m VOLUME IiXX3J.-NQ-.125.
DINGLEY TARIFF
BILL IS PASSED
BY THE HOUSE
(dopted as Amended to Go
j Into Full Effect .
j To-Day,
EBATE EXCITING TO THE END.
Democratic Representatives Go Down Fight
ing Against the Measure That
Will Reopen the Country's
Mills.
*)
I WASHINGTON, D. C, March 31.-Tbe
/-object for which President McKinley sum
moned the Fifty-fifth Congress to meet in
jxtraordinary session a fortnight ago was
cccomplisbed, so far as the House of
Representatives was concerned, when the
vote on the Dingley tariff bill was an
nounced this afternoon by Speaker Reed —
Ayes 205, noes 121, answering "present"
and not voting 21. The affirmative vote
was composed of 199 Republicans, rive
Democrat — Broussard, Dovey and Meyer
of Louisiana and Keeberg and Slayden of
Texas — and one Populist — Howard ol
Alabama.
Mr. Reed, in the Speaker's chair,
directed the clerk to call his name just
beioro the announcement of the vote, to
; ich he responded "aye" amid much
• •■pi :'
T '-l ative vote comprised 117 Demo
cratsf • ' :r Populists and Fusionists—
Baker ol Illinois, Marshall, Simpson and
Todr^. According to the conclusion
,rescl. ;<. last Monday night the great num
ber of Populist Silverites and Fusionista
5 3? contented j- .■ thems r with - answering
V "present." ;• - ' '. :
1 . ( The debates preceding the passage of
!■ t >jj bill was interesting to an unusual de
■'/ktwjV "'* were heard by a brilliant assem
£b'Urg< .'tators that filled the galleries
to/6 i „ > i - ing. , The diplomatic gallery
'* : acco lodated many of the Indies of the
-. corpif'tnd the representatives of Japan
' and 1 . 'wnii, which countries are paiticu-
Itrlyj' cerned over the passage of the
, biiL t -ey sat patiently through the long
. nour^i the day, and not until the voting
.". was Concluded did the visitors make a
.«,' move, toward leaving. Most of the day
' was occupied in discussion of the general
V principles of the measure and of questions
\. connected with them, the consequence
Su being that but two or three pages of the
wy" v were read by the clerk for consider
f\\ ation under the five-minute rule. Speeches
£'?%\i mad^ by Allen (D.) of Mississippi,
Cl&rk (V.) of Missouri, Johnson (R.)
of li^'ana (who told the House that he
woulf Vi for the bill only because he
I3JF* V 'd that the Senate would cure
iU n . sl^ and mnke it harmonious and
1" 0 ijtyjbtjlin and Richardson (D.) of
:T nt {•*•»•, Bobbins (P iof Pennsylvania,
*^ 1 b |&oiNorth Carolina (the* colored
mr \>9r wbo made a good impression)
ar. i vt ir h,
A :»»|'meDts were made to the
bll), beppnc '-' one being the new sec
tion .-yrrjed fufcda yesterday by the Com
mitttaon Ways and Means, making the
J-* in th* bill to take effect to-morrow
<A)-« 1 l).: This was proposed by Mr.
.Growenor (R.) of Ohio ana advocated by
him in a fifteen minutes' speech. It was
opposed by Richardson (D.) of Tennes
see, Bland (D.) of Missouri and Bailey
(P. tif Texas. It was agreed to in com
-, r -eie— lso to 20. The debate was closed
:i\ljf Dibcley, chairman of the Committee
on,W and Means, and the last ten
miatjj^; j>re accorded to him at the re
qi I ,•"»•&;.• y y (D.) of Texas,.
.'' A ll*«»«y'ocfc,, pursuant to the order of
th« p-awej^lUie committee arose and
Cbafl»»n£Sß<?r] aan (R.) of. New York re
■'.'■ P° rl «^B^^Mßfor ' passage with sundry
tamew.nianf*:^ Vj v separate vote was de- I
| m«i.:ed by 'Mr. I galley on the amendment I
. , « I: 'i^u uf». t!iedat ' for the taking
effeaj)f Xhe *■.£ , i n ; the bill. The otb>
ers rf W., a ?V«J t^'. The reserved amend
' in or I was adopted on a * yea and nay vote
b/ i»|l !o 140. f : -
">o-J:ery (D.) of Missouri moved to re
- .. cfimtfiiL the "bill with instructions to in- j
corporate in it a provision to admit free of j
duty 'articles tbo production and price of '
which were controlled in the United
.. Sttt 4 by a trust * This was rejected-- 143
'. : to 194 The vote was then taken on the
pawn, K&^;« bill with the result stated,
' a . IVt,'"e}nine1 Vt,'"e}nine ft. -ys' labor on its considera
tion 4 it% .
<?I,OSE OF THr. ÜBBATB.
*>""°*,otp. Strive to the 1,,,,t to Block the
f, ;f .'Jitir, Pannage
WASHINGTON, D. C March 31. -No
. oDjectjon was made at the opening of the
*"*"§ this morning to the immediate
■■ , 'in r consideration of the tariff bill, arid
at iu:^s Sherman (R.) of New York called
' A C \P mittee of , he whole to order. !
S&ii? Motion ,by Dalzel! (R.) of Fennsyl
rama the * p an , grapn imposing a specific
7 <«i phenacite, antipyrine and anti- i
toxine, was struck out
; th e d, potion of Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio
' l»^t!i» ty on; currants was increased from
l '- '12 cents a pound.
hill ' ■" ir> after a section or two of the
y beev read by the clerk, offered the
new eyjiion-rtuthorixed " by * the Committee
i
.V. . . *-• f r.r *= V . . .
The San Francisco Call
on Ways and Means, making the duties
in the bill applicable to all imports after
April 1.
Bailey (D.) of Texas made the point of
order that the amendment was not in or
der at this time. He briefly stated that
the amendment was on all fours with the
amendment offered by Mr. Dockery (D.)
of Missouri tp the tirat paragraph of the
bill. It was obnoxious also to the well
establisbed principle of law that there
should be no retroactive enactment.
McMillin (D.) of Tennessee made the
further point that the amendment sought
to regulate the practice of courts and
therefore was not germane to the bilL
Dalrell (R.) of Pennsylvania called
Bailey's attention to the fact that the
amendment was offered as a committee
amendment, to whu-h Bailey responded
that, if that be the case, of conrse his
point was not well taken; bot he insisted
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
snouid stand in his place and distinctly
stale that the amendment had been
agreed upon by the Committee on Ways
and Means.
: - Dalzell declined to do that, but stated
that 'the amendment in substance bad
■ been agreed to by the Committee on
-Way*-- i.id Means "and referred to a sub-'
I committee to put into shape. Dalzell ad
| mitted that there had been no meeting of
j the committee, but he protested to Bailey
I that the only result of his objection would
I be to compel a meeting of the committee,
when the amendment ': would be ap
proved.
After further discussion of the point of
1 order Sherman said his ruling must de
| pend upon a question of fact— whether or
! not the Committee on Ways and Means
j authorized the sub-committee to offer the
J amendment in behalf of the committee.
Dingey (R.) of Maine said that to ob
j viate all doubt on the question the amend
j ment would be withdrawn and he gave
notice of a meeting of the Commit on
Ways and Means in three minutes.
Barrows (R.) of Massachusetts, recur
j ring to the amendment by which the duty
on -currants was increased from IJ^ to 2
cents, eloquently pleaded for a substantial
recognition of Greece, which was to-day,
he said, giving to the world a splendid
I exhibition of heroism, patriotism and
| courage.. Dintrley explained that tne duty
imposed by the bill upon Zante currants
was just half of that collected by Great
Britain. DeVries (Fusion) of California
advocated the amendment as affording
j protection to the fruit-growers of his
district. 'S.'ir, ')-
While the Committee on Ways and
Means were acting on the Grosvenor
amendment an irrelevant discussion on
the Homestead strike and the general pro
visions of the bill was engaged in by Jett
J (D.) of Illinois, Ray (R ) of New York
and Sulzer (D.) of New York. Grosvenor
then, by direction of the Committee on
Ways and Means, reinlroduced the amend
ment, making a new section.
Docitery (D.) of Missouri moved an
amendment to the section authorizing
the increase of duty on articles controlled
by trusts. Dngiey made the point of
order that it was not germane, relating to
the free list, while the Grosvenor amend
ment proposed to fix the day when the
duties fixed in the bill should take effect.
The chair sustained me point of order.
It was ruled that t c amendment pro
! posed by Grosvenor should be limited to
half an hour's ilebate. Grosvenor said
[ that the attention of the country should
| be directed to the action of the gentleman
i from Missouri (Dockery) and his asso
ciates in their iiautic efforts to do some
thing about trust*. The amendments
which they had been offering, Grosvenor
said, as a bluff, were copied by them from
the McKinley law. They were repro
| duced in tho Wilson bill, the authors tak
j ing the idea from Republican legislation,
! where the Democratic party had got every
pood idea of tte past half century. These
provisions, ho said, were the law of the
land to-day acd would not be disturbed
b i the pending bill.
trosvenor oifered an amendment to
Perfect the ten to cover the point sug
gested by Richardson (D.) of Tennessee,
whicU was agreed to as follows:
Provi,j cdi that the lien hereby created and
the liability hereby imposed shah be only for
tlieexccks of duty imposed by this act over
and above the duties, if any, paid and col
lected at Ue time of Importation of such arti-
Cii'S.
Vandiver (D.) of Missoar offered an
amendment requiring all employers of
labor engaged in producing any protected
article to divide equally with their em
ployes all excess of profiis orer 8 per cent
on the capital invested. Rejected.
The amendment as amended by the pro
viso was agreed to— lso to 120, the vote
Deing taken by tellers.
Smith (R.) of Michigan made a few re
Continued on Tlurd I'age.
sa:n fkancisco, Thursday morning, april i, 1807.
CHANDLER
AFTER THE
CYCLONE
The Oklahoma Town Liter
ally Swept Out of
Existence.
NOT A WHOLE BUILDING
REMAINS.
Scene of Demolition, Death aod
Suffering That Baffles
Description.
FIBE INTENSIFIES THE AWFUL
CALAMITY.
Many Escap One Horror Only to Per
ish by Another-Partial List
of the Victims.
GUTHRIE, Oklahoma, Maich 31.— The
cyclone of last night dealt death and
destruction to everything in its path at
the town of Chandler, completely sweep
ing it off the face of the eurih. The storm
came from the southwestand swept across
the town, leaving scarcely a building of
any importance standing. Everything
was a mass of ruins in a Tew minutes, and
the air was filled with groans and cries of
tlie wounded and shrieks from every side.
The wrecks of many of the store buiid
inps took fire, and in a short time an
awful holocaust was in progress, many o.'
those injured and buried in the ruins
being burned to death. Fire broke out
first in the ruins of the New York store
and Lincoln County Banit, and spread to
many other buildings, making it neces
sary to tight the flames as well as rescue
the injured.
In addition to the people burned to
death a largo number of the injured were
badly burned and are suffering intensely.
Between the fire, the wind and the rain,
the provisions, medicine, clothing, etc., in
the stores were all destroyed or so badly
injured as to be worthies*, and unless new
•upplies arrive at once there will be much
snfferini:, even among those who have
money.
The storm broke upon tbe city suddenly.
The sky was clear an hour before. The
clouds .varied southeast and then whirled
north. Suddenly a funnel-shaped cloud
was developed, which touched the ground
and tore up trees like twigs, the roar be
ing deafening. A cloudburst preceded it.
The funnel split as it struck the southwest
part of town, which is on a hill overlook
ing the Cow Creek Valley, and one-half
went through the town ana the other half
turned north. Darkness soon came on,
A VSITOR THAT WILL BE WELCOME.
I ankin the awful chaot of <>ath and de-
I _?tAtitiß the, Work ' ■; J»i.ne r»» negun.
"; £ near!»''.f> c'cl< cfc before telephone
obnj>ction' could be secured with Gu time
and! o'clock this morning ~ before any
detike news could be obtained. At that
tiiuohe fire was under control and about
twe» dead bodies had been recovered
and' lventy-five or more of < the injured
caredLr. -
Butlne physician in Chandler was an
in jurelso medical assistance was sent from
this cil at midnight, and also from Still -
| water, a riving there soo.i after daylight
and asking in the care of the injured.
There «iro not half enough' coffins to bury
the dead. ! , '
The town is a vast mass o! demolition.
Ten tree? hive a house roof hanging on
eecb. Colling and household 'goods are
scattered in the streets. * Dead ' horses, "
cows and other animals are everywhere.
A pile of mini has a tine piano on top of
it. About $5ip,000 worth of property is
destroyed. " Teh thousand people are now
on the ground from the surrounding towns
and country. \
From this city -four waeon-loads of
coming, bedding and provisions have
heeri sent and the Gutbrie Club has raised
$15001 in ca3h to send to-morrow. The
Presbyterian church, Mitchell Hotel and
two 'ther buildings are' all that remain
standing or partly standing./; These have
been tuned into hospitals. Men, women
and children are assisting in caring for the
un for tula tea. There has been a great
scarcity v surgeons. ; Only two were able
to do annhing, last night. Dr. Wolcott,
with bloofi stream from a sightless eye,
worked v Ail he fainted. Physicians and
helpers ar.Wing hourly from Guthrie and
other tovvik The people were driven
crazy by thmearfnl calamity.
Not untilto-day was there any regular
system of w»k 'toward , : the relief of 'the
suffering." M*ycr M. D. Kiuriey ;is' doing
all he can. Tv city has put to use all its
cash (about* $00) for immediate ; aid. ■'■'. A
large number d. court attaches and attor
neys were therefrom this city, but 'only,
one was hurt— W. B. Herod, formerly of
Kinpman, Kans.\
J. D. Dale saw the storm 'approaching,
and takitit: Mrs'£)ale, ran to a hollow,
"where he placed tier behind' a bowlder
and crouched by iVr side, both escaping
uninjured. A twi\ days' old "' baby ? was
carried four blocks Aid not injured, while
the mother was craped in her bed. ■•
The dead, so *farW ; they have been
identified, are as folWw-, : '
' John Dawson, a latter. " . :
F. H. Dm off. \
Emma Dressinger. \ f
Unknown woman ant child, burned; to
death.'. \
Mrs. Tom Smith. y
Airs. Phillip Johnson aid child.
; Unknown man and three unknown
women, burned, to death. \
Mrs. Mitchell.. \ .'-
James Woody and win of El Dorado,
Kans.
Mrs. Doment. ' \
■ • . H. Bemar. a barber. V
D. E. Johnson.
Emma Rittenstem. • ■ \ . -
Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Johnson, their baby
and little boy. :\ ..-. \ .-
Those whose injuries are* doubtless fatal
are : " s The daughter of 'James "Woodyard,
Dr. Lee, Arthur Jewett,^ Peggie f Johnson,
Mrs. Frank McCall,*p."C. r Gooding, Mollie
Ulam, '; Andrew Asher and wife, Sidney
Kennon, D. C.^JakjrfSl^llU^ifitey.Wiiliam
TilgUman,*Gj^»%^VS«iG^ %r\ :
Badly in p 3Jr<. <^)morj'*#aKtet and
baby, the ™th t^g^l<^^r^r«i\cul.
lorn;'; Mrs. J&iXX.unney, A M4jrgie RaWves,
Chandler | R*J^^^^-I|b«gJ^d p ,./leck
Bishop, leg bfoßmijOttTii^bß^a^''
Continued on Third JPag*.
RIVERA'S
DOOM IS
SEALED
By Weyler's Orders He and
Bacallao Are to Be
Shot.
IT MAY HELP THE CAUSE,
HE SATS.
Death Has No Terror for the
Wounded and Prostrate
Soldier.
HIS CAPTURE ATTRIBUTED TO
TREACHERY.
Nothing; bu Fear ot Exciting Ameri
cans Will Prevent the Ex
ecution.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 1.-A dis
patch to the Herald from Havana, via
Key West, says:
"Religions perish when they have no
longer followers who will die for them,"
said Ruiz Rivera on his stretcher at San
Cristobal. "I expect to be shot. Well, it
may help the cause. Other considerations
are not important. 1 '
Rivera will be tried by summary court
martial and may be shot at once with the
pallant Bacallao, though suffering from
his wounds. Such are said to be General
Weyler'a orders.
No man of importance has teen exe
cuted siace the war began, and n great
outcry is likely to follow if Rivera is shot,
as the general view is that civilized na
tions parole, exchange or imprison pris
oners of war.
While the Spanish say that the insur- j
gent is a prisoner of war it is remembered
that General Weyler in a decree said:
"Any man caught without a miiitarv pass
outside of the lines duriug the state of war
is guilty of rebellion."
Rivera has been charced with incen
diarism, as is usual, and if he is not
executed at once it will be because the
{ Spanish fear to act in a manner to create
a feeling against them in the United
► States.
Already many stories are told here of
the manner in which Rivera was cap
tured. One is that a commissioner sent
to confer with Rivera had given informa
tion as to Rivera's position, forces, etc.
There are other stories of treachery, but
the story most generally accepted hers is
that he was surprised and captured owing
to his wounded condition.
It is said that Rivera is an American
citizen, bat be is not registered at the
Consulate, and no appeal bas been made
Jto Consul-General Lee. If such were the
I cast " i .»; Spanish. wujirt "ndoub'cd** 1 — «««
-rtaTU fOTvsrrovni-njf TiTnl,~Tor »mTi« taken •
in arms , the execution of sueh ~ aJ . man
would, it is believed here/ cause's strong,
feeling the United State?. /
v --' ' ■■■■ ■;-•■._—. — _ /
Sanauflty Leaven tor the front. t
NEW YORK, N. V., April I.— lt fa
said last night among Cubans that Gen
eral Julio :Saneuilly, accompanied by-iis
son and Colonel Lecheuea and neural
others, had left this city ; for the B<uth,
where they will board a vessel loade^with
arms and ammunition for Cuba. /
General Julio Sangnilly will tare com
mand of the Finar del Rio provide. His
son Julio, who is 19 years old, /-H serve
as his adjutant. Colonsl Lecn/ie:a t * who
accompanies «he eenernl, will /aave full
command of Snnguilly's escort;
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR RATES.
Those Made to the Contention Here
Smashed by the Suprem Court, and
a War Is Threaded.
CHICAGO, 111., Map; 31.— Western
railroads ate in trouble §>er rates for the
Christian Endeavor cois*en*.ion to be held
in San Francisco, TJo rate heretofore
made with the V Eatteavor people is
knocked out by the iupreme Court de
cision, and during -he last two days
general passenger apnts of the Western
roads have been considering a proposi
tion made by the Southern Pacific Unless
an understanding (in be reached Western
roads threaten to make a one-way rate
from Chicago to tie Missouri River of $5,
and Missouri R! rto Denver $5.
■ . " '.■ ■ _ ■ . * ~.' *■: ■■ '-
THE IIISH TAX RATE.
Extensive Delate on Its Readjustment in
the Housi of Commons Resu/ts in
1 Vote of Defeat.
LONDON Eng . March 31.— The debate
on the iiu/;on introduced in the Housi oi
Common/ by Hon. Edward Blake (Na
tionalist/ proposing a readjustment of the
Irish tax rate, was continued in the House
to-day. The motion was supported by
Thorns* Lough (Liberal) and opposed by
H. 0. irnold-Forsier (Unionist).
Right Hon. John Morley, Chief Secre
tary for Ireland in the Rosebery Ministry,
then took the floor and spoke in favor of
the motion, saying in the course of his
speech that besides suffering from local
depression Ireland had also suffered from
tie oppression of the landlords, but the
Utter had been s-topped by Mr. Gladstone.
Mr. Blake's motion was finally rejected by
a vote oi 317 to 157.
The motion introduced by Thomas F.
Whlttaker (Liberal) that while the ex
chequers of Great Britain and Ireland
remained consolidated all portions of the
United Kingdom must be regarded as one
country for fiscal purposes, was not voted
upon, the House adjourning before a vote
was reached.
Right Hon. George J. Goschen, Lord of
th* Admiralty, contended that the rate of
taxation in Ireland did not press any
heavier upon the poor in that island than
the English taxation did upon the poor in
London or elsewnere.
Nevertheless, he said, he could not ac
cept Mr. Whittaker's amendment because
a Government commission was already
appointed to inquire into tbe question
whether payments in Ireland for local
purposes could not be treated as offsetting
the payments by Ireland to the imperial
treasury.
Hti alien ffntf for a JV«u> Mayor.
VIENNA, Austria, March 31.— Herr
Strobacb, Mayor of Vienna, has resigned
bis office in order to provide an oppor
tunity for tbe election as Mayor of Dr.
Leuirer, the anti-Semite leader, whose
election *o tbe same office some time ago
was annulled by the Ernpeior,
PRlp^/FIVE CENTS.
HEAVY
FIRING AT
SUDA BAY
Cretan Insurgents Brave
the Cannon of the
Powers.
SHELLED BY THE ALLIED
FLEET.
Driven Back Once, They Return
in the Face of a Terr.fie
Bombardment
TUBKIBH OUTPOSTS CAPTUBED
AND LOST.
Unequal Eatte With a Moslem Fores
Aided by the Warships of
Christian fcurop?.
CANE A, Csete, March 31.— A force of
insurgents intent on capturing Izzedin
occupied the hillside south of Suda Bay
last nigbU The position was ratber an ex
posed one, »nd the insurgents were com
pelled to withdraw by a warm fire poured
into the ranks by the British, Austrian
and Russian warships moored in the bay.
This afternoon, however, the insurgents
attempted to recover their ground and
the firing became very heavy.
BBA.FJSRX OF TBS CHETAXS.
Faced a Terr fie Bombardment Front
the Worship*.' f
LONDON, Esq., March 31.— The Canea
correspondent of the Standard describes
the righting ; arour- 1 the fort/at Izzedin.
The garrison ct>* sis ted of 300 ; Turks who
had twelve Jf' v P D suns and two ] Norden
■fpldt'VguV, " Tl)e guns, however, were
traineo-* award a were useless to repel
an»' ttck from the , land side of the fort. ■
more troops with two Krupp and two
tSordenfeldt guns. Beyond this position
there was a strong stone wall where the
insurgents were masted under the Greek
side.
It is impossible to say which side began
the righting, but the engagement was in
full swing at 8 o'clock in the morning.
The Turuisa soldiers in the blockhouse
took but a small part in the fighting, bat
a Turkish frigate shelled freely, though
with small success.
An hour later the foreign warships were
ordered to fire. The Russian warship
Grosiastichy opened fire. She was fol
lowed by the British warship Ardent and
the Austrian warship Tiger. Each fired
in turn, aiming chiefly at the Greek vil
lage. The fire from the Russian warship
finally demolished the whole wall, every
shot from her taking effect.
Despite this the Greeks held their posi
tions and finally succeeded in driving
back the Turkish outposts, although they
were compelled to desert their principal
Dosition behind the stone wall.
The British ship Camperdown opened
fire upon the insurgents, who were then
compelled to withdraw. The Camper
down was at the range of GSOO yards. She
opened with her thirtean-inch guns. The
effect was instantaneous. Three of four
percusssion shells burst right in the midst
of the insurgents, causing them to run for
shelter in all directions. The gun prac
tice of the Camperdown was perfect, while
the noiae of the enormous shells hurtling
through the still air was enough to frighten
the enemy.
Things were now too hot to last, and the
flag was speedily lowered and the insur
gents hastily retreated, while the Russian
and Austrian warships fired with extreme
accuracy a succession of shrapnel. The
last shell was tired at a quarter past 10.
The Russian and Austrian warships then
steamed away on blockade service and tho
Ardent returned to Suda.
The Turks quickly sallied forth and
established themselves in the insurgent
positions amid demonstrations of delight.
They advanced across the open space with
great coolness under a continuous fire
from the Cretan sharpshooter?, who stood
their ground until the last moment. Tbey
never budged until further resistance was
out of the question.
At 11:30 the Turfcs were still pouring a
roarin? rifle tire into the retreating masses
of insurgents. Tbe latter replied with,
great spirit. Their grand defense excited
ihe admiration of all witnesses.
It is evident that they vrere not discour
aged by the odds against them, for they
sent a letter stating that they intended to
attack the fort at Butsunaria. In tha
evening of that day the fort was occupied
by European troops.
After the events of the morning the ad
mirals decided that it was not necessary
to place a mixed garrison at Izzadin.
A rough estimate places the number of
shells discharged througnout the engage
ment at 100.
AXSEXA.7XOyOR : WAJt.
Cretan* Will Sot Atjrt<s to an Auteno
wiciii tiorernnient.
ATHENS, Gbeece. March 3J.— A dis
patch from Retime, Crete, steles that the
Russian Consul at that pace to-day
visited the town of Alsipopulo for the
purpose of communicating to the insur
gents the proclamation recently issued by
the foreign admirals, announcing the in
tention of tha six great powers to estab
lish an autonomous form of government
ana to invite the insurgents to lay aowu2
their arms. Hi 3 attempt was as unsuc
cessful as those made in the same direc
tion by the admirals and their reprerenta
tives.
The insurgents listened patiently to the
Consul's explanation of the benefits that
would accrue to them under the form of
government proposed by the powers and
then declined to make any concessions
whatever. Tneir leaders declared that
they did not desire autonomy, feeling
that it would prove as farcical as the pre
vious attempts to establish self-govern
ment on tlie island. They had taken up
their arms to drive the Turks from the
island and to brin^ about annexation with
Greece. The desired to be placed under
the Government of King George, and they
Dimly declared that annexation was the
only thing that they would accept.
It being impossible for Colonel Vassos,
the commander of the Greek troops in
Crete, to use the cable for the transmis
sion of dispatches, the admirals having
prohibited its use, communication with
him wes established a day or so at;o by
means of Hash signals by way of the Island
of Anticythcre, south of Cerigo. To-day
Colonel Vasso3 sent to Kin^ George the
following message by heligoraph:
Alikiana, March 31.
Sir.: Contrary to promises the admirals
allowed the Mussulmans at Kindarnc? to
depart with their arms, their aim being pil
lage aud incendidrism. On the other hand
every cct of the Christians in self-defense pro
vokes bombardments. Mixed detachments
yesterday occupied the revictualed Anern
baili.
The Turks have blockaded Fort Kissamo
KHstelli.
Tiio dispatches sent by the admirals to their
governments, accusing me of cruelty, declar
ing that my men massacred prisoners at
Maiaxa and stating that I intended to attack
C'anea despite my solemn declarations, are
false.
1 shall address au energetic protest 10 the
admirals.
<il .-Y F.llA 1. rASSOHf J'IiOTESTS.
Score* the Foreign Admirals for Assist
inrj the Turk*.
- CANE A, Crete, March 3L — Colonel
Vassos has sent a long and strong protest
to the foreign admirals against the charges
concerning him which they have cabled
to their, respective Governments. The
protest is addressed to Admiral Canevaro,
the Italian naval officer who is in com
mand, by reason of seniority, of the com
bined fleets of the powers. Colonel Vas
eos claims that Mussulman authorities
have armed the refugees who flocked to
this city and allowed them to sally forth
and massacre Christians. He protests
also against tbe warships firing on tbe
Christians in occupation of the coast
towns and others further Inland without
a shadow of serious motive. After these
indictments, whirh are set forth at great
length. Colonel Vassos concludes:
"Never before have religious passions
been so completely let loose. The hatred
between the two elements of the Cretan
•population knows no longer any bounds.
All confidence has been destroyed, not
only in the benevolence but even in the
justice ana humanity of the powers, and
the Cretan Christians whose sons and
'brothers have been massacred by the
Turkish bullets and European shells, and
who are now thenselves threatened with
a famine more destructive than war, are
bunted down and Pvsacuted by tho-e
great powers who actual^ ] ay C a j" m to be
regarded as their friends a..^ p lOtec tors.
, •'I deem it my duty to ca. your atten
tion and that of . your co». agues tQ
these facts, of which, however, ,„ cer .
•♦«i- 1 ", are not ignorant. I furthv
aider itTiiy-uutj- & 'v/- liJo«,cs«,1 iJo«,cs«,- -tiaiiist^"^
.policy and to deny the alienations*^ '
which you seek to found it. Bui it is 0 '
.the people of Europe that I appeal— thos. !
.people who ignore the method and reject
the sophistry of diplomacy— confiding in
their good sense, their Christianity and
their humanity. It is for them now to
'•put an end to a policy which, whatever
its professed aim, is fraught with untold
horrors, and threatens a whole people
wity extermination."
DOLT AX W. 4 ATS JPE A CE.
Jicputizrd a Com mini on to Trent Tilth
H.inri Geonje'* Government.
' LONDON, Em;., March 31.— The daily
News will to-morrow say that a commis
sion, composed of Said Pasha, president
of the Council of State, and. Alexander
-Kratheedri Pasha, was to have gone to
,Greece, but an intimation . was given to
.the Porte that it would not be allowed to
land. Russia, the paper adds, threatened
to occupy Anatolia and other parts of the
territory unless the negotiations
•were dropped. . : <
V The News further says that the Porte
,has taken measures to prevent Greeks
leaving Turkey similar to those adopted
*ome time ago regarding the Armenians.
"A census of the Greeks in the empire 1 will
be taken for this purpose.
' Despite the report from St Petersburg
•that complete unanimity does not exist
among the powers as to the proper course
to be followed in the Cretan matter, a
dispatch from Canea states that it is re
garded there that the removal of the
Turkish troops is necessary as soon as the
■European . garrisons are strong enough to
fully occupy the forts.
The dispatch adds that the continued
presence of the Turkish soldiery will seri
ously hinder the pacification of the island,
the Christians not being willing to listen
to proposals for peace so long as the hated
Turks hold the fortified places.
Jnnimt on Gr-ece'i Withdrawal.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, March 81.-
The proposal that has been made that a
European be selected as Governor of
Crete and that the Turkish troops be
withdrawn from the island has not been
accepted by all the powers. Ir la the gen
eral opinion here that it is not likely to
be accepted. Some of the powers are still
insisting that tbe withdrawal of the
Greek forces now on the island is a neces
sary preliminary to the establishment of
the ne«v regime— that is to say, an autono
mous form of government, that the powers
have proposed to replace Turkish rule.
Jteported SertoliaH,,,,* for t'fac.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tuekey, March
31.— 1t is reported here that negotiations
baTe been passing between Turkey and
Greece, looking to a settlement of tne
Cretan troubles. Whether these negotia
tions have taken place since the middle of
March or wuetber the report is a revival
of an old story does not appear.
Cypriote Volunteer* for Greece.
LONDON, Eng., March 31.— A dispatch
from Carnica, Island of Cyprus, says that
a number of Cypriote volunteers and
Greek reserves have embarked for Crete
on board the Greek steamer Elene, which
will endeavor to run the blockade of that
island.
BlneXade of Greece Abandoned.
. LONDON, Enu., March 3L— The Vienna
correspondent 01 the Standard concurs in
the statement that the blockade of Greece
has been abandoned.
■ A c o»«d»in rrn or tiemlann; \
OTTAWA, Ont. March 31.— Lieuter.ant
Governor Mclntosh i.ss resigned his posi
tion in theNorthweslTerritory. SirHenrv
J. Dalotbiniere has been offered the PO / t
•nd will probably accept it.
RAILROADS JOIN
A NEW BUREAU
Organized to Provide for
Joint Tariffs and
Rates.
Said Not to Be Designed to
Evade the Recent Trans-
Missouri Decision.
Railroad Olfi:ia's Heartily Approve
. the Foraker Bill Permitting .
Pooling.
YD H7^C"O| Xljl_, .To..v »*. raS TV..,,*
j em Joint Traffic Bureau is to be the name
of the freight organization which is now
called the Western Freight Association.
■ The text of the new agreement, which has
been prepared by a committee of trunk
I me officers, was submitted to-day to law-
Jts for the lines interested, who will ex
a-iine the document with a view to de
: tejnining; its legality in the light of the
' Tr^s-Missouri decision of the Supreme
! Cout. If the attorneys find no objection
i to th agreement on that score it will be
: report to the presidents, general officers
: and flight men connected with the
Westei roads at their meeting, to-mor
row am n o doubt adopted.
. The ajreement is defined to be for the
purpose v arranging, providing and dis
tributing joint tariffs and rates and to
make sattfacto'ry division of joint rates
between th companies over whose lines i
the joint taffic moves. and in order to
properly cor. l y jt all laws and State
commissions,"without interference, how
ever, with the individual freedom of" any
line of compa.y i n the making of rates
for the handli. X o f i ts owu i oca and ■
competitive trat Ct » and for the purpose j
of providing tarit s tati«tics and securing
compliance with ac decisions of tt:e In
terstate Commerci Commission and the
United States coui 3 ."
' The bureau is t. be under the supervi
sion of aboard of >c commissioners to \
be elected by the presents of the roads, !
and the present bo*t of administration i
will constitute the ne 7 board. Members
of the bureau will be r qu ired to furnish J
the board with such reports of freight
j traffic and copies. of joi. t or other rates
as may be required by the board. The
duty of the board is to difc r ibute this in
formation , among the members of the bu
reau. All divisions of joimtnrough rates,
except those between proletary lines,
are also to be fixed by th, board. The
board is empowered to call a meeting of
the representatives of the line* as often as
it deems advisable. The agreement sets
forth: "Nothing herein shall b s so con
strued as to establish or 6ther*( se affect
rates on freight traffic, and it sh»l be ; the
duty of the board to so exercise tie power
conferred upon it as to discourage and, so
far as possible, prevent a vioiation of the
interstate commerce act or any othtr Fed
eral law. The board shall co-operatt with
the State commissions and courts for '.bese
purposes." . ' \
Parties to the agree m ent are required, to
file with tbe board all tariffs they.mayh
sue, the same as required by the Com
merce Commission. The agreement is to
|be effective to-morrow and to continu*
in force until December 1, 1898, when the
contracts with the members of the pres
ent board expire, and thereafter until
ninety days after written notice of inten
tion to withdraw therefrom shall have
been given by a member.
. The sentiment among railroad officials
when interviewed to-day on the bill intro
duced by Senator Foraker, permitting
pooling among the road?, was that such a
measure was sure to avert the ruin of the
roads, and they hoped it would pass
quickly as a relief from the present
emergency.
hint uai. pjt:.\sio.\ polici.
yew Commit* ion r mil Place the Broad'
'*( Comtruc ion on l/i* i.avoi.
r NEW'; YORK. ; N. V., March 3L-A
Times special from Washington says: '
;■ Henry Clay Evans of Tennessee,' wnose
nomination for Commissioner of Pensions
was Bent. in 1 Monday, reached here from
Chattanooga ''yesterday. He was flooded
with cards of callers throughout the day.
Evans ; said he x had •no policy formulated
other than that of liberal administration
of pension laws and the application of -a
'.borough efficiency,; standard for i em
ployes. He ! thought the " broadest con
struction, as far 1 as consistent with reason
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THIK»i)AY, APRIL 1, 1897.
A Zouave Battalion of Turkish Troops.
and toed judgment, should be applied to
the statutes and rules in the a'iju licaiion
of the great mass of pension cases.
Undoubtedly, he added, there ar« many
frauds, but this should not affect the
treatment of the worthy cases.
MIGRATION OF DUNKARDS.
Members of the Sect Flocking From East
ern States to a New Colony Founded
in North Dakota.
■ CHICAGO. 111., March. 31.— West Vir
ginia, Indiana, Ohio, Virginia and Penn
sylvania were represented in the two
parties of Dunkards that left this city
last night and this morning en route for
the Dankard colony at Devils Lake, N.
Dak. At St. I'aul they will ' be re-en
forced by (/"elegatc3 from Missouri, lowa
and Kansas. . •
This is the fourth annual migration to
the North Dakota colony, which is in the
Turtle Mountain district, just south of
the Canadian boundary, and will eive th.c
community a population of about 5000
souls.
The colonists who first tried the. experi
ment were not well pleased with their ex
periences, but after the second year they
came to the conclusion that a move had
Dccii made in the right direction, and
! since then each yearly exodus" from the
i East*"**! Middle West •*«»» .»llO«vu an in
crease in numbers. ' ... .
I Overcrowding of the land which the
Dunkarda have hitherto -been settling is
given as a reason for their effort to cen
tralizo in North Dakota, the emigrants of
each state bavin.- a colony of their. own,
but. the rules of all the colonies are the
same. In their religion me Du:ikaru& pro
fess to follow the strict teachings of the
Scripture, and their national festival of
feet-washing is religiously followed.
They support no paid or trained minis
ter, choosing their preachers from the
congregation, ami each person lays aside j
10 per. cent of all Aarninus for the purpose i
of supporting the church, charities and
educational enterprises. .
The Dunkards take little interest in pol
itics, never hold office, are forbidden by
their creed to engaire in war, and wear
their headpieces at al! times (including
church and meals), except when sleeping.
» .
WHALEBACK. WILL, CA.HRT COItX,
Over a Million and. a 11 it If Dollars
Seeded for the Jndia Jatninr
NEW YORK, N. V.. March 31.-Sif
Francis McLean, Chief Justice of India
and chairman of the Government Relief
Committee, to-day forwarded the follow
ing cable message in response to the in
quiry by Dr. Louis Kiopsch of the Chris
tian Herald as to the condition of the
famine and the needs of the committee:
Calcutta, March 30, 1897.
Klopsch, New York: We require at lea»i 50
lacs beyond Hie amount already received.
1-urther appeals quite warranted.
Sip. Francis McLean.
A lac is 100.000 rupees, and a rurJee be
ing equal to : J >2 cents, the amount required
by ttie committee, according to the uis
paic:i, is $1,600,000.
The Ctmstian Herald has already cabled
$30,000 to India, and is now completing the
cargo of the "wualeback" steamer City of
Everett, -1000 tons, which the United Slates
Government has placed at the disposal of
the relief committee, and which will sail
for Calcutta early in April loaded with
corn, the contribution of American sym
pathizers.
FIVE CHILD It . DROWX El).
Family Overturned in a Swollen Stream
While <;,,inu to Church.
PAWNEE CITY, Nebr., March 31—
News has reached this place of the drown
ing of, an entire family of children two
miles across the State line in Kansas.
i Mrs. John McGraw and her five children
started in a light string • wagon, to visit
what is Known , as St. Bridget's Church.
Coming to Hole Creek, ordinarily a stran
gling stream, she undertook to ford it,
regardless of its swollen dimensions.
The rush or the current overturned the
wagon and all were thrown into the
stream. Mrs. McGraw succeeded in sav
ing herself, but the five chiidren, ranging
in age from one to. fourteen years were
drowned. It is feared the mother will be
come insane.
Battle-thip lowa on Ihe flrydoc
NEW YORK, N. V., March 3L-The
batile-ship lowa arrived in the Brooklyn
navy-yard from Philadelphia this morn
ing and will be placed on the drvdock to
have her bottom prepared for mi official
trip to the Maine coast. The lowa was
speeded over eleven Knots between the
two lightships on the rive-fathom bank
She covered tbe distance three times un
der a forced draft. The two rirst runs
made an avera-e of 15.30 knots an hour.
On the thirJ run she -onrted and the
speed was increased to 15.75 knots.
A Military Editor I>entt.
CITY 01?" MEXICO, Mex.. March 31.-
Generai Sos Jen, z Rocha, editor of Ei Coin
bate, died here ihis morning. He w.-is
prominent in militmv circles and was the
author of several works on military sci
ence.
•■:...', ;P on% Paul'" Son Suspended.
PRETORIA, South Africa, March 31.—
President Kruger's urandson, an officer of
the Government at Krugerdorp, has been
suspended from duty for having used
language insulting to Queen Victoria.
An inquiry fcas been ordered.
SECRET SESSIONS
OF THE SENATE
All the Businass Subordi
nated to the Arbitra
tion Treaty.
No Time to Pass Cfpon Resolt
tions in Bebalf of the
Cubans.
New Amendments Are Daily Pe
sentsd and Ratification Seems
Out of Ike Qu stioi.
•rtAMll.ss-.MN, J). C, March 31; The i
Senate spent the larger part of ltsfssion |
j to-day in secret conclave. At £25 it |
proceeded to the consideration ofxecu
tive business and that included d only i
the arbitration treaty but the qr.t'.ion of
tilling the vacancies on the stauufg com- i
raittee«.
The only matters of public intcst that
occurred in the open session fere two
i resolutions on the subject of (Joa and j
• both of them went over witboc action !
until to-morrow. The lirst was <jie offered
by Mills (D.) of Texas instating the
Committee on Foreign Relations to in- j
quire what obligation, il any, tne United j
States has assumed toward the people of j
Cuba by asserting and maitjta ni g the
right to prevent the acquisition of tl c
island by any European pover am com- j
pelling them to remain Mbject '.o the
dominion of Spain. The otl:fcr was ffereJ i
yesterday by Mr. Morgan (I/) of At ibama
in relation to the letters from > is.r..
Gomez to Presidents Cleveland and Mc-
Kinley.
The Senate remained in secret session
this afternoon for three hours and a half,
during wnic i time i: disposed of ai the
important amendments to the general
treaty of arbitration anil failed uttf/iy to j
agree as to a time when the tiiii vote !
shall be taken. Voting will be r«umed
on all amendments tnat may tien be j
pending to-morrow at 4 o'clock, aid after
that hour no further amendment will be
| permitted.
The most interesting feature o/ to-day's
session was the notice given fey Hans
brough of North Dakota tha&e should
to-morrow, or at the first favoifble oppor
tunity, offer as a substitute lJ the whole
treaty a declaration in tue/hape of a
resolution that the United Ctules is in
favor of the principle of aeration, out
that the exigencies of the times do not
demand that such a treatyinoula be now
ratified.
Uoar of Massachusetts cijected to such
a proceeding and naid tiia/he would make
a point of order againstft when he reso
lution was offered.
The voting began proOTtly at 2 o'clock,
according to the agreenf nt, the first vote
being on the amen imeit offered by Hoar,
which consisted of a combination of tha |
Cbiiton amendment afd the amendment
to the first article of ue treaty submitted
by the committee. Tim provides that
"any difference wbih in the judgment of
either power eith crfnaierially affects is
honor or its domestic or fcreUn policy
shall not be referred to arbitrmion under
this treaty eicuviLy special agreement."
There is also adfled a provision similar
to that of Chiltol's, which stipulates that
each question proposed to be submitted
to arbitration under the treaty must first
be sent to the Senate for action by that
bo y, as in theca^e of the original treaty.
Tnis was adopted, 54 to 13.
Despite the adoption of this, Chilton
pressed his amendment, bat it was iaid
on the ta ble.
Bacon's amendment eliminated all
questions relative to the bonded indebted
ness or other securities of the States was
also iaid upon the table, but without an
aye and me vote.
Foraker, contending that the text of
the treaty was ambiguous as to the tribu
nals to b« establ.sned, offered an amend
ment which provides that there shall be a
separate court for each case that may be
suumttted, and this was agreed to by a
ye y good majority.
Rawlins of Utah .-oueht to strike out all
of article 8, which relates to the selection
of a member of the tribunal from among
the judiciary of a State or Territory, when
any question in wbich each State or Ter
ritory i- interested is a subject of arbitra
tion. This was, however, voted down.
•Morgan moved to strike out article 7,
" ■ . .:■!!;• to the methods to be pursued
when objections are taken to the jurisdic
tion of Ue tribunal, but he withdrew his
mot >n, stating that he would renew i
to-oi Trow..
it tide 9 contuins a provision which re
qu|t?s that in the event of an award* being
ml-e by an equally divided court there
t sl*l be no recourse to i ostile mea-ures
.viii one or more friendly powers has
b#n invited by one or both nations.
flili* moved to striKe out this article,
J »t the motion wa- r.lso laid on the tabie,
| *d Fjeveral other amendments of a minor
f.ararter were offered, Out shared the
time fate.
|Dayis pressed for an agreement on an
I our to take the vote on Friday or the fol
lowing Monday, bat Stewart objected. No
I onciusion was reached on the subj-ct,
land Stewart refusing to witudraw his
objection no arrangement for the vote was
While the adoption of the Hoar amend
ment has weakened the opposition to tho
treaty, it is not at all certain the treaty
will receive the necessary two-:birds vote.
ANOTHER RAIDER LIBERATED.
Major Sir John W loughby Completes His
, Term of Ten Months at the
Hollcwzy Prison.
LONDON, E.n-u., March 31.— Major Sir
John Wilioughby, who. togethur wuh Dr.
L. S. Jameson, Major White, Coloiel H.
F. White, Colonel Gray and Captain
Coventry, was convicted of participating
i n the Jameson raid in o the Transvaal,
was released from Holloway jail this
morning, his term of ten months' im
pn*onment havine expire).
Dr. Jameson, the ieader of the raid, who
I was sentenced to liiteen months' im
! prisonment, was released on December 2
|on account of ill health. Colonel White
and Colonel (jr&y were liberated at the
expiration of their five months' sen'ence
lon December 2<> Major R. White was re
! lease i on February 27, his term of seven
' months' imprisonment having exnired.
Captain Coventry received a sentence
, of seven months' im!■>^i^onnlelll, but vas
: released in the latter part of August, 189G,
the physicians of Holloway jail certifying
! that further confinement would endanger
bin life, as he was suffering from the
' effects of a wound received in the fight
' between the raiders and the Boers at
| Krugersdorp on December 31, 1895.
The Glnd*tonex tie inn Home.
LQN'DON, Eng.. March 31.— Mr. and
Mrs. Gladstone have arrived in England
from the south of France, where they
have been sojourning for some time. As
Mrs. Gladstone, who was indisposed, was
leaving the railway carriage at Calais,
prepaiatory to boarding the steamer to
cross the channel, she slipped from the
step and was severely shaken up.
Vppoaition to thr Hug <r Tru*t.
ALBANY, N V.. Match 31.— The New
York Sugar Refining Company of Long
I -land City, the Doescher Company, to
operate in opposition to .the sugar trust,
was incorporated by trie Secretary of
Staie to-day. The company will carry on
"BUDS."
4 REAL BWEET-LOOKING GIRL, WITH FINE EYES AND HAIR AND TEETH
■"• and complexion, would look very bad indeed if her ace was suddenly to become
filled with pimples, or facial sores, or Sarsaparilla blood spots. Now, the reason cheap
sarsaparillas bring out tne spots is because they contain mineral drugs.
80 you see how careful you must be in buying.
A real good sarsapanUa contains no minerals, is made from herbs, and can be
used moderately all the year. Such a sarsaparilia is the bird Barsa H arilla— JOY'S
VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA. It is a good blood medicine, giv 3 you a fine appe-
tite, fair digestion, and sleep at nlsht. It :a laxative. It is a remedy women take
who are looking for the v;m and energy, the brace and bounce of actual life.
JOYS VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA bnn.s roses to the cheeks.
Drugs; ists who substitute one medicine for another in compounding a prescription
are also likely to substitute the cheap for the pood. They do it for money. Don't let
them mbstitutt. Ask for aad receive JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA.
the business of manufacturing, rehninp,
purchasing, selling and disposing of ail
kinds of su^ar, molas-es. syrup and other
materials used in the refining of su>;ar.
2ni^ com P&ny will besiu business with
$-00,000.
A BjG LOCKOUT IMMINENT.
Clash Between Employers and Walking
Delegates May Affect 40,000 Men
in th* Emldng Traces
NEW YORK. N. V., March 31.-i The
Mason Builders' Association at a meeting
held lust night m the Building Trades
Club to consider the situation of the bui.d
ing irade growing out of the arbitrary
strikes recently ordered by the board of
walking delegate* determined to resist
the exactions of that body and to open a
determined tight.
To make the fight effective tdey ap
pointed a committee to obtain the co
operation of all the employers' associa
tions in the building trades.
Tuis step puts an end to the agreement
which has existed for years between the
masons' and bricklayers' unions and the
Mason Builders' Association, by which
the union kept aloof from the board of
walking delegates and the association
from the other employers' associat ons.
Tins means that there will probably be
a peneral lockout of all the men con
nected with tbe board ol walking o>le
f^ues ordered in a few days. Such a lock
out will affect at least 40,100 men.
In the event of a lockout they will be
allowed to return to work as soon as they
snver their connection* wi.h ttie board,
and the employers declare that nine
teiitiis of the good workmen are willina
to do so as soon as they learn that tuey
will be protected against sympathetic
strikes.
It is certain, however, that the em
ployers have decided tiiat tUey will not
any longer submit to the authority of the
walking delegates. No notice will be
taken of BisuoD Potter's attempt to arbi
trate the trouble.
The ooard of walking delegates will
meet this afternoon ana probably will then
decide upon an aggressive course of ac
tion.
The State Board of Mediation and Arbi
tration arrived in town last night and wili
"ffer their services as arbitrators to-day.
They will probably b« rejected.
O-V SUV 1U t. It -V Tit ACK 8.
HnMults of the Hac-i at JAtlte Socle and
y<-to Orl*an*.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. March 31.— Rain
fell to-day with more or less regularity
and the track was sloppy, .business in
the betting shed was good for the nun.be.
--! of patrons.
Half a mile, Howland won. Bimetalllst sec
ond, Lady Dorothy third. Time, :58}^. ' j •;
Three-quarters of a mile, War Cub iron,
Marchie i> second, Dun more third. Time, 1:21.
* Five-eighths of a mile. Dan Huger won. Tin
cup second. Moncreiin third. Time, 1:04.
Thirteen-sixteenth* of a mile, selling, Harry
Shannon won, Lady Doleful second, Nina
c Louise third. Time, I:25J^.
•Seven-eiehths of a mile, Oath won. Sunburst
second, Kin* Kirn third. Time, l:30W.
NEW ORLEANS, La., March 31.— One mile
and twenty yards, Jack the Jew won, Bird
catcher second, Liitle Tom third. Time, 1 :50.
Seven-eightas of a mile, Senator fen rose
won. Moralist second, Slyx third. Time,
1:34^. »-v. ■■
Out mile and twenty yards, Ben Waddolt
won, Jim H^gg second, Judge Sieadmau third.
Time, L:49&
One mi.c, Irish Lady won, Donna Rita sec
i ond, imp. Pa. itdin third. Time, 1:43.
Three-iourths of a mile, Heurira won. Prince
Proverb second, O..ean third. Time, 1:19
One mile. Rey del Mar won, Voimu second,
Florence vine third. Time. 1:50.
TBtS M.l U I.H-sli AUK t;v *IGBT.
The Unit Changed and a Larger Purse
.. .', i* Hotted. i .,.i : : : z -\>
PITTSBURG, Pa., March 31— Warren
L^ w is, manager of ihe Greater New York
Athletic Club, . hat wired John Quinn,
manager of Peter Maher: "Change date
of fight to May 31, which is Brtroklyn
hand. cap day."
The original date Lewis offered for the
Mener-Sbarkey right was May 27- He
also proposed a $10,000 purse, but it has
not been accepted. Quinn thinKs a larger
purse can be secure i. He is waiting to
near more from San Francisco.
' ♦ ■
Vir ilf'tnber X. A. If. tiacing Board.
BALTIMORE, Md , March 31.—Chair
man Albert Mott of the L. A. W. Racing
Board announce the following bulletin
for the current week:
Henry Goodman, 132 Sixth street, Portland,
Orepon, na-. been appointed a member by-
President Potter and will take charge of Cali
.'ornia, Nevada, Oregon, Arizona, Uiah, Wash
:i;e;o:i, Idaho and Montana. Tue State of
Michigan li added to the district of Herbert
W. Foltz, 50 Ingame block, Indianapolis, In
diaua.
SPAXISH 11031 K.-lKl* A TOWS.
Jioaa Rotnrio, Philippine Inland*, I>t
ttroytt an I Many Xit-«a I. > t'.
MADRID, Spain, March 31.— An official
dispatch from Manila, Philippine Islands,
states that a Spanish, naval squadron
bombarded Roas Rosario, northward of
Cavite. The town was ruined ana many
lives were lost.
SeHoek Jtmalm the Retard
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 31.— |
The 12-o'clock scor* in the bicycle races
stood: Schock. 1072 miles; Lawson. 964!
miles 4 laps; Albert, 935 miles 6 lap-;
Golden, 900 miles; Cassidy, HI miles I
lap; Riverre. 695 miles 2 laps; Ford, 167
miles 9 laps; Muller, 125 m.les 9 laps.
Scbock is now ahead of Hale's 72- hour i
record, which is the best for the number
of hours.
ftoodlr Cnunri'ni'in r , r ,t nn ..,
NEW ORLEANS La-. March Hl.-Lui,
O. Desforfjes, ihe boss «_f the Crescent Ciiy
Council, and w!;o was conv.cied, with
other Councilmen, in the late reform
movement against the hoodie council
was pardoned yesterci -.y. He is the Jast
of the Counc Inien sente c d to the pen
itentiary ilmt the Gov-nor has pardoned.
«
fl'tr for >h' «„,««,. of fii , mkmln
NEW YORK, N. V., -March 31—Mw.
Andrew Carnegie nave birth to a daugh
ter yesterday. The mother and child are
at Mr. CHr^egip's residence in this c ty
•Mr. Carnegie is at his country home in
e f? Wl€ £' Co " n - whL>r he M convalesc
ing irora his recent severe illness.
>/»» f«-r 0,./., t ir ,r s hor ,
FRANKFORT. Ky., /March 31.-Th«
joint session of the Lejriuture a.ijourned
no'nh- 6 eighteenth balfOt ' which sh OW - 11
«iV fh Ke ' . Four , ballots g^ve Hunter
sixty, three short of elect ionf
T. Jtr nd Cou,icted Jiuralars.
FRANKFORT, X .. March 31.-A bill
was predated to.iay in the Legislature
Pending or the brandin. of convicted
inirelnr- on each c ; n-->k.
ARE YOU
AFRAID OF
What will happen to you if at
some time some one' you love , '
should find out that you are
... little more than half a man? If
you are you deserve the mental
torture, because there is no rea?
son for punishing yourself in
that way another moment. If
you won't be helped you will >j&
have to take the consequences. /11l
. • Evil pictures before your eyes x
- day and night ; wasting of the • j
body; failing sight : no^wiil
power sudden perspiration ; ?\
. twkchings in the neck and face. \
All these show that you are los-
ing your manhood as rapidly as
a fool loses his money when he
plays with "Confidence men."
In eight days "Hudyan" will
_ stop your losses, and in thirty
. you will not be the weakling you
: are to-day, but a whole manly
man ! One that is not at all
afraid of
ANYTHING
OR
ANYBODY*.
It won't cost you one single nickel to
tend for circular* and testimonials of
the great '.'Hudyan" or the ''30-tlar
blood cure" either. Learn how, man ha*
been made in a month. How secondary 1
and tertiary symptom* tlr'hetovo t^ *, '
power of th > cr lit Hudson do«t; or , : ,
Add re*s or call - ?^f ■•*J^-f, . '
Hudson Medical Insu - nte
Stockton, Market and Ellis S- I,^ ■
. SAN FRANCISCO. CAJu. * ,'
CLOSE ONE EYEandthenTHE OOTHEr/R r /
IF Yog CANNOT SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTH HEAR .
AND FAR CALL AND SEE US, '-.:. , X .;■. U \?XI M A
OPTICIANS PHoro^^suf (£S
%\y iciENTiric Instruments ; r f} \
642 Market St. :. j? I
ONMnCHROmCII BOU.DINQ.!; ,(' i. '
— — — : r i , —r'^-Sr^^T----
-\ Dr. Martins
Gil PUN m I
I Of the Age J|p
lS ( A preventive and cure for RhejLi. <(7
'i mat ism. Neuralgia, Pain« in Gc- 1 - tfo
i > eral, Dyspepsia, Sore Tkroalt, |>)
([ Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and ,'i|
'i Kidney Complaints, Back-"-' '«, SS
.' Burns, Swellings," Colds, C._ |s. ]J>
(| Colic, Cramps, Sprains,'' B. ,_ >.-A», ?i|
]i Wounds, Indigestion, 8»»An . Difc- m Vi _''
(' eases, t.x<>- ive itcljfiu'ag'J'aild >> I
I, many other c'>mplalnt«/i^.\«j^ ; i .'«
!; Price: 25c, 50c, $1 I 'er Bottfe. j; » |
{ \ , \
l! L. CALrJSCH, Whole? ?e Apent fir;>S :'!
> the Pacific Coast, San Jo£.,.Cal. /,, Av Jft ' y ; v
> 1 >
C For sale by all druggists. The tradfa M
' supplied by Redington & Co.. Mack 1(7/
i Co Langley & Michaels, San Fran- ({ ■
n Cisco. Q
DR.MCNULTi. r
rpHis we r,L known- Ayn n ''■&&&& O(lJ
I Speciallstcurf#Prlvale,Kervo»^(i,HlotKlii wiSWIn; -
Diseases of Men only. Manly Pow.^rjr^atce, « Ovet
20 years' experience. ■ Send for Boi >lc,lref. rt lt!l '" r *
ciirwi at Home. - Terms reasonable. Hour*! '• tot'-.--.
daily ; 6:% tr> B.3o ev'srs. Runditys, 10 to J2. i Ci*' v: ' : ' -
tion free and sacredly coufJdentia]. ' Cail or: ddreu
- ... P. ROSCOE McNITE.T'Svi W. ».j ■■■€•■? '-•■-
2S'i Keain.v Str^rl. Nan Iranriito *-"»'• .
SDR. HILL'S KEUTKOIjm
KJve hundrea rewarJ :orany *«
c.innoc curs. THIS SKCBiC • HKiI«
K.>\ stoiM all losses in 'i* hours. [
cares KmUslons, Impotency, s ■
eele, ' uonorrbtsa. Ciicet. Fit* «*trf> • >
tares. Blood Disease and ali «'a»Uai h '■='■
effects tH . -ell Aba,« or -ii*<s«4i»>.-, •■
Seal sealed. ft per bottle, |KKmil
• BOTTLES, $5: cnaranteed to cure any t*« .
• DHL BALL'S MEDICAL. IXSTITUi I * V' •
■ •■••..-.- Bis Broad way/ Oakland. Cat' '/■' f • ■»-■;-'"
All priT»w oiseaatid QOicJUy cOfttO. b^ nil l *»€ ' -'<
ft— book.... .' ■ -■ ■■■■-...:•■■'?'■■ -,5-?: ? :.-.'t. •*>*-•■ '■■,
'■:<:.;.;: 4 :.-::^.v.; . . .-:.--»■ ,-?■>-> V-^--! V.: :'; '^T"""'*JUSTICE FIELD
ABOUT TO RETIRE
No Longer Mentally Quali
fied for Work on the
Bench.
Attorney-General McKenna Will
Undoub ed!y Be Hs Suc
cessor.
Juige Morrow's Promotion Is Assured
His P.ace to Bs Filled by
M. M Extee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 31.— 1t is
well known here that Associate Justice
Field expects to retire in the near future.
He is now so feebie that, ho can scarcely
walk. He is no longer mentally qualified
to perform his duties on the bench, al
tticugu his real condition is carefnt'y
shielded by his associates, who assist him
in writing his opinions. Justice Fieid
walks with a cane, and only totters to »»d
from the courtroom. He has hehl on to
his ollice so that he might b.-eaK the
•record" for loneest service on the United
tsates Supreme Court bench. He wat>
anxious that Juage Ro-3 of I.os Angeles
might succeed him, but now realizes that
it is only a question of a E«« months until
he must relinquish his office. No exact
time has beeu fixed upon for his retire
ment, despite the announcement of a New
York paper this niornii^.
ihe Call was the first paper in the
United States to announce that Judge
McKenna would be appointed Attorney-
Genera;. At the time lUis dispatch was
printed it was aho announced that Presi
dent McKinloy would aDPoint McKeuna
to tucceed Justice Field on the United
States Supreme bench, and this pro
gramme wili be carried ouj.
It now seems to be altogether probable
that Judge Morrow will be elevated to the
Circuit bench to succeed McKenna, and
that M. M. Estee will be appointed to
the United Slates District bench to suc
ceed Morrow.
Mr. Loud will insist upon the appoint
ment cf Harry N, Morse as Marshal for
the Northern District of California, and :
he will be appointed.
It is settled that John P. Jack«on will be
Collector of Customs at San Francisco,
and it is reasonably certain that Joe Spear
will be appointed surveyor. Mr. Spear
and wife will leave for home in a few days.
The sudden departure of Judge de
Haven for his home has occasioned some
surprise here. He realized that he could
not be appointed a United States Judge,
tut some members of the California dele
gation are surprised that the Judsie should
not have caliei to say good-by. One
member expressed fear that the Judge
had been "shanghaied."
H. A. Fitzgerals of San Francisco and
.henry Olds of Los Angeles are here.
liit OiNGLEY BILL •
PUSSES IHE HOUSE,
Continued from First Page.
marks upon the general features of the
bill, which met his approval. Believing
in the value and benefit of the protective
tariff system, the bill contained some
features that he did not approve, but he
was willing to take it as it came from his
P.epublican associates. [Applause.]
Sayert (D. ) of Texas moved an amend
ment to the hoop-iron paragraph to admit
cotton ties free of duty, supporting in in a
vigorous speech. The amendment was
not in order.
The committee arose temporarily, and
W. ii. King, the new Representative irom
IT tan, accompanied by Grosvenor (R.) of
Ohio, appeared at the bar and was sworn
in b.y Speaker Reed.
The iast bours for the consideration of
the bill was largely given to general de
ba'.e. At 3 o'clock the chairman's gavel
fell, and the committee arose. Speaker
Reed resuming the chair. Sherman re
poned the bill for passage with sundry
amendments. A separate vole was de
manded by Uailey on the amendment
making the duties take effect to-morrow,
and all other amendments were adopted
in gross — 374 to 1J».
On the separate amendment reserved
the vote was taken at once oy ayes and
noes— ayes 200. noes 140.
This vote was nearly along party lines,
the Republicans voting for tlie amend
ment and Democra-.saul Populists against
it. Hartman of Montana and Shafroth of
Colorado, silver men, and Jones of Wash
ington, Martin, Shulord and Siroud of
North Carolina, Populists, answered
"present." Newlands (Silver) of Nevada
voted with the Republicans. Barrett (R.)
of Massachusetis and Cortisa (R. i o;
Kansas were paired in favor of the bill,
and Cummings (D.) of New York and
Crowford (D.) of New York against it.
Grow (R.) of Pennsylvania and Knox (R. i
of Massachusetts were not recorded. The
Speaker did cot vote. The third r . ading
and engrossment of the bill were ordered
without a division.
Dockery(l). ) of Missouri moved tore
commit the bill to the Committee e n
Wayg and Means with instructions to re
port it with a rrov.sion to admit free of
duty articles controlled by a trust in the
I'nited States, and upon the adoption ol
ihis motion the vote was taken Dy aye>,
and noes, which resulted 148 ayes, 140
noes. So the motion to recommit was
lost.
The vote was then taken on the passage
ofthe bill, both Dingley and Bailey de
manding the ayes and noes. The vote
wasfco taken, resulting: Ayes noes
121; answering "present" and not vot
ing, 2L
The rollcall was finished at 4:25 o'clock
but a recapitu'atjon delayed the an
nouncement until 4:33. Just before the
tally-sheet wai handed to him the
breaker said: "The cleric will call ray
name."
The clerk called "Mr. Reed."
The Speaker-"Aye." [Loud applause.]
The announcement was received with
clapping of hands and shouts on the floor
and in the galleries. The House ad
journed until Saturday.
ro take Kxrmcx to-vai.
Text of Oro.r.nori Amendment to the
..; • - IHngU v Bill, ■
*, WASHINGTON, D. C, March 31—The
iollowmg is the text oi the new section" to
ba added to the tariff bill, as agreed upon
by the Republican members of the Com
mittee on Ways and Means, fixing the
date on which the duties shall take effect.
It was introduced by Grosvenor (R.) of
Ohio, chairman of the sub-committee
which investigated the subject. It reads
as follows:
Section 27. That all articles mentioned in
the several schedules of this act which shall
be imported into the United States between
the Ist day of April, 1897. and tne date of the
passaee of this act, and which were not pur
chased and directed by the owner to be
shipped for import into the United States by
a citizen thereol prior to April 1. 1397, shall
bear the same dut.es to be charged upou
similar receipts in this act, and such duties
are hereby made a lien on sucti article when
ever and in whatsoever hands found, except
In the hands of persons holding them for final
consumption and having no purpose to sell or
part with the same or miy part of the product
of the same, and except a. so in the hands of
persons shown to have obtained such articles
without notice of the provisions of this act.
And any person noi such final consumer
without notice havi"* obtained an interest or
possession ol any such article or articles so
subject to duty, except as a common carrier or
warehouseman, shall be liable for the pay
ment of such duties therein and the same may
be recovered with interest but without pen
alty in an action or suit by the United States
against such person or persons in any District
or Circuit <. ourt thereof.
And all persons liable under this act for
such duty or any part thereof In respect of any
shipment, cargo or lot of any such article or
articles may be joined in the same action ior
such recovery without regard to mutuality or
nature of interests or defenses, and sucti joint
<>r separ.ite judgment or decrees may be ren
dered tnereiu, including the enforcement of
any such lien, as justice or equity may re
quire.
In every such case the process of the court
in the district where the suit is brought and
wnere one defendant resides and is served
shall run to and be served on any defendant
in any other district. It la hereby made the
a uty of the Secretary of the Treasury to pre
scrioe aud enforce suitable regulations to
carry out tho provisions of this section, in
cluding the retention in the bonded ware
house* Of the United States or any other place
where such goods are deposited, samples of
such goods until required for evidence in any
such trial.
PEiriGRIQH'S A3iEM>3IEST.
Seekt to Ktinovr the Duty From Articles '
Controlled by Iruttt.
WASHINGTON, D. C. March 31.— 1n
the Seriate to-day Pettigrew gave notice
of an amendment to the tariff bill which
will remove from the dutiable and plnce
on ihe lree list all articles of like charac
ter of domestic production or manufac
ture that are made or controlled by a
trust or combination for the purpose of
preventing competition. Every contract
combination in the form of a trust, or to
restrict the quantity of production or
affect the pries of any article or conspiracy
lc restraint of trade is deemed a trust
within the provisions of the act. Action
to determine the existence of such trust
may be begun by any citizen, and upon
tne decision of the Federal court that
such a trust exists the court is directed to
issue an order directing the customs offi
cers to thereafter admit such articles free
of duty. The United States Circuit Court
is made the court of last resort, from
which no appeal can be taken.
AVhere a du'y is levied upon raw mate
rial or any article that is improved by any
process after being imported, the duty on
the raw material or unrefined or unim
proved article shall be collected as pro
vided by this act, but the differential or
additional duty shall no! be collected if
the improved or refined article is found to
be ihe subject of a trust.
tM A .s t 4 OK IV B.
Three St*atnnhip* Making Mote Speed
Tlirough iiriftM from thti Pol*.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 31.—
Three steamships in the barrier of drift
ice which has floated down irom the Arc
tic regions into the path of the trans-
Atlantic steam craft were seen on March
27 to the eastward of the Grand Banks of
.Newfoundland by the British steamer
Huron, which arrived at this port to-day
from Dantzic.
One of them was one of the Cunard line
steamships from Liverpool for Boston.
Tne Huron skirted the ice for over 230
miles. It extended north as far as the
eye could see^
MORE SCHOOLS WANTED
The District West of Castro
Street Makes Appli
cation.
There Are No Schoolhouses in
the District and None
Near It.
The Board of Education hns been ap
pealed to by the residents of that section
of the City west of Castro and south of
Seventeenth street for better school ac
commodations.
The same request was made to the pre
vious board soon after it assumed office,
but the usual excuse of short fnnds was
advanced as a reason why a schooluouse
could not be buiit.
The two nearest school buildings to this
section are located, one — the Douglas
Primary— at Nineteenth and Collinewood
streets, and the other— the James Liek —
on Twenty-fifth and No? streets. Both of
these are over half a mile from the east
ilne of the settled district, where over 260
children of school age reside.
The two school buildings mentioned are
already overcrowded, and it hns been
found necessary to secure additional
rooms in private dwellings adjacent to the
James Lick Primary.
A delegation of men with families from
the West of Castro-street Improvement
Club has recently waited on the Super
visois. as also .on a committee of the
School Directors, and presented the needs
i of tbe district to both. • ='•/.;'<
To this request favorable consideration
was civenand a promise that after next
July a now building will be erected in the
district sufficiently large to accommodate
all the children there, besides relieving
the overcrowded condition of the James
Lwk and Douglas schools. **
Director Dr. Drucker said, when spoken
to on this question yesterday : "I am con
versant with the necessity for a school
building in the district west of Castro, and
1 mavspy that my associates on the board
.™. d what they can to have one pro
vided lor there just as soon as they can.
"There are other localities also in need
of school accommodation. There is, for
: instance, Sunnyside, west of Chenery and
Castro. Then comes Richmond, where a
school building is absolutely nece^ary on
Seventh avenue, near the "Maria Kip Or
phanage. , >
••; "All those new buildings' are made a
necessity because of the growth of the
City over outside territory. We will fully
and fairly represent the necessities of the
School Department to the Supervisors at
toe time of the coming tax levy, and ask
them for a liberal appropriation to meet
the demands.: I have, every reason to be
lieve we will be treated fairly and liber
«ll,.»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1897.
JAPANESE REBEL
AT HONOLULU
Furious at the Strict En
forcement of Immigra
tion Laws.
Hundreds of Emigrants Not Al
lows;! to Set Foot on
Hawaiian Soil.
Tbs Islands Are Great y Dependent
oa the Japanese Authorities
for OrJer.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, March 23.— The
United States steamer Marion arrived ou
the 18th in nineteen days from San Diego,
to relieve the Alert. The Alert sailed ior
San Francisco on the 22d.
The final outcome of tho case of Japan
ese immigrants per Shinshin Maree was
the quiet departure of that steamer for
Japan on tho2oih. taking back with her
413 of the 670 immigrants she brought.
By the advice of the Japanese Consul-
General none but passive resistance was
made by thecautain or the immigrants to
the decisions ot the court and the Govern
ment, leaving the matter of redress to the
action of the Japanese Government.
The greatest excitement has prevailed
among the reiident Japanese, who are in
censed at this exclusion of their people,
although in conformity to regulations
which have previously been enforced upon
persons of other nationalities. A mass
meeting of Japanese was held on the even
ing of the 17th after the adverse decision
of the court. Although some intemperate
language was used the influence of Japan
ese officials prevailed to secure the passage
of a moderate resolution to state the facts
in the case to the Government of Japan
and abide by their decision.
Tfce feeling among all classes of whites
has been strong in favor of tirni action In
deporting all disqualified immigrants.
Strong language has been freely used
respecting an apprehended weakness
on the part of the Government
in carrying out the laws through
fear cf trouble with Japan. The Chinese
have also been gratitieit, boing in antipa
thy to the Japanese. On the other hand
the active section of the joyai party as
represented by certain native papers and
the independent are greatly displeased,
it being their hope after the Japanese be
come more numerous to enlist them in a
combination to restore monarchy under
the protection of Japan.
The proereas of the affair has been as
follows: The case of tne immigrants hav
ing been carried beiore the Supreme Court,
as previously reported, counsel on both
sides were heard by the court for several
days. On tne morninc of the 17th a unan
imous decision of the three Justices was
rendered sustaining the power of the Col
lector.
It wai held by the court that the treaty
right claimed lor the immigrants to con
sult and employ counsel uppiied only to
aliens actually resident, and not to those
still not landed, but only under examina
tion as to their right to land. The treaty
provisions apply only to judicial proceed
ings, and not to the executive proceedings
of the Deputy Collector. The act direct
ing the Deputy Collector to make the ex
amination conflicts with no treaty right
under the "most favored nation" clause,
because no discrimination is made by it
between subjects of different countries.
Especial r«-ference was made to a de
cision of the United States Supreme
<'ourt relating to the act of Congress of
March 3, 1891, which the Hawaiian statute
c osely follows, and which, like ours*, con
fers upon special officers the duty of in
spectinc all alien passengers and deciding
upon their right to land. The United
States court asserted the exclusive right
of such officer to decide the rigtus of
aliens to land, beyond interference by
other tribunal. Following the American
precedent, the Hawaiian court dismissed
the petition of th« Japanese immigrants
and remanded them to the control of the
Collect or- General.
On account of the strong feeling ex
hibited by the Japanese residents, in
which their Consul-General Shimamura
manifestly participated, it was deemed
best by the Government to institute a
fresh and more thorough investigation
into every individual case of the 535
immigrants rejected by the Deputy Col
lector.
This examination was conducted by H.
E. Cooper, Minister of Foreign Affairs,
and J. B. Castle, Collector-General, who,
during the 18th and 19th, did twenty-four
hours' hard work at ihe Quarantine, end
ing at midnight, when the last batch were
sent aboard. The Japanese Consul was
admitted to participate in the inquiry at
the beginning and later was allowed to
conduct inquiries independently and
apart. As a final result 122 of the 535
immigrants previously rejec:ed were al
lowed admission and 413 reshipped to
Japan, creat leniency being exercised in
the construction of evidence. A number
of cases were found where valid contracts
for labor appeared to have been made.
The leading souice of difference wai in
the construction placed upon the alleged
po^ses-uon ot $50 as required by law in the
case of tbo.se not entering as contract
laborer.-. Most ot *uch claimants exhib
ited the exact sum in their hands, either
in the form of two American gold twen
ties with one ten, or in that of Japanese
paper for 100 yen. Many of these had
freely admitted to the Deputy Collector
that the money was lent them to get
ashore with by the immigration agent, al
though on the final examination they all
declared that it had been given them by
relatives. This form of deception has long
been habitual. Not long since a white
man practicing it was reshipped to San
Francisco.
The recklessness and audacity in which
the Japanese differ from the careful and
orderly Chines-; causes much anxiety.
They are now kept, in order by the author
ity of their own officials. This makes us
dependent upon the Japanese authorities
in nn unpleasant degree.
Th? Sakura-Maru arrived from Japan on
the 20th with 316 more immigrants. The
authorities wore busy in investigating
their cases during the whole of the 21-«t
and 22d, witli the result that 153 were ad
mitted and 163 were rejected. These were
adjudged not to be bona-fide possessors of
the $50 required. They are to remain
here in charge of the Marshal, W. G. Ir
•rla <fe Co. giving bonds to return them to
Japan by the earliest opportunity.
Another batch of 500 immigrants is
learned to be on the way hither.
Btrona representations are being sent
to Japan *^y this mail denouncing as an
outrage the liberty taken by this Govern
ment in discriminating against any immi
grant who exhibits $50 in his possession.
In the case of every person rejecied, how
ever, the Collector has satisiactory evi
dence that he wan not in Dona-fide pos
session, but was under ooligation to repay
ihe loan to the agents as soon as he wa*
landed. The introduction to this city of
several hundred destitute Japanese every
week would be certain to cause more or
Jess severe distress in various ways.
Pacific toast Petition*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 3L—Pa
cific Coast pensions have been issued as
follows: Caiifornla: Original— Joseph S.
Small, Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles;
James E.ee L, Ilivcra ; Dwight S. Strong
Riverside; George Hass, Monson; Ed
ward McGrevy, Veterans' Homo, Napa.
Increas- — Isaac S. Suvdano, Soldiers'
Home. L)« Angeies. Original widows,
eta — Martha Thompson, Sauta Ana. Re
is-Mie — Jane H. Vandever, Ventura.
Oregon: Original widow, etc. — E'.iza J.
Tiobits, Cornelius. Mexican war widow
— Mary A. Thomas, O'egon City. Widow
Indian wars, special, March 23— Susan P.
Wallace, Wolf Creek.
Washington: Original— Francis G. Mel
lus, Interbay.
BEKBAGO GAXG MUST HAXG.
The frenutcnt Will Sot Interfere After
the Jtetpite Terminate*.
"WASHINGTON, D. C, March 31.— 1t is
understood here that the President Has
made up his. mind not to interfere further
in the matter of the execution of the J3er
raco gang at Santa Fe, N. M., after the ex
piration of the present respite.
A decision by the Attorney-General in
regard to the jurisdiction of the President
in the matter is that he has not rights in
the premises, and this may cause con
siderable embarrassment in criminal cases
in the Territory which may require a law
of Congress to rectify.
CHANDLER AFTER
THE CYCLONE
Continued from Tint Page.
Others injured: G. C. Niblack and F.
A. Niblack, bruised; John McCartney,
Uiam girls, Snm Hightower, Mr.Elhaney
family, \Voodyard. both arms broken ; W.
B. Herod, arm brofcen; Dr. Wolcott, eye
torn out; S. D. Decker, bruised; Thomas
Wilson, Wilson' 3 child, P. S. Hoffman,
arm crushed; W. M. Sawyer, C. D. Ray,
Mrs. Frank McGruw, Matt Reeve?, Mrs.
Saran Gillespie, Georpe Hendrickson.
JiI^JZZ Aims MM TUB WEST.
Aot a llherl in Motion on the 1 m»i of
Srrtiral af<tf<*«.
OMAHA, Nebb., March 31.— For the last
twenty-four hours hardly a wheel has
been turning on any railroad in Western
Nebraska, and the same condition applies
to districts in Colorado, Wyoming and
the Black Hill< of South Dakota.
TLe Union Pacific experienced the great
est trouble on the main line between Sid
ney and Laratnie. West-bound ext>ress
trains were stalled at Hillsdale, Wyo.,
until this afternoon, and the fast mail did
not succeed in getting away from Sidney
until to-night, a day late. The east-bound
flyer got as far as Red Buttes, Nebr., and
then was run back to Laramie, where it
was sidetracked until to-day noon.
The Rock Island's »-ast-bound limited
train w»& tied up at Limon, Colo.; Tues
day, and has not reached Omaha yet.
The west-bound fast train was also stalled
at Limon, together wiih the limited trains
from Kansas City and St. Joe. It is ex
pected that the rotary plows will get
through the drifts some time to-morrow.
On ;he Burlington the conditions were
very much the same. The limited which
left Lteuver Tuesday night got as far as
McCook, Neb., where it stuck in a drift.
The west-bound train was stalled at
Holdredge, Neb., and the local trains were
tied up all along the road. Not a train is
running on the Black Hills, Wyoming
and Montana division of the road.
The Elkhorn only suffered on its Black
Hills division, rli *ra<ns being abandoned
west of enaction, I'eb. Most of the tele
graph lines were down.
Sl. I nn it Oela a Cyclone !>rnrr.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March 3L— For
twenty-four hours the people of this city
have been apprehensive of another cy
clone. The local signal service had pre
dicted one and the atmospheric conditions
were favorable. At 6 P. M. a heavy thun
der and rainstorm came with a high wind.
There was much excitement and rumors
of disaster were current.
A number of fences, light structures and
swinging signals were blown away. The
Auditorium Hali, at Twelfth and Park
avenue, where McKinley was nominated
last summer, was blown down. It had
been partly" dismantled and the wind com
pleted the work.
.S.-..1J- City Ar/nin in the Swim.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, March 31.— Much
bottom land in the neighborhood of Sioux
City ia in the swim aeaim. A heavy rain
commenced here last night and has been
falJing ever since. Streams are greatly
swollen, and from further up the Big
Sioux and Missouri rivers reports of fresh
overflows are coming in. The streams
are rising hero to-day. From South
Dakota towns near here similar conditions
are reported. The Jim River is especially
troublesome about Vermilion. Many
miles of railroad track all over the section
are under water and trains will not be
running regularly again for many days.
Wind and Watrr in. Nebraska.
LINCOLN, Neb., March 31.— Reports
from southeastern and central Nebraska
tell of violent wind and rain storms ltst
night and this morninsr. At Friend, in
Saline County, the precipitation amounted
to a cloudburst, three inches of water
falling in a short time, flooding the City
Hall and other bail lings and drowning
some live slock. In Gage County there
was wind of sufficient force to demolisn
sheds, unroof buildings and carry away
windmill?. A number of houses were
struck by lightning;, but no lataiities are
reported.
Knnunt Fannrfi fci/ o Gentle Z'pht/r.
FLORENCE, Kans., Marcn 31.— A se
severe windstorm between 5 and 6 o'clock
last night unrroofed a portion of the Santa
ta roundhouse, blew down several wooden
buiiding and blew boxcars from the
tracks. Great Bend reports a hea7y wind,
accompanied by hnil and rain.
At Haven boxcars were blown from the
rainoad tracks. Barton reports a very
heavy wind, which wrecked several small
buildings and blew cars from the tracks.
Telegraph service throughout the State is
badly crippled.
The Mimaurl I.'atnp in Youth Dakota.
VERMILION, S. D., March 31.— The
Missouri River opposite this point raised
lour feet last Bight as a result of the
breaking up of the Jim River. The Mis
souri has been rising at the rate of an
inch an hour to-day, and more trouble on
ihe bottom land« is feared. Railroad
traffic has been cnrtailed on account of
the great washouts between Red
iieid and Mitchell. A heavy rain has
been ialiing here ail day, making raihoad
traffic next to impossible.
Aol n Court- Marital Case.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 31.—
Secretary Long has received the record
and recommendations of the court of in
quiry which has been investigating the
monitor Puritan and tbe conduct ol that
vessel's officers on their recent cruise from
Charleston to New York, when the Co
lu rub; a had to be sent to the scene. It is
understood that no court-martial cf her
officers is advised.
MASONS MOURN
AT RADER'S GRAVE
The Los Angeles Ex- Mayor
Buried With Solemn
Ceremony.
Services in Honor of the Dead
B^gin at the Midnight
Hour.
Hundreds of People View the Body
as It L'es in State in the
Cathedral.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 31.— More
impressive ceremonies tha.i those con
ducted by the Scottish Rite Masons last
night over the body of the late ex- Mayor
Franfc Rader were never held in this city.
He had been one of the few to attain the
tnirty-third degree in the order, and to
his clay his brethren paid the highest
honor prescribed by the ritual.
The body was removed yesterday after
noon from the residence to the Masonic
Temple, where it was received by a Scot
tish Rile guard of honor, consisting of six
Knights of Kadosh. This guard remained
on duty until 9 o'clock this morning.when
it was succeeded by a guard of Knights
Templar from Los Angeles Coramandery.
The ritual provides tbat the ceremonies
shall begin ut midnight, and the cathe
dral chapel wss crowded by members and
relatives of the deceased.
The following officers were in charge of
the ceremonies: Arthur BrooKman, vener
able master; George Sinsabaugh, senior
warden ; Charles Campbell, junior warden ;
J. L. Pakovich, secretary ; S. Conradi,
treasurer; William Luudberg, expert; Dr.
W. S. Orme, almoner; G. J. Van Alstine,
assistant expert; Henry liaer, master of
ceremonies; J. R. Dapuy, orator.
The services began with the entrance of
the Scottish Rite members, each bearing a
lighted taper. The knights arranged
themselves in a semi-circle about the
casket Arthur Brookman, master, began
the services.
This morning the doors of the cathedral
were thrown open and the body lay in
state until 12 o'clock and was viewed by
large numbers of people. The funeral
«ervics this afternoon was held at the
Temple and conducted by Dr. Thomson of
Unity Church, under the auspices of
Southern California Lodge No. 27H, F. and
A. M., Los Angeles Comniandery. Knights
Templar, acted as escort to Kosenale
Cemetery. The final services, according
to the Masonic rites, at the grave were at
tended by a large gathering, the funeral
cortege being of the largest witnessed here
in years.
. The pallbearers were: Maior George H.
Bonebrake, Frank A. Gibson, Mayor M.
P. Snyner. C. W. Hinchliffe, C. W. Flint,
W. H. Workman, A. E. Pomeroy and J.
A. Henderson.
HIS WIFE A SV&SDIHRIXI.
'« Say* Merchant Shrtcard in Explain
ing Mis Jttaolretiey.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 31.— J. T.
Sheward. a pioneer merchant of this city,
begins to realize that "One woe doth tread
upon another's heel, so fast they follow."
After years of domestic turmoil, Sheward
was divorced from his wife a few weeks
ago. He has now been forced to make
assignment for the benefit of his creditors.
He blames Ms late wife for Ms present
misfortune, saying;
"Mrs. Shewaru has by the circulation of
reports detrimental to my business stand
ing and general character laid the ground
for my present sitnation. She made it her
business to go to the bank where I did my
business and where I nave always had the
highest standing and state that I was
destined to become bankrupt. She has
also bandied about the streets all sorts of
stories having no foundation except in
her own imagination. I was thrown out of
my own house by her and forced to deed
it to her. This property alone cost me
$18,000. The household expenses at my
home through her extravagance have run
as high as $7500 per year."
lo San Qnentin for Forgery.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 31 Nor
man Lewis was to-day sentenced to tive
years in San Quentin for forgery. He was
traced to San Pedro by a police detective
who awaitnd his arrival to identify him.
At night Lewis rowed out and met a
steamer and escaped to Santa Ana, where
he wns arrested tho iollowing day. He
pleaded guilty to three charges.
Accuied of Violating Election Lain.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 31.— Prank
A. Goodall, a farmer of Calabaaas, is re
ported to have acted as a judge of election
during the last Presidential election with
out appointment by the Board of Super
visors or being selected by bystanders
about the polls. The District Attorney is
investigating, as the offense is a felony.
Santa Anna Olnry Output.
LOS ANGELES, Cat,., Marcn 31.— The
celery season at Santa Ana is closed. The
shipments for the season were slightly in
access of 225 carloads. This is more than
double the amount of last year, and the
celery men promise to double this output
in IS9S.
Fined for Striking a Stinitter.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 31— Sam
Adams, well known in political circles,
was to-day fined $30 by Judge Smith for
assaulting Rev. C. C. McLean at the Re
publican County Coveution last tall.
Adams pleaded guilty.
B VREK. A JIAM'S Alt yJsJfT CRB.
Rescued by a Life-Saving Crew Front
" Heath in the Surf.
. EUREKA. CaW March 31.— John
Johnson of the Government jetties had
a narrow escape from drowning on Mon
day night. He brought Lieutenant Meyler
to town in a sailboat and was on his way
to the south jetty. Tne bay near the en
trance was very boisterous and was break
in? quite hich. A bis sea struck his boat
and carried away its mast. . Tho : next sea
then ; overturned the craft and left him
struggling in the water. He managed to
reach the overturned boat and bung on as
best he could. Persons on shore saw his
peril ana gave the alarm. The life-saving
crew hastened to his rescue with a life
boat. Their speed was impeded by rough
water, and while they were plowine
through the waves Johnson was washed
from bis boat four times, but he kept up
and was taken into the lifeboat ten min
utes after the alarm was given.
J JPJt IX FOOL. AT BACRAMEXXO.
Hold 2 Mere* /re >p<- With $50 Jhrough
' a C/«r«r Jtute. " •'■
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. April L— At
1 o'clock this moraine two men entered
the saloon, of : P. G. Wermuth on X street
just as the bartender was locking the rear
door. 'One jumped over the bar, grabbed
$50 from the c.ish register and flea from
the ,. ';, saloon, , the ;. bartender in - pursuit.
Across the ? trtet stood seven members of
the athletic club, and the thieves ran into
their midst almost before they saw them.
Shaking the money in the faces of the
crowd, they said: "It's only an April
fool josh, boys." And they were allowed
to pass on, and escaped in the darkness.
Z,nnr* Station Child Hurried to Heath.
FRESNO, Cal., March 31.— Percy Lane,
the little sen of Mr. and Mrs. Edward B.
Lane of Lanes Station on the San
Joaquin River, died last Monday night
from bums received over a week ago by
overturning a lamp at the residence of
W. \V. Phillip?. The lad was playing
around a tabie and knocked the lamp
over, and the flames were communicated
to his clothing. The littlo fellow suffered
great agony before his death.
Santa liarbara Election.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., March 31.—
special election was held in this city to
day to choose a Councilman for the Fourth
Ward. The candidates were: D. F. Hunt,
J. M. Holloway, Louis Brook 3 and Ru
nolpn Mayer. The result was as follows:
Total number of votes cast 362; for Hunt
144, for Holloway 101, for Brooks 82, for
Mayer 3L Four votes were thrown out.
>rrrf Mot Mop at J'ort Totr ;n end.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 31.— The re
port that Nippon Yusen Kaisha's steam
ship Sakura Maru left Yokohama without
a clean bill of health is untrue, nays Amer
ican Agent Griffiths. There were some
irregularities in the Sabura's papers, but
according to Griffiths' advices these were
rectified, obviating any necessity for a
quarantine at Port Townsend.
Krnnd'j Seizure* at Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., March 31 —Five more
barrels of brandy mado from figs was
seized in the A. F. Tenney Canning Com
pany's dißtillery yesterday by the Deputy
Internal Revenue Collector. It nail gone
through only one distillation. It is un
derstood the Tenney Company will claim
thai the ligs are berries, from which
brandy can be legally made.
Killed on a Medding Street.
REDDING, Cal., March 31.— Thomas
Anderson, a prominent fruit-raiser of
Happy Valle3 T , was killed instantly to-day
at noon on Reddiag's main street, in a
runaway accident. The runaway was
caused by a horseman riding at- break
neck speed through the streets.
Sn tide a Death at Merced.
MERCED, Cal., Mnrcn 31. — Matilde
Frye, aged about 70 years, a new-comer to
Merced, was found dead in her bed this
morning. She complained of not feeling
well yesterday, but her indisposition was
not thought to be serious. It is supposed
death was caused by heart disease.
Eel him- Surrender* lt» Dead.
EUREKA, Cal.. March 31.— The body
of Mr». H. P. Miller, who witn her son,
was drowned in Eel River early in Feb
ruary, was found at the mouth of Eel
River on the ocean beach yesterday. The
body of the boy has not been recovered.
JFrott in. i-l Cajon Fallen.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. March 31.— Heavy
frosts this morning in El Cajon Valley
damaged the raisin beds somewhat and
may shorten the crop. The frost was un
precedented for this time of year and
found vineyards entirely unprotected.
UiU Ituiid at San Uleyo.
SAN DIEUO. Cal., March 31.— J. W.
Sefton <fc Company of Terra Haute, Ind.,
will next week beein the erection of an
immense brick block to cost $150,000, on
1013 adjoining the Fisher Opera-house.
Major VeLaughlin Coming Some.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 31.—
Major Frank McLaaehlin of California
leaves for home to-night.
Twenty million acres of the land of the
United States are held, by Englishmen.
■^jwuwu- — NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
my jf!^"* •^"' r '~"' BmiioßS •••'«v«, l . | '«ii"'!r.-|(ii
Ct X.85 LATEST SPRING &
O ■""" SUMMER SUITS
All wool, in the very nattiest of the new
shades. Single and double breasted sacks.
Made up elegantly after the latest fashion
plates. Lined well and sewed well
throughout. Three times the money can-
not buy better suits anywhere. 1
Only a few of these suits. If you
want one, come quick. . Sale lasts till
Saturday night — if the stock holds out
that long.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
■ (COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
541 Market Street,
; Directly Opposite Sansome.
BORDER JUSTICE
AT CIRCLE CITY
Disputes Between Citizsns
Settled at Miners'
Meetings.
Captain Healey Loses a Case and
Pays $4000 in Cash to tin
Winner.
Rough Men of the Yakon Adjudicate
Differences Ov^r a Vosse.'s
Management.
TACOMA, Wash., March 31. — There
being no courts ai Circle City all serious
differences of opinion are settled by min
ers' meetings, which are frequently held.
Recently a miners' meeting decreed that
a white man should marry an Indian
woman whom the evidence showed he had
wronged. There was no chance for ap
peal and the wedding speedily took place.
The latest Yukon mail brings news that
Captain Dixon, commanding the North
American Trading :.nd Transportation
Company's river steamer P. B. Weara,
gave dissatisfaction to Captain Healey,
the company's manager at Circle City,
while in winter quaners with the boat,
and was discharged. Cap.am Dixon de
manded his salary for the period covered
by his contract, which Captain lleaiey re
fused to pay. Thereupon Dixon appealed
to a miners' meeting. Captain Healey re
quested that the trial be by jury. This
request was acceded to and a jury was
impaneled and proceeded to try the case.
Evidence on both sides was carefmly sifted
and finally a verdict was found in lavor of
Captain Dixon for $4000. Captain Healey
paid the amount at once and it was
handed over to Dixon, leas the costs of
tne suit.
31 ARE IbLAMt CllAXftrS.
Civil Engineer Maxon Ordered to the.
League. land Yard.
VAL.LKJO, Cal , March 31.— An order
was received from the Navy. Department
this afternoon detaching Civil Engineer
Frank O. Mazon from Mare Inland yard
on the 30:h of April and ordering him to
the League Island yard. His relief will
be Civil Engineer Robert E. Peary. Civil
Engineer Maxon enme to this yard as the
successor of Civil Engineer C C. Wilcoit
in October, 1890, and nas therefore been
on duty for six and a half years. His suc
cessor, Robert E. Peary, is" a new man to
this station, but is highly spoken of. He
is a native of Maine, and was appointed
to the service in 1891, the same year in
which Mr. Maxon entered the service.
JFwno Crop* Slightly Damaged.
FRESNO, Cat,., March 31.— J. F. Me-
Donald, the County Horticultural Com
missioner, made a tour of the vineyards
to-day to see what damage the frost of the
past two mornings nad caused. He be
lieves that it will amount to considerable.
Apricot* ana peaches suffered from the
freeze. The vines ami trees had just begun
budding and the frost nipped them, hin
dering their growth for a couple of weeks
34
MINERS FLOCKING
TOWARD BALLARAT
Mushroom Growth of fee
New, Camp on the
Desert.
Bustling Town Where There
Were but Two Buildings
Tea Days Ago.
Randsburg Rivaied by the Panamint
' District as a Mecca lor
Prospectors
RANDSBURG, Cal., March 31.-During
the past two weeks many leading citizens,
prospectors and miners have caught the
Panamint fever. Two gentleraeu, on their
return from Panarnint yesterday, counted
forty teams and outfits on the road to the
new mires. Ten days ago there were only
two wooden buildings and two tents at
Ballarat, the new mining camp of the
desert. To-day there are seventeen, and
a general store, Wd yard and two saloons
are doing a thriving business.
Eight miles east of Ballarat, in Pleas
ant Canyon, another camp has been
started, and it has its store, feed yard and
saloon. Town sites are already laid oui at
both places and town lots are being sold
at from $10 to |7S ecch. An abundance of
water and mesqait timber is at hand. In
the mountains near by are great quanti
ties of pinon pine. The climate is similar
to that at Randsburc, and tents answer
very well lor the protection of the gold
seekers.
Montgomery Urothers and Longford
liave a group of nineteen mines, which are
bonded to San Francisco capitalists. Two
of the group— the World Beater and the
Elephant — are now being worked. Four
drifts or tunnels in the World Beater
?now high-grade free- milling ore. The
top level starts in on a four-foot vein that
increases to seventeen feet at a distance of
sixty feet. In a 120-foot drift in the Ele
phant there is a well-defined ledge of high
grade free-milling ore. The vein is six
feet wide on top and fourteen feet at a
depth of forty feet. A clean-up irom a six
days' run with a small Bryan raiil of ten
tons a day capacity netted $7000. Forty
live men are employed at $2 a day and
board each.
Many transfers are being made in the
new Panamint country. Two weeks ago
a Spaniard named Valencia discovered a
ledge and immediately sold his claim to
San Francisco capitalists for $15,000. The
purchasers have in turn sold it to a Chi
cago syndicate. Another prospector
(Charles White) sold his claim for $6000.
H. S. Meyer, a Tulare capitalist, has
bonded a group of six claimß adjoining the
Montgomery property, also two water
rights.
The principal camps are located in
Pleasant, Tuber, Jail and Happy canyons.
About eighty men are now employed in
tne severrl mines. Owing to the great
distance from Mojave (120 miles) hay is
worth $45 a tons. All other goods and
provisions are proportionately high. Pros
j ectors must necessarily be well supplied
with money and provisions.
In the Rademacher district there is
much activity in mining. Forty-seven
camps have been established. Consider
sble work is being done on Dr. Echafer's
mine, and aiso on the Rademacher, Louis
Riggs', McKinney Brothers' and the
O'Connor and Rutherford properties.
A couple of arastas are being run in that
district. At present most of the ore is
being shipped to Kernville. A Hunting
ton mill is now being erected at Higgens'
Wells, which will be of great benefit to the
mine»fid ciaim-ownersof the Rademacher
uistrict. This district is blessed with
plenty of water, it being found at a dis
tance of thirty feet beneath the surface.
Heretofore tl.e Argus district has al
ways been considered as a silver-bearing
country, but late discoveries are showing
up well in goid. The output from this
district is shipped to Pueblo and Kern
ville.
Slate Range is forty-one miles north of
Randsburp, and it is coming to the front.
New and valuable discoveries are being
made there every aay. A number of good
mines are in active operation. The Otto
is shipping very .-rood ore and the Bennett
in -bowing up well; Several arastas, be
Bides two small mills, are in operation in
this district
WASHINGTON STATE'S LOSS.
Evidence. Tnat the Commonwealth Was
Defrauded in the Sa/e of
Tide lands.
SEATTLE. Waph., March 31.—Commis
sioner Bridges has tmeurtued a scheme in
the State Land Oflice to-day wherain the
commonwealth was robbed of $144,258 08
in the saie of two blocks of tidelands on
the water front of this city.
In September tut the Land Commis
sion executed two contracts of sale for the
Jand in question, the stipulated purchase
price being $j. r i7tj. but it transpires that
the records were not. permitted to reveal
the transaction until two months after tlie
contracts had been issued. On November
4 the Commercial Company, io which
concern the instruments were made out,
H<siened the contracts to the Northern
I'acific Railroad Company, being paid
$149,834 0& On NoveniDer~J> the Tideland
Commission approved the assignment,
tiius allowing the "dummy" Commercial
Company to sell (without having put up
a dollar) less than ninety days later, for
$14!>,t<34 08 land for which the State of
Washington received $65T8.
*\d USAZI2O i) I ! l( 1 A /..> RJkjFtJjEty.
Jilaeksmith on the J'elrel I.*a\e* Credi
tor* in the lurch.
bAUSALITO, Cal, March .11. — E. Nagle,
a blacksmith on the United Slates cruiser
Petre), sailed away for .Japanese waters
with the vessel to-day and left behind him
a few creditors in Sausahto who nave
made every effort to serve documents upon
him so that he wonid be compelled to set
tle iiia little accounts or foreuo the pleas
ure of a six years' cruise in the Orient.
Town Marshal Creed has kept a silent
vigil at tne landing where the Petrel's
small boats nave discharged their passen
eers, but not a sign of the elusive bluck-
Biniti) could he catcu.
in an affidavit liied in Recorder i'ryor'B
court A. Sylva, to whom the claims
against Nagie were assigned, says ihat he
i> informed that the defendant has openly
avowed that he was going away with the
Petrel for six years and would not pay the
demands of the Sausalito creditors. Mr.
Sylva asked that the court make an order
so that Nagle could not carry out hiß
threat. The court made the order and
Marshal Creed still has it, while Nagle is
«n the waters of the Pacific Ocean slightly
outside of the jurisdiction of the outwitted
officials of Sausalito.
STAMFORD'S '97 GRADUATES.
Names of Candidates Who Will Receive
Digraes Thts Year Are Posted at
the University.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal..
March 31.— The candidates for graduation
in May were posted on the register bulle
tin board this morning. The list was sub
jected to close ecrutiny, as several were
"on the anxious seat." One of the uni
versity regulations affecting this list pro
vides that after to-day no name can be
added to it and no person not on this list
will be considered as a candidate for grad
uation in May. A number of the students
received their degrees in January. One
hundred and eighteen are on the list for a
bachelor of arts degree. The candidates
for graduation are as follows:
In Greek— Fred L. Duller.
In Latin— William C. Bronco, \V. J. Dunstan,
Nettie E. HinUry, Grace C. Morgan. J. P.
Nourse, George H. Roacb, Rose P. Smith,
Mary c. Webster, Lulu Whiting.
In German— E. H. Bierman, Ciara Eberhard,
C. A. Knoch, Dora K. Moody.
In English— Edith L. Bold, Bertha M. Braly,
Susan M. Bristol, Alice M. Colt, Margaret
Deming, Maude Flint, Miriam Frank, Mary
ireemau, George K. Furbosh, Maude A. Green,
Elizabeth Hervey, Annie C. Hervey, Edward
ML Ilulme, Laura G. .Tames Mary F. Leddy,
Laura L. Mann, Lottie M. Manzer, Jennie J.
Peery. Charlotte Phillip*, Jessie A. Ryan, W.
B. WelU, Harlan C. Smith.
In education — J. 8. Cotton, Grace Doughty,
George M. Green. Alice Jordan, L. B. Mallory,
.John T. McManis, David S. Snedden, Lena C.
Young.
In history— Roy P. Bullard, F. E. Bump. F.
I. Burcham, J. T. Burcham, Urtha B. Fielder,
Maud L. Grieb, Ada E. Herold, Evans Hol
brook, Merte Johnson, Edith M. Jordan, B O
ICinney, F. \V. Lake, Miriam K. Maclaren. \\.
C Price. Helen Younger.
In economics— E. 11. Arnold, J. W. Bell, H.
C. Hazzard, A. S. Hiatt, Alex T. Hosmer,
Agnes E. Uowe, Clement E. Jordan, J. R.
Nourse, B. ML Palmer, William W. Price, H. R.
Straight, Charles L. Thompson, J. H. Timmons.
In law— George W. Gnrrett, William P. Gif
ford, R. T. O'Neil, John M. Ross.
In mathematics— Mollie s. Bloom, B. T. Con
dray, Carl Gundersen.
In physics— A. L. G. Gundersen, Perley G.
Nutting.
In chemistry— P. A. Allaire, George H. Bald
win, 11. Nakumura, 11. C. Turner.
In hygiene and organic training— William
W. Davis.
In physiology— Annie M. Allen, M. M. Blake,
F. C. Matnews, B. Thomas, L. 11. Redon, T. M.
Williams.
In zoology— George B. Culver, J. (). Snyder.
In geology— H. T. Poiudexur, John B. Rice.
In drawing— Fannie IJ. Mitchell.
In civil engineering — c. S.Burns, Henry Z.
Osborne Jr., Charles S. Pope. Minot T. Praii.
In mechanical engineering— diaries J. Dul
ley, Chris Hcnne, Fred Jost, Everett P. Leslie,
Bertram N. Young
In electrical engineering— C. F. Aaron, John
D. Boyd. G. T. Brandt Jr., Frank L. Entli:r,
George B. Greenleaf, Charles E. Hogle, Adolph
Q. Kauiman, I- rank t?. Leacn, Horace Pomeroy,
Edward G. Robinson, George 11. bampsun, W.
H. Workman Jr.
1 LiiAl. lA.Si.iLf. AT CAJiSOy.
Mavis- Jones Ainmit Cate Assumes a
Queer Phase.
CARSON, New, March 31.— S. P. Davis,
editor of the Appeal, to-day tiled a com
plaint against Charles Jones, United
States District Attorney for Nevada,
charging him with an assault with brass
knuckles. " The complaint was sworn to
before United States Commissioner Ed
wards, who was at a loss as to how to act.
He has no right to issue a warrant unless
directed to do so by the United States
District Attorney. Judge Hawley when i
consulted declined to give any advice on
the subject, as he would probably have to
try the case if it came up. ■'. Mr. McGowan
then telegraphed to United States '. Attor
ney-General Joseph McKenna, setting
forth the fact that the United States Dis
trict Attorney had been charged with a
felony and that the commissioner wished
instructions before acting. It is possible
that a reply will be received to-morrow.
I'niim Depot /'or Santa Clara.
SAN JOSE, Cai... March 31.—Superin
tendent J. L. Frazier and a corps of engi
neers of the Southern Pacific Construction
Company spent yesterday at Santa Clara
looking over the ground preparatory to
building a union depot. The narrow and
broadgange depots are within a few hun
dred yards of each other, and it is pro
posed to change t:.e tracks and have the
two roads use one building. An expendi
ture of about $5000 will be required if the
proposed plan is carried out.
Tired. Upon by Prowler*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 31— Walter P.
Barth of 54 North Eleventh street had a
narrow escape from beintr murdered about
12 o'clock last night. As lie was entering
his home he noticed two men in the barn
in the renr of the yard. He accosted them,
and one responded with a pistol shot.
The buliet passed through Barth's hat,
just grazing his head. The men then tied
over a bacn fence. No trace of them could
be found by the police.
Convinced of Strong* lunnnity.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 31.— Judge Hy
land to-day denied the writ of habeas
corpus sued out for the release of Stuart
B. Strong from Agnews Asylum. It was
claimed that Strong was ihe victim of a
conspiracy and was unlawfully restrained
of hii liberty. Dr. Hatch testified that
Strong was insane and had homicidal and
suicidal tendencies. He was committed
from Los Angeles in 1892.
Sent to a Jte/orm School.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 31.— John
Ciravegua, who, with his brother Peter,
placed dynamite on the railroad track
near Murphys station, has been com
mitted to the Whittier Reform School.
The charge of train-wrecking against the
boys wa3 dismissed, and the younger one
discharged from custody, as it was shown
he was an unwilling witness to the act.
John Ciravegua Is 1G years of age.
Vo Streetcar Patn«» in Tacotna.
TACOMA, Wash., March 31.— The sale
of the Tacoma Railway Motor Company
to Howard 0. Revis of Schenectady, New
York, representing a majority of the bond
holders, was conlirmed in the Federal
court to-day. Revis, as manager, promptly
issued an order to conductors to reiuse
to recognize streetcar passes. No more
passes will be issued and the City Council
men will herealter have to walk or pay
their nickel.
Ihe Philadelphia nt Han tH'ao.
FAN DIEC.O, Cat,., March 31.— The flag
ship Philadelphia, Admiral Beardslee
aboard, arrived in port, ten days trora
Guatemala, to-day. She will remain
iiiitil about the 20. b inst., before proceed
ing north as the escort of the monitors
Monterey and Monadnock, which have
been liere for several months. The train
ing-ship Adams will sail fur Magdalena
Bf>y. on the Mexican coast, on Friday
morning.
fmrtland ftoctt,r f.xonrr at -<l.
PORTLAND, Ok., March .'sl.— The Cor
oner's jury investigating the mysterious
death of Mr*. Anna Sittal for the ds«i
two days to-day exonerating D<\ Hoff
mann, the attending physician, from all
blame.
Jtrhenriny for »» <t h < nq : on. Murderers.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 31. — The
Supreme Court has granted a rehearing
in the matter of the petition for a new
trial in the case of John and James
McCanu, sentenced to bo hanged for the
murder of Joseph Cisera.
Xnilt for Hello. ( oola.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 31.— Ihe
steamer Edith left to-night for the north
to rescue the wrecked Willapa's passen
gers at Bella Coola and take tnem to
Juneau and Dyea.
AJVVAKCKB made on furniture and pianos with
or without removal. > >oonau, 1017-1073 Misslou.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, APRIL |, 1897.
HIS SIGNATURE
MAKES THEM LAW
Governor Budd < Has Ap
proved a Big Batch
of Bills.
One Is a Claim for Killing
Train- Robber. Morgan Near
Davisville.
Appropriations for Ycsemite Valley
Buildings an.l Various State
'■■ Deficiencies.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 31.—Gov
ernor Budd has affixed his signature 10
the following list of bills :
Assembly bills: No. 208— Deficiency South
ern Insane Asylum, $8748.
No. 209 — Claims of the estate of R. J.
Broughien.
No. 210— Claim of W. C. Conroy, Sheriff.
No. 211— 51640, deficiency of Bureau of
Labor Statistics. < .. :K' ?
No. 212— Pay claim of Charles Phipps.
No. 214— Claim of Peter Flaherty lor meals
for National Guard daring the strike.
No. 108— 520,000 for support of Southern In
sane Asylum,
No.'2lß— Pay claim of Frank Lombard.
No. 219— Deficiency of forestry station, $899.
No. 220— Claim of W. C. Farnsworth.
, No. 221— Claim of George A. Parker.
No. 222— Claim of George A. Parker.
' No. 223— Claim of E. F. Ingles lor killing
Robber Morgan on the Southern Pacific Bail'
road train near Davisville, Yolo County.
No. 225— Claim of C. S. Merrill.
No. 220— Claim of William McDonald.
No. 228— Claim of Charles Daggett.
No. 230— Claim of the estate oi A. J. Bogard.
No. 231— Claim of W. M. Hondrleks.
No. 235— Claim of Cassasa's band.
No. 23G— Deficiency of the Railroad Com
iui loners.
No. 237— Claim of W. J. Deater.
No. 23S— Claim of G. A. Sturtevant
No. 239— Claim for Code Commission ex
pense*.
No. 241— Funeral of Dana Perkins, State
librarian. $1102.
No. 217— Deficiency of the Board of Health.
No. 242— Claim of R. L. Peeler.
No. 243— Claim of Dlerssen & Co.
' No. 250— Funeral expenses of ; Lieutenant- .
Governor Millard. $1118.
No. 288— Repairs of furniture at State Cap
itol, $5000.
No. 2«2— Claim of George E. Lawrence.
No. 303— Launch for Fish Commissioners,
$1500.
No. 318— Claim of J. F. Kidder, Debris Com
missioner.
No. 340— Claim of B. Bennett.
No. 382 — Repeals ond amendments to sec
tions of Penal Code relating to fish laws.
No. 385— Amending section 2043 of Political
Code relating to duties of Board of Super
visors respecting remds.
No. 437— Claim of W. M. Millllten.
No. 646— Claim of James B. Hicks.
No. 61)1— Establish State Lunacy Commis
sion.
Xo 727— Establish agricultural districts.
730— Forming and governing irrigation <!ls
trlcis.
735— Claim of Charles Nelson.
91U— Providing for organization and gov
ernment of drainage districts.
042— Provide for examination of Indian
war claims and $1500 salary for cierk.
977— Amend Code of Civil Procedure.
983— Act rela:ing to elections and charters.
!t;>o— Tax levy.
5-^3— Relating to the Home for Feeble
minded Children.
Senate bill.-: S9— Erection of dairy bureau,
Southern California Insane Asylum, $2995.
137— Adding new section to Political Code
relating to road commissioners.
2O. r >— Pay Morced Sun claim.
litil— Purchase Markham portrait.
271— Claim of Tribune Printing Company
303— Claims of \Y. ft. Foote and R. (.;. Hayne
$20,000. '
aoa— Claim oi Deaf and Dumb and Blind
Asylum.
380— Claim of Bank Commissioners.
495— Amending seeiiun of Political Code re
lating to insurance companies.
503— Relating to disincorporatlon of irrigat
ing districts where there is no bonded indebt
edness.
516— Amend section 1885 of Political Code.
503— D Hcieneyof Preston School, $4500. ;
004— Repeal of an, act taxing the stock of
corporations.
U2o— lmprovement of Yosemite Valley build
in*, $8000.
Promote horticulture Interests.
Claim of fcouthern Pacific Company,
costs suit, $0025. iui>»«y,
719— Claim of J. P. Bransford.
SANTA CRUZ FISHERMEN LOST.
Of Three Crews Only One Has Returned
and a Searching Forty Puts
Out to Sea.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., March 31. —Of
three fishing-boats that left here yester
day lor fishing-grounds up the coast only
one returned to-day. Fears are expressed
that the others may have met disaster in
a storm at sea. Joe Bulna and Charles
Stndeman returned from near Davenports
Landing to-night. They had a perilous
trip. King Chace, To m and Joe Amaya and
Stephen Cano are in one boat. Antone
Silva Buptiste in the other boat is thought
to be at sea unless rescued or v.nltss he
has made a landing at Pigeon Point.
Their friends and families are on the
wharf to-night waiting and hoping for
their return. Breakers are beaming high
and hard against the wharf. The pilot
boat Bouita, Captain Castle, with Blir.ker
Murphy, Sip Bettman and Senator Hen
derson, put out to sea at 5:10 o'clock this
evening and may have picked up the
wanderers.
Av>ful it mth of a fortuna Child.
EUREKA, Cal., March 31.— At Fortuna
on Saturday the little three-year-old
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Martin,
met with a sad accident. Mrs. Martin
had poured some boiling water into a tub
which was upon a bench or chair. The
little child, while its mother was not look
ing, caught hold of the tub and pulled it
over on Herself. The hot water com
pletely cotered the child's body. This
happened st 10 o'clock on Saturday morn
ing. A physician was summoned and the
child was treated by him, but it could not
survive the shock and died on Sunday
after suffering intense agony.
Redwood <:ity ltrception
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., March 31.— The
General George S. Kvans Post of the
Woman's Reiief Corps gure a reception
and dance in Odd Fellows' Hall last night.
The occasion of the gathering was a lare
well reception to Mrs. Harvey Snow, a
past president of the local order, who is
about to remove to Oakland. Mrs. Snow
was presented with a handsonic brooch
set with diamonds. The presentation
speech was made by Mrs. Geraldine Fns
bic. president ol the local post. A select
programme was rendered by home talent,
after which refresnments were served.
Sacramento Art Jixttibit.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 31.— The
twelfth annual exhibition of the Sacra
mento School of Design was held this
evening at the Crocker Art Gallery, and
despite the storm raging drew an immense
concourse of people. Over 400 studies by
pupils were.huni^for inspection, many pos
sessing great merit and reflecting credit
upon the faculty. Some of these studies
were exhibited at tne Century Club in San
Francisco by special request.
Storjn'm Jsurnc at Eureka.
EUREKA, Cal., March 31.— Telegraphic
communication with the outside world
has been cat off since Sunday morn mj»,
when tlio big storm struck this aectioo.
Snow and hafl, with wind blowing at
forty-five miles an hour, continued for
thirty-four hours. Fences were blown
down and several houses were partially
unroofed. The snow is still quite deep in
the mountains. The telegraph wires were
put into working order to-day.
SUNSET DISTRICT STRIFE.
Suit Brought to Oust KcWhirter and
Martin From Positions on the
Directorate.
FRESNO. Cal., March Si.— The trouble
in the Sunset Irrigation District between
the two factions which cannot agree as to
whether the irrigation scheme snail be
carried out has assumed a new phase.
Yesterday John Curtin brought suit in
the name of the people against Milton
McWhirter and L. h. Martin to oust them
from the board of directors, lo which they
were recently ejected. The election was
held on February 6 and five directors were j
chosen. The plaintiff alleges that Milton !
McVvhirter is not entitled to the office
because he has not been a resident of the
district for some time and Lias not coin*
plied with certain requirements con
nected with the assumption of the cilice.
The complaint against Martin, the other
director, is similar to that against Mc-
Whirter.
The Sunset Irrigation District appears
to be in a bad way. The people who com
prise it are divided into two factions of
about equal strength, a.nd the feeling, is
very bitter.
NOTES OF THE THEATERS.
Mrs. Russ Whytai's Pretty Act
ing in "For Fair
Virginia."
Osbourne's Strong Death Scene in
"New Blood" — Some Coining
Concerts-
A very pretty and interesting story of
war times is "For Fair Virginia," in
which Mr. and Mrs. Itu«s Whytal are ap
pearing at the Columoia Theater. There
is nothing pretentious about the play, but
it teils a natural story in a simple and
effective way.
The two characters who stand out as de
lightful bits of character acting are Mrs.
Whytai's Nell Esmond, the Yankee Rirl,
and Miss Lottie Briscoe'a portrayal of
little Julian Esmond. The rest of the
cast is good and the play is artistically
staged.
"For Fair Virginia" will run all next
week.
The pretty drama, "His Grace de Gram
mont," will receive its last production at
the Baldwin Theater to-morrow. Satur
day Otis Skinner will play Hamlet, which
is considered one of his most successful
roles.
The scenes of Otis Skinner's new roman
tic play, which he will present the major
portion of next week at the Baldwin
Theater, are laid in italy at the beginning
of tha sixteenth century, at the time of
the second invasion of that country by the
French. The play is called "A Soldier of
Fortune," and is from the pen of the actor
himself.
The strongest scene in "New Blood" at
the Alcazar is Courtland Crandall's death,
when up to the last moment be hesitates
about signing an unjust will, and finally
tears it to ribbons just before breathing
his last. George Osbourne, wboplayb the
role, dies in so realistic and grewionie a
manner that the audience insists on hav
ing the curtain up again and again at the
end of the act.
The cast of "New H.ood" is a long one,
embracing twenty- two characters, all
tolJ. Most of the parts are effectively
filled, and the play is going very smoothly.
'The Dago" is drawing well at the
Grand. Its sensational scenes are start
ling and have some of the spice of novelty,
and the songs and specialties introduced
are aii clever.
"Don Juan Ad Lib," with its many
jokes and specialties, is providing plenty
of mirth for Tivoli audiences. Some of
the songs are nightly encored again and
again and the ballets win even more ap
plause than usual.
The Orpheum bill is attracting the usual
large number of variety-lovers. Henry
Lee's impersonations continue to grow in
favor, and the act of (be four Cohens is
going batter this week than it did last.
The Oberon is varying its programme
nightiy and is attracting the usual num
ber of music-lovers.
The grand Wagner concert of the Sym
hony Orchestra becrins at 3 o'clock this
afternoon at the Columbia Theater.
"Rigoletto" is to ba the bill at the Cali
fornia Thealer this evening. Henri Aibers
will sing the title role, one in which he
has achieved prominent success. On Sat
urday night "La Juive" is to be repeated
ior the last time. "William Tell" is an
nounced for Monday and the great pro
duction of "Aldn" is to be repeated by the
company on Wednesday. An event of
importance will be the production of
"Hamlet" for the first tim* in this City
on Friday night on the occasion of the tes
timonial benefit to be tendered Barytone
Albcrs.
To-morrow night Miss Dorothy L'Hote
will make her debut upon the professional
stage at the California Theater, present
ing Tom Taylor's beautiful play, "An Un
equal Match." Miss L'Hote will be as
sisted by professional talent, including
members of Modjeska's and Haworth'a
companies. »
NO MORE SPECIAL RATES.
They Will 1 Not Be C runted for Kxcur
- ■ ion Parties Coming to San ; 
i'rancisco. • '-
No men special rates .for excursion
parlies to San Francisco will be granted
by the Southern Pacific Company,. owing
to the refusal of the Board of j Supervisors
to pass the anti-scalpers' ordinance. This
means that mem bars of organizations de
siring to hold conventions in San Fran
cisco will have to pay the full fare "here
after. -.":. -' r T ; ■ r r.^,.-;
•'The company," said one of General
Passenger Agent Goodman's representa
tives yesterday, "has been badly treated
in the past through the manipulation of
excursion tickets by scalpers, ana it has
found it Necessary to call a halt. The
new rule applies only to business directed
to San Francisco, and In order to get the
benefit of former special rates organiza
tions desiring to bold Stale conventions
will have to select some place other than
San Francisco where transportation privi
leges are not abused as they have been in
this City."
BOOKED FOR BUEGLAEY.
W. 1». Weed, the Palace Hotel Guest,
la Charged.
W. D. Weed, the guest at the Pftlace
who w§s arrested Monday night by Detec
tives Bee and Harper, was booted at the
City I'rison last night on a charge of
burglary.
lie had been a guest at the hotel for
about two week?, and on M.irch 19 be
broke into the room of J. L. Batchelder
and stole some clothing and jewelry. The
jewelry was recovered by the detectives,
and Weed was identified as the man who
disposed 01 it.
When Marched two wedding rings were
found in his pockets, one engraved
"Christmas, 1896. " The police believe
the rings have been stolen by Weed, and
they want an owner for them.
AWARDS AT SAN
JOSE`S DOG SHOW
Champion Grand Master
Adds Another to His
Triumphs.
Alta Bern a and Roxie Savage
Taylor Win Trophies for
Their Owners.
Society of the Garden City Assembles
to Admire the Elite of the
Canine World.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 31.— The dog
show, which opened at Turn Verein Hall
this morning under the auspices of the
Sauta Clara Valley Poultry and Kennel
Club, was voted a grand success by the
fanciers and those in attendance to-day.
All the entries are filled, and aristocratic
canines from all parts of the coajt are ex
hibited. Over 200 animals are on the
benches, and they are estimated to be
worth in the neighborhood of $50,000.
The hall his been prettily decorated with
vines and potted plants, and a great many
of the kennels are handsomely orna
mented by the owners. The attendance
was good both this afternoon and evening.
The St. Bernards are as tine a lot of dogs
of that breed as could be found in the
United States. They number twenty-one.
All classes of dogs are represented by the
best on the coast. Champion Grand Mas
ter, a rouph-coated St. Bernard, attracts
much attention. He is owned by Thomas
H. Browne of San Francisco, and" is valued
at $10,000. A beautiful dog is Aha Berna,
in tin; rough-coated challenge class. She
is from the Rese-Lodge kennels of San
Jose, the properly of Charles E. Harker.
John Touronnet exhibits Tell, a noble
rough-coated St. Bernard in the open class.
Roxie, exhibited by Miles Taylor of
Oakland, appeared to be the finest St. Ber
nard exhibited in the open class, both on
account of size and color. Another beauty
in this class is Res;lov Jr., exhibited by
Dr. W. It. CJaves of San Francisco. The
mother, Victoria Alton, was purchased of
the ex-President of Guatemala and pre
sented to Miss May Taber of San Fran
cisco.
In the rough-coated novice class of St.
Bernards Mrs. W. G. Alexander exhibits
a fourteen months' old pup, Nero A. In
the smooth-coated Su Bernard class F. U.
Busniiell exhibits a great tweny beauty,
Le Prince Jr. This is one of the largest
and hetiviest dogs in the show although
only nineteen months old.
In the Great Dane class, which is well
represented, Raf Roma of San Francisco
exhibits a big beauty of a light color. 0.
M. Tupper exhibits a Great Dane which
is notea for size and beauty. It is of the
dark variety witb pure white markings.
In the English setter cla-s, a beautiful
specimen, ored in this valiey, is Queen M,
exhibited in a highly decorated kennel by
W. A. Mcnfee of can Jose.
The coilies are well represented from
the lieich Hill kennels by Juanita, owned
by Miss Delia Beach of this city. The
handsomest dog in the novice class of
collies appears to be Ronnie Dulce, exhib
ited by J. C. Berreb of Ban Jose.
An aristocratic dachshund is exhibited
by W. H. Anderson of San Jose, tno only
one in its ciass.
Dr. Freeman of Los Gatos exhibits a
bigh-bred, prettily marked rug dog.
C. M. Barker of Ban Jose exhibits in the
Irish setter class a beautiful doe, valued at
|200. Chief Jr. lies upon the softest of rugs
in .1 beautifully decorated konnei.
The following are the awards made by
J. Olis Fellows, and the names of the
owners of winning dogs:
Mastiffs, open, bitches— First, Bess IT, M. D.
Garratt of San Francisco; second, Lola, Mr«. J.
P. Norman of Bclmout, San Mateo County.
Mastiffs, novice, dogs— First, Juan Montez,
Mrs. J. P. Norman of Belmont.
Mastiffs, novice, bitches— Fim, Teedas,
Stewart & Son, Aromas, Monterey County.
St. Bernards rough-coated challenge dogs —
FirH, Champion Grand Master, T. H. Browne
of San Francisco.
Bt. Bernards, rough-coated challenge
bitches— First, Alta Bcrua, Charles R. Harker
of San Jose.
St. Bernards-, rough-coated, open. dogs-
First, Roxle Savage Taylor, A. Miles Taylor of
Oakland; second, Regiov Jr., Dr. W. K. Clu
uess Jr. of San Francisco; third, JohnTon.ro
net of San Jose: very highly commended, Reg
inald X, Herbert KuUman 01 San Francisco.
St. Bernards, rough-coated, open, bitches-
First, Florence, Humboldt kennels of .-an
Francisco; second, Victoria Alton, Miss May
Taber of San Francisco; third, N'.'llle Queen of
Wusatch, Rose Lodge kennels of Sa:i Jose;
very highly commended. Lady Bernardo, Mrs.
E. P. Schell of San Francisco.
St. Bernards, rougr.-coated, novice, dogs-
First, Reglov Jr., Dr. W. R. Cluness Jr. of San
Francisco; second, Brian, Humboldt kennels;
third Nero A, Mrs. W. G. Alexander, San
Jose.
St. Bernard", rough-coated, novice, bitches-
First, Golden Lady, Rose Lodee kennels;
second, Laura Alton, Humboldt kennels;
third. Doris, H. I>. Corlette of Irvineton; very
highly commended, Lady Winslow, Iio»e Lodge
kennels.
St. Bernards, rough-coated puppies, dogs —
First. Orion, J. E. Littrell of Onfcland.
St. Bernard*, rough-coated puppies, bitches —
First, Doris, H. D. Corlette of Irvington.
St. Bernards, smooth coated, open, dogs— Le
Prince Jr., F. H. Bushnell of San Francisco.
St. Bernards, smooth coated, novice, dogs-
First, Le Priuce J., F. H. Bushnell of San
Francisco.
Great Danes, open, dogs— First, Rex R. ,
Alfrep Roncovieri of ban Francisco; second.
Czar, Raf Roma of San Francisco; third, Ivan,
John Love Cunningham of Los Angeies.
Great Danes, open, bitches— First, Juanita.
J. L. Cunningham of Los Angeles; second,
Queen R, Mrs. A. Roncovieri o£ San Francisco;
tniri, Bine, O. M. Tuoperof San Jose.
Great Danes, novice, bitches— Fir«t, La
Fiesta, Mrs. A. Roncovieri.
Great Danes, puppies, dogs— First, King R,
Mrs. A. Roncovieri.
Fox hounds, open, doss— First, Sport, W. L.
Prattler Jr. of Oakland; second, Jim, same
owner.
Fox hounds, bitches— First, Bell. W. L. Prat
tier Jr.; second, Uapp\ , A. H. Merriu ol San
Francisco.
Pointers, open, bitchc, fifty pounds and
over— Flrit, Juno H, Mrs. Hugh McCrneken of
San Francisco; second, Jili, George T. Allem
derof Knst O&kiand.
Pointers, open, bitches, under 50 pounds-
First, Patti Croxteth C, W. B. Chute of Santa
Clara.
Pointers, novice, dogs and bitches— First.
Patti Croxteth C. w*. E. Chute oi Santa Clara;
second, Beauty, K. H. Freeman of Santa Clara.
Pointers, puppies, dogs— First, Beauty.
Pointers, puppies, bitches— First, Lady G'en
beigb. E. J. Dudfieldof San Francisco.
English setters, challenge bitches — First,
Silver Plate, Samuel F. Hughes of San Fran
cisco.
English setters, open, dogs— First, Count
Harold. H. T. Payne of San Francisco; second,
Charm, G. W. TibMts of Oak.and; tlitrd, Nlm
rod E, Herbert G. KM ward.- of San Francisco ;
very highly commended, Bird Catcher, T. J.
Fish oi Oakland.
English setters, open, bitches— First, Queen
of Courts, U. T. Payne of Pan Flaaolaoo; sec
ond, Queen Bess, W. M. Fitzmaurice of Oak
land.
English setters, novice, dogs and bitches —
First, Queen M, \V. A. Menefee of S*n Jose.
Irish fetters, challenge dog9— First, Nemo
11, A. B. Truman of San Francisco.
Irish setters, open, dogs— First, Chief Jr.,
C. M. Barter of Pan Jose; second, divided be
tween Lad of Glenmore. owned Ly G. B. Gray
of Oakland, »nd Mike T 11, owned by A. B.
Truman of San Francisco; third, Gtc-nmoro
Sultan, M. D. Garratt of San Francisco.
Irish setters, open, bitches— First. Queen of
Kiidare. Ethel G. Creagh of San Francisco;
second, Lightning Maid, A. B. Truman.
Gordon setters, challenge does and bitches —
First. Dick If, J. W. and 11. W. Orear of San
Francisco.
Gordon setters., open, dogs— First, Spcrt 11,
Henry Longers of Stockton.
Gordon setters, open, bitches— First, Queen
Bess, chtirleh E. S. Dunlevy of Oakland.
Irish w.-i'.rr spaniels, challenge dogs and
bitches— First, Nora W, \V. H. Williams of San
Francisco.
Open bitches— First, Belle Marsh, same
owuer.
«ii» vi,™ £ !leng , c dons-First, St. Clair Lad
o I sna5 na kennels of San Francisco. f ■
of P <?™ p* 8 "*?"'' Ca P sale . Mrs. C. H. Jouett
v L™. n an ? lsco; second, Hadfield Don,
Clifton « en " i s J third, divided between Alto
Gold D,'» t i? ed by a J - Albee of "wrence. and
sfn j2X 1 gowned by Beach Hill kennels of
Verona" kin^f* hi * hly commended, Cra K s,
j^s.^3SScf Highlaud Scot - K ' ed Hes *
i,?!!, c'e '; B o ell . bitches-First. Juanita, Beach
tn rd 111 Ri ." ec .°5 d o Bab >' Due - °- J - Albee;
tnird, iriß, bieart & Son, Aromas* very hiirh.
7 Co°lHe P i lm nT, Cd ' D H UDdes FloSle','o J J Alb!e.
S?n?ose° e> oV7ncd b * C Berrett of
: Novice, bitches-First, Iris. Steart «fc Sons
second Juanite; third, Sheila, Rte«rt & Son!
very highly commended, Sly, O. j. Albee
*Si oUI x?-' K P i np 5 ic l* doßs-Pirst. Capsule; sec
ond, Highland Scott, Fred Hess Jr. of -S«n
Francisco; third. Orinskirk Jack W. de 1!
Lopez of Pleasanton ; very hiKhlv commended
Sandy. F. A. Campbell of Oakland !
Puppies, bitches— First, Orlnsk'irk Jean \\;
de B. Lopez; second, Lottie H, Fred Hess Jr '
'• Bulldces,' open, doßs— First, Conqueror;
Thomas Knowies Of Oakland. conqueror,
• Puppies, ; dogs and bitches— First Ching
Mrs. K. J. Natusch of San Jose. Bl
Bull terriers, open, dogs— First, Woodcote
Venom, S. Christensen of . an Francisco ' '
Challenge dogs— First, Harper Wnisky John
I. Sparrow of San Francisco. ; ..
Open, bitches— First. Fly. •E. 'R. Folcer of
Oakland; second, Daisy Belle, Mrs. J. i. Spar
row of San Francisco. . . t '
■ Bull terriers, puppies, dogs and . bitches— :
First, Major Jr.. J. M. Lamb of San Jose. '■
Greyhounds, open, dogs— First, Laurelwooa
Emil Portal of \Ve»tsicle.« •
Poodles, bitches, black— First, Franchette,
George A. - Newhail of §an Franci»co.
Field spaniels, dogs— First, Rex G, F. C. GU
ford of Stockton. '\ *
Cocker spaniels, : black, challenge dogs—
First, Viscount, Spanish kennels of Oakland. I
Challenge does other than black—
Royal Dandy, J. E. Doak of Stockton. . -. ■
Open. dogs, black— First, Pittsburg Tommy,'
Dave Winders of Stockton second, divided be
tween Sing Sing, owned by F. W. HensliHW of
Oakland, and Woodland Jersey,- e>\v ed by
Oakland Cocker Kennels; third, Duffy, Ea
ward Eping of San Francisco. - .
Opeu, Ditches, black— First, Lady Etta, Dr.
A. C. Davenport of Stockton; second. Judy
Pastime, F. W. Henshaw.
Open, dogs, other tnr.n black— First, Knight
of Los Angeles, J. D. Holdeu ol Los Angeles;
second, Woodland. Patchie, A. M. Merrill of
San Francisco.
Open, bitches, other than black— First, Reah
S, Thornhlll kenuels of Fruit-vale.
Dachshund, open, bitches— First, Queenle,
W. H. Anaenon of San Jose.
Beagles, open, dogs— First, Roy F, John E.
Doak of Stockton.
Open, bliche*— First, Lena B, same owner.
Irish terriers, open, dogs— First, Doctor X
Joiin E. 1 ■ .sik.
Open, bitches— First, Josie McMahon, same
owner.
Fox terriers, smooth - coated challenge
bitches— First, Golden Jewel, J. B. Martiu of
San Francisco.
Smooth-coated, open, dogs— First, Bever
wyck Cavalier, T. 9. Casey of Los .Angeles
second, Umbilu, Mrs. G. T. Allender of East
Oakland.
Open, bitches— First, Golden Restless, Mrs.
£. M. Simpson of Sacramento.
Novice, dogs— First, Golden Dirk, IT. B. God
frey 01 San Francisco.
Novice, bitches—First, Golden Restless.
Puppies, doj?a— First, Golden Dirk.
Puppies, Ditches— First, Go. dun Restless.
Blacu and tan terriers, bitches — First, Flos
sie, John Baumgartner of Kama Clara.
Skye terriers, open, dogs— First, Snyder,
George Nupier of San Jose.
Pugs, open, dogs— First, Winkle, Dr. R. E
Freemau of Los Gatos.
Open, bitches— First, Judy H., Mrs. S. B.
Huskins of Stockton.
Novice, dogs and bitches— First, Winkle;
puppies, dogs and bitches— First, Winkle.
NEW TO-DAY. • . , '.
A GOOD ELECTRIC BELL
It Is Worth $1000 Worth of Drugs— 3o,ooo People Say
Dr. Sanden's Is the Best. T
Electricity flows 1 The current can
into the body for v^ife be regulated to
hours at a time^r|^.^^ any power desired
from this life-^|J^^ while the Belt is
giving appliance. on the body.
mHE DAY IS PAST WHEN THINKING PEOPLE-PEOPLE WHO LEARN AS
J- they grow oljier— believe that drugs contain the only cure for disease. The* won-
derful success of Electricity has forced them to understand that it is a power in itself •■
that it cures every disease that dru s will cure, and cures many, that drugs will not
touch— except to aggravate and make them worse. Electricity has proven its worth
in too many instances to permit of any further doubt as to its, curative value. And
yet there are some people who will try all the medical ways before they try Elec-
• .°il V These K are the ones we wish to educate. We wish to give the-e proof, which
is the best teacher. : If you will poison your stomach with drugs do so bur when they
fail you, as they will without doubt, do not think that you are incurable, for you have
not yet tried a natural remedy— you may still be cured 'by. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
Here Is a Late Cure.
DR. A. T. SANDEN-Dear 81r: After *uff e rln X \ SAX PHANCIBCO. M*PCh 26. 18»7. ■■. . .
i.w i SADDEN— Dear Sir: After suffering tortures from rheumatism. lacn« bade and weak
kidneys 1 was induced to try your Belt, and I would no-. K lve It up now for «s') if I could not .ret '
another. My troubles had annoyed m for years *" a m back was so »yea"l could not l.ft twenty-ttv«
poonds. The Bet knocked th- pain out in six w< "* kB and the rhenmutism Hi three, aud I Have not
felt a touch of either since then. I laughel at the idea wn»n a friend told me your Belt wouM enra
me 'mi l ££,» i h i" n 42," OW * am tttllCins tat U myst>lf ' You » lril i- ,* ?• E. J. BURKE * ,
- it)_i i o*v' sir* (■.. ■ . -. . >■".-"
Electricity is the best cure for disease, so is Dr. Sanden's Electric Celt the be<t
way to apply it. It is the result of thirty years of study. Beginning with a very
cruue appliance years ago, it has now been brought up to the highest state of perfec-
tion. There is not an Electric Bah in the worla today which gives as mnch service^
for its price as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Six person-, joinins hands can feel the
current from Dr. Sanden's strongest Belt, and yet with the roculator it can be made
so mile! , so even, that a child can wrar it without inconvenience. • It is stronger can
Electrfc Belt 1 d t e :ouble -* ° m "bile you sleep-and will last longer than any other
••I used your Belt for fourteen years, and In that tim» It lias never got out of order I h«v« <
The Regulator Is Important.
k Dm - -n? nden ? is . the on 'y Electric Belt made which can be controlled while on the
body. Those who have used the old style know how impossible, it is to get satisf « c ! ;
tory re-ul s from Electricity when the current cannot be reflated With Dr •
Sanden the current can be turned on mild for a while, then strong or moderate iu,t
as the wearor wishes it or can be shut off ulto otncr without removing the Belt f?om
its* inconvenience!^" "* ? & tle - nt tUe fUU benelUs ° f the E J. 6Ctric ener^ with now S '
Paid One Doctor $250.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is so wonderful in its tonine, mvi Boratin8 oratin effect* that
one prominent physician' of this^tty remarked, after havinjr seen one of his
pa lents cured by.it, "It is no wonder now that we are losh.jr all our nervoSs-dVbiH v
patients." Ins no wonder, for people must believe the evidence of Hi* Jvc- !n5
ears; they must believe the friend who tells them of his cur, by tnla famon BeU
h°a r s r e ece?ve n d° 01 m °" Ye than a desire^ help OtherS to the 3a ™ befits wnichie
■_■■■ In Rheumatism, Pains in the Back and Kidneys, Sciatica Lumbaeo the eteei+nt'-
Early Indiscretions. Overwork. Menial Worry. Torpid \SB ***» *f v *° f *
form or ; weakness^ is effective and a positive core. Women iSShESRv l" as we7l
.■V If possible, call and consult Dr. Sanden and test the Belt free of charc-P «nri "«T-t
the names o hundreds of your neighbors who have been cured by it hhugt g whS w«
not permit their n«mes to be published; Bead Dr. 1 Sanden's -fifmnn; -ilLit ."r. 111
Classes of Men." free, sealed, by^iail. •It has prices fuU intoma t ion?° '*
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. pi^^V^^^-
■i^Mmm&-m£4s£S^
»K. SANDEN-S ELECTBIC XKUSi C KIrTUUB. '
COUNTERFEIT MONET,
Two Bookmaker* Arrested < for Passing'
Counterfeit Dollars.
The two i en whom The . Call an
nounced yesterday morning as having
been arrested for passing counterfeit coin
were -brought before United States Com
missioner Heacock yesterday. They were
George Lewiston, cashier for Barlan &
Co., racing bookmakers, and F. Karvine,
cashier for the Chicago Bookmaking Club.
The charge against them was passing a
counterfeit silver dollar. :.....
'liny explained that they had come
from the East, where paper money is most
in vogue, and that they were not suffi- 1
ciently familiar with gold and silver coin
to be able to detect counterfeits. It is not
expected that a conviction can be had,
but it is believed that the arrest will be. a
warning to them. , They were released on
$250 bail. ' . :. -
The Secret Service Department reports
that one bookmaker on the Oakland track
turned over to Detectiva Harris ninety
spurious" live-dollar pieces, representing a
loss to the bookmaker of $450. .The. name
of this paragon of honesty on the turf has
been withheld. If the man was known
he would be at once embalmed as an ex
ample to posterity. • ' '
THE HUDELSON LIBEL.
Judge Campbell, After Hearing Argu
ments, Dismisses the Case.
The argument of counsel in the Hudel
son libel case took place last night, before
Judge Campbell. < Etch attorney w»s al- ;
lowed an hour and a half and it was taken
full advantage of. • •• -■ • - 7;., ,
Attorney D. R. Wood worth opened, and
he was followed by Attorney Jordan for
the defense. The latter dwelt particularly
upon the fact that according to the statute
the report of the proceeding* before the
judiciary board of the American Protec
tive Association was a privileged com
munication. \
„ The Judi;e reviewed the ' case and said
that ha would dismiss on the ground
taKen by Attorney Jordan. He would be
charitable ana would refrain from com
menting upon : the /jther features of the
case. ; .  . ,
OARSMEN WILL EACE.
Crews of the Pioneer ft oat Clnb That
.; Will 3leet on Sunday. r ' ;, .-.
The Pioneer Rowinc Club and Its friends :
are looking fofward with considerate in
terest, to the race which will take place oh
Sunday over the Lang Bridge course be
tween crews of the club, which an; com
posed of the following carsmen: G. Col
lopy, stroke; R. (Jrowley; afterwais:; F.
J. O'Neill, forward waist ; R. Collopy, bow:
R. J. Espy, cockswain ; ; C. Ociis, stroke ; :
T. Faulkner, sfterwaist; M. Colnan. for
wardwais;; T. Sands, bow; G. Fnzsim
mons.'bow. V .>
Fred Orr, stroke; J. Klnnder, afterwaist;
G. Darrash, forward waist; J. Connolly,
bow; G. FiiZ'iramons, cockswain; R. J.
Espy, stroke; J. T. Sullivan, afterwaist;
W. C. Espy, forward waist; P. Tuits, bow;
T. Sands, cockswain.
The contest will take place in the fore
noon. 'v: 7 "; vTHE CRESSINGTON
ARRIVES IN PORT
She Was Out From New
castle One Hundred
and Six Days.
In a Heavy Ga'e Both Her
Main and Fore Sail Were
B own Away.
The Suno s Balers and Smokestack
Found— A Lively Scrap oa
the Seafarer.
The British ship Creasing.on, after being
out from .Newcastle, N. S. W., 106 days,
arrived in port yesterday. Her arrival
relieved the mental tension of those in
terested in both the vessel and the cargo,
but their uneasiness was perfectly nat
ural, as 106 days is an exceedingly lengthy
trip for a vessel bound to this port from
Australia.
The Crfssington is laden with 3267 tons
of coal for J. D. Spreckels Uro-. & Co.
Her lengthy voyage was due to light and
head winds and calms. On March 29, in
latitude 37 deg. X., longitude 126 deg. W.,
she encountered a heavy gale from the
southwest to north, with a very high, con
fused sea, and her mainsail and foresail
were blown away.
The steamer Rio de Janeiro, which ar
rived irom the Orient ana Honolulu the
night before, was a day lat*. owing to
delay in docking at Honolulu, as her
berth was occupied by a Japanese
steamer. The following passengers ar
rive.t by the Rio:
S. H. Soieno, Professor C. McCauley, Miss
C. H. KcGllvarj, Captain N. Kirby, Captain
J. M. James, Rev. and Mrs. W. H. Noyes and
two children, Mr. and Mrs. P. M. Lucas, F. F.
P^aper. E. F. Sweeney, Paul M. Wenner, C.
WaseniM. A. Weifmann, Rev. J. H. Smith,
Mis« <..i>o<ih\i?, B. Lennt, C. B. Newcomber,
William Keek. M. W. Bnty, Robert Lewers,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Goodhue and C. C. E.
Tiberger.
. Dr. Rupert Blue, passed assistant surgeon
of the United S'.ates marine hospital
service, began boarding vessels again yes
terday. From the Rio he took off thirty
eight Chinese, four Japanese and two Eu
ropeans who were taken to the quaran
tine s'.ation on Angel Island. They will
be reieased some lime this morning. One
Chinese infant died on the voyage from
inanition.
Dr. Roseman ig now business bent In
this City and wiil leive for Angel Island
to take up his residence soon.
The English mails, due this afternoon,
were delayed in crossing the Atlantic and
thus Murderer Butler's departure has
been delayed for a day. Toe Mariposa
was to have sailed at 2 p. it. to-day, nut
the Oceanic Steamship Company an«
nounces that she will not sail until that
hour to-morrow.
The wiecKer Whitelaw brought in the
boilers and smokestack of the Sunol yes
terday at 2a. M. Witn the boilers came
up one bar of lead bullion. The safe in
which is the gold bullion has not yet been
located.
One of the liveliest scrapping matches
Been on the front for a long time occurred
about 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon on the
fonr-masted British ship Seafarer. For
execution, few prizerings have seen any
thing like it.
It seems that two men of a quarrelsome
disposition came on board and proceeded
to make things lively, ending with a
threat to throw second mate TinsJey over
board. They were invited to do so and
started in, when first mate Hall took a
hand.
The four men had it fiom one side of
the deck to the other, all the while tight
ing like demons. The battle ended iti the
two invaders, with badly bruised faces
and bodies, being ejected forcibly from the
chip. "And they never came back."
HIS LICENSE REVOKED.
Captain Dye Dfc'ared Responsi
ble for the Damage to
the Sunol.
Hs Is Charged With Unskillfulness
and Negligence by the Local
Inspectors.
O. F. Bolles and W. A. Phillips, local
inspectors of Steam Hulls and Boilers,
made their report yesterday on the Sunol
collision and revoked Captain Dye's
license for negligence. The report pays:
The •learner Sunol lef . her dock at San Fran
cisco for Vallejo at 4 o'clock p. m., March 17
ana about fifteen minutes afierward collided
wi'h the bark Olympic.
Tne barks Alden Besse and Olympic were
on this occasion coming in from sea. about
abreast of each other (the former a little
ahead) with a strong ebb tide, fresh northwest
wind and ciear weather: the A, den Besse in
tnvr of a steam tug and the Olympic under
short xail with square yards.
The Sunol passed a short distance ahead of
the Alden Besse. Captain Dye then attempted
to pass under the stern of the O.ymplc, but
fouij'l that 'he rudder of his su-anu-r would
not work. He then stopped and tacked his
engines *or a short time, and went ahead at
full spe -d trying to cross me bows oi the
Olympic, but the bark struck th<« Sunol tbout
amidships on the port side, pushing ahead and
rolling the it niner over.
After careful consideration of the ev.dence
we are o; the opinion that Captain Dye was
unskilliul and negligent in navigating the
•teamer on March 17 In trying to pass ahead
of the Oijmple. He did stop and b ck the en
gines, and ihould have continued backing in
stead of going ahead at full speed. Had he
done so. It is our opinion that the collision
would have been avoided.
Theretore. under the authority conferred
upon us by section 4450, United States Re
vised Statutes, for reason of such unskillful
ness and negligence, we have this date re
voked ihe license of Captain S. W. Dye as mas
ter and pilot oi steam vessels. License dated
December 7, 1596.
The hull oi the Sunol wag towed to the dock
and righted. Da;n«ee to the steamer is esti
mated m ntjoui $8000. Bullion to the vi-.lue of
about $'25,000 was iost overboard, but may be
recovered.
COUNTY OLERIL'S ASSISTANTS.
BeTeral New Names on the Llit of
Deputies.
County Clerk Curry has made several
changes in his force of deputies. The
new men who go to work this morning
are A. J. Martin and Fred Frey, who have
been appointed depuies. ana Charles Hol
comb. C. Hyman, J. Pundt and Captain I.
Is. X ncaid take places as copyists.
The gentlemen who have relinquished
employment in the ClerK's office are Wil
liam Reynolds, Frank B. Houston, Wil
liam Kightmier. J. Haskins, F. Vaughan
and Georce Bowman. Mr. Reynolds was
a demny, and the others were in th* copy
ing department."- ''
There ate said to be 9000 cells in a sqnare
font of hnnpycomb. - '' =h u «"»
The Soft Glow of tho Tea Rose
is acquired by ladies who use Pozzomi's
Complexion Powdkk. Try it.
The British Ship Cressington Under Short Canvas in the Last Southwestzr. During the Gale She
Lost Eoth Main and Fere Sai.'s. The Picture Is From a DescriptionJjy the Captain*
ATTACKING THE
WILL OF ALDRICH
His Sod, William Holt
Aldrich, Sues for
His Share.
Claims a Quarter of the Residue
of a Very Large
Estate.
Alleges That a Trust Which the
Testator Attempted to Establish
Is Invalid.
William Holt Aldrich, by his attorneys,
W. H. H. Hart, Clarence W. Ashford,
Ayleit R. Cotton and Robert W. King,
yesierday filed a suit which is la fact a
contest of the will of his late father, Wil
liam A. Aldrich, who died in Alameda
County, February 25, 1892.
The defendants named in fie action are
Annie Aldrich Barton, Helen Aldrich S
Dunning, Joseph M. Quay and Arthur A. I
Smith, as trustees under the last will and
testament of William A. Aldrich, de
ceased, Annie A. Barton, Helen A. Dun
ning, George A. Aldrich, Willard T. Bar
ton, William G. Dunning, May C. Al
drich, Helen H. Aldrich, Bernice A. Al
drich, Ailene K. Aldrich, William Arnold
Aldrich and Swinton D. Aldrich, all of
■whom are claiming interest in the estate
of the late William Aldrich, the value of
which is estimated to be worth about
$1,000,000.
The catalogue of real estate and personal
property includes the following:
Cash, $1000; 1000 shares of Savings and
Loan Society *t< ck, 5421 snares of the South
Feather and Union Mining Company, 435
shares in Oakland Bank of Savings, 810 shares
in the Merced Security Savings Bank, 300
shares lv the Bank of California, 150 shares
in the San Francisco Gusiieht Company, 534
shares of Great Western Quicksilver Mining
Company. 50 shares in tlie California Powder
Works, 551 shares in the Sau Francisco Tool
Company, 150 shares In the Merced Gas
Company, 171 shares in the Gormania
Lead Works, 10 shares in the Pa
cific Surety Company, 100 shares of the
Presidio and Ferries Kallroad Company
1000 shares in ihe Alaska Coal Company ; 5
chares In the Golden Gate Publishing a:id
Printing Company; 10 shares in the Nicar
agua Caual Construction Company; 10 shares
of the Maritime Canal Company of Nicaragua;
$7000 worth of Consolidated Piedmont Cable
Company bonds; a promissory note ior
$10,000; several hundred head of livestock
and implements on a ranch near Athlont-
Merced County; improved real estate at Stock'
ton and Pacific streets, on Sansome near
Broadway, on Mission near First, on Army
street near the San Jose road; several blocks
In the Abbey Homestead. San Mateo County,
and a big ranch In Merced Couuty.
Mr. Aldrich bequeathed $1000 to his
friend Charles H. Brunage, $500 to Jennie
Dougherty, $500* to the 1-abiola Hospital,
100 shares of stock in the Savings and
Loan Society to his daughter, Helen A.
Dunning; the family residence at Pied
mont to his daughter, Anna A. Barton;
and bis silverware to his son, William
Holt Aldrich of Honolulu.
The point involved in the suit is that
William A. Aldrich attempted by his will
to establish a trust contrary to law, to the
detriment of the plaintiff in this suit, con
trary to the law of California as explained,
and established by the Supreme Court in
the well-known Waiter ley estate litigation.
The trust attempted to be establisiied is
specially mentioned in the ninth section
of the will, which bequeaths: in trust the
residue of ■ the estate to Irustees Annie A.
Barton, Helen A. Dunning, Joseph M.
Quay and Arthur A. Smith, with full
power for them to control the same, sub
ject to the restrictions set down in the
wilL One-fourth of the estate and profits
are directed to be paid to Annie A. Barton
and one- fourth to be distributed similarly
to Helen A. Dunning. One-quarter was
given in trust for the benefit of his »on,
George A. Aldrich, an inmate of the Napa
Asylum for Insane. •■-' -■ ■
When it came to William Holt Aldricb,
the plaintiff in this suit, the testator pro
vided that the trustees should pay for the
proper education of the children of said
William, and that they should pay to him
the remainder ol the profits and income
on one-fourth uf the estate during his
natural life, but that he should have no
power to anticipate or mortgage or in any.
way incnmber his share or the. income,
and his [Children are to succeed him in
interest under like restrictions. '
It was further provided in the will that
if at the date of me death of said William
all of his children shall not have attained
the a c of 24 years then the payment of
their share shall be postponed Until they
shall attain that age. If none of his
children survive then the one-fourth share
here considered shall pass to the other
heirs-at-law as part of the residue of the
estate of the testator.
i The plaintiff shows to the court that he
is the- son of William A. Ajdrlch, de
ceased, and one of re heirs-at-law, and as
such heir he acquired by succession on
the ; death of his father absolute title to
one-fourth of the estate of 1 the decedent,
and particularly of that property described
in the ninth section of the will, which was
attempted to : be distributed ,to the de
fendant trustees. He says': that the trus
tees here named pretend to have a right
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1897.
to the control and management of the
property de-cribed as ttie residue of the
estate, but that in fact they have no right
to do so, as the trust which the testator,
his father, attempted to impose on them
is invalid and void, because it suspended
the power of the testator from tho death
of the testator to the birth oi the plain
tiffs last child.
He asks for a decree of court setting
aside the order of distribution heretofore
maiie by tho Probate Court, and that he
b? given immediate possession of bis
qußrter of the residue of his father's es
tate. He uvurs that bis sisters have al
ways had possession and control of the
property, for which reason he is notable
to stata its value.
At the time the order of distribution
was made in the estate of Wi liam A.
Aldrich, father of the plaintiff in this.
cs~e, in the year 1893, the principle laid
down in the \Valkerley litigation nad not
been enunciated by the Supreme Court
of Caliiornia. Since the last-nieutioned
decision several tiusts that otherwise
would have been considered valid have
been successfully attacked in Departments
9 and 10 of the Superior Court of San
Francisco, presided over by Judge Coffey
and Judge Slack.
William A. Aldrich was a member ol
the old firm of Merrill & Co.. engaged
in the island trade, and made his for*
tune in that business. He was a mem*
ber of tho Legislature in 1871-72. In
the later years of his life he had con
siderable trouble with the son who now
seeks to break down the provisions of his
will.
A Stubborn Cigar-Maker.
Joseph Leo, a cigar-maker ol 936 Harrison
Btreet, has fallen into the hands of the revenue
officials. He was nrrested yesterday on a
charge of having put 250 cigars in a box that
had been used for clears before. The United
States District Attorney and United States
Commissioner Heacock agreed to let him go if
he would promise not to repeat the offense,
but to 'heir surprise he refusefl to give the re
quired promise. He sild that the box jras his
property and that he had a right to do what
ho pleased with it. He was accordingly held
for trial with bail fixed at $250.
THE KNIGHTS IN SESSION
Mayor James D Phelan Wel
comes the Maccabees to
San Francisco.
Ehction of State Officers for the
E su ng Term and of Delegates
to the Supreme Convention
The State convention of the Knights of
the Maccabees convened at 10 o'clock yes
terday morning in Washington Hall on
Eddy street. There wa« a full attendance
of delegates present. The convention was
called to order by Theodore Froelich, lieu
tenant-commander, in the absence of
Commander Dandy.
Mayor PheJan, who was present by invi
tation, in a twenty minutes' address wel
comed the Sir Knights to the City, and
the response was by Past Commander G.
S. Bartholomty oi Los Angele*.
The committee on credentials and mile
age was then given until 1 o'clock in the
afternoon, to which time a recess was
taken.
In the afternoon the convention opened
in regular lorin and the following-named
were elected delegates to the supreme
convention that n to meet in Cleveland,
Ohio, on the third of next July. C. A.
liUckenbach and W.H. Conrad ; alternate*.
8. W. Hall an<l Dr. Lagal.
Then followed the election of State of
ficers, which resulted as follows:
State commander, 8. W. Hall of S»n Fran
cisco; lieutenant-commander, S. Maas of Los
Angeles; record-keeper, F. W. Smitn of Red
ding; finance-keeper, D. S. Conn oi Alaine>t&;
■ h up; c.in, J. W. Scbaeffie ol Los Antreies;
physician, Dr. W. A. Harvey ol San Fran
cisco; sergeant. G. B. Ochiltree oi Riverside;
iriHgter-at-arms, W. Hill of Sacramento; first
master of the gut-rds, R. G. Smith of .San
Diego; second muster ol the guardi, G. C.
Boiler; sentinel, \V. C. Dyer of Santa Ana,
and picket, Fred Staub of Dunsmulr.
The new officers were installed in due
form.
During the session the recent death of
the wife of D. P. Markey of Port Huron,
Mich, the supreme commander, was an
nounced and a committee was appointed
to draft resolutions of condolence.
The convention adjourned at 6 o'clock
till evening, when tnere was a competi
tion for prizes by teams from Alameda,
Modin and Golden West tents as to which
team should exemplify tne ritualistic
work.
To-night Supervising Deputy Lucken
bach will vi«it Argonaut Tent m Fraternal
Hall, Oakland, when the degree will be
conferred on several candidate*.
To-morrow night the Sir Knights will
attend Maceabee night at the Columbia
Theater, and many will attend the bail to
be given by Modin Hive, Ladies of the
Maccabees.
■During the session of the convention it
came to the knowledge of one of the dele
gates that a member of the order, belong
ing to one of th« tents in Ohio, was in
this City, a stranger among ntrangers, and
that be was cick and in need, beinjj with
out means. He made this fact known,
and an investigation was at once insti
tuted, with the result that it was ascer
tained that the knight was in tooa ttand
ing, but unfortunate. The delegates at
once contributed a sum of money, which
in the afternoon was handed to the un
fortunate knight to relieve his immediate
wants. ''You can go to your landlord,
who threatened to eject you," said the
knight who handed him the contribution,
"and let him see what the Maccabees do
when one of their brothers is in nee I, and
ask him what tie thinks of them."
PRAYERS FOR
THE CRETANS
Mass Will Be Said in the
Greek Church Next
. . * Wednesday.
Prayers Will Be Offered Also for
the Success of King George's
". Troops. •
The Affair Significant Because the
Cztr of Russia It the 'Head cf
> Ibc'Orlhodcx Church. . ., .
High mass will be celebrated next
Wednesday morning in the Orthodox
Greek Catholic Church on Powell street
for the repose of the souls of the Cretan
insurgents killed in the recent engage
ments. On the same occasion prayer will
be offered for ' the success of the Greek
cause. : '' ''J.-X.---M . lf - ..' ;
Archbishop Nicholas Trill officiate, and
the Greek Archimandrite Theoclitos will
preach a sermon la the Greek language.
Next Wednesday will be March 25, in the
Greek calendar, and is the anniversary of
the day on which the Greeks raised the
banner of independence from the Turks.
There may be some significance in the
fact that the Czar of Russia is the head of
the Greek church, and that all the bishops
and archbishops of that church are ap
pointed by him. Hence, if they offer up
prayers for the Greek cause it may be in
ferrea that the Czar must have a friendly
feeling for the Greeks in their present
struggle against th« unspeakable Turk.
C. Demetrak, president of the Greek
Hellenic Society, is exerting himself on
behalf of bis country in ihe way of solicit
ing material aid for them as well as ex
tendinu sympathy to them. He said to a
Call reporter la^t ni,:ht that the action
of the Christian powers against the Chris
lien Greeks and Cretans in favor of the
paean Turks was unprecedented in his
tory, and tha.t for th» sake of civilization
be hopes that it will not be continued or
repeated.
"The plea made by the powers that they
desire to prevent a European war," con
tinued Mr. Demetrak, 'is a very flimsy
one. Greece and the Cretans hay*» time
and again informed them that they will
never stop fighting Turkey until they gain
their independence. The Greeks are tired
of the empty promises of the power*, and
have ranged themselves along the line of
public opinion and what they conceive to
be their rights.
"Tne powers say that they want peace.
Why do they want peace? In order that
the Turks may be allowed to massacre
Christians every day? No; we despise
peace obtained at such a fearful and im
moral cost.
"I wish America were nearer Greece at
the present time, for I am sure that the
generous soul of the people of the United
States. sympathizes witt; my countrymen
in this the hour of tlieir distress, and that
they al! hope that the day is near at hand
when the Christian Cretans shall be freed
from the dominion of the barbarous
Turk."
ANGLERS ARE FOOLED.
The Late Storm Has -polled the Sport
of the First I>»v oi tho
Season.
The anglers were busy yesterday pur
chasing tackle at tbe leading sporting
goods houses of this City, so as to be out
bright and early this morning to whip
their favorite irout stream". For many
years past the first day in April has boen
welcomed by the lovers of angling, as on
that day tne trout-ristiing season opens.
Unfortunately the late ruins have spoiled
the sport, which promised to be first class
on the inaugural day of the season, and
reports whicu reached this City yesteraey
from various parts of the country state
that the creeksare too high and muddy to
insure anglers anything like a good day's
outing and a full basket.
When tiie weather clears and the water
becomes clear there m v be some good
fishing in the maiu stream?, but anglers
who have had many years' experience in
trout-catching contend that tbe recent
freshen have washed down numbers of
trout to the ocean and mat the season
will not come up to expectations.
Wnile the water is high the best sport
wi>l be had by fishing me tributaries to
the main streams, and it can be safely
paid tbat the "barnyard hackle," which is
the common ground worm, will be the
most acceptable bait that a-igler i can of
fer the denizens of be streams white the
water is in n troubled state.
Notwithstanding the unfavorable con
ditions, there are m*ny followers of old
Walton who will take pot luck mil, ruin
or shine, they expect to return with some
fish if they have to bur them. The best
streams nearest of access are in Mann,
Sonoma and San Matoo counties.
The facsimile Slf? '^'>>^>'-' t ' yy. *"- : '- ** on every vapjw
•ignature of - y%a&Z?'Ca&&& of CASTOEIA.
ONLY ANOTHER
EXAMINER STORY
Chief Crowley Did Not Re
sign Nor Will He for
a While.
Police Commissioners Meet, but
Do Not Take Up the
Matter.
Captain Lees Anxoui to Gun the
Presmt Chief's Place— Bohen's
Cbanc-s
The Impending retirement of Chief of
Police Patrick Cr >wley has again come up
as a topic of interest in police circles
The oid Chief has been anxious to throw
off his uniform and retire into private life,
and he only refrained front doing so last
year because the law at that time required
a continuous service of twenty years to
entitle him to a pension.
The recent Legislature passed a bill,
which was sigued by the Governor, creat
ing a Board of Police Pension Commis
sioners, and the three existing Police
Commissioners were appointed to con
sider pension matters. The bill also stip
ulates that twenty years in tbe aggregate
instead of Consecutive service entitle an
officer to a pension of one-half the salary
of his particular rank.
This bill was introduced more particu
larly to meet the case of Chief Crowley,
who in two terms has served this City in
an official capacity for more than twenty
throe year*. He therefore proposes to re
sign his office at the earliest possible op
portunity, just as he proposed to do
twelve months ago.
There is one contingency, however,
which cuts quite a figure in the Chief's re
tirement. His long-lile friend. Judge
Tobin, who is one of the Police Commis
sioners, and likewise one of the pension
commission, hopes to make him a di
rector of the Hibernia Bank. This has
been on the tapis for a long while, b t the
meeting of the bank ppople to decide upon
this new move is to be held in the remote
future, and not until then will Chief
Crowley present his resignation.
One of the features in connection with
tho former Li I has been weighed with
care, and is a stumbling block in toe way
of Chief Crowiey's action in tbe matter of
resigning. This feature is the action
taken against thn legality of ttie raise of
salary. The matter will Le heard before
Judge Seawell to-morrow, and if the bill
is decided to be constitutional there will bo
nothing in the way of the Chief present
ing his resignation, excepting that the
Hibernia Bank directorship will 9 tilt bto
too far in the prospective..
The probable accessor to Chief Crowley
is Captain Lee«, Captain Wittman being a
close second in the choice. The veteran
detective is very anxious for the place,
and he does not look with pleasure at the
close run Wittman, witn scarcely a decade
of service. is giving him.
Chief Crowley was considerably annoyed
at the publication of the story mat be had
tendered his resignation, which he char
acterized as absolutely false.
"Every one knows," he said, "that I
have been desirous of retiring from active
service since I tendered my resignation
about a year ago, after the death of my
son.
"After the amendment to the pension
bill, which permitted me to retire at any
time, w«s signed by the Governor, I told
The Call that I would not retire just at
present as there was a certain contingency
in the way, but as soon as that contin
gency was removed I would probably ask
to be placed on the pension list.
"The publication of my retirement to
night i 3 altogether premature, as I am
not yet in t. position to do so. It is no
true that my resignation is in the hands
of the Commissioners, but I may as well
state that it is not now necensury for any
one qualified to be placer! on the pension
list to tender his resignation, as the
amended act provides that the Commis
sioners may, if they see fit, retire any
one without calling for his resignation.
"The regular quarterly meeting of the
Pension Commissioners takes place on
Monday next; but, of course, they can at
any time meet and transact business.
They may do so to-night; but I know
they will not do anything looking to my
retirement unless with my full consent
and approval.
"I havo a business proposition under
consideration, and if it should be settled
to-nignt there is nothing to prevent me
from retiring. If it should not be settled
to-night, as I have no expectation that it
will, then I will wait till the proper time
arrives. That may not be for some weeks
yet.
"My daughters have been pressing me
to retire for a long time, and if I had ac
ceded to their wishes I would have done
so as noon as the amendment to the pen
sion b'Al was passed. I want rest, as lam
60 years oKI now. and after my long years
of service I think lam entitled to it. But
I am not going to Ho anything definite
until I can see my way clear.
"You may rest assured that the Com
missioners will do nothing to force me to
retire, but, on the contrary, I think they
would rather that I should remain.
"My successor has been talked of, and
Captain Lees will be the man. He is en
titled to the position from his long years
of faithful and efficient service. It was
not intended to mane that public until it
had been consummated, but there has
been a leak somewhere. It was only
known to myself, the three Commissioners
and Captain L?es, although ex-Judge
Louderback hin. an inklinc of it."
Ben Bohen, with a score of years' service
as a detective, a most popuiar man, has
been mentioned a« Lees' successor. In
•peaking of the affair yesterday Bohen
said :
"AH this talk of Chief Crowley's resic
nation, Lees' promotion and my good
fortune comas on me suddenly. I don't
know anvtbing about it. Of course, if
Captain Lees goes out I hope to take his
place. I am proud to think tbat my
name comes up in this connection."
THE POLICE TRIBUNAL.
Trial of the Men Found in a Saloon
on Bush and Montgomery
Streets.
The Police Commissioners at their
meeting last night did not have tbe resig
nation of Chief Crowley before them, nor
did they form themselves into a meeting
of tbe Pension Commissioners.
The only effect of the prognostication
of a morning paper was to disorganize
and disquiet the department for some
hours.
Policemen John Rainsbury, Albert E.
Holmes, Dennis J. Daley, Thomas It.
Lingford and William H. Harrison were
tried for being in a saloon on Bush street
while on duty.
Rainsburv, Holmes and Daley were
each fined $100; the oase against Harrison
(rat di-nii-s^d, as there was no proof
against him, und tbe case of Langford
was continue 1 for h we-k.
It is calculated that tne earth weighs
nbout 6. 049. 836,000,000. W0 tons.
''V' '_ __"! . KEW TO-DAY-
;: ■ Something to cat and something nice to set before our guests is an all absorbing
question for the housewife from day to day. It there is one place in town where
everything needed is to be had
under one roof, and at the right HP^fc fl ■ BF% B r "TB ■■ *HSSI ff\
price and of the genuine qual- Hp^ m §j nrtr* ssLa U£M ESa uln urn
ity, answering the requirements *■ |^^ H\K n««a ml vL*9
of the '.' ' . ■ ' ■■' ■■■ " i. . .—..--. " ,-■-. ■*■ Hm■- ™™ ■ ■ r■■ "^
Law, that place i 3 at 25-2;* Market St., S. F.. Cal., U. B. A., near the new Ferry Depot.
.Please make com oarisoas of prices and try and prove ttie quality of goods off.-red.
CANNED GOODS. * MISCELLANEOUS.
Oysters, best 1-1 b. tins, JiaUlmore. 6c Clothes Tins, best, per dozen . lo
T22.ISS stL ce n b d™rcur P Tc - d . pa . :::::::: ■ £ [ lcur s;lierSl h^ " ach .......:;::::.... i oo
t-tring Beans, Hnest Lake vounty... 35c L > e > CO!lCHn »ra:<d, noted mate 4o
Sardines, best American goods ;.. ".. 3c ' emo " Sugar, by a noiod packer. 80
asp berries in cans, :u!iv warranted;. .::... s«j Holmes' salt, 15c pAck&ces 40
Mlced Apricot', b's- in maiket loc Wash Basing wool flbre .'. 3c
Sgh-cia^ea'c^^ l^, ' & s STST'S style.... 5,c
' *. .. .. V ,"•••:•• . . Suoe Dresslas. 15c quality. 5c
GOODS IN GLASS. ' Satlnola, for Russet 5h0e*....;...-. So
Fine Home-Made Jelly, pnre...... 6c mS^S^^SSS^ST. ~~M"- ' " it
Orange Marmalade, nome made, fure....... 15c Little Work Hu.-ke.s, lor children '.'" 2o
anc M. re i" , ultB - -»«c S rade..... 35c Hand c tplint baskets, small .\^..... 3c
Piccalilli, home male, warranted t» ,• ftr4 . , _""
Home-Pacied Tomatoes, in glass 10c • ODD LOTS.
OTHER GOODS. i 1 * 5 " Banm's Harvest Oil, means 4c
Pra v^,, ,_ , Hign-pral^ illninc nilei, box 91. 55
Esg Noodles, 10c packages... 5c Boys' Little Carts, wood. 9 inch .... To
t?.°> i- n i an y> line s ' ana be ? 1 • 8c Gents' In .set Congr sho extra. St. 39
Raisins, lar«e«nd flne. 51em1«55...... 4<- adits' i.v set Button >ho«-s Sl.a9
Xeene'sh-gUshßlue. lc Loirs' or ,c its' laitcta .-loves ...:.. 5J
trearnMaiz. hnemusb -....: 7,: Men's Gocd Leather u.ovei i: 5a
tauty Dried Pears & c Men's lien: Workin: -l.ins 330
tine California Prune 5.......... 3 O child's btiong Back Hose 80
To-morrow is Fishing day and sporting goods generally. .
Saturday will be Clothing day for men, women and children.
Every day or any day you'll find us willing to sell bargains.
Alaska tourists and seafaring men will make headquarters here.
. Our Hammocks have arrived, 33 kinds; prici 50c up.'
Our Ladles' and Children's Hats are to hand; price 15c up.
Our Shoe sale yesterday was a grand surprise to everybody.
BUM )fi *» / Vi.^iQ^ Jh« mIL tmLm
■^Jfegjili/ STORE,
MARKET ST.. NEAR FERRY.
■■^ Mj BN^ MM AM ■ * ■ df& J^ ' * ' ' ' ;■ ' .'* ■ '
PARTIAL LOSS J^\
OF MANLY M. . V
rllWrn \WI V I
rusiLn \*l vi I
13 A WEAKNESS WHICH DESTROYS ONE'S Nfitfi'Tfo /'ij&JKSteSy M.
* ambitious purposes, deadens the spirits IP*T] nfflryflflP^^— lm\|R
and blights youth. It is either the result A^f^'^i^^SKß^ t£i&&2'a
of early abuses or later excesses. A thou» r (, ('(ifflHfl Bra?rfflff^fff r
' sand ills and disappointments, lite thorns */f^"fj)Jfw^lt ,/ CuSSftESSSxii
in the flesh, must be suffeiei by those A 1 " •-* i'^^^BS^^i^
who have •wantonly abased their manly <=-Y J^ r ( "•' $-l?i^ 'AE*^sK^
attributes. It results in tired teclinsrs, e/^.M^^Wi^^
dizziness, paralysis, softening of the brain. vJ&£zt!i*( ".Bf^^^a^-l-e^/^^^^^^^^i-
we^k organs, failing manhood, despond* — -v.- ~~ -. "; >11l - v T >J r' *°
«ncy, fear of impending' dancer, bashful- DOCTOR SWF4NT
ness, piniDtes, loss of memory and h wan- LfyJKaXKJO. avY£l " 1 '
derlng mind. Amnhtr the "MARRIED it Whose Reputation Is KAtablished by
creates DISCONTENT, DISAPPOINTMENT, Ten Years of Unparalleled Success
DISSATISFACTION, TROUBLE. It has at 737 Market Street, San Francis 30.
caused more despair than nil other evils . *
combined. It unfits the sufferer for study, business and the social or married relation*
of life. If, you are a sufferer from this baneful weakness you fhould consult Doctor
Sweany. He can posiiiyely and permanently strengthen your weakened organs and restore
your failing mannood. The sufferer should bear in mind that no two case* can be cured
with the same treatment, as no two cases are alike. This is why Doctor Sweany has no
single remedy which he deals out as a "cuie-all," nor any mechanical contrivances such
as "electric belts," which are heralded to the world as a remedy for all ills. His medical
education condemns .such methods. Every case that he undertakes to cure is treated
scientifically with such remedies and such means as in his judgment that particular casa
- requires ia order to effect a speedy and permanent cure.
A Weak Back is an unmistakable sign of diseased kidneys. . Does your back ache
- ■ .Do you have pains in the sides, suffocating feelings, palpitation of
the heart, deranged stomach and a bloated condition of the stomach and bowels T ■ Do yon
have sedimenr or br.ck-dust deposits? Have you weakness of the organs, partial or total
.'■•■ impotency, prematurity or quickness? If you have any of these symptoms you have
. diseased kidneys. To neglect these troubles means to you Diabetes or Bright's Disease and
a premature crave. Doctor Sweany cures these diseases.
Vari,-nrol» Hydrocele, Piles, Fistula, Weak Organs Stricture, swelling and tenderness ot
i vanwuvcic, the organs and glands treated with unfailing success.
Runtlire New method, sure cure, painless treatment ; id knife, no detention from work,
F . no experiment. A positive, certain and permanent cure.
Ladies will receive careful and special treatment for all their many ailments.
YVritA if away from the eitr, as DOCTOR SWEANY has a system of home treatment that ia
W rile entirely his own. Thousands are cured at home. Book, "Guide to Health," a treatise
on all the organs and their diseases, iree on application. Strictest confidence observed.
Add res i
F. L. SWEANY, M.D., 737 MARKET STREET, S. F.
' * '■--';■"
r — — * /|g!
A Kentucky editor has a friend who talks to him in this way : " I attrib-
ute all the disorders of the system to the stomach ; when ' the stomach is all
■ right, we are well and happy. For a long time I suffered from the worst form
of habitual constipation. Sleeplessness and nervousness set in, and at times I
was so melancholy and out of sorts that life was a burden. An advertisement
, in our local paper induced me to give i
RIP-ANS TABILES
a trial, and they have completely cured me. I can say for Ripans Tabules,
they are, in my opinion, the best medicine for constipation on earth. They
accomplished for me what all other remedies failed to do. lam all right now
—sleep well and life is worth living. I believe the Tabules put my stomach
' in shape, and the i stomach did the rest. My general health is better than it
- •was for years previous."
I . ,
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR.-RICORD of Paris is the
only, remedy, for restoring strength* under
guarantee. - and will bring t back your ; lost
powers ; and <; stop forever the . dangerous
drains on your system. They act quickly,
crea'e *a. healthy, digestion, pure, rich
blood, firm* muscles, rugged strength,
steady nerves ana clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. ': Price per ; box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.50. For sale by all re-
spectable druggists.. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt" attention.
For sale by Dr. V. Condory, 460 Quincy
Building, Chicago. -<. ; ; .
Weak Men and Women
SHOtJLO OSE D AMI ANA BITTJEKS. THE
great ' Mexican Remedy: gives Health and
Btrooctlt to in* eexual OrKaas.
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
J{ jrn? A T Properly prepared and
IVI M /A I promptly served, can "
IVli^i *»*-^ always bo obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T-\ :AT A/11 < ;
Most Popular MA I A I H
! Dining ; Apart- ,;A;. I*.JUfJr\\*iX-A
! men t ; in town. ekb9b^bi^ekhb«i9ks .
! o<H><KK>o-0-O<>CKH>
• Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc. -/
CURED BY
; Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder ■
: Paris, J.ESPIC; New York.E.FOUOERA&CO.
•. ■•;.■; .'■• SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS, • ./..^
56
THUHSDAY APRIL 1, 1897
CHARLES M. SMORTRIUUb,
Editor and Proprietor. . • .
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postaje Free: f;
Dally sud Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally snd Sunday Cam,, one year, by ma 11 . .. 6.00
Daily md Sunday Cam, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Daily and Sunday Cali., three months by mall 1.80
Dally fcucl Sunday Call, one month, by mull.. .65
bunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
iJ.ki.j- Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
.7 JO Market Street,
mn Francisco, California.
Telephone , jlain-1868
' i "• EDITORIAL ROOMS:
'■V ' El 7 Clay (street
Telephone.. .'. Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
' 827 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
©:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
t\V, corner fll 1 1 ninth and .Mission streets, open,
until 9 o'clock. .
•.MS Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
. 167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9 :3U o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
•treats; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB: \
9JB Broadway.
. EASTERN OFFICE:
Room* 31 «nd S2, 'M Park Bow. New York City.
o DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kaa:ern Manager.
IHli CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
They call themselves powers, but they
Beem to be powerless.
If any European stat?sman has a Levan
tine policy that will work now is the time
for him to rut it on exhibition.
The Cubans have now lost two com
inanders-in-chief, but there are others to
taKe their places and the fight for freedom
goes on as bravely as «>ver.
Money subscribed to the boulevard fund
wi.l carry comfort to the home of many a
workingman and aid in opening a grand
avenue for pleasure and profit.
Sarah Bernhardt advises women to Wear
mantillas to the theater instead of hats.
Bue says they look better in that head
dress, and perhaps that will settle it.
"We may yet be called upon to snbscriDe
to a relief fund for the people of the
flooded districts of tue Mississippi. They |
have had a bad time this year and the
river is still rising.
When the dweller in the Mississippi
Valley crawls into a cellar to escape a
cyclone the flooas drive him out; when
he climbs a tree to escape the flood a
cyclone blows him off his perch, and there
is no help for him.
The possibility that tho Spanish authori
ties in Cuba may determine to treat
Rivera as an insurgent bandit and shoot
him affords the United States a Rood
opportunity to interfere and insist that he
shall be treated as a prisoner of war.
A few days ago a statement made in the
House of Commons was greeted with a
cry of "Tommy Rot," and on Tuesday a
statement mada in the House of Repre
sentatives was met with a cry of "rats,"
so between the two bodies parliamentary
honors are even.
At the coming exposition in Pans the
French will take np the Chicago idea of
a parliament of religion, but will carry it
further by providing for an exhibit as far
as possible of the work which has been
done by the various religions^f the earth
for the bsnefit of humanity.
It is believed in some quarters that
Cleveland went duck-shootine after leav
ing office simply to escape the trouble of
house-moving and laying the carpets la
his new place at Princeton. Mrs. Cleve
land having now finished that work,
Grover is expected to return soon.
There was a fierce prize-fight in New
York on Tuesday night despite the efforts
of a rival pugilistic club to prevent ii by
injunction, but the New York papers will
continue to turn ap their noses at Nevada
and talk about the depravity of a com
munity whfen permits such things.
The dedication o! tr.e Grant monumert
in New York is designed to be one of the
greatest and most imposing ceremonies
ever held in the United States. The
Eastern papers give a large amount of
space to the preparations being made for
it, and everything promises that the ob
servance of the day will be National in its
scope.
It is reported tnat some of the people
whose orange groves in Florida were de
stroyed by the great frost a few years ago
have now come to the conclusion that the
frost was a blessing, as it compelled them
to devote tbeir lands to the cultivation of
strawberries, out of which they are now
making twice as much as they ever made
on oranges.
The proposed pure food congress to be
held April 30 should be attended by in
fluential delega:es from all parts of the
State. The business to be considered by
the congress concerns every home and it
is desirable that the people should work
together to put an end to the sale of
adulterated food products in any portion
of California.
The first two months of the present year
are said to have been more disastrous to
marine insurance men than any similar
period in twenty years. It is estimated
that British companies alone have lost
orer two million sterling on shipwrecks
during January and February. Whi.e it
promises tobua year of piosperity to land
industries it has opened very gloomily
for those of the deep sea.
An Ohio factory is said to have received
orders from England for 42,000 pairs of
shoes, and of course the free-traders will
quote it as a proof tnat protection to the
shoe industry is not necessary. The peo
ple will remember, however, it took many
years of protection to build up our big
shoe factories in opposition to the cheap
labor of England, and they will not be
inclined to tear it down now that we are
about to beat the British in their own
market.
A striking illustration of the advan
tages of a protective tariff was re
cently given by Dalzell of Pennsyl
vania by contrasting the conditions
of life for workin-.Ttien in Sheffield and
Pittsburg — two cities which are rivals in
many branches of industry. In the Eng
lish city there are penury, low wages,
ignorance and lack of culture, while in
the American city there are Iree schools,
high wagi's, independence and intelli
gence. If these conditions are to be
changed, said Dalzell, it should be by
bringing Sneliield up to the standard of
Pittsburg and not by bringing Pittsburg
down to the level of Sheffield.
ON TO VICTORY.
The Hou?e of Representatives has passed the Dincley tariff bill over which it has
been for two weeks fluttering on the wines of oratory. It utilized the very last minute
of its time— which was limited to the 31st of March— as The Call predicted, but we
cannot bring ourselves to find fault now that the great object has been actually at
tained. There is much to be thanktul for in the circumstance that it passed even at
the last moment, instead of going over, until the regular meeting of Congress next
autumn.
Mark the difference between a Republican administration's manner of following
up its eiec:ion issues and pledges and that of m Democratic administration a* exem
plified in the one which rode into power on a high wave four years azo. Tlie wran
gling and dallying which ensued over the tariff after Cleveland stepped into office
sickened the whole country. The Democrats had an overwhelming majority in the
House and a comfortable majority in the Senate, yet after months of childish pulling
and hauling and filibustering they could only turn out a sicklj little bill which their
Presi ent was ashamed to sign! Nothing more absolutely ridiculous was ever heard
of in the legislative history of any country in the world.
Mr. McKinley came into office on the 4th of March. Within twenty-seven days
from that time a special session of Congress has been called, a great and complicated bill
vitally affecting the revenues and industries of the whole country has been drawn up
and concurred in by all the Republican members of the Houss, and that bill haa been
passed and aunt on to the Senate as a practical body of business men alone knew how
to do it. All this in less than a month, mind you — the fulfillment ot a Republican
promise that was not made simply for campa gn purposes.
Of course, the Republican Senators will maintain their party's repute and go sen
sibly to work as soon as the bill reaches them. There will be no wrangling amonc;
themselves and they will overcome the wranglings on the other side as speedily as
possible. There is a fair prospect that the bill will ro before President McKinley la
a very short time and that the loyal champion of protection, whose ringing truths
have thrilled the hearts of idle and hungry men for the past ten ye rs will at last have
the proud satisfaction of signing into the law of the land the measure which he has
battled for so long.
TRUTH ABOUT THE BOULEVARD.
It transpires from the report read before
the Boulevard Association at its meeting
Tuesday evening that the plan of building
a boulevard was under course of diligent
incubation long before the question of
relieving the "unemployed took its pres
ent taneidle shape. A jrood many people
have assumed that the boulevard was
planned simply to lurnish worfc for idle
men; that it was an expedient rather
than an intrinsically desirable undertak
ing. The fact is that the "unemployed"
have been chiefly a means to an end, their
advent upon the scene flavins been rather
a fortuitous coincidence than anything
else.
It may strike the enlightened reader
that this divests the act of bestowing
relief upon the needy of its romantic
philanthropy and charity. But this is far
from being the case. The generou3 people
who contributed to the fund out of which
the needy are paid did so entirely from
charitable motives. They were not the
ones that knew of the previous boulevard
plans. They simpiy gave relief to their
unfortunate brothers and thought no
further one way or the other about it.
But the fact that the boulevard was a
thing of previous inception and arrance
ment is none the less gratifying. It adds
value to the work. The committee af
firms that "the boulevard, when com
pleted to Ingieside, will form the mo-t
important public improvement which has
been accomplished in our City for many
years. Connecting with t>e park at one
end and at the other wi'h the Ocean
House road and ocean highway, it gives
opportunity for a splendid drive or bi
cycle tour of about fifteen miles through
the most picturesque part of the City and
County. And the new roadways that wili
presently follow this one, from the Ingle
side and in a northerly direction, will give
the City what it has hitherto lacked but
greatly needed — an agreeablo and direct
route to the southern boundary of the City
and into the body of our peninsula."
This manifestly adds to our satisfaction
of seeing ihe work go on. It ought to
stimulate us to redoubled efforts to swell
the lund. Five hundred men nre daily
drawing from it $1 10 apiece, and the com
mittee tells us that tde contributions do
not keep pace with these disbursements.
As thero are only sixty days required in
which to complete the work, the fund
ought easily to be made to meet the neces
sary demands, and we have no doubt that
when the liberal citizens fully compre
hend this roint they will tuke particular
care that it shall do so.'
GENERAL RIVERA'S PATE.
General Euiz Rivera may, in the soli
tude of his prison cell, view the taking of
him by the Spaniards as a mishap, the
avoidance of which would have precluded
much ultimate disadvantage to the cause
for which he has been plyins: the sword.
It is quite as probable that bis admiring
followers are also nurturing the same
gloomy conviction. Yet it may turn out
that the general's mistake in getting
caught will result in exactly the reverse of
what he apprehends.
To a mind at this distance from the af
fair it looks as though Mr. Rivera had
been selected as a shining mark for God
to love, attestation whereof is to be re
vealed in the eventual evolution of him
into a martyr whose personal misfortune
shall redound to the general eood.
In their first flush of exultation at the
novelty of having a gentleman close
enough for them to examine without fear
of getting kicked out of doors (doubtless
they had him chained), the Spanish high
waymen naturally conceived the amiable
notion of shooting him to see how he
would like that. The effect of torture
upon any live thing is an entrancing
study with the ordinary savage. And the
safety of getting so inconvenient a person
as General Rivra out of their way also
appealed to these savages of the Spanish
army, as did likewise the military distinc
tion of coart-manialing somebody, which,
of course, always fills with pride an army
that hasn't sense enough to feel the latent
gravity of a warrior's death.
Hence General Rivera's position is that
of a Cuban insurgent taken as a soldier of
war and threatened with execution by the
soldiers of the other side, who took him
prisoner. Of course his execution under
such circumstances would be unwarranta
ble and against all the conventions of
modern war as recognized by interna
tional agreement. Thi* p aces martyrdom
upon the helpless --risoner, and raises an
issue which may be turned to a salutary
advantage for the ca. se in whose interest
the martyrdom is suffered. Let the Span
ish cut-throats make a move to murder
General Rivera and the way is open ior
the United States to step in and, by pre
venting the outrage, raise the battle upon
a plane where Spain will have to be decent
or retire from the field. It is inconceiva
ble that this country could stand passively
by and Buffer any such cri me to be per
petrated, and to our way of thinking it
will only be necessary for the Spaniards
to attempt it in order to get themselves
jerked np faca to face with a few ship
loads of American sailors. One can fore
see in such an event a signal change in
the Cuban situation, with the advantage
all on the side of the insurgents.
The House laid aside discussion of
the tariff bill long enough to adopt a joint
resolution appropriating $250,000 for the
relief of the flooded tiiitricti of the Mis
sissippi, and or a time men of all parties
bad an era of good feeling in the com
mon sentiment of charity and patriotic
public ipiriL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1897.
GOING INTO THE COUNTRY.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation has become alarmed at the ten
dency of impure food to drift into the
interior of the State when routed out of
San Francisco. Canned adulterated meats
and fruits are, it is everred, surreptitiously
coming off the shelves hereabouts and go
ing forth into the country to try a change
of air.
That a change of air might do them
good the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association is not prepared te deny, but
that they will not do the air any good is a
conviction upon which every member of
the board is ready to take his stand and
tight to the bitter end. That is why a
Pure Food Congress is shortly to be held
in the Chamber of Commerce in this City,
wiih the members of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association as its prime
movers.
The purpose is to drive spuiious victuals
out of not only San Francisco, but the
wholo State. Possibly the reform may
not be extended to the hanging of every
scoundrel who has been adulterating food
in these regions, and that of course will be
regrettable, but there is hope that the
tainted food itself may be pursued and
exposed so persistently as to discourage
the villains from further criminality in
that direction. There are a few stages lefl
unrobbed. We suggest the ransacking of
them as a compromise between food cor
ruption and honest toil.
The congress is to be held on the 30th of
this month. Governor Budd will be asked
to name fifty delegates or representatives
from various parts of the State, and t.ie
Supervisors of each county will be
requested to select ten more from their
respective shires. Evidently the pro
jectors rely largely upon the size of the
gathering to impress the evil-doers- they
wish to have it virtually a universal pro
test, so general, so conclusive, so sweep
ing, that even a nature capable of adul
terating food may comprehend the verdict
and become afraid to continue his vile
offenses.
fORAKER PAVORS TRUSTS.
All of the railroad companies whose
i lines enter Chicago from the east— barring
the Chicago and Grand Trunk — have been
apprised that the Interstate Commerce
Commission in Washington has its eye
on them. They are calmly expected to
deliver up before April 10 all biils of lad
ing and "other evidences of shipment of
products" between the dates of April 1,
! 1896. and March 1, 1597; and also to at
tempt no funny business in the matter of
rates in the future.
The railroad officials, emerging from
the discomfiture into which these uncom
promising refreshments of the memory
must have sank them, lift up reproachful
voices to deprecate any intention to cheat
which t tie Commerce Commission might
have imputed to them, and are disposed
to regard the summons as a painlul reflec
tion upon their honor. But nothing i«
'left for them to do but to put their feel
ings in their pockets and send the infor
mation which tne commission has de
manded; and the United Press corre
spondent ingenuously explains that "they
are afraid to be caught furnishing falsa
atat»m»ntQ " ■
The Supreme Court decision, as re
viewed in The Call a few clays ago, wa3
no dream. The raiiroad companies are
being startled into a vivid realization of
'hat every time they lapse in the faintest
degree into the old unconsciousness of tue
people's rights. Already the officials of
the big Western roads have practically
hidden a regretful farewell to the con
demned Western Freight Association.
The association will not be literally dis
solved, however, because the officers of
it hold contracts for their positions at
$10,000 a year each and ihe contracts will
not expire for nearly two years yet. The
holders of them will therefore be retained
in the employ of the various road < and
act as a bureau of information, furnishing
to each road monthly a statement of what
all the other roads have been doing. Thi*
ingenious plan wiil effectually discourage
rate-catting on the sly and may answer
one of the principal purposes of the
former combination. The Excellent cir
cumstance, however, that the roads will
all be jealous of one another and at
smothered warfare instead of dovetailed
in a cheerful clique to conctrtedly beat
everybody else will remain to solace the
pub.ic mind.
It is to be noted that Senator Foraker
has introduced a bill to license railroad
combinations, with a commission to look
after them and keep them from going
wrong. The "orders and hnd nes' of the
commission are to be accessible to any
United States Circuit Court for review,
and appeals to the Supreme Court will b>
provided for. The pdst of the bill seems
to be that Senator Foraker believes that
recognized agreements between a number
b! roads in the matter of preserving uni
form rates are desirable, if kept within
reasonable limits and subjected to gov
ernmental supervision. If the "govern
mental supervision" could, by some moral
miracle, be always depended upon to act
for the people instead of for the roads— or
rather to act as fainy for one as for the
other— this clan might do. Otherwise it
has a dubious look about it.
According to a correspondent of the
New York Am many of the smaller towns
In Maine have become too poor to support
their municipal governments. Six towns
nave already obtained from the Legisla
ture permission to return to the old form
of plantation government and others have
applied for the same privilege. In many
places the enterprising people are moving
for the West and abandoned dwellings are
common. That is what the Deroocra ie
tariff has done for Maine, bat fortunately
for the people of :he brave old State a
change is at hand.
PtR ONAL
M. Relnsteln of Portland is in town.
Ex-Congressman Caminetti is in the City.
C. D. Brown of Miles City ii on a visit here.
K. Kirby of London is among the late arri
vals.
J. Smith of San Jose is at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
11. S. Prendergast of Pokegama has come to
the City.
Cyrus Walsfleld of Walsfleld, Mass., it at the
Occidental.
George W. Chandler, a rancher of Santa Crui,
is in town.
K. J. Sweeney, a business man of Seattle, la
in the City.
H. P. Wvgant of New York is among the late
arrivals here.
The Rtfv. W. A. Brewer of Sacramento li at
the Occidental.
Louis Sacks of Dry Run, Pa., is at the Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
Charles W. O'N'eil, an attorney of Walltce,
Idaho, Is in town.
Paul M. Weymar ol Yokohama arrived here
on the Rio yesterday.
John S. Hawley, a wholesale grocer of New
York, is at the Palace.
Charles Rule of Duncans Mill?|came down
to the City lest night.
Charles Summers, a lives tock man of Bishop
Inyo Countr, is at ttie Russ.
Robert D. Hemermann, a business man of
San Diegc, is oaa visit here.
Dr. Clennell Frenwick of London is among
the arrivals at the Baldwin.
Henry F. Winnes. proprietor of a general
store at Reedley, is at the Uraud.
The Rev. Thomas Lacy of Brooklyn, N. V., is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
The Rev: Charles E. Locke, an Episcopal
minister of Portland, Or., is in the City.
A. E.. Fibiger of Denmark was one of the
passengers by the Rio de Janeiro yesterday.
J. Butler, a prominent young businessman
of San Luis Obispo, is at the Cosmopolitan.
K. H. Davis, manager of 8. Hernsneim Bros.
<$: Co. (Limited) of New Orleans, is in the City.
Robert Lewis, a sugar-Dlanter of Hawaii, ar
rived here yesterday. He is at thoOceidontaL
D. E. Knlcht, the banker, manufacturer and
steamboat owner of Marysville, is at the Lick.
Oswald Miller Robertson of Glasgow, Scot
land, arrived here yesterday. He Is at the
Palace.
B. H. I'Dhara of Martinez, one of the leading
wine-growers of California, is here on a busi
ness trip.
J. C. Sheehan and wife, who have returned
from Vk-ksburg, Miss., are staying at the Cos
mopolitan.
The Rev. B. B. Masten and Mrs. Masten of
Halfmoon Bay, are on a visit here. They are
at the Occidental.
W. H. Morton, Mrs. Morton and Sam J. Mor
ton, of Salmon Falls, N. H., arrived herd yes
terday, and are at the Palace.
Joseph Kipley *nd Mrs. Rlpley of Boston are
at the Palace. They are accompanied by Dr.
(j. C. Simmons of Sacramento.
R. H. Steams, a mill ionaire merchant of Bos
ton, is at the Palace. He is accompanied by
Mrs. Steams. They are here on a pleasure
trip.
A. Wesermanti, a German globe-trotter, who
has bwn doing the Orient /or some time past,
is here for a short stay, and will then proceed
East.
J. A. Strowbridge, owner of the Strowbridgre
block, Portland, and one of the pioneers there,
is at the Lick. He is one of the wealthiest
property-holders of the Webfoot Btate.
A number of prominent Buffalo (N. V.)
people, forming a party, are at the Palace.
They consist of Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Packard,
Mrs. E. H. Packard, Mrs. A. E. Maytham. Miss
Maytham and Frank Maytham.
CALIFORNiaNS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, K. V., March 31.— At the St.
Cloud, J. A. Brill, T. Brophy. L. W. Brown;
Astor, J. B. Luther, A. C. Hoover; Murray
Hill, J. D. Johnson; Grand Union, J. M. Ste
venson, Stephen G. Chapman. John Manners
and Mhts Clara Rice left the St. Cloud' and
sailed on the New York for Southampton.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Brcwster Valentine of San
Jose. Cal., and Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Walrond of
Fresno, Cal., sailed for Europe.
APPRtCJAiG If.
Salinas Index. .
Yesterday's San Francisco Call contained
another write-up of Salinas city and valley,
this time a number of our business houses
and several of our prominent citizens receiv
ing attention. A very good likeness of Hon.
J. P. ( arr and an excellent picture ot the
Bperry fiourmills are given.
THE ANTLIRUaT DECISION
This decision overrules the fajnous decision
of Justice Shiras approving and upholding
such combinations. It upsets the decisions of
Judges Lacombe and Wallace last Friday,
which held that tbe anti-trust laws did not
apply to railroads. It begins a new era in the
history of the relations of railways to tne peo
ple. It opens the way to a mortal blow at
those great trusts and monopolies such as the
Standard Oil Company, the Dressed Beef
Trust, the Grain Elevator Trust, that rob the
Deople and grow fat on extortion by means of
the railway associations. This decision de
clares that the men who form the three great
railway combinations— the Joint Traffic Asso
ciation, tho Western Freight Association and
the Southwestern Traffic Association— are law
breakers. It compels them as good citizens to
disband. It brands them criminals If they do
not disband. — New York V. orld.
The important point in the Supreme Court
decision in the case of the Trans-Missouri
Freight Association against the railroad* that
enter into a traffic agreement for controlling
transportation and maintaining rates in their
territory lies in its holding that the Hherman
anti-trust act of 181)0 applies to railroad cor
porations and their traffic agreements. This
was the very point upon which the appeal was
taken, the court below having held that the
act did not apply.— New York Times.
The fact that four out of the nine Judges
forming the court held with the courts bolow
that the provisions of the anti-trust law do
not apply to railroad transportation may en
courage the rai'uonds to seek a colorable
evasion of the law with the expectation that
on a rehearing of the matter in its new aspect
the decision may be reversed. It is not con
tempt of court to recall a somewhat recent in
stance of the second thought of the Supreme
Court differing radically from its first judg
ment, tut until that reconsideration has been
had railroad combinations to maintain rates
must bo ranked with other illegal trusts.—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
The decision is to the effect that the defunct
Freight Association agreement to maintain
rates within a limited territory was in re
straint of trade and must be abandoned. As it
had already been abandoned, the decision, so
far as that particular association was con
cerned, was a shot fired into the air. Its ap
plication to any existing traffic or trust asso
ciation is yet to be shown. If it applies to all
associations ot this nature it is a very impor
tant decision. If it appiies only to one whose
agreement had not been drawn by a skillful
lawyjrit wlli prove ol email account.—Phila
delphia Tinier
MEN aKD WOMEM
Charles W. Fullerton will erect a handsome
lecture ball for the Chicago Art Institute in
memory ol his father, Alexander N. Fuller
ton.
William A. ( oaLe of Portsmouth, R. 1., who
recently celebrated his one hundredth birth
day, says that he has chewed tobacco for
eighty years.
The German Empress, It is said, has a tea
tray mat was beaten out ol an old Prussian
halfpenny, a teapot made ot a German farth
ing and tiny cups made from coin of the sev
eral German principajltioa.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Lovers of sacred music will learn with pleas
ure that Clarence E-tdy, everywhere acknowl
edged to be the leading American organist,
will pay a return visit to this City at the end
oiLsnt. On Palm Sunday, the 11th lnst.. he
will pl«y on the fine organ at Grace Episcopal
Church both for the morning and evening
services, and on Easter Sunday he wil; play at
mass and vespers at St. Ignatius Church on
the new organ, the largest and best pipe organ
on the Pacific Coast. Eddy has jus', been con
certizing Jn Texas, and is at present at Phoe
nix, Ariz., where he yesterday inaugurated a
new pipe organ, the only pipe instrument in
the Territory. The opening of the organ and
the recital by the king of American organists
were red-letter events in Arizona anuala. Last
Easter Eddy was in Rome, and, reniarjtable to
say. in the very city of Si. Cecilia, who is
popularly although erroneously believed to
have been a great organist, Eddy created a
profound impression. For Chicago to send au
CARENCE EDDY,Who Will Make Easter Music in This City.
organist to Rome looks at first sight like ship
ping coals to Newcastle, but the Eternal City
does not boast an organist of Eddy's ability,
and the American's recital was quite an
event.
Quite a stir has been made in the musical
world by nn interview with the celebrated Wag
nerian conductor, Felix Mottl, which was
published in Le Gaulois. Mottl was quoted
as saying that Weber misjudged Beethoven,
Rubinstein and Wagner, and that Wagner was
unjust to Brahms. The interview goes on to
say: "There is actually no musical move
ment in Germany at present, no young com
posers who promise anything — there is
nothing, nothing, nothiug, except complete
empUness. With one or two exceptions, such
as iiumperdinck, the composers of Germany
to-day are only mediocrities. It looks as If
the genius of Wagner, by its grandeur, dis
courages all other genius." When asked his
opinion about Trench music Mottl is quoted
as giving a very different opinion : ' 'In France
there is a real upward movement. I see the
beginning of a school which will make lis
way. As for Italian music, it Is ended as far
as Germany is coucerned. With the exception
of 'La Cavallcrla' and 'I Pagliacci' the Gorman
public won't listen to Italian operas." Natur
ally enough this interview crented a great
protest in Germany, whereupon Felix Mottl
came out in the Badische Presse and said;
"The statement that I said musical life is deu.fl
in Germany is entirely a dream of Le
Gaulois. 1 should have rendered myself torever
ridiculous by such a statement. I did remark
that in the field of lyric drama the French
have more facility than the Germans, who
still seem to be overshadowed by the genius
of Wagner." Mottl adds that every grand
effort in the artistic history of a country is
followed by a period of relative stagnation,
the best forces Lelng exhausted. He also says
that Humpcrdinck's "Hansel and Gretel" is
the best lyric work that Germany has pro
duced in recent years.
Operas based on Irish subjects seem to be
gaining in favor day by day, just as if com
posers were smitten with a sudden desire to
make np for the long neglect of tho rich field
for lyrio drama which lies in Irish legend and
Irish folksongs. The latest Ir.sh opera —
written by an English Hebrew, by the way, is
Isidore de Lara's "Moiena," of whose first pro
duction at Monte Carlo the critics speak in
terms of extravagant praise. Gallot, who
wrote the libretto, has placed his action in
Ireland at the end of the last century, just
when Lazare Heche essayed in vain to land
with a little French army to aid the uprising
of the Irish. The book is full of the vivid and
picturesque coloring which marks the works
of Merimee, who always reveled in popular
patriotism, and the whole story is clear,
simple and extiemely dramatic.
The first tableau is a talr sample of how
vivid the play of De Lara's new opera is.
Moiena, a young Irish girl, is betrothed to the
sailor Patrick, who returns home from sea to
take part ia the insurrection. Immediately
on his landing he and Moiena are married,
but Patrick is to leave her at the church door
to join the insurgents. While me ceremony
is going on the English soldiers arrive outside
the church looking for the rebel. Tho doors
are locked, but the Sheriff breaks them down.
At that instant the priest comes out, carrying
extreme unction to a dying man, and the
soldiers let him pass, followed by an assistant
bearing alighted candle. As they depart with
slow and measured steps the soldiers sud
denly suspect that the candle-bearer is Pat
rick, who canno. be found in the church.
"Fire," cries the Sheriff, but the English officer
i§ a Catholic, and refuses to command his
soldiers to draw "aur le bon Uieu," so Patrick
escapes.
According to the French critics, De Lara has
struck a happy medium, la "Moiena," between
the old forms of opera and modern
lyric drama. There is none of the
old melodia assoluta; he has too much respect
for the action of the drama to indulge in that;
but at the same time he never sacrifices the
voice to the orchestra. In the old operas the
orchestra was the slave of the voice, and in
modern lyric drama there Is a tendency to go
to the other extreme and make the voice the
slave of the orchestra. De Lara is said to have
liberated both from bondage in "Moiena," for
the voices and the orcuestra naturally sustain
and help one another. He has made his
strings sing in a very broad stye, and has ob
tained especially beautiful effects from the
hambois and the English horn. If the first
night accounts are to be trusted, "Moiena" is
an epoch-making opera.
It seems as if the modern French composers
ezcell least of all in melodic invention. They
can write highly dramatic operas and paint
remarkable tone pictures for orchestral con
certs, but they do not seem able to hit upon
tunes which catch the public ear, the sort of
tunes in which Bizet, Gounod, Ambroise
Thomas and the other famous writers of their
day excelled. Theodore Dubois, for instance,
is one oi the most esteemed of modern French
writers, and he is Ambroise Thomas' successor
as director of the Paris Conservatory. This is
what Le Journal dcs Debate says about his
legendary poem, "Notre Dame de U Mer,"
which Lamoureuz has just produced: "The re
ligious and maritime tableaus, chorus of
sailors, religious procession for the benedic
tion of the sea, the lamentations of a mother,
awaiting the return of the fishermen, etc., are
unrolled to melodic motives that our ears have
heard a hundred times, whose end we know
from the beginning. The least grain of me
lodic originality would give us intense satis
faction."
The lasting success of "Carmen." based on
one of Merimee'<j stories, has tempted another
composer to follow Bizet's example and go to
Merimee for a plot. The new opera, "Ines
Mendo," has already been accepted for this
season at Coven t Garden. The composer's
name is Frederic d'Erlanger, but he has taken
the pseudonym of F. Regnal.
Arthur Coquard, the well-known French
composer, has chosen a very timely period
for the first production of his new "Oriental
Episode" and orchestral suite in three move
ments. The composer has utilized real Greek
themes, sung by the peasantry of the Hel
lenes. The "Greek Dance" is said to be as
strikingly charae'erif lie and racy of the soi.
as the Spanish, Polish or Bohemian types of
music with which we are so lamiliar, or the
Scandinavian music, with which Greig is
making us fiiinliiar.
The Parisian papers have been publishing
comforting little brevities, assuring triends
and relations oi the French opera company
at the California that there are neither dead
nor wounded in the troupe, as a consequence
of the derailment of the train that brought
the singers here.
Theodore Mabellini, an Italian, well known
as ihe composer of many operas, masses, etc.,
has just died in Florence. He was born in
1817, and for many years was maestro di
camara c di cappella to the court of the
Grand Duke of Tuscany.
THE MiNUET.
Her dainty feet utep light y through
The mazPH of the mtnu- t :
And. oh! ii-.e sight of her sweet face
I think I never shall forget.
That qnaint old dance, the nir.lsh form,
Those petty, lUbilv tripping feet,
Those soft eyes and the waving hair,
I hey form a picture all complete.
Thp sunbeams through the casement peep;
Thc> golden network ol her hair
Imprisons them, and her bright eyes
seem to have caught the soarkles there!
The summer rlppii-s in her voice,
Her « y es are like the pans bloom,
The wild rose tint is in h*T cheek.
>he brightens up the dark o.d room.
The polished floor, the walls of oak,
'1 he tapestry upon the wall,
Form setting quaint for such a face, '
My love who fairest is of a I.
She'll dance through life's dull mazy paths
In just tne «elf-s.-me happy way.
Earth's sunshine is she, and ■ od gr*nt
In her pure heart love reign* vi way.
—From the Lady,
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
The Great Sachem of the Bed Men
Advocates the Observance of
i iiiiimiiiiy Day.
Great Sachem Sims of the Improved Order
of Red Men has issued an official circu
lar, in which he calls attention to the approach of
Tammany day. May 12, and granH dispensation
to all trlbrs of the order and to councils of the de
gree of Pochatio::tas to celebrate the day In a
manner appropriate to history and tradition. He
suggests that a.l past sachems identify themselves
with the recently organized Tast Organ
ization He closes with the announcement of the
follow Ing official visitations to be made during the
remainder of h a term as great sachem :
Onelda Tribe, Dutch Flat. April 12; Tahoe
Tribe, Truckee, April 16: Samoset Tribe. Vallejo
April 19; Otonkah Tribe, Napa. Apr 1 21: rhip
pewa Trir>e, San Mateo, April 22: Potloxvat:omle
Tribe, Haywards, April 28; Mineola Council, I) of
P.. Redwood City, April 26: M eta mom Tribe Rei
wood rity. April 26: Tecumseli Tribe, Oakland
April 27: Grey hagle Tribe, Oakland, April 28-
Councils of the Pegree of Pccahootas of San Fran'
Cisco in joint meeting in Red Men's building
April 29: - eminole Tribe, San Franc sco, May 26
Bantana Trib», Fort Bragg, May 28; An-Wah-Nee
Council D. of X, tort Bragz, May 28; Kiowa
Tribe, San Francisco. May 31: Ahwabnte 1 rib*
Qakland, June 2: Altabmos Tribe. San Francisco*
Juu • 29: Ahwashte Tribe, San Francisco, June
30
■ Mono Tribe has been increasing its membership
and is m King arrangements for the es abllsbment
of a council o the degree of Pocahontas.
Kepr»sentativ s of Miantonomah, Sotoyome
i'odoc and ilon;ez ma tribes vlslied Elrohnrst
yesterday to take not*s and obtain information as
to the wlßwtm ( otnanche . ribe is to have thr-r?
w th a view to investing in the stock of the haii
association that has charge of the construction of
the structure.
Pouawaitonile Tribe of Haywards will hold a
meeting un the 11th of May. when there will be a
public reception and an - illustrated ltc.ure on Mir
order will b« delivered. lne
O.honee lr.be will adopt six palefaces at its
meetinj next Wednesday. , - '"
Moooe Tribe win open the doors of its wigwam
to its frieDds on uexv Thursday night, on whi..h
occasion Great Cnief of Kecords C X Burrm.n
will give a "long talk" on "Sec. al Prcb ems in
addition there «tl be a splendid programme mid
then there will be -a tine spread of corn and v * „
Ko°od thTngf " lhe tribe ' v " rDaca!ar for » 'east
• The great chiefs will pay a visit to Tahoe Tr-h.
within a shor. time I The council of the decree of
focahomus Is to be institute t there atf Sree or
-• YweniUe Council of Alameda, Degree of Poca
hontas. during the month of -Mar. b ad.led tea to
its membership, lhe council has appointed a
comn.iuee to make arrangements P an enter
talnmeut to be «iven In the near futurv ;
Pawm-e • rlbe f . Mmedahis also been quite
busy ot late adopting prefaces, a" ts last he d
councl. two re cived the "option degree and two
palefaces made*, plicauoa to be Emitted Into
the cuuiii Is of j awiit- c.
y o, C re^va\ nnle *" b °* " b0 »^- ou'a'c*
Seven Pioe» Circle, Ladle. G. A. R. ,
There was a large and select audience at the
open meeting of Seven Pines Circle, Ladles of the*
Grand Army, given in the circle's all In .Native
Sous > building Monday., night. This , circle, ;of
which Mrs. LydlaL. Hinclcey Is president; .Mrs.
Mary Wa.son. senior vice-president; Mrs.' Abbfe
Powers, junior x vice-president. Airs.- M«rj«ret J
Griffiths, secretary,' and LenaShoulton. treas
urer, holds an open mcc. ing on " the inst . Monday
of every month and a ways has a large number of
friends who find pleasure M tne excellence of the
programme* .hat are presented. The first num
b«r of the programme which bad been prepared !
by the coinrattue ol arraiigeaen .,, .Mrs. Lo ette
Simpson icaalrman), Misa larker, km Bush m"
Miss Griffiths, was a song by Mis* Cornar, then
Master '.ordon executed a piano solo. Miss Katie
Kennedy and Miss Bow:ea sans? a duet, little Mls-t
Bow en danced a tambourine dune,-. .MUs H>mt«
Griffith* followed with a' Spanish dance, and Mrs.
A. J. Budd Rave two reel -at ions n negro dialect
that we: c so thoroughly appreciated that she was
not a: i one I to rest until she came forward and re
cited i "is it Anybody's Business?'! Mr-, yon l.la
di-rman was theac ompanist during be evening,
lhei fo lowed dancing, which was kepi up ua.il a
Th- I adl s of Seven Pines Circe have been quite
bu vof laic in .hewer of a'S-sting the dts.rei.svd
taniilles of o d soldiers of the war of the ri-belliuu,
and th^y nave »iso had much. to do in the circle
meetings. Dunne Murch i ther were itiltlHted
seven Candida es ana there are thiee more to be
initiated at the next me ting.
Loyal X bt-kah Lodge.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge No. 215, L O. O. F.. gava
an entertainment to .it* friends in Odd Fellows'
building last Holiday night- The a tenciancj was
large and the auditors were treated to a very in
teres ing programme, prepared by the committee
on entertainment, composed of Dr. A. >*. Copsey,
F. W. Warren, Mrs. J. G. Simpson. Miss LI! Lan B.
McKarlmiui and J. -V 'lertUe.-ou, anil present d
under the direction of In-, i opsey, who act< d v
master of oerrmomes. .-There was a vocal hO.o by
Mrs. F. Iko. a vio.ln duet, by Miss M. a. Van Dom .
and MHa Aunali Benson, Mrs. D. A. ITodga-aj
being the accompanln: recitation by MUs Zen*
Bodie, vocal solo ov Mrs. -Haipruner,- vocal sailu
by D. A Hodghead, reciiailou by** red *. Jaegi r
and several other nuruo.rs.. All were Swell re
ceived and ■ nc red. 'ihen came what many wt-rt
waiting fo , duncine. and that was kept up until
the (iicn. stra struck the last strains of the closing
number on the progtamroe, aid every one wen;
away with pleasant recollections of the evening.
Pocahontaa Council.
Pocabontas Council >*o. 3 of the Degree of Poca
hontas of the Improved Orier of Bed Men gave
another of Its pleasing socials in Sr. George's Hall
last Monday night to the satisfaction of Hie ma:ir
members and visitors preient. The affair was not
a purely social dance, for between daices iheri
ware in< r.»p9i9ed music, song and c ocutUn.
Unions those who participated were Miss Rose
Cohen, who nave • recitation: Jt'rofesior C. \\>is-l
Rave sdcctlois on the piano, John A. Jackson
enertained with ii recitation. .Mrs. • aroogan also
recited nna Miss Hlanthe Kramer cave an exhibi
tion if fancy dancing. 'I hia function wa« uudi-r
the direvtiun of .Miss L. Tilly, Mrs. J. W elsel, Alls*
J. Wairoth, M. Henry and tharies Weisel.
This council ha* bten quite active cf late, having
had sevtrui 'nltiatlotia. The members announce
another entertainment for April 26. -.
'•;.:>;. Young Men's Institute.
; There will bs a meeting of the Fourth District
Council in Mission Opera Hall on the 7th of April.
In thl* district, of which H. C Hail Is the deputy,
there are San Francisco, Ignatlan, Borromean
aDd Phil Sheridan councils. ■
District Deputy Rev. 0. K. o'Nelle visited Santa
Rosa Council recently. -'V\'
The next Grand' Council, which is to meet in
August, will convene In Santa Kosa.
Anthony Scnwamm is the principal mover for'
the establish men t of a board of organises for Los
Angeles and vicinity that shall have th*> super
vision of the southern part of the Mate in the mat
ter of organizing a.d advancing the order.
The mid directors, at the meeting to be held
on the 10th of April, - will arrange for a teriei of
OtHciul vi-its to the local councils.
Btrassmayer Council will give its first entertain
ment on April 27.
Under the auspices of Pioneer Council there was
a meeting last Thursday night of the members of
mat ci uncil and o( Mission, Loyola, Cathedral,*
Cooper and Strassmayer councils, when, atier a
long discussion, the councils deaared in favor of
a board of management thai, should have under Its
management the headquarters and look after the
affa rs affecting the local councils. The council
a so expressed the ide > of increasing the nnmoer
of associate members and of estab:ishing uniform
dues for the seme. During me meeting the mem
bers of Cathedral and sirasstnayer councils en
tered the meeting hall in a body. . ' .
WITH YGUrt Cot FEE.
"Ever had any experience in the new jour
nalism?" asked the editor.
"I got broke out in Denver once," said the
applicant for a job, "and had to drive a gar
bage wagon for two weeks."— lndianapolis
Journal.
"I don't believe that imported beer of yours
came from Germany at all," said Mr. Booce to
Mr. Schuappsverein.
"I pedt you five tollar. "
'•Oh, I won't bet; but it is mignty funny that
real German lager should make me want to
sing 'Wearing of the Green.' "—Cincinnati Ea<
quirer.
First Hen — Why don't you revenge yourse'if
on the master for killing and eating your hus
band?
Second Hen— Oh, I'm laying for him.— Judge.
"What kind of a wife shall a young man
marry?" asks a magazine writer. It strikes us
that he'd better not marry any kind of a ■wife.
Let him t&ice a widow or a single young
woman. — New York Advertiser.
.Townsend's California glace fruits, 50 cents a
pound in lire-etched boxes. P alace Hotel Bldg*
• — ■» — •— —
.Special Information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Prew
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
• » •
• Between Townsend's Glace Fruit— .
and prepared in California— and all others,
comparison is really absurd; 50c lb. in elegant.
fire-etched bxs. Try them. Palace Hotel bldg.*
... » — • ..
Gadsby— l suspect they've got a babyjup at
Norrls' house.
Walkins— What makes you think that
Gadsby— Oh, nothing in particular; only I
haven't heard him brag ; about his dog for a
day or two.— Boston Transcript.
Santa Fe Limited from San Francisco
Three and a Half Days to Chicago
Via !-anta Fe Route.
To accommodate our Northern California pa
trons, on April 2 and each succeeding Monday and
Friday the first-class Pullman sleeping-car leav.
Ing San Fiancisco at B P. m. will ■ connect at Bar
stow with the Santa Fe vesilbule train, carrying
dinlngcar. buffet, smoking-car snd Tuilman pal
ace drawing-room sleeping-cars for both , St. Louis
and Chicago via Kansas City. This shortens tha
running time twelve hours. Send for literature
descriptive of our route. San Francisco ticket.
office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building; tele
phone main 1631. Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
Railroad Tickets to the East via Rio
Grande 'Western and Denver and
Rio (>ra:i<lr Kuilway.
At lowest possible rates, with through Pullman
buffet and tourist sleeping car service everyday.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday. Onh- line permi:tiog
stop-over at Salt Lake City on a 1 classes of tickets
Detailed information and tlcke:s furuished at 14
Montgomery street, or 314 California street.
Chancre of '1 Iran.
Taking effect March -'B, the Northern Pacific
overland train will leave Portland at U a. m. In
stead of 1 p. m., thus making connection at Spo
kane for all points In the new Kootenai mining
district. Tickets at lowest rates to Kosslan t,
Northport and Trail. T. K. Stateler, general
agent, 63B Market street. San Francisco.
For Coughs, Asthma and Throat Disorders
"Broum's Bronchial Troches" are an effectual rem
edy. Sold only In boxes.
As a stomachic, .Then the digestive organs ara
Inactive and need stlmuiatlns:, especially alter
dinner, nothing can equal Aver's Pilis.
Alrv— l always siid that George Gliders was
crazy, and now he's proved that I was right.
Freddie— How's that ?
A fry— Why, you know ho merried Horatio
Milyun's only daughter, but in spite of that
fact he is holding on to his old job, and work
ing lor a living— Cleveland Leu >er.
■ . -_ _ _ _ ; xnew to-sat:
:•■? Absolutely Pure.
-. Celebrated i lor It i great • .cave, in . fstrenath and
nealthfulness. . Assures the .ood u'kn!r alum «Jl
an forms of aduUerat.cn common to .hifchW
Koyal BAicisa Po WDJta CO.. VoiATHVRsDAY APRIL 1, 1897
'; c; AMUSEMENTS.
Paittvix Theater -"His Grace De Gram-
nioat."
* California Theatkr.— "Rigoletto." (
California Thbatkb. — 'An Unequal Match, 1
to-morrow night. r
(< i imria Thkatee For Fair Virginia."
Colitmbia Thkatkr.— Concert this afternoon.
I>.( i:.^(<.. -> urtKA-HorsK ■ The Dago. -
Alcazar Theatkr New Blood s -
Tivon Opkba House. Don Juan."
I KMiKt-M.— lllgh-Class Vnudevllle.
Goi.i'KX Gate' Hall- Camll.a Vrso Friday
IliglH. = •:
tißitßON.— Grand Concert.
Mmhanics' Pavilion— Bicycle Races.
J.ini.iNK Baths.— Salt Water Bathing, etc.
| t;i in Baths- Bathing and I crformaucea.
IHK I'HITI.S AND EKATINO P. INK— Dally at
l.k:ili; kl.eet, one blocK e»«t of the I'ar^.
i Aciiic Coast Jockky Club.— Races to-day.
= . j ALCIIOS : ALi S
By Strket it Chksrwei.i,— This day, April 1,
Grot erics, at 31 1 fl rank lin su, at 11 o'clock. °
By t. JAtu— day. April 1, Furniture,
a; SIS- 321 Gutter Mreet, at ]O:tlO o'clock.
•• It'Vok liuiiis it Co.— Tuesday, April 6,
J ft.) VsiHt<>, at fcalesroom, 513 Calitornta street,
ft IS o'clock. <■ ■? ,Fz:
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Showers Thursday. — Alexander McAdie,
1 local forecast official.
,-.- The Knights of Maccabee elected officers at
, ■the State convention yesterday.
°. ° Thirty-six census, marshals were appointed .
. by the ' Board of Education last evening. . -
.: -Vrarelessness with matches caused a $25 fire
.""-at 424 Fremont street yesterday afternoon.
-.•■Several changes were made in the roll of
. deputies in the County Clerk's omceyester
' .day. °. = .
•V".:.w.°"L. Dodson has been sued by Robert L.
"; Toplltz for $345 61 on account of goods sold
. -and delivered.
'I-' Cappv, Jiarjorie, Satsuma, Candor, Pat Mur
• phy und California were the winners at Ingle
■ side yesterday.
.° Trie British three-master Cressington,' out
100 days irom Newcastle, >•• B. W., arrived in
; "port yesterday."
tax Collector Block 'las asked the Supervis
ors for an appropriation to preserve the rec
ords of his offioe.
Judge Belcher has taken under advisement
the divorce suit ot Nellie L Smith against
; William H. Smith.
f The local'carpenters' unions will soon send
an abie speaker to San Jose to put some life:
into the unions of that City.
= Suit has been commenced by the Chemical
National Bank of New York against James A.
Thomas of thii. City for $$80 20.
' '- Judge Bahrs from the bench accused Attor
ney William T. Ba^gett of using unprofes
sional language yesterday, afternoon.
The Police Commission met yesterday nnd
; lined Policemen Rainsbury, Holmes and Daley
$100 each for being in a saloon while on duty.
California canners declare that the pure food
' crusade has hurt their business because the
word "adulterated" is not correctly inter
, re ted.
Outside districts are making their need of ;
schoolhouses known to the Board of Eiuca- i
tion in lime to get a share of the school appro
priation.
The promoters of the boulevard, by the gen
erous aid given and exprctea, propose to run
the boulevard from the Golden Gate Park- to
.the county line.
Attorney Joseph M. Wood yesterday secured
"a valuable concession from County Cleric
Curry in regard to marriage licenses to be
issued hereaiter. „ " •
The Board of Supervisors yesterday took a
trip to Budrock dam in Niles Canyon in*pect
ine'tho property tnere of the Spring Valley
Water Company.
John Kilson and Peter Broderick have sued
the Pacific r«.ast Jockey Club for .*2124 07 for
labor ana material furnished in finishing the
Ingleside racetrack.
The weather of the past. few days has been
favorable to the development of diphtheria
and four new cases were: reported at the
Healih Office yesterday.
•A,'meeiine of the executive committee of the
Calilornia Miners' Association was -held last
evening and action taken toward securing the
passage of the mineral land bill.
Eaton of Chicago won the great match race
at the Pavilion cycle . meet' last night from
Becker, Wells and I.oughvatl. "Bob" Terrill
took the-oiher professional event.
James Cantley's stable at9GO Howard street
caught lire at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon
and was destroyed. I A horse tied in the stable
■was also burned. The loss was $500. „
Joseph Sheldon will leave to-day for Japan
and China on Uie steamer Coptic to be gone
j robfibly about nine weeks. lie may during
the trip pay a brie! visit to Honolulu.
Professor Stopel, a German scientist, is here
on his way to Japan to get facts about imports
and exports. He climbed Popocatapetl aud
Orizaoa in Mexico after much trouble.
It is now learned on good authority that At
torney E. M. Morgan flert this City Because he
was oiseoTere i i:i an exionion scheme to the
prejudice o: Capitalist Edwin K. Alslp.
Mrs. A. Kingman, who has been traveling
p round the world, and who stopped for some
time iv Ind;n to hunt wild pigs and other
animals, has arrived here ill of the juugle
fever.
William Holt Aldrieh has brought suit to
declare invalid the trust clause in the will of
his lather, the late William A. Aldrieh, and to
obtain immediate possetbion of a quarter of
the residuary estate.
The Howard Insurance Company of New
"York ha~ filed a suit against Julius Jacobs nnd
George Easton f> r $7485 83 v/Ub interest from
February 1, 1802, and for $11? 59 with in
terest from January 15, 1894.
The Monte Chrlsto Gold Mining Company
has been incorporated by C. \V. Cross, Frank
V. Kelly, William M. Abbott, Henry Xew
buren snd W . J.. Harper w>jh a capital stock
of $1.000,00.0, of which $l'isO has been sub-
ECrib^d.
The committee on invitations for the Pure
Food Congress, to be held at the Ghsmber of
Commerce on April 30, has notified the Board
of Supervisors ot the event and requested that
a committee oi the board be apjjuuinted to be
present.
The mails destinrd to go out with the Mari
posa this afternoon are on the Northern Pa
cific now s;a(led iv N-Waska by the storm.
The train is not expected in before Friday
afternoon, and tue sailing ol the Mariposii has
been postponed until that time.
Unusuai nctiyitv has been dispiaved by the
Southern Pacitic ComtMuy during the past
year in putting the ilnes an \ equipment in
fiist-ciasi order in anticlpati,;, of a very heavy'
Itvight movement this fall. Six new stMi
bridges were built and tweatv huge locomoi
tives purchased.
Colonel Charles de Garrno Gray general
manager of the Carnival o£ the i iol'd'en Gate
hai undered his resignation to the executive
commltief on account of the death of his
father, David de Garmo Gray, which occurred
yesterday at his home near Lexiugt >n Xv
Colonel Grey will leave for tho Ea-t this morn
ing.
Great preparations are le.ng made f<, r <h e
Fpani'h carnival, to be elven In the Pavilion
April 24. It is intended to have a bg street
parade jus. before, and many new features ar
tromiseu. It is intended to have the ki.ig H nd
queen of trie carnival land at the foot of Mar
ket street from the royal barge.
W. B. Kotu. a barber at 106 Montgomery
avenue, swore to complaints esterday for the
nrrest of M. Cadonan, Julius Whitthoff ami
three "John Doe-, " on the charge of robbery.
He said mat he was alone in h;s shop Tuesday
afternoon when Lie five men came in and
robbed him of $!) »nd half a dozen razors.
Stole From the Southern Pacific.
The Southern Pacific ticket-office at Thirci
and Townsend streets was r-ntered by bureiars
last night ai.d $30 wa* token.
___ NEW ' TO-DAY. t
Holding Fast '
and daily , # :'
waking new to old friends
ones is what vFHJ II IC/lIUa
I>r. Miles* New System of Restorative Reme-
dies are doing. The invalids who have suf-
fered the agonizing tortures of nervous pros-
trmon, sick, nervous cr neuralgic headaches,
blues, melancholy, hysieria, spasms, fits, or
any of the numerous disorders arising from
a derangement of the nerve center*, always
r\ %£•» • ■ tell their friends how
Ur. Miles they w ere «-,•£
For sale by druggists 1 _ I^' loll^^
snsKr.Srfis Nervinp
*ftd nerves sent free. ' ™ V/l ■ Tlllv
'J'd. MILES MEDICAL CO.. Elkhart, lad. '
IN TIME OF PEACE
A TOUCH OF WAR
Old Fort Wi>fi3ld Scotf
Will Be Besieged by
Friendly Foes.
Tactical Problems Which Make
the Point a Mimic Battle
-Field..
Yesterday's Muster and R view oa
the Big Presidio Parade
Grounds.
Old Fort \Vinfield Scott is to have its
day at last.
For nearly thirty years it has stood
silently and peacefully guarding the nar
row atrip of Water . that ebbs and flows
Dast it, waiting patiently for the time
I when it would be needed^ The rust has
formed around its iron portholes, the
spiders have spread their webs over the
sleeping muzzles of its guns, and, if per
chance its arches and galleries have re
verberated with the sound of its old
smoothbores, it has been but in courtesy
to some ship of the line that might some
day be its prey.
But the old fort is to have a chance at
last. This morning it will be invested
with a garrison of bluecoats, and later on
an enemy in brown will storm its walls,
and part of the action of a battle- Ibid will
be played under cover of its cannon. There
will be no powder burned and no hand-to
hand conflict", but at least the shadow of
war, if not part of its substance, will for a
time settle on the picturesque sentinel of
brick and stone. . .
The officers call it a tactical problem,
The Cavalry Troops Looked Best as They Swung Past the Reviewing Stand at Full Gallop.
and they p.nd the troops will solve it.
Commanders were hard at work all yester
day preparing for the solution, and a
number (if officers went out there in the
rain and wind to look over the ground
and prepare obstacles to the free passage
of the besieging troops. The time set is
this morning, provided the weather be
favorable.
The field of the problem wiil include the
entire point, with the fort as the objective
point. The troops at the Presidio, in
tu it try, artillery and cavalry, will be
divided into two bodies, one in the uni
form of bine and the other in their brown
working-clothe*. The creaking port
shutters of the old br:ck pile will be
thrown open; the black muzzles of the old
smoothbores wiil grin out through the
walls, and sentries will challenge from
rampart and sallyport. The men will be
maneuvered according to secret instruc
tions issued to commanders, but with
every one cisc in ignorance of the plan of
campak-Ji except through their orders, and
except that the old stronghold must be
va.iantly held or bravely taken, according
to what the senior.s have decided would
be 1-est for the ins ruction of lhe men.
The problem is one very similar to those
worked out on the hills back of the army
camp at Monterey last summer. Those
w*-re found so profitable nn instruction to
the troops that it is the desire of Colonel
tihafter, the post commander, to continue
hem at come. The besieging .of the
Peaceful old lort, whose garrison has been
for years a lighthouse-keeper and whose
portcullis has been but a sicn "No ad
mittance," will be the first of thesß home
;>roblems in the noDle art of war.
The monthly muster and review was
held yesterday morning, and there were
close to a thousand men in linp. in the
absence oi Colonel Shafter Lieutenant-
Colonel S. B. M. Young was in command
of the post, and Lieutenant-Colonel Wii
iiston. Third Artillery, commanded the
bricaue. Colonel Young was accompanied
by his staff, con-isting of Major R. H.
White, Captain Edie.- Captain Fnck, Cap
tain Stevens and Lieutenant Roudiez.
Colonel Williston was accompanied by
Lieutenant Noble.
There were in line a battalion of foot
and one of light artillery, a battalion of
infantry and a squadron of cavalry. Cap
tain Smith commanded the foot artillery,
with Lieutenant McNair as adjutant.
T ere were Latteries G and X, Third Ar
til:ery, commanded by Lieu;enant Ran
dolph and Lieutenant Gardner. The infan
try battalion w.ts under Captain o'Con
hell, Lieutenant Kilburn adjutant. There
W' re companies A, E, F and G. first In
fantry, commanded by.Capiain Sarr, Cap
tain Brant, Oaptain Croxton and Captain
Detchmundy.
The battalion of light artillery, u::dfr
Cap sin IVit-, Licuttnatu Birkhtimer
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1597.
adjutant, consisted of lighi batteries C
and F, Third Artillery, commanded by
Captain C a: iff and Lieutenant Slatteiy.
The squadron of cavalry was in command
of Captain Rogers, Lieutenant Rutherford
adjutant, and consisted of troops B, C, I
anil X, Fourth Cavalry, under (apia ; n
Gale, Captain Lockett, Lieutenant Benson
an'i Lieutenant O 1 Neil.
There was a review after the muster, in
which all the troops parsed in quick time,
then thecavalrv and light artillery passed
at a trot and then the cavalry came down
on the run. The cavalry looked finest as
it swung past the reviewing stand at full
gallop.
After the review the infantry was mus
tered by Colonel Young:, the artillery by
Colonel Willistoa and the cavalry by
Captain Rogers.
A pew grand stand has been erected for
the coming' athletic games, to which a
small admission w:ll be charged. The
post field day will be held on April 7, and
on April 19 wi 1 be the big department
held day.
THE TURNERS' FESTIVAL.
An Entertainment for the Benefit of
. the Athletes Who Will Go
Knit in May.
The San Francisco Turners will give
their second athletic entertainment and
ball on Sunday evening at their hall on
Turk street. Apart from the regular class
wort of the Turners. Belderbrant and
Will,' the clever catcb-as-'catcn-can wrest
lers of ' Oakland, are booKed to meet in a
match, best two in three fails. Walter Hoge
and .Professor Miehling of the Olympic
Club will perform their celebrated 30-foot
perch act. The great athletes who will
leave this City in May to contest the cele
brated athletes of the Enst at the Milwau
kee festival will give an exhibition of
their skill in gymnastic wort. The pro-
ceeis of the.entertainment will go to de
fray thp expenses of the Californians dur
ing their tou.r through the East.
WHERE IS CRAIG?
A 'Scotch Advertising . Agent Disap
pears, Leaving a Wile and Chil- '
dren in Distress.
The wife and friends of Thomas Craig,
a physician's advertising agent, are in
great distress over his disappearance. Qn
the evening oi February 15 he left his
sick wife's bedside, promising to return
In a few hours, but has since been missing.
Any information regarding his where
abouts will be thankfully received by his
bereaved wife arid" family, who are cow
residing; at 320 Turk street. ...
Mr. Craig is about 38 years of age, me
dium size, of stout *>uild, fail in the face,
having dark brown hair and eyes, heavy
mustache, the rest of his face being clean
ihaven. When last seen he wore a dark,
snuff-colored suit and soft brown Alpine
hat. He speaks with a decided Scotch
accent.
THE HALL OP JUSTICE.
It la Being Built by Two Kodcarriers
nml Two Bricklayer*.
The joy which lightened Dunbar alley
and made the gloomy Morgue as cheerful
as a policeman on a pens on over the an-
nouncement that worlc on the new Hall of
Justice would be vigorously prosecuted
until the completion of the work nine
months hence was shaded by the fact that
only two hodcarrters and two or three
bricklayers were at work yesterday on the
edifice.
With this foiceas a starter, there is a
suspicion that this beautiful building will
be ready for business before the opening
of the Paris Exposition. Several 10 cents
a meal restaurant-keeperi in the vicinity
had gone to considerabis expense order
ing a barrel of whitewash to beautify
their places ot business and to shed light
on the path of the shyster, but when they
observed the indecent haste with whlci
the building is not being erected they re
scinded the order and hnve postponed
their whitewashing improvements for a
year.
It is a good thing, however, for the two
hodcarners, for their job will last them
or five years at * least; ditto the brick
layers.
Furniture HuTed.
. Estimates furnished. Responsible, j reliable
and reasonable. .; Morton Special Delivery.
• 408 Taylor street and 650 Market street
SCHOOL CENSUS
TAKERS NAMED
Political Plums Dispensed
by the Board of Edu
cation.
Directors Talk of "Niggers in
the Fencs" at the Meeting
Last Night.
Report of the Classification Committee.
Transfers and Changes in the
Various Schools.
There was talk at the meeting of the
Board of Education last eveniag of "nig
gers in the fence" and ether matters that
are suppo q ed to refer to queer practices,
and an acrimonious dialogue resulted.
The matter under discussion was the
matter of advertising for textbooks, an
effort being made by Director Derham to
have tbe matter referred to a committee.
Director Waller said that there were al-
ways some people looking for "a nigger
in the fence,." because they did not under
stand matters under discussion. He
stated that it was in order tp keen within
the law that the bids were necessary as
soon as possible.
Director Derh.im Mated that he did
think there was a nigger in the fence, but
he failed to specify where the individual
was located,* and the motion to refer to
the Classification Committee was adopted.
Thirty-six deputy census marshals were
elected as .follows: Herman Arrner, J. M.
Froscott. M. Koppel, Cleveland Carpenter,
John Kinsella, J. J. Cardy, Frank tM.
Koran, George Sand, James Stevens,
Joseph McGrath, James O'Donnell,
Thomas Mon» Al Bernstein, P. W.
Darcey, E. C. Palmer, Charles C. Wilson,
Charles O'Conneil and J. T. Carberry,
L. J. Welch, M. Metzger, M. McMenomy,
K. Buckhardt, L. Eilas, J. Simon, J. H.
Penaereast, Thomas Slavin, M. Abranam,
George Lacombe, James Wren, Daniel
Ward, William J. Kane. James Murray.
C. A. Jameson, Thomas F. Meagher,
Charles Hackmeir, David Short.
Director Head stated that, be had not
been given any places on the census mar
shal's siaff and wanted to know why. It
developed that his three names had come
in late", and Director Waller stated that
there were more to be appointed and that
Director Head's names would be consid
ered.'*- ■ ■'•• .'. ■■.-.•-•'::. - :•'...■ .-.■ ■■ -:
Director Armer took exception to a rule
offered by the committee on rules provid
ing thru no person snail be allowed a cer
tificate to teach in the public schools un
less an examination has first been passed
before the City Board of Examiners. He
said it was a direct lav at the high and
normal schools, and also at the State Uni
versity. There were hundreds of girls, he
said, graduate* of the normal schools,
who were ready and able to take classes.
"Any one." he said, "can answer a few
questions a«ked by this boarJ, and then
with a puil, which they must have, get
into the department." The rules were
well enough as they were, and should be
let alone.
Director Gallagher said that the com
mile" had no intention, of shutting o*ut
the Normal School graduates, and that if
the Eirls mentioned were competent they
should not hesitate to go before the Board
of Examiners andpass the examination.
Superintendent "Webster expressed him
self in favor of the rale, and it was
adopted.
Recommendations of the Commitee on
Classification were adopted as follows:
That Mi3s Sarah Gumar of Irving Primary
School be transferred to the untssigned list;
that Mis- Kate A. Kollmer be assigned to the
charge of the class left vacant by Miss Gu
mar's transfer; that action on the transfer o!
Mrs. J. D. Cooper asd Miss H. 8.. Fa. r weather
be rescinded ; thet Miss F. A. Gilmor* be tem
porarily assorted to the Washington Grammar
School ; thai Mis* M. A. Robinson be elected
a regular teacher and assigned to tbe
class in the S#«tt Grammar School for
merly inught by Miss F. A. Soule, retired; that
Miss M. E. Donnellv b u temporaril v transferred
from the Hearst Grammar School to the Poly
technic High School in charge of the class
formerly taught by R. H. Webster: that A. J.
Itsell be temporarily transferrtd from the
Washington Grammar School to the Hearst
Grammar School; that Miss Hattie B. Carr be
assinned to the Monroe Primary School; that
a new class be formed In the Noe Valley, pro
vided accommodations cau be provided by the
Superintendent.
Resolutions were adopted permitting
Mrs. Alice Stoll and Miss Fannie L. Soule
to retire as teachers of the department
and to avail themselves of the annuity
provided by law.
A report from Dr. James T. Smith and
Charles F. McCarthy, who were recently
appointed to conduct tests of the eyes of
the public-school pupils was read. They
stated that during March they made 1289
tests wi h the following result: 714 had
normal vision, 228 were far-sighted, 103
were short-sighted, 194 astigmatic, 37 with
squint, 13 were color blind. Of the 525
with defective sight but 27 wear proper
correcting glasses.
Petitions signed by improvement clubs
and otners requesting that new school
housts be erected were received from the
following district: Excelsior Homestead,
Precita Valley, Mission Five- mile, Pre
sidio Heights, Sunnyside and Richmond.
Ail were referred to the Committee on
Bnildmcs and Grounds.
Evening substitute teachers wero elected
as follows: AII3S Rebe V. McFeeley, Miss
M. E. Mead, Mrs. M. J. Egan, Miss Emily
P. Rhine.
Probationary teachers were, on tbe
recommendation of the Qualification Com
mittee, elected regular tt-achers as follows:
Miss Annie Q.iinn, Everett Grammar;
Miss H. E. McLane, Garrield Primary;
Miss M. Labaney, Columbia Grammar.
The Evening School Committee recora
mended that tne board order two high
school classes in the evening Business
School, two high-school classes in the
Lincoln Evening School and four adult
classes in the Webster School f>uil,iiiu r . in
addition to one Spanish class in the Lin
coln Evening School be transferred to
the Humboldt School building, to be
known as the Humboldt Evening School.
The two remaining classes in tne Webster
School building are to be transferred to
the Lincoln School. The Webster School
is 10 be closed.
The following chsnges in evening
schools were ordered:
Lawrence Taajf<\ Assigned to duty as vice
principal of the Lincoln Evening School; H.
C. X nn ■■, assigned to the class heretofore
taugbt by Mr. Taaffe; Miss V. McArthur, as
signed to the class heretofore in charge of Mr.
Kinue in the Lincoln Evening School; W. R.
Morgan, to teach mechanical drawing five
evenings in the Kranklin Evening School iu
stead ot three evenings; manual training sus
pended in the Franklin Evening School.
The rules were suspended and the
schools ordered closed from May 3 to 7
inclusive on . account of the Golden Gate
carnival.
Piesident Barrington appointed the fol
lowing committee on Hish Schools and
secondary education: Directors Gallagher.
Drucker, Waller, Carew and Ruran.
NEW TO-DAT.
■P" >»^^ -- HI
W YOUR EYES^
f TROUBLE you?
Does the bright light make them • I
ache and blink ? • After a short Y
time do the letters become blurred ,
when reading?
If your eyes trouble you in any
way see ,to it at once. We ex-
amine, them carefully, ; without ;
charge, and I tell you honestly if '
anything is the matter. t We do not
I? sell glasses simply to make a sale. v I
STANDARD "OPTICAL CO., I
c', 217 Kearny Street, S. P. ■■■•■-. : ;..-.- 1
,- A. OK Ii MAN. •, , ' ' I. NmiDMAV. ' I
y\z .. rj~ ■jJmp'T .. '■ £b *■^ t^'^Bl * ■■*- r 'i'^" L-^k^^^^^jK *•■••» Wfr iK/^i£a^ ■ ifc
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
New hotel erected this spring Lighted hy Elec-
tricity. Unest dining-room north of San Fran- I
cisco. The grt>atest variety of mineral springs in |
America. Waters unsurpassed lor health or
pleasure. Bathing, boating, nuntln? and tishing;
swimming tank, dancing, lawn tennis, croquet,
billiards, bowling, etc.
TAKr. STAGK AT PIETA, SHORTEST AND
BEST ROUTE TO ALL POINTS IN LAKK CO.
Kound trip from San Francisco $8.
Kates $10 to Sl6 per week.
J. CRAIG. Manager.
P. F. Oflice— "l6 Montgomery st.
PURE POOD CRUSADE.
Frederick Wellcer, a Manufacturer, Con
victed by Judge Campbell.
The first case of a manufacturer charged
with violating the adulterated food act
was beard by Judge Campbell yesterday
afternoon.
The defendant was Frederick Welker,
president of the California Syrup Com
pany, who manufacture the imitation of
raspberry syrup for the selling of which a
jury convicted oneerocer and tried others.
The deiendant was represented by At- j
torney Metson, and Assistant District I
Attorney Dunne appeared for the prosecu- j
tion assisted by Prosecuting Attorney
Spinetti. *
The evidence showed that the syrup was
composed of tho juice extracted from
apple peel and was colored with aniline
dye. It was sold to retailers at 65 cents
per gallon.
The Judge alter hearing the .evidence
convicted the defendant and ordered him
to appear for sentence this morning.
,- - — « — •
••" Camilla Urso ou Friday. ' .
The following programme will be given by •
Camilla Urso, tne great violin virtuoso, j
assisted by Miss Minnie Methot (prima donna),
Edwin H. Douglass (tenor), George H. Wesley
(pianist), at Golden Gate Hall to-morrow
evening: •
Piano solo, "Kharsodie No. 10" (Liszt), Mr-
George Wesley;- Komanzs, "Spirlto Genii 1 1
(Donlzct'.l).* Mr. Edwin Dou^lasi; .song, "Die
.Lorelei" (Liszt).' Miss Minnie .ueihoi: "L'apriccio,"
op. Dogihuinous, (Niels Gade), Madame Camilla
trap: piano eolu, • (a) ■••Nocmrne," ' (b) "Cra
covienne" (PaderewnKt), ■- Mr. George . Wesley: .
duet, "Maß.uiein n mm dlcli in Aihi," "Maiden
Beware" (i*ettrlch),Miss Metbotand Mr. Douglass;
songs, "111 bin ft Tiiee Songs ol Araby (Clay),
"Ich I.iebe .pich". (Foerster), Mr. Edwin, Doug
lass; violin so o. "Adagio,", from ninth concerto,
(4pobr), Madame i&milla Lrso; "Seri-nataV
('losti). Miss Minnie Meibot; "Airs Kusses"
(VV'elniawskl), Madame Camilla Ursa «
NEW TO-DAT.
• The very terms on which
Schillings* Best tea is sold
are proof of its goodness
and cheapness. *
Your grocer pays you
your money back if you
don't like it. No condi-
tions: your money back ii
| you want it.
A Schilling & Company ;
San Francisco 61 »
KEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS,
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUS3
ÜBa.BBXKSTiX'x Kujki.tx Proprietor <& Manager
THE VERY' LATEST!
-A. 810- HIT!
The Spectacular Operatic Burlesque,
. THE HODGE-PODGE OF,, , ,
MIRTH, MUSIC AND DANCE,
DON JUAN I
(AD I.IB.)
: A PERFECT CAST — — . *
.2— BEAUTIFUL BALLETS — -2
EVERYTHING NEW
IN SONG DANCE — -HUMOR.
Popular Prices- 1 — -250 and 50c
i 2 v> TO-NIGHT: TO-NIOHT'
ATVONDIiRFI'LVAUDEVILLK BILL.
BARNES AND SISSON,
The -'Singer and Hie Maid."
In co:ijunc ion with HENKY I.EX. JOHNNY
and EMMA RAY, the 4COHASS, the 3 KICH-
AKDS. the 8 VAI.ONA SISTERS. MISS 1.1 I.I,! X
LAUKEL, WERNiK & KIEDKK, and a Great
Olio of, .Novel. ies! ; .
itrserved sea-.s. 25c; Balcony, 10c ; Opera- chair
and box-seats, 50c / ' - . ■
- Concerts In the Orpiieum Annex every evening.
o't'^rrell sine;, nrar IMeckie*.
San Fr:«url»cii * I. mill v Concert Hill.
Grand New Programme Every Evening: by
Hi- !:i: FrtlDlN'ANlt SI'AKK ' •-
AND THE VIENNA ORCHESTRA.
CAMILLA URSO,
THE GREAT VIOLIX VIRTUOSO.
Friday Evening, April 2. ;
. Farewell Matinee Saturday. April 3.
1 GOLDEN GATE HALL,
Safe of seat* Sherman, Clay & Co. 'a. , ■ -,-.-.
* : Evening— 7sc, $ and f 1 50. Matinee— 50c and
$]. General: admission 53c. o
SUTRO BATHS.
! OPEN DAILY— 7 A. M. TO 6P. M.
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission, lOc; Children. » 4 o
LURLIXG SALT WATER BATIIS,
Cor. Bash and Larkinsts.— Kecent Improvements.
i; ■:: ENAMELfcD SWIMMING I'ASK. ,
;■■ , Additions to. Tub Department.
.'Admission, 30c ■ Admission. Iruludlns-swlm, 25c
Open Day and Evening.
PIWJIi ymWiiibminill ii nil ■nSriM MHiiitrwrnm i> ii"*; '
ft If II ft ft ft \ HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
Vlf IS I |\' c ° ■ only 41.. hours from
■11% MM 11 ■ 1 s " !1 franclsco, and but 9
VllilUUV miles' staging. Waters
noted for their medicinal virtues and generally
conceded to be the finest natural bath water in the
Mate. . Excellent climate and grand mountain
scenery. Long distance telephone: "daily mall and .
express: well-stocked trout streams. Round trip '
from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. si. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day
or $12 a week. ■. .■>
J. F. BIUr-GRKW. Proprietor.
HEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.'
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
At, Haymav i Co. (Incorporated) ...Lessee*
grand OPERA SEASON— The Famous
FRENCH OPERATIC ORGAMITIOI !
F. CHARLEY.,. IMPRESARIO.
Fourteenth Subscription Performance.
TO-NIGHT (THURSDAY).
RIQOLETTO.
Massart, Berthet, Albers, Javid, Fremeau, etc
Saturday Ev's, April 3 ......IjA «JUIVE
Monday. April 5... WILLIAM TELL 1
Wednesday, April 7..'V..... AID A
Friday, April 9.. HAMLET
(Benefit HENRI ALBERS).
Saturday Matinee. April 10... CARMEN
Saturday Evening. April 10—
Grand Farewell— lMMENSE PROGRAMME:
"Pagliaccl," "Navarraise," Scene from "Favo-
rita," Grand Ballet, etc., etc. Everybody In
the Cast. Prices, $1 to $3. Good seat in balcony,
$1 50 and $2. Seats for all aoove now ready.
BALDWIN THEATER,
4lM*lTMi,s Co. Unrnrr>nrated> i'ropri<j-j:i
. ENGAGEMENT OF
OTIS SKINNER
TO-NIGHT AND FRIDAY NIGHT
AND SATURDAY MATINEE,
HIS GRACE DE GRAMMONT."
: Saturday Night- "HAMLET."
Special (scenery ! Complete and Elaborate Pro-
ductions! ,•,"■-'
second "WEiHiK:- *
».■: ©FIRST. FIVE NIGHTS.
jlls New and Successful Romantic Drama,
"A SOLDIERJF FORTUNE."
Saturday Mat.— ROM KO AND JULIET
. ! o SATURDAY EVENING,
— —GREAT DOUBLE BILL
"lE&CHAIT OF VOICE"
and " KATHERISE All PETRUCDIO."
SEATS NOW HEADY.
I' CALIFORNIA THEATER.
° ./ FRIDAY NIGHT, APRIL —
TESTIMONIAL TKXDKHKO TO
MissDOROTHY L'HOTB.
Upon the occasion of Her Debut on the .Dra-
matic Stage. Presentation of .
AN UNEQUAL MATCH!
Miss l'Hote will b; assisted by. members •<
Modjeska and HawortSi's companies.
Reservea s-ats— 2sr, 5Uc. 75c and 81.
TWCDLAnfiUKJOTTLOD* <3>- LtiitSAnanAnAJtßJ-- \
; ONE V ! opinion!
MR. AND MRS.
WHYTAL—
■' . In Their Beautiful Romantic Drama,
"FOR FAIR VIRGINIA"
HAVE C4P!UR!iD THE TOM!
Fcenery and Cast from Fifth Avenue Theater,
New "York.
A GREAT ATTRACTION— APRIL, 13—
QBOROIA OA-yVAET I
COLUMBIA THEATER.
BXTBAI
' Thursday Afternoon, April I, at 3 Sharp,
I V. R \ D AY AGN KR CQ.VCK RT
* Of the San Francisco Symphony Society I
Greatest Programme iiver o Offered in 1 his (.'fly.
B t.jci-erpts from Seven Wagner Op»ras. ■
Solo sis— Cecelia Ad:er Keesing, Mathilde Wilde
and Catherine Fleming-Hinrichs.
Rhys Thomas, Alois Werner ana Jacob Mnller.
OU>TAV HINKH.II^, Director.'
Sale now open at box-office. $1.00 and 51. 50.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAI,IKK MUBoSCO...*<nl'» Lessee and -Man i ;j:
First Performance in This City of the Sensational'
• - Comedy Drama,' ■
"THE DAGO
A Play Abounding in Touchinc Pathos, Happy
• Comedy and strong * i'.maxc*.
_ Thrilling, Realistic Fire Scene!
"Fanny Songs!- Novel Specialties!
Splendid :ceuery! Startling I fleets! r.
Strengthened Cast !
Evenlnsr Prices— lOc, 25c and 500.
Matinees >Bturrt:iy ami -■■ami ■-.;■
A I ARlflni Every One Delighted
ALCAZAR —■;,.,.
BeiHsco&LaJfaille.airs. | .. Last Night
Don't Miss the Great Problem Play.
" XT 3ES -\7V BliOOD!"
The Greatest Success of Augustus Thomas,
author of '•Alabama," etc.
Press and Public hear. indorse the Artistic
Acting of GEOBi.E USriOU Nli, HUGO TO-
LAND and th* Powerful Company.
Our Popular Prices. Seats By Telephone Black 991
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(INCLESIDE TRACK).
The only leriec; Winter Racetrac* m Amerfex .
RACIXG RACING
Racing From Monday, March. 23 to Sat-
urday, April 3, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
..'■.-FIRST RACK AT 2 P. 31.
Talcs Southern I'acttlc trains at Thirl aal \
Townsend sts. depot, leaving ac 1 and 1:20 c. it
Fare for ; Round Trip, includiui Ad-
mission to Grounds, »I.UJ. ■ . .. j.
laKe Allsslon-st. electric lino direct to tr»ox.
! The Androus Stakes. Monday, 22.
The Cl man Slake*. Saturday, March 27.
The California ljeroy, Saturday, April 3.
s. N. AKUKOIS, President.
■F. H. GREEN, Secretary. . , -
, .'_■ World's Greatest Indoor
S-& BICYCLE
4f\ ' • MEET!
Mechanics' Pavilion -
: rffisf Wj\*^ - Commencing Saturday
C/m &t-Jx^\ ■ Evening, March'2o.
I *£**( \ \ r ' $9000 IN PRIZES.
V\ *\/-* ;.JZ mi -, Greatest Bicycle Kiaersof
NSlZ3S»*3f^^, i he World will Compe'.e.
:'■•■■ . —^--^ Admission' 25c and 50c.
THE CHUTES.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
KALICRAT*- S. Ejvptian Juggler: ; DX PUE Sis-
TKRs. -Skirt Dancers and MAi:C » -BRO-'
' 'IHERB. ANIMATuaCOI'K Every Night.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, 5«.
.--■-- . . .
78
THE LADIES WERE
SAD AND GLOOMY
Backed Veragua and He
Was Lsft at the
Post.
Satsuma Took the Handicap at
Ingleside in a Fierce
Drive.
V: nkee Dooile Had No Speed— Yemen's
Unruly Actions Caused Him
to Be Left.
"Oh my! wasn't it just awful; I'd like
to be a starter I" and all such expressions
could be heard in the grand stand at In
gieside yesterday.
It was "ladies day" and despite the
rain, the fair sex turnad out in liberal
numbers. The cause of these pet sayings
was a tip out on Veragua to win the hur
dle race tnat fairly permeated the atmos
phere. It seemed as though every woman
that entered through the turnstiles had
the jumper's name pinned in her hat.
The tip was too good; too hot; it got
scorched in the O7en. Veragua performed
a number of thrilling acrobatic gyrations
whtle the field was at the post, and witn a
look of contempt, turned and went the
other way when the barrier flew up. The
horse was a 2 to 1 choice and of course the
bookmakers felt very sorry at his ungen
tlemanly conduct. Money enough to buy
a thousand new spring bonnets was burnt
up, and Veragua will henceforth cease to
be a fireside companion.
Taken all in all tue favorites did not
Beem to enjoy the drizzling rain in tee
least, for but two landed purses. The de
feat of the others oould be ascribed to lack
of speed, except In the case of Yemen,
which was also left at the post.
By far the most inieresting event of the
d^y was the six-luriong handicap, taken
in a fierce drive by Satsuma, ably ridden
bj Charley Thorpe. Dunne's Preston,
carrying 110 pounds and Willie Martin,
carried all me Chicago coin and ruled- an
11 to 5 favorite in the betting. Insiallator,
with 105 pounds on his back, looked nicely
situated and his odds were forced down
from 6 to 4. Of the other starters Cash
Day and Sutsuma, boili at fives, attracted
the rnosi attention.
After considerable delay at the post the
bunch was dispatched to a lair start.
Greeu Morris' mare Bailie Clicquot was
possessed of all kinds of speed during the
early running, striking the stretch first,
but there having enough. Martin on
Preston then took command and it looked
easy for the brown sprinter. Suddenly
Installator, with whom Sloan had been in
a bad position, got through and soou had
Martin riding the favorite feet and hands.
The Brutus horse no sooner had the first
cho>C3 succumbed than he' in turn was
challenged by Thorpe on Satsuma and
beaten out a head. I'reston was a length
away. Down the back stretch the- winner,
whicn packed 100 pounds, was the tail
ender, looking hopelessly beaten, and his
unexpected win stamps him as a horse of
considerable quality.
Ed Purser's Yankee Doodle was sent to
the post a 7 to 10 favorite for the opening
mile run, but after half trie distance Had
been covered, was in difficulties, and
finished a poor third. The light weighted
Cappy, an 8 to 1 shot, made all the run
ning and at the end won all out, less than
a length ahead of Logan, the second
choice, in 1:43.
The seven furlong selling that followed
nearly resulted in a victory for the 30 to 1
outsider, Schnitz. Sander's chestnut led
the field to the paddock, where Marjorie,
backed down from threes to 8 to 5 favorit
ism,- overhauled and beat him out with
ease. Miss Kuth came very fast at the
end, securing third place.
A bundle of coin was burnt up over the
result of the mile and a quarter Lurdl*
ovent. Veragua was played for a good
thing at odds of 2 to 1, but balked when
the barrier flew up and was left at t»ie post.
After being prominent throughout the
running Candor, the second choice, drew
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. In fries ide Racetrack, Wednesday, rUrch 31. Seventy
second Day of the Winter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather cloudy. Track good.
788. FIUST
Horse, age. weight.
St.
';M
13
2 6
31
• 4%'
52
, 6 4
7
Fin.
1 1
2 15
34
42 '
52
8 20
7
Jockey.
Cappy. 3...:...... £
Logan, a ...1(
Yankee Doodle, 4.i:
Claudlana. 3 !
Schweitzer, 3..... I
| Huntsman, 6 II
| Doyle. 6 ..- 13
! 4
1
3
* 6
7
6
12
21
3 h
66
. B %
' 4 h
7
1 2 =
21*
jy 2
Sl*
• 7 . '
1 3
2 6
I?
i?
7
i lawson
H. Martin
Coady
H. Brown.
Maxey '.
Shepard.
H. fhields
6 6
8-6 2
4-6 7-10
20 20
80 100
IOU 500
15 20
Good siaru
Won easily.
Winner, J. F.
b. f., by Fonso-Nannie Bay. Time, 1:43.
789. wtWMBIJ
Inlex.
Horse, ape, weight.
St.
V*
° %
Btr.
FJn.
Jockey.
769
»08
761
• 765
.775
•619
766
608
769
727
Marjorie, 4 II
Schnitz. 6 i:
Miss Ruth, 5 II
Fnvory. 5 \.
Daylight, 4 1
Unity, 4 II
Mohalaska, 4 II
Ad. Buchanan, 6.11
Woodchopper, a. .1
Imp. Ainnrlno, a. 1
Suffrage, 4 11
1
3
4
9
6
8
7
6
2
10
11
?2*
8 4
.62
9 1
I
2h
10 »
3h
! 1 2
9 10
• Vfc
8 1
62
is*
11
82 '
32
61
I?
%*
10 *
11
22
1 1
8 2
I?
7 1
51
61
9
10
11 °
13
2 2
3 2
4.1
SI
66.
7 1
86
9 10
10 10
11
1 norpe
Henn^ssy
C. 510 an. ....... -
.
H. Martin ......'
Slaughter
T. sioan
8ergen......:...
Shields
Bozeman
5bepard.. .......
5 2 8-6
12 '20
12 -2.H
60 40
6 7
10 16
2 7-2
8 5
12 SO
30 150
30 200
start. Won easily. Winner, Frank Phillips' b. f, by Iroquois-Tarantula. Time, 1
n qq THIHD KAi
Horse, age, weight.
8
61
2 h
4 1
7 2*
3b
5%
Btr.
*y%
3 1
22
4 2
11
.6 '
Jockey.
Index.
(737)
752
780
7*2
768
766
756
697
s»t>umu, 5. H
Installaior, 6 1<
Preston. 6 1'
C»ish Day. 6 1
Bailie Clicquot, 4. !
Major Cook, 6.... !
Beliicoso, 5 1
Pai Murphy. 6....
8
7
4.
6
2
1
3
I
8
sh*
41
11
S?
5 1
1 h
2 1
32
42
5 4
65
73
8
aorpe
. Sloan
'. M rtln
'. Shields
»nes
lawson
- Mania
bompson
4
'6
2
4
c
20
7
20
5
9-2
2
I
7
16
12
4U
Good stari. Won driving. Winner, Dr. H. E. Konell'n eh. h., by Macduff-Ai bertha. Time, 1:1514.
rf | FOURTH I'.ack— One and a quarter miles; hurdle; purse f 4OO.
Index. Hors», age, weight. St.
765 Candor, 6 146 5
(754) Hvman. a 149 1
7ft4 jßrilliant. 6 137 2
773 Herman, a 134 4
736 iTortonl. 6 133 8
754 IZaragosa, 6 149 7
474 Havmarket, a..-.149i 3
717 Rob Hoy, 6 148' 6
(764) Veraeua, 4 130, left
6
1
2
4
8
7 I
! 3 6
I left
31
& 2
72
41:
1%
2 1
6 2
8
V* % %■ Str.
2^ 1% 12 18 -
5 4 4 i : 410 2 4
6y a 71 810 Bit *
3V a 3 4 3 3 4 6
4 3 6 6.63 6
11 US 31 31
7 7 7 ■ {■ 7- -.
8 8 8 8
1 1
'i 10
3 2
4 3
5 -i
6 15
7 20
o
Cochran... !
Cairn 5...:..:..:....
Venables.
Hlpsins
McMahon
Porteus .......
Owens
Stanford
W II kins... .'...
2
6
100
10
7
26
25
25
•i
o
[ 8
Hood start for all but Veragua. Won easily. Winner, F. Phillips' blk. m., by Imp. Darebln-Misi
Clare. Tim*, 2:23Mt.
7Q9 FIFTH KACE— One
; purse $400.
Index.
Horse, age. weight.
St. Std. 1 14
T 1 vi' 1 1%
6 4i%UV
3 6 Jh 5%
'i 6 5.
| 4 3h 32
Vk
Jockey.
Betting.
>p. Cl.
755
731
764
I Babe Murphy, 5.. 105
Tulare. a 91
I Koselle. 3 Vi
JQuantrell, 3 92
j Japonlca, 4 101
1 2
■Ah
43
5
•2
2
1
14
2 1
34
T. Sloan
Thompson
Reldy
Clawson
H. Martin
1-2
8
6
12
12
2-5
7
10
15
- 15
■J h
3
Good start. Won easily.
Time, 1:5014-
Winner, L.
I'a b. m., by
Laurence-Princess Glenn.
rqo SIXTH KACK— Five-eighths of a mile; purs 3 $350.
Jn<J*x.
(751)
768 I
(781)
781 I
720 ■
750 ;
781
635
771 ;
California. 5 .11l
Mal'istny, 6 US
Horatio. 3 9
The Biatwr, 3.... 9
Sir EdwwJ, 5 11
H:ot. 4 10
Our Climate, 4.. .10
R.H, a 11
Yemen, a 11
Horse, age. weight.
1
4
6
3
7
■2.
8
6
........
23
3b
4 1
1 h
6Ms
6 iO
R
iy%
■ % 1 Str.
i hi 13
3i 2V,
4 15 4 15'
-' 3 3 2
by, 20
.«10 . 6'i
71 74 ' .
8 8
1 3
Ii
36
4 20
62
6 h
7 10
8
. Martin
law ...; 
•uthter..:..:.
awaon ........
1
8
6
I l .'
2
9
7
15
swell ..........
h0mp50n.....;
;nklns...
clnies. ...
.510 an........
Bud start.
1:02 V..
Won easily. Winner, T. W. Coulter a oh. m., by imp. Midlothian-Misfortune. Time,
clear in the stretch and won easily from
Hyman. The 100 to 1 shot, Brilliant, was
third.
The mile and a sixteenth, run next,
proved a cake walk for iha 2 to 5 choice
BaDe -Murphy." Ezell's mare galloped
around, finishing five lengths in advance
of Tulare, with Roselle third, beaten half
a length. . .5 - * . ■ • '
The money bet on the old sprinter
Yemen to win the final five-furlone scram
ble all went up in smoke. He was played
from twos down to 7 to 5. and, actine very
unrul7. was left at the post when the bar
rier flew tip. California, which ■ receded
from 7 to 5 favoritism to 2 to 1, then won
handily enough from Mainstay, against
v/hich 12 to 1 was laid. Horatio was a
good third.
*
NOTKS.
Starter Dick Havey is popular with the
jockeys riding here. This fact was demon
strated yesterday. Previous to the Open
ing race yesterday Air. Havey was pre
sented with an elegant gold repeating
chronometer, suitably inscribed, paid for
by subscriptions made by the different
knights of the pigskin. The good-natured
starter was much surprised at the gift and
for some minutes could not find words to
express his thanks.
Yankee Doodle looked too high in flesh
to show to any great advantage.
Thorpe on Marjone put up a much
more vigorous ride than did "Skeets'
Martin at bis previous appearance in
public.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, half mile, two-year-olds . \
776 Impertui 1031 776 Moringa 100
78* Thyne 107 Juan del Rio. ..110
776 The Professor .-.103 76* Key El 5a1t0...114
783 Hermoso 110 (776)Mlchael 110
7T2 Toe Cheat 118 783 Flushlngton....lo3
7t!6 Koxey Murphy. 103 7VJ6 Old Jack 100
Second race, three-quarters of a mile, s-A'Ai g .
769 KlmrrF 1;13| 766 I lzze H 128
78d Manchester. ...l 36] 692 F.xumlner 133
6MS Morven 183 (744) Miss Ko«s 128
766 Potentate 13ti 775 .Bonnie D0n0t..128
781 Crawford 133 765 Veva I'2B
7«1 «o:d Bug li 3 700 Thelronm'ster.l33
(770)l'eril ISl|
Third race, one and an eighth miles.
707 Scarborough... 69i 785 Morte Fonse...llß
(76'-')fcuckw» 115! 778 Good Times.... 99
(778)1 amien 114 (785; Lincoln II 99
728 Salisbury II 114J
Fourth race, seven-eighths of a mile, selling.
770 Chappie 97! 792 Hos.-Ue. 9B
(741) Perseus 108, 7G6 Amelia Fonso. . 103
76H Caliente 108 1 440 Tenacity 108
777 tweet William. loo|
Fifth race, one uud an eighth miles, selling.
f>BS Th« Bachelor.. 109 (755)Rey del Tierra. 91
7H9 Addle Buchnan. 108; 780 Coda 101
7ii7 Joe X 10t> 783 Unity 103
764 Little Cripple.. 107 1 78 0 Foremost 110
Sixth race, one mile.
770 LaFlecha 1011 739 Thelma 105
767 Trappean 106 7t»B Logan 110
.90 Sallie Clicquot. lOi I 769 J tonvllle 110
778 Imp. Disparity. lll 7^7 Treachery JOl
7.4 Sautuzza. 116 647 Montaivo 126
756 Ktcino 10« 784 Little Scot 110
785 Wawona. 107 754 Bueno 107
7tib La France. 10-t,
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAY.
. First race— Baldwin entry, Michael,
Imperious. „ °
Second race— Manchester, Elmer XT,
Lizzie H. . c „ . o
Third 0 race— Good Times, Damien,
Scarborough. *
Fourth race— Persons, Callente, Sweet
William.
Firth race— Unity, Addle Buchanan,
The Bachelor.
# Sixth ■• race— Sallle Cliquot, I ncino,
Logan. ,^_^_^^^____^^^
AN ASSESSOR SUED.
Thomas IT. Berkey of Sacrmmento
Charged With Being an Oppressor.
James Bailey, a resident of New York,
has fiJed in the United States court an in
teresting suit against Thomas H. Berkey,
Assessor of Sacramento County.
Mr. Bailey asks for $10,000 damages be
cause he expects- to prove that the As
sessor tried to oppress and injure him by
assessing the improvement* on Mr. Bai
ley's lot in Sacramento at $40,300, when
the Assessor knew that the improvement*
were not worth more than $20,000. He
alleges that the Assessor acted fraudu
lently in the. matter.
The further allegation is made that on
January 30 of this year the Board of Ke
gents of the State University advanced
him $30,000. on which loan he gave them
a mortgage, and thnt the Assessor neg
lected to deduct the mortgage.
S nits for Divorce.
Divorce suits have been filed as follows:
Mary H. P.rovis against William F, Provis, for
cruelty; Delia McAllister against Alfred Mc-
Allister, cruelty; Charles K. Gary against
Frances B. Gary, desertion: Louise Loraug
against L. Lorang, desertion.
Advancfs made on iirni'ore ana pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APftlL 1, 1897.
EATON WON
THE BIG RACE
The "Indoor King" Defeated
Wells, Becker and
Loughead.
"Bob" Terrill Won a Special
Professional Match From a
Good Field.
O. L. Stevens of lowa Lowsred the
World's Half-Mile Record to
54 1-5 Seconds.
The Pavilion bicycle races drew another
large crowd last night. There wera no
accidents to mar the sport, and the men
rode hard in every event, particularly
fast time marking the professional racing.
The event of the evenine was a one
mile match between F. J. Loughead, the
Canadian champion; C. B. Wells, the
crack of the Bay City Wheelmen; Jay
Eaton, the "indoor king," and W. E.
Becker, five-mile National champion.
The race was run in heals, the condi
tions being that a man must win two
heats to possess himself of the purse.
There was considerable betting on the
race, Loughead and Wells being the pub
lic favorites. Becker was said to be a little
back in his training, and Eaton has never
been right since he reached the coast.
The first heat was paced by Stevens.
Becker got away quickest and caught
him, with Wells, Lioughead and Eaton
following in that order. No attempt was
made to steal the pacemaker from Becker.
Stevens dropped out on the sixth lap, and
the sprint commenced. Wells graduaily
drew alongside of Becker and then passed
tiini. but on the bell lap Loughead forged
to the front and Eaton passed Becker, and
it was a three-man fight to the tape,
..oughead winning by a scant lead, Wells
econd, Eaton third. The time was re
narkably fast, 2:05 2-5.
Morris was put in to pace the second
teat, and again Becker was first to catch
lim, Loughead, Wells and Eaton fol:ow
ng. Beclter did not try to hold Morri-'
>ace, and the latter soon got some way
ihead of the bunch. The men, therefore,
rode unpaced for most of the distance.
Wells jumped to the front on the fifth
ap and Lougbead rode up alongside,
bus pocketinz Becker, who was trailing
A T eils. Eaton saw his opportunity and
started one of bis long sprint 9, gaining a
;ood lead before the others could get well
mder way. He led to the tape, and
Becker, getting out of the Wells- Loughead
pocket, ran fast into second place. Loug
jead was given third. The time was
slow, 2:211-5.
The excitement was running hich, when
the men came out for the third hsat.
Stevens was again the pacemaker, and
made it exceedingly faat. The order be
hind him was Loughead, Becker, Wells,
Eaton.
At the beginning of the sixth lap
Eaton started a long sprint for home.
Lougbqad challenged him, and they raced
side by side for a lap and a half, Becker
and Wells right behind them. Eaton hat
the inside, and gained a slight lead round
ing the last turn, vhich landed him win
ner by a lenetn. Loughead's sprint died
away, and Becker beat him out inches for
secund-place honors. Welis was surely off
in his form, for he could do no better
than last. The time for this hat was
2:06.
This gave the race to Eaton, he having
won two heats. And so at last the "in
door king" had redeemed himself for his
many failures to win during the tourna
ment, and had ridden up to Ins Eastern
reputation. He was roundly applauded
for his victory, which was a marked one,
defeating as he did three of the' greatest
professionals in the country.
A match race between W. A. Terrill, Ed
Allen, T. Sullivan and A. M. Boyden. one
mile, professional, furnished some good
sport. To win the Durse a man was re
quired to win two heat?.
Terrill "recounted-' lor the first heat by
a decisive victory over the others, Sulli
van running second.
Terrill had no trouble in placing the
second heat to his credit in 2:27 3 5, as be
clearly outclassed hia field. Sullivan was
second, Allen third.
There was an amateur race on the pro
gramme at one mile, with the usual
princely prize list of $15, $7 50 and |4 that
hie management offers to compete :or. It
was noticeable that none of the cracks
were entered, Kenna, Mott, Bacon, Russ,
Lacey and Wing preferring not to ride for
the trophies offeied.
The preliminary heats reduced the field
to Barley, Imperial Club, C. M. Smith and
Hammonds of San Jose, and Tan tan,
Olympic. Barley was leading when the
sprint came, but Hammonds nipped the
victory from him at the tape. Tantau ran
third.
O. L; Stevens, the lowr professional,
rode a half mile against time, paced by
Bovee and Morris, the crack Texas tan
dem team. They made it good and iast
for ''Steve," and he rode the half in 54 1-5
seconds, world's record time. The former
record was :58.
A mile handicap Japanese race, with
three starters, was one of the divertise
mentsof the evening and furnished a good
deal of amusement.
Following is the summary:
One mile match, professional.between Wells,
Louvhead. Becker ana Eaton. First heat— Won
by F. J. Loughead, Canada; time, 2:05 2-5.
Second, C. 8. Wells, Bay City; third, Jay Eaton,
Cblcago.
Second heat— Won by Jay Eafon; time,
2:211-5. Second, W. E. fiecker; third, F. J.
Longhead.
Third heat— Won by Jay Eaton; time, 2:06.
Second, W. E. Becker; third, F. J. Loughead.
One mile open, amateur. First heat— Won
by E. C. Barley, Imperial; time, 2:29 2-5.
Second, R. Robinson, San Francisco Road Club.
Second heat — Won by C. M. Smith, Sun Jose;
time, 2 :22 4-5. Second, A. Th»isen, California.
Third heat— Won by George Tantau, Olympic;
time, 2:214-5. Second, R. H. Hammond*,
Garden City.
Final, heat— Won by R. H. Hammonds, San
Jose: time, 2:38 1-5. Second, E. C. Barley,
Imperial; third. George Tuntau, Olympic.
One-mile match race, professional, between
W. A. Ternll, Ed Allen, A. M. Boydeu and T.
Sullivan:
First heat— Won by Terrill; time, 2:20. Sec
ond, Sullivan; third, Allen.
Second heat— Won hy Terrill; time, 2:27 3-5.
Second, Sullivan; third, Allen.
KOTJiS IK THE MEET.
The public would appreciate a match race
between the crack amateurs Kenna, Buss,
Oooch and Bacon.
W. 8. Bacon of the Olympic Cyderj is rising
fast in the amateur ranks. He rode second to
Kcnna Tuesday night, beating i:u«s ami Wing
U. 8. Bacon of the Olympic Cyclers is rising
fast in fhe amateur ranks. Tuesday night be
rode second to Kenna in tl.e mile and beal
both Russ and Wing out.
The match races between Walter Foster and
Charley Wei s, the two Californiaus, to-mor
row night will probably be the best drawing
card of the meet.
"1 and Stevle," as McFarland is wont to re
fer to himself and his riding mate, Stevens,
will go East Sunday morning and will com.
pete on tht> Tennessee indoor circuit.
Somebody stuffed Announcer Knapp's horn
with paper early last night, and lor awhile
everybody thought the good Wilbur had a
cold, his voice was so low and husky. lie
didn't discover tho joke umil well along in
evening.
E. G. 8. Maxwell of Chicago arrived here
Monday night, and has been a constant visitor
at the races ever since. Maxwell left Chicago
March 6 to ride a wheel to this City, and
claims to have done it ia the twenty-Hire-
days between his departure and arrival, thus
lowering all former records.
E. G. S. Maxwell ol Chicago attended the.
races Tuesday night. He arrived here Monday
night on his wheel, having left Chicago March
6. His lime of twenty-'.hree days is consider
ably ucder the former record.
RECORDS DISAPPEARING.
Tax Collector Block Wants Bpolca lr.
His Office Repaired by the
Supervisors.
Tax Collector James N. Block has com
plained to the Supervisors that many of
th? tax-roll books are in an almost hope
les&ly dilapidated coadition, and has
a-ked that some provision be made to res
cue the valuable records from total de
struction while there is yet time. His let
ter is as follows:
To the Mimbcrs cf the Board of Supervisors—
Gentlemen: During my incumbency of this
office I have several times directed the atten
tion of the board to the dilapidated condition
of some of ihe tax-toll books. Jinny of them
*re in a hopeless condition now, Dut those yet
on the road to tatters may be saved by rebind
ing. A small appropriation annually will be
sufficient lor the purpose, and it is certainly
Important that the records should be pre
served. I beg respectfully to suggest that
your honorable body should investigate the
matter.
As tiie public ha* free access to the rolls It is
impossible for a Tax Collector to prevent the
rough handling and mutilation of the same by
careless or vicious persons, but ii authorize^)
by you to do so, I will put those which may
yet be saved in proper conaitiou, and to pre
serve the others intact during my term of
office. I think 1 shall at least have the honor
of head lir from you on this subject, a pleasure
that has been denlea me by all your predeces
sors. Very sincerely yours,
Jamks N. Block, Tax Collector.
SOUGHT REST IN DEATH.
Bernard Levy, an Old Mac,
Swallows a Dose of
Poison.
He R'qussts That His Relatives Be
Not Al owed to View Him
as a Corpse.
Nearly 60 years of age, sick and* despon
dent, Bernard Levy decided it was best to
seek rest in eternal sleep yesterday
morning.
He was basking in the sunshine in
BERNARD LEVY, Old and lil, Sought Re l ief From His Woes
by Drinking "Whisky and Laudanum.
Columbia Park when the thought of sui
cide came to him, and he tried to carry it
into effect. He had prepared himself for
the deed by purchasing a iaw ounces of
laudanum, which ho poured into a flask
containing whisky. From this he took
several draughts while he wrote the fol
lowing letter:
Pan Francisco, March 31. 1597.
It is my request mat all my persouai effects
be given to mv youngest boy, Max Levy, who
now rooms at 740 Harrison street, in this City,
and I do not want any one who claims rela
tionship to me to follow my corpse or to see
my remains. Bernard Levy.
As the drng began to take effect, the
passersby noticed his condition and the
Police Department was notified. Th<> old
man was conveyed to the Receiving Hos
pital and treated, but with slight hope of
his recovery.
In his possession was a -card, No. 909,
issuea March 27, entitling the bearer to
fourteen days' work on account of the
citizens' relief fund. ■
••Hot Stuff" Porter Caught.
Josh J. Porter, formerly editor of the late
"Hot Btuff," a so-called newspater, which was
born and died in San-Jos?, was placed behind
the ban In Bakereneld yesterday on a charge
ot vagrancy. A tintype and certain papers in
his possession revealed the 'act that the name
he gave, "Joseph J. Pierce," was an alias, and
that he was the man wanted by the Poitofllce
authorities for sending obscene matter
through the mails, the ob'tene matter being
copies of the aforesaid "Hot Stuff." Porter
was Indicted by the United Slates Grand Jury
last September, but escaped before the officers
had an opportunity of serving the warrant
on him. He will be brought back here forjtrial
tomorrow.
NEW TO-BAT.
© 1 f\(\(\ D W A XfTi Pr - J'terce's Palpnt (Jalvan'c Chain Belt -Is positively guaranteed
'<K)xv/\/V/-:JVX!J TT /VXVIy. to be the most perfect electric be.t now made in.aiy par. of the
world, and Is as far superior 10 .he cheap, v gotten up but extensive y advertised so-called electric belts
now on the market >a an fle;trlc light is superior to that, of 'a tallow candle. 'For a first-class belt,
.with all modern Improvements, at a Moderate Psick, patronize an o:d-i staollslied and re.iab:e firm,
and you will thus have no reason to com j. am of having b'-cn wind ed out ot your money by un-
principled "quacks." Buy no b>l(ilii you have Been Dr. Pitrce's. JKfJlooK Free. Call or address
l)ii. PIDKCK & HUN, 704 Hacrair.euio St.. cor. Kearnv. or 640 Market St.. below Ream .-, San
Francisco. The following drugget* ara a«:<MUs: It. E. Uooi>'GS, Sacramento; Hulijen Drvq Co.,
Stockton, ana Ukobqe Q. Mobkuead, o»n Jose. -* . • . .;-.>;.;.v.;i>. -\. it ■*
CLIMBED LOFTY
POPOCATAPETL
A German Scientist's Ob
servations of a Live
Volcano.
Is the Highest in North Amer
ica, Yet Not So Di ficuit
as Orizaba
It Tcok Professor Stopel Thres Hours
to Go Four Hundred
Meters.
Professor R. Chevers Stopel of Hoidel
berg is here on his way to Japan to study
imports auci exports, and other matters
especially relating to political economy.
He will not leave, however, till April 20,
and meantime will visit Yosemite and
some other points of iuterest.
The professor has been lor some time in
Mexico, examining into the political and
scientific features of the country. While
there be ascended, after much difficulty,
Mount Orizaba and Mount Popocatnpetl.
He had Indian guides, ropes and alpen
stocks, and reached the crests of these
enormous mountains after enduring a
great deal of fatigue, and, in the case of
Orizaba, considerable danger. He also
made scientific observations. as to their
heigl.t.
"I ascended Popocatapetl during the
middle of February," said the scientist,
"and I reached the top of Orizaba March
10. lam the first German in twenty-five
years who has climbed that mountain. I
found l. y accurate observation that Popo
ratapetl wns 18,333 feet nigh, and thus the
highest in North America, and that Ori
zaba was 17,828 feet high.
"Though Popocatapetl was higher I
found it easier to climb. It is a live vol
cano, but not actively emptying. It is,
however, sending up rifts and gusts of
smoke continually. It was a great ex
perience to go up there.
"But Orizaba was the most dangerous.
I went up on the south side and in this
way managed to keep entirely clear of ice
and snow till I reached the top. The
ascent for a part o' the way, however, was
extreinelv difficult. For the last 400
meters the Indians deserted me. Tney
said it was impossible to get ud. I offered
them more money, but could not move
th'-m. Then I pushed on alone. I had to
c'imbfor three hours before I could get
to the crest.
"It was almost straight up and down,
and stones were falling all the time, so as
to make the undertaking precarious. I
was creatly fatigued wnen I finally
rea-ched the summit. All I took, how
ever, wa3 a glass of champacne.
"Ky this trip i was abie to prove that
Orizaba, .though very lofty, is not quite sa
high as Popocatepetl, which towers to the
great altitude of 18,333 feet.
. "I have written a full account of my
scientific observations and forwarded it to
Germany."
Divorces Granted.
Divorces have been granted in the Snuerlor
Court as follows: Bessie Olsen from Peter 01
--sfn, for desertion; Marian Valentine from
Richard Valentine, cruelty; A. F. Bjorkman
from Clara Bjorkman, cruelty. She slapped his
face and made remarks reflecting on his chut
ity -
Galvanized iron is not galvanized at all,
but is coated with zinc by being plunged
into a bath o! ti.at metal and muriatic
acid.
FOR EVERY BICYCLIST!
Champion Michael Advises Use of
Paine's Celery Compound,
James Michael is the champion long-
distance bicyclist of the world.
He recommends all wheelmen to take
Paine's celery compound.
His experience is that of thousands of
others. With the opening of the bicycle
season many a young person and hun-
dreds of older people who have deter-
mined to tatce up bicycling as a health-
giving exercise find themselves really
lacking the proper "snap" or stamina to
begin on. Their bodily condition pre-
vents so spirited an exercise. They would
lite to ride, but they are out of sorts, run
down by a winter of work or indoor life.
Many who are really sick, who* have suf-
fered from debility or wasting diseases
for a long time until they had begun to ,
think their troubles had become chronic,
as nothing gave them relief, would turn to
bicycling for relief. But this splendid
exercise, like any other, requires strength
to undertake. The blood is oui of order,
the nerves are deranged, and nature's
food for both is needed.
All such persons will find to their im-
mense joy that Paine's c3lery compound
taken now will make them well.
Paine's celery compound worKs wonders
in the spring. . If you have labored under
the load of repeated headaches, neuralgic
pains and days ot nervous debility, now is
your best time to get well.
Michael is to-day the most phenomenal
rider in professional rank?. As far back
as 1894 he was undisputed champion of
Great Britain, and in the following year
he went to France and scored 28 straight
wins against the picked riders of Europe.
He has defeated such farcous men as
Jacquelin, Gougoltz, Huret, Rivierre, Bon-
D A£ AAK
"Song of
the Shirt"
We Can Sing It Loud for
the PRICE IS LOW.
A Great Sale
of SHIRTS,
Good Shirts, carefully cut,
made and finished. Noth-
ing skimped but the price.
50 ; ' Sale
Single D .
Samples rTICe
Fancy • ■» W*
Colored a *%fk
Shirts. I if ■■
Sizes '■'■ "
istoi7. Each
Every one worth $1.50.
JliSt Scarfs,
Received OWS H ■
IWCeiveU Four-in-Hands
"GOLDEN Prs
GATE hi In
Carnival'^ UUU
Neckwear Each
7" 18:MAR,gET STREET.
NOTARY PUBLIC. ~"
I^Ij^MAIIHOOD RESTORED^™
H\K <^Vl K» ><w > ft tlonola famous French physician. vrlilqnlckly cure you o( 'all no?
H^ £Al \> s\\ vous or diseases of the generative orgi,,. s / c h as tost Manhood!
Hi &m V Ca&J Insomnia,! 'alnsln the Buck, Semu.al Emissions Nervous il)"bllitr
B V/f^ 5 * V *&§¥ Pimples, XJnfltness to Marry, Exhaustlne Drains vT-^or- U> and
■ \/ \^Cl/ Constinot!on. It stops all losses by day o*r nlghtf* P,oven^
■ __>-l r . ness of discharge, which if notchpekert leads to Spermatorrhcea and
■ BEFORE. «nd AFTER a!' the horrors of Impotencr. Wl"ll>EaiEcleaiacsUieUvep. Uil
~ fiPin»iMn . 17^ KiJne^a and the urinary organs ol all impurities.
SS > P ,* nlC!llE «trengthensandrestoresBmallwedko?panB. '
Addre« l>AVOi* MiiDICINJi CO.. 1170 Market street. '■ San Francisco, CiO. Forsalet^ ■
hours, Boutriilon and Barden of England,
and Leyten, the Belgian champion.
Ho Has just returned from Europe and is
now ready to join the racing men on the
Pacific Coast, despite the large amount of
work he has gone through during the past
months.
Michael has made cycle racing a careful
study and is in a position to give excel-
lent advice not only to racing men but to
wheelmen and athletes in general. In
reference to his own methods the follow-
ing letter will interest everybody:
Boston. Mass., Feb. 21, 1897. '
After the exertion of my record lides
while with the Morgan & Wright team in
the south lasi winter, during which 1 lost
somewhat in weigm on account of the un-
accustomed c'imate, I was advised to use
Paine's celery compound. I am pleased
to say that it gave such satisfaction that I
was impelled to use it again to brace up
from the effects of the two unusually
roucrh ocean trips that I have taken dur-
ing the past month. I believe that wheel-
men who have to undergo ii\o hardships
of "circuit chasing" will find Paine's cel-
ery compound of assistance in keeping up
their physical tone. Jimmy Michael.
Every one needs to take a spring remedy
to purify their blood, arouse the circula-
tion and counteract the debilitating effect
of months of confining work, worry and
excitement.
The more intelligent portion of every
community are the ones who best recom-
mend Paine's ceJery compouud. They
have looked into this great remedy, fol-
lowed its remarkable achievements in tba
case of friends, neighbors and relatives,
and know just what to expect from its
use as a nerve and brain strengthener and
restorer and an ideal invigorator for a
run-down system.
THE
WEEKLY
CJRLL
c/ It Publishes the Cream of ths
gj News of the Week and
=>< ,'j/IANY ATTRACTIVE AND
*l ORIGINAL FEATURES.
5 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
Z>l PACIFIC COAST
5 .Always Republican, but Always
Fair and Impartial in Its
°\ * Rendering of the Po-
c\ litical News. •
3 It's the Paper to Send East 0
J You Want to Advertise
3 California.
3 \ / *
D The Best \ /.Mining
°1 Telegraphic \/ News That •.
°\ Service on /X Is Accurate
c»C The Coast / up to date
o< / X
3 -A
3 Not a Line of it Sensational -
oc or Faky, and Not a Line of
« it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDB.
OC Bright, Clean, A Champion of
■J Thoughtful. Truth.;
©) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY.
Tl HOME MAIL, $1.50
CX INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR 4U
X PATENTS! 3
; ;^fi^2o market sxso^SS^ ' '"RICHEST
IN THE
WORLD"
George W. Silver Says He
Has Discovered the
Incas' Mines.
FABULOUS WEALTH IN
PERU.
Gold Nuggets to Be Picked Up
in the Andes as Thick
as Strawb2rries.
A FAT BANK BOOK NOW IN EVI
DENCE.
Ruins of an Ancient City— Pj ospects
That Hydraulic Mining Wi 1
Be Tried.
George W. Silver arrived in San Fran
cisco on the last steamer from Panama.
He says he has found a territory amidst
the Andes of South America where, figur
atively speaking, cold nuggets are as
plentiful as strawberries on a hillside, and
he believe? he has discovered the locality
of the fabulously rich mines cf the ancient
lncaa. Mr. Silver has been shipping gold
by every steamer for-ncariy a year through
AY ells, Fargo & Co., tlie express company
delivering it at the Mint, where it was
coined into glitterine twenties and depos
ited in bank here to bis credit. He has bank
books and other data to corroborate one of
the rncst interesting and prutitab.e ex
periences that a gold-hunter ever had.
Though he has been in South America
only a year on his last trip, the bank-books
in his possession show he has a deposit of
$25,000 to his order.
Mr. Silver formerly resided in Oafciand.
He has a son 11 years old in school there
now. His wife is dead, and his only
other living relatives are two brothers, who
are well-to-do business meu of Bosion-
Mass.
"1 found this gold," said Mr. Silvnr yes
terday, "with a cum nnuii rocker in "me
bed of a stream. The natives with a pan
collect from fl to $10 per day, according
to ibe decree of industry with which they
work. Like most Indians they are indo
lent, though friendly in this instance, and
will work only a day at a time. It is eas
ier to sit around iv the sun and watch
iheir crops grow.
"Nearly every country in South America
is rich in gold. I speht two years goinj;
over the country searching for the richest
spot, and I think I have found it. The
place is in the province of Pat^z, in Pern.
Fatal is on the east side of the river
yi ar.inon, o r main Amazon, about ' 4«)
mi.es from the coa.«t. It taues about n>o
weeks to get in there by mule or .burro
:ifter leaving the Mei.-gs railroad. My
companion and mypelt Jbought a 'tajo'
from an Indian for $60. There were no
j articular boundaries to our claim on the
east side and up ihe stream of the little
r.ver Ca^os, which emptie> into the Mara
non. 'NY c had the privilege of working as
far as we pleased. YVe louiid fine gold all
v.rough :hj bank, and on the bedrock
< b::uned as high as $5 25 to the pan of
c jarse gold. The deplb of the gravel was
lrom 50 to 100 feet. This was our start.
Our claims above subsequently gave big
jrospects— as much as ft to the pan. I
informed by reliable natives thai
T-ieces of gold weighing as high as twenty
seven pounds had been found in that vi
cinity. You can see tiiat this ground
wouid be immensely profitable witli tiy
draulic mining and macninery.
"Tue gravel benches run for miles along
tne streams and nave never been pros
pected. Tliey all carry a heavy deposit of
Ko;d. Our toxeswere at first robbed of
most oi 'he coarse gold which they con
tained. YVe did not lind this out for some
time. YVe received positive proof that our
confidential and trusted peon sold one
piece of gold for $32 which he had stolen
from our boxes during the night. YVe
lived about a quarter of a mile away from
our works arm could not watch them at
night. YVe moved down to the works.
The lower class of the biacks will steal,
though generally on a HinaiJ scale, unless
watched.
"After quitting work on our 'tajo,' "
he continued, "we prospected near ihe
summit of the rasi^e, to the eastward of
Chacncocbe, on the top and down the
sides of a big, round mountain, for some
ihing like 1000 feet.
"We lound gold everywhere over the
surface. This mountain is called Ka
erajcia. There is a layer of gravel un
wash:-d, or a debris with v.ash gravel, from
ten to sixteen feet dee].. From a pan
taken anywhere could be obtained from
60 to 100 colors anu surrn.- pieces quite
coarse. This is about ten lenuues irora
where we worked our claim. Tdis moun
tain is r>ddied with old mines, like an ant
uill, which were .worked by the Indians
before the Spanish took possession o' the
country more than 300 years ago, Tradi
tion says they were immensely rich in
goid. Probably most of this ■ miuense
layer on the mountain is tne Waste and
tailings of the working of these mines.
Water can be brought on to this mountain
from tne beads of small &troams. The
yield of gold would be exceedingly great.
I never saw quicksilver used in the coim
try, and much tine cohi is necessarily lost.
The hue gokl i* always bright, and, I Dare
no douoi, would amalgamate easily. Na
tive labor is client*.
"The town <;f T«yaljani bi is situated on
a gravel bench 400 feec above Hie river
After a heavy storm I have seen
';••; native children of the tov/n pick from
•*1 to >J. in gold from ihe gutters under the
eavea of their house.-. There are miles
and rubles of just tucn Denchei as that on
Whicb this town stands.
"On the west side of this stream, about
two leagues above the junction, is a bench
called Laplay. It contains veins of de
composed quartz runniug from $1000 to
$-000 a ion. Sonre time before my arrival
in the country a piiest, P.idro N* arses hi
sano, took out twenty-live pound < of goid.
The bank has been mined by tunnels
thousands of years ago, and undtreruund
working*, following the small veins, often
struck l».r 6 e pockets of ore. Padre L>
zano had to slop operations on account ol
lilling up the stream below, wnich over
flowed and Hooded the crops. A great
obstacle to mining in the country is :h >t
there is no timoer suitable for lumber
nearer than 100 nn.es, and no wagon roads.
«.niy trails lor park animals. There is
plenty or beef ana mutton, wheat, corn
and po:atoe3.
"There are no foreigners in the country
aud the natives treat white men in ii
friendly manner. The Indians wili.seli
gold dust and nupg«is for |8 or $9 an
<>unce, particularly if they are paid in
remvtan silver dollar?. They know just
what they can do with the money of the
country.
"There is no trouble in getting clfliras.
tile can be easiiy had from the Govern
ment. Large mercantile houses at Tru-
SAN JOSE AND NAPA SAY "NOT NOW."
Executive Heads Believe a .New State Constitution Is .Not Yet
Required.
San Jose, Cal., March 25. 1897.
Editor Call: Responding to your request for my views as to the advisability of
calling a constitutionai convention, I will state that I Have read with much interest
The Call's account of the passage of the legislative resolution. Ordinarily I would
advocate the adoption of the very radical measure suggested by the resolution in order
to correct the many ill feature? of our present constitution. At this time, however, i
am constrained to oppose tiit* movement. I oppose ie because of the great expense
involved; because, too, ti:e people of California have just passed through a great
financial crisis, brought about, perhaps, by poorly considered legislation, and the
hour is 111-timed for tLe making of further legislative experiments. .Besides this we
have witli us still tbe memories, if not all the evil results, of the change of 1879. The
people remember the agitation thnt practically stagnated the bnsint-as community —
they recall the bitterness of feeling and the antagonism of cla««s against class engen
dered, and, In my jr.dsrnent, stormy days cf that kind are wisely avoided.
. Then, too, as 1 understand the present organic law, a provision exists for sub
mitting any proposed amendments to the people whenever expediency may suggest.
VALENTINE KOCH, Mayor of San Jost.
i With this power la the hands of the pubiic it would seem unnecessary to delegate it
I to conventional representatives.
The recent election demonstrated the fact that the California p-nblic watch closely
and vote Intelligently upon proposed constitutional ciianges, aud with tne ballot
remedy thus at hand why assume the risk of agnui disturbing the business world?
All organic changes in laws necessarily create internal upheavals, and that this is
particularlj- true in •California is evidenced by the evil effects following the adoption
of our preseut law. Many of these have passeJ away. The people have grown accus
tomed to the methods of taxation, and business men generally have been guided by
I the law as it now standr.
Tne principal contention, as I understand, in favor of the change is that larger
and broader powers should be given to municipalities 1 . Conceding this, would it not
j be better ihat tUe municipal authorities secure '.heir own law at ther own expense?
j If San Francisco wants greater protection or superior facilities the legislative road is
open and her charter may be renewed or remodeled without burden tig the entire
j State with ttie enormous expense attendant upon a general convention.
Then, too, it is contended ih:it the present constitution forced capital from
California. Conceding this, also, have we any assurance that a change will bring
capital back?
If we consider the fact that to-day money is more remunerative in California than
in any Eastern State, that it produces Jar.-er and quieter returns, it may well be
doubted that a ciiange would bring to the State tne taw notables who took their gold
away.
Of course 1 know that much of the capital taken from California is now employed
in manuiacturine enterprises on tne Kastvrn seaboard for the very obvious reason that
in many States, especially tnose of New England manufacturing plants are exempt
from taxation, eitiier entirely or for a term of years. We of Calilornia can by our
votes do the same thin?, and thus encourage both labor and capital.
■For the reasons I have here brieriy indicated, my judgment is ngninst the
resolution. Yours very truly, V. KOCH, Mayor of the City of San Jose.
jillo buy gold annuaiiy to the amount of
$50,000 from the natives. 1 beiieve hrm!y
that one good hydraulic In operation
would °take- out more gold in one week
than is now taken out of the province in
one year by the present primitive methods
of mining.
"1 have ordered in San Francisco two
hydraulic machines," said Mr. Silver,
"and hiii having them constructed so tfiat
1 can take thorn into the country in pieces
by pack-tr.un. I have grams and con
cessions from the Government sufficient
to keep me working for the remainder of
my natural life, so that I am willing that
the world should know of this rich gold
bearing district. There are millions and
millions of easily mined gold there. 1
believe it is the richest spot in the world.
I do not want mooey from anybody, and
I have nothing to sell. I expect to return
to Peru in four or six weeks, oj as soon as
I can yet things ready. I expect to have
all the gold I want in two. or three years."
As to the ruins of the incas Mr. Silver
said: "On a tableland in the locality I
have been telling you about are some
ancient ruins covering ten miles square.
Tradition says they were the bite of a
great city of tne ancient Incas. Two stone
columns still standing are fully eighty
feet high. They appear to be the front
pillars of a temnle. John \V. Palmer of
Ogdenst/ur.!.', N. V., who went into the
country with me from the coast, made the
trip for the purpose of pxploring these
ruins, .lie took out $170,000 worth oi
ancient solid gold, silver and copper
plate and altar ornaments. The vas^s, In
fact all the relics, were richly carved and
very beautiful. He left me at Pimama
and went across the isthmus to take the
steamer tor Now York. He is going to
return to the ruins and resume excavation
on a larser scale. He will join me in San
Fr anci-co.
"History says the ancient Incas before
the Spanish conquest of Peru were the
highest and purest race of peopl? the
world has ever known. It.is a matter of
history. I believe that Piznrro took eight
shipload* of Rold in money and orna
ments, $800,000,000 worth of which came
out oi the ureat temple of Cuzco. He took
the old Inca king prisoner, you know,
and demanded a random of -$2,000,000.
The king sent his subjects up into the
mountains and in three days ihey brought
back that amount of gold. Pizarro then
demanded of the kii;g to reveal the place
where the gold came from. The king re
fused and wa3 put to death. Those an
cient mines are still undiscovered. They
were hidden by the faithful Incas. but re
main hidden to this day. Traces of an
cient highways may still be been ruir.iinir
along and over the mountains. I believe
that thos.e ancient mines are In P.itaz or
vicinity. Somebody w.ll find them some
day. May be Palmer will."
Mr. Silver can quote cordy of Black
stowp and yards of Shakespeare and other
poetry. H** put in his nights in the wil
derness of Peru read in-. He is a gradu
ate of the law school of Michigan Univer
sity at Ann Arbor, class of '74. He was
or,e of the party oi siudents which forcibly
pit Victoria Woodhull <>n the train an I
sent her out of town in February. 1874
for delivering the distasteful speech in
\nn Arbor which gave Victoria, in con-,
neciion with her. sudden hegira, so much
advertising at that time.
Advantks made on furniture and piano-, with
or without removal. J. tfoonan, 1017-1023 Mission
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1897.
OPERATES AS A
BOOMERANG
The Pure - Food Crusade
Causes Very Serious
Results.
California Producers Irjared
When Benefit Was In
tended.
Eas'ern Customers Say at the Word
"Adulterated" and Withdraw
Their Trade.
It developed at the conference of the
Board of Healtii with the grocers, canners
:;:i I lioney-uncKera yesterday that the
crusade of the board against impure food
products, intended to aid California pro
ducers, ii as acted as a boomerang, and has
made serious inroad* on the business of a
number of lar^e firms.
The trouble seems to be that in its
zealous efforts to enforce the isw the
board has failed to sufficiently dis
tinguish batween metnods of adulterating
fruit products that aredangerous to health
and those that me not.
The word "adulterated" strikes terror
into the heart of the consumer, end in
nine cases out of ten tne inference is
drawn that the goods are dangerous to
health. The board found many Eastern
products that contained acids and dyes
that were dangerous, while the larger
number of California fruits classed as
adulterated were mereiy called so because
the products of two fruits were mixed,
though the mixture might hav<» been per
fectly termless, and as little liable to in
jure health as the product of a single fruit.
The news has gone forth to the world,
however, that California fruits have been
found to be largely adulterated, and the
fffocs of the promulgation have already
been felt to such an extent that several
canneries are threatening to go out of ex
istence.
The meeting was called to give the gro
cers who sell and the houses that put up
fruits a chance to state tneir objections to
the existing statutes and the manner in
which they are enforced.
The attorney for the grocers stated tbnt
bis c ients were in favor of the laws, but
that ihey objected to being prosecuted be
The fee-simile - v /T& v/?/r, ■? "* is on every wrapper ■
signature of Wut&ffl&&J&X of CASTOEIA.
Napa City, March 29, 1897.
Editor Call: Not being a jurist I have given but little attention to the matter of
calling a convention for the purpose of framing a new constitution beyond voicing a
casual opinion, such as may be evoked when any important subject diverts the atten
tion of the public mind.
Claiming it as our indefeasible right to convene for the communication of thought
and the formation of opinions in order to approach the defects of our present consti
tution let us ask whether it would be a wise and judicious step to tate inVioh a sea
son of depression p.s now confronts us, and whether it would not bo a. measure that
would be pronounced as being wholly a speculative and expensive experiment during
tl.ese hard times of tramps, trusts and depleted treasuries, and at its long-continued
session la the end produce a no less defective and ano more complete instrument
than the one now in existence. We remember that an appropriation was allowed lor the
last convention fora payment of 100 days' service, out the time required to perform
such service lasted 153 days, thus exceeding the time and the payment allowed,
and to this day there is owing to that delegation some $700 or $800 each, and even the
J. A. FULLER, Mayor of Napa.
I full payment for the" allotted 100 days is yet due to its members. The welfare of our
.State, we a Unit, is the vital principle of our political existence; without it we are
dead, or live only to servitude; yet it is impossible not to revert to the situation of tlie
times.
For a long period after the ratification of the present constitution our laws censed
to harmonize, which many <>f o\ir citizens can testify to by the ruinous litigation
that followed in and Feieral courts, and whicu has become an object lesson
the public have to fear: that a^ain their cause may be of doubtful merit and disas
trous issue tliat rights which they considered as d- lined by the wisdom and con
tirmed by tue authority ol nritten Uw nxay turn out 10 be no nioreJhan ideal claims,
without cither precision or security; tliat acts of parliamentary lore themselves are
no more than embryos of legislation, or at b^st but Infants, whose tirst labors shou d
not be to teach, but to learn ; and which, even fefter twenty years of pupilaee, may
require twenty more to periect a guardianship. Again, admitting that our present
bulwark may be cwlicient in some respects— and what constitution is perfect? — yet we
must admit that under its guidance our Stute has prospered, and during its existence
our industrial development forms a verdict for its approval.
Then what is the necessity to induce us to call this convention, to acquiesce in a
measure fraught with doubt, if not dancer? Are we not enjoying a a.ate bordering
on luxury and general satisfaction that are ever the traces by wbico good are ever to be
distinguished Irora bad governments, ana which is always to be fo-ind where a gov
ernment is moderate and mild and just to its people? I consider that the adding of a
einelo amendment will render all the requisite auxiliary that may be required from
time to timt>. and even yield a satisfactory assistance to bridge growing defects that
may iv time present themselves. Most emphatically I deem the calling of such
convention not only uncalled for, but an unwananted. unwi>e am) unwelcome meas*
nre. J. A. FULLER, Mayor of the City of Napa.
fore they bad been warned that they were 1
selling adulterated goods. They had no {
means of telling when. or t «■ goods were
pure or not, and bought on the statement
of producers that the hints were all right,
lie argued that the manufacturer should
be prosecuted instead of the retailer and
that the board should not in«ist on the
prosecution of those already arrested, but
allow their cases to be postponed until the
matter could be amicably arranged.
John Nobbnsan, secretary of %he Retail
Grocers' Association, siated that the asso
ciation members were in favor of the laws
us they stand, but object to tue manner of
their enforcement. He stated that grocers 1
could not analyze goods sold them, and
charged thai in one instance, whero ar
ticles had ueen sent by a grocer to the
bo.-ird, analysis had bteo refused.
Dr. Morse denied that tile, charge was
true, and Mr. Xobbman withdrew it, say
ing that he did not send the goods him
self, but had been told on cood authority
that they had been sent.
phiiip'D. Code, of Code, Elfelt &. Co.,
voiced the sentiments 0/ the canuera of
this City.
He stated lhat for the past two years
.the market had lu>.-:i fioo:led with adul
terated Eastern jellies and other lruit
product*, and that California canneries
had been compelled to compete with them
in order to keep in businesi by lowering
the standard of California fruits. This
was done not by adulterating iv the gen
erally accf-pted sense of th» term, but by
mixing jenies of fruits that could be
bought cheaply witn those that were
dearer.
For Instance, by mixing currant and
apple jelly, a jelly couid be produced that
was practically as pure as tha: of the cur
rants alone, and tue price mould be much
lower. In the ense of orange jelly, which
was demanded by the public, it was abso
lutely necessary to use apple juice to pro
duce it, as the juice of the oranire docs noi
jelly at all,
.Since the crusade of the bonrd had been
begun the trade with Colorado, Montana
and other Western States had fallen off
[*0 per cent because the impression had
gained gropnd that California fruits
were adulterated the same as Eastern
products. The former customers of Cali
fornia houses haa slopped buying here
because they made up their rdinds that
they micht us well buy adulterated East
ern goods as those from California, inas
much as they were cheaper.
Mr. Code thought that the laws would
eventuilly redound to the benefit of
California producers if they were justly en
forced, and care taken noi to let the im
pression get abroad that the goods con
tained deleterious substances.
William Oiine, one of the grocers ar
rested and convicted of selling adulter
ated goo is, said that lie bad been done a
grave, injustice. He had been arrested for
selling goods tha; be thought to be per
fectly pure, and through the publicity
given the matter had lost 50 per cent oi
his business. He thought that the manu
facturers viso produced tho goods or the
jobbers who sold them shonid be prose
cuted instead of the retailer, who could
not i.ell when he bought mkl sold adulter
ated goods.
On motion of D-. Morse, Mayor Pheian,
who presided, appointed a committee
consisting of Dr. Morse and Dr. WilHum
>on to consider ihe matters presented and
formulate some plan of action.
To luicn Homing I'igoons
The new by-lows and race rules of the'CaH
fornia Pigeon and Homing Society are now
ready ana will be distributed at the next
meeting of the club, which will be on April 3,
nt 032 :>fark(;t *treei. On tb«i dute the entries
for the Sniua Rosa races will bo received be
tween <i:3U arrd 7 :30 P .m.. Nt the clubrooms.
Those desiring to place (heir birds in the races
must do so durir.p the hour stitted.
A grasshopper can spi ing more than 200
times its own Ipncrih.
JEW • TO-D AT.' " ■
I THE APRIL |j
I CENTURY ||
limn 3 (Ji ij^ ?j E3I
GRANT MEMORIAL
; NUMBER
1 General Horace Porter ,
describes the new Tomb of General
Grant and writes most interestingly j
on v Campaigning with i Grant."
I There are other articles on General
. Grant and much besides, including : i
first chapters of a new serial story. : (
1 ! - o Ready on all ne r tt>s-stands * ;
Is. April Ist,— a superb number of?
\ | "The Greatest of Magazines. '
1 1
Hyr\JclvnM« Tcroat. I'luiples. Copper-M
BtiAVu'IUU Colored Spots, Achc»7old SorcaM
■Jl'lccru in Mouth, Hair-Falling! Write COOK&1
■BEHESY CO., 3O? Masonic Templejß
■K:h!curo, 111., for proofs of cures. Capl-fH
Wtal, 8500,000. Worst cases cured In ISH
Jto 85 day. 100-pmgo booh, free. Jj
»EW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
I mitiiis
ABOUT JLNICnO-OAl!
Among the MANY MARVELOUS ATTRACTIONS with which
we open the month will be found the following
UNMISTAKABLE BARGAINS!
EMBROIDERIES! EMBROIDERIES!
C r -CAMBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular price 10c. on Special Sale at 5c
u^- a .yard.
I K r -CAHBRIC GUIPURE EMBROIDERY? regular price 25c, on Special Sale at
iv^V/ 15c a yard.
LACES! LACES! LACES!
1^1 — BUTTER AND IVORY ORIENTAL GUIPURE LACES, 4 to 7inches wide,
*<**** regular price 25c, on Bpecial Sale at 15c a yard.
I X r — CREAM POINT DE PARIS AND PLATT VALENCIENNES LACES, 4 to 6
'^ v incaes wide, regular price 25c, on Special Sale=at 15c a yard.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
Cfl| — 75 dozen MEN'S STANLEY OVERSHIRTS, with laundered collars and cuffs,
*^ vrv ' pleated fronts, pearl buttons and of the latest designs of new 6pnn<» shin-
ings, Worth ?l, will De offered atsoc each.
Kf| r — 73 dozen MEN'S "GOLt" SHIRTS, the latest style?, made of new sprin-
JVl * shirtings, worth $1, will be offered at 50c each.
: |C r — 125 dozen JIEN'S CASHMERE LAMBS-WOOL SOCKS, full finished, with
I ■v-**' double spliced heels and toes, in light and dart tan shades, worth $3 a dozen
will De offered at 15c a pair.
CA r -82 dozen MEN'S DERBY RIBBED 15ALBRIGGAN UNDERSHIRTS AND
v-JVFV/ DRAWERS, in vicuna shade", .'-hirts wit > silic riDbed collarettes and drawers
with double seats, worth $1, will be offered at 50c each.
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S HOSIERY!
|^C r — 100 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE, plain and Richelieu
XsJC ribbed, in solid black and with wnite feet, regular pr.ce osc, will be closed out
at 20c a pair.
|91 r —l case BOYS' EXTRA HEAVY BLACK RIBBED COTTON HOSE, double
■■•2^ knees and spliced h -els, regular pncn 20c, w:ll be closed out at 12>jc a pair.
Iff*/ MURPHY BUILDING, /
{/{/ ffiariet Street, Comer of Jones, /
San Francisoo.
; • RAILROAD TRAVEL. '•' *
SANFRIWO& lORTI PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO. .
' Tlbaron Ferry— Foot of Market 36.
* San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEKK DAYS- 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 13:5 V
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 *. K. Thursdays— Extm trio
at 11:30 P. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at i:ij I
and 11:30 p. m.
BDKI)AY»-H:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:3 A i
• :00. 0:'2O P. v.
San Knfael to Sun I Vinci
WEEK DAYS-B-.15, 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. *• |
12:45. 3:40, 6:10 p. M. Baturday*— Kztrs triai !
"'at 1:66 p. *. and 8:35 p. v.
BCKDA"tB-8::U, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:41 '
6:00, 8:25 P. K. ■ •
Between San J<'ranclsco and Scliiietzerl Parlc sams :
•schedule as above. *
Lewis 1 TnetfwM Arrive
San FraucJsco. 6c t T it Ban Francl c *
Wkkk I Sun- ii «?natlon StT:%T I Wkrk
- Days. [ days. [ "estination. aAYW- ) DAYg>
7:80 am 8:00 AMI Nos'ato, 10:40 am 8:40 a 5
8:30 pm»:.SO am: Petaluma, 6:10 PM 10:25 am
6:10 cm; 6:00 I'M | Santa Rosa. 7:35 m 6:22 J
• : - . . Fulton,
I.Mau Windsor, 10:25 AM i
? Healdsburg,
I ytton,
Geyservllle, I
8:30 ?M 8:00 «m C'lbvprdale. 7:S»pK| 6:22 pm
~~ i ' Pieta, "~~
I Honland & .
7:30 AMI 8:00 am Uklaii. 7:35 pm 6:2» pm
7:30 am • • . 10:25 am i
8 :00 AM GuernevlUe. 7 :S& pm
8:80 PM ■ '6:23 pm
7:30 AM 8:00 AC (Sonoma 10:40 am »:40am^
. • ■ and
6:10 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm i
7:30 AMi 8:01) am! Bebfi _ toDQI 110:40 ami 10:3> AM I
tJ:3OPMiS:UOI'MI He * ittatopol - | d:IOPMJ B:ii3PM ,
stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mar'v West
Springs: at (ieyservllle for Skascgs Springs; at
Cloverdalf for UM Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Burlnxm Kelseyvilie, Soda Bay and .LAlceportf at
liopland for l.Hkeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Vkiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Blon
Lakes, Laurel Del! X^ake, Upper Lake, I'omo, Potter
Valley. Jonn Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
noil's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Boonevilla,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocluo City, ',
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal. will Cahto, Co> ,
Telo, Laytonvllle. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
- (Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduooi
On Sundays round-trip tickets U"» all points bs- i
yond San Kafael at half rat—- •
Ticket Offices, 660 Market st., Chronicle bandies, !
A. W.FOSTER, R. X. BY All,
Vies, and Ueu. iflanager. ■ . . Gen. Paaa. Agenfc
Atlantic "'^^^®*^i
Pacific i
BAILKO4D
Trains leave ana art s «rj at ßS*>SiM>feaiSaM*i
aarkeirßtreet Ferry. raH^^B^w^^
saista EXPRESS. -^^^^S
Xo Chicago via A. A;
I*avc» da ly at 6 :J0 p. m., carrvlnr Pnlluan Palac
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered < Tourist
; Bleepin -cars, which run dally through to Chioae» •
■ yia Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and St. ;
Louis. I
Boston Excursions, via Kansas City, Chlcatra
Montreal and the Whits fountains leave every
Tuesday. ... . ,-.-,:
- The best ran way from California to the Rash
Mew rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting sconacy,
I ana good meals in Harvey's ilinit^rooiuiL ' . . -
ban Francisco Ticket Office, 041 Market
It., Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
• »ftftA» i)»lUand, 111» Kroadwty.
; MOUNT TAMALPAE
Trains connect with. North Paciflo
i C on Railroad. ' '
i WKKK UAY&— aP. 9:l"i a. m. 1:4"> p. m.
■ Returning— Arrive S. I. 3:25 p m. 6:20 p. M.
! SUNDAYS— Leave 8.^.8 a. m 11:30 a. M. 1: Slip. M.
i Returning— Arrive S.K. 1:15 p.m. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p.m.
' Tickets for sale In Mil! Valley or .
THO-. couK it sO-Vs, OJI Market st,, 8. P.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpals Scenic Railway.
THE SIS FR'..\<:!sro \B SIS 41)10111
VALLEI RAILWAY 10.HPAW. 7
FBOM JANUARY 31, 1897, " passenger trains
win run daily: • . >-
Honthbound. - Stations.' << Northbound.
7x20 a. m. ..........5t0ckt0n.......... 6:40 p. m.
i 9:49 a. M.... -. Merced 8:14 T m. '
' 11:60 a m... ......... Fresno ..r....;. 1:10 p." m.
For intermediate stations see Mum-table. ■■ ■
Connecting stasmboats of the C. N. <S I. Co,
leave San Fsan:isco arid Stockton at 6 p. m. d ally.
• , ; '.'•■. ? ' RAILROAD TRATEZJ
. SOGTHKBN PACIFIC I'OMPAXT. .
.■,V;.; (PAl'lt-IC HITHTKH.)
US IKIX JN< <».
leave — From March 21. 1897. — arrive
"•6760a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations. . . »:43a
7:UOa Atlantic Impress, Ogdt-u and i:ast.. »s4*>p
7:OUa Ucnicia, Vacaville, Rumßey. Sacra- •
meuto, OroTillo and Redding via
• Davis ' 6545p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Xapa,
CalUtosa and Santa R05a......... 6:15,-
-8:«Oa Nnes, Situ Josu. .Stockton, lone,
Sacrai:iouto, Maryi<ville, Chico, "
Tohaina and Ued1J1uif. :.......... <:Isp
•»:*lO\'PeterB and Mi1t0n........... «7:15p
0:U»a Now Di leans i^xpress, Raymond (for
, Yosomite), Fresno, Bakcrsliulil,
Bftnta ISarltara, l.os Anijrlcs, Dem-
i'-i. r . El Paao, New Orleans mid
Jbßl 4:4fl*
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4:4Sp
9:OOAVaUejo 6ilsp
Kites, San Joae, Livcrmore and
Stochton "J'slSp
# I:OOp Sacramento Hirer HtsnuierM *UiOOp
1 too r* Niles, San Jo.«e and Vermont :4 5 a
fl:SOp Port Costa and Way BUtions t?:43p
4:<>Ot- Martinez,. Kan Ramon, Vallojo,
Napa, Caiiatogu, *' : Vnrano and
SiiutaUoßa 9:19 a
4 :OOi> Benicia, . VooaTille, Woodland,
Knislits Landing, Marysville, Oro- >
vilii- and S.ui mnc-iitii 11:15 a
4:S«i»Lathroi), Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning vii Martinez 1 1:45 a
.8:OOpLos Angeles Express, Tracy,
Fresno, Moj»re (for Randsburg),
Banta Barbara and ].<■■■ Auguleu. 7:43 a
5:OOp Santa I'o Route, Atlantic J^xpress
for Mojuru and East 7:1.1*
G:O«i- Rnropoau Mail, Ogden and IWt .. . 11:45 a
* «:«»»!• H:iy\v»i<U, Milts and San .lone 7:45 a
J7:<M>i- Vallcjo t7:43p
7:OOr Oregon K ljiUMM. Sacramento, Marys.
ville. Ue.Kiiint, Portland, PiiKet
Sound anil Ka5t...... 11:13 a
SAM. < Ull^ IHVIsIO.N (Marrow li.tngei.
(7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, banta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations....... ]B>O3r
8:43 a Ncw:iik,('ciiieivi!:<-,S;iii.(of!e,Felton, ;
IlouUlcr Greek, .Santa Cruz and Way •
. Stations..'. OiSOf
•2:15p Nctvarlr, Ccntcrtille, .San Jose. New
. Alnmdon, Kclton, Houldtr Cree!c,
. Santa Cruz and -rriiiclpal Way
Stations ...;................ »I1:2Oa
4ilsplTciYarlc, Hnu .I<>^p and l<oa (iatos... 0:30.\
CO AST DIVISION (i'liiril A To<tiiNfn.l St.i.)
7:OOa San Jorc mid Wny Stations (New • ■■■.'
Almadcu Wednesdays only) 1:80?
9:00* San .Ins-.', Treß l'liios, HauU Crux, ' ►»
Pacilic Orovo, l'atio Hobles, Haw
■ - ->■ Jj'.ils <)bl»i>o, Guadalup?, .Surf and ■
Vrinolp;»l Way Htations 4:1.1 ••
I«:IO\ Sun Jose and Wny .Stations... 6:30p
11:3Oa Pate Alto and Way Stations S:OOi
*Bt3«*i> San Mate's M.nlo Park, San .lone,
Glhiiy, Trcs I'inos, Saut.i Cruz,
Sali:ian, Monterey mill r»cilic(ir<>vu ■lU:4O*
\ •»::i«i l Sau .liwoain*. Way stations ......,■. 9:43 a
- *4:30 - .lose ami Way .Station* *S:O3a
i San ,'osonn 1 Principal Way .Stations *.«i:4."i
[ 6:30 - Sail Josoauil WiiyHtatioua......... «::W\
I tl I :-»■>!- Bau Josoftinl WavStnUnns -t~:4sf
'.■NAM LKAMMtO AMU HA¥tfAltK> MH AL.
i*G:OOA "I ( 7jl3a
[ ' S:OUa .".»:I.}a
:iS. ! SSt Mcl ; Seminary Park, ' \iMa
"aloSp Fitchb»rg,SanLe«ndro " t fjjg
<:i:00? I - nd 4:43p
4:00p > / ana ■ .'3:4.1 P
3:30p . * ... ■..:. .- 7:1,1 p
7:O0p . ' S-.tr,p
> O*,)o[. i Runs through to Niles. • oisop •
■ ttlltiap,* t From Niles. ' [ ttl o<)p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from ""RiKCISCO— Foot of Mirket Street (Slip 8)— . .•
•7:15 • 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:90 »2:00 t3:0O
•4:00 16:00 ••6:00r.w..
from OiHim>— of 3r»adw*j.— : ' .'■■'■ *6:00 . ' 8:00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 •1:00 t2:00 . *3:00 ti:CO
•3:00 p.m. ,_-::', .-' . _ .■■
•" '■■'- A for Moronic. - ' P for Afternoon.
• Sunday. «Tcei)ted. • * Saturdays only, .
'li - 1 Sundays only. ' . -. ,
. .ii Monday. I<iv.-««iav and fiar.:irday nighu only. .•
KOETH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD v
(.Via Sansallto Ferry). i . .
: JTcom San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 1% 1833,
WEEKDAYS.
I or Mill Valley and «in KaFael—»7:2s,' •9:13
11:UO A. M.. •1:45.3:45, *S:l5. «J:3O P.u.
' Extra trips for B<i:i Kafael on Mondays, Wedn*s-
i days and Saturdays a: 11:30 p. m.
:'-■ ■■>■" : ; . -;■ SUNDAYS. ■ ' •• 'v
For Mill Valley and Pnn ' Kafael— *B -.00. •10-00
•11:30 •. 14.: •l-.bO, 3:00, -4 6:15 1. it. -
Trains marked • run to San Quentln." •
> :;■ THROUGH TRAINS. -J; -' "
For Point Reyes .and way , stations— a. it
Weekdays, 8:00 a. it bundays,l:4s p. it. batur-
dnys *-..•;■. -v-.r- •■■■■--■.- •--...-.■ - ..- .. ■.. - -•_- _..,.,..?:
far Casftdero and way stations— a. m. w«ek-
j 4ays; 1:46 r. M. Saturdays.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE JIAKtIiW.
0 Silver off again.
heat and Barley weak.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bean* and Seeds dull. ' "' •_ •-.'.'•;
H«y and Rolled Barley weak. '
Coffee dprred- V'!-- W&Sr • •"
Hank Clearings still lose. ' ' "•'•'.
Coal unchanged. ''. ,' . ■ '.;•:. . '•
Provisions tiie same. i^-***^^^^Hl^K
• Butter depressed.
Eg'.s stationary. v ° ' _ ..
Potatoes steady. Onions firm. ,•;..'
Poultry in good shape. _ . - '. .'
Mexican Dollars lower. •'- ■ .'" . .■"•"' _ :^. *.-'"
• t  lANh CLEABINOS.: . •"
Local bank clearings In March were $55,003,
--425, against $56,55&.653 for March. 1836. For
the first three, month* of thn year the» were
$155,8/6,262, against $166,409,989 for the same
timelnlß9& /'^ • ' V '
PRODUCE EXCHANGE SALES. 1. .
The sales on the Produce- Exchange ca'.l during
the first three months of 18U7 were 1,683,300*
tons of wheat and 165.500 tons of barley.
- °« Explanation.'.;". ■.'-••"
1 The arrow filet with the wind. : The top flgui«»
at station indicate maximum . tempera! for. the ,
.(Jays: those underneath It. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of .melted snow in inches and hundredths
during the past twelve hours.. Isobars, or solid]
lines, connect po!n of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines,. equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low
rifi'rs to* low pressure, and is uxually preceded
and accompanied by clouJv weather and rain*.
"Lows" -usually first appear oa the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In th» interior:
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south ulone the coast, rain In probable: ;.
but when the "low Is inclosed with isobars of
matted curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
we*ther may be expected in summer »nd colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result. „'•;" •.'•-" . ...
WKATHER BUREAU REPORT. •. •..
United States Dkpabtment or Auriccl- .
tubs. Weather. Bureau;.* Sax c Francisco,
° March 31, 1897. 5 p. m.—The,following aio the
rainfalls tor the past 24 hours, and seasonal rain
falls to date as compared with those of the same
(Sate last season: \ ,- „•• •.•'.'••*•■-:".■'■'• •„*-'
Eureka, this season .00. last season. 35.97, past
24 hours.o2; Red Bluff 22.86, last season 16.19,
[past 24 hoars. 2o: San Francisco 22.34, last sen-
Bon 15.37, past 24 hours .04;.Fresno 10.22, last
srsson 5.37, past 24 hours .00; Han Luis Oblspo
20.52, last season 15.41, past 24 hours .00; Lot
Angles 16.71, last season 8.88, past 24 hours .03;
San Diego 11.60. last season 5.68, past "-'4 hours
.00: Yuma 5.35, last season .88, past 24 hours.oo.
San Francisco da a—Maximum temperature 68,
minimum 45, mean 52. •■-■".. , .
Weather conditions and general' forecasts:' A
storm of some fnerey l-> central to-night on the
Oregon coast and will caus» general rain and high
southeaster y winds Thursday over the greater
portion of the Pacific slope. The pressure has
fallen during the past 24 hours, over the entire"
country west of the Kocicy Mountains. The tem
perature has fallen slightly because of the rain
along the northern coast of California, but has
risen inland and will continue to rite slowly.
. The following maximum wind velocities are re
. ported: Fort Can by, 4 6 miles per hour from the
east; Per land, ats miles from the east; Point
Reyes, 3l» miles from the southeast. !
Southeast storm signals are dlplayed alone the
coast of California north of Point Reyes and in
formation signal at Point Reyes and San Francis
co and Point Hariord. Northbound vesse.s are
warned of heavy weather and high southeasterly
winds. .
. For cast made at San Francisco for 33 hoars
ending at midnight, April 1. 1897. i . ."
• Northern California — R&iu Thursday; fresh
southeasterly wind, high along the coast. • ..
Southern California — Cloudy weather, with
sbower3 In northern portion Thursday; southerly
wind. c .
Nevada—Rain in northern portion Thursday;
clondv in southern portion. '. • , ;■ '
.. Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona —KairThursday. ' " -"'-•;.. .-■;
San Francisco and vicinity—Showers Thursday;
.hlch southeasterly changing to southerly winds..
Ai.KiiNDEK McAuik, Local Forecast Official.
M W K'KK MARKETS. \
■li?-*" '?■'*■.■" Financial. . ' . °
NEW YORK. N. V., March 31.—The recovery
In the stock market which set in yesterday on the
Introduction of the railway pooling bill in the
Senate ma :e farther progress with- early trading
to-day. The general Us: improved y 8 to % per
cent, but shrewd traders concluded that tne rise
was being taken advantage of to market long
stock!!, and accordingly they soon chanced their
tactics. American Tobacco made an exceptional
■ advance of '_' J 4 per cent to 7414 on rumors that
the regular dividend would be declared. After
the directors adjourned it was announced that a
dividend of only 2 per cent had been declared on
the common, a reduction of 1 per cent on the
quarter.y payment on February 7. and the slock
reacted 2^. The bears in the meantime con
tinued tU-ir attacks on New Jersey Central and
succeeded 1 1 dislodging considerable long stock.
In addilioc to a revival of reports about the
probable reduction of the dividend It was stated
that some of the mines In the Wyoming (fa.)
District were flooded, xn<i tha: some of the anthra
-1 ite companies would suffer material loss. Jersey
Cential liiok 6 points to 77, and this led to a raid
on Delaware ami Hudson, which yielded readily
under the pressure, breaking from 106y a to 100%.
Lackawauna foil 31/4 to 15 "' ! and Reading^ to
20%- Ihe break In the coaler* was the signal
for a general selling moveti.ent, and the railway
arid industrial shares not previously mentioned
ylelde ■ anywhere from Va to 2Vi per cent, suear,
the granges. Manhattan and Western Union
leading the downward movement, sugar was
weakened by the announcement from Albany
that the new Doscber refinery had been incor
porated under the title of the New York isugar
Kefliiin? Company. c
Thegrangeis were unfavorably Influenced by
advices from .Washington quoting . certain sen
ator!} a* authority tor the statement that no pool-
Ing- bill win be p*ssea at this session of Congress.
Although prices advanced Vk to 1 per ceut from
Ihe low-cut, in the final sacs. the tune of the mar
ket 'was weak. American spirits was noticeably
firm throughout the. day on the news that the
agreement between the American Spirits l:etiii:i:c
Company and the ontsl le distillers, which had
been uula consideration for several months, had
been arranged. Net changes -how declines of y 2
to 5 per cent. Jersey Central leading, 'lotal sales
were- 266,195 shares. • -. •
1 The Dond market was weak at the close, the
•an footing up only 99^3,000. ;. Atcbison Jell 1;
Northern Pacific fours, Vi: Heading general fours,
.*•'»: ore. on Short i-lne income sixes, series A,
• s /s'' Wabash seconds. %:' Su Louis and South
w«-.s:"rn first fours, after n-in* to U4, declined to
62.' The second fours fel> 3 Va- ■'.■-■
--■ in Government bauds 9111,000 coupons of 1907
sold at US'/a- r -:-X"-: : •■■:'■
Grain. .;,■:;
FLOUK— Steady, quiet, unchanged. Southern
flour— Quiet, unchanged. Rye; flour— Dull, un
changed. Winter wnent. low cradea. fV 30<$
2 35; do fair to fancy, t'- J . 15@4 40: do
patents, t4 60(34 90: others unchnnKed: Minoe
financial:
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO., V
4 Leiclesdorff St., Tel. Main 1934.
; - -■■ tKDTB« I. OFFICB •'.'!•-"•.' • • , •
62S Market 81,, Palace Hotel. ■ Purly & Atkinson,
• ' Managers. Tel. Main 5144. ..••
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
! . 1/1,!:; ■ Tel. Main 1091. . o .
•' PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, .Managers. -
Orders . instantly executed on : latest ' market quo
1 tatlona. Heference Ist National Bank, a. *".
CHiCAGU JrttlV AT& WlttiU SM, W YOB&
sota clear, S3 So®3 85: do straights, $4@4 25: do
patents. $3 90'a,4 »0; low extras. *2 30@» 25; city
mills. »3 60@4 80; kupertlne. $2®:»O6; tine.
$1 60<a>2 8a Kye tlour-Dull. $3 30@3 70.
COKNMEAI — Quiet, unchanged; yellow, West
ern $2 70@2 80. . -
KVK — Dull, weak: Western, 36c tit, Buf
falo.
BARLEY— Weak, dull. Feeding, 26% cc. i. f.
Buffalo.
WHEAT— Spot market dull, easier with op
tion*. Ungraded red, 70@84c; No. 1 iNorthern,
H:-ii*@B3:«'*c. ' ' ,^,,, ■
Oi.tions opened weak and declined KgllVic on
lower cables, closing steady at %@»ic under yes
terday, with traaing more active May and July
most active. No. 2 red. Mar. 77Vi)C: June. 867 /8 c;
July. 75% c September, 7t3J/4- ■ , • *,
CORN — spots quiet, firm. .No. 2, 30% c;
elevator, 31% c afloat. . '-. ".-■■':
Options were aull and firm at unchanged prices
wilh trading local. Ju!y and May most active.
May, ;o%c: July. 31% c; September. 33V4c.
OATS— Spots more active for export: firm.
Options firmer; dull. May, 22c. Spot prices— Na
2. S!2c; No. 2 white. 24% c: No. 2. Chicago, 23c;
No. 3, 21c: No 3 white, 22^ic; mixed Western.
21®23c: white do, 23®.9c V. - - -
'.•".- -...'.' '_• : Provision*.
' LARD— DuII, steady: Western steam, $4 45:
city. $4 12Vi/@*ls: May, C 4 65 nominal; refined,
Blow; continent, $4 70; a A, $4 95; compound,
40414 C . . .; ..
POKK— Steady, moJerately active. Mess, *9ig>
9 50.
BUTTER- Firmer: ■ good demand. Western
creamers. 15®:i2c; do factory, 7%@12%c; Kleins,
22c: imitation creamery. 1 l@17i:: rolls, &@l2Vi>C.
CHEKSE— Firm, fair demand, Part skims,
s(g,Bc; full skim*. 2%@3e.
Kt;«s_ Easy, liberal receipts. Western fresh,
»%@93,ic. . ■ -
TALL.iW — city, 8 c; country, 3V4@
3!>f, Vto quality. , : "
OTTON: OlL— Dull, barely steady; crude,
2<J@'2oy a c: yellow prime, JUa ■
liiCK— Fir fair demand. Domestic, 3%c:
Japan, ■; : *a 1 ■_••-. - - ',
MoLAssKS- Steady. Sew Orleans, 19@30c
CoFFKK— steady, 30' points down, \prll.
»7 7U<&7 75; May. $7 75@7 90: July. $7 86®
M: September, %1 95@8 10; October, $g@S 10;
December, $S@s 15. bpot moduli, weak; No. 7,
BV*c .
>UGAR— Active, lira. Off A, 4 6-16@4S/,c;
mold A. 4%c; standard A, 41/gc: confectioners'
A. 4%c: cue- loaf and < shed, ftV-jc; powdered,
*% c ; granulated, -is 8 cubes, 4%c.
'. •'. -." * 1 ruii and Produce. . .
> PRICOTB— Bars. B<ailc. .
J * iCHI-.i>- reeled bags, 6%@S%c: do
peeled, boxes, 10&1 5 c • ■ ' .
. PKUNKS-Four sizes. 4c. 1
. HAJSJNs— L. M., two " crowns, S»/ic: three
crowns. 4%@5c: four crowns. s^4<": do London
' layer*, tl .iU(o>i 40; clusteis. SI 4«@l 70.
.' A 1 MU.NDb-SoU shell, ■7Vi',Ssy 2 c: paper snail,
loiaivc. ' . ■ ' . - . "
WALNUT!*— Standard. soft shell. 9c.- •■••
"WOOL— Fairly active.: firm. Domestic fleece, 16
®'_'3c; pulled, 18@31c: Texas, 7@l2c. v
.-.HOPb— Moderate demand.-.- . . :- ' '■ .-" ;/-'■/
--;-.;-"■'•: '-'.'■ •'..'•" Merchandise. _'."• '" .-. ' •'
r.lGlEON— .Moderate demand. •" American, $10
»12. -.-■.. •-.■••■ ... • •'.••. v. •
/-..COPPER— DuII' Lake,. $11 70@11.75. " . -"••
• ..IEAp-DalL . Domestic. » 3 57%@3. 40. . ':' 7
• .1 IN -Easy. fctraits. *13 15|«,J3 20; plates,,
quiet. -■•--. ••'■' .- . •■-•■.•-. •. ■•-.-••.■.
• fcPELTERr^Quiet. . Domestic," $4..10@4' 25. ' •: .
-■'-: '• .••CHICAGO '.".MAK'KIBT^j" " : ]■'■{';
: ' CHICAGO, "March"' 31.— The market for wheat
this 'morning exhibited:- a. continuation of the
weakness which.* assailed- It yesterday. The de
pression was *a gif; .from Liverpool, -where Va®
''s&dloss in "prices was recorded. In- addition to
this there was' a free movementin theNorthw es',
391 cars .arriving, against .3133 last Wednesday,
end 237 ayear ago. -spring-like weather; and the
■beginning of seeding in the Northwest 'were aux
iliary influences -for weakness. Chicago received
fourteen cars "anil inspected out 30,588 bushels,
Closing-Paris cables.-.were Irregular. ■ Berlin was'
lower; and Antwerp unchanged. . Kxport c ear-,
ances" were literal at . £25.2.59 bushels. .Toward
tbe.qlpse cove Tins: by shorts " hel.pea prices. May
wheat opened from 7.lVgc •to .7 lc'.'sold between
;71i4c.'and 70i,sc, closlns at. 70%r. Vs'S^ip "under:
yesterday. • Estimated- receipts for to-morrow.
27. cars.. No. 2 red. spot, wheat ranged, from. 84 V 8 .
®87i/4C.'- '• •' ; :.: .- ' •- •;'■"-. .•• ■■■■■"■
•■■ I'OKX- There was very little business ; and not
much' strength -.to iorn.-ihii morning. Livrrpool
reported decline in prices and' tha 1 . In connec
tion -with - the weakness of wheat, was all that
was needed to impart discouragement. ' Receipts
were moderate at 10:< cars, a*.d 14,227 bushels
were taken from store. Exports were 743,429
brshels. ■ Prices tinned subsequently and at ihe
close were st<"a;iy. . May earn opened at 23*40 al
vanc.ed to 24?'g@25.c, closing at 24 c. a hail.
over yesterday. Kstimaied receipts' lor to-mor
row 11 3 cars. ' ".-•'■•-" '••■•.' '..- .- '
CAT>^-A slight -fractional-decline took place in
oats through svmpalliy with wheat and corn.
Business lacked energy "and little interest ap
peared.- Receipts were 112 cars. There were 110
withdrawals ;rom -store..- Export ' clearance « '
amounted to 11^24 bushels. When wheat rallied
oau showed more lirmnesi. May oats, closed un
changed from yesterday. ■ Estimated receipts for
to-morrow 121 cars. . . .. . •••
• FLAX— Was easy. * Cash >"o. 1, 75c nominal;
Northwestern, 78c; May, 74Va@77c; July. 76^0
nominal; September, 77% c. receipts were '27
cars.
I'IIOVISIOXS— A trifling Improvement in yes
terday's best pilces took place in the hoe market.
Product participated' in the better feeling and.,
gamed a lit tie in value. , May pork clojt-d 2V c
higher, Ma/ lard ' '.' ' jc higher and May ribs
shade higher. • — ;- '.:' '
■■• BUTTER— Th« bntter market-. was active. and
firm, to-dar. . The demand was brisk from all
sources and everything was taken. "•
Creameries — 1-xtraa, *llc; 'firsts.' 19iQ20c; sec
onds, imitations, fancy, .1«5@17c. Dairies
—Extras. ]8r: liibts. lb@l6c: seconas. 11012 c.
Ladle*— Extras. 1.-fcsl-lc: firsts. iltttl'-c; packing
itock. lO@llc: ron batter, choice. l'Jc. * . '
• BUGS — There was- a good demand and prices
were steady. Fresh stock, B^i@Si^c p*r dozen. ,
"MONEY — Was' 43,i;< ,ou call and 6% on
time loans. '....•.
, - .- Closing Price*. •'•.••■•.
t»- iir. AT - March, 70i' 8 c; May. 70Vi; July,
69%@70a ••" • . ..".-••
: COKS — March. 24«/«c: Mar. S4?/ 8 c: Jolr, 28c ■
- OATb— Mar, • 17Vic; July, -bVB@ /4 c i ? P*
tember. lK6'^c ■ "•-.-•
POKK— May. $8 57 Va: July, $8 67^i. ' "
- . LARD— May, S4 22%: Jur. 84 32^5.
• hits— May. *4 65; July, ?4 67Vk- . . ' .
.- Llv.'»tock. '•
UNIOK STOCKYARDS. 111., March SI— So
far this week about 32,450 bead of cattle have
been received, against 32,1 67 for the same portion,
or last week and 20,410 a year a?o. To-day's
market was strong to 10 cents higher, for choice
beeves and others steady. ' o .' . :
' Supplies of hogs are increasing, about 70,850
having arrived here during the first half of this
weak, aga nstS2,SOS last week, and.73.5.32 a year
ago. '1 rade becan actively to-day 'at stronger to
2 ',2 r higher prices. Later the market weakened
and the ad mice was lost. "
Therecelpts of sheep for the first half of the
weeK amoun 10 47,200, against 41,700 for the
same period of last week' and. 48 991 a year ago.
The demand continues active and prices remained
strong to-day, with estimated ieceip<sof 12,000
bead.
. CATTLE— Receipts. 11.000. F»ncr beeves, 95 40
4£5 50; choice to prime steers, 95 05585 35; gr.od to
cnoice steeri. 94 -0 00; medium steers. 94 3U@
4 50: fair beef steers 94 05® 1 ib; common beef
steers.'' s3 701^4 '•'> good to crime atockerj mud
feeders. 94 VlJ(g}s 50: common to good Btockers
and feeders. $^4U($4 15; bulls, choice to extra,
93 5003 75: do pi or 10 choice. $2 25®3 40; cows
and heilera. choice to prime. $3 HU:cst 26; cows, fair
to choice. «3 66®3 75; do. common to fair earners,
SI 7&52 80; calves, cood to fancy, 95 5006 00;
do common to goon, t < OO®' 1 25: 'lexas red steers,
fair to choice, $3 70@4 6U: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen, $2 tO®3 75: - milkers ana surlugen, per
head, $2&@4&. r^
liUGS — Receipts, 24 00". Heavy packine and
shipping lots. S3 rfjjtl 12V2: common to choice
mixed. $3 95^,4 21): ccoico escorted, 94 07Va(d
4 121.-2- I'd' -. $3 tO@4 15; pigs. S3®4 16. :
kHj.KP— Receipts. 12.000. Infenor to choice,
S3 25(5>5 25: lambs. IS .0(3,5 40. •
Receipts at Omaha- t °
BOPTH OMAHA. Nkbb.. March 31 — HOOB-
Recelpts. 3600. Market So blsher. Light and
mixed. $S 90@3 93: heavy, $3 B&@3 95.
CATTLi;— Keceip-s. 'M \ Market strong to )0c
h!«rhT. steers, 98 75@4 85; cows. SI 7t>@l 00
--feeders, $3 40@4 60.
SHKf.r- Receipts 2470. Market active, strong.
Muttons. $4 2ft; lambs, $4 9U@4 95.
KETV YORK- STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at }V*@l»/*X; last loan at
I'L/iX and closing all y 2 X. Prime mercantile paper.
3Vt%- jßr silver, B)*4«i Mexican dollars,' 4U@
49V«c. Sterling eicbtu^e active, wltb actual busi
ness - In bankers' bills at S4 85%@4 86 for 60
day« and *4 87@4 S7V* for demand. Posted
rates (4 84 Viffi4 bHVit- Commercial bills, $4 84 M,
@4 851/4. Government bonds firm; Mate bonds
dull; railroad bonds easier. Silver lower
<l( UNO STOCKS.
Am Tn * Cable... 87 j or: li American... 4
Atch150n. ....... ." 10S/» j Northern Paclflo . 11V«
PreJerrefl ....... 19 , Preferred '.. 34Va
Adams Express. ..l4B .Northwestern 103*^
Alton, Terre mite •58 Preferred ...;.... 164
American Kxpressl 11 X V Central. .98 .
American Tobacco ' 73 VV, Cblcajo&btL 11
Preferred . . . ." . 104 ■ Ist preferred 72
Bay Btate Ga5..... 9"4 id preferred. 27
Baltimore A Ohio.. 13Va;S Y& N H. ,"..16»
Brunswick Land*. Vi N V & New Ene... 37
Buffalo, Koch iP. lU»4 V, Bnsq & W.... 7Vi
CanadaPaclflc 47 ! Preferred.. ._..„ 22Vi
Canada Boutnern.. Ontario. . ' BV2
Canton I.ai.d ... _ 60% Ontario A Western 13V*
Central Pacific... BV4,Oresonlniprovmni •
Cbes <t Ohio 161/ i Prefe-rcd ._—
Chicago A1t0n.:... 164 Oregon Navigation 10 -
Preferred. ........174 -Oregon Chorl Lino. ' 10*/4
Chicago, B A Q.... p»ciflo Ma 11.... . 2S»/.
ChlcasoA E 111.... 60 I'eona. JJ A Kvam V*
Preferred...^;... . 9S Plttabur« * W utO. Ilk
Chicago Gas.. 78 1/2 Puilnian Palace.... 157
Cleve<& Plttsbore. 163 |Qnicksliver IV*
Consolidation Coal. ■3j ri Preferred — . 20
Consolidated Gas.. 1 55 1,, Reading ' * |(ii /;
CC C Bt U>nu...r 7Hi /4 i HloGrandeA Wests 13
Preferred 77 j preferred;... .'.... 30
Colo Fuel & lrca.. , 18 . Rock Island-... :.■■ 61%
„ Preferred .... 90 KomeWat<RO?den.ll7Va
Cotton O:l Cert 10% :BtL &8 W ......;• «V 4
Commercial Cable. 1 Preferred.. ...... -6
Dei Hud50n. ...... .101% BtPaul... ......... 7a*/.
Del LackAWestrn.l6-' J Preferred......... 13134
Denver <fc X a.. ... . WViißt Paul & Dnlntn.. 18
Preferred »fW Preferred 90
11»UUer5...... .....—— ti Paul &. Oman*. &7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1897.
General Electric... SlVil Preferred;.. ...... 139 ■':
Erie • ]::; 4 si 1' .M A M ....... 115
Preferred.... V 9 ISllver Certificate*. 61»£.
Fort Wayne... 162 boutbern Pacific... "14V%
Great Northern sfdl 1 9 Koutheru Kb. ...... 7i/ 8
i.refii iay .-.. 1 Preferred 26%
Harlem..... 303 Sugar Refinery.. ,.lofl3/ g
Hocking coal- 8% Preferred lIMJS^ 4
Hocking Valley... 3%iTenn Coal 4 1r0n.. 2-)», 4
Homestake 26 . Preferred ..> 80
H * Texas Central-— Texas Pacific h 1 *
Illinois Central 82 ITol AA 4 N Mich.—
lowa Central. - 6 I 'i ol Ohio A Central 16
Preferred 20 I Preforred 60
Kansas & Texas... 1 ! ' 4101 m Lonls <£ K(J 6%
Preferred.:....... 268/4 Preferred '18%
Kingston <& Perm.. 3 Union Pacific. .... '■ '4.
Lake Erie 4 Westa I:<% Ul* Den A Ualf.... IS/4
Preferred... 68 U^Cordago. — .
lake Shore IBS ; . i Preferred ——■■:
National Lead 33 ' tiueranteed — .
Preferred 90% U S Express 88
Lonclsland 43 |U B Leather.... ._ 6%
Louisville & Nastt. 465/g! Preferred .. 66
Louisville, Aioay , i /4 U 8 Rubber ISVi
Preferred lv Preferred. 62V4
Manhattan C0n.... 83% Uiica 4. B River.. .l6o
Memphis 4 CbarU 15 Wab 8L it Pacific ft
Mexican Centra:... 8 Preferred 12%
Michigan Central.. 93 WelU-Faraa 100
Minn 4 8 1, — . ■ Western Union.... J>2V*
Preferred Wisconsin Central. 1%
Hlnn<fc L com.. 17 Wheeling & LX... 1 -
Ist preferred..... 76 Preferred 8%
kd creferred 45% Am Cotton Oil pM. 86V*
Missouri Paclfto... ISi^lW U Beef 6
Mobile* uhio 18 Ann Arb0r......... »
Nashville A Chart. 67%| Preferred ....... 24
National Linseed.. 12 Brooklyn Traction. 20
N J Centra 1........ 77»4!Erie 2d pfd. 17
Noriolk 4 Weo:rn. 12 American Spirits.. IS
J-xvmrxett 25%! Preferred......... 28%
ClO*!!** lOSUi
Ala Class A «<-.... IOSVji Northern Pac lsts.llßiA
Do C!ass 84. &5.104V5 Do 2d* B6Vi
Alabama, class O.. 97 I Bds. 87« a
Atchison 4s 62%! i'oconsoYsi"."".""
Do2dsA 44V»Orlmpro»mnt lib, 87
Canada Sooth 84 a. 106 1 Do 6s 20
ten Pac Ist* of9B . c ll* N'i«ta!"""^ll2S / 4
Cherokee 4a. 1896. — j Do consM
UoW97 100 i/ Or Short Line 3
I^JB9» WOVs Doconsolss . . 74
Do 1899.. 8 raclnc6sor 87 ..
fi h i\fi. O £ lO i, - 1 --- 110 **»>«» A Reading SOi^
n«*^ K^ ««w6« 4)Vi! Dolstpfdlncom. 41
» C 8- 665. 1091 4 R Grande West law 72
DenAKUlst 112 "6t L&lronMtOenS 74%
, Do «* «» BtL«fcaFGen6s..lO3»4
r jf.2ds -Ar-i— 63 % Si Paul Consols.... lS'^Vi
* t \V ADenClty Ist* 66ia St PC& Pa lsta 118 il
v n n^A A *•- - }°t £° t'"o"n. VvS;::ioS Vl
c Do2d7s. 101 fcomoernK Km... Bsi,i
feen ElecDebßs... 96 Do Pac Cal Ist*.. 107
a ilex Cent 65... 109y 2 Term new 3». 105
I>ocon6s. 101 vz |Te*aaP«cl.t*:.... «BVi
Jpwa Central lsts.. » i 14 Texas Pac 2d 3 . 10»ik
Kanaas Pa Consols 72 Union j»ac I>u 9a'. lo"i/»
i. aPa 1 ,t, Den Di vll « li» is reg of 1 82 S. 123^!
LaConspl4* »6i/ 8 Do 4«. coupon.... 123.£
Missouri Juudlnc... I D K4sreg orl907:ill *
ti a 67 i I)o< * coupon.. ..113V*
., Vo *» 82% Do2s visit
Mobile 4 Ohio ii.. 6«Vi' Dotl Vei 114 1
Mntnal Union 61..110 Doss. coopon 111*
N vV?i l aVf nß '--- IJO Va funding deot... 63%
n« i«, BtLouls4Biu registered. ™
Nor.fcWestUen6sl2O Do deferred ««... 5
* <-»rpllna cou *»■!"•' . Do trust rcpt atp4 5 .
»r?j!-V'-r 122 WabasnlstfcY.rTlOft
NortliwestConsois. 142 .. W'ew ouoro m..,.,1J7ia
.'-••:-'... , FOREIGN markets; . '
" ."••" : '" -: • WHEAT IN LIVKRPOOL. : ' •- • . -.' •"' '.
- LIVERPOOL, " Kxo.;',-Marcti -The spot mar
"•ifn'l*,lo^"'" 6s " Jd as 31 /kd. -Cargoes dull at
.oOs'Sd sellers, arrived. ■ .-■• •. ■. ;•• *. .. •. . ..I
".-.... •' ••■ • ruTUBEs.', °: : -° ... .'•■•■• ".. • ■
' The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
SsllS4d;.July, 5 S lis^d; September, 5s 9*4 d. .
• .'" -'• ' ••-•'" •SECURITIES. ' "... '■ '"
LONDON, En'o., March 31. -Consols, HIT-
silver, 28 6-16 d; >rench Rentes, 102f 20c. ■ ...
EXCHANGE AND BULLION..
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5........' — *4 83%
■ Sterling Exchange, sight ; — •'• - 4 BKi£
Stirling Cab1e5....;..^.; f.St _ •'•' 488
New York F.icbauge, Bight. .•...-./ — . .• 20
New Yoric Exchanse, telegraphic. —' • 22%
hine silver, per ounce. -.,:... ■..-..-• _■ . 61 11- i 6
Mexican Dollars. ■.'..'... ;.. v.;.- i." 49%- ■60 '
PRODUCE MARKET. :
WHEAT AND OTHER' GRAINS. .-.
."WHEAT-Future.s Btiowed 'a. lower range of
values. ■• Spot prices were' unchanged. Quoted 'at
$1 26@1 32V 2 for. common grades, ? 1 35 t> ctl for
S7 e fsffi ; s?- i fl Sfi^-'.^.ctl. for choice and
$1 40@l jP ctl for extra choice milling. '.• •
'''•■ • CALL BOARD Mils ' ;,- '\. :. ■'■:
Inkokval skssjon— 9:15 December— '
lO.oco c,s $1 )OV*: 2.0(10. 10; 26000
--$1 101/8- May*- '2OOO. $1 253/«: '-too, $1 26Vi
-10,00U..5l 2000, *1 246/ 8 12 000. »1 V4S^
- 10 ' i ,* 1 247 /» : 524,001). .6 Vi: 8000,*125»i;
6000. $1 25^3 . « >'.*..
Second Skssion— Deremfcer— 2ooo<-tls,*l 10i/ a :
2000. 51 101/t: 6000, $1 10V»: 10.100, $1 10&1
May-2000. *1 261/8: 4l>oo. * . .'6. ?.--
Heodub Morino Session — December —
48,00 Ct s. $1 liy 8 ; 12,000. $1 111,*; bOOO, *1 11.
Aftkrnoon session — December — 4000 ctl«,
*1 lb%: 4 00 *1 11. M*7-6000. $1 26V,: 14.000,"
fl 26V4; 14.00U, $1 2bS/». rTVT^V*
BARI>EV-Feed is very weak at 62%@70c;
Brewing, 77%@87^,c. . . . •: w - '
: » , I'AI.L BOARD SALES. •" . • .
. Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Skcond -KSBION— No sales..
.Regular Morning Session— No sales."' '"
.• A KTKRNOON HkWtOJf— Ko sale.*.
oats — Milling are quotable at $1 15@1 20
■£ ctl; Fancw Feed. *1 25@t 30 ?» cm: common
White, Sl@l 10; rood to . holce. tl l'.uai 2*W:
Black for feed. 96c@fl 05; Gray, 91 ioi*l 1 7i..,-
SurDrlse, »1 35@1 40 fl ctl. Clipped Oats sell $ Ugt
2 per ton over me raw product.
• CORN— Continues very quiet. large Yellow 80
<&*>- l /jC per ctl; fcmall.Kounddo, 97V4®$1 ; White
fcO@Boc%*ctl. . .• •'-.•
RYE-77%@82%c?» ctl. •'
• BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at «1 15©1 25 ft ctU
. .FLOUR AND : MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
f4~5@455: Bakers' extras, $ 4 50@4 65; Super
fine. $ 4@4 35 ft bbl.
• CORNMKAL,. ETCi— Feed Corn, 917 6U@lB;
Cracked Corn, .$ 18&19 fl ton.
, MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,'
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, 82 85
100 It.s: Kye Floor, $2 50 ft 100; Rice Flour,
15 75; Corn meal, $2®2 25: extra cream do, 52 75,
Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Groats. (4; Hominy, $3 Jo@
3 3); Buckwheat Flour. $3 25® * 50; Cracked
Wheat, .S3 60; Farina, 94: Whole Wheat- Flour
SS; Rolled Out? (bbl»). $4 75(35 16: Pearl Barley,
S3 758-1; Split Peas, $3 50. Green do, 94 .5 ft 100
lbs. o • j ;_•■ ';;•'*-■■•'" : "
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFB. • '
BRAN— 812 50@1 3 for the best and $11 60@13
Tfr ton for out ide brands. • _-
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I7 50 for lower grades and
$18@18 50 ft ton fur toe best.
FEEDSTUFF*— Rolled Barley, 916; : Oilcake
Meal at the mill, 926 00 V ton: jobbing, 927 50. .
■ HAY— Wheat, $8{(Sl I 60; Wheat and Oat, $7®
JP; Oat, *fia.s 50: Barley, $6 50@8; Alfalfa. 96
@7 50; compressed, *6(j£9 50; stock, 95($ti; Clo
ver, $6sß v ton. ■ ■■ . • .
STRAW— 2Sa6Oc V bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANB- Bayos quoted at 91 75@1 90; Small
Whites, $l@l 20 per ctl: Large Wnltes, $I@l 20
9 ell: Pinks. Sl<a.l '20 it ctl; Ked», $1 15@1 30:
Blackeye, 91 60@l 55; Bed Kidney. 92 25: Ll
mas. $1 60@l 70; Butters, $1 25@1 50: Pea, $J@
sEEDS-Browu Mustard. $2 50ia2 7«; Yellow
Mustard. $1 50@l 60 %4 ctl; Flax. Sl 60: Canary
»e«d, i%@-i/4C tb: Alfalfa, 6i/ 4 c; Rape, 2y,@
-■'*•; Hemp, or; Timothy. ♦' 2 r. .
DRIEI. PKas— Mies, $l@i. 20 9 ctl; Green,
91 26@1 60 ft ctl. 7
POTATOES. ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Onions are jobbing on the streets at the quota
tions. Potatoes and Vegetables show no particu
lar change.' ;,"
POTATOES— New Potatoes. lV»@3cfi tt>: Sweet
Potatoes, $i@l 75 %> ctl: Early Hose, 6u@7sc
9 ctl; River Hcds, 70(jj80c: Burbank Seedlings,
50@70c $ ctl for Rivers, 90c«91 10 for Salinas
ana 60@80c for Pesaiumas; Oregon Burbanks, 65p
@$1 05. . ' f y
ONlONS— Oregon*, $2 75 and California, 92 25
©V! 60 V- ctl. ■
VKUKTABLKS-Receipts were 2 PS boxes As
paracus. 885 boxes Rhubarb ard 208 sks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbeis quotable nt 75c($$l 50 V
dozen; AspaiaKUs, <©«>«• * 1b for common, 7
@t<c * lb for choice and 9fioloc V lb for fancy:
Khubarb, 75cr^91 50 * bx: Marrowfat Squash. 97
@8 f* ion; Las Angeles Tomaties, fl 25 V box:
Mexican Tomatoes. 91 *iS@l 50 » box: Dried
Peppers, 6®«cV Ib: Green Peprers. 25c; Green
Peas, 3@4c; Los Angeles >trlni; Beans 10(«3 2V»c;
Uriel ukra. B@9c '»» lb; Cabbage. 40(*50o » ctl:
Carrots, 25@30c ¥ sack: Garlic, l\ 2 <&-<' 9 m.
13UTT4.K, " CHEESE AND • EGGS. '
BUTTER— Tbe market continues depressed. .
• - Cbkamkby— Fancy creameries, iay @14c; sec
ouds, 12013 c V lb. -
Dairy— Choice to fancy, ll©l2y a c * &>; lower
grades, B@loc.
Picklkd— l3i£@l4c IS tt> for new.
Firkin— 13014 c%( Jb for new. . -
C.HKAMKRY Tub— New. 14*4 15 c Ib.
, OfIJEKMB— mild new, tiVi'a7c: common
to good, (<Z6c: Cream Cheddar, 10{g)llc; Youn<
America, 7<&Bc; Western, lie: Eastern, 13@16c.
KUOK— Kanch Kg ? s, ll\4»12o; store Kkks. 10%
©lie * dozen: Duck Eggs, 14(*15c "# dozen.
'POULTRY AND GAME.
. POULTKY-a , car or Eastern sold at 15c for
Turkeys. $6 BO for Ducks, f i 50 for H*ns, f7 for
young Boosters. Si 50 for old Roosters and (6 for
Fryers. Anoiher car will bo put on to-day. .
Local stock continues . firm, with an advance In
Turkeys mid RooMers. . ". ■
Live Turkeys. 15@16c fk Ok tor Gobblers. 14@l€c
* Ib for Hi-un: I r.ssea Turkey", 1 owl he c< ft,;
(i'fite 9 pair, »1 tO@V!: <;oslin«?!j, $2 6C®3: Docks,
*6@6 60 for old and ♦ 7@B 60 tor voiu.g; Hens,
*4y,. r > V dozen;; Boosters, young. $6@7: do, old,
$4: t ryers, $5 60Ct6: . llrollers, *C@s 60 *
dos for large and <3@4 for small; Pigeons, 926}
'£ 60 %♦ do* :<;r young and f1 60 for old. - ■ ■ •
GAMK-Hare. 75c^l; Kabul: s, *1 25 lor Cot
, tont»:la,aad «1 lot atuu.i. ", ..'
DECIDUOUS "'AND CITJtUS FRUITS..
"DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. »1 75 •$ box. for choice. $ 2@2 25 for
lancy and $1 25@1 50 for common. . •
CITRUS FRCITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable
[ at- $2 25@3 25 ft box; Shilling-. 75c©$l -'5 ¥
box; Mediterranean Sweets. 81@l&0 & box;
Lemons. 75c@$l 50 tor common and $1 75@2 oO
for pood to c;.olc»: Mexican Limes, $4 %* box;
California Limes, 75c: Bananas, $I@2 «* bunch;
Pineapples, »23* dor
| DRIKI> FKUITS. I<AI»INS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED Quotations are as follows:
| Peaches. 4® 5 Vie $ n>; fancy, 6o V Ib: peeled,
lO&l'JJ^c; Aprico.s," 6@Bc; Moorparks, 10@12c;
evaporated Appes, 6©sJ^c; sun-dried, £@2V4c;
Prunes, 2Vi@'^ic for the 4 sizes: white Figs, 3c;
Hums 4fa!4V»c lor titled and l@lJ/ e for uriplt
ted: Nectarines. 3y»@s Vfec ft Ib for piime to fancy:
Pears, 2Va@>4c for wuole, 2* 2 @se for quarters ana
3© 4 c for halves.
• RAISINS—
■• Four-crown, loose, 5%c; 3-crowni, 414-; 2-crown.
33/gc lti; seed ess sultanas, r.(a M, 3 i-: seedless
| Muscatels. 4Vic; S-crown London layers. tl@l «6:
| clusters, SI 50; Dehrsa clusters. »2 50; Imperial
clusters, $2 50: dried grape* out.
-NUTS-Cli'-i nuts quotable aL 8^10c; Walnu'B.
I 6V a (*7c & lb for standard ami 909U.C « Ib for
softshell: Almonds, 6@6i*c for Lauguedoc, a®
3y a c for hardshell *nd B@9c ♦» ft for papershWl;
Peanuts, -Hi: ti ■■ j. It, 0 , Kastern find 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, r><»6c f» 1b; Pecan*. 7%®
He %» Ib: Filberts, 7%@Bc; Brazil Nuts,' 7iy«.®Bc:
Cocoanuts $5@5 50 V- 100.
HONKY- Comb. 10@12% lor bright and s®9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s@si.oCi
liitht amber extracted. 4V.@43,ic; darK amour,
4<a4V*!C; datk, 2®3c ft H> "
BEESWAX— 22@25c ft tb. r ; ?••■
PROVISIONS.
CURED ME ATS— Bacon, 7c * Ib forheavr, 7V c
» Ib for light medium, 10c for ll?ht. ltiijf ft Ib
for extra lit lit and 12c * Ib for suear cuied. - East
ern ■ sugar-cured Hams. 12V»c ft Ib: California
Hams, lie ft Ib; Mess Beef. $9 V bbl; extra
mess do, $9 50: family do, $1< @10 50; extra
prime Pork, $8 50; extra clear. $14 ft bbl; mess,
$12 %« bbl; Smo<ed Beef, 10c V Ib.
L * RD— Eastern tlerc»s are quoted at Stye for
compound and 6JA@7c lor pure; palls 7%c;
California tierces, 4^c for compound and 6o for
pure: balf-bbls, 7c; 10-lb tins, 7y 3 c; <1o 5-lb 7%c-
COTTOLENE— 6c In tierces aud 734@8Vfee in
10-B.tins. . . __ .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers. 8c ft Ib:
medium. 7c ft Ib; light. 7c f< Ib; Cowhides, 7c:
Stags, sc: salted Kip, 7c ft tb; suited Calf, 8c:
salted Veal 7c; dry Hides. lzViStlSt; culls an!
brands. 9 Vi@loc ft lb: dry Kip aud Veal, 9@loc;
dry Calf. sc: culls. 10c; Goatskins, 20<835c each;
Kios, 6c; Deerskins. Rood summer. 25c 1* Ib;
medium, 20c: winter, 10c; :-heepsklns, shear
lings, lOCd'-Oe each: short wool. 2^Bsc each;
medium. 30<i3>45c each; lung wool , 4 01a; 60c each.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered. 3@3Vic %i Ib; No. 2,
2i*c; refined, sc: Grease, 2c ft Ib.
WOOir- Spring cup: San Joaquin, year's clip, 7@
9c; do, seven months, B*s l(Jc V Ib. We quote Fail
ban Joaquin. -ifo^c; l-.ujtern > regon. 7®loc ft Ib.
HOPS— 6©Be for fair to choice and 9010 c * lb
for fancy. ■ .
- GKNKRAL. MERCHANDISE.
■ BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass, spot, 5S4c; June-
July delivery, 5»4c; ban Quentin, ?5 40: Wool
"Bags. ':4<<l27c. : t : ■■•'v •.'•■■., f,
COAL— A circular for Australia says: "Since the
beslnninc of February to date,, there have been
only live arrivals of Coal from Newcastle with
14,9141 tons; thit Is <an exceptionally small
amount. A few years ago this would have caused
a marked advance in 1 rices locally, whereas at
present no change is apparent, demonstrating thai
other sources of supply are ample for all our fuel
wants. Within the naxt 60 days only seven car
goes of Newcastle can possibly arrive here, with
about 18.0JU tons of Coal, hence this market will
1 be very bare of Australian' grades lir.o June next,
but the already engaged tonnage will keep us cop
, iously supplied about August - and September and
I fur several subsequent mouths. Ihe latest cabled
freight rates from (be Colonies are reported strong
lor early loading, but lower, for any loading after
July-August. This Is confirmed. Dy liberal offer
ings of second-grade steam. Coals delivered here
later In the year at reduced fissures. There has
been a freight decline of tuily 2s V ton this month'
from Swansea. All importers of foreign Coal are
very anxious as to the rates of Coal duly which
will be established by the present Congress; of
course the importers avoid all risks of an advance
of tariff as every Coal contract for future delivery
specifies that the consumers shall be liable for any
and every change." '.
Wellington Is quotable at 98: New Wellington,
$8 per ton: Southtleid Wellington, $7.60 %>• ton;
I heattle. $5 SU: Bryant, $5 SU; Coos Bay, $4 75
I V ton: Wall send, ?t> 50 V- ton; Cumberland,
1 #13 60 ft ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Pennsyl
! vania, Anthracite Egg, $11012 %i ton; Welsh An-
I thracite, *8(a,!0; Catine , (8 ft 1011; 1 ock Springs,,
I Castle Uate mi 1 Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
«ll<ai2 in balk and $13 ft ton In ska.
COFFEE— Mck lord's circular says: "The de
pression into which this article has lallen every
where has been keenly felt here dnrintc the cast
ten aavs, and values for all classes of Coffees have
suffered from 1 V*c to s^c ft m. The decline has
been sharpest la good .unwashtd|S«lvador, can«ed
by. the free -ring of parcels for nmr.y arrived at
"constantly lower prices, 'without resulting, how
ever, In much business. Local stocks of this de
ecr p'.lon have a no time been larceand latterly
practically nil. It has been, of coarse, very diffi
cult to effect sales under existing circumstances,
buyers naturally preferring to look on until the
market hud adjusted Itself to a safer basis. Over
land markets have been In much the same Condi
tion as our own and no business of consequence
has been made In that quarter. To-day's sock
consists of 4661 Costa Rica. 4«1 Nicaragua, 1296
Salvador, 8240 Guatemala »nd 1908 Mexican— in
all 16.566 begs, against 19,091 same time last
year." We quote: ■ "-'.-'
Costa Rica— lßV 2 @l9VijC ft lb for good to prime
washed: 17V4@18c lor good: .18%@17»/4C for good
mixed with black beans: 15 1 '"'' 'or fair; lOtg)
] Hi ._.c nominal for common to ordinary.
• Salvador— l7@lßc for c oil to prime washed;
15V«ialt;:; + .- r & tor fair washed; )B^l9c '$ Ib tor
good to prime washed peaberrv; l4>^@l4»4c for
superior unwashed; l~i\'2(&i'j*ic' for good un
waahed;l7@l7Vi}C for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
GI'ATKMAT.A AND MEX I CAN— 19<E&2'V Ib for
prime to strictly prime waaned; 17 3 ,i@lSi,v|C for
good to strictly good washed; 16(^17 '*<■ for fair
washed 13@15c 1* Ib for medium; Kl© 12 Vic for
ordinary: t»(a.9^4'- for inferior to common; 19@
20c for good to prime washed 1 eaberry : 17@17 \ 2 c
tor cool to crime unwashed pen berry.
SUGAR— The Western sugar Kelinlne - Com-"
pany quotes, terms net cash: lube and Crushed,
. Vie: Powdered, 5 s/ 8 c: Fine Crushed, ei/sc:- Dry
Grunulated. sc; l oufectionen' A, sc: Aiacnolla
A, 4%c; Extra C, 4^c: Golden C, 8 c: Candy
.Granulated, 51 8 ; ha.i barre.s Vie more than bar
rels and boxes ■'/a 0 more, • . • . .: .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT . MARKET.
■° Wholesale rates fjr dressed stock, from slaugh
terers are aAoKows: c
■ BKtCF— First quality, 6c; second do, 6a5VaC;
third do, 4@4V<BC %l Ib. ;"• „
VEAL— Large. S(OSc: small, 6®7c ft In. . :'; ','
MUTTON — Wethers, 'doc; Kwes, 5c ft Ib.
LAMB— Spring, rii-, a,', i.. Aca c ft IT. • .
PORK — Live Ho,«, 4V*iai4S/«C ft Ib for larce
and 4Va&4<yHC for small and medium; dressed
do, .Vj,.ri o. %» lb. '-.
li£CJfilPTs OF FUOOUCIS.
Ton. -'4 hours.
rioor, <jr «k«. ... 10.441 1 bmiar, ctls. (MM Q2'2
Wheat, ct15..:... s:>6 Cht-eie, 0u.. , 2-9
Earley. e115...... 2.170 1 Kixs. dot ... 16,620
Eeans. ski...._ . 1,315 Uluei. n0.... .„ 1,156
Rye, ctls :.. 20 Pelts, bdls „ 1.640
torn. ell* ' 125 Wine, pus...^^ a 43.91)0
Egyptian, ctts. 215 Wool, us «. ' 855
Potatoes, •£*.._ 1,435 I mui-i-. -on « 40
Onions. sm..__ 48 Flaxseed, sks.... 4.5
Hay. tons.... _ , 67:> 1 allow, mi. .... 160
Straw, tons. 10 Urn«. t>bl». .. — 414
Iran, bks 200 Quicksilver, flats 116
Middlings, set. .1,200 .
THE BTOOK MABSET.
It is the same eld story In mining stocks. There
Is nothing from th» mines to create any activity.
• To-day interest will be due and payable on the
following bonds: United States fours, old issue:
California Electric-light sixes, quarterly; Geary
street Kail way fives, semi-annual: Northern Rail
way of California fives, semi-annual: Omnibus
Cable Hallway sizes, semi-annual ; Southern Paci
fic Railway of California sixes, semi-annual;
:-outbern Pacific Branch Railway of California
sixes, semi-annual. ' * •
The joint Confidence, Challenge Consolidated
and consul Mat d Imperial west crosscut 1 from
the surface tunnel Is out 1048 feet, 17 feet having
been made during the past week. The face snows
porphyry. • ... .- .
There was extracted from the Confidence mine
during the past week and stored in the orehouse
on the surface 7 mining-car loads of ore, the aver
age lop car samples of which shows au assay value
of 817 46 per too. • . ■
. 'i he- yleid of »ie Overman mine' for the week
ending March 27 amounted to & tons of ore, the
average car sample assay of which was 917 03 per
ton. "
.On the 1100 level or the Caledonia mine, at a
point 118 leet past east crosscut 1, tnev have
started west ciO scu. 2 ana ex ended trie tame 11
feet : lormatlon porphyry, clay and • seams of
quartz. . . .
Local incorporations disbursed dividends during
the past month as annexed: '
Name. . ■ Per Share. Amount.
Anglo < alifornla Bank.. .$3 OJ •*•».•), (KM)
Bank Of British N. A ... 2 01 100,000
London. P. and Am. Bank ... 4 00 . . 000
Gas Consumers' Association.. 15 ■' 2,025
Oakland (ins Co 25 7,500
Pacific Gas Imp. Co 60' . 15,000
Pacific Lighting C 0.*.....:.... 35 7,000
S. F. Gas and Kit eric. ....... 100 127.600
San Jose Water 50 4,241
Spring Valley Water........... 60 64,000
California-street Cable .50 .5,01/0
Alaska Packers' Association.; 75 - 56.00U
Hutchlnson Plantation 25 12,600
Katoma Vineyard C 0.....;... 05 3.000
Pacific Telephone. :...... 40 13. .00
Sunset Te1eph0ne..... ;...."... 25 • 7,600
Jhtiern liynuui'.lH 100 20.100
-<Ktna QulcKsllver.. 10 10,000
Homesiake Mining C 0......... 2r. 31.260
Morning Mar Mining C 0...... 500 4 11.000
Ontario Mining C 0...; 10 15.000
Pennsylvania Mining Co. 05 5,000
, Total... »: $612,7)6
A summary of the dividends for the past month
compares as follows: - - ■ 80 ***
" 1896. 1897.
Banns .........' $292,600 i S2VS.OOO
Gas companies *.. • 76,833 159,025
Water companies ...:. ' -4,241 68.241
"treft railways , 5,000 S.DCO
Sugar c0mpanie5....;...... . 7,500 12,500
Ponder companies. ........ ...-. ; ° » 20.000
Fish companies. . ' 35,532 * 36.000
Telephone companies, 16,300 20.700
Mining companies 95.650 63.250
Miscellaneous companies... 2.500 3.000
Total* $535.0.6 7612,716
. j "BOAKIJ SALES.
rni3w:.-,c were the t*ie» in the Ban Fran d too
Mcrk Board yesterday: ;
BVSULAJt MORNINR SKSSIOX. rnWKtvrm »:SO.
100 Beloher...lS 103 HdtA BSIIOO 8JJT......22
500 Con 1m....0 1100 Mile 23 100 Union C.2tj
100 CrwnPt..i: lOOOccld 1&J300 X jmu..26
300 O*C 27 100 c. NT......23 1 -
A^TKRNOOJI BKSSIOX— '! r^O. ".«= * V
3 00 Andes 1 Hi s oo C Imp OZ3OU Mexcn....22
Chollar. lit) 200 O &C ....27 100 Savage. .'.26
100 Chalice. .. 3t> 300 H4N......58 :0J XJBHXM..26
100 CCV...« 1.16 .
■ Following wers the mum in me Pacific Stock
Eoard yesterday:
BIBCLAR PWMIIOfr— lOrSfJt ' ; '. V." •■
200 Alpha 06]300 Choir 1.07 Vi, H SO ODhlr . .37
200 04160 Conll 200 0vrmn....08
100 Alt*. 02iV0 I C Imn .._oa 300 P0t0a1.....32
100 01 700 C NT.. -.01 -26 1 f«va:e....25
200 Andes 17 _C» • v Point.... 16 500 Scorpion. .03
■iJ.j Eelcber.. 1 :jO Exch(jr...oh 100 b8AU....04
350 BAB U2 350 O<tC. .«26 JOU S Nev._.^^a
40U 8u11i0n.... 1 200 H«tX 88 1000 8 Hi11.. ..01
200 Caleda....ll 1500 LWasn..Ol!loO Btanrd_l.«>o
1400 Chalice.. tt>2tM> Ilex can.. 300 Uni0n.... .U6
60 « .36 300 NvQn....U5 .'OO Utah. .....07
6occ<tv_..iy B ajo 000d....-..i6 r fWl._._tt
60 1.16| . . . I
ArTKRNOOX BXSBION* — 2:30.
201 A1Ph*.....05 950 CC*V... 1. 101250 Opblr 8-'
•■MO Andes..... lti 100 ...... 1.17V»4OO 90
1000 17 4 JO C Point... X 9
.HOJ Belcher.... iii^OO U<kC i 6 400 Potoal .....33
26:1 t*.U 61200 *.B.'UO 8avan....26
400 64 400 HAN b*l-'sl bNev... 22
•JOO Bullion..^lo 500 L Wa5h... 01400 .. t . ...2S
200 Caleda 11 JOO Mexican. 2V 15U 8idrd...1.60
400 Chllnge. ..37 450 Ny Qn._..oft .0 > Union.. ..26
250 Choir. .. I.lb ioO uccldtl... .l6|^oo Utah 07
100 Couit 81 Ovrmn....ob i J0*i....28
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, March 31-4 F. if.
justified.! ■ BlrLAllei-i.
ATrifiarvm.-... «* 06 JnlU.. ......^. 04 16
Alia. 01- 0* Justice. — \>b
Ande5. „.....«.' 17 Keniuclc..._ 04 06
8e1cher........ 1» 14 Mexican 22 23
Best <fc Belotiat 63 65 .Nevada Qoeea. — 16
BenlonUoa... — 16 uccldeuui..... 14 10
Bullion „ 08 11 uphtr. 90 91
Caledonia, 11 12 overman.. .._, U7 ' 08
(.hollar ........ 1.10 l.l&lt'otosL ....... 34 35
ton.Cal&Va... 1.15 1.20 aavage. .'....— , 26 27
Challenea Cox 36 b7j e-corplou. .. mm . — ■. L 4
Con. Imperial. 01 unseg. llelcaee... OS 05
Confidence.... BO 85 silver Hill 01 ' »2
Con New Yor< 01 tv I Sierra Nevada. 22 ' 23
Crown Point...' 18 17 standard •. 1.55 1.65
i-.aaifiierra.N4/ — In Syndicate. -._ O* I x
turekiLJ:... — SO unlouuou...^ a» 26
t.xcheauer .... OS tie ma 05 «7
i>vuiu«currr. is Vb ulivwjia^ .6 27
ii»ii^.:>>/itf». t>7 ' b-. '
. 6TOCH. AND BONO EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, March 31-8 P. U.
•-.-.. VMTIII STATICS SU.VUi ..io-.
. .£?« A Ueu. '. ■ Jtlit. ' Jilketl.
CB«a rotiD.]ia» 4 — 0 64are«...W* HOVi
Do new iuuer..i — . • •; ',■'•-'; :;•
■ ■ \ . MISI-KLI.ANk.OITS BOND*.
Cal-stCbless.ll2 ' — Ualctiaa 65.. — 10 ,
Cal£lecL6sl3o - Do 2d Is 6a. . . 1 07 i 110 • .
CntraCWs« 96Vi 88 OmntDus OS.. 123*/* —■•
DpDi-stex-cp — 100 H&ORyBi. — 11.1
kdsnLAP6sl29 - PACh Ry 6». — 105
F<KCiiHß«islO& 107 Pwi-st RR6»113 lid
Cearr-st Kij —105 heao,WL&X. — Los
Jl iis 6T*».10.l — , tactoP&L.'-; 10J
LosAngLtU 92V*100 tF&NPRii. 101 Vg — .
DoGnteed &s 98V%100 s-PKP.An/.di — 93V4
M«t-stCWe6sla3»^ — " IbPßKCalos. 109 —
DoßyCon bs. 105 105' _ >i-H X i a!si. hi 95
NatVln6s Ist - . 100 sPBrKCaI6«. »9U 98Vi
NevCKgß7s.lO3ViilO6 SVWaterd*. 117 — •
N RyCal 65.10» — ' >VWater4s. 100% —'..•-•
M£y Cal 6*. 80 ■ — ''■ 6ik.taos.ii <a 89i/ a IOU:.,
.=. »atw'. stock i. • .
Contra Costa 88^4 40 |3prn* VaUey W.i ' s 8V a
llajrinCo,.... 4bi> /4 *l%| ' . ' . ' . •..'
. CAS AXU KLtCTSrO <• TOOK*. . ' " ".
Carttfat -— ' .30 Paclfle Llrht 49H 61
Central. fBJ,«j - S F G&Elec. »6S a 1,61/%
M Ligns — ' 9V4 San Franoaco ■ ~\ a 2%«
Oak U L & H 54 64V4 -jtocKtou...... — -U
I'm uu lisii — 83V4 ' ", \'. >] ' .
JVSCXAN. < , Tn m , - •' .■'
Flreman'sFdlEl 187%!..... .'. .."....'... .'....".
"' '•'.' comm v . KAjnp. mtoßrx. "o '
Ando-Cal... BO 62 ! First Nation! 18 1 is»
Bans of Ca1..23-.i.. 4 :;<9i- 2 LondonPdcA. 13 8 129
Cal&D&TColo7 lOt) ..'ilfßUhi.... ii —
l«AVIX«-»'BAifK STOCK I. »- V * ;^ ':"■„'
n«rSALOo-1340 1400 Sav*Loan.. — 105
HnmbS&L.liOJ — Security... -.250 . —
Mutual. 38 v4l Uulou Trua:.SSo 900
teJtemv Uuion44B 475 ' • -j,-. ■ .0
f .. . STKKK.T RAILXOAD (STOCK Y '.
California.... 107 110 lOak cSL&U*/ — 10"» .
Or»r;-n 801*% 60 Presidio. ..— —I : 6!,
MarJtev-ai.... «43/ a 4' 3 i'r.'J
'.: .. • '■">"»•• fTOCKt ■
Atlantlan... 19 17 Giant C0n,... -S3 33
CaUtorala.... — . 110 1Vig0r1t....... 45c 80c
KuteraD 79 Vi »0 I
11 !<«_• t.A v xaui ' m-rn~Kt-
Alaska Pkrv 10 5 • 105 iNatVlnCo.. •_ 7U,
tier Lead Co. 100 140 oceanlcSSCo 23 S4Vs
HawC&SCa. 16 16y : P»cAuiFA - *
lluith .-> :m,, 26 *|PacßoraxCa — IS
UwKiAmo. 9J — |ParfPalutCa 8 -7
CALKS- HUBM.NIi UKSSION'. • . . ■„
Board
-25 Hawaiian Commercial. ............. 16 25 •
325 do do •' 16 i2Va
15 Marcet-st Railway.... 44 S7Vi
fIiOOO Omnibus Cable Bonds , 123 50
Mr"-
--S2OOO Nevada Co NO R R 80nd5...... 10400
25 ai" tj as A Electric Co ...<.."... ...... .96 75
BALES — AFTERNOON BKSSION'.
Board— . J
100 Uutchlnson 8 P Co. .• '. r« 50 "
10 LP<t A 8ank..... 128 60
180 Market-st Railway 44 60
' 60 BF lias & Electric Co * 96 7S
40 do do ....; ". ....: 9ri 62Vi
45 . do 00 „ . 96 i>o
6S V Water j US 50
Street— . *. ' . ' *
. 78V Water riß 50
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
'Andrew Co'eman to Louisa F. Col • man, lot on
N line of Pine s reel, 156:3 .W of Buchanan, W 25
by N 137:6; gift. '.--••
Margaret and Charles A. Stuart to Ada and
Bertha Goldsmith, lot on N line of Fell street,
156:3 X of Clayton, E 25 by N 137:6; *10.
Andrew Coleman to Louisa F. Coleman, lot on N
line of seventeenth street, 330 W of Noe, W 25 by
N 80: gin.
Patr.cK and Sarah O'Reilly to Mary O'Donnell,
lot on W line of Folsom street, 22:3% M of
T« enty-third, N2O by '.V 80; $10. o " .
' Gustavr C. M. Dlnse to Amalle 11. and Gustave
Wliker, lot on W line of Hainpihlrc street, 172:6
8 of Twenty : flrst, 8 25 by W 100: 810.
M. Morgei>tban Company to Johan F. Carlson,
lot on S line of Twenty-first street, 25 E of Hamp
shire, X 25 by s 97:6: 810.
EmmaG. ant! August Kahman to John F. On
man, undivided 1-24 of lot on Kline of Kearny
street,' 121 of Pot:, S 42. E 75, R« 43:6, W
70; also lot on E comer of Eleventh and Mission
Streets; NE 60 b/ SK 100: 810. c
I.iilzt Cademartori to Maria C. Cademartori
(Briz7^lara), lot on N line of Greenwich street,
bl:i W of Stockton. W 26:6 by N 45:5: $10.
William F. aud Caroline *■ Gibson to Clans
Spreckels, lot on S line of Btevenaon street, 175
W of Third, \V 20 by h 70: $10.
Thomas Mannix to American s-urety Company
of New York, lot on SW 'line < f Minna street,
855 sW of 'lhlrd, mw VO by N W 70; 82.
Frank Allen to Peter McHugh and Frank L.
Sheet in, lot on W line of Twentieth avenue, 300
N of Clement street, N 25 by W 120; 810.
E. W. Healy to Sarah K. Healy, lot 23, Gift
Mfpl: gift.
Mary N. Uleau to John McDonougn, lot on W
corner <f JMfieeoth avenue f-out:i ana Q street,
NWSOby SW 200, lots 23 to 26 in block 304,
O' Nell Haley Tract; 15.
Joseph and Elizabeth Afeid to Frank W. Fuller,
lot on N corner of H street and Thirtieth avenue,
XX 200 by NW 150, lots 1, 2. 15 and 16 in block
531, Bay View Homestead; 810.
Ellen feeoey to Mary C. Kobb, lot on E line of
Majestic avenue, 100 X of Hearst street, N 25 by
E 100. lot 7 In biock 11. Columbia Heights: 810.
Irene A. Winston and It. H. Winston, same to
same; 810.
Ai.AMr.DA COUNTY. :
. J. West Martin to Charles A. Appledorn, lot on
NE corner of Fourth and Jtfferson stree s, E 75
by N 100, reing lots Ito 4, oik 46. Oakland; 810.
Rosa A. Buel to Harriet A. Komie. lot on NW
linn of l\i*li Hi avenue. 150 sw of East Twelfth
street, s\v .37:6 by NW 150, block 33, Clinton,
East Oakland; gift.
L. W. Forstln. to Richard Kalb, lot on SK line
of Twenty-third avenue, 100 SW of Kaat Nine
teenth street. s\V 50 by SE 135, being the Mi 50
leet oi lot 2, block J. subdivision 50 Associates,
Tract, East Oakland: $10.
J. It. Mack to Carrie M. Stewart, .49 of an
acre, bpstt.n'ng at most BE corner of v:O.S6 acre
tract conveyed by George H. Fogg et at. to O. W.
Mack by deed of November 20, 1882, thence NW
47.5, NX 387.1, NE 166 9 10 SK boundary line of
said 20.86 acre tract, thence SW 623.4 to begin
ning. Brooklyn Township; $10. ~ ■
. Aiiul* M. a. Lindsay (wife of R. H.) to , Chris
topher & Battrrman. lot on X line of West street.
127 N if lxth, N4B X 75. beln i lot 7 and N
23 feet of lot 6, blocs 97, Oak. and; $ 2000.
■ H. B. and Brtguta Jones (by commissioner) to
San Francisco Mutual Loan Association, lot on W
line of Second avenue, 220 N of Birch street, N
110 by W 140, being lots 133 and 135, mescal
Park, Oakland Township: 8-680. ••
... ■-• ■ « — — « •
THE CAM. CALtSIIAU.
April, 1897.
\v.
Til
s».
Lr*. New Aloi
; April 1.
0
3 First
k2/.-;ap
11
IS
13
IS
16
17
<£^ Full Moon.
CS? : April 16. '
18
24
/7*\La,at
V^,.;Ap
OCEAN STKAMEKS.
D»tna of Departar* -From San Franclaon.
STKAIIKR
DKSTINATIUV.
«MH
Jiinripust.
Cop lc
Queen I
Pomona.... j
Corona
Curtna |
Columbia. . .
Kareka.. .
Farallon....
Dei Nor'e..
Humbolcu..
irr»;i
Santa Rosa.
Homer
Snoot
Wal!a\Vall>i
Hta.e ot Cat. ,
Coo* Bar~ . -
Newport.... I
nyuney
China <fc Japan
| Vie Put and
I Hnmboldtßttt
San Diet: a ;
I Coos Bur !
Portland.;;..-.
Newport j
Yaauina Bay.
Grays Harbor.
I !1 nm bold t ßay
coos -8ar..... |
Ran Diego
Coos Bar
;UraTs Harbor.
! Vie ± l'tr. »uu
• Portland
N»irnor: i
i Panama:
Apr I.iupm
Apr 1. Ifii
Apr 1. Bam
'Apr 'I. '. rw
Apr - 2,1 lam
| Apr 2.12 w
Apr 3 104 M
Apr 4. tlili
Apr 4. Bam
Apr 6. 4pm
Apr 6, li »i
Apr 6. 4pm
Apr ivliam
Apr 6. Km
Apr 6. 12m
Apr 6. •am
Air H.U'au
Apr 8. Pam
Aor K.I-.' m
I P M as
I Pier i
':• !•: 9 c
! Pier 1 1
! ri-r 8
i Pier 24
n*c 1 1,
Pier i
Pier 28
Pier 3
Pier 1 1
Pier 1 1
j Pier 13
! Pier 3
' Pier 9
Pier 21
■ HIM 1 1
|PKBS
Mi:A>U.i;> TO ARRIVE.
STRAMKB |
irocicee
Crescent City...
Columbia. .'.....
Pomona..
Czarina
Cleone.. ;.;
Korelca_ :: ....
Walla Walla...
Karallou :...
Bunoi.
Del None
Humboldt
Frogreso
Arcata
bant* Kosa
Brat* of Cal....
Homer
Newport
l'ooi Bay
Willamette
rmatilla. ......
Corona
City of Para...
Monowal "....
Tlllamoofc Bay
Crescent City
1 Portland. [_
Hamboldt Bay *.
.Coos Bay
Crescent City
I Newport.' •
Victoria £ PueetaoaaJ
Vaqulna »»'-.........
Grays Harbor ;...,.
<<r»T« Haroor.
JHumboldt Bay
j Seattle .■..
t'oos Bay .....:
tfan Dieto -
Portland. •..
Coos Bay
I Panama.".
Newport./.
Seattle.....
Victoria x. Putces Sound
"an Diego ....'.
Panama
I «ydney
..Apr
..Apr
. Apr
..Apr
..Apr
I .Apr
! Apr
..Apr
Apr
. . .a pr
..Apr
..Apr
-Apr
..Apr
.Apr
.Apr
.Apr
..Apr
• Apr
..Apr
..Apr
.Apr
..Apr
..Apr
SUM. MOON' AND TIDJi.
UXITKT» BTATKS COAST AX D .O«Ortl'TIO BtTUVWT
T MBS AND HKISHTS OF HiaH AJ*D LOW
WATERS .AT *"ORT POIXT. ENTBANCI .TO
tAN Fbancisco Bat. Fnßr.rsHKD bt Orwi-
CIAL authority ok thk bUFIUISTINDIKT.
Note- The high and low waters occur .11 t.is
City Front (Mlssm^-sirses Wharf) about t went
flveminuiej later than at Fort Point; in* iiel<bl
of tide is th« same at both places.
Apiii ,su;
Thursday April L
*»on rises 6 54 Moorj rlswi.. S.l6am
Bnrnets 6.34 Moon sets...!
sJll^|Feet!
gli. w! |
jll^£jFe« li^l Feet li^? Feet
iH\v i c ]. \V | ]{ \V
4 1 6.36
H W
5 U. 36
6 1.161
71 a.UI
o.B|iJ.i-J
0.5 1a. 02
o.'*' 12.50
0.1 1.40
f. W
4.6 7.14
4.6 7.56
4.5 j 8. 48
4.)
6.41 |
c. la
H w
2.34
a. so |
4-vBi
1. 0111.12
1.9 ll.»2
•2.S 11.58
V.4
L, W
3.3 6.45
3.1 7.-JH
4.7
4.6
o.i
o.i
-o.i
2.6
2.H
More— In the above exposition of the ttdes th«
•ari.r mornloc tides are given 'In lh« left hand
column, and the successive Udea of the day In th*
order of occurrence m to time. The second tlms
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when mere are bat three tides, as sometime*
»ccurs. The heights given are additions to tne
soundings on the United States" Coast Survey
char:*, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is tubtracUre
from the depth riven by th« rhmn.. ' •
MVntVM xo IIAKINKKs. :'
A "branch of the United States' Hydrographto
Office located In the Merchants'. °. KzchaDze Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. ' .* ~ <• .
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts, and sailing
directions of the world are, kept on hum or com
parison and reference, and the .latest information
cau always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all , matters of interest to ocean
commerce..'. . c . ' „* " ■ v '..,•.
- The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted, about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. , 120 th .meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each dar from the
United States Naval Observatory a- Mare Island ,
Cal. =•.:•■-. • ". „•• .">•._•
A notice stating whether the tims ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. It any. Is
published the same day oy the afternoon paper*.
and by the morning papers the following atr.
. .'• W. B. Hr. uric*
;".'■• . .. Lieutenant. U. B. N., in charge.
•■' •• ° The Time Ball. .-J".^"'-
EBiSCH Btdkoobaphic Oirncß, 0. 8. W."»
•* ' • MKRCHANTS' EXCITANO'K o V
1' . ■• San Francisco. March 31. 1897. )
The time ball on Tel ezraph HiL was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon or the l'Ju;a
meridian, or exactly at Hr. m., Green wlrh time.
• rf.-,- • W. s. Hughes,
. ' ; Lieutenant V. w. N.. in charge.
SHIPPINti LNT£LLIU£>CE.
: 1
Arrived.
"• : . - - WEDNESDAY. March 81.
Stmir' F.onlta, Nicholson. 80 hours Trom San
Diego and way ports; produce, to Uoouall, l'erklua
.* Co.
Stmr Corona, Jepson. 00 hours from San Diego:
pass and radse, to to Goodall, Perkins <& Co.
Stmr Westport, Jacobs, 85 boars from Pan
Pedro, via Sau simeoa *:< hours; ballast, to Pol
lard <fc Dodge • .;.;;■..;,. ,
' iSr stmr Wellington, Salmond, 84 hours from
Departure Bay; 23.0 tons coal, to It Dunsmuir
A Sons. •• . • «
stnir Alcatraz, Carlson, 69 hours from Kedondo,
via ion Los Angeles: 136 tons railroad iron, L &
White Lumber Co. " •
tstmr North Forte, Mansen, 31 boars from Eu
reka; pass and rudse. to Charles Nelson. -
Stmr National City, Andresen, — hours from
Albion, via Navarro; r r ties, to C A Hooper <fc
Co.
I fir ship Cressln?ton, Porter, 106 days irom New
castle. NSW; 3267 touscoal, to J 1) aprectels &
BiO< Co.
Brie Con sue o, Jarohson. 14 V* days from Mahu
kona; sugar, to J D Sprockets <£ Bros Co.
' ■",".■'"■- Cleared. .
. c WEDNESDAY. March 31.
Stmr Colon, Mack inn on, Panama; P M" S 8 Co.
Ul.ur Queen, Debn«v, Victoria ami Pugel Bound;
Goodall. Perkins & Co .
Stmr Jennie, Esser,- Cooks Inlet: Alaska Pack
ers' As in. o
>li|i M. P Grace, De Winter, New York; John
Rosenf Id's Sons.
ship Llewellyn J Morse, Anderson, Chlgnlk Bay;
Alaska Packers' Assn.
Br bark Eliiott. Kvans. Jqalque; O W McNear.
- Nor bark Nordlyset, Olsen.Ct.pe Town; Balfour,
Gnthris & Co.
Bkiu Tropic Bird, Jackson, Tahiti; j Pinet &
Co.*
Bktn Fremont, Bowes, Unga; Lynda & Hough.
Sailed.
• WEDNESDAY. March 31.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson.
Stmr Rival, Johnson. Grays Harbor.
J Minr i, co lAXiinls. Ifrlduott. Venture.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, Newport ana way ports.
IT s mr Petrel, \\oo>. Honolulu.
* Stmr Colon, MacKinnon, Panama, etc.
btmr Alice Blanchard. Uughes, Portland.
Stmr Westport, Jacobs.
' Stmr Bonlta, N choliou, San Diego, etc.
Bark Harvester, Giuncr. Cblgnlk Bay.
Bktn Amelia, Wilier. Port Bla^eley.
Sclir Beuian, Mitchell, Wi.iapa Harbor.
Bchr Jane Bray. Hocdsori, Kadlak.
bchr Archie and Fontie. Colstrup. Stewarts Point.
. Telegraphic.
FOIST LOBOS. Marca 31.-10 p. Weather
thick; wind SE; veioui.r 14 u...-j.
Charter*.
The bark Olympic loads mdse for Vladivostok:
Br ship Seafarer, redwood for Cork: Br ship Dal
cairnie, sugar at Kanului, for New York.
Spoken.
Per Cresslngton— Feb 4 In lat 34 S, long- 126 W.
Br ship U W Watson, from Astoria, bound lor .Bris
tol.
*■ :.!:'. . : Domestic Ports.
• PORT BLAKELKY— « rrived Mar Sl-Schr Jno
A Campbell, troin Newpo t.
CASPAR— Mar al— S;mr Jewel, for San
Pedro.
ALBlON— Arrived Mar 31— Stmr Whlteiboro
hence Mar 23. a>
ORT BRAGG— Arrived Mar 31— Stmr Weeott-
NAVARRO-Sailed Mar 31-Stmrs National
Cltr and Point Arena, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Saileu Mar Stmr Farallon, for
San Francisco. . ■
Arrival Mar Sl-Slmr Arcata, hence Mar 29
REDONDO— SaiIed Mar 31— Bktn Northmen
for Portland. •
HEATTLK-Salled Mar 31-Stmr Procreso for
San Kranclsco. . • . '
NAN DlKUO— Arrived Mar 31— U 8 stmr Phila
delphia, from cruise. " . . ; '.--•
EUKKKA-Arrtv-a Mar 80-Stmr Pomoua hce
Mar 29: stmr Alliance, hence Mar 28: cur Mar/
Buhne. from La Lioenad. Mar 31— Simr Lacuna,
hence Mar £0. ■ . ,
Sailed Mar 30 -Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro •
Bchr John A. for ban Krauclsco. Mar 31-btmr
Pomona, for San Franciico.
Foreign Ports. '
MAZATLAN-SaUeu Mar 30-Stmr Newport,
for fc»n Frau'iaco.
kil^rTf^oWon. 110 " 31 " »-J.p bark Ten-
L. 8 |?h A f?r G^i-^5?. Feb 2a - B » p Alice A
NEWCASTLE, NSW-S,i)ed Mar 19-Br ship
Fannie Ker., lor bau Francisco. Mar 21-Br ship
Raji> c, for San Francisco
bYDNEY-Sailed Mar 16-Brship Andelana.for
San r rancisco.
HONOLULTJ-Arrived Mar 1 1-Bri« W G Irwln,
hence Feb -A Mar 16-Brlc Percy Edwards, hce
dk. : i?f,'^ Pros er - r "m Port Gamble. Mar 16
B l l , n Klikitat. from Port Gamble. Mar 17-Brk
Highland LUht, from Nanaimo; Br stnar *dount
Lebanon, from Portland., iiar 18-Br s> mr Mio
wera, from Victoria; U » stmr Marlon, from %an
nimhi. t*' l "L"* ctir John ll Talanu from Port
S? m Sf-i ! b * rlc Mar^» Davis, hence Mar 4. Mar
f C 1 • na 3 Btmr Jeannette. hence Mar 7. Mar 3S—
™« n r^« he i . uhne « irom Eureka: Haw tark Dla
?*!?»«» m^l 'J Om Port Angeles. Mar 23-Slmr
« / ?i o do Jan « ' ro - «on» Yokohama; Jap stmr
sajur* Mai sails Mar -it. .or Seattle: ship KB
Sutton will sail Mar 'it, for New York • P
*alleaMar 10 -Bark SC Allen, for San Fran-
Cisco; ship May Jj"ilnt, for New York; J3r acnr Ag
nes ilcDo"Bid. lor the coast' of Japan. ; Mar 11—
Brstmr China, for China and Japan. Mar 12—
Mmr Alamrd». lor Syd.tpy. Mar 15 — Nit- b< n
Wrestler, to." New Weitnitnster: brlss Percy E.l
wurJs. for south Sea Isiaml-t. -Mar 19— i.; .i ■ ,
Mount Lebanon, for .Yokohama; hrsimr Mlotvern /J
i lor >ydnt-y. Mar 20— Haw turk Andrew We rh, IK
| for SanFraaci.nce:; schr ►red X .sancer u for (ten Jr
Francisco: schr Jessie Mlaor. for Kan Krnm-lsco. ™>
I Mar 22— U S stair Aler;, or San Frmcisco; , r
ship semautha, for Xi>w York. ;.. Ivlar •-'3— Kr g W
v Irwi-i. for San Francisco; what stair Jeanaette.
for cruise.
KAHULUI Arrived Mar 17->cnr Al!»n A,
from New \Vh» rom. +Mar 18-»ch.- Helen X
Kimball. hence Mar 3. '
Sailed M.»r 1"-G r bark J C GlaJe. tor Now •
York. Mar 20— Schr Allen A. to M.iimt^ia
•I o sail Mar 2l)-Scar H c Wright, for Sau Fran
cisco. ■ * . *
DOVER— Passed Mar 29— Fr bark Inverei* , fm
London, for San Krauclici.
QCEENSTOWN-Saiiet Mar 30— Br ship Knra
sia, lit LI erpoo!: Kr bark Jules Verve, for Sllgo;
Br baric Niihsdale. for Liverpool.
JIELI'OL'K.NK- Arrived Ship Louis Walsh,
from Fort Blakeley. r- - .
IPSWlCH— Arrived Mar 29-Ger bark -Schiller,
hence Oct 19. „
Li'SDOS- Arrived Mar 30— Br Dark Earl Dun
raven, from Tacome. •
Movement* of Tranx- Atlantic Stearaar*.
NEW YORK-Salled Mar 31— Stmr H. H Slier,
for Bremen: s:mr New York, tor Southampton,
i SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Mar 31— stiurs
St Paul -iid Spree.
ROTTERDAM.— Arrived ' Out Mar 80— btmr
Werfcendam. ' . '
.^alleduMar 31— 8tmr Mnsdam, for New York.
AM I'EHDAM- sailed Mar 61— Stmr Kdam, for
New York. r ; ,* --.'. . ■
• Jmnortar.iorm.
EUREKA— Per North Fork— 2 c» lard, 2eg meal,
1 cs cuars, 2 cs canned goods, 1 sk Klnes'.ock, »7
sks peat, 1 cs groceries, 220 M ft lumber, i*9 M, ft
lumber. 149 M shingles, 16 M sha'<»s. -
\ MAHCKONA— Per Con*uelo-72i0 Dags sugar.
GOLKTA— Per Bonlta— loo ski beans.
Santa Cruz Island — 5 sk» tartar.
Port Harford— ls ska rye, 184 ska barter, Hot
old lion. ! -' »: -
San Simeon— sl hogs. . -.-
CHINA AND JAPAN— Per City Of RIO d* *
Janeiro— lo7 pkgs gunnies, Bb6 pk«s matting. SO
Pkgs silk Koodi. 4 parcels '24* pk:a cunoi, S£s
Iktss oil. 167 pk»B tea, 23,449 pkgs rice, 3996 pkgs
mdse • - - ■ .. --■--.
For Overland- 544 pk^smdse, 200 rice, 81
Pkgs tea, 1188 pkss raw silk, 1H» pkscn curios. 19
D.i;ce!s 65 pk«s silk goods. # J6-' Dk.n maiiinic.
For Centra! and -ouifi America— Bs pk^s mdse,
40 pkgs tea, 19 pkgs curios. 16 pk^s silk noods
- !sA.\ Di KGO— Per Corona— l 79 pkgs mdse, 1249 •
or«n?ev V 2 nbl catsup. 1 cs dr. coods. 3 s<s
dried fruit, 68* bxs lemons, 18 bxs««trapa fruit, 40
bxa oranges and lemom. 4 bzs limes
Redonao-164 sKs hoofs. 10 bbls beef. 4 pkgs
md<e. 10 cs sum, l cs drugs, lbx tea, 402 bzs
oranges. «
Port Los Angeles— 4BS bis oranges,* 2 ci cand».
44 pksjs mdae. 9 bxs lemons. 1 ca cigars, 4 cs'
shoes. 4 cs honey. Ct
Santa B»i bara-2 bxs jeily, 3 bx^ butter, 2 bis
groceries, 49 akss raiis», 30 bxs orunzes. 1! bx.i
millinery goods, ti stcs crawfish, 35 bxs lemons, 1
horse. . .-, i ,---. •#.-.■ -
Port Harford — 41 pkes mdse, 1 pkg carpet,* 127
csegga, 29 dressed calves 1 cs -lly. 5 sks aba
loncs, 18 .'S cbt-fse.*^ bals horse hides, fl tubs 1
keg 127 bxs butter. S9J sks barley, 26 sks beans, '2
coops turkeys, 1 coop chickens.
• " . ° Consignee*.
I'er Consuelo— Williams, Dimond <t Co; Welch ",
Co. *
. I<er North Fork -C E Whitney <& do : Del Monia
Milling Co; order Haas Bros: s H Frank & Co: W
Clan 5 : Chas Nelson; Jonn F English; California
Glue Work*: Marshall <fe ifttlL : o
Per Bonlia-Santa Crui Inland Co: H H Ware;
8 SilVerberg; Western Meat Co: Judson Mf? Co.
Per Ci yof Rio <1c J miciru- H H Burger; John It
Bodem & Co; D N i E Walters: F Ludemann: J B
Fukin «fccrt; ACBobinson: Wells, Farso <t Co:
Mendelson * Bros; M Miibata: A X Tlchenor: X
Umahara; PM S Co: Tilimann & Bendel; O X <fc
N Co: Cainese Minister; Culnese merchants and
order.* • • , • ■
Per Corona— San Francisco Brewing Co* Del £
Monte Milling Co; Cunningham, Curtis* <& Welcn:
Western Mr.: Co; J F Cunningham: MS^»ma3;
sunset Telephone Co; laeAxleCorHoffma.fi
Kothchil'l &Co: Wellman. Pecic <fe Co: Murphy.
Grant 4 to; Porter Bros; S lev.: Wetmora
Bros; Eveleth <fe Nash: Nash & Boesenecker; J H
Cain i Co: Geo X >tp.rr A 1 o: Wolf Jt son: Immel
<fc to: Qarcla* Magglni : Campodonico <£ Malcolm;
J Ivancovich & Co: L Scatena & Co: Pacific Trail*
lerCo; AOa 11 Fruit Co: Dalton Kroi; Cuduliv
Packing Co: Wells, Fargo <fe Co : C Tetzen; W F
Mitchell; H O Greenbood: Johnson-Locke Mer
cantile Co: Tillmann & Bendei; Levl Spiegel A Co:
- O P Downing; Fullmer, tio?; & Co: x' TopMtz <fc
Co: D E Allison <fc Co. McDonough &Rn nyon : I tJ
<"alvllle; APaladlni: Miluui Jt Co: Fredericksouig
Brewery; Adelsdorfcr & Co; UeorceD Urah m: A
Levy i Co; Dodge. Sweenev A Co: Lang Food an I
supply Co: H Klrchmann it Co: Wieand Hios; H
BLS»ttl»r & Co; Pacific Coast' Fisii Co; O Harris; •
Standard Oil Co; Norton, Teller & Co; A Failles; •
De Eernarai A. CO: Knterorise Brewery; e> K.lv-r
--berg; Hilmer. Breaholt&Schulz; Doris. Belan A
Co:'Elleford & Co; WUI.-nd Brewtnc Co; Buss,
E»riv <* Co: B:ssineer<t Co: J II Newbauer & Co:
L D Stone Co: Western Meat Co: Wltzel <Jt Baker-
O B Smith <fe Co: Norton, Teller & Co: Charles M
Plum & Co; Marshall & Reim rs: Hills Bros: Ju 1
»on Fruit Co: Dairymen's Union; Lubor Exchange;
The Pacific Coast Home Supply Association ; o
Chicago Brewery; Chas Jacobson 36 Co: A >a If <
OCEAN TRAVEL. j^
PACIFIC COAST_STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BKOADWAY A^l_
O wharf, San Francisco, os follows: **P*str
For uorts In Alaska, April 1, 6. 11, 18, ill, iA
and every fifth day thereafter, at 9 a.m.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send,. Seattle, 1 aroma, Everett. Anacortea ana
New Wcatcom (Belllneham Bay. Wash.). 9 a v.
April 1, a, 11, 16, 21, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. H.
I R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with <&
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
- For )Cureka, Arc » and Fields Landin«,{Hunv
boldt Bay), Str. Pomona 2p. M April 2, 6, 10, 14,
18. 22, 26. 30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos.
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlola, Saaw
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, &an Pedro, East Baa
Pedro (Los .Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a st
April 4. 8, 12. 16, 20, -4. 28, and every lourta
day thereafter.
For san Dle?o. stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. April 2, 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter. .
For Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo. MazaUan. La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), sieamer Orizaba, 10
a. if. 25th of each month.
'I he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Hotel 4
New Montgomery street.
UOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO.. Gen'l Agents.
; 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Rpear-street Wh. rf, at 10 a. m.
X -T.-Ll_L*\g ( { Second-class /berth meaU
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia.... March 24. April 3,13,23
State of California. .March 29. Aprils. 18, 28
Through tickets and through baggage to *v
Eastern pOJnta. Rates and folders npoa applied
F.F. CONNOR. General Agent.
OOODALL. PKHKlNaACO^^Jrlnt'e l^,-., °
COMPAGIfIE TLI!ISATLAItIf|UI -
.. '- : :. ■ Trench. Line to Havre. •
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEW).42NOKTH Jjn *
\J River, foot of Morton St. Travelers by I'ViTrU
this line avoid both transit by English railway an)
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Pan*
first class 9160, secoud class 9116.
LA BRETAGNE April 10. 10a.j«
LA NORMAN DIE April 17, 10 a. *.
LA CHAMjAGNE.. .....April 21, 10 a. m.
LA OASCOGNK May 1, 10 a.m.
LATOURAIXE »-7 8, 10 A. It
tS" For further particulars apply to
A. FORUKT. Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery •
avenue, Ban Francisio. . . ■
fMBBIBBSIfI The". S. MAUH-OSA
aCDflir f-alli Via HONOLULU
gl'MHll.^A^CKLANirfoc
y fc^_^ bYDNKY. ■ lhurl4ly
Iwp^ A prll 1, at Ip. v.
glMiiistiip- 1 MttVSts'iS
/SlTlPiSnU* Tuesday. April 2U.
\yilipUlWp at 2p. M. Special party
rates.
LInetoCOOLOARDIK, Ausu, ana CAPETOWN,
South Africa. .
J. V. SPKUCKKLS « BROS. CO. Agent*
v ,-= ~,, » . 114 Monteomerr stre9-
Freight OBice. 837 Market su, ban Francisco.
<gj^n.K HAMBURG-AMERIGAS LII 3
!?J?<B?!jjjj?B l ,MliL> TWJLN-SCItKW. EXl'lliCii
— '■ Sf£SJ ■ .' Line from Now York -to ■ "
Plymouth (London). Cherbourg, i'arU Ji mjur »
j-. Bi3m..rcfc Aprt. ». F. liisnmrck.... >,y -'7
Normaunia Apr 12« Norma nua,. j atie 3
Columbia. .:.:.v.Ma» 13 | Colntnbla:...:.ijunj V)
ilamhurg- American L.in», 3 7 B'way. * V
KAHN & HERZOU. Agents, 401 California sU.
San t'runcisco. Cal. . . :: . ' - ,
mmm steamers"
Leave Pier No. 3, Washinjfton S*-
At ti P. M. I>aily. Vreietic receive I iTS
to.i:3« v. at "
$(3~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
The only iin.- at iliu.- tickets and K ivina
through freight rate* to all , pom. a oa Valley
Railroad. STEAMERS: J
STKAAXEKS:
T. C. Walker, J. D . Peter!..
M , 7 Oarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main BCS. Cil Kav. and Impu Ot
FOR VALLEJOAXDCS.SAVY.YmiK
BTEAJIEB "MONTIckLO,"
landing Mlssion-st'w;*i)oV!t! r 'pi*eV i •'■ *
•THr. ~i Phone Black 2151.
'Trip gives 6 hour* atop a; Navy- Yard.
O iSundays eacepted) a: 10 a. m. ilvU^ L .
(Saturday%xcept.dV« 7 v^*i Frl i^t o*l^'0 * 1^'
Passenger. :., Far© toot weea San Vrf JH! Shi un ?
Aiviso, 60c; toSau Jola / 75t oi nciaC 2; Bo . l
J«»W, baauCUra.l.. ■ £f jSfc.' tllty *****DEMOCRATS FIND
A NOVEL DEFENSE
If They Pay Now for Budd's j
Band Wagon They
Would Be Felons.
An Appeal Has Been Taken and |
the Fees Run Up Near a
Thousand Dollars.
Twenty Eo lars Apiece Will Proba
b'.y Be the Demand, Where But
Four Was First Asked.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 31. f
Instead of Laving to pay four dollars
apiece the members of the Democratic
County Central Committee will probably
have to part with aa many times that
amount before they settle the bills for \
ihe band wagon and electric lighting
that helped to elect Governor Budd two
years ago.
For be it known to the world that those
plucky bandmen, who dared to play Dem
ocratic music in a Republican city, have. j
not vet received their free silver lor their j
heroic acts.
A bond on appeal has been filed in. ; the
Superior Court and the case is to : be tried
again. There are about a hundred de- !
fendants including the most prominent !
Democrats in the county, arid according
to Attorney McDonald they cannot now!
pay these bills without committing a j
felony. This is perhaps one of the most '
novel defenses ever put forward :n a court
of justice. -. .'■ ' •'• '
"The thins is this way," said Mr. Mc-
Donald. "Under the i urity of .election
law money for campaign expenses must
be paid ia a certain manner and within a
certain time, and no candidate can spend
more than a limited amount. The time'
has long since passed when these bills:
should have been paid, and I fear that the
creditors stand a poor show, of getting
their money. >"ever'.heloss, I cannot but
admire the persistency of." Collector
Stewart, who has shown enough courage
to accept the assignment of these claims. '
He is, 1 believe, sending men all over the j
county serving subpenas, and demurrers,
ana summonses, and complaints, and in
some instances I believe it has taken $30 ;
to serve one paper. At this rate that un- ;
fortunate little bill of $240, which we were
kin»ily iniormed a year ago could be )
liquidated ly paying $4 apiece, will soon !
amount to $1000. lfe*3BQS!
"It would be quite illegal to pay this
amount, for all our funds are derived from |
the assessments of candidates and those :
who are willing to help their election. To
assess any of these people now wonld be a !
violation of the law, and as good Demo- \
crats we cannot contemplate any such j
crime."
Collector Stewart has not lost heart and
declares he will get that money. During
the past two weeks Alfred Banteau, some- !
times known as the "baron," has been'
spending a small fortune of somebody's
! money chasing up delinquent Democrats. !
If, as Mr. McDonald say?, to pay the i
money would be to commit a crime it is 1
hardly likely that a Republican Judge — '
and .hey are ail Republican— will order j
an unfortunate Democrat to do any such
wicked thins.- . ... r -.. T
MISS MUEPHT'S WILL.
She "Wished Her Property to Go to Her
- Surviving Sisters.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 31.— Victor
; Metua;f, attorney for Miss Isabel Murphy,
who died recently in London, has in his
• possession what lie believes is the only
will of the deceased. He stated to-day,
that the will was made some time ago and
left with him. He does not believe she
made any other disposition of her prop
erty, and says that he will not allow the
contents of the will he holds to become
public until it is filed for probate. He
will await further advices from the dead
girl's sisters.
It is not likely Jbat there is anything
tensational in the late Mis Murphy's
will, for Mr. Melcalf, when told of the
dispatches from London yesterday, said
that he knew it/was Miss Murphy's desire
that uer property should go to her sister?.
It is presumed ttiat when making this re
mark the attorney was guided by a knowl
edge of the will in his safe.
Haywards Fire Department.
OAKLAND,. Cal... March 31. — The
annual election of the Haywards fire de
partment resulted ad follows: Chief
Engineer, Thomas Lane; foreman. Walter
Mvers; first assistant foreman, William
Zambn-^ky; second assistant, Oscar Wal
pert; secretary, J. B. Kuppncht; first
hoseman, M. B. Clarke; second hoseman,
Alfred D.le; third hoseman, F. Kayer;
; Bergeant-at-arms, F. Stroebel.
' Organized for Celebration*.
OAKLAND, Cat... March 31.— The com
mittee of fifteen, which has in charge the
LOVED BY A YELLOW CUR.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 31.— John Quilter-, a teamster, was run over this morn
ing by a train near B-street station. When iouad on the track be was being guarded
by a little yellow dog that refused to leave him. He was takeu to the hospital, where
t was found necessary to amputate one Jeg below the knee. All the time during the
operation the little animal cried piteously and frequently jumped on the table and
piaceo. his nose in his master* face. When he wa? placed in a cot the faithful dog
persisted in keeping watch. Quiiicrs has a wife and three children, and me doctors do
not expect he can recover.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
celebrations for the 4th and 13th of July,
hns formally organized. C. R. Root is
president, VVebb Pierce secretary ami The
odore Gier 'secretary and treasurer of
thd finance committee. The Alameda
Trustees have sent in a report that they
met last Monday and appointed a com
mittee to undertake that nart of the cele
bration which Alameda will furni-h. The
executive committee will meet next Fri
day night.
Friendship to Ho Rewarded.
OAKLAND, Cal.. March 31.— There is
likely to be a wedding before long as the
result of a very delicate operation per
formed on the scholarly lady at the East
B:iv Sanitarium. Mrs. Andrus, a widow,
[ who has suffered for years from partial
! paralysi?-, consented at the earnest solici
tation of a gentleman friend to submit to
an operation on the brain of the most del
icate and critical nature. He willingly
paid all the exi>enses ami the operation
was successfully performed. It was
found that the cause of her troub'e was a
large tumor on the brain, which had
| given no signs whatever of its presence
i except by the peculiar action of the nerves
surrounding the brain. Mrs. Andrus is
rapidly recovering, and it is now averted
that she is to become the wife of her ben
efactor, Mr. B°lford, a civil engineer on
the Southern Pacific
Free Library for Haywarda.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 31.— A meet
ing was iieid at Haywards last night for
the purpose of taking action regarding a
free library. Librarians Peterson of Oak
land and Harbourne of Alameda were
present nnd gave some practical sugges
tions. Mvny hundreds of books were do
' nated on the spot and many an effort
i promised to give the library » start. It
' was decided that at the next election the
matter of providing a small lax for the
maintenance of a library should be sub
, muted to the people.
Blames « alifornla Wines.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 31.— C. D. Fos
ter, the Eastern traveling man who went
out Monday night and lost everything he
had, including his overcoat, told the po
j lice to-day that his companions on the oc
casion were young fellows who looked
j like students. He said it was his first
> visit to California, and that the bouquet
jof the native wines overcame him. The
i police have not recovered any of his prop
erty.
0. H. S. IRYOUT.
Held to Select a Team for the Coming
Field Day.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 31.— The Cen
tral High School try out. field day. which
was to have been held Saturday afternoon
at Berkeley, but had to be postponed on
account of rain, took place Tuesday after
noon. There were several surprises dur
ing the day, especially the running of
Crogan in the mile, £. Morrill in the
hurdles and Griffen in the mile walk.
Acnew, R. Morrill and McDonald also
showed up very well for new men.
The field day was held ;or the purpose
of selectinu a team to represent the school
in the Academic Athletic League field
day to be held at the Oiympic Club
gruun 1 April 17.
Folio win? is a complete list of the
j event-, winners and the time, distance or
: height in each :
100-yard dash— Henderson first, Stevens sec
ond, Moore third; time, 11 sec.
22u-vard dash— Hender-on first, Moore sec
ond. Joues third; time, 24 2-5.
12i)-yard hurdle — Murray lirst, Cole second,
Jacks third; time, 18 sec.
2-O-yard huidit — »'.>:e first, Murray second,
Brown third: time, 23 2-5.
4-10-yi:rd dash— Brown first, Olive second,
Henderson third ; time, 55 sec.
330-yard dash— Smitu first, R. MorrlU sec
onii. Hughes third; time, 2:15.
Mile run — Smith first, Crogttu second, K.
gorril) third; time, 5 mm. 4 sec
Shot put — N'edaerman first, Kenna second,
French third; distance, 35 .eet.
Pole vau:t— uyo:is first, Agnew second;
height, 9 iect 5 inches.
Bruad jump— Agncu> first, Smith second,
Jones third ; distance, 19 feet 10 inches.
Miie walk— Griffin fir<t, McDonald second, E.
Morrill th.rd; time, 7:54.
Hi^h jump — Kenna first, Brown second;
heig;u, 5 feet 5 incnes.
hammt-r throw— Nedderman first, French
secud, Olive third; distance, 121 feet.
IIEE DEPARTMENT UPSET.
The Struggle for Chief Results in a
Lack ■ f I i*cipllne
OAKLAND, Cal., March 31.— There is a
bitter war go ng on for the position of
Chief of the Fire Department. Chief
Fair, who realizes that he is to go, is being
opposed by Wiiliam Smith, foreman ot
chemical eneine 1, and the two men are
going around telling all sorts of petty
stories of * ach other.
Fair stated to-day that he had been re
quired to admonish Smith because tne
latter was neglecting his work to do poii
tics, Tnere was a meeting last nieht in
the office of the Chief, and some very
warm words passed. Assistant C ief Mur
doch also figures in the affair, and '.here is
no doubt that the Fire Department will
not be restored to complete discipline
until anew Chief is appointed.
New Scholarship*.
BERKELEY, Cal , March 31.— The
State University made the formal an
nouncement to-day of the new scholar
ships, amounting to $7000 a year, which
have recently been provided by Levi
Strauss and the State Legislature. The
entire amount is to be divided into schol
arships not to exceed 66 in number, which
will mean that each student receiving one
will get about $125 a year. Full detail-;
are given of the method of award.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1897.
GAVE HIS ESTATE
FOR AFFECTION
Thomas Moore Says He
Was the Dupe of a De
signing Wcman.
She Married Him, Was Di
vorced Soon Alter and Mir
ried Him Again.
Now She Seeks Another D.vorcj and
He Wants to Gst Back His
Property.
Oakland Office San Fp.ancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Murch 31. )
Another romance under the gaise of a
suit to recover property was tiled in the:
Superior Court this afternoon.
Thomas Moore, a San Francisco capital
ist who has been residing for some time
in Monterey, was three years ago a very
wealthy man. Now, judging from his
complaint, all he has on hand is a
wrecked physique and mind and a de
signing wife who has just sued him the
second time for a divorce.
Three years ago Mr. Moore, on
account of his mental condition, was ad
judged incompetent. During this period
be says that a designing woman, well
versed in all the arts and wiles that cause
a man to show his weakness, came across
his path. This woman wis Elizabeth
Howe, a married person of ISan Francisco.
When she knew that Moore had a large
estate she did not allow such a trifling
incumbrance as a husband to trouble her.
She quickiy procured a divorce and in
November, 1893, and on the same day !
that Moore was declared competent he
became the second husband of Mrs. Eliza
beth Howe Moore.
For a few months everything went
smoothly and one day Moore was sur
prised by b intr served w.th a complaint
for divorce brought by his wife, who
charged all manner of cruelty against
tiim. Little affairs, Fuch as attempting to \
choke her, throwing her out in the street !
and similar incidents, appear to have j
been of daily occurrence in the Moore
household.
li.mking he had the worst of the bar
gain Moore did not make much of a de
fense ana willing y consented to agree
that she should have the divorce and $600 ■
in cash in full payment of fee and all
claims.
After a little while Mrs. Howe Moore
became dissatisfied with her agreement, i
but it was too late to alter it. Moore had j
two or three spells of mental incompe- j
tency and passed a season at tne Napa j
asylum. Some time later he went to the i
Paraiso Hot Springs to benefit his health. <
While there bis ex-wife came to him, ap
peared very penitent, told him th:it their
match had been made in heaven and that '
no man should be permitted to br;alr it.
A:ter a few months of making violent;
love to the old plaintiff he finally gay* in j
and they were married a second time.
Again there were a few months of smooth ]
sailing, after which Mrs. Moore- left his •
home nnd re. used to return. A little later !
s c agreed to return and be a wife to him !
if he Tould tleed her eighty acres* of vaiu- ;
able land in Alameda County. The deed I
was drawn up, Moore signed it and it
went on record. About a week of (
so-called happiness followed, when Mrs. j
Moore again left her husband. At the \
end of a few weeks she promised she !
would faithfully resume her wifely duties
and be the truest of friends to Moore it he j
would aeed to her some valuable real i
estate in tlje city of Alarm da. Believing!
tliat shf bad repented and was truly con
verted from the error of her ways, Moore
signed the deed, which duly went on
record, and a few days later he was again
deserted.
Having some property still Jeft Mrs.
Moore again came back to her husband,
more penitent than ever, and promised
that if be would only try her once a^ain
she would be a dutiful, affectionate and
faithful wife.
In the goodness of hin heart the old
capitalist wfcose capital, by the way, had
rapidly diminished with his matrimonial
experiences decided to give her one moie
chance. Before she would consent to ac
cept it, however, she was anxious for a
little piece more of his property, and some
more deeds went oh record.
It is very evident that Mr. Moore has
but little properly left, for a week ago Mrs.
Moore brought suit for divorce in Mon
terey County.
After telling this tale of many chapters
of woes Mr. Moore says that he is con
vinced that Elizabeth Howe is a designing
woman versed in all thfcway3 of the worid,
who determined from the first to take ad
vantage of his weak mental and physical
condition to carry out a plot to play upon
bis affections until she succeeded in cajol
ing him out of his property. Under the
circumstances he asks the court to declare
that the deeds were obtained from him by
undue influence and to order the property
restored to him.
Mrs. Moore will probably file an inter
esting complaint within tne next few
days. As she has obtained property val
ued at about $75,000 it is not likely that
she will give it up without a bitter legal
struggle.
THE BRIDGE MATTER.
A Novel Solution of the Question Pro
posed—Trains to Run on m
Loop.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 31.— An ap
parently feasible solution of the estuary
bridge proposition is offered by Engineer
yon Schmidt, the well-known dredger
proprietor. If carried out it will remove
nearly every objectionable feature of
travel to and from Alameda as at present
existing ami wiil obviate the necessity of
constructing and maintaining an expen
sive bridge or bridges. Mr. yon Schmidt's
propos.tion is to use both moles, as at
present, bnt to lay third rail-, so that
narrow-gauge trains may run on the
broad-gauge mole and broad-gauge trains
on the narrow-gauge pier. Then operate
all trains on a loop line. That !«, have
trains run from the brond'gaugo mole
through Oikland and around the head of
the estuary, then throueh Alameda to the
present narrow-gauge pier and bRCk again
lo the starting j omt. Have the narrow
gauge trains do tiie same thing, swinging
around at High street in this city so as to
connect with the present line by Fruit
vale. Passengers couhl thus go either
way to reach the ferry, and no matter
winch way a train was running it would
bring up at eitherone of the moles. This
would greatly relieve the stress of travel
when it is at its height, as there would be
no empty trains running one way and
crowded one.< ti e other, as at present.
It would, as stated, obviate all necessity
of maintaining a pridse, with the vexa
tious delays incidental to its irequent
OpCQlor, which are becoming worse and
worse 83 travel in the estuary increases.
The expense of fitting the tracks lor both
gauges and of connecting the present
line* would be small. In fact the travel
ing public would be greatly ommoded by
tue increased facilities afforded, and it ia ;
difficult to see what objection can be
offered to the proposition.
Held to Answer.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 31.— GnsUve
Mulier, the clam-digger who filled thelegß
of a Mongolian fellow-toiler with shot the
other day, has been held in $1000 bonds to
answer the charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. Muiler insists that he had no
intention of shooting the Chinaman, and
that hwonly fired the gun to empty the
barrels of mud which had accidentally got
it o them.
Mrs. Blollift Hagan.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 3L — Mrs.
Molhe Hagan, who died yesterday from
fever contracted in the San Francisco
City Pris >n while waiting the result of
wounds inflicted upon her husband by
herself, was formerly a resident ol Ala
meda, and her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Louis Homeier, «?HI reside here.
>otes.
The regular monthly meeUnz of the Labor
Exchange will taite place this evening.
R. B. Tappan Is somewhat Improved to-day,
though last night v was given out that he was
dead.
Rev. Mr. Lace?, the new rector of Christ
Church, is expected to arrive in tnis city to
night.
- Ah Ten, a thieving Chinaman who stole a
horse and wagon, will have his preliminary
examination next Wednesday.
The ten-day revival services at the Santa
Clara Avenue Methodist Church will close
this evening. They have been very successful.
Librarian Harbourne and Library Trustee
Allen nava been down to Ha> wards to give
the benefit of their experitnea toward the or
ganization of a public library in that place.
CALL FOR FOOTBALL MEN.
Captain Haskell of the Berkeley
Team Files a List of
Eiigib'es.
He Makes an Appeal to All Able-
Bodifd College M n to Turn
Out and Practice.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 31.— Captain
Haskell of the University of California
football team has taken time by the fore
lock, and if there is any virtue in a long
season of training in preparation for the
annual intercollegiate match, he seems I
determined to reap the benefit. To-day I
he posted a list of 125 young college men |
from all four classes whose physical meas
urements and general muscular strength
quaiify them lor football playing. In his J
appeal to them he declares that all who
are able to encage in sport as violent an
football should for the sake of their col
lege come out and try for the team.
"We must have men from which to pick
our team," says he, '"and I will promiso
every one who comes out a chance to
learn the game and pienty of chances to
show ms ability. It depends upon the
determination of those whose names are
mentioned in the list whether »hey sue- j
ceed at the tame or not. If any one j
whose name I have mentioned has reason
fur not coming out I wish ne would please
let me know it."
Though about twenty men have been |
coming out regularly for practice at kick- j
in.' and running with the ba 1 for thret or ;
four weeks, this is the first general call
that has been made this year.
In fact, there has never before in the
history of intercollegiate matches on this
coast been a demand for men so early in
the season. The Berkeley men will p it- '.
tern somewhat after the Eastern college \
athletes, and train moderately for five or
Biz months rather than violently jor six
wi cks or two month-*, as b»s been the ;
custom. This new plnn is largely credited ■
to Charles P. Xott, the Brown ex-captain, j
who is now a student at Berkeley, and '
who assisted Butterworth last season.
Kott will probably be the only coach ;
Berkeley will have for the coming tea
son.
Following is the list of men to whom a
call has been issued for serving in the
loo; bill ranks:
P. G. Allen, W. \Y. Arkley, W. P. Austin.
11. S. Avery, J. \V. Barnes, G. 1. Battelle, G. \V. I
Beatty, 11. C. Be dine, E. H. Benjamin, R. \V.
Bender, E. H. Birds&ll, W. O. Beasingame, J.
C. Brand, G. L>. Brehm, C. R. Broughlon, Hall
Caitluhun, S. Champliu, A. 8. Chcsebrougn,
A. L. Chicitcring, A. J. Cioud, E. E. Christen
ben, E. A. Claussen, v. Ciaussen, H. M.
Cooper, H. V. Cornish, J. W. Craig. V. H,
Crais. E. E. Deeato, G. L. Dexter, C. Dibble, H.
N\ Dickie. F. H. Bailer, I. Do mm, G.
IVlisle, E. H. Bonnell. F. W. Dorn, W.
Downing, E. W. Drive, Wil iam Durbrow, L.
F. Eaion. G. W. EJdy, J. C. 11. Edwards.
William EJe, F. F. Ellis. F. R. Faircni.d, F. F.
Foster, W. A. Foster, L. B. Gear, 11. 11. Gelsen
dorfer. M. S. Goad, D. GooJale, X. Ford, H. \V.
Gibbons, F. J. Greisburst. I.W. Hail, A. L. Hart,
J. M. II eks, P. E. Hicks, E. Heisernian, L.
Hochetiieir, H. E. Hooper, 1,. Hodgslcius, J.
Hopper, A. F. Hughes, \V. F. Hind*, R. Hannn.
a. 11. Jeaten, L \v. Jeuett, G. W. Jelian, L.
Ka rsbcrg, G. \V. Kavaneujfh, E. Krug, \V. D.
LhiJil, R. .-:. LeviiiFon, J. G. Luudin, R. H.
Ludlord, G. H. Masters, If. J. Mayer, L. Miller,
11. K. .Moore, J. B. MfNabb, W. W.
Merriam, J. L. Merry, A. J. Molera,
W. F. Mooney, F. I* Morris, I. J. Mumma, H. F.
Munsou, P. M. Kewbdll, W. Newman, M. \V.
O'Dell. E. W. Oliver, E. J. Pearce, Cupid W.
PocK, A. E. Perrr, A. C. PMge, O. 11. Powers,
W. C. Riley, W. Maeree, P. Ollson, W. E. Saner,
L N. Scott, J. R. Selfridge, C. Seylor, \V. A.
hheidon, J. M. Symmes, C. A. Smith, E. T.
Smith. C. T. Smythe, G. E. Spence. 11. Spencer,
M. btedman, N. W. Tompsou, C. G. Toland, «i.
Van feohaiclt. H. L. Waste, H. M. Webster, J. R.
Whipnle, C. J. Wlilsoa, J. 11. Wlnklcr, O. Wolff.
A. L. Runicy.
Mill More Candidates.
BERKELEY, Cal.. March 31.—Candi
dates for the secretaryship of tue Board
of Regents are cropping up in every di
rection. In addition to Professor E. J. <
Wickson, Dr. W. 0. Bartlett and W. A.
McKeown, who have been in the field lor
several' months, the names of Theodore
Wagner, Warren Cheney, Oscar G. Dor
nin Jr. and J. L. Scotcnlcr were Known
to-day as aspirants for the place. All of
tue candidates are well known and influ
ential men, and because of the number
seeking the position a hot fight lor it is
anticipated. The election will take place
on the second Tuesday in April.
Want a Frofeg»or.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 3L— Since
the added endowment has been made by
the Legislature to the university Danish
citizens of the State have been circulating
a petition to be presented to the .board of
regents asking that the study of the
Danish language bo made a part of the
university curriculum. If the board
passes favorably on the petition it will
mean that a new professor will be ap
pointed. . . "
Brief News ltemi. . ;
M. W. WHkitiF, who was a delegate to the
Populist convention at St. Louis last yetr, will
lecture before the Berkeley Socialists at
Pythian hall to-morrow evening. ,
Dr. J. S. Eastman and wife left for the East
last evening, to do gone for three or four
months. The doctor intends pursuing special
study in medicine while away.
Mrs". Charles Mills Gay ley and children left
this evening on the overland for Detroit, Mich.
She will remain there tor- about six weeks,
when the Professor will join her ou his way to
Europe. a-.;'; '■■! '"- ■■'■• t
The election of editor and manager of '99's
Blue and Gold will lake place to-morrow. Mil
ler, Fryer and mines ate the nominees for
en tor, and Franklin, Ely and McDutlie for
manager. • ■
The ; newly organized lodge of Modern Tro
jnns in South Beikeley is preparing for a grand
entertainment to be given at South' Berkeley
I Hall on the evening of April 3 under the di
rection of Proiessor Alfred Wilkle. -..
. The Geological Society of America of which
Dr. Joseph Le Con te is president has issued a
jiam Dhie t continuing his i address on'"Eunh
crust Movements and their Causes,'* delivered
bi fjte tne society ou the 29tn of last l>ecem
i ber. •
The following new officers of Lodge 21, Herr
m*DU'» Sons,- have been elected for 'lie ensu
ing term: President, Charles Boko'sky; vice
resident, - K. Paacb ; - recording secretary, L.
auterbiicb; rlannclal secretary, Mr. 15okh«rt ;
treasurer." H. Trieder; trustees— U. Overman,
fits Meyer, Mr. Pinlg. .:;■ ; : .v : . ' ' ;'„ ,
DAVIE`S REIGN
IS NOW ENDED
The Ex-Mayor's Term Ren
dered Valueless Because
of Opposition.
Two Years of the Most Ridicu
lous Government Oakland
Ever Knew.
With Mayor Thr ma>* Advent There Is
Scm.3 Hope for Harmony and
Manicpal Progress.
Oakland Offic? San Francisco Call,)
9<iß Broadway, March 31. J
John L. Davie vacated the Mayor's
office to-night, and to-morrow morning
.Captain W. R. Thomas will assume the
duties of chief executive of this city.
The career of Mr. Pa vie has been one of
great interest. Had he met with the sup
port ol the Council and Beard of Public
Works, such as a Mayor has a right to ex*
pect, his administration would have been
one of marked success and progress. As
it is, Oakland has straggled along daring
the past two years, but has added nothing
to her ditcnity or her prosperity. ~
Mr. Davie was unfortunate from the
start. He was elected to office by one of
those peculiar freaks of politics common
to this city. His opponent, J. W. Nelson,
Dad the indorsement and nomination of
everything in the city but the People's
party. Had the Populist vote been ac
corded the Councilmen as it was the
Mayor, there would have been harmony
at the City Hal , and John L. Davie would
have ranked as one of the greatest Mayors
Oakland ever had.
When future history ii read, however,
the administration that closed at mid
night will be viewed as one of the most
useless and ridiculous known. The fail
ure to do anything of value by the gov
ernment just passed away is due partly to
the personal feeling shown on both sides.
Annoyed at finding himself impotent
I against the attacks and policy of his po
litical enemies, Mr. Davie was forced in a
measure to strike back in the same man
ner in which he was assailed. This kind
of warfare invariably grows until it be
comes absurd. It was so in this case, and
for the past two years Oakland's muni
c pal .government has been the laughing
stock of the State.
One of Mr. Davie's most praiseworthy
acts was to insist on a low tax levy at a
time when business was stagnant and
everybody was comparatively poor. For
doing this he was at once assailed as being
j the tool of the bankers and corporations.
I This, however, is not just, and many men
who have just vacated their offices cannot
look back on as consistent a record as that
of the ex-Mayor.
One of his most bitter enemies has been
I ex-President Mott of the Council. But
' the records show that Mott's policy has
i changed many times, while that of the
! Mayor has been comparatively uniform.
The last act of the Council is typical of its
whole term of office. It passed an ordi
nance, Mr. Mott assisting, over the veto of
; Mayor Davie. This ordinance ives ex
; elusive" right to a large portion of the city
, wharf to one firm, and the Mayor pro
duces the charter to prove that. this is
illegal. : ••- ••-■■ - . '■'
Some «time ago' Mr. Mott, 0 as one of a
I special committee appointed by the Mer
i chants' Exchange, signed, a report which
'states in very forcible language that the
letting of the exclusive right to the city
wnarf would be a detriment to the com
mercial interests of the city.
Partly guided by this report. Mayor
Davie framed his veto, and, in his desire
j to show bis personal animosity .to the
! Mayor, Councilman Mott voted against
j his own signed advice. -
Under these conditions the city is to be
I congratulated that such an administra
| tion has passed away. To-morrow morn
'■ ing an out-and-out Republican Mayor
will take charge of Oakland. He has a
i Republican majority in every branch of
i the city government, and, having de
| cared that it is his intention' to work in
harmony with ail the departments, there
is now a probable certainty that the scan
| dals of the last two years will not be re
i peated. __ ____________
HAS A GOOD INCOME.
Dr. G. C. Pardee Holds the Receipts
From the Widow.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 31.— Dr. George
C. Pardee stated to-day that the plea 'of
the widow of his father, that she was re
quired to take in boarders to enable her to
live, is not borne out by t be facts.
Dr. Pardee made tho following state
ment:
My father has been dead now six months.
Mrs. pardee has, by order of court, bsen paid
$1800— $300 per month— and I nave receipts
tor ttie same. This allowance still continues,
and is for her support and maintenance. All
other expenses, such as taxes, etc , have been
paid out of the estate, and the $300 per
month "family allowance" is for her own per
sonal u«> i- and support.
Nearly Scorched to Hit Dttath.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 31. — Rev.
George \V. Beatty, pastor of the Chester
street M. E. Church, nearly lost his life
last Monday, and is now coniined to his
bed, very badly bruised and cut. The
minister was scorching down a hill near
Livermore, on his wheel. He lost control
of the machine and was picked up badly
injured.
Fire at Temescal.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 31.— There was
t> lire this afternoon in a hay barn at
Temescal. The flames spread to some ad
joining houses and assistance was asked
from tins city. An engine and hose com
panies were sent out and subdued the fire.
The barn is a total loss and some houses
were badly damaged.
AN ATTORNEY REBUKED.
Judge Bahrs Declares W. T.
Baggett's Words Unprc
lessional.
An Exciting Episoie in ths Superior
C urt— G neral Barnes' B and
Smile.
William T. Bagpett, the well-Known at
torney of Kale & Norcross fame, was
"called down" by Judge Bahrs of the
Superior Court yesterday in a manner
that sent the blood mounting to the roots
of the lawyer's hair and left the audience
in the courtroom with open mouths.
In the trial of the case of Paul against
the Geary-street, Park and Ocean Railway
Company, an action for damages /or in
juries sustained by t -i6 plaintiff in an ac
cident on one of the corporation's cars.
Mr. Raggett tepresen'.ed the plaintiff and
W. H. L. Barnes the defendant.
There has been more or les? friction
The ' foe-simile ■ Vt^ /£&/>_» _■? *** " "on every wrapper
signature of : C£a&ffi<U<&4Z of C ASTORIA,
Auction Sales
STREET & CRESSWEIL,
General Auctioneer-*. 927 Market Street
groceries! gro cries.
TO-DAY (THURSDAY), APRIL. 1, 1897
At 11 o'clock a. M- we will sell
At 311 Franklin Street, C»r. Ivy Aye.,
'1 he contains of a well-stocked Grocery etore. in-
cluding assortment of Wines. Liquors cordials
and Cigars: also fine Bar; large Mirror: Coffee
Mill, etc. Advautage to dealers to attend tbla sa c.
Terms cash. A. 1.. CRr SsffK i.i . Auctioneer
between the court and the attorney for the
plaintiff, the latter persisting in asking
questions that Judge Bahrs evidently did
not think permissible. Finally, when the
attorney had repeated a question that had
been objected to a second time, Jndjje
Bahrs suddenly looked hard at Mr. Bdg
gett and said :
"Mr. Ba^gett, that last remark is unpro
fe-sional."
The attorney was on his feet in an
instant with a very red lace, but Judge
iJahr- went calmly on:
"Earlier in this case you said something
that was unprofessional, but I let it pass,
hoping that you would not repeat it. "You
have seen fit to do so, and I cannot ignore
it a second time."
Mr. Baggett again tried to interpose, but
Judce Bahrs was not through, and he
continued:
"You know yourself, and no one knows
better tlian you, that such language is un
professional. lam sure that if the mat
ter was brought to the attention of the
Supreme Court that tribunal would sus
tain my position, and I aru willing at any
time to leave it to a jury of my feliow-
Judges and abide by their decision.
"I shall allow no sucn language to ba
used in my court, and I trust that you
will not again repeat the remarks to
which I have been compelled, in uphold
ing the dignity of this court, to refer."
Attorney Baggett made, a few remarks
m which he disclaimed any intention of
offending the court, and said that his
motive in asking the question had not
been understood.
Judge Babrs listened until he had
finished and then said quietly:
"Proceed, gentlemen."
The -mile on Attorney Barnes' face
while the scene described was being en
acted was childlike and bland.
TO THE SAN MATEO LINE.
Boulevard to Be Pushed Thither
. From Golden Gate
, Park.
If Horsemen and Cyclists Will Assist,
a Splendid Enterprise May B;
Consummated.
Those who are contributing to the
boulevard fan <, in addition to aiding
their deserving; fellow-creatures by giving
hem employment, are alao contributing
to make for San Franciico a most at
tractive driveway.
The $14,021 already subscribed will
about half- finish the boulevard. To leave
such a proposed boulevard half-finished
would not do justice to San Francisco's
reputation. Those of the citizens who
have the time should visit the scene of
operation and see for themselves the
grandeur of the work already done.
Now that there are 700 men at work tne
daman. l on the treasury becomes greater
than it was during he earlier period.
Nearly one-half of the total amount sub
scribed has been paid out,: leaving the
small sum of about $7000 in the hands of
til-- committee to complete a $14,000 job. °
The citizens who have contributed to
this fund deserve great credit, while nt
the same time greater praise should be
bestowed upon the relief committee,
which has worked hard for the success of
the movement to give employment to the
wort ny men of San Francisco, and now
well it has succeeded can be attested by
the grand driveway which is all but com
pleted ' for near two miles. The relief
movement has been wonderfully success
iul as la* as :> it has por.e, but it must be
understood there are more than 1000 appli
cants for work who have not yet been
given any chance, for the simple reason
that all who apply cannot be accommo
dated at once.
. There has been careful management of
the movement, and especial pains have
been taken in reference to the most de
serving families. It is the intention of the
committee to give each worthy applicant
at least fourteen days' employment, and
new men are being placed on each day in
order that as many as can may be as
sisted while the money holds out.
By this rule the employment of all ap
plicants is made possible lor fourteen
days' work. The relief committee is en
deavoring' to provide all head* of needy
families with work, vet there are many
among the laborers who are really unable
to do a full day's work, even for a dollar.
Some of them are too aged or too i 1 or in
firm to do manual labor, yet are needy,
and in some cases destitute, yet the relief
committee is doing all .in its power to aid i
them. .
The first coating of macadam was spread
over a portion of the boulevard yesterday.
This is taken from the land of the Spring'
Valley Water Company, between the park
and Lake Honda. A roadway twenty feet
wide will be made in the center of the
boulevard as the grading progresses, and
later the entire width will be thoroughly
macadamized.
It is the invention of the committee to
push this boulevard as far as the county
line to San Mateo before stopping, if the
citizms will respond with, sufficient
money.;
Three blocks of '.his boulevard are al
ready complete on the park end, travelers
| leaving X street by Late Honda through
I a portion of the Aimshouse tract to where
the present work has been commenced.
That portion where op rations are ; now.
going on is not difficult, as the greater
portion runs througn loose sand and soft
soil, whereas the northern end will be
much more tedious in consequence of the
deep filline over the pond and. the heavy
cutting on the west side of the Spring
Valley works' property west of the creek.
An appeal has been made to the stable
men and the directors of the Ingieside
racecourse, as also to the wheelmen, to
subscribe what they can so that the relief
committee will be in a position to. put
more men to work by Monday.
The collections at the close of yesterday
stood: • ,""', . r--:- : >
Heretofore acknowledged $13,901 90
August H.Aubln... .....;. 7 b)
K. i* He11er.............. V.. ............. 600
Ca5h....:....:.....................;...... 5 to
Ca5h.......... ..:, 1 to
Cash " 100
Union Iron Works. .."....•.... 100 00
Grand t0ta1.... ........... (14,021 40
• — ♦ ♦
Bought Stock nf a Defunct Bank.
, Oa, November 3, 1892, Mrs. K. A. D&nielsen
of Los Angeles purchased thirty-six shares of
Btoclc of | the j City Bank of Los Angeles' from
George • P. oakum. At the | time of | the pur
chase the bank was a defunct institution, but
the woman did not learn that such was the
case until her. personal property was seized
a year later to justify the claims of eighty of
the bank's creditors, the proportion of the lia
bilities on her stock being $984 10. This she
paid, but she sued Yoakum for the recovery oi
the money she had paid to him for the siocic
■ and the money she had paid out, the $984 10.
The . first she recovered by judgment, but the
latter she could not recover, although the lia
bilities accrued previous to her purchase. The
I Supreme Court yesterday be<a that as Mrs:
Danielsen paid the $984 10 voluntarily there
was no cause, for action, and the decision of
of the lower court was affirmed. "
. -^ . - - ■ •■ ■ ._■ -■■-■."- *
BiSCB AECTIOI COIPAJI Inc..
,319-331 SUTTUU STBKEX,
Bet. Grant Aye. and Stockton St. Tele. GrantB7.
Grand Auction .-a'eTllls DAY, Tbursdar, April *
1. 1897, at In :r.O a if., at above salesrooms: Par-
lor :-ets and Odd 2'ieces. Couches, Be.) Lounges,
Mirrors. I'ic ores Bedroom Set*. Folding Beds,
Odd Bureaus and Beds: - \\'tr«. Box. Wool, .-ilk:
Floss and Hair Top Mattresses; Pillows, Blankets,
*-preads, Bed .Linen, Lace Curtains. Portieres, etc..
Mcietoards. en^ion Tables Chairs, Chiffoniers,
Buff is. Hat-racks. Dinner and Tea .sets. Crocker/
and tilasswa c, 400t) yards Can et, -"tovfs. Kan<es,
Agate and tin W'ae. S RASiH, Auctioneer.
LIGHT TO SHINE
ALONG THE ROADS
Park Commissioners Have
Decided to Erect a
Power- House.
It Will Cost $40,000 to Make
the Driveways Bright
as Day.
The Museum Has Surpassed Al Others
in the United States in Attend
ance and Growth.
o
The Park Commissioners have decided
to light up the Golden Gate Park with
powerful electric arc lamps.
The matter has been discussed for some
time, and the decision was reached on
Saturday afternoon. Everything i* to be
arranged botn in the most improved and
the mo»t economical way.
The park will have a power-hcuse to
generate the electricity within the grounds.
The plans have been drawn and accepted,
and work will comrnenco in about three
weeks. These plans were furnished by
Commissioner Irving M. Scott free of
charge, and thus the first move in the
improvement is characterized by economy.
The power-house wilt be situated near
the water-works plant of the park, and it
will have sufficient capacity to light up all
the main driveways. All the important
machinery will be in duplicate so that in
case of derangement of one part the other
can instantly be set to work, ami keep tne
lights shining. The wires will be laid un
derground, and everything will be done
In the most modern style. It is estimated
that the total cost will be about £35,000 to
$40,000.
T..e details of the number and the loca
tion of the lamps have not yet been de
culed on, but there will be a capacity in
the power plant much beyond what tha
first development wiil require. Provision
is ihus made fur a gradual extension of
the illumination. When the plan is fully
carried out horses and bicycles can ba
speeded clear to the ocean beech on moon
le-s nights in a flood of dgnt that will
make an outing suie and pleasant.
Last Tuesday was the second anniver
sary of the founding of tne park museum,
and it has made a mo-a remarkable rec
ord. Many people iiere will periiaps bo
surt nsed to learn that, th- attendance at
this museum was larger in iwt-lv** months
than at any other in the United States. In
round numbers the annual attendance
was half a million. Even at the Govern
ment museum at Washington the attend
ance fell short of this by about 200,000.
In the two years of its existence it has
exceeded in the value of the treasures ac
cumulated tlie collections of any other
museum in the country, not merely for
two years, but for ten.
It is wort, y of note that among that
wist crowd oi half a million visitors not
one has ever injured any of the articles
displayed nor misbehaved so as to make
arrest necos.-iiry. The curator thicks this
is a remarkable record for a half million
people to make.
A very fine addition has just been made
to the attractions of the mn-euiu in a
donation of a collection of rare and valo
ao!e articles from M. H. de Young of San
Francisco. The tirst in interest is a mag-
I nificent silver "Ivanhoe Shield." designed
and modeled by the Inie C. B. Birch,
A.R.A.. which has j:i3t arrived from Eng
land. It is ornamented in Celtic style,
and the cente? plaque repre-ents the
combat between Ivanhoe and Bois Guil
bert. The live small plaques surround
ing it contain the heads of Kowena, Re
becca, Coeur de Lion, Cedric and Ivanhoe.
Next in beauty is a marble siatue.
"Etc," by Lauret de Broussei. This ia
from Paris. Also from Paris there is ft
fauteuil, or arm chair, hand carved and
gilt, upholstered in crimson velvet, of the
period of Louis XIII. Other articles of
the collection are an antique clock and
some ancient sword guards inlaid with
gold and silver.
SOCIALISM`S MESSAGE
Rev. S. Gocdenough's Lecture
at the Turk-Street
Temple.
Exposition of the Principles and
Beliefs of the So
cialists.
A large audience, despite the unfavor
able weather, was present lest night at
the Turk-street Temple at the lecture
given by Rev. S. Goodenough, tne Popu
list nominee for Mayor at the late city
election in Oakland. Th« reverend gen
tleman received quite an ovation as be
stepped to the platform. His subject was
"The Message ol Socialism to Humanity."
Mr. Goodenough said:
Socialism indorses the fundamental princi
ples of the Declaration of Indeoendenre. It
invites the co-operation of every ind:>Mnal,
but asks no man to efface himself. SociiUism
1 is not self-surrender. On the contrary, It aims
1 at tbe unfolding of the divine character in
' humanity while it recognizes the need ot
proper conditions. It is essentially a humane
j raetsage, and eminently scientific as well as
fraternal, believing that there can be no real
or permanent advance in civilization that is
notgeueral in its character which would er
" ait man in the enjoyment f f his liberty and
\ remove all obstacles in the shape of exist
ing inequalities to the common futhvrhood
■ of God ana the univorsal brotherhood of man.
Christ was the most practical man that ever
; lived -when he said, "Stall ye first the kingdom
, of Gnd and bi< righteousness and all these
i things snail be added to you."
' The speaker was frequently interrupted
1 by applause, which was continued for sev
\ eral minutes as he finished his address.
* — ♦ ■»
The Vatican contains 208 staircasps and
1 1010 iliffT<"nt rooms.
aJDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 HEABSYKT. Established
i in 18S>4 for the treatment of Private
Dtetiwn, lKist hood. Debility or
I disease wearing on body and mlndand
BScin Diseases, 'I'bedoctorcureswheu
others fall. • Try him. Charges low.
|€*ure«jruataant«-«'d. Callorwrita.
] f J>r. J. V. tiif BBQ>. Bos 1957. San FrancUo*
1112
STUDYING THE PLANT
AT NILES CANYON
Supervisors Spend a Day
Looking Over Spring
Valley Property.
Trip by Boat and Buggy to
Bedrock Dam and Return
by Rail.
Chief Engineer Schussler Explains
Hew Alameda Creek So'; Vis
toe Problem-
01 the Supervisors only Dr. Dodge
missed the boat at Folsom-street wharf
yesterday morning bound for Dumbarton
Pomt — the party going to Niles to inspect
the Spring Valley Water Company's
supply and plant at tfcat place. Mayor
Fhelan also was not on board. The boat
was the tup Vigilant, and the party, when
she ran away from the wharf at&:3o, num
bered twenty-lour. There was Chief En
ginesr Scdussler and three or four assist
ants, the Supervisors and their sergeant
at-arma, three or four guests and newspa-
pernien.
The run down the bay was very pleasant
as tho morning was perfect and rapid
time was made, the thirty miles to Dura
btrton being covered in an hour and fifty
minutes. At Dumbarton Point the bay
is less than a mile wide and here the
crossing is made by the company with
their submarine pipes. Mr. Schussler ex
plained the system to the Supervisors,
how the 36-pioe lhat comes down from
ICiles is divided, before the plunge into the
bay is taken, into two 1G inch pipes, how
provision is made here for preventing re
fuse of any character from passing into the
submarine pipe* and how by dividing the
pipes, that is by having two instead of
one for the lons stretch under the bay,
one may be shut off and the straining ap
paratus cleaned without interrupting tue
flow toward San Francisco.
The inspection here being concluded
the parly walked on to Jarus Slough over
the wooden footpath above the big pipe,
which is here suspended above the swamp.
At the slough— where the pipe again drops
under water — the party was ferried to the
other side, and there found a variety of
onen two-horse rigs awaiti; g thpm. In
these they were driven through Newark
to the Alameda Creek near that point,
and thence to Centervillo and uregory's
Hotel. H?re the long procession rounded
up ana took dinner and rented lor an
hour. Then the ride was resumed to
Niles, where a special engine and car
stood in readiness to carry the party up
the canyon to a point as near the com
pany's cam as possible. A walk ci half a
mile single tile over the stone aqueduct
brought the party to Bedrock Dam, where
the water of the crej?k is diverted through
the aqueduct and pipes to Belmont pumps.
Standing here Mr. Schussler explained
how the watersheds <>l tli.s mountainous
district would, by more dams and proper
husbanding, afford an increa«inc suppy
of water and particularly solve tue water
question for San Francisco. With greater
demands new pipes would have to be laid
and with them other submarine pipes.
The present pipes having crossed the bay
to Ravens wood follow the public ro.id
neariy all the way to the pumping station
at Bt'lmont, and new pipes would proba
bly follow the same course.
The party returned to the car and were
carried speedily to t c Oakland Mole, and
all declared having spent a day of profi.
able inspection of one branch of the big
and complicated water plant.
CARPENTERS' DISTRICT COUNCIL
A Long, Loud Proie»t Over Police Offi
cers Doing Craftsmen* Work.
There was a large attendance at the
meeting of the District Council of Carpen
ters and Joiners at 102 O'Farrell street last
evening. The principal business discussed
v.as that of the members ot the Police De
partment working as carpenters, plumb
ers, painters, etc.
The arguments were the same aa those
heretofore advanced that patrolmen
should not be required to perform such
services while they are receiving pay at
$100 per month to patrol the streets and
protect citizens and property. Every po
liceman thus employed keeps one or more
men who follow these trades for a living,
from earning his daily bread.
For the majority of carpenters in this
C>ty times are Hard at best and there are
many more workingmeu than there are
positions.
The Dosltion of the Chief of Police is
that the work now being performed by
patrolmen must be done, and that th*>
reason policemen are made to do carpen
tenneand tinkering generally is be on use
the Supervisors have not provided any
money for the payment of regular crafts
men. Tne Supervisors plead that the cis
not enough money to go around, and, as
usual, the workingman is made to nuffer.
An effort will be made by the committee
of the District Council to secure another
hearing before the Supervisors and see if
something can be done to have regular
carpentars employed for city work ana
th« polic\ sent back to their teats.
During the coming week an able speaker
from the carpenters' ranks will be sent to
Han Jose with a view of arousing a little
more life among the unions of the Garden
City ana the Santa Clara Valley.
MILL VALLEY SANITARIUM.
An Inktltution on New Lines to Be
Founded for Convalescents.
Several of the prominent pnysicians of
'this City have come together and formed
a body, which will soon be incorporated
under the title of the "Mill Valley Sani
tarium Company," organized for tne pur
pose of instituting a sanitarium for the
convalescent in Mill Valiey.
- The need of such an institution, these
practitioners claim, ha 3 been long felt.
U'ney have been in the habit of sending
such of their patients as could afford it to
one of the private hospitals in tne out
skirts of Ban Francisco, but believe, and
so state, that a sanitarium is much
needed where salients can s*cure the ad
vantages of the pure country air and all
the exhilarating influence that accrue
from living as near as possible to nature.
For the purpose of a sanitarium tbe
hotel at Mill Valley, a building of forty
rooms, has been leased, and all arrange
ments in this respect were completed
about two months ago. The idea is to
make it as near as possible like a German
resort, and it is estimated that to do so
will cost those interested from $50,000 to
$60,000.
In connection with the sanitarium use
will be made of the mud springs in the
vicinity, of known efficacy in certain dis
eases. They contain, it lias been deter
mined by chemical analysis, silica, mag
nesia and other elements of a hygienic
quality.
Amonc those mentioned es interested
in the sanitarium are: Jjr. Charles A.
Clinton, Dr. Joseph R. Davidson, Dr. yon
Hoffman and £. SteHe of Mill Valley.
Each member has 200 shares. Seven di
rectors will soon be chosen.
The leaf of Ihc cocoanut trie is nearly
thirty feet Ion?. A single leaf of the para
sol magnolia of Ceylon affords shade ior
fifteen or twenty persons.
50TEL AEEIVALS.
PALACK HOTEL,
W J Green & w, Utlca HlKyder. N Y
« Carr. London F M. Borden, Phlladel
Mrs A Martin, Sacto Mrs Border. Philadelphia
W Sylvester, St Louis O Robertson. Glasgow
A Perry, bath J s Hawley, N V
Mrs J S Hawley, NY ■ OR Steams, Mass
Miss Mlnott, Mass Mrs. st urns, Mass
A Wood, Syracu«e Miss M Wood. Syracuse
Mrs B Garey, R I M X Garey, X I
Mrs F A Smith, -V V X H Steams. Boston
M Scudder, St Louis ; Mrs R fleams. Boston
Mrs -M scudder. « Louis C Daley, -i Louis
Mrs C Daley, M Louis E RoCkwood & w, Buff
Miss Rockwood, Buffalo Mrs Mwyiham, Hurlaio
Mis* Mavtham, Buffalo F Maytbain, Buffalo
H Davis A w, i. out J Knielit & w, N V
M S Grenbau ni, l.a F Stephenson, N V
Mrs s M Lyon Brooklyn J Pitcher <t w. U 8 A
W M Morton, N H c Miss s Campbell, D C
J J Norton, N H apt W Pitcher, USA
J Dundee <fe w, onlo J List * w. Seattle
Mrs G Helm. N J Mm E uifTord, 21 J
X Sweeney, Seattle J Bennett, Boston
Mrs J Hume. Los Gatos tC Kldridge, Utah
F Crandail & w, Mich Mrs -McLaughlin, Cal
Miss Crandall. Mich Miss McLaughlio, Cal
X M Dyer, Pittsburg II Lord, Ptttsbur*
J French & w, Mich R Wlbb A w, Mich
W Wllletis & w, Mich J Van .-aum. N V
Miss Wiliets, Mich > J Bondlmore, Chicago
H Ryder, > if JU Bunco <& w, Chicago
r . : BUSS HOUSE.
E T Downing, Nev CII Snow, B C „
S J French. .VZ ' G D MCCIOUd, Idßho
W D Keyser, Pleta Mrs A B . oby, hio i
J I- Harmon. re. a J A Johnson, Elmira
W V Tukey, Me W B Vineyard * w, Cisco
O H Hllbert, Flacerville Hi,BorgwttrdtJr,Picrviie
A II Greeley, Placerville It C Pearson, Stockton
li F hucker, wan Jose (> I Keyser, Slsson
R Hurlburt. Redwood X telusser, bantu Ron*
F T Chad wick. Redding O B Saylul, lied Bluff
Miss li Clark, Fresno M O Armstrong, Lou Ang
J Burke, UkUh JsMorutjoruei .-i w, lowa
II Ballard. Merced C T ho«ers & w, Mich •
P \V s-everson. Portland A M Barclay, Portland
Miss B Bowers, Portland Mrs X Jt* Taylor. Por timid
J B Gallagher. Key G C Smith, Santa Maria
A McCleod, Nev ' C Summers. Blsuop
A Evans, Nev . A B Smith. Denver
C O McQuestin, Forest W X Marvev, Hoptand
J U Ward, Badlands Mis, M r. Keyser, Pieta
KFDe Camp, Willlts F W Yonree, Willow*
U Sandier, lowa A Klupper. Idaho
WJJio cbkiss,HealdsbrgH Hardy. Hacker
T Hull, Baitersfieid Maria Reynolds, R I '
Til Siurtevant, Bessie E .>]niik, X I
G T Keyser, S.sson , Lucr«tia s Reynolds, R I
G Davis, Brent wood Miss Gould. Oakland
J A Johnson, h'lmlra • J Tasse!l, Bute
W McArtnur, Sis-ton H X Musi, >nelllng
J F Cooper, Sacramento T R Butts, ■Mit-lil.ig
Mm A L George, UKlah X D Helnirjann.San Diego
J i. Kear.sins, N J J A Engle, Missouri
L Rlckabaugu. Cal Mrs T H Carter. Keno
M Nokmo«Pr & wf, Sac G 31 c Lane. Stockton
Misses Fen: e!i,sa!em,Or P H Noonan, •• anta Rosa
J Seeniai). Garden Grove G L McCastoi&w.Topeka
W A Dyer. Orange E C Coa;ei. New Yoik
SJohnson.GurdenGrov Mrs Bertha Berliner, Sac
T Lindsay, Nevada J > runz.ir, Nevada
LICK HOUSE,
illss l.&nghman, Nevada Miss M. Caspar, Nevada
City City
\V * May. Grass V alley C A McCarthy, N V
W J Pikley.CorteMadera H Pendergast, Pokegama
A Ollogi:i, MUpitas C C Valle. San U'-ko
Miss M Va'.le, San Diego is B Patrick, Visalia
T Goodrich, Santa Barb W 1. Cant hers, r»ta Rosa
JAStiowbridße.Portland a Camineiti, Jackson
F. O ale &w, LoJl N Del banco, PorUaud
W P Hatumatt, NY B 11 Upham, Martinez
J D Culp, san F.-lipe W H McMian San Jose
II M Crait, Agenda J I* Mauley, Ukiah
W W Carroll. Cal H M Harris & w, Sacto
J Jackson. Portland J Chaix.'Napa
D Auchambeau, Stocktn
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P C Mayford, Chicago G H Butler, Rio Vista
Pearl llathwuy, L Angls Lit; a Mathus, L Angeles
Q Adams, l oston W Boynton, Albany
C Stuart, Albany H Sld..e,. Troy, N V
Anne Watson, Troy.N YsJ Young seanle
I Lunn, Victori», SC DE Lundy, Victoria,BC
J W Eatou, Los Anceles H D Fddey, Los Angelei
JHtai ri, Los Angeles John P Irish, Chicago
M James, l.i. limoi.d. Ya H B Bollun, Sacmnto
M Pusins.is, Chicago B F Cambr >n, j.eiiO
J W Adams. Reno A E >»hep -rJ, Texas
J B Hue, Fayeite. Mo W F Bee, Fayette, Mo
A Smith. < ak and
KOTICE OF MEETINGS. '
lt:^> DORIC LODOK NO. 216. F. AND m
t*^ A. M.. . 121 Eddy Stated and Jk
caled meetini- Tills (TIUKMU)AVi V V
EVENING at 7 o'clock, sharp. Third de-/%f\
gree. Master Masons in good standing are in-
vited. By order of the v.*. M. *
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
B^5S» CALIFORNIA LODUE NO. 1, F. m '
S^-*' »nd A. M., will meet Tills A.
(THURSDAY) hVENI-.G, April 1, ai^V
7:30 o'clock.' Stated meeting. By order of f^rS
the ast«-r. FRANKLIN HDA btcretary.
|B--^s= YEKBA BUENA LODGE
i*^^ No. 15, i. O <>. i-. -Officer* and JSj^tßl
members art- rf Quested to be present -i!sjsB*S?
at the regul..r meeting THIS / wi»* r * .
EVENI.no. Initiation. Visiting
brothers cordially invi.ed.
M. S. JEFFEHS Jr.. W. G.
George L. Fkrham. Kecoidlni Secretary.
/ SrKCIAI, NOTICES.
Jt^-> THE FIRM OF KNOS <fc HKNAS HAY- J
i*~-»^ in? changed hands MR. F. S. l-.NOH will not '
be connected with snid firm on arid after April 1 as i
manager. The «ucceeding firm, M.-IIK.VAB «fc '
CO.. comprisingM AN UEL ItKNAS and GEORGE
E. BjWjiS, will continue the business.
•».. •. MAN I HEN AS,
: : GEORuE E. «OWEN.
St^Sf THEY SELL AiL KINDS OF DRY'
ES = -*' g)ods, hosiery, underwear, bedspreads,
i-iui-!.-., .in,.' covers, laces, embro.dery, linings,
trimmlnes, veilings, etc.. very cheap at. Pioneer
Dry-goods store, 106 Fifth su
pS" BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR «4:
■.EfjS' collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Monttry s'.., room 6: tel. 6580.
. SITUATIONS WANTED-FEJIALE.
TV UMBER OF GIRLS. ALL NATIONALITIES,
■±\ awal in? situations. » MRS. HIRD'S, 721
Ellis si., telephone Suiter 62.
(COMPETENT SWEDISH, ALSO FRENCH,
\J second girls with reference desire situations.
J. F. (ROSE IT A Co., i>l6 sutler.
(GERMAN EMPLOYMENT, 808 MASON ST.,
VT tel. main 6332, furnishes best help of all na-
tionalities. - •'."'.
"L""XPE«IENCEG LAUNDRESS AND HOUSE-
■I* cleaner wants work by the day; references.
MRS. BROWN. 602 Post St.
Situation WANTED BY GOOD GERMAN
cook. Call or address 122i£ Gilbert su
• "POSITION AS NURSE: THOROUGHLY UN-
X derslaudi the rare of children: good seam-
stress: best of references. A. M., lox *7. Call.- .
\V' ANTED— SITUATION AS BOOKKEEPER
• » or stenographer by competent young lady of
experience: small salary to b*;g:n|wuh expected. •
Address Stenographer, box 68, Call Office.
"yOUNG PARISIAN WIDOW DESIRE* PER-
X manent place a< working housekeeper in hotel !
or widower's home: no objection to country I
Rooms 10-1 L l^-i Post su
t •
COMPETENT, RELIABLE ' WOMAN DE- I
\J •slres a place io do work by the day, in private
family. (1 per day and carfare. 114 Fourth su,
room 43.
pOMPKTENT. NEAT GERMAN GIRL
\j wishes a good situation: plain cooking and
housework: wages $20; no children. :tiljy. De-
visudero si. •
KEFIXED YOUNG LADY WISHES POSI-
IX tion as nursegir!; thoroughly lienced with"
chi iJren: state wages. Addiess Miss J,, box 68.
Call Office. *
OUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
scneral housework in small family. Inquire
760 FoUom st. »
LADY THOROUGHLY EXPERIENCED IN
corset department wishes post ion in a store..
*.. X., 1001 Larklu St., between i"oat and Suiter.
FRENCH LADY WISHKS TO TAKE CARE
-I of chilureu, to board :or raise a baby. 426
Twenty-ninth st. Mission.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS WORK; GENERAL
C? housework; experienced.' Address or call 371
Minna st. .
SALE-LADY WISHES Ft SIMON IN Si ORE
or work In an office; reference. E. It., 10U4 I
Larkin si. v . • .
— i
STRONG WOMAN WANTS .WOKE BY THE i
day washing, bnuaecieaning, etc; wages $1. I i
Address M. D., box 89, (.all Office.
■yOUNG GIRL (Finland) WIHHES BITU- •
X atlon to do ceneml housework. Call at 1 Eliza-
beth st., near 1 hird and i'olsom.
OK 9^*441 SSI ON — slbscriptio.n;* AND
jLOAVI want ads taken for THE CALL.
SITUATION' WANTED BY GOOD GIRL IN
quiet family; Is r< od cook. Call 1206 L«guna.
"y OUNO LADY DKStRKS POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 26 -ixth St., room 6. •
MIDDLK.-AGED WOMAN WISHfcS ANY
li. kind of worn by the day. , 974 Folsom st. . ■■
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS A PLACE IN
*J country: is a good cook: will do some house-
work. 1116 Go-den date aye.
t^xpkrij:nced young lady to take I
XJ charge of lodging-house; no trifleri. 620 BusH
St.. room 12.
yoU.NOV JMAN WISHES PLACE TO DO
X light lious-wur. ; a gooc cook; city or Oakland;
wages 12 to $16. 811 Washington s'.., Oakland.
pOMIETE.NT CANADIAN ; GIRL WISHES
\J situation rs cook and tiousework in American
family: refeience. 527 Eddy >v
EXPERIENCED GERMAN LADY WISHES
Xv any kind of ' work by the day, $1 and car
fare. Address 222 1 ■• Fourth st, room 29.
T ANTRD- BY PETE NT YOUNG GIRL,
' » eeneral housework and cooking, $.0. ..Call or
address J. F., 100 Hnighi «v
('1 C JL.ARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
yXU CALX* bubacrlptloni and want ads taken.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1897.
FITUATIONS WASTED-
1 ADY OF ItEFINKMKNT DESIRES A PO-
-1 ' sition as a ludv's companion; would offer'
skillful medical treatment to an invalid. especialty
in cases which do not yield to the ordinary meth-
I ods of treatment; bits traveled extensively and
possesses -all the qualifl atlons to make herself
useful and pleasant; first-class references. H. A.
X., box 89, Call office.
yOUSO LADY WOULD LIKE PLACE TO
X assist a few hours a day for room and board;
good dressmaker. Address R. P., box 81, Call. ,
OOD COOK FOR BOARDING-HOUSE OR
GOOD COOK FOR BOARDING-HOUSE OR
family wishes situation: will do general house-
work: good laundress. 737 Howard St., room 25.
■\rOUNG LADY OF AN AMIABLE DISPOSI-
X tion desires a permanent position as house-
keeper in hotel. Widower's or Bachelor's home;
plain mending done. Room B, 120 Kills. Ist floor,
rear.
■\roU NO GEKMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE A
' X piece to do general house wo. k and assist with
cooking. 117 Eddy st-
RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
*XL the day, washing. Ironing or hoasecleanlug.
Please call or address 613 Pin« su
W COR. SIXTEENTH &T., NEAR Mia
sion; branch office of Tuj tAJJ. bub-
■Vriptlons and want ads taken.
pOMI'KTENT. RELIABLE WOMAN, PROT-
\J esiant, wishes to do general housework; city
ro country, Cal 1018 Howard St., top floor.
ITUATION WANTED BY AN ELDERLY
American woman on a ranch ; Is a good cook
arid baker. Addrest 136 Fifth st.. near Howard.
WANTED — POM I lON FOR GENERAL
IV housework: good laundress and good cook:
tit! to $16. .R. T.. box 160.. Call OKI cc.
•■\TEAT DANISH GIRL WISHES TO DO GEN-
X\ eral housework and plain cooking in dmall
family. Address C., 2626 Mission su
/-I ERMAN LADY WISHES PLACE AS
' ' housekeeper in Oakland, for widower with
small family or bachelor. Address 8., box 9. Call
Oihce. Oakland.
SITUATION WANTED IN CITY FOR PLAIN
cooking and housework; wages $20; best of
references. V.. box 12, Call Office, Oakland.
TIT ANTED— BY A RESPECTABLE WOMAN,
• » a situation as working housekeeper to a re-
spectable pany: experience and reference. 414
Forty- aye.. near Point Loboa, Sutro Heights.
/COMPETENT WOMAN.GOOD COOK, WISHES
V engagement to go out and cook by the day.
Address 2£61 Sixteenth si.
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
Munition to keep house or do general house-
work: Is a Kood plain cook; $10 to 912 ptr month.
601 Howard su
•VJ EAT, OBLIGING GIRL DESIRES A SITU-
-i.' nt ion as companion to an elderly lady: good
references. Address O. R.. box 44, Call ulllce.
■yOUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION A 8
X nurse or companion. Address or call 112 Tay-
lor St., room 14.
yOUNIi LADY POSSESSING MANY ACCOM-
X plishments desires a permanent place as type-
writer in city or country town. Call 10 to 8, roum
2, ■_••' Fourth st.
f>\ C LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Oil) CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
RIGHT YOUNO LaDY DKHIKKS hOSI-
BRIGHT YOUNG LADY DKHIRKS 1OSI-
.i" i as companion, or care for children; no
objection to country. B. V , box 84. Call < ilica.
SWEDISH GIRL WOULD LIKE A POSITION
to do general house worn In an Oakland home.
Address 964 cypress at., Oakland.
"yOUNGLADY WOULD LIKE POSITION AS
X housekeeper or povernesi; city or country.
(.all or address 138 a Fourth at, rouin 4.
\\T ANT ED— POSITION BY MIDDLE-AGED
• ••Spanish lady to lake charge of hotel or travel
with invalid. * dtlreiis 1 60 Fourth si., room 12.
/>] C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ulu CALL. Subscriptions an i want ads taken.
SITUATION WANTED BY NEAT, t-TRONG
0 young Eastern girl to do general housework or
cooking; wages $20; retorer.ee. Address IUGI \ 2
Broadway.
WANT ADS AND " SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'* Ihk Call are taken at Branch office, touth-
west corner >lxteenth and Misa'on bis. '
n\ C LAKKIN.-BKANCH OFFICE OF THE
Oil) CALL. Suoscriptlons and want ads taken.
WOMAN TO -WORK BY THE DAY: 91 AND
TT car fare. Addrem W. W., box 135. Call. •
■yOUNG \VOM\N FROM THE COUNTRY
X would like position as housekeeper. 120 a EdJy,
room 2.
ATTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY OF A MIA-
-^v ble dls|K>siliOD desires a position as typewriter
or copyist, lilli/j Geary at., room 2, tirst il or. .:
yOU.NO WOMAN. KXPKRIENCKK HOot<E-
X keeper, wants a permanent position: city
or country: prefers 10-lslna-house or widower's
home. Call 10 to v, room 182, 126 Fourth su v,*-"
Wanted-mtuaiion by an eastern
• » widow, with a child 6 years old, ai house-
keeper or peneral housework: good plain cook;
country p r eferred; good reference given. 'Call or
address 276 1 hlrteenth su, near Mission.
EXPERIENCKD HOUSEKEEPER WOULD
Pj like a position la widower's Or bachelor's
household: country preferreJ. Apply 88 Ninth
s - .., room 17.
1 AUNDKE>S WAN ; 8 WASHING AT HOME
I ' or any kind of work out, or a few hours every
day. App"y M., 646V^ Natoma St. . *
/COLORED WOMAN WOULD LIKK PLACE
. \j as housekeeper, cooking or general housework.
Call 21 Derby pi., off i aylor, bet. Geary and PosU
\\T IDOW WANTS plain SEWING or
<• fancy worn. Call 106 >ourth st-. room 2.
yOU.VG PARISIAN WIDOW I-ESIRKSPKR-
X mnnent place as working housekeeper In hotel
or widower's home; no objection to country.
Rooms 10-11, 123 Post su
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOP.THE
O Call taken at branch omce, 339 Uayua »v;
open until 9 :3J o'clock. •
"WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'• Market: 200 rooms vsc io SI 60 per nUht:
$1 60 to ft) per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
(>IC LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ulu CALL: «Hhs?rlnilnn* an.! wan*. ad< taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
/CHINESE * JAPANESE; EST'D 20 YEARS;
VJhelp;teLmain 1997. BRA OLE V A Co. .640 Clay
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. B.
O 90. St. Ann's bl'g. 6 Eddy su: tel -Main 6234.
TT UNTKR & CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
XX employment office, removed io'6l4i. 3 Callfor-
nfa-su, near Kearny. 'lei. main 231. ■ •
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best beln. 411 O'FarrelL lei. E. 426.
, — .
AM' XXX— CHINESE AND JAPENKSK EM-
SAM KKE— CHINESE AND J A PENESK KM-
ployment office. 611 Bush St.. nr. Grant aye.
\Y"AN TED-BY YOUNG SWEDE, WORK ON
'' on ranch or private p ace; Is a carpenter and
can do all kinds of nor- on fruit ranch; refer-,
encc. X., box 161, Call Office.
ACTIVE. WILLING AND RELIABLE MAN
wishes place to do garden work. milk, care of
ho acs, etc.: good references. ANDRE'S, 308
Stockton.
ITUATION WANTED IN WINE AND
I,'iK r busln si by thoroughly competent man.
Call or address P. W. OLSSON, 123 Fell «U
I yOU G MAN wishes POSITION as
I X broiler or second cook, hotel or restaurant. M.
G., box 68, Call Office. . '
"yoUNG MAN WANTS POSITION IN COUN-
X try ; understands enre of horvs and can milk
cow. Address J. M.. box 136, Call.
JAPANESE, FIRST-CLASH LAUNDRY MAN,
•J wants place to do washing, ironing and an/
kind of work in private family. Address M. T.,
box 68, Call Office. ,
I I^ELIABLi-, STEADY MAN WANTS SITU-
XV atfou around prlrato place, city or country, or
I take care of hcrses an cows and io make him-
I »-lf generally useful; Is a fair gardener and Is
( .handy with tools. ■ Ad. H. B , box 63, this office.
I ■^ _ — _^___^_.______
SITUATION WANTED BY YOOSQUWJDDE;
O understands horses, cows and gurdenlnic give
good reference: 3 years in last place. J. NELSON,
6J9 Stevenson st.
BLACKSMITH AND HORSKSHOER AND
JL» general workman: can do some woodwork;
city or country, Call or address 1:03 Clara st
Jr«JRST-CLA>B WAOO.V BLACKSMITH AND
F horseshoer wants position. Address 191 Ship-
ley X. ; ■ . . -'■■-.-- V
4 MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
YOUNG MAN WITH 6 YEARS' EXPERI-
X ence in butcher business would I Ike annual, on ;
is good meat-cutter. - C. X., 1848 Howard st.
TjMKST-CLASK CUI TEK WANTS A PERM A-
X? nent: situation- can take basinets to a good
j house In tbt- city. Address A. M.. box 71, Call. ■
OUNO". MAN WITH EXPERIENCE WITH
eneliies, boilers, pumps knd pipe-fitting de-
sires position la that line. Ad. M. B. , box 102, CkII.
JAPANESE COOK WANTS SITUATION,
O priva-e family, hotel or boarding house, ctv
or country. , Address Y. H. T. t box 61, Call Office.
UTCHER WANTS WOKK. CITY Oil COUN-
try*; wages no obi -ct. Address A. * this of-
rice, box 134.
SITUATION WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS
coachman: Is good valet and butler: city or
country: would take second In good family. Ad-
dress Coachman, box 31, Call Office
■O RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 187 NINTH
XI ■ »v- Want ads ana nubscrlptloaj taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Conttnocfi.
r\NK OF THE CITY'S LEADING ORCHES-
JLj tras, playing string or br»«i music, desires en-
Ka«rmi'nt for the summer; any number of men
furnished : rate* reasonable; best of references.
0.*0., box 147. CalL
X OUNO MAN WOULD LIKE TO LEARN
X electrical trade or bicycle repairing. Address
B. 8.. box 48, Call Office.
=07 MONTGOMERY, COKNER OK CLAY—
•'— I Open anil; 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ada taken. ;,
yOUNG MAN WANTS A SITUATION TO
X serve -as an apprentice in a butcher shop. R.
a, box 31, Call I. nice.
ft] C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
\J-i-tJ CALL, subscriptions and want ads taken.
GAI'DENER (GERMAN), SINGLE, OF LONG
experience in landscape, : carpe -bfddlng,
greenhouses ■ and vegetable - growing, wtshes to
take care of a private place; city I or country; can
furnish flist-c.ass references. Address 286 Bar
-tomast., city.
ENGINE-DRIVER (STEADY MAN) WANTS
XJ employment; long experience; understands
dynamo. M. a., box 132, Call Office.
QQQ HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
OOU Tuic Call; subscription* ana want ads
taken. •
FEMALE HELP WANTED. -
IV-AITKK-8, FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY HO-
ff teL #20. MURRAY <t READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay su
"MEAT PROTESTANT WOMAN TO COOK,
i.l etc.. small ranch near city, *20. Apply early.-
MURRAY <fc RKADY, Leading Jbmployment
A gen s, 634-636 Clay st.
COOK. $36: KUHSK, #25: SKCOND GIRL,
\J $25: 1 .. houses-oik Rir.'s. city and country, S2U
and $25: 8 young glr.a to assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutler St.
/VTEAT AMERICAN OR GERMAN NURSE,
li $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter St.
VKAT YOUNG NURSE, $15. MISS CULLEN,
i-> 323 cutter st.
2 RE FIX El) GERMAN SECOND GIRLS, $25
and #20. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler st.
COOK, $35; SECOND GIRL, SAME HOUSE,
#25. MI«8 CULLEN, 323 SuttersU
EAMSTKESS. $20 PER MONTH. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Su.ter.
VTIiAT REFINED SECOND GIRL, $16. MISS
li CULLEN, 323 fuller.
■you NO GIRL. BERKELEY. CAL.. CHAM-
X her work, etc., $12: cook, #4 a week : 2 wait-
resses, $5 a week : waitress, *26, country; wait-
ress, country. $20 and room: cook, G< rman style,
$30 and room; cook, $7 a week: cook, $25 and
room; waitress, #4 a week: waitress, $15 and
room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market
GIRL, WEBSTER. #16; SKCOND GIRL, SAC
ramento, C'a!., $15; girl, Page si, $1&; gin.
Laguna, $15; girl. ValWjo. $15; girl. Eddy, $15;
girl, Jackson st, $16: girl, Park Hill av-.. »15;
tiri. Nineteenths;.. $15; 1!> young giils, $8 to $12
perm nth; assist, etc. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
/iKRMAN OR SWEDISH GIKL. SUTTER
\jr St., $20. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
pERiiAN OR SWEDISH GIRL. STEINER
IJT su, $20. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
G-EKMAN WOMAN AS HOUSEKEEPER;
VT call early. MArti'lN'S, 749 Market
GIRL FOX SKCOND WORK, $16. MARTIN'd,
VJT 749 MurkeL •
GIRL. CHAMBERWORK AND WAIT SOME,
#12. MARTIN'S. 749 Market.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN; 3 IK FAMILY; NO
cooking MARTIN'S, 749 Market su
GERMAN OR SWEDISH NURSEGII.L: $15.
VJ MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
L'RENCH GIRL, ASSIST, ETC.; #13. MAR-
X TIN'?, 749 Market st.
GIRL IN FAMILY OF 8; $25. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st.
pERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL; FILLMORE
VI st. : $20. MARTIN'S, 749 Market su
p E RSI AN* ORSWKDISHGIKL: BRODERICK
VJ St.; #25. MARTIN' , 749 -Market St.
GIKL GENERAL HOUsEWOKK. IN FAM-
lly, Berkeley; «20. C R. UANsEN A CO.,
110 Geary st.
>VAIIHK^KS FOR COUNTRY HOTi-.LS,
'I $20; 2 waitresses hotel, city, $20; uniir v,
hotel, nor; h. $20; German cook, private lanilly,
city, $26; 6 gir 8 tor housewonc, city. $■.'»-. lrl "for
ban Kafael, see part? here, $.-0: 4 elrls for house-
work, country, $15 and #18; bo'isekeeuer for san
Jose, #2 ; 2 second girls • It.-, $16; lunch wait-
r.'ss, dishwasher. C. R." HANsEN A Co., 110
Geary st. ••■ .' . ., , .
WAITRKSB AND PARLOR MAID, $25: 2
'* Protestant second girls. $-0 and #26: 6 cooks
In German and American families, $20. $30 and
#35; 2 German and French nurses, *20; chamber-
maid, asstnl Malting, hotel, #'.'0; 3 restaurant wait-
reuses, $5 and $6 a week: and girls for housework.
J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 31« Suuet su
ANTED— GERMAN COOKS. $35 AND $30:
»» French waitress. #25: French second itlrl. $15;
waitress and pnrlor maid, $25; French coo* and
housework. $20; German nuneglrL 1 child, $12.
LEON ANDRh., 308 Stockton St.
MR-. SPfc.NCKK'* EMPLOYMENT -OFFICE:
girls, #25, $20, #15, $10. 1321 Park, Alameda.
TIT ANTED — MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN,
»» housekeeper for widower with nice place.
Inquire J. M URDOCK. Jones aye., near Elmhurst
station, Alameda County.
WANTED— A NEAT YOUNG GERMAN OR
Swedish glri; must speak English. 216 Steu-
art st
■yoUNG GERMAN GIRL TO MAKE HER-
X self generally useful. 620 Guerrero si, be-
tween eighteenth and Nineteenth.
I*' AN TED-GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT
» f housework for good home in Berkeley. Ad-
dress Home, box 19, Call Office,
VXPEBIENCEII GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF
X 1 * child I*^ years old: German preferred; must
sleep home. 222 Va Page st.
TO TAILORKBSES— G ODD COATHAND
X wanted: one* ho knows something about mi-
chinery. Apply XI.MI, ?3 Suiter st.
IV ANTED— GIKL FOR SKCOND WORK AND
»» waiting. 1307 Hyde at.
yOUNO GERMAN GIRL WANTED TO TAKE
X care of a baby. 2732 Pine st.
IDDLE-AGEDOKRMAN WOMAN OR GIRL
to assist light housework. 310 Golden Gate aye.
NEAT GIRL FOR CHILDREN AND LIGHT
second work, $10. 623 Van Ness aye.
■\ r OUN"G GIRL ASSIST GENERAL HoUSE-
X work, family of 3; Protestant, 16j8 Page st-
pESPECTABLE GIRL OF 16 TO ASSIST IN
XV light housework good borne, 430 a Fulton su
.yOUNO J.ADY COMPOSITOR: 2 OR 3 YEARS'
X experience. 865 Broadway, Oakland.
IMNISHhR WANTED ON CUSTOM COATS.
JO 740 loisom su
pELIABLE GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
XV work, 2in family. 6 Fourth St.
\\r ED-GOOD COOK FOR SMALL FAM-
" llv: iefi?r ncos required. Apply from Bto 10
a it. or after 5 r. v., 1910 Wsshington st-, near
Franklin.
. \ r OUNG GIRL WANTED FOR LIGHT
X housework: sleep home. , 1410 Buchanan.
yOUSO GIRL TO ASSIST WITn BABY AND
X little housework. 664 Broderlck St.:
WANTED — OPERATORS ON GENTS'
white shirts. 621 Valencia st.
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIRL FOR GEN-
VJ eral l.ousework and cooking. 917 Suiter
BIG MONEY MADE AT HOME: Ell HER
sex; no c«nvnsslnßj no experience; nocapl al.
For particulars address, with stamp, Commercial,
601 California st, room 2. ■
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
TMRST-CLASS OPERATOR ON COATS, GIRL,
X I 812 Bru h st . Oakland, Market-st. station, be-
tween 12 and 1 o'clock.
WANTED-EXPERIENCED FINISHER ON
pants. 659 Thirteenth sU, Oakland.
f>-\ C LAHKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF TH«
\fJ-U Call;, subscriptions and want. ads. taken.
I ATEST SKI his. STYLISH JACKETS, PER.
XJ feet-fitting waist patterns cut to order, 25c;
wanted, ladies to learn the McDowell Dressmak-
ing and Millinery Sctiool, 103 Post si.
J ''LYNN 'a JiKtBS.MAKI.NU AND CUTTINU
£ Academy. ; 14 McAllister su: , $1 a week. . -
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT ABLTC;
If l Winchester House, 44 Third su. near Market.
200 room*; 25c to $1 OJ per night; #1 60 to $6
per week: tree 'ban and baggage to and from ferry.
ST. ' DRKBS-CUTTING h SCHOOL— FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
BIAjLK HELP WANTED,
INTELLIGENT YOUNG MAN, ONE USED TO
X vineyard an.l farm work, and act as timekeeper.
keep plain set of books, assist superintendent, etc.
MURRAY A READY. Leading . Employment
Agents, 634 aad 636 Clay st. -.
Cfi WOODC HOPPERS; #1 PKR CORD; 4-
O\J foot redwood. MURRAY <& READY, Lead-
lag Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. \
HOEMAKER. COUNTRY SHOP; 3 COOKB,
♦30 and $40; : 2 waiters; = 2 dishwashers, etc
MURRAY A . RKADY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay su ■ r
HKIiP WANTKD-Continued. -
FOREMAN FOR A GRAIN RANCH, $40 AND
X found: foreman for a vineyard, $40 and found.
MURRAY &- READY, Leading Employment
Agent*. 634 and 636 Clay st.
OUPERINTENDENT. EXPERIENCED MAN.
0 for a large cemetery; 2 grave-diggers and
gardener. MURKAYA RKADY, Leading km-
ploy men t Agents, 624 »nd 636 Clay st.
T ATHER.. SHAPERi AND BAKDSAWVEB
JJ for planing-mill. $2 75 a day. MURRAY &
RKAI.'Y, leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay s:.
fTIHREE GAKDKSEKS TO WORK AKOUND
X large Institution: hostler, city. $25: 17 farmers,
orchard a. id vineyard hands, $15 to $20; '4 milk-
ers, same place. MURRAY A READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 606 Clay st.
COOK'S HKLPKR, 82 60 A WEEK; DISH-
\J washer. $16: elderly man, c< ok some, $12,
etc.; night cook. #6 a week: waiter, #15 and room;
oyster cook, $35 and room; waiter, #25 and room:
lunch waiter, $20. MARTIN'S. 74& Market st-
p EKM AN WAITER, #25 AND ROOM- MAR-
VJ TIN'S. 749 Market st.
MAN .TO TAKE CHARGE OF DAIRY
(creamery). MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
MILKER, $30. MARTIN'S, 749 MARKET
street.
DANCHHAND, $10. MARTIN'S, 749 MAR-
XV ket a:. v -■•■•-'
WANTED-ia FIRST-CLASS WOODCH' P-
TI pers who understand setting out shlngle-bolls,
$1 40 to $2 per cord: 4 woo choppers, $1 25 cord.
Apply to J. F. I ROSETT * CO., 628 Sacramento.
\\T A N TED-TICKET- -ELLER WiTH CASH
»f security, ?i0 and found; solicitor for milk
route: "tableman. $30 and fouud: 6 farmers $20-
-3 milkers. #20 and $25. and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETI' A CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED — 4 MORE QUARTZ MINERS,
»» long job, $2 50 a day; first-class mine. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 628; Sacramento st.
W ANTED— ENGLISH SKCOND BUTLER,
" $30 and found; night man lor restaurant, *25,
and others. J. F. CBoBIiTT A CO., 628 bacra-
mento su
WAITER FOR COUNTRY CLUB. $40; POR-
»T ter and assist in pantry, country club, $25,
see party here: reslaurtmt waiter. $40: 3 waiter.*,
$25, $30 and $35; bellboy for springs, #10, biuler,
private family, #25 to #30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary au
J-KY COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $56 AND
free fare; broiler, country hotel, north, $55;
second conk lor a cafe, city, $35 to $40; cook
country restaurant, $40. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,'
110 Geary st.
CHIEF COOK, SUMMKR HOTEL, #76: NEAT
hotel clerk, $40 to $60, references required. C. ;
R. HANSEN A Co., 110 Geary st.
T/-RENCH OK FOR PRIVATE FAMILY-
-1 $50; see party here. C. R. HANSEN A CO.'
110 Grary si
ANTED— RESTAURANT WAITER FOR
'" ladles' department In nice restaurant in c tv,
$40 a month: 2 ranch teamster , $25, steady job;
2 German fa-mhanus near city, $15 to $J0:
Eastern young man on small f^rm near city, $15
and coot! home; 4 farmhands near city, $16; man
for wood and coal yard. $2U and found: ml kers,
laborers, cooks, waiters und dishwashers. W. D. i
EWEH <fc CO., 626 Clay.
ANTED— BUTLER, MIDDLE-AGED, FOR
'» firjt-class family in city, reference rfouired.
S3O a month. W. D. E WE .; A CO., 626 CUy.
ANTED-OERMAN BARKEEPER, $50:
"» stableman, must speak French, $j0: waiter
plain hotel, $30; elevator- coy; #15, etc. ANDRE'S
308 Stockton st.
BUTLER, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUTTER
stree.. .
T\rANTKD- SUNDAY. APRIL 4, 50 MA-
ff chin sts. 100 ship-builders to see the great
swimming matci between the 3 crack dots of the
city.. Near Cap am Thomsoa's, cor. Taylor and
Bar sts. »
T^XPERIKNCKD NIGHT WAITER. WITH
XJ references: wages $10 a week. 113 Seventh,
PANTRYMAN — DAVIS*, THE PANTRY-
X man, see bead waiter Pleasanton Hotel.
rTAILORS WANTED on CUSTOM COATS
X 106 Battery at.
WANTED- PAINTERS; 7 TO 8 A. M. 6*47
i T Birch aye., Octavia st.
"IirANTKD-IMMEDIATkLY. FIRST-CLASS
■»» typewriter salesmau. Address W. F., box 104.
Call.
WASHER WAN JED. 718 VALENCIA
street.
PAINTERS WANTED; EXCHANGE WORK
X torrent. 3'J5 Fifth aU«
WANTED — PARTNER; WELL- PAYING
•»» business; tend store; $100 required. Apply
223 Fourth st. - x /
EAMEN FOR HEW VO.iK, HONOLULU
anil o her ports. Shipping Ageucy. 10 Sieuart
St., upstairi. >•..'■;
ANTED— SEAMAN. ORDINARY SEAMAN
' ' and given-bands for whaling and deep-water
vessels. Applr at McMAHoN A MCCARTHY,
117 Drumni st., upstairs. «
TAPANKSK TO DO HOUSEWORK MORN-
-0 ingS In exchange lor room. Call 1007 Market.
pOATMAKERS WANTED. APPLY AT 11
\J a. M. at the Stevenson-street entrance to
CHARLES LYONS, 721 Earketsu
SHOE MAKERS WANTSD ON MEN'S
screwed shoes. "02a Filth st.
OARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC,
X 3 P. C Barbers' Assn. S. FUirlls, 325 Grant aye.
TfIR:-T-CLASS BARBERS FURNISHED BY
P International Union Free Employment Bureau,
i 34 Fourth at, the Modern. 1. LoSs, eecretary.
JOURNEYMEN BA&iiKiMf lklil'LOVJlli.M 1
j (I secretary .H. BERNARD. 102 i»e Tenth sc.
'-CHAIR COMBINATION CUP CASE FOR
Osale. Inquire 13 Taylor st.
BARBERS— GOOD 15C-SHOP FOR SALE.
JJ 1944 .Market.
_____^
QCOtf MISSION BT.— BRANCH OFFICE OK
Z.O£>\J TUB Call; Bubacriptions ana waaC ads
taken.
ARDKNER ON SHARES; FLORIST;
grounds, plants, lodgings free; no money re-
quired. 117 Powell st. *_>
1/»7 NINTH ST. —BRANCH OFFICE OK
XL) I Jan call; subscription and wane ads.
taken. . .
RESOLUTIONS ENG'OssSED, DIPLOMAS
XV filled out & all kinds of enwork. J. W. GRIF-
FITH, Heald's Business College, 24 Pest »t.
IrOR GOOD REPAIKING ! CALL AT CEN-
-1 tral Repairing Shoe Shop, 15H4 Market st.. bet.
lurk in and City Hall aye., or 749 Mission St.;
large stock new and . second-hand shoes on sale;
shoe* mad? to order, any style, $3 up.
STYLISH AND DURABLE C.«LF SHOES
made to order. #2 50: cheapest place In city for
repalrfhg and second-hand o shoes. 059 Howard st.
W ANTE D— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
'T trade: shops, tools, positions furnished: 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 138Va Eighth,
SINGLK ROOMS 10c AND 16c NIGHT, 60c
and 75c w»elc Lindell House, sixth and Howud.
V*; AN LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»' to know that Ed Ro-:;ln, l!eti'> Honse proprie-
tor. still runs Denver Honi°. 217 Third eU: 15 J
large rooms; 26c per night; #1 to $3 )«sr week.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTION?* FOR
. Thk Call, are taken at Branch office, south*
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts,
Ifih JIBS TO TAKK LODGING AT 10c. ISO
1 ' 'v» and 20c a nlgnu Including cuSmt aiu iuiU.
624 Washington St., near Kearnr.
BE^T IN SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. #1 -.'6, #1 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial aud l.eidesrtoriT sts.
Tjkcruits wanted fop. THE U. S. ma-
XV rlno Corps, XX. S. Nayy — Able-bodied unmar-
> ried men between the Bges . of 21 and SO years
who . are citizen* of : the United Spates, or . those
i who have legally declared their intention to be-
come such: must be of good character and habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feel In height. For
further information apply at the Kecrnitlu* Office*
20 Kills at., San Francisco. CaL
'
ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
■ » of some simple thing to patent?' Protect your
1 Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A CO., Dept.. L, Patent Attor-
neys." Washington, • D. C- for their $1800 prize
Offer and new list of 1000 Invention* wanted.
ELCHO HOU-.K. 868V3 MARKKI'ST.-i'.uuiU
20c 26c to 50c night. $1 to S2 weec
|*KY ACME HOUSE. P5 - MARKET ST.. BS-
X low fcixth. for a room: "»6<- a night: 91 a week.
Ty ANTED. YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
» * shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at night while you wait: ladles' soilnc, 35c; men's
soling. 1 60c; fine shoes made to order from #2 up:
wo have a lot of shoes been damaged i y water at
less than one-fourth . their value, from 75c up to
#2 60. *62 Mission st, bet. First and Second.
1«7 NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE :OF
IUI thm Call; »ü bacriptiou and want : ads
taken.
1 700 MORK AIR MEN'S SHOES. BEEN
X I \J\J damaged by water, at less than one-fourth
their value, from 75c up to #2 &0. 662 Mission st.,
bet. First and second." - •;.
: SIMON • WANTS 100 MKAf lv . I.XT BOT-
. tie beer nr wine 6c : b»s: free lunch. ; 643 CUy./.
\y ASTED- BINGLh BOOMS, 160 A DAY; «l
' » < week: rooms for 2. 26c a day. $1 60 • weeic;
! reading-room: daily papers. ; 86 Clay su r
OOMS. 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT: 500 TO $1 60
XV per wee«. Oriental, 225 Drumm at. ". , : • •
POSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLES FUR-
I XV niahed rooms, 200 10 20c sight, #1 to 91 60 irk.
FKtF;'' WAJfTED-C«ii«iiii.*. .
\\l ANTED, TOCOLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR-
IT ers^derks KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter.
\U IKCHBbTKB HOUSE, 44 THIRD . ST.. Nil
• " MarKet: 200 rooms, 25c a night,: reading-
room: free hiM and ba-»cac» to and irom the ferrr.
AGENTS WANTED.
RELIABLE CANVASSF.U (ENGLISH) FOR
advertisements ant" subscriptions for a news-
paper. Room 127, Murphy bui.ding. ; . - • ;r"
AGENTS— . BOOK, "THE FIRST
J\. tattle." Apply or address for territory F.
PERSON, manasersubscriptlon department. THE
WHITAKhR & RAY COMPANY. 723 Market St.
PROPERTY WANTED.
A^T^D^BMAinrßTN^rr^liTL^lM^
proved: convenient to city: must be cheap.
Add 1 ess W. S., box 160 Call Office.
■ — — — — —^-^— — .— -^—^
WANTED-MISCEM.ANEOU!*.
V>UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUM.BKR. BASHES.
I> doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1103 Mission St.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
-0 elry to A. KLEIN. 109. Sixth su; send postal.
EDUCATION
ANDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OK
Mathematics: pupils prepared 1:1 day. and
evening classes and by private lessons for Callor-
and Stanford universities: teachers.' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
c-v'g classes; mathematics, - mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. R., 402 Parrot-, bldg.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
-cV. Elocution, 1215 Octavia st.. .-an Francisco.
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days. Friday p. if, Saturday a. m.
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGE, 24 rOST—
Bookkeeping, business pn|ctlc«, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, Kngllsh branches, '
electrical engineering: 'M teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYRES-, THifi LEADING COLLEGJS, 83
Montgomery st. ; Individual Instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphr. eta :
lite scholarship $50: low rat«« per week and mi
DRIVATE LESIONS ANDCLAS.SES: SHORT-
X hand, typewriting, English branches. Room
32, Donohoe building. .
"I KMO2M IN ELOCUTION, DKLSARTE,
XJ voice and physical culture at pupil's residence;
»5 a month. Address I. R., cox 71, Call Office.
"DELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
LEO COOPER. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera. Pantomime and Acting; study of reper-
toire and vocal music, hi 4 Geary su
pNGINHKRLNU SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC.«
civil, wining, survey, assay, archlt., X ray
taught; e5.1864. A. VAN PER NAILLKN.9S3 Mkt
ANDOLIV. GUITAR— AMATEUR PLAY-
ers to join c ud. PI.OF. MERKI, 225 Geary.
piANO, GERMAN,7Sc; PUPIL LEIPSICCON- !
X servatory and German High School. 110 Hyde st
AMY J. DEAS, 405 MCALLISTER— VOICE
culture. plano:pri.les. s2 hr., vocal classes*! mo.
I JOOKKPNG. WKITXG. ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
XJday night: no daises; $6 month. 846 Mission.
1NU1NO; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, < Jei man languages: $2 ma 109 Taylor.
GUIIAK, MAM/OLIN. PiANO AND VOCa-
lessonv $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
QUBSCRIPTIOXS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Calx, taken r.t branch office bba Hayes au;
open until I) :30 o'clock. *
MR,
Ojrm REWARD — LOST. BILVER HAIR
%£)4.\J terrier, Laving collar with bell. Return
to 802 Valiejo st.
1 OST— ON SACRAMENTO-BT. CAR, SMALL
1-t account-book: entries covering year 1896; re-
ward $3. Return to Mills building, 10th floor,
room 33.
LOST— FEBRUARY 15, ON 8 P. M. BOAT
J from city, top of fishing-rod with agate in top.
Return to Call Office, Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST— WHITE DOG; YELLOW
spots: named Cocoa, 'Reward at 1009 Pierce su
BRANCH OFFICE OFTHK CALL. 167 NI.NTH
X> St. ; want ad* and subscriptions taken.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE-
oT'roTJmTo'xTJark et"stT. .. . \ '„ ...» B so
<£•«" 14 rooms.only . :.. .....v...t.. .......... -250
'•0 rooms; corner: new 1,200
14 rooms on Suiter ; S.jO
7-room house, omy ; i.50
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
%-ROOM BOOMING-HOUBE, ONLY $600:
**\J see this 4 bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
"I 7-KOOM HOUSE; 12 ROOMS FURNISHED;
X I sen at a bargain. DKCKEU, 1020 Market st.
1 (* ROOMS AND BATH; FIFTH 5T...*.. $550
ID 16 rooms: Sixth St., close to Market... 500
12 rooms, neatly furnished; easy terms 450
48 rooms : corner, on Minor st. 2800
300 more houses on our list.
WILKE, 7*3 Market.
\\r ANTED — FURNISHED ROOMING-
'» house: to take charge of or will rent; unex-
ceptional references. . A. V., Call Office, Oakland.
MECHANICS' LODGING-HOUSE FOR SALK j
cheap; owner going East- Address letter, H. I
D.. Loaging-house, box 49, Call Office. N
p*RKAT BARGAIN— CORNER HOUSE OF 11
VT furnished rooms: must sell at once. Inquire
1001 1-olsom st. •*
—i
"I /'-P.OOM HOUSE: INCOME OVER XX-
I« penies, $49; $350; sxkness; part casu.
J., box 44. Call office.
I A-ROOJI HOUSE: GOOD LOCATION: PAY-
XKJ ing finely, only $160; sickness; must sell.
Address 11 . box 161, Call.
1 P-ROOM HOUSE: INCOME »50 OVER EX-
XU penses: $35U: cost $700; must sell. R. H.,
box 136 Call office.
<JJ»I 7 C CORNER HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS;
«H)X 10. all full; rent $20. Inquire 2J Ninth
St.. room 3.
OR SALE— NEATLY FURNIsHkD HOUSK
of 11 rooms, -clie»p. Inquire at 113 Kddy st.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
ST.' BERNARD PUPS— CHAMPION "GRAND
Mas.er," first prize "California Beauty"; per-
fect markings. 3i 2i, 4 Fulton st.
©".AC AKROMOTKR WINDMILL AND 2000-
-«J)ivi>. ga'lon tank and punp In good condi-
tion, together with piping, for sale. Apply for fur-
ther particulars to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st.
OK SALE—AN 1800 GOLD E AH LE;I3 STARS
and stripes: In perfect condition. Offers to
BRA UN, 64 Erskine su, Sydney. Australia.
■yERY FINE LARGE YOUNG THOROUGH-
V bred dog; fond of children; sell cheap. Call
419 * arkln st.
0 FINE SEALSKIN COATS, NEARLY NEW
& price $110, worth $200. UNCLE HARRIS,'
15 urant aye.
OW FOR SaLE; GOOD MILKER. 3733
V^ ; Twenty-sixth st.
OR SALK-POI.LY SPEAKS GERMAN AND
English. Inquire 812 Powell sU, bnsemenu
p ROCKRY FIXTURES FOR SALE CHEAP
VI I4OI Steiner.
KM ILE MILCH COW FOR SALE CHEAP.
VJ 1024 Francisco st., near Larkin. .
/•-FOOT PORCKLAIN BATHTUBS $10 EACII"
\J In perfect order. H. S. WHITE,. 516 Mission'
"VTEW CASH-KKGISTEUB FOR SALK OR TO
i.l renu MAGUIRK, 130 Sansome St., room 9.
UILKR;>,KNGI.NKrS,i:D-HANI> machinery
X> water-pipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman. 137 Beale.
FINEBLACK SUIT; $12 50. MISFIT CLOTH-
-1 ing parlors. 613 Montgomerr su *-*«i«.
pOFFEK MILL. tsCALES. LKTTKK PRESS
V stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 CUy!
\y A RS. SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. BHELV-
-1 i ing, etc.. bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
T AHGE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
XJ bank safe; cheap. » Mission su
js AKS . BACK. BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
i> cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand J. N; ONAr,'. 1017-10^1021-1023
Mission ■&, above Sixth. ', •,- - •
■1.1 W. 8. KAY MFG. CO. 12 California su
O' « X S^ J t IX . MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZK
v^ fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market su
BICYCLES.
T ADIES' BICYCLE, '96 MODEL: HIGH
x-i sraile: good condition; for sale cheap. 1657
Seventh st., Oakland. -.!. . ■■ -^- ■ ■■■■
:CiAI>S ;1N SECOND-HAND WHEELS;
±j nigh grades In perfect running ewer from $25
upward. Golden Rule bazaar Cyclo Department,
2o Ueary st r '
_ PROFESSIONAL CARDS. *
JOHN K. RICHARDS, LA W^^ OFFICES. KOOH3J
J 1 26 »nd it", Crocker bUiIOOU* toinmont Umm
fix fc*a i rancisco, Cai.
BUSINESS ,". CHANCES." ' ' ■„
SALOON.; WITH 4 LIVING-ROOMS,
SALOON. WITH ■ LIVING-ROOMS, '
rUU. on Howard St.: low reut; doing good
business; make offer. WILK.-, 783 .MarKet »v
a»Q(\f\ CORNER SALOON: KSTABLISKED
«It)OUU.'' years; one bock north of t.arketst.,
close to Examiner office: a eenulue bargain; act-
ual value $1000. WILKE, 783 Market st. •
ffl»!7/>A SALOON. WITH CLUBKOOM?: KLB.
■«Ip I \>\J. gantly fitted up: clos9 to Bail win Ho-
tel: long lease; sacrificed: owner accepted Govern-.
ment position: investigate. WILKE, 783 Market,
mprn SALOON IN 'CHOICEST. BUSINESS
top I O'/. location: . es:«blished 20 years: 1 b.l-
llard, 1 pool-table; r»sh register: rent only $50; a
flrst-claas paying place. WILKE, 788 Market st.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FORFURNt-
ture. restaurant, saloon fixture* and Kroner/
stocks. STKNBKKG. 632 Market; teL main 1043,
C'OPin SALOON AND LUNCH HOUSE :
*Jr^OU. wholesale district. STENBKRG, 632
Market su \ . -. ■• . ■ .--".'. **.■-..
ANTED— 2 ACTIVE MEN WITH SMALL
IT amount of capital, to travel or keep book» for
manufacturing aud jobbing concern; reference.
STEK BERG, 632 Market st. . .
ffli i BRAN i- H BAKE It Y. NOTIONS,
<p-JOU. etc.: living-rooms. STENBERG &
CO., 632 Market.
$rcn BKANCH BAKERY, DRY -GOODS
i&OuXr. and no ions, just outside of city; bi<
stock; low rent; living-roums: must be sold" '
account of departure. STENBEItU <t CO., 632
Market su
C'fjnri CORNER GROCKKY" AND BAR IN
<JOv/U. one of the best locations north or Mar-
ket at.: elegant livin. -rooms: rent only- $2B: water
free: bean thoiough investigation; owner se'ling
on account of business In tbe East. A. S. Li-. ■>-,
1032 MarKet st. '■ .
C-7XA PARTNER WANTKD IN AN OLD
«lr • O\J. establinUed and thriving route business,
requiring no Jormer exp»ri«>nce: will positively
clear $7& to $100 to each per mouth over and
above all expenses and is constantly increasi'isc;
steady, lndu itrlona man can liberally coin money;
positive proof furnished that ibis is a bon;>-fide
business and will stand the most thorough investi-
gation, a. B. LKfS, 10^2 Market su
Coffee SALOON, OYSTER and CHOP
housp, oppoiite large railroad depot; positively
clearing $-joo to $J6i) per month: 4 living-rooms
conuectfd; furniture inc. tided; present owner there
4 year*: bears thorough investigation. A. S.
LESS, 1032 Market sU . ;
STATIONERY. SCHOOL SUPPLIES, LAUX-
dry office and cigar store In choicest portion of
Western Addition; well stocked; 4 nice living,
rooms; rent only Sv;O; paying business. A. SSo. o
LESS, US2 Market st.
Q;qF:A SALMON WITH P HIV ate rooms;
«JjO«J\/. north of Market, one block from 'he
Baldwin Hotel: old established place. A. B, LESS,
1032 Market su
<2?qnri barbkks, attention — fink
<2)Ol/l/. stand: Market: 4chnirs; run by owner
10 years; chance for 2 men. HEALY, 917 Markeu *
Ht'NE-T. ENERGETIC PARTNER IX PORK
and sausage store: tend store or drive horsu
and wagon; experience' not required: small capi-
tal. 1041 ValHiniast.
C-OXfl well- paying SALOON, AC-
*Sr*j%)\i. count of sickness; rent $30. Inquire
at 650 Clay st. . .
MUST BE SOLD: HOMK BAKERY; GOOD
trade and location; 3 living-rooms; pirtks
going tasu 10C8 Hyde st.
SALOON FOR SALE AT YO« ROWN PRICE;
first come gets snap, call 911 Folsom st. .
TO LET— GROCER Y-sTOR I- , WITH "FlX-
tnres. SW. comer Post and Hyde sts. °
pESTAURANT. $7.5. CALL AT 1405" CALI-
XV fornia at., near Hyde. »
AVK SKVKRAL RICH GOLD QUARTZ
claims near Rnndsburg, and would like part-
ner with capital to heip deve. op for an interest.
1567 Seventh st., Oakland. -°
FOR SALK-A GENERAL BLACKSMITH"
X and horseshoeing shop, doing* business of $600
monthly, at a bargain: lease, eood will, etc. 'Ap-
ply to JOSEPH J. MASON, Berkeley station. ■
BLACKS.VIIIH SHOP AND TOOLS: DOING "'
XJ a good business; satisfactory reasons for sell-
Ing: positive brtrgaln; must be sold by April 3.
JOHNSTON A. CO 872 BroaJway, Oakland:
IjURKE'S KLKGANT SALOON, VALENCIA
I> and Twenty-sixth nts., for s&le. App1y, 1922
Market sU
pHANCE FOR A GOOD LAUNDRY MAN TO
\J purchase v hand laundry: doing $20 week. \v :
For information Inquire Auburn Hand Laundry. ,
T>UTCHER-SHOP FOR SALE; $175: WEsT-
XJ em Addition: good reason for seiiiug. it. t
box 71, Call office. '
pOOD OPENING FOR SALOON MAN; STOCK
VJ and fixtures. Inquire at cigar staud, 996 Mar-
ket st. . „ B c
STORE AND 3 ROOMS TO I ET; USED A3
old established bakery. 456 sixth st.
11*1 RST-CL ASS saloon OR cigar-store,
X I or both: big bonanza. 500 Mils.
C;£inn PARTNER. LADY OR GENTLE-
<iTt-7V\/. man, resort near city: fine hotel; valu-
able mineral springs: splendid opportunity. Ad-
dress Resort, Call Office, < u.lar.ti
OLDEN BUSINESS CHANCE FOR OEN-
VJ t eman of clerical ability with $1000: quick
acceptance. Address C J. HEVLJSK, tag Jose.
•\rouira LADY from THE east desires
X gentleman partner; small capital. 860 Market
St.. room 6. -
YOUNG WIDOW WANTS A 'GENTLEMAN
X partner; small capital | Room 1. 106 Fourth..
MOTION, CANDY. STATIONERY, LAUNDRY
XI office: 2 living-rooms; rent $11. 1215 PowelL
pORNEK GROCERY AND BAR; GOOD LO-
V^ cation; living-rooms. Apply 315 Front su
IpOR.SALK— GROCEKY-STORE AND BAR.
X Inquire Milwaukee Brewery.
ALOON AND RESTAURANT: 4 LIVING
0 rooms: rent $35: lease; near carbouse. Ad
ply J. A. FOSTER, cor. Sixth and Market sts.
fItQOO CIGAR AND STATIONERY STORE;
WO\J\J . clearing over $100 per month above all
expenses, including rent for living-rooms; good
location; a thorough trial given betore buying; no
axeuis. ('. S., box 103, all Office.
%9fifin STATIONERY -STORE WITH
«JP— \J\J\J. news agency, in best town in north-
ern part of btate, for sale. Address 8., box 134
Call Office. c
ffl»lf» HAY, GRAIN, WOOD AND COAL
«JPXVJ. yard; must sell: cause sickliest. Ad-
dress G. H., box 134, this office. *
■yoUNG WIDOW wants a GENTLEMAN
X partner; small capital. Room 8 ( 207 Post su
BOLE OR HALF INTEREST IN PAYING
printing business: fine type; cheap. 921 MkU
OtC^n DELICACY" STORE ON PRINCIPAL
«iP<JUVJ. business street in Western "Addition;
good trade ana cheap rent; splendid chance for
man and wife. ADp.y W. Z., box 27, Call Office.
Ofl9ft MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS A.MI
—*J~* \J want ads taken for Thk usl.
1 000 CARDS, $1 60. SHOW cards, kto.
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL. 22% Ueary su
CITY l.OLlji, iuit aALij. APPLY THid
office.
furniture for sale.
Household ranges auk the best.
JOHN F. MEYERS CO., 947 Market su
— s
KETIRINO FROM RETAIL BUSINESS;
XX must close out stock in 30 days; brussels car-
pet, 42i^c yard: floor oilcloth. 18c; matting, 7a
yard; bedroom sets, S pieces. '$9 1:0: 4-rooin fur-
niture outfit, $63. bUIUEK & SHIRKK. 717
MarKet st, opp. Grant aye. '.I •.
A TJ A J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. Foil
xl lowest prices on household (roods; new or goal
i-k new: cas • or on time: open evenings. •
rUWfITUKB WANKED.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICK* FOX FURNt-
-1 tnr» and merchanaUa see BUKD. 211 Lamia.
BKST PRICES FOR FURNITURE, MDSeT
etc. STREET CRESWELL. Auctioneers. 9:7
Market su nn.316. Houses bought in their entirely.
■PI'RXITUKE, STOVES. CARBETS, . COUX-
J ters. showcases. ANDERSON. Hal Merkeu
CARPET CLEANING.
pARPET-OLBANIXG, 3c: LAYING, 3c; RUO
\J samples free: teL jessie 944. Stratton, 38th su
CARPETa CLEANED. RENO ED LIKE
J new. J. McQUKEN,4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY STU-A.M CARPET CLJSANIXO WORKS-
V.' cleans, moves, lays carpets. ,G. H. IK YEN 4
ai*r. 38 and 40 Eighth tt. : ; telephone South 250.
.WHEN. YOU BKCUMK IiIsuUSTEU WITH
'» poor work send to SPA ULDIiSG's Pioneer Car-
pet-beatlPK Works. 353-67 lehama.au ; teL So. 4 X
j ADVANCE CARPET-CLEAX lnU ; COL 403
■fX Batter;; teL Mala 394. GEO. WALCOM, prop.
GARPETS CLKANED& RENOVaTKD LIKB
new. 23 Tenth; tel. South Mackintosh Co.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleHnlug renovtg. alter-
. atlon works. 413 McAllister. Tel. Jessie 32L,
JE. MITCHKLL. CAKPKT-CLEAMNtJ CO,
. 1.40 14th su ; cleaning 80 a yard. TeL Mis. 7V.
C ION KLIN'S "■■ CARPII.I-- BEATING > WORKS
, \J S.&& Golden Gate aye. ' Telephone Kasi 126.-
-storage. >■;;'■'
"DEDUOKb KATES. FURNITrTIiETTrANO*
XV household goods, etc J. M, PiKKCifi, 735 H»fc.=;.; HOUSES TO IKT.
SUNNY 10-ROOM HOUSK; MODERN IM»
0 provcmen;s: low rent. Nineteenth st. *
/."nd^ome new m;nny 6 BOOMS; EX-
posed plumbing: nice place. 514 Guerrero.
1 On" I ••«'Li> N GATE AV> .-HOUSE OF 6
J-ZUOa rooms: renovated;, washroom; large
yard. Apply at 1205. ■ .
=" .:. .r- noUSS 6 ROOMS: VERY CHEAP;
£!" J i . 1-J3O Tine Ft., near Hyde.
OUSfi 7 ■ OOMS AND BATH, STABLE!,
• yard; sunny. 2410 Geary St., near Baker.
i»j..t;o:.i)i:x gate aye.— rooms and
"4«52 bath; -50 :_• . - .
irno-Di'LOKKs. NR.-.TWENTIKTH: HOUSE
{ U__ of 'B rooms; sunny; large yard; lawn.: Ap-
ply, on premises. :
riO LET— RKNT *15: A 6-RoOM HOUSE AND
1 oaseniein; ciieap.- 1147 lsom st.
OfM-.S TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
• money »t BALDWIN <fc HOW ELL'S, 10
.Montgomery st, :■ ';■' '.",•' -. -■• = '..--
rnfj'yliL'SU — SUNNY HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
° x ■iIMV.-'yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant.
'■'Gr-K'" 1731 BROADWAY, KKAK OOUGH— B
V'!'"- rooms! • very convenienc«: marine view.
;. • ' - "-fukxishkd' HOUSES.
1^or ; Rl --NT— beautiful LA KG?: SUBUR-
-1 bun" residence furnished; lar?e erounds: all
'mccjern-. in s.mJo;-; must give reference-*. W.
'S. CLA V ! ON, cor..P«irk and Minol its., an Jose.
},u'hxisii'kd house of 9 rooms, with
1? bath; completely furnished, on Twentieth St.,
between Valencia and Mission: accessible to 3
• nrlires: : -1 minutes from Oakland ferry: rent
SoS to reliable parties] hours for inspection lo
"o'clock to •_'. • 3549 Twentieth st.
4NT LV FURNISHED SUNN*' PAR-
lor lioor complete for housekeeping; reference,
'.Fifteenth, Deal Doloiet. ■ •.■ -.*,; ,
SUNNY, MODERN. NEWLY FURNISHED
flat: rent or will sell. t<7u Post; call 12 to 4.
T.TRNISKKI) ROOMS: $4 TO $8 A MONTH.
'■ JT 711 Stockton at.
i Cll-U VALLKJO ST.— handsomely fur- i
.' '. is I. '' nished mnderu house; 9 rooms: furnace:
.'marine view, eta; ?S5: cau bt> st-en between 9:30
,'a- m. a-id la m: '
... •-. .: ' i 1"XN V 1SIIK1) FLATS.
- .UPPEB FLAT: 1650b HAVES ST. 1
: «i • '■. Mock irom -park panhandle: 7 rooms;
bai'b:'.-Hiundrv. . WMi. NJCOL. 53-! Vt California.
' .-. v. . ( OTTAGES TO LKT.
SI \NY COTTAGKS OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS,
basement and yard: cheap. . Cor. Dolores
.ahai-rtteenth sts. -.' . "...'-;• . - " •
MODERN NKW.e-KOOM COTTAOE; FlN-
■,".Uhed '.high baSeaient;" rent $13. 4392 Seven,
■tecnlh st.", above Castro .> ■ ••" '" ' '" --:".:
■(3*l. l- . -.CGTT.A.<; :■.. 4-" ROOMS. 109 COLLINS
.• . I 1 . s-.., near Geary. • - • • -.
COIT.AGE, "S 1.; ROOMS, BATH. LAUNDRY;
:v/..chlqlu ¥ ,n-yafdr. fine marine view; large lot: gar-
■ dcv-;.". JSlO'lire-e'n's!., bet. Octavia and Laguna.
TO v LET. COT! AGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
"JL jiepi $J.g- '.-449 Bryant st. "
SC.NN^. COTTAGE 4- ROOKS, LARGE BASE-
merit, suitable lor beer-bottling or milk depot:
. large yard. stable; .-i horses. '919 Cappst.
.. •"•■, ■ :.".'■■■■. ■'•■■■.i.ET.ATS TO LET;
-'A^Zifc TWENTY-SECOND. NR. CHURCH—
r-ri.OOX) Bay-winuow, sunny flat; 6 rooms: bam;
$ia m: ;.- ■'• ■
R.AKEI.Y .B • AUTIFUL; N\V. COR. SUTTER
"a:>d S:otr.'£t.; 6 big rooms: $27 50; water free;
j.ppreolatcd if -seen. Apply 2300 utter St., cor.
.01 -c :;. -.'• '•.,..'• / .
•1 9 -MINNA, NEaR ELEVENTH— 4, 5
-rsanny rooms: fo .-dins-doors: gas; yard:
'renr?l4 50 up." ". .
QT 1- CLEAN FLAT: DOUBLE PARLORS;
11. bath: 4 rooms. 41 Hermann, junction of
*' Market ; and Valencia.
TWO FLATS OF 3 AND 4 ROOMS AND
••'■-L bath;. S9 and $10. « and 10 Lausette aye., near
'Flllmore'and 'Haieht sta.
<Xl -WEST .MISSION, NEAR TWELFTH— S
' — • ; «■; pleasant, sunny rooms; second floor. * .:■'-'.
i* l-v'-MoALLISTEK— SICK Ui'PER SUNNY
V) tC fiat; 6 rooms and bath; }30.
"11 ! N ATOM A— FLAT OF 4 ROOMS: LAUGE
I 1 I yaril : sun all day; rentSlO: no chiuiren.
ri'liQ'-NKW • lIODEBN SUNNY UPPER. '
. '^P 1O. C flat and bath. 653 Castro, nr. Nineteenth. :
'I7LKGANT: NEW" FLAT; 7 It OilS; BATH.
:.'Xm hS7 Ellis St. -bear \ an Ness aye.
;"iajO -4 sI'NNV ROOMS, REAR OF 27 PEARL
\<pV- St.. liT Market, near Valencia.
.<• SUNNY- K()O>'S, $14: ALSO SUNNY C«»T-
-.-O tii-'»- 4 rooms', ?11. 628 Second, near Bran nan.
.' .■* IARGK SUNNY- RUOUB; YARD AND
Jt. basement. . Eighteenth and Harrison. ." ■ ..'; . '
1 V')O1 SACRAMENTO— FLAT OF 5 ROOMS;
'lO^dt modern Improvements; $16.
TWO NEW SUNNY FLAT-: 6 AND? ROOMS, j
: 4 11.8 Golden Gate aye., cor. Webstar st.
QT ;.|» LOWER FL T; 5 SUNNY KOOMs.
•<Zf}' .' V« Sanchez st., near Seventeenth.
OFFER FOR FIVE DAYS; 3 TO 7 ' BOOM
from $8 to $18. SI'ECK CO. , 602 Market.
FLATS TO LKT FOR VEiiV LI 11
money at BALDWIN i HOWKLL'S, 10 Mont*
tOJJit.ry % .- ,
i 117.A1' MODEKN FLATS. 6 AND 6
'. *■'' -fooim. fKio •<»» tti<-m. MS K "venth nt.
'- -".' ': V HOISEKKKriXG KOOMS.
';■' :V. ■ ' ;'• Bartlett. Street.
A 1 BABTLBTT ST.. BET. TWENTY-FIFTH
. U-l and- 1 wenty-slxth— 3 sunny room-, fur-
•'nlshtd- complete, for housekeeping: with use of
ba;h « nd ■hoi.a aco:d water; wasbtubs; $15. -
■:.;.• .. ■• ! -. Ruclianan Street.
'■'(\(\ i 9 ' Bt ' C HAN AN-s"uNNY BAY-WINDOW
\>\J~ and.*m,all kltclK-n, $11; with large, »li.
- I""-..- .-'".. *-'ahiornia Street.
1 99Q CAJ,irOUN,A-HANDSOMKLY FUR-
' J. tJ_t/ nvshev parivir; use or dining-room and
kitchen; (12: also singly suuny room, suitable for
: lady.  .'■.-,.• . - ••
. o" • . Cleveland StTeot. »,"<*'•"-*■
•I 9 CLEVELAND.' rfFF^SKVENTH,; BELOW
' 1 — J olsom-^unay furnikhed iront housekeeping
suite, 55?.
Kighth Street..
TOQ ki^hth-nichTsi complkte-
X\JU ly furnuhed housekeeping rooms: cheap,
i ii.ii Mr«»o..
I A- FIFTH-PLEASANT BCKNY UNFUR-
-ivl nishedroums to-let. . ; •;" ' v "
O9X FIFI H — UNFURNISHED DOUBLE
«J —•) parlors, kitchen, bath, or would furnish..
4901 K.FTH— 2ROOMSCOMPL!- I KLY FUR-
"'-' ( -'~ Diabed foi- housekeeping; water in kitchen.
x uiMiiii Mre«»;. "-■.'
70/1 l-OI.SOM-2 OR 3 FURNISHED OR'UN%
• v/tjt fnrnishid sunny housekeeping rooms to ltU
7QQ FOL-OM — NICE HOUSEKEEPING
" I rooms crvsap. •_ '. • ■-;
Q74 FOLSOM-NICE BUNNY- FURNISHED
0• a rooms for housekeeping: double orsliißiu.
1 •;"! 9 KOLSOit ST., BUT. EIGHTH AND
J —1— Ninth— 2 large housekeeping rooms-
yard and cellar. • ,;* _ . ■
Golden Gate Avenue. -*-.' .* .■:"■
. f-OA -GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FRONT
\>4.\J Bun, complete for housekeeping, $20. ' 1
' 7'Jf\ GOLDEN O GATE AVK— CONVENIENT
• •'"' housekeeping room, furnished Or unfor-
nlshed, m. .. . .... . .. -• ..
Q I "I GOLDEN* GATE— LARGE NEWLY FUR-
nished front room; cas: running water.
c ' *_. i.'ow»rrt >, . eoc. .". '
749 HOWARD - LARGE SUNNY FUR-
-1 " 3 — aisiied front room; housekeeping, others.
Q{?< A HOWARD ST. — FRONT ROOM AND
V\J;i. Kitchen. $14: nice front rooms, $9. •
1 Q9*J H w ARD-2 OK 8 Ft RNIrsHED
X iJ+* rooma complete for housekeeping. , •
I±M MU\VA RD-l FU U. \ l ROOM FOR
housekeeping': rent cheap. ■ •.
. •* Utuiny >treer.
TAJ KKAKNY-5 ,U?FUEMSHJED -ROOMS
JAM and bath; bouaeleeplin, $20. • •
"„-.*■'.-• *;!-»«.*• k. 111 >..reo..- -.
Vi}O LARKIN— 3 XL GANT SUNNY' HOUSE-
t-'.ZXi keeping apartments; first floor; ce«itral.
1A I OX- LARKIN— FURNISHED AND C.V
J.vJO' furntsned bay-window corner rooms;
others: sunny kitchen. .'■>• • ■ "■'.*•-.
' . * L Liberty Street.,
"1.-OQ LIBERTY — LARGE" SITTING AND
*;w bedroom: kitchen with* gas stove: sunny:
coEflplet« and weil ftrrnishei ; garden; lovely sur-
rounding*; electric car. -
HOI'SEKKEPI>Q ROOMS— Continued.
'' "; . ■ - ' Minna strew.. '
9QI MINNA, (OK. FOI'BTH-HOUSEKEEP-
*iOX ing; complete; front, double and single.
I AZ MINNA-1 LARGE SUNNY ROOM:
<nU light housekeeping: t>uliable for man ana
wife or 2 genis. - •
Mission Street.
nr.Q MISSION — 2 WELL-FURNISHED
Oiii/ housekeeping rooms; front and sunny.
yen 11I8SMX- FURNISHED ? ROOMS;
i/« >_ light housekeeping; also i>iugle front room.
. • I :<rr,-i! Street.
Cl 9 O'FARRKLL - FURNISHED ROOMS
«>l^for housekeeping, $11; unfurnUbea; a.so
Others.
1 owe! I street.
Q-l Q POWELL. NX. l I.AY-4 ROOMS C.V
V X. «* furnished for housekeeping; ton floor.
San Jose Avenue.
Q9l SAN "JOBK ' AYE.. NEAR TWENTY-
•J* I fifth— 2 unftirnlsheJ sunny rooms, front
and back parlor; suitable for housekeeping; $6.
&«ventji street.
1 JO SEVENTH (GIKARD)— SUITES AND
It- kitonens;al»osiimie rooms; newly, renovated
■ tilth Street.
4<7Q SIXTH —LA KG RUNNY ' FRONT
— v rooms nicely furnished lor housekeeping;
also single rooms. . •'■"■■'.' .
r;<;O sixth - * CONVENIENT. UNFUR-
• )_»/ ulshcl rooms, cellar. $10: also 3 rooms, 19.
Mockinn street.
(TUT 1820 STOCKTON ST.— ROOMS, FUR-
«j) x -_. iiisiied complete for housekeeping:' large
yard.
Suttef Street. ■
«-.) SUTTER-»10: 4 NICE UNFURNISHED
{ • )'i rooms: basement, with range, gas, water;
no small children.
\ .hi >»»» Avenns.
Q1 I VAN NESS AYE.— TWO BASEMENT
G-LJL (street level) unfurnished rooms; water:
gas; wa.shtubs: floored yard; $b' monthly; or
separately; afternoons.
O'JOVAS NESS (BELLVUE)— CHANGED
— • '— hands: nicely turnlshed sunny suites of 2
and 3 rooms: separate kitchens; gas ranges: com-
plete; reasonable,
Miscellaneous. "
;r97 MONTGOMERY, COR.. CLAY — OPEN
< i—t until i).d: o'clock; branch oltice ot lus
C all: subscriptions an,! want ads taken.
ROOMS "TO LET.
-Bryant Street.
AAO BRYANT— FURNISHED HALL ROOM
rfiO to let; $5 per month.
:./ liush Streec.
QO(\ BUSH— 2 SUNNY CONNECTING FRONT
«'-v rooms; bath; running water; $10, $6; botn
$15. ' . ■-!«■■
V> I-ißhih Street. ;'- ;'
o-irv EIGHTH. NEAR FOLSOM-S LARGE
Ox.\J rooms: rent $10. . ,
CHB.RMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 ' KTH
0 si., near Market: lornisbed and unfurnished.
Eddy Street. v';'
■I I Q EDDY— FOUR NEWLY RENOVATED
J. 1O sunny rooms; cocy quiet bouse; cut-rate
prices.
i-uis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS— INI'ANDEf;-
-centlißh's: reading-room, smoking-room aid
ladles' parlor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50:
week. *2 to $8: month, $8 to $30;." elevator on
otlice floor; rooms with hot an 1 cold water: baths.
RO>EJJALK, 321 ELLIS-SINGLE ROOMS
25c: double rooms 50c night; transient. ;•' •
1 -1 /♦ TURK ST. — LARGE SUNNY SUITES,
11U handsomely furuiMhed; single; board opt.
iiitii street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN —SELECT FAMILY
'X hotel: 100 Fifth . St.. cor. Mission; rooms
60c, 75c and $1 per night: $2 to 85 per week.-'
i ■ 1 -<im Street. '-"-••>•.
I7nhl FOLSOM, NEArt FOURTH — LARGE
I 002 furnished room to let; $4. .
i 1 1 .
1 uiton Street. -
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY
furnished Ton; sing or en suite; $8 & $lttup.
Geary Street.
997 GEARY- ELEGANTLY' FURNISHED
_— . I rooms en suite or single. . ".- ■
791 GEARY— FURNISHED ROOM;
I—l rent reasonable.
U(\-\ GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED, BAY-
OU 1 window rooms; reasouaole;, elegant, new
corner flat. ••'•/•.••'•"- •
.- Guerrero Street.). »
i 9-1 - GUERRERO-4 BEAUTIFULLY FUR-
_I») nished, sunny housekeeping a-ooms; exclu-
sive use of kitchen. \
Gulden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATK AYE.— SUNNY DOU-
£i- U ble and single rooms from $5 up.
Howard Street. ..
I I 49 HOWARD— 2 SUNNY, FRONT, FUR-
-1 I JL nisbed rooms; range; .water; rent $8
to no. . : ".«
-19.17 HOWARD— UPPER PART 4 l SUNNY
X _ .U I rooms and bath: renovated; reasonable.
. Hyde Street. . : '•
-1 C HYDE — 2 SUNNY, UNFURNISHED
X «-) rooms and bath.
, ones -tree — :. t
rig JONES— SUNNY FURNISHED BED-
OIC room for lady or married couple; $6. .
■ " henrnv Street, . ■ -
A KLINGTON ' HOUSE, ',. 127 KEARNY _
J\- P;easantsnnny rooms, en suite and single; firs:
class In every respect: term* reasonable.
' ■ i.ui-Mn Street. .
/(9Q LARKIN- NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
u~</ ny single rooms; terms moderate.
".-".;' .-vi*. r '>'.'.Vl.elQeBdorn* Street.
II d LKIDESDORK*. BELOW . MONTOOM-
J ID cry— Front sunny room; very cheap: quiet;
call and see. . - - .. •• - : ■ »-; -■-.':
iiitikr'; >tree>.
"\TGSEMITK HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
X night, Hoc to $1; week, $1 60 to *5: families.
Martha. Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, ABOVE
Mason— Nicely furnished, Lam sunny room, for
1 or 2 gentlemen, $8: also single, $5 month.
. ; ■ ftiakon Street. ;".". i: :> "."•'■':
no MASON, OPP. NATIVE SONS' HALL—
'trlO Nicely lurnlMied sunny rooius;sU and $9 mo
atiii,,-, -»V«J«».. •
'aan minna, cor. "kighth— NEWLY fur-
UUI nlsbed bay-window rooms; $1 per week.
.Mission street. . _
7f»Q MISSION — A URGE, FURNISHED
•DO tront room, with store, j / •
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 MISSION: | HKLF.CT .
family roomlog-house: .. $1 60 to $6 per week.
.>inth Street..''
m NINTH— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW^ AND
single frost rooms; central: cheup.
, *• O'i«rr»il .sireoi. -; .
OOP: O'FARRELL - NICELY EURNIRHKD
t7 .. Bu nny room; suitable for 2 gentlemen;
rent $10. ~-;--. .■ * rj :
lost Stree..
noi POST -NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
UtJX room, single: gas; water; bath; $5 month.
M A^" I i ODHHI POST AND MASON STS.
At 60 bay-window parlors, smaller rooms; gas,
runulng water, etc.; $1 60 to s4 per week.
. i owe 1 Mree.. . .
Ol <;-214 POWKLL (WILLI!SFORD)-NEWLY
1^ furnlahed sunny rooms: 'telephone.
t<4 "' re* .
00 SIXTH— THE HILLED ALE-QUIET, BUN-
OO ny single rooms; tianslents-soilL-lied |j
949 SIXTH-LARGE FRONT ROOM, SUIT-
— 1 — able, for 2. 46.
' " Mevenßon Street. -.* • .•" '\
7QQ STEVENSON, NEAR NINTH AND
I VO Marke —Two nicely furnished large rooms
in private family; for gentleman. .- 8 ruolus
""'•'•'.., . . BtocMon trees.
99£ STOCKTON. UNION SQUARE - FUK-
—— U Dished rooms, en suite or single; $8 up. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1897.
KOOMS TO „ LKT— Continued.
Taylor Street. *
IAO TAYLOR ST.— SU "• NY FRONT rooms;
1 ii/ from $1 60 to $3 50 per week.
1 uiK street.
Tif'TURK- LARGE ' BUNNY SUITES,
.1 I\r handsomely furnished; also single; board
optional. . -
Xl'J TURK-SUNNY*. FURNISHED ROOM ;
c»~r» > folding -bed; running water; grate; gas
and bath: $10.
V«n l\ea« Avuiiuo,
99f» VAN NESS AYE.-FOR RENT. ELE-
**£>\J sant furnished room, single or en suite.
Aiiscellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEEN 1 ii ST., NEAR MISSION;
branch rQice of Thk Call Subscriptions and
want ads tak-n.' :■.'.' .
BOABOOO AND KOOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 MARKET— NOW
J.X. open tinder new management; has been ar-
tistli ally tinted, papere 1 aud elegantly furnished
i throughout; hot and cold water In every room:
elevators and every modern convenience; parties
now cau have choice o. carp.ets and *'»■ nl.ure; the
table, uuder the supervision or Kowaskie. the
well-known French chef, will be unsurpassed.
-91 POST-NICE SUNNY. ROOM. JF I N E
UZu I board, for 2, $40; single rooms from $22.
SUNNY ROOMS AND BOARD; HOME GER-
man cooking.. 625 Valencia st.
Jl9 KDDY— GOOD SUNNY- ROOM, WITH
11— board, for 2 gentlemen; alBeaih-
-71 9 POST— 1 JbARGE SUNNY "FRONT
I -L— room, with board; also sing c room.
y'JQ GEARY— SUNNY' SUITS "OF ROOMS:
UOprlvate bath;sultable families; French board
1 9^l MISSION. COR. NINTH — CORNER
-i-^'JJ- room; 2 gentlemen; $20 month.
1 1 At; BU-SH, COR. LEAVENVVORTH— FUR-
-L I.VU hisbed or unfurnished room: m suite or
Single: flrst-t'»3g table; references exchanged.
7«; C PINK (KENOVA)— STRICILY FIISST-
• -«J class piivate boarding-bouse; newly fur-
nished: table unexcelled; reference*
£04 RUSH, COR. STOCKTON — SUNNY
OO^. suites and single rooms; private boarding.
1401 AN . NESS, COB. BUSH— PARLOR
x iv.i suites; single and double rooms; board.
OjlC VAN NE^S AYE.— .NEWLY FUK-
OvO i.ihhed tunny rooms or suite, with board.
HOTEL Bi-.RTLING, 714 B- Sll-A FAMILY
hotel: riiicei: ail modern conveniences.
STORKS TO LET.
"VfICE STORK WITH 3 SUNNY RCOMS AND
1> bath, basement, and yard; rent $ -5. 613
Uaightst. , ; )
OR RENT— BARBKR-SHOP; FINE LOCA-
ton: cheap rent. Apply to CAPP & DUN
1200 Market si. '
LARGE BTOBK, 2 SHOW WINDOWS AND
4 large rooms; rent only $23 50. 422 Sixth.
Aid FOURTH— SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
•llv in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEX
i CO.. 14 .Montgomery »t.
OFJFICE3 TO LET.
one POWELL, COR. GEARY- NEWLY REN-
— — • ' ovated parlor floor, suitable for doctors.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. 'r !:
\ RE YOU ..BOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
X\~ We sell them for $3, $4, $5. $3, $7. $8. .*". $10
per month: ahsoforcash; the best makers of every
grade: don't pay rent when the same monthly
pnym nts will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY .v- CO., cor. Kearny and Suiter sis.. Stein-
way dealers. *.*.■';
A BbOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
.tV bouse west of Chicago Is KOULEK A
"CHASE'S. 26, 23 and 30o'l<arrell si.; pianos, or-
gans aud all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy, prices lowed;.:
every possible dune to please and oatUfy the
customer.
\\rEBKR, HAKDMAN. STEINWAY AND
"' others in our bargain-room; low st prices In
the city; New 1 ork piano, $30: Ladd C 0..*76;. .* 76;
Uhilips. $80: bteinway. $125: Weber, £250:
Hardroan, *390. THE A. DEWING CO., second
floor, Flood building, Fourth and Market sis.
ACTUALLY THK BKST BA.tOAIN* IN Vl-
bdos; monthly payments from $5 Dp: deliv-
ered free with stojl and cover; correspondence
solicited. THE F. U. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market »:., opp. Mtuio.'i; ebtao
l.shi-rt over 2O years. . j .-;.
BONA FIDK RK'DUCTIOX IN PRICES—
Haines. Knabe, Bush it Gens and others: sec-
ond-hand pianos irom $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON. successor to A. J. Bancroft & Co., 824 i'osu
HAW, STKI.NWaY; $250:- OHII KBRING,
O $IHS; bar.-alns, $4 a month; a nice small up-
right. $95. HEINE, 13(5 El, st.
Qj-1 i.X ' $160— BEST BARGAINS IN THE
♦ipJ-— O. cty; good second-hand uprights. The
ZE N O M A.L" VA I Music Co . 769 Market su
A IiJII.MSTKAIUK'S SALE — WJb'f bliLtT
A pianos as immense reduction for cash or ou
aliments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market.
Q 1 A A ELEGANT OROYBSTKKS FULLER
<4p x. \) \J . ulauo $5 installmeuti. 221 Leuvenworth
BARGAIN, $75-; ERARD. FISCHER AND
other upilghts. HoRNUNG's, 216 Post st.
STEINWAY PIANO FuR IMMEDIATE
sale; $125. Room 12,' Flood building.
C;] 7,- NEW UPRIGHT, STOOL. SCARF;
O-L ' v. warranted 5 yrs. BRUENN'S, 228
BARGAIN, FINli LAKGE DPR IGH T.CHE AP
si 11 MIT/. 18 McAllister, next Hibemia Bank.
AT r>HKK.\IAN, CLAY <fcCO.'s ONLY WILL
you rind a s:nck of new .->teinwny pianos
W<i. BADGER. SOLE A> ENT FOR HALLKt
• A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sucto.
YHON II.UZV. SOb Pusl' ST.— sOHM.u..tf,
Newby £ l-.VRnv Brlgtrs and other pianos.
UPKRIOK VIOLINS, EITUXJtS, OLD& NEW
OH. MULLKR. irtakor. rer>Hlrer 'i 1 h ham T>iac«.
HOKSKS. .
TEIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send" for catalogue 110 McAllister St., H. I.
A UCTION BALES KVKRY SATURDAY AT
X\. 11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia st., 3.
watkin>, acctioneer. * '.-
At I HOUSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
■11' baggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth Bt.:" auction sales every Wed-
nesday. IsULLIV AN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ADY'S HORSE AND TOP BUGGY FOR
sitlu cheap. Apply Duvisadero-su stable, near
McAllister.
THOROUGHBRED FIRST -CLASS YOUNG
1 saddle horse. 310 Golden Gate aye. .
C A HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
«JV/buslness 900 to i6OO pounds. Old Turk-st- car
stables. 1301 Turk; team of large young mule).
P.IWJ 6,KT NKW AND MiCOXI>UA.N liAtt-
O\J\J seas; ail kinds: rusty. wacon. carts, surrsz
A- rocka-.var 40 cheay horses. 15t>i an! Val-- ■• 1
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
•VTKW AND hECOND-HAND BAKER. LAUN-
Xi dry and milk wagon: also tine top buggy and
roc way. 818 Harrison st. ' . .-■ :. ■• .
DENTISTS.
riBOOHE DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gats specialists: pamle.s<
extrac.ing, with gas, $1; plates, $7 up: fl>l, $1 up.
FULL SET OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, . coolest plate made;
warranted 10 ytars: till Ings. 60c; crowns, $3 0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth street
flu 7 ' FULL SET TEETH: Bfc»»T MAKE;
0 I .-.kept 1 1 repair; extracting free; fllllngs,soc;
crowns, $3 50. • Pacific IH-otal Parlors, IS Third.
■pOSITIV KLY PA I W kKBS? EXTRACTION. DR.
JT HARDING, SOOSutter cor. Powell; tc1.ma1n5375
It. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET ST.: OPKN
evenings: Sundays till noon; dentistry taught
COLIO-> 1)I-.>1AL A^OLl.' ilO^.HUd-lAtt-
ket si. UK. CHARLK- W. DEcKEtU ;.-
-*7 A bKT FOR 'li.JiiH-WAKRA -.TED Ai
«3> I good as can be made: filling $1 UK *IMUA
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
PAI.VLKBS l-.XTK ACTION, SOc. CRoW.V
1 bridge work a specialty: plates $5 tip: 13 yean
experience. R. L WALSH. UD.ix. 816% Geary.
I \K. LUDLUM iiiLu 1443 M.ARKKT &T, .Nti.
XJ Eleventh; no rharce for . extracting whsa
plates are made: old plates- made over Ilk new;
leelh irom $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
BJil' Or 'IJcKi It AVlTiioUl **■ *'*--».»«i« vii.
H. U. Young. 1841 Polles;.*.,;.
f^tw UKOAUK W. Li-Kii, 'I>IK OtNUINS
JL/ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraotioa
»cd patentee of Unproved bridge work or teem
Without any plate, moved from ttto 10 U I' arrell*:.
ALL WORK . hKABOK ABLE ■ . AN D WA^i-
ranted. DR. J. W. jity. 1320 ilarnet st. i .
. - l'H YSICI AN S. ;~"-: '
I »R. C. C. O'DONNELL. 1208 MARKET, RES.
XJ i! 864 25tu &v ; uiu-iun vi wom«a »sjyt;cii»iiy.
* • PERSONALS.
MISS JESSIE AND LIZZIE KEEGAN, LATE
with G. Lederer. expert hmrdre.-SHr, dyeing
and bl. aching - specialty. 124Va O'Farrell si.,
phoue Brown 353-. , ', -, ._ ' ' '
TW>» ■: RENOWNED.' -.* ITALIAN . KESTAU-
.X rants combined: F. DELMuNTE & CO.. pro-
prietors of the o d Boon Gusto Restaurant, 4--.1
1 roadway, have consolidated with MR. ANGELO
DKLMONTK, proprietor of the celebrated Fior
d'ltalla at 430-4^2-434 'Broadway,, just opposite.
A DVICK FRKE; DIVOHCE LAW- A >PKC-
-V -laity : private, - no I fee nithou; . fnccess: pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, .collections, bills of sale'
damages, etc.; private detectives; estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE. a at- law. 850 Market.cor.Utocktn
AT THE BICYCLE TOUKNAMENT
The whtelmen were provided with VITA
OIL for sprains, bruises ana preventing lameness;
91 bottle; 15, .15: 910 million; charges prepaid; try
it yourself. Addr-ss 1633 BUCHANAN ST.
V OO Have a wea X BACK; " ' -
1 It's easily cutvd; also RHKUMATISM, at DR.
SMITH'S KLECJ ROM.^GNEITC BATHS; these
hoi baths will make you strong again; go early
and avoid the crowd: hygienic board, also sunny
rooms. SANITARIUM, 1533 BUCHANAN SI.
ARRIVED— MISS OLLIE L*AKK, MAGNETIC
-CX healer, -pa; m st. Rooms 3 and 4, 309 Sutler.-
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
X vonable: .10 years' experience: all maters
confidential. O.K. WEBSTER, 1027 Market, rm.d.
PANISH FORTUNE TELLER FRO^i THE*
KasU J 223 Post St., room 17.
RAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDKR AND FUR
XV sale: also : chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres:
dealer iv carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. OEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
T OWEit CALIFORNIA— ANTED, 300 FAM-
I i llies to colonize large tract of land 15 miles
east of Eusenada* Apply, ut 224 Seventh s:.,
5. F. • ' JOHN M. PUKTER, Set reiary.
MMX. HOLLAND. CARD- READER; M.«(i-
netic treatments a specialty. Rm. 1, 223 Post.
M.Mi:. MYKTLE POTTER, REMOVED- FROM
13G2 Market st. to 33 Sixth, room 17.
T CANBLEaCHTHEHAIRoK"UNBLKACH"
X it: bleachiug the roots of the hair 50c: bleached
It: bleaching the roots of th* hair 50c: bleached
or gray hair restored to natural color, $1 50 to $6: I
halrdrt-83lng, the best In the city, -26c U.
LEDEitEn, 111 Stockton st.
pilOF. GLEASON. THE "KING OF HORBK-
XT tamers," says "VITA OIL gives immediate and
permanent relief; my experience is that the rem-
edy is equally good for men and horses." $1 bou;
6, *6; $10gai.; chgs. prerald. 1533 BUCHANAN.
TH NKWLY INVENTED
Adjustable Horseshoe Magnet— The most pow-
erful men leal acent ever employed for the cure of
RHEUMATI M; Used at DR. SMITH'S Ei.EC-
T..0-MAU.VETIC HA i.US; hygienic ooard; sunny ,
rooms. SANITARIUM, 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
A TED— OLD GOLD FOR MAN Of AVI VR-
»» ing. O. NOLTE, jeweler, 222 O'Farrell su
HHUFSCHMIDT.- SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gastitter. 623 Golden Gate ay. Tel.,Butler47l.
ID ELI ABLE AND KFFICIKNT DETECTIVE
XV service. Rooms 19. 20 and 21, Chronicle bldg.
ALL PAPER ATCOST-.PAINTINO. PAPK.B-
-'» haucingand Interior decoration* our specialty;
best workmen only. "MEKIGAN," 1302 Webster.
AGM3COPE - NEW 1-KOJECTINU MA-
chine; uses (he klnetoscope llims; nrlce 10-
-duced, 9150. BACIGALtPI, 946 Market su
ff> I A DOZEN— FINE I'ABl.Ntio -.*' V> *+*.
<pl KON'S Gallery. 028 Markeu
BIG OUTDOOR sTERhOPTXCON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; . promoters of bust-
ness. Consult OWL A IV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
PAINTING, • WHITENING. PAPERING;
lowest-estimates -.best work guaranteed; wall pa-
per 8c roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
c 97 aIONTGOMEitY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
<)~ I vi'l'UK Call; vtautada ana •uuscxlptlonj
taken. ' • • " •• . . ■
I. AHTINGTON'S SCHOOL OK MAGAZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as 10
terms, etc 424 Pine at.; Illustrations :urliiabed
lor magazines, 'newspapers, etc.
UPTUK.E AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
XV ontll cured: send for book. - DRS. fclAJish
FIELD <& PORT KRFI ELD. 838 Market st.
ELt-.CTRIC LIGHI'S IN EVERY ROOM:
Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
200 rooms. 260 to 91 60 per night: 91 50 to *6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLOAKS. FUKS A.\ ii blili's KETAILED aT
wtiolesala prtcet. ■ Factor?. 20 Sansome
CLAIRVOYANTS. j
MRS?. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't fall
to bee her if you are interested In the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, , business' transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
piopertr, lost or 'absent friends. Interest you: If
you care, to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you sbvnld go and whom to avoid, i
when to buy and sell sio.ks, etc.; In a word, what* {
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or .desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9A. m. to 8 iv*i., strict. H. B-— Satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send -stamp for pamphlet,
hjieciul terms. MRS. DR. V. 'CLARK. 1206 Mar-
ket St., parlors 25 and -6. 'take elevator.
ME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
i'I er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, pay,
present, :utur ■; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing ezcepted; names given; good advice: sure
help; restores los.t lovs by sympathy; mistake Ira-
possible: fee 91: letter 92. «2t* Post su. nr Larkln.
MMh. LX NORM AND, THE GRKAIEST
clairvoyant in the world: life charts coma n-
lng complete delineation of character and future
life, only $2 50: readings by mall, 60c; private
readings, 25c. Office, 1 Polk st. '
MMX. LENEMAR: FORTUNES BY PLAN,
ets: predicted "74" overdue steamer island.
7 Grant are., room 8.
"\*MK. MELBOURNE. GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
a>t ant; never fails: call and be convinced. 419
Geary st:, room 22, second 1! or. od4>- 25c.
MME. KOSIE, PALMIST: MAGNETIC
treatments for rheumatism a specialty. Room
2. 1016 Muncet St.. or 11 Eddy street.
MMX. MOKEAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT AND
medium in city; j fee 25c up. 764 Howard st.
■uitueloray.clairvoyant.cardread-
Xlier and 1 in! mi it. 11 by M.ssluii st. ,bet."7. hand Bth
MISS MELVILLE, \VKLI-K.\UWA" CLAlß-
voyuiit, 61 Fifth Mb : water readings a specialty.
ME. KAVKXA READS HFK FLUENTLY:
business advice: names given; 25c up.s Fourth
MISS PKARL, PALMIST, MAGNETIST, RE-
Xl moved from 223 Post 10 120V2 Oeary, rm. 2.
p\PBY LIFK- LEADER, 3 SEVENH ST.;
\J ladies 25c, gents 5Uc: all questions answerea.
MM. NKOMA, CARD-READER: PAST,
present and future; -be. 131 Fourth st
Milk SYBILLK TELLS FROM CRA-DLK TO
grave: plctur»« rivemladles 25c: !<24 CFarralL
; .< 'spiritualism.
mmk. osm an. SPIRITUAL TRANCK MEDI-
um; lite readings, lov<> affairs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations a special Missiou
MY- LO KEY- PUBLIC TEST CIKCLE TO-
night; 10c; line music. 405 McAllister st.
MR. HANSEN'- TEST CIRCLE, 8 P. M. ; 10
cents: 1118 Market at.: private sit, ing, 91.
"L^OX BISTERS' ANNIVERSARY MATEKI-
J? alizln; seance to-niaht; 8: 535 Post st; 60& '
ADDIE SWAIN'S TRANCE SEANCE, AT 'i
and 8 o'clock, to-night, 10c. 114 Jones st.
MMX. YOUNG'S TEST CIKCLK TO-NIGHT-
IVX Hie: convincing tests. 418 McAllister si.
MISS PRATT, CARD-READING WONDER;
magnetic healing specialty. R. 6 620 Bush.'
VRfc-E MAGNETIC TREATMENT, REVEAL-
X? Ed medicine, etc Dr. St. Clulr, 124 Sixth st.
MRS.- BTKER»,~P*YOiiOMKTRIBT:- ORES
examined; readings 91. 112^Oak su ■>
3^Lf MCALLISTER— (. IK., 2 AND 8
—yJ p. m.: trance sittings. MRS. C. J. MEYER.
Am. FRANCIS," independent SLATE
. writer. , 118 Hatch; su: hours 9 until Or.M.
MRS. MAYO -VEERS, 112V4 OAK: CI.CLE
ii. Tuesday, 8 p. x., Thurs., * p. v.: readings 91.
RB. H. A. GRIFFIN— CiR. SUN. EVi.. ; 250:
lest mtg. Thur. eve.; stgs daliy. 4-ibi/s Grove
Vl KS.' T. J. \\ HiINKY. • CLAiKVoYAN V,
I'm. tranoe test n t-dluui & ;ife reader. "^lB Stockton
>• r ' ■■ ' " ; ; ■ ; \ hypnotism: • ; f v '
■pHEUMATIBM AND- ALL OTHF.R PAINS
XV relieved in 1 treatm't or no charge. 1346.Murk't.
YPN OTISM V CURES S, WHEN ALL ' ELSE
falls; also taught. Hypnotic Just.. 6 U'Furrell.
, PHRENOLOGY.
T>R«'.p. BEHKENS READ-? CHaRACTEK'BY
'X the head of men ana women as an ope» book;
adaptnbliKy in business and murriage. 131 Mm 1
gomery i>u •■•':..■
; ." » HOTELS.
BROOKLYN J HOTEL. 208-212- BUSH ST..
board and room 91 to (2 per . ds>y. »6 to 9U
per week; choice rooms 60 cenis to 91; suit*
rooms lor family 91 10 si 60 per night: tirst-clau
Mrvwa; Uh-ucvMCU tIiAJ.LLsi MuMUuailittx"
1
CITY : REAL' ESTATE.
sol GETZ & BROTHER,
• KEAi. estate owners,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
. LOW PRICES, GRBAT BARGAINS.
mAKS ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
X purchases, get a lot cheaper than you ever will
again.
*1 00 Sl5O TO 9300: • BUILDING LOTS:
«3 1 v/V/. no grading; near Jilasion-su and San
Ilu'eo electric car lines: only 95 monthly.
SI P. *100, *150 TO$h00; CHOICEST LOTS
„ (O. south 01 the park: near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stand and boulevard; only $5
and 910 monthly Installments." . :
(fljOßn TO SHOO: RICHMOND " LOTS; WE
«tj £O\J can positively aui. you lv location, price
and terms. ' ' .
Call o>i us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams. * ■-. ■
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
$COC WHO WANTS THIS? $250 CAN
vPOZ.O. remain on roort.au-*: neat 1-story
frame: 4 rooms; 'lot 25x100 feet: cnick-n-house,
etc.; SE. cur. Randolph and Head sts.; block 50,
City Land Association. CH AS. C. FISHER, 507
California st- .
fl>4)/»A CASH. 910 MONTHLY RKNT, PAYS
»JP^.V/v/ for 6-roam house: centrally located:
Street macadamized: water: barn; valued at
41-00: must sell for *8 ;0: koo<l lots $100 and up.
THISTLtTOIN, 262 Sadowa st. (Ocean View).
<3>l/*-/A 229 DIAMOND >s>T., EasT SIDE,
tjpXUOU. between 19th and 20 h. near 20th;
neat one-story house, 4 large rooms, newly pain ed
and papered; lot 27:6x100 feet: stree. work done;
offered forsa'e on »ccuunl,of departure." CH AS.
C. FISHER, 507 California st. .'
ON ACCOUNT OF ILL-HEALTH, OWNER OF
one of the best-paying warehouses in the State
must sell: income last year over 15 percent net;
terms, part exchange, balance on time; fu lest in-
vestigation, solicited. Funiculars address C. L.
HOVE V, 8. second floor. Mills builiipg.
OUF.C\(\ K-CNTS $900 i"KR ANNUM; COST
I «!TvJ«JUI/. *800l)lessthan 6 months ago: 4 new
fiats in the Missloq; two separate buildings; mod-
ern and always rented; good neighborhood: niU3t
be sold; apply at office 'for full particulars.
HHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,- 218-220
Montgomery su
OR SALE— A CORNER LOT, 60x100 FEET,
25th, aye. a d A st.; a fine investment; must be
sold. Inquire 144 4th St., City. .
% 1 Cnn HOUSE AND LOT. 60x70: 16TH
«IP lt/v/vf. and York sts.; bargain; see owner.
*)QZ.I\ MODKKN. 8-ROOM RESIDENCE
-Ct>U. on Ashbury St.; lot 50x95. KING &
McNALLY. 630 Market su
ONLY 1 LErT— NEW HOUSES. JUST COM-
pleted: sunny side Cole st.. near Waller; 10
rooms; large lot. 125 feet deep: street to bo bitu-
minlzed. Apply on premises-
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
-\.f\n HOUSES AND LOTS FROM $100
1 \f\f t0.....;..- ;; 918.000
150 ranches, all sizes, 9200 to .*. 8,000
200 business places, from $25 to 6,000
WHAT have you TO offer?
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market s:., o|.p. Fifth.
"L^XCHANGE— IN BERKELEY: LARGE COR-
Xj tier lot, near Ash by station; also In Tehactfapi
Valley, Kern County. 654 acres for proved
or Improved city property. Address J. 8., box '03,
thl3 office. , - • .
HOUSE OF 9 LARGE ROOMS: LARGE LOT;
near university; cash basis: free from mort-
gage, to exchange for city property. JOSEPH J.
MASON, Berkeley station.
MARKET- T. LOT-*, NEAR VALENCIA:
value 9v:0.00n-. modern house and lot, cen.ral
loca ion, value $7000, will be taken for part pay-
ment, balm cc on me. Address M. S.. box 139.
S;:^,- . MEDICAL. i': : Vi{s
A IX. CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) restored in a few
hours: safe arid sure at any time; instant relief for
travelers; home- In confinement; best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: my. celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fall; every case guaranteed :con-
imitation free, confiden.lal; hour* 10 to 5: pills #1.
MRS. UK. WYKTH, 916 Post su. near l.arkia.
1«. J. H. JO>SELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist, still offers his valuable services to the un-
fortunate. With a mind ma ured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there Is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
I treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he Is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has teen strength-
ened by extensive ejeperienca. Mo case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
: cafe la their eft -ctv. • His tried and valuable reme-
! dies for lost, manhood are never-falling .In their
I action, and are warranted for both ynun.' and old.
i Ue.excels all others' in the cure of private diseases,
over V years of practice enab.es him to warrant
'a. cure lv all cases. Consultation parlors. ttutj
Market su Call or write direct to 908 Market a:..
1 rooms 11 and 12.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY/HARM-
less: never fails In any case of monthly slck-
! ness, no m otter what cause; no elec:rlclty .bum-
bug or other dangerous-methods: money in every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home in
confinement with 'sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
•MRS. vihs, 14 McAllister su, next Uiburnla
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to*B p. it.
AKaW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
ttrurueut u«ed: every woman her own physi-
| cian for ail female troubles, no mat er from what
cause; resto always .•in one day; can be sent
and used a: home: positive cure; genuine new
process can only be had at my office: advertised
|!0 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearuy.su
]k PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RK-
■J\. store every case or* monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few boars when msdlcinea
and others have tailed; no Instruments used; '
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable: first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DX. 'D-iLKY, 1123
Market hi., over ihe Owl Drugstore.
PRIVATE ME* ICAL AND SURGICAL* OF-
X flee tor the cure of weak men, lost mannuod,
night louses,- varicoceie, etc.: also for female com-
plaints, blood and skin' diseases and diseases of
the liv»r, stomach, kidneys. Perfect cures guaran-
) teed. Call upon or writ* to DR. COOK, BtS5 Market.
T ADIES. CHICHESTER'B ENGLISH PENNY-
! X-J royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
I liable: take no other, bend 4c, stamps, ior particu-
-1 lars, "Relief lor Ladies." in letter by return mall:
at druggist's.. Cblchester Chein. Co.. Philadelphia
DR. FOULKVS FRENCH CAPSULE^ — V
guaranteed absolute curs for all female dis-
: eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
; sure, no okhk -r or after effects; taken In timei;
i also acts as a preventive; . pried 91 60 per box;
■ sent free by mail on receipt 01 jjneo. . W AJ-JLKU
BROS.. S3 Grant aye.
DR. AM) MRS. WI-GENER. 626. EDDY ST.;
private horns; every comfort: separate rooms
before and auring confinement: female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for travelers: best care; terms moderate: babies
adopted lv good families; consultation free; pills 92.
DRS. GOODWIN, SPECIALISTS. LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill.
tree diagnosis; low fees: < self-curd. 401 Van Ness
ALPEAU S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
-fi. dies with female troubles; nodauger; safe and
sure; if 2 60ex(>re*8 C. O. D. ; don't delay nut. too
late. 1 s. nuD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland
* bURB CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS.
■TV eases from whatever cause; a home In con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 226 Turi su j
ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DIS-
XX. easei of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary at ; consultation free.
• T\U PRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PII/LS;
XJ safe and efficient emmeuaEoirue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO..druggists. 406 Clay au, sol»
Don't fail to consult d^. Jvjkdan AT
bis museum, 1061 MarKet St. r his SO year*
tcccessful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment
ihe worst cases treated satisfactorily oy mail. - ■
ITN^URPA-teED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
J troubles, diseases. MUS.DR. PUETZ.2S4y 3 4th.
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHERS CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1418 Klghth sU. Alameda.
I .R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, .Ncdii
J ' Jones. Diseases o( women and child reo. "
PROPOSALS. • -
PACIFIC COAST J CKKY CLUB— SEALED
X proposals for customary privileges at Ingle-
s!de racetrack for the season of lfc97-98 will be
received at the office ot the secretary, Panors a
affl B, Pa ace Hotel, until April 10, 1897. F. H.
GJtEr.N, Secretary. ; . . .
SALE <iF IRRIGATION BONDS— NOTICE IS
0 hen-by given by the Board of Directors of
1 inda Vlttu Irrigatl n Disir.ct of >an Diego
County, cal., that said board lute 10 sell $824,-
-000 of the bonds i f said district on Tv sday. me
13th duy of Apr! , 1897. at 10 o'c ock in tutt tore-
noon of that day, and will receive healed proposals
ior Ihe purchase of .said - umonnt o bonds at its
office in said district, uml. that day and hour,
when the pi opus tils will be opened und considered
by said board. ' .;. . . . ■ ■■:■:-
-• -*. . GEORGE FULLER, President.
James P. ,To>fK*L Secretary.
Da;i-d March 16 1897. .
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
• * DVICE FREE: : DIVOKCE LAWS A SPEC-
-A laity; private; no tee without success: prolate.
insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc. ; private detectives; estab. 10 years.
O. W. HOWE. 850 Market *t: comer 1 Stockton su
A DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
-CL ceasf uL"; , W. W. DAVIDSON. 927. Mariet s-
K. W. KINO. ATTORNEY-.aT-LAW, CHRON-
• icle building; vice free; low lees; ail cases,
CI>V>TRY REAL ESTATE
©1 !\(\f\ 379 ACKES.LAND, LOCATB.D IN
'\pj-*j\J\j* Lake County, on muln county road:
fine tor stock purposes; and also adjoins one of the
finest lakes and resorts In tuat couuty. ' ■
©Qflfin lOi acres land, skvkn miles
iiPKJ\l\J\f. T om Watson ville. ctanta Cruz Coun-
ty; bouse six room*; good barn; 15 acres orchard-
-10 acres vineyard; fine running ntream water:
also iar.-e reservoir stocked with fish: horses,
cows, eh ck. us, farming implements complete;
terms easy. , . • , . ■.-..
<$!Qf\f\ 160 ACRES. ALL LEVEL WHEAT
<ipUV/c/. land, 'oa main line railroad, Tulare
Count y: worth double the price asked.
•' SHAINWALD, BUCK BEE & CO.,
>, .- 218-220 Montgomery at.. Mills building.
rpo RE T — CHICKKN, HOG AND DAIRY
J. ranch: stock and Implements for sale; 40 acres
in red oats; 45 minutes from ci.y; owner' quitting
account sickue fine oppor.unlty: household
■furniture'; piano. For particulars address T, box
126, Call Cflice. ,
© 1 l)f\(\ UNDIVIDED HALF -INTEREST
*S>X\)\J\J. in school section 7 miles from r.auds-
burg; pri cipals only. Address Land, b0x. 59,
Call < dee.
HOMESTKAD OF 160 ACKKB, SOME IM-
provements, fine alfalfa land, under water
ditch, sor *200; another near by for $150. Par-
ticulars 632 Market st., room 's.
ffljorvAN ACRE; HIGHLY IMPROVED
«JPOV/ farm of 460 acres: No. 1 alfalfa, grain and
pasture land: ienced and cross-fenced: good dwe:l-
lug of a lame rooms: windmill, tan chouse; water
piped to barn, etc.: all kinds of fruit trees In full
bearing; perpe.ual stream of water abounds farm
for one mile; carpenter and blacksmith shops,
with outfits: all kinds of farming machinery and
household furniture: horses, cattle, chickens and
herd of imported pedigree Berkshire hogs: pig-
gery; 3 barns: everything first-class: .unlimited
lree range. ROBERTS 8K0.5., CotionwOod. Cal.
BARGAIN: ALAMKDA COUNTY, 30 MILKS
from city; choice land; fruit, vegetables, grain
hay;.flo*lng (springs: $35 per acre. H. J. DIG-
GLES, 69 Columbian building, ban Francisco. . :
SEND FOR 1 ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
O California landT for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms b'9-71, Chronicle building, ;-an Francisco, CaL
C;C AN ACRE: I*JBO ACRES TIMBER; GOOD
<tJT«J for stock or fruit; plenty water. 8., box 40.
muTTLE & LOFTIB, LAND AGENTS; VERY
X large list ,of choice . country property, every
class, location, tor sale, exchange; houses rented;'
rents collected. 610 Market st-. opp. Palace Hotel.
LITTLE HUMES CLOSE TO town-; IM-
J proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre piece.!
on 8 and 1 > years' credit. D. H. TWING. Ho-
noma City; every Monday at 632 Market st.. 8. P.
L~>OR SALE OR LEASE ALFALFA LANDS UN-
i. canal. San Joaquin Co.. on railroad-. nr.Stock-
ton: $25 acre. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND B£AL ESTATE.
HEAP RENT— S-ROOM COTTAGE; SUNNY
V frontHije; large rd: stable and chicken-house,
only $7 60. Address J., box 9, Call Office, .Oakland.
COZY .MODERN COTTAGE WITH BATH
and all modern improvements; on sunny .tide
of street; must be sold; owner going away; price
$1800 cash: price greatly reduced for a quick sale-
oner wanted. Principals only address Owner, box
7, Call Office, Oakland.
Ea' A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOMESITE
while prices are low: lots $100 to $150 at
Fitcbburg. beyond Frultva'e; the best property
for investment now offered; local' trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and. 4s to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of dump
belt: soil excellent for gardening: very best water
facilities; good school: terms to suit. Before buy-
ing in this locality see the owner of this property
C. M. KUNKLE. 915 Vi Washington St., upstairs,
room 28, Oakland, CaL . *
TO EXCHANGE — OAKLAND PROPERTY
for rtinches.J H.EDS*»N.I2O9 Brosdway ,Oakld.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
AIAWT.TtK i.i- At. rSTAT"!.
FOR SALE— BARGAIN; CORNER LOT, 134
x 175; Pacific aye. and Schiller St.: offer
wanted. Inquire B. ARIaS, 1823 Pacific aye.,
Alumeda.
* *
l»>l(iXn BEAUTIFUL COTTAGE. COLON I-
Xp4OiJ\J. ai style, 6 rooms; conveniently lo-
cated, near Bay-street station; easy terms.
$2500— Colonial cottage, 5 rooms, near narrow-
gau c station ; easy terms. -. *
$2750— Beautiful .'cottage, colonial style, 6
rooms; near Grand-street station; "your terms are
ours."
MARCUSE &:REaIMEL. Bayst. station, broad
gauge. Alameda; 628 Market st., Salt Francisco.
Open Sundays and holidays. '
T ARGE MODERN 6- HOC 51 COTTAGE, IV
XJ perrect order and 55 foot frontage lot in finest
and most desirable location: offered for $^300;
less than ha f value. Apply to or address owner,
I. BARTON, B Js buuta Clara aye, Alameda.
BARGAINS— BEFORE BUYING SEX DA-
mon's model cottages: 4, 5 and 6 rooms: $1600
$1850, $2050 $2250; 441 Central aye., near Sec-
oud-ave. station, ulli c, 602 Market St.. S. F.
Gil OHO -LOT 35x100: COTTAGE 4 ROOMS
«J» ' UUU. bath and stable.
. $1750— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; any
terms; near station. • •
$2800— Lot' 40x150: beautiful new 'cottage Of 0
rooms and bah; $200 ca.-.'i. $25 per month. ;
83600— Handsome new co tage, 7 rooms anil
bath; ME. corner: Installment plan.
$2650— 2-story house; 6 rooms and bath.
$3-00— 2-storir house, 9 i corns and bath; corner.
94000— 2-st6ry liOush, 7 rooms and bath; large
lot: near station: any terms. *.-
• $5500— Elegant new 2-story house. 10 rooms and
bath; lOi. t Ox 150; fine neighborhood; near sta-
tion.
Building lots at a bargain: bouses to Ist.
H. P. MOREAL 4 CO., 1432 Park St.. Alamerta.
. ARiiAIN: AI.AMEDA COU vTY 30 MILES
■ from city; choice land; fruit, hay. gra n, yes;
etabies, with living springs; $25 to $35 per acre.
11. J. DIGGLE&t, 69 . Columbian building San
Francisco. . * _ "
,'AtAMEDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
SUNNY ROOM IN NICE FAMILY; REFER-
ences exchanged: near narrow-gauge. Address
C., Alameda Poatotllce.
fl>'_>" FIRST-CLASS MODERN HOUSK; IX
tjOO., best repair; 8 rooms: bath: conserva-
tory: law chlckeu yard; splendidly locate i.-
-2007 San Jose aye., Alameda, or inquire H. A.
SMITH.' 27 Market (C. ". .*" " ' '
MONEY TO LOAN.. . .V;* :
JJ- - * ,-,- j , ,- i- i - - _"i i. -i- . . -j'i.' - - -
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. Inii. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 MjasiouaL, above Sixth.
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY RESPKCTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to ob. ain liberal advances on diamonds
nnd jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
S:ore, 948 Market st.; telephone Green 204. ...
Q£'-tf)O Cl(\l\ AT 6 Va cent ON city
• O\JVJ.\J\J\J real estate; also Oakland: estates,
life Insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT; lbT, £DOR ol) iIUHJUAUKt
estates, undivided rests, real estate In pr
bate: furniture and piano* without reuiova*
UcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery at., room 3.
"PRIVATE PARTY LOANS $10 000 ON CITY,
X Oakland and Stockton bun! ness property at
bank rates; no brokerage. K. 11.. 1135 i:arri^on.
■ IBKRAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JF.W-
-• ' elry, etc.: low interest.' Cut-rate Loan Ofilce,
r. 7, Flood bldg, 809 Market; tel.. brown 191..
<Bi*-?*.> ;: \ iinA AT BANK KATKs: IST AND
«J)O^Jt7.vUv 2d mortnaees. estates, rents, eta:
Itnd as low as $30. H. MURPHY. 623 Market st
HY PAY HIGH INT. ON fcMALL LOANS?
We loan at 55c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
ANTED-$lOO AT 152 50 PER .MONTH;
good security. Address D., box 45. Call OJUce.
X FUKNTTURJi; VERY LOW INTEREST;
,no commission. 6CRIBNER, 7 City Hail aye.
Cj,r.ik TO $10,000; LOWEST RATK; IST <fc 2D
<t]Pc»v» mortg.: any proposition. Dry den. 418 Mont
NY SUM, I>T OR 2ND MOHTG.iGEs. JKS-
XV tat»^ in probate, etc. Km. 7, 508 California, st.
LOANS ON REALKsTATK: I.OWKS1 1 R.U'E
of Interest. JaS. B. 8R00K5.214 Pine, r 58-59.
X- FURNITURE AND PIANOS; NO RK-
moval: low rates: private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON PIANOS AND FLKNITLKK. WITHOUT
removal: very low interest. 116McAUl*ter st.
MOMS/ IO LOAN ON REAL h-STATfc.; .AN V
amount W LLI.aMs. 214 . Pine. St.. room 3.
FINANCIAL. • '
TVTANTKD— SIS,OOO ON VALUABLE i GOLD
»" mint: large vein exposed;, situated In this
State on mother lode, between and near 2 mines
paying large dividends: money to be used In de-
veloping. Address J. M. R., box 50, Call Office.
rnUTTLE & LOFTIS. LAND AGENTS. NE-
-1 gotlate loans 620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
j.AKiii.w.i: tICii.VSiiS.
Thf> - following marriage ■ licenses have been
Issued by the County Clerk's otnee; , : , .
William L. Cazneau and Luella Duke, 23 — 22. '
John Meyer and Kittle WeUzel, 32-26.
Henry Peters and Bertha Wolfe, 22 — 22.
O. A. Schneider" and Augusta Johnson, 24 — 22.
J. Mirnndette and Caroline *chwarz, ai — Id. -
Robert H. Taylor ana Marion Kelaey, 24-aL
Lllil IIk— MAUIMIB& — HIbATIIII
Birth, inarriair* and 'death notices seat »>r mMI
will not le insarted." They must be hande.l In »'.
either of the publication oHlC6*anl be indor*il
with the name and residence of yerioas authuruai
to hare ihe same puiii.s.v t. j ,
BDK.V. - V
BAUMAN-In this city. March 30, 1897. to th«
wife of L. C. K.v.iinin. a son. : t
CERF— In this city. Marc i 22, 1897, to the wife
of Joseph L. Cerf, a daughter.
SOLAN— In Renicla. March UtS 1897, to the wire
of John 11. Dolan, a sun. _ , -
EISF,.\BERG-In this cUy. March 23, 1897, tothe
wife of l. N. Elsdnbarg, a daughter.
HAWKES-ru tin* cl v. March 29, 1897, to the
wife of John Hawkes, a son. ■ ...
HYDE-In thU city.' March ;0, 1897, to the wife
of W. D. Hyde of K-nl';ia, a son.
POWELL-In Montpellier. Cal.. Marc 30, 1897.
to the wife of tlo.lU f owelL a daughter.
SUMMERFIELD— in this city, March 31, 1897,
to tne. wUeof L. Summerfleld, a daughter.
WALSH— In this city. March 7, 1597. to the wife
of W. J. Wa sh a <oii.
JIAlililKl). fi
HCSSAKER- SCHOEMAKKR— In this cltr.
March 24. 189". by -.he Rev. Dr. Adams. Dr. H.
W. Hunsaker of San Francisco and Henrietta
Schoemakar oi sebastopol. Sonoma County, Cal.
TAYLOR-KKLbEY— In this city. March 31,
:897, by the Rev. Dr. O. C. Adams. Robert H.
Taylor and Murlon Kelsey. No cards.
man.
Anderson, Helena C. ' Gor*. James M.
Bo.ling^r, William A. Incite, tO mc.
Burke, William Johiuou, Char.es
Burke, Mary A. , Koester, Richard
Casierry, Ann M. Koliy, I'noaias
.Collins, Edward _ . .Aichnnis, Angus
v ross Joseph R. Mahouey. Catherine
. Crou, Joseph Mirtti.. Elizabeth
Dry S3 ale, Minnie M. Salsi?. Edgar. W. ." .
Dutfey. John Schaergi^r, >-.mina
Duryea. James Mi.liv..',, Charlie .
Graham, Crawford Vail, David H. c •
ANDERSON— In South San Francisco, at Bay
View, March 30. 1597, helena Charlotta be-
loved mother of Chane* and >'redenc<t Ander-
son, a nauve of Sweden, aged 73 year* 3 months
and 8 days.
»»'l r.rnJs and acquaintances • are respac".-
fu iv invited to attend the ;uneral TO-MOKKOW"
(Friday), at 11 o'clock A. M.. from the residence
of h>r son, Charles Anderson. Nineteenth ave-
nue, between H and I streets south, south sun
Francisco. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BOLLINGER— In this city, March 29. 1897. Wil-
, liam A., beloved son or the Rev. G. li. and
c. H. Bo. linger, and brother of Kdward. Flora.
H.-r.u.i and Lilly to linger «nd Mrs. Clara Lash,
a native of sucramentu, Cal., ased 39 yeuj 10
month i and 3 days. .
.AiT Friends and acquaintances are resoect-
fun.- invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clocK p. m.. from the par-
i' lors ■Of Ualsted & Co., '.mi Mission ...r._--..
Interment Cypresi Lawn Cemetery t>y the eiec-
tric funeral- car from Kighteentn ana oerrero
street). . .
«UhKK-A solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for th: iepujH »i tin- souls of the late
Wiiliam and Mar/ Alii hurt-, at St. l'uul'-t
Church THIS I)AV (Thursday ), •at 9 o'clock
a.m. Friends are in vile J. o :
CAaSKRLY— Ocean View. March 31, 1897.
Ann M., beloved wttu of .Ik- late Michael Cas-
seily, a.'id mother of Michael, John, iVnllaui,
iiioina-i, James. Ku;ene and •Martin (.asserly,
a native of Ma. at, county Cork, lieu.na, axed 57
years. * *
&3~ Notice of funeral h<?re.\ft9? . 
COLLI^B-lu this city, Marcli 80. 1897, Edward,
beloved husband of ii.w.e; Collins (nee ia*>
sidy), brother of Mrs. Mar/ Dugi<a.'i' of Liver-
pool, England, and u:icleof James and Kdwaid
• Tuyler and Daniel Dugvan of sail iranciscu,
. a native of the city of nnulin. Ireiaud, aged 6i
years, f Liverpoo. (England) pApers please copy.J
S3r"Fnends an i acquaintances ' art* r ■•■*.> • : -
■ fully invited to at end the funeral Tu-jioRROW
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from his la:»
residence, 6 Norton p.ace, off i'llot-r- street, be-
tween Sansooie and Aloatgumer.-. ti>encd to ut.
i-rancU Church, where a si»ni' requiem mas i
will be>celebrated for the reuose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock; a. m. lniermeu; .'luuu.
Calvary Cemetery. * .-_" °
CROSS— Ih this city, March 30, *1 897, Joseph R.
Delayed son ut Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Crois. iia<X
brother ot Frederick T. and .Daisy A: Cross, a
native of San Francisco, ugi-U 25 years.
,'S3~. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend -lie funeral THIS UAi'
(Thursoay), at 2 o'clock p. . m.. from the res:-
. cifu.e or- his parents. 185 Sa i Carius avenue.
', Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemttery. •:
COURT ECLIPSE No. 14-To the oflicers and
memoeri of Court Eclipse No. 14: You are here-
by notified to attend the funeral of our late
brother. Joseph Crois. from hit late residence.
Ihs San Cur. os avenue. THIS DAY (Thurs
uay), at 2 o'clock p. m. liy onler of. ,
* ,• a. J. KNEMaRK, Chief Ranger.
.\' : T. B. Goodikko. Flu. Sec.
CRON— In luls ci y, March 30. 1897. Joseph Cron,
a native of Han !■ easMMMM , ar^^J v 5 ye;ir». <
DRYSDaLE— In this city. March 30.1837, Min-
nie Marou Drysd.ile, a native of Jersey ville. Hi.,
. ugiM 34 yean. •' — " " . ./
DUFFE «— ln ibis city, March 23. 1897. John, be-
loved husband of Mary Curie/, awf father of
Michael Duffy, a native of l|ettiud, a^ea (13
• years. .. ' • •
SSf'Friends and acquaintances am respec:-
ful y Invited to attend ".he fuiiTttl THIS' DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock , a. it., from the par- <
lors of McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth stree:,
tin- nee to ft. Joseph* unurca. where a solemn
requiem ihl"'i mass will be celebrated for t.u
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
a. M. Interment Holy Cro>t Cemetery. .
A. O. U. Officers and member.4 of Yerba Buena
Lodge No. 14, A. v. L. W., are requested to
attend the funeral of our late brother. John
Durt .. 1 His DA (Tburslav >. at 8:30 o'clock
a. m. . from tha parlors of jicAvoy & Gallagher,
20 Fifth sirett, thence to St. Josepn's Church.
Howard and Tenth streets, where mas* will bo
celebrated, commencing at 9 o'clock a.' m.
(ii-. (' F. STAFF, Master Workman.
Fhkd B. Wood, Recorder. "■
DURYKA-In 'this city, March 30. 1897. James,
beloved' husband »i . Alice Dur/oa, i nattve v"
New \ ork, aged 37 years and 14 days.
GKAHAM— In this city. March 31. .897, Craw-
ford, beloved husband of the late Mary Uranam
. lather .if l'hceae and Lottie Graham, and brother
■ of George «.rahum, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 50 years.
JStjTrleiid* and acquaintance) are raspe-r.-
fnllV invited to Ml end inefuii'ra: TO-MORROW
(Friday), at a o'clock p. m.. from th» par-
. lors of James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission
strmet, near beveath. lutermeut ila*oulC Ceme-
tery. ■' •
GORE— In this city. March 25. 1897, James M.
Gore, a native a! lowa, aged 47 years.
INGLIS— In ihlsCl--T? March 29, 1897. Ellen C,
beloved wife of George R. Ing is. and sister of
Miss M. Reid. a. native of Nova -eotla, iiirel 42
Ifei'.rs 11 months ana .1 days. •[ Boston (Mass.) -
. papers please copy.J
aSTTne funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from Ikt la •>
resideuce. 911 Ellis street. Interment Cyprrai
* Lawn Cemetery, via 11:30 ociuci a. a. tram
from Third aud Towusen I street).
JOHNSON- In this cltv. March 27. 1897, Charles
Johnson, a native of Sweden. a;ei 47 year*. ■.
KOEhTKR— in this ciiv, March . l, 1897, Rich-
ard, beloved son of Edward ami Annie Koeater.
JS a native of S\ta Francisco, aged 1 year 4 uionim
and -5 days. • .
KKLLY— In this city, March 30, 1897. Thomas
K-llv. « native of Ir-laml. Hired 62 years. ,
. gg- Remains at the parlors of Gantner Guntz,
8 and 10 City Hall square. "_'.
McENNIS— In till* cuy. March 30. 1897,. Angus
.. i-Knnls, a native of Scotland, aye J as years.
MAWONKY — In this city, March 30." 1597. rath
eri.ie, beloved wife of iha late William Mahoner,
cousin of the Rev. P. C. Yorke. and mi of
James H. Million a native of irel.inl, age I 48
year*. fSu Jonn fN. B. ) papers please copy. ]
A3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ie funeral THIS UAY
(Thursday), at 0:15 o'clock a. m.; from her late
residence. 441 Brrant street, theuce to si.
Mary's Cathedral Van Ness avenue, .where a
solemn requiem hiijh mass will be celebrates
for tli ■ repose of . c: soul, commencing at 10
# o'clock a. m. interment. Holy Cross Cemetery. .
MARTIN— In Oakland. March 29, 1897. Elizabeth
Martin, a native of New York, aged 35 yean 6
months an.l t$ days.
SALSIG— In Gelden Gate, Mar h3l 1897. Ed?ar
W.. infant son of 11. B. and Annie E. Salsle. a
native uf Golden Gale, Cal., aged 6 months and
•10 days ' " • • ' ■ , •
Kir Friends and : acquaintances are resDsct-
full. invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW"
(Friday) at 1 o'clock p. v. from residence corner
ot Elizabeth street and San Pablo avenue. 1 ' In-
terment su Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
BCHAERGER— In this City. March 31, 1897,
Emma, beloved, daughter of Karollne and the
lute Kdgits schaerger, and sister of Minnie, Cou-
* rad, Charlie and the late' Julia tchaerger, a na-
tive of tan Francisco, aged i.O 'years 7 mouths
and 11 da vs.' ... ■..:..- ■ 1 ' .? .:
«3* Friends and acquaintances and members
of ».ivti Oai Circle No. 29 C. F. , are resiect-
lully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. x., from the reiidence
of her mother. 328 Nevada avenue, off Cortland •
avenue. Bernal Heights.' lu:urnieu: I. O. O. F.
cemetery. :
SULLIVAN- this city. March 30, 1897,
* Charlie '-ulll van. beloved son of the late <Jharl«»
Sullivtiu a i.i the late Mary Coyie, and grand-
eon of Mr*. ' K. Mur(h>. anu.veof srni ti»u-
-«>»■-• >. aged 1" years and 7 months. , VZ; ..-'
friends and .acquaintances are resDflcv-
Tully mv.tea to attend the funeral THIS DvY
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. M., from the resi-
dence of uls gßandmoth>-r, 10-0 Alabama str^at, .-
. between . Twenty- second . ant- Twenty-. bird.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' * ' ,
VAIL*-In Seattle. Wash., March 30, 1897. DaTid
H., - loved Husband of Annie Isabel! Vail,
a imflv* of r»Hij;iiart><T L- I. - - • •
1 WIcAVOY Ml CALLACHER, I" *
FUNERAL DIRECTORS ft EMBALM KBS,
mm St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 2080. ■ • :
XTS^lcMlSoMltY^^^^^jHASr'SJlcSlKNOjS?
9AMXS Mc>IENOSIJiV & SOX, \
CSUJEKIAKKKB AND JEM IiALAI JiK3, I
xitoi iUtsHiun Street, >'e»r sivduui. j
•- 1 i.;npuoiie r^outh .-154. I
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
San;; MATEO • county;, NEAREST CBXB>
tery to the city ; non-sectarian ; is 00 seas* ax- ' *
elusive: location unexcelled. Ottc« Wi jdaiiul
unto, touiUtw, coxntr v. hum*
1314
WILL BEAR
ANY TRAFFIC
Unusual Activity Displayed
by the Southern Pacific
Company*
THE HEAVIEST SPECIFI
CATIONS IN THE WORLD
Six New Steel Bridges Built
During the Past Year
Within the State.
MANY OTHER BIG PLANS OF
IMPROVEMENT.
Twenty New Locomotives Purchased
and Everything on Wheels
8.-ing Repaired.
California within the past year acquired
the distinction of having within its borders
a number of bridges built from the heav
iest specifications ever used in the United
States, and this means in the world.
They were put up at various points on
In Niles Canyon, Over Alameda Creek.
the Soutnern Pacific Company's lines, in
pursuance of the policy of each year
replacing a certain number of wooden
bridges with tbe best modern mild steel
structures.
This course is taken not only with reier
ence to this State, but along all its lines.
Between Los Angeles and New Orleans,
: a distance of 2038 miles, there are to-day
but three wooden spans, though there are
on the Southern Pacific Railroad, between
the points named, not less than two hun
dred bridges.
Other big plans of improvement have
ai&o been carried out during the pa?t year
in the matter of equipment, both as to lo
comotives and cars.
No leas than six modern and expensive
steel bridges were constructert during 1896.
The material for these is what is known
as mild steel in contradistinction to tool
steel. Mid steel has tbe greater ductile
property, and will bend ra her tban break
undcrjircai weicht. All of these struc
tures are, 'iosig'.sed to carry locomotives
weighing 260 tons each, followed by a
train weighing two tons to the linear foot.
All tbe work of putting up the structures
was done by the men employed in the
maintenance of wav department under
the supervision of W. G. Curtis, engineer
of that department. Tbe material was
shaped on specifications furnished by the
Southern i'acihc Company.
One of tat; new bridges crosses Cache
Creek on the west side line near Wood
land:. This is a spun ol 160 feet.
Two of them bridge tbe Truckee River —
NSW TO-DAt.
BLOOD AND SKIN
HUMORS
Afflicting a Whole Family.
Speedily Cured by
CUTICURA.
Statements Sworn to Before the
Clerk of the Supreme
Court.
My wife had appear on her limbs, jast above
the ankles, five small pimples that began to
enlarge, and soon developed into eating ulcers
of the indolent type, which, despite all reme-
dies and our efforts to cure them, grew worse
and worse, and at the end of three months
had become very bad, two of them having
eaten to the bone. At that time we began to
use Ccticura remedies, and with two bottles
of Resolvent, one box of Ccticuka, and
one cake of CtrriCDRA Soap, they were cured
sound and well in about two months. The
' scars are there to-day as living witnesses of
the severity and extent of the ulcers.
I also was afflicted the sarrle winter with
papular rash, from which I could not rest day
or night. My skin became in a very bad fix
when I began using Cuticura remedies. I
used' them for about one month and was
cured.
My little baby girl, when about ten months
old, was afflicted with Eczema, her limbs from
.her knees down were one solid sore from
which she suffered greatly. We tried several
remedies which only aggravated them, before
we began the use or the Citthji.'ra remedies,
in which case there was a complete cure with
no return of the disease. -
A. A. Mcf.ARTY, J. P., Winn, Ga.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this
twenty-fiixth day r>f November, 1896.
[L. B.] K. E. James, Clerk Supr. Court.
6mbT Ccmi T»«rrnE!fT for Erery Kind of Blood
•nd Skin Humor. — Warm bathi with CrmcniA Soap.
gentle application! of Clticdha (ointment), the pal
■kin cure, and mild do«ei of CtmccßA Resolyhkt,
crntett of blood purifien and humor curta, cure when
m elie itiU. ;
Sold throuchou t the world. Pottie D. * C. Coir.. Sola
Prop*., Boston, ttr" H™ to Cure Skin Humor*," free.
QIRVC QkMfcl Bcalpund Hair Purified and Beau-
DHDI 0 OMfl used by Cuticdsa So^r.
one at the first crossing and another at
the fourth crossing. Each, of these is a
single span of 1208 feet.
Prosser Creek, between Truckee and
Reno, is crossed with a viaduct 200 feet in
length, consisting of four spans.
One of the most picturesque structures
may te seen in Niles Canyon, about four
miles from Niles, stretched across Ala
meda rreek. It is composed of two spans,
one 200 feet lon t and the other 100 feet.
The longest of th« entire number may
be viewed near MrConnell station, on the
road between Stockton ana Sacramento.
It crosses the Cosumnes River, consists
of eight spans of fifty feet eacn, and rests
on iron cylinder piers. In the latter par
ticular this bridge differs trom all the
others, which rest on cut granite piera.
The estimated cost of bridges of this
character is about $£0 a foot. As the ag
gregate number of feet in the structures
specified is 1476, it will bn seen t at an
expenditure of nearly $120,000 was in
volved in their construction.
Between Los Anaeles and Indio, sev
enty miies of Crack were relaid with sev
enty-five-ponnd steel rails, in place of fifty
pound and sixty-pound rails, and this sec
tion of the line was also thoroughly bal
lasted. The cost of this work was in tue
neighborhood of $3u0,000.
In the company's shops at Sacramento
the working Jorce is now at his:h tide, the
r.ivroll for March showing more than
2000 names uj>on it. The men are busy,
as General Manager Kru:;schnitt puts it,
repairing everything on wheels in expecta
tion of a heavy wheat crop to be moved
the coming season. Among, other things
some lftij boxcars that have suffered in
wrecks at various times and places are
being rebuilt.
The rno^t important addition to the
eauipment will be twenty very large new
locomotives, with 20x20 cylinders, each
locomotive with tender weighing 112 tons
and having 63-inch driving-wheels. They
will be used for both passenger and freight
business, and will be distributed over the
entire system of the Southern Pacific
Company. Ten of these have practically
been delivered, and the entire number
will be ready for service by July. These
co6t an average of about $10,000 each.
General Manager Krutischmtt states
that this activity is displayed in anticipa
tion of a very heavy freight movement
during the coming fall, as the result of
increaed prosperity under the new Re
publican regime.
Over Cache Creek, Near "Woodland.
MINING MEN ARE ALERT
Looking Sharply After the Min
eral Land Bill Pending
in Congress.
An Agent Appointed to Stir the
Miners to tbe Necessity of Sub
scr b ng to Emergency Fund.
A called meeting of the executive com
mittee of the California Miners' Associa
tion was held last evening at the Union
League Ciut> to talk'over the mineral land
bill. Julian Sonntas withdrew his resig
nation ac secretary upon tbe earnest re
quest of Pre-idpnt N'eff. The president
and secretary were by motion added to
the committee appointed by the last con
vention to confer with the .United States
Dabris Commissioner and the secretary
was instructed to write to the commission
that such committee had been appointed.
8. K. Thornton was appointed to visit
all the mining counties of the State and
to urge upon the miners the necessity of
subscribing toward the fund for tbe carry
ing on of the work of the association.
Tirey L. Ford, in speaking of the min
eral land bill, said he had reason to hope
that it would pass, but that our (senators
and re present a lives should be instructed
to devote their attention toward securing
its passage tn benall of California alone,
as otherwise ihe opposition to it would be
strengthened. The motion was adopted.
Mr. Ford paid an earnest tribute to the
members of- the late Legislature. He said
that body bad favored more wholesome
mining legislation than any other two or
three legislatures. He said this, the first
mining Stat* in the country, had iaborea
under more bad law« than any other State
and was tbe last to adopt reasonable regu
lations, and the present Legislature at
the session just closed had seen the errors
and corrected many of them. "They did
all we ask*d of them and did it with a
ze«t," said Mr. Ford. He mentioned
Judge Boward, chairman of the Committee
on Mines, as conspicuous in tbe good
work.
The only living person wLo baa written
or era librettos in four languages is the
Queen of Koumania. She has produced
librettoi in French, German, Swedish and
Roumanian.
Jkwklbv store, '5-7 Third, removed to 303
Keurny. .Large stock of* diamonds, watchej, etc.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 1897.
ALSIP WAS
VICTIMIZED
Why Attorney E. M. Mor
gan May Have Fled in
Such Haste.
CONCERNED IN AN UGLY
SCHEME.
Alsip Thought Himself the
Father of a Nameless
Child.
SOME DOCTORS MIXED TIP IN
THE AFFAIR.
The Capitalist Bled to the Extent of
Thousands— The Foundling in
the Cue.
When Attorney Edward M. Morgan
shook the dust of this City from ois feet
the cause of his action was unknown.
But a story has now leaked out in which
it is alleged that Morgan took to flight
because Edwin K. Alsip, real estate dealer
and capitalist, a victim, assumed the role
of avenger.
Alsip's story is the old one of a man
who strayed into forbidden paths. He was
made to believe that he was the father of
Eugenic Flora Howeil's child, and it is
| stated that the belief cost him nearly
j $15,000.
As told by Mrs. Margaret Morgan, the
divorced wife of the man accusad of the
conspiracy and blackmail, who lives at
1617 Taylor street, the story is as follows:
Eugenic Flora Howell, fresh from an
Eastern college, came to San Francisco in
March, 1894. She was only 21 years of
age, and a beautiful girl.
Uufortunately for herself and him she
met Edwin K. Alsip wuile attending a
church in the Mission. Ho became vio
lently infatuated, and the result was Miss
Howell's downfall.
Fearing that she was in a condition
which would soon betray her, in Septem
ber, 1894. tlie unfortunate girl called on a
doctor who resides on O'Farrell street for
medical advice. He was told the girl's
story and passed it on to Morgan, who
was an intimate friend-.
Morgan offered the girl a refuge in his
house until her trouble was a thing of the
past. Sue gladly consented and went to
live under his roof.
"In due time," said Mrs. Morgan "the
pirl discovered that her condition was not
what she thought, but Morgan persuaded
her that her future dei ended entirely
upon making Alsip pay for her support
anyhow.
'•Htr doctor and Morgan^then induced
another >ioctor to go to the City and
County Hospital and select a ten Jays'
old infant resembling Alsip in the color of
Where the Central Pacific Railroad Makes Its Fourth Crossing of
the Truckle River.
its hair and eyes. The baby was taten
from the hospital by a woman to her home
on Hayes street. It was then taken to
Morgan's home Dy himself in a cloned
carriage.
"One of the doctors then assisted in
the operrtion of injecting strychnine into
Miss Howell's veins, the purpose being to
make nor look pale and ill. The baby
was placed by her side and Alsip lor.
"Alsip fell readily into the meshes 6f
the plat. He t-ug2est»d that ttie little
one be eiven the name of Eugene Jorgen-
Ben, the surname Delne tbat of his mother
before her marriage. From tbat time on
Morgan bled him continuously, and of
the large sum he got it is said that Miss
Howelt received only about $400."
In August, 1896. Mrs. Morgan, who bad
procured a divorce from her husband,
went to Alsip and told him all. He in
vestigated tbe tale, found it true, and im
mediately descended upon Morgan with
tire in his eye.
Being short of ready cash, he had given
his noiotf for $7000 during the year 1896,
and the- return of these was first de
manded. They had been discounted, and
it was in order to redeem them that Mor
gan was forced to extremities. He could
not procure enough, and an Alsip was im
portunate in nis demands he is said to
have sought safety in Sight.
In December, 185>4, Miss Ho well re
turned to her Eastern bom<>, where it is
said she is now married and leading a re
spectable life. The foundling child is in
tha care of Mr?. Carberry, Morgan's
cousin, who has grown to love it dearly.
The doctor chiefly involved was seen at
his office yesterday, but he bad no com
ment whatever to make. The matter, he
said, was one of a professional character,
and he would not discuss it at all unless
ordered to do so in court.
MR. ALSIP'S VERSION.
He Admits That Ho Was Vic
timized.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 31.—Ed
win K. Alsip admitted to a Bee reporter
to-day that the story that he had been a
victim of blackmail at the bands of Attor
ney Edward M. Morgan was in the main
true.
He admitted having had guilty relations
with Eugenic Flora Howell, and that he
hod promised to care for her child.
Morgan, he said, demanded $50,000 from
him. He-refused to give it, and the iay wer
threatened to bring suit.
He then told his wife of his troubles,
and she advised him not to be black
mailed. In all he admits having paid out
$2350.
He discovered that he was the victim of
a conspiracy first through Attorney Reel
B. Terry. He says further that bis
mother's maiden name was Janeil and
that he did not suggest the name Jorgen
sen for the child.
Some of his notes are yet out, but with
them and the money Already raid he
would not have suffered to tne extent of
much more than $6000. The woman in
the case has made an affidavit to him, he
says, that Morgan induced her to enter the
conspiracy.
AMONG THE ATHLETES.
Pacific Coast Amateurs Wili
Stand by Union
Rules.
Amateur Clubs Must Not Encourage
Professionalism of Any
Kind.
The Pacific Coast Amateur Athletic As
sociation held a very interesting meeting
last evening in one of the compartments
of the Olympic Club.
The first matter discussed was the cham
pionship swimming tournament, which
will be held at the Lurline Swimming
Baths April 20 and 21. It was stated that
in all events I andsome medals will be
given, viz., a gold medal for first, a gold
and silver for second and a silver for third,
provided three or more contestants will
participate in the contest. No ©otry will
be received after April 14. and all entries
must conform to the amateur rules as re
gards registration.
An entrance fee of $1 for each event
wiil be charged, but this sum will be re
funded to all bona-fide starters. All com
munications ehould be addressed to O. L.
Sweet, the swimming commissioner of ihe
Lurline baths.
Mr. Humphrey, president of the asso
ciation, stated that there was not an iota
of fact in the published article that the
Pacific Association was seriously thinking
of withdrawing from the Amateur Ath
letic Union.
Mr. Humphrey also thought that the
registration rule as imposed by the
A. A. U. was an excellent move in ihe
right direction, as by registration a card
of identification would be uiven to ev< ry
bona-nde amateur athlete, admitting him
into any game held by any club which is
a member of the union.
It was rumored that the University of
California bad concluded to resign irom
the P. A. A., but its representative who
attended the meeting last evening said
that there was no trufh in the report.
The members of the P. A. A. did not
deny the fact that th»-v were in favor of
the establishment of a Western union or
association, provided it cou!d be governed
by Btrictly amateur ruling, ns then the
moneys accruing from the clubs would
assist very materially to support the
games held west of the big mountains.
The championship games will be held
on May 1, and the annual convention will
be held on May 14, at the .Reliance Club
in Oakland.
According to a letter that was received
yesterday at the Olympic Club from the
secretary ol the Multnomah Club of Port
land, Or., Charles F. Kreling of the
Olympic has been matched to wrastie F.
Greenland of the Multnomahs in Port
land on the evening of April 15, best two
in three falls catch -as-catch-can.
li.d Not Favor the Bill.
The central committee of Section San Fran
cisco, Socialist Labor party, at a meeting on
Tuesday evening parsed resolutions repudiat
ing nny interest in or advocacy of Ai^embly
bill No. 383, entitled "A bi:l lor an act to give
employment to the unemployed and for the
punishment oi vagrants."
Iron-Pier Bridge Across the Cosumnes — Eight Spans of 50 Feet Each*
-• |v NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS : * ' ,^._~v~~-
-4* -<^ "^^L-^ — 4-lsi6i7ial9iTor - <z^*J£rrty&*e tfc
J* -*v^s^^ .4 11 al3 14 Ts'i6"77' = : . •'- &
4* NOHO^V^^ 7Tia;2913b1 |2 \ — TT^ft h) iiEl-S — ' . iPji
<XHX>OO<XX><><>oo<>O<X>o<><><><>O<>O<XKK><><><><X><>O<>oK><>^ o
FIRST OF THE MONTH IN | OUR CELEBRATED . 1 FIRST OF THE MONTH. IN •
4. GOODS! California Blankets. HOSIERY! if*
?4j Some typical "Hale Values" here to-day. APROPOS 10. Hale's California stores import H,osi-ry ffa>
IT All new. We will send on approbation to any address direct. Only one profit between.you and the •£
i/ti ' . in this city at any time a pair of our Blankets maker. "~ ' A-I*
* BLACK FRENCH SERGE, new, 91C to be compared and examined. We will sub- . i?':* •
•JU all pure wool, 34 inch, for vaca- -fti mit them to the examination of any expert or MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S • „ fJU
* tion skirts. Hales price Yard to comparison with any blanket of th: same BLACK COTTON HOSE, nar- -•*•-
UtS ~~~~ nrlro" <»llln<r in thie /-Itv so argument at - row rib, spliced heels and toes, "I 9*" "2jki <
4* SPECIAL SALE-" offer two 89° buffi b.anket Ju^'Se^luetor :«At Ha-e's Hosiery i^ ty '
* :BpriiSVS?oruS"or lnggl . n ."!.T Y«d >«««««. All we ask is a fair comparison. U-.z^. , lair
i-iCi ' — HAI P»<T~rT ANIfcTPTS -BOYS' BLACK COTTON SCHOOL . -.
*!* SPECIAL SALE-The Immense " ALt ■=> DL.AINKCIS. STOCKINGS, never need darn- . i,^i
Vk popularity 01 our 75c, Hoc and Made on this Coast of the best wool in the world— me. doable kne^. double toe, 1^ .
\J 90c sprint; Suitings has left rr\C "once-ayear clip" of selected superior quality— • double heel. A'- Hale s Hosiery -» v ■ "O
.JL many broken color line*. A sale «JU bound in. heavy ribbon silk. . Absolutely perfect In bale for i»»f JT
9 / oftheseat......^^ Yard -•'•»• i%. -" - - BOYV BLACK CORDUROY RIB- 0
0 BLACK FIGURED GRENA- ALL-WOOL BLANK *| . • IK I> .s nx KINiiS. an excep- j\ **'
I DINES, large aesizns and all CC 2 yards by 21.-3 yards 5-pound $s.oo.pair tlonally extra heavy stocking • \f
0 new 44-inch, a fad at a reason- OO a yaras b» 2»/3 yards, 6-pound S«.OCrpatr £ . that never sold lor les< tbau "I QC i
V able price. Vt Hale Yard • - -5 1-9 yards by Btf inches, 7-pound. ..*7.00 pair 25c pair. At Ha. Hosiery . lO %J
1 mtmrnfiaam At, naie a xaru 2 1-6 yards by 8S inches, 9 p0und. ..»9.00 pair Sale f0r.... Pair T
V NEW FOULARD SILKS— The Q^C ' 2 1-6 yards by 88 inches. 10-pound.slo 00 pair (Every Trice We Quote Will 'Remain Good O
fK new Mosaic effects, for waists. CO All pure while, beautiful fleece, rich borders and • Until tamrduy night.) /X
Sr Uale'a .Price :... Yard white silk tape bound. _ # - . . % . V,}
d) wwrßnmivinvmJirßiiVii «rw- PART WOOL BLANKETS— Our Celebrated *HnwKrrN?-a ll ti?i."'v^ D 'tiiir rt
W • NEW GRUSDfc, LON DRF BILKS. fJO^ 7Dlni>h\Vnniiiianiriit •Kinii sKaio v.-i -hr iii 81OtKIM>\ the best silk- \J
1 • all colors, for waists, 19 inches Ot) . 78 Inch Wool Blanket, actual scale weight 41 3 r fln i sb ea maco yarn, new shades T
Q ' wide. Hale's price : Yard * * S iI[!!L ~ „ • • or tan and brouzs or t»st b act, 9^C Q
X $3.45 Pair. h beautiful stockiiig. At Hale'a \T-' "
Q NEW FOULARD SILKS, the lat- . * '.',-*,'.--■ Hosiery Sale for Pair /S
T est fad for waists, some very AQC HALES LEADER— CouId be sold as an All-wool ". V*
Q stylish patterns on dark irO * Blanket, but it is a little less than 10 percent LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE, ■ /S
V grounds. Hale's price.. Yard cotton, the balance pure wool, good size and the kind that wear, a satisfac- ' '-TT,
/S " weight. Hale's price — tory stocking,, double sole, ,19"''n °
V UlDnn nCDADTUCUT conn p 9 ; * double and double heels. At J-^-3 ' V
A WnAr UErAnTIfILNT. • ioyU Fair ' Hosiery Hale for »o lair X
Jk citd.b.tv ci.-ioT- »■. WHITE WOOL BLANKETS. 90 per cent wool, T .n.vs.ni \( k'(MTTON Hosp »T
A SEPARATE SKIRTs, the new , . s .ih weigat, 66x80 inches, a beautiful blanket LA^ IKS Bl.AiKLOiiu>nosi' 1 , • jv
5 college checks,thorou(shly lined for the money Hale's price- ' £& ?? hiV^nr^ 'l fi^C V
/S with per.aJne and velvet &ji i=/-\ r-> ■ Hermsdorf dye. high-spliced 1 r*«C T
SJ bound, sola elsewhere at l"5, ©0 50 " " $4" OU Pair. » . heel 3. double sole and ice. worth lU3 Q
JL • perfect fit, alterations free. «nO . . "25c. At Hale's Hosiery Sale — I'alr \
Q Bale's price.:..^^ Each -,'. DOMESTICS. LADIE S' FR e"l7c"h LISLE 0
* BL tK?RT^r J ge l^,,sh M p°t?e A rn^..sO IST^ards of BLEACHED PILLOWCASE MUS- SfSfi^ffl^^-St -C 't
thoroughly Tined and bound, 'ib-i--- LI.N, all short ends, 54 inches wide It is a lngsold rc eU »r for 35c At — O
• hangs beautifully. Hale's price Each better muslin than any sold at 12 i^c Very Hale's HoMery .Sale I'a.r +Q*
* OUR *5 JACKKT^T left der at ' ] " 9 C Yard. ' ' '..' '. . (We call particular •£?**> to this stock- ffa .
jTjTc ' Hale's, tan overt cloth, -'{4 silk . * .. • " 3 . * .*•-
-•#• lined, an exceptionally nobby r.OO INDIGO BLUE CALICOES. 34 wide. A special LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE, . " •!* .
•1* Jacket, the most popular jackes &O sale at— • c •;.'"; white foot, the' finest combed ° •„
T$T we nail. Hale's price Each 4c Yard. • maco yarn. Hale's regular 35c ?»?
4& LADIES' TAN CLOTH (Sot over SO yard.'to a customer.) | * '^"^tlcuiar "^'llale's 29° |L
• I SUITS, fly front jacket, skirt ©7.50 * l.\\VV; Hosiery Sale for r... Pair A-
fJA lined and bound, perfect fit, v I • TW/f\ cmaDC IM MnTinWC *>?/»
* sizes 34 to 40. Hale's price.... Suit IWO SINAHi> 1!N NOTIONS. LADIFS' COTTON lIOSE-We
«VM „ •* '• :V * will sell our st!c stocking, fn '000 £*Cs
• HOMESPUN SUITS, a novelty In HANDKERCHIEFS. 200 importers' samples on llsht or heavy weights at the °OO .**
mJfm tan. for vacation trips, fly front cards, no two alike, retail price 25c each. sale this week for Pair -.•«
'+ J Jacket, sxlrt is thorouzhly lined Your pick from the lot to-day at— • Tj(7
Jr. witnpercaiineandyelveibojnd.mjr.oo , IRVr> *""n«-~h - • BAZAAB PKICELETS. .-iv
*}* sizes 34 to 40 'These at Hale's «$0 ID/aC tach. » % - asvappoumfn \v« win mii an 'stlO *T*
4, lor ._ Ll: _^ :l . ** ..(Fine Swiss^mbroidered^solld and open work.) A T^^eTfor 2 Sc M «*S. f^ot .L
*" - MAIL ORDEK. = . LADIES WHTrEKID BKLTB l^ehe. wW». PE^ L "!« ** ET? ,c,. 00. £
•I* Country people may order by mall. Our city a\ Hale's for- ' pa^-s: figure it out. At Hale's for 4c each? *l* .
»U catalogue of 120 pages free 10 people out of * _r- r-. t_ . WHISK BkoOMS- Flue tor stairs and I
SJJL* town. :;•...•.' tacn. o cra:ks and corner . A.I Hale's, 6c each. !SJr? . '
* 937 -^^^^^\*^^^ 7;/X/ - 937 : ° •-.*
* 939 _^^> 3 9 ' *
S 941 ' '"• - 1 - zi-^n® '-' -^^g^r^L V.. \° '941 • -^
I MARKET I l.^li S^|^|MK {I .^3 '. MARKET %^.
HUGO TOLAND`S TIGHTS.
He Must Expose the Contour of
His Limbs Next
Week.
And Like Cissy Fitzgerald He Remon
stratod With His Manager, Who
Proved Hard-Hearted.
Hueo Toland has discovered that the lot
of an actor is by no means a state of per
petual bliss. His agony is caused by a
pair of tights — of course, his own tights—
which Manager Belasco insists he must
wear next week in the new play, "Wild
Oats," which calls for the Directoire cos
tume of the Frenoh Revolution.
It is not that the good-looking actor is
fearful lest he might not be able to till any
pair of tights that might be brought to
him, but he fears that he may not fill
them beautifully, or, rather, too well,
after the manner of the plump garlic
sftusages which delieht the eye in the pork
shops of the Latin quarter. Hence the
sensitive embonpoint of his nether limbs
shrank from the publicity to be given to
their adiposity.
So he went to Manager Belasco in the
hurry-me-up-quick style and without any
preliminaries bluntly refused to allow his
legs to play the role of mammoth bo
logna", Directoire or no Directoire. Man
ager Belasco insisted that the play would
be spoiled without Toland in tights, and
insisted that the proper costume should
be worn.
The actor persisted in his refusal. His
contract contained no provision requiring
him to wear tights and he would see Mr.
Belasco in the gallery or elsewhere .before
be would make an exhibition of himself.
Mr. Belasco declined to •o there, and
informed Mr. Toland that he would cease
to be a member of the company and that
his contract would terminate in case
his stubbornness continued. Then To
land threatened to resign. This had
no ' effect, and the actor saw that
the manager was determined, and that
he wouid hare to cive in or walk
out into that gloomy place whore unem
ployed actors lounge and where .the ghost
never walks. He could not bold out like
Cissy Fitzgerald when she lefused to wear
those thin things, because he hadn't the
same reason that she had.
Tb n be tried cajolery and promised the
manager that he would treat him to the
best dinner in town every day for a month
if he would only let him wear anything
but those French bolsters. But it was of
no use, although the promise of the din
ners hit the manager below the belt and
the actor final y surrendered. The man
ager suggested, for the same reason that a
condemned prisoner is fed well before be
ing led to the scaffold, that Mr. Toland
might mitigate the severity of his punish- ,
men I by wearing jet black tights, which
would minimize the obtrusiveness of his
embonpoint.
But Toiand was desperate and swore
thai be would wear fleshings of turquoise
blue.
Bets are even that he won't.
KILLED BY A TRUCK.
The Life Crushed Out of a Four- Year-
Old Boy on I-olsom Street
Yesterday.
James Holmes, a bright-faced boy of 4
years, was run over and killed yesterday
afternoon by a truck driven by James
Myers, who lives at 138^ Silver street.
The little boy and a companion of about
the same age stole a ride on the truck, and
Myers tried to drive them off by cracking
his whip. One of the children jumped off
the rear end of the vehicle, but tne Holmes
boy fell in front of a hind wheel and the
life was crushed out of him.
The driver was arrpsted by Officer .Gal
loway on a charge of manslaughter, and
was released on hia own recognizance, by
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan.
Mrs. B. T. Schell of 119 Langton street
is the boy's mother. The body was re
moved to the Morgue.
. — #— . — i
Not how cheap, but how good lor the money;
printing and binding. Mysell-Roilins, 22 Clay*
Jesoa Christ Army.
There was a great time last night at the
new headquarters of the Jeaua Christ
Army, 870 Howard street, near Fifth. A
rousing meeting was held and addresses
were made by General Spurgeon Dueijan,
Captain Friedlander. Evangelist Percy
Betley of England and Major Langley.
Alter the meeting a free supper was
spread, consisting o! b-f»ad, cheese, coffee
an.i sandwiches, and 250 .hungry men dis
posed- of the feast in short order.
, In the new headquarters-are a aormitory
containfng fifty-five bi?ds and a largo hail
where meetings wi<l be held from 8 to 10
o'clock every even in • hereafter.
NEW TO-DAT.
Henceforth let all
good housewives
cease to waste eggs,
butter and elbow
grease. With
it's no trick to make
a handsome, whole-
some, toothsome
cake.
10 J TilUnan n £t Bendel, Mfrs.
GROCERY
SELLING ':..
EXTRAORDINARY
Three day prices that every
economical woman should grab
at. These figures for Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday only,
remember.
CAL. FRENCH PRUNES .
Finest quality; 50 to 60 prunes* to each
pound; regulariy sold for 10c per pound.
SALE PRICE 5c lb. .
LENOX SOAP ~
That new soap you hear so much about.
Regular price sc. SA"LE PRICE— 7 cakes
, for 25c. . c •
BURNHAMS FLUID BEEF
One bottle makes a.cup of delicious beef
tea, already seasoned. Sold in boxes con-
raining one dozen bottles. Regular price
40c a box. SALE PRICE— 3Oc box.
' «
Fancy Xa-ble Butter 3Oc sgnare
Fresh Eggs - - % dozen for '25c
21 Stockton Street, 13253 Filknore St.,
NEAR MARKET. ! Near Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. 1 Telephone West 152.
- Catalogue free. Particular attention given
to Mail Orders. •
I INSTALLMENT PLAN
I Or CASH!
I FURNITURE
CARPETS
! BEDDING
STOVES
Small Profits anfl Qnici Betnrns !
. Easy Terms — Dealing.
A large line of Second-hand Goods as
well as new always on hand.
Bed Sets, second-hand $7.50 up
Parlor Sets, second-hand .. $17.50 up
S"tove«. second- hand .... .... . . . .$5.00 up
500 Carpets, second-hand.... . .$4.50 up
Showcases, Counters, Bars, etc
j. 2stoo:i>T-A.:n\
1017-1010-1021.1023 Mission Street.
* 516-518-520-522 Minna Street.
. Above Sixth. . .C
, Phone. Jessie 4L Open Evenings.
KB Th© only reliable reinale regulator
M Never Falls; Sold by druggist* »2 OO
ju S»n«1 4c. for Woman's Stafecnard.
, JVVBiOQZiaSZOALC9.226 3.Bth3t,pWfc