1
VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. too.
RAGE OF THE
GREEK PEOPLE
IS REVIVING
Stories of Cowardice on the
■£;-.; Part of Leaders Reach
Athens.
CONSTANTINE SAID TO HAVE
DESERTED THE WOUNDED.
•Although All Hope of Vanquishing the
: Turks Is Gone, the Hellenes Desire
One Great Battle to Vindicate
Their Honor.
•[Copyrighted 1897 by the New York Bm.]
LONDON, Eng., May a— lt seems al- ,
' most useless, according to dispatches from ;
a great variety of sources, to expect any
effective rally of the Greek forces. The !
fighting spirit of the rank and file re- 1
mains, but lack of competent leadership j
continues to nullify every advantage, j
. The rage of the common people revives as
the details of the ignominious failure of ■
the Greek campaign in Thessaly become
known. This rage is not long to remain j
impotent. According to latest news from '
- Athens it is chiefly directed against the j
' "royal family, especially the Crown Prince,
who was never popular and is now de
tested.
Refugees from Larissa, describing the !
conduct of the Crown Prince's retinue I
when the city was evacuated, say they ■
• filled the whole train witb the Prince's ,
• baggage, including supplies fit for a gour- ■
mand, consisting of live d-tcks and all
•'. sorts of delicacies, while hundreds of
. wounded soldiers were left to their fate.
- : It Is impossible to verify such stones, but 1
• ihv Englisa correspondents do not ques- ■
tion their truth. The effect upon the ex
asperated population st Athens can be !
• ■ easily imagined.
. A definite announcement of the policy ■
of the Ralli Ministry is momentarily ex- 1
: -!pected. It is beginning to be seen even j
in Athens that all bopes of a successful I
,' resistance of the Turks is gone. It is the |
' intense desire, however, to retrieve the
disgrace that has fallen upon the nation,
canted by the cowardly leadership which j
made possible the panic during the retreat j
from Larissa.
Patriotic Greeks, including a large sec- i
... tlon of the army, demand that one great
'•'. battle be fought, even ii defeat is certain, !
in order to vindicate the honor of Greece. I
- Then they will be willing to submit and
seek the good offices of the powers, which
'. the latter are so anxious to exercise.
..." The impression prevails that, whatever
* be tbe popular feeling, official circles
•would welcome any mediation of the
... .powers that would delay any definite 1
declaration. The action of the new
Ministry may be explained by stating
. that they are awaiting a fulfillment of
'their hope, despite the denials of dip
- lomats, and are in a passive accordance
- with the decision of the powers to await
• Greece's act of penance. Persistent re- '
. ports circulate that foreign envoys are
•using their efforts in the direction of
. peace with prospects of success.
. ■ Skouloudis, Minister of Foreign Affairs,
■ in- conversing with the diplomats has
shown he is not opposed to mediation,
though it has not been asked for. The j
situation will doubtless develop speedily
- after the receipt of the reports of Colonel
Tsamavos, Minister of War, and Theotkis,
- Minister of the Interior, who were sent to I
Pharsala to examine the condition of the ■
army. It is stated these reports have al
ready been submitted to the Cabinet, but
• statements regarding their tenor vary, one
. declaring they were impressed with the
preparedness of the army and in favor of '
• prosecuting the war, while another says :
,' the reports are gloomy, their substance
" being the army is not in a position to as- !
'* .same the offensive or even resist for any
length, of time.
Meanwhile tbe hopes of the patriots ;
and soldiery center in General Smolenitz, j
the hero of Velestino. He if anybody !
;" seems to be able to lead the troops to vie- !
tory*. Independent accounts ascribe to
bim great ability, sound judgment, cool
ness, personal courage and the faculty of
inspiring confidence. Only as a strategist
he has not yet been proved. Should he
'meet the . invaders and be defeated it
' would undoubtedly be the last act of the !
military drama. Thereafter a revolution
; might be expected.
GUILTY OF COWARDICE.
Crown Prince Constantine Avoided
Engaging the Turks In Every
Case In Thessaly.
. LONDON, Exg., May 3.— lt is believed,
the. dispatches allege, besides gross in
competency the most flagrant cowardice
was displayed by the Greek officers, in- |
eluding Crown Prince Constantine, in the \
'..whole: campaign in Thessaly. Several i
English war correspondents on the Greek j
The San Francisco Call
f side say the Crown Prince in every case
avoided an engagement. The effect of
such conduct of the commander and of
; ficers upon the army was extremely de-
I moralizing.
The danger of the dynasty's overthrow
! is increasing, and it is believed the gravity
| of the situation consequent upon the pop
| ulai*exasperation at hearing of the cow
ardice of the Crown Prince accounts for
the diplomatic illness of Kine George and
< his proposed departure from Athens.
Among the reports in circulation it is
i alternately asserted and denied that an
* armistice Las been declared. It i. also re
ported that the Greeks have begun to
withdraw from Pharsala to take up a
i final position at Darnaki and the Otbrys ■
i Mountains-
The Standard's Athens correspondent
recording instances of the irritation
( against the royal family says at Achaia,
where the Crown Prince owns a large
estate, the people were summoned Sunday
by the church bells. After they had as
sembled they marched in a body to the
royal residence, seized the arms of the
royal guards, smashed the furniture and
burned all the private papers they could
find. The dispatch adds that there was a
renewal of disorders in the churches in
Athens and Patras in connection with the
i offering of prayers for the royal family.
Detailed reports of the three days'
i fighting at Velestino show that the Turks
were either badly informed by the scouts
\or absurdly rash. The truth seems to be
j that they did not suspect the presence of
j the Greeks, who were skillfully concealed.
i The Ottoman cavalry charge on the
Greeks' left wing seemed sheer madness.
Very few horsemen reached nearer than
200 yards of the Greek lines.
The wheat field over which they charged
was thickly strewn after the engagement
with the bodies of men and horses who
bad fallen victims to the deadly musketry
fire of the Greek highlanders. Many of
tbe dead were clad in portions of Greek
uniforms, which were presumably aban
doned when Larissa was evacuated. The
Turkish locs at Velestino is estimated to
have been 600 killed and a large number
wounded.
PARIS, Fba-nck, May 3.— Figaro asserts
the King is afflicted with heart trouble
which manifests itself in the recurrence of
cardiac spasms, and his physicians have
insisted upon his immediately seeking a
change of scene and climate either on
the island of Milo or Syra.
VOLO, Greece, May 3.— The Greek war
, ship which is about to start for the
Piraeus, the port of Athens, bas aboard over
100 strong boxes containing Government
; funds collected in Thessaly. This fact
causes uneasiness, as the people believe
} the removal ot the treasure indicates the
; Government has little faith in the ability
| of the army to hold the Turks in check
j should they make an advance in force.
Officials here assert, however, the ship
ment of money is simply a precautionary
measure.
The Turks are again in the vicinity of
: Velestino. wbere 18,000 Greeks are en
! camped. A French flag has been hoisted
| over the hospital for the purpose of pro
| tecting it from the fire of the Turks in the
event of another attack.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, May 3.—
; The whole of the second-class reserves be
| longing to the Third Army Corps have
! been called out for active service.
FOR AN ARMISTIC
i Edhem Pasha Reported to Have
Sent an Officer With a Flag
of Truce.
ATHENS. , Greece. May 3.— Advices
from Pharsala say that Edhem Pasba has
sent an officer with a flag of truce to the
headquarters of the Greek army request
ing an armistice for five days.
Colonel Vassos, the commander of the
Greek army of occupation in Crete, has
been recalled and Colonel Staikos will suc
ceed him. His recall is officially explained
to be due to the necessity of re-enforcing
the army in Thessaly, where the officer is
wanted. There is no intention of recall
ing the troops from Crete.
Newspapers here report that a body of
Greek irregulars commanded. by Tertipi,
a member of Parliament, bas recaptured
KardiUa and restored the telegraph line
SAN FRANCISCO, , TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 4, 1897.
.-.■■'.-. . . •
Rear-Admiral Hinke Vice-Admiral Canevaro Rear-Admiral Pottiert Captain k'oellner Rear- Admiral Andr icf Rear-Admiral Harrit English Flag Lieutenant.
(Austrian). (Italian). (French). (German). (Russian). (British)!'
'. The Secretary. '
REPRESENTATIVES OF THE COMBINED FLEETS HOLDING A CONFERENCE.
CANDIA, Crete, May 3— The admirals commanding the fleet of the foreign powers- in Cretan waters had a conference Sunday with
the insurgent leaders at Paleokastro. The Cretans were promised complete autonomy, including the condition that the nomination
of their ruler should be subject to. the ratification of the Cretan Assembly. The insurgent leaders, however, cut the discussion
short and : reiterated that their motto remained "A-.rR .."ition to Greece or death." * \ y:'''^T^ h '-. ' 'Ja\'- ' '.
to Pharsala, from which place the Crown
Prince dispatched a squadron of cavalry,
which occupied the town. The Turks fled
on the approach of the cavalry.
TO VIEW TUB »* tit IX EUROPE.
Major-Oenrral Miles nnd Ueneral Mer
ritt Hill Sail This Week:
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3 -General
Wesley Merritt, who has secured a leave
of absence, will sail on Saturday to wit
ness the hostile operations ofthe Turkish
and Grecian forces. General Merritt will
not represent the Government officially
and must pay bis own expense*. Al
though some foreign Governments have
been chary of allowing officers in high
rank in other countries to witness the
campaigns of their military forces' the
War Department has raisad no objection
to Merritt's project, and believer neither
Turkey nor Greece will place any obstacle
in his way. General Merritt will. make a
study ot the methods pursued by the
hostile armies and will have the assist
ance of one of his aids. Major-General
Miles will also sail this week, accompanied
by Captain Maus and his secretary.
GERMANY WILL STRIKE BACK.
A Remorseless Tar ff War Against the
United States Suggested — Yon Bieb
erstem's Significant Remarks. . .
BERLIN, Germany, May; 3.— ln the
Reichstag to-day Count, yon Kanitz-Pod
angen (Conservative) asked the Govern
ment if, in view of the increased differ
ence of duties upon German sugar fixed
by the new American tariff, it was its in
tention to maintain the agreement with
the United States entered into * in * 1891.
He advocated a : remorseless tariff war
against the United States. " *' *-*.*•
Yon Biebersteiu, Minister of Foreign
Affairs, replied that the governments of
the United States and Germany had not
yet taken definite positions upon the ques
tion and that it- would be impossible to
foretell what would happen when the res
olution passed by the House of Repre
sentatives at Washington should become
a law.
The Foreign Minister then rehearsed
the commercial relations between Ger
many and the United States and protested
against the D.ngley bill, which, he said,
threatened to cancel tbe concessions made
at Saratoga. There was a mistaken con
viction entertained at Washington that it
would be* to the interests of Germany to
maintain cordiality of relations with Amer
ica in any event and he hoped there
would be a thorough change of views in
this respect. He objected, however, to an
immediate tariff war, which he believed
would be a sinister mistake. Such a situ
ation, he said, was a serious one and all
Europe would take interest in its develop
ment. The Government would decide
with energy, founded upon its rights in
the cause, and consider the best interests
of the empire.
AJrxieo Subsidize* a Rio Corporation.
CITY OF MEXICO. Mex., ; May 3.— A
company has been incorporated here wit .
a capital of '$1, 000,000 to be known as the
Mexican Navigation and Railway Com
pany. Its first object is \ to build a rail
road from a point on the National Tenuan
tepec road to Vera Cruz. The Govern
ment gives a subsidy of over. Booo acres of
public lands per kilometerof railway con
structed. On some 400,000 'acres of land
t: us acquired the company will settle
European and other colonists,
SUDDEN FALL OF
A BONANZA KING
Financial Ruin of the
Builder of Aspen,
Colo.;
James B. Wheeler Loses the
, Millions He Made by
Fraud.
Compelled to Make Restitution to
the Family of the Man He
Robbed.
DENVER, Colo., May Jerome B.
Wheeler, once a millionaire of Aspen,
Colo., is said to be at the end of his string
after half a score of years of unqualified
success.. He, was. reputed to be worth' at
one time from one to five million dollars,
and mercantile agencies said tbat the lat
ter figure was a closer estimate of his for
tune than the former. He practically
built Aspen, and :by the free use of
money raised it from the level of a min
ing camp to a town which, until the
panic, supported a population ot , 10,000
souls. ;■' .
.There he erected a hotel at a cost of
$60,000, and started a bank that main
tained unimpeachable credit throughout
the panic, in spite of 'be fact that its doors
were closed for a few days .while awaiting
the arrival of currency from New York.
So confident were the depositors of the
security of their funds that even after the
doors were opened they did not withdraw
a cent. .* • ./' ;.,,; ...-.-. -, - . JJ.yJJyy,
Wheeler was owner of the famous Aspen
mine, that netted him at the lowest esti
mate $3,000,000 when silver was ona parity
with gold. When at the. zenith of! his
success Wheeler visited ( Manitou,. and so
pleased was he with the place that he
ordered one of the finest villas in the West
to be built on the side of an old trail lead
ing to the summit of Pikes Peak. 'There
he held forth season after season, enter
taining with a lavishne^s that was aston
ishing. Every one attempted to trail after
him in the matter of investments, for, be
never failed to make handsome returns
from anything he touched. JJjjj.
A residence at Manitou was not enough
for a bonanza king who might want to use
large sums at any hour of the day, so he
started a bank that in the summer season
controlled the business between ; the
watering place and the East, for a draft
from Wheeler's bank was deemed so good
that it really commanded a premium over
larger and incorporated concerns at Colo
rado Springs. y\
J- But one day a quiet little fellow named
Casserleig-i from Kansas City walked into
the office of the, millionaire and made a
demand for possession oi the Aspen mine
and a share of ; the profits that Wheeler
had been | storine? "; away for ten' years.
W Peeler ordered him out of the office and
then Casserlei-h. who bad spent five years
in procuring testimony, went to the heirs
of a deceased prospector and told them
they , were ; en titled i-toJ a million -iby.
proofs in hia '.- possession. : fie told them
' that Wheeler bad defrauded; one Woods,
a poor old miner, out of his property ,by
representing that tne mine would never
pay, and* getting his relinquishment 'for
the nominal sum of $150. Woods had
died and his family was scattered, most of
them suffering for want of food when
Casserleigh found them. ,-' ;
- Judgment was rendered against Wheeler
for $750,000, and the litigation was carried
to the highest courts of the land, where
the findings were approved, thus encom
passing the downfall of the millionaire.
Both of his banks at Aspen and Manitou
were turned over to assignees to-day under
instructions from ' Whoeler by 'telegraph
from New York, where he resides. Wheeler
is now on his way here and 13 expected to
! arrive on Friday. ■ ' ■
STAVING OFF THE DIVORCE.
Latest Western Union' Move. to Prevent .the
Segregation of 'the Company From ■
the Union Pacific.
OMAHA, Nebr.. May 3.— Rush Taggart
of New York, solicitor for the Western
Union Telegraph Company, was in the
United States" court to-day v asking for,
leave to make a supplementary filing in
the case of the United' States against bis
company and the Union Pacific Railroad
Company in the matter of separating tbe
telegraph business of the defendants. The
question before the court is the entering
of a decree, in obedience 'to the mandate
of ; the Supreme Court,-, absolutely and
finally divorcing the Western Union from
the Union Pacific and compelling ' the
latter hereafter to operate a telegraph line
of its own for commercial purposes. - -
Mr. Taggart raises' the point that the de
cree which it is proposed to enter is not a
correct copy of the original decree signed
by Judge Brewer, but this is less import
ant than the request that before any fur-
proceedings in the- matter are had
the receivers of the Union Pacific be made
defendants, . the ~ original action having
been v brought _ beoref receivers were
appointed. Before the decree :is entered,
also, an accounting between the Union
Pacific and Western Union, with '. a sched
ule of telegraph equipment owned by
each, is asked: for. ;}<-■■:'
- The court took the matter under consid
eration. - It is the conjecture that the de
fendants are seeking only for time,
hoping to defer the entering of the decree
until after the contemplated sale of the
Union Pacific, when possibly the necessity
of a decree may be avoided by j a ratifica
tion of the old contract by the new com
pany and the making of a new con
tract. •■ ' * *_-- .•'-'- ;' ,
BOSTON'S CELESTIAL PARK HURST.
Wong Hay's ■ Crusade . Against the Opium
'•j'-J- and Gambling Dens — Charges the
jPolice With Corruption. J
BOSTON, Mass., May 3.— Boston has de
veloped, within her borders a Chinese
Park hurst, who lias appealed to Governor
Wolcott to aid him in cleaning the c ty of
Chinese opium and gambling dens, which,
he says, are maintained with: the knowl
edge of the police^ who, he says, receive
$225 a week hush money. <: He; is Wong
Kay, superintendent of a Chinese Sunday
school, and he is backed up by Rev. A. A.
Berle," chaplain of the Ancients, and forty
eight other. Chinamen.
V The Governor : is; asked to make a star
; chamber investigation. Mr. -Berle says
the Chinaman has a big story and a good
case, but tbat police headquarters refuse
to have anything to do with him and his
I' plaint. : The Governor will hear him later.
Kay professes to be in fear of his life. Lee
Hing, one of the most prominent of the
non-Christian Chinamen, says that Kay's
crusade is the beginning of a war upon
the secret society members of the colony,
but he denies tbat Kay is in any danger.
The police say that Kay is lying. Kay
has been here about five years, coming
from Los Angeles.
IMPRISONED IN A SEWER.
Thrilling Ordeal That Causes a Laborer's
'. flair to - Turn From Raven Black
' io Snowf White.
BOSTON, Mass., May 3.— The newly
completed metropolitan sewer, which lex
tends from Somerville to Cambridge, on
tbe Outskirts of Boston, was opened to
day with nearly fatal results, a workman
enduring a terrible experience. . Francisco
Lazaroni, an Italian laborer, went back
into tbe sewer to-night to searc h for some
tools after work was suspended. When
he returned he found that big three-inch
planks had been nailed over the entrance,
actually imprisoning him.
His cries and blows were of no avail.
He' could not make himself hoard and
could not force the heavy planks. J It was
inky dark and the only avenue of escape
was at the. other exit, over two miles
away, in Cambridge. The sewer is only
four feet deep,' which prevented him from
standing erect, so he could only make his
way slowly and painfully with bent back,
bruising himself at every turn 'by falling
on the slippery bricks.
• It was 'an awful ordeal. ' For hours he
walked, often-falling exhausted and hope
less in the deathlike blackness and silence.
After four hours- and alter walking over
two miles he was rescued at the other en
trance, - more dead 'than alive. -When
taken out' his' drawn and haggard features
were crowned by ; a head of snow-white
hair, wbich only ' four hours ' before was
black as night.
MORE PLANTATIONS FLOODED.
A Negro Who >. Persisted in Riding Horse- j
ij y' back on a Levee Is Killed by
a Guard. '' '.Jj [J
* new Orleans; La.. May 3.— The
levee on the Ansla plantation at West
Feliciana, belonging to estate of 8. L.
James, lessee' of the State .penitentiary,
broke to-day and the plantation is flooded.
The steamer Trudeau removed the cattle
to the highlands., The J levee protected
only a few plantations, but they are very
rich ones and will be seriously damaged.
A negro named Jesse. Martini was killed
by a levee guard near Lobdell Landing,
West Baton Rouge, yesterday, for going
on the levee. ' '.. ■-,>- ;,.-;-. • '■Jy'J.y
',' The . guards have ■ strict . injunctions to
keep all the', people off, for lear of levee
cutters.. Martin insisted ■ upon riding on
horseback on the levees, and, refusing, to
leave, the guard opened * fire, killing tbe
horse and wounding Martin,. who died to
day. There baa been a great deal of firing
on supposed levee-cutters, but this is the
first death. iJJ.J'iyj-j..
\J Major Richardson, Chief State Engi
neer, has been ordered by the Governor to
take charge of the city levees. After tare
fully inspecting them he declares that
they are in splendid condition, and that
New Orleans need not be in the slightest
degree alarmed. . . i-jyj.
Jour of Pugilists.
BOSTON, Mass., May 3.— Tom O'Rourke
is arranging for a trip. to San Francisco
with; Joe Wolcott and : George, D xon,
whom he exDects to match against George
Green i and *.; Hawkins. ■' \ The ' party will
leave in about a fortnight.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DRAMATIC
PLEA FOR
PATRIOTS
Morgan Cries Out That
Cruelties to Cubans
Must Cease.
IN THE NAME OF GOD
AND HUMANITY.
Such -Horrors as Weyler Has
Inflicted Should Be at
Once Checked.
RECOGNITION WOULD PREVENT
STARVAIION.
Sleek, Well Fed Hale of Maine,
However, Obj cts and Causes
a Postponement.
WASHINGTON, D- C, May 3.— ln tbe
Senate to-day tbe joint resolution recog
nizing the belligerency of Cuba, intro
duced some weeks ago by Morgan, was
taken up, and Morgan asked a vote upon
it. . An objection was interposed by Hale,
who said he had only just returned
from the obsequies of bis colleague in
the House, Milhken, and was not pre
pared to speak upon the resolution. He
said otber Senators also desired to speak
upon it. He assure I Morgan be had no
desire to delay action and was willing to
have a vote taken as soon as it could
properly be done. He could not, how
ever, agree to have the time fixed for such
vote as Morgan suggested.
Morgan said he had reliable authority
for the statement that under tbe present
policy of Weyler thousands of people were
literally starving to death in Cuba. In
the city of Matanzas and other cities and
towns * hundreds of .persons were naked,
diseased, starving and begging for crumbs.
-That condition had been brought about,
he said, oy the most- inhuman method of
war. which Weyler had instituted in
Cuba, driving people from . their homes
where they might be* able to subsist and
berding them in towns, requiring tbem to
remain under a promise of support from
the Spanish Government. That promise
had not only not been kept, but was will
fully violated. He was alraid before the
Senator from Maine would get ready to
submit his remarks hundreds of persons
would starve to death in Cuba under that
policy. Ttie peoole of the 'United States
were sending money and provisions to
India to help tbe starving Hindoos, but
no such contributions were sent to Cuba.
If any attempt to do so were made the
contributions would .be intercepted by
ships of the United States; or if not they
would be refused admittance into the
ports of Cuba.
' "Well, sir," he exclaimed dramatically,
"I cannot remain in a state of content
ment while I know these sufferings, .those
woes, these outrages, these horrible inflic
tions are going on under the name of
Spanish warfare. Let the burden of
responsibility fall upon those who are
willing to bear it. In the name ol God
and humanity lam not willing to share
that burden. No, sir, not for a day. What
I conceive to be the duty of the Senate is
to forthwith act on this joint resolution
and either pass or refuse to pass it. Let
us stand in an honest and sincere light
before God and humanity. Let us not
attempt to deceive ourselves and mankind
at large with . the idea we have got any
human sympathy left in our bosoms or
any feeling of resentment against the out
rages and barbarities perpetrated in Cuba,
while we stand here talking about the ex
pression of our honest views on so great a
subject. I will not consent, however, to
further delay, knowing in doing so I am
exposing men to starvation, disease and
death, from which they woold bo relieved
by the passage of this joint resolution
whether passed by the House and ap
proved by the President or not."
Hale said.be did not agree with Morgan
regarding the present condition of things
in Cuba, nor did he think the passage of
the joint resolution would tend to improve
matters. He thought it would rather
intensify them. He assured Morgan he
had no desire to delay action and would
be ready to proceed with the discussion to
morrow. With this the colloquy closed,
the joint resolution going over until to
morrow.
THE COB Alt REPUBLIC.
There Will Be a. Meeting of lta Congress
• to Revise the Law*.
PUERTO PRINCIPE, Cuba, April 17.—
Representatives of Orient, Camaguey and
Las Villas in the General Assembly of the
Cuban Republic, which will probably
meet in May at Guaimarito have already
arrived at the headquarters of the Cuban
Government ; near San Jeronimo. .The
Government has received advices from
Matanzas. Havana and Pinar del Rio.
Representatives of these States have also
been nominated in the elections held in
tbe Cuban array of the West. They ex
pect to arrive soon. .
The Assembly's object is a revision of
the constitution .. proclaimed .September
16, . 1895. The special law will also be
vetoed prohibiting chiefs of the army from
receiving proposals of peace from Span
i lards and declaring to be a traitor and2
liable to the death penalty any Cuban
who shall make such proposals unless
they are based upon absolute indepen
dence of the Island. The Representatives
will be twenty-four in number—four from
each of the six States into which the
island is divided. After the constitution
is revised and other measures providing
for an improved internal administration
adopted the Assembly will adjourn to
meet again for the election of a Presi
dent. According to the opinion of the
majority the re-election of President Sal
vador Cisneros is almost certain. The
only formidable rival is Vice-President
Masso, who served in the army during the
war of 1868 <nd was one of the first to take
up arms in 1895.
PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATIONS.
Appointment of Stanton Sickles as Sec
retory of Legation at Madrid
Causes Speculation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May The
President sent the following nominations
tc the Senate to-day: . •"
Diplomatic— F. Patterson of Tennes
see to be Consul-General at Calcutta .India;
Stanton Sickles of New York, secretary of lega
tion at Madrid. t
Navy— Assistant Engineer Claude B. Trice to
bs passed assistant engineer; Lieutenants
(junior grade) William E. Safford and Fred
erick R. Brainard to be lieutenants; Ensign
Mark L. Bristol to be lieutenant, junior grade;
John Hancock Merriam of Minnesota to be an
assistant paymaster; Alpha E. Hoyt ot
Wyoming to be Register of the Land Office |
at Sun Dance, Wyo.
Postmasters Nelson Sleppy, Chino, Cal.;
Nathaniel Bullock, Eureka, Cal.; Susan 1..
Drake. Colusa, Cal.; J. Van Dyke. Alexandria,
Minn.; Oliver H. Stilson, Grand Rapids. Minn.
Stanton Sickles, whom the President
has nominated for Secretary of Legation
at -Madrid, is a son of General Daniel
Sickles, and as such his appointment may
carry considerable significance. General
Sickles is one of the most ardent sup
porters of the Cuban cause. He has been
from the very first an open advocate of
extreme measures on the part of this Gov
ernment, being especially outspoken for
Cuba's annexation, and has openly ex
pressed a desire to be the first Governor of
Cuba. His son's sentiments are un
known. Save for the few years be has
spent in this country, most of which has
been at Yale, all of his life has been
spent in Spain, where he is now.
Benjamin M. I'rentis, appointed Post
master at Bethany, Mo., is one of the he
roes of tbe battle of Shilob.
STEAL AMERICAN INVENTIONS.
German Manufacturers Who Are Growing j
R eh Imitating Productions of Th s
Country.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3. — The
Consul at Chemnitz has made a report in
which be severely criticizes the German
Government for its treatment of American
products and manufactures. He says that
Germany bas greater fears of the United
States in the future than any other coun- ;
try. !
"We bave nothing to expect from Ger- j
many in the way of permanent trade," he j
says. "Our machines will be bought, ta Ken
apart and successfully imitated, except j
when our manufacturers are wise enough j
to take out imperial patent rights."
The Consul adds that one manufacturer !
who has grown rich by stealing American
inventions will leave Germany within ten
days for America, for the purpose of secur- j
ing new inventions and selling them as '
his own.
"This is no market for our merchants
or manufacturers," says the Consul. "It j
is not in the temper of these people to
take our wares except to successfully imi- I
tate them. Many of the largest and most !
successful factories in this district owe
their prosperity to American merchants!
and American ideas. If uroois of this ;
statement are wanted 1 have them ready." !
The Consul suggests the advisabi.'ity of I
entering into commercial relations with ;
Russia and Austria with a view to forcing j
Germany into more satisfactory trade re- !
lations.
PROVES A SPLE\DiI> VESSEL.
Official Report of the Cruiser Brooklyn's
Pinal Trial.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3.— The
ofliciai report of the armored cruiser
Brooklyn's final trial was received to-day
and shows the Brooklyn to be a splendid
vessel. She made eighteen knots under
natural draught. The engines ran
smoothly, without heating, and gave no
trouble whatever despite the suspicion
that they had been injured by the ground
ing of the sbip in the Delaware River last
February. Average indicated horsepower
of the main engines for the whole run at
lull speed was $293.7.
The turret-turning gear, steam and elec
tric, worked easily and quickly. The guns
proved to be all right and the vessel stood
concussion well. There was no oppor
tunity for testing her qualities as a sea
boat or for the working of her turrets
under heavy-weather conditions on ac
count of the smooth sea, but the board
pays the vessel will not fail of efficient
behavior under any conditions of the
service.
fOX THE POSTAL COXGBBBB.
An Appropriation of 950,000 to Defray
the tirpenses,
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3.— ln the
Senate to-day. Chandler introduced a joint
resolution appropriating $50,000 for the
expenses of the congress of the Universal
Postal Union now assembling in Wash
ington, and after remarks in support of it
by Allison, chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, the resolution was passed.
Chandler introduced a bill authorizing
the issue of certificates of indebtedness not
exceed in si $50,000,000 to meet temporary de
ficiencies in the revenue. They are payable
three years after their date, and bear
interest at 3 per cent. The bill was re
ferred to the Finance Committee.
Pacific (oast Pensions.
WASHING! ON, D. C, May % 3-Pen
sions have been issued as follows: Califor
nia: Original— Samuel B. McCall. Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles; Riley Horr,
Calpella; Levi Starbuck, Santa Cruz.
Original widows, etc.— Priscilla J. Fergu
son. Chico.
Oregon: Original widows, etc.— -William
F*«s, falher, Philomath.
Washington: Original— John Taylor,
Lowell.
Banker* Want tekels Reappointed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3.— There
is a •quiet effort on foot to induce Presi
dent McKinlev to appoint Charles Daws
of Evanston, 111., to some office, and when
the present term of Comptroller Eckels
shall have expired to reappoint him. In
stead of making a change. This effort is
fathered by prominent bankers in the
country. It is understood that Secretary
Gage is favorably inclined.
.-.-■■■ \
Colorado tanks Fall.
MANITOU. Colo.', May 3.— The Wheeler
Banking Company with a capital of
*f50,C00 assigned to-day to M. A. Leddy.
ihe liabilities are small. Wheeler's bank
in Aspen also closed its doors.
Durrant'. 1 ait Appeal.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3.— Justice
Field has received a telegram saying that
Attorney Collins started for Washington
on Saturday with tbe papers in tbe case of
Durrani's last appeal.
SHAFTER NOW A
BRIGADIER-GENERAL
Confirmed by the Sen
ate Despite Strong
Opposition. : :;
*.''".■
Major Dowling Detailed as
Military Attache at
Vienna.
Great Chan-gas Contemplated as a
Result of Commissioning* New
Gunboats. *
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3.-The
nomination of Colonel William K. Shafter
as brigadier-general was confirmed by the
Senate to-day, notwithstanding all oppo
sition, as predicted in Thk Call's Wash
ington dispatches.
General Shafter was a visitor at The
Call? Washington office to-night. He is
very much gratified over the action of
Senate. He is also proud of the last honor
conferred upon him by the President.
! He has been assigned to command the
! Department of tbe East, with head
quarters at Governors Island, during the
absence of General Merritt, wbo will be
'in Europe for two months. This com
mand is second in importance, that at
Chicago being tbird.
At the end of the two months Genera)
Shatter will return to San Francisco, and
! after packing bis household effects will
j remove to Vancouver, the headquarters of
j the Department of the Columbia. He
I goes to Governors Island on Thursday.
! General Shafter said to The Call corre
! spondent to-night that Lieutenant-Colonel
Kline, now of the Ninth, would succeed
Colonel Jewett as colonel of tbe Twenty
first Infantry, and tbat Lieutenant-Colonel
Miles would be as* gned to the First In
fantry.
The War Department has decided to
detail Major Dowling of the Third Ar
tillery, now at the Presidio, as military
attache at Vienna, Austria. By direction
of tbe Secretary of War, Private John P.
Collins, Company G, First Infantry, now
t the Presidio of San Francisco, will be
discharged the service of tbe United States
on receipfrof this order by the command
ing oflicer of his station.
Lieutenant-Colonel William H. Bell, U.
■ S. A., assistant commissary general sub
sistence, has been granted a patent for a
. project adapted particularly to smooth-
I bore guns, in which means are provided
! for imparting a rotary motion whereby it
I is kept steady upon its axis in flight and
i prevents the common errors technically
i known as "tumbling." The projectile was
; recently tested at the Presidio of San
| Francisco, where it was fired from a six
! pounder smooth-bore gun, attained a
I velocity of 700 feet per second, and satis
fied all the requirements claimed. Inter
ested with Lieutenant-Colonel BeU in the
invention is Captain W. D. Reed, U. 8. A.,
retired, of San Francisco.
As a result of the commissioning of new
; gunboats there promises to be a consid
! erable change of material of ships on for
eign naval stations. Orders have been
issued by the Navy Dspartment placing
; the Wilmington in commission. Details
! are also being prepared for the gunboat
Concord, the repairs to which have just
\ been completed at Mare Isl-nd, and for
; the Helena and Annapolis, which have
; been preliminarily acc&pted and are now
'. nt the yards of their builders undergoing
; final touches preliminary to being turned
: over to the Government.
Instead of being the training-ship for
the Naval Academy it has been deter
mined by the officials to use the Annapo
lis for regular service and have the
| Vicksburg perform this duty. This vessel
| is under construction at the Bath Iron
j Works. The Vicksburg will have her pre
j liminary trial witbin a few days. The
! Nashville, which is practically completed
j at the works of the Newport News Ship
building Company, has had several con
tractors' trials and has been reported as
ready for her official test.
The gunboats Wheeling and Marietta
are being completed at the Union Iron
Works and instructions are being sent to
the officers at Mare Island to lay out a
trial course for the vessels in San Fran
cisco Bay. Considerable difficulty is being
experienced in getting crews for these
ships, but once they are manned they will
be sent to the four quarters of the globe.
The monitor Amphitrite, before being
i laid up in ordinary at Annapolis, will go
to Norfolk, where she will be placed in
! apple-pie order. Those of her crew who
I wiil not be retained on board this ship for
duty will be distributed among tbe gun
boats to go in commission.
The Columbia will also be thoroughly
repaired before being placed in ordinary,
and a portion of her crew will be used for
filling the complements of men intended
for the third-rate vessels.
Tbe Concord, which will be commanded
by Commander Asa Walker, will prob
ably be sent to China. Upon her appear
ance there is reason to believe that tbe
Yorktown will be ordered home. Witbin
the next year the Monocacy will probably
be disposed of and one of the new gun
boats will be sent to China to take her
place.
The Wilmington may be ordered to the
South Atlantic station to take tbe place of
the Yantic, which is now on her way to
Norfolk, where she will be placed out of
commission.
It is the purpose of Secretary Long to
distribute the gunboats as much as possi
ble, and lay a numberof tbe larger vessels
up in ordinary, so as to run the navy on
as economical a basis as possible.
The detail of officers to take a course of
instruction at the naval war college dur
ing the coming summer is being prepared
at the Navy Department. On account of
the necessity of officers performing work
in connection with vessels under construc
tion and tbeir routine duty, some diffi
culty is being experienced in getting
twenty-five who are available. Com
mander C. F. Goodrich, the president of
the institution, has outlined a course of
study, which will be lollowed. Ji : JA
PERMITTED ;TO RESIGN.
While Xini.ter to Hayti Smythe Was
Tea Drunk to ttrnd to Duly. J .
WASHINGTON, D. C, May. 3.--The
publication of the proposition of .'■ tbe
P.-esilent of San Domingo to grant .the
United State* a coaling station in Samana
Bay ; has led j to the discovery * that the
American Minister to Hayti, Henry M.
Smythe, to whom; the proposition was
made, was allowed to resign while charges
were pending against bim of being a
baoitual drunkard. Smytbe's statement
that ho was dismissed through a blunder
of Assistant Secretary of State Cridler
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1897.
while on the point of giving the depart
ment the details of a project which he
had arranged with the San Domingo Gov
ernment i 3 not officially admitted, but
there is no doubt that immediately after
making the verbal report to Secretary
Sherman his resignation was accepted.
It transDlres that whether.or not Crindler
acted without authority it is a fact that
specific charges of habitual drunkenness,
incapacitating him from the performance
of official duty, is now on file against
Smythe in the State Department made by
various persona. Following are extracts
from the written charges: '■':■'■' '■■.." V
' "He arrived from San Domingo March
15. and I can prove by every Consul here,
starting from the United Slates down to
every other, that since his arrival be has
not been one hour sober, abd not drunk
alone, but beastly drunk besides. He is
just staggering all day from one side to
the other of tho streets, with a crowd of
little boys Calling out, 'Look at the
drunken sailor.'
"Smythe made an appointment to meet
the Minister of Foreign Relations on the
•-!*">! Keed, the Vice-Consul, was to go
wiih him and act as interprets. When
the time arrived Reed found the Minister
in such a drunken state bu refuse .* to go
with film, and the upshot was there was
no meeting at all. This man Smythe is
the laughing-stock of the community."
It is understood the State Department
will shOitly give a statement covering the
facts regarding Smythe's negotiations tor
a coaling station. --- ; -V.
MILL VALLEY COCKING MAIN.
Tame Duel Between Go Fowls in a
Secluded Canyon Near the
Ti if.7.
MILL VALLEY, Cal.. May 3.— A genuine
old-fasbioned cocking main was I eld in
one of the canyons between Mill Valley,
and Alto, and was witnessed by a number
of sports from Ran Franciscoand others
Irom this vicinity. The canyon selected
for the illegal pastime is just beyond East
Mll Valley. The birds were of the game
fowl variety, the roosters having been
raised especially to appease the morbid
longings of persons inteiested in such
sports. Yesterday afternoon a quiet tip
was passed to the trusted few who knew
that the event was to take place, and they
slipped quietly away from Mill Valley and
journeyed to the secluded canyon.
One of the cock* was raised in Mill Val
ley and great things were expected of him,
while the other bird was broil- over
from San Francisco by its owner. So
secretly was the affair conducted that the
officers did not know of it until this morn
ing alter the princinal parties had left for
the City and tne tight was a thing of the
past. Those who witnessed the fight say
that it was a tame affair and a great dis
appointment. The birds had not been
supplied with gaffs, but the owners took
the precaution to sharpen their spurs.
When the games hopped lorward to fight,
the spectators expected a fierce struggle,
but the pair showed little energy and
needed considerable urging before they
could be made to fly at each other. They
acted as if tired, and neither took the
offensive with any vim, to the great dis
gust of tbe assembled sports.
Taken all in all tie tight was a disap
pointment, andwthe favored few who trav
eled over the dusty roads to witness it
were more tban angry.
It is said that another fight between the
same birds will be brought off if the ar
rangements can be completed without
coming to the knowledge ol tbe officers or
others who will stop the sport aud arrest
tbe principals and spectators.
FITZ WOS'T IHi HI CHOIXSKI.
Says Joe Must First Vanquish Corbett
and Maher.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 3.—Fitzsim
mons arrived from Pittsburg yesterday.
He immediately set aside all chances of a
match with Cboynski by declaring that
the posting of $1000 by "Parson" Davies
with Al Smith to further the encounter
next fall was futile. Fitzsimmons added
that he does not intend to fight anybody
for a while, and if he does make up his
mind to go into the ring once more his
next opponent will not be Choynski.
"If Joe wants to fight me," said Bob,
"he must go ahead and lick Corbett and
Maher. There is no absolute chance of
any of those would-be fighters meeting me
unless they go ahead and do something
I've fought every one and licked them ail
with the exception of Goddard and Jack
son. Peter is a great fighter, but has re
tired. Goddard is the only man left and
he is entitled to first chance.''
Speaking of Corbett the champion said:
"I don't know wbat I wilt do with him. I
may fight him again and may not."
Will Sail on Saturday.
BLOOM INGTON, 111., May 3.— Adlai
Stevenson sails from New York for Havre
on Saturday with Wolcott and Paine, the
other members of the bimetallic commis
sion. Mr. Stevenson said to-night, that the
commission will first visit Paris and later
tbe other capitals, probably Loudon tirst
and next Berlin. j
"We shall be guided to great extent
by our instructions from Washington,"
said he, "Our object is to secure the con
sent of all European nations to holding a
conference regarding an international
agreement on silver."
On the Ball field.
BROOKLYN, V., May 3.— BrooklynsS, Bal
timore;* 3. The game was called on account of
darkness.
WASHINGTON, D. CL, May 3.-Wn»hingtons
reluslng to play New York* after the third
inning, forfeited the game, 9 to 0.
PITTSBURG, Fa., May 3.-Filiiburg*7, Louis
ville^.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 3— Clere'.ands 6,
Cinctnuatis .2. Elsewhere the games were
postponed on account of rain.
Michael and Sic Pari and Matched.
MEMPHIS, Tei***., May 3. — Jimmie
Michael, the middle-distance champion
of America, arrived with his team of pace
makers to-day. Within an hour after bis
arrival Michael had been matched to ride
a ten-mile race against McFarland, the
lanky Californian, on Friday night. Four
multicycle teams will pace. *•
Calusn Hate » eeting.
COLUSA, Cal., May 3.— A week's rac
ing meet will commence here to-morrow
under the auspices of the Colusa Jockey
Club. There are between sixty and
seventy -five horses at the tract, among
them some of the crack racers in Northern
California. The town is already overrun
with people and the visitors are assured
of tine sport. *--"*--„
facht.tnen'. Fete in Sau*atito.
SAUSALITO, Cal., May 3.— The Pacific
Yacht Club's opening will take place on
Saturday, May 15. The San Francisco
Yacht Club's crafts will participate in the
exercises. An elaborate lunch will be
prepared for tbe guests, to be served in
the afternoon. H. C. Law will act as
commodore, and Martin Roberts, Jr., at
vice-commodore.
Australians B.aten at Suisun.'
SUISUN. Cal., May 3.— An exciting
baseball game was played here Sunday
afternoon between the Australians and
the home team, the latter winning by a
score of 10 to 7. The visitors played a
good game and were loudly cheered. They
showed great improvement in fielding.
Sprinter Crum Di»* of Appendicitis,
DES MOINES. •lowa, May 3.— John V.
Crum, one of the most noted amateur
sprinters of the present decade, died this
morning of appendicitis. He was 23 years
old. * -
Minister Clayton In Route.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex., May 3.-General
Clayton, Minister to Mexico, arrived here
on Sunday and : was tendered- a recep
tion by the business men and officers at
Fort Sam Houston. He will ■ resume his
trip to Mexico to-morrow. "
LIVELY WORDS
IN THE SENATE
Morgan and Tillman Go
at Each Other With
Sarcasm.
The Alabama Senator Resents
the Assertion That He Is
a Cobbler.
And Says Some Rather Uncompli
mentary Things -"bout South
Carolina People.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3.— Senator
Vest's resolution for an investigation by
the Committee on Commerce of the causes
of disastrous floods of the Mississippi was
reported back favorably from tne Com
mittee on Contingent Expenses in the
Senate to-day, and went over until to
morrow. v*;-^'
A message from the President recom
mending an appropriation of $6000 for dis
tribution among the heirs ot the three
Italians lynched in Louisiana last August,
"without admitting liability by this Gov
ernment," was referred to tbe Committee
on Appropriations.
The Senate then went into executive
; session, where Morgan delivered another
installment of his speech against the arbi
tration treaty.
When the doors were reopened the Sen
ate bill to provide free houses on public
lands for actual and na-fide settlers,
and to reserve public lands for tbat pur
pose, was taken up as unfinished business.
An amendment Was offered by Morgan
providing that all public lands not taken
up by homestead entry January 1, 1900,
shall be granted to States and Territories
for educational purposes.
Morgan was twitted by Tillman with at
tempting to "gobble up" public lands for
the benefit of Alabama and other States
which had them, leaving out such States
as South Carolina, in which there are no
public lands. JJ^JJ'J
"I am not a gobbler," Morgan said
severely, "and the rules of decency which
apply to gobblers do not apply to me.'
The colloquy was continued in a bitter
tone, Tillman declaring that nearly half
the people of Alabama had descended
from the men of South Carolina and were
proud of their forefathers.
Morgan retorted he was willing to vote
that all who came -to Alabama from
South Carolina should go back there.
"I have never seen an Alabaman that
came from South Carolina," said Tillman,
"who was not proud of it."
, "Yes," said Morgan, contemptuously,
"they are usually proud and poor; that is
the misfortune of a great many people."
After this interchange of compliments
Morgan withdrew the amendment and
tho bill went over till to-morrow, when a
vote will be taken.
BAILEY'S IXFLVEXCB WANES.
Jerry Simpson Gets Almost as Much
. nnpporl « •* the Texas Leader.
WASHINGTON, D. C., May, 3.— Jerry
Simpson, Populist leader, of Kansas, rose
in the House to-day to a question of per
sonal privilege, as the basis for which he
sent to the clerk's desk and had read sev
eral newpaper extracts charging him with
being an obstructionist. One Of these,
from the Glenns Falls (N. V.) Times, said
of him:.
He reminds ns strikingly of a species of
sheep which when released tears all over the
farm. Knocking down everything and every
body in sight. But Jerry wants to always keep
in mind that this bounding, buoyant hunter
sometimes runs its head against a wall, and
Jerry, when he tackled Tom Reed, makes us
think very much of this simile. ' ;. ,r t
Some people will think the truth of this
characterization j Was vindicated by the
subsequent proceedings. Before the
House had adjourned a majority had re
lieved Reed of the responsibility of refus
ing to appoint committees, which was the
burden of Simpson's plaint, and by a vote
of 124 to 51 formally declared it did not
want the committees appointed.
To be sure, he was not the immediate
cause of this action, knowing too well the
result to respond to the challenge of tne
Speaker to test the sense of the House on
the question. But the impetuous mem
ber, James Hamilton Lewis of Washing
ton, rushed in where Jerry feared to tread
and the issue was made, with the result
stated.
The proceedings leading up to the vote
were unusually lively. After Simpson
i ad read his collection Of Clippings Ding
ley made a point, no question of persona!
privilege being presented by Simpson,
and the Sneaker expressed the same opin
ion. ■':','*■
Notwithstanding this Simpson went on
declaring he would not rest under the
charge of obstructing business when the
truth was the Sneaker had failed to ap
point committees in accordance with the
rules of the House. This angered Reed,
who engaged in an animated colloquy with
Simpson, challenging him or any other
member to present a resolution directing
the Speaker to appoint committees.
"If he will do that and the House" ap
proves his position the committees will
be promptly appointed," Reed said with
emphasis.
"The Speaker knows a single objection
would prevent consideration," Simpson
pleaded. ■•***. •
"The chair will recognize the gentle
man for that purpose. Will he introduce
the resolution ? ' tbe Speaker asked.
"Oh, with a brute majority at his back
the Speaker likely enough will be sus
tained," was the reply.
"Will the gentleman introduce the res
olution?" Reed reiterated. "He knows
he can settle this question by presenting
the resolution and the chair would wel
come the test." ::yJ;J'-y
Simpson, however, was not inclined to
accept the challenge and endeavored to
proceed with his personal privilege. /;■■
Several members on the Republican side
protested against his being permitted to
go on simply because |he had seen fit to
make an attack upon the Speaker.
"Oh," exclaimed Simpson, "is the
Speaker not to be attacked ? Is he beyond
the reach of all of us here?"
He was cut short by the fall of the
Speaker's gavel. The Speaker ruled that
Simpson had not presented a question of
personal privilege. He said: "It would
be bad policy, to permit the time of the
House to be taken up with such newspa
per statements as he has presented, for it
is apparent they do not in any wise injure
the gentleman's usefulness." . -"J'Jy
; This shot was received with loud laugh
ter. Democrats and Republicans alike
joining. The Speaker asked the House to
determine whether Simpson bad presented
a question of privilege. By a vote of 94 to
37 it was decided he had not and on
demand for the ayes only eighteen joined
him. *; - - 1 '
Dingley moved the usual three day ad
journment and it resulted in ayes 128,
noes 46.
Lewis' resolution was then Introduced.
It declared it to be the sense of the House
that committees be appointed as soon as
possible. Lewis advocated the adoption
of the resolution M meeting the demands
ol the country that the fr-e coinage of
silver be discussed and ordered if Con
gress shall deem bast. J ,*-J:-il
After Bailey's remarks on the resolution
Dingley moved an amendment by declar
ing it to be the sense of the House that
the committee be immediately appointed.
Dingley's resolution was accepted as the
question before the House. The Republi
cans and followers of Bailey among the
Democrats voted no. It resulted, ayes 51,
noes 124.
Incidentally, the proceedings came near
making a shipwreck of Bailey's leader
ship. He opposed the resolution, declar
ing it to be tbe sense of the House that
committees be not appointed at tbis ses
sion, and when the vote was counted it
was found Bailey was only supported by
thirty-one Democrats, while thirty under
Simpson voted against him. While the
vote was progressing it was said by one of
the Bailey men it was really a test of con
fidence in Bailey as a leader; that ever
since the caucus three weeks ago the op
ponents of Bailey had desired to get an
aye and no vote on the question.
The Senate joint resolution appropriat
ing $50,000 to pay the cost of the congress
of the Universal Postal Union was passed.
At 3:30 the House adjourned until
Thursday.
UXDEhT.tKEIxS HIS VICTIMS.
Capture and Swift Disposal of a Unique
London Thief.
LONDON, Eng., May 3.— The most
unique thief of the present decade, and
who for a year had been hunted in vain
by his victims, has at last been appre
hended, tried, convicted and sentenced to
penal servitude, all within sixty hours—
an unusual record in this country." •
His name was James Felix, and his
method was to call at undertakers' es
tablishments, generally late in the even
ing, for the purpose of making arrange
ments for the funeral of some mythical
father, mother, wife or other relative. . .1 '
When the undertaker's back was tem
porarily turned for the purpose of getting
sample's of satin with wnich to line the
casket or velvet with which to cover it or
samples of the silver plate or handles,
Felix would appropriate anything in
sight from the contents of the cash
drawer to an overcoat and make a hasty
departure.
In this way he has victimized over 400
undertakers in London, or an average of
two a week for four years.
On odd nights he made incursions by
rail into the residence suburbs, where he
played the same game, j Finally some of
the latter-day victims put tneir noses to
getner and issued a re ward for his capture,
which finally resulted in his conviction
and sentence. -• ?v
MANCHESTER'S POLICE SCAXDAL.
The Home Office Orders a Rigid Inquiry
to Be Made*
LONDON, Eng., May 3.— The Home Of
fice, yielding to the public sentiment ere*
ated by the church and law-abiding ele
ment generally of Manchester, has or
dered a rigid inquiry into the scandals of
the police department of that city, and a
partial exposure of which recently Created
so great a sensation. *
The scandals are said to permeate every
branch of the force, and include black
mail, levying of trioute for the protection
of unfortunates and criminals and other
offenses.
| The trouble is not confined to the rank
and file as the chief superintendent of po
lice, whose resignation was forced a few
weeks ago, admitted having owned for'
several years a number of houses which
were conducted as houses of ill fame with
his knowledge and consent, while in one
or two cases he not only owned the prop
erty, bat conducted throu-h housekeepers
the illegal business in question to his own
direct profit.
TARIFF REVISION COMPLETED.
With Jones' Aid the Bill ill Be Before
■l*i '■■■:'■; the senate Ihursday.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3.- The
sub-committee revising the tariff bill fin
ished its labors this afternoon. The meas
ure was sent to tbe printer early this
evening, and will be reported to the Fi
nance Committee at 10 o'clock to-morrow
mornine. rj'jy .'*' *V ".*•''
Tne Republicans have made peace With
Jones of Nevada, who holds the balance
of powefin the committee, and with his
support the bill will be reported to the
Senate at noon on Thursday, despite any
objection that may be raised by the Dem
ocratic members of the committee. The
latter will be asked to keep the bill seciet
until reported to the Senate, but if this
consent is not obtained the Republicans
will themselves make the bill public to
morrow. After reaching the Senate the
bill will remain on the calendar nntil
Monday, May 17, when its long discussion
, will begin, if the present Republican pro
gramme is carried out.
Movements of Waymire and Felton.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3.— Judge
James A. Waymire of California left for
New York last night. Ex-Senator Felton
of the same State left yesterday morning
for Philadelphia.
NEW fO-DAY. _ _
STOP EXPERIMENTING.
Be Assured By Well-Known Citizens _i>_» ■'
That the Electro- Medical Treat- _£jt_g_^^
ment Cures When AH Else Fails. (m_r^^^&___
The fame of the new Electro-Medical cure «•___. *•'
has spread all over the world like wild-tire. ,Q "*jf*& fShJ w^
Never before has thero been such a popular tjtk' r '^/t"4 *&* l/a) • » '■..-. iii
flood of testimony has been received by the U% • IrSIfJU&L
State Electro-Medical Institute. UhquestiOa- '.. *^. w£ /'W* Jr/ZPX'fn
ably more sick people have regained their ft* *-». t _4jJ^//J/a
heath by this new cure than by any other -^■ : |il|^§**k. «£* "* M*s%%%ffi
treatment Daily people apply »t the lusti- -$^^*^^^^^^^ vCu - m^^y//yy/
tute wno have b?en promised a cure by their *^^^^^^^<J-^^^^ J&JW/v//'/
physician and lived only to see that promise ;^^^^*^-^^V N /sS^bJ/t/'/r//
uniulfllled and gone on from day to day— dis-' SS^JJ-jJ^-W v^ / V *\W_\y/f////k
heartened. Many such have applied at th«* In- -<m '/^H, 25-r •/ ■ fliV ,T___\__m__y9K
stitute and have been given immediaie relief '«#: E uJ,"v\ J ***r-*J^r*i
and final y permanently cured. The reader $_. <*^Zti[C' Al
may meet any number of these people who <«.*? t******/' •» '*,**' «•
have been restoreu o Health by the new Elec- -," '- -
tro-Medical cure after other treatments had FRANCIS MARION COOKE
failed. \ .. .j _ - . .
Had Epileptic Fits Seven Years.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE: . SAN FKAKCI CO . <>»-. May 3, 1807.
For seven years 1 have been a stutterer from Epileptic Fits, with hey ach eg and <n_»» n -L debtiifv
Since beginning treatment at your In.'ltmelhaveesperienc'^ returnof Te fl"? »" * I fS?i S
tbat n.y nervou ; syst- m . agiin sound. I aiu saii.fied that ir any person ia io be Tab*o mtelv tend of *L
tendency to any di.re.slns* nervons trouble, it is br means of the E.ectro- - eaiel ««««,» v-K
l. the Kreatwt ever know o. FRANCIS M A RtOX COOKF,
. :■ ■ - - - ■ : . 889 Market .treet, S. F. .*'
NOTHING LIKE IT ELSEWHERE.
ele<Sc d^S^^^
HOME TREATMENT.
k_- I „«7 # live out of '?*- . and c " nn visit the Institute this need nAM.m-I*. **.« of »v'_ ;
benefit* of thi. wonderful treatment. Write a plain "ate Sen "S^S JlFttoJ «nla nina
your feeling, and symptoms a. clearly a. p ible. and from it the Innituu Doctors will be
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Market, Powell and Eddy Sts. Entrance 3 Eaay St.
SA* FKANCISCO. CALIFORNIA. Eddy St-j
CHEWING-GUM
FOB BULLETS
Colonel Buckand Young
King Fought a Funny
Duel. ;
At a Distance of Fifteen Paces
They Fired Five Harmless
Rounds.
Very Clever Ruse of Seconds t
Avert Bloodshed Yet Heal .
Wounded Honor.
CHICAGO. 111., May 3.— Colonel Jere
Buck of the South and W. L. King of Chi*
cago went out to kill eec^i other yesterday
according to the dueling code. Unknown
to them they shot chewing-gum bullets at
each other. The duel was fought at 5
o'clock yesterday afternoon, on a stretch
of sandbeach at the north end of Lincoln
Park. Colonel Buck served as an offic?r
on the Merriraac and on tbe staff of A. P.
Hill during the war. King is an insur
ance solicitor and the son of W. W. King,
who was a leading Chicago lawyer. The
Southerner was seconded by E. E. Kelly,
a member of the Board of Trade, and J.
S. Stevens, a Western Union telegraph
operator, stood by the side of King.
Other witnesses to the duel were Dr. A.
W. Bauer, a surgeon; Waite Denvitt, pro
prietor of the Lens ng Hotel, where the
principals lived, and F. D. Gallagher.
The trouble originated Friday over a war
discussion. King contended that General
McClellan was the greatest of modern
soldiers and Colonel Buck said it was a
lie. A physical encounter was narrowly
averted tben and a challenge followed
The weapons were 38-caliber revolvers Snd
the distance fifteen paces. The five cham
bers of both weapons revolved Until
empty, but neither principal was hurt.
They suspected the regulation ammuni
tion was not used, but they were induced
to shake bands and honor was satisfied.
The seconds loaded the revolvers with
chewing-gum.
IHEIR CAXO E CAPSIZED.
John Violin, \ lien Daughters and Xvoo
Farmhands Drottnsd.
GALLATIN, Texn., May 3.— John No
lin, a farmer, and two little daughters and
two farmhands were in a canoe on the
Cumberland River, returnin** from church
Sunday, when the canoe lipped and sunk.
The farmhands tried to swim ashore, but
were carried under by the current. Nolin
caught each of the girls by the waist and
tried to float down the stream, but the
children grabbed their father about the
neck, strangling: him, and all were lost.
»
The Arbitration Treaty.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3. The
arbitration treaty will by agree at come
up in tbe Senate for a vote Wednesday,
but there is still uncertainty regarding ite
fate. Tbe latest canvass shows tbat forty
votes are certain for the treaty and twenty
five ar*' certain against it. Twenty-nine
are sufficient to defeat It, but the opposi
tion do not know where the necessary four
additional votes can be found. There will
be considerable sparring over the treaty
before a vote is taken, but no prolonged
debate is expected.
jcew to-dat;
IWe are ' I
I Asking You ; ||
% ': To . favor us by doing ®
i yourself the favor . x
TO CALL FOR
I D ld %
1 The Star ¥"> : ii i
I Milwaukee fjCTCl I
% . Merely an exchange of %
% favors, which help US »
'.. to sell and YOU to get I
s America's most exquisite I
1 hitf ' I
I VAL BLATZ BREWING CO. I
(§ Milwaukee, Wis., I. S. A. $
| LOUIS COHEN & SON, ®
S ' Whole-sale Dealers, g
(» 416-418 Sacramento St. 8
■ :-.■.■...<.-. •.-■•:..: ■ * ■■■■-.
I Ml TROUBLED
With pains in the small of my back, .
also up each side of the backbone to
lower points of shoulder-blade. These
.pains are not permanent pains ; they
are fleeting, ever going and coming.
I am troubled with pains in the head
—shooting pains, such as might come
from Neuralgia. lam troubled with
_ feeling of dizziness in the head,
dark spots or dots before my eyes
and rings around my eyes. When I
look in the glass I see hollow sockets
in my face ; my breath is offensive. I
have a palpitation of the heart; a
curious weak feeling; I am sleepy
until I get to bed then lam wide-
awake—at times for a whole night.
I have nervous fits.
WHAT CII 00
To be cured? I do want to be a
s:rong man once more. The answer
is, Consult the Hudson Medical Doc-
tors, either privately or in a letter,
which is the same. Tell the doctors
just how you feel, do all you can to
help them, and if the great remedy-
treatment HUDYAN is good for you
the doctors will allow you to have it. .
Just 10,000 men claim to have been
cured with HUDYAN. Can they be
10,000 fools or worse? Dr. Johnson
says What all believe to be true must
be true. Well, if it is true that HUD-
YAN does cure, you ought to have it.
Don't get it yet Wait, learn, be pa-
tient, Write for Circulars and Tes-
timonials, or consult Hudson Doctors
free. The address is
llihlsod Medical Institute
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts.
I Philadelphia
Shoe CO. No. ID Third St,
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
CLOTH-TOP OX-BLOOD
Lace Sboes are worn by all ladies woo
.with to dress well and according to fash-
ion. They are tbe latest, . nobbiest and
swellest style We have -just received a
new Invoice, which we will sell at a price
' that Is bound to make a run on them. ;
, Ladies' Fine , Cloth Tip Ox-Blood Lace
Shoes, Pointed Toes ahd Tips, Circular
Vamps ana Heel Foxing, which we will
sell at $2 a pair Tbe supply is limited, as
It is a great bargain, so sand In ydur orders 1
.early. . . .. . % . . .*■ '"i'.yfi
j
Misses' and Children's Kussst Shoe* told j
at a great sacrifice.
tar Country orders soil?lte*l -
_ST Bend for Sow Illustrated Catalog
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
20 Third St.. Baa Franoisoo.
THE
WEEKLY
CTILL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of the
J News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE l AND
ol ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< -ny-sB PAPER ON THE
J PACIFIC COAST
3 \ _ /.
5 The Best \ /Mining
~J Telegraphic \X ' News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
©< , The Coast / . iSA up to date
oi Not a Line of it Sensational
©/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry or Uninteresting.
ol Bright, Clean, A Champion ol
1 * Thoughtful. . Troth. -
©) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME. ';'*
©) IT ADVOCATES 7 SENT BY
_J , HOME MAIL, 51.50 .
°( INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
©_ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR AU
• ---. . ** - - ■ '■■->- - ... .ONCE A RAIDER
UNDER VASOUEZ
Ramon Molina's Trial ]
for Murder Begun
at Fresno.
Slew a Cantua Creek Lad Who ,
Had Bested Him at
Wrestling.
The Accused Prisoner One of the
Most Hated of Early Day
Outlaws.
FRESNO, Cai... May 3.— The trial of
Ramon Molina for the murder of Juan
Parra in the Can tun Creek country, in the
northwestern portion of this county, five
years aco, was begun in Judge Webb's
court this morning and will be concluded
to-morrow.
Molina is an aged Mexican, and the j
Sheriff's force, which has made some in- j
vestigations, believes that he has a very
dark record. According to information
in the possession of the officers Molina
was a member of the Va*-auez gang of out
laws which terrorized California some
years ago. Yasquez was at the bead of a
large gang of Mexican brigands, and,
though he perpetrated awful cruelties on
many of his victims, Molina is said to
bave been too bloodthirsty for him and ,
the leader expelled the man now on trial
for murder from his gang.
From some of the old Mexicans who
knew Molina at that time it is learned ■
that he was reputed to have killed twenty- j
ii men in his career of outlawry. They
say that the man's thirst for blood was so
great that even Yasqut-z loathed him.
The murder for whicn Molina is now on
trial was committed in September, 1892,
He eluded the officers until about two
montns ago, when he was captured in
San Luis Obispo County. Tbe mur
derer's victim was a young man about 24
yeais of age. The killing was the result
of a drunken row, and Molina claims
that he shot Tarra in self-defense. Ac
cording to the testimony of the prosecu
tion to-day the murderer shot bis victim i
because the latter had bested him in a j
wrestling match.
Molina was on the stand in his own be
half and testified that Parra was trying to
stab him when he shot him. The de
fendant exhibited knife-scars on his
wrists and hands, where, he said, his ad
versary bad cut him.
After the murder Molina conveyed the
body to a creek near by and buried it in
the sand. It was rooted up by hogs and
found by neighbors a few days later.
SEVEN BUILDINGS DESTROYED.
The Loss Caused by the Big Fire in
Pittsburg W II Foot Up Over
$2,500,000.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. May 3.— The loss by
the big fire early this morning will aggre-
The Big Grocery House of Thomas C Jenkins, Destroyed by the
Fire at Pittsburg* on Sunday*.
gate more than $2,500,000. George Ache
son, a fireman, lost bis life.
BIG HOUSES BURNED.
San Francisco Business Man Tells
. About T. C. Jenkins and Joseph
Home & Co.
E. C. Godfrey of this City is an intimate
acquaintance of T. C. Jenkins, whose big
grocery bouse, said to be the largest con
cern of the line in the world, was totally
destroyed in the fire at Pittsburg, Sunday.
Mr. Godfrey speaks in the highest terms
of Mr. Jenkins and declares that in the
loss of the two concerns, those of Jenk
ins and Joseph Home & Co., Pittsburg
has suffered a severe blow commercially.
"T. C. Jenkins," said Mr. Godfrey yes
terday, "started life in this City. He
came in the early fifties and no doubt
some of the old residents who were in
business at that time will remember him.
He came to know many men who have
since gained wealth and distinction,
among them Senator Fair. Flood and oth
ers. He returned East, went to Pittsburg
and in 1865 or thereabout established
with his brother a wholesale house, hand
ling principally flour. He afterward with
drew from the firm and founded the house
which has developed into one of the great
commercial houses of the world, especially
. great among tbe list of those conducted
.py single individuals. He bought the
property upon which the house stands in
.1885, at a cost of $300,000.
"I remember his telling me of bow he
had piled up money in a bank previous to
that time, with the purpose of putting up
a big building, and that just when be was
about ready to go ahead, the bane broke,
and, as he said, he 'had to begin all over
again.' He did begin over again, and suc
ceeded in bis design of building what he
always claimed to be. and no doubt was,
'the largest flour and grocery-house in the
world.' The view of that bouse which I
have here, shows the Liberty-avenue front.
It extended through to Pennsylvania ave
nue, and there the frontage was over one
third greater. A train of eight cars could j
be run into the establishment from Lb- I
erty avenue, the tracks of tho Pennsyl
vania Railroad Company.
"Mr. Jenkins is about 65 years of age
and, shrewd, conservative and withal enter
prising business man that he is, he is dis
tinguished by' his mild, gentle manner
and kindness of heart. Without ostenta
tion, he has always been a most liberal
giver, and the list of those whom be has
assisted without the knowledge of the
world would be a long one. At the time
of the great yellow fever scourge at New
Orleans and after the Johnstown flood Ue
gave large sums*.
•'His loss from the fire will probably
amount to three-quarters of a million,
which I have no doubt is neariy if not
altogether covered by insurance. How
ever the interruption to his business is a
loss that cannot be met in this way. It
was his ambition to leave his big business
establishment to his sons and I am afraid
the defeat of this plan, for at bis time of
life it may probably be reckoned as de
feated, will be a severe blow to him.
"The bouse of Joseph Home & Co. was
to the dry-goods work' what that of T. C.
Jenkins was to the flour and grocery
trade, not only one of the largest but the
most widely and favorably known in the
whole country. In the obstruction of
these two Pittsburg has suffered a great
loss. "
CORWINE PLEADS GUILTY.
The Natal Paymaster Giree No Chance
for .*■■ rg nt.
NEWPORT, R. 1., May 3.— The court
martial of Paymaster John E. Corwine,
U. S. N., was continued at the naval sta
tion this morning, the accused pleading
guilty on every charge. This was a sur
prise, though his friends are pleased that
he decided upon this course, believing
that it will aid him in a plea for clem
ency.
Judge Advocate Locheirnor read the
specifications, which set forth that Cor
wine, some time between November 26,
1896, and February 1, 1897, embezzled
$10,000 of the Government's money, con
verting it to his own use; also, that on
March 1, 1897, he drew by checks $5000 of
the Government's money; also that he
made false reports in his accounts of
March 1, by representing to Pay Director
Schenck that there was a balance to his
credit in the sub-treasury at Boston of
$21,510 72, when there was only $11,510 72;
also that he absconded, and was therefore
guilty of conduct unbecoming an officer,
and also that he deserted from the naval
station on March 1.
After hearing Corwine's plea on each
count the court adjourned; as the judge
advocate, in view of the plea, would offer
no testimony. To-morrow Corwine will
be allowed to make a statement, in which
it is expected he will state that he is
really the victim of another's stealing,
and while his deficit once amounted to
$25,000 be had reduced it to $10,000 and
expected to pay the balance.
THE OUTFLOW OP .GOLD.
Steamer Lahn Takes $1,500,000 in Coin
for Paris.
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 3.— Gold coin
amounting to $1,500,000 is aboard the
steamship Lahn, which sails for Bremen
to-day. It was withdrawn yesterday from
the United States sub-treasury, $1,000,000
being taken by Baring, Magoun & Co.,
representing the firm of Kidder, Peabody
& Co., Boston, and $500,000 by Heidelbach,
Icklebeimer & Co.
The destination of the gold is under-
I stood to be Paris, which has been the des
i tination of the bulk of the gold recently
i exported. Paris sterling is very weak,
1 and this shows that a large French credit
j balance has been created as a result of
j heavy sales of securities in the London
j market, chiefly mining shares. Gold is
being shipped to Paris practically for ,
London account, and this country at pres-
ent is the cheapest market where geld is
obtainable.
The gold withdrawn to-day makes a
total export since the present movement
began of $7,977,000. As a result the sold
balance of the treasury is below $150,000,-
THAT DISPENSARY LAW.
Seizure of Vandercook's Carload of Wine
May Cause the Collapse of the ' *i
System. ■
CHARLESTON 8. CL, May a — The
State dispensary law is about to lose its
main prop. In the United States Court to
day a bill was filed by Vandercook & Co. of
Calilornia, frbm whom last week a carload
of wine was seized, praying for $5000
damages for the recovery of the car. A
plea was submitted asking that a per
petual injunction be granted against
every State oflicer working under the dis
pensary law from hereafter interfering
with the company and business with its
patrons. The bill states that the company
will hereafter import liquors to the value
of $10,000. and will store and sell it to indi
viduals. The company claims rights under
the constitution and the original-package
law. The court fixed May 17 for the hear
ing.
Lawyers believe the company will se
cure an injunction, in which case liquors
can be brought in and sold just as saloons
are licensed. The State will make a big
legal fight, realizing the dispensary sys
tem is doomed if officers cannot seize im
ported liquors. Vandercook's seized car
contained goods valued at $1200. Gover
nor Ellerbe has refused to release it. It
was taken while in transit The Federal
courts have pushed the dispensary to the
wall, and the suit instituted to-day is but
the beginning of its downfall. The State
has reached an end in trying to cope with
the Federal Government in controlling
the liquor traffic.
Patal Pight Over an Orange.
GADSDEN, Ala., May 3.— Two boys
quarreled yesterday at a picnic near Sul
phur Springs over an orange. James
Stewart interfered, whereupon. Thomas
McKinley, a young merchant, attacked
Stewart with a knife, cutting his throat.
Stewart drew - a ' pistol and snot twice be
fore expiring, killing McKinley.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1897.
RECOVERS A CHILD
STOLEN YEARS AGO
John Patterson of Los
Angeles Given Cause
to Rejoice.
The Little Son Kidnaped at His
Wife's Grave Returned
to Him.
Sent by an Unknown Person Across
the Mountains From a Town
In Tennessee.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 3.— A strange
and happy sequel to. a deplorably sad
event was witnessed here to-day, when
John Patterson's six-year-old son he bad
not seen for three years was returned to
him. The father, who had considered his
only child lost to him for all time, wept
tears of joy.
Three years ago Patterson resided with
his wife and child in Cincinnati. Ihey
had a comfortable home and Patterson
was earning $3 a day as the proprietor of
a milk route. In the early part of May,
1894, Patterson's wife was taken ill and on
the 12th she was buried. There was a
large attendance at the funeral and some
200 people bad assembled about the grave
while the burial services were in progress.
In some way Patterson's child became
separated irom the relatives of the family
and could not be found. Search was made
that day, the day following and for weeks
thereafter, but no trace of the missing
child could be found. It was evident that
it had been kidnaped. Patterson was
nearly distracted by reason of his misfor
tunes and concluded to come to California
for a change of scene.
On the 20th of April Patterson received
a letter postmarked Tennessee, the exact
place not being plain enough to be de
ciphered. The letter said:
John Patterson: The child lost at your wife's
grave is in '.his place. I know the circum
stances of his being carried away, but cannot
divulge them or disclose my identity.
To prove that your child is within my reach
I will describe him.
Then follows a description of the child,
and reference was made to certain marks
of identification. The letter continued:
If you telegraph me that you want the child
and will give your address I will place him in
charge of a passenger going to California.
Answer to-day and address J. J. Joyce, Nash
ville. The telegram will be forwarded.
Patterson telegraphed his instructions.
The child readied here to-day in charge
of a woman who is traveling for her
health. She says she did not know the
particulars of the boy having been kid
naped, and did not know the woman who
placed it in her charge. All. she was told
was that the father bad sent for his child.
She was informed by the person who
placed the little one in her care that it
had been kindly treated.
These are all the particulars that Pat
terson can give, and he is as much in the
dark as to the child's captors as ever.
Charlie is a bright little boy and says he
"has been with mamma, away off." This
is all he is able to say about bis experi
ence of the past three years and now he
"wants to go home."
THE TRAGEDY AT SATICOY.
Cause ot the Suicide of Wealthy
Rancher Harrald Is Veiled in
Mr stery.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May The
suicide of William B. Herrald at his
home near Saticoy, Ventura County,
seems to have been the sequel to an un
pleasantness of a sensational nature. The
deceased owned one of the finest ranches
in Southern California, its estimated value
being $50,000. He came of good parentage
and had a brother at Abilene, Texas, who
is said to be possessed of great wealth and
to stand high in political and Masonic cir
cles. Tbis brother is now hastening from
bis home to take charge of the family and
splendid estate of tbe deceased.
It is evident that some serious affair
not apparent to the suicide's neighbors or
acquaintances must have induced his act.
He was living in comparative ease and
comfort, with all the external appearances
of perfect happiness. A knowledge of
tbese things is what astounded the en tiro
community when it was learned some
time ago that he had attempted to end
his life, for it is now asserted that Herrald
made two former attempts.
Last Saturday nigbt Herrald slipped a
shotgun out of his residence and took it
to the barn, where be discharged the con
tents of both barrels into his abdomen,
dying instantly.
-
CLAIMS THE BAILEY ESTATE:
Putative Son of the Late Santa Rarbara
Rancher Appears.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 3.— ln the
summer of 1873 Alexander Bailey died
near Santa Barbara, leaving ranch
property in that vicinity worth $15,000
and an estate in San Mateo County valued
at $50,000. His wife, Margaret Bailey,
was appointed executrix of the estate,
and, no other heir putting in a claim, she
took possession of all the property. In
1877 Mrs. Bailey died and her estate was
divided between a number of her rela
tives. One of these was John W. Shoulto,
a resident of Los Angeles Connty.
Now comes a young man from Arkansas
and claims to be a son of the late Alex
ander Bailey. He declares that his father
was married in Arkansas, and at the
death of vis wife moved to California,
leaving his son with an uncle. For a time
Alexander wrote from California, but
after awhile correspondence ceased. A
few mouths ago young Bailey made In
quiry of various County Clerks of this
State concerning Alexander Bailey, and
learned of his death. He will claim the
! estate. " sjjrr
SUPREME COURT DECISIONS.
Appealed Cases Lost by Iran Lui* Obi.po
and "Lucky" Haldwin.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May The fol
lowing decisions were received from the
Supreme Court this morning:
People vs. the City of San Luis Obispo—
This action was commenced by the people
on the relation of Joseph Lind to abate an
illegal nuisance caused by the discharge
of sewage of the city into San Luis Obispo
Cr-sek. The lower court found for the
people. On appeal,- the. point was pre
sented that the decision prevented tbe de
positing of sewage not only at the point
complained of, but at any place on the ten
mile course of tbe creek to the ocean. The
judgment of the lower court was affirmed.
E. J. Baldwin lacked his usual luck in
the suit he and R. Garvev brought against
James Durfee to recover possession of two
small but valuable tracts of land. , The
defendant' pleaded the statute of limita
tion. The 'Santa Anita millionaire lost
the case and was refused a new trial in the
lower court, and suffered the same result
in the. Supreme Court.
Oil -net l* in II hit tier.
LOS ANGELES. Cal.; May The oil
region about Whittier is attracting great
attention at present. Five or six com
nies are operating there now with success.
The Central Company has live wells, one
of which is yielding 100 barrels a day ard
another seventy. The Whittier Comnany
was the first to strike oil, which it did at
the depth of 300 feet. There are also the
Rex and the Mutual companies, and the
Southern California Company, which has
thirty-six acres of land and is about to
organize, and expects to * have borers *at
work in a few days.
ASHORE NEAR HARDY CREEK.
Schooner Nettie Sundborg Breaks From
Her Moorings and Is Driven Upon
the Beach.
CAHTO, Cal., May The schooner
Nettie Sundborg, Captain 0. Johnson
and a crew of ten men, from San Fran
cisco on May 1, is ashore at a point near
Hardy Creek. Tho captain and crew are
safe after having experienced a rather
perilous adventure for a time.
The schooner was moored at the Hardy
Creek Lumber Company's dock last night
preparatory to loading to-day. The
weather indications and the sea were un
favorable and Captain Johnson had taken
measures to assure that the vessel would
not break from her moorings during the
night by running two extra lines to the
bow and stern moorings. The schooner
lay at ease until low tide this morning,
when a succession of heavy swells swept j
over her, took away everything movable!
from the deck and severed the bowlines.
This permitted the vessel to swing toward
a rocky part of the beach. The sea at this
hour (5 o'clock) was running high.' "-
When the vessel broke her moorings
and it became apparent to Captain John
son that be and the crew could not handle
her, all escaped. to the rigging for safety.
The schooner was still held by her stern
lines, and it was feared that she would go
to pieces on the rocks if the lines were not
cut. Tbe captain and sailors were cling
ing to the rigging, while the heavy sea
was beating over the vessel and all at
tempts to render assistance from the shore
were of no avail. ■ ■
The captain finally came down from the
rigging with lines entwined about , bis
body, made bis way to the stern and cut
the lines, permitting the vessel to drift
ashore. She lauded on the beach, where
she now lies.
Tbe extent of the damage is difficult to
determine. The schooner now shows lit
tle apparent damage, but the continued
rough sea and tbe high tide to-night wiil
push her higher upon the beach. Captain
Johnson believes the vessel can be
launched quieklv if weather conditions
are favorable. Hayman & Meyer of San
Francisco are the representative agents.
CAUGHT A DRUMMER NAPPING.
Confidence Men Steal the Jewelry From
a Chicago Man's Sample
Case.
PORTLAND, Or.. May 3. — Herman
Willinbauer, a drummer for a Chicago
jewelry house, who has been on the road
for sixteen years, was caught napping for
once while coming to Portland from San
Francisco. He arrived yesterday morn
ing, and upon opening bis sample-box
found that be had been robbed.
On the train, when leaving Sacramento,
be met two other commercial travelers,
strangers to him, who made themselves
quite agreeable. At Redding one of the
two suggested that they take a drink, and
Willenbauer accepted, but tbe third man
remained in the car. At the next station
the strangers bade the drummer adieu ,
expressing a desire to meet htm in this
city in a few days.
Willenbauer does not expect to meet his
fellow-travelers face to face again until
they are in the custody of an officer. He
carried with him a trunk full of valuable
samples and also a small box containing
between $600 and $700 worth of goods.
Tbe small box, when he opened it at his
hotel yesterday, was empty, or, rather, it
was filled with small' bags of sand in lieu
of the jewelry fctolen out of it. ; " - J ; •'-••
The victim has no doubt that the self
styled drummers were expert Eastern
confidence operators and that the invita
tion to drink was extended to get him out
of tbe car to enable tbe other thief to go
through his sample box. The latter must
have been provided with peculiar keys, as
the box had a tumbler lock which worked
as if it had not been tampered with when
Willenbauer opened it here.
UKIAH J UNCTION SUIT.
Rival Electric Companies Fighting for a
Franchise.
UKIAH, Cal., May 3.— Application was
to-day made to Superior Judge J. H. Man
non of this county for a perpetual injunc
tion restraining Mayor T. L. Carothers
and Trustees J. R. Moore, W. D. White, R.
L. Crane and J. H. Smith of Ukiah' from
granting to the Mendocino County Elec
tric Company a franchise for erecting
poles and stretcbinc wires withiu the
limits of Ukiah City to conduct an elec
tric current for lighting or other purooses.
A temporary injunction had been granted
by Judge Mann on on the application of C.
B. Johnson, president of the Ukiab Elec
tric Company, which has been doing busi
ness at this place for some rive or six
years. The ground alleged is that the
ordinance to- grant the franchise to the
new company was not published in ac
cordance with the provisions of the law.
Sudden Death at Santa Yne*.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 3.—
win St. John, Supervisor of the Third
District of this county, died suddenly
at Santa Ynez this morning, after an ill
ness of four days with pneumonia. St.
John was elected last fall after a bitter
political contest to succeed Ed de La
Cuesta. Before comine to this county he
lived in Fresno and Monterey counties,
serving two terms as Supervisor in the
latter county. His body will be taken to
morrow to Salinas for interment
<"•© More Road Tolls in Placer.
AUBURN, Cal., May Judge Prewett
to-day decided & case of much interest to
riacer County, holding that the right to
collect toll on the Auburn and Forest Hill
road lapsed years ago.
hew to-dat:
Jropfii/
means victory
over adulterated
baking powder-
just as
means defeat of
impure spices and
flavoring extracts
124 Tillnuan & Bendel, Mfri.
NEW TO-DAT— CLOTHING.' -.-_-_'-_^p
j99m kßi - Em. Ift 1 _. m ___■ ■_14 ■■ 1 IBR 7.1 J __W\ I fjE^ffi
_H_rl wlsm. _ 1 a 1 M _m ■ I W — ■ _\ m m M IWff^ 1 ■ 1 1 Bl ■ \*__m -m_A
fMr <^a*^^^^^^jaffli^^py JT • y*^ Aj\
nfifli^-r /_m^Jb H____s_i EBHH __B__-\
hi' ~t t Mmmm - fefeil » fr^t
Ws^W^Kl!!^s'. ' 111
ALL FRISCO IS
AT OUR DOORS.
• It seems as if there is no end to the steady stream of buyers which
is daily surging into this immense establishment.
And why not? Remember, we are not simply exclusive Retailers.
We are manufacturers and wholesalers as ■ well, and during this phenom-
enal sale both maker's and wholesaler's profits have been cut off. The
result is your choice of an immense wholesale stock at exactly half reg-
ular selling price.
To protect ourselves from the increase of tariff on wool, we obli- 0
gated ourselves at the banks for heavy accommodations, and stocked
our warehouses to overflowing with cloth sold at former tariff rates.
The Government anticipates an increase on wool alone of '$2 5,000,-
-000, and we did not want to run any chances.
/ ) if \ lt///(\ _*_f 1
<*0 f / I [ 5^ 7 uj7 \ \ MB
£/i% uj MB) H9
IHL J^rl/
\ 2
Here are a few of the prices. Some of these lots are running very low. ■_■ The
$4.85 Suits, for instance, are going fast. The $8.50 Suits are nearly gone. And only
a few hundeed of the $3.75 Overcoats remain.
•d» 'O __ Single and Double . (__*__. _£__. Sack Suits, single _-H_ri' tr*,,*-,*,-,,- ,*•_■'-'
%A X 5 Breasted Sack %_Z _f) -5_ and double breasted (RQ PAS n and Sack
•X-4 ,0 3 Suits, latest shades mVM D -in shades of vO«s^Siss, ' n ser .
new fabrics; guaranteed pure wool. brown, Havana, slate and over- ■ d worst ~j FormTr ' a ss meres
Regular price $9. ■„ ". plaids. Regular price $10. Guaran- GuaSnteS Dure woof *" *"«*-
-, Only a few of these left-odd sizes. teed pure wool. . *>■ ouaranteea pure wool.
' *
__*"__' •__ Single and Double &_____. _____ _-_ Exceptional values d* __ _-_--_ Cutaway and
-hO.OO Breasted Suits, in j)7. SO in Single and Dou- j)IO_00 Sack Suits, in
«|7VS* V* vr cassimereS) chev *X / *%7 V ble Breasted Sacks, .. ■ **X *vr • \J\J ffeya _ cy Scotch ' che .
iots, tweeds and worsteds. $12 is comprising all the latest colorings in viots, in the new brown, gray and
the regular price. Guaranteed pure exclusive designs. Regular price $15. olive shades. Very dressy. Regular
wool. •''*-".-. Guaranteed pure wool. .; '• $20 value. Guaranteed pure wool.
■ . ' $3-75 Spring Overcoats, $L7 S^KtdSs: \
JH^.7C in very desirable $ T -. A -wool Trousers .
*P%J */ %J shades and fabrics. J> I.V .5 Wl " COSt douDle i n e
Worth every cent of $10. Guaran- # **** m <>ney f n V other
teed pure wool. place in town. j
All garments. kept in repair one year free of charge. A better guarantee you have
yet to find. . fc
S.M. WOODa C?
Willi II w wMW %#T
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS),
©4 1 MARKET? STREET
DIRECTLY OPPOSITE SANSOME. MAIL ORDERS FILLED DURING THIS SALE.
By Special Request We Will Keep Open Every Evening Until 8 •'clock During This Sale; Saturdays Until 10 P. M.
34
CARSON WITNESSES
UNDER SUSPICION
Evidence of Perjury in
the Heney Mortgage
Litigation.
Judge Hawley Declares That
He Will Make a Full
Investigation.
Conflicting Stories Told by Bullion-
Thief Heney and His Former
Counsel.
CARSON, Nev., May 3.— The suit
brought by the Government to invalidate
the transfer of mortgages given by James
Heney, the convicted bullion-thief, to
Woodburn and Coffin, the attorneys who
represented him when he was on trial for
robbing the Carson mint while there em
ployed, is developing new sensations
daily. The Dnited States counsel con
tends that the mortgages were trans
ferred by Heney alter he was convicted,
his intention being to place his property
out of reach of the Government. Heney
himself declares that he entered into this
fraudulent deal with the attorneys, but
they deny the allegation, insisting that
the only mortgages they received were
tendered in payment for their services.
In court to-day Heney said he was ready
and willing to pay the $5000 fine against
him provided he could recover the mort
gages and realize upon them.
The testimony in the trial is so conflict
ing that it can De accounted for only on
the ground that, perjury is being com
mitted by some one. Judge Hawley to
day commented on this from the bench,
and alter an attorney had made a state
ment from his seat he was at once ques
tioned by the court under oath, and then
his Honor remarked that the evidence on
some points was most unsatisfactory and
that hi would make further investigations
on his own account.
Hon. William Woodburn on the stand
testified that Mrs. Heney had retained
him for the case and he acreed with
Heney that he was to be paid $-000. When
he was discharged they had a stormy in
terview, and finally he agreed to "take
$1000 for his services up to the time of
his discharge and turn over the papers to
Trenmor Coffin. He told Heney lie was
glad to get out of tne case. The next day
Heney came to him and apologized, say
ing he had done wrong, and re-employed
him. Afterward Mrs. Heney sent for him
and asked to have some of the proceeds of
the mortgages given to her. He refused,
and when offered so much cash for an as
signment of the mortgages again refused.
Hearing that United States Attorney
Jones had said that Heney would testify
that the mortgages were fraudulent,
Wood burn had called on Heney at the
prison. Heney stated that if Jones had
ever said so he told an untruth. After
the conviction of Heney Woodburn was
giveti a mortgage for $(',*.'*<» as his fee. He
did not know that Coffin was employed
as one of Heney's counsel until two days
before the trial. After.he war engaged he
was the principal attorney, and Coffin
assisted him. He did not know what
Coffin's fee was. His own fee had been
fixed by himself at $3500.
"Coffin has testified that one of the
mortgages was sold in California and bid
in for him for $1750. That money ought
to be here now," said Attorney-General
Clarke.
The court asked Coffin about it. Coffin
said that J. W. Dorsey ha attended to
the business, but Coffin did not know
what was done with the proceeds of the
sale. The Judge stated that he had talked
with Dorsey personally and suggested to
him to send the money to the cierk of the
court. It had not yet been sent.
Sheriff Kinney testified that Heney had
told him that he had agreed to pay
Woodburn $2000 out of the mortgages
and his wife was to get the balance. This
was after tte assignment had been made
and the lawyers had retired. He also said
that he bad agreed to piy Coffin $600.
Convict Heney was recalled in rebuttal.
He said he had Had but one talk with
Coffin about hiring him in the case, and
tnat was on the Saturday night before the
trial. Coffin agreed to lake" the case for
$500, or $600 if Heney was acquitted,
whether he was tried once or a dozen
times. He told Heney that he could sell
the $1600 mortgage to a man named Cook,
and they could divide the money, he to
get a little more than his fee for his trou
ble and Heney the balance. Continuing,
the witness said that if Woodburn would
accept $450 due him and Coffin $100 he
would take the mortgages, and wiihin
ninety days dispose of them and deposit
his $5.00 line with the cierk of the court.
He wanted the court to understand that
he made this promise in good faith.
The court here reratu-ked : "To say that
there is a great conflict of testimony here
would be putting it very mildly. The ob
ject of this inquiry is to reach the truth.
The court has the power to get additional
evidence, if possible, and so far the evi
dence is very unsatisfactory in regard to
the value of the mortgages. I desire to
cast no reflections on any witness, but I
believe the facts can be arrived at. If any
agreement is made by counsel, I want it
qualified in such a way that the court will
i. aye the power to refer the case for future
evidence, if necessary, and the court
would make some personal investigations
regarding some matters'which need more
light than the court has yet received."
Some testimony of minor importance
was introduced, and the case was closed.
It will be argued next Saturday.
I
M ORG AX I.V MARriX'EZ.
Jhe Missing Attorney Traced Iron* His
UKIAH, Cal., May 3.— The officers of
this county have not yet given up the
pursuit of E. M. Morgan, the San Fran
ci«co lawyer, charged with levying black
mail on Capitalist Alsip, and who has been
in hiding near Orrs Hot Springs for two or
three weeks. Yesterday Deputy Sheriff
Johnson left for the cabin where Morgan
is supposed to have been living for some
time, and there learned that Morgan had
left for Lake County on Saturday, going
south through Lake County to Caiisioga
and thence to fcan Francisco. He stayed
in San Francisco but a short time, soon
leaving for Martinez, where he is now
said to be.
His baggage was delivered at the ex
press office at this place this morning
early and left on the 5:20 train. It was
addressed to A. Daitram, Martinez. It
consisted of two large leather valises, one
of which was wrapped in a grain sack.
Sheriff Johnson has notified the Martinez
authorities to be on the lookout for their
owner, and if be calls for his baggage he
will be apprehended.
San Diego's Xetr Officials.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., May S. — The new
Council organized to-day by electing Simon
Levi president of the Board of Aldermen
and Addison Morgan president of trie
Board of Delegates. George D. Goldman
and H. E. Doolittle were re-elected City
Clerk and City Attorney respectively for
the term of two years. Both confirmed
Mayor Reed's appointment of Nat R.
Titus, the incumbent, as City Auditor, A.
H. Julian as a member of the Board of
Public Works, A. S. Deevendorff as Fire
Commissioner and D. Gochenaaer as the
Police Commissioner. This means the
re-election of Edwin M. Capps as City
Engineer and A. B. Cairns as Chief of the
Fire Depanment. James Russell will
probably be elected Chief of Police to suc
ceed .1. W. Brennin.
Bogus Drafts Cashed in Many Towns
by a Man Claiming to Be
a Drummer.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 3.— The police
of this and other Northwestern cities have
been warned to be on the lookout for a
shrewd swindler who is alleged to have
obtained large sums on bogus drafts in
Anaconda, Butte, Spokane, Salt Lake ana
Denver. He is believed to be coming this
way. At Anaconda, where he gave the
name of A. E. Barmore, he sold a con
signment of starch and . then eot G. C.
McKinnon to cash a draft on New York
for $100. This was two weeks ago. Last
week the draft was returned unpaid and
the case was given to the police. • >- .'
In several cities the swindler has pre
tended to represent an Oswego, (N. V.)
Starch Company. He possesses a drum
mer outfit and letters which purport to
s-ive him authority to draw on the New
York office. Hi 9 plan is usually to get
drafts cached just previous to the de
parture of his train. He diesses neatly,
and is a suave talker.
The description from Anaconda places
his age at 35 years, weight 130 pounds.
He is slim and has blue eyes, sandy hair
and mustache. J-",J
Christopher Strothman, a Rich Rancher ,
Hantjs Himself.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. May 3.— At an
early hour tbis morning the body of
Christopher Strothman, a wealthy ranch
owner of Sacramento Connty, was iound
hanging by tbe neck from a rafter in his
woodshed. It is believed he was tempo
rarily insane when he committed suicide.
FRESNO, Cal., May 3.— At a meeting
of the City Trustees to-night Marshal Woy
was given instructions to take steps to
close the Chinese lotteries which have
been running in this city for several years
past. In conversation with The Call cor
respondent after the meeting Mr. Woy
stated that he would made a determined
effort to stop the unlawful games. Now
that he has the support ol tbe city gov
ernment he thinks he will be successful.
He announces that even if the Chinese
make a fight in tne courts, or if juries of
citizens refuse to convict the offenders, as
they have done heretofore, he will con
tinue making arrests every time he finds
a .Chinaman breaking the law. He will
make a tour of Chinatown to-morrow and
notify all lotteries to close.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., May Fire
broke out at 3 o'clock this morning in the
livery stable owned by E. H. Crawford,
and the building was totally destroyed.
There was a cabinet-maker's shop and a
saloon in the block, and these also were
destroyed. The owner of the bars was
awakened just in time to leap from a
window in the second story, and one of
the stable employes was overcome by the
smoke and was dragged out by the fire
men. The loss amounts to $10,000, with
$7000 insurance.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May The
employes of I. G. Waterman, a capitalist
of Moniecito, celebrated this evening his
twenty-fifth birthday. Mr. Waterman's
magnificent residence and grounds were
ablaze with Japanese lanterns and fire
works, and music from many instruments
added to the evening's pleasure. The em
ployes and their friends formed in pro
cession and marched around the avenues
on the ranch. One of the unique features
of the procession was a gayly decorated
float, on which was seated a young lady
as queen, attended by sixteen young
ladies attired in white and followed by
eighty mounted courtiers. After the pa
rade there was dancing and feasting.
FKESNO.CaI , May 3.— The southbound
overland on the Southern Pacific bad a
narrow escape from a serious accident last
Saturday night ati o'clock at a point a
mile north of Kingsburg, in this county.
The stream of a neighboring canal had
burst through the levee and washed
out tho track for about fifteen feet. A man
happened to pass by and saw the danger
ous break. He notified the operator in
Selma in time to have him hold the train
at that place until the break was. repaired.
Pathetic Speech of the Aged Warrior in
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 3.— The fa
mous Sioux war chief, Red Cloud, made a
pathetic appeal before the Senate Indian
Committee Sunday on behalf of his
tribe. When he concluded Chairman Pet
tigrew shook his hand, promising to see
justice done. In his speech Red Cloud
said:
"I am now SO years old. and am almost
blind. lam here simply to plead for jus
tice for my people. There is nothing left
on earth for me. I want to ask the white
rulers to let my people live in peace. You
have air the lands on. this great earth.
You took it by force. " I do not love your
race. You have murdered and ruined
my people. Now 1 want a bit of fair deal
ing.
"You must not divide the great Sioux
reservation into eighty-acre lots, because
the lands are not tillable. The hot winds
of August blast every ' crop. The lands
could not be cultivated by the best wbite
farmers. The Indians never will be
farmer, even on. cood ground. You ought
to have intelligence enough to know that
Indians are differently constituted from
yourselves. If my race had such intelli
gence it would never have let you get this
continent. The lands of our reservation
are good for grazing.
"Let my people have them. We can
raise horses ami cattle, but cannot raise
crops. I came bere when a great soldier-
Grant— was President and he assured me
the white people would be honest. As
long as he was alive he always stood by
me. I respected that soldier. He knew
how to appreciate brave men. I hope the
white men's council will deal justly by my
people." ;; _ ":j-^:'JJ-;r
Mendocino Cabin.
NORTHERN MERCHANTS SWINDLED
tragedy: mm am FREEPORT.
Strothman lived on the Sacramento side
of the river, opposite Clarksburg and a
few miles south of Ereeport. He owned
175 acres of the richest fruit land in the
county and his possessions bordered the
river for a distance of a half mile. His
wealth is estimated at ?100,000. He came
into considerable notoriety at one time,
as he was one of those selected by Troy
Dye and Edward Anderson to be mur
dered lor the benefit of the then Public
Administrator, Troy Dye. in the manner
in whicq old man Tullis of Grand Island,
not far from Strothman'a place, was
killed.
DOOM OP THi LOTTERIES.
Fresno's Marshal Instructed to Close
the Chinese Games.
San Luis Obispo Blase.
Gay on <« Montecito Ranch.
J.'ail.eay Disaster Barely Averted.
RED CLOU It. APPEAL.
J'leadintt for His People,
Mexicans Eligible to Citizenship.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, May 3.-In a
test suit to determine the eligibility of a
Mexican to become a naturalized citizen
Judge Mazey to-day overruled the conten
tion that the applicant. Ric-iiJo Rodri
guez, should be barred because he is
neither white nor negro, ana granted his
application. , : *V> *~ /■", s* ;
♦
Ex-Senator Coke Seriously 111.
WACO, Texas. May 3.— Richard Coke,
ex-United' Slates Senator, is seriously ill
with general prostration. He has never
been well since hi*-, return from Washing
ton after he resigned from the United
States Senate, in which he served eighteen
years..;- " -^
THE SAN FRANCISCO - CALL, / TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1 897.
DRYING POTATOES
FOR THE MARKET
New Industry Opened
to the Owners of
Canneries.
Great Demand for the Product
of a San Jose Packing-
House.
Bleached Tubers Find a Ready Sale,
and Orders Are Coming
In Fast.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 3.— The Penni
man Fruit Company has instituted a new
industry at its drier in the Willows— that
of drying potatoes. This .promises to
prove profitable for Santa Clara County,
and as soon as the run on potatoes is over
carrots and turnips will be dried. A
force of twenty persons is engaged, and it
is believed the run on potatoes will last
another month.
The work of preparation is very simple.
Apple-parers are used in peeling the pota
toes, and slicing is next in order. The
potatoes are tben pressed, and about 10
per cent of the water is removed in tbis
way. As tbe starch is extracted from this
water there is no waste. Evaporating
and bleaching is done in practically the
same manner as in the drying of fruits.
After leaving the press the potatoes are
subjected to a temperature of 100 to 120
degrees in the evaporator. It has been
found that a temperature in excess of 120
degrees discolors them, but at that beat
they retain their color, and when taken
out have the appearance of the green
product.
The dried potatoes can be eitber boiled
or fried and will be sure to please all
classes of people except those who insist
on having their potatoes served with
"jackets on." One great advantage of the
dried product is that it can be kept on
shipboard for an indefinite period.
The potatoes are being shipped to a San
Francisco commission house. It is ex
pected that the output will reach 30,000
pounds by May 20. In all about 80,000
pounds of potatoes will be dried, which in
the green state would be 400,000 pounds,
as the drying procsss takes away four
fifths of the weight. This leaves all the
nutritiousness of the potato in a compact
form. The originators of the process be
lieve that there will soon be a great de
mand for dried potatoes and that in a short
time dried vegetables of numerous kinds
will be found in every market.
FOUND DEAD _-> HIS ROOM.
John Gamble of San Francisco Fanes
Ateay at Los Gatos.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 3— John Gamble,
a wealthy mining man of San Francisco,
was found dead in his room at the Los
Gatos Hotel in Los Gatos yesterday morn
ing. He had been staying at the place
several days for the benefit of his health.
His home was at 517 Bush street, San
Francisco, where his family resided.
Gamble was a native of Belfast, Ireland,
and 80 years of age. Death resulted from
old ate and natural causes. On his person
were found $51 in cash and $17,000 in
notes. His body was taken to San Fran
cisco for interment.
Sentenced for Petti/ Larceny.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 3.— Harry Ever
ett, a morphine "fiend," who has just
finished a petty larceny sentence in the
County Jail, was to-day taken before
Justice Dwyer on a charge of burglary.
The felony charge, on motion of the Dis
trict Attorney, was reduced to petty lar
ceny and Everett pleaded guilty. He was
sentenced to 100 days in the County Jail.
Everett robbed the barn of J. D. Roberts
or a valuable saddle, which he sold in
Gilroy. ;'\K
Slept Too Xear a Campflre.
SAN JOSE. Cal., May 3.— John Con
nelly, who has been tramping about the
country in search of work, was severely
burned while sleeping near a c*m*fire
about five miles south of here early this
morning. Connelly's companions tore his
clothes off as quickly as possible, but his
bacK and one of his hands were badly
burned. The man had rolled too near to
the fire, which communicated to his cloth
ing. Connelly was formerly a truckman
in San Francisco. -"-"**.'
Barn and Hay Burned.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May a— A large barn
belonging to F. D. McCormack on the
Phelan tract, just south of town, was
destroyed by fire at an early hour this
morning. One hundred tons of hay were
destroyed. The loss will reach $1200. The
fire is supposed to have been of incendiary
origin.
Shipments to the tint.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 3.— The Eastern
overland shipments last week footed up
1.140,930 pounds, of which 406,540 pounds
were dried prunes. Otber shipments
were: Canned goods. 173.190 pounds;
wine, 435,340; beans, 72,650; dried fiuit,
19,830.
SOMOMA CUTJIXG AFFRAY.
Rancher Sifter Gashes a Laborer With
a Razor.
SONOMA, Cal.. May 3.— ln a cutting
scrape here at noon Louis Fonts, a laborer,
was badly gashed about the face by Wil
liam Bikes, a rancher, residing in the
mountains, three miles north of town.
Sikes was in front of S. Schocken „ store
talking to a coupie of friend**. Fouls was
coming from work, and approaching Sikes
told him that he heard that he (dike?)
"had a bone to pick with him." Without
warning Sikes drew a razor and exclaim
ing, 'You had no business treating me
like a dog as you did yesterday," cut a
deep gash about three inches -long in
Fouts' right cheek. Immediateiy- after
the affray Sikes made for the mountains
and has not been captured. Fonts was
taken to the County Hospital.
Mendocino's Medical Examiners.
UKIAH, Cal., May 3.— Judge Mannon
of the Superior Court of this county to
day, made an order appointing Dr. G. W.
Stout and Dr. H. G. Wyckoff medical ex
aminers in and for Mendocino County
under tbe provisions of an act of the last
Legislature creating a State Lunacy Com
mission.
Sunset 'Phones for Ukiah.
UKIAH, Cau, May The ordinance
granting to the Sunset Telephone and
Telegraph Company a franchise for a tele
phone within the city, limits of Ukiah
was passed by the Board of - Trustees this
evening by a unanimou -j vote.
Hollister Elects Officers.
HOLLISTER, Cal., May 3.— The char
ter election to-day resulted ir; the choos
ing cf: I. Archibald, Marshal; Robert
Shaw, Assessor; C. H. Wagner,* Treasurer,
and 'F. D. Sherman and M. C. Series,
Trustees.
Willi am Wants a Better Xary.
BERLIN, G__o__hy,. May 3.— circular
has been issued at 1 Emperor William's
instigation to magistrates of the principal
towns comparing the state of the German
fleet in 1886 with the present state and
declaring that unless new ships are I put
on the stocks in larger numbers Germany
will be compelled perhaps to suddenly
reconstruct her cruiser flotilla, and de
vote very large amounts for that purpose.
The opposition papers criticise the circular
severely.
MA V LOSE A COALING STATION.
Ex- M ivster to Hay ti. Tells of a Conces-
sion He Was About to Secure When
Requested to Resign. 7
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 3.-The
United States has, according , to" Henry
M. Smythe, ex-Minister 'to /Hayti,
probably lost a concession from the re
public of San Domingo for the establish
ment of a coaling station at Samana Bay
or some other convenient harbor.
Minister Smythe is no longer the Gov
ernment's accredited representative to
either of these republics, and is now in
Virginia very much exasperated because
bis resignation was accepted before he had
time to complete, the main features of a
treaty whereby San Domingo eranted,
free of charge,' a site for a coaling station
and several ot'.ier commercial privileges
for which this country has been working
for years. He now declares that he will
not surrender the protocol to the depart
ment. *. .. -. :'. > 'JrJlJ':
-No one has as yet been appointed Min
ister, and as there is not much of ' a. con
test for the place Smythe may be con
tinued after all in office until the protocol
for the possession of the coaling station is
completed. Smythe says:
"In San Domingo last March the Presi
dent submitted a memorandum embracing
the following heads for a treaty: Com
merce, navigation, extradition and reci
procity of interest and concession. Under
this last division, at my second inter
view, I obtained from the President a
concession for a coaling station for use of
the American navy during the continu
ance of the treaty on the sole condition
that coaling facilities be allowed the
Dominican navy in American ports. He
also asks for the removal of import duties
on sugar, practically an, American indus
try, which cannot exist under present
conditions."
.The acquisition of some Island of the
West Indies for a coaling station has been
recognized by naval experts as necessary,
and it is believed that if Denmark were
pressed she would sell the little island of
St. Croix for a reasonable sum. Next to
a coaling station in the West Indies,
naval experts have contended that one
in Hawaii is second in importance. There
is now available in the treasury $300,000
for the establishment of a coaling station,
which can be used on the one proposed at
Pearl Harbor. This same money could
be devoted, however, to Samaua station if
Smythe is restored to office and given a
chance to complete bis negotiations.
WHAT WILL THE VERDICT BE?
Romeyn Trial Ended and Result Dis-
patched to General Merritt.
ATLANTA, Ga.. May The Romeyn
court-martial completed its work at noon
to-day, and two hours later, after secret
deliberation, reached a conclusion and
dispatched it to General Merritt, bead of
the Department ot the East. Just what
the verdict i 3 no person outside of the offi
cial thirteen has any definite knowledge
of, but speculation all extends on the line
of either absolute acquittal for Romeyn
or his exoneration on the body of the
charges and a reprimand for his share in
the parade-ground episode. The judi*e
advocate "and Komeyn for the defense
summed up tbeir, respective sides this
morning, adding nothing of importance to
the evidence already adduced. . *.'.. .*-
It is charged that Lieutenants Bamford,
O'Bren and Martin and Captain Carter,
both previous to and during the trial,
have violated the articles of war, the pen
alty for which is court-martial, but the
members composing the board have pro
nounced the task of further investigation
into this complicated web impossible for
military court. V";.-;. - .
Both the official family at the garrison
and its friends are uneasily awaiting lur
ther movements on the part of the Wash
ington authorities, for no one believes,
after what has been brought to light by
the court-martial, that the War Depart
ment can afford to Ignore conditions pre
vailing at the post. ...
FIGHT WITH C. .TILE- EVES.
Three Out of a Giny of Five Wounded
and Captured.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. May 3.— The
cow-punchers of Indian Territory are run
ning off farmers' stock at an alarming
rate. Eariy this morning a drove was in
tercepted by farmers near Eufala and an
effort made to kill the five men in charge
of it. .'
About twenty-five shots were fired and
three of the thieves fell from their horses.
The other two escaped. Jerry Wilson, one
of the farmers, had his horse killed ana
received a dangerous wound in the shoul
der. P. A. Berry, another. farmer, was
shot in the right thigh. Several less dan
gerous wounds were sustained -by the
others. . :*.',, or -j
Two of the wounded men proved to be
half-breed Choctaw Indians living near
the neighborhod, while the third was
Henry Hennessey, an outlaw wanted at
Fort Smith on a charg** of murder. The
cattle were taken to Webbers Falls and
shipped from there to members of the
gang residing in this city, where they
were disposed of at high prices. •;*.'>
. ' ." s. NEW TO-DAY.
?H^^ ■ Strong Mind,
JSjJsm Strong Body,
§ Strong Mind,
Strong Body,
Strong Nerves.
YTHO is the MAN THAT DOES NOT
/^T^V-Qy _f*-» want to be strong ? It is an ambi-
ff j tion worthy of the truest manhood; and
,^ '%tL--~ **=_*^!a__-? -• ***■*■'■> the stronger a man is, the. stronger he
" „- ' wants to be, because be knows that his
strength— his health— is the best part of
'- /***iitfv* . . y. s . j'.r him- With strength a man can fight ill
fortune— and win. --Without it he is a victim to all the evil that is afloat. Mental
and physical vitality is born in every man, and when it is lost the greatest capital
that man possesses is gone. It should be regained. Manhood demands that it be re-
gained, because without it a man is only half a man. Happiness comes from
strength, and to be happy you must be strong.
DR. SAN DEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
This is the thing. From it you can get nerve power, the muscles glow with new
life blood, the mind is made clear and joyous, and renewed health dawns before you,
a new ambition springs up in your heart, and you are a new man. ' "Electricity is
Life.'" This famous Belt tills your body with it, and it generates a fresh vitality in
your nerves. It makes life brighter in a day. i \
" "I was practically on my last legs when I got your Belt. I had spent 5300 for
drugs without getting benefit. My strength was all gone and I was a wreck. '-.. I
got benefit as soon as I applied the Belt, and am now as strong as ever," aaya H.
Knowiton. 621 Kearny street, Ban Francisco. .
Dr. Sanden will show you hundreds of original letters like this if you will call at
his office, or send for his book, "Three Classes of Men," free, closely sealed, by mail.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., I&J^.:i^ Bs_t
Office hours— 3 A. M. to 8 *30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 to I. Los Angelas Office 204 South Bro*..
way ; Portland. Or.. _53 Washington street; Denver, C 010. ,935 Sixteenth street
kO'lt.— _.nte no mist-use m the Lumoet-SSa Market street. - Make note of it,
I>E. A>_>E-***S EJLECXIUi; IKL-31 CUBES BUFIUttE.
TWELVE MILLIONS
FOR THIS RAILWAY
Sale of the Atlantic and
Pacific Line at
Gallup.
Bid in by a Representative of
the Santa Fe Board of
Directors.
Many Improvements Projected, but
Officials Will Not Be
Chanced.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., May. 3.-At
the Atlantic and Pacific Railway sale in
Gallup to-day the property was bid in
for $12,000,000 by Aldace F. Walker, chair
man of the board of diroctors for the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe and of
the general purchasing committee of the
Santa Fe's system.
The special car containing Chairman
Walker and party arrived in Albuquerque
Saturday night. They spent Sunday bere
overlooking the Santa Fe's varied interests
and conferring with leading citizens about
the 'improvements under project. Early
tbis morning the special left for Gallup.
Very little interest was taken in the sale in
tbat city. The citizens knew that the
Santa Fe was already the practical owner
of the Atlantic and Pacific and that th-**
sale was a mere ceremony. It passed off
quietly and after a short stay in the city
the special returned to Albuquerque, ar
riving tbis evenine.
That the* Santa Fe has under view the
centralization of the shops and offices at
one main point is acknowledged, but
when this will commence is not known.
This city seems to be the favored one.
Many additions will be made to the shops
here and it is more than probable that 400
men will be added to tbe payrolls. J
There will not be many changes made
in tne working officials of the road. Every
thing west of this city will be under the
general superintendency of A. G. Wells.
This will also include the Calilornia
Southern. .. :r \-J : AJi A'':A\ *"■'.-
From this city to Seligman, Ariz., C. R.
Perry will be division superintendent.
From Seligman to San Bernardino John
Denair will be division superintendent. G.
Beamer will be division superintendent
over the territory between San Bernardino
and Los Anzeles.
Lo- Angeles will be the headquarters
for the auditing department, which will
be under the charge of W. E. Walsh. In
Los Angeles also will be the headquarters
fos the general passenger and ticket de
partment, under the charge of J. J. Byrne.
MAY RESULT IN HOSTILITIES.
I Costa Rica and Nicaragua Sending Troops
to the Frontier, Feuding Settlement
of the Boundary Dispute.
NEW YORK, N. V., May The Her
ald's Panama special says:. There isa
- seemingly authentic report that the Gov
! ernment of Costa Rica, in order to be
ready for an emergency, is preparing to
send immediately 2000 men to the Nica
raguan frontier pending a decision of the
boundary dispute. ..-*,,*
President Zelaya of Nicaragua now has
several hundred troops stationed on the
frontier. Of these troops 400 are scattered
in small groups between tbe frontier
towns. In San Juan 150 men are await
ing orders, 200 in Chinanadega, 200 in
Leon and a like number in Granada.
Rivas has also been strengthened by sev
eral hundred soldiers.
Ali this activity may result in hostili
ties. Nicaragua is dominated by the fear
of invasion, as Government officials have
received private advices stating that a
movement of that kind is being pushed.
The leaders, it is said, are men who have
been exiled from Nicaragua,' _ 'jfjjj
Hay Received by the Queen.
LONDON. Esq., May 3.— A Cabinet
council was held at Windsor to-day in
the presence of tbe Queen. Salisbury and
the principal members' of the Ministry
were present. By special arrangement
Colonel Hay. United States Embassador,
and Mrs. Hay were received by the Qtfeen
upon presentation by Salisbury. ' '
Elite Honor Jiooth and Barrett.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 3.— A large crowd
gathered to-day to see the Elks plant two
mulberry trees in memory of Edwin
Booth and Lawrence Barrett. The cere
mony took place in Lower Grove Park,
and was carried out with the unique
service for which the Order of Elks is
noted.
Confirmed, by the) Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C., May 3.— Tne
Senate to-day confirmed William Day of
Ohio as Assistant Secretary of State, Wil
liam A. Jones of Wisconsin as Commis
sioner of Indian Affairs, William Heimke
of New York, second secretary of the Le
gation in Mexico; also various promotions
in the army. •>:"."
KE*W TO-DAT.
liltot ntnt AHd.
THE MAN WHO WRITES THESE HERE ADS WILL HIRE OUT TO YOU
and write yours if you have any better coods, or any more of 'em, or any cheaper
than the Smiths have. Or if you have a bigger store or more kind and obliging clerk!
than the Smiths have he'd like to gather in your shekels for letting the world know
about it in a pleasant way. The Smiths have too many goods and not enough money
so they offer the goods cheap and that brings the money. Do you see? .
Sewing Machines SIS.OO j Stove Polish • -* C
Catch tnem on the fly. ,, Only a few to fiv at Either tie celebrated Nlckellne or Unlver-
this price. We need not brag about them, sal. both good, both well known, fully equal
because they are the best, the prettiest, the to what you pay 5 and 10 cents for - open
most durable, the easiest running and the to dealers at I'D cents dozen until sold,
cheapest machine iv the world for family
i U sTior $18 U:L " They 8 °" WUU "" bel ° ng ' ! True HI ue Soap 4C
This washes without other blue and Is In
Rrussels Carpet 45c every way a fine family Soap. Price is re-
We're afraid to name the p.ice for fear duceJ Irom 10 cents to close,
you'll say impossible. We nre not afral l to
show the goods in comparison with what Ooblets, halt* dozen 20C
you are asked 75c fore. sewhere. Wehave _^ ... .«. a. ....,« -™,*i _**-_ i-i,.,.
rheaner rarne . These are ribbed or fluted, good size. Om
cneapercarpe.s. dollar a dozen would have been cheap for
All-Wool Challies 8C 'em ,» cw years ago. Ask for Goblets ad -
vertlsed. j.- --..• .--...•-..-:. -.-.—■■■
These are not the narrow 10-cent goods, but Jj'i-
the 28-inch wide '.-bit. so popular for gown) Rolled Oa tS 3c
J£\E£^s^S'fT nlS&r^ It is hardly fair to say it Is equal to Sc
gut it's our wa,-buy cheap, sell cheap. # £& else whe re. and.yet ...^JJ
_.„ __-_._. ' ■■ -j__. - seme food product*
Silk Ribbons, all widths 5c |
Satin Ribbons, all widths. ..Gc English Rlue, « f0r.... 5o
Another large Invoice of Klbbons on sale One of the most noted makes, well known
to-dar. You know how popular the last in all English countries; 1 cent a package
sale was. All widths to No. 12, and alt or 6 for 5 cents. Peddlers and dealers sup-
colors at above prices. plied.
Finest Lace Shoes $2.50 metal Tea Trays •**•
These are ladies' fair stitch, Lace or Bais., You give 15 cents for these at "closing-
latest toes, something that would go at out " sales and brag of the bargain. They
34 50 in most places. Will you try them, are good size and prettily stamped. We
or some of our cheaper ones at $1 25? have too mauy. Have you any ?
Grocery and provision to-day; to-morrow good tima to stock up.
Clothing day on Thursday; bring the children and save money.
Business is improving; will you help us? We'll get there— buy and buy.
Prices tell, especially when coupled with the best goods in the market.
We try to ship promptly to our cross-the-bay patrons; hear no complaints.
Glad you came yesterday for the first time; raay it not be the last.
S Goods dell-er*d twice daily— any part city.
' Goods delivered twice daily— any part city.
SBSr^-B* Free delivery to suburban towns.
— / f-fe^P-ft-ffi?/ Free demonstration of foods daily.
atHRI JMB&&3B 4 Tea and Coffee served free to all who calL
* \**^ta__*--— _<^a^»___r/ Parcels checked and Telephone Free.
\_l^_WB^tf}_aSS^SSßy/ Dining-room on sixth floor.
\^g^aß6S^¥aSsrA : ;'- :: <ioods packed and shipped everywhere.
>^^^g^^P^^ Please ask for our 40-page list.
Address— The Big Store at the Ferry— 2s-27 BARRET STREET.
FORECLOSURE aALE.
BY ORDER OK MORTGAGEE
WE WILL OFFER
___.T AUCTION,
MONDAY MAY 10, 1897
rrl-yr. At 12 o'clock noon.
That magnificent piece 01 property known as the
'•Seattle BlocK," situate at the southwesterly cor-
ner of Golden Cat-** avenue and Stein tr streei. Im-
provements consists of a magniti ent residence,
1107 t-teiuer *t.. SW. corner of Golden Gate aye ,
containlne 22 rooms, bath,*. basement and attic:
finished in natural hard wood; all modern ap- ■
pliances; concrete loundation and* steps; vestlDU c '
finished in natural o_k with marble floor: rente 1
for $76 per montn. Also 12 flats of 8. 7 and 6
rooms am bath: servants' room and laundry; a.l
modern improvements; electric bells, speaking;.
i tubes, etc.; sun I**1 ** ionization and steps: vestibules
in natura' oak with marble floors: basement with
con. rete floor under each set of flats: stone side-
walk: botn streets paved with bitumen and ac-
cepted by the C tv; on main drive to Golden Gate
Park; McAllister- cable ana 'Inrk-st. electric
cars one blocic distant; improvements are new; lot
137:6 on Golden <Haie aye. by 100 on Steiner st.
G. H. UMBSEN AC., Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st , City.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
Whose Reputation Is Established hr
Ten Years of Unparalleled -success
at 737 Market Street, San francisco
The ablest and most successful specialist of
the age in the trea'ment of all Chronic Nerv-
ous and Private Diseases of both Men and
Women. Ail diseases of the Eye, Ear, Head,
Throat, Lungs, Stomach, Liver and Bowels,
Kidney, Bladder and Urinary Troubles. Rup-
ture, Catarrh, Piles, Eczema and Varicocele
treated with unfailing success. Diseases of
-woman peculiar to her sex scientifically treated
and permanently cured. Loss or partial loss of j
manly power and vigor in young, m'ddle-ai?ed
or old men positively restored. Weakening
drains which sap the vitality, destroy the j
health, cause paralysis, insanity and prema- 1
ture death, quickly and permanently stopped. ]
Private diseases of every name and nature
cured without leaving any bad effects, and
that disease which poisons the blood, decays
the bones and cause more physical and men- I
tal suffering than any other known disease
thoroughly and forever cured.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and Blood.
If you have a dizziness of tha head and pal-
pitation of the heart, difficult bresthing and j
suffocating feeling, a tired, irritable discon-
tented feeling, and a fesrjof impenaiugdanger |
or death, a dread of being alone or the reverse; I
ii your memory is failing and yon are gloomy I
and despondent and feel an aversion to so- !
ciety, you are suffering irom a d's?ase which
may soon prove very serious. You have no I
time to lose.
. Write your troubles if living away from the j
city. Thousands cured at home. Letters are j
answered in all forelen .languages. " Corre- I
spondence strictly confidential. Book. Guide
to Health, sent free -*n amplication. Address,
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market street, San Francisco, Cal.
i^mcniilty;
THIS WEr.L-KNOWN- AXD ABLE OLD
J- Spetlaiistcuj-e* rrivate.Nervous,HliM»i.,:i,i Skin
Diseases of Men oniy. Manly Power restore-!. Over
experience. Send for Book. Patient***.
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hour*. 9 to 3
daily ;**:.>**- t0 8.30 ev'ss. Sundays, 10 to li Omsalta-
tion free and sacrediyconflderitial. . Call oraddress ;
P. ROSCOE 31 cjf V-.TT, 31. _»., , •
26'; Kearn-r Street, San Francisco. CU.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
18 A POWERFUL APHRODISIAC AND
A specific tonio for the sexual and urinary orxani
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases j{
the kidneys and bladder. A great ReatorailvA
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own -ierus;
do long-winded testimonials nece-sary.
* a HUB, A_._s A* _»KUX_!, Agents, "
323 Market St., S. I-". (Send tor Circular)
MBV WILCOX COMPOUND
JV The only reliable female regulator
Mm Never Fails. Sold by druggists. 52.00
___WS+nd 4e. for Woman's Safeguard.
MM WC-55X XBIC4I* 69. 228 3. Stb St, m*,Pk
AUCTION
Business & Resilience Properties
MONDAY, MAY 10, 1897,
At 12 o'clock, Noon
At Salesroom, 14 Montgomery St, "
MANUFACTURING SITE.
Northwest corner First and Clementina streets (be-
tween Howard aud Folsom streets)— Full rente, $206;
both streets and crossing paved and accepted; lot ii
sxcavated ; lot 80 feet on First by 150 on Clementina
street Terms— sale.
PROBATE SALE— To Close Estate.
Centrally Located Corner Residence.
Two-story residence, 1423 Larkin street, southeast
corner of Sacramento street ; 9 rooms, bath and base-
ment ; rented for $50 per month ; lot 25:6x100 f»*"t.
Terms— Cash, subject to Confirmation of the Superioc
Court. We can negotiate loan if desired.
Cottage Home near Golden Oate Park.
Neat Cottage. 1413 Fulton street ; south side, 125 feet
west of Broderick street ; 6 rooms, bath and basement:
on the main drive to Golden Gate Part ; lit Ssii*jr:«.
Terms— Cash abors mortgage of $2225. (Hibarna
Bank, *■>.*-»' per cent )
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Howard Street Investment.
1759 Howard street, east side 106 feet north of Four,
teenth street; 3-story building containing 3 flats in
front and rear house of 4 rooms; lot 27:7-4x115 feet.
Terms- -Cash, subject to confirmation of the Superior
Court. We can negotiate loan if- desired.
Prominent Improved Business Corner
In Western Addition.
If* and improvements northeasterly corner of Turk
and Steiner streets, 1424 to 1436 Turk street; four
!-story bouses of 6 rooms and bath each ; one .-story
house of 8 rooms and batb. and corner store and flat of
6 rooms and bath above; total rents 5163.50; will be
sold as a whole -87 6-12 feet on Steiner street by 137 6-12
; feet on Turk street, with L 50x50, or in subdivisions.
i Terms— sale. .:~J:si.'J
Western Addition Corner Flats.
Two modern flats, 725 and 727 Webster street, south,
west corner of Fulton street ; contains 5 room* aad bath
each ; rents, goO ; lot 25i52 6-12 feet. ™ 9
■ Terms-Cash above mortgage, 84000, in Hiberm*
Bank, at 6H per cent.
Market Street Building Lots.
Three building lots on the southeast side of Markat
street, 131 feet northeast of Fourteenth street; __m
whole, (oxlOO, or in 3 subdivisions, 25x100 feet each.
Terms— Cash. We can negotiate loan if desired.
Centrally Located Tenement Investment.
Northwest aide of Bryant street. 175 feet northwest
of Fourth street, Nos. 558 to 562 Bryant street ; improve-
ments. 6 tenements of 5 rooms each; rents 963: let
60x80 feet.
Terms— Cash. We can negotiate loan if desired.
Centrally Located Improved 50- Vara.
North side of Jackson street, 137 6 12 feet west <<*
Hyde street; improvements, cottages, Nos. 1412 to 1422
Jackson street; rented for 4101 per month; basement
under each house ; lot 137 6-12x137 6-12 to rear street.
Terms— At sale.
Valencia Street Business Property.
Two-story bay window house, 921 Valencia street, east
tide 224 feet north of Twenty-first street ; 8 rooms and
bath ; house should be raised and store built below • lot
23x9} feet.
Terms— Cash. We can negotiate loan if desired.
Western Addition Small Investment.
Two flats, 1308 and 130SH Steiner street, east side:
826-12 ,'? >- n -^A ° ™-l? street; 5 and 6 rooms and .
bath; lot 27 6-12 feet by 110 feet. '. * aa ° roomsand .
Terms— Cash. , We can negotiate loan if desired.
Cosy Cottage in Mission Warm Belt.
«££#__?*■ if™*. 0 ' 934) x **M!>««»th street, north side,
h_th . £?«&w*_? RES* and £* <-*" i 5 «x>ms and
arm \?£' 5 ? **l Terms-Cash above rattan of
$lioo, in Hibernia Bank, at 634 per cent. M '** s " _ m
For further particulars apply to
C. H. UMBSEN 4 CO., Auctioneers,
- . - . *** Montgomery Street.
O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-00-O-O
AN EXCELLENT
TITTC A T Properly prepared ana
IV I I- r\ I . Promptly served, can
*■**■-*■: always bo obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
KfI&JS PAT ATF
Dining Apart- * **a.J__/_r\V_«_--»
ment in town. * ______--»_>-«
SJgglPft. BILL'S REHTIGOIUTO!,
gyanhSß Five hundred reward ior any cas* .«<
O^ "*» £* a ?. ot cure - THIS SECRET HEM-
m^L _____] - t " JY stops all loss's in 24 hoars.
jiljHl BBS cvr ** Emission-). Impotencv. Vartoo-
mil cntfl .' (■onorrrn***. Gleet, tits. *s:r:>
MM Em tores, Blood Disease aal all was* *as
EaSfflß ««ects of -elf Abuse or ilxcesjs*
; Mljl»Mba Sen; ? a'.ed. #_' per boctle. IHH__
■OTTLia »s*. Kuansniasd to cur* any casa.
DU. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUIE^ -
_ n -_ «U Broadway. Oakland. CM, ". * * *
; OHbO-fc **• fl -* , -*"* *«»i«l/:.«;ttS»4|--:-S_4 tatFINNEGAN ENJOYS
COMFORT IN JAIL
■
Occupies the Women's
Cell in the Marin
Prison.
Sheriff Harrison Questioned
as to Favoritism Shown
His Guest.
•;■ Contempt Proossdlngs Asainst the
Millionaire's Jailer Again
Continued.
RAW RAFAEL, Cal., May 3.— Colonel
Peter A. Finnegan, the wealthy prisoner in
Marin County Jail, occupies the women's
Sll in the prison. So said Sheriff Henry
arriion this afternoon from the witness
stand In the Superior Court, when he was
being examined on an order to show cause
why he should not be adjudged guilty of
contempt for conferring npon Millionaire
* Finnegan too manyfavois since the latter'
confinement in the county jail for refusing
to comply with Judge Angelotti's orders
to pay $750 as alimony to bis wife, who is
suing him for a divorce.
Sheriff Harrison filed an affidavit this
■ . morning, in which he denied all the alle
• cations made by T. i. Crowley, attorney
for Mrs. Finnegan. Crowley had alleged
that Finnegan was not confined in tbe jail
proper, bnt occupied a room in the base
ment of the courthouse, furnished by
himself! that Finnegan was not locked up,
and was free to go where he pleased.
On the witness-stand this afternoon
the attorney asked the Sheriff if it was
not a fact that Finnegan was occupying a
room in the basement of the courthouse.
The Sheriff denied this, but stated that
the cell had originally been intended for
women prisoners, so Colonel Peter A.
Finnegan, mine-owner and horseman, is
occupying the "ladies' " cell. The Sheriff
stated that Finnegan was locked in the
prison ceil, but that any person who
"knew the ropes" could draw the bolt and
'.. walk into the colonel's present home at
. any time.
Judge Angelotti said that the manner in
" which Sheriff Harrison had kept Colonel
Finnegan in his custody was hardly a com
pliance with the order of commitment.
Sheriff Harrison had said that he con
sidered the millionaire in the county jail
at any time since he had been in his cus
. tody, although he had been allowed to go
with Under-Sheriff Hannon across the
street to a restaurant.
The matter went over until May 13,
when other testimony will be introduced
by both sides. Under-Sheriff John Han
non, who has charge of the jail, will be
examined as to the freedom the million
. aire enjoyed while in his custody, and
'.■ other witnesses will be produced to show
that Finnegan had too much of a good
"" time.
Colonel Finnegan has made a lengthy
stay in his prison quarters. He has occu
.,'. pied the women's cell since the sth of
April, and it seems as though he intended
to stay considerably longer. His attor
neys have abandoned the receivership
■■■ rrccecdings, *by which they hoped to have
the court appoint a receiver to take charge
of Finnegan's property and stock in order
to raise the necessary $750 which stands
'in the way of the millionaire walking
forth to his elegant apartments at Hotel
.Rafael. -
Will Defeat the Treaty.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 3.— The Her
aid's Washington correspondent gives a
list of thirty-eight Senators who one of
the leading Senators opposing the arbitra
tion treaty says will vote against it
Wednesday, insuring its defeat with
eight votes to spare. Among these are
Allen, Cannon, Carter, Chilton, rfans
brough. Mantle, Roach, Rawlins, Shoup,
Tillman. _
California Flyers Reach Morris Park.
. NEW YORK, N. V., May 3.— Burns &
Waterhouse's Eastern string from Cali
fornia, fourteen strong, has arrived at
Morris Park. Burns, who gained so many
friends by his riding at the recent New
Orleans meeting, has been engaged to
ride and is now with the horses.
The Oakland Election.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 3.— At to-night's
meeting of the City Council, which was
protracted until midnight, the muddle
over the advertising of the annexation
election was adjusted and the date of
election fixed for June 10.
FIFTEEN HUNDRED GAIN
The Estimated increase in the
Number of School
Children.
School Directors Now in Accord With
Superintendent Webster end the
Census League.
Superintendent of Schools Webster esti
mates, from a careful study of the work
of the school census takers, just com
pleted, that the census will snow an in
crease of school children of 1500 over last
year.
" The work of checking up the figures of
the canvassers is yet in progress and will
. not be finished for several days, but the
increase will vary very little from the es
timates made by Mr. Webster.
The Board of Education has come to the
- Superintendent's idea regarding the le
gality of the census and has taken such
. steps as will place the matter beyond
question.
• Two of the directors called on Mr. Web
ster yesterday and stated that legal advice
had been taken, and the result had been
"an opinion from the attorney that the
Superintendent's position was correct;
that in order to make the census legal the
■ census-takers must file their oaths of of
fice with the Superintendent and be ap
proved by him. This was one of the legal
.forms insisted on by Mr. Webster before
*. he- would consent to approve the result of
the canvass. Without this approval the
canvass would be useless.
To straighten the whole matter out the
hoard admitted that Secretary Welch was
a member of the Superintendent's staff.
As t- c oaths of office were filed with Mr.
Welch the admission mentioned settles
- the complication that threatened to make
. trouble all around.
Mr. Webster says that the census has
been taken with unusual care and that it
will be, when finished, the most correct
• and thorough canvass that has been made
in years. . '
In many cases where school children re
ported that census-takers bad not visited
their homes it was found that they were
mistaken, as the names appeared in the
canvasser's field book. , . . .
The Superintendent will sign tbe salary
demands of the men now that the legal
obstacles have been overcome.
RADER IS PRESIDENT.
Congregational Monday Clnb Honors
the Pastor of the Third Church.
The Congregational Monday Club set its
seal of approbation on Rev. William Ra
dar yesterday by electing him president of
that club. Whether there was any dis- j
cussion over the election outsiders were
not informed, for it has become the rule
with the clnb lately to hold its meetings
with closed doors and jealously ke p
secret everything but routine business. It
is understood, however, that a large ma
jority of the pastors in the club are
strongly in favor of supporting Rev. Mr.
Rader against any strictures that may be
passed upon his orthodoxy by Christian
Endeavorers in the East.
The subject of Dr. Rader's orthodoxy or
otherwise was not formally discussed at
any of the other Monday ministerial
meetings, but it was spoken of a great
deal among the ministers in the course of
conversation. Rev. F. Farrand, in the
course of some remarks on the subject,
said:
"The matter is to be deplored, for a
nnmber of Eastern religious papers are
advising Christian Endeavorers not to
come to the California convention on ac
count of Mr. Rader's unorthodoxy ooupled
with his prominent connection with the
Christian Endeavor Convention here. I
do not see how this can fail to injure the
convention."
GOLDBERG IS MISSING.
He Made All His Usual Collec
tions Last Steamer
Day.
Ssveral Hay Firms Anxious Over His
Sadden Leave-Taking While
in Their Debt.
The sudden disappearance of David
Goldberg, a young business man who had
conducted a hay and grain store at 317
Seventh street, has been the cause of a
subdued wonder to those who had known
him.
Goldberg had been in the employ of
Barg & Eileen at 526 Seventh street until
the Ist of last October, when he left their
service and joined bis father. Max Gold
berg, in a feedstore at the number men
tioned.
About six months ago the firm of Gold
berg failed and a compromise with the
creditors was made, after which the son
conducted the business in his own name,
dealing with such firms as his former em
ployers. Anspacher & Bros., Scott & Mc-
Cord, W. W. Chase & Co. and C. S. Healey.
Those firms gave the young man credit to
a limited extent, not over $500 in any one
instance.
Last Wednesday young Goldberg started
out to make collections from his custom
ers, with the understanding — so far as the
creditors know — of calling on them during
the day and liquidating his indebted
ness. But, to the.r disappointment, be
failed to find their offices up to yesterday
afternoon.
Since he made his collections on
Wednesday he has not been seen by any
one who knows him. At first it was
thought be had met with foul play and
might have been robbed of bis collec
tions. But this fear has been dispelled by
the attitude of his parents over his failure
to return. No call has been made upon
the police, and, as far as is known, his
father has lost no night's rest searching
for him.
Before his departure, however, it is un
derstood he assigned the greater portion
of his woridly goods over to his mother.
If this be the case the creditors will have
nothing to levy upon to secure them.
AROUND THE BASES.
The Alerts Defeated by the -San
Francisco Athletic
Club
The K. S. & F.s Deieat the O'Connor
& Moffatts— A Few Other
Games.
The opening game at the Alameda Base
ball Park on Sunday between the San
Francisco Athletic Club and the Alameda
Alerts resulted in a victory for the former
by «i score of 3 to 2.
Over 2000 people witnessed the game,
and, as it was an excellent exhibition, it
augurs well for baseball in Alameda.
Krug pitched an excellent game for
the Alerts. He had fifteen strike-outs to
his credit, which is record twirling.
Raymond's delivery was all that could
be desired. The Alerts were only able to
get five hits off him, and he showed rare
judgment in playing his position.
One of the features was a grand-stand
catch by Spellman.
The score is as follows:
S. F. Athletics, a.b. b. b.h. s.b. r.o. a. . a
Sheehan. 1. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Spellman, 3 b 5 0 0 0 4 5 2
Gianlul, r. f. 2 0 000 00
Van JS'orden. 2 b... 4 0 0 0 5 12
Johnson. a. a 4 10 0 3 0
Pfeifter, c. f 4 0 10 3 0 1
Ford, lb 3 2 1 0 11 1 1
Dreus, c 3 0 10 3 10
Raymond, p........ 4 0 2 0 0 3,1
Total 32 ,3 6 1 27 14 7
Alerts. a.b. a b.h. sb. P.o. a. k.
Bird, r.f 3 0 0 0 0 10
Brochoff, 3 b. 4 110 0 10
Mosklmon, a. a 4 0 10 0 0 0
Knur, p.. ...4 0 1 0 0 2 0
W. Hammond c... 4 0 1 0 14 3 0
CroJ, 1. f 3 0 0 0 3 10
J. Hammond, r.f.. 4 0 0 0 000
Ja obson. lb 3 0 10 7 0 1
Goldswonhy, 2 b... 3 10 0 3 0 0
Total 32 2 6 0 27 8 1
SUMMARY.
Earned rung— S. F. A.'s 2. Three ba«e hits—
Johnson. Two-base hits— W. Hammond. . Base
on balls— S. F. A.'s 4. Alerts 3. Sacrifice hit*—
Brochoff, J i cobson. • Left on base — .. F. A.'s 7,
Alerts 7. struck out— By Krue 15, br Raymond
3. Hit by pitcher— -sheehan, l>reu3, *jrolL Double,
plays— ('roll to Jacob.on, Spellman to Ford.
Passed balls— Dreus 2. Time of game— l hour and
45 minutes. Umpire— Lanze. scorer— J. He/iron.
Commercial League Grounds..
The K. 8. & F.s defeated the O'Con
nor & Moffitts by a score of 22 to 20.
The Clippers defeated the Bulletins by a
score of 15 to 10.
Precita Parlor won from Rincon Parlor
by a score of 17 to 1.
Presidio Athletic Ground*.
The California Markets defeated the C.
J. Hessemana of Oakland in a hotly con
tested game Sunday by a score of 21 to
20.
Other Game*.
The Y. M. I. No. 34 defeated the Y. M.
I. No. 1 on Sunday at Central Park by a
score of 7 to 5.
The winners woulu like to hear from '
the Native Sons. Address all challenges
to W. J. Riley, 41 Zoe street.
Over 600 people turned out Sunday in
San Ralael to see the game between their
crack team and the Fruitvaie Stars. The
game ended in a victory for the latter
team by a score of 16 to 15. ■'•■■■
<*> ♦ — **> -
The American mole is about 6 laches in
length. «*••*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1897.
DE WOLF HOPPER
AGAIN IN TOWN
■
Expresses Satisfaction at
His Welcome in a
Speech.
The Bohemian C lib Turns Out
in Force to Honor Denis
O'Suliivan.
Ward and Yokes Continue to Be a
Eraw at the Columbia— "East <-.
Lynne" at the Aicazir.
In a few days every gallery-boy in
town will probably be tramping round on
his daily avocations to a whistled accom
paniment of selections from "El Capitan,"
the comic opera by Charles Klein and
Sousa, which the De Wolf Hopper Com
pany produced last night at the Baldwin
Theater. '« rjJJ
There was a packed and fashionable
audience to greet the big comedian, his
dainty little wife and their new operetta,
and all three came in for a deserved share
of the honors. The opera is just the sort
that hits the popular taste on the most
casual acquaintance, the action and fun
are original and never flag, the music is
bright and catchy, the staging is posi
tively brilliant, and last but not least, De
Wolf Hopper and Edna Wallace Hopper ,
have pans that suit them admirably.
In his make-up De Wolf Hopper has,
evidently taken a wrinkle from the pict
ures of Don Quixote, and it is easy to be
lieve that the librettist had the Knight of
the Rueful Countenance also in his mind
when lie imagined the character of El
Capitan, for that worthy is a sort of comic
edition of Don Quixote.
The story, whicb adapts itself well to
picturesque staging, is supposed to pass
in Peru during the sixteenth century.
The recently appointed Viceroy, in con
stant dread of assassination, hides himself
from his new subjects, who rise in rebel
lion and capture his palace. The Vice
roy solves the immediate difficulty by
posing as "El Capitan," a famous leader
of the rebels, but terrible complications
ensue, for the Viceroy ls very much mar
ried, and Estrelda. the daughter of the
rebel Viceroy, falls in love with him and
tries to lead the reluctant El Capitan to
the altar, in the very teeth of his own
wife, who does not dare to declare his
identity.
A large part of the plot consists of El
Capitans harrowing experiences among
the rebels. De Wolf Hopper enters heart
and soul into the comic agony of the situ
ations, which are made more absurd by
his assumed valor and his ridiculously
uncouth appearance.
Edna Wallace Hopper, graceful and
snrightly as ever, makes a fascinating
Estreida, and the guileless way in which
she thrusts her unsought love upon El
Capitan adds hugely to the fun of the
perlormance.
The music that Sousa has written round
this sparkling libretto is all that one would
expect of the march king. It is catchy
and tuneful, makes one think of the park
on a Sunday, and in its most melodious
moments almost smells of fresh roasted
peanuts and popcorn.
It is almost impossible to resist hum
ming "El Capitan's" march, "You See in
Me," to the jingle of the cars on the way
home.
The new prima donna, Nella Bugan, is
De Wolf Hopper, Who Made a
Hit in "El Capitan" Last
Evening*.
a remarkably beautiful woman, and she
sings prettily, though, barring Hopper
himself, no one in the company is over
burdened with voice.
Little Alfred Klein has a good part as
the Viceroy's chamberlain and general
factotnm, and he plays bis role with his
old-time air of a comic martyr.
The rest of the cast is good and the
chorus girls are young, pretty and pos
sessed of a good volume oi voice.
A perfect ovation was given the stars,
and Hopper rashly promised a "glittering
speech later on," when he was called out
at the end of the first act. The audience
bore the promise in mind, and later on
Hopper was compelled to deliver quite an
oration, but he firmly resisted saying his
littie piece, "Casey at the Bat,"
-<ff "V At the Alcazar.
In reviving "East Lynne" the management
of the, Alcazar Then ter played a trump card
If liberal applause goes for anything. '"
The whole company received curtain calls
after every act. Adele Belgarde does the best
work she has done at this house as Lsdv Isabel.
The part is a trying one, for it is difficult to
play such au emotional role and not overdo it.
Irs. F. M. Bates does her usual good work as
Cornelia. Thouirh Cornelia is a decidedly dis
agreeable character, she gets all the laughs
there are to be had out of a naturally teartul
play. Wm&i *'.-'■'■' ■■<;■■■
George Osbourne gives an unusually strong
performance as Archibald Carlyle, and Hugo
Toland as Francis -Levlson is the conventional
society villain. The rest of the company are
well cast. ' ■
Grand Opera-House,
Another spectacular comedy-drama opened
at Morosco's last night to a well-filled house.
"An American Hero" is the title of the play,
and as usual the hero.ln the person of Mortimer
Snow, assumes disguises by the wholesale
and rescues the heroine trom the most impos
sible situation**, to the great delight of the
gallery gods. Baby L^wis delights all by her
clever dancing, and Mollie Thompson and Nat
Willis contribute some rather good special
ties. ''^Sm^SsgSSsm^SS^SSSEd^ssss^^--.
One ot the most realistic shipwrecks ever
seen in this City occurs at the close of the sec
ond act. ,
Maud Edna Hall, one of the most popular
leading ladies who has ever been at the Grand,
will make her reappearance with the stock
company on the 17th, as Lady Isabel in "East
Lynne. '*
Tivoli Opera- House.
Another deluge of Mr. O'Suliivan' friend*
turned out and completely filled every nook
and corner of the . Tivoli last night. The,
Bohemian Club was there 100 strong and
loudly applauded all that was done or said,
and at the close of the second act fairly
smothered Mr. O'Suliivan with flowers.
Maurice Darcy's Miles Murphy has made a
decided hit. It Is the first really good oppor
tunity he has had since he joined the com
pany and he is undoubtedly making the best
of it. '-■ ■■'■■■'■■■'■■
The music of "Shamus O'Brien" grows pret
tier at each hearing. In fact 11 Mr O'sulli
van's friends hold out "Shamus O'Biien" will
have a long and prosperous run.
At the Orpheum.
' The Orpheum has a host of novelties on this
week, besides retaining many of the attrac
tive features of the week gone by. Signor
• Achile Alberte and Mme. Annina Orlandi, the
grand opera stars; Marzelo and Millay, the
grotesque bar performers and burlesque
wrestlers, and that very clever colored team,
Al and Mamie A-iderron, have not yet lost
their power to please. Fleurette and her four
fleurs-de-lis, otherwise a clever little dancer,
and ber four blonde choristers, gave what tbe I
Programme calls "the latest sensation from
Paris."
If this be so. to startle Paris all that is re
quired is fetching gowns, nimble toes and
rasping voices. However, San Francisco's
taste and that of the gay and giddy capital
seem to be similar, and Fleurette and the
fleurs-de-lis, judging by their last night's re
ception, have captured the Western me
tropolis.
Another great card on the programme ls
Ml c. Anl, the marvelous gymnast, whose
thrilling performa- cc lacks none of the beauti
ful. Taken altogether this week's Orpheum
offering is of the best, with variety to suit all
tastes and Inclinations.
At the Auditorium.
Fortunate it is for Mrs. Dimond that the
regulated temperature of the Auditorium
stsgo possesses none of those changes for
y»CE.PR|iSip'ENT W.G.CUPTIS
which this great and glorious climate of Cali
fornia is justly noted. Otherwise might the
dread pneumonia claim the massive Carrie
for its own and San Francisco suffer the loss
ot an erstwhile society lady wno hopes to
elevate (?) the stage and incidentally line her
pocket with shekels. It is an interesting audi
ence that assembles to spur the divorcee on
in her chosen career. One almost sees the
fair admirer who, by the way, brings her off
spring to the play, turn over the leaves of her
book of etiquette and with puzzled brow look
to see how- the blonde representative of the
island 400 smiles and bends and says "Thank
you," and "On, dear me!" .To master, the
aciress' frozen smile in . response to ... the
clamorous demands for an encore is as much
as those imitators need to be immediately
welcomed into the ranks of the select. .*■•'■
Mra Dimond'a theatrical sway is apparently
all smooth and even. True to the Instinct of
the caste she lias deserted, nothing annoys or
astonishes the lady. Bhe summons her fairy at
tendants with the easy grace of the lady who
\ accepts her thimbleful of chocolate at an after
noon tea, and demands the extermination of
ali her enemies as evenly a3 she orders mush
for the next day's breakfast. Neither exertion
nor execution", for that matter, is ' Mrs.
Dimond's mission on the stage. She la there
to snow herself, and in that she offers all she
generously promised.
Columbia Theater.
Another large house last night showed that
the fun made by Ward and Yokes continues to
be as much appreciated as ever. Several new
songs were introduced and "caught on" with
the audience.
At the Chutes.
The Chutes have a long list of attractions,
which are presented on the open air stage
every afternoon and evening. The coyote
family, three-legged horse and monkey cages
all have a large and interested following.
During May there will be no admission charged
to the Hatght-street grounds on week-day after
noons. The anlmatoscope shows new pictures
every evening.
AWAY FOR LOS GATOS
The M. E. Sunday-School Picnic Will
Be Held May 6.
As the public schools of this City will be
closed during the first week in May, the
union picnic committee of all the Meth
odist Episcopal Sunday-schools has de
cided to hold the annual picnic excursion
on Thursday, May 6, at Los Gatos Park,
in the foothills of the Santa Cruz Moun
tains, The guests will take the broad
gauge railroad at Third and Townsend I
streets at 8:30 A. M., or at Valencia anp
Twenty-sixth streets at 8:40 a. m. Return
ing, trains will leave the; grounds at 4:30
p. M. The ride down is through the Santa
Clara Valley, passing Belmont, Menlo
Park. Palo Alto, Santa Clara, and the Gar
den City of San Jose. * 7 ;
Those who do not care to carry tb«**ir
lunch can secure lunch or dinner at * the
Hotels at reasonable rates. ;j ..-■' - ,
MORTON* SPHCI *._, DELIVERY.
BAggage transferred to trains, steamers, etc.
Also moved in the city.
Furniture moved; estimates furnished.
Freight transferred and shipped. :
408 Taylor street and 650 Market street.
Telephone Main 46. . r . '•
PILING UP A
SURPLUS FUND
Prosperous Condition of
Railroad Employes'
Association.
Unusual Financial Gains Made
During the Year Just
Past
Interesting D.bate Over a Proposition
for a New Assessment
Policy.
Remarkable prosperity was enjoyed
during the past year by the Central and
Southern Pacific Railroad Employes' Mu
tual Benefit Association, as shown by the
oaEbifcENT C.B.RVAtr.||ij
financial statement submitted at the sev
enteenth . annual meeting in tbe , Hobart
building yesterday.
The result was the more gratifying, as
the previous year had been one of the
most trying in the existence of the or
ganization, it having been necessary to
pay out no less than $15,000 on beneficiary
certfiicates. Despite this drain, however,
there was a net gain of nearly $3000 dur
ing 1895-96. This year the gain was nearly
$13,000, and the association now has
$81,400 as a surplus fund. r-yjk
This large sum is out at interest in the
hands of the Southern Pacific Company, ,
which is the treasurer of the association,
and the income from it, some members
believe, will largely help to maintain tbo
institution. With this idea in mind,
some of the men in C. J. Wilder's depart
ment at the meeting yesterday proposed
that the interest income shall be applied
to the payment of death benefits and
other expenses, and that tne assessments
of members shall be accordingly reduced.
A long and interesting debate followed,
but the proposition was lost by a vote of
326 against and 150 in favor of it. It is be
lieved that the suggestion will be submit*
ted by the directors at tbe next meeting,
and many who voted against it this time
owing to it having been proposed without
previous notice will vote for it then. Tbe
older and conservative members are op
posed to any change. They claim that
many of the members are now getting
along in years; that the drain will event
ually get heavier, and that the amounts
now being paid ,in by members will be
necessary to • keep the association in a
sound financial condition.
All the officers were re-elected as fol
lows: President, E. B. Ryan; vice-presi
dent, W. G. Curtis; treasurer, Southern
Pacific Company; secretary, Mrs. Anna
Cummins; counsel, J. E. Foulds.
The membership numbers about 880, ft
considerable gain during tbe year. -J.-'-jy
KNIGHTS OP THE EED BRANCH.
Twenty-Eighth Annual Picnic Held at
Shell Mound Yesterday. .
, A large flag of green, white and yellow
with an arm and uplifted sword floated
over Shell Mound Sunday. Tbe occa
sion was the twenty-eighth annual picnic
and excursion of the Knights of the Red
Branch. The early boats took large num*
bers to the park and the midaay trains
unloaded many more at the gate. There
was dancing in the pavilion, lunches ia
the groves and plenty of amusement alt
day. * y-yt' ArJky i^f^Mi^
In the afternoon the pleasure-seekers
repaired to the athletic grounds, where
contests of speed, strength and ability
were held. A large number of prizes were
distributed to the winners of the contests,
which were open to ail, besides a largo
number of prizes to those who held lucky
admission tickets. '*• <-> v
.;•-.>•-■■: <:.', '■-■ r , »i » » . —
The crown octavo page is 7>s by 4>*|
inches. . .'. ■•■:
usw to-dat:
SURE
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Baking Powder,
AT THE
Pure Food
STORES
Ol *wr\£_o
Great American Imp ortina: Tea Ca.
EXPERTS
Know what's pure.
Know what's not pure.
PURE FOOD OUR STRONGHOLD.
100 PURE FOOD
%%%%% STORES. ■'-
• ■ *•*•
56
Wilt
>^Jto C * rtd- §g3B--_2_w
tFeSPAY AY 4, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUt-,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally •nd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.1 5
Pally and Sunday Call, one year, by mail.... 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall., 3.00
Pally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
bunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
Weekly Call, one year, by mall -.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
___ Francisco, California.
Telephone" .^ _Ul»-X«88
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Btreet.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open ontO
9 :30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
isW. corner Sixteenth ami Mission streets, Open
until 9 o'clock.
261 8 Mission street, open nntU 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street ; open until 9;30 o'clock.
KW. corner Tweuty-second and Kentucky
■treets; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFPlCB:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 81 and 38, 34 Park Row. New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALU
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Areyou pomp to tin- country on a vacation? If
fo, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do no; let It miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the currier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
.Nu EXTRA CHARGE.
Once more thero is talk of peace.
The woman's congress closed with a
deeded bang.
*> —
Europe is in the hands of a trust, and
John Bull isn't in it.
' As long as work on Balboa avenue keeps
moving we are making municipal progress •
of a gratifying Kind.
If any man knows a sure way to bring
about a rain, the farmers will be glad to
communicate with him.
The Senators deliberate over the tariff,
but the importers do not. The one may
mean business, but the others are doing it.
The Greeks are now undoubtedly will
ing to trade all the sympathy they
have in all Europe for one good major
general.
The determination of the three Em
perors to maintain the existing conditions
in South Africa as well as in the Levant
is what makes the lion growl.
The crusade for pure food is now the
concern of the whole State and let us
hope will be carried forward everywhere i
as vigorously as it has been in San Fran
cisco.
The Cubans and the Spaniards are quar
reling over the question whether Pinar
del Rio has teen pacified, with a vindic
tiveness which threatens to lead to a fight
the first time they meet.
•
Among the applicants for office under
this administration is a son of Samuel J.
Randall. He was not an early Republican j
in the ranks, but he has shown up pretty j
pronto at the pie counter.
The New York Legislature claims the
legislative record by passing 160 bills in
two hours, but it may have been that the
quality ofthe bills was so light that it was
no trick at all to carry them.
The announcement that the King of !
Siam will not visit us this year is not I
wholly a matter of regret. It willbe better
to bring him over some time when we have
a carnival and need him as a drawing
card.
The revised Dingley bill promises to be
a great deal better for Western interests
than the original measure, so while some
people may grumble about the delay of
the Senators, we have nothing to kick
about, '
The weather bureau is boasting at Wash
ington of having done good work in the
Mississippi Valley by telling the people
how fast the river was rising and when
the flood could be expected to reach a
given point.
It is announced that after seven years of
persistent effort Mary Lydia Leggett has
induced Harvard to "partially" open to
her the door of its divinity school, but as
it seems she has got in the door might as
well have been wide open. At any rate
the chances are she will soon make it so or
tear it down.
Philadelphia is not at all disturbed by
the, taunts of outsiders at her slowness in
completing the Washington monument,
and complacently through the Enquirer of
that city says that when completed it will
be magnificent enough to make the Father
of His Country wish that ha had waited to
see it himself.
.
Boston having a gorilla, asserts through
the mouths of her naturalists that it i»
the first live gorilla ever brought to this
continent, and now it would stem that
several circuses and quite a number of
zoological gardens will either have to sue
Boston for libel or stand suspected of de
ceiving an innocent and too credulous
public.
It is asserted that fakers in New York
did a great business during the celebration
attending the aedication of the Grant
mausoleum by selling bricks as souvenirs
of the occasion. They claimed that the
bricks were obtained from the vault where
the body of the hero had rested until the
great tomb was finished, and no ordinary
gold-brick swindle was more successful in
the way of raising funds.
A man accused in a New York court of
beating his wife pleaded in justification
that she was addicted to "cabin-hunting,"
and when the amazed magistrate asked
what that meant he explained that it was
a habit of "going round to neighboring
houses and filling up on mixed ale." We
have therefore a new vice and a new word
for it and our manners and oar language
are to that extent enriched.
According to the New York Press -"am
bling among fashionable women in that
city has become more like a rage than a
fad. It says: "There are private roulette
wheels in this city for which fabulous
prices are said to have been paid — wheels
of silver and gold, ivory, pearl, tortoise
shell, cut glass. And roulette parties are
becoming commoner than poker parties."
From all of which it is evident that New
York's richness is getting decidedly
gamey -and is very close to the spoiling
point. t
OUR SHIPPING INTERESTS.
From the tone and temper of the East
ern press it is evident that as soon as the
tariff bill is out of the way the attention
of Congress will be called to tho shipping
interests of the country and the urgent
need of building up a merchant marine
capable of carrying at least the larger por
tion of our entire foreign commerce. Many
of the most influential papers in the larger
cities are actively agitating the question
and there can be no doubt they reflect the
sentiments of a large and powerful por
tion of the people.
A recent article in the American Econo
mist containing an elaborate review of the
subject points out that while in 1845 fully
81 per cent of all American ocean carried
exports and imports were handled in
American ships, in the year ending June
30, 1895, American vessels carried exports
and imports valued at only $170,500,000 out
of a total trade of $1,456,000,000, or only
11.7 per cent of the whole. If we had car
ried in 1895 the same percentage that we
carried in 1845, fifty years before, the
value of goods carried in American ships
would have been $1,176,360,000. This
shows a loss in value handled by Ameri
cans of $1,005,860,000 in one year.
The drain thus made upon our resources
by the cost of importing and exporting in
foreign ships is enormous, ln a recent
address at a conference of shipbuilders
and shipowners in Washington Charles
H. CramD estimated that we pay about
$150,000,000 a year in gold chiefly to tbe
English for carrying on our foreign com
merce for us. This foreign tribute is one
of the worst which is imposed upon
American industry, for it carries out
money for which we get no goods in re
turn. It has been going on as an ever
increasing* burden for upward of fifty
years and it is certainly full time that it
should be stopped.
The American Economist very strikingly
•ays that as a result of this loss of the
ocean carrying trade on our part and its
gain by England "the true boundary line
of England is at New York and San Fran
cisco and every port of entry on the At
lantic and Pacific Ocean. English ships
convey nearly every bushel of wheat ex
ported from Oregon and California; Eng
lish ships carry an exceedingly large per
centage of all American exports from At
lantic ports. Wherever American products
are transferred to a ship carrying an Eng
| lish flag there the dominion of the Repub
lic ends and there the jurisdiction of Eng
l land begin"."
The people of the Pacific Coast, and par
ticularly those of San Francisco, have
abundant reason for cordially supporting
the Eastern movement for the revival of
our merchant marine. We have fully as
much, and possibly even more, to gain
from success in the work than have the
people of the East. Any measure, there
fore, which promises a prompt upbuilding
of our shipping interests can count upon
tne support or the Pacific Coast and the
votes of at least all of the Republicans in
our Congressional delegation.
THE FLOOD OF IMPOSTS.
Events attending the revision of the
tariff afford another illustration of the old
familiar maxim, "No one can make an
omelette without breaking eggs." Whiio
Congress is deliberating on the new sched
ules to be adopted the importers are busy
in bringing in foreign goods under the ex
isting duties so as to obtain the advantage
which will accrue when the duties are
raised.
Reports from our special correspondent
at Washington published yesterday are to
the effect that the statistics of the Treas
ury Department justify the conclusion
that foreign goods are being brought into
the country so rapidly there is likely to be
nearly a year's supply on hand when the
new tariff goes into effect. The retroac
tive clause of the bill adopted by the
House seems to have had little or no effect
on the imports, as the importers have
reached the conclusion that either it will
be stricken out by the Senate or else be
declared invalid by the courts. At any
rate, they are acting in the belief that if
the clause proves to be inoperative they
will gain by making their importations
now, and if it should be sustained they
will not lose much by going ahead in
stead of waiting until after the bill is en
acted.
As a result of these conditions the im
portations for April have been phenome
nally large. The total imports last
August amounted to less than $50,000,000.
In December they rose to $59,000,000, while
for the last month they reached the great
' sum of $50,000,000. It is also noted that
the increase has been particularly largo in
non-dutiable articles, showing that the
importers are taking every advantage of
the free list of the Wilson tariff in order
to obtain large profits when the protective
measure comes into force.
This increasing flood of imports very
naturally causes uneasiness in commer
cial and industrial circles, and will un
doubtedly have a bad effect upon the
country for some time to come. It will
largely counteract the good effects of pro
tection for many months, possibly for a
whole year, and prevent American pro
ducers from receiving the full benefit the
measure is intended to provide. In spite
of all this, however, it would be unfair to
accuse the Senate of any undue delay In
enacting the bill. A tariff, if it is to be
equally beneficial as a revenue bill and as
a protective measure, dealing equally with
all the diverse interests of the country,
must be carefully and deliberately con
sidered.
The West has important interests which
were not fully protected in the bill as it
passed the House, and we must look to
the Senate to protect them. This we
have every reason to believe the Senate
will do. and bad as may be the effects of
the large importations from abroad it
would be better to stand them for a time
and perfect a good tariff bill rather than
to make undue haste and impose upon
the country a measure which wonld be in
adequate to its permanent welfare. We !
can never have rest from tariff legislation
and trade disturbances until that legisla- !
tion has been settled by being settled \
right, and any deliberation necessary. to
that end will not bo on the whole dis
advantageous to the people. .'•
IN GOOD HANDS.
The net results of tbe Pure-Food Con
gress in this City were the manifestation
of an earnest public sentiment in favor of
preventing the sale of adulterated foods
and an arrangement for organizing the
work by entrusting it to the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association and to
the various Boards of Health throughout
the State. These results amply justified
the assembling of the convention and
afford a basis for believing that the cru
sade for pure food will be conducted to a
speedy success. * */*:-.*:
The various addresses delivered before
the convention clearly prove the evils
which adulterations do to our trade as
well as to the health of our people. With
that evidence to work upon it ought not
to be difficult to awaken the attention
even of citizens who have hitherto been
indifferent to the subject, and convince
them that it ia to then interest and wel
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1897.
fare to give support to those who are
actively engaged in the difficult task of
suppressing the wrong.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation has been so successful in nil other
work it has undertaken that the public
can look forward with hopefulness for suc
cess in the new enterprise. It will have
strong and potent allies in the Boards of
Health, for these also have shown in many
instances their value to the communities
in which they work and their efficiency in
the performance of the duties entrusted
to them. J;'ir_ '-J'J
While it is satisfying to know that the
work has been thu3 entrusted to safe
hands, this satisfaction should not lead
either the press or the public to neglect
the subject or cease to give it close atten
tion. In the very nature of things neither
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation nor the Boards of Health can ac
complish mucb/unless they are supported
by resolute public opinion. The work so
fairly begun should be prosecuted vigor
ously to the end, even if it should be
necessary to follow the example of the
New York Dairymen's Association and
appeal to Congress for assistance in pro
tecting California brands when once those
brands have been made guarantees of
pure food in every package on which they
are placed. 'J'r'yyyJyJ'JJj
LOCAL HISTORY.
Considerable attention is being given in
the East to a local history which has been
prepared in Brookline, Mass., for introduc
tion into the public schools of that city.
The object of the book is to maKe the
children acquainted With the munici
pality and to interest them in all its fea
tures, scientific, historical and political. -
From accounts given in the Boston pa
pers, it appears that the local history be
gins with an account of the geography of
tne city of Brookline and its relation to
other important centers of the State.
! Next the geology of the town is treated
and information is given concerning the
processes of the formation of its soil. This
is followed by a description of the natural
flora and fauna of the surrounding dis
tricts, so that the child is made acquainted
with the general characteristics of his
locality and its natural productions.
After the scientific chapters of the book
the history of tho town is taken up and
an account is given of its foundation and
development, and also of all old and note
worthy buildings which it possesses.
Along with these is a record of services
rendered to the community by distin
guished citizens, and brief biographies of
ihose men of the community who at
tained a National eminence.
All this serves to prepare the way for
an exposition of the method by which the
town is governed in ali its departments.
Children in the public schools are taught
how elections are held, officers selected,
and all public work performed. The in
formation is, of course, of direct advantage
in training them for their future duties as
citizens and forms a good groundwork on
[ which to base in further studies a knowl
! edge of the general history of the United
States and its constitution.
So warmly has the Brookline experi
ment been commended that it is almost
certain similar courses, of instruction in
local history will soon be adopted in other
cities of the East. While it is generally
recoenized that our public schools are
being overburdened with studies, yet it is
believed they might well adopt the study
of local history even if some other
were crowded out to make way for it.
There can be no question of the value of
such instruction to the youth of American
cities, and the subject merits consideration
in San Francisco as well as in the East.
"GREAT B.G tLUFFS"
I know a man who drives a team
i bat's much too tine for me,
Whose wife wears gorgeous robes and shines
In hlzh society;
And, though they occupy a house
That's filled with costly stuff,
Someday there'll be a crash because
It's all a
great
big
bluff!
1 know another who contrives
To make men stand In awe—
Who, what he lacks in brow, make up
In wind anil brass and Jaw !
Wi'h elbows crooked he gains the front—
'1 he scheme is plain enough—
And any one can work it who
Puts up a
great
big
bluff!
The world is full of people who
Seem just to float along—
Who i"em to rUe up In a day
A nd soar above the throng:
But, nestle reader, you must know,
If you are up to snuff,
That with but one la ten of them
It's uot a
great
big
bluff!
Don't be too envious of the man
Who seems to spurt away
And leave you in tbe rear to plod
Along from day to day.
He'll surely find somewhere ahead
A road that's steep and rough—
A road whereon is strewn the wreck
Of many aJI ? *.* '*:. ** *
great
big
bluff!
—Cleveland Leader.
PALACE CARS DECAYING.
Philadelphia Record.
On a railroad siding 'our miles above Holli
daysburg stand thirty-two Pullman palace
cars, closely guarded day and night by watch
men whose only duty is to see that no one
interferes with the process of decay and des
poliation which the elements have inaugu
rated. The cars are the property of the Penn
rylvanla Railroad Company and represent an
outlay oi about $400,000. These handsome
coaches have been dragged through the slow
and tortuous process , of litigation for over
five years. Both the railroad and the Pullman
Company have claims on the cars, and until a
final decision is rendered in the courts these
magniflcent vehicles of travel by rail are left
to rot and crumble in the open air, exposed to
all kinds of weather, and will soon ba unfit for
any use except kindling wood and old scrap
iron. __________________ jJJ.-J--.-
Willi YOUR COFFEE-.
"What's a fishing rod?"
"It's a handsome jointed arrangement your
father holds out over the water." . ".<.';;'.
"What's a fishing pole?" ii.' i rj^;J
"It's a long wooden stick your Uncle Bill
catches fish with."— Chicago Becord.
"Do you think he's worthy of our daughter?"
asked the old gentleman, doubtfully. '*'.•.' r'-'i'v
"Worthy!" exclaimed Mrs. Bloomer, as if
astonished at the question, "why, be has a
record of twenty-six century runs."— Chicago
Post.
"What became of that Samuels girl that
Pottersby was flirting with last summer
"Yon mean the girl that Pottersby thought
he was flirting with? She married him."—
Bits. . ; *p.*X'-::- -• .v;"*i. \ 'T .
"Hey!" shouted the policeman, as the
scorcher whizzed -by and failed to slow up at
the corner, "ain't you riding rather more than
eight miles an hour, young man?"
"Don't know," howled the scorcher over his
shoulder, "I havn't ridden an hour yet."—Cin
cinnati Commercial-Tribune. Jy
* "How does it happen you give only about
half as big a glass of beer for 5 cents as they
do At the saloon round the corner?"
"We cater only to the better class of cus
tomers. We don't want the fellows coming
here who make beer tubs of themselves." ,
"That's a good idea. There Is something in
that. * * * Give me another glass ol beer.
—Chicago Tribune. .'TI'JJAJJJJJ',
"I suppose if you had enough money you
would retire." *■-* .:
"On the contrary, if I had enough money I'd
stay up all nlgbu"— Boaton Transcript, |
PERSONAL.
D. C. E. Read of Petaiuma ls at the Grand.
Judge J. R. Lewis oi San Jose is on a visit
here. ".** •
''* J. F. Daly and E. G. Pluke, of Eureka, are In
town.
J. H. Peters, a merchant of Yreka, is at the
Grand. :"*~-!~ v;
J. T. McCall, a mine-owner of Forest Hill, is
in town.
C. A. Rice, an attorney of Santa Cruz, is in
the City. 'J' J-J ?.£••£ j*?
The Rev. C. Ben Ham of Napa is at the Oc
cidental. ,
M. H. Newman, a merchant of Los Angeles,
is in town.
J. H. Whittock of Quincy, Cal., is a recent
arrival here.
C. S. Hardy, an extensive grocer of San Diego,
is at the Palace.
Superior Judge C. H. Marks of Merced is
here for a brief stay.
Dr. W. L Little and W. I. Morris, of Colorado
Springs, are in the City.
J. C. Blythe, a well-to-do resident of Victo
ria, 8.C., Is in the City.
F. W. Aubert of the United States steamer
Albatross is at the Russ.
Otto C. Greger, an extensive farmer of Hum
boldt County, is in town.
L. J. Rose, the extensive land-owner of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
M. A. Yates and family of San Jose are stop
ping at the Cosmopolitan.
C. Frederick Kohl and Mrs. Kohl of San
Mateo arrived here last night.
J. R. Quintans, owner of a general store at
San Luis Obispo, is in the City.
George McMullen, proprietor of a hotel at
Fort Bragg, arrived here yesterday.
Charles W. Kltts, a business man and mine
owner of Grass Valley, is at the Lick.
Martin Winch, a wealthy grower of flne
horses, of Portland, Or., is in the City.
James Durkln, a prominent business man of
Sonora, is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
Lieutenants. B. Babbitt of the United States
army, ana Mrs. Babbitt, are at the Palace.
D. N. Weir-Loudon, a mining man of Modoc
County, was among the arrivals here yester
day.
H. A. Preston, the mining man, of James
town, Tuolumne County, is here for a few
days.
L. Roper of England is registered at the
Russ. He is on mining business, so it is
stated.
E. B. Fraser, president of the Farmers* and
Merchants' Bank at Stockton, is at the Occi
dental.
F. D. Read and L. A. Kaiser, of the United
States steamer Monadnock, are at the Occi
dental.
J. A. Longwortb, a business man of Golcon
da; Nev., is here for a stay of a week. He is at
the Lick.
C. 8. Remer, a wealthy business man who
owns a large general store at Davis Creek, is at
the Russ.
Charles C. Mclver, the vine-grower and
manufacturer, of Mission San Jose, is here
a brief visit.
! S. H. Blinn, an extensive lumber dealer of
| Los Angeles, arrived here yestereay. He is on
a business trip.
The Misse** Moran. Gilchrist and Matthews,
of the De Wolff-Hopper Company, are at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Senator J. H. Seawell of Ukiah is one of the
arrivals in the City, and is malting his head
quarters at the Grand.
District Attorney Hartman White of Fresno,
who has been in the City for the last day or
two, left for home yesterday.
Mrs. Ada Libby, who has been ln this City
for some time, has gone for the summer to her
country home near Santa Cruz.
Charles S. Hlnchman, a wealthy iron-manu
facturer of Philadelphia, is at the Palace, ac
companied by Mrs. Hlnchman.
Adolph Fleishman of the well-known whole
sale fruit and produce firm, Loeb, Fleishman
& Co., is paying the City a visit.
Judge and Mrs. Stanley, accompanied by
Miss Lou Harvey, left yesterday for Riverdale
Napa County, for a summer trip.
William Crocker and Prince Poniatowski,
accompanied by several friends, left here Sat
urday on an extended tour of Europe.
C. T. Bliss, one of the leading owners in the
Bliss Lumber Company of Carson, Nev., ar
rived here yesterday. He is at the Palace.
Superior Judge C. E. McLaughlin of Plumas
County, whose home is at Quincy, is a vis
itor here. He arrived yesterday and is at the
Russ.
Lieutenant E. Webber, chief engineer of
the United States revenue cutter Hartley, has
been ordered to the cutter Chandler, now in
New York harbor.
Ex-Congressman W. A. Piper, who for sev
eral weeks past has been at Paso Robles for his
health, returned here last night and is at
the Palace. He says the stay at the springs
has improved hira. .*;: 'J.J
Mr. and Mrs. Cleveland H. Dodge, four chil
dren and Miss E. H. Kerr of New York, who
have been on a pleasure trip through Califor
nia, are at the Palace.
De Wolff Hopper and Mrs. Hopper, of the De
Wolff Hopper Opera Company, and B. D.
Stevens, manager of the company, and Mrs.
Stevens, are at the Grand.
Thomas F. Van Vloten and Mrs. Van Vloten
of Java, where Mr. Van Vloten is interested
in merchandising and other enterprises, are
recent arrivals in the City.
Thomas Graves, a wealthy landholder and
large farmer of Salinas, is at the Rnss. He is
interested in a case in the State Supreme
Court, and is accompanied by Mr. Kearney,
his attorney. Jr.'Jyr y^JJ-Jj. f J2j J JjJJJ.
Edward Holmes, who won first mention in
the Fine Arts Society in competition far arch
itectural designs in New York a few days ago,
is the son of E. B. Holmes, the mining secre
tary, well know In this City.
Victor L. Duboce, lieutenant-colonel of the
First infantry Regiment, N. G. C, is able to
be on the street again,' although traveling
about on crutches. Mr. Duboce wrenched his
knee ten days ago while out yachting.
Charles 8. Hamlin of Washington, D. C, the
United Btates Seal . Commissioner, who has
been here for over a week past conferring
with President David S.J or lan, left for the
East last night by way of Los, Angeles. He
visited the Stanford University while here and
saw the various places of interest that lie had
overlooked in his brief trip two years ago.
H. M. Newcomb, Mayo: of Silver City, New
Mexico, and owner of .large ; merchandising
and real estate Interests there, Is at the Pal
ace. Mr. Newcomb has held the oflice of Mayor
for fifteen years. He is the owner ol a num
ber of stores and residences in the town which
now has about 2000 people, and is a very im
portant frontier trading place. Mr. Newcomb
is accompanied by D. C. Hobart, / a mining
man of Silver City. They will probably be
here for several days.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. f V., May 3.'— At the St.
Cloud, H. Vandoesburgh; Bartholdl, G. M.
Pinney; Murray Hill, J. P. Newman and E. H.
li land Jr.; Hoffman, A.D.Harrison; As
tor, G. Granucci aud L. Brizzolara; Colonnade,
J. S. Fegley; Imperial, J. Dolbur and Miss B.
Dolbur; St. Denis, Miss H. F. Coleman; Hol
land, Miss Crockett and Mr. and Mrs. R. J.
Wilson. Peter J. Donahue left the St. Cloud
and sailed on the Umbria for Liverpool. Mr.
and Mrs. Peter Dollhopf, William Mackie, Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph Sladky and Baron Friedrich
yon Sedlitz arrived from Bremen on the
Trave.
HOTELS IN GREECE.
Professor Oiildorsleeve ln Atlantic Monthly.
In Greece the hotels of the Interior follow
one general , type— the Italian. There is no
common sitting-room. Why should there be?
There is no office, but that doss not seem to
Interfere with the presentation of the bills.
The ground floor is given up to a cafe or res
taurant. if the Innkeeper goes into that line of
Dusiness. Very often, however, the master of
the Apollo has .only rooms to let. The sleep
ing apartments on the floor above are often
approached by an outside stairway, and, as Is
to be expected in a southern climate, they are
scantily furnished. Overfurnisaing is a vice
anywhere. Under a southern sky it ii a crime.
of which the Greeks are not guilt v. • There * is
; usually ft mirror, tbousb tbat tribute of bu- j
man vanity, is sometimes lacking, and, like
the Turk, the solitary Turkish towel bears no
broth near his throne. The bedstead is in
variably of iron. As in primitive United
Stales within my -memory, single rooms are
rare. Two, three, four, five beds are put fn
one room or strung along the corridors. A
fastidious person who . desires to occupy a
room alone has to pay for all the beds therein.
In some places special charges are made for
sleeping in the daytime," and there is a fixed
rate for sleeping on the floor.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
The Next Session of the Grand Lodge
of the Knights of Pythias
at Hanford.
Grand Keeper of Records and Seals H. Schaff
ncr of the Knights of Pythias visited Hanford
recently on business connected' with the
Grand Lodge convention. He also visited
Tulare and Visalia.
The Grand Lodge convention will be held at
Hanford, beginning on Monday, May 17, at
8 r. m., unless some unforeseen exigency
shall arise in the meanwhile.
Tents will be pitched for the Uniform Rank
at Hanlord. The camp will be under the com
mand of Captain R. W. Musgrave. Over 130
tents will be pitched, making ample provision
for all who desire to pass their nights under
canvas.
Stockton and Santa Rosa are both aspirants
for the place of holding the Grend Lodee con
vention of 1898. Section 319, Civil Code, pro
vides that "the meetings of "the stockholders
(or members) and board of directors of a cor
poration must be held at its office or principal
place of business."
Supreme Chancellor P. T. Colegrove of Hast
ings, Mich., will be an attendant at the Grand
Lodge convention. * ,
Bay city .Lodge No. 117 hadfour candidates
for the knight rank at last meeting.
Excelsior Lodge No. 12 has been busy re
cently conferring ranks on applicants. At a
recent convention four were given the knight
rank and several applications were awaiting
action. ~ ' *', •'
Inyo Lodgo No. 206 was instituted at Bishop,
Cal., by James Glenn of Bodie as instituting
officer, on April 21 last, with the following
named officers : J. Morris, C. C. ; 8. E. Ver
milyea. V. C; W. A. Chalfant, P.; C. E. Dor
rance, M. of E.; C. C. luman. M. of F. ; E. B.
Green. K. of R. & EL; B. H. Yaney, M. at A.;
W. L. Smith, I. G., and J. B. Usher, O. G. E. B.
Green was elected as grand representative,
with 11. P. Nelligan as alternate.
Grand Chancellor C. F. McGlashan has been
busy visiting lodges In the southern part of
the domain, closing his tour oi. May 1 at Te
hachapi. At every point he has been greeted
with large attendances.
Visalia is contemplating the organization of
a company of tho Uniform Rank. Also Jack
son, Amador County.
Duroc Lodge No. 50 of Woodbridge has
added eleven new members since January 1.
The proposed new lodge at Exeter, Tulare
County, will be organized shortly.
A lodge is in process of organization at Oro
ville. .
Alcalde Parlor, W. S. O. W.
There was a large number of the Native
Sons of the Golden West in the banquat hall
of the Native Sons' building last night to en
joy the smoking-bee and entertainment that
had been prepared by Alcalde Parlor, through
its committee on entertainment, O. H.Fergu
son, R. 11. Adams, L. E. Derre, John Staude
and A. Rahwyler. The programme, which in
cluded some very good amateur talent, in
cluded songs by William Fenstermacher and
Messrs. Frank Cam*. Lynch, Kurtz, McQuane
and Thomas; a vocal duet by the Staude
brothers; a piano solo by Prolessor Reifen
dorf *, instrumental duet by Messrs. Qulnn and
Patten; specialties by Kelly ana Marlowe;
recitations by Messrs. Feeney and Williams,
and exhibitions of the manly art of self-de
fense by the Murphy brothers and Gibson and
Conlan.
The instrumental music was good, there
were some good voices among the vocalists
and the boxing contests were interesting and
animated, In this, that the men went to work
in a scientific manner, but at the same time
took and gave b:ows in the most approved
style. The plaudits of the onlookers gave
proof that that part of the entertainment was
nugely enjoyed. Luring the evening the
members fit Alcalde served up a fine repast,
handed out amber-colored refreshments and
pipes and tobacco in plenty.
The members of the parlor will picnic in
Sunset Part in the Santa Cruz Mountains on
Sunday next, and a line day and a line time are
expected. '
Golden Gate Lodge, K. of P.
An event in I'vthian circles last Saturday
night was the entertainment and hop given in
Pythian Castle by Golden Gate Lodge No. 3,
K. of I. The hall presented a pretty appear
ance filled as it was with brave knights and
pretty ones of the fair sex, particularly so
when many couples were moving in the dance.
In the early part of the evening there was pre
sented a programme that had been prepared
by the entertainment committee, consisting of
F. G. W. Morosco (chairman . and master of
ceremonies), B. Scheff, Adolph Oppenheimer
and F. G. McCready. This included a piano
duet by Maud Wighun and Ella Woads, recita
tion by Mrs. Repperden of Onkland; a dia
logue, "Fast Friends," by Misses Place and
Thompson, Irish impersonations by W. Mc-
Donald and Bert Wldden of the Oakland The
atre, mandolin and guitar trio by Professor
Palmer. Miss Lillian Hilty and William Hentz,
vocal duet, Miss Belle and Lincoln Pierce, and
German comic song, Mr. McDonald.
The ladies of the three local temples of the
Rathbone Sisters assisted the knights in dis
pensing hospitalities mi the banquet hall and
attending to the comfort of those who attended
this function. 'J-y-.-J;'
Excelsior Circle, C. of F., F. O. A.
Excelsior Circle No. 2, Companions of the
Forest, Foresters of America, celebrated its
twelfth anniversary by a grand ball in Union
square Hall Saturday night. As this circle is
the oldest in the jurisdiction and has the
largest membership it has a large number ol
friends, consequently there was a goodly at
tendance of young people to enjoy themselves
by dancing and of people of more advanced
years to watch the younger ones and think of
the time wnen they took pleasure. in tripping
as they went on tne light fantastic toe. There
was excellent music for the following pro
gramme: March, "Colonel Parsons"; waltz,
"La Castle-liana" ; schottische, : "Autumn
Days"; lancers, "Grande Duchesse"; polka,
"Nadjy"; waltz, "Daughter of Love"; _orke,
"Moonlight at Del Monte"; schottische, "Dar
kies' Pastime" ; plain quadrille, "Summer
Campaien"; waitz, "Moonlight on the
Hudson"; polka, "Athalie"; Spanish dance,
by Zimmerman; Berlin, "The Original";
medley, "Warren's Latest."
The reception committee was: Mrs. "M. A.
Duke, J. J. Cordy. Mr. Johansen. Mrs. Wilson,
Mrs. Howell, Mollie Perkins, Mr. Fries, Miss
Locker and Miss Lena Wishman; floor man
ager, Mrs. Julia Wishman; assistant, Mrs.
Anna Rasmussen, and the floor committee-
Mrs. Lena Schumacher, Miss Magnus, Mrs.
Nellie Smith, Miss May McMurrayandC.il.
French. *, U *."* •■-*-- ' '
Oshonee Tribe, Imp. O. It. M.
The members of Oshonee Tribe * No. 78, Im
proved Order of Red Men, have for some time
past been egitating the subject of a home for
aged members and in connection with it an
asylum for the children of deceased members,
and they have done much of late to bring the
matter before the tribes of the reservation of
California. Last * Saturday night the tribe
gave an entertainment and dance in Laurel
Hall, Shiels building, in aid of a fund to
build such a home and asylum and there was
a liberal response to the call for contributions
to that fund. There was presented for the en
tertainment of those present a fancy dance by
little Rosie Gold; vocal solos by Mr. Edwards,
Fanny Levy and Rosie Huffman; fancy dance
by Blanche ..Kramer; instrumental music by
G. Gardner, E. Waller, J. Clarke and E. Mas
sett; banjoism by Tommy Bree andjhis pupils,
and comic songs by the Mohr brothers. Then
followed the dance that continued until late.
The affair was well managed under the direc
tion of S. Berel, H. W. Friermuth and N. 8.
Roberts, the committee of arrangements, as
sisted by I. M. Krause, the floor manager.
*~:'.ii'.i: ■ Daughters of Liberty.
At a recent meeting of ' Martha Washington
Council No. 2, Daughters of Liberty, the fol
lowing preamble and resolutions were adopted
and ordered sent to General George G. Meade
Post, G.A.R:
Whereas, The organization known as the
Drag—tars of Liberty has for its object the peri et
uatiou of American principles, with love of coun
try based npon a true allegiance to the United
Slates, a paramount. respect for the fidelity to the
National constitution and laws, discountenancing
whatever may tend to weaken loyalty or incite to
treason or rebellion or in any way impair the per
manency of our free Institutions: »nd .
W'hk.reas, The Grand Army of the Republic
has especially aided la ': maintaining i tbe honor,
integrity and supremacy of the National Govern
ment at a critical period of our hlstery: therefore,
belt;.** . *. •■:.-.■■■■ -. ■ '* -.
Resolved, That In honoring the veterans of the
Grand Army Of the J'.epnb ie we are assisting In
perpetuating tha grand principles of our Govern- '
ment and oar order, and ••
Resolved. That we particularly desire to com
memorate the heroic deeds of our veterans by the I
observance of Memorial day, and when needed,
assist, in keeping green the graves of oar fallen
heroes, believing tha-. they are worthy of especial
honor*, while we shall revere their memory above
all others, ever holding them- in grateful remem
brance for the sacrifices they lv common have ,
made. . . K. E. Eowlky, Councilor.
" Blanche It. Smith. Secretary. * * ' y ry.':-..-
The fact. is. noted that, with Mmo. Hlrsch's
$1,800,000, the total amount of tbe Hirsch
charuiea Is $14,300,000,
MARSHAL TOWE
AS A SPRINTER
He Is Outrun by Lee John,
a Chinese Incen
diary.
Polios and C tizsns Jcin in the
Chase, but Without
Success. •»
The Chinese Sat Fire to a Lodging-
Hcnse Where he Lived, at
gig Cay Stree*.
It is seldom that a Chinese can be ac
cused of incendiarism, but Fire Marshal
Towe has on hand a case at present and
yesterday he chased and nearly captured
the firebug. ]■'■ JrJ_
Friday night, shortly before 10 o'clock,
there was a still alarm for a fire in a two
story frame building, 919 Clay street,
owned by the Luning estate, and occupied
by Urbin Husson as a lodging-house.
Mrs. Husson was the first to discover the
.fire, being awakened from her sleep by the
smoKe. It was in a room occupied by
John L**e, alias Lee John, alias Lee Law,
a Chinese, and his wife. She told her hus
band, and he succeeded in extinguishing
the flames.
A lot of empty boxes had been piled in
a corner of the room and saturated with
coal oil, and a gallon can of oil with the
top off had been placed on top of tho
boxes, which had been set on Are.
The case was reported to the Fire Mar
shal yesterday morning, and on going to
the house he learned that Lee had insured
the clothing and furniture in the room on
April 8 for |300. The furniture belonged
to tb c landlord and last Tuesday Lee's
wife took away all the clothing, Lee tell
ing the landlady tbat bis wife was going
away on a visit to tbe country. All that
was left was two hats and an empty
trunk.
Lee continued to sleep there, and as he
owed $3 for a month's rent, tbe landlady,
Friday evening, asked him for the money,
and he gave her $1 on account. As soon
as the family retired to bed, Lee, it is sup
posed, piled up the boxes, saturated them
with coal oil, set fire to the pile and then
quietly slipped out. He did not return to
the house.
The landlady was not insured and the
Fire Marshal estimates ber loss at $75 and
th*.' loss to the building at $50. If the fire
bad not been discovered in time the prob
ability is that three grown-up persons
and a baby who were asleep in tee upper
story might have perished, as tne flames
from Lee's room would have cut off the
only means of escape by the stairs.
The Fire Marshal went to the insurance
company and arianged with them that if
Lee called to present bis claim they were
to tell him to go to the house at 1 o'clock.
Lee called at the oflice and was told to go
to the house, wbere the Fire Marshal was
waiting for him.
'i tie Fire Marshal questioned him and
he gave evasive answers. Finally he ran
downstairs and the Fire Marshalstarted
after him. Lee bolted down Clay street,,
hotly pursued by the Fire Marshal, and a
crowd quickly gathered and joined in the
chase. Someone blew a police whistle
and policemen came running from dif
ferent directions and also joined in the
chase.
When Lee reached the corner of Dupont
street he dodeed into a doorway and ran
swiftly upstairs. The Fire Marshal and
police followed, but although they
searched the building from top to bot
tom Lee could not be found. It was sup
posed he had got on to the roof through a
skylight and bad disappeared into an
other building.
Lee is well known in Chinatown, and
the police say it is only a question of
time when he will be captured. He and
his wife claimed to belong to the Chinese
Methodist mission on Washington street,
and they worked that for all it wa3 worth.
He was arrested about a month ago for
selling lottery tickets, but the case was
dismissed.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
The Oregon— N. N., City. The United States
warship Oregon was launched October 26, 1893.
To Laundry Farm— S., City. There is a good
road for bicycles irom Broadway and Seventh
street to Laundry Farm in Alameda County.
Start from the thoroughfare named, ride along
Broadway to Twelfth, along Twelfth until the
county road is reached near Fruitvaie, and
take the road that leads to the farm.
Marriage and Divorce— G. F., Sacramento,
Cal. If parties divorced in California after
April 26 want to marry on the high sea they
can do so, providing the ceremony is per
formed by one who Js authorized to solemnize;
but if married by the master of a vessel it is
doubtful if such a marriage would bo valid, as
there is no law that authorizes a master of a
vessel to solemnize marriage. If the parties
went to the State of Nevada they would have
to reside in the State six months.
Ducks and Drakes— Jones and Brown, City.
To make ducks and drakes with one's money
or property of others is an allusion to a game
played by boys, who take oyster-shells or flat
stones and throw them horizontally along the
surface of apiece of water in such a manner
that the missiles skim along the surface, touch
ing It many times and again emerging. The
hrst time the stone emerges it is a "duck,", the
second a "drake," and so on, according to the
old doggerel:
A duck and a drake,
- ■ And a halfpenny cake,
i. . And a penny to pay the baker.
The meaning in the case of money is that the
spendthrift metapaorically uses coins as the
boys use stone to make ducks and drakes. As
applied to property of another which one has
in his keepiug it means that by being careless
in the handling of it he lets it pass from him
as the boys do the stones when playing the
game described. -
Naturalization Laws and Chinese— Dr. C.
City. By section 14, chapter 126, of the law of
1882, the naturalization of Chinese is ex
pressly prohibited. The following is an ab
stract of the naturalization taws of the United
States : y. >; •■' ryy-j-J
Declaration of Intention— An alien seek
ing naturalization as a citizen of the United States
must declare on oath before a Circuit or District
Court of the Unite i States, or a District or Su
preme Court of the Territories, or a court of record
of any of the Slates having common law jurisdic
tion and • seal aud a clerk, at leas: two years be
fore hit admission that it ls. bona fide, his inten
tion to become a citizen of the United states, and
to renounce forever all allegiance and fidelity io
any foreign slate or ruler, and particularly to the
on *> of which .he may be at the time a citizen or
subject.
Oath on Application tor admission— At
the time of bis application for admission he must
also declare on oath, before some of the courts
aoove specified, "that he will support the consti-'
tulion of the United States, and that he absolutely
and entirely renounces and abjures all allegiance
and fidelity to every foreign prince, potentate,
state or sovereignty, and particularly, by-name,
to the prince, potentate, stale or sovereignty of
which he ws« before a citizen or subject."
Conditions of citizenship -It -must appear
to the ' satisfaction of the court to which the alien
has app led for final admission tbat tie has resided
continuously within the United states for at leas:
five years, and in the State or Territory where the
court ls held at least one year, m d'that during
that time "he has behaved as a man of good moral
character, attached to the principles of ihe consti
tution of the United States, and weil disposed to
i the good order and nnppln-ss of the same." *■■.•*
.; Titles of Nobility— lt the applicant bears
any hereditary title or belongs to any order o;
nocillty he must make an express renunciation at
the tlm« of his app ication.
Soldier -Any alien. 2l years old and upward
who has been honorably . discharged from the ar
mies of the United States may become a citizen
on hie petition without any previous declaration
of intention, provided he has resided in the United
States a t least one year previous to his application •
and ii of good moral character.
Alls una- »li»u under lhe age ol 21 who has
Jj. _!_•>,« United Stales thiee years next pre
sided In IM UDi»*° birthday and has continued
Ccdtna his twen > nat •» he makert j, ppMci
? "^mioiU citizen may, after 1.0 arrives
tlon to be »'"'''', after he i.hs resided Aye yean
".*-?■• "'-h-'o-nfled ***** including the three
with,n , I m. -Vntnorltv. be admitted a citizen; but
r ™.,« ma-c-fadeclf.raUonon.oath and Drove to
he must maKe i a ay J ha * for th „ two ye „a
thosatisfHCtionof ' j4 bona fide Intention
next preceding It "as "*- c
to become a citizen^ p ,„„ (ITI7FS -_ The
' C-UI.--RK.S or *-*™» lji(Vl . been duly nat-
Chi r^' k_.,P p under -i at tho time of the nat
uralized. Bel, f "■''*" *£„.-. shall. If dwelling in
S^-SSbS of te be Mwidered as citizens.
the United Blew* uj-v lh A _ROAD-The
citizens c , :;,'„-, now are or have been
children of P*«"M "tates are cousidered
citizens of the un"*-- born out of the
as citizen*, though tiny «"-,-_„,,„ Bm# 
limits and i' ir ' 'f on ' obai.izw. Citize>s-
PROTECTIOX Oj -NATUK a b(atme3 of .„
section -'000 of 'to '- e dec ros that all nal .
United Statvs «P{****H £„ „ States: while In
urallzed citizens of £*..{£*£ an shall receive
foreign countries are 11 '";; protection of per
irom this «*» VP «™«" t^ c "corded to native - bortt
son and nroperty whitn is -*•*»•
citizens ' i,.crmni*-The right to vote
THItBMKX o Sl * t r ß^ AO vu K tttnral i Z at,o-t by the
is conferred oy ,*-&« ""?'eta tM aliens who have
Unltea states. J^Steuxuas
declared their ™*g»™ l¥^ltoßclSzo£
equally with naturalize u» apply to the
But the Federal naturalization la^ap^io jne
who c Union alike, "d^ I *^^. ex?Spt an
Iz»d until after flje jean >■ e-t
honorably «>* » r^Vnr*in "- !*\! nlle ' he was under
.rents have been n^'' 1 '"?^ Ev en after five
-.1 year, of age. as above recuea ( )g
years* residence aid due natur -»
entitled to vote unles* the laws v. •_>
the pilvilege upon him. .
MEN AND WOMEN.
Nelly Farreu's Jewels were recently sold at
auction in London and brought in $11,1-3.
John Bright, though a Quaker, kept a diary
parts of which his eldest son is going to have
published. .
An engraving of George Romney's portrait
of Mrs?Multer has been sold in London for
$900, three times the amount paid to the
artist for the original.
Dr. Benjamin Eddy Cotting has just resigned
the place of curator of the Lowed Institute of
Boston after a continuous service of fifty
years. Although he is 85 years old ho is in
full possession of all his faculties.
A Yorkshire farmer named Gibson has Just
died at the age of 101 years. He shaved him
self, drank his glass of beer and his nightcap
of whisky, and smoked his pipe til a few-days
■ before his death. His father lived to be 96.
England imported $770 worth of bicycles
and exported $_ 305,000 worth during the
first three months of this year, the first year
in which account has been taken month by
month of the trade in wheels at the Custom
house. '
BUNKER HILL PARK.
The New Pleasure Ground at I-oe Gatoa
to Be the Mecca of the Liberty*.
Loving.
There was a meeting of the executive
committees of the Bunker Hill Associa
tion and the Native Sons of Vermont at
415 Sacramento street on Sunday.
Those having in charge the celebration
were William G. Badtrer, Superior Julge
Edward A. Belcher, Frank Dillingham,
Lewis A. Hayward, Dr. S. A. Roberts, S.
G. Cheever and George W. Caswell.
The important topic under considera
tion was the dedication of the new park
at Los Gatos, which will receive the name
of Bunker Hill Park on June 17, 1897.
With the aid of other large New England
societies, the Sons of Maine and the Sons
of Connecticut, tbe committee designs
that this park may henceforth become
the Mecca in California of all liberty
loving citizens. The orator selected for
this occasion is the Hon. W. S. Barnes,
son of General W. H. L. Barnes, and pres
ent District Attorney. **-»'-;•.,
A letter was read from the president of
the Sons of Grand Army Veterans stating
that their members will receive the
Bunker Hill Association and the Native
Sons of Vermont on the arrival of the
train and escort them to the grounds.
William G. Badger said that Chairman
Barrington of the Board of Education
agreed to have a resolution passed c'osinf
the public schools on the' 17th of June In
honor of the anniversary of the battle of
Bunker
The chairman of the flag and decora
tion committee was requested to call on
Mayor Phelan, and to a&k his personal in
terest in having flags and banting flung
to the breeze from ail the public buildings
on the 17th of June.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb., at Townsend's. "
» ♦ — ■»
Joseph H. Choate's wealth is estimated at
$2,000,000, all made in the practice of law.
— ♦ — • — -
Ftecial information daily to manufacturer*!,
business houses and public men by the Preis
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Mark Honking Institute of Art.
The spring exhibition is now opea dally
irom 9 a. si. to 5 p. m. and gra .d concert every
Thursday evening. *
Lady Henry Somerset is about to place in
the center of her "temperance village," Dux
hurst, in Surrey, a heroic-sized figure ol Christ.
The statue, molded by Percy Wood, represents
the Savior with hands outstretched and it is
not unlike the beautiful statue by Thorwald
sen.
The Swiftest Train In the West—
3J^ Days to Chicago or St. Louis—
. 4} a ' Days to >e*w York.
The Santa Pc Limited has dining-car, buffet
smoking-car and Pullman palace drawing-room
sleeping-cars. Leaving San Francisco at 6p. tc
Mondays and Thursdays, connection is made at
Bcrstow with this handsome train. Through cars
to Chicago, both Pullman palace drawing-room
and modern upholstered touriit* sleepers, run
daily. Tickets also said via Portland, Ogden. Los
Angeles. Demlng or Xl Paso to all points in the
United States, Canada, Mexico or Kurope. See
time table In advertising column. San rancisco
ticket ollice 644 Market street. Chronicle build
ing. Telephone Man 1531. Oakland, 1118
Broadway.
1 — > — m »
Railroad 1 ickets to the East via Rio
Grande Western and Denver and
Rio Brando Railway**,
At lowest possible rates, with through Putlmsi
buffet and tourist sleeping car service every day.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permlttiij
stop-over at Salt Lake City on a.l classes of iic_e:»
Detailed Information and tickets furnished at 14
Montgomery street, or 314 California sire****,
* -♦ — •
Om habits tend to kill the hair and turn It gray
too early. Save the color and beauty of your hair
by using Parker's Hair Balsam. r rS_
Spring Chickens are not always tender: but
Ayer's Pills enable the stomach to digest the
toughest meat.
"As I understand it," said Mrs. Willoughby
to her husband, "a pugilistic encounter Hikes
place between two men."
"That is right," replied Mr. Willoughby.
"Then why do they say that one "bests' the
other? They should say he 'betters' him.—
Louisville Courier-Journal.
MEW TO-DAT.
The Royal— White and Pnre : -i -; :
as the Driven Snow.
WK-3
POWDER
Absolutely Puro ■
ROYAL BAKINQ POWDtB CO., NEW YORK.
.'.:'-: A^ZZbui_iSj_l__S_£-. n^
TUESDAY ~ ~ MAY 4, I*-J*7
;.'• ':' AMUSEMENTS.
.- .--Baldwin Theater— "Xl Capitan."
"*''. CoiCMBiA Theater- -A Bun on the Bank."
■"'■•'.' MoßOsco's Opera- Hot -* An American
..Hero. -
.-'Alcazar Theater- "East Lynn""
■-.;•••• Tivoli Opera HorsE - shamus O'Brien."
Okfhiuk- High-Class Vaudeville.
• Oberon.— Grand Concert
' '- '.Sutro BATHS.— Bathing and Performances.
The Chutes anu skatino Kink— Dally at
... Haifc«bt street, one block east Of the Park.
■ Oakland BacxTbacb -Kaces to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
'■'■ El Cavpo— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday. *
'•:•.:.- ALCTION SALES,
-" Bt Chas. I cv; a Co— day. May 4,
'. Furniture, etc, at 1186 Market su, at 10 o'clocic.
By |\i.ia\« Ar-Tii-iN Co.— Tbis day. May 4,
**•*. Furniture, at 1171 Mission St., at 11 o'clock.
: fly -TKKi-! & t*REss\v.F.LL— This day. May 4,
_ Horses, etc., at 721-723 Howard si .at 11 o'clock.
.. By i*. H. Imi'-fs A Co.— Monday, May 10,
Heal Eastate. at 14 Montgomery St., at 12 o'clock.
- By* Easton „ i i i KiixiE. — Tuesday. May 11
B«*al Estate, a: salesrooms, 638 Market street,
" .';-'*&t I - o'clock.
' 1> X i.ir * Co. — Wednesday. May 12, Horses.
•' at. cor MarKet st. an.! Van > ess aye.. at 10 o'clock
- m ~^~~~ > *"^*"— ""^"^**T
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Wiliiam McCarty received a broken jaw at
the butchers' picnic.
• The Pan Francisco Farmers* Club met in the
Mills building last evening.
Increasing cloudiness Tuesday, with condi
tions favorable to light showers."
Rev. W. Rader was elected -president of the
Congregational Monday Club yesterday.
: . Lucy A. Reynolds has been granted a divorce
irom diaries W. Reynolds lor extreme cruelty.
1... Schubener was run into by a bicycle yes
terday morning and sustained a fracture of a
rib.
■ K. Brask has been sentenced to the County
Jail for six montns for stealing a bucket of
coal.
- Emma Cleverty's trial on a char-re of grand
larceny will take place in Judge Dunne's court
to-day.
- The High School cadets are preparing for an
exhibition drill to pay the expenses of their
annual ball.
■The Marquis cf Breadalbane. now in quar
antine at Victoria, B. C, is expected to arrive
here --hortly.
• The Methodist Episcopal Sunday-schools of
the City will give a big picnic at Los Galos
next Thursday.
. William Sinon, p. pioneer contractor and
builder, died Suuday morning at his residence,
-2013 Hyde street.
• Veragua. Daylifrht, Torsida. Colonel Wheeler,
Ostler Joe and Kenigeewere the winners at
Emeryville yesterday.
Samuel de Graaf, a private detective, who is
■wanted Jiere for grand larceny, was arrested
in Stock yesterday.
The Woman's Congress yesterday, in execu
tive session, elected officers and discussed the
Brahmacharin incident.
Fire Marshal Towe tried to capture a Chi
nese incendiary on Clay street yesterday aft
ernoon, but without success.
Superintendent of Schools Webster estimates
that 'the present school census will Enow 1500
more children than last year.
• captain Robert A. Marshall, drill instructor
of the Police Department, died at his resi
dence, 20 J 2 Franklin street, yesterday.
Dr. de Silva, M.D., a Chinese lady physician,
described the condition of women" In the
Orient to the Occidental board yesterday.
Professor Stone and the committee on ways
and means are meeting with every encourage
ment in making Lincoln day a grand success.
Superintendent of the Mint Daggett last
night lectured to a large audience at the
Academy of Sciencea on -'Indian Life in North
ern California."
Supervisor Clinton says the cut in water
rates must be a horizontal one because of the
difficulty in getting information out of the
company's books.
The* charge of cruelty to a chicken against
Miss Mary McKinney, a schoolteacher, pre
ferred by one oi her neighbors, was dismissed
by Judge Joachimsen yesterday.
J. Noonan has sued Nettie G. Loring for
$1401 75, due on a note which provides ior
interest at 1% per cent a month. The debt is
secured by a mortgage on furniture.
. Supervisor Smith Introduced a resolution at
the meeting of the board yesterday declaring
it the duty of the Board of Education to pay
the back salaries of teachers at once. j
Annie Bradley, a child hardly 2 years old, ;
fell yesterday morning in the back yard of her
home at 1313 Minna street and iractured her
skull. She was treated at the Receiving Hos
pital.
Agent Grunwaldt of the Russian Sealskin
Company is back from Russia on his way to
Kamchatka. He is accompanied by Alexis de
Prosavof, son of the Russian Counselor of
State.
The forty hours' devotion which com
menced at St. Joseph's Church, on Tenth
street, on Sunday, will close at 9 o'clock mass
this morning. The Easter music will be re- :
peated.
Reports received up to last Saturday night
from the chief fruit-producing regions of the
State indicate that apricots, prunes, peaches
and cherries will be abundant and of good
quality.
George Washington, a bootblack, fired two
shots at Charles Young, a performer at the
Midway Pluisance, last night at Tnird and
Jessie streets and was arrested for assault to
murder.
The California Iron Construction Company
has been incorporated by B. A. Withington,
James Ross, C. W. Withington, J. M. Sund
holm and W. J. Thomson, with a capital stock
of $10,000.
Edward Kline, a lad IS ayers of age, wno has
been acting as a "subject" for a hypnotic in
stitute, was arrested for vagrancy last night
on complaint of his falher, who wants to make
the boy break away from his associates.
David Goldberg, a young business man on
Seventh street, suddenly disappeared after
•making liis collections last Wednesday, leav
ing quite a number of hay and grain mer
chants to speculate as to his whereabouts.
At the meeting of the Central and Southern
Pacific Railroad Employes' Mutual Benefit
Association yesterday a new financial policy
was proposed in view of the prospetity of the
organization, but was deieated. All the old
officers were re-elected.
Theodore W. H. Durrant'tbili ot exceptions
was filed in Judge Bahrs' court yesterday.
Attorney Deuprey says this will act as a stay
of .proceedings. This" position ls negatived by
District Attorney Barnes, who declares that
the execution will take place on schedule
time.
Articles oi Incorporation of the Star of
Plumas Water and Mining Company have been
filed in tte office of County Clerk Corrv by H.
G. Greiner, F. H. Rood, Thomas Gork°n, D.
Meyer, N. Hanson, Frank Marty and William
J. Gleason, with a capital stock oi $100,000, of
which $5600 has been subscribed.
Annie Miller, charged with picking the
pocket of "a gentleman friend," was placed
on trial iv Judge Wallace's court yesterday.
After hearing the testimony the court said
'ihat no case bad been made out by the prose
cution and the jurors returned a verdict of
acquittal witbout leaving the box.
Lawyer George A. Knieht created quite a
stir in the Fair-Craven trial yesterday by de
manding the right to exercise his lungs In be
half of the plaintiffs, thus Indicating that all
is not harmony among the attorneys who are
fighting Mrs. Craven. The privilege was at
first denied him by the court, but afteiward
granted. Valet Clarke occupied the stand
during most of the day, under cross-examina
tion. The fact that the local police have been
taking sides in this civil proceeding was
brought out stronger than ever during this
session. :.V
NEW TO-DAT.
In Tirelessly Waging
of life the nerves are _ .
the worst sufferers, Tni-* r_*3 -"fif-
Dr. Miles' New Sys- LB,C DO LUC
tern of restorative Remedies have sustained
many weary men and women when physical
"and mental exhaastion seemed imminent.
.When the brain is all in a whirl, when the
dead, oppressive pain at the base of brain is
almost unbearable, or when the eyes are
fairly dancing from shooting neuralgic agony
... —^ »•■•* « across the forehead
lip J -£-■!_ from temple to tern-
Mi • ITIII-C3 p ie get _ bottle of
Sold by all druggists . m
on guarantee to ben- I _-. -«<. ,-~ _-.
eflt. Bonk on heart I^JGrVlllC
and nerves sent free.
-. ■DR. My Eg MEDICAL CO.. Elkhart. Ind.. j
HER MAINMAST
IS HER FUNNEL
Missionary Vessel Morning
Star Is Queerly
Rigged.
She Made a Very Peculiar Show
ing in tbe Bay Last
Sunday Morning.
Miss Daisy Towd Braved the Farallon
Breakers in Order to Board
the Gracie S.
The missionary barkentine Morning
Star is a curio. When here six years ago
she was the one attraction of the water
iront and her auxiliary screw was a con
tinual source of wonder. The screw was
always in evidence, bnt no smokestack
could ever be seen. Still the barkentine
can always make from four to five knots
in a calm, but just how she makes it has
been a mystery to many of the natives in
the southern seas.
The mainmast of the missionary vessel
is hollow as far as the truck and it serves
as the funnel. i
When the barkentine was bucking the
tide yesterday, with all her sails furled
and the smoke pouring out of the main
roast she presented a peculiar appearance.
Many of the boatmen insisted that she
was on fire, but as soon as Mike Fitzgerald
made her out he set all doubts at rest by
explaining the phenomenon.
Among the arrivals yesterday was the
British ship Afon Alaw, 133 days from
Swansea. Captain Thomas considers it a
fair passage, but it does not begin to com
pare with the record of 96 days he made
in the Merioneth. At that time John D.
Spreckels presented him with the cham
pionship flag and the Merioneth still flies
it. Captain Thomas is wedded to his new
love, however, and, according to him, a
tiner,ship than the Afon Alaw was never
launched. When rounding the Horn the
good ship had a terrible time of it. The
cargo shifted and on one occasion the ves
sel was on her beam ends. Another roll
in the trough of the sea put her on an
even keel, however, and then when a little
sail was made on the fore she gathered
way and ran into safety.
The Uiitish ship Caradoc, 119 days from
Calcutta, also made port. Sue was hove
to for three days off port, and the captain
says the norther was a very heavy one.
The old side-wheel tug Tiger, so well
known on the Sausalito freight route a
year ago, got back to port yesterday. She
started for San Francisco with a Darge in
tow, but when the gale came up she had
to cut adrift and make port alone. The
barge is now drifting around somewhere
off the coast, and the chances are that one
of the steam schooners now due from Men
docino will bring it in.
The bar is breaking, and Miss Daisy
Dowd. the "school mann" at the Faral
ions, had a rough time of it coming in on
the Gracie S. The handsome little pilot
boat had to stand on and off while Miss
Dowd was put aboard through the break
ers. Not oniy she, but the entire boat's
crew got a good ducking, and the women
lolks in particular are living in anticipa
tion of the return trip.
The members of the Grand Court of the
Foresters of America started for Marys
ville yesterday. There was a big crowd at
the 5 p. M. boat to see them off and the
expectation is that all will have a most
enjoyable time.
The schooner Mary and Ida will go out
again on another cod-fishing cruise this
week. The last venture was a success and
the captain thinks that another cruise to
Bering Sea will more than pay expenses.
The Mary and Ida docks at Hunters
Point, where a new codfishing estab
lishment has teen put up, while
the other vessels put their cargoes ashore
at California City.
John White and William Duggan were
locked np at the Harbor poiice station by
Officer John Dower yesteiday on a charge
of disturbing the peace. They got into a
conversation at the Clay-street landing
and Duggan invited White across the
street to have a beer. During the conver
sation White put down & quarter and Dug
gan, picking no the change, put it in his
pocket. A row followed, names were
called, blows were struck and now both
men must answer to a charge of disturb
ing "he peace.
Officer John Aitken of the harbor police
is the ''peddlers' terror." Hardiy a day
passes but tbat he runs in one or more of
the "gentry," and invariably secures a
conviction. Many of the prisoners have
stolen goods in their possession, and as
they are returned to the owners the har
bor police have another go-d showing to
their record.
The revenue cutters will sail shortly on
their regular monthly cruise. The Cor
win will get away for Alaska to-day and
the Rush will sail to-morrow. Both cut
ters will keep a close watch over the seal
ing grounds.
Many an improvement has been intro
duced on the water front during the past
twenty years, but the man wno has saved
the State the most money during his in
cumbency and who has done more toward
making the port of San Francisco a
model for other ports in the United
States, is Howard C. Holmes, the
present chief engineer of the Board
of Harbor Commissioners. It was he
that introduced the present method
of concrete piling, and he is still perfect
ing ihe system. When the iron cylinders
were driven over the piles and the work of
filling in began, Mr. Holmes saw that the
rock went to the bottom, that the sand
came next and the cement made a top
dressing. After weeks of study he solved
the problem. The three ingredients were
mixed in a gunny-sack and sunk in a pile
at Lombard-street wharf. To-day the
mass is as solid as a rock and a sledge
hammer couldn't break it. The traces of
the gunny-sacks can be followed with a
pencil, but even when the mass of con
crete is placed at an angle the sledge can
not make any impression.
At present the donkey engine and a
"borer" are at work making at least
twenty holes eight inches in diameter in
tne flooring of the new depot. These
will connect with the water pipes and the
toilet-rooms of the structure, and consid
erable trouble is being found in making
the connection. One of the diamond
drills was lost yesterday and a delay of
over an hour resulted.
Mr. Holmes says that good progress is
being made on the depot, and if he is
satisfied, why then there is no "kick com
ing." w-
A Tea Inspector.
Robert D. Bane has beeu appointed tea in
spector under the new act of Congress. He
will remain in office until his, successor shall
have been appointed under tke civil service
system, the examination to take place on May
12. The identity of the successful candidate
will not be made known until about six weeks
afterward. Mr. Bane will not enter into com
petition. He does not want the office. It pays
only $2000 per year.
To Stop Filibustering.
The Secretary of the Treasury has notified
all the Collectors of the Ports to be on the
watch for the organization of filibustering ex
peditions and tbe fitting out of privateers
against countries ,at peace with the United
Stales. This notice had direct, reference to
Cuban affairs and applies more particularly
to the Atlantic seaboard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1897.
The Missionary Barkentine Morning Star Made Port on Sunday Morning. The Mainmast and
the Funnel Ari One and the Same Thing and the Crowd Along the Front Were
Wondering Where the Smoke Came From and How the Vessel Managed to Euck
the Ebb Tide.
NEW GALLERY FOR
PARK PICTURES.
The Commissioners Have
Decided to Add a Large
Extension.
The Walls of the Present Build
ing Are Crowded and Will
Hold No More.
Collis P. Huntington Has Donated Nine
Valuable Oil Paintings by Con
tinental Artists.
The picture gallery of the Park Museum
is full to overflowing, and tbe Commis
sioners have decided to build a large new
one adjoining the present gallery on the
south. It will he 70x30 feet, and will be
lighted from above so hs to leave all tbe
wall space available for picture-banging.
Tbe cost will be about $3000, and work
will commence on it this week. The
Commissioner** thought it would be false
economy to be refusing the offer of hand
some pictures merely because there was
no place to put them.
The present gallery has just had a large
addition to its treasures. Collis P. Hunt
ington has donated nine valuable oil
paintings from the walls of his residence.
They are all by Continental artists, and
some of the canvases are quite large.
One of tbe largest and best is called
"Recreation in Capri," by E. Sain. It
shows some youths and maidens dancing.
Another very fine one by the noted ar
tist, And. Marks, is a herd of horses on
the plain?. There is an amusing one
called 'Chastising Cupid," in which the
mischievous little god is being soundly
basted by an artery dame tiii bis month
wears a very different expression from the
smiling one usually depicted. Others
specially good are "The Burning Ship,"
by Denny, and "The Court Tailor," by
Thompson.
The Chinese merchants, Sing Fat & Co.,
have presented to the museum a very
valuable and beautiful piece of cloissonee
ware. It is a large jar worth $75. This
fine enamel work is done by hand on cop
per and takes such an immense amount of
time and labor tbat the Japanese, who
manufactured it, will soon cease to produce
it, because the time of the workmen is now
become too valuable to spend a year on a
single article.
A start has been made on the park elec
tric plant Forty men and six teams
have been beautifying the grounds around
the new bridge. A carload of bamboo
roots have been ordered to plant around
the pools. Twenty men and three teams
have been working on the road to the
south of the water-works. , . "y.
On Sunday Charles Stolen met with a
slight accident playing baseball, and S.
S. Tare of 572 Parrott building fell from
his bicycle, but was not seriously injured.
There was a large crowd at the Sutro
Baths, where a new feature on the pro
gramme was the Lnmont acrobats, who
are excellent performers.
At the Chutes tbey had a new aeronaut,
Machabee, who made an ascent which
pleased the crowd. Cavill, the Australian
swimmer, performed some diving feats.
The Chutes will be admission free every
week day in May.
A WfiONG DECISION.
Gets a Butcher a Broken Jaw at a
Picnic.
William McCarty returned from the
botchers' picnic on Sunday with a broken
jaw. He was treated at the Receiving
Hospital yesterday morning. He states
that be does not know bow be was in
jured, but facetiously remarks: "I guess
1 gave a wrong decision in some argu
ment." _
The Proprietor of the Rubs House Pub-
llcly Thanks the American Surety-
Company of New York.
I- wish hereby to publicly thank American
Surety Company of New York for the prompt
payment to me of the amountof the defalca
tion of my late bookkeeper, whoso integrity
was guaranteed by said American Surety
Company. J. S. Young, I'roprietor Russ
I House. ,: ■ __.■'■_ - ■ *
Morphine Slave and Burglar.
An unenown man was found this forenoon
hanging to a water-pipe in the dismantled
and unoccupied one-story building at 509
Davis street, formerly tenanted Dy a copper
smith and plumber. The oody was taken to
the Morgue by Deputy Coroner McCormick.
The deceased was about 5 feet 8 Inchee tall
and was very much emaciated, having the ap
pearance of a morphine fiend. He had a long
lace, black hair, hazel eye* and was clean
shaved. Ho wore a dark brown coat and vest
and blacK diagonal pauts, with black laced
shoes, sharp-toed. . On his person were found
a morphine syringe in a leather case, some
cigarettes and six skeleton key**, such as are
used by burglars only. He had hanged him
self with a white cotton shirt, torn into strips
He was not identified.
WILLIAM SINON
HAS PASSED AWAY
The Well-Known Contract
or Died Early Sunday
Morning.
He Had Reached the Ripe Old
Age of Seventy-Three
Years.
He Was a Pioneer and Constructed
Many Beautiful Buildings— The
Funeral To-Day.
William Sinon of 2015 Hyde street, an |
old and well-known resident of San Fran- j
; cisco, passed away Sunday morning at his !
residence at the ripe age of 73 years. The
i funeral will be held at the hoiifce at 10
i o'clock this morning. From there the j
body will be taken to St. Bridget's !
' Church, where services will be held. The I
j interment will be at Mount Calvary Ceme
tery.
Mr. Sinon was one of the most enter
prising citizens of this City, which is
shown by the fact that he leaves a very
large estate, much of which consists of
land and houses on the bills near by and
William Sinon, the Well-Known
Pioneer and Contractor Who
Died on Sunday Morning at
the Age of 73 Years.
surrounding his home, in which he has
lived for over thirty years.
Mr. Sinon was born in Cork, Ireland,
and came to America in 1843. He went
first to Brantford, Canada, where for a
time he served on the Board of Super
visors. At that time he was engaged in
the building and contracting business. ■>
A lew years after Mr. Sinou came to the
United States; in 1859 he decided to make
San Francisco his home.
He followed the same business here as
in Canada. Anion*** his constructions are :
residence of the Peralta family at Temes
cal, St. John's Episcopal Church in Oak
land recently d*»- troy ed by fire, the resi
dence of Robert Johnson on O'Farrell and
Leavenworth streets, the old Clay-street
bank and the power-house of the Union
street cable road.
Mr. Sinon was deeply interested in street
cable roads. He was one of the incor
porators of the first cable street railroad
companies in the world, the old Clay-street
Cable Company, whose line used to run
over the Clay-street bill from Kearny
street to Van Ness avenue. j He was one of
the seven who tested the then new system
at 4 o'clock in the morning. The others
were H. L. Davis, Joseph Button, A. S.
Hailadie, Richard Tobin, Robert Sher
wood and Fred Hamilton. The success of
that venture is now a matter of history,
and to Mr. Sinon is due much of the credit
lor the success of the enterprise.
For- the past few years Mr. Sinon has
been the president of the Investment
Building and Loan Association' of San
Francisco. He retained bis sood health
and faculties to near the last and bis de
cease came as the result of old are as much
as any other cause. He leaves a son, W.
J. Sinon, the superintendent of Station X
of the Postoffice. and a daughter, Miss
Marguerite M. Sinon.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter
Tel. Mala 19. Furniture moved reasonably.
APOLOGIES DUE
ON BOTH SIDES
That Is What the Friends
of the Bramacharin
Think.
The Incident Discussed by the
Woman's Congress in Execu
tive Session.
0 ficers Elected by the Boiy for the
Ensuing Year— Mrs. Swift
President.
At the meeting of the Woman's Con
gress, held in one of the smaller rooms of
tne Golden Gate Hall yesterday after
noon, the president, Mrs. Swift, took occa
sion to state the position of the congress,
or of its executive board and officers, with
regard to '"the Bramacharin incident" of
Saturday night. The meeting was one of
the members of the congress, the doors
being closed to all others, and to tbe mem
bers the president thought a statement
was due.
The Bramacharin had complained that
be had been insulted by ladies on the
platform; that he had been invited to
speak before the congress and, accepting
the invitation, his robe bad been Dulled
from behind while be was speaking. Mrs.
Swift said that the young man occupied a
position upon the siage where she could
and did see him ail the time be was
speaking, and she was sure — she knew —
that he was mistaken with regard to this.
If, however, he felt himself to have been
insulted in any way he had erred in not
complaining to the board, which would
have made every reparation called for, for
it wus certain tnat no slight of any kind
was intended.
She had understood, she said, that Mrs.
Wadham, a member of the congress whose
guest the Bramacharin was in this City,
knew that he felt offended, and that he
intended to give some expression of re
! sentment at tne public meeting. She said
she did not think that Mrs. Wadham had
done what tbo congress bad a right to ex
pect of her in not informing tbe board of
this intention and thus preventing a
scene. .-*.■. •".".■•'•'
At this Mrs. Wadham. who was in. the
audience, rose, sayini?, "I wish to say that
.thai is not true. While 1 knew he felt
offended I had no thought that he in
tended to refer to it."
"If you knew that he felt offended I
think you should have advised the board
of it, lor no offense was offered him, or at
least none was intended. I saw nothing
that could possibly give offense."
At this Mrs. Edward L. Wadham, Mrs.
Wadham's dau;hter-in-law, arose and
said that Mrs. Swift was not in a position
to see what had taken place, but that an
affront had been offered.
"What was it then?'' asked Mrs. Swift.
"A lady back of you and back of him,
while be, the Bramacharin, was speaking,
made a motion with her hands in view of
the audience suggestive that be should sit
down. Then Mrs. Gardener, whose ex
pressed opinions the Bramacharin was at
tacking, laughed heartily much of the
time. In view of the fact tbat the Brama
charin was there by invitation of the con
gress he felt this as an insult."
Mrs. Swift repeated that however this
might be, she knew that nothing of the
kind was intended, and that had a slight
been unintentionally given it would have
been intentionally apologized for bad
notice been given.
With this tbe incident was dropped and
the congress went about its business of
electing officers for the ensuing year.
Mrs. John F. Swift was elected presi
dent, Mr?. Lovell White was elected vice
president at large, Mrs. Van Pelt, record
ing secretary; Mrs. George T. Gaden, cor
responding secretary, and Mme. Sorbier,
treasurer.
The following were chosen to the execu
tive board: Mrs. David Starr Jordan, Mrs.
Stanford, Mrs. Austin Ferry, Mrs. Lloyd
Baldwin, Mrs. Asa Simpson and Mrs.
George Oulter.
The congress has been invited to hold
a session at Stock ton, and will probably
do • so* carrying with it some of its best
speakers. :L' : : x
In- speaking of the Bramacharin inci
dent after .be meeting yesterday. after
noon Mrs. Edward L. Wadhams said that
sbe felt tbat the Bramacharin "had been
strucK* first," and that he had made the
mistake of resenting it. She thought
apologies were due from both sides, but
that tne action of Mrs. Swift throughout
was without blame.
Cantor ***>tark Re-elected.
- A special • meeting of the Congregation
Emanu-El was held Sunday to elect a new
cantor for the Sutter-street Temple. 1 E. J.
Stark, the former cantor, was the choice of the
congregation, and as a mark of further appre
ciation bis salary was raised. He was re
elected for a term oi ihree years.
BY SINGLE TAX
OR SOCIALISM
Joseph B. Leggett Discusses
the Two Great Reform
Movements.
He Declares the Latter Has Done
Much Good, but Is Now
Doing Harm.
Gorge Speed Takes Up the Cudgels
ii Defense of Socialistic
Principles.
Joseph B. Leggett, the well-known ex
ponent of single tax, delivered a very in
teresting address in Pythian Castle Sunday
evening in which he showed from a single
tax standpoint the part that the socialists
are playing in the great economic Ques
tions of the day. He paid a hish compli
ment to the socialists, saying that they
were the first to perceive this question,
the freeing of tbe wage-earners from tbe
slavery of poverty.
Their aims and objects are laudable.
Henry George, author of "Progress and
Poverty," used to meet and exchange
views with the socialists of San Francisco,
and he endeavored to point out to them
the better parts of the system they advo
cated. Socialism has drawn to its ranks
some of the brightest minds of the worid.
However, Mr. Leggett had more than
compliment to pay to this body ol politi
cal economists, for in the remainder of
his address he reproached them for cre
ating dissensions and splits in all reform
movements. When in 1886 Henry George
ran for Mayor of New York be was sup
ported by the socialists, but a year latex
the socialists split with tbe single taxers,
who were also interested and working to
the same ends, political and economical
reform.
Tne two bodies can now never agree,
for socialism represents the principles of
collectivism, while tbe single tax stands
for individualism. In its early stages so
cialism sowed the seed for the single tax,
and that was its mission in the world.
The speaker spoke of the nationalist
party that came into existence after Bel
lamy's "Looking Backward" was such a
rage, and said that in this City the party
stood a show for victory but for a split
caused by the socialist element. He said
that such splits as these have caused many
reform movements to be failures, particu
larly in England and Australia, and that
in consequence since 189") socialism has
been going on the down hill.
In England Mr. Leggett claimed th*
single tax element has been steadily gain
ing strength and that in England and
Scotland it permeates the entire political
system.
At the end of his discourse the chair
man invited short addresses from the
audience. Among those who accepted
the invitation was George Speed, a well
known Socialist. He denied thai social
ism is on the decrease and cited ths re
cent elections in Italy, Austria and other
countries where they have obtained more
than a good foothold. He also denied
that his party is the cause of splits in re
form movements ana said that all the
cases cited by the principal speaker was
where the single taxers had unwittingly
become the allies of capitalistic political
parties. ;
PACKED TO THE DOORS.
O'Rrlen's Sacrifice Sale of New Spring
Goods Takes the Town by
Storm.
The croakers who are constantly prating
of hard times and dullness of trade must
have been astonished if they were any
where in the neighborhood of O'Brien's
mammoth dry-t?oods establishment at
Market and Jones streets yesterday, for
one of tne biggest crowds of buyers that
ever attended a sale turned out to the
opening of this popular firm's great un
loading and forcing-out sale of their
gigantic overstock of new spring goods.
But the instantaneous and overwhelm
ing success of the opening of this great
sals is not to be wondered at, occurring as
it does just at the height of the buying
season and enabling the thousands who
have not yet made their spring purchases
to supply their needs with the latest and
most thoroughly up-to-date products of
the best designers and manufacturers at
tremendous, reductions from prevailing
retail prices.
The extraordinary character of the sale
can be judged from tho fact that the
Messrs. O'Brien having nearly doubled
their usual spring importations in antici
pation of the proposed great increase
in the tariff now find themselves heavily
overstocked owing to the backwardness
of the spring season, and this compels
them to adopt the most stringent
measures to unload the vast quantity of
goods on hand while they are yet season
able. . a'
That their efforts will be successful be
comes almost a foregone conclusion in
view of the reduction made, the prices in
many cases having been actually cut in
two and yesterday's tremendous outpour
ing is substantial evidence that the pur
chasing public fully recognizes and ap
preciates the extraordinary money-saving
opportunities presented.
To Aid the Greek*.
The Hellenic Chrlstain Aid Society was or
ganized last night in the Phelan building.
The objects are to aid the Greek cause and
assist the widows and orphans of those who
have fallen in the war. The following officers
KEW to-day:
"We~Make
less money — and so does
your grocer — Schilling
Best
tea baking powder
coffee flavoring extracts
soda spices
than on adulterated stuff
Why do we do it ? Why
do some grocers sell Schil-
ling Best liberally?
It is pure; you like it;
you like the grocer who
sells it; you buy more of
him — Schilling Best and
other things.
Your money back if you
don't like Schillings Best.
A Schilling & Company ■
i s»ii Francisco  (sB
were elected: Acting Greek Consul A. Gous
tiaux, president; Geor-e F. Tsikovres, first
vlcs-pres!dent; George ValUrios, second vice
president: S. Angel, .. treasurer; William M.
Josephi, secretary; and I). Hamlous, J. Peter
son. E. Cokiano**, A. J. Kosta and Felix
Paduverl, trustees; Tneodore Pinther, honor
ary vice-president. * ." "
KEW to-day:
NO *•;•/
more mm
DREAD «V
— — oi<* — —
THE DENTAL CHAIR
TTTTII Extracted Without Pain.
ILL IU hilled Without Pain.
I rr I II Crowned Without Pain.
I kbl II Bridge Work Without Pain.
These are the onir dental rarlors In San Fran-
cisco that have the pa. ent appliances and ingre-
dients to extract, till or apply void crowns »nd
porcelain crowns nndetectatile from natural teeth
and warranted for ten years without the least par-
ticle of pain. We are not competing with Cheap
dental establishments, but with firs; -class dentists
at prices less than half those charged by them.
For the purpose of at once springing Into
prominence, until May 20 we will make
i FULL SKT OF TEKTH for $5.00
GUI/DC KOWNS, 221 c 4 00
BKIDGE WOKK, per Tooth 4.00
HILViiK FILLING 25- up
GOLD FILLING - 7&C up
CLEANING TEKTH 500
By leaving order lor Teeth in the morning you
can get tnem tue same day.
No charge for Extracting Teeth when plates are
ordered.
Work done as well at night as by day-
light by the modem electrical devices
used here.
VAN VROOM ELECTRO-
DENTAL PARLORS,
997 Market St.
Three Skilled Operators. Laly Attendants.
German and trench spoken. Open Evenings till
8; Mondays. 9 till 12. All surgical work done by
G. W. Williamson. M.D.
Elf's Cream B__H3jS|
Cleanses the Nasal P^WTri!l
Passages. Allays Pain KffnVEl Ofl 1
and Inflammation, tU*""** TOB &iM
Kent ores the Senses of Bfe*, v£_f__M
Taste and Smell. 2f _*/"'y iBB
Heals the Sores. mk^
Apply Balm Into each nostril H WKtVV^M
ELT BBOS.aewarrea st,N.Y ■BE_J*w"<r_____B
KEW TO-DAT— A-CDSr-fEirTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Ai_AltiiA.\' _ Co. (In-"— viratea).....<To*>r;^.j;i
OXI.Y 11 NIGHTS MORE, 3 MATINEES
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA'S
BRILLIANT MUSICAL SENSATION,
"EL CAPITAN"
Book by CHARLES KLEIN.
Interpreted by .
HDE WOLF f^
O p _p c n
And His Incomparable Company.
May 17— NAT. C. GOODWIN.
l niCoLAWltß.<iOraoD« •_>• usiUAtonwiMtß*---
- Own *>•.*. if Ton Miss It.
The Funniest Show in Town.
WARD AND YOKES
"A RUN ON THE BANKI"
New Songs and Specialties for this, the Farewell
Week. .
$S~ Next Monday— X. K. Rice's Superb Spec-
tacular Production. -EXCELSIOR JR."
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO.. .HoIe Leasee and M*-.*i»
Initial Production on Thi* Coast of Ford's Spec-
tacular Corned y-Pra-na,
AN AMERICAN HERO!
A Play Full of Excitement and Interesting
situations. Presented With Elaborate
Scenic Pictures.
Thrilling "Wreck Scene !
Realistic Storm at Sea i
New Songs! Dances I New Songt!
Evening Pricos— lOo, 25c and 500.
Matineea Saturday aud Similar.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSB
Sin*>.tßMiiTi\.! Kb xi. in i. Proprietor Jt Manager
THIS EVENING
THE GREATEST MUSICAL SUCCESS
IN YEARS.
Jes'op and Stanford's Romantic Comic Opera,
y_^^^^_^^^_^^^^^^^_^j^ n r X .
"SHAMUS QBRJEN"
WITH
MR. DENIS O'SULLIVAN,
The Favorite Barytone, the creator of the title role.
PRODUCTION PERFECT
IN EVERY DETAIL.
Popular Prices- 1 -25c and 500
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT:
Direct from Paris,
_*ffl_l__3, FI_E}TJTK,H!TTI_
And her •'FUCK FLKUItS de LIS," and MLLK.
AM. Europe's Greatest Aerial Artiste. Great
Slircexs of TACIANU, SAGER and FANNY
MIDGLEY. EO LATKLLE, the ANDKKaO.Na
and Slg. ALBERTI and Mme. OKI, ANDI.
A Big Olio of Novelties!
Reserved Seats, 2ac; Ba cony, IOc; Opera Chairs
and Box t* eats. SOc.
ALCAZAR enor "° c cess
"--^■^i" -ni""' j LAST NIGHT OF
EAST LYNNE.
A Triumph for
GEO. OSBOURNE, ADF.T.K BELGARDE,
HUGO TOLA.ND and the Entire Company.
Prices, 15c to SOc. Seal) by telephone. Black 991.
OBERON. OBERON.
O'Farrell street, near Stockton.
FERDINAND MI AUK CONCERT
Every ning.
Tremendous nit of Matus, the C arionet Virtuose
ADMISSION FREE.
THE CHUTES.
tverr Afternoon and Evening.
Grand Free Open- Air Performance*
SPECIAL.— No Admission Charge Weekday
Aiternoons During May.
Evenings— Admission, 10c. Children, So.
DACING! RACINGI RACINGI
— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — ■
WINTER MEETING, 1896-97.
Beginning Monday, May 3, to May 15, Inclasiva
OAKLAND RACETRACK. *
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
'A hursday. Friday and baturday.
Bain or shine. : :*. ; vi
. FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAT.
. — Races Start ac 8:15 P. 31. Sharp—*
Ferry- Boats leave San Francisco at Vi ie anl
12 :80, 1 .00, 1 'HO, 'i *00, **) :30 and BP. _. connect-
ing with trains stopping a; the entrance to tracic.
Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:15 aal
4:45 jp. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS M. WILLIAMS JR. Preslden*-
£. U. MILROY. secretary. ■ ■■■ ,- ..-.":--
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROn 7 A. H. UNTIL it P.fl.
, Concert Every Afternoon and Evenine.
Bathing, including Admission: Adults, _sc; ChlL
dieu, 20c. *
I General AUuiltiiuu, ioc. Childreu, aa
jjjJ'rr/ : — -__--»--* aw
78
FAVORITES ARE
ON THE DECLINE
The Talent Made a Mess
of It Yesterday at
Emeryville.
Ostler Joe Was in Rare Fettle
and Equaled a Coast
Record.
Daylight Won a Gamely Contested
Race— Torsida Disposed of Her
Field Very Handily.
The favorites were in poor form opening
day at Emeryville, capturing but two of
the events on the card. The attendance
was none too large, and it begins to look
as if race-goers really did have a surfeit
of the sport.
* By far the best performance of the day
was that of the black horse Ostler Joe in
the mile and a sixteenth purse event.
Opening a 3 to 2 choice he receded to 3 to
1, and all from a stiff play which caused
the price laid against Double Quick to be
swiped from twos down to 3to 2. Ostler
laid at the favorite's side to the stretch,
where he drew away and won by three
lengths from Satsuma in 1:415%, equaling
the coast record.
Veragua, second choice in the betting,
proved the best of the eleven platers that
answered the post call in the opening seven
furlong selling race. Bozeman hustled
him out in front and, maintaining hi*-- ad
vantage throughout, passed the wire a
leneth ahead of Mulberry, which came
from the rear at the end and took the
place from Nervoso. Wm. 08, the favor
ite, was unplaced.
The next race decided was a mile selling
dash, for which St. Aignon ruled a 2to 1
choice, with Daylight next in demand at
sto 2. The barrier was broken in a break
away and Ferguson started the field with
the red bunting. Isom got Daylight
away first, and he was never headed, win
ning in a drive, a length before Walter J,
in 1:42..
After receding in the betting from 7 to 5
to 2to 1 Torsida captured the two-year
old scramble at five furlongs very handily.
Bergen waited with her until straight
ened for the wire, when he passed Rey
Salauzar and beat the colt out by three
lengths in 1:02. El-more finished in the
show.
The defeat of Zamar 11, the 3 to 5 choice
for the fourth event at six furlong?, was
not unexpected. Peixotto raced with him
to the stretch, when he showed the dis
tress signal. Peixoito now assumed com
mand, out was in turn passed and easily
beaten out by Colonel Wheeler, against
which 5 to 1 was obtainable.
Refugee, the 6 to 5 choice, managed to
win the final seven-furlong run by the
narrowest of margins. Mainstay led him
for most of the distance and was only
downed a nose the last jump in 1:28.
NOTES.
Peter Weber, the well-known horse
man, now a resident of Los Angeles, was
at the trace yesterday.
Wally Weaver left for Denver yesterday
with Cabrillo and Tulare, recently pur
chased from Pat Dunne and the useful
plater Charlemagne, which formerly ran
in barney Schreiber' .colors. Aliare cap
-•blejof winning their oats in any company.
•Walt Vivel!, the capable trainer, went
along with I he horses.
Double Quick went lame in his race,
which probably interfered with his
chances.
Could Mike Henne*«sy on Walter J have
had clear sailing the colt wouid have won
without much difficulty. He was pocketed
nearly the entire journey.
Colonel Wheeler is back in his old win
ning two-year-old form and he will now
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
r ALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB, Oakland Racetrack. Honday, May 3. Seventy-sixth day of the
*■' winter meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine, track fast.
J^y HKST HACK— Seven-eigluhs of a mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse $300.
lex. Horse, ace, weight. St. 14 y 2
877 Veragua. 4 104 7 1 1V«
757 M •lb-rry, 6 94 6 95
910 Nervoso, 5 hi 10 6h
911 McFarlane, 6. 9. 5 Af\
928 I Billy .Vice. 3.....'. 92 9 8h
852 L'evault, 4 107 8 ft h
940 Fied Garrlener. 6. Vi 11 11
916 William VB, 5... 94 1 : . ." 714
4 -7' i Mary Nieve. 4 87 2 4'i
421 Henry CraUan, 4 94 4{ .. 2h
945 .Myrn.s 91 8 |10h
iJex.
Horse, ace, weight.
% Btr.
1 IV* 11~
71 ; 78
3h 2 2
'-' Ii 41
8 y 2 8 V
t<h 5 V*
10 10
6% 86
9 9 V
1?* 0 1/,
11 11
11
a 1/4
3 h
4 V«
6 3
6 6
7h
83
9 8
10*
Bozeman
Clawson
J. Woods
! I*. Nichols
; Stevens.
J. shields
i 11. Brown
: Hawley
Parker....
Thompson ..
J. Ward '..'.
Bettlnir.
op. a
4
5
I
8
30
6
8
9-2
70
12
so
fiood start. Won driving. Winner. A. Nickels' b. g., by Slnfax-l'aKisana. Time. 1:29.
(IXQ SECOND RACE— One mile: selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse $300.
Index.;
931 Davlißht. 4 104 1
865 Walter J, 4 108 6
932 Peirrll,!* 110 2
»•»:« IRansom, 5 ... IDS 9
*77 Billy Mi<lo 104 10
93-' -t. Aignon, 4 101 11
H6l ' harL-s A. 6 105 8
8-<l Frank .fan ben, 4.101 3
95- Mo'lie K. 5 103 6
931 Collins. 5 106 4
9i6 I Doyle. 5... 105 7 I
: Homp, ace. weight
in
M h
10 y 2
6)1
9 2
12*
11
4%
4,*
10 6
8 1 .
\ii
5 v,
92
2^
I? 5
61
_%_
1 h
5 V 2
84
10 2
6 4
3h
I?
4 1,
11
Str.
1 3
61
7 1
8 1
5 V
I?
IP
10
11
Fin. j Jockey.
1 1 1 Isom
2 Vi j Hennessy ...
X h l^bavr
4 h Clawson
6Vi Boz»m»n
6 3 ! Brown
7% G. Wllsoq ..
810 J. Shields
9 2 Frawley...
101 Snider
11 I Thompson
Beulng.
Op. Cl.
5-2
5
8
6
40
I
II
30
10
13
10
16
lioort start. Won drivipg. Winner, A. B. Spreckels' eh. h., by Coloma-Lncy 8. Tlm«, 1:42V4.
OFjQ THIRD RACE— Five-eighths ofa mile: two-year-olds; purse $300. "~~~ '
Jrtfex.
rtfex. • Horse, weight. St. %
P45 Torsida 110 6 ~
(945) Key salazar 110 5 ~
927 Elsmori' 108 1 1
740 : </ouaiofKlanders.los 8 ... .
826 Dick 98 'i
492 George Lee 98 3
740 Estro 113 7
927 Hermoso 108 4 ....;...
933 Barne.vSchrelber.lo2 9
Horse, weight
5 2
4 1
I*
11
IVt
2 li
61
8%
sa
7 2
1 b
63
8 1
5*
1 V,
3 1
2b.
5 I
4 1
61
72
83
9
13
I*
4 h
6 3
68
7%
86
9
Bergen
Snider.
Henri easy
Brown
riawson
Thompson
PigKOtC
.Tories
Klley
BettlDg.
Op. Cl.
7-6
3
4
15
(5
2U
4
8
20
2
6
6
40
6
IB
I
20
50
Uood start. Won driving.
960. yoUUIH "ACE-Three-quarters a mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse $3JO. .
ndez. i
93* col. v. heeler, 3.. 100
S9:» Pelxotlo, 4. 104
930 Zainar 1 1. 3. ... 99
900 Flanhlicht, 5 114
862 Cash Day, 6 114
938 Celoso, 3 95
(£65) Masoero, 4 109
611 INuucomar, '6 94
Home, age, weight.
St.
5
i;
4
1
8
3
7
2
.",
32
2 2
] h
■»h
64
74
f> v
8
»i Str. ' Fin. Jockey. '
31% 3 2 13 Clawson
Jf.'J 2 2 2h Ame5.........;.
lh lh 3 1% Jones.
61 4 3 48 |>-haw
4 1 6 2 6 3 H. Shields
710 6 4 616 icam^ron.. ......
6 3 710 720 Boz man
°^8 I Thompson
Betting.
Op. Cl.
4
20
3-6
30
. 4
15
20
100
4
30
3-6
100
7
40
16
200
I
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Burns <fc WHerhonsVs eh. c, by imp. Midlothian- Agnes. Time,
961 VlFTil RACK-One and a sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
935
944
944
(*99)
912
866
Horse, age, weight. St. ! Bld. 1/4 Vi
Ostler Joe. 4 107 2\2 3 it 2 2
fcatsiina, 6 11l 4 6 6 |6
Vitictor. 5 11l !s:4 2 3h 13 h
! Double Quick. 4. .10/ 1 Ih liaVilllVa
Mor.p Fonso, 5...111 «52 6 2 5 4
Argent iua. 4. IUS 5 3 h 4 6 4 6
2 2
*i
I B
6
I I
1 h
4 I
5 1
1 3
33
.'. ii
4 10
5 10
Hei'Dessy.
Snider.....".
Bergen
Clan- son
Bozenoan
PUgott
3-2
8
6
2
20
10
1
b
X 3
1 1
& 1
4 10
Good start. Won easily. Winner, W. D. Randall's blk. h., by
:463/i.
962 HIXTH -Seven-elgbths of a mile; telling; three-year-olds and up: purse $300.
Index.
~~944
»43
9/5
852
825
950
(901)
950
(921)
805
Horse, age, weight.
4h
95
5 h
73
15
I?
6 2
10
Jockey.
BeitlDC.
On. OL
| tiefußee, 4 104
Mainstay, 5 114
Midas, 6 109
Hermanlt*, 6 ... 104
Thelma, 6 99
Elsie Saiith, 3.... 95
Knciro, 4 107
Kusella, 3 99
Florlmel, 3 94
Pepper, 5 94
1
6
■
7
5
9
8
4
2
10
\\ ¥ -
83*
7 2
6%'
9 lt>
3 11/
61
10
2 a
I
61
4 1
83'
10
25
11
33
41
5 1
62
7
8
9 .
10
lh
21J*
3 4
4 4:
5?-
-71
815
9 10
10
P15g0tt.........
H. Shields
G10ver...'.......
Bergen
8r0wn.... ......
Clan-50n.... ....
Wilson
Jones
6-5
7
20
IK
IS
6
20
6
10
100
6-5
»
30
25
15
0-2
40
5
12
100
Thompson
IByan
Good itaxt. Won dimn*. W Inner, W. B. tilnk Jr. 'a b, g., by £xll»Bnckea. Tin*, 1:28.
bear watching at the sprinting distances.
Following ure to-day entries:
First race, half mile, two-year-old maidens.
897 Fodig 133 878 Morinel 105
933 Zap«ta. ...108 ! 9-6 L'.zaella ........106
e^l Cas take 105 933 Miss D vldend. 110
776 Lord Mansion. 188 939 OM Jack 110
951 Benicia .v... ...10* 933 Cima 10*>
Branibella 105 941 M. Caiatlne. ...los
Denial 105 *1 exarcana 108
Bonnie 10ne... .105i 933 Mirth 105
933 Cassandra 10i>|
Second race, seven-eiEhiha ofa mile.
948 Grey-hunt.*.... 97, 952 wo Cheers ... 11l
923 Coda 107 946 Ki< ardo 11l
9 4 A.l I' uchanan.. 109 949 Logan 114
878 Lost Cdrl 95 9.* i.i Cogent 100
958 Mollie X 109 958 Walter J.......11
--9-8 Geo. Palmer... 97 867 l-ooladaln. 11l
899 Sallie Clloiiot .107, 908 itienzi 110
877 Pollock..* 109 855 Monitor 109
Thirl mc**, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
953 Horatio 110 1 Con Moto 119
(960) Col. Wheeler... 'lo 937 Amelia I'onsa .10
--9-3 Mobalrska 105 (943)<)live 107
9'_.'> Maj. Cook. li*6 907 Mcrcutio 107
937 Yemen 119 (9^3)Lon Gara 110
937 Howard 112 (92'_) Perhaps .104
878 Fortunate 98 _9 -:1 IKowaUky 113
... Joe Maxim 101 97.* Boad Warmer.. 104
(886)Tlm Murphy.. .106* (873) Peril 11*4
938 Ad Andrew 95; 861 Toano 109
Fourth race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, two-year
olds selling.
(939) Dal ion 106, 945 L<-» Prietos.... 106
941 Kdili*** Jones.... 109 ! (_-ljC_a. La 8W....106
9.*.1 Flushiugton 101 945 Aluminum 106
951 San Oiirango.... 98 945 Mcl Murnham..lo6
959 Ctof Flanders.. lo6 (909) Dousu-rswivel.. lo6
833 Irriiator 106 961 Outlay 106
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling.
942 Alvarado 104, 949 Manchester ....116
9-8 Nebula. 86' 943 Bed tilen 108
(863)*'srlcII 96 961 Morte Fonse.. . 116
9-4 May It 86
■sixth race, three-quarters of » mile, selling.
908 Alma 97 159 Jerlderio 102
946 Kuf*i!ba 91. 9*-*- Florim.i 10_
i 857 Grandezia 97, 908 Lady Hurst 102
857 Fatinr .** 103 1 813 Mrs. Shade 102
878 Widow Jones... 97 869 Hallelujah 97
(t-76)Lena 10- i 9.0 i.osCerillos 102
857 Altivo lu2 892 Reel 97
(950) Fashion Plate.. 10*.'!
m
SKI-EC- FOlt THE DAY.
First race— Zapata, Bliss Dividend,
Lord .-trillion.
Second race— Greyhurst, Sallie Cii
quot, Addie Bnchanan.
Third race— Col. Wheeler, Yemen,
Major Cook.
Fourth race — Fluihingtun, * Douster
» i v.-l Outlay.
Fifth race— Alvarado, Norte Fonse,
Osric.
Sixth races— Fashion Plate, Alms,
Florimel. *-* 4 -* y: r
DURRANT IS FRETTING.
Visited at San Quentin by
v Salvation Army
0 fleers.
Expresses the Opinion That Everybody
"on the Outsid'." Believes
Him to B- Guilty.
Major Winchell and Editor Mlllsapof
tbe Salvation Army, with Chaplain
Drahms of the prison, visited Theodore
Durrant in his cell at San Quentin Sun
day.
In the short conversation that was held
with the condemned man he expressed him
self to the effect that he expected that his
visitors had been imbued with the general
opinion of his guilt. Yet, whiie that
might be the case, he assured them he was
innocent irrespective of this general be
lief "on the outside." He affirmed his be
lief in religion and that he was still a Bap
tist, believing in the tenets of his faith.
He excused himself to his visitors, saying
he was busy writing, but would be glad to
see them again. ...
The Salvation officers say the condemned
man looks haggard and fretful, and has
lost much of bis cheerfulness since he was
removed from the County Jail.
Chaplain Drahms offered no opinion re
garding him further than that the officers
i of the jail speak of Durrant as being an
i obedient inmate.
Entertained the Delegates.
At the invitation of the San Francisco Board
of Health the interior delegates to the Pure
Food Congress enjoyed an excursion on the
bay Sunday. The tug Governor Markham
lett Mission-street wharf at 10:30 a. m., re
turning to the City about 3:30 p. m. A visit
was mane to the Union Iron Works, the Heads,
Sausalito, Belvedere, Tiburon and San Quen
tin. An elaborate lunch was served on board
and the time was pleasantly passed by all.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1897-
TO THE AID Of
THE TEACHERS
Supervisor Smith Wants
to See Their Sala
ries Paid.
Introduces a Resolution to That
- Effect at the Board
Meeting.
Dr. Clinton S<ys the Cut in Water
Rates Must Ba Made a Hori
zontal One.
Supervisor Smith came within one vote
at the meeting of the Board of Super
visors yesterday of getting through a reso
lution that would have settled the vexed'
j question of the payment of teachers' sal-;
aries. Near the close of the meeting he
introduced the following measure:
Whereas, In the tax levy of the present
fiscal yeur allowance was made for the sum of
$947,000. to be used in the payment of sal
aries each month on demand ol teachers and
other School Department employes; and where
as, at the same time an allowance of $294,277
was made for buildings, supplies and oti*er
incidental expenses of the School Depart
ment for this fiscal year; and whereas, notwith
standing this fact, the hard-working school
teachers have been deprived of their salaries
forthe period of fifteen days; and whereas,
publications in the daily press indicate that
the salary demands ot the teachers will be
withheld during the month of June by the
Board of Education for the purpose of further
ing the payment of demands for supplies pur
chased in excess of the amount allowed in the
tax levy by the Board ot Supervisors; there
fore be it -' %
Resolved, That we deem it the duty of the
Bonrd of Education to issue each month a
salary demand to each teacher and employe of
the School Department for the amount due aa
contemplated by the Board ot Supervisors in
making up the lax levy for the fiscal year
1896-97.
Resolved, That it is the duty of the Board of
Education to forthwith pay all back salaries to
teachers in preference to the payment of ex
cessive supply demands. - *
Resolved, That the clerk Is hereby instructed
to transmit a copy of this resolution to the
Board of Education. ;• -"■/ .-'JA* '--Jr?J'_
Dr. Clinton wanted the matter pnt over
a week. He said that previous School
Boards had found it necessary to tempor
arily withhold the pay of teachers in or
der to tide over financial difficulties, but
that the instructors had always been paid
in the end. He questioned the authority
of the Board of Supervisors to interfere
with tho Board of Education.
Supervisor Smith declared it was the
duty of the Board of Supervisors to see
that the teachers were paid. The Super
visors furnished the funds for the School
Department and the Supreme Court had
recently decided that teachers must be
paid no matter who else had to wait.
Supervisor Britt wanted the matter
postponed nntil the board could consult
with the School Directors. The motion to
I lay over a week was defeated by a vote of
7to 5. A motion by Supervisor Britt to
lay the motion on the table was defeated
by the same vote.
A motion by Supervisor Clinton to refer
the matter to the Finance Committee was
carried by a vote of 7 to 5.
Supervisor Lackman demanded to know
what had become of the water rate ques
tion and why the Water Committee had
not rendered a report.'
He reminded the board that the matter
bad been under consideration a long time
and that the rate-payers were growing
anxious. He called on Supervisor Clinton,
chairman of the committee. The latter
stated that tbe committee was still seek
ing information. That the water, com
pany's books were of such a character the
expert of the hoard could maKe no head
nor tail of them; and that it seemed as
though the cut in rates must be made a
horizontal one. He thongbt the commit
tee would call a meeting within a few
days.
Supervisor Rottanzi's high hat ordi
nance was laid over for lour weeks much
to the doctor's disgust.
The matter of transferring the annual
Fourth of July appropriation to the boule
vard fund was laid over a week. A com
munication from the Chamber of Com
merce, requesting tbat the transfer be
made, was placed on file. . *•■>", y%
A resolution introduced by Supervisor
Delaney, that the positions of James
Loney and Thomas Denahy in the Fire
Alarm and Police Telegraph be declared
vacant and William Castleman and Jobn
Reynolds be appointed to fill them, was
laid over for two weeks, Supervisors De
laney, Britt and Morton voting against the
postponement
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work I
Acted On by the Board.
The following is a complete summary
of the street improvements which passed
the Board of Supervisors at yesterday's
session:
AWARD OF CONTRACTS.
Second avenue— To Felix McHugh, for pipe
sewers, etc., to connect with sewer In Point Lobos
avenue. fc
Fourth avenue—
Florida, Twenty-sixth to Army Mannel G.
PI res, for pipe sewer, etc.
Bryant and Eleventh— To City street Improve
ment Company, for curbs and paving.
Filbert and Leavenworth— To J. 11. Morton, for
paving.
Va lejo, Webster to Fillmore— To San Francisco
Paving company, for curbs and paving.
Stable alley, from Valencia to Caledonia alley—
To Paclflc Paving Company, for paving.
Montgomery avenue and Newell— F. Leffler,
for stone nidewalk on northerly corner.
Twenty-second, Noe to Castjo— To 8. E. '1 ucker,
for stone sldewalK on northerly side.
- Chestnut and Powell— Same foTHwmlh westerly
corner. JA>i .-.'-.
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORE.
Page, Scott to Devisadero— Curbs and sidewalks.
I street, Seventh to Twelfth avenues— Plane
sidewalks.
I street, Tenth to Eleventh avenues—
curbs, etc. . J .': '
Taylor, Francisco to Bay— Brick sewer, etc.
Clement street and Twenty-fifth avenue— Pipe
sewer* culverts, curbs, etc.
Eugenia avenue to Moultrie street— Grading;
curbs, etc.
Eugenia avenue and Moultrie— Same.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION ORDER
IN U. \ ,
Waller, Central avenue to Masonic avenue-
Curbs and sidewalks.
Waller and Central avenue— Sewers, etc.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION TO ORDER STREET
WORK. ;-* y. .*-. . "
Alabama and Twenty-third— Curbs, sidewalks
etc. .
Bryant, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth— Curbs
and paving. -
Bryant and Twenty-first— Paving.
Bryant and Twen ty-aecond— Curbs, sidewalks,
storm-water inlets, etc. :
Laguna, Ellis to O'Farrell— Curbs and paving. '
, O'Farrell, Devisadero to Broderick— Bam*
Sanchez, Sixteenth to Market— Same.
Sixteenth, Sanchez to Market— Same and pipe
sewer. .
Fremont avenue, Waller to Frederick— '
Alvarado, San Jose avenue to Guerrero— Pipe
sewer, etc.
Page, j Masonic avenue to Ashbury— Curbs ; and
paving. * .
West Mission, Twelfth to Thirteenth— Curbs and
paving, and storm-water inlets, etc., at Intersection
of Brady and Hermann. '
Sutter and Fillmore— Stone sidewalks on south
erly corner. '.'. J.'r.,
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTEND
ENT OF STREETS. *
Harrison, spear to Main— Curbs and paving*.
Harrison. Beale to Main— Same. ;
Harrison and Main— Paving. * :*i : V.\
Harrison, Beale to Fremont— Curbs and paving.
Harrison and Fremont— Paving.
Beale, Folsom to Harrison— Curbs and paving.
Beale, Harrison to Bryant— Same.
Lloyd, scott io Devisadero— Same. ■
'Capitol avenue, sagamore street, to Palmetto
avenue— trading, curbs and macadamizing.'
sagamore street, capital to - Orizaba avenue-
Same. 
The fac-simile yT^ yy-gV , ?^** '- ** •* •roy wrapper
signature of i£x&ffl££&U of CASTOEIA.
• Capitol avenue and Farallones Btreei— tame. •■
- lones stieet, Capitol to Plymouth avenues-
Same.
Hayes, Shrader to Stanyan — Sidewalks and
curbs.
Fulton, Bhrad<?' to Stanyan— Stone sidewalks.
Harrison aDd Bitumen. • ?;■■:'.' ;
Harrison and .'remoni— P.pe sewer.
Harrison, First to Fremont— Same, g
Harrison. Fremont to Beale— Same. .
Castro, Twentieth to Twenty-first— Cnrbs and
paving.
Harrison and Beale— Pipe sewers, etc.
Harrison, Main 10 Beal —Same.
Harrison, Slain to Spear— Same.
KKBOHITION OP KULT. ACCEPTANCE. ;"" „/ %
Cole, Haish-. to Waller— Bitumen.
Websier, Haight to Waller— same.,
-foe and Henry— Same. :
BECOMM K.M>K» FOB 7U-I> ACCEPTANCE.
Pace, Central avenue 10 l.yon — Ultumen.
Hickory avenue, Franklin toGounh— Same.
BECOMKK.N'UKD FOB ACCEPTANCE. ' ,
Berry, Six h to seventh— P«vi* g.
Fern avenue, 1 ranklin to cough— Same.
rBOPOSALS RECOMMENDED BEADVEBTISED.
Twenty-first, Diamond to Grading.
Grove, Sbrader to Stanyan— sidewalks.
*.'; AY l \ EXTENSIONS OF TIMK GRANTED.
Prospect avenue, Coso to Esmeralda avenue—
To B. Dobson, thirty days on sewering, grading,
etc. **;*".
P street south and Thirteenth avenne south— To
Williams, Belser ifcCa., thirty days on storm-water
Inlets.
P street south and Fourteenth avenue south-
Same. . '. "'
X street south and Twelfth avenue south—
W street south and Fourteenth avenue south-
Same. -
Eighth avenue sooth and M street south— Same,
thirty daya on sewers, corners, etc.
B street, Seventh to Eighth avenues— To J. B.
Conroy, sixty d»ys on grading, etc.
Baker, Tonquin to Lewis— To Warren & Ma:ley,
90 days on macadamizing, etc.
X street south and Fourteenth avenue south-
To M. C. Hogan, 9j ilars on storm-water Inlets. ■
P street suuth and Twelfth avenuu south— same.
Army and Castro— To O. S. Carvill, sixty days
on grading, etc. :
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Broderick, Jefferson to lot quin— Warren <_
M ey, ninety days on giadiug, etc.
Eighth avenue, M st-eet to _» south— To T.
(ark. thirty days on sewering. «
PETITIONS j BEFEBBED TO STBEET COMMITTEE.
Hampshire, Twenty-thirl to Twenty-fourth—
Property-owners, for reduction of width of de
walks. ■■'<■■-.■
Waller and l.agnna — In ' Paving Com
pany, tor release from contract to pave. ■ -*.
Tenth avenue. H to I— Property-owners on east
erly tine, to have those on westerly line bulkhead
their property. .
Ninth avenue, I to J— Sunset District Improve
ment Company, for grading, etc. »'
Point Lobos avenue to Lake street and from
First to Sixth avenues— Point Lobos Improvement
Club, for upgrading and macadamizing. •
Waller,Buchun*-nto Webster— Richard McCann,
to retain artificial stone sidewalks on northerly
side. -. ;■*.:'_
Howard street— R. C. Stilies, to repair tem
porarily wooden sidewalks in front of No. 1121.
Eleventh avenue, H to I— Sunset Improvement
Club, for grading, etc *
Eleventh avenue, I to J— Same.
Twelfth avenue, I to J— ame.
Tenth avenue, 1 to J—^ame.
Prospect avenue, coso to Esmeralda avenue—
Property-owners, for grading.
Seventeenth, Sanchez to Noe— N. Bnilerdleck,
for laying of artificial stone sidewalks.
Third— Wu zen, to repair sidewalks In front of
No 342. I
Jessie, Seventh to Eighth— Property-owners, for
denial of G. W. Frink s petition for removal of
obstructions.
Seventeenth— G. B. Dondero, for permission to \
lay basalt driveway across sidewalk in front of ;
No. 716.
Fair Oaks, Twenty-first to Twenty-second —
Property-owners, to lay artificial stone sidewalks.
Hampshire, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth—
Property-owners, for reduction of width of side
walks •*.:-'
Tennessee, Twenty-second to point 466 ■ feet
northerly— J. H Bingham, for release from con
tract to pave. tJAfi. 5. Al
PROTESTS BEFEBBED TO STRERT COMMITTEE.
Alabama and Twenty-third— Property-owners
against construction of storm-water inlets.
Washington, spruce to Locust— Property-owners
•gainst paving. -
norland, Guerrero to Dolores— Same against
laying of stone or bituminous sidewalks.
PETITIONS BEFEBBED TO BTREET LIGHTS COM
MITTEE.
Seventeenth, at Com ectlcut. Carolina and
Kansas— southern Heights Improvement Club lor
electric lights.
Bryant aid sixteenth— Same.
De Haro and 'i wentieth— *- ame.
Carolina and Twenty-second— Sama
Texas and Nineteenth— same.
Arkansas and Mariposa— same.
Thirteenth and banch**— Property-owners for
aro light on southwesterly corner.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON MATTERS
SUBMITTED THE PREVIOUS WEEK. •*.,;"" V
Preclta avenue, Alabama to Army— Question of
tewerlng laid over.
Folsom and San Bruno road, and Precita to
Cortland avenue— Matter of grading referred to
City Engineer.
Castro and Thirteenth— Same..
Nineteenth avenue, at point 300 feet north of
California street— name.
J sireet. Klghth to. Tenth avenues— of
constructing sewer referred to Superintendent of
Streets. •.--.*■*
Pierce, Lombard to Chestnut— Same for furnish
ing work of grading. .. . .-.J ■-■■
Army, Noe to Castro— ln favor of granting con
tractor sixty days' extension of time.
Stevenson and Eighth— Question of obstruction
referred to City and County Attorney. <
Waller, Shrader to Stanyan— Grading referred to
Superintendent of streets. .
Excelsior Homestead and Academy tracts—
Same. * i *, Jr ■ .jy
Brannan— City Engineer empowered to make
necessary surveys for extens on of sewer outlet.
China ana Mission— Condition of cesspools re
ferred to Superintendent of streets.
Leavenworth, Greenwich and Lombard—Ques
tion of paving and grading and paving Greenwich,
from Hyde to Leavenworth, referred to superin
tendent of streets.
Van Ness avenue, Market to Lewis— Repeal of I
boulevard order referred to city aad County At
torney.
Bay and Laguna and contiguous vicinity— ln
favor of Webster, instead of Laguna, for sewering,
and other considerations, being referred to super
intendent of Streets.
Ninth avenue (south), M to N— Thirty days' ex
tension of time granted for committee to examine
merits of application. .
Presidio Heights District— ln favor of paving.
Post, No. 24— Lamps may be replaced.
Gough. south of McAllister— ln favor of side
walks being retained for three months.
Lower Terrace— Permission to macadamize with
red rock granted on certain conditions
Davis, No. 400 to 410— sidewalks can be re
placed.
Shrader. Waller and Buelah— ln favor of side
walks being laid. .
Eugenia avenue, Bennington street and Ando
ver avenue— Proceedings stopped for six months.
Spruce, Sacramento and Clay—
Other petitions and protests reported on ad
versely, except certain private contracts.*
AN ORGANIST HONORED.
Sam Mayer's Twenty Five Years'
Services at the First
Church.
An Envelope Containing $650 Handed
Him by I. to. Scott on Behalf
of Many Friends.
The First Congregational Church was
the scene of a notable little ceremony on
Sunday night, when a large congregation
had assembled to celebrate the . twenty
filth anniversary of Samuel D. Mayer as
organist and choirmaster of the church.
The pulpit and organ-loft were beautifully
decorated with flowers, and an elaborate
musical service was rendered, the pastor,
Dr. Adams, delivering an appropriate dis
course on musical instruments.
But it was after the regular service that
the particular ceremony of the evening
occurred. Organist Bam Mayer was play
ing the postlude in the presence of over
200 people when he was informed that Dr.
Adams wanted him. The doctor made a
brief address, alluding to Mr. Mayer's long
and faithful work, and was followed by
Mr. Brown and Irving M. Scott. The
latter wound up a felicitous address by
presenting Mr. Mayer with a large enve
lope containing $650, one of the constitu
ent checks being from Mrs. Harriet
Crocker Alexander of New York for $250.
Mrs. Alexander was the donor of the
First Church grand organ, which Mr.
Mayer handles so well. The pleasant af
fair terminated in an all-around hand
shaking, in which the arm of the popular
organist ran serious risk of dislocation.
A Society Recital.
A dramatic and dialect recital will be given
by Miss Hattle Nathan at the Maple Hall of
the Palace Hotel on Thursday evening, May
27. The affair will be under the auspices of the
Eureka Society for the Protection of Children,
which has been recently organized by Mrs.
Kate Pettee. The programme includes dra
matic, comedy, dialect and, Shakespearean
roles, to conclude with the charming Eastern
novelty "of song' reciting. As Miss Nathan
is well known in society circles it is expected
that a large gathering will greet her appear
ance. * .^.r':,-;**,;:!'*'*'" • *
DURRANT FILES HIS
LAST LEGAL PAPER
Bill of Exceptions Presented
Yesterday in Judge
Bahrs' Court.
Attorney Deuprey Says This
Will Act as a Stay of
Proceedings.
-.;*. I "■
\ * •* ;
District Attorney Barnes Says the
Execution Will Take Place on )
i the Date Appointed.
Th* Durrant case was dp in Jndge
Bahrs' murt yesterday, the bill of excep
tions being tiled by Attorneys Eueene
N. Deuprey and John H. Dickinson on be
half of tne deiendant, Theodore W. H.
Durrant. convicted of the murder of
Blanch Lamont. ; ;
Trie position taken by the attorneys for
Durrant is that Judge Bahrs in passing
sentence of death on the prisoner based
that action on the judgment hitherto en
tered by ex-Judge D. J. Murphy, who at
the close of the trial sentenced Durrant
to imprisonment in the State prison and
to be executed by hanging. At the time
of the proceedings in Judge Bahrs' court
the words used by ex-Judge Murphy were
repeated, so far as the order of imprison
ment before execution was concerned,
ai.d the court declined to strike out those
words, although Mr. Deuprey at that
time moved to have them canceled from
the record, v
In his argument before Judge Bahrs on
the 10th of last month Mr. Deuprey char
acterized ex-Judge Murphy's action as a
"pretended judgment,'.' alleging that the
Court in that matter bad exceeded its
authority, and that therefore the entire
judgment bad been vitiated and had been
I made null and void. Jl-j
The objection thus made was overruled
I by Judge Bahrs and an exception was
duly entered. At every stage of the pro
i ceedings excep*. ions to the orders of the
court were noted, and particularly there
was an exception to the judgment and
sentence of death, to be preceded by im
prisonment in the State Prison.
Mr. Deuprey held that there was a nice
distinction involved in this point, and ha
believed that tbe court had overstepped
the mark. He admitted that when the
jury returned a verdict of murder of the
tirst degree : against Durrant, without fix
ing the penalty at imprisonment for lite,
that fact carried with it the infliction of
the death penalty. If the court had
stopped tben, Mr. Deuprey argued, no
error would have been committed in pass
ing sentence, for he thought an error fatal
to the legality of the order was made when
ex- Judge Murphy added the punishment
of imprisonment in the Stale penitentiary
at Sun Quentin. He cited authorities in
support of this position, but Judge Bahrs
thought the decisions quoted were not
applicable, so he disregarded them and
followed words of ex-Judge Murphy
in passing sentence on Durrant.
Mr. Deuprey said yesterday that the
next thing to be done is to print the bill
of exceptions and present the same to the
Supreme Court. "In the meantime," he
a :d<rd, '"our appeal to tbe Supreme Court
acts as a stay of proceedings. I have
heard that counsel for the people say that
this is not so, but I do not regard their
opinion as binding. 'This order made by
Judge Bahrs, aside from all other consid
eration", is clearly an appealable order,
since it is an order after judgment. Our
bill of exceptions will be riled in the Su
preme Court on or before the 10th inst.,
and there can be no reasonable dispute as
to proceedings being stayed until our ap
peal has been heard and determined by
the Supreme Court. Of course, there could
not possibly be an execution of Theodore
Durrant before that appeal is decided
against him, as no one has authority to
carry out the order of the Superior Court
until that time. The Warden of the State
Prison Would not dare to do it. He would
not care to incur the responsibility and
take the chances of answering to a charge
of murder." ,
District Attorney W. S. Barnes said: "I
suppose Mr. Dcvi; is doing the last
thing that can be done for his client. Of
course he is all right, so far as that is con
cerned, but I don't see that this bill of ex
ceptions cuts any material figure in the
case. It will not act as a stay of proceed
ings, and will not interfere with the ex
ecution of Durrant unless an order to
that effect is made by the Supreme Court.
A similar course was taken in the Fred
ericks case, but there was no delay in tbe
execution. It was several weeks after
Fredericks was hanged before the Su
preme Court banded down an opinion con
firming the judgment against him.
"Of course the Supreme Court has the
power to issue an order at any time grant
ing a stay of proceedings, and. that may
be done; but unless it is done the execu
tion will come off at the time provided for
■ in Judge Bahrs' order."
Lawyers regard this as a very interest
ing point in criminal jurisprudence, and
it is inferred that Durrant is not alto
gether indifferent to the way in which it
shall be finally settled. Warden Hale has
also some feeling touching the part be is
likely to take in the proceedings, and it is
thought that an effort will be made to
secure an early expression of, opinion
from the Supreme Court.
NEW TO-DAY.
A TRUE VITALIZER.
;■ ■\j^tti^>i'
B Wm
"DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT."
AN APPLIANCE THAT GIVES SPARKS OP
life Into your nerves.. Sparks that you feel.
Its power ls felt upon the surface of the body in
one moment. It permeates every vital function.
Every lecturer on the. public . platform, every
physician of note, every scientific work that yon
read, tells you that "Electricity Is Life." Every
element of your being gives demonstration of the
truth or this assertion. .It is a net. No one doubts
it. With your nerves and blotd charged with ibis
electric force there Is no chance for disease, no
place :or weakness, lt is tho fundamental. princi-
ple of vigorous manhood and womanhood. ' When
it is disease cannot be. It cures without drugging
the stomach. Give itt * a trial. Dr. Pierces Pat-
ented Rett is warranted to be superior to all oth-
ers, and is sold at REASONABLE PRICE*. .Buy
no belt till you see Dr. Pierces.
Call or send for FREE BOOK. Address DR.
PIERCE A SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
or 640 Market st, below Kearny, San Francisco.
Agents as follows: Ho'den . Drug Co., Stockton;
R. i*.. Goglngs, Sacramento, ana G. G. Morehead,
San Jose.
KS" For RUPTURE use "DR. PIERCES
Magnetic Elastic Truss."
GROVE L. JOHNSON
HAS REMOVED ; HIS LAW OFFICES FROM
Sacramento to San Francisco and formed a
partnership with Walter H. Linforth and Oeorge
E. Whitaker, with offices at SlO Pine St. . : Jy;.
"^Jj-ft^ • '.ji i H^_ »lE l pf ( *& j A^^  fag
BARTLETTSPRIMS!
GOOD WATER AND
GOOD HEALTH,
A Positive Cure for Kidney,
Stomach, Liver and Rheu-
matic Troubles.
THOUSANDS OF REMARKABLE CURES.
CWIMMING TANK, TUB AND VAPOR
Baths with competent masseurs.
Tennis Courts, Bowling Alleys, Croquet
Grounds^ Billiards, Dancing lion; Orches-
tra plays daily; burros for mountain climbing.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to
$15 per week; housekeeping cottages, $2 50 to
$6 per week. *■"■.; '' i'A
Call or address BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth street, San Francisco, or B. S. Co.,
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, CaL
Pamphlets mailed {tp>.
SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CKUZ, CAL.
California's favorite resort.
Located on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of
Leach, Kay and Bloantalnt.
SALMON FISHING.
Tennis Court, Croquet Grounds and Music
Reasonable Rates.
For terms address
.*. JOHN T. SULLIVAN, Manager.
PAR ■■ 1 t-P CaJ America - or
I ■■ I 1 Km. IUP -JS I America — For
*.■■■«■«■ *w ~^ bealth.rest, Pleas-
ure, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunga
: baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
; Paraiso stands unsurpassed in the state. Plenty
: enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
' and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. v.
| daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
' miles by stage. Telephone and Postoffice. For
! illustrated pamphlets and special inducements foi
1886, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
U §)^Atv9*6X*iSl.
CALIFORNIA'S MO^T ENJOYABLE "RE-
V^sort": noted for its Curative Powers of the
! springs. Best equipped Mineral Baths in Lake Co.
i Rates to suit all. Also finest facilities for camp-
I ing. ' For particulars i aoply ■to F. MA '(TEN-,
I Prop., Bachior P. 0., L"\ke County. Cat. orin Man
I Francisco at 416 Piae st. FP.A.-K A. BU.- BE.
SODA BAY RESORT.
CHANGE OF MANAGEMENT.
Soda Bay, situated on C'ear Lake, is most pic-
turesque. Spring is famous for the vast volume
of delicious fo-Ja water. Hunting, fishing, boating
and swimming are unsurpassed anywhere. The
table Is supplied with the very best the market
affords, and tbe comfort and welfare of the guests
carefully looked after. Dally stage from Pieta to
Soda Bay direct. Fare from San Francisco $5 50;
round trip 910.
F. B. HEaTH, proprietor. Soda Bar, Kelsey-
ville, Lake County, CaL
SAP! SODA SPRINGS,
(Under New Management)
California's Fam on < Mountain Spa I
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate nnsnr-
! passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoffice.
I Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
: swings and hammocks. Gas and running water In
every room. Re.. t-t' for asthmatics. WARM
( WATER SWIMMING TANK. Au Ideal sum-
mer resort. t nil dren's paradise; mothers' de- j
light; husbands' rest. Address C. E. aMliu, :
i Napa Soda Springs P. O.
HOTEL ROWARDEffIAS,
THE PICTURESQUE SPOT OF BEN LO-
MOND, in the Santa Cruz .Mountains. New
i hotel ana rustic cottanet. cont: iniug 60 rooms,
ALL HARD FINISHED, with large closets.
| Two tennis courts- and bowling alley. Buildings, j
j grounds and river lighted by electricity, a mue t
of rlv.T for boating. Uound trip tickets. 83. For I
particulars address THOS. L. BELL, Proprietor, I
Ben Lomond, 1 al.
AI/lAAAI HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
Vlf 111 IV Co, only 4 Vi] bours from
■Aim U l'l 91 ■% sAn t'ranciico, and but '.)
vIinUUV miles' staging. Waters
noted for their medicinal virtues and generally i
conceded to be the finest natural bath water In tne !
Mate. a Excellent climate and grand mountain ;
scenery. Long distance telephone: daily mail and !
express; well-stocked trout streams. Round trip |
from San Francisco only $5 60. Take Tlburou
ferry at 7 :S0 a. M. or 3:30 p.m. Terms, $2 a day
or $12 a week.
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. V
THIB DELIGHTFUL WATERING-PLACE 18
located in the mid-t of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and* cold
plunge baths, large swimmiug-tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining-room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout-lishing and hunting. Round-trip tick-
ets at S. P. offices, ■ 10. .
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
LAUREL GLEN FARM;
FINE SPRING WATER; PLENTY OF MILK,
cream, fruit and home comforts. For particu-
lars address MRS. V. STUBENRAUCH, box 159,'
.Napa, Cal. *
SOLID COMFORT HOME.
U MILES FROM NAPA CITY. ON MOUNT
Veder; elevation 1556 feet: mountain spring
water; flne scenery: healthy climate: a postive
cure tor asthma. Address MRS. a. F. ALLEN,
Napa City. * ** *
LAUREL DELL,
PLEASANTLY LOCATED ON LAUREL DELL
Lake: new dining-room, new liv. rv stable. It
is now one of the most attractive outing places in
Lake County. Rates 98 to fla per week. Boating
and bathing free Brine your bathing suita aA-
dress H. WAM BOLD, .Bertha P. Q„ Lake i.a, CaL
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
POTTER VALLEY.
. First- C Ust In Every Respect.
E. I*. HOLBROOK, PROPRIETOR.
Rates, 97 per week. Bath and all modern con-
venlences In connection with bote*. - *•-• .
URIAH STABLES.
117" H. MILLER, PROPRIETOR, STATE
_" • street, adjoining Palaoe Hotel. Stage for
Blue Lakes. Laurel Leii, Sara; oca Springs, Upper
Lake and Vichy *-princs. Best of care taken of
transient 1 stock. Good wagons for commercial !
men and tourists.
BURLINGAME.
THIS SPA- E RESERVED FOR THE RED-
Ington Place. Address
IRA G HOITT.
1 * Burllngame, San Mateo County CaL
HIGHLAND springs,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
* -J^*jp*^" r **' s==a '-~- t*^TTi .
New hotel erected this spring. Lighted by Elec-
tricity, ilnest dining-room north of San Fran-
cisco. The greatest variety of mineral springs in
America. Waters unsurpassed for health or
pleasure. Bathing, boating, bunting and fishing:
swimming tank, dancing, lawn tennis, croquet,
billiards, bowling, etc.
' TAKK STAGE AT PIETA, SHORTEST AND
' BEST ROUTE TO ALL POINTS IN LAKE CO.
Round trip from San Francisco $8.
Rates $10 to Sl6 per week.
J. CRAIG. Manager,
S. F. Office— 3l6 Montgomery su
SMTA mam ISLAND!
SEASON OF 1897.
Greatest Attractions in the West.
Charming climite, wonderful natural attrac-
tions, famous fishing and wild goat shooting. The
new scenic ride It. m the ocean to Middle Rancb.
Splendid coaches, famous Western drivers. De-
lightful coas: excursions. Novel outdoor sports.
aiul concerts every day. . Dancing. Pyrotechnic
displays, wa cr Carnivals, etc.
llo'.el Metropole always open, remodeled and
enlarged, new addition, elegant rooms with bath.
Grand ballroom, etc., ready this season. Island
Villa opens July 1.
Full information, rates and Illustrated pamphlets
Wilmington Transportation Co.,
j ! 222 S. SPRING ST.. LOS ANGELES CAL.
! T__.T7"___^_M
castleTcrag,
SHAS-TA COUNTY,
QUEEN OF ALL ITOUNTAIN RESORTS.
| The Tavern of Castle Crag will open for the re-
. ception of guests June 15.
GEORGE SiHONEWALD, Manager,
Boom 59, Union Trust Building, san Franclsca
~>£TNA SPRINGS.
fIIHERE IS HEALING IN THE WATERS
X (for Rheumatism. Malaria, Nervousness, Dys-
pepsia, Diabetes, etc.); there is life in the air;
I swimming tank, tub and steam batbs; fine bote.;
amusements. Rates. $10 to $14. Take 7:MO a.m.
• southern Pacific train for St. Helena; stage con-
nects at 10. a. m. Unlimited round-trip tickets
: *7. Particulars at 318 Battery st., or of W. L.
; MITCHELL, Lidell Postoflice, Napa County, Cal.
"HOWARD -SPRINGS. *
P. 0. , Putah, Lake County.
RENOVATED AND IMPROVED: ACCOM-
modatlons and table service strictly first class;
$10 tosl2; special terms to families: postoflice and
telephone on premises: round trip $10: ticket* at
Southern Pacific oilices: -finest baths in I_*..e
! County.- WALLACE SPAULDING. Manager.
KEY CARLSBAD MINERAL SPRINGS.
LAKE COUNTY. J r Jy :
THE GREATEST HEALTH-GIVING WATER
in America. Specific for all stomach, liver,
j kidney and bladder troub es. New hotel, new
management. Terms. $8 to $10 per week. For
particulars address W. R. Mc i OVERN, Kelsey-
ville. Lake co„ or DR. McG OVERN, 1677 Fol-
som street, San Francisco.
ORR HOT SPRINGS,
1 A MILKS FROM UKIAH. FINK. FISHINO
1 *t and hunting. Baths free. Water sure cure for
< rheumatism and all skin diseases. Round trip,
! $9 50. Board. $7 per week. J. IL ORR. Orr Post-
, ollice, Mendocino County, Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
I Q MILES FROM CAZADERO, ON STAGE
iOiine. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream
. and milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
1 more: grand redwood s- enery. Address J. LUT-
I TRING feaview, Sonoma Co., or apply E.
KRUSE. 207 Front st., S. F„ for particulars.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
FAVORITE RESORT OF THE SPATE; THE
water Is unexcelled fcr medicinal purpoies;
table unsurpassed: fine fishing anl hunting: state
daily from t alistoga direct to springs; round trip
at noutbern Pacific offices $10. DR. W. R.
! PRATHER, Adam Springs.
; SUMMER - BOARD, SANTA CRUZ MTs!
A PLEASANT, HOMELIKE RESORT; ELK-
rant climate, fishing, bunting and scenery;
: low price. . ■ ■ ■
Terms of W. T. TBUHBLY, Gilroy.
| . . — _
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; board from $7 to $10 a week;
: campers' return ticket $2 80. Sen 1 for circular to
-- M. S. COX, Laurel, CaL
GLENBROOK,
ONE OF THE MOST CHARMING RESORTS
in the State. Fine scenery, hunting and fish-
ing. Excellent table. For circulars and further
intormation address O. W. R. TREDWAY, Glen-
brook, Lake County, Cal. *, : ;.. .
AURORA SPRINGS HOTEL.
CLOVEKDALE, SONOMA COUNTY: FlRST-
class hunting and trout streams; fresh milk,
butter, eggs and vegetables; tents If desired-
terms $7 per week. Address D. T. GILLIAM
Cloverdale. . . ""7
PALACE HOTEL, HUH.
TTEADQUARTERS FOR TOURISTS AND
XX <ommeicial men. Free bus and baggage' to
and from all trains. »■**■««-*-» ■*-*■»
ALPINE HOUSE.
ETCHING AND HUNTING HEADQUAR-
A ters: livery stable connected; in the vicinltv of
Big Basin: streams alive with trout; InonßWu
full of game. Write Jl**---*. BEE A MONTAGUE
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cruz county. .-•
LOVELY BEN LOMOND.'
HAVE YOU CHOSEN A PLACE FOR THE
summer outing? Have you thought of Ben
Lomond, l. Santa Cruz Mountains? It I« he.utl-
ful no » thful. accessible. La _nd * bom?]^ for
Wrtto«°c-EW
write or call BENJ. LLOYD, len Lomond. Cai
WHITE OAK FARM,
X^n R LOV . ER OALE; SPECIAL ATTKN-
_.-*« tlon ..iven to table; terms $7 ncr week. For
particulars address W. H. HIATT. Cloverdale, C* L
— j : — p~_ : * .
A no£l i i A } ,' ESTK SPRINGS HOTEL, I SO-
*£.?£?? ttUt ' y; 2 " onrs om !san Fraucisco via
«•!-« ,erry ■*■ F ' * ***•• -P. «- H~: warm mineral
!r2PSS*! a 'J. d l _ l> baths ; holel completely remod-
»i a 7w _ a 0 * handsomely re uruiibed: water.
electric J? 0 " 8 in all rooms: $10 to * 12 per
_^T.. .* 2 .P er . a »y- 'Address AguaCaliente springs,
AguaCaliente, Sonoma County. CaL ;? - -Tr
o , o^. BOAI-D !ON RANCH, SUBURBS OF
■*_»(. adstoga; plenty fresh eggs, butter chickens
"* ml . "V, fS, Rl)d *7 week; hotmlnera baths free.
MRS. J. MONTGOMERY. Calistoga. Napa Co., Cat
CYPRESS-LAWN FRUIT FARM-GOOD TA*
\J ble; home comforts, T. H. EPLEY. box '>««
Napa, Cal. * ' *?°
, A NDERSON -SPRINGS, LAKE * COUNTY
__. open May 10:* telephone connections- wrlfa
for circular Addresa J. AN DERBun,
RESORT. CIRCULARS. CARDS OR SIGNS:
cheap rate.. HILL, 23% Geary *,££ * ;KNIGHT
DECLARES
HIMSELF
: He's Going to Have Some
thing to Say in the
Fair Case.
OBJECTS TO BEING IN
THE BACKGROUND.
|
. His Outbreak Furnishes Food
ior Sport for the
Defense.
VALET CLARKE ESCAPES THE
GRIDDLE.
Attorney Foote Again Shows Up the
Meddlesomeness of the Local
Police Department
"I object to that question on the ground
. that it is irrelevant, incompetent and
immaterial."
The litigation over ilr*t- Nettie Craven's
. -deeds' to the Fair property is now in its
. third week, yet these were the tirst words
..uttered by Attorney George A. Knight
•* since the trial began. By them lie meant
.■to. have it known that he has something
to say in the case and does not propose to
•;• ' be shut out. Mr. Knight has all along
"posed as one of the generals over the
army of barristers arrayed against Mrs.
Craven and her claims and that detach
• ment of the general public which is in
daily attendance at Judge Slack's court
i.as wondered more than ever why it was
. that he kept in the" background. Knight
- doubtless had been thinning about this,
too, and determined yesterday to interject
... himself into the case in a manner calcu
. lated to bring about a speedy determlna
: tion as to where he was at.
So it was, then, that the silver-tongued
orator from the woods of distant Hum
boldt took advantage of the tirst oppor
tunity presented him to object to one of
the cross-questions put to Witness Her- j
bert Clark by Attorney Foote of the de
fenseand sure enough that started the !
"bail rolling. i
Counselors McEnerney and pierson, who
■** "have been doing all the" talking and busi
ness generally for the plaintiff's side
since the beginning of the trial, looked up
in surprise nt Mr. Knight's intrusion, |
and there were some people in the court- !
room who thought they even detected a
frown on the gentlemen's faces. But, j
however that may be, Judge Slack became
readily cognizant of the tact that some
thing was up and wanted to know by what
right Mr. Knight was ringing in, as it .
-' were.
"Well, if your Honor please, "said Mr.
Knight rising and glaring around him !
■savagely, we "might just as well have this
thing settled right now. lam here repre
■* senting the owners of this estate — the
heirs as interveners — the chilaren of James '
G. Fair. They would be in possession of
their property but for tbis suit, and it
.seems to me that I, as their legal repre- !
sentative, have a most important duty to
attend to here. 1 propose to look after i
their interests and to exercise my right to !
speak whenever I deem it expedient."
Judge Slack said he had already ruled !
that the interests of the intervenors and
executors were identical, and he was not
going to permit a dozen attorneys to bob j
' up whenever they felt like having some
thing to say.
Of course all this was no funeral of the !
defense's, but nevertheless the attorneys j
on tbal side could not abstain from having
Mrdfll
ATTORNEY KNIGHT Demands the Pij-rht to Participate li
the Fair-Craven Trial,
- a little mischievous fun out of it at the
expense of the enemy. Mr. Foote, for
instance, remarked with a droll attempt at
gravity that Mr. Knight should sit down
and keep quiet, and should speak only
iwben he got permission to do so from
either _4cEnem»y or Pierson.
It made Mr. Knight wince and bite his
lips.
"" Then Mr. Deimas toolc a shy at the dis
ordered rank*}. As he understood it, Mr.
Knight had nothing to do with tbe cage.
He was the attorney for Charles L. Fair,
and' the latter was in no way a Darty to
tins suit to quiet title to the property
claimed by Mis. Craven. Of course, there
would be no objection to Mr. Kniglit be
ing present, but he should certainly be a
nice, quiet little boy.
Mes-r**. McEnern-ey and Pierson were
discreetly silent through ali this, but
their countenances spoke volumes. They
didn't like it, that was evident. Knight;
was left to dodge the torturing poises j
from the defense and to fight it out with I
the court all by himself. He argued, and I
Judge Hack finally disposed of the matter I
by saving that he would recognize Mr.
Knight as counsel for tbe interveners, but
. would not tolerate the talking of all the
attorneys for the plaint ff a at once.
This quieted matters off and the trial
' proceeded.
The baiting of Valet Clarke by Attorney
Foote on behalf of the defense occupied
the entire forenoon session and furnished
all that was interesting in the day '■ evi
dence-taking. Mr. Foote took occasion to
again bring out strongly the fact that the ■
San Francisco Police Department had
taken sides in this, _ purely civil proceed
in*.', and had been hunting up evidence, j
serving subpenas and disbursing witness
fees for the Fair estate, instead of devot
ing its energies exclusively to the duties
prescribed by the people who are taxed
for its support and are entitled to its un- j
divided attention and protection. And, j
as usual, counsel for the other side made |
strenuous efforts -to keep this sort of cvi- i
i dence out, but invariably without success.
'-■■ In cross-examining Clarke Mr. Foote
began where he left off at the close of
court last Thursday, and that was in refer- j
ence to the trip Clarke made with Captain
Lees and Detective Seymour to San Rafael j
in search of evidence calculated to break
down Mrs. Craven's claims. In reply j
Clarke acknowledged that although he I
knew Senator Fair had spent the whole of
! the 24. h of September in San Rafael— that |
I he knew it at the very time that he and i
the officers had started off together— yet \
he for some reason or other failed to tell j
them anything about it. It was this very !
point that Lees and Seymour wanted to |
establish, and by telling them about it ,
j Clarke could have savad them the trip and |
considerable anxiety.
"Did anybody ever inform you that it
j was very important, in order to establish
the validity of Senator Fair's trust will,
to prove that the Senator was notfn San ;
Francisco on the 24th of September?" .
! asked Mr. Foote.
"No — yes,'' stammered the ex-valet. \
"Who wasit?' demanded thej attorney.
"I think the executors."
"Which of them?"
"Mr. Bresse, I believe."
"Anybody else?"
"Yes, Mr. Angus, too."
"Didn't Lees tell you, too?"
"I believe he did."
"Don't you know he did?"
"Yes."
"Why don't you come out and say so
tben?"
Mr. McEnerney objected to this line of
' questioning, and in doing so stirred up
\ Mr. Foote. " The latter intimated that the
showing up of the connection of the police j
with the case— with a civil suit— was hurt- |
ing somebody. McEnerney's objection i
was based upon the alleged fact that there
was no record that the peace officers were
connected with the case, or that Captain
i Lees was a peace officer at all.
"No," said Mr. Foote, "there is no record
j that he is the kind of a peace officer you
[ mean."
McEnerney objected to the last insinua
; tion, too, and induced the court to ex
punge it from the court record.
Mr. Foote now essayed to read some of
! Clarke's testimony given at the examina
; tion of Attorney Cooney, his object being
1 to show tnat the executors and heirs of
j the estate were fighting among themselves
jat that time, in doing so he elicited a
| chorus of objections from the plaintiffs'
I line. He then proceeded to beg the court
j to give the defense some latitude in the
! cross-examination of Clarke. This wit
i ness, he said, had been brought in to
j prove a vital point and it was ol the great
| est importance to the defense that it be
permitted to show up all of the man's
: connections with the case and the interest
| he was taking in it.
Judge Slack promised not to hamper the
: cross-examination, but said he did not
\ wish the trial delayed.
Clarke, in resuming his disjointed narra
tive, denied that he assed Captain Lees to
go with him to San Rafael for the purpose
'. of getting evidence that would corroborate
bis story. It was Captain Lees, he said,
! who suggested the trip. The witness and
the officers visited San Rafael several
i times in search of evidence. They saw a
i number of people over there and took
' statements from them.
"Did you see the Parisian Hotel register I
; when you went over there with the offi- j
I cers the first time?" asked Mr. Foote.
"No; it was not there," replied Clarke.
"Where was it?"
"We were told that Mr. Cassou, the ;
' former proprietor of the house, had taken j
it away."
"Now isn't it a fact that you were also
told thai Cassou would not give it up un- ]
,' less paid liberally for it?"
Clarke did not remember that, or at
least said so. The valet denied that he
knew a family named Elliott, or that he j
had read tnat the Elliotts had told Attor- ,
ney Knight that Fair was lying ill at the ]
Lick Hou--e, instead of being at San Ra
lael on the 24. of member.
Clarke then gave another illustration of
how well he remembered the incidents of
! that day across the bay by recalling that
'. after breakfast he entranced the millions
; aire by reading "Aladdin, or the Wonder- i
! iul Lamp," and other hair-raising yarn- '
! from the 'Arabian Nights" to him as j
! they sat together on the veranda of the |
Parisian House. He got tangled up in the !
, effort to remember how many volumes j
j comprised the series, and also could not j
: recollect whether he read any of the stor
i ies to the SenatorJ the day previous or
I afterward.
Clarke was still on the stand when re* j
I cess was ordered.
Owing to the fact that the Board of Su
pervisors was to meet in the afternoon and
needed its assembly chamber, Judge Slack
was compelled to move again. Tnis time
he arranged to secure -. Judge Hebbard's
courtroom temporarily, but to-day he will
go back to the big eh ameer. Juror Bur
llngame delayed matters considerably by
not putting in an appearance on time.
He had difficulty in finding the new court
room and besides had misunderstood the
court's order as to the time for convening.
Tbe cross-examination of Clarke was
quickly finished and then came the r e
atrect examination. In response to Mr.
McEnerney's questions Clarke said * that
the first time he ever told anybody that
Senator Fair spent the 24tb of September
in San Rafael was some time shortly after
the so-called pencil will was offered for
probate. He could not remember just
| when it was, but it was inside of two
months after that will was produced.
Then tbe witness was returned to the
! defense for re-cross-examination. Mr.
Foote being absent Clarsewas questioned
by Mr. Deimas. The latter wanted to
know again who was the first person ho
told about the San Rafael trip and Clarke
said it was Executor Goodfellow.
"How did you come to tell bim?" asked
Mr. Deimas.
"I don't know.' I was in bis office at
tbe time,'' was the reply.
"How did you come to be in his office?''
"I thing I "went there to get some paper
signed."
"What paper?"
THE SAN : FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1897.
"Something from our office, I suppose?"
"What is our office?" ■**-.*'.
"The office of the Fair estate."
'.'Oh, then you are a part of the Fair
estate," said Mr. Deimas in well-feigned
surprise. ■■jsSß__\
"No; I am an attache."
"A what?. An Apache?"
"No; an attache."
"On; excuse me."
William E. Stanford, a clerk for the
i stationery-house of H. S. Crocker <fc Co.,
was called to the witness-stand by the
plaintiffs. During the year 1896 he had
I charge of the legal blank and mathemati
i cal department.
Mr. Pi rson was now doing the ques
j tioning for the plaintiffs and Judge Den
! son changed seats with Mr. Deimas, in
J order to do the cro-*s-examining when his
I turn came.
Stanford went on to say that it was his
duty to order the printing of such stock as
his department required. He produced
his order-book and found by consulting it
that ho issued an order to the printing
office for 10.000 acknowledgment blanks on-
January 8. 1896. The plaintiffs are to
make an effort to show that tbe blanks on
which Notary Coouey's acknowledgments
of Mrs. Craven's deeds appear were
printed after the date those' deeds were
executed.
Under cross-examination Stanford said
he had been in full charge of the legal
blank department for about a year. He
could not remember who was in charge in
January, 1896. His immediate predeces
sor was a man named Cashin. - Tho wit
ness admitted that his order-book con
tained many entries made by persons
other than himself, and in some of these
he delected errors. He was quite sure,
however, that his writing-* were all cor
rect. He did not think it possible that he
THE LATE ROEERT lft, MARSHALL.
could have made a mistake regarding the
order for 10,000 blame acknowledgment*.
The arrival of adjournment hour left
Stanford's evidence incomplete, so he will
resume the stand this morning.
ANSWERS THE BRAHMIN.
A Chinese Lady Physician Describes
the Ignoble Position of "Women in
the Orient.
Dr. Di Silva, a Chinese lady M. D., was
asked yesterday to tell the Women's Occi
dental Board whether the Brahmachar
in's account of women in the Orient could
be considered correct. The doctor, who
is a highly intelligent woman, and a grad-
I uate of an Eastern medical college, re
! sponded by giving a harrowing account
!of the enslavement of women in the
I Orient and she showed now they were al
ways the wards of seme male relation,
and never enjoyed any personal liberty.
At the business meeting of the Occi
. dental Board it was announced that in
I consequence of the New York Board of
I Missions having reduced its appropria
; tion this year, the Chinese and Japanese
; work in San Jose and ' Sacramento had
been abandoned. A strong hope was ex
pressed that the churches in those towns
would continue the work.
WHO FIRED THE SHOTS?
The Police Investigating a Row In a
Low Lodging-House on Pa
cific Street.
The police are investigating into the
cause of several shots being fired Sun
day morning in" a lodging-house 532 Pa
' cific street, kept by Margaret Kelly, better
known as '.'Tough^JVlag.'^c^i;^;..
The lodging-house - is . over a saloon
! called the Cowboys' Rest, and frequented
; by some of the worst characters on the
; Barbary Coast. JyJJi'JJ'JJ
About 7 o'clock yesterday morning sev
| eral shots followed by the screams of a
; woman were heard, and an hour later
| several more shots were heard. .One of the
I bullets went through an open window and
struck H. Simon in the heel, inflicting a
painiul wound. Simon has a second-hand
store at 535 Pacific street, and was stand
ing in front of his store when the bullet
struck him on the heel. LS -. : * ..
The police were notified, and Detective
Egan was detailed on the case. After an
investigation he arrested Harry and Fan
nie Lund and Lulu Smith, tnree of the
roomers, but subsequently theLunds were
discharged. The Smith woman is being
held pending further investigation, as
powder smoke was seen in ber room. She,
however, denied all knowledge of the
shooting.- -^ •'■-..:... .
Itis believed that some of the inmates
and visitors had a drunken carousal, and
some one fired the shots as a drunken
freak. _
—
Forged ' a Postal.
Edward Hart, a laborer of Oakland, received
among his mall one day a letter for Edwin
Hart. He found in it a postal money order
for $15 for Edwin Hart from a man in Topeka,
Kans., named Fox. _.^'.
Edward got a letter-carrier to identify him
as Ed Hart, signed the postal note as Edwin
Hart, ami was arrested by Postal Agent Thnili
on a charge of forgery. He has no defense be
cause lie signed his name "Edwin." and he
was a total stranger to Fox and the other Hart.
The fac-simile jfrf , ..^ ;.; ■■— ■* is on every wrapper .
signature of - i^ta^ff/^^fiM of CASTO&IA.
DRILLMASTER
MARSHALL DEAD.
Feeling of Gloom in the
Police Depart
ment.
He Was One of the Most Popu
lar Olfic.rs in the National
Guards.
His Untimely Death Was Due to an
Abscess That Gathered in
Hii Ear.
;--•-■* .•■ .- ■'_■■■■>■ ■■; -•■■■■■■; '-•::..
A feeling of gloom pervaded the Police
Department yesterday when it became
known that the genial and popular drill
instructor, Robert A. Marshall, had
breathed his last at his residence, 20),
Franklin street. *.'-:;"
An abscess gathered in his ear and al-
though he suffered some pain from it he i
was able to attend to his duties till last
Friday morning. The pain was so severe
that morning that he had to go home.
His own physician, Dr. Shumate, and
Dr. Keeney, physician for the Police De
partment, attended him, ' but he grew
worse. Sunday he was delirious from
pain and about noon yesterday death
ended his sufferings. - •■?
He was a native son, having been born
in this City on August 30, 1863. When a
lad lie entered the office of Neustadter
Brothers, wholesale dry-goods merchants,
and rose to be their head bookkeeper.
While occupying that position he was
offered and accepted the position of drill
instructor of the police department on Oc
tober 16. 1894. He was at once appointed
a corporal, but on December 1, 1895, he
was promoted to be sergeant.
No man was better fitted for Ibe office of
drill Instructor due to his long connection
with the National Guards. He was ac
knowledged to have no peer as a well
drilled officer and man of executive abil
ity. He was idolized by bis men and bis
superior officers loved arid respected him
for bis admirable qualities as a man and
comrade.
He joined the National Guards when 18
years of ago as a drummer in, Company A.
then known as tho McMahon Guards, and
in six years rose to be captain of the com
pany.
His military record, as given by Lieu
tenant-Colonel Duboce, is as follows: He
enlisted in Company A, First Regiment,
August 22, 1881; was made sergeant
June 8, 1885; promoted to the lieutenancy
September 14, 1885; promoted to the cap
taincy March 14. 1387. On July 23, 1895.
Captain Marshall was transferred to Com
pany C, Third Infantry, and on July 22,
1896, he was elected to the captaincy of
Company D. First Infantry, the position
he held at the time of his death.
As drill inspector of the Police Depart-
I ment Captain Marshall's time was taken
up to the detriment of his company.
Realizing this be refused to present his
name for re-election last Friday night.
Second Lieutenant Thomas J. McCreagh
was elected as his successor, and will this
week go before the examining board to
qualify. r : \t.'ihLJ
The death of Captain Marshall leaves
First Lieutenant Eugene V. Sullivan in
charge of Company D, First Infantry.
From th. time he took in hand the
drilling of the members of the Police De
partment there was a marked change in
the appearance ofthe men, and at the last
annual review in October it was acknowl
edged by military, men that their move
ments were executed with as much pre
cision and tbey kept as good alignment as
any body of men in the country.
In Grilling the men he was the reverse
of a martinet. When there wore faults io
be corrected he did so in a way that in
spired confidence and esteem, and made
the men do their level best.
He was a member of the Widows' and
Orphans' Aid Association, and a prom
inent member of the police choir. He
leaves a widow, and a son 9 years of age. ,
■ •■ . <'■-■•
FRISCO'S HIGH-JINKS.
The Popular Athletic Club Have a I
Jolly Time.
The annual high- jinks of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club on Sunday was the
means of crowding the club rooms at 431
Sixth street to overflowing.
Tbe afternoon's entertainment consisted
of songs, recitations, stories : and three
round, goes by the clever young men that
compose the club.
: Refresh were served with a gen
erous hand and every one present had a
good time. ***■
Next Sunday r the club will hold its an
nual picnic at lan wood Grove, in the
Santa Cruz Mountains. As great prep
arations are being made, it is bound to
prove a success. , '
Childlike and I Bland.
Tom Xl Yak wanted to land here from China.
He swore before Commissioner Heacock that
he was a native son; 'that his uncle was a
prominent Chinatown merchant and that he
lived in a village in China separated from the
village in which bis uncle lived by a high
mountain. "'"■'.*.• ■'■.." -.;■■
The uncle came on the stand and swore that
he had a nephew of thnt name who lived in a
Chinese village a block away from '. the house
of the witness. The village was on a plain
with no mountains anywhere near.
He was astounded when he heard that his
putative nephew had sworn to a mountain and
a different village and offered to put Chinese
Interpreter Jones on the stand to prove that
no mountains -were there.
The applicant for admission had tried to
pass himself off as his nephew.
Tom Xi Yak's counsel threw up the case, and
Tom was ordered deported.
SPOKE TO YOUNG MEN
Key. J. George Gibson at Y. M. C. A.
Hall— Chief of Police Lees
a Listener.
Rev. J. George Gibson, pastor Emman
uel Baptist Church, spoke to men and to
young men particularly at Y. M. 0. A.
Hall on the corner of Mason and Ellis
streets Sunday afternoon.
Among the interested listeners who did
not leave the hall until Mr. Gibson fin
ished his address was Chief of Police
Lees.
The pastor spoke of the hard struggle of
young men to find employment anu of the
discouraging rebuffs they received from
the selfish and prosperous men of the day.
He mentioned that the act of criticism
was easier to cultivate than the act of
sympathy. Men appealed to for assist
ance often turned about and asked the
applicant all sorts of questions winding
up with the remark: . "if you lad not
done so and so you would not be in need
of help." ;•.'•'"■.',"-
Here the speaker cited the example of
Christ who always held out the hand of
compassion before he commanded. Christ
melts the heart with love until it is soft as
wax and then puts on any impression he
chooses. J-.
The pastor reminded his young bearers
tbat 'we all have our temptations, trials
and worries, and that the reai helper of one
wearied and discouraged is Christ."
The audience sang "Showers of Bless
ings'' and H. J. McCoy related some of
bis experiences in seeking for employment
twenty-seven years ago. The kind words
which he received from one man then
were pleasantly mentioned yesterday.
In speaking of bis future plans Mr. Gib
son said to a Call reporter after the meet
ing that he would not leave his church
earlier than two months hence. He re
marked that it was not bis purpose to
leave California, but thought he would go
to Chico and there rest for some time.
FOR ST. CHARLES CHURCH
Parishioners Take Steps to
Raise a Building
Fund.
Their Fair in August and September
Promises to Be a Great
Success.
There was an interesting meeting ofthe
parishioners of St. Charles parish Sunday
night for the purpose of perfecting plans
for their fair, which will begin the last
week in August and continue for three
weeks.
The object of the fair is to pave the way
for raising funds for tbe new church-
Much encouragement has already been
received, one lady having collected $300
for the enterprise. The parishioners are
very anxious to build the new edifice at
Seventeenth street, and there is every
prospect of early financial success.
A newspaper will be conducted during
| the fair, and there will be many Interest-
I ing features. ; *'.-*-
Tbe following ladies will have charge of
the various tables: First table," known as
St. Charles booth— Mrs. A. B. Maguire,
Mrs. Ryan, Mrs. Bruce and Misses Mol
loy, Miller and Lamburtb; Sacred Heart
Booth— Miss M. S. Kelly, Mrs. Fitzaib
! bon, Miss Mactifre, Mies O'Hara, Mrs.
I Lycette, Miss Wynne, Mrs. Warren and
I the ladies of C. L. A. S. No. 9; Im
| maculate Conception booth — Miss Orr,
I president,' assisted by the Young Ladies'
j Sodality ; found table— Mrs. Paul B. Hay,
I Mrs. Kerr and the mem bers of the Arch
: bishop Riordan Reading Circle and Choir;
j St. Joseph's booth— Mr*-. O'Suliivan, Mrs.
I Bannerman, Mrs. Tracy, Mrs. Wilcox and
j Mrs. Meagher; League of the Cross booth
! — Mrs. O'Connor, Mrs. Nolan, Mrs. Dcv
i any, Mrs. Flynn and Mi-«s Nolan; Y. M.
i I. booth— Mrs. Morton, Mrs. Judge, Mrs.
' McDonald and Mrs. Loug.
FOOD COFFEE.
SAID BY A CATERER
To Be Injurious.
Did you ever live near Buffalo? If so
you know that firm of fancy grocers,
familiar to every on** in Western New
York State, Faxon, Williams & Faxon.
Their business makes them experts in the
good things of the tabic.
The bead of the bouse will tell any in-
quirer that when Postum Cereal coffee
was put into his own bouse in place of
berry coffee, it permitted them to enjoy a
; delicious coffee beverage and a gain in
health where formerly they were denied
coffee because of its effect on the health of
the different members of the family. ; "^%*g
Postum, being made of pure erains
only, can be taken by the weakest
stomach, as nature has wisely provided
that the grains of the field can be digested
easily, and as Fostum look-* like the finest
Mocha and ha<- the coffee taste, it tills the
want of the coffee-drinker very nicely.
Beware of the fraudulent imitation of
the original Posiuin Cereal Grain coffee.
Insist on Fostum.
DRUNK FOR TWENTY YEARS.
• A correspondent writes: "I was drunk on
and off for over twenty years— drunk when I
had money, sober when I had none. Many
dear friends I lost, and numbers gave me good
advice to no purpose ; but, thank Go I, an angel
hand came at last in the form of my poor wife,
who ministered your marvelous remedy,
'Anti-Jag,' to me without my knowledge or
consent. I am now saved and completely
transformed from a worthless fellow to a sober
and respacted citizen." ;-' ;
If "Anti-Jag" cannot be had at your drug-
gist, it will be mailed in plain wrapper with
full directions how to give secretly, on receipt
<->f One Dollar, by the Renova Chemical Co.-
-66 Broadway, New York, or they will gladly
mail lull particulars free.
MADE ME A MAN
Sfg^ AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
rJ "l -A. LI, Nvrvnas Diseases— Failing Mem-
IE? SCI or lmpotency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
W ,\\ by Abuse or other Excesses and India-
's | *H|h oretions. They quickly and , surely
. I , ■*/ : restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
_tS^-*^. fit a man for study, business or marriage.
"Tft , <JHh Prevent Insanity and -■ Consumption if
taken in time. ■ Their nse shows Immediate improve-
ment and effects a CUKE whore nil other fail In-
sist npon having tho genn'.no Ajax Tablets. They
have cured thousands and will cure yon. We give a pos-
itive written guarantee to effect a euro Crt PTC in
eoch case or refund the money. Price W V I Viper
package; or six pkges (full treatment) for $2.50. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
P" AJAX REMEDY CO., *»££?!£"
For sale in San Francisco. Cat., by Owl Drug o.
1128 MarKet St., and Leipnitz <_ Co.. '.50 Suit fist-
... , ■ r - — : — '■ ........ — ; — ~ — • ■■■•-' .j. j
Wilt's Iriflian VeptaMs Pills
i Are acknowledged by thousands of . person who
1 have us-'d tbem for over tortv years to cure .
X CX HEADACHE, GIDDINESS,. OMSTIPA-
TIO.N, 'torpid Liver, Weak -stomach, Pimples and
purify the blood. -. . . -. - - .. .'*■. . ■ - ■ ■ ; *
Grossman's Specific Eitin
• With tuis temedy I'cnoDS van i cure ? luem&elves
without the leust exposure, cnange of diet, or
change in application to business. Tbe - medlclns
contains nothing that is of ibe least injury to (be
constitution. Ask your druggist for ic. Price, $1
; a boitie> ■■-.■ ■■ ;, y.y. : 1
PROMINENT MEN-
Some of the Leading Scientist*! 'Agree
Upon an Important Subject
It is not only natural but just that proof
should be demanued by the public for
every statement or * claim that is made to
the public. When, therefore, it is asserted
that a certain article is not only pure and
palatable, and a most delightful beverage,
but also that it possesses qualities almost
invaluable for the human system, people
are ri***ht in demanding the proof. Read
the following: ,
Dr. William T. Cutter. State Chemist of
Connecticut, says: "Duffy's Pure Malt
Whisky contains no deleterious or injuri-
ous qualities, and its absolute purity as
well as scientific mode of manufacture
must recommend it to general use and
favor."
Rev. B. Mills, LL.D., says: "I have
used Duffy's Pure Malt Whisky with great
benefit to my wife, who is a confirmed in-
valid. I am a Presbyterian clergyman
and a doctor of divinity, but I am not
afraid torecommend Duffy's Malt Whisky
as tne purest and most efficient prepara-
tion as a medicine that I Know of, and
my experience is a large one."
Hundreds of additional statements
could be furnished, but tho merits of this
article, which hits been before the public
so many year.-*, amply prove in themselves
its great power and value. Do not be
persuaded by any druggist or grocer to
accept anything but the pure, the real
Duffy's Malt. ,■'::
PERMANENTLY ESTABLISHED.
PRIVATE
< Medical and Furgical Offices I
< for the cure of all Special ij
\ Diseases. Female Complaints, i,
5 Men's Ailments, /Nervous De- '|
? bilitv, Night Emissions, Sex- *>
/ nal or Seminal Weakness, Lost *|
? Manhood, Gonorrhoea, Stric- ]|
' C ture, Syphilis, Varicocele, Hy- I
< droceie, Biocd and Skin Dis- ( »
\ eases, and diseases of the Heart, **,'
'i DX. COOK. ] I
1 1 Lungs. Liver, Stomach, Kid- '!
I 1 ney, Bladder and Urinary Or- ]i
i 1 gans a life long study and i|
i 1 practice. Perfect cures guar- -,
i' anteed. Office hours— 9 to 12,'S
ij A. M., 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. J
'l Sundays 10 to 12 A. M. only. «|
J FREE BOOK on Nervous and -,
(■ Sexual diseases to all descnb- ]i
i[ ing tbeir troubles. If you can- ,'.'•
I not call, write. 1 Address *'
DR. COOK,
865 Market Street. San Francisco, Cal.
•♦•♦•♦•♦•♦•♦••♦•♦•♦•♦•♦•♦• '
I x GREAT J
1 OPTHEAGB I
I A FAMILY Ili ! !
,II HY 111
9 Which is an external and internal 9
X remedy without an equal. X
• HOTI NEW PREPARATION. BUT ONE f \
2 THAT HAS STOOD THE TfcST OF O¥ER !
J A QUARTER OF A CENTURY. |
J Thousands ofpersons all {
iover the United States 1
gratefully praise Dr. Mar- I
tin's Pain Curer and are j
never without it. *
1— • I
♦ The Curer h* free from all Injurious -£ .
9 and poisonous properties, and is 9
and poisonous properties, and is en- w
0 tireiy vegetable in its composition. It Z
£ tones up and strengthens the system, ♦
9 purifies the blood, expels bad matter ®
a from the organs of the body generally, S
i purifies the regulates the appe- J
irom the organs of the body generally, Z
promotes digestion, regulates the appe- ♦
9 tlte and secures a healthy state ol the 9 i
a system and its various functions. Taken a
\ *g occasionally as a preventive of disease, v
5 it keeps the mind cheerful and happy J
A by promoting, healthful action of the q
T skin, heart,* lungs, stomach, pancreas, ♦
9 bowels, l'^c-r. kidneys, bladder, spleen, 9
a spinal co^uin,.and the whole nervous Z
X system. It is also especially always v
• WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is unequaled •
I FOR THE PREVENTION AND CURE |
J Kh on mutism, Neuralgia, Falna in 2 j
<» General, Bowel Complaints, D.t»- m, i
9 pepsia, Dysentery, Choi-era Mor- 9
{ bus. Diphtheria, Sore Throat, X
♦ Pneumonia, r Diabetes, Nervous X
9 Complaints, Disease mt the Stom- •
2 . ach and Bowels Generally, Liver T
i Complaints, Kidney Complainta, A
Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, toughs. 9
Local and General Debility, Head- 2
ache, -arsche, Toothache. Sick- Z J
ness in Stomach. Baokache, Burns, 9
Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, J
i Colic. Cramps,. Sprains. ErJlses, ♦
Scalds, Wounds, Costiveness, In- 9 j
digestion, Skin Diseases, Exces-. Z
sive It-.-hings and many other - ♦
' complaints too numerous to name 9
here. In a word, the great Pain J
2 Curer of the Age is an unequaled ♦
S '' family remedy. X
5 Price: 25c, 5Cc, $1.00 per Bottle, ♦
A'L. CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for £
Z the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. J
9 ■J- -. ■ ■ K"'J ■• ■ 9
m For sale by all druggists.- The trade +
I supplied by ' Redington <_ Co., Mack *<^
■& Co. and Langley & Michaels. San ©
q . Francisco. ; ■? y '. ■ 9
»•♦>»•♦•♦#♦€♦•♦•♦•♦••♦•
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY HUBLIC,
V>QQ MAKKKT -T., OPP. PA LACK HOIEL.
DOO Telephone • 570. - Residence . 909 ' Valencia
street. Telephone ••Church". 15.
KEW TO-DAT.
* -AT AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY ...MAY 11, 1897,
At 12 o'clock noon.
at OCR SALESROOM, 63$ MARKET st.
Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisca
Van Ness Avenue Keaidence Lots.
SI L ( s°,Y ara co Van Nessave. an*l Krancisco
»:., in 5 i„*. r Kf subdivisions: 27:6x1^3 feet. Tula
£•£•" >°c»\iO<r for to_l_ „ces is on S? erana
boulevarcl. : hlcn la to be continued cut Lombard
.'rmfn'rf %£&£ " "wwlboo-m gram driveway
f.on _Ih o Cly - IS !;*- ar tb «- Government reservn-
t. on and commands a magnificent m., line view:
\*> _ , ? av.nue is bii «minlzM: examine this
1 roperty for choice homes.
Steiner-Street Cnttage.
„» D line t: _ a i 81 2) of -teiner st,, 82:6 fee: s.
of Bush; handsome window cottace of 7
rooms and bath: choice location; teiner street
bitumtni--->d; cement stone sid-walk* sunny ex-
posure, tqual to northwest corner: examine tnis
for a home; several car lines; lot 27:13x100 feet.
Point Loboa Aye (Kichmond) Corner
Lot.
SE. cor. Point Lobos and lOtb ayes.; an elegant
fo-ner lotfirbnsiness or residence, on thA*rrand,
wide boulevard; toiui Loi>os hve. Sutro rie
road; grand coiner lot, 32:6x100 tee:.
Elegant Corner Re-tic] Lot.
SE. cor. of Church and Liberty sis.; an elegant
corner lot for a ceutlenmn's residence: floe view;
cboie surioundmtis: several car Hues; lar^e cor-
ner lot, 61:Bxl05faet.
Hi Outside Land Dlock No. 1090.
A lanre piece of outside land block No. 1090
(comprising 39 city lots), sontu of Golnon Gate
Park, bounded by R and S streets, H'irl and 33.1
ayes. : lot 240 feet on R st., 475 . ieet each on 32d
and 33d ayes.
Broderlck-Street Residence Lot.
W. line of Broder.ck, 100 feet S. of Oak Jt. ; ele-
igant lot io build upon; choice aurrounlin;s; street
n basalt rock; comiics ie sidewalk; street sewered,
and lot side-sewered; several car liue-j; lv. 25x100
feet. . *-..-: -.:-;,
Twenty-Fourth Street Cottage.
S. line (No. )or 24th s:.. 25 feet W. of Doug-
lass: window cottage of 5 rooms, bath and
basement: 24ih-=t rars pass the door; street ii
fine condition; examine this for a home; 10i25x
85 feet.
- Ocean Boulevard Lots.
East line of 48th aye. (Ocean Boulevard), 100
Sof X St., and near ihe Ocean Hous». Th s grand
piece of property froms the ocean and boulevaru,
which is being completed: will soon become a
prominent location for grand home or business:
will be sold e-t.tire; 100 feet on 48tli aye., running
through to 47ih 240 feet, on which it fronts 10'J
feet, making this lot 10Ux.40.
Ashbury Heights French Flats.
West line (No. 28) De Long aye., 200:3 S of
Waller St., bet. Masonic aye., Ashhurv, Waller a**d
Prederic< sts. Improvements— 4 French flats of 3
rooms and bath each: full rent, $*6; near Golden
Gate Park; concrete foundation and sidewalk;
several car Hues; lot 25x80.
Large R chmond Lot. ■*
West line of 27th aye., 265 Bof Point Lobos. A
large residence lot, ready ior dim*:, near Point
Lobos aye.; electric cars; grand lot, 70x120.
.EASTON. LURID UK i A CO..
Office and Salesroom; 638 Market st., opposite
Palace Ho; el.
HUAVCaVniI Bore Tnro-t. Pimales Cormer-aai
MfIAICIUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores.Bj
BWUlcers in Mouth. Hsir-I'alling! Writo COOKH
■lir._E*)Y CO., SO7 Matonle TempleK
cßiChtcngo. 111., lor proofs of ceres. t'_pl-<H
njtnl, 9500,000. "Worst cases cured In lfiH
Bio 85 days. 100-page book free. Si
OCEAN travel;
PACIFIC COAST_STEASSIHP CO.
I STEAMERS LEAVK BKOADWAY _&____.
I O wharf, San Francis****, as follows: *g^*g?y
For i-orts In Alaska, May 1, 6. 11, 16, 21, -6
31 and every fltth day thereafter, at 9 _. m.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
l send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
I New Wtattom (Bellinsham Bay. Wash.). 9a. *_.
May 1, 6, 11. 16, 21, 26 nnd 31 every fifth day there-
I after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. it,
; 8,, at Tacoma with X. p. K. P.., _ t beattie with G.
N. By., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bar), Str. Pomona '_ p. it., .Va.* 4, 8, 12 16,
Uo. 24. 28 and every lourth day thereafter. .
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayuco***.
Port Harford (san Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hneneme, san Pedro, East Sai
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, it 9 a _
Way 2, 6. 10, 14. 18. 22. 26. 81) and every tourtu
day thereafter.
For San Diego, slopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Anseles) and Newport, 11
a.m. May 4,8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28 and every fourth
day thereafter. - i|~iHKii|inr W<hS|M*HJjiii<jb
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, L»
Paz and Guaymas (.Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 111
_. it., June 2. and 2i of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket oflice— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
OOOD ALL, PERKINS _ CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market »;.. Sfta Franclsca
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST SIEAMEES TO
PORTLAN ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 _. _*. f 'A.
FA T>"I?/*12 First-class 1 Including
-A lt__\*sti Second-class /berth <_me_'.i
SCHEDULE UP SAILINGS:
Columbia :. April l •■•■*, May 3, 13, 23
State of California.. ..April 28, May 8. 18, 28
. Through tickets and through baggage to a..
Eas:ern points. Kates and tonler-* upon appli*.--
una to
F.F. CONNOR, Oenorat Agon*,
:-.■- s^ : . ■ / 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS <_ CO. Superint.-nd»Ti
P^_m__Mm_U K. S. AUSTRALIA for
EflHlf: it v N O L U L U oni-.-,
ri-UI-Sw Tuesday May IS. .**.
™ 2 p. ii. bpecial party
.tfam^hinj " 'he & ALAMEDA
dCdllljlH^ sails via HONOLULU
/nfnß?l7U* and AUCKLAND for
VJJllipUliq;^ SYDNEY, Thursday,
May 27, - p. it.
' LInetoCOOLGARDIE. AnsL.and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS <_ BROS. CO, Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight oflice, 827 '■ Market street, >an Francisca.
OTIGiTIE GESERAL TRASSATLA IH^ 1
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIKB(NBW),42 NORTH _flj«-
River, foot of Morton ii. Travelers by «S-uPV
this line avoid both transit by English railway an I
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via ParU
first class $160. second class $116.
LA TOURAINE..., May 8, 10a. _.
LA BRETAGNE. ...... J.. ...... ..May 15. 10 a. it.
LACHAMPAGNE....;.: May 22. 10 A. K.
LA GASCOGNK Miv 29, 10 a.m.
LA TOURAINE ..-.J n-*-^. 10a. St.
fff For Inrtber particulars apply to .
A. FORGET. Agent.
Na 3. Bowijng Green, New Yor*.
3. P. FUGAZI & CO., Agent* 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisca > _^
•ftW IUMM-11-iICAI LISS
-^•^nß"Mq& TWIN-SCREW EXPRE-Si
-^.SS^^SSI line from New York to
Plymouth (London). Cherbourg. Paris <_ Hamburg
Columbia...... _>»>' 13 . COitimbta; :'..*;.. J.'n« 1 »
F. Bismarck May 27 'Aug. Victoria. ..June 17
Normannia.:.. .Jane' 3 I I- ir-lsnii-roic . . June 24
Ham r-nre- American Line, 37 B'way.V.Y.
KAHN £ HEK-OG. Agents, 401 California St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
mam •BTEAHEKS-:
Leave Pier No. 3,.WashlnB*ton st^
At 6 P. --• Daily. Freight received up
...*.-. to.>:3(> P. iL .
Iff" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone- .
The only line Mlliag through tickets and glvio|
through freight rates to all points oa Vallny
Railroad. - •"
STKASIKKS: -?AyJ
T. C. "Walker, _ J- D.Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 80S. CM. Nay. and Imp*. •_■»
FOR I . S. SAYYYARD ASD VALLEJO.
. STEAMER ••aiONTICEH.O.*'
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and- 5at...;.. .;..'....
..9:45 a. m. and 3:16 p. m. (9 p. ic ex. Thiirs.)
Fridays..... ...1 p. it.. 9r. it
bnnday5....... .......".:...;. 10:30 a. at and 8 it
Landing and offices. Mission Dock, Pier A
. .. ■" . i Telepnone Green 381.
FOR SASJokE, LOS GATOS &SAXTACRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVE.-**. PIER 1 DAILY
i_) (Sundays excepted) at 10 a. K. -.. Alviso da_v
(Saturday • excepted) as 7 . p. ist Freight and
Passenger. Fare between * San -Francisco anl
Alviso, 60c; to San Jose, 7i_ Cla/ si., P.«* i.
'mil W. *»_»* Clara (hi xiaa Josa.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THB MARKETS.
Coal firm.
Silver lower.
Wheat Futures higher.
Barley and Oats unchanged.
Cora advancing.
New oat Hay received.
Beans and Seeds J
Potatoes weak. Red Onions higher.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Egcs firmer. Cheese unchanged.
A car of Easier:; Poultry in.
Strawberries lower.
Navel Oranges firm.
Prunes continue to drop.
Provisions uncbaueed.
THE COAL TRADE.
The private circular of I. Steuart gives the re
ceipts of Coal at this port during the first four
months of 1897 at 430,100 tons, against 451,200
tons id 1896. and says: "The deliveries of Coal in
port from the various sources of supply during the
month have been about an average quantity with
the exception of English Anthracite, of which
there have been no arrivals for the past 9!) days.
Blocks of this Coal are extremely low, and ns
there is only one vessel nearly due, suppi.es must
continue very limited for some time to ceme.
Prices of all kinds of foreign Coal are folly main
tained ami will probably continue to be so, as the
outward grain freights ruling are not such as to
tempt Coal tonnage to seek this port."
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fl gui «-**■■
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
•jays: those underneath it. If any, the amount or
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredths,
•flurlng the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid;
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually aocomnanled by fair weather: "low
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lews" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure Is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and tho isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
but when tbe "low ls Inclosed with isobars of
marked ourvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" ln the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
wettber may be expected In summer and colder
weather tn winter. The reverse of these condttloas
•Ml produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department OP Agricul
ture, Wkathkr Bureau, San FRANCISCO,
May 3, 1897, SP. — The following are the rain
falls for the past 24 hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season: ,
Eureka past 24 hours .00. this season 49.26,
last season 48.05: Red Bluff, past 24 hours .00,
. this season 24.08, last season 20.85; can Fran
cisco, past 24 hours .00. this season 22.61, last
season 20.53; Fresno, past 24 hours .00, this sea
son 10.53, last season 8.16: San Luis Obispo, past
24 hours .00, this season 20.71, last season 17.62;
Los Angeles, past 24 hours .00. this season
16.80, last season 9.06: San Diego, past 24 hours
.00, this season 11.67, last season 5.90: Yuma
past 24 hours trace, this season 5.35, last season
.88.
tan Francisco data: Maximum temperature 55,
minimum 48, mean 52.
Weather conditions and general forecasts:
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the past
24 hours over Montana Idaho and Eastern Wash
ington. It has risen over Caiiiornia and Arizona,
lhe temperature nas remained nearly stationary
over the Pacific -slope. Over Idaho, Montana and
eastward there has been a marked rise. A a-ti
mum wind velocity of 28 miles per hour from the
southwest is reported at Carson City. Sprinkles
Of rain have fallen at Yuma and Lander.
Tbere has been a rapid increase in cloudiness
along the Pacific slop .
Forecast made at san Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. May 4. 1897.
Northern California— Cloudy weather, with con
ditions favorable for light showers Tuesday In the
nor. hern portion; cooler in tbe San Joaquin Vai*
. lev; southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy weather and prob
ably light sprinkles early Tuesday morning; west
erly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy weather and probably rain In
extreme northern portion Tuesday; cooler north.
Utah-Cloudy Tuesday.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— lncreasing cloudi
ness Tuesday, with conditions favorable for light
showers; southerly winds.
Alexander McA die. Forecast Official.
NEW Ili-R UAKKET-i.
NEW YORK, N. V., May & -Sharp advances
In Government securities abroad and a vague In
timation that the week's gold exports would be
less than expected caused an advance on the
Stock Exchange to-day. Most of this upward
movement, however, happened at the opening
hour. Later In the day activity fell off materi
ally, but the general tone of firmness lasted until
the close, In the bond market trading in Gov
ernment bonds was confined to fours of 19.5.
Tne tone of the marke. was slightly eaaler. A
comparatively fair business was transacted In
• railway bonds, wltn prices fractionally higher.
Louisville and Nashville, Jersey Central and
Northern Pacific preferred displayed greater
strength than the majority of the list, but on ligbt
transactions. The so-called Gould stocks, particu
larly Manhattan Railway and Missouri Pacific,
were exceptionally weak.
Wheat and Flour.
WHEAT- 10:30 11:00 12:00 I*oo 2:10
May 77% 783/- 7734 78%
July 76% 76 76 V* 76% 76%
September 7*.% 7«% 72% 7_3 /i .
December 74Vs 74% 74% 73% 74%
Spot, dull and weak: tab. afloat No. 1 Northern
spring New York, 81 Vs'': No. 1 Northern spring,
Duluib. 81 Vs'"'- No. a hard winter. 776,' c; No. 'i
hard winter, 78Vs-
Future closing: May, 78% c; June. 77c; July,
76 V4: September, 72% c; December. 74% -
F_OL"l- — Winter, bois: Superfine. $•_ HO®'!;
No. 2 extra fi 30@3 40; No. 1 extra, M 503
3 80-. clean, 8S 5(J@3 ib: straights, $4 25@4 40;
patents, 34 60@>4 85.
GRAIN FREIGHTS— New York to Liverpool,
by steam, 2d.
Dried Fruits.
The principal feature of the market Is the firm
ness in currants. Stocks here and abroad are
said to te very small, and tie uncertainly of tbe
crop caused by the war rends to lift prices. Tirade,
however, Is quiet owing to the firmness of the
market.
RAlSlNS— California, 50-lb boxes, 2%c; crown,
4*0)5340-. seeded, / 4@*j%c: seedless muscatels,
5V_-'->34c
CURRANTS — 4%"! In barrels: 4%@5%c
In cases: cleaned bulk, 5%@6c; cartons, 6*ga.c.
PRUNES— California, 26- lb boxes, 4@7%c; 60-Ib
boxes, 3V2W7C.
APRlCuTS— California boxes, 9@lsc; bags, 8®
lie.
PEACHES— California nnpeeled, bags, 6@B%c;
boxes, 7%@9%c; peeled. 1 2@lse.
FIGS— .ancy ordinary, 12@18c; fancy washed,
2<J@24c.
IJATES-Persian. 60-I_ boxes, 2Vs@4i / 4e; fard,
boxes. 434(j55c; cases, 5 Vi® -a
ClTRON— ll@l2%c for fancy boxes.
WALNUTS -Cul Itornla standard, 6%-; soft
shell, Br.
ALMONDS— SheIIed. 16@*29c.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff st, Tel. Main 1054.
CE.NTRA L OFriCB ' ***_v.^S(S sl — s_B3_S
eSS Market St., Palace Hotel. Porly & Atklnsoa
Managers Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown Oflice— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main luOl.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market *jn*>
tations. Reierence Ist National Bank, S. F.
taiCAoa ruvATs wi&s. hsw.yoi*.
Produce.
PROVISIONS— L«rd. Prime, $4 30.
PORK-Mess $8 75*39 25.
TALLOW— '-^fe-
HIDE*-— Galveston, 14c; Buenos Ayrea dry,
18y 3 019 c.
islijAß-Kaw, steady: 89-degree, '-''4: 96-de
gree, 3V4c.
BUTT Creamery, Western. 17c.
EGGS— i-taie fresh gathered, 10@lOV4c-
PETROLEUM— New York refin d, 16 05; Phil
adelphia and Baltimore refined, $6; refined in
bulk. $3 50.
LEATHER- Hemlock sole, Buenos Ayres, light
to heavy we Kills. 20@ •' ac d. 206823.
HOPS-steady: crun 01 '95. 2V4|®6c-. '96, 6
@10c: coast '95. 3@6c; coast '96, 6<§)llV_-
WOOL— Firm; domes ie fl-ece, i6@-'lc; pulled,
15@.0c.
Metals.
PIG TIN— Firm: straits. $13 25@13 35. •
PIG BOX — southern, $10@11; Northern,
$10 JO© 12 60.
. stocks and Bonds.
Opening. Closing.
American Sugar $11376 $114 50 ,
American Sugar Ptd 103
American Tobacco 70 00
American Spirit Mig C 0.... 10 26
Atchison.. 10 75 10 37**
Bay State Gas 8 b7V_
Canadian Pacific s*l 'ib
Central Faciflc j \.
Chicago i.as. 81 12Vi Bil2V_
C. B. A Q 72 25 72 7.".
Con. Has 1.i9 60 16125
Cordage — — —
Cordage Pfd
Denver* Rio Grande Pfa.
Delaware _; Lackawana.... 148 00 14b 00
Erie
General Electric 31 l'-'Vj 3100
Hocking Va'ley
Jersey Central..* 77 25 77 87V*j
Kansas <fc Texas, Pfd 27 12i' 3
Lake Shore 160 60
Louisville ■_ Nashville 43 75 44 25
Manhattan C0n.....' 83 62V_
Missouri Pacific 14 50 13 87%
National Lead 22 50
New Haven 168 00
New York <fc New England.
New York central 98 62Vfe 19 00
North Pacific
North Pacific, Pfd 34 75 35 12*73
Northwestern 103 26
North American
Oregon Navigation 10 00
Oregon Navigation, Ptd 41 50
Pacific Mail 26 75 27 00
Pullman ■
Quicksilver (Con Exchnge). 100 00
Rock Island 61 62"-. ii On
Heading. 18 00 " 18 00
Southern Pacific 14 25
St. Paul 7175 72 50
Texas Pacific. ■
Tennessee co.d «_ Iron IB 75 18 82V.
Union Pacific 5 75 5 75
U. S. Leather
U. S. Leather, Pfd 63 60
Western Union 76 76 77 l'-V_
Wabash. Pfd
Bar silver $ 61
Sterling on London, days 4 87
Sterling on London, sight 4 B*?V_
U. 8. Js. registered 96 00
U. S. 4's, new 123 00
U. S. 4's, new, coupon 123 00
U. S. 4's 11l 25
U. S. 4's. coup 112 25
I*. S. i's 113 37V
U. s. 6's, coupon 113 37 Vs
CHICAGO MARKET-.
CHICAGO, Fll., May 3.— Provisions opened
lower, owing to the heavy receipts of live hogs.
Outsiders were the principal sellers! The early de
cline was recovered In laser trading on good buy
ing by leading packers. The world's stock of lard
is reported to have increased 7000 tierces for the
monih of Apr.l. The spot market was extremely
dull.
WHEAT- 9:30 10:00 10:30 11:00 11:30
May 71 711% 71 71V* 71V4
July 70 Vi 70> 705/8 "<OV_ 705 8
September 66% 66' i tJ7V' 8 67
12:00 12: 0 1:00 1:15
May 70S/ 70% 7114 71Vg
July 69% 703'g 701-2 70%
September 6t3 g 66% 67 67
CORN— May, 24c; July, iSV' 8 c
OATS-May, 16S,ic; July, .'"■ i*itai7B.*«c.
RYE-34V-SC
BARLEY -25@35c.
FLAX -76c.
TIMOTHY— S3 10.
CLOVE K-$7.
Produce.
PORK-May, $8 62; July, 8 62.
LARD— May. $4 05; July, $4 10@4 12.
RIBS— May and July, $4 65.
BUTTER— Western, 16c. Receipts 3400 tubs.
-UG*-- Western, BV_c. Receipts 7700 cases.
Livestock.
HOOS-Llght, $3 80@3 »7V5i: mixed. $3 75*4
3 9'-V_: heavy, $3 40(g,3 90; rough, $3 40@3 60.
Packers bought 38,000, shippers 7500. Receipts
46,000. Estimated receipts for io-m»rrow 21.0 *0.
CATTLE— Beeves, $3 75©5 SO: cows and heif
ers, $1 90@4 35; Texas steers, $3 25<tf4 40: stock
ers and feeders, $3 40@4 40. Receipts 17,000. Esti
mated receipts tor to-morrow 21,000
SHEEP— Easy. Receipts 21,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
London.
LONDON. Eng., May 3. —Consols. 1121/*,; sil
ver, 28 1-1 6 d; French rentes, 102f 95c. ■
Liverpool.
WHEAT - Quiet. No. 1 stanlard California
wheat, 31s 3d; cargoes off coast, quiet ; cargoes 0:1
passage, rather easier; English country markets,
partially 6d cheaper; French couniry marries,
dull; L verpool wheat, No. 1 California. 6s SVid
<S6s 4Vfed: wheat in Paris, quiet: flour in Paris,
quiet; quantity of wheat am flour on passage to
United Kingdom, 1,4-0. quantity of wheat
and flour on passag- 10 Continent, 710,000: im
ports Into United Kingdom for week, 182,000
quarters wheat and -_57,0i>0 quarters corn.
COTTON -Uplands, 4V*d.
FUTURES.
1 he Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
5s 9%d; July, 6s 10% d: September, 5s 10.1.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $487
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables- — 489
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17 Vi
Fine silver, per ounce. — 61
Mexican Dollars 49% 60
PEODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OTHEK GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were higher, but spot grain
was unchanged. Quoted at $1 25 Cl 27 V* tot com
mon grades, 91 3001 3'iVs 9 cil for average No.
1, (1 35 for choice and $1 37V.01. 46 for extra
choice milling; Sonora, 81 3001 i>s for No. 1 and
91 3501 40 for milling.
- CALL BOABD SALEH.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 CIS, 81 2U; 4UOO. 81 201,4; 6000, 91 206/ a 
-10,000. 91 '-OS's: 32.000, 91 20V--
Second skshion— December— lß,ooo ctls, 91 20.
Rzoclab Morning Session— December— 2ooo
ctia 91 ao Vi: 6000, 91 20i_; 12,000, 91 203/..
May-2000, 91 35%.
Aftebnoon Session — December — 4000 ctls.
91 20 V*: *"000. 91 201/2- ■»
BARLEY— Prices show no change. Feed, 70®
75c; Brewing remains nominal.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No gales.
Second session— >o sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
AFTEBNOON SESSION— No Sales.
CATS— Are still dulL Fancy Puget Sound are
quotable at 91 3001 40 9 ctl; good to choice
*1 12-V.9' 25: common, 9101 07Vfc. Clipped Oat»
se.l al 9102 9 ton over the raw product. •
CORN— Prices continue to advance under light
stocks Large Yellow, 95c® 81: Small Round do.
91@1 02%: White. B*>©**-7V 2 c 9 ctL
ltyE-77Va®82V2c-t* cii.
BUCKWHU.AI— is nominal at about 81 25®
140 9 ctL ' ■;; ■
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 5434 bbls Floor.
OUR— Net vasb prices are: Family extras,
817504 85: Bakers' extras, 94 5004 65; Super
fine, 8404 35 9 bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC— Feed Corn, 920; Cracked
Corn, 820 50021 9 ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: 'i rah am Flour, 82 85
9 100 lbs: Rye Floor. 92 50 9 100; Rice Flour,
£3 75; Cornmeal, 9202 .5: extra cream do. 82 75,
Oatmeal, 93 60; Oat Groats. 84: Hominy, 83 iOO
3 30; .Buckwheat Flour, 83 25@J 50: Cracked
Wheat, 83 60; Farina, 84; Whole Wheal Flour,
98; Rolled Oats (bbls). 94 7505 15: Pearl Barley,
83 7504; Split Peas, 83 50; Green do, 84 .5 9 100
lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Ten tons new Oat Hay from Cornwall, Contra
Costa County, sold at $7.
BRAN— BI3 50014 for the best and 912 50013
9 ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS - 817018 for lower grades and
918 50019 50 9 ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, 816016 60:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 926 60 9 ton; lobbing,
927 60.
HAY— Wheat, 98010 60; Wheat and Oat, 97*3
10; Oat, 8608 60: Barley, 96 6008; Alfalfa. 96
©7 50; compressed, $609 60; stock, 9506; Clo
ver, 9608 9 ton.
STRAW— 2S,<6Oc 9 bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos quoted a*. 91 600185; Small
Whites, 8101 20 per ctl; Large Wattes, 8101 15
9 cU; Pinks. 8101 20; Reds, 81 1001 30: Black
eye, 6001 65; Red Kidney. 91 7502 20: Ll
mas, 91 6001 75; Butters, 91 2501 60: Pea 91
©1 20. -.-.-.—-*-* v-:T
sEEDS-Brown Mustard. $2 50-2,2 75; Yellow
Mustard. 91 50 9 ctl; Flax. 81 60 9 ctl;' Canary
Seed, I'AQiViC 9 lb: Alfalfa 6y_c; Rape, 2V,®
'_-*<*; Hemp, ac; Timothy, 4y 2 c
DRIED AS— Nilea nominal; Green, 81300
1 60 9 ctL
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Red Onions sold higher. Potatoes were weak.
Vegetables snowed no particular change except
firmer prices for . Peas. Siring Beans from Vaca
ville sold at 12y_c* lb.
POTATOES -New .-" Potatoes, v *_olt*c 9"i _•;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1897.
Sweet Potatoes. $1 60@1 76 9 ctl: Early Rose. 60®
65c V cil; River Reds, Co@7oc; Burbank Seed
lings, 30©40 c 9 ctl for Rivers and 40©60 c for
Petalumas; Oregon Burbanka 60fiMMc.
ONIONS— Cut Onions, $1 26(41 50 9 sack; Aus
tralian Onions jobbing at S3 60@4 50 %■» "1. New
Reds, $I@l 60 Veil.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 1368 boxes As
paragus. 482 boxes Rhubarb aid 1659 sks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers are quotable at 60c@$l 9
dozen; Asparacus. 76((£$1 25 V box for common,
$1 50@1 75 tor choice and $2 9 box for fancy:
Rhubarb, 40@60c *or ordinary and 65@75c lor
choice large; Marrowfat Squash. @7 9 ton;
Dried Peppers, 6@Bc V lb; Green Peppers, 26c
9 lb: Mexican Tomatoes, $2 25 9 box; Green
Peas, «o@66c "© sk fo common and 75c@*l 25 for
Garden; Los Angeles string Beans.' 10c '9 to;
Dried Okra. B@9c 9 lb; Cabbage, 75@85c 9 ctl;
Carrots, 26@30c 9 sack: Garlic, iy 2 @2c 9 lb.
BUTT-UK, CHEESE AND FGG*i.
Butter shows mere firmness, owing to the output
for parking Eggs have again moved up a frac
tion. No change in Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamkry— Fancy creameries, 13Va@14c; ______
onds. 12(31 9 15- . .
DAIKY-Cholce to fancy, llV_@l'_V_c; lower
grades, B@llc.
Picklko— 2 @l4V_c 9 15 for new.
Firkin— l3i/2*al4V2C 9 lb for new.
Crkamkry Tub— New. 14@14Vic -a lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 6Vfe(.*-7c 9 tt>: com
mon to good, : -(<-t>c: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc:
Young America, 7@Bc; Western, lie; Eastern, 13
®16c 9 lb.
KUns- Rancb Eggs. 12013 c; store Eggs, 1 ltd
12c 9 doz; Duck Egcs. 1.Cq,1,3c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY -A cat of Eastern sold at $6 26®8 60
for Hens and $4 50 ior old Roosters.
Local stock was nominal.
Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers, 13<a>14cfor
Hens: Geese 9 Pair. Sl 25©1 50; Goslings, $2®
2 25; Ducks, $8 Mi -1.4 50 for old and $5 50(g) 7 tor
young; -Jims. $3 50(3,4 50; Roosters, young. $6 50
ffl7 50: do, old, $4(34 25; fryers, ?. (cS6: Broilers,
$4 50@5 for large and $2@3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 50(31 76 9 doz for young and $1 2b for old.
GAME— Hare, nominal; Rabbits, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Strawberries sold lower. Navel Oranges were
quoted firm.
Receipts of Strawberries were 392 chests and of
Cherries 14 boxes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— .
Strawberries, $4 60(37 9 chest for large and $5®
7 for small.
Apples. Jl@2 9 box.
Cherries, $1(32 %* box.
CITRUS FR U ITS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at $3*314 9 box for choice to fancy and $1 25(282
9 box for common; Seedlings, $1(31 60 9 box;
Mediterranean Sweets, $1 60*32 %i box: Lem
ons, ■ 75c(a$l 25 for common and $1 50@2 25
for pood to choice: Mexican Limes, $6 50 9 box;
Bananas, $1*32 «4 bunch; Pineapples, $234 9 doz.
DRIED EKUIIS, RAISINS,' NUTS, ETC.
Reports from the Santa Clara. Sonoma and Va
cs valleys and from Visalia show continued drop
pine of Prunes. It is estimated thai the output
from the Santa Clara will fall below that of last
year. J.JA- "..'.* \
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations are as follows:
Peaches. 4Va@6c 9 lb; fancy, 6Vs- 9 lb: peeled,
htellc; Apricots, 6@Bc; Mooriiarts. 10@12c;
evaporated Apples, l@sV*ac: sun-dried, 2@3c;
Piunes. 2 Vi 3c for the 4 sizes: while Figs, 3c;
Plums, 4(54y 8 c tor 1 itted and l@lV_c for impu
ted: Nectarines. 3V_@sV_cV lb for pi ime to fancy;
Pears, 2 (a)4c for whole, 21/jjQbo for quarters and
S@sc for halves. ;..*.^- c-~"
RAISINS—
Four-crown, loose. G'ic: 3-crown. 4V4c; 2-crown.
3 /sC 9 lb; seed ess sultanas, s*asi/ac: seedless
Muscatels. 4 1 a c; 3-crown London layers. »I@l 'lb:
clusters, $1 50; Dehesa clusters. 92 60; Imperial
clusters, $2 60: dried grapes out.
NUTS— Ches*. nuts quotable at 8@10c: Walnus.
6V*2@7c 9 lb for standard and i»@9Vac 9 lb for
softs hell: Almonds, 6@6V_c for l.anguedoc, 3@
3V_c for hardshell aud B@9c "5* lb for papers h*-l.;
Peanuts, •" <a6e 9 Ib for Eastern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, .*®6c 9 lb; Pecans, 7V2'fl>
8c %l lb: tilberis, 7Va@Bc; Brazil Nu;s, 7Vaffi»c:
Cocoanuts $5(35 50 > 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12V for bright and sr<fi9c
tor lower grades; water-white extracted, 5*35 Vie;
light amber extracted, 4iA@4»4c; dark amber,
4*_4V2C; dark, 2@3c fl lb. "
BEESWAX.— 22@25c *? lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7y 2 c Vlb for heavy, 8c j
"9 lb for light medium. »c for light. 10c * tb ]
for extra llsht and 12c 9lb for sugar cured Eas:- \
crn sugar-cured Hams, 1-V_c 9 In California
Hams, lie "9 lb: Mess Beef, $9 »l bbl: extra *
mess do, $9 50: family do, $M@lo 50: extra ;
prime Pork, $8 60; extra clear, $14 1* bol; mess, ;
$12 1* bb.; Smoked Beer. 10c 9 lb.
L RD— Eastern tierces are quoted at b^c for ;
compound and HV2C lor p.i re; pails. 7c; Cal
ifornia tierces, 41/20 lor compound and M^c for ,
pure: half-bbls, BV_c; 10-lb tins, 7c; do 5-11) 7Vic j
COTTOLENE— oc lv tiuices and 7%*3BVsc In ,
10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS. |
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell lc j
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, He: me- :
dium, 7c 9 lb: light, «Va@7c; Cowhides, o%@7c:
Stags. 6c: salted Kip, 6 _7c > lb; sailed Calf, 7(ftßc; I
salted Veal 6@7c: Cry Hides. 12Vi!'*13c: culls and
brands. 9Va@-10c 9 lb: dry Kip and Veal, IOc:
dry Calf. 1 be; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 200860 each;
Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer. 25c .9 lb;
medium, 20c: winter, 10s; i-heepskiris, shear
lings, lOO'-Or each: short wool, 25(540c each;
medium. 40(550j each: long wools 50(a.75c eacn:
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, / i@3c V lb; Na 2, \
2 c; refined. sc: Grease, 2c 9 lb.
WOOL— -prlng clip: Mountain, ll($14c 9 lb; I
Foothill, 10@12VaC: san Joaquin, year's clip, 7@ j
10c; do, seven months, Sialic 9 lb; Nevadas, 10 1
@14c; Eastern Oregon. 7(jsloc.
hops— 6*36o tor lair to choice and 9®loc 9 lb
lor fancy.
GENERAL Mi-.RCH ANDISB.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. spot, 6c: June, Be;
July, 6ci San Uuentlu, $5 40: Wool Bags, 24@.27c.
COAL— Welllng.on, $8: New Wellington, $8;
Southfield Wellington, $7 60: beattie, $5 50:
Bryant, $5 60; Coos Hay, $4 75: Wallsend, $7
9 ion: Cumberland. $13 60 % ton in bulk and $15
in sacks; Pennsylvania, Anthracite Egg, *1 I'd 1 2 9
ton; Welsh Anthracite, $8(310: Cannel, $8 9 ion:
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley,
$7 60; Coke. $11 tel 2 in bulk and if 13 9 ton In sks.
SUGAR— The Western s-ugar Refining Company
quoifs, terms net cash: cube and Crushed and Fine
Crushed. 6c: Powdered, SVhc; Dry Granulated,
4%c; Confectioners' A, 4%c: Maunolia A. 4VaC;
Extra C, 4S/gc: Golden «.'. 4V<|C: Candy uranulated,
6c; half barrels Vie more than barrels, and boxes
j V_c more.
1 SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, sVa®Sc; second do, * 6c;
third do, 4341/3** -# lb.
VEAL— Large, b@6c; small, 6®7c 9 lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, S:*JSVaC; Ewes, 4@sc 9 lb.
LAMB-Spring, 6®6V_C 9 lb.
PORK— Live Hous. 3V4*_33/ 8 c for large and SV»
(0)3:14.0 for small and medium; soft Hogs, 2%®3c;
dressed do, 6®6a . ■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
JftV. '.4 HOURS.
Flour, or sks ... 3,ll6* Eggs, C 05 .....„„ 18,300
Washington... 3,0 4! Hides, n0........ -72
beau ctls. .... 6, 9 30 1 Pelt*, bdls „- 434
Farley, ctls... _. 7,935 Wine. gals. ...__ lO.OOu
Beans, sas 30 1 Brandy, ga15..... 4,500
Oats, Wash, ctls. 3,465 Wool, bis 1,027
Corn. ctls. 915 Leather, r0115.... 26
Potatoes, sks.. _ 1-86 Tallow, ctls. 120
Onions, sas 16. Lumber. Mfe «i. 10
Hay. tons „ 635 Quicksilver, flsks 60
Bran, sks 2,»97 Hops, bis 42
Middlings, ski... 390 1 Flaxseed. W. sks 312
Butter, «!»..._ 333 Powder, cases 6
Cheese, cm 10_i Lime, oois — 221
THE STOCK MARKET.
! Con, Cal. <_ Va. continued to lead yesterday and
sold up to $2 65 on the noon Informal session,
sales being large. The other stocks were slightly
firmer in sympathy.
The close was weaker. Weekly reports from the
mines are as follows:
Con. Cal. A V a.— ICOO level— east crosscut
started from the north drift from the Con. Va.
shaft station on tbis level at a point 200 feet north
from the station has been extended 30 feet, pavi
ng through porphyry with the face in ea3t coun
try rock; total length, 285 feet. Work here has
been suspended. We shall resume work In west
crosscut 1 the coming week. 1550 level— From
the top of the double compartment incline upraise,
68 feet on the slope above, this level, the north
di ii: has been extended along the footwall 25 feet,
passing through porphyry, clay seams ana streaks
of quartz assaying from 92 to 810 per ton; total
length, 115 feet. From this north drift at a point
17 feet In from its mouth the east crosscut has
been extended 32 feet, passing through porphyry
streaked with quartz showing clay separations,
assaying $2 io 93 per ton: total length, 109 feet.
1650 level— From the ninth floor sou. drift, at a
point 206 feel In from lis mouth, we are puillusin
sill floor sets for an upraise, which will start, in
quartz and porphyry, as saying 92 per ton. From
the incline upraise 1. at a point 60 feel above the
sill floor of this , level, from near the end of the
north drift, an upraise has been started and c irried
up upon the footwall 14 feet, passing through ore
2 feet wide on the sill floor ana widening to 4 feet
of ore in the top of th» open ins: where tne average
a-Bays are about 9200 per ton. ■ The north and
south laces, as well as the top of the opening, are
all In good quality ore. We have extracted from
this point 40 ions of ore assaying 8143 27 per ton.
one hundred feet north from incline upraise 1. In
cline upraise 2 has been carried up on the foot
wall *.0 feet, passing through porphyry and quartz
formation assaylug from 85 to 810 per ton; total
length, 79 feeL
: The old east crostcut started from the north
drift, 200 feet north from the Con. Virginia sha; t
on this level, has been leopened 25 feet, passing
through porphyry, quartz and old Umbers. Assays
taken from this place average 92 to 97 per ton;
total length 169 fee*. The total extraction of ore '
for the werk amounted, to 40 tons,* the average
assay value of which p^r samples taken from cars
when raised io ihe surface was 8135 11 per ton.*
in the Ophlr m.ne on the 1000 level west cross
cut 2 fr mi the south drift is in 688 feeL r. The face
Is in soft porphyry, showing s ams of clay and
lines of quartz assaying 91 to $2 per ton. In the
old Central tunnel portion of the Ophlr mine tbe
upralss from the end of the south drift from the
old west crosscut is psssing through porphyry and
J6SS3S*'*- • .• * * ■ I
harrow streaks of quartz as aving $5 to $10 per
ton. '■.. - ■; , • :
No work has been done in Chollar ground on the ;
Corns: during the past week. J
In the Potosl mine they, have continued the
south drift from No. l east crosscut on the tunnel
level : » distance of 30 feet through low-grade
quartz and irom the end of the dritt have t-tarted
east crosscut i.. which is out 2-6 feet in porphyry
and low-grade quartz.
i runswick Look— Con. Cai. A Va, Best A
Belcher uud Gould A Curry.-- Shaft 2 has been
sunk 18 fee; on the incline, iota depth 750 feet,
bottom In porphyry. 300 level— East ciosscut
1, started in ihe south drift from the shaf>, has
been extended 30 feet, passing through soft por-
Ihyry, clay and Lunches of quartz, to. length
800 feet. .East crosscut 2, started 13) feet
south of No. 1 crosscut, has been extended 10 feet,
total length 100 feet; free ln porphyry and quartz.
At a point in east crosscut 2 90 feet fiom the
main south drift started a south drift ex.end
ed it 13 feel; face ln porphyry and quartz.
Choi-lab— Good prog, is"belnc made in erect
ing the new boher, which work will be completed
in a few days. . They continue to siope In the main
winze, and have taken out the pay north of it in
the west winze they are down 3 floors/where 'he
pay is 18 Inches wide of a fair-grade ore 300
--foot level— north raise to connect with the 200
winze is up 5 floors, the pay streak showing no
change. It is narrow, but good trade. The main
stope is yielding as usual. 400-foot level— ln the
raise above east crosscut 1 thei- have been stoping
on the eighth floor on a pay streak under the old
B.ieak, and have carried it up to the height of the
raise which will be resumed, 'lhe ore at this
point ls Increasing a little in grade. 600-foot level
— i rosscut 1 has been advanced 6 feet and
stopped; total leng.h, 77 feet. * No change In ma
terial encountered in it. East crosscut 2
Is out 81 feet, having , been advanced 18
feel or the week, ihromh very hard porphyry.
The face shows some evidence of softer ground.
No. 3 crosscut has been extended 38 feet, having
passed through the hard {.-round into porphyry,
clay seams and streaks of quartz assaying from $5
to $9 per ton; total leng 67 feet. Have re
sumed wor.; in the face of the main south drift,
which has been driven 22 feet through porphyry
and seams of quartz giving low assays: total
lenth, 270 feet south of tne north line. They have
extracted and shipped to th Nevada mill 219
tons and 600 pounds of ore, samp: ini. as follows:
Top car, silver 21.07 ounces, gold $22 80 per ton;
wagon sample, silver 20.01 ounces, uold $2279
per ion ;■ battery sample, silver 16.67 ounces, gold
$22 52 per ton. Have shipped to the United Stales
mint at Carson •_ bars of bu. lion of the par value
of $6147 22, of which $3070 87 was god. "*S**f*****S|
It is reported that James L. Flood will arrive on
the Comstock to-day aud will personally inspect
the new development oi ore.
BOAi.li ttAIJBA.
ciiowi.-.r were ihe "■■«» lv the San Francisco
sleek Poard yesterday:
RKUUI.AR sobn'inh BKSSIOX. **nw t-faxßiittt 9:30.
200 Alta 07 200 CCAV...2.36 lUO Potosl ..-60
200 Andes 200 2. 41) 100 69
150 Belcher -.37 300 2.60 500 Savage... 22
1000 -. A t0... .7;- 400 2.46 100 23
200 Bullion.. ..li 10 1 lidiu .....34 .00 Beg 8e1. ...03
600 1.9 3.0 Mxlc. 6: IOJ t>Nev 69
200 Choir 91 200 0cc1dt1....19 100 Union C. M 27
100 Conn ...Lit IOJ 00hir...L15 MO 28
200 C P0int.. ..34J300 0vrmn....05 200 Utah 07
AFTKKNOON SESSION— .I:3I.
100 Alp**. 10450 CCAV, .2.56 50 Potosl 68
600 andes 26 4*OC P0int... 3 6 300 69
5'J 25 500 U A C 35 200 parage.... 22
100 Belcher... 4o 40J Mexcn.. ..5b140J S Nev. ...58
70' 8A8. .....74 150 Oobir... 100 Uni0n. ...30
350 Chollar. . .9*** suo Occdt 18 30J U*-a_ 07
150 ..91 1000vrnm....06 600 -J twain.. 3 3
Following wers the -musi in the Pacific Stock
lcaid yesterday:
BEQtTLAR rirt«giov~in:*?a - .
400 Alpha 1* 500 CCV.....2.45 600 Mcx -64
1600 Alta 07 050 2.47V*a 100 65
60.1 Andes 21 450 2.0 l 200 53
400 26 2 0 2.56 8)0 Occld 21
20 i Belcher.... 3*|ioo 2.57 HO) ODhlr.l.lo
500 3if 1900 ........2.60 6-0 1.15
60J __._■ 70 300 .....2% -*-* 1.17V-J
800 71 10) 2.6*1 1200 120
600 7.**,00 ...... 2.67 W-vO 1.22 Vi I
600 7*. Ixtxi Lonu ...l.iO 100 0vrmn....05 I
40U 7 225'J 13 1mp.. .11 .0 I I'otosi 69 I
260 76 .00 0 N 03 IOJ .....s*l I
51-U 77 10JC P0int.... 33 300 ....60 j
400 7Hi 00 34*301 t-ava>*e....2l
sni toullion....oy 200 Exchqr...O. iO'J "Scorpion. .o4 |
500 .; ...1 JOJ UAc;. _..33 58AM....04
.00 Caleda. ...l- >0J ............35 -ibi S Nev._...56
40) Challite...h6 1200 36 00 „..65
bO) Choir 9. 1 ISJO Si* -'oO 57
300 9t7-0 HcftN 9b .50 60
150 9bdoo Julia 04 400 Sll Hi 11... 01
400 91 (iOO .Of 400 ■ 02
1400 CCAV.S.2* IOJ Justice.. 400 . uion *_• 7
600 2.27 V. 10J Keniuck_o6 200 30
750 _. 2.3uj1800 L Wash 01 2jo Utah 08
100 2.3-%;l"00 .1,2,800 * j«mat..29
600 2.3u 120J Mexicanso'soo 32
100 2.42X^1400 o*l
H| Aiiw.vnnK kfrsion--?:T>.
7nn a )*-*--« 1« 500 C NY. ..0"'-)0 Occd 23
100 091*1500 CrwnPt.3.' 20J 18 '
300 Alt*. o'. IOU 36 700 Ovrmn....oti
600 Andes *^b|s-0 37 -'00 Potosl .....68 •
1 40 J Belcher. 4i .200 Eichqr.O. IOJ Savage.... 22
60) _A8.._..7i* o*_U 3d .od 8AM. ...04
•i JO 7C300 33 SO J 05 j
i 400 8u11i0n.. ..1P 70 J HAN 1*5 1.100 **> NT 68 |
! 200 CUllnge.. .3Bl-00 Kentck....o6 500 57 I
I 900 100 Mexlcau.. 64 \2vxl Sinrd... 1.60 •
700 Ctiollar...»til 100 53 500 Uuiou 2D
I 1100 CCV.-.2.56 *)< 0 Ny Qn...06j100 28
| 6jo 2.51. 50 Ophir ..I.SO 3LO U1»u„....u7 I
HOO 2.4. 150 1.17Va IOJ » -•**- 33 1
' •200 ..2.42V5500 -1.16 1400 34
200 conn.... 1.20 600 11/8 '800 36
CLOSING OUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. May 3—4 T. m. I
fif.All.td It Irt. <<*.*.
AlphaCou C 910 'nil* 04 ro
I Ait*. ... -07 ot lustlea _ — 06
' Andes. '.'il 2& 26 _eniuck....._ 05 t6
j Belcher 38 40 Mexican 60 61
lest A I'.eloji: 70 71' Nevada Qaeea — <6
i Benton C 05.... 10 —occidental.... 17 18
I Bullion Os 10 )phlr 1.10 LIS
i I aledonia. 13 ' 14 overman...... 05 16
j Chollar ... .... 96 97 totosU _, 58 59.
j Con. Cal A Va... 240 2 45i?avage. _ 22 23
Challencc* 000. 38 40 -corpion _ — *4 |
I Con. Imperii.. 01 IA ■- eg. belcher. .04 06
Conlldeuce.... 1.25 1.35 -liver Hill 02 13
con New Vor_ 12 — -ierra Nevada 67 58
Crown Point... 35 371 -taudard — 1.60
EastaierraNsr — ii m cat*. .... — 1,3
Eureka Cou.- — . it c. niou c0a..,.. 28 29
axcheauer . . — ' 4 .all DO '7
bbUidikUurrr. 33 35 i uUv« <»o*t*» 82 33
: 4i*ui*td.Aurcr*k — 99
k-OUa AND BONO EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. May 3-2 p. _.
TKITKI) STAT**- mi.Mll
Jiiri. / meet. | ATI* ASkSll. J
I tS4i c0u0.112V 2 U fc 4« reg... 109 HOVa
lo new issue) '.2 Va —"I y s
Ml- r.1.1.A-N BOXRS.
Csl-stCbleß».ll2 - Oak Gas 55.. - int
Cal Elec L6s — 130 |Lo2d is 65... 1071/4108
Cntra C - '■'■■ 981/s Omnibus 65.. 4 122V_
LpDl-stex-cp — 100 PAOKy6j. - 113
EdsnLAP6s - 129 1 P<tCh ity 6s. lOO^lO^Syi
F<kCHKHU»IO6V% - Pwl-st KBdilld 118
Geary-st Kss - 105 heno, WLAL - 105
H CAs 5 Vis. 100 ■_.'.;• l-acto AL. - 100
Los Ang L6l 2 100 bFANPKS_.IO-- 102V_
DoGnteed 6s — 100 »PKBAriz3i 92 Va 94
MKt-stCble6sl23V a I24»4hPBKCai6-|. 107 107 V.
DoKyCon bs. 1061/B io6V 2 SPKKcal6s. »6 —
NatVlnOslst - iOO .-iFBrKCal6s. £91/4100
NevCNgK7a — 1051/4|*-)V Water 6s. 118 Vfc —
N l'.y Cal os.il' 4 — bVW 4s. 1 005/s 101
N ity cal on. — — siktiiOdtEji toUV^IUOV
■ WilTirn STOCK*.
Contra Costa 35 37 l-spmi Valley 97*^ 98
i Marin C 0..... 60 04 | ■,;-,.*::■."•;:.
.." V !•- J. '-. Wh AND KI.KCTBTIS STOCIC %■
I Capital. - 30 I Paclflo Light 49 61
Central CSV, - sl* U_l-.lec. i,*!**, !-.T ..
{ M Eleo Light 93/. 9% san Franasoa °.S/g 26/.
OakULAH 64 6 4 V4 -ciocklou..... 13 —
1-wj !■»_ Imp 90 ' Vi j "JJ'-'.-j
.'SSDRANC-! ' KTOOKS.
Flreman-sFdiSO 182. |........*.
com- -.iti x-. 
Anclo-Ctt ... 60 — I First Nation! 181 190
BanaofCaL. — 240 LondonPAA. — 131
Cal _D AT Co — 107 IMerchKx.... 12 —
RAVIN .. IBA\K STO2-CI.
HerSALCo.. 1340 1375 A Loan.. '■_ lot
HnmbSAL.ltO) _ Security.. 250 800
Mutual 38 40 Trust.. 7B 10U0
1 _i'_»v Union 449 — |
BTRKKT RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 1071^ _ jOaks>L&Ha/ _. io*>
Geary-5t....- 38 — Presidio 4 6V_
Mai-aet-a1.... *3V_ 44 | ,'.; J y -Ar A*. ■"' -^
*^>Vl>_B BTOCKC
{ Atlantic.*-). .. It 17 iGlantOoa.... 29 293/1
Caiiiornia.... 80 110 1 V1g0rtU...... 36c 46c
j Eastern Li ... 80 " 82" Vil '.
Hl-*C|i:LI.AVKOtTS wrn'ti-
I Alaska rkrs. 100 103 iNatVlnOo.. — 7
I Ger Lead Co. 100 140 OceanlcSSOO 20 94
I HawC<fc_Ca. 121/4 12S4|Pac Anx F A 2 3
i Hutch »Fo. . LOV4 iO'VslPacßoraxCa 99 —
Mer-XAMU.. 90 — |ParfPalntCa 6 —
KALES— MORN INI* BKBSIOS*.
I Board— .:-.;■. "* ;
25 Hutchinson SPOa.... ......_, 20 20
20 do do ...._. 20 12V«
25 do do .:....-.........; £0 00
100 Mutual Electric Light. 9 50
l*-0 S Gas A Electric C 0............... 93 50
15 BY Water.;.: ...:..... 98 00
$lI,OOOS V 4% Bonds. 100 76
BALKS— AFTERNOON SESSION*. : r ...'-J-%
Board—
200 Hawaiian Commercial ; 12 00
200 Hutchinson S P C0'..... : 20 20
25 8 F Gas A Electric Co ...... ....... 93 60
10 5VWater.......... X.. .....;. ........ 98 00
« ♦ ■" — :
EEAL ESTATE TEANSACTIONS.
Theresa Lewin (nee Karsky) to Sarah Karsky,
all Interest in lot on 8 line of O'Farrell street. 66:3
X of Buchanan, E 31:3 by 8 90; gift.
J. H. Jeiiettto Annie Jellett, lot on N W corner
of Sacramento and Webster* streets, N 28 by W
90:6; gift. :'.;-*■-.
.1. H. and Annie J. Jeiiettto Charles Carpy, lot
on W line of Devisadero street,* 112 N of Post, N
26 by W 8«:»; *10. *- -■ . -
Louis and Rachael Landter (by J. B. Reinsteln,
attorney) to thanes Harris, lot on E line of Stan
yan street, 60 N of Rivoll avenue, N 26 by E 100,
block 2, Clarendon Heights; also lot on W lineof
Broderick street, 80 N of Waller, N 25 by W 100;
»10. ,;- - ■ ,- ..,.-..- ..J *.-.:
Mary W. Mastick to E. B. Mastick, lot on SW
corner of Clay and Oourh streets, 4 127:8V_ by W
13716, Lafayette Square; $5000. :
E. B. aud Lucietu M. Masiick to Mary de K.
Foute, lot on W line of Gongh stree', 127:81,4 N
of Sacramento, N '_7":6 by w 103:6, same; $10.
-' Crocker Es:ate Company lo Tactile I. - Burnett,
lot on Kline of Shrader street, 100 N. of Freder
ick, N2sby E 134:8%: «10. /
,*- Mary C. Fotlrell to Jane Chi. lovlch, lot on SW
corner of Sixteenth street * and ■ Albion avenue
(Becond avenue). S 80 by W 21 -.9; $10.
: Hans and Christine Peterson to Bernhsrd
urthn a in. lot on N line ,of Twenty-second
street, 2bO Wof Noe, W 25 by -*• 114: »10
Thomas and Mary Horan 10 Christina V. How
kins on *-i line of teenth street, 160 Wtf
Not, W26by 8 115; $10. .'- .- ■• - •
-ImdOlwn to Fiank 8. Grummon, lot on E
line of Florida (Co umbla) street, 130 3 of Twenty
second, 826 by E 100: »3100.
James ana Bridget T. ' Gallagher to Bodriuo
Knel , 101 on N line of 1 wentv-fnurth street, 92:6
X of Howard, E 35:6, N 90, W 5:6, N : 5, W 30, _
95; $10.
Mury 8. Moulton to Bridget McCarthy, lot on W
line of Hampshire street, 98 N of Twenty-fifth. N
254 by W 11,0; $10 -..- ■■■ <■
Luie Kuhn to Fannie C. Holmes, lot on E line
of Guerreio street, 621 :5 Bof Twenty-fourth, 820
by E 125: $10.- ■
Anthony Quill to Cornelius and Catherine Dono
van, lot on E line of sanchet street, 46:6 8 of
1 wenty-second, 8 22:6 by __ 100; $10.
William A. Sullivan to H. F. Stoia lot on W line
of Castro street, 75 8 of Eighteenth, S 50 by W
125: $10. ..*,:,•;
i-.llse Kohler to Lorenz) Seatena all Interest in
lot on NE line of Montgomery avenue. 137:6 8 of
Union street, i: 69:2V_, N 1, W 69:11, -E to be
ginning $2.
Thomas Fox to Katie Burin, lot on W line of
Priest street, 137:6 s of Washington, 8 20 by W
61 :3: also all Interest In lot 60 by 246: gift.
Eikan Naumburg 10 Fanny Baer, lot on SE line
.of Folsom sireet, 100 SW of Sherman, SW 37:6
by SE 90: $6500.
Fanny Baer to Daniel Meyer, same; $10.
Charles Ackerman to William Wanowskl, lot on
NW line of Jessie street, 376 NET of Eighth, NE
25 by NW 76: $10.
Adolph sutro to Peter Swensen, lot on N line of
Caiiiornia -treet, 30:2 E of Second avenue, E
25:1 V.. .*•*.* 93:11V 2 , W 26, S96:6Vi: $10.
K. W. and Mary E. Tansill (b. A.S.Baldwin,
attorney). to W. J. Lock', lot on N line of M
s reet, 57 :6 E of Thirteenth avenue, E 60 by N
100: $10.
Same 10 W. R. Locke, lot on N live of M street,
107-.6 Eof Thirtteuth avenue, E 2i by N 100;
$10.
Mrs. L. E. Hensler to John Barduhn, lot 36,
block 22, Lakeview; $10
Stanford Addition Land Company to Emma
Barduhn, lot 22, block 6, subdivision A, Sunny
side Addition No. 1; $10.
Stephen G. Williams to Williams Hardware
Company, lots 11 and 12, blocu 19, Randall s treet.
above Chenery, Falrmouni Tract; $I.*
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
Joseph Maristany 10 Mabel b. Maristany, lot on
VV corner of Alameda avenue and Oak sireer, W
160, N 150, X CO, s 50, X 100, 8 100 to beginning,
being lot 7 and ***> 100 feet of lots 8 and 9 in >-■ half
of block G. lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda,
quitclaim deed: $10.
Thomas is., Lunnle 8., Frank and Jennie F.
Dalton to American Bank a-d Trust Company,
tan -Fraucisco, lot 23, containing 4.66 acres. Map
of Thermal Hancbo at Sunoi ; also lot 28, containing
603 acres. Map of subdivision A, Thermal
Bancho, at sunol. Murray Township: $10.
Irving f>. Wat on to Lillie M. Watson, lot 18.
Map of the Hamilton Tract. Oakland: $1.
Emma K. llopken to Marie C. Hopken, undi
vided half-Interest; In the following proper* : I. o*.
on W line of Pera t» street. 30:7% 8 of Fifteenth.
825 by W 110, being lot 27, bloc* 727b, Map of
It bdl vision portion blocks 726 a, 727 a and
727 "tkland: also, lot on S line of Fifteenth
street, 90 W or . Campbell, W 60 by S 105:7V_.
being portion of lots 6 to 9, block 7iß, in tract
382, OaKland: $10.
liam A. Fisher to Mary E. Tasheira. wife of
George, lot on NE line of East Twenty-second
sireet, 150 NW of Seventh avenue, BW 60 by NE
160, block 136. Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Anson 8. and Anita K. Blake. F. W. and Carrie
8. Bilger 10 Kate J. Murphy, lot 19, block 2. of the
Highlands, being a resuodivision of blocks 1, 2. 3,
of the Tuohy Addition to Berkeley, Oakland
Township: $10.
Fred aud Nina Sandelln to Oeorge 8. Scott, lot
12, block 3, Beilevue Park Tract, sail L-andro,
Eden Township; $10.
Michael and Annie McLaughlin to James McEl
roy, lot ou SE corner of Curtis and Twenty-first
streets, E 100 by S 50, being lots 21 and 22, block
300, Oakland; $10. .■*'*■•
D. F. Ml.ier 10 Louis A. Miller, lot- on E lineof
Eleventh street, 350 N of Powell, N 60 by E 100,
being lot 10, block 23, Beaudry and Peladeau prop
erty, Oakland Townsuip; $.0. .•■.<:.
Annie E. Draper to Sarah J. Robinson, lot on N
line of Clement avenue, 90 W of Mulberry street,
W 30 by N 130, being block 15, lands adjacent to
Encinal, Alameda: $10. -.'•-"
Matilda A. Daly -wile of James E.) to Ole O.
1- jo and, lot 6. Map 01 Santa le Tract, Brooklyn
Townsuip: $10
Jams and sarah I. Coffin to P. J. Graff, lot on
W line of Boston -.Venue. 89.21 N of narrold
street, W 100.23, N +.20, E 10>.-3, S 25 10 be
ginning, being porn n of lot 1. block A, Champion
Tract, Brooklyn I ow.ishlp; $1.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Owilson. Vernon, B CO F Bean, Los Aneeles
T O'Be.lly, Seattle Mrs Westfall, Wash
E A Henderson, Los Ang II D Johnson, Nebraska
Mrs Miller, New Mcx A W Sheridan. U S N
11 Wolff. Bowlder W Eddy, Boston ''•:.-*
J Murray. Troy, N V M Montietb, Chicago
V Fay. Chicane H Dempsey, Chicago
11 Harri* Aw, Chlcaso R E DuncanAw, Chicago
J Armstrong. Denver CG Runyon, New York
11 Weteaof, Saciamento J li Morrison. Petaiuma
M C Whitcomb.Petaluma MCC mipton, Chicago
G G Hartmau, San Jose M H Bur-te, Folsom
BALDWIN HOTEL. [; . .
A M Seymoure, Sacto W A Kidder, Sacto
C Hlller. Fresno ..-, W J Barrett. Los Aug .
G E Nolan, Los Ang C H Poole. Boston rr
W 8 Lit. la Boston •- H- A BiowW C'oio ,-.'*■ ;
¥ O Charmack-, St Louis J _ Stanley, N V
J W Parr, N V ' * Miss Goodale. N V
Miss N Ber*ten, N V Miss a Hosmer. N V
J 8 Hll.'er A w, N V G A Parker, -Milwaukee
Dr M Hill, Les Ang H ACripp, Los Ang
\\ O French, Boston JP Elttenger, NY
Mrs V VV Flint, Chicago W G Hutcninson, Ls Ang
j.B Hart A w, Si a Rosa W R Cl rk, Stockton
M P stein, Stockton F Cowley, Mt Tamalpais
H Sillier, Fresno FA Johnson, Los Aug
J Bonner, Oakland C Scott. Seattle
PALACE HOTEL. ■
D H Carvallio. NY G Fletcher, Grass Va ley
H Dodge, Grass Valley B U Steinuian, Sacto
s s Goldberg, sacto G B darner, NY
J Murray, Los Angeles L W shim, Los Angeles
11 Brown, Loi Angeles B F Vreelaud, Los Ang
G Brown, Sioux City Mrs Goldberg Sacto
Mrs C M smith, Boson Mis* M W Smith. Boston
Miss H C Smith, Boston L i Rose, i.os Angeles
E B Babbitt, USA C F Britten, Phlla
C F 811-is, Nevada V 8 nollister, Denver
Mrs McCullagh, L Gatos F McCu.ia.ii, Los Gatos
D T A mea NY W Newcomb, N Mcx
i> C Hobart, N Mcx C S Haidy, san Diego
E B Reynolds, Indiana V Sterline, U8 N
J Furreli. NY T W Markiey, N V
A W Markiey, NY AC Smith. * V
O F Kohl, San MateO Mrs A C Smith, N V
Mrs Keyii"lds, Ind Miss Reynolds, Ind
Miss U H Kerr, NY W 8 SUtt, N t"
RISS HOUSE.
Mrs E Everett, Stockton Q 8 Rarner, Cal
M L Morris, Cal C T Hall. Los Angeles
E C Coats, Buffa' NY J A Emley, uakland
A Simon, Fresno H Marshall, Alameda
J shannon, Alameda F A Wilder. San Jose
E Ames, Ban Jose S Wilkinson, Los Ang
G A Roberts, Sacto A O (record, Ontario
C H Marks, Merced A Bnowers, Visalia
G Johnson, Gabriel / N Terrill, Portland
Mr Kearney, Salinas T Graves, Salinas .
J N Qulutana, st Louis Mis-i X Herrera. Jose
M P Holland, Fresno J Powell A w, Sacto
1 C Blylhe A w. Victoria o Anderson. Sacto
011 Sanders, san Bias E W Hansen, Vallejo
H Ti dd. Oakland ' B Litton, Healdsburg
H While. Fresno Miss T Jackson, Los Ang
Miss Webber, Los Aug Fru Taylor, Haywards
MrsW H Rowel, . Eureka Mrs F'utlmore. Eureka
V M Kng. lbrlght, Milton C Langford, Milton
O C Gr^gor A w, Eureka 11 R Wood. Cal
R L Burkhardt. Albany Mrs Btirkhardt.Aibany
GRAND HOTEL.
0 Anderson, Denver W E Keethley Aw, Cal .
J N Priest, Denver M Coulter, St.cio
N D Thorpe, .-acto ML Snaw, Courtland
M T Doollug. Hollister JF Da ey, rureka
EG Plaske, Kureka M N Newman, l.os Angs
G 11 Peters. Yreka - E J Feel, Tacoma
H Comer, San Bernardo J White. Ukiah
F McGanny A w,.> arysvl J U Seawell. Cklsh
De Wolf Hopper Aw, YB D steam Aw, N V .
Mrs Eckhardt, sacto Miss X Brenner, Sacto
Miss C Brenner. >acto C Hunsaker, Saunas
Mrs Bring, Mon:erey MrsTibets, Monterey
G M Hollin. Los Angeles C D *-iott, Portland
Miss Griffith. Ohio Mrs Barker, Scranton
M 1' Llvey. Scranton - Mrs Tayior. N V
Mrs Kendrlcks, Fa , KS Munno, Victoria B C
Mrs Edwards, "salem . WHTo pt Vallejo •
Mrs Ogden, NY «> Knhnert, Creston
H 0 Marmon, Indlsnap N E Plumer Af, Boston
Mrs Slnnott, San Jose 11 B Morris, Sebastopol
W T Davis.Scranton, Pa J William a scranton, Pa
G Kilburn. Newman . . '
'■'■ ■ kv_Aa >i I-.A -"■■-'-I"*.
Dates of Departure From Sj»n Francisco.
HTKAMKK
KKRTIN'ATIOS.
ma res
Corona
feUD 01.......
Pomona....
Homer
HumboUU..
Kuri'Kd ...
WallaWaila
Czarina
Farallon
ChlUat.....
Santa Kosa.
State of Cal
San Bias....
Arcaca
D0ric........
UmaUUa....
Columbia. ..
|>»U JJiPKO.
Urava Harbor.
I unmtxjiauia*
loos Bar
H urn bold tiiay
1 Newport
j Vlo A Pgt Una
; Coos ii»v .....
I Yaquina Bar.
i EelKiver....:
mh I)le«o
I l-onlnn.l ......
i urn a. ......
! coot 1iar..... .
i China A Japan
Vie *. Pet ana
l'ortiaii<t ......
I May 4. 6pm
I May 4. km
Mar &.1()am
Mar i). 2j>ii
May 6, km
May ti. * Vau
May 6. 12u
May 7. lOau
May 7. 9am
Mar B.llam
May B.IUAM
May 8.1 V! M
May HI. SPU
May 11. Ipm
May 11. Pah
May in Hum
Pier 11
Pier i
I r>l«f9 '
: Pier 8
i Pier .i
i Plat I L
Pier 9
! I'ier 8
Pier i
Pier 13
! Pier 1 1
iVr -i 4
FUSS
\ Pier 1 1
! PM 88
I Pier 9
i Pier 24
ST-AM-U!) IO AKKIVJS.
aer...
loent cur. . .
eka_. ...;...
kllon .......
r1na. ........
Eof Ua1.....
th Fore...
kat.
la Kosa
me la
uoos «ay...
Crescent City:....
Newport...
i Vaqnlna Umr
Coos Bay : •
Portland. 1..:.........:..
Homboldc Bar .......
■Eel River.... ...........
Sail Diego - -"
Sydney
! Bamooldt Bay
I Victoria & Facet sound
1ic0mi..... - •
Coos Bay...
Newt>ort .......... ......
Panama........ ■'■
P0rt1and..........*.
Portland.
Hombold: 8ay. .........
s«n (>ie«o ....... .
..May 4
..Ma/ 4
..May 4
..May 5
..May 5
..May 5
..May 5
..May: d
..May «
..Mar 6
..May 7
..May 7
..May 7
..May 8
..May M
..Miy 8
..May 9
..May 10
..May 10
| May 10
1011 a
•ti11*........
:klnaw....;.
ata
i Hay ......
■ Sydney....
amook
imbta. ......
nboldt
on». ..
-UN. MOON ANO • Xl-»J_
L'NITKf» status '"oast AXr> fiyonfTtc NrSVUT
Times AND Heights or Hiss and Low
Waters at . Fobt Point. Entbaxob ; to
Kan Fbancisco Bat. Publish**® ar Om
; cial AOTBoarrr or THB *sufbkint«_dknt.
-*• Nor*— The > hif and low * waters ■ oooor at t tw
City Front (Mission-stree: Wharf) about twenty
_▼*• minutes la*_-r than at Fort Point; u»" uelgtlt,
of tide Is tho same at both places.
May -189:.
Tuesday, May 4.
*"nn rises „......B.o9|Moon rises
BunHets:.... ..7.04|M00n sets. 10.C3PM
limp
i. W
Tlmp
i H \v\
; Feet
j' 1 ' 1 ' : Feet
0.50
H W
0.U4
1.08
•..06
i
L W
6.48
7.45
4.8
4.7
4.6
4.V
I. Wl
7.--BJ-a3;
B.IU — 0.3
9.00 1 -O.I 1
9.. 1 V! O. 5Ji
10.4»i 0.8 l
,11.40 o.B{
|H W
i 3.48
• 4.26
1 504
i 15.49
! 6.21 j
I 6.55
3.6
3.U
3.7
! 4.-J
| 4.4
I 4.7
2.8
•2.8
3.0
3.0
2.8
4.16|
5.36;
10.42
1 I..VJ
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, tha third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, -as sometimes
•ccurS. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th*
height, and then the number given is subtractlve
from the depth given be the chart*.
iXOXlt'£ xv jjiAitiNK-jr.a.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office located in th. Merchants' Exchange la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. '*--'- *-».
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hani. or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce. ■■■*:.- ..*•
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day irom the
United States Naval Observatory at Mare Island
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any, ls
published the same day by the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following day.
W. & Hl'MB.
Lieutenant. U. & N., in charga
The Time Ball.
Bbascb Htdrografhio OFFICE, U. 3. N."»
Merchants' Exchange V
San Francisco. May 3. 1897. J
The time ball on Telegrapn Hih was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the l'.Olh
meridian, or exactly at Sp. m., Greenwich tima
W. is. HUGHES.
Lieutenant U. & ti.. in charge.
SHIPPING- INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY, May 3.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson. 16 noun from
Mendocino, etc; pass and mdse, to Mendocino
Lumber Co.
Stmr Pomona. Doran. 16 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins <_ Co.
stmr Humboldt. BonlUeld, 17 hours from
Eureka; pass and mdse, to M Kalisb <fc Co.
Stmr Navarro, Johnson. 64 hours from Hue
ne ne; produce, to Gray <fc Mitchell
•Tug Tiger, Han oe, 4 days from Moro Bay; bal
last, to J Wightman Jr.
Br sbip Cara oc, Jones, 119 days from Calcutta:
gunnies and jute, to Ames <_ Harris.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Rock, 15 days from
Hllo: pass and sugar, to J D spreckels & Bros Co.
Hark Harry Mors-*. Lane. 91 days from Sydney;
1975 tons coal to Henry Luna <_ Co.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bodega ;
70 bxs butter, to Ross <& Hewlett.
Bchr Queen. Edwardson. 24 days from Mahu
kona; sugar, to J D Spreckels <fc Bros Co.
Cleared.
MONDAY. May 3.
Stmr Corona Jepsen. San Diego; Goodall, Perk-
Ins & Co.
stmr Mineola Pillsbury, Comox; Pacific Im
provement Co.
Schr Czar, Hutman. Mazatlan; Wm Olsen.
Sailed.
MONDAY, May 3.
Stmr Columbia Conway, Astoria.
Btmr Geo Loomls. Bridgets Ventura
Stmr Coquille River. Paton. Cooullle River.
Stmr Point Arena Johnson. Mendocino.
Stmr Areata. Cousins. Coos Bay.
Stmr City of Everett, Laverge, Nanaimo.
Schr Five Brothers. Wilson.
Schr Mary Etta. Wets-I. Phelps Landing.
Schr Czar, Hutman, Mazallan.
•V'- ■ Telegraphic.
POINT i.nß'is, May 3.— 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind SW; veiocl.tr 18 maa».
Jryjj Charters.
The Muriel, Mohican and W H Dimoad loal
mdse for Honolulu.
Domestic Ports.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 3-Schr Seven Sisters,
hence Apr 23.
TACOMA— Arrived May I— Schr Eva, hnce Apr
16. .......
Sailed May 3— Br ship City of Madras, for Callao.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 3— Schr Alcalde, hee
Apr 17.
sai. ed May 3— Br stmr Amarauoora, for Hono
lulu: Brsblp Dech mont, for sy ney; schr Compeer, |
tor La Llbertad.
DRAKES MAY— In port for shelter— Stmr
Czarina, hence Apr 30, for Coos Bay. -
BO WE AS LANDING— May 3— Schr
Newark, hence May 1.
GREENWOOD -Arrived May 3-Stmr Whites
boro, hence; May 1. :'-.. -
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 2— Stmr Rival,
hence May 1. • .■■'-..* ;
ASTORIA— "ailed May 3— Schr J B Leeds and
stmr State of California for San Fraucisco.
VENTURA— Arrived May 3— Stmr Protection,
from Newport, and sailed for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived May 3— Stmr Alcatraz,
from Greenwood: stmr south Coast, from Eureka
Forelen Ports.
ACAPULCO— BaIIed May 2— Stmr. City of Syd
ney, for san Franclsca \ :
VANCOUVER— SaiIed Apr Sohr King
Cyrus, for Shanghai.
NANAlMO— Arrived May Ship Elwell, hnce
Apr 'ii.
FALMOUTH— arrived May I— Br bark Iredale,
from Tacoma.
MELBOURNE— AirIved Apr SO-Brshlp Per
sian, iront Astoria
YOKOHAMA -Arrived Apr 29-Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, hence Apr 10. 'SSS— :
PANAMA— Arrived Apr 18— Stmr City of
Panama, from Cnamperlca
Sailed Apr 14— stmr San Juan, for Arajutla
Apr2l- City of Sydney, for Ban Francisco.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Apr 80— Oer ship Magda
lene, fo.** Fleetwood.
LIVERPOOL-Salled May I— B. ship Taymouth
for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed May I— Br bar*
Tweedsdale, for Sligo. -JJJ.
Importations*
HILO— Per Roderick Dhu— 4l,o7B bags sugar.
M A UUKON A— Per Queen— 72oo bags sugar.
EUREKA— Per Humboldt— 74,slß ft lumber,
862 Msninglps, 217 sks potatoes, 1 horse, 1 cs
cigars. 1 cs coffee, 1 express wagon, 1 bx meat, 21
tubs 168 bxs butter, 60 dressed calves.
EUREKA — Per Pomona— 42 rolls leather, 1 bx
fish. 3 tubs 9 eegs 34 bxs butter, 50 cs condensed
milk, 1 pkg mdse, 1 horse, 1 bx millinery, 6 cs
cigars. 49 doora 6 M ft lumber.
Fields La iding— loo M shakes, 3545 M shingles.
E R and E R R— 7o bxs butter, 1 bx meat, 37
dressed calves, 1 cart.
Conslgrneei.
Per Queen— Williams. Dimond <_ Co; Welch <fc
Co.
Per Roderick Dhu— J D Spreckels Bros <_ Co;
Williams. Dimond «fc Co.
. Per Humboldt— Nelson; Pacific Lumber
Co: C a Hooper <fc Co; Wolf & Son; J R Ripley; H
Huddleston; G Cohn & Co; Dairymen's Union:
Dodge, Sweeney <_ Co: C E Whitney A Oo; A J
salazar: Standard Oil Co; Brigham, Hoppe & Co;
Boss <fc Hewlett; J Schweitzer *& Co; j Hoffman;
Wheaton. Breon <_ Co: Norton, Teller* Co: Russ,
Early fc Co; Witzel <fc Baker; Western Meat Co;
i Hills Bros. ,-
Per Pomona— Amer Carb Acid Gas Co; Oregon
I Fi-h Co; Getz Bros & Co : Norton, Teller _, Co; B H
| McNeil: A C Nichols & Co; Dodge. Sweeney <_ Co;
I Wieland Brewing Co: Brigham, Hoppe « Co: Pac
i Coast Lumber co: Hills Bros: Higgins <_ Collins:
C _ Whitney ifc Co: Dairymen's Union ; Soon <fc
Van Arsdale Lumber Co; Wells, Fargo <_ Co- LF
Randall; Wheaton, Breon & Co: George de Lucca;
Butler. Schultz &. Co: 11 & s Commercial Co: Owl |
CiearCo; Rollins <£ Holsopper. •
RAILROAD TRAVEU
Santa Fe *ti&Bft
On MONDAYS and __^rags^£^&
THURSDAYS the first- JCgwrSjaMgM|
class Pullman sleeping-car roSBBtB^H
leavlnir at 5 P. M. connects IMttiZ_aWS*BM
at uaritow with th» Santa tHKfiT^SKSH-B
Pc limited train carrying JwBB^2_SESBB_r
dining-car, bullet smokini- mv9B(o_V______)_i
ear and Pullman palace jgjSS3wßr?ft*C
drawing-room sleeplng-cara \gSfl jg^-C-J^ ' jf 1
for toth Chicago and St. 9^^^m%o<'^3lf9
Louis via Kansas City.
31, Days to Chicago or St. Louis.
4% Days to . New York.
.Jjj SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 6p. m Pullman palace drawings
room, also modern upholstered tourist sleeping.
cars, through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex
cars for Denver and St. Louia
Boston excursions via Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday; St. Paul excursions every Sunday.
Ticket Office, 644 Market afreet, ' tiron*
-tola building; lelephone Main 1531.
THK SAS FRASCISCO ASD SAS JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPASY.
FROM APHID 15, 1897. passenger trains will
run dally:
bouthbound. citations. Northbound.
- 7:21) a. M.. ....... Stockton 6:10 p. m.
9:49 a. m.. ...... Merced 3:14 p. m.
11:10 am.... Fresno 1:10 p.m.
. for intermediate statlonssee time-table.
Connections— At Stockton with : steamboals of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and S.ockton
at 6 p.m. dally: at Merced with stages from Snell-
ings, CoulterviHe, Yosemite, Mariposa, etc.; at
Lau-ers-im with sage to acd from Madera.
RATX.KO TRAVEU
gOl'TlitXi'V PACIFIC 'COMPANT?
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* lei»»»- nnd nrK due to nrrlw ©;•* i
' MAN IKANIIMO. I
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) I
leave — , Fbom Mat 1. 1597. — arritm 1
~f6:OOA Niles. San Jose and Way Stations.*.. ....... J
7«OOa Atlantic Express, Ogden and East. S:4SP ;
7»OOa Renicia. Sacramento, OroTdle and
Redding via Davis S:4«*P
7:OOa Vacaville and Rumsey. . . . ...... ... »*»»P
7:30 a Martinez, San Rnmon.Vidlejo, Napa,
* Calistoga and Santa . ....... .«•»-»
•--JVa Niles. Km Jose. Sl^kton, lone,
Sacramento, Ma«j*s»ilie, Chico.
Tehama and Red Bluff Jl'lS*
•StBOA Peters and Milton.-.j....... ........ *W»1»^
9>UUA New Orleans Hxpitss.Merced. Fresno.
BakersOeld, Santa Barbara,
Anrdes, Deming, El Paso. New
Grleans and Bast *[*<£
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton «:?'•£
"^^fsan-JoserLiVe^e-^d
Stockton . v •• •o.nn»
•l:OOp SScrameuto River BhMSJHUj. » ; »Op
liOOp Niles, San Jose and Livermore 4 2:_2t
♦ IrllOp Port Costa and Way fataUons........ f -.4»1*
..OOP Martinez. San Inoa * S*2_k
Napa, Calistoga, El yerano and.
Santa Rosa • • r^:- ■•;,'•• _» *»-"•**
OiOOp Benicia, VacavlUe, Wooilland.
Knights Landing, Marysvillc, Oro-'
villo and Sacramento ........ ..... "-_••
_UM_ Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
* ceil Raymond (for Yosemite), and
FresDo, going via Niles, returning
*..S via Martinez..... ■>__•_-***.• ■»«»■»■
StOOp Los Angeles Express, Tra* ?'
Fresno, Mojave (tor Randsburg],
SanU Barbara and l.os Aiifc'ek-s. 7:*W_|
OtOOp Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave aud Ea5t. . . . . ... ...... *«■**
6:OOp European Mail, Ogden and East. ... **i^
OiVOr llavwartls, Nilesaud Sau Jose *i:_'*it
J8:00r Vallejo Viili:'.' W ** '
»:OOp Oregou Express, Sacrameuto. Slarys-
ville. Bedding, Portland, Puget
y Sound and ICnst 7»***a*|
" SAN LEANUKO AND HATWABDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
*«6:OOAl "" „ _. ( »'■«
8:0Oa Melrose, Semlnsry Park- _<£«__
io.ooa Fitchburi*;, Elmhurst, il:_3a
-111:00 a San Leandro, South Sant \HSS_.
:1 | ! oop J,eandro,EstndlU fe - j*:4*lp
*is£Z\' L « ren *« ) ' C, WH_! -,S;«p
_;2Sp -»<» v «=ii»J*
%?Z Hsywards. ' *«*£
7:OOp " tV_
»:OOr i Rung through to Nile., ™**
: :.Sp; ' Fr ° m NUe8 ' Jj-_--_-5
SAMA C'UII- DIVISION (Narrow tiuugej.
(Foot of Market Street) J
"j7:__A Cruz Excursion. Santa Crux ' J
and Principal Way Stations *■?*•»#
•:43a Newark.Ceiitervllle.Sau
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and \\ a*** ____,»
Stations •••■-. ■■•*•••
•8:13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New- 0. ,
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal War __,_
Stations ••••• • , | "'»— I
4: 15 Newark, Sun .lose and Los Gatos ■ . . a>g<>^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS mSCISCO-Foot of Msrket Start (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 '2:00 $3*o}
•4:00 tB:00 *6:00 p.M.
FromOIIUHD-Footofßroad***»y.-*'6:oo 8:00 W:__A.M**-
»2:oo *l-00 ta.oo *3:00 ti:QO 'B:OQpJt-
COAST lUVISIOX (Third & Townsend Sts.) ■
7:00 a Sau .lose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) ElaOfl
9:00 a San Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Robles, San i
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations _" "OP
10:40 a Sau Jose and Way Stations. S : ™" p
11:»Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:00p
•2s3«p San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
.i. . Gilroy, Tres Piuos, SauU Cruz,
Salinas,Monterey and Pacific Grove MO:4o a
•8::|-|p San Jose and Way Statious 9:4»a
•-:3oi- San Jose anil Way Stations *8:03 a
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations "Si-tJA
6:30p San Jose and Way Stations .° ! ,2' 1
■|l:4**.p San Jose and Way Stations ?SS-
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon. Ik
• Sundays excepted. J Sundays only, t Saturdays only
It Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
SIM FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot or Market .ik
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. **.-. 13-3Y
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. v. Thursdays-Extra trta
at 11:30 p. ist. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 _.«*.: 1:30, 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 P. it.
San Kafael to San Franclnco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:18. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 '_.__.
12:45, 8:40, 6:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trine
at 1:55 P. if. and 6:35 p. x. •«*■-**■
I BUNDAYB— *<:!<;, 0:40, 11:10 a. at.: 1:40, 3:1*1 "
6:00, 6:25 p. M. v-r; >-..JJ *
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
_*aye : »__—__. Arrive
San Francisco. I April 26, San Erancisco.
Wkkk I Sun- | ■ 3? ion . BOX- I »*«
-ays i pays. | destination. _ AY[ _ * DaY! _
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ah 8:411 .am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaiuma 6:10 pm 10.25 am
6:10 I'M 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:36 pm| 6:22 pm
Fulton, f *•• s-.*. 5 ;
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdala 7:85 PM 6:22 pm
Pleta
7:30 am Hopland <_ 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:85 6:22 pm
7:30 am \~. 10:25 am
8 :00 am GuerneviUe. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm I 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am j Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 PM ' 5:00 PM > Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 AMj - -- -- 0 , 110:40 AM 110:25 AM
3:3opm|s:oopm| aeD MtopoL j 6:lopM | 6 :22 pM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta lor Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and Lakeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ckiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottet
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bock*
nells, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Booneviile,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Port Brae*****.
Westport, TJsal. **
•Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b*.
■fond San Rafael at naif ratea
Ticket Offices, 650 Marketst., Chronicle butldlo-a
A. W.FOSTER, R. X. BY AN.
Prea and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa Agent.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
SPECIAL, NOTICK.
C3-EI.A._VG._E_ I3W TUMBI
— — BBTW—XN— — -
m mmm m portlam
COMMENCING SCAT l»t. *
/Oregon Express, dally
I at... .8:00 P. M.
___ „ > (Arrives Portland 9: 30
FROM 1 a. m. second day.l
-AN FBANCISCO faith _*.£ at^S pTS
I * Commencing Msy 3.
I (Arrives Portland 5:00 !
■rrryry :■;.■ ' a. m. secjnd day.)
/California Express,
I dally, at... .6:00 P. M.
-■- ; 1 (Arrives San Francisco
FBOM 1 7:45 a.m. second day.)
-.-.-.-._ _____ \Exour-<lon'rrain(every
PORTLAND. J fifth day lat 1 0:00 P.M.
/ Commencing May 2.
I (Airi.es San Franclsro
\ 7 :15 a. m second day.)
T. H. GOODMAN, H. B. JC D A ,
GenL Passenger Agt. Asst. Genl. Psssgr. Agfc
'IOKTH PACinc COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing May 2, 1897
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and* San Rafael— 7:oo, •SUA
•9:45. 11:30 a. m.; *1:45, 3:.0, 4:00, 6:15,
•6:00.6:30 P. M. .
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays M 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. •
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B -.00. *9:00,
•10:00.11:00. 11:30 am.; 1:00, *>IH6, *2:8..
•4:00,5:30,6:45.11:00 P.M.
11:00 a "** does 01 run to San Rafael; 6:30 and
11 :00 p. m. do not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to san Quentin,
- THROUGH TRAINS. '
7:00 a it. weekdays for Cnzad»r_ and way sta-
tions: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays. for Cazadero and
way stations: 8:00 a. m. Sundays for Caz-dero
and way ions; 9:00 a.'m. Sundays lor Pont
Reyes and way stat oim :
MOUNT TAJIALPAISr
Trains connect with, North Paolflo
Coast Ball road. *u|mralßagohM
WEEK Days— _ei-.ve& F., via Sausalito ferry
9:. 5 a.m. 1:4 5. 5:16 p.m. * r
- if? _JF*__!J? of Tamalpala daily, except Sun-
day , 1 :'ib. 4:20 p. M.
/ F*xira trips leaving Monday. W« dn -soar
Frlday and Sa-ur lay 7 a. m. Mo .day. Weda-V
dnv -"-d m nj-d--. 9: r p m 
BUN DAYS— Leave S. F. 8 9.10.11 _.«.- ! l -as
. :3J r v. * . .. ""• *.*o,
-.. : vt |-*.v.T!i of 'iMinalpals— li. 11-. v _ _,'.
12: 0 • :M1.4:15. :*.'si- m ' : J" v *** *■'
Tickts for sale In Mill Valley or THOS. cons
AbONS.6_l Market st., S. 1% vlaixiT^s^Sz
,tel). , Tei.paon***, Main boo*. - luaaer *^- i »«« ■*»••GHOSTS WELCOME
PEANS OF PRAISE
Even Salvationists Cannot
Lay the Adeline-Street
Wraith.
Fire Screens Dance and a
Ghastly Face Visits a Sleep
ing Lieutenant.
The Halle: vj Folks Declare Thai
Such Tr fl:; Only S-rve to
Amuse.
Oakland Office San Fkancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 3. J
Even the shoutings of hallelujahs, the
jingling of tambourines, the beating of
drama and the tooting of cornets and
double bass horns cannot lay a ghost.
This has been demonstrated at the new
train-rig home of the Salvation Army, lo
cated at Tenth and Adeline streets.
*■•■ About two months ago the militant
Christians moved into their present quar
ters and the rental was placed at a low
jure, because the house had a history.
„ ''The history was not altogether pleasant
and contained anecdotes of whistling
wraiths, midnight visitors and other un
canny things. The house is haunted.
Such spirituelle things as ghosts have
no terrors for Salvationists and so the
soldiers boldly entered the haunted
chambers, declaring that if any influence
on earth could drive out spooks and ap
paritions it is the influence of Salvation
ists. They started in with a very lively
. house-warming to which all the soldiers
and friends were invited. The stories of
* tne ghost were told and laughed at and
the burly cadets made light of the tradi
tions connected with the house. Now
they think differently.
.. A few weeks ago Lieutenant Sawyer was
awakened in the middle of the night by
some mysterious presence, and as soon as
• his eyes were properly opened he saw an
unknown face looking at him. There was
nobody, but simply features. He at once
arose and chased that face until it got to
the window, where it wont out and disap
peared, and the lieutenant has not seen
it since. He tried to explain matters by
saying that he had a nightmare, but this
..Can hardly be credited, because abstemi
ous, punctual Salvation Army officers do
none of those things which are invariably
the cause of nightmares.
Mrs. Staff Captain Merryweather said
last night that when they rented the
house they were very candidly told that
it was haunted. The fact was confided to
her that noDody would stay in the house
. long on account of the whistling ghost.
An examination of the house was made,
and it was found that there were several
speaking-tubes from one portion of the
old building to another, and the Salva
tionists at once declared that the whis
tling ghost was simply a stray breath of
wind getting into the speaking-tubes.
More recently other manifestations have
. occurred to convince the noisy inmates
I that there is something uncanny about
the place, is something uncanny about
the place,
' "The lieutenant told me." said Mrs.
M<:.-jy weather, "that the screen from the
fireplace in one of the rooms has a habit
of dancing around the room. I have not
seen it myself, but the lieutenant is thor
oughly reliable. Our house is a peculiar
one in some respects, but no matter what
ghosts may haunt it we ate not alarmed
that any of them will do us harm. The
poor lieutenant certainly got a fright the
other evening when he chased that face
out of the window, but as nothing was
found on the court below next morning it
is evident that the ghost was nothing
very material. The house has a lively
reputation for ghosts and the longer we
are here the more we hear about them,
Put I do not think there are enough ghosts
in all Oakland to drive us out of our snug
quarters."
As there are about a dozen able young
men in training at the home a lonely
ghost would not stand much show if he
should happen to be caught.
DOCTORS AND POLITICS.
Saturday's Work of tho Health Board
Wag Illegal, and the Ax Fell
. .. ". in Vain.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 3.— Matters in
• th** Board of Health are considerably
mixed. O.i Saturday, as published, the
new board met and proceeded without
delay to turn out all the officials of the
••'board and elect their successors. City
Attorney Dow has now rendered an
opinion that the meeting was entirely
illegal and, consequently, all their acts
were null and void, as proper notices were
not sent out.
Tnis leaves the board in an unorganized
condition, without a president, and to
make matters more complex, Dr. A. E.
Small," the family physician of the Mayor,
tendered his resignation. The speed
with which matters were carried out on
Saturday clearly shows that a programme
had been prepared before the doctors took
Ottice, as their appointments were only
fiied early in the morning and thoy met
and changed all the patronage before 2
*" o'clock.
.The resignation of Dr. Small comes as a
great surprise and has added considerable
.interest to what is now a political sensa
tion. .Dr. Small attended the Mayor all
througn the last political campaign, wh*»n
Mr. Thomas was seriously ill, and the
•only. time he appeared on a public plat
form was when he was accompanied by
bis doctor. In the resignation is an under
lined phrase which reads "I always keep
my word," and this has caused much
comment.
An effort was made to-day to call an
other meeting of the Board of Health for
the purpose of legally making the changes
'•in patronage. As there is no president
■ this could only be done by getting the
' signature of three members. Dr. Cham
'. berlain, one of the homeopathic hold
overs, would not sien and of the three
members Dr. Brinckerhoff is out of
town, consequently no meeting could be
held.
In the meantime the members of the
board and Mayor Thomas are trying to
toss the ball of responsibility for Satur
day's hasty proceedings from one to the
other.
Harry Thomas, secretary of the Board
of Works, said his father did not make up
any programme, but that the members of
the Board of Health acted on their own
judgment. .As young Thomas, on account
of his father's illness, was hit right-hand
man during the campaign his utterances
may De regarded as correct.
■ On the other hand one of the three new
members stated he was presented with a
paper containing a list of the changes to
be made, but be declined to say from
whom he received it.
It is now possible that the slate may be
broken. Republicans are makine a loud
protest at the appointment of Dr. Siim
, son for veterinary surgeon and the re
moval of Dr. Pierce. Stimson was an
' out-and-out worker for the fusionists last
-November, while Pierce has always been
an ardent Republican. Paul Schaffer, the
secretary, whose place was illegally given
on Saturday to H. K. Snow, is the son-in
law of Captain Hunt, who worked actively
and spent his money freely in the Repub
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
lican cause and especially for Captain
Thomas, and it is stated that Captain
Thomas promised Hunt that Schtiffer
should not be disturbed, and that the
underlined phrase in Dr. Small's resigna
tion has more than ordinary significance.
Politicians are busy to-night trying to
ferret out the meaning of the whole affair.
This evening the necessary three signa
tures to call a special meeting were ob
tained and the board will meet at 9 o'clock
to-morrow morning.
HILL TO BE BAPTIZED
Dr. Kiimmer Will Receive the Mur
derer Into the M. E. Church.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 3.— To-morrow
afternoon at 2 o'clock Benjamin Hill, the
wife-murderer, whose appeal to the Su
preme Court has been denied, will be bap
tized in the Methodist faith by Dr. Kum
mer in the County Jail.
For several months Hill has professed
conversion, and A. B. Deming, one of his
spiritual advisers, has urged him to be
immersed, according to Scripture, but as
the Methodist faith allows either method,
the form known as "sprinkling" will be
used.
Contrary to the usual custom in such
cases, Hill's jailers believe him to be sin
cere, as he has practiced for several months
what he has preached. When his desire
lor baptism was made known to the Sheriff
he consented to allow the ceremony to be
performed in the jail, and Dr. Kummer
was selected to perform the service.
"The reason I am to be baptized," said
Hill this morning, "is I believe tbe Lord
desires it. 1 intend to obey the command
of Scripture, as lam a Christian. If the
Lord wills I am ready to be hanged at
any time, but if not I shall devote my
life to trying to save the souls of the un
fortunates in the prison."
Hill's attorneys are still trying to save
him from, the gallows, and as soon as he
is resentenced Attorney Bradley will ap
ply to the Governor for a commutation of
sentence. In the meantime a petition is
being circulated on behalf of the con
demned man.
HOAG CHOSEN CAPTAIN.
Berkeley Honors the Successful Base
ball Player.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 3 —William B. '
Hoag, familiarly known among his fel
lows as ''Diddy," has been chosen captain
of the victorious University of California
baseball team for the year 1897-9 S. By a
unanimous vote cast last night st tho
banquet of the team after the game the
plucky little center-fielder, who has prob
ably won more distinction for the Berke
ley nine this season than any other man,
excepting perhaps Captain Elston, was
elected to lead the team of IS9S.
Hoag's career in the diamond has been
a particularly brilliant one. During the
season of games just closed he piled up a
list of more home runs than any other
man on the team, and in the three con
tests with Stanford did not make a single
error.
COLLEGE AND RELIGION.
Grneral Tendency at Berkeley
Declared to Be Not Anti-
Christian.
Seniors Express Their Views on the
Matter at Trinity Methodist
Chnrch.
BERKELEY, Cal,, May 3.— The Uni
versity of California is not altogether a
•oul-destroying institution, according to
the sentiments of a symposium of seniors
at Trinity Methodist Church last evening.
The members of the graduating class who
are connected with the church were in
vited by Dr. Bentley, the pastor, to ex- j
press their views on "The Religious Ele
ment in Education, Viewed from the
Standpoint of Experience." The entire
evening was turned over to the student
speakers, and a large concourse gathered
to hear them.
Two of the prospective graduates — Miss
A. R. Kemble and A. G. Van Gorder — had
found in their college life influences anti
religious, but not over powerful, while the
remainder declared Berkeley to be a good
place for spiritual erowth.
"I never knew," said Miss Kemble,
"what it was to be criticized for being a
Christian until I came here. I nuver had
to face sarcasm for that before."
Before coming to Berkeley the lady had
studied in a sectarian school in the East.
She drew a comparison between that in
stitution and California, declaring it to be
impossible for the latter, as a State uni
versity, to teach religion, but the students
at Berkeley need not lose grace.
Van Gorder, who is to be one of the
commencement speakers, declared that a
college course raises doubts in religious
matters. In the preparatory schools it is
the memory that is exercised, but in col
lege years reason is cultivated and a phil
osophical mind is developed in every true
student. Of course, doubts are raised, and
they ought to be. The mind is enlarged
and new points of view are developed.
S. W. Cartwright said that Berkeley has
a bad reputation in the interior, where
those who go to join its ranks are consid
ered "lost." He opposed such a view and
maintained that he had found a better
Christian atmosphere in Berkeley than
where else he had been. P&^SKQHi
Miss E. Turner also stated that there is
no need for university students to drop
religion, and L. E. Reynolds declared that
he had been warned that the University
of California was a bad place for souls,
but he had tried to develop mind and soul
together.
Brief Items.
The Berkeley Bible Seminary closed last Sat
urday for tbe summer vacation.
A students' excursion is being arranged for
those who go to Los Angeles and the interior
towns for their vacation.
Instructor Frank Dunn of the State Uni
versity has succeeded Professor Blockledge as
head master of Peralta Academy.
Point Isabel has been sold for $29,000 to the
Pinole Powder Company to be used as a site
for the erection of chemical works.
The seniors of the Berkeley High School will
present a "Scrap of Paper" in Shattuck Hall,
on June 1. The closing exercises of the school
fall on June 4.
The Berkeley Floral Socletv will meet next
Wednesday evening at Stiles" Hall. Professor
C. W. Woodworih will tell "How to .Extermi
nate Garden Pests."
Extensive preparations are being made for
the minstrel and vaudeville entertainment to
be given at Shattuck Hall next Friday even
ing by the university students.
Dr. William R. Alger, pastor of the Unitarian
Society, will leave for Oregon this week to
speak before the annual Pacific Coast confer
ence of liberal religion, to be held at Portland.
Last Saturday was the last day lor the filing
of applications for scholarships at the State
University. Two hundred and fifty applica
tions were made for the sixty available scholar
ships.
Next Saturday will be class day at the uni
versity. All the Greek letter fraternities will
entertain. The usual spectacular perform
ance by the senior class will take place ln the
afternoon at the amphitheater back of the
chemistry building. _- _
Big 1 obacco Experiment.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 3.— E. C. Hahn
of Livermore will commence this wees
the planting of fifteen acres of tobacco
seed a few miles from town. He has en-'
gaged the services of .an expert who has
long been in the business in tbe Southern
States and who will have full control of
the culture and curing of the weed.
Mr. Hahn has been very successful in
his experiments with tobacco and this
year will plant Sumatra and Havana
brand*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1897.
BORN ON A BED
OF NEWSPAPERS
I ..*■■■ ■■';.*
Pitiful Experience of a
Young Mother in the
Chabot Home.
Deserted by Her Husband aDd
Unable to Support Herself
and Little Ones.
The Father Said Farewell and N*ver
Cam Back, bat Followed a
Fake Friend's Advice
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 3. j
Mrs. Thomas P. Craig, who bas been
admitted to the Chabot Home, tells a
story or poverty and desertion such as is
rarely met with even in an institution
where cases such as hers are common. -
According to the woman's story she was
in such poverty when her little baby was
born that newspapers were the only cov
ing on her bed. Two months ago Mrs.
Craig was the happy wife of Thomas
The Two Little Craigs, Who Have Been Deserted by Their Father.
Craig of San Francisco, who was con
nected with the Pacific Coast Dental and
Medical Collection Agency. They then
lived on Mission street, near Sixth, in San
Francisco, and on the 15th of last -month
her landlady told her to vacate her rooms,
as the rent was long unpaid.
Some days afterward the landlady took
possession of all Mrs. Craig's personal
property, but worse than all, stripped the
bedclothing from the bed. The night this
occurred a little girl was born and the
only substitute for clothing was a parcel
of newspapers. At this time the family
was practically penniless.
"When the baby was a week old," said
Mrs. Craig, "my husband came home,
kissed us all good-by and said he would be
back shortly, but he never returned again.
I cannot account for his disappearance
and I have made inquiries wherever he
was known, but no tidings have been re
ceived. The kindliest construction I can
put upon his strange conduct is that his
mind may have become unbalanced and
he has wandered off.
"I am, however, inclined to the opinion
that he has been persuaded to forsake his
family through the influence of one of bis
iormer partners. One night on the other
side of the folding doors I overheard a
conversation between my husband and the
man I refer to. He was persuading Mr.
Craig to leave his family and urging him
not to be tied up to a wife and liitle chil
dren. My husband refused to entertain
his proposition, but a lew days later he
disappeared. I have written to all places
where be was known, but with no result.
"In my helpless and desperate condi
tion, with the landlady threatening to put
me and my babies on the street, I was
compelled to tell my story to my friends.
I came to Oakland with a friend and was
taken to the home of Mrs. Lane, a kind
hearted member of the Baptist church,
who kept us a week. -,.•--%_,.'*
"Our case was then presented to the
Chabot Home and we were brought here.
1 am in a desperate condition, but cannot
think of parting with my children, and at
present I cannot see how it is possible for
me to obtain work and keep them with
me. I have no plans, and am simply
waiting and hoping that my husband will
be found."
Mr. Craig is a well-educated gentlemanly
Scotchman, and has always shown a
marked loyalty and devotion to his fam
ily. His strange conduct cannot be ex
plained by any of his friends, but the mis
erable little woman, who is youne and
frail, is still pursuing her inquiries, in the
hope that in some manner she may find
relief. j - ' * - - JyyJtir^
BORNE TO THE TOMB.
Fmll Nuibanmer and Eddie Hall Burled
From Their Late Homes. -,.%.,
OAKLAND, Cal., May 3.— Emil Nus
baumer and Eddie Hall, the young lads
drowned in Lake Merritt Saturday even
ing, were buried from their respective
homes this afternoon. -V., ?
At the Nusbaumer home Rev. C. H.
Hobart conducted the simple ceremonies,
and the pallbearers were A. A. Moore Jr.,
G. E. Jackson, N. A. Griffin and H. N.
North.
Dr. C. W. Wendte conducted the cere
monies at the Hall residence, and when it
was over six schoolmates of the unfortu
nate lad bore * the remains to the hearse.
They were Robert Jordan,.. Howard Met
calf, John Goodman, Shirley Houghton,
Victor Metcalf and Robert Weller. • "
The two caskets were taken to Mountain
View, where they were placed in a tempo
rary vault. There was a very large at
tendance of prominent people at both
funerals.
Mi»rri-ijie, Insanity, Divorce.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 3.— Lowella
Clark Partenscky is suing her husband,
Charles, for divorce, and this morning be
fore Judge Greene a motion for alimony
was considered. The couple were married
last November ana just a month after her
marriage the wife suddenly became in
sane and was committed to Agnews. Four
weeks later she was discharged as cured,
but on her return she found no home and
went to live with her sitter. Partenscky
declared that he was not able to support
his wife, as he contributes out of his
small salary to the support of his mother.
Tho motion was taken under advise mftit.
Called to a Pastorate.
OAKLAND, Cal., May Miss Rosine
Edwards, a student at the Pacific Theo
logical Seminary, has received a call to
the pastorate of the Hillyard Congrega
tional Church in Washington.
An interesting circumstance is that she
succeeds her father in this church. He is
the Rev. Jonathan Edwards, and he prac
tically built it; that is, he was the princi
pal mover in the erection of the edifice,
and wa** called to minister to the needs of
the congregation. Now he has Deen in
vited to the pastorate of the Pilgrim Con
grecational Church on Indiana avenue,
in Spokane, and Miss Rosin , his talented
daughter, was the choice of the congrega
tion as his successor. In the seminary, in
this city. Miss Edwards has been very
popular and is greatly esteemed by her
fellow students.
Salcons on Twenty-Third Avenue,
OAKLAND. Cal., May 3.— Contrary to
precedent, the Council to-night ignored
the recommendation of the License Com
mittee and granted two of the applica
tions to open saloons in the Twenty-third
avenue district. JJiy.J*
Freight Derailed at Suisun.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 3.— The overland
train due at 8 o'clock was two hours late
to-night. The delay was due to the de
railing of a freight train at Suisun early
in the evening. The wrecked cars blocKed
the track and delayed the express. The
overland train was not injured and no
one was hurt of the freight's crew. It ar
rived at the pier a few minutes after 10.
FOUBTH OF JULY.
Alameda Will Join With Oakland In
Celebrating the Day.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 3.— ln accordance
with request, President Forderer of the
Board of City Trustees, to-day appointed
a committee of citizens to confer with the
Oakland Fourth of July committee with a
view to a Joint celebration of independence
day. The following are the gentlemen
selected : JJj.yJ „.*,.
Theodore W. Leydecker, William Hammond,
M. W. Simpson, B. F. Lamborn, Charles E.
Tabor, Joseph A. Leonard, Thomas Carpenter,
F. L. Volbere, E. A. yon Schmidt, Lin wood Pal
mer, Edward A. Randlett, Riley, John
Lubben, J. A. Remind. Dr. E. M. Keys, J. A.
-ansom, T. O. Daniells, D. W. Martin, G. F.
Weeks, Thomas A. Smith, Henry Muiler, A. G.
Burns, W. H. Noy. J. W. Harbourne and George
M. Bew. .........
Alameda City Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 3.— The City
Trustees reduced to-night from $10 to $5
the license on billiard tables. This was at
the request of the proprietors of one of
tbe "billiard parlors." Saloons pay no
license on tables, as they come under the
eeneral yearly license of $500. . , Trustee
Brick advocated a general readjustment
of business licenses, claiming that they
are unequal, that the city is not deriving
the income that it should and that the
gratuitous license petitions are being
overdone. The time for this read justment
was inopportune, however, the license year
having expired with the month of April,
and bo no action was taken on the sugges
tion. •*-•'•-."•.
--j City Electrician Wiese reported expenses
of the municipal electric light plant to
have been $3890 80 for the quarter, and
$4045 65 as the receipts. Reasons were
given for the largo construction account,
and a request was made to appoint some
disinterested person to examine and re
port upon the valuation of the plant.
Trustee Claric for the light committee said
this suggestion would be acted upon now
that the construction account is closed in
order that interest and wear and tear may
be computed.
Inquest on Painter Rose.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 3.— An inquest
was held this morning on the remains of
James H. Ross, the painter who died yes
terday morning from the. effects of in
juries received on Friday. The funeral
will be held to-morrow from Armory Hall.
Deceased was -a member of Cordes hose
and of Company G, and his dying request
was that he be buried by these organiza
tions. He was a native of Ocean View,
Cal., and was 22 years old.
Fell From a Windmill.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 3.— While at
; tending to the machinery ot a windmill .at
! Dr. Gibbon's place this afternoon, James
R. P. McNamara of 1309 Regent street fell
to - the : ground. He fractured and dislo
cated his left ankle, and remained an hour
or more before assistance could be ' sum
moned. '.j '.j j .-.•*■
Looking for Heirs.
Samuel Schurch, an attorney of Cincinnati,
asked Mayor Phelan to make Inquiries regard
ing relatives of John Hameridge, deceased.
There is a big estate in Texas, purchased by
Hameridge in 1837, awaiting division when
be heirs are fouuu.
WHY LITTLEFIELD
USED HIS FOOT
Booted a Liquor-Seller off
the Corral Hollow Com
pany's Property.
_
Poured Whisky on the Ground
and Afterward Kicked
the Smuggler.
The Superintendent Is Arrested for
Battery, and Says He Is Anx'oui
to B- Heard in Court
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908. Broadway, May 3. f
i Superintendent Littlefield of the Corral
Hollow coal mines will be tried at Liver
more this week on a charge of battery.
The circumstances attending it are rather
unusual.
Mr. Littlefield applied his boot in an
unceremonious manner to Constantino
Machia, who has persisted in trying to
sell liquor upon the premises owned by
the coal-mine company. Mr. Littlefield
has made a rule that no liquor shall be
sold on the premises, nor supplied to the
men if it be possible to avoid it. For a
long time he has been bothered by people
who surreptitiously carried liquor on the
premises and sold it to the miners. Upon
the principle that the company would be
held responsible for accidents arising
from incompetent employes, the superin
tendent argues that he is -justified in using
all the means within his power to keep
liquor-dealers away.
Last week Constantino Machia of Liver
more had several jugs of whisky in a
wagon on the premises. What occurred is
best related by Mr. Littlefield:
"This man Machia," he said, "and two
other dealers of Livermore, have been fur
nishing the miners with whisky. Not
withstanding tbe strict prohibitory meas
ures we have enforced to keep liquor away
from the mines, they have found a way to
bring it there. , Not long ago I met Machia
with a load of whisky in a wagon, which
he was driving on our property. I ordered
him off the place and warned him never
to bring liquor there again. I asked him
if be understood me, and he answered
that he did. A few days afterward I
learned that he was bringing up liquor to
the miners after nightfall, arriving some
times as late as midnight.
"Finally last week Machia grew bolder
and came to the mines with a load of
liquor. I met him just off the county
road and did not lose any time pulling
bim out of his wagon and attempting to
kick a little docency into him. I then
broke all his whisky-jugs and compelled
him to leave the premises."
Mr. Littlefield was afterward arrested
on a charge of battery, and he declares he
is quite willing for the case to come to a
speedy trial. He says he is a busy man,
and it is his duty to protect the interests
ol" the property and lives placed in his
charge, and as his time is limited he in
stituted a speedy and effective method of
abatinz what he considered a nuisance.
At the mines several hundred people are
employed. Before the mines were opened
many of these men constituted the unem
ployed of Livermore and locality, and the
residents of the town have expressed
their willingness to support Mr. Little
field in his task of keeping liquor from the
miners.
The case will be tried before Judge Tay
lor some day this week. J .' .J\JJ.
FILL MANY OFFICES.
Supervisors Will Discuss j the Tunnel
Project Wednesday Night.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 3. -The Super
visors to-day received the reports of the
various bodies, civic and mercantile, in
terested in the method of crossing the es
tuary.
The special committee of the city of Al
ameda, Oakland Board of Trade and Mer
chants' Exchange were present and Aud
itor Snow outlined to the boar J the wishes
and plans in regard to a tunnel that bave
already been published. He asked that
the Supervisors appoint a committee to
meet the delegation end discuss the mat
ter, and next Wednesday evening, at 8
o'clock, the Supervisors will meet as a
committee of the whole to discuss with
other delegations the question of tunnel
ing or bridging.
Two new members of the County Hoard
of Education were appointed by the Super
visors this morning. It required three
ballots to determine the election, but fin
ally Professor Petray of Livermore a nd
Mr. Eyckhoff were declared elected. *.. :.u' A
The Horticultural Commission whfch
was recently legislated out of office by an
act of the Legislature was reorganized to
day under the new law. E. D. Pryal,
William Barry and E. O. Webb were
elected unanimously.
THE MONTICELLO.
! Judge Morrow Award*! Three Hundred
and Fifty Dollars for Towing
Her Into Safety.
United States District Judge Morrow
yesterday rendered an opinion in the case
of the Pacific Improvement Company
against the steamship Montlcello, Z. J.
Hatch claimant, a libel for salvage services.
Judge Morrow said: , fi-r
I am of the opinion that the service ren
dered it) the case at bar, 11 it can bo deemed a
salvage service at all, is of a very low order.
The Monticeilo was not in any Immediate
peril or danger, nor does the evidence indicate
•that she would have been in a dangerous
position before the arrival of the tugs which
had been sent for. The San Benito did not ex
perience any risk or peril in rendering the
service, and beyond a delay of five hours, a
slight shift of her cargo, the chafing of ncr
hawser and the loss of some rope, does not ap
pear to have suffered any particular incon
venience. It was testified that the charge for
towage services by a tug from the locality
where the San Benito towed the Mouticello
would be from $125 to $250. The claimant
had tendered th.- cum ot $200. lam of the
opinion, however, that under the circum
stances the San Benito is entitled to more than
the amount tendered,' and something more
thanjthe ordinary towage compensation.
I snail allow the sum of $350, which amount
will cover the damage done to the hawser and
the loss of the rope. A decree will be entered
in accordance with this opinion.
OOBINTHIAN YACHT. CLUB.
Regattas and Cruises That Will Be
';'""* ."/'.Hold This Season.
The Corinthian Yacht Club has arranged
the folio -ring schedule of events for. the
season, which opened on April 24 and
will end on October 31: /]•;;/•
May— B, open; 9, open; 15, cruise to Vallejo;
16, return; 22, open; 23, open: 29, open; 30,
open; 31, annual regatta.
June— s, open; 6, onen; 12, cruise to Peta
iuma drawbridge; 13, return; 19, open; 20.
open: 26, cruise to Marin Islands; 27, return.
July— cruise to Martinez; 4, Vallejo; 5,
return; 10, cruise to San Mateo; 11, return;
17, open; 18, open; 24, open; 25, open; 31,
cruise to Vallejo. . ' ;
August— l. return; 7. summer cruise; 8, ac
companying yachts urn; 14. meet yachts
returning from summer cruise; 15, home; 21,
open; 22, open; 28, cruise to McNears; 29, re
turn. ** * . * : "■ ':'■''■
September— outside cruise, Drakes Bay: 5,
return; 7, open (National labor day); 9, inter
club regatta; 11, Marin Islands (clam chow
der); 12, return; 18, open; 19, open; 25, Dil
lons Point 26, return. **,
i* October— 2, open ; , 3, open; ,4, open (State
labqrday); 9, Corinthian Cove; I 10,. Corin
thian games; 16, closing day; 17, cruise in
squadron. '
Auction Bates
1 UDMlli AUCTION COMMIT. .'
THIS DAY. _ <oQ „
Tuesday May 4, 1897,
At 11 o'clock A. M., JJJ'..
At 1171 Mission S reet, Near Eighth,
....WE Wl_li SELIi.... ■
$10,000 WORTH OF FURNITURE
And Mercnandise of All Kinds,
CONSISTING 0F....
Parlor Furniture: 20 Bedroom Sets; Dinlng-
room Furniture: Ranges; Crockery; Glnssware:
Bedding, Com fort ?rs. Blankets, etc.: also 1 Na-
tional Cash Register: 1 Bensinger Register; 1
Howe Platform Scale; Computing scale; 1 wal-
nut Roller-top Desk: Hall Racks: 30J New Mo-
quet and Smyrna Rugs: 50 New Pillows; 50 Com-
forters; 25 Pairs of blankets; 150 Pairs of Cur-
tains; 100 Pairs of l'orrteies; 100 Albums; 26
New Lamp *; 120 CiocKS ; 501' New Pictuies: 300
New Suits for Roys in all sizes; Ladies' Capes; 100
New Chenille 'lable Covers: Several Crates of
Picture Frames: Elegant Mirrors; 20 Doz*?n Of
role Fixtures; 100 Magnificent Rockers; 2 Dp-
r.gl-.t Folding Beds; 5000 Yards of Carpets and any
amount of goods of all kinds. These goods must
be sold as we keep no s.oiage.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
Removed to 1171 Mission St.. Nr. Kighth
H. J. LcUTHOLTZ, Auctioneer, j
ALL DECKED IN
BRIGHT CRIMSON
The Artillery Colors Wave
at the Darling Musi
cale. >
Mrs. Huntington the Guest of
Honor at the Elaborate
Function.
Guests Applaud Major Darling's New
Musical Composition, " Dsar,
Do You Remember ?"
To Mrs. Darling must be accredited the
honor of presiding at the most elegant
and elaborate function of the post-Lenten
season. This great affair was a musicale
and tea given yesterday afternoon in the
rarlors of the Occidental Hotel compli
mentary to Mrs. Collis P. Huntington,
who, with her distinguished husband, is
spending a few weeks at the white man
sion on the hill.
Mrs. Darling proved her rare tact and
hospitable qualification by giving an en
tertainment in exact accordance with the
taste of ber guest.
Mrs. Huntington is passionately fond of
music, but prefers the quiet pleasures of
the home circle to the delights of the
crowded drawing-room. Consequently a
musical programme was a necessity, and
a small gathering equally important. Out
of her long visiting list of 600 Mrs. Darling
selected 150 favored names— no easy task—
and with equal good taste provided for
the afternoon an excellent musical pro
gramme. :•■".:.: rJj';''
The large drawing-room of the Occiden
tal was a beautiful picture with its ex
quisite decorations in honor of the occa
sion.
Glowing crimson, the artillery color, was
used with exquisite and artistic effect.
Long streamers of crimson buntinc,
draped the walls, being fastened at regu
lar intervals by golden stars. On the
mantel were roses galore and on the long
table from which the refreshments were
served deep red carnations made a most
elaborate decoration.
The hours of the tea were from 3 to 5,
during wnich ladies . . and gentlemen
crowded the rooms to listen to the excel
lent music and i?reat the distinguished
visitor. After 4 o'clock Mr. Huntington
joined the throng and added his commen
dation to that of the many in praise of
Major Darling's latest musical composition
"Dear, Do You Remember?" Other gems
from the same prolific source formed a
part of the programme, noted as the com
positions of August Mignon, the name
under which the gallant Major vainly
strives to hide his merits. Jj'-Jj'J
The programme of the afternoon in full
was as follows:
"Blessed Dreams" (August Mignon). "The
Old, Old Siory" (Blumenthal), "Dear, Do You
Remember?" (August Mignon), Mrs. Etta li.
Blanchara, contralto; "Vaise Caprice" (August
Mignon), '"Love's Dream" \P. Liszt). Miss
Carrie Bowes, pianist; "For My Dear Lady's
Sake" (August Mignon), "Dolly" (August Mig
non), "Fickle Mo. lie" (August Mignon), Miss
Eva Tenny, soprano; "A Summer's Nieht" (A.
Gorine Thomas), "Adrift" (August Mignon).
Mrs. Etta B. Blanchard, contralto: " 'Twas
April" (Nevln), "Nina" (Wekerlin), Mrs. Eva
Tenncy, soprano; "Gavotte Militairc" (August
Mignon), "Grand Polonaise" (F. Liszt), Miss
Carrie Bowes, pianist; Miss M. Genevieve
Moroney. accompanist*.
Mrs. Darling was assisted in receiving
her. guests by Mrs. C. . T. Dio Hastings,
Mrs. J. H. Jewett. Mrs. Henry Dodge,
Mrs. Fry, Mrs. Huntington and Miss
Campbell. __________^__
TO PAY FOR THE BALL.
High School Cadets Are Prepar
ing for an Exhibition
Drill.
■h* Event Will Be Held at the First
Regiment Armory a Week
* ■ * ■ -• r. -*-. '--■: .'*■.*. . .
From Saturday.
The cadets of the Boys* High School are
preparing to give a grand exhibition drill
in order to defray the expenses of their
annual ball, which is always one of the
leading social events of the season.
The event will take place on the even*
ing of Saturday,: the = 15tli inst.. at the
armory of tiie First Regiment, N. Q. C,
25 Page street, and the youn***ters are
drilling at every available opportunity
under the watchful eye of veteran militia
men, who declare that their work is as
good if not better than that of many com
panies in the State troops.
The exhibition will consist of many
fancy evolutions in addition to the move
ments set forth in the tactics, and the
company on the eventful night will be
commanded by Captain L. E. Edwards, the
chief officer of the cadets.
There is but one company, in the High
School Cadets, and this has been brought
to a high state of efficiency by constant
practice. The ball to which the boys are
looking forward with much pleasurable
anticipation is to be held on the 25tb inst.
in the auditorium of the Girls' High
School, which will be tastefully decorated
with the National colors and many mili
tary emblems lor the occasion. The forth
coming event is the eleventh annual ex
hibition drill of the cadets, and Captain'
Edwards and his men hope to eclipse any
thing that has heretofore been accom
plished. The drill will commence at 8
p.m. sharp, and the boys have developed a
1 7 The Rosy Freshness I
/And a velvety softness of the skin is inva-
* Iriahly obtained by those who use Pozzoni's
JComplexion Powder. j
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. AUCTIONEERS.
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street. -
THIS DAY.
Tuesday May 4, 1897
At 10 o'clock a. m., at Salesrooms, :. ■-: * .
1135 Market Street. Rot. 7th and Bth,
WE WILL SELL -■--■*■••*■"
ALL THE SUPERIOR FURNITURE.
| One square Piano. Rlcn Parlor Upholstery, Car-
pets, etc., 1 Andrews Folding Bed, contained in
5 Elegantly Furnished Houses, removed to sales-
room fjr convenleuce of sale. Also 1 large-sized
(Waltz) Sale Walnut-top Counter, shuttle-board,
, etc. CHAS. LKVY <fc CO., Auctioneers.
STREET & CRESSWELL.
GENERAL Auctioneers, 721 Howard Street.
Telephone Main 5179.
_-l ~^ £»
TATTHRSALL'S 1 '
72 1 -723 Ko-ward Street
Kegular Weekly Auction Sale
v ;:*:■' this DAY,
Tuesday May 4, 1897
At 11 o'clock A. li.
Fine lot of Horses, Mules, Wagons, Buggies, Carts,
Harness, etc. Consignments and sales solicited.
A L. CRESSWELL, Lives ock Auctioneer. .
strong but friendly rivalry as to who shall
dispose of the most tickets.
A good band will furnish music for the
drill and also a military concert for those
who attend.
HABITS OF THE HEN.
The Case of Cruelty Against Miss Mary
McKlaney, Schoolteacher, Dis
missed.
Miss Mary McKinney, a schoolteacher,
was up before Judge Joacbimsen yester
day to answer a charge of cruelty to ani
mals.
It appears that a pullet belonging to
Mrs. K. Floethr, a housewife, living at 411
Thirty-fifth avenue, strayed away a weeK
ago and went foraging into the McKinney
yard. .'."_ V
The neighbor objected to having her
plants pecked by the fowl and, according
to Mrs. Floethr, proceeded to belabor tho
hen with a cluo, ultimately casting it
over the fence into the Floethr yard, and
in due time, according to the testimony,
it had to be killed, properly cooked and
dined off by the family.
Attorney Cabani3s, for the defense, won
his case by his bright answer to the state
ment made by the Judge, which held that
it was the natural instinct of the hen to
roam about and seek her food where she
might best get it. He replied that it was
the natnral instinct of the human being to
protect his property against the predatory
habits of any. animal, even the chicken.
Coroner's Inquests.
The Coroner's jury held two inquests yester
day, one on the body of Mrs. Mary R. Loring,
who died suddenly on April 18. The verdict
was that her death was caused by injuries In
flicted by her husband, Robert Loring, while
she whs in a delicate condition. Loring was
booked altorward on a charge of murder.
The other case was that of Mrs. Mary Lem
rners, asphyxiated by gas at her residence,
2198 Devisadero street, on April 24. The ver
dict was that she came to her death acci
dentally."' y-rj
1
: ,\JjJjJj:, HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-213 BUSH ST.,
board and room 91 to fi per da/, $6 to $I*l
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1; suite
rcoms lor family $ i. .to Sl -0 per night: tirst-ciase
service.- uree coach. CHAKLRB JloNTuositlU
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARD^ LAW OFFICES. ROOM*
5*6 and -7, Crocker t-uiUU-K,- tele? ho ac ____
75, Kan Francisco, Cat
STORAGE. ry-J'Jj
KEDUCKD RATES, FURNITUKE, PIANO-%
household goods, eta J. Al. riER* :e. 735 Mkb
TRUSTEES' SALES.
TRUSTEES' SALE-IN ACCORDANCE WITH
the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by WILLIAM s.
HOPKINS and LIZZIE G_RTK HOPKINS
(his wife), and WILLIAM H. L. RAIINKS,
parties of the first part, to HENRY «-'.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINUS UNION, party of the
third part, dated May Ist, 1890, and recorded
in the office of the County Recorder of the City
and County of San Frano.sco, State of California,
in liber 1402 of deeds, at pages 88 and follow-
In*;, and In pursuance of a resolution passed on
the Bth day of April, 1897, Dy the board of direc-
tors of said SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
a corporation, and the holder of the note (No.
10,001). to secure payment of which the aforesaid
deed of trust was executed, declaring that default
had been made In the payment of the principal
sum and other turns due under said note and
deed of trust, and requesting and directing said
HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, trustees, to sell the real estate described
therein to satisfy said indebtedness.
We, HENKY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice thai on
TUESDAY, the llth day of May, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton, Eldridge -Co., No. 638 Mar-
ket street, in the City and County of San Francisco,
■State of California, we will sell at public auction.'
to the highest bidder, for cash In gold coin of the
United Stales, the piece or parcel of land situate
in the City and County of tt-'an Francisco, Slate
of California, described as follows, to wit:
Commencing at a point on the southerly Hne of
Gutter street, distant thereon one hundred ant
thirty-seven feet six inches (137 nnd 6-12 left)
easterly from the easterly line of Leaven
street: running thence easterly along said line of
Sutler street one hundred and thirty-seven feeD
six Inches (137 and 6-12 feet): thence at rUht
angles souinerly one hundred and ihirty-sev.-n feet
six Inches (137 and 6-12 feel): theme at. right
angles westerly one hundred thirty-seven feet
slxinches (137 and 6-12 feet), and thence et right
angles northerly one hundred and thirty-seven feet
six inches (187 and 6-12 feet) to the point of com-
meiicement: being lot number one thousand one
hundred and twenty-one (1121) of the fifty-vara
lot survey of the City of San Franclsco^"C
to the official map thereof : together with the a*j-
purtenances.
TEKMS OF SALE— Cash In gold coin ot the
United States, 10 per cent payable to the under-
signed on the full of the lismmer, lalance on d"-
livery of deed, and If not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said 10 per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL, *.-.
THADDEUS B. KENT, J •*• ruste '*»-
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed Dy JAMES F.
MACK LIN, party of the first part, to HKNKY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
trustees, parties of . the second part, and
the BAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
party of the third part, dated May 16th,
J 895, and recorded in the ofiice of the County Re-
corder of the Ci y sun County of San Francisco,
State of' California, in liber 166 j of deeds, at
j papes 70 and following, and in pursuance of a
I resolution passed on the 10th day of September,
I 1896, by the board of directors of saia SAN FRaN-
I CI-CO SAVINGS UNION, a corDoratlon. and the
bolder of the note (No 13,481). to secure
payment of which the aloresald deed of trust was
executed, declaring tbat default had been made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under said note and deed of trust, and request-
ing and directing said Hi- NKY C. CAMPBELL)
and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to sell, the
, real estate described therein to satisfy said in-
I debtedness. *_.•_■- - _
We. HENRY C.CAMPBELL and THADDEU3
B. KEN'!, trustees, do hereoy give notice tbat on
TUESDAY, the 4ih day of May, A. D. 1897,
I at 12 o'clock noon of that day. and at the auction
! salesroom of Easton, Eldridge A Co., No. 638 Market
street, In the City and County of San Francisco,
Siate of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, tor cash In gold coin of the
United btates. the piece-, or parcels of land situate
in the City and County of -mi Francisco, state of
California, described as follows, to wit:
Lots num Ders twenty-three (*-_) and twen*y-four.
(24), in block B, as shown and de ineated on the
map entitled "Original Map of the Pioperty of the
ParK 11111 Homestead Association." surveyed by
William P. Humphreys Ciiy and inly Sur-
veyor. July 13tb. 1878, filed August 3d. 1878. in
the office of the couuiy lUcorder of said City and
County of san Francisco and row of record there-
in In liber, oi maps at pages 165 and 166: and to
which map and the r* cord thereof special refer*
ence Is hereby made for further or more particu-
l ar description; together with the appurtenances.
TERMS OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of the
i United States: ten per cent payable to the under-.
! signed on the fall ot the hammer: - balance on de-
i livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want
,of title (ten days b ing allowed for search), thon
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL. l _ ltM ,
THADDEUS B. KENT, J rrn "*»-
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«2*T»MEAB*«Yf*iT. Established
in 185- for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyandmlndand
skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhen ,
otheis fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cnreagnaianleed. Callorwrite.
1 Dr. J. .^V.I-8.-t9M*>BMltfs7'itian^rMciaNh/
1112
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
«^~S= FUNERAL NOTICE-OFFICE IB
_S"* of the Grand Secretary, Grand Lodge A-ft^
F. and A M. of California. The firamt^Y
Lodge of Free and Accepte! Masons of the/ Ns-jr >
State of California will hold a special communica-
tion in Kll- Solomon's Hal. at the Masonic
Temple in this city 0:1 THURSDAY, th 6ih
Inst, at 2 o'clock P. m., for the purpose of con-
ducting the funeral or our late esteemed and be-
loved brother, the M. W. CLaY WEBSTER
TAYLOR, Past Grand Master of the Jurisdiction.
'The grand officers, past grand officers and mem-
bers thereof and the officers and members o: the
several lodges in this jurisJlctiou are hereby noti-
fied and requested to be in attendance. Hy direc-
tion or the Grand Master.
Gr.O. JOHNSON, Grand Secretary.
HSS*** PACIFIC LOD NO. 136, F. •
»3* r and A. M.. 121 Eddy st— Stated /V.
meeting THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. >E_jf
GEORGE PENLINGTON, secretary. /V >
jr^Sj^ GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30. ■
Is-**- F. and A. M.— stated meeting THIS ___f\
(TUESDAY) EVENING, May 4. at 7:30
o'clock. GEORGE J. HOBE, Sec. /V^
_tVS' CALIFORNIA CHAPTER No. 6. a
•as 1 - R. A. M wi.l meet THIS (TIES __§%_,
DAY) EVENING, May 4, at 7:30 o'clock. '*_Zlf
Stated meeting and K. A. degree. By order /yy\
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY', Secretary.
■IT'S-* ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144. F. m
»-— -^ and A. M. Stated meeting and..^^_
third decree TIES (TUESDAY) EVKN-^PJf
ING at 7:30 o'clock. /^"TY
A, S. HUBBARD, Secretary.
■ETS" FRANCO- A M E RI C A N
fit**--^ Lodge, No. 207, I. O, O. P.— _^pSB-J^*
Officers ana members are requested :: SJrJ3Bbs~-'
to meet at their ball THURSDAY, -^W»H*S*
May 6, at 8 o'clock p. it., on important business.
L. L REMY', N. G.
R. Lavigne, Secretary.
-ft***-****--* A. O. IL, DIY'. 2.— THE ItEG-fc^
ar*-^ ular montbly meeting of this divi- \\wTJf
sion will be held In Hibernia Hall on J»W»
WEDNESDAY EVENING, May 5, at 8-J*CYOR«
lock. candidates seeking admission »*T!_b
will be prompt in attendauce. The physiciau will
le In attendance at the hall that evening to ex-
amine candidates. BARTLY* LEE, President
John Kenny, Recordine Secretary.
g|^=» DAUGHTERS OF ST SSjt_S\ «^
fc-S' George— Rritannia Lodge _y_^**-AJ--\
No. 7 meets EVERY THIRS- ■ B l V**i. **-?„
DAY' at Bp. M., 317 Mason St. 1 . W**'**"^)
MRS HELEN WILLIAMS,
|*P-^S= ANNUAL MEETING-THE REGULAR
s£-« " annual meeting of stockholders of the
Hutchinson -U-«r Plantation Company will be
held at the office of the company, 327 Market St.,
san I rancisco, California, on TUESDAY*, the llth
day of May, 1897, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purposed! electing a board of dire; tors to
serve for the- ensuing year and the transaction of
men other business as may come before the meet,
ing. Transfer books will close Friday, April 30-
-at 3 o'clocic p. m. E. H. SHELDoN, -ecretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
{--^-----•p BAY CITY TRANSFER CO., REMOVED
■£■■■■■—•' 244 to 3iiy Sutter. Trunks delievred, 25c.
"£**"*_*■■" RAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
_?-» ". rolle tions made: city or country. Paclflc
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st., room 6: tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS WAMED-FEMALE.
GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES DESIRE
positions as cooks, waitresses, upstairs and
secoud girls, laundresses and girls for general
housework. MRS DADAMI, 313 Sutter St., tel.
red 2713.
"VEAT, INDUSTRIOUS AND OBLIGING
ii young lady desires position as stenographer
and typewriter, or will assist with accounts; best
of references from practical experience; salary
$6 per week. Address L. A., box 23, Call Office.
ELDERLY' WOMAN (PROTESTANT) WlSH-
es position as nurse to invalid or seamstress or
Ruy position of trust: city or country; reierences.
O. L., box 92, Call Office. .
(COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
J in private American family: ls eood cook; no
objection to shor. distance in country. A. C, box
26, Call Office.
O WEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
IO gen-ral housework. Please call at 3u26 Twen-
ty-fourth st, near Harrison.
STYLISH YoUNG DR- SSMAKER WOULD
lice to go out by the dac ; $1 ana car fare per
d_y; perfect fit. F. Z , box 41, Call.
■yOUING WOMAN OF EDUCATION WILL
J. give part of each day in return for home; refer-
ences. J. H, box 96. Call Office.
EXPERIENCED NUKSE WOULD LIKE EN-
gagements: *10 per week: best of references.
Address E. N., box 18, Call Office.
•\\M MAN WANTS SITUATION BY THE DAY
TT 01 to do general bousework; more for home
than wattes. 6-9 Jessie st.
ADV. ENGLISH. WOULD LIKE POSITION
LADY. ENGLISH. WOULD LIKE POSITION
as managing houseke-per with elderly couple;
widower: or where trust and integrity are re-
quired; fine city references. B. T., box 65, call
office.
AMERICAN WOMAN WANTS POSITION
to do light housework, city or country; small
waives. 136 Perry st
A'OU-'G GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES PO-
.I salon as housekeeper. Call 120 a T ddy St.,
room 7.
VOUXG LADY DESIRES A POSITION AS
J- housekeeper. Call 520 Bush St., room 21.
LADY WISHES POSITION AS HOUSEKEEP-
er for widower. Call or address room 7, 118
Grant uve.
EDUCATED GERMAN LADY. MIDDLE AGE,
wishes si. uation to take care of children; is
firsl-class seamstress. 613 Poweil si.
VICE SCANDINAVIAN GIRL, GOOD REF-
.' erences, seeks position in American family.
417 rowed st.
DREsSMAKeR AND SEAMSTRESS; GOOD
fitter and uraper: sews by the day or week;
cheap; city or across the bay. M. N. , 901 Folsom
St., upstairs.
SPANISH LADY', 28, WILL TAKE CHARGE
O of lodging-house, or housekeeper's position;
no other but relinb c persons need answer. Ad-
dress S. L , box 77, call Office.
9 Of\l MISSION, ROOM I— POSITION AS
Ua housekeeper or nurse.
I|HRBT-CLASS LAUNDRESS WANTS a SlTU-
ation: wages $30. M. L , box 105, Call Office.
ITUATION BY AN OBLIGING NEW ENG-
SITUATION LV AN OBLIGING NEW ENG-
land woman as cook or general housework;
wages from $i 5 to $20. A A, box 166. -.ail Cffice.
p ERMAN GIRi. WISHES SIT UATION AS A
VJT chambermaid in hotel or as a waitress or pan-
try -girl. 109 Fifth st, room 22,
ATOUNG LADY (PARISIAN) IN REDUCED
1 circumstances would ll_e paying housekeeper's
piace; hotel, bachelor's or widower's home pre-
ferred. 1122 Market st, room 31.
*Y"OUN(J* LADY WISHES POSITION AS
A housekeeper, or will do plain sewing. 821
Mission st., room 5.
WANTED— RY 2RT SPECTABLE YOUNO
English women situatious, one as lntant's
nurse, the other to do second or general housework ;
both experienced. Call oraddress 118 KdJy st, r. 9.
1 i<rj NIATju SI— BRANCH o__ -CK OF
AUI Tux CALL; - subscription and want ads i
taken. *..■:_,-.
STRONG YOUNG DANISH GIRL WANTS
work by the day: plain washing. Ironing or j
hncsecleamm*:. Apply 1331 Fuiton s..
PETE AT YOUNG GIRL WISHES To
J do light housework and plain cook ing In small
family: i»ood references. 317 Grove st., near
Franklin.
POSITION BY RELIABLE YOUNG PERSON
. in bakery or any kind, of store: good business
woman; eLy or i ountry. Address H., 16 i^e Lung
aye.
POSITION BY HONEST, RELIABLE YOUNG
woman as housekeeper 10 old lady or elderly
couple: city or country. Address L., care of Rev.
A. Hutchinson. lfcufo-s Clay st *JMgB
1/ ASTERN WIDOW, _ATE OF FIFTH ST.,
J-i would like position as housekeeper. 209 Eday
St., room 12.
"yOU-0 LADY (STRANGER) DESIRES
A housekeeper's place In 1 email's home.
Room 1, 17 Grant aye., near Market st
"yoUNG GIRLWISHKS SITUATION TO AS-
J. tist with housework. Apply 1003 Twenty-
third st., cor. Noe.
SWEDISH GIRL; FIRST-CLASs COOK, OR
O would do housework in small American
family; references; 6 years last place. 422 Capp.
"J J.EssMAKING SATISFACTORILY DONE
XJ by an experience! Ft each lady at home or in
family. 1032 Mission st ,
ATOUNG LADY WANTS POSITION AS TYPE-
-L writer or copyist Call 838 Mission, room 2.
(•If: LARKIN— RRANCII OFFICE OF THE
Die) CALL Subscriptions and want ads taken.
"Y oung. German girl WANTS -ITUA-
A too for general honsework; wages *{18 to $20;
or would like to wor< ii a laundry. Address 33
Dorland st.. near Guerrero, bet. Seventeenth and
Eighteenth.
VOUNU GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
J. housework and plain cooking. Call at' l42^
Clara st, bet Fourth and Fif h.
XT" OUNG FRENCH WID' \V, AMIABLE AND
x accomplished, wants position as housekeeper;
bachelor or widower's home; city or oountry.
Room 2, 120 - Geary st.
AMERICAN LADY OF 28 WISHES Posi-
tion as working housekeeper ln widower's
heme, care of children; refined home more than
want's. H., box 20, Call. ;
•SITUATIONS WANT*E*O-Contfnn#>il.
yOUNG AND ATTRACTIVE GERMAN GIRL
JL desires to secure a keeper's position in
hotel; widower's or bachelor's home preferred.
223 Post room 11, second floor. ;•::*>-«
TITAN I\ED - POSITION AS GOVERNESS
T T during the summer months by a Stanford stu-
dent. Addr.ss M. H., Stanford University.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST.. NEAR MIS
sion; branch offlca of Th.« Call. sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
A CCOMPLISHED AND REFINED YOUNG
A. lady (French) wants a housekeeper's place;
would like place as companion. Room 3, 223 Post.
TIT ANTED— BY A YOUNG PARISIAN LADY
TT (straruer) a housekeeper's position In a gen-
tleman's home. 122 Post s:., rooms 10 and 11.
yiiU.VO LADY FROM THE COUNTRY
A would like a situation as housekeeper fora gen-
tleman. Call 223 Post st, room 17, third floor.
■yOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
-L housekeeper i.i bachelor's or wiuower's home.
Room., 106 Fourth st.
I)OSITIO"nTTy"yT7UNU LADY a.-**. CASHIER
. or assistant in doctor's or dentist's office, or pho-
tograph gallery: best of references. Address S. F.,
box 131. Call Office-
COMPETENT AND EXPERIENCED YOUNG
lady di sires position as typewriter or compan-
ion. Rooms 3 and 4, 309 sutler st.
WIDOW FROM COUNTRY' WISHES A POSI-
-11 tion as housekeeper for widower or bachelor;
will do nieudi:i-. call after 12, 120 Ellis St., room
17. sec md floor.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
CHINESE & JAPANESE; EST'D 20 YEARS;
htlp:tel.main 1997. BRADLEY 0 .640 Clay
SAM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
ployment office 511 Vis Bush st , nr. Grant aye.
HUNT EX <S CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to 614Va Califor-
nia st, near Kearny. Tel. main 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 414 V? O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE, CHINESE KMPLOYMT OFFICE:
waiters, housecleaners. 30 Geary; tel Grant 56
— —
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WISHES Si 1 UA-
tion in a private place; flrst-class coach-
man and good land gardener: good milker: gen-
erally useful: city or country. Address C G.,
box 88, Call Office. .JiJ-y
COMPETENT HOUSE - PAINTER WITH
J tools wants work for private parties, by the
day or piecework; will work cheap. Address
Paint box 28, Ca 1 Office.
Y-OUNG GERMAN LATELY' LANDED
A would like to learn the liquor or grocery busi-
ness. Address 62 C'lemeutiua st
COACHMAN AND GARDENER WISHES |
position; Oakland and San Rafael references.
Addiess C. G., box 193. Call Office.
BY A MARRIED MAN, 34, A PRACTICAL
tinner and sheettron worker: thorough
knowledge of furnace work; no objection to coun-
try; strictly sober: can give reference. C. L. 0.,
box 102, Call cffice.
AN AND WIFE, EASTERN PEOPLE, PRl-
i'l vat- place; man understands general work in
private place, gcod driver; wife competent house-
keeper, cook or second work; both competent
house servants. Address B. R, box 123, Call.
"YOUNG MAN DESIRES POSITION IN GRO-
A eery store tolearn; can drive wagon and will
make himsef useful. A., box 1, CalL
EXPERIENCED COOK WANTS POSITION
in restaurant or house; city reference^ G.
A., box 105, Call.
* S VALET TO TRAVEL OR INVALID AT-
./_ - tendant: can shave; best of London and lo.al
references: speaks French, German and English.
E. V.,,box 10, Call.
Y'OUNO GERMAN BAKtR OF 2 YEARS'
J. experience wishes a situation. Address WIL-
LIAM WARMER, Elmhurst P. 0,, CaL
(']" LAKKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UIO CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
COACHMAN, 10 YEARS EXPERIENCE;
J thoroughly competent; Al horseman; good
gardener; strictly sober; ci.y and Eastern refer-
ences: single. Address N. P. NELSON, care of F.
M. WjLBON, Berkeley.
yOUNG NAN WANTS A POSITION TO
A nu'se an invalid, or as traveling companion;
can speak French, panish and English. Write to
A. N. V.. Lorin, Berkeley. Cal.
/ *OOD GARDENER, UNDERSTANDS HAND-
" J ling horses, good ur.ver, gcod muster, desires
situation private residence; 7 years' references.
F. Q., box 97, Call.
Vf, ANTED — BY' FIRSi-CLASS PHOTOG-
TT rapher of long experience, position as Opera-
tor or printer, or will take entire charge gallery.
Address Photographer, box 105, Call Office.
ANTED-BY A LIABLE COUPLE SIT-
TT uation in private family or summer resort;
honest and trustworthy. Address C. 8., 120
seventh st.
■fIT ANTED— BY AN EXPERIENCED BOOK-
TT Keeper, asetof books to keep after 5 r. H.
Address B. W., box 126, call Office.
/♦ i c LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
vlO CALL: tubscrlntions an want ads taken.
Japanese wants TO do ANY KIND OF
work, 9 a. st to 3 p. m.; good reference.
GEORGE, 1002 Polkst
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND ANT ADS FOR THE
Call takeu at brunca ofiice. 339 Hayes st;
open untu 9 :3j o'clock.
JANITOR WITH EXPERIENCE, WANTS A
position: can give good city references. Ad-
dress J. G. L, 3t'_ East Twelfth St., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN, WHo UNDERSTANDS
general farming, gardening, orchard-work and
raising of poultry wants situation on country place
or ranch. Address A. BERGER, Blenheim P. 0.,
San Mateo Co.. Cai.
MAN AND WIFE DESIRE SITUATION ON
ranch, wife as cook and man general farm-
hand. Address J. G. P., 138 Eigh.h st
1 EXPERIENCED HOTEL CLERK. YOUNG
_ man, wants position; highest California refer-
ences; flrst-cias house only. A. G., box 55, Call.
JAPANESE FIRST-CLASS COOK YVISHES
position to work; will do general housework.
Address K. Y„ 758 Castro St., Oakland.
"YOUNG MAN WISHKSSIIUATION IN COM-
A mercial house; wages no object Address
9* s-' 1 Howard st.
BRANCH OFFICE O* THE CALL, 167 NINTH
st— Want ads and subscriptions taken.
"lir INCHESTER HOUSE 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
TT Market: 200 rooms t*6c to Sl 60 per night:
Sl 60 to f 6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and bangace to an 1 from tte tern-.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
SECOND GIRL, $25; INFANT'S NURSE,
lO *20: 8 housework girls, city and country, $20
and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st . - r *
HOUSEWORK GIRL EUREKA, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
COOK, SONOMA, $25; SMALL BOARDING-
-1 house. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st
TTIRENCH OR GERMAN COOK, *35: COOK,
-T German style, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 .-.ut-
ter st
VEAT YOUNG GIRL, LIGHT HOUSEWORK,
J-> S.O to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 .-utter St
/ 1 IRL, GEARY ST., $25; GIRL CASTRO ST.,
yj $18: gLI, Golden Gate aye., $18; girl, Polk st,
$25; girl, McAl!i«ter st. $20; girl, Broadway. $20;
girl, Alameda. $25: girl for Oakdale, if 3o. MAR-
TIN <fe CO., 749 Market St.
» 1 CHAMBERMAIDS AND WAIT SOME, CITY,
— $20 and room: waitress nice resort hotel, $20
and room and play piano; 5 waitresses city. $20
and room; 7 waitresses." city, $5 a week: chamber-
maid and wait some. $15 arid room; waitress.city,
$15androom: 3 waitresses, me hotel, city, 1-20
and room; waitress city, $20; 4 waitresses, $12
ami room; head waitress, $25 and room; 2 cham-
bermaids, »12: 2 lunch and dinner waitresses:
waitress, 422 50 per month; chambermaid and '
wait some, $18 and room; coo.;. $30 and room;
4 waitresses, $15 and room: waitress, $4 a weeic. i
MAR ITS <fc CO., 749 Market St.
/•IRL SANTA CRUZ, $15. SEE PARTY
YJ here; girl as waitress, $3 50 a week; girl, i e-
visadero St.. $15: girl, 'Turk st, $15; girl, Van
Ness aye., $15: girl, Livermore, $15: second gin,
$ln; airi, Golden Gate aye., $15; gir.. Nineteenth
st., $15; glri. Washington st, $15; girl, Market-
st., $15; itlrl, McAllister si.. $15: girl, Oakland;
$1,5; second -.in, $12; 20 young girls, $8, $10 and
$12 per month, assist, etc., nice families MAR-
TIN <fc CO., 749 Market St.
4) WAITRESSES, NICE COUNTRY HOTEL,
_j $20, room; seamstress and ironer, $-0. room,
board, etc.; bead waitress, $30 and room: waitress,
•lruckeu-, Cal. • waltre-s. Amador County: cook,
small -hotel, $20 and room; ironer, country, $35
MARTIN «fc cO, 749 Muiketst.
YY A NTED— 2 FRENCH NURSES, $25; GER-
man or French cook, $35; French girl for
housework. $20; 2 Frencn maids. $25; Fremiti
cook. Spanish family, $25; second work, small
boar jing-nouse, $15; kitolien maid, $15: girls for
hous -work and assist, $21), $15 mid $10. LeON
ANDRE, 308 -toe-ton s..
GERMAN GIRL SECOND WORK. $*20; SAME
Vjr house, nursegirl, 410. MRS. LAMBERT. 417
Powell st. v - '■;-"..-.
WEDISH OR GERMAN GIRL AMERICAN
O family, Alameda, $*-0. MRS. LAMBERT, 417
Powell st.
GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
various positions from $15 to $30. MRs.
Lambert, moved to 417 Powell st, near iter.
I ADIES, ARE YOU LOCKING FOR SOME-
- thing to do? we will help you. Take elevator,
room 38. 14 McAllister st; a lew more earnest
workers wanted. : -*.;_'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1897.
HELP IVAXTED-t'ontinned.
COOK FOR THE SPRINGS: NOT' FAR; $35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary St.
GIRL TO COOK, WASH AND IRON' FOR A
sma 1 American lamlly; Berkeley; $20. C. R.
HANSEN <_ CO., 110 Geary st.
ADY'SMAID: CITY; $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 110 Geary st.
LADY SHAMPOOERS FOR A TURKISH
bath; .-35 to $10; only experien.ed persons
need nop y. C. R. HANSEN <_ CO., 110 Geary St.
ii FRIENDS FOR SAME HOTEL; WAITRESS
_- and a chambermaid ; see party here at iOa. M. ;
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
WAITRESS; COUNTRY HOTEL; $20; FARE
TT paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st
0 COMPETENT HOTEL HEAD WAITRESS-
•"> es; $25 to $35. C R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110
Geary st
YV AITRESS - ARM AND CHECK*! WORK,
TT city. $25. C R. HANSEN & CO., HO Geary
GIRL FOR COOK AND HOUSEWORK, NEAR
city, $20; 4 girls, housework. $25; 8 girls, j
housework, $20; nurse to take entire charge of
infant. $25; 10 girls to assist housework, $10 and
$15; German woman to cook on ranch, $20; 4
girls, housework, country, *15 and $20; middle-
aged woman to cook on ranch, near city, 420. C.
R. HANSEN AC., 110 Geary st.
\TKAT CHAMBERMAID, COUNTRY HOTEL,
_\ $18, see party here 9:.0 o'clock this morning;
waitress, coumry hotel north, $20; 2 waitresses,
same country hotel, $20 each ; cooks and house- 1
work girls. MURRAY & READY', Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay st
SEVERAL GIRLS FoR COOKING; ALSO
girls for general housework; also young girls
assist light housework. 313 Sutter st
I--IKST-CLASS HELP OF ALL KINDS. AD-
-T dress Golden Gate Employment Office, 425
Sutter st
Tir ANTED — TAILoRESSES ON LADIES'
TT gowns and coats; experienced hands only. H.
LIEB..S & CO, 133 Postst
GERMAN GIRL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK
VJ" and plain cooking; wages $15. »W. corner
Twenty-fourth and Diamond.
XU ANTED— RELIABLE WOMAN TO ASSIST
•T with young children. 178 Noe, nr. Fifteenth.
OPERATORS ON GENTS' WHITE SHIRTS.
521 Valencia st. •"-?.: /'-*
"Y" OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN* LIGHT HOUSE-
A work; two in family. 1728 a .- v. ter at
OPERATORS ON JUMrERS. LEV- STRAUSS
<fc CO., 3-1/2 Fremont st
OPERATORS ON BAR COATS, APRONS AND
butcher gowns. 422 Turk st.
MIDDLE-AOED FRENCH WOMAN TO DO
Jil cooking in French family; also one for up-
Stain work. 313 sutterst. •
Y\" ANTED— GIRL NOT OVER 14 TO HELP
it todo light housework, help children. 919
Natoma sl.
LADY WITH SMALL CAPITAL IN BEAUTY
A- parlors out of city. 131 Post at, room 21. '
A MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
■*i" Call: want ads and subscriptions taaen.
WAITRESS -ECOND GIRL FOR DINING-
tt room; one not afraid of work. 438 Third st.
T. IRST-C-AS"* WAIST-FINISHER. 4a AN-
A tonia st, off Jones, near Ellis.
THIRST-CLASS BUTTONHOLE-MAKER AT
-C Ladles' Tailors, P. REVIDoN A Co., 330 Sutter.
EXPERIENCED APPRENTICES ON CUS-
i_ tom coats. 568 Minna st, bet Sixth and
Seventh.
GOOD FINISHER ON CUSTOM COATS;
gcod buttonhole maker. 604 O'F' arreil st.
I EXPERIENCED LADY' SOLICITOR FOR
I- printing. Bak.Ni.TT BROS., 622 Clay St.,
room 19. yy
PANTSMAKER WHO CAN FINISH AND
X operate; $10 week. 775 Market st. - •','.
APPRENTICE GIRLS TO LEARN TAILOR-
iug; paid while learning. 775 Market si.
iKib- MISSION bI— BRANCH OFFICE. UP
_,«J_«U ni- Calx.,- -subscriptions aua want ada
taken.
C FIRST-CLASs COAT FINISHERS, $12 A
0 week; steady. Apply immediately, 77s Market.
ANTED — GERMAN GIRL; GENERAL
tt housework; 3. in family; wages $12. 1500
Jackson st.
PLAIN FINISHER wanted on CUSTOM
A coats. 38 Grove at
pOOD BA STEPS WANTED ON CUSTOM
Vl co.its: steady work; good wages. 740 Folsom.
GIRL FRoM 14 TO 16: MIND A CHILD;
goo 1 home. 927 Folsjui st.
II FIRST-CLASS STARCH WORK IRONERS:
< — - $25 and found. San Rafael steam Laundry,
San Rafael.
"YITANTED — PANTS FINISHER; FIRST-
IT class. 724 Vs Market st., room 27.
TIT ANTED— A lif I.L T.l A*-<-IST IN LI •HT
TT housework. 1306 Hayes st. nr. Devisadero.
ANTED—COAT FINISHERS: CUSTOM
tt made coats; understand buttonholes. 12Va
Harriet st.
J MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICE Ob' THE
'1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK; WAGES
$10. 720 Fourteenth St., near Market
GOOD STEADY FINISHERS ON* PaNTS;
vl also young operator. 560 Fourth st.
0 PANTS FINISHERS; STEADY WORK. 206
—J Minna st.
TIT ANTED— BY GERMAN COUPLE, LADY
TT as housekeeper and man to work around
place: city or country: hotel or private place;
best of reference. Address or call 22 Bernard st
-lITANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
II school: course practical; class is now forming
for spring work: satisfaction guaranteed evening
classes. 2-Va Geaay st, or 410 Leavenworth st
/•I C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THB
Uli) Call:, subscriptions and wantads. taken.
BEST AND QUICKEST PLACE ON EARTH
to learn dressmaking and millinery; patterns
25c: call and see our mammoth institution. Mc-
Dowell's. 103 Post st
Girl, McAllister st., $20. martin «_
Co., 749 Market st
SF. DRESS-CUTTING SCHO'L— FRENCH
LJ. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market r. 54.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLK;
Winchester House, 44 Third st. near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $1 5 J per night; $1 60 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
■C-J1 C LARKIN— ANCH OFFICE OF THE
.010 CAi.L Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
1 n MILKERS, DIFFERENT PLACES: BUT-
-1 v ter and cheese maker. $30. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
2 PAINTER-, CITY' WORK. MURRAY <_
READY, 634 and 636 Clay Su
Tk/JAN AND WIFE FOR A RANCH (WITH-
-1" oit children), Alameda County. MURRAY'
<_ READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
VOREMAN FOR A VINEYARD, $35 AND
-F fouud. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st Jjj-
COOPER: LIME BARREL-!. MURRAY <_
J READY, 634 and 636 Clay st - r
lli 1 DRILLERS IN A QUARRY, $175 A DAY;
_jU 3 curb-setters, 8c per foot MURRAY <_
READY, 634 and 636 Clair St. "Jy. v , * \:
of; FARMERS. orchard AND vineyard
Oil hands, different places; S choreboys. $10 per
month: man to herd sheep. MURRAY <fc
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
Cn LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS, CITY
'O\J and country, $25 and found. MURRAY <fc
READY', 634 and 636 Clay st
41. TEAMSTERS FOR A LARGE COMPANY;
_JV 2 and 4 horses. MURRAY' <t READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
1 C WOODCHOPPERS, $1 10 PER CORD,
lo MURRAY READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BARBER, COUNTRY SHOP IN A COUNTRY
hotel. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. -'..•■•-.
/-COOKS. $30, $40 AND $50; 6 WAITERS,
U $15, $20 and $25; 3 dishwasher**, $15 and *20;
waiter for a ramp, $20; cook and wife; country
second cook. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st, tele-
phone 6848 Main.
WANTED— GANG OF RAILROAD LABOR-
ers and teamsters for i all for nia: regular
wages; call to-.iay; we ship to-morrow, c. it.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
"I A FIRST-CLASS X W ITERS FOR A BAN-
AL' quel; must be smooth -shaven and have good
wardrobes. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 1 110 Geary st
ORScSUOKR, COUNTRY SHOP, $250 A
day: blacksmith, country. it 150 a day and
board; ranc.i blacksmith. $30 and board: 10
.farmers, different laicnes, $20; 6 farmers, differ-
ent ranches, * $15; choreman, $16; 6 laborers,
city, $26 and board; 10 laborers, city, $1 75 a
day. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary sl.
FRENCR OR SWISS . SECOND COOK.. $60;
A second cook, ho.ci north, *60 and rare ad-
vanced; waller, country .hotei north, $30: laun-
drymau and wife, country laundry, $50 10 $60:
Ironer on Tyler machine, country, $30. C R.
HANSEN «fe CO., 110 Geary »t
ANTED— BLACKSMITH-HELPER: ONE
"T that can drive ou shoes- Apply to J. H.
DUTCHER, Livermore, Alameda County, CaU
■ -■'■•■•'■*.'.■<"•:: ....:■':-■ -.- * .-.-... . .-.
HELP WANTED— Contfnnt>fl.
WANTED — ERRAND BOY, $3 A WEEK;
TT foreman for mine. $3 a day: plain carpenter,
$1 a day and board ; 3 woodcheppers, 70c, $1 ana
$1 25 a cord; wood turner and machine man for
country, uO aDd 35 cents an hour: neat young
butter-maker, $36 and found: farmers: laborers,
*51 75 aday; cooks, waiters, dishwvshers ana oth-
er-. Apply to J. F. CROSETT <_ CO., 628 Sacra-
mento S-
U/' ANTED— 3 NEAT LUNCH AND DINNER
♦T waiters; $20: steady jjb. J- F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st
Oft, MORE LABORERS; CITY. MARTIN &
-^ v CO., 749 Market st.
WAITER, $30 AND ROOM: COOK. $30 AND
room; waiter, country, S-'O and room; waiter,
*7 a week; young man as clerk, etc., small hotel.
$15, room, etc. : restaurant porter: 3 dishwashers,
$10 and room. MAR IN" <_ CO., 749 Market st
ELDERLY MAN FOR CHORES, <fee , $8 A
- month, room, etc. MARTIN & CO., 749 Mkt
ANCH HANDS, $20; RANCH HANDS,
$17 50; man and wife for ranch, $30. etc.; man
for fruit ranch; milker, small dairy. MARTIN
CO., 749 Aiarket st.
WANTED— BLACK--: M HELPER, ON A
TT large ranch. $26 per ,non h and boajd, steady
job; cabin, -maker I i- city. *9 i* r week, atea< y :
5 miners, «52 per inoß h; 5 farmhands for large
vineyard ci mpany, s.eady job, $20 per montn;
lv farmhands, near city, $16 to *20: milkers,
IB ter-maicers, cooks, w Hers, dlshwasheri; Ger-
luHn ooy to learn varimhl .g. etc., $3 per week to
star..; strong boy for factory, $3 a week anil in-
crease, and otheis. W. D. EWER& CO., 6-6 CI. y.
WANTED—WAITER, PLLIN HOTEL. $25;
TT German b>y as porter In saloon, $5 a week;
broiler for restaurant, $50; cook, small place,
$30; pot washer, $^5: dlswashrr, $15; choreman,
near city, $10. etc. ANDRE'S, 308 stociciou st
DETECTIVE- SHREWD, RELIABLE MAN
wanted in every locality; act under orders; no
experience needed. Writ- American Detective
Agency, Indianapolis, Ind.
ELDERLY MAN TO DO CHORES AROUND
•J a bakery. 1 139 Folsom st
— — — . ! , . .
MEN To CANVASS HOUSE TO HOUSE AND
sell to dealers. 14 McAllister st, room 38.
SECOND COOK; $35. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny st
PANTS AND VEST MAKER FOR COUNTRY.
REISS BROS. <fe CO., 26 Suttei%t
ANTED — BLACKSMITH HELPER. AP-
piy E. taUcK & CO., 107 Oregon st.
wanted — LUNCH waiter AT 107
TT Berry st., near Third.
MAN FOR EMPLOY' OFFICE: SMALL
capital. 539 California st.
ViAN WITH »50; FISJ^ BUSINESS. CALL
1»J 539 California st.
"IV ANTED— STEADY MAN TO ASSIST IN
TT taking orders in store and make himself gen-
erally useiul; must have $160 cash and be satis-
fied with $18 a weeic to start 777 Market, rm. 7.
YOUNG MAN, FROM 16 TO 20, FOR WRAP-
X- per; fine position; appl.- at once. U. S. I.
Agency, ro m 1-6, Crocker building.
LUNCH WAITER WANTED. 28 FIRST ST.;
call Hr. it.
WOODWORKER*-- UNION 15 WILL HOLD
TT to-night at 11f,9 Mission st. an agitation meet-
ing on practical trades' unionism; ali are Invited.
OwO.; Mission — SUBSCRIPTION** AND
_•,'_ want ads taken for THE CALL.
BOY' WANTED WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
in ironwork. 220 Kearny st
\\rANTFD— BOYSTO PEDDLE PLANTSON
'•commission. Call 512 Haight st
P RESSER ON PANTS; STEADY WORK.
206 Minna st.
ANTED — 2 PAINTERS. APPLY 2816
" 24th st., near Bryant aye., this morning.
1* I 1 ST-CLASS COOK WANTED. 16 STOCK-
X 1 ton st
BLACK -MITH HELPER WANTED. 1638
Mission st.
STEADY MAN FOR ".COUNTRY POSITION;
must have $5, expense money. Room 2, 9
Geary st
TAIL iRS FOR SEAT ROOM. 803 MONT-
-L gomery st, room 6; convenient place.
TAILOR WANTED AT OTIO KAISER'S BA-
looa, cor. Greenwich and Taker sts.
"I **»7 NINIH Si. — BRANCH OFFICE OP
101 inn. call; subscriptiou and want
taken.
11ARBERS— i OR EMPLOYMEN l CALL SEU
-J P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS, 325 Grantave.
JOURNEYMEN BARRER-* KM PLO YMD.->
secretary .H. BERNARD. 102 t-eventa st yjf
FIRST-CLASS TAILORS ON LADIES' CLOTH
F coats and suits; apply Immediately. H
LIEBES & CO., 133-135 Pos. st
BARBER WANTED TO BUY Al BARBErt-
bop and baihs at bargain. Information by
TANNER, 30 lurk st, saloon.
IMRST-CLASS LADIES* TAILOR WANTED.
1 VERDIER, 944 Geary st
OENTS WITH $1 50 CAN MAKE $2 60 TO
Si per day. Call H. C. FISHER, 241 Natoma.
ipORGOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CENTRAL
Repaiiinc Shoeshop, 1534 Market st., bet Lar-
kin and city Hall aye., or 749 Mission st; large
stock of new and second-hand shoes on sale ; shoes
male to order, any siyie, $3 ua
DOI) HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
000 call: subscriptions and want ada taken.
OAT, VEST AND PANTS MAKERS WANT-
) cd. Apply at 11 a. it. at Stevenson-su en-
trance to CjuaRLES LYONS', London Tailor, 721
Market st
I/* class Barbers FURNISHED BY
J? International Union Free Employment Bureau,
34 Fourth st, iheModern. L LESS, secretary.
q>-_)(.l HAVES aT.— BRANCH office of
OOV tub Call; subscrip lions ana waiu ads
taken. . ;.
LADIKS' SOLING, 36c: MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
fine shoes made $2 up. 662 Mission st.
l )(;(\(\ PAIR. ANOTHER LOT MEN'S SHOES,
+.yJ\J\J been damaged by water, at less than one-
fourth their value, from 75c up to $2 50. 662
Mission st., bet. First and Second.
SW. CUR. SIXTEEN Sl*., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tuat Call, -übscriptions aud
want ads taken.
WANTED— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
TT trade; shops, tools, positions furnished; 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 138% Eighth,
ELCHO HOL-K, *s63Vj( MARKET (ST.— i._o_l-
J 20c, 25c to Mie night: tfl to $2 weeic.
p.O'7 AIONIoOAIEnY ST., BRANCH OFFICK
• •_. i uiTu_c_ll,- want ada and subscriptions
taken.
THE ROSEDALE. 321 CHEAPEST
and best lodging-house north of Market st
SINGLE ROOMS 100 AND 160 NIGHT, 600
and 76c week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howad.
ROOMS 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT; 600 TO $1 60
per week. Oriental, 226 Drumm st
Yy ANTED— L ABORERS AND MECHANICS
"to know that Ed Rolkin. Reno Honse proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 16tl
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
L 1 simon Wants 100 m. n lo oEi But-
A-. tie beer or wine 6c: oesi tree lonch. 643 Clay
BE-T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 16, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 -6. 91 60 per wee..
Paclhc House, Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
\i\l\ 3iKN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 150
Vyfyr and 20c a nlgbt including cuSee ana TOO*.
b24 Washington st. near Kearny.^'- .-JJ. *_ ■"*>.>
WAM ADs AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
TT 'Thh Call are taken at Branch ottle* south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sta
W ANTED— SINGLE BOOMS, 180 A DAY: $1
TT weeK: rooms for 2, 260 aday. $1 60 a woe-,
if ad ing- room; dally papers. 86 Clay st.
: IA ANTED, TOCOLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR-
" ers-clerks KNOX Collection Agcv, 110 Sutter.
'j"- ACME Hou.iE, t..*" -AKk.*.l ,>.., iii!.-
--I low tixth. ior a room: 5-fx-a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 1 H1KI) ST.. NR.
»' Maricei: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and oaieage to and from the terry.
AGENTS WANTED.
SOLICITORS ON CL'-TOM PANTS. ROYAL
Os 4 Pauls Company, 223 Kearny st ; call Bto 9,
4 to 6. . .. .
AGENTS— REST AND BIGGEST BOOK OF
receipts; brand' new; will outsell all others.
Appl. quick for choice of territory F. PERSON,
manager subscription department, the Whitaker
<_ Ray io. * y- ; --
GENTS— A BOOK WRITTEN BY' GEN-
eral Miles, commander-in-chief of tbe United
States army; full of interesting Indian experi-
ences ss by tiie great » Indian fighter; one agent's
commissions over $40 the first 2 days. F. PER-
SON, Mgr. subscription Department, The Whita-
ker <_ Ray Company, 723 Market st.
AGENTS— A CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA
•map: Lest; latest: you can coin money. F
PERSON, Mr. Subscription Dept. The Whitaker
'& Bay Co., 723 MarKet st
EOAKIHNIi WANTED.
AMERICAN GENTLEMAN DESIRES
hoard and room where Spanish Is ' spoken In
, house, a. 8., box 121, Call Office. j
' "•■PERSONAM.'
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
ialty. private; no fee without success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale'
damages, etc. -. private detectives: estab. 10 years.
C.W.HOWK. ai:y-at-la\v. SSU Mar!-et,cor.Stocktn
HAIR OR SCALP TROUBLES? USE ••QUINO-
„nIa" Hair Tunic, 35c bottle. G. LEDERER,
111 Stockton st
GOING TO THE SPRINGS— EH?
rNo use. RHEUMATISM and BLOOD
TROUBLES cured at DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO-
MAGNETIC BATHS More convenien , half the
expense, permanent cure: needn't go away from
home to be cured; hygienic board; sunny rooma
Sanitarium, 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
TELEPHONES.
KLEIN'S Electrical Works, 421 Montgomery.
If iaterested send for catalogae.
MASSAGE TREATMENT GIVEN BY MRS.
EMMA ROSE, formerly at the Hammam
Baths: hours 9to 9. 17 Fourth St., room 1.
MME. ROLLAND HAS RETURNED AND
located parlor 1, 223 Post st. palmist.
WANTED— OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACTUR-
»T in™, O. NOLTE, jeweler, 222 o'Farrell st
SUPERFLUOUS* HAIRS REMOVED BY
electrolysis. MR. DE WELCH, 2115 Bush.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS: $1
a week. N.Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny, upstairs
HEUMATISM CURED OR MONEY RE-
It funded; poor treated free. 305 Eddy st
H HUFSCHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gasfitter. 623 Golden Oateav. Tel. Sutter 471.
MME. MYRTLE POTTER REMOVED FROM
1362 Market st to 33 Sixth, room 17.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, FORMKRiA' 223
Fost st., removed to 120y a Geary, room 2.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; legal everywhere: terms and payments
obliging. Address lockbox F', 1538 Market st.,
San Francisco, CaL '.*;;-
SPECIAL AND LAST CLASS OF SEASON IN
hairdressing and manicuring begins Monday,
April 26: half rates given. Up-To-Date Parlors,
1026 Market st. over The Wonder. Tel. Mint 1595
DRUNKENNESS- CURES GUARANTEED.
Gold Cure, Sacramento, CaL ; 26 Page St., S. F.
CABINET BATHS FOR LADIES AND
gents, ALICE FAY', 128 Seventh St., top flat.
ARE YOU SATISFIED WITH YOUR HAIR-
y\ dresser? Have you tried LedererT My hair-
dressing costs only 25c for any style (only one
price), and is easily the best in town; switches
run from $1 to $3; bleaching roots of hair, 50c;
restoring gray or bleached hair, from 81 60 to *5.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st
FACIAL BLEMISHES. WRINKLES, SMALL-
POX pittincs and superfluous hair removed by
latest discovery: sunken eyes and cheeks filled
out; baldness cured. MRS. E. KINO, 624 Sutter.
VINE BLACK SUIT; $12 50. MISFIT CLOT H-
A 1 ing parlors, 513 Montgomery st
1 (Md BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED. $1 50;
±\J\J wedding work. HILL 22% Geary st
HOME A ERIE Nil AND MOTHER'S CARE
MRS DR FUNKE. 1416 _Jg_\h St. Alameda.
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
tailoring; lowest prices. 216 Kearny, upstairs.
JOSEPH GREVEtN'S OPERA SCHOOL FUR-
nishes solos, duets, quartets or entire opera acts
for the protesslonal stage, ana for oratorio, concert
or church as well, on shortest notice. Murphy
building, Market and Jones, rooms 121 and 122.
RELIABLE AND EFFICIENT DETECTIVE
service. Rooms 19. 20 and 21, Chronicle bidg.
810 OUTDOOR sTKRLOI'TICON sHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of bust-
ness. consult OWL ADV. CO.. 140 Market st.
UAHTINOTON'-*-* "SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
- and Newspaper Illustration: particulars aa to
terms, eta, 424 Pine at; illustration- ;_r_ia_ed
tor magazines, newspapers, etc.
L)UI*TURE ANU PILES CURED; NO Pa If
X- nntU cnred; send for book. DRSL M_.N ■**■*.
FIELD <_ PORTERFIELD. 838 Market st
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
i Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market:
LOO rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 pec
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
CLOAKS, FURS A.*ii bUl'la RETAILED •*-»
\J wbolesala price*. Factory. 20 Sansome ss.
DXUBSSS- AKERS.
DRESSES $2 UP; CAPES $1 UP; WRAP
pers 50c up 431 Minna st
CLAIRVOYANTS.
WHAT IS YOUR VOCATION? V . T
HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUR HOPES?
. Mrs. DR. F. CLARK will lift, the dark veil of
your future life: she gives you valuable ADVICE
and AID in all affairs of life, of private as well as
i of business nature as, tor instance, pertaining to
Love, Matrimony, Friendship, Business, Lawsuits,
Contested Wilis, Divorce. Damage Suits, Mining.
She discovers lost or stolen property, finds buried
treasures, prevents sickness misfortune; recon-
ciles the separated, thus restoring lost happiness.
Every person i-t adapted to some particular busi-
ness, profession or trade, whicb may justly be term-
ed their true vocation, and yet more tnan half of
you are fighting against an unknown fate for fame,
lortune and posit ion which you do not and cannot
obtain until you find your true vocation. Hours. 9
to 6 daily, send stamp for circular and special
terms. MRS DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Ma.ket, S. F.
MISS VAN DE VERE CELEBRATED PALM-
Ist, trance medium; if there is anything you
wish to know, any desire of your heart ungratlfiid,
consult one whose power lies my sti fie I the most
sceptical; she not only possesses the unborn eift
of soul clalrvoyancy, but studied for yean with
masters in occultism, and guarantees satisfaction;
"Napoleonic" charms make you infallible in love
and business. 1 Filth st, parlors 1, 3 and Ba.
MME. DO. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past;
present, future; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted: names given; good advice: snrs
help: restores lost lova by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: lee si; letter $2. 829 Post st, nr Larkin.
MME. PORTER— WONDERFUL CLAIR VOY-
ant and card-reader: born with double veil
and second sight; diagnoses diseases, with full life
reading; ladies 50c: gents $1: palmistry and clair-
voyant sittings, Sl 50. 126 Turk st, near Jones.
MM A DT. GERMAN FORTUNE-
teIIer, returned from Europe; life, cradle to
grave; picture husband, wife; fee 60c up. 957
Harrison st
MMr.. MELBOURNE, GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant; never fails; call and be convinced. 419
Geary st, room 22, second floor: 26c and 50c
MME MOREAU, BEST FORTUNE-TELLER,
medium, card-reader; 26c up. 764 Howard st
CONSULT LUCKY MEDIUM; READS FROM
cradle to grave; 25c. 41 Minna, basement
MRS. MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth st : water readings specialty.
MME RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice; names given: 25c up.s Fourth.
MME. PEARL RAYMOND, FROM THE
East; magnetic treatments. 7 Grant ay., rs.7-8.
C-fYPSY LIFE READER. 3 SEVENTH ST.:
J ladles 26c, gents 50c; all questions answered.
\,IME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
iVI graye -.pictures given ; ladles 25c. 914 o'Farrell.
SPIRITUALISM.
ME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
-'» urn: life readings, love affairs, business nvest-
ments.ml v in ., speculations a special ty. 838 Mission
MRS. FULTON— WRITING SEANCE
to-night, 50c; sittings dally. 31 Fell st. - ; , ; .
V. MILLER. ETHEREALIZING-MATE-
. rializing trumpet seance, 8 p. m.,535 Post st ;
25c. . --- * . ■
ADDIE SWAIN. SEER; CIRCLE WEDNES-
day and Frldar; sittings Ito R. 114 Jones st.
ME YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
convincing tests; 10c. 418 McAllister st.
Rs7 HENDEE ROGER-.' TEST AND DE-
veloplng circle to-night 122 Taylor st ,.
MRS. MAYO STEERS, 112% OAK: CIRCLES
Tuesday, 8 p. M., Thursday, SI p. it.; readings.
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 Haight St.: hours 9 until 6p. *_.
MRS. C. J. MEYER— TEST CIR. 2 AND BP. M.:
tests to all; 10c: sittings. 326 McAllister st.
I)EMOVAL- FRED EVANS"*, THE SLATE-
-- writing medium, is now located all 122 -Market.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. 218 Stockton st
.i HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSE
falls: aI«o taught Hypnotic Inst.. 6 O'Farrell.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PHYSICIAN WANTED 1 0 LOCATE IN
thriving mining district. .Apply 211 1 owell st,
riom 10. ■"•..-■•.••• ..--.■•.
/ WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
BARBER WANTS TO BUY SHOP IN SMALL
.town. Address GEORGE STEPHAN, Colum-
bia Hotel, fcddy st
SELL YOUR BOOKS. NOVELS AND CLOTH-
ing to a. KLEIN, 109 Sixth st; send -postal.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER. BOUGHT.. ,W.
. MUND, watchmaker and Jeweler, 226 Ellis st
t BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, BASHES*.
i xj doors, mantel* eta. for aale. 1168 Mission st
-. -">■:■ .* *■- ..-!-.■-, ■-'-■'-. - ■ ■■■ ..:■■■ :."*:"'.:; • *• '. ** '}■" ** ** . V.' - ■..* .*, *. 1 ■
BUSINESS CHANCES.
ftf^nn IOFFEE SALOON AND LUNCH-
:*iIrOUU. house on Montgomery St.: doing flrst-
clas' business: net rent $40; bargain. WILKE,
783 Market st.
ftl f\f\(\ MOST ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
■©x UUU. imllllnery establishment; best loca-
tion, near Xiarket; seiecte 1 stock of goods, large
patronr-.te: owner going East and must sacrifice.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market st.
ft'-**?-"-. OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER GRO-
•_ 010. eery and bar in busy location; fine
stock of Groceries, good bar trade, low rent; a bar-
gain. Inquire WILKE, 783 Market st
ft 4oo we i*-l PATRONIZ-D bestau-
*tlP*T\lU. rant in wholesale district; fine class of
customers; no Sunday work: a good paying place.
Particulars, WILKE, 783 -Markets.
THE LARGEST, THE BEST LOCATED, THE
most money making branch bakery, stationery.
fi ney grocery and candy store of Ibis city for sale;
owner to make trip to rone; living rooms: no
triiicts need to inquire. « ILKE 783 Markei st
ft! 900 '-OKNER GROCERY AND BAR
■UP_-_.W. with 4 living rooms; choicest loca-
tion in Mission; a straight, genuine Al paying
business. WILKE 783 Market sL
ftJOD GOOD PAYING SALOON ON EAST
«fl "±\J\J. st, opposite the Oakland ferry; a bar-
gain. Apply WILKE, 783 Market st
ftA'^O BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 LIV-
'JT _:cM'. ing-rooms: rent $22; a senu'ne good
business offer; daily receipts $14; kepi by owner
for years; rarest chance. WILKE, 783 Mar; et st
ft T^O LUNCH AND CHOI- HOUSE; ES-
-Jp I OU. tabiished years; patronized by mer-
chants and brokers; money-making place: no
Sunday or night work. W ILKE, 783 Market St.
ft&P-iO CORNER BARROOM; CHOICEST
tIpOOU. downtown location: doing a first-class
paying business; low rent; investigate at once;
you will find No. 1 burgain. WILKE. 783 Market
ftti'^A CIGAR-STORE AND BILLIARD
•tip UOU. hall, with 2 fine tables, fixtures and
stock of goods: actual value $1200; lively country
town; must be sold this week. Call WILKK, 783
Market st .**/ JJ.J-yj'tJ;.
ftl 7' FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STORE: THE
•©J- « O. best location near Market st: fine fix-
tures; large patronage; owner has other buiiness.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market at.
WANTED— A RELIABLE MAN* OF ORDIN-
TT ary business ability as partner In commission
business, oldest estab ishea of the kind in the city,
to look after inside work and keep plain ac-
counts: knowledge of German desirable, but not
Indispensable; a first-class opening for suitable
nan, who will Deed but small capital: owner in
abso ute ned of a live man whom he can depend
on; full investigation as to past aDd present re-
turns from the business: references exchanged.
Apply M. LESS, 5 Fourth st
ft I E\f\l) SALOON; ONE OF THE OLDEST
•©i.-'UU. places near the Chronicle building:
place crowded all day; finely fitted up; easily
worth $250 J; rent moderate: must be aeen to be
appreciated. M. LESS, 6 Fourth st
MILLINERY STORE: TWO DOORS NORTH
of Market st; fine large store; four nice
living-rooius: rent low: has a good new stock on
nand; good business. M. LESS, 6 Fourth St.
rftlßOn SALOON* IN AN EXCELLENT BUSI-
tJpUUU. Dess locality ; one or the oldest-estab-
lished and best-known places in its neighborhood:
rent reasonable; large stock; does a business that
would juuify an investment of at least $1000,
which will be proven Dy a trial: thorough investi-
gation allowed to any one meaning business; sat.
isfactory reasons for selling M. LESS, 5 Fourth,
ft^nn CORNER GROCERY AND RAR; A
tiD^Kjyj. few blocks north of Market street;
finely fitted up: good, large stock on han-i: 4 nice
living-rooms; rent low. M. LESS 5 Fourth st.
ft I 10 SALOON— ONE OF THE FINEST
vJ-xAi\J\J. and oidest places in the immediate
vicinity of many laree theaters; elegant private
rooms; magnificent fixtures; clears $160 to $200
per month. M. LeS->, 6 Fourth st
ftAKn STATIONERY AND VARIETY,
«JpU*U I/, cigars, notions and school supply store;
in best busi'ies^ part of Western Addition: cheap
ia t: 4 living-rooms; positive value in sight; near
schools- M. LESS, 6 Fourth st.
ft9 p »0 SALOON; FINELY LOCATED:
-tJp_.cM». cheap re-it; eood fixtures: well stocked;
4 living-rooms; worth $600; owner going East M.
LESS, 5 Fourth st
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS QUICK FOR
cash see STRAND & RICHARDS, 1118 Mar-
ket st.
ft'L^ft PARTNER WANTED IN COMMIS-
*tI)i_OU. sion business: established 12 years;
will pay any one willing to work an average of $75
per mouth: no -unday or night work: part cash:
sate investment: see to-day. STRAND A RICH-
ARDS, 1118 Market sl
ft_LOO SALOON; CONNECTED WITH
«Jp*±UU lodging-house of 200 rooms and large
livery stables. . worth doub'e: must sell on ac-
count of sickness. STRAND A RICHARDS,
1118 Market at v. --t*k-> 'i*
S-ICA PRIVATE DINING PARLOR: N.
ww of Market st; doing a good business:
great bargain; on account of departure: see this
offer; free rent STRAND A RICHARDS, 1118
Market st _.. _. v
S-iCfl CORNER GROI ERY AND BAR;
OOU. good stock, fixtures, safe: no opposi-
tion: great bargain. STRAND <_ RICHARDS,
1118 Mnrketst ■■„"_,■
ft 1 1 f\C\ LIVERY, BOARDING AND SALE
<tll)-l lUU. stable, centrally located, near Aiar-
ket St.: partner wanted: has 20 boarders, 20
horses, 2 hacks, wagonette, coupe, lo buggies.
wagon, cans, harness, etc.: over 100 stalls; very
reasonable rent: established 15 years; clears
$250 per month: owner first-class livery man;
needs the assistance of an active man as , in tner.
Seeui-.ORGE STEWART & CO , 632 Marketst
fl_-jßf| OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER SA-
«JT"iOOU. loon; run by present owner 13 years,
who Is retiring from business: 3 rooms: best class
of liquors. Apply to W. F. HEALY, 917 MarkeL
ft On ,4 KEAT BARGAIN; COR.**.' KR'
■(Jp c) UU liquor saloon: leading business street
off Market: cash register, safe, etc. W. F.
HEALY*. 917 M.>r<et st
ftl £vn RESTAURANT. NEAR 8. P. R. B.
<(pi-OU. depot: 4 living-rooms: great bargain; on
account of departure. HEALY, 917 Market st
•JJ.QOO RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
*t]pOUU. house: at ereat bargain: near Maiket
and Fourth sts.: low rent; good business. BASILE
A BARRETT, 873V a Market St
-*-*->-] lit CORNER CIGAR-STAND, LAUN-
tH)X_.O. dry, near MarKet and City Hall; low
rent; good business. RASILE A BARRETT,
873% Market si.
ESTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION: SACRI.
fiee: good business- BARRETT,B73"/j Market
SEE BARRETT A BASILE, 873% MARKET
0 st. for one of the best bargains in cigar-staod,
candy, notion-stores in the city.
ft'/tflA BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, NO-
*(3)_.UU. tion store; north Market; receipts 87 a
day; low rent BARRETT A CO., a73Va Maruet
ftf^-^n SALOON* WITH 11 FURNISHED
*Jjpt)«>U. rooms: only $60 rent: choice corner:
1 block from water front WILKE 783 Market.
W- ANTED— IMMEDIATELY, INTELLIGENT
man having $300; great opportunity: no
schemes; must travel; legitimate only; those
meaning business answer. W. 1., box 18, CalL
OR RENT (USE OF FIXTURES, Fl RNl-
tnre, etc., free)— Large basement saloon on
Third st, near Market; low rent. Call at 825
Market St., room 629.
ALF-INTEREST IN MEAT MARKET;
must be practical man: full investigation. Ad-
dress B , Call Office, Alameda. Jy y-
SALOON. CHEAP, ON ACCOUNT DEPART.
Dure: centrally located; bears investigation. In-
quire Albany Brewery.
ANDY-STORE AND FACTORY, ICECREAM
VJ parlors, soda fountain: near Call building;
make offer. Apply 45 Third st.
STO..E FOR SaLE; PRICE $1000; FURNl-
ture, notions, bicycles, other busiuess. Box
814. Gilroy, CaL • >..
Al GROCERY AND BAR SOUTH OF MAR-
ket st ; near firehouse; fide family trade- no
agents. ADply Call Office.
OOD-.' CORNER GROCERY AND BAR-
cheap; no opposition; $325; 4 living-room/
331 Sixth st. ' 6 UUJ
ftl £\M -PART-NEK WANTED-LIGHTBUBI-
*tjPAOI7. ness; $18 a week each. 9 Geary st .
room 2...
ARE CHANCE: RESTAURANT IN Busi-
ness location; cheap: rent low. . 210 Drumm.
fl OOD BUSINESS, CHEAP. PARTICULARS
VT at 120.; Fillmore si., city.
,\ ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY A
VX young widow. Room 8, 207 Post at f
SALMON MAN WITH $200 CAN MAKE
money. Farticula.s 639 California st.
HAIR BARH- R-SHOP, GOOD LOCATION,
-J with 4 living-rooms. Apply this oflice.
ft 100 SALOON FOR SALE; OLD E-TAB-
•tiPIVV/. lished place: no night work. Apply this
office.
ft.900 --J ( JK AT THIS FINE SALOON;
♦iP_.W. good stock; floe location; cheap rent
805 Howard st y,
CJ ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
vJ young lady; conntry business. 17 Grant aye.,
room 2.
ft '-Tin HALF-INTEREST ESTABLISHED
O\J\J. manufacturing business: noexperience
needed. 827 Mission st
COFFEE PARLOR: OOOD BUSINESS FOR
man and wife. 6<!Ba Post st
"LOR RENT- FAMILY' RESTAURANT:
A large ulning-room; French range: 2 suites of
rooms; bath, etc. Apply W. B. CLUFF, 17 sixth.
MILK ROUTE; 90-GAL. TRADE; 2 HORSES,
wagon, cream separator, cans, etc.; all ln
i good condition. 159 becond sb
! BUSINESS CHANCES— Continue*!.
HIGHEST CASH PRICKS PAID FOR FURNl-
ture, restaurant saloon fixtures and pOM*7
BtOCKS. STENBERG. 632 Market: tel. main 1043.
ffl* On -fl BRANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS, ETC. ;
•tJhZUU. good location; rent $11: present oilier
her 6 years. EN BRG A CO , 632 M arlo i*|* t
_>/fwA LAUNDRY ROUTE, CLE ARI AG
<n_:Ol/. $100 a month; good horse and wag*pn;
trial given. STENBERG A CO., 632 Market a".
FRUIT. VEGETABLE AND DELICACIES
1 store; only $90: use horse and wagon. DECK-
ER, 1020 Market s^.
(QAA CIGAR AND STATIONERY STORE;
qIOUU. c earing over $100 per month above all
expenses: trial given before buying; cheap rent,
with living-rooms; value in sight C. S., box 88,
Call Office.
FOR SALE OR TRADE: GOOD PAYING
lodging-bouse north of Market st. ; trial given;
goes cheap for cash: owner soing to Europe. Ad-
dress Rnrber, 40.*> >ixth a... no agents.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RESTAURANT FOR
sale, cheap: Ine location; doing good busi-
ness; owner going to the old country; investigate.
202 Townsend St., cor. of bird.
"L**INE DRESSMAKING E-T \KLISHMENT
F for sale: also furniture of 5-room flat cheap; ac-
count of leaving lor Europe. Address M. I_, box
72, Call Office.
LADY WI-HES GENTLEMAN PARTNER:
$j0: country business. Room 2, 223 Post SL
ft /Id A GROCERY' AND RAR; 5 LJVING-
«JP"±UU. rooms: rent $35. Hibernia Brewery.
ROOMING-HOUSE ON MARKET: .MUST BE
sold; a bargain. Apply M., box 21, Call.
GOOD LOCATION FOR A GOOD CARRIAGE
painter. Inquire 1340 Turk st
BRANCH BAKERY FOR SALE CHEAP; 3
living-rooms. 3421 Sixteenth st.
ftl 1A A GROCERY' AND BAR; FINE
lUU. stock: nice family trade. Apply Call.
ftl 000 GROCERY and bar; must be
*UnIUUU. sold: established 8 years; doing good
business; full value in stock; rent $20- 45 Third.
FOR SALE— STAR AND GARTER SALOON,
137 Fifth at.; established 188b; 3 living-rooms;
no agent
RESTAURANT; FINE LOCATION; CHEAP;
good place tor two 324 Larkin st.
FOR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR: OWNER
selling on account of sickness. 240 Minna st. . /
BRANCH BAKERY, NOTION AN'i STA-
tionery; good place; clieaD; make offer. 449
Guerrero st
ftl finO HaY * GRAIN, WOOD AND COAL.
<©_-'-'-'. business: mustseU: cause, sickness
Address R. 0., box 101, Call Office.
; : *
OLD ESTARHSHED BAKERY FOR SALE;
sbop business : no wagon. Address C. X., box
98, Cull Office.
OR SALE CHEAP— OYSTER AND CHOP
bouse; leaving for Greece. 344 Third st
FOR sale —Sacramento AGENCY OF
X this paper. For particulars I quire Call Office.
PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN-
quire this office or at 133 Third st., Portland,
Oregon. *-
VINE EXPRESS TEAM AND WAGON;
-T must be sold at once. 211 Larkin st.
WANTED— INDU- TRIOUS BUSINESS MAN,
with $2000. D. J., box 151, Call Office.
SMALL VARIETY-STORE ON" MARKET ST.;
sale or exchange. Apply Call Office.
REST,-. ANT CHEAP-GOOD BUSINESS;
cheap rent; trial given. R. T.. box 98. Call.
* -A'EcK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
-rV. WEEKLY CALL. Un wrapjer. for mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
*] A-ROOM HOUSE, CORNER $300
J" 8-room new -flat, best in city 80'J
108-room house, clearing $330 6,000
13 rooms on Eddy s, ;... c5O
19 rooms on Post St., flue I.OO J
60-room house on Pine St., rent $85 2,000
12 rooms on Van Ness aye., only. ..1,490
10 rooms, cor. Farrell st ..ii. 350
17-room house on sixth street ...... .......... b5O
H. C. DECKER, 10*20 Market st, Opp. Fifth.
(JJMTF. HO-SE 16 ROOMS: I ' 'W-LL FUR-
»ft -t 10. Dished: baihs; line location; rent »4..;
clears $60 month. STRAND dt RICHARDS, 1118
Market St.
To Buy or sella lodging-hou-e s-^e
STRAND & RICHARDS, 1118 M..rket st.
ft_L7)X HOU.--E, 16 R- OMS; WELL FUR- <
»IPt:'»-'. nished; baths; fine location; rent $45; I
clears $60 montn. sTRAND A RICHARDs, 1118 I
Market st. 1
TO BUY iiR SELL A LODGING-HOUSE SEE 1
RAND A, RICHARDS, 1118 market ,L "
ft 7MI HOUSE OF 26 ROOMS; BEsT LOCA-
»U> • O\J. tion on Markt si.; a rare bargain;
owner is leaving for Europe. WILKK, 783 Market.
FURNITURE FOX SALE.
ENTIRE STOCK T. H. NELSON", DECEASED,
now being sacrificed to close estate: household
furniture every description, new and 2<l-hand: pos-
itively below cost; genuine closing out 126 4iu.
AYE MONEY— BUY FURNITURE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Mission; advances.
HOUSEHOLD ranges ARE THE BEST
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market st
FURNITURE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY, HE-
moved to 1171 Mission st. near Eighth, tele-
jjhone Mint 1393, you get highest cash paid for
merchandise, furniture, art goods, pianos, tiorar.c i
BEST PRICES FOR FURNITURE MDSE..
etc STREETA CRESWELL Auctioneers,? 2l
Howard streeet Houses bought intheirentirety.
L 1 URN ITU RE, STOVES CARPETS, COUN-
_' ters, showcases ANDERSON, Il_l Market.
•********'^''''''''^^''''''''^ M ''''''''''''''''''''''''''* M *** MM '*^^ w^^ MM^'^^^^ ,M^^^^ lw -^ i| i^^*^^
CARPET CLEANING.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO., 403
sutter; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
CITY STEAM CARPET-CLEANING WORKS:
VJ cleans, moves, ays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mgr, 38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
J WaTTS, reliable carpet-cleanlug renovtg alter-
. worKs. 413 McAllister. TeL Jessie 32L
CARPET-CLEANING, 3c; LAYING, 3c; RUG
samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 3 Bths»
ARFET-> CLEANED. RENOVATED LIKE
new. J. M cQ UEEN, 4S3 Stevenson. TeL 5.225.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
*» poor work toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Ca--
•pet-beatlng Works. 353-67 Tehama st. ; teL Sa -A
Cl ARRETS CLEANED RENOVATED LIKE
-'new. 23 Tenth; leL South 36. Mackintosh A Co.
JE MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEANING CO
. 240 14th st ; cleaning 3c a yard. TeL Mia 7i.
C ONKLIN'S CARPET - BEATING WORK:..
333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
• — ■ ■a
FOB SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
PAIR OF GEMS: DIAMOND SCREW EAR-
rings $230, worth $-100. Uncle Harris, 15 GranL
i-INE family COW. WITH I CALF. M. A.
KRETH. 1445 Thirteenth aye., south S. F.
L RESH 5-GALLON COW: RICH MILK. 11l
A Jersey st, bet. Church and Twenty-fiLh.
THOROUGHBRED WATER SPANIEL FOR
sale. N. R. box 142, Call.
SECOND-HAND SHAFT, PULLEY AND
obe ting for sale. 827 Hampshire st
THOROUGHRRED GRr AT DANE PUP;
prize- winning stock; must be sold. 17 Hyde st
- SECOND-HAND SEWING-MACHINE?;
$C SECOND-HAND SEWING-MACHINE--.
O. repairing all kinds. 1915 Mission st
"I 7-HORSK-PO WER ENGINE. 1 4-HORS E.
X power engine, with toiler, gas-engine, lathes,
Planers and shapers. 515 Sixth st.
i. AKS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS, SHOW-
-"* cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
1 store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
secondhand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-3
Mission st, above Sixth.
SAFES— NEW AND SECOND-HAND. 609
Market st
6 -FOOT PORCELAIN BATHTUBS fiO EACH;
in perfect order. H. 8. WHITE 616 Mission.
J.*jILERs,ENGI.-*.E.-s,*iD-HANU MACHINERY
1> water-pipes. Mcintosh A Woipman, 137 Reals.
COFFEE-MILL. SCALE*-, LETTER PRESS;
stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
DAKS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. SHELV-
J) ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
Lai.ge double compart men P COIN
bank safe; cheap. 8 Mission st '• •'",'-> •
NEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
IM W. 8. RAY MFG. CO.. 12 California st
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market at.
BRANCH OFFICE OFTHE CALL, 167 NINTH
> st: want ads and subscriptions taken.*'"
BICYCLES.
! Ti' Oß BALE-HIGH GRADE '96 WHEEL- Air
JC most new; $30. 2824 Howard st.
TANDEMS, "96" PATTERN, GOOD AS NEW.
$70 and upward: bargains in second - hand
wheels. Golden Ru.e Bazaar cycle department,
125 Geary au gE__B_i_-B__B£'HOUSES TO LET.
Q»QA NEW, 2-STORY: HEIGHTS;
«Jso*'. fine marine view. DR. DAVIS, Murphy
lulldlng.
HOUSE OF 10 BCOMS AND BaTH: STREET
in rear, and sunny; sultarle for doctor's oflice
i-r dressmaker: rem $50. 1117 sutter st.
T|,j LIBERTY— IF YuU WA NT A MOST DE-
» V^ ll«htful home in a desirable neighborhood,
non't fall 10 Inspect this iiirnv 7-room bay-wind tw ;
dwelling, with its garden end beautiful view; rent
<htap: furnished or 1111 urnishrd. _____ j
HOUSE, 9 ROOMS; FIRST-CLASS STYLE; |
1011 Buchanan St. SHAInWALD-BUCK-
BEE COM PA Y. '
1 7 9fl FILLMORE- VERY -UNNY. HAND-
x I _.U some 6 rooms; all modern: yard; ears.
<2>Q HOUSE OF 5 BOOMS IN FINE ORDER.
<3>o. 1555 Kearny st., near Green**!*-.
OUSES TO RENT FOR VERY* LITTLE
money nt BALDWIN *- HOWELL'S, 10
Montgomery st.
FUKNISHED HOUSES.
»«30 K/l FORADI 1 W: 4 COMFORTABLE
O-<--..0U. rooms: bath; -beds, 2 stoves, gas
andcoal. 1917 Geary si.
md LET-FUKN iii ED-ELEGANT MODERN
1 cnttag«i of 6 rooms: bath and basement. 1936
Ettdy St., bet. lv*. .-:,.:■- .' and Ui-i'-l'Tick.
ITMMSIIKD FLATS.
tTlatToß RKNTt 4 BOOMS, BATH, LAUN-
-T dry. piano: rent.*lB. Addr.ss 3166 Tweuty-
third St., near Howard. '
TkARGAINI SUNNY: NICELY FURNISHED
_t> flat. sor 6 rooms. 2514 t^ Sutter: call 12 to 2.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ONLY $10 PER MONTH; COTTAGE OF 5
rooms: remodel*-"*! : newly painted and paper-
ed- arenca pL, iii Townsend St., near Third.
Apply MADISOd •_ BURKE, 626 Market st-
y_ I J 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 32 DAME ST.,
«5iT. near Cburch and Thirtieth.
*21 fl AND $8 50 — 2 COTTAGES: 11 RUS-
iJIU sell st. and 3 Tay st., off Clay, near Mason.
JL f. .
•r.O prrv COTTAGE OF 3 LARGE ROOMS:
«I>O.Ov/. garden; yard. 18 Prospect aye., bet.
-Twenty-seventh and Twenty -eighth sis., near
Mission.
9 SUNNY MODERN COTTAGE*: 5 ROOMS,
*•■ bath, laundry and basement; convenient: rent
$12 50. 145:; 7th aye. south, nr. Railroad-aye. cars.
c Cfl NATOMA— NEAT COTTAGE: 4 ROOMS
000 and tath; large yard and basemen*.: rent
low.
TO LET COTTAGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
rem $18. 449 Bryant st.
FLATS TO LET:
T^LAri 381 (jouoiTsr.; 4 rooms and
X bath: $21. Apply MADISON <_ BURKE.
T?LAT; 202 HICKORY AYE.; 4 ROOMS AND
x bath; rent $16 50. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. v-v.
OCTAVIA ST.. BET. WALLER AND HAIGHT,
V) opp. Valencia: rent grea Iy reduced; cheapest
flats in city: sun all day. will be put In first-class
order- 6 and 7 rooms una bath. MADISON <fc
BURKE
&in TAKE YOUR CHOICE: 4OR 5-ROOM
♦JiU. flats; near Call. SPECK <_ CO., 602
Market st.
ffl. i A 6 LARGE ROOMS: LARGE YARD
*tj»_.U. and stable; 4144 Twenty-fifth st., near
Castro.
$15— Lower flat: 1411 Guerrero st., near Army;
5 rooms; porcelain.
-1 A 1 9 MINNA. NR. ELEVENTH— 4 |AND 5
IU '_- sunny rooms; folding-doors; gas; yard;
rentsl4 up
-1 - ll EDDY - NICE, SUNNY, CORNER
10"i2 fl_t; 6 rooms; modern; rent reasonable.
It-iIT I STEINER - SUN MO D- R N
ICU I 2 lower flat: 5 large rooms and bath.
Q-i 6 SUNNY* ROOMS; MARINE VIEW.
tjpjl U. SW. corner Polk and Union sts.
VICE HAi OF 6 SUNNY' ROOMS FACING
IX park panhandle 1626 Fell st.
"VJEW FLAT 6 BOOMS AND BATH; RENT
IN cheap. 519L_Oakst-
_"•>-) " A MODERN SUNNY 6-ROOM FLAT.
tjZi.OU 1808 FagesL
Q-l ft FOUR SUNNY' ROOMS IVY AYE.,
«351 U. near Van Ness.
Q-' I TWENTY-SECOND, NKAR DOLORES
OOOt —Sunny flat of 5 rooms and bath; double
parlors: rent $1-' 50.
fIOMPLKTELY FURNISHED FLAT; PIANO;
Vy rent $35. 116 Lyon st. 2 .*■■:*.
FLAT OF 8 ROOMS AND BATH ■ RENT REA-
J: sonabie. SE. cor. Page and Lyon sts.
IT FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH: RENT
J cheap. 208 Noe st., bet Filteenth and Six-
teenth.
-Jjjqr MODERN FLAT, 8 ROOMS, BATH; 1
tJP-10. or 2 families. 1128 Howard st.
-_.*1 o NEW BAY - WINDOW FLAT; 8
1 O. rooms; gas; tubs; bath. 909 Folsom, near
Fifth.
C>*l-a FLAT. 4 ROOMS: HALL; DOUBLE
itJilU. parlors; yard. 1606 Sievenson, near
Eighteenth.
[i79KI NATOMA— LOWER FLAT OF FIVE
I _,Oa nice rooms; rent reasonable.
"YEW FLAT 7 SUNNY* ROOMS:. MODERN
IN improvements. 3435 Twentieth st., bet.
Howard and C'Bpp.
Mil F U LTON —EXTRA FINE MIDDLE
1 — flat, 6 rooms and bath; hew; $30.
CHOICE SUNNY' FLAT?, MODERN CON-
yy veniences: cheap to good tenants. See owner,
6 Collingwood st.
Qin UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH
010. 16.5Va Fine st., above Van Ness aye.
I 7 ELLIOTT PARK, 01-F STEINER, NEAR
1 i Geary— 3 large sunny rooms, yard and cellar;
rent $12. Inquire 1911 ceary st.
"i 7H-K FOST-a 4 AND 5 ROOM FLATS;
J IUU baths: garden; rent $15.
O YOU WANT A NEW FLAT OK COT-
tage: cheap. See sPECK <fe CO., 602 Mar_eL <
_** LATS TO LET FOR VERY LITTLE i
X money at BALDWIN* & HOWELL'S, 10 Mont- I
torn cry st.
<_-! *r LOWER FLAT; 643 CASTRO, NEAR !
•ilrlO. 19th; 5 rooms: porcelain bath.
CHEAF MODERN FLATS, b AND 6 I
VJ rooms. $8 to $16: sen tbem. 523 Seventh st.
? * WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
■ A. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
_—»——_—_—_- —^ ———. — — . — — ■
l
HOUSEKEp;riNO BOOMS.
Clementina Street.
C Q CLEMENTINA— 2 OR 3 LARGE SUNNY
000 rooms for housekeeping; furnished or un-
furnished.
Eddy street.
QIC EDDY— 2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED OR
OJ O furnished sunny rooms: reference.
Eighth Street.
-I "I 9 EIGHTH-FRONT AND BACK PAR-
-1 1— iors and 3 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. -•*,: H'J-Jj.
Fillmore Street.
aif; 5 SUNNY ROOMS: BATH; LARGE
-5510. yard. 2208 liil more st., near Clay.
Fourth -treet.
. ■IQi FOURTH -LARGE ALCOVE FRONT
_t/l room and kitchen; furulshed complete for
housekeeping: cheap rent.
-ilih -Hire*;.
9*l A FIFTH-LARGE SUNNY FRONT BED-
- • JI _* roem and kitchen, bath; no children; pri-
vate; $11-
-. 099 FIFTH-2 ROOMS. FURNISHED FOR
• )_.»- housekeeping; rent cheap.
Franklin Street.
7 FBANKLTN— 2 lURNIS HED ROOMS FOR
i housekeeping: cheap.
Hawthorne Street.
-1 79 HAWTHORNE. NR. HARRISON-SUIT-
-1 ii able for man and wife; desirable and rea-
sonable: references.
Howard Street.
\TEATLY' FURNISHED SUNNY FRONT
"IN room; running watet; bath; rent $6. 1070
" Howard st. _- -.
1 1 Qs_ HOWARD, BET. SEVENTH AND
I. J o<^ Kighth— Nicely furnished front room,
with kitchen, reasonable.
tifst.ie street.
OZx f\B JESSIE-FLOOR OF 3 ROOMS, BATH;
UOU rent $12: furniture for sale. .
McAllister Street.
79_1 McALLISTKR-NKWLY FURNISHED I
.!_.'_•_ front rooms wiih housekeeping privileges.
-.01:: 1 Street;.
OQI MINNA, COR. RTH-SUITE FRONT
*-01 housekeeping, cheap; front double, stogie, j
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS — Continued.
Sl lsalon Street. ; \ 'y
Ono MISSION— 2 OR 3 NEATLY FURNISH-
-000 ed, complete for housekeeping.
-r MI6SION-2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
"J O furnished complete for housekeeping.
1 flt'O MISSION ST. — ELEGANT FRONT
lUOO suites; new: b ue-flame stovby. gas.
! line MISSION— FAMILY HOUSE;
; 1 100 furnished suites to rent for housekeeping.
i ' —
Niiioma Street.*
APL 'NATOMA — 3 SUNNY FURNISHED
U-JO rooms complete for housekeeping; low
rent.
IV.-.-T Street.
3 PEARL. COR, MAKKKT, OPP. OCTAVIA—
2 or 3 well furnished housekeeping rooms.
Polk Street.
1 f\ A9 POLK, COR. GEARY — A MODERN
I UU— apartment-house; 4 connecting rooms
and bath; nicely and completely furnished for
housekeeping; evtry convenience; first floor;
separate entrance; $30; references exchanged:
also 3 connecting rooms, complete for housekeep-
ing: $21 60.
second Street.
499 SECOND-SUNNY ROOMS FOR HOUSE-
—— keeping, water, bath; other rooms, $4 up.
beventh Street.
IAO SEVENTH (GIRARD)-SUITES AND
I "I- kitchens -.also single rcomstnewly renovated
Sixth Street.
■ OAA SIXTH - HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
_. _:_.' furnlsned complete; rents reasonable.
54'flA BIXTH-3 OR4 UNFURNISHED SUN-
_-0 ny rooms for housekeeping: rent $9. $10.
Taylor Street.
IOQ TAYLOR - FURNISHED ROOMS TO
J_._.rent for housekeeping; also other nice
sunny rcoms, cheap. .
Third Street.
1A O THIRD -SUNN V HOUSEKEEPING
I'iO rooms; complete: bath; gas; $2 50 a week.
QQI THIRD— UNFURNISHED Hi>C-iE-
00*± keeping rooms; water free; good accom-
modation; rent $6.
r i Q THIRD — FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
-010 ing rooms; range and running water.
__ .
Turk Street.
r9O TURK-2 OR 3 ROOMS COMPLETELY
o_-'0 furnished, housekeeping: bath, gas.
Twenty-fifth Street.
A*] r 9 TWENTY-FIFTH ST.. FEW DOORS
_iO_. east of Castro— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms
(private family), suitable for light housekeeping-,
bath and laundry; ladles only; rent $6 per month.
1 .... '*»•<.. IVf 11 lIH.
9Q9 VAN NESS (BELLE CHANG BD
_.«l_j hands)— .\p -vly furnished sunny suites, 2
or 3 rooms; -separate kitchens: gas ranges.
Miscellaneous.
C 97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
• '— 4 until 9:3> o'clock; branch offloe or Thb
c ali.: EUbscrlptions aDd want ads taken.
»——————— —-———. — — — — . — — _ ■ — — __!__ _______t
LOOMS TO LET.
Lush Stree..
OOA BUSH-NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
OO"! rooms; cieau; quiet; (0 to $8 month.
California Street.
1 090 CALIFORNIA — DOUBLE PARLOR.
1 OZ.IJ with dining-room and kitchen; gas and
bath; sunny yard.
Eddy Street.
110 EDDY — ELEGANT FRONT SUITE;
HO also other clean sunny rooms; So up; no
transient.
J9Q EDDY— 3 NICE SUNNY' ROOMS: PHY-
"__jO slcian: bath: private family : other rooms,
Eighth Street.
CHERMAN-- APARTMENT HOUSE, SR STH
0 sL. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Ql /A EIGHTH. NEAR FuLSOM-3 LARGE
OIU rooms: rent $10.
A-»jils Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— INCANDES-
cent lights: reading-room, smoking-room and
ladles' parlor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 60:
week. »2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
oflice floor: rooms with hot and cold water: b.itha
ROYAL EAGLE OPP. BALDWIN— NEWLY
furnished suites: single; elevator, beaters, etc.
CLIFFORD, 204 ELLIS, COR. MASON— FEW
desirable suuny rooms', prices reasonable.
SOX5 OX ELLIS-— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY'
000 rooms for housekeeping: bath.
-11th street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
50c, 75c and $1 per night: $2 to $5 per week.
I olsom Street.
onn FOL"OM — SINGLE AND DOUBLE
C_.U furnished rooms; $1 per week.
"I f\t)[\ EOLSOM — FRONT ROOM TO LET
IU_.U cheap; opposite park.
Fourteenth Street.
*! 9QB FOURTEENTH— 2 SUNNT UNFUR-
-I*. nisbed, bay-window, housekeeping [rooms.
Fulton Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY
furnished rms; single or en suite; $8 & : $15 up.
I -1 if\ FULTON ST. — BEAUTIFUL LARGE
1 l_tU sunny furnls.ied room, for two.
Geary Street.
! Q9*; GEARY'— LARGK ALCOVE SUNNY
OAO rooms nicely lurnished: well carel lor;
! quiet; convenient; worth seeing; reasonable.
THE martinet, 1101 GEARY, SW. cor.
Van Ness— Handsome suites, newly furnished.
] _ — __ —
Golden Gate Avenue.
Q*l Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.-SUNNY BAY-
i _.10 window room: alsosingle: reasonable.
c/iQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE FUR-
OUO nfshed bay-window for one or two: run-
ning water: home com for $12 a month; also
I cheaper rooms; private family.
Grove Street.
! -J (\r GROVE, NEAR POLK— NICELY FUR-
| 1 UO nlshea large sunny room ; rent 18.
Harrison Street.
1 9-R-91 HARRI* ON— 4 NICE ROOMS; BENT.
I _'»_.! $9; water and ashes free. .
Jonea Street.
I I*|--i JONES- LOWER FLOOR, 8 BOOMS,
I 11 U bath, yard and laundry.
1 907 JONES (-THE VAN WINKLE")-HAND.
j _-U I somely furnished rooms, suites or single.
Kearny Streot,
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
Pleasant sunny rooms, co suiteand single; first
] class In every respect: terms reasonable.
Leavenworth Street.
IAI Q LAGUNA - LARGE SUNNY UN-
TU I.J furnished room, carpeted; gas in-
cluded; rent $8.
1 090 LEAVENWORTH— I OR 2 GENTLK-
I "*-0 men; rooms, private family; newly fur-
nished; home comforts.
-'*.. knf street,
1 fl^ MARKET "FURNISHED HOUSE-
| ___»**_» keeping rooms; front suite for Office.
V OSKMITK HOUSE. 1045 MARKET-PER
n'ght. 35c to $1 : week. $1 50 10 $5: families.
3i later btreet.
99/-J1 McA LLIBTER-NICELY' FURNISHED
•fcj— "2 double and single: also bay-wlnaow
suite, suitable for physician: excellent "location;
opp. CT.V Hall; $6 ptt month, up.
OOn I MCALLISTER— LARGE SUNNY' FUR-
! UO I 3 nished room: hot and ..old water; bath;**).
Mason titXeet.y-'JJyJ
1 -fIR MASON— SUITES; NEWLY FURNISH-
IUOed: single and double rooms: cheap.
JlO MASON, OPP. NATIVE SUNK' BUILD-
J1 «> ing— Handsome y furnish. d sunny parlors;
very reasonable.
J.tUir-. - • -,o .
OOn MINNA. COR. EH'HTH-NEWLY FUR- i
OU I nished bay-window room: $1 per v. eek.
1 IY-Jl MINNA — FRONT ALCOVE ROOM;
IUO I bath and gas; rent, $5. A-li ■:'-■■■
A.lkSloi .-tri"e*..
f»Q9 MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
! DO— ny front rooms: cheap; quiet place.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 . MISSION*. (■'ELECT
-lamilv roomlng-hi'use: $1 50 10 $3 per week.
I -I i Jt't-c MISSION, NEAR SEVENTH— COM-
11 1 _:U fortable room, -8 And $- a month.
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1897.
BOOMS TO LET— Continued.
:'. -;>? -Natoma Street.
"THI NATOMA, COR. EIGH.TH-3 UNFUR-
I UJ. nished housekeeping rooms. $8; also fur-
nished.
Fine Street.
/•'-I-I PINE-SUNNY ROOMS FOR GENTS;
Oil $5: board If requited; -references; private.
i owe 1 sireet.
THE WILLISFORD. 212-214 POWELL— NEW-
Iy furnished sunny rooms; telephone.- . 
Second Street. .
-I ir SECOND - CLEAN SUNNY FUR-
-1 J O nisbed rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
. tlilli *■ rev. '■'*■*'■ "
THE PIEDMONT, 119 a BJXTH— NICE SUN-
ny rooms: modern conveniences.
Stevenson Street. .*-..-.*,. 2 ;.'<r|i
A 9 7 STEVENSON, BET. FIFTH AND
_:_. I Bixth— sB: 4 rooms, rear. - •.;;
Stockton Place.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON — FUR-
nisbed rooms $1 50 to $2 50 per week: suites
$3 50 to as per week: by nlghl, 50c to $1 50; hot
and cold water: elevator: transient.
. Taylor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR— LARGK ROOMS; $1 75 AND
lUt/ $2; sunny single, $1 25 and $1 50 week.
'1 in it Street.
nn TU RK — L AR~G~E SUNNY SUITES,
xl.yJ handsomely furnished: single.
— — «— — — »m— __*______*____l__*____________________m
BOARDING AND KOOMS.
A-I 9 EDDY'— 2 SUNNY PARLORS FOR 2,
-1- with board, $20 each; back parlor ior 2.
$18 each. : - *.-*-
FEW' SUMMER BOARD. WANTED AT
X 254 East Sixteenth st., East Oakland.
ROOM FoR 2 GENTLEMEN WI 1 BOARD;
1 German home cooking; $5 a week. 625 Valen-
cia st.
*7 "I 9 POST— LARGE SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
I !._ board, for 2: $18ea. up; use parlor and piano
C[)Q VAN NESS AYE NEWLY FUR-
OyJO nished innny rooms or suite, with board.
HOTEL BKRTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel; refer nces; all modern conveniences;
Ralston tah:e«. if desired: new management.
CHILDREN P.OABDED.
PLEASANT HOME FOR CHILD AT 1727 Mo-
Allister St.: fine care: terms re <sonable.
GERMAN LADY WISH BABY TO BOARD;
good home. 435i.fc Hayes st.
TV ICE HOME FOR 2 CHILDREN: MUSIC.
-Ll and close to good school; $10 per month. Ad-
dress MRS. E. L. BILLI-, Golden Gate, Alameda
County, Cal.
STOKES TO LET.
TO LET-CIGAR STORE, WITH FIXTURES;
rent (.heap. 1739 Mission, near Fouiteenth.
BASEMENT; PLUMBER OR PAINTER 6CO
Kearny st., cor. Sacramento.
NE OF THE BEST FRUITSTORES IN THE
ONE OF THE BEST FRUITSTORES IN THE
Mission. Apply UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st.
BUTCHER-sHOP, FIXTURES: $10 MONTH.
JNO. T. GRAHAM, cor. Twenty-seventh and
Alabama sts.
STORE AND 3 LIVING-ROOMS. SE. COR.
Page and Lyon s s. ; rent cheap.
LARGE STORE, a SHOW WINDOWS AND
4 large rooms; rent only $22 50. 422 Sixth. '
CTHIRD-2 ROOMS AND BASEMENT;
_"1 I' also flat. Apply 41 TVi Third st.
*■»» — ■ — — ■ — — —-———_—-—»——— ■
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
We sell them for $3, $4, $5, $3, $7, $8, $9, $10
permonih; alsoforcash; the best makersof every
grade; don't pay rent when the same monthly
paym- nts will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sis., Stela-
way dealers.
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago is KOHLER <_
CHASE'S 26, 28 and 30 u'Farrell St.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, ot all
grades and prices; terms easy, prices lowest:
I everything possible done to pieaib and satisfy iha
customer.
A CTU.VLLY THE BEST BARGAIN'S IN Pl-
anos; -monthly payments from *i 5 up; deliv-
ered free with stool and cover; correspondencs
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market ■>:., epp. Masou: mao
1 llshed over 20 years. :.:. ..-,->. v .. •*■'•. ; .'•'. -v. y ■ f -. .-..,*■'
ERY FINE WEBER, $260; STEINWAY,
V $175; :an elegant Hard man, slightly used.
$410; several fine organs and a symphony at half
price; to close them out quickly: all of them
snaps. THE J. DEWING CO., 2d floor Flood
bidg., Fourth and Market sts.
BONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines, Knabe, Bush <_ Gerts and others; sec-
! ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft A Co., K24 i-'ost.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL;
pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
Installments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market si.
EAUTIFUL $500 WALNUT DECKER _
Son npritht, good as new, for $290 cash.
MAC VAIs. 769 Market St. .1 .: .
HAW, STEINWAY, $250; CHICKERING.
$185; bargains, $4 a month; a nice small up-
right, $95; rent $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis at.
WILL SELL AT A SACRIFICE AN UPRIGHT
piano of good make. Call at once at 658 Mis-
sion st. ■ ;:«*•
KNABE PIANOS: NEW. SCALE; NEW
styles. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 o'Farrell st.
*m-| 9- RODGERS' CABINET GRAND
A -JO.Kranneii: bargains HORN UNO. 216 Post
ABRUENN PIANO; WILL CHARM YOU;
see It before you buy. 228 Post st.
*\J*EAHLY NEW BABY GRAND STEINWAY;
J-i great bargain. 1021 Van Nessave.
RARE CHANCE; GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank
AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'s ONLY \v ILL
yon find a stock of new steinway pianos
WG. BADGER. SO_E A»ENT FORHALLET
.A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacto.
BYRON MALZY, ids p-jsf -i! '-MJliMi.it,
JJ Newb*/ & Evans. Bri**:g.s anT other pianos,
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD* NEW
H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
— I— — —^ SSSSSSSSBSS " *— &££_ __^
HORSES.
ir>Oß SALE— A BAY M AP^T^^E^bTo^LD;
sound; In good condition; Al roadster; single 1
or double. Olympic Stables, 503 Sutter st.
SHETLAND AND SADDLE PONIES,. BUSl-
ness and roadborse. 605 Golden Gate aye. ; %
Cii HORSES FOR SALE: WAGONS AND
O'l harness, atcar stables, 721 Howard st. : auc-
tion every Tuesday.
AUCTION SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. Emporium' sates yards, 220 Valencia st., S.
WAT KINS, auctioneer. _ . .
A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
_lU buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arrade Hors<*
Market, 327 Sixth sL: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
L ETBOLD HARNESS COMPANY'; 500 SETS
- of quod harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash: send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st., S. F.
C A HEAD OF HORSES SUIT _ FOR ANY
OUbusiness 900 to 1500 pounds. Oil Turk-st. cat
stables. 1301 'Fork: team of lame younu mules.
11 ', '
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. /..i J
2 BUSINESS BUGGIES FOR SALE: 1 NEW
and 1 second-band. -1 .02 Webster st. »-
Ni W AND -KCOKt-HAND BAKER, LA UN-
dry and milk wagon; also, fine lop buggy and
rockaway. , 828 Harrison si. •J.yy. yjy-_ .
9-. in MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_.O_LU waat ads taken lor 'lut Call. . ; .-.
SEWING MACHINES.
NEW DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE;
_\ cheap. 301 Fourth st., upstairs.
"YEW $65 SINGER'S FAMILY SEWING-
Ii machine for sale $25. 3372 Twenty Id.
————■■—■—■—_—_———— _—.■———_—— ssSssssis
: LEGAL NOTICES.
CITY AND COUNTY TREASURY, SAN
Francisco, April 15 1697.— compliance
with the provision*- of sec. 5 of order 1598 of
the Boar. 1 of Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880, there will be sold at public auction by K. s.
Spear & CO., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 suiter
street, on :•-■-••■•* ■
MONDAY, MAY 17, S*- -.. r.y J : A i
At 10 o'clock a. m. sundry articles of stolen, lost
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
force of San Francisco, < a detailed in an inventory
thereof on file In the office of the 1 lerk of the
Boura of Supervisors, and consisting oi Jewe.ry,-
wearing apparel, plitol-i, knives, etc.: alsoalotof *
trunas. valises, clothing, etc.. property of deceased
persons received from the < orotierof this City and
Counly. Open for inspection on morning of sale,
_fHB2__H%! *" V "X A. C. UTUHKit,
[ City and County Treasurer.
EDUCATIONAL
ANDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OE
Mathematics: pupils prepared in day -and
evening classe* and by private lessons for Calior* |
nia and Stanford universities; teachers.' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes; mathematics, mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. It., 402 Parrot: bidg.
A SCHOOL OF TH YSICAL CULTURE AND
_\ Elocution. 1215 Octavla st., .-an Francisco.
MI ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Fa.,
teacher. Ortice days. Friday p. it," Saturday a. m.
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST-.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages. English branches,
electrical engineering: 20 teachers: 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue,
A YRES" BUSINESS COLLEGE, 325 MONT-
-A. gomery 5..: individual instruction In short-
hand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; Hie
scholarship $50; iow rates per week and month.
Telephone black 2795.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING-
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt
ENOINKERING SCHOOL; MKCH.. ELEC
civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt.. X ray
taught; e5.1864. A. VAN DEB NAILLEN ,933 Mkt
SINGING, VOICE CULTURE, PARIS GRAB-
uate; French. Ger. lan*,'.; $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
BOOKKPNO. WRITNG. AKITHMTC. GRAMR.
day -knight; noclaises; $5 month. 845 Mission.
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, PiAN> AND Vo*___
T lessons. *■' mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
ujbscrYptions AND WANT ads FORTHE
Call taken at branch office, isa Hayea bl;
open until 9 :30 o'clock. ' • '
MEDICAL.
ALL CASKS OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) restored in a few
hours; safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; homo In confinement; best care and
privacy; regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice; my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: every case guaran teed icon- j
suitation free, confiden lat; hours 10 to 5; pills *?L :
MRS DR. WYKTH. 916 Post st. near Larkin.
B. J.H. JO.-i&ELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
-Ist, still offers his valuable services to the un-
fortunate. With a mlud ma ured and enriched by
j studies ot an advanced order, there is hardly a
j disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
j treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he ls always ready
I to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
I ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to yourdelicate organism ls beyond his sure con-
I trot. His female monthly remedies are sure and
cafe In their eff-cti. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in their
action, and are warrauted for both young and old.
He excels all others in the cureof private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure iv all cases. Consultation parlors, 90*1
Market st Call or w rite airect to 006 Market st„
rooms 11 and 12.
PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less; never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no electricity bunt-
bug or other dangerous methods: money lv every
, case refunded if a cure Is not effected; travelers
j helped immediately; years' experience; home th
I confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con*
| suit free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
I MRS DAVIES, 14 McAllister st, next Hibernta
I Bank * hours, 9a.m. to 6 and 7 to B p. it
| ALL LADIFS USE
RENARD REGULATING WAFERS.
An infallible cure. For further particulars call
or send .2c stamp to Pacific Coast Agency.
RE .\ARD MEDICAL CO.. 323* Spreckels budd-
ing, 927 MarKet st, S. F., Cal. -..:*/.
PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
stora every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement MRa DR DALEY, il.d
Market st, over the Owl Drugstore.
* NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
._-, strumeut u*ed; every woman her own physi-
i cian for all female troubles, no matter from what
cause: resides always in one day; tan be bent
and used at home; positive cure; genuine new
process can only be had at my odice: any other Is
imitation, worthless- DR. POPPER, 818 Kearny.
R. FOULKT'S FRENCH CAP-ULE9 -A
guaranteed absolute cure for all fema'e dis-
eases (no matter what cause); positively safe and
j sure; no danger or after effects; taken in time It
! alsoacsas a preventive; price $1 50 per box:
| sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant ava •-;. -.n
DX. AND MRS. WEGENER. 626 EDDY ST.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and nurinf; confinement: female comnlalnts
Skillfully treated; regular physician-, quick reilef
for tiaveiers; Lest care; terms moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills $11.
DRS. GOODWIN SPECIALISTS, LADIES
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease cr complaint: home for patients: best skill.
free diagnosis: low fees; self-cure. 401 Van Ness
LADIES, CHICHESTER'S ENGLISHPENNY- !
royal I'liis (Diamond Brand) are best; sate, re-
liable; take no other. Sen d 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladles," in letter by return mail:
at druggist's. Chichester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia
LPEAU FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
dies with female troubles; nodanger; safe and
sure; $2 60 ex press C. O. D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS. Coast Agents. Oakland-.Cal.
4 SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS-
--.x. eases from whatever cause; a home la con-
finement with every comfort; Satlsfactlou guar-
anteed by MRS. OWYER, 226 Tur_ St.
» LL FEMALE. COMPLAINTS AND Dis-
JrV eases of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT 's, 410 Geary st : consultation free. I
DU PRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenagogue;. $1 per box.
RICHARDS ft CO., druggists. 406 Clay st.,soleagt&
NsURPAt-SED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
/ troubles, diseases. MRS.DR. PUETZ, 254 Vs 4th.
I^R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET. N___,
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS TH»
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
mm sSfeS J_SS£SSS_ MM ****" "^ BBSSJ! — 3
- DENTISTS.
"l/~AN VBOOM <St CO.'S ELECTRO- DENTaL
V Parlors, 997 Market st : lady attendant; no gas
or oiher dangerous anaesthetics given; electric.ty
the great agent used to relieve patui teeth filled
, ana extracted painlessly by our new electrical
process: a written guarantee given with all work
done; lowest prices, best work; all surgical work
attended by O. W. Williams. in, M.D., p.iysiclan
and surgeon: examination free by the use of our
new electrical appliances: porcelain and gold
crowns; bridge-work and teeth without plates a
specialty. . Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Marketst.
A FULL SET OF TEETH. $5; PAINLESS
-T_ extraction: see our new combination plate;
thinnest, lightest, coolest plate mads; warranted
10 years: fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50: lady assist-
ant. CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
ket, bet 3d and 4th; gais specialists: painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates, $7 up: fill, $1 up.
-*_■-: FULL SET TEETH: BEsT MAKE;
tJP«.). kept In repair; extractiag free; iiil I ngs, 503;
crowns, $3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, IS Third.
OET OF TEETH' WITHOUT A PLATE. "OR
.►_ H. C. Young, 1841 Polk st.
I>OSITIVKLY PAIN LESs extraction, DR
. HARDING, 600Sutter cor. Powell. te1.ma1u5375
DX. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon; dentistry taught
/** OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80tt-tA_T
VJ ket st DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
o_n A set for teeth— WARRANTED as
*£) I' good as can be made; filllug -$1. DR SIMM*-*,
i.i •-.-. 930 Market st. next Baldwin Theater.
~\\R. LUDLUM HILL 1443 MARKET ST, NR
xj Eleventh; no charge lor extracting whea
(fates are made: old plates made over Uke new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
I,R GEORGE LEEK. THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist discoverer of painless extraction
•nd patentee of improved bridge work or teeta
Without any plat***, moved from to 20 a Farreilst.
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WA*
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1820 Maritet
«-»a»«M»M^*»«»*«»^*»«IM«*^_M_«l
Vv'.^ f ; .: PHYSICIANS. . .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET; RES
2864 25th St.; diseases of women a specialty
.__. — __— » mm— *** — "— » Omi
'PROPOSALS. ,
SAN FRANCISCO. APRIL 5, 1897.-SEALED
proposals, In triplicate, will be received here
untl 12 o'c ock m. May 5, 1897, and then opened,
for the construction or a forage storehouse at Pre*
sidl •of San Francisco, Cal. Government reserves
right to reject or accept any or all bids in wno c or
In part. Preierence given to articles of domestic
production, conditions of price ana quality (in-
cluding, ln the price of foreign productions the
duty tuereon) being equ ah I such preference
given to articles of American production produced
on the Pacific Coast to the extent of consumption
required i.y the public service there. Information
furni-ihed n app ication to the undersigned. En-
velope* contaiulnz proposals should be indorsed
"Proposals for forage storehouse a*. Presidio of San
Francisco,' al ." and addressed to J * S. M. MOORE,
Assi-stant Quarte master-General, Chief Q. M.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE .DIVOBCE LAW» A SPEO-
laity; private; no fee without success: probata,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE. 860 -Market st. corner Stockton st
W. KING, ■ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON
. icle building;, advice free: lowfe-s: all cases
—___— *— gg_g_SSSS£Ssss_SS_S_Sß^^ mm
It t TPJBWBITIiRS. ' ' :
\"*T ANTED— SMITH PRr.MIER IN EX-
! IT change for lady's Solid-gOia watch. "A. W.,
box 98, this office. ....
"*:■.■.;.■*■ "■" -■---.•••■■■ .: ■■"■■'.■'.■-.'-
CITY REAL ESTATE.
U V A HOME i IN "THE MIVsION. '
--•:■■. .--v NEW AND MODERN.
ONLY fSCO CASH REQUIRKD.
-moc/^/v 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW hous;-:
<[j)_ o\f\J. of 7 rooms, bath and basemert; ev-
ery convenience; choice location: lot 25x114 ft.,
or on a joining lots we will build aco tage, house
Or flats f.r from $2000 to 93000: small cash pay.
ment; balance monthly, same as rent.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ft CO..
v. 638 Market st
URE SPEC. *
SURE SPEC.
RICHMOND LOTS.
MUST SELL TO CLOSE A N ESTATE.
■ffiQnn 25TH AYE.. NR. POINT LOROS;
•JJpiTUu. size 75x120; can subdivide and resell
at a profit
$1600— 28 th aye.. nr. Point Lobos: size 140x120;
ost twice this amount; sure to advance iv value.
c EASTON, ELDRIDiIE ft CO.,
638 Mark, t i- 1. .
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
MUST SELL.
*j*>-| 'I AAil REARY ST., NEAR OCTAVIA;
tJrJL '.yJyjyJ. 4 fine flats of 7 rooms and bath
each: in good condition; always r nted cement
sidewalk; street accepted; lot 45x120; mortgage
of $14,600 can remain If de ired.
- ■ASTON, ELDRIDOE ft CO.,
£•*••*" y'J-'JJjy 638 Market st.
HEAP LOT. ~~~
MUST BELL.
REDUCED FROM S2BOO.
fflJOOjrn 24THST., NEAR FOLSOM: 37:6* c
i£)4jZ.O yr . 100: level and ready for builaing;
street accepted.
EASTON, ELDRID :E & CO.,
ZjJyjyyy 638 Market st.
MISSION FLATB.
NEAR VALENCIA AND 14TB STS.
"3£ A llfill 2 GOOD flats OF 4 AND 5
<Jp"iVi'V/. rooms and bath: always rented;
pays $420 per annum; lot 27:6x70.
KASiON, ELDRIDGE ft CO.,
:•"'-' 638 Market st
(lOOD INVESTMENT.
X PAYS OVER 10 PER cent.
Q. ftp-, FELL ST., NB LAGUN A— FLATS
■iJpUUvIV/. substantially built; always rented;
pays $720 a year; lot 1 7 120, to re. r street.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
6.-18 Market st.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER. ~~~
. M 'DERN IMPROVEMENTS.
due AAA FINE COKNER UN HANCHEZST.
tlfUl'UU. Store and 4 rooms and flat 5 rooms
and bath: only six months old; modern in every
detail; large mortgage can remain
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ft CO.,
638 Market st.
MISSION COTTAO *.
.-..• '"-. 'EASY TERMS.
$200.CASH-flB PER MONTH.
£ i Of\(\ COTTAGE 4 ROOMS and bath,
tjp I -UU. in Fa rmoutit Trac; well built; only
one block from electric cars. -"
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ft CO.,
638 Market st.
SEE OUR AD. OF AUCTION SALE TO BE
held next Monday, May 10, 1897, in another
column. G. H. I MBSEN ft CO., 14 Montgomery.
\\TIIjL build COTTAGES, HOUSES AND
Ti flats at lowest price--, for cash or installments,
on yourown lot. Or will lurnish lot: call --nd exam-
ine pans. DAN EINSTEIN, builder, 630 Marke .
L-'LAT FOR SA i.E— MODERN FLAT, NT-
j A cd: 3 years old: has been but 1 month vacant
since built; owner about to leave city: small pay-
men down: is -now an 8 percent Investment oh
$7000 and is rapidly improving In value. Address
C. N., box 139. CalL
MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE; OWNER GOING
East; no offer refused; prominent busi iess
corner on 20ih si.; lot 25x104; store and rooms;
I flat above; all in good condition: Cost $4700 only
4 months ago: this will be a bargain for some one;
don't delay. Address at once K. M., box 89, Call.
LEGANT COTTAGE OF 6 BOOMS, BATH,
with attic, for sale on 25: li st, bet Sanchez and
Noe. a. PKTRY, builder and owner; residence
; 1021 Sanchez st.
ffii;7**A' RENTS $81 PEK MO, OR 13 PER
«JO ( O\J. cent net; ,ot 40x75; 6 flats: N. side
Sliver st., hr. 3d; must be sold immediately.
SOQAA RENTS $42; 4 FLATS ON CLARA
-OUU. Bt, nr. 4 th: street done: this is the
best little investment south of Market
fl""** ""y 7 P*A 2 ELABORATE FLATS JUST
•jj) I lOU. completed and . rented for $70 per
month: choice location in Western Addition; this
is a bargain.
C. P. TROY JR. ft CO.. 630 Market st.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS NEW HOUSE-2420
Gough st, near Broadway; contains 8 rooms
and bath; all the latest improvements; pries
»7 000 ; on easy terms.
CI9Q fin CITY BUSINESS PROPERTY;
■iO.yUU. income $1800 a year, for sale; no
j agents. E. D., box 104, call office.
i Ht^flfiO EASTLAKE COTTAGE, 330 HILL
•tJiOUUU. St., nr. Castro: 5 large rooms, bath
; and basement; lot 25x114; partly mortgaged;
| mortgage can remain If desired; good neighbor-
: hood; place not large enough for present owner.
i App BKIGDEN & TURNEY, cor. Kearny and
j Commercial: make offer.
T— — — — «— — — i — i mtmrnmr »— i— *»—
!
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE. '- ,
HOMESTEAI) 'LOCATION: ALFALFA
land; underwater ditch; within few miles of
railioad station: $175. Par. lculars 632 Market
! St., room 5, San Francisco.
GREAT BARGAIN--83 ACHES; $35 ACRE;
can be divide.!; deep, rich soil; 4 flowing
Springs; several small improved places cheap:
, Alameda Co. H. J. DIG G*.. 69 Columbian bidg.
i SURURBAN HOME IN A BEAUTIFUL VAL
' k_ ley of Marin County: located 1 . block from
railroad s ation and 2y*» miles from san Rafael:
] very modern house of 12 rooms, with porches on
j three aides; large grounds, comprising 8 acres. '
I ffIJjAA EACH FOR THOSE LOVELY SUE-
- i \J\J divisions of 10 acres in Alameda County;
land of ihe best being of a deep loam soil, very
suitable for general home farms; neara goodlown
and only 30 miles from Oakland; one-third cash,
balance on time. ■
LOVELY PIECE OF LAND FOR A SUMMER
borne; between 4 and 5 acres: located on
Zayante creek: fronting on main county road to
santa Cruz; about IVi miles from Felton: portion
heavily timbered it-ith love y pines, live oaks and
madroie: smail house of 4 rooms: price only $800.
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO., room 29, second floor,
"Mill-* build. iii.
cA A ACRES OF THE BrBNAL estate!
*c)UU being a portion of lhe Rancho del Valle de
sail Jose, Situated 2 miles from SUnOi, in Alameda
County; this property has been subdivided In
small tracts ranging from "' _ tv 16 acres; only
ILJs hours by rail from San Francisco. ■
This land is well adapted to fruli-ratsing. garden-
ing, poultry, etc.; location and climate desirable
and healthful.
i his prop rty has never been put on tile market
before aid the prices are away below any such
lands offered for sale in the vicinity of Sao Fran.
Cisco; now is your opportu ity to get 10 acres o
choice land for $500. Tor full piricul rs address
GRIFFITH, CLARKE ft CO., 19 Montgomery St.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
pmveJ: eas/ terms; also 4 to 12-acre pieces
I on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWI So-
j noma City; every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F
SONOMA COUNTY: LITTLK ROMitSASPE-
O cialty. A. H. CHESSMORE, real estate agent,
Sonoma, CaL ¥iAJ~JJ.i * •
■jjj Al\ to $80; MARIN, CO. IMPROVED and
•J) _U unimproved land: terms to suit: fruit, grain,
vegetables: rail and water. R. 65, Chronicle bidg.
ORCHEAPLANDAND SMALL"IMPROVED
ranches, near town, write to W. L, FOSTER,
Kelseyville, Lake County, Ca'.
Qr t AN ACRE; 1280 ACRES TIMBER: GOOD
»P«J for stock or fruit: plenty water. R. box 40.
MONEY TO LOAN. .•
ORROW MONEY 6n YOUB^W ATCHES,
diamonds and jewelry at half the Interest you
pay e.sewhere. COT RATE LOAN OFFICE,
room 7, Flood building, entrance SOW Market st.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
i In S. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
witbout removal: no commissions: no delays,
3. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission at, above Bixtu.
telephone Jessie 41. I*
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and jewelry of the lowest rates. i Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Murket eL: telephone Green 204.
-JOill* ill ><> AT 6"^ PER CENT ON CITY
■yP .\J\Jyf real estate; also Oakland: estate-,
life Insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT; IST. £D*OR 3D MORTG AGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate lv pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without * removal.
MCCOLGAN. 24 -Montgomery St.. room 3.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS.'
We loan at 65c Interest per mo. on each flO'J
on 2d mortgage-, any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
fljOOK' linn AT BANK RATES: IST AND
(Jii-O.l'vW 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc:
lend as iow as $50. H. MURPHy, 6*2* l Market st
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST:
no commission. . SCRIBNEK, 1 City Hall aye.
IT CANS 'ON RKAL ESTATE, BONDS. ETC.;
AJ lowest rates, by Mca FEE BROS., 108 Montgy.
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY HEAL ESTATE:
any amount WILLIAMS, 214 Pile st, r. 3.
-3.-1 fU-.000 ON LIFE INSURANCE POLICIFS
•ls_U low Interest. JOS. B. TOPLITZ, 33J Piue.
-_' C TO $50,000; LOWEST RATE; IST „2D
JjOU mortg.-. any proposition. Dryden, 413 M00t
ANY SUM, IST OR 2ND MORTGAGES. Es-
tates ln probate, etc. Km. 7, 508 California, st
OS- PIANOS AND FURNITCKE. WITHOUT
removal very low interest. ■ 1 ill McAllliter st.
i ..NAACIAL. ';''.'.' '■'■".
WANTED— EUROPEAN PREMIUM BONDS,
list d or unlisted stocks, - gold, silver ana
quartz bought and assayed. - F. EPHRAIM CO.,
MiS Market St., opp. Palace HOtel, S. F.
* ,
LOST. ■ ■ Wjm?Jp£j
LOST- A PA BOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
savings a d Loan -society of san Francisco, In
the nam- of W. LLI AM F. I'iYL >R;|"**To. 18J.965
The tinder will pleaso return to bank.
I O-T-PEARL BROOCH, WITH DIAMOND
J J setting, liberal reward. Returu to Mrs. 8,,
Oriel HOt-el, 161 1> MarKet St. ,
LOST— A POLLTAX RECKIPT-BOOK. CON-
lain ng a number of blank nontax receipts.
A liberal reward On Return to Assessor's office,
City Hall.
1 APRIL 28, AN ANGORA DOG: LONG
'xj white nair, brown ears and two brown spots
on bank; answers to Pet- Ret ru to X H. AR-
NOLD'S milk ranch, Silver aye.; 15 r ward.
BAY MARE, ON HAN LF.ANDRO ROAD;
.-hort mane and taiL MR. JOHNSON, Marlon
aye., off -an Leaudro road; rewarJ.
BROWN SETTKR; PART ST. BERNARD;
.ice se No. 167 U. 1532 Folsorn st: reward.
1 SATURDAY, TWO BUNCHES OF
xj keys: return to this offle; 1 beral reward.
LOST--WHITE -SPITZ PUP, ABOUT 7
XJ months old: answers to the name of Baby Re-
turn to C. SANDER, cor. fifteenth st. and Po-
trero aye : receive rewarJ.
LOST-A PASSHi OK WIIH THE HIBERNIA
Savings ard Loan Society of san Francisco,
in the name cf HUGH DON'oIIOE, No. 148,678.
Th» fi ..er w 11 please return in bank.
OAKLAND ADVEfiIISfiMENIS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
MUST SELL-LOT NEAR LAKE
Merritt; good location; *f9OO. Particulars
032 Market St, room 6.
HOME TO RENT; COMPLETELY FUR-
nlShed: 3 Or six months; 9 rooms and bath:
wiihin 5 minntei' i\al« of station: lot 100 x 100.
Address E. G. J., 518 William si., Oakland.
O-STOI.Y KO\DH)USE IN GOOD CONDl-
ai. tlon, with several rooms, bedroom, barro m,
large dining-room, nicely furnished: nlca garden,
summer-houses; aOod loc 'don for hotel or sum-
mer resort Apply Call Office.
$ * CASH, *f-6 MONTHLY-LOTS $75 AND
0 upward; out of 33-acre Allendale Tract, East
Oakland but 72 lots unsold; will tuilJ you 3. 4
and 6 room cotta c (modern) from 9300 to 900,
Includln ■ lot: payment as rent; Bite, climate and
soil superb: 3 eiectric roads and fine school near:
conveyance tree. 459 >inth st, bet. Broadway
and Washington, Oakland. H. Z. JONEs, Owner.
fl l\(\ EACH. 4 LOTS MALROSE STATION
1 \J\J Tract; streetcars and local trains; only
down and $1 a week, H. B. PINNEY, 902
Bioadwav, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOME SITE
while prices are low; lots 8100 to $150 at \
Fitchburg, beyond Frultvae; the best property (
for . Investment now offered; local trains and'
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 49 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of damp
belt: soil excellent for gardening: very best water
facilities; good school; terms to suit. Before buy.
Ing ln this locality see the owner of this property,
C. M. hUNKLE. 915 Va Washington at., upstairs,
room 28, Oakland. Ca!.
• OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
TO RENT; FURN'ISHKD COTTAGE 5
■tlpa-i-J. rooms and bath: lot 75x200: iruit and
flowers: near eiectr. c-cars. etc. 1321 Twenty-
sixth aye., Fruitvaie. Last Oakland.
*— — w>— — is^wa^— _m
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE OF 12
rooms on heights adjoining Oakland: 10 min-
utes walk from broad and narrow guage depots:
46 minutes to San Francisco; rent tor 3. 6 or 12
month****. HERON _ HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND FUKNISHED BOOMS.
"I SUNNY RO MS; GALINDO HOTEL,
J Oakland: board optional. Sth St.. off Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERTMIENfS
ALA*WttT>\ REAL r**TAT«I.
-JJiOorvi) NEW COTTAGE, 4 ROOMS AND
tip — — l'l'. bath: near station; easy terms.
\l)C.i}_ Pl n NEW COTTAGE, 6 BOOMS AND
V s •*£•- UUi bath; $150 cash. $30 monthly.
K3 l (111 COLONIAL COTTAGE. 1 STORY
"JD'TI "v, and aha near Bay-street station;
terms reasonable. :',;•.
■5c- fi(\fl BEAUTIFUL COLONIAL COT-
«JT" *Jl'U. tage of 7 rooms: corner lot, s'JxlOO;
your terms are ours.
-n-Cflflll A SNAP; HOUPE OF 14 ROOMS:
i&OXJVJ' . i ar? , lot) 100x150: easy terms.
MARCUSE _ KEMMEL. Bay-street station,
(broad gauge), Alameda. 628 MarKet st, San
J r.mciito. Open Sundays au i holidays.
(B» t)(\(\fl COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND
•tP^.V/'l/l/. bath: large Hot; choice neighbor-
hood; 1 block from station; $100 cash and r.o
per month. JOSEPH A LEONARD CO., 1364
Parks:.. lameda. \ ,-i>; '*,-; '.-■•:
i " '" ■ " ""
FBOPEBTY TO EXCHANGE.
TIT ANTED— TO BUY, A HOUSE: BKST OF
™ location: bet. Eddy and Bosh sts; about
$600: Bor 9 rooms- J., box 48, Call Office.
XCHANGE FOR CITY, O.i KLAN D OR ALA-
meda; will pay equal difference I 480 acres: San
Luis < 'blspo County: ail can be cultivated; 250
acre* level; price $37 0.
■ I UM— — ■ *-■! m l* i i fc— — «*■*■*»__■_—_»
berkeley BEAL estate.
ACRIFICE^MODERN 7-ROOM COTTAGE';
1 block of ASnby station; only 8T60I". M. L.
WURTS, opp. Dwlght-way stati v, Berkeley.
Additional Classified Advertise*
ments on Page 11.
MARRIAGE LICENSE*.
Tbe following marriage licenses haTe been
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
Samuel IT. Burils and Annie Lawrence, 30—20.
W. a. M. Koch and Elisabeth Kenney. 55—4-1.
C. H. 8 Oubri ige and Marie Rutherford, 20— 24 '
Charles L. Smith and Frances Deuiscn. 25—17.
- Jon i E. Rackiund and Mamie Blnndeli,2s— l9.
Rottane Mull and Ada A. Jlorse. 38— 28.
Dkiil"! I. DICK and May Con noil . 82-22. '"-Jj'
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— mmi
[Blrtb, marriage and death notices sent br mail
will not te Inserted. They must be handel In at
either of tha publication -tltices ani be indorse!
with the name and residences of perjom authonidi
to have the same publishaJ. |
. BORN. \JSJfJii ■ .
ARCHIBALD— In this city, April 24. 1897, to the
wife of William P. Archibald, a sou.
BOLDT— in this city. May 2, 1897, to the wife of
Henry W. Boldt, a daughter.
MEYER— In this city. May 2, 1897, to the Wife Of
Mark Meyer, a daughter.
PIPEK-Iu rhl-i city. April 29, 1897, to the wife
of Harry Piper, a son. >;fi -.<<*;•: v
— — — — — — — — — _»— — _ ■ ■*— — j
MAitttlKO,
ARGENTI-ROTTANZI-In this City, April 27.
: 1897, at St Mary's dit he Iral, by the Rev. Father
Mulligan. J. J. B Argenti and Adele A. Rottanzi.
BACOt-MARKS-In Plattsbur*. N. V., Decem-
ber 22, IK iB, Henry D. Bacon of Alameda, Cal.,
" and Mabel Moris of Philadelphia, Pa. .
BLUM— FIF.GOS-In this cltr. May 2. 1897. by
tbe Rev. S. Goldstein, Max Blum aod Esther
lieso3. both of san Francisco.
'BBs DLEY- ASHMOBE— In this city, May 3.
1897, by the Rev. Dr. E. B. Dll.e. Clinton F.
Bradley and Sophie E. A shnJore, both of Oak-
land, CaT
GOLDSTONE- CLA\'TON-In this City. Mayl,
1897, by the Rev. Dr. K. R. Lille, Philip ('old-
stone and Catherine Clayton, bo*,b of San Fran-
Cisco.
MOLL— MOOHE-In this clly. May 8, 1897, by
the Xcv Dr. F.B. Dille, Romane Moll of Esca-
lon. San Joaquin County, cal., and Ada A.
Moore of Oa -.la-id. cal.
MARKB-ROBITSHER-In this city. May 2,'
1897. ■by -the Rev* D. Merermn. Chariej L.
Marks and Jeaiiueltj P.obi sher, both of Sati
Fraucisco. i ;
STRIKER-In this cltr. May 2.
1897. by the Rev. D Meyersoh, Charles A.
Pfc-ffer and Bay Striker, both of san Francisco.
TBORNTON-POWELL-In this city. April 3f»,
- 1897, by the Rev. Fred :P. . Evans, t Dr. H. M,
Thorn aod Jeanuette D. Powell, both ot Sau
Fraucisco.
WYCKOFF-BECK-In this city. April 20, 1897
by tbs Rev. Dr. J. N. Beard. Joseph M. Wyckoff
and Ida Beck, both of -an Francisco. *
DIED.
Alvers, Alice KeneflCK, Bartholomew
Armes, Edgar a lund berg. William W.
Barry, Wil ie MCC ffrey, Maijorl*
Blethen. Captain J. H. McNulty. Daniel G.
! Boole. Maud» M. * Mars 1, Robert A.
Cohen, Herbert I. ■■- ' ■ O'Donnell, Mary
Crosby. Kitty L Palmer, H. E.
CUr.ey, Joan W. Pfifer. LOuis
Dlta, Kda ••'.- ■.*_ Yo ROnn, Amanda
Donnelly, George bchuitnelss, diaries J.
Do Ad. Catherine - Kchuster. Joseph F.
Gamble, John Siuon, William
Gercke, Gustav Slaven, Alonfo ' "
Havens. Amy B Taylor, Hon. Clay W.
Vaillant, Victorias
ALVERS-In Oakland. May 3, 1897, Alice, be-
loved wife of Eustace J. Aiv-ifs, daughter of Jo-
hannah and John Conlon, and sister of Frank,
' Llzaie and Kate Conlon, anativa of san Fran-
. ciscu, aged 22 years 3 months and 28 daya
ARMES-In Ban Leaudro, May 2, 18*7. Edgar
C', -r beloved ■ iiintiiiii't of N"ei:ia Armes ami
brother of Clayton. William and OeorS" Armes
and Mr*. Charles Renwlcn, a native of Raclae,
Wis.. axed 45 yean and 2 months. ■ >
i *gTThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late rest
deuce. Sin Lorenzo avenue. Interment Sai'
Lorenzo Cemetery. ;V. * V t ,-i «.
BARRY -In this cHt. May 3. 1897, Willie, vonnff
est and beiove I son of Charles and Mary Barry,
a native of res no County, Cal.. aged 2 years il
months and 24 days. - . -. , ,
BLKTHEN— In this city. May 3, 1897, Captain
James Henry B nan, father of James H.
Blethen, Mrs. J. R. Dw-er and Eugene O. and
' COnstance Ble hen. a native of Brunswick, Me.
barn April 8,1814.
a®" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Wednesday), at i
o'clock p. M.. from iho residence of his son in
| law, J. R. uwyer, 518 Devisadero street. Inter-
;. ment private. MasoaU Cemetery.
BOOLE— In ttis cite. May 2..1897. Maude M
Boole, beloved daughter of N. H. A. and L
Mason, a native of California, aged 27 yeara
■W" Friends ail acquainiano-M ir- :••»>•*!-,-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of h r parents, S3 J Tuii street. Inter-
ment San Jose, Cal.
COHKN-In this city, Maya 1897. Herbert 1.,
beloved. son of I. B. and Hannah Coheu, a native
■ of san Francisco ajei 2 years 2 months and 11
days. - .
Of Friend ». and acquaintances are respect*
fully inviiel to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. it., irom his lata
residence. 160 H uss street. interment Hi.is oi
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:3) o'closis a. X. traiu
from Third aad Townsend streets.
CRO-BY— In this city. May S, 1897. Kltt*- Louisa,
dearly beloved daughter of Patrick and tho lat**
D Ua Crosby. and sister of M.-«. I. S. Fairchild
ann Rose, Patrick J. and Mft-*-*i» i rjsby, a na-
tive of ban Francisco.
CURI.KY-In this cltr. May 1, 1897, John Wi '.
liam, belovel son of Br ;rta:i*l iheiate Wil lam
Cur.c . and brother of Thomas P. Mart n J.,
Mary L. and .Nellie M. Curiey. a native of sau
Francisco, aged 35 years.
*nr*Frienda aiul acqualn'taaces are respect-
fully Invited to attend :n- funeral THIS DAY*
(Tuesday), at 8:1 0, A. M . frrm his late resi
detice. SW. corni-r of ii.ueri and Baker streets,
thence to St. Bridget's Church, where a solem i
requiem mass will be cc ebraied for the repO*i«
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 a. v lv
ferment Mount ChVairy Cemetery.
A— ln this city May 3, 1897, Eda Dl a. ana-
tive of San Fraucisco, a^ed 1 month and 1?
days.
DONNELLY-In the City anl Counbv H*i-**ltat,
Mi- 3, 18J7. Geor<3 Donnelly, aged 32 years.
DOWD— In this city, May 3. 1837. - Catherine,
relict of the late Janiiis Dowit. ami -loved
, motberof Ellen Sanford and Donald and Thomas
MeAnulty, a native of Ireianu, aged 72 years.
GAMBLE— In Los Ga.os, Ma *2. 1897. John Gam-
ble a native of Belfast, IreiunJ, aged bO years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnviled to attend the funeral THIS DA V
1 (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Carew & English. -41 Van Nes? avenua,
li.ence by eiectric funeral-car from Fourteenth
And Mission streets to Cypress Lawn Cemetery
for Interment. '• . ...'.:-.-.■
GERCKE-In thlscity. May 3, 1897, Gustav, be-
loved husband or Maria Gercae. father of Willie,
Arthur, Alfred and Huga Gercte, brother oj
Fritz and William Gercke, and brother- Hi- a* oi
Miss Anna Marquafdt. a native of Petersen,
Germany, aged 4 5 years 0 mouths and 1 6 days.
Friends ami acquaintances are respect--
fnliy invited to attend ihe tuneral TO-MOKROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Thi-oaor Dierks. 957 Mission sires;,
between Fifth and Sixth.
HAVENS— In this cLv, May 2. 1897, Amy
Bell, Infant daughter of Will am and Grstchen
Havens, a haoivo of San Francisco, ngel 1 yeai
and 4 months.
aS-The funeral will tak** placs THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of the parents. 243 Eighth Street. Inter-
ment private.
KENEFICK— IA this citr, May ?, 1837, Bartho-
lomew, oe.oved husband of .Marx'iret and father
of Richard, Julia. Corns ius Mary and Jonu
Kenefick and brother of Patrick Kauefiok, a
native of the parish Tractou Abuy, County
cork, Ireland, a;cJ 53 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful. y invited to attend the funeral THIs OAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from hl3 late
residence. 718 capp s.reet. thence, to -~t. Peter's
ciiiircn, where & requiem high mass will be cele-
b rated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9 o'clock a. ii. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. . . ;..',-
LUNDBERG-In Santa Barbara. May 1, 1897.
William W., beloved son of Petsr T. and tha late
Mary Jane Lundb^r;, and urother of Edwarl
K. Charles T., John 11. aid Arthur W.Lund-
berg, Mrs. William Jones and Mrs. Charles Wa.-
dron. a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years.
<S"*Frl*?nds And acquaintances are respect-
ful.y invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at *■: o'clock p. M.. from the resident- >
of his fa her. lOsO Broadway, corner of Joues
street. Intermeut I O. O. F. Cemetery.
MCCAFFREY— In this cl y, May 3, 1 897. Mar-
jorl9, beloved lighter of Hugh and Emma Mc-
Caffrey, and granddauzhter ef Mrs. .**l*ri;ar-;
Holllday and Mr. and Mrs. H. McCaffrey, a na-
tive of san Francisco, aged 1 year and 2 months.
49" Friends ant *iain:ani*si are resD93.
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORRO
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock a.m.. from the resi-
dence of tiie parents, 17i!9 Market street.
Interment Holy Cross Ceme:ery.
McNULTY— Ib this city. May * 1897. DaniOl
oeorge McNulty, a native of California a-?ed 14
years. ?;•* .'-_;*■ -■; :• ■■ j
MARSHALL— In this city. May 3, 1837, Robert
A., husband of Ellen Marshall, a native of .->an
Francisco, axed 33 years 8 months and 19 days.
- B_*FrleUds and acaualntances are' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at I. o'clock p. m.. from bis late
residence, 'iOVi FratiKlin street. intermen;
I. 0. O. F. Ceme.ery.'
O'DONNELL-ln this cltr. May 3, 1897 Mar/,
dearly beloved wife of Michael O'Donnell, and
mother of Michael J.. James V. and the late
John F. O'Donnell,. a native of the parish of
Cluue, County L°ltrira. Ireland, aged 35 years
and 4 months. [New York papers please copy.j
S3" Friends and acouaiutances are resin
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS D.vY
(Tuesday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. m., from her
la.c residence, 2 5 Lj Hermann street, lne. lce to
st Josepa's Chutva lor services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. -,**: - ;■?-,
PALMER— In this cltr. May 3, 1897. Herbert
F.ucene Palmer, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 4 months and 16 Java.
PFIFr.R-In Red-mud City. May 3. 1897, Louis,
beloved husband ot .Mary Pfifar, a native of New
Jersey, asad 39 years.
yon RONN— In thlscity, Mar 2.1897, Amanda
yon Honn, a native of san Francisco, ageu 28
years li months and 23 days.
SCHULTHEIS-i— in. Alameda. May 3. 1897,
Charles J., b"lovei husband' of Nellie, and
father of Raymond Schullheiss, aged 26 yeais
and 11 months., yj -yy
SCHUSTEK-In thlscity, April 29. 1897, Joseph
F. . beloved husband of Filommia Schuster, an l
father of Jbsepu P., J.ydia, Benjamin, Annie and
William Schuster, a native of Oermany. '
£9" Frienis and i acquaintances are resD9T,.
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 'i o'clock p. it., from his lata resi-
dence, IB Tehama street, Interment Lo. O. F.
cemetery.
SINON— In this city. May 2, 1897, at his resi-
dence,. 2ols 11yds street, William SlnOn, be-
loved fatnerof Margaret M. and William J. Slnon
and brother of Tnomas Sinon, a native of Ire-
laud. aged 7 3 years.
friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS ,\\-
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his lata
residence, thence to St. Bridget's church, wnere
a solemn requiem mass will be celebra'.-si
for the repose of his soul, commencing M 10:30
o'clock a. m. Interment Mouut Calvary Ceme-
tery.
SLAVEN— In the City and County Hospital, May
29, 1837, Alonzo Slav eu, aged 29 years.
TAYLOR-Inthls city. Mar 1. 1897. Hon. Cl***.***
Webster Taylor, beloved husband of Viola Tay-
lor and fattier of Abbr and Bayard Tavlor au I
brotherof Fred Tavlor. a native of Michigan,
aged 61 years 7 months and 20 days.
«»rF*i*iera THURSDAY. Mar d. 1897. at
2 o'clock p. M , from Masonic Temple, corn-r
Post and Montgomery streets.
VAILLANT-In San Jose. CaU. May J, 1837,
Victorlne, beloved wife of Charles Vaiilaut, a
native of France, aged 70 years.
' £*T"FHeuds and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from her lain
residence. 565 Orchard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church at i o'clock p. m. Interment
oa< Hid C'eme'.ery, '„ ... . *. -;,
WIcAVOY & CALLACHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
80 Firth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. * '
__— __ ___ _—_ in | ____—!
NOTICE.-THE BUSINESS OF Mi'AVOY
A GAILAiili X wilt be conducted at the
old stand. No. 20 Fifth street, for tbe benelit
of the widow of the lale HENRY J. GALLAG-
HER and his sisier, MISS ANNIE V. Ga LLAG*
HUR. . MBS. H. J. GAI. I. At- II (•. it. .
. . . ANNIE B. GALLAGHER.
ITSntcfflSlSESr. crab. McMKNpsuiif.
JAMES 3IoMENOBIETt A SON,
UNDERTAKER.*- ANO EMHALMfc'RS,
II Oaf Alission Street. Sent' Sou-uiU.
'Telephone .-outh i>s-l.
AS. ENGLISH. ."•''"-' T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH.
l-NDERTAKER*^ AND EMBALMEi**
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
IP van Ness aye.. near ■»»«•"*- at* a"*"* <*'raa**lse»
Telephone So. , 15U.
F. 1. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER.
OANTNER & UNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
Sand 10 CITT HALL SQUARE.
Telephone South 432. _ .
LAUREL I HILL
CEMETERY ISSOCIITIOJ
IB PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALB
Of burial plats and graves in lta cemetery ani
give deeda ' " .
Ferj.etii.il care of lots will be arranged for at ths
Superintendent's office at the cemetery, i:ora.'t
Bush street and Central avenue. San Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN I MATEO . COUNTY: NEAREST CEM&
tery totheclty; non-sectarian; ln no sense ex-
clusive; locaiion unexcelled. I Uilice VW7 UtmVttt
•treet, soutttstut coiner Of "aixtu. > :14
PLENTY OF PRUNES
AFTER THE DROP
Orchards So Burdened With
Fruit That They Must
Be Thinned Out.
Late Frost Did Slightly Nip the
Apricots, but the Yield
Will Be Good.
Lsading Houses Receive Encouraging
R ports From the Fruit.Pro
ducing Districts.
Reports by wire and letter that the
prunes were rapidly dropping in the
orchards of Vacaville, Visalia, Sonoma I
and Santa Clara, caused some alarm
among dealers in this City yesterday.
A prominent orchardist near Saratoga
wrote to Porter Brothers last Saturday that J
the prune crop there would be lighter this J
season than it was last year. Three or four j
other letters of a similar character, one |
from Sonoma County, another from Visa
lia and one from Vacaville, created the
impression that the crop of prunes and i
apricots might be seriously affected. It
was said that the north winds and change
abe weather at the times the prunes were
setting nad caused the unusual dropping. ,
Inspection of reports from every fruit- j
growing region of the State gives no just
cause for alarm. The Castle Brothers keep
very weil posted aud assert that nothing
has been received that justify vie predic
tion of a diminished yield. On the con
trary the reports from agents in Santa
Clara, Sonoma and Solano counties indi
cate tnat the crop will be larger.
Sidney Smith of the Cutting Packing
Company has an excellent system of ob- !
taming and charting reports irom ail the
great iruit-producing sections of Califor
nia. The prune, apricot, peach, cherry
and plum charts were placed before a
Call reporter yesterday. At the same
time the reports for the week ending last
Saiurday were exhibited in connection
witn the charts. In order to fix a line of
measurement last year's yield is placed in
each district at 100 points. Many predic
• tions of 200 or a quantity twice as large
us that produced last year— are noted. In
a very few instances only do the returns
go below 100.
The dropping of the prunes is readily
explained by the immense quantity of
fruit borne "by the trees*, li they did
not drop they would not be larger than
ctierries.
One orchardist wrote to Cutting & Co.
that he had thinned and thinned, spend
ing an hour or more on a tree, and yet the
oranches were so heavily laden that one
could not tell where the thinning had been
done.
It is claimed that there must be a great
dropping of prunes in order to develop
the fruit on the trees. Nature is now
taking the proper course for giving a good
crop of fair-sized prunes and apricots.
The reports from the lower San Joaquin
Valley and Southern California are en
couraging. Peaches are promised in abund
ance.
Sonoma 13 not a big peach county, but
cherries and prunes are produced there i.i
large quantities and the outlook is good.
Santa Clara County is the great prune
and apricot region of California, and de
spite the recent dropping, the tree** are
overburdened and much thinning must yet
be dove.
Yuba and Sutter counties produce gieat
quantities of peaches, and the outlook for
a large yield is excellent.
Notning to cause the slightest discour
agement has been received by the Cutting
Packing Company from Tehama, Sutter,
Placer, Solano, Sonoma ana Santa Clara
counties.
The frost hit the apricots in the region
of Visalia, but the yield of other fruits will
be large. Frora the orchards immediately
around the town 500 carloads will be
shipped.
Last year the pear crop was' large and
bids fair to be good this season. Cherries
promise a fair yield.
The apricot yield, according to reports
from Haywards and San Leandro and
other places in Alameda County, will be
large.
In looking over the situation carefully
Castle Bros, and the people of the Cutting
Packing Company see nothing to cause
discouragement. In some sections rain is
needed to increase tne size of the fruit.
Castle Bros, have not discoverad any
particular demand for prunes now on
hand, so it is reasoned that dealers do not
anticipate a short crop.
Reports from the East are studied with
absoi bing interest. Should the fruit crop
in New York, Michigan and Georgia prove
light, as foreshadowed by reports some
days since, there will be an increased de
mand for California products.
THREE BRAVE GREEKS.
They Leave California To-Day to Fight
for Their Country.
Three brave Greeks of this City have
disposed of all their earthly possessions,
have received the blessing cf the Bishop
of the mother church and will start to
day for their native land to take up arms
against the unspeakable, but rather nu
merous Turk.
The loyal sons of tbe mother of the arts
are Alexander Mavrigis, Mitchel Cb.
Markus and Elepherios Elenheriou. They
called yesterday upon A. Gousiiaux, the
Acting Consul for Greece, and informed
him of their intention. He praised them
for their noble resolve. Then they went
to the Orthodox Greek Catholic Church,
of whicn the Czar of Russia is the head,
and told Bishop Nicholas that they were
going home to tight for their country.
The Bishop gave them the blessing of
the church and took down their nances so
that he might offer up special prayers for
them while the war lasted.
The Greeks here like the Russian Bishop
Nicholas, because he sympathizes with
their cause. It was only the other day
when he gave $50 to the fund for the
suffering Cretans.
kew TO-DAY.
TAUT
HUMORS
Itching, Irritated, scaly, crusted Scalps, dry, thin,
and falling Hair, cleansed, purified, and beauti-
fied by warm shampoos with Cuticura Soap,
and occasional dressings of Cuticuba, purest of
emollients, the greatest skin cures.
(yticura
Treatment will produce a clean, healthy scalp
with luxuriant, lustrous hair, when all else falls.
Sold thronehont the world. Porraa Dm and Chem.
Corp.. Sole Propi., Boston. . -
Sgf" How to produce Luxuriant Hair," mailed free.
— — — _—
SKINS ON f^^SS^fSSOr*
WAS AWARE OF
SHEEHAN'S ACTS
His Conduct Called to the
» Attention of Judge
Hebbard.
Yet His Court Took No Move
to Correct Flagrant
Abuses.
i
I
\
Attorney Shortridge Pulls Chestnuts
From the Fire That Were Not
Relished by the Prosecution.
Another piece of the story of the mis
management of the People's Home Savings
Bank was told yesterday in Judge Dain
gerfieid's court. Metaphorically speaking
it was a link in the claim Attorney Samuel
M. Shortridge has promised to forge con
necting Judge Hebbard with the actions
of John F. Sneehan as receiver of the in
stitution, and which would justify Editor
MairiQttof the News Letter in expressing
the opinion that Hebbard was the "tool"
and ''creature" of the ring in control of
the assets of the bank.
Now, to go back nearly three years, in
June, 1894, there was much dissatisfac
tion among the depositors over Sheehan's
conduct of the bank. Indignation meet
ings were irequent, and the speakers did
not hesitate to express their mind in very
emphatic and sarcastic terms about the
matter. At a mass-meeting at which 1600
of the depositors in the defunct bank were
represented resolutions were adopted ac- ;
cusing Sneehan of many misdemeanors,
among others of causing to be published
j statements tending to undervalue the
assets of the bank.
This action, it is said, caused many of
the depositors to sell their bankbooks to
speculators at a sacrifice. In fact, some
of the executive committee of the depos
itors accused Sheehan of running a little
; speculative syndicate on his own account,
j but that's another story, which may prob-
I ably be fully ventilated before tne case is
i concluded. :' .-"
Now Sheeban was appointed by Judge
i Hebbard, and in his capacity as receiver
j of the bank was, as lawyers say, the serv
; ant of the court. Attorney Shortridge
; was endeavoring to show that the court
was made aware of its servant's shortcom
ings. To do this he put Harrison D. Pike
on the stand to testify that as secretary of
; the meeting he had forwarded a copy of
these resolutions, reciting Sheehan's mis
conduct, to Judge Hebbard. That was
one of tne "links in the chain." Then, by
way of making a good job of it. he asked
that a copy of these resolutions be read to
the jury, and therein he stirred up Heb
bard's wrath.
Attorney Julius Kahn and Assistant
Prosecuting Attorney Hinkle performed
all sorts of legal gyrations in their efforts
to prevent the reading of those famous
resolutions. Judge Hebbard himself as
sisted in the fight.
The resolutions were type-written and
of course very interesting reading. Judge
Daingerfield was for putting Attorney
Shortridge to the trouble of proving all
facts recited in them before they might
be read. The lawyer was willing to do
this if it took all summer just to show
j that Judge Hebbard knew wuat Sheehan
j was doing, and how distasteful bis aciions
i as receiver were to the depositors.
Then there were arguments as to the
weight of the resolutions as evidence, not
avoirdupois, but in the legal measure.
This, according to Attorney Shortridge,
was a matter for the jury to decide. Their
competency was first to be determined, he
argued.
Then it was that Kahn invoked ad
journment. Shortridge managed, how
ever, to let the jury hear a few of the spicy
paragraphs the depositors adopted, and
the wrangle will be resumed this morning.
Incidentally,' the evidence of Pike de
veloped that he had strong opinions . con
cerning Judge Hebbard, much stronger
than Editor Marriott had expressed. Also
the proceedings developed a phase of the
late political campaign, wherein Judge
Hebbard was hooted at a public meeting.
The resolutions were adopted at a mass
meeting of tie depositors, and Pike, as
secretary, stated lhat he had forwarded a
copy of them to Judge Hebbard through
the mail. The executive committee of
seven, representing the depositors, had
been for some time previously vainly
struggling with Judge Hebbard to allow
the old board of directors to resign, and
the adoption of these resolutions was a
sort of forlorn hope. Still, they were in
the nature of a last appeal to the heart of
tbe court. - J'\ 'JJ Jj" : -
Attorney Shortridge then made a formal
request to introduce the resolutions into
the record and read them to the jury. At
torney Kahn dramatically declared that
the men who drafted them should have
been cited for contempt of court by Judge
Hebbard for daring to criticize the actions
of Sheehan. ,
"Well, why didn't he do it? ' queried
Shortridge, but Kahn made a new tack.
He was for having all the acts recited in
the resolutions proved by means of wit
nesses. -; A*
"Well, we'll do that in time, all right,"
was the ready response of Attorney Short
ridge. -J JJJ -J'
Judge Daingerfield asked if it was in
cumbent upon Judge Hebbard to act in
accordance with the tenor of the resolu
tions. 'J'JJj.
"We are not complaining that he did
act," said Shortridge, "but that he did
not act and remove the receiver after he
was informed of his misdoings. He re
mained passive with the knowledge of
these facts before him, and we are simply
reciting these circumstances to bring
home to Judge Hebbard his connection
with the matter."
Then Judi*e Daingerfield inquired if
Judge Hebbard had b**»en asked to act in
the matter in court. yyJ'Jr.
He was informed that many people had
appeared before Judge Hebbard to request
him to modify his injunction restraining
the ola board of directors from resigning
as they wished to, in order to make room
for other directors selected by the de
positors. .
Again Attorney Shortridge offered the
resolutions as evidence. He asked Judge
Daingerfield to read them, but the court
said the communication did not mace it
incumbent upon Judge Hebbard to take
official cognizance of it.
"These matters should be brought home
to Judge—"
"Well, that's just what I am doing," re
plied Shortridge.
Judge Daingerfield asked if application
had ever been made for Sheehan's re
moval. JyJyJ~::y
"Yes ; to remove the whole caboodle of
them before Judge Seawell's court," was
the reply. y *-"•
"Now, granting that the receiver did
certain wrong things," continued Short
ridge, "we must bring it home to the
Knowledge of Judge Hebbard; that's what
we are doing. The most honest Judge
in tne world might be the 'tool' of wicked
men. v How else can we prove this? The
receiver wouldn't come into court and tell
Judge Hebbard he' was doing wrong.
Not much. The presumption is that
Judge Hebbard got the copy of the resolu
tions mailed by Mr. Pike." ,
Judge Daingerfield compromised mat
ters by ruling that the resolutions might
be read to the jury whon the facts con
tained in tbem we're proved, and forth
with Shortridge elicited from Pike a re
cital of Sheehan's queer actions. The
witness was not allowed to say that Shee
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 4, 1897.
JONATHAN M. PEEL, Eminent Commander of Golden Gate!
Commandery, Knights Templar.
han bad caused statements to be pub*
lished of the assets of the bank which
scared depositors into parting with their
bankbooks at a big discount. Pike re
lated how the committee appointed by the
depositors had attempted to get access to
the bank record, and were denied even ac
cess to the building after Sheehan had
learned that he was not wanted in charge
of the management of the affairs of the
institution. To retain his position the
receiver had requested Secretary Palmer
of the bank to get signature to a circular
requesting that he continue in charge of
the bank. This was a "bogus" circular,
said Pike, but the words jarred on Kahn's
ear. Pfke said, when he presented his
cause against Hebbard, the Judge pulled
this same "bogus" circular from his
pocket to offset his own document.
"Did you explain to General Sheeban
thatyou were secretary of the depositors'
committee?"
"I called on Mr. Sheehan and informed
him of our committee, and he was at first
very courteous." ,-{i
"When did the change come over the
spirit of his dream?"
"As soon as he learned we were not in
favor of him retaining control of the bant.
Afterward he misrepresented our commit
tee to everybody."
There was a meeting of the bank de
positors in the Bush-street Theater on the
Saturday preceding the last election.
Judge Hebbard had found his way there,
but was hooted and jeered, said Pike.
"How did he act?" asked Shortridge.
Kahn objected, and Shortridge added
that maybe the answer would show that
Judge Hebbard was unfitted for the
bench. :-yj :
Upon cross-examination Pike told
Attorney Kabn he had been in the| State
five years. The legal adviser of Judge
Hebbard asked Pike for some of his
opinions of his judicial client.
"Did you ever call Judge Hebbard a
murderer at any of your committee meet*
ings?" asked Kabn.
"Yes, I think I have," replied Pike.
"Did you ever call him a thief?"
"Yes."
"Did you ever call him a liar?"
"Yes," was the laconic answer.
"Did you ever send any anonymous let
ters to him?"
"I never sent an anonymous letter in
my life." •
Attorney Shortridge thought the ques
tion ridiculous, and when Kahn attempted
to justify it by relating that Mrs. Heb
bard had received many anonymous let
ters threatening disaster to her nusband,
Judge Daingerfield ordered it blotted from
the record.
Kabn then desired to know if Pike ever
contemplated making an effort to get the
secretaryship of the bank and received a
negative reply. jr
T. H. McCarthy, chairman <jf the execu
tive committee of the depositors, cor
roborated Pike's recital of Sheehan's re
fusal to allow anybody to see the bank
records.
McCarthy presided at tbe meeting of
the depositors at the Bush-street Theater
on the Saturday evening preceding elec
tion. Admittance wis by bat: book or
certificates from the California Safe De
posit Company. After the meeting had
opened Judge Hebbard was seen coming
down the aisle to the stage. It transpired
that he had a number of his adherents in
the front seats to break up the meeting if
possible. McCartny recalled Milk In
: spector Dockery and Court Clerk Fitz
gerald among them. They were not de
positors, and McCarthy was unable to
say how they gained admittance.
"By the way, how did- Judge Hebbard
get in?" asked Attorney : Shortridge; but
this too was a conundrum. Hebbard had
made his way to the stage and asked per
mission to address the audience. The
people refused to listen to him; there
upon he retired. ... _ .;},";. -
Once again Attorney Shortridge asked
permission to read the* resolutions to the
court reporter and jury. He argued that
they would show that judge Hebbard was
aware what Sheehan was doing, and that
as a Judge in a court of' equity he should'
have taken notice of the acts of his ser
vants. Sheehan's actions as receiver bound
Judge Hebbard, who appointed him. He
was Hebbard's "creature," so to speak.
The attorney began to read the resolu
tions, to the general discomfiture of Judge
Hebbard and 1 , his attorneys. When he
came to a recital of Sheehan's attempt to
undervalue the assets of the bank he ob
tained from McCarthy the information
that Sheehan baa told him that the de
positors would not get more than 25 or 30
cents on the dollar. ? ~ —
"I advised him not to talk like that,','
continued McCarthy. '*,.' "To tell you the
truth, 1 thought he was standing in on
some kind of a deal." : .
Attorney Shortridge was then ; inter-,
rupted by adjournment. To-day the-re
mainder of the resolutions will be read,
and thus an important link forged in the
Hebbard-Sheehan chain. - .]
STRUCK BY A OYOLIST.
A Pedestrian Gets a Fractured Bib by
Running Into a Wheel.
An unknown bicycle-rider, scorching
down Geary street, between Stockton and
Grant avenue, ran into L. Schubener of
508 Grove street yesterday morning,
knocking him down" and rendering "him"
unconsclous."^_^i^^^^^*S^i. ,;...*.
The bicycle-rider was also thrown, but
not sufficiently hurt to prevent him from
remounting his wheel and getting away.
At the Receiving Hospital it was found
that Schubener had sustained an ugly
wound over the right eyebrow and a frac
tured rib. ; - - -• --'
BANQUET OF GOOD THINGS
A Kearny-street House Makes
a Dazzling Display of Fine
Clothes.
J W. Raphael & Cd. Hava Outdone
Themselves This Time in Artistic
Window Arrangements.
It requires but a glance at the surging
mass of people that clamor around the
show windows of J. W.Raphael & Co.
from early morn until late at night, en
deavoring to obtain a peep at the unique
and handsome window display, to fully
realize that San Franciscans are art-loving
people.
"The Feast of the Season," as the dis
play is called, was designed and arranged
by E. C. Hiller, head of the staff of win
dow-trimmers of the big Kearny-street
firm.
Occupying the center position in the
show window is a dining table spread
with whitest drapery, finest crystal
and choicest china. Arranged with great
taste are flowers and fruit, and all is in
readiness for a royal feast.
The feast of the viands is, of course, de
signed to call attention to the yet more
elaborate banquet of clothing buyers a
special departure made mis week, and
certainly calculated in itself to attract an
unusual share of attention.
Some of the finest examples of tailoring
ever sent forth from the manufactories —
consisting of the richest and best fabrics
and the latest and best styles to be had —
surround the suggestive dining table.
It is the great "ten-dollar sale" of suits
and overcoats, whose regular values range
around and about $20, but which J. W.
Raphael & Co., with the object of drawing
to their great store the thrones which
they so delight in, have cheerfully de
cided to sacrifice.
When it is considered that from amid
this great mass of handsome clothing the
buyer is invited to pick and choose, al
ways for the same extremely low price,
the point in calling tbis "The Feast of the
Season" may readily be seen.
WANTED TO WING HIM.
George Washington, a Bootblack, Fires
Two Bullets Into Charles Young.
George Washington, a bootblack, and
Charles Young, a song-and-danue per
former at the Midway Plaisance, both
colored men, have not been on friendly
terms for some time.
They met last night on Third and Jessie
streets, and Young drew a knife and made
for George, George had armed himself
with a revolver ami he pulled it out of his
hip pocket and fired two shots at Youne.
One of the bullets lodged in Young's hip
and the other in his right arm.
Young was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and Dr. Thompson extracted the
bullets. The wounds are not dangerous. ;
George was arrested and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of assault to.
murder. He said that Young assaulted
him about two weeks ago, and he armed
himself to be ready for him.
: "I didn't mean to kill him," he said,
"but only wing him."
TRE ENDEAVORERS.
Programme of the Mass-Convention to
Be Held Thursday.
* Following is the programme for the
mass-convention of Golden Gate Union of
j the Christian Endeavorers, to be held on
Thursday evening at the First Congrega
tional Church, Post and Mason streets:
, r Song service — "Stand Up, Stand Up for
. Jesus," Church Hymnal No. 070: "How Firm
a. Foundation," Church Hymnai No. 678;
"All Hail the Power* of Jesus* Name," Church
Hymnal No. 339; "Nearer, My God, to Thee,','
Church Hymnal No. 775. Prayer, Rev. George
C. Adams, D.D. ; scripture reading. A J. Todd ;
selection, Philomel quartet— Mrs. Eva Tenney,
Mrs. Etta B. Blanchard, Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark,
Mrs. Emilie Parent. - - '*.-••* * jyy..-- ■
Business— of corresponding secre
tary, report of recording secretary, report of
treasurer. / •
; ! Offertory, improvisation, Samuel D. Mayer;
'"The '97 Convention," J. & Webster; "Come,
Thou Almighty King," Churcn Hymnal 122;
'•Practical. Consecration," Rev. R. F. Coyle,
D.D.; solo, Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark; consecration
service.Rev. H.N. ; Hoyt, D.D ; "Blest be the
.Tie That Binds," Church Hymnal No. 847.
Home* That Are Wrecked.
I ' Suits " for divorce have been filed in the Su
perior Court as follows: Ida Younger against
Elton Younger, for failure to provide; Marion
inglis against John Inglis, desertion; Edith
Bost against W. £. Host, failure to provide;
Lina Reeb against Pierre ReeD, willful neglect
A Kew Style Suit For Ladies.
■". The military suit ls what has a great run at
the retiring sale of the Paragon Cloak and
Suit Company, 1230 Market street. Hun
dreds . are . moving * daily ; , and many other
styles at $5, $7, $12, worth more than double.
Sale will soon be closed. * .
A Shed in Flames-
An alarm was sounded through box 238 yes
terday at 2:20 p. m, for a tiro in a shed con
nected with George Burger's furniture factory,
Seventeenth and Wisconsin streets. : The
blaze, which damaged the building to the ex
tent of $150, was caused by sparks from a
-furnace. ... ...
HE WILL LEAD
THE KNIGHTS
J. M. Peel, Commander of
Golden Gate Comman
dery No. 16.
Reports Show a Most Prosper
ous Condition of
Affairs.
A Good Net Increase in the Mem
bership for the Past
Year.
The Sir Knights of Golden Gate Com
mandery No. 16, Knights Templar, were
present with full ranks in Golden Gate
Hall last night for tne purpose of electing
officers for the ensuing term.
The reports of the outgoing officers
showed tbat the commandery had a mem
bership of 295. Thirteen members died
during the yeai and forty-three new mem
bers were received within the castle, mak
ing a net gain of thirty. This ia a remark
ably good showing for a commandery only
sixteen years old.
The election of officers took place last
evening, and was highly complimentary
to the popularity of the Sir Knights upon
whom fell the mantle of preference, for
there was practically no opposition. The
following are the officers for the ensuing
term: IJAJ- '.-.
Jonathan M. Peel, commander; Charles
L. Patton, generalissimo; J. C. Campbell,
captain-general; Robert Ash, prelate; H.
J. Saddler, treasurer; "William T. Fonda,
recorder; John Gilson, senior warden; S.
L. Lent, junior warden.
The installation will take place two
weeks from last night.
Commander-elect Peel is a native son,
having been born in San Francisco. He
was educated in the public schools of this
City and graduated from the High School.
He graduated from the Cooper "Medical
College in 1888. Three years ago he mar
ried the daughter of a Sir Knight, having
first met the young lady at the Triennial
Conclave in. 1883. He is an enthusiastic
Mason, having become a member of Gold
en Gate Commandery seven years ago,
and having filled all the subordinate
chairs.' \
After the close of the session last even-
In-;, the newly elected officers invited the
commandery to champagne and cold tur
key in the hall downstairs.
ARRESTED IN STOOKTON.
Samuel de Graaf Is "Wanted Here for
Grand Larceny.
Samuel de Graaf was arrested in Stock
ton yesterday and Detective Anthony left
last night to bring him back to the City.
Several days ago Mrs. Mary W. Healy,
43 Stanley place, swore out a warrant in
EDWARD KLINE , the Hypnotic Subject.
Judge Campbell's court for tbe arrest of
De Graaf and his father, Julius, on the
charge of grand larceny by trick and de
vice. She alleged that on or about Novem
ber 27 last the De Graafs swindled her out
of $448. Julius has not yet been arrested.
The De Graafs were connected with
Charles C. Mullen's private detective
agency. Mullen is the man who placed
glass receptacles in saloons for the recep
tion of money for the "associated hospi
tals," and was stopped by the police.
FIGHTING FOR COIN.
Pugilists Who -Have Been Matched to
Fight Daring the Month.
The Pacific Athletic Club met last even
ing and discussed the proposition of giving
an entertainment some evening this
month, the proceeds to be added to the
Balboa boulevard fund.
The proposed match . between Jimmy
Anthony, Cooney and Rubenstein was
not discussed, as Cooney and Rubenstein
were recently signed by the California
Athletic Club to box on tbe 28th inst. at
an entertainment which will be given in
Woodward's Pavilion. Slavin and Smith,
alias the "Colored .Thunderbolt," will
meet in a contest of twenty rounds also
on the evening of the 28th. Both contests
will be held under the auspices of the
California Club. -,-■*-,
Tbe Pacifies have not decided as yet
which evening they will entertain the
patrons of boxing, but in all probability
they will select. Friday, the 21st inst.,
which will be three days after the Olympic
Club's fistic carnival.
At last evening's session the Pacifies in :
formed Billy Smith that he may be se
lected to fight Joe Cotton (colored) fifteen
or twenty rounds and that "Soldier"
Walker and big Miller of the San Fran
cisco Athletic I Club will be signed to go
ten or fifteen rounds on the same evening.
Jeffries is training hard in Oakland for
his meeting with Baker. The latter is
located at Blankens, but it was rumored
about town last evening - that the . oppo
nent of the Los Angeles champion was
somewhat careless -in his : methods of
training and was bestowing too much at
tention on some of his visitors, to whom
he has taken a great fancy.
The fac-simile ST& v/f*_ yf ** ** on evei 7 wrapper
signature of ■ (jM^/jfT&^l^ of C ASTORIA.
'::■; ..■-.■■ ■■■■■-. — '"'* ■■.:■*— — r-y * ■ .■--•'- ■•'
TO BREAK THAT
HYPNOTIC SPELL
Jacob Kline Causes * the
Arrest of His Son
Edward.
The Lad Was a " Subject for
Students of the Strange
Power.
He Got Five Dollars a Week and
Board for Being Stage Property
in an Institute.
Edward Kline, a boy 18 years of age,
who for the past few months has been act
ing as a "subject" in the Pacific Hypnotic
Institute at 44 Sixth street, was arrested
last evening for vagrancy.
Back af this common-place entry on the
prison book there is an interesting story
that throws some light upon the inside
facts concerning the institute.
This place has already come to the
notice of the public through the some
what sensational marriage of the business
manager. Dr. H. M. : Thornton, with a
young woman who, it is claimed, plays
musical instruments by the inspiration of
powers not wholly her own. The charges
of the girl's family that Thornton was
already married caused the bride to take
poison and the groom to go into a hyp
notic fit, from which both recovered.
As stated, the story of the boy Kline is
interesting. The complaint upon which
he was arrested was made by his father,
Jacob Kline, a hard- wonting German who
resides at 511 Minna street. According to
the tale of the parents the lad was obedi
ant and industrious until he met Perry H.
Baker, whose cards state that he is an
instructor in hypnotism in the institute
named. From that time on, the parents
state, Edward has stayed away from home
and been entirely under the influence of
the disciples of Mesmer.
They have made repeated efforts, they
state, to see the boy, but to no purpose.
At one time the hypnotists asserted that
they did not know where the boy was.
At another time the mother received a
rambling letter from her son, who was in
hiding in Oakland, in which he asserted
that he was bound for Alaska, and that he
had money enough to travel all over the
world. Trie poor woman was almost wild
with grief, for she could not get any defi
nite knowledge of her boy.
A few days ago tbe angry relatives of
Thornton's young wife told the Klines
that their son was still at the institute
and under the control of Baker & Co. The
case was reported at police - headquar
ters, but the lad could not be found. The
next move was to report the matter to
Colonel Parnell, secretary of the Society
for tbe Prevention of Cruelty to Children
Last evening Officer McMurray, detailed
to special duty for the society, went to the
institute and had a long talk with
Hypnotist Baker. This man's account of
young Kline's connection with the insti
tute was a revelation.
He said the boy is an excellent subject
and when under hypnotic influence isa
great clairvoyant. He sees wonderful
things. The lad is particularly valuable
as a subject for students of hypnotism,
Bauer's pupils, to practice their newly de
veloping powers upon. He yields readiiy
to their influence. In fact, of all bis sub
jects, Baker said, Kline was the favorite.
Baker sr.id that he pays Kline $5 a week,
and gives him his board and lodging for
his services, and added that the boy is
! worth three times as much.
Upon the officer demanding to see the
lad Baker left the room and was gone for
several minutes before returning with
young Kline, wbo is a short, stoutly built
youngster. The latter answered ques
tions readily and told a long story as to
why he left his home, the burden of
which was that his mother took all the
money he earned and nagged him all of
the time, while his father was accustomed
to beat him. The youngster expressed
himself as highly pleased with his pres
ent occupation of "going to sleep" at the
will of others.
Baker interjected that in the beginning
Mrs. Kline was only too glad to have her
son hypnotized at $5 per week and
"found," as she wanted him to ba a
mediMTO. Officer McMurray called upon
the family a little later and the father and
mother refuted all of the statements made
by Baker and the boy, who they claimed
must have been made to say wnat he did
through Baker's strange power. Not only
did tbey deny having been . cruel, but
they denied that their son bad been ad
dicted to strong drink and tbe cigarette
habit, as the boy and Baker had claimed.
They denounced this as a fabrication
uttered to advertise tbe institute. It took
but a short time for: them to decide that
their son must not remain in such sur
roundings and Mr. Kline accompanied
the officer back to the institute. The offi
cer, who had learned a trick or two. gave
five raps on the door, which was opened
without delay. This rap, so the lad after
ward stated, meant that a friend wanted
to enter.
■ Mr. Kline had not s?en his son for sev
eral weeks and was much surprised to see
: the lad grown so thin. Hi* was formerly
! rosy checked and very fleshy. Upon
being confronted by the stories he had told
to the officer, the young "subject" ack
nowledged tnat he had not told the facts, \
and that the only complaint he had to 1
make was that his mother would not let I
him run around nights with the boys.
Then it was that he denied his former
story, and said that his parents never beat*
him. ' The charge of vagrancy was placed
against him in order to get the boy away
from the influence of those who conduct
and frequent the hypnotic institute.
AT THE FARMERS' CLUB,
Interesting Subjects Discussed and
Committees Appoiuted.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Farmers' Club was held last evening in
the Mills building, E. F. Adams presid
ing. The greater part of the evening was
spent in a discussion of the works and
policy of the ciub for the coming year.
Joseph J. Clappell. W. H. Russell and
George Morehouse were appointed on the
membership committee, B. N. Rowley, J*
M. Carroll ar.d E. F. Adams on tbe pres ß
and publication committee, Miss B. Rinn
sey, W. H. Slocumb and Charles Cole
more on the reception committee and
Alfred Holman, John McNaugtit and I. J.
Truman on the programme committee.
After some discussion on the question,
it was decided to take up the free market
j as a subject for the next discussion.
EMMA CLEVERLY'S TRIAL.
Judge Dunne and a Jury Will Hear
• the Testimony.
The case of Emma Cleverly, charged
with grand larceny, was called for trial in
Judge Dunne's department of the Superior
Court yesterday. The deiendant stands
charged with grand larceny for stealing a
solitaire diamond ring worth $85, and a
horseshoe brooch of gold with -diamond
and pearl setting worth $75, the property
of Kittle Durning.
The following -named jurors are im
paneled to try the case: L. G. Scbord,
D. C. Hohn. W. Klbbe, D. C. Smith, A.
Buislay, G. N. Jones Em* l Heidenrich.W.
Birch, Alfred Coad,' N. B. Engle, P. D.
Dunn and H. Kohn.
After the jury was impaneled Attorney
Alex Campbell, representing the defend
ant, and District Attorney Barnes, on be
half of the State, asked for a continuance
until 10 o'clock this morning.
Judge Dunne gave the lawyers to under
stand that he would expet the trial to
proceed this morning and that he was not
disposed to grant any further delay.
CROSSED THE LAST BAR
Death of Captain J. H. Blethen,
Formerly Chief Wharf
inger.
Ho Was a Pioneer and Weil Known in
Shipping Circles — First Skipper
of the Webb Line.
Captain J. H. Blethen, a well-known
pioneer and at one time chief wharfinger,
died at the residence of his son-in-law,
518 Devisadero street, last Sunday night.
He was one of the best known men in tbe
State, and both he and his sons have been
connected with the shipping of California
from the days of '49. His son, J. H.
Blethen Jr., was at one time "captain of
the watch" at Meiggs wharf, and since
that time he held various positions of
trust along the front.
Captain Blethen was 83 years of age and
was born in Brunswick, Me. When a ;
youth he came to San Fran cisco,. and in
1850 he was running as master of one of
the Central American packets. Later he
joined the Pacific Mail Company and was
one of its most trusted employes.
Captain Blethen was the first skipper
that ever piloted one of the old Webb line
from San Francisco to Australia. This
was years ago and the big side-wheeler
was a revelation to the people of Auck
land and Sydney. The company did not
make expenses, however, and the vessels
were withdrawn. Captain Blethen re
tired from the sea and a few years later
was appointed chief wharfinger of tbe
port. When his term was up be retired
from active life and eschewed politic*.
He was the father of J. H. Blethen Jr.
E. O. and Constance Blethen and Mr. J.
R. Dwyer. ; "'^; SH*2* U
The funeral will take place from the
Dwyer residence, 518 Devisadero street, to
morrow. J
THE SEW FREE MARKET.
Country Producers Will Ask Why It Is
Delayed. ■,?. :'J. I'A.'-
Word was received yesterday by John
T. Randolph that there is a concerted
movement among the fruit-growers of
Sacramento and Santa Clara counties to
insist that the Harbor Commissioners
take immediate steps to carry out the law
that requires the building of a free mar
ket.
There is also, it is said by those inter
ested, a concerted movement among tbe
produce-dealers of the City to oppose the
building of the market, lt is expected
that there will be a mass-meeting of the
producers at an early date, and the result
will probably be an inquiry as to why
steps are not taken to carry out the pro
visions of the law. Jj'jjy
Chased Her With a Baaor.
Mrs. M. S. Lavalle, 3134 Sixteenth street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Low's court yes
terday charging her husband, George Lavalle,
with disturbing the peace. Mrs. Lavalle re
cently applied for a divorce, and yesterday
morning her husband went to her house and
chased her out and around the neighborhood
with a razor in his hand, threatening to carve
her. >■ JJ-.J -;//<"'';■' JJ.-.-.A '■ '
NEW TO-DAT.
ir-CORPO-RATtD Eb_P BH **_** WSB
GROCERS.
.Telephone South 393.
SPECIAL REDUCTION for THIS WEEK
Sugar, Western Cane 21 lbs $100
Best Family Flour .....$l. lO sack
Java and Mocha Coffee ........30c lb
Best Point Reyes Butter 30c square
Towle's Maple Syrup, A ga110n. ..60c can
California Mild Cheese .....3 lbs 25c
Burkes Porter or A1e:.... $1 90 doz
Le Court Mushrooms.... 2 cans 45c
Table Fruits, 3-lb can 5.. ......... 3 cans 25c
Imported Swiss I Cheese 2 lbs 45c
PORT and SHERRY Wine, regular
$1.50 gallon.. .—.. 95c gal
WHISKY; Rye or Bourbon, 5 years.
;. , olu} regular $3.50 ga110n...... $2.50 gal
'. '* Mall orders receive prompt attention. '.
. We ship free of charge wiihin 110 miles. ' :
- All consumers livlnz fartb-r than lOOmlles will
be given spec al niducemenis. * ■ "
send lor our Catalogue Price List, free.
1334-1336 MAKKKT STRKKT, ' -and
| 131 SIXTH STIIKKT.