VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 87.
SAN FRANCISCO
WANTS A NEW
POSTOFFICE
Supervising Architect Aiken
Declares That the Begin
ning of the Work Is
Yet Afar Off.
.MYSTERIOUS AGENCY DELAYS IT
Supervisors, the Legislature, the Chamber oJ
Commerce, Board of Trade and Other
Local Bodies Will Insist Upon
Work Being Begun at Once*
San Francisco wants its new Postoffice. That point at whicr
patience ceases to be a virtue has been reached. If there is any means
of overcoming Governmental inertia without breaking the laws or the
windows at Washington the time has come to employ it. SAN FRAN'
CISCO WANTS HER POSTOFFICE BUILDING! She wants ii
badly. She needs it. Her business interests demand it, and by the
Eternal and the right that is vested in the £100,000,000 that she" has
raid into the treasury at Washington within the past fourteen years,
lected from her customs dues, she must see an end to the inefficient
and the paltering that withholds it from her.
It is time that this big City learned just what is the cause of the
delay ; why the lagging years move past and see no change in thai
it at Mission and Seventh streets known to the wondering genera
of youngsters that have grown up about there as the Postoffice
site. Who is it that stands in the way ? Or is it merely a lack of
interest in Washington ? Whatever the reason be it should be dis
covered and done away with. Construction of the new Postoffice
building should be begun at once.
For seven years there has been lying in the United States treasury
the sum of §210,000 to the credit of the new Federal building. It is
• available for immediate use, say the Commissioners, in the construc
tion of the building. The site was chosen and paid for four years ago.
And there the business stopped. Some drawings of plans were sent
out here early last year. They are said to have been approved, with
some modifications, and finally adopted. November lof last year was
fixed as the date upon which the strange spell was to be broken— work
was to be commenced.
The patient people of San Francisco saw the day go by and the
high fence around the Postoffice site remained fixed and unmoved.
November has been followed by December and January and February',
and still the supervising architect has made no sign.
THE Call yesterday telegraphed to its correspondent in Washing
ton to put the question to Mr. Aiken "Why?" and the amazing reply
comes back that "the beginning of work seems as far distant as ever;
that the engineers, after all these years, have still "certain problems
to solve"; that they only reported on the site in "a general way,"
although over $1,000,000 was paid for the site upon their express
recommendations. He adds that the appropriation was not large enough
to complete the work, but this— seven years after the report was filed—
is the first that we have heard of it. The tests of the site are to be
begun again, for, Mr. Aiken says, "until they are completed it will be
impossible for him to know what kind of a building to put upon the site."
Now, inasmuch as the tests were made and the report accepted,
and Mr. Aiken himself has offered proof of that fact in completed plans
of the building, which have been approved, his explanation of yesterday
must be taken as so much diplomatic lying. There must be some other
reason for the delay, and San Francisco ought to know what it is.
No other city in the country has been subjected to such slights at
the hands of the National Government. It is eight years since Con
gress made an appropriation of three millions for the construction of a
Federal building in this City, independent of the site. For the site,
$1,250,000 was appropriated. The site chosen cost $1,040,000, which
of the ready cash appropriated $210,000. This sum has been
'ing in the treasury ever since and is available for immediate use in
'instruction.
Now think of it— with all these conditions, we have men dragging
a wagon about the street begging food for themselves and a thousand
others who suffer for nothing but lack of work ; the site chosen, the
plans agreed upon and the money in the treasury, while honest men
clamor and starve for want of work.
We must discover the mysterious cause of this delay. San Fran
cisco and the State must call upon her Senators and Representatives to
lose no time in making the discovery and then removing every obstacle
to the inception and completion of this work. The Board of Super
visors will appeal to them as a body and will ask the Legislature to do
the same. The Manufacturers' and Producers' Association, Chamber
of Commerce, the City and State Boards of Trade, the Merchants'
Association and every other body identified with the business interests
of the City should be heard in the matter, so that this disappointing
pause in the matter of the Federal building may be brought to an end
We want the building and the unemployed want the work.
• The present Postoffice and Federal building cannot be matched in
this country as dismal, antiquated ruins. The time to begin the work
<»r a speedy reform is now.
MYSTERY AT WASHINGTON.
Officials Evasive— California's Rep
■ resentatlves Awakening to
1 thp Situation.
J WASHINGTON*. D. C. Feb. 24.— The
prospect for beginning actual construc
tion of the new San Francisco Postcffice
building seems more remote than ever.
Several weeks ago The Call correspondent
was informed by the supervising archi
tect, Mr. Aiken, that bids for the excava
tion and foundation of th« building would
be advertised for as soon as the War De
The San Francisco Call
partment engineers had finished their
computations.
It will be remeirhe ed that the engi
neers reported nearly two years ago that
their examination of the site hhowed that
it was firm enough to support such a
structure as it was proposed to erect at
Seventh and Mission streets. It was sup
posed that this report settled the matter
of foundation, and that there would be no
further reason offered for delay in com
mencing construction. The supervising
architect afterward stated that although
the engineers had ascertained th« founda
tion to be substantial enough, there were
"certain engineering problems" to be
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 25, 1897.
WILL AMERICANS SUBMIT TO THIS MUCH LONGER?
* Indignities are heaped up:n my countrymen without cause.
14 They trample upon our flag and hiss us in the streets." —Letter from Consul-General Lee.
solved before actual construction could
commence. "We must determine the
weight that can be supported by the
foundation beore we can decide what
sort of a building to erect," said
Mr. Aiken. Several days ago The
Call correspondent was informed by
a Treasury Department official that
those engineering problems bad been set
tled and work would soon commence. But
when a representative of The Call inter
viewed the supervising architect to-day
he was informed tnat work could not pro
ceed until the tests of the Seventh and
Mission streets foundation were com
pleted.
"But did the board of engineers not
complete its labors and make its report
nearly two years ago? " asked the corre
spondent, and Mr. Aiken replied:
"They made a general rAport to the ef
fect that the site was all right as a whole,
but that certain parts of it was not firm
enough and piling would be necessary.
They did not make a detailed report,
however. It is necessary for our draughts
men to have before them the most careful
computations before the plans of a public
building could be determined on. We must
know the weight that can be supported by
each part of the lot."
"But why didn't the engineers finish
this examination and make the computa
tions two years ago? 1 '
"Because the appropriation of $3000
made lor that purpose was exhausted be
fore they could complete the work. The
Comptroller of tne Treasury has now
UIW//.. ~*
MM*%cv* Office CO.
City and County or San FranciSCO.
• JAMES D. PWELAM. MAYOR.
,<§*fe^£^f|£i^ Sam Francisco. C«.. P^bruary 24, 2897.
To the Editor of "The Call"— Dear Sir: I agree with your con-
tention that the delay in erecting the Postoff ice is unpardonable
and inexcusable. On account of the large business done by San
Francisco through the Postoffice, and the inadequate facilities
which we now possess, there is no reason why . the Government should
hesitate. The lot is and has been ready for several years. Not
only the Postoffice, but the Federal judiciary and other Federal
officers should be rescued from the dismal quarters in which they
are now located. San Francisco has contributed in customs dues
alone over P100,000,000 in the last fourteen years to the Federal
Government and is entitled to some consideration. If the work were
begun forthwith it would give employment to our people, which is no
small matter, in view of the times and the constant drain which the
Federal Government makes upon our resources. Respectfully,
given us his opinion, however, that the
engineers may defray their expenses out
of the general appropriation made for the
San Francisco building. We expect that
the examinacion of the lot will be resumed
immediately."
"Will new borings be made?"
"I don't know that they will be neces
sary," said Mr. Aiken, "but some of the
tests already commenced will be com
pleted."
"Will engineers be sent from Washing
' ton to Sun Francisco to make the exanii
j nation?"
"No, I think not," said the supervising
! architect, "'for there are now War Depart
ment engineers in California who will
probably bi called upon to do the work."
"Will there be any change in the design
of the building other than diminishing
the height of the towers," asked The Call
correspondent.
"Not many changes. The lower part of
the building will be ornamented and em
bellished a little more. The towers will
not be diminished to one half of their
present height as has been reported. The
plain part of the towers will be de
creased eighteen or twenty feet, but
the ensemble of the building will
remain the same as printed in The
Call. We are aware, of course, that
many criticisms of the building have been
made in California, and especially
by the San Francisco newspapers,
bet the the design meets with the
approval of architects. I submitted ten
designs of public buildings to architects in
Baltimore and New Yort a short time ago, •
and almost without exception they agreed ■
that the San Francisco 'buiiding design i
excelled any of the 'others. They pro- j
nounced it as: lendid desi-n. I feel sure
that the San Franciscans will approve of |
the building after it is erected. As for the :
interior arrangement, I shall have a talk j
with Judge McKenna when he comes to j
Washington to take his place in the new j
Cabinet. I shall consult him especially !
about the arrangement of courtrooms, as j
I have asked Judge Morrow and Postmas
ter McCoppin."
"Will you give to the press photographs
of the modified building?'
"No more pictures will be given out, for '
the modifications in the design will no' be \
great enough to make much change in the '
general appearance of the structure. The ;
supervising architect's office has been i
rushed with work, but we now hope io j
proceed a little faster, as we have secured I
an additional appropriation oi 5210,000,
which will enable us to employ more men. ;
It is my wish to push ahead the work on j
the San Francisco. I'ortland and Denver !
buildings as rapidly as possible, but I \
don't thinK it probable that the excava- j
tions for the foundation of the San Fran
cisco building can be commenced before |
midsummer of the present year."
|| Judge Maguire said to The Call cor- j
respondent to-night: "I am satisfied that '
the Treasury Department has been for a i
long time determined not to commence j
the construction of the San Francisco Post
office during the present administration.
Of course, that determination has not been
openly announced. Delays have been ex
cused on various grounds, such as the de
termination of Mr. Aiken to adopi a dif
ferent style of architecture from that of
O Rourke ; second, changes in the portions
of the building intended for the Federal
courts and tneii officers, and lastly, the
failure of the commission of army engi
neers detailed for the examination of the
foundation to make their report to the
Secretary.
'•Senators White and Perkins, Mr. Loud
ar»a myself and other members of the del
egation have repeatedly urged the com
mencement and speedy prosecution of
construction. We were at last met with
the statement that the engineers had ex
hausted the $3000 appropriated for the
examination of tne lot; that their exami
nation was not either complete or satis
factory, nnd that they could not make the
requisite report. We then sought to have
the necessary funds provided in the gen
eral appropriation bill, but before that
was accomplished and within the last few
days the department has decided to use
for that purpose so much of the appronri
ation made two years ago for construction
as may be necessary. I presume the en
gineers will immediately proceed to com
plete their examination and make their
report, but of course the report must be
made to the new Secretary of the Treas
ury. It is true that the department could
not proceed with the construction under
the law until the engineers had made a
full report on the foundation, but the Sec
retary's course in preventing the com
mencement of work on other public build
iiius throughout the country seems to
indicate a studied purpose to delay all
such work, including the San Francisco
Postoffice.
"Two years ago Mr. Carlisle was strongly
disposed to commence the construction of
the San Francisco Postoffice and told me
if I could secure an appropriation of
$50,000 in addition to $135,000 then on
hand with the right to make contracts for
construction payable in future years he
could proceed almost immediately to
bniid. That information was telegraphed
to San Francisco. One week later Secre
tary Carlisle drew from his desk a letter
containing clippings from two San Fran
cisco papers in which the site was posi
tively declared in one of them to be a bog
and in ihe other a swamp. One heading
read : "To build on the bog at last Mr.
Carlisle then positively declared that he
would not take the responsibility of build
ing on the site until it had been exam
ined and reported upon by competent en
gineers,saying that the Chicago Postoffice
experience must not be repeated. The
provision lor the examination by army
engineers was then put in the appropria
tion bill, and the report has not yet been
made."
Representative Loud said:
"I do not know the reason for delay,
but I think my colleague, Judge Maguire,
is right in his surmise that the Treasury
Department is procrastinating and is not
really anxious to pay money out of the
Treasury. I realize that it is hopeless to
attempt to get the present administration
Continued on Fifth Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORCING
OLNEY TO
ACTION
Three Cuban Resolutions
Introduced in the
Senate.
DEMAND FOR GENERAL
LEE'S REPORTS.
The Secretary Called Upon to
Transmit All 0 ficial
Correspondence.
SPAIN MUST RELEASE JULIO
SANGUILLY.
Foreign Relations Committee Reports
in Favor of Submitting an
Ultimatum
WASHINGTON. D. C. Feb. 24. —In
the Senate to-day, Allen (Pop.) of Ne
braska offerred tbe following resolution,
and asfced for its immediate considera
tion:
Bttolved, That It is the sense of the Senate
that the President should speedily and effect
ually protect the lives and liberties ot peace
able American citizens residing or sojourniug
in Cuba, and that he should promptly insist
that Spain in her war against her colonists on
the island should conduct the same on princi
ples of civilized warfare, eliminating all un
usual and unnecessary cruelty and barbarity;
and for the enforcement of the reasonable a id
just requirements United States battle-ships
should be sent without delay to Cuban waters.
Objection to the immediate considera
tion of the resolution was made by Sena
tors Gray (D.) of Delaware and Quay (R.)
of Pennsylvania and it went over until to
morrow.
Hill (D.) of New York offered another
resolution and it was agreed to without
objection. It was as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be and
he hereby is requested to transmit to the Sen
ate, either in open or secret session, as he may
prefer, all the correspondence and reports ol
the Consul-General of tne United States at Ha
vana relating to ail American citizens now in
prison in the Island of Cuba, not preyiously
reported on.
The third and most important proposi
tion on the subject ol the war in Cuba was
presented by Morgan (D.) of Alabama,
who said that he had been instructed by
the' Committee on Foreign Relations to
report a joint resolution "demanding the
release of Julio Sanguilly, an American
imprisoned in Cuba." As it was in bis
his own handwriting he read it to the
Senate, as follows:
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Repre
sentatives, that i he Government of the United
States demands the immediate and uncondi
tional release of Julio Sanguilly, a citizen of
the United States, imprisoned under charges
pending s gainsc him in ihe military and civil
courts of Cuba on alleged charges of rebellion
and kidnaping, contrary to the treaty rights
of each of the said Governments and in viola
tion of the law of nations. And the President
of the United States is requested to communi
cate this resolution to the Government of
Spain, and to demand of that Government
such compensation as he shall deem just /or
the imprisonment and sufferings oi Julio
Sanguilly.
"The committee thought," Mr. Morgan
continued, "hat it was its duty to request
the eariiest action on this joint resolution,
and inasmuch as some members of the
committee were absent at tne time, the
resolution was ordered to be reported. I
gift notice and call the attention of the
chairman of the Corcmittee on Foreign
Relations to it, that I will move to-morrow
morning to take up the joint resolution
for action."
Sherman (R.) of Ohio, chairman of the
Foreign Relations Committee, said: "The
resolution was agreed to unanimously by
the committee. I have no objection what
ever to letting it go over until to-morrow,
and I hope that the Senate will then act
upon it."
The joint resolution accordingly went
over until to-morrow.
CRITICAL 81 UATIUX AT HAVANA.
Wildest Humor* afloat and War With
Thin Country Expected.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 24.-A dis
patch to the Herald from Havana via
Key West says:
The situation here is critical. Every
soldier and every camp in Havana knows
of the threatened breaking off of relations
between the United States and Spain, and
they are preparing for it. The work upon
defenses is being pushed with great en
ergy, and it is rumored every five minutes
of the day that General Lee has received
his passports and that war is declared.
The position of our citizens is most crit
ical. The rumor, whether true or false,
has gone abroad that the American Gov
ernment would not intervene, that Amer
icans can be murdered with perfect im
punity so long as the trade interests of the
country are not interfered with. Unless
something firm and decisive and strongly
American is done by our Government in
Washington, Americans are in great dan
ger of their live?.
The murder of Ruiz and the demand for
the release of Scott are the sole topics of
conversation. The amusement and the
great hilarity which were to be observed
at the palace Tue3Jay have changed.
Minister de Lome has cabled the Captain-
Genera! that Lee will not be recalled, that
bis resignation is not accepted and that he
may be sustained. .
General Lee views the question from a
calm, dispassionate standpoint, and lie
authorizes me to express the hope that
the situation created by the murder of
Ruiz and his own determination not to
submit to another similar atrocity should
not be exploited by partisan advocatei a!2
any particular policy toward the island of
Cuba.
The issue he think 3is clear. It is
whether law-abiding American citizens
residing abroad are to be protected or
whether we are to serve notice that tbey
can be murdered and tortured with im
punity.
• For many months past General Lee has
satisfied himseli ana placed overwhelming
facts before our Government that not a
single provision of treaty rights is being
observed by the authorities of the island.
These incidents have been suppressed as
they occurred by the executive branch of
our Government, and General Lee could
do no more than fulfill his duty, which
' was to place the fads before the responsi
ble department of our Government.
Not a single one of these violations of
treaty rights, not to speak of the humane
laws which bind us all, has ever elicited
from the State Department a sign of life
or even acknowledgment that it had been
received.
This was the situation when the murder
of Dr. Ruiz took place. In tne case of
Ruiz General Lee had notified the de
partment that no charge had been
brought against the man within twenty
four hours afier his arrest, as the law re
quires, and he further notified the de
, partment that Ruiz was being kept in
communicado for a lougcr period than the
' Spanish code allows.
He took the same steps in the case of
Scott, and in every incident, step by step,
has pointed out the illegalities that have
characterized each and every proceeding
of the Spanish authorities here in their
treatment of American citizens.
These cablegrams have never been
answered one way or the other. Urgent
inquiries addressed to the department
asking for the opinion of the proper law
. officer of the Government upon the legal
questions of the cases as they arose have
never been noticed, until the conclusion
was forced upon General Lac that
in fulfilline his oath of office to protect the
lives and property of American citizens in
this, terror-stricken country, be would
have to rely only on his own resources,
and the respect and confidence of his fel
low-citizens.
At this juncture the Ruiz murder, which
he had foreseen, and of which he had fore
warned the Secretary of State, took place
General Lee investigated the terrible facts,
of this tragedy and without delay cabled
the department. For three days He re
ceived no reply.
General T/ee immediately decided to act
* as his sense of duty and responsibility
dictated and as his conscience told him
was right. He demanded the release of
Scott from the illegal restraint he was
suffering.
•He informed the department of the de
mand he had made. Ho told the Wash
ington authorities of the gravity of the
situation. He asked them to act promptly
to avert bloodshed and incalculable losses.
He asked that the warships might be
sent to Havana to sustain bio just de
mands and he concluded by saying:
"I will not and I cannot stand another
Ruiz murder."
He wrote that a week ago and he has
repeated it twice since by cable and by
letter.
Since Sunday night last both his
resignation and sequest for removal have
been in the hands of the State Depart
ment at Washington, and President
Cleveland has failed to accent the resigna
tion or order his removal.
General Lee has stated publicly his plat
form. He will not and he cannot have
another Ruiz murder. Ho cannot and
will not accept any share of the bloi-d
--guiltiness that will fall upon the American
Consul-General here who stands by and
raises not a finger to prevent the perpe
tration of such atrocities.
LEE'S JtLVOi* JS BUIUXti.
Cannot Jirar to Witness Indignftie*
Heaped Upon Hit Countrymen.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 24.— The Ha
vana correspondent of the Times, writing
under date of February 20, says:
General Lee to-day, in discussing his
course in connection with the arrest of
Americans, said :
"I am und'T orders from Washington,
and I must obey irstructions from head
quarters. The department authorizes me
to act a certain way, and I but carry out
my order*.
"I came here unprejudiced and deter
mined to form my opinions by what came
directly under my observation.
"From the moment I landed, my
American blood began to boil and if I stay
here much longer and am forced to wit
ness the indignities heaped upon my
countrymen without cause, it will liter
ally boii away. They trample on our flag
and hiss us on the streets.
"Americans are murdered and impris
oned, indignities are heaped upon our
women and every atrocity conceivable for
a Spaniard to put on Americans is thrust
upon us."
(TAXIS HAVAAA HUM HA HliUJi.
Plain 7aUi nt a Jtanguet of American
Vnpn- Matter*.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 24.— The
American Paper-makers' Association held
its annual banquet in the Hotel Waldorf
to-night and 250 members and guests were
present. An address whs made by Charles
A. Dana on "Paper and Press," and Mayor
Strong spoke on -'New York.'' '
Dr. Minct Savage aroused the greatest
embusiasm when he said ihat while ap
preciating tht honors of war and the ad
vantaces of ppace, still if It was true ihat
an American^had been murdered in Cuba
he hoped the Americans would send a
gunboat to bombard Havana if satisfac
tion was not given in twenty-four hours.
"We cannot afford to liaye it s^ald," he
added, "that there is a port in the world
where an American citizen is not safe.''
Addresses were also made by Colonel
H. A. Thomas of Boston and Theodore C.
bearch of Philadelphia.
CJSStSSO'S HEATH HEFOHXEIi.
A Rumor ' Ihnt Xt Sot Believed by
Cuban* in Havana.
NEW, YORK, N. V.. Feb. 25.-A dls
patcu to the Sun from Havana says:
La Lucha says that Salvador Cisneros y
Betancourt, President c* the republic of
Cuba, is dead. The correspondent of that
newspaper at Puerto Principe adds that
President Cisneros died of illness con
tracted after he had passed the Moron-
Jucaro trocha from the west in the last
days of January.
The report is not believed here by the
Cubans, and up to this time the Spaniards
have not announced it officially.
GEXISHAI, ZEE'S XICaiQXATJuN.
.Washington Official* Ar* Absolutely
numb on th« Subject.
WASHINGTON, , D. C., Feb. 24.-Ab
eolutely nothing that was not embodied
in these dispatches yesterday could be
obtained to-day at either the White House
or the State or Navy departments in re
gard to the threatened resignation of
Consul-General Lee at Havana. A rumor
that Admiral Bunce, or some of the ves
sels of his squadron, had been ordered
to Havana was brought to the attention
of prominent naval officers. . They de
II
FITZSIMMONS AND HICKEY ESSAY HARMONY.
All Is Not Work at the Sunny-Headed Fighter's Quarters at Cook's Ranch. The Sound of Melody
Can Nightly Be Heard Percolating Through the Frigid Ozone That Envelopes the Hos
pitable Ranch- House.
clined to discuss it, further than to say
that if such a course had been t«ken there
would be certain indications around the
department which would suggest its pos
sibility, but not the slightest movement
tending to show any ciange of policy on
the part of the administration in Cuban
matters had been manifested.
Jejrtins Intlonc //•«'* .telion.
AUSTIN. Tex., Feb. 24.— A resolution
was introduced in the House to-day and
referred to the Committee on Federal Re
lations, indorsing the action of Consul-
General Lee in protecting American citi
zens in Cuba, and demanding that the
United States Government shall give pro
tection to Americans in Cuba.
THE TOBACCO TRUST.
In the Nay York Investigation It Is Testi
fied That the Cigarette Output Has
Nearly Doubled.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 24— There
was a larire attendance of spectators thia
morning when tne joint legislative com
mittee resumed its investigation of trusts,
monopolies, etc. On calling the commit
teo to order Chairman Lexow said the
coal trust would be taken up to-morrow.
President Dnke of the American Tobac
co Company again took the stand. He
said the American Tobacco Company was
capitalized original.)- at $25,000,000, which
wa* aiterward increased io $29,835,000. I
Approximately the Duke Company and j
Allen & Ototer received $7,600,000. Kinm-y '
& Co., Kiniball & Co. and the Goodwin ,
Company $2,500,000, the Duke Company j
receiving $t>,000,000 for good will, such as |
patent.* and trademarks.
About $5,000,000 worth of *tock was j
issued for l;v*» assets of the various com- I
panics and ?20.000,000 for the good will, \
trademarks and patents. The witness |
said when tne *tock was increased to $29,
--835,000 there were about forty stockhold
ers; now there were between two and
three thousand.
He denied ttiat his company had secured
control of all the cigarette-making ma
chineb by combining with the other com
panies, lie said that prior to consolida
tion the live original companies employed
5895 hands, and in February, 1896. the
American Tobacco Company had99l4eni
ployes.
In reply to another question the wkness
9aid that common stock in 1894 paid 12
p«r cent, In lß'.^sit paid nothing, and in
1896 it paid 9 per cent in ca«h, and there
was also a surpins of $1,400,000. Tue wit
ness attributed the decline in the price of
the stock from 177 to 63 to unloading. He
said thai be had more of the stock now
than ever before. He declared that the
output in ciqaretus had almost doubled
since the consolidation.
Josiah Brown of Bpringfield, N. J., sec
retary of the American Tobacco Company,
was then culled, but his testimony was un
imnortant.
Francis B. Thurber of the American
Fubiisnine Company took the stand and
read a long statement concerning the his
tory of the trusts. Mr. Thurber said the
total result of the combinations intelli
gently administered were beneficial to (he
public at largo and to the laboring class.
He said there good trusts and bad trusts,
but the good ones predominated.
George B. Wheeler, a wholesale cigar
dealer from Svracu-t. the next witness,
testified that the American Tooacco Com
pany's factory agreement had wrought
him injustice in the fact that it refused to
sell him goods because he re! used to buy
exclusively from it. The jobber, be de
clared, could not do business without the
factory's agreement. The witness denied
that he was under salary with the Na
tional Cigarette Company, a competing
firm.
Counsel for the American Tobacco Com- |
pany, who was present, at this point de- I
dared that the witness was simpiy the
mouthpiece of the National Cigarette
Company who, he said, brought on all the
litieation against the American Tobacco
Company. The witness retorted that he i
was responsible for that litigation and not i
tha National Cigarette Company. The
committee adjourned until to-morrow.
Thurtton'* ..nii'/olion Minion
ST. JOSEPH, Mich., Feb. 24. — Ex-
Minister L. A. Thurston of Honoluiu,
Hawaiian Islands, arrived here this morn
ing with his wife, who will visit her
parents for several weeks. Mr. Thurston
left at noon for Washington and says that
he is on private business, but that be will
do all possible toward annexation of the
islands.
Cigar-Maker* Strike in Chienjo.
CHICAGO. 111., Feb. 24.— Four hun
dred of the 550 cigar-makers employed by
Eugene Vnilens & Co. struck to-day for
higher wages. Tlie men demand the
union scale.
Jl/otV* P. Handy* Son )>enit.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 24.— Moses P.
Handy Jr., son of Jtfoses P. Handy, the
well-knowu newspaper man, died tc-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1897,
WANT THEIR PAY
FROM THE STATE
Pressmen in the California
Printing Office Go on
Strike
Employes in Other Departments
Are Tbrcwn Into Enforced
Idleness.
Arrangements R-aclied by Which
the Legislative Prccndings dm
Ec Published.
SACRAMENTO. Cal,, Feb. 24.— At 2
o'clock this afternoon Foreman Rogers of
the State Printing Office notified the
bookbinders, typesetierd and oiher em
ployes that as the pressmen had walked
out and refused to work any longer be
cause they had been kept six weeks with
out pay, the office would be snut aown.
I: was apparent to all the employes thr,t
there was no need of setting up type
merely to tie it up with string aud let it
lie on the stones, and there was no mur
muring because of the action of the fore
man.
None of the employes had received a
dollar of pay during the past six weeks
and they were about tired of working for
nothing. Rent and butchers' bills were
accumulating and it was not very pleasant
for employes of the State to be forced to
have their warrants shaved by money
brokers while there was plenty of money
lying idle in the State treasury. Printers,
bookbinders, etc., are not allowed by the
rules of their unions to work for an em
ployer who has contracted the incon
venient habit of skipping pay days, and
they do not see w:.y the State, which is
well able to pay them, should be made an
exception to the ruie.
Foreman Ropers, bat in hand, made a
speech to the tifty and odd girls in tlie
bindery. He explained that the presa
nien had refused to worlc longer without
pay; that their action had blocked the
wheels in all the departments, and that
therefore all hands wouid have to be
laid off.
"Republicans and Democrats in the
Slate Capitol have been c'oinj; politics at
our expense," said Mr. Rogers, "aud we
have been Kept out of our money. You
must not understand this to be a strike.
The pressmen have refused to work, and
that, naturally, stops til work in the in
stitution. They have refused to go to
work until they shall be paid what is due
them by the State."
The pressmen went to work ibis morn
ing with the rest of the 300 employes, and
I at 8 o'clock, alter the journals of the
I Senate and Assembly and tne day's files
had been run through the presses they
put on their coats and walsed out. At
half past 12 o'clock they held a meeting in
Federated Trades faall and appointed the
j following committee, J. J. C. Fitzgerald,
| A. J. Galligan and EJ E.Hart, to wait
upon the State Board of Examiner* and
lay their case before tbat august body.
Another committee consisting of John R.
Welch, W. M. Thomas and John L. Hav
erlan, was detailed to notify sister unions
of the pressmen's strike.
The first-named committee ascertained
that Governor Budd and Attorney-Gen
eral Fitzgerald were in San Francisco, and
would not return until to-night. It in
terviewed Secretary of State Brown,
who assured them that he would cheer
fully sign any claim that they might make
for the wages due them.
H. H. Watts of Ban Francisco, district
organizer of tne International Typograph
ical Union, arrived on the 11:20 train to
day, but he found that his services were
not needed. The pressmen's union does
not worfc under a charier from the typo
graphical union, and he had no authority
to advise the strikers. The printers were
simply laid off, and Mr. Watts had noth
ing to settle in hi* official capacity.
Stale Printer Johnston informed n. Call
corre pondent that he had requested the
pressmen to remain at work until after
the meeting of the State Board of Exam
j iners to-morrow, but that they decided to
Igo out to-day. They thought that they
had remained in the office too long. Up
to date, including all claims, there is be
tween $38,000 and $40,000 due the office.
The Examiner of yesterday morning
contained an article charging that wbile
Johnston had used only a little more
stock and material than his predecessor,
Captain Young, his bills were much
larger in proportion to the quantity of
j material used up. Mr. Johnston, in reply,
i says that Captain Young did printing for
only forty different rublic institutions,
while Johnston does the printing lor
Sixty-one* Another important item, he
says, is the fact that the price of stock in
about one-tbtrd of what it was eight and
ten years a^o, and this fact will do away
with any apparent discrepancy on that
score. The State Printing Office now does
all the engrossing and enrolling of bills,
which work under Captain Yoang's ad
nnnisiration was done by clerks in the
Capitol. This work alone for the last
three sessions aggregated $ JO. 000 worth.
At 3:30 o'clock Mr. Johnston informed
the Assembly that Assembly bills Nos.
308. 122, 278, 8-5, 427. 440, 504. 310, 62, 653,
311, 297, 307, 281, 229, 312 and 174 could not
be engrossed because of the strike of the
pressmen.
When Governor Budd and Attorney-
General Fitzgerald arrived to-night they
were met by a deputation of pressmen,
who asked whether the two officials could
give them any direct assurance that their
wages would be paid. An answer was re
turned to the effect that the Board of Ex
eminers would approve of the payroll, and
with this assurance the pressmen seemed
to be satisfied. The State Printer himself
appealed to the men to-night not to ham
per the work of the Legislature, and the
result was that the pressmen agreed to go
to work to-morrow moraing on the jour
nals, the tiles and other necessary prfn ting
for the Legislature. As many compositors,
binders, etc., as may be necessary for this
work will be put on also.
The $40,000 which tbe Governor proposes
to allow, shouid the Legislature to-mor
row pas* such a bill, will pay the expenses
of the office up to Saturday night. As the
payroll alone aggregates nearly $6000 per
week, it is plain that all or nearly all the
employes would have to go home unpaid
next Saturday night, should the whole
force b» put on.
BVTtD WILL 2fOT Tlßr.lt.
Krfuir* to Jirrntnm*nd a $7&,OOO Aj>
projiriatiun for the Oflicr,
SACRAMENTO, Cai», Feb. 24—Gov
ernor Budd and Attorney-General Fitzger
ald arrived from Ban Francisco this even
ing and met at 9 o'clock with Secretary of
State Brown as tbe State Board of Exam
iners.
Messrs. Brown and Fitzgerald asked that
the State Pr.nter might be alloy/ed |75,000
to do tbe legislative printing for the re
mainder of the tisoal year, and to pay toe
claims already due, amounting next Sat
urday evening to about $45,000.
Governor Bndd said that be would re
fuse to sign any bill calling for more than
$40,000 lor legislative printing. The mat
ter of appropriating $35,000 additional
woula be taken up afterward, he Mid,
The constitution would not permit the
creation of a deficiency unless by unani
mous vote of the Board of Examiners.
The Legislature had power to provide for
iisownle islative printing. The Governor
thereupon introduced a resolution recom
mending that the Legislature make a pres
ent appropriation of $40,000 for legislative
printing.
The Attorney-General suggested that
the appropriation should be for $75,000,
sufficient to pay off the indebtedness of
the u fiice and run it until the end of (he
term, but tbe Governor thought that $40,
--000 was ample for legislative prinune
Secretary of State Brown, who was the
first to vote on the rollcall, voted "aye"
on the resolution. The Attorney-General
voted "no" and before tbe Governor's vote
aye could be recorded Brown remarked
tnat he thought that the vote was to be
unanimous, but if Judge Fitzgerald was
going to vote "no" he did not care about
voting at all.
"Suppose we make it $65,000," ha sug
gested. 6
•I think $40,000 is enough," said the
Governor.
Mr. Brown was considerably worked up
and made a remark to the effect that the
btate of California should not repudiate
its just debts, to which the Governor re
torted severely that the State of California
bad never repudiated its just debts.
"That may be true," replied Mr. Brown,
"bat I notice that it has done so on mere
technicalities."
"Don't you think," suggested the At
torney-General, "that in order to save
time, trouble and expensa to tue Legisla
ture it would be better to recommend an
■ mount sufficient to carry the office until
the adjournment of the Legislature?"
The Governor s«aid that he woulU neither
recommend nor sign a bill for more than
$40,000.
"It's no use to prolong this contro
versy," said Mr. Brown, taking his hat
and walking toward the door. "The Gov
ernor say* he won't sign for any more
than $40,000. and I'm going home."
"Record Mr. Brown as voting 4 aye' on
the resolution," said the Governor to Sec
retary Markley, "and I vote 'aye; 1 Gen
eral Fitzgerald votes 'no.' "
"No, I don't vote 'no,'" said the Attor
ney-General. "J don't wish to make any
recommendation whatever to the Legis
lature."
Governor Budd inquired of Assembly
man Leavitt whether he would recom
mend to tbe As-fimbly to-morrow the
passage of the $40,000 bill.
"No, sir," replied Leavitt; "you can ask
Mr. Stianahan to do that."
"Ob, tben you are making a matter of
politics out of this," said the Governor.
"No," replied Mr. Leavitt. "I believe
that the State Printing Office requires
$ 75, 000. and 1 don't want to recommend
any smaller amount."
Thwn Mr. Leav.tt, a little white about
the jti'ls, went out of the room.
The Governor announced that the board
would meet at 10 o'clock to-morrow to
investigate the $-35,000 bill.
• SEX ATE FKOCJUEDIXGa.
TTorle of a Day in the Uvjttr House of
the Lrgislatur*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 24.— Senator
Wolfe's motion to reconsider the bill em
powering the Attorney-General to bring
suit lor dissolution of corporations for
violation of provision, was defeated in the
Senate this morning, as was also the bill.
The bill increasing the powers of Arch
bishop Riordan of San Francisco was re
considered, amended so as to cover the
points raised by it* opposition yesterday
and finally passed.
Withington'r ufl > • 'ting defendants
in civil cases to f<> p al instead of
specific denials tr*> • . nsidered and
passed.
Smith moved nat an urgency file be
made up by the Senators U; morrow morn
ing to be consul..^u at lie evening ses
sion. Referred to »he i. 'mmittee on
Rules. ; i!
After a sharp dib*O; Bcri bill compel
ling foreign insurants cu^.tnies to de
posii 1200,000 w*t pAsaed )T a vote of 23
to 15.
The conference ec.-'.ur.is-ne appointed
on the matter oJ ".Tv&rilnsr the printing
office reporte-1 to t£** l>.isti this alter
noon, recomjnendis:,? iai the Senate re
cede from its uincnu-^tjnt to the investi
gation resolution providing for the ap
pointment of experts by the majority
only.
Afier discussing the matter at some
length the report was adopted.
The Lteutenant-Governor announced
that he had received a communication
from the State Printer refusing any
amended or enrolled bills, for the reason
that lie could not return them in the
statutory time.
The following Assembly bills were
passed: By Caminetti, permitting a
change of venue upon affidavit of the de
fendant of his belief that he will nut re
ceive a fair trial ; by Shanahan, relating to
the redemption of property sold upon
execution. Elliotts bill relating to the
management ana control of community
properly was defeated.
S. J. Jacobs was appointed bill clerk to
rill the place of George W. Roche, re
signed.'' .',..• ■ ..■ ■■■■. ...-., .-.>-• i
A resolution was adopted requesting the
Stale Printer to bind all Senate bills, as
introduced and amended, in volumes of
'200 pages each. •
A committee was appointed to confer
with a like committee from the Assembly
with a view to abrogating the joint rules
limiting the time for the introduction of
bills. ■ .
The Senate to-night parsed ihe follow
ing bills: Authorizing the Secretary of
State to employ an additional clerk
to keep accounts in the supply de
partment; providing against the ab
sence of officers from the State; fix
ing rules for determining questions
of residence; making it a misdemeanor to
infringe on trademarks by refilling or
otherwise; providing for the maintenance
of orphansand foundlings; regulating tbe
business of pawn brokerage.
Stratton's bill prohibiting the employ
ment of convicts in Stale prisons in the
manufacture of textile fabrics other than
jntegrnin bags and regulating the price of
sucn bags was refused passage.
Hail's bill authorizing the Harbor Com
mission to maintain a free market on San
Francisco water front was made a special
order for to-morrow morning.
ASSEMBLY ROVTIJiB.
Krltey- McLaurm Contest Decided in
Krlaey't Far or.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. 24.— 1n the
Assembly this morning a bill was passed
providing for the issue, sale or exchange
of funding bonds of irrigation districts
organized under and in pursuance of the
act of the Legislature approved March 7,
1887, and to provide for the payment of
such bonds. .
In the Keisey-McLaur«n contested elec
tion tne amendment to recommit to the
committee was lost by a strictly partisan
vote. After several dilatory motion* by
the minority the report of the committee
seating Kelgey (R.) was adopted by a vote
of 45 to 19 .Notice of recosnaeration was
given.
This afternoon the Assembly passed tbe
following Senate bills: Prohibiting the
appointment or election of receivers re
lated to a Judge; permitting tne convey
ance of community property by married
women, and limiting tiie time in which
action may be commenced by the hus
bind ior recovery thereof; providing for
the disposition of life estates in home
steads and community property upon the
death o' the owner.
A resolution to rescind the order given
to the State Printer for binding bills, as
introduced and amended, was lost.
The second-reading tile was then taken
up and the Assembly shortly afterward
adjourned.
The Assembly to-night passed the fol
lowing Assembly bills: Creating a public
school teachers' annuity fund; to pay the
claim of J. V. Hicks, on extradition of J.
L. Gibbs, from New York; enabling
cities incorporated under charters tp
disincorporate; constituting it a crime to
counterfeit trade marks and fixing penal
ties; appropriating $1535 55 for W. W.
Poote for legal seryicas m the case of
Lynch again- 1 Butid; to pay the
claims of tbe Report and Bulletin of Han
Francisco for advertising constitutional
amendments; prohibiting the placing of
advertisements on the United States flag;
giving preference to goods manufactured
or purchased within the State on public
contracts; paying the claim of Luke Cava
naueh for transcribing testimony for tne
Board of Henlth.
Born«m Hurntd at Citrplnteri*.
BANTA BARBARA, Cal., Feb. 24 —The
fine stable belonging to Joel Fithian at
Carpinteria, nine miles from thisciiy, was
oestroyed by fire yesterday morn
ing. Ten ralunb'e horse-, perished in tbe
flames. It is supposed the tire was the
result of incendiarism. Tne Sheriff has
sent a deputy to investigate. Tbe prop
erty destroyed included building, liorae»,
harness and vehicles valued at $LO,OOO. It
was insured for $1500.
The fac-simile z o^ '_*£&*% '■» "*' ** on ever 7 wrapper
signature of Quz//ffietftjfa of CASTOEIA.
SENATE SESSION
FULL OF INTEREST
Heated Discussion of the
Indian Appropriation
Bill.
Two Temporary Presiding O-'fi
cers Receive Rebuffs From
Angry Senators.
Pettigrew of Scuta Dakota Eitt rly
Scored by Hoar of M ssa
chuietts.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 24.— The
proceedings in the Senate were full of
interest from the opening to the closing.
No less than three propositions were
made in relation to Cuba — one by Senator
Alien (P.) of Nebraska, one by Senator
Hill (D.) of New York, ana one by Sen
ator Morgan (D.) of Alabama as the
unanimous report of ttie Committee on
Fcreipn Relations. It is in the form of a
joint resolution demanding the immedi
ate and unconditional release of Julio
Sanguilly, and compensation from the
Government of Spain for his imprison
ment mid sufferings. Morgan was backed
by the chairnif.n of the Foreign Relations
Committee, ar.d stated thai action on the
resolution wouid be asked to-morrow.
The Indian appropriation bill was taken
up, and two or three of tho committee
amendments to it provoked long and
rather angry discussion.
Remarkably enough, two of the tem
porary occupants of the chair received
stinging rebuffs from Senators — first, Per
kins (R.) of California from Alllen (Pop.)
of Nebraska, and afterward Hill (D.) of
New York from Pettigrew (Sil.)of North
Dakota. But the scene which attracted
the most attention was one in which Pet
tigrew and Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts
were the chief actors.
Pettigrew had made an attack upon
Chandler's com raittee amendment as the
large claim on ths Western Cherokees for
illegal services rendered to the Cherokees
by attempting to turn into ridicule the
New England sympatuy for the Indians,
and recalling tue cruelties practiced in
King Philip's war and by Miles Standish.
Chandler retaliated by inquiring from
Pettigrew where he was born — a question
which Pettigrew declined to answer, and
concerning which his conflict with Sena
tor Hill (in the chair) took place.
Hoar al«o indulged in some very scath
ing comments on Pettigrew, as one who
went "mousing" into ancestry to meet an
argument; as having studied more history
ior the purpose of his speech than he had
ever done before, and as belonging to the
species of Dirds which befoul their own
nests.
Morrill (R.) of Vermont withdrew the
notice which ue had given fora spe cii to
morrow on the Cuban question, his reason
being an unwillingness 10 occupy ths time
which should be given to appropriation
bills, and Allison (R.) of lowa, chairman
oi the Committee on Acpropriations, re
marked upon the backward condition of
the appropriation bills, and gave notice
thai irum to-morrow on late night ses
sions wuuld ba absolutely necessary.
At 11 a. m., which is to be the regular
hour of meeting for the rest of the session,
the Senate was called to order. House
bill to amend the postal lawß by providing
limited indemnity ($10) for loss of regis
tered mail matter was passed without
amendment. An effort was made by Dan
Nelson (R.) of Minnesota to have a time
fixed for taking the rote on the bank
runtcy bill, tut unanimous consent was
necessary and objection was made by sev
eral Senators.
Quay askel unanimous consent to take
up the Duiuih bridge bill, but objection
was made by Vilas (D. ) of Wisconsin and
a remonstrance was also made by Petti
grew (8.) of South Dakota, who unreJ the
necessity of proceeding with tho Inditn
appropriation bill. Thereupon the foimal
motion to take up the bridge bill wa<
made by Quay and was defeated — 17 to 29.
The Lnoian appropriation bill was taken
up, and Quay, under the range of debate,
renewed his proposition in relation to the
Dulntb bridge bill. A lively debate en
sued between Vilhs of Wisconsin and
Nelson of Minnesota. The bridge matter
tUt- u went over, and the consideration of
the Indian appropriation bill was pro
ceeded with.
A long discussion was carried on by
Senators Galltnger (R.) of New Hamp
shire, Allen (Pop.) ot Nebraska and Jones
(I) ) ot Arkansas, turning upon the ques
tion of overcharging tne Indians on
reservations for foods sold by Indian
traders. The conduct of Lieutenant-
Colonel Freeman in suppressing a news
paper published in tbe Osage Nation was
argued pro and con by the two last
namsd Senators, Allen taking the ground
that the action was despotic and illegal,
and Jones excusing it for the reason that
the newspaper in question had teen pub
lishing articles against the Indian
school-.
Tbe only incident worthy of notice oc
curred when the char was occupied by
Perkins (R.) of Caliornm. Allen had
been making a long speecn, when Gal
iinper, interrupting, address d the chair.
"Does the Senator from Nebraska yield
to the Senator from New Hampshire?"
asked the presiding officer,
"It is the Senator from New Hamp
shire," Galiint;er pat in, "who has yielded
to the Senator from Nebraska."
"How Jong does the Senator yield?" the
pre-iding officer asked, with an uumlstafc
ablf- toucb 01 sarcasm.
"I do not know," Allen broke in angrily.
"What concern is it of the presiding offi
cer how long the Senator yields? lam
not here to be badgered by the presiding
officer oi the Senate, and I hope it will
not occur again."
TThe presiding officer took no notice of
this angry outburst and Allen went on
with bis speech, which he closed with the
contemptuously uttered words: "With
my thanks to the chair for tbe courtesy
which I have received, I yield the floor."
The committee amendment for the pay
ment of $50,000 to t;je Pawnee tribe of In
dians out of their trust land money on de
£o31 1 in the treasury was agreed to — ayes
I. noes 16.
A long controversy arose over the old
question of attorneys' fees on the Western
Cnerotee trust funds to the amount of
$800,36!), the committee amendment pro
posing to confer jurisdiction of the subject
on the Court of Claims.
The amendment was severely criticized
by Chandler, who wai iesponded to by
Pettigrew (silver) of Soutn Dakota in
charge of the bill. H«s -poKe of New
England's solicitude lor the poor Imlia-i
as a reversal ol what New England had
done in her early history against the
Indiana. The blot on the early history of
the Anglo-Saxon race, he asserted, was
the treatmentof the Indians by the people
of Massachusetts.
"Where was the Senator born?" Chan
dler asked in dersive tones.
"I judge from the Senator's manner,"
Pettigrew responded, "that he can answer
bis own question. It is therefore unneces
sary for me to inform him." (The C<>n
gressional Directory stives Pmiigrew's
birthplace as Ludlow, Vt.)
The presiding officer (Hill of New York)
remarked with mock gravity : "The Sena
tor from South Dakota declines to state
where he was born." [Great laughter].
Pettigrew (indignantly)— Tiie remark of
the chi<ir is of course voluntary on hi*
part and Is a little out of the order. Bu>k
as the Sonator from New York will not bff
long with us, we can endure almost any
thing from him. [Laughter]
The presding iliicor — The Senate will
have to endure the Senator from South
Dakota. [Laughter],
Pet'.igrew's sueecu was replied to by
Hoar, who spoke of it with a great show
of indignation as a "mousing into the
ancient history of New England, 1 ' and
sugge-led that the "per.-on who bad ju-t
spoken" had studied more history for is
speech than he hnd done in all his life
before. [Laughter.]
The treatment oi the Indians by Miles
Standisb, Hoar said, bad occurred
years ago, and yet that was the only argu
ment that the Senator from Soutn ihikota
had been able to make to oppose the at*
tack upon the amendment.
"I can only.' 1 Hoar added (facing Petti
grew and speaking with all the scorn ha
could lend to hi* language), "pity the man
who can find in history nothing t>ut toe
material for befouling the very nest in
which he was born."
Afier this stormy session no attempt
was made to get a vote on the amend
ment.
A conference report on the bill to amend
the act repealing the timber culture . a v.s
was presented and a reed to.
A disagreement of the conference on the
army appropriation bill was reported,
and a new conference was ordered.
The postoflice appropriation bill was re
ported and placed on the calendar.
Morriil (R.) of Vermont withdrew the
notice which he had given of his purpose
to address the Senate to-morrow on the
Cameron Cuban resolution, giving as Ihb
reason his unwillingness to interfere with
the appropriation bills and expressing a
whether they could all get through.
Following is tie status of the gr^at ap
propriation bills passed and signed by the
President: The pension appropriation
bill, the urgent deficiency bill, the military*
academy bill and the executive appropria- 1
tion bui. In the hands of the President—/
The diplomatic and consular appropria
tion bill. In conference — The army ap
propriation and the agricultural appro
priation bill (conference report pending
in the House). Under consideration in
the Senate— The Indian bill. On the Sen
ate calendar— The postofflce appropriation
bill. Before the Senate Committee on
Appropriations — The fortifications bill, the
District of Columbia appropriation bill,
the sundry civil appropriation bill and the
general deficiency appropriation bill.
The Senate at 6:30 p. m. adjourned until
to-morrow.
McKinley lhanki Governor Bushneill-
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Feb. 24.— Governor
Bushnell saii to-night that he had re
ceived a letter from President-elect Me-
Kinley, thanking him for the appointment
of Chairman Hanna to succeed Senator
Sherman, which he had promised to
mako. Major McKinley says in tbe letter
that he regards tbti appointment in part
a special favor to him, as he joined with
Senator Sherman in asking that Chair
man Hanna be appointed to the vacancy.
South Dakota I a mil D Asphyxiated.
LAKE TRESTOX, S. Dak., Feb. 24.—
August Hansen, his wife and five chil
dren, living six miles Irom Oldham, were
found last night unconscious, probably
from flax straw gas and smoke from their
stove. The wife and four children have
since died and Hansen is in a critical
condition. One boy is recovering.
Heir Born to the JUcCortnich*.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa, Feb. 24.— A
son was born to-night to the family
of Harold F. AlcOrnaick.who was married
on November 26 1895. to Mis 3 Edith Rocke
feller, second daughter of Jomi D. Rucke
telier of New York.
Mii-j Fire in St. £MX.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Feb. 24.— A tire this
morning destroyed the top floor of
the Merchants' Exchange building, which
was occupied by the St. Louis Clearing
house. Loss, $100,000.
Join* the Great Chorus.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 24.— Charley Cai
iendar, the famous old-time minstrel, died
in a lodging-house here to-night.
YOUR NERVES
Are All Over Your Body.
WHEN YOU HAVE A NERVOUS TWITCH-
ingot the month and of the nasal lassages.
It is these nerves which yon see here rerre.entel
thai are illsorQ"re.l. 'ihese nerves originate in the
brain, and are distributed to the tongue, nose and
lips, bomttliups they ar« tbe very nerves that
till a tale of deca. . Tl.ete are tne nerves that
begin to twitch beiore the other nerves show any
sign of loss of power, .sooner or later, however,
those who exhaust the vita forces of lite by over-
work, over-exertion or abase will discover the
Inroads created by these exhausting debilitated i
losses, and will note the nerves oi the face, of the I
mouth and of the eye to twitch. When you begin I
to note these disorders It is time to use the grand!
remedy-treatment or the old Hudson.an doctors
"HUDVAS" 's ;he nan c of this remarkable dis-
covery. It has been used by men in every little
town, every little village, every little hamlet on
the Pacific Coast. It has been used by married
men ami by single men. and it has b en praised by
all alike. **X UUYAN" cares spermatorrhoea. fail-
Ing manhood, disorders and disabilities of man. 11
you want to be cured consult th» Hudson doctors,
or write for CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS.
BLOOD POISON*. When your blocd is out
of order, whet) your blood
BLOOD POISON, is tainted, you will notice
that your hair is tailing
BLOOD POISON, out, your breath is often.
„ ««»» i**. ~ BiTe> our tongue isswol-
BLOOD POISON, len, your throat is sore.
„ You have lumps about
BLOOD POISON, your body. You have
_• „; glandular lumps. Yot>
BLOOD POISON, have B pots on votir body—
___^^ 1. Copner-colo ed soots. It
BLOOD POISON, msy be in the first, sec-
_ w _.„ onuary or tertiary state.
BLOOD POl«ON". The best cure is the 30-
-_ '_. day cure. Consult the
BLOOD POISO.v Hudson 'Kctors about the
»mr.i* 3;>-duy cure, or write for
BLOOD POISON. SO-daycure circulars free.
„.,_. HUDSON MEDICAL IN-
BLOOD POISON. STITUTE, Stockton, Ellla
and Market Streets.
Be Advised by. the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by. the Hudson Doctors Fret.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advise ! by the Hudson Doctors Frea.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free,
Be Advised by th<j Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advise", by the Hudson Doctors Free.
- Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free, i
Me Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free. I
Baja California '
Dam iana Bitters
Of both sexes, and « great remedy for dUexses >'
of both sexes, and h great remedy ?oi SSI
the kidneys ; and bladder. A ereat Rea?o«tiVa
1 nvigorator and Nervine. Sells o"u 3 own VerU*
no long-winded testimonials nece-sary ■
NABKK, AUS & BBDNK, A ent»
823 Market St., S. l\-(s nd ior circuiarlFLAMES RAVAGE
CRETE'S CAPITAL
Governor's Palace Burned
and Incendiarism
Is Rife.
Last Vestige of the Turkish
Government's Machinery
Destroyed.
Queen Olga Pr. udiy Declines an Honor
Conf rrcd by tfce Russian
Government.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 24.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Canea giving a vivid description of
the burning of the Governor's palace there
to-day.
Vice-Adiral Canevare of the Italian
squadron, who is in command of the
united naval forces in Cretan waters, re
sided in the palace, which w#s guarded by
a strong force of Italian sailors. The
energetic efforts of the British ma
rines, who form a part of the
foreign force occupying the town,
and which were continued for three hour?,
alone saved the ihickly populated dis
tricts in which the palace was located
from destruction. Detachments of sailors
from the warships in the harbor were
landed, ami rendered valuable aid in
fighting the flames.
The fire destroyed the last vestice of the
machinery of tee Turkish Government.
All of the records were consumed as well
as contracts and financial, le^al and
municipal documents. While the
palace was burning the Moslem
rabble set fire to several houses
in tbe towns and suburbs. -The Monte
negrin police, who patrolled the town, ex
tinguished These fires when it was pos
sible for them to do so, but three large
houses beloncing to Christian merchants,
who were absent, were destroyed.
The Moslems are much excited, and
more incendiarism is expected. In the
event of the setting on rire of several
buildings in different sections at the same
time the force of sailors and marines now
in the town would be insufficient to cope
with the fires.
The representatives of the powers, it is
stated, wi 1 not attempt to fulfil! tiieir en
casements to preserve the safety of the
town. They will protect the Turks and
Turkish property, and will neglect the
Christians and their belongings.
No strong efforts were made to save the
three houses before mentioned, and in
view of this apathy it would not be sur
prising if the Moslems should Degin a
course of wholesale destruction of the
property of absentees.
A dispatch from Canea to a news agency
here says the situation in that town caases
much anxiety. The Mussulman populf.ce
are armed and gieatly excited. Turks
have been parading tne streets, exhibiting
their indignation i:i various ways.
Tiie situation at Selino, the disuatch
pay?, is serious. The Benghazi Arabs
threaten to burn the entire town. The
suggestion of the Consuls that a mixed
force be landed in order to allow ta«
besieged Moslems to retreat has not been
adopted, the foreign admirals having de
cided 10 confine their action to the send
ine of warships to exercise a moral in
fluence upon the contending parties,
whom it seems, however, there is little
hot>e of reconciling.
The Daily News will publish to-mor
row a dispatch from its correspond
ent at Vienna saying it is reported
that Olga of Greece, hav
ing been appointed an honorary admiral
of the Russian fleet, has returned the in
signia of tbe posiuon to St. Petersburg,
•deciannz that she is unable to hold the
rank since the Russian fleet has tired upon
Greek subjects and orthodox Chrisiians.
The Timss to-morrow will print a dis
patch from Constantinople saying that
Emperor William of Germany has again
wired to the Sultan assurances of his
friendship and support.
The Daily New? to-morrow will say that
the stßiem s nt to be made in Parliament
by Lord Salisbury and Mr. Balfour regard
ing the Cretan situation are to the effect
that the powers b:ive aereed to Lord Salis
bury's proposal* iind have decided to lib
erate Crete from direct Turkish rule.
Tlie Standard to-morrow will publish
an Athens dis-ptrch «nyinjr it is stated
there upon authority that the Greek Gov
ernment rejects the proposals of ihe
powers to establish autonomy in Crete and
proposes 10 persevere iv the policy adopted
by King George. The dispatch also «<ays
th a the official report of the engagement
which took place outside of Canea last
Friday states mat 50 Greeks were killed
and 150 captured.
To-morrow the Times will nub ish a dis
patch from Canea confirming the report
of the dangerous situation which exists in
the town, owing to the lack of proper
control.
Tnere is a strong suspicion, the dis
patcii says, that the tire that destroyed
the Governor's palace was of incendiary
origin. Band* daily make excursions to
the Haiepa district for tbe. purpose of
looting the houses of Christians which
have been destroyed.
A report has been received from the
commander of the British warship lying
off Titia, at tlie eastern extremity of the
island of Crete, faying that the report of
a massacre of Moslems at that place is
utterly untrue
The Standard to-morrow will publish
a Constantinople dispatch saying* it
is reported that at the council
held at the Yildiz Palace yester
day it was decided »o make prepara
tions for the eventnal advance upon
Athens of three columns comprisinc six
divisions of infantry. A note to the Greek
Government would prfcede the advance,
demanding theevacuation of Crete within
certain period and threatening that if this
demand was not complied with that the
Ottoman troops would cross the frontier.
The dispatch also says that the Minister
of Marine hai pledged his word that he
would have thirteen warships ready ior
action within a week.
Wilitary preparationsjlare being pushed
with unparalleled activity. Reports from
various sources state that energetic prepa
rations are being carried on day and night,
although many of the instructions issued
are impossible of execution and an ugly
feeling of unrest prevail".
AX If>CIDJ£.\T OF .THE FIRE.
JHot Xearlu Precipitated. fry an -At
tempt to Rob a Rnftt. '
ATHENS, Grece. Feb. 24 —A dispatch
from Canea- says that during the fire in
the Governor's palace to-uay the Gover
nor's safe fell from the floor on which it
stood into the ruins and tnirst open. The
safe contained £7000 in Turkish money.
The soldiers who had gathered ahout
the burning building and were engaged in
trying to extinguish the flames, seeing
the contents of the safe exposed tried to
steal the money, but were prevented by the
European officer*, who directed the sailors
under their command to tire a volley of
blank cartridges at the would-be robbers.
The incident nearly caused a riot between
the Turks and Europeans.
lsmael Bey accused the sailors of plun
dering the palace and an investigation
was at once begun by the admirals of the
foreign ships. The inquiry proved that
the charges against the sailors were en
tirely without foundation.
ivuKisH jV/.k em or eh.
So Hay the fint Lord of the British
Admiralty.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 24.— 1n a speech
to-night Right Hon. George Goschen,
First Lord of the Admiralty, defended the
action taken by Great Britain in regard to
the Cretan affairs.
Lord Salisbury and the First Lord of
the Treasnry. Mr. Balfour, he announced,
would make clear statements in Parlia
ment to-morrow regardiner the future of
the island.
Meanwhile, he declared, no one who
had read the declarations of Mr. Balfour,
M. Hanotaux, the French Minister of
Foreign Affairs, and Baron Marachall yon
Bieberstein. the German Foreign Minis
ter, wilt believe it possible that Crete Hill
ever return to the rule of Turkey.
BRYAN VISITS THE HOUSE.
Beam ng With Smites He Responds to the
Warm Greetings of Friends From
His Old Seat.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 24— The
appearance of William Jennings Bryan,
the Democratic candidate for President
last fail, upon the floor of the House was
the most noticeable event of to-day's ses
sion. He had the entree of the floor as an
ex-mpniber, and came into the hall at 4:40
o'clock, about an hour after his arrival in
the city. His appearance evoked applause
from many members, a few of whom gave
vocal expression to their pleasure. From
his old seat be responded to the greetings
of his friends and acquaintances, his face
beaming with smiles. Among those who
shook his hand was General Grusvenor
(R.) of Ohio, who extended a warm greet
ing o the ex-member. Before leaving Mr.
Bryan paid his respects to Speaker R*ed.
Nearly two hours were spent in the <i is- j
cussion of a recommendation by the Com- j
miitee on Accounts authorizing the prepa
ration of a diaest of election contests in
the Fifty -tiird and "Fity - fourth Con
gresses, to cost $2500 and to be prepared
by the clerks of tbe Committees on Elec
tions. This was urged by the chairman
of the Elections Committee, bat it was
finally referred to the Committee on
Printing.
The conference report on the bill to de
fine the rights of purchasers of the prop
erty of the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad
Company wns agreed to.
Grout (R. ) of Vermont presented the re
oort of the sp?ctal committee appointed \
I to, investigate the management of the
| Leaven worth Soidiera' Home, which was
ordered printed.
A message was received from the Presi
j dent containing the report of tne joint
| committee appointed under the agree
i ment between the United States and Great j
: Britain in 1592 for surveys of waters con- I
: tigunus to the United states an I Canada, j
The rest of the day w*s spent in the j
consideration of business relative to the j
District of Columbia. The most imf
portant measure passed wan. the Senate i
biil making the Potomac Park oat of
Potomac Flats land reclaimed from the
water in the Potomac River.
At 5 o'clock toe House adjourned.
BItYAS JtAyQUJCTIstr.
Senator* and Jtepresentative-i of All
I'nrtien at the Fcttire lionrd.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 24.— Hon.
John K. McLean, who was a prominent
candidate for the nomination for Vicn-
Presiiient at the Chicago convention, en
tertained the Hon. William J. Bryan, the
late candidate for President, at a dinner
to-night. There were no politics con
nected with the affair, both Republicans
and Democrats being present. No speeches
were made.
Among those present were: Vice-Presi
dent Stevenson; Senator* White of Cali
fornia, Git* of Delaware, Butler o! North
Carolina, Push of Alabama, bacon of
Georgia, Chilton 6f Texas, Murphy of New
York, Gailinger of New Hampshire,
Daniel of Virginia, Blanchard of Lwuisana,
Cockrell of Missouri, Jones of Arkansas,
G.bson of Maryland, Bate of Tennessee,
Teller of Colorado, Morgan of Alabama,
Blackburn of Kentucky, Stewart of
Nevada, Turjiie of Indiana, Gorman of
Maryland, Cameron of Pennsylvania,
Kaulkn'r of West Virginia, Hill of
New York, Senator-elect Money of Mis
sissippi. ex-Senator Davis of West Vir
ginia, Representatives Cumming* of New
York, Newiands f>f Nevada. Grosvenor of
Ohio, Berry of Kentucky, Sorg of O io,
Richardson and McMillin of Tennessee,
the Russian Minister. Mr. Hntchins of the
Washington Times, P. V. DeGraw of the
United Associated Presses, Charles J. Eell,
chairman o\ the Inaugural Committee. W.
R. Morrison of the Interstate Commerce
Commission and many others in po
litical and social station.
IXTEItESTS TUti COAST.
Probable Sticcfiaor* of Judge* JltcKenna
and Horn — /'«u«to>i<.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 24.— 1t is
the general belief in Washington that
District Judge Morrow will succeed Me-
Kenna, and thai ex-Supreme Court Judge
John J. de Haven will succeed Judge
Morrow.
The name of M. M. Estee has been men
tioned and his name wiJl be presented to
the California delegation by Renresenta
iive H.lborn. Judge Van Fieet's is the
only other name suggested.
A posioftice was to-day established nt
Bruceville, Sacramento County. and
Charles F. Waither was appointed post
master.
tensions — Cali'ornia: Original — Ira
Wentworth, Qoincv; El ward Brit 'on.
Veterans' Honia, Napa; John L. Mer
riam. South itiverM te. Increase— Henry
I. Lymnn, Veterans' Home, Napa. Re
issue — Thomas Mead, Falibrook. Origi
na widow — Caroline Lyon?, Vallecito.
Oregon: Original— Hen*y K. Lawton,
Florence; James Conner, Portland.
Washineton: Original— Robert Reed,
Preston; John W. Parker, Fremont. In
crease—Jesse Bright, Tacoma. Original
widow— Charlotte A. Haii, Spokane.
VLB FEZ, AM ir s KSUZXEER.
Will Decide IHiputed Boundary Points
in Cenlrnl America.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 24 —Presi
dent Cleveland has completed the com
mission which, according to the treaty en
tered into between the countries, is to
mark the boundary line between Costa
Rica and Nicaragua which has so long
been in dispute and which win submitted
to his arbitration during his first admin
istration. He then decided upon a bound
ary line, and by a treaty concluded at Sal
vador last summer it was provided that
each side should appoint surveyors to
mark the line and that President Cleve
iand should designate an engineer to de
cide upon any points of disagreement that
might arise between them.
Cleveland has appointed E. P. Alexan
der of Georgetown, S. C, as the engineer
commissioner for this purpose. It is un
derstood that this selection gives com
plete satisfaction to the Governments in
volved.
Beecham's Pijlls for biomacli and Liver ills.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1897.
ALARMING RISE OF
THE OHIO RIVER
Sixty- Foot Stage Reached
at Cincinnati This
Morning.
Over a HiiDdred Families Home
less and as Many More Are
in Peril.
la Kentucky the Cumberland Is R-m
pant and Several Lives Havi
Been Lost.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Feb. 24.— Reports
to-nigbi from Pomeroy, Ironton and
Portt mouth are that all the business por
tions of these places are submerged, and
many families are sleeping in public balls,
schoolbouses and churches.
The Ohio River is still rising here at the
rate of two inches an hour, which has
been the rate for the twelve hours preced
ing 8 o'clock to-night, at which hour 58
feet 5 inches was the stage. Al
thouch the river is falling at Fimbure, it
will take until Friday or Saturday for the
crest of the rse to pass here under the
most favorable circumstances. The 63
--foot stage will be reached early to-morrow
morning. The chief signal service officer
predicts that the 60-foot stage will be
the limit. Other experienced men say
the water will go considerably higher than
that.
Merchants on East Front street who
would be driven out by sixty -two feet are
making no attempt to move their goods.
The gymnasium grounds, the baseball
park, the Ludlow Lagoon and Cooney
Island are all more or less under water.
The expensively constructed Gest-street
tunnel und bridge is being rapidly under
mined and is in great danger. All of the
railroads have now abandoned Union
Central Station and are using a tempor
ary depot at Eighth street. Forty families
applied at one charitable institution to
day for relief on account of the high water
driving them from home. Dayton and
Bellevue on the Kentucky side have been
cut off lrom streetcar connection at New
port, and travel is now by flat boat. The
western part of Newport is suffering
greatly.
The police reported at 8 o'clock to-night
that over 100 families had been driven
from their homes by the water, and that
j the GO- foot stage, expected by morning,
i would reach as many more. The police
| force of Newport is now largely occupied
I in patrolling the submerged districts in
! skiffs. Public halls an t churches may be
■ thrown open, but so far the sufferers have
j all beer, taken care of. At Riverside the
I Town Hall has been opened for flood suf
j ferers, but only a few have asked for its
! snelter.
LOUISVILLE. Kt.. Feb. 24.- Reports
j of loss of life in the Eastern Kentucky
I flood continue to come in. James M. Mor-
J gan, wife and child were drowned in Floyd
j County by the overflowing of Beaver
j Creek, which destroyed their home. Ei
i der Morton, a Mormon missionary, was
J drowned near Mount Elkuorn. An un
: known woman was drowned in Leslie
County, and in Jackson County Henry
Holcomb lost his life while trying to ford
. a stream.
At Barbourville the Cumberland River
has forced a third of the population to
move out.
SLASHES HEX WITH A KXIFE.
Atrociout Attack of a Husband Upon
Hi» Wife.
ATLANTA, Ga., Feb. 24.— H. P. Coor,
a one-armea Confederate veteran, who re
sides in this city, Monday night sent
word to his wife, with whom he bad
parted on bad terms a few days ago, that
he was dying and begging her to come to
bis bedside.
She complied with bis request, and as
she leaned over his prostrate form he
arose suddenly in bed and made a terrific
lunge at his wife's throat with an open
cla««pKnife. The knife sank into the
woman's neck just below tbe jugular vein
and marie a gasn six inches iong under
tbe chin.
Her *creams brought neighbors to her
assistauce. and she was carried to a drug
store, where later her husband made an
other ineffectual effort to kill her.
CooK comes from one of the first fami
lies of Somh Carolina. He fought all
through the war, was honorably dis
charged and is a man of line education.
The ciuse of his separation from his wife
an<t of his murderous attack upon her is
not known. He is in jail and she is in
tbe hospital with slight chances of re
covery.
MORE KOHL, Its TV COIiQUBK.
C. P. IJunttngfnn and Aanodatet Buy
n Mexican JtnUrnad.
CITY OP MEXICO, Mexico, Feb. 2i.—
The Mexican Government has received a
formal offer lrom a syndicate of American
capitalists headed by C..P. Huntin^ton
for the purchase of the National Tehuan
tepec Isthmus Railroad.
The road has been losing money for the
last two years owing to serious loss by
washouts, and the Government will prob
ably accept the syndicate's proposition,
although an offer from Huntington was
refused about three years ago.
Huntington will . operate the road in
connection' with the Pacific Mail steam
ships.
< IIISAUAS IK 4 PVORHOVSE.
The Jtirat Cam of th* Kind on Record in
Af« 1 nri:.
NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. -What
the officers say is the first case on record
where a Chinaman applied for admission
to the poorhouse was witnessed yesterday
in the Lee-avenue Police Court, Williams
burg. Hi Wont, 51 years old. who has
been in this country twenty -seven years,
was the applicant.
• Wong says he has been unable to pro
cure employment; toat the laundry busi
ness is ruined by the hard times, a*nd that
for the past three weeks he has been liv
ing on the charity of his countrymen.
His request was complied with.
••JHtS FIQUTIXO ADMIRAL."
Xoted Chilenn Studying Ararat Condi
tion* in Thin Country."
NEW YORK. N. V. 1 , Feb. 24-Ex-Presi
dent Mqntt of Chile, known in his country
as . the "Fighting Admiral," reached "this
city on the steamship Altai of the Atlas
line and will make the Fifth-avenue Hotel
his headquarters for the next two months.
Senor Montt's visit is official. He is in
the United States, in bis capacity of vice
admiral of Chile to study the United
States * navy, with the view of facilitating
improvements already projected in the
navy of that country. The Chilean ; vd~
miral is accompanied in his travel by
Captain Luy Gomez of the Chilean cruiser
Bianco Encalada.
The vice-admiral explained the purpose
of his visit to this country. "I shall
remain here two months." said he, "learn
ing what I can about the United States
navy and methods of iiaval construction.
What I do will be done informally and
with as much expedition as possible. I
intend after leaving this cobntry to co to
England, France, Germany, Spain, Italy
and possibly Greece ana Turkey to study
naval conditions there as I study them
here."
HcKINLEY COULDN'T COME.
Illness Prevents Him Attending a News
paper Banquet at Canton, but He
Sends a Letter.
CANTON, Ohio. Feb. 24.— A banquet
was given the newspaper correspondents
to-night who have been in Canton during
and since the campaign. Major McKin
ley, who was prevented by illness fiotu
being present, sent the following auto
graph letter of regret:
Your kind Invitation to be present at your
farewell dinner has been received, but it is
impossible for me for once to comply with your
wishes. Accept my cordial regards and earnest
desire for your present and future health,
prosperity and happiness. Whatever have
been your embarrassments of the year during
your campaign or after since first our acquaint
ance and association began I cheerfully bear
witness to your uniform consideration and
courtesy and especially your great industry in
the work, devolving upou you. The liie of a
newspaper man is alwayß busy and I know
you will make it useful and elevating so far as
in you lies. Wishing you a pleasnnt evening
and believing you will carry to your homes
many kind recollections of Cantou and her
hospitable people, 1 am, very truly yours.
William McKinley.
M. A. Hanna sent the following tele
gram: "I offer the sentiment which re
quires you all to look at the gaslicht
through the bottom of your {classes: 'To
my co-workers and friends of the press a
reward for ability and integrity.'"
SHE IS A BARONESS NOW.
Two Ceremonies Unite in Wedlock the Gsr-
man Minister to Mexico and Miss
Ledyard of Detroi'.
DETROIT, Alich., Feb. 24.— The mar
riage of Barm Clemens August yon Ket
teler. German Minister to Mexico, to Miss
Mathilda Cass Ledyard, daughter of
Henry B. Ledyard, president of the Mich
igan Central Railroad, occurred at high
noon to-day, a specJHl dispensation for the
church wedding having been granted by
Archbishop Martinelli.
Miss Ledyard's only attendant was Miss
Amy McMillan, daughter of Senator Mc-
Millan.
Baron yon Ketteler was attended by
Mr. yon Bruening, the second secretary
of the German legation at Wafhington.
Among the out-of-town cuests who wit
nessed the ceremony were Baron Thiel
niann, the German Embassador at Wash
ington ; Mr. and Mrs. R. R. Cnlgan nnd
Mr. and Mrs. L. C. Ledyard of New York
City, Mrs. Daniels of .Providence, Mrs.
Arthur Altis of Chicago, and Mrs. F.
\V. Goddard of Colorado Springs.
A weddine breakfast was served at the
Ledyard home aft r the ceremony.
The civil ceremony was performed at
the home of the bride's father yesterday
afternoon.
CAXAOA SCHOOL QVESTIOX.
The Archbishop Sow Exptcta JSo Govern-
mutt farori
CHICAGO, Ul., Feb. 24.— A Times-
Herald special from Winnipeg, Manitoba,
says: Arch b shop Langevin, head <f the
Roman Catholic church in this country,
announces that in view of the terms of
settlement of the parochial school ques
tion entered into by the Manitoba and
Dominion Government, he cannot hold
out further hone^o the Roman Catholics
of obtaining justice from Government
sources.
He has. therefore, decided at once to
reorganize the Roman Catholic School
Board, abolished by the Manitoba School
Board in all districts. His Grace hopes to
maintain Roman Catholic schools In
voluntary contributions here and in East
ern Canada. An assessment will be levied
on all Roman Catholic clergy and brothers.
His Grace announces the appointment of
a superintendent of Roman Catholic
education.
AM £1- A VDIIOH AKRESTED.
Eugene Moore of Aebraika Charged
With Embezzlement of State Fund;
LINCOLN, Nebr., Feb. 24.— Criminal
action was begun this afternoon against
Eugene Moore, ex-Auditor of State, for
the embezzlement of $25,000 of State
money, being insurance fees collected by
him during his last term of offic°. The
complaint is signed by Attorney-General
Smythe and recites nine counts which,
in effect, charge Moore wi;h erubezz'e
ment and larceny of the money. Auor
ney-General Bmythe and County Attorney
Munger Join in the prosecution, thus de
priving the case of political or partisan
features.
Mr. Moore surrendered to the Sheriff
this evening, when he learned that a
warrant was ont for his arrest, gave bona
in the sum of $10,000 and was released.
&er#» Killed fty n Train.
CHATTANOOGA, Txnr., Feb. 24.— An
| incomine passeneer train on the Southern
i Railroad traveling at a high speed struck
I a covered country waeon, which was try
ing to clear the tracks ahead of the train
at Avondale Crossing. Tne wagon was
bit squarely in the center and with its ten
occupants hurled into the air. The oc
cupants were: Mrs. J. W, Woodward, her
eight children and one grandchild. The
dead include the following: Mrs. Wil
liam J. Woodward, Mrs. Lzzie Wood
ward Montgomery, a married daughter;
I two-months' old infant of the daughter,
I George L. Woodward, Delia Woodward,
1 Mary Woodward, Dii-.V Woodward. The
last named two lingered several hours
after the accident.
Propound /■>•« Silver Convention.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Feb. 24.-A resolu
tion was introduced yesterday in the
lower House of the Territorial Legisla
ture, calling for a convention of all free
silver States at Denver Sepiember 10, 1897,
to discus* a proposition to issue State
bonds of $10, $J0 nn-t $50, and boycott Na
.tional bank noves, th ■ bonds to be used as
a circulating medium. The resolution
was referred.
Sound 3/0 n*y /,««"«rue Ortanit-tt.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 24.— Over 100
men representing the chief cities and
nearly all tha Statei in the Union met
la the Chamber ot Commerce to-day to
organize permanently the Sound Money
League. The following officers were
elected: President. J. E. Leu-h:on of St.
Lonis: treasurer, E. P. Hepburn of New
York, aud secretary, T. V. Smalley of New
York.
The Queen liolda a Drawing- Room.
LONDON, Exo , Feb. 24— The Queen,
who arrived in London from Windsor
yesterday, held the hrst drawing-rora of
the season at Buckingham Palace to-day.
The weather was mi!d and sunny. The
d botanies were attired in white. The
other ladies present wore white or tints of
which pale preen predominated with
jeweled embroidery.
A London liitltott Vanaetirattd*
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 24.— Rieht Rev.
Hon. Edward Carr Glynn wan consecrated
Bishop of Peterboro in St. Paul's Cathe
dral in London this mornine in the pres
ence of a Inrgc and distinguished congre
gation. The ceremonies were conducted
by the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Advances male on furniture and pianos with
or without removal. Moouan.lol7-lU73Mlsa.on.
FERRIER BACKED
IN CHICAGO BOOKS
Thousands Won on Hunn's
Horse by the Ryan
Brothers.
Slate-Maker Arthur Webb Said
to Have Been Caught by
the "Killing"
Ondague's Victory at N w Orleans
Costs the Poolrooms a
Rcund Sum-
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 24.— A combina
tion of gamblers which has for weeks
been beating the poolrooms and hand
books made a winning to-day of about
130,000. The poolrooms that suffered
were: Arthur Webb's place, the
places of John Condon and James
O'Lsary at Eoby and Washington
Height! and the binall books which have
been doing a hand business abont town.
The winning combination was headed by
the Kyans, Tom and Ed, whose operations
have for the last year been directed
mainly against the Kentucky and (Jhio
tracks about Cincinnati.
Yesterday the combination camped with
all its money on Ferrier in the fourth race
at San Francisco, and on Ondague iti the
third race at New Orleans, and as a result
practically swept out ali the available coin
that remained in the hands of the pur
veyors of orders after their run of three
weeks of "tough luck."
Conservative sporting men about xown
place the estimate upon the amount won
by the combination at $30,000, of which
the Roby and Washington Heights books
lost neariy half, whiie Arthur Webb is
said to have suffered a third of the losses
with the remainder divided between the
recently opened book atElmhurst and the
hand books about town.
CLEVELAND'S PENSION POLICY.
In Vetoing the Bill to Pension Maria
Somer/at the President Defines
His Position.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 24.— 1n
sending to the Senate his veto of a bill to
pension Maria Somerlat, a remarried
widow of a volunteer soldier. President
Cleveland takes occasion to define and de
fend his pensioa policy as follows:
The rule governing the operation of general
pension laws which lorfeits a widow's pension
on her remarriage seems so reasonable and
just and its relaxation must necessarily lead
to such a departure from just principle* and
to such vexatious pension administration that
I am convinced it ought to be strictly main
tained.
1 hope I may be permitted to call the atten
tion of the Senate to the iucreasing latitude
clearly discernible in special pension license.
It has seemed to me so useless to attempt to
stem the tide of this legislation by executive
interference thnt I haveoontented myself with
non-acquUscence In numerous capes where I
could not approve.
Taere have been already presented to me
for executive action during the present ses
sion of Congress 2(>o pension biiis, of which I
have actually « xannned 115. The entire num
ber of such bills that have become laws during
the four sessions of Congress since March 4,
1893, is 391. Soirre < f ihese presented at the
extra session are not based upon the least pre
text that the death or disability involved is
related to army service, while in numerous
"New York for sights, Chicago for
'nights' and San Francisco for ease, com
fort and a good shave." Frisco's barbers
bear Knowing. Polite, cool, intelligent,
up-to-date and easy slaving. True, it is
not only in toe glide of the razor, the clip
of the scissors and the part of the hair that
San Francisco barbers excel — no, it is for
thosa delicate finishing touches, here and
there; it is the knowing how and when to
use hot, eld, lukewarm cloths, where to
part and how to part the hair, and, lastly,
to leave the customer the tree option of
tipping or not at his own sweet will. Yet,
hold, let me pausa to bring you into the
presence of one ol Frisco's gifted barbers.
You see his portrait above; his name is
George Jordan. He is well known and it
is well to know him, for he is the true type
of a "Sunset" barber. Yesterday I aid
chat with Mr. Jordan, and among other
things he spoke of the great good the
casos it is extremely difficult to satisfactorily
discover such relationship.
There is one featura of tnis legislation which
lam sure deserves attention. 1 refer to the
great number of special bi<ls passed for the
purpose of increasing the pension, of those al
ready on the rolls. Of the 115 special pen
sions which 1 have examined since the begin
ning of the present session of Congress fifty
eight granted or restored pensions and nfty
seveu increased those already existing. wLiie
me appropriation of money necessary co meet
these increases alone exceeds considerably
the amount required to pay the original pen
sions gran:ed or restored by the remaining
fifty-eight bills.
I can not discover that these increases are reg
ulated by any rule or principle and when we re
member there are nearly a million pensioners
on our rolls, aud the opportunity for such in
crease th.-it must follow these precedents al
ready made, the relation of the subject to a
justifiable increase of our National revenues
cannot escape attention.
Grover Cleveland.
CONSECRATED A BISHOP.
Rev. Thomas Lenihan Ordained at Du
buquß With a Distinguished Company
of Clergy Assisting.
DUBUQUE, lowa. Feb. 24. — Rev.
Thomas Lsnihan of Fort Dodge was con
secrated Bishop of Cheyenne, Wyo., at the
Cathedral this morning. A great multi
tude witnessed the ceremonies, among the
officers of which were: Consecrator, his
Grace Most Rev. John Hennessy, D.D.,
Archbishop of Dubuque ; Senior Assistant
Bishop, Right Rev. Thomas Bonacum,
D.D., of Lincoln, Nebr. ; Archbishop, his
Grace, Most Rev. C. X. Katzer, D.D.,
Archbishop of Wilwaukee, "Wis. ; Right
Rev. R. T. Scanneil, D.D., of Omaha;
Kight R*v. J. B. Cotter, D.D., of Winona,
Minn. ; Right Rev. John Siianlev, D.D., of
Jamestown, N. Dak.; Rev. "John T.
Schwabach, D.D., of La Crosse, Wis. ;
Ripht Rev. J. T. Hennessey, D.D., of
Wichita, Kans. ; Right Rev. Thomas
O'Gorman, D D., of Sioux Falls, S. Dak.;
Right Rev. If. A. Burke, D.D., of St. Jo
seph, Mo. ; Right Rev. James McGorick,
D.D., of Dulutb, Minn.
Since the resignation of Right Rev. M.
A. Burke, now Bishop of St. Joseph, Mo.,
the diocese of Cheyenne has been admin
istered by Rev. Hugh Cummiskey.
Bishop Leni.an in h is youth served as
an alsar boy in the cathedral in which he
wa3 consecrated to-day. He was edu
cated at Beardstown, Ky., Cape Girar
deau, Mo., and at St. Francis College, Mil
waukee, and was the first priest ordained
by Archbishop Hennessev. as he was the
first Bishop consecrated by the Dubuque
Metropolitan.
The ordination was celebrated at the
Cathedral In 1867. Father Lenihan was
assigned to Decorah, lowa. This rector
ship he yields only to become a Bishop.
VXSHAKE\ AM> UMDISJUA I BD.
nhat JUr. Jirunn Says of the Policy of
the Silver Jtcpublicans.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 24.-Mr.
Bryan was a-ked to-nijsht to give his
opinion on the address issued by the Sil
ver Republicans, and in response said:
"I believe that they are right In con
tinuing a separate organization as Silver
Republicans. They %vere among t; c most
effective supporters of bimetallism during
the campaign and since tbe election they
have stood unshaken and undismayed.
They do not consider themselves Demo
crats or Ponulists, and since they cannot
affiliate with the Republican party while
it stands for tho gold standard, they havo
wisely decided to complete an organiza
tion and hold their forces together.
"In accepting the nomination of the
National Silver party I stated that we did
not insist upon the Silver Republicans
becoming Democrats, but that we ac
cepted their support with the understand
ing that the same patriotism whicd di
rected them in 189*3 would be present to
direct them in 1900. The Democratic
party deserved their confidence in 1896
and I hope it will deserve their support in
the next campaign. Future events must
determine what is wise in 1903."
PJtBSIIfEXTIAL, PROCL&IUATIOy.
Senate to Convene at 12 Clock on the
4th of March.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 24—
lowing the custom which has prevailed
for many years President Cleveland to
MR. GEORGE JORDAN.
native remedy had done for him. Baid he:
"I praise Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla be
cause it is wi'U worthy of such praise, be
cause it assisted my friends and helped
my own health. I now feel in the prime
vigor of good bodily health, and I bslieve
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla brought tuis
about. I was not suffering from a broken
le« or any very serious tronble, but I was
! tired, easily exhausted, all run 'iown. and
did not feei my true self. One bottle
changed all this. lam now so much the
better for that one bottle of Joys Vege
table Sarsaparilla that I would not forego
its taking for many dollars. There is goo i
health locked up in Joy's Vegetable Sar
saparilla, and during tnese spriae months |
every one should use the native sarsa
parilla. No, I never had a pimple on my
face, I never experienced the least bad
effect. I took Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla
as I would take tea or coffee, with pleas
day issned the following proclamation so
a? to enable the Senate to continue in ses
sion after the expiratipn of the terms of
tnirty of its present members at noon on
the 4th of March next and (after the quali
fication ol tne new and re-elected Sen
ators) to participate in the inauguration
of the new President of the United States
and to confirm his Cabinet:
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THK VNITED STATES CF
AMF.RICA.
A PROCLAMATION.
i whereas. Public interests require that tho
senate should be convened at 12 o'clock o;i
the 4th day of March next to receive such
communications as may be made by the Exec
utive; now. therefore, 1, Grover Cleveland,
President of the United States of America, do
here Dy proclaim and declare that an extraor
dinary occasion requires the Semite of the
United Slates of America to convene at tho
Capitol at Washington on the 4th dny of March
next, at 12 o'clock noon, of which all persons
who shall at that time be eutuled to act us
members of thai body are hereby required to
take notice.
Given under my hand and the se«l of the
United States. 'at Washington, the 24th day
of February, in the year of our Lord one thou
sand eight hundred and ninety-seven, and of
the independence of the United States the ou.e
hundred and twenty-flrst-
Grover Cleveland.
By tho President: Richard Olney, Secretory
of State.
JIIUJiZJE- Of-TJIJi-Jt OADSTEItS.
Clog* Iheir Contention Hith a tet»ior\
of Much Animation.
MEMPHIS, Trow., Feb. 24.— The mid
dle-oi-the-road Populist convention ad
journed sine die shortly after noon to
day, after a morning session of ruacli ani
mation and vigor. The auditing commit
tee began the proceedings by reporting
ex-Secretary-Treasurer Roselle extrava
gant. Then followed the formal adaress
prepared by a committee, which elicited
applause.
It began by calling upon Populists to
continue the battle for supremacy of their
principles ; reciting that they were making
strontr headway, so much bo that their
opponents in various States were enacting
some of them into Jaw. It applied the
usual brand to the old parties, and dealt a
characteristic blow at railroad and other
alleged corporate oppression.
The lollowing officers were elected:
Vice-president, W. F. Mays, Washington
State; recording secretary and treasurer,
loseph Parker of Kentucky; corrospond
ing secretary. John H. Boyd of lexas;
members of the executive board— J. R.
Ferris of Illinois. N. H. Mortzlnger of
Indiana, E. i±. Peters of Texas, P. J.
Dixon of Missouri and G. S. Kcstler of
North Carolina.
The president, Hon. Frank Burkett of
Mississippi, was elected Monday.
HAXNA'S FAHTIAG VISIT.
Will I-ol See XcKinley Again Before Bit
Inauguration.
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. 24.— Mark Hanna
returned to Cleveland this afternoon ana
will not see Major McKinley a^aiti until
he meets* him in Washington on Tuesday
next.
Owing to the fact that the President
elect suffers from some irritation of the
throat, Mr. Hanna did not have as ex
tended a talk with him as he would other
wise have done. The rumor from New
York that Colonel J. J. McCook has in
timated that he cannot accept the posi
tion of Secretary of the Interior is in no
sen*e verified Here. Mr. Hanna was the
only visitor in Canton to-day who saw
Major McKinley.
IRE is BOCK WAS AWFUL.
Six Persons Killed by an Explosion in
England.
LONDON, BUS., Feb. 24.— An explosion
occurred in the extensive works devoted
to the manufacture of Noble's explosives
in Ayrshire, Scotland, this mornine, kill
ing six persons. The explosion took place
while the men were washing nitro- lycsr
ine. The report was heard fifteen miles.
Tho explosion occurred at Stevenston.
Twenty tons of nitro-glycerine exploded,
and the shock was tremendous beyond
description. Windows were shattered for
miles around.
Persons at long distances from the
scene were thrown to the eround. AH tho
windows of a passenger train at Paisley, a
dozen miles away, were smashed. Per
sons in the vicinity of the explosion were
rendered deaf or blind by the concussion.
ure, with palatable gratification. It it
the only sarsaparilla I have ever taken
that is nice to the taste, and yet it is so
efficacious."
1 have endeavored to give tne language
of Mr. Jordan, so all may judge the true
tone of this young gentleman. He is
given to no exaggerations. He speaks
with feeling, speaking from the heart.
Wherever I nave been throughout the
length and breadth of the Coast all the
good people are praising the native rem
edy, Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I have
endeavored to do away witn all coloring,
to give the facts, to speafe sincerely, and I
believe that Joy's Vegetaole Sarsaparilki
wiil be the gainer. Every day the remedy
eets closer to the masses. Every day it
becomes harder and harder for druggists
to substitute. This is as it should be.
HENRY TILLMAN.
34
FITZ HAS
AN EYE IN
MOURNING
Trainer Hickey Lands on
the Big Cornishman's
Countenance.
LIVELY BOUTS AT COOK'S
RANCH.
The Auburn-Haired Lad Plays
Even by Closing an Optic
for Roeber.
SETTLING THE DISPUTE OVEK
THE RULES.
R feree Siler Hits Upon a Scheme
That Will Prevent Threatened
Disagreements.
CARSOX, Nev, Feb. 24 —George Siler.
the celebrated Chicago sportsman, who is
to act as referee of the world's champion
ship battle between Corbett and Fnzsim
moaa, went out to Cook's ranch this
•morning and put in several hours of earn
est and animated conversation with the
Cornishman. It was ail about Fitzsim
mons' recently developed and wholly
unexpected objection to that clause in the
Marquis of Queensberry rules which per
mits either or both of the contestants to
hit with a free arm in clinches and to put
in a punch if possible in the breakaway.
Piler did not mmcc words with Bob;
neither cid he essay to coerce him into
agreeing to fight under rules not to his
liking. What be did say was to call the
lanky pugilist's attention to the fact that,
having once agreed to let "everything
go" in the mill, it would look bad for him
to start in quibbiinc over technicalities at
this late stage of the g.nue. Siler said
that, «o far as lie was concerned, tie would
be willing to stand by any arrangement
the pugilists would agree upon, and he
would guarantee to decide the battle, if
necessary, upon the fulfillment or failure
to carry out that same agreement. What
he would insist upon would be an out-and
out understanding between the principals
and the referee before the trio entered the
ring. He wanted no room left for com
i laints or misconceptions of the rules
after the fight was over.
Fitzsimmons was s'.ubborn at first. Ha
even reiterated hi» declaration of Tnesdny
afternoon that he would not fight if he
was compelled to adopt tactics he did not
■like. But as the conversation wore along
fie became more good-natured and finally
worked himself into a really reasonable
frame of mind.
"The point of the whole matter is just
this," said Fitzsimmons, finally. "I do
not intend to announce thus early in the
game just what methods 1 am going to
employ in the ring with tuis man Corbett.
It wouja be a pretty how-do-you-do for
rue to notify him in advance aa to whether
or not I aui going to hit in the clinches,
or break away fair and square.
"That would give him an opportunuv
to devote ail of his practicing hours to
discovering a means for counteracting my
assaults. No, I Bay, let all this go until
we step into the ring. It will then be time
enough to announce what rules shall gov
ern us, and neither of us will have any
advantage over the other, ls not that
fair enough ? Ido not want to be accused
cf quibbling over trifles nor of showing
any sign of the white feather, but I want
a square deal and propose to have it.
Mv entire professional future depends
upon the resuit of this fight, and I don't
pn p":se to agree to anythine governing
the conduct of the contest which is apt
to put me to a disadvantage. That's all
there is to it.'
Siler evolved a theory to-nieht which be
assured me he thought woyjd solve the
whole difficulty and probably send the
men into the ring together on St Patrick's
day on comparatively amicable terms. At
me same time Siler is not at all pleased
with the way Fitzsimmons is acting.
W ben both Corbett and the Cornishman
agree I that they would fight under the
plain Marquis o! Queensberry rules, thus
permittini: them to use their fists in the
clinches and breaks, the referee was im
mensely pleased, for he realized that such
an understand. ng would remove a load of
responsibility from his shoulders and do
away with the possibility of procrastina
tion in tha ring over alleped fouls and
supposed uniair tactic?.. But Fitzsim
mons' objections to the clinch clause
broke open the old sore and it began to
look as though there would be no end of
trouble in consequence.
Siler's pian now is the best that could
be devised under the circumstances for
averting the threatened rupture. He
proposes to compile immediately a com
plete set of the unadulterated and un
amended Marquis of Queensberry rules,
and provide each of the big fellows with a
copy. These they will be allowed to pon
der over for a week or two. and when
Siler think? they Have had ample time to
decide whether or not they will abide by
these rules he will favor them with a visit
and ask for their ultimatum. If both
a?ree tc accept the resuiations as they
Mand, why there is an end to the trouble;
or if they mutually decide upon any
amendment it will be equally satisfactory
to the referee. On the other hand, if they
disagree — one want ng one thins: and the
other something else — then Siler proposes
to take the law into his own bands, as he
lias a perfect right to do, and arbitrarily
announce the rules that will govern the
content.
In the event that the latter course
should be found compulsory Siler will
favor Fitztimmons to the extent that be
will net issue bis proclamation until the
mornine of the battle. That seems to be
what the Cornishman wants, bis aim be
ing to prevent Corbett from concentrating
his preparatory work on any one particu
lar line of fiehting. Corbett must do some
guessing. But just the same it seems to
be a foregone conclusion that if the final
decision as regards the tactics to be fol
lowed h left to Siler he will decree that
hitting in the clinches and breaks will be
tolerated and shall not be considered foul.
There was another new arrival at Fiti-
MR. CORBETT AND THE LADY.
(INTERCEPTED.)
CARSON, NEV., Feb. 24, 1897.
To the JournaLExamiwr (Copyrighted):
I am suffering from a severe attack of writers' cramp and my letter
will be brief. 1 am pleased to see that you gave two full pages of
to-day's paper to the fight. 1 think it would be a stroke of enterprise
to print nothing but fight matter until the thing comes off. All my ac
quaintances read nothing else.
One of our lady reporters showed up to-day and was warmly wel
comed. 1 read and approved her letter and sent it with this.
Would it not be well to buy up and destroy the issue containing
the editorial on women at prize-fights ? It was printed at the time of
the Sharkey-Fitzsimmons match, which brought us so much profit and
so little credit. Our readers have probably forgotten the editorial, but
the other papers might get hold of it and make us trouble. Thank
heaven, all we write now is copyrighted, and when we publish a fake
or make a break in the editorial columns it cannot be quoted against us.
The lady reporter's article follows.
COPYRIGHTED CORBETT.
MR. CORBETT THROUGH A WOMAN'S EYES.
BY A COPYRIGHTED WOMAN. ■' ;
Two events in one day! How few of my sisters can write that. Many of them are
born, grow up and pass into the cold shades of eternity without having one occur
rence in their lives worth recording. But I— happy I— hare had two great events
within the short compass of twenty-four hours.
I saw Corbet t and I fainted.
I saw him first.
I was sitting in the local room meditating upon my romantic career as reporter
when I heard a voice from the editorial sanctum. "Hurl yourself into a hack," it
said, "catch the first train for Nevada and interview Corbett. Your position depends
upon your success. "We must have the interview. Nevermind the expense, the more
you spend the better. remember that Mr. Hearst is a multi-milJioniare."
How my heart palpitated. /
To think that I should have been chosen for this great errand ; that 1 should have
been selected to speak to the Great Gladiator of the Golden West.
Ah, me! lamto be famous thus.
A glance at the reflection of my hat in the little mirror I always carry, a hurried
plunge down the dusty stain and lam out in the broad sunlight of Mission street. A
moment more and lam at Lotta's Fountain. The little dwarf boy holds up a bunch
of fragrant dew-be jeweled violets. "Please Miss." he pleads, "buy them. Me mother
so sick."
In a moment the dainty blossoms are in my bosom and on their way to Corbett.
I have been told that the little dwarf boy is 30 years old and owns a nursery. I
don't believe it.
I don't believe it because I don't want to believe it.
I will give the violets to Mr. Corbett. lam not the woman who gave violets to
Mr. Purrant. I gave him daisies and sweet peas.
How slow this car runs. Ido not wonder that the people dislike Mr. Vining.
1 hate, I loathe, I detest him.
Thank heaven, lam at the ferry at last In with the crowd, while the great bell
peals and peals and peals. What does it say to them— to the throng that hastens on
board. Ala?, I know not, bat to me it says one thine and says it over and over again
with persistent vehemence: "She is going to see Mr. Corbett, the great Mr. Cor bet
and the gulls screamed, "She is going, to see Mr. Corbett, the great Mr. Corbett."
I felt that people were looking at me. Something had told them that I was to
wear the laurel crown of fame and be known wherever Corbett is known.
In the car I drew a veil over my face and sent my mind adrift on a sea of delicious
reverie. I thought of the glorious opportunities opening on every band to advancing
womanhood. The great struggle for place in the ranks of journalism was won. ■ A
woman had been selected to interview Corbett! I would wiite to Susan B. Anthony
and dear Miss Shaw and tell them that they had not toiled in vain. I dropped a tear
as I thought of the legion of women hidden -away in nameless graves who might have
been great and glorious.
Then I thought of my own death.
Helas!
I thought of my monument. It would be a plain but costly shaft. No name
would be carven upon its marble face, but there would be the all-sufficient inscription:
nnnnnnnr inrirsinnnnrtnns yymnra yyvyva 1 vgrnnnnra'g s n
*° °l
to The First Woman TVno Interviewed Corbett Lies Here. o<
gPQgSggQfl.gflP.gp.PP. 8 poooooooqn,qpqoft o o o o o o p°j
Underneath would be the line:
nrva~tt~b^YTß"inro' insvzvvininn' a a & a a a a a* a ainnnnry a g "\
to Erected to the Below by W. R. Hearst. -2
to The Examiner Is th* Monarch of the Dailies. o
C&PJLPJLB-g. g-g.g.g.g-,g. gJLttJULg. JULPJLPJLB 8 pqpq q oPPpo o p o ° -
It was enough. ■ -I. «' v
The train rattled on and at last Carson was in sight.
Our sylphlike Sporting Editor met me at the depot, and greeted me with effusive
cordiality.
II think he overdid the thing.
Can he be jealous? •
The snDr»me moment came at last. I was in the presence of James J. Corbett.
I recognized him at once by 'our copyrighted pictures of his pompadour.
Can I describe my emotions! Can I put in cold and chilling words the rapture
with which I gazed on that form!
Never! Ah, me— never!
He has the bead of a Greek god. Hi? neck rises above his shoulders like a tower of
ivory. He has the torso of a Hercules, the arms and thighs of an Apollo Belvedere
And bis feet!
If the soul of Phidias, the sculptor, still wanders over this sordid earth surely it
is to be found worshiping at the feet of Corbett. ' .
I looked at them and fainted.
When I came to my senses again the great champion was bending over me Ten
derly. oh so tenderly, be lifted me from the floor and conducted me to a rude couch
"What is it!" he whispered. "What can Ido for you?" CDI
I told him all. I told him of the fearful responsibility that lay noon m* t
begged an interview. " ■ ™* x
The classic features above me relaxed into a smile. "Give you an interview I t.«
of them. What am I here for?" J interview? Ten
In a moment he had cleared the room and fastened the doors and windows.
"Now." he said hoarsely, "now write, and write fast."
And this is what I wrote:
'I arose at 8:15, washed my hands and face and arranged my pompadour
"I had bam and eggs for breakfast.
"I played ball and skipped the rope for three hours.
"I can whip Fitzsimmon*. .
"I had a. light luncheon and played checkers all the afternoon u.^
i dinner and will retire early. . «. aiternoon. I had a good
"Is that enough?" be gasped.
"More than enough. How can I ever repay you." was my gratified reply
"By writing me up every day until the fight comes off," was the ,„,». .««i .v
was a roguish twinkle in the great athlete's eyes. answer, and there
Happy Mrs. Corbett!
1 see FitMimmons to-morrow, bat to-night I dream of qprbett \
EDNAEDWINA EDITH EDGERTON.
Simmons' camp to-day in the shape of '
Stelzner, the boxer who trained Bob for
bis late fight with Sailor Snarkey, &nd
who was recently matched to fight Jef
fries but failed to do so on account of ill
ness. Fitzsimmonson was immensely
pleased upon beholding nis old spurring
partner, for be has felt the need of his
services during bis training. Dan Uictcey
has been doing well enough with the tail
chap, but he could not give him work
enough to do. Now Stelzner can take
half of the work off Hickey's bands,
and between them tney can keeD tbe
Cornisuman hustling. Stelzner was at the
ranch scarcely an hour to-day before he
challenged FitKsimmons to a bout and was
reaciiiy accommodated. The pair thumped
each other and both were soon streaming
wiih perspiration. Stelzner finally said
be had enoueb, but Bob had not, and so
Hickey took the other trainer's place and
there was another merry go. Even alter
Hickey was punope>i out Fitssimmons
made Roeber. the wrestler, put on the
gloves and put the finishing touches on the
wariuing-up process.
One thing I noticed in particular in
| Fitzsimmons' work to-day was the fact
that he roes at his sparring partners in
dead earnest and eeems to be guided
throughout the bouts by a desire to thor
j ought? best them. The trail. ers have mi
i struclions to do their level best and hit
i the Cornisfircan as often and as hard as
| they can. Both Uickey and Stelzner are
fast and stiff punchers and fairly clever as
well. The result is that when one sees
I Fits at his work be is sure to witness a
| far better entertainment than would be
| the case had he paid Corbett a visit at
| tioaws Springs.
6 rbett seems to tower over bis sparring
partners, and is co far their superior as a
boxer and a hitter that they seldom make
a good showing with him and scarcely
ever land on him. But Fitz seems to re
ish being hit almost as well as to land a
■good blow himself. • . '
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 25, 189 T.
! fart 2 . bT Wmy Of '"^ration the
! fact > that, as the result of the Corni«h
man'about with Hickey this af.ernoon
!he now sports a beautiful black eye He
I caught it while endeavoring to duck away
from . counter. The duck worked all
right so far as snccessfutly escaping
Hickey's padded fist was concerned but
i Dan, elbow followed along in the ; ake
I of his mauler, and it wa, this that col!
IHi i - " h Robert ' 8 °P tic - Fitzsimmons
wifh i* r tl en When be gOt the »>o»e. on
with Roeber. however, dv waiting until he
got a good opening ana then whipping his
: left on Ernest's right orb.
j 'I guess that's a shanty, old," said Fit*,
iimmons. and he cackled. as gleefully as a
■ schoolboy who operates hi, pea-shooter to
I the discomfiture of his teacher
! -It will be all right, though," he added
] .nT 11 I can go to tOWn together now!
and the Klr '. a n won't be able to tell us
apart. We will make a great hit " Us
Fitz-umnions and Julian . hare never
been accused of overlooking » n oppor
| tunity to turn an honest penny, but they
; have hit upon a scheme now which evcrr
body admits is a -peach." They • put 'it
' into operation to-day. I t ia nothing less
: than a contract with a local- livery-stable
fh O i P , r K etOr ? y WhlCb he - -«d only he,'
j shall have the authority to «ay who 'hall
have the privilege of beholding Fitriim
mons at his training, even after the hard
ships of the tedious trip out to the ranch
! have been endured.. .Those who wish to
! pay the Cornlshinab a visit must go to
this liveryman for * ticket of admission
to the gymnasium. r True, he does not
charge anything for the tickets, but. then
he has teams for hire, and nobody
1 ever think of attempting to walk out to
the ranch, any more than they would *o
to a rival stable lor a rig after this gener
The facsimile /ifi y/J3fr-+-i(Z-~ *• °* **** wrapper
«%^reof;. Uu^yffiCMcZkt ;of CABTOKIA.
ous individual has provided them with
the coveted tickets. Julian and FiUsim
mons are said to be in partnership with
the stable-keeper and get a percentage of
the profits accruing from the letting out
of teams.
The event out at CorbetPs training
quarters to-day was the arrival of Billy
Delaney, the veteran trainer, and Jeffries,
the well-known young giant from Loa An
geles. Delaney, of coarse, is here to take
full charge of the training of Corbelt. He
haa made the big Californlan ready for ali
of his great battles, and, indeed, is said to
be Jim's mascot. Billy worships tfie very
ground Corbett walks ou, and it would
break his heart if James ever trained for
a fignt under any other than the veteran's
watchful eye.
Delaney did not remain long in town
after his arrival. He was anxious to be
near Corbett, and fretted and stewed until
a conveyance waa finally engaged to take
him out to the springs.
I had a little chat with billy this after
noon, after he had had an opportunity to
watch thb pompadoured athlete at his
work. The trainer was bulb ing over
with admiration lor his protege.
"Jim ls not only himself again, but he
looks better to me than he ever did be
for»," said Billy. "He looked well enough
when 1 saw him a fortnight ago in Ban
Francisco, but he is a hundred per cent
bettar now. There is no getting around
the fact that I thought it was all up with
Jim after he madt that poor showing with
bharkey. I {tared he was going bacK, but
it turns out that that experience waa the
saving of him. Nobody knew better than
he that he had made a mistake, and he set
about immediately to rectify it. His
present condition shows how faithfully he
attended to the rebuilding process. Alter
watching him carefully this afternoon I
satisfie 1 myself that he has already
reached the top notch of condition. I can
see readily that my chief task from now
on will be to prevent him from overwork
ing himself and growing stale. He is a
glutton for work and always has to be held
iv check during his training with a Hand
of iron. Ha is ready to fight right now,
and all we have to do is to keep him where
be is. I am going to start him out tor
road work immediately and get his wind
perfect.
"What do I think of the outlook? Why,
Corbett in a walk. He will treat Fitz as a
cooper would a barrei. I do not think
Fitz is dead game and never did think so.
He does not like a hard punch, and he is
going to get lots of them in this fight be
fore he lies down."
There has been some talk among the
Coroett hosts as to whether Delaney or
Charley White is to have the distinction
of being the chief trainer of the camp.
This was fettled for good to-aay, when
Corbett announoed that Delaney would
wield the baton. White's services will be
valuable because he has trained Fitz and
claims to be familiar with all of the Cor
nishman's weak points. Jeffries' duty at
the spring* will be to spar with Corbett
twice a day. The bulky lad will not pat
on the gloves with Jim to-day, but will
make his debut in the morning. He has
never boxed with Oorbett. and naturally
feels a little nervous about the first meet
ing. Corbett realized this, and it was his
own snggestion that Jeffries rest until the
morning.
"1 Know how it is myself," he said,
patting Jeffries on the back good &*•
turedly, "we will go mo the handball
court in the morning all by ourselves ana
get thoroughly acquainted. After we get
so we understand each other we can box
in tue presence of company."
Corbett's work during the day did Dot
differ from his usual routine of bag
nunching, hanaball playing and boxing.
He busted his best bag while beating a
tattoo on it, and knocked Billy Woods
down once whiie sparjing with him.
Big Jack McVey. tne wrestler, has so
far recovered from his recent illness that
he will be able to resume his daily prac
tice with James J to-morrow morning.
The programme for the lGth of March
has been arrange 1 at last. W. K.
Wheelock. Stuart's chief lieutenant, an
nounced to-day that George Green of Ban
Francisco and 'Mysterious" Billy Smith
of Boston had been matched o fight to a
finish for the welter-weight championship
of the world and a purse of $3000. The
second number on the bill will be a battle
for tue feather-weight championship be
tween Dal Hawkins of San Francisco and
Martin Flaherty of Pniladeipnia. The
parse for this contest will ba $2500.
Flaherty is tne lad who recently defeated
Frauk Krne, the only b^xer who aver got
a decision over George Dixon, the colored
phenomenon of Boston.
The date of the big live bird shooting
tournament is not definitely settled, but
it looks to-night as though it would be
fixed for the 17th of Marci). immediately
succeeding the Corbett-Fitzsimmons tight.
The condiiions of the shoot are: $1000
added, $50 entrance fee. including tne
birds, thirty yards rise, under the Ameri
can Association rules. Tne money is to
be divided on the basis of 50, 30 and 20 per
cent. The Kansas City star championship
trophy, now held by Elliott, goes with the
first money. Entries close with I, If.
Hou-eman of Carson City the day before
the shoot. J. G. Mansfield.
V£M>IU M UVSIILK.
oN(ar<f That Htuart Shall Divide the
Profit* With Him.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 24.— Yen- ;
dig Genie* that be contemplates attaching
the ?15,0j0 parse for tbe Corbett-Fitzsim
mons tight held by A! Smith. He said
to-day: :..,]-. . /
"I aai Dan Stuart's partner in this right
and I don't propose to be shut out at this
late day. My lawyers, Howe & Hum
mel, a.t> preparing -to• ■■ take ' action
in the United States - courts :in; my
behalf, bat under no . circumstances
will they attach any money that is in At
Smith's hands, as he Is ray friend and I \
will not do anything t at wilt tend to
annoy him in this matter. Neither will I
do anything that will interfere with the
fignt in eny way. lam after my share of
the profits or losses of this coming fight*
"1 spent $_O,COO and three years' time in
trying to bring Corbett and Fi'z'iratnons
together, and will expend the same time
and amount of money : again; to 'make
Stuart do the right thing by me."
TWO PHELIMIXAXt .FIGHTS.
«re*»- Smith - and - JlatcWn* - Flaherty
Coniett* Scheduled.
j C ARSON, Nev., Feb. 24.-^Gosßip was
; plentiful around Dan , Stuart's head
quarters to-day. George Green (Yon ng
Corbett) and -••Mysterious" Billy .Smith
were formally matched, and article- of
agreement were a.'*o signed -for a 'finish
□gat for the leather- championship
and a purse of $2300 between Dal Hawkins
of San Francisco and Martin Flaherty of
Boston, who recently jumped into promi
nence by besting Erne in a limited go. '
The two events will be doubled op and de
cided on March IS at a single price of
admission. ••'-'<' . . •> ;, ;.
Green and Hawkins will .be , squeezed
into Corbett's quarters at Shaw's Spring?. ]
Where Smith and jf'laherty will do their
training has not been decided. It is pos
sible that one, perhaps both, will be in
stalled at Cook's ranch, bat space is lim
ited thereabouts. The two Eastern pngi
iists left for Nevada to-night and should
reach Carson on Monday next. Hawkin»
and Green are expected within two days.
Secretary Wheelock now roughly esti
mates tbe seating capscity of the pavilion
at from 17,000 to 20,000. The exact num
ber of seats cannot be calculated until
more perfect blue prints are proved. The
plans were sent to Ban Francisco, it being
impossible to obtain clear copies in Carson
owing to the extreme cold. The super
structure of the arena is shooting up like a
mushroom, and it now seems probable
that work will be completed at an earlier
date thfcn that originally fixed— March 12.
Dan Stuart was well enough to be out of
doors to-day, but fear of a relapse has
made him cautious, and he will stick to
his room for a day or so longer. The
weather is moderating, and roads will be
fit for wheeling to-morrow.
OLMYPIC CLUB REJECTED.
San Francisco Kennel Club Admitted to
Membership in the American Kennel
Club at New York.
ITSff YOKK, N. V., Feb. 24. — The
regular annual meeting of the American
Kennel Club was held this afternoon dar
ing the dog snow at Madison Square
Garden. The election of offioers resulted
in the re-election of August Belmont and
Henry Brooks as president and vice-presi
dent, respectively. After a number of
amendments to the constitution were
passed the meetin* adjourned and re
convened as an executive committee.
Several letters and telegrams were read
as to the rival claims for admission to
membership by the San Fiancisco Kennel
and the O.ympic club*, showing that there
was great excitemant over tne rivalry.
Tne constitution of the Olympic Club
was found to hnve no provision for hold
ing bench «hows, and accordingly the
application was rejected. Tne San Fran
cisco Kennel Club was elected to mem
bership, as was al>o the Santa Clara
Valley Club. All the does which had
been improperly entered at the Boston
show and disqualified by the secretary
under the rules were ruled out by action
of the club.
lEUtiY llAl.t DROPS OUT.
SelUnetr It Writ Ahtatt in the Six-Hay
Cycle liner.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 21— Teddy Hale,
the Irish champion, lost all hope of win
ning a prize in the six days' cycle race at
Tattersali's and abandoned the contest to
day. He had ridden since midnight, and
shortly after 8 o'clock this morning, in
company with Trainer Johnson, loft the
building for a hotel in the neighborhood.
Expressions of regret that Hale could not
finish the contest are numerous.
Schineer still has a commanding lead
over the field, and maintains that he will
hold this advantage to the end. He is in
excellent condition and is riding bard.
Asninger, however, will try to make up
the gap between himself and* the leader
before the six day* are up, and is trying
hard to make a constant gain. Miller will
also make a tight to win, but it is the gen
i eral opinion that Schineer will keep the
lead. This evening, however, bis heart
action was irregular, but little alarm is
felt for his condition.
At midnight the score stood: Schincer
1050, Milier 952, Ashineer 941. Lawson 932,
Stewart 896, Bradis 854, Hanson 853, Ho.
brfcit 829. Smi'h 822, Hannant 783. Leslie
7P2, Fleming 725, Mierstein 679. Blakeslee
821, liiff 821. Schineer retired at 11:30
P. M. for a two hours' rest.
XASZItALL A T STAFFORD.
Freshmen I>efeat ■ hophomor** in the
Jmter- fln<f Unine.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cau. Feb.
24.— The game between teams represent
ing tbe freshman and sophomore ciarses
resulted in a vlctorv for the freshmen by
a score of 25 to t, It was hotiy contested
during the lirst part of the game, but
lagged toward tbe close. The day was an
idea! one for baseball. There was not the
enthusiasm usually displayed at etsn
games. Even tbe hint tbat a class "rush"
would form part of the afternoon's enter
taiccnent failed to bring out tbe class sup
porters.
Sharp, Mclntosh and Frteman played
noticeably well for the sophomores. C.
Strom, Longhead, Morgan, Murphy and
Daly of the freshman team won applause
for clever work during the game.
Riverside' • Coming I'oln Tournament,
RIVERSIDE, Cau. Feb. 24.— Every
thing is in readiness for the polo tourna
ment between the champion team of
Riverside and the crack players ot Bur
lingame. Tbe tournament wili begin on
Thursday afternoon and will conclude on
Saturday. The local club has recently
fitted up one of the finest grounds in the
State and a spirited contest is expected, as
hoili clnbs have battled together before.
In the Burlincame team are onch well
known players as Hobart. Baldwin and
McCree, while the flag of ttie Riverside
club will be borne by Bettner, Maud, War
ing and others.
acini at J\eu> Orfenn'.,
. NEW ORLEANS, La., Feb. 24 —Six furlong?.
Dorothy 111 won, Lilian X second, May Ashley
third. Time, l:'JO'j.
Six furlongs, Robert Bonner won, Pop Dizon
second, The Plutocrat third. Time. 1 :20'
One mile and twenty yard*. Ondegua won,
Cbcot second. Terra Archer third. Time,
1:5% *
• fix furlongs. Sharon won. R. Q. Ban second,
Helen Wren third. Time, I:2o}s.
fcix furlongs, Al Kyris won, Mauritius sec
ond. Pommery Sec third. Time, I:22}^.
Sewn furlongs, Ta lmiu won. Puros second.
Flora Ballard third. Time, 1:37' s '. t •
Kirtr to-oat:
Consider
Looks
Flavor and
Wholesomeness
of your cake
and pastry,
which means
use
Trophy
Baking Powder
■m Ttllmana ft BcwUi. Mfra,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHAKLtS H. PHILLH^J. ATroKSEY-AT.
V Uw and Notary PnbUc, 638 Market su, O pp>
•it* i Palace Hotel. Telephone 57U Residence 1833
icU strwt. Teleplione - Pine - 2591.
RYAN EASILY
BESTS TRACEY
Puts the Australian Out
in the Ninth Round of
Their Fight.
Has the Best of the Go From the
Sound of the Gong to
the Finish.
Three Thousand Spectators View a
One-Sided Battle at
Syracuse.
BYRACDBE, N. V. f Feb.24.-Over three
thousand people crowdtd into the Al*
hambra to-night to see the contest for the
world's welter-weight championship be
tween Tommy Ryan of this city, the
champion, and Tommy Tracey of Chicago,
champion of England and Australia. The
curtain raiser was an eight-round bout
between Jimmy Ryan and Pat Barrett,
both of this city.
Ryan and Tracey were in the pink of
condition. Ryan weighed in at 145
pounds; Tracey was a couple of pounds
lighter.
In the first round, after some cautious
sparring, Ryan landed a coupie of light
left swings on Tracey's head.
In the second round the Syracusan got
in a couple of rights over the heart, which
MEW TO-DAY
£SS MANLINESS
»^P^| pcQTnDcn
l^rf RESTORED.
(fl&K:&?Jti&Jr !^ -^^t^- Excesses of early youth, careless and intem-
/V}>/^Sr peratel;vin?andi!iherit*d tendencies all cf*m-
vV-^if Vi fflrwSr -S amai ' bine to make thousands of men in the middle
f/SST 'JJIIS&& ** c - who should b - in the prime of life and In
rf f- | | T|" n J '^^ioWin\ttt' r the enjoyment cf tt:eir greatest rain!? rigor.
sIJLf ffliWrnlM»* old ' e*^ebled and pitiable spectacles of wasted
• manhood. The world has no use for the puny,
?/BJiS^[^SS&>J*^»G^^^^s; debilitated man. Only the manly man in tne
full vigor of his magnetic man i. cod makes
DOCTOR SWEANY, everybody happy arounl him. Sparkling
_ ■ - ,-.-'- ' eyes, a quick-beating heart and the rosy blush
Whose Reputation la Established by of pleasure greet him wherever he goes. Hi»
Ten Year» of Unparalleled Success touch thrills because it is full of energy and
at 737 Market Street, San Francisco nerve force.
. Toalliho&e who are worn out, who would have
the vigorous spark of youth restored, ana would have Hie given back to them again with all
Its pleasures und possibilities in the fullest degree; to all those who find themselves lacking
the manly qualities of courage, endurance, perseverance and magnetic power there is hop? —
hope for even the no<t severe cases— by consulting DR. SWEANY, who has been all his profes-
sional life relieving afflicted mankind to such a successful extent that "be cures when all
others fail."
VilllllP MCM If you bare indulged in early indiscretions and a* a consequence have
lUUill] Ifltllt losses, exhausting drains, pimples, bashfuiness, aversion to society, a
tired, fc upid, bloomy feeling and failing of memory, lack of vigor, absolutely unfitting you
for study, business or marriage, do not neglect yourself until too late. Do not allow falsa
pride and 'ham modesty to deter you in seeking immediate relief. Get cured and be a man.
UARIPDPCI IT Hydrocele, Piles, Fistula, Weak Organs, Swelllnes and tenderness of
IHnluUllbLL the organs and glands treated with unfailing success.
D||DTIIQi> - New method, sure curt, painlcs? treatment, no detention from work no
nilr I Uilk* experiment s, no truss. A positive, certain and permanent cure.
QDCPIAI " Diseases. Tenderness, Swelllne, Contagious Blood Poison, Stricture, etc., quickly
OrCUIHL cured without pain or detention from 'business. :■■ ■- ■«•»..-..:- - .- : -.. .- --
I Ar%l ■" will receive special , and careful treatment lor all -their many ail-
UMUICO ments. - ' .
U/DITP if away from the city, as DOCTOR SWEANY has a system of home treat-
ww I\ Mb ment that is entirely his own. Thousands are cured at home- Book
"Guide to Health," a treatise on all theofgana and their diseases, free on application. Strictest
confidence observed. . Call or address
F*. 1-,. S'WEa.AJNr'Sr. 1^1.33.
787 IVTua.ZFLISIIZ:'!? STREET,
(OPPOSITE EXAMINER OFFICE), SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
tt BAZAAR^
Here
Are Prices
and goods that carry the :
conviction of their cor-
rectness.
Silver-plated
Ware
Is what we are talking
- about this week.
Quadruple plat* Cake Baskets, B. C St. oo !
" " • " '• 53. 50
« " Pickle Casters '.".".".'.*.'.'. 9,)0
•• " Fruit Stands .."."..".'! .'.'" Sl.'so
. " m J' " * " Persian gtiss.S l. 3s
4- Piece Tea Sets, quadruple plaw »3. •>»
** " " ** " " 54.48
Little Prices
and Big Values. !
■ R-Bottle Dinner Casten ...... SIOO |
5-Hottle Uinner Casters, quadruple plate! ' '
embossed 13 no '
Kmbossed Bu:;er liahes, class stani"*."'. hie \
Quadruple plate Buner Dl,hes... ..""•t.53
" r. '• " with "knife
vent ......" ai 5 _ :
Roger Brothers' lea spoons, set of 6. V. ".'.".'» 1.25
'L '' Table tpoors. set of 6 «2.r) t
o« ™ "«r Table Forks, set of 6 •>.50
34 Pieces-Knives. Forks and Spoons, in
pnsniase ....!:....»4.50
Cut Prices
TS
Aluminum Tea «poons. s«t of 8 50c
Table Spoons, set of 6 Sl.oo !
'* Tab c Forks, sat of 6 •.....■ .OO
Russell s "Stag" larvers, rerset S3. 5 .
" IvorlUe ■• .. 53.50
'* _ Ebonized Knives and Forks, set
of 6...- .' 7 5c '
"Sterling' Tiipie-plated Knives. set of 6 .'.' 75c
Bed-rock Prices
and guaranteed qual-
ity go together.
18MARKBT street.
DR.MCNULTY.
H'HIS WKLL KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OI.U I
* Ist l'rivate.Nervou^Blood and Skin 1
""eases of Men only. Manly Power restore.l. Over
~L 7 T5 ns '^Perience. Send for Book. tree. I'ntients
S 0 , 1 ?* 1 ? l Home. Terms reasonable. Hour*, 9 to a i
dailv;6:3otol3oev»s. .Sunday*. 10 to 12. Ct»nKilta- I
uoafree and sacredly confldeatial. Call oraddress
p. BOSCOE HeSTLTT. m. »-.
*B*i Kearny Street, San Fraort>«v, CmM.
made the flesh red. Tracey landed a light
right on Ryan's jaw in the third. Ryan
complained of Tracey choking him in the
clinches.
.In the fourth Byan clearly outpointed
the Chicago man, and Tracey clinched
frequently. Ryan did most of the work
in the tifth. He was strong and fresh and
gave Tracey no rest. Ryan got his op
ponent going in the sixth, and in the
seventh and eighth rounds Tracey was
pent to tbe floor several times, staying
the limit.
In the eighth Creedon, one of Tracey's
seconds, climbed into the ring, evidemly
to throw up the sponge, but Tracey
waved him back and clinched out the
round.
Rvan got him groggy in the start of the
ninth and Tracey dropped immediately.
Referee Yank Sullivan stopped count
ing to wave Ryan back and gave Tracey
more than the ten seconds. Kyan finally
floored Tracey with a right on the jugular
vein and Creedon thiew up the sponge
after forty-tive seconds of the round.
3teKlM.ET'a SPECIAL IRAIS.
Splendor on Wheel*. Tinted Red Within
and Without.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 24.— The special
train conveying President-elect McKinley
and his guests from Canton to Washing
ton will be known as the Pennsylvania
Railroad "Venetian red." all the cars com
posing the special being of that tint, with
in and without. . ■ ' -
. Th« train will consist of one baggage
car, two Pullman sleepers— Ardin and
Delphos — for the accommodation of th
inaugural coromitiee and representatives
of the press, and «reciai Pennsylvania
cars 505 and 308, which will tie occupied
by Major McKinley, bis family and per
sonal friends* The train will leave Can
ton Monday, L and is due in Pitta
burg at 1:15 a. m.. Eastern time; in Al
toona, 3:05 a. m; in HarrLsbure, 6:45 a. m ;
in Baltimor-at 9:45 a. m . and in Wash
ington at 11 a. M., March 2.
S.in Qu-frt ln Murderer Reprieeed.
SACiIAMENIO, Cal., Feb. 24. — The
Governor thia afternoon pranted William
Leary, under sentence of death at San
Quentin for murder, a reprieve of one year
on the eround of insanity.
DR. PIERCES
IS THE BEST.
A PERMANENT CURE.
Pi.AiNsßfßra, Cal . Nov. 5, I«S93L
Dr. .fierce * Son, s**n Fr-uc.sco.
GmrTLKiCKN— The leen-dollar Belt baa bee*
received and delivered, but nave not heard froai
■ < . -v-f •;.'■■ the ■ erson yet about the
''Ji.jtfiii \-j£ .' '• - J "suit, ° ul lam not afraid
iK\VW¥\vlS^ ut " him (omin? back on
j^>yy^S^*VS>^BTym me. as I nued one of your
Bg|[^ r '' I '«^>(J^ra Beits nine (9) rears ago
Ht??'>^?j^ : j_--=<J| and have never bee a
l^iS^iFrgSaTicly 1 *: troubled with pains In
nt^S#~ss'pFg-l<vN suy back or hips slpce.
1 -" =:£^r>-"^\ r» ° ron see why lam no:
* Jt^jr* " afraid to recommend y>or
*^i f Belt to any one suffering
c^ »ith a, weak back, pain i
in the hips and side, as I was, because It will cure
them — Lever to be doubted. I remain xoors to
help the sufferer. liEu. A. K.uiL
£3" There are no "-quack" doctor* connectel
with our establishment. Our electric belts cur >
without drugs i'ric s reasonable! No robbery!
Established 1875. .-end for free -Pamphlet >"o.
2." Magnetic Kiastlc Truss co. (Dr. Pierce A
eon). 704 Sacramento St.. cor. of Kearnr. seconl,
third aad fourth floors. Branch ofQce. 640 Marcel
St.. below Kearny. S. F. . -
AGKJOIES-K. K. O C )r.;nc«. 904 J St.. Sacra-
mento: Ahe Hoiden Drug Co.. cor. iialn and El
I>oraao s:s., mock ton; ueo. G. Mor house, cor.
Second and San Fernando sis., San Joss. ■ - ■
i Coughs and Colds §
j|v. CAN BE CURED. \\
I 1 If neglected they eaase that dread dis- • ( \
♦ ease, Consumption. .  ♦ -
II < I
<> i >
Jl Dr. Martin's Pain Curer {{
O Is a remedy that la uneqnaled. ©
5 Price, 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle <{
\\ ' -— -— —_ v\
\\: L. CALLISCH, J
♦ Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast 2
♦ San Jose, Cal. ' X
♦ ° r , s * by^ll d'Uggists. The trade V
© supplied by kedington A Co.. Mack A V
♦ Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Fran- *
( • ci«co. • . . • , •
A. W. iJrk. sec . . Jos. 2>iotdiaan, Treat. :
(Formerly 427 Kearny St.)
HAS REMOVED TO— -
-16 KEARNV STREET
00O0OO<KH>OO00
AN EXCELLENT
Tl 7TC? AT Properly prepared and I
JVI il^M L. promptly serred, can
**■"-" *^-' always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the TP^ ATA /•^l"^
Most Popalar HA ArK
Dining Apart- -I x\L^T\ V <* I *
' ment in town, ' mKmam^maß^B^^^^m
|<HKKK>O<KKHX>O<>THE NEW POSTOFFICE BUILDING.
Plans Have Been Slightly Modified, but It Is Substantially the Same Structure as Was Decided Upon Sojie Months Ago.
KIDNAPED
OR DEAD?
Mysterious Disappearance
of Little Douglass
Talbot.
SUSPICION RESTS UPON
HIS FATHER.
His Mother and Stepfather En
tirely Discredit Such
a Theory.
DETECTIVES BARD AT WORK
CN SLENDER CLEWS.
PacifioAvenue School Teachers Much
Disturbed— Second Occurrencj
cf the Kind.
Whistling a merry tune, little Douglass
Talbot started for school from bis home at
£6?0 Jackson street last Tuesday morning,
and now for any informa:ion conrerning
bis whereabouts one might as well ques
tion the sphinx.
Has he voluntarily absented himself
from home? Has he been kidnaped? Or,
worse yet, is he dead? These are the
questions that are disturbing the quietude i
of his stepfather's household and have i
driven his invalid mother into a frenzy of !
suspense and grief,
Concerned with the boy's mysterious i
disappearance are many vague rumor*, j
more or less authentic, some to the effect
thai he has at last followed a youthful
inclination to leave home and become a
modern Don Qaixote. and others that he !
has been stolen by his fnher, named La- I
mont. This latter theory ii entirely dis- \
credited at the Talbot residence, as it is
there believed the father of the boy died
in Australia three or four years ago.
Little Donglase is the son of Mrs. Talbot
wife of W. H. Talbot of the firm of Pope «fc
Talbot, wealthy lumber merchants, with
offices at 230 California street. She was
divorced fn.>m the boy's father some years
aeo.
He was a pupil of the Pacific-avenue
- School, located near the intersection of
Broderick street and Pacific avenue, and
was in i be sixth grade. He had- not at
tended school at all during the present
rr.or.th owing to the illness of his mother.
Tuesday morning, however, he started
(ior school once more.
I When 1 o'clock arrived and be had not
come home for luncheon the Japanese
Sutler was sent up to the school to find
out the cause. To the parents' wonder
end alarm it was discovered that neither
his teacher. Miss McCleary, nor any of
the pupils had seen anything of him.
Miss Shaw, the principal, was as ignorant
of his whereabouts as tne rest.
in the middle of the afternoon the but
ler was again sent up to tne school, and
when the time came for dismissing the
classes the coachman was also put on the
search, but nobody had yet seen anything
of the boy.
Then it was that the mother's alarm
grew so great that her husband deemed it
wi-e to communicate with the police, and
Detective Cody, with several assistants,
was immediately detailed on the case..
Meanwhile the parents drove out to
Golden Gate Park in a carriage, and
Fcoured all the country round about. The
homes of his- intimate companions were
visited, and tne region of the school thor
oughly pone over oy th* scouring parties,
but all to no avail. Night closed in and
, nothing of the boy had been seen.
From that time to this nothing has been
| learned at all. The suspense v that reigns
in the Talboi home is awful, and new
"theories are constantly appearing to ex
plain the boy's absence.
he strongest theory is that the boy has
rone off with lis father, in spite of tne
fact that it is com batted both by Mrs. Tal
-lot ar.a her husband. There are many in
cidents that give it ground for credence.
Mrs. Talbot was born in this City And ii
the daughter of Stephen Douglass, a sail
niaker, now. deceased. - Her Christian
f laker, now deceased. Her Christian
srne is Anna.
i When she was 18 years of ace she mar
jied a man named^Larnont, but some time
after she secured a divorce from him.
Then she married W. H. Talbot of the
firm of Pope & Talbot.
For ten years their domestic happiness
has remained unmarred and the first dis
turbing factor i- the disappearace of the
hoy,.X)ouglass. News reached Mrs. Talbot
four or live years ago that Lamont had died
in Australia.
Tner- are many who believe that he still
lives, and among them was the little boy i
himself. His own remarks showed this '
fact.
About one month ago little Robbie Law- j
ler, son of Dr. Lawler of Ban Quentin, said
to a boy companion:
"I wonder what's the matter with j
Douglass? He has everything that he j
could wish. He admits tha if he bad not
been told he would never have known
from the treatment he received that Mr.
! Taiboi was not his father. Yet some |
time ago he tola me he nad found out his j
father was in Australia, and he was go:nu
10 write to him to come and take him
away."
"We mijht take some stock in this no
tion," said Mr. Taiboi yesterday, "if we
did not know i «»*itiveiy that his father
died about four yeara ago. As for the boy
himself he was petted and pampered ;n
every conceivable way and was devotedly
fonu of his mother. Her illness has kept
him from school a great deal of late, as he
would not consent to leave her unless I
could remain.
'•Our belief is that he may have Been
kidnaped in the hope of extorting a large
sum for his return. Again his head was
tilled with all sorts ol romantic notions,
ana he early evinced a desire to go to sea.
He may have done so now.
"We do not believe that any accident
could have happened to him, such as
drowning for instance, as he never went
fishing and seldom played near the
water."
During this conversation Mrs. Talbot's
nerves kbvc way and she burst into a fit
of violent weeping. It was caused by the
thoUiTUt that something may so happen
to her founeen-year-o!d son- Leroy, now
attending St. Matthew's private school in
San Mateo County. The directors of that
institution have been, notified- of the
younger son's disappearance and told to
keep a close wa.cb. upon the elder.
At the residence of Dr. Liiillaw, 1715
Broderick, Mrs.. Talbot's sister said she
bad heard nothing at all, but she also be
li<>ved Lamoni was dead. -
Miss Shaw, the principal of the Pacific
avenue school, was much surprised over
the news. Snesaid:
"Detectives were here this morning, but
we were unable to give then: any informa
tion. The last any of the 'pupils saw of
the child was when he and his dog were
playing down at the beach last Monday.
"The boy was studious in bis habits,
quiet in demeanor and never gave any
trouble. We never had to keep vim after
school*
"I regret this sad occurrence very much,
because about a year aeo another boy dis
appeared from the school. It was after
ward discovered that his father had taken
him away. Parents are likely to get
frightened and imagine their children are
in danger of being kidnaped from here at
any time."
Laft night Special Officer Hillbusn re
mained on guard near the Talbot resi
dence.
The boy was 12 years of age. When he
left home he wore a gray suit.
Si FRANCISCO ,
WANTS A NEW
POSTOFFICE.
Continued from First Page.
to commence this work, and I shall not go j
near the Treasury Department until the
new Secretary is installed. I feel quite
confident that something can be done
then. Of course I am not expected to
have much influence with a Democratic
administration, but I shall n.«e my best
efforts to induce the new administration
to undertake this work as soon as it is in- i
stalled. Of course the work will be under
supervision of one of the assistant Secre
taries, and these may not be appointed for
a month or six weeks after the 4th of
March, but by the middle of April 1 hope
that we may pet the work under way."
Senators Perkins and White and Repre
sentatives Hiiborn, Johnson and Barbara
were seen, and in response to The Call's
urgent appeal promised to do everything
in their power to get the actual work of
construction commenced as soon as possi
ble. The Call correspondent learned to
nlgnt that a short time ago Senator Whito
and Representative Barnam saw Secretary
Carlisle, and urged that Thomas Beck oV
appointed superintendent of construction
of the building. Mr. Jttecfc superintended
the construction of the Santa Cruz Court
house. They were considerably surprised
when informed that Mr. Beck was not
eligible because be bad not passed the
civil service examination. Neither White
nor Barham were aware that civil service
examination bad been held for superin
tendent, but this appears to be the case.
Representative Johnson said that if
Judge Maguire had done bis du.y the Ban
Francisco PostoSice building by this time
wotiid have been fully under way of con
struction. "I will do all in my power to
advance its completion and give the un
employed of California a chance to earn a
living. I have always believed that the
Government should during hard limes ex
| pend money so that the suffering people
j should not have to seek chanty.
"I think the California delegation should
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1R97.
ask the Senate to put an amendment on
the sundry olvil appropriation bill asking
for $3000 for more borings and not take
this amount from the original appropria
tion for the building."
Representative Barham said he thought
the cause of delay in not only the Ban
Francisco Postoffice, but the improvement
of rivers and harbors, was owing to the
fact that the present administration did
not propose to issue more bonds during its
last days.
FOR ACTION.
The Work to Ba Started by Five
Bis Commercial Bodies.
Without doubt the Chamber of Com
merce, Manufacture™' and Producers'
Association, the Board of Trade of San
Franchco, California State Board of
Trede and the Merchants' Association will
taue the Postoffice proposition in hand.
Within the next two or three days a meet
ing will be held by the presidents of these
live large commercial and manufacturing
organizations with the view of uniting the
strength of their associations in one
miehty effort to effect the desired object,
namely, the beginning of-work on the new
Postoffice. The suggestion came from
Julian Sonntag, president of the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association,
who said: "It is high time thatsometbing
should be done in the matter of erecting
the new Postoffice. While efforts to have
the work started have been made in'the
past, still those efforts have been made by
individual organizations and not by all
combined. There is money on hand for
beginning the work of excavating and
there could be no better time than the
present, when times are none too flush
and when there is plenty of labor to be
had. It would certainly put money in
circulation at a time when it would do the
most good.
'•The live large commercial bodies com
bined would be able to make a fine show
ing in a demand upon the United States
authorities that the work be commenced.
As a preliminary to such a movement
there should be a meeting of Hugh Craig,
president of the Chamber of Commerce;
A. A. Watkinn, president of the Board of
Trade of San Francisco; W.F. Dohrmann,
president of the Me rchants' Association;
J. F. Chipruan, president of the California
State Board of Trade, and the president of
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
station (Julian Sonntag). Arrangements
could be made by which all these leaders
should send to the supervising architect
at Washington and to the Pacific Coast
Representative, urgently requesting them
lo do something to make the funds on
hand available for the nrat work on :he
site. lam willing to do all in my power |
to help such a movement alone. Some
thing ought to be done, and that at once."
Hugh Craig of the Chamher of Com
merce stated that ever since the Postoffice
■ji te was selected the chamber has done all
in its power to have the work begun. On
four occasions that booy sent most earnest
petitions to Congress, to the Pacific Coast
delegates and to the Treasury officials to
have the work started. Tne only answer
that has ever been received wa< that the
rlansof the building were being altered
or being prepared in tbo architect's de
partment. The last effort in this direction
was in June, 1896, when the Chamner sent
long, urgent resolutions to Washington. I
In regard to this matter Mr. Craig said:
"This would be a most excellent time for
making use of money that is appropriated
for Postoffice purposes. After the lot on
Seventh street was purchased there was
about $210,000 left over, which might just
as well as not be uaed for excavating the
lot, even though the plans for the build
ing proper have not been completed.
There is plenty of excavating to be done,
and this would give s- me relief to the
badly overcrowded labor market. At least
500 men could be put to work ctearine
away for the foundation, and every man
should receive the regular price of $2 a
day for his labor. Something should be
done to relieve ihe strain, for there are
900 men with families and fully 10U0 single
men who are now in the ranks of the un
employed. They must have work, and to
what. better use couid the Postofflce money
be put than in reliuving a lot of worthy
men who are willine to work? By hold
ing a meeting we could frame a petition
to the Secretary of the Treasury, asking
him to use his efforts in behalf of the San
Francisco Postottice."
Captain W. L. Merry is equally enthusi
astic in desiring that the first movement
in the erection of the Postoflice be made.
He said that the Chamber of Commerce,
of which be is the secretary, has made re
peated efforts to get the people in Wash
ington to do sometning in the desired
direction, but these petitions or requests
hay« always been turned off with some
excuse or other. He said that he is con
vinced that to start the work at once
would be of double benefit, and, with Mr.
Craie, be hopes that the public will take
up this matter and not stop until the
thing desired is accomplished.
J. F. Filcher, manager of the State
Board of Trade, stated that of all things
desirable to San Francisco this is one of
the most, as it would give employment to
a large number of men and thU3 relieve
the pressure on the labor market. He
baid: "It seems to me that we have had
enough nonsense about the Postoflice
building. We have the site and plenty of
money to begin the work: on the founda
tion. O.her cities have had postoffices
built since the San Francisco Postoffiee
project was started. They got their many
Bites and buildings, and we have only a
site. I will gladly telegraph to Sacra
mento to have President Chipinan come
down and join in toil conference with the
other bodies. For that matter, I would
round up half of the board for that pur
pose if it would be of any benefit.''
"The Call" Is Dolnff a Public Servlca.
City Hall Architect Frank Shea— The
Government is noted, in all other cases,
for pushing work upon public buildings
under it* contract rapidly, which makes
the delay here more noticeable and re
markable. The building should be erected
at one?, and The Call ia doing a public
service in advocating a more energetic
course. The first thin? to be done is to
ascertain, through cur Senators and Rep
resentatives at Washington, to what cause
the delay is due. That is the only way to
reach a proper understanding of the real
facts. The Postoffice building will be one
of the finest in the United States. Pressure
should be exerted on Representatives at
Washington. There are so many men
iiile that this is surely the opportune time
to make a start
To Help the Unemployed.
Colonel Sullivan, secretary to Mayor
Phelan — The delay in constructing the
Postoffice building is an outrage. When
the large number of unemployed is con
sidered the urgency appears. Consider
that our Postoffice is one of the most im
portant in the United States, yielding a
large revenue. Also consider the large
amount of money collected through the
Customs service and Internal Revenue
service here. Then iC will be seen how
unfairly we are being treated in this
matter. The only way to accomplish
anything is to get after our representa
tives in Washington. Action will follow
when the situation is fully compiebended
by the Government.
A Crylnjr Necessity.
Chief of the Fire Department Sullivan—
Of course there is need now for the new
Postoffice building, and there has been a
crying necessity for it during a long lime
— ever since the s:te was purchased by the
Government. The earlier the work is done
the better.
May Urge the Supervisors.
Supervisor Britt — The Board of Super
visors should ask the Legislature to peti
tion the Supervising Architect at Wash
NEW TO-DAT
An interesting little serial that shows how Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt wins a reputation by its true merit in curing
weakness and disease.
Tom
Buys a belt for his rheumatism, finds a cure
• ALAMEDA, Cal., November 30, 1895.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: You can r fer to me a* an example of what
your Belt will do. I Have used it for the past two months, and' 1 know it has saved
me from going to the hospital. I have been a sufferer from sciatic rheumatism, and
every fail for several years 1 have been laid up with it. Last fall I was laid up two
months,' and saw nothing to save mo from it this fall. I got your Belt just as it was
coming on, and I am pleased to say that my rheumatism has been completely knocked
out and lam enjoying good health. ~ I have been the means of Belling seven of your
famous Belts, and will continue to recommend it. Yours truly,
H. KRUGER, 3281 Cen.ral avenue, Aiameda, Cal.
and recommends it to
Dick
who also finds a cure after every-
thing else had failed, . £ .rl:lf
ALAMEDA, Cal., February 7, 1896.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Bir: In two months your wonderful Belt has cured
me of lumbago, from which. I have suffered for thirty years. I am 'sixty-four years
old and hare used many different remedies in years past for my trouble, but they had
no effect. lam acquainted with Mr. H. Kruger of Aiameda, ana through the fact
that I knew your Beit bad cured him of sciatica I was induced to try it. I also had
sciatica at different times so bad that I was laid up for two months, and it lias cured
me. and I cannot speak too hi^-hl" in praise of it. You can use my name. Grate-!
fully yours, HUGH FRASER, 2063 Encinal. avenue, .
Ex- Royal Deputy for State of California, Order of Scottish Clans.
and Harry
hears about it with the following results: ..V. ->
FOUTS SPRINGS. Cal., January 18. 1897.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I have now been wearing your Electric Belt a
little more than seven months. First I got a No. sas an experiment, which was not
strong enough for my case. ■ Afterward I got a stronger one. Mine -vas a very aggra-
vated ami long-continued case of rheumatism, and nervous debility. •: I had been
afflicted with rheumatism for forty-hve years, the last three yeats of which period I
suffered greatly from nervous debility. I am' now wonderfully improved.  My
nervous trouble is nearh gone. The parts are fast assuming their natural size and
shape. Action of my 'heart, which was greatly disturbed, ; is now nearly normal.
Although we are having a very disagreeables winter I feel no rheumatic trouble. I
am now nearly sixty-two years of age, and I consider mv improvement almost mirac-
ulous. . I shall not fail to recommend your Belt to all sufferer-. Yours truly,
. ...■. , '. W. H. STAPP..
All of which proves that Dr. Sanden's : EST~ " "'"' ' m
Electric Belt cures rheumatism,: Sciatica fORti hm^* -Jl -• ■'■■
and nervous weakness. When you are I e^SSSSS
looking for a remedy to cure you or" some [ tMLN--L - •«»«>**•
chronic malady be sure to get the right T^tiPfl\ _ _--^ ,^Sb».««
one, that is one ] (M** T?&si Iti^'wC'^ili \
Known by Its Cures. hwP JBS^ -
You will then make no mistake. If %g-MF fiat *< |M' :; -
you have Rheumatism, Sciatica, Lum- ll!SilS»iKt^ i^H I
\ bago, Weak Back or Kidney trouble you • - •■ :^ BBMa^JMTOyM JMmI
will do well to try Dr. Sanden's Electric - - ■ ■ HjhßmSsSl
Belt. It cures when all else fails. In- , (* ll^ wpawßWr^ r ' •
stant relief is found from all rheumatic $hvtt •^tßwwLJi+W'&S
pains. If you cannot call at the office /•!.»«• bill's^ 7
send for the little book "Three Classes .Y la 6 r JB
of Men," which explains the remedy and \<^MCII.
its cures. The accompanying Illustration; ; \____J . -"""^esks. f
shows the book, which is sent free by -. N— - "^ •• -'^^L
mail for the asking. Call or address I ■■ ■- - ■ ■- ■■- -  -
SAKTIjiBTM BLiBOTRIO 00..
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE . MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
; Office tour*— B A. M. to BP. M. ; Sundays,' 10 to 1.- Los Angola* Office 204 South Broad-
way; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street. -■
hOlk.,— .MuJie no mistake »v me number— 632 Market sireob
ington to act at once. I am very glad
that Thk Call has taken up this matter.
Very likely I will introduce a resolution
at the next meeting of the board and
speaic upon it. Our Representatives and
Senators at Washington ought to be
stirred up and cause the architect to be
instructed to proceed.
Would Put Coin In Circulation.
Supervisor Devaney— The local labor
question can be solved at once for a time
at least by beginning and pushing with
necessary vieor the work upon the new
Postoffice buiiding, for a large force of
skilled and unskilled workmen must be
employed and their employment would
cause a large amount of money to be
placed in circulation. California has fared
poorly at the hands of the General Gov
ernment — San Francisco conspicuously,
and Oakland has not been treated as it
ought to have been. This is the time to
do the work without delay. I will vote in
tbe board in favor of calling attention to
this matter.
Our Rf pr- sentatlv^s to Blame,
Edward W. Williams, clerk of tbe Jus
tices' Coun — Oar representatives at Wash
ington have been to blame. The present
delegation should do tbe business for U9.
I do not know any better thing for San
Francisco than the beginning of work on
the new Postoffice. We have two San
Francisco ConKressraen. Two Senators
can also be credited to San Francisco, for
they were elected by the votes of San
Francisco Senators and Assemblymen at
Sacramento. The present .Postoffice is the
worst west of ihe Rocky Mountain?. I
think that it would be well to ask tbe Leg
islature to send on a memorial to Wash
ington to urge our representatives to take
the proper action.
»£W TO-DAT — CtOTHING.
fjL; jj Stupendous
iff Offer
I A I BYBB MADE
-¥^L SAN FRANCISCANS
$10, $12, $15 and $16 fa J&%
SUITS. FOR TWO <^fe%
WEEKS ONLY, Cut to
Once, only once, before have .we ever paralleled this
marvelous offer.
The Suits are gems. Beautiful effects in light Grays
and Havana Browns ; fashionable Cheviots in Blue
and Black and pretty Worsted Serges in dark shades.
Made up in single and double breasted sacks. Every ■■
suit guaranteed to be pure wool and sold with the un-
derstanding that we are to keep them in repair one year
free of charge.
Don't be deceived by fakers imitating our name and
number. Look for the name S. N. WOOD & CO.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS), .
541 Market Street.
Directly Opposite Sansome.
. . .- «... ■
RAILROAD TRAVEL. .
SIS FMMSCO& NORTH PI-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry— Foot or Market 'it,
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. X.: 13-3 V
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 -.30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:S J
and 11:30 P.° m.
SUNDAYS- >: 00. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:34
b:00. 6:20 p. M.
■ San Rafael to ««n rranoUoo.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:' JO, 11:10 A. <*.-
-12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trl pi
at 1 :55 p. K. and 8:35 p. m. "*
SUNDAYS— 8:lu. 8.40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40,3:4%
6:00.6:25 p. M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Part same
schedule as above.
Leave , tt>»««^» ' - Arrive
San Francisco. o°t 14? 8 n Fra °cisoa
Wikk Sun- i^^fnation. 8 f»- i Wkbc~"
Dayb. ! pays. "C'tination. PAY 9. ] DATS.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 AMI 8:40 AM
S:3O pm »:30 aml Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 1 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. [ 7:36 pm 6:22 fk
" Fulton,
7:30 am . Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg, -
i ytlon,
G«yservlUe, I
3:30 pm 8:00 AM Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm 6:22 px
• Pieta.
i Hopland &
7:30 am I 8:00 ami Uklah. 7:35 6:28 pm
7:30 am '" 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:36 pm -
8:30 pm . -. • • 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 aU Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 PM
7:30 am 1 00 AMI Seba . tODO . 110:40 am ] 10 :2 >am
3:3opmls:UOpm| 10 01 - | 6:10 pm| 6:','2pm
Staces connect at Santa Rosa for Mar* .West
Springs: a: Geyservllle for Skafm Springs; a:
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kt-lseyville. Soda Bay and l*akeport: at
HopUnd for Lakeport and Bart Springs: at
Uklah lor Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Bios
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Boonevllle,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bras*, Westport, Usal, wiii««tB. Canto, Co-
ve!b. Laytonvlile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. ■ .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rat— . j-^ ?
" Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle hnnainj.
A.W.FOSTER, ... B. X. RYAJS.
Vres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic -^^^^rj
BAILKOAU ' i^^^^^t^M
Trains leave and arrir* •tSfISSsSSI !
*larkfci-Strect Furry. fe£&S^?s»PS[rifii3 ;
SASTA FEIXPRESS.
Xo Chicago 'via A. Jb P . \S§£s£&£?a\iT ea
Direct Line * ; *»^^^O^
Leaves da ly at 6: JO p. M..carrTlnr Pullman Pslaos
praw.ag-room and .Modern Upnolstvred Tourist
Sleeping-cars, which run dally through to Chtoart
via Kansas City. Annex cars tor Denver and Be.
Boa. on Kxcurslons, via Kansas City,' ChleawL
Montreal end the White .Mountains leave ever*
Tuesday. *
The best railway from California to the East,
New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery,
ana good meals In Harvey* dlnine-roonis.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle liulldlnfr. Telephone Mala
1031. ,1118 .Broadway.
houht maim'
WEKK DAYB-U-aveS. F. 9:l* a. M. 1:45 p. M.
«« Raturnlnc-Arnve 8. K. 3:25 p m. 6:20 p S.
BTJNDAYS— Le*veS.F.BA.lt 11:K0a.m. l:3op£
Returning— Arrive 5.F.1 :16 r.M.4:20 p.m. 7:35 p£
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or :
1, :„ THOn COOK & >O.VH, 631 Market St., S. F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpal* tJctalo Ball way,
THE SAX fr\jcisco Uj m loMll
VALLEIf RAILWAY- COSPAW.
; F^. M ru J n A^ RY 31 ' 1897 ' P«"«« train,
houthbound. Stations. Northbound.
• 7:20 a. m. ..........Stockton:... 6:40 p. m.
9:*9 am Merced 8:14 p m.
11:t0AM........... .Fre5n0.... 1:10 p. M.
For Intermediate stations see time-table.
Connecting steamboats of the C N. i i. Co.
leave BaaFcauclaco and Stockton at 6 r. m. daily, ,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
— ■ — ~~-. — — — ,
notTiiKii> pacific company.
(pacific .system.)
train* Irurr and hit due to nrrf Sit
man i'Kam:im:o.
LEAVg — I BOM Fkbbcaby 15, 1897 — ARBIVB
•li:O*A Kilts, Jose and Way Stations... 8:45 a
7:OOa Atlantic Kxpress. Ogilen and Kaf.t.. HiiSr
7s»oa Benicia. VacaTille, Rumsey. Sacra- -
mento. OroTille and Uedding via
DarU 0:43?
7: JO a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Naps,
Oalistoga ami .Santa Rosa : 6i13«
B::tt>A Xi'ii-n, Sun Jose. .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Mary.tville, Chico,
Tehama an. l Reil lilulT «il9p
•■:3Oa Peters au.l Milton *7:13r
9:UOa N«w Orleans Impress, Raymond (for
Yosemite), Fresno, )>akersiield.
.Sunta liurbnra, l.os Anc-lfn, Dent-
ing, El l'aso. New Orleans and ,
East '.. 4:43p
B:OOa Martinez and Stockton.... 4:4.".p
9:OOa Vallejo 6:13p
....... Niles, San J"r.e, Liveriuore and
Stockton 7:1.1p
•I:OOp Sacriunontn River Stemncrs »!>:O0p
I:OOp Miles, San Jose and Uvermore ' 8:43 a.
f 1 :UOp Port Costa and Way Stations f3USr
4:OOi- Martinez, San Uamon. Vallejo.
Napa, Cnlisloga, lil Verano and ' - •'
Santa 9ilSa
4:0 Op Benicia, ■ VacaTill?, Woodland.
! K::fglits Landing, Marysville, Oro-
vi i it; ami Hacrniuen'o •. 11:13 a
4«50p Latiirop. Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
< cod and- Fresno, going via Kiles,
returning via Martinez 111404
BiOOp Los Angeles Express. Tracy, »^
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los '4. aml
Angelts 7.45*
OlOOp Banta ]'°<; Route, Atlantic Express -,
forM..ja»« ami K»5t... ........... » 7 :45 A
«:OOp Kuropean Mail, Ogden and East.... 9M3a
«t«oi> Ilayvarils, NUeeanil San .lose 7:434
}7:oOj»VaUcjo 17:43*
7:WOp OwpOD I'.tprees. fjaemmeuto, Marys*
villu. ReddiiiK, Portland. Piigek
Sound and lOast lltlSA
*flO:Oep " Sunset limited." . Fresno, Los
Angeles, Bl Paso, New Orleans
and East «,l2:4Sp
_ SANTA CUD/ tUVI>ION (Narrow <Jauire). -
• »|I>A Newark.t.'ciitervJlJc.Saii.loso.Felton,
Creek, Santa l-'ruz and Way
1 Stations...; ; OtSOp
•*:18p Newark, Centerville, San ,)ose. New •
Almaden, Ft'lton. ltouldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal .Way ■ I •
Stations "11:20 a
. 4:1.1 r Newark, Snn .lose and l.os <jatos... O:3Oa
tll:4f>p Hunters'. Excursion, San Jose and ' ■-
Way Stations t7:gop
COAST IHWSIO.N (lliir.l I lowiispii.l Slk.)
0:43 a (iaii June ami Way stations (New
Al mat it- u Wcdnosdajs only) .'. llSOp
•(ISA San Jose, Tres l'iuos, Snnt» Cruz.
Pacific «,ri>Te. Pnsn Rubles, .San
J,i i OWspo, Guad*Jupe, Surf and.
- I'iiiicipal Way Stations 7:0 Op
IO:4Oa San Josunnd Way Stations ' B:O0p
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations . 3:3U>
•2:3«r San Mateo, Menlo Park, Man .lone,
• Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Sauta Crur,
Salinas,Montrrey und I'acilicUrove *1O:4OX
. •:»::i«p San Jose und Way HUlions 6:45
•4:30p Sao lose and Way Stations •H:O3a.
- si3Oi> Sa- .Jose ami Priucipal Way Stations *8:43 a
«:3Oi» San Jose and Way Stations R::lsa
<ll:43l- San .loso and V.'ay Stations 17:4.>
■NAN LKA.NOItO AMI IIAtUAKUS LU<UL.
i'C:«OA." . .. ■ ~ ~~ T~? 7:13 a
8:OOa | , . (9:13 a
io.'ooa ! Helrose, Seminary Park, IVliisJ
a -I;»2* Fit^J.b«r s ,B»«Lea«dro «!*^
fZ\ -« \ ts&
IS Eajvrarda, «:{^
7!« Op . 8:451-
-9: OOp ' Runs through to Niles. . lO:5Op
HlUirteJ » I"rom Niles. j tU8:OOP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rronSIS FEiSCISCO— root of Mtrket Street (Slip 3)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 J3:M
M:00 ts:oo_*6:ooe.tf. i
rromOAEUSD— Foot : ' «6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. tI2:CO . . *l:00 t3:00 ~ *3:00 ti'^o
*5:00r.M. '
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTuecdaj s and Saturdays. 6 Sundays and Thursday*.
■-
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 18, 1893.
WEEKDAYS. -
For Mill Valley and bun Rafael— »7:2s. •9-15.
11:00 A. M.. *1:45. 3:45, »a:l6. »i:45, :S0 P.lt
■ Extra trips for Sin Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays a. 11:30 i: M. - » ■ •
» !.' ;:■: i SUNDAYS. ~ •; r- ...
For Mill. Valley. and. San Pafael— *B:oo, •10-00
•11:810 a. it.: *1:SO. 3:00, »¥:>.o, 8:16?! It.
Trains ruarked • run to San Uuentln. ■ '
• > THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and wav stations— 7-2B a w
Weekdays, 8 K)0 a. v. Sundays, 1:45 p. U. %££.
dsy s. . . -'■-.- • .;..--.. . > * - -. -
ior Cazadcro and wav stations— 7:2s a. m. vawk.
J»oya;,li4s p. v. Sa;ur<:»jr«, 7..... * w-e^
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOB.
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Fre« :
Daily »nd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.18
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .68
Sunday Call, one year, by ni»l!.. 1-&0
V* uklv Call, one year, by mall > *•*«
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone • Main— IBM
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone JCatn-1174
BRANCH OFFICBSt
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
8:80 o'clock.
838 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
015 1 arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW, corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
in til 9 o'clock.
£518 Mission street-, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 I'ol* street; open until 9:30 O'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE J
Boomg 81 and 82, 84 Park Bow, Sew York City.
DAVID M. FuLTZ, Eastern .Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
THURSDAY FEBRUARY SB, 1897
During the week ending Sat-
urday last THE CALL published
4500 inches
of advertisements, which is
492 inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
How about our new Postoffice building?
There is one consolation: Grover must
get a more on in eight days.
Congress gave us an appropriation for a
new Postoffice building many years ago,
but where is it?
The Legislature promises to force the
fighting and try to knock the session out
in two rounds of one week each.
The agitation for free Cuba has revived
in the East with new vigor and now is the
time for San Francisco to speak out.
According to reports from the East, the
blizzards are over and floods are submerg
ing several districts as harbingers of spring.
San Jose will meet the new era with a
new charter and be as proud and lively as
a debutante at a frolic with a license to
flirt.
The object of the Greeks in invading !
Crete seems to be parth' to bring about
pan-Hellenism and partly to pot the
Turks.
Greece does the fighting and England
does the talkine, but it is evidently Russia
that holds the lort and has the say-so in
the crisis.
The San Dlegc carnival committee
closed its fro ics with all bills paid and
money in the treasury. It was a water
carnival, but it wasn't at all at sea.
There would be work for a cood many
of the unemployed if ihe construction of
ournew Postoffire building were underway
and sonif effort should be made at once to
get ii started.
It seems clear that the only way to get a
move on the Government officials who are
holding ba^k the work of constructing the
new Postoffice bu lding in this City is to
start an agitation which will shake
them up.
The situation in the Levant involves a
curious contradiction. It is cvervwhere
said that the existence of the Turkish em
pire is r. menace to the peace of Europe,
and yet all the great powers are in alliance
to keep it in existence.
As Senator Sherman says the fake in
terview purporting to come from him
which was rec ntly published in the
Examiner was "sheer idiocy," it may be
t;i ken for granted that it was written in
.thatoffiie, being in fact another Li Ynnz
Yuen telegram.
If reports from Havana are true it is full
time tor v squadron of warships to be sent
by our Government to that port in order
to protect our citizens residing there. The
vindictive spirit of the Spaniards has been
aroused and there may be an outbreak of
Violence at any time.
If Judge McKenna had any doubt of the
favor with which his appointment to a
position in the Cabinet has been received
in this City it must have been fully al
layed by this time. All classes and par
ties of citizens have unite I in doing him
honor and making a feast of it. He has
In fact been so toa«ted that he need have
no fears of ever being roasted.
It is 'aid to have taken eight freightcars
to carry to "Washington City the personal
belongings of Charles P. Sprague, a mil
lionaire Congressman-elect from Massa
chusetts. It is safe to say, however, that
some poor statesman from the West will
go there with nothing but a hair trunk
and a gripsack and cut a bigger swath at
the capital and have a larger hearing out
side.
As dishonest butter-makers in other
States have been shipuing butter to
Europe under the brand of New York,
where the butter is kept up to standard
by official inspection, a movement is to
be made to get Congress to authorize the
copyrighting of the New York State brand
. for dairy products. If the plan succeeds
why should we not have a State copyright
for California fruit?
The New York Congressman who on the
floor of the House opposed the Boston
dry dork bill, but declared his sympathy
with the people of that City "in trying to
make Boston a seaport," will find himself
grossly misunderstood by the people with
whom he sympathized. Tney will be sure
to regard his speech as inappropriate to
the occasion and wonder where he ob
tained his lack of culture.
There may yet be formed a great Eu
ropean diplomatic council to sit perma
nently at Constantinople to keep tbo peace
in the Levant, and this council of em
bas?adors may eventually act in the set*
tlement of nearly all international ques
tions, so that in the course of time Con
stantinople may become the diplomatic
capital of Europe, A«ia and Africa, and
eclipse the glory of the days when she was
the center of the Roman empire.
THE POSTOFFICE BUILDING.
According to reports from our correspondent at Washington it is not likely that
we shall see the beginning of work on our new postoffice building for a long time
unless some means can be devised to induce the Government officials to act with much
more speed and promptness than tney seem inclined to do. The supervising archi
tect declares the Government is not yet satisfied that the site is a safe one for the
proposed structure. New tests are to be made, and these have not yet been begun.
The attitude of the administration toward this work has long been
irritating and is now of a character to arouse indignation. The agitation
for a new ToatofHce building in this City dates back to a time so remote
that the memory of the oldest inhabitant hardly runs so far. After years of
agitations, requests, arguments and pleadings Congress was induced to vote an
appropriation for the work. Still the work was not begun. Upon one excuse or
another it has been delayed year after year. For a time it was said that the Govern
ment doubted whether the site selected was suited fcr the structure. At another time
it was repotted that the office of the supervising architect was overworked and that
plans had not been prepared. Still later it was declared that the drain upon the
public treasury was such that the Government could undertake no work not abso
lutely necessary or not Imperatively required by act of Congress.
Each of these excuses served its turn. The demand of the public for the construc
tion of the work was allayed again and again. So the years have passed and the
money appropriated by Congress lies idle in the treasury, the Governmeut officials
sit apparently idle at their desks and San Franrisco is seemlnely no 'nearer the
accomplishment of her long desire for the new building than she was when the agita
tion for it first began.
When the tests of the site were made by engineers of the War Department fully
two years ago it was fondly hoped that we were near the beginning of the work. It
will be a surprise to our people to learn now that this report is considered inadequate.
It looks, indeed, as if this administration had no intention at any time to carry out
the act of Congress providiog for the building, and as if its officials were using any
thing as an excuse for delay.
This Leing the ca?e it is time for the people of San Francisco to renew
the agitation. A large number of men ia this City are clamoring for em
ployment. Private generosity is being called coon to subscribe money to
provide work for those who need it. It would be a most opportune season,
therefore, for the Government to now enter upon the task of erecting the
proposed building. The site has been selected, the money has been appropriated,
plans fcr the building have been drawn up, and it would seem that nothing is needed
to set the work moving except a will to do so on the part of those who have been en
trusted with it.
A new administration will soon be in office, and from that we may expect better
things than we have received from this administration of deficiency and debt
We should begin at once to worlc to the end of inducing the McKtnl«y
administration to undertake the structure without further delay. In these
efforts all the people of San Francisco should unite. Every association rarre
senting any department of the industry or the business interests of the City sbftuld
add its influence to the movement and give all the active aid in its power. Let us
make it known at Washington that San Francisco needs the new building, that her
unemployed workinemen need the work which it will require, and that it is the duty
of the officials of the Government to proceed at once in carrying out the act ol Con
gress appropriating money for the building.
A TEUE OALIFOBNIAN.
If Judge McKenna at any time had any
doubt of the popular favor with which his
selection for a position in the McKinley
Cabinet would be received by the people
of California, it niu?t have been fully and
thoroughly dispelled by this time. His
appointment was everywhere nailed with
gladness. The pr»ss throughout the State
gave expression to the sentiments of re
joicing which were universally felt, and
he has had additional proof of the pleas
ure of the people In the banquets which
have been tendered him in this City by
men representing all classes and all par
ties.
The testimonials of esteem shown to
Judge McKenna are to a large extent per
sonal. Ii is quite true that the people re
joice in his appointment because it gives
a Califorman a place in the great execu
tive council of the Nation, but it is equally
true that they would not have been so
much gratiri d had not the man chosen
been one whom they delight to honor
and whom they bel.eve to be worthy
of being the first representative of Califor
nia in the Cabinet of the Nation. Judge
McKenna may rightly accept a large por
tion of the congratulations given him as
being tributes to himself as well as being
expressions of gratified State pride. The
peopl rejoice ce~ause their State has at
tained a high office and because the man
who will fill it wiil add a new honor to the
State by the manner in which he will per
form his duties.
In his address at the banquet on Tues
day evening Judge McKenna showed how
thoroughly he is in sympathy with the
sentiments of his fellow-citizens. After
pointing out that a Cabinet officer is not a
representative of a State, be expressed his
recognition of the fact that an appoint
ment to such an orrice is in some sense an
honor to the State from which the man
who receives it hails. "In that sense," he
said, "setting aside my own connection
with the matter, I may rejoice that a Cali
fornian Is in the Cabinet."
With words of genuine earnestness
Judge McKenna declared his devotion to
the State and his determination to work
with all his energy for its welfare. "I
love California," ha said, "lor its sheer
physical beauty and genial climate. I
love it in its higher *ensibility, in its
birth, in its lie and its action. I shall co
into the Cabinet a Californian, And that
shall be my highest title." These were
right words fitly spoken. They were in
harmony with the occasion and touched
the sympathies of all who were present.
California was doing honor to one of her
fortunate sons, and it was most appropri
ate that he 6hould receive the tribute
paid him witn due recognition of what he
owes to his State and with clear expres
sions of bis loyalty to it
It is a source of gratification that in the
first appointment to the Cabinet from
California the selection has been male of
a man whocarries with him into his office
the respect and the esteem of all his fel
low-citizens. Bnch a man in such an office
will have great influ-nce in promoting
that spirit of harmony which ia essential
to California patriotism. Having the con
fidence of all his lellow-citizens, and being
recognized by men of ail parties as a truo
and loyal representative of California, he
will be able to serve the West in many
ways, and we may rightly rejoice in hav
ing such a man to stand for our State in
the Cabinet.
FALSE BRANLS.
The injury done to articles of standard
merit by the practice of dishonest dealers
in putting the brand of these articles upon
others of inferior worth has long been
known in the United Stntes and has been
frequently complained of. Almost every
section of the Union suffers in some of its
industries (rom the practice, and repeated
efforts have been made to devise a means
of preventing the evil.
It is now reported that a new effort in
the direction of securing the needed pro
tection for standard articles is to be made
by the dairymen of New York. The dairy
law of that State provides that the State
Agricultural Commissioner shall furnish
a brand to butter manufacturers, snd the
produce under the law is kept up to a
certain standard. As a consequence of
this butter bearine the New York brand
has found a profitable market in Europe.
It seems, however, that butter-makers in
other States where tbere is no official in
spection have found out the value of the
New York Drand and are now shipping
Dutter to Liverpool under the stamp of
that State. The consequence is the repu
tation of the brand is being injured, and
the New Yore butter-makers are losing the
trade they have so laboriously built up.
To prevent ouch shipments in future a
bill is to be offered in Congress to nuthor
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1897.
ize the copyrighting of the New York
State brand. Such a law would protect
New York dairies and the reputation they
have established from being undermined
by dishonest dealers. It is not clear
whether such special legislation would be
favorably regarded in Congress, but the
dairy interests of the Empire State are
strong enough to mike a fight for it, and
the proposed bill will probably be intro
duced at the next session.
The California fruit industry has suf
f red as much from the practices of dis
honest dealers as has the industry of New
York. It has become the custom in some
of the Eastern cities for dealers in fruit to
label inferior fruits with California brand*.
This evil has been exposed time and
again, bat up to this time no adequate
remedy has been provided against it.
There will be a good deal of sympathy
therefore in California with th? New York
dairymen. If a State brand can be copy
righted forda:ry products, there seems no
reason why one should not be copyrighted
for fruit products, and if so we might de
rive as much benefit from the proposed
legislation as New York itself. The sub
ject, at any rate, is one deserving consid
eration, and the California delegates in
Congre-s should watch the progress ot the
New York oill in order to Califor
nia interests when it crimes up.
"SHEER IDIOuY."
In an interview with Thk Call corre
spondent at Washington Senator Saer
man took occasion to express himself very
emphatically on the course of the New
York Journal and the San Francisco
Examiner in publishing what purported
to be a statement from him, but which
was in fact not only a fake but a deliber
ate falsehood. The Senator denounced
the statement of Mr. Hearst's papers as a
lie and declared that the reports in them
were of such a nature as to mate it "sheer
idiocy to print such statements as emanat
ing from me."
It was hardly necessary for Senator
Sherman to deny the interview which was
published. T;ie statements contained in
it were, as he says, "sheer idiocy," and
could have dccc ved nobody who had any
knowledge ott « Senator's charac er and
;ecord as a statesman. He did not need
therefore to deny them to save his own
reputation, but it was neverthele«s worth
his while to do so, inasmuc i as public at
tention can never be too often called to
the falseness of ihe so-called news which
is printed daily by Mr. Hearst's papers.
We havft had repeated occasion of late
to refer to these "sheer idiocies." The
fakes whicn emanate irom the new jour
nalism have not even the merit of bring
ciever. No amount of exposure seems to
animate the fakers with a desire to do
better next time. The LI Yung Yuen
dispatch, which was the object of so much
ridicule a nhort time ago, has been fol
lowed by another dispatch purporting to
come from the K'ng o^ Greece, and by
several others hardly less idiotic. Not
the slightest attempt is made by tbe
falters to give even the color of truth to
their alleged dispa:ch»s, and they lie
with an equal facility about every class of
people from statesmen to prize-fighters,
from Chinese to Greeks.
Senator Sherman, owine to tha fact that
he is soon to enter upon the office of Sec
retary of State, feels no doubt more than
ordinarily sensitive to the misrepresenta
tions which may be made of th j policy
which he will pursue in h:s new office. It
was therefore no doubt extremely irritat
ine to him to find two newspapers pub
lishing in flashy style and with great dis
play headlines an idiotic fake purporting
to be statements direct from him and
containing a falsehood in every line. He
is, therefore, justified in using harsh lan
guage concerning the men who so delib
erately published the falsehoods. To call
the interview "a lio" and to refer to its
publication as "sheer idiocy" was none
too severe under the circumstances.
CLAIMS THh CRti j! F^RJOHN HAY
Kansas City star.
Ex- Attorney -General William* of Kansas
City says he is responsible for John Hay's start
in life. Hay lived in Warsaw, 111., and Wil
liams was studying law at Qulncy. Hay was a
country poet in those days— the "Unlettered
Bard" he subscribed himself. He wrote a
quality of poetry that made Mr. Williams
tired, and his rural airs and manners were
•imply Killing to the practical Qniucy boy.
"I'll drive that fellow off the riTer," Mr. Wil
liams declared one day, and so ne did.
Mr. Williams got himself together one day
and wrote the rottencst sort of alleged verses.
These he signed, "The Cnbuttered Bard," and
caused them to be Drinted on coarse brown
wrapping paper, such as grocers used Jn those
days. Then he stole up to Warsaw, and in the
dead hour of night he posted the "Unbuttered
Bard's" verses all over the town. This took
tbe conceit out of Hay in au hour. A stern
resolve came into his face and the next week
he left town, going to Springfield, where Lin
coin tooit him Into his law offioe. and after
ward installed him in the Wnite House as his
private secretary.
"Whatever Jonn Hay is or will be," Mr. Wil
liams once said, "1 made him. If I had not
caused him to see himself as others saw him
he would never have left Warsaw, and leaving
Warsaw was what gave him his start."
PERSONAL
H. Jackson is registered at the Pal&ce.
Robert t». Percival of Londoa i» at the
Palace.
C R. Gilbert, a mining man of Butte, is at
the Palace.
C. ML Root, a mining man of Calaveras, is at
the Grand.
R. J. Latnos of Grant! Pass, Or., is a late
arrival here.
F. A. Boole, a business man of Red Bluff, is
at the Grand.
R. Sen mid, a business man of Yokohama, is
at the Occidental.
A. W. Watts, a business man of Anacortes,
Wash., is In town.
A. 11. Alters, a business man of Cincinnati,
Ohio, is at the Russ.
J. 11. Beach of Boston arrived here yesterday.
He Is at the Occidental.
Dr. W. M. Lawlfr, the physician at San
Quentin prison, is in town.
J. R. Darwin, a mining superintendent of
Grass Valley, is in the City.
Ex-Superior Judge A. P. Catl in Is on a visit
to this City from Sacramento.
P. N. Skinner, a business man of Portland,
is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
James Simpson, the wealthy lumberman of
Eureka, Humboldt Bay, Is at the Lick.
Ex-Minister to Japan Frank L. Coombs, now
Speaker of ihe Assembly, is in the City.
George Wadeworth Middle ton, an American
business man of Yokohama, is in the City.
Mrs. Wiley J. Tinnin of Fresno, wife of ex-
Burveyor Tinnin of this port, Is at the Grand.
George A. Legg, a hardware merchant of
Nevada City, has arrived here on a business
trip.
Edward H. Greenleaf and Dr. H. Side-
Doiham, of Boston, are among the arrivals
here.
G. B. Smith and J. Ernest Smith, leading
business men of Wilmington, Del., are at the
Palace.
11. B. Hobson, a mining and business man
of Inesnelle, British Columbia, is.at the Com
mercial.
K. Okagakl, a merchant of Tokio, is In the
City on his way to New York and other East
ern cities.
Mrs. Davis, Mrs. Leeker and Sam Davis of
Merced are among the recent arrivals at the
Cosmopolitan.
Phil Turner end wife of New York are tour
ing this State and have taken apartments at
the Cosmopolitan.
A. T. Gallagher, one of the early settlers of
Alvlso and owner of a large fruit farm there,
is here on a business trip.
George A. Peltier, owner of stores and
mining property in Nevada, is in the City,
accompanied by Mrs. Peltiar.
Charles R. Hamilton, an attorney of Ross
land, the new and big mining town of British
Columbia, is among the arrivals here.
Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Howell of Cleveland,
Ohio, who nave been on a tour of China, Japan
and other countries, are at the Palace.
G. Yamanougli and K. Takata, Japanese
students, and H. Ikuta, a brewer of Yoko
hama, are at the Occidental. They are en
route to Europe.
Henry H. Heppner, the pioneer sheep-raiser,
store-owner and founder of the town of
Heppner, Or., is in the City. He has been
visiting Southern California.
John Philip Sousa of Sousa's band, Mrs.
Northrop, Miss Johnstone ami Frank Chers
tlaner, members of the band, arrived here
yesterday, and are at the Palace.
Albert Pederson, a tobacco-grower for many
years In Sumatra, was among the arrivals by
the China. He says it Is very peaceful in
Sumatra now Hnd that the tobacco croj- is
good. He is on his way to Europe.
M. R. Jefferd« of New York, who for a time
held a franchise fora railroad from Peking to
Nankow, a dintance of about 900 miles, was
one of the passengers of the steamer China
yesterday, which for a week past has been in
quarantine.
Mrr. T. R Jernigan, wife of United States
Consul JernUan of Shanghai, and children,
and Mrs. W. C. Hlxon. wife of the United
States Vice-Consul at Foochow, have arrived
here from China and are en route East to their
former homes.
George McCue of Circle City, an early pio
neer of the Yukon mines, who died at the
Commercial on Washington's birthday, will b3
buried to-day in the Masonic Cemetery. Mc-
Cue was widely known among Yukon miners.
At one time he had considerable mining prop
erty, but It dipped piece by piece through hlg
hands, so that now nothing is lctt.
Ben tfehrfritz, a wealthy brewer of Kam
loops, B. C, who owns a number of mining
properties in Nicaragua, is here on the way to
the mines to close a sale of them with a
wealthy syndicate for $150,000. He has
already been paid $5000 ots the property. Mr.
Wehrfritz is an old friend of P. 8. Montague ot
this City, acd formerly owned extensive and
rirh mining Interests at Tombstone and other
places in that vicinity. He intsnds leaving
for Nicaragua on March 3.
THE IRO.\Y OF FATE
He bad foneht in many a battle and escaped with
out a wound,
He bad met stampeded cattle and had bravely
held hl-> Broun 1;
He had hunted in Montana, aod been snowbound
on he p aln.
And bed soj.Mirn"d In Havana wnen the plagu*
was ralsi; g (.aln.
He hnd crossed the stormy ocean many a time
wit. in mishap:
He'd recovered from a potion fixed up by a Jealous
Jap:
He bad been a reckless rover from the moment ot
bis birth,
And had traveled almost over «v«ry portion of the
tariti.
He'd encountered every danger that you've ever
rend about:
He b»a been a Texas ranger and a reckless army
scout.
But the moral. if there's any in this humble little
tale,
Is that be died from stepping on an ancient rusty
nail. — cirveiaud Leader.
Letters From the People.
THE UNEMPLOYED.
A Sugatition That Small Farms Jic
Opened for Bon%'-beeh*r». '
Editor Call: This, the most glorious coun
try on earth! Thousand* ot men and women
walking the streets, unable to find employ
ment even at a pittance to tarn enough to
keep body and soul together. California, by
nature the most lavishly endowed State in this
Union, in regard to soil and cUmate, where a
very few acres will produce sufficient fur the
subsistence of a family. California, where her
surplus product* are often dumped in the bay
in order to keep the wharves clear for con
stantly incoming cargoes of nature's gilts,
where often whoie boatloads of toothsome fish
are thrown overboard in order to keep up the
high price; yes, the for a poor man prohibi
tive price of mat by nature freely supplied
fooa source. There are millions of acres of
land in this State to-day, of which one ten
thousandth part would produce sufficient
grain, fruit, vegetable*, etc, to sustain an
ordinary family, yet there are thousands of
willing and able men and women crying for a
chance to work for a living, and instead ot
soliciting subscriptions for the bull lint? 'of
boulevard, park drive or something similar
.why not buy and equip say, a 10,000-acre farm
and put the unemployed to work on it with
the understanding that they would finally be
come the owner of each a few acres on which
they could by Industry and frugality, as prac
ticed in older and I might say colder countries,
become independent, or at least wouid
not need to apply for assistance from
the community where they happen to reside
at every recurrent bard year. - 1 think that by
following my suggestion a popular subscrip
tion could be more advantageously applied
than by building boulevards and drives, which
would only be of the merest temporary relief
to the unemployed, ana of benefit only to a
few who can afford horses and who would per
haps be called upon next winter again to sub
scribe for the amelioration of the unemployed.
Only a suggestion from one of yout sub
scribers, T. O. Brisk, 550 Clay street.
"They say he's one ot the most unpopular
men In the State."
"Yei; he's always bald appointive offices."—
Chicago Journal.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
The San Francisco Oratorio Society, con
ducted by James Hamilton Howe, Is having
very fatisfactory rehearsals of "The Messiah,"
which will be the lending feature of ihe grand
music festival to be given in thin City in the
spring, probably in April, The Oakland, Aia
meda and San Jose societies which will lend
their assistance are also taking great interest
In tne work. Musical people are looking for
ward to hearing Mme. Genevra Johnstone
Bishop, who has been engaged to come from
Chicago as the leading soprano soloist at the
festival. Mme. Bishop is acKnowledge dto be
one of the best exponents of oratorio in Amer
ica. She is a pupil of Mme. Anna de la Grange
of Paris, and has sung a good deal with Atie
lina Patti, who is her warm friend and ad
mirer. During the last visit that poor Alex
ander Salvini paid to Patti at Crag-y-Nos.
Mme. Bishop was bis fellow-guest. Mme.
MME GENEVRA JOHNSTONE BISHOP, Who Will Sing in
This City at the Oratorio Festival.
Bishop's voice is said to be of great range,
power and sweetness. Many of the critics
have compared her to Kellogg aud Parepa
Ross.
Singers of moderate ability are allowed to
join toe festival chorus. No fees are charged.
Many anecdotes are being revived of poor
Casteimary, who died recently on the stage of
the Metropolitan Opera-house during a per
formance of "Martha." No opera singer was
prouder or more self-respecting than "Castle,"
as his friends familiarly called him. lie had
saved nothing lor his old rge, and was in con
stant dread of being superseded by some
younger singer, but he was too proud to show
his fears and too seli-respecting to receive
favors from any one. Even in little things
these traits showed themselves. Jean de
Reszce, who was his frequent companion, says
that he would often offer "Castle" cigars and
other small luxuries. "Thank you," ihe basso
would reply, "but I have cigars of my own,
and I never smoke any other brand." When
quite young he married Marie Sasse, a well
known opera singer, and beiore long she ran
away wl:h Victor Maurel. Casteimary never
got over th- blow, bui he did not let it embitter
his intercourse with the world; he was a
genial, pood-hearted fellow, always willing to
•rive advice and help to younger art-.s-ts, espe
cially on the subject of costume, on which he
was an acknowledged authority. It was a fad
of his to sing Mephistopneies in black.
During the last few days Paris has discov
ered a composer of great talent. He Is named
Emmanuel Chabricr and the papers are full of
his praises, his music Is beiug played every
where; indeed it will become the proper thing
to play Chubrier, for he has suddenly become
the rage. Unfortunately he la dead. I sup
pose you are surprised at his success, for in
his lifetime poor Chabrier never had a quar
ter of this applause. It is not long since he
joined ih« great majority. We all knew him,
hopeful, brave and addicted to writing charm
ing things, that no one took any notice of.
His opera "Gwendoline" could not hold the
boards of the Grand Opera, perhaps because
Chabrier made the mistake of not dying be
fore the first performance. Bat what is the
use of DOinting this out? it is the usual thing
in Paris. That which happened to Bizet has
happened to Chabrier; it will happen tooth
era. The worst of it is that this time there are
a wife and children to whom the posthumous
success give* glory, but not money, for Cha
brier left his family in want. Can the state
do notnlng in such case-? Reparation is made
to victims of judicial errors. Is no reparation
due to those who have been neglected by the
world when the world finds out its error too
late to do anything but pay them in souvenirs
and re.- rets, the fa so money of human ingrati
tude?— Notes dun Parisian in Le Figaro.
Sousa gives the following wise advice to
composers of light operas:
"There is such a thing as overdressing a
score, just as a woman is guilty of the same
offense to good taste in regard to her toilet.
Every part of her attire may be of the richest
material, but the crowding together of incon
gruous colors and ultra effects may spoil the
beauty of the subject.
"In my exp rienc* I have usually found
that the man whose education has been fur
thest removed from the knowledge of or
chestral instruments— that is, who has niaGe
his compositions througn the aid of a piano
or organ, and has not conceived throuuh the
channel of orchestral effects— tries to keep
everybody in the orchestra busy, from the
bass drummer up to the piccolo. He usually
succeeds in keeping his audience busier than
all in trying to decipher what he is getting at.
A man not knowing how to create orchestral
effects is apt to become imitative and tries to
reproduce those orchestral nuances appealing
mo-t powerfully to him. This is one of the
reasons why we have liad au undue quality
of Wajcnerlan orchestration in many of the
modern comic operas. Wagner appeals to
these musician* on account of the greatness
of 1m orchestrat-on ; he strikes these non
creative composers as the proper man to imi
tate, and the sad spectacle is witnessed of
some poor little emaciated soprano'i voice
loaded down with an orchestration fitted for
a Lehman or a Materna, or some little topical
song, enunciated by a voiceless comedian,
builded on solid brass chords, filagreed wood
and arpeggioized strings."
Tho Parisian papers are complaining that
the ca/e concert is rapidly vitiating the pub
lic taste for anything more refined in the way
of music and drama. The cafe concerts are a
combination of music hall and restaurant,
where the entertainment Is very often of any
thing but an elevating character. They are to
be iound In all quarters of Paris and range
from costly and luxurious halls to cneap beer
saloons, with a rough wooden stage. The tne
aters and opera-houses are comp.aining bit
terly of the competition of these rivals, which
they say create a taste for what is vulgar and
obscene. SDeakinu editorially on the sub
ject Le Figaro says: People set the cafe-con
cert habU; they go there every night with
their families. Poor people and people of
moderate means can eujoy warmth and light
there, they can smoke and eat and drinlt, hear
vulgar songi, and see horse play, and women
dressed in spangles, all at popular prices.
They find it less austere than staying at home
and less dear. The laborer can get an illusion
of luxury and there forget his everyday sur
roundings. Alas! to forget our surroundings
seems to cc becoming a need of our times.
There are two musicians attracting atten
tion in Paris at present who belong to races
not usually associated with modern music.
One is a young East Indian prima donna
named Yumata-Tiero, who is meeting with
groat success at the Olympia. The other, who
devotes himself to serious music, is an Arme
nian named Vtihrnn Sevadjiam. He Is a grad
uate of the conservatories of Venice and of Vi
enna, and is said to be a most accomplished
pianoforte virtuoso. At a concert recently
given in the Salle Erard the first part of his
programme consisted of Beethoven, Schumann,
Chopin aud Liszt, and the second part con
sisted of national Armenian airs, transcribed
by himself, and an "Armenian Rhapsodic" of
his own composition. French musicians are
very much interested in his work, and they
think he may be able to Initiate them into the
mysteries of Oriental music
The popular prima donna, Mme. Ada
Adini, met with a curious experience the
other d*y in Bucharest, where she has been
creating a big furor. One night the crowd
was so great that many people were unable to
obtain entrance to the National Opera-house.
Among those turned away were 100 students
of the University of Bucharest. These young
men at once assembled in the operß-house
square and made a riotous demonstration,
threatening to break into the theater and
carry off the prlma donna it they were not at
one* lei in. A force ot police which was
hastily brought on the scene managed to quell
the revolutionary project, but the manager of
the opera-house, who did not want to antcg
onfzeso many of the students of Koumania,
offered to let them into the th-ater if they
could crowd themselves into the aisles. The
offer was accepted, nnd th-* students showed
their satisfaction at the end ot the perform
ance by taking the horses out of Mme. Adinl's
carriage aud drawing her home in triumph.
Monte Carlo seems to be having a feast of
opera and concart. Paderewski has appeared
there several times this month, having ap
parently quite recovered from his recent ner
vous illness. In addition to his own Polish
"Fantasia," he has played several other concer
tos wiih Vigna's orchestra, including Liszt's E
flat concerto. At the opera in Monte Carlo
Adelina Patti is appearing in "La Traviata,"
and the papers speak of her voice as being as
fresh aud young as ever. The California
soprano, Mile. Francesca, continues her suc
cess at Monte Carlo, and the conductor, Arthur
Visna, a young Italian, is another newcomer
who is spoken of in terms of enthusiastic
praise.
Melba is a good pedestrian and a great club
svringer; Calve punches the bag for all it is
worth everyday; Eames indulges in general
gymnastics, and uses the bike every day when
tho weather permits : Letvinne uses leather
straps fastened to the wail: Sophia Traub
mann does some hard bowling at tenpins, and
little Bauermeister rides a hobby horse in her
parlor— one of those equestrian machines so
much in vvsßue in England— aud all these
methods of exercise are \o ward oft too much
superfluous flesh.
Massenet's opera ' Le Cid" has been as much
a fai ure at the Metropolitan Opera-house as it
was some years ago a: La Scalain Milan. Both
the De Reszkes, as well as Clementine ac Vere.
Lftsselle and Pol Plancon.were in the cast, and
to the surprise of these stars the New York
public devo:ed almost its entire stock of en
thusiasm to tho ballet and gave very little at
tention to the singers.
Irish opera having proved so successful in
New York Harry B. Smith and Reginald de
Koven are going to try how Scotch opera will
please the public. The scene of their
work is to be laid in Scotland during the
period when Edward I or England was trying
to gain possession of the reins of government
Robert Bruce will be one of the chief char
acters.
Miss Valesca Schoocht, a young California
violinist who has been studying abroad for
some years, wiil make her debut in this City
at Golden Gate Hall to-nicht. Mis* Carrie
Bowes, Louis Crepaux and Frederick Schoocht
Jr. will assist.
Snsan Strong, the Brooklyn soprano who
made her American debut with Mapleson's ill
fated company, has now joined the Damrosch
forces, though the critics do not consider her
asuccesslul interpreter of Wagnerlan roles.
Melba will leave Paris for New York next
Saturday. The talk about her suffering from
cancer in the throat seems to be mere idle
rumor.
Mile. Antoinette Trebelli will be the vocal
soloist at the next symphony concert at the
Columbia Theater.
Sousa'a band opens at the California Theater
to-night.
PEOPLE ALK-U AtOUT
James Payn, the weil-known novelist and
magazine contributor of England, is a frruat
devotee of whist, and, while owing to physical
infirmities, he Is unable to ii-al the cards, he
plays regularly and is a skillful opponent to
meet.
Kaiser Wilhelm has designed the tower for
the German Protestant Church at Jerusalem,
which will be completed by the end of the
year. It will cost $60,000 and is built on a
site granted by the Sultan to King William I
in the sixties.
It is said that it was in his winter borne at
ThomasTille, Ga., that Mark A. Hanna began
to lay his plans, two years ago, for the nomi
nation of McKinley. The Pre^dent-elect was
then Governor of Ohio, and was Haona's
gueitat Thomasville.
Count Joseph Zichy ot Vienna and Buda-
Peith, member of a prominent Hungarian
noble family, died recently at the age of 83
yeara. He and bin wife, who was a daughter
of the famous Austrian Chancellor, Prince
Metternich, accompanied tbc unfortunate Em
peror Maximilian to Mexico, where tney wera
the chief officials of the court.
They say W. D. Howelis orders "clippings on
a phase of life" and uses incidents thus ob
tained for the foundation of bis story. Here
he walks in the footsteps of Charles Reacle,"V
who explained his methods of work in that r
much abused novel, "A Terrible Temptation."
Polly Brannum, the oldest woman in Tenne<u
see, died the other night at the age of 100.
She was a daughter of a revolutionary soldier,
and in hor day was acquainted with Sevier,
Roan, Carroll, Sam Houston, Andrew Jackson,
Polk, Andrew Johnson, and other Tenn.es
secars of National reputation.
NEWSPAPER FL -ASANTRY
Teacher— lt is told of Demosthenes that in
order ;o improve his enunciation he would go
down to the shore and talk with h:s mouth
filled with pebbles. Who was Demostiienes?
Willie Tell— Please, ma'am, he wai th? in
yentorof the gag. "Thcsa are not the only
pebbles on the beach."— Plain Dealer.
"She Is always giving you a piece of her
mind in the rudesi. way. "
"You can't wonder. .Sha has no education
except of the most fragmentary sort."— Letroi;
Journal.
"George Washington," said the enthusiastic
man, "never uttered anything that was not
true."
"Yes," replied the politician, "but that
policy was easier in those day 3. He never got
mixed up in arguments on fr->e silver and aroi
tration and a lot more of things that you have
to take so many chances on when it comes to a
question of fact." — Weshinpton Star.
A citizens' committee, appointed to wai:.
upon Diogenes to requestof him that he should
run ior mayor of Athens, was asked by th;
philosopher: "And wherefore should I? I i
what resDect have I shown any special qualiti
cations for the honor of beinp a candidate ?"
"You have a barrel," remarked the commit
tee, but Diogenes, not being acquainted with
the political methods of the times, failed to
see the point and declined to run.— Puck.
"Why do you call that dog pursued?"
"Because he'a always fleaing."— Philadelphia
North American.
Yeast— Do you believe thero Is such a thing
as an hypnotist?
Crimsonbean— What's that?
Yeast— Why a person who can make you do
something which you don't want to do.
Crimsonbeak— Oh, yes; my wife's one. Sha
makes me bring up the coal every night.—
Yonkers Statesman.
HE REMEMBERED HIM.
Sew York Sun.
One evening Senator Vest was stand'ng in
the cafe of a Washington hotel, surrounded
by a party of friends, when a gentleman came
up, shook hands with him and expressed
pleasure at seeing him again. The Senator
scowled and gave a littie grunt, and the man,
becoming a little embarrassed, said:
"1 am afraid you don't remember me. My
name is Knight, G. D Kni»ht."
fc"Yes, yes," growled Mr. Vest. "Good-night."
LOST AN ULu FRIEND.
From L'p-to-Date.
Kansis Farmer— l dou'i know how it Is, but
I don't feel comfortable any more. The old
place nin't what it used to be.
Visitor— What's the trouble?
Kiissas 1-armer— Well, yer see, my son he
come home a few days bgu and he paid off the
mortgage.
Good Samaritan Mission.
Good Samaritan Mission, Second street,
near Folsom, Rev. \V. I. Kip in charge,
will open this evening with a reception and
entertainment between 7:30 ana 10:30
o'clock. The public is cordial.y invited. On
Sunday at 11 o'clock the new chapel will ba
dedicated, when the Bishop will be present
and officiate. In the atlernoon on .Sunday
Bishop Nichols will open the new Armitago
Orphanage and Home ior Boys on the same
lot at 3:30 o'clock. In the evening at 7 3J
there wfli be a special choral service in the
chapel, fnd during the following week Arcii
deacon W'ebber, the celeDrated preacher, wl i
conduct a series of mission services, beginning
with Wednesday and closing on the following
Sunday. There will be four or five services
each day.
Donahue Estate Litigation.
Eleanor Martin, executrix, and J. Downey
Harvey, executor, of the will of the late Mrs.
Annie Donahue, have sued L. C. Wiuemeyer,
assignee of the Union Stock Company oi San
Fra icisco, an insolvent debtor, for $5000,
money due for rent, and for possession of cer
tain premises in this City.
Fresh Brazil Nut Taffy. Townsend's. •
Special iniormation daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Pren
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery. '
Fifty-six of the seventy-two British army
survivors of Balaklava were entertained re
cently at the Old Royal Hotel, Birmingham.
A prominent feature of the gathering was the
head, iv a glass case, of Ronaid, the famous
charger, upon which Lord Cardigan wu
mounted in tne daring charge.
Excursion Rates to Washington.
For the benefit of i hose desiring to witness tba
Inauguration of the next President of the United
States the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad will sell
excursion tickets at oue tare for the round trip
from ail points on Ha lines in Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois. Tickets will be sola March 1, 2 and 3,
valid for return until March 8. Similar tickets
via B. and O. R. R. w"l be sold by an the railroads
throughout the West. In addition to being tba
sh meat and most direct line to Washington the
B. and O. passes through a region of greater soento
magnificence and historic interest than any in all
America. Passenger* also have the option of trav
eling via Akron and Plttsburg or via Kellalre and
Orafton either going or returning. The through
trains of the B. and O. are vestibuled throughout.
equipped with Pullman sleepers and the dining
car service Is unsurpassed. Information In detail
will be cheerfully furnished upon application b-
L. S. Allen, cs.Msta.nt general passenger ajeut, B,
and O. K. £ Grand Central station, Chicago.
"The Overland Limited "—Only Three
and a Half Daya to Chicago.
The Union Pacific is the only line running Pull
man double drawine-room and tourist sle»p?ri
and dining-cars, San Francisco to Chicago dally \
without change. Buffet, smoking and library cars. 1
Ogdea to Chicago. Tickets and sleeping-car reser- I
rations at 1 Montgomery st. D. W. Hitchcock^'
General Agent, San Francisco. ■
Fob relieving Throat Diskases, Cor/OHS ano
Hoarskkxsb, use " Jirown't Bronchial Troches."
Sold only in boxes. Avoid Imitations.
There can be no doubt that a timely nse of
Ayer's Cherry Fee: oral would prevent many
serious throat and lun* troubles.
Sir Henry Keppel, 87 years of age. is now
the senior admiral in the British Navy I st,
but Sir Alexander Milne, who is 90 and who
entered the navy eighty years ago, is the old
est admiral and the one who has served the
longest.
NEW TO-DAY
&AKSf^
Absolutely Pure.
Celcbrtted for It- treat leavi-nln^- strength and
healthful ness. Assureß the food acalnst alum and
all forms of ailulierat.on common to the cMtp
brands. . . ■
iioi'it iiAKLVU fowuKit Co.. XevvYorifcIfibs V (full
THURSDAY FEBRUABY 25, 1397
AMUSEMENTS.
EALPWrN Thkatkb "Shore Acres."
California 1 HEATKB.^Sousa's Band.
Columbia Thkateb At the French Ball
Norobcos OrEBA - Housk. - 10,000 Miles
Away.
Ai.rA7.AB Thkater "Saints and sinners."
Tivoli Opeba Housk- Galatea" and "Pa-
tience
ORrnKiTM.- High-class Vaudeville.
. Orkron.— Vienna Orchestra.
Golden- Gatk Hall— Hasketi. Smith, M. A..
this afternoon, at 3 o'clock.
M Tio Baths- Bathing and rerformances.
NTn T , H J? DTES and Skatino Rink— Daily at
 liaichi btreet, one block e^st, of the Park.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club.— Races to-day.
AUCTION : ALLS.
Street * Cbksswell— day, February 25,
>i:rniture. at 1235 Geary street, at 11 o'clock.
By Indiana ArcnoN Co.-Thlsdav. February
25. Groceries, at 1067 Market st., at 11 o'clock-.
Ii I bank W. Bbttkbfield- This day. Feb-
ruary 25, Furniture, at 1733 Gutter street, at 11
o'clock.
i v P. J. Earth.— day. February 25, Fur-
niture, 414 McAllister St., at "2 P. M.
Ey Yon Rhein & Co.— This clay, February 25.
* r*al Estate, at Salesroom, 513 California street
«t 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
A fair Thursday with light winds is promised.
The field day at the Presidio yesterday was a
great success.
Judge Coot has formally referred the Cooney
.case to a jury for final consideration.
The Third-street celebration has been post
poned until Wednesday evening next.
•' ' Forelgn-buiit yachts owned by Americans
must pay port charges and tonnage taxes.
. Alex Garraneau, an aged Frenchman, com
mitted suicide on Tuesday night by inhaling
. illuminating gas.
Dennis Vadvar, a quartermaster on the
■ steamer Acapulco, was arrested yesterday on
a charge of smuggling.
" The Board of Education made a few minor
appointment? to the departmental the regular
meeting held last night.
J. Cameron Smith, an msulter of women,
■was sent to the County Jail for six months by
Judge Conlan yesterday.
.Assistant District Attorney Edgar D.
Peixotto will resign March 1. lie will be suc
ceeded by Walter S. Hlnkle.
Haves Valley Improvement Club at its meet
ing last night took active steps to cut Giove
.street through Almo square.
A general calender of all cases in Judge
Troutt's department of the Superior Court will
- be called on Monday, March 1.
The San Francisco Farmers' Club, composed
of residents of this City who operate farming
. lands, is now being organized.
An attractive programme has been prepared
for the Greelaentertainment at 'the Turn Ve
rein Hall on Saturday evening.
George Wilson, alias Hamlin Bacon, was
charged last night with robbing Walter Bas
sett, a carpenter, of $82 in a saloon.
Mora no, Sir Richard, Free Lady, Ferrier,
Three Forks, Formal and imp. Santa Bella
were the winners at Ingleside yesterday.
The Manufacturer^' and Producers' Associa
tion has joined hands with the Board of Health
in the crusade against adulturatcd foods.
Jnmes, alias George, Murray and William
Atkins were arrested Tuesday afternoon while
• picking the pocket of a lady on Market street.
The brig Percy Edwards with her cargo of
fortune-chasers is booked to sail for the Fiji
Islands this morning, en route to the Solomon
group.
i After accusing each other of "jury-fixing"
'. and other Dad things, Attorney Smith and
ex-Judge LouderDuCk apologize and make
iriends.
This afternoon, in response to numerous re
quests, the Rev. Hsslett Smith, M. A., will re
peat his lecture on "Modern Egypt" at Golden
..Gate Hall.
The Century Club gave a reception last
night, &nd entertained a large number of
guests with an exhibition of the works of fifty
California artists.
The San Francisco Board of Trade ana the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association
have denounced as cinch measures Assembly
bills 546 and 547.
Butler, the Australian murderer, announced
yesterday that he would fight his extradition
to the bitter end and will carry it to the United
■ States Supreme Court.
Albert Bird, nieht clerk in the San Francisco
House, was arrest*- d eorly yesterday morning
lor an assault to do great bodily harm to An
drew Murphy, a guest.
• ■ Market Inspector Ben Davis of the Health
Department raided an auction store on Pine
street yesterday, seized a large quantity of
food and caused one arrest.
William Phillips, a pickpocket, was plying
his vocation outside the racetrack last even-
when lie wes chased and captured and
charged with grand larceny.
Mrs. Stanford left for Washington yesterday
accompanied by her private secretary and
Henry Lithrop. It is stated that she has gone
to close out her property there.
James H. Long has been appointed by Judge
Joachlmsen as attorney for Eugene Kenney,
who is impecunious and who is charged with
' having murdered Patrick Dolan.
The Police Commissioners met last night,
dismissed Daniel Brown from the department
for unnfflcer-like conduct and fined Harry
Biley £50 for striking another officer.
Miss Mary A. Mootry complains that Ex-:
ecutor Henry A. Crane and Attorney M. Mul- :
lany have charged excessive fees against the
estate of Thomas Mootry, her brother.
Four of the largest abattoirs in the city have
dispensed with the Government inspection of
their meat on the ground that they are not en
gaged in exportation or the interstate trade.
The Ban Francisco India famine relief com
nil (tea was obliged to abandon Us charitable
efforts yesterday as it could not raise sufficient
money to collect the corn in the Weitern
States.
Twelve-yen r-old Douglass TalDot started to
school Tuesday morning and has not been
seen i-ince. The police are hard at work on
the case, and suspicion rests on the boy's
father. ;..»'«.
' H. Dharmopala, a Buddhist priest trom Cal
cutta, India, arrived here yesterday, and will
lecture here during the next few weeks before
the Tneosophical Society and in different
churches.
 D. L. Bliss, W. D. Tobey, M. L. Regna, W. S.
Bli-B, W. 8. Wood and I. L. Regna have incor
l . porated a company to build a railroad from
I . Truckee to Lake Taboo, a distance of seven
\ teen miles. ...■•'•
The trial of Louie Quong, the ex-Interpreter
of the United States Courts, who is charged
with perjury, was continued in the United
States District court yesterday for the balance
of the term.
Tne finance and executive committee ap
pointed by the general relief committee held
a joint session yesterday and began to dlstiict
the City and to appoint sub-committees to
solicit subscriptions.
Deputy Sheriff Tracy while attempting to re
plevin a sewing-machine yesterday in n Co
rn'mbia-square tenement was chopped with a
hatchet and assailed with a flatiron, but he
carried away the machine in triumph.
An interesting exhibition of over 800 news
paper drawings, from the pens of the cleverest
artists of the big journals of the country, was
■ opened yesterday by the Chronicle at 424 Pine
street. It will continue for the rest of th«
' week, the pictures to be sold for the benefit of
; a worthy charity.
Ah Jim, the Chinese kisser, appeared before
Justice of ihe Peace Groezlnger, who officiated
In Judge Campbell's court, Tuesday. Mrs. H.
B. Holmes, laundress in the Baldwin Hotel
laundry, the complaining witness, was also
. present. Ah Jim was not ready to proceed
and a continuance was granted until this
' morning.
'.•' The committee to make arrangements for the
carnival and others interested in it met last
night fit the California Hotel. There were
over 100 persons present. A general discus
sion took i. lace in regard to the character and
kind of floats, but the matter was laid over (or
another time (or decision. Professor Emory
E. Smith of the California Floral Society will
have a big floral display and will be assisted
by-tbe 150 members of the society. The com
mittee adjourned to meet at the call of the
chair.
Imittee adjourned to meet at tbe etUi of the
chair.
The Christian Endeavor committee of ' 97
held a meeting last night at its headquarters
in the Y. M. C. A. building and discussed fur
ther hit* linemen is lor the accommodation of
:he 30,000 delegates that are expected to as
semble in this City for the great annual con
vention soon to be held here. Definite organ
. ization of the sub-committees was effected, It
was decided to send out circular letters to all
the sub-societies throughout the State and to
request that each society furnish a representa
tive for each of the general committees. A de
sign for the DRdge lias been adopted, but until
It shall have been copyrighted it will not be
•Made known.
■
There Was an Exciting Race in th: Brooklyn Basin Between British Boats Last Sunday. The Rathdown's Cutter That "Was Built in New Zealand Beat Them
and Now the Apprentice Boys Are Anxicus 1o Race Any Boat in San Francisco.
CUPID A-SAILING
ON THE QUEEN
Lovers Could Not Get Mar
ried at Sea by the
Captain.
Alexander Had a Similar Ex
perience Once Eelcre on
the Santa Rosa.
An Exciting Boatrace in the
Brooklyn Basin Last Mon
day.
The steamer Queen brought a story to
the front yesterday. A young couple ran
away from Los Alamos, and when the ves
sel was well out to sea the man asked Cap
tain Alexander to marry them. The pop
ular master of the steamer had had a
similar experience some months ago, how
ever, and, as tbere was a general kicK
from the powers that be, he thought twice
before acceding to the request, rie went
to the young iady, and after a quiet chat
with ber decided that no "marriaee on the i
The Executive and Finance Committees Appointed by the General Relief Committee Discussing the Question of Raising Funds and
Districting the Gty for the Benefit of the Unemployed*
hieh seas" should be performed aboard
the Queen.
The eioping couple were Miss Lena Lea
he and K. W. Cook. The young iadv was
barely out of sbort dresses, and it was
owing to her youthful appearance that the
gallant captain refused to perform the
ceremony. The young couple's happi
ness was short-lived, however, as tbe
young lady's atber awaited her as soon
as the vessel docked. There was an alter
cation and an explanation, after ryhich a
marriage license was procured and every
thing ended iiappily.
The groom is a popular employe of ihe
railroad company at Los Alamos "and Mrs.
Coot is thedaucbter of a well-known at
torney in Santa Bari ara. Tbe only objec
tion to the marriage was the age of the
young people, ana Captain Alexander,
who is a jtidkre in such matters, says the
objection was a good one.
Taey had a rattiin? race in the Brook
lyn Basin last Monday. Quite a number
of foreign shipping is tied up tbere and
tbe men aboard find it hard work to make
the time pass. Ihe captains would not
allow a race on Sunday, but Washington's
birthday beinj; a holiday they allowed the
men the use of tne boats and one of tbe
prettiest races ever seen in the creek was
the result. The Raihdown's cutter was
an easy winner and her crew assert that
tbere is not a boat of her class in Cali
fornia that can beat her.
1 he crack cutter was built in Auckland,
N. Z., and is constructed from the famous
Kauri pine. She is one of the prettiest
little boais of her kind ever turned out of
a shipyard, and if the Maonlatidera turn
out as pood yachts as they do ship's boats
Unc c Bam will nave to look to his laurels.
The Uathdown was in a hurricane during
her laat voyage and after being on her
beam ends and receiving considerable
damage beside losing one of the port boats
had to put into Auckland for repairs. She
was discharged, drydnckeJ and repaired
and the port boat replaced. It is clinker
built and as pretty a model as ever left a
builder's hands. Captain Dyke is so proud
of its sailing qualities that he is willing to
wager a month's salary that there is not a
vessel in her class that can beat her ov« r
an all-round course. In yachting circles
England and Canada nave been heard
from, but this b the first time that a New
Zealand boat ;.as put in nn appearance. A
race between her and the crack boat of the
Naval Reserve should be a pretty sight.
The race was between the boats from the
•RuthUowß, Genesta and Leicester Castle
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25. 1897.
and was over a straightaway course. Tbe
Rathdown's boat took tbe 'lead from the
start and easily held it to the finish. The
new crackajack ii twenty-four feet over all
and the apprentice-boys who man her are
just aching for a race. Captain Dyke
never thinks of taking a train for the mole,
as he says it is easy work to set into the
cutter, set sail aud beat both train and
steamer into San Francisco— when tbe
wind is fair.
The Bailors' Union will celebrate its
twelfth anniversary on the 6th of March
ii 1 xt. During its existence tbe organiza
tion ha-< met with several defeats, but nev
ertheless tbe sailor, owing to its work, is
now on a better footing than he ever was
before. Coast seamen have now a say in
the matter of shipping men and to the
Coast Seamen's Union tho cradit belongs.
On March 6, at 7:30 p. m., the parade will
start from the corner of Folsom and East
streets, and it is expected that there will
be at least 300 uniformed sailors in line.
From ther.ee they will march up East
street to the union headquarters, and men
to Market. From mere ibe men and tbe
kindred societies will march to Var. Ness
avenue, wbere the sailors will counter
march and return to headquarters. As
the procession will be p-ecedatl by a brass
buna and each sailor will carry a torch tbe
parade should be a pretty one*
Powell-street wharf has been declared
dangerous. As before stated in Tiie Call
It was built at enormous expense to tbe
State ani never earned enough to keep it
in repair. Now the tides and tbe toreuoes
have got in their work and the piles are
giving way, the wbart is sagging ana the
Chief Wharfinger has reported that the
sooner it h removed the better. So the
end of a wharf which cost the State over
$60,000 is near at hand and the question
will again be asked. Where did the money
go to?
Commissioner Cole's term of office will
expire in a few weeks, and as he has tbe
naming of several collectors and wharf
ingers whose time expires with bis he is
in a quandary. There are ualf a hundred
applications for the different places, but
"Uncle Dan" ennnot decide upon any one.
The majority of the board— Colnon and
Chadbourne — are against him in some of
ins appointments and be cloas not know
just where he stands. Thomas Casey, the
collector at Freernont street, has reMcned,
anrt it is certain that he will succeed W.
K. Cooney as wharfinger at Clay street.
This is President Colnon's appointment
and it is therefore not necessary to say
that Casey is a Democrat and Cooney a
Republican.
GAS ENDED HIS LIFE.
Suicide of Alexander Garraneaa, an
Aged Frenchman, Who Asked
to Be Cremated.
Alexander Gnrraneau, an aged French
man, committed suicide by turning on
thegason Tuesday evening at his lodg
ings, 317 Golden Gate avenue. The body
was found yesterday by Mrs. Moden, with
whom he boarded, and was taken to tbe
Morgue.
The deceased left several letters stating
that it was his intention to end his lite,
but giving no definite reason for so doing!
One letter was addressed to the Mayor
s:ating that he wished to be cremated and
that he did not desire to have his name
or picture In the newspapers.
He wrote that he has no relatives in
this country nor fritnds, bayond the peo
ple with whom be boarded, and that he
ile-iredto be cremated with as little cere
mony as possible. He left a letter for his
landlady, in which he asked her to keep
bis trunk and other belongings as tokens
of friendship and as compensation for un
paid room rent
From other letters that were found
among bis effects it appears that Garra
neau recently came to tois City from Salt
Lake, and that he was by occupation a
retoucher. He was evidently not lacking
in opportunities for work, for letters were
found from various persons offering him
employment.
Struck by a Beam.
Clement Richardson, a laborer living on
Cortiand avenue and Hanover street, was
engaged yesterday in tearing down an old
bulldinc on Beale street when a large beam
struck him. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where it was lound that his skull
aud spine were possibly fractured and his
lower limbs were paralyzed.
WHEELMEN TO BE
ASKED TO HELP
They May Contribute to
the Boulevard
Fund.
Ex-Mayor Ellert Made This
Suggestion at Yesterday's
M3eting.
Finance and Execu ive Relief Com
mittees Are at Work District
ing the City.
The executive and finance committees
recently nominated by William M.
Bunker, the chairman of the general re
lief committee, met according to appoint
ment in the rooms of the Chamber of
Commerce yesterday afternoon and be
gan the neceqpary work of dividing the
City into convenient districts and prepar
ing provisional lists of various sub-com
mittees to canvass particular industries,
trades and professions for subscriptions.
The boulevard scheme was incidentally
discussed, and it was stated that both the
Spring Valley Water Works Company
and ex-Mayor Entro havesigned the deeds
conferring the necessary right of way
through their property. There is, there
fore, every reason to believe that an actual
be 8 inning will be made on the work of
construction at an early date.
Among the gentlemen present yesterday
when Chairman Hunker called the meet
ing to order were: L. R. Ellert, H. J.
Crocker, Hugh Craig, C. W. McAfee,
Lippman Sachs, Louis Slost Jr., J. C.
Johnson and the secretary, Charles Fay.
L. R. Ellert w»? appointed chairman of
the executive committee, and at once ad
dressed himself to the immediate object of
the meeting, expressing the hope that
they might be successful in building the
boulevard. He suggested that ttie first
order of business would be to map out a
plan of finance.
Hugh Craig said it would be well to bear
Mr. O'Connor's report with reference to
the rigbt-ot-way deeds.
Mr. O'Connor stated that both docu
ments had been signed and were in the
Mayor's possession, and that h« (Mr.
O'Connor) would have another conference
with ex-Mayor Butro at 3 o'clock. Tnere
would be no trouble whatever in this con
nection. The route was arranged and the
grades were fixed. He expected that the
deeds would be ready to present to-morrow
(Thursday).
The chairman inquired as to the extent
of the right of way.
Air. O'Connor said that it was a mile and
a quarter long, from the Almshouse to the
Trocadero and about 103 feet wide, so that
there would be work enough for the men
provided the necessary subscriptions wero
forthcoming.
Mr. Bunker urged that the first thing to
be done was to raiss money, and that the
method previously adopted would proba
bly be found best on this occasion. Twenty
blankhooks had been prepared for collec
tion purposes. The City should oe dis
tricted and the principal corporations,
especially the banks and insurance com
panies, should all be allotted committees
in preference to the usual practice of leav
ing these to the finance committee. These
canvassing committees must be made up
at once; questions concerning deeds and
titles were secondary considerations.
Nothing whatever could be accomplished
without mon«y. He moved that the
finance committee be requested to district
the City and name the varioui canvassing
committees for those districts. He added,
before the motion had been seconded,
that A. L. Baldwin could not attend the
present meeting owing to an engagement,
but had assured the speaker that he was
in complote sympathy with the work and
mi- f ht be counted upon to assi9t.
H. J. Crocker agreed with Mr. Bunker.
The collector appointed would be asfced a
great many questions, and it was only
riiht and proper to be able to show what
they proposed to do. At yesterday's
meeting they advocated the boulevara.
The unemployed now expected to get
work, and intimations lad been received
that many of them would flock in from
the country, though this contingency
had been to some extent guarded against
by requiring applicants to show rroof of
three months' residence. The committee,
l>e argued, should have some idea of the
amount it proposed to pay tbe men.
There was present, he added, a gentle
man, Drury Melone, who bad haa a great
deal of experience in the hiring of men in
the country, and could thereiore inform
them as to the sentiment aroused there
by the action of Ban Francisco, in so far
as this might be construed as likely to
attract labor from the country and create
dissensions between the farmer and his
men.
Before Mr. Melone complied with this
request the meeting unanimously carried
Mr. Bunker's motion. Mr. Melone then
said that he had been tai&ing with two
members of the committee, and had point
ed out that ihe first question asiced would
be, "How much will you pay these men?"
He himself, for example, if approached
for a subscription, would want to know
this. He had assured his hearers that if
they pr»ve the men more than the farmer
could afford to pay labor would be invited
here to an indefinite extent. If less were
offered, then the men would, perhaps, ap
ply to the farmer, and he thought that
labor should be induced to co into the
country. It was true that washes were de
pressed and lower than ever before in the
history of California, but thest- conditions
had to be met, tnongh ho begged his hear
ers not to quote him as being m favor of
any lower wage? than the absolute neces
sity of the occasion demanded and com
pelled.
He was confronted two or three years ago,
when a large sum was raised for the re
liof of the unemployed, with the statement
advanced by workingmen that they could
make more in tbe City than upon tne
farm. It was, therefore, necessary to con
sider this aspect of tbe question — to>stim
ulate the workman's pride and allow him
to earn something by his own industry.
They might communicate with tbu farm
ers and find many men they could take
and at what wages. He did not think,
however, that there was a single farmer
who could pay more than 50 cents a day
and board, and then there was not one out
of twenty men who would earn as
much as would repay his employer.
But something mn-t be done, or tbe w hole
structure of society would fall in pieces
and chao3 would ensue. In conclusion he
repeated that he was in favor of just the
highest wa^es that could be paid if they
knew where the money was coming from.
"But," hr said, "Jo not do anything in
sucb a way us to enter into competition
with a class that must be supported or
none of us could live."
Mr. Bunker emphasized the serious na
ture of the situation. He thought they
should »ro aheau with the money proposi
tion. "If," he said, "we are asked ques
tons we can say we are raising money to
provide work for the unemployed. They
are here by the thousand ami must be pro
vided lor. They are acting straighior
wardly and have asked our assistance.
Here we have a chance to obtain a perma
nent improvement, as well as assist the
poor. Tuat answers, 1 think, every ques
tion we expect to be ask Ad. As to what
wages we will pay that depends entirely
upon the funds we get. We want to make
the money go as far as possible. We are
not prepared to discuss wages at this stage
of the proceedings, and 1 do not under
stand that there is a dollar in the hands
of the treasurer to-day."
Mr. Crocker remarked that about $2000
had been subscribed.
Lippman Sachs said that precautions
would be taken to confine relief to City
re-sctents.as formally, and that Mr. Melone
need have no anxiety on that score. For
a man with a family a dollar a day would
be little enough.
Mr. Melone offered to engage five men
at 50 cents a day and board on the under
standing that they would be perfectly at
liberty to leave him the moment they
could" better themselves;
Hugh Craig thought that Labor Com- i
missioner Fitzgerald should be notitiei to
tli is effect at once.
Louis Sloss Jr. thought that no general
advantage could accrue from this pro
posal. It would siiunly take a few men
out of town for a short time and neces
sitate their return again, perhaps, without
money to bring them back. It would be
better to keep them here, where tfiey be
longed.
"Our remarks," said Mr. Craig,
"do not apply to family men, but
to single men. If there are 1500 un
married men who will not accept an offer
of this kind they deserve to starve, and I
will not collect money for those who are
capable of refusing such an offer. If the
single mpn can be provided for in that
way they should thank God for it."
Ihe chairman here made a valuable
suggestion to the effect that the wheel
men of the City should be asked to con
tribute something to the boulevard.
"We have no good road leading out of
the City," he said, "except the San Bruno
road, which ia only good for six months
in the year; and the Mission road, wnere
the grades are too steep. lam quite sure
that if the 20,000 wheelmen in this City
knew that the boulevard would be made
so a to afford an out.et, they would con
tribute very liberally. I think that two or
three of them should be put on the com
mittee to solicit funds."
The importance of Mr. Ellert's sugges
tion was generally recognized and steps
will probably be taken in this direction.
The executive committee then adjourned
and the finance committee met for the
puipoies stated in Mr. Bunker's motion.
The secretary informed the committee
that he had received Irom Mayor Phelan
a letter addressed to the latter
from J. W. Anderson, president of
the San Francisco Dry-goods Baseball
League, which stated that the league
would play a series of thirty games during
1807 and had decided to make the open
ing game a benefit for the unemployed
fund. The league ieit sure that the game
would attract 4000 people, whicn, at 25
cents each, meant a large sum of money.
The league desired the committee to name
one or more parties to co-operate with it
and :or itself guaranteed the sale of 1200
tickets.
No immediate action was taken, beyond
instructing the secretary to acknowledge
ibe letter.
The committee proceeded to map out
the City into districts and to draft a list of
sub-committees to canvass among other
special departments the following:
B:mks, insurance, Produce Exchange, City
Hall, butchers, real estate, Stock and Bond
Exchange, Bar Association, transportation
companies, lumber, wine and theaters.
Mr. Bunker afterward moved that the
committee appeal to the public to meet
the demands of immediate necessity t>y
sending supplies of all kinds to the head
quarters of the unemployed as soon as
possible. In tne case of money donations
subscribers are warned not to mate the
same to any save properly authorized
committees.
W. J. Martin of the South San Francisco
Laud and Improvement Company desired
to confer with the committee on behalf of
San Mateo on the subject of the proposed
boulevard, but was referred to the boule
vard committee.
The meeting adjourned with the under
standing that the finance committee will
meet again at 11 o'clock this morning and
the executive committee at 3 p. M. to com
plete the appointment of the sub-commit
tees.
• The unemployed headquarters yester
day presented the usual scene of bustle
and activity. There are now nearly 1400
names on ibe register and the cry is "still
they come." Apart lrom the men who
are supported on the premises the organi
zation is provisioning fifty outside fami
lies, which are in immediate need, and its
committee on lamily relief is kept con tin
ualy busy investigating additional appli
cations for this kinu of assistance. The
commissariat wagon was out yesterday,
and in the course of its travels through
South San Francisco collected, among
other food supplies, five sacks of potatoes,
SOU pounds of meat, two «acks of flour, a
sack of beans and 75 pounds of pigsfeet.
Walter Morosco hus donated nfty
pounds of coffee and two whole sheep,
i/^IV .-V. MEW TO-PAY.
The main difference be-
tween Schilling Best and
other tea is: other tea is
fresh once a year; while
Schilling's Best (five fla-
vors) are roasted in San
Francisco and are fresh-
roasted all the year around.
They have the full rich
flavor that belongs to tea.
A Schilling & Company
Pan Hranci«rn 548
HEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMEMTTS.
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE
jißs-KsxiuiTiaf x KBXT,isri. Proprietor & Manager
■ TO-NIGHT
GRAND DOUBLiK BIIjIj!
Yon Sbppe's Beautiful One- Act Operetta,
THE LOVELY
C3--A.3Li-A.TE-A."
AM)
Gilbert * Sullivan's Esthetic Two-Act Opera,
"PATIENCE."
GRAND CASTS!
' Beautiful Scenery and Correct Costumes
: — : — NEXT WEEK
"THE MIKLADO!"
''THE AXXKikDOi"
Popular Prices —25c and sOc
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
EXTRA MATINEE This Afternoon at 3
HASKETT SMITH, M.A.
•THE MARVELS OF MODERN EGYPT.' 1
and the Emmanuel Baptist Church yester
day transmitted the following supplies as
the result of Tuesday evening's benefit en
tertainment: Box of soap, box of crock
ery, twenty-five pounds of coffee, four
cases of clothing, sack of' bread, twenty
five pounds of salt and six pairs of blan
kets.
Chairman LefSngwell stated that they
had placed live or six pen in positions
yesterday and had just received an appli
cation for farm help, which will be an
swered to-day. "No official notice," ha
said, "has been received with regard to
the boulevard proposal. . I -also desire to
correct a mistaken impression which has
gone abr ad, that this organization is
making a fight against the Salvation
Army." This is not so. Individual mem
bers are, no doubt, bitterly opposed to the
army and we may object to its system of
charity, but as an organization we have
nothing to do with it."
KEW TO-DAT.
\MILES'
Heart Cure
Restores Health.
The reader of our literature will learn
from our published testimonials that the
New Heart Cure restores to perfect and
lasting health, those who were given up
to die, and that the old are cured as well
as the young. The number whose hearts
are affected is very large and all should
read our free book on heart and nerves.
We send it postpaid, or you can find it at
druggists. They all sell our remedies.
Dr. Miles Med. Co., Elkhart, In&
KEW TO-DAT-AMCSEMEXTI
BALDWIN THEATER.
Ai.HAirjiA.N- <fcCo. (Incorporated) froprUttn
THREE WEEKS
EVERT EVENING EXCEPT SUNDAY.
Matinee Saturday Only.
A TRIUMPHANT SUCCESS!
JAMES A. HERNE
As NATHANIEL BERRY in
"SHORE ACRES"
Direction of HENRY C. MINER.
CCATC "[NEXT
dCHIO WEEK,
NOW Second and
SELLING! LASTBUTOSE!
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THE I MUSICAL
GREAT I EVENT
TO-NIGHT!
"SOUS A.
AND HIS UNRIVALED RA.ND.
ELIZABETH NORTHROP Soprano
iIAKiXNA JOHNSTON IS Viollnlste
Prices— soc, 75c. 81, SI 50.
ADDITIONAL CONCERTS :
{Friday February 26
AFTERNOONS -< Saturday ..February 27
Sunday. ...February 28
b AND
/■Friday February 2B
NIGHTS—— 1 Saturday. .February 27
■ (.Sunday February 28
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO...SOIO Lessee and Mana^i:
—SPLEN DID REVIVAL-
Of Oliver Byron's Sensational Melodrama,
10,000 MILES AWAY.
Presented With a Splendor Never Before
Attempted in a San .Francisco Theater.
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY !
STIRRING SITUATIONS!
Many Specialties by Numerous Clever Artist*.
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and sOc.
Matinees Saturday ami Sunday.
Performance Begins at 8 Sharp.
BARNEY FAUAN and HENkIETTA BYRON,
Farce Comedians; THE FINNEYS. Champion
Bwimmera: HAVES, LYTTON * HAVES, In
"Camllle Up to Date." THE PANTZERS; THE
KENFUS: Great. Lyric Stars, Uuiixk, Abrah-
off, Miss Cotte and Miss Busck, eta
Beserved Seats, 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera Cnairs
and Box Seats, 60c.
Concerts Dy the Royal ' Hnnsarlan Conn Or-
chestra immediately alter the evening perform-
ance In the Orpbeum Annex.
■ I A m "9 m W% I Late- Comers
HI I.AxAK TURNED AWAY
FifaUflfcHlll Last Night !
The Capacity of the Theater Again Tested —
Enormous Success of in* Great Flay,
SAINTS AND SINNERS!
GEORGE OSBOURNE, FRANCKS JOLLIFITE,
HUGO TO LAND and the Entire Company. .
Our Regular Prices! Telephone for seats. BlacJ£99L
Grand SOUVENIR Matinee Next Saturday !
:^-J::;- The 250. h Performance of the Company 1
TtICDLAftntR.GOTTIOD'* q>* UsiMAnotiAn*6W4-«-
-3E*-A.KTKT-5r XUOZ!!
—The vv hole Town is Talking of Her, and—
'•AT THE FREMCa BALL!"
An Entirely Mew Version. A Superb company I
New Music, New Dances, New Specialties.
-■!*.:.. Onlr Matinee Saturday.
O'l-^rreil street, near biockion.
San Francisco' h Family Concert Hall.
A MAGNIFICENT SUCCESS t
HOUSES CROWDED TO THE DOORS!
HERR FERDINAND STARK,
The famous Hungarian Violin Virtuo3O. and his
Brilliant Organization,
THE VIENNA ORCHESTRA.
O"Grand Concert Every Evening at 8 o'clock.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
( NGLE3IDE TRACK).
The only I'eritxc Winter Racetrack in America.
RACING sftg^g RACING
Racing From Monday, Feb. 22, to Satur-
■ ■ day, March 0, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST RACE AT 3 P. M.
Take Southern Pacific; train* at . ThlrJ anl
Townseud bis. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 p. m.
Fare for Round Trip, including Ad-
mission to Grounds, Ml. oo.
a awe Watfoß-st. electric Una direct to trass.
The .Mo': A Cbandon White Seal Stakes -Mon-
day, February 22.
The s-chreiber Stakes Saturday, February 27.
The Crocker Stakes Saturday. March d.
A. B. aPRKCKELri. i'resideu.
W. S. Leaks, Secretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
FINE PROGRAMME.
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon.
General Admission, 10c; Children, sc. '
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BUSCil.the Golden Varboire; KKESIN'o. Wire
Walker, the ANIMATOSCOPE and
A Hunt of Attractions at Night. •
ADMISSION 100 CHILDREN 5o
78
FOUR WILL VOTE
FOR SAN PEDRO
Deep Harbor Commission
Has Arrived at an
Agreement.
Morgan the Only Member Who
Favors Santa Monica's
Selection.
Sinator White Notifies His Friend?,
Who Are Quietly Makin?
• . Investments.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 24.— Private
letters and telegrams have been received
here by some of the most confidential
friends of Senator White, from his private
secretary, which indicate beyond the
shadow of a doubt that the Board of
Harbor ComniLtsioners has agreed almost
■unanimously in favor of San Fedro as the
site for the deep-sea harbor for Southern
California. The findings of the board
have not yet been formulated into a re
port, but according to the information re
ferred to the members of this comra ission,
by a vote of four to one, nave selected San
Pedro. This decision settles every issue
respecting a deep-sea harbor on the South
ern Coast, and secures the Congressional
appropriation of $3,000,000, already pro
vided for by an act last May. Nothing is
now in the wav of the expenditure of this
sum of money for the purpose Indicated.
It is said that Commissioner Morgan
only, out ol the five members, favored
Santa Monica.
A prominent member of the Los
Angeles county bar said to a Call cor
respondent to-day that he had seen a
telegram from Senator White himself,
sent yesterday, which left no doubt in his
mind that the report would locate th«
harbor at San Pedro. A prominent
official of the Los Angeles Terminal
Railway Company, which has been in the
thick of the fight from the start, said
to-day :
"I am not at liberty to give you par
ticulars nor the source of my informa
tion, but I tell you that I am absolutely
certain that San Pedro has been agreed
upon for the deep harbor."
Other sources of information were care
fnlly investicated by a Call correspond
ent to-day, and every bit of intelligence on
the subject confirms the foregoing state
mo nt.
Dr. Hill of San Pedro, a leading physi
cian and Democratic worker of that sea
port town, lias been in this city for two
days arranging the details of a real estate
syndicate to bond or purchase large tracts
of land in his town. In couversation
the gentleman said:
"Our town is alive with activity in every
direction. We are in the midst of the
greatest boom ever known in the history
of the. place. Keal estate is chancing
bands in such rapid succession as to be
lairly bewildering. I purchased a small
tract two weets ago, for which I paia
$1800. I have been offered $5000 for it and
refused the offer. You may judtre by
these things as to what we expect in the
way of a decision by the Board of Harbor
Commissioners."
No man in Southern California, per
haps, is more close to Senator White than
John T. Gaffey, Collector o? Port at Sjn
Pedro. Ii any man in California has
White's confidence in the fullest sense, it
is Gaffey. He is at the head of a syndi
cate which has bonded large tracts :n and
around the town, in addition to this.
Gaffey's company has procured a fran
chise to operate an electric street railway
in the town and a city water system.
These things have their significance, and
In this instance they indicate that the
astute Senator aud his closest friends are
not averse to turning a Dennv to good
account, for it is believed that White him
self is directly and financially interested
in all the operations wherein Collector
Gaffey is now so prominent.
SAN JOSE BURGLAR CAUGHT.
Makes a Break for Liberty, but Is Re
captured After a Short
Spurt
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 24.— George
Brown, a negro, was captured by Officers
Pfau and Monahan about 2 o'clock this
morning in the act of looting Eelloli's
grocery-store at the corner of Tbiid and
San Fernando streets. Officer Pfaa, in
passing the place, noticed a broken win
dow, and, looking in, saw a man moving
about. Officer M on a ban was notified and
the men stationed themselves at different
doors. When the negro came out he wa3
caueht by Officer Monaban.
.Brown was turned over to Nightwatch
man Smith, while they started to look for
the negro's confederates, he claiming two
we r e associated with him. As soon as the
officers were gone Brown broke away from
Smith and made a dash for liberty.
tSmith fired thrue shots at the man, but
missed him. Monahan turned and 'gave
chase, and after a hard run of several
blocks ciiug'nt him in tne Normal Square.
. On Brown were found $222 50 in cash,
• two silver watcher and some old coins
valued at about $25 that he nad taken
from the safe in tue store. The safe cad
been left unlocked.
faeifle Rank Suit transferred.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 24.— Papers in
tlie suit of Robert T. Mercer aeainst J. J.
Bowen and Charles F. Lott, stockholders
in the defunct Pacific Bank of San Fran
cisco, to recover tbeir pro rata of liability
on assigned claims aggregating $38,891 35,
•were hied in the uounty Clerk's office
to-day. The action whs brought in Kan
Fxan cisco and transferred to this county.
IJowen owned ninety-three shares of stock
in the bank and Lott 104 shares, and the
former is sued for $371 88 and the latter lor
$415 89;
Death of an Old Miner.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 24.— News was re
ceived in this city to-day of the death of
John Sevenoaks, at one time a prominent
resident of this city and s. weil-known
mining man ot California, Nevada and
Arizona, at Pueblo. Colo., last night after
a ishort illness. Hs was 64 years of age
and a native of New York. At one time
he was very wealthy, but adversity over
took bins, and it is believed he was
comparatively poor at the time of bis
death. He resided in this city for many
years .
Charter >ole Canrntied.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 24.— The Com
mon Council tbi3 evening, after can-
Vassing the vote of the special election
lie!d yes'erday, passed a resolution tbat a
'committee be sent to Sacranitnto to use
ail honorable means to have the new char
ter of the city ratilied by the present
Legislature. The committee will consist
of Mayor Koch, City Attorney Welch and
Councilmen J. P. Fay, J. P. Jarman and
W. T. Nolling.
PENSIONS FOR TEACHERS.
Bill Providing lor an Annuity Fund Given
a Large Majority in the
Assembly.
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Feb. 24.— Jones
of Sau Francisco heaved a s-igh of relief
when the Assembly this evening finally
passed the teachers' annuity pension fund
bill. H felt that he could return to San
Francisco at tue close of the session and
face the smiling schoolmarms, who would
rise up and cah him a good old darling.
To the surprise of almost every one,
there were several very bitter opponents
of the bill. £oone of Tulare was one of
these. He read a resolution from the Tu
lare Grange and a protest from teacners of
Tulare County ngainst any legislation of
that kind. He also read a resoiution
passed by A. J. Piilsbury and the Grand
Jury of Tulare County obj"Cting to the
pensioning of school teachers.
"When you say that the teachers are
workine for the «ood of humanity you are
PHj'ing something that is not true," said
Mr. Uoone. "They are working for dol
lars and tents, like* everybody else. They
have good salaries and should be ab.'e to
provide a retirement fund of their own on
wliich to live."
Leavitt of Alameda also opposed the bill
because it obliged County Treasurers to be
custodians of the funds and District At
torneys to prosecute suits on behalf of
Claimants thereto.
Emmons of Kern made a ringine speech
in favor of the measure and referred to the
fact that in many counties District Attor
neys took private cases and accepted fees
for the same.
Jones of San Francisco explained that
the biil did not propose to tax the people
one cent.
Tlie Mil was finally passed by a vote of
52 to 10.
f>ALEM LEG IS 1. ATI t\E JFARCE.
Benton Sou** and Joint Assembly
Adjourn Sine Die.
SALEM, Or., Feb. 24— Benson called
his House to order at 11 o'clock. The roll
call showed only twenty-two present.
After wrangling about increasing the pay
of clerks tbe House adjourned until 12:30
to further consider the subject.
At 12 o'clock Brownell called the joint
Assembly to order. The rollcall showed
eleven Senators and twenty-sjx repre
sentatives present — in all tbjrty-seven,
nine short of the necessary quorum. The
joint Assembly then adjournd without
uay.
The Benson house met again at 12:30.
The question of compensation again came
ui< ana when settlea several mutual admir
ation resolutions were passed and the Ben
son rump Legislature adjourned s-ine die.
The Senate, which met in the morning:,
adjourned to 2 o'clock. It met at 2 o'clock
and adjourned to 1 o'clock to-morrow. In
the meantime a ureat effort will b? rnude
to secure ten representatives from the
Benson followers and effect permanent
organization.
i: on m AT HAP A.
Benefactor* of a louthful Tramp Jle
paid With Jheft.
NAPA. Cal., Feb. 24.— John Russell, a
youth 16 years of age, who has been work
ing for S. H. Bufcrd at his home on Clay
street, left Napa last evening with several
articles belongine to bis benefactor. He
was captured at Vallejo to-night.
Russell cams to Napa with a pang of
tramps last fall. He told a pitiful story to
Mrs. Micheison, and she let him stay at
her place until he could find employment.
Mr. Bulord offered him work as a chore
boy and Knsseil accepted. In a general
way the uoy d d well, but he was unlike
George Washington in that ho could
easily tell a lie. On Tuesday Mr. Bulord
reproved him. A short time afterwara
the boy was missing and so were meny
articles ol value Young Russe'l showed
his possessions, consist. ng of two guns, a
knife and some silver, to companions and
gave five keys to Justice Blessing, asking
him to place them in Mr. Buford's Post
office box.
lindy Found Se.ar Fresno.
FRESNO. Cal., Feb. 24.— The body of
Wallace Lidgerwood, who with William
Mull, perished in the storm near the
Sequoia Mills last Thursday, was found
yesterday. It was buried a foot under
;he snow, twenty yards distant from
where Mulls body was discovered. Lidger
wood had been carrying the mail bag for
the upper camp. This was found on top
of the snow and led to the discovery of
the corpse.
Mount Angela I'o-toffice. Robbed.
WOODBUKN, Ok., Feb. 24— The Post
office at Mount Ansel was entered by
burglars last night. Entrance was effected
through a rear door. The Postoffice safe
was blown open and about $100 in stamps
and $75 in money taken. Alter looting
the Postoffice the burglars tried to effect
an entrance into Barney Oswald's saloon,
but were frightened away by a butcher,
who sleeps in his shop in the adjoining
building.
Suicide in Biker City** Jail.
BAKER CITY, Or., Feb. 7 24.— Louis
Mansfield, who was confined in the County
Jail awaiting the action of the Grand
Jury on a charge of robbery, committed
suicide early this morning by hanging
himself with a scart in bis cell. His cell
mate, who slept with him, discovered his
lifeless body at 7 o'clock this morning.
Ho told his fellow-prisoners a few day
ago that ha would rather die than go to
the penitentiary and repeatedly threat
ened to take his life.
•
'Jiit-orcKt at Redwood City.
REDWOOD CITY. Cal.. Feb. 24. —
Julia Kaie Siddall yesterday obtained a
divorce by default from Thomas A. Sid
dall. Tbe ground was cruelty. The
plaintiff was given tbe custody of her in
fant child and $25 a month alimony. She
was awarded nil the community property.
Siddall was accused by his wife several
weeks ago of having attempted her life by
administering poison.
Bafe- Cracking nt Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 24.— Fearing
an explosion which might result in per
sonal injury to themselves, cracksmen
last night removed into the street a two
ion safe, situated in the midst of some
coal oil barrels, from the eeneral mer
chandise store of Welch & Erickion, and
blew it open. They obtained $25 for their
trouble.
To Sell a. Seattle Hallway.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Feb. 24.— The Fed
eral court receiver, D. Colvin, to-day pe
titioned Judge Hanlord for permission to
sell, for the benefit of its creditors, the
Front-street cable railway, on the ground
that the properly is constantly running
behind and cannot be made to pay under
the existing conditions.
Chin Ah Gue Caught at Seattle. «"—
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 24.-Upon the
arrival of the steamship Wall* Walla from
San Francisco the police arrested Chin Ah
Gue, who was fleeing to China. He is
wanted for appropriating to his own ute
the cash and wares of the Lun Sing
Company of Ban Francisco, to the amount
fntfrnHUe Geti a Creamery.
CASTROVJLLE, Cal., Feb. 24. — A
meeting of the stockholders of the Castro
ville Creamery Company was held to-day,
and the contract was let for tbeerection of
acreomery. W>rk will begin at once. The
company has ?4750 of raid up stock and
will use 8000 to 10,000 pounds of milk daiiy.
; advances made on inrnlture itua piniios, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1897.
NEW BONANZA
0N THE RAND
Los Angeles Capitalists
Buy the Famous St.
Elmo Mine.
Broad Ledge Which in Places
Assays One Dollar to the
Pound of Ore.
The Purchase Price $250,000, and De
velopment Work Wiil Be Done
at Once.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 24.— The
largeet mining deal ever recorded in
Randsburg consisted of the sale two days
ngo of the famous St. Elmo mine owned
and worked by Bogwardt, Pyle and Douil
lard. The property now passes into the
hands of a corporation with headquarters
in this city and of which William Fereu
son is president, J. F. Turner vice-presi
dent and M. W. Turner secretary. Other
members of the company are Ceptain
Thomas C. G. North. M. J. Eraisdel and
E. H. Gould, all of Los Angeles.
D. M. Pyle, one of tue owners, was
taken into the directory, and the name of
the corporation was chbiged to the St.
Elmo Mining and Water Company. The
consideration at which tbe St. Elmo was
taken is understood to be $250,000. The new
company starts out under the most favor
able auspices, with a mine which at
present is second to none in the Rand
district, and is regarded by many exper
ienced miners as the best property there,
with men of capital behind it to push all
ordinary development work without the
sale of stock, and in a locality easy of ac
cess and only twenty miles from Kramer,
on the Santa Fe Railroad.
For the present the purpose of the com
pany is to sink a double compartment
shaft at some point on the ledge to a
depth sufficient to fully develop the mine,
and for the additional purpose of obtain
ing water, which will probably be reached
at 300 feet, or certainly before going 500,
which is now the depth proposed. They
do not intend to mill any ore for the
present, and if they strike water sufficient,
works will be put up on the mine and the
ore can be milled at a minimum cost,
thus saving the cost of transportation,
with the additional loss of from $10 to $15
on every ton run off into the tallines.
This ledge has been prospected and
shafts sunk in eight different places long
distances apart, and ore milled from ail
of them, with the lowest return of $33 per
ton, while selected ore has run as high as
$1 per pound. The ledge at a depth of
eighty feet has never shown less width
than two feet, while it has been ten and
twelve feet in some place?, and in one
place at the surface it is thirty feet wide.
It has been located for 6000 feet and that
is the length included in this deal. There
are two parallel ledges, distant from the
main ledge 200 and 280 feet. These bave
been prospected in a number of places and
show as rich ore as the main led.-c. The
St. Elmo is a strong vein of ore, lying out
on the open, level desert, with no high
hills near, and gives every indication of
being a true hssr.re vein and will doubt
less prove a bonanza to the new owners
if properly managed.
Three Year* for Captain Jane*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 24.—"Cap
tain" J. F. Junes, editor of a weekly news
paper named the Non-Partisan, was con
victed last weak of sending vile literature
•hrough. the mails. Judge Welborn of the
United States District Court to-day sen
tenced tbe doughty captain to serve a
term of three years in San Quentin at
hard manual labor. It wa* the captain's
second offense. Judge Welborn com
menteJ at length upon tn iniury to the
community that such a publication as the
Non-Partisan could bring about and the
vile mind of a man who could conceive
and publish such a sheet.
Letter- 7 Convicted.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Feb. 24.— August
E. Peck, formerly one of the uaii ad
dressers in the local Postoffice. was found
guilty to-day of stealing letters. When
the verdict was given Peck's wife created
a scene in the courtroom and bad to be
removed.
mail /. /{/,//. i AT aroKAXx.
Inveatgntion Point* to a Poitofllre Em
ploye «« the Culprit.
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 2-L— For some
time past tiie postal authorities have been
aware of the fact that some one was rob
bing the mails sent through the Spokane
postoffice. Three weeks ago Deputy In
spectors Robinson and Wayland were put
to work on tne caie, and they in turn
wired for Chief Inspector R. R. Munroe,
wiio arrived here from Ban Francisco last
Sunday. When the result of the investi
gation was laid before him he summoned
James. Nevint, chief of the Pinkerion
agency at Portland, who came on Mon
day. The officials, including Postmaster
Malor., maintain tne utmost Heorecy con
cerning the rpsuit of the investigation but
Irom an inside source it is learned that
the disappearance of valuable letters and
registered matter has been traced to some
one in tbe Spokane office. No arrests
have as yet been made, from which it is
inferred that the culprit is still a matter
of doubt. Xo information can be obtained
us to the amount of money nSed from the
mails.
8A& B.AVAEI, I.IVORCE SUIT.
Superior Judge Angrllottl Allow* Mr*.
J-iniyan Alimony and Coot*.
' SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. 24.— Mrs.
Emily B. Finiean, who is suing her hus
band. Colonel Peter A. Finigan,. for a di
vorce, was yesterday allowed $300, and it
was ordered , that she be paid $100 every
month. from ' March' 12 until the suit is
ended. The Mini of $450 was also allowed
lor attorney's fees and costs. Colonel
Finigan's income was shown to be about
$1000 a month. • • ' -
• Mr«. Finigan is suing for a divorce upon
the ground of cruelty. The defendant
entered a protest to the granting of the
alimony on the ground that Mrs. \fi mean
in her complaint failed to show sufficient
cause for outaining a divorce. Suuerior
Judge F. M. Angeliottiof Marin County
failed to see matters in this light and
granted Mrs. Finigan the allowances and
alimony. ,
Tamalpni* /toad Change*.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Feb. 24.-The
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpaia Scenic
Railway Company has placed orderß lor a
mountain-climbing engine and a number
passenger co.aches, to be completed in
time for the summer travel. The road's
present facilities are inadequate for the
The facsimile /rf S/T/7-+-ia~~ is on every wrapper
signature of Wuz//Jt/<&4cA#K of CASTORIA.
travel, and men have been put at work
building a sidetrack far upon the moun
tain. The timetable will be altered.
JHarin'M fian to Build R«zdi.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Feb. 24.— The ar
rangements are about completed for tne
"hard times smoker" to be given here
Saturday night to raise funds to defray
the expenses of the Marin Development
Association in its endeavors to secure
good roads in Marin County. The mem
bers of the organization in Mill Valley,
San Rafael, Larkspur and other towns in
the county huve sent assurances that they
will be present.
DIED IN THE BLACK ABYSS.
Frank Monahan, a Nevada Miner, Fell 335
Fe«t and His Body Was Horribly
Mangled.
VIRGINIA, Nbv., Feb. 24.— A mining
accident, attended with details of excep
tional horror, occurred at tlie Savage mine
about 3 o'clock tuis afternoon. Frank
Monahan, a well-known and respected
miner, met with an awful deatb.
Wiih two companions, Dennis Sullivan
and W. H. Thomas, Monahan was en
gaged in repairing the shaft between the
400 and 500 level. The men stood on a
platform of two-inch planks placed across
the shaft. Ordinarily but one platform is
used, but the awful accident which oc
curred in the same shaf t just a month ago,
when William Byrne was Killed, had the
effect of inspiring unusual caution among
sbattmen, and they had an extra platiorra
placed below the one on which they were
working in order to catch them should
they Jail.
They had finished with one set of tim
bers and were raising the lower platform
about rive feet above their heads, with the
intention of repairing the part of the shaft
just overhead, when Monahan sprang to
one side 10 make room for the last plank
to be rais-ed. He lit with apparently a
secure foothold upon one of the thnbars
just inserted in the side of the shaft, but a
moment later his two companions were
horrified to see him piich forward and dis
appear througu a three-foot opening in the
platlorm into the black abyss below.
Monahan's companions immediately
gave the signal to hoist and were taken to
the top, where they were joined by the
foreman, and descended into the shaft to
search for Monaßnn : 8 body. They found
it at the 850-foot level. 335 feet below the
platform from which Monahan had fallen.
A few planks had been placed across the
shaft at this place and Monahan had
fallen on them. His body was horribly
mangled. Not n bone was left unbroken,
the top of his head was gone, his nose was
broken, «nd through a great gaping
wound in the back both kidneys dropped
out as soon as his clothing was removed.
Monahan was a highly respected and
popular citizen. He was prominent in
silver party politics and represented
Storey County in the State Assembly
some years ago. He was a native of Ire
land, aged about 45, and leaves a widow
and five children.
SJICBA-MBXTO L.IXEM.AN'B FATE.
Eltctrocuttd While at Work at the Top
of nit Kleetrie Pole.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 24—Fred
erick Stutz, a lineman in the employ of
the South Yuba Electric Company, wbs
electrocuted and aimost instantly killed
in this city to-day while engaged in ruak
inc a splice in the wires on top of an
ci' ctric pole. p
He had removed his rubber gloves, and
when he picked up the ends of the wires a
circuit was formed and he rec ivea the en
tire force of ;he current. His b<xiy was
hurled to^he ground, and when hi? com
rades picked him up it was seen that on
the jia.uii of both hands were two large
burns.
Several weeks ago Stutz had a fall from
a pole, caused by touching a live wire, and
at that time brose his arm. He was be
tween 25 and 27 years of age ana formerly
resided at Sisson.
commodore noirisos sooy.
Captain Barker Will He the A»tr Com
inimd'r of the Oregon.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 24.—Cap
tain Albert S. Barker will be detached
from Mare Island Navy Yard March 18
to assume command of the battle-ship
Oregon, relieving Captain Ho.vison, who
will be promoted to commodore.
VALLEJO, Cal.. F««b. 24.— 1t is not
know yet who will succeeeu Captain
Barker as captain of the yard. Captain
Cotton of the Philadelphia has been
spoken of as the probable successor to
Captain Barker.
Captain Howison, who will soon be
promoted to the eradeof Commodore, will
command a squadron, possibly relieving
Admiral Bunce of the North Atlantic
lleet.
31 ay Build to Pomona.
RIVERSIDE. Cal., Feb. 24 —The
Southern Pacific placed on record to-day
important right-of-way deeds believed to
indicate the purpose of the company to
complete its line from Riverside to South
Riverside and Pomona.
Sail* from San Diego
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Feb. 24.— The British
cruiser Comus sailed at 11 o'clock to-day
for E-qiiimault B. C. The U. S. S. Marion
is still in port, undergoing an inspection
by Admiral Beanlslee.
DENOUNUED AS " OINOHES."
Local Business Men Bitterly Oppose
Two Assembly Bills.
There was an important conference yes
terday between a committee of the San
Francisco Board of Trade and the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association in
the Board of Trade rooms. The object of
1 tlio gathering was to discuss bills 546 and
547. now before the Legislature.
The first is an act requiring manufac
turers to stamp upon their products on
manufactured wares an indication of the
kind of labor employed and the plan of
manufacture. The penalty tor violating
the proposed law was fixed by fines not
less thnn $50 nor more than $500 and mx
months' imprisonment.
The other bill proposes to compel em
ployers to furnish surgical and medical
attendance to employes injured during
workim; hours in mills, factories, ship
yards, foundries and other places where
machinery is used or forfeit a penalty of
three times the value of the medical
service required.
From the beginning of the session these
two measures were roundly denounced as
cinch bills of the worst order. The state
ment was made that at tHS present time
the Pacific Coast manufacturers are
hampered in dozens of unnecessary ways
and that it is a shame to add further
stumbling blocks to the manufacturing
industries.
Resolutions condemning the bills were
passed and last evening letters were sent to
all the Assemblymen unking them to kill
the bills before ihey go further. The bills
have slipped through tho second reading
already.
Sousa's Concert Programme.
Sousa, the march kin,-, will open at the
California Theater to-night. Th« pro
gramme is as follows:
Overture. "Tirana Festival" ..Leutner
Prelude to "Lohengrin * Wagner
Fiuegeihorn solo, ••Werner's Farewell". ..Nessier
_ •■■-■•• Franz Hell.
Caprice. "Robin and Wren" (new). ...... ....Ki1n5:
First Jmncarlau Khapsod/... '...Liszt
sopranaioo, "Se baran Rom" Ardut
. Elizabeth Norlbrup •
Introduction and tsiclllana, "Cavalleria Knsti
., can*" .-. ........ . Mancagni
March. "El Caplian"... * «ousa
Vloiln solo, "Ballade et PoJona-sc"...Vienxumps
Martina JolinS'One. " '*.' .'
Entr'acte, "The CiiclcetOD taa Hearth" (new>
:•."•; .-.....:.... .^...uoldmtrk,
MEAT INSPECTION
IS SET ASIDE
Four Large Abattoirs Make
an Interesting De
parture.
The Department of Agriculture
Granted an Earnest
Petition.
Consent "Wa? Based on the Statement
That TJi«y Are Not Engaged
in Exportasin.
A move which will occasion some sur
prise among butchers and provision deal
ers has reached a culminating point within
the last two days. This is nothing less
than the removal of t c Government meat
inspection from four large abattoirs in
this City, owned respectively by Miller &
Lux, Moffat:, Horn & Judge and James
Hall. The ordera were received by Mr.
Barker, chief of the service in this City,
two days ago. On Tuesday the inspectors
were removed from duty at the first three
places named. Yesterday the meat in
spection at James Hall's place came to an
end.
This action came about through a peti
tion which was forwarded by the farms
concerned some time ago to Dr. D. E.
Salmon, Chief of the Bureau of Animal
Industry of the United States Department
of Agriculture at Washington. This peti
tion set forth in substance that the firms
were concerned only in killing for the lo
cal trade and that they were not engaged
in the export or interstate trade. The in
spection of the Government applies only
to meat for exportation.
Before the inspection was instituted
t! ese firms had to make application to
the Secretary of Agriculture. Thereupon
the United States sent the proper in
spectors, who under the law and regula
tions for the inspection of livestocK and
their products, wera compelled, when all
the conditions were complied with, to
issue certificates and tags and stamps,
showing whether the meat inspected was
for export or for the interstate trade. A
daiiy report waa returned to the depart
ment concerning all inspections.
No teason other than that given in the
petition is assigned for the action of the
tour lirma named. Mr. Barker said yester
day: "T;ie retail butchers will feel this
exclusion from inspection; first, for the
reason that when a butcher buys a car
cass, or a quarter, his trade calls lor only
a part of th;s quantity. The remainder
must be disposed of to packers for sau
sage, for canning and so on. But meat
killed at abattoirs where ther« is. no Gov
ernment inspection cannot be stamped o\
tagged for cxi ortation or for the inter
state trade. I'he removal of the Govern
ment inspection, which wns only for the
special purposes named, does not inter
fere with or set as)de the health inspec
tion by the ioeftl au horit.es."
E. D. PEIXOTTO RESIGNS.
Withdraws From District At
torney Barnes' Staff of
Assistants
Edgar D. Peixotto has resigned as a
member of the staff of District Attorney
Barnes' assistants. His resignation fs to
go into effect March 1, after which date
Peixotto will be known as a plain every
day lawyer, with ambitions along the
lines of private practice.
Peixotto is a son of the present foreman
of the Grand Jury, Raphael Peixotto, and
a brother of Ernest C. Peixotto, the well
known crtist. He attached himselt to the
District Attorney's office about four years
ago, and has been public prosecutor in
some of the bi<r criminal cases that have
worried the court 3of late. His most
notable effort was assisting to convict
Durrant.
The young attorney's intention to re
sign was conveyed to his chief in the fol
lowing letter yesterday :
New City Hall, Feb. 24, 1897.
Hon. Williams. Barnes, District Attorney, San
»EW TO- DAT?
A Wonderful Medicine
trains
mjo^ B^^ IS Xl 1 9 jj
for Bilious and Nervous dlsorders,such as Wind
and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddi-
ness. Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ot
Heat, Loss ot Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos*
tlvenoss, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, &c, when these symptoms ars
caused by constipation, as most of them are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This Is no fiction. Every sufferer Is
earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills
and they will be acknowledged, to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECIIATO'S PILLS, taken as directed,
frill quickly restore Females tocomplote health.
They promptly remove obstructions or Irregu-
larities of the system. For a .^I *
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic— a tew doses will work won.
dors upon the Vital Organs; strengthening the
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of appe-
tite, and arousing with the Rosebud of
Health the whole physical energy ot
the human frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, in all classes of society, and one ot
the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated Is that Beecham'S Pills hare the
Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine
in the World. . .
WITHOUT A RIVAL
Annual Sales more than 6,000,000 Boxes
25c. at Drue Stores, or will bo a«nt by V.Q.
Agents. B. F.ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
York, post paid, upon receipt ot price. Boole
fre« upon application. - -. .
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc.
CURED BY - \ .
Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder
Paris, J. ESPIC : New York, B. FOUGER A& CO
__ SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
F ancis"o— Dear Sir: I bog to hereby tender
you my resignation as As=!s a. it District Attor
ney, to tate effect March 1, 1897.
My private practice now cuiis for so much of
my time that I find I cannot jfive tue necessary
attention to the affairs of the public office you
have so kindly Honored me with for the past
four years.
In taking oflMil leave of you I beg to give
mr appreciative thanks for all your nniiorm
courtesies extended, nnd your Confidence re
posed in me.
With best good wishes for your future, of
ficially and unofficially, and that of your staff,
my esteemed associates, I remain very truly,
Edgar D. Peixotto.
District Attorney Barnes immediately
returned his iegrets in this fashion:
New City Hall, Feb. 24. 1897.
Hon. Edgar D. Peixotta, Assistant District At
lomey—My Dear Sir: 1 have ihe honor to ac
knowledge the receipt of your communication
of even date herewiih.
I Krently regret that the necessities of your
business require you to never your connection
with my department. During the years that
you have b?en connected with it you have
rendered efficient and ab;e services, and 1 ap
preciate them most highly. I can feel, how
ever, that the time hns arrived for you to
spread your iercai sails for more favorlne
breezes, and I know you will be successful.
Wlih best wishes for your prosperity and ad
vancement in the profession, and with many
regrets at severing relations which have been
most satisfactory, privately as well as publicly,
1 have the honor to remain, with the highest
esteem, yours very sincerely,
William S. Barnes. District Attorney.
Peixotto wiil be succeeded by Walter
Hinkle.
ITEW to-dat:
ARE YOllT"
IF YOU ARE_
Among the various ills that afflict
the human body, none arc more ex-
. hausting to the vital powers than what
is commonly called "Nervous Debility"
• or "Seminal Weakness."
Are You
Weak V Are you troubled with dreams
by night or losses by day T ah you
annoyed with pimple* or blackneads ?
Are you bashful or adverse to society ?
Are you losing your energy, ambition
or self-confi<tence? Are you tired,
stupid or discontented? Are you feel-
■ ing despondent or gloomy ? Are you
afraid oi losing your memory? Are
you unfit for business or pleasure ? Are
you subject to a weak back or aching
kidneys ? Are you impotent or feeble
in sexual pow?r?.Are you about to
get married feeling unfit for matri-
mony ?
If You Are
Thus afflicted you know the cause.
. Stop the vile nab t that is killing you,
and get cured of its evil effects. "You
will finJ tne distinguished specialist.
Doctor Cook, your best Iriend. He will
restore to you your wasted vitality, and
qualify you for the pleasures, duties
and responsibilities of sturdy manhood.
DOCTOKCt)»>K is also an expert on
- Female Complaints, Gonorrhea, Gleet,
Stricture, Syphilis, Varicocele, Hydro-
cele. Rheumatism, Rupture, Piles,
B>ood and Skin Diseases, and diseases
of the Eye. Ear, Nose, Throat, Brain,
Heart, Lungs, Liver, Stomach, • Kid-
neys, Bladder and Urinary Organs.
MAIL UttAiMKNi always suc-
cessful. Therefore write if you cannot
ca.l. FREE BOOK on Nervous and Sex-
ual Diseases to all men describing their
troubles. Office hours. 9 to 12 A. M.
and 2to 5 and 7toBP. M. Sundays
. from 10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
Doctor Cook,
865 Market Street,
i"*\ San Francisco, Cal.
B?pg]Dß. HAIL'S REISYIGORATOR
&Aaf r '"Vfcf Klva bnndred rcwarU lor any css»w*
Beat i»% cnnnotcuro. THIS SECRKT KESI-
SDR. stops alt losses in 24 boors,
Five ha ud red reward toranycasvw*
cannot cure. THIS SECRKT KKM-
KuY stops all losses In 24 boars,
Steal ■»» cures K missions, Jmpotency, Varied
RW! Ktrt c<>le ' Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Vita. S;ri>
IkVA liji' lures, Blood Disease and all w»stiat
BSHB_H|a effects of Self- Abu » or JSxoesK*
KSawngKSa Scut sealed. $2 per boule, THRiijl
BOTTLES, *5: ruarantet^l to cure any casa.
Bit HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITI/TK
b55 Broadway. Oakland. Cat.
All privet* taae&Mxt tinicjcly curoa. bead for
tie* book. ■
r , : . ; .:,- v : ---
LJIUC Vnil 0 Tnroat, Puapies, Coppor- Eg
$InA"£ TUU colored Spots, Aches, Old SSores.ESj
ggjlicera In Month. Hair-Falling! Write C'OOBjH
WIZEMEDI CO., SO7 Masonic TempleM
■■Chicago, 111., lor proofs ot cures. Cupl- S3
mtul, ■ 8500,000. Worst cases cured In 16 31
jfto 85 day. 100-page ftoofc fk-«g.
■
* M ™— *^**^— ~— M^— — — — — M^^— — , ' ' — — — — —
have proved decidedly beneficial in my family," said a clergyman from Rhode
Island. ! "For years I was troubled by excessively severe attacks of indigestion.
Many times I have been from four to ten days with no evacuation of bowels
whatever, and the pain and sense of heaviness has been most intense.! saw
an ad of ' Kipans Tabules ' in a magazine that comes to my study .(the HomiUtic
Review), and secured a supply . and began taking them according to direc- '
tions given. , I shortly began to have full, regular and painless evacuations •'
my sleep became sweeter and more resting, appetite \ increased, and within a
few weeks the trouble entirely left me, and no relapse has taken place and none
is anticipated. I regard myself as having been entirely cured by * Ripans
Tabules. Since then my mother has been cured, of a similar . trouble and by
the same means, and I sincerely hope the time will come when every family in '
the land will learn the value of Ripans Tabules." • * y '
' ' "• ■'•-■ ■■■ ■ -•• •■ •-, -
_ » NEW TO-DAY. .
AUCTION.
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY FEBKUAKT 35
•At 1 2 m. sharp, by
YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
FOURTH STREET.
RENTS $3900 PER YEAR
34 37:6-126 4h st.. south of Mission:
ren'S $.25 per month; large furniture-store and
basement and 40-ruOm lodging-house.
Cor. Ellis, and Leavenworth; Rents $240.
77:6563— N W. cor. Kills and Leaven woithsts.'
apronjiuent tramfer point; bar. fruit-store bar*,
bcr-soop and dwellings: rents 5240.
Bush Street Dwelling.
25x90—2122 Bush st. east of J-illmore: sunny
side; 9 rooms and bath: with some repairs will
rent, for $50; must be sold.
34tU Street— New Cottage.
25x114— 24th St.. west of Castro: a tasty
cottage of 5 rooms, bath aaJ basement; mast d»
sold.
Large Comer — 31st Ava. and California
Street.
57:3x100, In 1 or 2 lots— SE. corner California
st and '21st aye. ; Callfornia-sc. cars about to ba
changed to electric.
Kuarny, near Green— Rents 839.
20x80. through to So on 5t.— 1315 Kearnyst.;
3-story bouse, cottage and stable lor 5 horaei;
rents $39.
Large Valencia Street Lot.
61x117:6-134 feet south of 25th St.; in 1 or 2
lots, to an alley facing S. P. It- K. station: thou-
sands of passengers get on and off the cars at this
point.
Church Street, North of Market.
24x125— West line of Church st, 363 feet north
of Market: Fillmore-st. electric cars pass.
Kri<» Street.
26x84—56 Erie St., bet. Mission and Uoward and
13:h and 14th: 8 room bouse; must be soli: a
good bargain assured.
H St., near Bth Aye. — Fronts Park.
25x100— South line or H st., 57:6 feet west of
Bth aye. V-
Tehama Street, near 3d— Rents 853.'
26x80—250-250% Tehama st; front and rear
house: bet 3d and 4th: rent $53; must be sold.
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
at It Publishes the Cream of the
cJ News of the Week and
01 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
A ORIGINAL FEATURES.
3 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
Crf PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
~l Fair and Impartial in Its
°\ Rendering of the Po-
o\ . litical News.
3 - It's the Paper to Send East 9
J You Want to Advertise
"3 California.
2 \ / "
The Best \ Mining
*j Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
! c»( The Coast / \& up to date
°) — - -S V
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational __
oC or Faky, and Not a Line of ",
ol it Dry or Uninteresting. .
3 A PAPER FOR THE COINTRY FiRtSIDL
CX Bright, Clean. A Champion of
1 Thoughtful. Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
I) ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
HOME MAIL, $1.50
O< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS F OR £11ALL IS READY FOR
THE SOUTHERN SEA
Reinhart and His Fortune-
Chasers Clear for
the Fijis.
The Brig Has a Big Cargo ot
• Hop?, Trunks, Arms and
Other Sundries.
The Ultimata Destination of the Qu er
Voyage Some M «nd Where
Life Is Eisy.
Faith ia the principal portion of the car
co that the brig Percy Edwards will carry
with it on the voyage the managers of the
South- Sea colonization scheme contem
. plate starting out on to-rtay. Of course
mere will be some 150 tons of iive and dead
ir«ight stowed away in various nooks and
coiners Id the vessel, but this is a very un
important matter as compared with the
btnign confidence those on buard have in
the "future.
It is i faith that knows no doubt or mis
giving.
. ■'■.Somewhere down in the South Pacific
t re is a haicyon island where poverty
4 har.i work are unknown," is the creed
Xaat inspires, it. Even the dogs and the
tats in the forecastle have become imbued
with this* star it. The brig is scheduled to
Bail some time this morn ing, according to a
programme decided upon late yesterday
aiternooM.
The clearance papers yesterday issued
to Captain Petersen in the name of the
United Brotherhood of the South Sea Isl
ands de-ignate Levuka, in the Fiji group
of islands, as the destination of the voy
age. From that point Caotain Pelersen
announce! he will proceed to Bougain Isl
■aiid in the Solomon group. Ueyond this
all is haze and mist. The expedition then
loses itself anywhere in the coral dotted
ocean if the word of those who are nianas
in-j-it is to be taken seriou-iy.
There are provisions aboard the vessel
sufficient to feed the voyiigers for one
y-ear. In all there are jusi 100 men in the
crowd. They hail from all point-- j-ionz
ti;p coast and embrace alruos'. ever? trade
and profession. There is one notable va
cancy, and, considering the co-operative
side of of the affair, it is an important one.
There is no shoemaker in their number.
Of those who have decided to cast their
fortune with this chimerical expedition
the majority are young men from the in
terior town?. They hail from the farms
of the Willamette and the San Joaquin
Valleys, from the orange groves of the
' south, and men from tne desolate prairies
of Stales east of the Kocky Mountains.
They comprise almost every creed and na
tionality, although Germany has the pref
erence. As a class the men seem indus
trious and ambitious, but it is their won
derful hope in the future of the venture.
.;n spite of all logical deductions to the
contrary, that is their chief characteristic.
Of thoae who win sail but two men
aboard have any accurate knowledge of
\iSe topography and geography of t tie re
gion they are going to. Tne remainder ]
have crude notions of Jife in the tropics, j
Tlie South Seas to them is a laud of ro- j
l nrance and pleasant living. True, once \
' and a while one of them awakes to a reali- !
zation that the scene there may not be as ;
iair as it has been painted, but Fuch |
vagaries are speedily dispelled by some
companion.
It b the strangest voyage that ever was
planned — as strange and as o^d as the
motley and fantastic crew that go to make
up its promoters. There is a disorder and
h vagueness about it all that is inspiring
in these days of business and hard com
mon-sense. The men seem, for the most
1 art, to be boys that have cavorted about
v.iih unsuccesh, and prefer a beautiful un
certainty to a plain and prosaic reality.
General Manager Reinhart is the only
man aboard from present indications who
• will get a run for his money. Reinhart
has up to date received some $10,000 in
contributions from the volunteer^ to the
venture.. The brie cost him but $2500, and
even after repairs and supplies are paid
for, there is still quite a snug sum lest in
the treasury, wnicn in this instance
means Reinnart's pocketbook. So it goes
without saying that the promoter of the
scheme. ls enthusiastic over its prospective
le.-ults.
For a time yesterday there were indica
tions of a mutiny in the poetical sur
loundingß ol the expedition. A young
rancher from Stanislaus County was told
Hint beans was a s'aple crop in the South
Seas, and this was not to his fancy. V.a
ions of hard labor with little profits on a
bean ia:ru flitted through his mind, and
he demanded the return ol his money.
This feeling was contagious, and soon
half a dozen of the colonists were on the
joint of deserting the ship and taking
chances in California again.
A search was made for Reinhart, but for
reasons .best Jcnown to himself, the pro
mdter of the expedition failed to put in
an appearance during the day. First
Mate Kigffs, however, managed to allay
the discontent by a disseitation on bread
fruit and bananas, and last night the re
calcitrant members of the enterprise were
dreaming of a balruv and indolent exist
ence in the Sou'.h Seas.
tThe provisions and general supplies
-ye Deen paid for out of the funds col
d by Rt-inbart. Each member of the
however, has laid in some
extras on his own account. In the item
of firearms and ammunition, a Kesrny-
B'reet store sold stock to-the amount of
$1400 to the Percy Edwards' passenger
i.st. These arms were purchased with a
view of mixiiiir up with cannibals. Tha
baggage list comprises some queer articles.
An Italian, who hails from Stoc&ton, took
with bim as his possession a fiddle and a
ten-gallon demijohn oi cheap claret.
At 5 o'ciock lust night the vessel was
rractically loaded. The day had been
consumed in stowing away baggage and
jrovi-ions. All day long a steuuy stream
of express wagons drove on to the Liule
Main-street wharf loaded down with
household furniture, trunks, valise*,
stoves, cooking utensils and such like.
Each man took a personal interest in the
disposition of his own baggage, but once it
was consigned to the hoia it b.carce com
mon property. Trunks, stoves, mattreste.",
wirebeds and rubber boots were piled
t romiscuously on top of each other.
'1 here was no system observed in this part
■ f the preparation for the voyage. By
night the nold was p. confused mass of
haega^e, lumber and agricultural itnpie
nients, jammed together without any pre
tense a^ lash ng. The first heavy 9<?a that
the brig encounters will make lively times
below decks at least. The rgriculturnl
implements include several plows, harrows
ana cultivators. These are to be used, so
the colonists say, in tilling the land of th?
island they will cast their lot with. There
are dogs and cats without number scat
tered about decks.
j The brig is 189 tons net and but 104 feet
ling, consequently Reinhart and his fo'-
Vowers find their new quarters none too
upaciou*. In fact, the matter of sleeping
accommodati ns has been a source of much
worry. The cabin has bean provided with
bunks at the expense of the cubic air recu
lattons. In the stern an additional house
has been boll?, equipped with a cooking
palley, where mor* bunks have been con
structed. Below in the hold the remainder
of the crowd will sleep as best they can.
Xhe crew of the vessel will consist of six
THE ADVENTURES OF THE PERCY EDWARDS.
Some of the Men and Some of the Cargo That Will Go Fortune-Chasing in the South Seas.
teen sailors. Like every body else on board,
they too have a lars?e *tock of faith, for
their wages for the most part consist of
prospective profit* tn the South Seas. The
hiehest-salaried officer aboard is the first
officer, who will receive 75 cents per month.
Four cabin-boys signed for -3 cents a
month. The rank and tile of the crew will
work for 60 cents a month. There will be
a boatswain, cockswain and many other
petty officers at cabin-boy wages.
Captain Pet^rsen expects to reach
Le7uka within sixty day?. From tliat
point to the Solomon Islands is over 1500
miles in a northwesterly direction, and
the course is tortuous with islands and
coral reefs. Here all definite ideas ot the
voyage end, but with the beat of weather
over 100 days will be spent in getting
this far.
Somewhere in the vague ideas that
Moat through the brains of the promoters
of the expedition they have a plan to
drop a portion ot the expedition on one
island and the vessel is then to proceed to
a second island and land the remainder.
Reinhar: had a lucid interval ye^t-rday
long enough to realize that he and his
colonists would probably have some diffi
culty in landing anywhere in the South
beas without the consent of the authori
ties that be. Almost every island in that
resion is under the protectorate of either
England, France or Germany.
By way of petting a ii tile information
along tin so lines lieinhart called on Brit
ish Consul Warburlon to learri that he
would have to consult the British Governor
at Suva if lie wisned to locate ti is regi
ment of adventurers in either the Fiji or
Solomon proups. German Consui Ro*en
tual was sought; for nformation about
Xew Guinea, wtiich is one of the prospec
tive promised lands, and he told his callers
that permission to settle there must be ob
tained from the "New Guinea Associa
tion." It is in the programme of the ex
pedition, if stress of circumstances should
warrant it, to place itself by means of a
declaration of naturalization under the
protection of sora3 of the foreign protec
torates to better aid in any struggles with
natives. Once the passengers are safely
landed Captain Petersen and Reinhart say
they will return to San Francisco with a
cargo of mahogany. They then anticipate
taking a second installment of colonists to
the South Sea 9.
Reinhart says he has now over 1800 ap
plications for berths on the vessel. He has
organized his colonization scheme into an
incorporated society, with a permanent
secretary and office in the Mills block.
What the outcome of the exposition
wiil be ia a matter of interesting conjec
ture. The scuerue owes its inception to a
fake story in a sensational morning news
paper about an island in the South Pacihc
that was desolate of men by reason of war
and "blackbirdinr." This weird narrative
declared that the crew o! a passing ship
bad been entreated by the great numbers
of lonesome women to remain and marry
them. There were other like embellish
ments and the "Adamiess Eden" island
began to be taken serson«ly for a time.
Subsequently the myth was exploded in
the newspapers, Reinhart, so it 13 said,
at first had in vl»w the idea of supplying
tne dusky and husband-Hungry females
with mates. Subsequently, when the
story was exploded, he changed the char
acter by calling it a "colonization scheme."
W hat the end of ;t will be remains to be
seen.
SHE IS DESTITUTE,
Jack ClemUhire'a Wife Is Living In
Porertjr In This City.
Mrs. Rosalie Clemishire was injured on
the Market-street RiilroadTuesday evening
while stepping from a carat Jones and
Market. She was taker, to the Receiving
Hospital.
Mrs. Clemishire was the wife of the well
known .'ack Clembhire. It was thought
she was in comtoriable circumstances, tut
her accident brought to light the lact that
she is destitute.
She told the surgeons at the hospital
thai she had no money, no ciotbes and
hail not eaten anything in two days. Siie
said she Jived in a small room at 1049
Market street and that she is almost de
pendent upon charity. She was not Dadly
hart.
Insolvent Dtbior*.
Petitions in bankruptcy have been filed as
follows: Roblets i Street, dealers In milli
nery, deDts $3586 84, nn assets; Peter 2 Kear
ney, saloon-keeper, debts 5272001 as-*t«
$2500. "■'"
ADVANCKSImnde on fiinii'.ure anl piano*, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-10^3 Mission.
THE CALL FOR THE COMMITTEE MEETING SENT
OUT LAST NIGHT.
DEAR SIR: We take pleasure in notifying you that Hon. James D. Phelan,
Mayor of this City, has now completed the list of fifty-eight honorary members of
the committee designated by him to co-operate with the Cuban League of the United
States, of which our order is a branch.
We especially desire that you, as a member of that committee, be present at its
first meeting, for the purpose of perfecting the organization. This meeting is to be
held at California Hail, Bush and Powell streets, at 8 o'clock, on Friday night,
February 26.
The purpose of yiis meeting is to select a chairman and secretary, appoint a com
mittee on arrangements and advertising, and take steps for a mass-meeting, at which
speeches will be made 0:1 liberty and questions akin to the struggles of the Cubans
for freedom.
We |are particularly anxious that this meeting be largely attended, for the suc
cess of the mass-meeting depends upon the energy and foresight of the committee.
We want to send Hon. Ethan Allen and his associates in New York a report of
progress here. Very respectfully,
JOHN H. JONES, President.
FAUST MASCHERINI, Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1897.
CUBA'S FRIENDS
FEEL CONFIDENT
Great Results Expected
From the Meeting
To- Morj&w.
The News of Consul-General Lee's
Resignation Received
With Joy.
Members of the Committee Formally
Notified of tbe Gathering at
Ca if mil Hall.
It is anticipated by the leaders of tbe
Cuban sympathizers in this City that the
meeting 01 the committee on organization
appointed by Mayor Phelan to-moYrow
evening will result in steps that will soon
produce something substantial in the
cause of the strugglinc patriots.
Some lew of the committaeuien are not
in tbe City are present and will not be
present at that meeting for that rea«on,
but a majority will be there, and as all
are enthusiastic in the matter it is ex
pected that many valuable suggestions
will be made. Urgent requests to be pres
ent were sent to tlie committeemen last
evening.
Suggestions as to the plans that will
help the cause coma from sources outside
the City every day, and all axe given cart
ful attention that they may be utilized
should the league, when fully organized,
ses fit to use them.
D. £. Bohannon of Sacramento, who has
shown an active interest in the league
ever since it was organized by Messrs.
Jones and Mascberini, wrote to the secre
tary suggesting a plan for bringing the
sentiment of the people of San Francisco
to the attention of Congress. His letter
is as follows:
Sacramento, Cal., Feb. 22, 1897.
Fauat Matchtrini, Secretary Cuban League,
!006 Mason street, San Francisco, CaI.— IJEAR Sir:
1 desire to submit the following to your hon
orable body as * suggestion.
That your league secure the co-opsration of
similar leagues throughout the country to
follow a plan similar to the one herein sug
gested, viz. :
That Cuban leagues in the United States,
each :n 111 respective locality, secure the aid
of some leading newspaper in circulating, and
securing signatures to a petition similar to the
attached copy, and have said petition*, at
tested by the proper officers of leagues, for
warded to Representatives at Washington.
Yours very truly, D. E. Bohannon.
The form of petition forwarded with Mr.
Bohannon's letter reads as follows:
Ban Francisco, Cal., Feb 1897.
To Washington, D. C
In the name of liberty, justice and human
ity, we imrjore yon to us* your influence in
urging Congress to recognize the indepen
dence of Cuba, to the end that the Govern
ment of tlie United States take immediate ac
tion in endeavoring to bring about a speedy
termination of hostilities in that island; also
to tike proper steps in behalf of American
citizens now tn Cuban dungeons, as well .is to
redress the wrongs oi those who have been un
fairly dealt with by Spanish authorities In
Cuba. And we ever pray, etc.
Signed
Several men. some of them well-known
in this City, called on Secretary Mnscher.ni
of the league yesterday and offered to
serve on the committee, but as Mayor
The an has already appointed the body
and thus sienined whom he wishes to serve
the secretary did not feel at liberty to add
more names. All wera invited to attend
the meeting to-morrow night, however, as
it is desired to get the advice of as many
sympathizers as possible.
It is hoped to have Professor Brown of
Stanford University, who has been organ
izing a branch league in the great institu
tion of learning, present to address the
committee, and also at the mass-meeting
that is to be called. In addition to Gen
eral Barne-i a number of prominent local
orators will address the gathering.
The news of Consul-General Lee's resig
nation as the chief representative of the
United States in Cuba has raised high
bopes in the breasts of tbe sympathizers
in this City that bit course will lorce the
present administration to take a decided
stand at once.
Thty feel confident that each succeeding
day brings the Cubans nearer to liberty,
and that ere long they will see a fulfill
ment of their long-cherished hoDes.
FIGHTEES TOR OAfiSON.
George Green and Hampton, the Hand*
ball Player, Left Lnat Evening.
George Green, who is matched to fignt
"Mysterious" Billy Smith on March 16 to
a finish at Carson, left for the scene of
battle iatt evening witb Hampton, the
crack handball player of the Olympic
CIUD. The Green and Smith tight will be
for the weiter-wek'tal championship.
Green will train with Corbett. Jeffries
and Stelzner are now «t their respective
training stations. The former will assist
Corbett in putting on the finishing
touches. Stelzner will look after Fitz
simmonf).
The Olympic Club will probablr sign
some of the local pugilists to-morrow
night for its fistic carnival in April.
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. InglesiJe Racetrack. Wednesday, February 24 Fif*v
r fourth day of the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track sood.
CQA* rXJUTE KACfc— fceven-elgbtfas o» a mil*; telling;
Index. I
511 j
667 I
I
I
687
Horae ana w»!«ht. St.
JMorana. 104 2
Old Jack 100 1
'Sabfo:h 105 5
Niton 10H 7
Kiolca 105 4
Tom Spencer 103 8
Fallen Princess. .loo 13
Di-tiant 115 3
Korden .110 8
Fusil 115 1 9
Dr. M.zner 108 11
Keva 105, 10
::.::::
i
Vi
*/*
26
1 a
4 2
T34
68
3 2
10
6 3
9
11
1?
81
55*-
-6^
74
84
92
10 i/t
\\*
Fin.
■H. Martin
Barrlnger.
Spencer
W. Martin
Clawson ,
Reidy
siaushter
Snider.
C M0an.........
T. Williams....
MctlaU)
-Ulllvan
0-2
8
10
3
10
10
a
10
3
10
•20
15
8-5
lft
20
4
15
»0
7-2
30
6
60
100
SO
I
::::::::
:::::::
r*
::::::::
I
!
: I
I
Good start.
Won c everly.
Winner, W. G. Sylvester's b. I, by Moreilo-Temascal. Time, :43^.
597. bhCOSD
690
690
586
678
SUB
Index.
Hone, age, weljrht. 1 St. 14 i/.
sir Klchard, a....H)4 1 2h
hT*m?:\*, 4 96 4 BVi
Catnellft, 4 99 a 6 i/»
Endno. 4.. 107 8 I 1 h
Hard I). 4 96 5 71
Imp.Dispnntr, a.lO* 9 8 1/3
|Hiarlinz,6 lOfl 7 9
Hyninn, a 107 3 4h
1 Una Qua A mo. 4. 98 6 8 2
1 1
10
***
5 1
6 1
9
8%
- V*j
*tr.
13
53
3 V,
Si 3
1*
I
7%
11
2 a
33
4h
53
6 5 1
9
Pllfgot. ;.
slaughter I
I Jones , M
U. Mnrtln
(ffeldy
I P. Su iivan
i Dolan
Mcllale.
Tnonipson......
Jockeys.
Beulns.
On. Cl.
8
H
11-5
-.»
an
15
50
50
10
' It
3
e-6
3
20
15
ICO
60
IV!
38a
576 I
Good stun. Won handily.
Time. 1:16%.
Boyle &
gr. b., by Stratford (or Imp. Uhlan)- Victress.
595. TniRD
two-year-olds: selling; purs* 9350.
Hone and weight.
hi
687 Free Lady ...... li
492 'Aluminum I 1
557 i'nUaa.Mta.r....l
667 Moringa 1
667 ißarne • Scbretber.l
Delia A 1
667 lrrltator ; 1
687 hosa 1
Hey Xl 8»nto 1
2
1
4
8
8
7
5
0
left
:::::::
lh
V! 3
4 1
8
83
73
5 1
62
1 V*
a v
61
P
8
M
11 |T Moan !
'i 6 H. Martin
3h T. .McHu,h
4 3 rlggolt
6y% Heuntsay
6 1 Thorpe
7 2 Sn«ncfr
8 Ihoropson
.'.. l»os«et
1
5-2
80
15
12
12
40
•Mi
30
!::::::::
1
l'oor start. Won easily. Winner, W. P. Magranc's br. f., by Free Knlglit- Fauna 111. Time, :43Vi-
CQQ FOURTH BALE— One mile; handicap: to ree-y ear-old aod upward; purs* 9500.
Index, none, age weight. at. V* Vt %
68N I Firrler, a 110 3 | 2y. 2n~ 2^
643 nstallator. 6 107 1; 81% 48 .s if.
(6M)'< »ter Joe, 4 110 2 11 11 1 2
691 < abrlllo. 6 10-J 6.5 A 5
415 Doctor G. 4 88 4 4 4 81 44
484 a cyhnrst.3...... 99 left Jf...
1 h
34
2 1
5
43
lh
2 <
38
44
6
Fin.
'. •'10 an.... ....
'horpe.
•ifg0tt....^....
ones
homiison '
I'eltine.
Op. CL
a
£-■-■
8
8
> BO
7-2
9-6
. 3
9-2
10
40
I
'laughter....... :
Poor start. Won driving. Winner, H. H. Hunn's eh. b., by Kalsetto-lmp. UndereUa. Time
I :4'Ji,4
FIFTH
•
Index .
I I'll 1 !
nd«x. Horse, aire. weight. I St. Btd. j i/i | 1/4 % ! Btr I Flo. | Jockey.
(583)i1hr.« Forks, a ..164i 32U. n 23 l"l 18 13 ! Hennessy .....
688 !Hei<lir<eton. 4. ...1bs 1 1) 4Vi 11 12 2 h 2 * 23 Cochran ...........
f.l'» li*«v»rno-Budd,4.l:'B' 1 M 41 3h 5 2 58 33 i^ummerdela
6*B Tuxedo. 6 IV-' 4 31 Sh ill 8b 34 4 Klnney
08-« Herman.a. 1:9 6« 1 64 52 44 4VI 52 lil'itins
683 Zaiajosa. «.. 144 7 lh 52 810 H "JO 810 610 : lVters [ j
4H» Uungarven, a... .142 5 7 7 7 i 7 . 7 7 Maynam |
P IO
e-5
15
2O
•-•&
4>
so
1-2
5-2
IS
60
HI
60
100
Good start. Won easily. Winner, K. W. Parser's b. g., by Sporane-Trifle. Time. 2:20.
60) S.XTH
Index, j Bora*. a«e. welebt.
(585); Formal, 4. 104
(678) rera-ut, 4 101
">7'J Co;la. 4. 99
(679) I Frank J ; u Lan . 4. ... 10 1
68-s iMticel. tt 104
(684) 1 1 p. Fi.llenon Lass, U. 104
• . Ben
*%, Sid. Iv* \h 'A ' Str- Fin. ! Jock»y. Op.
1 12 13 lli/^il IV* lus T. sioao ...'.,.. 1-2
•I 42 . 6*2 3% 2 1 2 3 230 ng80tt.......... 5-2
63h -i 12 1,, 31 141 3h clawnon ........ 60
5 21. Ah 41, 4i,i SI 414 J. shields ..:;.. 7
■ 4 5h 41. 0 2 Mi 53 5 4 11. Mart. n 80
» |tt ■-. 6.8 6 6 6 Buld r..... 50
Joek»r.
■tin*.
Cl.
10
a
200
9-U
60
160
Good star . Won driving. Winner, H. ti. Hunn's en. c, bf Cay uga- Prudery. Time, 1:651.4.
Ut\>-> sKVESTH KaCi —
Index.
I . Horse, mte.welsht-
Vi
M
.'/*
Str.
349 '
: (6«9)
■ 685
571
475
4b9
Imp.«ntitßflla,4..;
I 1 1 niton. 6.. ......:
LO!(8n, a ....3
■ oubtfui, 4.......!
IV.I -n-at*. 6...;..1
Lucille, 4 ....:
I
}
I
6
5
4
ah
\$
4 l>
1^
1 a
a !"■
I*
6H
1 1
a 2
3 4-
-4 1
55
6
1 2
2 3
34
4 a
56
6
1 .
W. Martlo
J. .shic:d»
7-5
7-10
50
200
40
200.
MoUviKb
C. Sloan
h. Martin
Good ftart.
Time, 1:151^.
on easily. Winner, W. O*B. Macdoncugh's b. t, br SL Serf- m p. Maiden Belle
IMMENSE CROWD
AT THE RACES
Fair Sex Pack the Stand
at Ingieside on Ladies'
Day.
Sloan on Ferrier Took the Handi
cap From Instaiiator in
a Drive.
Stubbornly Cjntest.d F.nishes Marked
the Day's Sport— Sir Richard
First at Olds of 20 to I
Ingleside track was the pleasure ground
yesterday to which thousands of ladies
found their way. The gate was lree to the
fair sex and besides it offered an oppor
tunity perchance to win a little pin
money. The weatber was warm and
balmy and the grand stand was crowded
almost to suffocation. Tbe lavorites were
in good form, winning lour of tbe seven
events run off, and tbe big tbrong filed
aboard tbe cars for borne in the very
brightest of spirits.
The sport was the best witnessed for
some days. Nearly all of tbe finishes were
stubbornly contested, keeping the occu
pants of the ttand in almost constant up
roar and excitement. Sir Richard en
livened the day's proceedings by talcing
the second race at odds of 20 to 1, and as
he was played to considerable extent
there was much joy among ins adherents.
The milfl handicap with six sporting
colors furuisheu one of the prettiest tin-
I lajiet of the afternoon. Ferrier waa a list
less sort of 0 to j favorite around post
time, the bulk of the coin bet apparently
going into the books on Instaiiator and
Ostler Joe. When sent away Ostler Joe
was allowed to set the pace for half the
distance, wh n Tod Sloan sent Ferrier ouc
in front. Thorpe on Instaiiator now
moved up, and, although riding his mount
hard, could not overhaul the hrst choice,
I who won by a head in 1:42^. Ostler
Joe took show honor;.
The first of the get of the dead Morello
carried silk to victory in the opening three
and a half furlong dash for two-year olds.
Morana, starting an 8 to 5 favorite over
the other eleven youngsters, collared Old
Jack at the paduock and won cleverly by
a length in :43& seconds. Sabaoth was a
distant third.
The gray horse Sir Kichard surprised
the crowd by talking the *ix-furlong purse
event that followed, after receding in the
betting from 6t020t0 1. He beaded (he
bunch before a quarter of the distance had
been covered and hard ridden at the end,
downed Br.uuetta who was coming fast
at the finish, a length. Camelia, the 8 to 5
Choice, was ihird.
The second two-year old scramble a(
three and a half furlongs was nothing but
a canter for Free Lady, the 9 to 10 favorite.
Ma»rane's hily jurnDed out in the lead,
and running unaer wraps all the way, ied
Aluminum out by neany a length. In a
hard drive On Gua Nita nosed out
| Moringa lor tue snow.
For the mile and a quarter hurdle event
Three Forks, carrying 181 pounds, was a
pronounced 1 to 2 favorite, with Recidiniz
ton next in demand at o to 2. The pair
had the race to theniselve- almost from
the start. In the siretcti Hennes«y gave
the favorite his head and, torginc to ihe
front. Purser's crack jumper won by three
lengths. Governor Buad was third, nboui
the same distance be>iud R.-ddington.
H. H. Hunn's recent purchase Formal
managed to land the mile and a mrlong
selling event that was sixth on the pro
/ .^___ NEW TO-DAY- GOODS.
GREAT LEADERS
POR
CLEARANCE TO=DAY
" In addition to the SWEEPING REDUCTIONS at which all
other lines are offered during this, the LAST WEEK OF OUR
GREAT SACRIFICE SALE, the following lines specially selected
for clearance to-day have been MARKED* DOWN to
HALF PRICE AND LESS!
DRESS SKIRTS!
50 BLACK FIGURED ALPACA DRESS SKIRTS, full size, will be closed Q1 Qft
out at , ....:..... «^JL«tJU
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
5000 yards FANCY DRESS GOODS, all wool, in plaids and stripes, former 1K n
prices 36c and 50c a yard, will be closed out at XtlU
HANDKERCHIEFS!
2000 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED HAND-EMBROIDERED
LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS, also WHITE HEMSTITCHED SPAN- C/i
ISH WORK aim LACE-EDGE HANDKERCHIEFS (slightly lruper- DC
feet), regular pr.ee %i 50 per dozen, on Special Sale this day at Each
CORSETS! CORSETS! CORSETS!
LADIES' BLACK SATEEN CORSETS, extra lone waist, high bust, two
side steels each side, embroidered with gold silk flossing, worth $150, HKn
will be closed out at lOb
LADIES' RIBBED UNDERWEAR!
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, high neck. 9fl/»
long sleeves; drawers to match; worth 35c each, will be closed out at.. . ' — UL
LADIES' WAISTS!
LADIES' LAUNDRIED SHIRT WAISTS, "Stanley" detachable collars, ef)-
latest style, regular price 75c each, will be closed out at t) l/C
I Ml g MURPHY BUILDING, /
[/[/ Slariet Street, Comer of Jones, /
San Franoisoo.
gramme in the hnrdest drive of the day.
The chestnut horse was a 3 to 5 choice in
the betting and, after leading from the
jump, was challenged at the paddock by
Perseus, the secoud choice, with Piggott
In t'.ie saddle, and. looking beaten forty
yards irom tne wire, snatched tne race
out of the coals the last jump, winning by
obiut four ?ncnes.
Trainer Amos White had the handsome
Santa Belia right un on edce and in the
concluding six furlong sprint •-he always
had the looting over the 7 to 10 favorite
Pre3ton, winning easily by three lengths.
She was backed from 8 to 5 down to 7 to 5.
Old L. gan was third.
NOT IS.
Jockey Spencer was fined $25 by Stßrter
Harvey for breaking through the barrier
with Irritator while the field was at the
post in tbe third race. The boys nad pre
viously been warned in the weigUine-room
to pay strict attention to the starter's in
structions.
Willie S^m* is once more in good stand
ing with the Incieside officials. Monday's
rating, which virtually banished him from
the tracK as far as appearing in the saddle
went, was modified yesterday to a fine of
$200 and suspension for ;h« balance of the
meeting. "Jockey Bill" also apologized
to the officials for his ungentlemanly con
duct in t.':e scalesroom.
Several of the g-t of Morello have been
seen in public oi late, but Morana is the
first to earn brackets, She beat a very in
ferior iot yesterday and cave Blight im
pression of any stake form.
Fusil, a rather racy looking filly by £1
Ray o which started in the opening dasij,
is a half-sister to Fly, being from Fusi
ladels Last. Jockey Williams had the les
up, and she looks as thnugti she might be
possessed of more speed than was distrib
uted about yesterday.
Ther* wa> an underground tip out on
imp. Disparity to win the second event.
The black Australian mare is a daughter
of Frying Pan and the coin bet slipped
out into the fire, for she failed to gel a
mark.
S nee the beginning of the mealing Mr.
Harvey's starling has been excellent and
yesterday was no exception. In the open
ing event the twelve two-year-olds were
dispatched in almost perfect alignment
witboui perceptible delay.
Formal would nave nad a merry old
time beating Ferrier yesterday. Mr.
Hunn's big chestnut horse retired very
early on Tuesday evening after partaking
of a very light supper, winch perhaps
accounted for the additional amount of
speed developed. Again, he is nut much
ot a weight-packer, never having been
asked in ihe East 10 carry over 140 pounds,
and the six pounds up irom the Formal
race worked up an exhilarating feeling
not unlike firewater in the stomach of a
Sioux Indian.
'Ostler Joe must have received sad news
from Montana previous to the handicap,
for after traveling half a mile he became
thoroughly disgusted with racing.
Wnoi a lunuy sort of a strawberry
headed little jockey J. Shield*, ibe son o:
Alex Shields, tno owner of Logan, is. He
seems to thorough y understand tne tem
perament of the horse Frank Juubert and
in turn Frank seems on very good term?
with his owner'-i son. One day Jaubert
will line up at the barrier, Jockey Shields
will oeat bis n>ld away and get in line.
Another day, Frank Jaubert comes out,
warms up good, the barrier flies up, little
strawberry- headed Shields appears in
some sort of a stupor, does a nula-buia
dance on the horses back, moves up to see
how good '.he third uorse is, falls back to
say something to the jockey ou the third
horse and just about that time the wire
slips around and Shields finds Himself
fourth. The story is a touching one of »
father's devotion to teach his boy to be
come a jockey.
When Formal, owned by H. Hunn, win
ner of the sixth'race, was put up to be sold,
Sam Dogcett raised him $300 over his
entered selling price of $500. Mr. Hunn
responded with ass bid an.i just to give
the owner a «care, President A. B. Spreck
els said $810. Another $5 bid sent the
horse back to his stable.
Greyhurst was up to one of his old tricks
and when the barrier sent the starters in
the handicap away, jumped backward and
was left.
Following are to-day's entries:
. First race, one mile.
590 Imp. Ivy 104] 593 Japonic*. 99
(435)YmkeeDoodle.ll4 684 Scimitar 104
602 Leu an 104 684 Tar and Tartar. loß
650 Peter II 109
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles.
699 Greyhurst PI 1 594 Suisun 89
507 Lincoln II 94 509 Argentina 104
(tß6^aivable 109 .
Third race, three-quarters of a mile, selling:
591 i:oadrunner....lO6 691 Meadow Lart.. 105
593 Cllssle B lOn 558 Dennis 103
591 o;ive 101 588 Hotspur 108
590 Boy I mrrutliers 91 595 Woodc£iopper..lO<i
504 Dolore 86 > .',
Fourth race, tbree-quaners of a mile, selling;.
(57'J)Boreas 1061 635 Major C00k.... 103
555 Jack o' Lantern 90 526 McUght 10 >
57! I.a F:echa t)8 496 M ol>;ii«ska 98
595 Yemen 105 828 Trappean 108
591 Mldlo 100
Fifth race, five-eighths of a mile.
691 Blue Bell 108 .... Sallle Cliquot.. 104
•161 Sepoy 98 £60 Miss Boss lot
292 Ce.oso 9S| 690 Chappie 98
631 Laura Kurt 81 .... Quteu Nebula. 93
502 Red Bird, 110 591 Capuy 93
102 Moan Warmer. JOG 1 636 Tuiaie 85
697 H«e D I«>4
(sixth race, one and a quarter miles, selling.
108 C011in5.......... 109 457 Unity 104
693 Foremost 100 .' BM Morte F0n5e...112
t93E1mirF....... 106 672 Cherrystone... .los
684 Can't Dame 10 '.
» ever.tU race, five-eighths or a mile.
693 Fly 118 53« Outta Percha.,loß
197 True Hue 95 6TB Mutuality 113
'Jh9 Punb0y........ 98 (69*) The 5inner.. ...103
364 Jlymu 110 .... Magnet 113
b5 Artist, 113
SKLKCTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
Firit race— Yankee Doodle, JLocan,
Peter the Second.
. Second race — Salt-able, Argentina,
Greyhurst.
1 liird race— Cll»sie B, Meadow Lark,
Olive.
Fourth race— Mldlo, Jack O'Lantern,
HcLlght
1 .ft li race- Celoso, Sallie Cliquot, Blue
Belt. i'*£
Hxth race— Morte Fonie, Unity, Col
lins.
Seventh race — Magnet, The Sinner,
Mainstay. .^^^^^^_____^^_
THIRD-STREET CELEBRATION.
Postponed Until Wednesday to Give
Merchants Time to liecorate.
The committee of arrangemdnts ap
pointed by the So>uthside Improvement
Clab to draft a programme lor the forth
i coming celebration on Third street met
; last night and decided to postpone the
celebration from Friday night of this
week until Wednesday night next, in
order to give the Third-street merchants
a better opportunity to decorate. The
celebration promises to be of a much more
elaborate character than was at first pro
posed, and for thai reason further time is
needeJ.
A large band has been engaged to tiarade
j the street in a profusely adorned four
' horse wagon, discoursing the latest airs
j for three hours or more. A. stand will ba
i erected at the corner of Third and Howard
I streets for the speakers of the evening.
j The Mayor and the Supervisors have been
I invited to deliver addresses.
The committee consists ot the following:
Adoiph Becker, B. Kaischinski, C. Attel,
J. Lerule, R. E. Cole and S. Elliot.
Civil Service .Examination.
Civil service examinations for the positions
of clerk, inspector, sampler, assistant weigher,
messenger, watchman, opener and packer,
foreman and inspectress will be held at the
Appraisers' building at 1 o'clock on Saturday,
Aprils. Applicants must be over 20 years of
nge and signi:y their iutentioa of taking the
examinations by March 15.
Knocked Down by a Bicyclist.
Mrs. Luce, an old lady living at 708 Ivy ave
nue, was crossing Laguna and Grove streets
Monday night when she was knocked down by
a bicyclist. She was taken to her residence
arid ■ physician summoned, who found that
her collar-bone wasbr.iken. The bicyclist rod*
on, but the police have a good description oi
him.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE SIAKKETS.
Wheat futures loner.
Barley dull.
More cal for Oats and Corn.
Rye neglected.
LUht export demand for Floor.
Cois'deraide change in Beans.
Jie»vy receipts of Hay.
Potatoes, Onions nnJ Vegetables quiet.
Butter weak. Cheese and Eggs lower.
Poultry about ' be same.
Hordiy any (Jarae arriving*
Fresh and Dried Frui 3 unchanged.
Provisions dull.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top gars/-
St station Indicate maximum temperatur- for tb«
ays: those underneath It. If any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
dnrint the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po!n 3 01 equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature, 'lhe
word "huh" means hl^li barometric pressure and
is usually accompanied by fair weather: ••low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in th» interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alonir the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low is inclosed with Isoburs of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is lrnprob
able. With a "high" In Ihe vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In wirier. The reverse of these condition.!
Will *»*oduce anVpposite result.
WEATHER BUKEAU REPORT.
United States Departmfnt of Agricul
.TUßK. WEATHEB BDBIAD, i'AX FBANCISCO. Feb.
24. 1897, SP. m. Weather conditions and g<neral
forecasts:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as cocaparei with thos» of the same ila c last sea
son and rainfall during the pan 24 hours:
Fureka this season , last Bei_on 24.89. past
24 hours .00; Re.d Bluff 20.56. last season 13.83,
past 24 hours .t.O; bau Francisco 17.77. last sea
son 12.43, pas; 24 honrs .00; Fresno 8.:-3. last sea
son 4.09. past 24 hours.oo: >an Luis ObUpo 17.13
last season 12.25, past 24 hours .00; Los Angeles
! 14.33, last seas 5.91, past 24 hours .00: San
Dieeo P.H2, last season 4.44, past 24 hours .00;
Yuma 4.72. last season .46. past 24 hours .00.
t^an Francisco data—Maximum temperature €0,
minimum 44, mean 52.
Weather conditions and general forecasts —
pre-sure continues hi- liest ibis evening ove- Ne
vada, with a ridge of i.lnh presume extending
northwestward to Vancouver. Continued fair
weather prevai's throughout the region west of
the Hockv Mountain , which is accompanied with
considerable rise in temperature.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hoars,
ending at midncht. February 25, 1897.
• Northern California—Continued fair weather
Thursday: light variable winds.
bouthern ; California—Fair weather Thursday;
light northerly winds.
>evad», Utah and Arizona —Fair Thursday.
Han Francisco and vicinity—Fair Thursday;
light variable winds.
W. H. II ammon. Forecast OfficiaL
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, li.i,. Feb 24 —Wheat was very doll
and prices lower this morning. The cessation of
the European war talk, which was very notice
able, deprived the bulls of the strongest cf their
arguments. That foreigners were also feeling
more at ease was evidenced by higher quotations
0:1 English consols from London and lower quota
tions on wheat from Liverpool, i Trade was so
light, however, that only narrow fluctuations too*
place and but moderate declines were noted. The
receipts at Chicago were 38 cars and 106,550
bushels were taken from store.
. The Northwest had 190 cars against 165 last
Wednesday and 441 a year ago. Brada'.reet's re
ported a decrease In the world's available stocks
of 796.000 bushels. The sinallness of this reduc
tion brought In some selling orders, ana prices
' slumped over a cent, continental cabUs were
■weak and lower. Export clearances were light
at 212.920 bushels. May wheat opened from 76c
to /B e, sold between 75i/i,c andl73%c,closlngat
74G474i B e, lVi@ls/ 8 c under yesterday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow 12 cars. No. 2 red »pot
wheat ranged from 82% cto 85y 2 c, closed about
83@94c.
CoKN— The confidence shown In the corn mar
ket yesterday was absent to-day. The St. Louis
operator of considerable prominence who naare-
t Ct-ntly been doing »ome heavy buying was not in
the market to any fxlent to-day. A large "short"
line was covered yesterday, thus removing that
support from the market, and under the circum
stances little life and le«s strength was apparent.
Wheat belne easy was another adverse factor.
Heceipts. 312 cars, were '23 more than expected,
and <4,€07 bushels were tak»n f m ore. Liv
erpool cables were quiet and steady. There was a
dec Ine when wheat brone. uo support being ap
parent. Bradstreets gave an increase in stock of
1.421.000 bushe s. Exports were large at 620,508
bushels. May corn opened at 245/ ac, sold between
241/2 and 241,4 c closing at the Inside, i/ 4 c under
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 125
cars
OATS— Most of the tradlnT In May oa'fi during
the morning was at 17V 4 @l7a^c, a fractional loss
from yesterday's clcsmg T..e receipts were b 4
cars over the estimate, 404 cars arriving. Wea -
ness was partly due to this, but lhe action of
wheat and corn was of more impnrianre. With
diawals from store were 12.43U bushels. P'tlcei
lined luriher when iheo.her markets collapsed
Kxpon clearances weiv *180 busbels. Brad
streets gave an increase in stocks of 420.000
bushels. May oats closed Vi@ 3 /»^ lower. JEs i
mated receipts for to-morrow 100 c.->rs.
FLAX- Was steady. Cash No. i, 74c nominal-
NorthwestTn. 76y May, 7«i^e: July, 78c; ts«p^
tember,793, . He^eipta were 18 cars. '
PBOVIiuO.VS— A -air improvement In produce
prices was quotable.bat the trace was certainly
devoid of Interest or activity. First reports trom
the hog market gave a.i advance or sc. This was
" 1 considerHtlon affecting product. May pork
1 ??"^^ lara 10^1'^c hither and
.May ribs ~>6x,~y c higher.
• BITIKR-i tie market was dull to-day. The
feeling continued easy and prices wire reduced
•Offerings w ( re liberal and the demand was light
L H r ' a m n >V~f xtn *- 18c: flrtM - l*-®l7e: sec
onds, 14@15c; imitations, fancy, I3u>l4c. Dairies
— Extras, ltfc: nrsls. l«®16c: neconas. 9«10c.
Ladles-Extras, ll®12c; nrau. »Vi«»V4c: packiu'
nock. 8c: irrease, 2»^@3c: roil but&r, U?Oloy,c "
B . t El O ';r Prices were firm and demand brisk.
The feeling was firm. Fresh stock, 16c 3 doz.
JIO.NKY — Was 4y 2 @5 X on can and 6% on time
, loans. .New 1 one excnimge was 70c discount bid
60c asked. '
Closing l'r'coa.
WHK AT— February, 727/ 8 ?; May, 74@74V»C;
COllK— February, 22% C ; May, V4l/4C; July,
< 253/ 8 a
OAT&- February. 15R/ c; May. 17y«c; July 18c.
POKK— May. *8 05: July, $8 17V-7
LARD— May. S4 10: Ju y. $4 i7il.
i'.Jßa— May, *4 15; July, 94 22%'
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. Juu. Feb. 24 —The
" race pa of cattle for the firs', halt of the week was
32,950 heal against 27.888 f r the same purl
of last week aud 20.324 a year ago. There is no
, improvement In the demand and the trade was
Blow to-day, prices ruling weak arid 10c per 100
pounds lower, with an estimated run of 16,000
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St. Tel. Main 1954.
CKNTBAJ. OFFICK
(23 Market St., Palace Hotel. ' Parly a Atkinson
Mana/ers. TeL Main M 44. . /
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining OrUl
i'.oom). TeL Main 1091. . . 
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managua.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
utiona. lteference Ist National Bank. & F. .
cmcAou JfiUVAii Wl&ifc. iiikVV xo&e.
head. Prime beeves have stopped coming in any
considerable q uamiiies, aod prices remain steady
under a good demand.- Country shippers are send
ing fewer hogs to market than a week «go.
ana prices were on the up-grade. There was
a brisk demand from Chicago packers and
the Ku.stern shippers. The first half of the
week foots up 107.000 bead, as compared with
114.800 for the same portion of last we and
101 UOO a year aco. 'l he arrivals 10-day were
abut 35,000 head, against Dearly 60.000 lan
Wednesday. There was a pood demand and Drices
advanced sgtlOc. To-day's tecelpts were esti
mated at 14t)00, bringing the sUDply for the first
half of toe we up to 38,400 h<-sd, against 3^.500
t r the same portion of lust week and 45. - a
year ago. There was a good demand and prices
were stronger.
CATTLE— Receipts. 18,000. Fancy beeves, $8 20
@6 35: choice tv pr.mes »*«, Si iOiai 35: good
to nice steers. $4 40@4 80: medium steers.
$4 l<;@i 35: fair berf supers $3 80®. 05; com
mon beef steers. $3 50@3 76: goo.l to prime sto-lc
ers an I f eJer.4. #3 io@Us: common to good
do. S3 00»4 85: bulls, fair to choice, $2 62
©- 75; do poor to choice $* 36"i53 80; cows and
heifers, choice to prime. $3 50(^4 15: cows, fair
to choice. *2 As@3 6J>; do common to fair cunners,
1 1 80@@2 60: calves. EOud to fancy. $5 75@8 26;
do common to gooa, 91 2 5@5 60: Texas led steers,
fair to choice, $2 25@2 75: Texas cows, bulls and j
oxen, $2"^@3 6U: milkers and scringeis, per 1
head, ?26@50.
HOGS -receipts. 35. COO. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $3 35263 60: common to choice
mixed. $3 45'%3 62V|< ctioice assorted, $?> 55©
1 70; light, 93 5. @i SO: Plcv 93 »o©3 70.
BHKKP- Receipts. 14,000. Inferior to choice,
(2 OU(g,4 25; lambs, 93 50(45 20.
r.ecelpts at Omaha.
FOUTH OMAHA. MIR.. Feb. 24—nOQB—Re
ceipts. 6500. Market active, 5c higher. Light.
53 40@3 50; mixed, 93 30&S 46; heavy, 93 iO(g)
3 60.
CATTLE— Receipts. 2609. Market steady 10
lower. Steers, 93 50@4 60; cows, 91 50@3 90;
feeders 93 25@4 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1800. Market active, firm.
Muttons, $3 60.
Receipts at Kan nan City.
KANSAS riTY. Mo.. Feb. 24 — CATTLE—
Receipts, 4414. Dressed beeves, 94 46; cows
and heifers, 92 40@3 45; smokers and feeders.
•3 40@4 16: Texas and Western, 92 45@3 46;
bulls, .$-» 60@3 30: calves. $4@12.
linus- - tt-relpts, 12,525; marKet 6c higher.
Light. 93 30@3 SO: medium, 93 32%@3 60:
heavy, 93 4003 60; pies, $ •_' ss®3 25.
fcliiiti'— Receipts. 2&BJ. Market steady.
NKTV YORK MARKKTS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 24.-When business
was resumed this morning the bu.lUh 'eellng was
In the ascendency. Consolidated Gas moved up
2 and Leather preferred li/2 percent. During the
afternoon the market deveiopedj weakness, and
this Increased as the sess'on drew to a cirse. Not
only was the early improvement lost, but a number
of lead 1 in,- jocks lUe Manhattan, B.ir.m . ion and
Qulncy, St. Paul, Hock Island. General .\meli3an,
We-t tv Union and Jersey Central sola to 1 X'«
per cent b-low yejterday's closing. The total
transactions were 120,283 shares. Net changes
show declines of 1/1 to I^B per cent In the leading
shares. Bonds were Irregular. Sales aggre^uted
33,600.
In Government bonds coupon fours of 1925 sold
at 12 %©l2^s/, ; do. 1907. a. 112; coupon rives at
11 /8 . and currency sixes 01 lti'jy at 1066 5.
Gri»ln j
FLOUR— Quiet, steady. Winter wheat, low
erades, 92 30(<j4 30: fair to fancy, 93 45®
4 51); do patents, $4 60r0,.">; Minnesota c ear,
S.H 5U@3 95: do siraichts, $4 25 rd) 4 SS; do patents.
$4 10(0-4 85; low extras. *2 HO^:; 30; C ty Mills.
$4(«4 9U: do raienis, 94 80@5u6: Rye mixture.
$'Ji<uCu,3 60: *upertlne, $\.<g,i 80: fine, 91 H)(j6- -'»-
Southern Hour. quiet, iirni; cummou to extra,
93 •JO<g,.-s 50: Kood to choice. 93 60fg14.
Rye Hour. dull, eisv, at $2 50a.- 1 85.
CURAMEAL-Qulet, steady. Yellow, 91 75©
185.
RYE— Quiet, steady. Western. 33V4 c. i. 1 Buf
falo, and 40(£4l c. 1. 1. track New Yor*.
BARLEY- Quiet: feeding, 20i/jC c. 1. t Buffalo.
WHK.vi -Dull, weak, f. o. b. 88^c; ungraded
red. 74@S8&
Options opened weak and declined Vs@V&c on
easier caoles, foreign selling and weak weal, r» lied
1 4't4-'»i: on local cab broke l@.i 4 ou nctiv
local realizing, and clos ng barely steady at «i@
1 1-20 be ow yesterday with trading fulrlv active. |
May nnd July active; February. 8 &' 8 c: March.
SlVgc; April, 80Vs@79s/ 83 : June, 79Vic: July,
7hl/ g c: September, /vS B e.
CunN-Spots dull, easier. No. 2, 29c elevator,
30c afloa'.
Options were quiet and easy at Vif^-Vto de
cline, with longs reallzin . M.iy and July only
traced In. February, 287' 8 c; May, 29 7 /»c: July,
soy 8 e
OaTS— Spot quiet, easier. Options dull, weaker.
February, 21c; May, 211c,c. Spot prices: No \L, I
L'H/sC: No. 2 while. 2i.c: .So. li Cm cage 2J' c ; '
No. 3, 22c: No. 3 white, 'J3c; mixed Western, 20(m
ate; white do, 21@B0c; white Mate, 21@30c.
Provisions.
-Firmer; better demand. Western otearn,
94 20: city. s3 80; Mar, * 4 40. Refined, quiet; Con
tinent. *4 4f>; south American, $4 66; compound.
4(&4Vs"
"i*. >'..K — Firm: moderate demand. New mats,
f 8 25(g>8 75.
1, 1 VI X i. — Moderate demand: liberal supply.
Western creamery. ISIS. i 9c; factor. , 7@l3c; i.l
-gins, 19c; imitation creamery, ll@16c; rolls, 8
@13c.
CHEESE— Firm. Part skims, 3@sVac; full
skims. :-(s>'U 3 c.
EUUfe— Weaker. Icehouse, case, 92 20@3 SO;
limed, 13c.
- TALLOW— Steady. City, 3V4C; country, 3Vs@
3s/«c.
COTTONSEED Oil.— Quiet, steady. Crude. 20@
20' jo; yellow prime, 2:i^)i§u4c
KICK— Firm, fair demand. Domestic, fair to
extra, 3y g @6c; Japan, 4yg@4y B e.
.MULA!S>KS- Moderately active: steady. New
Orleans. 18<£30c
COFFEE— Steady; 15 points down. March. $9
@9 05; May, 99 10; July. 9915: "sep:ember. 99 20.
spot Rio, dull; No. 7. 9%(ac9s*gc. - - .
>C(iAi:-i!«'»', prim*, fair denaud: refined,
quiet. off A, 4@)4y a c V lb: mold A. 45, c. stand.
»rd A, 8 c; coniect oners' A, 41,4 c: cut loaf, sc;
crushed. »c; powdered, 4&fec; granulated, 43 a c;
cubes, 4&sc
lruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bass. 9@llc
) j- a cuts— Pueiixt, ooxesl2%@lsc; unpeeled,
bags 7©9-.
I'KL -N KS-Fonr sizes. 4i/4@3a :
KAJBINS— Two 'crown L. M., 4Vic: three
crown, &Vi e : four crown. 6(36 Vie: London layers,
91 35481 -a; clusters. $1 40© 1 76.
A MOKDB- tsoft alien, 2 c; paper shell,
100)11 c.
WALNUTS— .Standard. 7c; do soft shell, 9c
HuPS— Choice active and Jirrn. ruclfic Coast, 7
©13C
WOOL — Firm. Moderate demand. Domestic
fleece, 15@2Sc; pulled. 18@21c; Texas, 7® He.
' Merchant! 1 so.
riniHON— Moderate demand. American, $11
@12 50.
CUl'PFß— Firm. Lake. 912.
I.F.AD-Firm. Domestic *3 27 l /2@3 »2l/ 2 .
1 1N— Firm: quiet. Btralts, 813 46@13 60:
plates, steaiy.
bPKLTKR-Quiet. Domestic. 94 10@4 12y 3 .
NKtV VOBK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*. ;
Money on call easy at 1V B @2\; last loan 1 Vi V
Prime mercantile paper 3%. Bar silver, 64 iS-ltic.
Mexican dollars, 5X@53Vi|C sterling exchange
dull, firm, with actual business in bankers' bills at
$4 851,4 851 i for 60 days and 94 87@4 87 1/4 for de
\ mand, Posted rates, 94 85 Vi(6»4 86 Commercial
bills, 94 H3vi9* 841,'s- Government bonds steady:
State bonds dull; railroad bonds Irregular. Silver
at the boaid was Irregular.
tICHNa STOCK*.
Ana Te! A Cable... 85 (North American... 43/«
Atchlson .. 14 'Northern Pacific.. 141/4
Preferred 22% Inferred 371,*
Adams Express. ..l4B (Northwestern. 1041/1
Alton. TerreHaute 6tf , Preferred 1601,^
American KxprewllOJ^ » V Central 82%
American Tobacco 74y* XV. Chicaso&stL 11
Preferred 102 Ist preferred 70
Kay btate u'as. 11 ■ 2d preferred, as
Baltimore* Ohio.. 16Vi N VAN Ii 173
Brunswick Lands. 3 /s, * V & New Kng... 37
Buffalo, Roch &P. lß^i'X Y. Buaq & W. — 8»A
Canada Pacific 64 4 i /'referred 24Vi
Canada Southern.. Ontario 104
Canton Land 8 Ontario A Western 14%
Central Paclilc . . 1 4 Oreeonlmprovmnt—
ches A Ohio 17 Prefe-red . .....;. —
CblcatfO Alton 103 Oregon Navigation 14
Preferred. ......172 Oregon t-hort Lino. 14
Chicaco, B A Q.... 7.'% Taclnc Mall 24%
Chicago* 111.... 42 Peona. DA Kvaas 2
Preferred .... 95 i'lUsbur* A W ptd. 15
Chicago Ou . 773/ l'uilman Palace.... 106
Clev» A PltUDuru. ltfS»V^ Quicksilver 1
Consolidation <;oaL 34 ' Preferred 12
Consolidated Gas. Heading 9*Va
CC CA St Louii... ■:■ x ,4 KloClrandeAWe-iin 121
Preferred . . 77 \ 1 referred 3SV.
Colo Fuel A irea.. 21 14 Rock Island 66Vi
Preferred.. „ ... 80 |Kom«Wat«o»den.H7i/4
Cotton 0.1 cert UViStLASW. 8»/
Commercial Cable. ltO ', Preferred 107/
Del Hudson 106-"J4 ! « Paul 76*?
Del LackAWestrn.lo3 , Preferred 133
Denver A KG toy a St Paul A Duluth.. 18
Preferred 4O'/2 Preferred 80
Distillers. 8t Paul A Omaha.. 4»V4
General Electric... -2«3/g' Preferred.... ISO
Erie 14 st fhi A M ,11«J
Preferred Silver Certificates. 64%
rort Wayne 1«M Southern Pad tie... 14 a 4
Great Northern »fd 120 fconthern Kh. ...... 9
«<reen bay — ; Preferred 37%
Harlem. ...a»3 Sugar Refinery! .] 114V<a
Hockln«coal_ 4 Preferrea .. . ...10S
liockine Valley... 6 Term Coal & Iron.. 'J&34
HoniestaKe.... 35 < Preferred hO
H T«m Central Texas Pacific .... 9»
JllluoiH Central.... 01 4 lot AA<& x Mich.
lowa Central tl% ; 'l o1 Ohio & Central 15
Preferred 24»*»| Prelerred 60
Kansas A Texas... 14Vz|ToH»t Louis 4KB s'' ?
erred... ...... \l\t*/i\ Preferred 181^
Kingston Arena.. 8 , Colon Pacific 6%
Lake Erie A Westn 16 Vi V P Den A0u1f.... . i/Z
Preferred. .. . 67 lUHCordace. — .
Lake »nore... 15b Preferred ..„....—
National lead 23</4 Guaranteed —
Preferred J»0 t T B Express 86
Lour I*. an ; 46 U 8 Leather. 7.i»
Louisville AN aib. IBVe' Preferred. ........ 673/»
Louisville. \. Aioar V* U Bobber... -O-'- 4
Preferred. . ..." U/4I Preferred......... 7 'i
Manhattan C0n.... 87% Dtlca A B River.. .l6o
Memphis* Charts 16 W»b 6L A Paclflo. 6»/ a
Mexican Central... H3/ 4 Preferred......... Ih^fc
Michigan Central.. Wella-Farca....... 99%
iilnn A 8 L.. — - , Western Union.... b2c /8
' Preferred . " — Wisconsin Central. ■ 2
Minn A»t torn.' IHMi Wheeling A L 8... 114
Ist preferred 77% Preferred.... d
Sid preferred 46i^|Am Cotton Oil pt(L 64 :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1897.
Missouri Pacific. WU 8eef.......,,. «»J*
Mobile* Ohio 20**! Ann Arbor ..f< 8V»
Nashville & Cniut. «7Vi Preferred......... i 4
National Linseed.. 1. .■ i Brooklyn Traction. SI
KJ Central 95»4|Erie 2d prd 5»V%
Norfolk & Westra. llVßlAmencan Spirits.. J3s 8
r Preferred }«i /4 i Preferred......... J*2s/g
closixs ioxM : ' -V V
AU Clnn A 4*. 105 ..Northern racists. ll6 i
Do Clut 84, 61. 88 ' Do2d-.. 66V4
Alabama, class C 81% Do Bds. 88
Alrhison is *"*/*'■ Doconsolßs
Do ads A 108 Or linprovmnt Ist 85
Canada South 2ii«. | Do 6s . 18
Cen lac of ' 9 5 G R fc N Ist*.' 113
Cherokee 4s. 1896.1Ui»V4 ! DoconsoJ 5* ..—
Do 1897 104 ! Or Short Line 117%
I»ol8»8 104 Doconsol 5s 76»/ 4
Do 1899... 104 Pacific 6s of '97.. .
Cries* Ohio 65....110 I'hllaA Heading 4* BIV4
Ch&NPTr Rets 6s 42 VV Do Ist Inconj. ,48Va
D C 8-655. li:»V4 H Grande West lsu 72Vs
Den &KO Ist 1111* st L£lronMtOensj 76V-5
Do «■ 88V»,St L<t » KUen 111%.
Er|.»2d»... 66 ,si Panl C0n5015.. ..132^
l-tW&DenClir Isia 6^!>t Pet Pa Ist* ..117V«
*» H <fc 8A 6s 104 So Carolina 4Vfa«... 106
Do ad 7s. »-6 i Southern X X 05... Bi*Vi
Gen Deb 65... 9584 Do Pac Cal lsts.. lUTVi
H A Tex Cent 65... 109 Term new Xs hO
D0c0ne5.........10a Texas Pao 15t*..... B*3/.
Jnwa Central 1,:,.. 96 lexa»Pac2<n ... 21VI
Kansas l'» Consols .76 Union Pac l«ts 98. 1 CUV*
Pa Ist* Den Dlvl 16y«ili S 4s reg of 1925. 122%
Ij»Coubol4s. an I Do coupon.... 122" «
I Missouri funding...— V 84* reg of 1907. HUM
|M X T Jds_ 69- Do4s. coupon.... 11 A
- 1 D "* 8 841/4 Do2s 9514
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 68 Bobs. r#r ...11*1*
Mutual Union 61. .110 Do 6*. coupon ...USVa
£ J Cent Gen 55... 117 Va funding deot... 62
N 1 C*StLouls4sios Do re c istered
Nor & West Uen 6s 120 Do deterred 6s . . ft
S. Carolina con 4s. 102 Do trust rcpt sipd 6
..Does 123. Wabashlstfcs 107
r»orUiwestCoQsois. 140% West auore Aa.i.,, Aoa ß /i
i^oUot, 6b 112 I •
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKSTOOL. '■ '
LIVERPOOL, too., Feb. 24—The spot market
Is quiet at 6s 6 y a d. Cargoes are easy at 32s 6d,
arrived.
FUTL'BES. *,';•
The Produce Exchange cable elves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Feb-
Jut ry> 6 6 4 * d; M * rCU> 6s 3V » M * y> 6s 6d:
SKCCRITIKS.
LONDON, EM, Feb. 24.— Consols. 112 9-16; sil
ver, 29% d; French Rentes, 102« 47 Vic.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $ 4 868,4
Sier.lnif Exchange, sight — 4 B**Z
Sterling Cables _ 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 26
New Yor< Exchange, telegraphic. — 27V4
Flue silver, per ounce — 64 13-16
Mexican Dollars — 5is 4
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND THER GRAINS.
WHEAT— usual decline in futures hap
pened along on time, but spot values were undis
turbed. Quote.! at 91 2 J@l E2V4 * ell for common
grades, 91 35@1 38*4 V ctl for average No. 1,
91 371/, ft ctl for choice and 91 42y @l 50 ft ctl for
extra choice milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
" Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— iOOO
ctls, «i 33%.
Skconi) >kssiox— May— l2,ooo ctls, 91 32V«*
4000. $. 3^3, 8 : 28.000. 91 3-I*. December-20u",
$1 17V*: 2000, 91 171/4
K Km: la k .Morning iskssion— May— 46,ooo ctls.
f 1 32i /8 . 14,000, tl 32. i ecember-6;GO 51 17.
afternoon Session— December— looo CtlS,
91 Itih*; 4UOO, «l 17; feOUO, 91 173.» Mav
-10,000, 91 32y 8000. $1 Jtty ; 30,000. 91 »2%.
BAItL.-.^— .so mm: new. Jteed, 7^V<(**sOc «
ctl: Brewing 87%@9->V<iC
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
b'KCOXD >kj»shin— May— 2000 ctl«, 74^»c
Kkhilar Morxi.vo fsnion— December— 2ooo
Ctls, 74c: 40i'.J. 73c May— .ooo.73Vic
AKTEKNOOX bEssiON— Jd ay - Otll/O'cils, 73c.
OAI e>— Dealers report more oqulry. Milling,
$1 26@1 40 ?» ctl: Fancy Feed, 91 37i,«j@l 45;
Common White, «I@l 10; good to choice, 91 15fii
1 35, kccordlns .0 quality; Black for feed. 95c(«
»1 05; Jot ed, 91 10©l 25: Gray. 91 15@1 30:
I Red, 91 10@l 20; burpr.se. 91 44<$1 50 ~? ctl.
j CORN— Prices show some change, both up and
j down. Receipt* are falling off and the demand is
better. Large Yellow. 75<jg;77i,c; Small Kound
do, 90@9.V:: White, 75@80c f« ctl.
. RYfc-85®87i/4cf>ctl.
CKWiit Ai— at f 1 16@1 25 ft ctl.
FLOCK AND M 1 I.LSTCFFS.
The China steamer took out t«068 bbls Flour. .
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
94 B:(g,t 95: Bakers' extras, 94 75@4 85: Super
flue » 4 (3,4 36 '+. bbl.
COUNMEAL. ETC- Feed Corn, 917(217 60:
Cracked Corn, $17 5O(«1H ~<fr ton.
MILi.STUFFs— Pilcen In sacks are tis follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
V 100 lbs: Rye Hour. *2 75 t* 100: Rica Flour,
95 75: Cornroeal, 9-@- 26; extra cream do, $.' 75-
Oatmeal, 83 60; Uai Groats, 94; Hominy, 93 10
(&3SO; Buckwheat. Flour, 93 i:6®3 50; Slacked
heat. 93 60; Farina. 94; Whole Wheat Flour
93; Kol ed Oats (bbls). 95 50@5 90: Pearl Barley.
»3 76(54: Split Peas, $3 60; ureen do, 94 25 %t
100 Its.
HAY AN'l> I'KEUSTUFFS.
Receipts or Hay are too large, which keep* the
market.weak.
BRAN— 9I2 60@13 for the best and 911 50@12
9 ton for outside orand*.
MI.-ULINGS-918 50@19 60 for lower grades
and 920@J1 V* ton lor the best.
PtKDsTUKFs — Rolled Btrley, 917 60@18-
Ol cake Meal at the mill, if-'O 111 9 ton- Jobbing
927 50: clipped Oats. 91 30 (n,l 50 » ctl.
HAY — Wheat, |8(g)ll: Wheat and Oat, 97@
10: Oat, 96@9: Baney. *7StB 50: River Barley.
$!>(ib 60; Alfalfa, >t&47 60; compressed. 963
V M); block, 95-0.6; < lover, *(s@B 9 tou.
STRAW— * bale.
BEANS AND S£ED3.
Beans are dull, but prices show considerable
change.
BKANB— Bayos, 91 50© 1 ««5 9 ctl: Smail
Whites. 91 10@l 20 f, ctl; Large Whites, 91 10@
1 20; Fin- s, 91 10@l 20: Reds. 91 10»l 20:
Blackeye, 91 26W»1 35; Red Kidney. 92 25; Limas.
9160<@1.76; Butters, 91 26^1 40; Pea, «1 106*
1 20. W
bEEDS-Brcwn Mustard. 92 60®2 75: Ye low
Mustard. 91 ?6@2 ft ctl: Flax, 91'35ail 40; Ca
nary *eed. 13 /4 raS'.!i4C f< tb: Alfalfa, tiViC; Rape,
2V2 R - 3 /ic; 11.-mp, ac: Timothy, 4%c
UKlKii PKAW-Niles. 91©1 20 V Ctl; Green,
91 40@l 60 t* ctl.
I'OTATOKS, O.MO.YJ, VEGETABLES.
There was very little change yesterday.
POTATOES— New Potatoes. 6c V 1b: sweet Pota
toes, 91@1 75. according to quality : Early Rose. 70
(&Hoc; River Beds. 70®80c; Burbank Seedlings, 65
(ai'hi- 9 ctl for Rivers, 9Octa.Sl 10 for Salinas and
66@HJc for Petalumaa; Oregon isurbanks, 75<a
91 10. ,
ONIONS— 9I 60@l 76 ctl; Cut Onions, 75c@
$1 25; Orogous, 9'2<&l -J5.
VEiiKTA Hl,K!j-Kte plant Is quotable at 15c
@ rt>; Jl ol house Cucumbers. 60c(a)91 25 %'
I doz; Asparagus lifairiVgc ft 11. lor common
and 15(%25c for choice: Rhubarb. 91 60@2 9
box: Los Angeles Summer .-quasi), 91 2."> ft box;
Los Angeles Green Peppers, !<s@soc V box- Mush
room«,6@lic ft lb: Marrowfntbquash. 9t@7 ton;
Los Angeles Tomatoes. 50c@91 26 *< bx; .Mexican
Tomatoes. 91 25; Driel Pepper*. 7@Bc ?t IT.; Oreen
Pea*. 4fa,6c V t>: Los Angeles String Beans,
1U(<5,12i,. a <:: Dried Okra. B@9c ft Q>; Cabb»jte, 4O(»
50c Veil; Carrots, -6@3^c fi sack; Garlic, li i@
2c 'if, &>•
BUTTEK, CHEESE AND EGOS.
Weak, with a downward tendency.
creamery — Fancy creameries, 2Q(S2Ic: sec
onds, 17 V2@lSc ft It).
Daisy— fancy roils. 16016 c: squares, 16@17c
ft lb; gooa to choice, 13®14c; lower grades. 10®
12Vi<". ' r. ■-.
PicKi.ED-13<ai4c ft lb for old and 16c ft lb for
new.
Firkin— i::@l4c ft lb for old and 15c ft lb for
new.
Creamery Tuii— lG@l7c ft lb.
CHEESE— Declines almost daily now. Choice
mi in new is quotable at 9c ft lb: common to
good old, 7V a @BV^c: Cream Cheddar, U@l2c ft Tb;
Younc America, 9@llc V lb; Western. ll@12u;
Kastero. J4(al4y 2 c.
K(JQS— Were off again yesterday. Receipts are
large and dealers are expecting 10 place more or
less of them on coid storage from now on Ranch
>ggs. I2@l^!c; store Kggs, 10@llc ft doz; Duck
Eggs, 14c. . ■ ■
POULTRY ANl> GAME.
POULTRY— The Eastern stork Is going off fairly
at $5 for Fryer*, 94 50(*5 for liens, 9 5 60 for
young Roosters and 94 tor old Roosters.
Home stock Is quiet.
Live Turkeys, 18@1 4 f* ib for Gobblers, 13@1 4c
fi It. for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, li@l6 V !b:
Geese, .fi pair. $1 6001 73; Uosllnss, 92 50® 3;
Ducks, 94 6005 60 for old and 96@7 for yo.inij:
J ; .-us. (3 !.O.'«C4 50: Koosteri, youn«, 95(55 tO:
do, old. 93 :.t(n,i; *'ry»T<, 94 »<>«6: iirollers, 94 60
(«6.'i tor large and f3@4 tor Miiali; flgenns, 9.'@
- 60 V doz for young ana l@l 26 for old.
AMK— There i* hardly any coming in. Kncllsh
Snipe, 92 lU@3 ft doz: Jacic Snipe. V doz:
Hare. $1 : Rabbits, 91 26 for Cottontails and f 1 for
small: Gray Ueese. *'-' 60; White Geese, 91;
Brain, 91 60; Honkers. 93 60@4.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Values show no ant e.
DECIDUOUS KKUITS—
Apples, 90c@$l 26 * box for choice, 91 33©1 50
for fan y, bO&i 6c for common.
MKKHIKS—
i i-as'.ern Cranberries, 96@7 «l bbl.
CI I HUS FRUITS— N'»vet Urances are quotable
at 91 76@2 76 V box: Seed.lngs 76c®»l 26 ** bx;
Lemons, 5 c<sj«l for common and 91 26©1 60 for
good tocliolre; Mexican Llmes,96@6M); California
Limes. 73c£U'.!6: Bananas, 91*2 '& bunch:
I Pineapples, 9iT@4 'fi dor.
DRIKL> FRUITS, tvAI INS. NUTS, KTC,
Dealers are encouraged by the expectation that
a. tariff worthy of the name will be placed on
Prunes, Halslns. Almonds, etc. It would help the
grower out considerably. '
FKUITS— Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows: - , . . .-,.....
Übloau Lots— Apricot* are quotable at 6®oc
for Royals and lliv^l.c tor choice to lanry
MoorparKs: Prnnev "2^i@3c for the 4 sizes;
Peaches, 1 4@5%c for prime to choice. 6%@7c for
fancy and i(*iuc for peeled in boxes: Apuies. 5(3t
6V<jc.for evaporated and :@2%c for sun-irled;
Pears, 2^(jj)6c lor pr.me 10 choice, 4@5%c for
quarters aud 6©ay 2 i- for ha v*s: Plums. 4c for
pitted and 1 Vie for unpltted: Nectarines. 3Vi<9>
* 1 /t c for choice and :>V'oC for fancy : White Figs,
3c; Hack Figs, 2V4@2V2i-. • •
■ Jobbing I-ricks- Peaches, 4^@sVse * Ib:
f«ncy 6Vi@7Vj}Ct4 Ib: peeled, 12V^ * «> Apri
cots, 6 1,3 a 9 f* ft; fane*. 10c: Mooip»ric«. lv@
13c; evMporatcd App es, 6»4c: sun-drieu, 23/^Cal3c;
Prunes. 3V4(*3Vjc forme 4 sires: Figs, black, 3c lor
pressed hi <i b(a3i4c for pressed: white Fit* 4c;
P.ums. 4V2@sc for oitted and 1 Vie for unpitted:
Nectarines. 4@dc B> for prime 10 fancy ; Pears,
2-V*@sc for whole. 4y a @sV^c tor quarters and 4y«
(2,Ui- 2 c for halvei.
Raisin —
Ca ri.ua n Prices — Four-crown, loose. 8 c:
three-crown. 4s/ g c f( Ib: -two-crown. 3S/»c ¥> lb;
scedltss sultanas. 6^c: seedless Mu^caieis, ' 8 c;
three-crown London layers. 91 15: clusters, $1 hO:
Lehesa clusters, 92 bo; Imperial clusters, 93;
dried Grapes, 3c 9 Ib. ~ •. "-■>:
Jobbing 'Prices- San Fbancisco— Four-crown,
loose, 6%c: 3-crov.-n, 4%C; 2-crown. 3>^c; seed
less Mil:»n»s, 534 c; seedless Musca.eia, 4^c;
3 crown London layers, 25; clusters. 91 60;
Dehesa clusters, 9-' 75: Imperial clusters. 93 1:6.
N UTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8@10c; Walnuts
6V2@7c lb for standard and y<S9 v a o %* Ib for
sol. shell; Almonds, t'(a.GVic for Lang>iedoc, S®
3%c for hardshell »nd B(£9c * tb for papers, cli;
Peanuts, 4@i6c 9 It for Eastern and 4c lor Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts .">@6c '# Ib; Pecans. 7Vj(o>
8c * n>: 1-ilberts, 7i/.@Bc: Brazil Nuts, 7Vs'£Hc;
Cocoanuts, $5@5 60 V* jOO.
•HONEY— Comb, 10@12i^cfor bright and s@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted. o@si,,c:
light amber extracted, 4V«i©43ic; dark amber, 4©
4lAc: dartc. 2@3c "S Ib. '
BEESWAX-22©25c * Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon,* 6c V Ib for heavy, 7o
Vtb for light medium. 9y 3 c for light, 10c 9tb for
extra light and 11 Vac ft lb for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cure.l Hams, 12(g>12W:: California
Jlams. 10<ai0lAc; Mess Beef, *7@7 60; extra
mess do, 98<a.S oO: family do. 99 50®10; extra
prime Pork, 9/ 6038; extra clear. Sl6 V bbl:
mess. $14 ft bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c •$ tb.
LARD— i.astern tierces is quoted at sVic for
compound ana Bft»63^c for pure: pails, 7c; Cali
fornia tierces. sc<ss V?c ft Ib tor compound and 6Vic
for pure: half-bbls, 6S/ic; 10-lb tins, 7i/ic; do, 6tb,
7%c lb
COTTOLKNE— in tierces and 7*4®
8y 8 c In 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlN*— culls and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Hoavy salted steers are quot
able at 8c 9 Ib: medium, 7c V Ib: light, 6@6Vac:
Cowhides, 606%=: salted Kip, 8c $ Ib: salted
Calf 7@Bc; bated Veal, 6c; dry Hides. lJ'^.^
13c: culls and brands. 9Vi<tfUoe "& Ib: dry Kip mid
Veal, 9@loc; dry Calf. 15c; cul 10c; Goatiklns,
'.0-r' .<.• fuch: KfOs. sc: Deerskint, good summer,
25c fi tb; medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
sbearilnus, !U(g)2oc each; short wool, 26(&35c
ea:h: medium, 30@45- each; lung wools, 40 @,t>Oc
each.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 3@3i.4c; No. 2,
2 c. refined. sc: Grease. 2c ■# Ib.
WOOL-We Quote: San Joaquln. 4@6c: Eastern
Oregon, 7@lO. «i !b.
Hups— b(gißc for fair to choice and 9@loc 9 tt>
for fane , ■::;. :•
GENERAL M KKHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, sc; June-
July delivery, 6c; San Qneutin, sc; wool Bags,
COAL— Wellington. $8 «i ton: New Wellington,
$8 per ton: soutulield Wellington, -?7 60 ton:
Seattle, 15 50: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay, $4 75
V ion; Wallsend, «6 60 t» ton; Cumberland,
$13 60 V ion In bulk a: <I 916 In sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Kicg. $il@l2 %A ion; Welsh
Anthracite, ifoig.lo: Canuel. (8 V ton: Hoc It
bpriug*, Castle Gate and Plt-asmi Valley $7 60;
Cuke, Sliai'J in bu k and $13 «< ton 111 sks.
SUGAK— The Western Migar Kefining Company
quot.s, terms net cash : cube an Crushed, 6%c:
rowdered, 5 1 /* 1 : Fine Crushed. 6*4 c: Dry Granu
lated, 4^'sc; confectioners' A, 4.'j' a c: Magnolia A,
4 Vic; • xiraC, 4i/ 8 c: Golden C, tc; half barrels
Vie more than barrels and boxes Vi o more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT HAKKI.T.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BKKF— First quality, 6c: second, s@s^sc; Ihiri
do. i y 2 c » tb.
VKAL-Lan,'i', s<a6c: smnll, 6@7c ft Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6(^6Vac; Kv.es, 6%@6c
V- Ib.
LAMB— Spring, 10c * Ib.
PORK— Live nogs, 3y a @3%c t» Ib for large and
ss + (a.:i" c for small and medium; dressed do, 4 8 / i
@be 9 & _ *
RECEIPTS OF I'KOOI'CE,
. ' FOR 24 ■ HUM
Moor, or nice... 4.94U1 i:<-> . ions ._ 852
Oregon 1b,09b! Straw, ions ' i»
Wbr» ells. 1,845 t-run. an.* 1,170
Oregon. 4. 6V0 Buttwr.-cu»..._ .05
Parley. cU«..._. 7«,b88 Chteie, «U..., — 187
Beans, 5ki....... 1.6;"» : .-.us* aos mm 13.500
Corn, cut — II Met no. .90
Eastern. .-. I.JUO Pelt*. Mil. ..'.„. 253
(Jut*, cils. 105 Win*, eats ...„ . 82,1:00
Potatoes, aic*.._ 1,65: Learner, r0115.... 40
• Oregon 5.99 C Ui&e. bbls _ 100
Onion*. »ics..._ . I <i<4 Lumbar, it fa »•.. 40
Oregon 705 Qcicicsllver. llslcs 84
Mlddlinz*. iti 27. 1 allow, cuv .... 28
Oregon 600,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Catherine Coooey to Michael CooDey, lot on X
II he 01 Grove St., 170 W of Polk, W 30 by N ; 20;
gift.
Lorenzo and Virginia Cervelll to Raffeilo Cer
t-ell I, lot on fcK ci rner of Lombard and Buchanan
slieelK, B 31 .A by H ICO: $10.
P.affaello ami Ida t'ervelil to Lorenzo Cervelli. lot
on 8 line of Lombard St., 31 :3 &of Buchanan, E
20 by a 1U0; $iO.
Michael Brosan to William Nlcol, lot on XW
corner of Beach and Lngunu streets, W 137:6 by
N 137:6; also lot on X line of Beach street, 219
W of Lacuna, W 66. M 137:6. & 137:6, b 71, &W
105: ?H>
K. and Louisa Rochat to Hazel M. Gross, lot on
X line of (ireen street, 137:6 W of bCOtt. W 27:6
by N 147:6: *10.
Emily S. Newell to Mary J. Goodwin, lot on W
line of Belvedere street, 183:9 bof Walter, b25
by W 1*0; »10.
J. A. hyan (by William Kreling, tax collector)
to William Nkol, lot on W line oi De llaro street,
275 Bof Yolo, t> 25 by W 10 J; tax deed: $2.
K. I), and Annie K. Laldlaw to F. Tlllman Jr., lot
00 W line of Twentj -eighth avenue, 270 X of X
• met. >' 2a by W 1^0: $10.
Feilx Cohti to Jf. Tlltman Jr., same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
"Annie iiauchton (Canlfleld) to Catherine Caul
fleld, lot on N line of Stanley street. 75 W of Arch,
X 76 by N 100, being lots 1. 2 and 3, block 26, City
Land Association; «10. -
1 Kdgar ttrnus* to Jennie K. Strauss, lot on SK
corner of Eighteenth mid Stanyan streets, E
108:8, 25, \v 106:7, N 25:1: »10.
AI.AU KltA COUNTY.
■ William <'. Jurgens to Charles J urgens. lot on E
Hue of Adeline street, sirce widened, 245 N of
West Eighth, E 127 by N J'2U, Oakland; 910.
I Hinma and Charles Kreutzfeidt to Autielo and
Teresa La^oria. lot on line of Center street, 110
8 ol West Fourteenth, s 25, fc. 168 «3, M 25, AY
1C8. 82 to beginning, Delng lot 7, block 579. base
ball grounds, Fourteenth and Center streets, (Oak
land: $650.
Bruiio E. Dressier to It aggie Diessler, lot on \V
line of Twfnty-ilis. avenue, 1 15 Nof East Twenty
third street, N 60 by W 127:6. being lots 27 aim
28, block 76,' map of lots in Brooklyn, j-.nst Oak-
Una: $10.
Benjamin F. Reid to Addle E. Fousier, lot on X
line ot Allston way, 100 W of San l'ab.o avenue,
thence alone N line of Allstoii way 90, tbence N
100, X 90, s 100 to beginning, being lots 24 »ad
20. ulock 101, Allston "I'm t, Berkeley; $10.
Helen M. de Lanza to James I* Barker, lot, on X
line of Francisco street, 60 W of Grant, W 60, X
135:4>£, E 12t), S 30. U 60, a 105:4Va to begin
ning, brine portion of lot 10, block 2, citate Uni
v. rslty Homestead Association No. 4, Berkeley;
$10.
Kdward P. and Rowena Heald to Anna J. Lee,
lot on NX line of Last Twenty-second street,
148.84 KW of Twenty-third avenue, XW 2e,NK
143:31, SI:; 28, B\V 147 to be«luning, oeinglot 17
and a port lou of lot 19, block B, Heald *lw»nty
th r.i-avenue Tract, subject to a mortgage tor
$1-00, Brooklyn Township: $10.
F. J. Mar. in to Helen F. Martin, lot 13, block B,
Buenaventura Tract, map 2, Brooklyn Township;
gift. :
A. J. Hahn to Bertha Halm, lots 23 and 24,
block 1). Filch 'tract, Alameda; gilt.
i hebe C. Haley to Annie M. K.Uon, lot on XW
corner .-<« in Antouio avenue and Morion street, W
160 by N 100, block 2, same, Alameda: gift.
Frederick and Anna C. Bammann to Robert
Dittrich, lot on E line of Puru street, 66:8 b of
Buena Vista avenue, 8 33:4 by E 100, Alameda;
$10. - '
11. W. and Frledelena H. Oltmann to William J.
Poole, lot on 8 line of Thirty-fifth . or Walton
street, 232:8Va E of .San Pablo avenue, E 60 by s
159:9, .W 50, N 139:8 to beginning, being lot 25,
Cotter Tract, Oakland; $6.
Anna c. . Dim ham to B. F. Dunham, lot on sw
corner of uurant street aud Alice avenue, b 100
by W 150. Oakland; gift.
K. H. and Anna I*. Lenox to C. O. Parkhurst, lot
on SW line of East Twemy-second street, 200 !>E
of Twenty-first avenue, sE 76 by s,W 140, being
lots 9. 10 and 11, block 67. Northern Addition to
Brooklyn, Last Oakland, subject to a mortgage for
$500: $10.
J. C and Mary E. McMullen to Annie Cagnacci,
lot on b line of kastTwentv-cinth .street, 379 E
of Twenty-third avenue, .W 30,. SW 150, bE 30,
X ISO to beginning. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles BaDu to H. A. Jones, lot* lij aud 17,
block 9, Herzog True:, Oakland 1 o<rn>hlp, quit-
Claim deed-. $5.
William and Amelia M Newman to Harrison A.
Jones, same. Oakland '1 ournship; $10.
Richard and i.ra c K. Mo .tell . to Barry L.
Swale, lot on NW corner of bhattuck avenue and
Pi luce street, W 100. N 106, B 106.1 8, S 105.18 to
beginning, being lots 19 and iO, block I, Amended
Map -Newbury Tract, Berkeley; $100.
Tiie McLnrthy Comp ny (a corporation) to
Charles K. W. We z, lots 31 and 32 in subdivision
G, Fruit vale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. • -
11 B. stone to Frederick Oho, lot 0, block E,
Da y Tract. Brooklyn Township: $.0.
..Builders'. Contracts. .'
A. Aronson with F. V. Steinman. carpenter and
mill work and hardware. for a Mve-»tory brick
building on N line of V>eary street. 165 W of Pow
ell, $9600; C. R. Wilson, architect.- ■ .
a. Aronson with McPbee Company, plain and
ornamental sand stone work, same, a 3700; same
architect
: A. Aronson with John I". Rilejr, brick work on
same, $7500; same architect. ■«■ • , ■ • ■: „. .
Mrs. M. J. Uoo4wLu with Daniel Einstein to erect
a lwr»-story building on \V line of Belvedere, 183:9
Sof Wal.er; fiOSU; Daniel Kin,tein, architect
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was another slight decline In mining
shares yesterday.
The joint Confidence, challenge and Imperial
west crosscut 1 from the surface tunnel is out 971
feet, having been advanced 13 f«et tor the ween;
the face shows porphyry. They encountered dur
ing the week an additional now of water in this
rrOM-cut, which has considerably retarded
progress. Tae lace is now In ilocky porphyry.
somewhat sorter than it has b-en. and the indica
tion ; are that they are not tar from a ledge of some
kind.
The yield of the Confidence mine for the past
week was eight mining carloa is of ore, the aver
tg« top mr sample of which shows an assay value
or $-23 32 per ion. --■ r. j .-./
'1 here wan no chance In the ore seams which
they are fo. lowing from the north drift on to* 9 0
leve of the Overman nun*- during the past week.
The seams Hie small but the ore is of fair grade.
On die 1100 level of the Caledonia mine they
have extended the soutnwest drift 10 feet; to al
length past east crosscut 1 97 feet. The forma
tion Is vein porphyry with seams of quartz and
clay. ■
Ihe Homestead Mining Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 25 ce.ns per share to-day.
BOAKI> SAXES. ' .
Followinc were the ial«» In the San Francisco
f-tock Board yesterday:
BK6UUB MORN) NO SESSION, rOVKICVCIKB 9:30
--1300 A11a.....05.VJJ BAB ..... 61,100 Mexican ..3s
100 Andes IS 2 0 Cliall«e...3Bv:ooOprilr 83
200 Belcher.. .--I 100 * hotr 91 100 5tdrd...1.70
-00 '-'2 300 CCAV...2.OC Uni0n. ...86
• !•>■, irrKESoos HESSION —-' :30.
550 BAB s*loo Choir. ....SO 300 Ophlr 77
400 CC&V...1.8S 10 Fotoii 39 <00 Uni0n. ...86
400 1.&0IJOO .......... 4t|400 i JMMur.B7
Following wen the mud* in the Paclflo Stock
I obi a yesterday:
BIBriAB RFSSIOJJ— IO:3O.
300 Ainha Oei 60 CC*V2.O7^]2SU 0ph1r. ..~.80
800 Alta 06650 2.02W200 77
200 Andes. .l2^B6o 2.Goit>oo 7»
401) 8e1ch*r....22;500 1.95100 ...... . ..7M
100 UAH. 60 400 1.92% 300Poto«l 41
6 CO ..." 67 1500 I.9USOO*. .....38
20u «nlllou._.ll :< iI i J'oini 2. »00 ravage.... 89
200Ca1eda....12i500 Exchr..^.O3 400 38
200 -..I] 300 v tu....»i'w » ii iii...05
800 j< 150 11*>....1.u5;!u hNrv 33
200 Uhlliice...4()4'.)o Justice. ..o .60 Stanrd..l.7O
200 3" 25U0 L Waah..ol lOJ Union 36
600 Cb01Ur....90 200 Alex 36i100 .34
300 _ hfiJUO 34 400 33
51) Conn 510 Occd 07 SJJ U^a.....ut!
lHOOt; 1mp. ..01 Ovrmn....ofc 10J V JCJU...2Q
BOOConN V...01'
AJTTKRNOON SESSION— 2:3O.
6on Alpha ...10 C1»01r.....h8|500 0ec!dt1....07
200 Alia 04 400 500 0vrmn....09
40 i Andes. 12. 5J 91200 Polos! 39
200 -I* 450CC&V...1.90 200 42
300 121- 100 1.95 30) bava«e....37
20j helcner.. ;00 1.92^500 38
300 il<fcß 571 50 Conn 90 600 — .36
600 66 3000 C Imp . .011-50 a Ker. 32
200 60350 O«tC 88 200 b6
300 8u11i0n.... 11 .00 ii&N 1.(>21.' 2 100 tsturd... 1.70
41 0 caleUa....li. sOO I.OIiUOJ Uni0n.... .33
200 1.130J Mexican..36 .36
260 Cha11g0...38 200 .......34 V Jc».....2.%
200 40 300 Opulr 77 500 27
200 CrwnPt..2l 761100 28
700 22800 801
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNKbiJAY, Feb. 24 - 4 p. v.
jtd.Att.nl. A<'c-i.
ATMiaOM.-... 05 07JB1I* „ 05 07
Alt*. 0* 05 instlca. — 04
Andes. 12 ]:- Keniuclc....^ 01 1)2
belcher V!^ 23 Mexican 3* 35
B*s: & Beletiar 6 7 (!► »fv»ii»mi«x 14 —
fcentou Cou.. . Ib W North G<£ C. — —
bullion 10 12 occiileu.ai..... 07 08
Caledonia. 09 10 ophlr... 79 80
Chollar 91 9; overman... UK 10
(.on.CalAVa... 190 1.95 1 oto»L 40 41
ChaUenntf Coo. 39 40 ravage. 37 99
con. .Imperial. 01 tv -cur pion. ...... O'J 03
toulideiice.... 90 S2 4eg. Uelcaae... 04 05
LonNewYor* — Ci -liver Hill 01 i 2
Crown Point... 22 23'^ierra .NeraJ* 35 36
KastSlerraNir — t4 standard 1.00 1.71)
Knreka Cvu ._ — 40 syndicate. .... — 13
Kzcheauec ... 03 05' UnlouCua..... 36 36
o^Currr. 38 4loiaa.. Ob t7
i»t.lL*..Nuic». 1.05 l.Uj i eUu%» JaCjC4k 28 29
Jackson — -5!
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 24 -2 P.M.
UNITED STATES BONDS,
y., . « **.*♦<. . . .., Sid. jttkf.-L
V cniiD.ll'.'i, — C 8 45 ««... 10 it 110%
Do new issuel22^l23V^
UISUKLUNKOUS BONDS.
Cal-stCbl<»3«. 112 ■ — Ukki.M 61.. — 104
Cal Klec L 6sl*2tf IS) I>o2d is 65.. 109 110
CutraCWSs 95 t»7V& "mmous «»s..l2]S4laa^
Upm-stex-cp — I*7 1 /4 1" & o Ry6». — ' IJ3
tdsn Lit:'6sl-9V«il80 P&CliKy6.i. — 103
F&CliKKtfa — 107Vs!Pwl-st KR6>ll4 119
arv-at Uss — 103 ;h«oo,WL£L — lo
ii oVj^.IOJ — facto 1' iL. — 100
LOBAnsl,rti — 100 b>"&Nl*Hsi.. lOOVi-01
Don meed 6s — -01 &PKKArlz6i Vl\, 2 94\^
MKt-stCb!e6sl22T/ 8 _ aplllicnloi. 109 112
DoKyC'on 6*. lOti-Va — »l'RKialss. — 100 ■
NatVlnßs Ist — 100 >PBrRCaI6s. 98 98V 2
NevCNgß.7s.loS 106 SV Water 6*. 1-0 1201/j,
X KyCal Us. IOOV4 - >>VWaier4s. 100%1U1V4
Miyuliu. — 86 StktnliJtKo* — IU'JVj
WATKR STOCK Y
Contra Costa 35 41 iSprng Valley 1 8 f B*4
UarinCo.... 48% ti2 |
■ • •AS AND KLKCTBtO 8 TOCK*
Capital. — 25 (Paclflc Ll*ht 49 50
Central 98»^ - SFG&KIec. 68 98*4
U Kino Light ?i 2 9 San Frincico 2 'j.B/ a
Oalt O L& H 53-t4 64% stock lou — 20
Pao (..as Imp 9- ■ L-- '■ •_.
INSCRAN. « UTOCKI.
Flremnn'sFd 177V3 — |. J .
«IH»»»v:iAl BAXIC BTOOK*.
Anglo-Ca1.... 51 — [First Natlonl 181 187Va
Bank of Cal.. — 241 |LondonP<&A.l37y a —
CalbD&TCo — Merchlix.... 1J —
■HIM BANK STOCK i.
Oer9*W>.. — 1500 SUV* Loan.. _ 105
Ilnmbs.i-L.IIOJ _ Security 341 — '
Mutual 3.1 — liujt.B:'} 900
bfc'&av Union — 476 !
STREET BAH.ROAD STOCKS.
California.... 10? — oak mi.*H»/ — 100
Qeair-st 28J£ — Presidio «5, _
M>rrn<t ' 438/« <4V4i
. ><!*'»•• 6TOCKI. .
Aimntlen... 16 17 iGlant Coa.... 3214 —
California.... 9J'bllu jVljjorlu — 000
KuiitmO.... 75 85 I - ,•.. .
MIVrLUSIOni (rpoCICI.
Alaska ritM. 1081 a lO4 NatVlnCo.. _ j»i^
Lead Co. »v 100 iceanlcSSCo 24 25
HawC&MCa. 157/h 16i^fPacAux FA — 4
Hutch bPCo 2*l/4 -43, M FacßoraxCa — 94
MerKxAssn.. — ilo |l*arf PalntCo — •<
BALKS — MORN I NO SESSION.
Hoard — • .
80 Mariet-st Railway 44 26 '
•J5 bY Water «8 00
85 do do, alO 97 87Va
ttr»>»-- —
7 Alaska racket' Association. 103 75
95 S F Ga« & K.ectrlc Co 97 37Vi
SALES— AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board—
1 Bank of California 239 00
51 Giant Powder Con 32 00
26 do do " 32 l:'iA
160 do ao »2 26
66 Huichlnaon P Co. _ 24 37V>
$1000 Market-st Xv Con t\ Bond* lOt* 75
3 S V Water, cash b7 871^
10 do do 98 00
26 do do s 10. 98 l'.'u
$9000 s V 4%Konds. 101 to
*:0003 V 6* Bonds ' 120 25
$5000 S P Branch Railway Bonds. 98 25
Hrwi —
$2000 Marker-nt Ry Con 6;* Bonds 106 75
100 SF Oas & Electric Co .... 98 00
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
.1 H Bachelor, Denver .1 Vallado, Halfmoonßay
D Ree«, Cal F Braskrnan. Cal
J Armstrong.Centerville H H Williams. Portland
I F Harris, Portland D Tucker, Los Angeles
H Sidney, Los Angeles H X Po:ter Aw, Los 1 Ang
<' 11 Hoobslng, Oregon J W Tully, Kancas City
J W Tnart, Los Aue T M (iastour, Cal
l. Johnson, Oakland G Dledßpr, Bakersfleld
HTbonipson.Bakersfield W Bynuu, Coos Hay
H Burns. Oregon F White, Sacramento
C Kltto, Porland Miss a Madden. Suisun
Mis^ M Mudden, Sulsun J Judge, Benicla
C olsen, Wyo 't Morriss, I 'on land
Miss Dtrigbt, Ingleside J Fowser, Cal
M r Baker, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
TJ. R Dawson, Grass V F Dodge, Kansas City
H Dlckman, Xcv Cliy F A Bor e, Ked Kluff
J B Thompson, M Lake C X llani.itou, Rossland
J McGregor, Victoria L W mh-iihpl, San Jose
X T Biown, Petalunia Dr M F Chalmers, Nl es
W J i-eicuton Aw, « t J J Johnson, Tatsuma
J J Jn.in.ion Jr.'L'ttlsuma M KusOin. Los A ug
T R Johns, N V MA ACkin, Ciicago
Mi>s Macon, Los A tig Misi smith, h s idena
II Block Los Aug A X Mlo , Tuiaie
W || i r-gtown, M V F B Twining, N V
L C Hudson, S; Louis Mrs L A Jones. N J
1> \S' Fox, Gardner A W Watts, Mv h
H Milan, Cnicngo G J Owens, Los Angeles
H Slocam, ios Armeies H P Cadut, Los Angeles
Ij (' stover Aw Kr-eport Mrs R A Brown'.ee.Napa
J W Buckley, Walla W A Comick, Kun-kn
G D MiC'loud, Spokane E W Eckhardt.Woodlnd
J W Dooy, sau .lose C H Hammond, Cat
A M Stevens »n,Vacavl G A Le<s, Xcv Ci.y
Mrs W J Thinhi, Frf sno D X s> oddard, Merced
BUM M'K'aubbai-d.S Jse Miss E M Slmson, s Jose
Mrs I. II Gray, Seattle C M L Howard, V V
G C Kosendaie. I'ac Grve L i number. am.< »l
\V P Thomas, Ukiah V G Wilson, L'k I ih
J Desros n. Is c.on E F Fra/.er. Sacto
.I M sirrinlug. Sta Rosa is Fethustoo, Willows
E M bwasey. Redding \V ('• Barr. Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
P Comeltson, Chicago a U Smith Wilmington
J E south, Wilmington J Broockman, N V
X a Davis Aw. Marys vl B King*b»cker Los Ang
Mrs J ~under!and,L Ang Mrs FSllberman. 11l
C H Hhlxoik. iMti Rafael J A Tamtoe, Hartford
v a Peltier, M*v Mrs F >■ Mb Sacramento
Mrs Li A Pei:ier. Nev L Chamberlain Aw, Ohio
H A Hepprey. Portland II P I humus, Berkeley
J P soma, N V R Rice, i.an ord
Mrs Norturop. NY E A Farwel!, Providence
Mis* Johnst»-ne, N V Mrs W H Osnorn, NT V
I" Chrlsnaner. N V J Hobson, Wash
Miss M Lay, Buffalo F H Buck, Vacaville
«. X Gilbert, Buue A F Wainwright, Cal
J W Day A w, Mass Mrs L B Carter. Marysvl
X H Townlng, 1 roy C O Hovrer. Oleve nnd
X U Perclval, London MriC Hovrer, Cleveland
II Jackson, London R M Harter. Mansfield
rt Chrisile. NY G W Midaleton. Japan
M R WTfrt', X V Mrs F Jenniitan, China
Mrs W Hixon <fc <-, China \V H Christie, Emery vl
Mrs Newton & c, Cal T H Craig, N V
J E Gonnoti, Chicago J :. Da ineheller. spokan
Mrs J X corman, Chicago Mr* Daa n< lielh r.spokan
X F Crocheion. N V J Garber, Berkeley
Mrs X A -seil. Berkeley Mrs J Garber. Berkeley
T P Spiers. Han Jo.«» V D Blnck, Salinas
W J McMurray. NY SM Levy, Milwaukee
H G Bond, cal Mrs S M l-evy, Milwkee
W P Walsh, N V
RUSS HOUSE.
J D Wadsworth & son, - P Friedman, Santa Rosa
Santa Rosa ' G S Giim re. Sac.o
Mrt X \\ ood. Occidental F Hos.s, Ocrideutal
S Baiey. Santa Rosa J A Gill, JLoi Angeles
Dr M V Stone, 0 b -S Capt H Long, Los Ang
P McGi nls, 1-resno B L LO--.ee, Vai-aville
i) M Maiites, Vacavi Ie M B McCublin. Vacavllle
J W Waiboy, S,a Ros*. H H:is, Sunol
11 B Brokaw <fe w. Wash X McAfee <k w, Stockton
J M Woods. Kundsburg '•' Brown, Wls
W Gurnt-r * \v, Cal T J «>' Doyle, Mont
C 1 oehrv, NY J J l?r>-an, Via. a
W Plitn. Viana Mrs B M Jones, cal
B «-ali"w»y, cal S H Jlo brook. Petaluma
a Kridle, Ohio P F Frank, Ohio
Mrs X Frank, Ohio J W Th-uv & w, Ohio
S G Little. J'ixon s B Goodon. Gonzaies
J I u tii n i 4 son, Gonsales H A Boeke. r ioot;en, N M
Mrs s Johnston, Dublia Mrs >tarr, Dublin
Mrs J KUhler, Ohio Miss M Adams, Ohio
Miss C Kaber, < hio Mrs Llewf.lin, Ohio
Mrs Hudson, Ohio Mil Cusminger, Ohio
J Ludders, Mill Valley si Ludueri, Mill Valley
J h >:hlfy &w, Oregon O H Hoag, Santa Hosa
T EldriJge, San Jose R Hermann, San Jose
R M Meniman. Cal Mrs M Walsh, Cal
M H Bellinger, Los Ang A H Akers, Cincinnati
R J Uamar, Grams Paas
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J W Goetz, France J Cozzens «fe w, San Jose
F Crowley, Mills Valley F s Adams, N V
J R I'onway, < al TS Milton Jr, Sausalito
M Canavau. San Kafael J f Weller, San Mateo
O X Impel, NY C Kemper. N V
H C Clark, NY 8 Bloom, Chicago
U P BKidwin, Chicago W R Clark «fe w, Chicago
W A Davis. NY R J R Aden, Vallejo
Mrs J R Hall. Oakland O Ngliavacca, <ft w, Napa
8 Henry, Stockton W H Young. Santo Uosa
J W Dickey* w.Chicago T G Goodwin, >-an Jose
J B Blake, S L Obispo E A Marsh, Mich
THIS CALL CALENDAB.
Fkbbuary, 1897.
Mo.
1
Tu.
W.
s
Fr.
Sa. Moon's Phases
m 4TA New Moon.
«9 Feb. 1.
13 A-^Flrs: Quartet
. \JJ ; Fab, 9.
20 : —
(Z>. Full Moon.
— s_£ ! L 17.
/f^Last Quarter.
1^ Feb. 23.
a
4
11
15
116
17
i 23
24
OCEAN STEAMERS,
Dates of Departure From San Franciaco.
STKAMKR |O STI NATION. |
rails.
| PIER.
Santa Hosa. |
U mall Ila .. ;
Orizaba
Corona
Stale or Cal. i
Coos 8ay.. . . j
Arc»ia I
Czarina.....
ACapuico... j
Mexico !
t'omona
Queen
h.ureica I
Atarneda.... j
Columbia .. :
China I
iarallon.... {
| "»n lumca | Keo 26. 1 lam I
j Vie * Pgt and F*d '26. 9am
Mexico Feh •25.10 am ,
Hamboldtß.it IFeo 26. Urn
I For ii ana Feo 27.1Uam;
Newport i-eb 27. Vau
i<:oosB«y Feb 27. 4pm
| Coos liar Mch 1.12 ii
| Panama Mch 1,12 v <
! s»n Dle-r0..... Mrh I.llah
JHumboldtßav Mch 1, 2pm!
Vic<£ ret and Mch 2. Sam
Newport IMrh 3. Vau
'Sydney I Met) 4, 2pm
Portland Mch 41U4M
China & Japan ; Men 4, lpu!
\illj.l l.a. . Men 5. B am
I Pier 11
I Pier 9
, Pier 11
! Plat) '
I Pier 24
Pier 11
1 I'ier Ii
Pier 8
1 ■ M a 8
Pi 'f 11
Pier 9
Pier 9
t'lnr 11
Pier 7
| Pier 24
P M 88
I fit i
STEAMtRS TO AKKIVK.
Stkambr I
Coos bay I
City Puebla |
Arcata j
Wellington... . !
*an Mateo :
Empire
Truckes
Mexico |
Czarina
Corona !
Cleone j
Kureka. i
Geo W. Klder..
Washtenaw .... ;
Amarapoora....
Banta Kosa
Walla Walla... I
Crescent City... >
>'arallon  !
San Bias :
I >ewDort. .Ken 25
I Victoria <& Facet Sound . .Feb 2«
Coos Bay Keb 26
Departure Bay Feb 26
C0m0x...: Feb 2«
Coos Bay ..*>r> 27
| ray s Harbor.. Feb *7
-an Uii-BO FeD '27
Coos Bay Fob 18
Hum bold:. Bay. Feb -8
Crescent City Feb 28
'Newport. Men l
. i'ortland Men 1
Tacoma.. inch '£
Ocos I Men 8
San Dlezo _ Men 8
! Victoria <»■ Pucet Bound .'.Men' 3
'Crescent City : MchJ 3
1 Vaautna Ba/ Men S
Panama...^ I. Mfh 4
s^J^, MOON AM> TID...
Ckitkd States Coast and G*ot>»tic Stjbv-bt
TtJtKl* AND HKISHTS OF HlflH AND LOW
Watkrs .at ioaT Point, Exiravci to 1
fcAN Fbaxcisco Bay. Published by Offi- '
cial AtTTHOKITV OF THKTSHP*:RIJ.-TKi*DKJIT.
Notk— The high «nd low waters occur at the
City Front (Mlsstoo-slrest Wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is th* sam» a" both plarp^.
February — lSi>7.
Thursda -. Feb vary 26.
Sunrises «471M00n rises 2.45 am
Sa i sets 6.00 i Moon sets.
I 555 Feet Il^f Feet 1 liH Feet i' I^f ! Feet
g'H Wi ILW| H w! |L \v|
26|57T«1 4.01 rl.it> i
LW B W
26 0.38 2.8 640
27 1.47 3.0 748
28 2.47; 2.8 8.48
1 X.SO 2.4 9.4.'
2 4. -ft 2.1) 10. 34
8 5.10 1.8 11.19
— 0.4 kTT, a.7| I
LVI H W
4.6 2.02 '—0.6 9.18!
5.0 8.05 -0.6 10.16
5.1 3.4 X —0.5 10. SI
6.1 424 -0.2 hi.Bo
5.0 P.HI 0.1 11.48
I 4.7 U44 0.5
3.8
4.1
4 6
4.5
4.6
'I
I
Notk— In the above exposition of the tides tho
••rly morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in lha
order of occurrence ai to time. The second ttma
column given the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column give* the last tide of the day, excopt
when there are bat three tides, as sometlmci
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to ths
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ths
height, and then the number given is subtractivs
from the depth given by the charts.
PTOTItIi TO MAKIJiERS.
; A branch of the United Stated Hvdrographla
! Office located In the Merchant*' Kxehane* in
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to Ylslt the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hand lor com
parison and reference, and the. latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters or interest to ocuau
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from th«
United States Naval Observatory a-. Mare Island
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any. Is
published the same day oy the afternoon paper*
•ad by the morning papers the follow-In* dar.
W. s. Hush rb.
Lieutenant. U. S. X.. In charge.
Th« Time Ball.
Branch Hydroqraphic Offick, U. S. N.">
Merctasis'Exckasge • 5- i
San Cisco. February 524. 1897. ) ' i
The time bail on Te.egraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— L c.. at noon of the l'.'Otu
medldlan. or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
W. s. Hughes,
Lieutenant U. s. N., in chixree.
SHIPPING I.wKLUGKNOIi.
Arrived.
"VVIiDNKSDAY, February 24.
,. Stm oiX ott ! Mlller M hours '">"> Crescent
City ; 210 SI it lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Stmr Corona. Doran. 18 hours from Eureka:
pass ana mdse. to Goodall. Perkins dc Co.
Btmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 12 hours from
Point Aretii; wooj. to L is White Lumber Co.
S ! lmr , A i !tßn ' ' HRrt »wick. 28 hours iron) Carpea
leria; 1185 bb!s asabulium, to Alcairaz Asphalt
Bark Frpsno, Underwood, « days from Port Gam
ble; lumber, to Pope & Talboc.
Cleared.
WEDNESDAY. February 24.
StmrUmatllla, Hun er, Victoria and Port Town
send; Ooodall, Perkins & Co.
stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all. Perkins & Co. "...
Bark Guy C Coh, Wallett, New York; John
Ro<eniel 1 i -ons.
Brlie Percy Kdwxrds, Petersen, I.evuka, F.ijl Is
lands: United Brott.erho-Klof South >ca Islanders.
>-chr Albert Me.er, Marshall, Kaliulul; Ha
wal.an Commercial C»».
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY. February 24.
Stmr Farallon. Roberts, Yaquina Bay. , ■
oiiur.Nrwsbov, irosen, L'.hrl. *
Stmr sooth Coast. Hansen. Eureks.
Stmr Sunol. Dettmers. (.r«vs Harbor.
Mmr Alice Blanchard. Hughes, Portland.
1~@&0&l MANHOOD RESTOBEDSS
t-^S f <^J IB«y ■_,-. _T •■■• ••■■■%••»■* llbv B Vll9UUVltallzer,tb.eprescriD>
IT tV «P **? (St tlon 0I a I molls breach nhyr.iclan, will quickly cure you of all ner-
\VV /c\l \k ~,\\ OU9 or diseases ot the generaUve organs, such as tost Manhood.
k&l V* «^J I" 30 ™' I^, l nsin toe Buck, Seminal fimisEions, Nervous DebilUv
\^^L T *■»' P:mpes, tafllness i to Marry, Exhaustlns- Drains. Varicoc^le and
NT r V. "/ Constipation. It stops a Mosses by day or night Prevents anirk.
->n-/ . ness of discharge, winch if not checked leads to Spermatorrhma and
BEFOR£ «nd AFTER »J>tlJehorrorsoflmpotency. €CPlDE»E cleanses tb.eUver.tM
Dtru " t MDBr '>" -kidneys and thoirrlnary organs of all impurities. I . H "
1 CUPI»>ESE Rtrengtbens and restores small weak organs.
_- ' The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per c*">t are troubled wit*
Prontallfl*. CD PI DENE is the only kno»»n remed/ to cure without un operation MOOtestfmcnJ.
als. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a ucrmanpntcn^-A
1.00 box. six f..r «->.(», by mall. Send for frie circular and testimonials. v^uianeni cL.a
Addie*4 DAV'Oi. M.iil>lCl>'li CO.. 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal Forsalebr
: ijHOOKb' PHAKMiCY, 119 I'oweU sire* '
'-■■■' . . ■■ ■ ' ' -
ecnr Etta B. Bourne. fort Kos*.
Schr Rellunce. Wiison. Point Arena.
Scbr Azalna Fardelim. New Whaicm. .
Kclir Glendaie, Johnson Purret ■ oana.
Schr Albe.i Meyer. MarstiHll, KahuluL
> . ; • Telegraphic.
>" rnt.vT 'OBO**. Feb. 24. -tJ P. m.— Weattiw
hazy; weather calm. ■ "V
- • ' Charters. " r ,
The baric Annie Johnson loads mdse for HllOf
brig Consuuio, mdse, for Mahukona; bktu Tain
o' Shanter, coal for Santa Bosnia.
Dome *tic Ports.
, IVERSENS LANDlNG— Arrived Fob 23— Schr
Arthur I. hence Feb I*s. •
PORT lo* ANGELE3— SaiIed Feb 24— -tmr
Mineo a. for Comoi. ■
i-a> p DlEGO— Arrived F«>b 24— stmr National
I City, from Eureka: stmr Caspar, from Kc<lon.lo.
Sailed Feb 24— H a M stmr C'omtii.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 24— cenr Gem, hence
Feb 10.
*OkT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Albion,
from Coqu lie River.
MKNIJOCINO-sailed Feb 24— stmr Pt Arena,
for f*a ■ Francisco. ■ ■ •
POINT ARENA— Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Wnltes
boro, lor san Francisco.
ABTOBIA— Arriv»u Feb 24— Stmr Geo \V Elder,
hence Ffb 22.
PORT GAMBLE- Arrived Feb 24-Bkm Skagit,
from San Pedro.
sallril Feb I.4— Blctn Klikltat for Honolulu;
schr Reporter, for fan Pedro
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb Stmr Empire, hnc
Feb 21.
PORT HACLOCK-Arrivßd Feb 24-^chr Ma
weema, hence Feb 9; bktn J M Griffith, from
Honolulu. - -
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Feb 24— Stmr Graen
wood, for San Francisco.
Foreign Port«.
DEPARTURE BAY— To sail Feb 21-Barlc
Highland Light, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— ArrIveJ Feb 21— Br stmr Gaelic,
hence Feb 2. . ': . .
HARTLEPOOL— Arrived Feb 18— Br ship Dur
ham, hence Sept 2.
ACAPULCO— BaIIed Feb 23— Stmr San Bias, for
San Francisco.
FREEMANTLE- Arrived Feb 23— Baric Hes
per, from Port Blakeley.
DUNKlßK— Arrived Feb 22— Br ship Jord»
hill, hence Sept 27.
HONGKONG— Arrived Feb 23— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
ST VlNCENT— Arrived Feb 11— Br stmr Pro.
gr*sstat, hence Dec 5.
DU KB AN— Arrived Feb 20— Nor bark Elide, fa
Tacoma.
PANAMA— Arrived F»b 11— Stmr City of
Panama, from Champerico. Feb 14— Stmr City
of Sydney, hence Jan 19.
sailed Feb 9— Stmr San Bias, for San Francisco.
QUEKNSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 22— Br ship Ellis
land. for Hull: Brshtp Andrala, for Hamburg!
Br bark Gulf Stream, fur Dublin. ' ■ V
Movements of Train- Atlantic Steamers. B^.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Spaarn/
dam, from Rotterdam: stmr Ems, from Genoa;
stmr Patria, from Marseilles.
Sailed Feb 24— mr 85 Paul, for Southampton
• imr Adriatic, from Liverpool; stmr Sioerlan, for
SOUTHAMPTON— out Feb 24-Stmrs
Havel and St Louis.
Sailed Feb 24— stmr Aller, for New York.
GKNOA— Arrived out Feb 24— Stmr Columbia.
BRKMKN— Arrived out Feb 24— Stmr W. imar.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Feb 24-btmr Werkeu
dam, for New York.
LlZAßD— Paused Feb 24— 3tmr Schiedam, from
New York, for Amsterdam.
Importations.
EUREKA— Per Corona— 4 bxs fish, 2cs Clears, 1
bid organ, 4 pkgs mdse. 30 bxs butter, 1 horse, 3
pkes paper 94 M it lumber. 1007 M shingles, 2
bxs plant-*, 2 bbls mineral water, 1 ox hardware. 2
pkKsury goods, 1 crimper, 6 pkgs express, 3 ska
coin.
E R and X R R— 34 bxs fish, 2 keg 41 bxs butter
55 sks potatoes, 93 bxs apples. 1 cs rubber roods*
1 crt bieyc.e, '£ bdls hides, 2 bbls elder, 1 pkg«
mdse.
Consignees.
Per Corona— A Paladlm: Brigham, Hoppe & Co:
American Union Fish Co: Adelsdorfer & Co; A W
Mock; AConnlck: Dodge. Sweeney & Co: Bones
tell & Co: Dunham, Carrtgan & Co: Ellis Bros: J
R Hamfy; Huiuboldt Mineral Water Co: McKay
& co; Enterprise Brewery; Wellman. Peck <c co;
Hiberhla Brewery: Russ. Sanders «fc Co; United
States Brewery; Amer Carb Acid Lias Co; Bto 1 A
Van Bergen; J R Manlfy: Standard Oil Co; Carl
Martin: FBHalght; JIS lngu^Ua: N<>ustadter
Bros: Hilmer, Bredhoff <fe Schulz ; UetifirosAOo;
Dairymen's Union ; C E Whitney A (Jo : B Caito; -V
Taran iiio; John McLaren: B Caito: S M Ht-c-r
--niin-. Russ, Sanders <& Co; G Camilloni<& Co; JH
Kesslne; Wells, Fargo & Co: Arctic < 11 Works: J
V Rued & Co: OK Smith & Co: Ross<& Hewlett;
Wltzel <S Baker; . Wheaton, Breon <& Co; Kuss >fc
vine; McDonough <fc Hunyon. cod 1. ear Ruo
berCo: Walton rtro-t: Wolf Son: John Butler.
OCEAN TRAVEL. .
PMHllimilil S. fa. AUSTRALIA for
■ Hir HONOLULU onl y.
[•t*""""" Tuesday, M rc'i 23,
y "^^_^^ ai 'i p. m. Special pany
SfMnsflinJ ***** M - ALAMKD V
011*011131111/^ calls via HONOLULU
/KmR/iniL. and AUCKLAND lor
VyiipUlWp SYDNEY. Thursday.
, M arch 4, at 2 p. M.
Line to COOIiG ABDIE, Aust.,and CAPKTO VVX
..Boutii Africa, f. . <„>-„•<;.
. . J. 1). SPRECKELS « BROS. CO., "Ascent* ; .«
114 Montgomery stress. k
Freight Office, 327. Market si., San i-'ranctaco. J\
THE O. R. & N. CO. '
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. it*
TTi A First-class V Including
•J? AiiJCitso Second-class /berth men's
• SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California... Feb. 27, Mar. 9, 19, 29
Columbia Mar. 4, 14, .4
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern polnu. Rates ana folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS <& CO., Superintendent
PACIFIC COASLJTEAISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BKOADWAT^j*.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: * > yfTT
For Mary Island, Loring, '.Vrangel. Juneaa. Kll-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. M., Feb. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New atcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. it.
Feb. 4. 10, 15, 20, 25, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
X., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. l'.y., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For ICureka, Arcala and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold Bar), sir. Pomona 2 p. v., Feb. 1, 6,9, 13,
17, 21. 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cms. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayuco%
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, it I a. it
Feb. 3. 7, 11, 15. 19. 23, 27, and every fourta
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at . Port Harrorl
(San Luis Oblspo), *auta Barbara, Port Los An-
peles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 6. 9,13, 17,21,25, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Eusenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan. L*
Pax and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a.m. 25th of each month.
1 he Company reserves the right to change wit
out previous notice steamer*, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
- 10 Market St., San Francisco.
COMPAGiUE GENERAL TRAJSATLAIIH.L'J
French Line to Havre.
/-^OMPAN V'S PIE R(NEW),42 NORTH >MB
\J River, foot of Morton su Travelers by -*tC»S2
this line avoid both transit by English railway an^
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small i >
boat, New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, 1
first class *ItJO. second class $116. 1 I
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, B:3oa.ub '
LA UABCOUNK March o. ■' 6a. »c
LA BKETAGNF. March 18. Ba. if .
LA NORMAN'DIE Mar.'h LO, 6 a. *.
jpar For iurther particulars apply to
' A. FORGET, Agent.
No. S. Bowling Green. New York.'
J. F. FUGAZt & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
avenuo, San Francisco. , . ■
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St..
At 6 F. SI. Daily. *relght received -up
to .»:3i> P. M.
S3T Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
■l lie only line suilin« through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all points on Valley
Hallroavl. .
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Uarratt. City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 80S. (ai. Nay. aud Imp- O«
FOR VALLEJO "AID C. S. -lATMABOL
STKAMKK "MONTI CELLO."
Daily ex. Saturday <t Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4p x,
Saturdays »10:30 a. m., 4 r. «,
Sundays Slr.id
Landing Mlssion-stree-, Dock. Pier
Telephone Black 'HI.
•Trip elv»R 6 hour* <-.oii a:, Navy-Yard. c-."- - ,
FOR JOSE, LOS GATOS& BAITACRBJ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MOX.
uny. Wednesday, t rid ay, at 10 a. m. Alviso
■J uesrtav. Thursday, smuruay. at 3e. M. Frelcm
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco aud
Alviso, 50c; to San Jose, 75a Clay su, ft,, jl
KUW^^aataCUntU^aaJoM. T *"POLITICS ASSUME
A LIVELY AIR
Unscrupulous Efforts to De
feat the Republican
Ncminee.
A. C. H?nry's Position Ii One
of the Mysteries of the
Campaign.
Colonel John P. Irish and the Chris
tiaa Endeavorers Take
a Hand
Oakland (Jfftce San Francisco Call,}
908 Broadway, Feb. 24. f
A week ago politics in Oakland looked
very dull, and the future was very hungry
for those who n gard a municipal cam
paign in the same manner that a tramp
views a square meal. During the pa*t
twenty-four hours this has all changea,
and now the lines are drawn about equally
between party fealty, saloon closing and
anti-saloon closing.
Tue anonymous circular has made its
appearance, the secret story is being gen
eroubly passed around without an author,
;'ie forgotten transaction of years ago has
teen revived, political records long since
One of the Enigmas of Oakland's Municipal Campaign.
annihilated have been re-embodied, and '
all these things require affirmation and
' contradiction, and in consequence the
crowd of politicians for subsistence only
has found employment and the campaign
has assumed a businesslike air.
'In addition to this tbe saloon and anti
saloon element have both unsheathed
their swords and whetted t em, ana each
has declared that nothing will satisfy
them but the utter routof their opponents.
The chief interest centers in the struggle j
for Mayor, and none of tbe candidates i
know where they stand. Tho'e strong on I
one point are weak on another, and be- I
tween the many rocks it is impossible to
tell who will steer safely to victory. Judg
ing from party lines only the plum should
be carried off by Captain Thomas, who, in
addition to being the Republican candi
date, is a very popular O. A. R. man. But
although his chance is superior to any ac
this time everything is being done to un
dermine his political standing and draw
off his lowers, and in this direction
much unscrupulous work is being carried
' out
In this connection there appears one of
the mysteries of the present campaign. It
is the campaign of A. C. Henry. Mr.
Henry was once Mayor of Oakland and
has founded four of its present banks.
Being a rich man he certainly does not
want office for the salary, but he certainly
• does want to be Mayor, and this want has
1 Miurred him on to make a vigorous effort.
lOn Ninth street a vacant store in the
I block owned by him has been lilted up for
\beadqn-.rters.
Mr. Henry's headquarters are a study,
' as much from their appearance as from
<he men who flit in and out. Over the
entrance la a large transparency almost
4 Mr enough to bold a meeting of Mr.
Henry's followers, and inside is a com
lortab'.e stove, around which two or three
men are sitting all day long and a good
. part of the night, a piano that has seen
better days, a little bunting, a few stools
from a neighboring furniture warehouse
and a pitcher of water.
'. In case any one might think th*y had
stumbled across a branch Salvation Army
barracks the transparency is boldly let
tered, "Headquart-rs of A. C. Henry."
His followers are making all kinds of
claims regarding bis strength, but to the
average observer it is very difficult to ste
on what their claims are ba-etl. Colonel
J. P. McElroy whispered this afternoon
that Mr. Henry has some Grand Army
. following, but Major Wood ward contradict
ed this and said that Henry'; strength in
that direction consists of Major McElroy,
.Marcus I>. Hyde and an unknown, ana
that the Army and Navy League U almost
a unit for Captain Thomas.
Altogether Mr. Henry's candidacy,
which is an independent one, is at this
time the enigma of the campaign.
Colonel John P. Irish has also taken a
hand in tbe campaign and to-nk'ht pub
lishes a statement in which he says some
pertinent things. He says: As usual
the municipal election is made to turn
.upon matters of less moment to the ex
clusion of what is greater. Las; month
I wo men of large property came here from
f -Montana to buy homes, settle their fam
/ilies and invest their means. They iv
, tended to stop in Oakland; they took a
look at it across the West Oakland flats,
]>assed tbe marsh bog and tbe swamp
e-ephant and the garbage crematory tbat
does not cremate, and then one made h:s
investment in Ban Jose and tbe other in
Xapa."
After referring to the necessity of intel
ligent improvement the colonel con
cludes: "Let us attend to tbe needs o!
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
this source whence cometh our strength,
rather than make a petty wrangle over
tbe issue of a man's rig "it to a citizen's
privi'ege being deniable because he is a
commuter and earns in San Francisco
what he spends in Oakland."
The president of ttie City Christian En
deavor Union issued to-night a letter in
which he uses some remarkably strong
language. If he speaks with authority,
the closing paragraph must have a marked
effect on the election, as tbe Endeavorers
certainly control about 1800 votes. It
reads: "We will never comprornis* with
the devil or i is imps. Any candidate who
is a liquor man or backed by liquor men
need not come around wooing for our suf
frage. We want the women and children
protected and fed. This is simp y a po
lici* regulation restricting the s.iie of m
tox eating liquors. No man's personal
liberty is at stake and every honest, clean
Christian and non-Christian man should
vote yes on the proposition."
The letter also corAuns a reference to
Councilman Manuel, -who voted against
Sunday closing after promising to give
the people a chance to vote upon it. It
says that although he trifd yesterday to
cali a special meeting of the council to re
consider the action of last Wedne:-day mat
he has made bis record, and a death-bed
repentance will not save his name nor his
followers from defeat.
This final hint is construed to mean
thattne Endeavorera will give their sup
port for Mayor to Rev. S. Goodenoiuh,
the Populist candidate, rather than to
Captain Thomas, the Repub ican nomi
nee. Just what argument can be made to
justify their position no one seems to
know, but that such is the case there i 3 no
doubt.
With all these irons in the fire there will
be plenty of campaigning lor the poli
ticians before Monday, March 8.
To Open n . ovivnl.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 24 —Tbe series
of protracted meetings under the auspices
of the Miuisters' Union, conducted by
L. W. Munhall, D. IX, will begin to
morrow evening in Linderman's Opera
bouse. Ail of the Protestant churches
will unite and dispense with their serv
ices except the Sunday morning sermon.
Mestings will be held daily at 7:30 p. m .
except Saturday, and at 3 p. m., except
Mondays and Saturdays. On Sunday after
noon a grand rally of all the Young Peo
ple's organizations and other young people
will be held. The City Christian En
deavor Union have dispensed with their
regular quarterly union prayer meeting
for that day.
ANOTHER PIONEER GONE.
Mrs. Phoebe Haley, After i» Residence
in the Kncinal City for Thirty
Years, vied Yesterday.
ALAMEDA, Cal,. Feb. 24.— Mrs. Phoebe
! C. Haley of 1208 Onion street died last
j evening from comp.ications attending old
«ge. She was 76 years of age and was a
pioneer of this city, having come Here
I thirty years ago.
Mr. Haley opened the Terrace Baths In
the early days. He lost his life in an acci
i dent which the early residents will re
member. In connection with the baths
j was a pump and engine to furnish salt
water. One Sunday morning it blew up,
seriously injuring Mr- Haley. As a result
of these injuries he died. At one time the
I family whs well-to-do and owned the
| beautiful p ccc of property bounded by
j Concord ana Webster streets and Railroad
and Paciiic avenues. Mr. Haley was at
one time a watchman at the United States
Mint.
Figures of the Primary.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Feb. 24.— The total
vote at the Harmonic Ha.l primary last
evening was 3tf. This vote was only
polled in the contest between LamDorn
and Bailentine. The City Attorneyship
| felL one short, of this, while candidates
i having no opposition ran away behind
that. The candidates and vote for each
were as folio ws:
CITY TRUSTEES.
Bnek „.„
scholie ; iVi
Smith ::: '.1........... I!!i3i
SCHOOL DIRECTORS.
Brown ,, 81
Van Voorhles ' " -iSi
sco« ;;.;;;. *g|
Bryan J |j3
Imvis ...".'...!."..... 49
LIBRARY TKUBTKKS.
A nits. •...•••••••••.. ...••• •»...• ••*•••• , .". , 24H
Lateen ...11l „,,..
Mastlclc „,.
Toelken i ,' ZnT
Weiler. .. ;;; 203
Smith ASSESSOR - "\, Q
SnaKb 269
TREASURER.
Wheeler *..... 255
c;ty clerk.
Lam bora , , 177
Ua11eni1ne........ ."...158
CITY ATTORNEY.
Tapp<in.... ....245
Tay.or gg
RECORDER.
St. 5ure...;.......... ".:.".. .'....235
v MARSHAL.
Rogers 265
— • — » ■»
Mrs. R'turke Slay tio Home,
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 24.— Judge S. P.
Hall has ruade an order releasing Mrs.
Oilie Kourke from tiie Stockton Insane
Asylum. Tue younc woman was com
mitted five days after marriage, but is
rapidly inoprovinc, and ber fainiiy has
promised to taue care of her until ber
reason returns. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1897.
TWO WIVES HEAR
GAY SENTENCED
Mrs. Edeau-Gay Tells of
Her Short, Unhappy
Married Life.
Torn Photcgrapbs and Bible and
Many Letters Figure in
the Exhibits.
Ju ge Ogden Said the Prisoner Was
Worse Than a Highway
Robber.
Oakland Office San Frakcisco Call,)
908 Br-advay, Feb. 24. )
Willis* B. Gay, self-confessed bigamist,
stood in the docK to-day while Judge
Ogden read him a scathing rebuke and
sentenced him to three years in San
Quentin, the limit the law allows for
bigamy,
In the court was Mrs. Gay No. 3 and
Mrs. Gay No. 4 The story to.d by the
third Mrs. Gay, who uses her previous
name of Mrs. Edeau, was the most re
markable ever told in an Alameda court.
In brief it was this : A few years ago Gay
married a young girl whose only name
known is that 01 Alice. After living with
her a few montus there was a desertion,
and Gay married Miss May Griner. This
lady was Mr-. Gay fora lew months, when
her house burned down, and she charged
Gay with knowing a good deal about it.
Another woman came on the scene and
Mrs. Gay I*o. 2 secured a divorce.
A lew month? laierGay met Mrs. Edeau,
a very worthy lady of Pueblo, Colo. Sue
was a prominent churcn member, an ar
dent temperance lecturer and very promi
nent in fraternal circles. Anticipating
the necessity for making a defense in case
Gay should attack her reputation, Mrs.
Edeau laid before the court the most
valuable set of testimonials and references
that any woman ever possessed. Ther
left no doubt whatever that she was all
that a good, pure woman should be.
Afier a few moothe of marri d lif >, dur
ine which Gay treated her cruelly and ac
knowledged in letters that his claim to for
tune was a myth, sue wai also deserted,
but not before Gay had proposed that she
insure her house and store ana hinted that
if it should burn down it would be a good
thing. Before leaving Guy also tore up all
the fami y portraits and destroyed all the
family records tn the family Bible, and
the fragments of tiiem were produced in
court to-day to support the position taken
by Mrs. Edeau. After deserting her Gay
came to Alameda, married a young girl
named Mary Gafford and was living with
her when caught by Mis Gay of Puebio.
His arrest followed, b« pleaded guilty, and
to-day was sent to the penitentiary. Judge
Ogden remarking that his conduct was
more reprehensible than that of a highway
robber and that it was a pity the law did
not permit a longer sentence than three
years.
Mrs. Gay No. 3 has resumed her name of
Mrs. Edeau and will secure a divorce, and
t.re-ueus that when Gay's term is up thai
be will be taken back to Pueb.o to answer
a charge of irrand larceny for having sto
len and sold her lurniture without her
permission or knowledge while she was
sick ia a hospital.
A CAMPAIGN COMMITTEE
Ministers of Oakland Will Ap
point Fourteen Mer
chants.
They Will Take C arge of the Anti-
Saloon Fight at the
Election.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broauway, Feb. 24. )
An important meeting was held in the
uarlors of the First Presbyterian Church
this evening, wiiich marked the inaugura
tion of the anti-saloon party's vigorous
campaign.
Tnc Invitations to the meeting had been
sent out privately, and no public notice of
the gathering had bean given. Nearly all
the leading clergymen of the city were
present and a few laymen.
Rev. C. H. Hobart explained the object
of the meeting. He said it was to take
such stops as would insure two years of
decent government by the next adminis
tration. H* meant by this tnat they
wanted two years of a government that
would not be controlled by the saloons.
The city had been governed from back
rooms of saloons long enough, and it was
time that.ail this should cease.
AftT some further discussion Dr. Chap
roan made a motion that a committee
should be appointed to take charge of the.
campaign and that it should consist of
three members. Much debate followed,
and it was proposed that the three mem
bers should appoint fourteen, and that
the aptioiniees should act. This plan was
approved.
It wan finally dcci.led that the commit
tee of three shou d cons. at of Kov. C. H.
Hobart, H. R. Waters and K. S. Finch.
These three were commissioned to ap
point fourteen oihers, two from each of
the seven wards In the city. The politi
cal complexion of the lourieeu is to be as
nearly as possible distributed among old
parties. Under no consideration must
they appoint a pastor, but all must b*
merchants.
The duty of the fourteen is to arrange
for several mas--meeting3, to crocure a
permit from the Mayor to hoid meetings
on street-corners and to report in regard
to the propriety of indorsing a ticket
of men favorable to their cause.
The action of the ministers has added to
the political ferment, and the saloon men
are now considering the nature of the
campaign they should make.
A lamed v City Note*.
Those who expect to cast their ballot at the
coming municipal election, April 13, and who
are not registered, should bear in mind that
March 13 will be the last day for registration.
An effort will bo made to amalgamate the
Good Government Club with the Municipal
Ownership League, but it is by no mans cer
tain that thi» can be accomplished.
F. R. Krauth has juat received a letter an
nouncing the death of his brother, John B.
Krauth, which occurred at Covlngion. Ky.,on
the 15th lnst. The deceased wa< 83 years of
age and had been in lil health the past year.
Samuel Vincent died to-day at his home,
2114 Buena Vista avenne. He was born in
Eng.and June 5, 1854. He bad resided in
tins city the past seven years and leaves a
wife.
In & d»y or two it is proposed to run the
hroudgnuge locals from Mattick station to
Fruitvttle during the time that the A. ice-street
bridge la closed to trnflic. transferring pagsen
gers to the Oakland Seventh-street local.
. » — • — •
Welcome 10 the Iles'l I'linsui.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Feb. 24.— The Wood
men of the W T orld held forth at Linder
man's Opera-house to-night and tendered
a reception to F. A. Faikenburg, head
consul Pacific jurisdiction. Woodmen of
the World, of Pueblo, Colo. The Uni
tarian Club furmshe music for the occa
sion, and after introductory and welcom
ing rem rks on behalf of Spence Camp
No. 132, Mr. Falkenburg spoke at length
on woodcraft and its standing in relation
to other fraternal orders.
Will Hake Sure.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 24— Although
nominated by the Harmonic Hall primary
last night and the postal pnmarv, without
opposition in either case, O. L. Rogers has
a petition on the street today securing
the signatures of sufficient voters to place
his name on the ticket by petition. In
defense of this move, his workers assert
that a vote for any one individual would
give him sufficient grounds to contest and
win the office. The nominations, they
hold, would not stand the test of the
courts.
HE PREFERRED DEATH.
Beaten in Lifo'i. Battln, a Carpenter
Turns on the Gas and
Dies.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 24—CharIes R.
Lloyd, a carpenter, gave up the battle of
life during thenip.ht. Some .years ago he
was well to do. Luck turned against him
and he gradually lost his grip. One by
one he pawned his possessions to pay
board and lodging, bat finally he became
despondent. A few days aeo he tried to
forget bis grief by drinking. Yesterday
he pawned hi-, overcoat forsi 23, and wnh
two nickels in his pocket retired to his
room alter midnight.
He closed the transom, shut tne win
dow, plugged n is handkerchief into me
keyhole, partly undressed himself, turned
on" the gas, lay on the bed and awaited
death, which came several hours before
be was discovered. He was a single man,
38 years old, and has two brothers living
in East Oakland.
MOURNING A SON, HE DIED
Heart Disease Suddenly Carries
Off Captain J. C.
Wilson.
One of the Oldest and Largest Coal-
Dealers on the Pacific
Coast.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 24. )
J. C. Wilson, the weil-known coal mer
chant and yachtsman, died somewhat
suddenly this morning in San Francisco.
Although he has been sick for a few
weeks, his death was not expected, but he
was stricken with hears disease while at
the Lane Hospital, where he expired.
The deceased merchant was one of the
largest coal dealers on the Pacific Coast,
and has large business interests in San
Francisco and Oakland. He was born in
Brooklyn fifty-four years ago, and came
to California when 25 years of ace, mak
ing the trip around Cape Horn, lie at
once entered into the wood and coal busi
ness, and for over thirty years his enter
prises have been successful. He moved
his family to Oakland about ten years
ago, when he purchased a handsome home
on Hoburt street.
In 1875 he married Miss Agnes Cowan,
the daughter of a prominent citizen of
San Franc sco.
The tragic death of his son Hneb last
September accelerated J. C. Wilson's
death. It will be recalled that while
Hugh Wilson's yacht was at aucnor near
Antloch be went in swimming, was seized
with cramps and drowned. Tue fearful
news caused his father a severe shock
lrom which he never recovered.
Soon after the Heath of bis son Mr. Wil
son closed the family home on Hobart
street, and for the past few months he
and his wife have resided with their son,
J. C. Wilson Jr., across the bay.
The deceased gentleman was an ardent
J. C WILSON, the Well-Known Yachtsman and Merchant, Who
Died Yesterday.
yachtsman, and his craft, The Idler, is one
of the prettiest pleasure vessels on the
bay. He beloneed to several yachting
clubs, and the Idler was always to the
front in local regattas. He also took an
interest in municipal affairs, and eight
years ago was elected to serve a term as
City Councilman.
Mr. Wilson belonged to several fraternal
societies, beine a member of the Mason
an.l Buena Vista Lodge, I. O. O. F. He
was also affilated with a lodge of Elks, and
was respected alike for his bus. ness qual
ifications and his sociability.
Profe««or lUclinrdnon's Will.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 24 —The will of
the late Professor Richardson has been
filed and he l»ft an estate in this country
valued at about $10,000. He left two lots
in Oakland Township to the university to
provide for an annual prize to be known
as the "Richardson Latin Translation
Prize." The te«ta:or gives his book- and
personal effect- to his friends, and leaves
tha greater part of his estate to his
mother.
Hl* Periodical Wife.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 24. — Frank
Robinson, a paperhanger of West Oak
land, is again looking for his wife. She
left him on New Year's day to look after
two small children sick with measles and
lie cannot find her. Borne time ago she
figured in an elopement case with a
painter.
The Park In Paid For.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 124— Everything
relating to the title of the new West O?.k-
Iniik Park beinc satisfactory the Board of
Works passed the claim this morning for
the aite, amounting to $6866. A resolution
instructing tha secretary io advertise for
sealed proposals to fill in the site was
pao&ed. The sum of $3000 has been ai
rcady set aside for the purpose.
ANOTHER TEAM
MAY GO EAST
Prospects That Berkeley
May Send Her Men as
Far as Chicago.
Some Very Premising Candi
dates on the List of Track
and Fie id Athletes.
A! L3D, th> Prof ss ona! Trainer, I,
Greatiy Phased With the
Prosp cts.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 24.— There is a
prospect oi Berkeley's sending another
track athletic team across the continent
this spring to compete on Eastern fields.
This is a dope which is being quietly cher
ished among leaders of athletics at the
university, and to which utterance has
been given only in the moat careful and
guarded manner.
Almost the whole scheme will be de
pendent upon the outcome of the intercol
legiate games in April. Bhoulc Stanford
be deleaied by a good majority the trip,
so say those who know, will be assured.
Just bow far they will go will depend
largely upon the ability oi the learn and
the finances. A dozen or more men will
probably be sent at least aa lar as Chicago
to compete in the Western intercollegiate
championship meet and with such co
leges and athletic clubs as are in the im
mediate Vicinity.
At no lime since the founding of the
university have such a large number oi
candi :ates for places on the team con
tinued through the season to come out
for daily practice, and the prospects indi
cate ti.a; several surprises nil! be sprang
in the coming games with tue Palo Alto
boys.
In the sprints Berkeley has Barnes,
Dickie, Drum and Brougbton, all of whom
have made as low time aa 10 4-5 sec
These lour men, aa well as Miller and
llerreshoff, will enter the 2:20. In the
4:40 there is Humphreys. In tho miU
and the balf-miia are Brown, Jackson and
Carroll, with half a dozen more entries
wtiuse ability is unknown.
In the mile walk there are Westerfeld,
Aiken, t-kaiie ana Gr.ilin. Bakewell and
Cheakhave thea-cemleucy in the hurdles.
Craits, Squires and Cusier are the bicy*
uhsts. Doz.er for the broad is out again
with Humphreys and i.heck. Edgren is
sull in the university and will compete in
the hammer throw. Lloyd, Edgren and
Cheek will put the shot, while Lloyd,
Cheek and Hoffman will try the vault.
Tu«se are the leading men who will en
ter the contests, with a score or more
others whose real ability has not yet been
tested. A tryout field day will be held in
about ten duys, when all those who do
not equal or exceed certain records will be
droi ped from the list.
Al Lean, the well-known professional
athlete, has begun regular work with the
men, preparing them for the games. He
says the prospects for a crack team are fa
vorable in the extreme.
One of the prime reasons that Berkeley
wishes to send a team to compete on
Eastern tracks is that this is EJgren's last
year with the university, and that Hum
phreys will probably not return in the
fall. These two men alone are believed to
dc able to take at least three first places
against any team in the country.
As for the money to tend a team East,
there is something like $1700 in the treas
ury o: the association at the present time,
and small amounts are being continually
added to it from time to time throutrb
concerts, benefits and individual coniribu
t ons. According to the conditions upon
which |1500 of the amount is held. Berke
ley must send a team East either this
year or next, or the money will revert to
other uses of the association than paying
the expenses of a transcontinental tour.
Water Rates Lowered.
BERKELEY. Cal., Feb 24.— Alongand
lively meeting or the Town Board was
held last evening at which the question of
water rate? occupied the greater part of
the session. A settlement was asked by
which meter rales are to be reduced about
35 per cent; street sprinkling rates,
'25 per cent, and the company is
allowed $1 50 tor small hydrants, which
have not been paid for at all during the
year. After a settlement was reached
several citizens and some of the Trustees
(ought for a still greater reduction, and
the discussion which followed may yet
result in the reconsideration of the entire
question.
Preparing to Celebrate.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 24. — Active
preparations an* being made for the grand
celebration of the fa< ulty and students at
tiie State University, over the passing of
the 1-cent tax bill, whicu will take place
Friday afternoon. Speeches will be made
by the Governor, President Kellong, Dr.
Le Conte, Senator Stratton an i others.
O:i the afternoon of Friday all exercises
at the university will be suspended
l.x-Ciiptalu Raniome 1.1
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 24— Wilfred
Ransome, the ex-captain of the Varsity
eleven, is lying seriously ill at the Beta
Theta Pi Chapter Home. He was stricken
down a week aeo last Thurs lay with the
grippe and has gradually grown worse.
He is now threatened with pneumonia.
Much anxiety over hi 3 condition is preva.
lent among the students.
■ rmpinbered Dr. Kichardaon.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Feb. 24.— The Long
fellow Memorial Association adopted a tii.
ting memorial to Dr. George M. Richard
Auction 8a Ice
STREET & CRESSWELL,
General Auctioneer*. Boom 316 Spreck-
els Building;, 941 M.irket Street.
THIS DAY,
Thur5day. ............ February 25. 1897,
At 11 o'clock am-, at the private residence, ""
1235 Gsa y street, corner Gough,
On account of departure,
I will sell
The Very Elegant Drawing-room, Par-
lor, Chamber and Dining-room
Furniture of above lovely
home, '
comprising is PABi:
Magnificent odd pieces or upholstery in Solid
Mahogany, elegantly upholstered in choice cover-
ings, Onyx Pedestal, Real Water < olora an . Etch-
ings, Point L cc Cur ains. beautifully upho.s ered
Couches, Bed Lounges, fine Port i. res, Axminster
and Moquet Carpets, rare Hug , Oak Uat Tree,
handsome Leather Ka«y Cnalr, two very fine Oak
Folding Beds Plat* Mirror Fronts, very elegantly
Carved Chamber Suits with handsome Chiffonier
to match, Oak Mirror Inclosed Waihstand, Wnite
Blankeu and very best White Hair M attress,
Down Quilts, very fine Baby Carriage and Willow
Crib, handsome Oak Sideboard (very unique),
elegant Extension Table and Chairs to match, Cut
lass War«. Table Linen, etc., Eureka (pan»l)
btove with Water Back as good as new, complete
line Agate Ware and many otuer rare and beauti-
ful artlc as, come nts servant's room, etc.
A. Lh>LIE Ciu.ssWiCLL, Auctioneer.
Terms cash. _
son, who was cnce president of the organ
ization, and who recently died in Greece,
at taeir meeting last evening.
Belmont Meet- Defeat.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 24.— The Bel
mont baseoail nine was defeated by the
University team this afternoon on the
Berkeley diamond by a score of 16 to 4.
SEGUfiED BIG DAMAGES.
Senator Beard Awarded ' 85000 From
the Water Company.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 24.— The con
demnation ' suit brought by the Spring
Valley Water Company against Senator
Beard was concluded to-night The jury
was out several hours and returned a ver
dict in favor of Beard for $15,000. The
water company was required to divert
some of the water of Alameda Creek ihat
flowed over Beard's property, Several
ears a%o the company pail $10,000, with
the proviso that in any future suit this
sum should be considered.: Beard said he
was damaged to tne extent of $75,000.
T.je verdict of the jury in reality . only
gives the Senator another $5000. The suit
was filed two years ago and has been drag
ging along ever since.
: — — • • — » » : —
Result of the Postal Primary.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 24.— The posta
primary committee completed the count
of the postal-cards to-mghts. Itie prin
cipal candidates and the total vole for
them is as follows: City Trustees— 8.
Uanley. 409; Alex Mac-Hie, 382; E. J.
Holt, 379; John Brick* 309; W. F. Schu'te,
237; F. G. Voogt,. 202. The first two re
ceived the nomination. Library Trus
tees— H. Mastick 906, J. L. Field
602, B. C. Brown 604, W. Bour
hyte 552, J. £. Younger 605,
H. Tolken 477, John Lutgen ISO, G. 8.
Ames 105, C. L. Welle 122. The hrst five
are the nominee*. School Trustees — R. J.
Van Vorheis 437, Cy Brown 726, E. H.
Bryan 389, J. H. McNuit 276, M. H. Davis
178. First i wo are the nominees. City
Attorney— E. K. Taylor 867, R. B. Tappan
143, J. P. Fleming 25. Asst-seor— E. Minor
fcmith 935. Treasurer— R. G. Wheeler s 63,
E. G. Bullock 147, Lin Palmer 347. Clerk—
B. F. .Lam born 607, J. L. Bailenune 470.
Marshal- O. L. Rogers 925, E. A. Kober
18. Recorder— A. F. Bt. burs 869, Alex
Innis4B. . . .
Good Government Club Astir.
ALAMEDA, Cat., Feb. T4.— The Good
Government Club met to-night and cleared
up the preliminaries preparatory to nomi
nating a full ticket. An executive com
mittee consisting of thirteen members,
one from each precinct, was selected, and
are in numerical order: Si Ralph Hamlin,
M. P. Wiggin. E. E. Johnson, A. A. Bani
ster. Leo IS. Robinson, D. S. Brebaut, C.
F. Fleiter, Dr. G. W. Scott, W. H. Davis,
E. A. yon Schmidt, E. A. Kober, G. T.
Morris and Ed Houston. The club will
meet Saturday and Wednesday evenings
next to hear nominations for the primary
which is to be held Saturday, March 6,
between the hours of 2 and Bp. m. The
club rolls will bo closed one wee* from to
night. G. R. Broadwel! is president of
this club and G. N. Mcßae secretary.
■ ' — ♦ — • ■
Dickey Held, Bllte Freed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 24— S. R. Dickey,
the coin-sweater, was held to answer to
day for his crime, and bail was fixed at
$5000. Fred Blite, the man arrested with
dim, was discharged, as it was nut be
lieved that he knew anything about
Dickey's doings. .
Blite said that he believed Dickey was
making a photographer's preparation,
and he assigned to him $800 of a $2000 life
insurance policy on the agreement of
D.ckey to support him for the rest of his
life.
All at Peace Again.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 24. — Mary F.
Littleheld has dismissed tier suit for di
vorce. She has been married thirty years
and has a large family of children. She
had some . differences recently with her
husband, but they have been adjusted and
all is again harmonious.
Merchants Indorse Annexation.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 24.— The Mer
chants' Exchange of Oakland has in
dorsed the scheme for annexing th« terri
tory north of this city. They are of t&e
opinion that within a few years Oakland
would derive a material benefit from the
annexation.
' Fifteen Years for Robbery.'
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 24,— Augustine
Bfrrves~a. a Spaniard who robbed James
Clark at Warm Spiings.of $10 and left
him lying all night under a tree, was
sentenced to-day by Judge ' Greene to
fifteen years at Folsom.
• — » — •
ASKED HEE HOW TO VOTE.
Woman's Practica Work of More Value
Than Platform Speech-*
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feo. 24. f
Mrs. Lydia Prescott, secretary of the
Children's Society, is having a peculiar
experience and one which plainly shows
t at practical work accomplishes more
than platform utterances.
For two years Mrs. Prescott has been
prosecuting cases on behalf of children
and several hundred have come under her
notice. Yesterday she was visited by two
delegations, both of whom asked her for
advice :n the matter of voting at the com
icg election. The lady declared that she
was not an expert on politics and inquired
the reason for their visit.
One of the men, named Stockinger, re
marked that a woman who could* act a
Mrs. Prescott had done was certainly bet
ter able to give ail vice than any man that
he knew. A few months ago Stocktnger's
wi:e was living in a part of town where it
wa-< impossible for her to bring up her
chid with Uue regard to its welfare. She
had left her husband and taken the ch.ld
with her. T c case was reponed to Mrs.
Prescott, and one day rinding the chil I in
objectionaole company she at once took
charge of it and restored it to its father.
Nothing more was thought of v until
Stockinger app-ared at her office yester
day, asking for her preferences as regarded
political candidates.
"Thin experience is somewhat novel to
me," said Mrs. Prescott when asked si bout
the matter, "and I cannot help but feel
gratified. I am not in politics, but sev
eral people seem to think my advice worth
having. They invariably sympathize with
me that I am not able to vote myse.f, nnd
declare that they would be only too glad
to do as I wish."
COMPLETE STOCK_ OF GROCERIES
TO BE SOLD THIS DAY,
Thursday Fnbmarr 25, 1897.
At 11 o'clock a. m., a;
1057 MASKK, S  OIP. JONES,
CONSISTING OF
Over $4000 worth of clean new goods In staple
and fancy artic:es. This s ock is the most com-
pie c and cm prises the flm-st line of groceries
tveroffered for sale at public auction, and wa
recommend all buyers to inspect tv s sto. k before
thesale t-'kes place, 'iheca-ned goois brar the
names and are put up by cb< best known houses in
the country. *nd all imported goods are of sup-rlor
brauaa. in fact the stock takeu as a wuole U ol a
very line selection.
INDIAaA AUCTION CO.,
H. J. LKUTh' LTZ, Auctioneer.
. 1057 Market st., opp. Junes.
P. J. BARTB, AUCTIOMEER.
FURNITURE AND ART GOODS,
At Salesroom, 414 McAllister Street.
THIS DAY-THURaDAY,
February 25. 1897, at 2 P. M.,
THE ELEQANT FURNITURE OF 8 ROOiIS,
Consisting of Odd Pieces or Parlor Furniture,
Lounges, Oak Bed Sets and Mattresses, Pillows,
Eleuant Parlor i.esk, FolJiug Beds, Dishes,
B oves. etc.; also some Fine Bronze* and Art
Goods. Sale positive.
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
ELIGANT nil* AND FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (Thursday), at 11 A. M.
1733 SUTTEH, NR. LAGUNA.
BICH UPHOLSTERY.
FINK UPRIGHT PIANO,
ELEGANT C A KPETMkI ONIFICENT CHAM-
BER FURXIITJRE, Etc.
FRANK W. BTJTTERFIELD. Auctioneer,
602 Market Street-
BUTLER TO FIGHT
HIS EXTRADITION
He Has Cabled to a Bank
in Australia for
Funds.
One of the Papers Has Offered
Him $100 for a Brand
New Name.
If Commissioner Heacock Decides
Against H m He Will Appeal
to the Supreme Court.
From present indications it will be
months before murderer Butler takes his
departure for Australia to stand his trial
for the fiendish crimes charged against
him.
Butler is now determined to fieht his
extradition to the bitter end, and if Com
missioner Heacock decides against him
he will appeal to the United States Su
preme Courr.
"1 have to-day," said Butler yesterday,
"cabled to a bank in Sydney, through my
attorneys, where 1 have funds, for £100 to
pay my attorneys for carrying the ca9e to
the Supreme Couit, and I want ail the
money I can to help me in that direction.
I am writing a boole of my life, in ac
cordance with a contract with a publisher,
and I will get 40 per cent of the profits."
Butler also said he was going to get $100
from a newspaper for another name for
himself, a brand new, exclusive one, but
Butler has so often made statements and
then denied them that it really makes lit
tle difference what name he gives. He
admitted yesterday that he went by a
iar^e number of names, as he found it
convenient to do so for many reasons.
He also received a handsome sum from
tne phonograph men, so that all along he
has had an eye to business.
He acknowledged yesterday that the
story published exclusively in The Call
of his connection with tne Canadian
mounted police was correct.
He was in the Northwest in 1887 after
leaving the British marine service. He
was only there a short time, and must
have either bought his d.scharga or
deserted.
It is believed that Butler is a native of
Brommage, Staffordshire, England, where
be served as a constable for a short time
and taen enlisted in the Gordon High
landers. His subsequent career has since
his arrest on the Swanhiida, been almost
entirely published in The Call lrom time
to time.
"I am not fighting my extradition," he
said, "because lam afraid to go back to
Sydney to stand my trial, as I know they
can't prove anything against me. If I
bad committed the murders do you think
I would have lived openly in Sydney be
fore sailing on the Svranhildu? I have
made blunders, I confess, but that can't
De helped now. I am going to fight my
extradition to the bitter end, because I
enow I am innocent and don't want to be
dragged back to Austmlia as a murderer."
INSULTED WOMEN.
J. Cameron Smith Sent to the County
Jail for Six Months.
J. Cameron Smith, a man about 30 years
of ape, was sent to the County Jail for six
months by Judge Con Jan yesterday, a fact
which, will be pleasing news to many
lasiies in the City.
Smith has been arrested several time*
for insulting ladies. He was always care
ful that no one was around at me lime,
and so he escaped punishment through
lack of evidence.
About a year ago he was arrested, and
as he knew there was a strong case acairnt
h.m he jumped his bonds. Judge Conian
is-ued a bench warrant for his arrest, but
he succeeded in escaping the vigilnnge of
the police till Saturday last, wnen p )lice
man W. D. Scott recognized him and took
him to the Ci;y Prison.
Smith was at one time a clerk in a ship
ping office, and later a collector. He is of
medium height, reddish hair and mus
tache.
Fought the Conductor.
W. T. Bsgley, a young man living at 28 Eddy
street, had a fight^with the conductor of a
Union-streetcar near Polk street yesterday.
Bag.ey had the worst of the oncou i tcr, as the
conductor used his beilpuuch w.th trood effect.
Hag.ey went to the Receiving Hospital and
Dr. Uunnt'll dr.'ssed a wound on his left jaw
and another on his let hand.
Tug of War.
A pleasing diversion Is to be added to the
big tuR-of-war tournament. The most popular
team will be voted for by the audience, and
each team wiil have a young lady canvassing
the audience in the distribution of ba lots. A
guessiug contest as to the time n quired by the
wioai g team In ail of its pulls wui Joubtless
be a -'other unique side l«sue.
y^^K Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/ <ffiM^-'"* K EA »* V NT. Established
B *fe*^£Ja In IS.V» for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Biir>KEABSTHT. Established
in I8.V» for the treatment of Private
Dlsennes, Lost Manhood. Debility or
v BfcSgffljgi disease wearing on body and mind ana
*£ KraßaaH Skin Diseases, 'i'hedoctorcureswhen
wS SffiS^ others fail. Try him. Charges low.
v^eftStSi&a < in uni :c.iu< Callorwrlte,
Or. J. W. iiIBBQK. Be* 199?.S«aftiuiciag«l
1112
MUCH BLUFFING,
BUT NO FIGHT
Attorneys Smith and Loud
erback Engage in a
Wordy War.
The Ex-Judge Accuses the Other
of Fixing a Member of
the Jury.
Acrid Recrimination Evcntualy Winds
Up ia Mutu;l Expressions of
Apo o»y.
There was quit* a heated discussion yes
terday between Mr.jor Smith and ex-Judge
Londerback in Judge Joachimsen's court.
Attorney Smith 1? defending some 250
Chinese, arrested a week ago last Satur
day in dens about Cbinatown. Louder
■ back is the special counsel employed by
.Chief Crowley for the prosecution.
The trial of these cases has causrd both
Attorney Smith and Joseph Coffey, his
. associate, to be placed in contempt, with
a fine o\ $100 and imprisonme.it in the
County Jail to be held over their heads.
The habeas corpus writ sued out by them
resulted in their being remanded to jail,
but they have managed to hays execution
of judgment withheld while the cases of
their Chinese clients are before the court.
It was the trial of Wonp Lung, a visitor
to a gambling game, that came up yester
day. The evidence was the same a* given
in other cases of the kind, and was con
clusive enoueh for the jury to lind the
defendant gnilty*
Durine the argument made by the
prosecution Attorney Smith arose and de
clared that: "Judire Louderback is con
' Burning too much time. He is waging
words so as to prevent us getting in our
argument for the defense at this hearing."
Judge Louderback immediately fired
back the brand that created ail tne
trouble.
"You don't want an armament made,"
he said, "because you buve a juryman
lixeti."
Attorney Smith blanched. He squirmed
in his chair and started to stutter an an
swer. His first words were forcible
enough, b<u did not reacti the ear of the
court. Then, having given vent to his
pent-up passion, he addressed ex-Judge
L'juderback personally, pointing his
linper at the person addressed.
"You, i-ir, say that I have a juryman in
this box 'fixed.' You are not speaking
what is true, and it I had you outside of
■ this courtroom I wou.d brand its falsity
upon you in a manner entirely different."
'•Tut, tut, tut!" interposed Judge
Joachiinsen, "1 want Done of that talk in
this court."
"Mv honor is impugned," broke in At
torney Smith. "I never before have been
accused of •lixing 1 or tampering with a
jury, and I certainly have never been ac
cused of being 'fixed' while on the bench."
The intimation that ex-Judge Louder
back had lent a willing ear to defendants
while he presided over one of the Police
comts some years ago was not taken up.
Aiter Wong Lung had been convicted
l/ouderbuck and Smith met in the corri
dor outside the courtroom.
'"Major, let's call it off?" said LouJer
back in an inquiring way. 'I didn't mean
what 1 said."
"That's all right," answered Smith, ac
cepting iheglad hand, "neither did I."
, Wong Lung in the meantime comes op
lor sentence i hi^ mormns.
SOLDIERS AS ATHLETES.
A Big Field Day for the Yel
low, Rid asd
White.
A Long Progr mm- With L ve'.y Con
tests Under a Ba'my
Atmosphere^
The officers of the bay posts, their
Jadies, their friends, the troops, or all that
couid, and a Rood section of the sight
seeing public weie at the Presidio grounds
yesterday to t:ika spectators' parts in the
field day. The First In fan try band played
during and between the events, ana alto
gether it was a most successful holiday.
In pursuance of orders from military
headquarters commissioned officers were
detailed to act as a committee on tames,
and yesterday's detail for this purpose
was: Captain Alexander Rodgers, Fourth
Cavalry; Lieutenant Leon S. Roudiez,
Quartermaster First Infantry; Lieutenant
Denis E. Nolan, First Infantry, and Lieu
tenant John W. Hinckley Jr., Third
Artillery, with Captain Starr, referee;
Lieutenant* Painier, Carson and Kilburn,
inspectors; Lieutenants Birkhimer, Davis,
Rutherfor.i, Gardner and Bent, judges;
Lieutenants Croxton and Barrette, time
keepers; Lieutenant HincKley, starter;
First Sergeant Coughlin, clerk of the
course.
The first event was a hurdle race, 120
yards, which was won by Devine of Com
pany G, First Infantry, in 21 1 5 seconds.
The second event was between Ligut
Batteries C and F, of the Artiliery: Bat
tery F won in (j minutes and 42 4-5 seconds.
Tlu wuli scaling event wa-> between Bat
tery X, Third Artillery, and Companies
A, E, and G, First Infantry.
The entire team nad to eet over the wall
witn arms, clothing and equipments ad
iusted and fall in at a point twenty feet
from the wall in the position of the sol
dier and arms at an "oder." Five shots
Lad to be tired by the first man to see over
toe top of the wall before any of hie team
cou:d be (xposed, live more by the first
man to reacu the '.op and while fitting
there and fifteen more shots from the
other side by the other three men. There
were five men in a team.
Company A's team won in 1 mm. 38 sec.
The poie vault was won at? feet 6 inches
by Sergeant Miller.
The fifth event was a cartridge race, in
which tne Fourth Cavalry conteste :,
which took place in the following manner:
Five cartridges were placed at twenty yard
intervals with t c pistols on the ground
alongside. These cartridges were placed
in the cylinder one at a time, the contest
ant necessarily dismounting each time to
perform this act. Corporal Keilty, Troop
X, Fourth Cavalry, was the winner of this
event in 2 mm. 41 4-5 sec.
The equipment race— on foet — was con
tested by Corporal Harper. Battery X;
Sergeant Puckett, anr. Privates Hill", De
vine, Crutcbfieid. Harrington and Con
nauguton of the First Infantry. Puckett
won in 2 minutes 11 4-5 s- conds.
The fhfee-legeed race whs b 'tween Mil
ler and Curley, Trooi> X, Fourth Cavairv;
B!i-ckmore and Kadigan, Battery X,
Th.rd Artillery; Enjis rom and U.iiley,
Company E. First Infantry; Seaton and
Bent ey. Company G, First In antry:
Puckett and Connaugtiton, Company G,
First Infanirv. Miller and Curley wou in
16 minutes 2-5 seconds.
The mounted tug-cf-war with six horses
on a aide was an easy victory for Troop
B's men, who pulled Troop X over the
line in 30 seconds.
Tbe afternoon's sport was a game of
baseball between a combination of the
mourned men and a team oi the hirst In
fantry, in which the infantry came out
victorious with a scf>ri» of 7 :o f}.
MARY MOOTiLY IS ANGKY.
Complains of Excess ye 1 liargea Ajjnirn
I'^r ISrothcr'a Kstute.
Miss Mary Mootry showed great impa
tience white on the witness-stand in Judpe
Goffey's department of the Superior Court
yesterday. She accused Henry A. Crane,
executor of the will of Thomas Mootry,
deceased, and his attorney, M. Mullany, of
having prevented her from serving as
executrix of the estate of her brother, the
late Thomas Mootry, and complained that
Mr. Crane had been allowed $3000 and Mr.
Mullany $2000 out of her brother's estate
for their management of the estate's
affairs, when she thought it was worth no
such sum.
Attorney Deal, representing Miss Mootry,
introduced figures to show that the in
come of the estate had been $5134 and that
Mo«srs. Crane and Mullany had taken
$5000 of this sum.
"They wanted a great deal more," said
Judge Coffey. "Mr. Crane even »aid he
wouldn't do the work again for $5000. I
don't think be gave anything like a quar
ter of bis time to the affairs of thin ate.
I told him then as I tell him now that be
was not compelled to accept the office of
executor anymore than I am compelled
to accept this office where I get only $4000
a year for all my time. Yet he appraised
bis s rvices at that high figure."
Miss Mootry was much moved. She
testified that when she came here from
New York City afier her brother's death
she wanted to :ee the Judge of the court,
but Mr. Crane warned her that Judge Cof
fey was a very unapproachable man, and
consequently she was debarred trom her
rights as an executrix of her brother's es
; tate. She was given no information and
I wax not even told when the final account
was to be presented to the court, so that
she could be present and see where the
money was going. She said that Mr. Mul
lany had also attempted to keep her from
acting as executrix.
Judge Coffey said it was apparent that
Mr. Crane's acts had kept Miss Mootry
from the enjoyment of her rights in the
premises, and he thought she was entitled
to her position as executrix to associate
with Executor Crane in the management
of the estate. The court intimated that
the compensation to the executor and his
attorney bad been excessive.
Further testimony will be heard next |
Tuesday at 2 p. m.
Swindled a Dentist.
G. W. Crane had a charge of obtaining money
by false pretenses booked apalust him at the
City I'r.son last night. He went to Dr.
Shepard's office Monday and ordered a set of
leeth. He returned yesterday, and after tell
ing the doctor he had $100 in bank he bor
rowed 50 cents. The doctor ascertained he
had no money in bank, and when he called
last evening and asked for 25 cents more tbe
doctor arrested him and handed him over to
Policeman T. C. Murphy.
Charged With Uurglary.
Charles \V. Nelson broke into the stables at
219 Seventh street Monday and stole two
bridlei. They wera recovered by Detectives
Dillon and CrockeU and Nelson was arrested
on « charge o! burglary.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
f^sS* CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 5, F. *
&-*' and A. W4l meet Till* fTHUBa- ML
DAY) EVENING. Fob. 25. al 7:SO o'clock. TTjf
Third degree. By order of the Master. /v\
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
V&&* DORIC i,i'DGf NO. 216. F. AND m
E^-^ A. M.. I^l Eddy street— c a led meet- £\
ing THIS (THURSDAYS EVENING. Sor- ll\t
«>nd decree. All Masois and sojourning /^T*
brethren are Invited. By order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
R^3s* SOUTH SAN FRANCIBCO m
»-*' Lodge .no, 212. K. and A. M., tneMs Js\
E X ING i>t 7:80 o' ioc Degree "jt\t
I 2. By order of the master. /v\
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
! a^S=» ALIA LODGE NO 205, I. O. -•\rfU7^~
Es^-*' O. F.— Officers aui membfrt
plea** > ssemble in hall THIS :^&JSrS="
(THURSDAY) KVENINU, Feb. 25, <i Wt« s^ >
to lend district meeting.
P. N. NANSEN, Noble Grand.
■W. B. niBBETT, Rec. Secretary.
ff^S* PRESIDIO LODGE NO. 334, -miH w -
\&*sr I 0. i). F.-Theie will be an ln-^P^JC€c
ltla.ion TO lull I .THrRsiMY).«gBS
Ail brothers are earnestly requested •^7/lfw >
to be pre» nu L. K. AicCLOtKEY, N.G.
C. M. MONKS, R. S.
91^- UNITY' LODGE K0.131, <f^mil/A.
*;•& I. O. <>. F.-lhis lod-e will IS^aZfe-
meet with other lodges in Di trict .\o. -3S*jSs*-i-
-67. at O. F. Hall. Sev-nth and Mar^e-, * r 'W»«^ i **
for a social entertainment under the auspices of
Pacific Lod e No. 156, on TitU SD.\Y EVEN-
ING, February 25, at 8 o'clock. Members will
please at end. H-.SRY A. MOHR, N. G.
William Thackeray, Hec. Sec.
JttjS* OPHIR LODGE NO. 171, ■^J'-'fi*-
I*-*' I. O. O. F.— Officers and mun-^j^gg:
bers a c requested to ais^mb c In I. O. '-^SfSr^^F
O. F. building TO- NIGHT (THI K8-
DAY). February 25, for the purpose of attending
a district meetiug in a oody. '
W. O. DOWLE, N. G.
! rr^F* YXRBA BUI NA LOD(JE -■»- W » IIL ,
: &-*■ NO. 15, I. 0.0. F, al the nt>xt--^^»^:
retular meeting. THI R-I>\Y EVE- : SMS£^ :r
; NINO. Feb. 25. there will an elec- '^/Fy^-
> tion of delegates to a co .vention to be held for the
purpose of appointing a trustee to the Mission-
j street lot in succeed Martin HencKen. deceased,
; and other important business. ulll:ers and mem-
bers aie requested to be present.
M. s. JEFFERS JR., N. O.
Oko. It. I'erham. Rec. sec.
i CfioS* THE S. F. SCOTTISH THIS- v «*■ v,
«* ; - tie Club meets THIS ( | HURS- Q I M
DAY) LV...M -O. Frat r::ily Hal. 3'-'^*T|&?
O'rarrell s .. at 8 ociocic. The reßttlar
moutlily "^moi<er" will follow the meeting,
W. A. DAWSOX, Royal Chief.
Gkobok W. Patkrson", l.ecorder.
ft'^S" A SPECIAL MKKTING OF THE
">* membirsof the Builders' Exchange will b«
j held on FRIDAY, March 6. 1897. at 1 o'clock
i p.m., at 40 New Montgomery street, San J-,au-
I Cisco, for the purpose of nominating candidates
1 for board of airector<. to be elected at. annual
I meeting on March 16, 1897. By ordtr of the
board. OsCAR LEWIS, Presidenu
Jamf.s A. Wilson-, Secretary:
KS* THfc. ->ANXC MKKTING OF THE
■>>■*' Ktockbolderß of the Mann County Water
, Company will be held at the office of the com-
: pany, 406 California streeu (-an Francisco on
! WKiiNKMDAY. the 3d day of March, 18»7. at the
] hour of 12 o'clock m., for the election of trustees
, for the ensuing year and lor the transaction of
! such other business as may come before me meet-
ing, A. DALTO HARRISON, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
■ KJ» THEY SELL ALL KINDS . OP DRY
: »«•' cools, hosiery, underwear, bed spreads, tow-
■ els, table covers, laces, embroidnry, linings trim-
mines, veilings, etc., very cheap at Pioneer Dry
Goods StiTe, lus iiMi su T
*s&* OR MYRTLE POTTER HAS HI MOVED
»-*' from IK62a Market to 134U Market, rm. 27.
f£P&' RAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR «4-
T^T rolle. tons made: city or country. Psflflc
I Collection Co., 415 Montgy 11U, room 6; tel. 5580.
JEZ&* DR. BAZ T REMOVED FROM PHK-
lfc~*^ lan building to 908 •-•«ry <:.: fl. East :-<57.
SITUATIONS WAVTED-FEMALE.'
pOMPETENT PROTESTANT COOK WITH
Preference desire* a situation. J. J. CRO^ETT
CO.. 31tiSutU>r su "
i \ T THE SWEDISH AND GERM AN EMPLOY-
-f\ Bureau a number of flrst-class Blr a
1 await in situations. 3.5 Sutler st.
RESPECT BLE WOMAN WSHES BITUA-
tion; either cookln? or housework: cliyor
country: best of city references. 131 Wlldev st
| beu Bush and Pine. y '
i OMPKTIs NT SOUTHERN COOK, MIDDLE-
j V^ 1 aged woman; can do French and American
| «ivle; Isinlcc laundnsi; city or country, coll
j 10.' 4 Howard »t., room .1.
T\rA • ED- BY RESPKCTA HLE W MAN A
» ' situation to dn housework in small f«mly-'no
objection 10 country. 10 Wetmore, off Clay, beu
Mason and l'o«e. .
REFINED WOMAN WOULD LIKE SITUA-
XV tlon as munaein^ house eeper: " city or coun-
try. references. Ca:l or address MR*. WKLLtH
bO5 Post st , loom 2
O RK^PECTABLK GIKL-i WISH BITUA-
*- tlons: one as cook, the otner at secocd g.rl-
references. 2609 Pott st , near L • on.
ANTED— BY FIRST-CLASS COOK SITUA-
tIon for cooking and cenerv. bous«work; good
reiereii.es. Address or cal at the Young Women's
Curisilan As-o I -it on. i'J2l >''FaireUst.
GR M A NGIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
cooking and general housework. C II at 215
Polk »i , la rear; nou.d lUe to sleep at home. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1897.
FTTTATIONS WANTED-ContfnnH.
SCPKRIoRi SWEDISH LAUNDRESS DE-
sirei situation: best references; city or coun-
try. MIS:-. CULLEN, i.23 Sutter st.
pEKMA.V (ill L WISHKB si I lON FOR
VJf general ' ousework; wages $15. 624 Fulton |
it., near fluch.inan.
KBMAN WOMAN WANTS FEW MOKE
VJT places to wash, iron or house, leaning. Call or
address 'i'i'2 Shipley st. .
REsSMAKER WISHES A FEW MORE
DRESSMAKER WI.-HES A FKW MORE
places to go < n by th ■ day or to take wor* at
borne; all kinds of children's clothes made. Call
or address 232 Shipley it.
ELDKHLY BUT VERY ACTIVE FRENCH
widow wants situation in quiet family; coun-
try preferred: can t«acii. s»w and make herself
generally useful. Address MME. M., oox 65, vv eat
Berkeley.
SCANDI .AVI N GIi. L WANTS SITUATION
as cook. Please call 1138 Florence su, near
'1 went., -fourth.
YOUSG SWEDISH GIRL, FEW M >NTH««
X from Sweden, wishes to do general housework
and assist. in cooking; small wages, bi'i Mc-
Allister St. •V:.r>".':
YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO DO
J- plain Hewing for hotel; willing to work for
room ana board. Call 206 Fifth at., room S. '
OESPECTABLE WU<iAN WANTS SITUA-
XV tion; iteueral' honneworic; willing to -assist I
with children; io-.v wa,es 10 Welniurs place, off
Washington sU. bet. Powell 1 nd son.
SITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
girl for general housework and cooking.
aaloi/, Bush st.
OMP .TEXT NURSEGIRL, WITH REFER- |
ences, withes position. Pleas* call altei 3 1: k.
at 328 La. lt 11 st.. room 'i'l.
VOU.VO WOMAN WANTS SITUATION TO
-L tike care of children; city or country. Apply
1024 ao*ard st-. room H.
yuUKG GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSI-
-L tion as wor»m< housekeeper. 112 Taylor su,
ro in 14.
AiIKKICAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
the day: goo l nastier and ironer ana first-
ci«ss I. ous. c oilier; $1 day. ' Address l.e.itib.e,
box 46. Call oillce.
STKO.Ve GERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE j
for general bousewo.k and plain cooking. Call ,
at 163 i euuma st. .
LADY, MIDDLE-AGED, WANTS A PLACE I
as housekeeper. 1608 :-temer »v .
T\RES^MaKER, FIR.-T-Cl.Ae-3 FITTER,
XJ siyllsh draper and designer; thorough dress-
maker; by the a ay. 104 Grove st.
OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY;
»» 7Sc. city references. Ad. C. 8.. box 98, Call.
ANTED — WASHING, IRONING OR
»T housecleaninc by the day; good reference.
MRS. M. E. JIiXsKN, 8 Minna st., rear.
"V7-OUNG woman WISHES SIT 1 ation IN
X American famly; is a gocd plain cook and
baker; will do a small wash or would do chamber-
work: hotel or lodging-house; wages $15 to Szs.
713 Broadway.
OOD RELIABLE WOMAN WISH. A SlT-
uation to do general housework: is a good
cook and laundress. AdJress 421 c Natoma s;.
yOUXO SWEDISH WOMAN WITH A BABY
X like to do luh. housework in small family.
Please call a; 967 Mlnilon su
GERMAN GiRL WISHES POaITIOXTO DO
VJ" general housework in small family, call -'610
Suiter st.
RESPECTABLK WOMAN WANTS 81TUA-
XV tlon to do housework and cooking, no oi.Wc-
tloo to «hort d stance in the country; no trlliers ' '
need ii .ly. 138 Eleventh su
COMPETENT DRE^MAKER AND SEAM-
stress sews for tOe a day or %'i 60 a week. G.
F., box Ti, Call unic*: ■
\\r ANT ED-SITD ATION As HOUSEKEEPER
" in the country. 715 Howard St., room (IV.
MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
■LU a situation to do general housework: S8 to $10
a month; no postals: fare paid. 604 Howard st.
TWO SWEDISH GIRLS WISH 1O DO GEN-
erai housework. I.ease call a. It'i Ninth st.
SEWING WANTED -BOYfe 1 KNEE PANTS
only 25c: ail kinds of plain sewing neatly done;
very reasonable. C3U San Jose »ye.
TWO COMPETENT WOSiE.S WISH SITUA- !
i- t.oni; one is (irsl-cla -s cook; the other will do !
ciiamberwork and kewiug ur waning; best 01 re:-
erence. Call 15u5 Pine st.
IJEFINKD LADY WISHES POSITION AS
XV managing housekeeper in widower's home; no !
trifling w.uted. Call 1148 Suiter si., room 35. ;
third floor.
"DESPECTABLK WOMAN WANTS HI UA. I
-IV tion as cook or genera; housework: will fur- : <
vi.th the besi 01 re:Hiences. 708 Twenty -sixth at., j ■
near mii Pab.o avo., OakUiiO. :
ANTED —SITUATION BY AMERICAN I
>> lady «nd daughter an cook and waitress, or '
mot..er would accept situation as bongekeiper; '.
country pieierre 1. Z. 8., 2114 Klaice s'_, Berkeley. ;
LADY WAN 1 SITUATION AS NURSE AND
J seen stress, or will do second work: can fur. >
nish the best of references. 73.' Llndeu st-, Oak-
land.
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER FOR CAMP '
X rooking: by a rcsi» cable young woman: goo.l
cook and housekeeper. Call from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
126 fourth St., room 2. :
I^XPKRIENCED HOUSF.KKRPEK (WIDOW) ' '
XJ- want* work in widower's or bacheior'« Ii > se- i '
ho.d. with cb.ldren; country prti-rred. 88 Ninth ! '
St., room 17; hours 11 am to '.• p. M.
VEAT YOUNG OKRMAN GIRL WOULD
-Li line to do general hounewort in small family; :
city or country. Call at 007 Minna at., b«u bey- '
euth and Klgh.h. :
THIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WANTS |TO
J? go out oy the day; understands cutting and Hi- -
in; perfectly. Plea .c address MRS. FOKsTER,
1216V<j Powell s .
RESPECTABLK WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO
get a few unf jrnished rooms fora few hour
work every day in return as rcnu Call or address '
52 l'otrero aye. 9
SWEDISH UIHL WANTS SITUATION IN
private family to do cooking and general house-
work; can give best city reference; is compeieut '
and wl. ling to work. Apply 1021 app su
SITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
VJ wo ma ito do housework; city or country. Call ■
at 769 Minion su
TKONG SWEDISH GIRL WANTS HOUSE-
work. 901 Folsom st.
■\rOUNG COLORED GIRL WISHES bITUA
X tlon to do homework or take care of baby.
Addris* E. ii... box 16, Ca I Office.
"CURST-CLASS LAUNDRESS WISHES 81TU-
X atlon in private family: beat of references; city j
or country. AdJress or call 648 a 10 ma su
/"i O D GKR M A N (AUSTRI N) CO( X !
*T withes 8 tuatlon. Please call at 3977 Twenty-
fifth; take Castro- car.
JAPANESE HONEST YOUNG WOMAN
O wants situation to do boujework in the city.
Japanese Christian Ladies' Home, 1807 Larkln.
SWEDISH WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO Ah-
O kisi With housework or he in kitchen; 1 city or | ■
Oakland. Addrtss 442 ' 2 Jessie st.
pOMPETENT GERMAN COOK IN A HOTEL
V or private hoiMe « lsi.es a position. 148 Vis Sli- ,
verst.ne^r ourth.
"\roUNG SWI'S LADY.SPKAKINU FRENCH,
X German and Kngllsb. wants position as house-
keeper or in a family. 1219 Polk si.
■nKSPECTABLB.WOM > N. WISHES SITUA-
Xv tion to do any kind of housework or any kind
of cooking; city or country, 312 Va Clementina st.
WOMAN AND DA UGH . XX (16) WANT PO-
» ' sltlons m chnmbermaids In some respectable .
place. ii. .., 1125 McAllister st.
REFINED YOUNG LADY WANTS SITUA- I
XV tlon as seamstn-st or waitress. Address or '
call a. 664 V, Howard st.
DRKbSXAIcitJt FROM THE EA-T, FlRsT-
class cutter and fl.ter, wan s position as s- am
i st rest; terms mod era :e. sllt\ M., 642 -levensou.
XPER-.ENCKD DRKSSMAKKR WliHi-.K
work by the day oral home; aul.s $4. 816 Vi
Jessie st. off .Ninth.
\rOUNG GIRL WISHES POSITION TO DO
X light housework; sin. ill wages, with permission
to use piano, Cal> 28 .Minute st,.
13EFINED EASTERN WIDOW, EXPERI-
Xt i-iicpd housekeeper, desires a situation as
housekeeper: country preferred. 238 Kearny, r. 9.
L IRST-CLASS DRES-sMAKKR WOULD LIKE
r work for days. 1t35 Post su
xroxnso WOMAN WANTS a positi n AS
X wonting housekeeper; noirfl r« need answer.
Address K. It., lox 147, Call Office.
Vi IDOW FROM .NEW YORK WO! LIKE
'» a po ition as typewri:er. Call 167 Seventh
st., room 10, second floor.
■\V"ANTJhD, BY A COMPETENT WOMAN
• » place to do housework, cooking or downstairs
work ; no objection to large family. J. 11., box ;
105, Civil Office.
— — . : .
yOUSQ SWEDISH WOM V, WITH 3-YEaR-
X old buy, wishes housework; good cook and
laundress; best city references. Address O. P.,
box 148. this office.
YOUNG WIDOW, RECENTLY FROM THE
X East, nn'.s a p ace as liou*eki>erH:r 111 hot«l or
bachelor's home pieferrrO; city country. Room
2.2.3 tost hu • /
\i IDD..E-AGKD woman WANT»- position
I*l to do housework: kind to children; wages
moderaie. c.iy. 28 . ooih Park, off Ihlrd. .
CIO LARKIN- BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
I J.O CALL; nubicnpuucs kui nani adi uken.
* WANTKT>-Cc»TitfTiu».'l.
VOUNO WIDOW WANTS: A PLACE AS
-I- housekeeper; city or countrr. 122 Post st.,
room 2. •
"VTOUNG LADY, FORMERLY IX GO"D CIH-
| X'cumstanies. deiiires a lucrative position as
hous keeper; or will do gentlemen's mending.
I 120 Kills su, room 17. second floor; call after 12.
CUBsCKIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at bnincn office. 339 Hayes su;
open until U:3j o'clock.
WANT ADS AND -SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Tit k Call are taken at Branch Office, tooth-
west corner >lxteentn and Mission s a.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market: 200 rooms v.sc o »1 50" per nUht:
tl 60 to fb per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and ba. gage to and from tee ferry.
W COR. SIXTEENTH »T., NEAR MlS-
sion; branch office of Tilt Call. bub-
m rip: lons and w»»nt ads t»ken. " !
SITUATIONS WANTED , MALE.
p ERMAN, GOOD DRIVER AND GARDFN-
VT er. can milk and has Al references, wishes
situation. Address ANDRE'S, 315 Stockton si. ;
te.ephone 1304.
HUNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
XX employment office, removed to 6141& Califor-
nia su. near Kearuy. 'lei. main 231.
pHINESK AND JAPaNESK EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 411^. O'FarrelL Tel. fc. 426.
JAPANESE INT.-.LL.GkXCK AGENCY. R.
90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.: tel .- am 6234.
pHINESK & J. 3 i-an h S.E; KsT'D 20 YKAHS;
! Vhclp;u>Lmalnl997. BRADLEY AC .640 Clay
SITUATION WANTED ON RANCH BY
0 man an 1 wife: so children: man understands
all about orchard and vineyard; also good team-
ster: wife good cook and housekeeper. Address
A., box 70, Call Office.
C COMPETENT MAN TO CARE AND DRIVE
"-- horses; good plain garde ■<■!■, can milk; bandy
with tools: best of references. Address compe-
tent, box 9, Call Office.
HORTICULTURIST AND ORCH \RDIST OF
XJ. long experience in r ising trees, prunlni;, cul-
tivating ana irrigating, wishes position at f reman
o.i fruitf. rm. Address A. 8., Lox 16, ca.l Office.
. :
"VrOUNG MAN WANTS JOB AS PLUMBER,
X or will work as partner on shares. Apply 48
Sacramento su
OOQ HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
000 TBK call; aubscrlp'.lous and 'wane ads
taken.
"yOUNO MAN WANTS A SITUATION AS
-1- ni . -hi watchman. Ad re. 9 3 Howard st
V OUNG max 18 WANTS TO drive dkliv-
X cry of any kind: knows city well: can give ref-
erence. Address .49 Fifth «L, flat 2.
ANDY JAPANESE WANTS POSITION As
janitor, or would wo k in shop or factory:
speaks good English. F. M., 10 central place, off
Pine st.: with best recommendation.
. \y ANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGE ' AMERICAN.
" with reference*, p. ace ai gardener about pri-
vate place, horse's, cow, etc.: haudy with tools.
Address KarnesU 224 Seventh St.
t*>7 MONTGOMERY, CO. .NEK Ob' CLAY—
*J*~ I open una 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken,
CJOA BONUS FOR POSITION AS BOOK-
<? — '■' keeper, assiktanU shipping clerk, clerk in
wholesale house; city reference. Address 1140
Valencia st.
4 MARKET ST.-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
youxG mas from new y«>rk wishes
X work at pap-rhanglng, trameniaklng: also un-
derstands bookkeeping. Y. O. V., box 74, CalL
IRvr-CL \RS Hi>RS!.-BHOER AND BLACK-
smith wants situation. Apply 191 --hlpley sU
4 MARKET BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
ANDY JAPANESE WANTS POSITION AS
janitor or would work in shop or factory:
sneaks good English, F. M., 10 Central place, off
Plue su; with best recommendation.
WINCHESTER HOUsK, 44 THIRD r»T.. NX.
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to Cl 50 per night:
tl 50 to 56 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BRANCH OFFICE OFTHKCALU 1»7 NINTH
XJ st. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HMAI l HELP WANTED.
NURSEGIRI.AN'D -EAMiTiIE- :, $15: SEC-
; Xi ouu girl, $20; second elrl, $15: girl, Pierce st.,
' $15; girl, Filimore si., $15: girl, Jaihgon su, $16;
Ctrl, Livertnore, $16: girl, McAllister si.. $16: girl,
Broderick at., $16; girl, uough St., $18; girl, Web-
ster St., $ 5: girl, : Ucary -t.. *16: gir., CFarrell
St.. $15: •JHyoiinj girls. $8. $10 and $12 per
ran tii to assist, etc., in nice families. MARTIN'S,
749 Marke. St.
waitresses, $4 A week: si wait-
*-' resses. S'J), do Sunday work, 6 hours' work,
see party here 3 p. if. : •£ waitresses, $15
and . room; cook, $12 per month,
few sons; Dan. ry- woman, $16 and room,
cnnmbermald, $J0: •* wul resse« city. $20 and
room; wa tress, 95 » »nek. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
GIRL, GE KY ST., $20: GIRL, WEBSTER
St.. $20; girl. Kills si . $2U; girl, Octavia st..
*2); girl, Ninth St.. $20: tirl. Howard si., $20;
girl, l-..ir (.aks si.. $20: girl. < >rtavu su, $25; girl,
Franklin st , $20; girl. Vailejo St., $20: girl, Web-
ster su. $26; gin. stelnerst.. $20; girl. Lombard
aw, $20: ri. t.uuKti St., (25: lauiily ccok, $.0.
MARTIN'S, 74b M.rkctst.
/ • tP.SIAN G IKL, GEARY ST., $20; GERMAN
'1 gin. Ellis a:., $20: German girl, Howard su,
$20. German glrf, Fair Oaks hi,. $20: German girl.
Ottav.u st., $ 6: German girl. Vallejo, (10: Ger-
man girl, Lombard 5... $20; uer»<au girl. Wash-
iogton st . *-.'5: German girl, >lllmoru st., $30.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market at.
Q HOUSEKKEI'KRS, $10 AND $12 A MONTH.
O MARTIN'S 749 Market bU
HEAD WAIIRESts $25 AND ROOM. MAR-
.TIN'S, 749 Market st.
GIRL' OR WOMAN FOR PANTRY WORK,
$16 and room. MAKTI.N'S, 749 Market »t.
(* IRL CARE 2 CIIILDREN..SIS; SEE I'auTY
VJ 10 to 12. MAtITIN' , 7*9 Market si. •
HOUbEK - EPEH, $15. Sh.E PARTY 10 TO 12.
MARTIN'S, 74s* Market St.
COOK AND SECOND GIKL, $40 AND $45.
MaKTIN'-s .49 Market su
NE VT YOUNG GIRL. LIGHT WORK, $12.
x> MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter su
WAITRESS, $26, PRIVATE FAMILY. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Su.ter su
\TKAT GIRL, HOUsEWOKK. 2 IN FAMILY.
i.l $25. MISS CULLEW, 323 suiter si.
*
QEAMSTRKSS, $25: SECOND GIRL, $25;
O ntirs '. $JU, mtiit wear cap. MISs LULLED
323 Sutler 8U
"VfEAT IRISH GIRL AS COOK, $30. MISS
i.l CULLEN, 323 duitbr st. .
jJEFI.NED GERMAN SECOND GIRL AND
J I sew, $2U: no sweeping or hard work MISS
CULLhN, SSs»-aU« st.
[ •VTE..T WO.MAM FOR COOKING ANDHOU6E-
i.I work. American family, country, $20; see
party i.ere; ranch cook, $20; youun nurse girl,
city, etc. M tvMAY & hKADY. Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOUSEKKEPKR, COUNTRY, $10. MISS
XX CULLKN. 32.« Sutler St.
IfRENCH SECOND GIRL, $25. MISS CUL-
-1 LEN, 323 Sut erst. • \ : r:s 
LMUNCH OR GERMAN GOVERNESS, $25:
JT inns understand music. MISS CLLLE.V, 023
Sutlers'- ■
T AUNDRESS, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUT-
: xj lei si.
PRt ITESTAXT LADY NOT OVER 35 YEARS
of age to act as nurse and governess to three
children: country; *25 »nd found; ref.-reices. see
p«r.y here al la o'i:o:-k 10-day. MDRKaY &
HEADY, Loading Emp.oyment Agents, 634 and
636 I lay si. '-•»..'"] . •
SCANDINAVIAN LAUNDRESS PRIVaTjs
lam lv, Menlo Park, see pnrty here to-dar,
$26; chambermaid, city, $15: 2 treats
boa dins-house, for same place, $)5: cook In a
small place. *20: nuise^irl. $15: Bin fir institu-
tion,' near cl y, $15: 4 tirl*. housework, $20 8
grls, housevor*, $10 and $15. I. K. HaNsEN &
CO., 110 <>«?ary si.
GERMAN NURSE, $M<, 5 COOKS IN GER-
\J man and American families, $25 and $30;
German or Scandinavian lauudrtsi nd chamber-
maid, *2J (ienn;in c aiiib-rina d, $20; restau-
rnnt waitress, $26, and a large numoer of girl*
for cooking aua housework. J. F. CROSETT A
i.O. 31« butter SU
W 1 " ANTED— FIRST-CLASS COOK, GERM
ii style. candluavianlau dies*. 830: cook.
$-5; Geim.:n sin. country, *20: French • 00k.525:
girls for housework L ON A. \DKE.aIS Stockton.
HERMAN INFANT'S NURSE, $26: ONE
'' cook. r<-st«nrani; liermHii or Swedish ■ cook
and w:ish $25; woman for in -tltuiion, -hort dis-
lance. *16; 1 » young -rirls, housework. $20. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason su
TWO UPSTAIRS GIRLS. $12 AND $15: 2
uursrcirli, $12. tidi number of o;her . MRS.
H1RD.721 . l.Usu
YOUNG WOMAN TO WASH NAPKINS. 612
X Keiirny st. j
ST.. 0N.., CAPABLE GIKL FOR GENER \ L
bouse-Aorc; must be a good cook. 210 Ninth.
TIT A NTED - TAILORE6S ON GENERAL
it work. 338 Geary st]|ggjgg
GIRL OR MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
housework. 122J Stockton su
ITEI.F WA\TED-Contlnn..l.
OFFICE fEE REDUCED 25 CENTS; IRLS
oi all nationalities wanted to fill various posi-
tions, 3*raian l-.mpioyment Office. 30tf Mason st.
pEKINED NORTH GERMAN GIRL, LADY'S
-I* maid, $20. German i.ruploymeut Office,. 306
Mason st. -
A 1 CUTTaR AND FITTER; AiUSl' BE ABLR
■£*■ to lake mil charge of iir3i-c ass dressmaking
establishment; stale fui; partknlars. Address
C. C box 12:», Call Cfflce.
TV KAT YOUNG *.IRl> FOR - GENERAL
-L' housework; 4 In family; plain co kin.- and
washing. NE. cor. Twtnty-lifih and Fair Oats.
RESI'KCTABi,K, COMPETENT GIRL FOR
general housework; If suited, steady pa c:
wages «15. Apply" 32.1 Brlgzs aye., Alameda, ;
Hlgh-st. siatfon, narrow gauge.
SW DISH GIRL; G K.NERAL HOUSEWORK :
goo lcoo» ; neat; reliable: references; Ameri-
can lanilly. 1703 <iongh, 9to li.
"I ADIESTOSELL M' SICAL PUBLICATION:
Xj good pay; permanent. M., box 111, all.
WANT D-FOR THE COUNTRY, X LIABLE
»' cook: small lamily; call 9to 12. 1900 V\ ash-
ingto i st. . .
\\r anted— tailor AND tailoresses
" on custom coats. 1306 Market st.
LEw LADIIiS TO ENGAGE IN a GOOD-
X paying business: must deposi'. $5 as guarantee
of good fain Call at 905 Market su, room 65,
bet. 10 a. K. and 2 p v.
WMaN FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
3891 Twenty-fourth st.
\y"ANTKD-AN APPRENTICE ON CUSTOM
» » coats; steady place. 966 Folsom st.
Gihl wanted assist light house-
work sleep uome. 3456 Seventeenth st.
EXPERIENCED APPRENTICE WANTED
1-i to help on coats. 461 Jessie st.
U ANTED- A CLEAN GIRL TO DO HOUSE-
"fork; country: $10 montn;, steady home.
239 Post St., room 12.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON FLAN-
nt?i oversbircs and underwear. i.EVI
bTUAUSB <fe CO., 32% Fremont M
T EARN DRESSCUTTING AND MILLINER
.IJ9I per week; unlimited lessons: • patterns
Joe. McDowell Dressmaking School, t>36 Market.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPEUTABLK;
. .„. Wln chester House, 44 Third st. near Mark«:
-iOO rooms: 25c to *1 5J per night: $1 60 to $tl
per week: free 'bus and bar sac; « to and from ferry.
WANTED— 10 YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
»» barber trade: shop to open May L Particu-
lars call iaBV^ Eighth st., S. F. Barber College.
£1 C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THB
U - Ltj ' Call: subscriptions and want. ads. taken.
"L> LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
J Academy. 14 McAllister st.: $1 a week.
T AWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THK
■l-J only reliable place for patterns; every one
tuaranteed to be perfecr. 3231 Market su
m NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
Thk Call: subscription and want ada
taken. ...■_-.. -_ v -
MALE HELP wanted.
2 waiters, $15 AND ROOM; waiter,
120 and room; waiter, $9 a week: lunch cook.
$7 a week; nlcht cook, $8 a week; night cook, $7
a week: German cook, small place, $35 and
room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market su
BUTLER, $40. MISS CULLEN. 32 3 SUTTER
street.
AN AND WIFE, $36. MISS CULLEN, 823
Sutler st. y.
MAN AND WIFE, WITH A DAUGHTER, for
lil the mines. $60: farmhand and milk, $15: har-
ness repairer: wo dchopper, on shares, R. T.
WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
PASTRY COOK FOR A COUNTRY HOTEL.
X $40 and found: 3 cooks, *. 0. $40 and $fO: 3
waiters, $25 and $30: walte<, restaurant work.
$30 and found: 2 dishwashers. MtBRAY &
RE f'Y. Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st. ;
JAPANE.-E COOK, $40 AND FOUND. COUN-
-0 try hotel : baker, country hotel, $40. MURRAY
& READY. Leading Employment Agenis, 634
and 6 Jti Clay st.
L'ORKM >.N FOR A GRAIN RANCH, $50;
r foreman for a vineyard and orchard, see b 'Ss
here o-day early: 4 farmers, $20; 3 milkers, $20;
sheepberaer, near city. MURRAY <£ KEADY,
leading Employment Agents, 634 nud 636 Clay.
VAKMER WHO CAN DRIVE 6 HORSES;
1 near city: **0 and found. C. R. HANsEN it
CO., 110 Geary su
f\ O LoRED HEAD WAITER. HOTKL, $40.
V C. R. HAN BEN A CO., 110 Geary au
WA.NTHD — BOOKKEEPER AND SALKS-
ii man for wholesale l:quor-bonse; shop butcher;
6 quariz miner), $3 a day; engineer lor mine, $75;
blacksmith. *3 60 a day; teamster. $30;- and
others. Apply to J. F. CROscTT & CO., liO
HKHWMBtOM.
QUARTZ MINERS, $3 A DAY; 2 GOOD
biushmakers; also farmers, teamsters, milkers,
cio..s, Mat. en, dishwashers, etc U. D. EWER
& CO., 626 « lay st.
wanted- men TO go WHALING; -NO
ii exuerleDce r quired. Apply at onca at L.
LEV i 'a clothing store, NE. corner Battery ana
Jackson sis.
L IRSI-CLASS CABINET-MAKER. GEORGE
X KNEA^sS>, 718 1 him st.
COMPETENT BOOKKKE ER: MUST HAVE
VJ a i references. 8.. box 111 this office.
SH'»WCARD AND SIGN LETTER Kit WANT-
ed: also assistant (lhdy) to paint flowers, etc.,
lor large retail establishment; Bia:e salary. Ad-
dress, with specimens, E M. P., box 150, Cull.
WASTED — FIRST-CLASS SHOEFITTER;
M cowl job for rlijßl man. Address Snoeiitter,
bjx 15, Call Office.
. _^^___
TT'XPERIKNCED ADVERTISING SOLICII OR:
Hi news and horn a weekly: salary ana commis-
sion. M. X., box 111, I all office
ANTED— XPEHIENCED YOUNG MAN
to distribute job types: saury $5 a w e-:; send
' your name ana address. Type, box 4), Call Office.
U RT-ORDER COOK; RESTAURANT. 206
McAllister s".
\\T ANTED— TWO KARBKRS FOR SATUR-
TT day. 606y a Howard st.
\\r ANTED - FIRST-CLASS WAITER. 15
i* Stockt> n st.
ARBERS, ATTENTION— S4OO WORTH OF
furniture, with 2 billiard tables, on account of
departure. $225.' Address E. Bo AN ARUKL, Stan-
fora University.
BOY WANTED IN PHOTOGRAPH GAL-
lery. Call 1319V4 Larfcin st.
I . OOTBt.A«.K-STAN*D FOR SALE. 3 MXTH
I su: inside s iop.
\\TANI ED— A MAN TO RENT OR BUY A Cl-
ii gar-stand. Apply SIC corner 24th a .d Folsom.
ANTED— RENT BARBKR-sHOP, HO-
tel or country. A. B. C, Yosemite House,
Market St.
GOOD SCHEME: MAN WITH $1000 CAN
make big money. D., box 162, Call. ■ .
OR SALE— BARBER-SHOP; FINE LOCA-
tlon. Apply 2 Sixth K.
ARBER WANTS PARTNER: OLD STAND;
German preferr.-d, or will sell all.' Call 122
Seventh st.
BARBER WANTS PARTNER WITH SMALL
amount money. Address A. 8.. box lt>s. Call.
; : ; i
WANTED— TRAVELING SALESMAN. EX-
»T perleuced In the wooden, willow, tin and bar I
ware linos Address Traveler!, box 96, this office,
giving reference.
FEW ENEKGETIC MEN TO ENGAGE IN A
good, paying business; must deposit * 6 asguar-
i>n:ecof good fai h. all at 905 Marke. St., room
55. between 10 a 11. find -I p M.
FOR --ALE-AN ELKGANT TWO-CHAIR
barber-shop; near Market; a real bargain; only
$60; good reason for se.llnic. 12 Ha, es 'st.
L>ELIABL- B.)Y, AUK 16: UNDERSTAND
IV grocery business; references. 0., box 17, Call
Office . /
■V\rANTED— STEADY. RELIABLE MAN FOR
" posUion in country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m, 9 Geary, room '£.
SHOEMAKERS WANTED N T MEN'S NEW
shoe* and repairing. £02 Fifth st.
/CIRCULAR SAWYER WANT 3 WORK. \N-
\J swer to J. DO(JEHT, 550 -Mission sfc -. . .
\\, ANTED. TOCOLLECrWAGE^ DUE LABOR-
• i ersAcleiks KNOX Collection A(Cy, 110 suiter.
A NTED— MI N TO CANVASS ON* AN EN-
ii Ur.'ly new and money making business: Cum-
mlss.on and salary If desired: call Lei. ween 2 and 4
p. m. 166 . ifth U.
ECHANIC WANTED TO BUY CYCLERV
i*l gun and bicycle repair-shop fur $150; good
bnslness fur ilitle price; in the county-seat to>»n:
40 miles from big city. A. M., box 97. this office.
WANTED— CANVASSERS IN THE CITY
tt and siatr> to sell lots in the ci;y of Stockton;
liberal commission: lots will sell readily. Address
C, box 148, 1 his office. .
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
mud* to order, $2 60. Vts9 Howard, nr. Sixth.
JOURNEYMEN UARi.KKa' X.M PLOY Mil i
«*<*retarr U. BKKNARD. 103 M>ventn *:.
C I N G LK FURNISH ROOMS: 15cA NIGHT:
O ?5c tveetc. Llndell House. Stx;n and Howard.
AKBKHS- ART SHAVING PARLORS FOR
•ale. 1356 Market at. .
PjrT.P WANTED-Cnnttnn^.
KECRUITS WANTED KOB THE U. S. MA-
Krin- corps, V. & Navy-Able-bodied unmar-
ried men Keen the ages of 21 and So years
who are citizens of the . United S.ates. or those
wco have .egally declared .heir Intention to be-
com- such: mus' be of good character an, habits
and able to speak, .cad and write English and be
between 6 feet 5 Inched and 6 feet in heiehu For
iurtner information apply at the Recruiting office,
20 Klli-j st.. San Francisco. Cal.
4 1. MERCHANT TAILO : CUTTER; BIG
-A. salary to proper man. Apply to CC , box 96,
this office. . ■
OARBERS— FOB EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
13 P. c Barbers' Assn. S. FtH HS 326 ant aye.
1 A OIKS' AND GENTS' MISFIT HOES
1j bojglst and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-hand shoes fcrsa.e; large stock; shoes made
to order: bes stock; work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing 749 Mission, near Grand upera-honse.
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
mor some simp thing to tent? I rotect your
ide ihev may bring you wealth. Wilt« JOHN
WEDDERRUKN & CO., Dept L, Patent Attor-
neys. Wa&binzton. D. C, for their 91300 prize
offer and new list of 10C0 inventions wanted.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTION^ FOR
»" 1 Tek Cam, are taken at Branch u-lce. south-
nest corner Sixteenth and Mission sis,
ELCHO HOUsk, 863Va MARKET ST.— HOOM3 \
XJ 20c, 26c to 60c night; $1 10 $2 weetc
O'O, MISSION — SLBSCKIPTIONS AND
— — ' • want ads taken for THK CALL.
L>K*T IN CITY— SINGLE ROuMS, la. 20 AND
X> 25 cents per night: $1, $1 -.'5. $1 50 per weelc
Pacific House, Commercial aud l.eidesdorfi sis.
11 (* NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE 'OF
XXU Thk Call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
1 KI'KSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
1 > all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night; $1 26 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, Manager.
L>OOMSISoTO 75oPis.R NIGHT: 60C TO »x
XX) per week. Oriental, 225 Drnmm sc
'|IKY ACME HOUSK. 957 MARKET ST.. B_-
X low etxth. for a room; lie a night: 91 a wee*.
I f\l\ MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 10c. 15a
1"" and *JOe a nlgnu including coffee ana roll*.
L 24 Washington su, near Kearu>-.
9^9K MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
*_«J«jU Tux Call;. Bubscriptlons and want ads
taken.
\kf ANTKD— LABORERS AjND MECHANICS
•• 10 know that Ed KoUin. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150
large rooms; 25c per nlgnt; 91 10 9'S per week.
"DOSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
XV nished rooms, '.'oc to 25c night. $1 to $1 50 wk.
E Simon wants 100 Mr.N to oet BOT-
. tie beer or wine 6c; best free lunch. 643 Clay.
WANTED— BINGL_ BOOMS, 15c A DAY: 91
week: rooms for 3, 25c a day. $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
W' INCHEBTEK HOUSE, 44 TBIKD ST., NB,
Marce:: 200 rocms, 25a a night: reading-
room: tree bus and baggage to and lrom the ferry.
WANTED, YOUR SHOES —WK REPAIR
shoes np to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Idr through the day can have their snoes repair*-!
at night while you wait: ladies' soling, 35c; mea'i
tollng, 60c; fine shoes made to order irom $2 op:
we have a lot of eho*« been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth' their value, from 250 up ta
92 50. htti Mission »v. bet. First st. and Second is.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— BRYAN'b BOOK, "THE FIRST
Battle." Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WHITAKER & RAY COMPANY. 723 Market st,
1 — — — —
MONEY, WANTED.
©O^Afl WANTED FOR TWO YEARS ON
ig)£.O\J\J property worth $6000: will pay 8 per
cent. Address a, w>x 70, Cail office.
WANTED-BIISCELLANEOTJS.
ANTED— BUY SOME SECOND-HAND
: '» nickel-in-the-slot machines. Apply this morn-
lnc, room 45. 1015 Market st.
WANTED— A RAT - TERRIER DOG. 17
Washington st.
TV" ANTED— A NICK, NEAT YOUNG MAN,
'» between 18 and 22, as a room-mate: willllkely
remain for severa mouths; mure a companlo'a
than anything else; no rent. Address T. M. A..
box 164, Call Office. '
THIRTY OR THIRTY-FIVE FOOT SLOOP OR
scnoooer. Address BUTTON, IIBB Mis-
sion st. v.; ; V '
ANTED-SSOO ON FIRST MOKTG AGE OR
partner ou £8000 property. Particulars 412
Natuma at. . . ,
C»»'rk BONUS WILL BE PAID TO ANY ONE
KP ■ \f securing position for \oung lady in store
or office Address W. \\\, box 61, Call Office.
BUILDINGS HOUUUT; • LUMBER, HASHES*,
XJ doors, mantels, etc, for sale. 1163 Mission si.
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTH Ai \ij JEW-
eiry to a. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at.: vend postal.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB '
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the I
United States or Canada one year for SI 50, post-
a&e free.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
OA-ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET $1400
O\f 22- room house, only $ 400
65 rooms, cor... 3,0001 14 rms on Sutter. 70J
11 rs., must sell 20u 66 rms, best city. 3,500
H. C. DECKi-.R, 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth.
Or RMS: ELEGANT: N. MARKKT $2000
—c) 30 rooms; north; great b<r«aia $050
16 rooms; ceu.ral; gool furniture $325
UN DE WOOD <t CO , 765 Market st.
TVTICELY FURNISHED HOUSE OF 23
■Li rooms; reason for selling, eavingcity. 216 Vi
Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSE, 704 HOWARD, COR. 3D;
J J 32 rooms; furnished. 1020 Market st.
H ROOMS: NK\v FURNITURE; FULL OF
-L*± roofers: offer wanted. 402 Geary st.
Q'QQ HAVES-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
| ijijrj (all: KUhscriptions and want adi taken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
■RETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS;
XV must cose out slock in 30 days: brussels car-
pet, 42^0 yard; floor oilcloth. 18c; mat Ing, 7a
yard: bedroom sets, 3 pieces. *9 i/0: 4-room fur-
niture outfit, $66. SHIREK & SHIREK. 747
, MarKet st , opp. Gran', a ye.
MONKY-RAISING * ALE— SO DAYS ONLY t
Eedroom sets, 3 pieces ....$9 50
Solid oak dining chairs 75c
4-room furniture outfit. $67 50
i Brussels carpet, laid 55c yard
SHIrtKK & sIiIKEK, 747 Market sl, oppo*it«
Grant aye.
L-OR FURNITURE AND CARPETS
f of 4 housekeeping room-.; make an offer. C.
R, box 74. Call Office.
VI RNIIURE OF 4 ROOMS FOR SALE;
X ch>ap. «16 Via Pierce St., rear.
VOR SALE-2 FOLDING-BEDS, BUREAU.
X Call morning. 1406 Hyde st. • :■' •>
T J* J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOX
lowest prices on household roods: new ef sooJ
is new: ens or on time: onen even Ins*.
FURNITURE WANTED.
I^URViTURE. MOVES. CARPETS. COUN-
ters. showcases. ANDERSON, 1 121 Market.
If you WANT Guou pricks FOR furni-
tnr? an.l merchanalse see BURP, all Larwla.
HIGHER PRIC« THAN ANYWHERE PAIU
XI by lniiia> ■ Auction 1 0.1057 M»rkei.opp.Jooei
CARPET CLEANING.
pARPETS CI EASED, RENOVATED LIKE
V Dew J. McQUEEN, 4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.225.
CITY STEAM » ARPEI CLEANING WORKS
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. SI EVEN A
Mir. 38 and 40 i Igluh St.; telephone South 250.
\\! JIKN V U BtCoMK Dl.-UUSTEO WITH
'» poor work send toSPAULDING'S PloneerCar-
pet-beating Works. 353-57 Tenama St.; tel. So. 4J.
pARPET-fLEANING, 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
\J samples fie«: tel. jcssie 944. Strattoi, 38th st.
ADVANCE C A RPET-CLEAN CO., 402
A Sutter: tel. Main 394. GEO. WaLi oil, prop.
7 WATTS,, reliable carpet-cleaniug renovte. aiter-
O . ation works. 40» McAllister, let J> ssie 821.
CARPETS CLEANED KENOVATf D LIKB
V^new. 23 Tenth; I*l. i-outh 3& Mackintosh Co.
JE. JiricHf.Ui,CAi;i'vi < - l UiAMV., co.
. V4O 14th su ; ileanin,- 3c a yard. Til. Mi«. 74,
, X ;: IN .'"* <■ A R P .-. I - BE AT I WOKKs
\J 33J C.olden Gam nve. Telephone Kasl IjG.
BICYCLES.
9'J-INCH PHCENIX BICYCLE; NEARLY
— O new: $.2 50 921U;Capps:. LV .
<ft4*\ -BEN-HUR," BRA D NKW- REOU*-
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN K. iiICHARD\ LAW OFiICKs. HOOSH
j
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HIGHEST CASH PRICE-> PAID F >RFURNI-
XX tnre, restaurant, saloon fixtures *nd eror-rr
I stocKs. STENBEKG 632 Market; tel. main 1043.
I -•—
i <E»H,fifi butchek-shop;. uoou loca-
I lipuV/U, iion; finely fitted up: ca<h r*>gntcT:^^
horse and wagon; clea s $100 a month: see thi«^
bargain. STENBEhG A CO., 632 Market st. )
QOXn B Si KOUTK I. CITY; CLEARS
<rOO\J. *100 per month: trial civen; sacrificed
account of depa ture. sTENBERG, 6/12 Market.
i;«)(in MfL K DEPuT AND DAIRY; GOOD
«3P_jUV.». location; low rent. SiENBERG, 632
Market.
©4A() RKSTAURANT; N'KAE RAI ROAD
t[rtl\/i . dppot; large number re ul»r boarders:
neat, a tr-ic iv place: compulsorr suit exchange.
fo. real estate. STE.\Bt-R<i C 0.," 6 'i Market, st.
GfcQ^H SALOON: KLEGAnTLYFITED: 1
V. O*JV'. bock north of Market St.; low rent:
stocked with fine liquors, cigars, etc.; private
looms: owner huso; tier business: make* bis sac-
r flee; Investigate this. STJ-.NBERG. 632 Manceu
ffljOCn BRANCH BAKKRY, CANDY AND
tJT_.UU. variety store: living-rooms; «nely lo-
cated: dc ing a rroH able business; a bicb rgaln.
A. S. LESS, 1032 MarK a st.
(&J^A SALOON WITH 11 ROOMS, 1 UK.VI.
(JpTtlU. niture Included; oest location north of
Market; presen owner In >ame ace 15 years;
present owner hns another business in the country.
A. S. LES-. 103-' Market si. *
©7nA GROCfc-RY AND BAR NORTH OP
ijp I \I\J. Market: 4 living-rooms: rent only $25;
present owner there 6 years; bi- bar trade; o:her
business causes sa:e. A. S. Lr.ss, 1032 Market.
tfh<l/''rv CORNER WH'iLESALi; AND HE-
ijZDt)l'. tail wine and liquor business: old-es-
tablished place: doing fine business: cheap rent:
owner' ■ attention required in other manufacturing
business; must sell. A. S. LESS, 103 Market su
Gf>(>f\(\ - BRANCH BAKKKY. STATIONERY
«JpUUw. and school supplies: good location:
l.vinz-rooms, furniture included; near a school;
good, steady business. A. a .IESS, 1032 Market.
cn Af\(\ SALOON, N. OF MARKET; 4 FINE
«Ir^lV/V/. furnished rooms: kitchen; >toreroorus:
fine stock: best location; cheap rent; greatest bar-
ghin ever offered; ow.er has other large interests.
A. S. LESS, 1032 Market st.
<Bl9P\fi SALOON; FINELY STOCKED AND
»iP — oU. tilted up; on prominent business street;
owner going to Alas<a; must sell; big bargain.
A. & LH.SS, 1032 Market st.
RESTAUKANTANDC FFEE SALOON ; OPP. ,
XV depot; 9175. DECKER. 1020 Market st. 1
<5t 1 (\l\f\ solid.growinumanufactur- ,
«]? • \J\J\J. ing business: only one on the Pacific
coast: the city of San Francisco has used large
quantities of the goods; lar c profits, established
trad with ware-stores: the business taucht
and a 111 1 running plant included: owner* going
Kast. . Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
FOR SALE — WELL-ESTABLISHED DRY
goods and notion business In Modesto, Cal.:
capital required, about $3000; splendid oppor-
tunity for spring: good reason for selling. Apply
to NATHAN BISTERS; Modesto.
FOR SALE ATA SACRIFICE— UPHOLSTER-
XV Ing-store in good location. 3001 Twenty-fourth
St., cur. Harrison.
FOR SALE— GOOD CORNER STORE AND
cigar stand: cheap. 516 y a Geary si.
OR SALE CHEAP- A PAYING RESTAU-
rant. 654 Mission at.
WANTED— PARTNER IN GOO U-PA VINO
downtown business. 717 Mission st.
ffljQOrt SALOON: DOING NICE BUSINESS;
«IrCv»V7. fine location; nicely fitted: fine range
for lunch; patent beer pumps: owner leaving city;
a bargain. UNDERWOOD & CO.. 765 Market st.
"LOR SALE— CITY DRUGSTORE IN THICKLY
X inhabited section; $200: sacrifice: fine stand
for physician. Apply to LaNG.I>E V & MICHAELS
CO., 34-40 First st.
HALF INTEREST IN A GOOD- PAYING
saloon; flue chance f r a business man: part-
ner going to Europe. Inquire in office,
PARTNER IN AN ESTABLISHED BUSI-
— ness; must be sober and energetic; references
exchanged; small cap tal required. 1041 Valencia.
fljOAft FOR HALF-INTEREST IN MANU-
<a«v" facturtng business. Apply 328 Bush St.,
room 4.
"11" ANTED- PARTNER IN BAKERY: CEN-
*» trally located. For particulars call at 113
Oak st.
LOON; OWNER 6 YEARS IN SAME
place. Apply Anchor Brewery, 14i>l I'aciflc.
STORE WITH 8 LIVING-ROOMS: ELEGANT
location for business. 406 I'ourlh su
FOR GROCERY-STORE AND BAR;
4 U vine-rooms; rent cheap. Apply Call Ollice.
I CC] MISSION — SALOON. - DOING GOOD
I \JtJX business, for sale; cheap; good reasons.
"DESTAUHANT; SEATS 50; PRIVATE
XV rooms: do! a a good business; si-class run-
ning oner; acrot-s from depot; ilving-tooms:
elec.ric li his; lar^e French m cc: pr. sent owner v
6 years made money to buy ranch: must move on
It; chance for you to do same. N., box 44, Call.
CjXnrj DRY GOODS, MEN'S FURNI
j t£OVV. goods, notions: splendid fixtures, cheap
I rent; living-rooms; good business; noazeuts. Ap-
j ply Ca.l Office.
! QTATIONERY-STORE— OLD, GOOD-PA
O place; nice for woman to make a good livinz
Inquire Call office. s'*;.
fi?9^n ■ SALOON; ON BUSIEST STRKET
«IT — *J\J. north of Market; cheap rent and in-
surance, lea.c, etc.: no agents. Inquire Call Office.
T> RA NCH BAKERY AND DELICA CV STORE:
XJ mus besuid: living-rooms; nice sunny yard*
no agents. 340 Fourth st. ' *
TO LET— A COALY ESTABLISHED 9
ye rs: finest place in thecitv; no opposition;
6 stalls: scale, etc.; rent tS. 1915 i/ 3 McAllister.
LOR SALK — LAUNDRY OFFICE, CIGARS,
X tobacco, etc. B 8., box 88, Call Office.
IpOR SALE-FINELY FURNISH KD HOUSE;
10 rooms; all tented; cheap. 518 Taylor st.
T3ESTAURANT FOR SALE; GOOD place
Xv lor man and wife: cheap. Apply 324 Lark in.
ANTED— PARTNER IN FINE PAYING
business. Particulars 539 California st.
Q> IHA OLD-ESTABLISHED • SALOON,
tg) I VJKJ. with 5 living-rooms. Inquire 911 Fol-
som st.
IT OR SALE CHEAP— A PAYING PRODUCK-
X store on Fifth street. Call 427 Front au
SALOON FOR SALE. INQUIRE McLEOD <_
HATIE, 515 Market st.
IGAR-STOKE AND LAUNDRY OFFICE ON
Market st. ; cheap. Inquire Call Ofilce.
GOOD CHANCE TO INVEST IN A PAYING
manufacturing business: entirely new. Ad-
dress Business, box 67. Call Office.
I?IRST-CLASS SALOON, CHEAP: SALE AC-
X count of sickness. Call 119 Olive aye.
"\TuUNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post su
A\E OF THE BEST MILK ROUTES IN ALA-
V/ meda • county for sale; run by present owner
for 12 years; sickness cause of selling. Address
A. T. NEWTH, box 1140, Alameda, or at ranch
at Fitch barg. v
9f>«)C MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND I
_.U_.U want ads taken tor Thk Call. fl
T ATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN '
XJ veation. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
CITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIS
office. ;■>_., •,•>,,
A NIMATO6COPK— PKOJKCTINO LIVING
-X pictures. Anlmatoscope, 933 Mrkt., 7th floor.
"VTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
X^l close to tan Francisco. For particulars apply
thlsofflc*.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER WANTh D FOR LARGE TOBACCO
X plantations, with $350,000 capital cash at .iis-
sal: «r' ferencei "changed. Address A., box 93,
this cflice. ■ . *  . . ~
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS. ,
Q9O HAnBsOMK; EQITAI] TO SEW,
<P-.W. latest style White sewing-machine; at-
tacnments complete; cause, departure. 812 a Ftl-
D6Tt St* ■ . . ■
TAiGE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
XJ bank saf-; chta .. 8 Mission st.
"T'KESH MILCH COW AND CALF: CHEAP,
-•- 923 Fell st.
Rational cash register cheap at
-i-^ meat markei. 1105 Mission st.
HAND LALNDi.Y MACHINE-; NEW AND
second-hand; tools supp led, etc. 766 Bryant
1 • ARS, BACK BARS. MIRRORS. ! SHOW-
*•' cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture
More and office iurnitur- and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. N« ONAN, 1017-1019-^o^l-lOii
Mission »,., above Sixth.
NKW ELMWO<»D RANGES ARE THE BEST I
-> W. S. RAY MFG. CO.. 12 California su I
|>UJ_ERS,ENGINES,-.»D-HANI> MACHINERY I
iJ water-pipes. Mclntosh&Wolpman. IS7 Beal_ \
BAKS, scales. MIRROR-. FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MXXX, Ills Mission:
COfc'KKK MILL. SCALES. LETTER PKES3.
stand des . money tl.l, sate; cheap. 102 Cla/.
AKS, SHOWCASES. COUNTERS bUKLV-
'^ ing, etc., ought and gold. 1063 Mission. nr.Tth.
Ob™ SMALL MmiiTJl AND ■ LAKUE-siza
lire and burglar proof safe. 109-IXI Mat kill «•HOUSES TO LET.
Q9Q GKAttY, NR.- LARKIN— 15 ROOMS
«.'-.•> b^th: rent very low. BALDWIN A.
HQWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
4. I,v --STORY FRAME, 4 ROOMS AND
•«1 H. basement; water fre-; quiet and resp-ct-
. hip nuchborhooJ, 6 s.-iiuu place, off north side
(alifomia st.. below Stockton: ke • at 8.
9 SUNNY HOUSES; 7 ROOMS. BATH PAN-
— try, yard and basement: lent 920. S3O * appsu
U^ o?j l A ?a.j KS3 .*V*-HoQii
1 99. . HUSH - SUNN V HOUSE; 9 ROOMS-
J Z.Z.U yard: rent reasonable to a good tenant. '
CJ4O 17S1 BROADWAY, NEAR GOUGH-8
V..IV-. looms; every convenience; marine view.
BAD IKNANTS J JECTKI); 93. .SMITK
.collector, 14 McAllister st.. rooms 10- 11. 7*
ROOMS; 533b SI.CCND ST.; 915 PER
0 month. Key at 539 - econd st.
7. ROOMS; 537r SKCOND ST.; 917 PER
• month. Key at 639 Second st.
C ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN , IM-
c>provements: 4i Federal st.; «15 per month to
CeelnrO.e tenants. Key at 539 Vecond su
HUUBKS IO J-KNi* FOX VKRY LITTLE
money at BaIojWIK a. UAJlAlONii'a, iv
Unniromerv r«r.
IX'KNIsHEO FLATS.
1 W^? FLAT 8 ROOMS, DETACHED: SUN
-» ' •< sides: reasonable: desirable. lHl'2y, Kills.
COTTAGES TO LET.
(»9 ] 1 JESSIE -COTTAGE OF -T~BOOM8;
U— 1 a rent $9.
pOTTAGE, 4 SUNNY ROOMS, YARD, 911:
y alsr>flat, 6rms.,sH4. Grocery.2d, nr.Townsend.
SUNNY COTTAGES OF 4 AND 5 BOOMS,
bath, basement, yard- cheap. Cor. .Dolores
and Fifteenth sts.
ILATS TO LET;
"MICE FLAT: 4 GOOD ROOMS; CHEAP
-Li renu 624 sixth st., near Brynnu »
■ft fi HEAR U PPKB FLAT 4 SUNNY KGOMS
*iT * — 27 Pear, st., off Market, near Valencia.
1 .".90 POST-2 VKRV DESIKABLK FLATS;
1 a-^O upper. 7 rooms. 925; lower, « rooms. 923.
14*44. LEAVENWORTH. BET. WASHING-
-I ^l<> ^l ton- and Jackson— nearly new; 6
rooms: porcelain tub: ti e marina view, large
cojiri or garden iv rear; rent *-7 50.
rfsO9 -TKINEB— LOWKR SUNNY FLAT
lv " -of b rooms: modern improvements.
9Ki WEST MISSION, NEAR TWELFTH-6
*-U2 pleasant sonny rooms; second floor.
79C a GKOVK — LOWER 'FLAT: 4 ROOMS:
•—•■ bat ; light, sunny. nice yarJ.
TO LI. T- FINE COKNER FLAT; 7 ROOMS
and bath. 400 Uaight st.
fli-;n • ELEGANT NEW BAY-WIND >W. 6
<£>— V. room*; bath.. 735 Miu:ia St., near Ninth.
<3MQ A NEW UPPER FLAT; 5 LARGE
«ip -*-'-'• rooms: bath: modem improvements;
stable If required: yard ana cellar. 38 .--naron
st,, bat 15th and ltith. Cuurch and Sanchez.
TO LKT— A .BEAUTIFUL BAY- WINDOWED
X lint of 5 rooms and bath; rent reduced to $15.
1915-^ McAllister su
VICE BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 4 ROOMS. 14
->-' Mess 5.., b^:. .-ixth and seventh, nr. lion-am.
7 OWER, UPPER FLATS-5 ROOMS; RaTH:
XJ yard: $15. SIS. 12 nhutwell st.,ur. Fourteenth.
l*_-9'Jl SACRAMENTO — FLAT 5 ROOMS;
J.«J— <J3 modern improvements: rent 916.
U£l 9 LOVELY SUNNY FLAT; 4 LAHGE
-<rJ-— . rooms, -bath, gas and yard. 8926 Mue-
teenth st., bet. Noe and .-anciiez. water frea
fljX TO 910 HAVE." MONTHLY. 3'JO FLATS
<_ Oto let ci.e<ip at SPECK <t CO. 'P. 602 MarkeU
Q9' MOTJERN FLAT: » KOOMS, BAI'H.
.ig)m.O. Jl-jBa Howard near Seventh.
4-KOuM FLAT; FKDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
T eral St.: to a tenant without children: 910 per
month. Key at 639 second si.
/ HEAP MODERN FLATS. b AND 6
\J rooms. 98 to 916: see them. 623 Seventh st.
T,.LATa To itii^T fun. ViiRV LITTLK
X money at EALUWI:> it iiAAliioM/a, lit
incniron:erv R.
• : i
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
.Killniore Street.
Qin S' SUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
'■O 1 v. good yard. 2212 FUlmore st,, near Clay.
* iilh street.
Q9X FIFTH— CLEAN, FURNISHED HOUSE-
fJ^.O keeping, 3, $13: *, 910: single, 95.
•19Q1 FIFTH— FKONT ROOM AND Kl7CH-
*■-«•— O-,; en furui bed for housekeeping: first floor.
Fourth -^treut. #
99* C FOURTH — FURNISHED ROOMS,
•*- — housekeeping: also single.
. — i . ;
Golden Gate Avenue.
p.n(\ GOLDEN GATE AYE. — 3 SUNNY
\)j-\J front suites complete tor housekeeping; also
single
Howard Street.
-l 1 AC) HOWARD— 2 SUNNY FRONT CON-
X 1 4 — necting housekeeping rooms; rent 912 60
to $10.
Kearny (street.
"I (\.\ KEARNY— S UNFURNISHED BOOMS;
lv 1 ! b«;h; board received for rent.
. *;9Q KEARNY— HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
— — •-' either gas or coal stove: also suite and sin-
gly '
1-arkin Street.
V9Q LARKIN— 3 SUNNY FRONT BOOMS
'lii'/ for light housekeeping; terms moderate.
.. . i-iirkln > reo .
im Ql LARKIN — HOCBEKEKPING AND
.1 \JI O2- other rooms: a I sunny; 96 to 920.
"] (\')O MARKET— 3 ROOMS, f8; 1 LARGE
J U— -O sunny front room: cheap rent.
Market Street.
I fUi^ MARKKT. OPP. JONES-FRONTBAY-
J v/U«J window rooms and sunny housekeeping.
MAQO MARKET - 2 OR 3 NICELY FUR-
-_ Ut7O nhhed sunny rooms, housekeeping.
■' • Mason Street.
A 1 9 MASON— NICELY FI7RNISHKDSUN NY
11.0 rooms; suitable light housekeeping; reason-
able. '".iqgff . 3^l
*: A £ MINNA-3 LARGE SUNNY UNFU*-
') t«J nished rooms; central; low rent; yard.
Mission Street.
Do/» MISSION — LAHGK FRONT BUNNY
VOOD room. 910: light housekeeping.
Montgomery Street.
' CO7 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
«)— i until i-:8 o'clock: branch office Of Tun
C all; ; lit t-crij con, and want ads taken. ;
BHH ->aiom;i Stroe.. . .
CQ NATOMA— 2 SUNNY CONNECTING
\JU housekeeping rooms, cheap: 1 larxe houte-
keeplng room, 9S: range: yard.
C NATOMA — SUITE OF HOUSEKEEP
O')O ing rooms; rent 910 per month. Apply
afternoon.
f-A C NATOMA — 2 FURNISHED ROOM'S
UI tJ complete for housekeeping, «9. ;
rjf\\ NATOMA. COR. EIGHTH-CONNKCT-
i ') 1 ing irout rooms: housekeeping: with sink: ;
cheap. J
Ninth Street. 
OH NINTH— FRONT SUITE OR SINGLE; GAS
><-U water; stove. £46 Eighth— large rooms. '
Pacific Street.
V W. t OR. PACIFIC AND H YDE-7 SUNNY
II . unfurnished rooms and bath.-
-• . ". . jo ill "tree;.
J\ Q9 POLK-2 PLEA-ANT SUNNY BOOMS
OOZi for IlKut housekeeping.
7*l 9 POLK-SUNNY NEWLY FURNISHED
"''l Z. housekeeping rooms; kitchen: gas. bath;
reasonable. . . * . ''■ ' "■
. . I'ost Street.
Q9orosr--» pleasant BACK rooms:
'J±.Zi furnished for housekeeping: 910: yard.
south Park.
'l Q'ROUTH PARK-3 PLEASANT CONNECT-
X" Ing room* furnished for housekeeping; 912:
•lao 1 room, *7. - ...
Stockton Street.
I 7AQ STOCKTON — 2 CONNECT/NO : FUR-
X I \Jf> nished rooms for housekeeping; yard;
sink; cheap. . .-■■ . ■■ ;
*l«irt« Mroe;.
-t(\cj THIRD ST.- NICELY FURNISHED
J.I/U2 bousekeeplnc rooms; very reasonable. ,
lurk Street.
CjO TURK —LIG HT HOUSEKEEPING
O i O sunny room; running water, gas and bath;
910.
Twenty-fifth Street.
A 1 KO TWENTY-FfFTH. FEW DOORS EAST
rt I \3£t of Castro— 2 sunny' unfurnished rooms
suitable for light housekeeping: bath, laundry:
ladles only: rent 96.
. . Uu >e»* Aveuue.
XI Q VAN NESS— 2 OR 3 SUNNY FKONT
OXO housekeeping; newly furnished; $12.
Miscellaneous.
Q(\n COR. BUCHAnA »-l BAY-WINDOW
\J\jZi suite, 911; 1 bay-window suite, 915. •. ;..
ROOMS TO LET.
Eddy Street.
91 Q EDDY— LASGK • SUNNY ROOM, 912;
-I O don Die room, 97; single, 95 and 96.
Eighth Street. |^@B
SHERMAN APARTMKNT HOT7BK. 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Kllia Street.
KOYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS — IX C ANDES-
cent lights in every room; read room, con-
taining daliy papers: smoking-room and ladles'
1 arlor; opeu all night; rooms per night. 35c to
91 50: week, 92 to 98: month. 98 to 9SO: tire es-
tapes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
row ready :bot and cold water In each room: baths.
rPHK RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KaTK a
111 ART. manager— a quiet house; centrally lo-
cated: newly furnished: elevator; hot & cold water.
tilth tree 1.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth St., cor. Mission: rooms
60c. 75c and 91 per night: 92 to 85 per week.
-I (\1 FIFTH— PLKABA NT, SUNNY, UNFUR-
J U I nished rooms to let.
Fulton Street.
-1 -I £»:FULTON— NICELY FURNISHED SIN-
XJLO'gIe sunny room; 94.
Geary Street.
! "I (\Q GEARY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
j X.\JiJ sunny rooms; en suite or single; offices.
91 -r GEARY ST., OPP. UNION tQUARK-
wJO unfurnished rooms; key at -17 Geaiy (.t.
«,Q7 UEA..Y— NKWLV FURNISHED SUN-
-00 • ny front rooms.
m GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM;
rent reasonable; references.
Golden Gate Avenue.
rnQ GOLDS* GATE AYE.— SUNNY FUR-
DUO nished room, suitab for 2; also single.
uvwaril stieo..
r»9Q HOWAR D— NICELY FURNISHED
D— <T) sunny rms: double and single: gas and bath.
Qii)' HOWARD — NICELY FURNISH
_!._•) rooms; cars communicate a.l over city;
reference exchanged.
Hunt Street.
Ql HUNT— NEW MANAGEMENT; NICELY
01 furnished room; 91 week up.
Keitrny Street.
A ULINOTON HOUSE. 127 KKARNY -
A. Pleasant sunny rooms, en sulieand single; first
class in every. respect: ierm< reasonable.
Mai ket Street,
V-CSF.MITE HOUSK. 1045 MARKET— PER
I night, (35 to 91 : week, $1 60 to if 5: families.
-I 199 MARKET — 3 SUNNY OFFICE
1 L^JJU rooms: first floor.
Minna Street.
IQ-I MINNA-LARGE FRONT ROOM; ELE-
IOi gantly furnished; 99 month; hot bath.
nor MINNA, COR. EIGHTH — NEWLY FUR-
DO I nished bay-window rooms: 91 per week.
Mission street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house: 91 60 to 9t) per week.
Q£LQ MISSION— LARGE FRONT ROOM, NE>V-
OOy ly furnished. 99; others 94.
Nutoinn .Street.
~f\r*l NATOMA— SUNNY FRONT ROOM
O\J\J2 for 1 or 2 gentlemen: qrat>\
„ : ' " r«it Street.
9QQ POST, CORNER OF STOCKTON.
3 LARGE SUNNY. OFFICES, SUITABLE
FOR DOCTOR, DENTIST, DRESSMAKER,
MILLINER, ETC.: OVERLOOK* PLAZA;
DESIRABLE LOCATION: ELEGANT SUITES.
9 K QO POST- A SUNNY FRONT ROOM TO
ZUOO let at $1 a week.
ANDOLPH HOUSE, 501 POST— CHANGED
XV hands: &0 bay-window parlors: smaller
rooms: running water; gas and grates; 91 60 to 94
per week.
71 Q POST— LARGE UNFURNISHED PAR-
i XO lors, suitaule for doctor's office; also lur-
nished sunny suit; terms reasonable.
'
hixth Street.
QQ SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT.!
Oij rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
Stevenson Street.
/>9r BTEVENBON - FURNISHED SUNNY
U^-»J room : rent 95 a month.
. Stockton street.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON—
1 nished suites from 94 to 910 a week; single
rooms, 91 to to 93 a week; hot and cold water in
every room: baths: transient specially: tlevntor.
Sutler Street.
AC\n SUTTER, NR. POWELL— ELEGANTLY
H — U newly furnished light «onnv r oms. offices;
bath; reasonable; appreciated if seen by doc. or.
r/\(\ BUTTER, CORNER POWELL— SMALL
OUU sunny rooms forgentlemen; cheap; board
optionaL .
lay lor street.
r 99 TAYLOR, NEAR POST— NEWLY FUR-
<J -- £ nished sunny rooms; modern conveniences;
terms moderate. ... - .
r9Q TAYLOR (THE UTICA) —LARGE,
tj— .O sunny front rooms; also single; bath: 916
and 910.
Union Street. . . . : \c
GfiQ UNION— 4 SUNNY . UNFURNISHED
OUO rooms to leu
Miscellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch effioe of Tim Cali. bnbscrlpttons and
want ads taken. . . ;
x *Vi.e.K H NEWS FOR 5 CENTS-
A WEEKLY CALL. In wraoDer. for mailing.
BOARDING AND KOOMS.
79c PINK. (KENOVA)— NEWLY FURNISH-
I £.0 ed suites and singe rooms; service strictly
first class; references.
nnn VAN ESS AYE — NEWLY FURNISH-
QUO ed sunny rooms, with board.
b.hi'u>u. 714 B. sh— a FAMILY
hotel: reference^: a 1 modern conveniences.
CHJLI>KJi-V BOARDED.
/COMFORTABLE HOME FOR A COUPLE OF
\J children; no objection to an Infan : room for
parent if ueslred. Address 334 seventh st.
STORES TO LET.
1 CA9 HOWARD-STORK WITH 2 LIVING-
ICUZ rooms: rent cheap.
ARBEK-aHOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
llshed 16 year*: 918 per month; key at 630
Second sU
' aii>enter-^hop; 97 per month. 6De Boom eu:
key at 689 Se ond »v
p nmbing- shop; 9tS per monta. - 8 Deßoomsu:
key at 6^9 ••econd »t.
Corn- r ore, 631 second St.; 914 per month;
key at 639 second st. '
CO" STORE; 3 ROOMS; LIGHT CELLAR.
tJp^O. 1128 Howard St., near Seventh.
All* FOURTH-SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
4ID In rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSKN
A CO., 14 Montgomery st.
"LMNE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
1 business: one block from -Market. 15 Grant
V tOW KENT— «-"' bTORK AND
. ba'onrnu 324 y«n m.
OFFICES TO LET.
PART OF FURNISHED OFFICE TO RENT;
good location. 608 Kearny, room 8. .
ESK HO M CHKAP: LARGE SUNNY OF-
flee, furnished. Call 69 Colombian building.
T. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST.. CORNER
Powell— Desirab c offices, with gas; janitor mid
elevator. 'BOVEiS, TOY <& CO., 80 Atouigomery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1897.
PERSONALS.
"EUROPEAN YOUNG KNIGHTED GENTLE-
XJ man of means: tail and robust; total abstainer:
wou d marry lady of wealth fond of traveling;
references exchaugpd. Address W.. box 130, this
office, and Include photo.
NiS DKESS STYLISHLY MADE TO ORDER
free of rha-Re, this week only; don't miss this
cnanre. -J8 Grove at., near Larkin. '
MISS 1-.DIIH WILLIAM^ FORMERLY AT
Marguerite House, this rliy, please send ad-
dress to R. P., box 1, Call office. .
F. M. — WRITE SO AS I CAN UNDER-
• stand you, or come up. . DORA.
A DVICE FRKE: DIVORCK LAWe A SPEC-
A laity: private; no fee v.-ithous success; pro-
bate. insolvency, wills, collections. * bills of sale'
damages, etc ; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, af.y-at-law, 850 Market.cor.Btocktn
A LADY TOLD ME THAT WHILE I WAS
dolni; first-class hair-dressing for 25c she
would never go to a higher-priced place. I claim
to do as good work as any establishment chancing
twice my price; shampoo and plain halr-dreasing.
50c; hair-dressing and treatment with QUI>O-
Ma Hair Tonic, 60c. O. LEDERER, 111 Stock-
ton.
LOOU AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
are successfully treated with DR. SMITH'S
ELKCTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS.
Cum guaranteed; board and sunny room, if de-
sired, reasonable: free consultation 1 to Sand 6 to
8; Sundays, 10 to 12. 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
T>AG CARPETS WOVKTO OMDKR FORSaLE!:
-LV also chenille-wove rues, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rait..*.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth St., Oakland. Chl.
\ I M.-. J. PHILLIPS. HUMAN HAIR MER-
-I<l chan:; artist in hair and ladies' hairdresser.
Removed to 120 Geary, above Grant aye.
PRIVATE HETECrIVE WORK DONE REA-
X sonable: 10 years' experience: hr*. 10 to 12 if.,
2 t0 6. 7 to B p. m. O.R.WEBSTER, 1027 Market, r.tt.
P HINTING MATERIAL FOR SALE CHEAP.
X 8 Montgomery aye., room 13.
OLD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICES. O.
NOLTE, jeweler, 222 O't-arrell st., nr. Mason.
BIG OUTDOOi'. STKRI-.OITICON I>HOW EVK-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sis. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi-
ness, consult OWL ADV. CO.. 114t\ Market st.
BURNISHED ROOMS: REASONABLE. MR*.
X 1 L. DEAN, 908 Howard St., near fifth.
MISS OLL.IE LAKE. CARD RKADER AND
magnetlsL Rooms 3 and 4, 309 Suiter.
HHUF^CHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMB
. gasfltter. b23UoldenOate ay. .Sutler 471.
STROZYNSKI. 24 (GEARY ST., EXPERT
• European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal toothers.
VEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
. to his advantage by calling uponLANDRY
C. BABIN, Keartiy st. •
PA IN TING, WHITENING, PAPERING;
X lowest estimates :best work gnarante-d; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster,- cor. Eddy.
MI'S KKEGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
erer) has opened a stylish hairdreaslng parlor;
latest effects ;price 2sc 1241 -a Farrell, nr.Powall.
l(|f|/| CARDS, 91 50. SHOW CARD*. KTC.
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, aavi Geary su.
ffl'l A DOZEN — FINE CABINKia At yil^-
tjll SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
ma AIONTGOMEitY st., BRANCH office
•'— I uiTek Cau.,- want ads and subscriptions
taken.
|> ARTINGTON'S OF MAGAZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine St.; Illustrations luriiished
for magazines, newspapers, etc. V
ARTISTIC HAIRDKKs^INU. 250; 925 FOR
XV canes of hair falling or dandruff I cannot core.
MRS. HUBBARD. 1104 Market St., room 28.
pUPTURK AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
It until red: tend for book. DBS. Ma.V*
FIELD & PORTERFIELD. bs* Market st
MAGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
il chine; uses thekinetoscope nini». price (25U
BACIGALUPI. 948 Market St.
\\ ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL: PAPER HAN*
' * Inc. palntinp.etc, by contract or day'» work, at
year own price. WLM. MKKIGAN. 1802 Webster at.
ELKCTRIC LIGHT* IN KVERY ROOM:
Winchester House. 44 Third su, nr. Market;
iOO rooms. 256 to 91 50 per night: 91 60 to «ti per
week ; free bus and baggage to and trom the terry.
CLOAKS. FURS A.\l> SUITS RETAILED AT
\J wholesale prims. Factorr. 20 Sanaome su
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ALL. HAIL HER MARVELOUS PRKDIC-
tons; only medium euaranterlng dead win-
ning tips on the Cortiett-Kitsslmmons prize-fight:
named 3 winning numbers in :he last lot'.ery
drawing: o an give you a sure thing- at the race-
track: ladies, consult her on domestic and love
affa M; removes evil influences and possesses onl •
•Nopoeon" tali-man. MISS VAN Dh. VERE,
Parisian oropbetess. parlor 1, 1 Fifth st- .
MMX DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC RKVEAL-
er by ens and cards: tells entire life, pas:,
present, foture: consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing exCepted; names given: pood advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympatuy: mistake Im-
possible: fee 91 r letter 92. 929 Post st.. nr Larklo.
MRS. L. EHRHORN, CLAIRVOYANT, SITS
dai!y; circle Mondnyand Thursday evenings
8 o'clock: 25c up. 1147 Misoion st.
MRS. WILSON, CARD-READER. REMOVED
to 88 Eddy su, first floor, room 1, from 106
Fourth st.
MISS INA COHEN. PARISIAN CARD-
reader and magne. Ist. B. 10 and 11, 122 Post.
MMX. HAN SEN, PALMIST, CARD-RE ADtR;
past, present and future; 2oc. 148 Sixth, r.5.
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlß-
voyant, 51 Fifth : water readings specialty.
\* ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
iii business advice: names given: 25c up. Fourth
pONSULT THE PROPHI-TES3: PAST, PRES-
\J em and future; 25c. 243 a Shipley St., off Fifth.
MM. . LEON A RETURNED; CARDkEADER;
I'l magnetic treatment. 995 Market, room 3.
\PSY LIFE- KKADER, 3 SKVENH ST.;
ladies 25c, gents 50c: all questions answered.
MMX. bYBILLK 1 ELLS FROM CRaDLU TO
■rrave:plctur«s ?iveti:ladU>* "5c Hi O'Farrell.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. C. J. MKYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT. TUBS.,
Wed. and Fri., 2 p. m.; 10c; trance dr., Mon. &.
FrL eve., 2.c; sittings dully. 326 McA lister st.
ME. OSMA.N, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um: lite readings, love .irs, business In vest-
nients,inininK speculationsa specially. 838 Mission
DNA WALLACE, "THE ORIGINAL" ME-
dlum and magnetic healer. bofi '. 3 Market at.,
room 10.
V. MILLER'S ETHERIALIZING MATER-
• (aliziug seance to-night; 8 p. m. , 635 Post St.;
50 cts.
M ME. YOUNG.' TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT:
10c.: 41» McAllister sU: investigators Invlud.
DRS. A. SWAIN.TRANCEMKDIUM; NO FEE
except as gift; dr. Fri. 51 Fifth. ,
RS. MAYO --TEKRS, 112 Vi OaK: CIHCLK
Tuesday, 8 p. »i., Thurs., '£ P. it.: readings 91.
MRS. H. A. ORIFFIN-CIR. SUN. EVK.; 25c:
lest mig. Thur. eve. ; stgs dally. 42t»i/ a Grow
AM. FRANCIS, I.N DEPENDENT SjLaTK
. writer. 118 Halchi St.; hours 9 until (ir.u.
MRS. KLLIS, MEDIUM: SITTINOS.O TO B, 91;
circles Tom., Fri.. 2p. m., 26c. 233 Valencia.
MBS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium & life reader. 218 Stockton
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success Hypnotic. Mesmeric Ins, 6 O* Farrell
■ LEGAL NOTICES.
VTOTICK TO. CREDITORS — ESTATE OF
Xi FONG CHING, deceased. Notice Is hereby
given by the unde. signed, CHUN li, adminis-
tratrix of ihe estate of FONG CHING. deceased,
to the creditors of and all persons having claims
against the sold deceased to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers wl bin four montbts after
the first publication of this notice to the stld ad-
ministratrix above named at the law offices of
THOMAS D. RIURDA.N No. H-H Montgomery
street California safe Deposit building, rooms
204-^OB, San Francisco. C lifornia, the s<me be-
ing her place for the transaction of the business of
the said esta c In the City atd County of San
Fmnctsop, state of California.
CHUN Li, Administratrix of the estate of
FONG CHING, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, February 17. 1837.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THERE
i« are iris in the treusurv to redeem bonds
Issued on Levee Distr.ct so. 1 of Butler county,
Ca... according to an act of the Legislature ap-
proved April 9 1880, as follows, to wit: Bond No.
98, 9500: bond No. 92, 950U: bond No 91, 9500-
-bo id No. 90, 9300; bond No. 89, .9500; bond No.
88, 9500; Do.id No. 87. 9500; bond No. 86, 9&00-
-bund No. 85, 950U: bonu No, 84. 9500: bo id No.
83, 9500: tond No. 82, #600: bond No. 74. 9500-
-boud No. 73. 9500: bond No. 72, 9500; bond No.
71, «50U, and bond .no. 70. 9600; and that at the
expiration of thirty days lrom- the date of this
notice If said-. bonds are not presented for redemp-
tion the interest thereon will cease, from and after
which time no Interest shall be allowed on said
bonds. * !. J. COPE,
1 ' Treasurer of Sntter County, CaL
Dated Yoha City. February 18 1897. ■ • >
PHYSICIANS.
R- J C. C. O'DONNELL, 1208 MARKET, REST
U 2864 25Ui su ; diseases of women aspeclalty.
EDUCATIONAL
T UCKHABDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
XJ and school of • Instruction (incorporated);
PKA" TICAi* and INDIVIDUAL Instruction In
the latest, imprpvea methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a. say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 2tJ OJ Farrell it.: elevator. -.
"i UKSIVK SHORTHAND" ISTHE EASIK»T,
\J bast and wneapejt: vowels and con- on ants
Joined: no posltTOns: descriptive pamphlet free:
also Pitrran. Graham. Munson and Marsh writers
corrected and speeded: tirsb-clasi references. RO3-
COE EAMJ-.s, room 70, Flood building.
BALD'S BUSINESS .COLLKGK, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, ' business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegrapay. languages, English branches,
electrical engineering: 20 teachers; 16,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. ;
"VTAVAL ARCHITECTURE, H. C. Mct'LKER,
1> 363 bird St.; ship draughtsman and yacht
designer; laying off Iron (hips and all pioblems In
connection. therewith taught practicably; models
10 order. . .
(.(•:. COMPLETE COURSE, SHORTHAND
«Jp 1 «J. and typewriting {Pitman or Graham) by
Eastern law stenographer; aay orevenlng instruc-
tion. 18161 Post.
YRES 1 . 1 THE LEADING COLLEGE. 32*
Montgomery St.; Individual Instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegrapbr. eta :
lite scholarship 950: 1 -x rate* per week and ma
STAMMERING, LISPING, ALL IMPERFEC-
-0 Uons of speech, positively cored: voice build-
ing, individual instruction: references from best in
California.- PROF. R. a. DAVIS, 1508 Market.
T7NGINEERINO SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC."
JLjciil. mining, survey, assay, urchin, X ray
tausht; es.lhb'4. A. VAN DEB NAILLKN.9S3 Mkt
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College. 723 Market su ; students trained; office
situations secured; lowest rates or credit for tuition
T>IANO TAUGHT IN SIX MONTHS: NEW.
X quick method; 92 60 per month. 323 Hyde st,
UKOF. LOUIS MEKKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet; reasonable. 225 Geary, ur.PowelL
> ' — 1 ;
SPANISH, FRENCH, Etc.: Prof. HI.IPPE'S
Academy of Languages, 320 Post: estab'a 1&71.
BOOKKPNO. WRITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMS,
day it night; no classes; 95 month. 845 Mission.
SINGING; PIANO: PARIH GRADUATE;
French, Germao languages: 92 mo. 109 Taylor.
1 EO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING. DaNO
'Xj ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary su
UIIAK. MANDOLIN, PiANO AND VOCA«
VX lessons. 93 ma Mary Westhaas. 39 Fifth.
ÜBSCRIPTIONB AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O 'all taken at branch oflice, 339 Hayes st.;
oper until -.30 o'clock.
■':;;V.'*.-' MEDICAL.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
s-.rument used; every woman her own physi-
cian for all fema.e troubles, no matter from what
cause; restores always in one day: can be sent
and used at home'; all cases guaranteed; genuine
new process can only be had at my cilice. Adver-
tised 20 years DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
R. J. 11. JO**SELYN,THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ist, still offers his va nabie services to the un-
fortunate. With a mind ma ured aid euric.ied by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure Ladles, he is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. . No case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond bis sure con-
trol. Mis female monthly r< medics are sure aad
safe in their eft ct>. Ills tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-tailing in heir
action, and are warranted for both yuuny and o.d.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases,
over 50 years cf practice enab es him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consu.ia ion parlors. 9U6
Market su ' Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12. ■ . . .
\ LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
M\- (from whatever cans*) - restored In a few
hours: safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home in confinement: best care and
privacy.: regular physician: 30 years' successful
practice: my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fall; every cose guaranteed -.con-
Bui'.ation fri'e, coutlden tal: hour* 10 to 6; pills 9L
MRS. DR. WYKTU, 916 Post su, near Larklo.
A SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE SIS.
eases from whatever c«us.-; a home In con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 226 Tun WL
PROCESS THAT IB PERFECTLY HARM-
less; never falls in any csso of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
cane refunded if a care Is not effected: travelers
helped Immediately: years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIKS, 14 McAllister si., next Hlbernla
Bank: hours. 9 a. m, to 5 and 7 to 8 p. it.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TORE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a- few - hoars when medicines
and, others have failed; no instruments -uned:
many years* experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. D.iLEY, 1126
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
DR. FOULKI'S- FRENCH CAPSULES — A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause) :• positively safe and
sure, no Hang t or after effects: taken In time I;
also acts as a preventive: price 91 60 per box:
tent free by mail on receipt at prlc* WALLbii
BROS.. 31 Grant aye. ...
DR. AND MRS. WJ GEN ER.. 526 EDDY BT. :
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and ouringconn'nem'eni: female complututs
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for travelers: best care; ter>i.s moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills 9—
1 ADIES.CHICHESTER'B ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond' Brand) are best; safe, rs-
liable; take no other, send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief lor Ladies," In letter by return mall.
at druggist* Chlchester Chera. Co.. Philadelphia
MRS. LOODWIN. SPECIALIST. LADIES
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best
skill tree diagnosis; low fees; self-cure. 401
Van Ness aye.
A LPEAU 8 FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
x\- dies with female troubles; nodauger; safe and
sure: 92 50 ex press COD.; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oaklaud;Cai.
AT THE PEOPLK'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all cases treated ana medicines fur-
nsntd tor *1; call or write. 1029 M rketsu,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, tan Francisco, Cal.
mj'nn paid FOR ACaMS i fail to cork
0 i)UU of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. ,410 Geary
DU PRAK'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenazogue: 91 par box.
RICHARDS & CO.,drucgists, 408 Clay si., sole acts.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1061 Market st.: bis 30 yean
inccessful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
TTN^URPAi-SKD REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
U troubles, diseases. M.KS DR. PUETZ 254 v 4tn.
HOME. A FKIKND AND MOTHER'S iA«it
Wits. DR. FUNKE. 1416 htgbth St.. Alamed*
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STRKET. NKAit
IJ Jones, _ Diseases of women ana child
» WEEKW NEWS SOB. 5 CENTS — TJIM
- V WEEKLY CALL. In wraoper. for niattina
' . DENTISTS.
FULL MET OF TEETH, 97: WARRANTED 5
years; pal nlesi extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted m years: fillings. 50c; crowns, 93 .iO.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth itree:.
pi ROOM DKNTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extract ng, with ; as, 91; plates, 95 up; flit, 91 up.
fl>7 FULL SET TEETH: BEST MAKE;
«UP ' . kept In repair; extracting free; fllllnEs,soc;
crowns, 93 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
K. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon.
POSITIVELY PAIN IMB* EXTRACTION. DR.
1 HARDING, 600Sutter cor. Powell. U-1. main 5375
nHAUAKT.ft CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: brldgeworic a specialty.
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, HOtt -lAii-
ket St. ■ DR. 1»,K.-i W. DXi KKlt,
*7 A SET FOR TEKTH-WAKRANTED A*
C' good as can be made: filling 91. DR. slilM*
dentist, 930 Market su, next Baldwin Theater. . ■
PAINLESS hXTKACIION. 60c:. CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates 96 up: lSyeari
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILU 1443 UARKKT ST., NIL
Eleventh: no • chance for . extracting whea
pistes are made.- old plates made over like new;
teeth from 98 per set: extracting 60c; gas given. -
DKT ut UKKI II UlTnuUr A ruin. utL
O li. G. Young, .1841 Polk st. .,:,
DH. UKORGK W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek denU»u" discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge • work or te«a
without any plate, moved from tito 'M 1 i'arrelUe.
LL WORK ASON A BLH AND- Wait'
ranted. • DR. J. W. KKY. 1122 Market at.-. ••/
ATTORNEYS- AT-L AW. -
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
laity: private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc.; private detectives: eslab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 860 Market st, corner. Stockton st,
A DVICE FREK; NO CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
ix cessful. W. W. DAVIDsON, 927 Market st.
W. KING, ATTORNEY- A T-LAW, CHRON-
• lcle building; advice free: low fe s: all oases.
,4 DVICE FREE; NO CHABGE UNLESS SUC-
xI CMsfm. J. G. Jfc.r-FRr.SS, 632 Market, rm.23. ,
, CITY real ESTATE.
sol GETZ & broth
kkal estate owners,
• -■ Boom A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES, GREAT BARGAINS.
mAKE ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
x purchases, get a lot cheaper than you ever will
again. >g>pj«»«*l ' ninn|ta im UJjj '. win
(J> 1 (\(\ $150. TO $S00: BUILDING LOTS:
rlplV/l/. no grading; near Mlsslon-st. and .San
Muteo electric car lines; only $5 monthly.
(Jl7" fIOO. $180 TO $800; CHOICEST LOTS
O •O. south 01 the park; near Affiliated Col-
lrges, new music stand and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly installments. .
ffljOcn to $1100: RICHMOND LOTS; WE
dp — O\J can positively sui. you 111 location, price
and terms.
Call on us first before purchasing: get map and
diagrams.
SOL. GETZ A BROTHER,
Rocm A, first floor, Crocker building.
ONLY ILE'T— NEW HOUSES. JUST COM-
pleted; suuny side Cole st.. near Waller; 10
rooms; large lot, 125 feet deep; street to be bitu-
mtnlzed. Apply on premises.
m>F.(U\ WILL BUY PKCPERTV WHICH
apO\J\J nets *16 per month. K ASTON, ELD-
RIDGE & CO., 838 Market st.
5 -ROOM COTTAGE: BRICK FOUNDATION,
•patent sidewalk, stationary tubs. 7-foot base-
ment boarded ; glass 100 m adjoining kitchen for
flowers: workshop in rear: beautiful garden: half
block from cars. 25 minutes from ferry: $25u0;
small amount cash, remainder in Installments at
$17 a month, .o. if., box 147. , , .
CIMftAA FOR SALE OR EXCHANUK.
New cottage on 23d ave< Ease Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; brick
iooiMUuoa; nay windows; lotS'Jxl6O. . • ::<:■■■:--
U H. UM.BSEN &, CO..
14 Montgomery st.
DRY HOUSES TO LIVE IN, OR CHEAP LOTS
Uto build on. PATTERSON A CO., 2 Valencia.
HONEI TO LOAJ« V
A LOANS ON FURMTUHE OR PIANOS,
. In S. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
•Biffin f\(\f\ AT 61^» PER CENT on city
>~pO\J\J . \J \J \J real estate; also Oaklan J -.estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. •• Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mil. building, ground floor.
IGULY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place 10 obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tne very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D'.OR 3DMORTOAGEa,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
A— PRIVATK AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light Interest, istbe secret of our success.
cut-rate Loan Office, Flood building, nO9 Market.
QjQO: OHO aT BANK RATES: IST AND
ijO~O.\J\J\J 2d moncaces. estates rents, eta;
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 628 Markets*.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?.
We loan at 55c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security: interest .ow. Add. J. W.. box 45, CalL
ON PIANOS, WITHOUT REMOVAL; VERY
low Interest: no com mission. 116 McAllister st.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. scRIHXER, 7 City Hall aye.
00,000 ON CITY AND COUNTRY PROP-
«3S Uerty ; low rates. A. SCHI'LLEH, 420 Cala. St.
I OANa ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST KATE
\J of Interest. J A 5.8.8 I OOKS. 214 Pine, r 58-59.
\| ONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
1»I amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine it, room 8.
dlj-A 1O $50,000; LOW b.ST KATJk; IST & JU
UP mortgage: nat or instlmnt. Dryden, 535 Cat.
A DVANCE.S ON DIAMONDS. JKWKIjRY.i'.TU
xv Columbia Loan A collateral Office. 9 i,rant aye.
PBOFKBTi.'TQ EXCHANGE.
WILL IRADE A VALUABLE RANCH OF
»T pbout 1800 acres in southern Oregon for
property In Tacoma, Portland or Seattle: ranch
produces an income; Is under fence; 200 acres
under cultivation: ti.le perfect and free from in-
cumbrance. CALVIN PHILIPS, Tacoma, Wash-
ington.
Cj'Jfk (\f\(\ GOOD REAL ESTATE (INDI-
£)\J .\J\J\J. ana) to exchange for property in
CV fornlu. A. 8., box 88. Call. ""_•; '
VINE NKBRASKA FARM. 100 ACKES, $5000,
-C tor business or property. DECKER, 1020 M°kt.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OK ORCHARD HOMK-4
O for sal*. WOOHTEK « WHITio.X, San Jose.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
\ BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
/X. house west of Chicago is K'jiiLEH «£
CHASE'S. 26, 28 and 30 * .'l-arrell s .; pianos, or-
gans and all othtr musical instruments, 01 all
Itradea and prices; it-rms easy: prices lowest:
every thins possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. -.■•.;•->;
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pi-
anos; mon: hly pa.-ments from *6 up; deliv-
ered free with ojl and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market St., opp. Mason; estab
llsbed over 20 years.
ONA FIDK REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines. Knabe, Bush it Gerts and others; sec-
ond-hand pianos from 100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 324 i ost.
FINE lI ARUM • N UPRIGHT. 1 IKE NEW; A
chance to save money. Room 12, 809 Market.
AN ELKGANT BTEINWAV AND WEBER
for sale cheap. Room 10, Flood Building. _,•
QU 1 <i)f\ HAZKLTON UPRIGHT, STOOL,
I^-U. cover; $5 installmts. 221 Leavenworth.
LINK UPKIGHT PIANO LIKE NEW. CHEAP.
r 8 83 Castro st.
ALL AND HEAR NEW STYLE BRUENN
CALL ASD HEAR NEW STYLE BRUENN
pianos: patent sounding-board; new principle;
the delight and wonder of all musicians. 228 l'usc
BEST BARGAINS IN THK CITY: FOR THE
JJ next 5 days at MAUVaIS', 769 Market st.
ELEGANT BRUKNN PIAnO: GOOD AS
XJ new; sacrifice. BRUENN 'B, 228 Post st.
(2*l HA' UPRIGHT IN GOOD CONDITION; A
JJpJLUI/. bargain. BRUENN 2^B Post st.
■v-ou ABE welcome TO CREDIT at
X BRUKNN'S piano house, 228 Post st.
UK RENT CONTRACT. PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. SHER-
MAN, CLAY A CO., Kearny and suiter sts.
A DMINISIRATOR'S SALE - MUST SELL.
.• V. pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
Ins ailments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market.
\\rilY PAY RENI" FOR A PIANO WHEN
if the same monthly payments will purchase
one at SHKRMAN, CLAY <fc CU'S.
HE BUST. PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
from Melnway down, can be found at bHKR-
MAN, CLAY A CO.'S.
BARGAIN. FINK LARGE UPR IGHT.CHE AP
SCHMITZ. 16 McAlllster.next Hibernla Bank.
AT SHKRMaN, CLAY & CO.'S ONLY WILL
you find a slock of new stein way pianos. |
ORNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PKRFECT;
'brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st.
WG. BADGER. SOLE A- ENT FORHALLET
.<* Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacto.
I ANO- SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY »E CO.'S
oa very easy payments. • -■ '
BYRON MALZY. 80H PoST ST.-fOHMt.it,
Newbr A Kvanv Brins and other pianos.
OUPKUIOR VIOLINS, ZITHtKS, OLD& NEW
OH. MULLER. malc-r. repairer. 2 1 hum place. '
HORSES.
«A HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS,
"iU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arrade. Horse
Market, 827 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. bULLIVAN ADO VLE. Auctioneers. .
I AKGE STABLE AND LOFT FUR ; RENT
1j cheap. Li leu aye., near Van Ness. -
LL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LRT AND
for sale. M.F. livery static 38 12 th at
r f\ HKAD OF HORSES SUIT AKLK FOR ANY
Uvbuslness 900 to 1600 pounds. O d Turic-su car
stables, 1801 Turk; team of large young mules.
iw> SKT NEW AND tKCONU-HA-Nu HA»-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: bußtv.w.vron, carts, surra/
«rocka-.var. 40 cheap • horses, 15th an.l.Valenrii.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
■VfEW ANDSECOVD-HAND BAKER, LAUN-
Ii dry and mllk-wason: also fine top baggy and
rockaway. 828 Harrison si.
HOTELS. •
BROOKLYN HOTRL, 208-212 BUSH ST.,
board and room $1 to f a per day. (6 tosl2
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1; suite
room* for family $1 10 si 50 per night: torsi-class
service: tree coacb.' CHARLES MONTGOMERY
. PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
BEST. GEL.' TIKK PAPER IN MARKET IS
••Defender"; price low; try ft. Sole 'Coast
Agency, California Camera Company, 22 Geary at.
COtNTBI KEAI. ESTATE.
T ANDSOF THIS
ESTATE OF LELAND STANFORD, Deceased,
* FOR SALE
BY ORDER OF
MRP. JAKE L. STANFORD, Executrix,
BY MCAFEE BROTHERS,
KiiAl. ESTaTK BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AyENTf. "
108 MONTGOMERY STREET.
"OEDLANDS. SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY,
XV the famous orange belt — The property known
as tue "ttiilman Ranch." within the town
limits of Redlands and only one mile
from the business center: surrounded
by the beautliul orange graves and resi-
dences for which that place Is well known. The
property is plained 16 acres in apricots and
peaches, 160 acres in grapes, and also oranges, al-
falfa and cr;i!n: only a few hnndred feet from two
railroads: winery and everything necessary for
wine-making: all under irrigation. his property
can be suDdivided Into town lots or acre lots, total
acreage zb-J-vj acres.
SAN LUIS OBISPO COUNTY— PROP-
erty known as the "McCoppin Tract."
containing 320 . acres; two miles from
the town of San Luis Obispo; planted
in barley and hay: rich " black soil; farm-
bouse, barn and other out-houses: • suitable tor
fruits and vegetables: picturesque locality and
line climate. San Luis Obispo is on the const line
01 railroad which will soon be completed through
to Los Angeles and be the choice scenic overland
route.
rTEHAMA COUNTY— PROPERTY KNOWN
-»- as the "Cop Hand Ranch," containing 2000
acre*, adjoining the Vina vineyard, now belonging
to Stanford University. TheCopeland ranch was
used by Governor Stanford as a horse farm, and
every sppllante for raising and training horses
exists there, including barns, paddocks, training
tracks and kindergarten, etc.. with good dwellings,
men's quarters, etc.; the soil is rich black rlv. r
bottom, covered with tine oaKs: the Sacramento
River forms the western border and is navigated to
th b ranch by steamboats: abundant water for Irri-
gation from Deer Creek is distributed all over the
land; the selection of this tract by Governor Stan-
ford warrants its excellence a* a horse farm.
rnEHAMA COUNTY — PROPERTY KNOWN
X as the *-Sbafcr Tract." containing 240 acres,
on Deer Creek, about one mile from Copeland
ranch: partially planted in assorted fruits and
vinevarJ: all un.lcr irrigation; farmhouse and
stable, and all fenced.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
. 108 Montgomery st.
ONE AND A HALF MILES FROM SANTA
Rosa: 5 acres fine bottom land, bounded by 2
creeks; nous* and barn; easy terms. J. T. PE-
TK us, Ml Is building.
SAN RAFAEL— BARGAIN; NEW 8-ROOM
house; all modern appliances; on one of prin-
cipal streets: lot46Vji by 120: must be sold: price
•3000; make oiler. Wji. J. MILLER, Kan Rafael.
milE PROBLEM SOLVED.
PROFITABLE FARMING.
CHEAP TRANSPORTATION.
ONLY 20 MILES FROM STOCKTON.'
HEALTHFUL CLIMATE.
DELIGHTFUL HOMES.
GOOD CROPS, WITH OR WITHOUT IRRI-
GATION.
1280 acres on San Jo. quin Valley Railroad, near
Esculoo, Sun Joaquin County. Cal.: under Stanis-
laus canal: level and fertile; suitable to alfalfa,
sugar-beets, grain, fruit (including oranges), vege-
table*, etc.
SUBDIVISIONS OF 10 ACRES OR MORE.
PRICE $25 PER ACRE AND UPWARD.
For further particulars address
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
Real Fs'aie Brokers and Financial Agents,
108 Montgomery st., Sail Francisco.
A LFALFA LANDS TO LEASE
For a term of years; level, fertile loam, under
canal; oear^scalon, San Joaquin County, Cal.. by
MCAFEE BKOTHEKS,
108 Montgomery street, Kan Francisco, Cal.
SVfMI PER ACRE; CHOICK 5 - ACf:i£
«E> — \f\f tracts In the Polhemui Tract at Menlo
Park: spreading oaks; beautiful drives: writ
piped to each lot: cheapest property at Menlo;
one-quarter cash.
FOR RENT— IOOO TO 3000 ACRES CHOICE
pasture land In Alameda County; abund-
ance of wood and water. '
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.. .
218-220 Montgomery st., Mills building.
I/ 1 - OR >ALE— A FINK LOT IN COLMA, AT A
I sacrlne-. Address P. a, box 80, Ca I Oince.
BARGAIN; $25 TO $35 PER ACRE; CHOKE
land: 2 hours' ride from the city. H. J. DIG-
GLES, 69 coiumuiun buildinp, -S F.
FOR SALE— I2OO ACRES GRAIN AND FRUIT
land: fencea and Improved. Inquire £>. a.
IiR.iTON, Williams, Cat •
GARDEN LAND FOR GR 'IN LAND
vT prices: very choice for fruit, vegetables or al-
falfa; no irrigation needed: cheap transportation
to market; -well improved. LAKE, room 70, 916
Market St., S. F. . j ■ V* : ' : -
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California landv for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, San Franctsco.Cal.
ANCH BARGAIN; 95 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
ranch: best part or Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call Office.
T.ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
XJ proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on- S and 1 years' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City; every Mondcy at 632 Market St.. s. F.
OAKLAND i ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.'
CJOKA/V YOUR OWN TEKMS; ONE
iiP&K/\J\J, block to losai train; modern cottage;
abr aln: a!so«se- our $1600 house. WM. P.
■TODU, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
\Y ANTED— PLACE IN ELMHURST IN EX-
» » change for very luree lot and modern b room
cottage In I.orln: "price $2250: no mortgage. Ap-
ply Immediately to A. J. SNYDER & CO., 4(37
Ninth st.. v akland.
©7^TO «159 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
«n> I*J lots In the town of jntchDurg; a new sta-
tion established near ■ Oakland, on the Hay wards
and San Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacino
Company; only 46 minutes from Nan Francisco
and 6 minutes, from Oakland; electric-cars every
tar minutes: ' terms to toil buyers. Apply to
C M. KUNKLK. owner. VlS^a Waanlngiou su
Oakland. Cal. ;.  , T .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
:aTjMXKT>\ KJCjfiZi rSTAT":.
QJ9dnA NO CASH: «25 MONTHLY; 5-
O->-*»"v'. room cotta c: Inrjje lot near station.
$2600— Colonial coitage;five rooms; near narrow-
r»i>ce 81 a lor»: easy terms. : ' - ■
- $2750— Beautiful collage: colonial style; 6
rooms; near Grand-street station. "Your terms are
ours." ■. ■ •.-.:' . ■  .
MARCDSE & REMMEL, Bay-street station,
broad gauge, Alameda: 628 Market si., San Fran-
cisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
Ij EAUTIFUL SUBURBAN HOME, SAN JOSE
J) aye.. near Grand St.: bouse, 10 rooms and
bath: 2 years old: price $7000: or will exchange
for San Francisco. EASTON. ELDRJDGK CUM-
PAN V, 638 Market st. ;
9 -ROOM M >DER.V 3-STORY HOUSE AND
*J bath, 1 minute from Cbestnut-st. station, Ala-
meda, for sale: 1,3 cash, balunee e»sy itrms: or
lease: lot 50x150: flue garden, greenhouse, lawn
and chicken-yard: reason for selling, sickness.
Address B. ■-■ box 65, Call Office.
ON Ai COUNT OF LEAVING WILL SELL
large 6-room modern cottage on double lot at
great sacrifice: location most desirable and con- '
venient. Apply to owner, N. BARTON, 14*7 Mc-
Pherson st., litmeda. ■ ■
ffljO 4 A FRONT FOOT; 100x150; STREET
<IT — *± work all done: on a main avenue: 'A blocks
from Willow-street station. W. B. FI l'C H, Bay
Station. Alameda. or GaMAN LY0N.215 Kvaruy
at., San Francisco. .
I. AUOAINt-830 P; R FOOT;LO 18 ON NORTH
1 " side San Antonio avn., nenr Grand st.
250— 50x150; .-an Jos«> aye., nr. Willow st.
$1760—50x150. new modern house. 5 rooms
and buth; uortu side ot street; 111 us. be sold ac
once. . "-
Many other sacrifices. -
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
• 1500 Perk St.. Alameda.
AIABIEDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
c-Kocif MODERN W4-ITIuCATeK
C $35. See H. A. SMITH, 27 Market St.. or at
residence, 2067 san Jose aye., Alameda; ;■•»',■• •
BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
MUST BE SOLD; NO REASONABLE OFFER
lA refused: house of 6 rooms: bath: stable: chic ■-
en-house: street work done: near the cars- JOS.
J. MAS N. Herkeoy station .
' UEKKEX.EY HOUSES.
TTURNISHE D 1 8-ROOM HOUSE - COMPLETE,
X I bath, gas, laundry; near 3 car lints. MKS. 8.
J. I >- GALLS, Bancroft way. Berkeley.
'■'/'■'". STORAGE.
REDUCED RATES. FURNITUiSK, PIANOS.
XV householu gooJs. etc. T J. M. PIERCE. 735 Mitt.
j , lost.
I OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE . HIBERNIA
J Savings aud Loan Society of San Francisco la
the name of CHARLES L.aKIN or MaKY
LAKIN. Tne fl;:di-r wil! please re urn to bank.
ON DAY NIGHT. BUNCH KEYS; COR.
Seventh and Mission; one lugged 69 Return
Grand ."southern; reward. '.<■.■
LOST- A PASS-BOOK WITH Tin HIBERt
J nia Savings and Loan society of San Fran.
ci*co. in the name of LVSSY KLOI Z. orMA'l-
THACS KLOTZ; No. 162,712. The finder will
pie: return to bank. , - . '
RANCH OFFICE OFTUK CALL. 167 NINTH
st.. want ads and subscriptions taken.
BiKl M& — — DEATHS.
rr.irth. marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They mus: be handed in a;
either of tae publication office* aud be lndorittl
wjtb.the name and residaucoof persons autfionxai
to have mo tame published. 1
BOR!?.
GORHAM— In Oakland, February 21, 1897. to the
Wits of J. J. Gorham, a daughter.
LEVINE— In this city, to the wife of Simon Le
vine, a son. ■ .
WAT>ON— In Oakland. February 24. 1897, to the
wife of William Watson of Bouidio. « son.
Ulv.l). .
Bes^on, Lulu Franc.'3 McCue. George —
Da:ton, John P. McClunle. Johu
Ksplnos*. Balbino ' McUi-namin. John
Flndlo., John Me <ll!ichy, Mary
Guscetti, Sophie Osaood, Joiin A.
Hn;ne. Rosalie F. Peppier, Miria C.
Halllnan. John Rhoda, Frank L.
Krotcher, Huso J. . Tomanovlch, Andrla
Lav gan, Wllitam G. Vincent, samnel
Meeks, Wiiiiani N. "Weiiiiei, Atlolph
. Monroe, Sadie E. Wilson, i ohn C.
BESSON— Entered Into rest In this city, at 901 V*
sanphez street, February 23. 189. Lulu Fen-
ces, dearly beloved daughter of Ernie and Lulu
Besso ', and granddaughter of the late tieorge
W. Lawsaii, a native 01 . ban Francisco, aged ■*
year< 3 mouths and 7 days.
JK3"*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Thursday;, at 1:10 o'clock P. m.,
at the residence of h-r parents, 901 Va Baucbe»
street, corner Twenty-seoond. interment 1. U.
. 0. t\ Cemetery.
DALTON— A requiem high mass of a month's
■ mind will bo celebrated In Sacred Heart i nurcn,
. Fill more and Kelt streets. THIS DAY (Tuurt-
d y,i, at 9 o'clock a. X- for the r pose or th«
soul or the late John P. Dalian. Friends and
a< quamiances are respecttu.ly Invited to attend
ESPiNOSA— In the U'.y and County Hospital,
February 24, 1897, Balbiuo Esplooifa, aged 6 i
years. . .......
FJNDLEV— In this city. February 23, 1897. John,
beloved husband of Mane Finale/, a native of
W e«t Indies, aged 45 years. -
GUSCETTI— In thisciiy. February 22, 1837. So-
phie, beloved wife of C P. Guscetti and sister of
Lizzie and Emilio Glanninl, anativeof San
Francisco, a<ea 19 years 7 months and 3 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully mv. tea to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 3 Lewis street, between Post and Sui-
ter, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral. Interment
- 1. O. a F. Cemetery.
C of F. of A.— companions of Live Oak Circle No.
29: Attend funeral of oar deceased com-
panion, MRS. C. P. GUSCETTI. By order of
chief companion, MISS T. G RUN DEL.
HaGUE— In Tem°scat. Alameda County. Febru-
ary 24. 1897, Rosalie F. , mother of Mrs.. F. L.
Painter. C. W., C. D. and D. T. .Moore, Kate To.-
man and of the lati Lucy A. Norm, a native of
New York, aged 79 years 1 month and 9 days.
[Me onne.svllie and Athens (Onto) papers
please copy. j . .
49~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS HAY
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from her
. la.c residence, 2960 Telegraph avenue, Teme-
scai. Interment private.
HALLINAN— In this city, February 24, 1897.
. J ohn. beloved husband of Mary HulUn<wi, a. id
father of Michael liallinan, a native of Lime-
rick. Ireland, -aged 62 years.
JB3~Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. .C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mis-
sion street.
KRO>CHER-In this city, February 24. 1897,
' Hugo Julius Kroscher.
LANIGAN-ln' Brooklyn. N. V., February 24.
1897. Will. am G. Lanlgan, beloved son of the late
William and Mary Lanlgan, aud brother of Kd-
ward Lantgao and Mrs. li. J. Calannn, a native
of San Francisco, aged 35 years and 5 months.
MONROE— In this city, February 23, I'm. Sadie
Elizabeth Monroe (nee Powers), beloved wife of
Joseph W. Monroe, and mother of Harry A. and
Eva L. Monroe, a native of Brooklyn. N. V.,
used 38 years and » months. [Brooklyn (N. V.)
papers please copy.
riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 .o'clock p. m., from .the par-
lors of H. C. Porter & Co., 132 i.djy street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MKKKS— In North Temescai. February 22. 1897.
William Newton Meeks a native or New Yor£
Cltr. aged 76 years 1 month and 10 days.
. ASTFriends are repectfully Invtte'l to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Thursday, at 'i
o'clock p. 11.. from the residence, Columbus ave-
nue. North TemescaL Interment private. <;,t"^':
McCUK— this city, February 22. 1897, George
McCue, formerly of Yukon, Alaska, agdd 60
years.
jS9~Frlends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend llie funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from I. O. O. K.
Hall, corner Seventh and Market street. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
McCLUNIK— In Ashland, Or.. February 23, 1897,
John, be loved son of Agnes and the late John
'MrClnnle, and brother of Mr*. U. M. Johnston.
Wll lam J., Richard J., Jonathan E. and Robert
B. McClnnie.
aarThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. it. from the residence
of his brother. 1066 Klr^ham street,. Oakland
Interment private. Mountain View Cemetery. .
McGLINCHY— In this city, February 24, 1897,
Mary, beloved wife of Michael McGllnchy. a na-
tive of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 55 years.
49~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday}, at 9 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence. N.W. corner of Taylor and Filbert
streets, thence to st. Francis Church, where •
solemn requiem mast will ba celebrated for
the repose of her sou!, commencing at 9:30
o'clock a m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. Positively omit flowers, by request of de-
ceased. - *
McMENAMIN— In this city. February 23.1897.
John McMenamln, a native of Ireland, aged 30
years.
OSOOOD— In this city, February ' 22. 1897, John
A. Osgood, a native of Massachusetts, aged 70
j-eitrs. ;
.aarThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock P. m.. from the par-
lors of Halsred & Co.. 946 Missioa BETMt.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.- ■ -.
PKPPLER— Itt this city. February 24. 1837.; Ma-
ria CrUenthla beloved wife of Jacoo Peppier,
and ' mother of Godfrled Heegler of Naoa City
and Araalio Adrian of Ulan Wurtemberg, uer-
many, a native of Wursemberg, Germany, aged
72 years. . •■■■■(.
US' Remains at the parlors of Gautner <& Guntz,
8 and 10 City Hall square.
RHODA— In sou h San Francisco, February 24,
■ 1897, Frank Laurence, son of Franklin and
Bessie W. Rhod*, and grandson of L. W. and
- 11. S. Williams, a native or San Francisco, aged
3 years 'i inontu-* and 9 'lavs. ,
lag- Friends are respectfully Invited toatteni
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Friday), at
10 o'clock a. m., at the ■ Memorial Presbyterian
Church South San Francisco. Interment Moun-
"tain View Cemetery.
TOMAKOVICH- In this city, February 24.1897,
Andrla. beloved husband of Drage Tomanovich,
father of Baako, Gluro, Leso and Stevo Tomaao-
vlch, cousin of Stane MiccevlcS. and uncle of
B;>siika Marich and Nene Radonlch. a native of
Bocke dl Cattaro. Uenovich. Austria,' aged 45
ytur-t 9*'iionths an! 10 days. - - - - . ■
VINCENT— In Alameda, February 24, 1897,
Samuel, beloved husband ot Catherine Vincent,
and oroiner of Ricuard and Thomas Vincent,
a native or England, aged 42 years 8 month* and
IV days.
a3~The funeral will taico Diace SATURDAY,
February 27. at 11 o'clook a. m . from his late
residence, 2114 Buena Visa avenue. Alameda.
WENZEL— In Haywards, February 22, 1597.
Adoloh Wenzel, a native of Germany, aged 66
years 9 months and 27 days. ■ ■
OS-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
- (Thursday), at m i o'clock P. m., from his late
residence. In 11-iywards . Interment - at San
Lorenzo.
WILSON— In tht* city, February 24. 1897, John
C, beloved husband of Agnes Wlla >n. and
father of Joan C. Wilson Jr.. a native of Brook-
lyn. N. V.. aged 52 years. ' : . ,'•
OS" Friends and memberi of Oakland Com-
mand No. 11, Knights Templar, Oakland
Chapter No. 36. Royal Arch Masons, and
Yerua Buena Lod<e No. 15. L 0.0. F.. are re-
spect fully invited to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m.,
from Mav>nlc Tempie. Post and Montgomery
streets, unl-r the auspices of Golden Gate
Lodge No. 30, F. and a. M. Interment Cypresi
Lawn Cem« L ery, by 3:80 o'clock r v train
from Third aid Townseud streets. Please omit
flowers. ■ .'_ - ' ' '
MCAVOY St GALLAGHER, I
I* FONKRAL DIBF.CTOEB & EMBALM KRS, T
FCNKRAL DIRKCTORB & EMBALM HIBi,
SO Ftftk St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
"7AB^CM^?oIfKYT™ l^™ I>cSAS^IC1 > cSAS^lCM < XJ?O I MK7
JAMES MoMENOBIEX its SOS, .
UNUEU'X'AIwKKS ANI> EAIUAiiAIKBS.
LVJi Alisnion Street, Neat- seveuta. .
lele|)huiiH .-ou:n :ist. .
LAUREL HILL
CEHETERV ASSOCIATION
IS' PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALB
J. of burial pats and graves In its cemetery and
give deeds. ■ • :-■:. .-,
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's oflic* at the cemetery, corner
Bush street and Central avenue. Han Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY.
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST
tery to the city ; non-sectarian; in no sense as.
elusive; location unexcelled. Office *S»7 "f>f»#
•wed. southcaai corner <* tuxv& ■-■-■'" ' '■ ■
1314
PREPARING FOR
THE FINAL BATTLE
How the Fair People
Hoped to Get a Show
of Hands.
The Pencil De ds Fight Will
Swallow Up the Case of
the Notary.
All Issues in the Famous Litigation
Now Pending on the Struggle
to Begin Monday.
. Both sides in the fight between (Mrs.
Craven and (be representatives of the Fair
estate are busy sharpening their spears in
anticipation of the struggle which will
begin Monday morning before Judge
Siack.
Attorney W. M. Pierson, whose illness
was the cause of the postponement, is
convalescent again. As the attorneys who
will lead the onslaught against the pencil
deeds, he and his- partner, K. B. Mitchell,
yesterday liled a formal amended com
plaint in the big case. The documents set
lorth that the trust will lias already bee-n
admitted to probate, and in accordance
with an order of court W. K. Goodfellow,
James S. Angus and Thomas R. Crothers
are now executois under that will, instead
of special administrators.
Copies of this complaint, were served on
Mrs. Craven's attorneys yesterday. To
day they will join issue, as lawyers say,
and thus the last technicality in the way
of the big lawsuit has been removed.
The beginning of the civil case will be
the means of transferring interest from i
the Cooney affair to the fight over the
pencil deeds. Every issue in the compli
cated litigation is after all involved in the
cnee at issue before Judge Slacic. The part
Cooney played in the drama was after all
a small one, but he afforded a mark for
the Fair children to strike at in prefer
ence to an attack on their chief opponent.
It was an idea, bo it is said, of putting
obstacles in the way of the trial of the
pencil deeds that led youug Fair and
Captain Lees to charge the young notary
with perjury. They anticipated on a pre
liminary examination to introduce enough
evidence to have Cooney held for trial,
and then with a criminal action pending
they were confident Mrs. Craven would be
deterred from prosecutine her claims in
the civil courts.
The determination of the executors of
the estate to proceed in this case instead
of urging the trial of Cooney has not met
with the approbation of the attorneys
representing Mrs. Herman Oelrichs, Miss
Virginia I 1 air and their brother. Instead
it is now a bone of considerable conten
tion. The heirs ana their lawyers were
for using the criminal lever first and mak
ing an attempt at washing out the foreery
charge? in a haphazard manner before a
jury. From the beginning of the case
against Cooney it is known that the exe
cutors strongly disapproved of this flank
way of attacking Mr?. Craven. They
were for making the light in the civ:l
courts, an*i had convinced the lawyers for
Mrs. Oelrichs and Miss Fair of thef utility
of this couree. Young Fair, however, was
anxious to get betore the kaleidoscope,
and he proceeded at once to charge Cooney
with pper j ury, asserting that the certifi
cates upon which he made his acknowl
edgment of tlje pencil deeds were of &
form not printed until January, 1896, two
years after the death of me bonanza king.
Fair's attorneys at the time intimated
that more arrests would follow, but they
finally decided to rest their fortunes lor
the time being on Cooney's prosecution.
In addition to putting an obstacle in the
way of the civil trial the Fair attorneys
also hoped, it is said, to comtel Mrs.
Craven to show her hand, so to speak, in
Cooney's dofense. They expected t. at
Delmas and Shortridge and the other at
torneys for the pencil deeds wonld intro
duce evidence to clear Cooney of the
charge, and thus make public their plan
of campaign. The ruse failed,, as the
notary's attorneys preferred to allow him
to he held for trial, holding their ammu
nition in reserve for the big fight in the
civil courts.
Events thus far show that the Fair peo
ple have only succeeded fn their plans to
a 'partial dejiiee. They have succeeded
in having Cooney held lor trial in accord
ance with an order to that effect made
yesterday by Judge Cook, but they are aa
much in the tiarfc as ever in hauling out
the coveted chestnuts from the hearth*
Ftnne of the pencil deeds.
The Grand Jury has been asked by Judge
.Cook to consider the testimony presented
aga nst the notary, but as ail this lineu
must of necessity be washed out in the
•civil case, it is not probable that that body
will lake any action until trie result of
tne action before Judge Slack is decided.
Tii Us. it happen*, amon^ the many side
lights of tnis famous Inication, that the
KEW TO-DAT.
Wild
With Eczema
■ Hands and Limbs Covered with
Blisters, and Great
Red Blotches.
Scratched Until Almost Wild.
' Burned Like Fire. Sleep
Impossible.
Cuticura Brings Speedy Relief,
and a Permanent Cure
at a Cost of $2.
I was a sufferer for eight years from that
most distressing of all diseases, Eczema, but
can now say truthfully that I am entirely
cured. I tried some of the best physicians
io the country, but they did me little good.
The palms of. my hands were covered, and
would become inflamed; little white blisters
at first would appear, then they would peel
• off, leaving a red, smooth surface which would
•burn like fire and itch ; well, there is no name
for. it. On the inside of the upper part of
both uiviiiubs. great red blotches, not unlike
hives, would appear, and as soon a3 I became
■warm, the burning and itching would begin.
Night after night I would lie awake all night
ana scratch and almost go wild. I beard of
Cuticura remedies, got a box of Cuticcra
" (ointment), a bottle of Cdticira Resolvent
(blood purifier), and gave them a thorough
trial, and after a few applications I noticed
the redness and inflammation disappear ; be-
fore /had used one box there wa* not a »ign of
£ctema left I can truthfully assert that $2.00
worth of Cuticura KKMEPiEscured me. Any
one I meet who has Eczema, I do not h«sitate
a moment in recommending your remedies.
. JOHN D. PORTE,
1115 Carson St., Pittsburg, Pa.
' Ixstaxt Relief a ki> Speedy CrntE Treat-
ment fob Every Humor.— Warm baths with
< tticuba Soap, gentle applications of Cuti-
oora (ointment), the great Bkin cure, and
mild doses of Cuticura Resolvent, great-
est of blood purifier* and humor cures.
' Sold throughout th* world. Potter Dkco ah» Cbxm.
Coir. Sole Prop*., Ho«ton. ._ , _ : ' ." ''
All About the Blood, Skin.and Botlp," m»lUd f»e«.
Chi I IMP UAID Pimply F»ce«. Baby BlemUhet,
FALLING HAlti . Curedb7Cui.oc«*SoA*.^
civil case swallows up in its issues all
criminal prosecutions. All the chapters
in the litigation over the esiute of tiie
dead millionaire will be recited in this
case.
CLEVER NEWSPAPER ART WORK
Chronicle's Exhibition for Charity of
I', eat l'en Drawing* for Big Journal*.
Aunioueand interesting exhibition of
the original drawings for the illustrations
of the greatest newspapers of the country
was opened yesterday in the rooms of the
Partiuglon School of Illustration at 424
Pine street. The collection, numbering
over 800 pieces and covering walls and
numerous screens, represents the best
work of the best-known newspaper artists
of the aay.
All manner of things and scenes and
persons are included in the display of
skillful drawings contributed by the
Rocky Mountain News, the St. L mis Re
public, the Detroit Evening News, the
Chicago Times-Herald, thp Atlanta Con
stitution, the Chicago News, the Chi
cago Herald, the Philadelphia Pub
lic Ledger, the New York Morn
ing World, the New York Sunday
World, the New York Press, the New
York Adverti er, the Cincinnati Enquirer,
the Chica.o Inter Ocean, the Chicago
Journal, thp Brooklyn E igle; the Evening
Standard of New Bedford, Mass. ; the N*w
York Herald, the Detroit Free Press, the
Washington Post, the Denver Republican,
the Chicago Tribune, the New York
Tribune, the Los Angeles Times, the
Washington Evening Star, the Baltimore
American, the Salt Lake Tribune, the San
Francisco Chronicle and work of the San
Francisco Stetch Club.
The whole exhibit is most entertaining
ami instructive, the more so, perhaps,
because newspaper illustrations and the
names of newspaper artists are widely
known.
Charity is to profit from the nominal
admission price charged ana from the
sale of the pictures, all of which, collected
by the San "Francisco Chronicle from the
cleverest journalistic artists in the United
States, will be sold in aid of a worthy
cause.
The exhibition will continue to-day,
Friday and Saturday during forenoons,
afternoons and evenings.
A great many persons attended the
exhibition last night and fair sales were
made. Music was a feature of the even
ing; it will enlighten the remaining even
ing exhibitions. ••*:-*
. — — .
Jkwglby store, 5-7 Third, removed 1 to 30 3
Kearny. .Large stock of diamonds, watches, etc. *
NO RELIEF TOR INDIA.
The Local Charitable Movement Had
to Be Abandoned Yesterday.
To the great mortification of the local
Indian famine relief committee the move
ment to send ships laden with grain from
the United States to Calcutta has had to
be abandoned.
Yesterday the whole thing fell through,
so to speak, and the promises made will
not be fuililied. The reason was summed
up in two words, "no money."
With free ships! free grain and pros
pective free transportation, the relief !
scheme had to be abandoned because it j
would cost too much money to bring the j
grain from the Western States to this i
port. The cost of collecting the food j
would have amounted to a very large sum, j
and this the committee was unable to col- '
lect because of the demands upon the
generous of this City on behalf of the un- j
employed now here assembled.
Wherever the committee went for money
it found that the people were more in
clined to look after those on the Pacific
Coast Wi.o are in need of assistance than
those of other rich countries who are un
fortunate. However. Treasurer Lilien
thal will send the $800 already collected
to the relief committee in London.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits lor divorce have b^en Hied as follows:
Otto Gross against Clara Gross, for cruelty;
Catherine Scott against Chester Scott, for
cruelly; Abbte Gregory against William M.
Gregory, ior cruelty ; Bertha H. Jordan against
Kmest B. Jordan, for cruelty.
Damages to a Kentnd Schooner.
J. J. Raver. as assignee of J. K. Kane, has
sued Henry A. Hebard in the Justices' Court
to recover on account of damages to the
schooner Alta, which was rented by Uebard,
the sum of $299 99.
A CHAMPION OF OLD IRELAND.
Rev. Jamps McFadden, commonly known as "the Patriot driest of Gweedore,"
will lecture on "Ireland and Her Wrongs" at Metropolitan Temple on the evening
of Marcti 10.
Peculiar interest attaches to the lecture on account of the personality of Father
McFadden. He acquired considerable notoriety in Ireland on account of his
manliness and fearlessness in defense of nis people against landlords and misgov
eniment. In 1888 he was imprisoned for six months in Londonderry jail under
Mr. Ual four's "forever and forever" coercion act, and again in 1889 for three
months.
At his arrest on leaving his church on Sunday, February 3, 1888, in presence of
the congregation, the people became so excited that the District Inspector of
Police, who had charge of the warrant of arrest, lost his life. The reign of
terror that followed in Gweedore after the catastrophe is said to nave baffled
description.
An nrmy of occupation was drafted into Gweedore by the Irish executive at
Dublin Castle and the peasants were harried by every manner of persecution, mid
night raids, etc. A police constable was appointed to give "passes" to w« lt tiie
public roaiis; arrests were numerous, and gunboats searched the caves along the
shorea with electric lights. Derry jail was crowded with Gweedore peasants, while
it also retained within its stone walls and iron rails their much-revered parish
priest. Prosecutions and trials, changing of venues, packing of juries and all the
aggravations of the evil of Castle rule in Ireland followed. "Delenda est Gwee
dore" became the motto of the Government, and the priest of Gweedore and his
people were transferred to Maryborough, in Queens County, to insure the end.
Discredit and defeat, however, followed in due time, and the peasants are now
at home in poverty-stricken Gweedore and Father McFadden is pursuing a mission
of charity in San Francisco.
His Jot has fallen on evil days. Times are hard, depression general. This has
told on the father's mission. It. is thought that Irishmen in San Francisco, as
well as the citizens generally, will give this hero of the Irish priesthood a warm
reception in Metropolitan Temple on March 10, and by i heir aplendid rally save
the good priest's mission to the City from almost total failure.
Tickets may be bad at Hibernla Hali, Ninth street; K. R. B. Hall, Mason and
O'Farrell streets; Deasy Bros., Sixth street; J. J. O'Brien's. Market street; O'Con
nor & Moffat's, Post street ; "Tbe Hub," Kearny street, and other business houses
in the City.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1897.
WILL SPREAD THE
LIGHT OF ASIA
Rev. D. Dharmapala Is
Here From Calcutta,
India.
Will Deliver Lectures on The
osophy, Philosophy and
Religion.
Us s Scholarly English and Accepts
No Money in His Life's
Work.
A du*ky Buddhist priest from Calcutta
India, attired in the picturesque yellow
I silken toga peculiar to his high religious
office, arrived here yesterday, and will re
main live weeks, delivering philosophical
discourses at the different churches, and
telling sometoing of the teachings of the
ancient religion which, partly through his
j efforts, is now being restored to India
after long oblivion.
His name is H. Dharmapala, and he
was official representative of the Bud
dhists to the world's parliament of reli-
I gions in Chicago during the fair.
Of high culture and intellectual bearing,
he is a man who at once impresses his
I hearers with a feeling that with many
such men in India there would be littie
need for missionaries. He uses English
! with the ease and skill of one accustomed
! to end educated in the language from
I childhood, and yet he is a foreigner who
speaks other languages as well.
He baa come here primarily upon the
invitation of Golden Gale Branch Xhe
osophical Society.
And respecting the India relief meas
ures, he has a plan to suggest. Let those
> here a-nd in London who are raising iunus
! to send on corn telegraph at once to South
| crn India, where corn in plenty is stored,
| asking that it be immediately shipped lo
tiie northern districts, the English ana
American contributors guaranteeing to
reimburse the granaries. By the tedious
means of transportation across the seas,
thousands will have died before relief
arrives.
The following Sunday evening lectures
will be given by Key. Mr. Dnarmapala in
Native Sons' buiiding for the Golden
Gale Branch Theosophical Society:
February '28— "Buddhism and Christianity."
March 7— '-Brahmans and Buddhistic Tran-
I scendenial Science."
March 14— "Religions of India."
March 21 — "What Is Theosophy ?"
March 'J.H— "Future oi Christianity in Asia."
He spoke last nitrht before the Golden
i Gate Branch in Native Sons' building
; upon tbeosophy.
Aside ironi these occasions he is open to
all engagements to speak at other times
on Sundays and on weekdays.
"I should like," be said, "to give my
! message through various Christian
I churches in tbis City, in Oakland and in
i Aiameda, but I shall lecture on whatever
'■ subject is preferable to my audience.
"From here I shall go to Boston. I
■ shall lecture there at Harvard University
J and in Maine, and also at Baltimore.
"In Aupust I shall pass through bere
on my way to China.
"Next year I purpose to explore Thibet,
' a land .-acred to Tbeosophists. It is, you
j know, the only country where missiona
ries have not oeneiratea. I wish very
much to go to see the country and to bring
back a true account of that country of
mystery, from which all explorers have
been turned back after going just so far.
It is believed to be the home, the school,
of occult pbiiosophy. In its capital of
I Lhassa there is a great temple, in which
Friends: It was in October, 1893, that I had the pleasure of becoming ac
quainted with your people. The first cordiality 6hown to me in my travels — the
affectionate hospitality I received wherever I went — inspired me to love your peo
ple, and I promised my friends to revisit America, the land of noble freedom, the
refuge of the persecuted from intolerance and religious b'gotry.
Since I left the shores of the golden Pacific 1 have been a messenger of peace
and brotherhood to the nations inhabiting Japan, China, Slam, Burmali, Thibet,
Ceylon and India. India— the cradle land of religions, the birthplace of Buddhism,
the holy land of the Buddhists, well-nigh forgotten for seven centuries by the fol
lowers of the Lord of Compassion — was the scene of my labors during the lan
two years for the rescuing of the great shrine at Buddha Gaya. A powerful Brah
manical priesthood and a despotic political bureaucracy were the machines set in
motion against the efforts I was making to revive the hopelessly forgotten teach
ings of Buddha. India, once the land of the Buddha, now not one of her children
knows the history of her past greatness. There is now not one Buddhist in all
India. Seven centuries ago the persecuting and iconoclastic sword of the Moham
medans destroyed three religions from their native soils — Christianity from Pales
tine, Zoroaatrianism, the religion of the Parsees, from Persia, a.nd Buddhism from
India.
Convinced of the great truth that righteousness ultimately triumphs I worked
on for the consummation of the object which was to all my friends and co
religionists a chimera.
The spiritual battle that was begun on the birthday anniversary of Buddha,
the full moon day of May. 1894, against priestly Brahmanical selfishness ended in
the occupation of this holy spot on the very day two years later when for tiie first
time the anniversary of the birthday of the Great Teacher was being celebrated
after seven hundred years in the metropolis of British India, Calcutta, by the
native Hindoo?, who participated in the rejoicings in the hope that Buddhism, the
religion of compassion, will again have a place in India.
Your glorious poet-philosopher, Emerson, said, "America, thy name is oppor
tunity," and to America is given the opportunity to save India from the clutches
of priestly selfishness and political despotism. The teeming millions are treated
like dumb beasts, native industries are being killed by importation of cheap and
worthless goods, people groaning under heavy taxation, laborers compelled to
work for starving wages, grain that used to be stored up in the ancient days under
native kings in anticipation of lamines exported to the last seed, the revenue of
the lands wasted in carrying out useless military expeditions in the foolish fear
of the phantom created by the Russophobe politician, so that the Russian bear
may be frightened. The peace that the people of India enjoy under
British administation is that of the child that is tortured to death by
the cruel father, who insists on the child by threats to hold his tongue
and not speak a word and not cry! Thousands oi deaths occur every year
by the depredations of tigers and yet not one is allowed to keep firearms in
his house. The British politician has killed the individuality of the people like
the Pharoabs of Egypt. A great people, who have given world-saviors like
Buddha and Sankara Charya, law-givers like Manu, poets like Kalidasa, Kings
like Asoka, whose rock cut edicts, alter 2000 years, are being discovered and deci
phered in all parts of India, are now being ill-treated by the most glorious and
heroic of all nations. The British sing daily, "Britons shall never be slaves,"
but they take a glory in enslaving races and destroying the independence which
they would like to enjoy. The Buddhist tings of old praised not conquest by
sword, but they praised conquest by knowledge in spreading the gospel of peace
in unknown lands, as recorded in the A-oka edicts.
The best people on earth, to you I bring the lamentations of the peopie of
India, who are dying by thousands from want of food caused by a catastrophe
the greatest the world's history has seen, which is expected to last till next June.
British administration is alone responsible for this terrible calamity. Like the
sleeping virgins they slept and the bridegroom came, but they were too late.
Ayain I say with Emerson "America, tby name is opportunity." Mother India
wants your help.
7000 monks congregate three times a day ]
and chant sacred song? and invoke bless- j
inps on all the world, '.bet there be peace
and love among all peoples and all races
and nations.' It must be an impressive
scene.
"I came to Chicago by way of England
last September, but I was there three
years ago at the Congress of Religions.
Since 1 left here three years ago I have
traveled about 6o,ooo miles through many
countries.
"Since 1886, when I renounced my home j
in Ceylon to devote my life to work for |
humanity, I have been traveling from
place to place. For five years I was en
gaged in educational work in Ceylon.
"My work in India now is to revive j
Buddhism, the ancient religion of the
country. Only recently we have not back,
after rive years' struggle, the Maba-bodi j
Temple, about 200 miles ironi Calcutta, i
For 700 years the Brahmans held posses- I
sion oi It. It was restored afier a big and j
sensational lawsuit in Calcutta, which '
cost the alleged owner $50,000 to defend I
his claim and attempt to prove that it was
a Hindoo ten*,le. Its possession has
brought fame to its alleced proprietor, (or
all the tourists that visited it also called j
upon him. Possession is only partly re- I
stored, but in that temple now controlled
by the Government th* budduists have
one sacred foothold in India.
"Suiuangala, the high priest of Bud- ;
dbism, who resides in Ceylon, is one of th*»
cleverest Oriental scholars now livinc. !
He is an honorary member of the Royal j
Asiatic Society, which implies the very j
highest scholastic honor. He is also j
president of tne Maha-BodQi Society.
"India, the land of the noble ones,
twenty-five centuries ago was in the
zenith of her intellectual glory. It was a
period of struggle, the Brahmanical hier- |
arcny maintaining principles of ritualism '
and upholding purity of birth as
the absolute qualification for gaining de
liverance; wandering ascetics subscribing
to do promulgated system of religion;
sectarian teachers advocating their own
beliefs, each teaching that his doctrine is
the best and that all the rest are false. At
such a time, in the midst of search and
strife after religious growth, the 'Lion of
the Sakya Race,' the supremely enlight
ened, all-perfect Buddna appeared on the
scene.
"Buddha's doctrine is an ethical code
and a transcendental psychology.
"What did he teach? After centuries of
oblivion European Orientalists hare given
out the doctrines of the great teacher;
they h»»ve made the declaration that his
code ol morality is perfect.
"His chief tenets are these:
One— That the existence of suffering Is a
truth; that this suffering exists in manifold
ways; thai birth, decay, dissolution of the
physical body, painful separation and painful
association ali brine sorrow.
Two— That this suffering is due to the un
quenched, unsatisfied, selfish desires, the
longing to exist in the enjoyment of sensual
pleasure, the longing for a continuity of per
sonal existence in the bliss ul regions, the
pe>simistic longing for self-annihilation.
This is called the truth of the cause of suffer
ing.
Three— Emancipation from sorrow, the eter
nal, unconditioned, absolute peace, the end of
suffermp aud sorrow. This is called the truths
of cessation ot suffering.
Four— The: noble way, the eightfold path;
(a) right conception of the law of cause and
effect; (b) right thought; (c) right speech;
(6) ngnt notion; (c) right living; (f) rieht
endeavor; (g) righi utseipline of mind. This
is the i!Oole eightfold path, the middle way,
which Buiiiliia discovered, avoiding the ex
trvmeso! physical asceticism and ot sensual
luxurious living— both unworthy for gaining
the high ideal.
F«ll Frum Hi* Bicycle
Peter Vaviioff, proprietor oi a restnrant at 8
Hayes street, was riding his bicycle in Golden
Gate Park last evening, when he struck a snag
■arid foil, fracturing his r ght arm aud sustain
: ing a lacerated- wound over the left eye. He
was taken to the Receiving' Hospital.
Not how cheap, but how good for the money;
priming and binding. Mysell-KoiUus, 22 Clay*
NEW 10-DAT- DRY GOODS. "
IPISiSStiiiSiSSS — -®®®®®®®®«&xsxsxs)®®®® II
11 Came in from the factories yesterday afternoon. Hardly J|
II expected so early. Waist Silks, French Millinery Flowers &§
II and 19,000 yards of Flannelette. On exhibition and for §|
®® sale to-day. "•■ ; • __^__ l:f
1 THE NEW MILLINERY FLOWERS. §
000 An import order direct from Paris, France (the result of negotiations 06a
«£ made with a manufacturer last November) American Beauty Roses, Vio- °V°
3C lets, Chrysanthemums, Apple Blossoms, Buttercups, Pinks, Holly Leaves £)~
3£ and Berries, and (be latest Paris craze. Geranium Leaves and Blossoms. jX,
OJO Some colors we have never seen before. More to be told next Sunday. c^
I THE NEW SILKS FOR WAISTS.
I Two arrivals yesterday. CHRYSANTHEMUM SURAH is one. Large I
/ll chrysanthemum-like group? are boldly set off by a plain ground. Colors— /ll
/ \ heliotrope, navy, black, azurine blue or brown. The fad for waists, 24 /0\
1' » inches wide, will probably be about 75c a yard. * ' V
,\l/. The second lot is called ARABIAN MOTTLE. Bold mottled figures \ /
\f/ cover a dainty white crepe ground, self-colored- dots peep out here and It/
v/ there, as if afraid of their surrounding beauty. It is 22 inches wide and will W
I be 85c a yard. I
I THE NEW FLANNELETTES. l\
5£ 19,000 yards came in yesterday. Some very new patterns in light colors. OS/
000 Will be 7c a yard. «*jo
I ' SPECIALS! I
®S Specials for to-day only. To prevent dealers buying ®|j
llj up these lots a limit is placed on each item advertised. §®
®'5 PONGEE SILK, perfect in PVPry 1 fkC GENTS' LAUNDERED ®®
W§ . respect. The 20c line to-day -»-" SHIkTs, best shirting, re-en- '• •)
(•)•> * only at Yard forced front, 4-ply bosoms, sizes QCO $$
(s'<•) (Not over 20 yards to each customer.) 14 to 16. The 60c line to-day ' ZO ®®
*••) only at Each ft®
I! FLANNELETTES, a K ood grade: AC (Only 4to each_c US tomer.) ||
,»* to-day only, hpeclal tt KID GLOVES, a new 4-buttoned (SVS)
« . «. • Yard kid clove, while, black or ecru, OAt &'•)
®» (Not over 15 yards to a customer.) embroidery back, '10-dar until »'v» /Ji^
*» 6F. M.. special Each S|,
js|j TOOTH BRUSHES, a cood stiff . AC SWISS HANDKERCHIEFS, col- me
bristle, As a leader to-oay. rt oed hem and colo ed ombroia- Ig »*
Each ered. '1 he 10 ■ line to-day at... Each ><® '
(g)S (Not over 5 to each customer.) (Not over 10 to each' customer.) S§
|1 / (INCORPORATED] / . CINCORPORATED]. S@
II 937-945 Market St., ! 937-945 Market St. 1$
*» SAN FRANCISCO. :"-. •."'■ : SAX FKAX CISCO. (•;<•)
(y/.»igysysffl|Sy«ysxs s .tsxsysysfflgigyS) ffv»y>y»v»y«v»ye)'?igKgygvsvgysvgira' (§(§
• a®®®^®'?!«<s;®®®®®sx?«s) — - —^ (^®®^»>?<?y^s®(?x?<s)«s)®<«)® $>®
®®®®®|Xl)®<«^(si®®gX«Xs)®® =■ ®®«(sX2A2XS<il®S<«X»(!>S!(s)®® ®®
MRS. STANFORD
GOES EAST
It Is Given Out That She
Will Sell Her Wash
ington Property.
The Rare Pictures, Curios and
Bric-a-Brac to Be Brought
to This City.
Will Witness the Inauguration of
McKinley — Her Private Secretary
and Henry Lathrop Go Along.
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford ieft last evening
for Washington, D. C, where she will re
main several weeks. She was accom
panied by Henry Lathrop, Mrs. Bothnei,
her secretary, and maid and butler.
The lady and suite went in the private
car Stanford, in which she and the Sena
tor used to travel for so many years, in
going to New York, Washington and
other places. It is a favorite car with
her, and it is said that she would not
think of traveling in any other, so much
is she attached to it, because of the pleas
ant memories surrounding it.
Mrs. Stanford had made several prepar
ations to co previously, and each time the
car was victualed and otherwise stocked,
but little matters of business intervened
and caused a postponement. She will
now co straight through to Washington,
and will arrive in time for the exercises in
connection with the inaugural of Presi
dent McKinley. Probably none will be
more •welcome at the White House than
the philanthropic lady of California.
The great object, however, of Mrs. Stan
ford in going East at this time, as given
out, is to sell the great mansion in Wash
ington. Mrs. Stanford has been closing
out different properties lately. She has
turned over the California-street residence
to be used as an art gallery and place for
popular lectures in connection with the
university. It is in this, so it is stated, that
she will concentrate her treasures.
The curio?, brick-a-brac,paintings and rare
things from at home and abroad, now in
the Washington mansion, are to be put in
the big house on the hill for the univer
sity. Eventually the works of art and
curios in the Mcnlo mansion will go there
also, but that will probably be a long time
in the future.
But meantime the Washington property,
aside from that to be moved here it is un
derstood, will be sold.
Mrs. Stanford is disposing of a great
deal of her property now besides the Cali
tornia-street property which is to be used
for an art gallery and place for lectures
after her lifetime, and which was deeded
by her to the. university recently. She is
advertising the sale oi her extensive Sands
in Teham3, San Liuis Obispo, Contra
Costa and Santa Clara counties. The lady
wants to rid herself of the responsibility
of holding all these properties. The great
Gridley, Palo Alto and the other ranches
Kiven oricinally by Senator and Mrs. Stan
ford to the Stanford University were worth
$.0,000,000. T.'ese bequests of Mrs. Stan
ford are additional.
Mrs. Stanford left- last nieht at 5:30
o'clock.
The Labor 3la«i- Meeting
The California Liibor Convention will hold
a mass-meeting this evening in Metropolitan
Temple for the purpose of reviewing the action
oi the State Legislature with reference to the
labor bills indorsed by the convention. The
committee of arrangements of the latter body
met last evening, and reports were made that
all the necessary talent and music had been
obtained. It was suggested thnt the matter of
the impending strike of printers in the State
Printing Office be one of the subjects for dis
cussion, but it was decided to not meddle with
the matter until more definite information be
obtained.
hew TO-DAT.
ANOTHER
11 3 DAY
BARGAIN FIESTA
More popular every
week grow these
Three Day Saving
Sales. No economi-
cal woman should
miss them.
HAMS
Eastern sugar cured: excellent flavor;
Regularly sold for HV£c.
THREE DAY TRICE I»}£c lb.
SILVER PRUNES
Best obtainable crop. Sold every-
where for 1214g lb.
THREE DAY PRICE 8c lb.
RYE WHISKEY
Our own bottling; rich and old; purity
guaranteed. Regular price $1.25 per
bottle.
THREE DAY PRICE 85c per boU
FREE COFFEE
Come and get a cup of our celebrated
Ideal blend this week.
! 21 Stockton Street, 13253 Fill more St.,
NEAR MARKET. 8 Corner Lombard.
| Telephone Main 5522. 1 Telephone West 152.
Send for Catalogue. Mail orders receive
special attention. ■ '-■■ i :■.
FURNITURr
CARPETS
BEDDING
Prices Right,
Terms Easy,
Largest Stock,
Largest Store.
We have on hand a large line of
SUPERIOR-SECOND-HAND GOODS
at very low figures, among which
.are the following :
20 0 Bed ski ranging from $7 00 an
'SCO Carpets, a 1 size». fiotu 84 fiu nn I
,160 lozen f;mir». each ...." «,i *J V
.^o:a Be sand ( onc.i-s from **4 nn",.^ I
Hai Rbcjh. from..: ""llMi?,£ *
Parlor (*u. f.om ."^asOup
SHOWCASES. COUNTERS, ETC '
TWO ACRES OF FLOOR SPACE PACKED
J. nsrooisr^Lisr
1017-1019-1021-1023 MlsstoTMrni^ '
&16-518-520-522 Minna fct-ee
Above Sixth.
Phone, Jessie 4L Open Evening*,