VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 59.
GAGE HAS GONE
TO SEE McKINLEY
Summoned by the Major in
Regard to the Treas
ury Portfolio.
Regarded as an Indication of an
Informal Tender of the
Piace.
S nator Sherman Will Not Resign
Till He Is Co; firmed as S.c
retary of State.
HICAGO, 111., Jan. 27.— Lyman J.
J ■-, president of the First National
' liaok of Chicago, received a telegram this
afternoon from Major McKinley, asking
him to come to Canton. Mr. Gage left on
the 11:30 train to-night over the Pennsyl
vania road and will arrive in Canton at
1 :30 to-morrow afternoon.
Major McKinley's message i* taken as
an indication that he will tender the
treasury portfolio to the Chicago banker. I
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. 27.— The complex j
political probiem surrounding the selec- j
lion of Major McKmiey's Cabinet is now
believed to be practically solved, and
Lyman J. Gage of Chicago as Secretary of j
tjie Treasury is regarded as the key to th-^ j
•ituation, and -the almost certain choice of
• the President-elect. This moral certainty
.is strengthened by the fact that the presi
dent of the First National Bank of Chi
cago is now on nis way to Canton, in re
sponse to Ihe telegraphed request of the
major to visit him.
Chairman Hanna came here and was
engaged for several hours to-day in con
sultation with Mr. McKinley. It is
thought that Mr. Hanna approved of Mr.
Gage as chj^f of the treasury. It is known
that ever since the election of Mr. McKin
ley powerful personal and political pres
sure has been exerted on the next Presi
dent, especially from friends and Repub
lican leaders in Chicago and the Middle
Western State, to procure the appointment
of Mr. Gage for the treasury portfolio.
The work has been done in such a quiet
and dignified manner that public atten
tion has not been directed toward the
influence until recently. It is now be
lieved that Mr. Gage's appointment to the
treasury will be determined this week.
. When that position is filled the other
portfolios can easily be disposed of. ex
cept as to that to be given to New York.
That problem remains as intricate as ever.
me impression prevails here th*t
enerai Woodford has the best chance of
appointment.
The President-elect does not seem to
have been influenced against General
"Woodford by the mild protest which was
entered against him yesterday from East
ern visitors.
Colonel John Hay is here in the interest
of a friend and does not now expect a
Cabinet position for himself.
Ex-Governor Osborn, who has been the
guest of Cornelius Bliss at Jeykill Island,
on the Georgia Coast, will remain here
until Friday and then return East.
Mr. Hanna's visit is not taken to have
any bearing on the Ohio Senatorial situa
tion. Cabinet and inauguration matters
engrossed the time of his conference with
Major McKinley.
Governor Bushnell has received a letter
from Senator Sherman, stating that he
•will not resign his seat in the Senate until
he is con firmed as Secretary of State.
ZIMaX J. GAOL'S CAREER.
Waa at One Time Sight Watchman at a
Lumber- Yard.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 27.— Lyman J.
Oage, the foremost financier in the West
ern metropolis, and who is likely to suc
ceed Secretary of the Treasury Carlisle,
■was born at Deßnyter, Madison County,
N. V., June 28. 1836. His parents, Eli A.
and Mary Judson Gage, were descended
from English stock, and were born in New
York State. Lyman was taken to Rome,
JJ. V., when 10 years old and placed in
the Rome Academy, where he remained
four years. His term in that institution
practically constituted his entire scholas
tic education.
His first position in business Jife was as
clerk in the Rome postoffice, and later he
became route agent on the Rome and
"Watertown Railroad. In 1854 Mr. Gage
m obtained his first bank position, being
\ employed in the Oneida Central Bank, at
Borne, at a salary of $100 a year.
He remained there a year and a half,
and in the fall of 1885 he arrived in Chi
cago. He took the first job he could get,
■ with a lumber-yard and planing-mill firm.
He was engaged as bookkeeper, but he did
other utility work, such as loading and
unloading lumber and teaming. The ex
treme business depression of 1858 com
pelled the firm to dispense with his ser
vices .is bookkeeper, but rather than fcave
• no job at all Mr. Gage worked for six
weeks as night watchman of the firm's
property.
■ While engaged in that humble but
bread-winning capacity the opportunity
of Mr. Gage's life came to him in the
shape of on offer of a position as book
keeper for the Merchants' Savings, Loan
and Trust Company.
From that position, nearly two score
year> ago, Mr- Gage's career has been up
. ward by long, steady strides until now he
occupies the highest position which can
be attained in any financial institution in
Chicago, that of president of the First Na
tional Bank. In the spring of 1860 he had
become assistant cashier of the Merchants'
Bank; later cashier, which office he held
until 1868, when he accepted the same
position in ttie service of the First Na
tional Bank with which he has remained
continuously. His promotion was rapid.
The old charter of the bank expired in
and upon the reorganization of the
• bank Mr. Gage was elected vice-president
and general manager.
About the same time a* special compli
rn nt was paid to his abili y as a banker
by his election to the presidency of the
American Bankers' Association. About
two years ago this week Mr. Gage was
elected president of the bank on the re
tirement of Mr. Nicholson, although Mr.
The San Francisco Call
LYMAN J. GAGE, Probable Secretary of the Treasury in President
McKinley's Cabinet.
Gage had been the real president of the <
bank for several years.
At the inception of the World's Fair
enterprise, Mr. Gage showed his faith in
the financial outcome, guaranteeing, with
three other eentlemen, that Chicapo would
carry out her part of the contract and
raise $10,000,000, which was largely in
strumental in securing the fair for Chi
cago.
Mr. Gaffe was the first president of the
World's Fair directory, but on his eleva
tion to the presidency of the bank, he was
obliged to retire from the presidency of
that board. He refused to accept any of
the princely salary the directors had set
aside for the president of the directory.
Mr. Gage has been married twice — first j
in 1864 to Miss Sarah Eiheridge, daughter '[
o; Dr. Francis B. Etheridge of Littl- Falls, ,
N. V., who died in 1874, and in 1887 to |
Cornelia Gaee of Denver, Colo. He is a !
lover of art and literature, beinff a director
of the Art Institute, and spends many of
his evenings in his library, although be- j
ing con-iderable of a club man and a fre- j
quent figure at banquets.
SB ERMAX HVGUEsia IIAX\A.
But It In Thought Qorernor Bushnell
Will Aot appoint Him.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 27.— Governor
Bushneil to-night admitted that it was
true that Senator Sherman had written a
letter to him in regard to his resignation
from the Senate. He said the letter was
private and as he had regarded it as con
fidential he would still do so, though he
might ultimately give it to the public.
No one but himself ha:l seen it. He
would say, however, what every one would
guess anyhow, that the Senator told him
that he would probably soon resign and
that he thought it would be best lor the
party and for the State and country if
Mr. Hanna would be appointed as his
successor.
It is generally believed that the Gov
ernor will not comply with Senator
Sherman's request and his manner of
speaking of the advice he had received
frpm the Senator seemed to corroborate
this view of it.
AN EARLY TARIFF BILL
Hanna Speaks of the Programme of the
New Administration — Dinghy and
Aldrich at New York.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 27.— A Sun
special from Canton, Ohio, says: Chair
man Hanna left at 4 o'clock this afternoon
for Cleveland. Before leaving he gave, in
a somewhat indirect way, the programme
for early legislation under the incoming
administration.
He referred to the current gossip that it
is the intention of Major McKinley to
convoke. Congress in an extra session on
ASSEMBLYMAN TREACY, Who Is Looking Out for the Interests
of the Bakers.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, JANUARY 28, 1897.
March 15, and he also intimated strongly
that an understanding has been reached
with the doubtful Senators which insures
the success of an administration tariff
bill.
The programme as arranged is that
Chairman Dingley of the Committee on
Ways and Means' where the bill will orig j
mate, will frame a bill.
He is at it now and Senator Aldrich is
assisting him and preventing the incor
poration of any clause that will meet
with objection in the upper branch of
Congress. When the measure reaches the
Senate he is to pilot it througn.
The programme, as it is arranged, calls
for tire passage of a bill within sixty days,
and the schedules to be arranged so as
that the measure would be in full force
and effect with the beginning of the fiscal
year, on July 1.
The bill is to be distinctively a protec
tion bill, incorporating, so far as it is
practicable, the main features of the Mc-
Kinley law, but the first requirement of
the new measure is that it shall produce
sufficient revenue to meet the needs of the
Government.
The desire of the administration, Mr.
Hanna said, is to get the tariff measure
into operation as soon as possible, so that
the country may experience the relief of
its increased revenues. That, he said, is
what the country needs, and until it is
secured no substantial improvement can
be expected. He expects an era of pros
perity to immediately follow the enact
ment of the new tariff bill and hopes for
but little relief irom the present depres
sion before that time.
QUITS HER GIPSY LOVER.
After a Violent Quarrel Princess Chimay
Pecks Her Trunks and Leaves
for Monte Carlo.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 27.— A dispatch to
the Mail from Vienna says that a violent
quarrel occurred between Princess Chi
may, formerly Clara Ward of Detroit, and
Janos Rigo, the Hungarian gipsy musican
for whom the Princess recently deserted
her husband. The screams of the Princess
j and the violent language of Rigo created
! great excitement and alarm among the
| guests of the hotel where the couple were
staying and coniplaiift was made to the
landlord. The affair ended by the depart
, ure of the Princess, who started unat
i tended by tue.eypsy for Monte Carlo.
Before leaving the Princess paid her own
share of the board due at. tho hotel, but
refused to pay that unpaid by Rigo, who
is consequently in an awkward position,
being in need of money to settle his ac
count. . . . .
Fire Railroad 4. tOorer* Killed.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 27.— The
Colonial express on the Consolidated road
struck and killed live repairers at Nor
walk this afternoon.
PILOTS GIVEN
THEIR INNING
Attorney Frank Pleads
Their Cause at Sacra
msnto.
Discrimination Against Sma'l
Shipowners Charged by
Hugh Craig.
Senator Gil'ette Suggests a Compro
mise—Further Hearing Deferred
to Next Wednesday.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27.— The
Committee on Commerce and Navigation
held a late session in the Senate to-night
and was addressed by Lawyer Frank of
San Francisco, attorney for the pilots,
who said that to-day sixty disengaged
ships were lyinp; In San Francisco harbor
waiting lor freight. Captain Barber spoke
also, and said that only one-ninth of all
the vessels entering San Francisco harbor
were American, the others bein.; foreign.
He said that Captain Plummer remarked
that he didn't care how much pilotage
was charged foreign vessels so lone as his
own vessels were not charged so much.
Captain Plummer argued that a com
petitive system' 1 of pilotage would send
boats fifty or sixty miles outside the
Farallones picking up vessels. Pilots
would then seek business instead of busi
ness seeking them. He was asked whether
he knew of any port in the world that did
not have compulsory pilotage, and he re
plied that he did not and bad not studied
the matter.
Hugh Craig of San Francisco remarked
that the worm had turned to kick. He
charged that big shipowners were "al
lowed rebate which they were not required
to pay," while the small owners were the
sufferers. No association or company had
a right to monopolize the business of
pilotage and to pay rebates to certain
shipowners which it did not allow to
others.
The speaker poohpoobed the idea that
tie occupation of a pilot was dangerous.
Pilot-boats were the most seaworthy of
all cralt, and he had never heard of a pilot
being drowned. He suggested that the
whole receipts of pilotage should go into
the State treasury. No foreign man-of
war required a pilot to take it into the
harbor of San Francisco,' because they
knew the entrance to this harbo- so well
that they could come in in the dark or in
a fog.
Craig asked how it was possible that the
State should allow pilots to c-iarge so
much in excess of the value of tneir ser
vices that they could afford to rebate
thousands of dollars. Tne fees should be
paid into the State treasury, and then the
pilots could be paid handsomely for their
services.
Senator Gi'lette. through Senator Braun
hari, suggested a compromise to the effect
that the pilot fees should be reduced and
paid into the public treasury; that the
boats be maintained out of the treasury
and the pilots paid a liberal salary. Lawyer
t rank asked for more time to consider the
proposition.
At 11:30 p. m. the committee adjourned
until next Wednesday night at 8 o'clock.
TBE ItVCKWORTB ISQVIRT.
Bow Additional A«me» Were Attached to
the Temporary Roll.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27.— There
was a not very lively session of the Duck
worth investigation committee this after
noon. Mr. Duckworth was still too sick
to get out and the committee went on
without him.
E. S. Gridley, journal clerk, was called
to the stand. He produced his records
showing Duckworth's original list of ap
pointments; also a letter from Duckworth
to the State Printer, in which Duckworth
stated that in copying the names for the
Printer he (Duckworth) bad omitted the
name of C. H. Rodriguez, and he there
fore asked the State Printer to put the
name in the journal of the next day.
He also showed a slip of paper with th 6
name ot J. L. Martin on it. This, the
witness could not explain, except that
somebody had given it to the State
Printer to add to the list. The other
names were placed in the journal.
Minute Clerk Wickham was called, but
he could not make any lucid explanation.
He did not think that Duckworth hart any
right to go over and correct the minutes
without sending the correction through
him. Neither bad he any right to go to
the printing office and make the correc
tion.
Mr. Gridley was recalled and said that
on January 6 another list of names was
handed to him by Wickham or Duckworth,
he was not certain which one of them. He
knew that it was one of them, because he
would not have received such a list from
any one else. It was a further correction
of the journal of January 4. The journal
was corrected so as to include this list of
names. What is known as the bond copy
of the journal included this list of names.
They were handed in by Duckworth on
the 6th. Speaker Coombs instructed him
(Gridley) to insert that list in the journal
as a correction.
These names had been suggested by
mem bera in the body of the house — he
did not know whom. Bond copies of the
journal are printed on bond paper, with
blank spaces for the signatures of the
clerk and the Speaker, and these aie filed
with the Secretary of State. The. bond
copies show that these men were ap
pointed on January 4, whereas in fact
they were appointed on the 6th.
North of Alameda, the next witness,
produced a list of attaches with the names
of the members who had recommended
them to Mr. Duckworth, but at the request
of Judson C. Brusie, counsel for the chief
clerk, the list was not read nor given to
the press, not being admitted in evidence
because of the absence of Mr. Duckworth,
who wished to make some corrections in
the list. The committee adjourned sub
ject to the call of the chair.
Speaker Coombs denies emphatically
that ka ordered the additional names
ARTHUR NORTH, the Boy Orator From Yolo— the Youngest
Roman of Them AIL
placed on the temporary roll, as testified
to-day.
STATS PHOP t.HTY JHISSIMG.
Furniture Taken from the Hooma of
Z>rgi*lntive Committees,
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27. — The
bills for furnishing committee-rooms of
the Senate were presented to-day. The
aggregate exceeds $500. The chairman of
the committee which passed on the ac
counts—Senator Holloway— said the high
est retail prices had been charged. It was
developed in the discussion that $641
worth of furniture purchased two years
ago had been appropriated by various
offices in the Capitol, the Governor's office
taking a good share. Senator Smith was
vigorous in his condemnation of this plan
of grabbing desks and etiairs from com
mittee-rooms. He insisted that State
officers should furnish their own offices,
paying for the furniture with money
allowed them for that purpose.
It was not fair that the Legislature
should be made the scapegoat for all the
wrongdoing about the Capitol.
The npshot of the discussion was the
appointment of a committee, consisting of
Senators Smith, Gillette and Dickinson,
to ascertain what had become of the fur
niture purchased by the Senate two years
aeo, and to ascertain iurther if the expen
sive desks and chairs recently bought
ought not to be returned, with proper
compensation for their temporary use.
Leave of absence for sixteen Senators to
visit public institutions was granted to
day. The delegation will go to Stockton,
Santa Clara, Los Angeles, San Ber
nardino and San Diego.
ASUJCMHI.Y HOVTISJS.
Proposed Enactment* Pasted Upon in
the Lower House. .*;■.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27.—
warm discussion between Assemblymen
Leavitt and Caminetti over the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the $75,000
appropriation for the State Printing
Office was passed was the only interest
ine feature of , to-day's proceedings in the
lower house. Mr. Caminetti stated that
New York State t>aid out less for State
printing than did California. This fact,
be said, was not due to heavy orders from
California State officials, as alleged by the
Ways and Means Committee, but .to
gross extravagance in the State Printing
Office.
After the rollcall this morning the Com
mittee on Claims reported in favor of a
bill to reimburse Marin County for the ex
pense in connection with the trials for
crimes committed in San Quentin Prison.
The Committee on Military Affairs re
ported for passage two bills relating to
rifle Dractice in the National Guard; also
a bill to prohibit the wearing by unau
thorized persons tbe insignia of the Loyal
Legion.
The Cuban resolutions reported by the
Federal Relations Committee were
adopted.
North's resolution, increasing the num-
The Mellow Warbling of the Joyous Meadow Lark Charms Not the
Ear of Mr. Price. He Says the Lark Eats Grain and Corn
Like a Horse and Ought to Be Exterminated*
ber of copies of bills printed from 500 to
1000, was adopted.
Powers' resolution to favor the passage
of the Southwick Dill in Congress, which
is intended to confine the sale of prison
made goods to the State in which they
are manfactured.was referred to the Com
mittee on Federal Relations.
The Assembly concurred in the Senate
amendment increasing the appropriation
for the State Printing Office from $30,000
to $75,000.
Bills No. 452, relating to game; 451, re
lating to fish; Chynoweth's temporary
attache bill and the bill increasing the
number of Judges in Santa Clara County
were passed.
Clarke introduced a bill reorganizing
the State Highway Bureau and making it
permanent.
Leave of absence for a trip to Southern
California was granted to two members of
the Ways and Means Committee, three
members of the Public Buildings Com
mittee and two members of the State Hos
pital Committee.
LIMITS t ABSENCE OF . OFFICIALS.
Senator ' So]/ee'»' -Hill-*.- Referred" to the
Committee on Elections.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27.— The
following bill introduced by Senator
Boyce has been referred to the Committee
on Election's:
Section 853. No officer, State, county or mu
nicipal, shall absent himself from the State
for more than sixty days, unless upon busi
ness of the State, or with the consent of the
Legislature; provided, ihat in the
case of illness or other urgent necessity,
the Governor in the case of State officers, the
Board of Supervisors in the case of county
officers, the City Council or other governing
body of the municipality in the case of mu
nicipal officers, shall upon a proDer showing
of such illness or necessity extend the time
herein limited for the absence of any such offi
cer from the State.
VICTORY FOR STAFFORD.
Assembly Committee Favors Tax Ex-
rmption on the Univr.rtity.
SACRAMENTO,' Cal., Jan. 27.— The
Assembly Committee on Education de
cided this evening to report favorably on
the bill exempting Stanford University
from taxation.
bewnpnjtrrt to Be Paid.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 27. — The
Senate Finance Committee to-day re
ported in favor of paying the newspaper
advertisine Dills which were approved by
the Boara o,f Examiners.
The Dairy Bureau bill, calling for an
appropriation, received a favorable report.
The appropriation was reduced from $90,
--900 to $45,000.
Oppotten Seawell'a Bill.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27. — The
Senate Committee on Hospitals nave de
cided to report unfavorably on Seawell's
bill providing for the transportation of in
sane people to the different asylnms by
attendants from the asylnms instead of
by the sheriffs.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAYS LITTLE PETE
RACED TO THE END
Trainer Rainier Tells How
He Bought Three Horses
for Him.
Stories of Bribed Jockeys, False
Colors and a Big Coup
Spoilt by Death.
A Sensational Statement That if Veri*
fi d Will Implicate Some of the
Most Noted Trackmen.
The latest sensational sequel of "Little
Pete's" untimely demise is the statement
by James B. Ranier that the little nabob
was not "ruled off" the turf as effectually
as supposed last spring.
Pete had apparently been "pla ying the
horses" in his peculiar way up to the time
of his death, and on Saturday next the
big coup of months of crafty manipulation
of track men was to have been "pulled
off." The story implicates some ot the
most famous jockeys and owners on
the tun.
James B. Kainier is, according to him, a
horse-trainer. He said last night:
"After Pete got ruled off 1 operated for
him on the racetrack, and while he has
not been betting heavily— only a hundred
or two at a time— he has been working in
other ways.
"At his suggestion I bought three
horses. I bought them at a good price, on
the condition that the people, in whose
names they stood, would go on racing
them in their colors, but at my orders.
"It was a snap. If Pete had lived only
a week longer the bookkeepers out on the
tract next Saturday would not have had
sufficiont to pay car fare home. He would
have cleaned up at least $200,000.
"Why, I gave the widow $1800 to-day,
the proceeds of one winning on one of our
horses on Friday in Oakland. Now I have
sold the horses at a pretty good price, and
will turn the checks over to the widow.
"Pete's play was this: He gave me a
note, or power of attorney, six months
ago, saying, 'Anything this man does or
says for me I will stand by.' Well, I
always had some money on hand to treat
the 'push,' and the jockeys and I would
put up champagne for the high-toned
ones and perhaps steer them into good
feminine company.
"Then when my man was mellow I
would suggest that he wasn't riding for
bis health, and that all I wanted him to
do was to ride one race for roe — be to get
50 per cent of the winning. They all knew
Little Pete would divide fairly when he
said, 'You shall have your cut.'
"One crackajack jock came to town, and
when I broached the proposition to him
and showed him Little Pete's note he was
a little leary. He said he never did busi
ness with any but principals.
" 'Vsry well,' I aaid. 'Here's a hack;
jump in and I'll take you to my prin
cipal.' I took him up to Cninatown and
baited the hack a little below Pete's. I
left him in the back and went up and got
Pete and introduced him. Pete climbed
into the back and I left them there.
"They drove off together and when I next
saw that jockey at the track, he said: 'It's
all right; whenever you want me to ride
for you, just give me the word.'
"I tell you we had five of theni (the
jockeys) sure. It was the greatest thing
ever done. There was no playitig for
place, bui just straight winning. The
names of the jockeys are known every
where, and the alleged owners of our
horses are some of the biggest people on
the turf.
"1 have documentary evidence of what
I say, including some interesting letters.
"Aly arrangement with Little Pete was
for running expenses and wages for the
time being. We were looking for the big
clean-up on Saturday. When that came
I was to have 50 per cent of the total pronts
of the game.
"And I would have got it sure. Pete
was square. When he said 'You shall
have your cut' that was enough, and he
never threw me down yet. I understood
some one had got hold of part of the story
and so I thought it best to make a clean
breast of it."
Mr. Eainier's sensational story is of the
kind to furnish considerable food for solid
thinking to lovers of square racing and
may bear fruit on investigation.
NATIONAL BOARD OF TRADE.
Listens to Committee Reports and Adopts
a Resolution favoring International
Bimetallism.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27.— A.t the
meeting of the National Board of Trade
this morning the time was occupied by
hearing and adopting the reports of the
different committees.
The report of the committee of bank
ing Jaws proposed by the Baltimore
Chamber of Commerce and the report on
currency and banking proposed by the
Cincinnati Chamber of Commerce were
read and adopted, with the following
suggestions: Provisions for the retire
ment of the greenback currency; for the
reduction of the tax on circulating notes
issued by National banks to \' 2 of 1 per
cent a year, and allowing National banks
to issue circulating notes to the par
value of the bonds held for their security;
also a provision for the establishment of
a National clearing-house for banks, and
tnat on and after the Ist of July, 1898, no
not«a issued by National banks shall be
for less $5.
There was also a declaration favoring
international bimetallism on a basis ot
an equal ratio and provision for the es
tablishment of a sub-tretisury system and
the selection of National banks to receive
and distribute funds.
The report of the committee on mone
tary commission was adopted, with the
following resolution :
Resolved, That the National Board of Trnda
reiterates its views heretofore expressed In
favor of An expert monetary commission to
investigate tne subject, and to recommend
iuch legislation as will establish for the United
tiatcs the best financial system possible.
Senator Wolcotl'a Muropean Travels.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 27.— United States
Senator Wolcott started for Dover this
morning en route for Paris, where he will
continue his mission in the interest of bi
metallism.2
CONVICT LABOR
COMPETITION
Trades Representatives Ask
That It Be Restricted
by Law.
Combat t c Claim That It Is
Not Hurtful to t£e Work
man's Interests.
_______
Hearing Accorded at Sacramento by
the Committee of the Legis
lature.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27.— R00m
72 was too small to hold the Committee
on Labor and Capital and tbe crowd of
persons representing the different inter
ests in the several bills before the commit
tee. Assembly bill 282 was first taken up.
It provides that it shall be unlawful for
any person confined or employed in any
penal institution in this S'.ato to engage
or be employed in the manufacture of
anything whatever that is an article of
commerce in this State, except jut* bags
and broken stone for roads and highways.
The bill does not apply to the manufac
ture of any article consumed in the penal
institution where manufactured.
Oscar Lewis introduced a mbstitute pro
hibiting the quarrying of raw material or
the manufacturing of any article of com
merce except jute bags and broken stone
for use in country roads only.
Mead of Los Angeles said that it would
be better to allow cf\shed rock to be sold
to contractors and cities for street im
provement, because such street work would
employ a much larger number of laborers
than the number that would be deprived
of wort in the stone quarries by virtue of
the competition of the prison at Folsom.
Powers, an attorney, informed the board
that cut stone was beine made by convict
labor in Folsom for sale to private con
tractors.
City Trustee Devine of Sacramento, a
stonecutter by occupation, said that if
the stonecutters in the Folsom prison
would be allowed to supply small dealers
in cut stone with material for their work,
two stonecutters would be employed
where only one was employed at present.
He argued in favor of supplying municipal
corporations and others with broken
stone for street purposes. It would not
be necessary to create a commission to
attend to this matter, because Warden
Aull and his assistants would be amply
sole to take care of it, and to supply
Board) of Supervisors with the informa
tion needed by them.
City Trustee Bentiey of Sacramento said
that tbe private quarry at Cordelia could
not turn out in one year enou b rock to
complete one job of street work in Sacra
mento. That statement was mane by M.
McDonald, one of tbe most extensive con
tractors in the State.
Mr. Thomasson, owner of the Cordelia
quarry, said that the capacity of his quarry
was 250 tons per day, while the capacity of
the Fui«om crusher was between 400 and
500 tons. He had not sold a quarter as
much rock last year as be did the year be
fore. He did not make two months' rnn
on his quarries during the whole of last
year on account of the competition of the
Folsom crusher.
"With regard to the argument that cheap
convict-made macadam material would
give employment to many more men than
were now employed in street wort, he
said that in bis experience in quarrying
with 103 men he produced a quantity of
rock which would employ Qnly ten men
to spread on the streets. It would be
necessary to put ten convicts at work in
order to give one free man employment
on the outside in handling the material
after it left the quarry ; so, in order to give
ten men work on the streets, the bill pro
posed to throw ninety free quarry men out
of work.
Tbe speaker contended that the trap
rock taken from the Folsom quarry was
not so good road metal as basalt rock, and
that the testimony of engineers was that
basalt was the best rock for macadamiz
ing. He surprised the committee by stat
ing that owing to the competition of
prison labor he would be oblieed to close
his quarry after the termination of his
contract with Mr. McDonald. He would
lose $8000 per year if he continued to oper
ate his quarry.
Mr. The mason also called attention to
the fact that the State did not derive one
dollar's Trorth of revenue from the rock
crushing plant. The State had donated
the power, the plant and the labor, and
the Prison Directors were not allowed to
charge any more than the actual cost of
tbe wear and tear of the machinery and
the oil used in lubricating the machinery.
Oscar Lewis of San Francisco addressed
the committee on behalf of the laboring
people of San Francisco. He began by
saying that the original idea of the
Bureau of Highways was in connection
with the rock-crushing plant, and it was
the understanding that nothing was to be
charged for the power or the labor of the
prisoners and that the State should
charge only 10 per cent above the cost of
tbe wear and tear, the power and the oil
used on the machinery.
"But it is contended here," said Mr.
Lewis, "that because Sacramento, Stock
ton and Marysville are within the radius
of cheap transportation from the Folsom
quarry the people of the whole State
should be taxed 10 support that institu
tion for the benefit of those three cities.
The principle is wrong. It is the growing
idea all over the States of this Union to
confine convicts to such work and to the
production of such things as are used in
the prisons. New Yoik State is now con
fining its prisoners to the manufacture of
such articles as are consumed in the pris
ons.
"You might just as well come here,"
added Mr. Lewis with warmth, "and ask
the State to furnish the city of San Fran
cisco with a tiounnill, so that we could
pet cheap flour and bread for the working
people of that city. Bo far as the rock
plant is concerned at the present time, you
have done nothing but exercise your pris
oners. You might just as well have ex
ercised them in riding bicycles, for it
would be much cheaper. You have not,
with all this prison labor, earned even a
cup of coffee for the convicts.
"Let the State charsre enough for the
rock, so that at least the cost of produc
tion, including to some extent the main
tenance of these prisoners, comes back to
you; otherwise I don't see where the tax
payer has any advantage. It is a one
sided proposition."
Walter McArthnr of San Francisco was
tbe next speaker. He said that he did not
consider tne bill a measure in the interest
of labor. Tbe laboring people opposed
emphatically any form of prison competi
tion with free labor and drew an arbitrary
.line at the prison gate:
' All that was necessary for the mainten
ance of tbe prisoners should be manufac
tured inside the prison walls, but they
should not be allowed to make anything
for consumption outside tne prison gates.
The tendency of the present age was to do
away with prison labor, added Mr. Mc-
Arthur. Several of the Southern States
had abolished the system of renting out
convict labor because it impoverished the
free labor of the State.
"If you start prison labor in the produc
tion of raw material for the construction
of roads, how can you stop short of put
ting convicts at work in the proJuction of
raw materials necessary in other lines of
industry? They mignt just as well be
put at work in coal mines aDd in lumber
mills and on the farm to provide wool
and cotton raw material. The next prop
osition two years hence might be to em
ploy convict labor in building county
roads, and there will be no end to it. By
prison labor, if this idea be carried out, the
working classes of this Republic will be
reduced to a condition of serfdom. Poor
working people are those who are injured
more by competition.
"Why not put freemen to work on the
roc:k-crusher?" asked Mr. Me Arthur.
"Supposing that we didn't have any con
victs? !• say that this is a measure to
make convicts, and instead of decreasing
tbe taxation for the support of penal in
stitutions you will have more penal in
stitutions in the State to support.
Assemblyman Canavan asked what
should be done with the convicts — should
they be idle.
"No sir," replied Mr. McArthur, "you
could pu* them at nork making their own
clothing and improving prison buildings.
If it comes to a choice between finding
work for convict labor or for free labor it
is a choice between two evils, and 1 think
that free labor should be given work first.
If convicts go insane and commit suicide
because they have no work to keep their
minds occupied, why not keep the lowest
freeman from committing suicide?"
Cutter of Yuba remarked that if con
victs made their own cloihing they would
to that extent compete with free labor.
He announced that tbe city of Marysville
would require 700 carloads of crushed rock
for the street this •ummer. The putting
of this quantity of material into tbe
streets would employ many men and con
tractors were pledged by a bill which bas
passed the Assembly to pay thoir laborers
on public work $2 per day.
Mead moved that tbe bill and tbe sub
stitute be referred to a sub-committee of
three, with instructions to prepare a sub
stitute for both, limiting tbe v c of prison
crushed rock to public work. Tbe motion
was adopted, and Mead, Canavan and
Landsborough were appointed aa tbe sub
committee.
JiJLLb IATHuDUCED.
Mea*urei to Jtreeire the Attention of the
Lawmaker*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27.—Assem
bly bill 396, as amended, provides that
every franchise for telegraph or telephone
companies, street railroads, gas, elecricity
or water companies etc., shall be adver
tised for ten consecutive days in one or
more daily newspapers. All bids must be
for the payment of a stated per cent of the
gross annual receipts of the corporation
or person receiving the franchise. No
percentage shall be paid for tbe first five
years succeeding the date of the franchise,
bat thereafter .-uch percentage shall be
payable annually, and shall in no case be
less than 3 per cent per annum upon such
gross receipts, tbe franchise to be for
feited by failure to nia&e tbe payments
stated in the bids upon which the award
was made. After the expiration of the
time stated m the advertisement up to
which sealed bids or proposals will be re
ceived the board or other governing or
legislative body herein mentioned must
meet in open session and read the tenders
or bids. The franchise or privileges must
then be awarded to the highest bidder;
provided, however, that nothing in this
section shall affect a special privilege
granted for a shorter term than two years.
It continues:
Section 2. Every person, company or cor
poration to whom a franchise to operate an
electric street railway, or to erect poles, wires
or condnits for the transmission of electric
power is granted, may, in addition to the re
quirements enumerated In section 1, be re
quired to light the street or streets upon
which the car tracks are laid, or along which
the poles, wires or conduits are run, or such
part of such street or streets as the Board of
Supervisors, Common Council or other legis
lative or governing body granting the fran
chise may direct.
Sec. 3. No franchise now existing or whicn
may hereafter be granted shall be renewed by
the Board of Supervisors, Board of Trustees,
Common Council or other governing or legis
lative body above described, nor shall the ex
tension or renewal of the same be advertised
or offered for sale by such governing or legis
lative body until within one year from the
date of the expiration of the existing fran
chise, unless the existing franchise is first
surrendered by the holders thereof. ,
Sea 4 Any member of any Board of Super
visors, Common Council or other governing or
legislative body of any county, city and
county, city, town or district of this State
who, by his vote, violates or attempts to vio
late the provisions of this act, or any of them.
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and of mal
feasance in office, and be deprived of his office
by the decree ol a court of competent jurisdic
tion after trial and conviction.
There are two bills with reference to
property set apart in probate cases. No.
488, by North of Alameda, provides that:
When property Is set apart to the use of the
family, in accordance with the provisions of
this chapter l.f the decedent left a widow or
surviving husband aud no minor child, such
property Is the property of the widow or sur
viving husband. If the decedent left also a
minor child or children, the one-half of such
property shall belong to the widow or sur
viving husband, and the remainder to the
child, or in equal shares to the children if
there be more than one; [in which cases the
property shall constitute a homestead of five
thousand dollars if the surviving husband or
wife is the head of a family, as defined in the
Civil Code; otherwise of one thousand dollars.]
If there be no widow or surviving husband,
the whole belongs to the minor child or chil
dren [in equal shares.] -It the property set
apart be a homestead selected from the sepa
rate property of the deceased, either in his
lifetime or by the court after his death, the
court can only set It apart for a limited period,
to be designated in the order, and the title
vests in the heirs c devisees subject to such
order.
The other is also by North of "Alameda
and numbered 489. It is a copy of the first
with the exception that the clauses in
brackets are omitted.
Kmmons' bill— 4B6— creating a Board
of Warehouse Commissioners fills seven
teen pages. It provides that within
twenty days after the act takes effect the
Governor shall appoint three Warehouse
Commissioners, to bold office for four
years, at a salary of $1800 per annum each.
They shall appoint a secretary at a salary
of $3000 per annum, and they shall De al
lowed for office rent, furniture and sta
tionery $1200 per annum and $6 each per
day traveling expenses while absent Irora
Ban Francisco on the business of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1897.
ASSEMBLYMAN SOWARD, the Author of Mining Bills Galore.
commission. The office shall be in San
Francisco.
Section 6 prescribes the dnty of every
owner or lessee, etc., of every public ware
bouse in the State to furnish tbe commis
sion, under oath, a statement concerning
the condition and management of bis
business as such warehouseman.
One of the Commissioners at least, once
in six months, shall visit each county in
the State in which there is a warehouse
and personally inquire into the manage
ment of such warehouse business at an
expense of $6 per day for traveling ex
penses. T;.e Commissioners shall have
the power to caned warehouse licenses
for cause.
The bill defines a public warehouse as
"a warehouse in which grain is stored in
any form, or in whicn property of any
kind ii stored for a consideration."
Eacb warehouseman must take out a
license from tbe commission and give a
bond in tbe penal sum of $10,000. Each
warehouseman shall also Ke«p posted up
in Ibe business office of his warehouse in a
conspicuous place a statement of the
amount of each kind and grade^ of
grain (when graded) in store in bis ware
house at the close of business on the pre
vious Saturday, and shall also on each
Tuesday morning render a similar state
ment under oath to tbe commission. But
this is not all. Says tbe bill:
They shall also be required to furnish daily
to ihe same Commissioners a correct state
ment of the amount of each kind and.grade of
grain (when graded) received in store in such
warehouses on the previous day; also the
amount of each kind and grade of grain
(when graded) delivered or shipped by such
warehouseman during the previous day, and
what warehouse receipts have been canceled
upon which the grain has been delivered ou
such day, giving the number of each receipt
and amount, kind and grade of grain (when
graded) received and shipped upon It; also,
how much grain, if any, was so delivered or
shipped, and the kind and grade oi it (when
graded; for which warehouse receipts had not
been issued, and wnen and bow such unre
ceipted grain was received by them, the aggre
gate of such reported cancellations and deliv
ery of unreceipted grain corresponding in
amount, kind and grade (when graded) with
the amount so reported, delivered or shipped.
They shall also at the time report what re
ceipts if any have been canceled and new ones
issued in their stead as herein provided for.
And the warehouseman making such state
ment shall in addition furnish the said Com
missioners any lurther information regarding
receipts issued or canceled that may be neces
sary to enable them to keep a full and correct
record of all receipts issued and canceled and
all grain received and delivered.
The commissioners may appoint as
many inspectors of grain as the public
business may in their judgment require.
They shall also appoint a public weigher
for each public warehouse in the State.
The inspectors and weighers shall have
power to fix the rate of charges for the in
spection and weighing of grain, which
revenue *bali provide the compensation
of the weighers and inspectors.
Section 34 provides that each warehouse
man must during the first week in June
of each year publish in one or more of the
newspapers (daily preferred) a schedule of
rates for the storage of grain or other
property in his warehouse during the en
suing year. I
The Committee on Public Morals hare
in hand Mr. Ennis' bill 498 amending the
act for the protection of children. It pro*
hibits any minor under the age of 18 years
from being permitted to remain in any
place where spirituous or malt liquors are
sold or given away or in any dancehouses
and concert saloons. Section 3of the act
is amended as follows:
Sec 3. Any child, apparently under the age
of 18 years, that comes within any of the fol
lowing descriptions named :
(a) That is found begging, or receiving, or
gathering alms (whether actually b.-gging, or
under pretext of selling or offering for sale
anything), or being in the street, road or pub
lic place for the purpose of so begging; gather*
ing or receiving alms.
(6) That is found wandering, and not having
any home or settled place of abode, or proper
guardianship, or visible means of subsistence.
(c) That Is found des.itute, either being an
orphan or having a vicious parent who is un
dergoing penal servitude or imprisonment.
(d) That frequents the company of reputed
thieves, or prostitutes, or bouses of prostitu
tion, or assignation or dance house*, concert
saloons, theaters and varieties, or places speci
fied in the first section of this act, shall be ar
rested and brought before a court or
magistrate.
When upon examination before a court, or
magistrate it shall appear that any such child
has been engaged in any of the aforesaid acts
or comes within any of the aforesaid descrip
tions such court or magistrate, when it shall
deem it expedient for tbe welfare of the child,
may commit such child to an orphan asylum,
society for the prevention of cruelty to chil
dren, charitable or other institution, or make
such other disposition thereof as is now or
may hereafter be provided by law in cases of
vagrant, truant, disorderly, pauper or desti
tute children.
Al>KI\G *Ol: MILLIONS.
Appropriation Bilii That Would. Insure
a Treasury Deficit.
SACRAMENTO, Ual., Jan. 27.—Sen
ator Voorheis of the Committee of Finance
reported to-day in committee that an
examination of Senate bills from 1 to
41 inclusive disclosed the fact that the
amount of money involved in these ap
propriations was $3,242,809. This, added
to the estimate of Controller Colgan,
which placed the amount of expenditures
for the coming fiscal years at $10,939,960,
and wiih other expenses, including the
university tax, would bring the entire sum
a-ked for to $14,302,769, and is far in ex
cess of the sum produced by the assessed
valuation of property, which is only
$12,605,930.
REDUCED FARES
ON STREET CARS
San Francisco Delegation
Favors the Proposed
Enactment.
Ex-Mayor Sutro's Attorney in
Vain Declares It an
I justice.
The Lawmakers From the Metropolis
Consider the C mc.cry
Question.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27. —An
old-fashioned meeting of the San Fran
cisco delegation of the Senate was neld
this evening to consider cemetery closing
and reducing street railroad fares. Sena
tor Mahoney, chairman, presided, and
had a great deal of trouble in restraining
Senator Braunbart from eloqu nt out
bursts. Martin Kelly, president of the
Good Government Club, was a spectator.
The substitute for Senate bill 230, which j
allows sixty tickets to be purchased at 2>£
cents each and compels street railroads at
certain towns to carry passengers for _' J
cents fare, provoked the discussion. Major
McKinney, attorney for Adoiph Sutro,
opposed the bill. He said it cost $1 a trip
for every car run from the en>] of the
Siitter-street road to the Cliff and return.
The road, ha said, would lose money if
the fares were reduced. He citea the
Castro-street line, which did not pay at
first, and was constructed only when the
Crockers were assured that the money
would ccme back during the closing years
of tbe fifty-year franchise.
"Great injustice would be done to cut
the fare now," said the major.
The sentiment of the delegation favors
tbe passage of the bill. The bill has been
recommended "to pass," and that order
was not changed.
Senate bill No. 306, prohibiting the
burial of the dead within the corporate
limits of any incorporated city after the
year 1900, called out animated talk.
Mi. Hubbs, president of tbe Richmond
Improvement Association, spoke in favor
of the bill. He p;H*e to each member of
tbe delegation a printed copy of Mayor
Phelan's message, favoring the closing of
cemeteries. This gave ez-Supervisor
James W. Burling an opportunity to say
that if Mr. Pbelan had made, before the
election, the declaration in favor of closing
the cemeteries he would not have been
elected.
Burling said there was no demand from
residents of San Francisco in favpr of
closing the City cemeteries. The agita
tion, he asserted, came from the syndi
cate of San Mateo cemeteries. They
wanted to break up the cemetery business
in San Francisco.
President Fletcher of the Point Lobos
Improvement Club presented a petition
signed by 1400 residents of San Francisco
p.gainst the passage of tbe bill.
In view of the importance of the sub
ject and the fact that several San Fran
cisco members were going on the Southern
California junket further consideration of
the cemetery bill was deferred until next
Wednesday evening.
The Senate committee to count the bal
lots in the Hall contest will not meet until
to-morrow morning.
SPEAK FOR hHBE CVBA.
Populist Orator* liaise Their Voices in
thn L-gittlnlure.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27. — The
Populists aeclared war on Spain this
morning and recognized the independence
of Cuba, but owing to the defective quality
of their ammunition — it being composed
chiefly of compressed wind and fusion
gas — no harm was done either to Spain or
the United States.
The harmless explosion of bottled venge
ance was set off by Assembly joint reso
lution 17, reported from the Committee ou
Federal Relations, relative to the struggle
of the people of Cuba for a free and inde
pendent Government. The resolution was
to the purport that it would be better for
the Congress of the United States to act
in the matter as its best judgment might
dictate.
Burnett, a Fusionist from Paso Robles,
-who had not been heard from very ofte n
duriirg the session, took the floor and
made a speech, which from the manner of
it 3 delivery must have been a studied
effort. He was in a high state of indigna
tion and punched and cross-countered
and uppercut the air with vicious lunges
of his right fist. He said that the atti
tude of the United States was a disgrace
and that the method of warfare adopted
by Spain in the wholesale murder of men,
women and children, and the wanton de
struction of property, was such as should
provoke the decided and immediate inter
vention of the United States. He there
fore offered a substitute resolving that we
extend the warmest sympathy to the
people of Cuba; that the time t.ad long
since passed when this Government
should have acknowledged the independ
ence of Cuba; that the methods pursued
by Spain in her efforts to subjugate Cuba,
including wholesale murder, outrage and
pillage, called for immediate action on
the part of this Government, and there
fore the Congress of the United States was
requested to acknowledge the independ
ence of Cuba.
North of Alameda expressed the hope
that the belligerent substitute would not
pass. There were likely to be many
changes in the Cuban situation before
Congress took up the matter, and it would
ba more prudent, he thought, to trust to
the discretion of the Representatives in
Congress and not hamper them will* war
like resolutions from afar.
Populist McCleilan from Hanford made
a warm speech in favor of Burnett's sub
stitute. Valentine (R.) of Los Angeles
spoke in favor of the original r*port of
the Committee on Federal Relations.
Matters of legislation should be left to
Conpress, he said. Melick (R.) of Los
Angeles said that he paid a visit to Florida
not long ago and there learned of the
frightful atrocities committed by the
Spanish troops upon Cuban men, women
and children, but the Legislature
of California was so far away from the
scene of action that it waa fair to presume
that Congress knew what was best to be
done and could be trusted to do the right
thing when the time came.
The Populist substitute was avalanched
beneath opposing votes and the report of
the committee was adopted.
FOR Ht.ll Eli HIGH W* TS.
Three Bills Providing for an Extensive
> System. ,
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. Three
bills of probably as great importance as
any that have been introduced this ses
sion are:
Assembly bill 596, introduced by En
nis, denning a great system of State
highways. The highways provided for in
the bill are the main lines of travel, and
traverse every county in the State.
They touch every county aeat, and every
town in the State of 1500 or more inhabit
ants is connected by means of them. It
is a system that it may take a number of
years to construct, but if finished it will
give California one of the greatest systems
of highways in the world, excelled only
by thos- of a few European countries.
These State highways are, however, only
the main lines of travel. The other roads
of the State are still left under county
jurisdiction.
Assembly bill 595, introduced by Ennis,
provides for the levying of an ad valorem
tax of 2)4 cents on the $100 of assessed
valuation of nil property of the State for
the constiuction and maintenance of the
great system sf State highways outlined
in the preceding bill.
Assemhly bill 597, introduced by Clark,
provides for the creation of a department
of highways to manage the State highways
and to give advice to local officials when
they request it. This department would
take the place of the Bureau of Highways,
which goes out of existence in April.
These bi.ls are companion* and are de
pendent upon one another. It was found
necessar>- on account of constitutional re
quirements to pat the matter in separate
bills rather than in one as first intended.
IJn XH.JS CPFKR BOUSE.
Hill* Patted and lho«e Introduced
touring th* Itny. '\
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27.— 1n the
Senate , to-day the , following bills were
passed: To prevent the adulteration of
honey; appropriating $10,000 for a State
exhibit at the Tennessee exposition;
Bert's bill increasing. the term of Police
Judges from two to four years.
This afternoon Lame's bill relating: to
the adulteration of wine was partly read
for second time in its amended form.
The Committee on Swamp Lands recom
mended the passage of Senate bill 298,
providing fcr an auditing committee for
the Board of Public Works.
Senator Wolf introduced three bills, one
calculated to protect trademarks and two
regulating tbe issue of search warrants.
The resignation of Senator Chapman as
a member of the Election Contest Com
mittee was received »qd accepted, on
Senator Seawell's representation that Mr.
Chapman was too ill to attend to his
dudes. The appointment of Chapman's
successor will be made to-morrow after a
Republican caucus on the matter.
Jiobinion'M Uinxng Hill I ' nvortd.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27.—Assem
blyman Robinson's bill, requiring miniug
companies working under a bond or trust
to file with the County Recorder a bond
of $5000 as security for the payment of
laborers and materials which may be used
in tbe development and working of those
bonded mining claims will probably be
favorably reported upon by the Commit
tee on Mines and Mining
Juvenile Attache* Organize.
bACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27— The
juvenile attaches of the Senate and As
sembly have organized a soc al club and
have elected the following officers: Louis
J. McCall, assistant sergeant-at-arms; J.
Elliott, assistant secretary, and Robert
Stack, messenger.
Signed by the Governor.
SACRAMENTO, Cau, Jan. 27.— The
Assembly bill (No. 10) extending tne time
for the redemption of lands sold for un
paid assessments in the irrigation dis
tricts was signed by the Governor to-day.
ST. I,UUlt>> IDLE ARMY,
Expected That 90,000 Will Parade on
Wnihxngton't Birthday.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 27.— 1t is expected
that Coxey's call for a panade of the un
employed on Washington's birthday will
be answered by the 20,000 idle men in St.
Louis. The central body of the Knights
of Labor has appointed a committee to ar
range for the parade in behalf of that or
gan zation. It is stated that the Knights
of Labor number 5000 members in St.
Louis, and the American Federation of
Labor claims 25,000 men in the 200 unions
affiliated with it.
Out of a total of 30,000 men belonging *o
unions it is estimated that €000 are unem
ployed. Besides this army of idle trade
unionists it is estimated that there are
over 15,000 unemployed clerks and un
skilled laborers not connected with any
organization.
BJjOODI BATTLE IN BRAZIL.
lieligiou* Fanatic* Engage th« Troop*,
Wxth Hire Aenult*.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 27.— The H r
ald's special cable from Buenos Ayres
says: A battle took place yesterday be
tween Brazilian troops and religious
fanatics in ti.e State of Babia, Brazil. The
Herald's correspondent in- Rio Janeiro tel
egraphs that the lost of the combatants on
both sides was 250 killed and 300 wounded.
The fanatics lost forty men killed.
Jieadl'l Explosion in a Colliery.
PITTBBURG, Pa., Jan. 27.— Reports of
an explosion of mine £as in the Hurst
colliery near Smock station, in the Mo
nongane.a Valley, have reached Pittsuurg.
Two persons were killed outright and
seven badly injured.
NO CENSORSHIP
FOR SUFFRAGISTS
Western Women Defeat the
East in a Convention
Battle.
Equal Franchise Will Be Pushed
in California aud Other
Western States.
Many Addresses and O'her Matters
Bjfore tbe National American
Suffragists
DES MOINES, lowa. Jan. 27.— Three
busy sessions were held by the National
American Suffragists to-day. The fore
noon was marked by a sharp clash be
tween the Eastern and Western delegates,
in which the West came off victorious.
It arose when the report of the committee
on campaign conditions was called for by
Anna L. Diggs of Kansas, a Populist and
co-worker of Mary Ellen Lease. Mrs.
Diggs was not present, but had sent her
rerort.
It stated that Republicans and Demo
crats were firmly set against woman
suffrage and there was no hope of friendly
action by them. The Populist party con
tained the greatest proportion of advo
cates of suffrage, but the party manage
ment -had set its face firmly against any
thing that would jeopardize the industrial
emancipation for which the party i* wort
ing.
Mrs. Diggs recommended that political
work be placed in the hands of the women
affiliated with the dominant parties in the
several States.
As to Kansas she said since the defeat
of the suffrage constitutional amendment
in 1894, the cause was hopeless there.
The report did not please the conven
tion and after it had been referred to a
committee for consideration, a resolution
was presented providing for censorship of
all reports before they were read to the
convention. Tne Eastern women favored
and the Western opposed it as Deing un
democratic, and the Westerners won the
day.
The report of the treasurer showed a
favorable condition of affairs witn finances
in good condition. Nineteen States were
represented in th« convention, entitled to
cast 225 votes.
The committee on plans for work rec
ommended that it be pushed in Western
States, especially California, Oregon,
Washineton, Nevada and lowa, and that
efforts in other States be abandoned for
the time being.
A proposal to remove National head
quarters to New York came from one
branch of the committee and other like
proposals from other members. This will
be fought out later.
The afternoon session was devoted to
memorial addresses on departed mem
bers.
The evening session was of greatest pub
lic interest and wa3 largely attended.
Addresses of welcome were made by Gov
ernor F. M. Drake of lowa, Major John
Mac Vicar of Dcs Moines, Rev. H. O.
Breeden and Mrs. Mattie Locke Macomber
for the woman's dubs of Dcs Moines, and
Mrs. Adelaide Ballard of Hull for the
lowa Federation of Woman's Clubs.
Susan B. Anthony responded with an
address in which she expressed confidence
in the immediate future of the movement
and especially in the outlook in lowa.
The leading address of the evening was
by Carrie Lane Chapman Catt of New
York, which closed the programme. She
spoke of the future of the movement.
THE BLIZZARD STILL BLOWS.
Generous Aid for Chicago's Suffering Poor.
Cattle Perishing by Scores on the
B g Plains.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 27.— Therfc was an
appreciable moderation of the temperature
in Chicago to-day, but zero weather and
below was the best that could be had, and
the same is promised for to-morrow.
The record for continuous temperature
below zero for this city was broken to-day
by a run of eighty-four consecutive hours
from 1 a. M. January 24 to 1 p. m. to-day,
at which hour the zero mark was officially
recorded on the Auditorium tower.
During the previoas twelvo hours of the
day the thermometer had ranged between
4 deg. and 1 dep;. below zero. At 2 o'clock
this afternoon 1 deg. above zero was re
corded, and the same temperature con
tinued for three hours; tnen zero weather
and below returned, with the prospect of
colder weather to-morrow.
Snow fell lightly all day and into the
night, being driven by a wind, v hich
made the fine snow a source of great dis
comfort.
The drifts caused the snowpjows and
street-cleaning wagons to reappear. The
police continued their effective work of
providing instant temporary relief to ttie
thousands in want. Twice as many cases
were attended to as yesterday, the total
number of persons given food, clothing
and fuel Deing estimated at 10,000.
The letter-carriers are aidihg the police
in finding' the deserving ca?es in their
districts. The Mayor's fund now amounts
to $50 000 including the value of supplies.
About $30,000 cash has bean received by
the treasurer alone.
Many thousand dollars have been given
in the last three days for distribution,
apart from the Mayor's police relief
scheme, a result of his proclamation.
JACKbONVILLE. Fla., Jan. 27.— At 9
o'clock to-night the mercury bad fallen to
29 degrees in Jacksonville, with a west
wind and a barometer of 30.12.
This indicates that North Florida will
experience a freeze. As the tracking in
terest" of the northern portion of the State
are meager no great damage is expected.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Jan. 27.— There is but
s ieht relief to-day from the cold wave.
At 10 o'clock this morning the thermom
eter was 4 degrees above zero. The rail
roads are beginning to suffer from the
stoTm. Nearly all trains are now arriving
from one to ten hours late. It is estima
ted that 30,000 persons are destitute in this
city.
DENIBON, Tex., Jan. 27.— .Prominent
stockmen in Indian Territory and the
Panhandle report that the recem blizzard
has resulted in ihe death of thousands of
cattle on the range. It is.the first time in
years that the large watercourses were
frozen over.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 27.— *' or several
days the mercury baa been from 10 to 15
degrees below zero throughout Nebraska.
There are 500,000 sheep being fed in Ne
baska at present, and many have been
lost from severe cold.
YANKTON. S. Dak., Jan. 27 —Reports
are meager Irom the caf.le ranges of this
State. The losses along the Missouri,
River will be heavy. The weather in that|
section has ranged from zero to 36 be lo^
ever since Friday. The snow is the deep
est for many years, and the cattle are able
to tind grass only in such exposed places
as the ground has been blown bare of
•snow. Worse still, the rivers are froeen
solid.
COLLISIONS • <J$T 31OXIJBX.
A Million Hollar* Tm*& for Atlantic Citff
■Oinatter Claim*.
CAMDEN, N. J., Jan. 27 —That a rail
road collision is cosily as well as disas
trous has been demonstrated by the
amount of money which the railroads, the
West Jersey and the Philadelphia and
Reading have paid out as a consequence of
the Atlantic City disaster, when forty-four
persons were killed and a larger number
injured last summer. It has cost the
roads thus far nearly $1,000,000 to settle
claims for damages and all the cases have
not been settled yet.
The accident was caused by a Reading
flyer crashing into the West Jersey excur
sion, on which were-the Order of Red Men
returning from a day's outing at the sea
shore.-
One of the latest claims to be settled is
that of Mrs. Samuel Mita of Bridgeton.
Sue brought suit ior $90,000 for the killing
of her husband and daughter and the in
jury to herself and son. The road has
settled with her and the amount is said to
have been $30,000.
Quickie of a Banfe < aihier.
LEIGH, Neeb , Jan. 27.— Frank G. Les
pa, cashier of the Clarkson State Bank,
Ciarkson, Nebr., has committed suicide.
No reason has developed, he lately sold
his interest in ttie bank.
NEW TO-DAY. /
•' \ , ■
CHARLES SCHILL,
Residing at 262 Eighth St.,
S. F., Relates the Story
of His Cure.
' San Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 14, 1897.
I, Charles Schill, aged 30, residing at 263
Eighth street, desire and am
THANKFUL
To testify to the benefit and cure that I have
experienced by treatment at the ' STATE
ELECTRO-MEDIC A b INSTITUTE, corner of
Powell, Market and Eddy streets.
For four years I have been ailing with ncr- -
vous debility and heart and stomach trouble.
which greatly hindered me in my work as a
teamster, the business I have pursued for the
past seven years in Ban Francisco. ' I suffered
with pain and oppression of the chest and
stomach, shortness of breath, flatulent dyspep-
sia and palpitation of the heart, and alter ex-
ertion would feel weak and nervous. .On \
January 4, 1897, I applied ,* 1" ".' '.'.'' " .""' »"
■ : FOR ■ ■ t
Treatment at the Institute, where DR. W. K.
VANCE made a careful physical examination,
found that my heart and stomach were both
disordered. I was placed under treatment and
at once began to Improve rapidly and feel like
A
New man. The doctor applied electricity and
prescribed certain electric fluids for internal
use, also magnetic oil for external application.
.These remedies combined nave had a magical
effect, and now, on January 14, 1 can truthfully
say that my health is fully, restored. I am
VERY THANKFUL FOR SUCH A RAPID
CURE
Which enables me to pursue my daily work
without experiencing any exhaustion or wear-
iness. ' I may add that I derive decided bene-
fit from wearing an Electrical waist appliance
prescribed by Dr. Vance.
(Signed) CHARLES SCHILL.
This marvelous electro-medical treat-
ment is erecting a tremendous sensation
among the people of this coast because of
the remarkable cures it is daily effecting,
and for this same reason it is stirring the
medical world as no discovery of recent
years has stirred it. There has not been a \
single failure to cure in any case where
the treatment has been given.
X' «A V EXAMINATION'S. If you
"If A I are sick or »M in *' if you
want to know what is the matter with you,
and if you want to be cured, yon should
resort without delay to the STATE ELEC-
TRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE. The Insti-
tute TREATS AND CURES Diseases of
the Heart, Brain and Nerves, ■ Blood Dis-
eases, Rheumatism. Cancers and Tumors,
Catarrh, Kidney Diseases, Throat Dis- s
eases, Stomach Diseases, Diseases of the \
Liver. Bowel Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear k
Diseases and ail Diieases of Meu and '/p.
Women. %■„■/• ■-
WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute. Describe your troubles by letter
and the doctors will advise you what to do.
Strictest confidence observed.
THE NEW CURE 1
FOR .AIT-jT-j DISEASES.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Locat d at the Co-ncr of •
Market, Powell and Eddy Streets,
ENTRANCE 3 EDDY STREET,
■ San Francisco, Cai.
CATARRH CAiARRH
LOCAL DISEASE Djg^£iy§^s|
and Is the result of colds WgcJ> A{ * BALV^SfI
. and sudden climatic ■, ffl3^A A c M?Fs colB l.
change,. W^'^^^t
This remedy does not con- KJJ*''"KVEH <Vl9 .HmM
tain mercury or any other ■El ' *S§'P'JSFi
Injurious dru?. Wm^ J^<j?J^M
CREAM BALM^Ri^^
Opens ana cleans the Nasal |W N II HP Ift
Passages, Allays Fain and vvLII L « HL llf
•Inflammation, Heals and Protects the Membran?
from Colds. Restores the Semes of Taste and
Biiell. Is quickly absorbed. (Jives relief at onca. •
50 cents *' Druggists, or by mall; samples 100 by .
KL.Y BROTHERS, 56 Warren street, .New York i
DR.MCNULTY.
ryiUH WELLKSpWN AND RKLIABLK OM>
-I sspwiai list cures Private.NervoUs.BlowUnd Skin
Dweuses of Me,, only. Manly Power restore.! Ove?
20 years' experience. Send for Book, f ree l»»tien ts
daMv-fl-mtn 1 ?*. Terms reasonable. Hoars, 6to 3
daily,6:JotoB..«)ev > !js. Rundaya, 10 to 12. Consulta- •
. tion free and sacredly confidential. -Call or iddxess
o«', , J*- BOSCOB »eWUI.TT. M. D..
SB* Kearny Street, San Iranclicv, Cat.SHIPWRECKED ON
THE CUBAN COAST
Saved From the Waves
to Fall Into Spanish
Hands.
Rough Experience of the Crew
of the Steamer Elsa From
New Orleans.
After Many Trying Ordeals They
Finally Reach New York and
Proceed to Their Homes.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 27.— Delbert
A. Cleveland of Norwalk, Ohio, arrived at
Quarantine on Monday on the steamship
Seguranca, having been sent from Havana
by Consul-General Fitzhugh Lee. He
and eight companions of the wrecked
propeller Elsa were released yesterday
and will proceed at once to their nomes,
Mr. Cleveland tola his story as follows:
The steamer Elsa, of which I was third
owner, was going from New Orleans to Bocas
del Toro, when she ran on the Colorado reef,
on the northwest coast of the province of
Mnardelßio, on the evening of Januarys.
In five minutes the ship was under water.
We had Darely time to taite to the boats, and
did not succeed in saving anything but the
clothes we stood in. The boats were soon
Separated in the dark. We got through the
reef and fought a rough sea for six hours. In
the morning we sighted shore and reached it
that night. Here we found our companions.
We were completely exhausted, and after
buildings fire and eating a very scanty meal
we lay down and slept soundly.
Next morning we took to the boats again
and proceeded in a westerly direction. Be
fore noon we saw the smoke of a steamship,
which was coming directly for us. We were
not much cheered to see that it, was a
Spanish gunboat, the Aguila. We imme
diately had visions of a sojourn in Moro
Castle and other horrors, but we found that
the commander, Eueenio Montero, was a
gentleman in every sense of the word.
The moment our situation was explained
to him he ordered that each of us should re
ceive a drink of whisky and a good meal. To
fulfill the letter of his duty he dispatched a
boat's crew to look around and see if we had
landed any arms or ammunition on the island.
After satisfying himself in this respect, Cap
tain Montero got under way again aiid carried
us to the eastward. He took us to the port of
Mantua ani reported to General Francisco
Aregonez, the commander of the place.
When the commander of Arroya heard our
story he went on board and took myself and
another back to the wreck of the Elsa— even
then under the suspicion that we were filibus
ters. After beating around the reef for some
three hours the Elsa was finally located. The
warship sent a small sailboat and some sea
men, the commander and ourselves to search
the wreCk. We found that sne had settled a
little there in the water and had the appear-
aiice of beginning to break up. Everything of
value was put on the sailboat. As nothing of
a suspicious nature was found on us we were
tak-en back to Arroya.
We stayed there two days as virtual Drlaon
ers, not being allowed outside the guard
lines. We were kept in an empty warehouse
and had very plain food. The town had been
partially fortified. There was a deep trench
•bout the place and nobody ventured outside
for ftfar of the insurgents. The towu was in a
miserable condition. The inhabitants were
dying off like rats in their homes of starva
tion and fever. Pea soup and fish were the
only things they had to eat. There was abso
lutely no trade of any sort going on. We were
told that we could not take our boats any fur
ther and that we would have to go overland
to Havana.
Early one morning we were ordered out.
We took packs on our backs and with an es
cort of about thirty soldiers started for the in
terior. As tve tramped on patiently toward
Mantua we could sco great volumes of smoke
to the east, which the soldiers informed us
was from villages Vhich had .been burned by
the insurrectionists. We saw the glare of the«e
fires when we stopped cur march for the
night. Our guard became larger as we ad
vanced?
Uniforms? The troops have none; they wear
any sort of coat, no underwear and canvas
shoes. There was a regular collection of hats
in our guard. The only uniformity was a
little red button worn on the hats and the
blanket carried by each man. The food of the
company consisted of pea soup and bea bis
cuits. Meat ? There was none. There was
nothing but devastation to be seen on the
road.
At Mantua we were put up at the Hotel
Gran da. We slept that night in a vacant
shed with the rest of our crew and had the
ground for a bed and one blanket each fur a
cover. The next morning a courier with a
message arrived. The bugle was sounded and
within half an hour about 150 horsemen and
800 soldiers rrere on their way to the south,
where we could see smoke and hear a lot of
firing. 1 did not hear the result of the en
gagement.
We left that day for Bsja. We found this
place in the same miserable condition as the
others. Some of the soldiers we met threat
ened us, but our own guards were very civil.
From Baja we were escorted to Pinar del Rio,
where we interviewed another general. We
were now in the heart of the richest tobacco
country in the world. There is a railroad run
ning through it. We noticed that the earn
were made in the United States. The loco
motives were of the Baldwin male. Tnis road
is not doing any business to speak of, for the
insurgent* tear up the track and wreck the
traluß about as fast as the Spaniards can make
repairs.
From here we started on a long journey
toward the east-northeast, passing through
what was once a beautiful farming country,
but now it is all desolation. At Vihales we
purchased shoes and some food. The diet of
eea biscuits, beans and pea soup was beginning
to tell on us. We had not tasted any beef for
some days. The native troops have great
vitality. • They do service on almost no food
and with rags to cover them. So yellow and
miserable is their appearance that one of our
seamen said that he could lick three of them
at a time easily.
Most of the.^e poor devils look as if they were
Buffering from jaundice, and their bones
stick out of their cheeks. They are covered
with vermin. They are armed for tne most
pert with old-fashioned Remingtous.
When we got well inland, we found that all
the young men were gone. There were old
men, women and children to be seen. Ail of
■ them looked ill. Bridges were down every
• where, and we had to lord some of the rivers
with the water up to our waists. Only the
chimneys of the sugar-houses were standing.
The condition oi the Spanish officers in the
field is not as bad as that of the men. They
haye uniforms and manag3 to get provisions
for themselves and their horses. Those of
them that we met treated us well.
■ At a town called Consolacion the soldiers
got boisterous, and we were afraid they were
going to attack us. They did much loud talk
ing, shaking their fists and pointing their
suns at us, but the trouble was finally settled
. iv peace, and we were allowed to proceed.
We had now been joined Dy many other
soldiers and had quite a big escort. Mo>t of
them, however, were either wounded or unfit
ior duty, owing to sickness.
We arrived one morning at Rio Blanco, a
fine town only a couple of miles from the
coast. Here we were told that withi:i a few
days we wou.d get a steamship irom Havana.
We were very glad to hear it, for we were ut
terly tired out.
We had been here only s short time when
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1897.
smoke waR seen. This was announced to be
onr steamship. She came within half a mile
of the coast. We were rowed out in large
lighters and put on board, together with the
sick and wounded soldiers. There was already
a big cargo of wounded on board. The sights
I saw on that ship I shall never forget. How
ever, you soon get accustomed to such things.
The'steamer made but oae stop between Rio
Blanco and Havana, and that was at Bahia
Honda More sick and wounded sqldters were
crowded oq here and a considerable amount
of corn and supplies was landed. Ihe condi
tion of tne sick and wounded might have been
toeiped had there been medicines, but there
was none at all.
At Bahia Honda we weighed anchor at 2:30
p. m., passed outside the reef and shaped a
course tor Havana, which we reached Sunday
morning, January 17. The Morro Castie and
forts were saluted as we passed inside the har
bor and we were in the Cuban metropolis. The
three guns and our bill of lading were sent on
board a Spanish gunboat which lay in the
harbor, and we waited in great anxiety to hear
our fate. After some time a guard came back
from the gunboat and we were escorted to a
cheap hotel, and now had a chance to wash
ourselves and eat a good, hearty meal.
The following-day, much to our surprise and
gratification, we were presented to the Ameri
can Consul, General Kiizhugh Lee, from whom
we received the treatment of shipwrecked
mariners. We had contracted quite a large
bill for our expenses while being brought here,
and our compass and instruments were taken
from us to be sold to meet ihese expenses.
Some olour boys were badly in need of cloth
ing, what they had being much torn and worn
out by the long hard trip across the island,
and Uncle Sam now supplied them with over
alls and some very thin cheap garments to
wear back to the States In zero weather, and
furnishtd us with steerage tickets, which
obliged us to sleep on the decks without bed
ding or blankets/ and to eat our mealioffihe
deck out of tin pans. Our treatment at the
hands of the Spaniards, whom we looked upon
as enemies, had been a good deal better.
There was a contrast in the case of the Nor
wegian sailors on board who were being sent
home by tneir Consul, and who also n ad been
shipwrecked. They were the crew of a bart
that had gone ashore near Vera Cruz, Mexico,
where the Norwegian Consul had provided all
with good, warm clothing aud a second-ciass
passage, and first-class passage lor the captain
and mate. So the Norwegians did not return
to their homes like tramps. We reflected upon
the poverty of Uncle Sam, who could do no
better than send his sailors home in the dead
of winter with no underclothing, and with
only the thinnest, apparel and very little of
that.
FR OM m E st.tT OF WA R.
Paaaenger* of the Olivette Bring a
Budget of Interesting A>w«.
KEY WEST, Fla., Jan. 27.— Passengers
on the Olivette report that Gonzales
Moreno, one of the most prominent citi
zens of Puerto Principe, for ten years
Mayor of the city and a rebel colonel in
the last war, nas joined tbe insurgeuts, as
has also Venanci Sorenz, a Spaniard, com
manding a detachment of troops in San
tiago de Cuba.
An expedition is said to have landed at
La Caleta, near Cape May si. It is also
reported that Ruiz Riveira gave a severe
thrashing to General Melguizo near Pi
nales and inflicted heavy losses, the
Spaniards losing thirty dead and eighty
wounded.
It is reported that when Weyler was
marching down CandelaHill, near Guines,
six shots were tired on him by some party
nidden in the bushes near by, injuring a
lieutenant and a private at his side.
On the 16th inst., passing by the town
of Malpaez, six miles southeast of Sague,
General Carreras ordered it burned, and at
the same time he carried off a number of
peaceful citizens and had them hacked to
pieces with machetes.
The guerrilla chief brought into Sugua
the dead bodies of four paciricos, one a
poor cripple, oue IS years old and three
children. This and other distressing facts
are given by a member of Uarrera's guerril
las.
The same authority says he saw over
twenty families trudging in Sagua la
Grande, driven from Malpaez. Some of
the women and children were virtually
nude. He also learned from a Spanish
officer that Gomez's infantry was camped
on the Manajanabo plantation, which is
betweeu Santa Clara and Camajunia. He
also informed the same party that there
was no doubt that Gomez had received a
big expedition at some point along the
Sagua coast.
FOURTEEN GIRLS MURDERED.
Bodiet Found in a Care, Where Dog*
Were Gnatclng lheir Bone:
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 27.-A Kfy
West, Fla., special says: The bodies of
fourteen girls have been found in a small
cave within half a mile of the Spanish
encampment at Guanabacoa on a road
visitors are not allowed to travel. They
were discovered by a boy who saw some
dogs gnawing bones.
Driving the dogs off be saw that they
were human bones, and noticing from
which direction they had been dragged he
came to this opening, and venturing in
saw the decomposing bodies.
The bodies could not be identified fur
ther than that they were female bodies
and young. The girls had been cruelly
murdered and some had been hacked in
pieces.
The publicity given to the many mur
ders committed at Guanabacoa hat
alarmed even the Spanish residents, who
fear the effect on the American people.
After the discovery of the girls' bodies a
large delegation of Spanish merchants and
business men called upon the Marquis de
Ahumada, the acting captain-general, and
made strong protestations to him upon
the subject.
He promised, it is said, though reluct
antly, to speak to General Weyler about it.
The patrol killed two boatmen Tuesday
night without warning as they ap
proached tnn quay, and threw them into
the water. One of the few remaining con
vents was entered by soldiers last Satur
day, and but for the interposition of tbe
authorities the inmates would have been
maltreated.
DRAFT OF A HOME-RULE I, AW.
What Spain J» Said to Be Willing to
Concede to Cuba.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 28.— A dis
patch from the Herald's correspondent in
Havana, sent via Key West, says:
"I have seen absolute drafts of the home
rule law which Spain is to concede to
Cuba. The act provides for a legislative
assembly, wholly selective by an enlarged
suffrage and composed of a Senate
and Lower House. Besides hav
ine tfie sole powar to vote an
especial budget of the island,
this chamber has full power to draw up
and control the budget of what may be
termed the imperial expense?, or tbe ex
penses of tbe army and navy of Spain,
and so far as they are legitimately tc be
nhared by Cuba. This budget of material
expenses will be sent to Madrid for the
approval of tbe Cortes.
"With the Governor-General is vested
the power to appoint all officials in the
Cuban Government with the exception of
tbe directors-general, or collectors of the
ports and secretaries-general of the Gover
nor-ceneral and civil Governors of tbe
provinces, who are to be selected by popu
lar vote.
"Ail of those who shall be appointed by
the Governor-General must be confirmed
by the Assembly created by the reform
measure in the same way that Federal
appointments require confirmation by the
Senate in the United States.
"This Cuban Assembly will have full
and exclusive power to initiate all money
and tariff bills, and no bills of this nature
can be presented or considered by the
Madrid Government until they have been
approved by the Cuban Assembly.
"The reform measure was read to-Mr.
Olney in Washington last December by
Minister de Lome, and met his unquali
fied approval.
"Liberal as the concessions seem I do
not believe that the Cubans will accept
any reforms to which the United States is
directly or indirectly not a party. The
gurantee of reform is now sought in the
commercial agreement now being nego
tiated at Washington.
"In this agreement Spain clearly recog
nizes the new autonomous system in Cuba
and any failure to carry out the agree
ment now or to abrogate it in the future
would be a breach of faith with the United
States sufficient to justify remonstrance,
and eventually, if necessary, actual inter
ference. If the terms of this pledge given
by Spain to the United States are suffi
ciently explicit and unmistakable under
this indirect guarantee the Cubans will
accept the reform bill.
"I can say that I have the authority to
give this assurance, otherwise neither this
nor any other agreement, however made,
would be accepted. This has been said to
me many times during the last few days
by the most authoritative leaders in the
civil councils of the insurgents, and may
be regarded as final."
UOVEMEXiS OF GOMEZ.
The Whole Inland Watching th« Innur-
qmt Chieftain.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 27.— A dis
patch to the Sun from Havana says: It
is reported in this city that General Go
mez is in the province of Matanzas. The
wnoie attention of the island is now cen
tered on Gomez, nltbougn it is always
difficult to tell with certainty the where
abouts of the Cuban leader. Gomez never
permits his position to be exactly known
until he strikes one of his unexpected
blows. But that he has passed the
boundary of Santa Clara province ap
pears quite certain.
Forty more persons were arrested Mon
day and sent to the common jail on politi
cal charges. Weyler's policy of terror and
persecution is producing the natural effect
of augmenting tbe insurgent forces, and at
tbe same time is stimulating the universal
dissatisfaction and tbe purpose to resist
Spain to the very end. It is said that Major
Fondiviella will soon be promoted to
the rank of colonel. The truth is that
Weyler has offered him a reward for his
recent massacres. Weyler is an intimate
friend of Fondiviella and brought him to
the island as one of tbe men in whom he
has the greatest confidence. He served
under Weyler in the Canary Islands. The
news of his promotion for the savage
butcheries which have made him famous
is, tberetore, not at all extraordinary.
There is no truth in the report, originat
ing in Key West, that the blowine-up of
the gunboat Cometa will result in a duel
between General Weyler and Admiral
Navarro.
Nevertheless, as has already been re
ported, there is bitter feeling and much
rivalry and jealousy between the navy and
the army. Admiral Navarro and Weyler
have exchanged angry notes about s*v
eral matters, and this duel has been going
on for a long time, but pens, ink and paper
are the only weapons used.
A QUEEJt-ACTJXG CM AH.
The A'rwirk Overhaul* What Slight He a
FiUbutter.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27.—Com
mander Colby of the cruiser Newark re
ports to the Navy Department that on
January 23 he stopped the launch Undine,
which acted mysteriously.
The vessel came out of St. Johns har
bor, and he ordered a shot to be tired
ahead of her to stop her. She continued
to run, so he chased her and fired several
blank cartridges until he finally over
hauled her.
Her captain said he was from St. Au
gustine. Fia., but could not get over the
St. Johns bar. He claimed to be the
owner of the Undine and gave his name
as John J. Jester, but a negro at the
wheel said his real name was Collins.
Under these circumstances Commodore
Colby turned the vessel back to St. Johns,
where she was left.
GOMEZ BUSIES THJS BTORI.
Alter Wrote a Jjttter Propoting to Cotn-
promite With Spain.
ATLANTA, Ga., Jan. 27 The Evening
Constitution published to-day an authen
tic interview witn General Maximo Gomez,
in which he denies that he ever wrote a
letter favoring home rule for Cuba.
Be opposes a compromise with Spain
and says that if he had 50,000 rifles and
1000 cartridges for each he could drive
Weyler off the island within a montn.
The general criticizes Mr. Cleveland for
interference. The interview was obtained
by C. N. Hernando, who was sent to
Havana by Rev. A. J. Diaz with a com
mission to have a personal interview with
Gomez.
Three Fri'ndi *nd Dit tint let* Releated.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. 27.-The
steamer Three Friends and the Dauntless,
which have been in the custody of the
United States Marshal for several weeks,
were released on bond to-day Dy order of
the United States court.
Bl<i FIR H I A CIMCIXXATI.
At 2.48 Tlil* Horning the Entire Depart'
ment Wat Out.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 28.— The north
section of Albert Schwill & Co., 9, malt
house, extending from Commerce to Sec
ond, between Race and Vine streets, a
five-story building, is on fire and is likely
to be destroyed. The section of Goepper's
mait-honse, on the south side of Com
merce street, equally as large, and the
Leopman & Schrader Cordage Company
adjoining Goepper's building, are also in
danger.
Goepper's building is full of malt.
At 2:45 this morning the tire is getting
away from the firemen. The entire force
is out. Loepman <fc Sbrader's building is
now on tire. The loss on contents is
$100,000; building?, $300,000.
Ynl' and Harvard Hill Mot Met.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 27.— The
Register prints to-day the following: On
tbe statement of one of the leading au
thorities on athletics at Yale it may be
safely said now that tbe negotiations
which have been carried on between tbe
representative^ of Yale and Harvard for
many months in an effort at reconcilia
tion between the two universities have
fallen fiat and that Yale and Harvard
will not meet in any branch of athletics
during the present year.
Winner* at ->>etc Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, La.. Jan. 27. — Results:
Seven furlongs, Loudon won, Hanna Belle
second, Miss Bradshaw tnird. Time, 1:34.
Seven furlongs, Stanza won, Winslow second,
Dr. France third. Time. 1:34%
Six furlongs. Lone PmctSs won, Sharon
second, Pete Kitchen third. Time, \:V7%.
One mile, Baal Gad won, Harmony second,
C. C. Rumi ill third. Time, 1 :50.
Six furlongs, Henrica won, Seelbacn second,
John Conroy third. Time, 1:19} 2 .
HOUSE DISCUSSION
ON IMMIGRATION
Eloquent Pleas for Protec
tion of the American
Workingman.
Tariff Legislation of No Avail
if the Influx of Pauper
Lsbor Continues.
Hepburn of lowa Luily Cheered by
the Gal?ries— Conference Report
' on tie Bill Adopted.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27.— The
House to-day, alter tbe reading of the
journal, entered upon the consideration
of the immigration bill, as agreed upon
by tbe conferees of the House and Senate.
Bartholdt (R.) of Missouri, chairman oi
the House Committee on Immigration,
refused to sign the report. It was agreed
that the debate should continue until 4:15
o'clock to-day and that members should
have tne right to print.
Danford (R.) of Otiio opened the debate
in the presence of a large number of
members but an unusually small attend
ance in the galleries. He explained
the changes made in conference and
answered the objections made to the
separation of an illiterate husband
and his wife. He admitted that his bill
was drawn for the purpose of excluding
undesirable immigrants and that the edu
cational test was inserted in order to carry
out that purpose. The time had come, he
said, wnen something should bo done to
restrict immigration.
Time and again the conventions of the
two great parties had promised the coun
try relief on this score, but this was the
first real effort to make good these
promises.
He read from statistical returns of the
Superintendent of Immigration to show
the large proportion of illiterates coming
to the United States from the southern
and eastern portions of Europe, asserting
that the immigration from the western
and northern nations of Europe wouldbe
but little affected by the proposed legisla
tion.
A significant statement had been made
In the newspapers recently to the effect
that if every industrial wheel in the
country was started and the mills fully
manned there would bi two or three hun
dred thousand men still unemployed.
He did not speak for the ''Weary Wat
kins" who did not want to wort at any
time, but for those who want to labor and
who were pleading for legislation for their
protection.
The provisions of the bill known as Cor
liss' amendments, and intended to deal
with that class known as birds
of passage, Mr. Danford said, would
doubtless be found difficult to en
force—more difficult, probably, than was
imagined — but that something must be
done to prevent the forays of these people
who come in the summer and flee in the
winter was eenerally conceded.
Dolliver (R.) of lowa asked what was
the purpose of departing from the educa
t onal test fixed by the House and Senate
bill, and providing that the immigrant
should read and write the constitution of
the United States in the language of his
native or resident country.
Danford replied that it was to reach the
Russian Jews, who, being driven from
their homes and having drained the
charity of Western Europe, were being
thrown upon our shores in great numbers.
For the first time in their history the
Hebrew Associated Charities of New York
were compelled to appeal for aid to people
outside their own race for the relief of
their people in t. at city.
He concluded with an earnest plea for
the passage of the bill.which would in some
small degree relieve the country from the
menace to which it is exposed under
present laws. He did not as-k that ward
ship be worked to any one, but that the
interests of the residents of the country
might be conserved.
In opening the debate in opposition to
the adoption of the report, Bartholdt said
he bad refused to sign the report
for two reasons — first, that by
its provisions families — husbands and
wives, mothers and children — would be
separated, and second, that it forbade the
entrance of immigrants who could not
read the language of their native or
adopted country.
This drastic provision, be said, was not
contained in either the Senate or House
bill, and its appearance vindicated his ex
iiressed fear some weeks ago that if the
bill went to conference it would return in
a shane which could not be justified to
the constituents of many Representatives
am* would offend the sense of justice and
right of the country.
TThe bill, Bartholdt asserted, would de
feat the purpose nominally ureed by its
advocates, of establishing an educational
test. It would shut out, for instance, a
class of Germans who had for 3QO yenrs
made their homes in Russia, the language
of which they did not speak; also many
of the residents of Alsace-Lorraine who
had not yet acquired the German lan
guage.
To Hitt (R.) of Illinois, who inquired as
to the status of the Swiss, who had no
distinctive national language, would they
be shut out according to the gentleman's
construction ot the law, Bartholdt said
three languages had obtained recognition
in Switzerland, and immigrants from that
country would choose among them.
Many members interroeated Bartboldt
with a view to demonstrating that the
language clause wonld not work such dis
advantage as he imagined. To all of
them he said his object was to perfect the
measure so as not to expose desirable im
migrants to the jeopardy involved in the
preseut form of tne bill.
Several suggestions were made as to the
best manner in which to secure this end,
but friends of the bill found none of them
acceptable.
Referring to the statement that the bill
was intended to reach especially the Rus
sian Jews, Bartholdt said :
"If ia thi3 dawn of the twentieth cen
tury my constituents should ask me to
join in jurther prosecuting them I would
lay down my duties here, return to my
sanctum and write editorials against such
an inhuman proposition." [Applause.]
C. W. Stone (R.)of Pennsylvania advo
cated the adoption of the conference re
port, saying that if it were not adopted
Congress would do nothing at this session
toward the restriction of immigrants.
Many members, be said, received tele
grams like the one he sent to the clerk's
desk, and had read from a steamboat
agency in Chicago requesting constituents
to wire their Congressmen to vote against
the immigration bill under threats that
an affirmative vote meant defeat for re
election.
The demand for the passage of the bill
bad been made by the National •Conven
tions of the Republican and Democratic
parties, and, further, the immigration of
recent years entered into disastrous com
petition with the workingmen of the
country, forcine *.hem to either take low
wages or to abandon their labors alto
set her.
If the test proposed in the law had been
in effect the past year it would have kept
out 68.163 immigrants from Russia, Italy
and Austro-Hungary, from which coun
tries generally the undesirable class came,
while only 4146 would have been returned
to Germany, Sweden and Norway, Eng
land and Ireland, which furnished the de
sirable immigrants.
Speaking of the distribution of the im
migrants Stone said that of the 343,000
who came in last year 224,650 remained in
the States of Massachusetts, New York
and Pennsylvania.
"It is no wonder," be said, jrfch great
earnestness, "that the gentleman from
Missouri (Barthol-it) and otner Western
Representatives oppose Uie passage oi an
immigration bill, because it does not
trouble them.
In the name of his State Stone de
manded some restriction. It was useless
to pass tariff laws mtenaed to benefit the
workingmen of the country unless they
were protected against the invasion of
pauper labor from abroad. [Applause. |
Tne adoption of the conierence report
was antagonized by Buck (D.) of Louis
iana. In eloquent words and impressive
manner* he spoke of the benefits to Amer
ica from immigration which were too often
forgotten or unappreciated.
Johnson (R. ) of Indiana followed in
favor of the conference report. Tne bill
proposed, he saiu, did not co far enough.
He wished one broad and drastic enough
to meet the evil which the legislation wag
intended to meet.
There were many immigrants who could
read and write who were otherwise totally
unfit to become American citizens. Any
law short of absolute restriction of immi
gration must necessarily be arbitrary in its
•effects. Gentlemen might quote scripture,
might go back to ancient history and
make beautiful speeches about the hu
manities; but the practical fact was that
the time Had come when American
civilization was in danger from the in
novation of foreign hordes upon our
shores to deteriorate the blood.
Parker (R.) of New Jersey objected to
the report of the conference committee for
the reason that it went further than the
provisions of either the House or Senate,
and that was beyond the purview of such
a body.
Corljis (R.) of Michigan explained the
necessiti"S of the provisions in tbe bill
suggested by himself, aimed at what are
known as "birds of passage."
In Detroit alone, lie said, there were
10,000 citizens anxious to work, unable to
obtain it because of the presence of aliens
who were there temporarily, defrauding
the American citizens out of their rights.
When be took bis oath of office as a
member of the House, it wus not to legis
late for the benefit of the whole world, but
for the upbuilding and protection of the
American people. [Applause. J
Walker (R.) of Massachusetts said that
nothing in nis experience as a member of
Congress had made his blood boil as had
this conference report.
The nihilist, socialist and anarchist
could easily pass the educational teat and
come in. It would be better lo admit
some cf the nonest farmers and working
men who could not read.
While I annon (R.) of Illinois had voted
to exclude the Chinese, alien-contract
labor and paupers and favored the impo
sition of the educational test provided in
the House bill, he could not support the
conference report because it was ambigu
ous. If it was desirable to shut out cei
tain classes of people, shut them out
directly and not in an indirect manner.
Morae (R. ) of Massachusetts said his
colleague (Walker) did not represent the
sentiment of Massachusetts on the sub
ject; it demanded restricted immigration,
and the pending bill met that demand.
Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio would not vote
for a bill that permitted a man to aban
don his wife and bring in his pauper rela
tives.
He would not vote for a measure framed
specially to restrict the entrance of the
Russian Jews, for such a vote would be
charged up to him as a vote against a man
on account of his religion.
And ne would not vote for the provision
when opened the door to immigrants of
any class, pauper, criminal or insane, r>ro
yided only that they had resided for a time
in Cuba.
Danford (R.) of Ohio— That is to last
only as long as the revolution lasts.
Grosvenor — Well, that may be a long
time, if the revolution-continues as long
as the last one did.
Dolliver (R. ) of lowa antagonized the
report, expressing the opinion thai it was
vastly more important for a man to enjoy
the society of bis wife than cf his grand
father, which the bill provided.
It also contained a provision for free im
migration from Cuba. This was intended
to bring a thrill of joy into the insurgent
camps in Cuba, to be. informed that after
two years of consideration and a variety
of legislation the great American republic
had decided to admit Cubans into this
country without undergoing a civil service
examination. (Laughter).
fioatner (D.) of Louisiana spoke for and
Taylor (R.) of Ohio against the report,
and the debate was concluded by Hep
burn (R.) of lowa in favor of the confer
ence report.
In concluding his remarks Mr. Hepburn
drew an eloquent and effective picture of
the American workingman as a citizen
without work, searching for it and re
turning home unsuccessful.
"What lullaby," he asked, "will that
man sing to his hungry child at nizht to
sa'isfyits cravings? That man has the
ballot, and, knowing what your knowl
edge must be of his action, I ask if it is
not the part of patriotism and statesman
ship to provide for him?"
He expressed the belief that even on
this inclement day there were 250,000
American citizens unable to obtain work —
turned out of their places to make room
for those from foreign lands.
"You talk of dividing the bounties of
this great republic with the people of the
whole world. Let us serve our own first:
let us keep the places for American labor
ers to delve in, and then if we have to
spare we can invite those of other na
tions." [Loud applause, in which the gal
leries enthusiastically joined. J
The vote was then taken on the adoption
of the conference report, and on a division
it was agreed to— ll6 to 105.
Bartholdt demanded the ayes and noes,
which resulted in 131 ayes and 117 noes.
The usual motion to reconsider and lay
that motion on the table having been
made by Danford (R.) of Ohio and agreed
to, the House at 4:45 adjourned until to
morrow. .
FORECLOSURE NOT NECESSARY.
Eminent Lamer So/s the Union Pacific
Has A/ready Forfeited /is
Charter.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 27.— There
is not the slightest chence that the Harri
son-Gear bill for a Pacific Railroad com
mission can become a law. The question
then recurs as to proceedings in court.
The Call correspondent was informed
to-ni>>ht by an eminent and able lawyer
who expects to take part in this suit that
foreclosure proceedings in the case of the
Union Pacific will not bs necessary, as it
was expressly stipulated in the act of 1878
that six months after the roads, or either
of them, had defaulted, they, or either of
them, should forfeit their charter and all
rights whatsoever granted.
This attorney, who understands Pacific
Railway affairs thoroughly and who is
considered one of the ablest corporation
lawyers in the United States, contends
that foreclosure proceed lncs are unneces
sary in the case of the Union iPacific, as
that company has been in default for four
teen months, and all of its rights granted
by the act of 1878 are therefore forfeited.
Foreclosure Bill Sited.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 27. — The
Government bill for foreclosure of its
mortgage on t»e Union Pacific Railroad
Company was filed in the United States
Circuit Court here to-day. The amount
of the mortgage Is $27,236,512, and the
overdue interest $29,6b4,tkiti 39.
JUackaj/ Sub-cribeM to the 1 iiiniif fund.
MONTREAL. Canada, Jan. 27.— John
W. Mackay, the "Bonanza King." now in
New York, has sent a check for $1000 to
the Montreal Indian famine fund.
ALLEN HID GRAY
AMUSE THE SENATE
West Point Cadets at the
Inauguration Is the!
Subject.
Allen's Keen Thrusts at the
Delaware Senator Returned
With Interest
The Nicaraguan Canal Bill Elicits
Warm Debate, but No Action
Is Taken.
WASHINGTON. D. C., Jan. 25.— 1n the
Senate to-day the MiiitaryAcademy appro
priation bill was taken up, the question
being on Proctor's amendment to pay the
transportation and subsistence of West
Point military cadets coming to Washing
ton to attend the inaugural parade. Proc
tor submitted a brief argument in support
of the amendment.
Gray (D.) of Delaware opposed the
amendment. The last inauguration
which the West Point cadets attended, he
said, was in 1872, and he understood that
at that time two of them lost their lives
inconsequence of exposure. He did not
feel that the time had come for bringing
the cadets of the Military Academy to
grace the inauguration ceremonies.
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska expressed his
surprise (ironically) at the position taken
by Gray, who, he said, had given his sup
port to the Republican ticket in the recent
campaign. Why not, he asked sarcasti
cally, let the cadets come and see the con
summation of that great event.
Allen argued that to bring these carets
here would be a work of supererogation;
"not only that, but H is foolishness— ab-
solute, inexcusable foolishness. They are
not to be brought here for educational
purposes. This a mere excuse. They are
to come here to witness the display of the
assumption of the crown by the Presi
dent."
"The crown of thorns," Gray suggested.
"I should like to see the time come
back in this country," continued Allen,
"when a man would be inaugurated as
Jefferson was — in absolute democratic
simplicity.
"Riding up to the Capitol on a street
car," Gray put in.
"Yes, riding up on a streetcar," Allen
assented.
"That is good enough for any man ; or
on horseback, if he can ride; that is good
enough for any man."
The discussion was continued by Haw
ley (R.) of Connecticut and Thurston (R.)
of Nebraska, who favored the amendment,
and by Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire,
Hale (R.) of Maine, Stewart (Pop.) of Ne
vaaa, Peffer (Pop.) of Kansas and Cook
erill (D.) of Missouri, who opposed it.
The debate was closed by Hawley, who,
in reply to arguments In favor of sim
plicity, declared that there was "a great
deal ot rot in this world." He would not
say where it was located.
The vote was then taken and the amend
ment was rejected — ayes 20, noes 28. The
bill was then passed.
Senate bill to provide for further prov
ing the genuineness of handwriting in
United States courts was taken up, briefly
dist ussed and passed.
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire pre
sented the memorial of Henry A. Dupont
of Delaware, claiming that there was an
error made in counting the vote in the
Senate on his claim for admission to the
Senate and asking that the question be re
opened. Referred to the Committee on
Privileges and Elections.
Tne Nicaragua canal bill was then taken
up, and Morgan (D. ) of Alabama, in
charge of the Dill, made an elaborate state
ment in reply to the claim that the cost of
the canal would far exceed tbe estimates
of the Canal Company.
Morgan asked unanimous consent to
have a vote taken on the bill and amend
ments at 3 o'clock next Friday, but objec
tion was made by Turpie (D.) of Indiana.
Morgan then gave notice that he would
ask the Senate to sit out the bill to
morrow.
Hale (R.) of Maine, while declaring
himself favorable to the Nicaragua Canal,
did not think that the Senate was more
likely to find itself in a domain o; ac
quiescence and consent for the enterprise
on the part ot the Central American
powers by asserting that there was an im
pertinent intrusion on their part or that
there . was any attempt at blacKmail, as
the Senator from Alabama had declared
the other day.
Sherman (It.) of Ohio said he believed
and still believed that the only way by
which the Nicaragua Canal could be con
structed was by the action and power of
the Government ot the United States.
The Frelingbuysen-Salva treaty was be
fore the Senate ten years ago. He sup
posed it would accomplish the purpose,
and he believed that if that treaty had
been ratified the canal would have been
completed at this tlrue.
Unfortunately, however, that treaty had
been withdrawn from the Senate. Prob
ably the Maritime Canal Company had
been too sanguine in its expectations.
At any rate, it was unable to borrow
money to go on with the work. It had
been compelled to seli bonds at usurious
rates and t he result was that the com p«ny
had praciically failed and was unable to
complete the work.
"In my judgment," Sherman pro
ceeded, "that canal can never be built by
a corporation. It must be built, if at all,
by the people of the United States."
As to the criticism of Mr. Rodriguez
NEW TO-DAY.
jp^^Sa^y pain in
M M l THE BACK!
Ift3 joswfo7\/h\ WHEN YOU ARE TROUBLED WITH
hK # &sftl\sJ-/ jn^vV r\ a continual pain in the back or a dull
V^ Begga^r^g^^^jy^f" heavy sensation, together with a stiffness,
)W i! il I'C r*^ * .fiC^'^l-?' so that it requires an effort to straighten
Oajll ■dj .f I T\ , fv?^^"^ up from a stooping position, you can make
VSSff ■ JsJLJ// vl l)illT~~* up your mind it is time lor you to look pe-
77wk. / iklPi i/©Uf^J7 jL rfously to your health. Such sympioms
M|r / Cfc vPSvprin^ ma - v be a warning of coming lumbago,
r{|\ . £ J\R— \/ft'fl "-* - rheumatism or kidney trouble. You will
JIV M•'*- |) WkX IIVJ^J^T" do we to heed th 9 warning of nature,
iHI ' . . fl""u\i~ L.r^^^^k and to assist her in restoring you to a
Mil vsfe. *j .b)V>«** healthy, normal condition.
m OR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
/jf Has won a reputation for restoring weak kidneys ana relieving pain in the
// back. It has cured thousands. -Why net let it cure you ? ' New cures are
" reported daily. Hero is another:
DAGGETT, San Bernardino Conntv, Cal., January 26, 1897. DR. A. T. SANDKV-Dear Sir:
When I bought your B'ltlast December I was troubled with .-. continual pain in the ba k, somet.mes
rxtendioe up to th« shou der blades. 1 had been troubled for twenty years with rheumatism and nalus
all over my body. Your Electric Belt U the most wonderful thing that has ever been Invented, and I
shall always recommend it. After mint; it one montn. I now feel splendid, and have not uoublei
with a pain since 1 commenced to wear It. . . . Yours truly, . M. WALbh.
Dr. Sanden has lately published anoiber edition of his celebrated book, entitled,
"Three Classes or Men." It is a pocket edition, and will be sent, sealed, free to any
address. You will do well to send for this book, if you are weak or ailing. Of course,
if you live in town,' you can call and consult the old doctor. His advice is free and
will be of value to you. Call and see the Belt, or send lor the book, to
S^.3XrXJ3E3IC EXiBCTHIO CO.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays, 10 to 1. Los Angelas Office 204 South Broad-
way: Portland, Or., 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 933 Sixteenth street. . .;
: KOTJi.-iidake no mistake in me number— 332 Market street
• - —*
3
Sherman asserted that the right of that
Minister was as clear as the right of the
British Embassador, and that he should
be treated with kindness and forbearance.
His honorable friend (Morgan) had im
agined that Great Britain was back of the
Minister from Central America, but that
Senator was always apt to refer to Eng
land as a bugaboo. [Laughter.]
TLe Senate of the United States, he
added, does not fear England or any other
power. The people oi the United States
do not fear England. We have had two
wars with England, and I hope that we
will never have another.
The two nations ought never to right
with each other. They ought to be al
ways friendly. Great Britain is now more
and more following the example of the
United States in having a government "of
the people, by the people and for the peo
ple."
"And I believe," he continued, "that
the time is not far distant when Great
Britain will be as free as we are and will
approach nearer and nearer to the rule of
the people. But for the Irish question she
would be still nearer to it.' 1
Sherman went on to say that although
he should vote tor the bill in any form in
which it might be presented, he thought
the better way would be to allow the mat
ter to rest
The bill could not pass Congress during
the present session, as in all probability ii
passed by tho Senate it would not be
taken up in the House. He would not
take advantage of the misfortunes of the
company, but would pay back to it every
dollar that it had expended.
White (D.) of California asked Sherman
if the pending bill was not substantially
the same as he had reported to the Senate
some time ago as chairman of the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations, and on which
bill he had indulged in extended eulo
gistic comments.
Sherman admitted that it was, but
added that the company was not able to
build the canal.
White further asked whether it had not
been evident at that time that the con
struction of the canal would require the
assistance of the United States.
"Yes," Sherman replied, "and if the
United States had given that assistance
tne company woulu probably not have
failed."
Morsan objected to a statement by
Sherman that the Maritime Company had
gone to Congress to ask for assistance.
"Did I say bo?', Sherman asked.
"You said so," Morgan replied.
"I think we sought the company,"
Sherman corrected himself.
"Yes, we sought tbe company," said
Morgan, who went on to speak of Sher
man's allusion to thp negotiation of a new
treaty on the line of the Frelinghuysen-
Salva treaty.
Vilas(D.)of Wisconsin moved to com
mit the bill to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and then suggested that if
Morgan preferred to have it recommiited
to the select committee on the Nicaragua
canal he would modify the motion.
"The chairman of the select committee,"
said Morgan in a haughty tone, "has
never any choice between insults."
Vilas disclaimed the idea of offense and
modified his motion.
Aldrich (R.) ot Rhode Island spoke
against the motion and in lavor of the
bill, referring to what lie called the prom
ise of Sherman — the future Premier — to
negotiate a new treaty,
"I did not say that," Sherman inter
posed.
"You said," Aldrich repeated, "that if
the bill were allowed to go over a new
treaty could be negotiated, but we have
no assurance that the States of Nicaragua
and Costa Rica will enter into any such
negotiations.
"The friends of the bill should under
stand that this recommittal means the
death-knell of the project which is so dear
to the hearts of the American people."
Without action on Vilas' motion to re
commit, the Senate, at 4:45 p. M., bjr a
vote of 28 to 27, adjourned until to
morrow.
DECLARED A DRAW.
Decision in the Stelzner- Van Buskirk
Contest Fails to Please the
Spectators.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 27.— Referee
Donahue declared the Van Buskirk-Stelz
ner ten-round contest a draw, and nearly
800 spectators declared Referee Donadue's
decision to be so odorous that ii required
immediate interment— and chere were not
over 820 spectators present.
They declared that Slelzner was robbed
of his hard-earned honors, but just the
same it was a great battle.
From start to finish it was seemingly
Stelzner's fight, he landing at will on his
opponent, closing one eye entirely and
greatly damaging the other, and pro
ducing a decidedly Hamburger steak ap
pearance to Van's iace.
Van Buskirk proved to be a glutton for
punishment. He kept following Stelzner
up in every round, at times attempting
hard swings with his right, some of which
landed, but the majority hit the atmos
phere.
In the first round Jack jabbed hid man
repeatedly in the face with his leit and
received several bard left swings in re
turn, honors being about even.
In the second Van cut the pace and
lauded several heavy right swings on
Jack's head and body, and received In re
turn left jabs which invariably landed on
his optic.
Van had the best of it Toward the end
of the third Stelzner punched Van all
over the rine, and in the fourth he re
peated tbe performance. At y tie end of
the round Van went to his corner with
one eye closed and his face covered with
blood.
The fifth and sixth rounds saw some
hard righting, with honors easy, but in
the seventh Jack again pounded Van and
tnd"d the round with a left swing that
nearly drove Van througd the rones.
The eighth was all Stelzner's. He
landed at will, Van taking his punish
ment without a murmur and r.ever mak
ing a lead. It ended with Van being a
little groggy.
In the ninth Van again failed to land a
blow on hia clever opponent, who jabbed
him repeatedly on his damaged face
In the final round Van started on the
aggressive, but his damaged eyes pre
vented liim from landing with any accu
racy, and the round ended witu Stelzner
hammering Van at will.4
DEAF MAN ON
A FRESNO JURY
Sanders' Cellmate Has Tell
ing Testimony to
Offer.
A Stubbcok's Cold Evidencs
Against the Accused Pro
fessor.
A Sensation Expected From the Ex
posure of an Alleged Manufac
tured Defense.
FRESNO, Cal.. Jan. 27.— 1n the trial of
W. A. Sanders for forgery John Reich
lnan, the expert on handwriting, was on
the stand during the greater part of the
day and was cross-examint d at length by
the defense.
The witness made practically the same
explanation of the characteristic* of
Wootton's genuine signature as Mr. Gum
pel did the day before, and pointed out
the differences in the signature to tlip
draft. Mr. Reichman was very positive
that the draft, deeds and letters were for
gerie?.
Deputy Sheriff Peck was placed upon
the stand. He had taken a leading part
in conducting the investigations wuicb led
to Professor Sanders' arrest. The mnin
point of his testimony was the rinding of
a draft book by himself and Detective A.
B. Lawson ir. tue delendant's office at Lis
ranch.
Tne book contained blank? precisely
like the one on which tho drait whicii
Sanders is alleged to have forged was
written. The officer found that one
blank had been torn out, together with
tho stub. Next to the binding the torn
edges couid be seen, however. Such
books always contain fifty blanks, and
the witness found, upon careful counting,
that there were only forty-nine in the
book.
Robert Anderson will ba called to-mor
row forenoon to testify regarding the
agreement he entered into with Professor
Sanders to assist in fabricating testimony
while they were cellmates in the County
Jail.
It is understood that he will tell every
thing in regard to the transaction, and the
manufactured statements which Sanders
wrote for the two witnesses Ander-on was
to procure will probably be introduced in
evidence and the sensational contents
made public.
There is room for serious doubt whether
one of the jurors is hearing all the tppti
monv introduced. His name is J. M. Rose
and he is an elderly man. His bearing is
imperfect — so much so that he can under
stand only when distinctly spoken to.
When Mr. Rose was examined as a
talesman the attorneys had to out their
questions in such a manner, and he stated
mat whenever he should be unable to hear
the testimony he wculd tell the witnesses
to speak louder.
While one witness was on the !>tand
early in the trial District Attorney Snow
asked the juror if he could hear what was
being said. "Most of it," was Mr. Rose's
reply, and he was informed that he ought
to understand everything.
Although Mr. ftose occapies a chair
near the witness-stand, it is doubtful that
he Hears all the testimony. The witnesses
sometimes eive tueir answers in an under
tone, making it difficult for a person even
with normal hearing to understand them.
This is a very important matter. The
attorneys aup court, being deeply occu
pied with tbe proceedings, forget that the
juror is partially deaf, and do not always
require the witness to speak out.
Mr. Rose probably thinks he catches the
answers, but it may be presumed at least
that this is a very unreliable manner of
presenting testimony to a jury.
CAUGHT NEAR SANTA MARGARITA.
Rcmon Molinas, Wanted for a Murder at
Pancche Four Years Ago, Sur
prised by Officers.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Jan. 27.—
After a search of lour years San Luis
Obispo officers yesterday effected the cap
ture of Ramon Molinas, a Mexican,
charged with the murder of Juan Para, a
Chilean, in an affray at Panoche.
The catch was made Dy Marshal Cook of
this town and Constable Epperly of Santa
Margarita at a cabin six miles east of the
latter place.
Marsha! Cook located Molinas several
days ago and carefully planned his cap
ture. The outlaw was seized and man
acled as be emerged from the doorway of
his bumble dwelling.
Taken unawares, Molinas was unable to
resist. The prisoner was brought to town
in icons and is now in prison.
Molinas confessed to the murder to
Cook, but says the shooting was the re
sult of Para's refusing to pay him what
was due for work performed.
The officers at Fresno have bt-en in
formed of the capture, and an officer will
arrive in a day or two and take Molinas
back to the scene of his crime.
MOBBED BX A SCSI AS TBUO.
Ar M» lorfc Traveling Man Sandbagged in
Ih* Washington Tillage.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., Jan. 27.— W.
M. English, traveling representative for
Oregon and Washington of the Babbitt
Soap Company of New York, was sand
bagged and robbed at Sumas, this county,
Sunday night.
English was Knocked down just after
dark in the outskirts of the village, while
returning to his hotel after visiting a
friend. He gained his feet and offered
tight, but the robber was too powerful,
and took the money English had in one
pocket — about $30 — snatched a valuable
watcbcharm and escaped. English was
badly hurt by the blow of the sandbag on
the side of bis head, ana ttaggered to a
house, whore he was cared for. The night
was bitterly cold, and he would have
frozen had he fainted outside. He nad a
large amount of money in another pocket
that the robbsr missed.
POISONING AT INDEPENDENCE.
Aged Man Attempts to Kill H mse/f and
Those Who Gave Him a
Home.
INDEPENDENCE, Or., J»n. 27.— An at
tempt at suicide and wholesale poisoning
was made on the Ben Mason ranch, a lew
miles south of town, Monday morning.
W. W. White, a county charge, is stop
ping at Mrs. Mason's. He is old and
feeble, and in a tit of despondency made
an attempt to rake his own life by swal
lowing a dose of strychnine.
The Mason family are early risers, and
about 5 o'clock Monday morning they
heard strange noises coming from the old
man's room. An investigation revealed
that White was in preat agony, and every
indication pointed to a ca^eof poisoning.
A physician was called and relief admin
istered. As soon asWhtc could make
himself understood he confessed to hav
ing taken poison, and also to bavin : at
tempted to poison the whole family by
putting strychnine into the well and
water pail. He said that he had put poi
son into the water trough to kill tha stock.
He wanted them all to go together.
White is partially insane. When in his
normal condition he does not appear to
have a vicious disposition, but lately he
has suffered fits of mental despondency.
AliliESTKlt AT VAI.LEJO.
San Itttfnrl Offlcrr Apprehend* a Man
(,''<?» <•»/ for A./wautt.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Jan. 27.— Officer
John Maher of Tiburon to-day brought in
a young man named John Morgan, whom
he arrested in Valiejo on Tuesday on a
warrant charging him with assault and at
tempt at robbery. Constable Maher i 3
something of a detective, and has done a
sood deal of qu : et work in this case. The
crime charged was committed on election
night, when A. B. Thomson, the leading
dry-sroods merchant of this city, was
knocked down with a slungshot on the
main street about 7 o'clock in the evening.
He was badly beaten, but his cries scared
away the assailants, who secured no
booty.
Morgan is a barber, who has worked
here the past year. an(l was formerly in
Oakland and San Francisco. He was ar
rested here once for disturbing a religious
service and paid a fine. Whon he left his
employers' service several razors disap
peared. Morgan will be examined nezt
Monday.
It'nisonrill* l>.itmt:jr- Suit.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal, Jan. 27.— The
suit of James Struve vs. the Western B-et
Sugar Company o: Watsonville is on trial
before Judge L. F. Smith, in the Superior
Court. The suit i 3 for damages of $15,000,
the present hearing bein^ on an applica
tion for an injunction to restrain the de
fendant from further depositing on its
own land the pulp from th" factory. The
contention of the plaintiff is that this
matter seeps through the parth and
spreads beneath the surface of the earth
on land belonging to himself. From this
seepage, it is claimed, a stench arises,
that is annoying, unhealthful and in
jurious. The deiendant denies ihis as
sertion and avers that the plaintiff has by
long acquiescence in the acts of the de
fendant, lost any right he might have
had to complain. The case has been on
the calendar for a year. The attorneys
are Samuel M. Shortridge of Delm&s &
Shortridge, San Francisco, and for the de
fense George P. Burke aad Charles 31.
Cassin for the plaintiff.
Monterey Favort County Division.
MONTEREY, Cal., Jan. 27.— The sub
ject of dividing Monterey County, which
was broached some time ago and had
quieted down, is being again agitated arid
on a very firm basis. It is believed tnat
the combined efforts of this city and Pa
cific Grove, together with the residents
down the coast, will eventually result in
this county being divided. It 19 proposed
to form a new county out of the present
Fifth Supervisorial District. At a mass
meeting held here a few nights ago the
advocates of the project showed by facts
and fizures thai By the consolidation of
some of the county officers the govern
ment of the county could be carried on
with less taxation tuan is now beins; paid.
Monterey would be the county seat and
old Colton Hall is to be repaired and used
for a Courthouse.
Modesto Damage Suit.
MODESTO, Cal., Jan. 27.-6uit was filed
here to-day for $100. 0' JO damages from the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company. The
plain liffs are Mrs. Harriet N. Jones and
her children, C. L Jones, A. S. Jones and
Elsie J. Jonrs. Action grows «ut of the
killing of J. H. Jones on January 1, 1896,
by a train at Newman. The Sunset lim
ited passed through Newman at top speed
without stopping. About 2 o'clock in the
morning Jones was cross.' ng the track and
being deaf did not hear the approaching
engine. The locomotive struck him and
he was thrown over forty feet. Nearly
every bone in his body was broken.
Columbia tinhermr-n Mat/ Strike.
PORTLAND, Ob., Jan. 27.— The success
of the Alaska canners' combine has led
Columbia River canners to agitate the
scheme of a tinner organization than they
now enjoy. The only obstacle is the
Fishermen's Union, which is one of the
strongest organizations of its kind in
existence. As a result of last season's
strike the canners lost heavily. They
claim they will give only 4% cents a
pound the coming season, while the fisher
men demand 5 cent*. The probabilities
are that there will be another great strike
unless the canners give in.
-Vnniiiini at a Banquet.
CARSON. Cat,., Jan. 27.— One hundred
and fifty guests attended a banquet ten
dered this evening by Senator John P.
Jones to members of the Legislature and
Iriends. The affair lasted into the morn
ing.
Aew ntt'ilrtitn. Boy a Killed.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., Jan. 27—
Two sons of M. J. Morris, a prominent
farmer of this county, were killed on
Sunday by the top of a dead tree falling
upon them. Tney were aged 14 and 10.
Smallpox at Victoria.
TACOMA, Cal.. Jan. 27.— Chinese fire
man 1 on the steamer Tacoma, in quaran
tine at Albert Head, Victoria, B. C, died
of smallpox yesterday.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1897.
THE BISHOP SAYS
BOVARD IS RIGHT
Montgomery on the Tax
ing of Educational
Institutions.
The State Sffould at Least Re
frain From Taxing Pri
vate Schools.
Cla nu Government Excluded From
Is Prerogatives That of Teach
ing Religion.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Jan. 27.— Bishop
Montgomery contributes the following to
the discussion of the question of taxing
educational institutions in California,
which has been brought to public notice
anew by President Jordan of Stanford
University, Rev. B. F. Bovard of the M.
E. Church and others, through the col
umns of The Call. The prelate said:
I think Dr. Bovard is quite right. Presi
dent Jordan spoke simply for the Stanford
University, and Dr. Bovatd merely shows that
ail arguments used by the president are, on
every couit, far more telllug In favor of the
private schools and other institutions where
religion is taught.
For the most part private schools owe their
existence to a desire on tne part of certain pa
rents that religious training go hand in hand
with secular leaching, wnilst religious In
stuction is uot made an essential part of uni
versity training. Many, in fact most, of the
private schools and churches have been built
and are sustained, taxes included, with the
hard earnings of the poor p.nd middle classes.
It may be that the people have not yet
weighed sufficiently the arguments advanced
by Dr. Bovard, but they will come to adopt
them yet. *
The proposition is a very pimple one, it
seems to me. It is this: The Government is
nou-sectarian. It has no religion, and can
teach none as such, yet it depends upon re
ligion for its very life. Dr. Bovard might
have coutinued to quote from Washington in
these words: "Where is the security for life,
for property, for reputation, If the sense of re
ligious obligations deserts the oaths which
are the instruments of investigation in courts
of justice?"
The declaration of independence simply pro
claimed that we are by nature entitled to life,
liberty and the pursuit of happiness, and the
revolution was waged to make good that
declaration.
The constitution was formed to secure us
the fruit of tne revolution. And here is Wash
ington declaring that it can't do such thing
unless religion comes in as auxiliary. But the
Government wisely excluded from its preroga
tives that of teaching religion. Since, there
fore, it has committed itsulf to a non-reli
gious system it yet depends upon religions for
its own successful operation. What ought it
in common sense to do? At least favor the
private enterp ise of those who can and will
teach religion. How shall it favor and en
courage these pr vate enterprises? Why, at
least, by refraining irom taxing them.
1 his would seem a very cheap way of retting
that which is essential to its life, aud which
Washington tacily confesses it can get in no
other way. Oh, yes, I not only indorse Dr.
Bovard's views, bull am very glad to see that
a change of heart is coming over his denomi
nation, for, if I mistake not, his particular de
nomination worked hard to have that very
clause, taxing everything in sight, inserted in
our constitution.
NEW DANGER TO ORANGE-GROWERS
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce Mem
orializes the Government Against
Mexican Fruit and a Worm.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 27.— The
orange-growers of California are threat
ened witn a calamity 10 which the peat of
the red and the while scale cannot be
compared in destruction.
The Federal Government was asked this
afternoon by the board of directors of the
Chamber of Commerce of this city to pro
hibit all importations of fruit from Mex
ico, on account of the danger of bringing
into California the Mexican orange worm
known to science as the Tryeta ludens.
The Horticultural Commissioners of Riv
erside have brought the pending danger to
the attention of the chamber in an ex
haustive report. From this it was learned
that the ludens is deposited in the orange
by the fly and the insect passes the larvae
and pupa stage in the fruit, emerging there
from a developed fly. The worms are said
to be disgusting creatures and make the
fruit offensive and useless.
It is pointed out that the chief danger
of infecting the groves of California is
through using fan tears that have been
employed in the Mexican orange trade.
The report states that most of that traffic
is bandied with the same cars that are
used by the growers of this State.
The only safety is in securing from the
Federal Government a prohibition of all
importations of fruit from Mexico, as long
as the ludens exist in that country. To
secure this measure all possible efforts
will be made.
The ravages of the white scale, which
threatened at one time to wipe out the
orange-groves of this part o- the State,
were as nothing compared to the. possible
damage the ludens would cause if it is
allowed to gain a firm foothold. As it is
shippers cannot be too careful in their use
of cars that may have b»en employed in
traffic from Mexico. These, while being
cleaned at packing-houses, are very liable
to distribute the germs of the ludeus
among the finest orchards.
BARIUCLMA \ WILL 11 A Mi .
found Guilty of the Cowardly Murder
of Hit Wife.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 27.— J. Bar
thelman, who killed his wife last Dccc m
ber, was last evening found guilty of
murder in the first degree. His defense
had been insanity. The jury was out only
a haif hour, and returned the verdict
without fixing any penalty, which makes
the death sentence obligatory. If the
penalty is carried out, be will be the first
man hanged in this county In many
years.
Barthelman's murder of his wife wai
particularly brutal. He sent her a note
asking her to meet him, and when she
appeared he, after few words, fired three
bullets into her, one after she had fallen.
A desperate attempt was made to save
the prisoner by the insanity plea, but to
no avail.
Lou . Angela* Defaulter Located.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 27.— W. W.
Everett, the clerk of the Police Court, wbo
fled a lew weeks ago, deserting his family
and leaving a shortage of $3000 due the
city, has bean located at the. City of
Mexico. Steps are being taken to secure
extradition papers to bring him back.
Big Contract for a Lot Angele* Stan.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 27.— C. C.
Merrill, formerly of this city\ has secured
a franchise for tne construction of a fewer
system in the City of Mexico. The
amount of the contract is said to be in the
neighborhood of $3,000,000. Tne system,
is to extend sixty miies irom the city. .
J'tjlhinn* Bury a Comradti.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Jan. 27.— The
funeral of Past Grand Chancellor George
W. Watson of the Knights of Pythias of
Arkansas took place yesterday afternoon.
The Knights of Pythias attended in a
body. A detachment of the Uniformed
Rank acted as escort.
OREGON CONVICTS FOILED.
Walla Walla Penitentiary Officers Discover
a Tunnel Excavated by Three
Prisoners.
WALLA WAL.LA, Wash., Jan. 27.—Par
ticulars of an attempt to escape from the
penitentiary were brought to this city
early this morning. Three convicts —
Leonard Harrison, Matthew Casey and
Louis Stemster, an Indian— were caught
while trying* to gain their freedom. Since
January 5 Casey has occupied a room in
the hospital, being ill. He had sawed a
hole in the hYor, making it large enough
to admit a man's body. The Indian had
crawled through and commenced exca
vating to get under the wall live leet be
low the surface. After reaching the base
of the foundation he commenced to tun
nel in the direction of the outer wall,
sixty-four feet distant. The dirt taken
out was thrown iuto a cavity under the ad
joining room. (
He had succeeded in tunneling forty feet
when discovered. A short-hancued shovel
was found in the tunnel, and a tramcar
improvised from jute, with long strings
attached, was used to carry the dirt awsy.
Harrison, who had also been in the hos
pital for three months, did janitor work,
and had the freeuom of tne yard. It was
Harrison's actions that caused the Deputy
Warden to suspect that something"TFas
wron«. He was frequently sent on er
rands to the laundry, but never neglected
an opportunity to pick up a piece of
string. After being watched for three
days he was followed last night about
midnight, and the hole in the floor of
Casey's room and the excavation below
were discovered.
Stepped by Portland Police.
rOPvTLAND, Ob., Jan. 27. — A beef
slaughtering contest, which was to have
come off last nigbt in the exposition
building, was stopped by the Chief of Po
lice. Tlie principal participants in this
elevating exhibition were Frank French
of this city, Thomas O'Leary of San Fran
cisco and Henry Winh of Montana. For
the past week the dead walls were covered
with posters announcing the event, but
two'days ago the Humane Society, the
Wornans Christian Temperance Union
and sira lar organizations tiled protests
against the "entertainment," resulting in
police interference.
Tne sporting fraternity is greatly in
censed at this, as a large amount of money
was to have cnanged hands.
To Fete Marl/a ville's Guett:
MARYfeVILLE, Cal., Jan. 27.— The
local court of Foresters d America haa
appointed a committee of twenty-six to
make arrangements for the Grand Court,
which convenes here May 4 next. It is
expected that over 200 delegates will at
tend and $25U0 will be raised for their en
tertainment. Already business men are
sub>c:ibing liberally. The first night will
be given to a musical and literary enier
t'l.iiniein with local talent at the theater.
On the second night there will be a dance
in honor of the deleeaies and on the third
a banquet will^robabiy bo given. Marys
viiie win oe handsomely decorated. A
committee will ornament the streets and
the merchants their stores.
Ttvo Firea at Petalutna.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. 27.— The liveli
est blaze Petaluma has experienced for
some time last evening destroyed a por
tion of Cavanagh's luraber-yara, burning
about 200,000 feet ot lumber, besides fif
teen tons of hay and some straw. The fire
department responded quickly, and bo
prevented a more disastrous conflagration
among the several lumber-yards and ware
houses in the vicinity. Just alter this
blaze the D-street bridge was discovered
to be on fire. Tuere appears no doubt but
thai both fires were incendiary, and two
young hoodiums are suspected. The
bridge was only slightly damaged. Cava
naph's los 3on the lumber-yard is about
$4000, with no insurance.
llaker*fl*ld Aete-pnper Change.
Bi.&EKSFIELD, Cal., Jan. 27.— The
Daily Californian, the oldest paper of the
Southern San Joaquin Valley, came out
this evening under the proprietorship of
Alfred Harrell, having been sold to him
by G. P. Weeks, who has bought the Ala
meda Encinal. The Californian was
established forty-one years ago in the
mountain town of Haviiah, at. that time
the county seat. It was then a straight
out Democratic paper. For many years
it has been the leading Republican paper
of this section, but now goes back to its
first love as a Democratic journal.
Prize I- if/ht at bacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 27. — The
glove contest last evening at the Theatre
Comique in this city between James
Morrisey and James Fiynn resulted in a
Victory for the latter in the middle of the
second round. From the start the fight
was a hot one, Flynn scoring two clean
knock-downs in the first round to
Morri.*ey's one, and the call of time alone
saved Morriaey, who was dazed from the
effects of a terrific right swing which landed
on his jaw. He was never in it with his
opponent, who hammered him at will.
The result waa a surprise to many, al
though but little money was bet.
Murder Rear Cheteo.
GRANT PASS, Ob., Jan. 27.— A dispute
over a dog-lieht in the mountains twenty
live miles north of Cbetco resulted in the
death recently of D. Hartinan, an expert
miner from Cleveland and New York.
Particulars are very meager, but it seems
that without any provocation other than
a disagreement a man named Jonas seized
a Winchester rifle and deliberately mur
dered Ilartraan. The latter's body is be
ing embalmed for shipment East. The
murderer is at large.
brw Jersey Colony for California.
MONTEREY, Cal., Jan. 27.— Ephriam
Deinard, editor of the Nationalist Patriot
and Zion of Kearny, N. J., is at Mon
terey. Mr. Deinard comes to California
in the interest of 150 families who wish
io settle on Government land in this
State. While here he will look over the
land down the coast south of Monterey.
He says if a suitable location can be
iound that tne colony will move out here
in the early spring and open up the land
adjacent to this city.
Otympia JSonk <.to*e» lit Doors.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 27.— The First
National Bank ot Olympia closed its doors
yesterday. Its liabilities are $100,000 aud
assets $230,001). It is claimed the c<tuse
of the suspension was the withdrawal of
$30,000 State iunds, which alarmed small
depositors, who then also withdrew tneir
money. Officials say they will be able to
pay depositors in full.
Santa Cruz Conrention.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., ' Jan. 27.— The
Ladies' Home Missionary societies of ihe
Central Association of Baptist churches
of California will hold their annual ses
sion at the First Baptist Church in this
city, beginning Friday morning. Dele
gates will be pres?nt from every church
in the central district
Fatal full at Itivtmdr.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Jan. 27.— H. V.
Chevalier died yesterday from the effects
of a fall from a ladder. His injuries were
not at first believed serious.
STAGGERED BACK
AND FELL DYING
Tragic Suicide of Attorney
Charles F. Wilcox of
San Jose.
Carbolic Acid, Lest Fortune and
Poor Health Were the
Causes.
Career of a Prominent Man Who
Lived in Santa Clara County
Nearly All His Lif>.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., Jan. 27.— Charles F.
Wilcox, a prominent attorney of this city,
committed suicide In his office in the Safe
Deposit building, corner of First and
Santa Clara streets, at 1:15 o'clock this
afternoon.
He took a large dose of carbolic acid.
After taking the poison he entered an ad
joining room where his brother, Harry E.
Wilcox, and Miss Dorsey, a typewriter,
were and said :
"Harry, I've taken carbolic acid."
He then staggered back into his office
and seated himself in the chair at his
desk, where he expired in about ten min
utes.
An alarm wa< given and several occu
pants of the building entered the room.
Dr. Seifert was telephoned for and every
thing possible done for the suffering man,
Charles F. Wilcox, the San Jose
Suicide*
but without avail. Tne tio«e taken was
about four ounces. On a shelf in the room
was an eight-ounce bottle about half full
of carbolic acid. •
For i he past two years Mr. Wilcox has
been in ill health and at times was moody
and morose. He also suffered great finan
cial losses, and ihe-e matters preyed upon
his mind until it became weakened.
About ten years ago Mr. VVilcox's father
died, leaving him about $75,000. This
money was not well invested and he lost
it all. He hegan the erection of a mag
nificent residence in Alaroeda, but before
it was finished financial difficulties over
took him and it was turned over to
creditors.
Two weeks a o Mr. Wilcox disappeared
from his home, and at that time it was
thought he had wandered off and killed
nimself. A few days later tie was discov
ered in San Francisco and appeared to be
in a half-dazed condition. He would give
no explanation as to the cause of the trip
other than that tie wanted to rest. It is
said that this forenoon he vi-ited Oak
Hill Cemetery and wandered among the
graves.
Mr. Wiluox arrived at his office shortly
after noon to-day and busied nimself with
some papers, among which was a nolo
grapbic will of bis own.
Charles F. Wilcox was a native of Joliet,
111., and 45 years of ag«. He haa resided
in this county since boyhood. He was a
graduate of Santa Clai a College. At one
t me he was very prominent in social
affairs". About twenty years ago he mar
ried Mi«s Fiances L. Cahill, who survives
him. There are eight children.
The deceased's life was insured for $7500.
By the will he executed a few book ac
counts were left to Mrs. Wilcox.
Mr. Wilcox had been engaged in the
practice of law in this city for about
twenty years. He was the attorney for
the Commercial and Savings Bank, the
Safe Deposit Bank of Savings and the
Commercial Bank of Los Gatos. He also
had the management and settlement of
many large estates.
This afternoon the remains were re
moved to the family residence on South
Second street. An inquest will be held
to-morrow morning.
BAy JOSE JtAXK STTIT.
Court Holds the Statute of limitations
7>o«* Ao( Go in This Cat*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 27.— H. Wads
worth was to-day given judgment for
$199 50 against Uriah "Wool, a stock
holder of the defunct Pacific Bank of San
Francisco, as the share of his liability in
a claim of $9410 27 held by the Bank of
Mendocino.
At the time of the failure of the Pacific
Bank in 1893 the Mendocino Bank had
$9410 27 on deposit at the Pacific Bank.
Wood held 212 shares of the bank stock,
and the Mendacino Bank, through Wads
worth, began suit against Wood for his
share of the liability. The case was orig
inally brought in the Justice Court, where
Justice Dwyer gave judgment for the
plaintiff. The decision to-day was on an
appeal."
Judge Hyland in rendering his decis
ion held that the defense of statute of lim
itations by the defendant never operated
as against a stockholder of a bank.
San Jo»e Mortgage Foreclosure.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 27.— A decree of
foreclosure was granted this morning by
Judge Lorigan in the suit of tbs Ban Jose
Safe Deposit Bank of Savings against Ed
ward W. Clayton, administrator of the
estate of D. J. Murphy, deceased, to satisfy
three mortgages aggregating $13,486, with
$2000 interest and $64 paid .as taxes. The
property consists of three tracts of land
constituting the More I and farm on the
road between MUpitas and Alviso and
containing an aggregate of 400 acres. D.
M. Buroett was appointed commissioner
to sell the property, wim his bond fixed
at $5000.
A Fruit-Grown' Meeting.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 27.— Notice has
been given of a meeting of stockholders
of the East Side Fruit-Growers' Union, to
be held on April 3, to consider a prooosi
tion to red no-i the capital stock of the cor
poration from $100,000 to $30,000.
The "ifhai« Killer" Warn Killed.
MONTEREY, Cal., Jan. 27.— The Mon
terey Whaling Company succeeded in
capturing a "whale killer" . yesterday.
Captain A. Silveria of No. 2 crew was
chasing a humpback when they discov
ered a large monster chasing the whale
He harpooned it and finally killed it
The killer is nearly thirty feet in length
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
and has forty-t^o teeth, all fully four
fnches long Thee fish are very rare
here this being the first one killed in
twelve years The oil hi more valuable
than while oil, being used on fine ma
chinery.
IHE PHIZt-FiQliT BILL.
A *e*t Vote' at Canon Show It Will Be
I'nmed.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 27.-Prospect ß are
the bill legalizing prize-fighting will paw*
but there can be nothing definite until to
morrow. The test vote on referring the bill
to-day showed that its adherents had
enough votes to carry the measure. _ .
. Already Chicago sporting men are tele
graphing for accommodations.
Jnn*m formally tie-elected.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 27.— The Senate
and Assembly, in joint session this after
noon, formally elected United States
Senator John P. Jones to succeed himself.
Xevada City Board of Trad*.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., Jan. 27. — A
board of trade was organized here last
night, to act as an improvement club and
take an active part in municipal affairs.
T'irn at A'evtitla City.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., Jan, 27.— The
hoisting work 3on the Durbee mine, with
the adjoining buildings, were destroyed
by fire this afternoon.
AMERICAN SBIITIMG.
Its Restoration I*iscu*.ied at the Manu
facturer*' Contention.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 27.—
convention of the National Association of
Manufacturers was late again this morn
ing in assembling for the day's session,
and it was after 11 o'clock beforo Presi
dent Search called the convention to
order. The first subject was the discus
sion of President Search's report. On
that part of the report under the head
"The Restoration of American Shipping,"
A. It. Smith of New York challenged the
statement that the decline of our shipping
is due to the protection of our other in
dustries at the expense of our shipping
trade. Mr. Smith contended that, the
protective tariff imposed on imports has
turned the attention of the people to the
development of our internal affairs to the
neglect of the extension of our shipping
interests.
Mr. Smith's exception led to quite a dis
cussion; his views were sustained and en
larged upon by other members.
A resolution was introduced that Presi
dent S arch appoint a special committee
to consider anil report upon the best way
to restore the American flag on the high
sens. The resolution w:;s adopted.
Quite a discussion followed a proposition
to change the reading of the president's
report, but the opposition was so pro
nounced tbatth" motion was withdrawn
SUICIDE BEFORE POVERTY.
Abigail K. Perrlne Ends Her Life in
the Lay— She Was De
spondent.
Abigail E. Perrine of 1212 West street,
Oakland, committed suicide early on Tues
day morning by jumping in the bay off
the Clay-street wharf. Her body was re
covered by two of the sweepers employed
by the Harbor Commissioners.
About 12 o'clock Monday night the
woman was noticed by the engineer of the
tug Willie. She was standing near the
float of the Clay-street wharf and was act
ing in a peculiar way. That was about
the last seen of thf> woman alive. When
the steamer Dauntless arrived from Stock
ton at 8 o'clock yesterday morninp the
action of her wheel caused the body of the
woman to rise :rom the water.
George H. Armes and C. M. Armes of
West Oakland called at the Morgue yes
terday and identified the body as that of
Abigail E. Perrine, who was housekeeper
for her brother at 1212 West street, Oak
land.
It was learned that the woman was de
spondent because her brother was out of
employment, and had often threatened
suicide.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 26.— Miss Abigail
E. Perrine was a highly respected and
devout member of the First Baptist
Church of this city. She left home yes
terday about 2:30 o'clock and went to
the City, where she was met at the ferry by
George H. Armes, a neighbor and old
time friend. He asked her what she was
doing in San Francisco at that hour of
the day.
"I have important business," she said,
and passed on without stopping.
Deceased was one of turee maiden sis
ters, the others being Miss Frances and
Miss Susan, engaged in the dressmaking
business. They have been residents of
the city for twenty-five years or more.
About ten years ago tieir only brother,
then living in Kansas, lost his wife, leav
ing a family of three boys and two girls,
the youngest a baby two weeks old. The
sisters decided to rear the children aiid
Aliss Abbie went after them. Since then
they cared for these children and gave
them a good education.
About six years ago the oldest boy went
north with Harold Bolce and settled in
Spokane, where he now lives. The
youngest boy died of consumption last
December. Misa Perrine worried over him
a great deal and the friends of the family
fear that she temporarily lost ncr reason
and dnring that time took her life.
The Rev. Charles H. Hobart, pastor of
the church, was aware that she was in
mental trouble. "She came to me as her
pastor," said he to-day, "and said she had
been worried a great deal of late over
Leon's illness. She was a beautiful char
acter, and if she had bean in her right
mind self-destruction would have been the
farthest from her mind. She was retiring
in her disposition, but a most devout
Christian, and lam confident she took her
life in a fit of temporary insanity."
HEFNING KOSTEB'S WILL.
Valuable Estate Bequeathed to the
Family of the • estator.
The will of Henning Koster, who died
in Markoldtndorf, amt Einbeck, Han
ov«r, Germany, on the 11th oflast August,
has been filed foj^probate. Property in
this City belonging to the estate is valued
at $43,000. The entire estate is bequeathed
to the family of the deceased.
Tne manner in which wills are executed
in Germany is illustrated by the trans*
lated copy presented yesterday. The in
troductory paragraph reads as follows:
Done in County Court, EinbecK 11, on the
sth of February, 1890. at theresidence of
Capitalist Henning Hotter, in Marltoldeu
dorf. Present, County JudseWahrenburg.
at the request of the capitalist, Henning
Koßter of Markoldendort.
The judge heretofore mentioned had gone to
his (Henning Koster's) residence for the pur
pose of taking down his last will. The said
Capitalist Koster was found in his residence
The same said that, by reason of his illness by
gout, lie had begged the court to call on him
for the purpose of taking a last will. After the
court had convinced itself by means of investi
gation that tne said capitalist, Henning
Koster, was in full possession of his mental
faculties, the same gave and caused to be
written down the following testamentary
dispositions.
A certificate is added showing that th©
wi.l was properly deposited with the public
court, and that after the death of the
testator it was produced and the seal was
broken in the -presence of the widow
Because two attesting witnesses are rel
quired to a will which is to be submitted
for probate in California that formality
was complied with, although such a course
was not necessary under the laws of
Germany.
The estate outside of San Francisco is
said to amount to $500,000.
Statistics obow that out of the 5,000,000
inhabitants of London more than 300 000
iamilies earn less tnan 3s. a day.
TAKES CHARGE OF
STANFORD'S MEN
Trainer King Will Prepare
Athletes for Track
Contests.
Ii Himself the Holder of Sev
eral Records Made en the
Cinder Path.
Confiient That the Palo Alto Team
Will Win the literco'legiate
Match.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Gal., Jan.
27.— From now on track athletics will
boom at Stanford. J. F. Kjnp, the well
known coach, took charge of the men yes
terday. When questioned as to his method
of training, he said that he would first
try the men to se» for what events each
was bsst fitted. These trials will take in
about a week. After that the training
would, he said, be^more systematic. Bis
long experience in developing men led
him to believ* that best results could be
obtained by specialization. For this
reason he would not require much sym
nasium work, although some would be
prescribed to harden the men.
King believes Stanford's prospects this
year are very promising. He has kept
close watch of Stanford's steady improve
ment in field events and is doubly inter
ested, as several of his former pupils are
wearers of the cardinal. Dare Brown,
Stanford's wall-known mile runner and
present manager of the team, will assist in
training the men. He suggested several
slight changes in regard to the track cal
culated to improve the work of the ath
letes. These changes will be attended to.
J. F. King holds several athletic records
hims"lf. He has run the 100-yard dash in
:09 4-5, and In the high jump has oleared
6 feet 3 inches. He established tne world's
record in the old Caledonian event— the
hop, step and jump. He has trained the
Omaha Athletic Ciub track team and the
Olympic Club of San Francisco, and for
the past six years has acted as physical
director of the Multnomah Club of Port
land.
The track men expect H. P. Cross, who
coached the Stanford lootball men this
year, to visit them occasionally. He is at
present residing in San Francisco.
Death Striken in It'retno.
FRESNO, Cat,., Jan. 27.— Charles Dolon,
a railroad capitalist from Chicago, died
yesterday morning at th Hughes Hotel.
He was visiting California on a pleasure
trip, accompanied by bis wife, and while
pasting through Fresno on a train a few
days ago was stricKen by paralyss. He
w?s 48 years of age and a native of Massa
chusetts. The body will be shipped East
for interment.
HEAD ON FIRE
■ No one can think of a more serious calamity
no one can realize its true tearfulness— the
hair of a. man burning. Very few men hare
ever experienced this, yet it is not much
worse than the silent, steady declining force*,
in man. YOUNG MAN, if you are troubled
with vital losses; if you are troubled with ex-
hausting complaints, pimples, baahfulness,
aversion to society, stupidness, despondency,
loss of energy, loss of ambition,' loss of self-
confidence; if you find your manhood slipping
away from you, make an effort— make a
feeble effort— and come to the Hudson Medical
Institute and consult with the doctors who
have created the wondrous "HUDYAN." Tail
"HUDYAN" cure is positive. This Is stated,
knowing there are hundreds and hundreds of
so-called cures. If you will walk with us
through our corresponding department, you
will find on the shelves rows and rows of testi-
monials from suffering, humanity, and these
letters come from all parts of tne United
States. From the little hamlets and big town*
and large cities, from New York, from Chi- j
cago, from Petaluma, these testimonials tell a
grand tale. They tell a tale of relief and cur*
of men who deemed themselves incurable.)
"HUDYAN" cures impotency, falling man-
hood, nervous debility, lost manhood. Con-
sult the Hudson doctors concerning "HUD-
dAN." or if you live away from, the city write'
for CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS. .
Qfl-nAV fill RE Just think of **• la
OU UHI bUnt, 30 days you may ba
Oft fiAV MIDC Cured o{ blood poison,'
30-DAY CURE. evenif iu *ia aster,
•tiary. state. Success
Rfl-RAYCIIRF b " been had fr «
OU UHI UUIIU. quently in the first
Of! PIIDC BUge « in the secondary
OU'UAI UUnt. «t«ge and in the ter-
--__„_„_.. tiary stage. After this
30-D 5 Y CU R perlod tho 3o - daT cure
OU ilk I UUIICs is inoperative. It will
on ivy fiioc dono good. Locobov
OU*U ,\ i U(JII ti tar attxia follows. «
30" DAY CURE iT *<** A a blood -pouon
' "' uullt> disorder you i>ad bet-
-30-DAY CURE: ter consult the Hudson
OlrUAl UUnt. doctors, or write for
QnniVnilDC their 30-day oure cl
00-DAYCURE. <""*
Hudson Medical Institute,
• Stockton, Market and Kills St..
HUDSON DOCTORS GIVE ADVICE FREE
HUDSON DOCTORS BiVE ADVICE FREE
HUDSON DOCTORS 61VE ADVICE FREE
COSMOPOXjIT A.IV. :
Opposite U. 8. Mint. 100 and 103 Fifth St., H**.,
Francisco, Cai. -The most select fanulr hotel la
tta* city. Board and room fl,*l 25 and SI 50 mc
day according to room. - Meals 24a Room* Me
and 760 a day. Frea coach to and from th« aoc«i.
Look for the coacJi bearing the aaae « ike Oas>
•twUUa 41SM4. WM. «*▲&*¥• f|OMtM»
■■■■■■ --...■ - . ■ -GREATEST RACING
OF THE SEASON
Immense Crowd at Ingle
side to See the Distance
Events Run.
Seven Long Races That Kept
the Crowd in a State ot
Excitement.
David Let the Crowd Down Hard by
Finishing Second in the Handicap.
Four Favonhs Were First
It takes more than a drizzling dowD
pour of rain to dull toe appetite of a
California race-going public Sucu a lact
would a critic arrive at if be were to see
the crowd pouring in through the gates of
lngleside irack yesterday, which, by the ;
way, was ''lauies' day."
There was an apparent look of relief de
picted on everybody's face that one day
was to pass without hall a dozen tiresome I
sprint dashes to be run off. The different |
events were all well contested, with a dash j
and vigor that imbued in them the real I
jwang of sport, and a repetition of the j
JpT-.r.'g.-amme is earnest y hoped for.
1 ; course mud is always a strong factor in
Foiling form players, butthe track was
hardly in a slushy enough condition to
interfere with the running, and the favor- i
niis met with more than ordinary success, j
four out of the seven choices sent to the
post returning with the coin.
The defeat of Pavid in the mile handi- j
cap was one of the hardest raps tht- talent |
received during the afternoon. He won j
on tiie day preceding with such consum
mate ease, that with 104 pounds in the
saddle and ;i strongly deve.oped penchant
for soft pomp, the chestnut horse was con
sidere : wet< nigh invincible.
T. McHugh had the leg up, and his
mount ■rtii* backed from twos down to 3 to I
2. Caspar, with 99 pounds up, ridden by i
Jones, led the lust choice from the time
the barrier was raised ;nd headed him
i per the finishing line by a length and a
half in 1 :4" J. Schiller showed speed in me
szetch. ending up a fair third.
Though devoid of much class the open
ing mue run, with a tield of -eleven start- |
ing, ;urnished a good betting proposition.
Will Wallace's o.d horse, Manchester, rid
den by Charley Thorpe, was made favor
ite in the betting, but cut a very sorry
figure in the real running. La q t Chance,
a 5 to 1 shot, took the lead when half the
distance had been covered, and at ihe end
won easily by a couple of lengthi from
Japonica, a 30 to 1 ontsider.
The brown uorse Benamela had a very
enjoyable trip of it in the mile and a six
teenth event, decided under selling condi
tions tnat followed. With Willie Martin
up he went to the post a 9 to 10 choice and
Birupiy wallowed in ahead of Semper Lex.
Flashlight had a world of speed up to
within a furlong of the stand wh -re he be
gan tiring, eventually taKing the short
end of the purSe.
Th-e hurdle handicap, over a mile and a
furlong, saw another lavorite earn brack
ets, although by the narrowest of margins.
Andy Blakeiey's jumper, Mr. Reel, looked
to have all the best of the weights with
128 pound- up and was rightfully made an
even money chance. Cairns, wJjo had the
moujit, came very near waiting too long
and onfy overtaking Tuxedo a few jumps I
'■om the tape eot the decision by a nose.
Governor Budd ran into tne show.
There was some lively speculating over
the mile and a half run with a held of
seven answering the bugle. At po-t call
Doyle ami Morte Fonse vied with one an
other in the betting for favoritism honors,
either being held ai 11 to 5 Thorpe on
Morte Fonse allowed Three Forks and
Judge Denny to cut out ihe pace the first
part of it and then cutting loose in the
stretch, the popular Western rider landed
Tom Griffin's horse the handiest sort of a
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingleside Racetrack. Wednesday. January 27. Forty
second day of the Winter Meeting. 1896-97- Weather Wet. Track Good.
Ac 1 FIi;»T HACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse »350.
Jndex. Horse, age, weight. St.
422 Last Chance, a... 102 2
319 J«|.onica,4 110 1
41-14 Examiner. 5 .102 3
424 Draught, 3 90 7
440 Jack Kicb~lie;:,a.los 4
426 Manchester. 5. 107! 6
440 Jock, 4 105 8
. 411 Imp. Sain, 3 100 6 <
.. 96 Marcel, 6 100 11 i
4*9 Carrie U. 4 100 9 (
270. ! Popinjay. 3 8 i 10 |
St.
3 2
4 h
2h
7Vi
1 h
61
BVi
5 h
I 92
1 10 6
I 11
2 1
72
8 1
3 Vi
1 h
6b
6 Vi
4 h
92
10 3
11 "
1 1
8 2
7 2
3Vi
2 b
5 1
6 Vs
4 Vs
9 2
10 2
11
IVi
BVs
. 7Vs
3h
2 Vi
6 Vi
5 Vis
4Vi
95
10 3
11
12
2 b
3h
4 2
5 V,
6 1
7 1
84
9 10
10 5
11
H. Martin....... 5-2
W. Ma. tin 5
H. Brown | 15
Clawson. 8
Spencer 6
'Tnor,ie 8-5
Beidy ' 15
Burlingame. 9-.'
K. isom 9-2
! Barrlnger 12
iJ. Woods I fcO
Jockey.
netting.
Op. CL
5
30
60
12
10
9-6
100
6
4
16
100
Good start. Won easily. inner, E. F. smith's en. g , by Duke of Norfolk- Vedette. Time, 1:44%.
.a P.O SECOND RACK- One and a sixteenth miles: purse 4400.
I
Index . I Horse, age, weight, j
i I I
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. Std. Vi ! Vi ' % I Str. Fin. Jock°y.
(401) i-eudmela. 4 11l 31 31 32 3Vi 1 8 14 1 ly> W. Mar in
226 Semper Lex, 6.. .. 107 4:5 44 46 32 1310 2U, H. Martin
418 I Flashlight, 5... 11' V_j 1 2Vi 21 12 h 24 2 2 !< 20 slaughter
416 jWra. P!nk.<rton. 493 Bli 12 11 4 10 410 4 4 Thompson
421 Mahogany, 6 104 5,4 b 6 |6 5 5 5 Spencer
Jock.v.
6-5
85
3
15
! 60
I Betting.
Op. CI.
9-10
5
13-5
15
30
Good .start.
Won casil. .
Winner, P. Dunne's br. a, b< Ben
11- Prose. Time, 1:60
a- _>_. THIKD K-Ct- mile;
: purse $500.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
St.
X_
Str. I
! Fin. i
Jockey.
Op.
<
416 Caspar, 8 ..' 991 2
(447).i>i.vid. 5 104 1
418 sch.l.er. 4 103 . 6
4.49 i Ac. Buchanan, 6. 88 3
436 Lincoln .1. 3 89 1 6
436 N'ebuchadne'ar.4. 98 4
12
3 2
6
2h
5 h
45
12
2 1
6
5 h
44
11%
26
„1 %
3 1
6
5 1
1 2
2 5
3 2
410
6
51
1 lVi £• Jones.... i 3
2 4 T. McHugn...;. 2
315 Slaught?r 3
420 cla-Ason 10
: 5 3 Thompson...... j 8
' 0 R. 150 m... ..... 1 12
' 7-2
8-2
. 7-2
10
10
20
Good atari.
Time. 1 :42.
'on handily.
I' lnner,
aterho use's br. c,
Imp. 8.. A:
aXa *'OUKIH KACE—.-
purse $400.
Index. ' Horse, ace, weight. I St. Std.
366 Mr. P.eel.4 128 j 3 31 |
("442) Tuxedo. 6 143 I ill
439 oov. Budd, 4 141 115 2 .
232 Herman, «. 143 2 4Vi - i
.435 America, 5 136 5 11
■214 Cymoor.6 136 6 6
' Horse, ace, weight.
ST. I
V 4
4b
111
53
3 2
6*
i 6
%
3h
lb
2b
4 10
54
% str. Fin. Jockeys. V- i
2 2 2 6 lh Cairns.
HVilVi '2 10 Kinney... ....
310 al5 320 summertleld
4:0 450 4tO Hi.gins
510 510 510 Merritt.
6 6 6 | Allen
1
8
6
6
20
20
1
3
i>
7
25
60
(iooa start.
' ' 2:O6Vi-
Won driving Winner, A. G. Biakeley's cb. g., by Strath more- Madam Heel. Time,
4 c FIFTH BACK— One and a halt
:: purse
. index. Horse, age, weight. j St. Std. V* Vi % s ' r *"ln. Jockey.
365 Morte Fonse, 6.106 161 4Vi3l • 22 13 13 Thorpe ... ~
414 Foremost, 5 88Vi 33 Vi 32 620 620 42 22 Thompson
(429) Doyle, 5...'..... 99 i 766 56 4Vi 4Vi 3 1 3h si fta hter....... ..
354 Judge Denny, 499 2 2Vi 2h 2Vi I*> 2i- *** H. Martin
429 | Little Bob, 6... 95Vi 6 7 7 63 810 68 54 Spencer
419 Three Forks, a. 88 513 13 12 3Vi 6 3 620 C1aw50n.............
- 438 FiFi, 5 «9V_| 441 6 3 7 7 7 7 Keldy
I Betting.
Op. CL
■<• 8 '- .
15
2
5-2
10
8
25
11-5
25
11-6
3
15
' 12
80
Good start. Won easily. Winner, H. T. Griffin's eh. h.. by Fonso-Flyer. Time. 2:
■' ' .' A .Li SIXTH KACE— One mile:
--•• 441 Greyburst 11
. 21 Lonloj 8. ......... 9
.172 -ten.or 109 V
448 Person ne. 11
357 Lady Hurst .'. . .99%
• 445 Tulare ..:.»'
2.4' l.upula :.... 8
Index.
Horse, weight-
«■
6
1
7
2
3
6
4
22
110
6h 4
36
6 4
4Vi
V 4
v.
2 6
16
3=l*
IP
7
j
.84 Btr. Fin. I jockey.
2 8 -1 Vi 13' Thorpe.....
13 2 10 2 15. Thompson......
3 3 35 32 W. Martin
.5 2 '4 10 420 T. Mcnugh.....
42 62- 620 Beidy ..........
6 10 6 3 6 4 elghery
7 7 7 | J.Ward.........
| Betting.
C(p. ci.
6-5
4
2
100
60
20
7-5
7-2
2
10
200
100
.'•■ 60
"-• Bad stun. Won easily.
Time. 1:43%. '
Winner, H. T. Griffin's gr. g., by imp. Martenhtirst-Helen Scratch.
A C^Y SEVENTH KAL,
•-.
. Ipce*.
I Horse, age, weight.
y»
Jockey.
[Op.
Salvation, 6 115
412 Unity,4 105
440 scimitar, 4. 105
436 lltedskin, a 110
432 ;i a voiy, 5. :.;... .05
437 iLoiiC.arencio, 3.. 90
396 |1 lush Ban, a.... t>B
4
1
5
7
a
3
6
11 %
3 1
6 2Vi
7
4 b
11
3 2
5 Vi
2 h
66
7
4 ii
11
ift
6 20
Vi
5 h
7
i B _*
6 Vs
6 10
»Vi
lb
22
BVi
4 Vi
5 Vi
6 60
7 :■■:-■
H. Brown
1. Mcllugh
Thompson......
H. Martin .....
<■_.
10
10
2
*16
4
100
11-5
15
20
9-5
i • 12
4
330
Spencer..;..;...
I Slaughter..
Iciawsui ........
Good start. Won driving. Winner, W. K. Kandall's eh. b, by S-ivator-Chlm era. Time, 1:44.
— M M M M BnWnftn-H TiTlrtlMlir— .inn i iff n— — i ai, —■ ■ — •■mill — 1'm.!!....-!*!! — in— !■■ I if— .b—mii
winner over Foremost The latter horse
was a2sto 1 outsider in the ring. Doyle
was a good third.
Seven three-year-olds next tried con
clusions at a "mile. Griffin's recent pur
chase, Greyhurst, opened a strong b to o
favorite, but such a stiff play went in on
Stentor that the friends of the gruy geld
ing were able to get 8 to 5 for their money.
Loulou X, with r "c.itcb" of ninety-three
pounds, and "Paffle" Thompson in the
saddle, looked dangerous and the mare
was well supported at fmirs. Of the
others Personne was the most fancied.
When the barrier went lip Greyhurst
swerved and was away badly. Stentor
was slow to break and he too got some th*
worst of the break. Thorpe took advant
age of en opening at the fir.-st turn and
saved several loot lengths with the favor
ite Louiou R all this time was sifting
away in front, but Thorpe, with his
mount prauually wore the lead down and
at the wire brought Grayhurst in a handy
winner by thre lengths, in 1:43%. Kten
tor was a bad third.
Tully Coulter's Redskin again disap
pointed his hackers in the final race of the
day over a mile. Opening at 2 to 1, he
was played down to 7 to 5, and later went
back to 9 to 5. Billy Randall sent Salva
tion out for the lirst time at the meeting,
and he remained stationary in the betting
at 11 to 5. The 15 to 1 outsider. Unity,
came near developing the surprise of the
race. With McHu-rh up he ied until past
the paddock, where H. Brown on Salva
tion brought that horse along and nailed
the race by a neck in 1:44- Third place
honors fell to Scimitar.
NOXJiS.
Burlingame, who rode imp. Sain in the
opening event, was fined $10 by the judees
lor unnecessarily yanking his mount
about while at the post.
A fine of $50 was also imposed on Dag
gie Smith, owner of Last Cnance, for vio
lation of the ruie relating to the use of
whips and spurs. The last time tne horse
started at Ingleside, wh eh was on Janu
ary 14, he was ridden without spurs.
Yesterday Martin wore tbese steel per
suaders. "
If the owners of David are looking for
long odds, why McHusrh is a good boy to
put up on the horse. But if it is purses
the horse was brought here to win, Doj;
gett, H. Martin or some of the faster
riders will in the end prove more profit
able.
More money appeared to be circulating
about in the rin ■ than for many days
pa^t. The betting savored strongly of a
holiday crowd.
Tommy Griffin thought well of the
chances of his horse Morfe Fonse and the
ex-jockey's friends all got aboard.
Three Forks ran for the first time yester
j day in the colors of Ed Burns.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, two-year-olds, three-eighths of a mile.
.... Sir William. ...li2 446 Free lady 103
Willie May 109 Morenga
.... Daisy 109 ..../Vida 112
Kosa 109 428 t Queen Mab 102
399 Flacon 109 446 Kummel I<)3
Second race, selling, one mile.
434 Two Cheers 106: 409 Palmerston 104
391BrawScot 99 &>8 Schnitz. 109
432 >an Marco 104 (415)! oube Quick. .104
381 Jack Marlin.... 94 441 Jack KlcneUeu.lo2
443ClissieB 92 1 4:<9 Hazard .... 94
Third race, one and an eighth miles, purse.
340 Bright Phoebus. 107 422 Argentina 98
(45'2)Bt>nam>'la 108 436 scarf Pin 91
(424)ustler Jce 108
Fourth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
Morven 97 371 Zoolein 100
• Hausome 102 360 . iss i oss 93
.166 Fullerton Lass. 104 443 Allahabad 97
421 MikeKice 95 443 Tanjo 97
Fifth race, three-quarters of a mile, sellin?.
444 --port McAllis- i 443 Kowalsky 98
ler 110 291 .-oniro «.1
406 Tempeaiuons... 87; 398 Pat Murphy.... 97
(414)Fiy 10.') i73)<'aliente 100
433 ■-ugar F00t..,.. f3 443 Doubtful 103
460 Potentate 107; 443 Boreas 100
Sixth race, seven-eiglittis of a mile, three-year
olds, purse.
| 4'.>7 Cogent 106 392 Play Boy 97
377 Amelias 100 461 J!raugnt 110
356 Keoekan 105 2i9 Soisun 96
4j7 The Tourist 100 4M Imp. Sain 105
392 Moreno 95 448 Jane Andrews. 95
449 Installatrix a 5
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAY.
Flr»t race— Flacon, Qa*en Slab.
Second race — Hazard, Braw Scot, San
Marco.
Third race— Bright Phoebus, Scarf Pin,
Oitler Joe.
Fourth race— Morven, 1 mijn, Alla
habad.
Fifth race— Fly, Caliente, Sport Mc-
Allister.
Sixth race— Suisun, Ingtallatrix, Mo-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1897.
A FAKE THAT MAY CAUSE BLOODSHED.
The Examiner's Silly Story About the Arrest of See Yups in China May
Have Serious Results — The Chronicle in a Facetious Vein
Dissects the Latest Creelman Yarn.
The Examiner yesterday insisted that the fake story about the action of the Chinese Government at Peking a few hours
after the murder ot "Little Pete" in this city was true. A more palpable fake and a more brazen reiteration have never been
presented by the "monarch of trie fakers."
"Little Fete" was murdered Saturday
night The Examiner said on the Mon
day morning following that at 6 o'clock on
the morning of Sunday "The Chinese
Consul tn this city telegraphed the facts
of the murder to the Minister at Washing
ton," and that "early in the afternoon
word name back that in China eyery im
mediate relative of the local president ana
secretary of the See Yups was under
arrest"
Bearing in mind that at 6a. m. in San
Francisco the time is 9:45 p. M. in Cnina,
the palrable fake at once becomes appar
ent Allowing that it took one hour for
the transmission of the message to the
Chinese Minister at Washington and for
him to get his message under way for
Canton, and another hour to get th/news
to Canton, and it appears plain that it was
then within fifteen minutes of midnight.
The Governor of Canton then bad to
rouse the Emp»ror, who must have heard
the news ai 1 a. m. or thereabouts il there
was no deiay. To get word back to San
Francisco early Sunday afternoon that the
relatives of the See Yup'orficials had all
been arrested was lively work. Roused at
1 a. m. it was necessary for the Emperor to
have all his arresu made and the news made up for transmission to San Francisco by 5:45 the next morning, allowing two
hours' time to get the news through, and estimating 2 p. m. San Francisco time as not too early to fit the description of early in
the afternoon.
Therefore, from 1 A. M. to 5:45 a. m., Pekiug time, the Emperor had to communicate his royal pleasure to the Governor of
Canton, and for the Governor and his satellites to hunt all over Canton with dark lanterns for "all the relatives of the president
and secretary of the See Yups," to cast the people, when found, into dungeons and to close up one of the most remarkable trans
actions ever recorded outside of the pages of the veracious author of the tales of Munchaasen and the fancies of the "Arabian
Nights."
"Away over in China," said the great faker on Monday morning, "that heavy hand has been laid upon the relative* of those
suspected of having a guilty knowledge of the death of 'Little Pete' ; men women and children are already in the dungeons,
wondering why they have been haled from their homes, trembling with the dread and apprehensive of the worst"
They had reason to tremble if there was any truth in the Examiner's yarn, for they were hunted out of bed not earlier than
2 a. M. and "not later than sa. m., Canton time, and to make a thorough search for them all and to have found them all would
have required the services of an army of winking, blinking and yawning officers.
Z^OZZi It is evident to the most casual thinker that there was no need for any such haste, more than there was need for any such
fake story. The people, according to the clocks, must have been ail asleep, and there was no reason to supp6se that premonitory
visions could wake them and send them scurrying into places of biding before morning. They could just as well have been arrested
The Emperor of China Issuing the Warrants for the Arrests.
the next forenoon, when they would have been equally unsuspicious of approaching danger, and it is strange that the absurdity of
the whole proposition did not at once become apparent to the laker, whose glib pen was guided only by the dictates of
imagination, in entire disregard of palpable facts.
"The Emperor of China has reached out to strike," continued the faker; "to punish the innocent in Peking that there may
be peace in the Chinese slums in San Francisco. That is Chinese justice. Whether it will be effective in this far laud is a matter
for the future to say.''
The absurdity of the whole proposition has been already demonstrated. It is not necessary to have the testimony of the
Chinese Consul and Vice-Consui in this City that no message was sent out on the Sunday following the "L'ttle Pete" murder — the
next day; but such denial was promptly made at the Chinese consulate. Indeed, the Chinese consular officers were appalled by
the effrontery of the Examiner fake.
The local Vice-Consul, King Owyang. made the following statement on Monday, the day when the Examiner's fake
appearpd, which ought to be and Is conclusive:
"Not only has no telegram been sent by the Consul-General to our Minister at Washington, but no one connected with
this consulate has told anybody so. In fact, to my certain knowledge 110 reporter of the Examiner was seen yesterday either
by the Consul or myseJf. Ido not care to draw down the censure of any newspaper on myself or the Consul, but am obliged to
correct such glaring misatatements of facts."
The Western Union people made it clear, by conclusive figures, that it would have been impossible for the news to have
gone to China ana for the respones to have been received in San Francisco in the prescribed time, adding corroborative proof of the
falsity of the whole story.
Yesterday the Examiner, with characteristic brazenness, insisted that its story of last Monday morning wastrne in the fol.
lowing words:
"The Call denies the truth of the statement that the relatives of the figbtine SeeYups and SamYups are being incarcerated
in China. It is hardly necessary lor the Examiner to reiterate th 9 statement and add that it is absolutely true. Th c news comes
from thoroughly reliable sources."
However, evidently not resting easy under the accumulating proof of its gigantic and foolish fake, it tried to justify itself
and still further fool the public by asserting that it maintains special correspondents in all parts of the world, spending large
sums for their salaries and expenses.
in the light of the fact:* nbove quoted, tne necessity for having these allege I correspondents does not appear, for nothing
that they could ever send as news could begin to rival the productions of the fiction department which predominates in the edi
torial rooms of the "monarch of the fakers."
Probably nothing "nervier" in the war of a wind-up for a fake has been published than the following:
"Probably there is nothing stranger in all the history of government— this pagan monarch moving to bring peace to a Chris
tian city ten thousand miles away, and far across the seas."
Probably not !
The Chronicle makes merry with the Examiner's fake story and The Call's thorough demonstration that it is a fake. Some
of the Chronicle's ideas are worded as follows:
"In the case of The Call the offense Is very rank. It seems that the Examiner beforo the body of 'Little Pete' had
grown fairly cold had the relatives in China of the local president and secretary of the See Yup clan s ifely lodged in jail. Ac
cording to this veracious chronicle an ex-Consul General of China, whose mortal form is in Cuba, but who-*e astral liody is pre
sumably here, telegraphs the facts of the murder at 6a.m. on Sunday to the Chinese Minister at Washington. The latter at one«
cabled them to Peking. With a promptness hitherto unknown in the official life of Cuina the Governor of Peking or the Viceroy
of Chih-li sent the news to Li Hung Chang and the Tsung-li-Yamen, while the latter, not stopping tor a long breath, carried it to
the throne.
"His Majesty, the brother of the sun and moon, 'pot a hustle on,' as the saying goes, and the resident families of the See Ynp
officials were dragged to the waiting cages, whereupon the Minister at Washington was notified. He in turn wired the astral body
h ere, and the lntter, eiebt hours alter he had sent ihe first message, handed the news to the Examiner. What made the romance
the more remarkable and interesting was the assumption thnt the Chinese Emperor and Ministers had done all their work by
niiiht. The envoy at Washington got his news, if instantly, at 9a. m., Eastern time. At that moment tne clock marked nearly 9
p. m. in Peking. It m-as, say, 10 p. m. when the Governor of Peking was pulled out of bed. A return message to San Francisco
was then due in six hours, which gave the Emperor and his Cabinet until 4 o'clock in the morning to get hold of the See Yup peo-
Dle and make things warm for them."
, LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 27.— The San Francisco Examiner's fake Chinese story of two days ago, having been taken
seriously by the leaders of the warring tongs of this city, has stirred up the belligerents to a state of unprecedented fury and is
likely to be the immediate cause of bloodshed in the Cuinese quarter. The "monarch of the fakers" was being hawked about
Chinatown to-day, and no amount of warning that the story was a mere fake seemed to allay the excitement. It aeems that
the "Heathen Chinese " know nothing about fnke journalism.
The incredulous Mongolians seemed to think thnt what one newspaper did the others copied or Indorsed, and they could
not be' swerved from this conviction and it was learned that, generally speaking, this is the prevailing notion about this latest
at upendous fake in "swift" journalism on the coast.
A Call correspondent visited some oi the most prominent Chinamen in Chinatown this forenoon in order to get their views
upon the subject. The first Ihree visited could "not sabe,'' or at least they claimed they could not, but when approached upon
other matters could un derstand all right, The office of a well-known interpreier was visited.
The correspondent found him busily engaged in reading up the account oi "Little Pete's" killing, as published in the Ex
aminer. In fact, he had copies of all the leading paoers of San Francisco before him. He was asked what effect, if any, the ac
tion of the Emperor woul 1 have in this country as portrayed in the "Monarch." "Bad effect," was the reply. "There will be a
heap more trouble than before."
"Do you anticipate any trouble among your people in Los Angeles?" was asked.
"I'm afraid bo, he answered. "Some bad men have rome here in the last few days. The boycott trouble ia not over, and
'Little Pete' had many friends among the Sam Yups. There was a big meeting last night, but I don't know what was done. It
was the .'•am Yups that held the meeting."
Chief Glass stated that trouble is looked for at any moment in Chinatown, but he is prepared to give the warring factions a
warm reception.
Dial Showing the Difference of Time in the Different Longitudes.
Lt Hung Chang Arresting the See Yups in China.
MAY CAUSE BLOODSHED.
CHINESE MUST
OBEY THE LAW
Chief Crowley's Drastic
Letter to the Consul-
General.
Firecrackers Must Not Be Ex
ploded DuriDg Their New
Year.
All Violators of the Law in This
Respect Will Be Suverely
Punished.
The lawlessness that has existed among
the Chinese in Chinatown* for years past
culminating in the minder <>r Little Pete
has pat Chief Crowley on his mettle and
in the future the Chief intends to compel
the Chinese to abolish the customs of
their own country, which they hare been
permitted to indulge in unmolested.
One of the privileges granted the Chi
nese has been the indiscriminate use of
firecrackers during their New Year festivi
ties. This year that privilege has been
withdrawn and the Chief has notified the
Chinese Consul that the explosion of fire
crackers is prohibited by law and that the
violators will be severely punisned.
The conclusion of the Chief's letter to
the Consul, which was sent yesterday,
conveys a world of meaning to the Chi
nese. The letter is as follows:
Office chief oe Police, )
San Fbancisco. J*n. 27, 1897. i
Hou. Fung Wing Hing, Imperial < hinete Cnn
sul-Ucrural,Bo6Stockton strut, City— Dear Sir:
Will you plt-ase notify your coumryiuen thai
the explosion of firecrackers in this City is
prohibited by law and that the violators wiil
be severely punished?
No permit will be granted to any one this
year to explode firecrackers in this City dur
ing the Ciiine.-e New Year. In connection with
this matter it may be well lor me to state that
hereiofore your countrymen have been treated
with great consideration by the authorities of
this City in matters bearing upon the habits
and customs of their country at or about their
New Year. Recent events have shown that a
very large proportion of the Chinese popula
lation are unworthy of being granted favors
or privileges ol any kind, because they do not
appear to have any respect for our imvs, but
set them at defiance.
When the ire of the American people be
comes aroused in this matter the Chinese will
discover their mistake, and this question will
probably ba settled in a summary way. Re
spectfully, P. ckowley, Chief of Police.
CHINATOWN IS STARTLED.
Rumors of Foui Schemes Frighten
the Mongolians m d Amuse
the Police.
Rumors by the score, some startling and
others truly oriental in their ludicrous
ness, are fleeting litce lightning flashes
through the dark alleys and narrow re
cesses of Chinatown. Last evening Ser
geant Cook was informed that a foul
scheme to assassinate a police officer had
been concocted by the highbinder;.
First the rumor bad it that the Sam
Yups had men posted on the ro< fs over
looking the streets ready to shoot an
officer and blame the killing on the See
Yups. Later the report was reversed, sev
eral Mongolians stating that the See Yups
were the plotters. The police are not in
clined to cieuit the story, but nevertheless
many an officer patrolling his beat
glances aloft much of tener than occasion
stems to require.
About 9 o'clock Chinatown was again
startled by the rumor that Dong Gong, in
terpreter and police informant, had been
shot to death. Later the report simmered
down and rumor had it that the interpre
ter had been shot in the leg. Sergeant
Cook investigated the affair, and found
Dong safe and uninjured in his home,
guarded by a police officer.
The most startling report of all origi
nated in Sullivan alley. Here a number
of Chinamen informed Officer McGavern
and Special Officer Downey that the high
binders were storing arms and ammuni
tion in an underground dungeon near Pa
cific street, preparing to do battle with
the whites in case tbey were molested i i ■
their controversies. But this is looked
upon as a hoax.
LOS ANGELES DEBUTANTE.
Miss Trei Bemynton Makes a Success
at the Tifoli— Clever Work at
the Alcazar. .
Debutantes seem to be the order of the
week at the local theaters. Tbe last to
join the ranks is Miss Yves Remynton,
a Los Angeles girl, who made her first
public appearance on any professional
stage last nigiu in the title role of Wal
lace's "Maritana" at the Tivoli. She has
sun? a good deal at concerts and amateur
performances in the City of the Angels,
but she is quite unknown here, and, there
fore, won tne hearty applause she received
entirely on her own merits.
Miss Remynton is a slim, dark girl, who
looked very well in her gypsy's dress,
and entered with so much spirit into her
part that she <iid not convey the impres
sion of a beginner. She has a limit but
penetrating voice, which is sweet and
sympa Ik tic in quality and shows evi
dences of good training. A t first she suf
fered from nervousness and showed a
slight tendency to sing out of tune, but as
the opera progressed she shoos off her
nervousness and did excellent work.
The rest of the cast of "Maritana" is
good. R:.ys Thomas never appeared to
better advantage than he is doing as Don
Caesar de Bazan. His singing of "Let Me
Like a Soldier Fall" is nightly encored
again and again. John J. Raffael is also
excellent as Don Jo-e.
On Saturday nieht the new burlesque,
"Aladdin," will be produced.
"The Devil's Auction," which has
bright, new acts and dances this week,
has only a few more days to run et the
Columbia. On Monday the humorous
farce-comedy, "A Prodigal Father," will
open at the Columbia. One of the special
ties announced ior this piece is the toe
dancer, Titenia. Titenia is a Utah girl
but her successes have been made at the
Olympic and the Casino 111 New York.
. The rough edges in Monday night's per
formance of "Magda" at the Baldwin
Theater have been worn away by practice
and the play is now running quite
smoothly. "Magda" will be the bin Kfr
to-night, Friday night and the Saturday
matinee. On Saturday evening "Marie
Stuart will be presented.
One of the best performances of "All
the Comforts of Home" seen in San Fran
cisco is being given at the Alcazar. Mrs.
Bates, as tbe terrible Mrs. Be, tier, is thor
oughly in her element and arouses roars
of laughter by the sincerity of her domi
neering ways. J. B. Polk was never more
at home than as her luckless spouse,
whose tastes incline him to give little
breakfasts to opera singers and whose
duty-chains him to Mrs. Bender's side.
The affectation which often mars Jfiaa
Beatrice Lieb's acting really helps her in
the role 01 Fid Orotanski, the frivolous
opera singer with a taste for champagne
breakfast?.
Hugo Toland is still suffering from
hoarseness, but was a good deal better
last night. Miss Juliet Crosby and Miss
Gertrude Tidball, the two debutantes, are
quite at home on the sta<?e, and Francis
Powers, May Buckley and Walter Belasco
contribuie to the fun of the pi^ce.
William Gilctte's "A Legal Wreck" will
be next week's bill.
"The Orphans of New York" is ex^rtim?
its drawing powers well at the Grand.
Edward I. Heron gets through the dash
ing part of the resourceful "Shiner" in a
way that is eminently sa.isfactory to the
hearers, and the children are doing espe
cially pretty work.
Bessie Clayton has firmly established
herself in the good will of the Orpheum
public by her clever dancing and contor
tion work, and Kiralfy has bocome auite a
popular feature of the ballet. Guille, the
t<»nor who was one of the stars of the
Tavary Opera Company, is announced for
next week.
Bristol's clever horses, ponies and mules
remain the attraction at the People's
Palace.
WILL PLAZ WHIST.
Concord ian» I'oriu an Annex Thai
Promise* Many Pleasant ■ veniugn.
A number of the members of the Con
cordia Club met Tuesday night at the club
building on Van Ness avenue and Post
street and organized a whist club, com
posed wholly of members of "The Con
cordia" and their lady friend*.
Tue name of the new organization
is the Concordia Whist Annex.
The membership will consist of
fully fifty ladies and fifty gentlemen.
Those joining last nighi were: Su'tried
Nickehburg, Samuel L. Sachs, Henry Levi,
.Philip I. Fisher, Jacob Schweitzer,
Frederick Seller, Samuel Rosenheim, Jo
seph Rothschild, Dsivid Hamburger, I.«roy
Schlessing<?r, M. L. Alexander, Leo Alex
ander, Mayer 1. Coh n, Samuel Hirsch
felder, Henry Scbu<sler, Israel Cohen,
Charles Doychert, Benjamin Davis, Ben
jamin Rosenberg, Irving Rosenblatt,
Simon Clayburgh, Edgar Rosenblatt, M.
Nicfcelsburg, St. Adier, L. A. Schwabacher
and Joseph S. Dinkelspiel.
The Jollowing were elected officers:
Frederick Seller, president; Samuel
Rosenheim, secretary; L. Schlessinixer,
treasurer.
The object of organization is social en
joyment and the playing of whist.
Smadokn't ■fttata Worth 810,000.
The will of the late Willinm Smadeke has
been filed for probate. The entire estate, val
ued at $10,000, is bequeathed to the children
of the testator, share and share aliice. Jud^e
Slack will hear witnesses for the proving ot the
will on the 10th of next month.
HEW TO-SAT.
A Wonderful Medicine
W PILLS
For Bill ous and Nervous dlsorders.such as Wind
and Fain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddi-
ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings oX
Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos*
tlveness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, &c, when these symptoms ara
caused by constipation, as most of them are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This Is no fiction. Every sufferer 13
earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills
and they will be acknowledged to bo
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECH PILLS, taken as directed.
will quickly restore Females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or irregu-
larities of the system. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic— a few doses will work won.
ders upon the Vital Organs strengthening the
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com*
plexlon, bringing back the keen edge of appe-
tite, and arousing with the Rosebud of
Health the whole physical energy ot
the human frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, In all classes of society, and one ot
the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated Is that Beecham'g Pills have the
Largest Sale of any Patent medicine
In the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL
Annual Sales more than 6,000,000 Boxes
. 2."> c. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U.a.
Agents. B. F.ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
York, post paid, upon receipt of price. Boole
Ire* upon application.
"DATA AD^\
DA£AAi\
REDUCED
CAB FARE.
, "Even the poor can ride
as well as the rich.
BABY CARRIAGES,
AH our Carriages have Varnished Bodies,
Steel Wheels and Patent Brake. '
All Carriages over $0.00 have Patent Hubs,
RUBBER TIRE. STEEL WHEELS.
Parasol Top, Keed Body, lined wlta figured
■ .Sateen, steel wheel*: 83.75
Hood lop, full size Hattan body, lined fig-
';>, ure i Sateen, . novelty ' springs, steel
wheels...... ......: 85.75
Parasol Top, Reed body, upholstered- in Art :■■:
. fabric, steel wheels and springs. ....:.:. 86.35 "
Hood Top, Keed body, upholstered in Fig- •
ured sateen, steel wheels and Bprinas..B7.oo
Hood lop, Reed body, upholstered in Derby I
Cloth with Plush r011...:.-.. .............. 87.90
Hood Top, Kattan body, upholstered in Tap-
estry with Plush roll, KUBBER -TIBK.
STKEL WHKKI/5... .:. ..;....'..... 89. 5O
In addition we have a large assort-
merit of Hood and Parasol Top Car-
; riages in ; newest designs of - bodies
and upholsteries, selling up to $30
' each. >'•■; . ■ . ■.-■ "
, We ■ make a specialty of Carriage
Repairing
■, ,„.■■.. ;■-■----.:
5
." ! "V, :
m6
THURSDAY JANUARY 28,1897
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQB,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Frc«t
Pally and Sunday Calx, one week, by carrier. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mail — 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, air months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx-, three month* by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail- .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
Weekly Call, one year, by mall » *•*•
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Mftln-18fl8
EDITORIAL ROOMS I
517 Clay Btreet.
TeJepbra* < Mala-117*
BRANCH OFFICES:
' 627 Montgomery ttreet, corner Clay; opts nntn
6:80 o'clock. .
338 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2SIB Mission street: open nntil 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Folk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFPICB:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Room* 81 and 88, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL,
Perhaps Creelman is a myth.
After all there is no news but legitimate
news.
What Willie Hearst lacks most is a ref
eree lor news.
Somebody has been making a guy of
the Examiner.
With the new journalism any old thing
does as a fak3.
Philadelphia tempered her blizzard
with a tire, but it did not comfort any
body.
It takes time, work, energy and money
to get genuine news, but anybody can
write a fake.
By and by the fake journals will learn
that it is better to know less news than to
know so much that ain't so.
People may read fake papers for amuse
ment, but they must turn to legitimate
journalism to find out what the news is.
"It is hardly necessary for the Examiner
to reiterate the statement and add that it
was absolutely true." And yet it did so.
As one of the new British warships ha
been named Goliath some tugboat ought
to get in and knock it out with a sling
shot.
If the Examiner managers bad any sense
of humor they would see that Creeiman
and all the other fakers are just playing
them for soft things.
The rains of this winter are coming just
right to suit the orchardists. They could
not have arranged the weather better if
they had held a convention to do it.
In locating Li Yung Yuen in this City,
although he has been in Cnba for four
months, the Examiner got the Li all right
and that is as much as it ever wishes.
The next thing we know, some clever
joker will sell Long Green Lawrence a
telegram from Mars signed Li Yung
Yuen, and Willie Hearst will have to pay
for it.
If the Examiner pays as much as 14
cents for such stuff as its Chinese dis
patches it is not to be wondered that it
has to resort to devious methods for
raising the long green.
Why should the Examiner try to induce
the public to believe it keeps high-priced
liars in various parts of the world when
its Chinese dispatches show that its big
gest and rawest lies are dug up in its own
office.
When a newspaper is roped in by such
a raw fake as an alleged dispatch from
China to an official in San Francisco when
that official has not been here for four
months it is time for somebody to make a
shake-up in that office.
In objecting to the Nicaragua canal
under the coutiol of the United States
the Government of the Greater Republic
of Central America is taking a very good
way to get the whole country under the
august protection of Uncle Sam.
It is to be regretted that the Examiner,
after having enterprise enough to get
news to China and back in ten hours, did
not have enough sense to get information
from Stockton street of the name of the
Chinese Consul-General in this City.
Tbe vehement reply of the Examiner to
our light and amusing skit at its ''dis
patches from China" was written in the
tone of an editorial, flashed up in the
form of a news story and displayed in the
advertising columns. Why were those
things thus?
Not long ago the scuaming faker pub
lished a statement that ibe President of
the United States bad entered into a
secret treaty with the Spanish Govern
ment to crush the Cubans, and "it is
hardly necessary for the Examiner to re
iterate the statement and add that it was
absolutely true."
The Examiner says Li Yung Yuen is in
this City, that be holds the office of
Chinese Consul-General and is in danger
of assassination for sending a dispatch of
Little Pete's death to the Chinese Minister
at Washington. As Li is not in this City,
is not Consui-General and sent no such
dispatch the statements are good ex
amples of what the Examiner news service
is worth.
The wild romance of the Emperor of
China waking up in the middle of the
night to send officers over his empire to
arrest men whose names he did not know
and then telegraphing at 4 o'clock in the
morning the result of his activity to San
Francisco for the information of a man in
Cuba is surely amusing, and all the more
so because some solemn fellow thought it
was serious and paid for it as news.
Governor Pingree of Michigan has found
so many laws in that State either ob
solete or so construed by the courts as to
be inoperative that he has offered a re
ward of $25 to the student of the Univer
sity of Michigan who will compile the
greatest number of such laws, and has ap
pointed a commission to decide the con
test. The compilation will be not only a
good exercise for the students but it will
serve to call attention to the useless
statutes and prepare the way for their
abolition. It would not be a bad idea for
every State in the Union to have a similar
overhauling.
A SAD DEPEOT.
The vagaries of the Examiner are such
that f w people are surprised by any new
antic it may commit. With it anything
goes, from extorting money from a rail
road to bunkoing a prize-fight, and it
fakes with equal facility scandals artiome
and direful sensations abroad. Neverthe
less, so far as it was capable of surprising
anybody it did so yesterday in a double
column, double-leaded, double-dyed at
tack on The Call for giving to one of its
mo3t amusing fakes the advantage of
free advertising in the homes of intelli
gent people.
The Call had pointed out that the as
sertions of the Examiner concerning the
arrest in China oi the relatives of persons
suspected of the murder of ; 'Litte Pete"
was a fake. It showed that the feat of
telegraphing news to China and back
again could not have been performed;
that no such telegram as stated by the
Examiner had been sent from this Cily by
the Chinese Consul-Gsneral; that no tele
graph office in this City had received or
dispatched such a telegram, and finally,
that Li Yunj; Yuen, whom the Examiner
declared to be the Chinese Consul-General
in this City, has been in Cuba for upward
of four months. Surely this was a good
proof of thepcwers of imagination which
exist in the Examiner office, and was a
good advertisement of its ability to keep
pace with the latest developments of the
so-called new journalism.
So far from being grateful for our adver
tising, or recognizing the humor of the sit
uation, the Examiner took up the matter
seriously. It declared that it has great
opportunity to know everything that hap
pens because it has correspondents all
over the world, from Madrid to Shanghai.
The earnestness with which it made these
claims showed that in its solemn stupid
ity it was not aware of the fact that we
had not charged it with a lack of corre
spondents elsewhere, but only that it did
not send a reporter to the office of the
Consul-General on Stockton street in this
City.
The Examiner asserts with a dignity
truly pompous that concerning the "In
carceration," as it calls it, of the relatives
of the fighting Bee Yups, "it is hardly
necessary for the Examiner to reiterate
the statement and add that it was abso
lutely true." Surely we can agree to that
proposition. It was entirely unnecessary
for the Examiner to do so. Nobody
thought the statement true when pub
lished, nobody thinks it is true now, and
there is certainly no necessity for the Ex
aminer's young men to lie in editorials
when they could lie in the local columns
at space rates.
It is clear the managers of che Exam
iner are lacking in a sense of the ridiculous,
as well aa of veracity. They cannot see that
these clever fakers from Madrid to Shang
hai, and not a few in San Francisco, are
simply {joying Mr. Hearst and selling
him any old thing for news. They are
slyly stabbing Long Green Lawrence
to make Willie Hearst bleed. Tnev send
him any sort of a fake, no matter how
raw, and he is unable to see that the stuff
is absurd.
Long Green cannot even keep posted on
local affairs sufficiently to know the name
of such an important official as the Chi
nese Consul-General in this City. A faker
brings him a dispatch which he alleges to
have been written by an official on Stock
ton street when the official has been for
four months in Cuba, and the Long Green
manager, not knowing the difference,
calls it news from China and pays out Mr.
Hearst's money for it.
It is a tad defect, this lack of a sense of
the ridiculous. It has led Long Green
Lawrence into many an ngly situation
and most woefully has Willie Hearst had
to bleed for it.
A IEEE MARKET.
A bill has been introduced into the
Legislature by Senator Hall providing for
the establishment and maintenance of a
free public market on the water front of
thi-> City, and we have, therefore, a chance
to obtain this long-desired and much
needed public improvement.
The bill requires that the Harbor Com
missioners shall set apart a sufficient
number of docks on the water front, con
tiguous to each other, for the reception of
all perishable products, including fruit,
vegetables, eggs, poultry, game, dairy
products and fish, coming into San Fran
cisco, and shall permit the sale there of
such articles by or for account of the
producers only.
Other sections of the bill provide the
details for carrying out the plan, and
seem well adapted for that purpose. The
measure is, therefore, one which on its
face is deserving the support of the Legis
lature, and, while it ought to have care
ful consideration, so that no mistake may
be made in the enactment of such im
portant legislation, it should, neverthe
less, be free from merely petty criticism or
ill- founded opposition.
People of San Francisco have for a Jong
time past had the subject of a free market
under consideration. It has been fully
discussed both in the press and by those
who would be interested in it, and has
everywhere received favor and support.
It would be an important step in the
direction of bringing the producer into
close relations with the consumer, and
would, therefore, be a benefit to the great
majority of the people, both of the City
and of the interior of the State.
There is no reason apparent why there
should be any opposition at all to a
measure which promises to be of such
public benefit The bill provides that the
Harbor Commissioners shall assign space
within the free market to all producers of
perishable products, and to all commission
merchants and agents of producers who
shall make application therelor and agree
to transact business within the free market
solely for producers' account, and under
such regulations a« the Harbor Commis
sioners may prescribe. Commission mer
chants are not to be permitted to occupy
space to the exclusion of genuine pro
ducers, and no rent is to be charged.
These provisions seem to cover the
essential points desired by the people in
the establishment of such a market, and
the bill on the whole appears to be a good
one. It has been introduced into the
Legislature in response to a popular de
mand caused by an urgent need, and is,
therefore, one of the measures now before
the Legislature which should receive
warm support and be promptly enacted.
WOBK AT SACRAMENTO.
The legislative session at Sacramento
has thns far been dull except for the one
sensation of the stuffed payroll. This is
not a bad sign. Dull sessions are gener
ally business sessions, and from all reports
this promises to be one of that kind.
The main work of legislation is neces
sarily done in committee, where there is
no opportunity for oratory and little
chance for making reputation!. It is this
committee work which now occupies the
attention of members of both houses, and
it is gratifying to note that they are devot
ing their time to that instead of making
sensational speeches on the floor of the
Senate or of the Assembly.
It happens that at this time both par
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1897.
ties in the Assembly are led with mere
than ordinary parliamentary skill and
business discretion. The actual leader of
the Republican majority, and therefore
the virtual leader of tha Assembly itself,
is Judge Dibble, than whom no abler par
liamentary leader exists in the State.
The Democratic and Populist fusion, so
far as it is capable of loilowing leadership
at all, foliows that of Carainetti, and is,
therefore, much better directed than
minorities have been in times past.
The people of California can well afford
to have a dull and strictly business ses
sion of the Legislature this year. The
stuffed payroll has furnished more than
all the scandal and sensation which there
was any demand for. It has served to
attract the attention of the general public
to the Legislature, and been a warning to
the legislators themselves to be on their
guard against extravagance and reckless
ness in t&e expenditure of public money.
From this time on the people will be well
satisfied if the Legislature attends closely
to its work and furnishes economy in pub
lic business rather than profusion of ora
tory.
It must be borne in mind that the work
in committee is after all the most im
portant woik which the legislator per
forms. It is by committees that bills are
drafted and put into proper shape to pro
vide for the welfare of the public, and to
guard against the attacks of the courts.
When the work has been well done in
committee the debate and the vote in the
Assembly and the Senate are very little
more than acts of ratification, and hardly
count in the serious work of the session.
How important this committee work is
may be estimated from the report that up
to date there have been introduced into
the Assembly alone as many as nine bills
dealing with the subject of road improve
ment. This multiplicity of bills referring
to one subject involves the committee in
charge of that subject in the difficult task
of combining and harmonizing them into
one comprehensive measure. Committee
work, therefore, while dull, is in every re
spect important, and it is to be noted as
a good sign of the coming results of the
session that the members seem content to
perform this duil work with zeal rather
than to endeavor to make reputations for
themselves by holding long debates and
giving utterance to Duncombe oratory.
"ME, TOO."
A number of the leading Democratic
newspapers of the country are predicting
a split -in the Republican party, stormy
times for the McKinley administration,
and a oeneral row in the next Congress.
As a rule they offer no reason for these
predictions, but when they do they assert
that Senator Piatt of New York is going
into the Senate to oppose McKinley, and
that he will lead an anti-administration
faction of Republicans in that body.
The value of these predictions may be
estimated from the credibility of the sole
reason given for them. If any man be
lieves that Senator Platt is going to start
or 10 encourage a faction fight in the Re
publican party, he has been either a very
careless reader of current events, and
knows little of the character of Mr. Platt,
or else he is utterly unfitted to draw con
clusions from the facts that are known to
him.
Senator Platt long ago received what
was then regarded as the disreputable
name of "Me, Too." The name wa3 not
given him for nothing. It stuck to him
because it was characteristic of him. He
was a follower of Roscoa Conkling, and
was loyal in his following. Ho believed
in party discipline and he acted upon it.
When the crisis came in tbe fortunes of
his great leader and oi the organization of
his party in his State he did not hesitate
to resiern a aeat in the Senate rather than
to be found false to the discipline which
he honored, the leader whom he loved
and the organization which he served.
By holding steadfastly on his course
Mr. Platt has demonstrated his fitness to
cad as well as to follow. The name "Me,
Too" has ceased to be one of opprobrium.
It is now recognized as the name of a man
who can always bs counted on to support
his party organization whenever his help
is needed. He is not one who will break
away from the ranks under the strain or
stre-s of whatever battle may come. He
is not only an advocate but an exemplar
of discipline. He has shown it in the
past, and there can be no question that he
will more splendidly illustrate it in the
future.
Those Democrats therefore who are hop
ing to gain some advantage for their dis
rupted, disorganized and discredited party
by confusion among Republican leaders
in the next four years will be disappointed
so far as their hopes are based upon any
lack of fealty and ioyaity in Senator Platt.
It is an easy and a safe prediction that
whenever the Republican party under the
leadership of Major McKinley calls upon
the Senate for support of any great meas
ure the Senator lrom New York will be
found prompt to sustain it and ready to
answer now as he did of old, "Count in
me, too."
ARBITRATION TREATY.
Some Kecison* Why California' t Sena-
torn Should Oppose It.
M. Cooney, the well-known attorney of
this City, has forwarded to United States
Senators Perkins and White a communi
cation of which the following is a copy:
At the suggestion of many citizens of thli
State i aslc you to oppose tne ratification of the
so-called arbitration treaty between our Gov
ernment and England vow pending in the
Senate. Many reasons are assigned for oppos
ing it and none in favor, save the sentimental
idea of International peace. Opposed to this
comes the suggestion that up to this time we
have succeeded fairly well in that respect. I
may add, too, that the United States must de
pend upon the Nation's own strength to main
tain international peace as well as the Monroe
or any other American doctrine. But if a
treaty should be deemed useful why should
our people accept any European monarch as a
limit arbitrator? Again, What is there to ar
bitrate ? If any question should arise at any
time similar to the Venezuela affair, at
home or upon any other part of the
western continent, no trouble would
be had in securing a commission for
that particular purpose, and If it could not bo
arbitrated in that summary way surely it
could not be by the terms of a standing treaty,
which must necessarily be more complicated
and more difficult of construction. Suppose
any of the subjects of England in her many
provinces, sucn as Canada, Ireland or any
other people, should declare for independence
and the iriends of liberty in this country
should feel it their duty to give them aid and
encouragement, would not the United States
be likely to be dragced into the affair by rea
son of this treaty? "iou see England acquired
by conquest and holds by force many of her
provinces, while the United States acquired
none in that way and holds none by force.
The people of the colonies did, however,
acquire these United States from England by
force and descendents of that people, the citi
zens of this Republic, are well able to maintain
the independence and integrity of this Nation
witbln her own borders and before the world
without any alliance with England or any
other European power Thus you will see that
England has nothing to lose by this treaty,
and I am unable lo see where the United States
can gain by it. Very respectfully,
M. coojrax.
LATE MARTIAN ADVICES.
Brooklyn Eagle,
If the same thing had happened on our
planet that has occurred In Mars, the arctic
explorers could probably take their vessels
right up to the top of the earth. A big rift
has occurred in the Martian ice cap, and an
immeuse section of ice is probably moving
bo u tli ward, leaving an. opes. nua.
ARE YOU AN EPICURE?
If you are you will be thoroughly interested and eagerly concerned in the subject of the
very newest and latest of all dishes calculated to tempt the palate.
If you are not you will, nevertheless, experience a lively hankering to know just what
this rare, new discovery may De.
"You may be partial to frogs, or snails,' or
turtle or terrapin; but this dish to which we
refer is incomparably Better than any of
those enumerated.
It is declared to be the most delicious food
known to man.
There is no doubt but that there are dozens
of appetites even right , here in San Francisco
60 jaded that they are willing to test anything
new in the form of something to eat.
■ But in this instance the epicure will have
the remarkable advantage of having forced
upon him ,by fashion something that' is
palatable, and will not have to go through his
usual punishment when adopting a new
dish and in acquiring a new taste. I
The caterers and those in charge of the
culinary departments of the downtown clubs
P caterers and those in charge of the
departments of the downtown clubs
will be particularly attracted by the new fad.
It will mean a new. useful and healthful
industry in country places.
And what is this wonderful dish? And what kind of an industry is at the back of it?
This you will find out in Sunday's Call. It will tell you all about it, and you may be
assured that the story is an extraordinarily good one.
We may live without books!
What is knowledge but grieving?
We may live without hope!
What is hope but deceiving?
We may live without Jove!
What is love but repining?
But civilized man
Cannot live without dicing.
Just 10.
The question of the new dish and its merits is of as much importance almost ai the one
which relates to the discovery of poetry in the plaint of a Noguchian Snail.
The Sunday Call will tell you about the most marvelous of recent departures in the
world of the winged wheel.
Everybody wants to know about it. If not because he is a lover of the biking sport, then
because his friends are, and because he wants to keep up with the times on a matter that the
multitude is certain to discuss.
This bicycle invention is going to knock all previous records into the middle of ne~t week,
or somewhere still further back in the horse-monopolied past.
The newest macnine, of which a full description will appear in Sunday's Call, is uestined
to cut the time lor a mile down to less than a minute.
Think of ltl Lightning express locomotives won't be in the race, and the running horse
will be dbfeated with an ease that will put its rider to blush.
Novel things in science, literature and art; treasures of poetry and Bong. You will have
them served up to you to your heart's delight in The Sunday Call.
WHY THERE WERE NO DEMOCRATS ON THE LIST.
Marriot Brosius of Pennsylvania, who is the author of the bill introduced in Congress pro-
Tiding for the retirement of civil service employes of the Government, tells a good story
In connection with the recent criticism of Cleveland for extending the civil service over
thousands of offices after be bad turned the Republicans out and filled the offices witb
Democrats, iays the Washington Post. Brosius
maintains that the Republicans have every
thing to gain and nothing to lose by the adop
tion of the merit system, and in substantia
tion of this relates an incident told by Major
Harlow of the Civii Service Commission about
B. B. Smalley, the well-known Democrat, Col
lector of Customs in Vermont. One day some
of the Democrats came to the Vermont Col
lector and complained:
"See here, Mr. Smalley, you have not got any
Democrats in your office. These fellows hold
ing the Government positions are all Repub
licans."
"I am afraid not," said the Collector, regretfully, "The trouble is, our Vermont Democrats
don't go to school as they should do, and until they do there is no way of getting them Govern
ment positions."
NO HOPE FOR THE MEN.
Big sleeves arejrotng out. they say,
Ai;d y «t we see thpm every day
Wher'«r we go.
It's plain that the millennium,
Although, perhai a. It's bound to come,
Is coming slow.
And when It does, and sleeves grow small,
What will the women do with all
The cloth they've tot?
Will all the woolen mills shut down,
While store men fall and tailors frown T
Man knowtth not.
One thing Is sure. Men's pocket-books,
However lovely woman looks,
Will not ittovr fat.
If cloth is plenty, what they Bave
fcacn one to spend at once will crave
on a new hat.
— Somervine Journal.
PERSONAL.
William Wing of Eureka is in the City.
Dr. J. L. Asay of San Jose is at the Lick.
W. Woodburn of Carson, Nev., is in town.
G. W. Ellis of Japan arrived here yesterday.
L. Hirschfield of Tulare got here yesterday.
T. R. Kumler of Oxford, Ohio, is at the Russ.
D. Burnett of Davisville arrived here yester
day.
Dr. C. W. Kellogg of Lakeport is a late arrival
here.
Senator G. N. Androus of Pomona is at the
Grand.
E. H. Beam, a real estate dealer of Sanger, is
in town. .
Supervisor A. M. Duncan of Mendocino is in
the City.
E. Dinkelspiel, the business man, ofßuisun
is in town.
L. J. Maddox, the attorney of Modesto is at
the Grand.
Thomas Bair of Humboldt Bay is at the
Occidental.
Thomas B. Kay, a business man of Salem, Is
at the Lick.
N. Wines, the stageline owner, of Santa Bar
bara, is here.
Tnomas Dougall, a merchant of MarysTille,
is at the Lick.
J. B. Small, a resident of Sonoma, is staying
at the Cosmopolitan.
T. Musto, a wholesale merchant of Stockton,
arrived here last night.
C. E. Tinkham, the lumber manufacturer, of
Chico, is on a visit here.
J. H. Fliokinger, the extensive fruit-grower,
of San Jose is in the City.
J. Cowan and wife of Glen Ellen are regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan.
John T. Sullivan, proprietor of the Sea Beach
Hotel, Santa Crue, is in the City.
Charles Sheldon, a business man of Spokane,
is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
A. F. Abbott, a mining and business man of
Marysville, arrived here yesterday.
Warden Hale of San Quentin is on a visit to
Southern California for his health.
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey, is In the
City, and is registered at the Palace.
Charles Kreuter, the cornetist, has gone to
join the Hawaiian Government band.
J. B. Stephens, a mining man of Spokane, is
among the late arrivals from the north.
Fred Cox, the banker, ranch-owner and
cattle-grower, of Sacramento is at the Grand.
F. B. Springer, Western agent of the Chicago
and Northwestern Railroad, is at the Grand.
Robert Duncan of Alaska was one of yester
day's arrivals here. He is down on a business
trip.
George M. W. Ayers, a wealthy resident of
Auckland, New Zealand, is quartered at the
Palace.
W. H. Harris, a mine-owner of Rossland, the
new and big camp of Trail Creek, B. C, Is at
the Russ.
M. McCarthy, a builder and contractor from
Stockton, is at the Cosmopolitan accompanied
by his son.
i. F. Sanders, a leading mining man of Colo
rado, whose headquarter! are now at Delta,
arrived yesterday, accompanied by his family
and several friends*
James G. Berry hill, a leading and wealthy
attorney o£ Dcs 4i oines, lowa, who is conspicu
ous iv Republican politics and who lias been
|(
"Well, what do you suggest?" asked Smalley.
"We've got a couple of good Democrats and
we want you to put out two Republicans and
give them the places," was the reply.
"All right," said Smalley, "I am a little
hampered just now, but I will see what can be
done. You see this list of names ?"
"Yes."
"Well, run over it and see if you can find
tbe names of your two Democrats on it." The
politicians did as directed, when suddenly one
of ihem blurted out:
"What is this darned thing anyway, Mr.
Smalley?"
"That," answered the Collector, "is the list
of persons who have passed the civil service
examination. If any vacancies occur in my
office force the law requires me to fill them
from the names on that list"
"But these are all Republicans, Mr. Smalley;
there is not a Democrat on the list."
recently advocated for Congress, is among the
arrivals here.
J. C. Bull, the wealthy contractor, of Arcata,
who for some years has had contracts for the
Hupiboldt breakwater, is in town. He is one
of the pioneers of Humbolfit County.
Bisnop Auson R. Graves, late of Kearney,
Nebr., who has been appointed coadjutor to
Bishop Wingfield of the northern diocese of
California, arrived here yesterday, and is at
the Occidental.
R.A.Graham of Marshfield, Or., a railroad
contractor who has been prominent in con
nection with some San Diego contracts and
later was known as one of the projectors of a
railroad enterprise from Coos Bay, is at the
Palace. He has more recently become inter
ested in the development of Important coal
properties near Coos Bay.
CALIFORNiANi IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 27.— At the Plaza,
F. B. Miliard; Imperial. F. Kingsley; Hoffman,
R. E. Brown; Broadway, M. Seminoff; Gilsey,
B. B. Dimon; Astor, B. Miller; Union Square,
J. J. Leary. Captain and Mrs. Lee left the
Plaza to sail for Europe.
A SAFE PLACE.
London Figaro.
Father Hugh Lagan of San Rafael is a pious
priest and an excellent raconteur. His rever
ence relates that he was called in recently to
administer the last rites of Mother Churoh to
a dying sinner, who, like hlmsslf, was a native
of the Emerald Isle.
"I have but one request to make, Father,"
gasped the dying penkent.
"What is it, my son?" inquired the priest.
"That when I am dead, tather, you will put
me to rest in the Hebrew cemetery."
"And what for?" asked Father Lagan.
"Because, your reverence," moaned the sick
man, "it's the last place on the face of the
globe where the divil wonld look for an Irish
man."
BEYOND THE tXPERIMENT STAGE.
Indianapolis Journal.
It has been demonstrated in Glasgow, Ber
lin and several English cities that city owner
ship oi railroads, tramways, waterworks, gas
works, baths, laundries, Industrial educa
tional schools, etc, not only promotes the pub
lic welfare, but Increases the revenues and
lowers taxes. The success of the experiment
depends on wise, skillful and honest manage
ment, and it Is not certain that it would suc
ceed in American cities.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Well, my dear," said Mr. Proudwife, "did
you have a successful meeting of your club
this afternoon t"
"Oh, yes, indeed," said she, enthusiastically.
"We did just like the men— passed resolutions
that we were real sorry for Cuba and that the
Turks are just as mean and hateful as Can
be I"— Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.
"Waiter, this cnop is done abominably."
"It's what you ordersd, sir."
"What I ordered T What dyer mean t"
"Why, you ordered a chop not too well
done."— London Illustrated .Bits.
•'What are you crying about, Willie ?"
"I feel bad."
"Did you eat too much at Charlie's party ?"
"No, sir; that's the trouble; I feel bad be
cause I didn't eat more."— Yonkers States
man.
"Would you please help me," said the poor
beggar to the pedestrian. "I nave a wife and
five children at home and an installment to
pay on my bicycle to - morrow. — Yonkers
Statesman.
"Father, are generals brave men?" asked
Johnny.
"Yes, my son, as a rule," was the answer.
"Then why does artists always make pic
tures of 'em standing on a hill three miles
away looking at a battle through an opera
glass ?"— Tit-Bits. *
Bliffcrs (reading)— Science now recognizes a
condition called "intoxication by radiation."
Many cases of drunkenness are cited in wbch
the victim had touched nothing alcoholic, but
had simply been In the company of drinkers
Whiflers-Cut that out. I want to show it to
my wile.— Pearson's Weekly.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Mile Antoinette Trebelli, who has Just ar
rived from Australia, will begin her American
n«.rt tour at the California Theater
C o°n Tv sdav! February 9, Gustav Hinrich,
will conduct a grand orchestra, organized for
The occasion. Mile. Trebelli is a well-known
concert singer, especially in England, Holland
Russia and Germany. A few years ago , .he
came to America for a brief season udiiv
with the Boston Symphony Orchestra and
with Theodore Thomas' orchestra. Special
inducements were offered her to make a more
extended tour in America at the time, but she
had made a contract to sing with Hans
Jiichter's orchestra in London, and therefore
could not remain in this country. She is pas
sionately fond of traveling, however, and
nearly two years ago set out on a tour of the
world under the management of the well
known lmpressario. Vert. She toured in South
Africa, penetrating; as far as Zululand, then
went to Zanzibar, and afterward toured all
MLLE. TREBELLI, the Famous Soprano Who Will Sing: at the
California Theater.
[From a photograph by Falk of Melbourne.]
over Australia. Mile. Antoinette Trebelll is
still quite a young woman. She is the daugh
ter of the famous contralto, Trebelii, though
her own achievements in the musical line do
not cause her to depend on her mother for
fame. Antoinette, however, has never cared
to sing in opera, so tnat her name is not so
widely known as it would have been if she
had been appearing at the great opera-houses.
She is a soprano with great flexibility of exe
cution. At her concert she will confine her
self chiefly to grand operatic arias, with
orchestral accompaniment
The admfmstration of La Scala, In Milan,
has started a new departure in the way of
providing facilities for press representatives
on the second floor of the great opera-house,
a large and elegantly furnished room having
been placed at the disposition of the press. The
apartment is provided with every facility for
writing, telegraphing, telephoning, dispatch
ing messages, etc. This is an innovation that
would be warmly welcomed in other cities
beside Milan, for it is often a great conveni
ence to newspaper men to be able to write,
telegraph or telephone between the acts, and
in the majority of American theaters not the
slightest accommodation is provided for pen
ning a line. A wail has been going up from
some of the New York dramatic critics that
in many cases their offices are situated too far
from the theater to go there to write after the
performance, and no accommodation being
provided by the managements of the theaters,
they have to rush to a messenger office and
write hastily in the midst of the noise and
clatter.
A Berlin newspaper, the Gegenwart, pub
lishes the following letter, which Louis II of
Bavaria, at that time 20 years of age, ad
dressed to Richard Wagner, after the first per
formance of "Tristan and Yseult," in which
rierr ana Frau Schnorr played the leading
roles: "Illustrious and divine friend, 1 can
hardly wait for to-night, so much do I long to
see the second performance. You have written
to Pfistermeister, you hope that my love for
your work will not be decreased by the some
what faulty conception of the role of Kur
wenal, on the part of Mitterwuner. Beloved
friend, how can you cherish such a thought?
lam filled with enthusiasm; transported. I
burn with the desire to see anew performance.
"This marvelous work 'that thy spirit cre
ated' who could see it, who could know it
without calling it divine? Your work, so mag
nificent, so suave, so grandiose, has quenched
the thirst of my soul. Hail to its creator, my
admiration is his. My friend, will you have
the kinduess to tell the excellent artist couple
how much their work has exalted and en
thused me; will you express to them my best
thanks? I btg you to give me the joy of hear
ing from you soon. Is it not true, my precious
friend, that courage to create anew will never
abandon you? In the name of those whom
you fill with the delight that God alone ac
cords I pray you not to lose courage, you and
God. In death and beyond it, in the empire
of the worlds of darkness, I remain yours
faithful, Louia
"Berg, 12th June, 1865.
"Addressed to the t>oet of t»xt and of music,
Richard Wagner."
At Triebschen, near Lucerne, a plaque bear
ing an inscription hat just been placed at the
entrance to the villa, on the banks of the Lake
of the Four Cantons, which Wagner inhabited
during the six years after his departure from
Munich. The inscription is in these terms:
"In this house Richard Wagner lived from the
Ist of April, 1866, till the month of April,
1872. It was here that the master first began
the 'Meisteriingers,' -Siegfreid, 1 'The Dusk of
the Gods', the 'Imperial March' and the
'Siegfried Idyl.' " This plaque will set at re.n
a misapprehension on the part of couriers and
guides, for the villa is generally pointed out
to tourists as the spot where Wagner wrote
"Lohengrin," perhaps because its proximity
to the water and the low green bank recall
the scene in "Lohengrin" when the swan first
arrives.
A rather curious Incident happened at the
Paris Opera Comique the other day during the
performance of "Mignon." Mile. Fernande
Dubois, who sang the title role, was out of
health, but not wishing to disappoint the
public she took what she thought were
some drops of a calming potion to
steady her nerves, but by accident took
a drug which caused her to fall in a dead
faint soon alter she had gone on the stage.
The curtain was lowered and Mile. Parentanl
hastily replaced her comrade and the opera
was about to be taken up where the other
Mignon had fainted, but the audience pro
tested, orylng out that i t would have "Mignon"
from the commencement, so the opera was be
gun all over again and came to a close nearly
an hour later than usual in consequence of the
interruptions.
Edward Grieg is in Vienna, where his con
certs are creating quite a sensation. Among
the pieces that he has conducted is "Bergliot,"
which although not an absolute novelty is not
widely known. It is a monologue, which is
given without accompaniment, but the or
chestra adds musical illustrations quite inde
pendent of the monologue. This form is abso
lutely new, and it seems the "Bergliot" has
met with great success in Vienna. Grieg Is
a'i?o being very much admired as a pianist .|
He plays as a composer and not as a virtuoso,
but even from the mechanical point of view
his playing is such that lew professional
pianists can compete with him.
Antoine Bruckner, the Viennese master yrbo
died recently, left by will all hia manuscripts
to the Imperial Library of Vienna. These
manuscripts have been handed over to the
library by Dr. Theodore Reisch and Professors
Loewe and Bchell have b.=en detailed to
classiiy them. They embrace the eight first
symphonies, part of the ninth, the mass in D
minor, 150 psalms and two choruses for male
voices.
La Menestrei states that Mile. Francesca
(Mis£ Fanny Simonds on of San Francisco) has
been singing, among Mine. Marchesi's other
pupils, at a recital in the Theatre Mondain be
fore she goes to Nice for the opera season.
In the mad scene from Ambroise Thomas'
"Hamlet" she made a great Impression. Borne
of the other pupils especially mentioned are a
young Canadian, Mile. Toronta, who is said to
possess a limpid voice of wide range; Misa
Papayane, a Russian singer, and Mile. Kirine.
Richard Pohl, a well-known writer on musi
cal subjects, has just died at Baden, near
Carlsruhe. He passed part of his life at
Weimar, where he was an intimate friend of
Franz Liszt, and he has published several
works on the Weimar master, as well as on
Berlioz and Wagner. It was he who wrote the
librettos of Schumann's "Manfred" and Lissf a
"Prometheus," and he also translated Berlioz's
works into German.
The Gazette of Cologne publishes a telegram
from St. Petersburg stating that that town has
just sent four carloads of musical instruments
(including pianofortes) to Abysslaia on an.
order from King Menelik. The dusky monarch
has also engaged a troupe of Russian musi
cians and a conductor to make music for him.
This opens up a new field for artists and for
manufacturers of musical Instruments.
A grand and very successful musical festival
has been given at Gand in honor of Mile. Au
gusta Holmes, the Irish-Frencn composer. Ail
the music performed was of Miss Holmes' own
composition and was all received with en
thusiasm. The duo from the last act of "La
Montagne Noire" made the greatest impres
sion.
A Vienna publishing-house has just put on
the market a waltz entitled "To Thee Alone."
The composer is the Archduke Peter Ferdi
nand, and his waltz bears the dedication "To
my Sister Louise."
The foreign papers announce, without elT
ing details, the violent death of the barytone
Lipowsky, assassinated at Littau "by mis
take."
Carl Goldmark's "Cricket on the Hearth,"
whose first appearance was so warmly wel
comed in Germany, has made a complete fiasco
at Munich.
The town of Dessau Is going to erect a
grandiose memorial to Richard Wagner.
Giordino's opera, "Andrea Chenier," is not
only being produced in all the principal Eu
ropean musical centers, but it is now an
nounced for Alexandria, in Egypt If Maple
son's company had lived San Francisco would
have heard it
THE ROAD TO PROSPERITY.
Globe- Democrat.
It will be in vain to look for a permanent or
solid trade revival until after the tariff bill
gets on the statute book. As tho bill will prob
ably touch all the schedules in some degree,
there will be a good deal of uncertainty in
most of the Interests until the measure passes
into the President's hands. This will give a
speculative character to most of the business
done in tne larger fields in the interval, and
as a consequence the forces of industrial re
cuperation will be impeded lor the time. A
settlement of the question is imperatively re
quired at the earliest practicable moment, so
that business men can deal with certaintiea
and finalities. The country needs ample rev
enues and adequate protection, and then It
wants a long rest from tariff tinkering.
Soft baby cream, 15c pound, Towns«nd's. *
| . Special Information dally to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Ptsji
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
♦ » >
Lorin Farr, the man who helped to build lix
Mormon temples— those at Kirkland (Ohio),
Nauvoo (111.), St. 'George. (Utah), Logan and
Manti and the magnificent Salt Lake temple,
which cost milions of dollars, is 77 years old,
a native of Vermont and a devout Mormon.
In 1868 and 1869 he built 200 miles of the
Central Pacific road on the stretch between
Ogden and a point near Humboldt Wells.
Irritation o» the throat and hoarseness
are Immediately relieved by "Sroum'i bronchial
Troche*." Have them always ready.
No toilrt is complete without a bottle of Ayer'g
Hair Vlgor-the best hair-dressing. Asfc your
druggist for Ayer'3 Almanac.
NEW TO-DAY.
BiSciTlTANii
sizes 8% to 10; others get 25 cent*; a lew
make them a leader at 15 cents; our price
this week 10 cents; no limit to quantity.
Children's Tan Hose.. '. 12c
Children's Black Wool H05e....... 10c, 15c
Ladies' Wool Hose, heavy.... 22c
Ladies' Gray Wool Hose. . . ..... . . f . .. . 22c
Every Day Stockings, Ladies ....10c, 12>£o
Every Day Stockings, Chi1d5.......8c, 10c
Closing Heavy Bicycle H05e........... 25c
Our stock of shoes and stockings will
compare favorably with any west ot the
mountains, either in quantity, quality or
SMITH'S &>&X«ORbDAY JANUARY 28, 1597
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkatkb.— "Magda."
Coi.rvi'iA 'l hfatkr — "Devil's Auction."
Mobo'scos ofkra-Hocsii—- of New
York'
/ica7ar Theater.— "All the Comforts of
Hum!. '
1 ivi'i.i Opera Houw.- 'Marltana."
I'Krnn-v- High-Class Vaudeville. .
■ Th* i:hctks and Skating Kink— Daliy *'
Baight street, one block east of the Park.
bi i no Uatiis— Bathing and performances.
1 AUKicCoAKT JorKKv ci.nn.— Races to-day.
AUCTION tALhS.
By P. Fasch— This day, January 28, Furni-
ture, at 319-821 Sinter street, at 11 o'clock.
1 v Indiana ArmoN ( This day, January
28. Millinery, at 1057 Market St.. at 11 o'clock.
1 » fi«ANK %v. l;i;TTKKKiF.i.n— This day. Janu-
ary 28, Lodging-house. 118 mils su, at 11 o'clock.
. IV .Yon Bhkis Co.— This day, January 28,
Feal Estate, at Salesroom, 513 California street
at, 12 o'clock.
By G. H. Imbsen * Co.— Monday, February 1,
Peal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
a; 12 o'clock noon.
. "EtEabtok A Li>RiDGK.-Tuesday, February
V, Heal Kstate, at salesrooms, 638 Market St.,
at 13 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Five divorce suiU were filed in this City yes
terday.
Will E. Fisher has been sued for a divorce
by his wife, Rebecca Fisher.
The death of C C. N'ordhausen is surrounded
by mysterious circumstances.
J. A. Jenson has been sentenced to twenty
five years in the State prison for burglary.
Rain, with southeasterly winds, is the best
the weather bureau can promise for to-day.
Henning Roster's will has been filed for pro
bate. The entire estate is bequeathed to his
iamily.
Testimony in the case of Qoackenbush
against Quackenbush is being heard by Judge
Beawe.:.
Heavy rains are falling all over the Btate,
with* prospect ol the storm Continuing ior a
day or two longer.
A new society has been formed lor the en
tertslament of the Exempt Firemen. It is
called the Gleaners.
Harry Casner, a merchant living at 226%
Fuiton street, has filed a petition ininsolvency.
He owes $1164 30; assets $660.
Chin Wan Sing, a house-cleaner in the
Pa ace Hotel, fell down an elevator shaft, a
distance of 100 feet, and was crushed to death.
Two manacled prisoners Jumped overboard
from a Stockton steamer yesterday, aud were
nearly drowned while attempting to swim
ashore.
In the Jennie Parsons' estate contest a con
tinuance for one month has been granted lor
the purpose of securing the deposition of Ned
Hanley.
Ex-Mayor EUert says that he thinks that ft
le.wer system for San Francisco can be pro
vided without a bond issue, by doing the work
by degrees.
Mrs, Stanford invited all the messenger
boys in the City to her mansion on Nob Hill
yesterday afternoon and entertained and
ieasted them.
Will E. Fisher, the insolvent real-estate
agent, returned from Stockton yesterday
morning. He was accompanied by Joseph
Nye, a private detective.
Hon. Henry E. Highton lectured last night
in -Metropolitan Temple, upon "The True
liasis ol American Citizenship." The proceed
ings were neld under the auspices of Golden
Gate Council No. 34, Y. M. I.
Four of the favorites won at Ingleside yes
terday. Tile successful horses were: Last
Chance. Benamela, Caspar, Mr. Keel, Morte
i'onse, Greyhurst and Salvation.
pr. Rouanzi. chairman oJ the Finance Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors, has found
the deficit in City funds fpr the first six
months to aggregate over $78,000.
• Chinatown is swarming with highbinders
imported by the Sam Yups to avenge "Little
Pete*" murder and many prominent Celes
tials have employed Caucasian guards.
Patrick Kenny, an old man from Vancouver,
B. C, is in a padded cell in the Receiving Hos
pital, and it is believed that he has been
knocked down ana robbed by a gang of thieves.
The Corinthian Yacht Club met at Bed
HeVi Hall on Bush street last night, elected
officers for tbe ensuing year, and debated
upon what constitutes an amateur yachtsman.
Justice of tne Peace Carroll has decided
that George Allen, who trained Tom Sharkey
fur the co with Fitzsimmons, is entitled to re
cover the full amount claimed by him for his
services.
Dr. James Graham Sharp and Miss Rose F.p
piuger were married last evening at the resi
lience of the bridi's parents, 1707 Octavia
Kreet. Rbv. Dr. Voorsanger officiated at the
ceremony.
Miss Martha Shainwald and Leopold Meyer
were married last evening at the bride's apart
ment* at the Colonial. The ceremony, which
was very private, was followed by a reception
ioi 200 people.
Major Frank Robinson and wife of San Fran
cisco have formed Chrises Rescue Home for
wayward girls. They expect to win by giving
the girls great liberty afier cure and by treat
ing them kindly while there.
At the Raiiroad Commissioners' meeting, it
was decided to temporarily postpone action
en a ui:iii.ixn system of railroad bookkeep
ing, pending information to arrive irom the
Interstate Commerce Commission..
William Robinson Whittier and Miss Eliza
beth Carroll were married yesterday at noon
at the residence of the br.de' r mother, corner
California street and Van No«s avenue. Arch
bishop Riordan performed the ceremony.
'The park committee of the old Grand Jury
yesterday made its promised report to the new
Grand Jury. The committee of the new Grand
Jury will be enlarged, ana a thorough inves
tigation of the charges of extravagance will be
made. 'S*M
.Chief Crowley addressed a letter yesterday
to the Chinese Consul that the explosion of
firecrackers during the Chinese New Year
would not be permitted, and any violators of
the law wouid be severely punished.
Two of the many burgiars who have re
cenily bteii working in the neighborhood of
tjie panhandle 01 the park, robbed the grocery
store of Hueppeden & Mueller, at Lott street
and Goldeu Gate avenue, of $291 90 yesterday
mcrning.
Society amateurs are preparing for a repre
sentation of Tom Robertson's comedy "Caste"
at the Bush-street Theater just before Lent
The proceeds are to be divided between the
children's Hospital and the bishop Armitage
Orphanage.
■r Anna, superintendent of the Maria
Kip Orphanage, has petitioned to be appointed
guardian of the following-named children:
J-eouie Lehman, May SophiA Wood, Sadie Gee,
Adolpha a:*d Matilda Muller, Mabel Molloy
Bnd Mary Margaret Lyone.
Edward B. Rambo of San Francisco has re
turned home from San Diego, where he as
sisted in the closing of a deal ior 120 acres of
laud on San Diego Bay, which, it is believed,
is to be used by a Union Pacific Railroad ex
ten.sion from Salt Lake and by a new trans-
Pacific steamship line
•Mr.s. Ida A. Hull of the Methodist Chinese
•en will retire the first of February from
. active reicue work. Mrs. Hull is well known,
haying been Identified with the rescue work
for four years. She will, however, continue to
teach in the mission. Miss K. Lake will take
up her work.
In Judge Hunt's court yesterday a jury gave
a verdict for the defendant in the case oi Os
mond J. Neilson against the Market-street
Railway Company. Neilson asked for $10,000
damages on account of i>eing injured by a Col
lision of a Btreetcar with a wagon in which he
was riding.
Mayor Phelan has addressed a note to the
Grand Jury, calling for an investigation of
certain allegations to the effect that Frank
y.KTiy, who held the contract for supplying
milk to the City and County Hospital under
the old Board of Supervisors, had offered to
bribe certain officials in order to secure a re
newal of the contract.
This evening the young people of Calvary
Presbyterian Church will entertain members
aud friends of theYonng Men's Christian Asso
ciation at the Association building, Mason and
Eliis streets, and have provided for the occa
sion a most interesting programme of mu?ic,
songs, readings, etc. Mrs. Priest-Fine, Mrs.
Sedgley-Reynolds, Walter Campbell, D. M. Law
rence, i'roiessor Burnett and F. Show will as
sist in the entertainment of the guests. All
friends of the institution are invited to attend.
The commission, consisting of Mayor Phelan,
Judge Beawell and Judge Low, to appoint in
terpreters for the criminal courts, met yester
day afternoon and partly completed the work
in hand. Louis Locke was appointed Chinese
interpreter, Dt. C. 1). balfleld German inter
preter, and Victor D. Martini Italian inter
preter. Carlo Dundero was a prominent can
didate for the position of interpreter of Italian,
but he waa barred out by being a resident of
Aiameda County. The interpreter of French
Spanish and other languages will probaDly be
appointed to-day.
IT WAS TOLD ON A
GOOSEBERRY BARREL
Story of a Burglary in
Hueppeden & Mueller's
Grocery.
French Maids and Other Ser
vants Gather Around in
Heartfelt Sympathy.
Two Clever Thieves Succeed in R fling
the Cashbcx of an Unsus
pecting German.
It was a cosmopolitan aggregation that
came and went all of yesterday to and
from Hueppeden & Mueller's grocery
store.
Something dreadful had happened, it
was quite evident, for the news of it had
spread for blocks around in an extraor
dinarily short space of time.
Burglars had visited ihe place; they
had stoleu money and things, and dear
Mr. Mueller, who was always so kind and
prompt in his attentions, might have
been murdered, perhaps, had he been
there when the thing occurred— but he
was not.
That did not lessen the sensation, how
ever, around Golden Gate avenue and
Lott street, where the popular grocery
store is located. It is a neighborhood of
private houses and of people comfortable
enough in their situation in life to have
French maids with dainty caps, Japanese
boys with clean aprons or smoothly
shaven Chinese servant?.
They were all aware of the calamity
that had befallen tbe grocers, and the
rain cut little figure with them in their
decision to call and hear all about it from
the victims themselves.
Hueppeden, the younger man of the
firm, was alone in the store when a Call
reporter dropped in, his partner (Mueller)
having gone to the police office to tell his
troubles. To state it more correctly, only
one of the firm was in the store, but he
was not alone. Around him, as he sat on
a gooseberry barrel, the head of which
threatened any moment to shift and let
him fall through, were three inquirinc:
friends, each with his share of sympathy
and a desire to hear the details of the af
fair in all its minuteness.
"C'est terrible! 1 ' exclaimed the pert Jittlo
French maid from the 1900 block, who
hugged under her gossamer the baby boy
she had no right to have taken out in the
ram, as she heard the sorrowful grocery
man's tale of woe.
"Yes, it was," echoed Hueppeden. catch
ing the clritt of her remark. "You see,"
he continued, while adjusting the barrel
head that had become more insecure as he
wiggled about so as to address his re
marks in turn to an Irish woman of huge
proportions, who insisted upon having
her inquiries answered even if her sleeves
were rolled up and she wore no French
cap.
"It was all the money in the house to
pay our bills this month. Just think, 291
dollars and 90 cents."
Hueppeden is a rather good-looking
man on the sunny side of thirty-five. He
is possessed, too, with a magnetic way of
imparting his feelings as he addresses a
person, even if it is with tbe strong dia
lect of a German who comprehends better
than he speaks the English language,
His polit* attentions to the French maid,
offering her a cracker- box on which to sit,
and his pulling out a 100-pound sack full
of potatoes, on which he proposed to have
the Hibernian visitor rest herself while
they listened to his story, showed he
understood the delicate little attentions
pleasing to the other sex, and the de
meanor of both women indicated their
appreciation of his eallantry.
"Merci bien, monsieur," warbled the
maid.
"Mercy, too, says I," uttered the ma
tron; "peddlers are bad enough around
our place, without *mch things as buglars."
After serving a Japanese lad with some
small order, Hueppeden returned to his
barrel head, and bis late customer joined
the quiet little giri-servant who had been
standing all the while listening, wide of
mouth, to the horrible details of the
burglary.
As he sat there on a throne as insecure
as many others less pretentious, the grocer
strung ont bis yarn in an interminable
fashion. The froth had melted off the
growler an urchin bad had tilled in a
hurry a half hour previous for his thirsty
father, and the clocfc ticked wearily as
tne audience drank in repeated doses of
the same story, forgetting in their interest
their duties to their employers.
"There was a little fellow, just so
small," said Hueppeden, illustrating the
height by putting his hand to the chin of
the lady seated on the potato sack, she
reddening as in pleasure she had been se
lected and theretore became part of the
thrilling story.
"He came here about 9 o'clock yester
day morning and bought ten cents' worth
of wine. Then he went out by the back
way and called me to ask whether Dr.
Girisy lived down the street. He talked
with me for five minutes, and some other
fellow came in from the front and ran
away with the cashbox under the
counter."
This tale of woe was repeated hundreds
of times yesterday and the gang of burg
lars who have infested that portion of this
City near the panhandle of the park will
have to carry strone "jimmies" hereafter if
they hope to crack any houses in that
neighborhood, for there will be no more
doors careiesslv left open.
SUICIDE OF A CLERK.
Angus McMillan Become! Despondent
and X urns on the Gas.
Angus McMillan, a clerk, about 30 years
of age, committed suicide in bis room at
160 Ninth street by inhaling illumiuating
gas either Tuesday evening or yesterday
morning. His Dody was discovered at 6
.o'clock by J. McDonald, owner of the
house in which the young man took his
life. Both gas jets were turned on and
the body was rigid, showing that death
had taken place some hours before.
From papers found on the body it was
learned that the suicide had been em
ployed, ud to a iew months ago, as a clerk
in a St. Helena grocery-store. He leit
that position and came to this City, but
was unable to secure employment. It is
thought that owing to this fact he became
despondent, and deciding that life was
not worth the living killed himself.
Kevival Meetings.
The opening service of a special series of re
vival services was held at Simpson Memorial
Methodist Episcopal Church Monday evening,
which gives promise of developing into the
greatest religious awakening ever experienced
in that section of the City. Dr. Urmy, pastor
of tne First Church, preached a sermon on the
power of the Holy Spirit, and so moved the
people that many went to the altar. The Ep
worth League is out in force assisting in the
services These meetings will be under the
direction of Drts. Phelps, Urmy and Stephens,
who have combined for an extended series of
meetings at the three churches represented.
Dr. Phelps of California-street Church preached
last evening. _
Furniture Company Incorporated.
Article* of incorporation of the Kragen Fur
niture Company were filed yesterday. The
Incorporate! 1 * are Samuel Kragen, Louis Kra
gen, Moses Garren, B. Kragen and Rachael
Kragen. The capital stock is limited to $ 100,
--000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1897.
The German Ship Watjcn Flew Her Flags Yesterday. She Was Decorated in Honor of the Thirty-
Seventh Birthday of Emperor William and the Captain Kept "Open House n in Consequence.
THE DOCTOR AND
THE DETECTIVE
Opposite Opinions as to What
Caused Nordhausen's
Death.
Doctor Taylor Says the Man
Cou'd Not Have Shot
Himself.
Detective Whittaker Says ths Evi
dence All Shov3 That
He Did.
The mystery surrounding the death of
C. C. Nordhausen. the wealthy dry-goods
merchant of Oakland, has been intensi
fied by the result of the autopsy upon the
body.
Ex-Coroner Dr. Taylor, who was tbe first
physician called to attend Nordbausen,
and Autopsy Surgeon Morgan performed
the autopsy yesterday afternoon and came
to the conclusion that the man was mur
dered and that the case was not that of a
suicide.
The fatal bullet entered the left breast,
and ranged downward until it struck one
ofthexibs. This bone turned the course
of the bullet inward and the leaden pellet
passed through the lung and lodged in the
back.
The doctors are satisfied that the bullet
was never fired by Nordhausen. The
weapon was discharged when the man
was lying on his side, and wa3 held either
over his shoulder or' at an angle with the
stock or handle considerably elevated.
A careful examination was made of the
raggea cut or wound in the forehead.
Nordhausen stated that it was caused by
a fall, but the physicians are convinced
that it was produced by a blow from a
blunt instrument. The edges were ragged
and bruised, and while the skull was not
fractured there was a clot of blood on the
brain under the wound.
Detective Ross \\ tiitaker, who has been
steadily working on the case, differs en
tirely from the opinion of Drs. Taylorand
Morgan, and from his investigations he
has no hesitation in saying that Nord
hausen shot himself.
Yesterday he procared the bullet that
was extracted from Nordhausen's bo ly at
St. Luke's Hospital and it tits exactly ihe
exploded sbell in the revolver that" was
found in Nordhausen's room in the Bald
win Hotel, and the sbell is an exact coun
terpart of the other four in the pistol.
The pistol was identified as Nordhausen's
by J. Heeseman, his nephew.
That is one reason why Whitaker scouts
the idea of murder. Another Is that the
necktie worn by Nordhausen is burned
and shows where the builet went through
it. The revolver is ono of the most diffi
cult to pull, and the presumption is that
to enable him to pull the trigger he had to
hold it at an angle, which would account
for the course of the bullet.
Besides there are the statements made
by Nordhausen before his death to differ
ent people that. he shot himself. First to
Manager Lake of the Baldwin Hotel, then
to the doctors at St. Luke's Hospital, to
Heeseman, his nephew, and to others.
The last person he talked to on the sub
ject was Robert Durat, steward at the
nospital. In answer to Durst's question
he said "1 shot myself.' 1
"What for?" asked Durst.
||"It was an accident," curtly replied
Nordhausen.
He was also asked about his watch and
chain and he replied, "Never mind about
that. It doesn't amount to anything.
That's all right."
••There is no woman in the case," said
Whitaker last night. "Of that 1 feel as
sured. No woman was seen going in or
out of his room during the time he was at
the Baldwin. From the time he regis
tered at the Baldwin till six or eight hours
before he rang for the bellboy Monday
morning he had been drinking whisky
and abs» nthe. He was never known to be
a drinking man, and drinking to excess as
he was while at the Baldwin might have
had something to do with the shooting.
"The cut on bis forehead may have been
caused by a fail or he might hare got
mixed up in a scrap, but that had nothing
whatever to do with his death."
The friends of the deceased scout tbe
idea of his going off on a spree, They
think that he fell in with some thugs who
found his soft spot was Randsburg, and
in his enthusiasm over tbe subject he
failed to detect their character and that
they got him out, drugged, robbed and
murdered him. It is possible that when
assaulted he attempted to use his pistol.
He was an extremely sensitive man and
was just the person who would seek to
hide the mortifying circumstances of such
an event to the very last.
The deceased was worth about $100,000.
In addition to one-half interest in the
Reliance building he owns some real
estate in West Oakland, and also has re
cently made an investment in Randsburg,
the value of which is not known. He is
also the owner of some stock of unknown
value.
The funeral was arranged to-day to be
held Friday aftefnoon, but in view of the
developments this may be changed.
EMPEROR WILLIAM
WAS REMEMBERED
His Subjects Made a Gal
lant Display on the
Front.
In Spite of the Rain the Watj.'n
Was Gayly Decorated
With Flags.
Commissioner Cole's Nime May Not
Appear in the Archives of the
Ferry Depot.
The birthday of Emperor William of
Germany wa^ celebrated on the water
front yesterday. Among the vesisels that
were decorated was the C. H. Watjen.
Although some of the stevedores were at
work, nevertheless not a man in the
ship's crew did a nand's turn. All on
board had a holiday and a regular holi
day dinner. The bill of fare, both fore
and aft, was the same, and every seaman
fared as well as the captain. After dinner
the health of Emperor William was arunk
in gin punches.
.Emperor William Is 37 years old, and
the Watjen is only one of the many ves
sels in the German mercantile marine
that celebrated his nativity. The Watjen
is 8 years old, and during that time not a
desertion has taken place. Daring his
career as master Captain Breming has
yet to find the man who wanted to leave
the C. H. W'atjen of his own accord.
The master has been trading to Cali
fornia bince 1874, and every year the vessel
has been in commission the crew has
never failed to assemble on January 27
and cive three cheers for the Emperor.
"Rates are so low," said Captain Biem
ing, ''that I will have to lay up. I offered
to pay my men off, but not one of them
would leave the ship. They agreed to ac
cept any terms I might offer, but insisted
on staying by the Watjen. Nearly all
have been on her for years and all look
upon her as a home.
Among the crew of the Watjen are the
sons of three German millionaires. Their
fathers sent the lads to sea sooner than
have them run away from home. One of
them is the son of one of the heaii men in
the North German Lloyds Steamship Com
pany ; another is the only son and heir of
the owner of twenty fashing steamers,
while the third is the prospective heir to a
baronetcy.
The Harbor Commissioners are in a
quandary.jln a few days the laying of "the
first stone" in the building will be a
necesity. The Risdon Iron Works has
faithfully performed xts part of the work,
and ail the iron work thot the contract
calls for has been put up. The corner
stone is also ready, but there is no stone
with which to continue the work. Agents
of the company have been applied to. but
they can give no definite answer, and the
chances are that weeks may elapse before
the foundation can be commenced.
In the meantime the cornerstone has
been made, and on it is the name of Har
bor Commissioner Cole. The latter goes
out of office next March, and should a
successor be appointed the beautiful Dlock
of marble will have be be defaced and the
name of the new Commissioner chiseled
in.
Another of the disengaged fleet will pull
op her anchor and depart for new quarters
within a few days. The Hiawatha will
leave in ballast for Newcastle, N.
S. W., to load coal for San Fran
cisco. The coal rate from Australia is
only about 15 cents less than that from
San Francisco to Europe, so many owners
figure that it is cheaper to send a vessel to
Newcastle, N. S. W., and there load coal
for this port again than to tie the vessel
np. Favorable winds would bring the
ship back herein time for next season's
shipments of wheat, and in that event the
owners would make expenses and have a,
chance for a profitable year's work at the
end of the run to Europe.
The sealing schooner Kate and Ann is
at anchor in Drakes Bay. Captein Frank
Morrow came to port in order to get a new
boat-steerer for one of the crewß. Boat
steerer Cowen was taken sick while out on
a hunt and, gradually growing worse, the
men had to put him back aboard the
schooner. Captain Morrow saw that the
man was very sick, so he ran for Drakes
Bay, where the sick man and the captain
were landed. Cowen was given medical
attendance and Captain Morrow came to
San Francisco to secure another boat
steerer.
When the Kate and Ann headed for
Drakes Bay Hunter Dan Clausen and a
couple of men were out at sea chasing
seals. Clausen had only been married a
few days before the vessel sailed, and
when he saw the schooner heading for
shore and the steamer Arcata headed for
San Francisco he decided to make for
home. He reached here Tuesday, ana will
leave here this morning again with Cap
tain Morrow and Jack Lee for Drakes Bay
to rejoin the sealer. Lee will take the
place of Cowen, who is now on his way to
San Francisco.
Hypnotic Inst., treatint, teaching, 6 o' F&rrell.*
WAS WILLING TO
PAY FOR FAVORS
Supervisor Dodge Receives
a Visit From a
Milkman.
A Renewal of His Hospital
Contract Worth $1000
to Him.
Was Fr<e With His Money Among
City Officials— The Grand Jury
Will Investigate.
Mayor Phelan has addressed a com
munication to Chairman Peixotto of the
Grand Jury calling attention to charges
of attempted bribery which have been
made against Frank Maity, the milkman
who had the contract under the old Board
of Supervisors! >• supplying milt to the
City and County Hospital. The allega
tion as stated in the Mayor's communica
tion is that Marty approached Dr. Wash
ington Dodge, chairman of the Hospital
Committee of the present Board of Super
visors, and certain officers in charge of
public institutions, with a view of cor
ruptly obtaining a renewal of the contract
for supplying milk to the hospital.
Mayor Pheian also calls attention to the
report of the expert, W. D. Griffin, of the
Board of Health, "in which serious alle
gations are made involving fraudulent
contracts to deliver goods and to perform
work."
The Mayor volunteers, when the jury
shall undertake the investigation, to lay
before it certain information that is in his
possession. What that information ia he
refuses to state.
A morning paper is authority for the
statement that Milkman Marty sent a
friend to Dr. Dodtte to give him to under
stand that if the contract were given
again to Marty he (Marty) "would make
it all right" with the doctor. The doctor
refused to listen to such overtures, but a
few days later Marty himself appeared
before Dr. Dodge and in so many words
offered him $1000 as a present if he would
give him the contract for supplying milk
to the Almshouse and City and County
Hospital.
The story went on to say that when
Marty did not get the contract in spite ot°
this inducement he went to Superintend
ent Reddy of the Almshou«e and offered
to give him a regular stated sum of $40 a
month and Ed McClung, the clerk, $20 a
month if by the use of their influence be,
Marty, got tbe contract.
As to the truth of all this Dr. Dodge
will not speak. He said last evening that
it was farthest from his mind to make
any complaint before the Grand Jury
against a "poor devil of a milkman whose
head I myself cut off." The whole mat
ter was extremely annoying to him, he
said, as he had no desire to pose as "Mr.
Honesty come to town."
Colonel McClung being interviewed, said
that there was no tintn in the statement
as to Marty having offered him any money
to recover to him the contract. He said
that shortly after Captain Reddy became
superintendent Marty had offered him a
piece of money as a present and quite as a
matter of course. He seemed to think it
was all right to do bo. There was no con
sideration offered. Captain Reddy de
clined the gift, saying that he (Marty) was
mistaken in the man he had to deal with.
Shortly after that Marty offered him,
McClung, a $5 gold piece in the same
way, wnich, in the same way, was de
clined. There the matter had ended,
Marty appearing quite surprised at en
countering people who refused money
when offered to them. Colonel McClung
said he thought the Dr. Dodge incident
a ltogether likely to have occurred as re
lated.
As Mayor Phelan bas brought the
matter to tt:e attention of the Grand Jury
an investigation will of course be made,
and it is expected that a great deal of
other information along these same lines
will be developed.
There are delivered to the Almshouse
thirty-five cans of milk per day, three
gallons to the can, at 50 cents per can;
there are delivered to the City and County
Hospital twenty-five cans, making sixty
cans or $30 per day — over $900 a month.
This is quite a contract in milk, and
deaiers say that the rate of a fraction
above 4 cents a quart in such quantities
is quite profitable.
Joe King was the chairman of the Hos
pital Committee of the old board, and it
was he who awarded the pontract to
Marty. The price was reduced by Marty
at that time from 60 to 50 cents a can.
King declares that tie "received no $1000
for the contract, either."
Only Hit Kxaimner Story.
Yesterday morning the Examiner printed a
story to 'he effect that Dr. A. H. Glannini and
Dr. Howard Morrow had been dumped out of
a buggy, and that Dr. Glannini . had j his foot
crushed and was confined to his bed. As usual
the story was incorrect. Dr. Giannini says he
was not even out riding with Morrow or any
one else and was not hurt. It was only "an
other Examiner yarn."
JANITORS' HEADS
ALMOST CUT OFF
School Directors Attempt
to Repay Political
Favors.
Strenuous Efforts to Practice
Economy in the De
partment.
i
i
The Substitute Teachers' Salaries
Discussed — Many Changes
Recommended.
For nearly three and a half hours last
night the new Board of Education re
solved, amended, argued and made
speeches to the gallery. The first oppor
tunity to make a speech was when the
roll was being called. Director Head in
terrupted by saying:
"I object to the calling of the name of
Dr. D. P. Ragan as a Director of this
board. His right to sit in the delibera
tions of this body is in doubt. At the last
election R. H. Webster was elected Super
intendent of Public Schools. He pre
sented himself for recognition as such,
but his demand for his rights was over
looked and he was obliged to appeal to
the courts, and his case is now in court.
"While the matter stands thus Mr. Bab
cock has no right to act as Superintend
ent de facto and appoint any one to fill
vacancies in the board while his own posi
tion is in question. Therefore, I protest and
ask that Dr. Racan's name be not read, in
tne rollcali."
Chairman Barrington ruled that Mr.
Head's protest was out of order.
One of the principal features of the
evening was a report presented by the
Committee on Janitors, which consists of
Directors Gallagher, Burns and Drucker.
In brief it provided for the dismissal of a
dozen or more women who have been en
gaged in the menial task of keeping the
school buildings tidy, and read as follows:
Resolved, That the following janitors be ap
pointed vice those removed: A. Gault, Poly
technic High School, vice Mrs. Moore; William
Hugh, Rlncon Grammar School, vice Mrs. H.
Heapy; John E. Owen«, Spring Valley Gram
mar, vice A. Ascher; James Cavanagb, Le
Conte Primary, vice Mrs. 8. Gordon;
Mrs. Burns, Douglas Primary, vice Mrs.
R. Breen; P. J. Sullivan, Hamilton
i Grammar, vice Mrs. B. Ross; Catherine
Maguire, Agassiz Primary, vice Mrs, B. Hoff
man; Mrs. Lawton, Crocker Grammar, vice
Mrs. H. A. McAllister; Mrs. Klynn, Girls' Hieh
School, vice Mrs. F. Letts; Mrs. Mahoney, Edi
son Primary, vice Mrs. H. iiomm; John Kear
ney, Longieltow Primary, vice Mrs. M. Clyne;
M.'iliues, Sau Francisco Normal, vice Mrs. 11.
Hanwigsen; A. Ascfaer, Hancock Grammar,
vice Mrs. B. Manning: Mrs. McAuliffe, Whit
tier Primary, vice Mrs. M. Lynch.
This brought Director Head to bis feet,
and pointing to the recommendation of
the committee, he said: 'This is the re
ward for political services. In order to
provide places for big buriy political heei
ers who have done work at the polls and
elsewhere this committee proposes to
throw out upon the cold charity of the
world these women, many of whom are
widows and have little children to support.
1 protest against this board taking such a
step and placing itself on record in any
such manner. No board in the past lias
dared to take such action.''
Mr. Head staled that, in the first place,
he objected to voting on the whole resolu
tion, in which the fate of nearly fifteen
widows was involved, and he called for
each change to be taken up and voted
upon separately. There was a fight against
this course, but it carried. As a result
only three changes were made, and they
were the appointments of John E. Owens,
Catherine Maguire and Mrs. Mahoney.
Directors Bantel, Burns, Gallagher and
Raeran voted solidly ior the appointments
as recommended by the committee.
Director Waller submitted a detailed
statement of actual receipts and expendi
tures from July 1, 1896, to January 1, 1897,
showing a deficit, on the basis of the full
allowance of half of the appropriation, on
January 1, 1897, amounting to $36,865 05.
Adding in the half of teachers' salaries
for November yet due the total deficit on
January 1, 1897, was $74,838 15. He also
submitted a statement of estimated ex
penditures and available funds from Janu
ary 1, 1897, to July 1, 1897, based on actual
ana estimated receipts, showing a total
deficit July 1, 1897, of $124,746 20.
Another long argument having economy
as its basis was called forth by a report in
relation to cutting off the pay of the sub
stitnte teachers, which was as follows:
Your special committee, consisting of Direc
tors Ragau, Head, Derham and Superintend
ent BabcocK, to whom was referred the resolu
tions offered by Director Waller that the un
assigned teachers now doing substitute duty
be added to the day substitute class, and the
suspension of the substitute list below the
number thirty beg leave to report that it has
carefully considered the subject maHer and
reports favorably on the resolution that the
unassigned teachers be placed at the
head of the substitute list and that they be
assigned to the first vacancies in the depart
ment and that it is the sense of the committee
that the substitute list as it now stands is re
quired for the needs of the department and
it is opposed to the suspension of any of the
substitute class.
Tbe resolution was adopted.
P. M. Nolan, chairman of the City Board
of Examination, made the following rec
ommendations:
That Miss Henrietta E. CarviUe be granted a
grammar grade certificate on her California
life diploma of the grammar grade.
That Mrs. Sadie Garvin be granted a gram
mar grade certificate on her California life
diploma of tne grammar prade.
That Mi»s Mai Mead Galloway be granted a
grammar grade certificate on her life diploma
of graduation from the San Francisco Normal
class.
That Mrs. Annie McCone Callwell be granted
a grammar-grade certificate on her diploma of
graduation from the San Francisco normal
class.
That Miss Erne F. Grant be granted a gram
mar-grade certificate on her diploma of gradu
ation from the California State Normal school
located at Chico.
That a special bookkeeping certificate of
Miss Maggie McDonald be renewed.
That Miss Louise H. Krauss be recommended
to the State Board oi Education for a State
educational diploma of the grammar grade.
The report was adopted.
The Committee on Classification made
the following recommendations:
That Miss Alice E. Lynch of the Hirst Gram
mar School be transferred to the Webster
Primary School; that Miss F. L. Soule of the
unaßsigned list of teacaers be assigned to
the Hirst Grammar School; that Miss
F. A. Gilmoro De assigned to the charge
of the class of Miss Cora Gallagher of the
Everett Grammar School, now on leave of ab
sence: that Mrs. Irene Reeves and Miss Henri
etta C. Byrne be appointed High School
substitutes, to be paid only for act*
ual services rendered; that six type
machine typewriters be transferred
from the Polyclinic High School to the Mission
High School; that Miss L. R. Pettigrew of the
uuassigned list of teachers be assigned to the
Third Grade class of the Emerson School;
that Miss Emily Hartrick be trans
ferred from the evening substitute list to
the unassigned day list; that Mrs. L. A. Rich
HEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.'
AL A7AR I T °- NiaHT
ItmMfaHll 1 TO-NIGHT
-TUB G ft AT LAUGHING COMEDY,
••ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME."
■) If you feel depressed, see it ! ■ . . v. .'-
It l« the best cure tor the blues
All doctors say it is a nerve bracer!
HUGO TOLAS D, - - "w. J. B." POLK
And All the Favorites
Prices — 15c, 85c, 35n and 50a.
i H .f none lor seats— Ulnae 991,
KEY TO- DAT! ,\",
I That Pleasing I
I Paralyzing Pie!
i - ■ -*•■ §
jj> How good it looks! How j
{') good it is! " And how it ]!
] h hurts. Why not look into the <i [
j| question of Pill after Pie? <jj
i| Eat your pie and take Ayer's Sj>
1 1) Pills after, and pie will please <<[
<l and not paralyze. ( t >
I AVER'S . I
I Cathartic Pills :
!;j CURE DYSPEPSIA. |
be transferred from the unassigned day sub
stitute list to the unassigned evening school
substitute list.
The recommendations were adopted.
The Committee on Rules recommended
that the March vacation be postponed
three weeks to correspond with the car
nival week; also that permission be
granted to the young ladies of the Girls'
High School to have an entertainment
for the benefit of their school library.
The same committee also recommended
that leave of absence be gran tea to the fol
lowing teachers: Miss Cora Gallagher,
Everett School, from January 25 to March
1; to Miss J. S. Wolf, Everett School, from
February Ito June 1. Granted.
No definite action was taken relative to
closing the schools for a month on ac
count of a shortage in the teachers' salary
fund.
SEW TO-DAY.
The use of tea in the
United States has fallen off
one-half in twenty years,
because Americans get the
worst tea in the world.
People who can get Schil-
ling* s Best to drink use more
tea than they used to.
Your grocer has it or can
get it.
A Schilling ft Company
San Frair - '='"A r " <>
KET TO-DAT- AMUSEMENTS.
TROLAnfItHGOTTIOD * €?• a.id rvuiAOUi
FOR THE FUN OF IT '
COME, SEE GREAT CROWDS.
=THE DEVIL'S AUCTIONS
Complete Change of all Features. Ballets, Spe-
cialties. Costuming and Effects. First Presenta-
tion in this City of the new Pantomimic Episode,
"THE BIKE C'KAZE."
kte:xt moktdat* —
THIRD ANNUAL REVIEWI
That Famously Funny Farce,
"THE PRODIGAL FATHERI"
More or Less Up to Date. All New Features.
The Greatest Mirth-Pro Farce-Comedy
Ever Written.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlHaYMak it Co. (Incorporated) Proprtatari
ONLY 9 NIGHTS MORE.
MOT33"ESK.A
Assisted by the Sterling Actor, Mr.
JOSEPH HAWORTH
TO-NIGHT, FRIDAY NIGHT AND
SATURDAY MATI.MSE.
Suderniaun-'.? Great Play,
" :m^gkd.a_"
Saturday' Evening, "MARY STUART."
Next week— Monday, Tuesday and Saturday
nights, "MACBETH."
Thursday, Feb. 4, by universal request, "ADRI-
ENiNB LECOUVRKUK."
Evening, 25c to $1 50: Matinee, Entire Dress
Circle, $1; Balcony, 50c and 75c. heats now
selling for all performances. /
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSS
US!t.KKK>STiNi£ Kbeltka. Proprietor ixMuijiC
THIS BVBNINCr—
Wallace's Ballad Opera,
"MARITANA!"
— GREAT CAST!
Correct Costumes! Beautiful Scenery I
Beginning fcxt Saturday. January 30,
- Seats Now on Sale.
OUR UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THE WOSDKKFUL LAMP.
A Hodge-Podge of
Mirth, Music, Ballet and Beauty.
Popular Prices.....' 25c and 500
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAiViEK MOROCCO.. .soIa Lessee and Man»;»:
FUN— EXCITEMENT FUN
Initial Production on the Pacific Coast of
"ORPHANS OF NEW YORK!"
A Sensational -Comedy Drama of Ufa
in a Big City.
2 BIG FIRE SCENES 3
Splendid Scenery! Strengthened Cast!
Many Funny Specialties 1
£v«nln? Prices— inc. *i!»c itnil %"»3.
Matinees Saturday and Snnday.
•7 THE FRANTZ FAMILY "7
The Most wonderful Acrobats on Earth.
ALCIDE CAPITA I NE, the Female Sandow.
BESSIK CLAYTON
The Renowned "Back-Kick" Dancer,
AND GKiSAT OLIO OF NOVKLTIKS!
Keserved seats. M* Balcony, 10c; Open- chain
and box-seats, 50c ghfOTMj
SPECIAL!— by telephone will be
answered until 8 o'clock every evening.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(INGLESIDE TRACK),
The only Perfect Winter Racetrack in America.
RAW «a§feg RACING
Racing From Monday, Jan. 25. to Satur-
day, February 0, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST RACE AT 3 P.M.
'Take Southern Pacific train at Third and
Townsend sts. depot, leaving at 1 aad 1 :2O p. v.
Fare for Round Trip, including ■ Ad-
mission to Grounds, SI. OO. . .
Take Misslon-st. electric line direct to tract.
The Tarpey Stakes Saturday, January 30.
The Hobart Stakes Saturday, February 6.
a. B.»PJttECK.ELS, president
W. 8. Lkakk, Secretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily. From 7 A.M. to 6 i*. M.
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing, Including Ad mission— Adults
. Me, Children 3Oc.
General Admission, 10c; CUildreu, fin.
7
I
••8
TEACHERS AND CONTRACTORS
MAY SUE FOR THEIR BILLS
Ex-President Hyde Says the Auditor Must Pay
Claims.
HE SCORES TWO BOARDS
Says the Last Two Bodies Have
Been Extravagant and
Arbitrary.
CANNOT DIVIDE SCHOOL FUND
The Ex-School Director and Attor
ney Says Mandamus Would 6a
Against the Auditor.
There has been considerable interest in
the status of the public school funds for
several weeks owing to Auditor Brod
erick's statement that there are no avail
able assets with which to pay teachers
their current salaries.
Auditor Broderick's statement seems to
confirm the estimate of Chairman Wal-
Jer of the Finance Committee of the
Board of Education, to the effect that the
department is confronted with a deficit of
about $90,000.
F. A. Hyde, ex president of various
boards of education, has entered the field
as a disputant of nearly all the facts
alleged by Chairman Waller and Auditor
Broderbk,
That the case may appear clear to the
taxpayer, it is well to recur to Auditor
Broderick's figures. His statement ot
the condition of the finances of the de
partment is contained in the following
table:
Appropriation for 1896-97 *1,000.010 00
>or Mission Hieh School 200,000 00
Balance from 1&96-96 41,277 2o
Total $1,VJ41,'277 2b
Audited for six month* to December
31, 1898 560, 51 08
Allowed under onp- twelfth act $5:<O.OoO 00
tmrpluifrom 1895-96 41,377 25
Total amount available to De
cember 31, 1896 $541,277 25
TpUUamouut audited 660,161 08
Overdraft for the last half of tbe
fiscal year $18,873 85
Bills on hand not audited 17,959 12
i.stniiate for teachers' salaries for
January 74,000 00
Estimate for office, shop, janit rs
ana rents 5.582 50 i
Total estimated expenses for
January $116,415 47 |
Allowance of the one-twelfth net for
January 84.333 33
Estimated overdraft end of Jan. 48. .082 14
Allowed for Mission HUh 5ch001... ~5200,006~00
Audited $52.MX) 00
Uii hand not audited... 4,443 45— $56.943 45
Balance $143,056 55
The chief contest in which the Dublic
is concerned is that between the chairman
of the present Finance Committee and the
chairman of the same committee of a for
mer board. The Auditor's statement
seems to confirm the estimate ot Director
Wailer, but F. A. Hyde, former presi
dent of various boards, has different ideas.
In an interview wnh Thb Call yesterday
he said:
The fact Is that none of the figures are cor
rect. The claim of ex-Director Hawley that
there is no deficiency is correct, but his fig
ures in support or the proposition are absurd.
The figures of Waller and Auditor Brodenck
are correct, but they do not support their con
clusions that there is a deficit. The Auditor's
error, which has been accepted by the present
and past Boards of Education, is in settin •
aside the sum of $200,000 for the Mission
High School, as a separate fund, not to be
trenched upon except lor that purpose. It it
true that the Board ot Supervisors assumed to
do this, but there is no authority of law there
for. There is put one school fund, and if the
Supervisors can say that $200,000, or any
sum, shall be spent for the erection of a High
School they cau Bay how much the directors
shall spend for slate-pencils, or carpenter
work, or salaries.
The uchool Directors themselves have no
power to divide the school fund. The fund is
responsible for bills of any character in the
order of presentation. The late board re
tained a half month's salary from the teach
ers. The money was in the treasury to pay
them and they were entitled to their money.
I understand that the Auditor has declined to
approve some of the bills contracted by the
late board. In my opinion he has no right to
do it, and if the contractors know their rights
they will get their money before it is used lor
other purposes. Tbe shortage will become ap
parent when the contractors for tbe Mission
High School apply for their money, but as
their demands will not mature during this
fiscal year, there seems to be no reason why
the teachers should not be paid their full
salaries.
While it is true the last Board of
Education employed a great many un
necessary teachers, that is no reason
why ail of them should foot the bills.
But, if the present board refuses to pay the
teachers iheir half-month's salary, which was
withheld by the late board, they can collect it
by law. The same is true of the contractors.
The Auditor must know, for he has been in
office long enough to know, that he has no
right to withhold the payment of any bills
approved by the Board of Educatiou—pro
vided the one-twelfth act is not violated.
The Hoard of Supervisors appropriated
$1,200,000. If, in that appropriation, it was
stated that $200,000 was lor building a Mis
sion High Srhool tuat was only advisory. If,
lollowing out that advice, the Board of Educa
tion chose not to spend the $200,000 for other
Surposes, it could appropriate it to tne Mission
jgh School; but, it the directors contracted
indebtedness in excess of $1,000,000 then the
surplus must come out of the $200,000 fund.
In fact there is but one iund. The Auditor
says that there is at present »n overdraft on
the funds of the department of $36,833 96. In
this deficit he does not include the $200,000
of which $100,000 is to the credit of the fund
up to the first of this January, and it leaves.
Instead of a deficit, a considerable fund car
ried over.
It is undoubtedly true that the late board
bought supplies and contracted obligations
that were unnecessary and extravagant, but
that Is no reason why those who have parted
with their goods or furnished labor and mate
rial should not receive their money. They
made their contracts with the Board of Educa
tion, and iheir bills huve been presented and
approved. 1 thiuk that the Auditor knows too
much law to refuse to pay them if they give
him to understand that their claims will be
eniorct'd through the courts.
I see no necessity lor closing the schools, nor
for the teachers losing any portion of their
salaries for the present fiscal year.
THE SEWER BOND ISSUE.
Ki-M»yor Ellert < hinkn That Sewers
Can Be Provided Without Bond*.
Ex-Mayor Ellert says that he believes
that a sewer system can be provided for
dan Francisco without a bond issue, by
providing it gradually. He has long been
of this opinion.
"We were on the right track to accom
plish that when we had the Sewerage
Commission, consisting of Colonel G. H.
Mendell, Professor Davidson, Irving M.
Scott, Marsden Man son and C. £. Gran
sky. Bat the politicians got away with
that commission, although I did not
think when the Commissioners were ap
pointed that they would dare to do that.
After that experience, it is doubtful if an
other commission could be appointed on
the same general plan.
•*Tue resolution adopted by the Board
of Supervisors calling upon the San Fran
cisco delegation at Sacramento to work
for an act enabling the Supervisors to
submit the question of bonding the City
and County to the people may result in
trying that question out. I bave never
been in .favor of running the City and
County into debt and am opposed to it
now. Still the question will be settled by
the majority if it is submitted, and if the
majority want bonds they will have
them."
PSO&KESS ON SIXTH.
That Street to Have Electric-Cars and
Bitumen.
The merchants on Sixth street are by no
means satisfied with the partial improve
ment bo far made on that street by the
illumination lately added to its attractive
ness.
The prime movers in the improvement
of this street are: H. Wolf, J. F. Swee
ney, L. V. Merle, H. Alsbach, S. Rosen
thai, W. Marks, H. H. Plant and W. A.
Etting. These gentlemen with others will
institute a crusade against the cobbles on
the street, in favor of bitumen. They
will also agitate tor a better car service.
"We want," said H. Wolf, " a line of
cars that will connect us with South San
Francisco by giving transfers at Third and
Townsend at that end of the line, and
also to Market and the cars running to
the Western Addition.
"As far as the City Front and North
Beach is concerned, we understand that
the idea of the Market-street Railroad
Company is to cross Market, go up Taylor
as far as Bush and run down that street
as far as Kearny. wnere it already has a
track that connects with Montgomery and
Sansome. Once there it can run over its
present route to the ferries and up Jack
son to Kearny, where it can transfer to
the cars on that line to the Beach.
"The only thing, as we understand it,
that stops this scheme it that the fran
chise of the Suttar-street road is now be-
fore the Supreme Court wailing for a de
cision. Then we expect to see a move
ment made in this direction."
Tnese ideas of Mr. Wolf are shared by
others and a new era of prosperity is looked
to for the future of Sixth street.
At the next meeting of tbe club all the
real estate owner* will be invited to be
present and to join the club. For, as the
merchants express it, what will benefit
the tenant must assuredly benefit the
property-owners.
Tne following new members were added
to the roll at the meeting on Tuesday
night:
I. S. Cohen, Marks Bros., John F. Sweeney,
L. A. Devoto, Gus Jacobs, Louis Rubenstein, O.
J. Meads, H. Wolf & Bro., Sehotnholz Bros. &
Co., D. Davidson, J. W. Reilly, J. M. Sweeuey,
J. Gregory, M. Gianotti, W. T. Carlson, A. La
Vallee, J. Fiaton &. Co., John B.lMoCioskey. 11.
H. Plants. W. A. Pratt, A. Neumann, H. Erlich,
Owens <fc Starr, C. B. Poor, Bennett Bros., S.
Rosenthal, James A. Sorensen, M^ore it Sons,
L. V. Merle, C. Krie^er, George A. Root, Mrs.
H. Jacobs, W. A. Etting, J. K. Sraitn, Bon
Bros., Gosselk Bros., P. Fianigaii, E. Eisenbertr.
T. F. Dugan, Wright & Gaw, Leon D. Stone &
Co., P. E. Neumau, High. and Buaer Company,
Me--er Bros., Dan Coleuian, Jelich & Woolieh,
S. Kappka, C. W. Moller, New York Shoe Com
pany. A. Brady, Hughes & Lane, Janssen &.
Thiele.
BOOM IN DIVOECES.
Five Salts Filed Yesterday and Three
Separations Granted.
Ella V. Green baa been granted a di
vorce from R. W. Green on the ground of
extreme cruelty.
For extreme cruelty Christine May
hugh lias been given a divorce from
Charles ft. Mayhugl).
Mrs. Kate R. Austin has been granted a
divorce from David A. Austin on the
ground of desertion.
In the divorce suit of Grace Hamilton
against Walter J. Hamilton an order was
made by Judge Belcher yesterday dismiss
ing the action without prejudice to the
commencement of a new action.
Suits for divorce have been filed as fol
lows: Rebecca Fi9her against Will E.
Fisher, for cruelty ; Louise Molirat against
Clemence Molirat. for desertion; May
Ileindorf against Heinricu M. H. Hein
dorf, deseruon; Margaret, C. McKeany
against Andrew J. McKeany, for failure
to provide; Grace Hamilton against
Walter J. Hamilton, for cruelty.
FELL TO HIS DEATH.
A Chinese Plunges Down One
Hundred Feet in the
Palace HoteL
Tried to Get Into a Moving Elevator,
but He Slid Under It Into
the Sbait.
Chin Wah Sing, a Chinese housecleaner
employed in the Palace Hotel, fell down
an elevator shaft yesterday morning and
was killed. It was a shocking accident,
for the distance be fell was from the fifth
floor to the basement, something over 100
feet.
When the Coroner's deputies reached
the place they found Sing lying on a pile
of pipes. Scarcely a bone in his body
escaped unbroken: in fact, the man was
literally crushed by the^ force of the fall.
The accident occurred at the elevator on
the Annie-street side of the building, the
one chiefly used by the servants. The
cage stopped on the fifth floor, going up,
to allow James Casey, a carpenter, to
enter.
When the carpenter was safely inside
Joe Gi ills pie, who was in charge of the
elevator, closed the door. At thai moment
Sing ran to the elevator and seized the
door before! the latch caught, and tnrow
it open sprang for the ascending cage,
which was then about three feet above
the leve! of the floor. In doing so he
slipped and both feet went into the eleva
tor shaft under the car and the iorce of
the fall threw the Chinaman's body into
the shaft. A moment later there was a
sickening crash as the body of the man
landed on the iron pipes over 100 feet
below. From appearances the unfonun
ate fellow must have turned over com
pletely as he went down, for his head was
crashed out of all resemblance to that of a
human being.
Lecture on the Alps.
Professor S. M. Cross of the University of the
Pacific gave his fourth lecture in the Univer
sity extension course at the Young Men's
Christian Association. Mason and Ellis streets,
Monday night to a crowded house. The Jec
_ture was iuil of most interesting information
and incidents oi a trip of thirty days' atoot in
the Alps, a trip which the lecturer himself had.
made. There will be a lecture Tuesday even
ing at the same place on "Ancient Rome."
Marine Firemen.
■ At a regular meeting of the Pacific Coast
Marine Firemen's Union, held. last night, the
following elected officers were installed for
1897: Bert Stebbins, president; J. McKewen,
vice-president; J. Nomalie, second vice-presi
dent; T. Collevin; third, vice-president;; B.
Ward, financial secretary and business mana
ger; William McMutlin, recording secretary;
John Dougherty, treasurer; Andy McMahan,
J. Friel, D. Eeddy, trustees.
;■ - — - — '«'« ♦ '■"- '-■> - :
. Hypnotic lust., 6 OTarrell, teach, treat. -:'•.;-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1897.
The Two Desperate Prisoners Who Trusted r to the Water Rather
Than to the Deputy Sheriff.
LAST CHANCE FOR
THEIR LIBERTY
Two Manacled Prisoners
Attempt to Swim
Ashore.
They Are Supposed to Be the
Highwaymen Wanted in
Fresno.
Frank Hall and James Wilson Make
Desperate Attempt to Get
Away From a Sheriff.
The early risers who frequent the water
front viewed something out of the ordi
nary shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday
morning, when the Stockton boat reached
her mooring.
Two prisoners, handcuffed, who were in
charge ot Deputy Sheriff W. E. Henry of
Fresno, saw a faint possibility of liberty,
and they availed themselves of it. It was
a forlorn chance, and came near beins
iheir undoing, but they were daring
enough to grasp ai it.
The men are Frank Hall and James
Wilson, who are said to be tbe two hard
est characters who ever visited Fresno
County.
Quite recently no less than twelve peo
ple have been "held up" in Fresno city
within a few days.
Deputy Sheriff Henry and a friend
named L. P. Timmins got a fairly good
description of the men and traced t.eui to
StODfeton. Whiie Henry was on the levee
from which leaves the afternoon boat for
this City on Tuesday he noticed his men
among the passengers. The gang-plans
was about to be hauled in and there was
no time to notify Timmins of the fact.
Henry therefore jumped aboard and
started with the steamer for hub City.
At midnight Henry and the captain of
the vessel placeJ the men under arrest,
handcuffing them for safekeeping. They
pleaded innocence of all crime, as is usual
with their Kind, and behaved quite prop
erly until the steamer neared the dock in
the morning.
At this stage of the trip the prisoners
made a desperate rush for the vessel's side
and clamoered overboard.
They endeavored to swim to the wharf,
but their manacled wrists provea unhandy
and they were almost drowned before a
boat reached them.
They were conveyed to the Receiving
Hospital and put to bed while their
clothes were being dried. At 4 o'clock in
the afternoon Deputy Sheiiffs Henry and
Timmins, who reached here on a later
boat, took the two men back to Stockton.
MANHATTAN AIHLETES-
An Evening's Entertainment of Boxing,
- Fencing and Tumbling:.
The monthly athletic exhibition of the
ManliattanClubMooday evening drew over
2000 spectators to their cluDrooms at 1749
Mission street.
An excellent programme, consisting
of boxing, fencing and tumbling was
given. ,
The following men appeared in three
round exhibition bouts in which a great
deal ol science was displayed: Roster
and Stark, Lynch and Crowly, Kane and
Lea, Jerry Kenny and ReiJlv, Wiggins
and Schoenfeld, McDeavitt and Bonsages,
Fred Muller and Smith.
Messrs Fleischer, Alpen, Hoops, Ram
ern, Roster and Berguram of the San Fran
cisco Turn Verein g:ive a pretty exhibition
on the vaulting horse and parallel bars.
Lorraine and Alpers oi the Turn Verein
gave a fencing exhibition in which the
honors were even.
Foster of the Manhattans and George
Bates of the San Francisco Athletic Ciub
concluded tut- evening's entertainment
with a boxing bout that warmed the
hearts of all present.
Held to Answer.
Alfred F. Davis, a barber, who shot his
brother-in-law, William F. Healey, in the Mis
sion on New year's morniDg, was yesterday
held by Judge Low to answer before the Su
>»erior Court on the charge oi assault to mur
der in $1000 bonds. Healey at one time was
expected to die, but he is now in a fair way to
recover.
Market-Street. Masher.
Joseph Bush, the Maritet-street masher, who
was convicted of vagrancy by Judge Conlan
Tuesday, appeared for sentence yesterday.
i The Judge, after giving him a deserved
scorching, sent him to the County Jail for six
months.
THE MEET OF
THE ENDEAVORERS
W. A. Gillespie Here From
Pennsylvania to Fix Ho
tel Accommodations.
He Estimates That at Least 5000
Eastirn Delegates Wili Come
to This City.
Says It Is Untrue That Philadelphia Is
Alter the Convention — A Great
Meeting Expected X re.
W. A. Gillespie, formerly president of
the Philadelphia Christian Endeavor
Union, comprising 20,000 members, ar
rived here yesterday to arrange for the
reception here of the Pennsylvanians who
will attend the great convention in this
City July 7 next. Mr. Gillespie is accom
panied hy George A. Metzger, also of
Philadelphia.
He «ays about 350 mem bers of the Chris
tian Endeavor from Pennsylvania have
arranged witn him to come here. Besides
tbeni in the same party will be 100 or 125
from Washington, D. C.
"The rates are fixed," said Mr. Gillespie.
"They will be $50 from Chicago for the
round trip, and about $63 lrom Philadel
phia. We will come by way of Chicago,
stopping there for half a day, at Denver
one day, Manitou a day. Glen wood Springs
pan of a day, and Salt Lake over Sunday.
"My object in coming was to arrange
for stopping over at those places and for
hotel accommodations here. The matter
of our transportation has been already
fixed.
"Philadelphia is not a possibility In con
nection with this convention, notwith
standing >c r ecent dispatch mat claimed
that City was in the field for it. To begin
with it does not want it. It isn't ready
for it, and if it did want it it would take
a year to get ready.
"I think at least 5000 will attend the
convention from the East, and I will be
disappointed if there are not 15,000 as a
whole here. The largest conveu tion ever
held was in Boston, with 56,000 registered
delegates and 70,000 delegate' as a whole.
Many uf them did not register.
"The convention at Washington last year
had 41,000 registered delegates. The vari
ous Stales East, so far as I am informed,
are expecting to come ht-re in large forces.
•"Corning by the Union Pacific and Cen
tral Pacific we will return by way of Port
land, the Northern Pacific and Yellow
stone Park. We win come on special
Pullman trains, composed of the finest
modern cars. There will be two or three
of the trains required to carry the Penn
sylvania and Washington delegations.
"Our date of leaving Philadelphia will
be June 28, and we expect to be absent
just a month.
"The Pennsylvania State Endeavor
Union is the largest in the world. It has
over 4000 societies and over 200,000 mem
bers."
Messrs. Gillespie and Metzear will be here
but two days, and will then go to Los An
geles. Returning here they will go home
via Oregon.
POINT LOBOS OLUB.
Favors an Increase in the Fay of Fire-
men and Police.
- At the meeting ot the Point Lobos Im
provement Club Tuesday a special com
mittee on transfers on the cross streets re
ported it had succeeded in getting trans
fers to and from the Fillmore-street line
after the Ist of February. For this con
cession a vote of thanks was tendered the
committee.
A report was received from the com
mittee appointed to induce 'he Oiynipic
Salt Water Company to put sidewalks in
front of its property on Point Lobos
avenue, with the assurance that this
much-desired accommodation would be
complied with.
A resolution was introduced instructing
Presidenr Fletcher, now at Sacramento,
to advocate the bill now befote the Legis
lature increasing the pay of the chief and
captains of the San Francisco police.
An amendment wet offered to this reso
lution advocating an increase in the pay
of the chief ot the Fire Department to
$6000, assistant chief $3000. secretary $3000
and district engineers to $2100. Both were
carried unanimously.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
BURGLARS HAD IT
THEIR OWN WAY
They Looted the Scott-Street
Home of Samuel
J. Allen.
Diamonds and a Quantity oi
Valuable Jewelry Was
Secured.
The Po ice Have Been Notifi d About
Two Suspicious Characters Who
May Have Done the Jcb.
The residence of Samuel J. Allen, a
weigher in the employ of Dunsmuir &
Co., the great coal importers, was selected
as a choice bit of household to enter and
plunder last Monday morning.
Tbis quiet little home is a six-room flat
at 412 Scott street, within a few doors of
Oak.
Mrs. Allen and her daughter left their
home on Saturday afternoon for a pro
tracted trip into the country. The hus
band and father would have followed in a
lew days but for the fact that he was noti
fied by the police that the house had been
plundered. He immediately recalled his
family and they have been looking over
the place ever since discovering the ab
sence of additional articles of value.
The Aliens' flat is an upper one of a
new style of building. The bathroom
opens up both -on the back porch facing
the East and into the kitchen through
which admission is obtained by a sliding
door.
About 2 o'clock in the morning of Mon
day, the French inaiU of Mrs Curry, who
iiveß in the lower flat, heard some noise
in me story overhead. She knew that
Mr. Allen's family had gone away to the
country and she suspected that burglars
were at work.
Her suspicion was strong enough to
make her hide her face beneath the
blankets and await results with fear and
trembling.
Monday afternoon she became courage
ousenongh to climb tue steps to the upper
flat, so as to hang up her washing, and
she discovered that the bathroom door
leading into the flat had been broken into
by burglars, who had looted the place.
She immediately informed the lad in tne
corner grocery-store, who in turn told all
about it to me police. The latter, there
fore, are in search ol the burglars, who
are supposed to be two "suspicious char
acters" wno have been loitering about the
neighborhood for the past ten days.
The burglars managed 10 pick the two
locks from the outside door to the kitchen.
In the bedroom they secured a valuable
pair of marine classes, two choice razors,
a diamond snirt stud, one c.imeo ring, a
microscope and a lady's diamond-studded
'spider^' brooch. Tney were frightened
away, no doubt, as they left several purses
of coins, silver and gold, that Mrs. Allen
bad been collecting as souvenirs of her
European travels. Other pieces of jewelry
and the silverware were also overlooked.
RAILROAD BOOKKEEPING
Action on a Uniform System
Temporarily Postponed by
the Commission.
Small Transpor a o.i Lines Will Be
Rv quired to Present Their
Tar.ffi
The Railroad Commission did nothing
of vast importance or interest to the pub
lic at its regular meeting yesterday after
noon.
Communications were read by Secretary
Newman from various railroads in regard
to making a report of every tariff to the
cemmission, and in regard to a uniform
system of bookkeeping which, it was pro
posed, all the railroads of the State shou'd
adopt. The replies on these matters have
been published and are in the biennial re
port recently distributed. As to tariffs,
many small railroads and other transpor
tation companies of the State replied,
in brief, tnat they carried no passengers
and no freight outside their own private
business, which business was, in most in
stances, stated to be that of logging or
lumbering in their own camps, or for their
own mills, and that they had no tariffs of
any nature to submit.
The reading of these communications
bron ht out some discussion In regard to
tariffs and charges made by stage lines
and small steamboats on inland lakes.
The opinion was expressed by Chairman
La Rue and Commissioner Stanton that
the small transportation companies of
this kind also come within the province
of the commission, and the resuit will be
that the secretary will communicate with
as many of them as he can find.
The replies in regard to uniform book
keeping showed, with some few excep
tions, a general disposition to acquiesce
and fall into line. Where suggestions
were made by the companies they were to
the effect that the interstate commerce
system be adopted. No action was taken.
A communication dated Montreal, from
the "Canadian Inquiry Into Transporta
tion Charges on Farm Products," was
read. It asked for the tariffs in this State
ou a variety of things from milk to bop
poles. The secretary will give what in
formation he has.
After the meeting adjourned Commis
sioner Stanton was asked concerning the
bringing up before the board again of the
commission's right and duty under the
constitution of proceeding to make an in
vestigation of rates and charges and
■bonds on its own hook, under its constitu
tional authority. Nothing toward an in
dependent investigation will be done at
present.
Populists on Bills.
The executive committee of the People's
party met at their headquarters in the Murphy
building on Saturday, January 23, and or
ganized by electing J. A. Anthony chairman
and T. H. Hatch secretary. Resolutions were
adopted in favor of the bill before the Legis
lature for the government of employment
agencies and also for an amendment to the
constitution in relation to the incarceration
of children for seeking alms on the street
Resolutions were also passed against the Loud
Postal bill.
Salomon Wag Convicted.
Some days ago Officer Butterworth and Meat
Inspector Ben Davis of the Health Depart
ment arrested J. L. Salomon for causing the
butchering of a diseased cow on the San
Bruno roiid Yesterday Salomon was found
guilty by Judge Low. Sentence was deferred.
Hig Court-room Is Gorgcoii*.
Justice Groezinger has decorated his court
room with sky blue drapery, which is back of
his seat and under a rich crimson canopy
People go to the court- room from all over the
City Hali to see and to admire this legal sym
phony.
NEW TO-DAT. 1
AUCTION
THIS DAY,
THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, ;
AT 12 M. SHARP, BY
Yon Rhein
««9 CO..
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
~ LARGE SIXTH-STREET CORSER.
75x125: E. cor. 6th and Shipley sts.: market,
stores and dwellings: outlay of «1000 can in-
crease rents to $300 per month; to close an es-
tate. ,
McAllister Street— A Grand Lot.
40x137:6: N. (sunny) side of McAllister, 137:6
feet W. of Fillmore; tew better lots for residence
or flats on the peninsula
WOODWARD'S GARDES LOTS.
4 Lots— Valencia, bet. 14th and 15th.
4 lots; each 25x100; E. line of Valencia st.,
120 feet N. or 13th; 14th and Valencia is a promi-
nent transit, point.
Mission Street, bet. 13th and 14th. '
40x100; W. line of Mission St.; 237 feet S. of
Bldtey.
Ridley-Street Building Lot.
25x95: 8. line of Ridley st., 65:8 W. of Jessie,
bet. Valencia cable and Misaion-st. electric road.
Je««ie, ear I3£h, Flats— Rents 972.
20x65; No. 1436-38 Jessie st., S. of Ridley; 2
new flats: each 5 rooms and bath; at reduced
rents of *36.
20x65; No. 1410-42 Jessie st.; 2 new flats; same
as above; rents $36. _.
Julian- Avenue Flats— Rents $42.
40x94: No«. 17 to 23 Julian aye.: E. of Va- -
lencia st. 275 feet b. of 15th st. ; always rented.
NE. Cor. 13th & Stevenson, in 1 or 5 Lots
78:1x135: NE. cor. of 13th and Stevenson sts.,
with Cuinese washhouse: rent $20; as a whole or
| In 5 lots; 3 ironting Ridley and '£ iron l Steven-
son.
Jessie Street— 6 Building Lots near 13th
25x90: W. Tine of Jessie. 95 feet S. of 13tb: 2
lots, each 25x7U, adjoining above fin the south.
30x70; adjoining above on the south.
30x6U, wii.li L 40x2U; ironting K. end of Qulnn
street. ." .
Stevenson-Street Building Lots.
4 lots; each 25x65: E. line of Sevenson qt., 120
feet N. of i4th; suitable for cottages or flats.
Dolores, Opp. High-School Site.
3 lots; E. line of Dolores, S. of 18th; 1 lot 30x85
and 2 lots each 29x110; commencing 118 feet a
of 18ih st.
Flats near the Park— Rent *53.
25x80; No. 43-49 Tremont st., off Waller, near
Clayton; 4 flats; only 2 years built; Haight-su
cars. .
Lafayette, near Green ßents 938.
23x60: No. 7 Lafayette st. ; oft Green, near Du-
pom; 3-story tenement.
s
Third Aye., near California 820.
25x120: No. 213 Third aye. : modern cottage; 5
rooms, bath, basement, garden, c.c. .- -;
Flata, 21st, near Valencia— Rents 839.
25x114; 3357-59 21st St., bet. Valencia and
Guerrero; 2 flats; rent $39: a third flat is par-
tially finished; $250 will finish it completely.
Darolle's Laundry, Chenery Street.
100x116 fronting Chenpry. and 150x150 front-
Ing S. P. R. K. Fntrmount lots, 16.2 i, frame and
brie, building; 100 feet front; for laundry, dwell-
ing and stable. > *v
Greenwich, E. of Montgomery— Rent 825
43x75; 103-105 Greenwich si., E. of Montgom-
ery; one 2-siory nous- and 2 cottages: with some
repair would rent for $28; must be sold.
Corner York, 26th and Serpentine Aye.
120 feet on York st., 69:3 on 26: h and 38 on
Serpentine; as a whole or in 4 lots.
' 5 Lots on Precita Aye., opp. Howard.
■ 80x123: 8. line of Preclta St., opposite Howard,
600 teet W. of Kolsom; a: so in rear of above, lac-
ing California aye. ; 55x120.
BPIITuF Vfill "*° re Taroat, dimples, Copper-^
fBHlA'k lUU colored Spot.-), Aches, Old Sores.
UHUleors in Mouth, Hair-Falling! Write COOH.BC
JaBBKHKI} V CO., 307 Masonic TempleM
gSChlcaRO, 111., for proofs of cures. Capl- 5%
Htul, 8500,000. Worst cases cored la 108
g^to OS days. 100-page book free. [eg
I Wit it: I XiwS
A journeyman barber in Cincinnati, a specially intelligent man and
a favorite with his patrons, says of "
" I want to say that for eight months I have taken three a day and
have ; not been to see a doctor once since I commenced to take them. ■ ,
™Znl w ? u ' d u V S to have a big tube put down my throat and have
my stomach flushed (I believe that is what they call it) three times
every week by a doctor; that charged me 50 cents for every time.
,Of course, that gave me relief, but the trouble always came back
again, and I can tell you it was no fun to be pumped out about every
two days. The doctor said I had catarrh of the stomach. Whatever it
was, it don t bother me now. For four years I was troubled so that I
used to lose about three days out of every month.V When this barbsr
ooserves that a customer has a feverish breath, he occasionally presents )
him with a Tabule. and \ if taken it removes the difficulty forthwith. V
■V, . .. ; ,. 1 .... v .  . :. ; .•• . ' ;, ; . ■•■■• ■- • ■ ■ i ■
i^SK^S^ DCo7nßcin" cu?!DENEfi
Bff j='dffli^*T? IfiA^oUUU KtA!iJKt!lj? ii ?, sroat H vegetrti «
B^M . ( I_jl jiljlnr ,'-»_ _i ••■■•■•■■■ wwb# Illnv ■ USB6»t#Vitallzpr,theprescrlp-
11^0%* I mOUS h will quickly cure you of all ncr-
W'ZZfiafßmr -I "iniailWUU }**"** • UHLaJvitallz^.theprescrlp.
IK <^ r T\ WP •*•»■ 0 : m °J.?rtf OUS 11 Pnysician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
\>> jcAl \> ', \T ? ous o r , di p ase3of the generative organg, such as Lost Manhood
■ I j^T^ T '<BWK Pimp.es, tTnfitness to Marry, ExhausOng- Drains, Varicocele and
| B^2 ¥ R£ %no AFTER sii^Wbffl^a^fffia^^
~" ICPIIfNK strengthens and restores small weak organs. - ■■■ < ■'-.-'' •' ■ .- . :'i.>-'
_> The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c«"-.t are tronhlmt wifv "
■ *«»•*»««»■. CUPIDE?f Eis the only kno jti reined/ to cure without an ration MOO fpsHinVnC
Ba. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a mm«nelt2?nsr
H-00 a box, six Sit $5.00, by mail. Send for fbsb circular and testimonials; permanenteum
Address J)AVOt BXJ2UICINK CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cat For sale by
* JBKOOKS PHAKMACY, 119 Powell airew.
HEW TO-DAT. '
*AT AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 2. 1897.
At 12 o'clock noon
AT OUR SALESROOM^ MARKET ST.
Business and Residence Property.
Southeast corner Broadway and Mason street-
Imp.ovements-brick and we^ en buifa?n K s co^-
prising store and several teneraems; this if a^od
business outlook: will pay well at present fSd
better in the future; full rem.-. spiOT- s/veral ca We
roads; street in basalt lock ; corner lot, 68:9x5 3-6.
Post-Street Property.
North line (No. 822) of Post st., 137-6 east of
Hyde— Front residence of 7 looms: rear residence
of 5 rooms; this must soon be business; Post Sui-
ter and Geary street cables; large lo:, 26:9x120.
Golden Gate Park Residence.
East line (So. 216) of Ashbuty st., 100 north of
Fell— Handsome 2-s or*- bay-windowed residence;
7 rooms and bath ; high basement: cement stone
walk; iron fence; brick foundation: fine home-
one-half block from Goldeu Gat* Park; several
cable roads; lot 26x103 feet.
Mission Investment Property.
Northeast line (Nos. 33. 33% and 35) o? Moss
st., bet. Folsom and Howard and sixth and sev-
enth— Buildings comprise six tenements of 4 and 5
rooms: full rents $6;«; splendid street-car accom-
modations; lot 60x75. \
Magnificent Corner Lot.
Southwest corner of Pacific and Jones sts. ;
would pay well wi h stores below and flats above;
good location for business: Pacific st. In basalt
rock and cement stone walk: Jackson and Hyde-
si, cables; large corner lot, 60x52:4.
Pacific Height* Kesidence L-ot«.
| West line of Pierce st, 45 south of VBllejo: two
handsome 'residence lots; grand mar in • view;
beautiful surroundings- street, paved, in tin« con-
dition and sewered ; examine these -for a bom:
Miner, Killmore and Union car lines; lot 27:6s
113:6. _
Oak-Street Business Property.
south line of Oak su, 187:6 west of Devisadero:
two handsome business lots: improved with stores
below and flats aoove; this is a bu Iness proposi-
tion and will rent quickly; must he sold; street In
tine condition; two lots. 25x137:6- ;l/;' .
Western Addition Home.
South line (No. 2627) of Sutter St., 60 east of
Lyon; building, two-story, bay-windows and 7
rooms and bath ; street in basalt rock; lot 22:6 x
110.
Excelsior Homestead Association.
Large lot on northwest line of Lisbon St., 150
southwest from Italy aye.; electric road: improve-
ments ate the order of the day in tills vicinity;
thin property is a speculation for a big advance;
lot7sxlOU.
Western Addition Residence Lot.
East line of Pierce St., 91:8 north of Filbert:
near Presidio Keservatlon and Fulton Iron Works;
sunny side >f the street; must be sold: Union-sU
c»>le; street In basalt rock: lot 22:11x100.
For Catalogue inquire of
EASTOX, KLDKIDGE & CO.,
638 3lnrket st. Auctioneers.
DR. PIERCES
IS THE" BEST.
A PERMANENT CURE.
, PtAiNSßtnto, Cal., Nov. 5, 1896.
Dr. .Tierce * Son, Han Francisco.
(iEKTLEXEs-Thc fifteen-dollar Belt has been
received ami delivered, but have not heard from
- i v r \t'\t theierson yet about the
■loM^-vy&Affi; -'' '-'■ resalt, but lam not afraid
.I&CSSIVMrwwK!^ of hlrn 'ornin,' back on
ff^vijjj^g^Sg&yrai me. as 1 used one of your
jE&'g'-!^ ; '"'~^r^O Belts nine (9) years ai;o
ESiT^^-^y-^-r^r ]~efiSsi and have never been
JP!ti#u^t2if^!3^r troubled with pains In
•^^SSyjsg&^RfSj".* my back or hips since.
raj* r^^>ti/ ; 'ViS. so you see why 1 am not
•"^ <^tyr» ■»-,, afraid to recommend your
*tj^? Belt to anyone suffering
" l ■ with a weak back, pains
in the hips and side, as I was, because It will cure
them— ..ever to be doubted.
I remain yours to help the sufferer,
GEU. A. KAIIL
lO" There are no "quack" doctors connected
with our establishment. Oar electric belts care
without drugs Prie s reasonable! •No robbery!
I Kstablisbed 1875. .-end for free "Pamphlet No.
I 2." Magnetic Klastic Truss Co. (Dr. Pierce A
Bon). 704 Sacramento St.. cor. of Kearnv, second,
third and fourth floors. Branch office, 640 Market
St., below Kearny, S. F.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc.
CURED BY
Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS."THE BASIS OF
CITIZENSHIP."
Henry E. Highton Lectures
in Metropolitan
Temple.
Describes the Growth of Reli
gious Toleration in
America.
No Consolidation of Church and State
is Possible Unier the Con
stitution.
In Metropolitan Temple last night Hon.
Henry E. Highton delivered an instruct
ive lecture entitled "The True Basis of
American Citizenship," under the an»
pices of Golden Gate Council No. 84, Y.
M. I.
The lecture was preceded by s short pro
gramme, to which the Sacred Heart
Orchestra, under the direction of Prof.
Karl Shernslein, and George W. Colvert,
a humorous elocutionist, agreeably con
tri bated.
The president of the evening, Samuel
Haskins, spoke briefly ia anticipation of
(>'r. Highton's subject. H«s claimed for
the Catholic church an attitude of respect
toward the civil authority of tbe State,
though as a church it is not identified
with any one form of government. "To
us," taid he, "the stars and stripes is the
symbol of our political and religious
liberty. We shall see that it flies higa
and that it flies forever." Mr. Highton
continued:
The centuries of persecution in the name of
religion have ended, and those persecutions
themselves nave been grossly misconceived.
They have been attributed by atheists, by
skeptics, by agnostics, by scientists, to religion
itself, whereas they arose, wherever they ex
isted, from the incessant struggle of bar
barism, through undeveloped humanity,
against the teachings oi religion. Religious
wars, so-called, class and individual contro
versies originated in these struggles. But the
entire world has outgrown the barbarism of
force* Fanaticism, bijrotry, intolerance, in
their political application represent the vices
and not the virtues of man. They were
the very elements which it was the province
and tbe function of religion finally to extir
pate.
When the Government of the United States
was firmed in theory at least fratricidal con
tests in the name of religion, upon this conti
nent and wherever our institutions prevailed,
were over. They are now substantially ended
In fact. The American people having under
gone the throes of birth and the vicissitudes
of cbildnood and adolescence are now studying
their own institutions and exploring their
origin, their framework and their progress
amidst all setbacks and temporary tailures,
with reference to the present evils with which
they hare to contend and the future to which
they aspire.
Mr. Highton spoke of the duty of every
citizen to withstand every disintegrating
influence and to hold the Government and
its administration where the fathers
placed it. He anticipated his conclusion
when be described the true basis of Ameri
can citrzensbip as a moral basis — the
recognition of the sovereignty of a per
sonal God and tbe brotherhood of man,
botn denned and expressed in the moral
law.
The lecturer proceeded to illustrate his
Rneurrient by tbe facts of history, dividing
thes« info three epochs, viz.: (1)' from
M 1492-1607; (2) from 1607-1787; and (3) from
I 1737-1897. ite outlined clearly and suc
cinctly tbe process of colonization in the
various States of the sub-equent Union,
and quoted the terms of their charters,
showing that both the discovery and
colonization of America were undertaken
in the spirit of religion.
The Spanish alone, and they were a
Catholic people, established nine distinct
Governments in North and South
America, while Canada from 1635, when
Cartier first settled there, till 1759, when
therlSnelish tooJc possession, was a French
province, and when tbe transfer was made
the Catholics were secure ia the free ex
ercise of their religion. He dwelt at some
length upon the position occupied by Vir
ginia in the early seventeenth century,
when Sir William Burke saw fit to thank
God for the absence of free schools ana
printers.
The charter of Massachusetts provided
a certain measure of religious toleration,
while in New Hampshire the principle of
representation was recognized as e;irly as
November, 1629. Rhode Island provides a
charter indicating the beginnings of free
dom, and independence in tbe modern
sense of the term. In the Catholic colony
of Maryland religious liberty was estab- i
lisluti as tua fundamental law, and in
New York liberty of conscience was I
granted to settlers. New Jersey, Pennsyl- I
vania. North and South Carolina were j
likewise spe'ified.
The constitution of the two last named
was'framed by the great John Locke and
provided that no man was to be a free
man who did not acknowledge the exist
ence o; God and the fact thai he ought to
be publicly worshiped.
Mr. Highton referred to the noble work
accomplished by Catholic missionaries
and explorers, and added that to all these
early settlers — to the Puritan, the Cava
lier, the Catholic, the Trinitarian, to those
of the moat diverse and conflicting opin
ions, was the one great central recogni
tion of the personal God and a moral force
as the basis of his sovereignty and pa
ternity among mankind.
He devoted attention to the provisions
of the Americau constitution respecting
A religious liberty, emphasizing the fact
that in these the State is create**listinct
aid separate from the church and that
there can be no possibility of their con
solidation so long as these provisions are
adhered to.
His closing periods dealt with the de
parture of iacts from theory and of the
corruption which American political prac
tice'has developed. Mr. Highton also
contended that the genius of our constitu
tion should properly exclude and does
exclude tbe pagan and idolator, such as
the Chinese are known to be.
KENNY'S STRANGE CASE.
He Is Supposed to Have Been
Knocked Senseless and
Robbed.
Patrick Kenny, an old man, is in^a
padded cell in the Receiving Hospital
with his mind unbalanced, and there 13 a
strong suspicion that foul play has had
much to do with his unfortunate condi
tion, mentally and otherwise.
Kenny is an old soldier, and for 18 years
was on the quaitermaster's staff at Van
couver, B. C, his son now occupying the
position ha held.
7 About three weeks ago he came to this
I City from Vancouver with the intention
\ of procuring a suitable place for his wife
* and daughter.
On his arrival he called upon Sear's &
FoJey, saloon-keepers, East and Washing
ton streeu, who were old friends of his,
and they mocured a room for him. Two
or three days later he went to the General
Postoffice 10 cash an order and told Sears
mnd Foley that he would go to the Pre
iidio to see an old friend.
The old man was well dressed and had
Tfie Messenger Boys Formed a Circle and Gave Mrs. Stanford Three Rousing Cheers*
some money in his pockets besides what
he would receive for the Postoffice order.
He did not call upon any one at tbe Pre
sidio and nothing was heard of him for
several days.
On Wednesday, January 13, he was
found wandering around the streets in the
BOutMern part of the City, and he appeared
to be demented. He could tell his name,
but nothing would convince him that he
was not in Vancouver.
He was dressed in an old suit of clothes
and wore a pair of old brogans. There
was no money in his pockets, and there
was an ugiy scar on his forehead which
bad not quite healed.
January 15 he was taken before the
Insanity Commissioners and sent to the
Almahouse. He remained there for about
a week and then wandered away.
Sunday last he was iound wandering
along Suiter street and was sent to the
Receiving Hospital. K^nny has no recol
lection whatever of being in this City, and
it is impossible to get any statement from
htm. Ie is supposed that he had been
decoyed Into some den, where he was
knocked down and robbed oi his money,
clothing and boots, and after a few days
was cast adrift in the old suit.
He was perfectly sane when he arrived
here, and it is believed that the blow on
the forehead has affected his brain.
BURGLARS TREMBLE.
Judge Carroll Cook Will Sentence
Them to Twenty-Five Years'
Imprisonment.
Judge Carroli Cook yesterday sentenced
J. A. Jensen to twenty-nv6 years in the
MR. AND MRS. WILLIAM A. WHITTIER (Formerly Miss
Elizabeth Carroll), Whose Wedding Was One of Three
Which Took Place in Society Last Evening.
State prison for burglary, and intimated
that this would be the limit for such male
factors as are convicted in his court of
burglary in private residences. .
Judge Cook makes .a distinction in cases
where a burglar merely enters a store or
other unoccupied building for the purpose
of obtaining plunder. That course, while
it is highly reprehensible and ought to be
met with proper punishment, does not
call for the extreme penalty. The court
holds that the lives of peaceable citizens
are endangered when a burglar niters a
private residence, for he goes there pre
pared to do mnrder'in the event of re
sistance being offered to him in his depre
dations.
Another point to which Judge Cook
directed attention was the patent perjury
tnat had been committed by the delend
ant in the present case. He said that
hereafter witnesses would be held to a
strict accountability, and that he would
cause the immediate arrest of all witnesses
who testified falsely in his hearing, even
if it took most of his time to try the per
jury charges.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1597.
SIX HEARTS THAT
BEAT AS THREE
William R. Whittier Weds
Miss Elizabeth
Carroll.
Nnptials of Miss Martha Shain
wald and Leopold
Meyer.
Er. Vcorsanger Presides at the M-r
--nage (f Dr. Sharp and Miss
Rose Eppinger.
In spite of the rain and altogether disa
greeable weather yesterday we'ddin bells
rang out merrily and, all superstitions to
the contrary, time happy young couples
liave a bright and joyous future before
them.
At noon Miss Elizabeth Carroll, daugh
ter of Mrs. K. T. Carroll, and William
Robinson Whittier, son of F. W. Wbittier,
were married, Archbishop Kiordan offici
ating.
The limited accommodations of the Car
roll residence made a small wedding im
perative, consequently, though the bride
for the past few seasons has been one of
the most popular of belles and the groom
is a much sougtit after beau and club
man, it was necessary to limit the invita
tions to relatives and most intimate
friends.
In spite of the limited number of in
vited guests the arrangements for the
-wedding were elaborate in the extreme.
The decorations certainly were the most
artistic and beautiful that ever graced a
San Francisco bridal. They consisted en
tirely of huge branches heavily laden with
golden oranges and the fragrant orange
blossoms. The effect was indescribably
beautiful, and combined with the heavy
fragrance of the blossoms the rooms
looked like some bit of enchanted forest.
Tbe gown of the bride was beautiful and
delightfully simple. It was of whue
satin, completely shrouded in fluffy white
tulle. Sprays of natural orange blossoms
were caught around the hem of the skirt
and fastened in the fleecy folds of the
veil. There was no lace on the govrn and
no jewels were worn. The bridal bouquet
was composed of white hyacinths and
lilies oi the valley.
Miss Gertrude Carroll, who officiated as
maid of honor, wore a dainty girlish gown
of whito mousseline de so c, trimmed
with innumerable tiny littie flounces and
narrow lace insertions. She carried a
"Trilby" bouquet of lilies.
The bridesmaids. Miss Julia Crocker
and Miss Romie Wallace, were attired
alike in pale yellow tulle over yellow
satin. A girdle of yellow satin spanned
the waist. They carried bouquets of jon
quils.
Mrs. Carroll, mother of the bride, wore
an elaborate gowu of black velvet. The
corsage was trimmed with costly white
point.
Mi 33 Mattie Whittier, sister of the
proom, wore an elegant gown of white
siik and cerise velvet.
Mrs. Bothin wore an elegant black bro
caded si.k trimmed with rare old laces.
The bride presented her attendants with
dainty pearl and diamond heart-shaped
brooches as souvenirs. Tbe groom gave his
lest man, Milton Latham, a diamond
lleur de its scarf pin.
Many elegant and costly presents of
siiver, crystal and rare works of art were
received. Mr. and Mrs. Whittier left yes
terday afternoon for General Murphy's
ranch in San Luis Obispo, where two
weeks of the honeymoon will be spent.
They will then leave for a rive months'
European tour.
Miss Martha Sbainwald, sister of Her
man Sham wald, the well-known real es
tate man, and Leopold Meyer, a mining
man of New Zealand, were married last
evening at 8:45 o'clock, at the Colonial,
where the bride has made her home for
the past year.
The cerrraony, which was performed by
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger, was witnessed only
by relatives. There were no bridal at
tendants.
A rjeeption followed the ceremony for
which 200 invitations were issued. The
newly wedded couple stood in a bower of
pink Japanese fruit blossoms, from which
hung a wreath of pussywillow and true
lovers' knots, filled with roses and daffo
dils. The bride's gown was of white tulle
over satin and trimmed with point lace.
Mr. and Mrs. Merer will make their
future home in New Zealand.
One hundred invited guests witnessed
the ceremony which united Dr. James
Graham Sharp and Miss Ruse Kppinger.
The wedding was celebrated at the resi
dence of the bride's parents on Octavia
street. Rev. Dr. Voorsanger read the
words which.made the happy couple one.
Miss Julia Eppinger, sister of the bride,
was maid of honor, and Dr. William
Sharp was best man.
It was a white and green wedding.
Eucalyptus, huckleberry blossoms and
papyrus were effectively used in the
ecoration ot the home. The bride's gown
was of white tulle over white satin. The
corsage was trimmed -with duchesse and
point. The maid of honor wore a charm
ing dress of white taffeta and Brussels
net.
Dr. and Mrs. Sharp will leave to-day for
a honeymoon trip, keeping their destina
tion a secret. On their return they will
reside at 2315 California street.
Card of I' hank s.
The members of Cathedral Branch, Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society, hereby desire to express
their sincere gratitude to all kind friends who
con tributed to tneir recent donation reception
and enabled the society to bring cheer and
plenty to the homes o '1 18 destitute families
during the holiday season.
": : ■ '"■— ■ • — — * — —
The King of Pills is Beecham'a— ,
MESSENGER BOYS
WERE IN CLOVER
Mrs. Stanford Invited a
Small Army to Her
Mansion.
Showei Them Through Her
Palatial Home and Feasted
Them.
Boys Ssng Populir Songs, Cheered
and Went Awaz With Another
Treat Piomisei.
Mrs. Stanford entertained the messen
ger boys of this City yesterday afternoon
in her mansion on Nob Hill.
There were over 150 of them in regular
uniform. Ihey came in two relays, as it
was not possible for all of them to be ab
sent from office duty at the same time.
The boys of the American District Tele
graph Company, of the San Francisco
District Telegraph Company, of the
Western Union Telegraph Company ana
of the Postal Telegraph Company were all
invited.
The reception began shortly after 1
o'clock and continued until 5.
Mrs. Stanford received alone and per
sonally showed tbe boys through the great
rooms and explained to them the differ
ent paintings and pieces of statuary in
the art galJery, the mosaic work and relics
in tliePompeiian room and the other fur
nishings and mural decorations of the
palatial residence. All the while the or
cnestra was piaymg in the art gallery.
Then the boys were shown into the
great dining-room and there the material
pleasures of the occasion were spread be
fore them in abundance — lunonade, cake,
cookies, sandwiches and fruit of ali kinds.
Mrs. Stanford showed that she was
delighted, and w en Corcoran, an Ameri
can District messenger, sat down at a
piano and began playing "Sweet Rosie
O Grady" and to -ing the song she seemed
p riecily happy that her guests felt thor
oughly at home. One popuiar song fol
lowed anotherand ihe boys joined in with
out regard to vocal quali;y.
Before leaving they formed in ,a circle in
the broad main hall and gave tbe Stanford
University yell, lollowed by three rousing
cheers for Mrs. Stanford.
Mrs. Stanford toM them that it had
given her more pleasure to receive them
than it could give them to be received,
and if all should be spared until next year
she would repeat the reception or vary the
entertainment. She said tnat they put
her in mind of her own little boy, who
was about their a^e when be was taken
from her. Sue told them that she hoped
they would all aspire to something high,
and bear in mind that wnh a free univer
sity education with reach no position is
impossible to the ambitious boy.
Henry Beck, manager of the American
District Telegraph Company, who acied
as general escort to the boys, made a little
speech on their behalf thanking Mrs.
Stanford for the pleasure they had had.
As each boy was leaving the bouse he
was given a large package of cake and
cookies to carry away witti him.
Those present and their cap numbers
were as follows:
San Francisco District Telegraph Company,
from 912 Market street— P. M.sCody 3, L.
Greenslade 9, George R. Jelick 63, George
Bchnoor 10, Max Conn 64, J. Coakiey 80, E.
M. Newell 25, Louis Scuide 123, W. Me-
Mann 77, XV Roland 54, Herman Mttchell
128, L. Yates 41, George Hawkins 4, J. Wyc
koff 96, K. McGrauagau 70, George Fulton
118, E. Kane 119, H. Meyer 24, Joe Kirk 134,
While ShoembHn 82, Charlny Hanley 83,
E lrtie Mullen 38, A. Kidd .45, H. Hicken 43,
Al Sehide (operator).
From 200 Sutter street— W. Clark 6, W. Bel
be rt 23, W. K.rnode 31, W. Rombach 26, W.
Carr 104, W. Stoddard 86. W. K. Lewis 35,
George .Mullaney 90, ;S. Fisher 133, T. Har
rington 53, Domingo Vdlencia 09, Eugene
Martinell 120, R. Purves 17, J. Sells 2, C. Mills
22. F. Berreyessa 48, J. Flynn 29. C. Weaver
127, J. Goldstein 85, C. Patterson 100, L. Sin
clair 36, Hatzy Davock 95, L. Lutzen 20, £.
Sterling 87.
From 5 Golden Gate avenue — A. Robertson
78, F. Leeper 53, J. Haggerty 71, J. Essary 131,
VV. Riley 50, C. Pareha.l 59, Frank Sullivan
(operator), J. Goldstein 103.
From 301 Montgomery street— L. Hohn 47,
A. Wilson 112, E. Maninell 120.
American District Telegraph Company, from
607 Market street— G. Burke 1. J. Mead 2, Ed
Bolton 3, H. VVarnock 4, A. Chevalier 5, A.
Roach 6, J. Maguire 11, George Pierce 19, John
Orr 20, Con Feeny 22, Leo Burke 25. H. Jen
sen 26, E. Mevers 31, G. Howell 33, R. Walsh
34, W. Taylor 35, H. McDonald 37, J. Dermody
39, J. McDoDell 43, E. Golden 45, J. McCor
mack 47, G. David 50, J. Brady 51, W. J. Der
mody 55, E. U. Meyers 57, J. Conn 58, Frank
Curren 60, J. Peddler 64, George Cortes (opera
tor).
From 205 Sutter street— George Brown 27,
Al Pritchtird 12, Everett Allen 32, Joseph Cor
coran 23, Ch&nes Muliins 48, John Burke 18.
George Howell 33.
From 839 Sutler street— F. Smith 90, Thomas
Lyons 141, L. Cantrowith 99, L, Whitehead
138, B. McCusker 133.
From 2 Golden Gate avenue— James Barry
189, George Young 178, W. J. Symmes 161, G.
Ellison 177, Joe Barry 182.
Western Union Telegraph Company, from
300 Montaotnery street— lrwin Goldstein 2,
Edward Murry 6. Michael Friedlander 7,
Thomas Quinn 10, Richard Phillips 12,
Willie Reynolds 16, John bullivan 17, Ben
Smith 20, Arthur Baker 21. Thomas
Caton 22, Harry Merton 23. Kic-h
--ard Lyons 24, James fchay 26,
William Glenny 30, Earl Wright 34, Frank
Morris 36, Russell Kutass 38, William Labeile
39, Oliver tarter 44, Emanuel Konigdberg 46,
Harry Bose 47, Robert Ihomsou 48, Joseph
Snay 49, Scott Kellenberger 50, Milton Levy
51, Julius Gibbs 52, William Wilson 87.
Postal Telegraph Company, from 534 Mar
ket street— Jack Carroll 32. E. Boese 22, G. H.
McGee 35, George Dweile 15.
THAT PARK INQUIRY.
The Committee of the Old Grand Jury
Keporta to the New Body.
The park committee of the late Grand
Jury appeared before the present Grand
Jury, at it 3 session yesterday, and laid be
fore it a report concerning its investiga
tion of certain financial transactions by
the Park Commission. The committee of
the old Grand Jury was composed of C. C.
Burr, Will Ashe and J. C. Nealon. They
were given full opportunity to elaborate
upon their report, no other business being
taken up during the afternoon. The re
port itself is not a big document, and con
tains nothing that has not already been
published.
The committee of the present Grand
Jury numbers three — M. P. Frogley (chair
man), P. 0. Ahem and W. N. Brunt— but
will toe enlarged to take up the matters
complained of and a thorough investiga
tion will be made.
Chairman Peixotto says he is convinced
from what he has heard that there has
been no intentional wrong in the conduct
of the affairs of the park. If there has
been anything to which exception may
be taken it has grown out of lapses of
vigilance in the many financial transac
tions. However, he says, the whole
matter will be looked into closely.
Moet & Chandon Whits Seal (Grande
Cuvee) is unsurpassed in quality, dryness
and flavor.— New York Times.
Verein Eintracht.
The Verein Eintracht (junior section) met
last evening, and the following members were
elected for the ensuing term of six months:
Speaker, Carl Mertens ; secretary, Arthur Na
tusche; first turnwart, Emile Miller; second
turn wart, George Williams; zuegwart, Ernest
Scheppler.
KT.VC To-r»r— fiOOI"
TO-WY'S GREW LEADERS
AT — _____ —
CLEARANCE PRICES
It will pay every one to take advantage of
TO-DAY'S CLEARANCE SALE OFFERINGS,
which include a grea.t variety of seasonable
lines, all MARKED DOWN FOR IMMEDIATE
DISPOSAL
REGARDLESS OF SACRIFICE.
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
nc- 152 pieces 38-INCH WOOL BOURETTE DRESS GOODS, in browns only,
u'Ju I former price 60c a yard. On special sale at 25c a yard.
0!)n I 37 pieces 38-INCH FANCY BOUCLE DRESS GOODS, mixed colors, former
UUU I price 60c a yard. On special sale at 30c a yard.
QK n 142 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY CHEVIOTS, mottled effects, former
uuu I price 60c a yard. On special sale at 350 a yard.
OC n 151 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLIcH CURL SUITING, former price 60c
uuu | a yard. On special sale at 35c a yard. /
Kiln I 22 pieces 54-INCH HEAVY BOURETTE SUITING, in brown and black, and
uUu I green and black, former price $1 a yard. On special sale at, 50c a yard.
LADIES SKIRTS!
fljn nn I LADIES' SKIRTS, of plain and Figured Mohair, also Serge, former price
VS6.UU Is 3 50. Clearance sale price $2 each.
LADIES' JACKETS!
fIJO qc I LADIES' JACKETS of Covert Cloth, Mixed Cloaking-, Black and Navy
UJu. Oil I Boucle Cloth, lormer price $7 50. Clearance sale price $3 95. /.
LADIES' FUR COLLARETTES I
©0 fin I LADIES' BALTIC SEAL FUR COLLARETTES, satin lined, former price
MJ6.UU I 50. Clearance sale price $2 each.
<PO Qn I LADIES' WOOL SEAL COLLARETTES, edged all around with Thibet;
Mfii.QJ I also Baltic Seal with marten collar; former price $6. Clearance sale price
/ $2 95 each.
to* QC I LADIES' CANADA SEAL FUR COLLARETTES, with fancy lining; also
M>*.3d | WOOL SEAL COLLARETTES, edged with brown marten; former price
$10. Clearance sale pr.ce $4 95 each.
fIJC Rfi I LADIES' EXTRA QUALITY ELECTRIC SEAL FUR COLLARETTES,
MJU. UU | with fancy silk lining, lormer price $12 50. Clearance sale price $6 50 each.
©in fin I LADIES' NOVELTY FUR COLLARETTES, of Monk«y, China Seal and
UJIU.UU I Astrachan, former price $1750. Clearance sale price $10 each. i
EMBROIDERIES! EMBROIDERIES!
rjln I 100,000 yards CAMBRIC AND NAINSOOK GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regu-
I-U I iar price 15c a yard. Special sale pric« ,~^c.
lE* 1 175.000 yards CAMBRIC, NAINSOOKAND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY
lull | regular price 30c and 3c a yard. Special sale price 15c. '
OK* I 75,00 > yards CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE AND IRISH
6ilu | POINT EMBROIDERY, regular price 50c, 60c and 75c a yard. Special sale
price 25c.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
in 192 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED HEAVY VICUNA MERINO SOCKS
lUU I with double heels and toes, regular price 2ac a pair. Clearance sale price 10c
Q _ 2 lots of about 40 dozen MEN'S UNDERWEAR, consisting of Heavy OR*
OUU Caniels ' Hair and Undyed Sanitary Derby R bbed Shirts and . Drawers UUU
usually sold at 75c and $1 each, will be closed oui at.... Each
JERSEY RIBBED UNDERWEAR!
Oflp I 75 dozen LADIES' JFRSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS high
UUU I neck, long sleeves, handsomely trimmed neck and front, ankle-length drawers
to match, worth sue each. On special sale at 30c each.
CORSETS CORSETS!
OCp 169 dozen LADIES BLACK SATEEN CORSETS, extra long waist high bait
UJU | two side steels each side, guaranteed perfect fitting, worth $1. On special sale
at 65c each.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR!
35c | Sr^a^a^^ Ma3lin ' aU B " mS fin!Bhed ' **• OI
RIBBONS! RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
15c | cSo P r S : C v e ?l°u f e Sj? Si t^|g^g ED^AFFETA RIBBONS, in assorted
LADIES* KID GLOVES !
Klip I 400 dozen 5 and 7 HOOK GENUINE "FOSTER" KID GLOVES (slightly
UUU I imperfect), oad sizes, colors and black, regular price $1 50 and $1 75 a pair will
be closed out at 50c ' p '
MACKINTOSHES! MACKINTOSHES !
<O nn r CHILDREN'S CLOTH MACKINTOSHES, in navy and fancy colors, value
U>£. U U I $3, will be closed out at $2 each.
*Q en I LADIES' CLOTH MACKINTOSHES, in navy and black, two capes, value
$U. UU I $5, will be closed out at $3 50 each.
ajK (in I LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in double texture, in navy and black, with
vy«J.UU I coachman's cape, vaiue $7 50, will be closed out at $5 each.
fljn fll LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in double texture, two capes, velvet oollar,
iDO.UU [ in navy and black, value $9, will be closed out at $6 each.
fIJQ fin I LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in double tPxture, in tan and brown, velvet'
vDO.UU 1 collar, value $12 50, will be closed out at $3 each.
* ■ ..
fMI E^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
\J? (/ v JJldllBl : oLlbe L, Lullloi 111 JUiiuS. /
Snn Fx^anoiaoo.
DR. MARTIN'S GREAT PAIN CURER
OF THE HCE
IS A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in General, Dyspepsia, Dysen-
tery, Cholera Morbns, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia,
Nervous Complaints, Liver and Kidney Complaints, Sciatica,
Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, Head-
ache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache,
Burns, Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, ■ Colic, Cramps, Sprains,
Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, ' Indigestion, Skin Diseases, Excessive'
Itehings and many other complaints too numerous to name here*
PRICE, 25c, 50c, $1.00 PER BOTTLE.
L. C i ALLlSCH,.Wholeaale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Oal.
For sale by all druggists. The trade : supplied by Bedington & Co., Mack & Co. and
. ; Langley & Michaels, San Francisco. .: -
|_W_F___| •. H -H -CTHWrIf-iiO _____________
i_-_tff-Wiii^_»s-fiW __-i
mmf ff-BliiTiiW'MiUtii'FlEß-M
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORS«T-A%
%J Law and Notary Public, 088 Market si., mm
•It* Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Re«ld«nc* 1* -
F«U su«*b ; icl«pa«M ■«m " 2881. ""■*? *™
9
I10
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SCMMAKY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver steady.
Wheat Futures dropped sharply.
Barley lower and dull.
Oats. Corn and Rye neglected.
Choice Hay firm.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans very slow. Seeds nominal
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Vegetables dull.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs rule weak.
Poultry about the same.
Game dull.
Leciduous Fruits unchanged.
Citrus Fruits dull.
Provisions as before.
THE NATIONAL, CASHBOX.
The general stock of money in the united State!
on the Ist of January. 1897, is given as follows:
Gold coin *638.381.827
Silver dollars.. *43.16«.3»1
Small silver 76 317.752
God certificates ,-nS«ifti
Silver certificate* 3*o B«i,3U*
Treasury notes of IS9O 119,81b,280
United States notes 3 tn'^fi'niV!
currency certificates o .'2,7, ,Vo
rational Banknotes 235 663,118
Total $2,321,0. 9,677
This Is the largest stock of mone.- at the be
ginning of any month in upward of a year, and
compares as follows with the total on the Ist of
January, 1896:
January 1, 1*97 $2,321,019,677
January 1, 1896 2,197,000,236
Increase 8124,019,441
Explanation.
The arrow Dies with the wind. The top 13 jn ret
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; .those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid I
lines, connec rom s of equal air pressure; iso- I
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means hit;h barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usi.ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable: j
but when the "low is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, ralu south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder I
weathor In winter. The reverse of these condition! |
•rill produce an opposite result.
"WEATHER BUREAU LSI PORT.
Tnitid ptates Department of Asbicvl
ttbe, Weatheb Bubead, San Fbancisco, Jan.
JJ7, Ifc97, 5 P. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the, same date last sea- !
son and rainfall for the past twenty-four hours:
Eureka 23.92 inches, last season 23.25, past 24
hours .12; Red Blurt 12.08, last seas >n 13.49. past
24 hours .08: i-an 1-rancisco il 38. last season
1209, past 24 hours .18; Fresno 4.77, last season
40^. past 24 hours .04; San Luis Obispo 9.78,
last season 11.69, past 24 hours .08: Los Angeles
8 41, last season 5. 47, past 24 hours .01; San
Diet'O 6 53, last season 2.52, past 24 hours. oo;
Yuma 4.62, last season .32, past 24 hours 00.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 52,
minimum 43. mean 48. ,
An extensive area of low pressure lies alon? the
Tactic Coast to-night. Rain has fallen from Ros^
burg to Los Anseles and heavy winds are reported
along tbe coast. Tbe area of hii;n pressure which
has overlain the Rocky Mountain region is moving
very slowly southeastward. The low off the Pa
cific coast will probably therefore continue on the
coast for nt least 48 hours.
The temperature has remained nearly stntli nary
over the entire Pacific Slu-pe. It has risen about 8
deereesover the Rocky Mountain and plateau re
giom.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatoosh Island 36 miles per hour from
tbe east. Fort Canby 34 cas., Portland 82 east, and
Po.nt Reyes 34 northeast.
Southeast storm signals are continued along the
cobs: of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnipht. January 'JB, 1897.
Northern California— Kain Tnuraday; south
easterly winds high along the coast.
Southern California— Rain Thursday; fresh
southeasterly wind.
Neva la — cloudy Thursday; rain In extreme
western pori lon.
Utah— cloudy Thursday.
Arizona— Cloudy Thursday and probably rain.
San Francisco and vicinity— Rain Thursday;
fresh southeasterly winds.
ALEXANDER McA P E,
Local Forecast Official.
MEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 27.-Speculatlon at the
Stock Exchange was lifeless a-rain to-day. Here
and there, owing- to special causes, some wide
changes were noted, but the majori y of the usual
ly active Issues dragged along in a listless way.
A feature of tbe session was the depression in the
Hocking Valley securities, the common falling 2:-,
to 7, the lowest figure yet reached. The consoli
dated fives dropped 8 1 i to 68 and the general fives
6 to 63, the foimer subsequently ra lying to 70%
and the stock to By a . The break was due mainly
to forced sales of securities held in loans. Reports
of a receivership could not be confirmed, although
the rumor was again widely circulated. In Feb
ruary and March the company has interest charts
of about $300,000 to meet.
In consequence tho effort of the managers ofthe
bituminous roads to settle their differences aDd
res>oie rates Is anxiously awaited. The Ohio soft
cat roads were in session at Columbus. Ohio, tc
day, but up to the close nothing of a definite char
acter could be obtained. The anthracite coaers
were also heavy at times: Delaware and Hudson
and Lackawanna were pressed for sale on fears of
unfavorable annual r -ports. The first-named
company submitted its statements for tbe year
ended December 31, 1*96. lust near the close. It
showed a loss of net earnings of 1590,243 and a de
ficit of $684,983. Jn 1895 the deficit was 9851,
--606. Dividend* earned last year were a fraction
over 5 per cent, against 6% In 1895. In both
years 7 per cent was paid to me stockholders.
The Lf ckawauna report will come later in the
week, and the best information is that this com
pany will also make a poor showing. The market
was not specially influenced by the heaviness of
the coal properties, and held tolerably firm until
the pub ication of the Delaware and Hudson re
. port, when a slightly weaker tone was noticeable.
■ At one lime the grangers showed a tendency to
cut aloof from the g neral market, tbe December
statement of the St. Paul having exceeded the ex
pectations of the bulls. For the period named th«
road reported a gain in net clearings of 94148. It
was said that the Burlington report for the same
month will also show a slight increase In net
. earnings. This statement is looked for. - Outside
of issues named, them was nothing In the market
to call for special comment. Commisslor.-house
business continued dull, whi.e London operators
cut no figure whatever in the dealings. '
Speculation cosed quiet. ' Net changes show loss
Of 14 to . 1% per cent, the latter In Delaware and
Hudson, Long Island alvanced 'i per cent to 46
. FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
• WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1954.
CENTBAL OFFICE
€23 Market St.. Palace Hotel. Pur ly <k Atkinson,
Managers- Tel. Main 5144. r^MP^
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Koom). Tel Main U9l.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, s. F. -
CHICAGO. PJtUVATJS WJLKJE. SJcW YOBS.
as compared with the last recorded sale Xt the
Stock Exchange. Toial sales weru ouly 599.524
shares, including 12,100 Burlington aud 11,500
Sugar. • /
Bonds were lower to-day. Transaction $ aegre
gated $1. 420,000. The feature or the trading was
In Hocking Valle • Issues, the ronsolicl- ted lives
dropping Byi to 68&70%@70i / 4 and the. general
sixes 6 to 63. Fort Worth and Rio Grande first
fives fell 1 to 44: Iron Mod itain xeueral consoli
dated fives, 1 to 75: Kansas Pacific con
solidated sixes cer Ificnte?, 1% to 75%;
lake Krie and 'Western, 1% to 113y ;
Ohio Southern first fixes, 1% to 6&%: St. Paul.
I.acKawnnna and I'avenport rives. 1 to 109, and
Uuited Elevated sixes. 2i/s to 70. Morris ana
hsstx first sevens rose 1% to 143: Oregon hort
1 Line consolidated fives certificates, IV4 to 69%:
Omaha co..so!i lated sixes, 1 % to 129. Albany,
Susquebann.l Cousoll lated sixes, IV2 to HHi/ 3 ;
Canada Southern firsts. 1 to 110; Detroit, MacKi
diw and AlarqueLte land Crams, 2 to 20: Equi
table Gas of Cncat;o sixes. 1% to 99. and Kansas-
Pacific Denver Division sixes, -'1/2 to 116.
In Government bonds *5 10,000 coupon fours of
lJ(2li sold at 123Vi@123% and S3UOO do of 1907
at 112%. The new fours fold within a fraction
of the best figures ever reached for these bonds
and reflect the snarp demand for gilt-edge bonds.
Grain.
FLOUR — Dull: steady. Winter Wheat, low
trades. $2 30@2 35; fair to fancy, «3 50@4 75;
do patents, $4 95<a5 15: Minnesota cear, $■■* 50
(04: do straights', $4@4 45; do patents, $:■! 95®
5; low extra* *2 3U(gM 35; City Mills. $.'<gis 25;
do patents, $5 20@5 45: Kye mx ure. $3@3 60;
superfine, $2 6 @3 20: fine, *i fcO(d>3 la.
s-outhern tlour, dv.l. steady; common to fair ex
tra. f3 iO@3 65: good to choice do. $3 75@4 05.
Kye flour, quiet, steady, at $2 86@3 16.
COKMMKAL— Steady, quiet. Yellow Western,
SI 80®.: 50. , „ n
BYjl— Dull; weak. 40c c. i. f. Buffalo; No. 2
Western, 46% c'• °- b -
BaKLEY— DuII, steady; S.Si/ a @29%c c. I 1,
Buffalo.
HEAT— Spot market dull, easier with options,
clooing firm; f. o. b., 94% c; ungraded red, 76©
85c; No. 1 Northern, 88%<--
Options opened weak and declined IVB@ ll /2 C on
weaker cables, furetgn selling, weak West and
local liquidation, tallied %@VB<3 on local cover
ing, fell i/ B @Vicon late 'ore.gn selling and closed
steady ai ••' / 4(g,i 1 ,i^ below yesterday with trading
more active.- May and July most active.
Jauuary, 85% c; March, 861/sC; May, 92ygc;
July. 80c. •
CORN— Spots dull; firmer. No 2, 28S/»c ele
vator, 293/gc afloat: steamer mixed, 27% c.
Options weak and unchanged to 1-ioc lower,
advanced i/B@Vic with the West, closing firm at
J.gc over yesterday with a dull trade. May and
July only traded in. January, 28 %c; July, 30% c
OATS- spot dull, steady.
Options, near mo it easier; January, 21c; Feb
ruary, 21c; -May, -2i\
spot prices: 'No. 2. 22c; No 2, white, 24c;
No. 2 Chicago, 23c; No. 3. 2OV4C: No. S white,
22c; mixed Western, -.2*28^0; white do, 23@29J.
- Provisions.
UKr- Quiet. Western ■team, $4 17%: City,
$3 65; Jnnua.y, (4 12. nominal: refined dull; Con
tinent. 94 50; south American, 94 75; compound,
4 1 /4@4V 3 c
FoitK— Quiet, easy. Mess. $8 26@9.
BUTTKi — Quiet. Fancy steady; v extern Cream
ery, 13@20c: do factory, 7@i4c; ISiglns, 20c;
imitation creamery, ll(a,l 6".
CHiKSK — strong, moderately active. Part
skims, s(a9c; full skims. 3@-- t
EUGS— Firmer. Jcebons*. 12%@13%c: Western
fresh. IBV3C: do case, J2©3.
TALLOW — Firm. City, 3%c: country. 31/4®:: %c
COTTONSEED OI 4.— Steady. Crude. 20c; yet
low prime, 23@23V4C.
KlCK— Firm. Domestic, 3%®6c; Japan, 3%©
3s 4 c.
MOLASSES— Steady: moderate demand. New
Orleans, 2 2@32c.
Co* 'FEE— Barely stead*, unchanged to 5 points
up. Marrn and .April. $9 40: May, $9 40@9 45;
July. $9 45; September. *9 45©9 50: October,
!99 50: December. *9 50 a 9 55. .-pot Bio dull,
i steady; No. 7, 9%c
SUGAR— Refined, quiet. OB A, 3%"34 c;
mold A. 4%c: Bißixlara A, 41/4": confectioners'
A. /8 c: cut loaf, 4%c: crushed. 4%e; powdered,
4%c; granulated, 414 c; cubes, 4%c.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Baas. B@llc.
] I- a <'U Efc— Unpeeled, bags, 7@9c; peeled, bxs,
12%@13c.
l-Ki.NES- Four sizes, 61/sc
RAISINS— Two-crown, loose mv catel. 4%c 9
&>: 3-crown, 6V 2 c: 4-crown. 6%c; London layers,
$1 30r$l 60; cluster*, SI 60@l 90.
A MONKS— Soft shell, B@9%c; do paper shell,
ll@l2c. , •
~ WALNUTS— Standard. 7c; soft shell, 9c.
HOPS— Firm. Pacific Coast. 3%@13c
WOOL— Quiet. Pulled, Ifc(fr3lc'; Texas, 7@l2c
Merchandise.
FIGIRON— Firm. American. Sll©l3.
COPPKR-Firm. Lake. $12.
LEAD- Steady. Domesuc. .• H 05@3 la
■UN— Steady. Straits, SI S 70® 13 75; plates,
quiet.
SPELTER-Easy. Domestic, $3 85®3 96.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. In,, Jan. 27.— Wheat was in a com
pletely demoralized and panicky condition this
morning. Openiug at th« '-Puts" prices dropped
without hindrance until 76% c tor May was
reached, where a little demand seemed to spring
up. and a moderate rally then took place. Com
mission houses were heavy se.lers, tnelr sales rep
resenting pyramids built se\ eral months ago.
The bears were merciless In taeir selling, many
remembering the chastisement they received in
the bulte which look place during the latter part
of I^-96. Liverpool gave unqualified recognition
to our weakness o yesterday, declining from 1%
@'.'i4d. Snow was raported throughout the West,
w in. v was of vast lmportancj to the new crop.
Receipts a Chicago were 35 earn, and bi, -16
bushelt were taken from store. Ihe Northwest
had l<2cars against SIX lav Wedneslay and 441
a year ago. Closing Continental cablet were
lower Export clearances amounted to 31t>.909
bushels. May wheat opened : rom 77c to 76Vic.
declined to 76% c c'.osini at 16^$:, lc under yes
terday. Estimated receipt ■* tor to-uiorrow 30 cars.
No. 2 red, spot, wheat ranged trom 84% cto a~c,
ClOiiDK at 855/ B ®H45, B C.
C«>RN — The corn market was neglecred, all
speculative attention being centered In wheat.
Business was slower than usual an! piice fluctua
tions were narrow, reflecting in ibe;r direction the
depressed condition of wheat. Receipts were 148
can. and 68 840 bushels were taken from store.
Llverpoo cab es were i/^d lower. Export clear
ances amounted to 394. iB9 busnels. Wbeu wheat
rallied corn showed a disposition to advance. May
corn ooened at 2.^5%c : sold between that price and
2 3%<&24c, closing at the latter. ig<g»i/4C higher
than yesterday. Estimated receipts lor to-mo -
row 234 car«.
OATS— What was true of corn was applicable to
ous. They were dull and a.mosi neglected, with
the little trading there was Indicating nothing
other than sympathy with oth-r markets. Re
ceipts were 166 tars. There were no withdrawals
from sture Exports amounted to 186.032 busti
els. May closed V*c higher. Estimated receipts
for 10 morrow 130 cars.
: FLAX— Was steady. Cash. No. 1, 74% c; North
i western. 76V.sc: May, 7634<£77c: July, 78V*C bid;
September, Sue. Receipts were 27 cars.
PROVISIONS— llietone of tlie provision mar
ket was a little firmer.. T be hog market afforded
no strength, nor did grain, but there was some
demand from packers and that served to sin: am
1 prices easiW. Later. wu«n a very weak feeling
was reported In hogs, the product market eas d
off, closing "ViCailOc lower for May pork and So i
each for May arJ and ribs.
BUTTKR— The butter marKet was fairly active
and ilrru; fancy in -kes wera still In good request.
Trices were unchanged.
creameries— 2oc: extras. 18@!9c; first*. 17@18c;
seronds,l4@l6c; imitations, fancy, 1 14c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c; firsts. liiailbc. seconds. 9ltfloc.
j Ladles— Extras, 10®llc: Ursu. »y 3 te9y a c; p-tktuj
' kiock. 8c; grease, '1 1 /&@'Ac; run buuer. )oc.
I offerings were moaeiate and the de-
I maud good: <■ firm feeing cou.inueJ to prevail.
! Frrsb stock 16V»c V dozen.
MONEY— Was 4y 2 @sJs on call and 6% on time
I loans. New Yurie exchange was quoted at 500
i discount.
(losing Prices.
! WHEAT— January. 74% c; May. 76%«: July,
! 7»VsC ■* ■ "
CORN— January. 2'ic: May, 23%@24c; July,
25c: September. 26c.
OATf-January. 1614 c: May, 17%@175 / 4c;
July, 18^@lh% .
January. 97 75: May, 97 85.
LARD— January, *3-&: May. 93 97y».
January, 93 97%: May, 94.
. Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111.. Jan. 27.-About
'.'9,000 head of cattle hive arrived here during the
I first half of the week as compared with 32,611 for
the same portion of lav. week and 30,335 for the
corresponding perioJ in 1890. Since Monday the I
recfiip s have been light and have b?en running
behind other weeks Today with an estimated
ran of 10,000 in .'re was an active demand at gen
erally stronger {trices, and deslra . lo.s sold at
about 10 cents per 100 pounds higher. Butch
ers' stuff and feeders shared in t be rise. The cold
we-uticr Is cutting down the marketing of hots
very material, v, aud trie receipts are falling far
below recent wee<s. Barely 86.000 ho^s have
arrived during the past tnre» days against 125.400
for the same period last wesic, 70,703 a year ago
ana 89,8 HO two years ago. Packers are not buy
ing as urgently as of late, but the limited oftVrln-s
are a'l lateen, and prices show no essen ial change
[ from day to day. - Trade was rather animated to
j day, the feelln? Nt first bring stoady, but trie close
i was weak. Notwltnstandli.g the severe weather
the receipts or sheep for th first half of the we.'k
are within 1500 head or the corresponding part of
last week, and about the name number for the
corresponding: time a year ago.
CAT! LX— Receipts, 10 000. I- ancy beeves, 95 30
05 50: choice to prime 1350@17U0 lt> steers, $4 *5
'dJS 25; good to choice 1250(«i60O tt> steers. 94 50$
4 80: medium steers. 12uO@ 1350 ».s. 94 10@4 45:
lair beef steers, x 9OO@USO lbs, $3 8004 j6: com
mon be«f steers, 950§.1160 lbs, $« 30(i&.i 75: good
to prime stockers ana fteders. »3 75@4 15: fair to
good stockersand feeders, 93 -'603 75; bulls, choice
to extra, $3 at @3 85 : cows and heifers, choice to
prime, 93 30@3 8i; cows, fair to choice, 11 50»
3 40: cows. lutnmoD to fair canners, $1 78@2 45;
calves, lotancy, ?5 60®6 60; calves, common
to good, S3 50@ti Texas ted steeri. $3 su®4 30:
milkers and sprinters, V head, $25040.
HOGS -Receipts, 26,000. Heavy , packing and
shipping lots, $3 30®3 62%: common to choice
mixed, $3 35(c53 55; ctioice assorted, $8 ij(i
3 bO: light, $3 :-!sia.b t»0: pigs 93 20@3 t»0. '
is HKj-.P— Receipts. 14,000. Inferior to choice.
5 2 6C@3 9j; lambs, $3 60@5.
. Receipts at Omaha.
WWW OMAHA. Vibb.. Jan 27.-HOO!*-Re
ceipts, 3800. Market about 5c lower, closln;
wekK. Lieut auu mixed, 93 oO@3 45: heavy.
f 3 1:0(23 30. . ■ ..'■
•CATTLK— Receipts. 230 U. Market firm, with
feeders weak ; cows. 91 &o©3 60: feeders. 83
@3 90; steers, $ 3 60®8 55. »e~««. *o
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 2S, 1897.
SHEEP- Receipts, 2100. Market firm. Mut
tons, $3 30. ...
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 27.—HOGS—Re
ceipt*, 1 3,000. Easier 10 5c lower. Light, $3 30®
3 40: medium, *3 2ft@S 37%; heavy, $3 20®
3 32%: pUs $3 10@3 20
I CAiTLE — Receipts, 6JOO. Strong. Native
: steers, best, $4 25@t 80; fair to good, $3 26
I @-l 25; cows Hivl ueifers bast. $3 2U@:< 60; fair
i 10 good. SI 80@<20: bulls $2 25®S 40: stock
era i' mi feeders, tl l0@:-i 15; lexa< and Western,
*'.' 50@4 05: calves, $i@ll. ■
feii.fc.KP— .Receipts, 2500. Easy, 6c lower.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares. t 1
Money on call easy at 1 1 .3@-%: last loan
1%%. and closing at 1%%. Prime mercantile pa.
per, 3@3%%. Sterling exchange is firm, . with
actual business in Dancers' bills at $4 84%@4 85
for 60 days and $4 8t>8.4@4 87 for demand. j
Posted rates, $4 85@4 87%. Bar silver, - 66c.
Mexican dollars, sU%<ssl%c. Commercial bills,
Si 83@4 Hi. Government bonds ' strong; Slate
bonds dull; railroad bonds irregular. Silver was
higher.
CLOBINO STOCKS.
Am Tei & Cable... 85 North American... 4%
Atchtson 14V* Northern Pacific. 13
Prejerred... Preferred 33«/ i
Adams Express. ..l6o Northwestern 1041/4
Alton, Terre Haute 56 Preferred ib-i
American ExpressMO N V Central 93
American Tobacco 74 NY, Ciilcaeo<fea't L 12
Preferred 107 VS. Ist preferred..... 80
Bay btate Gas 13% 2d preferred...:.. 25
Baltimore <fc Ohio.. 15 SY&-NH 175%
Brunswick Lands. /B |n V & New Eng... 38
Buffalo, Koch &P. 16 MY' Susq <fc W.... HV4.
Canada Pacific... 64i/ 4 Preferred 23%
Canada Southern.. 45 Ontario 1014
Canton Land 60% ntarlo <fc Western li s
Central Pacific 13 Oregonlmprovmnt— —
Ches & Ohio 17% OPrele-red —
Chicago Alton 165 Oregon Navigation IS
Preferred 174 Oregon Short Line. 16
Chicago, B <feQ.... 74 Pacific Mall 25 Vi
Chicago & E 1U.... 39 Peona. D <fc Evans 2'
Preferred 70 I'lttsburc & W pfd. 15
Chicago Gas.. 77'/ 8 Puilman Palace.... 152
Clev«*& PtttsDurg.lll Quicksilver 55
Consolidation Coal. 34 • Preferred 10
Consolidated Ga5. .149 Readlnjr. 26
CO St Louih... 27% RioGrande&Westn 12
Preferred 73%' i referred. 40
Colo Fuel <t Irca.. aft I Rock Island 67 3 4
Preferred ... fcO !RomeWat&Oeden.ll7%
Cotton Oil Cert.... 12%'8tL<fcBW. 4
Commercial Cable. 158 1 Preferred 10%
Del Hudson lOßVsbt Paul... 78
Del Lack&Weßtrn.ls3V*l Preferred ' i 31%
Denver <fc R G 11V ? Paul <fc Duluth.. 20
Preferred 43% i Preferred 38
Clstillers. St Paul & Omaha.. 60
General Electric... 34f>!8 ! Preferred 133
Erie 145fe'StHM<teto 11» •
Preferred 34 (Silver Certificates. 65 /4
Fort Wayne .166 (Southern Pacific. 14%
Great Northern dMIIB Southern R X KVs
■ireen Bay I Preferred 2U :i /i
Harlem 292 Sugar Refinery 117
Hocking coal- 38^ Preferred 1033/*
Hocking Valley... b3/g Ter m C0..l & Iron.. 'JOVa
Homestake 35 Preferred B'J
H & Texas Central M) Texas Pacific 9V4
Illinois Central.... 93% Tol A A & N Mich.
lowa Central. 6% Tol Ohio & Central 20
Preferred 24V?i Preferred 60
Kansas & Texas... 13% Tol at Louis &X 0 5%
Preferred ..... 303/ 8 Preferred......... 16
Kingston & Penu.. 3 Onion Pacific 7vs
Lake Erie & Westn 168,4 U p Den &Gulf.... 2
Preferred..: 67Va B Cordage. —
! Lake Snore ....162 : Preferred
i National Lead 25Vi Guaranteed
Preferred b9% D S Express 38
; Long Islan 1 115 V S Leather. 9
! Louisville <!fc Nash. 50 Preferred 61%
I Louisvllir, Aiony hi V 8 Rubber 22
Preferred IV* Preferred 74 1 /4
Manhattan C0n.... 9ii/ 4 Utlca <fc B River...
Memphis & Charts 15 Wai) SL & Pacific 6V4
Mexican Central... «% Preferred 15%
Michigan Central,. 88 Wells-Farga 98
j Allnn<&SL 'Western Union 84
Preferred onsin Central. 2
Minn bt L com.. 18% Wheeling & L E... 2VB
Ist prei6rred 78 i Preferred 9V*
2d Dref crrod . ... 47 lAm CoitouOil pfd. 55
Missouri Pacific... 22 W U Beef 6%
Mobile & Ohio. ... 21 : Ann Arbor 9
Nashville & Chute. 67% : Preferred 24
National Linseed.. 13 I Brooklyn Traction. 18
NJ Central 99 Erie 2d pfd. 19
Norfolk & Westrn. lli/s American Spirits.. 1314
Preferred 17 Preferred 31»/»
CLOSJSO XOVDS.
Ala Class A ««..... 103 Northern Pac lsts.HSy a
Do Class B 4, 55. 102 Do 2dt,
Alabama, class C. 96 Do Sds. 80
Atchison 43 811/s DoconsolSs 66Vs
Do Ms A 47i/ 8 Or lmprovmni Ist. 83
Canada South 2d«.107 Do6s.; 18%
ten Paclstsof'9s. l, R fc N lsts. HlVs
Cherokee 4s, 1396.104 Doconsol 5s —
Do 1897 104 Or Short Line .114%
. DOIB9K 104 j Doconsol 5s 69%
Do 1899 104 Pacific 6sor '97....
Ches & Ohio 65.... Pblla<t Reading 4s Hi
Ch&NPTr Rcisss 41% Do Ist tncom. 46%
D C 3-653. lU9V4 R Grande West lsui 74
Den &KG Ist 11l St L&lronMtGenss 75%
Do «s 8« Si L&sFGen tis..lu9*/ 8
ErW2ds 65 St Paul Consols.... 130
FtW&DenClty Ists 63 -t PC& Pa Ists ..116
GH&SAOS 107 - So Carolina 4%.*... JO7V*
Do 2d 7s 90 Southern R R 05. .. 8-Ji/o
i Gen EleoDeb&s... 9f>% Do Pac Cal lsts. .
I H & Tex Centss...lO6%Tenn new 35....... 77%
Do con 6s. 101 Texas Pac Ist* 84
I lowa Centralists.. 96% 1 exas Pac 2a» 21%
; Kansas Pa Consols 7j Va Union Pac Ists 96.10-1
I K.i Pa lsts Den Dlvl 16 U«4s re of 1925. 12'-' VI
jLa Cousol 45........ 95 Do 4s, coupon 128%
Missouri funding... V 8 4s reg of 1907. 111%
MX T ids 61% Do4s. coupon ...112V4
Do4s 84 Do2s 96
Mobile <ft Ohio 45.. 67 Do 5 reg 113%
; Mutual Union 65.. 110 Do ss. coupon 114%
jN J Cent Gen 55... 116 V* funding rteot... «>2l/*
N YC<feßCLouls4slony 8 Doregistered
Nor& West Gen 6*117 Do deferred 65... 6
N Carolina con 4s. 100 Do trust rcpt stud 6
Do 6s 12 i Wabash Ist 6a lOH^-g
North west Consols. 141 West baoxe 4j* 106%
Jbooeu 6b HO%
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVKRFOOI.
LIVERPOOL, Eso., Jan. 27.— spot market
fa lower at 6s ll%d@7s l%d. Cargoes are easier
at 84s 9d, sailers, prompt shipment.
FDTnBES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: Jan-
I vary, 6s 5%d: February. 655% d; Ma:cn, 6s 6iAd:
May, Us 6y 2 d; Jane, 6s 6 Via.
bkcubitiks.
LONDON. Ens., Jan. Consols. 1128/.; sil
| ver, 29 13-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 70a
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
i Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — S4 861/1
j Sterling Exchange, sight — 488V4
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, Right. — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine silver, per ounce — 65 "
Mexican Dollars 62 62%
PKODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND O Til Kit GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures declined 4c on the first call,
but subsequently steadied. Spot Wheat was weak
and dull. Quoted a: $1 35(g»l 45 is ctl for common
| grades, $1 47-y2@l 48% lor average So' 1, 81" 50
I @1 5 IV* (or choice and »1 65@1 60 If) ell for extra
choice milling.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Kkssion— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo
Ctls. $144%: 20U0, $1 44V 3 : 28.000, 81 44:
24,000. 81 4084; 10,000. $1 43"A: 4UOO, 9) 4::V S 
-21)00, $1 43?/ 8 : 20U0, $1 441/ ; 2iOO. .$1 -.4^.
Decem'er-tfOOO, 91 20: 40Oi>, SI 19 3 / i: 2UOu
»i 197/8: 2000, 91 *vy 2 ; 2000, 91 21*4; aooo,
;$1 21%: 2000, il6/ ; 6000, $1 S/%.
Sxcoxri ■ session— May— 6ooo ctls, SI 44%:
84,000. 81 4«Va- Jjecember 91 22y 8 : JOOO,
*1 23.
Regular MORXINB Sjcssion— Ml>y— 32,000 ctls.
91 41%; 20,000, $1 41%: 18.000, 81 45; 6000,
91 44 i/j: 2LUO, $1 443/. Lite mber- 2000, $1 21% :
20,000. $1 21 Va: 20,ui;0, 91 2is^. v *
Afterxoojj •- KBBION— —2000 Ctls, $1' 44;
16,0.10, $143%: 3% 000, $. 43%; 34,0»<i,
81 4°.i%: BUOO. *1 4;> %: 2000, $1 481/41 -8,000
91 *3%. December— .ooo, $121: MJOO, 81 a HA;
6UOO, $1 21%; 10,000, $1 21%; BUOO. Cl 21» /4 .
BAKJLJE Y— cnevalier li about cleaned up. F«^d
Is lower and bard to sell, .brewing is also dull.
We quote Feed, 75@80c V ctl; choice bright, U\\A&
82V&c; Brewing, bfiA@9sr. .
CALL BOARD HALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo
ctls, 78V2C. •- . ' ' .
SKCOND Session— May — 4000 Ctls, 79c.
l:t(,r,MR MoKNING - KBSION — May— 6ooo CtlS,
78% c; 4000. 7bi4c; 2000, 783/ 8 c : 18.000, 78y 3 c
afternoon SESSION— May— 4OOO . ctls, '-78C:
2000, 78y c: 20t0 78V4c.
OATs-i-amy Feed are quotable at 81 45: Com
mon to good White, $1 10681 35 f, ctl. according
I to quality. Black far feed, 96c@$l 10; for sped,
I $1 20@l 80; Gray, nomina ; Red. SI 07V (fl}l 12%;
Surprise. $1 si-@l 60 V* ctl. . •,..
C'OKN— There is apparently no. cessation to the
stream of imports from the East. Large Ye low,
75@77%c; Small Ronnd do, 90<g,U2Vic; White, 75
@bUo t» ctl. .
KYt-90(595c
BUCK I -Quoted at $1 16@1 25 $ ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOOR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras. 9&@5 10: Bakers' extras. $4 90@5; Super
fine 84 Jb@4 60 do!.
tOUNMEAL, KTC Feed Corn, $17 60@18;
Cracked Corn. $18 60319 9 ton.
MILLSTUKFS-Prlces In sneks areas follows,
usunl discount to the trade: Graham Flour. $2 85
* 100 lbs; Kye Flour, $2 75 %* 100 lbs: Rice Flour,
tb 75: Cornmeal. 92 35; extra cream do, $3:
oatmeal, 93 50; Oat. Groats. 94; Hominy, $3 10
@3 30: Buckwheat Hour, 93 20@3 50: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina, 94; Whole Wheat Floor.
$3: Roiled Oats (bbU), $5 60@5 90; Pearl Barley,
93 76©4; Split Peas, 93 60; ortea do, 94 25 f*
100 lbs. --: ■■--..:
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Choice Hay Is firm, bat ' the lower grades are
weak.'' '
BRAN— SI 2 50Qt13 for the best and $12 $ ton
for ouls.de brands. '
MIDDLINGS— $18@19 for lower grades and
$20@20 50 ft too for the best. .. ;
KfcKDsTUFFs* — oiled Barley, $18@)8 bO;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 60 %* ton; jobbing,
$27 60: dpped cats, 81 3u(»l 50 * ctl.
liA Y— Wheat, $Kjjll; heat and Oat, »7@
10: Oat, $6@3: Barley. 97@8 50; River Baney,
$5@6 60; • Alfalfa, : $6@7 60; compressed, $6®
9 60; stock, $6@6: clover, fB@B •* ton.
bTitA W-25!f1,50c $ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 40@l 55 f> ctl; Small
White*. $1 15«41 25$ cU: Large Whites, $ I®l 15 3
ctl;P nks, «1 05@l 20: Reds, *1 1001 20: Black
eye, H 10@l 16: Ken Kidney. $J 50: Llmas, $1 60
@1 70: Butters, 11 25@1 50; Pea, *1 lo@l 30.
bKEDs— Brown Mustard. $2 5002 75: Yellow
Mustard, $1 75iq|2 « c.l- Flax. $1 35@1 40- Canary
Be-d, 13/iftgvVic * Ib: Alfalra, 61/41:; Rape. 2%@
2S/ic. Hemp, dc; Timothy, 4i^c.
OHIKD PKAS— Niles. »I@l 20* ctl; Green,
$1 40@l 50 $ cU
POTATOES, tNIONi, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes ana Onions rule firm. Vegetables are
quiet.
. POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2@3c *p ft: Sweet
Potatoes, $1 25@1 60: Early Rose.-70@85c: River ,
Reds.6s@7sc; Burbunk Seedlines. 60@75c *$ ctl for
Rivers and 78c@Sl 10 lor Salinas; Oregon Bur
banks. 90c@$l U. .■ . .
ONIONS— SI 25@1 70 '$ ctl: Oregons, $1 60@
1 »'i. -■■■.:■'..■■ .
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. 50o@$l
doz; Hothouse Asparagus. b@2sc * Ib: Rhu
barb, 14 box: Los Angeles bummer Squash,
suc(a)sl $ box; Los Angeles Gre«-n Peppers, 26©
60c: Mushrooms. £@16c "$ 1b: Marrowfat squash.
?6@6 i* ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes, 75r@*l *6 V
box; Dried Peppers, 7@Bc %* Ib; Green Peas, 3@sc
«* ft; Los Angelts String iieahs. 4«a.9c; Dried
OKrn, «@9c Jb; Cabbnge, 40@60c *ctl; Carrots,
25@R00 * sack: Garlic, @2c * Ib.
BCTTJSK, CHINESE AND EGGS.
BUTTETt— Quotations show no further variation.
Cbkameky — Fancy, near-by Creameries. 20®
21c; some specials brine more; seconds. 18@19c;
fancy Humboldt, 22@23c f> Ib. .
Dairy— Fancy, -16@16c; good to choice, 13®
14c: lower grades, 10@12c 1* ft.
Pickled— l3@l4c $>. ft.
Firkin— lafg, 4c %) ft.
Creamery Tub— l6@lßo fl ft.
CHEESE— Choice mild new is quotable at 10
@10% c Ib: common to good old, B<a9c; Cream
Cheddar, ll@12c; Youns; America, lie; Western,
ll@12c: Eastern. 13@14VsC
EGOS— Weak and unchanged. But few store
F.gus can be bought at the lowest figure. Ranch
Eggs. lS@2oc: store Eggs. 16@17y a c; Eastern,
l&c $ uoz. : ■
POCLTRT AND CAME.
POULTRY-A car of Eastern sold at 12@13c for
Turkeys, $5 25@5 50 for Hens, $4 75@5 for
young Roosters and $4 2£>@4 50 for Fryers.
Home stock showed no particular change. ,
Live Turkeys, 12@13c %i ft for Gobblers, 13®
14c « ft for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 14@16c * Ib:
Geese, * pair. $1 f>o@: 75: Ducks, $6<a>6 60 1* doz;
Hens, $3 £o@4 50: Roosters, youn*. S4u6 V <ioz:
do, old, $8 60@4: Fryer«, $4@4 60: Broilers, $3 50
@4 25 for large and $2 50@3 26 for small: Pigeons,
$2 %* doz for young and $1 lor old.
GAMK— English .-nlpe quotable at $ 2 60@» $
doz: Jack snipe, $160 W dozen: Hare, 75c@$l ;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $I@l 25 for
small; Gray Geese, $2 60; White Geese, 76c@?l;
Brant, $1 25@l 50: Honkers, $4.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, SOc@«l ?t box for choice, $1 35@1 50 for
fancy Red, &0@750 for common; Eastern, $1 50
@3 '$ bbl.
Pears, 2 Oc i* box. •
Persimmons, 35@65c $ box.
BEKRIKS—
Eastern Cranberries, t ß@7 50 V bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS-Fresh Mexican Limes will
probably be offered to-day. Oranges continue dull.
Mandarin Oranses. 85c@$l * box: Navel Oranges,
*2@2 50; seedlings, stl@l 25 * box: wmoDs.
76c@$l 50 for common and $2@2 60 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes : California Limes.
$1 50@l 75; Bananas, *l®a * bunch; Pineapples,
$2§il« doz. . ■ ,__
DRIED FRUITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— -
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follows:
iarload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 689 c
for Koyals and ' liy a @l2c for choice to fancy I
Moorparks: Prunes, 3Vsc for the 4 sizes Peaches,
I 4@si^e for prime to choice, 6Vi®7c for fancy and
I 9@!oc for peeled in boxes; apples, 6@5V S :; It
evaporated and •-■(B'JVic for sun-dried: rears, 'i^t
®5c for prime to choice, 4@sy->c for quarters anil
6@6y-c tor halves: Plums, 4c for pitted and l^o
for unpltted; Nectarines, 3y a @4V a c for choice and
6y 2 c lor fancy; W^iie Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2V4
(§.2y2C
Jobbino Prices— Peaches, . 4V2@ s^i c * ">!
fancy, 6ys>@7y2C ¥ Ib; peeied. 121/jjo ft. Apri
cots, 6V2<gttte "V Ib: tancy, 10c: Moorparks. li©
' 13c; evaporated Apples, 6 3 /ic: sun-dried, 2%@3c;
i Prunes. 3S / i@4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c for
impressed an.. 3@3y 2 c for pressed: white Jrigs, 4c:
Plums, 4Vk(3's c 'or pitted und .IV2C for unpitted;
Nectarines, 4(&6c f> Ib for prime to fancy; Pears,
2Vjj(g;sc for whole, 4V2@sVa c tor Quarter* and
4L 2 '' itil/ 3 c for halves.
Ka i SINS— i ■
I'abload Prices — Four- crown, loose, siyß c ; i
three-crown, 43/ 8 o f, Ib; two-crown, 33/»c V H>: i
seedless sultanas, 6V2C: seedless Muscatels. 4S/ 8 c; I
three-crown London layers, $1 15: clusters, 41 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial dusters, ,43;
dried Grapes. 3c ift ft. ,•', ;- ; -
Jobbing Prices— Sax Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 6^40; "3-CTOwn, 4%c; 2-crown, S',4c: seed
less Suitanas, 53^C: seedless Muscatels, 4V2c;
3-crown London layers, $1 25: clusters,. $1 60:
Dehtsa clusters, 82 75: Imperial clusters, (3 25.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8@10c: Walnuts,
6%fai7c %( tt> fc r staudard and 9^9Vio V Ib for
soitshell; Almonds, 6@6y o for Laueuedoc, 3® ,
3V 2 c for hardshell and sjjSJc %ft for paper shell; 1
; Pi-anuts, 4@6c fl Ib for ii^eni ana 4c for Cali
i fornia; Hickory Nuts, 6@tic %< Ib; Pecan*. 7yj@
8c %1 Ib; Fllbtrts, 7y«®Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7Vi@ac;
Cocoanuts, *" 4(a.5 ft 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c for bright and 6®9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s^4', c;
light amber extracted 4V2@* /4 c i dark aiau«r,
4@4y2c: dark. 2(a3c » ft.
iJth.SWAX-^2(is;26c * ft. .
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c V ft for heavy, 7o
1* Ib for light medium, 9VaC for light, 10c V Ib for
extra light and liy 2 c 1* Ib for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12@lVJi/2C: California
Hams, 10(j£10Vsc: Mess Beer, $"(g)7 50: extra
mess do. SB&S 60: family do. »9 oO@10; extra
prime Pork, *7 50 @ 8: extra clear, SIB * bbl;
mess. $14 ft bbl: Smoked Beet 10c %* ft.
LARD— Eastern, tierce?. Is quoted at oy 3 c for
compound and 6@6Vac for puie: pails, 7c: Calll
fornlti tierces, s@sVa c *Ib for compound and 6V*c
for pure: half-bDls, 6%c; 10-Ib tins, 714 c: do, 6-ft,
7V2<-" f* tt>.
CUT IOLENE— In tierces and 7%®8y 8 c
in 10- ft tins. '
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brand* sell 10
9 ft under sound stock. Heavy salted steers 8c:
medium. 7c * Ib: llsjht, 6c %* ft: Cowhides. 6c:
sailed Kip. 6c * ft: salted Calf. 7@Bc: salted
Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. 12@130 * ib : culls and
brands, 9@loc: dry Kip and Veal,9®ioc;dry Calf,
16c: culls. 10c; Goatskins, 20«>35c each: Kids, I
6c; De<>rskin«, good summer, '-'be t* ft: medium,
20c: winter, 10c; sheepskins, shearlings, 10@20c
each; short wool. 25@3&ceach; medium, 30@15c I
each; lone wools, 40@60ceach. 
TAtLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3®3Vlc: No. 2, 2% c;
retlned, So: Grease, 2c %4 ft. - '-
WOOL- We quote. Fall Wool as follows: Free
northern, 7@By a c: middle counties, free, sy a @7c:
do. defective, 2 @tic: San Joaquin, Kip.6> : do,
foothill, 6@7c: Kastern Oregon. 7y 2 ®9c: Valley
Oregon, fall and lambs', 10@llc «l ft ■
HOPS— 6®ac fur lair to choice and 9®loc it ft
for fancy. "
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 48/ic; June-
July delivery, 4%c; San Quenlln, $4 65; Wool
Bai;s, 24i/j@^6Vbc. .
COAL- Wellington, 93 * ton; New Wellington,
*8$ ion: (-ouihtteld Wellington, $7 50 V ton:
Seattle. $6 60: Bryant, 85 60; Coos Bay, $4 75;
Walls<>nd,s6 60; scotch. : Brymbo,. ; Cum*
berland, $13 bO in bulk and $15 in sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite Esc, »11@12 '■& ton; Welsh
anthracite. ?8@10: Cannel. 48 V. ton; Rock
Springs, Castle ii ate and Pleasant Valley, 87 60;
Coke. * 1 l<r v l In bulk and *13 9 ton in sks.
■ sL'IiAK- The Western Sugar ßettninc Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 6y c;
PowdereJ, oc; Fine Crushed, 5V4c; Dry Granu
lated, 43/gc: Confectioners' A, 45/ c: Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 8 c; Golden C, 3%c; half barrels
Vie more than barrels, and boxes y a c more.
SAN' FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates tor dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: .
BEKF— First quality, 6y 9 c; second, 6@60; third
do, 4@sc ■& ft.
VEAL— Large, 6@7c; small. 7®Bc $ ft.
MUTION-Wethers, 6Vi@7c: Ewes, C@Bi^c
fi ft. .  ■ . ... ■ ......
LAMB— Spring, -i— ; yearlings. 7@Bc f» ft.
PORK— Live Hogs, H@iViC %» ft for large and
3Vi@3s/gC for small anu meulum; dressed do, 4^S
5c it ft. .-■■■••■' - "
RECEIPT •> OE PRODUCE.
roR 24 hours.
Flour, qr sks.... 11,926 1 Cheese, «U..,. M 130
Wheat, 0i1*...... 9,915 Kjtgs, doa _ 4.110
Barley, ctls 8,265 Hides, n0........ 218
Beans, m.... 616 Pelt*, bdls 195
Corn, ctls 125 Wine, gals „ *O,UOO
Eastern 800 Brandy, ga15..... 2,000
Potato**, an.*.... 8,1V4 >ugar. bbn 1 896
Oregon 626! Leather, r0115.... 66
Onions, tics 160! Tallow. ctls. ... - 8
Bran, 5k5....;... .440 Quicksilver, flsZi 67
Middlings, sKs... 69 Woo!, bis ... 41
Hay. i0n5......_ 445 Lumber. M rest. 10
Butter, cu5...... 172 Lime, bbls 800
THE STOCK MARKET.
Still lowei prices prevailed for mining stocks
yesterday. Con. tal. & Virginia did not sell over
•2 10. acainst $2 35 as Tuesday's best price, tne
others beintr off in proportion.
The annual meeting or the Union Ice Company
lias been called for Kfrbruary 3
The Pacific Lighting Company has declared a
monthly dividend of 35 cents per share, payable
February 5.
The San Francisco Gas ight Company and the
Edison Light and Power Company have closed
their books. The new s ock of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company is ready for delivery
uio:i the surrender of tbe shares of the old com
panies.
At the annual election of the Savings nnd loan
Society od the 2Btb inst. tbe old board of directors
was unanimously re-elected. Eighty-nine hun
dred and sixty-four shares out of 10,000 were
represented. The board consists of the following:
a C. Bigelow, Isaac Hrde, Horace • Davis, Arthur
A. Smith, A. N. Drown. Frank 11. Woods, George
E. Go d man, Willis E. Davis, Elm und C. Burr.
Advices by mail sate that for the week ending
Tuesday the joint west crosscut which is being
run from the surface tunue! by the Confidence,
Challenge Consolidated and < onsolidated Imperial
Mining Companies at i. old Hill was' advanced 10
fee:: total length V2O feet: tne face of the cross.' ut
shows soft porpuyry. ■■ ■'. ■" ■' •: V
The Confidence mine yielded eteht mining car
loads of ore during the week. The average top
car cample assay of this ore was $19 59 per ton.
The yield of th*- overman mine for the past
week amounted to five carloads >of ore, averaging
*51 09 per tun. from the workings above the.'north
drift on the 9JO level. There is no 'material
change in the ore seams. .The rock is very hard
but of a fair gr de. On the 1100 level of the Over
j man miiie i hey have put in I lour sets of timbers.
and renewed the lagging where required, and re
paired the tracic and cleaned I up 6;>o feet of drift
for the 1 aiedoniH liver Mining company. This
work has bt-en done preparatory to r jsumlng oper
ations in the drift ou this level. .
, LOai ;■ A+.k'i.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday : '•
REGULAR MORNING SESSION, COMMENCING 9:80.
600 8e1cner... .36)360 CC<fcV...2.lUii4OO 0ccd1. ._..21
100 8<t8......61l 60 C Point. 650 0pb1r...1.15
• •00 .......'.. 300 O&C 47|JCO Union C^43
100 K.uou 901500 Max. ...... 50
AFTEBJIOOX SESSION— 2:3O. : .
1700 Belcher .37;10J U&U..V..47200 Orrmn.... 14
200 BAH 61 M> Mexcn.. ..it- 100 Set: 8e1.... 10
100 Change.. .6. I<X) Ophlr... 200 a Xw «7
250 Choir. ....89 250 N G <fc C..3(i30J X J«wjfc«.,3s
450 CC<!cV...2.'JO 300 0cc1.1t1.. . . 19
Follcwlng were the bales In' the Padfio Btoc
Board yesterday:
BKOUIiAR SESSION— IO:3O.
200 Alvb»..l2y a 1900 CC&V.2.05 600 Mexican. .49
100 Alta Ob 1000 2.02% 8000ccd......21
250 Andes.. ..l 7 1900 ..2. 0n »l'.t 0ph1r.. .1.10
30') Jbelcoer...36 5 (Conn... 1.21 400 iy 8
1900 37 100 .1.221/2 0vrmn....16
300 £& B 63 500 C Imp I<J 40 P0t0«1.....5 5
600 6. SOO ;...Oi3OJ (-8vaee....48
aU'i >u1110n....07 800 CrwnPt..3t 600 Scorpion. .o3
.SOOCaleda Ik 300 Exchqr...o« 'JOU b8<*M....12
So.i (.na11K«...54!200 U<fcU 4b 300 » Key, 4»
200 .„......;. 551600 49 iOOO SIIHUI..OI
45 -i inoir 89|JdO 1.17% 100 btnrd ...1.70
250 CC4V...2.11 1000 Julia.. ..o* iOU U8100.....43
250 V|l/ 300 Kentck....O4 300 Utah 06
400 U. 1 1, 1000 L Wash. 120U X JM*i..-36
300 2.07^1 • r ■;.
AFTERNOON SESSION'— 2: 30.
200 Ainha.-l^ 200 CC*V...2.05 .00 0cc1dt1....21
»00 Alia.... Ob too 2.021/- 1000 20
300 Amies 17 650 2.00 100 0vrmn....14
300 Eelcn«r...36 15 J Loun 1.221/g 7OJ P0i0»J.....54
DIM 3. 30J C .Point... :-<b -JO J bava«e...47
1600 'ii *00 /. ....3-4 700 Scorpion.. o3
20J BAB. or 700 Excbqr...UE .500 sis tit At . .. 1 1
3980 61 700 v «v 4b 80J »««.»„.. 48
40<j Bullion.... O'i 6O1) H&JN...1.11 100 8tnrd...1.6U
200 Caieda. ..l-.UltO 1.17^450 Uni0n.... 42
300 Chalice. 100 Kentuclc.O. 200 43
300 54 800 Mexican. .47 '40 J UUU>....~0«
250Ch011ar....8 900 .....«fc 30tf * JUKI —.34
1000 C Imp ..01 tO * Ui>hir....l.ll i! 00 ...30
1000 02 160 1.07%
IJuOSlNti QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 87-4 r. M.
j,rl.A.'S.r<i. ' ' • ' £ULAttc«4.
Alr>h*tYm.-... 1° !'• Ju1ia... '....;«. - 06
A1W..... ,.„ 18 Oh Justice ... — 16
Andes. - 15 16 Kent net ...... 03 15
Belcher 37 8» l-ady WasU.... — «2
Best & Belabor 61 6-' Mexican 48 49
Benton C0n.... 17 — Nevada Qneea. — C 4
Bullion 06 07 Occidental..... 18 19
Caledonia. lv 12 Ophtr 1.06 1.10
Chollar 88 90 Overman- 14 15
C'oiJ.Cal<£Va...2.oo 2.06 I'otosl.. 64 56
Caailen<z« Coo. 64 65 -nvaee. 4b* 48
Con. linpertAi. 01 li: scorpion 03 06
Confidence.... 1.25 1.3t ■-.eg. belctisr... 10 11
ion -New YoM — VH -.liver Hill 01 til
Crown Point.. 36 37 sierra Nerad*. 47 48
KasusierraNur — 14 standard 1.65 1.70
.Eureka Con- — ■ vt iyuaic«»...._ O°J t4
Kxcneauer 04 05 L'nloucuu . 41 44
ouuiuo>. Curry. 48 46 clan .-. 04 06
UMtot.t\urcra.l.ls 1.20 ieUgwj«i«l. 34 36
Jackson „. - 40 ; ; vy
WWW AM> UOMJ KXCHANOB.
WEDNESDAY. Jan 27-2 P. M.
tSITK'» STATJia BOi«»«.
7 .n. »^'- <(. SldL. jttked.
08«8COUB.ni — U S4sres...lO» UOV4
Do new igßuel2l — '</■ '
MISCEI.'LANEOm 'unV'M-
Cal-stCbles».lloJ^ — | Oak Gas 65.. - 104
Cal Klec L 6sl2H — Do 2d is 65.. . 108 1083,4
L'nttaUWSs 9'Ji/ 3 95 Omnibus Us.. 120 132
Dpnt-stex-cp — 87ViF&ORyBs. — 113
tdsnL&P6sl27 130 P&Cn By 6s. 100 103
F&CHKKtSsIOS 106»/4 Pwl-sl KR 6*115 120
Gearr-st K6slOJ — . Beno.Wl^tL — lOi
H e«t!S sV a s. 10 J — SactoP<fcl». — 100
LosAnsL6s - 100 SK&NPB6i.. 99^100
DoUnteed 6s — 101 srKHArlz6s 901^ —
Mnt-stCble6sl227/ 8 _ psPKßCalds. —
DoKyCon Os-lOoVflloei^ MPBK I al ss. — 100
Nat Vines Ist — 100 >PBrR«Jal6«. 97 98%
NevCNeß7s.lo2 105 6VWatertSs.M9V4l2o .
NKy Cal tit. 102 107 I SV Water 4s. 101 -
KBy Cal 6s. — 95 |stktuG<ftE«i — 102
■}"j~ >• »118 STOCKS- '
Contra Costa 34 36 |Sprng Valley 87 671/4
MarlnCO,....^— 62 | . .
•AS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS
Capttia...... — 26 I'm (-as Imp 92V4 9iV%
Central 95 - Paciflo Lleht, 46% 49Va
Edison Ll«htl27 127 Vi Francsco 991/4100
M Kloc Ulitli. 9% 37/ Stockton — 20
Oak (i L&il 64 bl*
INSDBANUC STOCK Y
Flreman'sF<llßo " 190 |snn — —
COMMKUCIAt, BAN-K«TO-:iC<.
Anglo-Ca1.... 50 — First Natlonl — 182^
Bank of Cal.. 2*9 !i42i/ 2 LondonPAA.l27^l - .
CalsDiTColo7%lo9 JMerchEx.... 14;. —
; RAVIJJBS BANK STOCK i.
O*»rß<fcLCo-1350 1460 SavALoan.. - 105
HumbSiS:t..llOJ — Security ..-.24 1 —
Mutual 33 — Union Trust. 81 5 — •
at say Union — 480 ' •
STRKKr KAII.ROAn BTOCK* .
California.... — 110 OakSL&Har — 100
Ofary-5t....- — 60 Presidio..... 4Vj b'A
Markei-51.... 42 43 "'"..•
fOWBBB STOCKS
Atlantic D 16 17 Giant C0n.... 28 29
California.... 75 — Vlgorlt. .....— 800
Eastern D.... 75 86 . .
MISCELt/A-VKOni BTOCICI.
Alaska Pkrs. 10354104 XatVlnCo.. - *V,
Uer Lend Co. 8O 100 "ceanlcSSCo — 10
HawC&sCa. 17 Pac Anx A — ; 4
HuichSPto 24 2 iPacßoraxCo. 95 —
ilerExAssn- — 110 |Parf PalntCa — 7
KALXA— JIOBi«XJ>» muuji. f
Jtonrii— ' . .
! 65 Edison Light ft Power Co. 127 00
1 lOOHutcblnson SPCo. ..;..: i 4 50
150 do do «4 371^
16 SV Water.. » 7 87Va
10 do do • 97 25
60 do do ..................... 97 10
I 15 do do 96 87i/i
I 70 do do ::; ....- 96 75
! $1000 SF*NP Hallway Bonds . 99 75
i $16,000 do do, 2.. 98 8714
! $1000 do do .... M 99 b7Va
Mrfci —
60 Pacific Gas 1mp...... >'i 25
bax>«4— a rnsNuox »*m*ii»*. ■,
10 Alaska Packer*' Association 103 87%
15 do do. b5 ". 104 «<0
12 2-5 Ulant Powder Con ;27 60 .
10 do do 28 75
75 do do ........................ '■*» 00
60 Hawaiian Commercial.......: 17 00
75 Hntchlnsons PCa «. 54 12y 8
60 do do ..:.......'......: 24 00
100 Mutual Electric Light _'..'.'.:.<. % d 75
65 Pacific Gas Imp. 92 26
25 .F Gaslight ..................... *9 26
tirFoi
-126 Alaska Packer*' Association. 103 75
. ■ — — ♦ — * — *
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ignazio and Fiuncesca l ranani to I* C. Bertln,
Jot ou N line of Greenwich street, 165 W of Fill
ujore, W 27:6 by N 120: »10.
John G. W. and Minna Scbulte to John Beuttler,
lot on N line of Height street, 62 :B E of acott, E
525 by N 110: *10.
Hugh Leuier to Emllie Rotnbach, lot on N line
of Fell street, 75 W of Scott, W 25 by N 100: $10.
Henry W. Fortune to Alice J. Vleno (Fortune),
Henrietta T. Robinson (Fortune) and Grace C.
fortune, lot on SE corner of -eventeenth and
(aiip streets, E 20 by s 100; also lot on N corner
of ocean House road ad Delaware avenue. \E
38:6. X W 265, SW 40:3, SE 269, E to beginning;
gift.
Thomas Mage? to Annie Donahue, lot on S line
of Wabingtoo street, 3H:73A W of Kast. W 28:6,
S 115 E 35:6. N 68-26, W 6:1. N 46 74. flO.
Janet *. Porteous to same, lot on N line of Mer
chant street, 94:63/* W of East. W 20, N 44.68, E
20, 8 44.68: *10.
Samt- lo same, lot on H W line of East street and N
line of Meichant, SW 2438. W ttt.27, s 19.70, X
74:088/.; also lo: on N line of Merchant street,
74:6% W of East, \V 20 by N 44.58: ¥10.
Same to same, lot on SW line of Kast street,
24.38 NW of Merchant, NW 30 56. W 42.41, s
24.79. X 60.27: «10.
Charles Ashtou to Mary L- Slme. lot on N line
of Pji c greet, 17:8 W of St. Marys place. W
20:9, N47:6. W 21:7. N 32, E 60,8 22, W 17:8,
557:6; 910.
Francis H., William, Richard, Thomas 8.,
Jamu B. and George Murphy, Mary E. Carr (or
Murphy) and Josephlue Murphy (or carr) io
Frederick L. and Rose L. Prlt< hard, lot on s line
of Turk stieet, 137:b W of Joues, W 22:6 by 3
137:6: SlO.
• Henry Piercn to Nora Wallace, lot on E line of
Lark in street, 8) 8 of Jackson, S 26 by E 82:6;
910.
JutU .Little (Morrisey— wife of E. E.) undivided
ha f of following: lotonSK line Of Clemeniina
street, 225 XX of second. NX 25 ly SK 80; also
lot on s line of Turk street. 130 W of Scott, S 100
by W 50; also lot < n W line of Sanrhcz street. 465
8 of Thirtieth, s hO, W 89:8 «W 33:4- E 107:4:
also lot on s line of 1 hinieth street, 42:10 E of
Castro, E 38 by 8 125, lot 84, bloo* 22, Falrmount
Laud Association: flO and gift, -
Herman 1). Melnert to I ereae Meineri. lot ou
SW corner of Nevada and Vermont streets, 8 50
by W 100: gift.
John and Sophia E. Spottiswood to James Dun
(lns. lot ou E line of Thirteenth aveaue, 200 Not
M street, N 25 by E 120: $10.
Herman Kiepen to Andrew R. and Anna D. O.
Peterson, lot on s line of Minerva street. 515 X
of < nziba, X 25 by S 125. portio-i of lot 3,
b:o<k ■ , Railroad Homestead A.ssociHtion; $10.
Mar hi. 1 tiop.p' on to William Thompson, lots
1083 to 1084. Oin Map 3: sift-
Pierre J. and ->t«rie A. Lapacbet to Ann J. Mar
lioeaut, lot on NE corner of Russian avenue and
Moscow street, E 100 by N S00; also lots '4 and 4,
block 81, Excelsior Homestead As>t ciation; fl.
F. K. and Eophie Grannls to Pietro Benolone,
lot on E corner of Thirtieth avenue. South and J
streerlSOPtb, RE 73 by .KB 100: also lot 9, b.ock
630, Jay View Homestead Association; f2OO.
- ALAKEDA COUNTY..
Mary J Ryer to Gretchen Wleaalk. lot on N W
corner nf San Antonio avenue and :■ Lafayette
«reet'w 35 byN 120, block A Bartle.t Tract,
Alameda: $10. ■ ■
W Rigbv Jr. to Amalla Miller. lot on S line of
SauJoTavenue, 265 W of P«ra street, ■ W 22:6
by S 150, being the east hnlf of lot 10, block o,
quitclaim d ed, Oak Park Tract. Alameda, ?10.
August Schre to same, same, Alameda. $10.
John E.. Walter H.. Jame* C ■ and Ruth V.
Adams and Kllzabeth G. Jackson to Adams com
pany (a corporation), undivided flve ; seven sfJ°"
terest in lot on SW corner of Tenth * nd * l ''J e «
s reels, S 100 by W 250, Oakland; also prODeity in
&an Francisco: value concealed -hove
John E. Adams to same, all interest in above
property conveyed to me by deed trom Thomas s>.
Adams, Oakiai d; grant. all interest^ "Id above
James C. Adams to same, all Interest In above
property conveyed by deed from Fred S. Aaam*. j
Oakland: grant. - • . _ _ _ .
Frederick T. Duhriog (trustee estate of J. U-Bei
deman) :o Letitia Kouatree. lot on a line of Uni
versity avenue. 626 W of ?acramento^wreet,
thence S 275.29 by W 312. being lots 7. 8 »nd 9,
block 1, aw Tract, quitclaim deed, Berke.ey;
David Symmes to James H. Wallace, lot on SE
line of Redwood avenue, 379.28 SW of Jobler
street, SK I^6, SW. 228.33, NW 125, NE 228.65
to beginning, being lots 1 to 7 and »W 17.88 feet
or lot 8. Fruitvalu Park Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; 910.
Mary J. Rver to E. M. Crossett, lot on N line of
San Antonio avenue. 108 W of Laiayette street, W
40 by a 145. block 8. Amended Map of Bartlett
Tract, Alameda: $10. .
H. c. Campbell and T. B. Kent (trustees for
Km ma 11. Brings) to San Francisco Savings
Uiilob, lots 1 to 5, block 446; lots 22 to 26 and 29,
block 476; lots 9, 10, 14 and 15, bloc* 677; lots 9
and 10, block 489; lots 30, block 491, all in Briggs
Tract, .Map 2, Oakland; $3975.
M. T. and Frances D. Dusinbury to Hiram T.
Bradley, lot on SW line of Fifth street, 67 E of
Adeline, E 61 by 8 97, block 478, Oakland; $10.
Isaac L. and Margaret Given to same, same; $10.
William Thi»demann to Anna D. Thiedemann,
undivided half 'Interest In lot beginning a. a point
150 N from the NW corner of Thirty-fourth and
Chestnut streets, X 132, N 50, £, 132, S 50 to be
ginning, being the N Va of lot 11, bloc* 632, Watts
Tract, Oakland; *5 1 ' '
"• • \ • Builders' Contracts.
Grace Ormart with Robert Boyd, brick and Iron
work, etc., for a four-story brick building on SvV
corner of Geary and Williamson streets, $4389;
C. R. Wilson, architect.
Grace Ormart wl h T. J. Guilfoy, tin and gal
vanized Iron work on same, $1194: same architect.
Grace Ormart to Berwick & Spin«s, plumbing,
gasfitting and sewering same, $1200; same archi
tect.
Ann Towns with John Barrett <fc Daniel We-
Grath, to erect a two-story building on lot 13,
bock 47, Sunnyslde. $1895; H. D. Mitchell, archi
tect.
H. P. Smith with Miller Fredriksen, to build
a bay barn on N line of Brunnan street, 200 vv of
Seventh, $1725; no architect. .
. Richard ravers with W. P. Kennedy, to erect a
four-room cottage on N line of >econd avenue,
102:6 S of Lake street; architect contractor.
Pleroma with G. J. AutwlUr, to erect a three
story frame building on N . line of Nineteenth
street, near Minnesota; J. Welch, architect:
$2415. \^- ,--.:-■
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January, 1897.
W.
©New Moon.
Jan. 2.
4
8 !
j 9 j
3 First Qui
'■JJ Jan. 1
11
16
I 16 !
22
®Full Moon.
■_> Jan. 18.
17
31
128
ol.fc.A-V MhAJiiitS.
Dates of Departure From San Franelaeo.
STEAM KB I KKSTIN'ATIOS. I
SAILS.
! PI KB.
Czarina
State ot Cal.
Mexico
Colon
Bnnol
Corona
Empire
ABlancbard
City Pnebla
Farallon
Eureka
Queen
Colombia.. .
Gaelic ......
Coos Bay-..
Areata......!
Coos Bay
Portland
San Diego.....
Panama
Grays Harbor.
Huraboldtßtt.
I Coos Bay
i Oregon ports..
Vlc<_ Pgt Snd
equina Bay.
| Newport
Han Diego
Portland
China & Japan
Newport
I Coos 8av.....
Jan 28,12 _ >
lan 28.10 am
lan 28 11am
Jan 28.12 »i
Jan .8.12 -
Jan VB. 2pm I
Jan 28. 4pm
Jan '.8. SIM5 I'M ,
Jan 29. Ham-
an 30. 9a
Jan SO. 9am
Feb 1.1 lam
Feb 2.10 am j
Feb 2. Ipm I
Feb 8. lm
Feb 3.12 M
1 Pier 8
Pier 24
I Pi- 11
PMS 8
| Pier 2
• Pier i
Pier 13
i Pier 13
.Pier a
! pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 11
| Pier 24
IP MS S
Pier 11
I Pier 13
AJVIJKKS TO AKKIVE.
•-T.AKKB f
I ruc-ee
North Fore
San Juan.......
Washtenaw....
Jeanie
Knreka.
Farallon
Wellington... .
Colombia
Queen
Walla Walla...
San Jose..
Corona
Crescent City...
Coos 8ay. ......
Areata..........
Mackinaw
Czarina...;.....
Mexico
State of Cat....
Tillamook uay
Humboldt Bay
[ Panama
Tacoma
Departure Bay
Newport. ;
Vaquina tt»»
Departure Bar
Portland.
San Diego
Victoria <_. Pncet Sound
Panama
Humboldt Bay.
Crescent City .....
Newport.. l ....
Coos Bay
Tacoma -
I Coos Bay
san Diego..
I Portland. ;>
..Jan 28
..Jan 28
..Jan 28
..Jan 28
..Jan 28
..Jan 28
..Jan 29
..jan 30
..Jan SO
..Jan 30
..Jan 30
..Jan 30
..Jan 81
..Fen 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 2
..Feb 3
..Feb 3
Feb 4
SLA, moon a.n.l» jt-iut:.
Uwited Btatm Coast asd Geodetic Sttbvbt
Times and Heights of Hioh and Low
Watiss at Foht Point, Ejjtbavck to
- San Fbancisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial ADTHOBITY OF THK SCPKBINTKNDE3IT.
Note— The high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mlsslon-sireet Wharf) about, twenty
five miuuei later than Xt Fort Point: the height
of tide is the name at both places.
January— lß97.
' Thursday 1 , January 28.
Bnn rises... 7.181 Moon rises...... 3.4B*\r
ban set» _ 6.V9|Moon sen.
Time
Sj_________
Feet
Time
|h W
FeetllEi!
I. W
Feet
H •
I
i.
! 1.37
2.42
8.34
H W
...o
3.0
3.0
3.0
7.48
8.46
9.42
L W
4.25
5 17
6.08
5.5
6.6
6.6
•A_7|-0-tl:
3 21 -0.9
4091-10
4.51 -1.0
H W
10.32 5.5
11.20 6.2
12.10 4.9
11.25
1
2
8
4.4
4.6
4.6
2.9
2.7
2.2
L W
528
6.1.8
6.40
-0.7
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are Riven in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives tbe second tide of the day, the third
time column tbe third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of tbe day, except
when tnere are but three tides, as sometimes
ac-curs. The helgbts given are additions to tbe
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractive
from the depth given by the chart*.
ft'OTIUK TO MARINERS.
A branch of th» United States Hvdrographlo
Office located In the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco tor the .benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. ■ • ■ .
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sees of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hand tor com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
/to navigation and all matters or interest to ocean
commerce. "
The time ball on top, of the build ne on Tele
graph Hill I* hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from tbe
United States Naval Observatory a: Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the .time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any. Is
publishes the same day by the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following '»>•
W. s. Hushes,
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. In charge.
The lime Ball.
2SA2TCK JTTJ>ROBRAPHIO OrrMR TJ. S. T.. I
- M KUCHA NTS' EXCHAKO* ~ >
Ban Francisco. January 27. 1897. )
The time ball on Teiegraoa Hui was nronosl
exactly at noon to-day— L c.. at noon of the IJ(K4
meridian, m exactly at a c. m., Greenwich tint*.
«;<\ •/■•;•. ■* '-i^rv W. & HUBHKS,
Lieutenant U. S. X.. in charge.
SUll'i'l.Mi INTKLLIGii>"CIS.
■'■• ; -' r f.- ! ' . . . Arrive -1.
WEDNESDAY, January 27.
Haw atmr San Ma co, Fletcher, 4 day* from
Comox; 4060 tons coal, to 8 F Co. Port Costa
direct. . .
Stmr Alcatraz, Walvlg, 42 hours from Port Los
Ansel's: ballast, to Lb White Lumber Co.
fstmr Corona, Doran. ao hours from Eureka:
pass ana mdse, to Goodall, Perkins <fe Co. •
Stmr Santa Ctub. Nlcoison. 3 days from
San Diego, >-tc; produce, to Goodall, Perkins & Co."
Stmr Albion, .Lundrjuist, 29 hours from ' Fort
Br»g<c; bound for sou.uern ports. Put in to land
passengers. ■•• - ■ ■'-:,••• v .
»chr .Monterey. Beck. 2* hours from Bowens
Landing; 17 Mft lumber, to 9 Hey wood.
'... «- .cured. - ' ...
WEDNESDAY. January 27. 
«stmr City of Everett, Laverge, Nanatmo: John
Kosenteld's Sons./.
- stmr Mexico, Jepsen, san Diego: Goodall. Per
kins A Co. -- .
Simr state of California, Green, Astoria: Uoo l
all. Perkins <t Co. , ,
- Sirar Lakme, Anderson, Seattle: Kruse & Madi
son. ' ■■ ~ . ■'■■:■-,: " - ■.:.-..■■■
Ship Occidental, Weaver, Nanaimo; Oregon
ItHD CO.
bark Casablanca, . Gautley. Adelaide- J J
! Moore A Co. "
Ball**.
WEDNESDAY. January 27.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Coos Bay.
Nlc stmr Costa Rica. Mclntyre, Nanalmo.
Stmr Crescent City, Allen, crescent Oitv.
Stmr Del None, otockfleth, Grays Harbor. i
• Stmr .Newsboy, ro.sen, I'm 1
Schr Christina Stefrens, Nordling, Flsks MM. T
bear Alary C, Campbell. Bodega.
':,. . '-. 1 elecraphic.
- POINT LORDS. Jan. 27.-10 > M.— WMtbW
foggy; wind NE; velocity 14 mile*
Charters.
. The Br ship Allenon loads nit rate at Tal Tal for
Europe.
Spoknn. ■ •"■•:.
Nov 3_L»t 55 8. long 125 W, Brshlp Queen
Elizabeth, hence Sept 5, for Queenstown.
Nov 27— Lat, 56 S. long 70 W. Br ship Blyths
wood. hence -ept 19, for Queensiown.
Oct 3-Lat 37 N, long \2A W, Br ship Ellisland,
hence sept 27, for Queenatown.
Nov 28— Lat 66 S. long B4 W, Fr bark Dngeselln,
from Oregon, for wueenstown.
I>ome*tio l'or-i.
EUREKA-Arrived Jan 27-stmr Faralion, frm
Yaqutna Bay.
GKKKNWOOO- Arrived Jan 27-Stmr Green
wood, hence Jan 28.
CLEONE-Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Alcazar, from
Point Arena.
NEW WHATCOM- Arrived Jan 27-Schr H C
Wrlcht, hence Jan 11.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 27— Scnr Ida McKay,
for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO-Salled Jan 27-stmr Pi Arena,
for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 26— Ship America, hnce
Jan 20, for Nauaimu.
EUKEKA— called Jan 27-Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 'Sl— Stmr National City, hence Jan
27.
ALBlON— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Weeott, henc«
Jan 26.
SAN PEDKO— Sailed Jan 27-Stmr Whltesboro;
schr Repor er, for Puget sound.
OKAYS HAKBOB— Arrived Jan 26-Schr Ci
Thayer hence Jan 20.
CABPAR-Salled Jan 27— Stmr Caspar, for San
Francisco.
Eastern Forts.
NEW YORK— Cleared Jan 26— Bark St James,
for Man Francisco.
Foreign Forts.
PORT Pl l Arrived Jan 26-Haw ship John
Ena, from Port Hadloclc.
HONGKONG— sailed Jan 26— stmr China,
for ."an Francisco.
COLON— Sailed Jan 25— Stmr All lane*, for New
Yoric. • ■ ! -
SALAVERRY— Arrived Dec 27— Schr pioneer,
from Columbia River. .
FINISTERRE- Passed Jan 26— Br stmr Glen- \
esk, hence 'Nov 7. '■ •■.-.-■ ■^i'S^-'i 1
FA LMOUTH- Arrived Jan 28— Brshlp Iverna, j
hence sept 1. I
called Jan 26— Br ship Cambnskenneth, for •
F.eetwood; Br ship Kynance, for Limerick.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 26— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed Jan 26-Brsblp Ce
darbin'--, hence Sept 13, for Hull.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Jan *6— Ship Alexander
Gibson, from Puget Sound.
SYDXKY-Arnvea Jan 34-Brship Andelana,
hence Dec 10.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic 9te>%m»r».
NEW YORK— Arrival Jan 27— Stmr Frlesland,
from An werp; stmr Oldenburg, from Bremen.
sailed Jan U7-.)imr St. LouK for Southampton;
stmr Noordland, for Antwerp; stmr Fuerst .Bis
marck, for Mediterranean ports on excursion. .
SOUTHAMPTON- Arrived out Jan — Stmrs
Latin and New York.
CEPENHAGEN— Arrived out Jan 27— Stmr Is
land.
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 27— Stmr Amsterdam, fm
New York, for Rotterdam.
SCI LLY— Passed Jan 27— Stmr Persia, from
Mew YorK, for Hamburg.
Importation*.
EUREKA— ker Corona— l bz fish, 40 bxs butter,
1 sk potatoes, 5 pkgs agricultural Implements, 2
sks tails. 2 cs shoe*, 3 obis mineral water, 1 horse,
1 c.i tobacco. 1 cs oil. 1 cs drugs. 1 a dry goods, 4
pkes muse. 4 cs beans, 800 M shingles, 1 piano, 1
ox crockery, 2 pkgs carpet, 23 pkes furniture, 9
pkgs express. 1 dog, 2 coin.
ERandE X R— 32hf-bxs 14 bxs fish. 1 keg 54
bxs butter, 70 cs condensed milk, 1 1 hills iron. 1
cs cigars, 225 bxs herring, 1 bx tobacco, 265 bxs
apples.
PORT H.A RFORD-Per Santa Cruz-^23 hogs.
Lomooc— l bx f ucets, 4 sks dried abaiones, 388
sks beans, SO bxs apples, 103 hogs.
Kedoiido— 383&sks barley.
Santa Cruz Island— 3 bbls wine, 1 cs dried fruit,
7 bdls pells.
Consignee*.
Per Santa Cruz— Santa Cruz Island Co; Johnson
& Son; Kotn, Blum & Co: C £ Whitney it Co: C
Teizen: McPberson <fe Kucker; E R Stevens & CO;
Newmark iV Edwards: H Dutard.
Per; Corona— A Paladini: Dodge, Sweenev A Co;
C Dosctier: Dairymen's Union; Deere Imp Co; Geo
Fntch; uoolyear Rubber Co; Hnmboldl Mineral
water Co: Pacific Transfer Co; standard OH Co: A
Fay: Wieland Brewing Co: Tlllmann & Bt-ndel; D
X B Sellers: Huai Bros; Hlberuia Brewery: EM
Hecicman; Redington & Co; Wells, Fargo it Co; X
Caito; San tran-isco Brewing Co: Schwab Bros:
« Camlllonl & Co; American Union Fish Co: U 0
Brewery; Dunham, Carrigan & Co: Sachs Bros: H
H Hogan: Ullmer. Bredhoff<& Schulz: F BHalgbt;
Milani ACo; Bricham. Hoppe it Co; N Tarantino;
5 Trapinl; Rosa Hewlett; CX Whitney <fcOo ; H
Levy A Co ; Hills Bros: Getz Bros & Co; H Dutard ;
Witzel <fe Baker: Eveleth <S Nash : WF Mitchell;
Wheaton, Br«on <& Co; Kuss, Sanders & Co; Union
Oil Co; J B Jnguclla: Norton, Teller »fc Co: i G Bern
6 Co; OB Smith & Co: » Bachman & Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL
PACIFIC GOAST_STEAISOIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY /fgft.
wharf, Han Francisco, as follows: JBSOhK
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Kit-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Feb. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Belllngham Bay. Wash.). 9 a. x.
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, 25, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
i X., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with G.
N. liy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For l.ureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. m., Feb. 1, 6,9, 18,
17, 21, 25, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Feb. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
peles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, '21, 26, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cano. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba. 10
a. m. 25th of each month.
'i he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., GenT Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
JaPOiFLTI.. .ajxt ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. ic
T? A T>"|? /SI 2 Flrst-olaas 1 Including
J? iIXVJMS6 Second-class / berth i meal*
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia..... Tan. 3. Feb. 3,13, 22
State of California ..Jan. 28, Feb. 7, 17, 27
Through tickets and through baggace to all
Eastern points. Rates a&d folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
. GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Superintendents
PM a ■■ A| |Ji 'The M. *■ MONOWAI
iIfIHIE salls vla HONOLULU
i*H«" an:l AUCKLAND for
«■>-.■ SYDNEY. Thursday.
(s^/^ * • >i February 4, at 2p. m.
JsHSam^nin J 8. *• AUSTRALIA for .
Q)lCalllJlli|/ v -' HONOLULU only,
• /SIHRfiPH-* Tnesday. Februar.- 23.
\wiiif^ui^ at ap. it Special party
rates.
LinetoCOOLQARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN. '
Bouth Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS <& BROS. CO. Agents,
i 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
COIPAGSIEfifiJERAI TRAJSATLAJTIQUB
French Line to Havre.
PIER(NEW), 42 NORTH /WK
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -sS-WfSf
this Hue avoid both transit by £ngllsh railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. A ew York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris.
first class $160. second class $116.
LABRETAGNE.. Feb. 6, 5 a.m.
LA NORMAN DIE .....Feb. 1 3, 9a.m.
LA BOURGOGNE .Feb. 20. 5 a.m.
LA CHAMPAGNE .. Feb. 27, 8:30 a. M.
LA GABCOGNE...... March 6. SA. M.
W For further particulars apply to
« A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green. >'« Yort -
J. F. FCGAZI A CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. . —
m STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At « P. M. Dally. _ Freight received tip
tO- Accommodations 1 Reserved by Telephone. ■
The only line through tickets and giving
through "freight rates to all poms on .Valley
Railroad. STEAMERS: ■
STEAMERS:
X c w-iiunr J. D. Peter*.
Mary Gar^aYt, City of Stockton.
Teiephoue Main 805. Cai. >»v. »cd Impu C«
FOR YALIEJO AID U. S. SAVYYARDL
■ STJSAMEB "MOSTICELLO,"
Dally ex. Saturday <fc Son.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 p. ic
Saturdays ~ "10:30 a. X.. 4 p. Jt :
Sunditys.:.... '. .- a F. *
Landing Mlsslon-streev Dock. Pier 2.
Telephone Black 231.
•Trip civs tf hours »:.<p at Navy-Yard.
FORSASJOSE, LOS GAT OS & SANTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MON-
O ,ivy. Wedneiwluy, i-ridar, .at 10 a m. Alvisa
'1 uesdav. Thursday. SKturday.*at 3p. m. Freight
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco aa4
AlvlsO, 50c; to Shu Jose, 75c. Clay aw Viaf 4
«y W. bWtM CUlaiU. owj Jon.DR. COYLE ON
LIBERTY'S DEBT
Lectures at Length on
"What Freedom Owes
to Rome."
A Claim That Prosperity Has
Followed in the Steps of
Protestantism.
Asserts That the Reman Cathorc
Peps Is "Foreign and Un-
American to the Core "
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 27.— The First
Presbyterian Church was packed to-night,
the large crowd being attracted by the an
nouncement that Rev. R. -F. Coyle, D.D.,
was to lecture on "What Liberty Owes to
Rome." He said in brief:
I am not here to-night to indulge in person
alities or to call in question the integrity of
individuals. From first to last I must be
understood as dealing with the Papacy as a
system, or an institution, and not with those
who belong to the rank and file of the Romish
/r jrcn. If my words cut, it will be with the
i edge of :ruth and not because of any
jL-r.-onai malice toward my fellowmen who
oiffer from me in religious faith.
The belief is strong in us that Protestantism
has cut something of a figure in the world as
the friend and advocate of liberty. Either we
have read or we have heard that ii not the
author of liberty it created the atmosphere in
whrch -liberty has flourished. Unless we have
been altogether deceived from the very edge
of the dark, Rges, in field and forum, iv pulpit
and proiebsor's chair, iv church and state,
Protestantism has been liberty's unceasing
and undauuted champion. Its children have
poured out ttieir bluod like water to keep
hberty'sbanuers in the sky.
Wherever it has found its way freedom and
prosperity have followed. Look around the
world, go over the map of the globe, pick out
the bright spots, and see if without exception
they are not places lit up by Protestantism.
Protestantism is not infallible, and it has
never blasphemed God by any such monstrous
claim. It has made mistakes. It has some
times been intolerant and narrow and bigoted,
and its emancipation has not fully come yet
It has burned and killed and persecuted. It
has its fanatics and blood-thirsty advocates,
and he is no frieud of Protestantism who fills
its flaws and cracks and ugly places with
putty, and then varnishes them over to make
it look sound and beautiful.
Let in tbe light, all the light possible, no
matter what biack and vile things it may re
veal. Cover up nothing, open your schools,
open your institutions, open your histories to
the sunlight of truth and the inspection of I
the world, that Is the spirit of Protestantism. }
It makes no apologies for its bigotries and
thumbscrews. Ii is ashamed of them. It hangs
its head as it reads the story. But after the
very worst ha 3 been said, after every damaging
Hem has been brought out into light, there is
still left a tremendous balance against the
Papacy.
Ihe speaker at the Macdonough Theater de
clared the other night that while "She (that is
Rome) had supreme power there was no suun
thiug as a despot known in Christendom." If
this conduct of Alexander 111 was not despot-
Ism what was it ? The fact that Rome swal
lowed up all despotisms in herself did not rid
the world of the tyrant's heel, but only made
it the heavier. I refer to this because that foot
on the neck of the German Emperor was typi
caL It stood for spirit. It was Papal doctrine
made flesh. It was Popish authority at its
highest and proclamed the subordination of
Caesar to Peter; of the state to the church; of
th-e civil power to the Papacy.
Now let us follow the course of freedom over
. as and uoie how greatly it has been en
.raged by Rome on this Western hemi
.-jihere, The deiendera of the Papacy say to
us: "Look at the early Maryland colony it you
want evidence that Home is the friend of lib
eriy. Lord Baltimore obtained a charter in
1632 which provided complete toleration;
that, no preference should be given to any
stct, but mat all settlers in the colony should
enjoy equality ot religious rights." All o!
which is true, but, as in the matter of the
Magna Charta, it is a long way from being the
whole Truth.
Whatsoever there was done in the colony of
Maryland in favor of religious toleration was
done only in obedience to the charter and
p.gainst the known and steady policy both of
the Church ol Rome and the Jesuits. Nobody
can justify the intolerance of the Episcopnlians
oi Virginia or the Puritans of New England,
and while we may now congratulate ourselves
that counteracting influences were planted in
Maryland, It should not be forgoiten that those
who brought them accepted toleration from
compulsion and employed all the arts and
cunning of Jesuitism to get rid of it. Intoler
ance, it Is true, accorded with the spirit of
that age and some allowance, but no apology,
is|to be made fur it on that account. But the
first influences that set in against it were
Protestant .exclusively, not Roman Catholic.
Nowhere in the Roman Catholic world could
religious toleration obtain a foothold.
Although great men and laymen of the church
gave it their support, Rome would not permit
it, and her fiat was the law of the church.
"When Rome has spoken," said Augustine,
"that is the end of the matter."
Ladies and gentlemen, the ruling power of
the Roman Catholic Church is foreign and un-
American to the core. Foreign, I mean in
temper and sympathy. Its Pope is foreign, its
colleger of cardinals Is foreign, iv apostolic
legate is foreign, a great multitude of its
priests and teachers are foreign and a very
large 'proportion of its increase comes from
foreign emigration. It is founded not upon
the people, but upon the monarchical princi
ple, th.c absolute supremacy of the Roman
Pontiff and therefore cannot in its inmost soul
be lriendly to a republic. Against foreign
influence Washington warned his country
men to be on their guard in his farewell ad
dress, and, fellowmen, this foreign influence
has come. It is here masquerading behind
the stars and stripes, bubbling over with
mock patriotism, sbowine its loyalty in loud
est terms in order the better to get in its
wort Its 'oft-proclaimed fealty to our insti
tutions and its sudden love for "Old Glory"
have adecidedly Jesuitical look.
AWARDS ARE COMPLETED
Shfcw of the Pacific Poultry As
sociation Brings Out Fine
Specimens.
Eastern Judges Say It Is the Most
Repjesentative Exhibit of the
Preent Season-
Oakland Office San Fbancibco Call.)
. . •' . 908 Broadway, Jan. 27. )
Thepoultry show is still being held at
the Exp6sition building. The school
children have all been admitted iree and
e-acu night there is an excellent vaude
ville programme. J. K. Felch, the East
ern judge, who is on this coast, Bays that
it is the nnest exhibit of its kind that he
has attended this season.
Many, of the best-known poultry fan
ciers ©f this State have their exhibits on
exhibition, and the award of prizes, which
was completed to-day, has given perfect
satisfaction. Several types of incubators
ure als,o on show.
Xh'e complete list of awards is as fol
lows:
Poultry Awards.
Barred Plymonth Rocks— Pulle.s, first, Frank
\ I'.refed, Oakland: second, W. H. Arps, Oakland;
\ Hard, Frank Breed; very highly commended, W.
\M. Arps.
Hlacn Langshan— Cockerels, first, F. M. Reid,
Campbells. Hens— First, F. M. Held; second,
Eiias ltuea, Han Francisco. Pullets— First, F. M.
Keld.
White Crested Biack Polish— Cocks, firs', second
and third, vv. Trudgen, Sonoma. Cockerels— First
ana second, W. Trudgen. Hens— First and second,
W. Trudgen. Pullets— First, second and third, W.
Trudgen.
Bearded White Polish— Cockerel, second, W.
Trudgen. 1 Hen— First, W. Trudgen. Pullet-
First, W. Trudgen.
fcllver Wyandottes— Cocfcs, first, George A.
Emery, Oakland. Cockerels, first, George A.
fctone, Santa Bosa; second, James Mitchell, bt.
Helena: third. George F. Emery: very highly
commended, A. C.'Kstes, -San .Ltaudro. Hens—
Second. George F. Emery. Bullets-First. George
A. Stone; secoqd and third, James Alltcneii.
Breeding pen-First, James Mitchell. .»
White Minorca-cocks, first, Mrs. X. E. Kellogg
Sacramento: second, Sonoma Valley Poultry
Yards, Sonoma. cockorels-Seconi, Mrs. I. *■•
Kelloxg; third, ►onomaVaUey Poultry \ards
very highly commended, H. G. M?" 111 " 8 s> * n i a
.Rosa, liens- First, second and third, Mrs. l. J--.
Kellogg; very highly commended. Acme Poultry
Yard™ Santa Ro»a. Pullets-First. Sonoma Val
ley Poultry Yards: second, and very highly com
mended, Acme Poultry Yards: third, Mrs. I. E.
K Blafk' Minorca- Cock, 1. 3, Acme Poultry
YaMs, Santa Kosa: 2. Ed Ellis, santa Rosa; 4. *.
Seed. Alameda. Cockerel. 1, 3. Acme poultry
Yards: 2. W. X Wright, Berkeley; 4, honom»
Valley "Poultry Yards. Hen, 1, 2, 3, 4, Acme
Poultry Yards? Pullets, 1. 2, 4, Acme Poultry
YardsT 3, H.G.-Mathl»s, Santa Row. Breeding
P< w7f'. Black "spa'nish-Uock, 1, I. Noonen, San
Francisco: 2, H K. Curzons Alameda. Cockerel,
1 a 3 1. Noonen: 4. H. K. Curzons. Hen, 1, H.
E. Curzons: 2, Fay Johnson, Frultyale: 3, 4. J.
Noonen, Pullet. 1,2,3.4, I. Noo:ien. Breedlug
nan H. F.. Curzocs.
W C Black Polish— AH to W. Trudcen, Sonoma.
Breeding White Polish— All to W. Trudgen.
Golden PolWh-ihird, cockerel, VV. Trudgen.
Pullet, firs:, W. Trudgen; second and third, W. P.
Cresnell. . ,
sliver- bearded Polish— Cock, first second and
third, W. Trudgen, lien, first, second and third;
cockerel, third, Ben M. Woodbull.
Stockton Pulleti— First and third. W. Trudgen;
fourth, i en M. Woodhull.
S. S. Hamburg-Cock, nr-t, C. Siegfried; second,
Jesse P. Ko;.ers: third, John Noouen. Cockerel,
; first and third, John Noonen; second, C. Hegfried;
i ihiid, V. lloeiher. San Jose. Hen, lust, and s> e
ond, K. Idoesher: third, J. C. Rogers: fourth, J.
>.'o<>nen. Pullet, first and th.rd, E. Hoesher; sec
ond, J. ooi. en; fourth, J. P. Rogers.
Breeding | en— E. Hoesher.
Golden Penciled Hamburg— Cock, C. Siegfried,
Alameda.
Black Hamburg— All to Sonoma Valley Poultry
Yards, Sonoma.
Houdan— Cock, first, F. A. Ilowsell, Lorin; sec
ond, W. G. Benton, Haywards.
Cockerel— Second, K. U. Kemp, Alameda.
Hen -First and third, E. H. Kemp; second and
fourth, F. A. Kowse.l.
Pallet— second, third and fourth, F. A. Rowsell.
a. <i. Dockings— i-ien, first, atoond, third and
fourth ttewarivt Son, Aroma 1.
B. B. R. Game Bantams— lock, first, C. W. Han
sen, San Mateo; second, £. F. Mitchell; third, G.
H. Freeman.
Cockerel— First, second and third, E. F. Mitch
ell: fourth, C. J. Gaillard. Hen— second,
third and fourth, E. F. Mitchell. Pullet— First and
third, E. F. Mitchell; second, C. W. Hanaen;
fourth, K. H. Freeman.
B. B. R. game— All to Sam Jones, Oakland.
Indian game— First hen, E. I>. Flint, Oakland.
Japanese pit game— Cock, first. \V. A. Thomp
son, Santa Kosa: J. .Niven, Oakland:
third, W. Mountain, Oakland. Cockerel— First,
W. A. Thompson: second, J. Mven. Hen— First
and second, W. A. Thompson; tnird, J. Nlven.
Breeding pen— First, \V. a. Thompson; second, J.
Nlven.
American pit game— Cock, first and third. J.
Ferguson. Oakland: second, W. A. Thompson.
Hen. first, J. 1 ergu&on.
Buff Cochin Bantam— Cock, first, E. H. Free
man, >auta Clara; second, Cumbers & Son, Ala
ime la: third, Stewart & Son 3, Aromas. Hen.
first, F. H. Freeman. I'uliet, first, Cumbers &
son: second, Stewart & ?on».
fcebrlghl bantam— Cock, first, E. H. Freeman;
hen, first and second, E. H. Freeman.
Black Sumatra fame— Cockerel second, 'H.
Wiisey, Petaluma; pullet, firs; and second, 11.
Wtlsey.
Buff Brahma— Cock, third, Mrs. E. E. Purdy,
j Laurance: pullet, third and fourth, Mias E. K.
: Purdy, Laurance.
I Turkeys— William Thomas, Lookeford.
! Ducks— Miss Forbes. Napa.
; BeK-lnn hares— ll. H Arps. BS^SI
White Guineas— Mrs Kellogg. Sacramento.
Whlie Emboden geese— W. P. Creswell, Liver
more.
Broilers— E. Ellis, Santa Rosa.
Dressed poultry— Oakland Fruit and Produce
Company. JUI'.'WU
SPECIAL PRIZES.
Sweepstakes for greatest number of birds shown
by ova exhibitor scoring 90 points and over 112,
divided between Sonoma Valley poultry-yards
' and K. Kills, tanta Rosa; third prize, Miss
i Forbes. Napa.
>w.epst.akeß for birds scoring 88 points and
, over— First prize, £onoma Valley yams; second,
j E. H. Freeman. Santa Clara.
: Best twenty-live birds, Alameda County.
Best ty-tlve.birds— Sonoma and Santa Clara
I counties. Acme poultry-yards. • "■•-;
: Highest scoring breeding-pen, Ed Ellis.
\ Best general exhibit, AlameJa County, W. H.
Arps.
Be st breeding-pen, American class, Miss Forbes.
Ben Plymouth Rock, F. Bued.
White Leghorn cop, Fay Johnson.
Buff Leghorn cup, C. D. Pierce.
Black Leghorn cup, T. H. Thompson.
Best display Asiatics, Sonoma Valley yards.
Huseman cup, Buff- Leghorns, C. 1). Pierce,
Pierce cup, Buff Leghorns, L. W. Bobbins,
Stockton.
Black Minorca cup, Acme yards.
White Minorca cup. Sonomu Valley yards.
Pigeon Awards-
Pouters— Second, G. C. Walker. No first award
ed. . : . ' ■ %
White Fans— First, Walter Deakln, -Berkeley)
second, T. R. Quayle, Oakland.
White S. H. Pouted Fan— First, T. K. Quayle.
Scotch Fan— First (hen), J. J. Victory.
Yellow Magpies— First, T. R. Quayle.
| Black Magpie— Third, J. J. Victory.
Runts— F. Whitman of Alameda, first for
! blue runt cock and hen.
j B'.ue Checker— H. F. Whitman, first.
Silver Hunt, Red Runt, Red Checker and Splash
Runt awards all went to B. F. Whitman for first
and second placet in each class.
White Barbs— C. J. paillard, first; J. J. Victory,
second.
Black Barbs— J. J. Victory, second.
White Koliers— Percy Ward, iTuitvale, first.
Black Hollers— Clay Kmigh, first: W. L. Deakln,
second; T. R. Quayle, third: C. J. Galllard, fourth
Black Highflyers— C. Bock Jr., first,
Baldhead Splash Tumblers— W. C. Garcelon,
Alameda, first.
V eilow 'i umblers— F. Eastman of Berkeley,
first.
Splash Tumblers— C. J. Halliard, first; A. Bour
n»a second and third; T. It. Quayle, four h.
Ked Parlor Tumble!*— Clarence biegfrifd, first.
Black Parlor 1 umblers— G. C. Wa ker. third.
Blue Chinese Owls— T. R. Quayle, first; W. C.
Oarcelon, second; T. R. Quayle, third ana fourth.
ill ue African Owls— T. R. Quayle. first.
White African Owls— T. R. Quayle, first.
BlacH African Owls— T. R. Quayle, first.
White English Owls— T. K. Quayle, first.
Black English Owls— J. J. Victory, first.
silver Kngl.sh Owls— T. R, Quay.c, first, second
and third.
Blue English Owls— T. R. Quayle. first and sec
ond; A. Barman, third.
Il.ac< liens— A. fcoraian, first, second and third.
Short-faced Silver Antwerps— J. j. Victory,
first.
blue Dragoons— W. C Garcelon, first and sec
ond: J. J. V ctory, third.
Red Lragoons— K. C. North, baa Francisco,
flrsL
Black Checker Homers— Percy Ward, first; C.
Siegfried, second: T. W. Leydecker, Alameda,
third; Percy Ward, fourth.
Yellow Uomer3— Ellas Rued, first; T.W. Ley
decker, second; C J. Galllard, third.
sky-blue Homers— C. J. Gaylor, first: Ellas
Rued, second; T.W. I«ydecker, third; H. E. Cur
zona fourth.
Blue Checker Homers— M. Taylor, first; T. W.
Leydecker, second, third and fourth.
Red Cheaters— H. E. Ourzons, first; G. C. Wal
ker, second; M. Taylor, third and fourth.
Sliver Homers— M. Taylor, second; O. H. Crow
ley, third.
White Homers— J. W. Bayers. first and second.
Blactc Homers— W. L. L>eatcin, first; C. J. Gall
lard, second: T. R. Quayle, third.
11. K. Curzons was awarded first prize for best
display of matched pairs in colors; &. Taylor, sec
ond; T.W. i.eydecker, third. For the best general
collection, T. R. Quayle, first. T. W. Leydecker re
ceived the Crst premium for longest distance and
best time, made under the auspices of California
Homing Club for 1896.
The show will close next Sunday night.
Traded in Runaway Lads.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 27.— Several
youug lads of West Oakland, whose
library consists of a few dime novels, have
lately run away and caused tneir parents
and the police some anxiety.
It is now stated tbat Albert Ward, a
voting fellow of 14 years, who lives in
West Oakland, has been making a busi
ness of inducing t!ie little fellows to leave
home and then taking a reward from their
parents for finding them. Three young
fellows have disappeared within the last
week, and Ward, who is borne on parole
from Whittier, is charged by the parents
with being responsible for their absence.
Italian Confidence Men.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 27. — Three
Italian confidence men are in the County
Jail, charged with working a very clever
trick on Nicola Almieriof San Francisco.
The rogues met him on the train, advised
him to purchase a piece of property at
Temescal and induced bim to pay $400 for
it. They worked the gripsack trick on
him to procure his money, but were all
subsequently arrested.
Evangelists Arrive.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 27.— Rev. L. W.
Munhall of Philadelphia commenced a
series of union revival meetings at the
First Presbyterian Church to-night. This
is the first time Mr. Munhall has been in
California for eleven years. All the lead
ing c: urches in the city signed the call
for tbe evangelist to come to Oakland. He
iv accompanied by Professor James Birch,
who directs the music.
Another Telephone Franchise.
OAKLAND, Cai.., Jan. 27.— There will
soon be an application made to tbe Coun
cil for another franchise by a telephone
company. Over a year aeo an application
was filed, but the ordinance has not been
put on final passage. Next Monday night
it will come up bafore the Council, and it
is stated that it will be killed because an
other company is prepared to give much
better terms to the city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 180 T.
CLEANSING
THE CHALICE
Dr. Law Sharply Criti
cizes Mr. Bolton's
Views.
PHILIPPIC IN FAVOR OF
HEALTH.
Takes Exception to the Alleged
Romish Tendencies of the
Pastor.
THANSUBSTANTIATION IN TWO
LIGHTS.
Fasting Before Receiving the Sacra
ment—What the House cf Bishops
Ordains.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Cam,,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 27. f
Rev. V. Marshall Law, rector of the
Church of the Advent ot East Oakland,
REV. J. MARSHALL LAW.
does not intend to allow himself to rest
under the stigma laid on him by Rev. Mr.
Bolton of Ban Francisco.
Mr. Law touched up the subject in dis
pute to-day in the following philippic:
Nothing has been farther from my intention
than to engage in personalities in talking
about that most sacred of subjects, the Lord's
supper, nor to treat it lightly, and I utterly
repudiate the polite innuendo of Mr. Bolton
that I have done so. At the same time there
is such a thing as Deing overnice iv phrase
ology and so obscure in the use of technical
language that people are at a complete loss to
know whether one holds to a certain position
or its diametrical opposite. In the words of a
Jingle, which all will see the force of. some
writers and speakers
Wire in then wire out.
And leave the people still In doubt
w nether the thing that made the track
Was coming out or going back.
One expression which the printer made me
say of Mr. Boiton was not correct and 1 hasten
to point it out:
"Not content to compel his communicants
to drink from a common cup, where they are
brought in contact with unclean lives and
possibly contagion, he uses his own lips to
cleanse the rim of the chalice."
Substitute the word "lips" for "lives" and
you will have what I did say. The hostess
says, "Bring a clean glass for Mr. Bolton," and
before Mr. Bolton has a glass of water the
waiter takes away the glass he was about
to use, simply because his table-fellow had
drunk from it. This does not imply that the
glass waa otherwl.-e unclean than by having
had a neighbor's lips touch the rim. Shall we
be less fastidious at the Lord"*!, table than at
our own? From the standpoint of the hum
blest home in this land, to say nothing of the
standpoint of sanitary science, the cup which
is severally drank from without turning, r S
extrojne ritualists use it, Is an unclean cup
until it has been cleansed with something be
sides human lips.
Mr. Bolton admits that he uses his own
mouth to wipe the edge of the cup after those
at the rail have communicated. He tries to
explain away its luck of tidiness by saying
this cleaning of the cup with his own lips takes
place after those at the rail have communi
cated. He noKlects to state that the cup which
has been thus cleaned is not washed, but is
used again for the people to drink from, so his
mouth 1s the cleansing agency, and people do
drink after he- has wiped the cup with his lips
without the cup being washed between cele
brations. I should be glad to learn that I nm
mistaken in Mr. Bolton's particular use of his
chalice. But I am not mistaken about this
being the general practice of the "confrater
nity" ritualists.
Mr. Bolton says the "confraternity" is not a
secret society and that Its doings are open to
the light of day. That being true let me ask
two questions. First— Does Mr. Bolton turn
the cup as he is passing it from one to the
other at the communion rail, or do all drink
from the same place on the rim of the Cup?
Second— Has it been his practice to wash with
water the outside and the iuslde of trie rim of
that cup after he has cleaned it with his lips
before it. is used again for the communicants
at the rail? Every physician and nearly all
laymen know that there are at least three
deadly and incurable diseases which may be
trausniitted by an indiscriminate use of the
same drinking cup without washing. So this
is right to the point and it is not personal.
Will Mr. Bolton please enlighten us in regard
to these points without reservation or eva
sion?
Yes, I know people talk about Lotta's foun
tain and ferry water barrels, but I never saw
any one drink at those Dlace* who did not pre
viously wash and rinse and run water in and
out of the cud until it was clean. The veriest
tramp does this, but no one has a chance to
rinse a cup as it is passing at the communion
rail. No, it won't do to say this is a matter that
rests with the clergy, for the people are the
ones who do the drinking and they have a
right to demand that they have a clean cup.
We must not be so godly that we cannot be
cleanly, lor "cleanliness is next to godliness."
We must get our health standards irom the
medical profession, not the clerical. The
clergy may properly sow "spiritual" things,
but it is from the laity they expect "worldly"
things, the financial thiugs, the sanitary
things about which the clergyman nas not the
proper means of judging.
The battles ot the Reformation were fought
thai the ci'.urch might be freed from priestly
abuses nnd Jtonush errors a:nl practices, and I
am simply doing that which I agreed to do at
my ordination when I strive to 'drive away
from the church all erroneous and strange
doctrine contrary to God's word, and to use
both public and private monitions as need
shall require and occasion shall ue given."
With that obligation full upon me (and I <io
not recoil from it) I would invite Mr. Bolton
to look at his own preface egnin and then
reconcile his teachings with those of the
house of bishops of the Episcopal Church in
America and the prayer-book. Would one sus
pect from the following preface that Mr. Bolton
teaches that after he has consecrated the
bread and wine at the Lord's supper it actu
ally becomes trie real body and Dlood ot Jesus
Christ, witli blood, bone, nerves and flesh, and
whatsoever else pertains to a real material
human body? That is what the 'confraternity'
is for — to promulgate just that thing and the
ritual growing out of it. It is what is called
transutistHutiiition and is the Romish part of
the society's teaching in particular.
Thn way Mr. Holton makes it read in his
little preface is as follows, and please notice
how innocent it seems: 1. The honor due to
the person of our Lord Jesus Christ is the
blessed sacrameut of his body and blood.
They think the}' have the real body (and
blood) before them, and they bow to it and
genuflect and must eat ai;d dri ik it all, be
cause it is his own gi-nuino body and blood.
That is why Mr. Bolton wipes the edge of the
cup with his lips. Was I far from the plain
truth of the matter when 1 said such practices
had their root in an idolatry forbidden by the
commandments and a horrid cannibalism
which was opposed to every civilized instinct?
Now see what the prayer-book teaches about
it, page 564, article 28:
Transubstantiation (or the change of the sub
stance of bread and wine) in the supper of the
Lord cannot be proved by Holy Writ, but Is repug
nant to the plain words of scripture, overthroweth
the nature of a sacrament, and hath given occa
sion to many superstitions. The Dody of Christ Is
given, t&r.eri and eaten In the supper only after a
hea*euly aud spiritual manner.
Upnn this authority, of his own church,
which Mr. Boltou is not loyal to, I protest in
the name of Episcopalians all over this coast.
This Romish teaching gives rise to great in
jury to the church, as well as to practices of
uncleanlii'.ess in the use of the communion
cup. .My contention is for the clean cup,
which will properly honor the Lord, from
which we drink the wine "in remembrance
that Christ's blood was shed for us." It Mr.
Bolton thinks he can be an honorable church-
man while teaching that which his church
forbids aiter he has promised to uphold her
ancient practices as "set forth by this church,"
tlint is a matter for him to settle with his
Bishop. I have no intention of constituting
myself his official accuser, for it would doubt
less please him too well to pose as a martyr to
his favorite views. In the third division of
his preface Mr. Bolton says the society Is to
"promote the observance of the Catholic and
primitive practice of receiving the holy com
muniou — fatting. What business has a loyal
and an honorable church clergyman to give
time and energy to such a teaching as this
when our house of bishops, as late as 18!J5,
sent to all the clergy of the United States tlieir
views of this practice in a "pastoral letter?"
Hear whnt they say aDout fasting before
receiving the holy communion: "It has no
warrant in the words or iv the circumstances
of the institution of the sacrament. And
there is no statement in the prayer boot hs to
the requirements for the right reception of
the holy communion which includps it or im
plies it. And therefore no minister of this
church is justified in doing more than to com
mend it where it may be safely used to such
as can receive it." Page 16.
If Mr. Bolton Is a better authority on what
the Episcopal Church believes and teaches
than her house of bishops and the ritual con
tained in her book of common prayer that fact
has not yet appeared to the church at large.
My pliin feeling in regard to him is, that as
his ritualistic services are at complete va
rinnce with the teachings and belief of the
American church, he ought, as an honorable
Christian gentleman, either to teach and do
what the Episcopal Church teaches and does
or cease eating her bread Frankly, I know
no way to distinguish Sir. Bolton's teaching
and practices from those of Rome, except that
having a wife he cannot be in the Roman
Calho-lic priesthood. Xor In saying this do I
intend to have it construed into a personality,
for it is not. It is the plain, everyday, com
mon truth, and two-thirds of the Episcopal
clergymen and communicants on this coast
know it to be an unprejudiced opinion.
V. Marshall Law.
Ex-Offlcer Banks' Whereabouts.
OAKLAND, Oal., Jan. 26.— Several
montns ago Officer Banks mysteriously
disappeared from this city and his where
abouts remained a mystery until last
nigbt.
Officer Carson arrested a tramp by the
name df Tom Kelly, and on the way to
the police station Kelly told the officer
that lie was sleeping in a lumber-pile at
Chicago, and when he awoke be saw
Banks handling lumber.
He sooke to Banks, but the latter tried
to deny his identity. Later on he ack
nowledged that he was the ex-police offi
cer of this city.
Banks is wanted here for bribery and
perjury. 4 An effort will probably be made
to have Banks arrested and returned to
this city.
I,;klv Republicans to Entertain.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 27.— The Oak
land Ladies' Republican League will en
tertain to-morrow afternoon trom 2:30 to
5 p. M., at G. A. R. Hall, Thirteenth street.
Dr. George H. Derrick, Professor Van der
Mark, Miss Eva Winter, Miss Callie
Charles, Mrs. Derrick and others will as
sist in entertaining with features and
music.
No Place la Jail.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 27.— Last night
little Willie Byers, 6 years of age, spent
the night in jail because there was no in
stitution to which he could be taken. This
is but one more instance of the necessity
of providing a home, such as was outlined
in an article which appeared in The Call
last Sunday morning.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
PASSING OF THE ADOBE.
La Casa Molino del Rey, the
Oldest Landmark, Razed to
the Ground
Anniversary Dinner of the Brother
hood of Andrew and Philip.
Midnight Raid.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 27.— One of the
oldest landmarks of this city was razed to
the ground to-day. It was familiarly
known as "La Casa Molino del Rey," and
has been the scene of many masquerades
and other social diversions which marked
the early life of Alameaans. In those
days the house was surrounded by a dense
growth of oak trees and heavy under
brush. Many a one has lost himself in
the wild and dark tangle at night. A
cheery light in the old abode was always
a welcome beacon to the wayfarer and he
always found a good Samaritan in the
Tappan family.
La Casa stood on what Is now Fifth
street, and was the home of the genial and
big-hearted Robert B. Tappan. There he
was born ana for thirty-eight years en
joyed life as he never will again. In 1856
James Millington, for many years a City
Clerk of this city, built a kitchen, making
five rooms in all. Not a scantling entered
into its makenp. The house was fast fall
ing into decay and served no other pur
pose save to attract the curious as a re
minder of the days when, as- Judge Tap
pan states, Alameda was not upon the
maps, but a cattle- range of Peralta's
princely grant.
Anniversary Dinner.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 27.— The Brother
hood of Andrew and Philip of the First
Congregational Church of this city gave
their annual dinner last evening with
about 125 guests present. "Blessed Be
the Tie That Binds" was sung and the
Rev. J. A. Cruzan offered an opening
prayer. This was followed by an address
of welcome by President W. W. Ander
son, after which Mr. Graves, who with Mr.
Drake represented the Society of St. An
drew of Christ Church; Rev. Dr. Bovard,
on behalf of the Park-street M. E. Church;
Dr. W. C. Pond of the Bethany Congre
gational Church of San Francisco; Mr.
Start, representing the Presbyterian
church, and others spoke.
At 6:30 o'clock the guests were seated at
a table in tne shape of a hollow square.
After satisfying the inner man the .-üb
ject of the evening, "A Christian Man
hood," was discussed admirably by the
Rev. George B. Hatch of Berkeley, Pro
fessor Elmer E. Brown of the University
of California, 11. P. Hardy of San Rafael,
J. R. Knodell of Oakland, Thomas AdJi
son, M. D. of Berkeley and the Rev. J. A.
Cruzan. The order is an organization of
men for mutual help in the Christian life
and for the spread of Christ's k kingdom
among men. Its two rules are:
First— To pray daily lor the spread of
Christ's Kingdom among men.
Second — To make an earnest effort each
week to bring at least one man within
hearing of the gospel of Jesus Christ, as
set forth in the services of the church and
its organizations.
A Midnight Bald.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 27.— Ah Sou and
Chong Sou of Clement avenue were awak
ened just before 1 o'clock this morning by
the barking of their dog. Upon EOintr to
the door they saw four men leaaing off
tneir four horses. They made a dash for
their animals and three that were going
westward dropped the halters and ran
away. The otner one was bound for the
east and escaped with his horse. Half an
hour later Quong Hing Kee of Bianding
avenue heard his wagon start off. As he
had left it unhitched he decided it was
stolen, and reported the case to the police.
No tracks of either have been found to
day, and it is not Known whether the
horsethief was the one who tooK the
wagon or not.
NEW FOOTBALL CAPTAIN.
Berkeley Will Name Its Leader
for '97 Upon Next
Saturday.
It Is Probable Ttat Carr '99 or Has
kell '97 Will Withdraw in
Favor of the Others-
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 27.— The man
who will lead Berkeley's football team to
victory or defeat in the coming Thanks
giving intercollegiate match will be chosen
next Saturday afternoon. The player on
whose shoulders will rest the responsibil
ity of next season's training, and in a
large measure on whose energy, coolness
and generalship will depend the destiny
of the Berkeley team, will be singled out
from the thirteen players who did battle
for the cause of the blue and gold last
Thanksgiving day. The choosing of a
football captain is popularly considered in
college circles as the most important elec
tion of the year.
Out of the five candidates prominently
mentioned at the opening of the term the
list has narrowed down to two. These
are Carr and Haskell. Both did good
work in the intercollegiate, both are hard
and hendy players, and both seem to pos
sess the necessary executive qualifications.
Matters may be adjusted so as to have
one of the two candidates withdraw, as
was the case last year when Sherman and
Ransome were up, and make tue elccion
unanimous.
Basket-UaH Players.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 27.— The co-eds
of Stanford University are anxious for an
other ba*ket-ball contest with Berkeley,
but the girls of the State University are
not disposed to enter another intercol
legiate match, so it is not likely that a
game can be arranged.
High School Journalist*.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 27.— The
Berkeley High School students have
elected the following editors and mana
gers for their paper: Vere Hunter '97,
editor-in-ch ef; Miss OrmaDavies '97, ex
change editor; Tyrrell Hamlin '98, ath
letic editor; Miss Bessie Simpson '98,
alumni editor; Charles Dozier 'y7, Miss
Ethel Chamberlain '99, an«l Jessie Waste
'99, associate eJnors; Ralph Wardwell
'97, business manager; Joe Wilson '98,
John Waste '97, assistant managers.
Art Club.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 27.— The Febru
ary meeting of the California Art Club has
been postponed one week on account of
the reception to Professor Le Conte. The
meeting will be held the second Wednes
day in the month at the residence of R. B.
Lloyd on Charming way. The paper of
the evening will be by Charles A. Keeler.
Brief News Notes.
A reception to Artist Yelland, who has re
cently been appointed assistant in the art
department of the university, will be held to
morrow afternoon and evoniDg nt the resi
dence of Pro;es*or Ardley on Uurant avenue.
The Berkeley High School Athletic Associa
tion ha 00 elected the following officers: Presi
dent Waste; secretary, Ward well; delegate to
A. A. L, Reed; trade captain, Woolsey; track
manager, Scott; basebail captain, Hamlin;
baseball manager, James.
A new rifle-pit ha? been made by students
behind the chemistry building for practice
for the coming rifli -shoot with Eastern uni
versities.
President Keilc-Kg ol the university has
learned bicycle-riding.
£ll£ft
IRDIAIA AIiCTIOI COHPAIf.
1057 MARKET STRKET, OPP. JONES.
THIS DAY.
Thursday January 2«. 1897.
WE WILL CONTINUB THE COMPLETE
LINE OF HILUNERY GOODS,
Trimmed Ha s. Feathers, Trimmings and
Novelties removed to our salesrooms for con-
venience. IN Dl AN A A L CTIUN COMPANY,
10t7 Market st, opp. Jones.
1 . ;
ELEGANT FIRMTURE.
THIS DAY,
Thursday January 38, 189 7,
At 11 O'clOClc A. M.,
60-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE,
Known hb the "IiUCKINGHAIM."
118 ELLIS ST., NEAR MASON.
FR-VNK W. BUTTEKFIKLD, Auctioneer.
601! Market street.
MOTT RESIGNS.
Will Not Try to Succeed Himself as
Councilman.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 27— Frauk Mott,
President ot the City Council, who was
nominated by the Republicans last week
to succeed himself, surprised politicians
to-day by sending the following letter of
withdrawal to the City Central Committee:
To the Chairman and Members of the Republican
City CeiUral Committee— Oesilrmes : Although
strenously protesting against the use of my
name as a candidate for Councilman from the
First Ward of this city I fina ly yielded to tne
importunities and persuasion of my friends
and permitted myself to be a candidate for re
nomlnation, hoping that I might arrange to
accept the nomination, and in the event of
election render some further public service to
the city.
However, after very careful corsideration
of all the interests affected by my action, I
find that my own business interests and the
interests of those who are connected with me,
require so much of my time and strength as
to lenve none for other matters. I, therefore,
respectfully resign, and decline the nomina
tion of Councilman from tne First Ward ten
dered to me by the Republican Convention of
this city.
Assuring you of my interest in the wellare
of the ticket named by our common party, and
of my hope for its success, I am very respect
fully yours, FRANK K. MOTT.
In this connection an oversight has been
discovered regarding the delegation of
power by the convention to the central
committee. It has always been custom
ary for the convention to authorize the
committee to fill all vacancies, but on this
occasion this was not done and there may
be some complications arise in the ap
pointment of a candidate to take Mr.
Mott's place. The Municipal League will
hold an executive meeting next Monday
evening in Masonic Hall, when a full
ticket will be nominated from the choice
of the three parties.
There is talk of a Citizens' ticket being
placed in the field, but it appears to be
simply the talk of a few politicians, none
of whom can be found who will admit tney
are connected with it.
The Republican City Central Commit
tee met to-night and decided to take Mr.
Mott's resignation under advisement.
A Difference of Opinion.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 27.— The Mer
chants' Exchange is in receipt of a letter
from Assemblyman Waymirein which he
says he does not approve of the bill mak
ineit legal to attach salaries of public
officials. He says the remedy of creditors
is to refuse credit to those who will not
pay.
The exchange has passed the lollowing
resolution:
Eesolved, That the communication from
Judge Waymire be received and placed on
file: and be it further
Resolved, That the Merchants' Exchange
does uot believe the reason given by Judge
Wayinire to be founded on equity and justice;
and be it further
Resolved, Tnat the Merchants' Exchange be
lieves it to be the duty of the legislative body
to so make the laws of the Btate that they
will protect mercantile interests from the acts
of dishonest officials as well as from private
citizens.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J \V Hall, Sacto A J Larsen, Lodl
A J Adams, Stockton G Luigi, Birds Ldg
T Lan^man, I'lttsburg M A Collins, Cal
A G Woodman, Cal Mrs T W Dorsey, Oakdle
Miss noraey, Oakdale A 11 Hart, H V
S G Williams, Colma Mbs Hayes, Oak and
Mrs A C Hayei, Oakld F G Ornezesyski, Oakld I
l- red Cox, -acto T T Moffnt X Berkeley
V V Springer, Chicago \V Wins?, P:ureka
M P Charter, stocifton X T Boise, l'asadena
T 1 Hogan, Boston J A Edmunds, Kdeti Val
A M Dun. -an, Berkeley E C Jones, Los Ang
T k Lewis & w, MY E A James, Salem
E X Beam, Sanger L J Maddox, Modesto
J M Cramer, MudestO J M Brown.. Los Ang
Thos Bull, Sania Clara Mrs E Bagley, Bnta Clara
F a Carillo, Neva J X Wiliouu'hby & w, Cal
L Van Vlack, I hico V Poole & f, l*s Crosse
W T Fo:iim. i-an Jose L Jordan, Si John. N B
J D t-milh, Livermore Dr A E Osborne <fc W, Cal
C X Turkham, Cnico 8 N Androus, Pcmona
J F Carlere, i.os Ang C A Palm, Sac-o
Mrs T A Keables, sasto J E i-orman &w, Sacto
C M Kckton &w, Folsm N Wines, Cal »
F Cutting, Stockton PMustoiS w, Stockton
LICK HOUSE.
J W Smith, Stockton F J Klesel, Ogden
W N Runyon, COtirtland B H Upham, Martinez
P Hirschfeld, Los Angels C J I-:auisey, Co fax
J A Webster, Vacaville X summers, San Jose
W E Raines, Coos Bay A !'.i zani, Arcuca
S Morris. Chinese Camp Dr J L Oay, San Jose
J M. Brunzell, silver City L D Smith, Oakland
O W Fisher, san Jose F B Hood, Red ling
C King, Hanford J C Bull, Arcaxa
Mrs -U B Wyble, Arcata T A Grady, Chicago
(i \V Kills, japan H M Wheeler, Japan
T C Kaj-, Salem H Blackman, Portland
Z Hwet:, Portland L- Hirschfeld, Tulare
W Hunter, Napa Capt J » Lines, Martiner
J A Webster. Cal G W Siroht, Xapa
A F Abbott, Mnrysvllle J Hale. Marysville
T i ougall <» f.Mnrysville J M Mannon, Uklah
Rev A SV j-.JiMiiaii, I. A
NEW "WESTERN HOTEL,
pC, Mayford, Chicago J A mold. Victoria, B C
X Johpson, Victoria, B C W Butterrleld. Chicago
R B Eddey, Chicago E P Jones. Chicago
J Mendall. Australia TF Johnson. Australia
J Kickerm. Gilroy X Ensley, Gilroy
XI M GiUlers : ieve. Gilroy M C Mclntyre, Chicago
L S Miller. Saoto -J Brooks. Alaska
J W Mar In, Alaska T Alchail, Bakersfleld
<"* WedeUlnd, Seattle J F Vandepool, -esttle
J Siivder, Kureka L Olcese. Chicago
O E Gunst, Portland R M Dody, Kenwood
F J Wentwood, Arkansas P S \Voods, Texas
L S Conider, Los Gaios
BALDWIN HOTEL.
E Bellineer, Martinez J Sherman Aw, Cal
O ft Hleaaon. Denver W G HenKelbernn, Cal
Mra X Freuad, Crockett E Freund, Crockett
s Rosenwald, NY S L Ladner. N V
F I pp St. 1 ouls H fJovren & w, Cal
F jRCka, salt Lake M J Friedman. Sait Lake
A Fuller <t w. sp.cto E Ferguson, Cincinnati
S Wile, Clucinnal J F Sanders <fc f, Colo
H Hammond, Colo S H Schage, Eureka
PALACE HOTEL.
G Kreihn, Stanford J I Metcalf, Chicago
S J Clark cfe w. X V BU steinman, Sacto
W W Uollir, San Jose J H Fiickiuger, Saa Jose
T J Field, Monterey C s Fuller, N B
It A Graham <fc «', Or J B Stephens, Spokane
J G Berry hill, OesMolnes L W Meyers, Auckland
L Krskinp, Fresno J T Davis, Jackson
G W Weinman & w. New C S Hazaard, Minn
Orleans X E W>ed, Los Anceles
/^^%. .Or, Jßi^Tbon's Dispensary,
i AaH KEARX Y ST. Established
IS nP^Sn ln IJKWforthefxeatmentoi-Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
HU.S KKABNY NT. EsUblished
in 15.7>4 for tlie treatment of Private
DlaessWi Lost Manhood. Debility or
S.wJSw€«^ disease wearing on body and mind and
b^?«s**Kvl skin Dispaat-s. Thodoctorcureswhen
otßersfalL Try him. Charges low.
4nrr«i;naiHnlri'd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. v. %* Bo San Francisco. •
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE m FRANCISCO ASD SAS JOAQUI3
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPAJI.
FROM JANUARY 1, 1897. passenger traius
will run dally, excepting Sunday: "•*'•■ •
Southbound. • Stations. Northbound.
. 7:'2oa. m. ....;...'.:SM><ikton... i ....:..6:40p..M. .
9:49 a. M............ Merced ......... 3:14 p. m.
11: to am....... .....Fre5n0:. ...:..... 1:10 p. m.
'-.'-.' For Intermediate stations see time-table. . : .
Connecting steamboats of the CL N. & L," Co.
Jeav» San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally, • excepting
Saturday, and Stockton at 6P. M. ally, excepting
bnnday. ■. . <■ ■■■ -■■ -^ * ■■■-■:-■>■■■■■■- '■ \
"■OUST TAMALPAIS.
Trains connect with -North Pacific
Coast Railroad. -' .* ' ■ ' ....
WEEK DAYS— Leave S. F. 9:1 "5 A. M. l:4!Sp. X.
; "Returning— Arrive 8. V. 3:25 p M. 6:20 p. M.
i SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. M 11:80 a.m. 1:30 fm.
Returning— Arrive S. F.I :16p.m.4:20 P.M. 7:35 p.m.
. Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or
TH OS. COOK & SON?, 821 Market St., 8. F.
Mill Valley and ilguuc TamalpaU Bcenlc Railway
BASCH ALCTIOI COfIPAII Inc.,
319-331 SITTKK STKKKT,
Bet. Grant Aye. and Stockton St. Tele. OrantB7.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
At Aoove Salesrooms, at 11 o'clock A. M., -
THIS DAY (Thursday). Jan. 28. 1897,
V'-'....1 WILL SELL ...
The Contents of 2 Private Residences, consist of
P*rlor Upholstery and Cabinets, Oak and Wnlnot
Bedroom Sets. Wire and Hair Top Mattresses,
Pillows, Comforters. «c. ; Chiffoniers, Wardrobes,
Sideboard, Kztens.on Tables, Chairs, Crockery,
Glassware, Stoves, Agate and Tin Ware -
b. BASCH. Auctioneer.
KAII/ROAP THAVna
!"sosttih:kn pacific COBPiJTf.
■ (PACIFIC HVSTKIf.)
Trnlnn lt'itvf nuil are <lue lo nrrlve nt .
MAM FKANC'IKCO.
leave — From January 1, 1897. ■ — arrtvm
"•(6lb»A Nfles, San Jose and Way Stations ... 8:45 a
7:«»Oa Atlantic Kxpress, Og.leu and Mart.. 8:13?
' ; 7:OOa liunici.l, Vacaville, Kumsey. Sacra-
mento. OroTillo and Redding via
Daris 6:45p
7:*Oa Martinez, Ran Ramon. Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6I13"
8::tOA Nilcs, .Sun Jose, .Stockton, lone,
- Sacramento, Marysville, Chico, ' •
Tehama and Re.l liliilf .fillip
•8:30 a Peters and Milton «7:13p
9:««A New Orleans Kxpress, Raymond (for
' Yossmito), Fresno, Bakerstield, >'- " ' " -■
Santa l:.n lianv, I .os Angeles, Dem*
ing, El Paso, New Orleans aud
East 4i43»
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4 : 15
0:00 a Vallejo 6:13p
Nilus, San Jose, Llvermore and
.Stockton 7:13p
*I:OOp Sacramento lliver Steamers »niO«p
liOOp Miles, San Jose and Livermors..... 8:45 a
fl>3op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:l3p
4:00r Martinez, San ltauion, Vallejo.
Napo, Calistoga, El Verano and
Santa Rosa BilSa
4:oopßenicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
villa and Sacramento 11:13 a
4<3»p Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, ' Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via, Niles, •,
returning via Martinez 11i43a,
B:OOpLos Angelas Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles 10i48a
SlOOp Santa Fa Koutn. Atlantis Kxpresa
for Mojavu nnd I'.ast ...10:45a
G:OUp F.uropeaii Mail, Ogdan and ICast.... 9:43 a
6ioop Haynrards, Niles and San Jose 7:43\
J7:oop Vallcjo 17:43»
7:00r Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
Title, Redding, Portland, I'uget
Sound and East 11:13 a
*I10:00p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, HI Paso, New Orleans
and East -. |13i43p
SANTA Cltl.'Z DIVISION (Narrow Mange).
Hi I 3a Nmrark,('ciiterviUc>,SaiiJase,Felton,
■ ■ ■-< ', ■• Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 8.30*
•2:13p Newark. Centcrville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ..."lliaOA
4:1 3 1- Newark, Kan .loss and Los Oatos ... 9:30 a
f11:45r Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7:gop
COAST IU VISION (Third .V Toitiiscihl SM.)
6:43\.San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) li'JOp
SiISAHau .lime, Trea l'iuos, Santa Cruz,
PaclKo Grove, Paso Routes, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal .Stations 7iOOp
Ioi4oa San Jose and Way Stations S:OOp
1 1:30 A Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 8:30»
•ai3op San Mateo, Menlo Park, Han Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pino3, Santa Cms,
. - Balinas,MontereyandPacliicGrove "10:401
■3:HOp San Jose and Way Stations 9:43 a.
*4:3oi* Sao Jeseauil Way 5tati0n5. . ....... *S:O3a
5:30p Sa> . Jose ami Principal Way Stations *8:43 a.
6:: tOp San Jose aud Way Stations o::<3.v
<11:45 - San Jose nnd Way Stations.... t7»43p
SAX JiKASURO AM* HAIWAItDS LOCAL. '
' t*6:OOA : " ; " ( ' 7:15 a
8:0Oa I . . t9:45A
lS'oot Kelrose, Seminary P«k, J«J*g*
"IroSp ■■FlWib«^,B«Le.«dw- »;3g*
8:00p » d i 4:45p
. 4:00p 1 Oi4sp
Si *""***<■ ' ™%
7:00p 814S1
g.' 0 < Runs through to Niles. 10:30p
ttll:ir>p; From Niles. t f H2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from FRISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 • 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 t3:00
•1:00 15:00 *6:00 p.m. •'.^v^
From O.VKUHD— Foot or Broadway «6:00 8:00
10:OOa.h. }12:00 *l:30 t2:00 *3:00 t»:0fl
«5:00 p.m. . , _
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
ITueulays and Saturdays. § .Sundays and Thursdays.
SAN FRANCISCO & NORTH PA.
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market it.
San Frnnclsco to San Rafael.
IVEEK DAYS-7:SO, 9:00, 11:00 a. *.: 13:S\
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:39
and 11:30 p. k.
6DKDAYS—B-.00, 9:30, 11:00 a. M.; 1:30, 3:301
. 6:00, 6:20 P. M. ' _ ,
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 A. it-
-12 -.45, 8 :40, 6 :10 p. K. Saturdays— Extra trios
: at 1:65 P. it. and 6:35 p. it .. v
BUNDAYB— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. it: 1:40, 3:4%
6:00, 6:25 p.m.
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetren Park sanu
schedule as above. .
Leave T _ -»„» Arrive
, Ban Francisco. Oct. 14? ' Ban Franclso
. Whk I Sux- i^^tt^n SON- 1 Wl«
Days, I days, »"natlon. DAY^ ,| I>AYa> .
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am > 8:40 as«
8:30 pm, 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 ax
6:10 pu 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. '7:35 pa 6:22 pit
: ■ Fulton, ■ ~ • :■ .
7tBOAX Windsor, 10:2* M*
Healdsburg,
I.ytton,
GeyserviUe,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 Pit 6:23 PM
Pieta,
Hopland &
7:80 am 8:00 am ■tjklah, 7:35 PM 6:29
7:80 am ~ 10:36 am
8 :0Q am Guernevllle. 7:35 fm
3:30 PM 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma . 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 AM 8:00 AMI sebaatonol | 10:40 AM 10:21 AM
8:30 pm|s:oo pm| be "" opO ' 1 | 6:10 pm| 6:22 pic
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for. Mark .West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Slcaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and Lakeport: at
Hopland for'Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
TJkian for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blao
i Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, I'om.o, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-'
nells, Banhedrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Onr"s Hot Springs. Mendocln.o City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, TJsal, Willets, Canto, Co- :
velo, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
jrond San Kafail at naif rates, . ' ' . .
' Ticket Office. 650 Market st., Chronicle bnil(Unt>
: H.OLWHITINO, . B. X- RT AW, / i
I .  . Uen. Manager; . Gen. Pass. Ageob
Atlantic
BAILKOAO
Trains leave and arriva at !H^yi^BW^p6Mgfci
ilarket-btre«6 Ferry. BBb^^SS
SANTA EXPRESS. WmSM
To Chicago via A. & P.^fcSfJfSTQUTISS
. I^lroot Hue . ■ ■ <g^^S-«U^J
Leaves da ly at 6 :U Op. M.,carrvlnit Pullman Palace
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Tourist
Bieeplng-cara, which run daily through to Chicago
via Kansas City. ; Annex can for Denver and St.
Louia. .. . •: .■ . ■ . '•• • ■ ■'
Boston Excursions, via Kansas City, Chicago.
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
1 1 esday. ' .
The best railway from California to the Bast.
New rails, new ties: no dust; interesting scenery,
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. ■ .
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Building! Telephone Main .
IS3I. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry). , - r
mm Baa Francisco, Commencing Sept. 18, 1891
'' : " ''. • WSKXDAT& •-■;... '.'. -',' :
For Mill Valley and Ban. Rafael— *TtM, *9tltW
11:00 a.M.: »1:45. 3:45, »5:16, •3:45,6:30 p.i*
Extra trips for San Kafael on Mondays. Wedne*
4ay* and Saturdays at 11 .SO p. m. ■■ '
■ -:■:. 4 ■.,■;.-••••■. SUNDAYS. '' '
for Mill Valley and Ban Kafael— «B :oo, »10 :0 C
•11:30 a. M.: 1:30, 3:00, *4:30, 6:16». m.
Trains marked * run to Han Quentln.
. " THROUGH TRAINS. ' _ .
i . > For Polßt Reyes ■ and way stations— 7 (3B a, ■. ■
: Weekdays, 8 :00 a. m. Sundays, 1:4.6 m. n. tUtw '
•ays. Casadero and way station*— 7:2s *, M, WMs>
*er Casadero and way stations— 7 :3s A. M, w«ss>
I ifJJJ I*9 r. U. Saturday, ..
1112
SHARKEY KNOCKED
OUT IN ONE ROUND
Justice Carroll Did the
Act and Softly
Smiled.
The Issue Was the Payment of
George Alien's Ciaim for
Services.
This Was Decided in Favor of Alien
for the Full Amount Claimed
for Training.
Tom Sharkey, the pugilist, has been
knocked out. The act was performed by
a small man, who had no gloves on at the
time. This small man is compact and
trim and wiry. The remarkable thing
about the whole affair really is that when
Sharkey was knocked out the small man
was sitting and had a pen in his stoat
right fist. Several spectators were there.
The small man was Justice of the Peace
John A. Carroll. Before him for consid
eration was the case of Raver against
Thomas J. Sharkey. The way Raver
came to be the plaintiff was that George
Allen, who prepared Sharkey for his fistic
encounter with "Lanky Bob" Fitzsim
mons, and who claimed that he had never
been fully paid for his serviced, assigned
his claim to Raver. Thereby the knotty
question came before Justice Carroll as to
whether assisting a pugilist to engage in a
fistic encounter was participation in an
unlawful act. Of course if the act was un
lawful there would be no recovery at law.
Sharkey's counsel propelled this ques
tion at Raver, who, as assignee, sat imper
turbably by, and it came with the force of
a catapultic blow from Bob's "good right."
But it did not land.
Yesterday Justice Carroll gathered him
self in a struggle with the legal question,
for there was no question concerning the
performance of the alleged service. Then
he wrote the following decision, which set
tled Sharkey in one round :
This is an action brought by plaintiff to recover
the sum 01 $299 99, alleged to bo due for work
and labor penornied and services rendered
by one Georee Allen, the assignor of the plain
tiff, in and about the training of the de
fendant for a certain glove contest with one
Robert Fitzsimmons.
It is urged with much emphasis, by the at
torney for the defendant, that no recovery
can be had in this action, inasmuch as the
services which were performed by the de
fendant were unlawfnl, for the reason that
said services were render-.'d the defendant for
a "flsiic encounter,"' and that such contests
are prohibited by statute.
I have no doubt that this rule would apply
if the assignor were a principal to the so-called
"fistic encounter," as is claimed by the de
fendant, but in the case at bar the'assignor
was simply a servant to perform certain du
ties for defendant. If this so-called "fistic en
counter" had never taken place, could the ques
tion of a violation of the statute then be
raised?
It has been decided by our Supreme Court
that horse-racing is contrary to public morals,
but there are numerous decisions which hold
that the trainer of a racehorse and the jockey
who rode him were entitled to recover for
their services, and I am of opinion that the
same rule applies to this action, and that the
plaintiff herein is entitled to recover.
The only question then to be determined is
the amount of damages to which the plaintiff
Is ent.tled. The defendant does not deny that
A'len worked for him for the time specified,
but he claims that he paid Allen the sum of
$200, and this amount he claims was sufficient
for his services.
Danny Xeedham, Jimmy Carroll, Billy
Smith, and swme other pugilists of less note,
testified to the value of services rendered by
Allen, and there seems to be a consensus of
opinion that the sum of $500 would be a very
reasonable nrnount for the services rendered;
and as no evidence has been offered to con
tradict this testimony, I must be governed by
it. It is therefore ordered that judgment be
entered in favor of the plain tin" as prayed.
When the body blow had been admin
iptpred Justice Carroll leaned back and
smiled conter.t°d!y.
BUT NINETY-NINE LEFT.
The Exempt Fire Company Holds
Its Annual Election ot
0 ficers.
The Last Su: viving Reiic of San Fran
cisco's Volunteer Fire Depart
ment at a B?i quet.
The annual election of officers of the
Exempt Fire Company, the last surviving
reiic of the San Fr ncisco Volunteer
Fire Department, resulted in the choice of
the following named to serve for the cur
rent year: President, George T. Bohen;
vice-president, Andrew J. Jessnp; secre
tary, J.- J. Guilfoyle; treasurer, James W.
Kentzel; directors — Joseph Figei, George
J. Hobe, William Larkina, W. L. Rickman
ana Joseph Marshall.
Monday evening tne Exempts gave a ban
quet in the "Old House on the Hill," and
there were present besides the members a
number of invited guests, most-prominent
among them Mayor J. D. Phelan.
After an excellent menu had been dis
cussed, Colonel C. L. Taylor spoke of the
heroic worfc of the brave firemen and de
clared that they are deserving of the most
liberal appropriation to enable them to
carry out their most hazardous duties, and
declared that the $12,000 paid annually to
assist those old-time volunteers who by
reason of age and disability are no longer
able to provide for themselves is money
. well spent.
James O'Donnell. secretary of the com
mittee that has the distribution of the
money, read statistics, showing that at
the time the Volunteer Department was
disbanded there were 826 members who
joined the Exempts and 465 who did not.
Since then 296 firemen hay-) been buried
by the Exempts, and by reason of the loss
throueh resignations and for non-payment
of dues there are on the roll but 99 of the
B_6. He also stated thai aside from the 99
but 325 old firemen are living, and that
since the organization of the department
in 1850 there have died 966 Exempts. He
then gave an account of the disbursements
of the money in sums from $10 to $20 for
disabled firemen, many of them taken
from the Almsbouse and hospitals.
Mayor Phelan, after alluding briefly to
the organization and the work that the
pallant firemen had done, said: "You
have strong claims on the City govern
ment, ana when you make a call for aid
that call should be answered with the
same alacrity that you showed when you
were called to duty."
The speaker then told how ne learned
to appreciate the valiant deeds of firemen
when be witnessed the great fire at the
World's Fair at Chicago, when so many
firemen lost their lives in the discharge of
duty, and concluded Dy saying, after pay
ing a plorious tribute to the Exempts: "If
in your old age you firemen ask for com
pensation to aid* you in declining years,
not by favor, but by liglit, you are entitled
to it; you have earned your reward."
Auditor Broderick said that no bill was
more justified than the one giving an
allowance to support the old veterans.
Ex-Judge Robert Ferral made an elo
quent address aud there were speeches by
"Uncle" George Bromley, Lew Battler,
Supervisor Britt and others, and then fol
lowed songs that ttie old boys used to
sing and stories of volunteer days.
The committee on invitations, consisting
I of George T. Bohen, A. J. Jessup, J. J.
I Guilfoyle and J. W. K>ntzel, sent invita
tions to Governor Budd, Lieutenant-
Governor Jeter, Mayor Phelan, the twelve
Supervisors, Judges Hunt, Babrs, Wallace,
Cook, Joacbimseu, Conlan and Camp-
Deil, Chief Crowley, Captains Whitman
and Spillane, Chief Engineer Sullivan,
Assistant Chief Dougherty, Major-General
James, Colonel C. L. Taylor, C. X. Boyd,
Fire Commissioner McDun.'Ud, J. Carew,
G. S. Maxwell, J. Kenny, Peter Fleming,
J. Spinetti, James Sbay, A. Haraszthy, *.
A. Cavagnero, District Attorney Barnes,
W. Q. Cue, Tax Collector Block, Auditor
Broderick, Treasurer Widber, Shoriff
Whelan, George Love, Robert Ferral,
Ernest C. Stock, Captain Comatock, Fire
Marshal Towe, Superintendent of Fire
Alarm Hewitt, Walter Gallasher, Rev.
Julius Voorsauger, D. Sewell, A. P. Hotal
ing and Public Administrator Freese.
Letters of regret at inability to be pres
ent were read from D. T. Sullivan, chief
engineer, Assemblyman Gas Pohlman.
John Dougherty, first assisiant engineer,
John Crawford, Li?utenant-Governor Wii
llam T. Jeter, Rev. Julius Voorsanger and
bheriff Whelan.
The banquet committee, which got up a
v=ry fine entertainment, was composed ol
William Larkins, Henry A. Chase and C.
B. McFarland.
THE GLEANERS' REUNIONS.
The Object of a New Society to Fur
nish Entertainment for the Ex-
F-mpts Facing: the End.
The flag-raising commemorating the
fiftieth anniversary of the taking posses
sion of California by Commodore Sloac,
which took place on Portsmouth square
last July under th« auspices of the Ex
empt Fire Company of the Ban Francisco
Volunteer Fire Department, and the inter
esting friendly reunion which followed
the event, were what inspired the forma
tion of a society composed of women re
lated to lhe brave, unselfish firemen who,
in the earlvdays, sacrificed, money, health
and life to protect the interests of the San
Francisco pioneers.
This organization, of which Mrs. Geoige
J. riobe, the wife of one of the old-time
firemen, is president and Mrs. Andrew J.
Jessup is vice-president, has been in ex
istence a few months. "The ladies, " said
Mrs. President Hobe, "first obtained from
the ExemDts permission to hold reunions
in the meeting hall of the company.
Then they held a preliminary meetine on
the 22d of August and on the 16th of Sep
tember following the organization was
completed by the selection of tiie present
president and vice-Dresident and the selec
tion of Mrs. A. McCrcsen, Mrs. McFar
land and Mrs. Ameiia Freeman as an ex
ecutive committee. The society was
cnristened 'The Gleaners,' for all at the
meeting realized that they were entering
a field on which the reapers had finished
their work. The memories of 'Auld Liang
Syne' inspired them all, even at this late
day, to gather something that would glad
den the hearts of the fire laddies who are
facing the sunset of life.
"Trie Gleaners are banded together to
work for the Exempts and promote so
cial and intellectual intercourse among
the families of the members of the old
Volunteer Department. For years and
years the men met and were well ac
quainted with one another, but there had
not been in ail these many years meet
ings of the female relatives of these old
firemen.
"Joseph Figel, who was present at one
of the reunions, voiced the sentiments of
all when he expressed the hope that the
lady relatives of the Exempts would per
petuate the memory of the gallant tire
men — a body of men ranking second to
none in The annals of th« City.
"Our object," continued Mrs. Hobe, "is
to promote a spirit of sociability amon?
the families of the Exempts. Our
reunions are informal, non-sectar.an and
non-political. We have no salaries to pay
and no officer will be allowed to receive a
present. Women of good character, re
lated to Volunteer fireman who at the
time of the disbandment of tho Volunteer
Department were entitled to exemption
certificates, are eligible to membership.
We hold our reunions on the third Wednes
day of eaca month in the hall of the Ex
empts. The president and vice-president
are elected annually and the executive
committee is appointed by the president
and a committee on entertainment is ap
pointed each month The only revenue is
the contribution to the mitebox by mem
bers and visitors, as there are no dues.
"We have already had two very pleas
ant reunions, the last on the third Mon
day ol the current month. Vice-President
Mrs. Jesaup had charge of the programme.
There was a piano solo by Miss Galvin;
the president gavn those present a little
talk about the society, its aims and gov
erning principles, und gave some remin
iscences; Joseph Figel on behalf of the
Exempts delivered an interesting speech,
which was full of instructive information ;
Charles Plum, ex-president of the Ex
empts, delivered a pleasing address; Mr.
Junes and Mr. and Mrs. J. Ken'.zel gays ex
celient vocal music, and Professor Harris
gave some artistic music on the piano,
mandolin ana banjo."
Considerable interest has beefe awakened
by the Gleaners, and names are being
constantly added to the roll of member
ship. It will no doubt soon outnumber
the Exempts, who now have but ninety
nine on the roll.
Bogus Fire Detective.
A man calling himself a private fire detec
tive has been visiting a number of residences
in Hayes Valley for the ostensible purpose of
examining the stovepipes anj chimneys. The
Deople of that district ot tnis City ire sus
picious of the fellow and will notify the au
thorities.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL,"
BUSINESS OFFICE of theSanFmnclscoOALL^
710 Market street, open until 13 o'clock every
night lo the year.
BRANCH OKFICKS-527 Montgomery itmi,
ecruer-Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street^open until 9:3o o'clock.
015 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open uniil 9:30 o'clock.
1306 Polk street: open un'll 9:30.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
•^3p CALIFORNIA LODGE. NO. 1. F. m
S^^ A A. Mm will meet THIS (THURS- _Mk
DAY) EVKNING, January 28, at 7:30 «V
o'clock. Third degree. By order of the f^^S
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
BPS- ORIENTAL ENCAMPMENT, ft A
& : & No. 57. I. O. O. F.-Offlcers and pat-*^/*
r:archs ure Invited to visit sunset Encamp-
ment No. 25, in Aiameda THIS (THURS-/ \
DAY) EVKNING. Take 7:30 P. M. narrow-
gauge ferry line. By order.
- J. W. ADAMS, C. P.
8535" WESTERN ADDITION <smw/,s *
■f-*^ Lodge. No, i!B5, I. O. O. F. In-^»gg»fe_
Itiation THIS (THURSDAY) KVKN- =»SBCsF
ING, January 28. 1897. Visiting ■ "^im^~
brothers Invited to attend-
A. H. NOWELL, N. G. ,
Wit. F. Lek, Perm Secretary.
VtsS= THE BAN FRANCISCO .-COT- ' v «y s,
m*& tlah Thistle Clob meets TlllS^Llijri
(THURSDAY) XV ENING, Fraternity I*J»XSf
Hall, 32 O'Farrell street, a; 8 o'clock. HCJI
Monthly smoker follows.
W. a. DAWSON. Royal Chief.
j Georqk W. Patkrsos. Recorder.
BZSS' TO . THE -HAHEHOLDERs
.fS^er of the independent Red Men'a^l«^^t»
Hail Association — Yon are hereby uotl- _z»sr*-
fUd thai the annual general meeting of th- share-
holdurs or the Independent Ked Men's Hall Asso-
ciation will take .place on THURSDAY EVKN-
I.NG, January -.8, at 8 o'clock, in the Ked Men's
Hall, 510 j-.hhli st C. B. RODE, President
B. A. - AMMAN-x, Secretary^
Jt^» t-OULSBY CONfcOLIDATED GOLD
ZE<& Mining Company— Not cc is hereby • given
; that the regular annual meeting of the stock-
ho ders of the above company w II be held at their
office, room 7. Mills building, San Francisco, Cai.,
on WEDNESDAY. February 3, 1897.
EDWARD W. HEBaRD, Secretary.
E3*MASONJCUEMETEBY ASSOCIATION.—
mZ& The annual . meeting of lot-owners in the
: Masonic Cemetery will be held at the Masonic
Temple on TUKsDAY AFTERNOON, February
2,- 1897, at 2 o'clock, for the . election of three
trustees and such busine s as may legally come
before iv liliO. J. HoBj£, becretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1897.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued. -"
S^~S= THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
fS^y of the stockholders of the National Ice Com-
pany will be had at the office of the company, 327
Market St.. San Francisco, Cal., on WEDNES-
DAY, the 3d day of February, 1897, at the hour of
11 o'clock a. m., for th» purpose .of , electing a
board of directors to serve ior the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. T. DONAH Secretary.
Office 327 Market st., *an Francisco, Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
f53» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR «4r
K^-& rollci-t ons made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6; tel. 5680.
HSS" THEY BEI.I, ALL DRY GOODS. YARN,
Wr~*r table linen, lace curtains, towels, hosiery,
underwear, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons,
linings, thieads. handkerchiefs, veiling?, etc., very
Clienp a* Pioneer nry-goods Store, 105 I-'lfih st.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
pOMPETENT MOTHER AND DAUGHT-
\J er desire situations; mother good cook: best
references; country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler.
WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS HOUSE,
keeper; does not object to 2 children. Ad- i
dress R. C. F., Peralta Heights, cor. Lester and
Hanover ayes , East Oakland.
PKSPECTABLE YOUNG GIRL FROM THE
XV East wants a place to do chamberwork in
hotel or private family; city or country. Call 1018
Howard si.
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG GIRL
wltii 10 years' experience cooking and house-
work. Please call 1007 Natoma St., off j Eleventh,
be:. Howard and Mission.
A MERICAN WOMAN WISHES CARE OF IN- !
A Valid; will do housework if required; willing
10 «o to country or mining town. MRS. KERB,
1231 Market sl
GOOD GIRL 16 YEARS OLD WISHES SLTU-
alion In nice American family to assist in
housework or help take care of baby. Call at 233
Minna st. , between l hlrd and Fourth.
A MERIOAN WIDOW WANTS A POSITION
AMERICAN WIDOW WANTS A POSITION
as working housekeeper; wages $20. Address
A. W., box 97, Call Office.
IRST-CLASS COOK WITH DAUGHTER 16
X years old desires situation in first-class board-
ing-house or hotel: references. 326 Suiter st.
WANTED— MY A MIDDLE-AGED PRuTES-
tant woman a position to do general house-
work; small wages. Call 439 Minna st.
p IRL WANTS TO SEW AT DRESSMAKING:
\t has had experience. Apply 20 Scott aye., San
Bruno road.
pIRL WISHES TO HELP WITH COOKING
\J and housework; wages $12. Call 610% Min-
na st.
THOROUGHLY COMPETENT LADY'S MAID;
X good hairdresser; will help with other work;
good sewer: references. Address S. C, box 3. Call.
TT'XPKRIENCED GERMAN LADY; ANY
J2i kind of wok : by the day; good nurse; $1 aday
and carfare. 2.2y 3 Fourth su, rm. 29.
VOUKO GIRL WISHES CHAJIBERWORK
X and sewing in the city; wages $20. Address
by letter 526 Fulton st. No office need apply.
yoUSG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day : washing or housecleaolng. Address i* 0.,
167 Ninth st.
T\RESSMAKER— FITTER AND
U stylish designer: thorough dressmaker by the
day. MISS WARWICK, 104 Grove st.
Tj-RiiNCH GIRL WISHES A POSITION AS
F lady's maid or chambermaids and seamstress;
good references. Address 822 a Broadway st.
TV EAT YOUNG HEALTHY WOMAN WISH-
-11 es situation as wetnurse. U. G., box .7, Call
Office.
QWE"DIBH young girl wishes SITUA-
O tion to do second work or take care of chil-
dren. 916 Buchanan st.
YODKO GEKMAN LADY WISHES POBI-
X tion as governess or companion; thoroughly
capable of handling children. Apply 1205 Polk st
IRST - CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES
FIRST - CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES
work; wattes $1 50 a day: suits finished In two
days. Dressmaker, 120 1 a 'lurk St.
EASTERN WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE
would like first-class plate as housekeeper for
lodging-house, widower or bachelor. Boom 9,
472 Stevenson St., corner Sixth, after 12.
r OUNO GIRL WOULD LIKE HOUSEWORK.
. Please call 221 Eleventh st-
T? ASTERN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
Tj as housekeeper In hotel or private house: ca-
pable worker: can be relied on in every particular.
Address K. H., mi 83, Call Office.
XPEKIKNCED WAITRKSS OR CHAMBER-
EXPEKIKNCED WAITRESS OR CHAMBER-
maid would like a situation In country hotel
or boarding-house; $20. Address box 452, Hay-
waids P. O.
i. V YOUNG WIDOW POSITION AS HOUSE-
'' keeper Id lodging-house or private. Call or ad-
dress MRS. C, room 22, Nevada House, Sixth and
Natoma sts.
PROTKSTANT WOMAN DESIRES A SITTJA-
X tion In a nice family; good home more than
wages. 206 Fifth St., room 3.
GERMAN GIRL WANTS A PO8ITION; CAN
"JT cook, wash, iron good. 218 Perry St., bet
Fourth and Fifth.
\\T ANTED— PLACE IN A PRIVATE FAMILY
>» by stood woman; is a good cook; no postals.
Call 1205 Laguna su
MAN, WIFE AND CHILD WANT 1 OR 2
rooms in rooming-boase, where wife can worit
for rent. R. 8.. box 3, (.all.
ANTED-^-SITUATION TO DO WASHING
WANTED-^SITUATION TO DO WASHING
and cleaning house. 1205 Stelner st., upstairs.
ANTED — SITUATION AS CHAMBER-
. maid by a young Swedish girl. Apply 225
Perry St., beu Fourth and Fifth.
OUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X seamstress id private family, no objection to
assisting In upstairs work. 499 Haight st., corner
of Fill more.
YV ANTED— SITUATION GENERAL HOUSE-
'» work and rooking by competent young girl;
$20. Call or address V. J. F., 248 Oak st.
WANTED — POSITION AS COMPANION;
will assist with children; can give satisfactory
references. Address 8., box 7, call Office, Oak-
land. .
SUBPKNBKRSAND MUFFLF.KS EMBROID-
O ered by widow; 10 to 5 only. 1007 Market, r. 7.
ITUATION. WANTED TO DO GENERAL
SITUATION WANTED TO DO GENERAL
housework in small family by neat, active,
eiderly woman; good cook; city or country. Call
or address A. B. C, box 121, Call. <
"DEFINED YOUNG LADY DESIRES A POSI-
XV tion: is a good housekeeper. 157 Seventh st.,
room 10, second floor.
\V r OMAN WANTS Mi.N'S WASHING AND
'» mending; also plain washing. Apply 211 Na-
toma st.
YOUNG WIDOW WAISTS GENTLEMEN'S
X mending at home. 106 Fourth st., room 2. .
PESPECTABLE MAN WANTS WORK
Xt by the day; washing, ironing or cleaning.
8350 Twenty-sixth xv, cor. Capp. . . :
A TTRACTIVE YOUNG WIDOW, UNINCUM-
xV. bered, desires place ms working housekeeper.
122 Post si., room 2.
A PUSHED YOUNG LADY WANTS TO
A secure a place as housekeeper: bachelor's or
widower's home. Room 2, 223 Post st.
"YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X a* housekeeper; city or country. Call 144
Fifth St., room 6.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'•Market: 200 rooms isc o $150 per night;
$1 60 to $t$ per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Thk Call are taken at Branch - Office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sis.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at branch office, 839 Hayes su;
open until 9:3J o'clock.
W COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
slon; branch, office of Th« Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
71 O LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
• IO CALL; subscrlntlons an i want ad« taken.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 8 CENTS — TH»
. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. |
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
pOMPETENT ENGLISH' COACaMAITTsD
\J gardener desires situation: best re f.; city or
country. MJSSCULIEN, »23 Sutler su .-;;; i
UNTKR <fe CO.. CHINES IS AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearney, nr.Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C.YOUNG, m?r
TAPANESK INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
O 90, St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.; tel Main 6234.
pHINESE <fe JAFANFSE; KST'D 20 YKAHS:
AJhelp;teLmain 1997. BRADLEY&CO..64O Clay
/CHINESE AND JAPaNESK EMPLOYMENT
V office: best help. 414^ O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
STRICTLY SOBKR. RELIABLE COACHMAN
O from the East desires private- family work ;
thoroughly experienced: . neat appearance; .;■:■ 4
years with one family; best of references. . Ad-
aress A. ROSENBERG, 719% Howard st.;.
VOUSO MAN, WELL ACQUAINTED IN THE
-i- city, would like > steady work for himself and
team: has a good horse and express wa?on; will
care for team himself: wages *66 a month. Ad-
dress L. K. J., box 2, Call Office. - '-.■_ ■ • .-/./
POSITION AS PORTER; GOOD ALL-ROUND
J. hotel • man ; * best of reference* Address R.,
box 86, Call Office, •;
SITUATIONS WAJITED-ContlnneiJ,
YOUNG MAN WANTB POSITION AROUND
X private or gentleman's place: can take care of
horses and cows and be generally useful; good ref-
erence. 629 Sacramento st., room 79.
\y ANTED- WORK, BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
™ man) as dishwasher; assist In cook ing.; wait-
ing; make bed,; city or country. H. MILLER,
631 Sacramento st., room 15. ■ .
FIRST-CLASS HORSESHOER AND JOB-
bing blacksmith wants place- In a good shop,
or will take interest in shop: city or country. Ad-
dress s. 8., box 98. Call Office.
ituation wanted by a French
O cook. Address C. C, box 62, Call Office.
Ir>IRST-CLASS BREAD BAKER WANTS A
X 1 position. 543Natomast. "
POSITION WANTKD AS PORTER: HAVE
had 4 years' experience in one wholesale house
in this city; 1 am a strong young man, 22 years
old and living at home with my parents: will do
any kind 01' hard work. Address M. GALE, box
71, Can Office.
ANTED — SITUATION TO CARS FOR
'» horses; good gardener: first-class driver;
handy with tools; city or country. H. 8., box 118,
Call Office.
A7OUNG MARRIED MAN, EXPERIENCED.
X would like a position at teaming or delivery
wagon. Address W. T., 1 Kimball place, city.
T»\ COMPETENT MARRIED MAN POSITION
XJ as watchman, shipping clerk or any situation
of trust; speak, read and write English, German
and Spanish; Highest of references. Address H.
8., box 92, Call office.
JAPANESE COOK WANTS SITUATION IN
J small family; wages $20. S. NAKAHARA.
1600 Pacific aye. ' .
VOUNO MAN OF 19, WITH REFERENCES
X from last employer, desires a situation. Ad-
dress H. D.. 3968 Army sU
WANTKD— POSITION AS BARTENDKR;
references and 2 years' experience. Bar-
tender, box 86, Call.
WANTED — MIDDLE- AGED AMERICAN,
" with references, warn situation as gardener
and general work about private place: horses, cow;
handy with tools; moderate wages. Address Will-
ing, box 119, Call Office.
BY YOUNG GERMAN, POSITION AS CLERK
In , cash grocery have had some experience :
object, future partnership. Address G. C, , box 62,
Call Office.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
~i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
OQQ HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
OO U The Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
T> RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
XJ su — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
j Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
,-.07 MONTGOMERY. CORNER OF CLAY—
«>— I open until 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads- taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
"» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to SI 50 per night:
SI 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WAITRESS, SMALL HOTEL, $16; COOKS
"" and housework girls, etc. MURRAY <fe
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay sU
4 WAITRESSES, FIRST-CLASS HOTEL.
Los Angeles, $20: waitresses, hotel, city, $20
and $18; girls for housework, city and country,
«1 5. $20 and $25: German or Scandinavian gins
for housework, sleeu home, $18: young girls, $8,
«10 and $12. C. R. HANsEN A CO., 110 Geary.
COOK, JEWIBH FAMILY, $35; COOK,
American family, $30; nurse. $20; chamber-
maid. $20; housework girls, city and country,
S2O and $25: 8 young crirls, assist, $10 to $16.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
SWEDISH OR GERMAN HOUSEWORK
girl: $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter sU
WOM A2TOB GIJ'L: HOUBEIVOKK: SLEEP
it home: $20. MIsS CULLcN, 323 Sutter st.
\\r ANTED-FIRST-CLASS NURSE. 1 CHILD,
'• $25; waitress and parlor-maid, $25; 2 cooks,
Oerni'ui style, $25 and $30; German chambermaid
and sewing. $20; 2 waitresses, boarding-bouse
and restaurant, $20 and $25, and a great many
girls for housework. J, F. CKOSKTT <& CO., 316
Suiter st.
3 HOUSEKEEPERS. $12 AND $15: GIRL,
Clay St.. $25: girl, • ..ctuviasu, $-0: family cook,
$25: girl, Kddy st., $20; German nurseglrl, $20;
girl, Bartlett St., $10: girl, Webster st., $20; girl,
Laguua St., $15; girl. Clay St., $16: girl, Powell
su, $15: girl, FUlmore St., $16: nurseglrl, $10;
girl, O'Farrell sU, Sl5: girl, *olsom su, $20: girl.
Thirteenth st., $16: 12 young girls. $8. $10 and
$12 per month; German girl, country, $20; girl,
Clay st.., $15: girl. 3 In family, Pierce sU. $16.
martin 749 M_Ket st
tl WAITRKSStS. SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,
— $20 and room: chambermaid, $16 and room; 3
waitresses, $6 a week; 2 waitresses, $15 and room;
laundress. $26 and room; 3 waitresses, $20 and
room; waitress, country restaurant, $20 and room;
cook. $20 and room; kitchen helper, 820. Mau-
TIN' 6, 749 Market st.
GERMAN GIRL. ROSS VALLEY. $20, BKE
\X pany In office 11 A. it. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st. ,
pIRLS FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK,
VJT inirspgiris and cooks for the country Swedish
or German preferred. MRS. DADAMI, 313 Sutter.
PLAIN HOTEL LAUNDRESS, $25. R. T.
X WARD & Co.. 610 Clay sU .
OFFICE FKE REDUCED; 25 CTS.; GIRLS OF
a 1 nationalities to fill various positions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason su
WANTED— A WOMAN OR GIRL FOR LIGHT
housework; small wages; sleep home. 12fcsy a
Fourth su
ANTED— GIRL TO HELP WITH
light housework and assist with care of baby.
Call 312 Brannau sU .
GOOD PLAIN COOK WANTED FOR COUN-
VX try boarding-house, see lady at 1616 Jackson.
"tpXPERIENCED CLOAKMAKER; NO OTHER
XLi need apply. 118 McAllister st. .
— — ____^ ________
p IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. CALL
VX at 2328 Sutter st.
\\r ANTED— GOOD TAILOR FOR CUSTOM
" coats; stead* work; good wages. 966 Folsom.
WANTED— FOR SECOND WORK AND
waiting. 1307 Hyde st.
■\TEAT GIRL OR WOMAN TO DO GENERAL
-Li housework. 1118 Guerrero su • it .-;
■EXPERIENCED APPRENTICE WANTED
XL on cusiom coats.* J23 P.helan building.
GOOD HANDS WANTED ON VESTS. 641
Stevenson st.
APPRENTICES, DRESSMAKING. 4a AN-
tonio sU, off Jones, near Ellis.
GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL HOUSE-
work; strictly neat. At 654 Church su
•MEAT YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
— ' housework; sleep home; good living; $10.
2307 Jac-soo.
ANTED— GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
house»oric. 3216 Jackson su '<
WANTED- YOUNG SWEDISH OR GERMAN
" girl for light housework; no washing: wages
$10. 603 Geary.
W A TED— STRONG GIRL FOR HOUSE-
" work; plain washing; - wages $15. 710 Hyde.
WANTKD-A LADY OF TACT AND RE-
finement for position as office manager: secur-
ity required. Address Manager, box 43, Call Office.
SF. DKEfeSCUTTING SCHOOL— FRENCH
• tailor system taught- 916 Market sU, rm. 54.
l/'LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
X Academy. 14 McAllister St.; $1 a week.
£1 F. LARKJN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"X Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
PERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS
X cutting and making taught; < asv payments;
unlimited lessons; patterns 25c MCDOWELL
Dresscutting School, 636 Market st. ' I
ANTED— MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
ber trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given;
catalogue senu s. F. Barber School. 1616 Howard.
11 (A NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
XXU The Call; subscription and warn ' ads
taken.
T AWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS : THE
XJ only reliable place for patterns; every one
guaranteed to be perfect. 128l Market sU
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
1»X Winchester House, 44 Third su, near Market:
200 rooms; 36c to $160 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED. ■
■FOREMAN FORA RANCH, NEAR CITY, $30,
X found: : man to raise blackberries on shares; 5
primers for a vineyard; farmer and wife; ' stage-
driver; cooks, waiters, dishwashers, etc; ranch
to rent, $5 acre. MURRAY. & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. . :
O MORE SCANDINAVIAN OR GKRMAN
A farmers, for an orchard, $20 and found: 2 East-
ern farmers, same ranch, $20., C. R. HANSEN A
CO.. 110 Geary sU -
RLEIGH uRILL MEN. COUNTRY. 82 a
day and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st. . • •
SECOND COOK. HOTEL, NORTH, $60;
third cook, country hotel, $30. C. R. HAN.
BEN & CO., lIP Geary sU; • Uv-Vv--*
YY ANTED- SALESMAN, DRUMMERS;
"■ *» side line ; fast seller: great big hit ; t^rms free.
Household Novelty Company, Providence, it. J.
'■'•■,- ■ ■ '- - . ■ . ->■■:■ ■ .
HELP WANTED— Contfnn**.
HEAD COOK. $60: SECOND CO^K, »35;
third cook, $30: cook and second. $90: cook,
$60 end room: 000k. $75 and room; second cook
and do pastry, $35 and room, country hotels:
bell and elevator boy, $10 and room; young men
for waiting and pantry work, $15 and room; cook,
$40 and room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
iTARRIAGE BLACKSMITH HKLPKR, $7 A
\J week; man to grow blackberries. MARTIN'S,
749 Market sU
MILKER AND WIFE FOR DAIRY, WIFE
to cook, $40 and found: nice place; also team-
sters, farmers, cooks, waiters, dishwashers, etc.
W. D. EWER <fe CO., 626 Clay St.
___
X\T ANTED— A YOUNG GERMAN WHO UN-
' ' derstands bottling wine and can make himself
useful in a liquor-store, $9 a week. L. ANDRE,
315 atocktonsc.
—
"WANTED— YOUNG FARMER, TO LEARN
" fruit-rHlstng business: pruners, farmers, stage-
driver and Oherj. Apply to J. F. CKOSETT &
CO., 6-8 Sacramento su
f">EW MORE MEN WANTED FOR THE NEW
dry-goods house to be opened next month In
this city, iiy authority of the firm. U. S. Indus-
trial Agency, room 166, Crocker buildine. Also a
boy 16 or more to act as porter and deliver parcels.
AVT ANTED— STEADY. RELIABLE MAN FOR
»» country position: must have $5 expense
money. 9 Geary, room 2.
GREEN HANDS AND SEAMEN FOR SOUTH
Sea. HERMAN'S, 637 Clay sU
niSHWASHER WANTED AT 1650 MARKET
XJ st. ; prefer French, Ital lan or Swiss.
"TUSHWASHER WANTED FOR SMALL
XJ restaurant. 1224 Point Lobos aye.
WANTED— GOOD COOK AND SECOND GIRL
for country. 9:30 to 12, 1900 Washington su
W ANTED— TEN ANTS FOR VACANT
" stores, flats and cottages, from $10 a month,
at A. M. bPJSCK 4 CO.'S, 602 Marke: su
WANTED-BUYiiR FOR A COFFEE AND
•> lunch business; clears $100: business dis-
trict; price $360. A. M. SPECK <fe CO., 662 MkU
2 BARBERS' STRAIGHT-BACK CHAIRS
for sale, cheap. 759y 3 Howard su
RUNS WICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.; OPEN
all night; rooms 25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, Manager.
QTRONG BOY NOT UNDER 16 FROM RE-
O spectacle parents to learn the candy trade; call
at once at SCHAEFER'S, 22 Sixth sU
HOEMAKERS WANTED ON MEN'B SHOES
202 a Fifth st.
rriWO-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE
X cheap: good location. 415 Hayes st
BARBERS-GOOD 3-CHAIR SHOP: MUST
be sold at once. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106
Ellis st.
ANTED-PARTNER WITH $200 IN GOOD
paying saloon; night work. W. R., box 88,
Call.
BARBER-sHijP FOR SALE; RUNNING 2
chairs. Call 112 a First st.
UAKBER WASHSTANDS. 1, 2 AND 3 BOWLS,
it cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate ay
rmiKEF-CHAIR BAKBER SHOP; 4 FINE
X living-room?; yard: also gas range for sale
cheap: owner going East; great bargain. 408V 2
Sixth st,
WANTED TO-DAY— ACTIVE MAN VVILL-
Ing to work and invest; $10 cash; $'20 weekly
guaranteed; also man with small capital as mana-
ger of branch office; good pay. 215 bansome, r. 12.
WANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
school supplies. Whitaker-Kay C 0. ,723 Markt
VOR SALE— THREE-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP;
X cheap. A. B. C, box 104. Call Office.
TYLISH AND DURABLE CALF BHOES
mi.de to order, $2 50. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
TjECRUITB WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
XV rino Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and SO years
who are citizens of the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come such; must be of good character an : habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in belehu For
further Information apply at the Recrui ling office,
20 Kllis su. San Francisco, Cal.
lift NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
llDl'as call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
DARBERS-POK EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
X> P. C. Barbers' Ann. S. FUCHS, 326 Grant ava
TOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
O secretary .H. BKRNARD, 102 seventh sU
ELCHO HOUSK, 863 V» MARKET ST.— P-OOMd
20c, 25c to 60c night; $1 to $2 ween.
%1 Q MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— O 1 O want ads taken for THE CALL.
POO MS 16c TO 76c PER NIGHT; 50c TO $1 60
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm su
Q INGLE FUBNISH-D ROOMS; 16c A NIGHT:
O 75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
W ANTKD-LABORERS AMD MECHANICS
' ' to know that Ed Kolktn, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su : 15U
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 pa week.
W ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
» ' Tub Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts,
WANTED.Tu COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerks. K.N'UX Collection Ascy. 110 Sutter
OS 1 Q MISSION BT.-BRANCH OFFICE OF
-JiOthk Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
E SIMON WANTS 100 MKN TV vET BOT-
. tie beer or wine 6c: best free lunch. 643 Clay.
q^KY ACME HOUSE, 957 HARKtT ST., BK-
X low Sixth, for a room: 26c a night; $1 a week.
"DOSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
IX nlshed rooms, \!oc to 25c night, $1 to $1 60 wk.
BE&T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
26 cents per night: $1, $1 z&, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorif sts.
WANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK Of
some simple thing to patent* Protect your
Ideas; they may brine 700 wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., DepU L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington. D. C, for their $ISUU priM
ofier and list of 200 inventions wanted.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
"V Maricet: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-
room; free bus and bazgage to and from the ferry.
WANTED-SINULi. ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for 2, 26c a day. $1 60 a week;
reading-room; daily papers. 36 Clay su
\f\l\ MEN, TO TAKK LODGING AT 100, 150
l\J\r and 20c a nlgnu including colfee and rolls.
C 24 Washington sU, near Kearny.
WANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
shoes up to 9 o'clock every night; those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at night while yon wait: lames' soling, »sc; nien't
sollne, 60c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lot of sho«« been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth' their value, from 25c up to
$2 50. S6'2 Mission su. bet. First R. and Second st.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED — DO YOU WANT
money? Profitable eoods: new; catchy; free
terms. Househcld Novelty Co., Providence. R. I.
FURNITURE WANTED.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
T?URNITI'RE, STOVES, CARPETS, COUN-
X ters, showcases. ANDERBON, 1121 Market.
TTIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE PAID
XI I iv Indiana Anctlon C 0.1057 Market.onp.Jonei
ROOMS WANTED.
-yOUVG LADY DESIRES FURNISHED
1 room; Jewish family; not to exceed $6. Room,
bux 2, Call.
BOARDING WANTED.
WANTED- BY AN ELDERLY COUPLE, 2
sunny rooms, unfurnished preferred, in a
quiet family, with board; terms $50. best refer-
ences; not temporary. P F., box 16, Cal!.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— A FINE PARROT CAGE; BEO
ond band; must be cheap. H. , box 2. Call.
\\T ANTED— DIAMOND IN EXCHANGE FOR
»» piano. Address 11., box 119, Call.
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, BASHES,
doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
elry 10 A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth su: send postal.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY' BTJB-AM CARPET CLEANING WORK?;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN^
Mi.r. 38 and 40 Mghih at.; telephone South 260.
W HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»" poorworksend toSPAULDING'S PloueerCar
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
1 WATTS, reliable carpet-cleanlug renovtg. alter-
t) . ation works. 409 McAllister. Tel. Jessie 321.
pARPETS CLEANED A RENOVATED LIKE
V, new. 23 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh & Co.
JE. MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEAN INO CO.,
. 240 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mia 74
pARPET-CLEAMNG, 3c; LAYING, 3c; RUG
VJ samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 19 BthsU
pON KLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORK*
! \J 833 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
PERSONALS. =>
KIT, COME HOME TO-DAY OR TO-MORROW
afternoon. HER. -
ABY FOR ADOPTION. MRS. DR. FUNKE,
1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
RS. C. SANCHEZ. ARTISTIC HAlR-
dresser ai;d manicure. 614 Pine st., room 7.
AG CARPETS FOR SALE!
iv also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth st, Oakland. Cal.
MR. JESS RASSMUSSEN. AGED 26 YEARS,
a native of Denmark, Is requested to com-
municate with his aged, mother. MRS. mari*.
MILLKR, 219 Francisco St., city.
INFORMATION OF THE WHEREABOUTS
I of O. M. McCLOUD and wife, last heard 01 were
In Oakland in 1894. Write C. S. SAMUELS. iN,
New Atlantic Hotel, San Francisco. '
HE COPARTNERSHIP HERETOFORE XX-
. sting between W. T. ROBINS<N and A. F.
WADE under the firm name of Central Hardware
and Tool Co. at 12 First si. was dissolved January
1. 1897, business now being conducted by A. F.
WADE. ;.- .■,-;■■ .
HAVE YOU TRIED
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO - MAGNETIC
BATHS 1
For those rheumatic pains that cause you so
much suffering? You don't need to suffer an-
other day. The cure is simple, the remedy pleas-
ant and comfort always follows. One trial will
benefit you. Don't forget the place. Hygienic
board and sunny rooms if desired. Come to-day
to 1533 BUCHANAN ST. Consultation tree, 1 to
3 and 6 to 8; Sundays 10 to IV".
1 HAVE BOUGHT OUT ALL THE RIGHT
X and title of W. T. Koblnson in the Central
Hardware ana Tool Co. All accounts are payable
to me. A. F. WADE, 12 First st. •
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE
X reasonable; 10 years' experience: all matters
strictly confidential. Address or call, 223 Steven-
son st. O. R. WEBSTER.
ME. PEARL SHELDON, CARD READER,
has returned. Call after 12, r.17, 120 Ellis st.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
■£*- laity: private; no fee without success, pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc, : private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market,cor.Stocktn
"WHAT IS THE USE, MR. LEDERER,"
» » said a lady, "of paying 60 cents to have one's
hair dressed only fairly, when you do it so excel-
lently for only 25 cents?" And that's what I say.
.Shampooing the hair and treating the scalp with
QUINONIa hair tonic 60 cents. G. LEDKRER,
111 Stockton st.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING CURED;
0 obesity reduced upon new and scientific prin-
ciples. 1156 Broadway, Oakland, room 25.
T AURA DE FORCE GORDON, ATTORNEY
Xj at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
"METROPOLITAN DETECTIVE BUREAU,
IX Parrott building, ever Emporium; offices, 540-
-641: hours 9 a m. to 12 p. m.; tele. Mint 1471.
PAINTING. WHITENING, PAPERING,
X etc. ; times are bard-, . must have work. F. ED-
WARDS, 1200 Webster st., cor. Eddy,
1 (\i\C\ CARDS, $1 50. SHOW CARDS. ETCH
XUUV TeL Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary St.;
flUl A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS AT WIL-
«JPX SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fa*.
Dished for $1; call or write. 1029% Market tt,
bet Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL
97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
•J— I of Thk Call: want ads and subscriptions
taken.
pARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration; particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine st; Illustrations tarnished
for magazines, newspapers, etc. ■ >
ARTISTIC HAIRDKESSING, 25c; $26 FOR
JnL cases of hair falling or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD, 1104 .Market st., room 28.
ii ANIMATOSCOP*. THE PERFECT
screen machine. For price of hand or motor
machines call or address Anltnatoscope Company,
933 Market st, San Francisco, seventh floor.
R. C. E. FARNUM HAS MOVED TO THE
Parrott building, over Emporium, 3d fl., r. £03.
PUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
XV onUl cured: send for book. DRS. MANd.
FIELD & PORTERFIELD. 838 Market st
MAGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
iVL chine; uses the klnetoscope films; price $250.
BACIGALUPI, 946 Market st.
WALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
• » ing, palutlng.etc., by contract or day's « orient
your own price. N.E. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st
L)IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
i) ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 140 Market st.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN S EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
200 rooms, 250 to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAVE YOUR FKATHER-BE.DS AND PlL-
lows filled. McC aBE'S, 870 Mission, cor. 6th.
DIVORCK AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 9'J6 Market St., S. F.
PLOAKS, FUKS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st
DRESSMAKERS.
COMPETENT DRESSMAKER WISHES PRI-
-_ vate pup Is in dressmaking. . D.. box 22, Call.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't fall
to see her if you are Interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, .business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, interest you: If
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.; In a word, what-
ever may. be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours a a. m. to Bp. v.. strict. N. B.— Satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamphlet
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1206 Mar-
ket st. parlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
MME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future: consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excelled; names given; good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1 : letter $2. 929 Post st, nr Larkln.
ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant card-reader; : born with . double veil
and second sight; diagnoses diseases, with full life
reading; ladies, 50c: gents, $1; palmistry «nd
clairvoyant sittings, $1 50. 126 Turn st, nr Jones.
CHITA RETURNED: WONDERFUL
\J card-reader. 138 a Fourth st., room 4.
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS: LA
dies, 26c; gents, 60c 961 Mission, nr. 6th.
MRS. DEAN— RETURNED: MEDIUM AND
mental healer. 605 I'ost st, room 1.
MME. MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium in city; fee 26c up. 764 Howard st
Gil PSY LIFE READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh at , nr. Market; ladies 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, BKST- KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant Id the city. Residence. 132 Turk st
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FKOM. CRADLK TO
grave: pictures Elven:ladles 'Jsc: 614 O'FarrelL
SPIRITUALISM.
MBS. C. J. MEYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT, TUBS.,
Wed. and Frl., 'i p it. : trance dr., Mon. and
Frl. eve., 26c: sittings dally. 326 .McAllister st
PROF. MINGOS' DARK CIRCLE FOR IN
X tigators; bring your own slates and photo-plates
for flashlight; admission 25c. 834 Mission. .
ME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE -MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission..
MRS. PLACE'S TE.-T CIRCLE TO-NIGHT.
229 Fell st ; 25c. {
MB. YOUNG; TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
10c; fine music. 418 McAllister st.
MRS. MAYO STEERS' CIRCLE TO-DAY, 2
o'clock. 25c; readings, $1. 112y a Oak su
R. HANSEN'S PUBLIC TB*T CIRCLE TO-
night; 10c; skeptics invited. 107 Fifth '
MISS MAUD FOSTER, BUSINESS ME-
dlnm. room 8, -8 1. 2 Hxih st
BS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium <& life reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FRANCIS, 1 INDEPENDENT SLATE
-OL.;. writer. 118 Halcbt sU; hours 9 until 6p. m.
RS. B.LLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TO B $1- 1
circles Toes..' Frl.*.- 2 p. . m.. -.'sc. 233 Valencia! !
" ASTBOLOGi". . , ~— —
YOUR LIFE— THOUSANDST^ESTIFtTTrje'
X veal past and future; send 2bc fcr character
sketch and diseases; birthplace; year, sex, month
hour, a. m. or p.m. If possible. ■, PROF. Balrd
Astrologer, box 4i9c. San Jo c, Cal.
HYPNOTISM. *
Hypnotism SCIKNTIFICAITy~T^TuGHT~
success prtd.HvpnotlcAlesmerlclns,6O' Far reij
. j-o ■ n PHYSICIANS. '
DR. C. C O* DON WELL, 1206 MARKET, COR.
uoldenG&te ay. ; diseases 01 women a specialty.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FOR FURNI-
tore, restaurant saloon fixtures and grocery
Btocga. STKNBEKQCO.. 632 MarKet st.
(&CAA SALOON AND WINE CELLAR: Ol'l
tir*-»UvJ. posit e theater; established manyyearsjr
sold on acountof old age. . SI'KNBERG & CO.,
632 Market st.
(Cj^OF: SALOON: WHOLESALE DISTRICT:
tJPT'— O. old-established piacH : cheap rent with,
lessee: leaving city. STENBERG & CO., 632
Market st •
CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
<IPOOV. with living-rooms; half block of Mar-
ket st.; rent $25, with lease; excellent chance for
a man of energy. 3TKNBKRG CO., 632 Market
ffliQFvfV COAL-OIL HCIUTE: 400 CUHTOM-
tIT'O^-'y. era; good horse, and wagon; week's
trial. STKNBERGCO.. 632 Market st.
G^SS? B t,, AND BAR = 4 ROOMS; PRICE
VJ $200. DECKER. 1020 Market st
4tQE,O STATIONERY, CANDY AND NO-
*S>Oa\J tion store. DECKER. 1020 Market st
<2*l9^ FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT:
isl£O. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st
THOSE WHO AKK sKEKI.NG BUMNES3
X places it will pay them by calling on THOMAS
& CO., 83 Sixth st, room 18.
PARTNER WANTED IN A CASH BUSINESS-
X must be able to give good reference: no otheri
need to apply. 33 Sixth st., room 18, THOMAS
<fe CO.
CJftnn WILL BUY A FINE COFFEE HOUSE;
tJpUUv a good location: doing a good business;
will bear investigation. 33 Sixth st, THOMAS •&
CO., room 18.
©OK A WILL BUY A FINE CANDY STORE
fjt)£O\J doing a nice business. Call 33 sixth
st, room 18. THOMAS & CO. . ""*
C£-\ 7C RELIABLE MAN AS PARTNER IN
tJpXlc). good-paying business: horse, wagon,
tools »nd lots of work. A. 8. , box 96, Call Office.
ffl.-| r/\ BRANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS;
tJ^IOU. lurnitureof 6 rooms: cheap rent; flue
location. Property Exchange, 860 Market st.
m>rrr RESTAURANT: BARGAIN; SUIT
«J • D. man and wife: leaving city; other busi-
ness. a, box 71, Call Office.
HALF INTEREST IN OLD-ESTABLISHED
business on principal street. Address R. 8.,
box 126, Call Office. :
pENTLEMAN PARTNER WITH SMALL
VJT capital wanted by young widow. 207 Post
St., room 8. /
D/'AA RESTAURANT FOR SALE: DAILY
»JpOl/U. receipts $40; full trial given. S., box
71, Call Office. .
MAN WANTED BY EASTERN. LADY: UN-
dertake country business. 1 Fifth st., room 1.
CJ»"1 A A SHOESHOP TSOR SALE IN GOOD
tjp IUU, mining camp; good business; all a
good workman can do; good prices for work;
neat shop, newly fixed up: price Includes shop*
fixtures, good will, etc. Apply tor particulars to
Stoli and Van Bergener. 546 Market st, or A. 8.
BURROUGHS, 325 u'Farrell si.
PARTNER WANTED WHO CAN INVEST
X from $2600 to $3000 in an enterprise In Mexico,
enormously profltaole; does not. need to to down
if not wishing to. but I want none but a keen and
brilliant man, who must have money and judg-
ment. S., box 71, Call Office.
/GREATEST CHaNCE EVER OFFERED;
VX Investment of $1500. balance in easy install-
ments; $250 and over net profits per month: lodg-
ing-house on the best part of Market: established
for many years. For further particulars address
a, box 96, Call Office.
to 7A A CHOP AND OYSTER HOUSE, NEAR
•C) lUu. Baldwin; good reason for selling. In.
quire this office. Bfftfß
TTiOR SALE CHISAP-ELEGANTLY FITTED
X I up restaurant: parties are leaving city. Ad-
dress 167 Ninth st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY
for sale. Twenty -second and Fair Oaks~sts.
EXPKEss BUSINESS, COR. SANSOME AND
Suttersts. J. C. FufcDE KICKS.
/~VLD - ESTABLISHED BAKERY: EVERY.
\J thing complete; for sale cheap. Apply Call. .
T/OR SALE— GOOD EXPRESS BUSINESS.
X Apply SW. cor. Eighth and Market sts.
FINE PAY CORNER CIGAR-STORE;
cheap. 1 Taylor st: Mitchell's corner.
mo LET— CIGAK-STAND, CLCBROOMS AND
X basement 589 California st.
LOCKSMITH AND REPAIRING SHOP D>-
XJ ing goo! business, for sale cheap, on account
of departure East; splendid cnance for locksmith,
or tool maker. Address v., box 3, Call Office, Oak-
land.
AN OR WOMAN WITH $500 CASH TO
handle and control a light and paying busi-
ness; will stand investigation; $5000 per year.
Call 124 Sixth St.. room 1-2. . ..
<D» ICA CASH; GOOD- PAYING RKSTAU-
<ID I O\J rant: receipts from $16 to $20 a day.
Apply 948 Fillmore st, cor. McAllister.
INE OPENING IN ESTABLISHED DETEC-
tive business for partner with little money.
X-, box 1, all Office.
BARGAIN; "FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT:
X/ if sold this week; living-rooms; no agents.
R., box 18, Call Office.
IRST-CLASS PHOTO GALLERY ON MAR
X ket st. for sale. Address J. WAH RAN, 231
Seventh st, city. :.r.-- '• T-\
pOKNER SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
v> business. Apply Chicago Brewery, 1420 Pine.
SPLENDID OPENING FOR BUSINESS
O with $600. Particulars SICKELS. 620 Market.
pOOD PAYING RESTAURANT FOR SALK,
Vjr or will rent to responsible party. Apply 210
Drumm st
ROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE. INQUIRES
CARTAN, MCCARTHY A CO., 312 Sacra-
mento st.
dfc7X CIGAR-STAND, WELL ESTABLISH.
«JT 10. Ed, near Market st. Apply this office.
<Si9nn FRUITSTORE; HORSE AND WAR-
iSZ.\J\J. on; fine slock. L., box 16, Call Office}
pANDSBURG DEVELOPMENT CO. "wTIZ
XV sell V& Interest In its property and business for
89000 casn; money wanted to extend the business
- ofcomp'y: mining, real estate, commission. Oscar
T. Shuck, 509 Kearny, E.F. Bean.Randsburg, Cai.
fl&Onft BUYB HOTEL AND BAR; RENT
i®4.\J\J $12. 2521 Twenty-iounh st., near
Potrero aye.; car stops.
p ESTAUKANT; CHEAP: SEAT 50 PERSONS;
XV living-rooms: present owner for 5 years; must
leave city; near factories R. a., box 85, Call.
p COD-PAYING COUNTRY HOTEL TO RENT
VJ" at reasonable terms. MRS. A. SID WELL,
Rio Vista, Solano County, CaL
OR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS;
fine corner saloon and rooming-hotel, Capitol
Hotel, Eleventh and Franklin sis., Oakland.
JiI.NE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
X business; one block from Market 15 Grant aye.
T ATEST CAR FENDER PATENT; BEST IN-
Xj ventlon. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
PRINTING MATERIAL FOR SALE CHEAP
X at 8 Montgomery aye., room 14.
X\' ANTED— PARTNER IN CHOWDER AND
"» liquor bouse. 650 Sacramento, cor. . Kearny.
pE.NTLEMA.V PARTNER WANTED BY
vJ young widow of means. 106 Fourth, room 2.
pESTAURANT FOR SALE; BEST LOCA-
XV tlon: doing good business; grand bargain;
owner going away. A pDly at this office.
-VTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
J-l close to San Francisco. For particulars apnly
this office.
—^
9^l ft MISSION - SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
4.V± U want ads taken lor Ihe Call. '
OOQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
OyO (all; subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
FOR SALE— ROOMING-HOUSE; 24 ROOMS;
$200. . 140 Minna st
On-ROOM HOUSE AT A BARGAIN ON AC
£uO count of 'change of business. 11 Eddy st.
BARGAIN: $750: NICKLY FURNISHED
sunny rooming-house 9 rooms, bath. 60 1 Geary.
ANTED TO BUY OR RENT A LODGINO-
»» house of 20 rooms or upward. J.. box 106,
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
I DECKER'S BARGAINS
' a7-room house $700! *22- room house... $500
It-room house.. 160 24 rooms, corner. 750
55 rooms, cor... 3,000 34 rms on Sutter. 701)
11 rs., must sell 20 - 66 rms, best city. 3,500
H. c. DXX. R, 1020 Market St. opp. Flftn.
$9X(k HOUSE OF 10 SUNNY ROOMS;
— U\J. north of Market: clears »35 over ex-
penses. *TENBERG CO., 632 Market st
O| -. GEARY — HOUSE OF 12 ROOMS, FULL
OX i of gentl-meu roomers; price $iOO. ■:;?•''.-'
A{\i\ UARPKTo: CHAMBJiK fch. Is. $U:
"vW stoves, $5: parlor eets, $20: folding-bed),
flO: bar outfit*. T. D. MCCARTHY, 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household poods: new or gooJ
•s new: cas.i or on lime: open evenings.
1 ITKI.MiHAM FL7RNITUKK CO.— LOWEST
J> prices: furniture, carpus: all trades. 866 Mtis'n
— "/ HOTELS. ~~
"OROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUSH ST.,
xi board and room $1 to %'i per day/ $6 10 $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1: suite
looms for family $1 10 si 50 per night: first-class
service; free couch. CHARLES MONTGOMERY* • ' HOUSES TO LET.
iQi JACKSON— LARGE BRICK BUILDING,
'JOi suitable for storage or wholesale purposes;
concrt^e. basement: newly renovated, .ripply L.
X. BAB.IN, 413 Kearny si.
' '/mo LFJT-1030 PINK ST.: 2-STORY HOUSE,
I 1 10 rooms, oath: new.iy renovated; Nob Hill.
■ inquire on premises.
I ) R A N N A N — SUNNY SIDE. ABOVE SECOND
J ) —2-story Jiouse; 6 rooms and bath: rent low to
a B rQri t»caiiu Apply to C. & CAPP & CO.. Real
Estate Agents. 415 Montgomery st.
O'FARRELL, BET. MASON AND TAYLOR—
K«-ar house of 3 rooms. Apply to C. 8. CAPP
& CO.. Keaf i.Btat^ Agents. *16 Montgomery st,
•T KXINGTON AVK. (FORMERLY STEVEN-
: \j son St.), b^u Mission «nd Valencia, Twentieth
and Twenty-first— Neat 2-story house; 6 rooms
and bath rent low to a good tenant. Apply to C.
S..CAI'P & CO., Real state Agents, 41& Mout-
gomery su .
REATLY REDUCED 'RENT TO STEADY
IjT tenant: newly renovated; painted; cable
passes, 707 Mason st.
©I 7 1608 PACIFIC AYE.— HOUSE SIX
0 1 I . rooms: large yard; cellar.
HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS (REAR), 1310 LARKIN
11 st. Apply 1318 Larkin su
7-ROOM -COTTAGE, STABLE AND LARGK
,yt yard; on Vicksburg and Jersey sis., nr.Twenty
fourth and Church.
ffiQVJ'F'.fi RKNT REDUCED: SUNNY
im04..0y- house 7 rooms, bath; modern. 914
.Ellis St., near Van Ness aye.
CUT A HOUSE OF 4 NICE ROOMS, 77 FEET
■ «3)XU- from cor. California and Hyde sts.; water
and ashes free, Inquire 13-8 California at.
2 NICE SUNNY HOUSES ON I £ A . VJ £ N "
worth, near Jackson: rent reduced to 916. Ap-
ply BUVEE, TOY A bONNTAG, 30 Montgomery.
OUSE OF 9 SUNNY ROOMS COR. PIERCE
su and Elm aye.. nr. Turlc: 9*- ->0-
AD TENANTS KJKCTKD: $3. SMITH,
collector, 14 McAllister St.. rooms 10-11.
flr.9A 2814 LAGUNA:' HOUSE 6 ROOM S.
• ilt^U\ $16-1835 Union: corner; 4 rooms.
914— 1K3* Unlou: 4 rooms. ■
C ROOMS:. SS3b' SKCOND ST.: $15 PER
< O month. ■ Key at 539 second st. . .
7r KOOMS; 5378 SKCOND ST.; 917 PER
J I month. Key at 539 Second su
/{ mouth. NEW HOUSE;. MODERN IM-
- ROt>MS: NEW HOUSE: MODKRN IM-
\ 0 provements; 44 Federal si.; 15 per month to
\ desirable tenants. Key at 539 s-econdsu
N OOUSES TO KKNT FOR VKRY LITTLE
XX money at BAl>i>\yl.\ _ aAMMONO'4 lj
Jiontporjoerv to. .
FCRNISHED HOUSES.
a HOOMS; NICELY FURNISHED FLAT.
*± with or without housekeeping accommodations.
1023 Ellis su _______
.. COTTAGES TO LET.
$~~7~AND 99: COTTAGES; 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
tjj I good order. Apply on premises, 946. Bryant
It., or G. H. UMBSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery St.
SUN NY -COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS: BATH: BA-E-
-m»Dt; yardt rent cheap. Dolores and Fifteenth
«»ic NICE COTTAGE 5 RnOMi>: BATH:
OXO. ■ sunny: yard: cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
•. FLATS TO LET;
1 1 1 9 L.EAVENWORTH, SB. CALIFORNIA
XX I 0 —4 sunny basement rooms; rent $10; In-
cluding water. BEM
TVTfc'-W SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS: 3176
IN 25th, cor.Folsom. J. A. ULRICH.4I Crocker bl.
>% -1 /. LOWER FLAT: 4 ROOMS AND BATH. .
«JJ)ID. 1625 PinevU, above Van Ness aye.
_»Q' FLAT, 4 ROOMS 26 RITCJi ST., BET.
tjjjt/. Harrison and Foiaom.
ASH AYE., BET..LAGUNA AND BUCHANAN
A sts.: new fliat: 4 rooms and bath. Apply to
C 6. CAPP& CO., Heal Estate Agents, 415 Mont-
gomery sU . . . ■ .
n A.ND 7 BOOM ELEGANT FLATS; RE-
'"> diced from 925 to 916 and $18. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market st.
Tl/HY NOT BUY A HOME INSTEAD OF
'» payins; rent? Owing to hard times we will
; . 'tell 18 homes, say 9200 cash and balance same as
rent: price from $1600 up. bee SPECK <fc CO.,
602 Market st.
—300 VACANT FLATS AND MOUSES. J8
A— 300 VACANT FLATS AND HOUSES. «8
. to 92Q0; '-'0 new cnes now reaJy. BPKCK <t
• ■ CO., 6 J'i Alar_ei su
•I £wl qx MISSION* ST., NEAR ELEVENTH —
XiJXO'4 Bay-window flat: 6 large, sunny rooms;
_l bath; laundry: rent, if 22.
I TTANt>SOiIK, SUNNY, NEW, 4 ROOMS; ALL
T XX modern; cheap rent. 2927 Sacramento st,
' VICE SUN -V FLAT: 6^ KOOilS; RENT
IN cheap. 307 Pacific st.
"TIPPER AND LOWER FLATS; 6 ROOMS
and bath; yard; $18, 916. 12 sbotwell, near
fourteenth.
Cj-J 1 ' CLEAN FLAT: DOUBLE PARLORS;
Cli. bath. 41 Hermann st, junction Market
and. Valencia.
Cj-j "> " UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH; COR-
v? Xrt. uer. Apply Twenty-fourth and Florida ;
grocery.
7-1 o FRANKLIN— SUNNY FLAT, 8 ROOMS:
' J '■' a 1 i modern Improvements. Next to cor. of
Golden Gate aye.
ftlQ UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH.
OXO. 135 Fair Oaks, near Twenty-third.
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED FLAT IN THE
X-i sunrrv belt of the Mission; to a permanent,
respectable tenant: the rent will only be $20 per
month. Apply to K.NG & HOttNBLOWKR, at-
torneys- cor. Larlcin and McAllister sts.
<3«9fi BEAUTIFUL FLAT OF 6 ROOM*:
•_— "• bath and all conveniences. 625 Vallejo.
1 f?H9 BTE.INER— LOWER SUNNY FLAT
-IUV/-. of 6 rooms: modern Improvements.
"1 AflQ. CALIFORNIA, NEAK HYDE— NICE
J-ttUO satiny flat, 5 rooms and bath; rent 9^6.
SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE BOOMS AN BATH.
Inquire 1616 Jackson st.
fa ICE CORNER FLAT, 5 ROOMS BATH;
— > cheap. 7i!5 WeDster su, corner Fulton.
V"ICE FLAT OF 6 ROOMS; BATH AND MOD-
J-i era conveniences; reasonable rent. 421 Lyon
St., near Hayes.
Ol 7 DO«E— FLAT OK 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
OX 1 rent $9-
ffljTA FLAT 4 ROOMS, HALL, DOUBLE PAR-
*3r,i.U. lors; yard. 1606 1 btevenson at., near
Eighteen. b.
•VTW.COR. PACIFIC AND HYDE: NICE BUN-
-L\ ny flat; 7 rooms; bath; unfurnished.
LEGAN-T NEW SUNNY CORNER FLAT OF
Xi 7 rooms and bath; all modern improvements.
784 Halgbi su
4 -ROOM FLAT: FEDERAL PLACE. OFF FED-
eral, st.; to a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 639 becond st.
/ e»/». REAR COTTAGE: 8 ROOMS; NO CHIL-
A OU. REAR COTTAGE: 8 ROOMS; NO CHIL-
OD. dren 715Tehamast.
\ SUNNY 3-ROOM FLAT. THE MAYBELLE,
O '/02 Grove st., cor. Van Ness aye.
CHEAP MODERN FLATS, 6 AND 6
\J rooms, $8 to $16; see them. 623 Seventh st. ]
FLAT: 6 ROOMS AND BATH: SUNNY BELT;
X 915 per month; _610V_ Mission su Apply 844 j
* • Cappst.
$1Q AND $20: MODERN FLATS, & AND 6
, «5i.0 rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher su, near S. end
Flllmore.
Oil A LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 6 BOOMS.
JL *x. bath and gas. 2928 Nineteenth su, beu
Noeand kanchez.
• . -r?LATS TO KKXT FOR. VKRY LITTLK
' X* money at BALDWIN at HAALM.ONi/4 10
aionteomery su
• riHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
V WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
. L'nlted'States or Canada one year for 91 60, postp
' free. ■ ■ ■
.;..;■:• H.OUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
. . , Broadway,
- A r>Q BROADWAY — HOUSEKEEPING
"IIUO rooms, nicely furnished; also single rooms.
: ■ . Bryant Street.
c fli BRYANT. NhAR THIRD-SUNNY
Ol 1 front suite; $9 per month.
. •• , Eddy Street.
••■ 91 Q EDDY— 2 LARGE FURNISHED SUNNY
\ " :-iXO rooms for housekeeping. »14; also single,
. $*./-■•■■ ■ :
Cf\l EDDY— 2 HUNNV ROOMS: RUNNING
1.-DU.< water: complete; light housekeeping.
I % Ol 7 EDDY— FKONT, CONNECTING H"UBE-
V OKI keeping rooms; gas stove; private family;
A best loc aiion. ' '.\ _^
' .. • . % Ellis Street.
qqn" ELLis-a all rooms furnished
HG\J for keeping; in rear; cheap.
. *lltli street. . , : . - -
r-i FIFTH- LOWKR FLAT: PARLOR. BED-
OX room and kitchen; elegantly and completely
lurnlshed; $20. •
m FIFTH - PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
rooms toJeu ■
HOUSEKEEPING ' ROOMS — Cofttlnned.
1 ourth Street.
99K FOURTH-LARGE FURNISHED ROOM
— ,— »J suitable for light housekeeping.
Howard Street.
525 Howard-la"r^7e * roS *SS®* l
OZO complete tor housekeeping; reasonable.
1 A-ft TTOWARD ST —WELL-FURNISHED
070 fun^yfr^t.uueand^ltchen; bath; $15.
Hyde Street.
9QA HYDE-BACKTAB^ COMPLETE
ZoKJ lor housekeeping; rent 10 -
Kearny Street.
00 A KEARNY-»O"rTkOOMS. FURNISHED
230 for housekeepiDK; coal or gas stove.
~ JuurKin ftiree..
»r,t\ LARKIN-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
-4— U ny rooms for housekeeping, with grate,
running 'water; terms to suit the times.
lewis Street.
in LEWIS. OFF TAYLOR, NEAR POST—
ID $11 ; large furnished room and kitchen com-
plete; s:ove. ..
jilima .'tree..
"Ad MINNA — FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
04 D housekeeping.
Mission Street.
-1 f\nQ MISSION— CLEAN, CHEAP ROOMS,
XUOO with stoves, 96 and up; also bousekpg.
-1 999 mission— back and front par-
-1 -.— Jj lors; housekeeping; gas: stove.
Montgomery Street.
-: 97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
OZ. I until 9:3 o'clock; branch office of The
C li,; subscriptions and want ads taken.
_— _ _ _ _ _ __^ —— —^— — — — — —
>Htoma Street.
rrr NATOMA— 2 "SETS HOUSEKEEPING"
000 rooms; rent $8 and $10 per month.
(*(\X NATOMA— 2 OK 3 FURNISHED FRONT
DUO rooms lor housekeeping; hot water; single.
in 111 Street.
91 NINTH— BAY-WINDOW SUITE; FUR-
-51 nished for light housekeeping; stove: run-
ning water.
Pine Street.
TWO OR THREE NKWLY FURNISHED
rooms; gas; bath; In modern flat. 841 Pine su
MX. ill s reel.
mi sixth, COR. MINNA— OR 4 FINE
lit) sunny rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping, with use of piano.
Sutter Street.
709 SUTTER, NEAR JONES — NICELY
( O_i furnished rooms for housekeeping: cheap
rent.
Twentieth Street.
Q/"»99 TWENTIETH. N::aR VALENCIA-2
OU~.~ sunny rooms furnished for housekeeping.
Miscellaneous.-
TTiLEGANT RESIDENCE - THREE FUR-
XJ nished housekeeping rooms; one is a double
front room; in a fine neighoorhoid; $28. Inquire
from 12 to 1 p. it. or 5 to 6 P. m., room 202,
Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
ROOMS TO LET.
California Street.
FTIHE VICTORIA, NW. COR. CALIFORNIA
land Hyde— Newly furnished rooms: suite or
single; rents reasonable: dining-room to rent.
Clay Street.
3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS TO LET FOR
housekeeping; rent moderate. 1249 Clay at.
Eddy Street.
-19 EDDY— NEAT, SUNNY ROOM; RUN-
-1-LO ning water; lor gentlemen: $6 60
/I A EDDY- LARGE FRONT BaY-WINDOW
'Hi/room; large sunny back room; large clos-
ets. ■
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — IVCANDK"'-
XV cent lights In every room: readin?-room, con-
taining daiiy lai era: smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; open all ut?l.t; rooms per night. 35c to
91 60; week-, $2 to $8: month. $8 to $30; fire es-
capes: elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
cow ready :bot and cold water in each room; bat^s.
rPHE RAMON A, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KaTE S.
X HART, manager— a quiet hou-e: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot A cold water.
79 l ELLIS— SUNNY ROOM, SUITA-
-1 — 1 ble :or 1 or 2; real $7.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
Bt-, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Fifteenth Street.
-I £QC FIFTEENTH. CORNER VALENCIA—
1 \J'JO Sunny flat: 3 rooms; bath: new house.
■ oliom Street.
rrnoi FOLSOM, NEAR FOURTH— NICELY
I 002 furnished sunny double and single rooms;
every convenience.
. ; . Fulton Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE), OPP. CITY
Hall— Elegant suites; singles; transient.
- L' j Otarv Street.
AO(\ Wary— large sunny FRONT AL.
4— cove suite; other sunny rooms; running
water. . -. ;
'i Q GEARY— sUNNY BACK PARLOK: USE
01 0 of piano; running water; other rooms;
board.
£A 9 GEARY. NEAR JONES— LARGE FUR-
OU- nished room; $7; private family.
TJ A GEARY— ELEGANT ROOMS; NICELY
1 I "i furnished; rent reasonable.
QAI GEAKY — ELEGANT BAY-WINDOW
OUX rooms suitable for gentlemen; mantel;
central: reasonable; ha dsome new corner gat-
Hickory Avenue.
IQR HICKOKY AYE.— 3 NICE ROOMS;
XOO hall: yard; water; r nt 99.
Howard Street.
QOQ HOWARD CORNER SIXTH— NICELY
>>Qo lurniftbed suites, 93 60 a week: single beds,
91 16 to $1 60; double, 91 60 to $2 60 a week.
Hyde Street.
7 HYDE— ROOMS TO RENT; FUR-
I nlsbed or unfurnished.
Oesske Street.
C9l 1 JESSIE, NEAR SEVEN TH-4 ROOMS;
O^Xg rent 99. ■ '
Jones Street.
907 JONEB-THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
— v I management; elegant sunny unites and
single: newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to s3o.
Kearny Street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY. —
-£X Pleasant rooms, en suite and single; first
class In ever.- respect; teran reasonable.
VtWAVtMEHUI'SK, 904 KEaRNV ST.,
J.l corner Jackson— single rooms 16, 20, 25. 50
cents per night; special rates per week or month.
l-Hrktn Street.
Q97 LARKIN, CORNER GOLDEN GATE
"* JI Pleasant furnished or unfurnished
sunny rcoms.
Leavenwonn street.
101 LEAVEN WORTH"- FUKNIBHKD OB
J.V/X unfurnished room: separate en. rence,
Lily A venue. . '
TOO LILY AVK - NICELY FURNISHED
XOO front single room: cheap.
.Market Street.
-V 7 OBEMITK HOUSE. IO4J MARKET - TEH
I nigtiu 350 to $1; weclc 81 60 10 $5: Jamlllia.
Minna Street.
I#\-I MINNA, NR. SECOND- FOR RENT
X\JX gome nice sunny front rooms in private
house; rent reasonable. "
AOI MINNA. BET. FIFTH AND BIXTH-
*±OI Nicely furnished front rooms, 96 a month
and up: hot and cold water bat *
CiUI MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— EWLY FUR-
-00 i nished bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
Mission . Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION; SELECT
family rooming-house; $1 60 to 96 per week.
O'Farrell Street.
79 A O'FARRELL. - NICELY FURNISHED
1 — '7 parlors: also single: grate; «as; bath.
'■ 1 oik Street.
1 9fi.F>. POLK,. NEAR STTTTER — NICELY
X£.\JO furnished front room; terms reasonable.
Post Street.
7I Q POST-2 FURNIBHED SrNNY CON-
-4 JO nectin< rooms: terms reasonable.
71 C POST (UPSTAIKS)-2 FRONT ROOMS;
4 10 furnished; reasonable: permanent panics.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued,
rowel. Street.
"I 90 POWELL. CORNER O'FARRELL— FUR-
-I —O nisbed suite with folding doors: also single.
ILLISFORD — 212-214 POWELL— NEWLY
"» furnished rooms. ...
.OOC POWELL. CORNER GEARY— NICELY
_ — inrnlshed large sunny corner room. .
second Street,.
07 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE: ELEGANT
0 I furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
Sixth Street. .
"I Ql SIXTH-CHEAPEST FRONT SUITE IN
X.09 city; also other sunny rooms.
QQ SIXTH — QUIKT SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; <U1 conveniences; fireproof building.
-1 9?: SIXTH — CHEAP; NICELY FUR-
xZdO nisbed double and single sunny front rooms.
RUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH- OPEN
X> a.i uight rcoms: 26c to $1 per night, $1 26 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, manager.
seventh Street.
I AC) SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELK-
Ii- gant turn, suites, kitchen; also single rooms
block ton Street.
mHE EUROPEAN. 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
X nlsbed rooms, en suite or single; hot. cold water
in every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
1 11 « STOCKTON - NEWLY -FURNISHED
J.'txD rooms; also 2 for offices; in a new hov e.
Sutter Street. ■ ; .
r A A SUTTER. COR. POWELL— SUNNY FUR-
tIUU nished or unfurnished rooms. Tel. main
6376.
Taylor Street.
inn TAYLOR — NICE SUNNY DOUBLE
±\JU rooms; 91 75 to $2 50 week.
leliaxna Street.'
QAQ TEH A MA, NEAR FOURTH— NICELY
OUO furnished sunny rooms: rent cheap.
Tenth Street.
■I 1 7 TENTH-FURNISHED ROOMS TO LET.
1 Third Street.
1 ACI THIRD-LARGE, ELEGANTLY FUR-
XUD» nished rooms, with fireplace; block from
Palace Hotel.
Valenci-« Street ■ '
Cl f\ VALENCIA - NICELY . FURNISHED
Oil/ rooms; single or en suite; reasonable.
miscellaneous.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of The Call, Subscriptions and
want ads takt-n. * .
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
THE MENTONE, POWELL. COR. sXcßA-
meuto— Pleasant sunny rooms; modefn con-
veniences: choice tab.c: bay v.ew; homelUe
place;, references.
Oftl LEAVENWOKTH — s-TJNNY CORNER:
OUI suites, single;^excellent table; rates mod.
r Art EDDY. COR HYDE-SUNNY SINGLE
t)ull room, with or without board; terms mod.
BOARD ?15: ROOM TO SUIT: HUST CLASS;
central. Address box D-, Call c fflce.
r- 9 -"PINK (KESOV A ) — NKWLY FUR-
i —.') nitht-d sui.fj and single rooms; service
strictly first class; references.
A 07 GEARY-2 NKWLY FURNISHED SUN-
Ii) I ny suites, with boara; turns moderate,
997 GfcARY-MCKLY FURNISHED ROOMS.
— .— . I suite or single; first- class dining-room; good
table: excelleut service.
A A SIXTH ST.-THE MANCHESTER; ELE-
'di gant furnished sunny rooms; fine table board.
A-] 9 EDDY— LOVELY SUNNY PARLORS
i l±£ and other rooms, with board; 920 up,
\l'C\ BRYANT— FURNI^HIiD FIiONTROOM
TtDU with or without board.
-: (\t\ KDD"V — 'INGLE ROOM. SUITABLE
i)UU for young man, with board; other rooms.
QAQ VAN NKS* AYE -ELEGANT RUNNY
OUO rooms, en suite or single: excellent table.
HOTEL B»:RTLING, 714 B'SH— A FAMILY
hotel: reference*: all modern conveniences.
I illl.l)t;i.> BOARDED.
MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW- WOULD LIKE TO :
take an Infant 10 rear. Address A. W., box
45, Call Office. r *r '
STORES. TO LKT. \
C 99 SIXTH-STORE, 3 ROOMS, , i.AKGE
xJjL—. yard: rear entrance; rent reasonable.
■VTORTHEABT CORNER PACIFIC AND SAN -
J-\ some sis. ; handsome large comer store; cheap.
TORE WITH FIXTURES; LIVING-ROOMS
and cellar. 3562 Twenty-third su, next to cor-
ner Guerrero.
fflj9" STORE, 3 ROOMS. LIGHT CELLAR.
<£)— iO. 1128 Howard St., near Seventh.
Aid FOURTH-SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
IX U in rear: low renu Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery st.
BAHBEK-SHOP, WITH BATHS; F.STAB-
X) lished 16 yean; $18 per month; key at 639
Second st.
1 arpenter-ihop; 97 per month. 6 Le Boom st.;
key at 539 Se< ond «U
P umblng-sbop; $3 per month. 8 DeEoomsU;
key at 639 >econd st.
Corner sore, 631 second St.; $14 per month;
key at 639 second sU
T LOW RENT— PART OK STORK AND
ba-em»nt. 324 Png°. St.
OFFICES to let.
At) lf SUTTEK-HANDHOMELYFURNISHrD
'1 £i\J light 1 arlors and offlups for physicians or
dentists; central; reasonable, appreciated if seen.
4R OMS; BF.I OND FLOOR; SUITABLE FOR
ofßcet. Inquire at 6*4 Market sit. • - • - E»?M
HORSES. .
HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS,
ivJ buggies, carts, harness; rand Arrade Horse
Market, 827 Sixth st,: auction sates every Wed-
nesday. bULLIVAN <& DOt LE. Auctioneers.
mHK EMPORIUM e-ALES YARDS, 2\« VA.
1 lencia St., Is the place to go It you want 1 V bur-
tell or exchange corses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturdar at 11 o'clock.
c A HEAD OF HORSES. SUIT ABLE FOR ANY
OK) business from 900 to 1600 pounds. O.d Turk-
Bt. car stables, 1801 Turk; must be sold. . ..'■,./..,
E/i|| BKT NEW AND bKCOND-HANU HAO-
«JUU ness: all kinds: buggy, wagon, carts, surra?
&rockawar: 40 cheap horses. 15tta and . Valencia.
rf\ HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
OU weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard St.
\ FOR SAtE-MISCELIiANEOUS.
FOR SALE— A COMBINATION BILLIARD-
tabIe, complete in first-class order: price 9130,
cost $360 Apply room 120, Pbelan bnllaing
FINE GAS RANGE FOR SALE. 607 POLK
street. '
ON KEY, GENTLE AND KIND; WILL SELL
cheap. A. F., box 74, Call Office.
T7*lN£ GOKDON 8-fa.TTErI DOU, 8 MOS. OLD.
X I FREDERICKS Express, Sutter and Sansome.
A MATEUR FONTS OF IYPK AND CASES,
I\. 60 cents. 8 Montgomery aye.. room 14.
mHO HOUGH BRKU SCOTCH COLLIE AND
X fox terrier pups for sale; pedigree given. Ad-
dress Pups box 66. Call Office.
l/RKSH MILCH COW; HALF JERSEY.
JO 2809% California st. . 
"IVTEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
IN W. 8. RAY MFO. CO., 12 California st.
I>OILERS.ENOINES,-'D-HANI> MACHINERY
X> water-pipes. : Mclntosh <t Wolpman, 137 Beaie. ,
;,AKS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
-1 I cases, counters, linoleum, office -i furniture,
store and office 'furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-
Mission si- , above Sixth. >'. "":=;.
BARS, SCALES. ' MIRROR*. FRENCH
ranges, etc., bought, sold. IvifcEK, 1118 Mission.
VTATIONAL CASH RKMXSTKB, GOOD OR-
Xi der; also large folding-door safe. | 8 Mission st.
/COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
\J stand desk, money till, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
, ARM, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. SHELV-
-1 ing, etc., Lougbtand sold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
ONK SMALL MKDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
ftre and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market st.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. BOLD. EXCHANGED,
rented .repaired: lowest rates. 206 Fourth ss.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS. •
JOHN K. RICHARDS, LA W OFFICES. KOOIH
26 and • 27, Crocker buildiu*; , itiepnone Maiu .
75, ban Francisco. Cat. :^OBBBEGHR_EBBSBBH
TOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
O any* at law, rms 51&, 6 16, 6tU floor, Parrot l ulcU '
EDUCATION v
SPANISH.FKENCH.Etc.: Prof. DeFI LIPPED
O Academy of Languages, 820 Postst;estab'd 1871
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
Xj and School of Instruction (incorporated);
PKA< TTCA«. and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc SPJSC/AL
ATTENTION, given to caieful a, say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farreii at.: elevator.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1216 Ociavla st., San Franciscu,
MISS ELIZA MA> KINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and eradu ite
of the school of Oratory, Philudfipb.a, Pa.,
teacher. Office days, Tuurs. and Sat. p. x. -
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering: 20 teachers; 16,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
YRES', THE LEADING COLLEGE. 325
Montgomery St.; individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
lite scholarship $30: low rates per week and mo.
■[^LOCUTION AND DRAMA; I ELSARTE
Xlt thoroughly taught; appearances arranged; 1 to
Bt.ii. OLiVE HOFF-SCHROi.DEK,299Hydest.
T>KLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
XJ Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
00 stage. K. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mku
TJOOKKEEPINIi THOROUGHLY IN (jWiBKS
-LI or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARK, room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market su ; students trained; office
1 situations secured; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
"C-NGINEEKING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELKU,
XU civil, mining, survey, assay, archiu, X ray
laugh( 1 ;e5.1864. VAN DER NAILLKN.723 Mkt
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 I 'a 1.1, taken at branch office, 338 Hayes m.;
open until 9:30 o'clock.
INOING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DANO-
ing, voice, pantomime, staze. 814 Geary su
BANJO, PIANO, MANDOLIV AND GUITAR
thoroughly tangbt; lessons 50c. -125 Tenth sU
OIUE, DRAMA. ORATORY: PRIVATE AND
class. Prof.RO*>, Donohoe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to 8.
pF.OF. L. KANKIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
1 mandola;terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr.Powell
GUITAR, MANDOLIN, PiANu ANU VUCaL
VJT lessons, %'i mo. Mary Westhaus, 89 Fifth.
OOOKKPNG. WHITNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
1 1 day <t night : nocla<»<»«: $5 month. 845 Mission.
' MEDICAL.
A SURE. SAFE AND SPEED CURE FOR
all female diseases; ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. A home in confinement
with b st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Thosn who are sick or
discouraged should cull on the doc tor and state their
case. All coiisiiltattO'i free and confidential, Sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great world-ienowed rem-
edy for home treatment. MRS. DR. oWYER,
226 Turk su
R. J. H. josselyn. the great special-
-Ist, still offers his valuable services to h • un-
fortunate. WUh a mind matured und enriched by
studies of an advanced' order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human Ills he cannot
treat to a pe. feet cure. Ladles, he Is always ready
to assist you. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
toyourdellc organism Is berond his sura con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure aud
safe In their effects. H s tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost mauhood are never-falling In their
action, and are warranted tor both yocn-; and old. 1
He exces all others i cure of private diseases.
Over 60 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 9U6
Market su Call or w/ite direct to 91)8 Market St.,
rooms 11 and 12.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never falls in any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; 110 elec ricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded If a cure Is not effected; travelers j
helped immediately; years' experience; home in
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the en reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. I>AVIKS, 14 McAilis.er next Hibernia
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 6 and 7 to 8 P. m.
AVKOCKSS THAT NEVKR .FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable; firsi-claas private
home for confinement. Mils. *;».. l<A*.tiV, U.j
Market su, over the Owl Drug More.
ANEW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE, INsrRtJ.
merit or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all Jemale troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always la one day ;caa be
sent and used at home; a 1 cases guarauteed : do
not trust . Incompetent female physic ans. DR.
POPPKK, the we.l-Known pioneer, ;tIH Kearny st,
DR. FOUI.KT'S FRENCH CAPSULES- A
guaranteed absolute cura for all female dis-
eases (no ma. ter what cause): positively safe and
sure: no danger or after effects: taken in time It
also acts as a preventive: price $1 60 per box;
sent free by mall on receipt ut price. WaLLKU
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
DR. AND MRS. WEOENER. 626 EDDY ST.;
lirlvhti" home with every comfort; separati
rooms before and during confinement: a.l female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for travelers: best Care; terms moder-
ate; consultation fre ; pills 92.
DKS. GOODWIN. . SPECIALIST: LADIES, 1
near or far, safe, <ju ck cure guaranteed; any
disease or complaint; bom)' for patients; best skill;
free diagnosis; low fees; set cure. 401 Van Ness
aye., flat D.
T ADIES, CHICHESTER'B ENGLISHPENNY-
JJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable': take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars. '•Relief tor Ladies," in letter by return mall;
at druggist's. Chichester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia
ALL CASKS OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored In a few hours: safety assured at any
time; Instant relief for travelers, home in confine-
ment: consult free; confidential; hours. 30 06.
J MRS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post su, near Larkin.
"A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
A ladles with female troubles: no danger; sate
and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't deiay until
too late. O-GOOI* BROS., Oakland, Cul.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dli. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1061 MarKet st. : his 30 yean 1
successful practice Is a guarantee 'of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. ' "
$K(\(\ PAID FOR A CASE I FAIL TO CURE
tj"). I UU of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MKts. DH. 8C0T1,3^5 Geary
TVTICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
-L\ at the most reasonable price In the city. . illl.-s
M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Foisom su
U PRAK's FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient eromena-oeue: $1 per box.
RlCHARDS<fcCO.,druggists, 406 Clay st.,sole agts,
SF. LYING-IN (PRIVAT. ) HOMK; DIS
. eases of women and children. 236 Kearny, r. 9.
HOME. A *'KIE ND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Klghth sU, Alameda,
1 V IRREGULAR OR ANY FKMALK Ul-EASE
Isee MRS.DX. PUETZ and be contenU HbH/.j 4th.'
1 R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NKAii
U . Jones. Diseases of women and children.
•■« vVEiiK'B NEWS FOR & CENTS—
A WEEKLY CALL, in wraDDer. tor mailing.
LOST.
I OBT-A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEItNIA
Ju 'Savings and Loan Society of tan Francisco, in
the name of THOMAS or JENNIE, O'DO.NNKLL,
No. 175288. The finder will please return to bank.
ONDAYj LADY'S GOLD HUNTI.\G-CASE
watch, chatelaine and charm; reward. 716y 3
Te ama st •
1 OST— LADY'S GOLD ENAMKLED CHARM,
JJ set with one good-sized diamond. Finder will
be rewarded by retur lan same to room 92, Chron-
icle building, care of JAMES C Juuua.N. -. ■.
I- OST— OAKLAND, ON PIEDMONT CARS
I • or Hillside aye., a lace baudkeruhief. Return
to drugstore under Grand Hotel and receive re-
ward. ,- • . ;•■. ■■" '^-Zf'ii^v ■ ' "
RANCH OFFICE OFTHE CALL. 167 NINTH
X> Mb! want ad-, and subscriptions taken. .
FOUND.
Tj-OUND— ONE MARE AND COLT. APPLY
X 15 Laidley su ■
I AKGE BLACK DOG; CURLY HAIR. FOR
J j farther Information. 200 Golden Gate aye. . ,
■A^- ATIOENEIS-AT-LAW. • -•
A DVICK FREE; DIVOKCE LAWS A SPKC-
laity ; private; no fee without success: probate,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages. etc.; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
O. W. HOWE, 860 Market st, corner Stockton sU
A DVICK FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS BUC-
ix cessful. J. G. JE FFRKSS, 632 Market, rm.23.
RW. KING, CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL-
. Union free: probate; all cases; fees low. •
ADVICF FRKK; NO CHARGE UNLESS SCJO-
cessfui. IW. W. DAVIDSON 927 Market si.
.••.>;• •-.■■,' •■■■■•:■ - BICYCLES. V
MUST SELL AT A SACK FICE-LADY'S
, bicycle; almost new. 325y 2 Bush st., rm. 20.
EN HURS, BRAND NEW, *45; BARGAINS
In second-band v. wheels. DaVis BROS.,
cycle department, -6 Ge-ry st. -■.-■- ... ;
STORAGE. j
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FlRK-
proof, building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
CITY RE AX ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,' '
• REAI, ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES. GREAT BARGAINS.
' . . . ■ — — — —
TAKB ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
X purchases, get a lot cheaper than you ever will
again.
4: I rtrt $150 TO $300: BUILDING LOTS:
t©IUU. no grading; near la lsslon-sU and Hs.n
Mateo electric car lines; <Tnly $5 monthly.
$7?: $100. *150 to $«00; CHOICEST.LOTS
tjp It), south of the park; ' near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stand and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly installments. '
m.iitA TO $1100: RICHMOND LOTS; WE
fjpZiOXJ can positively sui. you In location, price
and terms.
- Call on us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams.
SOL. GETZ A BROTHER,
Room A, first Moor, Crocker building.
C£Q7F: LOTS ON 25TH AYE., NEAR
rjpOlt). Clement si.; terms $50 cash. $10
monthly: a few left. Oil at once for parlrulars.
BALDWIN <& HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
PARK LOT-\
$2J5.
$2o CASH.
$10 MONTHLY.
We have just subdivided the block bounded by
10th and 11. h avts., N and O sis.; prices $25
epch for Inside lots and $350 for corners; terms
$25 cash, 910 monthly: title perfect; near the
Affiliated Colieeet>; bound to advance in value;
buy a. ot and put aside $10 a month; it will pay
you well. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
- 10 Moutgomery st.
riHANCE TO GET A CHEAP AND Dr.SIRA-
\J ble lot for a home at the Mission will be offered
to-day at YON RHEIN & CO.'s auction; go and
get one.
<m I /■m WILL BUILD A FIRST-CLASS 6-
»Jp 1 UtJl/ room and basement cott ge; i.orcelain
bath; wood mantels; brick ouniation, etc., com-
plete. $1450 for 6-room cottage. Call and see
plans, specifications, etc.; same submitted for any
kind of building. \\ . W. REDNALL, buluer,
2312 Market St.. near 14th. .
fit A (\C\C\ * - $4000. • $4000.
tJpTUL'U. On ea?tr terms; $500 cash, taiance
monthly installments; new 2-story modern home
of 6 rooms and bath; California st., near 6th aye.
Owner on premises or >nly to SHAINWAID,
BUCK BEE & CO., 218-220 Montgomery St., Mills
building.
T>ARGAIN.
1j Must be sold— 2 large bouses, renting for $60
Must be sold—2 large houses, renting for $60
per month: double lot, 50x80; on the north line
of Brannan st., bet. Ist and 2d: cheapest property
-on the market. For price and terms, apply to
MADISON <fc BURKE, 626 Market st.
•TOR SALE UN EASY TERMS-MODERN
-T houses on Masonic aye. and. Waller St.; housei
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated: sun in every room;
see them to-day. Take Maight or Ellis street car,
t,el off at Masonic aye.; ownerton premises.
CMrtnn FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE. .
tJp^xV/UW. New cottage on 23d aye» East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; brick
touudatiou; Lay windows; lot 52x100.
;\"-v'V;y- O. U. UMBSEN A CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
tV WEEKLY CALL. in wraDDer. for maillntc
MONEY TO LOAN.
42QrWl l\(\f\ AT H1 /2 PER cent on city
«lpOvlLf.''UV/ real estate: also Oakland, estate*,,
life Insurance, second mortgagee any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 .Mills building, ground floor. |
PKIVATK AND RESPKCTABLE, WITH
very light interest, la the secret of our success.
<. nt-rate . oan Office, Flood building, room 7, en-
trance *09 Market st.
IGHLY P.EsPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
HIGHLY HEsPKCTABLK AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most 1 beral advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Sture, 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate hi pro-
bate: furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO.
no removal; no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, I>onoliu<* bide. 1170 Market 3:.
ffljOOX l\(\<\ AT BANK KATE-: IST AND
tZ)O£O.\J\J\J 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as $50. H. MIKPHV, 628 -Market st.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON !-MALL LOANS?
'T c loan at 55c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Cull.
OS FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
VJ no commission. BCRIBXER, 7 City Hall aye.
PIV'AIK PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
security -Jow interest. H.D., box 160, Cu1l Office.
Mu.NEY TO LOAN ON KEAL KBTATE; ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine St., room 3.
(Tj-rv '1O $60,000; lOWhsl 1 KA'l'K: .1.-T <fe 2U
>^O\J mortgage; nat or lnstlmnt. Dry den, 535 Cal.
DVA NCES ON DIAMONDS. JKWKLBY.KTU
Columbia Loan it 1 oliateral Office. 9 "rant avo.
PAWSBROKEKS.
A DVANCESONDIAMOXDS.JEWELRY. SIL-
A verware, pianos :low rates. Nhtl. Loan, lSHlaylor
HIGHEST PRICE PAID I'UK CAST OF?
rlnthln«. < n«n-npn ffn>i 'nun OfftC". 49 Third.
*iXA>'C!AL. .
BANKBOOKS CA . SAVINGS AND LOAN— I
X> will boy. - B. 70 916 Market St., S. F.
MUSICAI. INSTRUMENTS.
ARE YOU CONTEMPLATING THE PUR-
chase of a piano? if so our warerooms con.aia
the most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains for casn, insta lmen'.s or rent
contract plan: we are selling some pianos for S3,
$4 an i $5 per month: beautiful new uprights lor
$6, $7, $*, $9 and $10 per month: no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts ail
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for a Stelnway any
time within 8 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., repre-
sentatives of Stele way A Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and Suiter at s., San Francisco; also Oakland,
Cal.; Portland. Or.: Seattle, wash.
\\r E HAVE BECURED THE AGENCY OF
« ' the wonderful Ivers A Pond .pianos, a specially
(elected stock; all styles, uprights and grands;
just received; it is Impossible to make a better
piano: absolutely without a weak point: sole
agents for Ivers A Pond, Lindeman, Connor,
Muehlfeld. Haynes and Singer pianos. J. T.
BOWERS & SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
A CTUALLY THE BKtJT BARGAINS IN
A pianos; see our Ist for this week; pianos on
$3. $4, $5, $b. $7. $8. $9, $10, $15. $20 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover with each: deliv-
ered free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by
expert concert tuners. The F. W. SPEMCKR CO.
Salesrooms, 933 Market St., opp. Mason. • . '
A BBOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
-A. house west of Chicago is KOHLER A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 80 O*Farreli st.: pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and price*: terms easy: prices lowest:
everything possible cone 10 please hud butisiy me
customer.- ::; x. • .
AINES. BUSH A GERTS AND KNABE Pl-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights. $135: organs, $35. W. C HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post st.
A LMOST NEW . WEBER PIANO, $200,
Jt\. cheap; Steinway, good condition, .*175: fine
organ, cheap. THE J. DEWING COMPANY,
second floor. Flood building; elegant display of
fine Hardman uprights. '
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALE — MUST SELL,
A. pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
ins ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market, r, ?
GOOD UPRIGHTS $126, *150 AND $175:
square $65: call soon. MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY, 769 Market si. .
W| G. BADGER. SOLE A»-ENT FOR HALLE 1'
I .<& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 Sacto.
ffl.nA A GOOD 7-OCTAVE UPRIGHT; FINE
t|p O\J. condition: $slnstallmts.22lLeaven worth.
AKG AIN — FINE . CHICKERING 9100.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister next Hibernla Bunk.
■&» I f\{\ A WALNUT UPRIGHT, STOOL,
(J)lUu. scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house, 228 Post.
SHAW, STEIN WAY 9250, CHICKERINQ
$18B;great bargains; s4 mo. HEINE, I36 EL'ls.
-1/TAGNIFICENT STEINWAY UPRIGHT AND
IVI Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Neu
YRON MA CZ Y. 308 * POST « ST.— SOHMKK,
Kewby & Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
OUPERIOP. VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLD& NEW
O H. MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
V WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, poet-
ace free. .' . o : . (•. •■ ■'•.<'.■"-. . : /,;.. ;: ■
LEGAL NOTICES.
■\TOTICE TO CREDITORS —'ESTATE OF
ll GEORGE W. CwRN WELL, deceased. No-
tice is hereby given by the undersigned, adminis-
tratrix of the estate of ; GEOKUfc. W. C RN-
WELL, aeceasrd, to the creditors of and all per-
sons having claims against the said deceased, to
> exhibit them with the necessary vouchers, within
four months after the first publication of this no-
-1 tice '- to -the said admlnts ratrix, at • the ■ office
of E. M. MORGAN, - attorney-at-law, , rooms ■33
and 38, 14 Sansome • street, Sao Francisco, the
same being her place lor the transaction of the
business 01 the said estate in tbo City and County
of San Francisco, state of California •■■
V FKLICIA .F. CORNWELL," administratrix of
the estate of GEORGE W. CORN Wr.LL, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, January 10, 1897.
■ ■■-'. - ■ '- . : - .■ ■ ■ ■ " - ' -.'.■'.-■-. ; ."^- ■; ■'.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
mHJS PROBLEM SOLVED.
: PROFITABLE FARMING.
CHEAP TRANSPORTATION.
ONLY 20 MILES FROM STOCKTON.
HEALTHFUL CLIMATE.
/ DELIGHTFUL HOMES.
GOOD CROPS, WITH OR WITHOUT IRRI-
; " V- : GATION.
Q9H ACRES ON SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY
O£.\J Railroad, near Escalon. . San Joaquin
County, Cal.; under Stanlsiaui canal; level and
fertile; suitable to alfalfa, su^ar beets, grain, fruit
(including oranges), vegetaoles, etc . . , '
PRICE ONLY 40 PER ACRE.
A COLONY,
MAY UTILIZE THIS SEASON.
Persons desiring to join one, by buying for cash
or in exchange for city property, should apply at
once, and
For farther particulars address
McAFEE BROS.,
Real Estate Brokersand Financial Agents,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
A LFALFA LANDS TO LEASE FORA TERM
-V. of years; level, fertile loam, under canal;
near Escalon, San Joaquin County, Cal., by?
MoAFEE BKOTHEK3,
108 Montgomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
yiNE SUMMER RESORT: 20 ACRES ROLL-
F ing land, with 10-room modern house, good
barn, we I, w.ndmitl and tank: fine family or-
chard; magnlflceiit view of valiey and bay; 2
miles from town: price, ¥5300. Call on or ad-
dress P. WILBEKT, Hay ward, Cal.
WHY PAY CASH FOR LAND WHEN YOU
can buy it without, and earn it from the prod-
ucts of the land ?-.
At a value of $20 per acre we have 160 acres y%
a mile from railroad and 84 of a mile from New
England Mills Station, and also 160 acres at Rock-
lin, Placer County, 'these are all good tillable
lands and are adapted for the production of the
finest wine grapes. No payments down, but pur-
chasers r> quired t > improve properties: interest)
from date of purchase, payable annually in ad-
vance: payments on the purchase money to com-
mence 4 yenrs from date, payable in annual pay-
ments, to' be increased each year as the places are
improved.
Also colony land— A tract of 3200 acres in Te-
bama Couity hes been surveyed Into 40-acre lots
and will be sold at $16 to $zO per acre en terms of
1-5 down, the Balance 10 be paid in ten annual In-
all men. at 5 per cent on deferred payments- If
any one shoul wish to purchase the whole of this
tract it will be sold for a small payment down on
the purchase price. '.-'.:: : •.; ■ '
These three properties were taken in on mort-
gazes, consequently are sold for half their former
value.
EDWIN K. ALSiP &. CO., room 29, second floor,
Mills building. - .
<& 1 - i\f\l\ 14 ACRES NBAR BELMONT:
(J!li)/'UU. splendid house of 12 rooms, all
completely furnished; every modern convenience;
4 acres bearing orchard: good barn aid outbuild-
ings: will take half in outside lands, balance easy
terms. . :."v r "
pHOICE LANDS AT SAN MATEO, MENLO.
\J .Mountain View', Santa Clara and san Jose; we
make a specialty of Santa Clara Valley lands.
iSHAINWALD, BUCKBEE * CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st.. Mills building.
PANCH BARGAIN; *5 PER ACRE; 1280
It acres timber; plenty water; excellent stock
ranch : best part of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call Office.
\\T ANTED— TO RENT A SMALL IMPROVED
»» farm near enough to city to permit of daily
attention to business: state particular*. Address
M., box 77, this office. *
BARGAIN*. GOOD HOME, $1200; 154 ACRES;
best part of Monterey; poo. i house, barn, pure
water; cultivated to wheat; portion of crop to go
with ranch. D., box 91, Call.
AT SACRIFICE; 6-RuOM COTI'AGE; HARD
iL finish; bath; hot and cold water; sewered;
8-:oot basement; lot 50x150; mnst sell Immedi-
ately; part payment accepted, or will rent by the
year. Box 261, Hay wards, CaL
T7<LEGANT VINEYARD; WOULD EX-
J-J change: rare bargain. Km. 70, Columbia bleu.
WA -TKD —IN EXCHANGE FOR CITY
»» lodging-house clearing $200, improved conn-
try property; will pay part cash. bPKCK & CO.,
6 »2 Market st,
T 11 IIE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
J j proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 -years' credit. D. H. TWIN O. So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
BARGAIN— 25 ACRKS CHOICK FRUIT,
hay, grain, < winter veuetar/es. $25 per acre;
83 acres rich soli, 4 flowing springs 9 5 p>r acre;
18 acres, running water all the year soil very pro-
ductive, all fenced, ?40 per acre, near Pleasamon,
Alameda County, call or write, 57 Chronicle
building.
SKND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
O California laiial for sale Dy H. FRANCIS, '<
■rooms 69-71 Chronicle building. *an Fran- Isco, cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
G»Or r\f\ CASH, WORTH $4000; NEAR LO-
-0 — •>\)\J cal; 8 rooms and bath: West Oakland;
also bargain fur $2000, renting for $30 per month.
Central Oakland. WM. P. TODD, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
I'VE BEKN 1 OLD SO, BUT WOULD LIKE TO
1 investigate for myself— A handsome 5-room,
h gh-basement cottage, with bath, closets, pantry;
hard finished: very modern; fine lot, and all com-
plete for $950: terms to suit your earnings; choice
lots a:so can be had for $75 and upward; streets
all graded; electric roads near and tine school-
house: Allendale Tract, in Fruitvale, adjoining
East Oakland: climate, soil and view unexcel.ed;
conveyance free. 459 Ninth St., Oakland, H. Z.
JuN 1 owner.
S7^TO *160 FOR CHOICK BUILDING
I O lots in the town of jTitchbnrg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay wards
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 46 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
«v minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. KUNKLK, owner, iUSy 3 Wagnlngwa su,
Oakland. Cal.
«£ 1 ?.n LOTS NBAR THE ALTENHEIM IX
«*P i«JU. Fruitvale; electric cars; only SI down
and $1 a ween; selling . fast: pood improvements.
H. B. PI NN KY owner. 802 Broad war. Oakland.
ILAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
" AXiABIKDA KJiAt FSTATH.
hEAUTIFUL SUBURBAN HOME, SAN JOSE
J> aye., . near Grand st.: bouse, 10 rooms and
bath: 2 years o:d: price $7000: or will exchange
for San Francisco. EASTON, ELDKJDGK COM-
PANY, 638 Market st. . ' ,
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
■VTEW 5-B.OOM COTTAGE; MANTEL, BATH,
i-\ pantry, laundry, hot and cold water, stable,
click' n-house; fenced; sewered: -2 blocks from
station: lot 40x100; $1500. W. C MORAN,
Lorin, or F. BOKGLE, Golden Gate.
© 1 £flfl HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS; LOT 45x
<Jp 1 DUU. 125; street work done: five minutes'
walk to station. JOSEPH J. MASON, Berkeley
station. ■ ■ -;■■:■.■■■ '■ ' .:---■;,-..
.^; PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
©17 f\f\f\ HOUSE OF 16 ROOMS ON 60-
-tjfr I • .UUU. vara lot, San Francisco, to ex-
change for ranch in the bay counties; very desir-
able property. ' GEO. W. HaIGHT, 220 Sansome.
£(\ HOUSES • AND  LOTS, FHOM $200 TO
O\J f 28.000: 100 ranches, everywhere.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
SEND FOR OUK LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 forsalfi. W(>O«TK'l <fe WHITTIIS. San Jose.
DENTISTS.
"CURST-CLASS DKNTISTRY; CHEAP; PA\-
-1 able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th and Mission.
<2j7 FULL SET OF I>.KTH WORTH $15:
«? I . warranted 6 years: extraction free: fillings
60a : Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st. '. ■
POSITIVELY PA IN LESS EXTRACTION,
JT DR. HARDING, 500 Sutter: tel. main 6376.
CHALfANT * CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell; bridgework a specialty.
pULTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 808 iIAK-
V ket st. • DR. CHARLES W. DECKER, : •
Q»7 A SKT IOK TKHTH- WARRANTED AS
«3> I - good as can be made: filling 91 :DR HIMMA
dentist, 930 Market st, next Baldwin Theater.: ; j
PAINLESS " KXTKACIION, 60c: CROWN
X bridge work a special plates $6 up: IS yean'
experience.; R. L. WALSH. D.D.S., 815&4 Geary.
T\SL LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST, Na
XJ Eleventh; .no . charge for - extracting - when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. .
ET OF TEEIH WITnuUT A fUTK DU.
H. a Young, 1841 Folk st. ;.
DU. J. J. Lk.Kti.VM6 MARKET. COX. GOLDEN
Gate aye. ; open evenines; Sundays till noon,
pROOME DENTAi. ASSOCIATION, 769 MAK-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; - gas .specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1 : • plates.' $6 up: fill, SI up.
K. UJiOKUK W. LEEK, • THK ?■ GENUINE
'Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extracttoa
and paten of Improved bridge work or tee: a
' without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'FarrelW;.
ALL WORK REASON AND' WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1123 Market «.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses have bMn
Issued by the County Clerk's office:,
George Selver-.teln and Millie ohen, 23—22. •
John D. Ferguson and C.eofas Winter, 34—29.
Francis J Berry and Kate v Peters. 26—21.
<4eor*e A. Millar a id Aunie Douglas. 25— 22.
Francis IX Small and Reta L. Cardoz >, 29—27.
Golla Debernaardl and GUda Tumi. 24—22.
. Augustus D Truet: and Annie T.l3ibhlen.-J6— 2o.
Frauk L. Bowoa and Resa Vounic, 21—20.
David M. Ahem an d Maggie A. Costello, 23—22.
Giovanni Vlgna and < aterlna Perazzn, ,HS — 34.
BIRTHS— MAKRIAGES— MATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed In a:
either of the publication offices and be indorse!
with the name and residence of persons auihorlzel
to have the same published.
/ BOKX.
KLENCK— In this city, January 27, 1897, to the
wife of Fred J. Klenck, a son.
W OOfiALL-In this city. January 24, 1897. to the
wlfe'of C. J. Woodall. a son.
MA^iIiJSU.
BRAUNTON — OPPENH EIMRR —In Sonora.
Cal.. January 10. 1897, Hugh Branntou of
Stockton, Cal., and Rosa Oppenhelmer.
EcKEß— WOLF— January 26, 1897. by the Rev.
Paul Branlce, Jacou Ecier and Minnie Wolr.
HKITER— BMITH-In Vallejo, January 20. 1897.
by the Rev. Father Ducan. Fred A. Helter of
San Francisco and Maggie E. Bmi:h of Rodeo.
DIED.
Asklund, Peter J. Jacobson. Bernard
Baumeister, John A. Korb, Edward
Blake, William L. Leary Elijah W.
BettolL Alma Mcb'aden, Daniel
Buckley. William J. Mechler. Barbara
Flancti flower. Laura T. Michaels, Dietrich F.
Cosgrave, Frances L. Nordhausen, Charles 0.
Epiey. John W. Quint), Joseph
Flood. Mary E. hnacWleford. Elizabeth
Green, Elizabeth Sullivan. Barry P.
. Golkowski, John Stanle, Frederick H.
Thompson, William
ASKLUND— In this city. January 27. 1897, Peter
J. Asklund, a native of Sweden, aged 66 years
3 months and 8 days.
BAUMEISTER — In this city, January 27.1897.
John A., beloved husband of Babette Baumeis-
ter, and father of Charles and Edward Baumeis-
ter, a native of Baden, Germany, aged i U7 years
8 months and 17 days. A rremer of Germanla
Lodge No. 116, L o. v. F. , Wildey Encampment
No. 23, L O. O. F., and Germanla Stamm No.
83, U. O. R. M.
firs'' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the tuneral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1 p. m., from his late residence,
1123 Buchanan street, between Golden Gate
avenue and Turk street, and thence to 1. O. (>. F.
Hall, corner .of Seventh and Market street,
where funeral services will be held a: 2 o'clock
p. m. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BLAKE— In this city. January 36, 1897, William
L-, beloved husband of Catherine Blake, and
father of Herbert W. Blake, a native of New
York, aged 52 years.
JdTi-riends and acquaintances are respect-
fuli v Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the hall
of Yerba tnena Lodge No. 14, A. O. U. W., 32
O'Farreil street. Interment 1. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Gallagher, 10 Fifth street.
BETTOLI— In this city, January 25. 1897. Alma,
Deloved daughter of Stefano and Franzl Betloli.
BUCKLEY— In this city. Jannary 26, 1897. Wil-
: liam J., dearly beloved' husband of Mrs. Laura
Buckley, and son of Augusta and the late Wil-
liam Buckley, and brother of Anson and Marie
Buckley and Mrs. Sarah Boarman, a native of
Sa'i Francisco, aged 35 years.
49-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clocic a. m\. from the par-
lors of Valente, Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton
street, between Green and Union. In. trine
. 'Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
BLANCHFLOWER-In this City. January 27,
1897, Laura T., beloved wife of A. B. Blanch-
flower, and mother of A. L. Blanch flower, a na-
tive of England, aged 55 years ana 5 months.
COSGRAVE— In Ocean View, January 27, 1897,
Frances Lillla i. beloved wife of Thomas P. Cos-
grave, and only child of J. E. and Rose Tozer of
Made a native of CU.caiO, 111 , aged 22 years
8 months and 13 days. [Battle Creek (Mich.)
papers please copy.
JO-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from residence
of Henry C Tozer. 232 Montana street. Ocean
View. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
EPLEY— In Los Angeles. Cal., January 23. 1887,
John W. Ep:ey, beloved son of J. W. and tin.
M. B. Kpley, and brother of Mrs. Eva B. Kesa-
ler, a native of California.
FLOOD— In this city, Janua-y 27, 1897, Mary
JKmma, widow of the late James C- Flood, and
beioved mother of > nra Jane and James L.
F.ooq, aged 6 9 years 5 months and 10 days.
49~Intermeni private.
GREKN-In this city, January 27, 1897, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of James Green, and sister of
Mrs. Margaret Heath and Mrs. Kosanna
Thomas, a native of County Longford, Ireland,
aged 70 rears. r*an;a Cruz Dapers please copy.]
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toat end the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 15 Merr.tt street, oil Hattie, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, thence to Mission
Do. ores Church, wbers a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. it. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOLKOWSKI— In 'he Cltr and Conntr Hospital.
January 27, 1897, John Golkowskl, aged 35
years.
JACOBSON— In this city, January 27, 1397, Ber-
nard Jacobson, superintendent of Hebrew
Home, 607 Lombard street, a native of Russia,
age B8 years.
43" Friends and acquaintances and officer*
and memoers of the Hebrew Home for Aged
and Disabled ar<» respectfully invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY /Thursday) at '4
o'clock P. if., from 607 Lombard street. Inter-
ment Beth ma, Cltv Cemetery.
KokK— ln this city, January 26, 1897. Edward
Korb, beloved son of Lovlna Fitzgerald, and
stepson of the late Nicholas Fitzgerald, drowned
on the steamer San Benito, a native of San
' Francisco, aged 20 years 10 months and 17 days.
,63" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th» mneral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from his late
residence. 419* Fremont street. Interment
. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LEARY— In this city, January 24, 1897, Elijah
W. Leary, brother of J. W. Leary and Mrs. Anna
Jennings, a native of New York, aged 43 years.
McFADKN— In Sonth San Francisco, January
27, 1897. Daniel, beloved husband of Eliza Me-
J-.den, and father of Donald, Edward, Effie,
Henrietta,' Eliza and Jessie McFadenand Mrs.
W. Balzer, a native of Canada, aged d 6 years 5
months and 27 days. [Boston papers please
copy. 1
' £3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from Fifteenth-
avenue M. E. Church, latsrmenc Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by carriage.
MECHLKR-ln this city, January 27, 1897, Bar-
bara Mechler, beloved mother of Mrs. Cecelia
Scbwingand Mrs. Emma Stenberg, a native of
Germany, a, ,ea 69 years. •
MICHAELIS— In this city, January | 20, 1897,
Dietrich Friedrlch. beloved brother of Henry F.
Michaelis, a native of Germany, aged 47 yean
11 months and 3 days.
giTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun-ral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence. 3202 Mission street, corner Twenty-
•Uhlh. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery. Pleas*
omit flowers. .
NORDHAU&EN— In this city, January 26, 1897,
Charles C, beloved husband of Louise Nord-
hausen, and father of Olga, Elsa, Carl and
hritz Nordhauseu, and son of Marie and the
late Adolf Nordnausen, and brother of Mrs. G.
F. Heesemann, a native of Oldenburg, Germany,
Char esion (S. C.) papers please copy.J
j(3~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock P. m.. from his late resi-
d ence, 1322 Adeline stresu Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. ' , '.. .
QUINN— this city, Januarj* 26. 1897, Joseph
. Qulnn, a native of ' Virginia City, Nev , aged 23
» ears 11 mon:ns and Is days.
BHACKLEFORD— In this city, January, 26, 1897.
suddenly, Elizabeth Powtoski. widow of the
late T. J. ehacKlefJrd. beloved mother of Kleta
Shacjietord. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William
Hunter, and sister or Mrs. D. L. Mr Donald, born
at L xlngton. Mo., January 18, 1848.
JtSTThe funeral will taica piase THIS DA.V
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from the family
residence. 10 OB Leaven worth street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, January 26. 1897,
Harry Percival, dearly beloved son of Henry L.
and Jennie T. Sullivan, and dearly beloved
' grandson of Mrs. Mary Mallon of Stockton, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged & years and 10 '
- months. [Stockton (Cat.) papers please copy.]
•' jjgfFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TJFtS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of the parents, 144 .-an Carlos avenue.
' Interment Holy Cross «rjaetery. ■
STANCE— In Alameda,. January 24, 1897, Fred-
... crick H. mania, a native of Germany, aged 64
years 4 mon.hi and 24 days.
THOMPSON— In tnlscinr. January 26, 1897,
William 'Thompson, j a native of- England, aged
74 eaM. -■ -.;•.-. •;-•■• .".:; ■ '
", McAVOY* GALLAGHER, T
; FUNERAL DIRECTORS £ EMBALM KRS,
'' tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
;': L : ' ■ Telephone 808 a 1 •
IjTsTmcmTnTTmey!^™"" Chas. MuMjsnoxjcv.
JAMES McMENOMKX & SON, n
UNDKKTAKEKS AM) J-:3IBAJLMKU.S.
luo! Aliettion Street, Near sovbuui.
Telephone r-0.1 ti M 64»
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
JL of burial p at» and graves in Its cemetery; and
give deeds. '■■'■ ■ : ■ -\. *.-. •
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's office at the i cemert-ry, corner
Bush street and Central avenue, Han Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY.
SAN - MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST C£M£>
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense •*•
'dual vet location - unexcelled. * Office U97 M.UHM
iu«*i, •outheaat coxuero* oiiu*.
1314
MORE DISCOURSE
ON BAD PRINTING
Old Straw Thrashed Over
Again in the Cooney
Case.
The Enright Deeds Refused as
Evidence Against the
Notary.
More Expert Testimony on the Matter
of Technical Work in a Press-
Room and Such Like.
Because a man has turkey in his hon?e
it is no proof that he did not feed on beef
steak for dinner.
This was the gustatory metaphor Attor
ney Patrick,"VV. Reddy introduced into the
Cooney case yesterday to shut off the in
troduction of a certain deed as evidence
which the notary acknowledged on the
same date as li is notarial certificate to the
famous pencil deeds. The day in ques
tion is September 21, 1894, and on that day
Cooney put his certificate to a deed made
by Joseph E. Enrijjht, conveying certain
property to his rnfe. In this case he used
a form with bis name printed on it. In
the .case of Mrs. Craven's deeds the ac
knowledgment was made on a general
blank. The Fair people see in the~e facts
evidence against Cooney. Through Assist
ant Prosecuting Attorney Hosiner they
endeavored to ret the Enright document
into court, and then it was Reddy sprung
the turkey metaphor to his o-vn advan
tage.
When Magistrate Carroll Cook heard
arguments on both sides. Hosnier con
tended that the fact that Cooney used his
individual blanks on one deed and gene
ral DlanKs on Craven deeds, was proof,
prima facie, that there was something
■wrong. Keddy stood pat on the turkey
logic, and in the end the court fell in;o
line.
The prosecution put Detective Seymour
on the stand to formally introduce the
Enright documents, after a tedious day
of technical evidence on the part of a
number of H. S. Crocker <fe Co.'s em
ployes. For many a day the Fair chil
dren have held these deeds up their sleeve
to spring at an opportune moment in
tfapir tigbt against Mrs. Craven.
The pencil deeds were acknowledged by
Cooney at his place of business, 11 Mont
gomery street. The Wright documents
were exectfted in his father's office in the
Pbelaii building. That is wny, according
to the young notary, different forms of
notarial certificates were used. But tbis
explanation has never been satisfactory to
the Fair people. They see in this use of
different blanks a world of meaning. It
was not probable, they argued, that
Cooney would use a general form in one
case and a blank containing his printed
name in another without cause. The
reason they advanced was that the pencil
deeds acknowledgments were made after
Fair's dtath and on forms that would
bring home no telltale evidence of such a
fraud. Tbese Wrigbt deeds have been in
the pos^es-.ion of the attorneys for the
Fair children since the inception of tbe
case. Yesterday was the first time they
undertook to make them a factor in ihe
case. Notwithstanding their defeat it is
very probable that to-day they will at
tempt to get tbe documents into court by
a round-about method, and have turkey
take the precedence for the nonce of beet
steak.
Aside from this incident the proceedings
in the cass yesterdny wore devoid o! in
terest. Attorney Reddy was thrashing
old straw in the hope of cornering any
stray grain. In the morning George W.
yon Abn was put on the stand to tell how
a job in printing is locked in the "chase"
in Crocker & Co.'s establishment. He re
membered mat in 1894 a stereotype of the
ordinary notarial hlanu was made. It was
destroyed in I^s because it was neces
sary to insert the words "to me" in the
£opy. There was some technical testi
mony ou type and the manner in which it
is distributed, when Attorney Reddy
asKed:
"What became of the stereotype?"
"1 destroyed it as soon as the order
came up to insert the words 'to me' in the
form."
"Did you ever mako any other changes
in the reading? '
"Not that I remember."
"Was the same type used In all forms?"
•'I suppose it was."
"You u&ed electrotypes ol the words
'State oi California' in printing all legal
blanks?"
XEW TO-DAY.
HfacT
HUMORS
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough,
oily, mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and baby blemishes
prevented by Cuticuka Soap, the most
effective skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, as well as purest ana
sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
(yticura
Bokr U iold thromrhont the world. Potth Dbu*
axb Cbbm. Coep., Sole Props., Bo«ton, U. 8. A.
0f " How to Prereat Face Humors." mailid free.
EIfEDV UIIUftD From Pimple* to Scrofula enrtd
tffCnl nUMUII by CUXiCDBA &SMZDIBI.
"I suppose we did generally. The elec
trotypes were in use when I entered the
employ of Crocker & Co. Sometimes I
have set np the form entirely from type."
Fred J. Daniels was called to shed more
light on the matter of ''locking forms."
He identified various marks he had made
on the proofs and copy he had of notarial
blanks printed since 1894.
Charles H. Crocker said the words "to
me" had been dropped about 1891 and
printed again in 1895.
W. A. Stanlord was again called to
identify some marks he made on the copy
for 10,000 notarial blanks on January 8,
1896. Vor. Ann came back again to say he
knew nothing of proofs or forms printed
prior to 1894, because it was the custom to
destroy this kind of stuff after it was three
years old.
J. O. Jephson, a printer at 1709 Market
street, took the stand to say he had printed
the forms used by Cooney on the Enright
deeds, but was not allowed to tell his
story, because Attorney R.eddy said this
fact'had nothing to do with the perjury
charge against Cooney. The case will be
resumed this morning.
OOEINTHIAN YAOHT CLUB.
New Officers Klected and a Long De-
bate Over What Is an Amateur,
The Corinthian Yacht Club h«sld its an
nual meeting last night in Rd Mon's
Hall, 510 Bush street, elected officers for
tl:p eusaing year, fruitlessly debated the
detiniiion of an amateur athlete, and con
cluded with a little social time furnished
in a neighboring refreshment place by the
newly elected officers, who are" as follows:
Commodore, Alex J. Young; vice-com
modore, Carl WestTfeld; port captain,
John H. Keefe; board of directors — Alex
J. Young, Carl Westerfeld, John EL
Kee:e, E. B. Lathrop, 0. L. Barrett, F. R.
Cook, William Fisher; regatta com
mittee—J. H. Happs, P. J. Morbenstein,
T. J. Kavanaugh.
Some of the Principal Figures That Appeared in the Cooney Case
Yesterday.
The treasurer's report showed that the
club has beeun the new year with a neat
balance of $330 93. During the year past
the total receipts were $1926 and the total
disbursements $L7*is 07.
There are now 144 members in the
Corinthian Yacht Club.
The appointment of inter-club delegates
was left to the board of directors.
John W.- Pew. the retiring president,
was chairman of the meeting, and there
were forty-five members present.
The proposed definition of an amateur
yacbtsnian, whicb was much discussed
and without definite action, reads: "An
amateur or Corinthian yachtsman is one
who has never accepted remuneration for
services rendered in handling or serving
on a yacht or any coastwise or inland
water craft, or wbo is a professional in
any other sport." Many of the members
thought this too exclusive.
THAT OONTBACT MAEEIAGE.
Quackenbush Against (juackenbuah
otill Occupies Judge Seawell.
The troubles of Thomas M. Quackenbush
and his wife, Nancy Abbott-Quackenbush,
again occupied Judge Seawell's attention
yesterday.
Mrs. Quackenbush claims a right to $500
a month for permanent support by virtue
of a marriaee by contract.
Quackenbush admits that the writing is
his, but says he did not know what he was
signing.
The first witness called was Mrs. Delia
Heermans, who testified: "The first time
1 met Mr. Quackenbush was at Mrs.
Quackenbush's home on Leavenworth
street. I met him on a Sunday at dinner
with a Judge Hardy. I met him fre
quently on Sundays at dinner, and in ihe
evening he would remain and I would con
verse witn him and with her. It was at one
of those times that he told me of bis engage
ment. He told me be wan engaged to Mrs.
Abbott, and that they were to be married
and take a trip to Canada and also to New
York, and that he was going to build a
house for her, and that the house would
be built just as slie planned it."
Mrs. Mary Gooding, Mrs. Harret
Macool, F. C. Noble and Henry W.
Brindelson had known Mr. Quackenbush
and Mrs. Abbott and bad supposed them
to be married. Their knowledge on this
point was not clear. Further testimony
in this case is to be heard to-day.
THE TIE SIDING AOOIDENT.
No San Francisco or either Passengers
Were Injured.
The local Union Pacific Railroad office
was kept busy yesterday answering ques
tions in regard to the reputed wreck of a
Union Pacific overland in Wyoming. ; .
. A Cheyenne dispatch in yesterday morn
ing's newspapers stated that the Union
I Pacific east bound flyer had been wrecked
at 1 o'clock that morning at Tie Siding,
thirty miles west of Cheyenne, and that
two Pullmans were wrecked and a number
of passengers injured. ■ -
The inquiries at the local office were
made by iriends of San Francisco passen
gers who were known to be on the train.
General Agent D. W. Hitchcock wired
to Salt Lake City for particulars. Follow
ing is a copy of the reply he received from
Manager W. H. Bancroft of the Union Pa
cific system: ■• • ■',
Accident at Tie '■ Siding insignificant beyond
delay of two or three hours to train and slight
injury to car. -No. one injured. Trains all
moving on time. ' .; - •.••■-■. -
■■;.- * *.'■*'' '•"
Not how cheap, but how good for the money; 1
print or bind. Mysell-Rollins, 22 Clay. •
- ■ - . •■■-.■ • ■ ■ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1897.
MOURNING IN THE
BIG BROWN HOUSE
Mrs. Flood, Stricken With
Pneumonia, Died Last
Evening.
Conscious to the Last She Talked
and Prayed With Those
Around Her.
Her Children Were With Her When
the End Came — Funeral to Be
Unostentatious.
There is mourning in the big brown
stone mansion on California street. Mrs.
Mary L. Flood, widow of the late million
aire, James C. Flood, died last night at
9:30 o'clock.
Last Sunday evening she was taken ill
and her ailment rapidly developed into
pneumonia. Dr. Morse was summoned
and everything possible to check tue dis
ease was done, but it was useless.
Tuesday afternoon Mrs. Flood began to
fail, and it was evident that death was
near at hand.
Yesterday she failed to show signs of
improvement, but remained conscious
and cheerful. Around her bedside were
gathered her children. Her mind re
mained unclouded to the lost, and up to
within a few moments before her death
she talked and prayed with those around
her.
Mrs. Flood came to this City la?t fall to
take up her permanent residence in the big
brownstone mansion on the brow of Nob
Hill.
She had been living in the almost
since the death of her husband, but bad
determined to make her San Francisco
house her home.
While in the East her health was not of
the best, and one of the reasons for her
taking her residence here was the hope
thatt he California climate would benefit
her.
With her came her daughter, and while
neither Mrs. Flood nor her daughter were
often seen in society circles their in
fluence was great. They never seemed to
care for social life and the mansion on the
hill has never been lit up for an evening's
pleasure.
In charitable circles Mrs. Flood was
well known, although her charity was not
of the ostentatious kind. She gave largely,
but she gave quietly, and many who par
took of her boumy knew not from whose
hand it came. It is certain, however, that
her charities amounted to several thou
sands every year.
When she was taken ill last Sunday it
was not supposed that the malady would
become serious, but as her strength began
to fail, her family became much alarmed,
and never left her bedside except for a
moment at a time.
Monday the nrst symptoms of pneu
monia showed themselves and then it was
the suspicion that the illness might prove
fatal came into the minds of those around
her.
Tuesday she was better, but the im
provement was but for a few hours and
she showed 3igns that the disease was
growing upon her.
Yeßterday morning about 2 o'clock she
sank so low that her children thought the
end was near, but again she rallied and
passed the day in safely.
As evening approached it became ap
parent, however, that there was no hope,
and friends and relatives could only stand
by the bed and wait for the end. It came
at half-past 9.
Mrs. Flood was 69 years old. She leaves
two children, Cora Jane Flood and James
L. Flood, both of whom live in the house
on the hill.
As yet no arrangements fur the funeral
have been made, but it is understood that
tha interment will be private.
Mrs. Flood's estate, from all accounts,
amounts to a very large figure. Since
James C. Flood died his estate has been
divided in various ways and much more
of it has gone to the children than was
given to them at bis death.
A BENCH SHOW IN MAT.
The Olympic Gun Club Decided T.aat
Evening to Give an Exhibition.
The Olympic Gun Club met last evening
and heard the report of the committee
from the Pacific Kennel Club. Now that
the latter club has disbanded, the Olym
pics decided to apply immediately to the
American Kennel Club for membership,
after which it will go ahead with arrange
ments for a bencn »how, which will be
held in this City in May next. It will not
be known for some time whom the club will
select to judge the show, but it is hinted
that Juage Mortimer will be favorably
considered.
NEW T. M. I. COUNCIL.
Meeting to Organize One in the Caf he-
dral OistricL.
This evening there will be an important
meeting of the gentlemen of the Cathedra!
district of the City. The object of the
meeting will be the organization of a St.
Mary's Cathedral Council of the Young
Men's Institute.
Membership in the Y. M. 1. is of two
kinds. For active membership in the so
ciety those who desire to become members
must be young men between the ages of
19 and 40 years and practical Catholics.
For active membership applicants must
undergo a medical examination. To be
come associate members those who wish
to join the council must be over 19 years
ot age and of good moral character. Asso
ciate members are entitled to all the priv
ileges of active membership, except par
ticipation in the sick benefit fund.
An the Catholic young men of the
Cathedral and Western Addition districts
01 the City are expected to be present at
the meeting this evening. The Rev. P. C.
Yorke will address those present. The
meeting will be held in the basement of
iSt. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue
and O'Farreil street. The meeting will
open at 8 o'clock.
PIEE, WATEE AND WHEELS.
Their Devotees to Be Enlisted in the
Carnival Scheme.
F. W. Billings, secretary of the Watson
ville Volunteer Fire Department, has ad
dressed a letter to the carnival directors
regarding a proposition to have a volun
teer firemen's tournament some day dur
ing carnival week. No provision has been
made by the executive committee for any
tiremen's tournament, but if a sufficient
number of the Volunteer Firemen's Asso
ciation of the State should signify their
willingness to participate in such an af
fair the committee would devote an after
noon to it.
A letter was this morning addressed to
the secretary of the Pacitic Inter- Yacht
Club Association calling the attention of
that body to the fact that a day had been
set apart for a naval display, in which it
was proposed to assemble all the war ves
sels, yachts, etc., in the bay in a grand
marine pageant, to be concluded with a
regatta of sailing vessels. The associa
tion has been asked to name a committee
to confer with the carnival directors on
the detail?.
The Cycle Board of Trade and Asso
ciated Wheelmen will noli a meeting to
morrow night in the assembly-room of the
California Hotel, to discuss bicycle day
in carnival week.
DEFICITS IN CITY FUNDS
Dr. Rottanzi's Caustic Comments
en Seme Lavish Expen-
ditures.
With Strict Economr Many Deficits
May Vanish at the End of
the Fiscal Ye2r.
Dr. Rottanzi, the chairman of the Fi
nance Committee of the Board of Super
visors, has been busily engaged for some
time in clearing up the City's balance
sheet. Upon consultation with the chair
men of the various Supervisorial commit
tees and their assistants he hopes that an
economical administration henceforth will
leave ultimately no deficit.
As affairs stand now, including con
tracts for $12,500 in the Street Depart
ment, there is a net deficit of $71,898 44.
The greatest apparent deficit, impos
sible for the Finance Committee to curtail
on account of vicious laws enacted by
previous Legislatures, exists in the County
Clerk's office. The deficit in that particu
lar department for the first six months
amounts to $13,646 83.
As its oxpenses last year were over
$134,000 and the appropriation for this
year is only $100,000. the approximate de
ficit will foot up over $34,000.
In the street-hunting fund there is a
deficit of $11,322 50 for the first six months.
On consulting with Mr. Rivers, Dr.
Rottanzi believes this appropriation will
be made to balance before the end of the
year.
In the Street Department the deficit
amounts to $19,310. Outstanding con
tracts on hand aggregate $12,500, thus
leavine the department to run on about
one-thira the appropriation for the next
six months. Chairman Devany believes
that with strict economy f here will be no
deficit at the end of the fiscal year.
The stationery and supplies department
has a deficit of $2405 16 out of an appro
priation of $22,000. Chairman Hawkins
slated to Dr. Roitanzi that all the depart
ments were without any stationery what
ever, and that "the cleanup was com
plete." By curtailing expenses he expects
to come out clear at the end of the fiscal
year.
"I 'hink the City and County Hospital, "
said Dr. Rottanzi, "has been conducted in
the most scandalous manner. As a mem
ber of the Hospital Committee, on visit
ing that institution I was not surpmed,
but simply horrified at the condition in
which thai institution had been left.
"Tne amount appropriated for repairs
was shamefully wasted and the place left
in a most deplorable and unsanitary con
dition. The deficit for the first six months
amounts to $3787 81, and the repair fund
was overdrawn by $789 23.
"I did not care to interfere with the ex
pert of the Board of Health in bis work,
but am willing to co-operate with that
b dy in bringing to light the criminal ex
penditures made in that institution.
"In County Jail No. 2 the deficit aggre
gated $2725 28 and in the police patrol
$1800 2L
"The election fund was overdrawn by
$12,600 81. No remedy can be had for
this unless there be a surplus in other
departments.
"There are surpluses in several depart
ments. That in the fire alarm repair fund
amounts to $7717 20."
Dr. Rottan/i believes that in great part
the deficit is due to extravagance in tne
management of affairs and the crea
tion at Sacramento of unnecessary offices
with large Kalaries in this City.
JENNIE PARSONS' MONEY.
Her Relatives l-lghtlng Her Husband*
Kin for th# Uatate.
The contest in the estate of Jennie Par
son*, deceased, has been narrowed down
between the relatives of Mrs. Parsons on
one side and the relatives of Otis Parsons
on the other side.
Mrs. Parsons and her husband were both
drowned at sea ninety miles from Victoria
by the wreck of the steamship Pacific in
1875.
A year ago a woman calling herself Mrs.
Minnie Adams Brooks laid claim to the
estate of $4000 on the ground that she was
the daughter oi Mrs. Parsons and at the
same time offering a will said to have been
written by Mrs. Parsons after the ship
began to go down. It was represented
that the will was nicked up in a bottle on
the coast near the wreck.
Some time ago the so-called Dottle will
was declared invalid and at yesterday's
hearing of the case it was learned that
Mro. Brooks is dead. No appearance was
made on behalf of her heirs.
A continuance of a month was granted
for the purpose of taking the deposition
of Neil Henley, the only survivor of the
wreck, for the purpose of proving which
was first drowned Mr. or Mrs. Parsons, as
on that point depends the inheritance of
the estate.
THE STOEM IS GENERAL
Heavy Rains Falling in All Parts of
the State.
According to the reports received at the
local weather bureau the rain that
reached this City yesterday morning was
a part of a heavy storm that extends all
over thp State. For several days past
there /lave been indications that there
was a storm approaching.
Last night's prospects were for a heavy
downpour in the mountains and alonu the
foothills. Those at the weather bureau
predict that the storm will last over to
day in many parts of the State, and per
haps longer. Last evening it was difficult
to predict when the change would take
place that would scatter the storm.
Jewblry store. 6 aud7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearuy street.
WILL E. FISHER
SUED FOR DIVORCE
His Wife Says He Has
Been Drunk for More
Than a Year.
Going the Pace That Kills on
Money That Was Not
His Own.
Great Mental Anguish Cair.ed to the
Woman He Had Promis'd to
Love and Cherish.
Will E. Fisher, the real estate dealer
who succeeded in spending more money
than he could earn, ha - a new trouble to
face as his wife Rebecca fisher has sued
him for a divorce. The complaint de
manding a legal separation on behalf of
Mrs. Fisher was tiled yesterday by Bishop
& Wheeler, attorneys for Mrs. Fisher, and
thus the expectations of her friends and
relations came true. For a long time
those familiar with the relations of Mr.
and Mrs. Fisher have been looking for a
disruption of the family as it was known
that his habits were not in accordance
with her ideas of right. His indulgence
in Btimulants has been particularly obnox
ious to the lady and all hei pleadings for
him to desist have been in vain.
A friend of the family, who professed to
know the grounds on which Mrs. Fisher
demands a divorce, said yesterday that
she alleged habitual intoxication as the
main cause of the action against her hus
band. She alleges that for more than a
year he has been addicted to excessive in
dulgence in th« flowing bowl, and that in
consequence she das suffered great mental
anguish. He has been incapacitated for
the proper discharge of his duties as a
business man on many occasions, and to
this is attributed some of the acts that
have brought him before the courts in
civil suits, and also in the proceeding
which seeks to have him arrested for al
leged embezzlement of $1688 belonging to
the Wallace estate.
While Fisher has been going the pace
that kills and has been squandering the
fortune which bis wife inherited from a
former husband she has been doing her
best to gather up the loose ends of her
affairs, but all her efforts have been frus
trated by the reckless acts of her spouse.
Patience has ceased to be a virtue, and at
last, for self-defense, she is driven to the
divorce court. Fisher married his wife,
who was then Mrs. Jennings, in 1891. She
avers that since their marriage he has
never contributed anything to the sup
port of the family. In the statement of
his affairs she appears as a creditor for
more than $40,000, showing that from time
to time he obtained cash from her. These
sums went with the lunds of his clients
and patrons to meet the requirements of
his extravagant expenditures.
W. E. FISHER RETURNS
Back From Stockton Accompanied
;by a Private Detective.
Will E. Fisher, the real estate agent
whose disappearance several days ago, in
the face of serious financial embarrass
ments, called forth unfavorable comment,
returned from Stockton yesterday morn
ing accompanied by one Joseph Nye, said
to be a private detective. So much is
definitely known, but both Fisner and his
companion subsequently vanished into
airy nothine, leaving not a rack behind.
It may, however, besalely assumed that
if he did at first seriously contemplate
flight from the inconsiderate demands of
his creditors, second thoughts suggested a
more honoraDle course of action.
The report contained in some of the
evening papers to the effect that Fisner
claims to have been in communication with
his creditors lacks official confirmation.
CharlesS. Neal, who was appointed one
of a committee of three for the purpose of
obtaining from the various creditors as
signments of their claims, with a view to
consolidating the same, professed com
plete ignorance of Fisher's movements,
beyond the information already pub
lished in this paper. "We propose to ap
ply for an assignment to levy on the
assets," said Mr. Neal. "though as yet we
have discovered nothing more tangible
than Fisher's office furniture with which
to meet the expenses of such an applica
tion. We have commenced suit lor office
rent, as is publicly known, and intend to
aerve the necessary papers on Fisher him
self jnst as soon as we rind him. Person
ally I was not aware that he was in town
until I read the eveninc papers."
E. B. Jennings, the stepson of the in
solvent real estate agent, could supply no
additional particulars. Fisher had not
been near the house up to a late hour
yesterday afternoon.
His disappearance dates from Monday
a week ago, ana was first made known id
connection with the suit instituted against
both Fisher and Henry A. Smith by the
special administrator of the Fair estate for
$600 rent due and for restitution of the
premises at 14, 16 and 18 Post street. It is
known that he was in Stockton on the
Tuesday morning, and was there tempo
rarily housed hy Joseph Nye. Both IN ye
and Fisher took passage on the Weber on
Tuesday evening last for this city, and
were recognized by several passengers.
Immediately upon the boat's arrival here
they again disappeared, but whether or
not they have gone into hiding the sequel
alone will show conclusively.
SEW TO-DAI.
So much talk
about
Jrophtj
Baking Powder
—might as well
try it anyway
U Tlllmann & Ben* I, Mfife
HEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. ;fL£/-,: : ;
E THE WETTER THE BETTER— TYPICAL 3
g WEATHER PR ICE LETS— Takes a 3
pretty big pull to get you out in the rain, 3
g! but we can dp it. The tuglets are here— 3
£ the weather's between us — you must 3
£: brave the one to gain the other. 3
I LADIES' RUBBER CIRCULARS. I
On account of the wet weather the popular 75c line ill be on sale all day at -^
E 59oJSaoli- %
BLEACHED LONSDALE MUSLIN, yard wide, no dressing. To-day 3
g*~ special 22
E So Yard.
S^ Only 15 yards 10 each customer. =^£
FANCY SILK ELASTIC— Orange, heliotrope, lipht blue, pink, scarlet and j^ V
•— black, worth 15c, reduced from 10c, and on sale to-day only at — • f
g- r Only 5 yards to each customer. . — *
S= LADIES' FANCY ROUND GARTERS, light blue, pink and black. The =^
J^r 15c ones to-day at " ~^
SI • Oo Pair. 3
g— 3 pairs only to each customer. -^
S^ SCRAP ALBUMS, for a hundred uses, heavy board cover. Paste scraps ~^
i gT" these rainy days. The 103 and 12c line to-day only at ~^
£ Oo Bacli. 3
CHILDREN'S SCHOOL UMBRELLAS, 24-inch paragon frame, covered 3
ST" with cotton gloria, plenty good enough for children, natural wood -^
a— .' handles. Price . rS
§c 500 Eso,clx. 3
| WE ARE FRISCO'S BUSIEST STOReTrAIH OR SHINE. %
WE ARE FRISCO S BUSIEST STORE, RAIN OR SHINE. 3
S^ ' MEET 3V113 AT rS
Hi / (incorporated] 3
E: 937-945 Market Street, 2
g- SA.> I-R .NCldO. i
*£- WE CLOSE EVERY NIGHT AT SIX O'CLOCK. 3!
Dollars
Saved
to dollars savers who buy here during
the next three days. This store isn't try-
ing to do business on the wit of ten years
ago. We're constantly buying and selling
to better advantage. These prices are spe-
cial enough to bring us trade regardless of
the weather.
KOXA COFFEE"
The famous Hawaiian coffee.
Regularly sold for 35c.
■ ' For three days.... 30c
NATIVE POlTTand SHERRY
Rare old vintage. Regularly
sells at 50c per bottle and $1 50
per gallon. .
, For three days 35c per bot.
" " 3bots.iorsl.oo
•' $1.00 m gal.
importedmTdixes v
Regularly sold for 15c per tin.
. For three days lOc " "
V^^i Have you seen the
" W^Ri IDEAL COFFEE POT?
\ I |f|j»§ij • The only one made
\f| Hi* on sc ' ent i nc principles.
* fe^^^^ We are sole agents
21 Stockton Street, [3253 Fillmore St.,
NEAR MARKET. I. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. {Telephone West 152.
. Send for our Catalogue. •,
o : <K><KH><K>-060-<><><>
AN EXCELLENT
Tf 71"T"7 A T Properly prepared and
l\/l rv/\'l promptly served, can
JLwXI-^i *"*"' always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the TV AT A/"'I *
Most Popular K/\ A I M
Dining Apart- -■■ X3LJL^jri.VJJLJ
men t in town, rjßj nju>lUj _ <i[ ■■■■■era
0000000000000
L. A. Bertelln? Pres. ' H. Xordman, Vlce^Pres.
A. W. Kirk, aec. • Jos. Kordman, Treai.
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with Instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority : has not i yet . been
equaled. ■■■ ' .
We have no rivals. We value oar reputation;
■ ■we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upoa
the merits of our wort lor success.
DR. HALL'S REIIYIGOXATOI.:
a3S^W&£> Five hundred rmvnrU tor any caj» *r»
BBS fi*e|l cannot curs. . THIS SECRET KEM-
HDR. stops all : losses in 21 honrs,
Five hundred reward toranycasrw*
cannot curs. THIS SECRET KEM-
EuY stops alt losses in 21 honrs,
HJS E^|m cures Emission*, linpotency, Varico
|y?vS t^Tf cele, UonorrtXKa, G.eet, i'its, Stric-
lAa^j B&aJ turea. Blood DLoease an 1 all wasting
RftMJ effects of -elf Abusa or Kxcesiaj.
ti-iirm'^Hii sent sea.cd. $2 per boule. iHKiini
BOTTLES, 95: guaranteed to cure any case.
.-, DH. HALL'S MEDICAL IN3TITUIU, *
> : ■. ■ b55 Broadway, Oakland. Ca*. - ■ ■ ;
All prl v te aiscaues uuicKiy cured, bend - for -
tree boot. : -.-. -' .-. :-.:'.-.. r ... :■,-■,
Baja California "
Dam Bitters
IS vA POWERFUL APHHODISTAC , AND
' specific tonic for the sexual and urinary orxan.i
of both sexes, ami a great . remedy for diseases of
the ; kidneys ar>d bladder. • A great Restorative, j
Invigorator and Nervine. ' Sells on Us Own Merita:
no long-winded testimonials nece-sary. ■■ -■
NABEK, & BRUNK, Agents,", '
3«3 Market St., S. *'.— (Send' for Circular)
TRICES ALWAYS THE LOWEST.
TERMS ALWAYS THE EASIEST.
"■—■—>——« — — — — •
We Challenge Comparison on Our
[STYLES QUALITY
PRICES VARIETIES
Largest stock of Low and
Medium Priced Goods on
* the Pacific Coast.
Stoves, Fnrniture, Showcases,
Ranges, Carpets, Counters,
Blankets, Bedding. Desks,-
Comforts, Mattings, Bars.
WE HAVE 2ACRES OF FLOOR SPACE.
We're Ready for Business.
CASH OB EASY TIME PAYMENTS.
J. 3^OO3ST-A.N-,
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
516-518-520-522 Minna Street.
Above Sixth.
Phone, Jessie 4L Open Evening*.
ROSLYN COAL!
THE nOST ECONOMICAL IN THE MARKET.
BY THE SACK 450
•> BY THE T0N...... SB.OO
Try a sack or ton from the old reliable yard. '
OjiO. ,lO.\E>. Manager.,
351 Stevenson Street,
Between Third and .Fourth.
Special Rates to Hotels and Kestauraat*.
SOTICE 15VITHG_SEALED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
. the City of San Jose.
THE MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL OF
the Cl: of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled -An ordinance providing for the issuance
and sale of bonds of to* City of . San Jose." etc.,
passed on tne 21st day of December, 1886, an I
approved on the 23d day of December, 1896,
ordained that ther* should be Issued by said city
of Han Jose six hundred high school bulldiug
bonds, of the denomination of $125 each, and four
. hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of SiOO
each, both classes of bonds to bear interest at the
rate of *y% \er cent Der annum, payable s«ml-
annually. and also by said ordinance authorize!
aud directed the City Clerk of said city to give
notice inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
now therefore ■.-•■,-'
• Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San
Jose intends to issue one thousand bonds aforesaid
and that sealed proposals will be received at the
office of said City clerk, at the City Hall In Sao.
Jose, California, until the hour of eight o'c!oc«
p. it, on the eighth day of February, 1897 (at
which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
and common Council shall duly convene, said bids
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said h.gh school building and sewer
bonds, or either thereof. Said bonds are to Bear
date June 1. 1897. ana the Interest thereon lobe
paid semi-aD Dually on the first day of December
and the flru day or June of each year thereafter,
• both principal and interest payable in cold coin or
lawful money of the United States
saidhlirh school building bonds shall b» num-
bered consecutively from one to sir hundred, both
inclusive, and be divided into forty series, num-
bered consecutively, mini' one to lorty. both In-
clusive, each series consisting of fifteen bond*;
the first, serlo* is 10 include those bonds which are
numbered from one to fifteen, bota inclusive, and
each fsucreediisg genes is to include the fifteen
bonds numuered consecutively after those In-
cluded in tae next preceding series- -'."••
:*aid newer bunds shall be numbered consecu-
tively from one to four hundred, both ineinatve,
and b ■ divided ■ into forty series numbered '<u-
secniively irom one to forty, both inclusive, each,
series consisting of ten* bonds; the first series is to
include those bonds' which are numbered from
080-to- ten. both inclusive, and each succeeding
' series Is to include the ten bonds numbered con-
secutively after those included in the next pre-
ceding series. .- .--?.- - ' ■■,-■• ■•:*•■
The first- series or said high school buildtn;
bonds and said si ■«■• funds shall be made payab
on Hi* first day or June, lh9S. and . one of the re-
■ caiuing series is to : >«- made payable on the first
day or June In each succeeding calendar year
the.-Kjif ur, nntll and Including the ye .r 1937. -
' Said bonds are to be made pay»ole to ih<- order of
the purchaser or ptyee b- name, and to each of
said bond* mere I* to be attached interest-bearing
coupons, double in number 10 the number of y*arj
WLica such bond ha* to run beforo its maturity.
Proposals must state the price offeied, the descrip-
tion of the bond* desired, and. be .accompanied by
a certified cneck on - some responsible : bank, pay-
able to th» order of the Mayor, of said City, fur at
least ten per cent of tn« amount I bid, said checK to
I be returned, to bidder in case the bid is not ac-
cepted. The purchase money for said bonds shall
be paid in gold coin or .. the ■ United >tates within
ninety days after notice of acceptance. ■; The rleh:
to accept any or all bids and to reject any or ail
bids, or portions of bids, is hereby expressly t+-
.jSsi>-w a. urn. * COOIL - °"' *"*