no_textVOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 139.
WAR RAGES AT LAST
BETWEEN GREEKS AND
TURKS ON THE BORDER
Declaration of Hostilities by the
Porte Quickly FoDowed by
Fierce Fighting.
LARISSA, Greece. April 18.— 4 a. m.—
Pierce righting between the two armies
baa been in progress several hours. Under
coyer of the darkness large detachments
Of Turkish troops were thrown forward
against the Greek forces at Mount Anal
ipsis. The Greeks are well fortified and
their resistance has been stubborn.
Repeated assaults by large bodies of
Turkish troops were repulsed with heavy !
* loss, and the Greeks have not abandoned
any of their positions.
The firing began in an effort of the Tur
kish commander to occupy a strategic po
sition several miles in advance of the
Turkish strongholds. It is said the Turks
retired after several assaults had been
made.
A battle is now rasing along the whole
of the Thessalian frontier. To-day's |
general engagement was precipitated by
Friday's engagement near Nezeros. The
Turks attacked a Greek advance post,
wounding a Greek lieutenant and killing '
a corporoal. Desultory firing was con- j
tinued until Saturday noon. It was £ crcely >
resumed several hours later. The Greeks
drove the Turks from their positions. The
Greeks then cannonaded the Turks from
Tsamteja, causing great excitement along ;
the whole line. The Turkish commander
then began massing large forces for a
general assault.
LONDON, Ejtg., April 18.— The Observer
has a dispatch from Constantinople, show
ing that the long-threatened war between
Turkey and Greece has at last been offi
j.tial.'jr Jccfared by tiie Porte.
The dispatch, which was sent from Con
stantinople at midnight, says it is de
clared that owing to fresh incursions into
Macedonia by the Greeks war has broken
out between the two countries. It further
says, at the council of Ministers at.Yildiz
Kiosk, Saturday, it was decided to recall
° Assim Bey. Turkish Minister at Athens,
•nd hand Prince Mavrocord'ato, the Greek
Minister to Turkey, his passports. The
Ministers also resolved to send orders to
Edhem Pasha, Turkish commander-in
chief in Macedonia, to assume the offen
sive.
A circular was addressed last evening to
•Ottoman envoys abroad, detailing the
latest events in the Graeco-Turkish dis
pute including last week's invasion of
Macedonia.
The Porte declares that despite the offi
cial denials of the Greek Government
Greek troops took part in the invasion.
The circular expresses a hope that the
powers in a spirit of justice will agree J
that the entire responsibility for war rests |
upon Greece. The circular concludes:
"Turkey has no idea of conquest, and as
fresh proof of her pacific sentiments is
willing to withdraw her troops, if Greece
withdraws hers from the frontier ana from
Crete."
ATHENS, Greece, April 18— Cabi
net has determined to protest against
Turkey's aggressive action to the powers.
' ...... . r
TURKS THE AGGRESSORS.
Creeks In a Position to Declare
They are Only Fighting on
the Defensive.
LONDON, Eng., April 18.— Though the
recalling of the Turkish Minister from
Athens, the dismissal of the Greek Minis
ter from Constantinople, and the ordering
of Edhem Pasha to assume the offensivp,
are all preliminary to a declaration of war,
it does not appear that such a declaration
has been formally made, but there is
not the slightest doubt it will be as soon
as the Sultan can affix bis signature.
It has been contended in various quarters
that the raid by the Greek irregulars into
Macedonia was m;:de for the sole purpose
of forcing the Porte to declare war. Tech
nically, Turkey would be the aggressor,
ana the Greeks will be in a position to de
clare that they are only fighting in defense
of their territory.
TOLD BY CIPHER.
Secretary Sherman Receives a Dis
patch From Minister Terrlll at
Constantinople.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 17.—Sec
retary of State filier man received a dis
patch to-nicht from Terrill, Unitea States
Miniiter at Constantinople. The Secre
tary said that while the message was in
deDartment cipher and could not be fully
translated usitil to-morrow, he had no
doubt it contained an official declaration
of war between Turkey and Greece.
The Secretary said hostilities between
Turkey and Greece would not affect the
United Stales. He had before him a pub
lished report of the Siaie Drpariment
Bureau of Statistics, which showed the
trade of the United States and ihe two
countries involved was too small to cause
any embarrassment to the United States.
The annual commerce of the United
States with Turkey in Europe amounted
to about $70,000 only, and with Greece
about $300,000.
Thi-, said the Secretary, included ex
ports and imports, Sherman thought
The San Francisco Call
The Center of Life and Activity in San Francisco as It Will Appear on Easter Day, 1898, When "The Call" and "Examiner" Buildings
Shall Have Been Completed.
war, instead of being detrimental to our
business with Turkey and Greece, would
iikely make demands for war material-.
Tba Secretary believed the war would
probably be ended by the interposition of
the powers.
Mustapha Bey, the Turkish Minister,
said to-night that be had received no ad
vice in regard to a declaration of war.
Greece is not represented in Washington.
A State De ] artment official said to-night
that the only question liKely to interest
this Government in the Grapco-Turkiah
war was the right of asylum. Many nat
uralized Americans, former subjects of
Turkey and Greece, had returned to their
native Innds. The arrest of any of these
or their claim of protection v hile taking
refuge in the legation of this country
might cuuse trouble.
TOWARD MONTENEGRO.
There Is a Naw Movement on the
Part of the Turkls.-i Troops
In thQ Field.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turret, April 18.
An unexpected movement of the Turk
ish troops toward the Montenegrin fron
tier has given rise to a report that serious
danger is apprehended in that direction.
A battalion of Albanians was in readi
ness to start for the Greek frontier, but
was suddenly sent 10 Ye/ana on the Mon
tenegrin frontier. Another battalion will
follow.
TIRED OF THE STRAIN.
fII Europe Would Probably Feel
Relieved by a Declaration
of War.
LONDON, Eng., April 17.— Although
to-day's news from the Macedonian fron
tier v serious, liie situation does not yet
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 18, 1897 -THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
NEWSPAPER SQUARE
seem to justify the assertion that war is
inevitable. There appears to be no doubt
the Turks are the nggieasors in the latest
movement, and that their regular troops
began an engagement which occupied a
part of two days and involved the use of
artillery and all the available munitions
of war on both sides. The Turkish ver
sion of the battle i* not yet received, but
the Greek account affirms that the enemy
was route.l and driven back across the
frontier. This episode, whatever may be
the ultimate consequences, typiries an im
portant change in the attitude of both
sides, which is the effect of important
royal «nd other influences upon several
powers and upon oflicials.
Greece has shifted the point of greatest
danger from Athens to Constantinople.
Even the Greek populace, according to
the latest dispatches, is beginning to calm
unoer the influence of a more conciliatory
policy of the powers, or rather their ap
parent abandonment of all policy. On
the other hand, the Turks, under the same
influence, have become decidedly warlike
and have finally, with or without author
ity from Yildiz, ventured upon an oi>en
official act of war.
It is no longer a secret— unhappily, in
fact, it ia not denied In Berlin— that the
German Eruperor is Instigating the Bultan
to war. This is a most discouraging fea
ture of the situation. It is not altogether
hopeless, however. To-day's provocation
in Macedonia, had it occurred a fortnight
or even a week ago, would without ques
t on have been followed by general fight
ing along the whole frontier, but now
Greece will probably hesitate before
launching an official declaration of war,
which would cancel all secret potential
efforts for peace which have been exerted
the past few days.
; All Europe has grown tirtd of the strain
of the crisis, wbioh has 'lost pictur^sque
neii and become only a blind game of
diplomacy.
GREEK STRATEGY.
Movements Which Have Placed the
Turks at a Marked Dis
advantage.
The movement* of the insurgent raiders
bo far show that they are acting according
to well-laid pinna and under the direction
of leaders who understand something of
military strategy. The first strike across
tn* frontier to Krania cut off direct com
munication with Janina and hp.rus and
pnt them in command of the only road
for wheeled vehicles leading into Macedo
ni:t. Advancing alone this road they have
seized in succession Kipuro, Baltino, Pig
nditz i, Sitovon, Kritudes and Plesm ana
are threatening Kourduzi, the capture of
which wiU cut off Grevena from Kasani
and Elassoni and put tbem on the flank
and well in tha ronr ot Edhem Pasha's
army at the latter place.
At the same time the raiders have ob
tained possession of three roads leading
back across the frontier 10 Kalabak, either
one shorter than the route by which they
advanced. From Jvrania they can go by
baltino over the frontier to Miritza.
I< Tom Pigadttza or Sitovon the roads lead
by Georgitza to the same place, and from
their farthest advance at Pieiia or even
Kouiduzi they can retreat by way of
Kritudei and Velemisti, almost directly
south, to Kalabak.
The same opportunity for a retrograde
movement is also offered for the advance
of supports when desired, direct from the
terminus of the railroad connecting Kala
bak with Trikkala, Larissa and Volo.
Advancing toward the low country of
the Kara Ses Valley they find less hard
ship and hinderance to quick movements
from the snows and inclemency of the
weather, which block up the road at
Z/go;-, and Mctsovo will prove a serious
obstacle for some time yet to ihe advance
of the Turkish troops at Janina to attack
tbeni in the rear. Meisovo Pass has an
elevation of 5000 feet above the level of
the sea and over 3500 above Lake Jnnina,
and tbe snows often lay many feet deep
until the lalter part of April. A German
traveler who crossed these mountains in
1893 found the snow in the t ass too deep
to allow the passage of uack animals on
the 28th of the month, and he was told
that it often laid many feet deep over the
road until May.
PEARY WILL TRY AGAIN.
The Explorer's Transfer to Mire Island
I* Canceled and He Will Once More
Seek the North Pole.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 17.—DeTel
opments of the last few days make it
certain that Civil Engineer R. £. jfeary
will within a few weeks start on the pre
liminary journey of his attempt to reach
the north polft. Peary's plan compre
hends a srstematic effort, which snail be
extended if necessary over a period of ten
year*; but it is just possible that the most
ambitious aims of his expedition will be
accomplished by tha early fall of 1899.
li s plan lay in abeyance at tirsl because
ol a lack of f unu», and than, last as the
requisite sum of $150,000 was in sight, an
unexpected obstacle was put in his way
by an order transferring him to Mare Isl
and. The time was all but up for him to
leave for the coast when Charles Moore of
Brooklyn, an oM friend of Secretary Long,
persuaded the Secretary to rescind his or
der.
Of this revocation Peary has received
notice, and although no arrangements have
yet been made for the necessary leave of
absence for the carrying out of his plans,
measures for their accomplishment will
soon be taken.
The glory of the American flag, whose
prestige in the far north has been sur
passed by the Norwegian flag after an
ascendency of a dozen years, was a factor
in Secretary Long's decision. Peary
should get started for the north on his
preliminary journey before tne end of
June. He will, however, be unable to say
on what date he can start until the de
sired leave of absence is granted. Ac
cording to Peary's plan the preliminary
trip will be made solely for the purpose of
arranging to colonize ths Esquimaux of
Whale Sound to meet him at a fixed
point ir the summer of 1898 with supplies.
In that summer the expedition will itself
start out.
OWNEY SHOT BY A POLICEMAN.
Death of the Celebrated Tramp Dog Which
Had for Years Traveled in the
Mail Cars.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. April 17.— Owney,
the celebrated tramp which lor ton
years had been constantly traveling over
the country under tbe protection of rail
way mail clerks, was shot last night by a
policeman whom he tried to bite. Ke
cently the mail superintendent at Chicago
issued orders forbiddine clerks to carry
tbe dog any more on their cars. Owney
toad traveled over almost every railway in
the country.
BANK WRECKER SPALDING.
Infatuated With a Young Lad/ to Whom
He Made Princely Gifts From
Depositor's Funds.
CHICAGO, 111., April 17.— George N.
Morgan of the Chicago Club of the State
University filed a complaint in the Circuit
Court to-day, on the strength of which
Judge Tnlley issued a warrant for the ar
rest of C. W. Spalding, the University's
ex-treasurer, charging him with embezzle
ment. Bail was tiled at $25,000.
Spalding has not been seen. Trustee
Armstrong admits that he was warned in
December that the Globe Bank was on
the verge of bankruptcy and other mem
bers of the board appear to have been
equally careless in falling to take steps
to secure the university's bonds alter the
warning. It is known that Miss Louise
Erwin, Spalding's protege, had vast sums
of money and jewels, gifts of the in
fatuated banker. One present was a dia
mond hrooch, valued at $12,000; another
wms a costly team and victoria, none of
which can be found.
Bank Vfflcintm in Trouble.
ST. PAUL, Minn., April 19— Warrants
were issued to-day for the arrest of Wil
liam Dawson, president, and Robert L.
Miller, assistant castiier of the Bank of
Minnesota — Dawson on a charge of em
bezzlement and Miller on a charge of
grand larceny. This action was taken at
the request of s committee of depositors.
The charee against Dawson is that oii
JuJv 1, 1896, he drew out of the bank
$97,000 in casb, leaving unsecured notes
for the amount. The charee against
Miller is that on December 12 he accepted
a deposit of $1000, knowing the bank to be
inaolvant.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BIG INLAND
SEAS COVER
THE CROPS
Rich Plantations of the
South Ruined by
the Waters.
DELTA IS NOW ALMOST
SUBMERGED.
Soon the Town Will Disappear
Under the Mississippi's
Overflow.
NEW CREVASSES IN THE LEVEES
REPORTED HOURLY.
Many Negroes Have Been Drowned.
Thousands of Horses and Cattle
Lost In the Torrents.
NEW ORLEANS, La.. April 17— This
afternoon the crevasse in the Biggs levee
was 1200 feet wide, and pouring hourly
300,000.000 cubic feet of water ovr the
lands along the Tensas' banks. The Bil'rs
levee is 8000 feet long, and most of it is so
weak that the break is exDected soon to
measure a mile in width, causing a great
loss to property.
In Madison and other parishes of North
Louisiana the amount of damage done to
big cotton plantations in Tensas and Oon
cordia is yet problematical. If the break
increases it will flood those parishes, be
sides inflicting a severe loss in the low
lands of Catahoula and Franklin.
The crevasse caused a fall in the river at
Vicksburg and all neighboring points,
and will check the rise below for a few
flays, but will only do harm by keeping
t c flood up much longer than was ex
l>ecied.
All the water going through the B'rss
crevasse will find its way into the Red
River through the Ouachita, and most of
it will return ultimately to the Missis
sippi in the next few weeks, causing a
prolonged strain to the levee.-? south of the
Red River. A portion of the levee will ue
down. The river is swollen ni Chafalnyti.
endangering all the sugar country near
that stream.
The town of Delta Is almost entirely
under water. It will be completely so by
morning. President Maxwell of the
Tensa* levee telegraphs to-day that other
levees mieht be saved.
Lieutenant-Governor Snyder says the
Biggs crevasse will overflow most of the
Tensas district. As the floo«l will con
tinue very late th.s year, far beyond the
planting season, it means tt at no crop
will be made in Tensas this year.
At New Orleans in some places the
water is nearly to the top of the levee.
VICKSBURG, Mips, April 7.— At 6
o'clock to-night the Mississippi was at the
52:1 foot stage, a fall of 4:10 feet in eight
een hour?, due to the crevasse in the Biggs
levee. Tne situation is appalling. The
rich Yazoo delta, 250 miles long and 76
wide, is a vast sea of water. Many valua
ble plantations are damaged to almost
their full value.
Davis Island, with 8000 acres of the most
fertile land in the valley, is covered by
NEW TO-DAT.
BEAUTIFUL
Soft, 'White Hands with Shapely Nails, Lnx»^
riant Hair with Clean, Wholesome Scalp, pro-
duced by Ccticura Soap, the most effective
skin purifying and beautifying soap in th»
world, as well as purest and sweetest, for
toilet, bath, and nursery. The only preTentiv©
of inflammation and clogging of the Pores. j
(uticura
Soap is .old throughout the world. Potte* Dbiio awd
Cnsu. Corp., Sole Prop*., Boston, U. 8. A.
or " How to Purify and Beautify the Skin, Scalp,
end Hair," mailed free. ' — ' > i \
DMDV UIIMnDC Itehinc and nealy. instantly r*-\
BAD I nUmUnO Sieved V Coticu«a Kbmcdim.
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when yon
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it. \ v
LEVI STRAUSS & CO'S
V K CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
Are made of the best materials.
Sewed with the best threads.
■• Finished in the best style.
EYERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
■ FOB SALS EVERYWHERE.
§£J^|3 for a picture of our i
Factory, we will mail one to you free •
- of charge.
WE EMPLOY OYER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO,
San Francisco,
California.2
-■:• :•': 'y-'xEvr TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
mmmmmimm mtt mmmtmmtimmit ,
| LIVINGSTON BROS. |
1 GreatßargainsforThisWeek 1
I TABLE LINEN, TOWELS AND i
| NAPKINS. i
B 3i
We shall inaugurate to-morrow (Monday), April r^|
10, the most EXTRAORDINARY LINEN SALE, ever
undertaken. The stock offered for this sale consists 3
SI of the Choicest Linens direct from the German and 12
SJ; Irish manufacturers, purchased by us FAR BELOW f3l i
z~~ the actual value. We are thus enabled to make
these
I UNPRECEDENTED OFFERINGS I
to the retail buyers. This is a rare chance to re- f^j
S= stock your Linen closets. =5 ;
1 BELOW WE QUOTE A FEW OF THE MASY SPECIALS i
g AWAITM YOUR NOTICE. 3
fc: At l^r EACH— SOO dozen Linen Huck Towels, size 41x23, good value at 3 !
g- ™l- IJC $3 a dozen. — •
SI At 'yZZf EACH— 3OO dozen German Linen Satin Damask Towels, 50x22, 13
g- '»*' * J^ knotted IrintP, excellent value at $4 50 a dozen. r^{
At fi^r A YARD— IOO pieces Double Satin Dama«k Bleached Table
j^z ML VfvJi* Linen, full 65 inches wide, all new designs, excellent value at "IS
j: 85c Jy
At **(\r A YARD— IOO pieces Half Bleached Table Linen, 73 Inches 3
m^. ML JUt wide, in choice designs, good value at 750 a yard. :^
£= At flfl A DOZEN— 2SO dozen Bleached Satin Damask Napkins.
El vJ7A«W size 9&x%, in all new designs, excellent value at $2 75 a doz- 12
l^^c - __ i
g 123 TO 129 POST STREET. =§
water many feet aeep. Thousands of
bead of horses and cattle have been lost.
Tue steamer St. Joseph to-day rescued
400 negroes near Davis Island in a pitiable
coudition, some being nearly drowned.
The negroes are demoralized and leaving
the flooded districts by hundreds. A few
have bee;i reported drowned.
NATCHEZ, MIBB., April 17.— The break
in Bedford's levee is pouring millions of
gallons of water into the delta. There is
now no more hope for any part of the
levee which remains.
YIDALIA, La., April 17.— The greatest
excitement prevails here, and every one is
making arrangements to move since the
break in the Bedford levee. The people
know the town must go under now.
FORT WAYNE, Inp., April 17.—Cap
tain Derby of the United States Engineer
Corps of New Orleans sent a bulletin this
morning to the Mississippi River Commis
sion, staung that the situation from Vicks
burg to New Orleans is extremely critical.
The levee is g:vinc way and the river is
Btill rising. The message says the levees
cannot stand further pressure, and serious
disasters are feared.
NOT SLAIN NEAR BALLARAT.
Supposed V.cfims ot Pan am in t Tom Notify
"The Call" That They Are Al.ra
and Well.
RANDSBURG, Cal., April 17. — The
following letters received by The Call
correspondent to-day are self-explanatory :
PLEASANT CANYON, Cal., April 16.-I am
alive; also Juliu6 Goldsmith and Frank Har
ris. Pananiiut Tom is in our employ and is
very docile. The Indians here are very quiet
and good workers; in fact, would trust myself
any piace with them. The report that went
ont must have originated from some diseased
brain, as no one has been killed here. Some
very rich strikes have been made lately. One
In Happy canyon assays on a three-foot ledge
o«rer $3000 per ton. William J. Langdon.
Dear J-'riend: Rhay, Davis «nd Sanborn, the
three Colorado prospectors, are safe. No kill
ing has been done. lam certain lam alive.
We are all well and prospects are bright. Will
be in iv a day or two. Rush tb is to The Call
so that all our folks will know that we are
alive. There was a big strike in Happy Can
yon. Rock went over $3000. Will verify
news when I come down. Regards to all.
W. J. Langdon.
JAILED AT fiAA LUIS.
Lawyer and Capit.Umt in Contempt of a
Justic- Court.
BAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal.. April 17—
Attorney Thomas Rhodes and a client,
Andrew Nelson, a capitalist, were fined
for contempt of court by Justice Arnold
of Paso Robles, and for refusing to pay
were committed to the County Jail here
this evening. Rhodes had filed a docu
ment asking for a change of venue
promulgating allegations which the
justice considered a reflection on his hon
esty, hence the commitment. The at
torney and client will apply for a writ of
habeas corpus in the Superior Court.
SnUMalito Jinat Pare.
SAUSALIXO, Cal., April 17.— An excit
ing boat race took place here yesterday
afternoon between two small boats from
the ships Travencore and Moreton, lying
off Sausalilo. G. D. Vance had command
of the Moreton's boat and L. Barlcclay of
t?. c , Tr * veu core's. The course was over
Kicnardsons Bay, and up to the time of
Map Showing the Advance of the Greeks Upon Grevena and the Cutting Off of
That Town.
As the general maps accesnble to tbe public show but little of the detail ol the country in which the insurgents
the rounding of the last buoy the Moreton
had *h* better of the race. Suddenly the
Travencore's boat iorged ahead and
crossed the line two minutes ahead of its
opponent. The race was for a trophy of
fered by Mrs. Pearce, wife of the captain
of the Moreton.
OFFICIAL PLUMS GARNERED.
Governor Buad Announces Appointments
to Positions on Three
Boards.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 17. -J. A.
Filcher, manager of the State Board of
Trade, Henry Fortman and C. Eidleman
were appointed members of the Hamburg
exposition committee and Dr. P. Tyrell
of Sacramento wa? appointed trustee of
the Preston school, vice Fayette Maae,
time expired.
Senator R. N. Bulla of Los Angeles,
after a long conference with Governor
Buad, to-day pgreed to accept the posi
tion of Code Commissioner. The Code
Commission now consists of A. Csminetti
T. W. Snanahan and R. N. Bulla.
The Governor iate this afternoon ap
pointed Dr. F. H. Metcalf of Sacramento,
Dr. Georsre F. Drucker of San Francisco,
and Dr. G. S. Eeckman of San Francisco,
10 fi.l th*» vacancies on the State Board
of Dental Examiners.
A. B. Humphrey of Routiers Station,
P. C. Cohn of Folsom and Charles A.
Luhrs of Sacramento were appointed as
members of the Folsom highway com-
Another Dunham Sutpect Caught.
DAVENPORT, Wafh., April 17.— F. C.
Thomas, Deputy Sheriff of Stevens
County, and Charles Brooks of Fruitland
came into town last evening having in
charge EJ Kelly, who is supposed to be
James C. Dunhmm, the California mur
derer. Last fall Kelly went down the
Columbia Valley on foot. It was sus
pected at that time that he was Dunhrm.
He was returning ten <iays ago, and was
arrested by Sheriff Denny of Stevens
Counly, but was released. He was seen
by Thomas and Denny at Colvilie on
Tuesday, when he attempted to hide, but
was followed and arrested.
fan l,uit Hey Accident.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. April 17. — Press
Hubbert w?s seriously wounded to-night
by the accidental discharge of a shotgun
in the hands of his little niece. Tne acci
dent occurred on Hubbert's ranch at San
Luis Rey, forty-nve miles northt-ast oi
tins city. Ti:e charge of shot passed
through a board partition before entering
Hubbert's neck. Had it not been for this
he would have been instantly killed. His
p. ysician says he may recover.
Budd Una Morgan* Rrtiynation,
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 17.— The
resignation of Attorney Morgan as notary
public of tne City of San Francisco has
been received at the Governor's office.
Morgan is the man who received sucn un
pleasant notoriety in the Alsip blackmail
case.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
ARMY OFFICERS
ON THE QUI VIVE
Leading Appointments
in the Hands of the
President.
Who Will Bo the Next Major-
General and Brigadier-
General?
Colonel Shatter's Nomination Is
Awaiting- Its Turn for Con
firmation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 17.-The
Call correspondent was told to-day that
there was no sipniticance in the delay of
the Senate in confirming the nomination
of Colonel Shatter an brigadier-general.
There are a number of nominations that
have not been acted upon yet by the Mili
tary Affairs Committee of the Senate.
Who will b« the next major-general and
brigadier-general in the army?
This question is being discussed with
much interest in military circles. The
height of an army officer's ambition is to
attain the rank of a general officer.
Colonels aspire to be brigadier-generals,
and brigadier-generals look hopefully
forward toadvancement to the grade
of major-general.
Only a few days ago President McKinley
made bis first appointment as major-gen
eral and brigadier-general. For the for
mer grade ha nominated Brigadier-Gen*
| eral Frank Wheaton ana for tue latter
grade Colonel William R. Shafter.
General Wheaton retires the Btb of next
month. His leaving the active list will
make a vacancy in the grade of major
general, to which some brigadier-general
will be appointed. The advancement of
an officer of the latter rank will create a
vacancy in that grade. The probabilities
seem to be that Brigadier-General John
11. Brooke, over whose head General
Wheaton was advanced, will be named by
the President as the next major-general.
General Brooke has an excellent record
and is a thoroughly efficient and deserv
inc officer.
in nominating Colonel Shatter as briga
dier-general, President McKinley estab
lished the precedent of promoting colonels
in the order of seniority.
Colonel Shatter was the senior colonel
at the time of his selection. Army offi
cers, therefore, reason that the President
will follow tho same rule in naming the
next brigadier-general. If this is the case
Colonel Henry C. Merriam ol the Seventh
Infantry would be the next colonel who
would have the good lortune of getting s.
star. A friend of Colonel Merriam is
authority lor the statement that that offi
cer feels confident of being nominated. It
is nevertheless a fact that a number of
other colonels of the line are hopeful of
being appointed.
Speculation in military circles is to the
effect that it is probable that the Presi
dent wtll especially consider the records
and fitness of three colonels — Merriam,
Anderson and Wade — who stand respec
tively one, two, three in the order of sen
iority among the colonels of the line.
An officer of the army, speaking of the
probabilities yesterday, pointed out the
fact ihut if the President does not adhere
to the rule of seniority it would be possi
ble for him to have at hit disposal the ap
pointment of no less than eight brigadier
generals in the course of his term. The
officer said that there were a number of
colonels of the line who were deserving of
promotion and who would retire on ac
count of age in the course of the next four
years. The officer had no knowledge of
the President's intentions.
The consensus of opinion among array
officers is that the President will appoint
General Brooke a major-general when
General Wheaton retires, and that the se
lection of a briaadier-general will be con
fined to Colonels Merriam, Anderson and
Wade.
By direction of the President the follow
ing transfer is made: Post Quartermaster-
Sergeant Horace E. Myrick, now at San
Carlos, Ariz., to the Presidio of San Fran
cisco. Cal., to relieve Post Quartermaster-
Sergeant Homer W. Newman. The leave
of absence cranted First Lieutenant F.
Davis, First Cavalry, Department of Cali
fornia, is extended two months by the
Secretary of War.
SUITS AT bAU&AJLITO ROBBED.
r.ay Pirate* l.ont Britlith Teasels in
lUchardion* Bay.
SAUBALITO, Cal., April 17.— Five Eng
lish ships lying at anchor in Richardsons
Bay, off Sausalito, were robbed last night
by bay pirates, who took anything they
could lay their hands on. The ships were
the Kensington, Snaigow, Moreton, Pe
gasus and Fairport. Their captains came
into town to-day and reported that during
the night the vessels had been looted of
much movable material. They sought the
services of the Constable and Town Mar
shal, who set out to discover the culprits.
Although a diligent search has been
made no clew has been obtained. It is
believed that ihe pirates came from San
Francisco in small boat?. They ob:ained
many valuables in the officers' qum-ters on
the vessels, especially on the Moreton,
wnere they got some of the captain's curi
osities. After they overhauled the vessels
they made off under cover of darkness
and left no traces behind by which they
might be located.
SAN DIEGO'S NEW BREWERY.
Formal Opening of tha Largest Manufac
turing Plant in Southern
California.
B^N DIEGO, Cau, Aoril 17.— 1n the
presence of an audience of 3030 native
San Diegans and visitors to the cuy from
Loa Angeles and elsewhere, tha San Diego
Brewery, which enjoys the distinction of
being the largest manufacturing estab
lishment on the Pacific Coast south of
San Francisco, was this afternoon formal
ly opened for business.
The brewery, which is the finest plant
of its kind in the southwest, was projected
in this city about eieliteen months a^o by
John G. Hinkei, John C. "Wunder aud
other capitalists of Minneapolis and Chi
cago.
Since that time Judge Schaeffer of Los
Angeles, John D. Spreckels and a number
of others have become largely interested
until now the plant, including land,
buildings, machinery and stock, is valued
at a cool $200,000. Its product, as sampled
by 2000 people to-day, is equal to any pro
duced in ihe United States.
The brewery site cons sts of twenty
acres of ground lying on the bay front,
with fine wharfage facilities, and traversed
by the Southern California Railroad and
plenty of switches to facilitate exporta
tion of stock. The buildings are eight in
number and include tne brewnouse, malt
house, bottling-house, wash house, office,
ice factory and stables nnd the cottage of
the superintendent. The eeneral ma
terial used in its construction was San
Dieeo granite, red brick, iron and steel,
while ihe floors are of cement.
From forty to sixty men will be em
ployed from the start, and Manager Wun
der expects to increase the number to 100
belore tne year is out. Agencies have
been opened throughout Southern Cali
fornia, Arizona and Lower California.
The present capacity o 1 the brewery is 125
barrels a day, or 40,000 barrels a year.
This can be increased without additional
expense for machinery to 120,000 barrels a
year.
Big orders for beer have been received
from the surrounding territory, and the
institution starts with every promise of a
successful future. The brewery people
came to San Diego practically without
sol citation, and no subsidy has been paid
them for the locating of the plant here.
DESERTER CAUGHT AT SAN JOSE.
Soldier Who Fled From Army Life Reveals
His Identity by Talking in
His Sleep.
BAN JOSE, Cal., April 17.- Jesse Hen
derson, a uetty larceny thief doint? a six
month term in the County Jail, has been
identified as a deserter from the United
States army at Vancouver barracks.
Washington. He was arrested several
months apo at Mountain Viw for burg
lary, but the charge was subsequently
reduced to petty larceny. At that time
he had a hve-year-old son with him, and
tne boy is now in the Orphans' Home
here.
Henderson is addicted to talking in his
sleep, ana his cellmates frequently heard
liim sueak of Vancouver barracks. This
was reported to Jailer Black and an inves
tigation begun. It was learned that Jesse
Matlock, who answers Henderson's de
scription perfectly and who deserted from
the army on June 14, 1896. and Henderson
are one and the same person. When con
fronted with the evidence the pri-oner
admitted he was Matlock. At the expira
tion of bis term h« will be taken to the
Preeidio.
Guardianihip for Hoburg.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 17.— W. H. Ho
bur? ha 3 applied to tue court for letters of
guardianship over his brother, Frank T.,
Hoburg, the £an Francisco attorney, now
held in this city on a charge of insanity.
Tne hearing comes up next Friday. In
tne meantime Harry McCiintock has been
appointed a Deputy Sheriff to take charge
of the unlortuna c man. Hoburg will be
allowed his freedom tq some extent and
be locked up at night. A* soon as letters
of guardianship can be obtained Hoburg
will be taken to San Francisco and cared
for by relatives.
7*f«»intn<; for a County Fair.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 17.— The ques
tion of holding an old-time county fair,
with stock exhibits and horseracing, this
fall is being considered by the Board of
Tradel It is believed such a fair could be
made a success, and A. C. Daroy, J. P.
Fay and W. T. Adel liav-* been appointed
to ascertain the possibility of having races
and slock exhibits in connection with a
horticulture and vititulturai fair. Last
year the Agricultural Association was un
able to till tiie entries for the races and
they were declared off.
Clttnntn ku\pect» Aequitttd.
BAN JOSE, Cal., April 17.— After eight
hours' deliberation <be jury in the case of
Ah Louie Youne, See Quon and Ah Fung
Gun, charged with robbing Look Lee Bing
last night, returned a verdict of not
guilty.
Tint ,h Train Kobtmry Suiptcti.
OGDEN, Utah, Ap-il 17.— The news of
the arrest and examination of James True
at Sacramento, Cal.. on a charge of rob
bing the overland train at Uintaii has
created dec ded activity among the peace
officers of this locality and it is rumored
that other arrests will follow shortly. It
is said there are no less than eight other
persons who were to have taken part in
the robbery, but the robber who boarded
the train made a mistake in the locality
in which they were waiting for him to
stop the train, ran past the party some
three miles and then had to rub the train
sinirle-handed ana hold it until nis com
panions came up.
Body fount at San Diego.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., April 17.— A head
less corpse float inc past the Santa Fe
wharf this morning attracted the atten
lion of a policeman. The body was re
covered, and removed to the morgue,
where it was identified as that 01 A am
Synderiiauff, a German laborer, who mys
steriously disappeared three weeks ago.
Synden.auff had threatened suicide. He
was ud married.
Importing JUexiean Cattle.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. April 17.— The pro
rossd raise in the tariff on lire cattle im
ported from Mexico, which will go into
effect with the passage of the Dlngley
tariff bill, ia causing a big influx of
Mexican cattle into this territory. Seyeral
thousand head will be brought in within
the next six weeks.
Waihinnton JMur<f«r«r In T.uc't.
SEATTLE Wabh., April 17. -Governor
Rogers tc-day commuted to life impris
onment the sentence of William Carey,
condemned to be hanged on Fririav neit
for the murder, in December 1896, of a
nalf-breeJ Indian woman.
IN THE DRAGNET
OF A GRAND JURY
Dr. Hunter and Other
Kentucky Statesmen
Indicted.
Charged With Attempting to
Bribe Three Members of
the Legislature.
Said to Be a Conspiracy to Defeat
the Republican in the Sena
torial Race.
FRANKFORT, Ky., April 17. -The
dragnet of the Grand Jury caught not
only Dr. Godfrey Hunter, Senatorial can
didate, but ex-Congressman John H. Wil
son, E. T. Franks, Captain Noel Games
and Thomas R. Tanner. The charge is
conspiracy to bribf. Warrants were at
once issued, the men arrested and put un
der bonds of $25U each. Judge Cantriil
said he would grant an immediate trial if
desired, otherwise ho would assign the
cases for the September term. No deci
sion has vst been reached by the defend
ants.
The indictment charges all the men
with conspiracy to bribe three members
of the Legislature with $5000 each to in
duce them to vote for Hunter. Hunter
said: "The whole thing is a conspiracy.
1 will continue to be a candidate."
The joint session of the Legislature to
ballot for United States Senator was a
very brief one. Rollcall was dispensed
with. One vote was cast for each of the
candidates as a matter of form, and the
session then adjourned.
The indictment resulted from charges
made oy Captain Noel G.iines and his
brother-in-law. Captain Thomas Tanner.
Hunter, the Republican candidate for
United States Senatoi, needed three votes
to secure his election. Many ballots had
been taken, but still the three needed
votes could not be obtained. Games
stated that about this time a proposition
was made to him to secure the three votes
and he was offered $5000 for each vote.
This statement by Games was corrob
orated by Tanner, who said that he had
been summoned to the room of ex-Con
gressman John H. Wilson, who was act
ing as Hunter' i manaser, and shown $20, -
000, which, he was tolJ, would be paid for
four votes. H • swore that there had been
a number of conferences of a similar char
acter on the subject.
On the other side, the men accused of
offering the bribe emphatically denied
that any such offer had bean made. Wil*
son made a statement assertine that he
had been notified by Hon. E. T. Franks
that Games wished to see him, and that
Games had said that he could get three
members of the Legislature to vote for
Hunter for $5000 apiece. According to
Wilson's story Franks suspected that it
was a political trick intended to place
Hunter in some kind of compromising
position, and it was decided advisable that
be (Wilton) should-go to meet Games.
He did to, and Games told him that he
could <ieliver three votes for $15,000, but
wanted $1000 for himself. Wilson refused
to have anything to do with it, and then
Guines threatened that he would get them
all in trouble unless naid the $1000.
This story told by Wilson was corrob
orated by both Hunter, who denied all
knowledge of Games and Tanner, and by
Franks.
The charges caused intense excitement
and were generally regarded as an
attempt to defeat Ranter. The charges
so far have had little effect, as he has re
tained all his strength. Whether his sup
porters will continue faithful to him afUr
he has been indicted remains to be seen.
Rmtritrrl to fionomn'a f'riaon.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April 17 —James
M. Samuels, wno escaped from the County
Jail in this city on Thursday morning,
was captured last nicht. The capture was
made in Oregon Canyon, twenty miles
west of Santa Rosa, by A. W. Chenowith
and W. F. Taylor of Occidental, who re
turned the elusive Samuels to the authori
ties this morning. Samuels was walking
along t£e county road barefooted, with
shoes in bis hands, and surrendered only
when confronted by two loaded rifles.
Impure Blood.
Rheumatism. Kidney Troubles and
Sick Headache the Results— Doc-
tored for Years Without Relief.
"My blood was out of order and I be-
gan taking Hood's Sarsaparilla. It has
purified my blood and relieved me of
rheumatism, kidney trouble and sick
headaches. I have been afflicted with
these difficulties for years. lam now able
to do a good day's work. Rheumatism
has troubled me since I was a child, bat I
am now entirely welL" Miss Ph<sbe Bai-
ley, box 445, Pasadena, California.
"I have suffered from the effects of im-
pure blood,- boils, pimples, etc., for five'
years. I have tried various remedies with-
out relief and finally. .purchased six bot-
tles of Hood's Sarsapariila. The boils and
pimples have all disappeared since I be-
gan taking this medicine. I am now en-
tirely cured." Louis Thomas, 1412 11th
street, Oakland, California.
Unnrl'e Sarsa-
nOOCl S parilla
Is the best— fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Sold by all druggists. $1; six for $5.
Hood's Pllls^Y^^A^afe'Sg:
druggist CATARRH
For a generous SHPS^^^Mfi
10-CENTJRIAL SIZE |^S
CREAM BALM |T™*syj
CREAM BALM JL^JM
Contains no cocaine, taer- H HSr?o(^-^W
cury or auy other Injurious PP^N vJ-^w^K
T*op«ni and cleans the fjAl.fl II HE 1 1)
Xasal Vaasages, Allays Palo vvLIF IlUllf
and Inflammation Hea'sand Protect! th« Mem-
brane. Restores the senary of Tas.e and Smell.
Jsquicniy absorbed. Gives relief at once. 60 c:s
'isuor'o », llrmltl; TrUl Sl " lOc - at Dru *
KLY BKOIHERB, 58 Warren St.. New York
D D 1 1 C lI C O ° R BARBER* BA».
HKIIaS H P **»• bootblacks, bat*
VllUVllkVboun billiard - table!
owwers,^ bookbinders, candy-makers, canner?
dyers, ■;- flourmUU, foundries, > laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factorie* siaui*.
■ten. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc "•"•*■■
»,.,. ( , m BUCHANAN BROS.,
-~~^^-^.~-^^^-^^ NEW TO-DAY-CLOTHING. „.,„„„„„„„ l\ . .
SPECIAL FEATURES
For the entire week at the big Kearny -street House,
•£s these goods sell out others will be supplemented,
ytTn / LADIES' BANDBOWS,
': V\ • I / In the latest plaids, also in
. . j i '■'-. navy, garnet and black and the
i atm go n iid T | CC Roman stripes which are very
LADIES CLUB llt£>, beautiful, Some stores get las
Or more familiarly known as high as 50c for them. Special
the String Tie, in high-grade with us at
silks, in plaids', all the clans 15 Cents.
represented, . and in Roman — : - : —
stripes and plain solid colorings, _ ■» ,
50c in most stores. Special with AjL
15 Cents. / £^Iq\T^\
§ BOYS' NIGHT ROBES,
vWs%in^mfc\ Extra long and extra wide,
iJg^^n^'JKfso\ — patent continuous facings and
Mffl^wT^V 5 W^J gussets, made from good, heavy
zScWfIW &M..W cloth; the embroideries are all
K»HS§§|§re£' new an specially designed for
PERCALE WAISTS. : ;.'- Mj? *IIK^
Some 600 dozen Boys' Percale u;\]*+. ft
Waists, pleated front and back. V^»#ty
sizes 4 to 13 years, what you'll
pay in other stores 50c for. Spe- /v^lllj ' :^^^^
15 Cents - f^f^^^^^k
PERCALE WAISTS. tf \ V^^Tf . •
Some 300 dozen Garner's Per- \tt | . \ iff . ■&ss&&
cale Waists for boys, laundered, m I■M. , § : I
very swell goods, goods that you &}■ sf\ >l^^ 1 &'
pay in other stores 95c and 75c fLj W <ilHn 'i//'^
for; the colorings are entirely ■ L^t
new, representing everything Mill M
that's swell in stripes and checks, ,^. piV- r : . , .J"^
sizes 4to with the new By- . |^.. ; 'pffi^^^® T
on collar turn. Special at i.. \ f^^pia :
5O Cents. v*i : ; #M^^l3
P^^^:V r^j^^ crash blouses. ; !
SAILOR TAMS. -"^ ■ ■ Oicr new Crash Blouses for lit'
a- ■-■' nAn ; -"i ■■- ''?*"?~Z .7 i tie fellows between- the i ages' / of'&
Some £00 dozen Boys Sailor and 3, with deep sailor collar.
Tarns, made from blue cloth embroidered front, tie to match,
with white trimmings, the kind are per ect dreams, the loveliest-
that you usually pay oOc for. things you've ever seen; some,
special at exceptionally high-class ones ab
25 Cents. . $1 SI 45 an ISi 95.
BOYS' STRAWS, MM.ill^MJllM-.-H'illUJ«J Ci mm ■«! in **
The suncess of last week's sale m^^flUnjr^^^^^^Sl^^
that. Special at * SAILOR SUITS. ■
8O Cents. Have you seen those Swell
f*^&&l "* Suits of ours in our Juvenile
JjS&gfl&k\. Department? They're the very
r M>* iS \ richest and very swellest thing,
I fr* FjW V richly embroidered. While on
§E?iglish Twine - cloth shown
Suits of ours in our Juvenile
Department/ They're the very
richest and very steeliest thing,
richly embroidered. While on
the second floor ask to be shown
LADIES' COLLARS, ETC. /k^
Of course you know we're head- |\s>i^ — A ii
quarters for Ladies' Collars and V fSlr'UaP^^s^A i'
Cuffs, also for Ladies' Neck- \, ™^^»f,,,
wear: our styles are entirely ''^■■■'M^Wf^m^^^Al^-''
new and original: Collars, 15c C*m<\ P|l v." :>
and 20c; Cuffs, 20c. ■ •
Fauntleroy Blouses. 3 *- — '
Several new styles of Fauntle- \. • . , ''frftjl {^
roy Blouses arrived very late ■'|lv*<<Sw^
Saturday afternoon, too late to ' '^ \O^jy
J "ft« : M , slcen L.dies' Walking- Hats,
ideas in the tan shades, also the The very latest effects in Crash
white lawn goods, with their an d Cloth, with quill feather,
wealth of open work and rich very swell things ; also in plain
trimmings, which will com- navy , Havana brown, bronze,
mend themselves on si*ht. The green and ecru. You couldn't
collars are deep, all made with touch 'em in the exclusive mill-
turnback cuffs Special at 75c inery-shops under $2. Special,
95c, $1 25, $1 95 and $2 ' 75 Cents.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED),
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street
. . FRISCO'S MOST .POPULAR HOUSE,GREEDY BRITONS
CAUSE DISGUST
Protest Againstthe Wild
Speculation in the
Jubilee.
Foreign Complications That
Are Now Attracting Re
newed Attention.
There Appears to Be a Good Pros.
pect for a War With the
TransvaM Republic.
[Copyrighted 1897, by the New York Bub.]
LONDON, Eno., April 17.— Popular dis
gust in London over the sordid specula
tion into wmch the Queen's jubilee cele
bration has degenerated is now well nigh
universal. The matter has become a
scandal which is nothing less than a na
tional shame and disgrace. Labouchere
makes a comparison of his own country
men with the people of Paris on a some
what similar occasion which ought to
bring Londoners to their senses. Ha
says!
"Some months ago the Emperor visited
Paris. For several weeks before he came
Parisians worked nmhtand day to deco
rate the streets through which he was to
pass and to prepare a magnificent recep
tion for the tuest whom they wished to
honor. Ingenious minds devised decora
tions and men of taste combined to se
cure artistic effect and unity of desien.
The result of these labors was eminently
successful. Two months from now we are
to celebrate in London a remarkable event
in the history of Britain, an event which
will be memorable so long as the history
of our race is told, and the whole ener
gies and whole ingenuities of Londoners
are directed to selling seats."
This in literally true and the rebuke
might justly be made more emphatic
Nothing is now heard in connection with
the coming jubilee except schemes of one
sort or other for making money. Every
body except the speculators themselves
fervently hopes there will be a big col
lap«e in the jubilee before "the ereat day"
arrives and that the greedy plungers will
be badly bitten.
There is every indication that Salisbury,
Cnamberlain ana the Government will
persist in the mad policy of fomenting
trouble with the Transvaal Republic The
most significant point in the situation is
in the fact mat the rate of Lloyd for in
surance against war between Britain and
the Transvaal the next six months has
risen to 15 per cent, and many consider
the managers foolhardy to accept risks on
these terms. Sir Alfred Miiner hastened
his departure to the Cape a fortnight, sail
ing to-day, to take over the governorship
of South Africa to enforce Lord Rosse
mead's departure. Tha only really hope
ful sign in the situation is the fact that
Sir Alfred will soon be in command at
Cape Town. He is a cenuinely strong,
honest man and above suspicion, not
being in any way identified with the con
**>ir«cf agAioat the Boers or any other dis
repu'aole scheme lor the extension of the
British Empire.
After nearly twelve months of denials,
equivocations, admissions and repudia
tions between diplomats in London
and Paris, whereof only the faintest
reports reached the outside world,
it is now placed beyond doubt that there
is a French expedition snugly estab
lished in the Upper Nile and tacitly chal
lenging Egypt's right to the territory
which Egypt's virtual suzerain, England,
had in set terms declared indisputably
Egyptian. Nine or ten months ago an ac
count was cabled the San of the mysterious
movements of this expedition and the
suspicion that its real meaning was to
induce the British Government to under
take operations against the Dervishes. It
was too early to publicly admit an ad
vance to Dongola was actually directed
against French intrigues, and the govern
ment, therefore, had to assign vari
on» reasons, not one of which was logical
or convincing, for the apparently mean
ingless policy exasperated opponents and
puzzled friends. It the forward move
ment in that part of Africa was necessary
10 British interests a year aeo, it is im
perative now that the French Govern
ment has blindly admitted a French force
under Lieutenant Liotard, an officer of the
regular French army, who will certainly oc
cupy a portion of Babrelghazel, if not a
sbore of the Nile itself.
Salisbury'^ policy will compel England
now to go as far as Khartoum, possibly
farther, to the boundary of Uganda, which
latter country the people seem to forget is
now British and which in fullness of time
may play an important part in the Anglo-
French struggle for supremacy of the
Dark Continent. Sir Charles Dilke re
gards the French movements in the Upper
Nile at vast importance. He would like
the situation cleared up and to that end
will queition the Government in the
Commons immediately after the Easter
recess.
The latest phase of this Anelo-French
competition for Africa has developed on
the west coast, where England is showing
a disposition to Interfere with Liberia.
This carious blacK republic, founded by
emancipated slaves from the United States
Republic, is heavily in debt and England
has benevolently undertaken to lend it
money, which the French rightly fear is
a preliminary step to a close alliance or
even suzerainty.
White, Charge d'Affaires, had a long in
terview with Sanderson, Acting Foreign
Secretary, to-day in reference to the pres
enratiou of seals. The report of Professor
Darcy Thompson and associates, who
ntudied the question in behalf of Great
Britain and Canada, will be published in
a few days. .
for xh*. Ml nit hi. of tmcKNiai.
JotepH E. H'Uy Orertnk-n Ji«ar the
Canadian Line.
SOMERSWORTH, N. H. t April 17.—
Joseph E. Kelly was arrested to-day at
Quebec Junction, on this side of the Cana
dian line, for the murder of Joseph A.
Stickney, cashier of the Great Falla Na
tional Bank.
Kelly had been out of funds for some
time and shortly after the murder was dis
covered yesterday it was - learned that he
h d left town ostensibly to go fishing.
Officers pursued the express train on a
chartered engine, capturing him in the
nick of time. .. .
77i* Trnnm- ■' i««ot«rt < ate.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 17.— Joseph
F. Dillon, counsel for the Union Pacilic.
" Missouri Paoific and St. Joseph and Grand
Island companies, liled in the Supreme
Court to-day a petition for » rehearing in
the Trans-Missouri case.
NEW TO-DAT.
"^f^&jvX^^^ \ 1 nD\\\ //xVT^v^^ tlie most overwhelming and success/, , I sale ever |ll
\wß^^^V^rriBr ' l ' nP^llili^ // I/I W !\/^ A Xffi course we expected a big crowd ; we always have a Wpi Wk
ytßS^fyl \^M^ I^^^^^Pv II / I^//V big crowd o?i Saturday, but we were surprised, com- vV
'^^^Ml \^w i^^^^^^. J / U-* ■• ■ 4 ..- - "^'L^/ \ pletely taken at surprise; to find the crowds that I| gT
\ Tfe-^a • 'A^&^jH^BSTTifyv *" " ! C^ I" i K \ gatJiered in the big store Saturday — simply another 1m
\^^»^j \ X \ w^^K^^i' / * * / I\ \ V roo f °f M' p appreciation of a legitimate house €m- *^ J»
\\S^ v^ |\ .■ \ v^^S:!^S^J fei. / C) // \ 1 which conducts its business on legitimate lines, «F^
V^^l : J 1 I \v^^^H™»fife^ d© 1 '/ / witlwut any of the airy artifices and subterfuges of
J^j^h 1/ ' \ x \/^|SKJlf|^3^-S^^^ It was scarce hf noon Saturday before the aisle-
/^7^\ £? \x \ x^r^B^B^^^S./^^) ways of our Men's Suit Room were choked and
y^r^J JL^^——- -^ \ ~- V^>, ll^^^^-^^^^^^f^^ "^ It was scarcely noon before we called upon our
'^-^ . ' v \ //•-=- /- //* "{/ ■ C^\ reserve force and assistance from our other depart-
\ V\\ ' %^^K^^^© merits to serve the throngs and masses that at- :
Wm; A RETURN COMPLIMENT. :
Wv'\» v^V/ jjjgi^^jk*;]lllljl Such an unusual compliment tendered to a mercantile house deserves some recognition from us, and this morning our \
forces will be at work getting ready to give you six days more of this wonderful sale of high-class Fabrics of high-class
<^?*_ Suits, of those fine English Top Coats, of those very sw ell garments tliat equal any other store's $15 goods. We willgive
"Is you another six days of 3 em as a return compliment at
(nciriririnrinnnrinrsTririnnnnr^^ pryffTTrcTnroTroTro*rcnro^ rvirtrirsTnnrirvTririnrinnr^^ a a a a 6i*\
]° The Suits represent the embodiment of fash- 3 G The fabrics consist largely of those Athlon 3 £ The Cutaway \can be found, in this collection :; %
iS ion, refinement and good taste the colorings 3 c Scotches, which are so fashionable these days, % e also the Single- Breasted Sack without the top %
j° are harmonious with the season; both light, 3 £in Havana browns, grayish colorings, greenish °j g breast pocket, which is the correct thing. Ask %
E dark and medium shades. 3 £ effects. The real swell stuff . The real things. | ■\% any swell tailor and he will tell you that's right. °
6 "" THF TOP COATS 3 F Then there's those high-class English Chevi- § jo The Double- Breasted Sack, also without the top 3
fe m 7i c 7/L ww^'^" i L 3 fe ots in blues and blacks, what correct dressers 3 C breastpocket ; it lets the garment hang smoother, %
g Ttiose swell Spring Overcoats, the short ones, a g like so much 3 2 it looks richer. These garments are in line with g
jo f/ig medium lengths, in rich tan Covert Cloths, 3^ , T7  , H P <$oadtn<stp, Tlipvp'* n rirtnipw nhmif Vw thai'* H
S with satin sleeve hinings, very swell garments, 2 6 7 These are the class of Garments that brought | g \
E in correct form. 3 E /ie throngs to the Big Store yesterday. 3 g aos^ nx ™ rue ciotnes o/ 77^ost stores. 3
'" Again Monday at 3 '* Six more days of 'em at ; 3 £ Another six days of 'em at V
f $8.50. | I $8.50. I I $8.50. |
Q.flJL9..g P.8.P..P.,P-P-g.9.iLPJLa-fi-R JLPJLPJLP.JLHJLPJUI SJUIAJUIJLPJIiLPJIiULPJLPJIjU Cfi. gJULPJLP.JLPJLgJUIJISLPJLPJIiLP^ PJLg.PJLg.AJ . CogQQQg&QPOP oop o o 000 9_QJLO_9_P. 9 o_9 P_9. ft 9 P 9PAP, P 9ft 9A9. 9 P9p p. p A*^
~uj~ui~i-r^~i>~ur>_r^_rxj~i_r^_rTi_j-^-rxj'^
9, XX, 13 and 15 Kearny Street-
TT7STO S33NTTIJEI.33 EUUjDIJVGS O PLOOnS.
HOUSE BUILT TO ITS PRESENT MAGNITUDE THROUGH ITS HAYING AT ALL TIMES KEPT FAITH WITH THE BUYING PUBLIC.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Senator Perk ns Arranges for ihe Sending
of a Company of Infantry to
ihe Yukon Valley.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 17.—Sen
ator Perkins lias had conferences with the
Secretaries of War, Treasury and Interior
concerning the Ynkon Valley (Alaska)
troubles. He saw Becretery Alger to-day.
It has been agreed by the secretaries to
send a company of infantry there com
ma- d d by a colonel, who shall be given
extraordinary powers; that there shall be
appointed a United States Commia»ione.r
at Circle City. The Secretary of the In
terior will appoint a surveyor to survey
the mining claims, and the Secretary of
tne Treasury with detail an officer of the
Internal Revenue Service.
Senator Perkins snys the news will be
gladly received by the Americans in that
region, as tnese provisions will do much
to protect American interests there.
Eli I> -unison of Oakland left to-day for
New York, whence he will travel on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL .18, 1897.
toward home. He is convinced of the
hopelessness of his candidacy for Super
intendent of the Mint.
Judce C. pepulvedaof Los Anceles, wno
has been in Mexico as secretary of the le
gation, will return to Los Angeles and
resume the practice of law", as he has been
superceied by McCreery of Michigan.
The following California Postmasters
were appoimed to-day: Fall River Mills,
Shasta County, M. O. Moors, vice T. H.
Newman, removed; Monticeilo, Napa
County, W. R. M<Kenz:e, vice C. H.
Manning, removed; La Honda, San Ma
teo County, L. M. Sears, vice W. G.
Raney, removed.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — John Cruft, Oat
land: Jacob A. Hefflebower, The Palm;
Charles M. Cook, San Francisco. Addi
tional, special— John W. Dugger, Colfax.
Restoration and increase — Samunl Coffin,
Oakdaie. Increase, special — Joseph d.
Wyman, Oakland. Reissue and increase —
James A. Goodman, Selma. Original
widows, etc. — Anna F. Cain, Sierra City.
Reissue special, special — Elizabeth L. Lar
rabee, San Francisco.
Oregon: Original — Jesse W. Rigby,
iiood River; John 8. Gilke«on, Roseburg.
Washington: Original— Levi B. Get
c'.ell, Sieilacoom; Andrew J. Ulark, Ta
coma; ADdrew J. Morton, Spokane.
Thoie Senate Cotntnitttet.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 17.— The
deadlock over committee appointments in
the Senate was broken to-day by the
agreement between the Republican-Demo
crat steerii.g committee for filling the va
cancies. Under the plan agreed on the
Finance Committee is to remain as now
constructed, with six Republicans, six
Democrats and [senator Jones of Nerada
holding the balance of power.
lh' Arbitration Treaty.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 17.—
Chaiiman Davis of the Foreign Relations
Committee to-iiay had an interview with
the President concerning the vote on the
arbitration treaty on . Monday. Later
Davis saiii: "Tlii» instrument has been
banging fire long enough. I feel con
fident the requisite number of votes can
be secured on Monday to ratify the
treaty."
TARIFF RATES TOO HiGH.
They Will Be Materially Reduced on
Almost Every Schedule and ihe
Bill Passed by July 1.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 17.— 1t is
quite probable that the Dingley tariff bill,
now in course of revision by the Finance
Committee, will be reported to the Senate
April 26. The business of the Senate is
now so arranged that the decks can be
clerired for the consideration of the bill
almost immediately after it is reported.
During the past week a determined con
certed effort was made by the friends of
high rates on all important schedules to
force their views upon the committee, but
there is no good reason to suppose they
will succeed. The sub-committee took
hold of the work of revising the bill, with
the result that the rates were found too
high on almost all schedules, and it can
be stated on authority that the bill will
provide for a material reduction in rates
on almost every schedule. Senators of all
parties aeree that the bil will not pass the
Senate much bejore July 1.
RALEIGH, N. C, April 16.— Senator
Marcus A. Hanna, in an interview to-day,
said that he thought the Dingley bill will
be passed by the middle of June.
JL CiriL SB It HC MS I'JiOTKST.
Cotntnli sinner* ■ t'nll ■on President JUe-
Kinlrit and Object to Kemoral*.
WASHINGTON. D. C, , April 17.— Toe
Civil Service Commissioners called in a
body on the President this afternoon.
They entered a protest against the action
of different Cabinet officers in removing
men who were presumed to be protected
by the civil service law.' They protested
particularly., against the removal ; of ex-
Chief Clerk Rennick of the State Depart
ment. They saia the removel of persons
in the classified service is a violation of
law.
Axman Bristow has been maintaining
the record of the former nxman, Steven
son. A great slaughtering of the inno
cent has taken place within the last three
days, 334 murth-class Postmasters being
removed. General Bristow has been work
ing over 100 Postma-ters commissioned
daily, in conuecion with work laid out
for ex-Secreiary John Foster and Assist
ant Secretary Humiin.
Metal*. Exported J-rotn Mexico.
CITY OF MEXICO, Mexico, April 17.—
The Government has just published in the
Diario an official statement showing the
exports from Mexico for the first half of
the fiscal year 1896-97., The exports of
precious m-tals were 787,926 as against
$31,556,414 ; for the same period of ,1895-96.
There is a notable increase in the exporta
tion in gold and a marked falling off in
silver. Gold ores show a rise from $83,343
to $129,662. while gold bullion advanced
from $2,541,719 to $2, 829, 090. The export
of gold in aiJ other forms also showed a
decided gain. ' "■
♦
Japan is filled from end to end with all
the apparatus of the latest civilization,
down to the electric car and the . interna
tional exhibition. •- ■,
34
IS NOT WEARING
A REED COLLAR
Leader Bailey Replies to
the Malcontents of
His Party.
Denounces Certain Intima
tions as Infamous and
Malicious.
Says He Prefers Republican Pros
perity to Democratic Depres
sion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 17.— Bland
to-day performed a possibly unintentional
service for the Democratic party in the
House. He wanted to get in a reeolution
of inquiry at to the status of the Pacific
railroads litigation, and the refusal of
Dingley to permit him had the effect of
bringing the Democrats solidly together
upon the question of a three-day adjourn
ment for the first time; but although the
Populists lent their aid the Democrats
were unable to affect the result of the vote
and the House adjourned till Wednesday.
The proceedings partook largely of the
character of a Democratic caucus — so
niucn so that Grosvenor facetiously made
the point of order that they should not be
permitted to occupy the time of the ses
sion.
W. A. Stone was inc'ined to permit
their continuance, saying that never be
fore had he attended a Democratic caucus,
and he wanted to see it through. But
later he evinced weariness and tried to
btop the talk.
Bailey and De Armond addressed the
House, setting forth reasons which they
believed should actuate the minority.
They each bpoke to questions of personal
privilege. Bailey based his remarks upon
a publication in the Washington Times,
denouncine him and those who stood with
him as wearing "Reed collars," in the
hope that it would benefit them in com
mittee assignments.
"This," said Bailey, speaking with great
deliberation, "is an infamous and ma
licious lie, and whoever aided in giving it
circulation is an infamous and malicious
liar."
In anticipation of a continuation of the
proceedings of last Saturday, the House
galleries were crowded to suffocation, and
every member in the city was present.
After having disposed of the "Reed col
lar" matter. Bailey said it was due to his
friends to state the attitude of the Demo
cratic party toward the matter in ques
tion. That no useless opposition be made
to the execution of the Republican pro
gramme lor securing tariff legislation was
the attitude, he said, of the leaders of the
Democrats in the Senate and the leading
Democratic papers. If Democrats failed
or relused to join the Republicans in mak
ing a test of whether or not a high tar ff
under a gold standard would briap
prosperity, the country would have the
right to charge that they were not con
sistent.
"I had rather have Republican pros
perity," he said, "than Democratic de
pression [Republican applause and great
silence around him] ; but lam supremely
confident [addressing the Republicans]
that on such a proposition you are going
speedily to your doom."
The difficulties of his position, Bailey
said, were intensified by every lobbyist
and every newspaper whose columns were
oren to purchase, who denounced him for
r.ot fighting.
"I am as ready as any man to fight,"
he asserted, "whenever I can see any ad
vantage to be gained to my country or my
party, but I decline to lead in a blind as
sault wherein blows must fall equally
upon friends and enemies." [Applause.]
While Bailey was talking the chair in
■which sat his late antagonist for selection
as Democratic leader (Mcliillin of Ten
nessee) gave way from under him, dis
tracting the attention of the House. A
new chair was immediately secured and
McMillin promptly reseated.
Dingley was recognized, as against the
claims of Simpson and Bland, to move
that when the House adjourn it be until
Weduesday, explaining that none of the
great appropriation bills in the Benate
would probably reach the House before
then.
Bailey en deavored to secure the consent
of Dingley for Bland to offer a resolution.
Dinsley declined to yield and upon the
putting of the question S mpeon en
deavored ineffectually to enter upon de
bate, makine the point of order that it
vas a debatable motion.
The question recurring on Dingley's
motion De Armond demanded the ayes
and noes. The vote resulted ayes 106,
noes 84, strictly partisan, but one Dem<>
crat and one Populist voting in the nega
tive.
De Armond rose to a question of per
sonal privilege, explaining that he was
moved to speak only from a sense of duty.
Believing that the Republican policy had
been entered upon in order to avoid re
sponsibility for other pressing matters he
opposed it.
Dingley started to moke a speech in
criticism of the Democratic position, but
•Was prevented by Allen showing that
there was no question before the House.
The resolution which Bland unsuccess
fully attempted to bring to the attention
of the House was:
Vf herf.ab, There are a number of suits pend
ing in the courts oi the United States to fore-
Close mortgages on the Union Pacific Railroad,
»nd that said foreclosures may endanger the
rights of the Government us a second mort
gagor; therefore,
Resolved, That the Attorney-General be and
1b hereby requested to furnish the House as
speedily as practicable information at to the
number of »uits brought to forec ose said
mortgages, the amount of the Government's
claim against the railroad, and what, if any,
proceedings have been taken to secure the
Government against any loss In this behalf;
also, whether the Government has been made
a party to these foreclosure proceedings, and
if so by what authority, and state to the House
whether executive officers of the Government
have authority to bring sulta of the Govern
ment so as to bind or preclude it in any
manner affecting the pecuniary Interests of
the Government or to impair the power of the
Government now existing by law to regulate
and control a corporation as to the rate for
freight and passenger traffic, or ai to the
right of the Government to use the railroad an
s military and postal road; also what, If any
legislation Is necessary to protect the Govern
ment in the matters herein set forth.
The resolution also declared it to be the
duty of the Speaker to appoint a commit
tee on this subj ct, to the end thai the
House may speedily enter upon its con
sideration.
After the House adjourned Bland said:
"The law makes it the imperative duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay cer
lain obligations of the Pacific railroad,
but he ennnot, despite the requirements
of the law, unle-s we appropriate money
for him. I don't care a tig whether we
adjourn the House for one day or three,
but Ido care that we should waste time
recklessly when by inattention we may be
making it possible for some syndicate to
get possession >; f the railroad and without
even a vesdge of Government interest in
its title."
Representative Lewis of Washington
introduced a joint resolution to repeal
the law of March 3, authorizing the
United States to appoint a Commissioner
to the international monetary conference.
It was under this law that McKinley
named Wolcott, Paine and Stevenson.
Tlie House received a communication
from Secretary Sherman, advising the
Speaker that it was desirable that com
missioners to the French Exposition be
speedily appointed. Accompanying was
a letter from Minister Patenotre to the
Secretary, saving that the French Gov
ernment was very anxious that the United
States be notably represented at the ex
position and informing him that already
commissioners from various nations of
Europe had arrived at i'aris to make ar
rangements or their exhibits.
SILVER IT ES HONOR BRYAN.
They Invite Him to Attend a Banquet at
Los Angeles on the Fourth
of July.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, April 17.— A Cin
cinnati special this evening says: Hon.
Nathan Cole Jr. of Los Angeles is at the
Gibson House. He ran over from Chicago
as the special messenger of the Republi
can Silver Club, bearing its invitation with
that of the State to Hon. William J.
Bryan, to be their guest of honor and
speaker at a grand patriotic banquet to be
ADMIRAL SIR MICHAEL CULMNE-SEYMOUR, G. C.B.
Admiral Seymour of the British navy, who was recently appointed com
mander-in-chief at Portsmouth, had been upwards of five years commander-in
chief in the Mediterranean. -He succeeded Sir George Tryon, who was lost
by the sinkiag of the Victoria. He has a high reputation as an administrator
and disciplinarian, and is a man to whom "nerves" are absolutely unknown.
given the evening of July 4, representing
ell the Pacific Coast country.
Mr. Bryan cordially accepted the distin
guished compliment, and will attend pro
vided his engagements already made will
permit. This he will not be able to deter
mine definitely until he returns to his
home in Lincoln. It is his earnest desire
to respond in person, if possible.
"If Mr. Bryan can come to Lo<> Angeles
on the 4th," said Mr. Cole, "he will be
greeted by the greatest and most glorious
gathering of American citizens ever wit
nessed west of the Alleghenies. The
Republican Silver Club of Los Angeles, of
which I am president, is 5000 strong, ami
every one of them voted for Mr. Bryan.
We have handsome headquarters, and
keep our organization in perfect trim. It
is the largest Republican silver club in the
United States. I was one of the alternate
Republican delegates from the State at
large to the St. Louis convention, but left
the party when it adopted the single gold
standard platform. We think that we put
up the best fizht of the campaign in Los
Angeles and Southern California."
OTEIt xiauara /minor.
A WtU-Orented, Unknown Toting an
Leap* Into the Rapid*.
NIAGARA FALLS, N. V., April 17.—
Another suicide has been added to the
long list of those who have died at the
Falls. At noon to-day a man about 25
years of ape leaped from a carriage as it
was passing over the Niagara bridge and
without a moment's hesitation sprang
over the railing and fell into the rapids
below. The river was full of ice and the
body of the unfortunate man was soon
dashed to pieces. The identity of the sui
cide is unknown. He seemed in pros
perous condition and wan well dressed.
TWO RUTS COMMIT SUKIOK.
They Became Angry Rerautm J.rft at
Home and Took Mruehnine. ■
JfAYETTEVILLE. Ark.. April 17.—
Two sons of Mr. Heeson of Greenland,
near here, aged 15 and 9, became angry
because they had been left home while
the parents were here, bathed, dressed In
their best clothes, wrote notes to their
parent*, pinned them on the door took
strychnine- and went to bed. Both
died before their parents returned. The
notes bade their . parents good- by, and
expressed the hope that they meet in
heaven.
Tiro Vt'FJ<Ki.n Kir.i.r.n.
Deputy Marshal* or tied by a Gang of
Indian Territory Outlaw*.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., April 17.— A
■pecinl says two deputy marshals were
killed yesterday in a fight near Pawnee,
I. T., with a gang of outlaws. The
marshals had outlaw Ed Nwcombe un.
aer arrest when they were attacked by .
Jour members of the gang, who attempted
to liberate him.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
AIDED BY SECRET
ROYAL INFLUENCE
Peculiar Story Behind
the Favoritism Shown
an Admiral.
Seymour's Daughter Said to
Have Been Married to the
Duke of York.
So It Seems Father and Daughter
Both Profited by an Illegal
Alliance.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 12.— The ap
pointment of Admiral Sir Michael
Culmne-Seymonr to the post of com
mander-in-chief at Portsmouth, which is
regarded as the blue ribbon cf the naval
service of Great Britain, has bad the effect
of one more setting all tongues wagging
as to the reasons for this marked piece of
favor shown by royalty toward Sir Mich
ael, for thecommandersbipat Portsmouth
is invariably conferred by the Queen, and
is an office the appointment to which she
insists upon keeping in her own hands,
writes Marquise de Fontenoy in the
World. Sir Michael has only just com
pleted his term as commander-in-chief of
the British fleet in the Mediterranean, a
most lucrative post, which, on the recom-
menriation of the Queen, bo has been per
mitted to hold beyond tne allotted time
and to which he was appointed altogether
out of ins turn and very unexpectedly,
shortly prior to the marriage of the Duke
of York to Princess Mary of Teck.
It is just this marriage of the Duke
which is popularly reported to constitute
the cause of the good fortune of the gal
lant admiral. The wedding of the Duke
I wa? preceded by so many hitches and de
lays that it was feared at one time that it
would never take place, and it is well
known that the Princess of Wales herself
was most averse to her son marrying
Princess May. It is generally believed
tii at the holding back of the Duke and the
objection of his mother to the match lay
in the fact that he was, if not legally, at
any rate ecclesiastically, bound by matri
monial ties to a daughter of Sir Michael
Seymour, whom he was alleged to have
married secretly at Malta.
If there ever had been any marriage of
this kind between the Duke and Miss
Mary Seymour it was, of course, not valid
in the eyes of the law, sine* the consent
of the sovereign and of Parliament, which
in the case of members of the reigning
family are indispensable to render a legal
bond, had never been either asked or
granted. Still at the same time it is easy
to understand that if any secret ceremony
had taken place at Malta the situation of
the Duke was, to say the least, awkward.
80 persistent were ths reports connect
ing the name of Miss Seymour witn that
of the Duke at the time of the latter's
wedding to Princess May that the English
Government actually considered it neces
sary to issu* an official denial of the ru
mor. This, however, merely bad the ef
fect of still further convincing people that
there was some foundation for the gossip,
inasmuch <is th« last occasion of which
an ollicinl denial of this kind was made
wa? during the reign of King George 111,
when it was held advisable to put a stop
to the story that the Prince Resent (after
ward King George IV) uad contracted a
secret marriage with the beautiful Mrs.
Fitzherbert. Now it has been proved over
and over again, by means of documentary
i evidence and other incontrovertible testi-
I mony, that a marriage did take place be
j tween Mrs. Fitzherbert and the Prince
; Regent, and hence the parallel drawn be
tween the two cases was entirely to the
disadvantage of the Duke of York and
Miss Seymour.
Whatever the case may be it is some
what significant that the very marked
manifestations of royal favors toward
Admiral Seymour date from the time of
the Duke's marriage, and that the knight
hood which was conferred upon the cele
brated London lawyer, Bir George Lewis,
about the same period was asserted to
have been granted to him for the ser
vices wliica he rendered in negotiating
the silence of the Seymour family with
regard to their claims upon the Duke.
Some people even go so far as to say that
Miss Mary Seymour has had a sum of
$300,000 settled upon her by the Queen
in recognition of the deference which she
paid to the wishes of her Majesty and to
the interests of the British dynasty.
CHINESE TO BE EXCLUDED.
Only the Party Bound for the Nashville
Exposition Will Be Admtted by
Secretary Gage.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 17.-Sec
retary Gage decided this afternoon that
he had no authoriiy to keep out the 179 |
Chinese bound for the Nashville Exposi
tion, who have been detained at Portal,
N. Dak. Instructions were telegraphed
the customs officers there to admit them.
This change In the Secretary's inten
tions was bronght about by information
from Director-General Lewin of the exhi
bition company that the whole crowd is
necessary to make the Chinese exhibit a
success.
The language of the joint resolution of
Congress inviting foreign nations to par
ticipate is comprehensive, and makes pos
sible the admission of as many Chinese a*
want to get into the country, provided
there is somebody to say they are needed
at the Nashville exhibition.
It was explained at the treasury this
afternoon that Secretary Gage would deal
with every party cf Chinese bound for
Nashville on the merits of their case.
This indicates that the whole matter is
left in abeyance, and the chances for get
ting into the United States of swarms of
Chinese expected to arrive at Vancouver
and San Francisco with concessions from
the exposiiion company to back them are
entirely hopeless.
IHE CIVIL si it fit £ JjAW.
Urotvenor Intro&vce* a Bill Calculated
to Kill It.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 17.-Gros
venor introduced a bill in th* House to
day declaring that the scope of the civil
service law was intended to be strictly
limited to the clerical force of the Govern
ment and that it has no application to
many bureaus where it is now in force.
The second section requires that all per
sons who have been appointed or pro
moted in the civil service since March 4,
1893, shall undergo another competitive
examination and receive no advantage
over other applicants for the same posi
tion.
Grosvenor says he received to-day a
letter from Indianapolis, in which the
writer «aid he would send a petition for
the repeal of the law signed by 25,000 citi
zens, and saying that no Representative
would be elected from Indiana who was
not pledged to vote for the law's repeal.
DHIFTB OUt WITH THE TIDE.
The Original Lone fisherman in "Evan
geline" Fatten Axeny.
BALTIMORE, Me. April James 8.
Maffi it, formerly an actor and panto
mimist, died while undergoing an opera
tion here. He was 90 years old. He was
the original lone fisherman, creatine the
part when "Evangellne" was first pro
duced.
"Evangeline," which pave MaffiU his
first professional lift, was brought out at
Nlblo's Garden, New York, June 28, 1874,
with lone Burke and W. H. Crane as prin
cipals. It wai a failure. In 1875 Cheever
Goodwin and E. E. Rice worked it over
and presented it in Boston, with Laura
Joyce, Harry Beckett, Murdoclc Farr and
Mafntt, who wai given the novel role of
the lone fisherman. This unique person
age had nothing to do with the" burlesque,
never spoke a word, was never seen by the I
people on the stave, yet was present in j
every scene. He made more impression on j
the mind of the spectators than ell the
other people put together. Mafliu's
make-up, dances and pantomimic acting
made a great hit, and for years he was
ono of the brightest features of the bur
lesque.
HHrK.it AM WIVI. BHTRA.CT.
Consular Charge* of Adulteration of
French Hin«« and lirnmli'f.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 17.—Sec
retary Sherman has determined to make
an official retraction of the statements
made In the reports of Consuls in regard
to the adulteration of French wines and
brandies, against which Minister Hano
taiix has complained. The retraction will
appear in the next issue of consular re
ports in May. It will be made as a reault
of the strong representations and official
protest submitted by Embassador Pate
notre. Some spicy correspondence has
passed between \he two Governments on
the subject. Patenotre claims that the
figures obtained by the Consuls are not
official, and says the reports would not
have been of the character they are had
the information been from reliabl e sources.
CORItETI'S COLLJFBE.
Hemarhable Feraicopio Fieture of the
fnurletnth Hound
NEW YORK, N. V., April 17.— The Car
son fight pictures, taken for exhibition by
what is called the verascope, are ready
for printing. It is said that one of th m
is liable to causa great controversy. It
represents one moment in the fourteenth
round following the knockout blow. As
described by one of the men who has been
privileged to see the developed negatives,
it ahows Corbett coliaosing, with one knee
upon the floor, his hands down, Fitzsira
mons bending over him and his right
glove in conjunction with the point of
Corbett's chin. While some of the other
piciures are «aid to be defective this is re
markably clear.
Grant's Hotly Memovetl.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 17.-Ger.eral
Grant's body was moved to the sar
cophagus on the new monument this
afternoon. The preparations for the dedi
cation ceremonies are setting alone
rapidly. Everything is almost ready for
the exercises, 'it has been decided that
the exercises at the tomb will begin
promptly at 11 a. m., and it is expected
hat they will be over b.' 12:20 p. M.
Warrior* Slav Wed.
General Miles, as co.nmanding general
of the army, has just been called upon to
decide on a -onmwtiat delicate question
in which military discipline was mixed up
with moral and sentimental considera
tions. As is well known, the army au
thorities regard a soldier married as a
soldier marred, especially if the soldier is
a private, and commnndinE officers have
often gone so far as to refuse permission
to wed to the men under them. Recently
a chaplain out at Fort Assinibuine in
Montana joined in the bonds of matri
mony a private soldier there and a
young; woman who was working as a do
mestic servant for the family of one of the
officers. No permission for the wedding
bad been granted, and none had been
asked. Next day the post commander
reDrirnaiided the chaplain stvpreiy, de
claring that his act was unauthorized and
improper. 1 he chaplain resented this, and
anptaled to the adjutant-general, from
whom the case went to General Miles for
final action. In rendering his decision
General Miles says: "The course of the
chaplain appears to be fully warranted by
law and regulations. Whiie the objection
to soldiers marrying is well recognized, it
is not prohibited by law or regulations,
and the military authorities are not,
therefore, w a run ted in intervening." —
New York Times.
The Federal telegraph has recently in
augurated a night service, and ten words
can bo sent for 10 ceuis.
HAD A LIVE SNAKE
IN HIS STOMACH
Peculiar Predicament of
George Averill, a
Farmer.
While Drinking at a Stream,
the Reptile Went Down
With the Water.
Nearly a Year Later the Intruder
Is Expelled During: a Fit of
Coughing.
TOPSFIELD, Mass., April 17.— George
Averill, while at work In his meadow
early last summer, took a good drink of
water from the brook. Lying down on
his stomach beside the stream, he quaffed
deep.
"Gee, guess I swallowed a snake !" was
his exclamation, as he rose hurriedly.
Mr. Averill thought no more of this occur
rence until recently. All winter long he
has been feeling miserable and consulted
a physician for a distressing stomach
trouble.
The medicine prescribed produced an
incessant cough. Imagine his horror and
also his relief when to-day in a violent fit
of coughing he raised and expelled a liv
ing water snake fully twelve inches long.
The squirming reptile had given him no
end of worriment and discomfort. The
snake is beine carefully preserved. It ia
strong, healthy and fat, although its skin
and color have been somewhat affected by
the chemical action of the gastric juices.
Mr. Averill already feels much relieved,
Ringing in Your Ears
Ringing in Your Ears
Ringing in Your Ears
Ringing* in Your Ears
S ta L i Ringing in Your Ears
AflOat 01 1 AShOre 1 Ringing in Your Ears
i Rndviin Pnml B Ringing in Your Ears
| Huayan Luieb! g Ringing in Your Ears
P m,.,^ - Ringing In Your Ears
Noises . in the Head, Failing Strength, Weak, Curious Feelings, Seminal Weakness, i* Spermatorrhoea
Premature Weakness certainly cured by the great HUDYAN Remedy-treatment. HUDYAN Remedy-
treatment can be had only from the doctors of Hudson Medical Institute. No one else can give you Hudyan,
rludyanßem- Read these symptoms, and if you • have • Hudson Rem * """
edy Treatment many of them you need the certain cure, the edy Treatment . CONSULT
sometimes Great Hudyan Remedy Treatment. This re- . «s certain to - HUDSON
cures In 20 markable discovery has made the name and the vvJue^ir^cJr- FREE° RS
da y s - fortunes of the Hudson ian doctors of the Hudson culars. . .". ,
—mmmmmmmm—m* Medical Institute. : m^ mmmilKl^ mm^ mm _^_^_____
NERVOUS HBUTT.2VrSa£: FAILING HASnOOD. &«; S^HERVfll's TWiTfiIHGS. iSSTSTZ
Do you feel weak? tonw: » °;uif»hii
Have you cold feet? Do your facial nerves twitch? • ° Do your eyes twitch ?
Have you backache? Are you nil run down? ,_. . . ■ ■■
Do you shun society? " Spots before your eyes? • • « V; ' ■ Do.your hands tremble
Are you losing flesh? Do the muscles twiich? ; ' Do you fc-1 shaky ?
Do you seep poorly? nave you Pa ! in small of back? can you walk without halting
Are you low-spirited? Have you pains on each side ol backbone? 'mo at naiting I
DoVou l ha *'* h ken T Have you pains in head? Are you melancholy ?
Is your memory impafred? Have you shoolin » pains? Do you have ringing in the ears I
Have you no manly vigor? Do you feel fatigued? Is your blood poor ?
Have you no vital energy? Are you weary? , J puor f
Do you have sick headache? Does your head swim? Are your eyes weak ?
)s there nausea after eating? Do your knees knock? •*.«_«„ 
Do your hands or feet sweat? Does your hand tremble? ; e your eyes " - carT ? llSriß
Has th<: brightness left your eyes ? Is there a ropy sediment In the water? Does your head swim ?
Do yon leel t&at you are unfit to marry? Do you suffer from night losses? : »
If you are in this condition you should learn all about the Great Hudyan Remedy Treatment. It Is
sure to. cure. It cures as certainly as you use it. No one else can give you Hudyan but the doctors of the
Hudson Medical Institute. . . ' •
CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
ELLIS, MARKET AND STOCKTON STREETS, *
and the physician says he will now re
cover at once.
MUCH I>EI>ESDS OS DAY.
Hit Report Slay Shape the Administra
tion's Policj on Cuba.
PITTSBURG, Pa., April 17.- -Judge Dav
is here on the way to Cuba as McKinley's
commissioner. He intimated to-day that
the President desires to deal promptly
with the war. A leadinp feature of Day's
inquiry will be to ascertain to what extent
Lee's forced course under Cleveland has
impaired his present official usefulness.
Day said: "My mission won't interfere
a particle with the authority of Lee.
While looking over the case I will aim to
secure certain specific information, which
we believe may be obtained without giv
ing Spain causa lor aiiger. My report will
go to the Pmldtnt and may shape the
administration's Cuban policy."
A DUEL, LUUKED .FOJ2.
Young Rrrchinridqe Told to Change Bin j
>atn* to «/fi</<7« lscarlot.
LEXINGTON, Ky., April 17.— An en- i
conmer is predicted between Green Kel- j
ler, editor of the Carlisle Mercury, and
Desna BrecKinridge, son or the noted W.
C. P. Breckinridge. Keller publicly told
Breckinridge to change bis name 10 Judas
Iscariot. Breckinridge responded in a
like vein. Both the men are fighters, and
it is expected that before many days they
will have a due) of some sort.
The courage of the two men is not ques
tioned, and as they bave been personal
enemies for some time the latest exchange
of pleasantries has not improved their
feelings toward one another.
The L. A. W. Session.
NEW \ORK, N. V., April 17.—Regard
ing the Western L. A. W. secession move
ment, Secretary-Treasurer Bull said to
day: "The league has been threatened
with secession movements for years, but
they have never amounted to anything.
Movements started in the West will be
shattered. Their strength is drawn from
a dissatisfied element, find their following
is so small that no ill effect can result."
In the last twenty-live years, as indicated
by life-insurance statistic?, the average
life of women has increased from fortv
two to forty-six year-, an increase of over
9 per cent.
NEW TO-DAY. ■'• .'^ __
k *••*•••••**•*•*•**•*••*•*
J STYLISH FURNITURE |
* : Needn't be Expensive. £^
t ROM\N CHAIRS are the lead ins /
* style in Fancy ParJor Pieces, yet J
+ we offer this one in OAK or MA- J
I HOG ANY— «
6 $2^25.
i FOR THE BEDROOM. * .
J Nothing equals a METAL BED- >
* STEAD for beauty and service, *.
* combined with low price. Our j
* . Specialty — a .lirass- mounted *
* : White Enameled 8ed..... 5-*.50 J
{ Other Extraordinary Values. 5
$ Great Big OAK~ROCKER. with high *
* restful back and broad easy »
* arms • . $1.!*5 ?
i SOLID OAK " LIBRARY TABLE, J
I with roomy shelf and 21x32 top., * .
m ....:..8»«oo *■
5 ...• :11 _- *
* Ask to See the Famous . *
* 4-ROOM OUTFIT, Complete *
* Parlor, Bedroom, Din- {fc^K *
{ ing-Room, Kitchen... &* vJ J
+c ■ ■■ ♦
* Don't overlook our Carpet Bargains. *■
•* Cash or Easy Terms— City or Country. J
{ M. FRIEDMAN & CO. J
■K (7 immense floors), ; . i
1 230-235-237 POST STREET ♦
J (Near Stockton), ■ J
* 180132 134 MORTON STREET. }
5 OPEN EVENINGS. ' *
* • *
»jpPMPPMMMMMM-»¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥ »»»»TOO LENIENT WITH
COLONEL FINIGAN
Marin County's Sheriff:
Cited for Contempt
of Court.
Accused of Failure to Keep
His Millionaire Guest In
Confinement.
Sensational Affidavit Filed by ;
Counsel for the Wealthy Pris
oner's Wife.
BAM RAFAEL. Cal., April 17.— A big ;
sensation was sprung in the Finigan j
divorce casa to-day, when Superior Judge ■
F. M- Angellotti made an order citing i
Sheriff Henry Harrison to appear before ',
the court ou Monday to show cause why !
he fchoulJ not be adjudged guilty of con
tempt for failing to comply with Judge
Angallutti's order requiring the Sheriff to
imprison Peter A. Finigan in the County
Jail and to detain him therein until he
complied with tne order requiring him to
pay alimony to hi» wife.
The order citing Sheriff Harrison for
contempt was made upon the affidavit of
T. J. Crowley, one of the attorneys for
Mrs Emily B. Finigan, the plaintiff in the
case.
In the affidavit Attorney Crowley sets
forth the facts of Finigan's imprisonment,
as ordered by Judge Angellotti, then says
"that, notwithstanding the said order, the j
Sheriff of Marin County has failed and re
fused to comply therewith, and has been
and still is disobedient to said order."
The affidavit sets» foith that Colonel
Finigan has not been and is not now con
rined in the County .Jail proper of Marin
County, but is permitted to occupy a
room under the courthouse, wbict) room
is in part furnished by Culont-1 F.mgan,
and to and from wh.ch the coionei has in
gress and egress at all hours oi the uay
and way late into the night.
It i-< further alleged that Finigan is
permitted during the day and nieht to
absent himseli from the courthouse and
go to a hotel across the stieet to partake
of refreshments, and is permitted to sit
upon the lawns of tho courtnouse during
the day and evening and be entertained !
by friend< outside of the counhouse, and
has in effect never been imprisoned in tne
County Jail since the order oi commit
ment was made.
Lawyer Crowley then alleges in his
aflidavit that the fact thai Sheriff Harrison
h** failed to imprison the colonel has be
come a matter of public notoriety and the
subject matter of comment by many per
sons conversant with the facts, and that
in different interviews wiih newspaper
men the milliunaiie Has declared tnat he
was as well circumstanced as if he were at
the Hotel Rafael.
The attorney declares that many per
sons have said that these proceedings
were a travesty upon the law and an ag
gravation of the contempt already com
mitted by the deiendant. He charges
that the Sheriff has greatly assisted Fini
gan in defying the court and refusing to
obey its order.
Upon this showing Superior Judge
Angellotti immediately made the order
citing the Sheriff to appear on Monday to
show cause why he shouJd not be pun- :
ished.
Colonel Finigan was seen this afternoon j
by a representative of The Call. He was j
surprised that the atloruey had gone to
euch extremes.
"So this is like Hotel Rafael," he said,
casting his eyes over the little cell
wherein he is confined. "I think," he con
tinued facetiously, addressing Under
Sheriff Hannon. "that you had better re
move tbow pipes from the walJ, as I may
commit suicide.
"It is true," paid he, more seriously,
"that I have gone across the street to the
hotel, but the Sherill or the Under Sheriff
has always accompanied me. All tlie
prisoners are allowed the fresh air, and I
have been out on the lawn lying down,
where I have read my newspaper, but
thi* freedom is allowed all the prisoners.
Whil>? I was there two other men in the
ja ! were ou' ilso. They were working on
the lawn. Why, even murderers are al
lowed fresh air. Durrant is allowed to be
out some of the time. They don't expect
me to be in here all the time."
The F nigan divorce case has now be
come decidedly interesting. Colonel Fin
igan is said to be worth million.", and
when Superior Juuge Angellotti of Marin
County ordered him to pay $750 alimony
to hs wiie he pleaded that lie was witli
NEW TO-EAY.
TALKINfeiv "I
ARni|TM*i •**• \
T;2«gs! I REFER TO THE
JACKSON SQUARE,
sc.
CIGAR
A hen I say they are strictly Cuban hand-made. • According 10 all accounts they're
Ue Lest »D)O£e on earth.
■A-lili SEAIjERS.
RINALDO BROS. & CO.,
COAST AGENTS,
300 AND 302 BATTERY STREET.
out the means. He was adjudged guilty
of contempt and ordered confined in the
County Jail until the money was forth
ccminsr.
The Sheriff took him in charge, and he
was given a cell in the basement of the
courthouse. He has been in Sheriff Har
rison's custody for twelve days, an 1 the
favors granted him by the Sheriff have
caused the attorneys lor Mrs. Finigan to
remonstrate, jj^eriff Harrison's claim is
that the prisoner has been confined in the
County Jail, and the lact that he has not
escaped is evidence enough that he has
been kept in confinement.
GUNS OP THE PURITANS.
Not the !'■' uikl >• i l> ii. Usually Repre
sented by ArtUts.
One of the most remarkable facts to the
investigator of our American antiquities
is the almost total ignorance which pre
vails among even those who are otherwise
well informed as to the weapons, more es
cially the firearms, with which our Puri
tan ancestors fought their wan with the
Indians, says the Boston Transcript. One |
of the notions which seem firmly estab
lashed is that the early settlers generally
used the bell-muzzle blunderbuss. Almost
every artist who draws a Thanksgiving or
Christmas picture of a .Puritan going to
meeting gives him a eun with a muzzle
like the end of a trumpet.
Now, the fact is that the bell-mouthed
firearm was never a military arm among
English-speaking people at all, nor was
such a weapon ever common either In this
country or in Englanrt until about the
middle of the las: century, when it came
into use for the defense of huu«es against
burglars, for stagecoach guards and sim
ilar purposes. Tilts blunderbusses which
are common enough in the curiosity
shops are almost without exception Inter |
than 1750, and many of them date from
ear.y in ilie century.
A large bell-mouthed gun was in use
somewhat earlier on board naval and
other armed *hips, but this was a heavy
piece, on a swivel, and used very much as
the howitzer was later.
Then as to the locks. Even some of our
most distinguished writers seem to be
completely at sea on this point. One I
New England writer whom 1 will not |
name, lorf-arof seeming disrespectful to
a man deserving of honor, wrote some
time ago in a magazine article that some
soldier in Kins Phillip's War might have
invented the flintlock by rinding that an
Indian flint arrow-bead would maKe fire
if inserted into the cock of the match- j
lock. Now, the soldier of 1075 was given
a matchlock, not because the military
authorities were ignorant of guns which j
would make their own tire (wheellocks |
and ?napuaunces were in common use),
but because the matchlock was consid
ered better for ordinary use.- More than
this, if he had thought of it he would
have known that his matchlock would not
make fire wiih flint. The flintlock with
which our War of Independence was I
fought requires a powerful blow to make !
the Hint strike tire from the steel. This j
the matchlock did not have nor did the
pan-cover open in such a way as to make
this possible.
At the time of King Philip's War and for
a long time afterward the ordinary fire- j
arm for infantry was the matchlock j
musket. These are plenty in European ,
collections but very rare in America. I
have never seen one in any collection in
this country. At the same time the snap- I
haunce, a primitive form of the flintlock, j
was quite extensively used by hunters,
and probably by the Indians, who would
naturally object to the match, which, if
Kept lighted, would betray their presence,
especially at night. Wheellocks were
probably used to some extent by the earli- i
est settlers, but it was always an excep- i
tional arm and too costl y to be generally
used. By the time of King Philip's War
it was rather olu-fashioned and not likely
to have figured much.
•—♦ — »
The Hygienic Value of Soup*.
"In a family where soup begins the din
ner, and the dishes following are of a con
centrated nature, the soup should be lignt,
clear and warm, not necessarily nutri
tious," writes Mrs. S. T. Rorer in the La
dies' Home Journal, telling how to make
various kinds of soup?. "But where soup
is to lorm tiie entire dinner it must be of
a nourishing character. As water cannot
dissolve the fibre ot beef, and the fiber of
beef holds the larger part of the nourish
ment, a beef soup, clear and beautiful
though it may be, is not nutritious. The
albumen is solub.e in water, of course, but
as clear soup is boiled, this coagulates the
albumen and >poil» the brilliancy; so we
clarify and strain this out, thus robbing
the liquid of every grain of nutriment.
From a hygienic standpoint, then, this is
necessarily served at the beginning of the
meal, the onject being to invite into the
stomach tha gastric secretions before the
entrance of the solM food. While the
fashion of v dinner soup is almost en
iire!y. in thi? country, confined to the
'few,' the masses, if they would only stop
to consider the hygiene of the fashion,
would follow quickly."
The Queen of Greece is so devoted to
flowers that she delights to share with
others her pleasure in them. By her
orders large quantities are distributed in
the hospitals of Athens twice a week.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18. 1897.
TIMID DEPOSITORS
CAUSE A FAILURE
The Randall Company's
Bank at Eureka
Suspends.
Collapse Hastened by Recent
Large Withdrawals of
Funds.
Other Financial Institutions In the
Northern Town Not
Affected.
EUREKA, Cal., April 17.— The Randall
Banking Company closed tiie doors of its
bank here at 11 o'clock this morning. It
had been rumored in financial circles for
several days past that the institution was
in a bad condition financially. The recent
departure of Cashier J. S. Murray and the
election of his successor tended to in
crease the suspicion and in consequence
large depositors had bi»en gradually with
drawing funds. The extent of the failure
is not known at present. The bank of
ficials bare posted a notice that depositors
would be paid in full. All sorts of rumors
are going the rounds ana the truth can
not be reached to-day. The Bank Com
missioner will take charge, when a state
ment of the assets and liabilities will be
made public
The bank, the officers' statement an
nounced, holds ample securities, bat it
will take time to realize upon them. The
directors have taken steps to obtain the
necessary funds to meet the liabilities.
The closing was made necessary by reason
of the business depression and the diffi
culty in making collections upon securi
ties ordinarily considered good as cash on
hand. They ask the creditors of the bank
to assist the directors in their efforts to
realize upon the assets as soon as pos
sib c.
Alt the other banks here are on a sol
vent basis. The humboldt County Bank,
the Bank of Eureka and two sa'vincs
banks are perfectly solvent, and the Ran
dall failure will not affect them in the
least.
The directors of the defunct bank are
F. Korbell, J. M. Sass, Stephen Hill, Da
vid Evans, W. H. Johnston, George A.
Kellogg, E. H. Vance, J. S. Murray and
IA. W. Randall. The president is A. W.
i Randall: vice-president, Stephen Hill;
cashier, Guy L. Roberts (succeeding J. S.
Murray, recently departed).
The condition of the bank on the 27th of
February last was, according to the re
port of the Bank Commissioners, as fol
lows:
. RESOURCES.
Real estate $313 94
Loans on real estate. 130/J37 61
| Loans on s:ocks. e ( c 3,130 00
I Loans on personal security 12M.492 83
Money on hand 29.79/ ill
Due from banks 1. 408 24
Other assets 4,812 50
LIABILITIES.
Capital paid up 957,300 00
Keserve, etc 21,104 62
Due depositors 213,855 48
Due banks. 793 23
ERRORS MADE BY HISTORIANS.
Diogenes' Tub a Myth— The Hannibal
Fable— Lies About Cleopatra.
The same year that Alexander died at
Babylon Diogenes died at Corinth, .323 B.
C. ; but not, we may be sure, in a tub, be
cause lie never made such a fool of him
self as to live in one. The story that he
did so had no better origin .than a com
ment by his. biographer, Seneca, who was
not born till more than 300 years after the
cynic's death. '"A man so crabbed ought
to have lived in a tub like a dog."
In 216 B. C, Hannibal, with about
50,000 men, nearly annihilated the Roman
army of about 90,000 at Cannae, in Apu
lia, Italy, but it is all a fable to say that
he sent three bushels of gold rings plucked
from the hands of dead Roman knights
back to Carthage as evidence of hi* vic
tory. The messenger who carried the
news back to the Carthaginian Senate,
on concluding his report, "opened his
robe ana threw out a number of gold
rings gathered on the field of battle."
Four years later the Romans, under
Maicellus, attacked and captured Syra
cuse, belonging to Greece, because of its
alliance with Hannibal against Rome.
As the invading ships approached Arch
| imedes is said to have Bet some of them
on fire with immense burning glasses;
however, modern science has so well wa
tered this story that it only remains to
add that even at this day the feat would
be impossible.
In me year 30 B. C. Cleopatra killed her
self to avoid being exhibited at Rome in
the triumph of tavianus, who had made
war upon her and Antony because the lat
ter had divorced hie (Octavianus')sisteron
the Queen's account. But did she die
from m snake's oite? It is better to think
not. "If bar death had been caused by
auy serpent, the .-mall viper would rather
have been chosen than the large asp; but
the story is disproved by her having
decked herself in 'the royal ornaments,'
and being found dead 'without any mark's
of suspicion of poison on her body.' "
Death from a serpent's bite. could not
have been mistaken, and her vanity would
not have ahowed her to cboos i one which
would have disfigured her in so frightful a
manner. - :
Other poisons were well understood and
easy of access, and no boy would have
ventured to carry an asp in a basset of
tigs, some of which he even offered to the
guards as he passed, and even I'lutnrcu
siiows that the story of the a.«p was
doubted. Nor ia the statue earned in
Augustus' triumph, which had an asp
upon it, any proof of his belief in it, since
the snake was the emblem of Egyptian
royalty; the statue (or the crown) of Cleo
patra could not havn been without one,
and this was probably the origin of the
whole story.
Here one may naturally ask: Who has
not heard of Cleopatra's wondrous pearls,
one of which, at a banquet eiven in An
tony's honor, she dissolved in vineear.
Either this story also ts fictitious, or vine
gar was evidently different in those days
from the present kind, which will not melt
pearls.
It was nearly 100 years later that the
Emperor Nero also killed himself, 68 A.
D. Stabbing was the choice this time
though, and of this we make no question.
Whai we wish 10 say about him is that be
was not so bad a monster as usually im
agined. Hie mother, Agrippina, was not
put to deatu by his order, nor did be play
upon his harp and sing "The Burning of
Troy" while Home was on lire.
Our knowledge of him is gained mostly
from Tacitus, who hated him, and from
Petronius Arbiter, who was put to death
for conspiracy against him. "Even in
Rome itself the common people strewed
flowers on the grave of Nero.'"
The Gift of Appreciation.
There is, perhaps, no other natural eift
that brings so much genuine pleasure to
its possessor as does the keea sense of ap
preciation. It teaches us, or points out
to our understanaing, the beauties ol na
ture that are about us, gilds t tie common
place and emphasizes the joys of life and
of living. Appealing to us througn all
our senses, the pleasures that it brings are
ceaseless and unfailing. Seen through ap
preciattve eyes the beauties of life over
shadow and eclipse the homely, rough
places. There is an attractive side to
everything, and this the appreciative mind
will see first and lougest remember. — La
dies' Home Journal.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Three Commercial Cities— X. B.*, City. The
figures of commerce in Hamburg, London and
Liverpool show: Hamburg, value of exports
and imports lor a year, 2.637,504.000 marks;
London, 5. 220,749,910 ; Liverpool, £212,162,
--149.
Distances— A. R., City. The distance from
Laguna street and Golden Gate avenue along
the last-named thoroughfare to Market and
Taylor streets is 4200 feet, and tne distance
iilong Tenth street from Folsom to Market
and down Market to Sixth is 0400 feet.
Height of the Building— p. c, Oakland,
Cal. The building on the southwest corner of
Third and Market streets will contain 272
rooms or offices of varying size. The archi
tects are Reed Brothers, the builder is Claus
Spreckels and the height irom the basement
to the top of the birdcage oi: top of the dome
is 327 feet.
New Laws— Several Subscribers. A number
of subscribers have asked questions in rela
tion to new laws passed by the Legislature
recently holding session in Sacramento. As
these have not reached this City the informa
tion asked for cannot be given, but the an
swers will be furnished as soon as each law
asked about is received.
"Johnny Smoker"—!:. M., Hollister, San
Benito County, Cal. The turf guides and
records do not show any record of a trotter
named "Johnny Smoker," either in 1870,
1871. 1872 or 1873. The only horse by that
name is the black gelding foaled in 1882 by
Totaway. Paced to a record of 2:16}4 at St.
Paul, Minn., July 4, 1891.
Coort Commissioners —H. H. The Court
Commissioners of the Superior Court of San
Francisco are: John J. Mohn, J. F. Pinkharn.
Eugene Levy, Henry Cook, J. F. Tyler and F.
W. Lawler. Whenever the Jud?o of one of the
departments desires to call in a Commissioner
he selects any one of those named. The Com
missioner reports the testimony, say in a
divorc« case, and the Judge renders a decision
on that testimony. In a divorce case the court
decides how the community property shall be
divided, if the parties cannot agree.
Salaries— C. E., City. The salaries of the
officers of the United States are fixed by the
law of Congress authorizing such officers, and
the salary is fixed at either so much per year
or so much per diem, but Congress has not
passed any law directing in what proportion
yearly salaries should be paid. That is done
according to a rule of the Comptroller of
the Treasury. In 1872 a rule was put
into force so that tue salaries should
during e*ch quarter equal a lourth of the
yearly amount, and to do this the payments
varied each month, in accordance with the
number of days in the month. That is the
rule now, except in the case of the army and
the navy, a recent rule making the monthly
payments a twelfth of the yearly salary.
That High Fence— P. C, Oakland, Cal. The
high fence that marks the line of a lot front
ing on Sacramento street, between Jones and
Taylor, was erected there by the late Charles
Crocket's order. Mr. Crocker secured the block
of land bounded by California, Jones, Sacra
mento and Taylor streets, excepting the piece
inclosed by the fence. That was owned by N.
Yung, an undertaker, who lived there with* his
family, a"d when an agent of Crocker sought
to purchase it he demanded a price that was
considered exorbitant and refused to accept
what was considered a reasonable offer. Ail
attempts at a negotiation fell through. When
the Crocker mansion was built the residence
of Mr. Yung was surrounded by the fence,
which stands to this day. After the death oi
Mr. Yung, some years ago, the house that stood
on the lot was removed and the property has
been vacant since. As it stands now the piece
of property has but little value.
The Mormon Temple— H. S. and Merced, City.
The Mormons refuse to admit Gentiles into
their temple Dccause of a rule that none but
those of the Mormon faith shall enter it.
The following is a history of the Mormon
temples and the one now on* Temple Block.
The first Mormon temple «as built at Klrtland,
Ohio. The cornerstones were laid July 23, 1833,
ami the building dedicated March 27. 183& Tins
temple measured 55x65 feet only sod cos;
$50,000. When the Saint* vacated the State of
Ohio and settled at >auvo<» they at once be;nn
th» erect. on of another temple. This was of hewn
stone, J'JBxBB feet, surmounted with a tower.
'i he cornerstones were laid .April 6, 1841, and the
final dedication ceremonies occurred May 3. 1846.
We are told that when President Brlgham Young
and the band of pioneers reached the vu.iey of >alt
Lake, after the exodus from Xauvoo, the building
of a temple was determined on and tin- ground se
lected, lbs was on tbe 28ih or July, 1*47,
four days . after they had reached their
new home in the wilderness But the
work or . providing homes and the laying
oat of farms was a pressing necessity, and it was
not until April, 1851. that the whol- congregaMoa
at a general conference of the church voted that a
temple should be built. Nearly two years elapsed
belore definite ac. ion was taken, and on February
14, 1853, the ground was measured and laid off.
According to the original design Temp c Bloc*
m to contain forty acres, but later on this are i
was reduced to ten acres, Its present size.
On April 6, 1853, tne twenty-third anniversary
of th* church, »ur« had advanced s fliciently to
allow the laying of the cornerstones, and this cere
mony was performed by he full hierarchy of the
cnurch. Tne foundations weir commenced June
16, 1863. and finish d July 23,1855. the cap
stone or the temple was laid April 6, 1802. with
Impressive services and in the presence of tbe
largest asscmb ace ever gathered together In Utah.
- On April t», 1893. the completed temple was ded
icated witti solemn ceremonies a<;itd gre. t rejoicing
over the conclusion of forty years o: patient work
ing and waiting- The principal dln.enslons or tins
grand edifice are won by of note. Its whole length,
Including towers. is l*Bi,, leet. and the width 99.
There are six towers, three on the east and three
on the west end of the structure. other measure
ments may be summarized as follows:
To end of To top of
rockwork. spires.
Height of central tower. vio ft. 2'i'2tA ft
Height of central west tower. 2M it- '.'lO ft.
HeUlii oi side east towers lSSft. •_• jo ft.
Height of side west towers 182 ft. 194 ft.
To top of
■ '.' rock work.
Height of walls 167% ft.
Thickness of walls at bottom. « ft.
Thickness of walls at top 6 ft.
Thickness of buttresses ;.. 7 ft.
he whole res'.lnK upon a footing wail 16 feet
thick and fret deep. The building covers an
area of 21,850 feet and has cost upward of $3,
--6UO.UUU.
The marble-tiled baptismal-room in the base
ment is grand and Impressive in all Its appoint
ments. The capacious bronze font rests uion the
backs of twelve llfe-tized bronzed oxen, a remind
er of a tike feature in the honse built by Solomon,
which 'stood upon twelve oxen, three looking to
ward the north, and three looking toward the west,
and three looking toward the south, and three
looking toward the east, and the sea was set
above them, anil all their hinder parts were in
ward." Tbta lar:e room has a pavemen. and base
of fine white marble. A smaller room on an
upper floor, resplendent In blue and gold,
is paved with au artistically designed native wood
mosaic, the blocks being not more than an
■loch square end highly polished. White and gold
are the prevailing colors throughout, and harmo
nious tints judiciously distributed remove a nysng
gesiions Of too dazzling brightness. Notably Is
this the case in the overhead and side decorations
of a large, high room on the north, which la ex
quis:iel> chaste, harmonious and natural In coior
is well as in every appointment, so it goes lrom
foundation to summit. ' Everywhere are sym
metry, solidity, richness and purity. We
pause for a moment to examine In vari
ous corridors tne permanent wash - basins,
made of solid, rare delicately tinted onyx, with
ulumbing fixtures throughout of approiriate
finish, and note, as an evidence of the thorough
attention that has been paid to detail, th.it even
the door and window hardware has been loud? to
order expressly for tb.s building, the beehive or
nanients. . the doorknobs with the design of the
clasped hands, have the mono, "Holiness to he
Lord " in the basement these fixtures. including
all locks, bolts, hinges, etc.), ar ■ of brass; on the
first floor they are of plated go d, on the second of
plated silver and above that ami In the smaller
rooms of eld bronze. 1 here are foul
floors, counting the basement, and each
one. excepting the top. is dlv ded Into
rooms of varying sizes. Thu upper or assem
bly-room occup es the while extent of the
building except the towers, being 120 feet Ion?, M
feet wide and 3t> :eei hl-h. with a sea: ing capacity,
including the gallery, of near y 30U0. The gallery
Is of graceful sweep; It is rolled with bronze and Is
reached by circular . stairways in each or the foul
corners.' The elevated stands for the pi test hood
at either end, the choice hand-carved dicorationi
or dais and balcony, the broad auditorium, the art
istlcally paneled ceiling and frescoed frieze, witt
Innumerable permanent lights mingled tv the cor
nice and five di pendent chandeliers a; combin*
in presenting a seen* which will be equally impos
lug by day or by nigh:.
He Was Safe.
"If you pat that umbrella in my eye
again, as you I aye done twice already,
said liic man in the brown overcoat,
fiercely, "you'll get a broken head."
"It was as much your fault as mine,"
retorted the man in the gray ulster. "If
you want to kirk up a fuss about it, I'm
ready for you. I'm insured for £1000 in
the Self-Protective Mutual Association,
and I'm craving fora broken head."
The man in the brown overcoat looked
fixedly at the other. Evidences of a se
vere mental conflict were visible in his
face. At lust lie spoke. "You're safe,"
he said. "I'm an agent for that com
pany."
NEW TO-DAT— CLOTHING.
x>ooooo<>ooo<B§mm-§ftB33^
I HONESTY I
I OUR LANDLORD f
X Gave us 30 days' notice in which to VACATE our X
X old stores. We notified the public of this fact $
through the daily press. Then we immediately I
I CUT THE LIFE OUT OF PRICES throughout our |
entire stock of
CLOTHING, HATS AND FURNISHING GOODS!
The people came and bought our High-class''
Merchandise, knowing full well that whenever we
shout bargains they were in sight. We did a
Phenomenal Business===minus a profit===but we
issued an edict that the goods MUST Go===and
they went===right upon the backs of the most in=
I telligent citizens of the Pacific Coast. Our land-
I lord gave us one more week's stay at our old stand,
but we refused— at a big sacrif ice==his kind offer.
WHY? Simply because we told the public at large j
that we MUST VACATE our old stores April 1. And |
I to keep faith with them OUT WE WENT into our
present temporary quarters bag and baggage. How
1 long we can remain here lies entirely with our !
J friends, Messrs. Shainwald, Buckbee & Co., agents I
of our present temporary home, who are about to !
draw up a lease with other parties who are desir=
I ous of making arrangements for a long tenancy.
SELL WE MUST! SELL WE SHALL! I
NOTE THESE PRICES AND REFLECT HOW MUCH YOU CAN SAVE! |
I ; l Men's $12. SUITS, latest spring styles, go now for . . $6.50
I Men's 'sl3.so SUITS, latest spring styles, go now f0r. . . . . . 57.50
I Men's $15:66 SUITS, latest spring styles, go now for . .... . S9-5O
: Men's $1 £.00 OVERCOATS, latest spring styles, now go for. 75
I Boys' $4.00 All-wool Two-piece SUITS now go for $ | .95 I
Boys' sB. 50 All-wool LONG PANTS SUITS go now for .. .. $4.95 j
j Boys' $7.00 All-wool LONG PANTS SUITS go now for $3! 75 |
! ' . _ __ __ __ _ __ __^^_^__^^___^___________^_
—
.I . 1
I V k . ' — T!~\ °C
I TEMPORARY QUARTERS : X
1 222 and 224 SUITER STREET I
X THREE DOORS WEST OE KEARNY. X
X>OO<>OO<><>O«ll^t43^§m£ff£^
LAVID GAEEIOK'3 SONG.
The Famous Actor Wits a Poet of No
M ran Ability.
David Garnet was better known as an
actor than as a writer, but he was never
theless a dramatic author of no mean re
pute, having written or adapted not less
nan three dozen pieces, including farces,
dramas and comedies. . In some of these
occur pleasant aongs, which are still sung,
while many of his plays are still per
formed. He was born at, Hereford, Eng
land, at the quaint old Angel lon in that
city, on February 20, 1715. His father was
a captain of the Old Buffs, then recruiting
at Hereford, his mother being the daugh
ter of a clergyman attached to Lichneld
Cathedral.
He became a pupil of Dr. Johnson at
Lichfleld in 1735, and the following year
set out with bis tutor for London, where
he entered as a law student at Lincoln's
Inn. Soon after he went into business as
a wine merchant with an elder brother,
but his predilection for the stage, which
had manifested itself in bis boyhood, be
came too strong to be overcome, and he
resolved to make acting his profession.
In the walk of lite thus deliberately
adopted he rose rapidly , to the foremost
rank until, to us-* the woids of Pope, he
was without an equal, ana would never
have a rival. He married in 1749 an Aus
tralian dancer named , Era Violeite, who
lived to the remarkable age of 98 years,
dying suddenly in her chair in' her no us i
at the Adelohi. London, on October 10,
1822. . Her husband had predeceased her
forty-three years, having died on January
20, 1779, and being buried with ereat pomp
in Westminster Abbey. .
Although his literary reputation is
merged in the splendor, of his histrionic
fame, Garrick's rank as a writer of pro
logues, epilogues and ti.e lighter kinds of
verse was considerable.'. His original
plays evinced the possession of keen wit
and fertile fancy., and his adaptations and
alterations of French plays were highly
successful. The song here given is from
"Cymoo," & three-act dramatic romance,
in which it is sunc by Urganda at the
close of the first scene:
One adieu, before you leave me.
One sigh, although that sign deceive me;
Oh! let me think you true I
Cruel! thus, frsanda flying;
Cruel! this fond heart denyiDg;
One sigh, one last adieu.
Though my ardent vows be slighted,
Thonjfh mv love be unrequited.
Oh ! hide It from ray view;
Let me feel not I'm forsaken,
Rather let me die mistaken
Than bteathe one last adieu.
— Pittsburg Dispatch.
THE GEEEYMANDER.
Ex-Presiclent Harrison Writes That It
Is s Public Keproach.
"The use of what is called the 'Gerry
mander' in orrler to obtain an undue party
advantage in the election of members of
tne House of Representatives has become
a public reproach," writes ex-President
Harrison, discussing Congress in the La
dies' Home Journal. "It is the making
of unfair Congressional districts, not
having relation primarily to population
and to the geographical relations of the
counties composing them, as they should,
but to parly majorities in the counties,
with tne object of giving to tne party
making the apportionment a fraudulent
advantage. lne districts are made up to
be Republican or Democraiic, as the case
may be, and the voters of the minority
party are cheated out of a fair representa
tion in the Congressional delegation. This
is a prave evil, but it may be doubted
whether it would be cured or even much
ameliorated in the long run if Congress
were to take into its hands the making of
the Congressional districts."
Humors of Public Speaking.
A temperance orator, In the midst of a
moving discourse, deplored tne fact that a
friend resorted to the frequent use oi the
daily glass. The speaker said, "I stand
prostrate with astonishment."
Yet another feelingly told his audience
that it was "not the platform speaker, but
the house-to-house visitation and the
utterance of the silent word by the cailer
which did tlie most good." That was a
flight of fancy when a speafcer asked.
"Suppose if a balloon droi ped upon an
uninhabited island, what would the na
tives bay ?"
An old gentleman, stumbling through
au after-dinner speech, said :
"I — I have no more to say, and so — and
so— l'il make a few more remarks."
Kind was the announcement tnat "ihere
will be two more opportunities to hear the
lecturer once more." It wai wnen the
meeting ended that the chairman asked
the audience to '"close by singing just one
verse of the doxo"ogy."
Sir John Lubbocic, who has been con
sidering the ant and us ways for many
years, has ascertained that these active
insects may live to the age of 1") years.
«TEW 10-DAT.
One of our specialties is the
treatment of children's eyesight
by modern scientific methods
and with new and special instru-
ments for the examination. Test-
ing free.
A. NORDMAN. I. NORDMAN,
STANDARD OPTICAL Co.
217 Kearny Street, S. F.
56
MONGOL BROTHERS
COMMIT MURDER
Two Folsom Chinamen
Fatally Wound a
Third.
One Holds Their Foe While
the Other Crushes His
Skull.
Friends of the Victim Leave Him
to Gasp His Life Away In
Solitude.
FOLSOM, f'.a., April 17. —In a dis
cussion over the ownership of a pile of old
lumber to-day Ah Won and Ah Foo, two
Chinese residents, came 10 blows. A
brother of Ah Foo joined in, and the two
succeeded in yetting Ah Won down.
While Ah Foo held him his brother
pounded his head and body with a cobble
stone until he believed his life was ex
tinct. They took the boiy of Ah Won and
threw it over a rifteen-Joot bank into a de
aerted mining claim and then fl.-d.
There was an onlooker to the fracas,
and he hunted up Constable Michael
Burke and informed him of the supposed
tnurder. The officer hurried down
through Chinatown to where the fight had
taken place and captured the Chinese
brothers and landed them in the lock-up.
Ah Won was found to still have life in j
him. and after his injuries were attended !
to ne revived sufficiently to identify his ;
assailants. He was taken to his cabin, j
whera he was examined by the Chinese j
physicians, and as they pronounced his
case hopeless he was carried down to an j
old deserted cabin on the rivsr bank by !
the members of the company to which he j
belongs. They, after sticking a number j
of burning punks into the earth at his ,
head and feet, deserted him and left him
to ca?p his life away.
As the District Attorney was unable to
come ud and conduct the preliminary ex
amination to-day Constab.e Burke took
bis prisoners to Sacramento and lodged
them in the County Jail. Had they been
left here they would probably have been
killed by the fnenils of Ah Won.
Jiimrniir' gents Combine
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 17.— After
the recent reo-canizat!on of the Insur
ance fnderwriters' Association in
• r: : — r*
*/r /&h&>. GET NO OTHER.
\Jf}rE^ j vJC 1 I^iv/ Ul 1 lL<l\,t
e F °0 0 rn 1 1
GET NO OTHER. |
♦■, — *
I, |,).| | . l«_ I . I L_l . IJI I■l I L " ~~- M ~"""'J^l^
I '_"_*"'!T" . IP^ pri
& FoAll-.iATg CoWBTfATTOIf Of TBS i Hi*j^t|| lll Hll^i 1
IHsxzt ISsTKusm lul^^lllill I EasHl I
liiTar'aad Ki&®^ S©2a©dy $ |f^ i^ III!!
iillii 111 Rl 1
fta^ iillwH II I^H llt
j^gggto''blo JEdaarative jllH liffl 1
:In existence. A compound of the juices liili^llllillwSfl II
of Vegetable Alteratives fculigccoua to fil^f 1 1 |2?| III!
j California. fjijjimilj 1 11 Urn 1 ?' 11 1
PS33&X3Q O2TLT ST !'! lillillilli lf l^nl 1 1|[
J TSSISSWXH W. JOT OOXfAKT. P|| Hjj "
< Cast Fsahczeoo, CujunowfLs* IP iiiil I !!IBM*Hn!
! one genome viiksefc . this . signature: j;! K|
V»MMa«Mefc»feff«T. ||*in* Kti{ J \
CIS ff©S CIVS SO2AARS* i : : : ' (
ti whiill, __ ■«^ate^y^^rr*
' Francisco notice was sent to the city
■gents in Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose
; and other cities that their commissions
would bi reduced from 20 to 15 per cent.
| As a matter of protection the acents have
i formed a State association of their own,
every member of which-is pledged to ac
i cept no less than 20 percent. It is claimed
l that the Sacramento agents retain 20 per
i cent of all policies written anri forward
i the balance to the underwriters, ana a
| grand row may result.
PEST IN FRESNO VINEYARDS.
Vinehoppers Threaten the Destruction of
the Season's Wine and Raisin
Crop.
FRESNO. Cat,., April 17.— The vineyard
ists are alarmed over the ravages of the
thrips, or vir.ehopper, on the growing
vines this season. These little insects
threaten at tne present time to destroy
the coming crop of crapes. Already they
have come forth in such great numbers
that they have in places sapped the grow
ing canes and fruit forms of their vitality.
They do not feed uDon the structure of
the vine, but sap its strength by sucking
the juice of the tender cane and leaf.
The insects seem to be micratory. or
rather the air is full of them from 10 o'clock
in the morning until night, and as a result
the treated vines are immediately re
stocked with the pests.
A telegram was to-day sent to Professor
Hilgard of the Stat* University asking
t;.at eip?rts come immediately to study
the pen and devise means for its destruc
tion. It is expected that they will be on
the ground next week. Special effort will
be made to have Alexander Craw, the
noted specialist, visit Fresno and investi
gate the exis'ing conditions, which
threaten the destruction, of the wine and
raisin ctod.
Reports show the vinehopper is far
fewer in number and the damage least
where vineyards are piowed early and
deep. The depredations extend to rose
bushes, etc., and wh^re they hare done
their deadly wore the leaf lias a pepper
and-salt appearance.
DiKtributini Patronage in Kern.
BAKERSFIELD. Cal., April 17.— The
executive committee of the County Re
publican Central Committee met this
afternoon and decided on a plan of action
with reference to the disposition of the
postoffice "pap" within this county and
the receivership of the Land Office at Yi
salia. The y>lan is for the committee to
hear tho claims of all applicants; those
making the best showing are to be recom
mended to Senator TerEins for appoint
ment on April 24. The claims of those
seeking positions at Kern, Delano and
Garlock, the most prominent three post
offices outside of the county's capital, will
be heard, as will those of person* seeking
to be Receiver of the Land Office. On
May 8 the candidates for the LJakcrstield
office are to be parsed upon.
Tnrnnm lirokeinan Killed.
TACOMA, WASH., April 17.— William
A. Jones, a Northern Pacific brakeman,
acting as switchman at tbe Halfmoon
freight ynrd?, was run over and killed this
evening by h saitcli engine.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
M. J. DOLAN, Assistant Engineer of the Fire Department.
ENGINEER DOLAN'S
HEROIC DEED
He Rescued J. H. Rulffs
From Impsnding
Death.
Chief Engineer Sullivan Recog
nizss His Great
Bravery.
He Is Recommended to tbe Commis
sioners lor the Second Scan*
nell Medal.
Assistant Engineer Michael J. Dolan of
the Fire Department, stationed at encinn
bouse Id, on California street, between
Laguna and Buchanan, has so dis
tinguished hiirself as to call for the ap
proval of ttie chief engineer, who recom
mends that he be given a medal of honor.
The heroism by which Engineer Dolan
distinguished himself was at a fire on
Buchaaan street April 2, when a coal oil
l«mp was upset in a little notion-store on
Eddy street, alongside of the wood and
coal yard belonging to John H. Rulffs.
In consequence of the storage of several
cans of oil in the rear of the store the
flames were instantly communicated to
the woodshed and stables. In the stables
were some valuable horses belonging 10
Rulffs. He undertook to save them and
in so doing he collapsed from tbe dense
smoke and noxious fumes. In this condi
tion he fell prostrate and helpless. Hi«
moans were heard by Engineer Dolan,
who had entered the stable for the purpose
of freeing the horses.
« At the risk of his life be struggled man
fully in dragging ibe helpless form of
Kufffs from the perilous situation. This
was no small task, as the engineer is a
small man, while Rulffs is large and
heavy.
During the struggle Foreman William
J. Keneally of Engine Company 14 saw tbe
exhausted condition of his superior and
assisted in dragging Rulffs into the air.
After the rescue the brave little fireman
turned to aid and instruct his men,
wholly unmindful of tbe smarting burns
about hi- face and hands.
Chief Engineer Sullivan lost no time in
reporting this act of bravery to the Fire
Commissioners, recommending that the
"Dave Stannell medal" be bestowed upon
Dolan. Special mention was also made of
the bravery of Foreman Keneally.
The bestowal of the Bcanneli medal on
the proposed recipient will be the second
presentation since the gift was provided
for by the will of tbe iate Chief. Assist
ant Engineer John Wills was the first to
be thus honored.
FRESNO CITIZENS TRIUMPH.
Evangelist Johnson Causes the Last of
His Suits for Damages to Bo
Dismissed.
LOS ANGELES. Gib, April 17.— The
last of the numerous suits brought in the
Federal courts here against newspapers
and citizens of Fresno by Evangelist I. T.
Johnson was settled this forenoon by
Johnson's attorneys consenting to a judg
ment for the defendant citizens, and a
stipulation that each side pay its own
costs. This makes the third defeat for
Johnson during the past two weeks, and
leaves him without hope of ever recover
ing money for ttil lacerated feelings.
Johnson's last auit was against a nnm
ber of prominent citizens of Fresno who
formed a "committee of safety." which
took every precaution to protect the
preacher against the fury of an enraged
populace after the evangelist had ques
tioned the chastity of Fresno women.
The action grew out of tbe famous "citi
zens' meeting" at tbe Fresno National
Bank, wherein Johnson signed a state
ment expressing regret for his utterance
and his willingness to apologize.
One feature of these trials i-* of impor
tance. It was clearly set forth in the in
structions to the juries by Judge Wclborn
in the canes against the Fresno Republi
can and Expositor that there is a limit to
the aspersion of private character from
tbe pulpit by preachers, which, if disre
garded, renders them open to denuncia
tion by the public press.
PORTLAND WILL CONTEST FAILS.
Uillion-Dollar Vardict in Favor of the
Executors of W. S. Ladd's Last
Testament.
PORTLAND, Ob., April 17.— 1n the
United States District Court Judge Bel
linger to-day dismissed the bill of com
plaint in the suit of D. Albert Hiller and
Sarah F. Hiller of San Francisco vs. Caro
line A. Ladd, William M. Ladd, Charles
£. Ladd and John W. Ladd, executors oi
the last will and testament of Wiiliam 8.
Ladd, deceased. The decision, covering
every phase of the contest, is necessarily
lengthy, but is clear-cut, and tor»ver clears
the name and memory o" W. S. Ladd from
the aspersion cast upon it for the time be
ing that Ladd bad manipulated his
brother's estate to his own advantage and
the detriment of the widow, Mrs. Sarah
F. Hiller.
| This suit was brought to recover sums
apgrejsatiriK nearly $1,000,000, which Mrs.
Wilier, widow of J. W. Laid, and re
married, claimed were diverted from the
estate of her first husband through tho
fraudulent an<l deceptive handling of the
estate by \V. S. Ladd.
The principal item of the estate to
which fraud was charged was the manipu
lating of a block of 7600 shares oi Oregon
Railway and Navigation stock in the
creat Villard deal, which, with its cpnse
quent boom, brought a spasm of feverish
prosperity to Portland. This stock, Mrs.
Hilier alleged, with the exception of 950
shares, was converted by W. S. Ladd to
his own use and profit.
STOCKTCN'S FUSION TICKET.
Democrats and Rt pub/ cans Effect a Com
b/nation for the Municipal
Campaign.
STOCKTON. Cal., April n.-Business
was almost suspended to-day, so great was
the interest taken by Stockton's voters in
the conventions of the Republicans and
Democrats to nominate municipal tickets.
For the first time in tue history of Stock
ton these two factions united. Probably
there was never in the State so harmo
i nious an arrangement between the old par
ties, lv the Republican ranks there was
some dissension, but the majority of the
I delegates were heartily in favor of fusion,
and the opposition found its efforts futile.
! The Democrats were for fusion to a man,
and when the Republican committee
came into the convention to announce the
candidates it bad named, the old-time
rivals of the Democracy were greeted with
rousing cheers. Tie joint ticket putuDby
the old parties i? maae up of the follow
ing candidates:
Mayor— William Incite. Republican.
Street Superintendent — T. B. Littleton,
Democrat.
City Clerk— lke Robinson, Republican.
City Surveyor— il. T. Comt>tou, D»mocrat.
City Treasurer and Tux Collector— L 8.
Haines, Republican.
City Assessor— Captain William Bruce, Demo
crat.
councilman at large— Bruce Harrison, Demo
crat. «.
Councllmen— First Ward. J. J. Quinn, Demo
crat; s?oeo!id Ward, C. K. Williams, Repub
i llcan; Th.rd Ward, L. J. Wagner, Democrat;
Fourth Ward, W. C. NesrnWer, Republican.
School Directors— A. R. Bosue and E. W. S.
Woods, Democrats; Mrs. L, Clare Davis, at
large, Republican.
Library Trustees -Frank D. Nicol and Dr. S.
K. Cross, Democrats; Seivall Gower, Fred M.
West and (icorge Buck, Republicans.
In the Republican convention several ot
the delegates walked out when the fusion
was ratified.
SPEED vF IHf. OOLVEy GATE.
lhe JitrenuK Cutter Areragea fifteen
.••.'•. an Hour.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 17.— "She is
the smartest boat of her size I ever stepped
aboard of during thirty-three years' serv
ice." Such was tbe comment of Chief
Engineer A. A. Boyle of San Francisco,
machine inspector of all Pacific Coast
Government revenue cutters, to-nigbt,
after the speed trial of the harbor reve
nue cutter Golden Gate. With a new
crew, inexperienced in the use of Roslyn
cnal and unaccustomed to handling the
Ward water-tuba boiier with which the
vessel is supplied, tbe Golden Gate for six
hours, over a course to Port Townsend
and return, averaged 13 13 knots, or 15
miles an hour. The contract specifies that
it shall make only 11 knots an" hour.
Under favorable conditions Chief Boyle
believes the vessel can make 15 knots'an
hour.
Crime of a Chico Xegro.
CHICO, Cal., April 17— Tom Clark
(colored) made a murderous assault
upon his wife with a knife last evening
and cut her quite badly. Mrs. Clark, who
bad spent the evening at church, was met
on the way home by her husband, who
was in a jonlous frenzy, and had it not
been that tier cries for help brought im
mediate assistance she would undoubtedly
had been killed. Clark is locked in the
city prison, charged witn assault to com
mit murder.
JFatal Accident at Sautnlito.
BATJSALITO, Cal., April 17.— Charles
Stewart, the son of well-to-do parents in
Liverpool, died to-day from the effects of
a fall on the British ship Osborn, lying off
Sausalito. Stewart was an apprentice lad,
about 17 years of age and a general favorite
with those on the vessel. On Thursday
nieht he fell down the fore hold and
sustains! serious injuries. He was taken
to St. Mary's Hospital in San Francisco,
where he died to-day.
Sacramento footpad foiled.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 17.— At a
late hour last night a footpad attempted
to hold up Captain Siddons, one*of the
beat-known pioneers of the State, as be
was on his way home, but the promptness
with which the old forty-niner drew his
revolver blocked the highwayman's job
and the fellow lost no time in getting
away.
V, ay— hip. Go to San Fettro,
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. April 17.— The
United States steamers Monterey and
Monaduock left to-day for San Pedro,
where they will remain for a week during
the Los Anpeles Fle?ta.
Why Ad itiii Never Whb a Batty. --' •' I
A Sunday-school superintendent at the
close of an address on the creation, which
he was sure he had kept within the com
p.ehension of tbe lease intelligent of the
scholars, smilingly invited questions.
A tiny boy with a white eager face and
iarpe brow at once held up his liana.
"Please, sir, why was Adam never a
baby?"
The superintendent coughed in some
doubt as to what answer to give, but a
little eiri of 9, the eldest of several brothers
and sisters, came promptly to His aid.
"Please, bit," s>ee -a-d sn-.arty, "there was
nobody to nuss him ! '— Tid-Bits.
Advances made on furniture and pianos with
or without removal. >oouan, 1017-1073 Mission.
I SALE AT THE MAZE TO-MORROW! J
-■> — *
4*. We are next door to selling out— offering our goods without profit to ourselves. At
the price we sell Roods we should be packed all day long. We think we sell cheaper
|! than any house in town, for we know others could not exist on our earnings. The truth
jt of this will appeal to you when visiting us. To-morrow we start the sale of our Dress
Goods Department. We are going to clean it up, and offer every yard in it at a loss to us. *f*
4* Downstairs, in our Wash Goods Department, we offer you anything we have from lc to *£•
A. lOc a yard less than any one else. Walk downstairs, it won't hurt you, and every step
T£ down means a quarter to the good of your bank account. SELLING CHEAP TO-MORROW.
*-
T WE WILL SELL TO-MORROW—
J; Crepons at 50c a yard that sold j
T? for $1.
4* WE WILL SELL TO-MORROW—
J4 Silk and Wool Dress Goods at 50c
if that sold for $1. '
I? WE WILL SELL TO-MORROW—
~%? The Highest Art Novelty Dress
Jg Goods at 51 that sell from $1 50 to I
£? $3 a yard. These are Pattern Suits,
*•£* and were originally sold from $12 50
4* to 530. -: ■■'■;?
£ WE WILL SELL TO-MORROW—
1)C French Printed All-wool Challies
*g* at 25c and 35c a yard that sold at 50c
4* and 75c.
£ WE WILL SELL TO-MORROW—
£ Novelty Checks and Mixtures at
25c and 35c that sold at 50c and 60c.
J& We want to move our dress goods j
T; stock, and these prices we hope will
"I* doit.
% BLACK DRESS GOODS.
T WE WILL SELL TO-MORROW—
•^ At 35c — 46-in. Black Figured All-
<^r wool Novelty Dress Goods that we
♦■ sold from 50c to 75c.
T? At 65c we will sell the Black j
4* Figured Dress Goods we sold at $1, i
<k etc., all the way through.
•? At 75c we will sell Black Dress
•«|£ Goods that formerly sold at $1 25.
1 BLACK SILKS CHEAP.
*£ At Stripes and Brocades that
&■ are bargains at 75c to $1.
«- At 75c — Black Satin and Gros Grain j
*? Figures that are awful cheap at $1 25. j
4* At I— Black Figured Silks you'll
*. never buy again under $1 50.
* LININGS 7HEAP.
■^ I2' : c grade Silesia for 6!£C.
jz^ 1214c Rustle Lining for 6>£c.
"* i2';.c Grass Cloth for 6>^c.
~£t I2'^c Linen Canvas for 6'^c.
j& 35c Fiber Interlining for 15c.
■"* 20c Imitation Hair Cloth for sc.
•^r Lining Cambrics for 4c.
J& 4-yard piece Binding Velveteen, sc.
SMALL WARES
j£ CHEAPER THAN ANY ONE.
♦? Ladlei' Black Hose Supporters, 10:,
• . worth --'Oc.
iC? 1 iiflu-s' Leather Belts. 10c, worth 253.
f-. Celluloid Hairpins. 8c dozen, worth 20c.
IVarl Buttons, 2 d zen t >r lUc, worth ifOc
• ■ 13 packages liairpins lor sc, worth 12-i/aC.
American Pins, lc a paper, worth 3c.
t Lisle Elastic Webbing. 7c, worth 12%c.
<^.ji bheetJUuslc 3 pteces for sc.
*• So.ip, 3 Cukes In a box, 6c. cheap at 10c.
Jj. Parker's ■ ewlng Cotton, 2c a spool.
*>• Black ai.d White Casing, 9-yard piece 3?.
*\ All-Silk Kibbons. ail colors, 5c worth 10c.
<? Children's White Mulle Bonnets, 10c,
Jt" 4 slightly soiled, worth 35c.
Jit*»\ "it w" k^ftM^ 'p<»q7
THE ACCIDENT
TO THE OREGON
Not Difficult to Locate
the Blame Where It
Belongs.
The Commander of the Ship
Is Probably Not Respon
sible.
An Incident That Happened Some
Years Ago at the Mare Island
Yard.
VALLEJO, Cal., April 17.— The acci
dent to the Oregon is one for which others
than the captain of the ship would seem
to be responsible, and it should not be at
all difficult to locate the blame where it
properly belongs. The naval station,
Port Orchard, as it is named in earlier re
rorts and is still designated by the chief
of bureau of yards and docks, or Sidney,
as it waa termed in the Navy Register up
to 1597, when it was changed to Bremer
ton, has had a line officer as commandant
since February, 1893, and a civil engineer
since May, 1*:<1, and as the drydock was
completed and tested in April last year it
is natural to infer that the water in front
of the dock was dredged to the requisite
depth to allow ships to enter.
In the report of ihe bureau of yards and
docks of October 1, 1896, the following
statement is mad* under tbe subject of
dredging:
A channel 100 feet wide has been dredged
from the entrance to the dock for a distance
of 30 0 feet, and thence widening at an angle
of 15 degrees on each side oi the axis of the
dock. A depth of thirty-six feet at low water
has been secured.
Now unless the ship got out of its
proper course to a considerable extent the
grounding of the Oregon, which draws
less than 26 feet, can only be accounted
for by assuming that the work of dredg
ing was not thoroughly done and that a
bank of clay and other material from the
cofferdam was not removed. If this is so
it would appear that some one in author
ity is responsible for not having the proper
soundings made.
An accident similar to that to the Ore
gon would undoubtedly have occurred at
Mare Island ten years ago, when tbe dock
there was ready for service. The coffer
dam was removed in April, 1886. and dur
ing the same month a trial oi the pumps
took place. In March, 1837, the civil en
gineer reported to the commandant that
the dock was sufficiently completed to re
ceive ship 9, and the coramanciant ordered
the naval constructor tv render a report
after due inspection of the dock.
The naval constructor luckily did not
conhne himself to an inspection of the
dock and appurtenances, but had sound-
Lniti made over a large area of the water
front where the ships would tie up to the
wharf, nnd also of the entrance to the
dock. By means of a sweep or a small
chain fastened at one end to a pile and
with the bight dragging on the bottom,
three piles were located, the tops of which
were only six to eight feet below high
water, and those piles were in ciose prox
, imity to tht nhtil near the entrance of
Millinery.
If you want the Swellest, Prettiest and
Cheapest Millinery in San Francisco you'll
find it at The Maze. We have knocked
competition silly. Our prices and styles
speak for themselves. We are doing the
Millinery Trade of San Francisco. It's style
and price that do it. ; -^i*
Violets, 24 in a bunch, with foliage, ioc,
worth 25c.
Bunch of six velvet Pansies 25c, every-
where 50c.
Moss Rose and foliage ioc, everywhere
50c. ; ;:^V
Twelve Poppies in bunch 25c, every-
where 50c.
Branches of Marguerites, Daisies, Ap-
ple Blossoms, silk Poppies, Roses and
Buds and other flowers 25c, anywhere 50c.
Two Roses and 2 Buds 15c, anywhere 25c
Sailors trimmed for ladies or children
25 c, worth 500
Sailors trimmed for ladies or children
50c, anywhere 75c.
Untrimmed Hats 50c and 75c, every-
where 75c and $1.
Trimmed Walking Hats 39c, every-
where 75c.
Trimmed Dress Hats $5 and $750,
with more style and value to them than
you'll find for half as much more any-
where. Untrimmed Hats and Materials
for less than they are sold at wholesale.
Cloaks and Suits.
Don't do anything here' until you've
seen us. We will save you a barrel of
money. This is the worst season San
Francisco ever saw. It's skirts and waists
only. Now we will sell our Jackets,,!
Capes and Suits, all this season's goods,
for less money than you can buy as good
anywhere in town. We, will lose big
money, too, for we will have to do it in
the end. Here are some of our prices.
I Come and see the goods :
Tan Kersey Capes $2 50, worth 55.
Black Kersey Capes $5, worth $10.
Navy Kersey Capes $6, worth $12 50.
Ladies' Tan or Green Jackets $5, worth
$7 50.
Ladies' Empire Jackets $7 50, worth
$12 50.
Ladies' Kersey Jackets $12 50, worth 520
Ladies' Imported Capes, no two alike,
being an importer's samples, all colors,
from 10 to 525 apiece, and being only 40c
on the Si of first cost.
Children's Jackets, 4 to 12 years, $1,
worth $2.
Ladies' Black Silk Dress Skirts $4 95,
worth $8 50.
Ladies' Black Figured Skirts, $1 50,
$2 50, $4. These are three extra special
bargains.
Ladies' Black Boucle and Diagonal
Skirts $1 50, worth $2 50.
Ladies' Tailored Suits 5, worth $7 50.
the deck where the ships would make fast
after leaving the dock. The bank in front
— some fifty feet out — only gave twenty
feet at high water, and on March 26 the
constructor furnished the commandant
with the above fact 3in writing. Strange
as it may appear t c commandant pro
fessed to be highly indignant, and with
the civil engineer questioned the accuracy
ot the report, asserting that the submerged
piles were a myth. The constructor in
vited the commandant to come down to
the water front and see for himself, but to
this proposal he reiuaed to listen, and
contented himself with saying there were
no submerged piles.
On April 5. however, the civil engineer,
having apparently become convinced that
the piles W6re not a myth, came down be
fore bell ring, and with a luff and tackle
wo:Ked by four yokes of oxen succeeded
in pulling up the sunken piles, one of
which, twenty feet long and fourteen
inches in diameter, stuck sixteen feet in
the mud. Subsequently a dredger came
DP from San Francisco, and with much
difficulty removed the bank of blue clay
and dredged the entrance to a depth of
.8 feet for a width of 100 feet.
But still the troubles were not over.
Near the lower or east side of the dock
was a small wharf lor the landing of
material. The intervening space was too
small for any ship-of-war, hence no atten
tion was paid to it. On October 21 the
scow-schooner Alameda, owned by Com
modore Philip Caduc, loaded with br.ck
tied up to the wharfside nearest the docs.
in woeful ignorance of submerged piles.
During the night the scow became im
paled upon one ol these monsters through
the falling tide and sunk, and it took
several days to relieve the craft of her
predicament, when she was hauled ud on
the ways and repaired at Government ex
pense. Philip Caduc subsequently began
a suit lor damages with unrecorded re
sult.
These incidents coupled with the acci
dent to the Oregon point strongly to
ward neglect of the officers of the station.
In the event of non-removal of the sub
merged piles near the Mare Island dock a
ship of more than eight feet draught of
water would surely have become spitted,
and the captain of the ship could not in
justco be blamed for the gross neglect of
the officials of the navy-yard.
"DRY" SUNDAY FOR T A CO MA.
Chief of Police Hoge Dec/ares That Ha
Will C/cse (he City's Saloons
To-day.
TACOMA, Wash., April 17 A row
which stirs the entire city is on between
the Popo-fusion leaders in the municipal
government. Chairman Teats of the
civil service commission takes the ground
that Tacoma is a wicfced city, and he has
threatened to file charges against Chief of
Police Hoge, who got into office through
the commiision. At 2 o'clock this morn
inn Hoge called in all policemen not on
duty and lea a raid on gambling-houses,
resulting in the arrest of twenty men al
leged to have been gambling in four sa
loons.
More important still, Chief Hoge has
announced his intention of closing every
saloon on Sunday. Th« saloon men de
clare they will ri K ht, and all are Jikaly to
be arrested to-morrow. It will be the first
"dry 1 ' Sunday in Tacoma's history if Hoge
makes good his word.
In the Municipal Court to-dty John
Sullivan, proprietor of the Paragon earn
blinfi-rooms, was fined $20. and the other
cases went over until Tuesday. Sullivan
took an appeal. Two weeks ago the
Ramblers were fined $25 each, sucu fines
being practically regarded as license
money.
J*oar John L. Can't Fight.
XEWYORK. N. V., April 17. -Frank
Morau 4 Jobn. L.'s old manager, is indig
WASH goods #
i downstairs. |
Don't be foolish— let your
curiosity take you downstairs
if your better judgment doesn't
dictate it to you. We are *y
money-savers and world-beat- 4%+
ers on Wash Goods. See the 4^.
array of Wash Goods at sc; 6\c, j+
7\c and BJc that we have on gf
sale — hundreds of pieces and
from i\c to 65c a yard less than *?
any other store in town. . Get ££*
our prices on Linens and Dra- $£.
peries on Window Shades, and
you'll be in the basement every jf
time you have anything to pur- *5T
chase in the line of Domestics. *r
$>
kiL
Delphine Suitings come in blue and *5T
black, and the newest designs in *&.
printings, sc, made to sell at ioc. «,
Dress Ginghams, sc, the ioc qual- TzT
ity. .„■> ... . . 4&
Organdie Duchess, 7^c, an Arneri- -.2
can Organdie in beautiful colorings. 7$T
Other stores get i2»^c for them. *S*
Pretty Printed Dimities, 7Kc' No 2
one will sell you this quality under *s*
ioc. .c ■;. " . ' ■ "■ ■&.
French Printed Piques, B^c, worth 3
150 - tST
Clover Flannels, B^c, a bargain at ■££►
ioc. 3
Silk-striped Challi, B^c, originally *r
25c. $£.
Guipure Lace Printed Lawns, Bjsc,
cheap at I2^c. *^
. Mona Lace Stripes, Bj^c, worth £L
MMC. 3.'
Fine Striped Batistes, B»^c, worth- "^
I2J<C. V
Lappet Mulls, I2j^c,every where 15c :F
and 20c. - _. "^
Tissue . Broderie, 25c, everywhere &*
29c to 40c. :£
French Dotted Dimities and Or- *&
i gandies, 45c, nowhere under 50c and ££+
jas high as 75c. - • 2
• —
! SUNDRIES IN *£>
OUR BASEMENT. *§*
O^lnch Berry Bowl. 10c, worth 20c . ■ /•
9%-ln. Glass Water Bottle. 10c, worth 30c. "^T
7 - inch Fancy Japanned Teapot, 10c, -•
worth 20c. ' •»
14-lnch Silvering Tray, 10c. worth 20c t2l
600 sheets Roll Toilet Paper. 3c, worth 10c. ■&?►
. Box or Note Paper and Envelopes, 6c *Z
worth 10c. •£*
Child's Carpet Sweeper, 25c, worth 00c. *-*
14-inch Dress Doll. 25c, wor.h 50c. ! ■ i3L
. Wagon full of Building Blocks, 12c, worth v»
25 \ . — — ■ - ; 4
nant over the fact that Sullivan has chal
lenged Fitzsimmons. "John Is in no
shape to fight, " said Moran; "ne's very
fat and can't go upstairs without stum
bling or enter a carriage without trip
ping. Fitz is right in ignoring the chal
lenge."
Shnrkey in .N<w lork.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 17.-Tom '
Sharkey and Manager Lynch arrived to
day to arrange for a fight with Maher
They will meet the latter's backer here
next week
JtfJEW TO-DAT.
film"
M DRUG CO.
; JS CUT-RiTE
JPSUISTS.
WE ABE AGENTS FOB
RAYMOND'S FLORAL PERFUMES 1
All the Popular Odors.
• ■ ■ ■' ' ■ .;.:••■>,
l-ounce Bottles, regular price 50c, cut to 35c bottle
jounce Bottles, regu.ar price «1. cut to 60c bottle
4-ounce Buttles, regular price «1 50. cut to $1 bottle
Raymond's Olive Oil Complexion Soap!
_ Containing Lana Oil, Buttermilk and Glycerine.
Price per cake, lOe; per box 3 cakes. 25c.
A SPECIAL DKIVE IN OUR
STATIONERY DEPARTMENT.
One-pound package of "Valley, Field" cream-
laid Writing Paper, regular price 25c a .
package, cut to 10c a pound package
One-pound package "Dalkeith" Linen Writing *
Taper, woitn *«25c a package, special at.... '
' , •••• .10c a pound package
Jew Goods in Ladies' Pocketbooks.
American Seal Combination Purse, silver cor-
ners ........■;:....'.". .v. ...;... 60c
New Shades Monkey-skin, with double "clasp! 75c
Genuine Alligator Purses, with sterling ini-
tial ......"......■...;...... ....81
No charge for printing name on "purses' when
price is *1 or over. •
60 styles Fursei, new shades 11 25 to SI
Sin Francisco— ll3B Market Street.
Oakland— and Broadway.
T.OB Angeles— 33o South Spring Street.
GREAT BARGAINS \
IN
SECOND-HAND
BICYCLES
Of All the Standard Makes. •
Don't delay, but call at once and secure
a "good thing."
LEAVITT & BILL, \\
3.03 Larkin St., San Francisco.d3rs . ■ o&ill
BUKDAY APRIL 18. 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater — Primrose »nd West's
Minstrels.
Colttmria Theater -'Squire Kate.'"
Columbia Thkateb.— Concert Thursday after
noon.
Morocco's Opera-Hoi-sk -"The Walfi of New
York.
Alcazar Theater.— "Called Back"
Tivoli Opera House.— "Lily of Klllarney."
' Orphedu— High-Class Vaudeville.
J tut ink Baths.— Salt Vater Bathing, etc.
Ptttro Baths. Bathing and Performances.
The Chutes and Skating Kink— Daily at
Haigbt street, one block east of the Park.
central Park.— Baseball.
bOjJ&KM Gate Park— Golden G»t« Park Ban d
Mechanics' PAVii,io>--Spanlsti Carnival Mas-
querade, Saturday evening. April 24.
Pacific Coast Jockkv Ci.i'b.— Races to-morrow
PICNICS A.ND EXCURSIONS.
. El Cam rr>— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every feundaj-.
Kxcoksiox— To Mare Island Navy Yard and
Vallejo.
SHELL MOCND PARK.— PICnIC
AUCTION :Ai-cS.
rv Killip * —Tuesday, April 20, Horses,
' at Palo Alto Farm.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Five State i rit on convicts will be released on
parole in July.
Large crowds are expected to drive over the
Balboa avenue to-day.
An epidemic of diphtheria has broken out in
ti. < Children's Hospital.
There Will be a song service at the First
Baptist Church this evening.
Three of the grand lodges of California
Masonry will be in cession this week.
Elaborate decorations have been made in all
i tlie i uu:ciH> for the Easier services to-day.
II is* Sarah Truax ana Guy C. Post of the Otis
Skiuner theatrical company will be married
to-day.
Cloudy and probably occasional light
f-prinkles Sunday— W. H. Hammon, forecast
official.
shop Nichols will conduct special services
fit Cyprets Lawn to-morrow morning »t 10
o'c-oc*.
M. J. Brandenstein has sued A. Sumraerfleld
.'or -*714 47, due on account of goods sold and
delivered.
The n. x! session of the Knights and Ladles
ol Honor nil: be held in the Alcazar building,
on Tuesday.
A flock of nearly 250 humming-birds invad
ed the steamer Walla Walla when off the Men
dociuo coast.
W. G. Hughes has sued Joseph Reddington
lor $2449 ?•_', said to be due on a Judgment se
cured it 1892.
The work on theTiburon county road, which
is beinK done by .-mi Quentin convicts, is pro
gressing rapidly.
A large force of men was at work yesterday
preparing the grounds at the Presidio for the
military tournament.
W. H. H. Hart was sued yesterday in the
Justice Court by William George for $144 95
for services rendered.
Ostler Joe, Montalvo, Unity, Rosormonde,
Ruinart end Ci e-Hrian captured the running
even ts nt Emeryville yesterday.
The certificates of membership in the Lin
coln Monument League have been designed
and wii: be ready lor issue next week.
Harriet E. Haskell. deceased, left an estate
worth $2000. Her widower, Francis E. Has
keli, has applied for letters of administration.
Two new electric light and power companies
are preparing to enter the local field against
the Consolidated Gas and Electric Light Com
pany.
Mrs. Auguste Bishop has applied for letters
testamentary to the estate of her late hus
band. James W. Bishop. The estate it valued
at $1000.
Eight young Massachusetts girls desiring
I employment recently wrote an interesting let
•r to Governor Budd with regard to coming
o California.
The United States Commissioner of Naviga
ion :..** .rricU'd permission to the owner of j
the schooner George and Olive, to change her
name to Mirth.
The Bohemian Club celebrated its twenty
fifth anniversary and the eightieth birthday
of George T. Bromley by giving a grand ben
quet last night.
Suit has been instituted against J. C. Dicgins
and Byron Digelosby D. A. Curtain for $750,
pa: i to be due on account ol services performed
by Louis Cravre.
The State Prison directors have decided not
to make a show of the hanging of Dnrraht.
Only a few invitations to witness the execu
tion will be issued.
Mrs. Mary J. Cameron has applied for letters
of administration on the estate of Annie E.
Hlxon, deceased. The estate consists of real
property in this City. %
John A. Saner has sued R. O. Falk, adminis
trator of th-, estate of David W. Hall, deceased,
to quiet title to valuable property in the
vicinity of Bernal Heights.
Thieves have been going the rounds of the
British ships tied up In Siiusalito Bay. Nearly
every one of the captains is mourning the loss
of more or less money or clothing.
The try-out <l League of the Cross Cadet
companies, to decide which four will compete
for the Montgomery medal on the 29th lnst.,
takes place at Mechanics' Pavilion to-day.
Mrs. E. L. Phillips has won her point in the
effort- to dismiss her divorce complaint
n gainst her husband, A. G. Phillips. She wants
half his fortune, which is said to be
$1,600,000.
Judge Webb of Fresno County, sitting in
Judge Carroll Cook's department of the Supe
rior Court, yesterday sentenced Ng Ah Push to
teen years in the State prii-.on tt San Quen
tin for burglary. . ;
A coal bucket fell from the bunkers at Fol
som-street wharf into the hold of the steamer
Wellington yesterday and killed one man,
dangerously injured another and slightly
wounded a third.
The children of the Geary-street Jewish
EnDbath School will next Wednesday evening,
nt the California Theater, produce the cantata
of "Ruth and Naomi," tor the benefit ot the
fund for the unemployed.
/ On the way down the coast the captain of
}• ." Walla Walla sighted some wreckage that
I looked like part of the deckhouse of a wooden
Vhip. Shipowners are wondering if It could
be part of the overdue Samaria.
On Ninth avenue yesterday a test was made
of a tecently patented device to prevent
burglars from entering a vault. The opening
< f the vault by violence breaks a glass tu Do
containing a chemical compound.
The Young Women's Christian Association
will give an entertainment at 1221 O'Farrell
street, Tuesd ay, April 20, commencing at P. m.
A farce, ".The Veneered Savage," will be pre
sented. All are cordially invited to be present.
X raw TO- DAT.
"WeiVl.ake*
less v money — and so does
your grocer — on Schilling
Best
tea baking powder
coffee flavoring extracts
soda spices
than on adulterated stuff.
Why do we do it ? Why
do some grocers sell Schil-
ling Best liberally?
It is pure; you like it;
you like the grocer who
/sells' it; you buy more of
nim — Schilling Best and
other things.
Your money back if you
don't like Schillings Best.
A Schilling & Company
Sao Francisco 698
DECKED IN
EASTER'S
BLOSSOMS
Churches Make Glad Pre
parations ior the Fes
tival Services.
PRODIGAL DISPLAY OF
FLOWERS.
Lilies and Lilac*, Ferns aDd
Palms in Artistic Pro
lusion.
PULPITS TKANSFOEMED TO
BEAUTY BOWESS.
I
Enthusiastic Vo'unteers Successfully
Striv to Mak «PliCes of Worship
Unusua ly Attractive.
"Christ is Risen." A hundred trained
choirs will this morning carol forth tbe
clad tidings in this city. Their voice- |
will float out upon an atmosphere redolent
with the fragrant breath of spring. From
a thousand conservatories, from countless
flower plots, from the sunny slopes of <
neighboring hills and from the shady re
cesses where grow the delicate ferns and
climbing vines Flora Das been invoked to ,
give of her bounty to the sacrea thanks- !
giving oi Easter-tide. No humble chapel !
is too poor to have Us aitar made beautitu!
with lilies to-day, and, indeed, In the j
plenitude of blossoms which here abound
the more pretentious congregations can
outrival their poorer brethren materially
out in opportunities for display.
In almost every edifice in the City there
were volunteer committees composed
mainly of ladies who were working ener
getically and cheerfully in beautifying
their respective places of worship. The
pulpits, altar? and chance's, being t;p
centers of observation, naturally secured
a monopoly of the decorators' attention,
and a? a result almost t-very minister in •
tbe « ity will to-day preach from a bower ■
of beauty. The weather forecaster, who 1
seems to have a penchant for saying dis- I
agreeable thinK*, has been unkind enough
to threaten a showery day, btit showers or
no showers within the various churches it
will be spring in all its delicate, witc ing
beauty.
If the beautiful mnsic which accom
plished and earnest singers have been
rehearsing, the subtle argument advanced
by each sweet flower, and the genrral air
of chaste giadiiess which pervades the
hou;<* of worship aid not the preacher in i
his efforts to reach the heart of the hard- |
est sinner who c:.n to-day be . ured to ser- !
vices th^n hearts are mo*t monstrous hard
or the preacher has mistaken bis calling.
In the decoration of the First Unitar an i
Church the ladies, unler the direction of
Miss Curtis', struck hippiiy tho key of the
interior structure's beauty. There inhere
no auemi t at the profusp banking of
myriad flowers which harrtonizes well
with those edifices whose inieriors are Kss
stately.
There is, however, no lack of adorn
ment and the resu.tß of the ladies' artistic
efforts were most pleasing. Ex ending
from the choir nailery entirely about Hie
chancel is a row of colla lilies, each show
ing a long stem. The chandeliers and
altar r.osts are encased in Mateiy, delicate
ferns. On ibe stand in front of the lectern
were vases of roses and a jardiniere of tall
St. Joseph lilies. Back of the pulpit
while roses accentuate a lacework ot ereen
vines. Ivy was draied about tue wain
scoting at the sides of the church.
1 Tbe Calvary Presbyterian Church deco
rations are simple in the extreme, but
withal effective. On each side of the pul-
Vit is a great bunch of calla lilies, and n
third rests upon a table imraeiinteiy in
fiontof th- lectern. A great cluster of
the some flowers is attached to the r»d
curtain in the rear of the pulpit.
Tbe beautiful altar of St. Mary's Cathe
dral, witn its rich and costly furniture,
make effective adornment there a matter
of comparative simplicity, yet t!:ere i«
evidence that unusual skill and care have
b en exercised in its decoration for to
day. Tbe tabernacle, always an object of
exquisite beauty, is the culmination o: th
decorators' skill.
Its pure white is relieved by artistically
arranged clusters of ferns and palms, and
imbedded in these are bouquets of calla*
Near t • cbanceJ rail, immediately in
front of the altar, nr« two large silver
vases containing St. Joseph lilies. About
the altar are arranged palms, ferns a:.':
other poited plants. These, with i he
richly ornamented candelabra showing
against the rich green altar carpet form a
mo t impressive and artistic picture.
O .c of tiie brightest and most tastetulh
decorated churches is the First Congrei; i
tional. Here a great white cross, with «
background of green showing only at the
has?, is hung high on the organ, which i<
back of the puipit. At the left of the
cross i« a wreath of purple iris and on tee
rig ft t is a wreath of niari -olds. Bfmlfar
wreaths adorn tlie chandeliers on each
side. The baptismal font at the right is
banded with wiiite and purple lilac?.
in front of tbe altar is a table bearing
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APKIL 18, 1897.
jardinieres ot St. Joseph lilies and of roses.
The committee which had charge of the
decorations here was composed of:
Miss Annie Childs, Mrs. J. Littlefield,
Mrs. J. T. McDonald, Miss Lonise Hoff
man, Miss Myrtle Simpson, Miss Dessie
Simpson, Miss Susie Skiiliscorn, Miss
Anna Onyon, Louis J. Harrison.
One of the most striking features of the
decorations at the Central Method ist Epis
copal Church was a large cross of caila
lilie?, which occupied a position on the
pulpit. From the intersection at tbe pin
nacle of the pipe-organ of two festoons of
white a dove was suspended. A. b;:nk of
callas extended about the edge of the pul
pit and large clusters of roses were every
where in evidence.
The decoratine committee consisted of
Miss Laura Morconi. Mi-s Francis Joyner,
Miss Lillie Morcom, Miss Florence Porter,
E E Quayie, P. Halls, J. R. Largo, Miss
Su^ie Ariboit, Harry Bibb.
The decorations at the Grace Episcopal
Church are to some extent traditional.
Each year the scheme of beautifying the
church is somewhat ibe same, and only
the details are improved upon. The altar
is made beautiful by memorial crosses.
Oi the-e the most striking is the one
which Mrs. Stanford, following her uni
versal custom, has contributed to the
memory ol tx<T iiusband and son.
It is an elaborate affair composed of
pink begonias, white lilacs and delicate
roses. In tie chancel the lines of perma
nent adornment are followed by c> iumns
of gillyflower , and the an me plan is
partially pursued in the body of the
church. At the rear is a great rustic cross
bearing a wreath of ivy. lilies and roses
abound within the ctiancel.
These are only a few of the many places
of worship which have been m.tde on usu
ally attractive lor to-day's services. For
the sake of dainty headuear, it is to be
hoped the weather prophet in his rain
talk has made a mistake. Such things
have happened, but rain or thine there is
alm^s 1 cf rtain to be a large congregation
in every church to-day, and in pan at least
it will be due to the flowers.
Jieautiful Women.
Many unfortunate women are to-day
humiliated Dy the presence on the face of
superfluous hair, moles, warts, wrinkles,
blackheads, p;mples, birth marks, freckles,
etc. After muc i travel, study and ex
perience in the art of malting women
beautiful Dr. and Mrs. Traverse have es
tablished their offices and parlors in the
St. Ann's Liuildintr, 6 Eddy street, opposite
the Baldwin Hotel, and are now able to
work phenomenal changes in the lace and
complexion. Ladies leaving their parlors
at the completion ot treatment will have
a perfect and lovely complexion, free ,rom
all facial biemishes of every description.
The fees charged by Dr. and Mrs. Traverse
are so very reasonable and moderate that
these facial treatments are within the
reach of all.
A Wayward Girl,
Annie Koelor, a prett • girl from Oakland,
who has been living with Harry P. Smith in a
tiouoeon Mason street, was arrested yesterday
morning by Detective Anthony and Police
man W. W. Wilson. Her mother was com
municated with and took her home. Smith
whs also urrested and bookea on the charge of
vagrancy.
Burned Her Face.
Mrs. Elsie Lewi", 520 Bush street, attempted
to swallow the contents of a bottle of carbolic
acid early yesterday morning just to tease her |
husband. Her face was badiy burned, and |
she was taken to the Kece'viiiß Hospital. She ;
declares -he will take other means when she I
wants to tease her husband again.
NEW SOURCES Of
LIGHT AND POWER
Two Additional Companies
Preparing to Enter
the Field.
Dec'ine in the Market Value of
the Oid C mpany's
Shares.
One of tb-- N w Enterprises Will
Etvct Its Plant Near th? Ap.
praisers' Bn:!d-n».
Plans are rapidly maturing for the es
tablishment of two new electric light and
power companies in this Ciiy to compete |
with the recently organized Consolidated
Gas ami E ectric Light Company, which
comprises the EdiSuii L'ght and Power
Cornnany ana the San Francisco Gaslight
Company.
A knowledge of this situation has evi
dently affected the market value of the
shares of tue consolidated company, fnr
its stock has shown a gradual decline for
the past few days.
Onoof the intending comietitors for the
light and power patronage of the com- I
ramiity was incorporated on Wednesday
under the title of the Bay City Electr.c
Lij;ht and Power Company. Its capital
j stock is plnced at $750,000, and the incor
■ porators are Louis de Rome, Henry G.
• Knowles, G. W. West, l*red Mueller and
j William F. Gibson. F. W. Harris, a
wealthy grocer, is credited with be ng be
hind the scheme, and others of means are
also reported to be ready to provide finan
cial backing for it.
John D. Soreckeli is prominently men
tioned in connection with similar corpora
tion. He has been taking great interest
in tbe local light supply, situation, as the
Spreckels properties, including the
Emma Spreckels and Spreckels' Market
buildings are large consumers of elec
tricity, and a otiil larger customer for this
commodity will be the huge edifice, which
is to be the home of The Call, now near
ine completion on the scuihwest corner of
Market and Third streets. Ii is proposed !
to organize a company which will have as !
a promising nuileui for its business the
patronage of tlu-.^e propert es. Sun Fran
cisco mm h;ive started the proj°ct. and
there is said to be ample local and Eastern
capital bad: of it.
Another factor that is said to have a
bearing on the decline of the shares of the j
| consolidated company is the operation of
i the Mutual Electric Company, which has !
! been in the field for the past few years,
| and which has been steadily extending its
| busine?-s.
?-";';• V NEW TO-DAT. r:iVV^
I Drs. Maybe and Mustbe. |
# 1/1 k3* - X'ldj Uv dilU ItIUo IU v« #
(» You choose the old doctor before the young one." (f|p
tWhy ? Because you don't want to entrust your life in IjP
inexperienced hands. True, the young: doctor may be Hf
A experienced. But the old doctor must be. You take no /gv
§ chances with But the old doctor must be. You take no |j| :
chances with Dr. Maybe, when Dr. Mustbe is in reach. |j|
Ip Same with medicines as with medicine makers — the
W long-tried remedy has your confidence. You prefer W
% • • ■ t. ■ j •
experience to experiment — when you are concerned. m>
|g\ The new remedy may be good — but let somebody else j||
(|g| prove it. The old remedy must be good — judged on. (|§|
w) its record of cures. Just one more reason for choosing fjP
w AYMR'S Sarsaparilla in preference to any other. It has JJP
k been the standard household Sarsaparilla for half a cen- IK
|j| tury. Its record inspires confidence — 50 years of cures. |j|
® If others may be good, Ayers Sarsaparilla must be. You |jp
HP take no chances when you take ATFBR'S Sarsaparilla. IP
(JP Stin have doubts? Send for the *' Curebook." (|J|
jf.^. It kills doubts and cures doubters. /*^\
HP J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass. .
One of Hie proposed new companies is
said to iiave decided to erect its plant in
the Tioinity of the Appraisers' building.
Negotiations are now in progress for the
purchase of real estate in ttiat vicinity.
HUMMERS RAID
AN OCEAN STEAMER
Strange Experience of the
Passengers on the
Walla Walla.
The Little Fellows Made Them
selves at Home in the
Ladies' Bonnets.
How Thy Reached a Vessel Eighteen
Miles Off Shore in a Fog
Is a Mystery.
Captain Wallace, the crew and passen
ger? of the steamer Walla Walla had a
strange nperience off the Mendocino
coast last Friday night. The vessel was
from sixteen to eighteen miles off shore, a
mild southwesterly breeze was blowing
and the fog was descending rapidly and
shutting out the shoreline. It was shortly
after 5 P. m., and nearly all the passenger
were on deck, when suddenly there was a
Gutter of win_s ami the ship was invaded
by a swnrm of humming-birds.
One lady was gazing out to sea and at
the same time fondling a bunch of beauti
ful roses that had been given her two days
previously in Victoria, B. C. The little
wanderers swnrmed down on the flowers,
and soon each rose had a couple >>f birds
on it eagerly searching for honey. The
nundrads of little fellows were ravenous
and attacked everything in sight. Every
woman who had flowers in her bonnet
was attacked, and the birds seemed to get
angry when they found they had been
fooled.
Third Officer Thomas Hogan was the
worst sufferer. At one time he had a bird
perched on the lobe of each ear and a
third on his mustache. As they were
poking their long bills into his ears and
up his nostrils he nearly went frantic
wi 1) the pain, and hid bimself in the cap
tain's cabin to escape his tormentors.
\V. S. AlacFarland of O.ikland was an
other vie im. He was promenading the
deck with one of the iady passenpers, and,
hearing a gentle flutter, thought his com
panion had something to say to him. The
next instant the hungry bird :.ad inserted
it* bill into bis ear, ami AlacFarland, after
a few words in Gaelic, made a Decline for
his cabin, not even waiting for a chance
to apolozze to his companion.
"It was the most peculiar experience I
ever had," said Captain Wallace yester
day. "Those litile mites must have been
feeding along the shore, and when the fog
feh they pot lest and tue wind blew them
out to sea. Our binnacle lamp and the
loom of the shin attracted them, and they
swarmed aboard. It seems remarkable,
however, that a humming-bird should be
able to cover eighteen miles without a
rest.
"At one time there were twenty of the
little fellows in my room, and I have four
of them still. If I offered them moist
supar in mv open hand they would not
touch it, but if I put it in my mouth and
held my i.and under my chin they would
perch on it and revel in the sweet stuff.
Every one of the passengers had three or
four of the little fellows and the ship's
Cit secured one, but the sailors quickly
rescued it. When abroast of Point Keyea
I ran the vessH close inshore and all the
lit le beauties ware set at liberty. All ex
cept four ni>de for the shore, and in a few
minutes w> re safe on terra firma. The
four in question came back to my room,
nfter circling around for a while and they
are there now. If they are alive when I
go to the ship to-day i will take them out
to the park and set them at liberty."
The little birds are of a beautiful green
plumage, while on the throat is a small
bunch of feathers that glistens like molten
gold. Their invasion of the Walla Walla
will supply a topic of conversation for tha
passengers for months to come.
Furniture Moved.
Ksiimates furnished. Responsible, reliable
and reasonable. Morton special Delivery.
* 408 Taylor sire<u and CSO Market street
SEW . TO-DAT.' s
The \
Worst
Cases Cured
• >^^^^^v TTAVE YOU A BAB
- /wli&rrw^^\ case w . faic^' other
j'VyhMf \ physicians have ex-
\ perimentedupon and
nTwJ ■&s*s£&?} i&^ oAto cure? If so,
.sßfnKo A^Ar*| ■ do not give; up - ia
§TTAVE YOU BAD
" case which othel
physicians have ex-
perimented upon and
failed to cure? If so,
do not give up in
despair. Do not con»
'SH^ffw dxyts£&^ mn all physicians
A vitrt^^vl^lr because some ordi-
/s^^ f®X£^ nary practitioner has
>j^w v disappointed you.
Wl The well-known and
'W®ms&&aW lH reliable Ipecialist,
wmSWSNaFV $9 Doctor ? Cook, cures
(DOCTOR COOK.) w hen others fail.
His thoughts are continuously with stub-
born cases and their: remedies. He can*
cure you if any power on earth can.
Suffering Women. JSAS;
is not only sympathy, but help for you.
There is no earthly reason why you
should longer endure the miseries aria-
inc from Irregularities, Periodical Head-
aches, Falling or Displacement of tne
Womb, Leucorrbcea, Nervousness, Hys-
teria and like ailments, willed rob you of
your strength, health and beauty, and
make you prematurely old. In sacred
confidence, tell everytning to Doctor
Cook, who is an expert on all Female
Complaints.
U/aql' Mon Young, middle-aged and
* Tcalv ITICII, old. W ho have violated
• the laws of nature : You are now reaDing
the result of your former folly. Many
of you have Evil Dreams, Exhausting
Drains, Impotency, Atrophy or the Wast-
ing Away oi the Organs, Lost Manhood;
Weak, Acning Back; Frequent, Painful
Urination and Sediment in Urine; Pim-
ples, Nervousness, .Sleeplessness, Bush-
luluess. Despondency, Stupidity, Loss of -
Ambition or similar symptoms. In brief,
your body, brain and sexual organs have .
become weak. ■ Doctor Cook c»n restore
. to you what you have lost— YOUR PRE-
CIOUS MANHOOD. He can fit you for
pleasure, study, business and marriage,
and send you out into the world wltn.
life anew. , , .
V?l rirnrf»l*» Hydrdcete, Gonorrhoea,
Vdl itUtCIC, Gleet, Stricture and Syph- :
ilis completely cured by Doctor Cook in
,'.' .' the shortest possible time.
IfMnf»v B. adder, Ur.nary, Liver. Stom-
rviuiicv, acnt Heart and Lung Disease?;
Eve, Ear, Nose, Throat and Brain Dis-
eases: Blood and Skin Diseases, and
Piles, Fistula, Rheumatism, Rupture and
Chronic Catarrh permanently cured by
the latest and best methods known to
medical science.
Mail Treatment Always satisfac-
XTlrtl! 1 rCdlUiClll tory Therefor
write if you cannot call. Free Book on.
. nervous and sexual diseases to all de-
i scribinc their troubles. Office hours: 9
! :- ■ ->■ to •12 a. M.. 2to 5 and 7toBp. M. Sun-
days from 10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
DOCTOR COOKftSS^KSSJ^
78
LINCOLN'S LIFE
AND ITS LESSON
Fame of the Great Ameri
can Is the Heritage of
His Countrymen.
Fatriotic Words of Chauncsy
M. Black, National President
of Democratic Clubs.
A Letter From Frederick D. Grant.
Certificates of Membership Will
Be Ready Next Week.
The certificates of membership in the
Lincoln Monument League will be ready )
early next week. The design is artistic ;
and beautiful. The certificates will be put
up in books of fifty. Persons wishing to
become members of the league may join |
by paying into the hind twenty-five cents j
or upward. In return for this payment
they get one of the above-mentioned cer- i
tificates.
To-morrow W. W. Stone, president of
the league, will commence sending out
the 30,000 circulars. The following circu
lar has been issued for the guidance of
teacher? :
April 15, 1897.
To th' Piinc'pals of the Public Schools of San
Francisco— Ladies and Gentlemen: You are
hereby euthonz 'J to receive and distribute i
among your pupils the circulars of the Lin- |
coin Monument League aud to receive con
tributions from lie children for that purpose.
Very truly your.-,
Charles L. Barrington,
President Board of Education.
Among the leading men of the country
to whom \V. \V. Stone appealed for support
in this enterprise was General Chauncey i
F. Black, president of the Association of
Democratic Clubs of the Unitt.d States. j
Herewith is a copy of the letter addressed
to him, and also the response:
San Francisco. March 27, 1897.
Hon. Chaujicty F. Black, President Democratic
Ciubs of the United Stales, Washington. IK C. —
My I'eaii mi:: While having but a slight per-
BonaJ in lance, your known reputation as
an enthusiastic patriot noes away with any
hesitation l may have in this appeal.
Grand Army posts in this City have organ
ized a Lincoln Monument League. We pro
-1 o<e raiding funds by popular subscription for j
a luonuuiet.t to Abraham Lincoln to be erected
in our Golden Gate lark. supplemental to the
ibsk of raising funds for the monument is a I
plan to inaugurate a ''Lincoln day" ia the
(schools of the United Stales.
The time ha« come, publicly and officially,
to recognize the fact that the memory of
Abraham Lincoln is the property of the Amer- '
ican people. Ihe pathetic story of his life and
Ceath, his deep Immunity, his broad patriot
ism, his stem determination to preserve the
Union and to defend the flag, are all models
that should be helo. up to the youth of the Na- i
tion lor imitation.
We propose that on the Friday preceding
Memorial day of this year the schools of the '
whole country devote a portion at least of tho !
day to a programme consisting of songs and
recitations appropriate to Lincoln day. Grand
Army posts tnrougbout the country will be
Hsked ; o detail vetcraus to visit schools and
address the cbi.dren on matters connected j
with the struggle for the preservation of the ;
Union.
There is a question as to the most appro
priate time for the future celebration of the !
tsay. There is a desire on iho part of every i
patriot that the day when permanently set
shall be divested of every semblance of parti- ;
Euuship. In order that In result shall be at
tained I have suggested a National advisory (
board, whose duty it shall be to consult on |
above-mentioned "questions, to the end that a. :
true consensus ox public opinion may be ascer
tained.
You, my dear sir, are in a position to
advance this proposition. Your position,
your reputation, your patriotism will I
aid us in our purpose to lift Lincoln Day in
our schools outsiae of the narrow limits of
partisan boundaries, making it a patriotic,
history, object-lesson day in which our youth
may learn the value of strong character and
the important influence it has exercised in
swaying the destiny of the American republic.
Hoping to hear from you at your early con
venisnee, I remain yours sincerely,
W. W. Stone,
President Lincoln Monument League.
New York. Apiil 9, 1897.
W. W. Stone Eso.— My DearSik: I have your
letter of March 27. Mr. Lincoln's fame is the
heritage of ail his countrymen, and every true
American ought to feet an equal interest in it.
No honors too great can be paid to his mem
ory, and if the use of my name as one of the
members of the board mentioned by you will
assist in the erection of an appropriate monu
ment to him at the Golden Gate Park I will be
happy to have you employ it, and proud to be
ever so remotely connected with the enter
prise. 1 remain very truly yours,
ChacnceyF. Black.
Frederick D. Grant, son of the illus
trious U. S. Grant, acknowledged the re
ceipt of the letter sent to him in a com
munication as follows:
Frederick D. Grant, Commissioner.
Police Department op city of New York,)
April 9, 1897. (
W. W. Stone, E5q., 321 Jlaight street, San Fran
cisco— Dear Sir: I hasten to acknowledge
the receipt of your letter of April 'I and In
reply I beg to say that while I sympathize
greatly with the object of your work I em un
able at the present time to devote the atten
tion necessary to develop interest in the league
in the far East. I am really overwhelmed with
my official duties and have little or no time
for anything else now. Wishing you success
in your patriotic enterprise, 1 beg you will be
lieve me, very truly yours,
Frederick D. Grant.
Next Wednesday a committee of the
Monument League will visit Salinas and
present the monument plan to the Depart
ment Encampment of the Grand Army of
the Republic.
NEW TO-DAT.
*&¥• No More Dread W
l|^ OF THE DENTAL CHAIR. /A\
tjT^ T^ ¥"^ P~T* ¥ ¥— Extracted WITHOUT PAIN.
I |-_4 j_^ i 1— —Filled WITHOUT PAIN.
I L^Lrf I II —Crowned -WITHOUT PAIN.
* **** -«• *- m — Bridge Work WITHOUT PAIN.
These are the only dental parlors in San Francisco that have the
patent appliances and ingredients to extract, fill or apply gold crowns
and porcelain crowns undetectable from natural teeth and warranted
for ten years, without the least particle of pain. We are not competing I
with cheap dental establishments, but with first-class dentists at prices !
less than half those charged by them.
For the purpose of at once springing into prominence, until May 20
we will make
Full Set of Teeth for »5.03 Work done as well at night as •by
Gold Crown., 22k ... : 400 daylight by the' modem electrical de-
XTSttZ DK va^ koom -«>
Gold rilling. 75c up h " kui « d "tiff of operators are In con-
Cleaning Teoth ......50c •*•«* attendance.
AH Artificial Sets of Teeth are made by dentists '' ' '
»nt"e e d nlyye ""' experience aDd » perfect fit Bu * r " **** We will give $500.00 for
7l lnKo derfor T' >erbln th * mOrnln? yon an y Dentist who will duplicate our
NO CHARGE tor Extracting Teeth when p:ates Crown or Bridze Work.
are ordered. •
VAN VROOM DENTAL PARLORS,
997 Market Street.
Three skilled operators. Lady attendant*, German and French spoken.
t Open i:»enin < till 8. Sundays, 9 till 12.
° All surgical work done by G. "W. William on, M.D. *
ART ON MARKET STREET.
The Native Sons' fountain — in commemoration of the admission of California
into the Union — -will very 90on bs by far the most noticeable and prominently placed
monumental feature of San FrancisCJ. Ground for its foundation will be broken nt
Market ami Mason streets on or about May 1 and the completed creation will be ap
propriately dedicated on Admission day, Sdptember 9.
The fountain will in a direct way be a creation of the genius of Douglas Tilden,
the mute sculptor, and of the financial ability, public spirit and critical taste of
Mayor Phelan, who will pay the many thousands involved. The design was pictured
in a general wav over a year ago when the enterprise became news. The design ap
proved by Mr. Phelan was the fifteenth submitted to him by Mr. Tilden. Since then
the sculptor has been busy with the modeling and has somewhat modified the desien,
especially that of the your.g miner. In the fi-st design the miner br>re tae flag in the
right hand, while his outstretched left flung out bis hat in a triumphant anil spirited
way.
The accompanying picture is from a recent photograph, and shows a portion of the
model as it stood a few days ago in Til ten's studio with tue artist at work. The statue
shown is now at a local foundry being cast in bronze. The flag ha^ been transferred
| to the other hand, the hat is on the head and the right hand hold* a shouldered pick.
The miner ;s here pictured as he will appear to the thousands who will daily throng
Market street for generations^
During an interview with' Mr. Tilden yesterday, carried on by means of a pencil
and tablet, the sculptor wrote concerning this change:
"The outstretching of two arms at the same time is not agreeable from a sculp
tor's pointof view. The rule of composition rather demands that if one arm is out
stretched the other should be doubiea up. Of course, that rule is not an ironclad
one."
Anyway, it it settled that the brenze young miner of heroic size shall proclaim
the glory of statehood with hat and pick. The shaft will bear on its top a nautical
creation symbolizing the Genius of Hisiory, and this w.ll be ready for the foundry in
six weeks.
This handsome and impressive monumental fountain will orcupy a space fourteen
feet square at the corner staled, intruding Itself mainly into Market street close to the
*idewalk at the point of the Turk-street gore. It will rise to a height of thirty-five
feet. It will be a worthy jewel for the City to wear, and it will be the only one of the
sort until the inchoate Donahue fountain takes tangible form at Battery and Market
streets.
HOW THE CHINOOK COMES.
Even the Cattle in Montana Recognize
the First Breath of the Wind.
Picture to yourself a wild waste of snow,
wind-beaten and blizzard-furrowed until
lhe vasi expanse represents a billowy
white sea. The fricid air, blowing iiaif a
gale, is filled with needlelike snow anil
ice crystals which sting the flesh iiKe the
bites of poisonous insects, and sift through
the finest crevices. The sun, low down in
the southern horizon, loons like a frozen
globe, with halves, crescents and bright
prismatic bars encircling it.
Great herds of range cattle, which roam
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL IS, 1897.
at will and thrive on the nutritious
grasses indigenous to the northern slope,
wander aimlessly here and there, or more
frequently drift with the wind In the vain
attempts to find fuod and shelter, moan*
ing in distress from cold and hunger,
their noses hung with bloody icicles,
their legs galled and bleeding Iron 1 ,
breaking the hard snow crust as they
tr.ivel— they appeal to the hurdest heart
tor p ty. It is sure death for human
le;n>js to be caught out in one of these
awlul blizzards, with the temperature
down to tuirty or fifty degrees below zero,
unless rescue' is speedy. Yet such con
ditions frequently exist in this latitude, as
they did Ijt iifieen days in November,
18(*J, when it seemed as if the elements
had conspired to bring about another ice
ace and annihilate every living thing.
Would the "Chinook" never come? The
wind veered and backed, now howling as
if in derision, nnd anon incoming calm as
if in contemplation of the desolation on
the face of nature, while the poor dumb
animals continued their ceaseless tramp,
crying with pain and starvation. At last,
on December 1, at about the hour of sun
set, thers was a change which experienced
plainsmen interpreted as favorable to the
coming of the warm southwest wind. At
sunset the temperature was only 13 deg.,
the air scarcely in motion, but occasionally
seeming to descend from overhead. Over
the mountains in tho southwest a great
bank of black clouds hung, dark and awe
some, whose wide expanse was unbroken
by line or break; only at the upper edge
the curled and >errated cloud, blown into
tatters by wind, was seen to be theal
vanre courier of the long-prayed for "chi
nook." How eagerly we watched its ap
proach 1
How we strained our bearing for the
first welcome sight of the gentle breath 1
Hut it was not until 11:35 p. m. that the
tirst inlluence was felt. First, a puff of
heat, summer-like in comparison with
what had existed for two weeks, and we
ran to our instrument shelter to observe
the temperature. Up goes the mercury,
34 -i' 1 --. in seven minutes. Now the wind
has come with a twenty-rive mile velocity.
Now the cattle slop traveling, and with
muzzles turned toward the wind, low with
satisfaction. Weary with two weeks'
standing on their feetthey lie down in the
snow, ior they know that their salvation
has come; that now their bodies will not
freeze to the ground.
The wind increases in strength and
warmth; it blows now in one steady roar;
the temperature has riren to 38 degrees,
the great expanse of snow, 30 inches deep
on a level, is becoming damp and honey
combed by the hot wind, and we retire
satisfied that the "chinook" is a genuine
and lasting one.
Twelve hours afterward there are bare
brown hills everywhere; the plains are
covered with floods of water. In a few
days the wind will evaporate the moist
ure and the road- will be dry and bard.
—United States Weather Review.
WRECKAGE THAT
HOLDS A SECRET
Part of a Ship's Deckhouse
Adrift Off Crescent
City.
Ship-Owners Corjecturi&g as to
What Coaster It Came
From.
A Series of Riids on British Ships in
Sausalito Bay Has Paid the
Thieves Well.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Walla Walla arrived from Puget Sound
ports yesterday. It was a fair-weather
passage all the way, but on occasions the
fo^ was unusually heavy. Wnen sixteen
miles west of Crescent City a small quan
tity of wreckage was run into.
"There were eight or ten boards joined
together," said Captain Wallace yester
day, "and a quantity of mol'lings. They
looked like the remains of a ship's decK
house, and I suppose tnat some coaster
buffered during the recent storms. Both
boards and moldings were painted white."
Shipping men connect the wreckage
with the m'.Bting Samaria, but it is doubt
ful whether the wreckage could be lrom
that vessel, as the Walla Walla was away
out of the coune usually taken by sailing
vessels.
The wreck of the steamer Yaqulna has
been abandoned. Captain C. Miner Good
all is of the opinion that the vessel cannot
be raisod, so he ordered the tug Vigilant
back to San Francisco. The winches and
everything movable will bs removed and
then the wreck will be either blown up or
removed j cieemeal. The engines and j
boilers would cost more than they are
worth to remove, so they will go to pieces
with the hull.
Tne Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Orizaba left Enscnada at 10 a. m. yester
day and will be due here early to-morrow.
She has a large consignment of bullion
aboard and will go to the iSeiby Smelting
Works after lauding her passengers.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
Dora that .vent on the rocks a month ago
has been repaired and will only be a lew
days late on her reguiar run. She will
leave on about May 6 from Sitka, connect
ing with Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's steamers from Puget bound. Tue
Dora carries passengers and merchandise
to Cm. us Inlet and the Yukon.
Giigo lladovich, wiio Keeps a restaurant
at 19 Bryant street, and Thomas Meehan
I and Eugene Eagan, two young hoodlums,
aged JO years, had a lively time of it yes
terday. Kadovich had *ome wine barrel*
on the M'lev.-aik drying, when the two
lads came alone; and started rolling them
away. The restaurant man gave chase
and ■ free fight ensued. The hoodlums
were joined by iwo companion-, and
Kadovich was getting the worst of it,
when a teamster lodk a hand in the
melee Soon afterward Otiicer Clifford
appeared on the s ene, and he got into
the rough and tumb.e. The li^ht was a
running one and lasted from Poison
street to Main, where. two of the boys
made their escape, and Meehan and
Eagan were arrested and locked up in the
llurbor polite station. Radovich is nurs
ing a sore head, and says be was struck
with a bungstarter during the scrim
mage. In consequence Meehan and Eagan
were charged with assault with a ueadly
weapon.
Bay pirates have been at work in Sausa
lito among the British snipping of late.
The wife of Captain Pearce oi trie British
ship Moreton mourns the loss of an entire
outfit. All she saved from the raid was
one stocking which she had around her
iieck to cure a sore throat. Captain Bor
land of the Kensington lost his vest and
trousers an l $5 in cash, while Captain
Fraser of the Snaigow Kept his clothing
but, lost $15 and a gold watch. The
Pegasus wus ransacked, but the noise ihe
ttiieves made awoke Captain Molton and
he called out. frightening the robbers
away. Ihe Fairport was next visited, but
Mr*. Captain Smith was suffering from
neurulgm, and twice she awakened her
husband to see what was going on. The
•ecnnd time be went on deck Captain
Smith saw a boat pulling away and tired
his pistol in the air to attract attention,
but nothing came of it. Two men and
two women are suspected ol the thievery,
and otlicers from San Francisco and
Sauaalito are on their track.
THE BIG TOURNAMENT
Getting the Grounds at the
Presidio Ready for the
Athletic Ev-nts.
A Small Camp on tlie Parade Ground.
Men Who Will Take Part in
the Contests Ont for Practice.
Yesterday was a busy day at the Pre
sid.o. On every side there was evidence
of preparation for the grand military tour
nament that will begin to-morrow and
continue probably for lour days.
On the western ond of the parade ground
there are a number of snow white tents as
quarters for the men from the barracks at
tSan J) ego and Benicia, who have been
selected to take i art in the contests and
the site on which they have been pitched
has thejnppearance of a miniature camp.
The men were forced to pitch tents, as
there was not enough room for them in
Ui>' barracks.
All day yesterday there was a force of
men at work on the grand stand putting
on the finishing touches to have it ready
for the great crowds that will want to ob
tain seats to watch the many events that
are to be presented each day.
In addition to the men iv work on the
grand stand there were squads of men in
butternut suits at work laying out the
grounds on which the events are to take
place, the work beins: directed by Captnin
Alexander Rodgers, 1-ourth Cavalry, di
rector-general of tne games and senior
officer in charee, and his assistants. Sec
ond Lieutenant Thales, L. Ames, Third
Artillery, and Second Lieutenant Dennis
E. Nolan, First Infantry.
Then there were teamsters with wagons
and men following them removing the
earth which bad been removed in the lev
eling of the ground, and these were fol
lowad by teams hauling heavy rollers that
wit- mak :ur the space as flat as a billiard
table, so that there should be no obstruc
tions to the men in the several congests.
On another part of the parade ground
there was much activity, for there were a
number of teams that will enter into the
contests tbat were practicing. There was
fence-scaling by men wearing all their
acouterments, such as they would hare
on the field in an active engagement. A
full belt of cartridges, blanket roll, haver
sack, canteen, cup and rifle, the whole ag
gregating fifty-two pounds' weight, is
what the men carried in performing the
feat of scaling a perpendicular fence at
two heights — twelve and fifteen feet — and
gett'ng ready to shoot at the supposed
enetnv in less than a minute if possible.
Others were practicing mounted tug-ot
war. In this the men were strong and
willing, but the exercise was new to the
horses, and they evidently did not under
stand what was wanted of them, for they
did not seem to mind their riders. During
several trials a number Df the riders who
had a "'lead-pipe cinch" on the rope were
unhorsed because th»y couid not make
their horses mind. Tuen there were oth
ers who took points in the art of tugging
on the cleated boards. A scratch ten on a
side pulled for two minutes, but neither
side pulled the handkerchief over the
center line. These men were not jock
eying, but were pulling for nil they could,
consequently neither sido eaiued an ad
vantage.
In various parts of the field there were
aggregations of hurdles, brush fences,
gates, "obstructions" of different kinds,
and various articles that will be used in
the carrying out of the several events.
The genres will be called a Unit 1 o'clock
in the afternoon, and the fifty-two events
that are slated will be called in the order
the committee has arranged them, until
all have been gone through. To-morrow
it is expected there will be a broadsword
ccntesi, tug-of-war, wall-sc.Uing, mountei
cartridge race, mounted gymnastics,
spare-wheel race, hasty jntrenchment and
other events.
CASTING COPPER PURE.
A Discovery of (ireatrnt Importance in
the Electrical World
The current is-iue of the Electrical Re
view contains the announcement of a dis
covsry in the art of casting copper. Cop
per is ordinarily cast by the use of alloy?.
It is stated that the new metal, which is
known as M. B. copper, is cast pure.
Foundrymen have heretofore considered
this :in impossibility-
It is also stated that the new metal pos
sesses an additional tensile strength of
83% per cent, and that a much higher per
centage of elasticity has been developed,
and that the new metal hnsa conductivity
of 0.5 per cent as compared with the best
rolled copper.
This will cause distinct changes in the
building of dynamos, motors, rmiway and
telegraphic apparatus, because the new
copper is believed to carry the same
amount of current with one-third the
amount of metal. Wire niado of it will
have greater strength and conductivity
than the ordinary copper wire.
Mr. Edison say* he accuunts for the
evident change in the atomic structure of
the metal by the theory that the shape of
the crystals has been altered so that their
| lines are parallel, and that the molecules
are thus brought closer together and into
more intimate contact with each other.
It is understood thai Mr. Edison 13 inter
ested in the development of this metal,
and that it will be manulactured under
his supervision at his Menlo Park works.
— New York Sun.
Proof* Needed.
"I have callei, sir. to collect the insur
ance on my late husband's life."
"Lei me see; what waa your husband's
business?"'
"He was a newspaper correspondent
with the Cuban army. "
"Call again in ten years.ma'am" — Cleve
land I'lu;n Dealer.
NEW TO-DAT.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
iii// \ I/ / /
iß^wv QR SANIIFN'^ MFW RFiT T^^Sl
HP^jy^A' f |Jsy ' * VSiilUlail W BIBB*! Illafi. 1 \ K )^!jJz^Swl&
iff 1 ) \ W Y\ N *^ l}1 ? i 4V'\\o
I • 'I'
Free Electric Suspensory for Men With Each Belt.
THIS IS DR. SANDEN'S LATEST IMPROVEMENT IN HIS WORLD-FAMOUS ELECTRIC BELT. It is as near
perfect as science and money can make it. This is a means of curing disease which' is equaled by no other treatment in the
world. It is the result of thirty years of close application to one hobby — glorious desire to- invent and perfect an appliance
which will, without inconvenience, cure humanity of the serious ills which afflict — and that all this study, this experimenting
and self-sacrifice on the part of Dr. Sanden is repaid can be seen from the thousands of grateful voices which are raised in
thanksgivings to the man who has restored to their owners health and happiness. Nor is this all. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
enjoys day the largest sale of all the remedies in the world for the cure of nervous and chronie'diseases. No other remedy
or appliance approaches it in point of numbers in use nor in its curative effects. ■ ■', \ '-. : .
It Has Made a Wonderful Record. }
People who are sick and have tried so many different remedies are loth to pick up with anything new. And having so fre-
quently heard of the poor results derived from the use of the cheap class of electric appliances which are peddled on the streets,
they perhaps give no heed to the announcement that Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will cure. But time and proof will remove these
obstacles, and Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is here to stay. It is bringing about a period of popular evolution in the ways and
means of doctoring one's self. A few years ago Dr. Sanden's Belt was little known in San Francisco, and people who had
tried all the quacks who infest the City without getting relief from their troubles scoffed at this new remedy, but as cure after
cure was reported day after day, as men of prominence gave testimony to their recovery of health, and finally, as the medical
profession, after a fair test, were forced to acknowledge it a wonderful appliance, the popular education came about, and to-day
there are iooo cures of Nervous Complaints, Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver and Stomach Troubles and many forms of weakness,
accomplished within ioo miles of San Francisco during the last six months by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
You Must Use It.
This is no toy. It is a powerful Electric Belt, giving a continuous stream of electricity into the bodv for hours at a time.
It is mostly worn at night, while you sleep, and its life-giving currents fill your system with new vigor so that vou wake ud
saturated with new vital force in the morning. Its power is felt as soon as applied, and can be made mird or stron? at
will. It has improvements that are possessed by no other electric appliance. • *>""«&
The following are extracts from letters recently received: . ; .■•:.• . < V;,^ *T.'V
"I feel altogether a different man. I have worn your Belt thirty davs and if I improve as much next month I shall be a
well man. My emissions are stopped and I feel so bri K ht and fresh that lam more than pleased with the Belt. " J D _ Gins!
Shasta, Cal. •■ ■.. . " ,•
"When I first put your Belt on four months aeo I could not walk I was so badly paralyzed. Now I can walk a mile without
Re no "ev or a cane, iam improving all the time, and exp 30 t to be entirely cured soon. "-George F.B?lis* box 191,
t '"Your Belt has done mo a great deal of good. I have not had an ache or a pain sines I commenced to weir it Mv wife
"I purchased your Belt for sexual weakness and p tin in the back Bt it»n« mv MTn.t n-.^.. '' ' ../ * a
s^Btuussu would nol p * rt wlth my Belt L s r*«T«
A Doctor's Advice.
his One of the reasons for the great success of: Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is the personal attention which Dr. Sanden gives to
his patients. , Before applying the Belt every patient .is given a thorough examination, free of charee to det-rmine the nature
of the complaint and during the treatment Dr. Sanden spares no pains to cause a quick and permanent cur Th£ free exam'
mation is of great value to the patient, and Dr. Sanden. with his thirtv vears of m#»Hi/»i ivn»ri rmanenl cur ,^. a inisireeexan
what the effect of his Belt will be. In no case will a Belt be apolW l whe?l it cannot Si JnnT^n' »s qualified to say frankly
with his patients on the principle that one cure is the means of selling twentS me R^ df 2 P r " Sa i lde " h f /* n £* !
rather than sell one where it will do no good. g m ° re Belts - and he P refers not t3 sdl a Bcl * V
If you feel that you need help call on him and he will tell vou franklv wh^th^r +k», • u i x .  Cl . o, /
' ffi^hs^ks^ ■ you cannot cau &^s,
S-A.ITIDE2Sr ELECTRIC GO
838 Martet. Street - Opposite Pa.la.oe Hotel, San m noi 9 'oo, Oal.
>- . Office Hours, BA.M. to 8:3O P. M.; Sunday lOtn i . ,
CHARLES LYONS'
WAYS AND METHODS
The Biggest Merchant Tailoring
Business in San Fran
cisco
Built Up By Truth-Telling and Square
Dealing.
GUARANTEES iH\T GUARANTEE!
Pric?s Are the Lowss', Quality the
Best.
It pays to be well dresseJ. That isn't
exactly the way Shakespeare put it. but
that is what he meant when he wrote,
"The apparel olt proclaims the man."
Shakespeare had a level head and could
give more good advice thsn any man that
ever lived. When you go to size up a
man you look at his clothes as well as his
physiognomy. And the man who is
try ing to figure out what sort of a
fellow you are dees the same thing with i
you. Good clothes have gained many a
man a good position, and the lack of them
has lost many a man tbe bast chance
he ever had. Other things being equal,
the man who is Dest dressed gets the
best place every time.
Now, in these days it is not enough that
a man's clothes should be of good mate
rial. Tuat may suffice in Europe, but it
won't go here. The man whose coat
hangs on him like a shirt on a bean pole
sooner or later has to drop out of the pro
cession of business competition. The
clothes must tit to make ihe proper iin
rression. There are many people who are
trying to persuade their fellow mortals
that a ready-made suit tits as well as a suit
made to order. But they are finding out,
as Abraham Lincoln said: "You can't fool
ail of the people all of the lime."
They Cost No Store.
No man, unless ho be an idiot, would
choose a ready-made suit in preference to
one made to measure — that is, one made
to fit him — provided he could get it at the
same cost. But be can get it at the same
cost — he can get a suit that will tit him
for no more money tnan he would have
to pay a ready-made clothier for a suit
that doesn't fit him. Charles Lyons is the
man who will make it for him.
How He Dues It.
Naturally, though, if you have been in
the habit of patronizing a so-called "fash
ionable tailor," you must wonder how it
is that Lyons can double discount him In
tbe matter of prices while sacrificing noth
ing in the quality of the materials fur
| nished, the excellence of the worKman-
I sbip and the exactitude of the fit. But a
Jitt'e reflection will convince you that it
is not quite so wonderful as it seems.
Where your fashionable tailor sells one
suit Lyons sells a thousand. And when it
comes" to prices Lyons is away below tho
high-priced tailors, and he also beats tb*
manufacturers, who employ sweaters al!
hoJiov.
Wholesale warehouse and main stor^,
721 Market street, in the Bancroft Duild
ing. Branches, 1212-1214 MarKet street,
between Tnylor and Jones, and 302Kearny
street, corner Bush.
MB. RUST GETS A LETTER.
It Is Somewhat Delayed Because Ad
dressed Under Hi* Christian Name.
As curious a letter as has been received
in Kansas City for many mon.lis reached
the postollice yesterday morning, and
| after a great display of learning on the
j part of some of the clerks.it was finally
[ delivered to the man for w/iom it was in
tended. The distribution cleric, who first
got hold of the letter, looked at it in de
spair. It was plainly evident that the
writer of the letter had been burning the
midnight oil in an attempt to battle tne
postonice force.
The first line contained the letters "J.
S. FE203." The letters were plain enough,
but what did they mean? The next line
began with a large A, then there was a
carefully executed drawing of what had
the appearanc* of a Barber's comb, then a
small a, and finally a representation of a
} house, drawn by one whose early educa
! tion had been sadly neglected.
What should have been the third line of
the address was in the shape of a more or
I less accurate map of Kansas City, showing
I the junction and the streets in that vi
cinity. The last line was another map,
1 showing the boundaries of the State of
, Missouri.
It was plain enough that the letter was
! for some one who lived in the State of
Missouri and in Kansas City. It did not
take a great stretcn of imagination to dis
cover that the comb and the sketch of a
house had some vague reference to the
i Acoma building. So far it was easy sail
ing. But who was the mysterious "J. S.
FE2O3?"
Alter puzzling his brain for a long time
without any good result, the cierk took
the letter to Nixie Clerk Cantield, who is
1 supposed to be able to guess all sorts of
i conundrums.
"1 can tell you a part of it," said he.
j "I can tell you that 'F&2O3 1 are the chemi
cal symbols for ferric oxide. Now, if you
Can find out who h^ is you are all nirht."
Still the distributing clerk was unable
to solve the question. He went at out
! asking every one what he knew about fer-
I ric oxide. He finally encountered one ruan
who was more of a chemist than the
> others, and he imparted to him the infor
■ mation that ferric oxide in common par
lance is called "rust." :
That is how J. S. Rust received the let
' ter over which his friend in Conception,
' Mo., had spent so much time. — Kansas
I City Times.
I-. — i > — •
A household caiboniser has been de
vised an- 1 is manufactured by a construc
tion company of New York. The garbage
is burned to charcoal in a retort inserted
in the kitchen stove pipe, or into an en
! larged section of it. It is said there is not
! the least smell from it, and th it the char
j coal can be used for kindling the tire.THE KNIGHTS AND
LADIES OF HONOR
Tenth Session of the Grand
Lodge of Cali
fornia.
. —
Mrs. Belle WiDgfield Conrad }
Will Ba the Next Grand
Prelector.
She Will Be the First Lady Elected j
to That oifi:e - Will Also Be
President cf the N. D. G. W.
The tenth session of the Grand Lodge
oi the Knights and Ladies of Honor of j
California will be held in this City, com- j
mencing on Tuesday next, in the Alcazar i
building. j
There are twenty-one lodges in this
State with a membership of nearly 1200.
and from the credentials received at the
office of the grand secretary the indica
tions are that each will bo fully repre
sented. Some of the officials have neg
lected to forward tne list of representa
tives, but these will probably be presented
MRS, BELLE W. CONRAD, the First Lady Who Will Be the
Grand Protector of the Knights and Ladies of Honor.
by the representatives to the committee '
on credentials on the morning when the
session is called. The following names
had been received by Grand fcecretary
Carleton up to yesterday :
Aurora Lodge— Lillie B. Uolcomb; alternate,
Annie C. Lorenzen.
Martha LodKi- — Antoinette Graff, Charles
liahn, A. Gompertz; alternates, Katie Huch
xnelster, C'haries Lskemp.n, E. Pearce.
Laurel Lodge— S. J. Hall; alternate, Andrew
Price.
Golden Rule— P. Dunzweiler; alternate, S.
Kruger.
Empire Lodge— Emma R. O'Donnell; alter
nate, Frances Clodi.
Star Lodge — C. Faxon ; alternate, L. A. Keefe.
West End Lodge— J. H. Aiken; alternate, H.
W. (iaetjen.
Magnolia — Mrs. Mary Smith; alternate, R.
M. McLean.
Misiietoe Lodge— ll. C. Trophagen ; alternate,
J. M. Ricketta.
Yerba Huenn Lodge— M. J. Graham; alter
nate, Mary A. Ward.
Palmeto Lodge— Frank Hoffmau; alternate,
William Dietzsch.
The Erand officers are F. Kemp Van Ec,
past grajid protector; T. A. Lander, grand
protector; Mrs. B. W. Conrad, grand
vice-protector; P. B. Carleton, grand sec
retary; Mrs. L. J. Wheelock, grand treas
urer; Mrs. Annie Tbompson, grand chap
lain; Mr?. Sarah Beverson, grand puidt 1 ;
Mrs. Bertha Oppenhoimor, grand guard
ian; Mrs. Eila L. Weaver, trrand sentinel;
E. H. Bourguignon, Mrs. Caroline
bchnabei and Mrs. Susie Pierson grand
trustees.
During the pa«t year the order in this
State has sustained a loss of seventeen by
death, and the amount paid to benefi- !
cUries was $27,500, of which amount the
California membership contributed the i
cum of $22,50 C, the other $5000 being paid |
by tue supieme body of the order.
Tbe next grand protector will be Mrs.
Belle Wingfield Conrad of Sonora, the
president vice-grand protector. Mrs. Con- !
rad will b« the first lady elected to the I
highest office in the California jurisdic- j
tion. This lady will in June next be
elected the grand president of the Grand
Parlor of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West. She is a most energetic
worker in both orders, and she will as a
reward for her zeal be honored as no lady
has ever before been honored in this State.
On Tuesday evening the grand officers
and prand representatives wil 1 be tendered
Dr. Humphreys
Says ! ! !
r ■•• That Homeopaths don't go
. in for Spring medicine because
they don't need it; the use of
: .: Humphreys' No. 10 keeps the
.stomach right all the time —
■.-;. and when your stomach is
. right your head is clear; you ■
feel good ; no blues no low
i... spirits \ no tired feeling.
As
;,J ■;• "77" is to Grip
so
"10" is to Dyspepsia.
;■;:, A single dose of No. 10 re-
; • lieves an acute attack ; its per-
y insistent use cures the worst
: : : ease of Dyspepsia.
. £>T. Humphreys' Homeopathic Manual of Div
•ewes at your i rtueist s or Mailed Free.
.-Sold by tlriiirgis s, or sent on receipt of 25 cent*.
tO cents or $1. Humphreys' Medicine Company,
corner William and John streets, .New York.
a reception in the Alcazar building by
West End Lodge.
To-morrow night Aurora Lodge will
hold a meeting and it will work in the
initiatory degree in the presence of the
grand representatives who will be in the
City.
Huntiiigtou Calls on Wu.
C. P. Huntington and H. E. Huntington of
the Southern Pacific called on Minister ffu
Ting Fang at the Occidental yesterday. The
former gentleman mentioned that he wag well
acquainted with Li Hung Chang, having met
him in the East. Minister Wu told ihe mag
nate lie had oitcn heard of his railroad enter
prises, and he made many inquiries about
California, New York and Washington. It
was a pleasant meeting. The Chinese em
bassy is to go East over the Southern and Cen
tral roads, and Philip Gordon of the former is
;o accompany the Minister as far as Omaha.
Another More Estate Lawsuit.
Additional litigation has b?en commenced
in regard to the estate of Alexander I. More,
deceased. A suit was filed by Attorneys Pier
ton <fc Mitchell yesterday In which Eliza M.
Miller, special administratrix r,f the estate of
Alexander P. More, seeks to recover from John
F. More the sum af $39,0ti'J 25.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce hnve been fled as follows:
Fred D. Wajfroin agains>t Adelaide Walirorn.for
desertion; Jacinto Cortes against Vincentß
Cortes, for intemperance: Walter G.Thomas
against Cora L. Thomas, for desertion.
Death of a Sailor Boy.
C. P. Stewart, a seventeen-yenr-old English
lad, died in St. Mary's Hospitnl yesterday
inornit.g from injuries received lust Thursday
by fn'.Hii^ into the hold of the ship Osborne at
Sausaiito. Tne body was removed to the
Morgue.
Single-Tax Lecture.
Ralph E. Hoyt of Los Angeles will deliver a
lecture entitled "The Question of the Hour"
Ht 900 Market Btreet at 8 o'clock this evening.
Mr. Hoyt has a reputation os an eloquent
«peakif. There will be no charge for ad
. in.
CHEMISTRY VS. BURGLARY
How Sa'e-Crackers May Ec
Foi^d by a Volatile
Fiuii
Test of the Invention Made in the
Presence o\ Bankers and Oteer
Specta'o?.
When tlie enterprising burglar goes
"a-burjrling" lor bank vaults he will find
that chemicals can be employed to d fend
treasure as well a3 to expose It. Yester
' day on Ninth avenue, south of tho park,
i there was an exhibition of a recently
patented invention which may ultimately
prove of great value to bankers and other
custodians of money and securities. The
test was made in a room containing a
cut ic area four times as great as thut of
I any treasure vault in this City. It was
: made in the presence of bankers and lead-
I ing representatives of several of the larg
i est financial institutions of San Francisco
\ and New York.
The merit of the invention is its sim
; plicity. It consists plainly of a gla^s tube
'• liiled with a volatile chemical compound.
: The tube is encased in a perforated metal
! J'ipe which 13 strong enough to resist any
i ordinary use, but when violence is used
i tlie glass tube is at once broken and the
j fluid escapes.
The fluid is so volatile that the fumes
I spread at once, making it impossible for
one to breathe the atmosphere surround
ing the safe or vault. The perforated
I pipes are made to fit in or on the outs de
: of a burglar- proof safe or vault and over
! the lock and bolt work of vault doors.
The experiment yesterday was ma c by
; the managers of the Chemical Safe-pro
; tector Company. At the appointed time
1 the chemiit in charge of tne test struck
j tne tube a sharp blow with the hammer.
j A yellowish vapor issued immediately
from the perforations and floated to the
floor, spreading along the floor in all di
rections. The door of the room was open
to admit fresh air, but within three min
j utes after the tube was broken the fumes
i compelled the managers and spectators to
i retiie.
It was the expressed opinion of the
bankers who witnessed the experiment
yesterday that the invention is practical,
cheap and effective. At the present time
burglais have no neutraliz ng agency 10
resist this invention. Commenting on
the experiment one of the spectators said :
"Of course a burglar with a large family
dependent upon him for support, might
invoke the a a of some chemist of super
ior skill and obtain a neutralizing chem
ical compound to render the fumes endur
able, but time and ingenuity would De
necessary to perfect a counter invention.
Meanwhile the use of the fluid will render
tbe burglar's calling dangerous and un
profitable."
The inventor* are Californians and the
patent has been serured. Safe-owners anl
others before whom tests have been made
highly commend the invention. The
dcv cc is so cheap ana effective that it is
bound to enlist the attention of men and
corporations engaged in the business of
protecting treasure.
In the test yesterday eight ouncesof the
fluid were used and the chemists contend
that the room will not be habitable for
twenty hours after the breaking of the
tube. In future experiments a dog may
be placed in the room to ascertain if l the
fumes are fatal.
Mirer Held to Answer.
George W. Silver, the alleged owner of mines
in the Peruvian Andes, was yesterday hell to
Answer before the Superior Court by Judge
Joacnimsen in $1000 bonds, for passing a tic
ticiom cheek upon his landlady, Silver Is
looked upon by the police as a fraud of the
worst kind. ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
RUINART WINS
ANOTHER STAKE
Beat Buckwa Easily for
thjß Palace Hotel
Handicap.
Once More th) Books Laid a
Long Pries Against
Him.
Montalvo Downed for a Stake by
Baby Bill — Rosormonds Cap'urei
the Cand?laria Ha;dicap.
It was a good card the California Jockey
Club offered race-goers yesterday, and ;
Emeryville track contained a Jar te 'c crowd |
by the time the bell called the hors3s to!
the post for the opening event. Not often '
does a racing association in this section of '
the country run off three stake races in
one day, and little is the wonder at the at
tendance.
The Palace Hotel stake, over one mile
and a furlonc, with $1000 to the winner,
took precedence over the other events, and
the winner, Ruinart, demonstrated be
yond question of a doubt that he is the
best horse in training in California and
possibly several other Western States.
He picked up 118 pounds, an increase of
two pounds over liis impost carried in the
Burns handicap, and won :nipressively —
yes, easily. And, for some unknown rea
son, possibly the peculiar manner in
which he was ridden by Marty Bergen,
tne members of the ring were please i to
lay 9 and 10 to 1 against the brown son of
St. Carlo.
Installator and The Roman, both of
which dorses had finished behind him
in the Burns, were made favorites in the
betting, couplied, at odds of 5 to 2.
Buckwa, with his 12"> pounds in the saddle,
opened at 1% to 1, receding to 16 to
5. Wheel of rortune was quietly nibbled
at and Redskin was a quiei tip which
found its wuy to many ready ears.
When the field was dispatched, nicely
aliened, Coady on Buckwa sifted away
in front at a ciip that was bound to cause
distress.. Redskin ran well up in the
bunch for a while and then cried quits.
Installator flattered his supporters, too,
for a way, and then he passnd it up. All
this time Bsrgen an>i Ruinart were
shuffling along In last position. Into the
streic.i o.d Buckwa was still plowing
along at a great rate, but when Coady
took a glance back an anxious look spread
over his features and he urged his mount
a trifle harder.
Presently the cause of his terror was
made apparent. Bergen and Kuinart
were playing checkers; Bergen with iiis
eye on the king row, and there was no
Mopping tfieni. Foot by foot the brown
horse was devouring ground with as much
apparent fondness as an a Mentor would a
snmy fat pickaninny, and persuasive as
Coady's riding was, Buckwa was braten
out half a length in I:s3}^. Once more
liuinart won and his veteran rider came
in for an ovation, and it is safe to predict
tbnt the day of lone prices against iho
i air is now a thing oi the past. Cai.delaria
secured third money.
0/ I lie other events decided, favorites
toot but two. The books all received a
big play, but as neuriy all of the winning
outsiders were backed, tl.e majority of
them quitlo^er on the day.
The capture of the Candelaria handicap j
for two-year-olds at five lurlonjts, by '
Rosornionde, daughter of mighty Or- I
mond'j and Fairy Rose, was r.boiit the j
bigt.'f»t surprise of the day. It wai gen
orallv conceded a "mnrnl" lor the Burns
it Waterhonse pair Recreation and Miss !
Koweni, the pair ruling 7 tn 10 favorites i
in the betting. At the star' Miss Rowena j
was away tancled up, and Hennessv man- '•
iigini: to get cutoff wit.! her stable mate. !
Ciawson on Uosormonde made all the \
rtmninr, and led Recreation out a length
in I :o2>^. The Cheat finished a fair thtrd. i
The Athenian Club hurdle handicap,
two anu a quarter miles, with nine ou
stacle.s to cw-ar, attracted a Held of six j
"leppera" to the post. Montalvo, ridden i
THE 'CALL" RACING GUIDE.
r-AUFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack, Saturday. April 17. Seventy-flfth
day ol the Winter Meeting:. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast. *
H7*) riilß ' r HACK— One mile; three- year-olds and upw»rJ; pura« *4 10
Index. ;
idrx. I Horn*, brp, wnlehL I ft.! Vi
irtex );..-•- site, »»IrM. j Ft.; 1/4
86B igtlerJoe, 4 Ill \\ 11
*64 BpruMrdlll ., 3 ...1O.<; 2 2 Vt
862 Uradv, 4 105 1 6 «
864 Vinc:or, 5 109 3 3 1 A
H6'i Imp Disparity, a. 10-t 4 4 1
832 Ml ram bo, 4 106 5 5% I
1 1
2%
6
31
4 1
15%
ll
«%
54
6
8 /i
Sti-
1 3
32
4 4
2 1
6 10
6
1 8
2 h
33
4 10
6 10
6
PlggOtt
Clawson
Cole
K. Isom...^....
Mi. jmnl ........
Boeeman .;.
Betting.
Op. OK
1
3
10
5-2
40
60
1
9--J
6
3
100
2OO
TlmeTi^*"' Won * a8 ' ljr - w lnn«r, W. I). Rand»i:'s b!k. h., by Fresno-Bister to Jim Douglata.
:A SECOND ItACE-Atbenlan Cl
-V/. olds and upward; purse 91300.
miles; three-year-
lnd. : IIor se, »ge, wt.
736
8H4 ;
810
810 '
810 I
688 !
I :« !.v Bill .6 1 .Ml
Momaivo, 6. 1 15
!J Ol, 5 140
' Huntsmn.G 1°JS
lAruudH, 6.136
Ilftlo. 6 130
i"
2 8 M
I 146 I
6 Ul Vi !
4 Mi {
tf 6
I 3 02
Md.
! Vt Std. 14 J£ «4 at. Fin. Jockeys- .
2 4 2 6 2 6 2 3 ■ U 1 Vi 1 h Owens
4 8 3 1Va3 2 31 21 21 2 6 O. locbran...
33 46 (4 16 416 4« 31 3 Vi, Cairns.
13 11 li£14 13 V, 4 1 4 1 Stanford
6 8 5 6 4 5 20 5 20 5 50 , W. Clancy....
66 5 15 6 4 6 6 6 6 Peters.
Fin.
Ing.
7
1
4
16
9
8
Good start
Won driving. Winner, King Bros.' ch. g. , by Imp.
Time, 4:23%
Doi iHiiti> H Att- Two miles; selling;
Index.
I X
ncex. | Horse, age, weight. !" % Hat ml 14 1* % Str. Flu. Jockey.
865 Unity. 4 87 2 6 8 el TT 6h TIT" 3% 1 1 Clawson
»4'» Collins, 6 89 8 1 % liu 11 12 llL la 2 V* C. Slaughter
(858) Oak land « 100 6 4 2" 3 V? 4 1 3h 4 I/, 2 1 8 4 &Jon, 9 .
815 Little Bob, 6.... »6 4 8 7*8 8 7 10 52 4 16 Frawley .... '
877 PMersecnd, 5.. 97 8 71 4h 6% 02 62 7<S 64 R. lsom
810 li? 1 ,^ 6.. • 91 6 2 1j2h 2h L 2h 4 2 64 Thompson :::.'
21? « kJm £ b - 4 -" 2 7 M 6n i 51 M* 42 SI 63 7 15 X Shield!...
861 Gov. Budd, 4... 84 1 7 3^81 3 h 71 8 8 8 J. Woods. ......
Kelt'.DS.
Op. n.
3-2
4
5
5
:o
80
80
40
2
6
9-2
e
8
20
10
40
Good siaru Won driving. Winner, L. Kzell's ch. g., by Imp. Kos*ln?ton-Unlte. Time, 3:32.
882 KOURTH KAUE - C « ndel »'-Ia handicap; flve-elghths of a mile; 1
Index.
ntfex.l Horse, weight. Pt.
840 iKosormonde 100 H
846 Kecrbatlon 122 1
876 !The Cheat 1 ;2 4
(83H) i Front de Koeof. .. 99 5
H'i-i Charles Le Bel... 98 >i
850 I 'on J.u:t 97 8
870 llermoso 107 1 2
(6T0) Miss Howena 117( 7
800 LnM.T ma lift 8
_y± %_
2 2
SI
73
4%
63
8
1 1
3 b
9
12
6 1
6 4
7*3*
8 20
3 I
I*
11
21%
8 2
43
6V 3
64
7 1
8 20
9
waun
[Hen e«sy
Bowman i
[Slaughter
I K. Mm
Trawler
K. Jones
J. Walker,
I'iir.rrvrl
• Jorkey.
10
1-2
8
8
15
50
10
•
5
20
7-10
15
I
30
100
10
• •
5
irigsott 1
£%* ".l"uple!,°w,! 1 h D I c r .t«on nMri Puebl ° "■"•'- h by Imp. Ormonde-Imp. Fairy Hose. Time,
CQO FIFTH HACK— I'alace
COO. »'20U0.
eighth miles; all ages; purge.
Index.
ndex. Horse, age, weight, ft. 8td. H % •%
(847) Rulnnit, 4 ...... 118 7 !h 8 7~4 7 U,
(815) Kuckw.. *. 128 « 1 lVfc 1 V* 1 IV. 1 IV
8G« Caiuleiarle, 3 95 6,72 711 « A 6 V.
(862) ThoKoinar>,3....108 6 4 V 2 4 it 51 6 52
847 Wheel of Kr.ne, 5.114 1 jj 1 si* »L 3 22
(866) Installator, 6 112 3 31! 2 V* 3 li 2 ft
847 Hchtler, 4 105 4 61 5 h 8 8
8.4 Kedskln.a 108 8 61 6 t> 1 4 i/%
fl 1
1 1
4 1
6M1
3 1
74
2^
!l*
53
66
710
• Bettine.
Jockey. op. ci.
Bergen..'... :....... ~i 7
' u»il • .■ ; "I 8
Clawson. 12 10
Rlsom 2 6-2
l'lggotu. ........... 7 7
Snider... • . •
Slaughter....; lo in
W. Martin......... 4 . .- I
. Uo^pVedw't^Kom'ao drtvin «' Winner. K. A. Miner's br. h.. by St. Carlo-Queen Alta, Time, 1:53%.
884.
tlA'lll
I pnr»e $3Ott
Index.
Horse, age, wa'.ght.
Ht.
V4
864 !<nesarlan, 6 1!
864 /..mar 1 i, 8 11
864 California, 5 l:
0-^7 jCeloso, 8 ](
(8">0) Tormina, 4 lJ
(834);i9allle Cllquot, 4.1
853 >Ja Hone. 5 1!
868 ifcmmn U. a 11
4 1
2 1 :
IP
Si
£*,
6b
2 b
1 2
63
58
4b
3 1
8
7.%
21
13
6 2
41
5 2
7.ii
1 1
2 1 ,
36
41 '
1^0
7 16
8
H. l»a)elds
slaughter
W. Martin
riawson
Kre. fima
6-2 2
a a
•2 3
• 8 K
6 7
20 35
100 300
60 100
<•'.. Jones
r .Inn
:Knos
A.
Good sun. wop handily. Wlnuer, W. B. sink's br. h., by Foustus-imp. Cleopatra. Time, 1:09V*
by Gsorge Cocbran and carrying 155
pounds, was the warmest . Kind of a
favorite, tbe books holding the big
jumper at even money throughout nearly
all of the betting. Baby Bill, against
which 9to 1 was laid skipped away in
front, and, although it was freely pre
dicted he would quit, failed to do so, and
in a bard drive downed the favorite a
neck. The well-played JO C was third.
Billy Randall's black Montana horse.
Ostler Joe, had speed to burn, and started
a6 to 5 favorite lor tbe first race over a
mile. Up was away in front, and holding
his field safe, won with comparative ease
in 1:42. In a drive Clawson, on Ber
nardillo, took the place from Grady
through superior riding. Vlnctor ran sec
ond to the stretch, where he grew tired.
The two-mile race was a very pretty con
test, and served to show little Clawson,
Aikin & Lottridge's clever young rider,
to good advantage. The lad had the
mount on Unity, the 2 to 1 favorite, and
rode him with perfect judgment. Wai;
ing back in the bunch with Ezell'a hors«
until reaching the stretch, the final time,
he made his run, and overhauling one
after another of his field, he beat Collins
out a length handily in 3:22. The latter
horse cut out nil the running. Oakland,
very poorly handled by Jones, was third,
lapped on Collins.
w. B. cjink's sprinter, C?e?arian, took
the final five and a half furlong scramble,
starting equal choice in the betting with
California. Zamar II led into the stretch,
where Cfesarian headed him and won
cleverly 0y « length. Away from thn po«t
poorly, California finished a close third.
KOTks.
Porter A? be is said Jo have cleaned up
$12,000 over the rictory of Ruinarf.
Tbe handicapping the past meeting at
Emeryville has been excellent, and the
many upsets are a tribute to the clever
ness in aduistins weights of that compe
tent official, J. W. Brooks.
Clawson has many followers, lie is a
painstaking little fellow, the support of a
family, and well deserves to meet with
success.
The Baldwin sale of horses in training
which took rlace at the track yesterday
was not a great success. Nine were dis
posed of, bringing the following priops:
Rev Salnz.ir. $4u5, J. Smith; Man dpi Rio,
$260, W. P. Fin»>; Cima. $i.X). F. Eckert;
Ohapulteppc, $53, G. T. Bert; Snn Carlo,
$105. Q. T. Bert ; Los Prietos, $1000, J. O
Reis; Altivo, $!00, Qasion Ash ; Naranja,
$180, H. Henry; Altanera. $2">o, E. Blazer.
THE UHIN A& AN INDEX.
1 Can Yon Tell a Person's Character by !
the Shape of the Lower Jaw?
I have just Dr. Lent's letter on ''Physi
| ognomy" in the Medical Council, and I '
I am prompted to say in reply to nis request I
j for contributions on the "chin": y.
Protruding chins characterize men and '
• women of the get-there type. Succe>sfiil '■
I people usually carry their chins thrust
i forward, with compressed lips. This chin, '
I if heavy, with broad rami and swelling !
' masseters, indicates fighting blood.
A retreating chin shows lack of force,
mentally, morally and physically ; usually
of the vie ding soil: soon discouraged;
desires protection ; small executive force. ;
The development of other faculties often i
makes up for tins defect.
A small well-rounded chin, with mobile \
and red cushion of flesh unon. indicates a
pleasure-lovins own- r. If dimiil"d all
1 the more so, for dimpled chins belong to |
, coquette*. People with dimples love 10 be I
i petted and lov«>d; like admiration and
! praise. Generally fickle. Usually ttiis i
chin is healtuy, recuperative and long- ;
', lived. -.;.?"
Broad clii'is signify nobleness and large j
dimity, unless vertically thin, when, if •
j with it there be thin lips ot bloodless
kind, you find cruelty.
Square cum* with little flesh denote
j firmness and executive cbllitr. ' Thes? '
! make good haters.
Drunkards usually have a circular line i
' about their chins.
Slovens have wiinkles about their chin*. '
Ling thin chins are poetical, unstable '
and delicate in constitution. Such people
j are subject te bowel derangements. It '
i thin through the angles of the moutn, {
j too, they are prone to tuberculosis. Gen- •
erally short-lived.
Medium chins with a suggestive bifurca- :
! tion in the center, with small mounds ot '
, flesh on either side, character z> geiu-r
--i OJity, impulsiveness, cheery natures. ,
; (The same sized chins with a dab of llesn ;
; just under the center of tlio lower ll|.. mi
i dicate meriineii, selfishness, brutality.)
N. B. — No one feature can be taken in j
: judging character. Often development of
! other faculties of mind or feature entirely '
governs. In each case take the "totality :
|of indications" before judging.— St. Louis
I Cliuique.
» ♦ — «
Church bells an» rung as fnst nnd sharp j
j as lirebells in the United S'atos.
NEW TO-DAY- "
I Bp^^^^ Second Week of the
$| Jk II 1 We thank the people for the great manifestation of con- |
|j w (0 l/ri — =r ' fidence indicated by the tremendous outpouring of multitudes J
ffl I J 7 / /(V since this great sale began. -
(I vvf / \ No clothin S sa!e in years has attracted the universal I
M II 1/ \ \ attention of this. And why ? Because it is genuine. |
H I ; 11 I The situation is clear. Just before the new tariff on j
3 I m wool went into effect we withdrew all our goods from bond — -
f • I\\ stocked our warehouses to overflowing — and, /of course, |
si I \\ obligated ourselves heavily to the banks. These obligations C
')} I \\ must be met, and at once; hence this tremendous sacrifice J
i \J vi • of profits. §
\l/a /]rKJwT\ //
I ' AT $4.85. ! j
'I Single and Double Breasted Sack Suits, I
\i in new fabrics and in all the latest shades; • - 'J
!_^ in new price $9; guaranted pure wool. . /^> t
regular price $9; guaranted pure wool. _/^> |
if ) (fio\\ Single and Double Breasted Sack Suits, A fJff 1
ip (^A \\°\\ in shades of brown, Havana, slate and over- I\j Vwf |
I\ \l r\f\ plaids; regular price $10; guaranteed pure iy if !
I %! wooK v m \
I CLA at $6.00. V=f3 !
II I / Single and Double Breasted Suits, in L iff I
SI / cassimeres, cheviots, tweeds and worsteds ; /// I
17 $12 is the regular price;. guaranteed pure wool. ill \
S//14, At $7.50. I^-. I
I ■ p Exceptional values in Single and Double - I
U Breasted Sacks, comprising all the latest \
g colorings in exclusive designs ; regular price 5
fir . $15; guaranteed pure wool. i
I AT $8.50. AT $10.00. OVERCOATS AND j
I Cutaway and Sack Suits, in Cutaway and Sack Suits, in fancy TROUSERS. I
8 serges, tweeds, cassimeres and Scotch cheviots in the new brown, Overcoats in latest styles I
II worsteds- former price %i 7 - g ra y, and J? llve shades, very dressy; from $3.75.. to $10. • Trousers, 1
w worsteds lormer price 1,17, regular 20 value ; guaranteed guaranteed pure wool, at half J
g guaranteed pure wool. pure wool. • " cost, $1.75 to $3. 5
I This sale means no profit, but a great I
i . loss to us. Having put our hands to the I
I 1 plough we cannot turn back. Onward is I
I the word till we realize the amount of I
I money necessary. 1
I Don't forget — all suits kept in repair 1
I one year free of charge. 1
! COME THIS WEEK SURE. !
j S,N.WdODsC9 1
( •'•."'■'<■ ™ <B^^ *BL w JBL JHL BHKr v
I (COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS), 1
I 541 3N^-A.R,K"ET STREET
| : DIRECTLY OPPOSITE SANSOME. MAIL ORDERS FILLED DURING THIS SALE. V
I By Special Request We Will Keep Open Every Evening Until 8 o'clock During This Sale; Saturdays Until 10 P. M. )
910
FEW WILL SEE
DURRANT HANGED
A Very Limited Number j
of Invitations to Be
Issued.
Prise Directors Investigate the
Story of the "Dead
March."
Five Convicts Gain Their Liberty en
Parole— Testing Coal for the
Ju'.emill.
The State Board of Priion Directors met
at San Quentin yesterday and labored
late into the afternoon to transact the
business of that penal institution. As a
result five convicts were made happy by
being liberated on parole. Others were
made unhappy by having their petitions
tor parole denied or tneir credits taken
from them. A considerable amount of
the business was routine.
Before closing the session the directors
summoned Theodore Durrant, the con
demned murderer of Blanche Lamont, be
fore them to investigate a published report
to the effect that the prison band had ma
liciously played the "Dead March" near
Durrani's cell for the purpose of offending
the condemned. The leader of the band
stated that the band did not discourse the
somLer musical production, but that it
was probably an overture that, was not
recognizud. Durrant was called before
the board. He stated that he loves music
and that be was never offended by any
music played by the convict band. That
settled it.
The Warden informed the directors that
Le is in receipt of scores of applications
for permission to witness the execution of
Durrant. If all should be granted th«
prison buildings would not bold the crowd
that would be present. A limit to the in
vitations to be issued must be made, and
tie wanted the advice of the directors.
The directors were not lon-; In reaching a
decision, and that Whs instructions to the
Warden not to issue any invitations ex
cept to those permitted by law to witness
<he execution. The Warden will beau
vised, later on, by the directors as to who
the favored ones will be.
Wardeu Hale reported that the Tiburon
cross-country road between San Rafael
end Tiburon, being constructed by cor.
victs at the county's expense, is progress
ing fast and favorably, lie said that
President and General Manager Foster of
the £far» Francisco and Norto Pacific Rail
load had offered to loan a lot of rails and
ties to be used for the construction of the
county road. By the use of a track tne
road material can be carried from place
to place rapidly, tcus facilitating the con
struction of tne road. Warden Hale
asked if the new Jaw relative to the
Warden furnishing Chiefs of Police and i
count. Sheriffs with photographs and de- '
scriptions of second-timers who are dis- j
Charged mean.* that he must furnish all j
such officials with t; c same or that he i
must do so only upon application. The
board decided that these photos thall be j
furnished on application. The Warden's
report upon the condition of the jutemill
and grain bag situation was a? follows:
Grain bags sold, 4,178,378; shipped, 181,478;
sold iii\ui;ini? stiipiueut, 3,996,900; to be
maiiufactuied to till order*, 152,900. This
will cover the output c.i. the juiemills, at an
aveniff of 13,500 per day up to and Ir:cluSing
May 25. Raw jute on haud: In warehouse.
tils bales, li.i- wi.l run the mills about
tureo weeks. Jute contract!- 1 for to arrive
per sailer from Calcutta, 0000 bales; per
► •Miner, 1000 bales; total. 7000. Of these j
1000 are ixj'jctfii to arrive on steamer Doric,
due'.Vpril 30; per ship < aradoc, out 106 days,
«ud 4r>o per »hip Annie Maud, out fifty-nine
day*.
Secretary Ellis read i lie report of Expert
Accountant L. W. Wadham lor the past
auarter, which was as follows:
To the President and Director* of the State
Prison at Han Quentin, Cot.— Gentlemen : Here
with you will rind tiie report of my examina
tion of the b • ■ ];> and vouchers, also the quar
terly report of the transactions oi the business
for the quarter ending March 31, 1897. April 1
I counted the cash in the vault belonging to
the general fund, also the cash belonging to
the prisoners confined in San Quentin, and
found very thing correct, accounting for every
dollar received. 1 have checked tne ca«h en
tries to the quarterly report, checked vouch
ers to cash book, checked journal entries to
the ledger, and 1 am pleased to report that I
have found vouchers lor till receipts and dis
bursements on tile ami properly numbered
agreeing with alliauthorizalions.
Cash in general lund -Cash in bank, $21,- j
570 48; cash in vault, $287 03. Total, $22,
--—i> \ I 01, -*
Cash belonging to prisoners— Cash In bank
and vault, $3742 10.
1 nave balanced your bankbook and find it
to agree with the balance in the bank. The
available funds for the balance of the forty
eighth fiscal year are as follows, viz. :
General appropriation fund, $30,030; State
prison fund, $10,209 09; jute revolving fund,
$84,493 95; cash in bank, $21,570 48; cash
in vault, $639 03. Total, $158,592 55; less
March bills, $11,343 04; balance, $148
--249 51.
I have checked trial balance of general
ledger and the prisoners' ledger and find
everything correct. Kespectfully submitted.
L. W. Wadham,
Expert for the Board.
R. D. Perry, secretary of the India
famine relief committee, appeared before
the board and a<=ked for a lot of jute
bags in whica to put the grain and corn
that is coming from the East in bulk. His
request was indorsed by Mayor Phelaa
and the Chamber of Commerce by letters.
Mr. Perry said that there is a lot of grain
now in the warehouse at Port Costa that
mast be bagged at once.
Chairman Fitzgerald stated that all of
the bags that can be made for this season
hare already been sold to the farmers at
low prices and that the board has no au
thority to dispose of the State's property
lor charity or other purposes. Mr. Fitz
gerald suggested that there are people of
this Nation, particularly in the Mississippi
Valley, who are Badly in need of all the
' assistance that can be afforded.
Director Wilkins presented a claim on
behalf of Marin County for $1481, ex
penses Incurred in the "trials of Robert
Kelly, who last May stabbed Convict Wal
tor Arrison to death in the cell buildine.
Kelly on his second trial before the Supe
KEW TO-DAY!
RANDSBURG
Has been made famous by
the Val Verde Gold Mines.
We own them. We are of-
fering a limited quantity of
shares to investors. Fully
paid. No assessments. Send
for prospectus. Correspond-
ence invited. Randsburg
Gold Alining, Milling and
Water Supply Co., Crocker
Building, San Francisco.
INVESTMENTS.
rior Court of Marin County was convicted
and sentenced to twenty year*' imprison
ment in Folsom. But for this Kelly would
have been out of prison by this time. The
claim was allowed, to be paid out of the
general appropriation, as the State Jaw
provides for the reimbursement of coun
ties for the trial of the State's convicts for
crimes committed within the prisons.
The matter of getting another large sup
ply of coal for the prison mills provoked
considerable discussion. Commissary
Tharp stated that there are several coal
dealers who would like to bid for the next
cont r act. However, the cheapest kinds
are not always the most economical for
steam-making purposes. The board de
cided that all the kinds of fuel offered
should be tested, and all bidders were
given the privilege of placing 100 tons in
ihe mill for a test, stipulating that the
bidders should be paid lor the same at the
price per ton offered by the successful
bidder.
Seven parole petitions were considered
by the board ana the following tive cases
were favorably reported, to be paroled in
July next:
George L. Walton, Tulnre County, robbery,
sentenced to sixteen years; term expires May,
1901.
David Johns, Butte County, frrund larceny,
five years 'erm expires April, 1898.
George Besette, Los Augeles County, rob
bery, ten years; term expires May, 1899.
Matthew Thompson, Butte County, robbery,
five yefirs; term expires Juiy, 1898.
Frank Gibson, Kings County, grand larceny,
ten years; term expires February, 1900.
The petition of Clinton R. H. Lee fora
restoration of his credits was taken under
advisement. In 1884 he was sentenced to
twenty years, from Fresno, for stage rob
bery, and seven years apo h« was mixed
up prominently in an attempt at a fail de
livery. Pbil Betzler, also a stage robber,
sentenced to seven years, stabbed a cell
mate. He was punished by the forfeiture
of his credits, amounting to a year, and
by being sent to Fol«om.
The assault by convicts upon Warren E.
Price, the A. P. A. writer and editor of ]
The Steamer Wellington at Folsom Wharf No. 2 and the Dunsmuir
Bunkers. The Forehold Bucket Fell Eack Into the Hold
and Killed P. Ferguson, Besides Injuring Charles Hansen
and Another Stevedore.
the Light, who is serving out his sentence
for sending improper matter through the
United States mails, was investigated.
The account of 'be assault was piven
in 'J ii k Call yesterday and reiterated by
Price, who snia that in consequence of
anicles he had written concerning Cath
olicism and its believers he had exerted
the ill wiil of a large numb.-r of prisoners.
He said :
"They got after me a week ago Thurs
day in one of the snort passageways lead
ing to the jutemill. I was keeping tally
on the convicts as they went to dinner,
and Lambert was calling tbem oft to me.
I was not looking for them to begin the
trouule so Boon, although I bad been
warned that they would <to me up. Sud
denly two or three jumped out of the line
and ir:»- Ito get at me. 1 was sitting on a
chair. Lambert held one away, but the
other gave me a blacl: eye. Captains
Ja :iu'-iiii and Sullivan came to my rescue,
and I got off very luckily. Since then the
prison olliciais tiave treated me very nice
ly, and have placed me on the outside,
where there is no fear of my being mo
lested again."
Convict O'Brien was the one who hit
Price in the eye and Convict John Me-
Natty, the murderer, is said to be the per
son who engaged in a struggle with Lam
bert, but to what purpose is not clearly
understood. O'Brien told two stories to
the directors, the unbstance of which was
that he struck Price for having cast
slurring remark* upon the Catholic sis
ters and fathers. Captains Jameson and
Sullivan did not throw much light upon
the case except to tell of the trouble.
The directors punished O'Brien by the
forfeiture of all of his credits, amounting
to a year's time.
PROM GEN. SHERMAN'S LIBRARY.
Some Five Hundred Book* Sold to a
Second-Band Dealer for #:iO.
A collection of books of the lale General
W. T. Sherman was sold in St.
Louis recently for $30. It consisted of
about 500 volumes of army records, regi
mental histories, courts-martial records
and a general assor merit ol war litera
ture. The sale was made by Thomas
Dooley, a carpenter, who did work for
General Sherman while the latter had hit
headquarters in this city as the com
mander of the United States army.
According to Mr. Dooley, General
Sherman gave him the books just be
fore he left St. Louis. The carpenter kept
them until he moved irom 3928 Morgan
street, a short time aeo, whe:i be pneked
the library in four large boxes. He then
sold the outfit to a downtown book dealer
here for $30. Tne dealer was not aware at
the time that he was securing a bonanza,
as when he offered $30 for the outfit he did
it on a venture. On examination he
found a number of valuable pieces of lit
erature and a large proportion of the books
contained the autographs of men of re
nown.
There were testimonials from U S
Grant, Rutherford B. H nyea, Phil Sheri
dan and others, besides any number of
books presented to General Sherman by
the authors. Many books, otherwise
worthless, were made valuable by the
autograph of the general himself. Among
the books were several copies presented by
Mrs. Sherman to her son Tom. He is now
a Jesuit missionary, and the buok-dealer,
who knows him, intends sending him tue
volumes.
Durine the pa9t few days a large num
ber of people have examined the collection
end negotiations have been o:>ened with
several G. A. R. posis and bimilar organ
izations looicine to the »«le of the collec
tion or part of it. — Globe-Democrat.
You may listen for a year and never
hear an angry word spoJte'in bpmnsu.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
CRUSHED UNDER
A COAL BUCKET
One Stevedore Killed and
Two Others Seriously
Wounded.
Tragedy on the Wellington
While Hoisting the Fue.
From the Hold.
The Gar Was Out of Order and It
G^vj Way During the Rush
'. of Unloading;.
The Dunsmuirs* coal bunkers at Folsom
No. 2 were the scene of a terrible tragedy
yes erdsy morning. One of the buckets
-lipped when it leached the chute and
tumbled back into the bold. It crushed
the life out of one man who was working
in the hold, dangerously, wounded another
and slightly injured a third.
Poter Ferguson was handling the buck
ets in the forehold and Charles Hansen
was assisting him. The work was being
done at express speed and the Dunsmuirs
thought the men were earning more than
they should. In the old days it usually
took four days to discharge the Welling
ton, but the millionaire mine-owners came
to the conclusion that the work could be
done in half the time and the attempt
was made. The result is that one man is
on a slab in the Morgue crushed out of all
semblance of humanity and anotber had
to be takeu to the Receiving Hospital,
while a third had to quit work for the day
and go home. Hansen heard the rattle
of the broken gear and ran toward the
starboard siile of the ship. He was not
quick enough, however, as the edge of the
descending bucket struck him and broke
his shoulder blade.
The machinery of the bunkers is oper
ated by electricity and is supposed to be
the most perfect of its kind on the coast
By a mechanical contrivance the buckets
that are lifted from the ship to the
bunkers are caught by a hoox on reach
ing the top of tiie derrick and are swung
over into the bunkers. The bucketful of
coal that caused the trouble yesterday was
h> asted to the top of the derrick, but in
stead of b^inij caught by the hook the
chain slipped and the bucket fell back
into i iie hold.
James E. Maridey, the man who was
handling the winches, was arrested on a
charge of mansiaugnter. He was advised
to skip, but he decided to remain and
face the music. An inquiry will be held
to- morrow.
Hansen was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, were it was found that he had sus
tained a fracture of the left shoulder
blade and an abrasion of the left arm.
Dr. Rinne attended to his injuries and he
wns able to go to his home in Boulton
court.
Mr?. Ferguson called at the Receiving
Hospital about 2 o'clock. She had learned
of the accident frcm a friend and hurried
to the hospital, thinking her husband bad
been taken there. The friend had not the
courage to tell her that her husband's
body was in the Morgue.
Sne wns in a hysterical condition, and
Matron Keane, comprehending the situa
tion, got her to remain in her ward till she
communicated with her father, Charles F.
Jacobus, who is employed in the Union
Iron Work--.
Her father called with a hack and took
her home, where the news was gently
broken to her. She was married to Fer
guson seventeen months ago. and is ex
pecting ti.e birth of a child. She told the
matron that her husband had arranged
to take her to the theater last night.
A Good Whaling Story.
"When a whaler is fitted out from home
she lakes her officers, boatswains and a
few foremast hands and steers for the
Western Islands (Azores). Arrived there,
a boat is lowered, and a box of new boots
put in it. The crew pull ashore, into some
convenient little bay surrounded by
woods, and landing they open ; the box of
boots and stand them all 'along in a row.
Then one man begins at one end of the
row and pulls all the boots on and off
again, one alter the other. They then
board their boats and pull off around the
point out of sight, and the natives, who
have been watching them from t:ie woods,
come down and try the boots on. Wh«n
the officer in charge of the boat thinks
they have had time enough to be fitted be
comes back, and the poor 'Gees, being un
able to run with the boots on, are easily
captured and carried off whaling.' I know
this to be a fact, for the whalers told me
ot it, themselves."— "On Many Seas."
_— . . .
Ba?j»aj:© Transferred to Train*, Strainer*
Also moved in the City. '■• "
Morton special Delivery,
408 Taylor street and t>so Market street.*
.^^___.^._^.^_._ r^^^^^_,_ J^^.^.^____ JV _. . TO-PAT— CXOTHDfG. ____^_^_^_- ; _ r _ ,__ .__-.- - "- —
v^^^^i I G>V^l I Corner Fifth and flarket Sjts*
Wff^^fc Ito Create
\^ft« A SENSATION
if y^S§pVll/ /jyjnLps / & y >^^^^^/\{u\uUTyy Among San Francisco's neat and quiet dressers,
\~+~"^<s2*^\^j Jl /af& Ns^3v^^^\\\jSJ^>^^ for our clothing comes nearer to the custom-made
Vw^A* Kir/ jS?F garments than any in the market to-day.
}>{.i\\ \\W/^P^ /* ,<&% BUT THE GlFT— lot us not forget the gift— A
/jW\l Jm T/^\ V £w Xok. /6&?QX\ HANDSOME COLD filled stem winding and setting,
"m t C iOTs )x~*^\ >£ar \^Wv^^ l/ American lever movements, open-face or hunting-
j(| L^ipNg^Vrg^;^^^ iff X*Jf IB case Watch (ladies' or gentlemen's) FREE with every
f^l X^X purchase of Men's or Boys' Clothing, Furnishing
/^^e|?bHSß n^s. V/ X^. __ Goods and Hats, amounting to $20.00 and upward.
tis\^Ji%ffi}&k X-Y mmaJj^^f^M^ Don't think for a minute that the giving of so costly
r Ng^j J^i. ~ <>l^(lllilj^^p™^^ a g ' ft W '" influence higher prices— that would indeed
s "— i. - — jC/d§&^^^^SisMrwßß^^^^ e P oor policy, since our sole object in view is to
>r>~ s @£Wt£Bs!&^^B^ 1 merit a continuance of your patronage.
Once You Wear a Summerfield & Roman Garment
You'll Be Content With None Other.
-
Exclusive timers' $10 Men's Suits for $6.25. 1 Na «y " I Boys ' All = w ° ol
NOBBY OVERPLAIDS, .. ¥ .  ~ .. Comhination <>iiitc
Checked Tweeds and Cheviots, stylish Spring fashions, coats made with JUIllOr SUItS, 25UltS,
deep facings and lined with best qualfty serges ; fly front and regular style
vests; all trousers have belt straps, and everything is first class. • — >. /Zjtik Double knee and
Couldn't be under $10 in a regular way. We make 'em — to consumer or (&^V\ FOR SMALL V-r Seat ' patent e ' a stic
dealer alike, Jh£^ BOYS, -£WX bands and riveted
56.25. /"%ii^\ M ade UP '" chic fr^\ bUtt n5 ' in Spring
— 1 ' ,fm\ ) styles of all-wool rj\ A K?J CheViOt a ° d
Eiclnsiye GlotMers $20 Men's Suits for $9,65. Wf r - -- rjILT ------
SACKS AND CUTAWAYS, MAW """*? TA? »-i TT| collars, for , ,08
'■■■• I /VU and braid and buck- \ /\ I , r a ki k
The best values ever offered. The very choicest patterns in Sawyer m/ M . W W vrs> ' a °uDle-Dreast-
Mills Cassimeres, Glendale Mills Worsteds, Bannockburn Cheviots, Co- If ■ les at the knee— our m M ed styles for 9to 15
lumbiaville Tweeds, etc. the very best of linings and the highest class of Jr. m regular 53 grades, /T ll years. $5 regularly;
tailoring— not within our knowledge have equal suits been offered under <SyJ. v f or £/* ;\> here only
— and yet we say
$12.50. $1.45. $2.50.
CHILD PATIENTS
HAVE DIPHTHERIA
The Scourge Is Epidemic
in the Children's
Hospital.
Nine Virulent Cases Authenti
cated and Six More Un
der Suspicion.
Ten Cases Reported From Various
Parts of the City Within
Forty-Eight Hours.
Diphtheria, the dreaded scourge of the
little ones, has inraded the Children's
Hospital, and nine of the inmates are al
ready down with it. Six more children
showed ajgna of the disease yesterday, and
the wildest alarm prevails in the institu
tion.
The first signs of an epidemic in the
hospital made their appearance on Thurs
day, when several children developed
symptoms that led Dr. Lewitt, the physi
cian of the institntion, to believe that
they might be suffering with diphtheria-
He immediately made use of the throat
swabs provided by the Board of Heaith to
detect sued cases, and sent them to Dr.
Spencer, the bacteriologist of the Doard.
On Frfday Dr. gpencer reported that the
children were suffering from diphtheria
of a virulent type, and the hospital was al
once quarantined and orders given that
no more visitors be admitted until the
scourge has been stamped out.
Yesterday six more childron ; bowed
symptoms of the disease, and swaba liiat
had been used on their throats were sent
to the bacteriologist.
Tiie names of those known to have the
disease are: Arthur Hank, Isabel Arm
strong, Charles Harper, Etta Salzman,
Edwin McKnigbt, Hesley 'Williams,
Amelia Mogel, Frank Harper and Frank
Knorr.
How the disease obtained a foothold in
the hospital is a mystery, for, as lar as
known, the sanitary arrangements are as
good as money could produce, and the
greatest efforts are made to preserve the
physical welfare of the inmates. It is
suspected, however, that some one of the
children recently admitted had the germs
of the disea-e in his or her system and
that it developed after being received and
that the weather being favorable the
scourge spread rapidly among the poor
little patients whose poorly nurtured
frames were not calculated to withstand
its march.
The theory is given color from the fact
that a majority of the inmates come from
the poorer districts of the City where im
perfect sanitation and crowded tenements
are favorable to the development of diph
theria and other contagious diseases.
It is feared that with the progress the
disease has made many others will be
tauen down before it is stamped out. The
most strenuous efforts are beinL' made to
confine it to those already stricken, but
Dr. Lewitt and his assistants led that
they are in lor a siege.
Nor is the spread of disease confined to
the Children's Hospital, for within the
forty-eight hours ending at 6 o'clock yes
terday ten cases outside of the institution
were reported. They were as follows: 677
Clementina, City and County Hospital.
3330 Washington. 20 Derby place, 6L9
Bryant street, 1023 Buchanan street, 728
Fulton street, 718 Fulton street, rear 321
£ighth street and 1435b Mission at.
The Demand for Ivory Billiard Balls.
The total yearly demand for ivory*bU
liard balls, whon trade in general is eood,
is estimated 10 be about 110,000 to 115,000
balls, of which America and France ab
sorb half, the remainder being used by
England, Germany and other countries.
Bad times reduce the number of balls re
quired lo about 80,000 to 85,000 per year.
As those elephants' teeth whicn are most
adapted for billiard bails are getting
scarcer and scarcer great difficulty is ex
penenctd in meeting the present demand
and prices accordingly rapidly advance,
bein£ at present mora than 16s per
pound. — Tid-Bits.
Cigars that retail for iO cents are said by
good judges to be equal to brands that sell
in the States for 25 cents.
DRIVING ON THE BALBOA.
Large Crowds Expcted to Go
Over the Finished Portion
of It Tc-Day.
Special Efforts Were Kaie to Gn
tie Avenue Into Good
Shape
One of the most popular drives about
the City to-day will nndoubtly be along
Balboa avenue, as far as it will then be
completed.
Id filling in the ground across the
Trocadero Canyon the builders of the
avenue yesterday encountered a bed of
quicksand or soft, slushy material, and in
order that the public may not be disap
pointed in having their drive to-day along
the entire course the workmen were kept
NEW TO-DAY.
1 000 REWARD' ■ r bf!h7mVr atPn » tr:iavailcCh »'«> »•'* is positively guaranteed
wortd, and is as tar superior io he ch«Dl • n Per h f " Cl electric bo t now made In a.y par. of the
now on the market "i an vie trioTiciu* , •»« ,V? ?s' e *s en lve v '"'veni.-eds - called eicciric belts
with all modern Improvements a I V|odk K P^t Uat Of " : tallow Md *• lor a tir.si-ola« oeli.
and yon uillthus nave no rea/on U com ptaln of f l lronizo «•■ o:tl^atauilshed aud reliable firm,
principled "qnacks." Buy no belt till « ii Having b-^ii swind.ed out, of our money bv un-
»K. PIEI?CK & SON, 704 Bacramemo 8 I!cot n w r - P '' rCe ' s - "O-Book ►'»"■■ • Call or addrea,
Francisco. The following drugg,"f are "^, L ° r -J 1 ' or 64U Market St.. below Kearm-, Sao
btockton, and Okobqb G. Alokehkad, sin jos* Sacramento; Uoldkn Dauo Ga,
. .■' ' ■■■."' ' . ■•. ' - \ ' . ■
at work some time after the usual hour
last night, and will also work two extra
hours this morning, for which additional
labor they will be allowed a full day's
pay-
The relief committee . had considerable
success yesterday in making collections.
The Bank of California made a second
contribution of $200, Metzgar & Franklin
donated $100, J. Calegaris gave $34 50, the
Siandard Theater benefit returned its firs?
remittance of $19, Mrs. Matilda Esberg
contributed $10, and an unknown under the
name of cash added $2 to the fun. The
total amount to date is $23,124 1L
Last night there were two IG- round con
tests at Woodward's Gardens, 5 per cent
of the receipts of wnich are to go to the
fund, with a guarantee of not less than
$200. *
A Letter Strangely Addressed.
An Aberystwith postman, says the St.
Martin's Letter Bag— the G. P. O. maga
zine — has managed to deliver to the proper
person an important letter bearinß the ad
dress, "Mra. , Wearing a Large Be R r
Boa, Violet Fiowers in bonnet'; Promenade
(mornings); Aoerystwiih." This letter
was from the lady's son, who had mislaid
her seaside holiday address.— English. Ex
change.BOHEMIA HONORS
ITS HIGH PRIEST
A Banquet to "Uncle
George " Bromley, Octo
genarian.
The Celebration of the Birthday
of the Ciub and Its
Favorite Member.
T^e Dcub'2 Event One of the Greatest
Occasions in the History of
tbe C ub
The most elaborate banquet ever wit
nessed at tbe Bohemian Clud was ten
dered to George T. Bromley last night, the
occasion bein^ iniionor of his eightieth
birthday, which was the loth.
The banquet, however, was also in cele
bration of the twenty-fifth anniversary of
the Bohemian Club, which was estab
lished twenty-live years ago yesterday.
"Uncle George" Bromiey, as he is gen
erally known, though he says no one we6t
of the Rockies has tbe legal right to call
him une'e, bears the proud title of "Per-
George T. Bromley.
petual High Priest" of the club, and as
such he officiates at ail initiations, and
presides at tbe annual jinks and other
festivities of the club.
■"I have heretofore been as modest as a i
girl about divulging my age," said the j
cnarminz octogenarian yesterday, "but I
nowtbEt I have two great-grandch ldren I j
shall blush behind my fan no loneer, so I
confess that I was born at Norwich,
roan., on April 15, IM7, and that I have
been growing older f-ver since, though I |
siill love life and enjoy the companion- j
phip of many young men and women,
feeling younger mentally and bodily than
many men of 50 and 60 years.
"My career is not one that is of any
great consequence to the public, but since '
NEW TO-DAY.
DOCTORS CENSURED.
By Sick People Who Have Paid Thousands of Dollars to
Them in Vain, and Were Afterward Cured by the State
Electro-Medical Institute. Doctors Admit the Merit
of the Treatment Only After the Most Abso-
lute Proof of Its Cures in a Great
Number of Cases.
: ; Strong Words.
HERMAN FRANK.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE—
Dear Doctor: For years 1 have been troubled with
. nervous debility, suffering terribly mentally as
well as physically. 1 could not sleep nights, but j
would lay awake b oo line over my trouble, al- j
ways feeling that something terrible was going to
happen to me. It is Impossible for me to describe
the miserable feeling I bad. After treating a I
- number of years with various physicians. I had j
nearly given up all hope of being a well man :
again when 1 accidentally read one of your adver- I
tisements. After a very few treatments at the Insti- j
tute I realized I was being greatly benefited and |
to-day there is no:, a healthier or happier man j
anywhere than myself.
HERMAN FRANK,
"Seaman's Institute,"
asa££g&-- ■-. San Francisco, Cal.
This - combined \ Electro-Medical treatment
' cannot be obtained at any other place- than
"' the Institute', as it is their own -original '■.
wiry.
Nothing Else Like It Elsewhere.
t do circumstances should the Electro-
•'fcJical Cure be confounded with theordlnary
1 .'.';'"'' u « a nt as applied by common bat-
I «vL & or with such crude magnetic appliances
A MpS' Tic belts and tbe like. The Electro-
A ;■'','",' ■*' , Cure is different in fundamental
' MnVi n r '",L' in application and differ-
vonnp e ,, ' L II Is adapted to the old and the i
•• fact to V« e K nervous « bilious, lymphatic; In
man system h and ever condition of the hu ' '
T -A-TE3 ESL.E OTRO-ME
F3ntra«5 ' Fo well an
«a^ aace . a Eddy , street.
you ask me for some biographical data
Jet me say that as a boy I worked for my
father as a lopemaker. I went to tbe
Norwich schools and made that town my
home until 1 came here in ISSO.
"I went to Cape Town and various
points along the W est Coast of Africa in
iB3l, and remained there about two years.
Before I came West I followed the sea for
about seventeen years, being with the
London and Liverpool Packet Company.
I was for a long time mate of the packet
ship Henry Clay.
"I came here as an attache of the Cus
toms service, having received my appoint
ment from Thomas Corwin.
"I was married in 1844 and had three
sons and three daughter, of whom all but
two are still living. I have nineteen lineal
descendants in and about San Francisco.
I have been a widower for nine years."
Mr. Bromley is a past commander of the
California Commandery, Knights Tem
piar, and has been an Odd Fellow since
i 1544.
"I have been a member of the Bohemian
Club for twenty-four years," he said, "and
I call it my home. I enjoy being there,
and feel happy among the members."
Mr. Bromley speaks modestly of him
self, and he neglected to say that be was
United States Consul to Tien Tsin, China,
under Gartield. He was regarded as a
charming diplomat, and those who had
business with him found him uniformly
courteous and painstaking in his work.
Speeches were made until a late hour at
the club, and all present wished the octo
■ genarian high priest of the club the re-
I turn of many birthdays.
THE INAUGURATION BALL.
Who It la Thnt Pays the Fiddlers and
All the Best.
An inquiring correspondent has asked
bow Washingtion pays the inauguration
bill, says a Washington correspondent to
the Boston Transcript. There is a tempta
tion to answer this question waggishly by
saying that such a query betrays an igno
rance of Washington's nart in the per
formance. This city talies in the money
instead of paying it out The people who
come here, individually or in military or
civic organizations, pay for whatever they
get and at handsome rates. They more
tnan pay for those general undertakings
which the local public carries out. The
inaugural ball ia a device for levying a
direct tribute of $5 per head upon all the
visitors. It is not a ball strictly. There
is practically no dancing, and people go
to it simply to see one another.
Mrs. St»nator-elect Icetiurg coes that she
may suitably maintain the dignity of her
husband's office, and the constituents of
the new Senator go that they may see the
Senator and his wile and all the other
notables on dress parade. Mr. and Mrs.
McKinley will attend the ball because the
former will have just become President of
the United States, and in his honor the
ball is given. Mr. Jones of Podunk will
go to the ball tnat he may grasp the hand
of tne new President, and others will go
because they don't want to miss anything
that is taking place. The Waahiuglon
public steers clear of the inaugural bail
ee old re-idenl has long since regarded
$5 as a figure too high for the privilege of
looking at those whom the whirl of
fortune has suddenly brought to tke top.
The ball. then, which yields from $5U.000
up in revenue, costs practically nothing,
and is paid for almost wholly by visitors
from the outside, and excspt by people of
comfortable means, by those who are at
tending their first inauguration. The ball
has no deadhead list. Another source oi
income to the local committee is derived
I from the outside public in the form of an
| indirect tax. It comes through the con-
I cessions which the committee sells, like
j permits for the erections of reviewing
stands and permits for the sale of various
articles at prominent points. Then the
privilege of selling a supper at $1 a ht aa"
lat the ball is regarded by caterers as
worth many thousand dollars. In all
I the*e ways it happens that the inaugura
tion committee raises more money than it
needs, and I think it was ei^ht years ago
that the sum of $2fi,000 was turned over
from this source to charities in the district.
Vainly Spent $1000.
T, T. HIM..
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April 9. 1897.
I Tllfon T. Hill, wish to pace on record my
deep satisfaction with tbe treatment I have re.
celvpd at the State Eleciro-Medlcal Institute I
applied for advice inert) Janu.iry. 23, 1897. being
a sufferer for six years from catarrhal troubles of
the h. ad, besides every tlm» I stooped over or
walked i.rislcly I w«s conscious of s*-iramln? In
the iK-ad and noises in the par, and labored u i der
deafness of too left ear. Tho doctors of the In-
stitute subjected me to electrical trea.ment and
prescribed internal remedies, and I now feel hat
lam perfectly well. A new lease of life is granted
me. and I am rid of oil those pains and stranco
feelings that troubled my head. «»ufco
From this bapp* perso al experience I can
warmly recom me n<l the met is of the Institute
Ihe breeze Mm the doctor plied upon my head
while I was seated on the platform of his larir«
static battery was very sno- li n S to th* nerves of
SdOTllnol?.*' 1 SPeDt ?100 With d °=""»here
■,J*F£ r , be seen at tll ° House, 1043-
-1045 Market street, by buy inquirers.
/m mm . - ,']'•, T - HILL, Vosemite House, j
(Mr. Hill Is a well-knowu employe of the estate
of the late Senator (Stanford). . " eBlale
The equipment of the Institute- is superb,
and includes thousands of dollars' worth of
apparatus and i instrumentg. $ I Call '- and in-
spect it. The visit will cost you nothing.
■ ■ • - i — : — — — ". ;?'.. r, . . '.•..
" Home Treatment. ~" '
If you live out of town and cannot visit the
Institute, this need not deprive you of the
benefit* of this wonderful treatment. It is
only necessary to write a plain statement of
your condition, explaining your feelings and
symptoms as clearly as possible, and from It
the Institute Doctors will be able to accurately
diagnose your case. It only costs you the
trouble of writing and two cents In postage to
net the opinion and advice of tho Institute
doctors. ' ;. Vi >-, . :
IDIOALi INSTITUTE,
id Eddy Streets^ . "
; :,:;, San Francisco, pal.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
MARCEAU UNDER
AN ATTACHMENT
His Former Wife Charges
Him With Misappro
priation.
Part of the Fortune Left Her
Son Involved in the
Case.
He Is Alleged to Have Secured Three
Thousand Dollars to Take
Up a Note.
Theodore C. Marceau's photograph ea-
Icry and Bis cash at Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Bank were attached yesterday to secure
the payment of about $3200, alleged to
have been misappropriated from the trust
fund of J. Allen Fiske, the Bon of Mrs.
Gerald Martin Fennell, the former wife of
Marceau, and from whom he was recently
divorced.
Some time in 1894 Marceau was in sore
need of about $3000, as the story is told by
the attorneys for young Fiske, and sought
on the strength of his note to borrow that
sum from Wells, Fargc& Co.'s Bank, but
they refused to advance such a large sum
of money without security. Marceau, the
story continued, approached his wife,
who was the guardian of Master Fiske, a
son by her first husband, and induced her
to give him an order for $3000 on the $10,
--000 deposited to the credit of the lad in
the German Savings and Loan Society,
and also the two bankbooks of the cash
portion of the boy's $60,000 fortune left
him by his father.
Using these documents as security Mar
ceau succeeded in negotiating the loan of
$3000 on his note. Eventually the note
fell Uue, but Marceau, it is stated, was in
the same financial condition as at the time
be obtained the loan. In this predica
ment he made arrangements with the
bank by which the latter was enabled to
ca-»i the order on the German Bank for
$3000.
In the action instituted yesterday by
Dunne ft McPike in the name of Mrs. Fen
nell, as the guardian of her son, it is %L
lezed that Marceau has unlawfully appro
priated this sum to his own use, and has
never repaid any poriion of it or paid any
interest on the amount.
It was in connection with this suit that
the attachments were levied by the Sheriff
yesterday.
VICTORY FOR BERKELEY.
California Collegians Defeat the
Palo Alto Men at
Baseball.
After a Hotly Contested Gams the
Blue and Gold Players Win Out
by a Seers of 15— 11.
Victory perched on the banner of the
blue and gold yesterday afternoon at Cen
tral Park, the University of California '
baseball nine baring defeated the Stan
ford team in the second of tne series of
three games this season by a score of 15 to
11. Of the fourteen games that have been j
played between the two universities in
the last live years, or since the inter-
collegiate agreement went into effect, this
is the second which Berkeley has to her
credit.
Never did a Roman warrior leave tbe
held of Mars with a lighter heart than
did the Berkeley ball-players leave the
diamond yesterday afternoon. It was a
hard, fast game from start to finish, and
at no time was tba interest at an ebb.
The grand stand and the bleachers were
well filled with lusty, leather-lunged col
legians and their maidens fair. it was
evident from the outset that the game
was to be a close one, with odds in favor
of the U. C. men. Berkeley's fortune and
Stanford's success were about even up
until the seventh inning:. Then it was
that Berkeley's fatal number became
known. It was none other than a sim
ple "7."
In the corner of the grounds the scorer !
hung upon great white placards the fol- ■
lowinc: Inning 7— Stanford 7. Berkeley !
7. At tbe end of the inning he brought ;
out a fourth "7" ana added it to Berke- '■
ley's tally. It is a peculiar coincidence !
that in the seventh inning, with the score
7 to 7 Berkeley made seven runs, which i
won the day for the blue and gold. The
narn"3 of Hoag, Wheeler, SyKes, Henae
sey, Elston, McLaren and Kaarsburg -will
go down in the history of U. C. baseball
as the men who formed the procession oi ]
seven base runners in the memorable
seventh inning.
The batting was heavy on both sides. ;
Two home runs were made, one by
Uennesey and the other by|Loughead. Not
a single error was recorded for the Cali- i
fornia team, while nine were charged up !
against Stanford. Kaarsburc; pitched
throughout the game for the U. C, while
Captain Thompson of Stan'ord relieved
Beckett in the eighth. McLaren of the
Berkeley team, who went to pieces in last
Saturday's game at short, completely re- '
trieved himself to-day by putting up a !
star game at left field.
The Stanford team was tbe same as last i
week, with the exception of Klauber, who '
was put in at center field when Thompson !
relieved Beckett in the box.
Following is the detailed account of the I
game, with the work done by each player: i
STANFORDS. A.B. R. B.H. 8.8. P.O. A. F I
Strobm, 2 b 3 1 1 1 3 4 1
Jeffs, c 5 110 10 0
Wight. 1. f 2 2 0 0 a 1 •> 1
Ciemans. 3b 3 2 1 1 3 a 5
Thompson, c.f.it]i. 4 1 U 0 '2 O 0!
Sharp. r. f 3 '2 0,0 3 0 0
liOuuheaU, s. 8. 2 2 1 0.0 8 3
Freeman, Ib, 4 0 2 1 10 0 Oi
Beckett, p 4 0 OO 0 0 1 !
Klauber, c. t 10 0 0 0 0 0 1
Totals. 31 11 7 3 2* 10 "9
CALIFORNIA* A.B. R. T: II 8.8. P.O. A. T.-
Hoax. c. f...... 6 2 2 0 10 (l
Wheeler, c 4 3 116 0 0
Bykes,r. f 4 2 X- 0 1 0 • I
Heanesey, 1 b 4 '2 3 0 7 0 0 1
Km*, 3 b 6 0 3 112 11 !
Klsion, '2 b 3 2 2 2 3 3 11 '
Kuanljurc, p 5 2 1 1 0 0 II i
McLaren, I. f 6-118201
Knster, s. s 5 0 0 1 •_> 1 0
Totals..; 40 14 la 7 37 1 0
• bcobx by rsfjrijcss.
Stanfords 0 4 0 0 3 0 0 0 4—ll
California* ....a 0 0 3 10 7 1 0-15
RUUUABY.
Earned runs— Stanford* 1. Home runs—Loueh
ead, Hennesey. Two-base hlts-Hoae 2. First
base on errors— Stanfords 5. California* 1. Firs
base on called balls— Off Kaarsburc 11, off Beckett '
4, off Thompson 2. l.«:t on bases— California* 9 '
Ktaniords 8. struck out— By Kaanburg £ by
Beckett 1. Hit by pitcher-By Kaarsburz 4
double pay— from McLaren to Uennesey. Wild
pitch— Beckett. Time of game. 2 hours 'i minute*
Umpires-Gagus and Donohue. I* c. Miner of
tidal scorer.
• • •
Baron Hirsch has secured at least one
monument "more lasting than bronze."
With the avowed object of commemorating
the great benefits which the late Baron
conferred on the settlers in his Argentine
colonies the heads of the families there
have decided to give the name of Moses
Hirsch to every male child until the first
anniversary of his death.
NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
■-ijfillfeirfi LAYING THE CORNER-STONE
/^?v^^^r I"" " " 1 uilllli IMr I IlKnlrK \I I S la r
Uj ERECTED A.d"|~897 ~fl|||lfl| IMI \ \ JD Ml[ M^ iZ
?"m?™m-Wm i\ S 1 . 1 most snDstantial buildings, the lay-
factions shall be SQUARE Wmgzsk //tit H 1 I ing of the corner-stone of a great
L^-'TnE COPNPp stXmc: W4g&z3&*^ '// '* i' II
THE CORNER stonc ofthe BALDWIN CLOTHIERS ml . \ A II . properly interests the people
- *.••■"■ . • ■
And if at any time you can equal at any other store the values we offer
now, you are at liberty to return your purchase and get your money
back. Looks like a fair proposition, doesn't it?
$1.45.
All our Boys' A ll- Wool 52.50 and $3.00 Reefer j
Suits in blue, black and grayish mixtures go this week !
for the one price,
$1.45.
A GOOD THING.
Do not let this slide. We have taken all our
Boys' Reefers and Larger Boys' All- Wool Suits that we
formerly sold for $4 00 and $5.00 and placed them on
sale for the uniform price of
$2,15,
I
$2.45.
Boys' Short Pants Middy Suits in blue cheviots
and serges— beauties— made with large sailor collars
and separate Vests. Sold for $5.00 and $7.50 by I
others. Our price
$2.45— 53.65.
500 pairs of Men's All-Wool Cheviots and Tweed
Patterns— new patterns worth $3.00 and $5.00. Our
price this week
$1.45 and $2.45.
i j
The latest in Gents' Fedora Hats in all shades at '
half of hatters' prices. Specials this week—
85c and $1.45.
iooo Men's Fine Straw Hats, latest styles, worth
75c and $1.00. Our price
45c.
iooo Children's Straw Sailor Hats, worth 35c. j
Our price
20c.
ItpO.i/u.
SCOTCH TWEEDS.
We have still something like 500 of those all-wool
Tweed Suits left that are sold all over for $15.00. We
have determined to clean them all out, the new pab
terns included, for
$^95.
SPRING ATTIRE.
Just unpacked — About 500 men's elegantly tailored
light-color Spring Suits in the latest styles, strictly all
wool, worth easily $13.50 to $15.00. Just to introduce
them we'll sell them for
$7.65.
A DRESS SUIT.
For gentlemen, strictly All-Wool Clay Worsted, in
black and blue and grays, worth from $17. 50 to $20.00.
All go for
$8.45.
\\ m)o.oO.
TOP COATS.
We'll take all our 515-00 and $16.50 Gents' All-.
Wool Covert Cloth Top Coats and place them at
your disposal for one week for only
$8.65.
The Baldwin Clothiers,
924-930 MARKET ST.
(BALDWIN ANNEX).
Mail Orders will receire prompt and careful at-
tention.
$3.45.
YODNG MEN.
If you desire to dress well it would pay you to
come and see our line. We can save you money.
These Suits are ages 13 to 19, all wool, in all styles
and colors. Worth $7.50. They'll go for
$3.45.
Young Men's Dress Suits
Swell, nobby-made goods, cut in the height of
fashion. They can't be sold for less than $12.50 in
any other house. Our price
$5.65.
BOYS' WASH SDITS
The latest Boys' Wash Sailor Suits in pretty, neat
shades om display in our window ; made with large
saitor collars. Sold by others for $1.00 and $1.50.
Our price
45c and 85c.
500 pairs of Boys' All- Wool Knee Pants, worth 75c
and 50c. Special this week
35c.
600 dozen Boys' Bib Overalls, in blue only.
Special.
15C.
1
Just received — 500 dozen Men's Black Shirts and
Drawers, the same as you pay 50c for, in three shades
—gray, ecru and tan.
25c.
Just received— 500 dozen Boys' Percale Wash
Blouses, ages 3to 10. Sold all over for 50c. Our price
25c.
250 dozen Men's Genuine Percale Dress Shirts,
with 2 collars and a pair of cuffs. Sold for $1.50 at
other houses. Our price
55c.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO •CALL."
BTTSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cat.l/—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 larUln street: open until 9:30 o'clock, j
BW. corner sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street-, open until 9 o'clock. .
167 Ninth str«t: open until 9:30 o'clock.
05 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
•treeU: open till 9 o'clock^ -
CHURCH NOTICKS.
HIM (111 H( H OF CHRIST. BCIEN-
Bfi' list— services at 11 a.m. in Beethoven Hall,
:■ 36 Tost st.. cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
lessons: subject, -The Pesurrectl n." Sunday-
school for children at the same hour, "science
and Health " study Thursday at. 8 p. M. in Mystic
Hall, 320 Post st. All are welcome.
tP^S= KASTKK DAY SERVICES AT ST
OrZS' rani's Episcopal l'hurc:i — Kev. Wi 1 am M.
Kelly, rector.: California s'-, " b»-u Fillmore and
Htelner; F. KntzenbacJi. ormnlat and director
Holy communion, 7:XO A. m. Morning^ prayer,
sermon and holy communion, i 1 a.m.. • »gan
prelude, (Hes-e); "Clir.st.uur Passover," chant
(Mormngton): "l e I>eum," In Q (CaJklu); ".lub:
late," in (■ (Calkin); "Gloria Pittri" (Mozart-
Staineri: offertory, caster anih-m, ■■Hoi ii u:h
Appointed a Day" (fours); organ postlnde
(lirosig). 3 P. m., children'- flower service. Even-
ing praise service, 7:30 F. M.: Organ prelude
(Flaceior); "Maenih'cat." in l> (Barnby): "Nanc
lMnmtis," In F (lo.irs); Motet, soprano solo
and chorus, "O, for the Wings of a I ove" (Men
dels.toan); organ solo, ■•often ol re," In D minor
(Batiste); barv -tune solo and chorus, 'I see Now the
Altar Pecked With Flowers" (Faure-Buck); tenor
solo, "Pour Out Thv Hear' Before the Lord"
(Moiique); quartet, '-Sancta Mater," from "Mala
Mater" (Kossini): ur.-an solo, "Pastorale"
(Rossini): contralto solo and chorus, 'Hark
Hark, My soul" (H. K. Shelley): offertory, bass
8010, ■'I.lsht or Our life" (Mascagnl): organ pos.-
lude (Kink ). solo quartet and chorus— Miss Mabel
Low, soprano: Miss Ivy Gardner.soprano; Frank
Mi cheil, teuor, H. A.. Kelvin, bass.
Hfr^S 3 FIKST COXHRKOATIONALCHUHCH,
!52c' southeast, corner of Post and Mason sis. —
Rev. George c. Adams D.D., pastor. The pastor
will preach an I' aster sermon at 11 am: theme,
"The Power of His Resurrection." In me evening
*n Easier Templar and praise service a. 7:30
oV'ock. Golden oate Commandery No. 16,
Kni. mb Templar, will atteud in a body. Sermon
by Rev. Ur. Adams. Kas er music under the
dir cti hi of saniuei D Mayer, organist and choir-
master The public invited. The jmsloi'.s Bible
class immediate after the morning service.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E. a
6::-.O p. M.
BriS* THIRD CO-NOUEGATIONALCHURCH,
SS^-» r Fifteenth si., near Mission— Rev. William
Rader, pastor. Services at 11 a. m Subject: -rue
Risen Lord." servict s at 7:30 P. M; subject
"ttesurrection and . ife." spei ial Enster praise
service in the evening by chorus choir of twenty*
live voices, ass st' <1 by Ml<s Gussle Mast and Miss
I'.ora Howell. under the direction of William C
Si«.|tfeld. Horning: "-ee Now the Altar"(Faurc
barytone solo a:id chorus, •'Hallelujah. Chris: Is
Hlsen" (Clart); oilvnory, "lhe KUig of Glory"
(Coombs), Miss Gussie Mast: or^au postlude
(Lemens). H.issUn«tie Mast, Evening: "I), Hall
Him" (i pnam): "King of Kings'* (Simper): bass
and tenor sol .a and chorus "Leave s, Neither
Forsake Us' 1 i>t;iiner ; offertory, "Kaster 1-. ve"
(Gounod). Miss Fiora iiOA-eil; "ueltelujah.
Chorus" (HaouVl). All are cordially invited.
It^f PLYMOUTH OOHOREOATIONi L
&*■& Church, Post st. . near Webster- Special
faster services to-day at 11a m. ana 7:30 p. m
Addresses morning and evening by r»ev. R. K.
I.loy d. In the morning the sacred cantata of "The
Wonder ul story" by member* of the tin ud ay-
school and the choir, with additional pieces bv the
cnolr. In the evening a grand Easter praise
service.
ftT^ CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
IS--*' corner of Geary and Powell sts.— Bev. John
Hcmphill, D.D., pastor. Services hi 11 a. m. ana
7:30 P. M. oriiin_- service: s-pecial Kaster
music: an ihein, " >, Joyous taster Morning" (b.-
Hclint;i-kt.-r): solos and quartet: ofi't'.iorv, •• i in-
Kint; oi «.Tiory (by Coomo<): soprauo solo, Mis
Florence Dune; anthem, '-Awake, Awake, 'us
Kaster Morn' (by '1 ruett<-). evening service:
"Jubiiate L»eo" (Gounod); offeitory; alto solo
Mrs. >edg:ey Reynolds. All are cordially Invited.
Z£~S= FIRSTCIIIUSTIAN CHURCH,
Or-*' Twelfth St.. bet. Howard and Mission —
l run It B. Ford, pastor. 11 a si . Easier se. vice
sermon subjtc, 'Consider the Li.ies. ' special
mime aud ilrconulona. 7:45 p. m , tlie second at
dress of the scries on the -Resurrection o.- Jesus.
Presentation of ineevideuc« ;or tlie resurrection.
'.'.ii a. M., Sunday-school. 6:30 P. M ,Y. I', s. «.. E.
beats free. All welcome, come.
*^S» WEST sIDK CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
Wr~£? Bush *t.. bet. .-cottana Devlsadero— Preach-
meat 11 a M. by Rev. J. 15. Hasten; topic, "Hi
liesurrectlo;.": 7:15 p. m., by the pastor. Rev. »
A. Gardner, topic, "Baptism a Proof of the Resur-
rection of Chris .'* sj.e.i.il Easter music at each
service. .Sundjy-scliool. 10 a. M Junior C. E..
4:30 p. m. V. P. m.C. £ 6:30 p. m seats free.
il» any weUome to all. Suiklmv-fcuool at C. E.
>'an>' 1818 V i io:i Sl., at 3p. M Prayer-meeting,
Wednesday. 8 p. m.
gr-3*=> THE SECOND LNITAP.IA.V CHURCH,
i»^ lS ' cor. Twentieth and Oapp sts.— A. J. Well
pastor: residence, yji Valencia st. .Mr. Wells will
preach at 11 a. K. and 7:45 P m. Morning sub-
ject. "Consciousness and Immortality"; evening,
"The Larger Thought in Re Icion." .- pedal music
All seats are free. Sunday frsiival at 9:4
a. m. You art' invited.
G£~s= FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH, EDDY ST.,
BP^^ near Jones— M. P. Boynton, pastor, j
Services suuday. April IH, 1897. Preaching by j
the pastor at 11 a. m : subject, "The Angelic In
vitatlou." Baptism before the sermon At 7:30
p. M., Easter song service, special mu-ic. Y. P.
A. C. IS., senior, intermediate ana Junior, 6:;
p. m Prayer and conierence meeting, Wednes-
day, 7:45 P. M. Pastor's address, 431 Ellis st.
leleptioue. east 954. i o all the above service
everybody ii welcome.
P^S* CENIENAKY METHODIST EPISCO
V>~-&' pal Church souih, 1717 Bushsu. bet. i-oui;
and Octavia— Dr. C. B. Kiddick. pastor. Pleaching
at 11 A. H. aud 7:45 P. if. by the pastor. Airs.
Catherine Fleming Jlinrichs "ill sine at the morn-
ing service, Sunday-school, 9:45 a. m. Heir
lar prayer-meeting every Wednesday evening
All welcome.
ft^-5' FIRST NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH
•»-*' (SwedenborKian). O'Farrell street, near
Webster— hey. D, V. lowen, pastor. Services at
11 a.m.: sutjHct. -The spiritual Resurrection."
No evening sp vice. HabbMth-«chool at 10 a. m.
seats are tree ami all are cordially welcomed.
Free Horary. . Heading class meets in the library
every Tuesday evening at 7:45 o'clock.
§r~S= SEVENTH- DAY ADVKNTIST
■>-» Church, 914 Laguna 5.., bet. McAllister and
Golden Gate ave— Elder 1.. E. .Miuross, pastor:
residence, 400 Octuvia st- Services: sabbath (Sat-
urday), 9:45 a. m., sabbatb-sciiool: 11 o'clock,
preaching. Subject, "lhe later Rain." Also
preaching Sunday evening at 7 :45. Subject of the
*■ ii n day eveniiiK di-nouise. "Tlie \ew ovenant
The public , cordially invited to ail these services.
Seats free. .
tt^S* SWKDKKBOHU MISSION SOCIETY.
m-& Washington Hall, Red Men's building. 320
Post St.. opposite Union square. — Hev. J. s.
David, pastor, service at 11 a. if. Subject of ser-
. Bon: "The Lord's Resurrection a Progressive
Work." Questions answered. All are invited to
attend.
fts&> MR. HENRY VARLKY. THK NOTED
»--* ? lo don evangelist, at Metropolitan Tem-
ple— i-ourth >onaa» of the campaign Mass-meet-
Inc at 3 o'clock P M. open to an. Mr Varley
will publicly answer questions received. Great
evening assembly at 7:30; subject, "The Real-
estate Question; or the Ru:nTbat Must Follow
Diviied interests." Revival services eveiy even- '
Ing doling th« week, except Saturday. All art I
hearillj* invited.
{t^=« ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM, MASON
t*-*' and Ellis sts.-Graod Ens praise set vice I
this afternoon. 3 o'clock. The Knickerbocker quar- I
let and Lyric quartet (ladies) will participate I
Free to the public, both ladies and centiemen. 4.11 i
liivitfd.
Pt^S" THE THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY— !
"~-*^ Free public lectures every 1 1 n .!.-■■.- eveiiirs i
nth o'clock, Portola Hal., Native Sons' buiidlnc i
To-nUht, 'The Key to Magic," b.Mi.i Marie A. I
Walsh.
R^-» bAN FRANCISCO THEOROPHICAL
""-*' Society, Academy of Sciences building, 819
Market Lecture every Sunday evening. To- I
night, "Real Meaning of Ka-iter," by K. Williams-
Branch mee'lng Tuesday evening; topic, ••First I
object of the Theosophical Society*.
KOTICK OF MKKTI.VGS.
IT^» EXCELSIOR LODOtt NO. rrt ..w^,
W»>s£/ niu. I. O. <). F. — liiitlation^Sra^>-
MONDAY KVEMXG, April 1 !», H~y4g££*^
1997, at 1*319 Mission st. All mem' '^/iwf^^' {
bars and visiting brothers are -cordially invited to
bo present. R. 11. FAIKCUILD, N. a.
J. H. Di.ncan, Ri'C. sec. '
|trs» HERMANN I.ODO 1 -' No. 145. j^.7i»^
»-£' I. O. O. V.— Ihe officeis aud^^S*^^ i
iunnbers of the luneral com in it tee of .~fr^£j>~S!*
tiiu lo»1-.;.arp herewith requested to / ?s'/!l\v v
assemble at their lodgeroom. Harmony Hall, 1749
Mission st., >I'XI).»V, April 18, at 13 o'clock I
t oou, to attend the funeral of our deceased I
brother, C. BRAXDEXBUKG. Hy order of
J. F. BRECKWOLDT, >'. G. I
Chablks Wikskl, Secretary.
IfSS* OFFICERS A.ND .MrMBKKU OF SLA-
U^-*^ vonlan National - ocial Club are requested
to be present TH MORNING at 9 o'clock sharp
at Alcazar Hail, I*o arrell si., for the purpose j
of participating in the parade of their iourili an-
nual outing, which is to take place at Germania |
Gardens. Presidio. By order of
S. KUCICH, President.
STcS* THIRiY- FIRST ANNUAL. «■
*-*' gathering »nd games of the Cale- 3L 2*03
donlari»:iubof Han i rauclsco at hiiel] VkXi^
'Mound l'ark, Berkeley, SATURDAY, '*3Nfc
JIRV - 9 - D. R. McNEILL, Chief.
Jaiihs H. Imxca.v. Secretary.
HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-213 BUSH ST.,
J-» board and room $1 to %-i per day f 6 to fill
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1: suit*
looms tor family $i to »i SO per night: lirst-clau
Viti; ueecoKia. VUA&Uiii iIU^ i J.\«uiti.i4ir
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
«P^3s» DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
Wh3? 42 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
Hiiti-liiii.vni -~ugiir Plantation Company will be
payable at the office of the company, 327 Market
street, on and after Tuesday. April 20. 1897.
Transfer books will close Wednesday, April 14,
1897, at 3 o'clock P. M.
K. K. SHKI.I) set-ret wry.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
f^55P lIEREAI-TER 1 SHALL NOT BE UK-
•~-^ * ponsibie for any bills the captain or crew
of the scow fearless will incur. UiiO. aNNUS-EN.
fT"^ C. L. TAYI OR IS HEREBY NOTIFIED
t-*' to redeem trunk at 1654 Market m.
! frjg- NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
CF^ the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Fo!som st.
has received the following orphan «ik! half-or-
phan glrlt from December 31, 1896, to April 1,
! 1897: Carrie F.ll/.iio«'th Nlckerson. 8 rears 1
month: Ceciie ililloise Williamson. 9 years; Char-
lotte Mont.inya. 8 years 8 mouths; Pbcebe Mod-
tanya, ft years 11 months; Mil f red Nelson, 12
years 9 months; Helen Beatrice fteglan, 1 year;
' Klsie May Knudsm, 8 yean 10 months: Mabel
) Dannevip. 10 years 4 months; Lillian Dannevig, 5
! years 1 month; Edith Howard, 10 yearn 3 months;
| Nellie Simons, 11 years 2 months: Harriet Flor-
: ence i alum. 6 years; ' Madora Sharp, 1 year 8
I mouths.
[ jrgp BAD TENANTS EJECTKD FOB M:
■ W~& collection* made: city or country. Pacific
■ Collection Co. 415 Moutiry at., room 6; tel. 6680.
i
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
pAUFORNIA STATE SPIRITUALISTS' AS-
\J sociation at Scottish Hall, 105 Larkln st.. HUN-
DAY, Apri. 18, at 7:30 p. if. : P. of. Fred Evans,
the world-renowned Independent slate-writer, w 11
*lve a short lecture, followed by bis wonderful ex-
pertmen.s in slate-writing: admission 10 cents.
SCOTTISH HALL— BIBLE TEACHINGS AT
in a. v.; "The Holy Ghost and Second Com-
tug of Christ." 11 a. si.; healing the sick by laying
on of hands at 12 m.; miracles of healing in this
Pentecostal church. Dr. Truesdell, pastor: Mrs.
Truesdell. teacher.
I \T 997 MARKET ST., FIRST PRO-
-»*» gressive spiritual Church — 11 a. m.. Easter
services: 2p. if tests, flowers, articles read, Mrs.
Dunham, Henderson, Mr. Hausen: 8 P. m., tests,
I full names. Mrs. Dunham, McMeeitin, Mr. Waters,
[ Luhrv all welcome.
I T IBERALS AND FREETHINKERS — DR.
X-i Vork, the noted orator, speaks at Mozart Hall,
1358 Market St., every Sunday evening, at if sharp
snbject this evening: "Some Reasons Why I am
Not a Christian." Admission 10c. Clergymen cor-
! dially invited.
j OAKLAND, LORING HALL. ELKVrNTH
and Clay sts.— Christian spiritualism F.aster
i <»■ ebration. Inspirational lecture, pirit messages.
; Mrs. Hate Heussmann, -:30 and 7:30 o'clock.
I Also independent slate writings by Mrs. Mena
j Francis. Free,
j T>ROFE-SOR FRED EVANS. THE NOTED
X state-writing medium, has. at th> request of bis
many patrons, opened offices down town. 112'/
' Market St., parlors 1, "_' art 3: for the next ■ 0
days charges will be reduced as follows: ladies
92, gents $.•'.
I AKi.AND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY. FRA-
( V " ternai Hall, Washington St.— Sunday afternoon.
ballot tests by Mrs Friela«. Sunday and Friday
evenings inspirational lecture by Mrs. Lillie; in-
| spiring -on;- bv Mr. Lillie,
I pHARLES AN PERSON. BOY ORATOR.
I \J Stilt Clemens. Mrs. Henderson. Hargrave. oth-
I era, Sunday. 2 p. if., 10c, Washington Hall, 35
Eddy St.; S p. it., 335 McAllister; skeptics invited;
i sick healed.
TT'RIKNhSHIP HALL, 326 MCALLISTER. TO-
' X I night, test meeting: Mrs. C. J. Meyer, others:
letters, articles read: free conference and tests '2
| p. it; Mrs. Dunham, others.
AT DR. PINES' SPIRITUAL SOCIETY, 909
-TV Market st. — 11 a. m , stitt, Hanson; 2 p. M.,
and at Bp. m., Ms. . paly, Jonsou, others. Office,
12.6 Market a t., 10 to 6 p M.
JOHN SLATER, THE GREATEST PLAT-
«i form ten meeting: seance to-night, at 909 Mar-
ket si-, at 8 sharp: admission, lf>c
MRS. HEN DEE ROGERS, 122 TAYLOR ST.;
-'I sittings daily; circles '1 uesdavs and Thursday
evening.
1 CV. MILLER, ETHER LIZ NG, MATE RI-
V'. alizlng seance to-night, 8; 60c. 635 Pos: st.
FRANK HARLAND TRUMPET SEANCE,
X with sla'e-writlng 10-nlpht: 2Sc. 1062 Mission.
MRS. MAT" STEERS, 3121/2 OAK: CIRCLES
■»'l Tuesday, 8 P. if , Thursday, '£ p. M : readings.
UXK, YOUNG'S TF.BT CIRCLE TO-NIGHT.
i'l )0c: convincing tests. 418 McAllister st.
\fRS. AITK N. H'iQ MCALLISTER: NO BE-
-'1 ances until further notice; sittings dally.
MRS. MAXWKLL COLBY, 12:% OAK ST.;
-i»l sittings daily: circles Saturday evenings
EDWARD EARLE, INDKPF.NDKNT SLATE-
Vj writer, can be found at 330 Elli.i .st.
DR. SCHLESsINGER HAS RETURNED;
sittings dally. 534 Page St.
SITUATIONS WAKTED-rEMALE.
AFIRST-CLsSS COOK. ACCUSTOMED TO
J\. coo .ing for institutions, asylums, schools, etc.,
with tb«! in st of reieences.' is desirous or securing
a situation. Apply to J. F. CRUSETT & CO , 31tf
Su i<-r st.
I pESI'tCTABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
J » tion as cook or to Jo general housework; refer-
ences. 1912 stelner st.
i YOUNG LADY DERIRES POSITION AS GOV-
I X ernes» or companion: holds first-class certifi-
i cate; nea*. seamstress; wages 120 to $25. Call 3
! day*. 23-'3 Howard st.
I ■OEFIXED L\DY DESIRES TO READ A FEW
IV hours dally to Invalids, tench drawing, p i int-
I inir, embroidery, art work in all latest novelties:
! verv accomplished: private or institution: terms
reasonable. C, box 18, Call Office.
| p ERMAN WOMAN' WITH A CHILD WANTS
| "JT place %3 . housekeeper; city or country.
18 Sheridau st, oft Ninth, bet. Folsom and Har-
I rison.
! /COMPETENT LADY DESIRKS SITUATION
: \J as housek»«-ppr for a widower with family:
cif or country town; or lady's companion. 1926
: Market st . room 32.
I yOU v o SWEDISH GIRL, JUST FROM
-L Sweden, to do general housework. Please call
■ on Monday «t 517 Post St., in rear, or at «89 How-
I ard, in shoe* hop.
i WKDISH OIRL DESIRES PLACE TO DO
j O cook n; and downstairs work or general house-
I work: is a good cook. Address 318 Jessie st.
; T\riDOW LADY, HOUSEKEEPER FORWID-
I " ower; city reference. Address H. H., box 47,
Call Office,
pOMPKTENT WOMAN DESIRES SITUA-
\J tlon at general housework: citv or country:
j waget $10 or $15 per montn 367 Jessie st.
' VIIDDLE-AGED WOMAN OF 16 YEARS EX-
; J'» perience, and daughter 23 years, woull like a
: position in hotel or b<>arJitig-houie: highest refer-
| ences. Van Ness House room 42.
j -TJRESSMAKER, FIRST-CLASS FITTER,
It Btyll*h draper and designer; $2 SO per day.
I MISB WARWICK. 104 Grove St.
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIRL DESIRES SIT-
\J uation; general housework in gcod family;
good reference. 2610 Bush st.
I ■RESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES TO DO
I It washing and ironing by the day. 820 Folsom
St., upstairs.
j •VTOUNG ACCOMPLISHED EASTERN WIDOW
X desires a place as managing housekeeper;
bachelor's or widower's home preferred; will do
plain sewing. Room 3, 120V: Geary st.
LDERLY LADY DEsIRKS A POSITION AS
-Ci working housekeeper: city or country. Call or
address 91 & Howard .it
A TTRAC YOUNG LADY OF .AMIABLE
xV disposition desires a po<ni<in as typewriter or
| copyist. l'.'OVs Geary st., room 2, first floor.
! pOMPETENT AND EXPERIENCED DM Ess-
i \J maker desires «vork by the day; prices reason-
able. 915 Howard st.
VI AN AND WIFE. WITHOUT CHILDREN,
| i'l want work: wife as laundress or upstairs
I work; man to do choies. Pease address J. 15.,
box 149. Call Office.
OIRS.T-CLABS (SWEDISH GIRL. TO DO
i. hoos-work or cooking as tirst-clna'? cook;
wages $25. Addre-s or call Monday, 513 Me-
Al. inter st.
YOUNG WIDOW FROM INDIANA WANTS
X gentleman partner. Room 2. 223 Post st.
yOUXO GKRMAN GIRL WISHES SITU A-
A tion as chambermaid; Is perfect seamstress;
first-class family only. Apply or adlress 1112
Pierce St.. bat. Eddy ana Ellis
■y-OUNG LADY WISHES SITUATION TO AS-
X sist with and take care of <hlla: willing and
ob'Uins. Address 469 liryant st.
CIOLOBED WOMAN WANT- SITUA I lON AS
\J chambermaid or light housework. Call or ad-
j dress MRS. « AKT jSB, 370 Natoma st.
RESSMAKER, FIRST CLASS. WANTS
U work at ladies' houses or at home; city refer-
ences. 710 Jones St., opp. Berkshire HoteL
I "I ADY WOULD LIKE TO ACCOMPANY. IN-
-1J valid coin* I- ast in exchange for part payment
| Of fare. Call or address MRS. TELL. 328 Geary at.
pOOD, -CAPABLK WOMAN WOULD LIKE
VT position, small family: ' light housework: city
or country. ; Address 737 Howard, room 1&
11' ANTED-BY SKAT, ACTIVE WOMAN,
"" Hltualion as worklnz housekeeper in country;
good cook; excellent breudmaker. Address Jilt;,
A. CALLONAN, 314 Jessie st. •
YOUNG LADY RECENTLY FROM * THE
X East desires » permanent place as houekeeper
In a bachelor's or widower's home; city or country,
or will di» plain itwlas. *. 2, 223 Posi au, alter 10.
THE SAN FRAXCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
FITT7ATIONS WANTED-Continnei.
BY AN ELDKRLY LADY. POSITION IN
respectab e Protestant family: is an experl-
MM d seamstress, nurse or will be genera ly use-
ful; wishes a good home with small remuneration:
goo i r>>ierences Address 23*8 Pine St., near
Fillmor*
} EXPERIENCED AND PRACTICAL YOUNG
1j lady desires a no-ition as typewriter and ste-
nographer; ctty or country. Rooms 3 and 4. 309
Sutler st.
O WEDISH WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
0 day, washing or bousecieaning. Send postal
410 Munich st.
■yoUNG GERMAN WIDOW WISHES PLACE
X ax housekeeper in widower's household. R. 1,
106 Fourth St.
1 POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER BY NEAT
1 ana competent lady, is used to ■ ouiury life and
a good cook. Call or address Housekeeper, 474
j Jessie st.
HT A THOROUGHLY CAPABLE WOMAN
situation to keep house for family intending to
close house for the summer; no objection to out- or
two of lain Iy remaining. ca.l or address 1118
I-afayette s: , Alameda.
yOISG WIDOW RKCKNTLY FROM. THE
X South desires a lucrative position as house-
keeper in lodging-house, widower's or bachelor's
! home. R. 3, 995 Market si.
I "llflDoW WISHES POSITION* AS HOUSE-
| '» keeper or will do plain sewing. Call 821 Mis-
| sion St., loom 6.
I p ERMAN GIRL WISHES WASHING AND
VT bnu^ecleaning by the day; wages $1. 216V&
Polk si., i ear.
/COLORED GIRL DESIRES SITUATION AS
\J lady's maid, child's nurse; well educated; city
or country. Address 141V Jackson st.
VTEAT KKLIABLE WOMAN WISHES POSI-
XI tion as working housekeeper; no objection to
the country. Address Housekeeper, 310 Gough.
I TIT ANTED-SITU ATION BY AN EASTERN
j " widow, with a child 6 yens old, as house-
keeper or general housework: good am cook:
country preferred; good referenc« given. Address
K E.. box 75, l all office.
SWEDISH WOMAN WOULD LIKE WASH-
O ing or housecleuning by the day. Call 2308
Twenty-third st. •
yoUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE A SITUA-
X tion as housekeeper; city or country. 138a
Fourth su, room 4.
yOUXG WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Apply 120a Eddy st., room 7.
ERMAN GIRL WISHE-* TO ASSIST IN
VJ housework; wagessls. Call 1109 Florida st.
COOK WlsHt-s SITUATION AS LUNCH
cook or in coffee-house. H. F., box 86, Call.
you.No lady desires position ab
X housekeeper. 121 Montgomery su, room 8.
\\r ANTED— POSITION AS MANAGING OR
' ' working housekeeper by neat, practical Amer-
ican lady; Is good cook: excellent manager: un-
derstands cure of milk: will not object 10 nice,
quiet country home \vi:h all modern conveniences:
«_'s; references given and required. Adaress
j MRS. E. S., box 1.87, Lblco. Butte County, Cal.
"VrOUNGOIRL (EASTERN) DESIRES SITU-
X ation in private family; would do cooking and
downstairs woik or general houework here there
are no children; wages $'J5; country preferred, S.
M., box 160, Call Office,
ESPECTABLK GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
position to do general housework or care for
children; city or country. Anlboru House, 319
I- ran , ave.
IDDLE - AGED COLORED WOMAN, UN-
derstunds cooking and general housework,
will take a sli nation by the day or week. Address
e. 1... box £5, Call.
£•] C LAKKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UJi) CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL; POSITION AS
O chambermaid, seamstress or second work. 610
Jessie st.
A'OUNG WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Apply 120* Eddy st., room 7.
yuU.NO LADY (PARISIAN) DESIRES A
X housekeeper's place; good disposition: prefers
lodging-house, widower's or bachelor':- home; city
or country. Rooms 10 and 11, 122 Post st.
RE FIK ED ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG
French widow desires a place as housekeeper
or companion. Room ". 1-2 Post su
(Jit LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
")1U CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
OUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A SITUATION
X as housekeeper for gentleman. 223 Post su,
room 17, third floor.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
\J tion as cook or do general housework in small
family; city or country. 476 Jessie, near sixth. '
SW COR. SIXTKKNTH ST., NEAR MIB
~ slon; branch office of lu< Call. bub-
scriptions nnd want ads taken.
('] LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Ulu CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
you.NG Parisian lady in reduced
X circumstances desires a lucrative position as
housekeeper in hotel. widov/er's or bachelor's
home: will do pin in sewing. 1122 Mantel, rru. 31.
"VyOULDLIKE POSITION WITH LaDY AS
i • ' nurse; one going to seashore or springs or
I travel. Addresi 1640 Sacramento St.
/•I C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UI«J CALL: subscriptions an'i want ad< taken.
A"OUNv LADY, FORMERLY IN CO D CIR-
X cumstances, desires to secure a place as house-
keeper in hotel, bachelor's or widower's home:
| will do plain sewing. Km 11, -.3 Posts;., 2d lloor
I
! QCOj" MISSION — SUBSCRIPTION-* AND
: «i)-U want ads taken for THE CALL.
\ OUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE A SITUA-
X tion as lions-keeper. Call or address House-
I keeper, room 42, 775 Mission su
j INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
i TT Market: 200 rooms vsc to SI 50 per night;
i $1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
| free bus and bargage to and from Lfce terry.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
CHINESK & TATA7rr&"ET^>'l^^YT?Arl37
help;tel.main 1997. BRADLEY di Cv). .640 Clay
I .^ _^^^_____
HL ER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPaNKSE
employment office, removed to 614y a Califor-
nia su, near Kearny. lei. main 231.
CHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 414% O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE, CHINESE EMPLOYMT
t) waiters, bousecleaners. 30 Geary: tel. red 143.
SAM KKE— CHINESE AND JA PKNKSK EM-
ploy mem office. oil Bush St., nr. Grant ave.
JAPANESE INTi-.LLIOKNCE AGENCY. It
J 80, St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st. : tel -Main 5234.
I . _
OSITION WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS CUT-
ter and tailor: reference given. Cutter, box 9,
Call uflice.
I QITUATION BY ENERGET.C YOUNG MAN
| O of good character and habits; will work for
I *'-'O jer month or less for good firm. s. W., box 3,
Call Office.
\IAN GOING ON A TRIP WOULD LIKE TO
l'J do sign advertising. J. 8., box 16, Call office.
j p ELIA B L E STATIONARY ENGINEER
XW wants a job In the city. 11., box 26, Call.
POSITION AS HELPER IN MEAT MARKET;
X some experience; honest, sober and tellable;
references mven. Address H. C. LAURSEN, 627
Commercial su . •
\\T ANTED — POSITION AS ASSISTANT
I TT cook: quick and active; not afraid to work:
| wages uo objecu Address K. L. ALEXANDER,
| 834 Folsom st.
i JAPANESE YOUNG BOY WANTS POSI-
O lion as schoolboy; city or across the bay. Ad-
| dress 3. T., box 16, Call Office.
I pENTLKMAN, 36, UNIVERSITY EDUCA-
J VI tiou. speaking 6 laiguages well, desires posi-
! tion as manager, instructor or companion In pri-
; vate family; salary last question: excellent refer-
! ences. Please address S. P. STERN AU, 814 i.a. -
kin st. . .
JAPANESE WISHES POSITION; PLAIN
O cooking, housework or any kind or work; k'Ood
| recommendation; wagess4. G. b., 700 calif urnia.
■EMPLOYMENT WANTED BY AN ELDERLY
-1-i Canadian man on a ranch or private place;
lias hun lied horses, cows and poultry: moderate
compensation; city or country: fober and In-
dustrious; references. H. K. A., 674 Folsom sl.
OU.--G MAN WITH SOME EXPERIENCE
X and be city references wants position as bar-
tender or in liquor-store; Is also thorough office-
man. Adaress L., box 143, Call Office.
STEWARD, LAST 3 YEARS _ WITH THE
Zeta Psl Cub of New York, would like to lake
charge of a small club, restaurant or uoiel; city or
country; firs-class references. Address Steward
I box 144. Call Office.
ELDERLY GERMAN CARPENTER. CABI-
Xli net-maker, pain upholsterer, wants position
hotel, institute or gentleman's place; good home
more an object than wages. Address C. 8., bux
147, Call Office.
\'OUNG AMERICAN, 26 YEARS OLD. DE-
X sires to learn electricity: good reference*;
wages no objecu ' H. L. CV, box 14, Call uffice.
BAKER (GERMAN), FIRST CLASS ON
bread and cakes, wants steady work; city or
country. Addrais 19 Zoe su, beU Third and
Fourth, near Bryant. .'
GENTLEMAN WOULD LIKE SITUATION
VJT as barkeeper in i he country; can play piano
if required. • C. 8., box 91, call Office.
QTRONG BOY, 17 YEA KB OF AGE, WISHES
O to work on a ranch. 1206 Polk su
A MERICAN MAN AND "WIFE WANT SIT-
XV nations on ran en or dairy-, man No. 1 milker*
wife guod cook. Address J. a., 962 Howard su
SITUATION* WA>'TED-Cnitlnn»<l.
"I: ivi:sob*:rtkustwokthy young man j
-•-' wants situation; understands care of horses, I
garden; food mliker; handy with p umber's an t |
carpenter's tools; references. L. M . box 3. 0, Cull. I
yoi'Ni;, INTELLIGENT MASSbUR AND
X n.edi-al icymnast, spealcs several languages,
wishes a place to attend invalid: travel or summer
resort. Address t. il., box 85, CalL
POSITION WANTED AS ASSISTANT MIN-
X ing superintendent or full charge of small prop-
erty by young man of good habit* ; surveyor, book-
keeper and assayer; best references. Addres* H.
W» box 60, Call Office.
TVJUHSE, VALET AND ATTENDANT WILL
-1-* tlve services lr. return for fare to England:
6Va ears' experience; reference* boot. Call
Ollice, Oakland.
"vrorNU man WANTS place to wokk in
X morninK or after school hours: small pay. with
boar.l and lodging. Call or address H. IN.-KITT,
718 Valenc a st.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
t Call: want ads and subscriptions t alien.
SOBER AND INDUSTRIOUS YOUNG MAN
wishes to learn grocery business; aged i.O. Ad-
dress Reliable, box 8, Cal. Office.
,-<.>7 MOXTUOSIJSKY COKNER OF CLAY—
•'— • open until 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
'.be Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
■yOUNG MAN. 10 YEARS' EXPERIENCE IN
X mercantile trade, wants position in office or i
any kind of work. Aonress C. E. II , box 91. CalL
ft! C LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
*JJ. «J CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
OWISS YOUNG MAN DESIRES SITUATION
0 either in small family oron ranch; good milk-
er; understands horses. Address M.S., Twenty-
sourth at. and Potreroave., care or RE BROS,
1) RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
XJ st. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
KKMALE HELP WANTED.
MKS. HENDERSON*, HEAD WAITRESS,
please call. C. K. HANS>EN& CO., 110 Geary.
pHAMbEKMAII), HOTEL, COUNTRY, $20:
V 4 waitresses, country hotels, $20; chamber-
mal'i, city, s eep horn-, $12: head waitress, $36;
cook and laundress, country. $20: 2 waitresses,
restaurant, city, $15: 3 Scandinavian girls,
housework, $20; '1 German girls, city, $25; 8 girls,
housework, $15 and 120. C. R. HAN HEN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
\\r ANTED — COOKS FOR BOARDING-
»» houses. $25 and *30: 6 tlrls for housework in
count y. $.0 and $25; second fills, country, $15
and $k0: first-class German cook, $30: Freuch
nurse, $^6; 2 waitresses, country hotel, $20; Ger-
man second girl, $25: laundress *25; German
nurbe. $20; head waitress, $30: 2 restaurant
waitresses, $6 a week. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., alo butler su
A-O U N G G IRL TO MIND CHILD DAYIiME.
X Call 2512 Sacramento su
EXPERIENCED OPHRATORS ON WHITE,
XJ fancy and flannel shirts: also a limited num-
I ber to learn. Standard Shirt I actory, Gougb and
Grove sts.
M BOWMAN— A FRIEND WANTS YOUR
• address. Send to M., box 70, Can Office.
"y-OUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X Inquire 2114 Devlsadero st.
\V"ANTED- LADY PARTNER IN LODGING-
-11 house; $200 required. Room 9, 126 Fourth.
MILLINERY APPRENTICKS TO LEARN
making and trimming. Call, after 10, 103
Post st.
\\r ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
»* school: course practical: class Is now forming
for spring wine; satisfaction guaranteed: evening
classes. -2Va Geary st., or 41U Leaven worth st.
IP IN ERS, ALSO APPRENTICE, ON CDS-
X torn pants: every day.. 'J'J.-i' 3 Foisom st.
\\' ANTED— GIRL FOK LIGHT HOUSEWORK
. »» and to l Ate care of baby. 1121 Steinersu
LIKSI-CLA>S IRuNKR AND STAKCHERS
-I at si. Nicholas Laundry, Seventeenth and Fol-
nom Ms.
\\ A N D-WOMAN TO DO SECOND WORK
*» and wailing lor family of 4; wages $10 per
month. Address, with reference, W. A., box, 160,
Call Office.
Q 1 HAI'SLH, OFF FOLSOM. NEAR BEV-
tJ 1 entli-Girl to mind baby: $5.
ANTED— GIRL FOB LIGHT HOUSE.
*» work: must be neat and willing; white or col-
ored. 2708 Haste St., Berkeley.
\yOMAN OR BOY TO DO SWEEPING; 8
*» hours a day. Call or address 402 Octavia st.
GIRL WANTKD TO DO HOUSEWORK:
sleep home; call Sunday 8 to 10; $8 per
month. 1625 Howard st., downstairs.
HEALTHY WETNUKSE FOR CHILD 6
years old. 346 Seventh at.
— — —— _________^_
"\\rANTED-GIRLOF ABOUT 16 TO ASSIST
»» with sewing. Apply bet. 8 and 10 a. if. to-
morrow, 21 Valencia s-
LADIES. ZZZZZ LAW 9.
XJ 1 here Is alwavs room for improvement, and
It is never too late to learn; wanted, married
ladies, widows, also young ladies to call and see
our 2uth century dressmaking and millinery
school: . we teach the making and trimming of
exquisite millinery; also the cutting fitting,
making and finishing of perfect fitting, styliih and
comlortable dresses; French, German and Italian
teachers: A. li. Lynn, America's greatest teacher
and manager; easy payments: unlimited lesions;
special offer this week: now Is the time to enter.
'I lie McooWKLL DredsiuaKln* and Millinery
School 103 Post st-, opp. Wniie House.
GERMAN GIRL TO TAKE CAKE OF TWO
VT children and assist in light housework. Apply
735 1 uric su
W ANTED— 2 GOOD WAITRESSES; WAGES
$5 wetk. 106 Second st,
BEST A D QUICKEST PLACE ON EARTH
to learn dressmaking and millinery; patterns
25c; rail tint nee our mammoth lnsti.ution.
MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post SU
"yOUNG GERMAN GIRL. GENERAL HOUSE-
X work: 3 in family: $16. 142* Morton su,
Alameda.
TfXPERIENCi-.D HANDS, LADIES' WAISTS
XJ and wrappers: no dressmakers. 409a Turk.
£1 C L ARK I. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
yJX.U Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
TAII.OKKSS ON CUSTOM COATS AND MAKE
X buttonholes; good wages. 140 Kuss st., in rear.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF TH«
Call: want ad* and subscriptions taken.
SF. DRESS-CUTTING BCHO«'L— FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
L'LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTINvi
X Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st.. near Markat:
20U rooms: 25c to $161) per night: $1 60 to
per week: free 'i>us and i.aggag<» to and irom ferry.
HALE HELP WANTED.
I EVERYBODY PLEASE NOTE: 80ME— YES,
XJ nearly all our opponents— are very, very sore
because we h»ve the employ business and
control the labor marKeu Sorry as we are for
them, we tdvise them to die game, for die ther
surely will, Amen. MURRAY A r. vD v , Lead-
ing Kmplojrment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
Open to-day (Sunday) from 9 A If.
O< O MEN WANTED TO-DAY. FROM $15 TO
«>• U 180 per month and found: real careiully:
the following are only a few places we have:
50 farmers, orchard ana vineyard hands. $25,
$•_() and $15 per month and found: 10 milkers, $26
a:id $20: 17 ab ri-rs and teamsters, city and coun-
try. $1 60 to $1 75 per dav and $20 per month and
found: 3 butter and- cheese makers. $30 and $26;
30 woodchODpers, 4-foot red pine wood, $1 10 and
•1 per cord; 10 men to iIU ditches on a large
ranch, etc.: 4 ccore men and boys for ranches and
vineyards. $10 $12 and $15: 10 strong young
men to learn trade. $15 per month and found, In
city: 3 farmers and wiven with and without chil-
dren: 3 i i liners for a vineyard aud do general
vineyard work. $26 and found, santa Clara
County; carpenter for a ranch, $26 and found; 3
stab!em<n, city and country, 125 uod found;
sheep-shearer 20 granite drillers for a quarry,
$1 75 to 92 a day: 4 blacksmiths, shops
and camps, $40 and #45 per month and found;
3 blacksmiths to run shops on shares: 6 rooks,
city and country jobs, $60, $50. .$4O aud $30: 2
second conks. $2u and $30: second cook for an in-
stitution, $25 and fouud; 3 dishwashers, »15 and
*2d: steward lor a gentleman's yacht, $30 and
found: cook for same yacht, $30. see boss here; 3
waiter*. $25 and $30: 2 lromr<. $30: took and
wife, $35. t UHy, steady place: camp cook, $25;
and many other good places. Everybody wanting
work come and see us. MURRAY & RKADY,
Leading Employment gents, 6H4 and 636 Clay
sl ;, telephone 5848. - Office open to-day (Sunday),
9 am.
CHK>SEMAKER, $33 AND FOUND; BUGGY-
wasbem, city stable, 130 aid found: 10 men
for a vii.eyard, $1 2a day, Sana Clara County.
MUkRaY & READY. Leading; " Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. Telephone main
5848. Open to-day (Sunday) from 9:30a. m. j
RESTAURANT BUTCHER. $50; COOK,
country restaurant, $10 a week; second cook,
country hotel. $36; man to make tamales, coun-
try. $25: bellboy, hotel, city. $10: lunch cook
for saloon: washer and starcfaer tor hand laundry ,
country, $.'5; laundryman fur resort, $26. C. H.
11 AN. > EN A CO., 110 Geary st. ■
GARDENER FOB SPRINGS, $25 AND
VJ found; carriage-painter, coumry, $2 50 a day;
2 farmers, $15 and found: stableman, city, $15;
choreman for dairy, $15; Swiss farmer, $15. C.
R. HANBEN *CU, 110 Geary st.
SHAMPOOER FOR ! TURKISH BATH, $4.0.
C R. KAN SEN & CO., 110 Geary st. , _
SECOND COOK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $35;
C3 tall this morning from 7:30 to 8:30. C. B,
H ANSKN & CO., 110 Geary si.
EXI'KRItNCED CLOTHING-CUTTER : ON
XJ men's suits. Standard bhirl Factory. Gougb
i and Grove ota., city. .•><. : ■_-■; : y.vt . rr. :
FFIF WANTED— Cnntinnxf. ■
"II'AXTKD- BLACKSMITH HELPER; MUST'
«» understand something about shot-tne; $20 to
$25 and found to start with: with chance of part-
nership; American preferred. W. D..EWER _
Co.,6::6Clayst. .
\\r ANTED— YOUNG GERMAN* FOK BOAT-
• • house In city: must be a handy man and one
willing to do chores. W. D. EWER & CO., 028
Clay st.
CHi-.EsEMAKEK, REFERENCE^, $30 AND
found: 2 wood-choppers. tools furnisned, near
city, $1 cord, see employer here: 2 farmers for
Marin County; 2 farmers for Sonoma County, $15
to $2U: German itd maker, 15 and found. 4 moid-
ers tor foundry blacksmith helper, $20 to $26 and
fou.id. uUu milkers, farmers, trams. ers. c-oks,
waiters, dishwashers, e.c W. D. Ett'tK & CO.,
626 Clay st.
i BIGHT, ACTIVE YOUNG MAN FROM 16
'■ to 25 to learn th« wholesale business: splen-
did chance for the ri?bt young man. Appy at
once at U. 8. lnduitrial • Agency, room 165,
Crocker building.
"lyA-NTED— 2 OR 3 MECHANICS TO ROOM
»" In private family: board optional: cheaprent;
locatlo i Fourth sL, near Bryant. Address B. S.,
box 40, Call Office.
ANTED— A FIRST-CLASS MACHINIST
•» end benchband. Apply Man Frncisco and
Pacific Glass Works, cor. Seveuth aiid r l ownsend.
WANTED- ERRAND-BOY HIGHLY RECOM-
"» mendel for honesty. 521 Valencia si.
\\r ANTED— BOY ToTAKKCAMII; LAM SON
system Address W. 8., box 142, this office.
VIEXHAN LEATHER STAMPER. ROOM
i>A 47, 221,4 Geary st.
BAKER FOK BREAD. NEW ENGLAND
Bakery, 613 Post s 1 -
P H OTOGKAPHF.R WANTED FOR OUT-
X door work. Call bet. 8 and 10 a. m., BURKE,
405 Sixth st.
OHO I- MAKERS' SECOND- HAND PATCH
0 machine wanted. Address, stating price of ma-
chine, W. W., box 43, Call Office.
WANTED— GOOD WOODWORKER IN A
»» blacksmlth-sbop. 306 Eleventh st.
UTTER WANTED. APPLY BET. 9 AND
V 11 a, m to CHARLES LYONS, London tailor.
721 Market st,
PANTS FINISHERS WANTED; GOOD,
X steady wages 517 Jessie at.
AirAITJiR WANTED. 207 SECOND STREET.
A SSISTANT PHARMACIST; REGISTERED.
-cX Address Drills, box 21, this office.
SEAMEN FOR COASTERS AND HONOLULU
and Alaska. 904 Kearny St., upstairs.
Sill CANVASSERS WANTED. MIT-
CHELL'S, 22 Stockton st.
L ADI Kb' SOLING, 35c: MEN'S SOLING, 60o;
XJ fine shoes made $2 up. 662 Mission st.
ll r ANTED— MAN To BUY SALOON AND
• '» lodging-house; cheap. 19 Commercial st., op-
posite lerry.
DOG-SWIMMING RACES EVERY SUNDAY
XJ at Captain Thomson's, foo ot Taylor st.
rill sT-CLA SS BARBERS FURNISHED BY
X International Union Free Employment Bureau,
34 Fourth «u, the Modern. L L£3S, (secretary.
9000 PAIR. ANOTHER LOT MEN'S sHuKS,
£.\J\J\J been damaged by water, at less than one-
fourth their value, from 76c up to $2 50. 562
Mission at., bet. Fiistaud Second. '
O9Q HAYES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
*J*JU Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
IJARBER-SHOP; RUNNING 3 CHAIRS; Al
XJ location; bargain. Apply Call Cilice.
BARBER^— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
XJ P. u Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS, 325 Grantave.
JOURNEYMEN BAKriKKS' KM PLO 1"
0 •e^retarF .H. UKKNARO. 102 seventh st.
VV r ANTE D— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
" trade; shops, tools, positions furnished; 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 138% Eighth.
"Iy ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
"of some simple thing to patent f Protect your
Ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN _ CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. ! Washington, D. C, for their $1800 pnze
offer and new list of 1000 Inventions wanted.
ELCHOHOU:-.K. 863Vi MARKET ST.— l.uuJ_7
20c, 25c to 500 night: « 1 to $2 wee_
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order. $2 50: cheapest place In city for
repairing and second-hand shoes. 959 Howard st.
rTIIIE ROSEDALE. 321 ELLI«— CHEAPEST
X and best lodging-honse north of Market st.
WANTED— LABORER"* AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver Hoasn. 217 Third st : 154
large rooms; -be per night: $1 to $3 per week.
Simon wants 100 Mr.N to v.KT bot-
. tie beer or wine 6c: Ben: ire» lunch. 643CU?.
"I £{7 NINTH ST. —BRANCH OFFICE OF
II) I 1— Call; subscription - and want ads.
taken.
INGLE ROOMS 100 AND 16c NIGHT. 60c
and 75c week. Lindell House. sixth and Howad.
OCOt- MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICK OF
— 1/_ U 'iUM Call; kuhscrlpiiuua and wau( ada
taken.
DX SOLUTIONS ENGROSSED, DIPLOMAS
XV filled out <fc all kinds of pen work. J. W. GRIF-
FITH, Heald's Buslnrss College, 24 Post at.
L'OK GOOD REPAIRING CALL AT CEN-
X I iral Repairing Shoe Shop, 1534 Market St.. bet.
Lnrkin and City Hall ave., or 749 Mission sU;
large stock new and second-hand shoes on sale;
shoes made to order, any style, $3 up.
\\, ANTED, TOCOLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR-
" ers*clerks KNOX Collection Agcy. HOSntter.
riTKY ACME HOUSE. Vbl MARKET ST.. BIC-
X low felxth. for a room; -6c a night: $1 a went
I>OOMS. 150 TO 75c PER NIGHT; 600 To $1 60
XV t>er week. Oriental. 225 Dnimm sl
ANT ADa AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
Tim Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.
I AM MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 15a
1 Vl' and 20c a night. Including cuffe* aim rota.
124 Washington st,. near Kearav*.
BK!>T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night:" $1, $1 26, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leldesclorff sis.
IW7 NiNTH BRANCH OFFICE OF
XU4 'I rim Call.- subscription and want ads
taken.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS. 160 A DAY: *l
week ; rooms for 2, 25a a day. $1 60 » weejc;
reading-room: daily papers. 86 Clay st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NK.
Market: 200 rooms, 26c a night: reading-
room: free ban and ba-r»re to and from the Jerry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTING GREATEST ■ KNOWN
seller write quick: "Odorless Cooking Cover"
prevents escape of all steam and unpleasant
odors while cooking onions, cabbage, etc. ; fits all
siz-d vessels; the Impossible overcome; works
perfectly; every housekeeper wants it: combined
with It is a grater, funnel, strainer and coffee-
maKer: whole thing retails for 25c: Information
fre , or complete samp e 15c by mall: $3 dally
easily made starting now. FORSHEE CO., (60
Cincinnati. Ohio.
GENTS!- A BOOK WRITTEN BY GEN-
A eral .Mi.es, com-niMider-ln-cnief of the United
States army; full of interesting Indian experiences
i by the great Indian fighter: one agent's commis-
sions over $40 the first 2 days. F. i Ehson,
feub-criptlon Department, Toe WhUaker <& Ray
Company, 723 Market st.
LADIES TO HANDLE THE FAMOUS BEAU-
XJ tifiers, Egyptian Enamel, Medicated Ceraie.
• BUTLEK, 131 Post st.
! WANTED-GENERAL AND LOCAL DEPU-
♦» ties as organizers, who can build lodges for
one of the most progressive fraternal life insur-
ance orders, with many new and attractive fea-
tures: has ample reserve fund plan; immediate
relief henent within twenty-four hours after death;
i cash payments for disability or at expectation of
j death: unusually liberal Inducements and perma-
I nent positions to go»d men. Address the Roynl
I Fraternity. Minneapolis, Minn.
FURNITURE WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY, RE-
moved to 1171 Mission st.. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1393, you get highest cash paid for
merchandise, furniture, art goods, pianos, liorarles
BEBT PRICES FOR FURNITURE, MDSK..
etc STREET A CKESWELL. Auctioneers, 927
Market st. rm. 316. Houses bought iniheireniirtXy.
IF you want «*uoi> pricks fok furni-
tare and merchandise Bee BURD. 211 Larkln.
BOARDING WANTED.
LAUGE ROOM AND BOARD WANTED FOR
Jj lady: Western -Addition:' use basemen fur
trunks; no children: $25 monthly. A. G., care
bakery, 305 Vau Ness ave.
ROOM AND BOARD WANTED FOR LADY
and 2 chlia>en, 3 and 5. Address 8 Essex si.,
Rincon Hill. -' .-. -■■ ■ ■ - .. ..-
BOOMS WANTED.
11T ANTED— BT PHYSICIAN FURNISHED
»• rooms, well lighted, for no office on or near
Market St.; to De occupied from 2 to 4 p. M. each
day only. Address Dr. BLUETT, box 201, Call.
»_> TO 5 UNFURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
• • rooms: reasonable: central. 617% Post st.v.. -
PHYSICIANS.
r7c.C. : O' DON NELL, 1206 MARKET; KK&
2864 2»tbau; diseases ol women a specialty.
EDUCATIONAL ■! V 1"
ANDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OF
Mathematics: pupils prepared in day and
evening classes and by private ■ lessons for Callor-
nia and Stanford universities; teachers,' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes; mathematics, mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. K., 402 Parrot: bldg.
A St HOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
-CX. Elocution. 1215 Octavla st., >au Francisco.
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynbam, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa..
teacher. Office davs. Friday p. u . Saturday a m.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE 24 POST—
J-L Bookkeeping business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy. languages. English brancha*
t.ec-.rical engineering; 'M teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates: day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AYBJttr, 'IHK LEADING COLLEGE. 321
XV Monte omerr St.: Individual lnstructtoa la
tnorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta.;
Hie scholarship $50: low rate* d*t week and mo.
BKLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0. 0.K. block, 7th and Mkt.
LEO COOPER. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera, Pantomime and Acting; study of reper-
toire and vocal music. 81 4 Geary st.
NGINKKRING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC
civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt. X ray
Uucht; i»s.lBH4. A. VAN I)KK N AILLKN.933 Mkt
p OOKKPNG. WRUNG. ARITHMTC GRAMR,
dar night: no daises: $5 montn. 845 Mission.
PANJOTACGHT TO BEGINNERS, 35 CENTS
X> per lesson. Address A., box 76, Call Oflice.
MAN DO LI N, GUITAR— AMATEUR PLAY-
i'I ers to join cluo. PROF. MKBKI, 225 Geary.
piANO, GERM AN, 76c; PUPIL LEIPBICCON-
X servatory and German High School. 110 Hydest
SINGING; - PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Tayloc
UITAK, MANDOLIN, PiANo AND VOUaj.
VJT lt-asoni. $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
Q INSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Cam, taken at branch officer Baa Hayes su;
open until 9:30 o'clock.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTB~^THJi"
A WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
FREE. FREE. FREE.
FOR TWO DAYS ONLY,
April 19 and 20, from 10 a. m. to 3 p. if. Perma-
nently located. Now is the time to consult MRS.
NASH.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all and in-
stantly sives you peace and happiness 1 never
ask a question, but before you utter a word I tell
your name, names Id full of all that you are inter-
ested In, all dates, f icts, etc. I tell you who are
true to you and who are false, what hopes you
may have winning your desires and what obsta-
cles are in your way and how to remove them.
How to make the best of your talents and pros-
per. How to get money. I find lost articles and
locate hidden treasure. Before en ering Into busi-
ness, law, divorce or marriage consult me. Drive
away evil spells, stumbling blocks, bud luck and
habits, and overcome all evil works, rivals and
enemies. I never fall. I have brought about
more happiness than nil other mediums, others
are be helped; why not you? If you are going to
see a medium) why no; see the very best? It costs
no more. Nothing to be paid in advance, and if
not entirely satisfactory nothing at all. Do you
desire anything fairer than that? Residence, 420
Eddy St.. between Leavenworth and Hyde. Office
hours: 9 a. si. to 8 p. m.
LADIES RECEIVED ONLY.
N. B — signs.
HAT IS YOUR VOCATION?
»» HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUR HOPES?
Mrs- DR. F. CLARK will lift the dark veil of
your future life: she gives you valuable ADVICE
and AID In all affairs of life, of private as well as
of business nature as, lor instance, pertaining to
Love, Matrimony, Friendship, Business, Lawsuits,
Contested Wills, Divorce. Damage Suits. Claims,
Journeys. Speculations, Miniog, etc.
sue discovers lost or stolen property, finds buried
treasures, prevents sickness misfortune: recon-
ciles the separated, thus restoring lost happiness.
Every person ii adapted to some particular busi-
ness, profession or 1 which may justly be term-
ed their tru» vocation, and yet more than half of
you are fighting against an unknown fate for fame,
tortune and position which you do not and cannot
obtain until you find your true vocation.
Office hours. 9 to 6 daily and t-unday. Send
stamp for circular and special terms. MRS. Dr..
F. CLARK. 1206 Market st., San Francisco.
"11 1 ME. ARNDT, THE GREAT GKRMANFOR-
-I>l tune 'filer, the best in the world, can te.l you
the past and future- the best card-reader: she can
tell your fortune br Palmistry, the Egg and by
the Planets; will show you a picture of your
future husband or wife, and will tell you your
fortune from the cradle to the grave. Come and
you will be surprised, she cures all diseases by
sympathy: has I. ever failed, the Is the seventh
sister of the seven: she has the seven seal?, she
is the greatest mind-reader, and can tell you re-
tarding speculations, business and mining; gives
lucky numbers: all family troubles satisfactorily
settled. She has appeared before all the crowned
heads of Kurope. from whom she has flattering
testimonials. 957 Harrison st., between Fifth
and sixth: price 25c and upward: office hours 10
A. m. to 8 P. m.
ME. DK THOMAS. KUIKKTIFUJ KKVilai,
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on ail affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names ' given; ' good ad vies: ears
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: fee 91: letter $2. 925) Post st, nr Larktn.
9?:C Is ALL IT COSTS TO CONSULT MME.
— O LE NORMAN D, the celebrated life-reader:
; business and all other matters pertaining to mortal
affairs; life charts $2 SO— outlines your future
career. Cut this out and cull at 1 Polk st.
\4 ME. ARDT, GERMAN FORTUNE-TELLER:
1»X tells past and future; gives picture future hus-
band or wile; fee 25c up. 957 Harrison, nr. Fifth.
MMK. MELBOURNE. GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant; never fails; call and be convinced, 419
Geary St., room 22, second floor; only 25c.
ME. LEOETTE, LIFE READER; BUSl-
ness advice; one price, 25c. 311 Tehama St.,
near Fourth.
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA ST.; CARDS:
ladies 25c, gents 50. 951 Mission, nr. Sixth.
ME. MORKAU. BEST FORTUnE-TELLER,
medium, card-reader; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
RS. MELVILLE, WKLL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth st.; water readings specialty.
GYPSY LIFE READER. 3 SEVENTH ST.;
ladies 25c, cents 50c; all questions answered.
Mlt-S PEARL RAYMOND. FROM THE
East; magnetic treatment. 7 Grant ave., r. 7.
TT'THEL GRAY. CLAIRVOYANT. CARD READ-
JUer and palmist. 1169 Mission , bet. 7th and Bth
ME. SYBILLK TKLL^ FROM. CRADLK TO
grave; pictures given:ladles 25c: PI 4 CFarralL
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. FRANCIS' AND HEUSSMANN'S INDE-
pendent slat*- wrting test circle, Thursday
afternoon, 2p. m.; 25 cents. 403 Hayes st.
\t ME. OSMAN. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM. GIVES
lu. messages and advice on all matters pertain-
ing to mortal affairs- 838 Mission st.
EMOVAL — FRED EVANS, THE BLATK-
writing medium, Is now located at 1122 Market.
MR". C. J. MEYER, 326 MCALLISTER. TO-
day tests to all: clr. 2 and BP. m.; 10c. ; sittings.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for messages and advice. 218 Stockton st.
AM. FRANCIS, I.\i»KPKNDKNT SLATE
. writer. 118 Haicrbt st-: hours 9 until 6p. it.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM TAUGHT, $5. DISEASHS
and habits cured. CaL Institute, 1346 Market st
YPNOTISM CURES WHEN . ALL ELSE
fails: also taught. Hypnotic Inst., 6 O'Farrell.
PHRENOLOGY.
PROF. BEHRENS READS CHARACTER BY
the head of men and women as an open book*
adaptability in business and marriage. 131 Mont-
gomery su
CARPET CLEANING.
CARPET-* LEANING, 3c: YINgTs^TrUQ
\J samples free: teL Bessie 944. Stratton. 38th st.
(CARPETS CLEAN RENOVATED LIKE
KJ new. J. McQUKKN.4S3 Stevenson. Tel. stiWs!
pilV STKAM CAKPET CLEANING WORK*.
\J deans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN*
tegr. 38 and 40 Kightfa st. ; telephone South 260.
\y HKN YOU BKCOME DISGUSTED WITH
" poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer C»r-
pet-beatm? Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; teL Sa 4*
ADVANCE -CARPKT-CUSANU.-U CO., 402
■"- Sutter; teL Main 394. GKO. W ALCOM, prop.
pARPETS CLEANED* RENOVATED LIKB
ynew. 23 Tenth; teL South 36. Mackintosh & Co.
J "Watts, reliable rarpet-cleanlug renovtg. altsr-
. atlon works. 413 McAllister. TeL Jessie 321.
J ;« ] Im;HKLIL ' CARPET-CLEANING CO..
. <!40 14th su ; cleaning So a yard. TeL Mia. 74.
COj^KLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORKS.
*66 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 128.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUs.
WANTED — SECOND - HAND SHELVING
»» . with sliding glass doors. 156 Fifth Si.
BANDSAW AND SHAPING-MACHINE. AD-
dress Porter, 713 Bryant St. V
"OUILDINOS.BOUUHT; LUMBKR.' BASUK3.
JJ doors, mantels, etc., for sale. HOB Mission av
ijku Your* books, clothing AND jkw-
O till 10 a. J&JuBXN, 109 Slxtb ft.; Mod poauL
BUSINESS CHANCES. "t-^ ■
17C RESTAURANT AND COFFEE Sa-
tJpZltJ.lun i.<:<ripis $10 to $15 per day.
pi PK'- ". l«» •' Murk" »t
i- lU n|||i' • .00 v .;»va1\TjH> ■!.... ...v
<3) 1 1'.Uvu enter rlu- producing and raanuf>-<
turing a staple ir. ceo. dail consumption having
a steady sale all ov the Pacific Coa^t; Invesl
ment will yield handsome profit and at least 6 p#r •
a .1, p yablt* monthly, win be cu ranteed i: ih-
veitor • :'"t g'V> active s -rvic-s at -ulr compeh.
sation At some o e| f| piin.iiJiil cities *ot the tou-,L
Advlresi «■• M.. box 148, 111 is office.
TTNUSUAL BU<INKSS OPPORTUNITY AS
U partner wih some capital in successful hard
ire and plumbing bus ness in prosperous subur-
bin town near San Francisco: fullest Investigation
afforded. Appl/ 10 McaFEE BROTHERS, 108
Montgomery at. • •
XPKKIEXCKD GROCKRYMAN WITH
about 1500, to invest in an #>s:itnllsheil grocery
store: good . lance for reliable, sober man. B A.,
box 43. Call Office. - , '- :
ri I<OCERY AND BAR FOR SALE; TWO
VI b c s from Mark-t st. Inquire CARTAN
MCCARTHY & CO., 312 Bacramento st. .
<3!AFi(\ DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, USIKR.
tJPT'tjU. wear: good business; splendid fixtures,
canes; cheap at*7oo; must be so.d. Apply Call
Office. -
T?OR SALK— COitNER G ROC IS it Y AND BAB
X 1 in Mission: well stocked and good trade; etieap
rent. Apply 224 Front st. •
noRSEK GROCERY AND BAR FOR KALE
\J at a bargain; tine location; low rent- Addiess
M. B , box 39, Call. i:i : ' • ";
IGAB STORE AT * BARGAIN. INQUIRE
327 Front st., room 1.
CANDY AND ICKCREAM STAND; "KSTAB-
llshed; will sell cheap or exchange. 403 Jones.
IN I ERIOR AGENCY OF A SAN FRANCISCO
X morning paper. 560 Howard su, city.
(JU I i\r\ FRUITBTORK FOR SALE ; GOOD
O J UU. locality. 2103 Mission st.
'Ann TO $8000 WILL BUY AN INTER-
<3pOUuU est In a profitable, legitimat** business
In this city.: a big bargain that se dom offers to a
competent person who can take charge; part cash,
can remain if so desired: none but orincipal< need
answer; references exchanged. Address F., box
60, this office. .
T7"INDERGARTEN AND GRADED SCHOOL
XV for ttnle; good location; school .well estab-
lished; sickness of principal cause of selling. Ad-
dress K. G., box 140. Call Office. :-Ti.. - /
*C/innn GROCERY and BAR DOING /
«IJ> i ±UUU. cash trade $100 dally: full value la '
stock and fixtures: rent low: best reasons for sell-
ing. Apply this office.
©♦JC(\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR IN
O OJI/, Hayes Vallev; good business for right
party; owner in poor health. Apply 437 Uiove
St., cor. Octavia,
WIT Qfl PROVISION AND DELICACY
tlplOU. store: cor. Twenty-fifth and Bho well
sts.: 4 living-rooms and bath; rent $14. Inquire
on premises.
SALOON— OLD ESTABLISHED, GOOD LO-
catlon, 8 looms, kitchen, Including furniture;
rooms bring rent: cheap. Cor. Battery and Pacific.
r()R SALE— HOME BAKERY DOING GOOD
-T business; suitable for man and wife; will bear
inspection. Address Call Office.
BUTCHER-SHOP TO LET; FIXTURES;
Western Addition. 1208 Scott sL, near Eddy;
key upstairs.
J--OR SALE CHEAP— NEW RESTAURANT
I in leading street. 133 Powell st.
ARGUS; RE-tTAURANT; MUST BE SOLD.
Apply 145 Fifth st. a •'.<-;• ,
pOOD-PAYING SALOON FOR SALE. 212
VJ lownsend St.
QEALED BIDS REQUESTED FOR FIXTURES
0 and stock of merchandise, <'on»istluK of dry
goods, notions, etc., of NATHAN SISTERS, Mo-
desto; inventory of stock may be seen at office of
SCHWEITZER & CO.. 29 Battery St.; bids to be
opened April -2, at 12 o'clock noon; right re-
served to reject any or all bids: alt bids must be
accompanied with certified checK of 10 per cent of
amount bid.
ffiJQflfi CIGAR AND STATIONERY STORE,
rjp tJ\J\J. clearing over $100 per month above ail
expenses; value In sight; trial given: cheap rent,
including living rooms: this is a bargain; Investi-
gation solicited. Address (J. &., box 141, Ca1l Office.
N OPPORTUNITY FOR A LIVE MAN TO
take hold of a fine business; neatly fitted
grocery; cash trade; location all could be desired s
fixtures; stock: take all or part at cos.. Address
M. EHRMAN & CO., 104-110 Front su, city.
LMNE CHANCE— ELEGANTLY KITTED OUT
x saloon; good location; cheap rent. Inquire at
SCULLY & SON, 42Q Sacramento st.
/"IAPITAL WANTED ON SHARES TO OPEN ,
\J an immense gold-bearing ledge. Address)
Prospector, box 3, Call Office. j
f\ OOD-PAYING BUTTER AND EGG STORE:
VX suitable for man and wife: reason for nel Hag,
have two places. Apply creamery, 118 Ninth su
(Bif'^A FOR SALE; OLD-ESTABLISHED
tSllluU. coffee-saloon and restaurant in one ot
the leading streets. Apply this office. ■
ANDY. ICECREAM AND FACTORY ; FIRST-
\J class location: reasonable. .Apply Call Office.
VOIXG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner: small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
GOOD-PAYING RESTAURANT FOR SALE;
VT owner has other business. Apply 210 Drumm.
GOOD PAYING FRUITSTOP.E FOR SALE
Cheap. Apply. Call Office.
FOR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
this paper. For particulars Inquire Call Ofiice.
pHCENIX RESTAURANT, 2130 FILMORE
X st.; price $150; cause disagreement of partners.
"VTOUNG LADY, RECENTLY, FROM THE
X East, desires gentleman partner. 860 Market
st., room o.
TJESTAURANT AND COFFEE HOUSE FOR
XV sale; good steady trade; owner going to th«
old country. VO2 Townsend nt., opposite depot,
"L-<OR BALE-A WKLL-PAYING SAUSAGE
X I factory and delicacies store on Market st.; on
account of sickness. Inquire Call Office.
pOUNTRY HOTEL FOR SALE OR RENT; 18
\J bedrooms: bar; range, etc.; good opening. Ap-
ply RUDOLF GHAE*. Gilroy, CaL
OR SALiC VERY CHEAP— BEST CASH
fruit business in Oakland; this is a snap for
someone. J. McVAY, 152 Fifth st., Oakland. J
PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN-
X quire this office or at 133 Third st., Portland
Oregon. '
HANDY, ICECREAM, STATIONERY AND
,\J notion store for sale; Fourth tu, near broad-
gauge depot. Ad.tress A. PILTZ, t^an Rafael, CaL
FINE EXPRESS TEAM AND WAGONt
must be sold at once. 211 Lark in st.
ALF INTEREST IN HORSESHOEING.
shop; cheap, account sickness. 329 Eddy st.
ITV KOUXc. iun SALju. APPLY ma
OffiCP. . '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. V
99 ROOMS, SUNNY CORNER, CLEARING/'
£i£t $100 .....:.: $1,500
10-roou« house, fine location..... 225
14 rooms o>i Van Ness ave., only 450
j 24 rooms, fine for transient.... 700
j 76 rooms, best in theclty. '3,500
11 rooms, only : - ygo
' 14 rooms on Sutter  „• 350
7-room house, only "" " 260
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth.
"OTINsTON & THOMAS, 648 MARKET ST.
M. 23 rooms: new furniture; $1060. - '■
h7 rooms: corner; rent *75; a bargain.
50 houses from $.00 to $5000.
Money to loau on fnrnlture; low rates.
flfcfinO LODGING-HOUSE OF 23 WKLL-
tIpUVJU. furnished, rooms; cheap rent: excel-
lent location; you want a bargain see this house.
M. LESS. 5 Fourth st.
£. A, ROOMS: N. OF MARKET; CLKARSOVKR
*J\J $/00 monthly. SPtcK<fcCO., 602 Market.
1 HOUSE: INCOME OVER EXPEND
1 'x es $80; must sell; part cash. Addre&i R. H_
box 161, Call "
') I -ROOM LODGING-HOUSE ON MARKKT
Ol st.: well filled: must sell. Room 68 1170
Market st.
<& 1 Oft 6-room lodging-house- NEW
«Jpi-Ov. furniture; $18 rent. 367 isle st.
1 1 TAYLOR-KOR SALE CHEAP-9 NEW-
X I \J \y f uruUned rooms.
l[lQn 6-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; NEW
t&JiOKJ. furniture; $18 rent- 167 Jessie st.
BARGAIN— BUSH ST.. NEARORANT AVE.—
House of 22 rooms, bar, etc.: rent very low-
all large suuny rooms: furniture can be bad if <2»i
sired. dHAI.xWALD, BUCKBKE & CO.. 218-
-220 Montgomery st.
GOOD- - PAYING LODGING- 100
rooms; center of town; trial given: goes Vrry
cheap: no agents. Call between 8 and 10 a. ml
BARBE, 405 Sixth street, near Harrison.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"L" URN ITU RE 4-ROOM FLAT, $75; RENT
**}*'> *? rooms rented $5 . each until May l >
1914Va Centra! ave. , /
9XC OAK ST.; FURNITURE, 5 ROOMS
&O cheap for cash If sod to-day; rent $22^'
PURMTURE, STOVES CARPKTS. COUnT
X tera, showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market.
Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 advanced
XI JOHN F. MEYERS CO., 947 Market K.^;__ __" TY REAr ' ESTATE.
Q. H. C.MIISKN *CO^ ~*~~w~«~~
• REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Pent Collectors and Auctioneers,
il4 Montgom-ry, iir. Market.
BARGAIN'S— JUST RECEIVED-
« VALUABLE BUSINESS COI.NKU.
jt({() 000 U ITHIN ALMOST A STONE'S
•©UU.UUU. throw of the new City Hall. Me-
chanics' Pavilion. -tic,; routine on two very
Prominent streets- improvements of vert.* little
Valu-;lo 14U:6xi02: aaplendld corner for hotel
«na stores, and is offered very cheap, as tiie owner
is a non-raaident.
A VJ£RY (JOZY HOME. ■» *•
3J47"-*O A BEAUTIFUL MODKRN COT-
♦li- 1 J- • "J Vi . tage of 6 rooms and bah: brick
foundation, etc.; lot 25xlt)H:3: in a very fashion-
able neighborhood in the Western Addition; street
accepted by the city: very easy terms can be ar-
ranged: this is a bargain.
A.Ni T M 1-. R FIN.. i> l E»8 CORNER.
ftt\ % ) Z\f\(\ FACING O\ 3 BTREETSj N.
»ii!tJ — .iJUU. of « .1 only a few bloc-- from
Market st.; about » I of '•'' vacant: 1b7:6x1'20
feet; substantial Impiovements; renting for $364-'
per annum.
A GOOO INVESTMENT.
MtJ.flA/1 CORNER ON GRKEN ST.; 'i NEW
%u vvJ. flats of 6 and i ro-inis and bath each;
bay-windows; concrete found. tlon; rent $35 per
month; and lot.
A GOOD BUSINESS PROFKRTY.
' "vAn STORE ami FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
O«-<uv/U. Hnii b li- rent $35 per month; 24:4
-125; on ii goo t■* reel ; this Is a man.
AN K LEO ivT CORNER KK-ini' .NCK LOT.
€: 11 An CORNER I/O', 37:i!x106:3, ON
'3"iluU, boid'n ava.
GEARY STJtKr.I.
®.'-l£l>)~ COTTAGE OF LITTLE VALUE:
<I)Oo_.iJ. loi 24:11x1*20, to rear street; worth
more than price itsked: two frontages.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
slivnoo fbl^bt. and hickory ave.;
. <iJ(..UIu. hou-e and 2 flat*: rents $666 per
annum: lot -.7:6x120: two trontages.
A CHKA I 1 CoT i AGE.
'QMUiO MU3l'Bl* SOLD: COZY CORNER
y>l «'MU. I- ny-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath: brick fo.i ndsitio.i, etc.: an: lot near Va-
lei-cla st. : positively no reasonable ofler refused.
l'oilh:cLO>UKK \ I.K.
Q7OOO ■ No 1-EA-SONABLE OEFER RE- i
<p 11/l'l/. fused: ail e and substantial 3-s ory
bay-window residence of 10 rooms and bath;
brick foundation, etc.; could be conver ed into A
fiiit-t at little expense: a splendid neighborhood
north of Market st ; ca 1 aud see this.
CORNKR ON EDDY ST.
•5J90 000 STORK AND flats AND 2-
Kp£.\J.\J\J\J . story house; lent $182 6U c r
month: lot 87:6x87:6: both streets accep
OWNER UOi > U I- AST.
<t9C;On MISSION FLATS; SUBSTANTIAL
•*-j\J\J, house of 2 flats of 4 rooms each and
stable: rent $288 per annum: lot 25x80: street
accepted.
MUST ME SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
V'.K|||| STEIN ER ST.; 2 FLATS OF 6
*ji>*JU\t\J. all 6 rooms and bath: lot 27:0x110;
rent $"0 per month.
CHEAP LOT ON FOLSOM ST.
Qi~\ 000 37:6xb0 FEtT; READY TO
'wXUUU. build on: on -ine of electric i uri.
I'ARK 11 ILL.
"^1 JOO E ACH; 2 LOTS EACH; 25x141:11:
V i n \J\J 2 frontages: flne view*.
roTRF.no flats.
.Q'JO^H RENT $32 PER MONTH; 2 GOOD
«_ t'OUU. bay-window flats of 6 and 6 rooms
and bah each; brick foundation, etr.; -5-xlOO;
ehort distance from sugar refinery and otner man-
ufactories; good locality.
ANOTHER GOOD BUY.
QUOOO 2 * STOJ4Y HOUSE AND 2 FLATS;
•~ ''V/V/v'. bav-wlDduws; brick foundation: rent
«69 per month; lot 25:9x120; 2 frontages.
Call and obtain one of our 'Real Estate Records."
vi lJloh contains a list of properties for salt) In all
parts of the City.
G. H. UMB«sEN <t CO., 14 Montgomery st.
■VEW MISSION HOMES. ~~
NOW BUILDING.
LOW PRICES. EASY TERMS.
CO^OO FOUR NEW TWO— TORY BAY-
KT^OX'vr. window houses of 7 rooms, bath and
basement; every <onvenlence: can alter pahs to
suit purchaser if applied for at once: lot 26x114:
email cash payment, balance montnlv, same as
« n '- ■ hAbIU.V, KLDjt. IDUI-. & CO.
688 Market su
AfODKHN FLATS. ~~ —
NEAR FOSHTH AND BRASS AN.
©qr;OO A PAIR OF MODERN FLATS OF
»r")UV'U. 4 and 5 rooms, bath and basement;
only one year o.d.
EASTON, ELDKID & CO.,
638 Market st.
CHEAP COTTAGE.
SEE IT TO-DAY.
$700 9 PUTNAM ST., NEAR BAN BRUNO
"u5 • \J\J , road and Cortlaad ave. ; cottage and
lot, 26x70; owner on premises
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
_^ 638 Market st,
JpRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
GRAND VIEW.
CLAY ST., NEAR WALNUT.
S7 M ' DERN " HOUSE OF 9 SPACIOUS
tj 1 I kJ\j\j. rooms, bath and basement: almost
Dew; cost over $10,000; street accepted; cement
sidewalk, etc; lot 32:6x127 :BVi: eaay terms
EASTON, i^LDRIIKJE 4 CO.,
638 Market st.
A SHBURY HEIGHTS FLATS.
PAYS 10 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
Cfil r A A PAIR OF MODERN FLATS OF
«_>»J-l kJ\J. 5 and 6 rooms and bath: sunny side
of street: fine view of Golden Gate Park and sur-
roundings; lot '25x116:6.
E ACTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
■J^LEQAXT RESIDENCE.
OVERLOOKING PARK PANHANDLE.
Q7 ; »00 FINE MODERN RESIDENCE OF
•tuT • tJ\J\J. 14 large rooms, bath and basement-
. handsomely decorated aud papered: only *yeais
old ; reduced from 58500 for quick sale.
EAbTON, KLDRfDGE <fe CO..
638 Market at.
l° Ta - LOT . LOTS.
FOR BUILDING OR SPECULATION.
. $300— T st, cor. 46th ave.; 57:8iiuo!
*300-25th ave. and Point Lobos: 25x120.
$41)0— 17tn ave., o. of Point Lobos; 26x120
*-03— Cor. J st. and 27th ave.: -6xloo •
•J-900-Cor. Noe and Day: 2»x80.
$1200-Corneron 30th 81.; 85:6x125.
,*} '50-uolden Gate ave., near Baker st. ; 25x
13 1 .6.
" f, 17 *'"- 19. h st., near Church: 50x114.
$18'- 0— Douglass, near 23d: 60x100.
$1850— "2fjth and Alabama: 25x114
• *2000— Claylon, near Page; 25x106:3
$2100— Cla/ton, near Fell; v. ix 106 -3.
$25U0-Cor. Army and Noe; 80x114.
$3*2oo— Sanchez, n.-ar 23d; 66x117:6 to rear
st reet
$5500— Pierce, near Vallejo; 56x112-6
EASrON, ELDRIDGK 4. CO.,
_^__ 638 Market st.
ijKJ MONEY IN ItEAL ESTATK.
J> BIG MONEY IN REAL EBTATE.
IN BUYING
Good Judgment most be used.
Don't waste, your money foolishly.
Let us snow you safe and paying Investments.
$200
Will star: yon to be a landlord.
• $300-Lot 25x1*20 feet; off Suuer-st. car line-
■ e**.- terms given.
' $1000— A corner; cozy cottage; sunny; Mission. !
$2000—4 flats; near s. : must sell.
- $2400— 7-room house on Powell, r.r. Wathington !
$.H6SU-3 flats on Haye.s-: great birßaln.
■ $35J0— 4 new flats nr 4 h st. : rents $65.
$3500— 10-room house on Minna; rents 845
$8700— 3 cottages; stable; lot 50x1 14 feet: very I
cheap.
; $5-.O— ■> elegant brand new flats; rent *50
$*)-00— 3 elegant flats; bargain-bum «rs, see ui
»6000— 3 tia son Powell st.. near Pine
$70 J0— 6 . ew flats, W. A.; rents «78
*12.000-Buslnesi corner; fine improvements:
rents $102: 75 It. from; etieap at PlB 000
$36,0JO— Business property; bock from Bald-
. win; 60 fu front.
. Other bargains at SPECK <fc CO.'S, 602 Market.
-_-——— . -
OUPPOSK
O Yourlandlord-that same landlord to whom !
you are monthly payih? from *15 to $30 for the •
hous- you live In— wer« to s»y to you, "Give me i
$100 cash and $15 |er month for eljht years'
- and at the end of that time 1 will give |
you a d»ed to lha properly." wouldn't
you regard him as something of a philanthropist?
Well, we are doing precisely that —making you
exactly that very same proportion.
IT IS GOOD PROPERTY,
In a tood local on and only a few minutes' ride
-.rom the center of the city. There are 7 new I
house* now bein« built: 7 new, modern and con-
veniently arran?e.l houses that mav be yours for '
the rent money that goes out of vour reach for-ver '
J he^e houses are in the Unman Tract. rei-.clied I
by .\.isB:oi.->w car* transferred to 22d su and rid- '
trif to Hoffman ave. Ask for James A. Cotter he '
will show you f round. '
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomer/ st.
<&7aOO COB.VKB4O-VAKA ON LAGUNA
••7 I •)\jyj street.
$1650— Belvedere st, near Frederick: one-tenth
cash, balance $20 per month; sir- '26x95.
$I4JO— at-, near Noe; Vi»ca«h; s ze 26x115
$800— The cheapes; corner ou element at.- size
3-2:6x100. ' '
$750— 9th ave., near I st : the only lot in the
block at this low i r.ce; size 26x12J.
ENGLISH & MORRIsSEY, 62s Market st.
tfU »>r:/v REDUCED FROM $400; 4 LOTS IN
<Ir»)Ol". University Homestead 25x120 feet
each; will make good chicken ranch.
_O1 AH HOUSE OF 2 FLATS, 6 ROOMS
I.UU. and bath in each flat: rents $30 a
| month; east side of Palmer St., near 29th; a dead
give away: (300 cash; balance can be paid off
with lie rent.
Money to loan on real estate. J. BI'.OW.N-
-.STON ii, 11 Montgomery st.
MAKK AN OFFER; FOR SALE; FINE BUSI-
-IVL nets property: house of 10 rooms and bar.
new: 1 acre of tine land, If wanted In the de-
limits; 2 lines of cars 111 soon come to this place*:
terms easy; also a house and lot on 10th st. . An-
i)ly 434 lOta au {
CITY HEAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE., KKAL ESTATK
Agents; established 1858: 6*26 Market si.
QEAWALL; fO-VARA LOT: BEST WARE-
O house site In city : cor. Lombard and Battery;
only $55,000.
BARGAIN— MUSTSELL TO CLOSE ESTATE;
sth, near Folsom; 100x75; covered with
houses: only #1 60 per toot asked for this property; j
not eveii the value of vacant land. - •
KFARNY-ST. CORNER, NFAR MARKET;
old improvements; renting for $400 per
month; price $85,000.
■MONTGOMERY ST.. NEAR CALIFORNIA-
i'> stores and offices paying over 9 per cent'
on $100,000; lot 95:6x68:9. P
BUSINESS PROPERTY: N LINE HAYES
st.. near franklin; lo: '25x120 to rear street
st re, flat and rear house; offered cheap.
*^1 9 000 xor th side pacific ave.,
VP- 1 vVJU. near Van Ness ave.: 3 houses '
and large lot; 47:6x100.
rpOCLOSK AN ESTATE— CORNKR 16TH
-»- and Hardy sts. : new improvements; grocery-
store and flats; renting lo* at *4S: lot 30-tBS:
price $7500.
TAYLURST..NR. MAUKET-LARGE BUILD-
-l Ing on lot 25x106:3 $17,000. ■
ORPi !00 C-EMENTST.* NEAR OTH AVK.;
*ITU iv/u. 2 flats; 10 room : in perfect older;
25x1t0.
QfjOOO PAGE, NKARr.RODERIf'K: JIESI-
y'UUV'I'. dtjico of 7 rooms aud bath : lot '25x
hi :6.
0-STORY BRICK BUILDING IN SOUTH
O lark: rent $42 60: price $1300.
sfi (U\M\ MINNA ST., NEAR IST; TWO
OUUUU. houses; rents $50: lot 40x 0.
CHARMING COTTAGE— NORTH SIDK OF
\J Clement St., nr. Mxthave.; one car line passes
Htid one line htif li!i.c«; must be sold; price only
$3000; lot '2sxloo " > _ .-~
C.r*rnn NEW FLATS; FREDERICK ST.,
•35U«J\JU. near Aslitmry; 5 and 6 and bath
each; lot 25x11*2:6.
0 FLATS AND LOT: 9TH AVE., NR. CALI-
— fornla st.: reined and paying large income;
lo: 25x120: price $3000.
Lj-nnn -a twki.l st.. NR. 18TH; 2
<J)OUl/«'. flats; lot 122:6.
A FLATS: DE LONG AVE., OVERLOOKING
1 Golden Gate Park; rents $46; price only $4000.
C?7r/~iA mission S'..NP.. 18TH— store
tjp ( O\J\J. and flats; r nt $60; lot, 23:6x100.
QJOOO KUREKA ST.. NR. 19TH: COT-
tJriV/Ul/. tage 5 rooms and ba.h; lot 74x124.
<S?9QOO AR MY, NEAR DOLORES; COT-
«if— \J\J\J. tage, 5 rooms aud bath; lot 25x114.
Q9QOO 27TU ST., NR. DOLORES: 4
i? — <-j\J\J. rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
Q9OOO HOUSE AND LARGE STABLE:
0 — yjyjyJ. 25th st., near Douglas: lot 50x114.
QI|;AA EAST AVE., IN HOLLY PARK.
AUUU. opposite Bemilngton; 6 rooms and
bath; lot 25x:08.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner California and Locust; 37:6x107:7
$4*2so— Grove St.. near Flllmore: 37:6x100.
$3600-Pine uu, cor. Lyon; 31:3x80.
Near corner Leavenworlh and icramento, 37:6
x7»:ll: elecant location for flats; $2.00
$3000— tor Lombard and Octavla: 46:6x100.
$2400 each— lots. 30x120 Burt'ett St.; or. 23d
f'.-050-Ridley, near Scott; 25x117:6.
$1800— Sanchez su, nr. 16th; 25x100.
$1100— 2d aw., nr. Point Lobos- '2ftxl2J.
$110 — 20:h st., near Sanchez: !25x8i».
$1000— A st., near 14th ave.; 85x144.
$IBOO— 2d ave.. near Callfurnla st.- 23x120.
$.000— Hancock, near Sanchez: 25x114.
$900— California su, Dearl^th ave.: 25x100.
•700— l'oyce st., nr. Point Lobos: 25x1*20.
$'250— Twenty-eighth ave., near C sl.: '26x120.
Madison <jc BURKE, 626 Market su
A. H. Lissak. o. F. Von* khkin
OF. VON RHEIN & CO.. REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 013
California street.
To loan -$20,000 01 first-class city property a
6 per cent.
$15,000— .Hayes, nearFlllmoro; 35x137:6; 3 fine
flats, each 8 rooms and batb; rents jIUS.
$10,000— Corner Lacuna and Fulton: 50x110: 2-
story house: butcher-shoo and flats: rent- $65 50.
$9Ouo-Haight, near fcteiner: 25x112:6; 2 tlats
13 rooms and baths: rents $57 50.
*t*2OJ — Howard st., near 14 h; 25x85; 3 flats-
rents $60.
$72UO— Hayes, near Stelner; 25x32:6; 2 new
flats; rents $52 50.
$7too— Oak, near Webster; 25x87:6; 2 flats; 11
rooms and '2 baths; rents $50.
$6600— O'Fanell and lieldeman. near Scott: 2
house-), 4 flats, 18 rooms and baths: rent $54,
$6500— Green st., nr. Monteoni r. ave ; 22:11*
68:9: 3 bav-window flats: 17 rooms and baths*
rents $57 50. . -~n_-. . . ■
(5600— Green, near Powell; 37:6x90; 2 3-story
hous»s: 15 rooms and bath: rent $46.
$4000— Washington, near Powell; 20x57:6; 3-
story residence; 10 rooms and 2 ba:hs: 2 fla:s:
rent $40.
$4500— Union st, near Hyde: 21x65; 2 flats, i
11 rooms and bath: rent $35
$4500— Julian ave., bet. 14th and 15th; 39:10x !
94: 4fla;s: rents $42.
$4000— Kearny. near Green: 20x80 to Sonora: 4 i
flats, 15 rooms, with stable: rents $3S.
$3701.'— 1 eidemati, near U' Farreil and Scott; 3Jx
60; '2 flats
3600— avert worth St., nearValleJo; 20x68:6;
3 flats; 11 rooms and baths; rents $33.
$3300— Union sU.near Mason: 2 Hats: rents $40.
¥'2550— Jersey, near Diamond; 25x114: 2-story
h' use: 2 flats: 9 rooms and bath: rents $25.
$2500— Valley St., near Church; 27x114:6; 2
flats; rents $16 50.
$2350— Kilzabeth St.. near Douglass: 25x114:
cottage 5 rooms and bath : rent »14.
$2100— 25th st., near Church: 25x114; cottage 5
rooms and bath.
$2000— Bay. near Kearny; 22:11x68:9: 2 flats,
9 rooms r -n's $19.
$1200— Kate st., near Bryant and 7th ; 20x50;
rent $9.
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near tf&th-su railroad station- 61x
117:6 to an alley.
Corner N and Bth ave., South S. F. ; IOOxIOJ.
Jonea and Union; 5 lots, 2-*x6 2:6 each.
Fair Oaks and 25th: 3Gxloo.
30x70; Jessie St., between i3:h and 14th.
25x65; Stevenson, near 14th: 4 lots.
$2200— Jones, near <«reenwlch: *24xhO.
$2*26o— Union, near Steiner; 28:4x10J.
>1200— Cor. B and 25tn ave.: 60x188.
$1000— California ave. and Kugenla: 23:4x70.
$2*2:— Eugenia and Anderson; 25x70.
1 OHN PFORR, 329 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
•J aa'e Deposit, offers for sale:
$8100— Sutler st., near lark-in: 2-story house;
store »nd d wellln 1 /; lo; 5!2:6x70 feet.
)f6'2".0 — Rent $45; fin« corner property on Facra-
metito st.: new building, lucluding complete flx-
tur< s lor corner store.
Fine corn on two principal streets, nearly a
50-vara, with old Improvements: in \ie.<it*in Ad-
dition; 137:6 feet front on t-ddy an 1 Sou stg.
$65U0— A snug business corner on Clay St.:
re 1. 1 $60. '
$16,500— Rent $130: McAllister st. business
portion; 3- story house; 2 atom and flats of 7 rooms
and bath; 35x110.
$12.000— Must be sold: 2-story double-flat house:
9th St., 1 block from Market.
$32,000— Kddy st , near Mason; store and lodg-
ing 26x137:6: rent $160.
$37,000— Business property: stores and flats:
paying $300 per month.
DWELLINGS.
$1500 — A sp'endid piece of income prapert™
yielding 1 1/ 4 -« cent Interest on the price: 1 bock
I from Market st.
JSOOO— Merits $32: Sheridan street, nearlOtb:
2 houses; 6 rooms: lot 25x100. .
I $5000— racing Panhandle Park, near Lyon St.;
i a real nice house, 6 rooms and bath; lot 2.%x110
i $6JOO-i:i!ct, ; .nan St., n•: r Bush; ex re lent 2- I
I s:ory home. 9 ro< ms and bath; lot 21x137 :6.
$6500— llent $30; only $3000 cash, balance on I
mortgage: '2 line be fl^ts on Geary st. and 2
\ double, flats In ihe rear, on (Jar leu st.; 28x125
Reduced to $' o)o— Ridley su, 1 block N. of Mar-
ket: coua:;f t> rooms and ha li lot 25x100.
$16,500— Pout st., near DevisailerO; 7 houses;
large lot; rent $128; mi.ke oft r.
ifHSOO— 4 line flats, vu bocks N. of Market st.;
on Flllmore St., and lot 48x81:6; rent $70.
$6000— An Eastiake nice 2-story house on Treat
ave., opposite Garfleld square: large lot. 49x112:6
to street in rear; only $150) cash, balance on
mortgage.
$10,000-sixth St.: substantial 3-story house;
12 rooms; bath; brick loundatlon; lot2sxlUo.
UNIMPROVED.
$?003— I,ar,'e cor. 24th and Noe sis
$1 »()!)— 24th su, near Noe; 25x114.
$1500— 241h st., near Dolores; 2r>xll4.
$550— Noesu, n-«r Thirtieth: 30xll'J.
$1500— corner 23d ave. and A St.; 63:4x100.
$3100— Fine corner lot on Fillmore st.
*800— Noe near Thirtieth; lot 36:6x75.
ING & McN'ALLY. " ■ ■>. •
Real Ksiate Agents, Insurance and Loans
Negotiated.
MONET TO LOAN AT 6% PER CKNT.
BIU SNAP: WORTH $4500: FOR SALE FOR
$2850: cash only; lot 60x95; . 2-story house,
8 rooms and bath; Asabury-sU cars pass the doer.
pHEAPEST BUILDING LOT ON SUNNY
\J side of Page su; '25x137:6; near park; In-
vestigate this.
\ T O FAIR OFFER REFUSED: MUST SELL
>■.' at once, business corner store and flat on 20th
St.; 'i5x104; big bargain. ■
GUILDERS; $825; CHEAPEST AND B-ST
•' 1 cated lot lor the money In the Mus'Oii:
Elizabeth st.: '26:bx114.
J> 1 enfk CASH; BALANCE ON* TIME; 2-
V » •)'»V/ story house on Diamond St., 736; see
this If yon want a bargain.
KING & McNALLY, 630 Market st.
OjQO-A TKRMS TO SUIT; JUST COM-
tJpOOOU. pi. ted: 7-room houses; strictly mod-
ern; marble steps: K. side r-hrader at., near Beu-
lab: one blcck from the i ark.
VJEW COTTAGE HOME IX FRUITVALK
i-" Terminal Tract; easy payments. !>. PRATT
J-rul-.vale st.itlon. or.THK .\. cCARTHV COM-
PANY, 646 Market st., San Francises.
Sk'^OO Cash, balance same as rknt,
«IP •i\r\J for new house; sunny side of Co'est.,
near Waller: size of lot 1/5; con'.t-lLuj 3 rooms
and all modem iniprorecuenta. •
: .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL IS, 1897.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
4 UCOST AN ENTIRE BLOCK NORTH OF
-tV th- pork.
$6500— Must be sold by order of Probate Court;
a upland id opportunity for speculators or Invest-
ors.
We have n number of other pieces In the Rich-
mond District, owned by the same eitete, that are
for sale at remarkably low prices
A NKW UP-TO-DATE COTTAGE.
QO/W\C\>ll: ISALANCK SAME AS RENT;
«jpt )\i\J $2300 only; Dolores st., bet. Army and
2Vth; large sunny rooms: bath: Hied sink; "hand-
some br.c-a-brac mantel, etc.; Dolores street Is the
Van Ness avenue of the Mission.
BIG INTKREST. *-.**«>' ; '■
CO^OO T KIIAM\ ST., NEAR BTH; 2
<jp.J*JVU. fl,!s nf 4 rooms eacn; also rear house
cont Ininc B tenements; rent $38: lot 26x76.
A I lIKAP HOME.
Q 97^o JULIAN aVE., NEAR 16TH AND
.p-JOU. Va!enci» sts.; cottage house of 10
rooms and bit ti; lot 30x100.
A FORCED SALE.
•313000 DoIJ ELE COTTAGE ON EUREKA
<POUUV/. st ; 4 rooms each; lot 60x125.
RUS ST.; BET. HOWARD AND
is)*Jt*JV'. Folsom: 4 flas of 4 and 6 rooms
each; rent $59: lot TOxICO.
______ ■ •
TIIIRD-ST. BARGAIN.
87^00 »/ V ' J SOF ft ANn this is a real
tOVU. 3d sU; lot '25x77:6; thts is a real
bargain.
A FINE HOUSE CHEAP.
CM GOO A °°OD B-BUOM COITAGE OS
«£) 1 < \J\f . Whl ney st., near 3 th; lot 25x125;
terms can be arranged. "
A NICE COTTAGE IN THE RICHMOND DIS.
1 I.ICT.
QQ9PiO MAKK A -* OFFER: CLEMENT
tJ — ->v. st., near 4th ave. . modern cottage- 6
Urge rooms, bath, etc.; lot 2&xi00; your own
terms.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
57500 - MO " IUAfIh; OF $6000 CAN
<S) lU\.f\J. stand: must b« sold: mane un offer-
Hayes St.. bet. Lyon an I Lott; 3 handsome bay-
wli dow flit* of 6. 7 and 8 rooms and bath each;
lot 25v1!>7:6; rented low for $63.
A fP.EATSS.Ar; CHESTNUT ST;
•., — UUV. near Dupont: «2-uory home of 8
room, and batl ' : an oiler wanu-uj mortgage of
* 400 can sad.
.91 1 000 P » IOB REDUCED TO MAKE
»iT L i.UW. qulcic sale; McAllister St.. -ear
I aßtina; handso ue 2-s O'y re-ld"nce of 8 rooms:
also J houses on rear street of 4 rooms each; rent
Sbl; lot 25X12J.
BALDWIN a howell,
10 Montgomery St.
A HOME
TN CASTRO-STJtEKT ADDITION: YOU
J. can own on» If you will- prices for fine home
lots only .*HSO to $100: terms only $5 monthly:
reinemb» r, the streets in the. Castro-street Addi-
tion are all graded, sewered and macadamized
rear the electric-cars; no 10-day without tail:
directioni: Take the Guerrero-street e!ectric-cars
(Mission or Valencia transfer at Fourteenth
street), ride to Thlitieth and transfer, then ride
three or four minute) to thecorne-- of i asiro and
I heuery streets. B.\_DWIN A MOW ELL,
10 MoLtconery street.
riHEAP LOTS IN THE MIS.-Io"n]
S^f^OO EACH— MAKK AN OFFER; 2 LOTS
•t l lwu on Diamond st., near2lst: 25x1*25 each.
<5?;P;0 EACH : M AKK AN OFFER; DOUO-
'J"'O\J lass st.. near 20th: 3 fine lot», 25x130
each.
•31 ']&() f ACH: DIAMOND ST., NEAR
•IP I -.iJV/ 17th; 2 lots, each 24:8x125; v rv
cheap.
BALDWIN * HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
* FEW GOOD BARGAINS. — — —
C^l 700 MUST BK SOLD TO CLOSE KB-
-•.. X ll'V/. ta'.e; Florida st . near 22d; good ctt-
tsgeof 6 rooms and bath lot 26x100.
QrOjOO re >*T $25; 2 NKW FLATS JUST
'. — j«v. finished and rented, o i 10th ave., nr.
H St.; each flat has 5 rooms: 10. 25x120.
ft 1 '^00 HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
<£IO\J\J. lot 25x114; 29th near Sanchez.
QO^OO MAKE AN OFFER; 2 FLATS OF 4
•■jptJOVa. and 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x100-
-loth St., b?c Church a id Market.
Baldwin & howell,
10 Montgom ry st.
EW. HAWKIN-, ""
DEALER IN REAL ESTATE,
MORTGAGE, LOANS AND INSURANCE,
11 MONTGOMERY STRivET,
LICK HOU-K BLOCK.
MONEY TO LOAN AT 6 PER CENT ON CITY
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
ft 10 P-^O BUSINESS PROPERTY: CEN-
(JIU.CtJU. tral: ii'l-arreU, near Taylor; 3-
story bulidinj; size *JsxB7;fr
© J K()0 HKW F LATS. COLE ST.; AND 6
i^iuuu. rooms; porcelain hat us and tilings;
cement tubs: wooden mantels; modern electric
a-piiances: street work all done: will rent for
$47 50.
a>O<7PL DIRT CHKAP; 46TH AVE.; SIZE
tJUIO. 300x120.
0 09^0 S - CORNER P ST. ANDBTH AVE •
fu>>t£.U\J. grade ana street work done; size
8 :6x 100.
RICHMOND DISTRICT; CnOICiC LOCA-
tioin: bids wanted a* a whole or In subdlvi lons
.ii th ■ fo lowing properties: N. half of b ock front-
In; Lake, 18th and ;9:h aves: SW. corner Cali-
fornia and 2d ave., 6 lots, 3 tror.tsues also '26th
ave., near A, 70x120: ehbercashor Installments.
<sil PL 000 OCTAVIA - NEAR SACRA-
f^p±fJ.\i\J\f. naentn; choice lot; nice reside ce
section; size 75x137:6.
7^o CAWHOT BE DUPLICATED IN
•(all I iJ\J. this city: Bryant s:.; street accept-
ed: rays over 15 per cent; good building; always
rented; size *25x90. * '
~ S «BURY HEIGHTS; CORNER
'T*JO\J\J. Jrederlck «nd ( layton sts: beau I-
ful vi^w; cars now i>bs-! theprone.ty; street work
done; size 63:1'^x106
8^915^0 PRETTY BAY-WINDOW COT-
, "" .',' * 1 age; 5 rooms and bath: near Mar-
m^s-^rr^of'siL^js 860 ' * isoocaD re -
Apply E. W. HAWKINS, 11 Montgomery st.
\ T o\v STOP PAYING KENT '
i> FOLLOW ill EXAMPLE OF
MANY SIIHMVIi PEOPLE.
BUY ONE OF 1 HE CHEAPEST LOT*
IN IHE C_XTKK OF THE CITY.
$3' 6 and upward; I'll , 2Hh. Vermont and \>
oraskasts.; only $ Ucaah: balance $10 monthly •
pos'eMion Riven when first payment Is made and' '
you can luida: once; t bete lots »re only 5 blocks
from foot of 10th st. and within walk-in* d s nncu
Of town. BALDWIN a howkll,
10 Montgomery st
\ T AUCTION. ~ ~
-£*- AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
MONDAY, APRIL 23, AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
1164 llalght— Elegant modern 10 room resi-
dence, b-tweeu Bnker and Lyon, lot 30x137-&
lot 25x137:0, north 11-e'llaUht, 165 wen of
Baker: siroet biluini i7.<-d
Elegant sunny 6 room cottape. 1909 Broderick
between (."a ifornln an I -<i.crameiito.
stores and fliits. 1915 Mc.aD s t?r, between Lyon
and Lott. rent $H3. lot 25x137:6
, 1815^. Vebstei ;- corner wildey. botween Bush and
Piue— Hats and cot-age, 27:6*81 :6.
16U5 (ienrj-, between Bucliatian and Webster- i
30x95, two bulldingi, ren *42, street done.
Uusiness corner .sk. C.cnintit aud Klghth i
avenue; 25x120; :ransfer point on Sutro road
.Mission cottage. 224 Kaico i avenue; trans er
point on Rich renth-atr ■< t el- c'rlc r lad
>unny hue, ->3 Hardy si., between Churth and
Kanchez, li/i o.Ks from Ma' kit.
- l-.olce Miasiun tor .or for flats, NW. Harrison
mid 1 wenty-flfth. la; ing Garfield go , 22 Ox i 12 •«
At salesroom of ' *
CHAH. J. CAMPBELL A CO.,
224 Montgomery st.
\f UST BE SOLD.
A SNAP.
* f l"»00 COR OAK ' AND G'-JUOH; LOT
«JT'Jc)UU.-iOxB7:U: improvements. .
ftll -^00 *" or ' ID BRICK IMPROVE-
•pII.iJUU. ments: lot 26x160; * Pacific «u
tet. Mon;gomery and Kcarny.
M. B. LEVY. 11 Mon gomery su
•ft'^.O 000 INSII) K CORNER ON POST
rjpov.UUw. su;rems about $150 per month •
m modern building .».> this lot will pay well T
W. CJLKM AN, '-4 Montgomery st. '
7 ROOMS AND BAT.M; NEW HOUSK AT 14 !
I Joost ave, Minn md- Tract; easy terms see I
IU THE McCAR 1H y CO., 646 Market SU
SACRIFICE; SW.CORNKRTWENTIKTH ST
O aud Treat ave; 25x110. Herblusu 1206 M ar-
ket su '
pE.VUINK SACHIFICK: OWNEK GOING
'TF.a-il: flrst-cla^g m. line view lot Western Ad-
dition; i-uKuoner. Boum 71, 1 20 Suiter st.
<fe>OOri B U SINhS-i PROPERTY; INSIDE
(jpt \t\J\J. of Fllimoros.; rent $85 per month-
larce let: must sell. '
$525U— Mission su, near 2'2d; price reduced to
make an Immediate sale: rent $25: bank m or. taen
which can remain; this is a good buy.
$175— Lot 25x1*20, on 4Hth ave., near the tro-
car line; this is a give away; tost $400-
-<B.O. r THE CHEAPEST LOT IN i CEAN
«J-O_O.' View: 30x125: on Broad st , near
I atiltal: best s reel inn best block.
<&JsOO 10TU AVL CI KM EXT; OF-
'.TUUU.; ffrwanud;flneli.t. McEWtNBKoa
118 Mo:itgoaieiy st. . ■ , - .
o*ll^/1 BARGAIN IN A 4- ROOM AND
<_>X luv. bath cottage, including level lot, near
Mlsslon-st. cars; $100 down: $12 50 a month' less
than rent. JACOB HiiVMAN, il Montgomery su
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SHAINWALD. BCCKBKK & CO, AKAL tttS-
-1 ATK AGENTS.
Vlb-220 MONTGOMERY ST.. MILLS
BUILDING. -
. • HOUSES RENTED.
45C0— Fine corner, oppesita entrance to Golden
Ga e Park: street work all done; one sidewalk;
lots.de sewered: cost $73u0:. size 2jx96:10V»
$4000— : wo good cottages on Cos', st., nr. i.yon-.
4 rooms anu bath each: lot 48x75 feet: street
work a 1 done. .
$7tOJ— Good 2-story residence on Clay St., near
Larkr.; 8 room* nnd bath. ' ■ • .
«10.0U0— Offer wanted; Shotwell su, nr. 24th: 4
flats (new), renting for $84 monthly; also rear
house; lot 40x115 to rear street.
$6260— Rents$75 monthly; 2 well built bay-win-
dow dwe lings on liroderick st. ; 7 rooms and bath
each; lot 32x101).
$i>soo— Hnnds itne modern residence of 10 rooms
an i bath on W.llej > st., near Laguna; rents $60
monthly; lot 2'2:9x107:6.
$st'o.»— l/Ferrell St., nearGouirh; fine residence:
lot SOxl'2O.
$900ii— A flne NE. corner n sidence in the park
panhandle district: mi dern in every respect: 2-
story urn! finished oasemeut; 11 rooms and hath:
lot 3'l:3xlOO: bank morgage of $4600 can remain
at 6 ; a per cent.
$6(XO-Hen;s $512 yearly; Natoma-s*. flats,
near 6lli St.; lot 26x75.
$5500— Positively no reasonable offer will be re-
fused: pretty Wesurn Addition home; on Jack-
son it.; cottage. 7 larce rouina aDd both; Une
ntab'e, etc.; 1< t 25x127:8Vi: mortgage of $3000
can remain at G'si P' r cent.
»625 »— -Reduced from $9500 to make an Im-
mediate sale. '4 2-story and basement house* of 9
rooms .in i bath each: renting lor $50 monthly:
always rented; lot 45:10x7u feet; Fremont su,
near Folsom.
$7COO— No reasonable offer will be refused; a
snap for son e builder; 4 lots: '25x11.0 feet each,
ami a corner. '28xi00 feet, near 18th and Sanchez
sts.: only 1 block from tiie new sjtioolhouse site.
HV.OOO— Devisadero-*t. residence; 8 rooms and
111; lo*. 51:6x110 feet: street bitumen; atone
sidewalk.
$30,0 JO — Lot and improvements on one of the
principal transfer points on Mission St.: a NW.
corner: 3 fron ages; should oe Improved with
stores and flats: could be made to pay a handsome
Inco ue; safe luwdtmeut.
$650U— Juckson-su residence, near Buchanan; 8
rooms and baih; lot 30x117 to retr street; street
bitumen; stone sidewalk; price reduced from
tBau(* In Older to effect » q* Ick sale.
$6250— C 7.v home in me Panhandle district:
Pierces:., near oak: 2-story house, 8 rooms and
bath, conservatory, etc.: lot 25x106:3: s»e this
to- lay; our bills art- on toe properly.
$6500— Kents.s73somonihlv; 4 new and modern
flats of 4 and 6 rooms ami baths; lot 40x65 feet;
near Valencia and Ridley sts.
$lfO— 2 Richmond lots: 25x120 each; a pickup
for some one.
$J3oo— J»ckson-st. residence lot. near Stelner;
key lot: sun all oar; lot 20: Jx 1*27:8
S9oo— Terms $jO cash, balance tio monthly,
lo: in Uicltmond on i i t ii ave., near Clement si.;
Io:s B°we.el and ready to bul'd on.
$9000— l-.r aJway: north side: marine view:
residence: price reduced from 511, 0U0: contains
9 rooms and bath: wocdeu man. els; lot 35x100
feet.
$000— Bush st , NE. cor. of Lyon; lot 26x100
feet; splendid corner for business.
$2600— Sth ave. ; cottage 6 rooms and bath; lot
30x120.
$1*2,000— Post St.. near Van No«s ave.; fine resi-
dence, 11 rooms and bath; lot '27:6x137:6.
$2800— Near« and Hyde sts.. 2-jtory house
of 6 rooms and bath.
$3500-Fell-s:. boulevard lot, 26x137:8.
tlBoo— MUaloa collage, only 2 blocks from Mls-
sluu-st. carhouse; 5 rooms and bath.
$4500— Broadway, near Laguna st.; lot 30x100:
bargain.
$2700- Pace St., near Clayton: lot 25x100.
$3500— Minna St., nearStn; 2 good fla.s, renting
for $27 monthly.
$1800-Misalon cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
also stable: lot 76x100; terms can be had If de-
sired: #900 each.
Stevenson St., near 6th; rent* $105
monthly; lot 26x76; running through to Mini av .
5*23.")0 — Broil." ric st , near Page; lot 25x100
feel; street work all done and accepted; lot tew-
ere I auj side sewereJ.
$625')— (i<.-.iry-at. business property; store ana 2
flats above; street wink all doue anl accepted;
rea'.s $47 50 monthly.
CSOOO— Baker su, near entrance to Golden Gate
Park: elegant residence of 11 rooms and bath
(new); lot '25x98 ft.
The above Is only a partial list. We will be glad
tc tarnish acomDlete list on application.
SHAINWALD, BUCKB..E & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery a:., Mills Building.
SEE THOSE NEW HOUSES ON WEBSTER
8., bet. Va lejo and Green: Ftllmore-st. cars
one block; modern In every particular, finished In
natural woods; very sunny: floe marine view;
owner will show bouse to-day; small cash pay-
ment If desired.
BOVEE, TOY A EONNTAG. Agents,
SO Montgomery st.
SOL getz * broth
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICKS, GRKAT BARGAINS.
rpAKB ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
I purchases, get a lot cneaper than you ever will
again. . y. : ;■
Si: 100 * 1M) TO -* 5 - 00 - BUILDING LOTS:
•_>lvJv. no grading: near Mlsstou-sU and Han
Mateo electric car lines; only $6 monthly.
(_7^ $100. $150 TO $»00; CHOICEST LOTS
C • >). south or the park; near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stand arid boulevard; only $5
fnd $10 monthly Installments.
ff-OTA TO $1100: RICHMOND LOTS: WE
v-»" can positively sun you In location, price
and terms.
Call on us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams.
6OL. GETZ A BROTHER,
Boom A, first floor, Crocker building.
Qi A enii ELEGANT RESIDENCE; 2-
•Jjv.wUl'. story, basement and attic; bil-
liard, store rooms, etc. : lot 26x137:8; house alone
< ost *10.000; this Is a great, sacrifice: see owner
on premises, 727 Golden Gate ave , bet. Franklin
and ■ lough.
WILL BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSES AND
»' flats at lowest prices, for cash or Installments,
on your own lot, or will turuish lot call mid exam-
ine plans. DAN EINSTEIN, builder, 630 Marke .
OC. BEMIH,
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice banning lot on Army and 27th sts.: close
to electric road.
$4r.O— San Carlos Villa lot; 100x180 feet.
*67t.i0— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson su. overlook-
ice the Presidio and bay.
$3500—2 modern houses of ! 8 rooms each at
prrki 137:6 /eel; electric roaa passes houses:
make offer.
. »8500— Elegant NW corner of Cole and Carl sta.
SHOO— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— »W. cor. Fifth av. and C st. : 109x99 ft.
*■ Ann EASTLAKF, COTTAGE, 330 HILL
O* UUU. si., nr. Cauro: 6 large rooms, bath
and basement; lot 25x114; partly mortgaged:
'uortk,' (• can remain It desired; good neighbor-
hood: place not liirce enough for pies»nt owner.
Anpy R.MGDEN &TURNKY, cor. Kearny and
Commercial.
C TT LK & LOFTUS. LAND A«*KNTB, 621
1 Marke*. su.opp. Palrce Hotel: city and coun-
try property for sale and exchange only.
1/° SALE OK TO LET— 3-SIOKY HOUSE,
-T 315 tiucr.ero sU: Hanson Dyeing and Cleaning
Worics; steam power; well and pump; stable, 5
stalls; 40x112; easy terms; apply on premises, 1
to 4 p.m.; Also cottage. 5 rooms ana bath, 302
2d ave , near Clement su
/COTTAGE HOMK; 4 ROOMS: NEW; $76
Vcash: balance $13 per month. THE McCAR.
THY COM PAN V. 646 Market su
ViiMV TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. In 8. F., Oakland or A lamed a. at lowest rates:
without removal: no lommlsstons; no delays.
J. NOON AN, 101710 10*23 Misslou bL, above Blxtn.
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY RE*-PhCI'ABLK " AND PRIVATE
place to ob ain liberal advances on diamonds
and Jew elry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.: telephone Green 204. .
HjOaa AAM AT 61/^ PER CENT ON CITY
<If)OUU.UUU real estate; also Oakland: estates,
life Insurance, second mortgace, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT: IST. 2D;OR 3D IiORTd AGBa.
♦slates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate: fi:r-ii:;ir« and plar.M without removal.
UcCOLUAN, '24 MontKOtnery su. room H.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON bMALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c interest per mo, on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
LIBKRAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JKW.
elry. etc.: low Interest. Cut-rate Loan Offlc*
r. 7, Flood bldg, 809 Market: teL brown 191.
Q«')»>- i \l\l\ AT ±JANK i-ATK-4: IST AS O
O"->— «.).UUU 2d mortcaxes. estates, rents, eta:
Und as low as $50. It MURl'llV. 623 Market m,
cjon Ann to loan on city real
tITZU.UUU estate; 6ViIC- ! SPECK ft CO, 602
Market st. ' '
ON KUKNITUKJS; VERY LOW INTEREST;
\J no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hail are.
ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL EbTATK;
any amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine si., r. 3.
fit 1 AO.OOO ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
JU low Interest. JOS. H. IOPLITZ, 33ii Pine.
<5« tfi 1O $&0,000; LOWK-T RATE; IST A 2D
<?i)u -song.: any proposition. Uryaen, 413 Mont
ANY SUM, IST OR 2ND MORTGAGES, &S-
-tatf>s In probate, etc. Km. 7, 608 California, su
r\N| FURNITURE AND PIANOS; NO RE-
v/moval: low rates; private party. 219 Powell, r. S.
N I'IA.NUt) AND FUKNITUKJL. WITHOUT
removal: very low interest. 1 16 McAUluer su
■ i ..\i_\CiAL,'y<
T\rANTED — LOAN OF $3600 ON IMPROVED
»T Hroadwav property valued at $15,000; also
$2260 on improved property valued at $4600, and
several smaller ;*ums. D. F. McI>U.\ALD A CO..
463 NiutU , Oakland Cal, ;
COI'KTRI KKAt. KSTATE.
GH. UMBSKN CO.
. DAVID BUSH. Manager Country Dept.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
©X PER ACRE; 307 ACRES; 2 MILES FROM
<PO Palermo, In Bu:ie lountv; in the orange
belt: this land was appraised at $15 an acre a few
years ago; a bargain.
0 I >)(||| FOH NICE COTTAGE AND IM-
I <IPi-*»U\'. provements, with Urge tot on College
terrace at Palo Alto.
$1 900 FOR 5 NICfcLY LOCATED LOTS
«JP 1-iUU. atcolma.
CJ97CA 7 ACRES WITH NICE COTTAGE,
«CO I O\J. orchard and nice Improvements; 1
mile from Redwood city.
C>l C PER ACRK-lbO ACRES OF OIL AND
»4T IU timber land at the junction of Oil and Pes-
cadpro creeks. San Mateo County; title U. S. pat-
ent.
C; I C AN . ACRE— 64O ACRES; . GRAIN,
«25 1 *J dairy and stock farm near Sacramento,
with fine Improvements; 320 acres in grain.
<Hil!\{)t\ 62 ACRES 4 MILES FROM VaCA-
<£>.! v>i\J. vlile on the Winters road: 22 acres
in prunes, apricots and peaches, with family or- j
chard In bearing; balance In grain; house of 8 j
rooms and Food outbuildings; will exchange for i
San Francisco property.
QO^nft 10 ACKtS HALF A MILE FROM
*ip-**Jy'\J. Lot Gatoi: all out In prunes, apricots
and peaches in full bearing, with nice hedge sur-
rounding It; all level land and a pickup.
VI ILL VAi.LEY COUNTRY HOME; COT-
■L'A tane of 7 rooms and bath, nicely furnished:
beautiful garden, lawn »nd redwood grove: choic-
est location; 10 minutes lrom >n: lot 16')xllO;
price f 2740: couli he rented at $50 per month;
aso furiii.ih.' l cottage to rent; nicely .or&ii d.
FOR KXCIIAMiI- A FILL BLOCK IN
-L Salinas City for San Francisco property.
(SUMMER ttEtORl 1 .
ITHE BEAUTIFUL PLACE KNOWN AS
XToknioma, on Papt-r-mIU Creek, Marin County;
railroad station on place: hotel of 30 rooms and
cottages; completely furnished and equipped; gas
and water; " bar and hi Marl room aid doing a
splendid b.itlness; price on application.
CjV)^ l\f\l\ 179 ACHES WEST OF PALO
rSJ)^tJ.\J\J\J. Alto, Santa Clara County: JOU
acres of choice varieties of wine grapes in full
•>e tiing: about 40 acres In prunes, tears find olives,
6 years oil; with xood house and other ou;> uiiu-
ln«s; mis is a well-known property, and is a bank
foiec osure.
WOLFSKII L THACT. ''
ON PUT-AH ClttliK, SOLA.NO COUNTY,
near the town of Winters; th--ear i(>st fruli nnd
vegetable land In the >iate: we i.re M-l.i 20 to 60
acr • tracts of this celebrated ranch for SO per acre;
one-quarter cast), balance in 8 annual nay merits at
6 per > em Interest: send for den-iipilve circular.
A I r.NLO PARK— 3J ACRES SANTA CRUZ
i»l ave. ; an exceedingly choice locality near the
Stanford University ground-,: will be very valu-
able in a few years; will be told on very easy
terms.
STOCK RANCH- SMS ACRES IN MK.NPC-
kJ clno County; command* very large outside
range; good houses, cabins, birns, hay fields:
fl 'S water faci.ltles: on Eel River anil brunches;
i.-li and game in abundance; ut least ion • acres
can bo. cultivated; $11,000; part can remain on
mortgage.
\TAPA VALLEY- 100 ACRES CHOICEST
XI valley land; 4 miles from Napa, on railroad:
le«s than quarter mile from station; quality or soil
first-class for fruit; location unturpabsed; for tale |
as a who e or In tracts of 25 acres each.
t-HAISWALU BCCKBKK & CO..
218-220 .Montgomery St.. .Mills building.
"I ANDS OF THE ESTATE OF
XJ I.iLa.VD STANFORD. Deceased.
FOR SALE BY ORDER OF
MRS. jane L. STANFORD, Executrix.
Copelami Ranch, Tehacia County, 2238 ccres-
bhafer Ranch, Tehama, 240 acres
Government Ranch, Contra Costa. 2957.82 acres.
i oon and Felt Tracts. Santa Clara, 1262.84
acres.
McCoppin Ranch. San Luis Oblipo, 320 acres'.
Stillman Ranch. Red and*, 282 acres.
By MCAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st.
AN UNQUFSTIONABI BARGAIN: COST
A $40,000: will be sold for $20,000; 230 acres,
4 ! acres bMng best wire graphs, 10 acres in
prunes, II acres pe*rs; house 7 rooms in good con-
billon; large barn, stone win ry, tanks, hydraulic
press: complete forwlnemaking: water piped from
springs; horses, cows, furniture, buggies. wagon;
everything complete; living trout stream: deer,
quail, etc ; nice grounds: 3 miles from St. Helena,
In a lovely valley; presents a picturesqe loca lon.
\V"K HAVE 4 VERY CHOICE LOTS IN THE
»' (Own of Belmont, beautifully situated for su-
burban homes; will be sold according to the times:
investigate this; easy terms.
(jJOjAn. FOR AN IMPROVED 40 ACRE
«H)-Ilv/U farm in Placer County: 20 acres have
been farmed: some fruit and vines; house, barn,
etc.; all under irrigation and in the early fruit
belt; 9.00 down, lime on balance.
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO., 3d floor. Mills Bid*.
CIO AAA 180 ACRE-, NEAR GLEN
♦ipXO.VUW. Ellen: 15 acres orchard; 35 acres
level; balarce gently rolling: abundance of wood
and water; all fenced: good house, .barn and out-
bul dings; will exchange for stock ranch.
ff-Qrinn HOUSE 8 ROOMS IN BAN MA-
*-t.J\i\J. teo: lot 50x1 -:0; lawn: shrubbery;
barn, etc.: street wor* all done; sewerconnecilons;
3 blccks from depot.
GRIFFITH. CLARK & CO.,
19 Montgomery st.
Ct"7r.A 4li ACHES IN SAN JOAQUIN
<Jp») I 'J\J. County; 32 acres hearing orchard;
new molern home 6 rooms: barn; windmill; fins
Improvements; s!oc», crop, tools and everything i
goes; 3% miles from railroad; $20J0 cash; bal- i
unreon longtime at ri per cent. C. F. MOORE,
935 Market st . room 4. - . "
1 /'A ACRES HOMESTEAD AIM IN~
lUv Fresno County; fine level land: small im-
povemenis: nfar pos.olllce and school, will ex-
change for paying business of any kind; a bar-
lain. Address HN R. JONES, Newcastle,
P.acer County, Cal.
0:1 nfiCi B<i ACRES RICH LAND IN
tiP-I O.yjyjyr. the {celebrated fruit district at
Vecaville; fO acres In fiult; house, barn, fruit-
house.iec: a big sacrifice; sold In 1890 for $30,-
-600: would exchange for c.ty property. Call or
address M. O. CURRY, 51 Mnrptiy Dulldlnj, 1238
Market st.
roil SALE--. 80 ACRES GOOD IMPROVED
F land. Tuolumne County ; mining district: «lso
161) acres Marlposa County wood; water: cheap;
cash. Apply 1714 I'ok St., In rear.
AT »20 TO $40 PER A.CRE - RUSSIAN
River, online of ia'.-i.id. easy terms.' J. T.
PETERS & CO., Mills building.
IDOW WOULD SELL FROM 10 TO 40
»' Imi roved acres In Santa Rosa: terms to suit.
867 l-olsom st.
AN MATEO; LOT ICOXIBO, ON GRIFFITH I
aye., ue ir Hotel Mateo; a bargain. H. p., 607
Capp st.
2 20- ACRE TRACTS, LOCATED 3 MILES
— from good town In Alan »da Countr: all deep
loam soil, very suitable for raising fruits, vines,
vegetables; will make lovely home farms; at $800
eich.
EDWIN K. ALMP & CO., 29, second floor. Mills
building.
/ ' RICAT BARGAINS IN LAND; $35 PER
»' acre: small places; Improved and unimproved; j
Alamrda County,- near r-an Francl-co. For de- I
tails write to 11. J. DIUCILKM. 69 Columbian
building, Markei st., San Francisco.
3C'}finn * ACRES CHICKEN RANCH;
.j"iV'UV. new 6-room, hard-llnlshed home:
large Improved cken-tious' and oro>der: fine
flower-garden: 10 minutes' walk from postofflce.
OE-.RuK C. YOUNG, Petaluma.
rpo CAPITALISTS AND LAND BUYERS.
We have In our hands for sale one of the finest
tracts of fruit land In this State, and It Is offered as
a whole or In subdivisions at lowest prices and on
easy terms of payment.
The property Is In Placer County, the banner
fruit county of the State, near the main line of the
central Pacific Rallioad and close to the great
shipping points of Newcastle, Rockllu, l'euryn and
Loomls.
The soil Is disintegrated jrranite, deep, rich, '
easily tilled and In ever/ way es- e lMly adapted
to;irult culture. It Is comparatively level and
lightly covered with brush, whlc.i Is easily
cleared. While irrigation Is not a requisite In this
section, owing to the abundant rainfall, there Is
a large reservoir and ditch near by which will
afford those facilities If required.
llitc.iinaie is writ known and cannot be ex-
celled.
The market facilities for the frnits of this
county are unsurpassed, aad growers' returns are
up to the highest point. Placer County li now the i
largest shipper of d clduous fruits of an v county '
In the Mate, and with citrus Jruiu ii fast forcing '
xhead totheiead.
'1 his property is well and favoraolv known as !
the "P.ttcer county Fruit v olony Tract"; contain* I
820 acres, of which 160 are in full-bearing
orcnards of trie choicest, varieties or cherries,
peaches, pears and plums, carefully selected and
planted fur profl table sates; the buildings ate com-
fortable; the tract fronts on three main c oun.y
roads and adjoins the Whitney lands, which, un-
Improved, sold In 1848 at from $250 to *&00, and >
I are now highly Improved and v.il iat> eln propo - !
j tlon: as a whole this fin property can be bougut '
i for $75,1 00, one- hlrd cash, balance on mortgage
at 7 per ce<it: If so.d in subdivisions the prices
wi 1 be governed by character of Improvements on
pieces selected; terms of payment as above.
1 he property purchased at a whole and subdi-
vided in (i 20 to 40 acre tract* should easily real-
ize $125,000.
On account of closing np a partnership It must
be sold by us as promptly i.s possible, hence the
low prices named, ior further information ap-
ply to
BHAINWALD, BUCKBKK A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills building.
FOR SALE-2 POULTRY RANCHES. CON- !
. slating of geese, ducks, chickens and pigeons:
also 14 lots, 37x110 each, at 920 a lot. THOMAS
F. CONK LIN, Red Flag, Hix-mile station, ran
Kruno Road.
1,. |||lu{SJ; MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•J"i" * unimproved land: terms to suit: fruit, grain,
vegetables; rail and water. K. 65, Chronicle bidg.
EARLY FRUIT AND VEOhTABLE LAND—
1000 acres of the "Wolfskin grant," lit' lota
from 20 acres un, selling for $.-0 per acre on ens.-
terms; located 3mi es west of Winters. cal. For
particulars address W. 11. GREGORY, Winters
cat. ■■- - ■ . . ■ .
L ITT LIE HUM Kb cLOSU TO TOWN; IM~
JU proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre plecej
on. 8 and 1 I years' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
ooma utj; every Monday at 632 Market bu, s. V.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE-Continued,
rptTTLE & LOFTIS, LAND AGENTS.
1 620 Market street, opposite Palace Hotel. "
CI y and country property for sale and ex< hange.
<St9l f\f)(\ VINEYARD; 260 ACRES;
»TT > -_-J. .\jyj\J. finest it the State: worth double
he price: gr^ateit- bargain on the marKet; first-
c.asj lm. rovementj; investigate.
Qin (\{\(\ stock I!AM'H,()B general
•7 I'.yjyjy'. farm: 480 a«r s, and unlimited
stock range: 125 acres cultivat' a, 200 'more can
be cnlt.vated; all underwater di Chen; splendid
improvements; water right 0:1 this place wor:h
the price asked; great bargain.
Cr/IXAA LOS ANGELES COUNTY: 140
*IT^O\J\J. acr g; tine soil; all level; under
ditch: raise 5 crops alfalfa; 30 acres cultivated;
18 acres in almonifi and applet: 3 acres vineyard:
comfortable 4-room house; barn, chicken-house}.
<£ 'J k|)/) SANTA CLARA VILLA, 15
y 1 -'- 1 "". lent; 30 acre? in Fiench prunes;
beautiful home: modern house 6 rooms, all cin-
vt-mt-iices; 1 mile from Los Gatos; cheapest plac.>
In cou .ty. .
SQ7^fV RIVERSIDE RANCH, 160 ACRES,
.. l . I UU. all cultivated: 6 acres In fruit; fam-
ily vineyara; flrit-c us* soil; beautiful and profit-
able home; everything complete: this is an ex-
ceptional opportunity to get a nice home and
profitable ranch.
W^fiO VA VALLEY: 16 ACRES;
iF^tJUU. e-irly fruit distrlc : 10 ncres in fruit
and vines; nice bouse;- barn, chicken-bouse- all
com, le:e •
<£ I 000 NAP.\ COUNTY: 26 ACRES. ALL
tin i J t/UU, cultlvatfd; Une soil: 4-room house
and outbuildings; sacrifice to close an estate te
this.
'ftQOO ? EAR CLOVERDALE: 65 ACRES;
<i!)tJ\J\J. fine fruit, chicken or due* ranch-
plenty of timber and water; very cheap.
( 8»7 ? .n MOUNTAIN RANCH 157 ACRES: 10
'-£) I Kf\J. cultivated: 35 acres fenced; fine fruit or
chicken ranch; good 4-room hojse; barn and
chicken-houses; owner lives in Oregon- worth
three times the ret; family can make money in
a mining district.
dtiKnn 17 acres, » MILES from PETA-
,S?J OUW * luma: all 150 fruit trees,
1000 raspberries: fine soil, all undtr cultivation;
I very cheap.
fKlnflO 16 ° ACRES . 9 MILES FROM
«jpj iJUU. Bradley; 60 acres cultivate), balance
pasture; this is tbecneaptst land In tl e State.
&Z. AN ACRE; l.'BO ACRES TIMBER: CiOOD
<iiro for mock or fruit; t lenty water, a. box 40.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
I MEW 7-KOOM HOUSK; FINISHED IN
I w J*i, test design; half a block to local: nelghbor-
| hood flHt C ' a * B: owner must have money; $2500,
f 400 cash.
TMNE BUSINE-S BLOCK: 4 STORES AND 4
-i- n its on San Pa' lo av?.. close to business cen-
ter; mortgage $9000; price $12,000; cost 2 years
ago $17,000: pays good Interest on Investment.
■PIRST-OLASSBRICK HOUSE, 8 ROOMS AND
-i- bath: lot 80x150; 3 blocks to local station and
stores: in an estate and must be sold; appraised at
$4500; price $2500; half cash.
A LITTLE GEM; COTTAGE ROOMS; HALF I
xx a olock to Dwlght-way station: cost $2000;
m n St .o e «A old at once: onl - v *H5O see this without
fail; $300 or $400 cash.
•1 8. MYERH, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
'in 000 ONE OF THE most ELEGANT
.-, \ l ' y W' homes In airland; NW. corner
or Jackson and 13th an.: cost present owner S_:9 -
0; 0; must be sold; owner leaving city: costly
house; .11 rooms; finished in hard woods; otlOJ
X168; lot alone wor;h more than the price asked-
l - i'? 1/! * cash, ba ance on mortgage. WILLIAM
J. DINoEE, 460 Eighth St., Oak and.
Offer wanted -FOR the griffin
place, on Jackson a., Oakland; will set for
one-fourth Its ordinal cost: snd for particulars.
WILLIAM J. DINGKE. 460 Eighth St., Oakland.
•ft 1 'VAfl KA CH; 3 MODERN COTTAGES; 5
i|TIUi)U rooms and bath: giod lccitton; near I
local trains; cost f -'tOJ eacn lormerly; rented for
622 sOpermo.; term* 8100 cash, $.6 per month.
WILLIAM J.DINOKE. 460 Eighth st , Oakland.
<%4^n 7 LOTS - 25x160 EACH: ONLY 2 I
f£)nv\j. blocks from electric cars; terms If de-
sired.
pOZY COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS: 2 CHICKEN-
V bouses: cl y water; lot 75x108; all fenced:
price $450.
SACRIFICE FROM $2000 TO $1275 FOR IM-
O mediate sale; nice cottage of 5 rooms and ■
bitb: fine mantel: 7-foot basement; lot 50x141;
half block from Fruitvale avenue: terms If de-
sired. H. a. PLEITNEK, Fruitvale Station.
Qt-VMIO FOR bal>; or exchange for
<id*.i\j\J\J. a cottage in Oaklanu, 7»/ 8 «cre» near
Hay wards; new house 6 rooms, well, wind-
mill and tank; 500 fiul: trees; 1 acre grapes; beau-
tiful home. T. K. ANDERSON, 1118 Broadway. I
Oakland.
OUSIS FOR SALE ON INSTALLMENT
plan; 20 ranches for sale and exchange; also !
good Eastern | roperty for exchange; send stamp*
for new catalo.ues. E. E. Net, 1008 Broad
way, Oakland, Cal.
BUY A HOUSE AND LOT IN BEAUTIFUL I
Frnl vale; only a minute's walk to station;*
see the owners a; their office In Fruitvale for bar-
gains. BaS.Sc.TT BROS., Fruiiva:e station.
$C CASH, $5 MONTHLY— LOTS $75 AND
it upward; out of 33-acre Allendale 1 ract, Ecst
Oakland but 72 lots unsold; will Luli.l you 3. 4
and 5 room cotta e (modern) from $300 to $900,
In el din.- lot: pi<yroent as rent; site, climate and
soli superb: 3 electric roads and fins school near-
conveyance free. 459 Mnth st , bet. Broadway
and Washington, Oakland. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
\ BARGAIN— SIOOO; LARGE LOT, 217x171:
-TIL lovely location: -treat sacrifice, as owner has
business KasL Particulars 632 -Market St., room
5, tan Francisco, or 1141 Linden St., Oakland.
0 1 (\(\ EACH. 4 LOTS MKLKOSE STATION
»3? IUW Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
$1 down and $1 week. H. B. PINNEY, 902
8.-oadwav, Oak lan 1.
GET A CHOICK, HEALTHFUL HOME
while prices are low; lots $100 to $150 at
FHchburs. beyond l-'rultva'e; the . best property
for investment now offered: local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 45 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of damp
belt: soil excelleut for gardening; very best water
facilities; good school: terms to suit. Before buy-
Ing in this locality see the owner of this property
C. M. KUNKLE. i>lsVi Washington St., upstairs!
room 28, Oakland. cat.
- 1
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
LARGE SUNNY RO .MS; GALINDO HOTEL.
XJ Oakland; board optional. Eighth st., off
Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS "WANTED.
Air ANTED-BY LADY SMALL, COMFORTA^
«" ble room in Oakland within 2or 3 blocks of a I
b:oaa-gant;e local st t on In exchange for music !
lesions; references. Address «82 Maiket, room 6 ,
M. K.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
aiLastkda heal kstatt:.'
A LaMKDA-TO LET. SUNNY CORNER COT- j
IV tage, newly painted; 8 rooms and bath, base-
men , laundry, attic; all in- perfect order; large ]
garden: rent low. J. S. HANJEY, 1351 Park St., I
.AlHlllPdtt. • ;. .;
3k'>',)_.f- *- ROOM COTTAGE; BEAUTI- !
«JP._._UV/. fully situated: near Bay flta:ion.
. 82450— A new cottage; colonial style :, near nar- !
row-uttuge ata-ton.
$290'0— Handsome colonial cottage, with room*
above; situated near station.
$361,0— A snap; colonial cottage of 7 rooms;
large corner lot: your terms are ours.
.• MARCUSE & REMMELL,
Bay-st. station (broad-gauge), Alameda; 628 !
Market . St., San Francisco, open Sundays and [
hotUays.
-__-_---_--_____-__-__-_-_--—__--——— 1 1
MUST BE SOLD FOR CASH OR ON EASY
terms; house of 5 rooms and bath; modern
improvements; lot £0x130: near electric cars and
Haighi' street station; no reasonable offer refused.
410 Kearny sU, loom 10. . • . . ...
LOR SALE— BARGAIN; COR. LOT, 134x175;
" 4 cottnges. 6 rooms each; Pacific ave. and
Schiller st.; offer wanted; street work done. In-
quire B. AltlAS, 1823 Pacific ave., Alameda.
, AROAJN: ALAMEDA COUNTY: 80 MILES
1 ' from city: choice land: fruit, hay, grain, veg-
-1 tables, with living springs; $26 10 *35 per acre.
11. J. uIuULES, 69 Columbian building, S. F. , .'.
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR fi CENTS— TUB
■ V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, tor mall ing.
ALAHGDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
£ I - 4-ROOM. COTTAGE FURNISHED COM-
Ci- 1 ' piete at Monterey; also furnished and un-
furnished rooms. SIKN SPENCEtt, 1321 Park
su, 'lameda.
FINELY FURNISHED 11-ROOM HOUSE AND
r grounds to rent, 1 bock irom Morlon-st. station,
narrow-gauge. M. E. S., 1511 Central av., Alameda.
HAVWARDS HEAL ESTATE.
99 ACREH.IO IN GRAIN, BUILDINGS, $1000
— <<& b acres, some fruit, «ooJ buildings 1800 ,
5 acre«, all fruit, good buildings. 4-j< 0
120 acres, some fruit, build. n.i« stream water 6000
400 ncres. i'.O 1 low land, Home fruit s.Y>o j
8 acr>s, all iiui , comfort e buildings 6500 I
25 «icrnt, some fruit, large home 650
•>6 acres, full beai Ing fruit, line improve-
ments, will give $4OUO for this year's ' ■■
cr0p...!... $26,001)
For full particulars ca!l oh or address, •
V. WILB.-RJ , llaywuids, Alameda Co., Cat
BERKKLEV KIiAL ESTATE.
I C-iENUINE SACRIFICE: OWNER GOING
I VI East: attractive cottage: beautiful grounds;
I 50x145; make an oiTur. -'JO Gutter 5.., room 7-1.
MUST BE SOLD: MODERN ,HOUSK OF 8
rooms anl bath; corner lot 00x125; nice
I grounds; grand view; near U. C. and siaiion;
owner lias to go south: price $57 50, cost $3500.
O. O. MAY Jc CO , 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
' CjCfin CASH WILL BUY COTTAGE OF 4
■ •.. < U' ' rooms: hardwoid finished; 7-foot base-
' ment; 2 lots, 65xl'J3: West JRe ke'.ey. Address
! K. box 18, 1 nil Office. . - .
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
p 6~OD^Xi^?R?r^jCoP^RTT'To7r*Airi3£-
»l proved C'a.ifornla ranch. 14 Hampton ace. •
9A-ACRK ORCHARD, NEAR KIRKWOOD,
! -*" Teuama Conn y, with rood house and fence:
i p enty of water; also beautiful lot. in Golden Gate.
Berkeley: -.11x136 feet: to exchange for city prop-
ertv. nK.n \>. AKMBi'.USi KR, 2t Munigom.' r .
JHKDICAI/.
ALL CASKS* OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time: instant relief for
I travelers; home in confinement: best care and
privacy; regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice: 'my celebratei remedies for ■ monthly
suppression never fall ; every case guaranteed:coo-
&ultalion free, rontidemlal: houri 10 to 5: i>nissL
MRS. DK. WVtTII, »16 Post st.. near Larkio.
DK, J. H. JOx&ELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ist, still otters bis valuable vices to the un-
' fortunate. With a mind matured »ad enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there Is hardly a
disease In the catalogue or human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he Is always ready
to assist yon. Ills knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. » No case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his cure con-
trol. . His female monthly remedies are sure and
! rsle la their effects, His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failln; in their
: action, and are warranted for both youn; and old.
1 He excels all others in the cure of private diseases,
nver 60 years of practice enables him to warrant
i a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. UJd
! Market st. Call or write direct to UOt) Alurliet »;..,
I rooms 1 1 and 12.
I * PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
A leas: never falls In any case of monthly sick-
. ness, no motter what cause; no electricity hum-
ting or other dangerous methods; money In every
; case refunded if a care is not effected: travelers
I helped immediately; years' experience; home la
; confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
: null free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister at., next Hlbernla
.bank: hours. 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. u.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RB-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no Instrument-) used:
j many years' experience: every cat? guaranteed;
1 advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
I home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY. 1120
' Market St., over the Owl Drugstore. , •
» Nj-W PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
xx -trumeut used: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from what
cause; restores always in one day; tan be sent
and used a:, home; positive cure; genuine new
process can only be bad at my office: advertised
I 20 years. Dli. POPPKR. 318 Kearny St.
DR. FOULEVS FRENCH CAPSULES- V
guaranteed absolute curs for all female dis-
ease* (do matter what cause): positively safe aad
1 rure; no aanger or after effects: taken In time I:
•Iso acts as a preventive: pried $1 60 per box;
j cent tree by mail on receipt ui wiea. W ALLKa
BROS.. S3 Grant ave.
T ADIES—
11ENARD LATINO WAFERS.
An infallible cure. For further parttcu'ars and
explanatory letter, send 2 cents to Pacific Coa»t
I Agency, Renard Medical Co.. SXS fcprecfcel* build-
; ing, 9-7 Market St.. Francisco.
— — — — — — — — — — — _ — — — __ ____
DK. AND MRS. WKGENER. 626 EDDY ST.:
private borne; every comfort: separate rooms
■ before and auring confinement: female complaints
1 skillfully treated; regular physician ; quick relief
for travelers; lest care: terms moderate: babies
1 adopted In good families: consultation free; pills $2.
i , .
j T ADIES, CHICHESTER'B ENGLISH PENNY-
; XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
! liable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
I Jars, "Relief lor Ladies," In letter by return mall;
: at druggist's. Chlchester Cbem. Co.. Philadelphia
DK'J. GOODWIN SPECIALISTS, LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients; best skill,
free diagnosis: low fees; self-cure. 401 Van Ness
A LPEAU FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
-1 XV dies with female troubles; no danger; safaand
sore; $2 60exiTe*s C. O. D. : don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BKO-*.. Coast Agents, OaKland-.C.u.
\ fcURK CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS-
XV eases from whatever causa; a home In con-
, finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 226 Tur* at.
j > I.L FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DIS-
I XV ease* of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
; DR. SCOTT'S, -110 Geary st ; consultation free.
I — — .
j "TVU PRAK'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
XJ safe and efficient eminenagogue: $1 per box.
IUCH AKDS 4 CO..druggists. 406 Clay Bt.,soleagts,
MAGNETIC TREATMENTS. 10 to 11
X a. M. DU. ST. CLAIR, otHce, 225 Geary sL
N^URPAtbED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
L- troubles, diseases. MRS. PUETZ, 254i, a 4th.
1 \K HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. Ki.Aii
XJ Jones. Diseases or women ana children.
FOB SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
SOLITAIRE DIAMOND RING FOR »35;
O worth $65 Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
MIST SELL FOR $600, ONE 25-HORSE KV
sine, boiler and hoist, and one 50-horse engine
and;bol.er; perfect condition; a bargain. 175 Noe,
HtQn AEBMOTEE WINDMILL AND 2000-
-iipO\J. gallon tank, In good condition, together
with galvanized piping, for sale. Apply of the
owner, £824 Nineteenth st.
pLAT FOR SALE IN MOUNTAIN VIEW
-L Cemetery, cheap. W., Call Office, Oakland.
pHOTO LENSES, CHEMICALS, FRAMES;
X developing and printing done cheap. 708 Turk.
piIEAP— TWO-THIRDS ST. BERNARD DOG;
\J gocd watchdog. Apply 516 'laird st.
CO /• DOMESTIC SEWING MACHINE IN
»4plU. goad order. 1915 Mission St., bet. Fif-
Ucnth and sixteenth.
T AIHES, PLANERS,' SHAPKRS, DRILL
J * presses and gas engines; second hand. Ameri-
can Iron Works, 615 Sixth st.
Soda FOUNTAIN, 993: COST $.00: CREAM
separator (No. 2 baby): use only 4 months;
*80: cost $150 new. 158 cecond St., 8. F. £
IpiNE NEWFOUNDLAND DOG: YOUNG:
' thorough watch dog. Apply PUILLIPE, 514
Bush St. . . . .
1 AUNCH FOR SALE: 26 FEET, 6% BEAM;
XJ cabin; 6 horsepower; $900; new. L., box 41,
can cfllce. .
RAMBLER BICYCLE FOR SALE; IN GOOD
.11 order; price $12. Potter Machine Works, 114
Mrst su ; • ' - -
FINE SKAIi-:-KIN JACKET FOR $100, COST
«"J."iO. Uncle -iuirls, 16 Grant ave.
OR SALE— CARPENTERS, ATTENTION—
J A well-established business, with machinery,
| in the best part of city; smalt capital required.
; Address 167 Ninth s'.
GRAVEL FOR SALE; CARLOAD - LVi S,
VJ FRAN K ROSE. Nile*
: : — — __ ! —
SAFES— NKW AND Ij-H AND. 609
Market su .
BICYCLES, NEW. HIGH GRADES, $45: BIG
bargains In second-hands. Waver'.ey Retail,
216 McAllister su Wholesa e, 61 First s:"
6 -FOOT PORCELAIN BATHTUBS $10 EACH;
in perfect order. H. S. WHJTH, 516 Mission.
"VTEW CASH-REGISTERS FOR HALE OR TO
i-)> rent. MAGUIRK, 130 Sansoioo St., room 9.
|JOILERS.KNGINES,.'I>HANLiMACmXERI.'
I XJ water-pipes. Mclntosh A Wolpman. 1:17 r.fal*
IiMNE BLACK SUIT; $12 50. MISFITCLOfH-
J ing parlors. 613 Montgomer/ s:.
1 __-—--______-___________-____--—--_------—----_-__—--_----——-———__
COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRES.%
VJ stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. . 102 Clay.
BARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
Ing, etc, bought and sold. 1068 Mission, nr. 7th.
LAI.GE DOUBLE COM-'AKI - COl^f
bank safe; cheap, b Mission St.
BARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
D case*, counters, linoleum, efflce furniture,
(tore and office furniture and fixtures, new and
; second hand. J. St. US AS, 1017-luia-loi'l-102i
i Mission St., above Sixth.- -■ ■• ■-■-• . . -.
I \TE\V ELMWOOD RANGES ARK THE BEST.
i\ W. K. RAY MFG. CO. 12 California su
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LAP.GE-SIZS
tire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market »i,
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW.
■ .. . - ... ' '.
ADVICE FRKE;' DIVORCE LAWS A SPEC-
laity: private; no fee without success: probate,
insolvency, wills, collections, bills. of sale,- deeds,
damages, etc. ; private detectives; estab. 10 years.
O. W. HOWE, 850 Market St. comer Stockton, st.
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS suc-
XX. cessful, < W. W. Davidson. «27.MarSets»
RW. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CH RON
. icU building; advice tiee: low ■: nil ease.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS. ' :
[ f OH» K. RICH AKD3, LAW Oi'FJCJ-sTilOOlii
v 26 and 27, Crocker '""'"'">; - Melvvueut UMM
i 56. fc*m i -ifcuciscv, C*-,
1314
HOUSES TO LET.
<Z* Af\ 2612 HOWARD. 12 ROOMS, BATH,
«mTV». large yard and garden. \.' " -,«
930—701 rthotweil, corner Twenty- first, 10
rooms, bath.
$18—16 Lafayette, 6 rooms.
■16—1001 Minna, near Eleventh, 6 room*, batn.
$16—2134 Union, 5 rooms, bath.
915—4226 Ninete nth, near Diamond, 6 rooms.
$15— 8-'O Kith.li ave., 5 rooms, bath. . t J.V
$14—1232 York, cottage, 4 rooms and bath,
For a list, any part ol town at reasonable rents,
call on
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
ffi»Q'' FINK HOUSE. light ROOMS and
«J)ZO. bath, good order. 318 Hill St.. nr. Castro.
Of Ofi WATKR FREE; ELEGANT HOUSE.
s>.iU. 8 rooms; all the latest improvements:
frescoing, etc. 815 Golden Gate ave.
A C UNTt-Y HOME IN THE CITY; HOUSE
A of 10 rooms, large grounds, stable, tc ; rent
reasonable to onsio..- tenant: no wind or fos.
Corner South Broderick st. and Buena Vista ave.
C? UN NY 10-KOOM HOCSK: MODKKN IM-
-0 provements; low rent. 3522 Nineteenth st.
/mi 4 TO LET. CHKAP-A t-BOOM HOUSE
Jyi.'i.and basetnenu 1145 Folsom su, bet.
Seventh and tlghih.
1 BOOMS AND KITCHEN; FIRST FLOOR.
4 '28 1 Na:omast., near Fourth.
nr,,A WASHINGTON— 7 ROOMS; BATH:
J.%)\JO flrst-dass condition: iocation. large gar-
den.
HOUBKS TO RKNT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN A HOW ELL 1 * 10
Montgomery st. ■
1 OO; BUSH — SUNNY HOUSE: 9 BOOMS;
J £iS\J yard: rent reasonable to a good tenant.
FIKMSHEI) HOUSES.
MODERN WELL- FURNISHED CORNER
house: Presidio Heights; sun In all rooms:
fine marine view. -Jl2o Central av. call 3tosp. M.
1 ÜBMSHiSI> FLATS.
SAN RAFAEL— 6O FURNISHED HOUSES;
rents rfduced. OKO. P. SHEARER & CO., ban
Rafael, opposite broad-gauge depot: open Sunday*
COTTAGES TO LET.
fTNICE~4^B*OOM COTTAGES, LARGE BASE-
— ment ana yard; reni $9. Harry place, Laguna,
between Filbert and Greenwich sis
GfQ &H COTTAGE: 18% PKOSPtI T AVE.
«*J)O.OU. Knqnlns grocery, corner Powell ave.,
bet. 1 wenty-sevenlh »nd Twenty-eighth sis.
._> SUNNY ROOMS; YARD: BASEMENT;
• ) cheap to small family. l-'S V* Folsom 5..,
near -Ninth. ■£-,
q. -I A A.\DsB 50; 2 COTTAGES: 11 RUSSELL
5? 1 U 8 :. 3 I -'}• st., off Clay, near Mason.
UNNY COi^NKR COITAGI, 5 R.. BATH,
0 large yard; low rent. Corner Capp and
Twenty-third.
C» 1 I BAY-WINDOW CoTTAGK; 5 ROOMS
Jil"!. and b»th: gas. 4133 Eighteenth s:., bet.
Castro and Collingwocd,
VEW; 4 KOvjMS; 914; OR WILL SKI. L ON
i> easy terms. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mar-
ket st. '
if SUNNY MODKRN 4 AND 5 ROOM COT-
£i tages: rent very reasonable. 800b Webster.
TO LET- cottage 5 ROOMS and BATH:
1 rent 918. 449 Bryant St.
FLATS TO LET;
©•;*> \l\ 10.'6 VALENCIA ST.: 6 ROOMS
«*)Z.).»JI'. and bath.
922 50—2516 Mission St.: 6 rooms and bah.
$22 50— 123 Hermann St., cor. Elgin; b rooms
and oath.
931— .43 Valencia st.; 6 rooms and bath.
821— 517 Third st ; 5 rooms and Lath.
' if ;: o—s37 Howard si.: 6 rooms and uath.
*10— 30*i9 Seventeenth at.: 7 roums tml bath.
'■■ *2U-r-ia7 Thirteentusi.; 5 rooms and bath.
91M— 908 Ma.sou si.-. 6 rooms Mid bath.
• ;.sl».— l}& Hermann st. , near Valencia; 6 rooms
'and. bath.
.'jib— .633 Seventeenth si., near Dolores; 6
•rouni* and bath.
- $J8— .07 ■ econd st. 7 rooms.
: *lb— 1 Ibert su; choice; marine view; 6
rooms and bain.
$.b— . 64 Howard st. ; 5 rooms.
$1 <— 58 Tehama 81.; 6ro-ni-.
$17— O'Farrell »i.; 3r. urns and ba:h.
*16-loVa Me Lea court, off Ninth St., near Har-
ris .11; 5 rooms and bath.
$14— 11B Ijyrland St.; 5 rooms. Small flats all
over town.
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
4. .../i b LAKGK KOOMa: 2 STORY, WITH
#n^U. large yard and stable; 4144 Twenty- rifth
bl., near Castro.
$18—6 rooms: porcelain bath; 1417 Guerrero
EL, near Tweniy-slxih.
9:5 Lower flat: 141 1 Guerrero st, near Army
6 rooms: porcelain.
91 '-'A O'FAKHELL, NEAR BKODKRICK —
«- 1 Dl sunny side: large 5-room flat, wiin bath
and uth r modern conveniences: has two large
srpara.e rear rounu: rent reduced to $*0; muit
In: seen to be appreciated.
1 LA 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS: CELLAR;
-F 9V. *9 Rlngold st., near Ninth and Fo.som.
pAKELY BEAUTIFUL; NW COR. SUTTE!I
XL an 1 sen t st.v: 6 bi^ rooms; $-7 60; water
free; appreciated if seen. Key "3uO sutler st ,
cor. Scou.
LTPPEK FLATS SUNNY KOullS AND BATH :
U rent $-0. 7 Pond st., intersection Market and
Mxleeuth.
V) EAT FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOM!?, 915: ALSO
IS sunny cottage, $11. Key 6-3 becond si.
17<RENCH FLAT 4 ROOMS, WASHTIBB
S- and baib. 3554 1 -nty-th.rJ st, nr. Guerrero.
PI.AT 5 ROOMS: ALMOST NEW; ALL MOD-
X ern Improvements; yard and cellar. 223
Fourteentii »U
<Bl* •'-> £\i\ FOR ADULT.S 4 COMFORTABLE
«Ip— — ■ .OU. rooms, o.tii; 2 leds; 2 stoves: gas
and coal. 1917 i.ear at.
ELEGANT 3- BAY- WINDOW CORNER
fiat; 7 rooms. 654 Church at., near Mission
High School.
SUNNY. MODERN: 7 LARGE .KOOMS: DIN-
-0 ing-rooin; fine view. 720 Oak. near Fillmore.
VEW FLAT OF 7 SUN-NY ROOM* AND
i.l bath: modern luiprovenie:. ts. 3405 Twen-
tieth St., bet. iloward am Ct|.p.
2 SUNNY, 6-ROOM FIATS: rent 9-'6. 610
Schrad r St., near HaiKht, Golden Gate Park.
Q> ] 9 SUNNY FLAT: 3 ROOMS, BATH AND
J *£. basement: marine view. lil Cherry st-,
let- Washington a: d Jackson.
To LET— FLAT OF 5 ROOMS AND ALL
modern conveniences: rent 922. 613 Broderick.
BEAUTIFUL SUNNY FLAT: 8 ROOMS AND
-D bata. 3.3 Van Ness ave., cor. Fmton iU -
1 790 FILLMOKK — VERY SUNNY; 6
J- • «-v/ rooms: all modern: large yard; cars.
ffljiy 14--5y 2 SACRaMKNTO ST.. NEAR
V'«'' Hyde; o rooms and bath; nice yard.
MODKRN-Bl ILT FLAT; t RoOMS AND
bath; sun all day. 919 » app st.
090 OAK, NEAR PARK— 3- ROOM FLAT;
VZi\J $9; nice order.
r99 WALLER ST., BETWEEN STISINER
O&jU and Pierce— 6 rooms and bath.
•VTEWLY FCKNISHED FLAT: 5 ROOMS;
li piano, sewing machine. 2105 Lombard st.
1 7 ; A IIYDK— UPPER FLAT; 7 CHOICE
J I IU sunny rooms; modern; garden: 927 50.
Of 1 9 FLAT OF 3 LARGK ROOMS; LARGE
-!■•—• yard. 314^4 Eleventh su, near Howard.
$> 1 A APPRECIATED IF SEEN: 6 ROOM-;
tlplU. modern improvements; water free. 606
hot well st. . ... '
(J. 1 O UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
0J O. 1 6-!5Vi: Pine st , above Van Ness Hve.
AH BTUS-KOOJI CoTi AGES AND FLATS 96
rt\) to $12. »PEt K <fc CO., 602 Market st. "
LATS TO LKT FOR VKK* LITTLE
T money at BALDWIN A UuWKIL'B, 10 Mont-
gomery SL.
1 7(\(i POST— 3, 4 AND 6 ROOM FLATB:
J i UU baths: garden; rant $15.
O'-l r LOWER FLAT; 543 CASTRO, NEAR
iff XO. 19th; 5 rooms: porcelain Oath.
('HEAP J3ODIiH.» FLATS,- 5 AND .0
\ rooms. 9Kt<> $16: <-.»» irn-m. <«-vonih at.
' HOUSEKEEPINU KOOMS.
iiush Street.
Q9Q BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
C"— V sunny alcove for couple or gentlemen: gas;
bath; housekeeping privilege*.
Buena Y isla Avenue.
.1 ' BUENA VISTA AVK— 2 LARGE SUNNY
■1.0 furnished housekeeping rooms; ga»; bath.
i.uUy Street.
19 A EDDY— NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
x— " keeping rooms. '
(|1 C KDDV— 2 OK 3 UNFURNISHED OK
OX.O furnished rooms; private family.
Eighth Street.
11 9 EIGHTH- 4 1 ISHKI) ROOMS FOB
1 J X- boniekeepln;.
l-lli* Street.
CO9KLLIB-4 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
*JO4* rooms and bath.
HOUSEKEEPINO ROOMS — Continued.
Eleventh Streeet.
99 ELEVENTH — 2 FRONT . FURNISHED
._.»- rooms for light housekeeping.
Essex Street.
BEB«KX— 3 OR 4 ROOMS FUKNISHED AND
large yard.
11l ill • ie«..
irk? FIFTH-PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUB-
iUI nished rooms to let. r :■ ;.
Ol .4 FIFTH — SUNNY FRONT BEDROOM
Ola and kitchen; bath; no children; private:
911. ■•
DOO FIFTH— TWO LAIGK ROOMS FUR-
. )__ nlsned for housekeeping; rent cheap.
3.»r FIFTH— FURNISHED HOUBE-
O-O keeping; 2, $10; 3, $14: 1. 97.
1 ol aom Street.
f>Al FOLSOM, NR. SECOND— CONNECTING
U'ii housekeeping rooms: hot and cold water:
stationary wasbtubs; yard, also sinsle iront room.
8 7Q FOLSOM. NR. FIFTH— LARGE FRONT
010 room furnished for housekeeping; $8 mo.
1""Jl FOLSOM — BAY-WINDOW ROOMS, 2
'11 or 4, complete; $10 up; children taken;
yard.
Golden Gate Avenue. ■
1 f).-;Q GOLDEN GATE AVE. — UNFUR-
-I\'<)O nished bay-window front room; light
housekeeping.
drove Street.
19Q GROVE — 2 CONNECTING SUNNY
1 — housekeeping rooms.
Howard Street.
C99 HOWARD— UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
«J— -» keeping rooms; 92 to 910 month: water
free.
71 A HOWARD— LARGE FRONT ROOM FOB
i I *1 light housekeeping; also single.
Q I c HOWARD— COMPLETELY FURNISH.-
- •' I• ) ed sunny housekeeping room: also others ;
cheap.
) 1 At) HOWARD— 2 FRONT BUNNY CON-
I lii. necting furnished housekeeping rooms;
range; rent, $10 10 $12 50.
9OOfi HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOMS
— V/v'P for light houseKpg; gas; private family
Jackson Street.
on 1 A JACKSON —in Elegant resi-
t)U I V dence: 2 furnished, i.B; 3 furnished, $15;
1 partially furnished, $7. C; -
i>ettate Mreec.
37Q JESSIE, OPP. METROPOLITAN TEM-
010 pie; 2 rooms complete for housekeeping;
only $10.
A Z\± JE>SIE - SUNNY ROOMS; PRIVATE
~it)"i family: no children; moderate; man and
wife: use kitchen.
Lafayette Street.
Oil LAFAYETTE, BET. 11TH AND 12TH—
€)!•£ 2 large rooms for housekeeping; rent $7.
i-kikin > reo..
OOP LARKIN— ELKGANT SUNNY HOUSE-
»)— U keeping apartments; first floor; central;
bath.
« 9Q LAUKIN ST. — SUNNY FURNISHED
*t^.«/ rooms for housekeeping; also single; rent
low.
.Market Street.
90QQ MARKET— 7~OR 3 HANDSOMELY
— yj'JO furnished sunny rooms for housekeeping.
ftllnna Street
4(> MINNA — FURNISH BOOMS FOR
Oil) housekeeping; large yard.
Mission Street.
Q9l MISSION — LARGE, SUNNY SUIT COM-
{ O— l plete for housekeeping; 910.
Q-(i MISSION—-' CONVENIENT HOUSE-
•'•' keeping rooms, modernly furnished; also
o.bers.
Q. -Q MISSION-PLEASANT SUNNY HOUbE-
OUO keeping rooms.
EA-T LYNN, 1063 MISSION _ ELEGANT
front suite; other rooms; gus; 96 up
I O'V» MISSION — FitONT BAY-WINDOW
Ivi )'i suite, furnished for housekeeping; single
II I Q MISSION — NICK L FURNISHED
llltJ rooms from 95 up per mouth.
; "1 A OO MISSION— FRONT SUITE OF ROOMS;
! -L"i«->O nay- window; grate: running water;
I kitchen It desired; single rooms.
— — — _
to tn a .-tire..
rc C NATOMA— 2 SUITES HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms 98 and $10: yard.
|M- NATOMA — 3 StntHll FUKNISHED
')tO rooms complete tor housekeeping; low
rent.
Isinih Street.
I 9"| NINTH-FUKNI-HED FRONT PAY-WIN-
' — 1 doiv; light housekeeping; running water;
: other rooms.
I I I Q NINTH— NICELY FURNISHhD BAY-
:1 1 V window suite for housekeeping; folding-
: bed: no dogs; apply middle flat.
> >>«• Street.
1 90 NOE, BIJoCK NORTH MARKET— FUR-
I ZO nlsh-d forhouseKeeping, 2 loveiy hay-win-
dow looms in modern fiat; rent very low to nice
couple.
" Norfolk Street.
(?Q NORFOLK ST., NEAR FOL«OM AND
UO Eleven' h— 2 rooms (separate building), fur-
nihhul compie.e for housekeeping: sink, wash-
room and awe yard: ■-'.'.
Oak Street.
jO OAK — UNFURNISHED DOUBLE PAR-
-1O lors; first floor; Kink, place for s oves; cheap.
1 v *-.k Mreei.
nrr POLK— MCE SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
111 rooms; alo single; leut cheap.
1 owed Mreai.
Ql A POWELL, NK. C^AY— ROOMS UN-
O L't furnished for housekeeping; top floor.
beventh Street,.
"I Op SEVENTH— 2 . LARGE FRONT ROOMS
IOU for housekeeping; yard.
"] JO i-KVKNTH (GIP.ARD)— SUITE" AND
1 "'•*- kitchens single i< 0111 m- wly renovated
south Park.
If* SOUTH PARK— 2 OR 3 WELL FUR-
JLU nished sunny housekeeping rooms; also
single,
Mui-kinn street.
170 BTOCKTON-2 CONNECTING ROOMS
X. I \JO furnished complete for housekeeping;
yard; cheap.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NR. MARKET— I OR 2 LARGE
front rooms; housekeeping if desired.
I 1 9C TENTH— LARGE WELL- FUKNISHED
I 1 —•' room; grate, gas and bath: $0.
.. , lan >«•>.• Avenne.
1 091 VAN NESS AVE., NR. GEARY-3
M'— I sonny furnished rooms; gas; range; com-
I plete: $£0.
Valencia Street
1 94.0 VALENCIA — 2 SUNNY HOUSE-
X.£.^l\) keeping rooms: rent $7.
ROOMS TO LET.
A very Street.
6; AVERY, OFF 'JEARY, NR. FILLMORE—
Very p. easant front bedroom to let to a lady
who will take care of room herself, except wash-
ing : very reasonable.
Bryant Avenue.
971 Q BRYANT AVE.. NEAR TWENTY-
«- I X<J fifth— Lovely furnished loom-.; sunny
near school; $12. '
I. in liana,, Street.
1 "S9^ BUCHANAN (RKAR)_B ROOMS, UN-
XO^iO furnlsued; r«ni 97. '
Lush street
QOft BUSH. NEAR JONES-8 ROOMS, EN
OO\J suite or single, furnished or unfurnished.
I »>0 ~i BU.ill —SINGLE FRONT ROOM
XZ.V/U furnished, private family, 9&.
California Street.
7AQ CALIFORNIA — FURNISHED ROOMS-
-1 V/D sunny; bay view: bath and gas; rent from
94 up.
Central Avenue.
491 CENTRAL AVE., NEAR HAYES—
" — I Nicely furr lshed sunny front room; with
or without board: reasonable. "; y *.~
i.«Uly Street.
f*-l A EDDY— FURNISHED LARGE FRONT
«'« bay-window and large sunny back room:
also single
THE SAN FRAISrCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
BOOMS TO LET- Continued. "
""•~*~ t ■■■- ~.^..~»~.-.^..^,
- Eighth Street. - :
C HERMAN APARTMENT HOT7HE. 38 lITH
0 hi., near Market: lornished and unfurnished.
01 A EIGHTH. NKAR FoLSOM-3 LARGifi
OXV/ rooms; rent 910.
X-Uia street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— INT ANDES-
cent lights; reading-room, smoking-room and
ladies' parlor; rooms per 'night, 35c to $160:
week, 92 to 98; month, f 8 to 930; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROYAL KAGLK, OPP. BALDWIN— NEWLY
furnished suites: single; elevator, heaters, etc.
/•I f» ELLIS— SUNNY BASEMENT; FOUR
UIU rooms.
Fell Street. ; i
A1 A I FELL— SUNNY DOUBLE BOOMS,
nt I "I-: with kitchen; suitable for 2: furnished;
quiet place; cheap.
'■nil street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth st., cor. Mission: rooms
60c, 75c and 91 per night: $2 to 95 per week.
djji A WEEK: LAKGE SUNNY, FURNISHED
V- 1 room: closet; bath; private. 314 Fifth
ic.ln.oin stretiu
KKPA FOLSOM — 2 NICE, LARGE FURN-
I UU2 lshed rooim to let, 97.
fourth Street. I
OOr FOURTH— NICE FRONT ROOM, SUIT-
— — O able lor '£; 98 per month.
1 "lion Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY
furnished rm.-; single or en suite: 98 * $16 up.
MHy Street.
Q1 C GEARY— » NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
''!•» nenlv renovated; gentlemen preferred:
rent moderate.
Golden Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDkN GAIK AVE. — 4 BUN«Y
— X t/ double and single rooms, cheap.
Howard Street.
900 OR - HOWARD AND ELEVENTH—
J~\J\J Newly furnished rooms; gents only.
Q,JX HOWARD— SUNNY back parlor,
V-±*J furnished for 2; bath.
UCQ HOWARD — BKsT BOOMS IN THE
«/O«7 city for the least money; open all nlßlit.
n'iQ HOWARD— CLEAN, QUIKT SUNNY
-Ll- O rooms; folding bed; closets; 96 up.
.i»ni.« street.
CA' JONES-PLEASANT SUNNY SUITE;
U\JO with kitchen or without.
iit-iti-ny Street.
*A KLINGTON HOU^K. 127 KEARNY —
A Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect: terms reasonable.
i-arkin Street.
C Aft LA REIN — SUNNY CORNER FUR-
O\JyJ nlsheu front room.
2-H.llPt SllßDl,
"\7"OBEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
1 night, 3&c to 91: week, $1 50 10 $5: families.
1 t()Q MARKET— SU N Y ROOMS. FUR-
-1 *J\)O nished or unfurnished, suitable offices.
lii'Auiiier Street.
A(\Q MCALLISTER— LARGE FURNISHED
ttUO hall room: reasonable-
J. Jl.ll , - : r«>..
ylO-l MINNA, NEAR SIXTH— NICELY FUR-
IOI ntshed sunny front rooms, lsb to $9 month;
hot bath-.
AQQ MINNA — 2 single furnished
iO» rooms; (4 a m .nth.
Cjrol' MINNA— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
UOtJit rooms; private family ; rent reasonable.
/>r<7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEW FUK-
-00 I nished bay-window room; $1 per week.
I _ _
■.1-i.K.- Mreo..
GOC) MISSION— NICK LY FURNISHED SUN-
DOi ny rooms: aquiet place; prices reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSc, iM MUMUMT; f*KLECT
iamlly roomlng-huuse: »1 50 to $($ per week.
"I JiC -J MI SION — NEWLY FURNISHED
X.\i*JX, rooms with gas: opp. new Postoffice lot.
>»iuni.| Street.
Q-J NATOMA, COB. SECOND— « UNNY FUR-
OX ni.siied roomi: $1 per week and up; single
and duubie ro . nis; clean, quiet p'ace.
Oak Street.
9/17 OAK— SMALL FRONT ROOM, NEATLY
fctl furnished, 94. " •■■-. -
1 in.. Street.
OQ PINK— SUNNY CONNECTING BOOMS,
UV/ty furnishe<l orunfurn shed; suitable for gen-
tlemen or house keeping; rei.l $10.
/'»> 1 PINK— ROOMS F B (.ENTLK M KN; 95
I "'— 1 up; running Later; suu.iy, quiet, respect-
able.
nir PlNfc - FURNISHED Oil I NKUR.
O*i«J nisheJ rooms; uas and bath; reasonable.
iolK streo..
1 7 POLK— FRONT SUNNY ROOMS FOR 1 OR
1 • 2 gentlemen; also single; (1 up.
1 ost Street.
RANIOLPH HOUSE, POST AND MASON
XV stS;,— 50 • ay-wi. dow parlors: smaller rooms:
gas, running water, etc. : (1 60 to $4 per week.
POST— ELEGANT FURNISH I- D ROOMS,
U— — bath, hot and cold water. 48; sunn, suites.
TOO p OST— 2 KOOM- (PARLOR FLOOR)
I \J\J for man and wifp or KPnti.Tm.n-. hot and
cold water; bath; private family; 910 and $15.
-/|Qa POST — 2 TO 4 UNFURNISHED
I V>O rooms.
i oweM Streec.
190 POWELL — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
1 — O room; suitable for doctor's office; or pri-
vate.
Kan Carlos Avenue.
I CI SAN CARLO«, NEAR NINETEENTH—
1 01. sunny furnished froj.t room: closet: cheap.
.• 11. ll Si roe..
C)n SIXTH — (CHANGED HANDS) FURN-
<uU isbed rooms, suite or single; thoroughly reno-
vated.
Q'_> SIXTH— IiILLf*DALE— QUIET, SUN-
-00 i.y single rooms: tianslents solicited.
THE PIEDMONT, 119a SIXTH— NICK SUN-
ny rooms: modern conveniences.
Stevenson Street.
£1 "I STEVENSON— SINGLE AND DOUBLE
Oil rooms: private family; house newly occu-
pied; cheap rent.
Mock ton Place.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
nIshPd rooms. single, 91 60 to $3 per week;
suites, $4 to $9 per week; by the night, 60c to 92;
Lot and cold water, bath and elevator.
Taylor Street.
1 Oft TAYLOK— NICELY FURNISHED STJN-
Iv/O ny front room; also back parlor.
I /iQ TAYLOR— LARGE ROOMs>; $1 76 SUN-
-I\)V ny single; 91 25 and 91 60 week.
1, c TAYLOR— handsome room, with
I O folding bed, $10; also suite, reasonable.
i ehaina Street.
A 1 Cl TKHAMA, NEAR FIFTH — NICELY
I 1 O\t f rn: <i:er. large front room, suitable for
one or two young men.
Third Street.
I I 7. TH I R D (IMPERIAL) — FURNISHED
1 I rooms; .suite or single; also housekeeping; .
transient.
Turk Street.
KAO TURK-RUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
O^O folding-bed; running water; grate, gas and
bath; $10.
l»fc«l)iineoui,
ELEGANT FURNISHED ROOMS, WITH OR
J without board, near Moron Station, Alameda.
Address A. it., box 126, call.
VT CELY FURM-*H 1> SITTING-ROOM:
small bedroom; us: of kitchen; $7 month. G*
U. H.. box 21. cull. . .- . ; . .- :
OFFICES 'TO LET.
SI'RECKKLS BUILDING, 927 MAKKF.TST.;
light, p easant offices; cbeup. ASH TON A
GABDINEi:, room 210. or at 411 Montgomery.
"VTICK FURNISHED OFFICE FOR DOCTOR
Xi or dentist to let. 1148 Sutler st.
STORAGE.
"DEDUCKD RATES, FURNITUME. PIANOS.
it househoia goods, etc. J. M. PiEBCE, 786 itku
J BOARDING I AND BOOMS. : "^\l:.
nENTLEMAN TO ROOM AND BOARD:
"' pleasant summer location: private family;
home comfort*. Call corner Bray avenue and Old
County Road, Frultvale, Alameda County.
(|QC GEARY-SINGLE ROOM WITH BOARD,
000 930; for two from $50.
RflO VAN NESS-NICELY FURNISHED
UU4j parlor suite: also stogie; board optional.
UNNY FURNISHED ROOMS WITH BOARD;
0 private family. 2124 Howar c st.
1 OARD AND ROOM FOR 'J YOUNG MEN
J • in private family; half a block from the Mint.
Address A., box 85, Call Office.
BOARI>, WITH OR WITHOUT ROOM; HOME
German cooking; 95 a week. 625 Valencia su
HOTEL BKRTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
- hotel: refer nces; all -modern conveniences;
Ralston tables, If desired; new management.
C()Q VAN NESS A NEWLY FUB-
«~>vu uished tunny rooms or suite, with board.
71 i} POST— 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS. WITH
1X 4j ucarJ.for 2;918 up; use parlor and piano.
41 9 EDDY— FUUNISHE.. "MALL ROOM,
X£■ with board : 920 a mouth.
XTOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 MARKET— NOW
XX open under new management; has been ar-
tistically tinted, papered and elegantly furnished
throughout; hot and cold water in every room ;
elevators and every modern convenience; parties
now can have choice 01 carpets and furniture; the
table, under the supervision of Kowaskle. the
well-known French chef, will be unsurpassed.
UIILI)Kh> HOAIUIKD.
GERMAN LADY WANTS TO BOARD A
vj baby; age 1 week up; terms reasonable: best
references as nurse, M US. WEGNER, 1240 Va-
lencia st., upstairs.
GOOD HOME FOR 2 oR 8 CHILDREN;
French family. 1236 Park ave., Alameaa
narrow-gauge, Park-st. station.
BABY-BOY TO BOARD F.Y COUPLE WITH-
out children. 1816a Valencia st. •
pLEASA NT HOME FOR CHILD, NOT UNDER
X 4 years of age, at 1727 McAllister si.
;• ; STORES TO LET.
STORE. WITH FIXTLRI-S, LIVING-ROOMS
0 «n-i cellar. 3552 Twenty-third st., next to cor- ;
ner of Guerrero.
TORE, CORNER GUERRERO AND TWEN-
ty-third sts. : rement basement; good location
lor druggist or other business.
V*7fi ELLIS— STORK TO i.ET; RENT $15.
— •»-" Apply next door, WILLIAM MLND,
Watchmaker. • /. '..'.
STORE AND 3 ROOMS: WATER FREE. 456
0 Sixth st.
<SJU STORE, WITH STABLE ATTACHED;
tJiU. sui able for fruit or produce; opposite de-
pot, Twenty st.
TORE WITH 2 ROOMS; RENT CHhAP.
118 Fillmore.
|J>;O GEARY— NICE STORE WITH ROOMS;
')^_ downtown; $25.
1 I O 1 X HOWARD— STORE AND 2 ROOMS;
XI OX good location; cheap rent.
810 STORK WITH ROOMS. 613 HaIGHT
sU; rent $'.5.
L'OR KENT— STORE SUITABLE FOR ORO-
T C«ry, bu'.cher or merchant. 1106 Kentucky su
AN RAFAEL— STOREi TO L".T; LOCA-
O tlons suitable for furniture and upholstery,
fruits and vegetables, oaudy and notions, (ill).
D. MIEARKR A CO., Real r sta e Agents, San
Rafael : opposite broadgauge depot; open Sundays.
"I ARGE STORK, 2 SHoW WINDOWS AND
1 J 4 larz* rooms; rent on'y $22 I 0 422 Sixth.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARK YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
XX. We sell them for $.i, $4, $5. $6, $7, $8, $10
per month; also for cash: the best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the same monthly
paym- nts will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY A Co., cor. Kearny and Sutler sts.. Stein-
way dealers.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
XV. house west of Chicago Is* KOULER <fc
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, o( all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A CTU.-.LLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anos; monthly payments from *5 op: deliv-
ered free with stool and cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPKNCK R COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market »l, opp. Mwoa; eatao
llshed over 20 years.
ON A FIDK RKDUCTIOX IV PRICES-
Halnes. Knabe, Bush & Gerta and others; sec-
ona-band pianos from $100 up. W. C HAMIL-
TON. successor to a. L. Bancroft <£ Co., 324 Post.
4 DMINISTRATOR'S SALE— MUST BKLL;
i A pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
installments. EATON fcSTATK, 736 Market st.
HAW, STEIN Wa\, »250; CHKKKRING.
0 $185; bargains, $4 a month: a nice »mall up-
right, *95. HEINE, 136 Ellis su
"V: EARLY NEW BABY GRAND BTBINWAY;
■li grea: bargain. 1021 Van Ness ave.
"U< I NE-TONKD UPi'.IGHT PIANO; NO DEAL-
-T ers; cash. 125 Tenth si.
BARGAIN CAN BE HAD AT MAUVAIS', 769
Market at.: agency Decker A Son's pianos.
<Bi9'Vl UPRIGHT PIANO (DECKER
«JS~UU . Bro».'); cost $500. Apply 835 Pino St.
RAKE CHANCE: GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernlaßank
BARGAIN. $76; KRARD. FISCHER AND
other uprights. HORNUNG's, 216 Post su
Cjl T"\ NKW UPRIGHT, STOOL. SI ARK;
«iPJ- • «-*• warranted 5 yrs. BRUENN'B, 228 Post.
AT bUtK.«A.\, CLAY A CO. ONLY WILL
you find a stock of new >teinway pianos.
.Vy <>. BAUUEII. 6>Oi,E A'-JiNTFOKHALLKT
" .A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 41 bacta
BYRON MAI'SY, SOS Pi sT M.-i>OHMIiH
XJ N ewbr A Kvans, f.nn* and other pianos.
QUPKRIOU VIOLINS. zithkks, OLD A NEW
OH. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 lAt bam place.
» m KKK S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TJiB
weekly CALL, to wrapper, for mailing
DENTISTS.
VAN VRuOM A CO.'S ELECTRO- DENTaL
t l'ailori. 997 Market su : lady attendant; no gas
or other dangerous :tn»sthetlcs given; electric. ty
the gr^at agent used to relieve palu: teeth tilled
» il extracted painlessly by our new electrical
process: a written guarantee given with a:: work !
done; lowest prices: best work; all surgical work
attended by U. W. Williamson, M.D., p.iysiclun
and surgeon: examination free by the ui-e of our
new ricruiical appliances: porcelain and gold
crowns: bridge-work and teeth without plates a
specialty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market st.
pROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
V,' ket, let. 3d and 4th: gats specialists: painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates, 97 up; fill, $1 up.
FULL SKT OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5
years: painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 yiars: nil Ings. 60c; crowns, 93 50.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth StreeU
$T FULL SET TEETH: BEST MAKE;
<JP • • kept l.i repair; extracting free; nTllngs.&Oo;
crowns. $3 60. Pacific Dental Parlors, 1* Third.
POSITIVELY PA IM LES.I EXTRACTION. DR.
X HARDlNu.eOOSuttercor.PoweU:tel.malns376
K. J. J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET bT. ; OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon; dentistry taught
COLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80 iIAR-
KJ ket st. DR. VUARLK.S W. DECKER.
|7A SET FOR TKK.TH — WARRANTED A3
C • good as can be made: tilling $1. DR sIMMA
dentist. 930 Market su. next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. BOo; CROWN
X orldge work a specialty: plates $6 op: 15ye»rf
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST, NB.
XJ Eleventh; no charge for extracting wnea
plates are made, old plates mad* over like new;
teeth from 98 per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
SET or 'lKKiii \iiinuUi «ri.»it, ua.
VJ H. G. Young, 1841 Polk au .
DH. UKOitUK W. LEEK. THK UKNUINfE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extracUoa
and patentee of Improved bridge work or t*ei»
without any plate, moved from ttto 20 a FarreUu.
ALL WORK KKASONABLiC AND WaST
ranted. DR. J. V. itKY. 1320 Market sb
BICYCLES. ,
UrANTED-LADY'S OR GENT'S BICYCLE
" In exchange for course lu business college.
Address W. L. box 148, Call.
RKTIRING FROM BTJ-INK.-S: X COMPL TE
Xi/cyclery for sale: doing a good established busi-
ness. Call 1236 Folsom at.
ALMOST NEW 980 CRESCENT BICYCLE
- V for tale for 925. 461 Valencia st.; call fore-
noon.
TANDEMS./-96" PATTERN, GOOD A8 NEW,
X $70 and upward; bargains -in second - hand
wheels. Golden Rue Bazaar eye e department,
25 Weary st.
•; SEWING MA CHINKS.
SEWING MACHINES BOUGHT. • BOLD
O rented and repaired. 145 Sixth st. L a. COHKM (
person am.
tSe fined^benilTman. 38T"wh6 will
XV inherit a large fortune, desires acquaintance
with Protestant lady or widow of quiet tastes and
independent circumstances, fond of traveling;
cttrictiv confidential. Address DR. D. F., box 18,
Call Office.
EFINED OENTLKMAN, GOOD APPEaR-
a-ice, age 30, desires tbe acquaintance of a
lady witn means; 01 Ject matrimony; must be
lie.ivy set and temperate. Address R. G., box 152,
CaLl Office.
KNEViEVE— RECEIVED LETTER.
v^" - FARAWAY.
SUE— MEET TUESDAY, 8:30 P. M. CEN-
-0 tral ave. and California st. Answer, 10.
VI R. MUNN— WORK; CALL. DR. J.
CE. THOMAS— LEAVE PAPERS AT CALL
• Office. M. MKRGE.NS. • >
COLUMBIA BUILDING AND LOAN AS" -
ciatlou stock bought. Address A. F., box 48,
Call Office.
T\ETECTIVES FURNISHED ALL BRANCH-
XJ es legitimate work. Mullen's Agency, 20 Ellis.
THE LARGEST, THE BEST. THE QUICK-
eat, the neatest, the cheapest, the largest and
best bairdressint.' establishment on the coast: the
neatest and politest assistants and artists: the
quickest and cheapest service; hairdressine, any
style, is only 25c; switches run fiooi $1 to S3. G.
Li.DKRER, ill Stockton si.
rTHE ONLY SPECIFIC
X Baths In the world decomposing and removing
all mercurial or any m. neral. vege:abl? or animal
poisons from- the system; you irr them: DR.
I « SI i LKCrR "- MAO - NEIIC BATHS cure
f63|-BUcMIN M A : N h ST! en!C *""*' ™ D "°O™
OLESSIiD OIL,
XJ Every wheelman and horseman says that of
VII A tIL, and they know; cures sprains, bruise
lameness, soreness and stiffness; $1 bot.; 6, Si;
*10 gal.; charges prepaid. 1533 BUCHANAN BT.
T>BIVaTE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
X sonuby; 10 years' experience: all matters con-
fldentlal. G. R. WEBSTn-R, 223 Stevenson St.
WASTED-SMALL PET MALE DOG FOR
»T companion. E. J. WILLIAMS, 331 O'Farrell.
1 OOfl BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED. $1 50;
X\J\J\J wedding work. HILL, 221* Geary su
fTIHE GERMAN WIDOW WHO AN-
X swered gentleman's personal, Call office, Feb-
ruary 14. and appointed meeting In Chinese
bazaar. Emporium building, February 20, please
send P. O. addiess Z., box 58, Call Office.
DANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT
IRVINE'S, 421 Post St., Un.on Square Hall.
AG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDKR AND FOR
sale; also chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres:
dealer in carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth st., Oakland.
WANTED— GOLD FOR MANUr ACTUR-
» » me. O. NOLTE, jeweler, 222 O'Farrell st.
INFORMATION WANTED OF MARY HAL-
X LEY, daughter of CORNELIUS HALLEY
and KITTY LANE UALLKY; last hearJ of In
1875: then married husband In liquor or cafe
business, his name forgotten, by youngest daugh-
ter (Helen) of AUNT Ma RY HA LUCY. Ad-
dress MRS. RICHARD BURNS, 43 Greenwich
ave.. New York, N. Y.
UPILS— SPKCIAL RATES; HAIRDRESS-
Inf,- 25c. "Up-to-Uate" Hairdressing and Mani-
curing Parlors, 101.6 Market, over '•The Wonder."
RACIAL BLKMISUKS. WRINKLES, SMALL-
X pox plttinss and superfluous hair removed by
latest disc .very; sunken eyes and cheeks filled
out; baldness cured. MRS. E. KING, 624 Sutter.
DRUNK J-.NNESS— CURE- GUARANTEED;
6th year; book free. Gold Cure, >acramento,Cul.
ADVICE FRKK: DIVORCE LAW- A i«PEC-
laiiy. private; no fee without success, pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale 1
Carnages, etc. ; private detectives: estab. 10 years,
W.HOWE, ai-.y-at-law. »50 Market.cor.Stocktn
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTH CARS,
11K3. DR. FUNKK. 1416 Klghth su. Aiameda.
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
X tailoring; lowest prices. 21 Kearny, upstairs.
JOSEPH OBXVSa'H OPERA SCHOOL FUR-
-0 Dishes solos, duets, quartets or entire opera acts
for the protessioual stage, ami for oratorio, concert
or rhorch as well, on shortest notice. Murphy
building, Market and Jones, rooms 1/1 and li"2.
"pHEUMATISH CURKD OR MONEY KB-
XV funded: poor treated free. 305 Eddy st.
HAVE YOUR HOUSE PAINTED WITH Al
stock, no dope or fish oil: rooms papered 92
up whltenea,9lsoup: papered.grained, varnished,
95 up. AMBROSE <t SCHAAF, 1029 Kearny su
T3ELIABLE AND EFFICIENT DETECTIVE
XV service. Rcoms 19. 20 and 21, Chronicle bldg.
Vl ISB JESaIK AND LIZZIK KEEGAN.LATE
J.TJ with G. Lederer. expert hairdresser, ayelne
and bleaching ■ specialty. 124Vfc O'Farrell su,
phone Brown 353. • - ■ -
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS- Si
a week. N.Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny. upstairs
TWO RENOWNED ITALIAN REnTAU-
X rants combined: F. DKLMONTE & CO.. pro-
prietors of the old Buon Gusto Restaurant, 431
I I- roadway, have consolidated with MR. ANGELO
I DKLMONTE. proprietor of the celebrated Flor
d'ltalla at 430-4&2-434 Broadway, just, opposite.
HHUFSCHMIKT. SANITARY PLUMBER,
. gasUtter. 62S Golden Gate av. TeL,Butter47L
MAGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
-I'X chine; uses the klnetoscope llims; price re-
duced, $150 BACIGALI PI, 946 Market su
pIG OUTDOOR STERKOPTICON SHOW KVB-
i » ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
I»ARTINOTON 1 S SCHOOL OF MAUAZINB
and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine su; Illustration* :uxui«uea
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
IJUPTUBE AND J'lLliS LURED: NO PaY
XV nntlt cored: send for book. DM. MAMth
FIELD PORTKRKIELD 838 Market st
Ll-.CIRIO LIGHiS IN KVJUtY ROOM
XJ Winchester House. 44 Third au, nr. Market;
100 rooms, 250 to SI 60 per night; (1 60 to $6 par
week; tree bus and baggage to and irom the ferry.
CLOAKS, FUKS A.- ■• S»LJ 1 -> KKTAILKD At'
VV wholesale pric»«. I octorr. Jii hansome su
LOST.
I OST— NEAR FOOT OF MARKET ST. PACK-
XJ age of capers containing blue print map of
portion of Oakland an 1 package of letters ad-
dressed to Mr. French. Fimtnr please return to
W. G CURTIS, room -16, 4 Montgomery su \
LOST— PACKAGE ADDRI S. F. PF - FF
j 26 Tutk si. Pli dor please return to iiO; a
Pine st. and receive liberal reward.
j 1 ADY'S GOLD WATCH BKT. MASON AND
! '' Fillmore sis., on I'lne. Finder will (lease re-
I turn same to 2528 Pine st. ana receive reward.
LOST — LARGE NEWFOUNDLAND DOG;
J black and woolly. Keceive liberal reward b,-
returning to saloon, Seventh ana King sis. VIC-
TORIA BOTTINA.
LOST— TUKQUOI»E AND DIAMOND SCREW
tarrings; liberal reward. Return 112 Kearny
; st . room 23.
ON TUITRbOJ Y, APRIL 15, 1897, A SILVER
matchbox on Jtry ant-si, cars, or somewhere on
I Second st., bet. Market and Folsom. Finder re-
; turn to L. K. GREEN, 532 Market si, and re-
ceive reward.
j I OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBKRNIA
1 j Savings ana Loan Society of San Francisco In
th« name of MAYKEaaY or KATE KEANY,
No. 177599. The finder will please return to bank.
OST— SMALL SCOTCH COLLIE DOG. FE-
male; brown, with white markings. Finder
will receive liberal reward on re urn ing to 35 Dor-
land St., off Guerrero, bet. 17lh and 18lh.
LOST— WHITK ANGORA CAT; BLUE EYKB;
reward. 2115 Hyde st.
RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
l> St.: want ad« and subscriptions taken.
FOUND.
FOX TERRIKR; WHITE, BROWN AND
black ears; black spo: on left side; black spot
on root of tull; found in Me «b & smith's sta-
ble; owner can call for him there.
IGHT CHESTNUT HORSE, BRANDED 6.
J A. MILLS, Five-mile House, Mission road.
JPOUHD— PURSE: OWNKR PROVE PROP-
-1 er;y. 2017 Pol < st.
HORSES.
LADY'S HORSK AND TOP BUGGY FOR
XJ sale cheap. Devisadero-st. stable, nr. McAllister.
PONY CART AND HARNESS FOR SALE.
806 Diamond st., near Twenty-fourth, i
c'll horses FOR SALK. WAGONS >nd
*J\J harness, at car stables.' 721 Howard St.: auc-
tion every Tuesday.
IpOR SALE— A BAY MARE 7 YEARS OLD;
X sound; In good condition: A 1 roadster: single
or double. Olympic Stables. 603 butter st.
AUCTION SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia su, 3.
W ATKINS, auctioneer.
A(\ HOUSES FOR SALE. ALSO WAGON*
*±l/ boggles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 827 sir'.hsu: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. LLIV AN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. .
lEIBOLU HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
Xj of guod harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than yon an bay Eastern
trash: send for cat ilogu -. 110 McAllister su, 8. F.
C (\ HEAD OF HORSE* sUITABLfc FOR ANY.
business 900 to 1&00 pounds. Old Turk-sU cat
•tables, 1801 Turk; team of large young mules.
' WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR A CHEAP, A GOOD TOP DELIV-
ery wagon for tea and coffee, country peddler,
gents' fnrntshlnjr, etc. ; other buggies. WALSH <fe
STAXDISH, 1619 Market st.
rpEA, COFFER AND SPICK WAGON; 1 NEW
■L peddliDg wagon; cheap. 1340 Turk St.
]V"KW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER. UPN-
■*•' dry and milk wagon: also fin* top buggy and
rockaway. 8.8 Harrison su
DISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP.
rpO \vh m it MAY CON" ERN— NOTICE
A Is hereby given that the partnership heretofore
?t X ,.-t '*?,» »>«tweeii i.ANK V. SMITH and MAN-
i, ii d Osa ' un<lert he firm name of California
MilK i ro(lD(>rB ' Association, has been dissolved,
said dissolution having been In force and effect
sine* April l, 1897; thai the bu.liif.is heretofore
carried on and conducted by said partnership firm
h J? ,££- n MluinM a " d sod to said *"Rank v.
SMITH: that said FI.A.NK V*. SMITH has as-
sumed and will p y all indebtedness and win sat-
isfy all liabi Ity and obligation* incurred by said
firm at an. time prior to April 1, 1897. in the due
I*2 ?£o.t ts bualue --»- !>»•«><« »■ n Kian Isco. April
I*. 1*97. FK NKV. iMITH.
Manuel ROSA.
LEGAL. NOTICES.
piTY AND COUNTY TRKASURY, SAN
\J Francisco, April 15. 1897.— in compliance
with the provisions of seciion 5 of order 1598 of
the Boar.: of Supervisors, approved September 15
1880, there wilt be sold ac puolic auction by K 8.
.spear <fc Co., at their salesrooms, »l and «8 sutler
street, on
MONDAY, MAY 17,
At 10 o'clock a. if. sundry articles of stolen, lo*t
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
for of San Francisco, rg detailed In an inventory
thereof on file in the office of the clerk of the
j Boxra of Supervisors, and consisting of iewe:rv
wearing apparel, pistols, knives, etc.: also a lot of
trunks, valises, clothing, etc.. property of deceased
persons received from the Coronerot this City and
County. Open for inspection on morning of sale,
A. C, WIDBKU,
City and County Treasurer.
LAXJSBI SUIPPIKU 1> 1 El. LIGhXOK.
Arrived.
SATURDAY, April 17.
Stmr Coquill* River, Pa. on, 46 hoars from Co-
quille River; pass and mciae, to O C Benjamin.
Bchr >ettte Low. Low. 5 noun from Pain;
Keyes: 46 bzs butter. toJH Newbaner A Co.
'm'">rtatlf>T«.
COQUILLE RIVER-Per Coqallle Rlver-SOO
tonsroal. 1.-; ni.i.s l oil wheels. 40 bdls 'Z 'l cases
broom handles, & bxs butter, 1 bx machinery, tf
Hks wool, la Ddls flannels. ■
' "1l«l"n««i
Per Coquliie Klver— Bandon Woolen-mills : En-
terpriselirewerv; Baker A Hamilton: Sumner
4 to: Miller, Sloss & Scott: W G Stafford &Co:
timer, iSreMnoiTitt Bchuil.
Si.iKKiAi.i. UVJCMMfifc
The following; marriage licenses hara b*«a
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
Nels Jorgensen aid Ann i Chrlstensen. 32— 23
Leon Lewln an.l Lillian Uoodman. 33—20.
Samuel Schwar-z and Helen Sutro, *o— V!d.
William Coonlff and Hose Haley, 19—10.
M. M. Dillon and Hannah S. Flaherty. 25— 23.
George H. Molloy and Louisa Vaz, 30— 119.
Daniel D. Doody and Grace King. 25— .'0.
tilrolamo Bertuccl and Maria Kisso, *4— lB.
Lannt7. Pedersen mid Sunny Petersen. 32—23.
KißTliS — MARRIA<.i^ — DisiATiiX
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mill
will not te Inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication olHces and be indorsal
with the name and residence of pertain autuariMi
10 have the same j.uoi ,«a<>i. i
BOltN.
AHHENS-In this city, April 2, 1897. to th« wife
of Fred Abrens a daughter.
AROANTE-In this cltv. April 16, 1897, to the
wife of A. Argante, a daughter.
QOMPEKTZ-In Iqulqne. Chile. April 16,1897,
totue wile or George M. Gompertz. a son.
HILL-In his city, April 11. i»97,;<»ihe wife of
Charles Hill, a son.
LEISHMAN— In this city. April 18, 1897, to the
wife of William Irishman, a daughter.
MACK— April 14, 1897, to the wife of P. F. Mack,
a sou.
PKKRY-March 20, 1897. to the wife of Lincoln
C Perry, u son.
BCHKAFT-Aprtl 14, 1897, to the wife of Otto
Sea raft, a daughter.
BII.UVL-In West Oarland, April 10. 1897, to the
wife of Sol Shawl, a daughter.
WILLIS— fn thlscltv. April 15, 1837, to the wife
of I red W. His, ada i {n:»r.
MAKKIKD.
BROWN— BRYSON-In this city, April 16, 1897.
by :he Rev. M. M. Gibson. D.D., assisted by the
R*v. D. Gilchrlstof San Jose, Alex Brown and
Elizabeth Bryson. both of "cotland.
DIED.
Arrlngtou, William Molllson, John O.
Brandeaburg, Capt. C. Ulseu, Uaroli
Butler. Margaret Pe«g. Johanna
Ewer, Martha McL. Ryan, Ann
Follis Elizabeth \ Sawyer, Margaret
Gallagher, Martin Bez.im:tt>. Minnie
Oassaway, James A. Staitisfleid, Grace B.
Uensler, Lizzie Swissi*. Anna a
HUgius. Kthel C. Thorse.i, Berth* -•-'
Kuae-ier, Peier Wag ier, Klis»
Lehlgh, Mary A. White, Minute
ARRINOTOX— In Alameda. April 17 1897 Wil-
liam Arrlngton, beloved brother of Mrs. M K
Quint, a nauvcor South Carolina, aged 80 rears
7 months an l 8 days.
BRA\OKNBDR(i-In Nap , April 16. 1897
c ' ptaln Charles, beloved husband of Martha
Br-n.lenburg ati.l fattier of William. Bertha and
Martha Brandenburg, a native of Germany aged
50 years. A member of Wash ncton Lodge No
60, A. O ; U. W., and Hermann Lodge .No. 145i
L O. O. K.
43- Friends and acquaintances are resoact-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock p jt. from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company
123 Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
I. O. O. F. Ceme'.ery. Remains are at the aoove
undertaking parlori.
A. O. U. W.— Officers and members of Washington
Lodge No. 60. A. O. I. v^.t l-iease take notice
that the funeral of our lute brother. Charles
Brandenburg, wl.l take place from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of weary, THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock p. ic.
W. H. POKTER, Recorder.
BUTLER— In Saratoga, April 16, 1897, Maf-are'.
Butler, beloved mother of Joseph Jr., Henrv C
Warren C. and Irving C. Butler and Mrs. Emma
R. Bnzton.agel 70 years.
EWER-In this city, April 17, 1897, Martha Mc-
Lennan, beloved wife of Warren B. Ewer, and
mother of F. P. McLennan.
•^Service* THIS DAY (Sunday), at 3
o'clock r. m.. at 1613 Clay ttre-u. interment
private.
FOLLIS— In this city, April 16, 1897, Elisabeth
FollU, belov.-a mo:her or Marcar*. Follis. Mrs.
Mary McDonald and Mr*. Ju'la Moore, a native
of Ireland, aged 95 years 10 months and 10
days.
•9~Fiiendi and acquaintances are respect-
fn ly Invited to attend th» funeral THIS DW
(Sunday), at 12:S0 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. Mary McDonald
151,% Klssllng street, thence to St. Joseph's
ChurcD for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ■ :v j
GALLAGHER— In this city, April 17. 1897. Mar-
tin Gallagher, a native of Ireland, aired 54 years.
GASSAW.VY-ln hl^clu-. April 15. 1897, James
Aim on I, beloved husband of Sarah Margaret
Gassaway, and brother-in-law of Henry Schmidt
a native of California. a;ei 40 years and 1
month.
A9TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), ai. 2 o'clock f. * from the par-
lors of the San Francisco Undertaking Com-
pany, 1235 Market street, near Ninth. Inter-
ment 1. O. O. F. cemetery.
GENSLER— In this city. April 17, 1897. Ltzzte,
beloved wife of G. Gensler. and youngest daugh-
ter of Eliza and the .ate John D. Swift, a native
of Alameda, CaL, aged 21 years 7 months and
10 dnvs
• #"Noiiceof funeral hereafter
HIuGINB— In this city, April 17, 1897, Ethel C,
beloved daughter of John K. and Mary Hlgglns',
and sister of John M. Higglns, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 months and 10 days.
KUOENER— In this city, April 17, 18»7, Peter
beloved husband or Annie Kuzener, m native of'
U«ai.iuy, aged 3 1 years.
LKHHiH-ln Berkeley, April 14. 1897. Mary
Augel ne dearly beloved wife of Daniel V Le-
hlgn, mother of V\ il.lam F. and J. Vincent
Lenlgh. daughter ot the late Daniel Harvey, and
granddaughter of the late Dr. Jonn McLougulm
Governor oi th» Hudson Bay Com Dan y a na-
tive of Oregon City, Or. . v • T '
tO" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
To-MORROW (Monday).at 10:10 o'clock a.m., at
the Church of st Mary the Virgin, corner of
Onion and atelner streets. Interment private.
MOLI ISON-ln this city. April 14. 18J7. John C
beloved husband of Hannaa Molliion. father Of
J. C, Elizabeth. William. c*eor< •, Henry, Alt>Tt
aud Waller Mo liso i. an I brother of W. and J.
J. MoliHon of San Francisco,. G. Mollisjn of
Aberdeen, ScotlanJ. and Mrs. Hay hoe of Lon-
don, England, a nativu u( Aberdeen, Scotland,
aged 49 years and 6 months. P. M. W. of Unity
Lodge No. 27. A. O. U. W.
43-TUe funeral wUI lacs olace THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. u. from Laurel Hall,
Sulels building. 'O't arrell street, under th«
auspices of Unity LoJge No. 27, A. O. U. W.
OLSKN— ApriI 15, 1*97. Harold, youngest son of
Hans and Ma uda Olsen. a native of -an Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year a mourns an 1 5 days.
Oar The funeral will take Dla':* THIS DAT
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock p. M., from the family
residence, 32H Jersey street. Interment 1. O.
O. F. Cemetery. ;;;>; ;;/..-,. r .^_
PEGG— Id this city, April 15. 1897. Johanna, be-
loved wife of Owen Pugg, 52 yean 8 months and
14 a-s. . ,
**-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock m- from her late resi-
dence, 362 First street. thenco 10 St. Brendan's
Churcn. Intermeiii iloly Uro»i Cemetery. -•
RYAN— In this city. April 17. 1897. Ann, beloved
wife of James Ryan, and mother of Mamie.
Annie and Bnrneit and the late Maggie T. Ryan,
a native Of County Leitr.m, Iretaud, aged 55
years. ._- , - •
JftiPFrlends and acquaintances ara respect-
■ fol y invited to aitend the funeral To-MOKROW
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. X.. from her late real-
;■-■•■. " • ■■•■
dence. 931 Vall?jo street, tnence to St Francis
Church, where a requiem bigh mass will b>
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock a. u. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
SAWYER— In this cltv. April 16. 1897. Margiret.
beloved wife of the late Patrick Sawyer, and
mother of Michael J.. Rose, Maggie and Mary
lawyer, a native of County van. Ireland, aged
60 years. • '
Xs^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend --he funeral THIS DAY"
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. u., from her late rest-
dent, 424 Shotwell street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth, ihence to St. Charles Borromeo
Church for service*. Intermen; Mount Calvary
Cemetery. A requiem high mast will b<? cele-
brated tor the repose of her soul MONDAY,:
April 19, at 9 o'clock a- M.
SEX-*MITH— In south San Francisco, April 15,
1897, Minnie, dearly beloved wife of James Sex-
smith, mother of George and Jennie SexsmUb,
daughter of Peter and the late Atrianna Meyer,
and sister of John Mever, a native or lowa, aged
29 years 7 months and 8 days. [Pella I'm
(Iowa) papers Diease copy. J
JEsfFriends and acquaintances are respect-
ful iv invite.; to attend the funeral THIa ,)\Y
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from her la:*
residence, 748 I. street south, Between Klgiitb
and Ninth avenues south. South San Francisco.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. • ■
STAXSFIELD-In Los Ang*l»i, April 15,1897.
Grace Estel, dearly beloved wife of A. J. Stans-
fleld. a native or .-piitgfield, Mass.. aged 31
years 4 months and 16 days-
awiSBlG-In Bar View, South San Francisco,
April 17. 189.'. Anna Barbara, dearly beloved
and twin daughter of Lo .is ana Aim ha Swissig,
and sister of Paulina. I .on liertha and Maria
Swisslg, a native of aau Francisco, aged 1 year
aid 2 days.
THORSEN-In this city, April 17. 1897, Bertha,
. dearly beloved wife of John Thors-*n. daughter
of scaale and >iattta lenneseu, »nd sister of
Martin, Gayhartand the late rnounat Tennesea
•ad Matilda Stvertsen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 10 months and 17 days.
43~Frlends and acquaintances are reso»ct-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m. sharp, from
her late residence. iisy a Alia street, tuenca tu
Aicatraz Circle Hall, where services will bd
held under the auspices of Alcatraz Circle No. 1.
>rlendsof the Golden state. Interment Laurel
Hill cemetory.
W AQNER-In this city. April 14. 1897, Elise, De-
loved wife of Ferdinand Warner, and mother of
F.lsle ani Gretchen Wagner, and sUier-ln-law
of Marie and Fred Wagner, a native of Preus-
sen. Germany, aged 34 years 9 months and 20
days
♦^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS i>aV
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from her late resi-
dence, 154 Clara avenue, oetweei sev«'ineen'.li
dud Eighteenth streets, one block from Douglass.
interment I. o. O. K. Cemetery.
WHITE— In the City and County Hospital, April
17, IS9V. Minnie White, aged 4t» years.
E. McAVOY, UNDERTAKER.
18 Vis Fifth St., opp. Lincoln School.
U. Ji McAVOY, MANAGER.
• Office Telephone South 70.
Resilience Teieptio ie, Pine 2161.
.
NOTICE.— BUSIXKS* OF McAVOT
St GAUAi.Hi-.K will be conducted at the
old stand. No. 20 Fifth street, for the benefit
of the widow of the late llh.Mti J. GALLAG-
HER and bis sister, MISS ANNIE ii. GALL AC*
Ut.lt. iIKS. H. .1. GALLAGHER. .
A N.ME B. GALLAGHER.
jTsTmTmTnomTyT'" I'™"""•^fTAsT^l'cArK'NOMK1 '™ """•^fTAsT^l'cArK'NOMKT 1
JAMES M.MKN(i.Mi;\ & SON,
UNDEKXAKEKS AM) l >1 I: AI.M t: us.
; LOoi ilienioii Street, Near bevuutu.
ielejiliouu .-on: a 'AH. ■ ■
AS. ENGLISH. T. R. CARlfivV
CAREW & ENGLISH.
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALllii*Wi,
II.NKItAI. DIKKCTOKS,
IP Van Ness ave.. uear m»gm»..mm, ■*-»* *'ranclsoi»
Telephone -o. 15d.
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER.
QANTNHR & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embaimers.
8 ami 10 CITY HALL SsUUAIIK.
Telephone South 432.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
"IB PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALES
X of burial plats and graves in its cemetery aai
give deeds.
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at th»
Superintendent's oilicj st the cemetery, cornet
Bush street and Central avenue. San Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEM&
Very to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
dative: location unexcelled. OOce k*7 MaMef
•Jtraet. aouitaauM coraax or *wxu».
NO COLLEGEJIELQ DAY
Berkeley and Stanford Unable
to Agree Upon the Distri-
bution of Points.
The Stanforl Ath.et. s Wanted Two
Points for S;cond PI .ce, While the
U. C Men Wanted Three.
There will be no intercollegiate field day
this spring between the University of
California and Stanford. Such was the
decision reached yesterday by the repre-
sentatives of tbe two institutions in whose
bands the question had been put for set-
tlement. The bou.* of contention was the
distribution of points and the place of
holding the meet. The U. C. "committee
i f arbitration," headed by Colonel George
C. Edwards, wished that second place
men in the contest be given three points,
and that the bicycle race be held at the
Velodrome, while the Stanford commit-
tee, headed by Professor Angel, wished
second place man to receives, only two
points, and that the bicycle event be beld
at the Olympic grounds.
It was only after a lengthy, heated dis-
cussion over the case that the decision
was finally reached to call the contest
"off.
A very peculiar combination of circum-
stances prevails in relation to the trouble
between the athletes. The Stanford men
realized that if second-place men took
three points the dav would go to
Berkeley, while the U. C. men were ap-
prised of the possibility that if two points
were given to second -place men the con-
test would be won by Stanford.
And so it was over this point that the
two committees wrangled, neither seem-
ins; willing to give the other an inch.
There is no law in th" rules of amateur
athletics which governs the distribution
o; points, and the only case that could be.
brought up in support of the three-point
question was the previous games between
the two institutions. Last year second-
place men rot three points, as also did
they the year before. But in some of the
Eastern league meets only two points
have been given for second. It was upon
this fact that the Stanfords based much of
their claim.
Berkeley has no very great athletes this
year, but is possessed of a hot of medi-
ocre men in the different events, and with
what few firsts would co to the blue and
gold enough seconds could be easily taken
to turn the balance. At Stanford the pre-
vailing situation seems to be directly op-
posite.
The decision of the committee will prob-
ably be final, as it was only after Man-
agers Barnes of the University of Califor-
nia and Brown of Stanford were unable to
agree that they put the matter in charge
of the intercollegiate committee of pro-
fessors, whom they called the athletic
board of arbitration.
The failure to bring off the contests will
mean a considerable financial hardship
for both teams, as they bad made expend-
itures which they believed would be cov-
ered by the gate receipts on the day of
the contest.
— • — ♦ •
Chris Buckley - am for Rent.
Warren Temple, the attorney, was sued yes-
terday by Christopher A. Buck ey, once some-
what known in San Francisco politics, for pos-
session and back rents of a dwelling on Suiter
street, between Broderick and Baker. The
house was let to Temple in 1895 it $300 per
year, and Buckley In his complaint bays that
the rent has fallen far behind! .
» — -♦ — «
.Julius Khrina Estate. •
Herrmann L. Simon has applied lor letters
testamentary under the will of the late Julius
Ehrmann, wno died in New York City In the
early part oi the present month, The de-
cedent left property in thu City valued at
more than $10,000. ' Taiuea a5FABIOLA LADIES
ARE DISPLEASED
Mrs. President Yule Com
pares Allopaths With
Horsemen.
Says They Are Not as Liberal
in Their Views as the
Jockey Club President.
i
Dr. Buteau Says the Regulars Are
Not Treated Fairly and Want
to K.ep A war-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 17. \
The aclion of the Alameda County
Medical Society in requiring that its mem
bers shall not practice any longer at
Fabiola Hospital because homeopaths —
or, aa the society terms them, "irregu
iars" — practiced there has not gained for
them the goodwill of the Fabiola Ho<
pitai Association.
In discussing the matter this afternoon
Mrs. John Yule, president of the associa
tion, said:
We have given the three schools ot medi
cine as (air an opportunity as we could.
Every patient who tzoea there is given a
choice, and I believe the hospital is run on .-is
broad a plan as any ever conducted. PiiTieiits
are left entirely uninfluenced when they go
there as to a chpice of physicians, anu the one
they want is summoned without delay. No
charge of I'avoritism chu be proved again*; tbe
nurses or riouse pbyiician. The allopath
ph-Meians of me st. ff, when they examined
the hospital, comp.imented us on the manner
ill wMctt it was conducted and on the work of
the nurses, but 6aid the medical society was
&et on their members not coining in contact
with homeopaths.
Out ladies repliedthat the physicians would
then have to forego the theaters and street
cars, as the homeopaths were always to be
■ found in such piaces, and they would neces
sarily come in contact with them if they at
tended.
The charge that nearly all the cases are at
tended by homeopath physicians is easily ex
plained, if it is true. There are a number of
niiopath hospitals and daces where that
f-chool treats patients, ana Fabiola is the only
place in our city that is open to them, as well
as to every physician in the city in good
standing, wherethey can bring their patients
and have absolute control Fdbiola
is a big hotel for invalid"? where
a physician comes and goes at his will and has
trained nurses to carry cut his orders. The
allopaths may as well say they will debar any
ot their number who goes to the Metropole
Hotel to attend a pati nt because a homeopath
n«.i several glitien'.s th- re.
7 b:- acnon-"oi the allopaths is not at all in
■ accord with the broad-m nded views of the
twentieth century and will oniy reflect to
their discredit. It is not much like the big
hearted spirit shown by Thomas Williams,
president of the Pacific Jockey < luo, who has
agreed to make all tne neces-ary arrange
ments for a Derby day on Saturday, May '2'J..
at the Oakland racetrack, and turn the entire
receipts over to the hospital.
President F. H. Bateau of the Alameda
County Medical Society made the foilow
.. ing statement to-day :
\fre have no contest with tne lady managers
oi the Fabiola Association and we in no way
intend injury to the Hospital. We believe all
y.ersons have a right to say what physician
i shall attend them and carry that right to
I mean that any physician has the right ;d say
\ whom lie shal: associate with in The profession.
| While to the pubtie onr school is advertised ac
ha>lnar *n e<ju»l fooiinir with others fit this
hospital, we have not. We attend less
than 10 per cent of the cases that go into thjat
hospital, while in Oakland our .school has
BO i>er cent of the general practice. The resi
dent physician has until recently been a
homeopath, the nurses are trained in homeo
pathic ways, and the hospital is realiy a
homeopathic hospital, though attempting to
i onciliate the regular school. We have aDun
riant evidei.ee that patients desiring a regular
physician have been persuaJed to take the
services of one of the other school because of
the solicitations of the house physicians and
nurses.
THE RESURRECTION FEAST
.It Will Be Celebrated With
Special Programmes in All
the Churches.
Rev. Dr. McL an to Celebrate the
Twenty.Fifth Anniversary of His
Coming to Oakland.
Oakland Office San Frascieco Call J
908 Broadway, April 17. f
Eaßter Sunday will be fittingly observed
in all the churches ol this city. Special
programmes have been prepared and all
the choirs have been augmented for the
occasion.
The pro.-rammes ac the First Presbyte
rian, Pilgrim Congregational, First Con
gregational, First Methodist, First Unita
rian, Market-street Congregational, Brook
lyn Presbyterian are all exceptionally fine
and at eacb church well-known soloists
/have been engaged.
Special music has been prepared at the
Roman Catholic churches, and at St. Pat
rick's Professor bullivan will lead the
large choir.
Tne Epiecopal churches will hold their
regular Easter services with special an
thems and other music.
Owing to the burningdown of St. John's
the congregation will worship to-morrow
in Masonic Temple, wiiieh has been spe
cially decorated for the occasion.
The weather during the past week hav
ing been exceptiona.lv line, there will be
an abundance of flowers for decorative
purposes, and as usual many of the floral
effects wiil be very attractive.
On the 27th of this month Dr. J. K.
McLean will celebrate the twenty-rifth
anniversary of his arrival in this city.
Near ! y all that time he has been pastor of
the First Congregational CUurch.
A reception wiil be given to the doctor
on the evening of that day in the chapel
of his old church. Among the speakers
will be President Martin Kellotrtr and
Professor Joseph L?Ci>nte of the Univer
sity, Rev. W. C. Pond. D.D., of San Fran
cisco, Rev. C. W. Wendte and Rev. Dr.
Coyle of this city.
HEAVY-WEIGHT PLAYERS.
A Challenge Issued to Any . Nine .of
1,-ke "Weight — 225 Pounds Must
Be the Average.
" : ' ALAMEDA. Cal.. April 17.— A heavy
weight baseball club composed of mem
bers of the Knights of Pythias Lodge of
this place has just been organized and is
now out with a challenge. Not a member
oJ the club weighs less than 225 pounds,
and the aggregate weight .of. the nine is
• 2245 pounds. They are ready to play ball
.with any other nine, the only stipulation
I being that none shall be less than 225
m ounds in weight. The local club is com
posed as follow-: V. Engingm-r, catcher :
and captain; G. Mcßae, pitcher; F.
Mandler, first base; A. La Plant, gncond
Most Complexion Powders
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzoni's is a true
beautifier, whose effects are lasting. j
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
base; J. H. Banta, third base; J« B. Bar
ber, short stop; Ed Hadley, center field;
Frank Bailey, left field; John Robinson,
right field.
Opening of the Yachting Season.
A LAMED A, Cal., April 17.— The Enci
nai Yacht Club opened the season to-day
with an informal reception to ladies at tho
clubhouse and pleasure trips on the bay in
the yachts of members. This evening the
celebration will be continued, with a
vau leville entertainment, a high j.nks
and a dance. There will be a cruise in
squadron to-morrow with sailing evolu
tions, in which a number of visiting
yachts are expected to take part.
Notes .
Patrick McGowsn wag fined $5 to-day for
disturbing the peace of his neighbor, Daniel
Gr>hain, in a row about a fence the latter is
building.
An interesting programme hag been pre
pared for the Mayday picnic of the public
schools at Leona Heights.
Alameda Lodge No. 49. K. of P., had ar> ini
tiation and banquet to-night. A team was
present from Amazon Lodge of East Oakland.
EASTER SERVICES.
Special Programmes for To-Morrow at
Bla-.iy of the Churches.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 17.— Special
programmes have been prepared at most
of the- churches in this city for Easter
Sunday. At Christ Church the services
wiil be as follows:
Holy communion at 7 and BA. M. Morning
prayer, sirmon and communion at 11:45.
("bildien'i. Easter festival at 7:15 o'clock. At
all the services Bey. T. .T. l.acey will officiate.
Tne choir will be assisted by Frederick I'urdy.
The musical programme: Easter moruing— -
Processional hymn 112; "Christ. Our Tnss
over. Is Sacrificed for Us" (Tours); "Te
Deum ■' (Su.livan); "Jubilate" (Parker);
•'Kyrie" (Mendelssohn); "Gloria Tiui" (Gar
reti); hymn 112; anthem. "God H*th
Appointed ft Day." Tours; "Sanctus," 449;
bymn22s; "Gloria In Excelsis," 451: retro
<-s\ioual uy.mn 118. Sur.day-schov.. festival—
Proc >sioncl hymn 112. "Jesus Christ Is Risen
To-day"; Lord's I'rßyer ar.d versicles; hymn
110. "Angels Roil the Rock Away"; creed and
prayers; hymn, "Christ the Lord Is Risen To
day"; floral emblems; addresses; effertory;
anthem. "They Have Take" Away My Lord,"
Stamer; hymn, "Day ot Wonder": beuedic
tion: retroeeSMonal hymn 125, "Hark, Ten
Thousand Voices."
At the Unitarian church the following
is the programme:
At 11 a. m. Mr. Dodson will preach. Subject.
"The Brightness of the Unitariau Easier."
The following music will be given: Soprano
solo with 'cello obiigato, "Sancta Maria"
(Faure) by Mrs. B. <j. Latnrop; "Hail Glorious
Morn" (?chneckerj by the choir; tenor solos,
'•Tht-n i»aid the Angel to Him" aud "Lovely
Appears," from Gounod's "Redemption,"
Henri Fairweather; trios, "Non c Ver" (Tito
Mattei) and "Holy Mother, Guide His Foot
sieps" (from "Mariiana"), W. V. Wallace; oboe,
J. L. Mundwyler: 'cello, J. F. Mundwyler, and
piano, Miss Elizabeth Westgate.
At the Park-street Methodist Church
the musical programme will be the fol
lowing:
"The Voice of Triumph," Henry Ware;
anthem, ''Our Lord Is risen" 'bchneckei);
solo, Miss Nellie Chase; "Rise Glorious Con
queror" (Bridges); anthem, "Tnanks Be to
• tod" (Roberts); "The Resurrection" (Per
ronet). Evening — "Joy In the Resurrection"
X ■. ; hntftem, "Rest In Heaven;" "The
| King oi Giory" (Wesley); anthem, -'Trie World
Keeps Easier Day" (Baffington); "Awake,
Glad Sou:."
The day will be appropriately signalized
in all the other churches.
CANNOT COME TO TERMS
Little Hope of the County and
the Railroad Buildiug a
Joint Bridge.
The Couuly Cannot Pay More Than
Half the Expense Unier tha Pro
visions of tbe New Law.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, Aj.ri; 17. \'
The Supervisors held a conference tliis
morning, and it was practically decided
that a joint bridge will not be built by the
county of Alameda and the Southern Pa
cine Company.
District Attorney Snook rendered an
omnion concerning the law passed by the
last Legislature. It is short and is as fol
lows:
Referring to the proposition of the Southern
Pacific Company in the matter of a joint
bridge across the esiuary of San Antonio, a*
contained ia their letter of December 19,
1896, and which, as I understand, is their ul
timatum as to the relative expense which
they are willing to contribute lor any buch
structure, I desire to cai; your attention to the
fact that, in accordance with the act passed by
the last Legislature, approved February 25,
1897, section 2 provides: "That in no event
ghull the county pay more than one-half she
cost of construction, repair or reconstruction
of any such joint bridge."
Tn'ier this provision of the law the ap
proaches to any doub.e-deck bridge outside
of. the bulkhead lines would undoubt
ed.y be a portion of the bridge structure, and
under said provision of the law above-named
county could not pay more than half the ex
pense of saiii bridge, including the cost of
such approaches.
I also understand from your board that the
only ieaaib.e structure lor both p«r lea to con
struct woud be such a double-deck bridge,
as is provided for in exhibit "A' 1 of tne
communication from the Southern Pacific
Compmy, filed with your board December 19,
1896. li such be the case, and the Southern
Pacific Company will not agree :o tav i,a f
the cost of the entire structure, including
approaches outsde tbe bulkhead line, which
I understand they will not ugTee to, a would
be useless for tbe board to consider entering
into any other kind of an agreement, as it
cannot leg -ily be done unier said statute
above menu ned, as the county can only pay
fur half of the cost of construction of any such
joint bridge.
From the final communication of tbe
railroad company it is seen that tbe ex
penses to the county for tbe proposed
bridge would be $55,391, and the railroad
share $30,994. Ti.us it will be seen tha'
the county is expected to pay tbe larger
half, and this it cannot do under the new
law. Consequently it is practically as
sured that there will be two bridges unle-»
the county should decide upon tne tun
nel plan, and leave the railroad to buiid a
bridge lor its own accommodation.
At the regular meeting ot the Super
yiso s next Monday it is expected that
definite and conclusive action will be
t&Ken.
MORE SCHOOLS NEEDED.
Hayvrardg May Vote Bonds at the
Coming Election.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 17.— Haywards
is in need of more school facilities and all
her ' classrooms «re at present great
overcrowded, More particularly is this
the case in the primary grades. In the
receiving class there are eighty-six
pupils, and in the next two higher
classes there are sevcniy-six and sev
enty-one. . These numbers are about
twice as large as the limit allowed in Saw
Francisco and it is stated that with such
big classes it is impossible for ttie pupils
to receive necessary attention.
An election for School Trustees will be
held in June and it is prooable that the
matter ol issuing bonds to provide more
scisool facilities will be voted on at the
same time. ■■/*,£?!•;
Tried to Die in Vitln.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 17. — James
Hunter, the old horseman who disap
peared irom the Emeryville racetrack, true
to his promise, lias made two attempts to
end his life since his disappearance, bui
without success. He is now !oclce<l up at
the city prison, having been rescued irom
the estuary last nicbt when he attempted
to drown hms<*lf. Before i oing to the
wharf he drank enough laudanum to
poison half a dozen men, but it was too
strong for his stomach and he could not
retain it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 189^.
DIRECTOR BELL
WANTS TO MOVE
Annual Meeting of the
Board of Trade Next
Tuesday.
The Organization Is Now Strong
Enough to Do Great
Good.
A Plan Proposed That Will ProJucs
Good Results During the
N xt Y.ar.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call )
008 Broadway, April 17. \
The annual meeting of the Board of
Trade will be held next Tuesday night and
a new directorate will be elected. Since
the last annual meeting tbe organization
has made rapid strides, and it is now in a
position practically to accomplish any
thing that it undertakes.
It is the opinion of many of the mem
bers that something definite should be
DIRECTOR JOHN T. EELL of the Board of Trade, Who Sees a
Bright Future at Hand.
taken in hand and pushed forward with :
the united efforts of 500 members that !
will be of lasting benefit to the city.
During the past three months many
prosressive movements have taken place
in Oakland, and there is a feeling that the !
city is on the verge of good times. Tiacts
of land that have been held for a genera
tion have been forced into the market,
and there is a general desire on the part j
of realty dealers to do some buying and j
selling anJ iju lding.
Director John T. Bell of the Board of
Trade has a novel idea which he thinks i
would produce some practical results. He
has expressed the opinion that the entire I
membership of the organization should ',
assemble at an early date with a view of j
having a general expression of opinion j
upon what should be done this year io j
benefit Oakland. "The expense should '
be kept wituin a moderate figure at the I
proposed banquet." said Director Beil, ;
"and there shoul he no forma! adiresaes, i
but a large number of uuki or two or
three minutes or less so as to call out tne '
widest possible expression of opinion, j
Five hundred men, representinc all the |
industries and avocations ol Oikland, as- :
sembled together and animated by the !
one purpose of doing would be a ;
cheering spectacle and excellent results
would certainly follow.
"We have had enough of croaking, and '
perhaps there has been some justification !
for ii, but now it is very plain that a
ohange has commenced. The pros
pect of the Valiey road coming to thit
city and the activity shown by larjie
realty dealers is sufficient proof that there
is something ahead. Instead ot waiting
for it we should meet it and pjepare the
way. There has always been sufficient
talk In this city; what we now warn is |
some action, and I think that the Board I
of Trade, after its annual election in a
couple of days, should start out in an ag- j
gressive manner and do something."
A NIGHT ON TAMALPAIS.
Berkeley Ladies Miss the Last
Train From the Maria
County Peak.
Four Facuty M n Who Spent an
Anxi us Night Awaiting Their
Wives' Return
BERKELEY, Cal., April 17.— Four of
Berkeley's most prominent ladies had an
adventure on Thursday night that is a gen
eral topic of discussion and amusement
among their numerous friends, though :t
the time much alarm was felt for their
sa ety. They are Mrs. Joseph Le Conte,
Mrs. <i. H. Howison, Mrs. Frederick Slate
and Mrs. E. W. Hilgard, the wives of four
of the leading heads of 'departments at
the State University.
On Thursday the ladies went up Mount
Tamalpais 10 enjjv the scenery on a beau
tiful spring day. Evening came and they
were on the lofty summit, viewing the
splendid panorama for which the peaK is
famed. They wandered from the railway
station and trom the hotel at the top and
experienced .a delightful evening of gen
uine mountain outdoor recreation.
80 en joy a Die aid the trip prove that the |
ladies did not watch th** hours co by.
When ti.ey finally decidea to return home
ward they found it was too late to catch a
train.
T c last evening train from the sum
mit had cone, leaving the four hill-climb*
ers far up on the lonely hill and their
husbands awaiting tiieir return in the col
lege town. It would Lava been impossi
ble for the ladies to make their way down
and caicfi a tain to San Francisco on the
regular ferry line below them, so they
made the best of the t-ituation and took
up quarters in the Summit Hotel.
In Berkeley Profe-^ors Howison, Le
Conic, Sate and Hilgard were all much
disturbed over uieir wives' failure to re
turn, and it was feared some mishap must
have occurred to the party. No commu
nication or attempt to follow the travelers
that nignt was jossible, howeve-, and the
only course open was to patiently wait
until Friday morning.
On Friday the ladies caught the first
train down from the lofty eminence on
wh'ch they bad passed the night, arriving
in Berkeley i.one the worse lor their sleep
on tho highest bit of ground near the
Golden Gate.
Win* Destroyed.
BERKELEY. Cal., April 17.— Much talk
has beau occasioned by tne pouring into
Strawberry Creek of the viticaltural de
partment's wine during yesterday's fire.
The liquor was so disposed oi by order of
Professor Hilnard, the packages having
been opened and many of those on the
scene having begun to drink. There is
great imiisnation at the imputation cast
uuon the student body that it was unsafe
to leave the wine be ore them. It is said
that the drinkers w.re most of them not
collegians, but spectators attracted from
the town.
Another Fire.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 17. _ The
grocery-siore of Ed Brennan, at ban Pablo
and University avenue«, was burned to
the ground early this mornine, while the
owner slept in his residence close by, and
was not noUhed. An alarm was sounded
and the Beacon Fire Coraiany responded,
but Mr. Brennan did not wake. No one
thought to tell him of the blaze, and he
was t:ii« morning expecting to do a day's
business at the old stand, only to find a
! heap of ashes where he had loosed up his
j store the night before. Tbe loss was about
| $1400, with $000 insurance.
Work Nt-Uv.'.l.
BERKELEY, Cal.. April 17.— The new
annual report ot the agricultural depart-
I m«m was to have been completed next
month. The destruction of records at the
tire yesterday will cause a considerable
delay in sending the manuscript to the
primer r.nd may result in no report being
issued until next year. Professors Hil
fard and Wickson spent the day in en
deavoring so disentangle the confusion of
rescued property, but it is impossible As
yet to ascertain bow complete the losses
are.
1-aster Music.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 17.— Special
Easter services vrilJ be held in all the local
churches to-morrow. Tne 'Jay will be the
first anniversary of the organization of
the vestal choir at St. Mark's church and
an elaborate programme of music will be
rendered.
Brief A«iv« Note*
The Oakland and Berkeley High schools
played baseball to-day on the univers ; ty cam
pus, tlie former winning by a scare of 18 to 8.
The pipe and ißschinery have arrivea for
A. A. Richardson's test well, to prove his
theory of the existence of artesian water.
Work will be begun on a well behind the
Shaituck block.
AN OLD SETTLER'S DEATH.
He Laid Out FiercevUle, in Castro j
' • Valley, Year* Ago.
OAKLAND. Cat,, April 17. — William
Pierce, one of the oldest residents in Cas
tro Valley, la dead, alter living there for
thirty ye^rs. . In early days he was a
farmer, an 1 owned a large tract of land
near Lake Chabot. He was also engaged
in the hotel ■ business in San Lorenzo.
Years aco he purchased some land on
Castro stre9t, Haywards, and the section
became known as "Piercevills."
The pioneer cut his property up into
town Ibis and built four houses, which he
owned at the time of his i.eath. The de
ceased was born in England sixty-six
years ago, and leaves a widow, but no
children.
Train Robber in 'Jail.'
■ OAKLAND, Cal.. April 17.— James, J.
True, the Utah train robber, i* now
lodged in the County Jail, awaiting • trial
in the Circuit Court. He declares be is
ianocent, and 1 looks like a very mild des
perado. The State believes It has a very
stiong case against tne prisoner, and is
practically certain of conviction.
.: . .'■ Easter Picnic.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 17.— The i open
ing picnic oi the season will be that of the
Easter Social Club of San Francisco.'-; This
club will hold its annual gathering- to
morrow at Ban Lorenz > Grove.
Wet Sundays.
A Liverpool Darish raagazinis coutnins
the following paragraph: "Fifteen wet
Snnaays one alter another is a serious
matter" wlien the support of a church and
clerical stuff depends almost entirely
upon voluntary contributions. Oar
church collections were nearly washed
away. Of cour-o, parsons who have 'pew
reins' can snap their fingers at the
weather. The foxy wardens get the
money in advance, and neither shine nor
shower oia&e any difference."
CLARK EXPLAINS
HIS ROAD LAW
Interior Counties All Take
a Diff3rent View of
Its Workings.
The Author Makes Puttie His
Ideas and Says It Is Clear
as Day.
It Will Force Every Citiz n to Take
a Personal Interest in tne Condi*
tion of the Roads.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 17. f
Since the passage of the Clark road law
by (he Legislature all kinds of criticisms
have been made and complications an
ticipated by Supervisors in nearly every
county of the State. Tae interior press
has published hundreds of columns upon
the new law snJ in no case have the
opinions of two editors been the same.
in Alnmeda County the /natter has been
very generally discussed — in many in
stances condemned, in a few commended,
but by most people interested in it it has
been regarded as inoperative.
Assemblyman Clark of Niles has
watched the progress ot public opinion re
garding his bill and to-day he made a
statement in which he tries to make plain
a great deal that is at present ambicuous.
"There may* bo some crudities in the
act," he said, "which we will discover
when it is in operation. Its provisions
on the whole are very simple. On the
last Saturday in Way three Trustees are
elected to hold office for one, two and
three years respectively. Thereafter one
Trustee will De elected each year to hoi i
orfic§ for three years, as .our present
school Trustees are elected.
"Tuere will be no expense attend
ing the election, which will be as
simple as the present School Trustee
election. The Trustees shall have charge
of all road work, construction, sprinkling,
etc. As nearly as possible ail work will
be done by contract, by open bids, to the
lowest bidder. This will insure better and
cheaper roads for the money, as it is a
well-known fact thai Town Trustees who
contract for their street work can do the
same amount of work for one-half to one
third of the price wo pay for our road
work. The taxpayers demand that sip
shod methods snould give place* to busi
ness me i nods in roadw^rk. The compen
sation for ttie T. u>tees is $25 per year for
each Trustee; one of the three acts as
clerk, and for nis services be receives $25
additional per annum. The compensation
is intentionally email. We wish to take
the roads out of politics. There are in
every community men of standing and of
worth who take enough interest in the
communiiy and its roads to serve on these
boards without wishing to become rich.
•'The Trustees are responsible for all ex
penditures on the road and must rerort
annually to the Supervisors their receipts
and expenditures. The Trustees provide
for the collection of road poll taxes, which
hereafter shall be u-ed for the benefit of
the roads. Tlu-> tax may be worked out
on the work or paid. The people may on
election raiee or lower their road tax, thus
al owine eacn distrci to decide whe.her it
shall have an expensive or econom.cal ad
ministration. I have heard it said that a
district would be taxed lor the entire cost
of any county bridge erected within its
limits. This is absurd, as the bridges arc
county nrop«rty. built from county funds
I by the Board oi Supervisors, and will no;
I in the least affect this new Jaw.
"There can be no election held until
| May, 1888, as the Governor neglected to
I sign the bill until it was too late for an
election to be held in May of this year.
The fundamental idea ol the entire law is
to bring the control of the roads bacK to
the j>eople. I believe the law will recom
mend itself to all our cit.'zens and tux
payerswho will give the law a lair ttial.
I will add in conclusion that the Com
mittee ot Roads and Highways of the
last Assembly also succeeded m having
passed a wide-lire w*g >v bill, which does
no. go into effect till 1800."
SADIE SAID "GUILTY."
Gives the (hurt Her Reason for
Horsewhipping a Man Who
Talked.
Judge Allen and ilie Attorneys Are
Surprised and Judgment Is
Suspend d.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
' 808 Broadway, ADril 17. )
Miss Sadie Dolan, the yonng lady who
horsewhipped William Mahoney last
Thursday night, appeared in the Police
Court to-day. Mahoney was not present.
and when the young lady, who has a very
modest appearance, quietly took the stand,
she surprised the court ' and lobby by
firmly pleading guilty to the charge.
Deputy D strict Attorney Moore,' who is
usually a very zealous prosecutor, had a
little consultation with the defendant to
try to induce her to withdraw her plea and
to plead not guilty. -The. young lady re
plied that she v.-a- quite free to admit that
i -he had horsewhipped Mahoney and re
quested her plea to staid.
Judge Allen suggested that it might be
as well to bear the evilence in the case,
but Attorney Garrity for Mahoney, said
I he could not to on at present unless the
court desired to pass on tie case without
j hearing me evidence.
The Judge m the politest of tones, asked
the young lady why she had whipped
| Mahoney.
"Because be scandalized my name, air,
without any reason whatever," was. Mi-s
Dolan's answer. * The court 'was silent
for a few moments, . afer which it - sail :
••Judgment may be suspended," and me
young lady walked out of court.
— — • '.y'«, — - — —
Loochop, China, is excited .'over the ap
pearance in her streets of a dwarf, who
appears to be about 5) years of age, bin i->
0n1y. 20 inches in heigh. He has a long;
gray beard, which almost reaches, the
ground, and talks several Chinese dialects
quite fluently. He says he is from ."toe
ncdom of . the dwarfs by the Western
Ocean.'' but further than* that no one
knows anything about him.
• • a ■ ■
The most extensive cemetery in the
world U that of Rome, in which over
6,0u0,000 hnman hf»ngs hayp boon interred.
a DR. BILL'S EEHTIWUTOi
; Five hundred reward tor any case »■
cannot core. =< THIS SECRET
KuY stops all Josses in 21 hoars,
cures Emissions, impoiency Varico»
cele, Ooncrrhiß». Oicet. Flu, «trlo-
tnres, Blood Disease and aUw««r, a .
effects of ? el r Abuse or KxceuaZ
Sent sealed. $2 per botUe. l hi "2*
BOTTLES, »5: Rtwmnteed to coro any caia.
: : DK. HALL'S MEDICAL INaTITU IK*
-- __ «65 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
#p^?\^J Tu# ailH «»«« ' «°ic*ly tuMO, bead rot
Auction Sales
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE OF HORSES
AT TATTERS ALL'S, .
721 HOWARD STREET.
TUESDAY.
Tuesday April 30, 1897,
.'At 11 o'clock a. m., will be sold
Fifty head of well-broken horses; 10 unbroken
horses welshing from 1000 to 1300 pounds: also
some wpii-brokt-n saddle- Dors s and ponlvs: at the
same (tut* several good wagons, buggies, ' cart,
phaetons, new and 3 eoaU-haud buggy an I wagon
harness, Bale positive. .No limit or reserve.
A. L CKE>s«EIL, Livestock Auctioneer.
Sa'esyards— 72l and 72:-J lio-vard st. ....;■.
Th • Qu»en of Greece is an accomplished
yachtswoman, holds a masters certifi-
cate and is an honorary admiral in the
Russian navv.
■ '-.V.-.-'r NEW TO-DAY '''~~F'. ■ '• ■"- •
NERVELESS MEN:
COURAGE, f^^.
COOLNESS, 0 A
JLJ lJ vJ i V I £1 INI) Trvw-j & o^s? / * v *
CONFIDENCE vlt JzfaL I
' PERSEVERANCE,
SELF-RELIANCE, iftfellk
f^ All n V DOCTOR SWEANY,
V_>3,n /vll DC I OLir S. Whose Reputation Is » :iblish.-,1 by
Ten Years of Acknowledged Success
at 737 Market street, San Jfrancisoo.
*T*HE NERVES ENTER INTO AND CONTROL THE ACTION AND VITALITY OF EVERY
* muscle and organ of the system. The nervous system is the lite of the body, and what-
ever deranges it deranges every natural function. Excesses and abuses of the body and brain
produce a debilitated condition of the nervous system wi'h its train of attending evils, and
this condition is commonly known as Nervous debility. >
Manv strong-appearing men fret and become alarmeif. because they don't feel as well as
formerly; and yet their physicians tell them they have no 1 organic disease. They are weak,
listless, sleepUss. These conditions become more pronounced from day to day while many,
new symptoms develop. The memory becomes defective, there Is a feeling of self-aistrust, an
aversion to society and a loss of ambition. Attacks of the '-blues" are of frequent occurrence.'
Ou first rising there is a feeling of extieme weariness. There are pains in the back and head
and aches in different parts of the body; a dimness of vision, irregular heart action, a stunted
growth and loss of powor. '
The story of the physical suffering and mental anguis.i of victims of Nervous Debility is.
alas, a too common one. Wnen weighted down with the sorrows of this dread disease it is
then that they come to realize that "nature is a frugal mother and never v.'ithout measure. "
Her laws have been violated, and the victim who, either throueh errors and indiscretions of
youth, excesses of mature years or dissipation, has been brought to this 6 ad state, is paying
the penalty of his vices and fo.lies. If you are a sufferer fron? Nervous Debility
DO NOT DESPAIR,
Nor allow distrust to darken your life and deprive you of its pleasures. YOU CAN BE CURED
permanently and absolutely. Your health, strengtn and vigor can be regained by consulting
Dr. F. L. SAveany, who has had twenty years' experience and is recognized by the entire
medical fraternity us the leading and most successful specialist in the world. The Doctor
i-s a graduate of the best medical colleges in the world. Diplomas and licenses hang on the
walls of his office. He has had many years of experience in' 'he leading Eastern hospitals,
besides his many years of wonderful success in practice. He .V
DOES NOT PUBLISH NAMES
Of patients nor their diseases, but cures them, and any one in need of hlsNScrvices desiring
references can be shown hundreds of testimonials on file in h 8 office which gr&"&»ul patients
have requested him to us.-. Why do the sick people of this vicinity crowd his offtefs^iaily?
Because the wonderful cures he has made have created confidence and delight in toe heVr-<8
of those who have struggled in vain for years against the ravages of disease until the success^-
ful doctor, whose picture appears above, gave them, the opportunity to get well. . s ■' h--,V
VflllVf 1 IWP\ T If TOU » re troubled with
I"Uil« LTIr,J, pinipies, tired feelings,
gloomv foreboding-, palpitation of the heart,
hot flushes, blood rushing to the heaa,
ringing in the ears, evil dreams, niuht emis-
sions, wandering mind, weak memory, dark
circles under the eyes, d zziness, poor appe-
tite, stupidnes«, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and s-lf-confidence, which abso-
lutely unfit you for study, business or mar-
riage, you should take treatment lrom this
noted specialist before it is too late.
PJUVITU' Diseases— Gonorrhea. Strlc-
I HII .-11 ft Hires, Syphilis Piles, Fistula, Hy-
drocele, Tenderness, 8w«-t*imp>i Weakness of
Organs quick cured without pain or deten-
tion irom business.
L'l|k\|.'V>i Inflammation of the kidneys,
IVIIMLI\ Bright's disease, diabetes, conges-
tion of the kidneys, i-ramia. gravel, stone,
all scientifically and successfully treated.
RlAfkh \\]\ VL r l\ : Diseases. Sores. Spots.
DiiUIMF Wit >>Mil Pimples. Scrofula,
Syphilitic Taints, Tumors, Rhe rn-'ti=ru. Krup-
no a, etc . i> <>mp v <ur«--i leaving the system
in a pura, strong and healthful state.
|t| 1 1 1 1 V* ■> liinammntion, cystitis, cyster-
nL.lt/IMill. rhea. catarrh of the bladder.
These distressing diseases invariably yield to
my system of treatment.
V\U IWFI V Pos lively cured by a treat-
I 111 vvt'Eilili. ment orginal with Doctor
Sweany which attacks t e seat of the disease
and restores a henltbful condition to the
vlns and nerves, thus enabling them by their
contraction to give a proper circulation of th-
b ood through the veins, thereby gradual. y
reducing their- sw-1 cm condition, when the
pain i eases and the natural appearance and
health of the parts return. *fc*.**
RI'PTFR V New method, sure cure, painless
ill I II A 1 . treatmeni, no detention from
work, no experiments, no truss. A positive,
certain and permanent cure.
F*. Li. S"WEANY, M.D.
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Speaking of a serious case of sickness caused by dyspepsia
and biliousness, the agent of the B. & M. R. R. at White Cloud,
Kansas, said : ' ' Now there is no use in any one suffering as that
man does. Many and many a time have I been attacked with
biliousness, and one
RIPANS TABIJLE
has given instant relief in every case. Why don't that fellow
try them ? I wouldn't be without them in the house for all
your medicines. You try a few for pimples. They will knock
'em highern a kite. Not only that, but they are good for head-
ache, indigestion, sour stomach and all ailments of that
nature. They are more pleasant than pills, and don't leave
the bad effects that other drugs or medicines leave." .J.
TWEm-tWJ WMi
GRAND AUCTiON SALE
...0F.... •
esir.ible Furniture, Bedding, Car-
_ per*, T/nv <• urta US, KtC , «:.tC
TO-MORI-O v. MONDAY. APRIL 19.
- At 10 i.'c oc< a. m.. on premises,
206KK.\RXY SI" , COBSEit SUTTER,
(Over the Hub Clothing ston».)
On account of remod?. ing th • building I am In-
structed to sell without limit or reserve the entire
weU-kepi furnit r« of above.-
JOstPU T. IK tRY, Auctioneer.
Office SK. cor. California and Samome sts. ;
J. C MITiiER. U-CTIOJEEK.
Will sell TUESDAY. April 20, co.-. Howard and
'I bird 313., at 11 a m.. the coiiien s of a very tine
saloon, including 15 Flue Mi rors, i-!ne Paintings.
Handsome!' xuir > and a Full Stock of Wiaes,
Liquors a d Cigars. .^U-.i./iU '■
HIDDLE-JGED AVI) OLD MEV. t T h h^ an^
of you troubled with weak, achine backs and
kidneys jirequeiit. pa.mul unu..t.ou and »eui-
I m'-nt in untie; ;mpotency or weakness of-
| sexual organs, and other unmistakable signs
; of nervous debility and premature decay.
Many d'e of this difficulty, ignorant of the
; ause, which is the second stage of seminal
• weakness The most obstinate cases of this
I character treated with unfailing success.
: finir? If you are suffering from persistent
li.ii'iLM. headaches, painful menstruation,
leucorrhoea or whites, intolerable itching, dis-
i placement of the womb, or any oiht-r distress-
; ing ailment peculiar 10 your sex, you should
, call on DR. SWEANY without "delay. - He
( cures when others fail.
HEART, BRAN MD SERVES. &£l
dizziness of the head and palpitation of the
! heart, difficult breathing and suffocating feel-
ing, fullness of the head, a tired, irritable, dis-
; contented feeling and fear of impending dan-
j ger or death, a dread of being alone, or the re-
verse—desire to be alone; if your memory is
j falling and you are gloomy and despondent, or •
I if you dream much or often and have an aver-
i sion to society, you are suffering from a serious
I disease of the nerves, brain and heart. You
| have no time to lose. Call at once and CON-
SULT THE OLD DOCTOR.
| WRIT I. 1 Your troubles if living away from
i II 111 ILi city. Thousands cured at home by
| correspondence— and medicine sent as di-
j rected. Letters answered in English, German,
i French, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian or Den-
I isn. &-V-;.
Absolut* secrecy in all pro'essional dealings.
Office Hours— o a. m. to 12 m.. 2to 5 and 7to 8
p. x. Sundays, 10 a.m. to 13 m. only. Address
1516
ROCHETTE WON ON
AN ALLEGED FOUL
Other Fistic Events at the;
Manhattan Club's
Exhibition.
i
Jeffries and Baker Matched for
May by the California
Athletic Club
Frank P. Slavin Telegraphs His Will
ingness to Meet the Winner
of the Match.
Charles Rocbette was given the decision
over Fred Muller on a so-called foul at
last night's boxing carnival of the Man- :
hattan Club, held in Woodward's Pa- j
vilion. The decision was made by Referee ',
Gus Herget in the ninth round of tb,e
fight.
The first three preliminary bouts wore
amateur, and of four rounds duration
each. John Lahey and J. Kane, both of 1
the Manhattan Club, led off in the even- j
ing's sport. They gave a very tame ex
hibition, which was decided a draw by
Referee "Bogy" O'Donnell.
The next was between J. Reilly and
Joe Sullivan, both presumably weighing
130 pounds, though Sullivan was much
the heavier. It was a gamely contested
battle, and Referee O'Donnell'js decision
of a draw failed to find favor, with the .
audience, which thought Reilly th« clever .
man. j
1 Ben Lewis (colored) and Patsy Daly,
128 pounds, made a battle that {'afforded
much amusement. The first round was
fast righting, and the colored lad simply .
chopped his opponent to piece;", tout Daly, !
though adjudged the loser, stayed with it j
till the finish. ) - :
Jack King and Yank Savage,' the Utter i
of Australia, gave a very clever Exhibition.
Both men were quiet, lively boxers, but :
Savage was the harder hitter and did the I
most execution. Referee O'Domnell gave '
him the decision, and the house was
about evenly decided on the question.
Fred Vaughan of the Manhattan Club
was unable to appear in the ring owine to \
illness, and t'-ncK Everson refused to take ,
on any other man in his stead. To fill ■
the gap Robert McCrossen and Fred Law
lor tapped each other iovinely lor four
rounds.
Preliminary to the event of the evening
"Professor" Billy Jordan climbed into
the ring and announced that the Califor
nia Athletic Club bad matched J. J.
Jeffries and Henry Baker, Champion \
heavy-weight of Illinois, for a contest of j
fifteen rounds and a purse of $2500, the j
event to take place at Woodwarii's Pavil
ion some lime in May. ■ /
Frank P. Slavin yesterday telegraphed I
his willingness to meet the winner under i
the auspices of the same club about the ;
middle of June. Frank Raphael and
sammy Maxwell are matched to fight ten i
rounds at the sam^^Tme.
Then cametbxT "event of the evening." !
Muller ano>stochette were both the recip- j
ients ofJ6nd cheering as they stepped j
intO^liie ring. The former was seconded
.■fey Charles Turner, James McDevitt and
Charlie Wiggins; the latter by Sam Bar
bour. Martin Murphy and Frank Raphael.
At the outset Mulier took the offensive,
and kept it all during the tight. In in
fighting he managed to land heavily on
' the head with bis right several times, but
at long range Rochette had it all his own
way.
Muller frequently rushed Rocbette to
the ropes and fouled him repeatedly, being
cautioned against this practice by Referee
Uergot several time*. Once he bit
Kocnette while the referee was trying to
separate them, and brought him to his
knees groggy.
Kochette delivered after the first round
a series of left hooks on Muller's face and
stomach, that would have made a less
game man cautious, but Muller was a
glutton for punishment and frequently
managed to retaliate heavily.
In the ninth round he struck Rochette
in a breakaway, and the referee stopped
tike fight and awarded it to Rochette.
Pandemonium instantly reigned, and
Captain Grillen and his men had to clear
the . ring of seconds and backers, who
threatened to engage in a free fight.
, It is denied by few that Muller fre
' SEW TO-DIT
[shirt waist and cloak sale.
I Specials for Two Days.
I ..^.-.^ ' ■ ETON JACKETS, all wool, la-
I V"§fesC dies ' cloth silk lined, trimmed
i $&&&$* \ wit^ bra ' d and military orna-
I & &&r^ \ ments ; black, blue, green and
1 1) J^L& \ purple; regular price $n.
I fc^%^v SPECIAL $6.50
I \^?lMf/ TILE-CHECK SKIRTS, dressy
I J^^^^^^^ and new, all shades.
I SPECIAL 71
I SIX and 50-100 DOLLARS. IWIIJ
I Shirt Waist
I y-^k^ Sale.
I We have laid out 5 ° dozen s P iendid
1 *^&!Wsm ■ SHIRT WAISTS ' full >' 2O dif "
I • ll»^ililt^ ferent patterns. Waists worth
H /^ \ f rom S OC to $ l regular.
FORTY CENTS. For Special Price 40C
ETON DRESSES, SILK-LINED JACKETS, new-cut skirts, fine
all-wool cloths, all shades, %^i v^u; Vj •
I $10.00 to $15.00
1/ r 1 I II 0 I IE DEC Cloak and Suit House
EVLLLI OILILDLO 120KearnySt.
! quently fouled Rochette when be had him
on the ropes and should have lost the
tight, but the consensus of opinion is that
the olow on which he lost the light was
legitimate.
A good-sized audience was present at
the exhibition. The net proceeds ought
to reach at least $000. Half of this will go
to the fund for the benent oi the unem
ployed. .^_^_^_______—
"Women* Troa- A»»..ciation.
There will be a •■curtain-raiser" preceding
! the 'Fairy Bride" at the California Theater
ion the evening of April 28. Miss Emily Mel
ville has kindly consented to appear iv a scene
from the "Merchant ot Venice," In the charac
ter of Nenssa; Mrs. Frances B. Edgerton
taking that of l'ortla. This will give the little
j people of fairyland a good send off.
IIP Stah le Arre«te«l.
Dr. Frederick H. Rtahle, ex-Superintendent
I of the City and County Hospital, who wus in
dicted by the Grand Jury on a charged em
■ bezz ement, surrendrrcd ni nisei I at police
headquarters yesterday morning. He was
tck'Ti 'o the < ity Prison and released on
giving $1000 caMi bail.
Junior Order Aiudrica i MerDtnlci.
A new council, organized by the efforts of
StHte Vicp-Councilor Bellinger at University.
Lor Angeles County, will be instituted by the
organizer next Tuesday.
Alexander llamiitn.i Council has presented
| to James A. (iarfiel<t Council a magnificent
aitar emblem. 'Ihe presentation was by Coun
cilor Frank Miller and the response by C. G.
Nagle. At that meeting there were present E.
W. Close of Starr King Council ; S. j. Tbeisen,
i !). S. C. ; State Councilor H C. bchnertzer and
i Z. 'f. Whittoii, who maii- • ddrecseft.
R. E. Urear, Slate council conductor, has
' gone from the State for three month?, during
wnich time be will be fti Id* ho and Montana.
The councils of A'ameda < ountv will hold a
I union meeting in the hail of Vosemite Council
1 on the 27th inst.
President McKinley lias appointed W. (i.
Caasart, National representative from Mary
, land, a chaplain in the United States navy.
Alexander Hamilton Council on la«t Friday
gave Its first entertainment to its irien<N i i
Laurel Hall. Shieis maiding. The h 11,
which was profusely decorated with American
fines and patriotic emblems, was well filled
with friends of the council, who were treated
to an excellent programme, prrpared under
the supervision o: me committee on entertniu
ment, composed of F. A. Miller, J. Miller,
Henry C. Sehaertrer, Paul McDonald, Frank
Wasey a.nd E. L. Walcoit. There was a short
address of welc>m<* by Master of Ceremoniea
F. A. Miller, German dialect recitation by Mr.
Melscow, specialties by little France 5 , vocali
za;ion by the Misses Pchu.zberg, vocal solo by
\V. Ogilvie. fancy dance by Doilie Baxter, vocal
solo by Su*ie Walker, specialties by Rosie
Bennett, plantßtion sours by Jack Braden,
juggling acts by Mr. Wade aud several other
numbers, after which there was dancing.
The Origin of "Yankee Doodle."
"Yankee Doodle " is claimed by many
nation. It was known in England as j
"Nankee Doodle" in tha time of Charles
I. Tue Hollanders had an old son? to
thirair called " Yanker Dude!." It is said
to b* al'O an old French v:ntage sons, a
native Hungarian air, and the ancient
music oi the sword dance of the Biscay
ans. In June, 1755, Dr. Richard Schuck
burßb, regimental >urgeou under General
Braddock, thought to play a joke on the
raceed, tarered Continentals by palming
off the " Nankee Doodle " of the time of
Cromwell upon the Colonial soldiers as
the latest martial music. It at once be
came popular, but a quarter of a century
later the joke seemed turned when the
Continental bands plsved this same
"Yankee Doodle" an Lord Cornwallis
marched out after surrendering his arm y,
his sword and trie English colonies in
America to the Yankees.— Ladies' Home
Journal.
• — « — •
acknowledged superior, the Waltz safes, in
all sizes. 109 and 111 Market St., S. F.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
LITTLE SINGERS
IN A CANTATA
"Ruth and Naomi" to Be
Repeated for the Un
employed.
Production by Children of the
GearyStreet Jewish Sab
bath-School
One Hundred and Tea Little Ones
Will Sing and Dance for the
B ncfit of the Poor
The fund for the unemployed will be
swelled next week by the receipts from
the cantata, "Ruth and Naomi," at the
California Tbeaier.
On the 21st of last March the Sabbath-
Group of Characters Who Will
Appear in the California Thea
ter Next Wednesday Evening
in the Cantata "Ruth and
Naomi" for the Benefit of the
Unemployed of This City.
; school of tbe Geary-street synagogue pre
| sen ted the cantata before a delighted an
! dier.ce, the proceed! going into tUe treas
ury of the school. The parts in the can
tata were taken by 110 performers, of
whom about seventy were girls and tbe
remainder boys, ranging in age from 4 to
16 years. It was a genuine surprise as
; well as a treat to the friends of the school
' who witnessed the performance, so mncb
, so as to bring forth an urgent call fora
repetition.
It has been decided to repeat the can
tata on Wednesday of this week at tbe
! California Theater with the original cast
of characters, costumes and stage settings
i for the benefit of the unemployed. Gen
. eral admission with tiie privilege of re
nerved seats, 50 cent*, with 25 cents extra
i for orchestra chairs. The bn-orfice will
be open on Monday, Tuesday and Wednes
day at the t eater for tbe sale of tickets
and the securing of seats.
I'he cantata iollowa tbe biblical text
and action very closely, and abounds in
dramatic situations and picturesque tab
leaux. The m:i-ic is of the sacred order,
and contains many simple and touching
melodies and choruses.
The principal characters in the cantata
are:
Naomi, Sadie Mendelssohn; Ruth, Alice
i Lewis; Orptia, Mabel Benjamin; Jewish
. maidens, Phebe Wolf, Adele Morgamtern,
, Lily Fnlda, Goldie Harris and Mabel Koch
iin Tin ; Boaz, Rosie Kulda; messengers, Ida
' I.cvv and Albert Abrabamson ; First Reaper,
i Leo Levy; Second Reaper, Abe Myerson; Ser
i -rant to Ruth, Kmannel Levin.
The little girls who will take part in tbe
; dances are:
Rosalie Sybil Goldstein, Sybil Harris, Gracie
Rothhultz, Lulu Cramm, Florence Stern, Hil'.a
• Kochmann, Adele Morganstern, Ida !-• vy.
I jeannette Harowitz, Pnebe Shipper, Ceia
! Jacob*, Miriam Livingstone, Ethel Shaen,
I Hattle RoKener, Violet Poiener, Pansy Pearl
; man, Eva Friedman, Annette Lausetlc, <;ertie
Rothtioltz, Hazel Kochmann, Mvr« Fass,
\ FiOß^ie Levy, Rose Wolf, Elsie Wolf, ' Gertie and
Hazel Cohen, Goldie Harris, i'lora Gollober,
Mabel Deroos, Alma Newman, Helen Cramm,
Ruby Frledberg, Mabel Frauklin and Hazel
: Peiber.
"HOME, SWtEi HUME '
: A. Tribute to th* Song and the Author by
th» I. at- Senator Tonrh»rM.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call—
Sir: I venture to sand you the tribute of
tbe late Senator Vo*orbees to John How
ard Payne, author of "Home, Sweet
! Home." It is a piece of oratory as beautiful
1 ana touching, perhaps, as the English
1 language contains. I was formerly a citi
( zen of Indiana and intimately acquainted
I with the "Tall Sycamore of the abash."
I I am an ardent admirer of hit, and have
in my possession copies of ail his great
speeches. The speech referred to was de
livered by the famous Indiana orator on
June 23, 1885, at Greenville, Term., in the
| course af his address to the jury in de
fense of Captain Edward T. Johnson, who
was on trial for the murder of Major
• Henry, tne destroyer of his wife and
I home. Speaking of John Howard Payne
I ana bis immortal song, Mr. Voorhees
I aaid:
He wrote one Boiif in which he embodied
j and unbosomed the most precious desire and
• the most undying emotion of the univerral
heart of man, woman and child. He wrote
"Home, Sweet Home." There are but four
teen lines in this blessed song;, including the
chorus, but it will lire as long as these blue
mountains bttnd. "Home, Home! Sweet,
Sweet Home I" Its strains have visited all
lands and encircled the globe; they have
ravished the listening ear in lhe palaces of
royalty and wealth and in ihe peasant's
lonely hue. John Howard Payne sung the
song of home; he interpreted the human
Heart. "There is no place like home!" the
poet cries; and the whole world cries in
unison. "Be it ever so- humble, there is no
place like home!" Can this be true, can this
song live, if the denle.r's step may cross the
threshold of home with impunity? The
habitation may be built ol boards, or
its walls may be constructed of unhewn
logs; It may be a snieiding on the
mountain side or a hovel in the valley
below; the bleak winds of autumn and winter
may blow throueh it; the rains may descend
through its frail roof, and a leather string
may be its latch-fcey b> day and by night; but
it is home, the home where tlie wife and
mother loves and nurses, where children are
born ad bloom in strenjrth and beauty, where
joy and smiles greet their coming, and groans
and tears their departure. * • • I appeal
to you to permit my client to maice one honest
tight for the purity of home. In his early
youth he fougnt under the beautiful, the
btarry flag, emblem of united power and glory,
and wiili eager enthusiasm oitered nis young
life la the cause <>t his country as he saw the
right. On the 23d day of S2ptember. 1884,
ihis sad and lonely man, bereaved ana
strickeu beyond cure in this world,
made one battle, down in yonder mountain
gorge, twelve miles nway, nol merely to pua
l>h the destroyer of his own dear home hut in
vind cuion of* the principle which, makes all
home.-, secure Iroru intrusion. He fought for
"Home, Home, Sweet, Sweet Home"; and
when the report of his double-barreled gun
echoed on that autumn morning throughout
these mountainsoi (irt-en County and through
out tlie State ol Tennessee and all over the
Union it was welcomed as a tit accompani
ment to the spirit, letter and melody of the
immortal soug. • * * Had the vil.ain cut
his victim's tnroat, had In? poisoned her to
death, she wouid still nave been v precious
memory, mourned by husbin<:, con and lov
ing friends ••till pity's self be dead." while tne
sweet June roses would have bloomed over
her honored grave with no taint of impurity
in their perfume. Had he burned the defend
ant's borne it could have been built again;
had he robbed him aid taken all
his worldly possessions be would siill
hitve had honoi loft. Human history
inak'.-s but one an<wer. The darkest crime,
the one without ) ttrdon or mercy from God or
man, is the invasion of the home and its de-
siruction and pollution. With the downfall
of the wife and mother the home crumbles to
ashes. The divinity which presided and filled
it with light and joy i* no more. This de
fendant is homeirs*. "The walls n re standing-,
but they are barren of rest or peace to him.
He could not dwell m such a nun, nor survive
where his pnst Joys and hope all now lie with
ered aud dead. The altar of home has been
desecrated, the hearthstone has been defiled,
and the name of him who did it is here in
voked to sanctiou this prosecution. Edwin
Henry died as be ought to have died. He who
ommil! the worst and most pervading, far
reaching and destructive crime ought to die,
and 1 have the highest authority for my
w ords.
Of course the printed words themselves
give but a faint idea of the impression
made upon the audience when the speaker
uttered th»m. But those who have lis
tened to Voornees in one of hi« impas
sioned addresses to a jury will never for
gtt it. Portland 0. Hunt.
K«markabl« Lady Millionaires.
Although s i women are rich enough
to stand nearly top of the list of the
world's great millionaires, yet it is not
many years ago since women had no legal
rights and could hold no property. Now
adays a woman can rejoice in having un
disputed control of tier wealth, as the fol
lowing list of the world's six richest
women shows:
Senora Isadora Oousino, worth £40.000,000
Heily (ire.-n, worth 10,000,000
Baroness Bur.ieti-Cinrts, worth 4,lH)0.0(>0
Madame Ba rloa, worth 3,'J00.000
Mary (iarreit, worth V,(M)u,OOO
Mrs. Woleslca, worth 2,U00,U0U
— Tid-Bits.
Among the various demands for conces
sions at the Fans Exposition is one for a
tremendous barrel, 52 feet in length and
27 feet high. Inside this two-story glass
houße, for the barrel is to be made ot
glass, it is proposed to erect an American
bar restaurant.
NEW TO-DAY.
SLOWSELLERS.
Some of the things named below were, a few years ago, leading item? in trade, but
other goods possessing no more meiit, but better Known and better advertised, have
coma to the front. As everything we touch must strike a double-quick pace we cut
prices on these to make room for lively articles.
SOAPS.
La Belle, 11 boxes were (1 50, now Bsc
Gold weight was *1 40. now 80c
Bolan's celebrated Toilet b'o*p lc
Complex boapaad 3 silver (?) Spoons ....20c
CANNED GOODS.
English Sardines, worth 10c 6c i
American sardines, worth 6c 3c :
2i/s-lh tins Ham. worth 91 60c i
»i/ -a> tins Ham, worth $140 ...80c |
Jams or Jellies, worth 20c 12VaP
Finest White cherries, worth 25c lVJi»<,c
Smoked >et-f, 1-rb 2Bc cts, value 16c
MS GOODS ~TrsT GLASS.
Boiled Cider. Molt'). worth 60c 25c
KvaporateJ Horseradish, worth 25c.V. 10c
Jams, finest 2- bit grade 12 Vic
Jellies, tinut 2-bit grade l'^V^c
lloyal Shoe Polish, worth 10c. ...." 6c
Gotham Mincem-at, worth 60c „ «5c
Jell/, Homemade; worth 15c 8c
Kngllsh Salt, C. & li., worth V!sc lliC
MISCELLANEOUS.
Dried Cirapei, fine, worth 5c '. 3c
Fine Raisin 1. worth 8c... .■..........' 6c
Cranberries, fine, per qnar; ...'............15iAc
l'runei, extra, not the largest. 8c
Peaches, finest, preied, dry . . ..; He
Ferris fine Bacon, 1ight.....',. . ............. 12V,e
.■••• • • ■ ■ -
Two carloads a day of regular goods at regular prices is our output.
The aoove bargains do not interfere with our regular siiii merits.
Tne service we give is the best we know how to render.
The prices we make are lower, quality considered, than elsewhere in town.
Our expenses are less in proportion to business done than anywhere else.
Our terms are cash, we do not lose a fraction on aggregate sales.
pill I II 3>
(ionds delivered twice daily— any part city.
Free delivery to suburban town*.
I* Fri>o demonstration of food* daily.
I '!>» and Coffee nerved fre* to all who call.
' Parcels checked and Telephone Tree.
liniinK-riK.iii on sixth floor.
(.oodt packed and chipped everywhere.
I'lease ask for our 40-page list.
address^The Big Store at the Ferry— 2s-27 MiBRET STREET.
COUGHED UP AN
OPEN SAFETY-PIN
Little Elmer Pare's Case
Shows Nature's Sur
gical Power.
The Object Swallcwed Six
Months Previously Ea fled
the Physicians.
No Incoavenieac-* Suffered by the
Child Either Bsfore or After the
Wonderful Operati n.
Elmer Par*, the infant son ol Attorney
A. S. Pare, living at 1112 Campbell street,
West Oakland, is a mystery to his parents
as weil as to the family physician, Dr.
A. E. Scott of this City.
Aoout a year ago when he was but
three months old he swallowed an open
brass *afety-piu whicn he had taken from
lis clothing. Tlie doctor was called in,
but as the child did not show any signs of
pain or inconvenience in swallowing, i:e
came to the conclusion that there must be
a mistake. The fniher was of the ?ame
opinion, but Mrs. Pare was so certain that
the child had swallowed the pin that a
thorough examination was made of the
babe's throat, out of no avail.
Mrs. Pare was still of the same mind,
however, and the child was carefutiy
watched, as it wa- then supposed that the
pin wo"id either be thrown up or death
come within a week, but nothing hap
pened. A month went by, ana the pin
bad been forgotten.
Aiteralapse of about six months the
child was taken wi:h a severe lit of cough
ing, and Mrs. Pare being seriously alarmed
and also unable to ptiTß auy relief, hume-i
next door ana called ier friend, Mrs.
Hassler. Almost as soon as she had
picked t' c child up he couched up con
siderable blood, and with it came the
long-looked-for pin. The pin was badly
corroded and blackened. Then the "l
told-you-sos" were m order. "I told my
husband," said Mr?. Pare, "that the baby
had swallowed the pin, but he seemed to
think it was impossible.
"The reason I was so certain was be
cause the nay before I had purchased a
dozen of those pins and the next night
one was gone from the baby's slocking.
As he wouid put everything in his mouib
I thought this missing pin was no execu
tion. Although I did not s-e him with
the pin I was almost certain where it had
gone. 1 searched all nis clothes and even
went so far as to remove all the bed
clothes, but could never find bnt eleven
pins. At one time I was almost persuaded
to resort to the X ray, but I am now glad
that 1 did not, for if the pin had been lo
cated an operation may have been per
formed, with possibly fatal results."
"The only conclusion I can come to,"
said Dr. Hcott last evening, "is that the
child swallowed the pin point downward,
which undoubtedly stuck in the larynx.
The point of the pin is more corroded
ihan any oth?r part, which goes to Drove
that it was stuck in the flesh or mucouo
membrane.
"The more the child swallowed the far
ther the pin would be inserted, until
nature assarted Itself an i suppuration set
in. Tlii» gave tne pin a chance to become
loosened and when the child coughed so
severely from the irritation the pin was
thrown out.
"I can only snrmise the reason for the
pin staying so long in the child's throat.
Although he may have loosened the pin
many time* by cougbinz as soon as be
would swallow the pin would be forced
back in place again. It is a most wonder
ful case and a miracle that the child suf
fered no evil consequences."
The WoiM - Inhabitants.
The editor of the Zoological Record, who
has devoted many years to the study of
the subject, publishes a table of the living
species of animals at present known. He
gives the following figures: Mammals,
2500; reptiles and bat medians, 4400; crus
taceans, 20,000; birds, 12 500; fishes. 12,
--000; mollusks. 50,000; brcozoans. 1800;
arachnida, 10,000; insects, 230,000; vermes,
6150; sponges, 1500: tunicaia, 900; braehi
opods, 150; myriapods, 3000; icclenterata,
2000; protozoans, 6700; and general, 366,
--000 distinct species.
The politeness the common people show
each other and their affection for their
children are a never-ending source of
pleasure to foreigners.
WEARING APPAREL.
Boys' Suits. 4 to 13, worth $2 25 ?1 00
Boys' Fanry Suits, 3 to 8, worth 93 60 1 50
Big Boys' bulls, worth *6 50 4 00
Men's Working >hirts, worth 50c 33
Men's Sunday Shirt*, worth $1 25 75
Inf.iiits' Tw»-Bit Hibberl Underwear 10
Ladles' six-Bit Kibbed Combination Suits.... 40
Btrvele Ho<r>, gray mixed, 8~, HU»c 5
Ladles' High-tirade Tan nose 10
I Black Seamless Hose, high grade 10
Men's Leather Gloves, 50c quality 25
SHOES.
Ladies' $2 50 kid shoes, plain, 2y a . 3. 85
Ladles' $1 25 tan Ox lords, optra 50
('ii ild's 75c russet Ox ords, 0 to 7 35
Child's SI '.'S tan blioes 4 to 7 55
' Infants' 75c fancv shoes, size 4 25
| Little girls' shoes for Sunday 5j
Baby's ox blood boots, very pretty 50
MISCELLANEOUS.
Hammoccks, will not hold wa er 60
Bedspreads, white, gooU slz , pretty 40
| Luce curtains, good size, pair 40
i>r» ss goods for camp life H, 10
Bu'brlvßun vests, s. s.. 50c quality 15
l)ru rus for 111 tie fel lows 10
BnpltS, handy vnium* mosaics 20
fc-iderdowu, heavy, double-faced 10
NEW TO-DAY — DRY GOODS.
LADIES'
UNDERWEAR
DEPARTMENT!
SPECIAL OFFERING
-OF
LADIES* SKIRTS!
25 dozen GENUINE ENGLISH MOREEN <fco prf\
SKIRTS, with Spanish flounces, black only, y^^ l^ each
35 dozen ENGLISH BLACK and CHANGE-
ABLE MOREEN SKIRTS, with Spanish
flounces, 15 different combinations (Sum- G>Q AA
mer weight) ----- vpO-v-'V-' each
12 dozen CHANGEABLE ENGLISH MO-
REEN SKIRTS, all new colorings and" <£Q ca
extra quality vPO.OvJ £a ch
18 dozen BLACK ENGLISH MOREEN
SKIRTS, Spanish flounces, braided with <fcQ CA
fine Mohair braid \pO«OU each
16 dozen CHANGEABLE ENGLISH MO-
REEN SKIRTS, corded flouncings, 7 dif- <£pr C\C\
ferent colorings vPO.v-fl-J each
10 dozen CHANGEABLE ENGLISH AL- m o rzr\
PACA SKIRTS, 5 different combinations, M>O OU each
8 dozen CHANGEABLE ENGLISH MO-
HAIR SKIRTS, with corded Spanish C*A r\r\
flounces, extra widths sP^f.vJvJ each
5 dozen CHANGEABLE ENGLISH BRILL-
IAN TINE SKIRTS, with corded Spanish mr f^
flounces, handsome colorings - - - - vpO.V/L/ each
15 dozen STRIPED TAFFETA SILK
SKIRTS, with corded Spanish flounces, <fccr f\r\
extra widths CpO.vJL/ each
We are also showing an elegant assortment of BLACK
and CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS at $5.00, $7.50,
$9.00, $10.50, $12.50, $15.00, $17.50 and $20.00 each.
We invite our patrons to inspect the above goods at their
earliest opportunity.
TEIjHJPHOISrHI QRANT 184.
111, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STKEEf.
J BLACK I
9 THE COLOR I
I Most Popular To-Day. I
I . . NOTE THE PRICES .. |
I Elegant Costumes, low $3.25 Suit g
I Sew Effects in Wool, Sow $4.50 Suit 1
1 Creponne Figures (new), $6.30 Suit 1
1 Pieriola Xouveantc ■ $7.00 Suit I
I Latest Novelties, just §
I received - • - $8.75 Suit 1
1 Priestly's Latest Fancies 1
I • - ' • •-'-■ $10.00 Suit I
I Our assortment of High-class I
I Uovelties, from $12.50 to $25 suit, 1
I is by far the largest in the city. I
I At Removal Prices. E
§ THE SAM FROCISCO |
BLACKGOODS
I house:, I
1 22 Geary St, near Kearny. I
g TELEPHQNK GRANT 518 H
FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
.dUfUMfcfc. MRS, E. KING. ORAD-
4M2SmJE**m. u * te of the National School
of Dermato ogy, reraov i
W|HT^» superfluous h«i"r. wrinkles.
(S^^Bp^ gsll smallpox pittlngs bv ii-
<V^HV^p Wp latest Improved methods.
,*__ 9 sunten cheeks ana e.-»s
" jHf cSj'T filled out. Develops and
■^k >S I *~. reduces the bust. Baid-
-- ftk / <\> V J\ ness and scalp diseases a
•. 4^Vi\J spclHlty. Office hours, 9
ffj^ NJj«S>V* to 12 and Ito 6 Consul-
*^ tat lon free, 624 Sinter st.
spectaclß&Eye Glasses
V- ACQdRATFLY.fITTEOBY
EXPERT OPTIC'ANi
AT MODERATE PRICES.
OPTICIANS AND^-pHOTOGRAPHIcf.
642 MARKET ST. SUPPLIE *
WIOIR CMROIHICLE BUILOIMO-.
! dr.mcnulty7
H'HIS WKr.L KXOWX AND RixrABLE or.i)
■I. SlfPt-iaiisl l*rivate,Nfrvoii9,BUto<i»iKl skin
DiMeu»es of Men only. Manly Tower restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book. free. Patten
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
<iaily;6::» tnH.aoeVsr*. Sunri.ivs, 10 to 12. QinMlltft-
tioniree and sucredly conUdentinl. • C»U or address ■
P. ROSI'OE JIoXfTIiTT. M. »..
Keiiinr Sirret.Kun Frnnciico. t'al. '.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KKARNY AND WABHINOTON BTB.-RB.
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A CO.
Enropean plan. - Uoomi &Uo to 41 60 per day, J J
to « 8 per week. 98 to S3O per .-noun- free Oatlu:
tiot and cold water every room: tin sralw .4
ivwr room; elevator tutu allaisAL .
LOWEST PRICES
ARQEST STOCK
ARGEST STORE
FURNITURE
| CARPETS
BEDDINGS
EASY TERMS
OR CASH
Large Line of Second-
Hand Furniture, Carpets,
Show. Cases— on
Hand.
J. NOON AN
1017-1019-1021-1023 Miuion St.
516-518-520-522 Minna St. .
Above Sixth.
PHONE JESSIE 4!
, OPEN iiVENINGS
ON
DRUGS, PERFUMERY,
POTT MEDICINES, RUBBER GOODS,
v TOILET ARTICLES,
H\E WISES AID LIQUORS,
HIGH-GRADE CIGARS.
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's a Snap:
Bplmonts, 12i<$,c slzs cut to 100
La Rosa, l-V^c size cut to 11
Sanchez & ilava. 12Vic size cut to 10a
Kl Telegrapho, 12%c size. 1 :... ;. ...... ....cut to 103
General Arthur. iUc straight ;.'... .cut toS for 250
General Burnslde, 10c straight. ... .cut to 3 for '-'3a
Figaro. 6c 5tra15ht....'.."."...... cut to 6 forSAa
King U, 6c straight cat to 6 lor 4ja
RETAIL at WHOLESALE prices.
<HkK>o^<><H><>o<>o
AN EXCELLENT
If 7TT? AT Properly prepared and
11/| r"* AV I promptly serrad, can
*» •"-*•* *■•»-' always bo obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the IT> AT A VT^ 1
PALACE
Bent in town. wßrnaammßmaasnammasaam
0000000000000
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riHARIiKS- U. I-UIUIill'S. ATTOKNKY-Atl.
V Law and Notary labile, 638 Market «u, oppo
•1M Palace Hotel. Telephon* 570. Besidoac* lit*
VaU knm. T«U»aoa« - Ma* ■ 3MA.Among all the Easter articles
that have been written in the
perpetuation of a custom as old
as the iestival itself, rarely has
cne been ventured from a can
didly secular point of view.
From the original dissertation
on this page of The Call to-day
it may ht discovered that the
secular view is really not a terri
fying one after all has been said.
How many have viewed the
Savior's attitude toward man as
our Easter poet has viewed rt
tc-day? Without sentiment, but
with a practical demand accord
ing to justice, the Lord here
points out to man the chosen
path and says, ** Dii I not tread
that path before thee, with
bleeding feet? "Why shouldst
thou be excused from dcing so ? n
The human frailty, the de
pendence of mankind upon the
triiling turns of fate, which are
so simply depicted in the Easter
story on the next page cf this
supplement to The Call will
impress the reader as no sensa
tional cr exciting tale could do.
The Easter of Nature as por
trayed on the second page will
prove a fitting companion piece.
Easter from a secular point of
view bids fair to furnish a disserta
tion which he who runs may stop
running to read standing still. Not,
however, to discover why a secular
view of a church function should
interest any one. If he should go
to that unusual trouble sincerely of
course the view would speedily
cease to engage his thinker so un
profitably, for he would perceive
that it was only the promise of
some uncommon commotion that
had appealed to him from the men
tal spectacle of a worldling about to
poke a pen into a religious bee
hive.
The love for innovations and the
enjoyment of unconventionalities
exploited by some one else are or
dinary human prerogatives, which
no one has the right to call either
failings or virtues. Suffice it for
mere man to recognize that they
afford him and all of his kind a
large share of the pleasure which
this capricious life admits of.
As a matter of fact, though, the
secular mind is in no position to
discuss a divine festival of any de
scription in its strict religious sense.
The secular mind solemnly believes
that it is. .In truth, it assumes
quite a superior air, and intimates
that it has the whole affair com
prehended in the hollow of one
hand, and that the same is but a
mere incident to the many more ex
tensive things which the secular
intellect has gathered about it.
Secularism is not necessarily agnos
ticism, but it resembles it in so far
as agnosticism imagines that each
great doctrine which it opposes is
only a small detail among many
which comprise the whole scheme
of agnostic reasoning. Secularism
is prone to measure things with a
"yardstick" as wide as the uni
verse, and thinks it can mark
Christianity cff in inches. The
question of a God is to it as one
apple among a basketful equally
worthy of consideration. And fre
quently it judges the one apple
by comparing it with some other
one. The universal significance
of the immeasurable thing which
it contends against fails to impress
it. It is small wonder, therefore,
that mere theoretical arguments by
agnostic or secular dissenters
against religious doctrines are so
generally superficial and uncon
vincing.
It is odd, of course, that the secu
lar observer should presume that
he knows more about Easter than
do those whose teachers designed
the festival and who are them
selves perpetuating it. What he
really knows is indubitably not
about it, but against it and apart
from it. Hence the secular view of
Easter must be full of irrelevancies
and void of descriptions. The soul
of Easter is its religious signifi
cance, which is never repudiated
by those who feel it, and conse
quently can never be repudiated
authentically. What secular ob
servers may construe from it are
such irresponsible reflections as
these.
As a holiday, divested of its
prime significance and accepted as
the world of fashion is pleased to
welcome it, Easter day is as valu
able as any other holiday, and no
more so. All holidays are alike in
that respect. They may be or
dained at a week's notice by the
President of the United States or
be founded upon the doctrines of
Jesus Christ in the year I — it is
all the same from a fashionable
standpoint, for fashion, while it
may pose in church as a religious
detail, is not Christianity by sev
eral lengths. The serene harmony
with which religion and fashion
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 18, 1897.
dwell side by side in church and
ride in the same carriage in the
park on Easter or any other Sun
day furnishes a problem which no
one dares to understand, even if he
imagines that he could do so by
bold figuring. A flat charge of in
consistency would, if proven,
smash in a twinkling something
that centuries full of kings, sol
diers, scholars and prelates have
pinned their scepters, their swords,
their learning and their faith to.
We all feel that there is a discrep
ancy somewhere — that the church
harbors certain proceedings which
we do not care to explain in public.
When asked how we reconcile the
celebration of Christ's resurrection
with a display of finery worn upon
the heads of our women we prefer
to shrug our shoulders and waive
the query aside as something we
do not pretend to understand. Any
answer that we might make would
serve the questioner nobetter. The
whole thing is impregnable, forti
fied by custom and clinched by
practice. The world doesn't rec
ognize the incompatibility of the
twin church-goers, fashion and re
ligion, wherefore to all intents and
purposes they are not incompatible.
And inasmuch as we can assert
nothing absolutely definite as to the
virtue of religion or fashion, we can
assert nothing definite as to the re
lation of one to the other. What
we think concerns only ourselves
and makes no difference in the gen
eral result, nor would it do so if we
were to howl it from the housetops
until doom were split Uke a rock
by the blast of our voices. Since
whims and not judgment influence
man in his administrations, social
as well as political, what a person
thinks according to logic seldom
matters in the disposition of the
world's impassively revolving af
fairs.
Most of us know that the festiv
ities attendant upon Easter had re
markable origins, albeit none of us
are willing to assert positively
what they were. They have been
described by historians of so many
FROM THE CROSS TO THE CROWN.
\ L riarktPtt)e/ldst. € r5 voice 50 s\ve e riy calling,
1 V$ . u Come,follo*/ M©
i f| O^r the dim moorland,wher c th<? are I i
J$ O'er hill and lee;
forsake for Me thy dear f&mi I jar places ,
Xjt Thy fathers shelter 'd house thy cheris<i biding place;
y Out ir\ th stormy ni^ht.
• Far from the warmth and li^Kt.
. lhdve&Cr°sst°r th^e
AAriseltbr in the East th« dawn j 5 breaking,
. And come away,
/fly burden on thy shoulders meekly taking,
-^7 Nok e^en stay
ro(ki^s once more through blinding t e ars thy direst,
;Tq clasp with e edm^, breaking h € art thy nearest,
' x 'L rfeinds must unloose tn ir hold»
f^ Carths joys £row feint and cold —
J / iwilLbe^jltothee. j.
Have I not trod lifes bitter road before th«e
r With W e edin^
8«&nno; alofve the Cross that shin^th o'er tt ee
■ " : With e saase sw«et?
fbr thy saKe have | wander'd faint and w^ary
Thro crowded city.ways and cH^rts dreary,
rii£h on the mountain bare
.- Thro* the |ors nights of prayer
Have I not thought of th«c?
1
f When ni^ht is darkest and th way s e ems locust
Press onward still,
strivirvs in thickest fisht wh^n foes are strongest
To do My will.
Look not b e hind th c to thy souls undoing*
Ur^e on thy footsteps fair\t,yet 'still pursuing.
,• When clouds above th e c dose
y -_ Whis^r to m e thy wo s—
Am I not near to thPc ?
f^~ s >J / "" . — . . .
ijls but a litt! e while and th n th dawning
Jpr Whe n I will come
" In the bright sunrise of eternal morning
To call tteeh c c home . ~"
If tKbu hast follow 'd me through and sadness
shall I not comfort th c c with joy and eoS?c OS?
_<- Wh lif e s dark days are o'er
£ ■ The on th c shining shore , /
r^-x » have a Crown for thee . jtyfp
George Bynd
kinds of veracity that we are in
this late age at a loss to decide
upon which kind we prefer. True,
the inception and inspiration of
Easter itself are well known.
First of all, it was set apart as an
anniversary, as all regular holidays
must be, and the great event which
it has since immortalized by that
process of annual recurrence is
one of the vital punctuation marks
in Christian history.
But the ceremonies incidental to
it, mostly of subsequent concep
tion, have as many origins imputed
to them as there were chroniclers
in the early days to describe them.
Like the bones of Columbus, their
location is amiably übiquitous, as
pliable to the ingenious fancy of
each historian as Christopher's
relics are accommodating to the de
mands of each earthly spot which
claims the proud distinction of be
ing their grave.
The idea of the Easter egg is
particularly variable and owes its
origin to no less than a dozen
sources. In that, however, it
does not fail to afford a manifesta
tion of divine forethought, for it
furnishes a rich field for the writer
of the annual article on Faster,
who is as regular every Easter
morning with his grave narration
of the festival's history from first
to last as is the passing of the
earth around the sun. And the
versatility of the ancients in fur
nishing him "historical facts" to
base his yearly resumes upon gives
him a chance to vary his accounts
of the origin and subsequent de
velopments of the ceremonies, and
makes it not unlikely that he will
be continuously entertaining if his
memory be not long enough to
reach back to his articles of pre
ceding years.
The majority of us, whether
professedly secular or not, are con
tent to take Easter as we find it
to-day — according its anniversary
significance the fullest respect,
recognizing in it the spirit which
inspired it and which will live in
its heart no matter how many
fancy layers of bark are wrapped
around it, and caring seriously for
only that prime cause of its ex
istence — without regard for the
origin of the various manners of
celebrating it. And in taking the
day as it is we shall proceed to en
joy it to the utmost. As a day of
enjoyment it is of course better
than other days only in so far as it
is specially recognized as a par
ticular occasion for seeking enjoy
ment. It is our duty to enjoy our
selves every day, and as much
more on holidays as their radiant
particularity will permit.
Of course there is one phase
which we children of a new world
will not be likely to think of in our
own pursuit of Easter for the gay
ety which it affords us. That is
the circumstance that in the Old
World, on or near the spot where
the inspiration of Easter took place,
the annual anniversary is not ob
served as a day of gayety at all.
In Jerusalem Easter is observed for
what it seriously, actually is, and
not according to the convenience
of any mortal plan for plea
sure or any temporal fashion.
The material reminders of the
crucifixion are right there before
those people. The reputed tomb
from which Christ rose on Easter
and the arches under' which
He walked on his way to the Cross
are still in evidence. To-day the
little children of Jerusalem will be
taken to these arches and led under
them and told what they signify.
The story of the wonderful
events which occurred there ages
ago will be illustrated by actual
relics, grimly and gauntly eloquent
with their dumb evidence pre
served upon them through all the
centuries. One writer has truly
said that these are "the only chil
dren in the world to whom the true
significance of Easter Sunday is
made apparent by an object lesson,
and such an. object lesson as no
Christian mind ever has the ad
vantage of realizing."
The same writer goes on to say
that "although nearly nineteen
centuries have elapsed since Christ
passed from among men the city of
Jerusalem does not exhibit notable
changes from its appearance, as
judged from history, at the begin
ning of the Christian era. It is
still the terminus of pilgrimages.
The same queerly gowned and
strangely hooded figures are seen
upon its streets now that were
familiar to those who lived when
Pontius Pilate was a disciple of
justice, so called. The famous
localities which the world has
learned to know are absolutely as
they were then. All about,
through and through, it is a place
of memories, and one which stirs
the emotions of even the most
flinty hearted." Perhaps it is as
well since we desire to make
Easter a holiday for gay rejoicing
that we do not live in Jerusalem
to be "stirred" by its memories.
Probably we are better off and
more at peace where we are.
So let us all take Easter in what
ever light we may prefer. Most
of us really regard it more as a
holiday than as anything else.
How we do it or why doesn't mat
ter, and those who conscientiously
preserve for it the significance of
a day of resurrection above all else
are not disturbed by the lighter
and more elastic significance which
the butterflies add to it.
May all the readers of THE Call
enjoy the day and the season to
their fullest measure according to
their best lights, for in that lies
the nearest approach to happiness
that this world affords.
Carroll Carrington.
The fmpDriane: of the inven
tion in army ordnance which is
fcr the first time discloei ia
to- Jay's Call (page 26) may
not bz c Imated in m:re word*.
A little ref ecticn upon it will
convince the reader that it is
dcs ined to lead to cne of those
innovations which mark epochs
in the cour-e cf modern progress*
It is already a practicable reality.
On page \9 of this paper will
be f aund two articles which com
bine novelty and interest with
important disclosures of news.
The preservation of Montezuma
Castle in Arizona will enthrall
the attention of scholars all over
the land, and the move toward
abolishing the fashion of Chinese
female f will be an
innovation to excite the world.
Unfrequented bicycle paths
around San Francisco are pointed
out on page 27, The literary
page, led by a caustic critique
on Gertrude Atherton's latest
novel, is number 23. The fash
ions are on page 28. Social
features occupy page 20. An
exceptionally appropriate juve
nile realm spreads alluringly on
page 24. The departments follow.18
ON
EASTER
MORNING.
The young man sat in a dejected atti
tude at the window. He watched the
doctor as he wrote out a prescription on a
neat little pad and rang for & messenger
boy to take it to the nearest drugstore.
The doctor's cool white fingers fluttered
for a moment over his wrist. . .
"Nervous system shattered,'' he mur
mured to himself. Then perfunctorily to
his patient:. "Five grains of my prescrip
tion will, no doubt, alleviate your pain
and you will sleep. If not better in
twenty minutes take the balance of the
I powder. ' By to-morrow morning you will
j be able to leave your room .and take a
stroll in the Easter sunshine. Good-by." |
The doctor pulled on a pair of handsome
gloves, smiled benevolently at his patient
and was gone. ".' ■ ./ '■ : ■
■ Frederick Wynne sat quietly for awhile
with closed' eyes. Then he turned and
looked out of the window of his hand
some hotel . suite. He expected every
minute to seethe messenger-boy thread
ing his way through the line of vehicles J
and streetcars carrying the tiny parcel in
his hand. But his head was aching
frightfully and His vision was obscured.
The wind sifted in through an open win
dow, buffeted the lace curtains and sent a
newspaper flying from the table over the
soft, rich carpet.
Everything about this young man be
tokened wealth. His. wardrobe was fine
enough for the best. The. elderly father
in an Eastern city supplied him with
money lreeiy, and had sent him on a trip
around the world. Yet Frederick Wynne
believed himself to be the most wretched
creature in the world to-night. The doc
tor had skillfully evaded the fact that he
was suffering from a prolonged debauch.
But, physically weak and morally de
graded, he could not hide his own humili
ation. He pulled at his thin mustache
and the perspiration stood out on his
forehead. The pai:i in his head was mad
dening now. Where was the messenger
boy and tbe healing draught?
Under the influence of strong excite
ment he rushed into the street. He had
a dim idea that he should meet him and
wrest the soothing powder from him. It
was almost dark, and the City was fast
becoming enveloped in a fog. He was
conscious of tbe sudden flaming out of the
electric lights across the dark rath of
evening, of men and women who walked
in the streets, but who were as impal
pable as air to his unsteady hands and
deaf to his impotent cries. Then he knew
no more.
The first moment— it was days after
ward—that Frederick Wynne could con
sciously connect with his past life
came to him one evening as be was stand
ing on a street corn* r. He was listening,
with a group of men and boys, to the
showy oratory of a ward politician. The
intermittent glaro of light from an arc
lamp lit up the rugged features and lent
an unnatural pallor to the uplifted faces.
The husky voice that proceeded from the
man upon the temporary platform alter
nately wheedled ■ and ridiculed. Every j
now and then there was a burst of ap- <
plause from the listeners, and bats were
thrown into the air. Wynne reached for
his own, with an enthusiasm borrowed
from the crowd. As he lilted it be was
conscious of a tender spot upon his head.
Just then the orator burst forth into his
peroration. He shouted : "From Occi
dent to Orient, from frigid north to sunny
j south" — Wynne waited to hear no more.
"Occident, Occident," he murmured
J vaguely in the ears of the jostling crowd.
Curious eyes were turned for a moment
I on the shrinking figure, and a good- !
| natured laugh issued from the men.
Wynne heeded it not. ■ He* was grasping
at some elusive fact, as he stumbled on.
! Tne speaker's words ad called to mind
i the name of his hotel, from which he
i must have lost his way while out walking.
' By dint of much inquiring he found his
! way to tbe hostelry, which was brilliantly
i alight. Ha walked directly to the office.
•'The key to my room, pleaie.'' The
J voice was quiet and gentlemanly, but the
clerk ey«d him with suspicion.
"What is your name and the number of
your room
Wynne's attitude was one of extreme
dejection. He stood leaning weakly
against the desk. He put his hand to his
head.
"I don't seem to remember," he said
slowly, as if trying to grasp at half-for
! gotten things. "Perhaps it will come to
me."
"Oh, probably," said the clerk, with a
cynical smile. "Meanwhile you had bet
ter go outside and walk up and down a
bit. It will refresh your memory."
Much disturbed Wynne turned to obey.
! On his way to the door he passed a large
■ plate-glass mirror, one of the showy em
bellishments to tbe office. He gazed in
mute astonishment at the figure reflected
| therein. There was an old hat on his head
that might have been picked from the
refuse of an ash barrel. He was without
a coat, and ' his shirt sleeves were ragged
and his trousers frayed at the bottom. A
heavy growth of beard adorned his face.
He raised one dirty hand after another,
he clutched at the air with bit fingers,
I that be might be sure that the reflection
I was his own. Tbe man in the mirror
made similar movements and Wynne
turned away with a feeling of revulsion.
He was too weak to understand it. Per
j haps it had been only a beautiful dream
that tie had once belonged to a rich and
: influential family. He felt faint; he
| would buy food and when stronger be
| could solve the mystery. He felt for bis
I purse. It was not there.. -
He stole out into the night again. The
I air was chill and penetrating, but he
| hardly thought of physical discomfort as
;h" wandered slowly down the street. Ha !
| crept into the shadow cast by the naphtha \
j torch of an Italian fruit-vender. The
j odor of roasting nuts and popping corn
j came gratefully to his nostrils. The
i streets had grown quieter, but lights
glowed defiantly from gilded palaces, and
gay music floated out from dancehalls.
j Just then a blue-coated individual with a
j star on his breast came down the street
j with measured strides. Wynne with un
! erring instinct moved on. Moved on and
j on, ever pursued and ever flesing, with
• mechanical step and drooping head, until
; the gray morning dawned.
He was standing with two ragged boys
j and ai. untidy woman before the window
Jo! an uptown restaurant. The man with
l in, wearing the cook's ccp and white
i apron, deftly turned the toothsome flap-
I j ticks. The smoke of the frying batter
| floated out on the crisp morning air, and
j the hungry man nearly, fainted- for the
food he craved. ;
A stoatly built young man left the mid
dle of the street, where he was superin
tending the construction of a sewer, He
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
hastily brnshed by Wynne, then turned
back and tapped him on the shoulder.
"Do you want a job?" he said.
Wynne made eager response. Noting
hii> pinched face and woe-begone appear
ance, the stranger held out a small piece
of silver.
"Go lv and get your breakfast. Then
come to the corner and ask for Mulligan
Mister Mulligan, mind you."
Wynne found his friend half an hour
later sealed on a pile of sewer-pipe serenely
emoking a cigar.
"There's a pick and shovel," he said
curtly. "We've cot to finish this job by
to-morrow night and the men are on a
strike."
Wynne toiled steadily all that day with
unaccustomed hands. His energy was
born of his extremity ana his strength
was that of two. Mulligan, walking up
and down along the brms of the excava
tion, eyed him with an approval that be
could not d s^uise. At night when Wynne
was scraping his tools he approached him.
"If there's no wife or kids you'd better
come home with me to-night," he said,
smiling reassuringly.
Wynne mutely assented. They rode en
the street car to an unpretentious cottage
in the outskirts. Within it was untidy
and uninviting, but it was a haven to the
man who had been so rudely tossed about.
Mulligan motioned him to a chair.
"I'll go and cook the dinner." he said.
"It's bachelor's hall with me."
Wynne begged that he might assist, and
together they boiled the coffee and broiled
the steak over the coal-oil stove. After
dinner they sought the garden in the rear i
ot the house. It was beautifully kept,
in striking contrast to the hou«e. Mulli
gan seated himself upon a bench and
pulled at his corncob pipe. It was a late
spring evening, rarely warm for the sea
son. The air was -fresh from a recent
shower and carried warmth and fragrance
on its gent le wings. The white blossoms
in the tall lily hedge glimmered in the
twilight like white faces in hoods of green.
Mulligan watched the rings of smoke
from his pipe as they dispersed in the soft
air. Gradually his tongue loosened under
the influence of the soothing tobacco. .•
. "You think," .he said, "that I asked
you. here to-night so them fellows
wouldn't influence you to leave the job.
Well, maybe i did; but there's another
reason," and he lowered his voice and
turned his face away from the fleeting
light.
. "Every night when I come home from
work I hope to see Nell coming round
the house to meet me, as she used —
tall and lovely as them flowers. We
planted them together, and the sight of
her walking amon? them made me think
of poetry and heaven. When I smoked !
she would lay her sunny head down on
my knee and whisper, 'I love you, Jim.'
Fool! Fool! Somehow I'd forget that I
was poor, plain Jim Mulligan. The [
majesty of love raised me. .Sometimes j
I'd Bay: -It's bard to be poor, Neil; you
were meant for riches.' The only answer
she would make would be, 'It's you that
I love, Jim.' ; •. ;. . .
"One day there came a letter to this
house. It was from the woman' that had
been my wife before I knew. Nell. Bhe i
was unworthy any good man's lave, and I j
had been separated from her legally for
five years: She signed herself 'Your lov
ing wife.' I found it. afterward crumpled
under the table, as if Nell in an agony or
mind had crushed it in her soft palms.
That night when I came home Nell was
krone. Not a word to tell me where or
why— only that little crumpled sheet
under the table from a wretched, lying !
j woman not worthy to unlace my. Nellie's
j boots. That : was six' months ago. I'm
! afraid to come home nights alone, for I
don't know what I may do to my ? elf.
There's' nothing : to live ' for v now but \
money, and I'm going to get rich, mind
you. Watch out for Mulligan— Mr. Mul
ligan 1" . . .
The strain of exultation with, which
. ■ - ■ . -v ■ • : „ ; • .
Mulligan finished bis story was broken by
a hard, dry sob. As if regretting his con
fidence be relapsed into silence. The stars
shone steadily in the heavens, and the two
men rose up and went into the house.
But exposure and toil had done their
work. It was only after weeks of illness
that Wynne rose languidly from his bed.
Mulligan, who bad been unceasing in his
devotion as long as Wynne was helpless,
could no Jouger curb his restless energy.
He would leave early in the morning,
calling out to his friend before closing the
door, "Keep a stiff upper lip aud make
the house tidy, for Neli might corae
home." Wynne learned to dread the
darkening of his expectant face as he
greeted hin» without a word from the
missing one at night.
The long, quiet hours of convalescence
were a revelation to Wynne. He was now
keenly alive to his position. He held in
his weak bands a few stout strands of his
frayed past. There was the journey taken
from his Eastern home, his suffering at
his hotel and bis subsequent awakening
in the streets of a strange city at night.
Where he had passed the intervening
time he could only uuess. He believed he
had been sandbagged nnd robbed. It j
seemed strange that so influential a per
son as he had been could have dropped
out of sifbt without causing a ripple on |
tbe social surface. He crept weakly to
(he newspaper offices and scanned the
bulletin-boards with eager eyes. He ex
pected to see written thereon:
stranc? disappearance of a prominent young :
: man. His friends, crazed wlui auxlety, Bcour- •
: ing ihe city. •
There was nothing of the sort there,
and his vanity was wounded. He thought
of writing home for funds, but the Wynne
grit was slowly asserting itself. His slug
gish life became aroused. He taw his
wasted opportunities stretch behind him
like an expanse of urid plain. He recog
nized the sterling qualities of men of
Mulligan's type. He believed if he could
redeem his wasted life and build anew the
tissues of character anywhere he could do
"PERHAPS IT WILL COME TO ME."
it among these people who did not know
his past. Under the whip of necessity
that zoaded them on he, too, might grow
strong and energetic- He resolved to drop
his identity, now and here, and be known
to the world by another name.
It was not strange that these two men,
driven like cheff before the strong wind
of fate, should continue as partners. Mul
ligan's keen business eye, always open to
the main chance, saw in bis friend latent
gifts that needed developing. Wynne was
piateful to the good-hearted Mulligan.
The firm of Mulligan <fe Brown, contrac
tors, took all sorts of jobs at low rates. It
swept tbe streets, removed garbage, built
sewers and prospered.
When spring cam* again, a fitful feeling
of restlessness took possession of Wynne.
It had been Mx months sinoe the firm was
established, and money bad accumulated
to his account. He began to have home
sick days. He remembered tbe services
at tne little church of St. Paul's in Bed
ford; t1.3 lilies in the chancel and the
surpliced choir. They clung to him as
dreams of childhood do to well-grown
men. With his memories came a strong,
desire to see his home again. Many a
night when his partner was peacefully
sleeping in the next room, he was plan
ning for his future. He could take hold
of his father's business with a strong
band and a resourceful brain. Money
meant humanity to him now.
One Sunday morning as they lingered
over the eggs »nd bacon he told MaliijcM
tbat be must go away. His friend was
aghast.
"Why, old fellow, you can't go in this
busy season. We're sure to get the con
tract for sprinkling the streets."
But Wynne stoutly persisted and Mul
ligan finally gave in. H- bad to be con
tent with a promise that Wynne wou'd
return by the Ist of June if he should find
nothing better to keep him away.
"What can be better." grumbled Mulli
gan, "than Eyetalian labor at $1 a day?"
A week later Easier morning dawned
again with its glorious promise of immor
tality. Frederick Wynne slept late. He
bad Deen busy tbe day before settling his
affairs and packing bis trunk, for ho was
1 to take the overland train for his home in
tbe East that evening. His partner, after
his custom, had risen early and gone ont
on tbe porch to smoke and read the paper.
Wynae was arvuiou from pleasant
April is tbe most beautiful month of tbe
year. lam aware that I have said this of
January, of February and of March, but it
is equally true of April. These are the
days when it is a joy to be afield in the
early morning hours, while tbe prass is
yet wet, and before the town below has
begun to rub its eyes and turn over in bed.
It is, in fact, the month when tbe fully
awakened year rises, clothed on in loveli
ness, to be«in fulfillment of iis early
promises. It is the true Easter month,
the joyful procession of all tbiiu-s risen.
Tho^e ancient pagans were not far from
the truth when tbey instituted the spring
time festival of nature's awakening which
we of a newer age and faith have turned
t« sacred use. How, since the world be
gan, its peoples In every land have cele
brated the year's resurrection. The feast
of Ostara. ihe Christian Easter, the old
myth of the sleeping Princess, beloved of
childhood, trace the recoid of this in
stinctive returning to the new beginnings;
the yearning for to-days that shall ba bet
ter than our yesterdays 1
The hot days of the past week have
seemed almost like the full tMe of sum
mer, crept upon us unaware, but there is
still a certain unmistakable youthfulness
about the growing things. The year is
yet young, not with the wild, suggestive
tenderness of its earner immaturity, but
full ot youth's vigorous promise. Most of
the fruit blossoms have "set," but enough
fragrant white bioonis still gleam amid
the fresh green of the new foliage to keep
in mind ihe beautiful orchard snows of
scarcely a week *ince, and to fill the nights
with subtle fragrance. The grasses and
dreams by happy voices and joyous laugh
ter. He sleepily made his toilet and
went into the living-room. There was
Mulligan, hid face beaming with happy
smiles.
His arm was about the waist of a tall,
fair, young woman. Wynne knew in an
instaut that it was Mulligan's Easter and
that this wbb something of what Easter
meant.
Mulligan proudly presented her to his
friend, and told with infinite pathos the
story of her loss and reappearance. The
woman's eyes, ablaz3 with love, rested
proudly on her husband.
It was only a brief tale. Nell had been
engaged as nurse in a hospital sines that
cruel day when she had found an erring
woman's letter to her husband. A woman
had died in her arms last night, but not
nntil she had told her nurse of her scarred
life and exonerated Mulligan from blame.
Nell laid the tired hands at rest and kissed
the siu-worn face. Then she prepared
herself to return to her home and hus
band.
A handsome, sun-burned young man
walked into the nearest church that
Easter morning. He followed the respon
sive readings, And the choir sans heavenly
strains. The little rector told in sym
pathetic English the story of the risen
Lord. Frederick Wynne thought of Mul
ligan's great good fortune, and there was
a thankful spirit in bis heart as be pon
dered over his own ill-desert and the new
I life that was born into him. He placed
his hat soberly on bis head, as he walked
out of the church door into the balmy
sweetness of the sprinz dnv.
Florence Uardixax Milleb.
vj-lo\ise-Hur\tir\g for a LjiVir\g.
A bright young woman in Philadelphia
makes ber living by house-hunting for
other people. Her own trouble in finding
the desired sort of domicile put the idea
into her bead. She has made arrange
ments with the real estate dealers, and
hunts bouses on commission. Besides,
she roceives a fee of 5 shillings from the
family for which she linds the house. All
that is necessary is to give ber explicit
instructions aa to what is wanted, and if
;-uch a place is to bo found inside the city
limita the finds it.
• — * — «
When is a candle properly vexed?
When it is put out.
forag* plants are in bloom, and It is deli
cious to lie down amid the niled-up clover
and alfileria and note the myriad minute
blossoms that make the earth more bril
liant than an Oriental rug.
There are manners and manners of
lying in the grass, but there is only one
way, and that is to forget all about one's
self and one's surroundings and lie flat
upon one's back. Only then is it possible
to see yhe wondrous beauty of tall tree
tops against the sit, ; to note the shadowy
j outlines of the distant hills. Colors come
j out with peculiar vividness seen from
j among the grasses, combinations un
dreamt of before are revealed by looking
athwart the slopes. We catch the blue of
the aky reflected in the eras* and the flow
ers, as well as in the pools. We see the
! preen of i rass and the yellow of poppies,
i the white of the wind-tossed orchards
shining back against the heavens and re
alize how absolutely the world is a whole,
j no least wayside weed living or dying to
itself.
. Nature, out here, has arrayed herself in
Easter garments. An Eastern paper of
the date of April 4 reached me this week,
and in it was exultantly noted tbe "first
crocuses" were peeping out and other
blossoms might soon be expected. It
were worth a trip across the continent to
greet the first crocuses, but, lacking that,
we have had a wealth of blossoms this
ftprihs and the hills are alive with color.
Old Californians tell me that we '"have ne
wild flowers compared to what bloomed in
the early days." Yet on the hills beyond
me I may wade through seas of cream
cups »nd baby-blue-ey s growing so
thickly that neither sod nor crass can be
seen. A glance through the open door at
my hand shows great purple patches of
brodeaia, and poppies and bnttercups
mate the slopes a mass of color.
Down in the meadow below me a child
is gatheiing her apron full of the
treasures, ana her little bobbing white
bonnet seems just on a level with the tall
Dinji m&llows through which she wanders.
Within a stone's throw the yeilow iris
blooms royally, and its cousin, the biue
eyed grass, has literally carpeted the
slope. Some love the wild violets, others
the lilies of the field, and for all the glori
ous poppies are full of delight, but to me
the blue-eyed grass is the most beautiful
thing thai grows. It has a more delicate,
wavering crace of form than the true iris,
a tenderer color than the violet, and the
very democracy of its growth out here is
but an additional charm. It is a chil
dren's flower, like the jolly buttercup,
and, compared to the Eastern variety, our
blue-eyed grass is a fairly rugged blossom.
The first trees to come into leafage here
abouts are tbe osier willows. The swamp
willows follow quickly, and later, asdepre
eating the cod clime, so different from
that of its native land, tha Oriental wil
low, the "weeping willow" of common
parlance. One should see these trees
wheu the leafbuds have just unfolded to
understand the full beauty of the phrase
in which the Arabian Nights' chronicler
describes all fair youtb, "graceful as a
sprig of Oriental willow"— albeit, there
seems a certain lack of fitness in speaking
of one of those long, down-drooping
sprays of feathery ereen as a "sprig." Tbe
liveoaks come out about ihe middle oi
March in a glory of golden foliage thut
soon turns a dark, glossy green. These
old trees make their annual change of rai
ment with a decent dignity that is charac
teristic of them, putting on the new man
tle and tuen, sheltered by its radiant
fold«, dropping the old one leaf by leaf
softly to the ground.
A little lizard who invaded my house
the other day was less particular. It was
a hot daj% and it may be he was too warm ;
or perhaps his new suit was just com
pleted, and he was anxious to note the
tit. At all events he seemed oblivious
of my presence, but fussed about for
awhile, running back and forth along the
table's edge, and finally went through a
series of gyrations that at Hrst led me to
fear he was about to emulate "the
squeechycumsquees that swoilers their
selvea." He stretched and twisted and
presently began to rub his head vigorously
with bis tiny front claws. Then, sudden
ly, and with the greatest apparent ease,
he turned his skin backward, from the
jaws, and slipped out of it as easily as a
lady might draw her hand from a glove.
He was a little breathless after the per
formance, and for a long time lay quite
still. At last he seem«d to take notice ol
me. He lifted his head, as though listen
ing intently, bis throat began to throb,
and ha finally turned and scuttled away,
leaving his old clothes on my writing
table. Tbe little cast-off garment is a
pretty thine, delicate and transparent,
and the wee, empty hands and feet have
a curiously appealing air.
This is a great year for butterflies. Ido
not remember to have noticed so many for
several seasons as throng tho air this
spring, fitting beautiful reminders of tbe
Easter season, for have not they, too,
burst their bonds and come forth to a glo
rious resurrection? This dainty creature
here on the alder, with his white wings,
mottled with blacic and pale-green, what
does he think of the bright world into
which he has come? He left the chrysalis
but yesterday. A week hence he will have
reversed his pretty wings, wrapping them
about his body as these creatures do, in
death, and his little day will have passed,
but tbe sweet old mythos will repeat itself
season after season, the Prince will ti ss
j tbe Princess to surprised awakening, we
sball bail the goddess Ostara, patroness of
the springtime. "Wuo knows," says
Michclet, "but that I am the chrysalis of
a man?" __________^
A Qo\terr\rr\2r\t Orchard
The French is the only European Gov
mentthat maintains an orchard for the
special cultivation of the apple. It is In
the garden of the Luxembourg, in a snog
corner, and well protected by being com
pletely railed in. Two hundred and fifty
varieties are cnltivated, and hither come
all the pomologists of France for cuttings.
When the fruit in this Government apple
orchard is ripe it is divided into four lots.
The finest fourth is sent to the President
of the Republic aud figures at the official
dinners of the season. The second is for
the Prefect of the Ssine; the third for the
Military Hospital in Paris, and the fourth
goes to the large restaurants of Parts.
There are 180,000 acres of apple orohards
in the United Kingdom, producing 100,000
tons of fruit, realizing about £10 per ton ;
a ton of fair quality will make from 100 to
200 gallons of cider— of which 12,000,000
gallons ate produce! annually. The av
erage consumption of apples per head of
population is 11 pounds; this enta-ls the
importation or from 900,000 to 1,000,000
barrels yearly from other sources. — Tit
Bin,THE PRESERVATION OF MONTEZUMA CASTLE IN ARIZONA.
A strong effort was made to get the last Arizona Legislature to pass a bill appro
priating a modest sum o' money to be expended in the preservation, at least, 01 Mon
tezuma Castle, which is the largest pud most pretentious of the prehistoric ruins
exiant in ihe Territory. The sum of $JjO3 was asked for, and hud the amount been
allowed it would have been sufficient to have provided for the partial restoration of
the noble rnin upon the original lines, which are yet clearly discernible. But the
Legislature had an economical streaK, and its few members who took any interest in
arebsological matter* wtre unable to offer any trades or other inducements to secure
the passage of the bill.
Now. however, several private individuals who realize the importance of preserv
ing these ruins, have taken the matter in hand and are attempting to raise a sufficient
fund by subscription. A few hundred dollars will be enough to preserve the ruin in
ts present condition for many years to come, while a couple of thousand wiil be
enough to restore exterior walls to their original condition.
The appellation "Montczuma Casile" is certainly a misnomer, for none of Monte
zTima's people ever reached Ar.zona. The castle is far older than any of those built
by the same race that welcomed Cortez an i his band of pillaging treasure-seekers to
their shores. It was the opinion of Lieutenant Gushing, who had charge of the fa
mous Hemingway archaeological expedition, that the ruins in Verde Valley, where
Montezuma's cas;le is located, were those of the Toltec, a race that was the forerunne l "
of the Aztecs, and in many respects their superior. His opinion also was that what
is now known as Moricopa County at one time contained a population many times
greater than the present population of the entire Territory.
And the center of this population was the Verde Valley, which lies to the north of
and appears to be a tributary or branch of the greater Salt River Valley. Beaver
Crrek courses through Verde and the banks of this stream are lined with ruins of the
cliff-dwellers, as well with the crumbling walls of other peoples who lived in great
stone and cement houses. What is Knowr. as Montezuma Castle is the largest and
most pretentious of these latter ruins, but it ta surroun.ied on all sides by numbers of
cliff dwellings dug into or carved out of the solid rock.
Montezuma's castle probably takes its name from a huge hole intheground that
has been given the fanciful appellation of Montezuma's well. There are cliff dwell
ings carved into ttie walls of thii huge well, which is now partly filled with good
spring water that courses down from a lakelet some distance above.
The old cas-tle stands well inside a huge cave formed by the erosions of time in a
limestone formation. There is an outer battlement wall at the mouth of the cave, but
this is in a far worse state of preservation than is the castle within. The castle is a
huge building constructed of a lime concrete. Jtisperhapa a hundred feet long and
fifty feet in width. There are several stories to the building and the floorings are la a
One of the Cliff Dwellings on Beaver Creek, Near Montezuma Castle.
TO LIBERATE THE TENDER FEET OF CELESTIAL DAMSELS.
Within the next ten weeks there will be triad In San Fran
cisco an experiment which is without parallel in a period of
1000 year-". This is nothing less than lecal interference with
the practice of making small feet artificially for the maidens of
Chinese parentage who reside on the sandy peninsula of San
Francisco. Imagine the effect of an attempt to regulate by law
the corsets which are worn by the blue-eyrd maidens of Ger
many, the yellow-haired girls of Scandinavia, th* chic girls of
pay Paris, the red-cheeked girls of England and the brilliant,
high-spirited maids of the broad dominion of Uncle Sam!
Imagine what a ta«k it would ba to commingle the castes of
India, to transform the ladies of Borneo, to cure the
Hawaiian maid of her fondness for swimming in the breakers
which impearl her beloved island of Oahn! That would ail
be easy in comparison with the execution of a foot reform
among Chinese girls.
Nevertheless a gentleman of prominence in this City has
Towed that lie will take steps to.prevent hereafter the maiming
of any Chinese girl in the proud City or San Francisco. He
wishes to remain unknown tor <he prevent, but he is the presi
dent of probably the most popular public institution in San
Francisco — one which is daily visited by crowds of our most
intelligent people. Pie realizes the difficulty, but is firmly in
earnest. Befpre the week is out ho will address letters to both
of the Societies for the Frevention of Cruelty to Children, ask
ing them to interfere to prevent the torture upon little Chinese
giris.
When Chinese womon began to curb the natural growth of
their feet is not absolutely known. But the most credible
legend says ttia t one thousand years aco there was a veritable
Chinese Cinderella, worthy to wear gla<s ilippers and to ride in
the smallest carriage that mice ever drew! Paung-hi was a
favor.'te of Ting-hain-chio, in the time of the Tang dynasty.
Her feet were so small and dainty that they alone won her
fame. Golden lilies were embroidered by royal mandate upon
the silken fabrics upon which she proudiy trod. But even
pretty little Paung-hi was not satisfied. Spots there are oa the
sun, and ambition ever fails to realize its ideal.
Pretty as her feet were, she still thought that she could im
prove upon them by lacing them. Straightway the facile minda
of the children of the Orient '"caught on," as might bs >-aid in
Occidental vernacular. "By degrees," says a hoary and vera
cious Mongol chronicler, "the people (women) imitated her
example until the custom prevailed in all the provinces of tne
empire. 1 '
In San Francisco, one thousand years later, native daugh
ters of the Golden West, almond-eyed, olive-skinned, b!oom
ingly appareled in as many vivid colors as a Duich tu!ip-bed in
humid bpringtime, are weeping, croaninz, day alter <tftjr, under
going torture?, that they may assume the badpe of gentility.
In hovels reeking with filth and redolent of the nauseating
lumes of opium, in underground, clmrnel-likeaoodes. where the
poorer coolies nest like burrowing rat», in the stores and marts
where chairs of ebony are considered ev»ry-day accompani
ments of ordinary barter and dicker, from Kearny street to the
crest ol Powell street, and from California street to Jackson
street — there are childish groans, streaming tears, hobbling and
crippled children, losing all the joys which arise from activity
to be genteel!
Every daughter of every Chinese merchant in San Fran
cisco is perforce a small-footed cirl. When the children are
about 5 or (j years old the compression by bandaging begins, to
prevent their further growth and to give
them the form and appearance so much
admired by the literary people of China,
For this purpose the foot is practically
extended to the ankle. The fleshy portion
of the heel is pressed downward and for
ward and the entire foot is carefully wound
with a long bandage from the ankle to the
extremity of the toes and back again.
T»e smaller toes are crowded together
unnaturally an<i bent under the foot and
the foot is prevented from spreading out,
as when the weight of the body is thrown
upon it in a state of freedom. It tapers
to a point at the end of the great toe. The
instep is made unnaturally prominent
and the os calcis, or bone which forma the
bottom and posterior part of the heel, is
turned downward. The foot, so com
pressed, is placed in a short, narrow shoe,
tap?ring to a point, and sometimes a block
of wood is used, so supporting the heel
that the body seems to stand on tiDtoe,
the h»el being from one to two inches
higher than the toes.
It usually requires two years or longer
for the feet, if properly treated, to become
cramped into the genteel shape. The
foot gradually shrinks and shrivels up.
Vhen after months of compression the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
THE PROCESS OF BANDAGING THE FEET.
Montezuma Castle, in Verde Valley, Arizona, One of the Noblest Toltec Ruins Extant, a Fund for the Preservation and
Partial Restoration of Which Is Now Being Raised.
sm all toes are xinbandagod for the purpose of being washed or
repressed, they are unable to assume their original position, and
appearance, but remain curled up and almost devoid of sensa
tion or feeling.
When the proem is begun at the raon favorable age of the
victim i he heel can sometimes be brought clown even with the
tips of the toes. But if the girl reaches above 12 years before
the torture is inflicted it is very dificult to make ncr feet a-
sume the "proper" shape. The bones by thistime have become
hardened and almost full size Generally in such ca«e^ merely
the toes ore bent under, leaving the rest of the foot in its nor
mal condition. Larger shoes may be worn and easier wnlking
done by thi* class, and it is not uncommon for a girl so fixod to
eventually discard her foot bandages Mid leave her feet at liberty
to go back to their original lorm. Tuis is esi>eciallr true of
girls who go out to work for wages and are required to walu
abont a good deal.
0' course a large proportion of the women of China have
what are called "large feet" from the cradle to the vrave.
That is to say their feet are never hamp<-red by bandages.
Small feet are not so much a national custom as an individually
elective fashion, denoting a particular profession of gentility
rather than a confeired or purchased distinction. The words
"good looking" are very frequently heard as indicative of the
estimation in which they are held. It is but just to some
Chinese to say that they denounce the custom an I view it as
nothing mott than a crippling of the energies of the female >ex,
and as productive of a great deal of needless suffering. Yet
those -*ho admit that ibis is the case cfier all feel obliged to
conform io the custom in regard to their own daughters if they
reside in the cities or are associated with the literary classes.
There la no torture that a woman will not undergo for the pur
pose of being in the fashion or beinsr thought distinguished.
So it was that the new Chinese Minister's wife, whose fame
as an uncommonly small-footed woman has spread throughout
the United States from San Francisco during the past week,
acquired the shape of foot which the Chinese poetically call
"golden lilies." So it is that tiie daughters of shrimp-catchers
and merchants, of house-servant 3 and cigar-rollers, of high
binders and keepers of gambling dens, have become small
footed. Walking through the alleys of Chinatown the contem
plative observer may be surprised any day to see a gorgeous
and stiange apparition. Pattering over sidewalks of plank,
climbing laboriously and with shortened breath, are large
footed women, erect, robust, toiling as beasts of burden. Upon
their backs are their patrician sisters, raised from the plebeian
to the patrician state through enforced and unnatural
deformity. Masses of shimmering silks and glancing
jadeMone rings, and waxen coiffures made gay with
artificial flowers, are these women of fashion, who taper steadily
downward to an animated exclamation point. They could not
walk around a block in halt a day. They are as helpless as the
extinct dodo. Yet in their eyes is pride, and the onlooking
hoi polloi. the flotsam and jetsam of the Chinese human stream,
feed pride with their undisguised admiration.
It is said that about nine-tenths of the females who are
brought up In the cities have bandaeed feet, thus indicating
more clearly than anything else that it is a mark 01 aristocracy
and fashion. And, of course, the poor people desire to emu
late the fashion and hope to become higher in caste oy a method
whic i involves no outlay of money, for no one is too poor to
ob-.aic bandages. But poverty, nevertheless, gets in its work
rood state of preservation. Nearly all the dividing walls, which separate the interior
into many chambers of various sizes, are also well preserved. The roof of the cavern
was the roof of the top story, and above the parapet are galleries on three sides.
The front of the building rises into a very symmetrically .-haped dome, and this is
tlie only part of the structure that boasts a rcof. The floors are maJe of red cypress
roles, that appear to have been hewn with rough stone hammers. Thi« cypress is
said to grow only in the Verde Valley and in certain parts of the Holy Land. The
wood is finely pieserved. It looks much like the red cedar of which lead pencils
are made. Over the cypress poles are placed sacruara (giant cactus) ribs, and over
these ribs is packed closely a coating of white clay mixed with straw and leaves,
all of which makes an excellent flooring. Tut cypress poles have been barked, but
lack all other finishing.
A wealth of ancient pottery and stone implements, obsidian, turquoise and other
precious substances has tKen taken away from the miscalled Montesama Castle, but
much still remains, and the castle itself is well worthy the sincere efforts of thought
iul men and women to restore and preserve.
Dr. Miller of Prescott, a confirmed and very learnei and enthusiastic antiquarian
and archaeologist, together with Frank C. Reed of Flagstaff, who is also deeply
skilled and interested In these wonderful relics of a past and almost unknown civili
zation, is chiefly responsible for the efforts now b»ing made to preserve and restore
this splendid monument ot a time-dim civilization, and tho<e who desire to con
tribute to such a worthy cause should address their subscriptions to Mr. Reed.
Charles F. Lummij, one of the best authorities on tne anrient ruins in the South
west, and one of the very lew writers who have ever described the Rto Verde ruins,
Las written the following on this notable prehistoric monument:
Four or five miles up leaver Creek from Camp Verde, anciently hewn by the patient stream
from a lime-stone hill, is a strnnge, white cliff, '200 feet high, a scmi-,u:ie in shape, sheer as a
wall. * • • Far up Its f*ce is v great cavity, like a basin set on edge; an.l therein the human
martens of long ngo stuck their prodigious nest. The gray ruin, half in the white sunlight,
half high in ihe eternal shadow of the cliff's brow, looks as If carved from the rock behind it.
Ttiis prehistoric American castle is five stories high— about lifty feet. The upper tier, far
back in the shadow ot the rock, is hardly visible la the photographs. The crescent-shaped
front is over sixty feet in length. The rooms number twenty-five; while below the castle, mid
at its sides, are many osher tiny chambers— natural crottoes in the cliff, walled in front with
rubble masonry. The foundation of the casile is about eighty feet atove the loot of the clifl't
and is not— uor ever was— accessible except by ladder*. •■• • Heedless relic-nuaters have
bo undermined the walls thai some of them sre in danger of falling; and when the process
begins the whole castie will co very fist With a little enre snd attention It would stand for
another 500 years; "and if this great rich Philistine of a Nation let it fall. to wreck, the shame
would be indelible.
of restriction in another way. Neces-itv lays its interdict on
many families, compelling them to rear their daughters with
feet upon which they may work in the fields and bear heavy
burdens. The girls of China contribute largely toward tha
maintenance of their parents' households. Many poor families,
however, prefer to struggle along fora precarious living, doing
all the work themselves, in order to brine up their daughters
with small feet. As has been said, small feet are not an index
of wealth but of gentility, and families whose daughters have
the proper feet are enabled to marry them into more respect
able and more literary families than if their feet were of the
naturul order.
Br.t if the movement, now in its incipiency. can make suffi
cient headway, all this ridiculous vain show must go. While
the Chiuese cynic, porine over the problems of life through h:s
slant eyelids, may wonder gravely how it would bo in Canton
or Pekiiu* if ;he Knaperor of the'Fiowery Kinedom should issue
an edict that ladies ot European or American ancestry residing
in his dominions should thereafter relrain from torturing them
selves and their children fey lacing, compressing their ribs, dis
placing their vital organs and causing deformation, under
penalty of the cangue, or the bastinado, or some o;hfr deter
rent, his thought may ba considered irrelevant and immaterial.
The deformation by the compression of feet must stop.
Information derived from reliable sources leads to tl c con
clusion that not le-s than 1000 Chinese girls of very tender age
are now undergoing that form of torture in San Francisco alone.
Here the bandaging of the feet is performed by nurse-.
The feet are first immersed in hot water, hotter and hotter,
until it reaches nearly the scalding point. This helps to relax
the muscles. At ence the bandages are applied, and made as
tight as practiced skill and strength can effect. Thereafter they
are never removed or relaxed except to apply new ones. One
thousand children in torture to bo relieved necessarily implies
a great task for the ollicers of the humane societies if they shall
be induced to seriously undertake to perform it fully. Children
with bandaged feet, being able to wa'k very little, must be
sought in the fastnesses and secret nooks of Chinatown. The
entire fashionable sense of the daughters of the Flowery King
dom must be assailed. Really nothing surpassing the proposi
tion in odd and unique human interest has amen in modern
times.
A fact little known to men and women of Caucasian blood
is that the Chinese regard a pair of little Chinese feet, made
small by compression, an unmistaKable mark of chastity.
Never in all the history of the Chinese in San Francisco has
this been disproved, skilled interpreters of the Chinese lan
guage recard this statement as axiomatic. Mysterious as the
Chinese are in most things there is no greater mystery to care
ful students than this nndeviatine feminine rule. The girls
have undergone so much physical pain and prolonged agony
lor the sake of gentility that what they have acquired they
hold dear. To destroy this distinction will be to Chinese
equivalent to abrogating the significance of the decoration of
the Order of the Garter.
Contrary to common supposition Chinese women's shoes
are three inches long on the sole, and even shorter are not un
common in San Francisco. What that implies let the average
American lady ask herself.
The laws of theempire are silent en the subject of bandaging
the feet of female children. Bandaginc the feet is simply a
custom; but it is a custom of prodigious
power and popularity, as may be easily
inferred from what has been said above a
custom as imperious as was the custom of
tight laciDg by ladies in some countries at
the West, ani perhaps not more ridicu
lous or unnatural, and much less destruc
tive ol health and lire. While foreign
ladies wonder why Chinese ladies should
compress the feet ol their female children
so unnaturally, and perhaps pity them for
being the devotees of such a cruel and
useless iashion. the latter wonder why the
former should wear their dresses in the
present expanded style, and are able to
solve the proDlem of the means used to
attain such a result only by suggesting
that they wear chicken-coops beneath
their dresses, from the fancied reeem
blance of crinoline skirts, of which they
sometimes get a glimpse, to a common
instrument for imprisoning fowls.
An aerolite ieil in Belgium, Injuring a
man who was working in the fields. It
weighed thirty pounds, one side being
smooth and covered with what resembled
hieroglyphics cut by means of an instru
ment. Some people think it may be a
message irom Mars.
1920
EVENTS OF THE WEEK IN SOCIETY
The joyous peals of the Easter bells usher
in a brief gay period and then— au revoir to
the season '96-97 and the exodus of society
to the various summer resort*.
The most elaborate event of Easter week will
be the wedding ot M;ss Mattie Whittier and
William B. Weir of New York, to take place at
half-past 8 o'clock next Wednesday even
ing at the residence of the father of the bride
elect, W. F. WhUtier, UO3O Jackson street. The
ceremony wil. De witnessed by only the bridal
party and relatives. At 9 o'clock there will be
a reception, for which a large number of invi
tations has been issued. Miss Lottie Wood
will be tne maid of honor, and the brides
maids will comprise Miss Hattie Jacksou, Miss
Harriet Griswoid and Msss Jessie Weir of New
York. George Danforth of New York will act
as best mac.
The weddinsr of Miss Maraqulta Collier and
Atherton Macondray will take place at noon
on Wednesday, June 2, at the residence of the
parents of the bride-elect. Captain and Mrs.
William B. Collier, on the shores of Ciear
Lake, near Lakeport, .Lake County. Gerald
Rathbone will act us best man.
Many of San Francisco's and all of Oakland's
belles and beaux are in a state of pleasurable
excitement preparing for the masked ball,
whicn will be held on Easter Tuesday at Ebell
Hall. The Oakland ladies under whote au
tpicei it will be given arc the patronesses of
the Wednesday Night Dancing Club. Mrs. A.
X. Drown and Mrs. W. F. McNutt of this City
are alto patronesses.
The arrangement! for the grand Parisian
fete ca.led "The Gingerbread Festival," for the
benefit of the Children's Hospital and Train
ing School for Nurses are progressing wel,
aud the affair gives ironiise of being interest
ing aiid successful. It will last one week, day
and night, and the exact dates will soon be
announced.
Last month the Green Park Club, the swell
ladies' club of London, listened to tne sinziiiK
of W. H. Keith, barytone. Other San Fran
ciscans present were Mrs. Thornburg and her
daughter, Mrs. Thombnrg-Cropp-T. '
Miss Ada Weigel.the well-known pianist,
was married Wednesday to John O. Powers.
The wedding, which took place at San Rafael.
The borne of th 6 bride's /atner, was very quiet,
on account of Mr. Weigels illness.
The Entre Nous Cotillon will give an assem
bly and german on Friday evening, April 30,
at the Palace Hotel. Several pretty and intri
cate figures will be danced.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Preparing for Elaborate Easter
Weddings.
The engagement is announced of William
Brady Jr. and Miss Lilian V. McMahon, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence McMahon.
Ine engagement is announced of Miss Eva
Estelle Worth, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. A.
Worth, and George K. Gay. The wedding will
take place siiortly aher Easter.
The weddiae of Henry Goldstone and Miss
Florence Olcovich, daughter of Herrman 0.
--covicn, will take place m May at the Califor
nia Hotel.
Mr. and Mra. Marcus Levy of 1702 1 ; B:
--rhauan street announce tho engagement oi
iheir daughter Miriam (now in Chicago) to
Max Simon of Chicavo. They wi'l receive in i
hor.or of the engagement on Sunday after
noon, April 18, troin 2 to 5 o'clock.
Tho wedding of L-on Lewin and Lillian
Goodman will take place Ai>ril 27, at t> o'clock,
at the residence oi Mrs. R. Goodman, 1420
P..st street.
The wedding of Miss Minnie Rowe, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Wastie, anil Clarence
Norman riavlin will be celebrated Monday,
April 19, at Trinity Episcopal Church, Ban
Jose.
The engagement is announced of Robert
Ransome Higgins oi Needles, Cal., to Mar
guerite, daughter of Mrs. A. C. Hiester. The
wedding will take place Friday, April 30. at
linnn.
HOME GATHERINGS.
Receptions, Dances and Anniver
saries of the Past Week.
Mr. and Mrs. Richard T. Wessler gave one of
their delightful "at homes" on Tuesday even-
Ing, April 0, at their charming residence, 37
Fulton street. Oaly a chosen few were in
vited and the evening was spent in music and
songs. At 11 o'clock the guests adjourned lo
the dining-room, where an elegant supper was
served. Among the invited guests were: Mr.
and Mrs. Widder, Mis? Lillie Roeder, Miss
Lottie Maier, Mls« M. Leonhardt, Miss Emma
Frey, Miss Lena Laib, Messrs. Fred Frank,
Fred Widder. Fred Plagemann, Chris Hilbert
and Gus Wirtder.
On Saturday last Mr. Edward Kaneln was
the recipient of a most enjoyable surprise
party tendered him by a numberof his friends
at his residence, 413}£ Larkin street, the occa
sion serving as a "bend off" prior to his con
templated departure for the East.
Notable among the evening's entertainment
were a number of original recitations, tome of
the contributions being "Der Limas," by Miss
Nellie Flynn; -My Cat," by Miss Aurelia
Austermuhle, and "A Chase," a very vivid
scene, by Miss Annie Foley.
Mr. Kaneln carried the evening by his ex
ceUei.t rendering of music on five differeut
instruments.
The guests then retired to a sumptuous sup
per served in a most elaborate manner. Max
Cowen gave the toast, which was heartily re
■pondel to by Will Kline.
Tnose present were: Miss Uzxie flynn, Miss
Annie Foley, Miss Katie Flynn, Mit,s Amelia
Außtermuhle, Miss Natalie O'Conner, Miss
Gertrude Smith, Miss Nellie Flynn, MUs M n
nie Kanein, Mr. and Mm. Kanein, Josenh Der
zog, Austin Bates, Max Cowen. Oscar Kanein,
James McCarthy, L. Goldstein, Will Kline and
Edward Kanein. Mr. Kanein leaves shortly
for an extended tour through the East and Eu
rope.
Master Harold Barron of Ocean View enter
tained a number of his friends on April 2, in
honorof his eighth birthday. Those present
were: Mary Lane, Mary Kelly, Mabel Gering,
Ruble Fisher, Clara Keipin, Annie Keipin.
Emma Barion. Nellie Bokworth. Jack Bok
worih, Allie Murphy, Harry Murphy, Henry
Einger, Louie Ben, Will Hall, Fred Barton,
Robert Campbell and others.
On Thursday evening. April 9, Miss Ruby
Royiance held a reception at her residence,
2310 Folsora stree.. Among those present
were: Miss Lily Radford, Miss Annie Hellwig
Miss Katie Walsh, Miss Isabelle Welsh, Miss
Ruby Roylar.de, Charles Sutherland, Warren
Irelan, Frank Irelan, Otis St. Denis and Cola
Walsh.
A farewell party was given to David Gibbs
on Sunday evening last by nis friends, Abe
Goidmeyer and Isidore Kb ruler, at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. L. Uoldmeyer, 135 Russ
street. The evening was spent with music,
dancing and game*. At midnight a supper
was served, to which the guests did amDle
Justice. Among tbo«e present were: Miss
Tresa Golameyer, M:ss Hattie Jarvis, Miss
Rnae Blumeteld, Miss Lena Gordon, Miss Min
nie Robinson, Miss Esther Cohn, Miss Nettie
Appleton, Miss Dora Leavitt, Mis* Flos de Fa
rm*, Miss Beck Simon, Miss Mary Scharff,
Miss Rose B.mon, Miss Surah Muller, Miss
Miliie Friedman, Miss Tessie Fiiz, Miss Mabe!
Hftrman, Dave Gibbs, I. Kumler. Abe Gold
meyer, Abe Kamler, Harry Kline, Frank East
wood, Adolph Bremler, Ben Sheyer, Abe Kar
ehl, Marks Levy, Dan Sullivan, Harry Cohn,
George Htockwitz. Jack Fora, Jules Dittier,
Max Gertie, Julius Bachman.
The confirmation party of George Florentine
took place at the residence of his mother, Mrs.
A. Florentine. 1152 Golden Gate avenue, on
Saturday last Among those pres.-nt were:
Miss Rosie Samuel, Miss Millie Bernstein, Miss
Felicia Lowensiein, Miss Josie Cohn, Miss
Juliet Samuel. Miss Bijou Hopkins. Miss Julia
Lowenstein, Miss Maoel Topitz, Miss Sarah
Bernstein, Miss Lo tie Ehrlich, M;ss Birdie
Cohn, Miss Hannah Bernst in.
A meeting of the Monday Xleht Whist Club
was heid at the residence of Herbert Baiiey,
1030 Passe street, Monday evening, April 5.
Alter a iao<<t enjoyable game of whist the bal
ance of the evening was devoted to an <-xc?J
lent impromptu mus cal programme. A fine
supper served at midnight concluded a very
successful evening.
Tho«e present were: Miss Mnud Lindley,
Miss Edyttac Mil s, Miss Belle Ensign, M ss
Marl* rartndue, Mia ggnei R;ver, the Misses
Alice and Sophie Br.nuan, Miss Grace Mar
ihali. Miss Maud Cornish, Miss Osiuers, Mis •
lildretn, Kaipn Sinclair, Joseph Dttwling, Mr
Datrenhan, Lucian Tricow, Eugene Tricow
Milion Bailey, Herbert Bailey, Rubert Belcher
Bert Georges, Mr. Smur, Mr. Osmers.
A party was given in honor of Harry Marko-
I witz on Aprli 3. Those present were: Miss V.
Posner. Miss L. Altneld, J. Grnnoiky, Mr. All
field, Mi>s F. Crown, Miss M. Levy, & Cohn : B.
I Hews, Miss R. Joseph, Miss t. Harris. C. Cowin.
| B. Alineld. Miss C. flyman, Aaron Levy, Miss
C. Markowitz, Miss L. Harris, P. Cronburg,
Miss H.Crwn, J. Crown. Miss L. Crown, f.
! Markowitz, Miss M. Samuel, J. Hymau, Miss
i G. I. even-, Albert Levy.
The gathering oi the Thursday Afternoon
Whist Club, held at the residence of Mr-. 11.
B. Sinclair, 1030 Page street, was a churniing
affair. After an en joynble game of w'nist an
elaborate supper was served, concluding a
very successful afternoon. Those j.rene-it
were: Mrs. Belle Hovey. Mrs. Christy. Mrs.
Miner, Mrs. Bealls, Mrs. Fiske, Mrs. Joy, Mrs.
Martin, Mrs. Sides. Mrs. Hawes, Mss Hawes.
Miss Beuzon. Mrs. Bailey, Mrs. Hwett, Mrs.
Cummings, Mrs. Boyee, Mrs. Pierce.
Wadsworth Harris oi the Otis Skinner Dra
matic Company, now at the Baldwin Theater,
gave on Thursday afternoon ot this week a
most pleasing dramatic recital to the young
ladies of Irvine Institute and their friends.
The talented young actor read from Eugene
Field, James Whitcomb Riley. Owen Meredith
and SbakesDeare, showing not only the wide
range of his genius but also the keen 1 iterary
appreciation of the scnolar for the special
gems of each author.
A very pleasant evening was spent at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Hubert Husband, '222
San Jose avenue, on Tuesday last, in honor of
their twentieth anniversary (china wed
ding).
An excellent literary and musical pro
gramme was rendered. Including recitations
by Professor Cyrus B. Newton, piano duet by
Miss Isabel Jones aud Master Fieteher Hus
band, quuneis by the Clara Schumann quartet
and h male quartet consisting ol 1). Lawrence,
Mr. Morris, Mr. Henry and H. Lawrence, con
tralto solo by Mrs. Homer S. Henley, soprano
solo by Mrs. Bradford of Alameda, Lenor iolo
Dy D. Lawrence, Darytone solo by H. Lawrence.
After this we.l-reudered programme the
company partook of refreshments in a large
tent which had been erected in the grounds
surrounding the house. Here tables had been
arranged and beautifully decorated and light
ed by Japanese lanterns. During the supper
music was discoursed by a stringed orchestra
of ten instruments.
I. J. Truman presided at the banquet 6nd J.
J. Morrii had cnarge of the musical pro
gramme. Miss Helen Dan'.y, Mrs. Elgin Me-
Nab, Mrs. H. Q Wilson, Mrs. j. Beaumont and
Mrs. J. Williams supervised the decorations ol
the supper-tables.
Those present included: Miss H. A. Horrell,
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Lawn- nee Jr., Mr. and Mrs.
John L. Howard <•{ Oakland, Mr. and Mrs. S.
Homer Henley, Mr. and Mrs. .1. J. Morris, Mr.
«nd Mrs. J. O. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Ilarne,
Mr. and Mrs. Dan Lawrence, Mr. and Mrs. Don
Pardee Riggs. Joseph G. Sanchez. S. R. Church,
Aubrey Fair, N. J. Rodgers, Professor Cyrus B.
Newton, Miss Grace Davis, Miss Boya'n, Mir.
and Mrs. Samuel Moote, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Husband of Alaraeda, Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Baker, Mr. and Mrs. D. Hen
derson, Mr. and Mrs. John Wniuingion, Mr.
and Mrs. J. G. Whittington, W. R. K. Young,
Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Snnok, Mrs. Weut worth of
Alnmed", Misa Nellie Rogers of College Park,
Dr. and Mis. E. McCli>h of College Park. Dr.
and Mrs. J. N. Beard, Mr. and Mrs. I. J. Tru
man, Mr. and Mrs. T. 0 Lewis, Mr. and Mrs.
C. A. Sankey, Mr. and Ifrs.C. S. Holmes. Mr
and Mrs. W. H. Weisier, Mr. and Mr?. James
Ren wick, Mr. and Mr*. Robert McLellan, Mr.
and Mrs. H. G. Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Elgin
Mi Nab, Mr. and Mrs. Jonn Beaumont, Mr. and
Mr;. JuhnW. Williams, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Dauley, Mr. and Mn. Chitrles A. Bradford,
Miss Mabel Jones of Alameda, Mr. and Mrs. C.
E. Beiden. Mr. and Mrs. T. K. Wiuich, Mr. and
Mrs. George L. Swett, Mr. and Mrs. W. W.
Boughton of Berkeiey, CHptain un.i Mrs. N.
Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Nenbe^in, Mr.
and Mrs. Mi Intyre, Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Turpin.
Miss H. A. Danley, Miss Carrie Davis, Miss
Helen Wilson, Miss Mona Taubmau, Miss
sailieGoss.
Mies Ray Chiids was tendered a surprise
\ arty recently by her friends in honor 01 her
birthday at her residence. 14 Prosper street.
The evei.ing was spent in games and singing,
after whicu al. refreshments were served.
Among the guests were: Miss Ray Cuilders
MUs Mabel Hill, Miss Addie Jackson, Miss
Florence RichviUe, Miss Lillian Kessler. Ml«s
Neiha Hull, Misi Emma Dulfer, MKs Ediih
Jones, Miss Annie Nylnnd. Miss Lnlie Jackson,
Eihel Free, Miss Maud Flnuer, Miss Annie
J*ckson, Charles Meyer, Edgar Leeman,
Charles Dibert, Ambrose Brown, Frank G«fl
ney, Walter Duffer, Willie Martin, Wil.iefcjhell
bach, Walter Phillips, Milton Dibert, Fred
Walihers.
A very pleasant birthday party was te: dered
to Mrs. Alex Norrie recently by her many
friends. The evening was very pleasantly
spent in dancing, singing and games. An
elaborate supper was served nt midnight
Among the many who enjoyed the festivities
were: Mr. and Mrs. Alex Norrio, Mr. and Mrs.
Veefier, Mr*. T. Campbell, Miss EL-ie Sara, M si
Carrie Skinner, tin- Missts E.len ai)d Evelyn
Stanford. Miss Lillian Kimerman, MissMervyn
Norrie, Miss Emma Philips, Charles Eastman,
Charles Van I)usen, Arthur Garcia, Joseph
Frietas, John Galiudo, William Bolt, Joieph
Corbett, Thomas Eagan.
CLUB GATHERINGS.
Fashionable Organizations Enter
tain Their Friends.
The fifth monthly dance gtven by the
Hyacinth Club was heid at Luut's Hall on
Wednesday evening last. The next meeting
of the club will take place May 5.
There was a very pleasant reception tendered
to the visiting Mormon missionaries in K. of
P. Hail last Monday evening. Dancing, and
a very fine musical and literary programme,
were the features of the evening. Elder W.I.
Stoker recited, and Miss Bocdefeld's solo,
"Love's Sorrow," was appreciated by all. Gar
ner S. Stenhouse's solo, '"Tirzah's Serenade"
from Ben Hur, was very well rendered. The
missionaries left the last of the week for all
parts of the State in the interest of the Mormon
church.
The Olympic Social Club gave its third an
nual masquerade ball at Eiatracht Hall
Twelfth street, Saturday evening, Ap:ll 17.
The Varsoyienne Fortnightly Ciub gHve a
social Saturday evening. April 17, at Wells
Hall, 1901 Post street, corner FUlmore:
AT THE RESORTS.
List of Guests at the Fashionable
Watering Places.
Among those registered at Paso Robies are:
Mrs. G. E. Whitney, Mrs. R. E. Ritter, Mrs. L.
E. Martin, W. 11. Harries, \V. W. Kale* ol Oak.
land; F. S. Cox, Harry Macondray, L. Seigle,
all of San Francisco. Captaiu and Mrv Horn
of Chicago. Judge ana Mrs. West of New York,
H. Sinclair, wife and daughter of Toledo. Ohio;
Captain RHey and wife of Boston are among
the Eastern people registered at the springs.
The summer exodus of society people has
already set in. At Lylton Springs, Sonoma
County, the past few days have witnessed ar
rivals from Oakland, Secrmnento and San
Francisco. Among the number were: Mr. and
Mrs. J. B. Gilman, Mrs. J. H. McGUrray, Mr».
S. W. Waketield, Mrs. J. H.Glyde. Mr. and Mrs.
P. D. Brown.
AT CORONADO.
Interesting Notes From the Popu
lar Southern Resort.
CORONADO, Cal., April 17.-Mr. and Mrt.
£. P. Grar of San Francisco are frequent visi
tors here.
Joseph Bird, president of the Manhattan Par
ings Institution, New York, U staying at tb«
hotel, accompanied by Mrs. Bird.
Prominent San Franciscans domiciled here
include Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Bowers, child and
maid, Mr. and Mrs. M. MacDowell, Mr. and
Mrs. H. C. Bush, L. A. Miller, Frank Miner,
Mrs. P. J. Hulme and >i;ss A<iee Hulme.
Mr. and Mrs. George Triich and daughter
of Denver, Colo., are among recent arrivals.
Mrs. and Mrs. John Harney, New York City,
are at Corouado.
S. Anspacher of San Francisco, accompanied
by Mrs. Anspacher and Miss Helen Sel .«r, has
boen spending a wek at the hotel, the guest
of K. 8. Babcock. Mr. Anspucher and Mr. Bab
ccck were boys together In Indiana.
Mm. 11. E. Sylvester of sau Francisco was a
guest here last week.
Mr. and Mrs. C.S. Wright and Miss Wright
were down last week from San Francisco.
Sumner R. Stone, Misi E. B. Stone and Mrs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
Charles S. Clark of New York City are enjoy
in? life nt Hotel del Corontdo.
Mr. and Mrs. Isaac P. Wlnr. Prcscott Ont,
Canada, and Mr. and Mrs. Graham E. Bab
cock, Coronado, are touring tne coast. They
will visit Monterey and San Francisco, driving
north from Santa ' Barbara.
F. G. Fixon of London, Eng.. is at the hotel.
F. M. Borden. n i>r ininein Puiladelphian, is
here, accompanied by Mrs. Borden.
A San Iranciseo party here the past week in
cluded Dr. R. ( . Mi-yers und 'laughter, Mrs.
Triest and daughter and John E. Tries t.
A party of Worcester (Mass.) tourists now at
the hotel are Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Spaulding
and W. V. Spauiding.
Mrs. Annie Morres and Miss A. V. Burnett,
Fort Worth, Tex., are guests at the hoteL
IN THE FUTURE.
Elaborate Entertainments for the
Early Spring Season.
Mizpsh Charity Club will give an "Indoor
picnic" on the evening of April 24 in Golden
Gate Hall for the benefit of the cUarity fund.
The hall will be decorated to represent as
nearly as possible the usual picnic grounds,
aud baskets with lunch for two will be on sale.
In addition there will be an attractive pro
gramme, consisting of a farce in charge of
Mrs. Langstrotii and vocal solos by ICtaa Corco
ran. Miss Boyan, Mr. Beckett and Hubert M.
Forteseue. There will also be music for
dancing.
Tickets at 50 cents each may be obtained
from the following Miznah officers: Mrs. Alfred
Currie Rulofson, Mrs. H. Newell. Mrs. Geor c
Straut. Miss Louise Elliott, Mrs. B. Day or any
of the club's members.
The members of the N. S. L K. No. 10 will
THE PRESIDENT WILL ATTEND HER WEDDING.
It has been definitely arranged that the wedding of Miss Isabel McKenna, daughter of Judge MoKenna, ana Peter D. Martt* will be
celebrated tn Washington. Although no date has yet been set, it is known that the nuptials will be solemnized late in the summer or early
in the fall at the little chapel in Georgetown. Both Miss McKenna and her fiancee were educated at Georgetown, and it is a fitting senti
ment that they should wish to be united where they first met. At present Judge McKenna is engaged in that most trying of quests—house
hunting. As soon as he has found a suilab c home for his family they will join him at Washington. Once at the Natio al capital Mr.
Martin will lose no time In joining his fiancee and her distinguished family. Although the wedding is to be an extremely quiet one, never
theless there will bo many distinguished persons present to witness the nuptials of this happy young couple. Katttrft.lt tne '•• fficlal
family"— the President and his Cabinet— also members of the diplomatic corps and the Supreme Judges will attend. There will also be a
number of distinguished San Franciscans now touring abroad, but who expect to be in Washington in time lor this pleasant event. All
the Martin family will, of course, go on to Washington lor the wedding, as will also the Downey Harveys.
give a reception on next Wednesday evening,
April 21, at Lunt'B Hall instead of on Tuesday
April 20, as 'originally announced.
The Winter Cotillon Club has issued invita
tions for an assembly and ' german Friday
eveniae, April 23, at Beethoven Hall.
The lady managers of the Nursery for Home
less Children will give en afternoon recep
tion and lea at the home, 570 Harrison street,
on Thurdi-y, April 22, from 2 to 5 o'clock.
An ezceilem programme will be provided.
The P. D. C. has.is.uedJnvitaiions for its
sixty-fourth patty on Tuesday evening. April
27. at Odd Fellows' HalL
The Michigan Club of California has issued
invitations fur Us anniversary cotillon on
i Tuesday evening, April 20, at Lunfs li 11.
The fourth annual entertainment nnd dance
of the. Palm City Musical lub will be held
■t N««ve Sons' Hull, Saturday evening,
April mt'X.
The L. A. of the Friday Night Club win give
a dance at Lorin Hall Friday evening, April
The California Dramatic Club is making
active preparations for its anniversary enter
tainment and dance, which will take place at
Native Sons' Hall on Wednesday evening
April 28. They will produce a society urama
"The Rifle Ball," with tho following amateurs
in the cast: Dudleigh Stanhope, Sol Kraus J
E. Reynolds, Harry W. Melendy, Harry Lelp
;lc, Julian Kraimer, H. •?. Lynch. Master
Harry. Miss Lilile Berry, Mrs. D. J. Coakley
MUs Marie Whaitef, Miss Joan Baldwin. Miss
Bertha Barron. Miss Ida Walton. ■
Mr. end Mrs. Herman Frohraan announce
that their son, Henry, will be confirmed at the
Temple Emanue! Saturday, April 24. Th»y
will hold a reception at their residence, 228
Second avenue. Sunday, April 25. between 2
and 5 o'clock. . ■
PERSONALS.
Mrs. J. H. Klrkpamck. Miss Newlands, Mr.
and Mrs.E.Aver. McCarthy, Misb Hoffman, Miss
Helen fcmiih and Southard Hoffman Jr. were
among the arrival* on the Australia from Hon
olulu. Also Dr. and Mrs. Wallers (nee Her-
Bert) well-known society people of Honolulu.
Mrs. S. F. Thorn has returned from her so
journ in Southern California and is spending
a lortnight at Crmrtnorn.
Wtien last h- aril from Mrs. B W, Paulsen,
Miss C. Lenhardt and the Ms.ses T«y were in
Rnine, after having visited Naples.
8. L. Goldstein nas returned after a, sis
months' European visit.
J. C. We^tfall of Loug Valley is visiting
friends in this City.
Robert L. Rogers and sistor. Miss E-sca
Rogers, have po;ie to Los Angeles to visii their
aunt, Mrs. W X Fortune.
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. ilirgear will be at home
the secona and lourtn Thursdays at 747 Guer
rero street.
Mr. mid Mrs. Dave Livingston (nee Mess'ng)
of Chicago lire th- guests of Mr. and Mr.-.
Mnrcus LtTT of 17025j( Buchanan street.
The lollowiLg C'aliioi n ian.i sailed Thursday,
the Bth inst., ou the Hamburg-American line
steamship Furst Bismarcic for Hamburg: h<ert
R Hecht Mrs. A. Curtaz, Miss L. Curtaz. O;to
Curtaz, Hugo Waldeck. P. G. F. Dunkeiman,
P.-.ul E. Reichwagt-n and G'-^rge D. Colin.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank J. Williams leave for
northern parts of California to spend several
months' vacation on Monday, A:>ril 19.
C. de Gulgne ieturneU from Europe on the
White Star liner Germanic.
Colonel and Mrs. John Bradbury have re
turned from Mexico and are at the Palace Ho
tel. They will uo liorae to Los Augeles in time
to witness the fiesta.
Mr*. B. £h>.-rw<od and William R. Sherwood
are at the Hotel Kxfael.
S. H. Board in an returned from Honolulu last
Wednesday by the Oceanic steamer Austral a.
Mr. and Sirs. Rour.sevelleWiidmaxi have been
spending a week at the Hotel Vendome, sati
Jose.
Mrs. TV. B. Cooler and her daughter, Miss
Collier, came down from Lakeport early in the
week and are stopmiiij nt the California. Hotel.
Mrs. John C. Kirkpatrick, Miss Jessie New-
lands and Miss Helen Smith returned from
Hawaii Wednesday on the Oceanic steamer
Australia.
A. B. McCreery is registered at the Hotel
RafaeL
A dispatch came from the East Monday to
friends of Mr. and Mrs. Henry T. Scott here
Mating that the operation for apnenUicitU
had been successfully performed on their
daughter.
Dr. and Mrs. Charles B. Cooper, nee Mc-
Grew, of Honolulu, left for the East Wednes
day on tlielr honeymoon tour. They re
malued in San Francisco but a few days.
Herman Oelrichs left for the East Tnes<'ay.
Mrs. McNear, Miss Bessie MeN ur an<l Mis-s
Lizzie Sherman, of Oakland, have arrived in
Pans fr..m their lour of Germany.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. Buckingham have
left iiie City for Buckingham Park, their
country place in Lake County, where they in
tend to spend most of the summer.
William L. Gtrstle has gone to British Co
lumbia lor a month* stay. Mrs. Gerstle will
visit her parents. Colonel aid Mrs. M. H.
Ht-cht, until Mr. Gerstle return*.
General and Mrs. John H. Dickinson are at
their summer home in Sausalito for the sea
son.
Miss Amelia Perkins and Miss Alice Mallng,
sister and niece of Senator Perkins, are visit
ing iv Washington, D. C.
Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Smith of Oakland will
leave anon tor the East.
Mr-. Emma Shatter Howard is expected to re
turn to Oakland thts month from her long
absence in . he East and in Europe.
Mr, and Mts. Alfred Tubbs have purchased
the handsome residence of the lute General
Dimi nd on Washington street, where they are
now domiciled.
Mr. *nd Mrs. George E. Moree are back lrom
Washington, where they nave been since the
inauguration, the guests of their uncle and
aunt, President and Mrs. McKmley, at ihe
White House. They will spt'iid the summer
here, returning to Wa-hingion in the fall.
Mrs. J. K. McLean, Mies Mary McLean and
Miss Minnie Baily ol Oakland will not re
turn from Europe until August or Septemb j r.
Mrs. William Beckman has gf ne from Sacra
mento on a visa to Los Angeles. Mr. Beck
man will go south to-day to attend the B>nk
•tr Convention. They will remain until after
tne fiesta.
Mr. and Mrs. H. O. Trowbridge of Oakland
are in I. ■ -s Angeles attending the (i sta.
Mrs. c. L. Taylor will go down to Lt Fiesta
Los Angeles and wil. visit her daughter, Mrs.
V.:i Dyke, possibly remaining in the south the
rest of the summer.
Miss Blix Smith of Oakland has returned
irora a tout ot the Eastern States.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph S. Spear have returned
from Washington.
Judge Eugene Garber is at the hotel at San
Rxlae .
Jose,>"h D. Redding has been called from
New York to Paris, by cable, in cons quence
of ihe illness of his eldest daughter, Myra. Her
::i i.ady lias been diaguosed by the Paris phy
sicians as diabeus.
LAUEELS FOE L^ON JONES
The Popular Aa«emblyraan to Reoeire
the Plaudit* of Scoolteachera.
At the auditorium of the Girls' High
School next Tuesiay at 4 p. M. a reception
will be given to Hon. Leon E. Jones ana
other public officials who have beiriended
the teachers' annuity law. In the Assem
bly of the last Legislature Mr. Jones was
the cnampion of the measure which so
many schoolteachers advocated, and
therefore to express appreciation for his
services the Annuity Society and other
teachers of the schools have planned this
reception.
The circular announcing the function is
signed by A. Mann, president, and A. Jor
dan, secretary of the society.
SUTEO BATHS.
Special Attractions at the .Vitatorium
To- Day.
With the coming of warm weather mul
titudes are flocking toward Butro baths,
which huv« reopened for the season.
Every attraction that care and experience
sugcest has been added to the equipment
and service ot tne big baths. Every Sun
day there is some special feature and to-
Jay Charles Cavill, after swimming round
the Seal Rock, will apt>ear there The
baths will be open from 7 a. m to 11 p. m.
There will also be a very large pro
gramme, participated in by all the pro
fessionals and amateurs on the Pacific
Slope, who will tike part in races, trapeze
performances, high diving and npring
board diving. The same programme will
be carried ouf afternoon and evening.
There will also be a grand concert after
noon and evening every day during the
wee it.
BASEBALL GAMES TO-DAY.
Contests That Will Be Held at the Va
rious Athletic Ground**
The Excelsiors and J. F. Swar teams
will meet to-day on the Fo.soru and Six
teenth streets grounds, and will line up as
follows:
Exce'alors. Position. J. F.'swartzs.
E. lJuft Catcher I Kelley
I* Bagala. P.tcber H. Mai .ney
t» Pjne First base ...... J. McC usky
Kill burg. t-econ.i base...J. McConville
J. Hopkins Tnlrd base J. Mo rty
Downing Shortstop L. Fa/ackerley
*". Ulllesple Left fl.ld. J. Luther
Cavanagh ...Center field T. McCiusky
J.Jicfartr Rl ht field R. Eckier
M. Madison Kxtra....... K. Otts
At 10:30 a. m. the Miller, Seniors &
Scott sine will meet the Precita Parlor
team, and at 2:30 the Hale Bru*. nine wi 1
try conclusions with the Newman & Lfv
inson nine.
■ The games arranged to be plav^d at the
Presidio athletic grounds t -day ar.- as
follows: C.nliopeans vs. L!ah Cm 12 m.,
A. Shir?k & Co. vs. Con way & Baumels 2
F. m.. C. J. Hessenians of Oakland vs. Bui
falo B. Co. of Alameda.
Fell on Hi* H- <1.
David Henderson, an employe of the City of
Paris store, Geary street and Grant avenue,
was dusting ■ chandelier > ester lay afternoon
wnile standing upon some boxes, fle missed
his footing and fell a distance of about six
feet, striking on h s head. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where it was found
that he was suffering lrom concussion of the
brain.
FROM GREATER NEW YORK
Ghat About Galiforr\iar\s, Their Doir\gs,
JKeir /\rr\bitior\s, FasKior\s,
Etc., Etc.
NEW YOKK, April 12— The heavenly
perfume of lilies and roses, the subtle odor
of violets and the spicy fragrance of carna
tion pinks steal out upon i he spring air.
up and away to heaven, from whence they
had been sent to gladden human hearts
at Eastertide.
The Queen of Sheba, were she on earth
to-day, would feel a twinge of feminine
jealousy steal through her haughty heart,
because h«r sisters cf these modern times
have it in their power to array themselves
in wore radiant co!or3 and precious
jewels than the ancient queen of beauty
and wisdom ever dreamed of. Why, even
ambitious, lusty old King Solomon would
open his small, calculating eyes, and
gasp in amazed astonishment at the gor
geous fabrics and glowing colors that
overrun the broad shelves and counters
of our ahbps to-day. His many wives
would use up his Wall-street winnings in
a day's shopping, wore he of un this
Easter— lucky Solomon!
There's a raft of Californians in town
this week.
Sigmund Beel of San Francisco sailed
for Liverpool on the Lucania Saturday
morning.
Mr. Beel anticipates remaining abroad
several years. The greater part of the
time will be spent in travel. During the
lew days Mr. Beel was in New York he
stopped at the Netherland.
E. A. Phelps reached the city on Thurs
day. He is putting up at the Holland
House.
Colonel William R. Shatter of San
Francisco has been overwhelmed with
kindly attention from his many Gotham
friends ever since his arrival at the Gilsey
House last Friday morning. He will
probably remain in New York until some
time afier the Grant celebration.
Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Ehrman of San
Francisco have but recently returned
from an extended trip abroad. They will
remain in New York as euests at the
Savoy Hotel until after Easter, when they
will continue their journey homeward.
E. W. Crellin and his mother, Mrs. D.
Crellin, of Oakland arr.ved in New York a
couple of weeks ago and have been having
a pleasant visit among friends and rela
tives.
Mrs. H. Holman of Portland, Or.,
is accompanying her mother and brother
on their Eistern visit. They have apart
ments at the Giloey House.
William Greer Harrison is in the city
direct from tne coast.
H. H. Scott has been a guest at one
of the Fifth-avenue hotels during tue past
week.
Henry Smith, who has been absent
from California during the past three
years, anticipates returning to the sunny
coast inside of a week or two.
Mr. Smith will be remembered as the
popular and successful manager of Lick's
paDer-milis near San Jose.
Mrs. Charles Webb Howard, who has
been in the city most of the winter, is
now located at the Wiudsor on Fifth
avenue.
Lieutenant W. F. HancocK, U. S. A., for
a long time stationed on the coast,
came down from West Point Friday and
stopped at the Grand. Lieutenant Han
cock is at present stationed at West Point
George M. Bowman and Mrs. Bowman
have lelt New York on their homeward
journey. They will remain in Washin -
ton a few days, then continue southward,
stopping at a number of the large cties in
the South, and arriving at their home in
San Jose some time during the first part of
May.
Mr. Bowman is the sort of gentleman
we Eastern Californians delight in wel
coming. Coming a$ he does from the very
heart of California's broad fruit orchards,
he is naturally equipped with strong and
convincing arguments regarding Califor
nia and its superior ad vantages. Mr. Bow
man personally has done much to ad
vance the value and supremacy of Cali
fornia fruits in the Eastern and Southern
States.
Rumor has it, and rumor Is a strong ally
to truth sometimes, that our own and well
known and popular "Dick" Tobin is
strongly contemplating entering the mat
rimonial state. They do say tnat he has
never been more enthusiastic over golf,
bowling, skatintr, and all that sort ot thing
as he is now.
Tbe only reason for it is, so rumor whis
pers, that the beautiful bride-to-be is also
an enthusiast in all graceful sports. Trus
to her Western parents and her golden
native State, she nas placed her heart in
tbe keeping of a native Caiifornian. The
lovely bride-to-be is the much nought
after heiress to millions, Miss Virginia
Fair. Of course, it has not been public. y
announced, but as the rumor comes from
very good authority there really se.ms to
be no reason for doubting the happy
report.
Jules Mersfelder, the gifted young art
NEW TO-DAY
Tinnnrs"b" ybTnroTroTfoinnnrßTnrß" mrainro*Tp\
I k^FsSymmef Delights II
E /^^>^ T\^> ! ' An exquisitely dainty 3
£ ca^ j ( line of Summer g
S M v v^?^ls^ Wash I
I a/ • fr^PH Fabrics g
o \ Hi' I'% « M , ' " " 3
!° UVf V ,#/ fi »JUff7 ' Our consideration of the season's %
i° ll s < / w/"\ til I A IV wants Id the line of Dresses and 3
C v'' I! 1 Jirrv V*> Waist* will be shown this week.in 3
C »^ I WjW}) — v such a collection of exquisite, tasty °
C It? | *> — V^jpa \J effects that we want every lady in °
jo LcL" U— — 'Jilill^^— Sun Framisco to make an inspection °
o -^ J / / lln — ■ and compare our rices and s'yles 3
r* f^ 1 1i / / ' |"t| ' wittl what may be offered elsewhere. 3
g JaSk'j / / 1 fjliff I They will find our , 3
p --- i/ I 11 Tappett Mulls, Tissus Brodie, 3
Jo »»'< JJ ■ 118 /^ Organdies, Scotch Zephyrs, 3
C . "**■- -It Mil y^xf>. rt Lawns, Figured Swisses, Grrn- 3
C t . /# .' i. -^/ . adines, Dotted and Fancy Fig- 3
CL >^, It / ' \ ■' ure ? Swisses in manv exclusive 3
'a /I \ . 1 <: 25YV$^ designs and exceptionally low o<
jo r > ■§ 1 1 ' I /^r^.itz^ priced. o
1 J^'7/ I ll^ii^ NEW ' RIBBONS. '. i
Jo L /* I • llll^pl'W/ ■ " Sprin; novelties in Taffeta. Gauze «*
°« /If 1 ; 'V ■IT **•••••• Grass Linen, in P.aids and Fancy 3
'o « /#'" 1 • ll" Striped effects. 3
]: "^^^^^ ■ |
E SAMPLES MAILED PREE.; 125. 127. 129, 131 KEARNY STREET. oj
.W, g gJLgJUULg.g.9.A.gJLg ,8 9.9.fI.9JUUUA JULgJLSLJIJULSUL^JIJL^^
ist of Bin Francisco, has been giving art
lectures throusnout tbe N<-w England
States during the past two months. He
returned to his studio on Twenty-third
street last week, where he will finish up
3everal important piciures before he leaves
town for tbe summer.
Dennis O'Sullivan left for California
Sunday. Mr. O'fc'ullivan is a native Cali
iornian and true to his colors and the
reputa ion of his State. He made one of
the pronounced hits of the season witli
his splendid voice and excellent acting in
the opera "Sharans O'Brien," which had
a long run at the Broadway Theater. Mr.
O'Sullivan anticipates giving a series of
concerts during his visit on the coast.
"Bob" Davis, he of the fighting State,
Nevada, bobbed un serenely on Manhat
tan Isle last Tuesday. Somehow all the
folfcs who were present at the "Carson
City disappointment" seem to have a de
cided dislike to discussing the ti^bt and
its outcome. When asked concerning the
matter, they smile in a wan sickly way
and say dreamily, '"Well, if Fitz hadn't
won Corbett would have bad a better
chance." And yet we wonder at the in
consistencies of mankind.
Down at William A. Brady's office
things are still gloomy. Indeed the gloom
is so dark and thick that it is sail folks
have a hard time to lind the door leading
into Brady's pr.vate ante-room. All the
attaches have teen wearing little bows of
crepe under their vest collars, and bluff
Frederick Bert, Brady's left and right
hand bower, walks up Broadway with a
misty faraway look of melancholy dim
ming his usually alert optics. Again is
shown the practical teachings against
"too many irons in tbe fire."
C. F. Phillips, for two years con
nected as special writer en The Call and
other coast papers, has been meeting with
marked success since his arrival in New
York. He has a sprightly style of ex
pression and just enough of Irish wit in
him to make bis stories and squibs de
lightfully piquant. He has been on the
regular staff of the New York Times dur
ing the past eight months. At present
Mr. Phillips has full charge of the theatri
cal news department of the Times.
Miss Payson Graham of Los Angeles
has returned from her tour with the
'"Prisoner of Zsnda" Company, in which
she played Lady Razandeii. The season
closed on the 3d insr. Miss Graham has
marked ability a* a pen-and-iuk artist,
and during the few months' vacation De
tween this and next season she will con
tinue her art studies at the New York
School of Design.
L. D Jacks of San Francisco is stopping
for a few days at the Astor House.
Dr. J. M. Fox of San Francisco is a re
cent arrival in town.
The weather has been sublime during
the last few days. The weeping-wiilow
trees in the parks are already clothed in
long branches of yellow green. The birch
and dog-wood trees are showing signs of
bursting into emerald splendor within a
lew more days, and the tulips and daffo
dils are already growing a bit weary of
d ooruing in loneliness, just to let us fcoow
lor sure that spring is peeping in at our
windows. Easter can't help being tbe
most joyous of all holidays, because it
comes in the loveliest time of all tbe year.
Some of the recent arrivals in New
York are: Jr. A. Cornell, San Francisco,
Cosmopolitan ; Mrs. J. A. Doyle, San
Francisco, Bartholdi; Miss E. V.Doyle,
San Francisco. Btrtboidi; C. L. Goddard,
San Francisco, Grand Union; B. Hecht,
San Francisco, Holland; G. A. Knight,
San Francisco, Imperial; J. D. Meikle,
San Francisco, St. Danis; William A.
Goldbere, San Francisco. Grand Hoiel;
V. R. Cathermore, San Francisco, War
wick; Mrs. A. J. Goldsmith, Ban Fran
cisco, Everett; H. S. Linnell, San Fran
cisco, Westminster; R. Reeves, San
Francisco; W. Rosen bursr, San Francisco,
Marl borough; A. L. Wiener, San Fran
cisco, Marlborouch; W. F. Chase, San
Diego, St. Denis; H. H. Scott, San Fran
cisco, Holland; P. N. Aronson, San
Francisco, Stewart; A. W. Carbus,
San Francisco, Murray Hill ; J.
Curtis, San Francisco. Manhattan ;
Mrs. C. D. Forquharson, Murray Hill; J.
L. Rus8»ll, San Francisco, Broadway Cen
tral; J. D. Johnson, San Francisco, Mur
ray Hill; C. Muse, San Francisco, Astor
House; J. H. Simpson, Sau Francisco,
Morton Hous?; W. A. Duncombe, Los
Angeles, Marlborough; R. S. Moore, San
Francisco, Imperial; B. B. Thayer, San
Francisco, Hoffman; R. A. Rose, San
Francisco, Bartholdi; W. Herrin, San
Francisco, Holland; J. Platscheck, San
Francisco, Plaza. The above list shows
that San Francisco is nearer New York
than it was a few years ago.
Tkella Foltz Tolaxd.
34 Park Row.BAYLEY'S REWARD
AND COOLGARDIE
The Finder of the Mine an
Old Prospector in This
State.
Arthur Bayley's Strange Life
in Many Camps and His
Recent Death.
■
Lift a Great F r uae to His Widow,
Who Will Shortly Arrive—Ex
ploits on a Far D.*sert
It b»s developed during the Jast day or
two that Artnur Bayley, the now famous
discoverer of Bayley's Reward, which
caused the building of the great mining
city of Coolgardie, and the immense gold
output of We«t Australia, was a Califor
tn and lived for a long time in San Fran
c story of Bayley's success, after
rtc Celebrated Eayley Reward Mine, Discovered by Arthur Bayley
of San Francisco.
[From a photograplt.]
years of the up 3 and downs characteristic i
oi the prospector, is stranger than liciion. I
It is singular, but it seems to have
been known that the man who wan
dered over the fearful desert at the
Antipodes, at last finding riches
that has astonished the world, for a long j
time lived at the New Wisconsin Hotel, (
Montgomery and Pacific streets, this City.
Like the average prospec;or he went forth i
in the summer to see wliat he could find, |
and in Hie winter, for a part of the time j
at least, rested himself in the City.
G. P. Hurst, a mineralogist of Cool
gardie, himself a millionaire mine-owner,
and bis brother, C. F. Hurst, who is inter- ;
ested in a number of gold properties, have I
arnveddere, and report that Bay ley has!
just died in the metropolis of the An- j
tipodes. which his luck or skill in mining
caused to rise.
So great was bayley's popularity in i
CoolgarJie, by reason of the wealth wnich |
he was tiie cause of uncovering, tuat J
within ten minute< after it was known j
that he was dea i $20,000 was subscribed to |
bui:d a muQiimem 10 him. The great es- j
tate is now beinj; settled up, and Mrs.
Bayley will arrive here by steamer
in a few week? and will again take up her j
home here. The Bayleys had no children, j
Bayley, according to the story that is |
now given here, was a '49ir. He came
from one of the Eastern States, and soon '
after his arrival went to the gold fields of
Sawyers Bar and Columbia. He took his
chances there witn tne pan and rocker for
some years, an>i then went to Shasta and ;
Siskiyou counties.
Though he sometimes worked by the
day in the mines 'or others, lie oftener
worked for himself. He was a typical
prospector and miner, and was never so ;
well pleased as when away among the j
mountains, perhaps scores of miles from
any town.
When the rush commenced to Virginia
City because of the phenomenal wealth of
the Comstock, Bayley joined it. How
long he remained "there is not yet defin- I
i'ely known. The next place he washeard !
of was on the desert in Southern Califor- |
ma, probably where Randsbure is now.
Tlit?re he was prosecuting a search for big
ledges.
About this time, however, the Cceur
d'Alene excitement bpgan and th»» miner
sft off for that new district. He made
several locations and it is said had some j
pood property there. But there was a I
strike among the miners over tne question j
Bay ley Street, Coolgariie, Named in Honcr of the Man Who Unearthed the First Gold in the Great Camp
[From' a photograph.]
(f wages. The hunker Hill and Sullivan,
managed by John H;iys Hammond, was
one of the mines concerned. The Tiger
was another. Dut as a matter of lact all the
mines wvre involved.
None of them could work. The striking
miners were breathing forth threatenings
;.painst Hammond and other managers.
Mr. Hammond shortly afterward with
drew from the mine and went to South
Africa.
Bayiey with all the mines closed down
could do nothing, and ne packed up dis
gusted and came back 10 San Francisco.
"Then it was that it struck him," said
Mr. Hurst, "that he would co to Austra
lia. He knew of the vast expanse of desert
in the western part of that continent and
conceived that it carried gold. He and
his wife wailed on the Maripoaa and went
to Sydney. This appears to have been
about lb9L
"From Sydney he crossed to Melbourne
and took a little house, where be installed
his wife, and remained for a little while
till he could get ready to go out in the
gold district. He went to Ballarat and
thence to Clunes. Clunes is where tne
deep mines are and Bayley saw that tie
could do nothing without a treat deal of
money.
"He therefore went back to Melbourne.
There he got a map aud carefully looked
it over to find wnere the deserts w j re
marked on it. He had got the idea
stronger than ever, from his experience
on the Monave desert in Southern Cali
fornia, that mat was the place to find the
richest gold mines.
"He got a partner and set out. In a
few days be came upon the site of what is
now Coolgardie ami located a mine which
he called Bayley' o Reward. And it was a
reward indeed for the effort that had been
put forth, for in a month he and his part
ner bad dug out 13,500 ounces of gold.
'•Bayley then set out with an escort to
bank ihe money, and left hi* partner in
charge. By this time tbe news had got
! out and men began to nock to. They
came so thick that the partner hid to de
fend the gold by the use of a shoteun.
■'How adjoining claims were located
and how the nroperty increased in wealth
is known. Thousands on thousands of
locations were made about them and
many other rich mines were opened.
Coolgardie and other towns sprang up.
"The output of the Bayley's Reward
continued to be enormous. Gradually
different interests were sold and the
money put with previous dividends.
When Bayley died he still had a sixth in
terest in thf mine, and this has since been
sold for ?1fi5,000."
It is said that Bayley and his wife,
when they left here on the Mariposa, went
in the steerage. The widow will come
Dack with millions. The Bayleys were
always unostentatious, however. Their
home at the Antipodes consisted of but a
little four-room cotiage.
This they occupied when not at
a hotel. At the New Wisconsin Hotel
Fred Bayley, the brother of Arthur
Bay ley. is remembTed well, but
the discoverer of Bayley's Reward
is not rememDered because the new land
lord, Thoma.-i B. Evans, has taken hold
since the miner and his wifesetout for the
Antipodes.
TO GUAED THE DEAD.
Veterans Receive a Historic Gift From
Uncle Sain.
Oakland Office Sax Fkancipco Call,) !
9CS Broadway, April 15. j j
The veterans have at last succeeded in j
obtaining some decorations from the ■
United States Government for tneir plat j
at Mountain View Cemetery. This after
noon a committee of Grand Army men
went out to the cemetery to arrange Jor
the location of the old and historical war
, material which arrived here yesterday.
For a long time the veterans have ci
; pressed a desire to have a few pieces of
oriinance with which to give character to
the final r6stine-place of their comrades.
! Many official obstacles were in the way,
and finally an act of Congress was neces
sary to enable the veterans to receive from
Mare Island the decoratons they wanted.
The nowitzers witu their shot and shell
were a part of the armament of the United
State? ship Independence that was brought
around the Horn in 1855, and has since
been on this coast, and for many years
past has been a landmark at Mare Island.
Three of the cannon were used by the
Independence when that vessel assisted in
quelling the riots in Panama. Another of
the old guns that will henceforth be as
silent as the grave near them is that
which for forty years has been tired at 9
o'clock aboard that old vessel.
These decorations ere almost the last of
their class that were ever used in the
United States navy. The Marion and
Alert are the only vessels now in com
mission that carry such weapons, and
there if little doubt put that they will be
speedily changed if it should ever be
necessary for these two peaceful war vessels
to use them.
For two years Superintendent A. P.
Smith of the cemetery has been trying to
obtain this material. He fir«t made ap
plication to General Rimer, then in com
mand of this military department, but as
that officer was ordered East ne turned
the matter over to his successor, General
ForsytiJ. With the assistance of Con
gressman Hilborn and Senator Perkins
the necessary bill passed both homes of
Consries*. through the courtesy of Ad
miral Kirkland, in charge of Mare Island,
the steamer Unadilla made a special trip
to this city with the armament.
Captain P. J. Montague, who piloted
the TJnadilia to the city wharf, is one of
the three survivors of the crew of the In
dependence wnen she rounded the Horn
in 1855 and brought these same shells
from New York 10 this State. While they
i were being unloaded yesterday he made
I the remark that they had been his com
panions when a young man anil he now
supposed they would keep watch over his
remains when be shall have joined his
i comrade.*.
At the Memorial day exercises at Moun
tain View th" old soldiers will place the
puns and shot in po ition. As there are
nearly a thousand cannon balls in addi
tion to the four brass-mounted howitzers
there is ample material to give a very
martial appearauce to the sol liers' plat.
Advances made on lqrnUure ana piano*, with
or without removal. J. .N'ooiuu, lUI7-10.'3 Mtiiiou. ]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
' NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. '
«R¥iiiiofißiiriMssT»
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
e~— 72 pieces 40-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY CHECKED!
XOL- CHEVIOT SUITING, former price 50c, on sale at 25c a
yard.
4C r -64 pieces 40-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY SUITING,
shaded effects, will be offered at 45c a yard.
CA r — 47 pieces 54-INCH ALL-WOOL OXFORD CHECKS.
CH/C- regular price 85c, will be placed on sale at 50c a yard.
*7_ r — 41 pieces 45-INCH MIXED COVERT SUITING, nand-
' O*" some mixtures, will be offered at 75c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT.
-_ r — ls pieces COLORED MOIRE SILK, evening shades and
OO*" black, regular value |1, will be oftered at 55c a yard.
A C r — 20 pieces BLACK BROCADED BATIN, medium.de-
viJC signs, regular value 85c, will be offered at Gsc a yard.
7 C r -30 pieces FANCY FIGURED FOULARD SILK, latest
/ vJi, designs, regular value $1, will be offered at 75c a yard.
CC r — ls pieces 24-INCH BLACK TAFFETA SILK, heavy
OvJt/ quality, regular value $1 10, will be offered at 85c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
CA r — 25 pieces 46-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH ALPACAS,
yJXJx, regular value 75c, will be offered at 5Jc a yard.
*7C;^-25 p'eces 54-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH
JJt SERGE, extra good value for $1, will be sold at 75c a
yard.
£1 nn- 2u P« eces 59-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH CHEV-
q> 1• W IOT, worth $1 50, wili be offered at $1 a yard.
NEW CLOAKS jAND SUITS!
QiA. QH— LADIES' VELVET CAPES, handsomely beaded.
*4> T"»"vJ S iit hned, Empire back, worth $7 50, on sale at *4 95-
CC "7 C— LADIES' FINE CLOTH SUITS, fly front jackets,
«P^-J« JO n^ w sleeve, skirts lined ana bound, all colors, worth
$9, on sale at $5 75.
tf> | JE— LADIES' FIGURED MOHAIR DRESP SKIRTS,
s^ «•■ vJ f U i; width, percalme lined and velvet bound, worth
$2, on sale at $1 45.
GA ft C- LADIES' TAN KERSEY JACKETS, silk lined
<4>T-»yvJ throughout, fly fronts, new sleeve, worth $7 50, on
sale at $4 95.
[/[/ Murphy Building, / [/[/ Murphy Building, ,/ {/{J Murphy Building, / if if svurphy Euilding, J fJH/ Murphy Building, J
fflarlet ana Jones Streets. I Marte ani Jones Street! Marto ana Jones Streets. fflarto and Jones Streets. Met and Jones Streets.
DOG DAYS FAST
APPROACHING
Will Be Ushered in Next
Month hy the San Fran
cisco Kennel Club,
Not Climatically, but With a
Bench Show for Dogs
and Peop'e.
The Dog to Rale and Rule as Never
Before on the Pacific
Coist.
To the dogs! Why not? Everybody
is poing. And the San Francisco Kennel
Club avers that everybody should deem
themselves fortunate for being permitted.
For the members of the San Francisco
Kennel Club declare that the coming
bencli show at the Mechanics' Pavilion,
opening May 19, is to be a do;* show for
dogs, and a dos show to which the lovers of
the dog have on this coast heretofore been
strangers The doc, they further assert,
knows neither rank nor fortune, and truly
in this do they seem borne out. Society
has placed the seal of its august approva
on the coming show. The humbler arti
san, whose dog is his friena, and whose
entry fee therefor must be saved by the
piecemeal, is equally enthusiastic. In
fact, it is confidently asserted that society
is going to the dogs en masse, and society
is going to be followed to the dogs by
many others wi,<> are less favored socially,
but are none tiie le«s sincere in their love
for that which is canine.
And from all indications there seems in
deed much to warrant. Money has at no
point been spared in the preliminary ar
rangements, nor is a lack of the same any
where shown in the premium list. Cash
prizes to the amount of $1250 have been
offered. Silver caps have been bung ud
to the total value of $750, and gold and
silver medals to the value of $560 more
will be distributed. And all wituout rah
That we already LEAD THE TRADE in
New Spring Goods is an acknowledged fact,
but we are constantly striving for new busi=
ness and the EXTRAORDINARY . INDUCE-
MENTS we offer this week are bound to
bring it in a greatly increased volume, for our
stocks are now complete to the minutest 'de-
tail and the MATCHLESS COLLECTIONS
OF ELEGANT AND FASHIONABLE PRO-
DUCTIONS are characterized by
PRICES THAT DOUBLE THEIR ATTRACTIVENESS!
;■. LADIES' WAISTS! ■;
f?A r — LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, "Stanley" make, detachable col-
JU^ lars, will be offered at 60c each. > u.r
7C r - LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, detachable collars, in all fancy.
■ *-*** stripes and figures, will be offered at 75c each.
<L| f|f\-LADIES' LAWN AND DIMITY SHIRT WAISTS, in all the latest pat-
VliyU terns, will be offered at $1 each.
I '
I fri Rft— LADIES' FANCY DIMITY AND FIGURED LAWN WAISTS, in the very
; vJ)I«vJU latest figured patterns, will be offered at $1 50 each. , .>o\\'S<>'
I
I LADIES' KID GLOVES!
| AA r — lso dozen 4-BUTTON REAL KID GLOVES, large buttons, black only, regu-
! "Vf\» i ar price $1, on special sale at 60c a pair.
! Tft r — 110 dozen 3-CLASP CHAMOIS-SKIN GLOVES, in white and natural color,
■ "*■» regular price $1, on special sale at 70c a pair. . . s
' ' \
NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS!
CA r BLACK MOHAIR BRAID SETS (5 graduated frog ornaments), special
yjyjK, price 50c a set.
CI 9 C— BLACK SILK, JET BEAD AND BLACK MOHAIR BRAID BOLEROS,
S>l«^vJ . spec al prices $1 25 a set.
I A r — COLORED BEAD GIMP TRIMMING, assorted patterns and new shadings,
1"^ special prices 10c a yard. .'•■
K9~ OUR NEW CATALOGUE! is now ready for difitribntion to OUT-OF-
TOWN RESIDENTS, to whom it will be mailed free on application.
ing the price of entry as obtaining here
tofore.
In the matter of arrangement and man
agement, too, the change from the old to
tne new offers even more agreeable pros
pects. A patent-wire benching, never be
fore used on the coast, has been secured.
K. M. Oldham, who has superintended the
leading shows throughout tue Eist, will
assume a like authority here.
Major Taylor will assist Mr. Oldham in
judging the leading classes; Mr. Waring
will judge fox-terriers, and Mr. Fellows
the remaining classes.
From present indications about 600 dogs
will be exhibited, and among them many
never before shown here or elsewhere.
These figures, too, include only suca dogs
as are known to be at present in the State,
and the number may be augmented ap
preciably.
Among the particular features of the ex
hipition, as opposed to wuch in the past,
will doubtless be the quota of greyhounds
shown. Heretofore this class has been
poorly represented. At the same time it
has always been claimed, and by experi
enced judges from the East it has been
conceded, (.bat California has some cf the
finest greyhounds in America, if not the
world. Consequently special provision
will be made this year to secure their ex
hibition.
Another feature will be the method of
handling the dogs in the ring. All hand
lers of dogs when bringing such dogs into
the ring will wear the number thereof
conspicuously displayed on their sleeves.
This is the method heretofore pursued at
the Westminster Kennel Club at all its
shows, and by reference to the catalogue
enables ilie uninitiated to recognize any
dog at a glance.
In fact, no minor detail will be over
looked or slighted, and the San Francisco
Kennel Club, at its office, 224 Montgomery
street, confidently asserts that albeit
their inaugural, the coming show will oe
a dog show unprecedented this side of the
mountains.
Wuns "Vow's Mil til.
United States Commissioner Heacock has
suspended indefinitely the hearing of testi
mony in the habeas corpus case oi Wong Vow,
a young Chinaman, whose witnesses swore
that he was a native of Redding, Shasta
County. The Collector of the Port refused to
admit him because of the contradictory testi
mony.
K. £. Highton, attorney lor the Chinaman,
informed the Commissioner that he knew of a
white witness who knew that Vow was a na
tive born American citizen and would try to
secure his attendance at the examination.
The hearing was continued in order to give
Mr. riighton an opportunity of obtaining this
\ witness.: ..•'.:. : • : . .
Negligence on Both Side*.
Coroner Hawkins yesterday morn in? held
»n Inquest on the body of Frank O'Hanlon.
who was asphyxiated on April 9 in an oiltank
at the Pacific Rolling Mills. The jury ren
dered a verdict charging negligence on the
part of the Pacific Rolling Mills people In
ordering O'Hanlon to enter the tank without
being certain that there was sufficient air in it
to sustain life. The jury also lound that the
deceased disobeyed instructions by removing
the safety line from his body.
The v--fdict in the case of Lulu Jobberns,
the young Australian married woman who
died ironi the effects of a criminal operation a
few days ago, was that she herselt had in
flicted the injuries which caused her death.
(irowiri of Native Tobacco.
J. A. Filcher of Auburn, C. P. Berry of
Wheatland, J. D. Gulp of San Felipe, Charles
Edelmnn of Orange and Lmis Titus of San
Francisco have incorporated the Culp Cali
fornia Cigar and Tobacco Company with a
capital stock of $50,000, the lncorporators
having subscribed for $300 each. The com
pany will go into the tobacco business on an
extensive scale.
Sale of a Furniture Factory.
I 'la Judge black's court yesterday the plant
and , stock ;of the ; San Francisco ; Furniture
Company was otto red for sale to satisfy the de
mands of creditors." C. J. Bruschke, president
of the company, was one of the bidders, but
Wi. son & t.askiil offered more than he, aud
took the premises for $1000 f>o.
••"■••.■':>/■ - — i ", . • — ♦ — * \ ' " '. ;
;', Families not cooking at home "on ■ Sundays
1 should visit Normann's Cafe (under the Bald
, wini. . • i
A BUSY WEEK
FOR THE MASONS
The Grand Council, R. and
S. M., Will Meet in the
Temple on Monday.
Then the Royal Arch Masons
Will Be in Session for
Two Days.
After That the Grand Commandery
Will Meet ior Business— A Drill
and Ball in Aid of the Home.
This week will be one of activity in Ma
sonic circle:), for there will be sessions of
the higher bodies of Masonry.
To-morrow the Grand Council of the
Royal and Select Masters of California,
which is the legislative body of all the
Royal and Select Masters of the State of
California, and of which Charles E. Gillett
is the grand master, will meet in tne Ma
sonic Temple. Tins body will remain in
session but one day, and in the afternoon
will elect its officers and install them.
On Tuesday the Grand Chapter of the
Royal Arch Masons of California, the gov
erning body of the Royal Arch Masons of
California, Adolphus Howell, grand high
priest, will convene in the temple and re
main in session two days. The election
and installation of the officers of this
body will take place on the last day of the
session.
On Thursday the Grand Commandery
of the Knights Templar of California, the
leeislative body of all the commanderies
of the State, will convene in annual ses
sion, and it is likely that it will remain in
session three days to transact all its busi
ness.
On Friday evening there will be a com
petitive drill by the Knights Templar in
the Mechanics' Pavilion, in which Cali
fornia Commandery No. 1, Oakland Com
mandery No. 11 and Gulden Gate Com
mandery No. 1G will take part, and it is
possiDle that the commanderies of Sacra
nif ntu and San Jose may take part. The
d i ill will be followed by a grand ball.
The entire proceeds of this entertainment
will be contributed to the building fund
used for ahe erection of the Masonic
Widows' and Orphans' Homo at Decoto,
Alameda County. This will be an un
usually pleasing event and no doubt will
attract a lame attendance.
The committee on arrangements of this
entertainment consists of £. '. Sir W.
Frank Pierce, Sir Charles L. Fields, Sir
B. P. Flint, E.\ Sir William D. Knights,
and E.-. Sir George B. McKee.
A ieview of the year about closing
shows thnt Masonry has, despite the cry
of hard times, been prosperous, and that
there hai been a healthy increase in mem
bership all along the line. The Grand
Council has at tnis time a membership of
941, the Grand Chapter 5313 and the com
manderies 3050.
The several bodies will have consider
able business to transact, but it will all be
of n character outside of the election of
the officers that will be iurnished only to
members. ___________^^
j Libel Action Dismissed.
| The libel action of Uibbs, Living & Co. of
LINENS! LINENS!
Our Linen business continues to improve. We im-
I port more Linens each succeeding month. In advance
|of increased duty we have laid in an enormous stock.
| They are bought right. But they must be unloaded
quickly. Prices will do that.
See our HIGH-GRADE BLEACHED TABLE DAM- ~ ~
ASK, 61 inches wide, at yard eiOU
See our PURE LINEN CREAM TABLE DAMASK, a D\ n
great value at yard OOij
BLEACHED 3-4 DINNER-SIZE NAPKINS, 21 inches (\\ ft
square, pure linen, on special snle at dozen v'jXj
A fII?FAT Just opened — A case of samples fine
T» VJ| V L '^ ■ Towels, Table Cloths (fringed and
VA I lIP hemstitched), Lunch Sets, Doylies,
nLIUL " Trays, Squares, etc., received from
I Moravia, Austria. As there is but one of a kind, rather
than return them we will close them out at about one-
half their value.
HOSIERY AND^UNDERWEAR!
LADIES' LISLE THREAD HOSIERY, black boots, ~(\,,
new colored tops, newest shades and drop-stitch OxfLi
lisles, at. pair
CHILDREN'S FINE 1-1 RIBBED. FULL, REGULAR- I.IU
MADE HOSE, all sizes. 6 to nu, splendid value. .pair i^oC
i BOYS' HEAVY BICYCLE OR SCHOOL HOSE, made 1 K p
specially for hard wear and rough usage uair -i-'Jxj
MEN'S AND BOYS' WEAR !
450 dozen MEN'S, BOYS' AND LADIES' SILK NECK-
WEAR, in a choice assortment of the new season's
colorings and newest shapes of Tecks, four-in-hands, w }~. p
band and shield bows, Windsors, club ties, etc., on **''\J
special sale this week at each
140 dozen MEN'S FULL -FINISHED MEDIUM-
WEIGHT MERINO SOCKS, finished with double- -j W)L~
spliced heels and toes, in assorted light shades, 1«— 2«J
worth 25c a pair, on special sale this week at. ... .... pair
82 dozsn MEN'S UNDYEU SANITARY WOOL AND
CAMEL'S HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AN D ffiji 00
DRAWERS, warranted thoroughly siirunk, worth «?-!■•—
$1 50 each, on special sale this week at each
LACES ! LACES !
| BUTTER AND IVORY ORIENTAL GUIPURE LACE. 1 •:„
4 to 7 inches wide, regular value 25c a yard, on spec al ±'J\j
sale at yard
BUTTER AND IVORY APPLIQUE LACE, 4 to 6 inches *)~ p
wide, regular value 45c a yum, on special sale at.yar I — >'Jv3
CHIFFON LACE, in all colors. 4 to 5 inches wide, re«u- »)*«
lar value 43c a yard, on sjecial sale at yard ~'J\j
RIBBONST RIBBONS !
3^-INCH ALL -SILK SHADED TAFFETA MOIRE »/\-
RIBBONS, in assorted colcri, value 30c a yard, will —"u
be offered at yard
4-INCH ALL- SILK SHADED TAFFETA MOIRE W)-^
RIBBONS, in assorted colors, value 40c a yard, will £*'>yj
be offered at yard
Hongkong against the ship Lyndhurst to re
cover advances made by the complainants
was dismis-ed yesterday by United States
Judge Morrow, it having been shown that the
case is already on trial before a British court.
WHAT TSOUT tfILL EAT.
Sonic Observations by a Practiced and
Practical Fisherman.
The following is the first of a short
series of articles on trout fishing, written
by an expert angler, and doubtless there
are many fond lovers of the beautiful and
pleasant pastime who will appreciate the
writer's ideas piscatorially :
I presume that many anglers will feel indig
nant, and will censure me severely for pre
suming to admit that anything but an ex
tremely strained relationship can exist be
tween fly-fishing and bait-fishing; in fact, the
time has been when such an avowal from an
other would have called forth an indignant
protest from myself, but thirty years of en
thusiastic devoiion to the fly-rod in many
ciimes, and more opportunities ot closely
studying my favorite oport than falls to the
lot of most anglers, have long since convinced
me that before a man can become «v expert
angler with the artificial fly he must thor
oughly realize what flv-rishlnii; actually is.
Any small fleeting object apparently pos
sessing life suggests edibility to a feeding
trout. A trout when in feeding humor will
pursue and seize any movintf object which
from its form and sizs he supposes to be
edible.
A neatly tied artificial fly of the smaller
kind, carefully dressed to bear a general re
sembance to one or another of the many
smaller living beings with which the trout
are familiar, under me general hasty competi
tive political econoniv governing trout stream^,
will be received by the trout and mouthed
without discnminHiion. But a mass of satu
rated, bedraggled feathers and hackle— such
as that which a large trout fly becomes after a
few casts— cannot possibly suggest any fa
miliar prototype to a hungry fish; he cannot
regard it as one of me smaller submerged in
sects upon which he is accustomed tof-.-ed;
but the mass of feathers and hackle moves;
it is apparently endowed with life, and
the trout straightaway goes for it on the
general principle that something that moves
and attempts to elude him must be good to
eat.
It is to the above fact alone that the largo
troutflies owe their killing value. For, if trout
were soleiv insectivorous and fed only on
flies, large flies would have no place in the
angler's fiybook; but the fact of trout being
by turns both insectivorous and carnivorous—
at times leeding on insects only, and again
at others ignoring insect diet and confining
themselves exclusively to small fry, and such
like food— is the reason large flies are as neces
sary to the >iir.;ler as the small ones.
The great secret of successful fly-fishing,
apart from expert casting, lies in knowing the
feeding humor of the fish. If a trout is feed
ing upon insects it is useless to offer him a
large iroutfly; if, on the other hand, a trout
is scouring the shallows pursuing the smaller
fishes iv his vicinity in quest of something
meaty and tilling, it is a waste of time to tempt
him with a small fly.
Recollect that both large and small trout
flies have their separate and individual mis
sions, and that one can be sent upon errands
upon which it would be useless to employ the
otner. The above observations are intended
to apply to large trout only, or, in unglers'
parlance, "sizable fish." Any bungler can
catch small trout, hence 1 consider them uu
worthy a good angler's notice, and, as such, I
do not include them in my comments beyond
stating that I have always found small trout
extremely erratic In disposition, often seizing
anything edible without regard to time or
place — in fact, being like tne younger mem
bers of any family, fishy or otherwise—un
formed in character, consequently irregular in
behavior and possessing no settled habits
from which to deduce any data of value.
It U a common thing to hear the trout
spoken of ns a surface feoier or fly-ieeding
fish. This statement, being made in an un
qualified sense ol the term, invariably conveys
to; the angling novice the erroneous impres
sion that trout feed principally, if not wholly,
upon insect life. Such a statement puts the
would-be fly-fisherman upon the wrong track
from the s art, leading him to consider the
hundred and one feathered combinations
which decorate his flvhooks as being artificial
substitutes and imitations of the various in
sects upon which the trout feed ; whereas fully
three-fourths of them bear no relation what
ever to the insectivorous portion of a trout's
diet, they beine merely a lighter form of arti
ficial bait— * substitute of feathers aud tinsel
for the trolling spoon, articial minnow, and
such like lures.
As 1 before stated, a hungry trout will
pursue and seize a small moving object of
almost any description that comes within its
reach; and, in illustration of the above asser
tion, 1 will menUoa a few of the many ex
perimental devices with which I have caught
trout.
In the Peshtigo River, W'ausaukeo River
and the north branch of th<^ Pike River, ;n
Wisconsin, I have tried the following make
shift devices, in many instances with as much
success as though 1 had the natural minncw
or most artistic spoon at command: Apiece
of Dork rind, about three inches long,
stretched on an ordinary triple-hock gans, a
strip of tin sardine can cut rouahiy to re
semble a small fish, with its two cuds twisted
to make it spin, nnd rigged by means of a
keyring at each end (holes being punched for
their reception) with triple hooks; two inches
of a red penholder, one end secured to a casting
line, the other end bearing a triangular hook,
and weighted with sufficient split shot to keep
benenth the surface: a piece of small glass
tubing, about two and a half inches long,
threaded upon the gimp shell of a triangular
hook to the shank and there fastened to allow
casting; a piece of chamois leather, rolled
tightly into a small coil about four inches
long, with hooks in one end, tied to a casttng
gans with enough shot to sink it; a small
eteel key with a triple hook attached; a strip
oi thick sole leather, about three inches long,
mounted with triangular hooks; and, also,
many other devices of a similar nature, that
could be cast and retrieved through the water
and carry tne hooks wherewith to catch the
trout when seizing them.
Of course the above were used for experi
mental purposes only, and to convince my
self of the correctness of my theory, that "a
predator? fish does not discriminate to any
appreciable extent when hunting for food, al
most any animate object being seized, even if,
as in the case of something not edible, it is
immediately rejected.
I do not wish you to think I am advocating
the use of such makeshifts when fishing for
trout. 1 merely instance theni to give a
clearer conception oi the feeding habits of the
trout and open your eyes to the fact that suc
cessful fly-fishing is not necessnrily a pursuit
which calls for shopmade lures of certain
sizes, fixed form and standard color. But,
should the fly-fisherman find himself within
easy access of a good fishing-ground, and,
through an accident or otherwise, be minus
his tackle-book, I think the makeshift lures I
hsve mentioned will enable him to imp ovise
a bait of some kind or other for the occasion-
rew to- bat:
FEEE TOlifiE
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
FOR WEAKNESS OF m..
WHICH CURED HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAIL£U. . 1
Painful diseases are bad enough,' but when a
man is slowly wasting ■ away with ' nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the ino-t severe pain. There
is no let up to the mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
Buch a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the writer roiled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had no:
better take a dose of poison and tbus.end all
his throubles. But providential inspiration
came to his aid in the shape of* a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak,
| emaciated parts to natural size nnd vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and addreks may
have the method of this ■ wonderful treatment
i free. Now, when I say free 1 mean absolutely
without cost, because I "want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience. •
lam not a philanthropist, i nor do 1 pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
Buffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at once could
they but get such a remedy., as i the one that
I • cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mall the information, but »end for it and
I learn that there - are a few - things on ear h
I that, although they cost nothing to , get, ato
I worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
■ time of nappiness to most of us Write to
; Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kalainaxoo, Mich :
I and the information will be mailed in a plaio
•ealed envelope. .
■LagV H^t HLn iff 'A I B^BP
SB SH S3 BD KB f^cj
The most certain and sate Pain Remedy.'- Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, hoarseness, burs
I Throat, B onchltis. Congestion* unit Inflamma-
-1 tions. 6Uc per bottle. ! sold by druggist*
2122
SUNDAY.'. •■ APRIL, 18. 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUfc,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00 I
Daily and Sunday Cai.».. three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. " .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall ••-•; 1.00
Weekly Call, one year, by mail. .;.........• 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE: : f t <.
7 111 Market. Street, ! >'• *,*/. -;* .*'-'■■-:
Pan Fraucisco, California. ' <
Telephone . ._ ■_ atolii-IMB
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay (Street.
Telephone - Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery a'.reet, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
015 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
ts\V. corner Sixteenth, and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
505 Polk street: open until 9;SO o'clock.
N\V. earner we uty -second and Kentucky
streets: open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
9JB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 31 »nd 32, 34 Park Row. New York City.
jiaVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
id CALL PEAKS FOR ALL.
llail, Easter morning.
Beauties, bonnets and bouquets rule the
day.
The woman question of the day: Is my
bonnet on straight?
Spring has been in town for some time,
but until to-day has never had social
recognition.
The fiest« of the week will bear the name
of Los Angeles, but all California will
have a share in the irolicand profit by the
£'ory. _
According to some of our Eastern ex
changes a syndicate is trying to organize
:• rish trust, but it may be only another
Jonah story.
The objections made by foreign nation?
to the Dingley tariff will not disturb us so
long as it puts an end to the depression of
trade at home.
If the first Kaiser William is to be
known in German history as William the
Grent, the present youngster will prob
ably attain distinction as William the
Great Scott!
Four more States— Massachusetts, Vir
ginia, Ohio *nJ lowa — will hold elections
this year, and the Democrats are hoping
to carry Virginia as an evidence they are
not dead yet.
Europe would have had some chance of
settling the Greek crisis and preserving the
peace if she had a presiding officer like
Tom I!eed to manage the diplomats and
direct the concert.
The Spanish Government has a right to
inauire of the powers why they do not help
Spain to hold Cuba as well as help Turkey
to hold Crete. Tbere ou. ht to be no favor
itism in such matters.
If Gladstone continues hi? attacks on
the Czar and the Kaiser, they will have
either to fighi England to get even or sue
him for libel. There is no way for them
to seek vindication by running for office.
The movement in Washington to start
work on the Federal building in this City
will continue to make propre«s just bo
long as we continue to follow the trail
ana see that it doesn't sit down some
where.
It is reported that in Chicago the
Thomas orchestra has run behind $200,000"
in four years, hut the hand-organ men
continue to come out ahead of the game
and the musical requirements of the city
are satisfied.
The campaigning in Cuba will soon be
brought to an end by the rainy season and
possibly will not begin again. There is
a prospect that peace and independence
will be in the island by the time sunny
weather returns.
Cleveland has been invited to speak on
"Present Problems" at a banquet to be
given by the Reform Club of New York
and if we listen closely on that occasion
we may hear the first rumblings of an
other third terra movement headed this
way. _^____
It i* said that Rudy ard Kipiine is to re
ceive $5000 a month to report the Cretan
war for the London Times and as that is
much more than Ingalls got to report the
Carson fight it will be seen that literary
men are still ahead of statesmen in news
paper work. ..:...
Voting machines were tested at several
of the recent city elections in Michigan
and are said to have worked well. It is
reported that in Adrian the count was
so prompt that the judges were able to
certify the result within fifteen minutes
after the polls closed. »
The people of Cambridge, Mass., are
talKing of celebrating the tenth anniver- .
sary of the banishment of liquor saloons
from the town, but it is not clear with
what they will cheer themselves with dur
ine the celebration. It would never do to
pour cold water on a proposition of that
kind.
The Senators should take notice of the
fact that but little public attention was
paid to the tariff debate in the House.
The country is tired of talk on the sub
ject, and no reputation can De made by
speaking on it. • Senators who wish to ac
quire repute should move for immediate
action.
It is asserted that Missouri in 1896 paid
over $600,000 to Supervisors for directing,
road work which in itself cost only about
$490,000. In other = States whose figures
for similar work have not been published
this is regarded as a good joke on Mis
souri, and the people are chuckling
over it.
Sarah Bernhardt is quoted as saying that
she attributes the preservation of her
.health and youthful appearance to the
fact that she drinks nothing except milk
diluted with water, but there is . a haunt-
Ing fear that she may -have made the
statement as- an advertisement for some
milk-dealer. ;
A correspondent of the Chicago News as
serts that an imperial decree forbids the
export from Japan of any inferior art
work which would be calculated to injure
the demand' for the liner work of the
people, and consequently all the cheap
and tawdry Japanese bric-a-brac sold
here is only an liaiutioa made in tail
The recurrence of a regular annual holiday always reminds us that the various
j events which have seemed to rise so importantly around us tiuring the intervening
I year have not been very important after all, for none of them have in the least decree
j affected the even tenor of that respective holiday as it has revolved slowly in its orbit
around a twelvemonth of worldly vicissitudes. No matter what may have happened
to certain individual mortals or to certain individual nations, when any one of the
reeular yearly festivals occurs the people in general are just as ready to observe it as
though nothing had intervened to divert them from the happy mood In which the
preceding occurrence of it had left them.
This Easter is but another suggestion arranged by. Providence to man, that all his
woes are really not important to the general scheme of tningsjind that there ia a great
universal routine of events which is designed for the maintenance of his equilibrium
despite all his little gyratinjys and whims. This system of Chri&tian holidays is like a
governor on an engine— it holds the world level. What mortai or multitude or nation
ever ventures to ignore it?
Mankind, however, is glad of a holiday, All men may not pause to realize the deep
influence which we have ascribed to the holiday system, but all are conscious of some
kind of advantage being derived from it. This is mostly of a transiently pleasurable
nature, of course. Men, women and children in all the Christian countries are
cheered by the festivities "f such a holiday as Easter, even if they fail to realize any
other signiticance in the occasion. They are less conscious of being influenced— that
is all. They are, in point of fact, influenced quite as iirmly as any one else.
The special significance of Easter as an anniversary is more or less present in
everybody's mind as the day comes round. That of itself bears an influence separate
and apart from anything else. It is with the particular spirit of Easter upon it that
The Call begs to wish its readers an enjoyment of the day, each according to his or
her understanding and pleasure. May the Easter beils mean all to them that their
hearts can respond to; may the Easter flowers wear such semblances in their sight as
can be con jured from their association with the Great Past; may the Easter services
do them good according to their faiths.
It is a sad fortune which brings to us on this day the news of the declaration of
war in the Levant. "Wnile throughout Christendom the churches are thrillinz with
music, telling in triumphal notes of the resurrection of Him whose birth was a
promise of "peace on earth," war rages between Moslem and Christian, and peace is
far off. Let us rejoice that in our land the blessing of the day is secure, and let us
hope that ere another Piaster dawns the whole world may be equally blessed.
THE UNIVEKSITY FIBE.
The very serious loss of the agricultural
building by fire at the State University
Friday last is a matter for much regret,
but the time spent in sorrow for the loss
should be brief compared to that which is
eiven to the study of plans to make nearly
impossible the recurrence of such a disas
ter. Perhaps if but a mere fraction ot the
clear, arduous and scientific thinking
which has been used in the accumulation
of the treasures of knowledge destroyed so
swiftly in Friday's lire had been devoted
to the devising of ways and means of
making those researches safe for luiute
reference a very great economy of mental
industry would have thereby been
achieved.
The damage is estimated at $20,000. but
this is merely what can be calculated as
purely commercial loss, and the value of
the burned scientific records, whicb can
not be replaced, it is impossible to approxi
mate, but it is not an unreasonable specu
lation to suppose they would reach to ten
fold the value of the building. A large
part of the results of the ten years' labor
of a number or highly trained minds was
swept away in an hour, and it is far from
incredible that in those records may have
been the possible foundations for further
knowiedee which by aiding agricultural
achievements would have benefited the
State far into the hundred thousands.
One remedy for future dangers of this
Kind is undoubtedly within reach by the
provision of fire extinguishing mechanisms
and arrangements and the persistent
training of the students for swift and
etlicient work in fire fighting the instant
the alarm is given. Such a long and labo
riously accumulated treasure is surely
worth a watchman, and if the alarm was
prompt and the student fire brigade both
brave and instructed by repeated practice
in the art of concerted action such victory
of the flames as has just occurred would
be well nigh impossible.
THE CZAR AND THE KAISER.
If Mr. Gladstone's knowledge of Euro
pean affairs is as comprehensive as he
evidently thinks it, then Europe at the
present lime is dominated by Germany
and Russia, and all other nations are sub
ordinate to the diplomacy of these pow
ers. Mr. Gladstone, indeed, states the
case more strongly. He charges that
Germany and Russia tietnselve* aro com
pletely under the control of their rulers,
and charges that' the Czar and the Kaiser
are the arbiters of the nations and directly
responsible for maintaining the Turkish
empire, and, therefore, indirectly answer
able lor the Armenian atrocities and the
present complications in Crete and Greece.
In a letter recently addressed to Damp-
EM, the Macedonian leader, Mr. Gladstone
says:
You might, and all Hellenci micht, count
upon the sympathies of the people o{
this country, and inmost matters when you
have the sympathies ot this people you can
count upon the action of our Government; but
it is not the people or tbe Government of
(treat Britain who are directing the course ol
Cretan and Greek questions.
Tnder the present deplorable scheme all our
Government has to do is to plead for its
opinions as If it were before a tribunal of
those youthful despots, the Emperors of Ger
many and Russia, and to abide by and help
execute their final determinations.
The language of this letter is not that of
a diplomatist, hardly even that of a states
man, charged with the responsibilities of
National affairs. It is rather that of an
agitator preaching a new crusade. None
the leas will the letter have its weight and
influence, lor it emanates from no ordi
nary man. Mr. Gladstone is still a great
leader, and his leadership was never more
apparent than at this time, because he is
tbe only man in Europe holding a front
rank in statesmanship who sneaks with
a clear, resolute and decided voice on the
issues that confront tbe nations.
When men are undecided, doubtful and
hesitating, almost any man whose mind
is fully made up, who has convictions and
not merely opinions, and who, further
more, has the courage to assert them and
the ahiiitv to maintain them with force
and effect, is certain sooner or later to
dominate the wavering and irresolute
multitude and shape their energies to the
accomplishment of his will. It is this fact
which gives importance to Mr. Gladstone's
attitude at the present time. While
others are hesitating he goes forward, and
it is only a question of time when the
waverers will follow his leadership and
join in his cru-ude.
The "youthful despots," as Mr. Glad
stone calls them, have in this old but still
eloquent and lorceful orator an antagon
ist in no way unworthy of their power.
Tbe throne is no longer superior to the
forum, and the man who can speak to the
whole civilized world is not unequally
matched against men whose words com
mand armies. The Czar and the Kaisnr may
plot and plan in secret as they will, but
so long as tbe people of Europe have a
leader of the courage and eminence of
Mr. Gladstone, the cause which they sup
port will probably prove tbe successful
one when the iinal arbitrament is made
whether tlie issue be determined by dip
lomacy or by the sword.
TheHumboldt Times chronicles tbe birth
of a two-headed calf in that region. In
the race of coming into the world this calf
beat all tbe other calves iv iiumboidt
County by a lie ad.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 13, 1897.
EASTER.
BEARING THE END.
According to all reports, whether they
! come from Madrid, Havana or the camp
I of the insurgents, the Cuban war is draw
; ing to a close. The rainy season, which
i will begin in a few day?, will pat an end
I to active campaigning in tbe island, and
; the Spaniards will then have some months
I in which to reflect upon the situation end
; consider well whether it be worth while to
! continue a war in which they have gained
j no successes in the past and which threat
[ ens to be even more disastrous in the
. future.
Put-lie sentiment in Madrid seem* to be
i wholly opposed to a renewal of the war
after the rainy season. News from that
city is to the effect that the Spanish Gov
ernment not daring to make an open ap
peal for additional troops to conduct the
war has attempted to raise private com
! panics, and has failed even in that. A
: call for tiOOO volunteers has been followed
, by an enlistment of only 200. The oppo
! sition newspapers of Spain have been en
couraged to make open attacks upon the
Government and to denounce the war as
! costly, cruel and wasteful. This in itself
| is an evidence that the Spanish people are
weary of the strife and will no longer sup
', port the Government in an effort to re-
I new it.
In addition to this demonstration of
public sentiment against the war there
are reports that the Government itself is
inclined toward bringing it to an end. It
is asserted that as soon as the rainy sea
son sets in, a large number of Spanish
troops in the island will be recalled to
Spain. This can hardly mean anything
else than an abandonment of the contest,
for it is hardly likely that in the present
impoverished condition of the treasury
■ the Hpnnibh Government would under
take the cost of removing large bodies of
troops from Cuba to Spain simply for the
purpose of protecting their health during
the summer season with the intention of
returning them to the island when the
weather becomes iavorable to new opera
tions in the field.
Even if we make a large allowance for
errors in these reports there will be enough
left to afford reason for believing that the
war is virtually at an end, and while Spain
may continue for some time longer to hold
her fortified posts in the island, the occu
pation will be hardly mor*» than that
which England continued fora time in
tbe American colonies after the surrender
of Cornwallis. The struggle is over. The
Cuban* have won. Whether the time be
long or short before independence is recog
nized, there can be little doubt but what it
frill be established in the end.
TH£ ANTARCTIC REGIONS-
The wide interest which has been re
vived all the world over in the Arctic re
gions by the recently published record of
the exploits of the explorer, Kansen, sug
gests speculations both as to the future of
the north and south polar regions. Al
though trips to the neighborhood of the
north Dole have been quite frequent in
recent years the Antarctic country has
been neglected for fifty years, and the un
explored and unknown area there is
sevenfold as great as that of the land still
wrapped in mystery to the north of us.
. Nansen's wonderful success in the north
will doubtless be a forerunner of similarly
skilled and daring penetrations into the
region round the southern polo. Indeed,
one of the admirals of the British navy is
now advocating such an expedition. He
gives three reasons why this arduous and
dangerous voyage should be undertaken.
The definite determination of the declina
tion of the magnetic pull would be an im
mense advantage to navigation, both on
account of safety and time saved in voy
ages, and this can be done only by fixing
the position of the magnetic south pole
by explorations far within the Antarctic
circle. The science of meteorology will
always be very largely . imperfect until
many observations have been taken in the
Antarctic world. His third reason is that
in times ot peace it is well to keep sailors
trained in efforts involving high courage
and endurance in order that heroism may
not deteriorate for lack of exercise.
But there are other thoughts suggested
by reading Nansen's wonderfully interest
ing book. He so thoroughly proved his
two theories of Arctic navigation— that a
great current flows regularly across the
region bearing the whole' expanse of ice
floes with it and that a ship can be so
strongly constructed as to . resist the
crushing force of the floating ice masses—
that as a consequence of these positively
calculable facts we may expect more and
more frequent ips across that new world
until familiarity and knowledge gained
thereby takes away both the danger and
tbe dread of travel there.
Nunsen found that the comforts and
pleasures of life could be attained in the
Arctic to so great a degree that it sur
prised even himself, who was so well ac
quainted with, frigid, realm?. .With the
weather so far below zero that it was ter
rifying to; look at a thermometer his men
found they could enjoy lone walks across
the Ice just for recreation, and that they
had to throw aside their furs as too warm
and go clad in woolen garments. .
The terrors of the north polar region
being thus to a large extent dispelled, we
can with more confidence and courage
undertake the greater work of exploration
toward the south. In that vast and un
known portion of the globe adventure may
, look for its ' "greatest ' glories in the immc j
diate future and expect its roost wonder
ful results. Science and mechanism will
enable man to conquer ice and snow and
overcome every obstacle in his way. Tne
north pole has not been reached, but its
secrets have been revealed. Most that
geography holds of mystery is now to the
south, and iv that direction, therefore, are
the eyes of the bold ' and »drenturous
directed.
A COAST ARTILLERY RESERVE.
As work progresses on our comprehensive
system of coast defenses the question of a
force to man them is becoming more and more
j pressing, and at as early a day as posnible pro
. vision should be made for a coast artillery re
! serve. Oi what use are all our costly guns
aud forts without an adequate and at least
partially trained force to man them in case of
war? The regular army men. if the civalry
and infantry are set to serve the guns, will
never suffice to man the fourth part of our
heavy guns and their auxiliaries, and yet no
steps have been takon to form a reserve force.
A reserve it an obvious expedient which
nearly every nation has adopted in one form
or another. By its means the change from a
peace to a war footing is made in the least
time, with the leait friction and with a corre
sponding gain in efficiency.
No nation has a simpler military problem to
solve than we. Coast defense evidently forms
its principal element. Without waiting for
the completion of our defenses, which will be
a matter of years at best, some definite organ
ization should be decided upon at once and a
start made toward providing an efficient coast
artillery reserve. Without this our defensive
preparations will remain incomplete even
after every gun is mounted.
Whether this force should be a State or a
National one is an open question. There are
ineny objections to putting these new duties
on the National Guard, which already has its
full share of work laid down. To do co would
be to sacrifice to a large extent th<>ir efficiency
as infantry or else put on the State the addcil
burden of new organizations. The expence of
keeping up the National Guard is already felt
as a heavy drain on many of the States, and
doubtless some of them, in the South espe
cially, wocld be only too glad to shift the bur
den on tb« National Government if the way
were made clear. However, the National de
fense must not be jeopardized by the failure
or inability of any State to keep the requisite
body of men in training.
Although we on the seaboard have more at
Make in case of a navai attack, still the ques
tion o: seacoast defense is essentially ana
truly a National one. The attendant enormous
expense and the intricacies of The subject are
such that it can De dealt with satisfactorily
only by the General Government and by offi
cers who devote their entire time to it. Under
the State system a difference of methods and
! organization would be certain and mfght re
sult seriously in cases where troops of two or
more States unite in the defense 01 a harbor, j
as would be the case at several points on our
coasts. In place of that unity of command, of
training aud organization so essential to suc
cess we would find differences and bickerings
which might eusily jeopardize our cause.
A complete 'harbor defense requires the
hearty and active co-operation of both ports
and ships. Neither can act alone to the best
a.ivantage. The navy will always constitute a j
National force, and unity of action, if no other
reason, requires all the elements ot harbor
defense, both personal and materlrJ, to be
under one direction and this can only be the
| General Government.
It will always be an easy matter to get a
suffioient number of men 10 perform the
manual labor connected with harbor defense.
The really essential matter is the providing
and training in advance of a sufficient body of
officers and gunners and also of men for the
special services such as raiige-Quding and
torpedo-work.
A practical and satisfactory solution seems
to He in the formation of localized reserves for
each harbor to be defended. This reserve
would be composed of men specially enlisted
and also of men of sufficient werit, who have
served a term in the regular artillery, and are
then transferred to the reserve for a term of
years, with the privilege of re-enlistment
therein. Reserve n;en would be required to
live in the artillery district to which they be
lon« and to report at certain times each year
to their proper organization for a short tour of
duty. This would naturally be at tnc regular
target practice season when the maximum of
instruction could be given.
For this they would receive a small monthly
stipand and regular pay during the period
called out. Besides giving an opportunity of
securing the force of engineers, electricians,
etc., which will be essential, it provides a way
of securing the services of men who have had
the training of regular service. With the
short three years' period of enlistment, no
sooner has a man become a good artilleryman
than he takes his discharge, and the Govern
ment not only loses his services but must
train another in his place. Training in artil
lery matters thus goes on continuously, but
there is still no increase In >ize of the trained
force. The men on the reserve would be borne
on the army rolls and in the course ot a few
years we would have an adequate body of
trained men read? to gcrve the guns at a mo
ment's notice. This body would be homo
geneous, reliable and effective.
This plan places the coast-defense organiza
tion where it belongs, with the National Gov
ernment. It would in effect double or treble
the regular forces at a nominal cost and in war
the organization stands ready and can ba re
cruited up to any limit desired. This general
plan has the indorsement of so distinguished
a National Guardsman as General Wingate.
Any other organization than a National one
will be unsatisfactory, not in accord with the
military necessities of the case, and will give
poor returns for the time and money expended.
With the correct organization as the founda
tion the rest will follow easily and naturally.
WITH YOUR COFFEE
"Is Marcus Aurelius in?"
"No."
'Or Epictetus?"
"No."
"Well, give me something of Marie
Corelli."— Chicago Library.
Tommy— lsn't it funny, ma, how ignorant
it makes a man when he gets to be a patriot?
Ma— Why, Tommy, what gave you that
idea?
Tommy— Why, ma, didn't the lecturer say
last night that the mau who is a patriot
should know no North nor Boulh nor East nor
West "—Richmond Dispatch.
"How dreadfully stout the general is get
tins! '
"Yes; isn't it fortunate? Otherwise he
wouldn't be able to wear ail his medals! I '—
Punch.
"This sort of weather is a trifle hard on you,
isn't it?" asked Mr. Xorthside of an ice-dealer.
"I'm not complaining," replied the latter, "I
■ell coal too."— Pltuburg Chronicle-Telegraph.
The cheapest way to ret a reputation for wit
is to be elected to Congress. Everything goes
there.— Buffalo Express.
"Our loathsome contemporary," says a re
cent issue of the Plunkville Bugle, "makes a
few slurs about braying us in a mortar. We
want to tell aim right Here and now that we
are fully capable of doing our own braying—
tn double column, on the first page, if neces
sary."—lndianapolis Journal.
"Belinda, bow do you treat a stupid man
who admires you?"
"Really, I don't know; when a man admires
me I never do myself the injustice to consider
him stupid."— Chicago Record.
A PEACEMAKER.
Syracuse Post.
Bo far as it is possible for one man to be a
peacemaker, President McKinley will have
peace, not only in the Republican family, but
in all his relations with the people. He is
puisuiriß a very different nol cy from that of
some ( f his predecessors He might be called
the Great American Conciliator
THE PASSING OF THE VETERANS
£prlngaeld Republican.
Promotions are coming rapidly. these days
in the upper official circles ot " the ■ regular
r « m -«* What few veterans of the Civil War are
left find the age oi retirement close at hand in
the youngest case*. The army will soon be
w»lii ooi0 oi pe»ce, Oi ° m ™* • ****** cnl » ia **•
THE CONSULAR CORPS.
. Although many years have dapped since
th* la<e Lord Palmerston, speaking in
his capacity as Secretary of State for For
eign Affairs, informed the British • House
of Commons that Consuls were "not gen
tlemen," yet it may be questioned whether
either the official or social status of "those
most estimable and most useful function
aries has been improved to any extent
since that date. They are still treated as
the sort of illegitimate brethren of the
members of the regular diplomatic service,
are despised as such by the very youngest
of attaches, and are usually referred to as
"those — d Consuls." In some mon
archical countries their very office is suffi
cient to debar them from presentation at |
court, it being held that the acceptance of
a consulship is equivalent to a confession
by a man that he is.not hoffaebig (that is
to say, not sufficient of a gentleman to
consort with princes and nobles), while it
is rare to find a Consul dining at the table
even of his own Embassador or Envoy,
save on state occasions and as an act of
particular condescension.
It is not the consular service of any par
ticular country that I have in mind in
writing thus, but the consular corps as a
whole. It is a profession which during
the last fifty years or so has grown to such
a degree of importance to the welfare and
prosperity of the nations to which it owes
obedience that it has frequently been
argued of late that it might be of political
as well as economic advantage to abolish
the diplomatic missions and to devote the j
money thus saved to the development and
extension of the consular service. The
usefulness of Embassadors, of their secre-
I taries and of their attaches, except for
ornamental purposes, is open to discus
sion, whereas there can be none as to the
value of the Consuls, providing of course
they do their duty. 1 For Consuls are in
dispensable factors in the intercourse be
tween all countries that are in commercial
relations with one another. The great
ness, the prosperity, the power and the
welfare of nations depend not so much
upon the area of .their territory or on the
number of cruisers and soldiers as upon
the extent of their trade and industry.
By none can these be more developed
ana fosteied than by their Consuls, and it
may be pointed' out that precisely those
Embassadors have been regarded as the
most capable auu successful who, tres
passing, so to speak, upon the consular
sphere, have endeavored' to secure facili
ties and advantages for the commerce of
their native land. Thus' an Envoy who in
duces the Government to which he is ac
credited to abolish restrictions imposed
upon" the importation of the produce
of his country unquestionably render*
a more Valuable service to the latter than the
Km bass ad or who, for instance, presents elo
quently worded notes to the Sultan urging the
introduction of reforms in the internal ad
ministration of Turkey— notes which are never
acted upon and which are merely filed away
among the archives of the Sublime Porte.
When Lord Palmerston made his sweeping
assertion to the effect that Consuls were "not
gentlemen." he did not, of course, mean to im
ply that there were no gentlemen among Con
suls, for there are many men of birth and
breeding among them. But what he evidently
did mean to say was that it was not indispen
sable that a Consul should be a gentleman, as
is the case with an officer of the army and
the navy, with a member of the bar or of the
diplomatic service. Moreover, it cannot be
denied that so little care is taken in making
the appointments to the consular service that
it has become endowed, so tar as social status
is concerned, with an exceedingly bad name.
Probably the best organized and most efficient
consular service in the world at the present
moment is that of Germany. Yet even there
the nobiliary and "gentilhomme" is conspic
uous by the paucity of its numbers, the vast
majority of the members of the corps being,
unlike the diplomatic profession, of bourgeois
birth and recruited from the middle classes.
Certain of the fattest of the offices of Consul
General are held by important functionaries
and titled dignitaries of the Foreign Office at
Berlin, whom it is desired to give a spell of
service abroad for the sake of broadening their
mind 8. '.'•■ i:
But the ordinary consulships are filled by
men who bear names that are plebeian and
unknown, save in commercial circles, the few
aristocrats among the number' being ex-offi
cers of the army, who, having run through
their money to such an extent as to render
the retention of their commission impossible,
have made use of what influence they pos
sessed to secure Government employment,
and above all a livelihood abroad. Vet, no
matter how the German consular service is
composed, it Is singularly efficient, and is kept
with Its nose to the grindstone by the constant
demands that are being made upon it from
Berlin. Its officials are expected to have
their eyes open and to be on the watch for
every now opportunity of pushing German
trade. They are required to keep the mer
chants and \, manufacturers at hone fully
posted as to the changes in the economic con
dition of the country and districts in which
they are stationed, and wherever practicable
to induce local traders aud manufacturers to
open up communications with the German
markets. They advise their countrymen as to
the best way of presenting their wares, they
secure contracts for them whenever possible
and furnish them with all the points that they
can need.
In one word, they constitute themselves the
mentors, the guides and the friends of the Ger
man, trader and of the German producer
that, too, in a thoroughly disinterested man
ner, without looking for any other reward
than either promotion or. perhaps, a decora
tion from the Emperor. It is thanks to them
that German trade has developed to such an
extent that it has now become the principal
competitor of that of Great Britain all the
world over, ousting the English from many of
their best . markets. Indeed, German trade
would probably be victorious all along the
line were the quality of the produce and man
ufacture offered equal to that of the British
article or more worthy, of the exertion made
in its behalf by the hard-working, energetic
Teuton Consuls.
The English consular service presents a good
deal of analogy to that of the United States,
with this difference: that, whereas American
Consuls hold their office merely for a term of
four years and are then sent about their busi
ness just when they have had time to get ac
quainted with their duties, their English col
league retains his position until' he is retired
on a pension on the ground of ■ old age or in
firmity. •: But the method of -selection is much
the same in both instances.'- Men are pitch
forked into the service without any regard to
their fitness. • •■■ \ ?T v.
Here consulships are regarded by the Gov
ernment as a meam for the payment of petty
liabilities contracted during the course of a
Presidential campaign, whereas on yonder
side of the Atlantic ; consulship! are distrib
uted in a still more haphazard fashion. In
many instances they are conferred upon men
whose absence from home is preferred to
their presence. In former times— that is to
say, in tho days when Thackeray wrote so
cleverly of Becky Sharp and of the manner
In which she induced Lord Stoyne to get an
Australian governorship for her husband.
Colonel Rawdon Craw ley, colonial offices were
available . for this .- purpose. Bui Great
Britain's dependencies beyond the sea nave
long since tut a stop to transactions of this
kind, declining to be saddled with people who
for one reason or another .were not wanted at
home, and the consequence is that the consu.
lar service is now the, only means left of pen
sioning off claimants and dependents of both
sexes, of providing , means of ; livelihood for
stewards and often upper servants, as well as
the song of these worthies, for getting rid of
convenient messes in . perplexing . lawsuits,
and for keeping - away from home poor or
ruined relations. ; V • ' ■■••.■.
•< This does not mean that all of • her Majesty'!
Consuls are of the class indicated. There have
.been some illustrious names among them, such,
as, for. instance, those of Hay, of Richard
Burton, of Rawhnson. of Lever, of Sandwich,
etc. But what I aesire to convey is that the
appointment to consulships is conducted by
Great Britain in identically tne same happy
go-lucky way a3 in this country, without the
slightest regard to their fitness for the im
portant duties which they ought to fulfill.
Indeed, one would almost be tempted to im
agine that neither the English nor the United
States Government cared anything for the
trade and industry of their respective coun
tries. Thus, the British Foreign Office, in
stead of selecting men who have some mer
cantile knowledge for the consulships in Rus
sia, invariably selects military officers, whose
duty, in the eyes of their Government, con
sists not in promoting trade or in opening up
new markets to British manufactures bnt in
securing military information regarding the
armaments and defenses of the Muscovite
empire, and which are destined to supplement
the data supplied to the War Department in
London by the military attache of the em
bassy at St. Petersburg. Yet Russia, especially
since the commencement of the present reign,
has become a magnificent and as yet relatively
undeveloped field for foreign manufactures
and industrial enterprises of every kind.
Useles* as are Consuls of this species to the
mercantile interests of Great Britain, they
are in every respect superior 10 the class of
men that England employs for her consular
service of ihe Levant These are not even
native-born Englishmen ; and, for instance,
Alfred Blliotti, the Consul in Crete to whom
no small blame for the present condition of
affairs in the island may be ascribed, is of
Oriental parentage, was born at Makri, in
Asia Minor, and has spent his entire existence
in the East, seldom coming to England, save
on a short visit. Biliotti is in every sen«e of
the word a Levantine, and possessed of all
the detects and shortcomings of that nonde
script race. At one time every consular posi
on the line of communication between Malta
and Trebizond, extending therefrom again
through Erzeroom to Tabreez and Teheran,
was held by Levantines, most of them re
lated to one another, and who had com
menced their career as upper servants, in
terpreters and consular clerks. Thus, not
withstanding the present crisis in Crete, the
English consulate on the island does not com
prise a single native-born Englishman in the
whole personnel. As stated above, the Consul
himself is a Levantine, the'vlce-Consul is a
Spanish Jew and the remainder of the staff is
composed of a perfec mosaic of nationalities.
People such as these have neither the notions
nor the principles of an English citizen.
They look upon affairs in an ajtogether differ
ent light, and, having hosts of relatives who
owe allegiance to other Governments than
that of England, they are naturally often
influenced by personal considerations to pur
sue a line of conduct that is distinctly disad
vantageous to the political and commercial
interests of Great Britain.
Columns of the most extraordinary stories
could be written about these Levantine Consuls
of England and oi other Christian powers, the
Consul-General at Alexandria of one of the
South European Governments, for instance,
being a Syrian Hebrew usurer, who having
realized an immense fortune by loaning mom-N
--at large interest to the unfortunate Egyptian
peasantry, has now purchased a title of count
for himself at Rome. They do not even come
from the better class of merchants of the
Levant, but are recruited chietly from those ill
defined individuals, half menial, half interpre
ter, who go by the name ot dragomans. Every
European in the Orient ha-; his dragoman,
who acts as a sort of general factotum, carries
messages, manages the servants, makes the
purchases, and in fact takes all the trouble off
one's hands. Yet, of course, no one would evc»
dream of having one of these dragomans sit
down to the table with him. English diplomats
and native born Britisn Consuls have their
drngomans like the rest, and generally very
clever ones. Indeed, the dragomans reader
themselves so indispensable that their em
ployers generally end by rewarding them with
a clerkship in the consulate. In course of time
this clerkship develops into an acting vice
consulship, then into a permanent one, ami
finally it culminates in a full consulship. That
has been the career of Raphael BoTg, the Brit
ish Consul at Cairo; of Biliotti, the British
Consul in Crete, and of dozens of others of the
same stripe.
Here in the United Stales England is for the
nonce, if not efficiently, always respectably
represented as far as her consular officers are
concerned, although some of them are shaky
about tbeir aspirates, while a few years ago a
man was appoin ted to look after the commercial
interests ol Great Britain in a Southern State
mainly because, having failed in business at
home and having been refused a discharge by
the bankruptcy court, it was considered advis
able to get him out of the country. Another
consulate is held to the present day by a gallant
gentleman whose fortunes in England previous
to his appointment had lallen to so low an ebb
that he had been compelled to accept the hum
ble position of warder in a penitentiary to keep
himself and nis wife from starving. Tnat, how
ever, the English Consuls in America fulfill
their duties better than the majority of their
colleagues elsewhere is shown to a certain ex
tent by the fact that although most of the Brit
ish missions of the Old World arc now being
furnished with commercial attaches 'for the
purpose of making reports of some practical
use concerning the industry ana commerce of
the country in which they are stationed,
nothing has yet been heard about endowing
Sir Julian Pauncefote's embassy ut Washing
ton with any such official.
It has frequently been urgea in England that
the various Cnambers of Commerce should
be consulted by the Government in the selec
tion of its consular representatives, and the
same recommendation might be suggested in
the case of the United States. For it is the
manufacturers and merchants who are more
particularly interested than any others in the
choice of a capable and efficient man. By so
doing the President would place the mercan
tile community under obligations to his ad
ministration. And when such a man has been
found and appointed he ought to be permitted
to hold his office as long as he fulfills his
duties in a satisfactory manner, and be made
to feel that his removal will only come to him
in the event of neglect of duty or misconduct.
It takes some little time to learn the mere
routine of a Consul's office, and still longer to
become acquainted with the economic pecu
liarities and the industrial as well as commer
cial problems of the districts in which he is
stationed.
Some conscientious United States Consuls go
to the trouble of endeavoring to acquire this
knowledge, and have then to make way for
their successors just at the very moment
when they have at last succeeded in mastering
the details, and when they were beginning
to be really useful to the country. Others do
not think it worth while to put themselves to
so much trouble, knowing full well that as
soon as the administration to which they owe
their appointment goes out of office they will
have to vacate tneir consulship The result is
that there is no inducement and no encour
agement to do anything else but one's bare
duty in the most perfunctory manner— iv fact,
as little as one possibly can. American con
sulships indeed are looked upon by their
holders to a great extent as a mere means of
passing a few years abroad at the expense of
the Government, and in the enjoyment of
what they believe to be an official position
with social opportunities. It is only when
they reach the other side that they find
out to their dismay and disgust that the status
of a Consul is not that of an Embassador, of a
secretary of legation, or even an attache, and
that most people in the Old World are dis
posed to view a Consul much in the same
manner as Lord Palmerston, that is, ss "no
gentleman." Ex-atiache.
CONGRESSMAN LEWIS AND HIS
CLO HBS.
Washington Post.
. Mr. James Hamilton Lewis, the new member
from Washington, was out in a new spring
suit yesterday— a creation of lovely brown,
with a Prince Albert coat that reached to his
heels, with , trousers that had thb latast bell
bottoms, and with spats and other accessories
to match. Shiny, beaver and , yellow gloves
and a nobby cane completed the new mem
ber's costume. .; "
But there is to be no mistake made about
Unas Hamilton Uwia, la (be language. o(
a Western man, he would assay 95 per cent
fine. Thatmpans that Mr. Lewis is pretty near
the pure stuff. He wont out to the State of
Washington irom Georels, and began work as
a. stevedore for 75 cents a day. He studied
law at night, and within two years after he
had graduated he came to the tailed States
Supreme Court and pocketed a $10,000 fee.
He was elected to Congress hands -down, for
there is no one more popular in hi- State, and
if he dresses very much like a fashion plate,
it is because, as he himself says, he has the
right to wear the very best clothes that he
can buy. _______
PtRbONAL.
J. S. Murray of Eureka arrived here yester
day.
Senator J. B. Gallagher of Nevada is in the
City.
V. 8. McClatchey of the Sacramento Bee is in
town.
J. J. McLellan of Eureka is at the Cosmo
politan.
William N. Woods of Minto, V. Dak., is in
the City.
J. Latour and family of Seattle, Wash., are in
the City.
W. H. Cooper of Santa Barbara is here for a
brief stay.
F. W. Burnett of Los Angeles is a recent ar
rival here.
The Stanford baseball team is registered at
the Palace.
Senator R. M. Bulla of Los Angeles is a late
arrival here.
A. Zuckerman, a business man of Montana,
is in the City.
J. D. Bradley of Merced was among yester
day's arrivals here.
W. M. Blame of Firebaugh is among the late
arrivals at the Russ.
Dr. F. Walton Todd ol Stockton has come
down for a short stay.
J. M. Collier of Fresno, who has lived there
several years, is in town.
M. T. Florsheim of Chicago is among the
guests at the Cosmopolitan.
J. Monahein. a business man of Spokane, is
in the City. He is at the Russ.
Charles Kinr, a leading entile buyer and
shipper of Hanford, is at the Lick.
J. B. Brooks of San Antonio, Tex., arrived
here yesterday and is et the Lick.
11. G. Rowland, a business man of Puyallup,
Wash., is among the arrivals at the Grand.
D. Falconer, a general store owner of Cortez.
New, is on a visit here and is at the Grand.
Preston R. Davis ol Santa Rosa, Surveyor of
Sonoma County, is here on a brief business
trip.
Among the arrivals at the Occidental are W
S. R. Co well, Mrs. Co well and Mies Beaver, of
Victoria, B.C.
C. Bates, Mrs. Bates and Miss Mary J. Lock
hart, of Worcester, Mass., who have b«en at
different places on the coast on a tour of pleas
ure, are at the Russ.
R. P. Lathrop.vice-president of the Grangers'
Bank, Hanford, and engaged in other enter
prises, is at the Grand. He is a delegate to the
California State Bankers' Association, which
meets at Los Angeles, and is on his way there.
Alexander Begg of Victoria, B. C. for many
years with the Hudson Bay Fur Company at
some of its most remote Canadian posts, and
connected with a number of newspaper enter
prises, is at the Occidental. Mr. Begg was one
ot the founders and owners of the Seattle Daily
Telegraph and Is now proprietor of the British
Columbia Mining News of Victoria. He is here
for a change of scene and a little rest, and will
probably remain two weeks or thereabout.
LALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. V., April 17.— At the Plaza—
J. r,. Sampson, A. Wiibur, D. E. Sier; Inpc
rial—T. Derby; Belvidere— E. Livingston:
Morton— J. H. Simpson; Astor— M. E. Gates,
Mrs. P. Sawyer. John W. Ferris, Miss Mary-
Ferris and Miss 11. Ferris leit the Plaza and
sailed on the Werra for Genoa. Leon Ber
queras sailed for Europe. Mm Ludders ar
r.ved from Bremen on the Spree.
I. H. Black, painter, ISO Eddy stress
Cal glace fruit sOc per lb., at Townsend'a. •
. • — «> — •
frr.ri at. information daily to manufAotuasra.
business houses and public men by the Preu
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
• — ♦ — •
A Lady sufferint; from severe nervousness
ate a quantity of California glace fruit and it
coniplKtely cured her. Try them. Townsend'a,
Palace Hotel building. •
— ■• — ♦— -•
At a meeting in Philadelphia recently Misa
Cumminfcs of South Africa spoke of the schools
founded by Andrew Murray for the Boers and
for tbe descendants of the Huguenots, in
which there are 800 pupils. One hundred
hare gone out as lnissionortes.
Faster Time on the Santa. Fa Route.
Three and One-half I><ys to
Chicago or St Louis— Four
and One-half Dan to
New York.
J .paving Pan Francisco Mondays and Thursdays,
at 6 P. M., connection is made at Barsto-.v with the
famous Santa Fe limited train. Dining-car, buffet
smoking-car, vestibuled Pullman, palace drawing
room, sleepers. The handsomest train on earth
equipment and appointments faultless. Daily
through sleeping-cars, boh palace and tourist,
Oakland pier to Chicago. Tickets also sold via
Ogden. Portland, Mojave. Los Angeles, Deming or
El Paso, to all points in tbe United (States, Canada,
Mexico or Kurope. Ticket office 614 Market,
street. Chronicle Sotiding. Telephono Main 1631.
Railroad licketa to the East via Rio
Grande Western and Denver and
KIo Urande Railway*,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pullman
buffet and tourist sleeping car service ever? day.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday. Only j line permitting
stop-over at Salt Lake City on n'.l classes of tickets
Detailed Information and tickets furnished at 11
Montgomery street, or 814 California sue*:. ;
: ' « » »
' As everybody I* liable to derangements of the
stomach aDd bowels, the need of dyer's PlUa Is
universal. They are the bost cathartic.
-•— — > ' * » ■. — -' - • ■ ' •
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Druggis:s sell it at 25 cents. 1
• • • 1 —
The Illustrated American t*»lls of the unfor
tunate experience of Mr?. Bancroft, the wife
of the historian, when attending an afternoon
musicale in London. On the way she was at
tracted by a display of shawls in a Regent
street window, and stopping the cab went
Into the shop and bought one, throwing it
over her shoulders to wear to the social gath
ering. The astonished guests at the musicale
were edified by the light of Mrs. Bancroft
floating through the drawing-rooms with a
placard on her back bearing the words "Very
Cheap." "-; ; V . .
NEW tb-DAT.
OUR
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Full of QUALITY.
Operating ioo stores.
That is why our
stronghold is
QUALITY.
Great American Tea Col
V MONEY SAVING STORES:
140 Sixth st. , 325 Hayes «. :
965 Market St. , - ; 218 Third st. ... ■ ;.
146 Ninth st. 2008 Fillmore st. • -,
617 Kearny st. 3005 Sixteenth st.
1419 Polk st. 2510 Mission st.
1344 Market st. . 621 M ont stonier y a v«.
3285 Mission st. - ■ ■ \
OAKLAND. Jlil^iiP
1053 Washington st. 1510 Saventh st. -
917 Broadway, 616 E. Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo ave.
' ALAMeDA— I3SS Park st. • ■
Jtefldflpaflgrg, 52. Market SW&.r.
■■■■ -T-- " ' :BOOKS AND BOOKMAKERS
GERTRUDE ATHERTON'S BOOK.
PATIENCE SPARHAWK AND HER TIMES.
. By (iertruele Aiherton. New Yore: John Lane,
..' ■ Hi" Bodley Head. For sale in this Ctty by Wil
/.- lUm Doxey lalace Hotel. Pr.ce $150.
."""■ If a text were required upon which to bare a
'■ review of Mr.'. Gertrude Atherton's latest work.
••Patience tparbawk and Her Times," it might
be found in the opening chapter of the Second
' Book of Samuel: "How »re the mighty fallen."
Three times is this sentence repeated in the
Scriptures in as many verses, as if to give
- emphasis to the sentiment, and in like manner
'• might it here be thrice repeated as a Califor
• nian expression of disapproval at the turn
which its native' daughter's genius has most
unexpectedly taken.
Lei it be said, in beginning, that all resi
\ dents of this State possess the highest sense
of admiration for the work done by Mrs. Ath
erton in her earlier efforts. A bit of fiction to
equal "The l'earls ol Loreto" has never been
written. It was an ideal of what a short
story should be. Its dramatic quality made
manifest in every line, its brilliant and accu
rate local coloring, its admirably sustained in
terest from the first page to tne last, its well
circumstanced situations, all combined to ex
cite the enthusiasm of lovers of good litera
ture. Can a more thrilling situation be
conceived than that described in "The Pearls
of Loreto" where De la Vega, for love of a
pretty face, enters the sanctuary to rob its
shrine of a priceless string of pearls and is
discovered in the act by its priestly guardian?
We can almost hear the hoarse cry as uttered
by the violator of his faith, can see the
con-lei head, with thin lips drawn over yellow
teetb, furious eye* burning deep in withered sock
et*, projected on its long neck from the Virgin's ,
right, and confronted him.
•'Thief !" hissed the priest. "Dog! Thou would st
rob the church? Accursed '. accursed '."
There was cot one moment, for hesitation, one
nliernatlve. Before the priest could complete
bis maledictions De la Vega's k' He had flashed
through the lire of the cross. The priest leaped
from his feet, then rolled over and down, and re
bounded from the railing of the sanctuary.
And immediately following there is the
scene where Yeabel, the star of Monterey,
having been informed of her lover's sacrifice
of Ms soul to gratify her whim, re
nounces her faith in like manner. That
night she entrances the Monterenos by her
dancing of El Son, appareled gorgeously
and displaying her ill-gotten jewels. In the
whirl of the feast enters a friar, who announces
the assassination of his superior. De la Vega
and Y.-ab»l stand accused. The assembled
: caballeros have their hands upon their swords,
but are restrained by General Castro, who
urges the laws of hospitality.
••Never mind:" cried the friar, "l'ou cannot
protect him from that. Listen!"
' (' Had the bay risen about the custom-home?
I "What is that?" demanded Castro tharply.
"The poor of Monterey, /"hose, who love their
c-rtus better than ih) aristocrats love their caste.
: .They know"' *" rr -'-' •• ■-r\--y, ■
./.be la Veca caught Tsabel In his arm* and
dashed across the room and corrld or. His knife
cut a long rift in the canvas, and in a moment
■they stood upon the rocks. The shrieking crowd
Wore on the other side of the custom-house.
•' "'-Marcos 1 " h ■ called to his boatman.
!'"'.. No. answer came but the waves tugging at the
. rock's not two feet below them, lie could Bee
■nothing. The fag was thick as night.
■ -..•"He Is not here, Ysabel. We must swim. Any
■" thing but to be torn to pieces by these wildcats.
Art thou afraid?"
"No" she said.
'-'-. He folded her closely with one arm and felt with
■his foot for the edge of th* rocks. A wild roar
came from behind. A Cozen pistol shots were
tired Into the air. De la Vesa reeled suddenly.
'•I am shot. Ysabel," be said, h s Knees bending.
"Not in this world, my love!"
. She wound her arms about him, and dragging
him to the brow of the rocks hurled herself out
ward, carrying him with her. The waves toised
them on high, flung them against the roc<s and
ground them there, playin? with them like a lion I
With' its victim, then burled them.
Then in the Dooms woman we recognized a
master-hand in the art of descriptive writing,
good specimens of which are to be found in
many of Its chapters. Oh, the pity of it that
so talented and versatile a writer should Lave
fallen victim to the prevailing cry for sensa
tionalism—a cry emanating from the gutter
and fostered in newspapers of the new-jour
nalistic kind. To appreciate the depth of the
fall it is necessary to consider Mrs. Atherton's
talent as manifested in her first books in Us
relation to American literature.
"In her short stories she has shown that she is
thoroughly posted regarding early Calilornian
traditions, legends and superstitions. She has
written of these in a manner most attractive.
• She has described to us old Monterey, with its
missions, its wonderful cypresses, its bay and
its adobe houses. Around these and up->n this
stage she has assembled figures, puppets in her
hands, yet full of that breath of Hie so essen
tial to a well-written narrative. She has had
/at her beck all the elements which go to make
i. California absolutely the most fertile field for
\ novelist: Till she broke the ground, and I
even till to-day, there has no novelist arisen
capable of properly treating so vast a subject.
Many of the initiated even promised that it
•would be Gertrude Atherton who would write
the Great American Novel which has not yet
(ten the light of day.
And in reference to this last proposition,
viewing tho ground upon which she had
to work and her adaptability for its culti
vation, Californiaus might think so, too.
The land of the Doha and the Caballero,
of the Vallejos, the Castros, the Alvarados
and the Arguellos would surely appear to
possess as many possibilities as Kufus
Choate's New England to produce the Great
American Novel or series of novels. In
view of these facts, undoubted and undis
puted, what has Mrs. Atherton done of a re
markable character since tho publication of
her 6hort stories? Nothing, except &ell her
birthright— the 'field of California romantic
fiction— for the mess of pottage offered Iby the
devotee of the erotic novel and of sensational
journalism. As a result, we are given "Pc
tience Sparhawk and Her Times," clever in
its way, caustic, epigrammatic, superficially
attractive, and treating of that type of New
York woman described as "a marble statue
with a snub nosj," who is "frisky" and
"larky," and who. in default of a more sub
stantial wager, "bets her hopes of a tiara."
How are the mighty fallen!
Mrs. Atherton dedicates her book to Paul
BourEPt, "who alone of all foreigners has de
tected in its full significance that the motive
power, the cohering force, the ultimate reli
gion of that strange composite known as 'The
American,' is Individual Will." If, however,
Mrs. Atherton. intends to translate '.'lndivid
ual Will" Into "intense self-reliance", she fs
Vuost emphatically wrong in thus singling
out Sourget as the ; only : man who has
i»oted this characteristic of the people of
these United Stales. Hence why should poor
*'»oureet be thus distinguished? Nevertheless,
•Vatience Sparhawk" - begins well. Once
agsalnwe are transported to the cypress groves
ol Monterey. We ore made to inhale the odor !
of the pines, to hear the roar of the surf. : But
there the resemblance to Gertrude Atherton's
earlier stories stops. ..;.'.
No more do gayly,' attired caballeros wait
upon handsome women in lace mantillas,
£o more are pictured the gorgeously attired
and suave-mannered vnqnero, the prosperous
ranchero, the hospitable donaud his wife. Ger
trude Atherton has abandoned the time when
"the golden skeleton within the sleeping body
of California had not been laid bare," and in
lieu thereof has taken up the life of a curious
j anomaly in the shape of a 15-year-old girl.
' who reads Gibbon, Macaulay. Boccaccio and
Byron and spenks like a diminutive edition of
a Missouri backwoodsman.
As a specimen of character portrayal Pa
tience Sparhawk is n failure because of her in
stability and unreality. We cannot imagine
this child of nature reared by a drunken
mother amid the pastoral surroundings of
modern Monterey, associating daily with
girls of her own age in the local high school,
seeing nothing of the life in a great city, be
traying knowledge of good and evil whtch
could be expected only in an ancient dow
ager. Patience, as exhibited to us by her
chronicler, is a young lady of few likes and
most pronounced antipathies. Thus, when
she is informed by her schoolmates that her
mother has been seen under the influence of
liquor and that "she regularly turned the
town upside down," th!s affectionate young
Californlan, with a spirit possibly incarnated
by the Castros and Alvarados of a former gen
eration, goes home to her parent and thus
gives her views:
"I hate you! I hate youl It doesn't do any
good to tell you so, but it does me good to say
it."
Verily, a case of Elemental Hate, a young
Cain!
A Mr. Foord, who has taken much interest
in Patience, is desirous of sending her to a
sister of his, resident near New York. The
mother, however, raises the objection tnatshe
is under age. The objection is overruled by a
Drovidential fire, which consumes the lady
while she is in v state of inebriation, and Pa
tience goes Enst. This incident ends Book
I of "Patience Sparhawk and Her Times," and
with it all that portion of the story relating
to California.
The nove 1 under review is a long one— by far
the longest ever written by Mrs. Atherton. In
| so far as it relates to California, its scenery, its
women ana its characters, the work cannot be
called a success. All who know and love Mon
i terey, that most picturesque portion of our
i State, will note the anachronisms in the
book, the inaccuracies of her description
of Carmel Valley and Bay. Far better
would it have been for Mrs. Atherton's repu
tation as a writer had she amplified one of her
shorter tales into a goodly sized novel, bring
ing to bear upon it all the wealth of her re
search, her power of description and her
knowledge of the early history of California.
But she has neglected the opportunity. In ihe
latter chapters of "Patience Sparhawk and
Her Times" we are introduced to the mysteries
of the boudoir of the New York society woman.
Her most Intimate thoughts and lingerie are ',
shown to the light of day in a manner crude
and unrefined. Her intrigues and scandals,
her vanities and her vices are held up to re
proach in a way suggestive of nothing higher
than 20 cents per inch in newspapers of the
N. J. So has California lost her first novelist
and most promising romantic historian, and in
this wise have her romance and her history
been forsaken for the base and the erotic.
How are the mighty fallen !
Emanvel Elzas.
BRET HARTE.
No one who knows Mr. Harte, and knew the
California of his day, wonders that he left it
as he did, says Charles Warren Stoddard in a
recent issue of the Atlantic Monthly. Eastern
editors were crying for his work. Cities vied
with one another in the offer of tempting bait.
When he turned his back on San Francisco
ar.d started for Boston, he began c. tour that
the greatest author of any age might
have been proud of. It was a veritable ova
tion that swelled from sea to sea ; the classic
sheep was sacrificed all along the route. I
have often thought that if Bret Hartc had met
with a latal accident during that transconti
nental Journey the world would have declared
with one voice that the greatest genius of his
time was lost to it. His experience In New
England weighs little in the balance
with his experience in California; bis
experience abroad even less. It was
California, and early California — let
me say picturesque California — that first
appealed to him, and through him to all the
civilized nations in their several tongues. Ol
American authors Brot Harte and Mark Twain
have traveled farthest and are likely to tarry
longest. Whom would you substitute for
these? Whom could you? In print each is as
American as America, though the former has
not been with us for a score of years and msy
never a_-» in revisit his native land. When he
left California in 1871 he left it betimes; he took
with him about all that was worth taking,
and the California he once knew, and surely
must have loved, lives forever in his pages.
It no longer exists in fact; but for him, in an
other generation it wouid nave been for?ot
ten. Because he has penetration such as few
possess, and exceptional fancy, imagination
i and literary art, he has been thought untrue
! to nature; those wnom he has pictured would
have no difficulty in recogni^ng themselves
could they but see the types he has made his
own. It has been said, too, that he repeats
himself. He does; so does spring and so does
summer — each is but another spring, an
other bummer; but they are never twice
alike, nor would we have them other
than they ere. Any one can vouch
for Bret Harte's truth to nature
who knew San Francisco in the fifties, and is
familiar with his civic and character sketches ;
what is true of one page is true of all. It is
the point of view in every ca^e ttUU deter
j mines to whom the page or tie picture shall
I appeal, and whether farorably or unfavorably.
The comprehensive edition of his works, pre
i pared while he is yet alive and active, attests
the worid-wlde interest in his work and fore
shadows its permanence. — From Current
Literature.
A PRIZE STORY.
•THE INCENDIARY." By W. F. i,eahy. Chi
cago and Mew York : Rand, McNally & Co.
Out o! 81G competitors this story was
awarded the fourth prize in the Chicago
Record's "$30,000 to authors' competition."
The reader is given ample opportuuity to find
out if he has any latent powers about him that
might by exercise develop him into a de
tective. There are mnny clews suggested as
to the orlpin of a mysteriously started fire
which resulted In great loss of property and
of life, which the reader can try to unravel,
weighing all the evidence pro and con, till he
forms a theory of who the incendiary was. its
merit as a story of mystery has been certified
by competent literary judgment in the receipt
of the price over the efforts of many other
authors. Aside from the interest in the
mystery there is an attractive character in
the person of McCausland, the detective, who
hail nothing in nil exterior that suggested the
sleuth— he was a rollicking comjmnlon, suave
of voice and genial of manner; but "in the
pursuit of crime he was a believer in total ae
pravity, or rather, to Lc just, he knew the po
tential evil which is harbored in every human
heart."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
Gertrude Franklin Atherton, whose latest work is noticed on this page, was born in San Francisco. She attended
Clark's Institute, and, after graduation, a school in Lexington, Ky. Her first story, "Randolph of the Redwoods," was
published anonymously in the Argonaut, and its satire caused much stir among members of the local "400.'' Mrs. Ather
ton's first novel caught the public eye, and sharpened the axes of the critics. — From a photograph by Thors.
SEEKING AN IDEAL.
'THE WELL-BELOVKD"— Ry Tbornan Hardy.
New York: Harper <fc Brothers. For sale by A.
M-, Robertson, Post streel. City. Price $1 W.
This sketch oi a temperament is cleverly
done, and throws a poetic glamour over a char
acter frequently met in a more or less devel
oped form. Such a one seems merely fickle to
the ordinary observer, and too trifling to be
worthy of much thought. Tne genius of
Thomas Hardy has, however, placed the
character mentioned in quite a new and more
favorable light. He makes us sec in the man
whose love wanders with such wonderful fa
cility from woman to woman an artistic soul,
simply obeying the imperative behest of his
peculiar organization to engage in pursuit of
an impossible ideal. His futile seccing is a
strange mixture of pleasure and pain to this
lover, and he is no more to be blamed for his
obedience to the subtle suggestions given to
him from the spiritual laws of his being than
would a man for possessing brown eyes or
blue, and his seeming inconstancy is shown to
be in such a nature the most consistent con
stancy.
It is a puzzle to guess how far the author of
"Life's Little Ironies" meant to be ironic in
tbis narrative of a fculptor who pursued with
such eager desire the intangible spirit of his
weli-be loved as it mysteriously flitted from
the person of one fair woman to another. It
seems to be a subject to which he devoted his
talents half in suppressed laughter and half in
a mood of the most serious and subtle analysis
of character.
The artistic Inconstant herein portrayed,
who seems in some ways entirely too day
dresmy for tha uses of this world, would be
called a fantast by some, says Thomas Hardy.
Others will see him oalv as one who gave ob
jective continuity and a name to a delicate
dream which in a vaguer form is more or less
common to all men, and is by no means new to
the Platonic philosophers.
The sculptor escaped a good deal of self
reproach by making it clear to his mind that
he faithfully loved the "masquerading crea
ture wherever he found her, whether with
blue eyes, black eyes or brown. Il was simply
that she who always attracted him and lead
him whither she would as by a silken thread
had not remained the occupant of the tame
fleshly tabernacle in her career."
STORIES OF MEXICO.
"OPALS FROM A MEXICAN MINE"— By
<«eorge de V» Here. New York: New Amster
dam Book Company. For sale by A. -M. Robert
son, Post street, City. Price $1 23.
A collection of fanciful stories with the
scene laid in Mexico, written In the prose
poetic manner. Here is a brief sample of the
author's style: '-But now tb.B way that lay
from the star grew brighter, and adown it
came two figures, a woman and a child. The
woman's brown hair fell about her like a veil,
framing a pallid face : whereon ? was writ In
finite sadness, and the suffering thai is not to
end through alt the roil of the centuries, not
even when the earth splits asunder and falls
screaming through space."
SEMI-SERMONS.
CHIrfTIAN CITIZENSHIF-By Carlos Martyn.
New York: Funk. A W agnails Company. Price
76 cents.
The writer of this little manual is a minister
who some years ago preached a series of ser
mons with "Christian Citizenship" for the
iriiform text Out of this work sprang the
idea that a book on similar lines would be use
ful. It treats of what the French call ♦'burn
ing questions and remedial agencies."
MRS. GERTRUDE ATHERTON.
A REINCARNATION ROMANCE.
ZISKA — By Marie Cor»lll. New York; Stone *
Kimball. For sale In liin City by A. M. Robert
son, t'os: street. I'r.i •• f 1 50.
The "Problem of a Wicked Soul" is the sub
title of tbis book, in which the author of "The
| Sorrows of Satan" and "The Romance of Two
j Worlds" follows her bent for writing some
what flightily of the mysterious. This might
have been expected from previous experience
of her productions. The story is based on the
theory held by theosophists and Buddhists
that the soul is successively recloihed in the
flesh of many different bodies in the long
course of its development Most westerns can
not think thus, but it cannot t»- stid that such
a theory of retribution and spiritual training
is unacceptable to Aryan minds, for we have
many thought'ul and studious people among
us to whom Karma and rein -arnniion is a
creed as firmly held as by the great scholars oi
the East.
Most people would rather read a story more
concrete and credible than this wild flight of
CorMli's imagination, but tastes differ, and
this writerof mysteries has already abundant y
proved that her style is popular, and she is
making no reckless experiment in a commer
cial sense, no matter how much she may ot
fend the canons of sober literary taste. Some
of her flights of attempted eloquence are as
giddily heady as if a feverish brain were the
motor of the pen.
Ziska Is a Russian princess of such over
whelmingly magnetic beauty that even a
Corelli requires ample space to picture her.
She is a reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian
and is met in Cairo by Gervase, a famous
French artist and an atheist, who is a reincar
nation of an ancient Egyptian warrior and
conqueror, Araxes. His desire for possession
of Ziski, passionate and unholy, and its fear
ful spiritual punishment is the motif of the
story, and the reasouing by which we are ex
pected to accept its extravagant improbabil
ity can be summed up most tersely in that
often quoted sentence of Hamlet's, "There are
more things in heaven and earth, Horatio,
than ure dreamt of in your philosophy."
Inasmuch as reincarnation is an interesting
subject of speculation as to the past and future
of our souls, the general design of the story
may be said to be good, but the overwrought
eloquence of its execution culls for same con
demnatory criticism. More sobriety of ex
pression would have given more beauty, and
the bathing of the talented author's temples
in cold water would have made her spirit
calmer to interpret suggestions from Pallas.
Very many sentences in the book sound like
delirious ravings.
Marie Corelli has in "Ziska" invented a
phrase to define the persistent wickedness of
some humans, which deserves to be perpetu
ated. She puts it into the mouth of a very
righteous and very learned doctor of philoso
phy, and it possesses the ring of scientific ac
curacy. It chimes with the theory of endless
spiritual evolution through countless rein
carnations, and she calls it '■Torpidity of the
psychic germ."
EXTINCT CIVILIZATIONS.
THB HTOKV OF EXTINCT CIVILIZATIONS
OP ThK KASI—Bv Robert E. Aiucrsou. New
York: D. A ppleion <fc to. For *al<» by William
Doxey, Palace Hotel, City. Trice 40 cents.
The «izo of this volume is not sufficient to
alarm the indolent, and its brief contents are
both interesting and instructive. Much in
the book Is comparatively new data obtained
by means of deciphering the ancient hiero
glyphics and cuneiiorm inscriptions and other
recent antiquarian exploration!.
FROM THE FRENCH.
MME. CHRYSANTHKXtR-By Pierre Lot.
London and New York. George Rout etU'e &
Sons. For sale in this City by A. M. Robertson,
Pose street. Price 91 25. -
Artistic in a very quaint , and dainty way is
this reprint of a work by the popular French
author. The multitude of design* by Rossi
and Meyerbach are so exquisite as to make
the book worth having were there naught else
in it to add to its charm. An idea of the style
of the book can be quickly grasped from these
words in Loti's dedication of it to La Duchesse
de Richelieu: "Kindly welcome it in the
same spirit that yon would receive some quaint
bit of pottery, some grotesquely carved ivory
idol, or some preposterous trifle brought back
for you from this singular fatherland of all
preposterousness."
The dedication represents the author as
telling an incident out of . his own life. He
spent a summer in Japan, and for amusement
married a Japanese girl for the season only.
It was a legal . union in the Mikado's realm.
Here such an arrangement would ' be : consid
ered vile, for it could bi dissolved at pleasure,
and the girl was bought for $13 per month.
The tale is told with such an air of the affair
being a harmless holiday frolic as is almost too
French for our standards of the correct way to
narrate an immorality. But to French taste
it seems that to be artistic is sufficient to
silence puritanic criticism; and here our con
vention seems to allow a translation from the t
French a wider latitude (provided the author
has been duly crowned as one of the exception
ally clever) than is granted to our own writers.
All the facts of this playing at marriage with
tiny Mme. Chrysanthemum for the summer
could be told by an American , author, but
never with so assured an innocence of man
ner. But in keeping with most Japanese
things it is too quaintly absurd to be taken
seriously. ___•«
CONTAINS BITS OF BROGUE.
LADY KIRKPaTRK'K— Ky Robert Buchanan.
Chicago and New York: Band. Me N ally <fe Co.
Paper.
A simple story of a fine young Irish boy and
his struggle against the ills that resulted from
the bur sinister of his birth. He is in love
with an Irish girl named Dulcie, who is as
sweet as her name. His father was a patri
cian and his mother a peasant. The father
repented late of the wrong he had done to
Moywa, the mother, and wished to make
amends to the illegitimate son, but the law of
the land forbade the passing of the estates to
one born out of wedlock. The happy denoue
ment is the aiscovery of Moywa, who was sup
posed to be dead, and the old lord marries her
in order to legitimate his son. Then said this
Irish lover to his love: "Ye loved me, Dulcie,
when I was the poor squireen. Ye won't love
me the less now that I'm to be the Lord Kil
patrick?" "Not less," said Dulcie, "nor more.
Sure," she added, with the most musical of
brogues, " 'twould be impossible."
CONTRASTED CHARACTERS.
KOHKLETH— By Lewis Austin Storra. G. W.
Dlllineham Company, New York. Prle« SI 60.
For .sale by William Dox< y, Palace Hotel, San
Francisco.
The seaport town of Newiondon, Conn., is
the scene of the story of ''Koheleth." The
two xnnin characters are so portrayed as to
show the striking contrast of a bold, self-confi
dent man and a shrinking, diffident, doubt
ing and introspective one. There are some
minor fctories embodied in the book more or
less independent of the main tale. The style
. is rather orerfluenW
HERE AND THERE.
Mr. Clark Russell continues to turn oat ex
citing novels with praiseworthy energy and
diligence. His latest, "The Last Entry," will
be published by Chatto & Windus, London, in
May.
One of the two romances left by the late I
William Morris will be published very shortly
by the Kelmscott Press. It is entitled "The
Water of the Wondrous Isles," while the other,
"The Sundering of the Flood," is in prepara
tion.
Robert Barrett Browning is establishing a
school at Asolo, Italy, for the benefit of girls
employed in the silkraills theie. The memory
of Robert Browning will thus be linked more
Closely than ever to the place.
Henry Labouchere, M.P.. the proprietor of
Truth, has tpunt £-10,000 in successfully de
fending vexatious actions for libel brought
against him. He is entitled to the thanks of
the EncrUsh-spcaking world lor having exposed
so many abuses.
Before Rider Haggard took to novel- writing
he kept a larm with a Mr. Cnchraue in Natal.
The or.ginal of bis Jess is Eaid to be a lady of
Pretoria, whose husband, once a wealthy man,
ran through his money and lived on the earn
ings of his wile, she having taken a position in
a South African opera company.
Mrs. Sala is about to edit the much-talked-ol
Commonplace Book of her husband, the "G.
A. H." of the Telegraph. When the work is
published the original volumes arc to be pre
sented to the British Museum. George Augus
tus Sala was In the habit of entering any news
he wished to preserve in this book.
Edwin A. Abbey, the American artist, *ays
that just before Dv Maurier wrote "Trilby" he
had fallen into disfavor in the Punch office,
and his drawings had actually been omitted
from Punch's Almanac. This depressed him
greatly, as his eyesight was failing him. The
enonnoui success of "Trilby" changed every
thing. #
On the Index Expurgatorius, as far as Rus
sia is concerned, iiai been slated Leroy Beau
lievi's "Empire of the Tsars and the Russians."
Nothing daunted, the Messrs. (i. P. Putnam's
Sons publish Leroy Beaulieu's notable work,
and Mac. Ragozin has supplemented It with
new and important notes, and so the iufonna
tion is up to date.
Mr. Barrie, since his return from America,
has not been doln? much literary work. He
has been engaged in the dramatization of
"The Little Minister," with which he has
made good progress. He did not at first in
tend to do the work himself, but has now
taken it in hand, and it may be expected
without very long delay.
Fifty thousand copies of Marie Corelli's
'Ziska" have been sold. Mr. Arrowsmitn, her
English publisher, bought the novel outright
for £1000 ($5000). The book sells for 6 shil
lings (#1 50), and the cost of its production is
about -4 cents per copy. Of course there is a
discount to the trade, but there must be a
profit to Mr. Arrowsmith of at least $40,000.
Voltaire's "LaPucelle." translated intoEng-
I lish verse by Austin Dobson, J. W. Bouton
I will have ready some time in May. There
have been several so-called translations of "La
Pucelle d'Orleans" in English before this one
ot Austin Dobson's, but they have been poor
and worthless. For pood or for bad, the Phil
osoDher of Forney wrote about Jeanne d'Arc,
and in France the heroism of the girl has
always been belittled.
It is said by friends of Rndyard Kipling in
Vermont that he has been hired by the Lon
don Times to go to Crete as a war correspond
ent, and Miss Hnldah t'ettigrew-Warren-Fos
ter, an ardent admirer of the writer, makes
' the following remark about the bargain:
■Five thousand dollars a month will lead Kip
ling to hope that the Cretan difficulty may be
indefinitely prolonged." Which is considered
very tloodthirsty for a feminine literary
person.
"A. Swindle" Is the name that appears over
the office door of a struggling lawyer in the
city o! Stratford, OnL A friend of the unfor
tunate gentleman suggested the advisability
of his writing out his first name in lull, think
j ing that Arthur or Andrew Swindle, as the
I case might be, would sound better and look
better than the significant "A. Swindle."
When the lawyer, with tears in his eyes, whis
pered that his name was Adam, the friend
understood and was silent. — Wisconsin Blade.
In a recent letter William E. Gladstone snys:
"I have been a purchaser in mv time of about
35.000 books A book collector ought to pos
sess six qualification's — an appetite, leisure,
wealth, knowledge, discrimination and per
severance. Of these I have only the first two
| and the last is restricted as my visual power
I seriously disables me. Speaking generally, I
) have retired from the list of purchasers and I
! Hin gradually transferring the bulk of my
library to an insti ution, tt. Denlol's, Hawar
den. The book longest in my possession is
'Sacred Bmmas,' presented to me by the
authoress, Hannah More, inscribed; 'As you
have just come into the world and I am just
going out of it, allow me,' etc"
The Lark, or, as Mr. Burgess was pleased to
call it, "The Bird," is to suspend publication
with the April issue.
The poor Lark ! did she soar too high or did
she ting todeaf ears?
I remember a certain little book stall which
I used to visit daily for my papers. Upon a
crude shelf the enterprising proprietor deftly
rearranged each morning his stock. In the
midst of this collec ion of dimo novel litera
ture, Police Gazettes, Fireside Companions.etc.,
was one soli.ary copy of the Lark. For
months it lay there, growing each day dingier,
until one day I m's^ed it and the shopkeeper
told me he had soid it to a young girl who had
afterward tr'ed to return it because, as she
explained, "the poetry didn't rhyme and whea
the leaves were cut lots of the pages were
blank."— From the Clack Book.
Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes once made an
address in bis native town to a medical asso
ciation. The president of the association was
i the son of a man who had been the drug? is;
{ of the village v.-hen Dr. Holmes had studied
j medicine there. "It is good to look at this
young man," said the genial autocrat, "and
traoe his father's liniments in his face." On
another occasion, at a country charitable fair.
Dr. Holmes was entreated to furnish a letter
for the postoffice. He took a sheet of paper,
and between its folds placed asl bank note;
turning to the first page he wrote the follow
ing:
Dear lady, whosoe'er thou art,
Turn this poor page with trembling care;
But hush, oh hush thy beating heart,
The one thou lovest will be there!
The page turned disclosed the attractive
greenback. Oa the third page, opposite the
banknote:
Fair lady, lift thine eyes and tall
If this is not a truihtul letter;
This is the one tnou lovest well.
And naught (0) would make tbee love it
better.
LITERARY NOTES.
The life of Alfred, Lord Tennyson, by his sob
the present holder oi the title, will be one of
he chief books of the autumn. It will be pub
lished by Macmillan in two volumes.
Anna Katharine Green's "That Affair Next
Door" having been a great success, its pub
lishers, Messrs. Putnam's Sons, have ready a
new story by the same author, "Tho Bronta
Head."
Besides his novel. "When the Century Was
New," the J. B. Lippincott Company has in
preparation a volume of outdoor essays by l)r.
C. C. Abbott, with photogravure illustrations
of some of the author's Javorite localities.
Leslie's Weekly gives this week, in addition
to its exclusive European matter, fully illus
trated descriptions of the New York Aqua
rium, Mi Careme theatricals, society ladies of
San Francisco, with other timely topics, and a
number of portraits of interesting "Peopie
Talked About."
A welcome will be accorded to the volume ot
Sir Lewis Morris' poems, which Kegan Paul <Sc
Co. of London will publish this month. It will
consist of a representative selection of poems
chosen by the poet himself. Austin Dobson Is
also forming a collection of his poems lor pub
lication in the autumn.
The first number of the Expositor, a etho
loglcal magazine, of which, the publishers are
Dodd, Mead & Co., has just made its appear
ance. The editors of the Expositor are the
Rev. W. Robertson Nicoll and the Rev. Charlea
Cntnbert Hall. The articles are by the most
distinguished ecclesiastical writers in England
and the United States.
A charming addition to the Canterbury
Poets has just been made by Walter Scott In
the shap> of three new Browning volumes.
The first contains "Plppa Pusses" and other
poetic dramas; the second, "A Blot on tho
'Scutcheon" and other dramas, and the third,
"Dramatic Romances and Lyrics" and "Sar
dello."
Thos. Y. Crowell & Co. have completed
arrangements for the publication in the United
suites and Canada of Dean Farrar's new book,
"Men I Have Known." The volume will be
made up of the Dean's reminiscences of Rob
ert Browning, Tennyson, Arnold, Stanley, Dar
win, Tyndall, Lowell, Whittier, Holmes and
many other famous men cf England and
America. It will be illustrated with portraits
and fac-simiie letters.
The Continental Publishing Company of
New York announces "Tales of the Sun-Land,"
a new volume of Indian stories^ by Verner Z.
Reed, the author o£ 'Lo-To-Kah," with illus
trations by L. Maynard Dixon. The same
house announces a metrical ttanlation by L.
C. Van Noppen of "Lucifer," the masterpiece
of the great Dutch poet Vondel, whose influ
ence on his contemporary Milton is still one
of the problems of the history of letters.
The advance orders for Beatrice Harraden's
"Hilda Stratford" in America have kept pace
with the demand thai is reported to have been
felt lor it in England. The English pub.ish
ers are printing their eighth edition, and
Dodd, Mead & Co., the American publishers,
have felt a correspondingly large demand f or
it in America. The advance orders for "The
Great K. & A. Train Robbery," Paul Leicester
Ford's novel of adventure to be published by
Dodd, Mead & Co. next week, have also been
very heavy,
"General Grant" is the title of a volume in
the Great Commanders Series, which will bo
publisned shortly by D. ApDleton & Co. The
author, General James Graut Wilson, has had
exceptional opportunities for a knowledge of
General Grant's military career. An acquaint
ance begun at Cairo in the summer of 18G1
w.is continued for almost a quarter of a cen
tury. In addition to this, General Wilson has
had the advantage of consulting a war diary
containing maty interesting conversations
and incidents of his service under General
Grant in the Vicksburg campaign and in too
West.
Charles Scrlbner's Sons announce in their
"Women of Colonial and Revolutionary
Times" series a volume on Martha Washing
ton, by Annie Hollingswortn Wharton. It will
contain a fine portrait. Dr. Henry van Dyke's
"The Builders and Other Poems" is to be is
sued shortly, and also Professor D. G. Ho
garth's "Philip and Alexander of Macedon."
Professor Hogarth of the Oxford University is
the author of a most notable boot, "A Wan
dering Scholar in the Levant." The fiwe
paper, printing and binding of the Messrs.
Scribner's Sons will be at their best in these
volumes.
"Does Modern College Education Educate,
in tne Broadest and Most Liberal Sense of the
Term?' is one of the most important inqui
ries that could be set on foot. This discus
sion, which is 10 be taken part in by Presi
dent Gilman of Johns Hopkins, President
Dwight of Yale, President Scharman of Cor
nell, President Morton of the Stevens Insti
tute, Henry Thurstou Peck of Columbia,
Bishop Potter and others of the most distin
guished men of both the United States and
Europe, is begun in the April Cosmopolitan
by a radical inquiry into the educational
problem along the lines of Herbert Spencer.
President Gi.mau will follow in a direction al
most tquaily searching.
Mark Twain, says The Critic, is in London,
writing an account of his lecturing trip to
Australia, India, South Africa, etc It will be
in the style of the immortal "Innocents
Abroad," and will be published in the fall
by Chatto & Windus in England and by the
American Publishing Company of Hartford in
this country. The book will be a large octavo,
illustrated, and will be sold by subscription
ouiy. The American I'ublishing Company is
preparing a uniform edition of ah of Mark
Twain's works, ineludiug those now published
by the Messrs. Harper. I; will be in fifteen
volumes, and theie will be an edition de luxe
of 230 copies, sicued by the author. The Har
pers will continue to publish their own edi
tions of Mr. Clemens' later writings.
Edward Bellamy's new book, "Equality,"
the first which he has published since "Look
ing Backward," will be awaited with extraor
dinary interest. After years of preparation
the author now puts forward a work which
will command universal attention. The new
book, which will be published in a few weeks
by D. Aopleton & Co., will be liirjer and more
comprehensive than "Looking Backward."
The scene is the same— that is to say, the world
of the twentieth century— and the same char
acters reappear. But while tne new book tel'.s
no much that is fresh about the institution* of
the world of to-morrow, its especial purpose,
8 .-i«;-- agt:i3ne<t from that of "Looking Buck
ward," is to account for those institutions by
explaining not only their righteousness and
reason, but likewise the course of historical
evolution by which they were born out of tha
very different order of things existing tc-aay.
In this part of his work the author has much
to sey 01 the meaning of the events of our own
times, which he links with the future by pre
dictions of changes now close upon us. The
title, "Equality," Is well chosen, in vi«w ot
the general theme.
2324
IN CHILDHOOD'S
REALM
EASTER LILIES
Bring liles white on Easter morn
To deck the fount— He loved them so!
They watched alone beside His tomb.
Bring lilies — purest buds that blow.
Oh, hallowed vigil! lilies fair,
We envy thee that service sweet,
To watch beside His lowly tomb —
To bloom in beauty at His feet.
That morn was born the hope we know,
That after darkness light shall be;
We hold the lilies in our hands
And praise thee for Gethsemane.
CORNIE L. BARTLETT.
An Easter Greeting.
FROM YOLK EDITRESS.
Life is fll I of joy to-day-
Chime out. sweet bella!
Alt fear of death
Has pushed away.
Chime out, swept bells!
To-day we publish again the picture of
the silver badge of C. R. C. They are
ready for distribution now. Send 50 cents
with 2 cents for return postage by mail.
Address all letters to Mary W. Richards,
San Francisco Call.
City members may leave the money,
with their address, at the business office
of The Call, on Market :treet. Then
their badges will be forwarded to them as
soon as possible.
They are going rapidly, and if yon wish
to possess one of the first supply you
muit send your money right away.
AN EASTER
STORY
For Jiruj Folks.
By Eomeo Codoni (C. R. C).
It was the week before Easter, and the j
children were looking forward to the d»y j
as one of the brightest of the year.
Most of them were sure the little long
eared rabbits would come while they
slept and leave pretty briehi -colored eggs !
for them in a'l sorts of odd hiding places. I
But poor little Willie O'Brien didn't talk I
much about it. He was 5 years old, and
never had had an Ertster egg. lie could j
not understand at all whjr the bunnies!
slighted him. The boys said it was cau-e j
he was poor and wore such old clothes, j
"H'm, rabbits don't like poor folks," cried
one boy whose father Was rich.
Willies papa bad been dead for three
yeart, and his mother went out washing
for a living, so the poor little boy was left
alone a great deal.
One night when his mamma came home
very tried and hungry Willie asked Her
what she thought about it.
The poor woman was hurrying to got
their supper an 1 did not mean to be bar*h
when she said: "Oh, don't be botherin'
me now about yer Easter eg^s. They're
not for the likes of ye, I tell ye." A great i
lump gathered in the little fellow's throat
and his eyes filled with tears.
"Then it must be true." he said, "rab
bits don't like poor folks."
The child went to sle*p very sad, but he
dreamed a sweet, sweet dream about a nest
in the grass filled with red, b!u«, yellow
and purple eggs. Beside the nest sat a
&ure white rabbit, and while he was
I watching it, strange to say, it opened its
mouth and in tones a* sweet an the music
of a little silver bell said, '"Willie, dear,
these ejrgs are all for you, for you !" Then
it disappeared.
i He felt like crying when, in the morn
ng , he found he ha I only bern dreaniinc,
but the memory of it gave htm sweet faith
t bat in spite of his mother's discouraging
words the rabbits would surely not forget
him this year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
So be told his little chum, Bobbie Gray
of bow ho had dreamed such a lovely
dream and how he felt sure that on Easter
morning it would come true.
When Bobbie went home he told his
sister Netue, who was older than he, how
he did hope that Willie nucht have some
oretty egj»s. He also told her about the
little boy's dream and hi 3 belief that it
would come true.
His sister promised to try to think up
some plan whereby Willie might not be
disappointed.
At last she said, "Bobbie, are you will
in jr to give up eating your epg lor break
fast every morning until Easter? If you
do, I shall also. Let me see — four days
—that would make eight e«(?s. Tlien
we'll save our nickels, too, to buy four
more; so we'll have a whole dozen, and
you xnow we'll need to spend something
for dyes with which to color tiiera."
''Oh, you're a. brick, sister!" shouted
Bobbie, throwing his hat into the air,
"and we'll keep it a secret, and Wiilie 'ill
think the rabb.ts did it. after all.' 1
Time passed. The eg.'S were laid away
safely every day by the children with an
air of great mystery and importance, and
"no questions answered" was the way
they replied to all inquiries about their
sudden dislike to ezgs for breakfas:. The
little iron bank in Bobbie's room held zx
bright nickels when the day before Easter
arrived.
Bobbie and Nettie were very busy that
day, and In the evening a dozen beauti
fully colored eggs lay in a pretty little
basfcet ready to be carried over to Mrs.
O'Brien's the next morning. There was
something else in the basket, too. When
I Nettie and Bobbie were leaving the store
j after buyine the dyes Mr. Brown, the pro
prietor, had called Bobbie back to give
him a beautiful white sugar labbit, with
little pieces of pink sugar for eyes. Bob
bio was delighted, for he had never be/ore
owned one, but after much debating with
himself he had finally placed it in Wil
lies basket.
They had had great fun coloring the
eggs, and Bobbie's hands and face and
j Nettle's apron were very funny looking
i all daubed and streaked witn yellow and
blur.
Willie had spent a very lonely Satur
: day. All the other boys and girls were so
much occupied talking over the good
"to-morrow" coming and practicing for
their Sunday-school exercises, that they
had no time to think of him.
Poor little. fellow! He sat on the back
door step munching his dry bread and
looking up at the lovely blue sky, over
which -flocks of soft, woolly sheep were
rolling and tumbling along, his eyes as
blue as the skies, and his hair shining like
a mass of spun, gold in the bright sun
shine. ' - ". " ■
A'l at once he ran down into the yard
and busied, himself in 'making a great,
lovely nest of the long green grass which
covered the ground, talking to himself all
the while.
"I'll make it so pretty and so safe and
so com fie that they'll know how I do
love them, and they'll leave me some
red eggs and some blue ones and some
yellow ones." Then when all was finished
be dropped on his knees and lisped,
"Please, God, don't let the bunnies forget
Willie this time."
Early the next morning two little figures
slipped out from Mr. Nelson's frontdoor
before any one else was stirring. Between
them was the basket of eggs. Down the
lane and around the corner across to the
place where Willie lived they went.
There wai a hole in the fence through
which they crept. Then tney caught
sight of the nest.
"Just the thing," whispered Nettie.
"Willie made it on purpose, I'm sure."
The e_'gs were soon nicely fixed In the
nest and the children hurried away, so
! frightened that Willis might catch a
glimpse of them.
About an hour afterward, as they were
eating their breakfast, they heard Willies
voice outvie, calling:
"Oh, Robbie 1 come, see! They did!
They dial I knew they would! "
Bobbie and Nettie felt very glad when
they went out and saw the little fellow's
joy as he stood with his pretty eggs in his
apron, whilo the sugar rabbit vas held
lovingly up 10 one cheek.
Then out came their father and mother,
and when they uttered words of praise to
their children Bobbie. said it was the very
happiest Easter morning ho had ever
spent.
Easter Monday.
Every Easter Monday the beautiful
erounds of the White House, where our
President lives, are thrown open to the
children of the city for their egg-rolling,
AN EASTER FANCY.
and lot? of fun they have running hither
and thither over the green lawns after the
pretty, bright-colored eegs. The papas
and inamma9, prandmas and grandpas,
all go, too, and enjoy the sport almost a^
mucii as the boys and i iris. M. W. R.
Correspondents' Golumrv.
Homer F. X.— Alice Bell was the first mem
ber of C R. C.
What you refer to was a misprint.
M. W. R.
Maud Mallory— for mentioning me
in your poem about Childhood's Realm. I
think it was fine.
I think Rctha Waldan writes the most in
teresting letters for the age.
M. Eva Navone.
E. Randall— C. R. C. means Childhood's
Realm Club. M. W. R.
; Exchanges Jteceivted.
Weeklies—
?'.• "Harper's Round Table."
"Youths' Companion."
"Golden Days."
Monthlies — •
"Kindergarten News," for April.
A special Froebel number.
"Our Littlo Ones and the Nursery."
Mr. and Mrs. Eggs.
Mr. and Mrs. Eggs,
A-going for a walk;
Says Mr. Eg-s to Mrs. Egg?,
"My dear, why don't you talk?"
Says Mrs. Eggs to Mr. Egzs,
•"Tis Easter, don't you know?"
Says Mr. Eggs to Mrs. Eggs,
"Ob, yes, my dear, that's so."
Lucy Moelleb (C. R. C).
• — ♦ — •
THE LETTER
BOX
Fitchbi-rg, Cal.,April7, 1897.
Pear Editof: This is my third letter to you.
I will send you a puzzle. lam glad when Sun
day comes so I can read The Call. I have two
kittens— a blnck and a gray. The black one is
named Peter Jackson and the gray one Jack
McAuiiffe.
I am very much interested in the Children's
Realm. 1 have a little brother named William
Clark McClintock.
I solved some of last Sunday's puzzles.
Edwin Cecil McClintock.
San Francisco, April 3. 1807.
Dear FAiitress: I thought 1 would write you
another letter and teli you about our garden
and orchard. We live in the Mission and hav c
some very fine irutt-treet, which bear well
••very year. Ai present all of these fruit-tree*
are in bloom and they are indeed a pretty
sight. The color of the blossoms on the peach
trees are pink. The pear, plum, cherry and
apricot blossoms are white. We have also a
large liiac tree, which is lovely when in
bloom. 1 intend to write a puzzle or a story
for the Children's Realm, as I wish to belong
to the C. R. c. Club. I remain, your constant
reader,
Jcliet Driscoll, 25 Dorian d street.
San Andreas, Col., April 6, 1897.
Dear Editor: As I have not seen any letters
from our little town I thought I should be the
first to write to The Call. 1 go for the mail
every Sunday evening expressly to get the
Childhood Reaim page first. Papa has taken
The Tall for two years and it seems as though
we coula not do without it. lam 12 years of
age and lam in the fifth grcde. My teacher's
name is Sir. Floyd, and I like him very much.
Hoping to see my letter in print 1 remain your
leadur, Nop.ma Cassinelli.
Buena Vista Ranch, April 7, 1897.
Dear Editor: Mamma has a 20-acre almond
orchard. My sister Pauline has an aviary of
fantails and I have one of common pige ons.
lam 9 years old. My birthday is in Septem
ber. I have two sisters, but no brother.
This is my first leiter to you and I hope to
see it published in next week's Call. 1 en
joy reading the letters and puzzles. Mamma
has taken The Call lor three years. We have
only one little horse. We go to tchool every
day. Your friend, Nineta Hovey.
New Puzzles
L Hidden name of a Holiday.
Those asters are very beautiful.
11. lama bird; behead mo and I mean to
impel a boat. J." Morgan (C. R. C).
111. A diamond.
1. A consonant In player.
2. fast tense of a verb meaning to move
with rapidity.
. 3. A substance used for writing on.
4. An instrument for catching flies.
5. A consonant in player.
L. Mitchell (C. R. C.}.
IV. Word square.
1. An interrogative pronoun.
2. An animal.
3. Weapons.
4. An examination.
D. H. ALLEKMORE (C. R. C).
V. If the Bmt, put some : but if the B.
(Selected.) T. Joos (C. K. C).
VI. Pi— A maxim.
ivnihterofebuoytca.
• - ' : Alma Sea (C. R. C).
VII. To an organ of the body, add a body of
water and have a large city.
Mabel Cass (C. R. C).
VIII. (a) What is the difference between a
turkey and a lady? Ida Sullivan (C. R. C).
(6) What is the difference between an ordi
nary man and the president of a female col
lege? Gkktta Cllff (C R. C).
IX. Transpositions by Hartley Jackson (C.
R. C):
Read forward, a weight; backward, an ad
verb.
. Forward, to deface; backward, an animal.
Forward, the Supreme Being ; backward, an
animal.
Forward, to steal; backward, an instrument.
Forward, a tool ; backward, a verb.
Forward, a boy's nickname; backward, a
color.
X. My 3, 4 and 5 an instrument for writing.
My 7, 8, 9 a period of life.
, My 3, 7, 8, 9 part of a book.
\ My 7, 3, 4 a mischievous animal.
My 10. 2, 5, 9 not any.
My 1, 2, 10, 4 a solid mathematical figure.
My 6, 4, 7. 3 a pile.
A chief city in one of the northern countries
of Europe. K. Cobdan (C. R. C).
Acrostic.
(Original.)
Is any one unwelcome here ."
No, for all are friends sincere.
Children, all excepting one,
Hrr aim it is to help us on ;
Inciting each to use his brain; •
Let her efforts not be vain. -
Devoting many hours to vs —
Hours most faithful to her trust.
Oh! may God bless our friend so kind I
Oh! may each one improve his mind!
Doing each his best to add
Sunshine for each lass and lad.
Remembering now in life's bright morn,
Ere by age's toil we're worn;
. Always rembering our God;
Loving him from the first, our road
May be light with all life's load.
Carrie Goksalvls (C. R. C. ).
y\r\sWers for 11, 1897.
I. Head, nose, toe, ear, feet.
11. (a) One watches the cells, the other sells
the watches.
(6) His forelegs (four) and his two hind legs.
111. Because it's always In fun.
Because "G" (gee) makes it go.
IV. Crete.
V. Menu.
Oysters.
Crab salad.
Cream soup.
. Smelts. Rock cod.
Shrimps.
Roast beef.
Turkey. Cranberries.
Turnips. Tomatoes.
Fruits.
• Mince pie.
Nuts and Raisins,
Water-ice.
Coffee and Cheese.
VI. Mary W. Richards. . v
VII. Seal-bear-goat-cat.
VIII. Word square.
FLY
LYE
YES
IX. L
8 18
( LIGHT (A diamond.)
SHE
T
X. D-are-d-dared.
D-ld-did.
G-an-g— gang.
G-on-g— gong.
S-llt-s— slits.
y\r\sWers to Puzzles.
Of April 11 have been received fr om the fol
lowing members of C. R. C: Lucy Moeller,
L. Nado, Emily Houston, M. Lagomarslno,
Alice Bell, Ethel McClure, M. E. Navone, May
McCarthy. Hilda Lippi, Alma Sea, Annie
Jones and Ruby Loveland.
For April 4 from Emma Eggers and Theo
dore Joos.'
From non-members for April 4— A. Knutsen.
For April 11— L. E. Hooper. M. E. Hooper,
Lizzie Behro and Battle M. Williams.
■ I ll ■ ■■!■-■-¥ IT" - * - - ■ , .
Letters y\okr\oWledged.
We thane the boys and girls whose names
follow for pleasant communications:
Clarice Adams, Olga Zeller (C. R. c.}, Edgar
Reinhold, Theodore Joos (C. R. C), William
Ross, H. F. Rom, L. Nado (C. R. C). Charles
H. Ovrern (C. R. C), U. E. Navone (C. R. C),
May McCarthy (C. R. C), Ruin Sadler, Irene
Moore, G. O Dillworth, Edgar Randall, D. 11.
Allenmore (C. R. C), Mabel Sway, Gladys
Johnston, Hilda Llppi (C. R. C), Crawford
Carroll, Blanch Stout, Lixzla M. Wienke (C. R.
C), Ruby Loreland (C. R. C).THE
STAGE
It may be the big royalties, it may be a j
widespread desire for fame, or it may be
a spring epidemic— the people who are
always lecturing about so:ioloey and fin
de-siecle tendencies ought to know— ali
that I am concerned in stating is that a
mania *eems lately to have possessed
young and old, nigh and law, rich and
poor, to write play?. The number of plays
produced in San Francisco alone would
Bupply the world with dramatic novelties,
and fre.-ti aspirants for playwright's laurels
ore always bobbing up serenely, generally
among people one would least suspect
of any desire to follow in William Shake
speare's footsteps.
No one in the dramatic profession is
cleverer or more observing than Miss
Georgia Cayvan, and to her I apply for
information on ihe play-writing epidemic.
Mi.-s Cayvan'i prompt reply is that she
divides the world inio two classes — people
wno write plays and peopie who do not,
and on the whole sue thinks the former
class predominates.
"If any one would dare to tell the truth
to dramatists it wo^ld do so much good,"
she says with a smile that would soften
the bitterest truth and nmke it seem al
most pleasant flattery. "The mass of
knowledge that is not possessed by j
dramatists is vast, very va;-t, but it would |
be no use to presume to point out the truth I
to playwrights; they would become in- j
dignant at once. 1 continually receive
plnys that bear all the earmarcs of having
been the round of many managers, and I
am told what flattering remarks each
has made, but evidently no one has
pointed out the faults. If this play has
escaped ali tbe Dig managers, can it be any
use to me? I wonder; but I read it, if it is
typewritten, for gooJ plays are very diffi
cult to procure, and one never dares to
turn anything away. 1 carry manuscript
about with me and glance at it in odd
moments, but I have never had anything
good from an unknown dramatist yet, or
I should certainly have produced it. I
mention as a curious fact, not as an in
stance oi my perspicuity, that none cf ihe
plays I have passed by have ever been
afterward produced with any success."
Miss Cayvan Ukes to read a play in cold
type, and has a horror of letting a dram
atist read his work to her. "Playwrights
continually expect approbation," she says.
"I once let Robert Buchanan read one of
his works to me, and he went through it
with an air of, 'If you don't admire this,
you must be a born idiot. 1 "
"Do you think the dramatist of the fu
ture is likely to begin life as an actor?"
I a*k. "The dramatist, ot the future is
more likely to De a woman than a man, 1 '
replies Miss Cayvan. "Piay- writing is
falling so rapidly into the hands of
women. Just at present the piofession is
in a state of transition. The strong popu
lar tendency toward the vaudeville siage
makes me think that perhaps the great
p. ay of the future will comoine the vaude
ville and the spectacular with tiie dra- i
matic; out there, again, you can never I
teH, fasiiion changes so rapidly. It is •
getting more and mora difficult to find
the universal drama — plays of the class of
'Caruille' and 'The Two Orphans' — that
appeal to people of all classes and nation
alities. The drama seems to be growing
more sectional, ana French plays are more
and more difficult to translate and adapt, so J
America must look to Americans for its
plays."
Q-iite recently Miss Cayvan was in
1-urope for ten months, and practically
saw all the new plays, but she did not
admire any of them enouga to want to
purchase. Her ambition is to get a good
American play. "There are wonderful
periods for costume drama in American
history," she says reflectively. "The
period antedating the Revolution, for in
stance, when Washington was looked on
as a disturber of the peace and when i
fathers were beginning to turn against
sons and sons against fathers. The old
Virginia life holds great dramatic possi
bilities, but it has been scarcely touched."
"And all your labors in reading voluntary
contributions have been hopeless? ' I ask.
"Quite hopeless," replies Mias Cayvan,
resignedly. "Someiimes there are grains
of merit in works submitted to me by un
known authors, and I think 'this can be
fixed,' but we soon find that an attempt to
revamp the thing produces a hopeless
muddle, and we have to give up in despair,
but I do not pass anything over, for who
knows when a pearl may be found
among the chaff? and good pla3 r s are
hard, very hard, to get."
It is not only stars like IC!si Cayvaa who
receive plays by the bushel. Local stock
companies and managers of theaters are
deluged with them, and their cry is tho
same as Miss Cayvan's, "Nothing worth
producing." "Plays!" says genial Ai
Morgenstern of the Baldwin. "If you
had been half an hour earlier I could have
shown you a man with a blood-anl-tbun
der drama — 'Orotanski, the Dynamiter.'
He obligingly said that we might have it
for 10 per cent royalty, and it would not
cost us more than $500 to paint the scen
ery. People come here all the time with
thefr plays, although we never i_roduce
anything, but they imagine we have a
pull with the traveling companies." And
then I am told a whimsical experience
that befell Otis Skinner the other day. He
received a play from 6an Diego with a
name known to fame on (he title-page.
"I am Colonel Robert Shakespeare." wrote
the San Diego playwricht, "a collateral
descendant of William Shakespeare, and
I Kball expect extra payment on account
of my name." From all accounts Robert
has not inherited the transcendent genius
of William for play- writing.
I find Manager .Be.'afco sitting in his
otlioe at tue Alcazar, which is too small to
swing a kitten in, much less the proverbial
cat. He makes his headquarters in the
smallest hole and corner available, witn j
the fell design of keeping out more than
one amateur dramatist at a time. "Do
you receive many manuscript play? ?" I ask
from the doorway, wondering whether
my crowding in the office will necessitate
Arthur Lotto, the businesß manager, hav
ing to wriggle out. Belasco starts so vio
lently that he would fall out of his revolv
ng chair if there were any other space to
receive him, but ne is between Scylia and
Charybdis, or between the desk and the
wall, which is the same thing, (or neither
affords any chance of escape. 'You have
brought— that is, you have written "
Belaeco murmurs, eying me very much
as a terrified mouse would eye a cat. I
assure him that I have neither brought
nor written; I am seeking information
about amateur playwrights. "You'll ex
cu°o me," he replies, laughing, with an
air of immense relief, and mopping the
i beads of perspiration from his l>ro\v. "I
1 have not been weil for the last few days
and a sadden shock easily upsets my
nerves."
"Do playwrights corns in such great num
bers?" 1 ask. "Do they ?" echoes Arthur
Lotto, pulling down a pile of manuscripts
from the pigeonholes in the desk. "Do
they? Look here, and here, and here —
j and I have bushels more at home." He
spreads the papers out and makes hay
with them in a way that ?ays plainly:
"There are plenty more where these came
from." "ilr. Lotto interviews the play
wrights. lam always called away on press
ing business when a man or woman with
a roil of manuscript looms up and asks for
the manager," say* Belasco, wi h a
wicked twinkle in his eyes. "If the plays
are typewritten I read them all," remarks
Lotto. "It is the hardest thing in the
world to get a good play, and the man
ager who refuses to look at amateur work
never knows when ho is turning away
go:d among the dross. ♦ * * We have
not found any gold so far, but we may
strike it any day. You know the story of
the piay that lay in A. M. Palmer's ?afe
for two year*. One day, when an English
drama he had just prod ucea had proven
an utter failure, Palmer took the first
manuscript that came to his hand out of
bis safe. It was 'Alabama.' "
"What are the faulis of these?" I ask,
singling out a few of the MS. that strew
the desk. "The same old faults, I sup
pose," says Lotto, wearily. "Wildly im
probable scenes, impossible situations,
people making entrances and exits aim
lessly; then the amateur dramatist will
insist on changing from a wood to the ex
terior of an inn, then to an interior and
back to the wood, all in one act. It was
very well to jump about in that erratic
way in Shakepeare's time, when the only
scenery was a board with the inscription:
'This is a wood,' or 'This is an inn,' but
modern stage-setting will not stand it.
Now here's a piece," and he singles out a
bulky MS. "A young lady brought it
yesterday morning, and asked if sh« might
read her play — it would not take many
minutes. Tnere are seventy-four speak
ing characters in the first act, and after
she had read steadily for an hour and a
half, she grew quite confused and asked
for a class of water. We did not want a
fainting lady on our hands, so we prom
ised to read the play ourselves."
"This play must ba from a woman, 1
say," selecting a manuscript jauntily tied
with blue and yellow ribbon and trimmed
with little bows. "Not at a;J ; an cfficsr
at the Presidio sent it," says Mr. Lotto,
laughing. "That play is a war drama — a
cavalry war drama, and the officer (you
see his name on the title-page) orna
mented it with blue and yellow because
they are the cavalry colors." "Shal yoa
act the war drama?" I ask, wondering
why editors insist that only women tie up
their manuscript with ribbon. "It is
wildly, weirdly impossible." replies the
business mannger dec:dedly. "A glance
at the title-page shows how unskilled a
playwright the author must be. The
drama is in four acts, and there are three
characters. Three people could not pos
sibly sustain the interest through four
acts."
"And this?" I ask, selecting a neat-look
ing manuscript which somehow cives the
impression that ihe man who wrote it
is used to dabbling in literature. "It is
from a clergyman at San Jose," says
Lotto. A clergyman ! bless me! what a
hold the drama must have on the public
mind for a minister of the gospel to give
up his time to writing a play and sending
it in all seriousness to a theatrical mana
ger, la the hope that t will be produced.
I am asked not to divulge the clergy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
man's name, some of his flock may object j
to play-acting, but if it is sinful to write'
a good play the San Jose clergyman's
flock may tet thoir minds at rest. His
work is about as fitted for acting purposes
as the city directory. Probably ho has
never been Inside a theater and knows
even less about stagecraft than the young
lady who had seventy-four speaking char
acters in her first act. In one respect the
San Jo-e clergyman is like the cobbler
who sticks to bis last — his play is n bibli
cal drama. Good, unsophisticated soul!
bnncy sitting in his study, surrounded by
Baxter's "Saints' Rest," "BuMer's Anal
ogy" and other light and airy theological
worts and writing a biolical drama for
the use of a fin de siecle company. Ala?!
that we should have become so shallow
and flippant, and knowing that even
Sarah Bernhart makes a colossal failure
when she tries to act bibical drama. If |
we want the Bible acted with meet and
due reverenco we have to go to the sim
ple, unworldly peasants of Gberam
tnergau.
All the aspirants for dramatic honors
are not so honest as the girl with seronty
fonr characters and the clergyman who
dramatized a Bible story. "A great many
people bring us old plays with other
titles and the names of the characters
changed," says Belasco, "and we receive
numbers of p!ays which are little more
than typewritten transcriptions of fa
miliar dime novels. College students
seem to spend a great part of their time
in writing plays, to judge from the num
ber ol letters we receive from tho universi
ties, and fond parents are continually
bringing their children's work." "And
is everything utterly, hopelessly bad?" I
ask, thinking regretfully of the wasted
time aad energy. "Not at all," says
Lotto, cheerfully; "some of these people
show promise, but their work is crude and
displays no knowledge of stagecraft. To
make it lit for production it would have
to be entirely rewritten by a practical
playwright. If some of these people
could get an expert to collaborate with
them inoy might be really successful."
And then I go my way, wondering how
it is that no provision is made for guiding
the playwright into the straight and nar
row pat ■ of experience that leads to suc
cess. This country is full of dramatic
schools that undertake at so much a head
to manufacture wild, untamed amateurs
into finished artists. There are so many
dramatic schools and voice-builders, and
stage-gesture professors and what not
that they positively elbow one another,
but the poor amateur playwrights are left
to err and stray alone like lost sheep. No
dramatic school open its portals to them,
no experienced playwright says: "Come
to me and I will teach you." In view of
the vast number of people who are writing
plays I wonder that no "professor of
stagecraft" has put out his shingle and
started a school for aspiring dramatists,
undertaking to convert raw material into
Khakespeares ana Juolleres "while you
wait." Just think of it — over 20,030 plays
are annually submitted to managers in
this country and not a dozen successful
piays are annually produced.
Mabie Eyeltk.
BaldWirv Jheater.
Primrose and West, who bring their
minstrel organization to the Baldwin
Theater to-night, have a company com
posed of a hundred members — in fact, a
double company. The novelty of this
consists in the way the "first part" 13 |
given. It is divided into two sections, or
"two editions," as they call it. The first
"edition" is meant to show the origin of
minstrelsy and is given by a company of
genuine colored minstrels, and consists of
original "buck" dancing, singing and ac
robatic worlt. The next "edition" is
Kiven by the white company of minstrels
and is an exposition of the modern idea of
minstrelsy.
The company this season includes
George H. Primrose, William H. West.
George Wilson, Jimmy Wali, Howe and
Walters; William H. Windom, the
phenomenal alto; Charles Kent, the bary
tone; Arthur Williams, the operatic
tenor; Frank Puzlcer, the barytone;
George Robinson, the lyric tenor; Ed
Dickens, the basso profundo; John H.
Davis, second tenor. Among the new
songs to be heard are: "There's a Bully
Gone to Rest," '"hot Time in Old To^n
To-night," '-Take Back Your Gold," and
"Dariing Mabel."
Columbia Jheater.
Miss Georgia Cayvan and her company
will to-morrow night present for the
first time in this City a new comedy by
W. R. Walkes, entitled "Mary Penning
ton, Spinster." This is said to be a dainty
comedy of the same category as the Rob
ertson comedies of a generation ago, or
the Carton plays of to-day. It was origin
ally pro tuced in London, and is to be
given here exactly as when first produced
in New York, as all the original scenery,
properties and appointments are carried
with Miss Cayvau'it company for all of the
plays in her repertoire.
Mr. Waikes has made the over-edncated
woman tne object of his satire. His hero
ine. Mary Pennington, has been educated
at Girtou, a hotbed of Euxlisd female in
dependence, and has there absorbed some
very radical ideas, among them a belief
that woman is absolutely the equal of man,
a theory which she puts into operation
when she assumes the management oi her
deceased father's business, a large milling
property. She substitutes women for her
male hands and vays them men's wages,
with the unhappy result of encouraging
idleness among the men, and eventually
precipitating a strike which works the
tinancial rum of the old and honored firm
of Pennington. Mary is also opposed to
matrimony, holding that it is unworthy of
i the consideration of any woman of strong
mentality. Fulling in love herself with
her- junior partner, this theory is rather
bard to uphold. . .....
The latter ' part of the week is reserved
for the presentation of a double bill con
sisting of a new comedy by Mrs. Elizabeth
Bisland, "Goblin Castle" and a one-act
comedietta. "The Little Individual," by
Thomas ilayiies Bayley. ;7-;; ; * ■
y\lcazar "] heater.
To-morrow, evening Tom Taylor'* fa
mous comedy "The Overland Route-' will
be performed. It was in this play that
Henry Irving first made a hit in 1860
while playing at the Theater Royal, Man
chester. England. The entire Alcazar com
pany will be seen in the comedy, includ
ing George Oibourne and Mr-. F. M. Bates,
who makes her reappearance after an
absence of two months. The stage sel
lings will De realistic, the first two acts
showing the deck and cabins of the P.
and O. steamer homeward bound from
India, and the last act the coral reef,
where the voyagers are wrecked. The last
performance of "Called Back" will be
given this afternoon and evening, the
matinee being the last Sunday matinee to
be given at the theater.
Qrarxd Opera-J-louse.
To-morrow evening Mamie Sheridan
Wolford opens in her own play, "The
Brand of Cain," in which she fills the role
of a saucy but pretty Irish servant girl.
The play tells a story of the woes of a
noble young Englishman, who suffers be
cause of the. evil deeds of a brother who
resembles him. There are many exciting
situations. The dual role of the two
brothers is played by Mortimer. Snow.
Lorena Atwood "and Julia Blanc are also
in the cast, as are Nat M. Wills. Fred But
ler, Landers Stevens, John J. Pieraon and
George Nicnollß.
Ti^oli Opera-House.
Sir Jules Benedict's romantic Irish
opera, "The Lily of Killarney," will be
continued all this week. On. Monday
evening, April 28, Denis O'Suilivan, the
eminent barytone, will make his first ap
pearance in tnis his native City in Charles
Viliiera Stanford's romantic Irish opera,
"Shamus O'Brien." singing the title role,
which he [layed in London and through
out the East. In addition to the company
of the Tivoli that will support him Miss
Myra Morella, late prnna donna of the
Abbott, Konried and Carlton opera com
panies, will make her first appearance at
this house. The scenery, costumes .and
accessories are being painted and made
from the London models. This produc
tion shows the desire of the management
to present the latest successes.
At the Orpheum.
- . Several Eastern and European artists
will open to-morrow. P;incipal among
them are Slgnor Achilla Albert!, a bary
tone formerly with the Mapleson Grand
Opera and Scalchi Concert companies,
and lime. Annina Orlandi, mezzo-so
prano with the flume organization*. Mar*
zelli and Mil lay, comedy acrobats from
Berlin, Ed Latelle, a musical come
dian, will also be new, an-l Herr Grais,
who was at the Orpbeura last year with
his trick baboon ana donkey, will put
his animals through now performances.
The Merrilees sister?, Kronemann broth
ers, Evans and Vidocq, -, and Harris and
Walter! will be seen in new turns. .
.yUthe Chutes.
Poring the : warm weather the chutes
continue to entertain many people. Tbe
vaudeville parforraance given on the open
air stage has made a decided hit, and tbe
ar.imaloscope exhibited each evening is a
source ot wonder to many t f (he visitors.
The living pictures, with electrical effects,
produced in the tunnel of tbe scenic rail
way, are a decided novelty and are well
worth seeing.
A California J^agiciarv.
News comes from Australia of the im
mediate success made in that country by
the celebrated ma ician, Carl Henz. who
is a native of this City. The artist is
creating a positive furor in the Antipodes.
As that country tias been a favorite tield
lor the greatest maaicians, to meet with
so much approrai there is a great feather
in the young San Franciscan's cap.
Musical Mervtiorv.
The sixth and last concert of the first
series given by tbe San Francisco Sym
phony Society takes place next Thursday
afternoon at the Columbia Theater. Danis
O'Sullivan, the young California barytone,
who made such a success in Europe and
New York, will be the soloist. It is hoped
ihat by the end of this month sufficient
members to the permanent symphony
society will have been secured to warrant
the formal announcement of the Jail se
ries. The present series has been an ar
tistic success.
The proeramrae for the last concert in
cludes Weber's overture to "Oberon."
Rubinstein's fifth symphony (for the first
time iti this City), the "Queen Mab"
scherzo from Berlioz's "Komeo and
Juliet" symphony and the famous "Nut
cracker" suite by Tscbaikowsky, with it«
charming national dances and its beanti
to I "Waltz of the Flowers." Owing to Mr,
O'Sullivaui's late arrival his numorr has
not yet been deciled on, but it will be
some .rand aria that will give full scope
to bis voice.
Mrs. Gertrude Auld-Thomas, whose
pure soprano voice made such a success at
tbe fourth symphony concert, announces
a song recital at Golden Gate Hall, next
Friday evenine, April 23 Mrs. Thomas
will be assisted in the following pro
gramme by Samuel Savannah, violinist,
and Robert E. Newell, a pianist, who
makes his debut in this City. Mrs.
Thomas will sing:
(a) "Nymphs and Sylvans" (Purcell), (6)
"L'amour ebt un Enfant Trompeur" (Martin);
aria from "The Magic Flute 1 ' (Moiari); "lv
me Dirais" (Chaminade); "I^es Larme*' (Mas
seuei); (a) "taynuove's Song (Kjerulf), (6) "Cue
Uioja" (Mattei).
Pearl Ladd, the talented young pianist,
will give a recital and entertainment at
the California Theater next Saturday
evening, assisted by Nathan Lantlsbergor,
tbe violinist, the Lombardero String Sex
tet and Matiidita, the Spanish dancer.
Her programme will inclurte number* by
Liszt, Chopin, Grie.', Moszkowski, Weber
and Handel, and Miss Ladd will play a
violin and pianoforte sonata of Beethoven
with Mr. Landsbcrger. She will also give
the "Potion scene" from "Romeo and Ju
liet." Popular prices will be charged.
The last Bacon-Minetti ensemble con
cert of the season will take place on the
Ist of May at the Association Auditorium.
Frederick Biggerstaff will leave shortly
for Europe. A farewell concert is now be
ing arranged for him, which will take
place at Golden Gate Hail May 13.
On Wednesday evening a song recital will
be given at the First Unitarian Church by-
Dennis O'Sullivan under tbe auspices of the
Charming Auxiliary. Mr. O'Sullivaii will be
assisted by Mrs. Cannichael C»rr (piano), Miss
H u i«la Auderseu (piano) and W. F. Zech
(rlollD).
Miss Ernestine Goldmann, pianist, and Miss
Lotte Siegel, vocalist, give a concert at the
Y. M. C A. auditorium Friday evening, April
30. kindiy assisted by Nathan Laudsberger,
violinist.
Dramatic Brevities.
Gladys I.airl of Richard Minefield's com
pany is seriously ill.
Mary Hampton is to play the leading role in
•'Under the Red Robe" next season.
Mrs. Arthur F. Ward?, a daughter of Ethel
Brandon, is seriously ill in New York.
Edwin Milton Royle's play, "Friends," is
being used in the continuous performance
theaters.
An offer has been made to Marie Bates to
star her in a character similar to what she
plays in "Chimmie Fadden."
Dorothy Morton says she is to marry a gon
tleman from Rochester, N. V., during the
summer, »ud will retire from the stage.
"La Poupee," which is Audran's latest Lon
don success. has been purchased by O«car Ham
mersteiu, who may produce it in his Olympia
Theater.
W. 11. Windom, the phenomenal alto with
Primrose & West's minstrels, has two new
oongs this senson. He is the author of "The
Fatal Wedding."
Miss Hattie Russell, sister of Ada Rehan, is
at present a member of Nat C. Goodwin's com
pany. She plays the part of Lady Jiunn in
"An American Citizen. 1 '
The great comedy success, "My Friend From
India," by 11. A. dv Souch«»t, is coming to the
Baldwin Theater thi* year. May Yokes is in
the presenting company.
De Wolf Hopper, supported by Edna Wallace
Hopper and a company of over sixty, will
present Sousa's comic opera success "Ei Capi
tan." at the Baldwin lollowlng Primrose &
West.
Charles Frohman has engaged Isabel le Ir
ving to be John Drew's leading lady for next
season, replacing Maud Adams, who will star
also under Mr. Frohmau's management. Miss
Irving t. ill be featured on the bills. Her ad
vancement in the profession has been rapid.
No one ha 3 ever accused Eugene Cowles
of being an actor. He can't act, but he cau
sing and he can dance, and in the "Serenade"
that voice of his is a perfect delight. When
he decided to go on the stage his family
out West were bitterly opposed to it, and
for a time there was a decided coolness be
tween him and the rest of his relations, rie
had a position in his native town, ho was
singing in the choir, and his fsmily thought
that he ought to be perfectly contented
with his lot. Eugene, however, was deter
mined, and left home and mother, an 1 all
that sort of thing, to make a name lor himielf
on the stage, and now be and ins lamlly are
on good terms again, and the old saying that
nothing succeeds like success Is proven true
once more.
The Kuights of Pythias.
The official visits which it bad been an
nounced Grand Chancellor McGlashan would
make during the week, commencing on the
19th inst. and concluding on the 2tith inst, in
the (southern part of the State, hare been can
celed <on account of the fiesta at Los Angeies.
Those who will have charge of the manage
ment of the entertainment of the Grand Lodge
of Pythias, that will meet in Hauford, are
designated by the committees appointed, as
follows: . . . / :■■ , •
Reception— B. I* Barney (chairman), K. M
Goodrich, 1. Sutherland, It. \V. Hnndall. Justin
Jacobs, J. W. uratiam, M. L. Short. Decoration—
J. Handler ( hairmao), George Slight. A.- M.
quire, Hall— H. T. liemrlck* (chairman), >.
Wnsbaum. 8. Heho«ffer. -Banquet— K. K. Bush
(coalrman), H. ,H. Bernstein, N. Wcisbaum,
B. li. Barney, J. M. • liambleton, John
Van * Vlear, 8. Walter, K. K. McKenaa,
W. A. Long, David Purler. Charles KlmUr, C. C.
Church, > d ricK. it. P. .Mlc.lc J. M. Clark,G«or«e
Mngnn. J. - chncrtf r, F. Under. Priming — N.
Welsbaum, J. Handler. Transportation— l*. D.
Kiltoo (chairman), B. Shannon. J. Handler, A V.
Taylor, H. O. White, H. McGlnnls. Mibjcriptlon—
B. *L. Barney, K. R. Bush, 11. G. White, 1.. 0.
Nathan, J. O. Uickman. Booms— F. xi. Hlgbt,
V. K. Cameron. ..."..
Companion* nt the Forest.
Next Wednesday Loyal Circle will give a
grand entertainment in Foresters' building.
To-morrow evening Liberty Circle will give
a partr in its ball in tbe Maccabee Temple and
on Friday Twin Peeks Circlo will give a grab
bag party.
Minerva Circle announces a country dance
In costume for me evening of the 10th of May.
Prizes will be awarded lor tbe bandsomest
costumes.
Mupaii Circle gave a pleasing entertainment
to Us friends in Oakland last week and tbe
hall was crowded to tbe doom.
The Grand Circle will meet in this city on
the 17 ill ot May in the Foresters' building.
\ ! " NEW AMUSEMENTS. ~ -'
Gustav Walter, director general.
OTarrell St., bet. Stockton and Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO'S GREAT MUSIC HALL.
\KTgglx. CommenolxLc; Monday, April 19,
OPESISG OF THE SPRISG SEASON. UMSII ARTISTS FKO3I lIOUE A\D ABROAD.
eNEIW AND /■—>! Al "CD "T">CS I NHi'W AND
i^ GREAT O
Special Engagement of the Noted Singers
SIGh AOHILLB MIIWtEI.. ANNINA
A^Lm'EH^'FLI^X and. ORLAISTIDI
The Eminent Barytone, late of the •* The Celebrated Hezzo - Soprano,
Mapleson Grand Opera Company **. Late of the Scalchi Concert Com-
and scalchi Concert Company. % irk, pany. , - • -
And His Marvelous TRICK BaBOON AND DONKEY.
ES £ATE££Ei :^
.^^J^^ - The Eminent C6medy Musical Artist. ... -
European Novelties, •
nVLA-IFIZEIjIL,! and 3VEIIL.Ij-A.-y
The Far-Pamed Comedy Acrobats.
Dutiful M ERR I LEES SISTE RS ! gsa^A^t-
■Aijtl k WALT 118 '.? A '£S&l%,,. ifeO3(KMA3i\ il'OS. °™*%% wu .
The Eccentric Conversatianalists. \\Vl l|/vl> >} nn i Irn In their
~¥X\X* in<l I iltll: II WliLlUlri . Jim! LEI ben ational
_-* _!."*!_ Revolving Illuminated Ladder Act.
MATINBE THIS "(SUNDAY) AFT3RNOON.
Parquet, any seat, l!5c: Balconv. «m- w, 10c: *'hilrir»n Mlc. any part
MlliPWllf ,^ 0 TO - NIGHT !
lUjtflfyißraiiNcoßp'o TO - JSTIC3-lE3IT !
M" iMEATRE \ props. , Sunday, april is.
PRIMROSEIND WEST !
BIG MINSTRELS.
WH ITES _ A N —"BLACKS
« c ™ GEORGE WILSON!
INNUMERABLE NEW ACTS! ALL THE LATEST SONGS!
nyf AOrVQprVf O I THIS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT!
I VI \J n \J O V/ V^ O hast Performance* of 1
grand opera-house THE WAIFS OF NEW YORK
W'ALTKK MOROCCO. . Lessee and Manager. With Its Songs and Speiialtles. BBS
COMMENCING MONDAY EVENING, APRIL 19.
Limited Engagement of the Favorite Eastern Actress,
MAMIE SHERIDAN WOLFORD,
In Her Original Character of NORA LOGAN in Arnold Wolford's Magnificent Scenic Play,
"THE BRAND OF CAIN."
REALISTIC AND STARTLING EXPLOSION SCENE !
A STRONG STORY GRAPHICALLY PRESENTED ! -
A SPLENDID CAST OF EXPERIENCED ACTORS I
'-iV-'j- Evening Prices — 1 or, 25c and 50c. Matin. Saturday and Sunday
• • • rRIEDLANOER.GOTTLOB & MANAGERS
TO-NIGHT! 1/ ATCt "
FAUEWELL PERFORMANCE! SQUIRE KAT LI
TO-MORHOW KTICa-H 1 ! 1
MISS GEORGIA CD A.'^T'ST'Jk.ISS'
And her Company will present, for the first time here, the Great New York tuc:e)s,
"MARY PENNINCTON, SPINSTER"
A. Comedy la 1 hree Acts by W. R. WALK I B
Every Evening at 8:15, including feundny. Last Cay van Matinee Saturday.
nONDAY, APRIL 26 "\^T.A.H.I3 "\7"ODI^I2S !
Presenting th« Satirical Farce. "A RUN <)> THE BANK!
it I A II 7 A D TO-DAY AT 2.
AiLljAbAll CLastSunday riatinee.)
BeiascoALaFatiie.M rs. | This Evening at 8.
HCUH CONWAY'B GREAT PLAY,
"CALLEC^BACK!"
MONDAY — APRIL 19,
Tom Taylor's Rattling Comedy,
"THE OVERLAND ROUTE."
Presented by the ent!r« Alcazar Company, In-
■' • ■ dual - .
Ca-HORCa-Hl OSBOURNE,
And with Splendid Scenery and Effects.
Our Popular .Prices. Telephone for Seals,
Black 991. . , - .
COLUMBIA_THEATER.
EXTRA.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON. April 22, at 3:30.
LAST SYMPHONY CONCERT.
GUSTA V HINRICHS, Dlcrector. ,
Soloist, Mr. Denis O'Snllivan.
Rub. ein'H Fif.h i-ymphony (tlrst time) and
the Famous Nutcracker suite.
-. Reserved seats 60c »nd si. Boi-olHcenow open.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Next Saturday Evening 1....:. ..April 24.
Only Piano Recital given by
FSAXIXj Xj A.TDJO,
Californin's youngest artist, assisted by NATHAN"
LAXDSIiE! GKK, BARPKRO String Sextet
and MA ILDITA. Spanisu UanCvr. , :
Kes rv. d seats bOc, 75c ana $i : on sale at Slier- !
man, Clay it o.'j i hnisday, Friday and Saturday. |
SPANISH CARNIVAL
MASQUERADE, ,
SITURDAT EVEMG, APRIL 24,
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
I
GRAND 910,000 ILLUMINATED -
; STREET PARADE AT 7:30.
THE CHUTES.
GRAND OPE! AIR PERFORSAWES |I
EVERY AFTERNOON AND KVKMMG.
, Balloon Ascension To-Day .at 4:30.
■ Special! Beginning; To-Night! V
»; . 1i1.11(1..,S CAVILL,
The i'ha»ii]>!oi> Swimmer, will give exhibitions
in the Chute Lake.
ADMISSION. lOc. CHILDREN. 50.
LURLUB SALT WATER BATHS,
Cor. Bush and Larklnsts.— Kecent 1 mproveraents.
•  .. I-:n.\MKI,KI> SWIMMIXJ lANK.
' 'Additions to Tub Department.
Admission, 10c Admission, including swim, 250
' ,-' Open Day and tveuing.
TIVOL! OPERA-HOUSi
Mits.i!.B>,- jm-i-ii,,- .c Kbet,in>. Proprietor <Jt Manaisr
EVERY EVENING!
THE MUSICAL TRIUMPH t
Sir Jules Benedict's Romantic Irish Opera,
THE LILY OF KILLARNEY.
A PICTURESQUE PRODUCTION 1
SUPERB CAST !
Lovely Ballads, Beautiful Knsembles.
Songs lii a! Reach tile Heart.
Populnr Prices 250 and sOp
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROn 7 A. H. UNTIL u P. n.
GRAND OPESIXG BATBIIG SEASON,
SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
IMMENSE TROGRAMME.
Grand Concert Every Afternoon and
K veiling.
CHARLES OA"VIIjI_i
Will swim around Seal Rock at 2:80 P. M.
■-■•.:■■■; :''•' ;
Bathing:, including Admission: Adults. 25c: Chi!-
dren, 'JOc ••;.,.-:.
General auiimnhiou, lOo; Children, 53
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
DON'T MISS THIS.
ONLX 50 CiiNTS TMK ROUND TRIP,
including admission, to
THE PICNIC OP THE EASTER SOCIAL CLUB
OF SAN FRANCISCO,
> TO-DAY (SUNDAY),
....AT....
SAN LORKNZO GROVE.
5-'5 in cash gate prizes given away. Firs:. prize,
$10: second prize, $6: third prize, $ 4: fourth prize,
*2 60; fifth prize, $1 50; sixth pr>ze, »1.
Say o your admission ticket for the drawing;
ho r of drawing 3:30 p. v.
Dancing and games throughout the day.
The HaywarJs electric-cars connect with every
broad-gauge local from foot of .Market street, at
Frultvale station running half hour y direct to
grove. Only 60 cents the round trip, including
admission to the grove. ft
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY DUPING THE
SEASON. Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boat-
ing. Fishing and Other Amusements. .
'Refreshments at City prices. ' .Fare, round trip,
25c, Children 15c; including admission to grouuds.
; TIIK STKA.MKK IK! All
Wll leave Ttburon Ferry av ID :30 a. m. ; 12:10,
2:00 and 4:00 P. M. 'Revurnitiir. leave Kl Campo
at 1 1 :15a.M, 1:00, 3:00 and 5:UOr. M
THIRD ANNUAL PICNIC,
* Council West Oakland No. 13 of I*. P. K. C. at
Shell" Mound Park on fluidity, April 18. 1897.
Tickets -'5 cents; .children under 12. years free.
«100 in i ate prizes. Music ty Fifth Infantry
Baud and - Orchestra. Dancet in American and
Azorean styles. . Council leaves fraternity Hall,
corner P ralia and seventh -ts., at 9:30 a.m.;
march up Klghth st. to Broadway, up Broadway
to i ouneenth.
2526
A REVOLUTIONIZING INVENTION IN HEAVY ARMY ORDNANCE
Patent papers were issued a few days I
ago for what must be conceeded to be the
most important invention made in the
field of heavy ordnance during the pres
ent decade.
The invention was conceived and worked
out in San Francisco, and the first trials —
that demonstrated its effectiveness— were
made at the Presidio, although at the
time not more than four people knew
what was #oing on. The Call gives the
first explicit disclosure of the wonderful
discovery to the world.
Briefly, the invention is a projectile that
can be fired from an old-fashioned smooth
bore cannon with all tne force and pre
cision of the most modern rifle. The
magnitude of such an invention may not
be apparent at first thought, but it will
dawn upon you. as you proceed.
The inventor of this projectile, which
may revolutionize modern gun-building,
is Colonel W. H. Bell, U. S. A., at present
assistant commissary-general at Wash
ington. Colonel Bell was chief commis
sary of the Department of California for
two years. He was stationed in San Fran
cisco, but left here several months ago
and was succeeded by Colonel Willard.
In order to make the principle of
Colonel Bell's invention comprehensible
to the Jay mind some explanation of the
forces governing the flight of a projectile
from a cannon's mouth will be necessary.
The earliest cannon made were smooth
bores firing a round shot. If such condi
tions as a perfectly calm atmosphere and
an absolutely tight fit of a projectile
made of lead existed the flight of the
projectile would be accurate and forcible.
But such conditions never exist, and con
sequently several phenomena take place
that inventors have for years been work
ing to overcome.
In the first place the atmosphere is al
ways in circulation, more or less. In the
next place shot cannot be made of lead,
as that metal is 100 expensive. Thirdly,
the shot cannot fit tightly in the cannon
because that would cause it to burst.
Isow, what are the consequences? A
smooth-bore cannon, greased and pol
ished, is charged with the requisite
amount of powder. In front of this is a
round, iron shot, and the weapon is ready
to fire.
When the gun is "touched off ; the first
thing that takes place is the expansion of
the burning powder. As the iron shot
does not fit tight and only touches the
sides of the bore at its circumference part
of the force generated by the burning pow
der blows past it and is wasted. The
round shot being of iron is consequently
not neavy enough to offer the proper re
sistance to the force of the powder and is
blown from the cannon before me burn
ing powder has developed its full power,
whiSh means another waste.
As the shot flies tnrough the air the
atmospheric pressure is bound to be the
greatest on the side from which the wind
comes. Consequently, there is a force
piled up on that side that causes the
shot to "roll," or to be rrore clear to re
volve on an axis at right angles to the
wind force. The result of this is that the
round shot describes a curve instead of
traveling in a straight line, and ia there-
—AS EFFECTIVE AS THIS GUN WITH THE RIFLED BARREL.
jKe French ir\ Tunisia.
When, on May 12, 1881, Tunisia was
placed by the Bardo convention under
French control, this old province of Africa,
formerly one of the granaries of impe
rial Rome, had fa;len through centuries of
misrule in a quasi state of barbarism.
Many portions of this territory, once so
fertile, became desertlike and covered with
unproductive brushes. 'When the French
entered Tunis there were but four kilo
meters of road, 22ft kilometers of railroads
near the coast, three lighthouses on the
northern shore. The ports were all
choked with sand, and hardly accessible.
The cisterns were often waterless,
and irrigation very badly carod for. There
■were but twelve postoffices, mo<t unre
liable, as a matter of fact; twenty-four
schools, of which twenty were kept by re
ligious congregations. An unpaid army
was the only protection granted to native*
and settlers. Such was the chaotic state
of affairs in the regency when the protec
torate was instituted. Since that time a
wonderful progress has been accom
plished. To-day Tunisia possesses 1400
kilometers of macadamized roads, 667
kllometeis of railroads, eleven large
lighthouses, twenty-nine smaller ones
and ten luminous buoys at the har
bors' entrance?. Four large ports and
eleven less important ones are now open
to the trade. Forty-two localities are sup
plied with 20,000 cubic meters of fresh
water per diem. Sixty-four postoffices
and 156 sub-stations haye been established.
fore unreliable. From the time the round ]
iron shot is fired from the smooth-bore
until it hits somewhere it is a series of
disappointments. First, there is waste of
powder, and lastly inaccuracy.
Now, what would be the consequence of
a conical iron shot fired from a smooth
bore? This form of projectile would over
come the objection of light weight and
would also offer enough contact at the
sides of the bore to prevent the burning
powder from blowing past. Consequently,
at the instant it leaves the cannon's
mouth it would have the highest possible
initial velocity and would be pointing
directly at the place the gun was aimed.
But before the projectile had traveled
twenty-five feet there would be trouble.
The atmospheric pressure would get in its
work. Instead of causing this shot to
"roll" it would cause it to "tumble." That
is, describe a series of circles such ns a
stick would if thrown into the air from
your hand. The result of this would be to
first retard the shot by presenting its side
to the resisting atmosphere and then to
cause it to fly inaccurately on account of
each tumble starting it in a different di
rection. Taken on the whole, except at
very short range, the conical shot is no
more satisfactory in a smooth-bore than a
round shot.
All of the objections just mentioned
were overcome several years ago by the
invention of the "riflei" cannon, but at
the same time other objections were
created. However, a* the rifled cannon
developed the maximum efficiency and
accuracy with a conical shot it has long
been the accented type ot' gun.
The "rifling" of a cannon consists in
cutting a groove in the form of a spiral
along the sides of the bore. This causes
the shot in its passage from breech to
muzzle to acquire a twist, that is, a cir
cular motion around its longitudinal axis.
This twist is due to the friction of the
shot and the spiral groove and also to the
There are now 109 French schools. The
Bizerta roadstead has been open to the
largest ironclads and made a safe shelter
for a whole fleet. During last summer
the Brennus flagship, ironclad, of Ad
miral Gervais, made a short stay in the
inland harbor, nlthough she is over
11,000 tons and draws some twenty-five
feet. A survey of the ontire regency has
been accomplished. Under the direction
of M. Cagnat an archaeological atlas of
Tunisia is in preparation, while the gun
boat Condor has been ordered by Admiral
Besnard to contiibute to tnis work with
the hydrographic map of Carthage's Gulf
between Sidi-bon-Said and Kram.
Tunis has now its lines of tramways;
the Kasbah is lit with gas. Just as was
done ni Algeria, extensive plantations of
eucalyptus have been laid in order to con
quer maiaria, while a regular service of
vaccination, serotherapy, and rabies in
oculation has been organized.
Modern rules of hygiene have been ap
plied to sewers ana buildings in such a
way that the sanitary conditions have
been vastly improved. Telephone mes
sages can be now exchanged between
Tunis and the sacred and formerly mys
terious city of Keronan, and in spite of
this immense accomplished amount of
labor the army is paid, and the Tunisian
budget closes every- year with a surplus.
Anybody who sails from the south of
France cannot fail to have a certain feel
ing of disappointment when ne reaches
Algeria. In place of the oriental life, in a
somewhat crude state, that he expects to
I nnd, he disembarks on a shore which
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
efforts of the pases from the burning
powder to blow out through the groove past
the shot. The result of tue twist of the
shot during its flight through the air is
to prevent it from tumbling and also to
prevent the air from oiling upon the wind
side and so awerve it from a straight
course.
The objections to the rifled cannon are
many. Altnougn the principal one is ex
pense, very careful manufacture is neces
sary, and the cutting of the "groove is a
difficult task, requiring the most expen
sive machinery.
The expense of such a weapon naturally
calls for means to protect it, and conse
quently the pneumatic disappearing gun
carriage came into existence, as well as
other forms of forts and bomb proofs. A
first-class modern nine-inch rifled can-
non with all equipments would cost in
the neighborhood of $250,000. A smooth
bore cannon of the same size is worth
about $6000.
Colonel Bell in his study of projectiles
worked on the theory that it was only
necessary to give the twist to the shot to
create accuracy and force. How to do it
was the only question. During the last
decade he has built many models and it
would seem that he has at last found
what he has long been seeking. His in
vention has been given one preliminary
trial and will very soon be put to exten
sive tests by the Government.
The constriction of Colonel Bell's pro
ectile is so simple that it can cost very
little more than those now in use. No
additional apparatus for loading it is re
quired, nor will it necessitate any special
study on the part of the gunners. It con
tains only two pieces, and can be made oi
seems to be but a counterpart of
the country he has just left. Algeria
appears to him like a detached prov
ince of France. The harbor is pro
vided with all tne modern improvements,
such as warehouses and machinery, etc.
Here on the quay is the railway track, the
true conqueror of Algeria. So long as tho
Kabyles had the feeling that they could
place unconquerable distances, moun
tains or deserts between themselves nnd
the French flying columns they re
mained unvanQuished, but the moment
that the railway had extended all over
the country iv uninterrupted iron grasp
they gave up the struggle against
the inexorable fate. Successors of Rome
in the government of the province of
Africa, France has followed the former
conqueror's policy, whose superiority ai
ways lay in the rapidity of military action.
The railway tiere has taken the place of
the Roman roads. If the pacification has
been more rapid in Tunisia than in
Algeria, this is due to the fact that, taueht
by experience, all facilities for rapid
transportations were sooner established
by the French.— New York Sun.
, — • — ♦ »
"I shall use the £5 you gave me to spend
for Christmas, John," said the wife, ten
derly, to tne man who had recently be
come the partner of her joys and the
sharer of her sorrows, "in the purchase of
something that will constantly remind
me of your generosity. I shall have the
portraits of my first three husbands beau
tifully fram-d and hung in our sitting
room, "-XU Bit*
any shape or dimensions as long as it con
forms to the conical principle.
The projectile is of course made of iron,
and the main body of it is cast in the
usual manner. It is exactly like the coni
cal shot now in use, except that it has a
■mall chamber at the breech.
The other portion of the shot is a plug,
that can also be cast, and which screws
into the end of the chamber at the
breech. Around the edge of this plug are
a series of grooves at an angle.
Of course the details of the manufacture
of the projectile have not yet been studied
out, but the manipulation will necessarily
be very sim pie. After the body of the shot
is cast it will be put into a machine and
have a thread cut around the upper edge
of the breech end of tue chamber. The
plug will also have a thread cut on its
outer edge so that it will easily screw into
and close the breech end of the chamber,
except the grooves, which now become a
series of holes.
Supposing such a projectile were to be
put to actual use. The shot and the plugs
would be carried, without being screwed
together, to the place where they would
be fired. When all was ready a charge of
the usual rapid-burning powder would be
put into the smooth-bore cannon. A
charge of slow-burning powder would be
put into th* chamber at the breech of the
shot and the plug screwed into place. The
shot would then be loaded into the cannon
in the usual way and the gun would be
ready for tiring.
When the gun was fired the rapid-burn
ing powder would be consumed first, and
would ignite the slow-burning powder
through the holes on the edge of the plug.
The weight of the shot would offer the
necessary resistance, and the slow-burning
powder as it blew out through the holes
would cause the shot to "twist." It must
be borne in mind that but a very small
quantity ol slow- burning powder is neces
sary.
When the revolving shot reached the
atmosphere it would behave just the same
as if tired from a rifled cannon. The ex
periments that have been made prove
this.
The first experiment made by Colonel
Bell at the Presidio about a year ago was
to compare the forces of his and common
solid conical shot.
He fired a common shot with a certain
amount of powder and got the usual re-
THIS SMOOTH-BORE GUN WILL BE RENDERED^
PERFECT TREES ONLY THREE INCHES HIGH
The most interesting feature of the for
estry and herbaceus collection of Cornell
University is one recently added, consist- I
Ing of specimens of perfect forest trees j
less than three inches high. They were
brought to the university from the Arctic
rations by a party of explorers sent out
by the institution itself. The most nota
ble features of the collection are the Arctic
birch and the crowberry, which are shown
in the accompanying illustration.
Nowhere in this country, so far as
known, does a museum contain perfect
specimens of the birch. The curious
growth is occasionally to be found on the
top of Mount Washington, but no one has
ever before been able to secure one of these
tiny trees in absolutely perfect condition.
The specimens which Cornell has were
found on the Greenland coast, some at
Goduaven, on the isle of Disko. Others
were discovered at \Vilcox Head, where
the exploring party that secured spec- !
niens did most of its work. A curious dif
ference between this Liliputian birch and
the ordinary forest tree of the same species
is that the Arctic specimen bears fruit.
The trees on the island of DisKo were
covered with fruit when the explorers
found them. Wuat is more, this fruit is
decidedly edible. It has a taste not un
like tne juniper-berry, and is said to be
exceedingly health-giving.
Ever so many persons have read ot this
little birch tree under the scientific name
of Betnla nana without having any idea
of what the name really signified.
Translated it means white birch, and
those who have read of the struggles of
Dr. El is X a Kent Kane and his companions
in the A rctic regions a half-century ago
will remember what an important part
the Betula nana took in sustaining the
life of the members of the expedition.
The berries which grow upon the birch
seem to have all the concomitants of food
and drink, and upon them a person may
exist for a long time without materially
losing strength.
The second notable specimen is known
as the crowberry, or, as the scientists term
it, the Empetrum nigrum. While this
tree is in a measure a cosmopolitan plant,
although classed as an Arctic growth, the
same difficulty has been experienced in
securing perfect specimens as in the case
of tlie birch. The crowberry grows in thii
country — on Mount Desert, in Maine — and
is occasionally found at the bighe«t points
of the Sierra Nevada range of mountains.
Like the birch, it bears an edible berry,
and it is no exaggeration to state that it is
one of the principal sources of succulent
The Digestion of Staple Edibles.
Boiled rice will digest in one hour; if
boiled in milk, however, it requires two
hour-, if eaten with unboiled milt two
hours and fifteen minutes. Raw eggs
will digest in about one boar and a half;
fried, three hours and a half; soft-boiled,
three hours; hard-boiled, three hours and
• half. The whit* ana yellow should be
■; $' fiWiiO
food in the lofty region where it grows. ;
Several years ago an exploring expedi
tion to the Arctic regions very thoroughly
investigated the crowberry for the pur
pose of discovering what difference there
was, if any, between the Arctic growth
and the same tin}' tree growing on Mount
Desert The result was a curious illustra
tion of the novel effect of climatic condi
tions upon natural growths. The berry of
the crowberry as it grows on Mount Desert
has a marked acidity which, far from ren
dering it unpalatable, makes it more
agreeable as an article of food. The crow
berry in the Arctic zone has a decidedly
sweetish taste, and yet withal if one eats
several of the berries there is the pucker
ing -ensation about the mouth that is no
ticeable after eating persimmons. Thess
facts were determined by analysis, and
the most careful reasoning and investiga
tion arrived at no other result than that
! c irr.atic conditions were the cause of the
difference mentioned.
Those odd specimens of Arctic growth
are all the more notable because of the
fact that of the several hundred species of
plants which grow in the Arctic regions
the great majority are herbs. Few of
these, however, are annuals. The condi
tions existing in the Arctic zone seem to
fayor the herbaceous plant above all
things. The subterranean stems of these
seem to be the most efficient vehicle to
carry the lives of the plants over the long
and severs winter. In fact, no woody
plants — with the exception of those men
tioned in this article — growing in the
Arctic regions deserve to be called trees
or even shrubs in the ordinary sense of
lha term. Their stems are prostrate,
sending up short, leafy branches, which
expand flowers and bear fruit in an in
credibly short time.
A third specimen of the dwarf trees
which was brought back by the Cornell
party is the Arctic willow. There is the
Arctic willow proper, and then what is
known as the "bear" willow. It and the
herbaceous willow grow within the limits
of the United States, upon the tops of the
highest mountains, notably Mount Wash
ington. The reticulated willow is a very
beautiful plant, the rarest of them all.
The Cornell party discovered a specimen
on the Labrador coast. They had great
difficulty in securing a perfect willow of
this sort, and the specimen that now rests
in Cornell Museum is believed to be the
only one in existence away from its native
climate.
These little trees which have betn de
scribed are of exceeding interest apart
served together, as one assists in the
digestion of the other. Salt beef requires
four hours and fifteen minutes. Beefsteak,
broiled, three hours, stewed oysters,
three hours and a half. Oysters re quire a
longer time to digest than broi ed meat.
Roast ve»l requires five hours for perfect
digestion. Pork the same. Suet pudding
is supposed to take five hours and a half.—
Mrs. S. T. Rorer in Ladies' Home Journal.
suit. He then fired one of his shots of the
same weight and with the same amount
of powder. The result was startling, for
the recoil was so great that tlie twenty
four-pounder was turned over and broken,
and the shot was carried far out to sea.
Subsequent experiments made a few
weeks later only served to strengthen the
theory. Colonel Bell's shots were fired
three or four times as far as a common
solid phot with the same weight of powder.
Their accuracy left nothing to be desired.
The shot showed the highest initial ve
locity and struct with, the most remark
able precision, although the gun used was
an o!d discarded one badly rasted.
Colonel Bell is an old artilleryman and
feels that his invention is perfect. It has
already attracted the attention of the War
Department and there is little doubt but
that it will soon be generally adopt d.
The importance of this wonderful pro
jectile does not lie so much in what
might be made of it as in the fact that it
will render a vast number of so-called
worthless guns of the greatest value.
"Those old cannon are only fit for old
iron," is the way officers have for years
described the nuns scattered over the forts
and arsenals in different parts of the coun
try. But that term can hardly be applied
now.
Of the old guns referred to there are
about ::00of them lying at the forts around
San Francisco. They were ca«t during
the last war at a cost of about $3003 each,
but have simply been considered as scrap
iron for several years. In fact they have
from their rarity and place of discovery,
from the exact resemblanca in every slight
detail to the ereat trees of the same spe
cies found in the forests of the United
States. For instance, the leaf is precisely
the same, and the general appearance of
the wood exhibits no difference. With
the willow it is curious to note the
leaf formation and the quality of sap that
exudes from a twig when the bark is re
moved tnerefrom. The texture of the
PERFECT BIRCH TREE, ACTUAL SIZE 3 INCHES,
[Enlarged from a photograph.]
been offered free to anybody who would
remove them. The value of all these
guns in the United States has been esti
mated a $300,000,000.
By making use of Colonel Bell's pro
jectile it would seem as if they all became
of their original value again. More than
their original value, because they will fill
the places now taken by guns worth a
quarter of a million.
With such a vast amount of guns on
hand the United States can claim to be
the best defended Nation in the world.
With such a vast number of tnem in ac
tion there would be no need for expensive
disappearing gun-carriages, for if a few
i were demolished there would be plenty
I left. Old Fort Point becomes more for
midable. With the number of guns at
present mounted there almost any fleet
■ could be sunk in a few minutes, and long
before the enemy got near enough to do
any great damage.
A modern fort, with three or four rifled
nine-inch cannon, is considered "a tough
place co tackle." What would a fort be
with thirty or forty not rifled, but just
as effective. Another advantage of Colonel
Bell's projectile lies in the fact that the
"lile" of a smooth-bore gun is many times
that of a rifled cannon.
The more the apparent advantages of
Colonel Bell's projectile are considered
the more valuable his invention become?.
Whatever it may do in other ways there
can be little doubt but that it will have a
depressing effect on the manufacture of
big guns. Will Sparks.
wood is ptecisely the same. One can
make a very fair whiatle out of the trunk
of any of the Arctic willows equal in
quality to that which the youngster
evolves from the small branch of the wil
low of ordinary iize.
Taken altogether, the collection is an
exceeding novelty in its way. So far as
Known, the only museum where the trees
which look as if they came from Lilipat
can be seen is at Cornell University.Unfrequented Bicycle Roads
in the
You ride tne bicycle? Of course, or at ]
least you are thinking more or less seri- j
ously of learning to master it, with a view I
of holding a place in the procession now :
rapidly nearing the end of the century on i
'•svheeis.
In either case this article may furnish i
you a few suggestions, provided you are I
TiOt a "scorcher" or ambitious to become :
one. The "scorcher" does not ride for I
pleasure— be chases records. His chief j
aim in life is to cover a certain number of
mil«i in a little less than a given number j
of minutes. Like a will o' the wi«p the I
record flits before him, and to grasp it, i
even though he holds it but for a brief ]
Boac*. is to become the lion of an hour in
the cycling world. lie pa?s°s the country,
to be sure, but he doesn't see it. What if
t lie sky ba blue, the wayside gorgeous
with springtime Mowers, the overhanging
branches tenanied by sweetest songsters?
The "scorcher" has no time to note tiiese
things. Bat withal he's a good fellow,
and this is not means to disparage his
importance. Without him there would
■be no racing, and without contests of
>peed to stimulate the ambition of wheel
taien even those who ride dimply for en
joyment would take less interest in the
sport.
Yet the vast majority of men and
women who ride the do so princi
pally because it combines in the highest
degree moderate exercise and exhilarating
recreation. With more or less timo at
command they are lond of leisurely sptns
through the part, occasional trips to San
Leamlro or Haywards, and perhaps, once
in many months, a journey even so far as
bun Jose.
They would fain go elsewhere, but know
not bow. This is a city of hills, and hav
ing made several fraitless efforts to strike
out in. search of ridable roads they have
abandoned the quest. Travel over the
beaten paths becomes monotonous, the
once attractive scenery lo^es its charm,
and in nine cases out of ten the bicycle is
temporarily relegated to thp storeroom. .
Now this is ail wrong. The cycling sea
son is here ai.ead of time this year. So
get out your w: eel and prepare to read
jist your bearings as to the lay of the
land hereabouts. Come with me on a few
excursion?, none of wh.cn wiil take you
lar irom home. Perhaps when you return
it may be with fresh ideas regarding the
advantages of this badly paved, top-tilteJ I
ANGEL ISLAND SOLDIER ATHLETES.
The regular United States soldier is a
paliant fellow, whether at work or at play,
and baa a touch of the old Grecian spirit
;n hm that makes him iike athletic
sports next to the smell of puvrder — dear
:e heart of every man of war.
J That is why ttie field days at the various
abopt the hay are such a great sue-
V's?, and why the <!eienders of the Nation
prow greater day by day in brawn and
brain, for a healthy body makes a healthy
mind. Athletic contests in the army
have come to siav.
•Quickness of thought and act. on is as
much taught in the army now as the pre
cision in drill ana riile practice, and it is
tvonder.'ul what the manly boys in blue
can accomplish in the way of feats of
strength and strategy when the approv
ipK eyes of their superiors and the ladies
are upon them.
Over at Angel Island* where the Third
Artillery is statior.ei, ihey have a mag
nificent lot of Holdiers, and the rivalry
Miiong them, friendly and mnnly though
it is, has developed many line athletes
who would shine on any field.
A certain time for practice is set aside
in each day, and all who are in good phy
sical condition are expected to partici
pate. The boys in blue take to it willingly
enough, for they look forward to genuine
competitive days with pleasure and even
eagerness. When the eventful morning —
once a month — arrives, volunteers for
"Field Day" are called for and the num
ber who spring forward to take part is
generally in excess of those who can be
comfortably used.
One of these exciting events or series of
events took place a few days ago, and the
i-ecords that were made in some of the
contests were remarkable. Tiie board that
exercised supervision over and judged the
contests consisted of First Lieutenant C.
W. Foster of Battery 1, First Lieutenant
*5- A. Bennett of Battery D. arid Second
U enant E. P. O'Hern oi Battery H,
*V lj f'!ig officers of ihe Third Artillery.
iu<-of-war contest was first on the
programme, ana It was a magnificent
struggle that ended only when the van- !
finished were at their last cleat and hauled
over it.
Teems from Batteries D and I pulled
J>wi two out of three, ana the latter won
town ai a cycling center.
Before starting into the country look
well to the condition of your wheel. See
that every nut is tight, that the tires are I
of the proper lirmness, that sufficient oil j
has been applied, and above all have th?
chain well lunricated. With these essen
tials attended to there's little danger of
annoying delays. Making repairs by the
roadside is simple, theoretically, but in
practice is not conducive to serenity of
temper.
And don't forget your shoes. For tour
ing they should come high enongh to
just cover the amde-joirt. There is du«t i
THE RIDE ALONG LAKE CHABOT.
to be kept out and maybe seme hard i
knock? to Be averted.
We will not go to the ClifF, nor through
the Presidio, nor to Inglesiae. These are
all old familiar places. Of the Mission
road The least said ihe better— it is steep
I and never in good condition. Although
; the bay road, wnieh winds in long curves
j around the shallow waters of the western
shore, is ceriainly picturesque it is also
i rather rough and is guarded by the for
| midable five-mile hiil.
If you are a strong rider arid feel that
duty calls you to San Jo:-e ot any of the
intermediate towns take the bay road. If
you don't want to get "that tired feeling"
itt the beginning of your trip take the
train to Milbrae. From this point the
road is excellent, but instead of continu
ing on to the Garden City turn abruptly
to the left at Burliugame, cross the rai:-
I road track and with a swerve to the right
reach Maieo beach.
Here you may pluck v.-ild flowers on the
shore or plunge into the placid waves that
ripple over the gravel!}- bottom. The
water is never very cold and there are no
dangerous currents. After breasting the
j tide a while take a rub down, and you will
. wonder why the wheel runs so lightly on
! the return trip.
From San Mateoor Belmont there are
several roads leading into the hills, and
even beyond to the settlements along the
i ocean. But these, with the exception of
j the run to the Crystal Springs reservoir,
which is well worth a visit, are hard climbs
to make and will scarcely compensate for
the outlay of time and muscle.
No need to mors than mention the read
to Haywards or the racing course over
the famous San Lorenzo triangle. These
are traversed weekly by thousands of
wheelmen. Yet seldom do any turn aside
1 the victory. After a rest the winners and
a team from Battery H pulled for the
final, and I was again victorious. Private
Tom Aiorlcy, anchorman of Battery I, is
! a fine physical specimen, with ample
; nerve, and he sat as firm a? the instru
ment afier which the position is named.
The tug-of-war greatly interested the
, audience, composed o: the ollicers and
', their families, other attaches cf the post
and a few visitors, but the next event, a'
i wall-scaling contest, exriiea them to a
1 high pitcn of enthusiasm. It was an
j illustration of and practice for what the
: f.olaier must encounter when assailing an
■ enemy.- position, and, the men went at it
witn a vim that savored of genuine com
i Oat. The walls were perfectly smooth
board fences ten and fifteen feet high, and
teams of five men each from the different
batteries competed.
All were in heavy marchin? order, with
rifles and bslts containing 100 rounds of |
ball cartridges, and the manner in which
j they overcame difficulties was very com
j mendable.
Company H's team was the first to
■ make an assault on the ten-foot wall, and
it made a record of 441£ seconds, that was
not equaled during the day. When it is
considered that the content included the
I firing nt five shots each by the first two
men at the top and of as many by each of
tne others when all were on the opposite
I side, It will be seen that this is remarkable
I time.
Battery D came next with a record of 1
mm. 8 sec, and Battery i finished in 56)£
seconds.
Tne scaling of the fifteen-foot wall was
more difficult, and the men had some nar
row e«capes from falling. To gain the top
it was necessary for one man to
mo'inton the shoulders of another who
stood close to the wall. Then a third
clambered to his shoulders and a fourth
I on the shoulders of the th ird and fastened
a strap to the top. Up this slender sup
port all swarmed to send a storm of lead
and defiance at an imaginary enemy on
the other side.
Battery H performed the difficult feat,
in heavy marching order as bsfore, in 2
minutes 12 seconds, John H. Davis, the
last man, Koingover the obstruction like
a tqurrol in epite of his 180' pounds oi bone I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
I to enjoy the varied beauties of LaKe Cha
bot or the nearer by loveliness of Laundry
Farm.
It's a warm day, but there's sure to be
I some shade, so let us have a look at Lake
| Chabot and the Castro Valley.
The dam at Lake Chabot is only two
I miles from San Leandro as the crow flies,
and he does fly here sometimes. Just at
ihe base of the little triangular town
square, turn to the left into Estudillo
avenue, a splendid street, straight as au
arrow and lined on either Bide with lofty
I locust trees, their branches almost inter
-1 lacing. At the end of the avenue is a lit
BEACH ON THE NORTHERN SHORE OF RICHARDSON'S BAY.
i and muscle. In order to give the boys a
little rest before more heavy events were
] called, the eentler exercise of tent pitch-
I ing was inaugurated.
The way those white havens of rest
■ were hustled out, raised on their sup
i ports and pegged aown was a caution,
j and they were reared into the air as if the
genii of Aladdin's lamp were at work on
them. The men of Battery H had their
tent up and in sun. shape order in 3 min
ute- 8?£ seconds, Battery I being second
and 30^ seconds behind.
This linished the forenoon's contests
and the lads sat down to their dinner
with sharpened uppetites.
The first event in the afternoon, called
at 1 o'clock sharp, was a relay race of 1000
yards, which wa» won by the speedy
spurters of Battery D, Battery I being
second. The time of the winners, 1 min
ute 55% seconds, was very creditable.
The men took up their portions of the
run with remarkable celerity and with
practice wiil lower this record consid
erably.
In the litter-bearing race, used to give
the men practice in skill and speed in
bearing wounded comrades from the field
of battle, Davis of Battery H was first and
Dans of Battery I seoond.
Lanford of Battey 1 won the mile race,
Mountain of Battery H being second.
The time was 5 minutes 'JD I 4 seconds.
The 440-yard go-as-you-please race,
heavy marching order, was won by Panlu
of Battery I in I minute 23 seconds, Davis
of Battery H second and Chatham and
Dumbler of Battery I dead heat for third.
The mile walk finished the day's exer
cises, Kelly of Battery H winning in 9
minutes 15 seconds, Rasmussen of Battery
H second and Walton of Battery I third
Genial Colonel Bainbridge, commander
of the Third, watched the games with a
p. eased yet critical eye and seemed to
take a pride in the prowess of bis "boys
in blue." J. P. R.
Hambletonian's Skeleton.
It will be interesting news to horsemen
that plans have been recently consum
mated for digging up the bones of the
trotting progenitor, Rysdyk's Hamble
lonian, and placing the mounted skeleton
VICINITY OF SAN FRANCISCO
! tie whitewashed cottatre, evidently the »
| abode of a farmer who ig plowing near
i by, but on the ridge of the steep roof is i
| the faded sign of a saloon. It tins out
lived its usefulness and is an incongruous
feature of the sylvan scene.
Proceeding about a quarter of a mile we
reach the parting of tiie ways— a fork in
ihe road that is quite misleading, for the
i most-traveled way is the one not to fol-
I low. Take the branch on the right that
run", up the steep side of a hill. It's only I
100 yards to the top, but it's easier to walk, j
Here the soil is adobe and for a short dis- i
tance is badiy broken up, but later in the
season it will be all right. The road is j
cut out of the side of a cnain of hills.
Below, to the left, is a narrow, deep valley, ■
tliickly wooded, but one looks over the i
tops of the hi*he3t trees. The sweet scent
of willows comes on the air, and the gurg
ling 01 water over a pebbiy bed is heard.
A little further 0:1 the lake itself bursts
into view. Blue and clear as the sky
above it stretches away and away be
tween breaks in the hills, seen here and [
there through opening3in the overhang- i
ing foliage. Involuntarily o:ie thinks of I
pictures that he has seen of the lakes of
Killarney.
Directly opposite the eminence on
which we stand is tbe great dam, covered
with the greenest of grass. At its ba3o a
few head of cattle are feeding, and beyond
the white sail of a boat glints in the sun.
The water is ud to the limit, and a foam- 1
crested cataract pours, under a bridge of
btone, and is guided through an open con
duit into the vale below. The cascade
roars like a miniature Niagara, and is the J
only sound -that breads the stillness of the
spring day.
The road wind- for some distance above
the shores of the lake, which is apparently J
of vast extent, though in reality it is less ]
than six miles long. Ferns and flowers j
grow on the bank to th? right, and the i
wild honeysuckle hangs in festoons here •
and there.
On a rocky point sits a lone fisherman. '
He ooens a bulging bag and displays a j
hue mess of trout, carp, caifixii aad a few
! minnows for small change.
"Does the water company care? "
"Wei!, maybe, bnt it's a long way frota :
the office," is the philosophical reply. '
| of America's most noted horse on exbibi
j tion in the museum of Natural History in
I New York.
The museum has an excellent collection
■ of the equine species from the period ol
the five-toed horse, that is no larger than
a fox, but there is no specimen of the
modern horse. This shortcoming was
observed a few weeks ago by John H.
Wallace, the Historian of the trotting
horse, and be volunteered to pay the bill
for procuring the skeleton of a represen
tative American trotting horse if the
museum authorities would give it a place
in the collection. This they were glad
to do.
Mr. Wallace at once thought of Ham
bletonian as the horse of all horses to be
piaced on view, and took measures to ob
tain permission to exhume his skeleton.
Ham bletonian, as all horsemen are aware,
was the first really great trotting sire ever
known, ana his descendants comprise
more than 96 per cent of all the fast trot
ters now on the turf.
When the old "Hero of Chester" died,
in 1876, he was tmried with honors on a
high nill on ttie William M. Ilysdyk
place, overlooking the little village of
Chester, Orange County, which he had
made famous throughout the horse world.
About ten years a?o the trotting-horse
breeders of the country raised a fund for
placing a monument above Hamble
tonian's grave, and a granite shaft now
marks the resting-place of the renowned
stallion.
Mr. Wallace last week obtained consent
to the proposed plan of digging up the
skeleton of the old horse, ana the work
will probably b* done within a few days.
It is the intention oi the museum authori
ties to place on exhibition at some future
time the skele;on of a representative thor
oughbred racehorse, a draught-horse and
a common cart-horse, in addition to that
of the great trotter. — The Collector.
Good English ]4ads.
"Mamma, if I had a hat before I had
this one it's all right to say that's the hat
I had had, isn't it?"
"Certainly, Johnny."
"And if that hat once had a hole in it
and I hiut it mended I could say it had
a hole in it, couldn't If"
"Yes, there would be nothing incorrect
in that."
"Then it'd be good English to say that
ihe hat I had had bad had a hole in it,
wouldn't it?"
"Johnny, you make my head ache."---
Chicago Daily Tribune,
' By a gradual descent the road reaches
the lowlands at the head of the lake,
1 which is left belrnu and the Castro Val
ley entered. Here are the homes of many
sniali farmer-: and stockmen. In plßces
the wheeling is hard, but the roads will
soon gel broken down. Rushing down a
sharp declivity between two farmhouses
we are again on the San Leandro road,
this time at a bridge near Haywards,
I having mad* a detour ot about eight
i miles.
If this ride seems a bit too long go up
i into the canyon at Lanndry Farm. A
little more than a mile from Fruitvaie a
I crossroad leads to Mills College. It is
i smooth and well Kept. Follow it past the
! bridge at the entrance of the seminary,
! and if the grade is too hard for you walk a
few yams to the top of the incline. Then
comes a gentle slope. If you keep on tbe
main drive you'll pass through a pretty
piece of country, but will soon get into
the foothills and rind it advisable to re
trace your way. But turn sharply to the
left and bold the wheel in check unti! you
reach the bed of the creek below Laona
Heights. Guided by the stream, which at
one place you must cross on a single
plank, pasj the rock-crushing plant, fed
by an automatic railway, and enter the
elen. a favorite resort of picnickers, but
where one seldom sees a bicycle. Beyond
this it is not pleasant to ride, though there
are paths which may be pursued for some
distance in various directions. But climb
to the top of one of the many ridges and
yon may obtain a splendid view of Oak
land, Alainftda, Berkeley, the bay, San
Francisco and the Golden Gate. The trip
is a short one and the recompense more
than ample.
Back of Oakland is the road into Jack
Hays Canyon, starting from Temescal,
which is extremely picturesque, but rather
too hilly for real enjoyment. The same
may be said of the route into Moraga Val
ley by way of the Fish ranch. The am
bitious road-rider, however, will do well
not to miss the scenic charms here to ba
found.
Should you desire to visit Martinez
while on this side of the bay, take the
county road at Golden Gate station, and
you will find fairly goo I wheeling, bar •
ring occasional grades, where it is advisa
'TWAS ONLY A SUBURBAN INCIDENT.
Oh, country, creen and fair!
Oh, apple trees waving there!
How sweet thy cool retreat.
How full or rest'
Caroled Mr. Middlerib in a voice like a
cracked accordion and with a beautiful
disregard of air and words as he thought
of the aevr country home he bad just pur
chased, "near two lines Of streetcars and
not more than five minutes' walk from the
Town Hall."
"Now, my dear," he said, speaking to
Mrs. Middlerib, who was preparing to
pack up, "we will be able to spend the
rest of our days in peace and comfort.
I'm glad I aoM out the meusly old store,
even if I did get only half what it was
worth. I'm getting too old for business;
let the young fellows have a chance. No
more getting out of bed at daylight to
hurry down to the store so that the clerks
can't knocK down half the morning re
ceipts for me. I'm going to enjoy life,
I am."
It may be remarked that Middlerib had
not been able to stand noise of any sort
since he sold his clarionet.
Then he went downtown to find an ex
pressman who would not charge more
than $13 a load for transporting furniture
across the bay.
"Oh. this is great!" said Mr. Middlerib
tht afternoon they got comfortably and
cozily settled. "Captain Pookdeck, a re
tired sea captain, who lives next door,
keeps a cow and will supply us with
plenty of fresh sweet milk. Mr. Whack
em, in the next block, is an honest team
ster, they say, and can do any little haul
ing we may need from town. Dr. Pill
stuff, across the streer, has a splendid
dog that he says keeps an eye on the en
tire neighborhood and that we need have
no fear of tramps or burglars. I think we
shall lead a quiet and happy life here."
Early that evening Mr. Middlerib got a
breathing spell, and sat out on his front
porch and solemnly contemplated the
hammer-bruises and tack-punctures and
abrasions of stove- legs and pinches of ob
stinate stovepipes tnat adorned his fin
gers, and wondered if Providence would
not kindly strike the House with light
ning and burn it up before he had to move
again, if that time ever came.
Then the beauty of the suburban scene
'URN IN THE ROAD NEAR THE FOOT OF MOUNT TAMALPAIS
i able to walk. Indeed, nothing promotes
j pedestrianism like cycling in the Coast
I Range.
For a change of scene turn to the north.
; The dense forests find rusniug rivulets of
! Marin will be marvelous to many. True,
| they may ba seen from car windows, but
i stereotyped views soon fail to please. You
must get ciose to nature's heart if you
would feel it beat.
Take a day off, or go on Sunday — after
church, of course. Cross to Sausalito,
then steer toward Tamalpais, once bean
tifnl to b'hold, now cruelly gashed by
ruthless progress in the guise of a scenic
railway. The cross-like scar made by an
avalanche is still there, but does not mar
the mountain's face as does the work of
man.
The road has many bends, bat in half
an hour you may reach Mill Valley and
rive into the rrdwoods. Rest here a whiie,
see the old mill, the three wells and the
cascade, then take a path little favored by :
cyclists. Leave the village behind, sprint ]
through "Jagtown" and cross the narrow
gauge track near Alto station. Then on
across the marsh and in and out the in- |
dentations along the shoreline mads by j
the northern arms of Richardsons Bay
until Tiburon is reached, and a boat for
the City may be taken. The road is not
bad, except in places, and only once or
twice is it necessary to dismount on ac
count of the grade.
But troin no other point ran one see
Sausalito, Belvedere, Tiburon and. San
Francisco in one picture, with Alcatraz
and Angel islands appearing in unex
pected places. There are some shingly
beaches here, and occasionally one may
tind a few youthful bathers careless of the
conventionalities.
Arriving at Tibnron, if there is time to
spare, tase the broad-gauge train through
the tunnels to Green Brae, where are
moored a rare collection of arks, none of
which Noah would recognize. Irom thi3
place there is a good road to San Quentin,
naturally starting on tbe down grade.
blotted on* the pains and stings of his
digits, and he fell into a trance of ecstatic
content.
The sun was just sinking out of sight,
throwing long bars of . burnished gold
athwart the horizon. The air was Boit ,
and balmy, and the dreamy hum of insect
life floated in to Mr. Middlerib a3 he sat
and drank in the glory of the scene.
So peaceful, so fraught with every attri
bute of nature that he loved was it all
that Middlerib wondered if he could stand
so much happiness 365 days running.
He was just about to bjeak into a Dean
of praise for his good fortune when there
was the sound as of a smalt but energetic
hurricane coming down the street. Min
gled with the tramping of heavy animal
feet came : ■
"Wi.oa! who-oh-oh-oo! wboal Yon
son of a thief!" Whack! whack! biff!
"Head him off, Bill! Whoa!"
A bie gray mule, with a paintbrush tail,
came skirmishing down the road ahead of
a mob of boys and men, head and tail in
tbe air, and doing his best to kick every
animated object that came within range.
It was plain that one of Mr. Wbackem's
males bad got loose, and Middierib's sur
mise was proved correct when the honest
teamster and bin three sons appeared in
hot pursuit. Middlerib groaned as the
animal was cornered and his dream of
rural bliss fled.
; "Whoa ! Don' throw him ! Whoa, you
son of Balaam's! Look oat for his heels,
Bill. Hee-haw, hee-haw. . Hold on, Tom.
Hurry up. Git down the road furder.
Bill. Chorus— Whoa. whoa. Hee-haw.
hee-haw. Dog-gone the diddledy dog-,
gone mule to thunder. Whoa!"
The cavalcade passed on and Middlerib
looked anxious and sad. .....
"Sook-kee, Book-kee, Sook-kee.. 1 '
': It sounded like the steam calliope of the
circus, but it was only Captain Pookaeck
calling his cow. V*
"Sook-kee, Sook-kee, Suke, Suke!
Come, Suke!" he yelled, emphasizing his
call by banging vigorously on the bottom
'of a -big tin milkpail with' the leg of a j
mil king-stool.
Mr. Middlerib buried his nervous fin
gers in bis hair and tried to pull the top
of bis head off. ; ',
After viewing the prison you may — if not
legally embarrassed — continue the ride to
San Rafael, Petaluma, Fairfax, San Au
selmo or Roes station.
From San Anselmo begins the cycler's
road to Camp Taylor, and up the Russian
River or its picturesque tributaries. From
Koss station you wiil find it worth while
to follow tbe Lagunitas to Liberty.
To got iito the depths of a rclwood for
est you must go to Camp Tayior or Caze
dero. The start is made from San An
selmo, but it is necessary to wa.k over
White's Hill, the road being too steep and
crooked to ride in either direction. Once
beyond this forbidding eminence you
plunge into a real wilderness. Some of
the trees are veritable giants. Two cyclists
with their wheels may stand within the
hollow trunk of one old redwood that
tow rs 200 feet overhead. It is difficult to
realize that this is only a two hours' ride
from home.
The river now is running full and is
crossed by many a rustic bridge. Dragon
i flies, gli3tening in tl c sunshine, dart
before your eyes and song birds are every
where. Why waste your iile hours in the
city? Up, mount your wheel and tind
health and happiness here in the wild
wood. E. E. Curtis.
While the retired mariner was bawling
for his cow the hurricane returned.
g It came in a whirlwind of dust, whoops,
paint-brush tails, clods and sticks.
■ From the center of disturbance shot
forth bawls, brays, yells, and presently,
just as Pookdeck's cow emerged from an
alley just in time to join in the festivities,
the discordant clangor of a cowbell.
Pookdeck ran out into the street to try
to head off the procession, while Middlerib
sank on his knees and crammed his
lingers into bis ears.
Just as Pookdeck had howled in his
best storm-at-sea voice, "What'n tnunder's
chasm' that, keow?" Dr. Pilistuff's dog
keeping an eye on tne entire neighbor
hood — dashed across the street and tan
gled up the whole works right in front of
Middlerib's house.
The complicated movements that fol
lowed placed the captain right in line, and
he was promptly tossed over the Middle
rib fence into a garden urn, where he lay
howling like a dervish for whisky and
arnica.
While Middlerib was administering
these to .the suffering ex-mariner the cow
and mule, hemmed in on one side by the
Waackem cohorts and on the other by
the Pillstnff canine, bulged through the
fence a yelling, braying, barking, vocifer
ous mass that ruined $116 worth of plants
and upset the owner of the property, car
rying . him and Captain Pookdeck . out
into the alley and trampling on every
square inch of their anatomies before the
convention adjourned.
] The Middierib place was advertised for
Bale the next day and Middlerib says that
while there are some pleasant features
about country life, he feels that in justice
to his heirs he ought to stick to business
as long as his health holds [rood. -.■•■
: ,; John P. Reynolds.
' . ' ' ' ~~ ■." • , • ...
By different nations every day in the
week is apart lor public worship San
day by the Christians,; Monday by the
Greek*, Tuesday by the Persians, "Wednes
day by the .Assyrians,.. Thursday by th«
■Egyptian's, Friday by the Turks, and Sat
urday by the Jews.
♦ — ♦ ♦ ,
The notes of the Bank of England cost
exactly one half penny each. '
2728
FASHION'S FADS AND FANCIES
Parisian .Models for Easter
tide.
This week is to be exceedingly gay, and
numerous are tho beautiful frocks being
designed for tne dinners, dances and
lunches, so a description of some Parisian
creations will be welcome.
At a recent dinner several gowns were
especially mentioned, among others cne
of velvet-glace hortensiaand mauve, made
with a iong plain skirt and low pointed
bodice with tulle and tufts of hydran
gea round the low-cut neck. Speaking
Of evening toilettes the fad for the mo
ment is to nave the nocks all cut square,
and they are not as low as formerly. A
youthful bride possesses a rarely charm
ing white taffeta; *lie low bodice is veiled
with fine lace covered with a dainty pat
tern; a full lace flounce is arranged so as
to fall as an epaulet over the short,
si gbtly puffed sleeves of the taffeta,
which are first veiled with tulle sprinkled
with crystal beads that sparkle like dew
drops under the lace.
Two lace shawis ars used to drape tne
skirt, but how they are so carefully
manipulated Is a mystery which only an
expert dressmaker could comprehend.
White orchids and convolvuli adorn the
bodice, and the convolvuli are to be
great favorites for both hats and gowns
this summer. The same bride is reported
to be a vision of loveliness in a dinner
costume of rich tinted velours raoire
trimmed most artistically with rare old
lace. This is carried down one side of the
skirt, across the front. The bodice is
ulashed in points, showing a velvet two
shade* darker beneath, veiled with lace.
Velours nioire is enjoying great popu
larity, and as a result several brides have
selected it for their wedding dresses.
At a large dinner in Paris, given about
three weeks aeo, the beauty and simplicity
of the Countess TourieUi's dress was
remarked, it being of white moire,
spangled witu tiny silver spangles in the
water-mark. "The skirt was made demi
train. A wide scarf of point d'Angleterre
came from the right shoulder across the
front of bodice to tne left hip, whence it
fell at the back lite a sash end, with a few
Parma violets intermixed; another lace
end to match fell at the back, stat ting from
the waistband of satin, the color of the
violets. The bodice seemed entirely of
point d'Angleterre, draped and arranged
to form the shore sleeves, from which fell
a fringe of Parma violets on the arm. The
cream Kid gloves had long lace tops,
fastened around the arm at the top with
violet ribbon; white siiK stockings em
broidered with mauve, and amethyst satin
shoes completed this elegant dress. Com
tesse de Fels wore a pretty gown of tur
quoise satin, made in princess shape, and
draped with pale blue tulle powdered
with silver spangles; tins was looped on
■ he left aide with bunches of pink poppies,
having black centers powdered with
diamond dust; the low bodice was draped
with tulle like a crossed ticbu, and round
the shoulders a bouilionne of tulle with
pink j oppies nestled in it; poppies also on
the shoulder; satin waistband, enriched
with jewels."
At a similar affair great was the ad
miration t-xcited by a creation ol white
China crepe. Round the bottom of the
skirt vas wrought with pearls aud gold Ha
beautiful design. Tne tram of feuille de
rose saiin wa» made separate and lined
DESCRIPTION OF HAT.
An 1837 poke for an 1897 girl. This deliehtiul poke is made of baby straw. The brim is
lined beneatb with ruffliiigs of soft whitj chiff n resting on a bandeau of pinK roses, while a
bunch of feathers is fixed on to the high-pointed crown, and It in tied under the chin with
whtte wide itrings. Wide strings arc the fashion at the moment
with white mtin, and rested on a thick
ruche of white satin ribbon. The train
was adornefl on the left side with a twist
of pink tolle, held in nt intervals with
pink ribbons. On the left side was a lone
trail of white lilacs and roses that followed
the side seam of the train. The low bodice
was really delightfully pretty, being of
pink and white tulla ornamented with
flowers.
Ball dresses are b»ing made in large
numbers of white or colored tulle in Paris,
London and New York. The tulle is
literally covered with spangles, and is
draped or pieale-1 over white or colored
slips. The ekirt* nre round, and the
bodice« lavisr.ly trimmed with lulls and
the most wonderful of artificial flowers;
and this season great advance hns been
made in the art of manufacturing flowers;
indeed, it may be almost said that man
has succeeded in rivaling nature in the
perfection of his handiwork, for blossoms
never reproduced before ar» now lo be had.
»nd our favorites— the roses, violets,
daisies, pansies and lilies of the valley —
have been so improved as to make all those
m?de in the years gone by look very
ordinary.
One of ihe new models is a black gauze '
dress, with narrow satin stripes, tie skirt i
plain in front, plisse »t the back, edged !
with a small gathered flounce with pleate 1 j
head; at the top of this skirt a wide
cream lace is laid on flat, to simulate long
pointed basques; the same lace placed on
the bodice meets it in front and thus sim- j
ulates a long jacket front, drawn in with j
a white satin waistband with bow at the !
bacic. The bodice has a flat back, and the
iron' plisse with yoke of lace, and epau
lets ot three flounces plisses over moyen- j
age sleeves falling over the hand; high j
white satin neckband with a sznall plisse ;
ot the same at the back. Ail the gauze
of this dress is mounted over dark blue i
silk. Another pattern dress is pearl gray
taffetas, the skirt plain and round, with '
three small godets at the back, the lower j
part of the skirt braided in a large pat
tern with gold and silver braid, edt:ed j
with a line of gray gauze; the taffetas
bodice is covered with this gauze, striped ,
with gold and silver braid, a yoke of the
same braided across with a pattern like j
the skirt. Plain sleeves gathered at the I
seams, the top formed by a bouffant of
three taffetas flounces edged with doubled
gauze. Neckband and waistband of cerise
saiin with enamel buckie, red and gold,
and two little cerise bows on the left side j
in the cause of the bouffant.
Extremely dainty is a creation owned i
by a young woman with golden hair aDd j
a complexion that would delieht an ar
tist, so delicate are the tints. It is of a i
lettuce-green shade of mousseleine de j
soieand sun pleated. White lace insertions
cut across the pleating, great skill being
shown in the particular direction which is ;
f iven to these lines, as it is quite possible,
merely by transverse lines of lace, to ac
centuate width at the shoulders and slen- ;
derness at the waist— likewise to impart
some beautiful curves to the full skirt.
This dress is cut ala redingote. By this I j
mean that it is an overdress with fronts j
opening from front to hem. The under- j
dress, which is perfectly en evidence j
whenever the wearer moves, is of white
India silk, pleated. At the throat the
green chiffon is turned back in the form
of a deep shirred collar of the chiffon.
The waist is encircled with a little belt of
white satin shaped to the figure aud !
pointed at the back.
Laferriere is an undisputed authority, i
so his advice is always valuable. SpeaK
ing of his firm a correspondent states that ■
ii i 9 busily employed in making up gren- j
adine gauzes, light chine silks, and very
line cashmere, with trimmings of white j
embroidery in the guipure style, lace and f
braided gaions. The skirts are not made
so wide, but always cored and plain at the
top, and are either plain or plisse soleil, or
with flounces according to the material
employed. The bodices have immense
revers, also Boleros separate or initated j
with trimming; some match the skirt, I
others are quite different, but are made
bouffant in front, well drawn in toward
the waist, and rinished with silk or velvet
bands ot a contrasting color. As eiarai le,
a plain round skirt of light woolen beige j
had a vandyked pattern of narrow black {
velvet round the hem, the bodice was en- I
tirely different, made of orance taffetas !
glace, with white pleated; in the middle j
of the back and front a wide band of white
embroidery over orange silk going down,
witha Vandyke of black velvet on each
side. The sleeves, gathered at the seam,
bouffant at the top, waistband of orange
silk with small bow standing up at tne
bacK.
A good gown of black satin— made
here— has on the skirt a series of three
frills of accordion-plaited scarlet tulle;
the biack bodice is covered with the tulle,
and the square necK ia outlined with a
row of the brightest crimson poppies, with
velvety black centers. The belt is of biack
satin. Such a com bination is correct at the
present moment when a dash of crimson
is declared the thing about almost every
costume and hat; indeed so greatly is it
in favor that I hear of one leader of lash
ion who Das ordered a complete set ot
crimson lingerie, as that color is most be
coming to her. I certainly do not care for
such fads in underwear, preferring white,
the palest blue or a delicate pink. Even
gloves are stitched in crimson, eutiie p&ra
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
sols of scariet silk are shown, but, except* •
ing for use at the seaside or in the coun- '
try, they are to be most carefully avoided,
j being far too gay and conspicuous for gen
eral use.
Foulards are justly popuhr, so excellent
I and cheap are they, and so lovely when ,
\ handled carefully. One of our best-known >
houses here hai been selling them at 50 :
cents per yard, and those offered have
been artistic in design and dainty in col !
| oring. Imagine how a Sevrea blue fou
lard would look made with a skirt plain at
! the top, having three flounces round the j
. bottom edged with black lace and headed i
: with a band of white lace put on in seal- !
I lops! The foulard bodice fits snugly aud i
j is beautified at the top with wide plisses, j
I forming a deep collar with white lace; i
i long gathered sleeves, with pleated
i flounces forming epaulets at the shoulders.
Gray is exceedingly fashionable, and
i one cuic gown of the new satin cloth is
I made with^ basqued jacket which has
I open fronts. A white satin band ancir
i cles a slender waist and is secured in the
back with two rhiuestone buttons. The
I vest is of white chiffon crossed just
below the necfc with v latticework of nar
j row green velvet helu down with tiny
; rhinestone buttons. Tae vest is made
over white satin, but the lining of the en
tire gown is of a taffeta silk light green in
shade. Another visiting dress is made of
one of the new soti corded woolens of t!ia
J fashionable smoke shade. The front of
' the bodice displays lines of drawn thread
i intermingling with rows of gold and black
! embroidery, made up pinafore fashion
over white satin and chiffon, a frill of lace
I at the throat, and the sleeves arranged
j with diagonal tucks in sets of three. It
was accompanied by a short cape, like a
sacque - backed coat with cape sleeves.
; The bat was quite charming, black, and
was trimmed with the new brilliant gauze
and black plumes, but made with a dou
: ble brim, having so;t cerise poppies peep
inc between the two.
Those in mourning are welcoming with
j feelings of relief the handsome etamines,
| which are being made over the best tuf-
I feta silk for summer wear. They are re
l ported to make up stylishly and to be de
lightfully cool and comfortable.
Ginghams and Etamines.
They are, if possible, more dainty than
! ever. Some I much admire have wide
i pink and white stripes figured in moire
! effect. Of course all colors are obtainable
\ and make up charmingly. In all the linen
shades are shov/n the Egyptian and the
Lanpett tissues, as welt as in every tint
and color. These must all be made over
I solid colors, presumably over silk slips,
1 although I see one writer says on this sub
i ject: ''The silk nnderdresses, however,
! are no longer considered indispensable,
and the colored lawns whicti are used in
stead do not cost nearly so much." Still,
I advise you all to keep on using silk if
you wish such frocks to be a success, for
| the saving of a few dollars will cause you
more annoyance than enough if you have
j the usual experience with lawns.
Etamine in grenadine effects is in great
voeue, and you can have it in plaids,
stripes, checks and in linen tints with
I silken embroidery.
Those in mourning are welcoming, with
j a feeling of relief, the very handsome eta
| mines, which are made over the best taf-
I feta silk for summer wear. They are de
lightfully cool and comfortable.
So great is the beauty of the new bro
caded silks that both the young and old
will order them in large quantities for
dinner gowns, and the colored etamines
are simply bewitching on account of their
possibilities of combinations, especially
when ribbons and oriental embroideries,
are artistically employed.
From Paris has just come a gown in
which lettuce green is used as a good con
trast to a dark blue fancy canvas. The
double materials are novelties illustrated
by a pink figured canvas, with black
grenadine interwoven on its surface. In
another French dress this formed the
skirt, sleeves and back of the bodice, the
full front being of satin that matched the
canvas, and over it was a black lace
zouave with white lace applique and jet;
extending down the front was a pli-se ot
cbiffou and butter-colored insertion,
which was also car ied aroun 1 the throat.
Mohair canvas will continue in favor lor
all dusty occasions anil the kismet suiting
is to be extensively worn for golf and
bicycle suits.
Walking.
The art of walking is certainly not un
derstood by many women, and a critic,
writing from New York, anxiously in
quires why so many well-built, stylish
young women are walking heel tirst, jerk
ing their shoulders and moving their arms
with a rotary motion. Such questions
would take some time to answer, for cer
tain most ungraceful motions of the body
have bo en taken up at times by foolish
young women, who would have more
sense could they but realize how com
pletely they ruin the effect and style of
the most chic of gowns and jackets by
such nonsense.
It is perfectly true that most children
are not taught to walk properly, they
teuca themselves with greater or less suc
cess.
A bright American, while visiting at
Aix les Bains, met a young woman, with
whom she took several long walks. After
the first excursion she began to notice
that her companion felt le>s fatigue than
she did, and always returned with her
skirts in excellent condition, even when
the roads had been either muddy or
dusty. This state of affairs caused her
considerable surprise, so at length she
asked for an explanation, and was prompt
ly told that her acquaintance had
taken a course of walking lessons, so she
i writes: " I soon sought her instructor,
and have ever since profited by his in
struction. Now lam mistress of tho situ
ation as well, and can likewise not only
walk greater distances and with less
fatigue than formerly, and return with
j garments equally nice, but I find that said
garments will remain in condition longer
than before, and that my carriage is
astonishingly improved.
"The following is the formula, which is
piven here in order that men, women and
children may become their own trainers
and instructors, if they have first the de- I
sire to do all thing* as well as possible: j
Hold the body erect, with the head up;
walk from the waist, not the Knees; bend
the knees, pick up the feet and walk on
the ball of the foot. This insures a cer
tain elasticity and buoyancy, so that the
pedestrian almost feels that he is tread
ing on air or walking on rubber tires, so to
speak."
«How to Lift Our Skipts.
At least a dozen times l have wished to
touch on this topic, but could not satisfy
myself thut I Had made my explanation
lucid, but Vogue covers the points I ae
sire.l 10 make clear in these few lines:
"Throw the extra back fullness of the
skirt over the back of the hand (which
should be closed) and placed as a handle
at one side of the body and slightly bend
the forearm forward. The fullness of tiie
skirt will thus bo found to remain in
place, and will not cause the fatigue to the
nand ana wrist that one experiences In the
old way of holding so much weight of
material in the band. This is a decided
saving on gloves, since it does not s-tretch
them, or soil them, or cause the hand to
become overheated, and skir.s lifted in
this way look much more graceful than
1. Gown of pavement trray, fine cloth, trimmed with braid. The Mttle bolero has epaulet
sleeves and closes on the left snouider. Silk waist of short rose and greou.
2. Gowu of silk aud wool mixed, trimmed witb bilk to match and narrow black velvet
ribooii.
when they are held in the hand. One's
anatomy is also less liable to be ernpba
■ized. and it gives one an ease and cer
tainty that all the fullness is properly
looked after, while at the same time, petti
coat, ankles and shoes ate more becom
ingly exposed. Even with care and atten
tion and the anj-ropnating of suggestions,
such as the above, in spite of all some
women return home from a walk bedrag
gled and begrimed, while a companion
does not."
Tfyree Periods.
Thos* who have enJDyed weekly the
bright and witiy stories told by A.bert D
Vandain doubtless were given food for re
flection when they read this paragraph:
"Women wlio have not had the com
mand of money all their live*, and who
BUt<deni> tind themselves able to spend
large, or comparatively large, sums on
dress, provided dress anpeals to them,
generally traverse three periods. They
begin by ordering extravagantly and in
di-criminatingly, flinging money broad
cast. Then a period of discrimination —
one might say of deliberate hypercriti
cism — seis in, which costs to tlio lull as
much as the tirst. They no longer wish
to look like every one else, but aim at ex
clusiveness of material as well as cut.
The third period is the attempt to replace
the waning charms by every means the
milliner, dressmaker and nairdresser can
suggest, and at no matter what CMC"
In Olivia
Ellen Terry has been wearing a bewitch
ing cap which is beins universally copied,
so 1 describe It as besi I can. It is caught
up in a point with a knot of ribbon above
the hair and frames tlie face most fascinat
ingly. I have changed my mind; instead
of a description allow me to refer you to
an illustrated copy of the Vicar of Wake
field. It is said to be a correct reproduc
tion of the cap in whicn we usually see the
fair Olivia. Exactly when our fair maids {
are going to wear such caps the corre- i
apondentdoes not state and I bin at a loss
to understand. However, we mint know
all that is going on in the fashionable
world, so do not say I have so much as
omitted a cap.
In this quaint play we can readily com
prehend how great an effect the delightful
frocts produce, for in those days the
women draped the softest and creamiest of
muslin fichus about their throats, frilled
their short sleeves and looped back their
gowns to show a bright petticoat of crim
son stuff.
These costumes were so well received
that one fashion journal goes so far as to
predict that before the summer is over we
will be wearing very similar dresses, hut
in England the revival of the early Vic
torian styles is being warmly discussed
and one fair Duchess will shortly give a
great hall at which all her guests will wear
the garments lasuioned after tlioso of sixty
years ago.
Eastern .Noveities.
A bright mind his evolved a new idea
which promises to become very >>opuiar,
and de^ervi-dlv so. It in called picture
dressing, and is the result of careful
studies made by modistes of portraits of
women painted by famous artists.
There is no particular style that governs
this newest method of selecting costumes,
except the individuality of the person
who is to wear what is sought.
The effect is invariably successful. A
recent instance oJ this was the case of a
very graceful young woman who wore a
dre-s copied from one seen in a painting
by Sir Joshua Reynolds. This dress wai
veiled in lace, and boasted of a train clev
erly disposed like a regal mantle of red
velvet, a deep Venetian royal red that
ma'ched the liquid light of rubies.
One very pleasant fealure of this idea is
that it enables the use of costumes worn
ever so long ago, and which the owners
bad possibly believed to be so thoroughly
out of style that it would be hopeless to
try to utilize them. It is a fact that any
style, If it is only a picture dress, will do,
always provided it is becoming, and this
has resulted in many a fashionable woman
saving half her usual wardrobe expenses.
There is nothing difficult about follow
ing this fashion. All that one need to do
is to visit the portrait section of some art
gallery, and there find the picture of some
lady of long ngo robed in a fashion which
will be truly becoming to the visitor.
Thon she can say when she dons her new
gown, even though it be an old one fixed
over, that she had made it after the style
ot the dress worn by one of the ladies
whom Sir Joshua Reynolds had painted,
or that it was an exact copy of the attire
of a Gainsborough beauty. Certainly it is
a very clever fad, and as this is the season
of economy, or rather the year of it, every
woman should hail the idea with extreme
satisfaction.
It looks more and more as if embroidery
was going 10 play a moie important part
than ever in evening dress. Plain skirts
will suraly look conspicuous. The em
broidery is filling up the hiatus between
the absence of any trimming at all and
draped and trimmed skirts which are
coming our way— slowly it may be, but
surely.
The effect of these long lines of fine
work in velvet, outlined with silver, crys
tal and brilliants up the seams, is excel
lent It gives height to the figure and im
portance to the skirt, a part of our dress
which during the epoch of voluminous
sleeves was somewhat neclected, save only
so far as fit aud cut were concerned. At
present the balance is much more equal,
and this is greatly to our advantage. It
is a fashion, 100, thnt is kind to women
who are not tali, and isalso not altogether
out of place with those unfortunate per
sons who are inclined to stoutness, while
tiiey lack in height.
Of course, there is a wide range in em
broidery, and a dress may be made as
costly as one pleases, but the idea is capa
ble of being utilized by all of us whose
purses are as short as our wants are long.
Then, too. there are many effective sub
stitutes for embroidery. One of tiie.-e,
which I can recommend, is chine gauze
ribbon. The design may be outlined and
jeweled at home, and the effect is all that
could be desired. Then there are jetted
and jeweled galons which may be used
over and ov«r aeain.
It is said, too, that before long tapering
sprays of embroidery will be sold all
ready to apply to the seams of the even
ing gowns. There are already those in
lace which can be wrought with brilliants
at intervals and thus made exceedingly
effective.
Professional Golfers
Will shortly be in great demand as
women are showing more an i more inter
est in this most bealthful exercise since
they discovered how greatly it would
beautify their figures. Women who know
NEW TO-DAY.
Imperial Hair Regenerator
■ -^^-: . i will make the hair beauti-
dflsfcC\ tul, glossy and natural.no
W^ShSki nutter how Streaky,
J«Mnnl. ACHBD or GRaY It
r^/tIfTL(VI It is dean, odorless, last-
\t-i]/Jl JHR ing. • It does not contain an
>'/*/t Bbi atom of poisonous matter.
jTL'H ulv Baths do not afiect it,
Al'Tj ' MjS neither does curling or
/> rflj' Bra primping. Incomparable
ft t VJfl f/'B for the Br-ARl> on account
l/rfft.B?a It I of its durability and clean-
Blonile. jSPyfS*
Price ?1 50 and 7**7
... ; $3 00.
- -. Sole Manufacturers ana Patentees:
Imperial Chemical Mfg. Co., 292 Fifth av.. N. T.
For nale by DrusreisU and H-»irdres«ers. In
San. Francisco «old and applied; by Stanislas
Stroayn»W and Goldstein & Cohu. :
anything about the game do not require a
teacher, who can only explain the intrica
cies of coif, but one who understands
what it means to play in skirts and cor
sets. Therefore, here is another opening
for feminine enterprise, as no man could
possibly teach them how to overcome the
problem of petticoats in relation to this
game, as for them golf must be modified,
it being impossible for a woman to com
pete with men on even terms hampered
with her skirts.
An experienced golfer says: "The pro
fessional man golfer, is whatever country
you find him. is not able to teach a
woman to 'drive,' 'put' or 'lift' in a grace
ful woman fashion. Put him into a
woman's dress, and perhaps he might in
time evolve some golf-strokes leveled
down to skirt limitation, but it is doubt
ful. Start woman professionals, and the
same will assume a more charming as
pect. And women who at present play a
shocking game because they are striving
to rival a man's attitude and mannerism
might play admirably if they learned
their strokes from a woman's point of
view."
Undoubtedly these sentiments ara lauda- |
ble ones. The danger of most snorts is |
that women are apt to emulate men in
spit* of the inevitable handicap of sex.
But I must confess I should prefer seeing
novices taught to play the game in a
womanly way by competent amateurs,
simply for the love of the thing, without
widening the already too wide bounds of
professionalism. Marcella.
Fop .Men.
For evening and frock coats 1 have no
changes to rucord, ail men having their
shoulders cut square, carefully avoiding
the slanting effect which is so strikingly
unbecoming to the best of figures, and it
shouid be remembered that exaggerations :
of all kinds are to be studiously avoided i
by men wiio desire to be correctly garbed,
and such men never allow their tailors to !
send them home clothing that lacks mdi- I
viduality; but a man must let his tailor I
see that he understands what is correct, j
otherwise be will not take in nine cases :
out of ten a proper amount of interest in '
his customer.
In this country the sack coat is very !
popular for business. It has two side I
pockets and no breast pockets, as the !
breast pocket has gone entirely out of j
style, as 1 before noted, as our handker- |
chiefs must be kept out of sight, and in
no coat whatever can there be more than
two outside pockets, and the frock coat !
never has any vis.b e one.
The felt hat is in vogue in London, and
some of the best turned out young men
are ordering hats to match the color of j
their suits, grays and browns of many
tones being in demand.
Tne evening shirt with a single stud is ;
not in favor, those having three being
now considered corroct.
Cuffs are now perfectly square in shape,
and the collar may be sai i to be higher
and more uncompromising than ever, i
Smart men occasionally wear detached !
collars, but detached cuffs are not perm is- i
sible.
Him tells us that for the evening we
may "wear sm ill gold studs of a dull fin- '
ish. Link cuff buttons of gold — Roman i
finish — with your monogram engraved I
thereon. Wear no other jewelry, good, !
bad or indifferent."
Concerning glovos I note that dogskin i
and chevette will be the smartest, for j
glace kids are too shiny and dressy and :
the white kid excepting for evening wear
baa vanished, but it is still worn at many !
weddings in place of the pearl gray.
J^J-J>_ ■••■•■■-■■•• ; ' '.' .*•'.'•_•'"' NEW , ' TO-D AT *'. .^ U*rf,«j«*iij_aj
CITYOF^PAEIS!
A GREAT SALE THIS WEEK
. . . . OIF
250 TAILOR=MADE SUITS—Just Opened!
LATEST STYLES! UNEQUALED VALUES!
AT $10.50
THFSF 512.50
• 111 «/m/ ■ > » _^
5^V :M-4\J TV Ctil P=s^^
PRICES : $i8,50
A SUIT AND UPWARD.
2000 ELEGANT SHIRT WAISTS, cotton fabrics, perfect fit, at
At 75, 85c, 95c, $1.35 Etc.
HEW SILK WAISTS 53.75, &5.00, $«.5O and upward.
IVKIV PARASOLS AT £1.50.
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. V V
SB lIABLA ESI'ANOIj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLE DE PARlS— Branch House, 223 S. Broadway, Los Angeles
Freud's Corset House. %Jj& I fiWRFNrF
SPECIAL SALE OF CORSETS. 'JR LH * * nLIIUL
twfwPzj twin t* rEi
200 DOZSN LADIES' I'ERPECT FITTING §jP» r "5 - V UV I LSlll
FKEKCH MUUKL 2?»i A-~ \l\ I T 11/l
BLACK AND DRAB CORSETS, «rh ° ' ° ' Lm '
KIDUC ► D PROM »1 50 TO ,L Q/^J-J^ y^,^'^i\''i.7m^,
100 DOZEN PKRFECT-FITTING BLACK YrT7# ! s7' without trying on.
11ll 1 ll 1 E '; l ' IlAB Ml! <128 ' WILL \tnE3Dt PATTERNS.
tit. 1 Lu>hl> a 1 loc Ua-,' I J r* x\
'13 W^,^, Sis <^ 9=s^ 126 0 FARRELL ST.,
g" 5 " S = - AND 123i HARKET-ST.
j|Ji- : ll|jj| \W I?! ....- ■= REMOVED
-•^^ %ii^\i\\Wl \•- S«ft From. 1170 Market Street, over "The naze."
*-> •* HyJ v»i\ 'iffl ' f — ; ~ E9Sf^B^HHr>TTmV^niT3Trn^l^B^^^lß3^
sill -$gM I |yi| NJ ~ lSM^lll^iliniVJ^ty:^>Jt]iY'A ?s/^J
55 ;•.'•";' ■ ' ■" ■ Removes superfluous hai- by means of this
"• „ __^«.__ ■ electric needle, without pain or scar, n .rl
CORSETS MADE TO ORDER AND EL- warts< etc . t also removed. Permane
PAIRED. KIT GUAKAXTKKD. guaranteed. .... J
JO- Mall Orders receive prompt attention. . ^_____ ____ Mmmmm ' m^ "" v ' "
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free. Mm^VtOU WILCOX COMPOUND
Make No Mistake In Our Address,
M. freud & son, 1^^":^;;;
342-744 larktt St. and 10-12 6rat Are. | WimffiiS^cßTOihißnK
The latest importations of plaid and
tartan ties are deserveily popular.
GOLF AND CYCLING SUITS.
There is to be ;i distinctive line drawn
this summer between golf and cycle suits,
and briefly it may be said that goii
knickers will have quarter-cuffs of bo 4
cloth closing with four or five button-.
Cycle knickers will not have quarter-cuffs,
bin a strap buckie at the knee. Many
men, however, will pay but slight atten
tion to this distinction ; not a few like the
quarter-top and turned-over-top goif hose,
and will not make the change at fashion's
dictate. _ C. C
Shoe Eyelets.
There are many tiling* which are sold
by the gross, and not a few that are sold
by the thousand, but there are not many
that are sold by the million. Among tho
things that are so soU, however, are shoe
eyelets.
Shoe eyelets are made of brass by ma
chines, whose operation is almost entirely
automatic. Three or four machines are re
quired to produce the eyelet in the form in
which it is sold, the brass being fed into
the tirst machine in thin, flat strips. As
sold to the shoe-manufacturer the eyelet
is turned down at one end only. Tne eye
lets look as much asanything likeso many
little hats with narrow brims and without
any tops in the crowns. The upper end
of the crown, which is like the end of a
little cylinder, is put through the eyelet
hole in the shoe, the finished brim or
flange of the eyelet resting against the
leather upon the outside. After the eye
let has thus been put in place its inner
end is turned down upon the leather by a
machine made for that purpose. In the
manufacture of the eyelets a number of
very slight vertical indentations are made
at equal distances apart in the outside of
the eyelet around tne prnooth, straight
end. When tiie shoe machine smashes
down tiie inner side of the eyelet the f
metal parts at these indentations and is
spread uniformly, thus giving it a secure
bold.
Eyelets are made of various sizes in di
ameter and of various lengths of shank or
cylinder, according to the thickness ot the
material with which they are to be used,
and after they come from the machines
they are fini3hed in great variety. Some
are finished white — these are silver plated;
some arp gilt finished and some are cop
pered. Eyelets are japanned in black or
in various shades or russet. They are in
fact made in any size and of any color
tiiat may be desired. Sooner or later the
i spanning wears off, exposing the bras?.
Tnere are now ma ie sho* eyelets that are
covered with celluloid, which keep their
color, but these are much more expensive
than the kind commonly used.
Shoa eyelera arc packed in boxes con
taining 1000, 10 000, 100,000, 250,000 and
500,000 each. Eve.ets of the kinds most
commonly used are sold, according to
sizes and styles, at prices ranging irom $6
to $135 a million. Some of the celluloid
eyelets sell for as much as $500 a million.
The sale of shoe-eyelets depends, of
course, somewhat upon the prevailing
style of shoe. When button-shoes are
more generally worn not so many shoe
eyelets are sold, but the numDer sold is
always very large.
Eyelets are made for a wide variety of
uses, up to tne great eyelets that are sewed
into the corners of sails, through which
sail is lathed to the end of the boom or
yard. Talcing them altogether tne num
ber is enormous Of shoe styles alone
tnere are sold in this country some ihou
sands of millions annually.— New York
Sun.
A handy sunshade or canopy for drivers
is formed of a light metal" or wooden
frame, to be strapped to the body just
under the arms and extending upward 'o
support a canvas top attached to a flaii
frame over the head.Fraternal Bonds
Kiiifj Solomon's I.odjjp.
The bunding committee of King Solomon's
Lodge, F. and A. M., which has under its di
rectlon tbe matter of building a new hall ior i
the lodge has f irmed a corporation under the j
name of the Western Addition Hall Association
■v.:.': the fallowing-named directors and of
ficers: G. Guuzendorier, president; George R. '
F. etcher, vice-pn sident ; William Filmer,
treasurer; Henry Haehr, secretary ; W. C. Wise,
A. m. Kay ton, J H. Goldman, L. Schilling. A.
M. Blade and G. \\ . Wutnian. Tne DOhrd o:
directors will sunn advertise for p.ans, and it
expects to start the wortc in a short time.
This lodge has been unusually busy of late.
It recently conferred the first degree "on eight
candidates, and it has work enough on hairl
at thi« time to keep it busy for several months
Order of the Kailern Star.
Semper Fidehs Chapter of Livermore will, I
tomorrow evening, have a district meeting,
on which occasion ihe worthy grand matron
and the worthy grand patron will be present I
There will be present a large delegation from I
Oakland.
Upcn tlie petition of the members of King
Solomon Lodge, a new chapter of the order
will be instituted in the Western Addition.
It was expected that it could be instituted j
this week during the presence in this City of I
the worthy grand patron and the worthy j
grand matron, but the meeting of the Royel j
Area Masons and the Grand Commandery will,
it is thought, prevent the institution.
'ihe district meeting of O k Leaf Chapter of '
Oakland will be held on Thursday next.
Ivy i hauter hao a large and eKihuMnstic
meeting last Tuesday evening la Golden i.aie .
Commandery iiah. There was present a very
large percentage of me membership nnd vi«- j
itors from Oak Leaf Chapter oi Oakland, \
Klects of M'v'.esto, Golden Wave of San Lean- I
dro, Tuo.umne Mar of Sonora, Golden Gate,
Harmony mid Mission chapters. There were j
also present Mo«t Wor hy Grand Matron Mrs. ,
Mary E. Partridge, G rand Secretary Mrs. Kate ]
J. Wi.lats and G. B. Daniels, worthy patron of
oak Leaf Chapter.
During the eve-.irsr there were several initia- |
tionf, and the work was so well done mat it j
was the subject ot comment in glowing terms'
at a banquet given at the close of the meeting.
More tiian a hundred were around the festal !
board, and after the very excell-nt menu had \
been discussed, there we're short addresses by j
the most worthy grand matron, Mr. Daniels I
and Mrs. C >nrad of Tuo iimne Mar Chapter of j
t-onora. Daring the course of her address, 1
winch was full of heartfelt praise for the j
officers of Ivy chapter, the mos; worthy grand
matron announced that at the close of the !
month 6he would bs absent for some lime on i
official vitiations.
Worthy ...atron Millberry of Harmony Chap- j
ter, who was recently injured by an accident!
o:i the Sutro Hue of car . is improving, but she I
had not sufficiently recovered last Friday lo !
att<-ud th»- session of trie chapter.
The young ladies who are to give the mm- ;
strei entertainment for Golden Ghte Chapter
have been busy during the pait week rehears- i
ing >-o as to perfect themselves for the event to j
be given on the last day of the current month i
Jn Golden Gate 11:1!. The ladies wll: be "all ■
biackea up," and all will appear under
sf-sumed names, therefore it wih be difficult :
for those in the audience to recognize the par
tlcipanta.
The Odd Fellows.
Last Tuesday Golden Rule Encampment paid
a return visit to Unity Encampment. It was
the occasion of a gathering of a large number
of members of ihe order, and at a banquet that
followed the closing of the lodge there were
fehcitous addresses by M. M. Estce, J. F. Cros- |
ett, George T. Shaw, D. Sewell, W. H. Barnes
L. W. S. Downs; J. H. Young, chief patriarch of j
Sunset; J. L. Croibic, chief patriarch of Unity, I
and A. Le Gault, chief patriarch of Goideu
Rule Encampment.
On Wednesday evening Oriental Rebekah
Ledge tendered a reception to Mrs. Marion
Greenwood, president ot th« Rebekati Assem- |
b.y, and Grand Masier Warboys of the Grand i
Lodge. Mrs. George T. Shaw, noble grand, pre- \
s-ided. and acquitted herself in a manner that j
was most admirable. Tnere were present: ,
• .rand Secretary Shaw, Grand Secretary Mrs. |
Donoho of the Rebekahs, Past Presidents Mrs.
Allen and Mrs. Hawle;-. C. N. Fox, W. H.
Karnes, H. D Richardson of Vallejo, Judge A.
X Jones of Trinity. During the evening there !
w a> a creat deal o! eloquence, music and song, I
after which re.re-hments were served.
On t:ie 26th inst. ail the lodges ot Alameda
County will have a grand picnic in San Lo
renzo Grove In celebration of the anniversary
of tiie order.
L^yal Rebekeh Lodge will initiate five can
rii'la:es, ail gentlemen, at its next meeting.
A new lodge of ihe Rebekahs will soon be in- j
Ftnuied at the Mission. It is being organized I
A Leading Question for the
"Women's Congress."
FASHIONABLE GAMBLING IN WHIST..
The following letter we received from the
president of the Kate Wheelock Club of Port
land, Or., Mrs. L. \V. Sitton. We heartily in
dorse the sentiments herein contained. On
April 27, at the Hotel Walton in Phila
delphia, the women whist era of America will
meet to organize an institution that we hope
will spread over the entire country, to be
probably known as the "Women's Whist
• League." We hope they will take ud the !
question put forward by our correspondent. I
1 Certainly there is nothing that degrades the !
game of whist like gambling. No club should
be allowed to join any league that will
for one moment countenance the game being
flayed for slakes. The letter 1* as follow*:
POBTtASD, Or, April 11, l*-97.
To the Whist Editor of The Gill— Dfar -ir: .Not
ing in" Bos on papers the gr at excitement that
lias been created lii and about that city concerning
t so-call<d "fashionable gambling" amoii.- the
woman's whist clubs of U'alibam. Mass , I d sire
to call the at ten. lon of v our readeig to what I have
no doubt has been greatly overdrawn and exag
gerated,- but which, nevertheless, b s attracted
much attention to and adverse- criticism of ocr
much-loved game.
To quote from the Bouon Journal of March 23:
"The Watch City seems to have a new fad every
winter to occupy the lime of those women who
have plenfy of that article on hanl to dispose of
and this year progressive wh!s: has taken such a
Strong grip on the soctal-lovmg' women that even
the face). of strong men blanch and wonder where
It I* ROtug to end. Common whist lias loal its at
trnctio i; it was not exciting enough. There must
be prizes: an inc< ntlveto play, etc" Ihe women
are accused of jealousy and 111 will, temptation to
cheat In order to win prizes, of nt-giec. of i ome
duties to tbe discomfort o the aged and the chi -
dren, and are very strongly criticized and de
nounced by the pulpit and the ' worn n of the W.
C T. U. Kdltorlali a i pea red In the daily press,
and the <1 ffereat wbUt club) have nad a new
topic of conversation. . '.-»:*,»
» hile i cannot conceive how women who love
whl-.t can so far deb» the game as to do and to
be all that these women are accused of. I wish to
r»ise my voice In proclaiming against prize-play
ing. Let u» play whist for Ihe pore love of it, for
aclf-ievelopmeit. for an ..innocent recreation, for
, rest and relief fr m the many demands of a social
and domestic nature that come to all busy women.
1 any prizes given regularly in social clubs are
r ally of no value aud are only a temporary saiu-
c.0.t0 the fortunate w.i.ner. Honey thus •*
--i irifi-d, parti ularly in these times of distress and
poverty, could be vied for better purpose.
To make the, b gliest score by hour st means and
sclf-n Ifie reasoning i- of itself a satisfaction, and
"an ambition to secure it is a just and honorable one.
But to be paid for making that score is, without
doubt, an Incentive to many lor using unfair
by Mrs. J. M. Will!«ton and will be in the main
composed of members of Excel Lodge of
Odd Fellows and their lady relatives.
Grand Sire Fred Carleion has Issued a memo
rial day proclamation, requesting all suborni
naie lodges to assemble on the second Tuesday
in June, or such day as may be more conveni
ent, to engage in suitable exercise in memory
of their deceased brothers.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
On Saturday evening, 10th inst., the board
of corporate directors met at the office of the
Grand Recorder. This board constitutes the
committee on extension, to whom is intrusted
the extension work of the order. The matter
was considered at length, and steps were
taken to push the work vigorously during the
present year. The board consists of .William
H. Jordan, William Vinter, A. F. Mackay, G.
H. Babrs, D. S. Hirshberg, Samuel Booth,
j Frank 6. Poland, William Broderick, L. M.
' Mauz.-r and J. L. Mayon. ; ; > , '■ ' j;-
The grand master workman has announced
the following appointments: Deputy grand
master workman, F. S. Poland; grand lee
1 turer. Ed Danforth; committee on aprea.s
i and grievances— F. Adams, J. O. Lovejoy of Tv
! litre, and A. D. Jordan of San Diego; com-
I mitiee on laws and amendments — Guy H. Sal
! isbury of San Jose. James Booth of Los An
geles, W. W. Morrison of Oakland; board of
I arbitration— William H.Jordan, <_'. 11. Pun tun,
James N. Block, Herman Schaffner and C. F.
j Curry.
Up to the 16th inst. the grand medical ex
! aminer pasted upon 293 applications for the
; month of Apr I.
It is observed by the report of the supreme
j recorder, just at hand that the jurisdiction of
' .Hernia shows the largest gain of any juris
i diction in the United states for the month of
February, and tho figures lor the month of
{ March will undoubtedly show that this juris-
I diction is making a more rapid progress than
| any other in the order.
Harmony Lcdß' No. 9 will give a "smoker
and joker" on Thursday evening, May 6, at
Social Hatl, Alcazar building. The committee
having the matter in charge are Thomas Ryau
j C. S. Perm and Dr. F. F. Lord.
Grand Recorder Hirsnberg has been ap-
J pointed to represent the supreme master
i workman at the meeting of the Grand Lodge
; of Nevada, which will convene at Reno May
15. He will be accompanied by Grand Master
j Workman Vinter.
Kd Danforth. supreme representative-elect,
I left lor the East on Wednesday evening last
and will be present at the meeting oi t.ie Su
! preme Lodge, to be held In Milwaukee, Wls.,
, on June 8.
Prosperity Lodge No. 309, which was estab
] lished during the meeting of the Grand Lodge,
| initiated a number of candidates at its last
; meeting and has a large number oi app.ica
, uons pending. • .
Degree of Honor. ' - .
Alida UDohurch Lodge No. 6 will give an en
' tertainment oil the 19th inst.
Martha Lodge No. 39 of Fresno added seven
| new members to its roll in March. The sisters
| oi No. 39 are taking advantage of trie large
j increase in Yosemlte Lodge No. 171, and haVe
I succeeded in conferring the degree of honor
lon ma of its new members and their wives
Golden State Lodge No. 50 in Fores: gained
! eight n«w members in March, and are in
creasing the beneficial membership also
Crown of the Valley Lodge No. 47 of Pasa
; dena, Alida Upchurch No. 6 of San Jose Ivy
I No. 4 of Oakland, and Silver Spray No. 3 of San
1 Francisco initiated candidates last month
| At the recent meeting of Ivy, April 14, one
i of the sis ers secured the names of twelve
i others, who signified their intention to take
j out beneficiary certificates beiore the next
; meeting. Tae growth in this department has
j been encouraging during the past few months.
Tin. Native Sons.
The following shows the standing of a num
. ber of the parlors of the order from a financial
and membership standpoint: Mission Par
lor 286 members, amount of cash' on hand
$13,433; California Parlor, 458 members
i $12,596; Pacific Parlor, 248 member* $11
--330; Stockton Parlor, 263 members. $10,534;
| PiacerviUe Parlor. 136 members, $7003; Na
tional Parlor, 190 members. $6948; Eden Par
-I'ir, 77 member-. $6769; Sacramento Parlor,
2.3 member*. «6030: Santa Cruz Parlor 14
members, $5863, and Stanford Parlor ' "47
member-, $5787. '
W. K. Muler oi Stockton having by reason of
inaDility to attend to the dutie* oi bis office
in consequence of business engagements, re
■ sig:ieu as grand >! n '' Hl ol the Grand Parlor.
I H. R. McNoble has been elected to fill the va
cancy.
California, Sequoia. El Doraao and Yerba
Buena parlor* had initiations last week.
During the last two held meetings Redwood
ship " thirty-five to its member
: P« G ?r « lia.fI ia .f »tchman CO. Dunbar and
; fhu , G an ? -V arsnal L W. JulJiard were in
' rUT, «i J th , w * el ? ln tbe »»tere«of Santa
Rosa as the place ln which to hold the next
i Admission aay celebration.
The Golden Gate Drill Corps has got out
?? K m « T< !, ry i artistiC^ posterß call attent.on to
Mountains, to be given on the 25tn inst.
Tne Indications are that the session of Call
ornia Parlor at which California Camp of the
Decree of Argonauts is to be put into full
operation and the degrees conferred on nearly
!,. r . ,h !li l le!| Promises one of the greatest
events that have ever taken place in a local
parlor. The Argonaut degree has been pro-
I nounced by tnose who have witnessed its cx
i emp ideation to be superior in beauty of sen
[ timent and language and in the excellence of
means to that end. Will not the women of our
laud join in an effort to Iteep our beloved .came up
to the highest standard, free from ail unjust criti
cisms, and abolish prize-giving not onl from uur
homes, but aUo from clubs? i>et v* discounte
nance any and every thing that Is detrimental to
noble principles and to the development of hon
esty and jus .ice.
jKe Jhree-Jrump Echo.
We have been asked several times of late to
express our views or opinion in regard to tbe
"three-trump echo." We have in preparation
an article of considerable length on this sub
ject, and expressing not only our views but
the views of others as well. We will say this
much, however: We believe the meaning
of the present system of echoing should
reversed. On a "call" for or a lead
trumps the partner now is asked
to "echo" if you hold four or more,
and sub-echo if he holds exactly three. Our
dea is to tcho to btiow three exactly, and sub
| echo to show four or more. A great deal can
and will be written on this subject, but in the
opinion of the writer It will eventually be
come the recognized system of play. To tell
your turtner exactly how many trumps
you ho!^ when he leads or calls for them at the
earliest opportunity possible is information
that is not only very valuable, but trick-win
ning and what he is most anxious to get.
Every whist-player knows that tnree trumps
are held oftener than four by the trump-lead
er's partner, and be ng able to read this hold
ing the trump lead can ofte-i be stopped or
continued as the urgency of the case requires
Making this change will not permit false card
ing in trumps to be of as much value as it is at
present.
Three Three-Card Suits ar\d Four
Jrumps.
Judge George L. Bunn of St. Paul, one of the
best whist-Dlayers living, in one of his last ar
t.cles to the St. Paul Globe treated on tiie
original lead from hands containing four
trumps and three three-card suit*. He says:
We do not int-nd here to en:er Into an analysis
f th- comparative merit* of tlie trump lead and
the lorced lead trom :hn character of hand. We
favor the trump lead, as we have frequently stated
in conini: ulng upon tbe piny of various deals
published in tblsco uran. We allow so:ne excep
lions to this rn:e— such short suits as king, queen,
jack; queen, jack, ten; queen, nice, and occasion
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18. 1897.
it* syinba leal work to any other side degree
now be.ng conferred in the order.
The reports to be presented at the Grand
Parlor meeting will show that during the past
term there have been 1212 initiations and
that the toal membership hi this time is 9327.
During that time 923 members were '.he re
cipients of aMiisturx c »nd tne amount thus ex
pended wa« $33,819 40, making a grmid total
expended by the Older ior relief of $285,000.
During the session of the Grand Par or there
will b; but UttU- legislation and there will not
be any change of the ritualistic work. George
#. Clark, the vice-president, will be chosen
C resident, Judge W. If. C>«nley ot Madera will
j -he vice-president, Frank Mattison o: Santa
Cruz will be the grnnd lecturerer. C. <>. Dun
bar is slated ior grand marshal. Henry Lun
stedt will, it is generally admitted, be ro
elected to the office ot gravid secretary, which
he has rbly lii.cd far a number of years, but
tie has an opponent in the person of T. G.
Eilers of Sacamento; J. D. Norris of Ccntcr
ville, now grand ouiside sentinel, will be ad
vanced to iho petition of grand inside sentinel.
There will be a contest fur the office ol grand
orator between Frank L Coorob> of N :pa and
Judge R. C. Rusi. Tiiere will be a great con
tebt for the office of -grand trustee, seven of
which are to Le chosen. Every pan of the
Stat" wih have n candidate. M. D. Garratt, P.
Zii- ala and F. Sabicl, incumbents, are candi
dates ior re-election.
E. Dorado Parlor conferred the owl degree
on several cmiidates, and Alcatraz Parlor
conterred the curly bear degree on a number
of candidates last week.
ihe >ative Daughters.
Bu«»na Vista Pailor will celebrate iti fifth
anniversary in Native Sons' Hall by a grand
iivitation ball on Tuesday next. Arrange-
I merits have been made to have this one of the
j swell entertainments ior which this parlor is
noted. The grand march will be led by Past
President Miss Annie Halm and President
Miss Anna Westhaus.
Oro Fino Parlar is to give an anniversary
entertainment ln Native Sons' Hall on Thurs
day next.
Sans Souci Parlor, recently instituted in the
Western Addition, has ten candidates for in
itiation at Its next meeting. This par or
promises to increase its membership rapidly.
At the last htld meeting of the current
mont'i :hf .-i-vrtrai parlors will elect delegates
to the Grand Parlor.
Mrs. Mary Morse of Marvsville Parlor was in
this City last week and was eiccted grand
warden of the Grand Council of Cnoseti
Friends.
At its last held meeting Fremont Parlor was
visited by Grand President Mrs. Mary E. Tili
nun, Grand Vice-President Mrs. B. W. Conrad,
Gr.itid S-cretary Mrs. George C. Rvan and the
j Misses Delahide of Ursula Pailor No. 1 of
Jackson. The visitors spoke kind words of
encouragement to the members of the parlor
and advised them to use their best effort* to
) bring the parlor named for the great path
ftuder into prominence. After the close of the
meeting refreshments were served.
Young Men's Institute.
F. J. Murasky will deliver the lecture before
Phil Sheridan Council on the 28:h mitt.
Columbia Council has changed its nieet'ng
prace in the Alcazar building and wi.l here*
after meet in Stanford Hall. This council has
appointed a committee to make arrangements
for an entertainment in May.
Manogue Council of Virginia City i* now
holding its meetings in a hall donated to it by
Mr*. M. Lynch.
Rev. Father J. M. G'.eason will deliver the
i lecture btfore Ignatian Council on the 11th oi
I -May.
John P. Moran of Los Angeles was in this
City last week.
Arrangements are being made for the dellv
i erins; of a lecture shortly betore Cathedral
; i ouncil.
Rev. P. C. Yorke w.ll soon leave for Virginia
City and Carson City to deliver lectures under
the auspices of the lecture bureau before the
Councils in those cities.
Wednesday ni*hi the fourth district meeting
\ under the auspices of Ignatian Conncil will
j be neid in Stauford Hall, Alcazar building.
The board oi management will meet this
I evening aud un tne 24tn the board of directors
I will meet.
All the arrangements are completed for the
1 institution of tbetnew council in the Sacred
j Heart parish.
Young l.Hili--..' Institute.
The members of Young Laldies' Institute
' No. 7 win give a social and b.mquet ln Loyola
i Hall next Friday ln celebration of its ninth
; anniversary of organ zation. The committee
I of arrangements has prepared everything for a
] pleasurable eveniuK's entertainment.
Woodmen ot the World.
Mission Camp of this City has secured new
' quarters in the building at the southeast cor
• ncr ot Valencia and Sixteenth streets.
The fourteen camps of Alameda County are
making arrangements ior the annual union
picnic, but the time and place have not yet
\ been fixed. It is expected there will be a large
i attendance.
At a recent meeting of the camp in Martinez
1 fifteen candidates were Initiated, the work be
: ing performed by the Oakland Camp degree
i team. A banquet in the leading hotel followed
I tbe ceremony.
A new camp is being organized in Ukiah by
i Special Organizer McGuffin.
The camp at Eiuiiium will initiate seven
i candidates at the meeting April 28.
The Chosen Friends.
Germania Council will initiate ten candi-
I dates at its next meeting.
Golden Gate Council tendored a reception
: last Friday night to the recently elected offi
cers of the Grand Council, in Social Hall,Alca
i zar bui'ding. There was an address of wel
, come Dy Mrs. A. boehm, Ihen a short address
j by D. J. Hartley, G. V. C. of Sacramento;
I vocai solo, Mrs. Neale; recitation, Frances
j Buckland; urn*. Mrs. E'la Howard; a sketch
i by the Misses Hoerner and several other nuni
■ bers, afier which fo.l >wed a dance and a col
' ,ation. During the evening the grand officers
I were presented to the large i urnoer of people
| present by J. 3. Thompson, past councilor of
Golden (iate Council. The committee which
bad charge of (be affair, uhich was carried
out to a ■aeoesafal issue, u*t> Mrs. Boehm,
Mi«s IL Noonnn, Mrs. M. Downing, Mm. El)a
Howard, Mrs. C. Cator, J. S. Thompson and D.
H. Damkroegfr.
The Vatican contains 208 ttaircases and
I 1100 different rooms.
WHIST
ally whf-re the trumps are very sons I, queen. Jack
and any small card, 01 jack, tea and a small may
be opened, where the balance of the band is weak.
We object to the lead of queen from queen and one
small, or ten at the head of two or three, and more
particularly to the lead of any smaller card at the
top of a three-card suit. The lead from ace. king,
or queen and iv.o others, we regard aj disadvan
tageous. ,
We have Indicated above our chief argument In
favor of the trump lead. It is not that it It a good
lead In itself, except where the plain suits are
strong, bu; that a lead from a short suit Is worst-.
It is a choice be ween evils, the leaser of which we
be ieve to be the trump leal.
We »re well aware that our views in this respect
are not shared by all writers or expert players,
but we are not entirely without support. (Cav
endish. Hamilton, Trist and Brigcs are a quartet
in whose company we are not ashamed to be
found. Their views on this question are, we be
lieve, identical with those above expressed.'
Mr. Work is the only great, modern writer who
advises against the trump lead, though there are
many fine |iia ers who are with him. Our opinion
is not. however, based upon tlios- of the gentle
men mentioned. • We experiments! lor years With
both lines of play, mod d scar Jed the short suit
lead only after becoming convinced from the re
sults of exp rimeatsln actual play that the lend
of the trump was better. The old Idea that a
! trump lead must Invariably be returned finds no
place wi.b us. It is senseless, especially in the
«ase of au original lead from four trumps. The
d' cislou of whether or not to return the trump
must rest In the sound discretion of the leader's
partner. " ' ■ • ■ ; ' ■
With four trumps and a suit of four or more
cards, the lead of the plain suit is generally to be
pr-ferred. Where the plain suit Is established It
ma bes'jown, a da trump, led then; where the
trumps are ace king, queen and one small, or
ac, king, jack and one small, and the suit not ts
tabiis ie.i. on ■• lead of trumps lotlowed by the lead
from the plain suit Is good play. Where the hand
Is strong in all the suits, an original : lead of a
trump Is often better than the plain-salt lead. ' A
lead from three trumps or lest Is justifiable
only by strength In all the suits, or by one great
suit and protection in each of the others. ' _Wha t
w- have said applies only to the original lead
from, a band. ' . . ; . i .
Whist Contest Abandoned
The r Philadelphia Evening i Telegraph of
April 8 announces the fact that they have
abandoned the great whist contest recently
instituted 'by that paper. The Attorney-
General of the United' States informed the
postal authorities . that .the contest is In con- '
MINES
& MINERS
The Panamint mining district, a hundred
j miles or so eastwara or southward from
I almost anywh"re in California, in the
! depths of the Mojave Desert and j
J perched h : gh above the western wall
of Death Valley, is the newest golu mm- |
ing district in California to claim a rush and
i space for Ircquent wild stories in the newspa
per.-. Ali the delightful chfirra of desert ter
: rors, desert desolation, aesert tragedies and
i nearness to the king of evil surrounds the
\ Panamint district from a picturesque potut oi
i view. Leaving the assay of the ho; desert
j rocks out of consideration the heert of the
i Mojavo Desert comes to tne from ready to sup
ply a new chapter and new pictures for the
varied story of the search of gold in earth.
These gold-finding stories must come and go
like visions. They depopulate the newest
minine camps and start hundreds Into a blind
and feverish ruth and get up the rest of the
symptoms of that aurifero-hysteria which
' everywhere marks the gold fever when made
I acute by a tale of a piece of gold found in a
j n w place.
The Panamint district has been prospected
'■ for many years and has been known as a gold
| repository for a generation. Reports of recent
: discoveries, reinforced by the effect of the
I Randsburg boom in the whole desert region,
1 has resulted in the recent flocking of »ome
! hundreds of prospectors to au almost Inacces
| Bible region.
There is gold In the Panaralnt region, but
there is hardly a place for gold in America
where the limit of minimum profit demands
so high an assay per ton. Water is scarcer
than gold, transportation is at fabulous rates
and of fuel there is none.
Last fall £. A. Wiltsee. the mining operator,
went there with Mr. Ncwhouse, his expert
mining engineer, looking for prospects he
cared to invest in. Three hundred samples
from thirty or forty claims in the neighbor
hood of Pleasant were carefully assayed, ac
cording to Mr. Newhouse, but nothing con
sidered wortti buying was found.
"We found nothing but unsatisfactory sur
face prospects," sayi Mr. Newhouse. "The
highest sample ran $27 to the ton and a few
reached $20. The next ihowed traces to a
few dollars."
However the latest reports of prospectors
from the Panamint range are booming ones,
with occasional stories of rock assaying $3000
■ to the ton.
The State Mining Bureau has been broad
\ ened out — inside — during the week. State
Mineralogist Conper has stepped into the of
fice to find the worry about the appropriation
over, and to find the bureau secure a^ain on a
j $'25,000 a year scale of operations. So more
i room has been taken by renting theremainiuß
half of the third floor of the Pioneer building,
' giving the institution the entire two upper
| floors. The new quarters will be devoted to
j the library and to office room, the old library
! quarters being turned Into private workrooms
I for the deputies and other employes.
Mr. Cooper has still larger hopes for the
J housing of the institution, however. He Is
j hoi afier the top floor of the new ferry-build
■ ing at the foot of Market street. The question
: is one of the big rent entirely, and the bureau
may or may not go there. Aside from fiuan
cial considerations the location would be
highly desirable for the bureau.
The way similar bureaus are carried on in
! thegold-proaucing British colonies comes forc
t lWy toimndbrsuggesiion. tfhe departments of
i mines of the colonies of Mritisn Columbia, New
, Zealand, New South Wales, Victoria and Went
1 Australia are more Interesting than valuable
as examples In many things, however, for the
paternalism they display womd not all be wel
come here. Uhese departments of the provin
cial Governments are run on the theory that
\ the minerals in the ground will add wealth,
, population and prosperity to the colonies to
I the extent to *hieh they are dug out of the
! ground, and that departments of mines are es
{ tablished to bustltt up the digging. Hence
| they take the initiative in exploring the re
| sources, in stimulating prospecting, in luring
j capital from abroad, in improving processes,
! in bringing the best processes into use, in ad
i vertlsing the mineral resources to the world,
< and so on.
The prospector must precede development
and he is cherished. In New Zealand and
j some other provinces the minister of mine* is
I to him a rich, kind uncle who has no children.
j They fairly take him oat ami show him where
j to dig and how to do it. Here and there "fos
[ Kicking" boards will take him to the gold
i fields and set him to work if he is unemployed
I and nnsu't a red cent. The Department of
I M.nes is ready to teach any man the A B C of
r ;>i'l hunting. Published information is ready
and courses in elementary assaying, mineral
ogy and geology are free iv well-equipped lab
oratories.
In some of the colonies the Government will |
lend h'llf the capital need -d for developing
new mines. M»ps and practical handbooks
travention to the statue concerning lotteries
and haying been notified of this decision the
journal at once abandoned the same.
The Attorney-General evidently has been
rending the bue laws of Connecticut. We
think it is hair-splitting on the part of the
authorities
The whist world got lots of good, valuable
iDiormation out of the same kind of coutest
! heid last year. We would suggest that the
■ Evening Telegraph go ou and give us the re
sult without any prizes. Tue whist-players
don't want the prizes as much as they want
tho pleasure, profit and whist information.
portrait of Eugene S. Elliott.
The whist editor of The Call wishes to
acknowledge receipt of a beautiful life-size
portrait of the founder of the American
Whist League. Eugene S. Elliott, of Mil
waukee, Wis. The following letter accom
panied it:
Milwaukee, Wls.. March 30, 1897.
Whixt BHIor (Ml— Dear Sib: The member* of
the Milwaukee whist Club feel grateful to you for
the honor you paid them aud Mr Kugene 8. K.l:
ott by voir attendance at the presentation of Air.
Klliott'a portrait to ihe club, and they thereiore
take pleasure In sending you a rf production of
the portrait as a sligUt tOKen of llielr gratitude
Very truly yours, fc-nwiN S Mack. : ecrelary.
Whist ir\ Santa Jtasa.
A. L. Harris, one ot the directors of the Paci
fic Coast Whist Association, kindly sends us
ttie following:
A series ot contest* between the different
whist clubs of this city was begun last Mou
day evening in the rooms of the Sant* Rosa
Wheelmen clubhoui«!. The contestants for
the first match were the Santa Rosas vs. the
wheemen. 11. G. Uahman. P. T. Hahman, W.
C. Hill and H. A. Brown represented the
former, and Oscar Mathews, 11. G. Mathlas,
Will Mob.y and W. W. Skagg represented the
latter.
The match was conducted on the inter-club
two-table dnp icate plan, same as all the chal
lenge matches in the A. W. L. and Pacific Coast
Whist Association.
The crack Santa Rosas found their oppon
ents worthy of their ateel, and won by tlit
small margin of a gain of two tricks, the final
score standing 14 to 16. The next contest
will be between the Santa Rosas and the
Wednesday Evening Club, and will take place
next Wednesday evening.
are Issued. The locations and publication*
of the departments aie advertised with invi
tations to call. Annual reports are bustled
out three or four months after the close of the
year.
The new Department of Mines— one year
old — of British Columbia proposes to add to
its present operations student laboratories and
a plant for metallurgical}* testing ores.
In the booming province ofWe3t Australia the
gold mining industry has been hustled along
quite well, but now we lead of the Govern
ment proposition to equip a school of mines,
metallurgical works and public assay office,
to subsidize smelling works, establish pub.ic
stamp mills and so on.
An interesting publication on the mining
industry of Victoria H Just at hand. It is a
j sixteen-page supplement to Tne Leader, and is
| being sent throughout the world with the in
dorsement and compliments of Hon. Harry
Foster, Minister of Mines. It Is a valuable
I history, exposition and prophecy of Victoria's
gold production. We read: -It is no idle brag
of the Minister of Mines when he avers that
the promises of Victoria's gold supply are far
and away better tnan those of any other col
ony of the Australian group." We find that
the present mining development act allows
the Minister to advance to pioneer mining
companies this year a total ot £50,000 under
stringent conditions. No company may re
j eelve more than £10,000. For mining roads
: £15 000 a year is provided.
For advances to miners for prospecting
£5000 a year v given. Four or more persons
may form a combination for prospecting and
bonow up to £250 of th« Minister if they can
satiny his many inquiries and put up as much
themselves. The Minister has £3500 a year
for a metallurgical plant and £2500 a year
for races to couvey water for fcluicing. The
act gave him money for an exhibition
of mining machinery and appliances,
which has just closed at Victoria, and
empowered him to send to England a lecturer
to convince the British public that Victoria is
trie star gold field to put money into. Tne act
provides £140,000 to run tne department this
way for three years and the Leader says that
it is a very small thing for a colony that has
spent £800,000 in the encouragement of the
mining industry in the r>ast few years.
Since 1851 the colony of Victoria- has pro
duced nearly one and a quarter billion dollars
worm of gold, within $300,000,000 or so of
California.* production. Tne product for 1896
wae £3.220,348, a little less than California's
pro-uct. Tne increase has been steady since
low-water mark was reached in 1891.
Victoria is far ahead of any of the other colo
nies as a producer as California is of rival
States and provinces, and like California has
newly discovered fields, undeveloped districts
and lodes rich at great depths. So while Vic
loria Keeps up and increases its total product
by reason of its large producers and its con
siderable development, it is suffering a loss of
population by reason of the dazzling reports
from rival regions, with their mad rushes aud
the magic of a boom.
To return to the less excltin* operations of
the California Mining Bureau, it may ba stated
tuat Mr. Cooper has decided to publish by
counties the mining map, the planning of
which was announced last week. The field
deputies will locate existing mines of all sorts
i on county maps, together with water power,
| p. ants, etc.
The Sierra Railroad from Oakdale through
the mining regions of Amador and Mar
ipo«a countien, which Prince Poniatowski
and associates have begun to build, ii a signifi
cant and encouraningenterprise. The mining
regions of Calitornia have Buffered tremen
dously through lack of transportation facili
ties, find one reason of it has been the
absence of competing lines iv the ''tate
Competition has started the trunk
lines of the Northwest into prompt
prompt racing to the new British Columbia
districts, and the presence of the Valley road
and the coming of other rival trunk lines will
hasten the building of feeders to many mining
district*.
During the past winter the mining regions a
few miles from railroad stations have been
awaiting everywhere the opportunity to haul
in mining mxemnery and supplies, upon
which developm nt of mines or operation of
them ha< depended. The western slope of the
Sierra Nevada Mountains has been dotted
from Marfpo»ato Plumas County with stamp
mill*, bollerf, engines, electrical apparatus
water pipe, ana mining appliances and supl
plies of every description, which, when the
rains and snows of early winter came were en
route to mines. The bad mountain roa Is at
once became next to impassable, and these
materials for activity re.ted to await the dry
roads of spring. y
Many mines shut down because fuel could
not be economically transported.
The Sierra Pacific wil. make the director of
the mint write the bigger figures in statin
thgoll production ad so will every one of
the needed brauch lines into the mining
Mr. Harris ia a little too modest to say that
he was chosen to conduce and referee these
matches. We all know what * labor ol love it
is; at the same time it needs a person thor
oughly conversant with the laws, and no bet
ter man could be selected.
AnsWers to Queries.
One of the members of the Vallejo Whist
Club asks the following question:
Holding ace. 9. 7. 0, 5 of trumps, your part
ner leads trumps, you win w»th the ace, wou d
you return ihe six or five?
Answer-We think the correct clay would
be after winning witn ace to return the low
est. You cannot show number or the posses
sion of five trumps originally to a certainty by
the returu of a y one car.l ; from such a hold
ing the drop will no doubt mark every remain
ing trump.
WHAT IS A PIANO HAND?
A piano haud is one easily played and which
in a duplicate match would probably produce
the same score at every table.— From "Whist
of To-Day."
We have an Inquiry from Sunol, asking
"What is the best textbook on whist?"
This question we cannot answer. As near
as we are able to find out there are
about 500 different books published on
the game, and they are no doubt all gocd
If our correspondent wants to be right up to
date subscriDe for "Whist,- a monthly journal
published in Milwaukee. Wis., costing $1 a
year. Sample copies furnished by The Call
Whistlets.
A junior team of four from the Junior Whist
Club of Philadelphia beat a Hamilton Ciub
four in a tournament now going on In that
city. This junior club ia the first and only one
that we know of in this country. The ages of
the boys are from 14 to 20. The ion of Mrs. T.
H. Andrews, tue promoter of the Women's
League, la its president.
The demand for the "Whist Donts" sent
free by Thb Call Is steadily Increasing. Last
week we sent out over four hundred. The
first edition is nearly exhausted. They are
sent out free; they cannot be purchased.
Mrs. I>. W. Guptill, vice-president of theTrist
Duplicate Waist Ciub, leaves for the East in a
lew days. If it is possible she will attend the
Women's Congress, to be held in Philadelphia
April 27.
Next Saturday in the rooms of tte Sau Fran
cisco Whist Club a match for the Rideout
trophy will be played between tho Petaluma
Wmst C:ub (challengers) and San Francisco
Whist Club (nolders). Forty-eight deals will
be played, twenty-four in the aternoon and
twenty-four in the evening.
The Amerlcuß Duplicate Whist Club of Oak
land recently finished a club contest The
winners were Mr*. F. R. Noyes and Mrs. E. R
Gray for the ladies, and Edmund 8. Gray and
George S. Meredith ior the gentlemen.
J^^. TO-DAT.
*" GOTL.DSKT RITXjXI BAZAAR. *
j i ='  .' : •.- ,-.^:.;: i . • — — ill
jH Throngs of |
! ! : ; urn yuh iiinimnTiTMiiiiii %\ inn ■»■■■ liiin '"
L Pleased I
I People!
i\\ elbowed each other good-naturedly j [
j at this great sale all through last * [
T week. It was a veritable rush for f f
iji bargains. And it goes merrily on jjj
I, this week. Our new managers , J
! | | are putting their shoulders to the lf
't| wheel with a vengeance. They H|
|| want more room — and quick— for j; l^
,11 the new departments, and the new ( 1
! ? goods that will soon be here. , ?
'ff Come in the morning hours if V 1
I you can — less crowded. j*,i
i i | 000000000000000000 I t
i| GRAND REORGANIZATION SALE ii
I 1 000000000000000000 1
i A *■ i hi
Iff AfiATF- *i u Stew Pan,
• "V" I ■_ steel enamel... 39c
i I U/IDC 1-Kalon Water
441 WAKt. , fisher 57c
I HI 13 - Inch Square
" Roast Pans ...,48c
i 2q\ Coffee Pot.. .43c Bread Pan. 6x9. 13c
i 1 1 Bowl and Pitcher
«■■ 2 qt. Coffee Biggin* Toilet Set.. 74c
T 42e Iqt Covered Tea
S eeper 22c
A I | -11-ineh Wash Be- ■ . 10 -quart Stnel-
•■• sin 18c enameled Dish
I'' 1 Pan 43c
5-Inch Cuspidor. 33c 12 -quart Milt
, Pans ......37c
■■■ 6-qc Tea Kef.le..7oc Family Co'ander.
I' ' 2-qt. Dipper 3ttc- 2-quart Preserv-
-10 in Pie Piaes..l3c ingk'GUie........s«c
4qu Berlin sauce 2 pL. Fruit Fan-
11l Pans 6'2c nels 13c
I If 4-qt Measures. ...32o 2 qi. Tea Pot ... 34c
13x18 -inch Foot 10-ln. Chambers.. 43c
lub 78c 6-quart Pudding
I 4 | Pans 31c
"[ MEN'S Including the
|j{ WEARING latest blocks
' [ APPAREL, and new shades
I >• Keeular Pale
' ' : , Price. Price.
FpdoraHats , $1 O'J S 37
ii Stiff Hais. -pring Derby.... 1M) 50
1 •• Japanese- Straw..::... 45 ' 25
Iff BovV Caps 60 29
Yachting Caps V5 19
11 Traveling Caps 35 19
ill Boys' Turbans 25 15
iff Children's sailor Straw Hat* 45 13
Youths' straw Hats 50 29
Madra* Shirts 150 67
|]|| :>res.ißow3 25 10
'II Initial Handkerchiefs 25 10
'! ' All-wool Sweaters  100 65
i. ell ulold Collars 15 08
ill Suspenders 25 10
••• Piquet Tie* 13 08
••f Oeuts* Fast Black Hose 15 10
oAo
I I AniFQ' Misses' Biarritii SBc
I UVUILO 4, Lamp Pearl Button*... 60c
H Lin 7- Hook Foster Heal Kid.. B7c
r IVILF '1 reffouse Suede 65c
1 GLOVES. All except Biarritz formerly
I Iff ';
|f Beg. Sale
Ilrl'-e. Price.
(11l PA WC All Feather «2 00 fOc
... l/\llO« Silk Gajze 300 IDO
'?' Real Cstricu....ls ,7 60
iU HANDKER- In a variety that
I!f CHIEFS. baffles d escrip-
II tion:
II
Mi • 100 dozen Swiss Fnibroldered, cut to. lie
f 100 d ien ><wlss Kmhro 'ered, "cut to 13c
i 100 dozen "-wiss Embroidered, cut t0.... 16c
ii I 100 doz-n Swiss Kmbro.derid. cut t0. ... 17c
!;■ 100 dozen Swiss Embroidered, cutto..:. 19c
TT f r ~' ■ ■ : '-
I TAVC One of our greatest de-
!l 5 lUIOi partments. No end to
f the stock.
1 ' I'eKtiiar Sale
44 • Price. Price.
f Boys' Velocipedes $ 00 $128
Gins' I ricyclrs : 1003. 635
i lion Wagons 100 68
, i k Larse Do.i Carriage 125 ' 71
| ZZ i i.ild's Oak Ue51c...... ...... 100 • 67
111 Doorway Bwi:i« 75 . 87
WonJcrful Jumping Frogs. 25 » 11
i Tne "King" Air Rifle 1 01) 63
•• Satin Finish Crape Paper. 25 10
U BOOK During this sale we will
• nPD'T se " a " ool<s at 20 P er cent
jj ULr I • discount "or ' more from
II publishers' prices/ and in
!■ many instances much
lower.
Pub. Sale
, , I Pr.ce. • Pr.ce.
a 100 Titles Cloth Bound Books $ 26 . $ 14
' f 150 Titlrs, (Jilt lop. Cloih
{ Bound Books ... 50 18
, I 200 Titles, for I oys and Ulrls 50 23
• 150 Titles Handy Volume J
t Hussies 25 15
Or 7 for «1.
U Dickens' WorKS. 15vol 600 290
i | Bulwer l-yttou'a Works. 13 vol 600 290
• xotti Wavt-rly Novels, 12 vo! 75 > 315
•A'.ott" 800k5... 150 90
i -Elsie" Books 125 73
k " r-iwnie Books," 5 titles..... 150 90
! Z .'* haitfcrhox for 1896 ... 125 36
F Webs er Unabridged Diction- . *
ary, slue > binding 83
1 The • Standard Dictlo ay"
1 1 the iates and best, In- '
II dexed 1300 9 75
| {!! FRENCH MIXED CANDIES
[ During Sale 25c a Pound.
II t 4000 TITLES SHEET MUSIC,
il lc PER SHEET.
ZZ 000000000000000000 Jj
i , NOTE.— During this sale our store will be closed at 6
•! P. M. Open Saturday night till 10:3o: 9*
000000000000000000
( ?F 1^ ■«■ J
1 1 jj 718-722 Market St. and 23-27 Geary St. < |
VASES. EtC. «e K n?ar Sale "
VASES. EtC. ««B"'ar fale "
Tr%vJl - '» ■-••*'• Price. Prlc>.
Bohemian Vases. 9-inch $50 37c 41
Bohemian Vases, 12- inch. .. 75 63c M
6-Inch Jardinit-ran 60 3 'c
7- ncn JnrJlnieres... .. . 75 4% a
9-Inch JarJluieres.. 126 75c ,
TOILET Everything that 1!
Accessories. ? y h .° s tb.e. on beau ' L
Pears' Unseen ted soap...'. ... lOe
£ , car »£ oap 12%c
Packers' Tar >oap " .".""'ij>i2-
Cashmere Bouquet Soap.. -. . - -Jfc ••
Uenuine -Virgin" Brand French "caiiile ••
Soap. 3 Ib. bar ......190 »
Kirk's. Jer-»en'a and Fel's Heap's, regular
3f0r25c,perb0x........ . 17 i
Large Vaseline ."."..'•..". " 7 C MS
I La Blanche Face Powder, b0x...*'.'..".*.".*.'.".25c
! Murray <fe Lanman's fiorlda Water. ""38c
I Ko.er <fc uallet's Peau d'Kspague JKx- , ,
I ract ;. 76c •
| Gosneil's Cherry looih Paste... '25c '
i idont ; 44 C
"UerD.v" la erit lur Ing Irons from 15c to He j
Genuine Tvtlow Oi«amer I'ow.e'.., 10c M
Ueuuine 'I eilow Swan Down Powder "7c If
Imperial Tooih Powder ...... '.'.'.'.'.'. 1
ln>i.or.«-d lootn Brushes, worth 15c. " ' 8c
7-row Nail Brush, bone hand e, winged. /
wcr.h 35e 18c ',
Imported Bay Kum, from 26c t0.."'..'.'.'.'.'.'13c
Ho». foam u, mlfrlce, a delicious tooth
wash, from "Jsc to 13c
Nelson's Amlcose...: .'.'■".'.!.*.'.'".. !.'.35c
STATIONERY. §"*•:•; **»*'■"«*»>■ . '
leon," "Early English,"
••Koyal White" and -Kid Finish," a'l ••
• zes 102 qnirj M
Envelopes to match, 25 for .....luc
SILVERWAREr Quadruple &
WARRANTED. Plate. "
Besiular Sale i
' _. • Price. Price. ••
Bread Trays $1 50 * 83 1
Berrv Dlshej 150 89
Butter Dish 150 89
Pcul- Caster 150 89 1 1
L'aKeß:»ket. 150 89 000
Dt-sspr. Set, 6 pieces 500 285 a.
I nog-r. & Bro's. Triple-plate
■ Teaspoons, set 8£)
Rogers * - Uro's. '1 riple-plate
'' . iih c«|) o :.«, set... Igo it
Rogers A Bro's. Triple-plate I
Por^s. 5et.....' 1 60
♦•Sterling" Plated Table-knives',
•et..;.. 70 44
PHOTOGRAPHIC We are head '
GOODS quarters for 44
V""" 5 * these lines. If
Regular Sale
Dry Plates. 3»Ax3V&. per Price. Pric» f
Drr Plates. 31/2X3V4. P»r doz 45 ft 40 §•
Dry Plates, 4x5. per doz..' 65 69 '
Other sizes In propor:ion. ■
Kiko-ciini- aydio . D^velope",
_ Hot bo:tle ....: 50 28 I
I'-uroka- D-veloper. 8-oz. tile 50 20 I
Omeca Toning :-oluilun, 10-
-*. oz.boi.tiM ...... ...:....:..-.;■ 50 23
Sollo lap^r. 3y 2 x3y a 15 10 , ,
-olio Paper. 4x* ; 20 13 S
Sollo Paper, 4x5 25 i 6 '
Prln ing Frames. 3*Axtyi,. ■'.
3%x3i/,. 4x4. 4x5 30 20 i
Kas. man's A B u t.uiut 150 187 ••
Pocket' U'oua-, card mounts, 9
per hundred......'..;. 40 30
Bui » Eye Card. Mounts, per
.hundred  70 .58 44
DOLLS. Fu!l Patent jointed Dolls, '
. , . papier mache, with mov- , 1
.;• ing wrists and sleeping •
71 ; . v « eyes, full mohair wig.
Keg. sale ,
•' •' . . .. V?v; J rice. Price, ■-
14 Inches Ion; $ 60 * 33 '
i 1M Irenes 1unx..... 1 v:5 66
21 Inc en long 165 84
• 3- incti<-s long 2tO 118 A
All Kid tiody. Jointed Mips and Knoe-i It
Fine 81-ii- H. aa with real human ha r, Snoes
and stockings
BICYCLES." {
Bargains in Bicycles, I
1896 Truss -Frame Y
; FOWLERS $67.50 j
Fully Guaranteed. i (
! 1896 BEN HUR; ladies'. $45.00 Jl
Regular Price $85.00. |
; High-grade second-hand Bi-
cycles from $25.00 upward. ]
Snaps — TANDEMS — Snaps ( u
Also a Complete Stock of .]
BICYCLE SUNDRIES U
and BICYCLE CLOTHING ]
At Special Prices During This Sale. 11
2930
EASTER BELLS ARE RInGING
GLAD TIDINGS TO THE WORLD
The Musical Services To-Day in All the Churches
Promise to Be Unusually
Beautiful.
IN COMMEMORATION OF
THE RESURRECTION.
Union Praise Service at the Y.
M C. A. Auditorium This
Aiternoon,
Ef WORTH LEAGUE ALLIANCE
LOVI-FEAST.
Excellent Music and a Good Pro
gramme to Be G.ven at Dr.
B ynton's Church.
Today the bells ring out the story of
the Resurrection. Easter is here, and Lent
with all its solemn gloominess is over.
The churches are alia mess of flowers,
from floral decorations to flower-laden
bonnets, and Easter is made gloriously
welcome by one and all.
/ The convention of the Epwortb League
meets in San Jose on Tuesday, April 26,
and closes on Thursday, the 29tb.
On Monday eve nine tue Kind's Daugh
ters of Howard M. E. Church will meet
at the home of Mrs. A. Chandler, 72 South
Park. Election of officers.
On Friday evening at 7:45 the Patient
Workers' Circle, belonging to Grace M. E.
Church, will meet at the home of. Miss E.
J. Dornin, 2609 Folsom street.
Ta-morrow evening the Gospel .Wagon
workers will meet at Caiifornia-stre. t
Church, corner California and Broderick
streets, where all the leagues of the City
are expected to be well represented.
The Epworth League Alliance will bold
a love-feast in Howard M. E. Church to
morrow evening at 7:30, preceded by a
street meeting, in which the new Ep
wortn League Gospel Wagon will take a
prominent part. The pastor's class will
consolidate with the love-feast for this
evening. .".- V
The Polk-street School will have its
Easter service this afternoon at 3 o'clock
in Loughead Hall, Sacramento and Polk
streets, when the following programme
will Do rendered :
Organ prelude, G. H. Fawcett; hymn No.
260, school; player, Rev. W. s. Urmy; chant,
"Lord's Prayer," school; song, "Palm
Branches," solo and chorus; son?, "Ride On
In Mnje»ty," school; hymn, "Gethsemane,"
quartet; . Scripture, C. B. Brown; song, "The
People Stood Beholding," Miss £. Baulsir;
song, "Cleft Are the Rocks," school; recita
tion and solo, Lotta McKean; anthem, "Jesus
Christ Is Risen," fctuol; address, pastor*
song, primary class; anthem, "He Is Risen,"
school: offertory; hymn. "The Son of God
Goes Forth to War," school; benediction; or
gan postluda.
G. H. Favfcett, orzanlst; Miss E. Baulsir,
chorister; Thomas Johns, superintendent,
J. Richard Freud, secretary of the Mer
chants' Association, will lecture in Grace
M. E. Church on Thursday evening, April
22, at 8 o'clock. Subject, "Principles of
Municipal Government." This lecture is
given under th« auspic-sof the Epworth
League. All the members of the church
and their friends are invited to attend.
Other lectures in the interest of good gov
ernment will occasionally be given, and
we solicit the co-operation of all inter
ested in municipal reform.
To-morrow (Monaay), at 2 p. m.. the reg
ular meetine of the W. H. ana W. F. M.
societies of the Howard M. E. Church will
be held in the ladies' parlors. All mem
bers of the church and congregation are
invited.
A meeting will be held at the Y. M.
C. A. building at 7:30 p. m., Monday, to
devise ways and means of placing humane
education in trie public schools of Cali
fornia. This teaching has been deemed of
aucn great importance in France that
there are more than 5000 schools where
lessons are given upon the subject
The Central W. C. T. U. meets on Thurs
day next at 2:30 p. m. All members urged
to be present.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Woman's Home Missionary Society of
the California-street Church will be held
next Tuesday, April 20, in the south par
lor.
The Ladies' Aid Society is busily en
gaged in arranging for an entertainment
the last Friday of the month. It is called
"Aunt Jerusha's Picture Album," and
promises to be of unusual merit.
The finance committee and the Ladies'
Aid Society of Central Methodist Edls
copal Church have projected a series of
entertain ments some time in May in the
interest of church repairs and payment of
deficiency. All the societies of the church
are being invited to actively co-operate.
The C. L. S. O. programme for Central
Methodist Episcopal Church Tuesday
evening, April 20. is as follows:
Scripture lesson, Miss Kracger; rollcall —
name a modern artist and his masterpiece*
general discussion, "Are genius and labor
equal elements in the production of the nieh
?T l ,. W0r 8 01 i tT " to be introduced by Miss
Battle Hall and A. R. McPherson; • -Doric and
lonic Architecture," E. J. Vogel; "Survey of
Greek Civilization," chapter IX; "ii fluence
of Hellenism on Rome," J. W. Henderson*
"Stoicism and Epicureanism." Miss Irene Al
len; "Comedy," Mrs. J. c. B. liebbard; -Po
litical Centers," J. Robert Elder; "Astrono
my," S. H. Vance; criticisms.
The special services at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery on Eister Monday, consisting of
a celebration of the holy communion by
Bishop Nichols, will be held on the ar
rival there of the 10:40 train from San
Francisco. All Saints' day and Easter
Monday are appropriately selected for
such a service, which partakes. of a me
morial character; and until there is a
chapel in lona churchyard the general
chapel of the cemetery is used for it.
Persons taking the electric railroad cars
should allow an nour for the journey
Novel entertainment by the'ehild talent
of Epworth Church and the City, consisting
of. recitations, dialogues, vocal and in
strumental music and tableaux, at this
church on Friday evening. April 23, at 8
o'clock sharp. Admission, adults 15
cents, children 10 cents. Icecream and
cake will be served by the children for 10
cents. . ,
A lecture on "The Federal Government"
will be riven at th • A-sociition audi
torium, Mason and Ellis streets, on next
Thursday evening, April 22. by Hon. W.
W. Morrow. Judge of the United States
District Court.
There will bo a grand union praise ser
vice at the Young . Men's Christian Asso
ciation Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
street", this afternoon, at 3 o'clock, by the
Knickerbocker and the J Lyric : (ladles)
quartets. The following is the programme
as arranged:
"Christ the Lord Is Risen" (D. Buck), Lyric
nnd Knickerbocker ouar:e;s; "O Love Divine,
That Stooped to Share" (Franz Schtiecker).
Lyric Quartet; tenor solo, "Palm Branches"
(Faure), J). M. Lawrence; prayer and response
(Krentzei); "The Lord's Own DAy" (Kreutzer),
Knickerbocker quartet; contralto sol", "Eftster
Eve" (Gounod), Miss Nellie Partridge; duet
"As the Hart Pants" (Phelj.f). Miss Alice Par
tridge and Mr. D. B. Crane; soprano solo, "The
Risen Lord" (Holder). Miss Ethel Tillson;
"Joy,. to the World" (Mosenthnl), Lyric Quar
tet;- tenor solo, "Tome Unto Me" (Coenei.)." C.
M. Elliot; *. "1 am r Wandering " Down ' Lue'e
Phedy Path" (McGranahan), Knickerbocker
Qu-irtet; "Christ, the Lord, Is Risen To-day"
(nolduu). Lyric and Knickerbocker quartets!
The service v.ill be lree to both ladies
and gentlemen.
I On Thursday evening Trinity Church
Ej>wortn Leacue business meeting at the
iio'nie ox" Mr. Dyar, 171 Tremont avenue.
Every member will no doubt, be present.
Rev. Dr. Stanley of the Fifteenth-street
Church will begin soon a course of Sunday
evening sermons on the "Life of Christ."
These sermons will be illustrated by splen
did stereopticon views. C. N. Rude will
throw 'he pictures with hie calcium light.
A service under the auspices of tne
Brotherhood o St. Andrew will be heid
in St. Peter's Church, May 2. at 7:30 p. M.
Addresses by Messrs. Braden, Van WycK
and Btnnett.
The Rev. Dr. WylJys.Hall, late of Pasa
dena, has received and accepted an invita
tion to oliiciate in St. Matthew's parish,
San Matt
Rev. James Fell will read a paper before
the CJericUf, Monday morning. April 26.
Subject. "The Practical Duty of the Church
on tne Drink Question."
The faculties of the Presbyterian Theo
logical Seminary at San Anselmo and of
the Congregational Seminary at Oakland
have arranged to hold a summer school
of theology during the four days, May 4,
5. 6 and 7, at the Y. M. C. A. building, on
Ellis and Ma<-ou streets.
The Roy. John L. Egbert, formerly of
Connecticut, visiting Caliioruia, is now in
San Francisco.
The presbytery of San Francisco has
elected Rev. Dr. H. C. Minton and Dr. 1.
M. Condit as delegates to the General As
sembly. SM.J;
Since the launching of the colonization
scheme Major Winchell has had nearly
300,000 acres of land offered him by differ
ent persons for the furtherance of the
scheme.
It is understood that Major Bell of Colo
rado is to succeed to Major Parser's
charge of the Northern Pacific division.
Ensign Lewis, the divisional niercy-box
agent' of the Salvation Army, reports thai
so tar his tour mis been extremely success
ful. --V.
The Volunteers of America will shortly
establish a post in Sacramento. A-> soon
as the desired location can be secured an
uptown post will be organized, ana Chap
lain Dungau will be placed in charge.
Commander Ballington Booth is ex
pected in San Francisco in the early au
tumn, He will make an extended visit in
California.
Oa the fourth Sunday of eaoh month
L.eutenant-Colonel Gardner of tue Volun
teers speaks at San Quentin. The Prison
League of that place numbers 175 mem
bers.
It is rumored that Brigadier-General
Fielding will visit San Francisco early
this summer.
The Washington Sunday-school conven
tion is to meet in Seattle on Ai>ril 21. On
the programme are the names of Revs.
G. H. Lee, W. H. Scudder, C. L. D.yen
and W. H. G. Temple. Rev. W. C. Mer
ritt of Snoliomish is a member of the ex
ecutive committee.
The Bay Conference will meet at the
Park Congregational Church, on Page aud
Bnlser streets, at 1 o'clocK on Tuesday.
Dr. David Starr Jordan Mill address the
Congregational Monaay Club to-morrow
on "Arbitration."
Under the auspices of the City Church
Extension Society there will be a grand
rally at the new Sunday-school, 338 Fifth
avenue, Dear Point Lobos avenue, this
aiternoon at 3 o'clock. AH members and
friends of the Methodist churches and'
Sunday^choois of the City are urged to
attend. There will be music ana short
speeches, etc., by superintendents and
pastors and friends.
The second day service of the passover
will be celebrated at the Bush-street Syna
gogue at 10 o'clock this morning.
A meeting of the board of grand direc
tors of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society
will be held on Thursday, April 2z.
Branch No. 12 of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society of Holy Cross will hold an
entertainment and social at Devisadero
Hall, 317 Devisadero street, near Page, or.
Friday evening next, the 23d inst. A pro
gramme of exceptional merit has been
prepared, including some very Interesting
features. No. 12 is one of the most flour
ishing branches of the C. L. A. S., ami its
previous successes in the entertaining
line are sure to be surpassed on the com
ing occasion. The proceeds will be de
voted to the relief fund of the branch.
Admission, 25 cents.
An "Easter donation party" is to be
given by the members of Branch No. 9 of
the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society on Tues
day evening next, the 20th inst.. at Mis
sion Turn Verein Hall, Eighteenth street,
between Valencia and Guerrero. The ad
mission as« stated by the tickets of invita
tion will be "'provisions or cash, amount |
] to be regulated by the generosity of the
i donor." Excellent talent has been se
cured, and the entertainment, which will
begin at 8 o'clock, will be well worth at
tending. On the afternoon of the fame
I day a committee of the ladies of No. 9 will
i be at the hall to receive donations of pro
! visions or clothing. As the society pro
] vides for a numoer of poor and deserving
families the ladies hope that the response
on the coming occasion will be a generous
one.
At the half-past 10 o'clock mass
this morning at the Church of the
Immaculate Conception. Oakland, the
I sermon will be delivered by Rev. Father
I Brown. A choir of fifty voices will render
ih<> music.
The annual grand charity assembly of
i Branch No. 1, Catholic Ladies' Aid'So
i ciety of Oakland, will take place in Ma
sonic Temple, Twelfth and Washington
streets, Oakland, to-morrow evenincr. No
pains or. expense have been spared to in
sure the success of the event. The ladies
will be assisted in entertaining their
i guests by committees from the Y. M. I.
] councils. The decorations of the hall will
J prove a pleasing feature. The tickets cf
admission have been fixed atso cents each.
EASTER SERVICES.
Special Music Arranged at Various
Places of Worship.
In addition to the magical programmes
published in yesterday's Call, the follow
ing special services have been arranged at
the churches named:
ST. IGNATIUS CHURCH.
The special services at St. Ignatius Church
will comprise:
High mass fV 10:30 -'- Th Rev. Father Frlednn
wl 1. be th- celebrant. Th • Rev. Father Sardl wl.l
art as deacon and J. Hoksui is sub-deacon. i-.as
sermon by the Hew Father Gallagher. The even-"
Ing ixeiclies Include the rosary service at 7-15
o'clock. folio*. b, vsper^T 3 !,?- Hey. "Vtber
Friuilau n-.JI be assisted by W. Whittle and James
Haves. Tie Hey. Father Crelllgan of San Jo
will preach tlie sermon. The music will be c "
<" T^ > » ST. John's church.
The foUowlni: will be the faster serVices at
ot. Jo nil . .
" Karly celebration, 7 a. v.: second ceebratton 11
a. m to mmunlnii service (lours). Hrmn—Pro
cession:,!. ; No. 112. -Jesus Christ Is Kisen." 121.
I^2, 477- and 2.25: recessional. No «96. "Ten
Thousand rimes Ten f Thou«and." sermon on
"Uie Hegurrt-cUoii": ■ preacher. Key. Ur. X 11.
Spsldlng; ( clatei— hey. W. Breck. Rev. B. B.
Church, Key. H. B Collier. Itev (i. Mead K»v &
J. '«•• Protessor Voet, fholima.ter: I'roff-sor
niton, organist, i hi dren'4 Kasier festival. 4 r M.
?'o V i eli oS? ?fI l" y , P '» 7:45 r. m. ' ro. e«U,nal. .No
121. 374 and IS; rec<«s<lon. I. No ll^. ••Alaeniil
cat," "Nunc DimittiN" (Steliicr): I'sallT, :.O and
Si. Sermon on -."The BUssed . sacramenu"
Preacher, Key. Dr. K.B.'.«pald Ing. « —
:< :'-'. .* HOLY CROSS CHURCH. - ' -
The following programme of music will: be
rendered by an «ugui u-d choir at Holy cross
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
Church, on Eddy street, between Scott and
Devisadero:
"Kyre," "Gloria" and "Sane'aV from Hardn'g
imperial mass, in 1): ,»Cre o" from Jloz.ir.'s
twelftu: '•Henetilctiis" f r m 11-ber's, in G; bary
tone solo. "Agnus Di," from Ponlatowskt's grand
nans*. \\. h. looser. Choir: sopranos— M!>«"B
«•. frost, Amanda Corcoran, NuttuiK aid silvu:
a ' u »— '". Ueor*e S. ..ic oiub, .Mrs I* 11 Sntton,
Miss Mahnn. Mitt L. Silva: tenors— J. F. Veaco
and U. Berajjoso; bassos J. A. Fcgany. W. H.
Toolc.-r, J. Sul Ivan, < ff-rtory. "Reglna C0p. 1," ,
try Juii choir: at ihe elevation soprano solo by
Mrs. Alvlaa Ueur Wilson; organist, W. H. Brown.
.— . i
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH.
The Easter services at St. I'aul's Church will
consist of:
Masses at 8, 7. 8:30, 9:30 and 10:3 » o'clock.
During the early nawn Easter hymns will be
huok by the Young » adies' and Young Men's
Solalities, and at the solemn hUh nia-.s at lu:!:0
o'clock a full choir will render i.c I'rovo-jt's
•'-Mesie i»olouelle' and Lambillotte's "Allelu a"
and • H.jina i ceil." soprano 4 -Mr a. McKee-Witz.
-Mrs. J. B ucp, Mss Mac lteiily; altos— Miss Muy
*. Code. Mln.inna Daly; t.nors— Or. M. Ilodg
h»-ad, J. Healy; bassos— Xu Ken Bournizenu, W.
Bruwn: organ M Us Amelia K. Qu.nn. In tne
evening vespers will be Chanel for ih« first lime
by hsu pllced choir of bo. a under the direction ■
cf Professor S. J. Sandy. The so olsis are: .Mas
ters J. as.ip, J. McKirinou, 1L Coyne, J. Lyons,
a. .McDonnell and W. \Vhl<li.
SIMPSON MEMORIAL CHURCH.
The following will be the soecial Easter
music at Simpson Memorial M. E. Church:
Organ pi elude, -Offertory" (Wely): anthem,
"Hrst Begotten of the Until" (HliunenM-llilu) ;
Hymn . No 234, ' Hi dies, the friend of sinners
tiles": Scrim reading; "Te Deum" (Blumen
scheiu): prayer; response, v olin solo, "Andante
Kellglo&o" (lhorne); hymn .No. 244, "Rejoice, the
l.ord 1< king":* offertory, "With Verdure clad,"
from '-Cr a Ion" (nnyii ): address: anilxm,
" A i.eluU to our Kin*" ( Koeuke.): hymn No. 367,
••Crown him with many crowns": benediction:
postlude, •'. et tue Heavens «.ejoice," Jrom "Holy
City" (Gaul). Jn the e vening .he cnildreo of the
Nunday-BChuol wl.l render the ssrvue, "Kaxtrr
Bells." with special exercises br the primary de
partment.
ST. STEPHEN'S CHURCH.
St. Stephen's Episcopal Church, on Fulton
street, near Fillmore, Ims a reputation for good
music On Easter Sunday the following musi
cal programme will be rendered at the 11 a. m.
service:
Organ voluntary. "Hallelujah Choras" (Han
del): processional, "Alleluia." by Pale*trlna:
•Christ Our Passover" (Mornin?Ujn): 'Festival
Te Deum" (Dudley Buck); ••Jubilate l>eo" ( .
Gtebel): anthem, "Oh i>e»th, Where Is Thy
feting" (W. spinney); •■Alleluia" (J. B. Powell):
soprano solo, "I Know That My redeemer l.iv
eth" (Handel): "Saiictus" (Gounod); organ post
lude (Mo^eutnal). The re<u ar auitrtet — Miss
Mildred Clark, soprano; Mils Istrlla Van Pelt,
contra. to: K. E. M (libber:, tenor, and Georse
Bird, buss— will be assisted by a chorus under the
direction of iloscoc Warren Lucy, the organist and
master.
RIIU'U SEXOK.V DE GUADALLTE.
At 10:30 A.M., at the high roasts Gounod's
rm-sse »oißiiiu-ile will be rendered, wiin organ,
piano and string accompaniment, by a chorus
of twenty voices and the followins; soloists:
soprano, Miss O. Cooney; tenor, M. May bell; !
bas.-o, H. basionl. At the offertory : "Kegina I
Ccelt, by E. Werner; postlude, "Marclie Ro- I
maine" (Gounod). Organist and director, S.
Arrillega.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH.
Following is the complete programme of the
song services to be rendered at the First
Baptist Church this evening:
Orcan prelude. -Coronation March" (Meyer
beer). Rallet K. Mitchell: hymn, '45:*. "Jesus
UeUns," " Harwell (Mason). consr-Ratiou;
"Marche Pontificate" (i.ounod). Craig v N'os Or
chestra: scripture reading, Pas, or M. P. lioynton:
soio and choru-. "Hallelujah! Christ Is rtlsen"
(-teane), Jam-s Lane and Baptist Oratorio M).
cletv; pr»yer. Pastor M. P. li ■ yuton: anthem.
"Christ the Lord s Risen" (Hue), choir; solo
and chorus. "Ho.<an a" ((.raniiT). Miss Alma to -
man; off. rtoiy soprano s >10, ••Hear fa. Fa her"
(Ml lard). Miss lannie i-. li.-nay: cornet solo,
'.-only Hang the Bells of Heaven" ((.atiin), Mr.
<;.!(■.. d. and orchestra: hymn 471,
"Lord of All," coronation (Holden), congregation;
anthem, "As It Began to Dawn" (Buck), choir:
solo and chorus, "as Sleep Takes I'lUut" (Shel
ley). C stace Bareford; olio and piano. "Largo"
(i~iaud»i). tig. Andrea Panellu; chorus, "God
Hah Sent His Ange (arranged by I. van-),
-'Kjllan l^ilii-s' Chorus: solo ana chorus. "Worthy
is the Lamb" (harnetl), J. K. Ogllvle: remarks.
PiMtor M. P. Buynton: 'Kestlval March" (Men
delssohn). Craig y Xiii Orchestra: quintet. "Fill
Hid Font With ko«»" (Warre i). choir, assisted by
Miss Col man: anthem, "I he Day of t.esurrec
li.n" (.Max VoKnch). Baptist Oratorio society:
Mizoah benediction, •ongrfgatlon standing: orcan
postinde, "Offertolre" (Wely), llaliet K. Mitchell.
PLYMOUTH congregational CHURCH.
Following will be the order of serivces at
the Plymouth Congregation Church:
. Mornin? Berv:ce— Organ "Fjntasle," Lambert;
doxolo*y. In unison, old Hundred; Invocation;
scripture reading: hymn, 37-: sacred cantata,
The Wonderlul Story, by Ueur;e F. Root, con
taining roadinsi^, solos, duets, qj«rtets and cho
rus; prayer; a : !i'-m. "Tue Heaiirrectlou and the
Life," >hackley; offer. ory; alto so. o, "Jhe Light
of in-- World," Adams; address: anthem, 'ill i
i.-.ir Chris, the Lord ii 1'.i..-n Again," Bu
mens.heln; clmlng i raver; hymn, 359; uentdic.
tion: postlude, >chultze.
Evening service — Organ prelude (Scotson-
Clarke): anthem. "Sing to the lord" (Davis);
Invocation' tenor solo, "Kastertld*" (ilarzo);
anthem, "Hosanua to Our Savior Klnc," with vlo
tin ooligato (Havens); responsive reiwlliic; bass
solo, "Tue Resurrection" (-heliy); an hem, "How
Calm and Beautiful the Morn" (Harens): Scrip
ture reading; soprano solo, "Risen inueed." with
violin oblii{i»to (Marzo): anthem, "Lift YourUlad
Voices" (Porter): prayer: offertory, violin solo,
••l.et-ende" (uellepiaue): duet. "Mugdalena"
(Vinal): hymn 357; ndar-ss; closing prayer;
, hymn 351; benediction; posliutln (Barundel).
SENT II PETITION
TO HUNTINGTON
The People of Wrights
Want Broad - Gauge
Facilities.
Ask to Have a Third Rail Lai
From Los Gatos to That
Point
Efforts are being made by the people of
Wriehts, the station Deyond Los Gato.«,
on the narrow-gauge line to Santa Cruz,
to have the Southern Pucific extend to
them the iaclities of a broad-gauze line,
by laying a third rail from Los Gatos to
that point.
Wright! is the center of a prosperous
fruit and grape growing country, and of
late years has made great strides as a
shipping point. All its products now go
over tb9 narrow-eauge line and must be
transhipped at San Joie or some other
point where the narrow-gauge and broad
gauge roads touch a common point.
This makes such shipments not only
more expensive, but more or less endan
gers the quality of the goods shipped, par
ticularly when they comprise, as they do
largely, green fruits.
It is only a iew years since the third
rail was laid batween San Jose and L>s
Gatoft, but the results have ampiy demon
strated the wisdom of the improvement.
Induced partly by this favombl* outcome
and partly by the advance that has been
made in tne settlement of the country
immediately about Wrights, the res dents
of that section have addressed a petition
to ihe Southern Pacific ask ng for the
same transportation Jucilities that its
neighboring town enjoys.
The petition is now in the hands of C.
P. Huntlngton, ihe president of the rail
road corporation, but has not yet been
considered by the directors of the com
jmny, _
President Huntington was asked about
ihe matter yesterday, and stated that his
attention had not b.-en particularly culled
to the petition.
"Will the petition of the Wright people
be printed ?" I.c was aske I.
'That I cannot say. The matter has
not yet been taken up," he replied.
"When it is considered our decision will
depuid upon what amount of traffic we
get or may expect from that point."
About the proposition to convert the
entire length of the narrow-gauge road
from the mole on the other side of tlie
kav to Santa Cruz, as is also being urged
l>v the people alon* the line, President
Huntington was not at nil encouraging.
He saia the matter had not even been
considered. Another official of the com
pany stated that there was not enough
truffi'j to warrant the expense of •neb a
project at itie pieient time.
CADETS TO HAVE
A CRUCIAL TEST
League of the Cross Mem
bers in a Big Com
pstitive Drill.
Most E ficient Companies Wili
Contest or the Mont
gomery Medal.
Only Four Can Take Part on the 29 h
Inst.— His'ory of the Organi-
Zdt on
The crucial test to determine which four
of th* twelve companies of ifae League of
the Cross Cadets of this City and Oakland
will contest in the big competitive drill at
Mechanics' Pavilion on tne evening of
Thursday, the 29tli inst., takes place to
day at the Pavilion. It will be in the
nature of a tryout to select tbe most com
petent companies to contest for tbe
splendid "Montgomery medal," a golden
emblem stuided with diamonds, pre
sented by Rev. Peter C. Yorke. and now
held by Company G, Captain Power.
Captains Marshall, E,-gert and Filmer
of the First Infantry Regiment, N. G. C.
will judge of the merits of the various
companies, and the result will not be
known until the night of the big drill, in
order that all may be kept in the h.ghest
state of discipline until that time.
Colonel Commanding William P. Sulli
van Jr., who deserves much credit for the
hieh state cf efficiency into which he has
worked the cadets, will oversee to-day 'a
j drill.
The history of tbe organization is an in-
I teresting one, showin . as it doe?, what
persiMHiit and well-directed effort will ac
complish.
The League of the Cross bad been or
gan. 7.».i for some time, when, 111 the fall
of l ■*!•.;, the iJea of lorming companies of j
cacieis ::i the various branches was sug- I
gested to the executive committee by (MM
of Us members. The suggestion met with
but little opposition, and this was caused
by a feeling on the part ot some that it j
would oe an undertaking of considerable
magnitude to properly uniform and equio j
sucii an organization as was propose 1. Of
the propriety vi the feature, and of the
benefit which woula rtotllt to the League
of toe Cross and to the cause of temper- '
anc through it, no one who heard the
suggestion, had any doubt..
The Right Rev. George Montgomery, i
then spiritual director of the league, con
suited with Colonel William P. Suiivan j
Jr. about tbe matter, and the colonel
promise I him bis active co-operation in
the work.
At a meeting of the officers of the
junior branches, held at tbo cathedral in
October, 1893, the announcement was
made that cadets were 10 1 c organized in
the league. The Cathedral branch alone
was represented at the lirsi meeting and
the prospect ot forming c.idet ompanirr,
was siot very encouraging. Thecommutee, j
however, nctine on the a<tvice of B.shop ■
Montgomery and Colonel Sullivm, called I
another meeting in January, 18J4. In the j
interim wor* was quietly carried on, with
what success may ue concluded from, he
fact that on January 7, 1894, the board ol
otlit- -rs of the league was organized.
Tne Cathedral branch, being composed
of the greater number ot members, re- j
ceived the title Company A, St. Cbaries
hinnch was ue^nated as Company B, St. !
Patrick's Company C, Sacred Heart Com- i
pai:y D and St. Francis Company E.
On February 26, 1894, the tirst sieps to
ward a permanent organization were
made. Company A was mustered into
the First Regiment, L. C. C, by Colonel
Sullivan. Then followed the other com
panies in rapid succession. Company B,
St. Chnries Parish, March 5, 1894; Com
pany 0, bt Patrick's, March 11. 1894;
Company D. Sacred Heart, March 30, l.v 4;
Company E, St. James. April 10, 18W;
Cotnpanv F, St. Theresa's, May 15, 1>94;
Company 6, St. Brigiu's, June 8, 1894;
Company H, St. Brendan's, July 17, 1793;
Company I. St. Peter's, December 10,
1894; Company X, S . Paul's, Muy 17,
I860; Company L, Mission Do ores, May
31, 189">; Company M, St. Franch, March
Ti, 18JG.
Com tmny C was dropped on September
19, IHXi, while Company F, being unable
to make nteeh proeres«, was dropped in 1
the lutier part of 1894. Tnese places were I
quickly tihed. Two companies were started
in Oakland, at St. Francis de Sales Church !
and St. Patrick's. They were mustered 111
re-ipertively, as Company N, on October
13. 1897. and as Company F, on October 10, I
1897. Not only has the reeimem the full
complement of twelve companies, but it
ulso has an average of fifty uniformed I
members in each one.
Besides the companies there is a band
of forty amateur musicians, ana among
them are some of tne linest of that class in
this City. Tneir first appearancp will be
on Thursday evening, April 29, 1897, uron
which occasion the caaets will hold their
I -^IS THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- |
S FOR !|
1 QHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, S
H n Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and §
# Kidney Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, j|
2 Headache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swellings, J
|* Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, §_
li Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous to $
iS name here. The most skeptical are convinced after trial. •
cm
| Price, 25c, 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle. S
se* For sale by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Langlcy & Michaels, San Francisco. *8
j£ Li Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, CaL Iljfc
third annual competitive drill. There is
also « field band composed of twenty-four
drummers ana n like number of tilers.
Tne Montgomery trophy, wnich is to be
competed for, is at present in possession
of Company G of St. Brigld s Paii-h,
and "vns presented to the regiment in
April. 1895.
Tne trophy is n massive gold medal,
studded ir.lli diamonds, hnd i« pendent
tror.i a bar of gold Wbicb bears upon it tip
name of the 1 rophy. The center of the
medal proper is embellished with a re
markaby correct likeness o: Bishop Mont
gomery, in ivory, which is set into the
gold of the medal. It is a magnificent
specimen of the designer's art, and apart
from Hie honor of wearing ihe trophy,
which attaches to it by reason of its name
ana by reason ol being won by only ono
company out of the many, it is well worth
the labor of a hard competition on : ccount
of its great beauty.
The conditions upon which it is to be
competed for annually are as follows:
Every uniformed company in the regi
ment is entitled to compete. The decision
of the question oi wh.ch company is en
titled to the trophy is to be given by
three impartial judges, and there i3 no
appeal from their decision. Any company
winning the trophy or three consecutive
years becomes us owner absolutely, and
it will not, in such event, be any longer a
subject of competition.
At the first competitive drill for this
troohy, held in May, 1895, it was won by
Company C of St. Patrick's p iri-h, Cap
tain Edw. Fitzgerald. At <he second
drill, in April, 189 G. Company G, com
manded by Captain E. J. Power, carried
off the trophy.
On the evening of the drill, April 29,
1897, the League of the Cross Cadets band
will, un.ler the direction and leaderthip
of Julius L. Weyand. give a short con
cert, fit which, for the first time, the public
will have an orportunity of hearing the
march whici Roncovieri has dedicated to
the League of the Cross Ca lets.
Will of XV S. Gage.
The will of the late William S. Gage, dated
April 10, 1880. has been filed for probate. His
estate is valued at $100,000. The testator
named Ella S. Gage, C. ?. Hubbell and J. C.
humpton as executors, ail of whom are dead.
The greater portion of the property is be
queathed 10 h.s childreu, William S Ufi«e Jr.
mid Mr*. Hatt.e Gage Mane.
'■?! Jri- KEff TO-DAY.
To the Editor : I have an absolute Cure for
t CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throat and
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been permanently cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure, I
I ■will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
BOTTLES of mv Newly Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A. SLOCUM, M.C., tB^ Pearl St.. New York.
When writing the Doctor, pleasn mention this paper.
rvCTQOANOERS
"^ lil^^l 170 KTUFE! OR PAIN!
pnj^Bßwl 60 page book free
J|B&|fl EHeßP^^ with home testimonials
°' man y Wonderful
/P~fC^GßK&if" M~ 1 1 Cures. Most common
■ Km ~^^L^M 9 V places, woman's breast
'^^^r and man's face and lip.
S.R.CHAMLET.M.I)., 71 & Market St., S.F.
Send to Some One with Cancer
STRONG JIGMK-iSte
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR. RICORD of Paris Is the
only remedy for restoring strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
lowers and stop forever lhe dangerous
drains on your system. They act quickiy,
crea'e a healthy digestion, pure, rich
blood, tirru muscles, ruirged strength,
steady nerves ana clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. Price per box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.50. For sale by all re-
spectable druggists. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt attention.
For sale by Dr. V. Coudory, 4*30 Quincy
Building, Chicago.
tTONB Pfl CHT,
to># Successor to DR. LAI
rgp\ Pu IA I. graduate of
ffifc> Canton MedicK. Cot-
nK H lege. after a verv sac-
s'! ,1 <«s-.fui practice of
'jfly muny year* in China.
tr has lo ai«-d in ciaa
\ Kmni'isco. The our-
* "" prising and marvf'o;n
cures effected by bis
herbs demoustiato
their potence and his
- skill. These herbs
cure over 400 illn>ren\
■••;;••■- diseases, Inc inline
lirltht's Disuse, Dia-
bneo. Consumption,
Asthma, Paralysis.
Brain, Nerve, Cancers, Tumors, Blood, Male and
Female Malaid All persons aillicied with any
kind of malady whatsover »re la«lted to call.
Office. 727 WHHliington Street.
Office huurs— 9 a*m let la m., Ito 9r. M.; Sun-
day. 10 A. M. to 12 m
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
I a FOWEUFUIi APHHODISIAC and
specific tonic for tbo sexual and urinnry oricani
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases >:
the kidneys and bladder. A great Kestoratlrai
Jnvlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merit*;
: no loos- «'i tided testimonials neceaary.
KABKS, Mi- .v IiKUNi:, A nt«. ' '
323 Market St.. h. *•". — (s>,nd tor Circular)
all my^^^S^^dtJ^l^
BARTLETT SPRINGS !
GOOD WATER AND
GOOD HEALTH,
A Positive Cure for Kidney,
Stomach, Liver and Rheu-
matic Troubles.
THOUSANDS Or REMARKABLE CURES.
CWIMMING TANK, TUB AND VAPOR
baths with competent masseurs.
Tennis Courts, Bowling Alleys, Croquet
Grounds, BiUurds, Dancing Pavilion; Orches-
tra plays dally; burros for mountain climbing.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to
$15 per week; housejeeeping cottages, $2 50 to
•fti per week. .
Call or address BaRTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth street, Sun Francisco, or B. 8. Co.,
Bartk-tt Springs, Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CIIUZ, CAL.
California's favorite resort.
J.octtt'd en a flowering slope from the l>e-\ch.
Unsurpassed view of
Leach, Bay and Mountains.
SALMON FISHING. '
Tennis Court, Croquet Grounds and Music.
Reasonable Kuten.
Fort rms addrets
JOHN T. Sl'LllV v.», Manager.
nan ft Irt rt n° T spri * o:i '
PARASOppi
health. rost.rloai-
, ore, rllma'e, accommodations, scenery, flower
' beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plumed
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, m.-is.
f»?e treatment, liuntin; and nnhlng, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for lamiliet. i
i'aralso stands unsurpassed In the state. Plenty
mjoyiiifiii for rouii( and old. Take train Third
: »nd Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. U.
j caily, for s»oledad; Keturn-trip ticket. *«. -Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and I'ostoiUce. For
!lla<itraie(! pamphlets and special Inducements tot
i ihbti. addreaa K. KUBKKTsU.V, Manmet
SODA BAY RESORT.
CHANGE OF MANAGKMEXT.
Soda Bay, situated on C'ear LaVe, Is most pic-
turesque. Spring Is iinriK for the vast volume
lot delicious >oU»water. Iliiniinc, llshlni-, boating
and swim mini: are unsurpassed anywhere. Tue
table is snpp leU with the very best the market
affords, and the comfort i>nd we fu<e of the kii.-slm
curcfully looked after. Daily sttt^e from Pleta to
Soda Bay din-ct. Fare from Ha.i Ira :cUiO $5 80;
rou d trip 910
If B. Jlh. Til. proprietor, Soda Bay, Kelsey-
V!lti\ i.akH Conn y, Cal
01/ A ft ft A? HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
VlB IE I I V 10, only 4 V-: hour* from
111% K B"i 51 ■■ Stl " Jranci^co, and but 9
' vnnUUU mll*-V ,i^i, ?i WateM
noted for their medicinal virtues antl geiipr'lly
conceded io be the finest natural b.-uh water In ine
Mate, Kxcelicnt climate u d «riiii'l mountain
*cenery. Lour distance telephone: daily mail
express: well-s:ocked irout streams, Hound trip
from San Francisco only $5 60. Take Tlburun
ferry at 7:30 a m. or 3:30 p. »c. Terms, *2 a day
or $12 a week.
J. F. MULGRKW. Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
* L A K CO 4 J 1 Y ■MM
TIfI«DKLIC)UTFrL WATEUIKC-PLACE IS
I- located In the mid t of the i oast Kaage.
Aboninin'e of n iueral spilngs. hoi and cold
plunge bains, large S'.viinnii.i«-tnnk of mineral
water, fine -;<>t.e din ing-room : telephone con-
nection*, electric lishls, livery accommodation;
sood troui-Hshliiß and hunting. Kouud-trlp tick-
ets at &P. oilier, 10.
JOHN SPAULOIXO, Proprietor.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
liAVOIUTK UK SORT OF TUB SI-ATE: THE
water is unexcelled V r medicinal purposes;
table unsurpassed; fine fishing an I hunting, store
dmly from i alfstoe^ direct hi springs: round trip
»t ii) itm-rn Pacific olllces $10. D.«. \\\ K.
PJtATHKK. Adam Spring*.
ORR HOT SPRINGS,
HJtlli'S FROM URIAH. FINK KISHING
1 n and hunting. Baths )re«. Water sure cu.e for
rheumatism and all skin diseases. Kound trip
; **> 60. Board. $/ per week. J. 1L OKU. Orr Post-
I oilier, Me:i<locluo County, Ca'.
LAUREL DELL,
PLEASANTLY LOCATED ON LAURF.r. DELI.
X Lake: new groom, new liv. ry stable, .t
is now one of the most Httrncttv** outing places in !
Lake County. Ka;es $8 to $l:Ji>» meet Boating
j and buttling free Brlß<yoai bathing suits. /• d- i
dreg* H. WaMBOLD, ttertha I*. u,, Lake 0., Cal. I
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.,
On the Border of Clear L?ke.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
New hotel erected thU spring Lighted by Elec-
tricity. Hnesl dining-room north of Mm Fran-
cisco. The r 'attst variety of mineral >prlns:» in
America. Waters unsuriassed tor health or
pleasure. Bathing, beating, nuntln,' and tlshin^:
sulmmiiiß tank, daubing, lawu ie:inl-<, croquet,
billiards, bowline, etc.
TAK. ST AT PIKTA, SHORTEST AND
BEST ROUTK TO ALL POINTS IN LAKE CO.
Kound trip from San Francisco $8.
Rates $10 to $lti per week.
J. CRAIG. Manager.
P. F. Office— 3l6 Montgomery sU
HOWARD SPRINGS.
P. 0. , Putali. I.:iko County.
KENOVATED AM) IMI'IUVKD; ACCOM*
modations and table st rv ce strirtlv firs' c:a«s:
; *10 toJl'J: special terms to families: post office and
telephone on premises: round trip $10: ticket-, ac
Southern Pacific <>lli es: tl. est baths in La'»«
County. WALL '('t fPAU LUING. Manager.
GLENBROOK,
ONE OF TICK MOST CHARMING RF.SnRT3
in the -late Fine «<enery, hunting and lisb-
ing. Km - lent tube. For circulars' and further
inlormution address O. W. R. TREDWAY, Ulen-
oroolc. Lake County, Cni.
IiUA UALIESTK SPRINGS HOTKL. SO-
noma Vallt-y; '2 honn t' om San Fra-icisco vu»
llborori ferry. .-. F. & N. P. B. R. ; nvrm mineral
swimming and tub ii.ii li»; hotel comp'e civ remod-
eied, <*nlanrf-dauU li • inlmiuf iv re urnhbed: water.
ca<, electric b*lls In all rooms: *10 io $!•_' per
week, $2 per day. Address AuiiaCaliente springs.
i Asua Culiente, Sor.oma County. Cal.
i •> JvNTLEMA.V AND WIFE. CAN BK ACCOM-
VJ modstea wl;h summer board, with all the
comforts of a nome; iH'ge grounds and garden.
Address box 19, M«>ilo Park.
ANDERSON Sl'lUSlis, LA K COL.NTY,
XV o,i .• May 10; telcplio •*• connections; w re
for circular Address J. AXDEKM > x , MiddiKown.
THE I
WEEKLY
C^LL
— — — — — — _^_ -,■.■-..
o^lt Publishes the Cream of the
J News of the Week and
cJ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o^ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°{ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THE
I J PACIFIC COAST
J \ / r
) The Best \ / Mining
~J Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to date
<={ ___/' \_
°< r — : '
c^' Not a Line of it Sensational
c/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
it Dry or Uninteresting.
©/ Bright, Clean, A Champ on of •
) Thoughtful. Truth.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
) HOME - MAIL, 51.50
<=< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALLTHE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SIMMAKY OF THE MAltKUfs.
j Wheat excited and higher at Chicaao.
Bank Clearings • am over $2,000 COO.
f No Grain markets. , - . ' .
\ increased exports «4 Lumber. 1
' II- av> J'a-on advanced. .'
Nevada Onions arnv 11-.
• Vfgetables continue plentiful.
' Butter in bolter condiiio's. ' v ■.
Cheese and h ggs unchanged. ' '?
Toultry nominal. / . ■ .' % * .
1 < ce!p;s of strawberries increasing. ;
- Lrled Fruit in moderate sta.k. . •
Wool steady. »'. - ' *
Meat market unchanged.
Decreased for^gn imports.
, ■ ' JKOKti<;\ IMPORTS.
Foreign imi-or's at this, port during the first
three monihs of 1897 / were 8 9,-39, 686 against
$11.755,8-5 for the same period of 1896, and in
cluded »1.3-5,4Ui from Ja>-an. 51.256,801) from
China. *2,845,55J from the i awaiian Islands
$816,390 from Gr^-ut liruain and $978,920 from
central America.
EXPOinS OF LUMBER
Exports' of Lumber from this port during the
.first three mouth*' of 1897 were 7.481,000 feet,
VF.iu-d at 1189,169, azalnsi G,6.8.0t0 feet, at
£101, 120, (taring the same period in 1b96.
BAM- C_KARtXGS_ .
Local bank clearing* last week were $14,753,
--418. against $12,641,483 lor the same week In
Ifc9ti. 4
Explanation.
Tire arrow flies with the wind. The top flg_i«si
■l station lndicme maximum temperature for the
Cays: those underneath it. If any, the amount or
raintall, of melted sdow in inches and hundredths;
fluxing •■■ .<• past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid)
lines, connect po!n s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal. temperature. The
word "hich" means hich barometric pressure and
is usually accomDanled by fair weather: "low
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by ' cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows" ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and tho Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low- is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a"hieh" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure foiling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
Will produce an opposite result.
WEATUEK BUBJBAU REPORT.
United States I'kpabtmest of AoEicti.-
TrsE, 'A I--»TIIKK BLKKAI7, csax Francisco,
Ai>i>i 3 7-1697, & p. m. — .1 he following are the raia
ia]:s for the past 24 hours, and seasonal rainfalls
to aate as compared with those of the > same date
last season.
Eureka, past 24 hours. .00, this season 18-04,
last season 42.27; Red Bluff, past 24 nonrs .00,
this season 23.74, last season 17.19: San Francisco.
past 24 hours .00, this season 22.57, last season
17.38; Fresno,- past 24 hours .00, this season
10.53 last season 5.99: San Luis Obispo. past 24
hours. 0, this season 20 71. last season 15.88: Lcm
Auge past 24 hours .00, this season 1674, la«
season 8.88: Han Diego. pa«t 24 hours .00. this
. season 11.63, last season SO: Yuma, past. 24 hours
.00. this season 5.35, last season .88.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
57. minimum 50, mean 64.
Weatner condnions and general forecast:
Somewhat cooler weather prevails this evening
in the interior of California. Generally cloudy
weather prevails along the entire .Pacific Coast.
Partly cloudy weather it reported from the in
terior 01 Oregon and from Nevada. The condi
tions remain somewhat threatening In Northern
California, and win c occasional sprinkler are
likely to occur in various portions or that section
Sunday, they will be infr*quent.
Forecasts made ai riati /rancfsco for 30 hours
ending at midnight, April 18. 1897:
Northern ('a ir ruia— Partly cloudy and probably
occasional light shower-> along the northern coast
tunday: somewhat coo.er in the interior; fiesh
Southwest winds.
Southern California — Partly cloudy Sunday;
frt6h westerly winds.
.Nevada — Partly cloudy Sunday : cooler.
X.' tab— Generally fair Sunday.
Arizona — Partly cloudr Sunday.
*-aa Francisco and vicinity— cloudy and prob
ably occasional light sprinkles Sunday; fresh
southwest wind. \v._|H. Hammon,
Forecast Official.
NLW VOKK MABKKTS. .
SEW YORK, V., April 17,— Except sor some
moderately heavy foreign gales, on which prices
declined, to-day's stock market was dull. Foreign
houses which sold stocks Thursday were free sell
ers again to-day, and this, except the operations
Of small speculators, was all that governed the
course of the prices of stocks.
Large orders, accompanied by unfavorable ru
mo.» of the Cretan criss caused a sharp wheat
flurry to-day. itiay futures opened at 7es,' s
against 76% cat the close of business Thursday,
advanced to 78 1-16 C, with official close at 77J£c
la an hour and' a half of Easiness sales futures
amounted to 7,000.000 bushels. -,'--;
Par silver $ 62
!-terliDg on London, 60 days 4 87
Bterline on London, sight 4 Haifa
V. 8. i's, registered 98 50
V. -8. 4'«, new.,..' ........... 123 70 "
U. 8. 4's, new, coupon 124 75
U. 8. 4's 111.75 ...
V. S. 4's,coud 113 00
V. H. 6'« :......-..-. '.. ...... ...;.". 113 25
U. B. s'», coupon ..:../.....';..".-.;..■. -11* 60 '
WHEAT- 10:80 11:00-12:00 1:00 210
»i»y...:. 7t;r.. H 773 /4 77% .- — .J —
July Till,* 771^ 7Bi/ 8 — -1^
beptember...':. 74Vi •76 - '74^4 " " " "—
s^pot, fairly active for export and higher. No. 1
Jfocthern spr.ng, New York, f.o.b. afloat, B,'Vic- !
Ho. 1 Northern apring DuiUtu, 83i*jC: -No. 3 hard
winter. 7VVic; No 2 hard winter, 79V4c. Future
Closing. April. 80c: May. 77i^c; June, 77V 2 c-
Ju y, V6ygc: Sepitmber, 74 /ic; Uec?mr*r, 77c.
KLOUK- Firmer, owing to the improvement In
the wheaUlr»rie. sales t>loo barrels. Winter, in
bbs. KUDfriinu. $2 t>s(^2>»s: No. 2--xlra. S3 10
ffl:U);.N'o J. >x ra, *3 30©3 55; clears, *:•* 35® |
8 65: straights, $4 05@4 25; pait-nts, $4 45@4 65
ORAIN i'KKlijijT-a — Aevv 1 ork to Liverpool
by steam, "iVaU.
Prod uco.
PROVisioxs-Lard. Prime. $4 4a
PORK-M.*-ss. $9©9 50.
TALI OW— Quoied at 314 c.
J.UlTKH— Western Creamery, 17c.
j (,.-,_T Wea era, B ! 4f*^V2C.
i-riiAK-uia, ctn.nfuga!.'3 B-32c
liIDK-i— loVaC
Dried Fruits.
RAISINS— Quiet. California, 2*Ac; crown 60-Ilr
boxes. 4@5»4c; seeded, 7%^81/oc. seedless Mus
catel. 5V2(3^ B /ic. :s<Brm -' .
CUKItA.»T->— Are' quoted at 4Vs@4 1 /i-5 in bar
re!s and 4Vi@4V 3 c in cases; c.caned buU, sVa@'JC
cartons, ti(ci,: x /2 c. .
I'RL'.N'tS- Faucy stork, scarce, and firm Cali
fornia. 2a-tt> boxes. 4@7V%; 50-h> California un-
I-celed bags. «KaßV 3: boxes, 7^i&.9Vs^: peeled,
12515 c. •'..
APiUCOT-S— California,- boxes, 9@Jsc; bags, 8
« iic - :-.-.'■
, FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
I WMEELOCK & CO.,
\ 1 t-eldeedorff St., Tel. Main 1054.
. rr , r , CENTIAL OWCK . .
, >« Market Kt., falnce Hotel. Pur ly & Atkinson,
" t^. Mimai-ers TeL ."Jain 6144. ; - ;<
uptown Ufflw— Baldwin llote! (adjolnlnitGrm
Kootn). Tel. Main lu9l.
.PURDY, ATKINSON & CLAPP, Manager*. -
it 1 ?. ;u»taiiUy executed on latest market quo
CB i cni HeJerence Ist National Bank. S. F.
PEXCHEs-Flrm. California boxet. 7y.a9V»c.
PaTK*— Persian, 6>--Ib h >Xf s, 2%@4y 4 o; far.l,
boxes, «3,i@s'-. cases, 6 V a (dec.
/ Fins— tancv ordinary, 12@lHc; lane v washed,'
•J. @24c. .
CITROX-Fancy, boxes ll@l2V,c.
ALMONDS—sheiled. lti<a Pc
- WALNUTS -California standard, 6%c; soft
shell, Be. ' .*.
STOCKS AND BONDS.
■*.'•'.„' ,■■ Opening. ■■' Vlotino.
American Sugar ....,:...?i.l 75 $111 a7Vi
American Pugar Pfd... '•  _I
American Tobacco ■>.... 7.0.*, ' ■■ 7100
American Spirit Mig C 0.... • —
Atcluson : ~ 9 S7V,
Hay StHte (ias., • — : — 8 00
Caundian Paclttc ...- — 4000
Central Pacific* ■. \ :
Chicago 81 -62 V» ' 8100
C.B.&Q ..." 7175 71-26
Con. Gas .\ 160 50 IGO 60
• o ..,,.• .; '. . _____
Cordage Pfd.. ....... ...\..:. ■
Denver Hlo Grande Pfa. 36 60 36 50
Delaware it Lackawana.... •. :
Erie..' _= —
General Klectric... .-.-' SO 87V- 30 75
Hocking Va ley : —
Jersey central 77 00 77 1 0
Kansas A Texas. Pfd i' 6 87V_
Lake Shore 63 60
Louisville <fc Nashville 44 00 — — —
Mannaf.an Uon :..... ■ 84 25.'
Uitsoori Had Ac... .*....' ■ • •
National Lead ,
New Haven....'.. ....; ' '— — . :
New York <fe .New- Engiani. — — — I
New York I'emral 93 50 99 00
North Pacific....;...... 1.87 V.
North Pacific, Via 35 DO' 34-5
■Northwestern „ 10.1 0'J 103 00
North American
Oregon Navigation 1 • 00
Oregon Navigation. P.d.,.. -10 00
Pacific Mail 26 tiVVi
Pullman 1J.9 00
Quicksilver (con Exennge).
Kock Island 6-' IK) 61 76
Beading: is 25 18 25
Southern Parih'c 14 00
St. Paul..'. 7225 ' 71 ts7Vi
Texas Pacific.
Tenn<?sse- Coil & Iron 22 12>/ 3 22 00
Union Pacific 5 25 6 00
U. S. Leather 6 75 6 7i»
U. S. Leather, pfd 54-6 5-4 00
Western Union , 80 37 yj, BO S7»A
Wabash, Pfd.... '
NEW YORK BA>K STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. N. V., April 17. — The weekly
bank statement shows the following change*:
Reserve, iucrease, ?796,85a; loans, increase,
$1.450 600: specie. Increase, $755,90!); legal
lender, increase, *776,600: deposits, increase,
$2.942,6j0; circulation, decrease, sl34,4oo; banks
now hold *46,566.900 in excess of requirements
under the 25 percent rule.
• CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, tab, April 17.— May wheat to-day
closed at 733ic, a cean advance of *YsC since
Thurslay. Tuis advance on short Saturday ses
sion is attended with much excitement, ana the
session throughout was as lively a one as has
been witnessed in many month*. Kvery one
wanted to buy wheat, but tnere was little for sale.
There are several reasons for the sudden frirht of
shorts. The more immediate cause was a report
from New York that wheat went up 3 cents a
bushel tuere anil at Antwerp and Berlin about 2
cents.
Provisions were decidedly higher and more
active. Toe principal factors were a sharp ad
vance in wheat and liberal baying. Casa trade
however, is unimproved. *
Tbe ho* market opened stronger, but closed
quiet. Keceip s, 11,000. Estimate! receipts for
Monday, 24,000. Total for next week. 1 15,000.
Pa kers bought 9400. shippers 2800, left, ovrr
1600.
theep steady. Receipt* 2000. Estlaate. re
ceipts for i-ouday, 24,000.
WHEAT- 9:30 30:00 10:80 11:011 11-30
May t9*4 7li£ 713/, 7114 7.
July tit)i 71 Vi 71 a . 707 ;* 7HA
September.,. .. 67% b9Vs .6s^i __«* 69 1
12:00 12:. 0 1:00 1:15
ADril 738/ i
Hay 738/ i *
Ju1y..... 73V 2 — — — '
Erepiember 71 __
BARLEY-23J^@3Hc. V V.'
CORN— April. _3 %c; May, 24VaC
OATS— April, 16V-c; Mai-, ITc
RYK-34C. ■'
FLAX-76U-C.
TIMOTHY— S2 65.
Produce. ,
PROVISIONS — Pork- April, $8 47V_: May,
$8 47V3W 1 * 6U Lard-April. $4 89%; ldlv\
*4_2--'i a . Suort ribs-April, $4 75; May ?i 75®
4 i7Vs- .
Livestock. <
BOOS— $4®4 20: mixed. $4@4 20: heavy
$3 75@4 221^,: rough, *«75@:4 9j.-
CAI I LE-Hoeves, $3 90@5 bO: cows and heif
ers, $2 05@4 45; Texas s:eer-, 93 40@4 40; .Kick
ers and leed-rs, $3 O@.-i 50.
SHEEP-Native shcep,s3@s; Westerns, »3 80
($5; lambs, *3.76@a - ■ • '. -
WHEAT IN" ST. LOUIS. *
ST. LOUIS, April 17.-July wheat lacked i/,c of
a 4-cent jump on board trade; tbe sharpest ad
vance of the ear. The. market opened 73»._c. clos
ing at 772/ B e. --' .
,-■-. _'y--. >'..,■-: ' « ■
lOREIuX MAKKKTS.
London.
LON-DON. Esa, April 17. - Silver, 28 7-16-
French rentes, 102f 70c.
Liverpool.
WHEAT- Ka 1 standard California wheat
2^s 3a; carcoes Walla Walla wheat. 28s; cargoes
• ■ff <. oait. nrm: cargoes on passage, firmer: tug
liah country j^arkets, quiet.
FEODUCE MARKET.
The Produce Exchange has adjourned to Mon
day, hence quo; is for W beat and other cereals.
MitJstuff 3, ieedstufls. Brans, etc, are omitted.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Asparagus is firm. ' The market Is full of Green
Peas and Kirn barb.
Two cars of Onions are in from Nevada. New
Potatoes ar- nlzber.
PuTATuES— New Potatoes. IJ^@2l4c f, Ib:
Sweet Potatoes, $ j@l 76 *? ctl: Early Rose, 60&
75c * ctl; Kiver iteds, 70@8Oc; Burbant Seed
lings, 60<»60c 9 ctt for Klvers and 60<g>80c for
Pe;alumas; Oregon Burbatikg. 65cgt$l la
ONlONS— Oregon?, S3 25^3 75 ft ctl. Cut On
ions. SI 25@1 76 %4 sack. Nevadas. S3 65. Aus
tralian Onions jobbing at Ss@& 50 9 ctl.
VEuETABLK.S— ReceIDts were 1350 boxes As
paragus. 650 boxes Rhubarb a' d 514 ska Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers q notable at f>Oc@sl 25^
dozen; Asparagus. ?6c@Vl 26 91 box for common,
SI 5041 7b for choice and S2@2 25 for fancy:
J'.hubarb, -;@jOc V box or orjin&ry and 75c($
5125 for choice large; Marrowfat Squash. $b(<s7 »
ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes, V* box: Dried
Peppers, 6@Bc 9 Ib; Ureen Peas, M)c@Sl -.'5 per
sack; Los Angeles String Beans. 6(cp*c %i ft;
Dried Ok B@9c * Bt; Cabbage. 75®85e ■» eti;
Carrots, 25@30c ¥ sack: Garlic, lJ/ 2 S'-c 9 S>.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTEIi — Arrivals era getting Into better
shape with the cooler weather. No change in
prices.
I'REAJfEEY-Fancy creameries, 13@13Vic; sec
onds, 12@12'/ c r &>■
Dairy— Choice to fancy, ll@l2c V Ib; lower
■ grade*, B@luc. - - . .
Pickled— l 3y 2 4c '<#, Jb for new.
Firkin— l3ffll4c %* Ib lor new.
Crkamery Tub— Sew, 14c * \b.
CJiiiKaE-Choicemlld new, 2 «t7c 9 ft: com
mon to good, 6Y @6c: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
YounK -America, 7@Bc; Western,, lie; Eastern,
13@15c V to.- ■ ~ • ,-, ... , »
>■«« s-Kanrh k«ks. lU^Bl2c; store Eggs, 10($
lie $ dozen; Duck Kgjts, He 'fl dozen. : *
/: ! .J. • POULTRY AND. GAME. ..; V. •
POULTRY — Was nominal yesterday, as usual
On Saturday.
Live Turkeys. If @16c for Gobblers. ie@l7c for
Hens: Gt-eso & pair. 81 50@2; Goillnijs. 82® I
2 60:' Ducks, «4@5 for old and $t>(§,7 50 lor
youiiß: liens. S4@6 60; Boosters, youug.s7®B 60;
do, old, *4(a,4 60: - 1 ryers, S8(«6 60; broilers, Ss@
6 tor large aud S3fa,4 60 for small; Pigeons, 9 1 7a
o*■ V do* for young and $1 60 for old.- .
GAME— Hare, nominal; Rabbits, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AID CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts of Strawberries are increasing. Or
anges sell well.
DEOIUUODS FRUITS
<^- r 6 L ®MSr 1 « 8 "a 60C ® 75 * drawer for large and
Apples. sl<aa -f, box.
C S^5^Lr2 C i T8 — Navel Oranges ar« quotable
at $2<sS 50 * box; Seedling*. $l<3il 50 V box;
aiedlUTraneun Sweets. SI 2.^,1 oo%» boxTl-eiii
ons, vac@fi 25' lor common and 81 50(22. 25
for pood to choice; Mexican Limes, t5«6 b'x-
California l.Jmes. a $l V bx: Bananas, *1&2 fi
bunch; Pineapples, $2<»4 %* doz. *»«**•
DRIED' FKUIIS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
.Mthou there is not much business stocks ar«
decreasing all the time and are now light.
DEIKI> FHUITS-Quotatiobs are as follows-"
Peaches. 4@6V 3 c Ib; fancy, Bo a ft. n«-led
7«dllc; Apricots. -B<3>Bet aToorpark*. \S@V'c'
evaporutoa Apples, fc®sy 3 c; sun-dried, i@3c*
Prunes. 2^yi/ac for the 4 sizes: white tin ie :
Plums, 4(a4^i: lor i Itted and l@lV4c for ui'm t*
led: Nectarines. a%@s^c» it, for plfme to fancy
Pears, v;i^@4c for wuole. liV2®6v: for quarters and
2(o, 0 for halves.
BAlSl.Nb— • • -
I'our-crowu, loose. 5%c; 3-rrown. iVic; 3-crown
£>/•«'¥'&>; seed <nis oullanos, 6@)si/^c; seedless
Muscatels. 41/2 C; S-crown London layers. «I@l V5
clus:e s. 91 60;, Dehraa clusters. <!j 50; lu.]>eriai
clusters, $'i 60: dried grapes out.
UTS— smuts quotable at 8®10c; Walnuts.
6%®7c ft Ib ior standard una 9iiSSVzC * Ib for
(.shell: . Almonds, 6@<sy s c for Languedoc, B@
31/3 C for hardshell (mil B@9c V- Ib for papers hi-l. :
I". Tiinii s, 4@6c ft Ib for Eastern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, \@6c D ■ Ib; Pecans. 7V-«
He V Ib: Filberts, 7 i/<:@Bc; Brazil Nuis, 7y ©Bo:
CtHounuts «6@5 f.O V 100. ■
. .HiA.N.t.y-t'Qißb.. io@l 3 , lor bright and ; oe9d.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.-
tor lower grade*; waur-white extracted, s@sy c
li-t lit Kinb-r extracted. 4i^@4'4ic; dark amber.
•iSBilAjL'; daifc, -J@Hc ¥ Ib. '
BtKS\VAX-22®a5c ?* Ib. ,- -
- . PROVISIONS.
The heavier sradei of Bacon bare advanced and
lome 0 ".antes In Lard appear. Hamiare steady.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7V_o* lbforheavv. He
%* !t> for light medium. »c for U*ht. 10c V Ib
for extra light and l'Jc %i Ib for sugar euro 1 Km',
em sugar-cured Hams. 1-V_c rH'lb:'- California
Hams, lie V* Ib: Mes* Be»f, $9 V* bbl: i extra',
mess do. $3 50: family do, $ 1 )@lO 50: extra
1-rlme Fork, $8 BO: extra near, $14 ■•54 bul; uieas,
•12 'l* bbl: bmo.ed Bee . 10c «> Ib. '
I L >RD— Eaitern tierces ure quot<*d at S*4c for
compound and »'>^c tor p'ire: pails. 7c: Cal
ifornia tierces, 41/2^ tor compound and f>y.e lor
Dnre: half-bbls, 6V_2: 10-lb tins, 7c; .10 5-lb 7 Vic.'
COTTO__.NK—t>c in tierces and 7» 4 M»Jy«c in
10-Ib t;nv
I HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND. HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy Halted steers, Sc: me
dium. 7c 1* Ib; li*ht, «Va@7c; Cowhides. t>V_@7c;
S;nfi3. Sc: salted Kip. 6 *7et* tb; salted Calf, 7 v _Bc:
saited V*_l 6©7 c: dry Htdes.\J2%<Bl3c: culls and
Drands.9J,ifg)loc "fi a: dry Kip ana Veal, !>@luc
dry, Call. fie; culH, 10c; Goatskins, 20®35c eacii;
Kids, Be; Deerskins, coot! summer. 25c V Ib
mr-ium, . -0c: winter, 10c ; theep-«klrm, shear
lings. lOja 2oc each: short, wool, 2Nfe4oc each
medium. 40<5J50,: each: lon* wool', 5c eacn-
TALLOW— No. I, rendered. 2" ; «@3c «i Ib; No. 2
!2V»c: refined, 6c: Urease. « V Ib. '
M'OOJ— Spring cup Is quoted as follows: Moun
tain, ll@l4c V Ib: Foothill, 10@12V_c: ban Joa
quin, year's clip, 7sSlOc; do, seven months, B<q,llc
%i Ib: X'ev da«, 10<j}14c; Eastern Oregon. 7<aioc
HOPS— 6Mltc tor lair to choice aud 9»10c « Ib
for fancy. " l
GENERAL UKROUANDISE,
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Baas, spot, 4 c; Jun«-
July delivery, 6»ic; san Quentln, $5 40; Wool
Bags, i'4@27c.
COAL— Welling; on is quotable at $8 f» ton;
New Wellington, taper ton: i-outhtieid Welling
ton. $7 BO *. ton; i-eattle, $5 Button: Brvant.
$5 60; Coos Way, *4 75 $ ton: Wallsend, *7'
»4 ton; Cumberland, tl3 50 » ton in bulk and $15
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Ege, $11 (sl2 »
ton: Welsh Anthracite, *8f«10: Cannei. $8 * ton- 'i
lock Springs, CasU« Uat* and ±*leasnnt Valley,
i, 60: Coke. $11@12 In hulk and $13 » ion lnbka.
CANNED SALMON -The Alaska Muckers' An
joclation quotes Red (Salmon as follows: In lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c f, dozen; 50,000 cases, 9214 c
V dozen: 76,000 cases, Size H dozen, net cash 1. a.
b. ex-ship.
BUUAK— The Western Sugar Relinlnir Company
quotes, terms net cash : « übeaud Crushed «nd Fine
Crushed. «c: Powdered, SV«|C; Dry Granulated,
47/ 8 c: Confectioners' A, 41/ ac: Magnolia A, 4VWC:
K.xtra C. 4%c: Golden c, 4^c: Candy Granulated,
Be; half barrels Vie more man barrel*, and boxes
*/ie more.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressud stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6c; second do, sas^ic; '
third do, 4®4i-' a <; V- Ib. ■ . .
VKAlo— Large. s©6c; small, o@7c'i»ltC. " ;
MUTTON— Wethers. sVa<«6c; Kwes, 6C?I m. ' '
ILBpriu1 L B priu ? 1 6 7 % c * »>• • - ■
PORK— lave Ho&s, S^o for lartte and Sai®
4c for small and medium; soft Hogs, 2*A<&sk'
dressed do, s<s6i£c.
THE STOOI MARKET.
Mining stocics closed the week at a slight ad
vance over Friday's quotations.
The Hale Jt Norcross assessment falls delinquent
in board tomorrow.
The South Swansea Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of f 7500.
The ilorning Star Mining Company of lowa Hill
has declared lis seven ty-siith dividend ai the rate
of $5 per 4 hare.
The Calume t and Hecla Copper Company w ill
pßy a dividend of 95 Der shar - o:: the 28d
The HomestaKe ( Dakota^ Mining Company will
pay a dividend of 25 cents per share on the •_»Bth.
l"he New York and Honduras Mining (. ompany
will pay it dividend of *\b, ooo on the BQkn. This
will make 560.000 this year, and »742,500 from
the s.urt.
Following Are the Hfgh«st Friosi Dnr
i"K tba Pmt U p- k.
■ feTOCK. .
Alpha ....
Alt* _..
A tide* ..
Belcher
Best&BelchK..
Bullion _....
Caledonia
Challenge
Chollar ....
ton. CaL & Va..
Confidence.......
Crown Point
Gould & Currr
Hale -v Norcroji
Mexican
Opblr . ....
Orerman ... j
Occidental.......
J'OLOsl.
Bavac«
Beg. Belcher...
"tandaril..
Sierra A'evada.
I m0a.. ......
Ul*U "
l»uuw JacJcat.:
;
Mon. Tuea.|\Ve«t. Tbra. i Kn H Ssau I
11 1'- 11 10 0$ OH
oi Us»j te iO»i .us 07
-.4 ml aa 2. *u 'i-i
li> S6 3^ 36 bt: ati
67 71 70 tM b7 72
1- 1- 13 12 1j 10
ii Vi 1> la 12 12
«6 3C 8i 33 38 33
i.2t l.a^ i.xu l.vo i.se 1.3a
170 1.7f 1.76 1.55 1.6. 1.75
i-.. 1.1 • i.l. 1.03 1.05 1.10
15 1 14 VZ 14 li
86 ( 37 3. -I 36 39
. M>| y>. . 9o Sb: Sb »J9
- **> *> 4! 46 46 4S
1.05 l.lt; l.Oi 1.0«; lOf 1.10
08 We • Ob - 06 06 0(5
.- 16 13 16 16 I>. t 14
60 71 6' 6.1) 71 t9
18 '1+ v.6 ar •_'•. a.<
05 U5 ' Ub ' l>4 - >::- u5
.1.b5 l.ht . 1.6L 1.6J I.HC i.6u
4! 6. 5i 49 51 62
'l"i .. 2' .27 24! . lift '^4
t/6 .07 07 07 06 06
•Jt> 28 27 24 2i> -.'»
BOAitlJ SALES.
rrllowi.'.c were the t«-i«s In the San FranciKO
fleck Board yesterday:
"■Mil MORNINB SIUSIO77. rnWMttriv, P:SO.
I<|»l;4K 67|500 BUS P0t051....68
!00Ch011ar.1.3025J Mexcn....46 10J .v»... ' 23
560 1.26 6J 47 100 Seg Bel.. 05
100CC*V...1.6t W00ccd1 ;..... 14'ailJ *-s«v~. 6.
600 O* C.....3t 70J Ophlr... 1.04150 Btnrd..a.Bo
Following wen ii»» ****£ in the Pacino stock
J-t«id yesterday:
BKOUL*E PFMiosr— II.'TI. '
200 Alt* 08 50J C Imp.. . .011300 0edd..... .1S
20 J Andes 24 500 '■•. 65 ) Oonlr 1.10
SO 1 £elcn«r... J7 800 U Point... 14 2 JO OTrmnV. 05
1850 8...67 1500 «4»J. ..a575i I'oio. '.'6B
1850 711600 36 760....^ " 69
athi i;ulllon.™lMso H*.N BS»4Oi r-»v» f. .V 3
USO Ca1eda....12 100 Julia. 04 500 Scorpion 04
660 .....IS 200 Justice... o4;«oU b8*tt....04
250 Ctoall«e...Ss|loo Kentck....os'4 «0 is«v._ . 51
550 Choir... 185 100 ...._ OtiJOOSIItII „ Ois
bW 1.3U 1500 L Wash.,o) 100 StJrd.. l'tto
2000 IX*V M I.HO|4OO Mexican..47 3UJ Uiuou... "6
•*OOO 13/ 4 400 48 2jO Dtah...."07
15tt Conn... 400 .\v Qu....05 300 X j«tiiti.,v&
200 CX V 03j
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
" SATOKDAY. April 17 . 12 v.
Tifi.A""*. ■ JSl'L.f/c-i.
AtVtiTftn.-... 08 0! ?n!t«  04 «'5
Alia. 07 Oh 'n5t1ce..'..'....! — 04
indw. ........ '-• 24 Kentnck.. .„. 05 07
Belcher '■'■'< . Sb .Mexican. 48 49
JB«it dsßolcaat 68 b9 Nevada Qaeea. 10 —
JBeaton coa.. . — 16 occidental.. . is 14
Bullion 10 12,Ophlr ' '.HI 1.06 110
Caledonia. 12 13 Overman-.. ._ 06 utS
Choliar 1.25 1.30 rcto«L .„._ «« 69
Con.Cal<kVa...l.7O I.7s!savage. „ 23 24 ;
CnaUencd Coo. 33 W -i-otpion! . • — 14
Con. Import*.. 01 til 3 eR. Belchirn t4 05
Confldeuce..-.. 1.10 1.15 -liver JIM.. . 11l »a
ion .New Kuu 11 — sierra Narad*. 61 62
Crown Pome. 16 14|iandard l.bo l.»&
t-antblerraN*/ — -iynoica^. ..'J. _ H
JturekaOoa... — fib uniouwm "4 o«
txctiOQuer .... 03 <,- ii»u... uu 18
tevuiu«currr. 80 4l> Vcllgw 4W«. 25 "7
Juki** Auicr*. 88 90 - .-• *
fcTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. SATURDAY. April 17-10:30 A. X. :
.*-'. . - .. . IMI tl) bTATM UOiiltS.
. . ft*. ' «*w. j/ct >ite<L
C B<s fono.HSVallS £ *4s rag... 109 *iOV»
Jjocou- icsuelV3VSt - "•'. • ■ . 1
' ' «I»C»I,U>KnrT« BOVM. !
Cal-sLCb!*9a. 112 - — OakUaa &s.. — jnt :
CalKlecL6« — 130 Lo i:u la 5 5 . . . -, 109 1
CntrauWSs 06% l<« jomnioiM Os.. 120Vj121 '
Dpnt-stex-cp — 100 ll'&Ußytij _' Hi '
dsn JUt B» 1 2 7 i/ 2 l 2 9 l\fcCh &v 6*. — ] 0 3
>atCHP.U6sIOS jO7 Pwl-ncKßailla la
Gearr-st Kss — 105 heno,WLtfcL — 10
« v«tsiV4».lUo _ -iwto Pi 1. _ 30J '
LosAllgLiii 92Vgl0a fcF&NPKe^IO-i lU3
Uountesa 6§ 98V»1UO *PKltArliSi 92 94
Mkt-stCble6sl23i, l24*/4 107 1071 A
DoKyCon 6s. 10b 301JV2 >»PKRtalsi. i>6 —
-Nat VinOs Ist — 10U >PBrKCal6i. 8714 99
♦N«vC.N«li7*. - 105 bV Water o*. U7%118
NKyCal B«.103i^l05 >,VWater4*. 101 102
ft iiy vi m. — — i&tktnUdiitJi nyi,. 3 iuui a
v ATK» STOCK
Contra Costa 38i,i 40 I -Sprn* Valley 9814 981/-
MarlnCo..... 48» /4 t>l%| /o *
•''•A»ASt_i> Kx-Kcram iTwitt
Cap!f*l...._. — 30 Pacino Lien; — 51
Central 881^ - SVUAKIn. 148.: toiA
MKlecLUm 9 9Vi>anFranc»ca lit 2&Z
U*fc «i L <jc H 68»/ 54 laMKJtUw.,... _ m /B
fiw ou JUi,< — V- j
-, ITI ■%«< »TOCKI.
Flreman'sFrtlßJi^ — • I:.
-. 1.0XM.i...1.ii HAV< «Tl-Xl *""*
Ando-0.1... 60 — : First Nation! I*l l/. _
Bank or Cal.. 287 241 . i -oiidonF*A. 127y« -
Lai hi>dtT Colo7 108 Vi ilerchKx.... 12 -
>AViS«« ,»<K «Tf».'.t«.
R^rSAi,Co.l3so 1400 !BftT&Loaa.. _ io>
UumbS<tL.liO 1 — Security 359 _ i
Mutua1....... 38 40 UniouTruM.sSo — ■
tts«v (J 1110a 449 Vi — I
'.; 'aTBXKT Railroad BTOCK^.
California... .lo.l^ — OaJcSU&H*/ _ 301
Urary-at 36 — Presidio..,.. 4 5
MturKeirati... %4 44 Vj -
'■_;■'-. »-O\\. .^ 'T<V-K«.
Atlantten.., ■ 17 laiantOoa.. fO si
Calitornla.... 80 110 IVl^oriL — 70c
Kkstern JJ ... ;80 • : b6 I '
Alaska rkn. 102 IOBS 4 Nat Vino — . 71^
Ocr Lead Co. 100 — : Keanlcsauo 22 £4
HawC&SCa. , lhs/ 8 16 Pac Aux Fa 2 4
Hutch s»Plo -5Va PaeßoraxCo. (>9 — •
MtIKxAWU. 90 — i»'ari lViniiM tf —
, . «ALE»-JIO»SISU ats3i.j>.
Board—
65 Hutchlnson 8 PCa __ v as 60
80 KF Gas & Electric Co P5 VO
10 VWawr 1. 98 25
 .. nir**i— j t ,
81030 Turk A Cliff House 8end5. ....... 101 00"-'
HOTEL AREIVALS.
* J «V GKAXD HOTEI-  .
H Oassaway .Smart aviile E lunar.. Dutch Flat f ..
11 Devlin, ?*hCto . D Falconer. Key
W JJieirlch, thicngo y. H Atkins, Colo
A smart, cortland '■ . J A Ucv, in .
X Silver- tone, cal , Jl iss M Downer, Oakland
\V Wu.iice, Eureka . ' Miss Pollock, btockion
.1 S .viurruy, liurrk » i> MunforJ, N V ' ■-
HA Wickiuan. X V viss WlcKman. NY ..-, ■
.Mrs iiiin^iiis, Chicago ' II v Kowland, Mm i
J A Nearv, l'iovdence M X Bailey, Chicago
Mr< T Film. Sun J .an i Mrs T Ffi»t Jr. tJnlcago
A Zuckerman, Mon'r.ua B Horau»on, hacio
Jli itrHiU'.v. pierced •■ Mrs Carson. NY
311.1 Cttrsin.'N V -. V Sumliard. .Yicn
T W I>ibtle, Belmont : Miss F Howe, lac Grove
.Mi-» M Mini h, San Bias A iriatit &w, >a:i Jose
C il ay ward, wo. aside .Miss Kla.kl.n. 1 usoßob.e
Jl Garden, Hedw<iod .- ' W Power, M V
J Zevelev, Wa.stiing.on ¥ Hoclopp <* w, Martinez
« V ale &w, Wls 1> 11 Han. Chl(H«o •
J () Allen, C«l G Hall Santa Kosa
U O Haub. Cal UK Blair, i'a
OJf Foster, Corning C Hu i liius'jn, Mock ton
PALACE HOTEL.
L King, X V L Walker, XV
J O Yocum.Palo Alto V\V Burnett, Xos An;
Ksstinrp Philtioelphla J a Brown, 11l
II H Brown. 11l Mrs SI B Brown, 111
Mrs X S (Sharp, 111 firs ' >irs O.irlund. • nun >
Miss Garland, Ontario Nell McK.inn«n, Ontario
Mrs White, Fall Kivcr ■ B B Gavin, S lverton
•Mrs Mounler, 11l .1 l>uillett, 1.1 ;
Mis nurse i horn, XV F A West, sue c ton
G 8 Pay son, Chicago "" .1 X Mmdock, N V
Mrs GII Iloldeu. NY .1 II Young, lowa
A F Schmidt, .\ V Mrs J H Young. lowa
J W Moore, I'uilit Mrs X It Scares, 111
: BALDWIN HOTEL.
B Holmes, >' V GS £>yer, X V
M Dlily, Oakland L Kng.es, Oakland
a Morducia, Mincer ' C Smith Stockton
C A J ones, Ueno - E i) .-^talr A w. Ward &
W H sinc:«ir, St Louis . Yokes Company ,
J M Miller & W, • l.i i osa Miss Mi., r. Hivi.it tiO3a
J ¥ nee man & w, st PaulD it C»mero:». N V « -.
it L Bilges, Sacramento Miss Burkliailer, PaloAl
Mrs Uibsun, Livcrmore A > Jumps it w, llay.viU
Krtie h Kcit. XV ! \ ■ Mlsa B Lacey, X V
H C Waltlier. N V Prof Hob.-l, N V
EGM Mi pmun, .V V H>V Hess <fe w, X V
W D Davis. >an a Rosa II Moore, bauta Rosa
B Abbo.t, Seattle " F Curdwell, -Frcs..o
.Miss Watts, I. ut c - EJ Buckley, Valiejo
BICYCLES POa THE INSAITE.
The Wheel Rocom mended for Patients
at Several State Asylums.
One of the most notable instances of the
efficacy of the bicycle as a remedy- for in
sanity, says the Chicago Chronicle, is
found at the Michigan state Asylum for
the Insane at Ealamazoo. The patients
at this asylum take, daily rides on the
w heel and parties of from five to eight
lunatics in charge of two attendants are
likely to be met with on any of the coun
try roads running out of the city. To the
uninitiated it would seem odd, indeed, that
the regulation country highway should be
chosen for the wheeling parties in prefer
ence to the well-kept roads of tbe town.
There is a reason, however, and a very
good one it is, too. The tougher the road
the more necessary does it become for the
lunatic cyclist to uevote a great deal of at
tention to hi- machine. The result is that
white riding In this way he has no oppor
tunity to thinK of ' the peculiar mania
which may afflict him, and his mind takes
on a healthier tone, his thoughts are those
of a man with an unclouded brain, and he
become, for the time being, practically
sane. . ;. s
The Kalamazoo doctors say that they
have never yet heard of a course of treat
ment which causes self-Jorgeiiuiiu-ss in a
degree even approaching that produced
by the use 01 the bicycle. Instead of
moping in the asylum or taking forced
exercise about tue grounds' the lunatics
who are considered tit subjects lor instruc
tion on the wheel are taken every week
I from the Kalamazoo asylum on < the
wheels to Long Luke, ten miles distant,
or to one of the chain of smaller lakes not
so far from the asylum. A plentiful
lunch is taken along, and the occasion be
comes a veritable picnic. '*.-
Of course, on trips of this kind some
tires'are bound to be punctured, the gear
ing is sure to get out 1 of order and 1 more
j or less other mechanical difficulties en
countered. The "result of all mi* is that
the lunatic has no time at all to become*
melancholy. The exercise, the fresh air,
the unwonted cause for thoughtfulne;s on
new subjects, all contribute toward wooing
I the return of reason. ■""..'
The State Asylum for the Insane at
Middieiown.-N. V., is another institution
that considers the bicycle a means to ren
der help to the insane. The wheel has"
beeVusad at this asylum for some months
with the most, gratify inj;re.siij;s. It is
found that ii promotes doc;i:ty among
tne patients, who en joy, the excursions,
and invariably induces a far healthier
condition of the mind. It also acts cs an
incentive toward good behavior on the
part of others, w..0 have not been per
mitted to ride, the change in their atti
tudes being brought about by the ?ight of
the keen- enjoyment which the lunatic
riders seem to take in riding. . . .
Dr. rjelden H. Talcott, medical superin
tendent of this asylum, is an enthusiast
regarding the wheel as a beneht to per
sons of unsound mind. "It is, in my
estimation," he said, "beyond question
that the bicycle' will eventually become a
permanent institution in every insane
asylum. There is no doubt whatever that
the tendency of cycling by insane persons
is toward the restoration of reason.
"Of course I do not mean to say that
every crazy person should be permitted to
ride a wheel. As & matter of fact, cycling
sbould only be allowed among that class
of patients in an asylum known as tue
convalescent, and others whose mania is
not of a violent nature. , I venture to pre
dict that within five years mere will no
be found a medical man with knowledge
of insanity and insane people who does
not favor wheeling as a curative process."
i ,m _ » V 1
Spain has more sunshine than any other
country in Europe. The yearly avernge
in Spain is 3010 hours, that of ltaiy 2300, '
Germany 1700, England 1400.
THE CALL. CALENDAR,
April, 1897.
\v.
Kr.|M».
9 I 10
©.New iioi
\j) Aj.rll 1.
3 First Qimr
■~* April 1(1
18 17
ii
13
La
IB
Full Moon.
April 16.
IS
31
22
n
21
€L««t
AI
25
•J8
29
I •; !i
OCJSA^v sIKA»M:\ " t-> -^
l>ntp« of Departure From San Francisco.
HTKAMKK
lllt>TlNATl<>V.
" v r r,H
I PIKIt.
Viueen, |
Corona ■
PomonH.;.. i
C'C.y of JPara
Dei None., l
Koreka..... :
AURtralU... :
b0D0!. .'..:.. :
Homer....;.
WalUWalla
Gaelic......
Cznrlnn ;
Santa Rosa.
Humboldt..
Columbia.
Arcaia.
loos 8ar.. .. '
Faralloo....
Orizaba.. .... '
Umatllla.... ;
i luilii.u ;.,.;.
,s«n D1ec0. ....
i llumboldtliitt
Panama. ...... i
l tJrays Harbor.
, Newport ...... |
Honolulu-.... i
Uravs Harbor,
foos Hay ;.... :
Vic JtlV; »no
Chiun <&Japab
i'OOS iSnv j
Han Dleeo •
Humboldtßay ■
Portland j
<:oos ii*y ......
1 Newport.....: •
' Y&aatna Bar. :
Mexico.'..,"...'. i
, Vic<& I'M Snd !
lApr ih.iiiAM
Apr JK.Uam
I Apr is Iru j
Apr 19. la m
Apr 19 6th
Apr -'0. Vak ;
! Apr 'ia 2fm I
Apr 20.12 u
Apr M, 6pu
; Apr '.-■). tin I
Apr 21. lpu '
i Apr '21. rju I
Apr '^2 11am
Apr U uni j
Apr tB.lO4M|
Apr '<!3. 4ru I
■ Apr 24. Vah
Apr 25. 9a u
Apr 25.10am
Apr •<•». 9am
I li.f tf4
I I'ler 1 1
i nm 9
1- M H »
Pier 88
; nwrll
iPler 7
1 Pier 2
inerlS
I Pier 9
f Ma s
i ri*t H
I nerll
| Pier 3 .
Pier 24
I Her I (
let II
Pier J
: Pier 1 1
I Plrr»
STKAMKKn TO AKKIVK.
■-•TKAMISfI
Kbok
I>UK
Truck** '... Tillamoolc Bav
City of Peking.. China and Japan
Waahtenaw ..;. il'acoma ..;...'..;......
8nn0u...i...~.— •■ Uray» Harbor ..-
hi; lea.. .... Stwporu...^ .^
Orizaba i M«x1c0. .,..."
Crwcanc Citv. .. i Crescent City;....
H0mer... ....;.. i Coos '8ay;;..;. ..........
Czarina Looi Urn/
Columbia ...... i l'or:!an<i. ...... ..........
Pautit Hosa .... Sau Dieeo _
Mineoiß ......... ''l acorn ...
foraoiia. ....J. Hnmooldt Bay
Wlllameito i s*»ttla
TiUamoolc | Portland
Koriti 1-orc. ... I Humboldi
Humboldt......' I Hinnno'.dL Bay. .........
Coo* 8ay. ...... .Newport. .*.;.;.,...;
Arcata coos Bar
rmatllla.. Victoria A Pueat Sound
Farallonv. .':.... Yannlna May .. . ....
Acapuico. ...... | Paoama..
<orona KanDieKO ....... r. ......
Q'lF^n ;,;*.... P0rt1and. ...... 
Apr 38
.Apr 18
..Apr 18
..Apr -8
..Apr IN
..Apr id
..Apr 19
7. Apr J9
..Apr Ml
Apr 20
..Apr lit)
.'.Apr vio
.-.Apr 21
-Apr Jl
..Apr 21
Apr 81
..Apr ai
Aor aa
Apr 22
..Apr 22
Apr 22
..Apr 88
Apr 24
Air 25
M V ' JIOON AND TlOii :
t'jetrrn ftatks Coast ash GjtonwTic «rtnvr.r
Timks and Hbiorts or Hisr ajtd Low
WaTKRS AT • *OKT POIXT, KNTBiNCI TO
. Saw Frakcisoo Bat. Poblibhkd by Offi
cial A i HimrTY -of mm avmi stksdik t. ;
dtic -The high and low waters occur at (»«
City front. CMlHlcvtUtM Wfcajf) at^iu iweniy
tivi- minu:«« lst«r than at Fort I'oint. tue heuti.
of Ude is tlm uiiae at both places.
April — 189.
.■,..... ■■;: Sunlit-. April la .
fun rt(i*« ............ 8.2P Moon risi^.. 9.08px
Sue sets ....-..- «■<» Moon 5et5.;..... ■
w
F«w?t """
_^ 11
Fe«l I L!i_ | K««t;
H 5?
| Fee:
iW o.Ou — t.\i .2.58 «73 5.4., -a.<i 11. s6 J~Z
9 6.5:>j-i.i| *04! 4.0 6.--0 • 2.6 ... . i.
H W . !I. W HW ! L VV '
» 0.40 T..H 7. 8 -1.0 3.14 3.8 7.3!) *9
!1 'I.iB .V-i KSO — U.B 4.32 S.H 8 -•/ 25
:^ SL-.tl 4 8 9.65—0.5 5.44 39 U.SH 2.4
S 3.4a 45 U.02 — C.'J •5.4J> 4.1 11.31 v.3
.'4 5.0t» i42 1a.04 01, 7.3 4.6.. |..
•
!
JSote— ln tun above exposition •of the tides th»
♦».rly morning tides are given in the' left hand'
column, and the successive tide* of the day in the
order of occurrence at to time. The second tira*
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
lime column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide or the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additious to the
soundings on the United States Coast - Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes tn*
height, and then the number given la subtractlv*
from the depth ir'ven by the charm.
AIUKI, TO :H.%KI.N*;K!».
A branch of the United Slates Hydro^raphle
Office located to the Merchant*' ExcnaDtre Is
maintained In Bun Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard 10 nationality and Ire* of
expense. ■•-. — ■ . ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ . •
Navigator* are cordially Invited to tl<li the
Office, whsra complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hani or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
nun al wars be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and nil matters of Interest to otwan
commerce. - - ..._■. .;
The tlm» ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill In hoisted about ten minutes, before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. l'JUth meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each Any trom the
Untied States Naval Observatory a. Mure Island
Cal.
A notice statin; . whelh-r thn r I ran ball was
dropped on time, or riviu.: the error. if any. li
published the same day oy the afternoon paper*
and by the morning papers the following d«r.
W. h. Hvokks.
Lieutenant. U. a. N., In charge.
Th« Time Ball. . '
I;bam.-h HTPKOOBAPHICOrFICK, U.S. N.I
Merchants' Exchange V
San FUAXCISCO. April 17. 1897. ) '
The time ball on Telegraph Hi!, was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— L ■•.. at noon of the 12U-.U.
meridian, or exactly at He. v., Greenwich time.
W. s. Hughes,
■ . - . U»nt«nant V. A N.. 11l tliari;*.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
... Arrived.. .
SATURDAY. April 17.
■ stmr Del None. Stockfletli. 65 hours from Grays
Harbor: |.rsi aod incise, 10 liobbs, Wall & > v. .
etmr I'ouiona, JJoran. 17 hours from r.'jcci»;
pass an<t mdse. to Uoodall. Perkins <£ Co.
■ Stmr Geo Looinis, Briagett, — hours from Ven
tura: oil. to order. Up river direct. fV.f '.*'■'
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 61% nour* from
Victoria and I'nget Sound ports; pass and tudse, to.
Good all. i'erlclns & Co.
stmr Westport, . Jacob*, 4? hours from San
for. Los Angeles: bataau to J'ollurd .v Dodge
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 64 Hours trom Yaqulna
Bay, via Albion 14 hours; 145 tons s one. 7 cds
s aveboits. 145 Mrt In noer.to J X Hanny Co.
Blmr Caspar, Anflndsen. 18 hours from Hiudys
Cree i i.imU r r tie-t. 10 <J A Hooper it io. ' -
>ciir Mary Etta. Zadaart, »6 noun from risks
Mill: 76 cds woo I. to Bender Bro*.
Schr S Danlelson, Vo«el. 8 days from Nena
ieni rtlver; I*7 M rtluuioer, to Italic Box Fac
tory. <~r. JA-,
Cleared. '
SATURDAY, April 17.
. Stmr Corona, Jepsen. Sao Diego; (ioodall, Pert-'
ins Co- ,•• ■ . : ; •••• ■ • .
Htmr Queen, Green, Portland; Goodal!, Perkins
it Co
-imr Uumbold:, Bonlfield. Eureua: Hum bold.
.8 S CO. . 
Ur stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanalmo; X Dons
muir A Co.
■ artc s v Allen, Johnson Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond Co.
list :. & s i astie, Hubbard. Honolulu: J D
Spreclcels & Bros Co. " •
>chr Mary Dodge, llansen. Kabulul: Alexander
A BalJMin.
":/ Sailed. W. £?&•
. SATURDAY, April 17.
Stmr Cleone. strand, Crescent City.
• i»imr Hnmb-ldt. ttonlUeld. Eureka,
'■ binir Whtiesnoro. Johnson.
Ship Wm H -Mhcv. Am.iburjr, Honolulu.
Baric ■» C a: i- >, Jotiimon, Honolulu.
SSchr Monterey, Beck, Uowens Lauaing.
Sehr Jennie 1 helm. Hansen. .
KchrUutde. Oisen, Wlllapa Harbor
Hchr Ulendaie, Johnson Ncr Whatcom.
Sour Mnry Dad c .>. lln isti. Kahuiuu
-«- hr Una Hark ins, mm. * - ......
6chr Alcalde, We ttcaua . 8 •aitle.
'" .V- '■> Telegraphic. • -"~- .
»-oi:ct l,n«v>a. April 17.-12 p. v.- Weather
c ear. wind W veioci./ o «llS*»
. Charters. • ■ •/■;
| The ship W H Macy loads sugar a; Honolulu for
Now Yuri. . .
;; £ I . Domestic Port*.
1 UHEENWOOD- Arrived Apr 17-Stmr Green
wo >it. fioni i'ori Los Angeles.
FI-HKRM.A.NB' BAY- Arrived Apr 17-Scnr
Five B others, hence Apr 14.
CASPAR— Arrived Apr 17— Stmr Jewel, hence
Ait .6
YAQITISA BAY-Arrivd Apr 17— Stmr F»ral
lon. hence Ait 14 via Kureka and Coos Bay.
CSAL— Mailed Apr 17 -Simr National City, for
San Fra Cisco.
<OOS> BAY-- sailed Apr 17-Stmra Czarina and
Homer, for San Francisco.
FORT BK AGO— Sailed Apr 17-Stmr Noyo, for
San t'r»ncis.o. , , -- -
ALBlON— hailed Apr 17-tHmr Point Arena, for
Mendoclno.
MAX mKGO— Sailed Apr 17— U S stmrs Mon
terey and Monad nock.
.Foreign Port*.
BTJRRATtD I.VLKT— Sailed Apr 12— Nor »tmr
Eva. for Yokohama.
PANAMA -Arrival about, Ap-1 I— stmr San
Bag. hence Mar 10. "—Haw utmr Az ec, from
Chain ico.
Importation*.
TACOMA— Per Walla Walla— 2 bales rubber
hose, 41 pkes ■ household coods. 7 roll* rubber'
celling. 1 c* dry eoods. 2 pkgs rice. 35 c* paper
ware. 800 bar* oulllon, lox Mini sweepings
Kvere t— 3so bd>s shocks, 700 bars bullion. 251
rolls 150 bales patDer.
Anacortes— 1 cs hats, 1260 lime.
New Whatcom— l6 cs shorts. 2tuus Ibx bu ter.
Foreign ports— l2l bills pelt* 114 tdls hides. 2
ska fits
Vancouver- 88 cs boots and shoes. 5 os wood
bames. 115 cs tobacco, 2 ci dry ids. '2S cases
clgurvties, IN cs piano, 8 pkm chair sio k, 1 bbl
hardware, 190. bbiM glucose. 300 im sine, 1 box
Dtg paper. -270 bacsptpp<-r. 208 bdls hides. 7 pegs
personal •'Sees. 1 crt riiair •. . ; .. ■
Vancouver vU C 1* 8 8 C 0 —154 pcs teak wood,
10 bales silk. ■ ,"^
-->mti i- — 10 bzs fresh fiih. 2 pßirs express, 18
piper. 1 bx dr. court*. 1 101 household goods, etc, -2.
iiortus, l buggy, 40 bln broom hand!. 1 p<g
n <i lei 931 tons coul. 1 sic coin, 1 bx boos a, 25
< he» s :.•». it p.;o mdse, 6 pkgs spice, 3 crts picM,
2 pkgs machinery, 12 bxs chocolate, 1 cs fur
goods, 171 bdls I tie*. 2 ski oysters. 4 Dkvs candy.
3 bxs crackers. 1 lx sundri*a, a bxs j^ily, 2 bxs
laid, 3 bxs hob p.
epjitt'e via Ore at Sf R B— 'i pkgs mdse, 1000 h:- '
ska -HOqr iks 11 ur. .
Port Townsend— l bx dry cooda, Ibx clams.
Klllisnoo— 2 bHle< deerskins.
i-itka-7 pkgs md*<>.
Victoria— l pkg mdse, 1 sic coin, 1 pkg express.
Victoria via N Psß Co -40 cs fans, 2 au rolls
malting; 07 Dales 1 pkg KUunies.
GRAYh HARBiiR-per Dei A'orte— 772 pkes
shook s, 330 Mit la üb#r, Ics hi No, 5? s:s nuts
JCDHKKA— Per Pomona— »7 tubs 14 uxs butter,'
1 cs boo^s. 3 doors, 94 M ft lumber, 4 pkgs mdse ?
" 2042 M Rhlnele*, 2 cr a b.ucon, ) pkg disks, 1 ctse
(try goods. 4 sks potatoes. 1. bx hardware. 1 pkg
bandies. M pkes express, 1 sk coin, 3 im fish.
E R«fc F. H it-8 tub* tit ma butter. 51 doors, »
hf-sta wool, 1 cs potatoes l cs millinery, 1 case
dry «oo<ls, 1»> pkgs mlse. 10 c» c.de ■, 1 bx meat,
lo dressed veil, .12 s*l i»:.ti. ■ . '
'■ ■'■ Connignen*.
' Prr Walla Walla— Boston Woven Hone A Rub
ber Co; C-arlsoji Currier Co: Frank Muass: Great
Amerl< an Importing T?a. Co; v P Peterson- M
Oo .'tf.-Ni: Maltinucc & Co: Mlgilavaccn Win*
Co: Redtngton<& Co; :>elby aud Lead Co-
Thus J Kirov: A Fi ioello; Italian- Coloh'y;
AmerCarb Actd Has Co; W H P»'sons: Northern
Lumber Co; Moore, Ferguson * Co; U W Howard •
b P Taylor Co, Union Paper Co: Western Roll
Paper Co; Blake, Momt' & Towne: P Berwtn &
Hro; Tacom« & r. H Lime Co: I Kowalsky * Co; v
H Young: Manufactory- Sloe C< .; W H Gilbert;
J D --preckels & Bros Co; American Tobacco Co-
Murphy, Grant 4 Co: Main & Winchester: Lo.idon
A an K"«ncl«cn Bank; Buckingham. Hecht & Co-
Sherman, Clay* Co; Payot, Upb&m * Co; Swayne
& Hoy ; 1 iltmaiiii & Beudel; Btssingvr dt Co: John
Huey; American Un-ou Pisa io; APaiadlni: J
Downing; California Chemical Works; A J Prnx*r
* sons; L -nronl A Co: Abmmson, Hennlsch &
Co; H McKee: C Eldr.dge: D Gnlrardelll A Co: F
A lipblUn; Duff ft < o; Farnsworth A Hogeles; M
j Brandeotteln i Co: J B Infta<lla; Milan! Co;
&1 Curtis; Pacific Ammo <tCbemica> Works'
P»c:fic Coast Fi<J» i"o: •Horns hild A Co: Fp Lee'
W G Richardson; W <&J Sloane&Co: Wm Reed:
Wm .Muo.il-: •■- >' Kardwicit ; oiegon Imp Co; V
X Halehnn; Adam* Bi«h Co; Wells, Fargo <£ Co-
Royal M'l:ingCo: H W Hi.'cms: i u-.e it l> eh:
RDownlns: O.iVrr A Co: Sawyer Tanning Co: XT
P^liuii; Mil Francisco Chemical Work*:, oner;
Baifour, Gathrle A Co: Foiter A Co; . The . GUnt
Powder Co: GCht-smore. * .:,
Per Del Norte— i\ Woo I - Lumber Co; \ Weston
Bnsket Slt« to; Brown Bros & Co: vv W Amburn.
■■' Per l.oraoiji— Brixham, HoppeA Co: Bancroti-
Wh.tney Co: C A Hooper A Co: Gray A Mitchell;
. O-IKC rswe»>ni»y JE Co. - Htggins A Collins; : Horn •
Bnpp y '.'«'n: Hills Bros: Dairymen's Union; O \V
Bu" ■*«: Murphy, Gnat A Co; Urexon Fts.i Co; \V
G Fietch*-! ; Weils. Far«o A CO: c £ Whitney A Co;
i ahn, iXlcitl-soure A co; J H Newbauer A Co- J
R H anliy : F B Halght : Gets Bros <feCo : Paclfi •
Coast F.sh Co: Kilmer. Bredhoff A xchulz; Hln*<fc
l--i!li: 'Kowais.y A Co; Norton, Teller A Co: j
Schweltrer&Co; O Smith A Co: Wolf A. son-
Boss A Hewlett; Standard Oil O:> : . Wltzel <t liaker-
Whraion. Breon A Co; ' Hammond A Brod: J d
Wilson; Kincan A Co: .Mahouey A to: McKtv
A Co: i Naiioual Ice ; Co; { Boot A Van- Ar-dal«
Lumber Co: « Wolf. Wr^<len . A Co; C 8 Moses- L
Goodfriend A Co; John Butler; Rots, Early A Co.
I for Late Shipping Intelligence See Fourteenth rage.
Shippers and
Buyers^ Guide.
THE CALL indorses and
recommends as thoroughly
reliable the Commission Mer-
chants appearing in this
column.
H. HECKMANN & CO.
. WHOLI.SALK DEALERS IN
Dried *rul(a, Produce, Poultry, Game
•fend Eg^a.
4QO-4-O2 DAVIS STREET, S. F.
GARCIA & MAQQINI
Tropical, Green and Dried .
... Fruits and Nutv
301-307 DRUMM STREET, S. F.
WOLF & SONS
Oineral Commission Mercliants.
321-323 DAVIS STREET, S. F.
D. E. ALLISON CO.,
General Commission Blnrchanta.
Green and Dried Fruits, Grain. Potatoes, Beans.
Produce, Woo, etc. - v -
-501-509 Front St., S F.
EVELETH & NASH,
Wholesale Dealers In Foreign and . Domestic
. • Fruits, ?fuis, Produce/etc- . v
. 483 Front Street. S F.
GRAY & BARBIERI.
Green and Dried Fruits, Nuts. Poultry, Eggs.
Butter, Game, Potatoes and Beuns.
305-309 Vashlngton Street, is. F.
NASH & BOESSENECKER,
Wholesale Dealers in Foreign and Domestic
Fruits, Nuts, Produce, Poultry, Egg*, etc.
311-313 Washington St., S. F.—
B. G. RUHL & CO.,
General Produce and Commission Merchants.
Poultry and Game a Specialty.
206-208-'ilO Wa.hiii •- 1 11 Street.
/ IDA LTON BROS.
Green and Dried Fruits, Citrus Fruits, Produce.
Poultry and Kggj. ,
317-319 Davis St.. S. F.
DR. WONG WOO,
Ctainnsn Drug, Tea and Herb Sanitarium,
776 Clay, Bet. Kearoy and Uupont. '
I nave long been a suffer- • . -
er from troubles «>f the crm(% •
stomach. liver xnd kid- Jl^^S^.
neys. The medicines of HESajft flßs\
the different doctors ivlio tf^^^SSF
treated me onlv aag.av.ited If' • •*
■.!>■•. -.-.-s.-. In eignt weelcs BS C- if
Lr. Wong Woo, the chl- Wi *^ fl
nete doctor. ; Kiicce«de(l in tlr»* r■ *
bringing about a i^erfect %F^» Jk
cure, and I nru now In .he £trfl^r%*ri
bes! of health. 1 recom- . valßr % X\^<^
mended him to my country- 4^lKiPSff* l sjam ™
men, the liallatiH. * oi(''%' ''''*• ll^
AMABin 'MBOUEK, '•€ -71 ' fl'
1 8 Jl .Mission s". ' '-r " m f%
. Hours 9:30 toil a. m., 1:80 to 8, 7to 9 p.m.
Bk^i These tiny Capsules are superior
i^V^ to Balsam of Copaiba, f^\
V \\ CubebsorlnjectionsandfMlDf 1
JgJ CURE IN 48 HOURS
Wj the came diseases withotrt
inconvenience. ■
™ Sold by all druggists.
..: OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST_KTEAMSUIP CO.
STEAMKK3 LEAVt; ' BHOADWAV >}«•_
wharf, Han Francisco, as follows: -Ciii&C
For i-or.s in Alaska, April 1, 6. 11, 16, til, Vft
and every fifth day thereafter, at 9x. M. •
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. A nacortes ana
New Wiatcom (Bellln«haaj Bay, Wash.), » a. m.
April 1, 11. 16, itl.lidand every llftu day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C, P. a.
K., atTacoir.a with N. T. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. By., at Port Townaend with Alaska steamers.
For JCureka, Arca:a and Fields- .Landing (Uum- |
boldt Bay), Str. Pomona 2 p. li., April 2, 6, 10 14,
18, 22, 26. SO and every fourth day thereafter. •
For ganta Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco\
Port Harford (San J.uis Oblspo), Oavlota, Saota
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East Sao i
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a if.
April 4. 8. 12, 16, 20. i'4, 28. and every tourtu I
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Tiarrorl !
(San Luis Obispo). *anta Barbara, Port Los An- j
reles. liedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11 '
a.m. April 2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, 26, SO, and every
fourth day thereafter. '
For Ensenada, (San Jose del Ca»o. Mazatlan. L»
Paz and Uuaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. ic. 25th of each month. , ...
'1 he Company reserves the right to change with- ;
out previous notice steamers; sailing dates and
hours of sailing:. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. ■ .
GOODAX.L, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
- 10 Market st.. San Francisco. ■
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST BT£A AIKKS TO •
PORTLAIST ID
: . From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. v. v ■
FAT?"R(5 l *- Ftrtt " »" 'l' Including
VJI Dan Second-class /berth & meals
.. ,\ " . SCUttDUIiUtO*' SAILINGS:
C01umbia....... March 24, April 3,13.23 |
State of California.. March 29. April 8, 18, '28 j
Through tickets and through baggage to alt
Eastern points. Bates and foiden upon applica-
tion to
r. F. CONNOR. General A«ont.
, GOODALU PKRKINS A 6.50 Market street. \
GOOOALL. PKRKIN'B <t CO.. Kuperlnteudeir.t I
_ ■ I
f— — i aaiiJ S. S. AUSTRALIA for
ICONIC H X■>LV 1. U onlv,
[•C ■■■■■• Tuesday. April 'JU, at
m ™^*— -n. 2 p. m. Sptcial party '
SlMnsliinc) rules. a ' & mono wai
SfrMlTlMlincJ ihef. S. MONO WAI
Q^Wl!llJliiy , a ii, via HONOLULU !
■ {nUPiUDU^ »nd AUCKLAND for
\SJlllf»VlWq^ hYDNH Y. Thursday,
• April 29, -' P.M. ■ ■■'
Line to COOLOARDIE, AusU,andCAPh.TOVVN, |
Couth Africa. •<•'. *;"'-■ - ■'• '»
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. ca,.AK*nts, ,
- ■• • -' 114 Montgomery street. '
Freight office, 327 Mai k-t street. -Hn Fraucisco.
COMPAGSIE GEIKRAnTtA.IISA I LA Vl'lii^ !
French Line to Havre.
PIER(N£ W),42 NOKTH A«
\j River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■&&&£*s
this line avoid both transit by English railway an J
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via ParU
first class $160. second class »116. • .;.
LA CHAMPAGNE... ....... April 24. 10a. v.
LA (iASCOGNE.... ....May 1,« 10 a, m.
LATOURAINK May 8, 10 a. m.
LA BRKTAGNE..... .......... ..Mav 15, 10 v st.
1,/ ''HAM "A0VE....T.'...-..".... "•"• 22,10 a.m.
jJST For further particulars apply to ' ; ■
■ _ * A. FORGET, Agent, "~
>'» 3. £owim e Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Ageut« 6 Montgomery
avenue, ban Franolaco. .. . , .; . ■ _..■,,*
"" STOdTOiS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington S^»
At a F. SI. Daily. Freight received no
to .:3.» P.M.
agr Accommodations Reserved by Telephons.
The only iin>< se.linw through tickets and giving
throueh freight ratts to all " poia.s ou Valla/
Railroad. = . .
STDAJIERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters.
Mary Oarratt, - City of Stockton.
lelephoiie Mala 80ft. Cat. Kav. and Impu Oe .
FOlll. S. NAVY-YARD 15D VAILEJO.
..... : SXKAaiKtt ••MONXICBI.XiO,"
Mod, Toes., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. . .
_ , ..9:4&a. H. and 3:16p. x. (9 p. u. ex. Tb'urs.)
Friday. ........::...... ...1 p. it.. 9p. it
Sundays ...... .;;-.v... 10:30 a.m. and 8 r. it.
Landing and offices. Mission ' Dock. Plet X .
;"■■• Telepnoae Green 381. ;
FOR SAM JOSE, LOS GATOS& SAITKRUZ l
OTUMEa ALVIBO LEAVES PIEK 1 DAILY
O (.Sundays excepted) allO a. m. Alviso dailv-
(Haiurday erceptrd) at 7 r. M. Freight and
Passenger. Fare . between Kan Francisco and
Alviso. 500; to San Jose.' .sc. .. Clay eu Pi«rJL
mW. b»ai» Clara sw am Jot* T* T* .^T* j
I ... -- RAILROAD TRAVEL ,
. SOVTIIKBN fAI'IPIC CO3IPAST. .
* ■ ■ ll'AUiriC SVKTI.M.) . . , A i'J
! Train* lenrr »■><! nro <!■•« <«» urrlve at
•* ■' •; ;".,■• MAN I'IUMi'INCO. ;
j tEA ve •■ — ! 35*ito5t March 21, 1807. — arrive
i 7*C :OOa NlkaT Sa«i Jos i aud Way Stations . . . 8:43 a
7: 110 a Atlantic Express, Ogileu and Hast.. H;i.">p
j 7:00a Benicia, Vacaville, Rumstjy. Sacra-
mento, OroTille and Redding via
Davis...... 6:45f
7;30a Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo, Kapa,
- • Caliitoga and Santa Rosa C:l3p
j HtltUA Nilcs. San .liwe,. Stock ton.' lone, - '
Kacrameuto, warjafiUe, Chico,
Tch4maar.dne«llJti«lt -lilSp
. *4:SO.\ Peters and Milton "7:15*
9:u«a Sot Orleans Kaaiaea, Raymond (for
Yosuniito),'' lre:>iio, "• liakcrsiiehl,
1 ' Santa i:.ii!i:ira, I. os angclcs, Dem-
i'ig. El i'a-si., Koiv (irl i.us and
K.i«t 4t-itir
9:OUa Martinez aud Stocktoa 4:15p
»:OOAVaU:jo.. 6:13r
....... Kilca, San Jose, Livermore and
"... ' ' Stockton ...; 7«15f
•l:OOp Sacraoncuto Rivtr Steamers;...;.... *o:<M»p
l:OOp Nilcs, San JoKiand Jivermore. 8:45a
tl:^Op Port and Way Stations.. |7:43r
4:O<H- Martinez, Ban Kamou. .Vallejo,-
-■ Nai>a, Calistoja, 121 Vnrano and
Santa Uosa 9:13 a
4iOOr Benicia, Vac-ivillc, Woodland,
Knis!its Landing, MarysTillo, Oro-
villo and SiiKi-auißiila 11:15a
/ 4:3«r Lathrop, StocktoD, Modesto, Mer- .
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
ratumina via Martinez ". 11:43a
3j*«pLos Angeles Expr.-s-i, Tracy, - % -
Freino. Mojave (for Randsbarg),
Santa liarbara and . Los 1 >•.■(• I- '.,. 7:43a
5:00p Santa F.i Houte. Atlantic i:xi>ress
for Mojavo and K;ist.... 7:43a
CxO»r Rnropcati Mail, Ogilen and lUst. .. . 9:4.1 a
G.-OOi' lliiywunls. Nik-stand San Jose 7:43a
t7jO<H-.Viil!ejo.. . 17:43?
7:UOp OroßOn Kxtircsß.Hucriinieuto, Marys- "
villc. Kodiiijig, . Portland, l"iit;L-t
.Sound and l'iast .. I 1:1 Ha
_S A.TIA (,'ltll/ mvi>l».\ (Harrow h'iuigoj.
J7s4sa Santa Cruz Excursion, t>ant» Cnu
and Principal Way Stations . .-;:. . JB:o3 *
•>43a Nuivark,Contoivillo,.S)iit.loso,Ve!tou,
v>;^>: Boulder Creole, Santa Cruz and Way ... ..
St.it ions S:SO*
•a»l*p Ncvrarlt, Csntcrville, San Jose, Now
Alniadeu, Pelton, liouUltr Creek,
> SauU'Cnis ami Principal Way
Stations .;. ■ > I1:3Oa
4ilsi- Nowarlt. San .lose ainll.uK (,'nto» ... »: O a
< OASI i>lVlsi<>rs (tliir.t .V Toitnsriid Ms.)
. 7:UOa .Sau Jose anil Way station* (New :.
Almatlen Wednesdays only) ...... 1:30?
OiOOa San .lose, Trcs I'inos, .Santa Cruz, . ,
Pacific Grovo, ' Paso Robles, .Sau " '
liiilo ()bisi>o, Ouadalupo, Surf ami
. Principal Why Stations «:13p
IO:4Oa Sun Joauaiw) Way Stiilious .'.;.. 6:3oi>
II:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations....... C:OOf
*S:3Oi> San Mateo, Menlo Park, .San .lone,
Gilroy, Ties Vinos, Santa Cruz, ' < : rv
Salinas, Monterey :md l'acilic(<rove # IO:1Oa
■3::>Op Sau Joso ami Way Stations ........ 9:43a
♦4i3oi> San Jose ami Wiiy 5tati0n5.......... *S:osa
• 5:30p San.ioso and Principal Way Stations . "8:45 a
O:«Op San Joso and Way Stations o::tr<A
tll:48p San Josb ami Way Stations t7:43r
SAN IiIJAMttKO AM* HAIWAKUS WVAIZ
i»B:OdTT : ~? 7:13a
8:O«a ... / , <9:43a
io.ooa Melrose, Seminary Bark, JVIIia
j "a-OOp Fltchburg,SanLe»ndro : :
«i and -■ is;
|JOOP OIIU . ■ ,-5:45p
slaSp Haynardß. . «;«3p
7:00p 6i43p
8:00p fitlili.
9:00p i Rons through to Niles. io-^op
j mi:l3pj . 'From Niles. '.. I, ttlg. : OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAR FR4KGISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
33 " itKUSfi tl:0 ° • 2:00 t3:o ° '
I From 01KLAKD— Foot of Broadway.— *6-00 8-00
10:00a.m. }12:00 »l:00 ' t3:00 •3:00 Ji":00
•5:00i-.m. .... ■ ■ . . : . - ' . »,
>o * A for Morning. P for Afternoon. • '
" Suudiiva <.tct)pt«d. - j . . :!, ; r . f Saturdays onbj.
„_, ' X Sundays only. ,
iltt Moaoajr l _TiivL-<'diii7 and fiat urc Lay niobts onl».. - ■
SMFRIMSCO& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RiILWAT 00.
. Tlburon ferry— Foot of 3lar tot -it. .
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEKK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. *.; \l:Tl\
8:30, 5:10. 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trl ■
at 11:30 p. K. Saturdays— trips at 1:19
and 11:30 p.m. .■ ■ •■ .
■DKDAYS- 8:00, 9:SO. 11:00 A. M.; 1:30. 3:34
6nX). 0:20 p. v. - — ■•-
San Kafael to San Fr»nol«co.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. If
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 P. m. Saturday*— Extra trip*
at 1:55 p. K. and 6:35 p. u. ■
BCKDAVS-S:Uj, UUU 11:10 a. M-: I:4a 3:41*
6:00,6:25 p.m. . .
Between Sen Francisco and sonuetzen Parlc same
schedule as above. . . - . • t
Lea ve T —n . Arrive
Ban Francisco. octl*. Ban FranclßCoL
Wbkk ! SUN- itoJlf^jl'inn Bow- I WtM
Days. [ lays. | destination. DAYB , | Days.
7:80 am 8:00 am Ifovato. 10:40 am 8:40 AM
S:Sopk»:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 PM 10:25 am
I 6:10 I'M 6:00 fm Santa Rosa. 7:35 PM B:V2pm
. Fulton. '
! 7:30 am ; Windsor, 10;2&a*
Healdsburs,
lylton.
Geyservllle,
8:30 tu 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:3» 6:22 PM
1 Pieta, •■.■'.
I- . Hopland dt * ...
T:3O am! 8:00am Ukiaa. 7:35 PM 6:2«ph
7:30 am " 10:25 AM
8:00 /M Gnernevllle. 7:35 PM
I S:3O PM I .. ... ........ 0:23 m
7:30 am , 8:00 aU Sonoma 10:40 am : 40 a m
; ■ ... . and •-- : - ..■••.
6:10. 5:00 pm Glen Kllen. 6:10 pm 6:22
I 7:80 AM, 8:00 AMI s. b iuitonol 1 10:40 AM 1 10:2 aM
j B:3opm|s:Oopml &eoaßtopO1 ' I 6:10 pm| 6:22 PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
1 Springs; at GeyservUle for Skaggs Springs: M
i Cloverdale for tue Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
'■ Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i^lteport; at
HopKnd tor Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah -or Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bine
Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno, Po;tel
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, JLlerley's, Back*
I nell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, BoonevUle,
! Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
' Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, wuiets. Cahto, C**
Telo, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. I •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atreduoed
On Sundays round-trip ticket* tA all poinu b«.
yond San Rafael at half rate— ;:'■-; -. .-.-'•_
Ticket Offlces, 660 Market st,, Chronicle twTtais*
' A.W.FOSTER, • R.XBYAJT,-.
Vrea. and Gen. alanaorer. Oen. Pass. Agent.
Santo. Fc *42||S| B 5
Limited. JSliilir
On MONDAYS and if§§3|i§jSg^
I THURSDAYS the first- fi^^SEaa^^Sl
class I'uiiman sleeplng-csr mSs&SS&sUHEE*!
leavio* at 5 p. m. connects H»ffn^TTTSFnßaf
at Karatow with th« Ban! a iSBJr^XsHRSs
Fe limited train carrylne AliHfcs^?Sr?«lls3r
dining-car, buffet smoking- 4J®JRj!Jj?Kwsgisj
' c»r and Pull man palace £ttTVMmi*~!Tm*
drawing-room s!eeplnK-ci>rs l s afFw ? ---^'
I for both Chicago and St. "•» ' ■liiim U||
; I.oh via Kansas City. -: . ;■;•&" V-
-3Vs Uav* to Chlcitgo or St. Louis.
1 *?>{ Day* to .New York. ' ; ; ;
.-.,• SANTA FE EXPRESS/
' ; Leaves daily at 6p. m. Pullman palace drawing-
room, also modern upholstered tourist sleeping-
cars, through to ( hlcago via Kansas City. Annex
< cars for Denver and *t. Louis.
Boston excursions via : Kansas City, . Chicago,
Montreal and th* White Mountains leave every
; Tuesday;' St. Paul excursions every Midday. , ,'.,
Ticket Office, 644 Mar ke; *• >-p. t . « hron*
I <clo building. . 'lelephone Main 1531.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
IVla'Sauaalito Ferry). , ;
eTnua Sao Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1891
■ ■ ' : '• : ': WEEKDAYS. .. /' "',' : \i"' -
For Mill Valley and "ban Rafael— «7 l2s, ' •9slSl ,
11:UO a. m. "1:45. 3:45, «5:18. •5:45, 6 :SO p.m.
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays. Wedo«s»
j days and Saturdays at. 11:30 p. M. «. -- >
• :', ' ' ■ ' ' ■■;;; BUSJSAYS. . . • . ; . '
»or Mill Valley and San Rafael— "B:oo, "10:08
•11:30 a. M.; »l:30. 3:00, **-.; 0. 6:16 F. K.
Trains marked • run to Man Queotln. \y
THROUGH TRAINS. : - '- ,
For Point Reyes and way stations— a. m.
Weekdays, 8 K)0 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 p. m. Satur-
days. - '■-. ■', ■■ •--■'". .-- :' ■ - •,:-;■ •
- For Casadero and war stations— 7 :2s a. m. wMk>
days; 1 U sp. m. Saturday a. • ■. . . '
j ~ ~
MOUNT TMALPAIS.
Train* connect with North • Paoifl*
1 Const Railroad. ■ . ' ...
I WKKK IJAY6— i.-ave S. F. StlS a. m. 1:4% • v.
- - Returning— S. K. 3:25 p m. 6 "20 p m.
SUNDAYS— Leav?&F.BA:M 11:30am I:3upm*
Returning— Arrive S.F.I :16 p.m. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 ■ m.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or • . * >,*'T.
THO-. LOOK & oO.VS, 621 Market St., S.F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpals Scenic Railway.
the m Ftumsco \B m JOAQUIi
; UILEX HIIWAI COIPAXY.
F^| M ru J n A^ U y1 RY 31 ' 1897 'p-iw «-.
B "vaSTS?- sutions. No«hbonn*
Z?ot « Stockton 5:40?. m.
iV.tnt % Merced 8:14* £
U-.MJ am Fresno 1:10pmI
For intermediate station s see time-tabli
Connecuns; s»Hmhoats of the C N. 4 1 Oa
1 jpave Ban F^anuiaco and Stockton at 6V. u. dally.
3132
GOLDEN LURE OF
DESERT DEPTHS
The New Rush, the Murder
Story and *' Pana
mint Tom."
Goldsmith May Ccme Back to
His Sweetheart With God
From Death Valley.
The Latest Mining Excitement Is
Am d the Terrors cf the Utter
most Parts of tb.3 Desert.
Julius Goldsmith may yet come back
from the far wastes of the Mojave Desert
Eurros Strike It Rich in a Typic al Prospector's Home in the Desert*
to his family and sweetheart here in San
¥ ran cisco, for yesterday the still uncer
tain reports from Randsburg made fiction
of the story that Goldsmith and two
other prosDectors had been murdered in
the Panamint country by "Panaiuint
Tom," a renegade Piute Indian, who has
long been one of the desert's terrors.
However the murder story turns out, it
points to one of I c most picturesque and
romantic phases of the hunt for gold,
which tills so big a place in the present
history of California.
The Panamint range, which forms the
western wall of Death Valley, is the scene
of the latest cold excitement. West of the
range is Panamint Valley and the long
piretch of desolation winch reaches to
Randsburg and on to Mojave.
The new Panamint district is on both |
A View in Pleasant Canyon in the New Panamint Goldfield, the
Home of ** Panamint Tom/
sides of the boundary between Inyo and
San Bernardino counties, thirty or forty
miles west of the State line and from 100
to 150 miles from anywhere on any side.
It is in the very depths of tne desert and
may be said to be in the center of the field
of bleaching bones, the theater of horrors
which the desert has been for a genera
tion.
Young Goldsmith is typical of a large
part of the men who are counting on the
Panamint Mountains for riches. He waa
raised in the City and a year ago he was
engaged to be married. With tliis spur
for bis effort he went to Kandsburg last
fall to find a gold mine and make enough
to buy a home here in the Oty. He has
not found tbe mine and a few weeks ago
KEW TO- DAT.
• ' Appearances ■ are
jK&M what. attract the op-
v^Zz posite sex. Some-
times this seems a
jfl&& vry BW pity. It seems as if
jjUQsj 7 K5» it would be juster if
fiv&gl I #g|g a fine mind was the
*3&a& fH^I attraction instead of
■Mfl^ — tfffiflfll a fine face and figure.
Xj^yvMflftffl But you can't change
\^Kf^TSff^m human nature.
■B* ~fj& Bm When you come to
#— *^V^^wEm| understand it there
C >^-'/f< a^ VfH i? a sort °f justice
iCT^. if\ Ik! .2 H about it too ; because
4^^f\ • /Bspsm although we can't
■Im VA IWI aH be hands ome,
Km 1 KmL vtt I almost every one of
W \\m ill I us can add at * east
' \\ > llj I So per cent, to his or
Ij'i \VV|J her attractiveness by
Hi a little attention to
Rk^. \ thr laws of beauty.
I x Ji When the eyes are
j I) ' \ \ dull, the lips pallid,
' 11 \l \ the s^' n sallow,
\ / 'I 'V / \ blotchy or pimply.
If it I Y the figure thin and
1^ /I . t-T 1 pasted' or overstout
*^J ] 1 / £•*** jg£ ind ungraceful, the
ig^^^i^^ofr^^ trouble is something
'^^^•^mt^^^'^^^ more than mere out-
ward appearances ; the inner condition is
wrong ; the blood is poor; it lacks the pure
nourishing qualities which are needed to
vitalize and invigorate the body. In. this
case physical activity is largely a question
of pure, rich, red blood.
You can't have sparkling eyes, red ripe
lips, a clear rosy complexion and a graceful
symmetrical figure while the blood remains
impure and impoverished. What is needed
is Dr. Pieice's Golden Medical Discovery to
cleanse foul humors out of the blood, and
help the assimilative organism to enrich the
circulation with an abundance of healthy
red corpuscles, creating fresh color and firm,
wholesome flesh. All this is attractiveness,
and something — health.
Every woman will be healthier and happier for
following the friendly, practical counsel contained
in Dr. Pierces great universal doctor book: " The
People's Common Sense Medical Adviser." It is
the most comprehensive medical work in one '
volume in the English language. It contains
1008 pages, fully illustrated. 680,000 copies have -
been sold at $1.50 each bound in cloth. The prof- ■
its are now used in printing half- -million free
Oppie« bound in strong manilla paper covers. To
mi. one you have only to send 21 one-cent stamps
(to pay cost of mailing only ), to World'* Dispen-
sary Medical Association, No. 663 Main Strett,
Bu&lSttf.*. . .  .
he joined the march to the |Panamint
district, going to the uttermost parts of
a desolate waste in search of a wedding
and a home in :&e City.
"Panamint Tom," who fa the murderer
in this new story, seems to be a remark
able California character. From Rands
burg he is credited with twenty-one pros
pectors to date, but a mining engineer
who chased "Panamint Tom" out of camp
with a club last summer thinks it Is not
more than fourteen or fifteen.
Tom is a big, strapping, vicious, cun
ning, good-for-nothing renegade Piute
Indian, who for some reason has k**pt
away from the Piute reservation in Ne
vada for fifteen or twenty years.
On the west side of the Panaraint range
is a bij; canyon several miles long with the
satirical name "Pleasant" Canyon. It
reaches up to the top of the range. At the
lower cud of the canyon is Postolhce
Springs. This is about the center of the
Panamint dis;r;ct.
In a gulch on one side of this canyon
Panamini Tom lives in^i wickiup by a
little spring, and he rustles an existence
In a predatory and occasionally a bloody
way. According to the engineer referred
to, O. Newhouse, expert for E. A. Wiltsee,
and other sources of information, Tom
levies tribute on every prospector who
comes into the country, on the theory
that the whole country is his because he
was there first. He is an industrious thiel
and raids every camp at every oppor
tunity. Another resource is to run bur
ros off into a blind gulch at night and
get a few dollars for finding them.
He carries a big knife in his shirt and
threatens every locator of a claim. Most
men are afraid of .him, and \tttj give him
grub, whisky and occasionally mouev, to
i.et along pepwably with him. Now and
then he does a job of packing.
The accompanying p : ctures are from
photographs taken by Mr. Newhouse last
fall. One shows a miner's camp in me
desert. No shelter was needed for the hoi
night, and the bunk made of a few boards
was set up at the base of a cliff. A sheet
iron stove, a water-keg and a few unpro
tected boxes for grab make up the iurni
ture.
But there is gold in the Tana mint
country, and after the<e years of deatli
and adventure they an beginning to get
it out. Several hundred will return
weary and penniless for every one tha:
strikes it. though fifteen years ago a pros
pector, who had been battling with the
desert, brought in rich samples from this
rpgion, and contracted to sell his mine to
William Parke oi I'arke <fc Lacy.
He went back for more samples before
Parke was to senn an expert to muke an
examination, and died an unknown death
wiih a tortuue in his grasp at last. He
was never heard of again, and the mine
was lost to await another discoverer.
So far th» Ptnamint district is in the
early stage of big stories and no develop
ment There is plenty of ore of so low a
grade that no capitalist would buy a
claim. Peihaps rich strikes have been
and will be made, but it is all "perhaps"
to date. *
GIRLS WHO MEAN BUSINESS.
Kight of Them, Seeking Employment,
Write to Governor JBudd.
The following interesting letter, as in
dicative of the lighi in which this State is
regarded in the East, was recently le
ceived by Governor Budd and referred by
him to J. A. Filcher, secretary of the
State Board of Trade:
35 Sheafe Street, Maplewood. Mass.. )
April 10, 1897 j
To the Governor of California, United States of
Amo ico— Dear Sir: Owing to the extreme
dullness" oi trade here in the East we, a club
oi young, industrious working girls number
inc eight persons, have decided to go West.
We thought it a very pood idea to seek In
formation from some well-informed person
who would Eivc the matter tuli consideration.
We would like to know the cny or town where
we would be likely to get good work. We also
would like to know what business is profitable
tv women.
We can all furnish the best of references
from here. We are all good sewers and ah
have trades. Hoping; to hear from you soon,
as we are very earnest in the undertaking, we
remain, your humble servants.
Address May McLaughlla.
In reply. Secretary Filcber informed
the young ladies that if they were witting
to run the risks of coming to California he
would see what could be done for tu«m.
So ,t is probable that in tha near future
the population of tbe Golden State will be
enriched by the addition of eight first
class seamstresses, "young and indus
trious."
Park Music To-Day.
Following is the attractive programme ar
ranged for the open-air concert lv Golden
Gate lark to-day:
March, '-La Vennoise"... . Krai
"Scenes Piltlresque" .'"..'Massenet
Caprice, -Imagluatlon" Josephine Oro
Waltz, •'Wmu«JI«4V.... ;. .. v Ziehrer
Grand selection, "Lucia" .. .Donizetti
Overture, "Jubel"... " Weber
Trombone solo, cavailna. • t Walt!ui > \'...\""MiilaKl
F. K. Tobin.
Fan taste. "CavatlPriu Kusilcana".. Mascaenl
Mazurka de Concert, ••Kantocheu"..:.... Merre
Man.li, "Belles of the West". ......J. L. Qnlnn
State song, "Hail, luliioriila" . Oro
Benefit to a Dramatic Pet.
A farewell benefit will be tendered to little
Irine Uelaney, at the Standard Theater, on
Tuesday night, when tbe lour-act comedy
<ir .. 11m. "Pet," will b.- presented by a talented
company. Irine, wno Is a jtreat net herself
among ihc theatrical people, will have spe
cialties on tlif occasion.
Brewery Syndicate Sued.
William F. Wilson has sued tlie San Fran-
Cisco Breweries (Limited) fo< $3107 41 on ac
count of work and material* supplied to (.'iff
Williams, for which it in alleged tbe Brewery
&yndicaie pro^iged 19 pny,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 18, 1897.
__^^^JHALE BROS.
o<>o<><><>o<><><><><>CKK><>o-o<K><>^
0 IKS^/ Vvy^^^P^^ HAI P'Q // \V!^'
0 WBBHm&zZf^**'^ ' • THIS WEEK— LADIES' OUTER GARMENTS. -^^-4^^ \UwM 6
0 i^Blfe^r!^^^ THIS WEEK—LADIES' OUTER GARMENTS. ' ' 6
$ SKIRTS-SUITS-JACKETS-CAPES-WAISTS. $
LONDON, PARIS, BERLIN AND NEW YORK CONTRIBUTE TO MAKE THIS WEEK'S SELLING A SUCCESS WORTHY <s
A ooooooooooooooo^ OF THE PATRONAGE OF OUR HUNDREDS OF FRIENDS AND CUSTOMERS. 6
0 DRESS GOODS.
Q Orean zed buying makes these |
A prices possible.
Q SPECIAL ALL WEEK- A 85c all. OiC
<•* wool tancy spring suiting, very & '
\J . . desirable, {special Yard
Y FANCY TWILL SURGE. TAK
| MIXTURES, ETC. — All new
jL spring shading-, 37 lncn, post- Ol C
\J lively the best offering of Serge •- '
I this season. At llale's. Yard
JL NEW checks-two lines of occ
\J ■ fancy all-wool checks in new »- • '
I colors. At Hales Yard
X silk and wool NOVELTY —
\J This week we offer two cases of AAC
JL our 37-inch 60c suitings, all "i"
\J new. Special at llale's Yard
Y NEW MELBA CHECKS - The CfvC j
A* latest check, medium or dark, tJU
V bb inch. At llale's Yard
V BLACK MOIKK VELOUR
Q SILKS— FuII 27 inches wide, £. I .OO
X large antique effects, the very iff 1
Q latest for shirts. At 11 ale's Yard
(J) BLACK SATIN DA A!«SE— Very flh 1 .00
JL large designs, very exclusive. iff I
\J A special value at bale's lor. Yard
Q GLACE JIOIUK A^TIQUE — A
JL changeable moire silk, one of GT>l.25 I
\J the -teaiion's novellie*, swell iff i '
jl color combinations Yard
V Al FKTA GAUZE SILK— A dell-
Q cate combination of taffeta and f1h1.35!
jT e amine. beautiful dislgus, u tjpl
Q novelty. At Bale's. Yard
**k FANCY RA YE Sl LKr>— inches
v/ wide, three-toned coloriucs in
Jk the newest designs, correct for CT» i .25
\J waists and fancy linings. At iff X
X llale's Y».d
Y
$ / INCORPORATED " *
L 937=945 Market Street,
o<HK><KK><KK><><K><K><><KKKK>oo<>
MRS. E. L. PHILLIPS
HAS TWO HUSBANDS
Sudden Attachment for the
First Strangely De
veloped.
Gold From South Africa Causes
a Revolution in Divorce
Litigation.
Failure to Eater Judgment May Cause
a Negligent Husband to Lose
Half His Fortune.
Mrs. Eva L. Phillips has won a victory
in her attempt to cleave to her million
aire husband. According to the decision
of Judge Seawell she is stiil his wife, and
she wants half his property.
In 1894 Mrs. Phillips grew weary of her
husband's neglect and sued for a divorce
on the ground of desertion. She knew he
had gone to the South African gold fields,
but did not know that lie bad 'Struck it
rich" in partnership with fiarnsto,
Rhodes and Hammond, and that his
fortune was estimated at £300,0^0 in Eng
lish money.
Mr. Phillips showed that he had not
entirely forgotten his wife, for be managed
to let ber hear news from President
Kruger's realm quite frequently, and
these reports were uniformly to the effect
mat he, the busband, was still pursued
by hard luck.
Taking this view of the circumstances,
and thinking that her husband was not
worth keeping, Mr*. Phillips told her
tronbles to the court and was granted a
decree of divorce.
J.y some stranee omission on the part of
Mn.' Jfhillips, principally the failure to
pay the legal fees, the judgment in this
case was never emered, and no judgment
roll was made up. This omission teems
now to be the matter on which she may
depend for a share of her husband's
fortune.
That Mrs. Phillips had no thought of
this phHse of tho case, and that she
deemed herself lawfully divorced is indi
cated by the fact that she soon afterward
married Walter Bradford of this City. He
did not prove a congenial mate and has
sued for a divorce, but this action need
not bo tried since Mrs. Phillips, it now ap
i>ears, had a busband when she married
Bradford, and that marriage may Lj an
nulled.
Mrs. Phillips may technically be con
sidered guilty of bisamv, but it woul.l be
difficult to get a jury that would convict
her since she would piead that she acted
in good faith, and did not know that the
entry of judgment .ras necessary to com
plete the transaction.
In her case it appears that ignorance of
the law has been a source of good fortune
Last December Mrs. Phillips heard that
her first husband had returned to the
United States with all of his pockets full
of money, and incidentally learned that
she might re-establish her claim to him if
she could get r;d of her first suit for di
vorce. She employed a lawyer to s«e
what could be done, and he moved to set
aside tbe decree of divorce and to dismiss
the suit, on the ground that he deceived
h#r in regard to the community property
\^ HALE^JBROS. !
SHIRT WAISTS.
The fit, the style, the noveltv mad"
this department popular. No last
year's stuff at "'bargain sacrifice."
1150 PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS FOR
LADIcb — a ppeclal purchase, to go
on sale to-morrow, worth 50c to 75c
eucti. large sleeves, laundered collars re
an. 1 cuff , stripes and checks, s-pe- it)
cial all wee* Each
LADIES' FINE PEKCALE SHIRT
WAIsT— A cool little affair with eai
separabe collar. laundered cuffs and «'U
the new coat sleeve. At Halt's, Each
LAWN SHIRT WAISTS — Full bfcck /TCC
an 1 front, patent sicirt banner, lauu. I O
cered separable collar. A big .lue at Each
OCR DOLLAR a IST- Justly popular,
large floral effects, roses, etc., on tti* © "1 .00
pure wnlte ground, elegant, separate upl
col.ar. aule'i leader Each
THE TROJAN WAIST — Dainty dim-
itles in different designs, rlcii floral
effects, do s and splashes, nil new, jii.2s
separate collar aud bands fur cuffs, rjpl
full front, gathered back. At ilale's Each
OUR DOLLAR FIFTY WAIST— Soft •■!.
lurnoncK. cuff., separate laundered (J& "I .50
collar, cordetl grounds, white or black, «]p J
elegant floral designs. AtUaie's Each
SOME NEW. OHGAXHIK WAISTS—
separable white laundered collars, C1J1.75
sori'nnUhed turnback cuffs, designs «Jpl
simply superb. At ilae's Each
FINE ORUANDIE WAISTS — Black <jfcc?.o>
corded ground, white figures, soft. <£).£
liuiahei cuff-, very pretty ■ Each
ORGANDIE CREPE WAISTS —The
B latest white ground, raised crepe
effects mingle with large floral de- ffl»c^.sO
sigO3, a summery waist and very O«-
ntw. At liale'a Each
and alleging that the South African for
tune grew out of money accumulated dur
ine their marriage.
Before that application could be heard
and determined Ptulhps was informed of
his wife's movements and secured a stay
of proceeding?, rie was courting a pretty
girl in Minnesota and was desirous of
having his wife's divorce declared valid,
so he moved to have the judgment of di
vorce entered nunc pro tune as of Jan
uary 2, 1891 He was willing to advance
the fees and would take the chance of col
lecting Irom Mrs. Phillips-Bradford.
Juilge Seawell held tiie case under con
sideration for nearly three months, and,
afterexaminine the law. denied Phillips'
motion and decided that if Phillips had a
right to move to enter judgment nunc
pro tune in his opinion Mrs. Phillips had
equal rinnt to move to vacate judgment.
If the motion to Vacate judgment be
granted, as the law allows, then the
plaint ff has a legal right to dismiss the
action, because the defendant did not rile
an answer demanding affirmative relief
by way of cross-complaint, nor in any
other way. .
It follows that MtP. Phillips' suit for
divorce must be dismissed, so she is still
his wife, the same as if the action had not
been begun, and Millionaire Phillips must
make terms wi:h his original wife before
he can marry the pretty girl in Minnesota.
In the meantime he has himself brought
suit for divorce, and the scene of further
litigation touching the relations of this
interesting family will be transferred to
the couits of Minneapolis.
BEEF EXPORTS.
Certificates of Iniipection Will Not Bo
Krq nired at 1 his Port.
The Secretary of the Treasury has
rendered a decision stating that beef ex
tracts, beef juices, beef peptones and
Bimilar preparations may be exported
without the certificate of "inspection re
quired by law. He has also rendered a
decision to the effect that the law re
quiring inspection of beef exported ap
plies only to beef used for human food,
and that meat meal, cracklings, and other
animal products used for fertilizers or
lood for an mals do not come under the
provisions of the law requiring the in
spection of beef exported.
It has been stated already in The Call
that that part of the law Lad been sus
pended so far as it related to exports to
all except European ports. Until the
operation of the law shall have been ex
tended to all ports there will not be much
inspection done at the port of San Fran
cisco, becnuse little or no beef food
trod nets are shipped from this place to
Europe.
MISS TRUAX TO MARRY.
Two Members of the Otia Skinner Com-
jiini v to Be United To- Day.
Miss Sarah Truax, the gifted and hand
some actress of the Otis Skinner Company,
and Guy C. Post, who is in the same ag
gregation, will be married this alternoon
at St. Jobn'e Episcopal Church in the pres
ence of the members of the company and
a few friends who have been invited to at
tend. Miss Truax is a Chicago lady who
has attracted much attention and com
mendation sinreshe made her appearance
here, and the fortunate groom hails from
Seattle.
The marriage is the culmination of a
veritable romance of the stage, and tha
voune couple have the best wiihes of the
local theatrical world.
. • — ♦— •
For lots In beautiful BPlvedcre inquire of Robert
E. McUill, agent, 405 Calitornla street.
Held for Grand Larceny.
Nellie Murphy, a notorious pickpocket, was
yesterday held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Joachimsen on the charge of
grand larceny, in $1000 bonds. A few nights
auo she stole $13 from Georce Phun.an em
ploye in the Lick House. List Monday Judge
Campbell sen encol her to pnv a fine of *100,
with the alternative of 100 days la tne
County Jail, lor steHling $4 from a baker.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal- • J.^«oa*n, 1017-1023 MUsloa
I^^^^^JlALE BROS.
LADIES' WRAP
DEPARTMENT.
All garments altered to fit like a tailor-
made suit. No extra charge.
SKIRTS.
COLLEGE CHECK SKIRTS.
hangs beautifully, very fI»Q OR
Stylish, an elegant skirt lor «4>O.^lvJ
summer wear; alias's Each
All our skirts are lined with the best rustle
percaline and bound with velvet.
FANCY MIXED SKIRTS, new
patterns. a:l novelties, no <t/1. CA
charge for alterations, fine yTiJv
for shopping; at Hale's. ..... Each
BLACK SILK SKIRTS, very .ar t e
patterns, a beautiful skirt. <£1/"\ aa
puicha-ed by us at a sacri- \Jm\J\J
lice; itaie's leader ■ Each
SUITS.
navy OR BLACK SERGE SUITS,
fly-front jackets, a true ten<JM/"\ /~\f\
dollars' worth, lined to you^lv/.vL/
like a glove; at little's Eacn
The skirts to the item übjve are thoroughly
lined and bound. They haug exceptionally
well.
CAPES.
SUMMER CAPES, high si as led
collar, satin ribb.n around <UQ r\C\
neck and down Hunt, plum, H>O«V-/V-/
tan, green; at Hales Each
BROADCLOTH CAPES, slasned
collar, all over trimmed with
braid, tan, green, black o-ffC.AO
cadet blue, a swell litue gar- yQiUU
i.i. lit; at lime's Each
JACKETSr
OUR $5 JACKET, fancy silk lined,
lour large pearl buttons AfIJC r\f\
leader at Ila.e's. As popular *P\Jm\J\J
as our dollar glove Each
TAN JACKETS, velvet collar,
fancysilklined.cappedsleeves, <C"7 CA
a stylish affair lor suiaiutry I iOU
wear; at Ilale's Each
-A. S3NT-A.l*.
Friday, about 3 I*. M.', our cloak-
buyer purchased 50 Jackets from a
money-pressed manufacturer in Sau
Francisco. All new, fly front, silk lined.
An elegan t jacket. Come early for size*.
On Bale at 8 A. .vi. to-morrow.
62.95 BACH.
PRCC Our Beautiful Catalogue sent free
I iICCi to people living out of town.
0000000-000000
TROUBLE IN THE
GIRLS' DIRECTORY
Lawsuit Growing Out of
a Serious Disgree
ment.
Bridget Mines, 0 herwise Mother
Margaret, Asked ior an
Accounting.
It Is Alleged That She Refuses to
Convey 10 the Society Real Estate
Which She Holis in Trust
Attorney Charles F. Hanlon yesterday
tiled a suit which disclosed the existence
of trouble in the management of the
Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum.
The plaintiffs are Uarrietta Lymtn,
otherwise known as lister Marie
Immaculate; Unnnah Wall, otherwise
known as Sister Mary Josephine; Yvonne
Griffith, otherwise Sister Mary Elizabeth;
Alma Schuraan, otherwise Sister Mary
Aloy.-iu-, and the defendants are Bridget
Mines, otherwise Mother Margaret;
Bridget Ferry, otherwise Sister Perpetuo;
' . NEW TO-DAY.
A GENUINE SURPRISE!
THE PARAGON CLOAK AND SUIT CO.,
1230 and 1232 Market Street,
WILL SOON CEASE TO EXIST.
This pioneer Cloak and Suit House, always known as a reliable
establishment, has concluded to WIND UP its affairs. That
means that
$50,000 "WORTH
Of Cloaks, Suits, Capes, Etc., Will Be Almost
The prices will speak. Every garment MUST GO. The store
. was closed for three days to mark down every article. The sale
will commence at 10 o'clock MONDAY, April loth. > .
The following is a specimen of how goods will be sold :
100 Capes, all shades, at 15c 100 Woolen Suits at $1.00 !
100 Cloth Jackets at --25c 50 Child's Jackets at 25c
As this sale will last only a short while, come while the bargains
are to be had. 1230 and 1232 MARKET STREET.
\ BROS
FANCY GOODS.
Did the Easter crowds at Hale's
mean anything:? It showed a popu-
larity, for 'twas a happy crowd.
FELT FOR LAMBREQUINS AND CAC.
- SHELVES— aid silk em- t)U '
broiaered, 13 inchts wide. A 1 liale's. Yard
MOMIE LINES BUREAU SCARFS—
A new line, novelty patterns, all
iresu. stamped and fringed :
16xS0 inches '>3c, 30c and 38c each
itjx"O inches. s»c each
20.\54 Inches 45c audtAOc each
'Jox7^ Inches 55c, 60c and 75c eacU
(Doylies and. Table Covers to match).
COTTON CB B PE HF.ADRE-TS—9XI2 -i AC
Inches, all red. on sale eacn... J_U
COTTON CREPE LAMBREQUINS—
heavy tinse embroidered, fringed, a - <j» ] .25
Inches by L% yar a lo.ig. Prices $1 »JJ) I
and Each
LACES — Buerre gulDure cotton lace, <7C
butter color, 3Va inches wide I
Yard
MOUSSELIXE DE SOIE — 42 inches /»- C
wide, pink, brown, heliotrope, navy, Di) ;
gray, black. At Hale's Yard
RIBBONS— GIace Moire Antique R!b- "I riC
bon (chnn.eibte moire), 15 colors, Xla
No. 40. 3^2 inch. At Hale's ...... Yard
Also No. 00 (3*4 11 cb) In white, cream,
Ba«ona, cur.iiinil, pink, navy, KOideu
brown, orai ge uuu the three new ?~. '
greens, viz.: alrene, os.-riul, Jourdau,
~sc a yard.
Linen Collars. 12 5ty1e5... ...........12%0 each
String lies, novelties lu c each
Belt Buckles, big slock 25 C each
bhirt Waist Set-, all kinds 19c to 81.50
Cuff Links, all kinds ... ..i:^cto 69c
Our stock of Rows for shirtwaists, etc., complete
In every novelty. A special line at 15c each.
V
/ INCORPORATED. m X
937"945 Marker Street. <j>
<>-o<>o<>o-c>oo<><><h><kk:<>o<kkh><^ /
Annie McCarthy, otherwise Sister Claire,
and the Girls 1 Directory Orphan Asylum.
The complaint alleges that prior to
January 24, 1894, thert existed in this City
an orpnau asyium and institution lor
abandoned children, known as the Girls'
Directory Orphan A^yium; that said in
stitut on was conducted by a society
whose members consisted uf Brid<:et
Mines, Harrietta Lvnian, Bridget Ferry,
H nnah Wall and Annie McCarthy ; that
said persons formed an independent
branch of tite Sisters of the Catholic
Order of St. Francis, but remained an in
dependent society by themselves, free
from the control nr interference of tee
Archbishop of San Francisco or any other
ecclesiastical authority; that said five
members went through the ceremony of
obtaining a cord and scapular from a
Franciscan priest of the Roman Catholic
church in San Francisco, and after going
through said ceremony did thereupon
assume a certain habit or robe and bonnet
st.eh as Catholic nuns usually wear.
This society, the complaint says, en
gaged publicly in the work of maintain
ing orphans and rescuing abandoned chil
dren, and solicited and received con
tributions an>i help from the corumunitv
as well as from the State of Caliloruia;
that by their joint efforts larjre and valua
ble assets were accumulated, consisting
principally of the land at the northwest
corner of Buena Vista and Central ave
nues in this City, together with the im
provements thereon; but that the title to
said property was taken in the name of
Bridget Mines in trust lor the society and
was purchased solely by funds owned by
the society.
In 1894 the society was incorporated
with the live original members as direc
tors. Thereafter Yvonne Griffith and
Alma Schuman were admitted as mem
bers ot toe corporation.
Bridget Mines is and has been the presi
dent of the corporation, and the com
plaint charges that she has refused to give
a title of the property to the society,
but that she has threatened to dispose of
it by deed or will to some one not a mem
BALK BROS.
DOMESTICS. ; 9
Prices brought crowds ; merit O
I made them customers. Here's q
I success. • jiT
I FOR MEN'S SHIRTS - 27-inch AC JL
.cotton priuts, l'ght colors, wash •» \J
like a linen. Very special.'.;-... Yard JL
HEAVY UNBLEACHED IIDB- yflC J
LlN— a pood honest 36-iuch tty ' ,
muslin. All the week at - Yard Q
GLASS ' TOWELING— I4 Inches, |*^
absorbent as a stooge, firm, CC V*
close weave, durable. Special *-> J\
all week Yard \f
HUCK TO\VELS-16x29 Inches, 0
hemmed, colored borders, the JL.
kin 1 people atk for, not very CIC Q
fancy, but very satisfactory. C3 X
All week Each Q
(A" 10c towel). . • JT
COTTON CHEVIOTS- For men's 1 OIC V
sblris and children's aresses... 1 •—'£ f*\
I'er yard V*'
COTTON CH ALLIES— A flannel -1 QIC 0
in appearance with it-* sliky -1/-2 JL
stripes. A big assortment for.. Yard C/
CBIB COMFORTERS — Covered nr\c O
with si! 1 in-. All week at 'OU 'jT
• Each Q
FISHNPIT FOR , HAbH CURTAINS— .(S
White or ecru: jT
4;'> inches wide .140
51 inches wide..... 25c jT
FISHNET LACE CUKTAINS— f;AC '■ V
White or eiru, 3 yaras long. OU /*\
Per pair , V
OUR DOLLAR LACE CURTAINS— V
staple as our Blankets. A big line. r\
■ ■ -As* for them. >r
TAPESTRY PO R I>SR E S— Fringed 9
top aud bottom, elegant designs: j\
3 yards long. 92. 50 Each V
:: SYi. yards long »3. 75Jbsu-h A
ber of the corporation: that said Bridget
Mines, although opposed by a majority of
the corporation, still haß absolute control
and dominion over two members of the
board of directors — namely, Bruieet Ferry
and Annie McCarthy — and that in conse
quence of their support and votes said
Bridget Mines is enabled to maintain her
possession of all the property and funds
of the corporation, and it has been impos
sible to compel her to give an account of
the same or to convey the title for the
same to the corporation, as the plaintiffs
think should be done.
It is further set forth in the complaint
that the defendants. Mines, Ferry and
McCarthy, have grievously affronted cer
tain of the plaintiffs by tearing off their
bonnets and habits, and that threats have
been made to expel the plaintiffs from the
dormitory, bathroom and dining-room
used by the corporation at the orphan
asylum above mentioned.
The plaintiffs pray that judgment ba
entered that the premises described be
long: to the corporation; that they are
held in trust by Bridget Mines, and that
she be reg ired to convey the same to the
society and that she account for the funds;
that Bridget Mines be restrained from dis
posing of the property or mortgage the
same in any manner; that Bridget Mims
and her associates be forbidden from ex
cluding the plaintiffs from the dining
room, bathroom and dormitories of the
said premises, and that no person shall be
allowed to deprive the plaintiffs of their
bonnets and habits as members of tho cor
poration.
An Aia Fisk Judgment.
The spirit ot the late Asa Fisk still pursues
those who owed him while he was still on
earth. A comp.aint has bten filed by Arthur
G. Fisk and Lyuia B. FisK. representing tha
Fisk estate, against Richard W. Tully for bal
ance due. On April 32, 1892, Fisk obtained
judgment against Tuliy lor $11,360 63, and
on execution being levied tlie Sheriff made re
turn ot $21 50, which was duly credited oq
the iudgment. Alter calculating interest duo
a demand is now made lor $11,770 31, wKij t
legal interest.