VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 55.
"LITTLE PETE" MURDERED BY HIS ENEMIES
Chinese Highbinders Assassinate the
Most Famous of Local
Mongolians.
THE GREAT JURY-BRIBER SHOT DOWN
BY SEE YUP ASSASSINS.
x 'i\ing Owyang, the Chinese Vice-Consul, Is Said to
Be the Next on the List of the
Doomed Sam Yups.
THE GREAT LEADER KILLED IN A BARBER-SHOP
FOR A PRICE SET ON HIS HEAD.
The Notorious Victim Was Once Millionaire, Race-Jobber, Importer of
Slaves and the Man Who Gave Chris Buckley the
Title of "Blind White Devil."
"Little Pete." long noted as r . the wisest
and meanest of local Chinese, was mur
d.red by rival highbinders last night. He
had ventured to a barber-shop without bis
bodyguard and his vigilant pursuers did
their deadly worK. The police at once
ai rested two suspects.
The famous Mongolian, whose real
name was Fong Ching. had lately made
himself very unpopular with the See Yup
society of highbinders. A price of $3000
was placed on his head and the murderers
catigbt him off his guard at y:10 p. m.
in a br.rb^-sbop at 817 Washington street.
" .■ . -.- i.i.-iins bprunj; into the shop und |
the brainiest of the Sam Yup men had
"saluted his ancestors" in true Chinese
fashion.
"Lit Pete" had two distinct sides to
bis nature, as much bo as Dr. Jekyll and
Mr. Hyde. As a Chinese merchant and
millionaire manufacturer he was a power
in commerce.
owed with unusual intellectual
powers, fearless and unscrupulous, he be
came a leader at once respected and
feared. As a shrewd Mongolian, edu
cated in the English language, he entered
the battle for money without any re
straints of conscience, though he bore the
reputation of being steadfast to his
friends. He instigated Chinese murders,
imported women, ran gambling games,
swindled people at the races and bribed
juries in a way that white men would
never undertake.
The murJered man lived over his shoe
factory, in the third story of the building
at 819^ Washington street. About 9
o'clock last ni^ht he sent his Chinese
bodyguard on an erranS, and a little later
dispatched one Murray, a white body
guard, to get him a newspaper.
"I will go downstairs and get shaved
while you are gone," he said.
The guard advised him not to be so rash
as to venture out alone, but "Little Pete"
said, "That's all right, I'll take care of
myself." In less than ten minutes the re
markable man was a corpse.
After he left his home he walked down
tnroagh his shoe factory to tne barber
shop at 817 Washington street, conducted
by Chung Ching, Won;; Chung and Wong
Kuw.
He sat about four feet from the door of
LITTLE PETE Lying Dead Upon the Floor of the Shop in Which He Was Murdered,
The San Francisco Call
! the barber-shop, facing Ross alley. In
i the shop were two barbers and a man who
! had just been shaved. Suddenly two men
: entered with a rush, waiting rapidly
toward "Little Pete," who was sitting
down in an ordinary chair to be shaved.
Before anybody conld comprehend \\\hat
■ the visitors meant one of them drew a re
! volver and tired four times with great
I rapidity. One sliot penetrated the right
eye and one entered the brain just above
I it. Death was instantaneous.
Two bi.o;s did no; strike "Little Pete"
' at ail, but went Into the wall?, one pass
ing into the partition ana almost striking
Lee Kam, a barber, in an adjolninc room.
I Both bullets were recovered and held as
evidence.
The assassins ran away, both drocpine
their revolvers. One, an eld-fashioned
'■■ smooth-bore, was recovered by the police,
I and the other was spirited out of the way
Dy accessories.
One of the men ran rapidly toward
Waverly place. Sergeant Mooney and his
posse were soon on the scene and Officer
, Myler arrested one of the barbers as a
> witness.
In a few minutes Sergeant Wollweber
! and fourteen officers were upon the scene.
j The streets were crowded with excited
! Chinese and ail who came within reach
\ were searched for weapons, but none were
: found.
Little Pete conducted his shoe business
! under the name of F. C. Peters <fc Co., but
! the firm consisted of Little Pete, his uncle,
i Fong Yuen, and bis brother Fong Shun.
They employed about forty men.
The dead man came here in 1878 and
i was 34 years of age. He was born ten
i miles from Canton and arriving here at an
' early age acquired a good English educa
| tioa.
He passed through the Grammar and
High schools of this City, married, and
leaves three boys and a girl. He leaves a
widow also, in China.
It is sanl that the murdered man was to
! get $40,000 for destroying the See
I Yup Society of highbinders, and it
I is supposed that the Chinese Vice-Consul,
King Owyang, was back of "Little Pete"
jand the Sam Yup men in their efforts to
I destroy the See Yups and demolish their
i joishouses.
, The See Yup men say he got $10,000 for
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 24, 1897-THIRTY PAGES.
his efforts, and was to get $30,000 more on
completion of the work.
THE SUSPECTS' STORIES..
Those Who Took Flight Pretend
Innocenc .
Wong Sing and Chin Poy, the two men
suspected of the murder, were brought
from the California-street station by Po
liceman Murty Cullinan, who arrested
them in tlieir lodging-house on Waverley
place.
They were interrogated by Lieutenant
Birdsall. but they denied an y complicity
in the affair, ?+\d they were in their room
at the time and did not even hear the
shots.
Chin Poy, who is a cook, and came here
about two weeks ago from Portland, did
the talking.
He said he was cook in the service there
j of Herbert Folger, an insurance agent,
| and came here with him and his family.
Mr. Folger was now living in a hotel, but
j as soon as he got a house Poy said he was
going with him again as cook.
The other suspect, Wong Sing, pretended
that he could not understand English.
Poy said he came here about a month ago
from Alaska, where he had been working
in a cannery. He is a well dressed
Chinese and does not have the appearance
of a man who was used to working, in a
cannery.
Wong Lune, a laundryman, who hap
pened to bo in tne barber-shqp when
"Little Pete" was shot, was also brought
to the City Prison by P liceman Callinan,
and is being detained as a witness. He
pretended to be entirely ignorant of who
the men were that did the shooting.
Special Officer George We.cli said he
saw the two men running out of the bar
ber-shop. Ke chased them, and saw orue
of them droD the revolver, which he
picked up. He saw them enter the lodg
inz-houseon \Vaverly place, and notified
Policeman Callinan. He identified :\Vong
Sing and Chin Poy as the two men he saw
running out of the snap and followed.
WHY HE WAS MURDERED.
Suspected of Having Employed the
Men Who Demolished the See
Yup Headquarters.
For several months past death has fol
FONG CHING, Alias Little Pete, the Famous Chinaman Who Was Assassinated
Last Night.
lowed the footsteps of tbe murdered Chi
nese, the peer among his fellow-country
men. The first cloud of trouble that last
evening culminated in Little Pete's assas
sination obscured the horizon of peace
about two years ago.
At that time the See Yuri and Sam Yup
societies, between which there had always
existed an unfriendly feeling, declared a
mutual boycott. This Jed to no end of
trouble and murder upon murder was the
result.
The-f cud finally .rear, bed tL. -»"f the
Cliin»«j Eaapero?, and an e^tct ssued
by him, threatening vengeance. unless an
amicable settlement was reached.
Up to this time Little Pete's name was
seldom used in connection with the trou
ble. The See Yups appeared to
be the most aggressive in the
controversy and the Sam Yup
Company finally decided to crush thani;
to shatter their society if possible and
scatter them over the face of the globe.
Little Pete being the genius of the Sam
Yup Society was selected to general the
battle against the enemy.
All went quietly for a while, but finally
Chinatown was shocked to the core by the
demolition of ihe Lee Yup headquarters,
corner of Clay street and Waverly place.
Ferdinand Callundan, a private detective,
and his associates entered the headquar
ters, sacred to the See Yups, and with
keen-edged axes smasned, cut and broke
tbe furnishings and paraphernalia into
splinters.
The joss pictures and carvings were
wrenched from their fastenings and added
to the scene of chaos. The detective*
then left, but as a Cninese society's de
cree or an Emperor's edict are not re-
SDected by the courts, Callundan was ar
rested and enjoined from committing
further demolition.
It was reported that Little Pete, co
operating with Kin« Owyansr, Vice
Consul, were behind Callundan and that
Little Pete received $10,000 for having the
job committed.
It was also reported that he was to re
ceive $30,000 more, or $40,000 in all, when
the See Yuns were an extinct people.
A reward for Pete's and King Ow
yang's assassination was promptly
offered. First $1000 was offered by un
known Chinese, but as the amount was
too small to benefit the lighting men,
when it came to killing the most influen
tial Chinese in America, the price was
raised to $2000.
Even these did not have the desired ef
fect and Little Pete lived on. Friday
night the reward was raised to $3000 and
the high binders began to stalk the streets,
looking for the man who was doomed
to die.
Last night they found him alune, his
guard was absent, and in an instant two
bullets had pierced his brain and he fell to
the floor dead.
LITTLE PETE'S CAREER.
First a Poor Boy, Then a Manu-
facturer, Next a Capitalist.
Fong Ching, or "Little Pete," as he was
better known, was one of the prominent
business men of San Francisco, though a
Chinaman. He was shrewd, tactful and*
successful, and was probably as noted a
Chinese character as there is in ike United
States.
At the time of his death be was posi
tively known to be worth not less than
$100,000, and the total value of his estate
in San Francisco is estimated by various
white men connected with him in a lepal
and representative character to be any
where from $100,000 to $.500,000.
The fact has always been notic d during
the last fifteen yeara that if Fong Chins
had occasion to use anywhere from $1000
to $25,000 in cash he had itn money ready,
Fonj; Chinp, or "Little Pete," was not
born in San Francisco, as has been com
monly supposed.
He came to this shore when 5 years
old, and was between 32 and 33 years of
age at the time of hisdeath. He was born
in Kow Kong, China. He first started in
to made his fortune in America as an er
rand-boy in a shoe factory on Sacramento
street. Ha was a very quick and apt "Chi
nese kid."
While an errand-boy he ghowed tbe
mettle of ambition by going to an English
school at night. It is a singular fact that
while he spoke his native tougue fluently
he could not read or write a word of
! Chinese except his own name.
His aptitude and affability mode him
j friends. He was probably the best known
J Chinaman in San Francisco. He seemed
j to have a peculiar faculty for making
I friends among while people.
Having graduated from the errand-boy
J stage be next became a broker in the
i customs business. He landed a large
amount of for ihe Chinese raer-
I chants and also accelerated the landing of
| Chinese in Sau Francisco, thereby consid
! erably swelling the population of China
! town. "\Vh !e yet only a boy he was
I looked to for legal and general advice by
j the Chinese.
Later, having made considerable money
i in the brokerage business, he went into
j the business of shoe manufacturing on
I his own account, and at the time of his
j death was one o! the largest shoe manu
-1 facturers in San Francisco. The English
i name of the shoe firm is F. C. Peters &
Co., the Chinese name, Hung, Yuen & Co.
His first escapade which brought him
j prominently to public notice was when he
i was arrested for bribery in connection
\ with the killing of Lee ChurtK, some
years ago, as a result of a feud between the
'. Boe Sin Say and Guy Sin Say (societies,
"Little Pete" being a member of the
latter.
Burr Love and another pfcliceman
claimed that "Little Pee" tried to bribe
them for $400 for testifying to certain
things, while "Little Pete" claimed that
' the policemen had heard that $2000 had
I been raised to acquit Lee Chunk, and that
they wanted $400 of the awag. "Little
Pee" was convicted and served a few days
in prison, but the case was reversed by the
SuDreme Court, and on the second trial he
■ \va;t acquitted.
About this time Little Pete wrote a let
' ter which became public, in which he re
! ferred to Chris Buckley as the "blind
i white devil," a name which has stuck to
him in Chinatown and out ever since.
WONG SING and CHIN FOY, the Two Men Under Suspicion
of Having Murdered Little Pete.
[Sketched from life in the City Prison last night by a "Call" arlitt.\
He was interested in several gambling
houses and other resorts in Chinatown, out
of which he made considerable money.
"Little Pete" had about $100,000 worth
of property in Canton, China. This prop
; erty consists of fish-ponds and silkworm
1 industries, which netted him from 6 to 8
per cent, which is a big interest for the
Celestial kingdom.
Five Months ago there was $23,000 on
I bis shoe factory boats owing him by
■ white shoe firms. Ue had a white travet
' ing salesman on the road and a white
I bookkeeper.
He leaves a widow and three children
and a brother in Chinatown. The grief of
I the widow and children last night was
j pititul. Under the Chinese law and cus-
I torn tue property goes to his oldest son;
lacking an oldest son it goes to his oldest
brother.
•'Little Pete ' carried an accident policy
of ? 10, 000 and a iife policy of $15,000. Ow
! ing to this insurance the estate will in
all probability go in the probate court.
lie imported the Chinese show at the
Midwinter Fair.
Among the property and other posses
sions he is said io have left in this City is
the Jackson-street Theater, three fantan
games, a retail shoestore at 314 Montgom
| cry avenue, a retail Rrocry-store on Du
| pont street.
He made but one visit to China since he
came here.
Captain Lees said last night that Font;
Ching, or "Little Pete," was arrested
about eight years ago for jury-bribing and
| forgery. Stewart Menzies was foreman
| of the Grand Jury at the time, and it was
Mpnzies who secured the warrants from
Judge Coffey ior "Little Pete's" arrest.
The warrants were given to Captain
Lees, and he detailed Detective Hogan to
accompany Menzies and serve the war
rants on "Little Pete." They had search
warrants aiso with them, and they broke
| oren "Little Pete's" safe and found docu
ments incriminating him and exposing
i Chris Buckley's methods. It was through
Continued on Eighth Page.
FIVE CENTS.
TO FORECLOSE ON
FEDERAL LIENS
Suit Filed in the Circuit
Court Against the Union
Pacific Railroad.
Millions Due Uncle Sam Will
Now Be Collected Without
Any Further Delay.
Russell Sage # Says That thz Chief
Sufferers Will Be the Sm-.1l
Stockholders.
OMAHA, Xf.br., Jan. 23.— The Govern
ment of the United States at noon to-day
tiled a suit in the Uni.ed Slates Circuit •
Court, asking that the Government's lien
on the property of tho Union Paciiic Kail
way be foreclosed. The papers presented
comprise the bill of complaint, the ap
pearaDce of Attorney-General Harmon in
the case, the petition asking leave to make
the receivers defendants and the order of
Judge Sanborn granting tho petition.
The bill has reference to the Union Pa
cific alone, the Central Pacific not being
included. The bill of the Government ii
to be $57,581,771 79; the bill for balance
due tne Government for interent paid on
bonds, 129,964,668 28; matured bonds paid
in February, I*.»'>, in the amount of $4,
--320,000; matured bonds paid in 1897, m
the amount of $3,740,000; bond 3to como
due in 1898, 115,919 512, and the bonds to
come due in 1899, $3,157,0C0.
The defendants are the Union Pacific
Railway and us receivers, F. Gordon Dex
ter and Oliver Ames as nm- mortgage
trustees; the Union Trust Company uf
New York as trustee for bonds issued ia
1873; J. Pierpont Morgan, Edwin F. At
kins and the Central Trust Company aa
trustees for bridge bonds.
The bill, which covers about forty
printed pa^es, describes the organization
of the Union Pacific Railroad, and recites
the various acts of Congress in relation
thereto, with the issues of bonds.
Exhibits are attached showing the state
ment of accounts between the roads and
the Government. It asks that judgment
be had on the priority of all liens; that
the Hen of the United States be adjudged
to be in its proper order a lawful iucum
brance on ah the premises, property and
franchises of the Bystem; that through a
master-in-chancery orotherwiss a aesenp
ti'm- ol all the property of the rail
road be made that is subject to
the lien and liable to be sold,
that ihs value of the sinking fund
be determined and provision made for
turning it into money , also ita application
as a credit on the debt to the Government ;
that on non-payment in a reasonable time
to be fixed by the court, the mortgage be
forecioaed and the proceeds turned into
the treasury of the United States; that
the present receivers be extended for tn is
suit or others appointed for tna preserva
tion of the interests of all parties con
cerned.
The bill will also be filed in the d!strict3
of lowa, Wyoming and Colorado. The
bill for foreclosure on the Kansas Pacific
division of the Union Pacific will be tiled
in Missouri and Kansas.
The officials of the Union Pacific hero
are reticent, stating that they are not in a
LEW TO-DAY.
HUMORS
Itching, Irritated, scaly, crusted Scalps, dry, thin,
and falling Hair, cleansed, purified, and beanti-
fled by warm shampoos with Cuticoba. Soap,
and occasional dressings of CcTictrßA, purest of
emollients, the greatest skin cures.
©ticiira
Treatment will produce a clean, healthy scalp
j with luxuriant, lustrous hair, when all els> falls. i \
Bold throughout the -world. Poms Cum. I
Coir., Sole Prop*., Boston. 1
B**" How to product Luxuriant Hair," mailed free. 4
Clf IWC nil CIRC with Eczema inttantl relit Ted '
OMilO Uli rlnC by Cctictba KcuitDizs.
IT Collins* Toltaic. Electric Piaster*
" ■ relieve weak backs, painful kid-
Ai|A« neyi, uterine pains, sore lungs,
Uli wll muscular pains, and rheumatism,
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods •when you
- can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it.
LEVI STRAUSS & COS
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
Are made of tho best materials.
Cewed with the best threads.
Finished in the best style.
EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
I
S£ M D for a picture of our
Factory, wo will mail ono to you free
■of charge.
L_ _ 1
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
SAN FRANCISCO,
CALIFORNIA.2
position to say anything regarding the
proceedings. It is the general impression
that It will be ninety days before the road
finally passes out of the hands of the
receivers. The news in the papers cam*
as a genuine surprise to the majority of
the officials.
PROrOSEIi Ht.OHii ASiIZ ATIOX.
Jiutsell Sncje Say* the Stockholders Will
lie flir Chirf tinff'er'ru.
NEW YORK, X. V.. Jan. '23.- Scarcely
second in ruiblic importance to the fact
that the Government will shortly fore
close on the lien of the Union Pacific
line is the prospect of the reorganization
of the company. In no other company
have so many citizens of the United
States been interested as the bond and
stock holders, and the widest concern is
being shown in the plans of those having
large interests in the company and at
once looked upon as leaders in any move
ment to put the system upon its feet.
There are two views in Wall street as to
the proper course to pursue and the time
which will be required for reorganization.
The leading interests are at odds. One
plan is now before the people which pro
poses a reorganization which shall cut off
many branch lines and junior securities
and assess stockholders $15 per share.
By many holders of securities it is hoped
better plans will be accorded them. The
fi Tit- mortgage and preferred-security
holders aie in accord with the present
plan.
Some of the leading capitalists and in
stitutions are opposed to the present plan
and hope to see a modified plan. It was
suggested to-day that an effort might
possibly be made, perhaps by Congress, to
prevent the foreclosure sale ordered by
the President, but how such objection
could be made is not explained.
It is expected the syndicate will bid not
less than $45,554,000 lor the Government's
lien and montage on the Union Pacific
and Kansas Pacific line and the sinking
fund. It is understood the syndicate will
be forced to pay out the sum mentioned
for the sinking fund, and other credits
secured will reduce the actual ca.<h needed
to about $28,000,000. The sum required
has been secured by the Kuhn, Loeb &
Co. syndicate, which favors the plan of
the Fitzg raid committee.
The views of the older interests in the
Union Pacific system, whicu include
several capitalists and trust companies,
on the present situation were stated to
day by Russell Sage, who has followed
the Union Pacific from its conception:
'Unless the Government is interested
in the Union Pacitic, which it may be, I
predict the road will in the end never pay
any return to those who advance the
money to pay the Government lien. This
Is a decided statement, but, it will be
proven true by time. The competition
will ruin the road unless Congress can
stand by to aid, as for instance in uphold
ing a 10,000-niile law, for the Northwestern
system can tap every station on the nortn
and the Buriineton system every station
on the south side of the Union Pacitic,
leaving it only a narrow strip of poor
country to live upon.
"One fact should not be lost sight of,
and that is tLat thousands upon thousands
of people have invested their savings in
tlie junior securities of the system, in
the $60,000,000 oL stock because the Gov
ernment waa interested witiJ ihem and
would protect the property. They put it
in the comuany as others put money in
the savings bank?. They will lose all
they have and wnatever they might pay
in to save it if the Government is com
pletely disinterested.
"Now this question is not settled and is
going over to the next administration.
We have had assurances from the highest
officials that the Government would con
tinue its protection, and unless it does do
so the company may not be reorganized
for years. With the Government in it an
assessment of $10 per share would be suf
ficient and the savings of tens of thou
sands of people would be protected."
The Government directors of the com
pany met at 1 o'clock this- afiernoon.
E. Ellery Anderson said that the meeting
was hardly more than ' a form. Nothing
stood in the way of foreclosure, he added,
as Congress could not take any action
contrary to the law of 1878.
Jk OW FO It TH t' ( I -V Lit AI. P ACI FI C.
Jirice Says a Syndicate Is Organizing
to Hid /or the Road.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23 — Sena
tor Brice of Ohio, a stockholder of the
Union Pacific Company, said to The Call
correspondent to-night that a syndicate
was now organizing which would make a
bid for the Ct-nual Pacific after fore
closure proceedings.
The Department of Justice is now try
in c to come to a conclusion as to whether
that company is in default. The copapany
claims that it has paid up principal and
interest, and that there can be no default
until January 1, 1898, and may not be
ihen, but in this calculation they include
as an offset $1,800,000, which the com
pany claims the Government owes the
Central Pacific.
Senator Perkins said to-day: "I hope it
is true that a syndicate will offer propor
tionately as much for the Central Pacific
as the reorganization committee has bid
for the Union Pacific — viz.: About 74 per
cent of the amount due the Government.
1 would be in favor of such a settlement."
"Will it be necessary for Congress to
ratify the agreement made by the Depart
ment of Justice with the iJnion Pacific?"
asked a Call correspondent.
"1 do not think so," said Senator Per
kins, ''and this eeems to be the opinion
also of Senator Brice and others with
whom I talked to-day."
Judje Maguire said to-night: "I under
stand that Mr. Huntingdon will urge.the
passage of the Gear-Harrison bill for a
Pacific Railroad commission, notwith
standing the agreement made for the set
tlement of the Union Pacific debt. But
the agreement entered into by the latter
road and Attorney-General Harmon, prac
tiraily settles Pacific roads action by Con
gress. It will be ea-y enough to demon
strate to Congress that no further legisla
tion is necessary to protect the Govern
ment's interests. I am assured that the
Chicago and Northwestern Railroad will
see the bid of the Union Pacific syndicate
and go them $10,000,000 better, as we would
say in the parlance of the gaming-table.
"The Chicago and Northwestern will
offer $50,000,000 for the Union Pacific, and
1 have no doubt that under foreclosure
proceedings the Central Pacific will bring
as much in proportion. Congressmen are
now beginning to realize the truth of
what we have always alleged, viz: That
if the roads were sold under foreclosure
proceedings the Government would realize
almost ti e entire amount of the Pacific
roads' indebtedne-s."
Kunning Short of Silver Certificate*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.— The
Secretary of the Treasury has informed
the Senate that unless immediate steps
p.re taken to increase the daily delivery of
silver certificates of small denominations
by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing
the stock of such certificates in the treas
ury will be so oepleted as to prevent the
redemption of denominations usually
called lor by the banks. He recomineads
an appropriation of $46,000 for increasing
the force to keep up with the demand.
I HIS 31 AC HI AS AT BAAGKOK.
Hurried Ihithtr From Hongkong to Pro-
teet American Interemts.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.— The
gunboat Machias lias arrived at Bangkok
under orders to protect American in
terests, having been hurried there from
Hongkong, 2000 miles away, on receipt of
official news at the State Department last
week of an attack by Siamese soldiers on
United States Deputy Consul-General
Kellet.
An American named Cheek enteted
into partnership with the Siamese Gov
ernment to get out teat wood, the Gov
ernment advancing money. On the pre
tense that he did not meet his obligation
they seized the wood as it came down tne
rivers and sold it. Subsequently, on
Cheek's death, they prevented his execu
tors from selling some of the numerous
elephants he had used in the forests, and
when the State Department took the mat
ter un in 18'J2 Siam resisted the claim of
$1200,000 which was presented. The recent
iroub c, of which tue attack on Consul-
General Kellet was the climax, crew oat
of the claim which Secretary Olney has
now determined to press to a settlement.
Commander MclCenzie will confer with
Minister Barrett and ii the circumstances
warrant a salute to the American flag will
be demanded.
The announcement that the Machias
had been ordered to Bangkok has already
had the effect of materially altering the
attitude ot the Siamese Government to the
United States. She is the first American
war vessel to visit Bangkok lor seven
years and the effect of her mission as soon
as its character became known is reported
to have been exactly as Secretary Oney
ih'-ircd. This information is corroborated
by the immediate effort of Siam to secure
a reference to arbitration of the Cheek
claim, which thai Government has
hitherto resisted all efforts to collect.
Isaac Townsend Smith, the Siamese
Consul-General in this country, is now in
Washington negotiating for arbitration.
THE T>EXHVIT CO MIS G BOMB,
Her Officer* and Mm Bare Been lx
jio*rd to the Plague.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.— The
Navy Department finally admitted to-day
that the cruiser Detroit, now on the China
station, would leave for home about Feb
ruary 9, proceeding for New York via the
Sue.z canal. It has been known for some
time that the ship was coming home", and
it had Deen understood that she has not
been ordered direct across the Pacific to
Sr.n Francico, as is usual, but that her
officers and men, who have been exposed
to tbe ravages of the bubonic plague, will
sail along the Atlantic coast, making ab
solutely essential stops for coal at Kast
Indian ports, including those of the Red
Sea, where healthy conditions never exist.
This created astonishment in official
circles. The orders to the Detroit were
beiore the extent of the plague was
realized, having gone forward Dy mail,
and in explanation that the ship is or
dered over 13,000 instead of 4000 miles to
San Francisco it is said that tbe Detroit is
needed for the North Atlantic fleet, and
the Suez canal is the shorter route to New
York.
Snlnry Suit Agnintt Actor Mansfield.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 23.-Suit
was begun here to-day against Richard
Mansfield, the actor, by Miss Ethel Doug
lass, said tc be Ethel Sprague, to recover
eleven weeks' salary at $50 per week, due
her by Mansfield. Miss Douglass claims
a contract with Mansfield, who refused
her services and payment.
Grover <?<>«•« /Jt^cfc Hunting Again,
WASHINGTON, D. C. r Jan. 23.—Presi
dent Cleveland left town quietly last night
in the lighthouse-tender Maple with Cap
tain Larnber'on on a duck shooting trip
on the Potomac, near Quautico, Va. The
party will return this evening.
DIES IN A CHICAGO HOTEL
After Registering Under an Assumed Name
Mrs. Julia F. Jordan Expires
Suddenly.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 23.— After regis
tering under an assumed name Mrs. Julia
F. Jordan, who came here several months
ago from San Francisco, died at the
Palmer House early this morning without
having revealed her identity.
She was the wife of John M. Jordan of
Port Angeles, Wash., and is said to have
owned considerable property in the far
West. Although having lived in one
neighborhood since she came to Chicaco,
she bad revealed little of her past life. Her
death was accompanied with unusual cir
cumstances, and violent means were .at
fir3t suspected. A po9t-mortem examina
tion was held and chronic bronchitis was
found to be the cause of her death. She
registered at the Palmer House yesterday
morning and was ill when she went to her
room. Her identity was learned through
papers found in her possession.
Her husband was communicated with
and a reply was received this evening re
questing that the remains be buried in
Chicago. She occupied apartments here
on North Paulina street.
Ha-Uu <;<■!* the JierUion.
NEW YORK, N. Y M Jan. 23.-The star
attraction at the boxing exhibition of the
Polo Athletic Club was a twenty-round
bout at 115 pounds between Austin Rice
and Patsy Haley. Haley had the best of
the contest from the beginning, and was
awarded the decision. Haley will now be
matched against "Pedlar" Palmer of Eng
land for the 115-pound championship of
the world.
The first of the preliminary bouts was
between t'.illy Rochfort of Chicago and
Jack Sullivan of this city, and it was won
by Rochfort in the seventh round.
Another Victim of the Coal Wnr.
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 23— The
Great Western Coal Company failed to
day as a result of the war on coal prices,
that has been costing the operators an
immense amount for a month, it was at
tached by the' Maple Grove Coal Company
on an $18,000 claim. The Great Western
did not produce extensively, but handled
coal in immense quantities. It is the sec
ond large co*l concern ruined by the price
war.
Mr*. McKinley to Tiait Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 23. — Mrs. Mc-
Kiniey will be in Chicago next week on
very important business. She is coming
here to pay some attention to her inau
guration costumes. Whether the Presi
dent-elect will repeat his programme and
come to Chicago to escort his wife home
was not known at Canton last night. Mrs.
McKinley will start for this' city Monday
or Tuesday. •
timer. Vauifhn Secure* a lHvorec.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 23.— Grace Jen
nings, who is known on the stage as Grace
Vaughn, was granted a decree o* divorce
in Judge Tuthill's court to-day on the
ground of desertion. Her husband was
Andrew B. Jennings, son of A. 11. Jen
nings, a Cleveland dentist and a man of
wealth.
Ten Day* to Fan Hand* and Intrwutt.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. Judge
Woods in the United States Circuit Court
this morning ordered the entire Monon
Railway system sold unless : the overdue
bonds and interest were paid within ten
days. The road went into the hands of a
receiver several' weeks ago. The date of
the sale has not been fixed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
RIGHT OF WAY
FOR THE ROAD
People of Kern County Alive
to the Importance of the
New Line.
All Clear to Bakersfield With
the Exception ot Two
Small Cairns.
Completion of the Valley Railroad
M ans Salvation to a Most Fertile
Agricultural District.
SACRAMENTO, Cat,., Jan. 23.— 1f the
people of Fresno and Tuiare counties
have been somewhat slow in preparing
the right of way for the Valley road the
residents of Kern County have been lully
alive to the necessities of the situation,
and have their part of the work up in
good shape.
Senator Smith of Kern is an efficient
member of the right-of-way committee
for his county, and in an interview here
to-day on the subject said :
'•When I left Bakersfield the right of
way for the Vailey road was clear from
the northern line of the county to ttie
depot site in Bakersfield with the excep
tion of two small claims, and I think that
those have since been adjusted. You may
be sure that we are fully alive to the im
portance and value of ,tbe road to our
county. Our people are naturally very
public spirited, and having, suffered more
than any point in the valley irom unjust
discrimination in freight rates are keenly
alive to the necessity of a competing
road.
"The committee has also had remark
able success in the matter of cash sub
scriptions, the residents of the county in
general, and of Bakerstield in particular,
having come forward with but little
urging. You may say that when the Val
ley road strikes Kern County it will find
clear sailing and a cood breeze."
Senator Smith is the editor of the Kern
County Echo, the leading uaily of the
upper San Joaquin Valiey.
J. M. Hunter of Bakersfield, who is in
terested in the Echo and is also connected
with the farming interests of this county,
accompanied Senator Smith to Sacra
mento. He, 100, is greatly interested in
the competing road.
"The Valley road means the salvation
of the agricultural interests of Kern
County," he said. "Our principal products
ara taose bulky articles which furnish a
largo amount of freight, such as hay,
grain, dried and green fruits, cattle and
hoes. Although we can raise these
articles, especially cattle and hogs,
cheaper than any locality in the State,
we are absolutely prohib ted from enter
ing outside markets by the freight, rates
on tke Southern Pacific. Nor can we
bring in those articles needed to better
develop our farming interests. For an
illustration : l l handle a large amount of
wire fencing manufacture! in Adrian,
Mich.
"A carload from Adrian toMojave, a dis
tance of about 21U0 miles, cost me over
the Santa Fe system $2125. From Mojave
to Bakersfield, a distance of sixty-seven
miiea, the Southern Pacific gets in on it
for $225 more. That's the way the 'short
haul' proposition strikes us.
"We could furnish the desert mines and
ali Arizona and New. Mexico with hay at
profitable figures, but the freight comes
to more than the value of the hay. You
may rest assured that there is not a far
mer in Kern county who will not strain
every point possible to help the Valley
road and who will not give it the prefer
ence for his freight.
"Then in reference to its extension be
yond Bakersfield, if not through the
mountains to connect with the Santa Fe,
at least to the mouth of the Tejon Pass,
at the fofct of the mountains, a distance of
thirty-five miles. Half this distance is
througu perfectly level country, with a
soil that would make a good roadbed, and
through the famous Weed Patch country,
which is already producine immense grain
and hay crop?. The balance of the dis
tance up to Rose station, immediately at
the foot of the mountains, is a perfectly
smooth incline, with a rise of less than
sixty feet to the mile.
"Rose station is on General Beale's
Tejon ranch, and is in the center of a very
large belt of foothill land, which receives
sufficient rainfall to insure large crops of
grain. There are already seeded in this
vicinity 3500 acres of grain, and R. M.
Pogson, superintendent of the Tejon
ranches, recently stated that if assured
that the Valley road would reach them by
next fall they could seed 30,000 acres.
This is also a magnificent citrus belt, and
a few miles on either aide of Rose station
are already started the orange orchards of
San Emigdio and Tejon.
"From the Tejon orchard there have
been hauled by team to Bakersfield this
season several carloads of as fine oranges
as are grown in the State. Under the
great disadvantage of distance from mar
kfts this locality has developed to a re
markable extent in the last few years, and
will soon pay the small cost of an exten
sion of the road.' '
GENERAL I. is Al l OS.
/till* Intended to lleneflt the J'eople of
the mate.
bACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 23.— Mining
men will be interested in Assembly bill
454, introuueed by the Committee on
Mines and Mining Interests as a substi
tute for Assembly bill 27. Section lof an
act entitled "An act for the lurther protec
tion of stockholders in mining com
panies," approved April 23, 1880, is hereby
amended so as to read:
Section 1. It shall not be lawful for the
directors of any mining corporation to sell,
lease, mortgage or otnerwise dispose oi the
whole or any part of the mining ground
owned or held by §uch corporation, nor to
purchase or obtain in any way (exceut by
location) any additional mining ground, un
less such act be ratified by the holders of at
least a majority ot the stock of such cor
poration then outstanding. Such^ ratifi
cation may be made either In writ
ing, signed and acknowledged by such
stockholders, jor by resolution, duly passed at
any regularly called stockholders' meeting.
The certificate of the secretary of any mining
corporation reciting such ratification at a
stockholders' meeting, or the names of stock
holders, with the amount of stock held by
each, end the total stock outstanding sigaed
and acknowledged by him in the warmer pro
vided for acknowledgments to conveyances of
real property, may be attached to or Indorsed
upon any deed, mortgage, conveyance, or
other Instrument made under this act and re
corded with such deed, conveyance or other
instrument, ana the recitals contained in
such certificates, or the* duly recorded copy
thereof, are made prima facie evidence of their
truthfulness for all purposes -whatsoever; pro
vided, that no one except a stockholder in any
such corporation shall be permitted to urge
any objection to the acquisition of any addi
tional ground or other property by such cor
poration.
Assembly bill 458, by the committee on
Prevision of Codes ana Statutes, is as fol
lows:
Sectfon 868 of the Code of Civil Procedure
of California is hereby amended to read as fol
lows:
Section 868. Tne writ maybe directed to
any Sheriff or Constable in the State of Cali
fornia, and must require him to attach aud
safely keep all the property of the defendant
within his county, not exempt from execution,
or so much thereof as may be sufficient to sat
isfy the plaintiff's demand, the amount of
which must be stated in conformity with the
complaint, unless the defendant give him se
curity, by the undertaking of two sufficient
securities, in an amount sufficient to satisfy
such demand, besides coste; in which case, to
take such undertaking.
The same committee has introduced As
sembly biil 455, as follows:
A new section Is hereby added to the Code of
Civil Procedure, to be known as section six
hundred and seventy-six thereof, to read as
fellows:
(Section G76. Whenever a judgment of a court
decrees that a conveyance of real property be
made by any person, such judgment, when it
becomes linal, shall operate as a deed to cou
vey the property therein decreed to be con
veyed, without any conveyance being exe
cuted by such person. A certified copy of such
judgment, when recorded in the office of the
County Recorder of the county where the
land is situated, shall stand in the place of a
deed.
Assembly bill 456 is by the same com
mittee:
Section 691 of the Code of Civil Procedure
of California is hereby amended to read as
follows:
Section 601. The Sheriff must execute the
writ against the property of the judgment
debtor, by levying on a sufficient amount of
property, if th^re be sufficient; collecting or
selling the things inaction, including judg
ments in favor of or owned by. the judgment
debtor, and selling the other property, and
paying to ttys plaintiff, or his attorney, so
much of the proceeds as will satisfy the judg
ment. Any excess in the proceeds over the
judgment and accruing costs must be returned
to the judgment debtor, unless otherwise di
rected by the judgment or order of the court.
When there is more property of tne judgment
debtor than is sufficient to satisfy tbe judg
ment and accruing costs wiihin the view of
the Sheriff he must levy only on such part of
the property as the judgment debtor may indi
cate, if the property indicated be amply suffi
cient to satisfy the judgment and costs.
Assembly bill No. 457 is by the same
committee:
A new sectl^ * 8 hereby added to the Code
of Civil Procedure of California, 'to be known
as section eight hundred and eleven thereof,
to read as follows:
Section 811. A corporation may he dis
solvt d, at the suit of the Attorney-General on
behalf of the State, for violation of any law of
tiie State under which it was created, or for
the non-performance of obligations assumed
by it in favor of the State.
The salary of the Commissioner of Public
"Works is cut down from $4000 p%f year to
$3000, and his term of office has been
lengthened for two years, as is shown by
Assembly bill 134, as follows:
Section 1. Section 1 of an act entitled "An
act creating a Commissioner ot Public Works,
defining his duties and powers, prescribing
his compensation and making appropriation,"
approved Jlurch 24, 1893, is hereby amended
to read as follows:
Suction 1. There is hereby created a Com
missioner of Public Works, to be appointed by
the Governor. The Commissioner first ap
pointed under this act shall hold his office for
tne XernuAf two yenrs from the Ist day of
March, jj*93f, ami until his Buccessor'shall be
appohUQfl ana qualified, and ail sub
sequent appointments shall be for the
term of four years. In case of vacancy occa
sioned by death, resignation or otherwise tne
Governor shall appoint his successor; pro
vided, that any appointment made to fill a
vacancy-shall be only lor ;he unexpired por
tion of the term for which the original ap
pointment was made. Said officer, before en
tering upou the discharge of his duty, shall
take aud subscribe the official oath ana exe
cute an official bond In the sum of $0000. to
be approved by the Governor and tiled and re
corded in the office of the Secretary of Stale,
as in the case of bonds of other State officials.
Such Commissioner shall receive a salary of
$3000 p--r annum, payable in monthly install
ments, and shall be allowed his actual travel
ing and other necessary incidental expenses
incurred while in tue performance of official
duties.
The Assembly bill appropriating $300,
--000 for the purchase of the Bates dredger
for the improvement of tbe rivers and
harbors of this State has encountered a
snag;. It is said that the Bates patent is
in litigation, Alphonzo B. Bowers claim
ing to be the sole inventor and patentee
of the system of hydraulic dredging util
ized in the United States, Australia and
Europe.
By invitation of Warden Aull and the
State Prison Commission, legislators and
their wives and lady friends will visit the
Folsorn State prison to-morrow to inspect
the dam and the sources of the power that
supplies the city of Sacramento with elec
tric light, and that furnishes the motive
power for the electric streetcar system.
QUIET AT IHE (APHAL.
Ifearly All Member* of the Legislature
I/nnri> Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 23.— The
peace of tbe Sabbath pervaded the halls
of legislation to day, most of the law
makers being out of town.
Mr. Duckworth's physician reports his
condition much improved to-night and
expects that unless something unfavora
ble should bapnen he will be able 10 be
around on Monday. He reports also that
the patient narrowly escaped a stroke of
paralysis. ________________
JUMjItA sail* Jt'Olt JiUJtOPE.
Aiitueron* Floral Offering* From Friends
of th- >nmi)i« Hong st rent.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 23— Mme.
Melba, accompanied by her two maids,
left for Paris this morning at 6 o'clock on
the Bourgogne. She went on board
last night at midnight. For hours before
that time friends were wailing for her in
her stateroom, which had been converted,
for the time, into a conservatory. So
numerous were the floral offerings for the
famous songstress that many nad to be
lelt in the saloon.
It had been thought that Melba would
not be late in her coming, owing to her in
disposition, but she seemed to forget for
the time ihe fact that illness was her plea
for leaving New York at this season of the
year, in tbe enjoyment of dining with
friends on the eve of her departure from
them.
it XT RAZES AGAINST lAQUIB.
Hot Fight in Which ltvelv* Indiana and,
fire Soldiers .->re Kill- d.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 23.— A special
from Chihuahua, Mexico, says: At
Rosales. west of here, in the heart of the
Sierra Mad re range, a large force of rurales
met the Yaqui Indians, who had started
out on their winter raids of pillage and
murder against the farmer? and miners of
that section. The Indians had already
murdered all the members of two fam
ilies, and were about to attempt to sack
the village of Kosales when the force of
rural guards, or state troops, arrived at
the place in response to a message and
made the attack on the Indians. The tight
was a desperate one, and: resulted in
twelve Indians and live soldiers beinjj
killed.
WOLFE'S POLICE
BILL IS FAVORED
Measures to Increase the
Eificiency of This City's
Depariment.
Larger Salaries for Officers and
Creation of Inspectors Prc
vided For.
Merchants Apprcva the P an to Raise
the Standard ot the Saa Fran-
Cisco Force.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 23.— Senator
Wolfe has introduced a measure provid
ing for an increase in the salaries of the
officials of the Police Department of San
Francisco. The proposition has fhe ap
proval of the Police Commissioners and
is said to be generally favored by the busi
ness people of San Francisco. As the bill
now reads it is objected to by Senator
Bulla, for the reason that it may be con
strued to apply to Los Angeles. Aside
from this it has tde approval of the Com
mittee on Corporations, which is expected
to report it favorably on Wednesday, after
an amendment making it applicable to
San Francisco only.
in addition to increasing the salaries of
certain officials it provides fora new grade
of official rank, to be known as inspector
of police, which official is to be second in
authority to the Chief. Two such in
spectors are provided for at a salary of
$3000 each per annum.
At present the salaries proposed to be
changed stands a^ follows: Chief $3000,
captains $1800, clerk "of Chief $1500, prop
erty cierk $1500, detectives $1500. Wolfe's
bill fixes tne respective salaries as follows:
Chief $5000, captains $2500, clerk of Chief
$2500 property clerk $2500, detectives $1800.
Police Commissioner Guust, before ad
vocating this proposition, entered into
correspondence with Theodore Roosevelt,
chairman of the New York Police Depart
ment, and received a communication
from that gentleman in which occurred
the following:
"We pay our men very well here in New
York, giving a patrolman $1000 for the
first year ami gradually raising that to
$1400, while the ii"Xt grade, that of
roundsman, gets $1500, sergeants $2000,
captain* $2700, inspectors $3309 and tnc
chief $6000. I suppose thia would be
higher than you would care to pay, but
they ought to be well paid."
"So far as I have heard,' : said Senator
Wolfe, speakine of the bill to-day, "there
is no opposition to this bill. While there
is some general criticism to measures in
creasing the salaries of officials in San
Francisco, those criticisms do not apply
to the Police Department.
"It i 3 a matter of fact that our police
officials are paid about the same salaries
to-day as they were when the department
was riot a third as large. The captains of
police, such as Wittman, Splllane and
Giilen, have an average of nearly 200 men
under them, wmle in New York City and
otner large Eastern cities captains of
police have only about eighty men under
them and receive a salary of $2700.
''The position of captain ot police is a
very responsible and important one. Fre
quently they are compelled to entertain
visiting police officials from other cities.
As there is no contingent fund for this
purpose the expense has to come out of
their salaries.
"We have an honest and efficient Police
Department at present and we want to
keep it so. I believe in paying men what
their services are worth. To toe proposed
increase of the salary of the Chief of
Police I find no opposition at all. I have
spoken to a number of leading merchants
of San Francisco ana it was generally
favored by them. 1 take it that this was
not the- result of their friendly feeling
for and satisfaction with Chief Crowley,
but because uf the responsibilities of the
work connected with that position. The
same holds good relative to the other
officers."
Senator Wolfe is also the author of a
bill extending the powers of corporations
sole. The only corporation sole now in
the Slate is Archbishop Kiordan of the
Roman Catholic Church. It is a question
with many attorneys whether under the
existing law the Archbishop, in his ca
pacity as a corporation sole, has the legal
right to transfer real estate and perform
other legal duties without first securing
an order of court. In order to make him
free to act without this preliminary step
the act proposed by Senator Wolfe pro
vides as follows:
Every corporation sole shall, however, have
power to contract in the same manner and to
the same extent as a natural person, and may
sue and be sued, and may defend, In all courts
and places, in all matters and proceedings
whatever, and shall have authority to borrow
money, and give promissory notes therefor,
and to secure the payment thereof by mort
gage or other lien upon property, real or per
sonal ; to buy, sell, lease or mortgage, and in
every way deal in real and personal property
to the same extent and in the same manner
that a natural person may, and without the
order of any court; to receive bequests and
devises for its own use or upon trusts to the
same extent as natural persons may; and to
appoint attorneys in fact.
Al:l IM-.1.1.l i*. ..xjnr xork.
Will Celebrate Pontifical Mnsit in Honor
of th* feant of St. Agnen.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 23.—Arch
bishop Martinelli, the anostolic delegate,
arrived here this afternoon from Wash
ington. The Rev. Dr. Henry A. Brann,
pastor of St. Agnes Church, met the dele
gate, who was accompanied by his secre
tary, the Rev. Dr. F. L. W. Becker, at the
Jersey City railroad depot. The delegate
will be the guest of Dr. Brann, pastor of
St. Agnes Church, while he remains
in this city. He will officiate to-morrow
at the pontifical mass in St. Agnes Church
And pains of rheumatism are dnfi to lactic
acid in the blood. Hood's Saraaparilla
neutralizes acid, uuriiies the blood, cures
rheumatism.
Sarsaparilla
The best— in feet the One True Blood Purifier.
Mnnrl'o Pilio are the 01ll >' i" lls t0 tak «
IiUUU 0 NliO with Hood's barsauariila.
in ':onor of the feast of St. Agnes. To
morrow afternoon a reception will be held
at Dr. Brann's and the clergy and laity of
the diocese will pay their respects to tne
delegate. _
IM MIGRANT TRAFFIC RATES.
Managers Are Trying to Equalize Com-
missions— Endeavorers May Not
Come to San Francisco.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 23.— The advisory
board of the Western Immigrant Clearing
house has decided to submit a resolution
to all the interested roads providing for
the payment by them of commissions,
whicn the trunk line and central passen
ger common lines refuse to pay on immi
grant business via Chicago and St. Louis.
The Joint Traffic Association will not
allow any commissions to be paid, and
plan is adopted as the only way to
equalize commissions, compared with
those paid by the Southern Pac:tic and
other lines, for business via New Orleans.
The arrangements m;de by the trans
continental roads for a division of the
Christian Endeavor business going to the
San Francisco convention id not satisfac
tory to the officials ol the society who
have charge of the convention, because it
spoils their opportunity to get many
special favors and concessions from the
roads tnemselves. In former conventions,
it is said, much of ihe expense of the
society and officers individually has been
borne by the roads being played against
each other. It was reported to-day that
those in charge of the convention arrange
ments had notified the roadu that there
was a strong probability of the gathering
being removed to Philadelphia.
The over and rate made is too low to
allow of former favors beine granted.
TH E W O H . i A A UWR A GISTS.
Leaders Arriving at ties IHoinea for the
JS'ntional Contention.
DES MOINEB, lowa, Jan. 23.— Harriet
Tay.or Upton of Philadelphia, treasurer;
Currie Lane Chapman Catt of New York,
head of organization committee; Lucy E.
Anthony of Philadelphia, Harriet G-. Hay
of Indianapolis are the day's advance ar
rivals for the National Woman Suffrage
Convention next week. Susan B.Anthony,
Rachel iVost-T A very; of Philadelphia and
the other officeis win arrive to-morrow.
The Western States are expected to be
strongiy represented. The convention
will open Tuesday and last all week.
bTEEij MILLS XO CLOSE.
About Six Hundred Urn Will Be Out of
Employment.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Jan. 23.— Notice
has been given to ti-e employes of the
Illinois Steel Company that all their mills,
with the exception of the Merchants' and
the puddling mills— the latter of which
has been closed for the past two weeks,
but will reopen January 25 — will close
next Monday. This will throw about 600
men out of employment.
7rain Dnnh<-» lntn an H'dric-Car.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.. Jan. -'3.— This
evening an electric-car was struck by a
freight train. Motormnn John Hake was
killed outright and conductor Frank Rei
ner fatally injured. Five of the passen
gers aboard the car were seriously in
jured.
Moth-r and. Two Children Ptrinh.
BEDFORD, Pa., Jan. 23.— The homejof
William Croyte was 'destroyed by fire to
day and his wife and two children per
isberl in the Hames. Mrs. Crovte made an
heroic effort to save her children, and in
so doinj; lost her life.
Melancholia
Despair
Misery
Sorrow
•oooooooooooo* L/CUilll V
I cures in I Disease
I a week I Weakness
♦OOOOOOOOOOOO* gjnog
•oooooooooooo* ' JLoSSeS
I CURES IN I ftoto.
? m „.-..-., x Fallings
|.. A WEEK I Disabilities
*oockx>oooo<kk>* Failing Manhood i
Loss of Memory i
Spermatorrhoea
-' Nervous Debility
Constipation
Lack of Capacity
General Decline of Power
THE ABOVE WORDS TELL US OF SYMP-
-1 toms of diseases of men and but feebly con-
vey to our minds the actual sorrow of him who
is a weak man. The sowing of the seeds of
vice and dissipation, the vicious habits of
men who do all they can to. and actually do !
abuse themselves brim; on these troubles end '
these evil dream*.
MEN TAKE CARE.
The only way to get back your vitality the
only way to be a real, true, vigorous man i«- to
stop the waste. A wasting man. a man whose
vitality is daily growinß less an.l less, soon
begins to have sleepless nights. Glimmering
fIiCKS appear before the eyes, darting before
him in minute pieces, like a huge star scatter-
ing. When you note this condition you are on
the eve of Nervous Debility, and if you are
not careful you will be sure to fall into
Nervous Prostration.
THE SURE CURE.
Hudyan is tne sure cure. Hudvan cures
Nervous Debility, Lost Mnnhooi," Kidnev<'
Debility Liver Debility, Blues. Melancholia,
Special Weakness and Disabilities of Men.
Uudyan cures pimples, drones* losses
Huydan cares varicocele. hydrocele ami affec-
tions of the prostate gland. Hqdran cures
spermatorrhoaa and atrophy. Hudyan cures
weak back. Hudyan stops all loss<4 ail drains, I
all enfeeblenientß. Hudyan sometimes is
efficacious in the most stubborn oases.
>000<>000<K>0<><><><><>0<>OCK>*
g. CIHCULArtS FRE . g
*<X><>CKX><K>o<>O<>O<><><>o<XK>*
Qfl-fIAV PIIHC If you are suffering
OU UHI UUfIC from malignant Blood
Qfl>nAV PIIDC Poison, or if your
OU UHI bUnt blood is tainted; if the
Qfl fIAV PIIDC disease Is in the first,
OU'UHI If U fit secondary or tery^/
30-DAY CURE state you can beefed
OU UAT llUnt withthe 30 d>cure.
30-OAY - PIIDC Call or wr for 30-
UU UHI bUnt day circulars.
Hudson Medical Institute
;> Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts.
nnilflllPO FOR EARRKRS. BAK-
KnllKifF!% pr * bootblacks, bath-
UllUUntU bouses, billiard - tables,
brewers, *»ok binders, candy-makers, canuers,
dyers, • flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories. sUbla-
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
,_, BUCHANAN' BROS., -■•
Kruah Manufacturers. 609Sacrainanto9l*
■ >""-, vj - - . , . ... . . .. . . ■ .
NEW TO-DAT.
""special
For This Week.
Syrup, 1-galloncans Q'C
Syrup, 5-gallon Kegs. Q'C
Butter, creamery, per square QAC
Boneless Sardines, large cans. Imported.. O,""C
Tomatoes, concentrated, 8-pound cans.... ,-c
O
Pineapple, grated, 2-pound cans. -i r\Q
Maple Syrnp, absolutely pore, per gallon. rr - c
Cheese, full cream, California, per pound. 1 010
■»-;.•
Tea. natural leaf, uncolored. 60c grade »)~c
per pound 00
3 pounds for ". q-i .OO
Whisky, malt, for medicinal use, per bot- re: c
tie i 0
Sardines, genuine imported, French, 3 nrc
cans for J.{)
Table Fruits, new pack, per can -1 a(-
Sliced Peaches, very choice, 3 cans for. 9xo
Imported Jams, worth 2J>c, our price ■ -i re
Whisky, 6ye*rs old, very fine, per gallon. QQ.SO
V- —
Sherry, 5 years old, worth *fl 60 per gal- QAC
lon i)\)
Port, 5 years old, worth $1 50 per gallon., q/^c
Prunes, new crop, very flue, per pound... mj
O
String Beans. Eastern, new pack, per can re
Candles, good quality, 25 for 9fx°
ZO
Dixie Queeu Smoking Tobacco, per pack- CO
age O
SEND FOR MONTHLY CATALOGUE.
SENT FKEJE EVERYWHERE.
We Pay Freight to 100 Stations'.
WMCLINE
Wholesale and Retail Grocer,
949-S5l MARKET ST.,
Between Fltth and Sixth, San Francisco.
Telephone South SO- ''
/NgJ^pCANCERS
"TlMHiffnfmSfll Klfl 60 pairf liook frreivith
BHuHaWtBiSBM . j ho me testimonials of many
Jf&ttSuP^fcUtlSfr^^tk. pi aces- Women's Breasts
jygj VAI ar.d Men's Lips,
S s'iii'l-rar ; . .
Send to Someone with Cancer
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. Wo. 10 Third St.
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
WE IST GIVE BARGAINS^
Well, they have started to tear
down the Nucleus building to make
room for the "Examiner," and we
are therefore
DOUBLY BLOCKADED.
We realize our position, and we
must sell cheap to do business*
We always sold jjood shoes cheap,
but we are now offering special bar-
gains, so this is .the time to buy.
We have a big assortment of Ladies' Fine
Oxford Ties that will be sacrificed this
week. These Ties are mostly small sizes,
running from •Ji-a to 3, and widths AA. A,
B. The Ties are an assorted lot, including
Cloth and kid tops, pointed or square toes
and patent-leather tips, and Bold regularly
from 9'i 50 to $3 60, Out we will close them
out for BW
SOo rt Fair.
81.25.
«sj_^^ A few pairs left.
fjjf *T f-adle*' extra fine
§•«?■» Kld Butlon s hops \
f.-\l*r-« :or * I '->''• sizes
["■'Sam -Vi to ;il 2- wld th 3
JK&MtM AA, A,B. C'.rriru-,
jf&rZJti ■*' P rlce *•*• Odd
JT>IA ■ L>^\ "*• snjail sizes.
! ' J?*ii£^"^ W "y° feet »re
M W -onaUyou will be
), m^^[ X- strlcJy in it.
850.
mMM SPECIAL.
V •»] j Ladies' Black 6-X
I. ' ■• jf Be«verOvergalter3
li 1 ■# all sizes, tint- fitters,
L"■ 1 sold this week for
Ji ■ • 4 3irc a pair.
£ ■» 1 Worth regular $1.
f tr*t _J Ladles' Storm
"JBP&StP&ISiy Rubbers, medium
| ft&Stwr iiv3 round toes, reduced
'''■■■" to 250.
US' Country orders solicited.
AST Send for Sew Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third St.. Baa Francisco.
"drTmultyT
T'Hli* WEf,LKXOWX AND RKLrABLE OM)
• I Specialist l > ri\att-,Nprvoiis,l>loo.luiicl
DiHexses of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
daily ; 6:3o to B.:»ev'es. Sundays, 10 to 12. O>nmlta-
tioufree and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE MfXUITT, W. D-
-2G'.j Ucaiiiv Ntrret, Kan Frandtro, Cat.
PCfcleheatcr's tn«li«h DUsmmki Brand. .-
ENNYROYAL PILLS
~<E">v Original »nd Only Cennlae. A
£" if TZv\ ••»«, «lw»y» reliable, ladies uk /T\
XjfL^^ML Drug f lrt ft>r a " c »«««''» gn°l!.*h* ' "*. /S\\
(gWtjßfi&spx»ondßtand In Ked «nd Gold meUllioVVHr
"^ — -Twi»zbone«. * niti with bine ribbon. Take \V
I^l <^ v^Jno other. RefHst dangerous tubitun- V
I L /if tiiu and imitation*. At Dnngi <t i..r Mnd4<fc
I * Mln •t»mpf for p:irtici»lari, le.tioooiiW «n4
A^-/^^i^&oWJ!s^aiir^.Ts^LIVELY SESSIONS
OF THE REICHSTAG
Protests Made in Vain
Against the Gag on
the Press.
fquabb!es Over the Tariff and
Hints as to New Treaties
of Commerc?.
G rman Health Authorities Taks Pre
cautions Against the Importation
of the Plague.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 23.— This
week's proceeding- in the Reichstag were
marked by incidents which provoked spir
ited discussions and saved the sittings of
the cbarube from absolute dul. ness. The
first of these scenes was brought up by
Herr Mantel, Richterite Had cal, who
calied attention to the arrest of the editor
of the Frankfort Gazette for refusing to
reveal the name of the writer of an article
published in his paper.which the authori
se- characterized as an act of le.-e ma
<-te and his subsequent release upon the
ure to extract from him the informa
;.on desired.
Herr Munkel desired that the editors of
new-pa) ers be relieved from any obliga
tion to disclose the identity of the writers
of articles appearing in their Journals,
whereupon Dr. Schoenstedt, Minister of
Justice, suggested that revelations on the
part of the editors of the names of con
tributors upon the demand of proper
authorities was a legal necessity. No one
but Government officers, he contended,
: to be aempt from giving informa
. and only then when ordered by their
superiors in office to observe silence.
A hot debate ensued and the subject was
taken up by the newspapers next day, the
Radical and Socialist journals violently
protesting against the atiitude aVsumed
by l»r. and assailing the
Government authorities and the judges of
the courts for their bad faith.
There was a rather lively debate on the
subject of duties imposed on Quebacho
wood, which elicited the statement made
1 y Count l\)>.iduwski Wehner, tne Minis
ter of the Imperial Treasury. In repard
to the revision oi the German commercial
treaties in 18f3O Count Posadosky said that
the Government was preparing a new cus
toms tariff, destined to reform the tariffs
in the existing commercial treaties which
would terminate ir. 1904, and spoke of an
autonomous customs tarifi as being under
consideration. Althougti the Minister did
not especially refer to America the im
pression produced was that the Govern
it contemplates changes which will
t trade with the United States.
Another incident which enlivened the
proceedings was caused by Dr. yon Boet
ticher, Imperial Secretary of State, who
took the agrarians to task for repeated
declarations that disease among cattle
<was ad in Germany through the
. ;\ of loreign animals. As a
matter of fact, he said, the disease among
cattle in Germany did not result exclu
v from imported animals, but was
very oiten of local origin. German
farmers, be held, should carry out the
tary precautions, which they were
neglecting, and observe a stricter veteri
nary supervision over their own animals
than they were now doing.
Tne conferences which have been
held by the Imperial Board of Health
upon the fatal bubonic plague, now raging
In Bombay, have led to the senaingof Ger
man health officers to Vienna and Rome
to arrange preventive measures.
The Prince of Oldenburg, the head of
the Russian medical institution, has vis
ited O lessa to observe the situation there
in retard to the possibility of the intro
duction of the plague throueh that port,
and is about to visit Berlin and Paris for
the purpose of consulting with medical
ai:d health authorities in tho-e capitals.
The German Imperial Board of Ile.iith
has h;-'4e(.i orders that all persons arriving
from India, Persia and Red Sea ports be
especially watched and quarantined at
Hamburg or Bremen on suspicion of their
infection with the plague.
Professor Drasche, a member of the
Austrian Sanitary Council, states that
there it great danger that the plague will
make its appearance in Europe arid ex
i're--;es the pinion that European trade
with infected Indian ports ought to be
stopped at one? and such ports closed.
Professor Kieffir, son-in-law of Dr.
Koch, the bacteriologist, expressed his
belief that sporadic cases of the piague
■will appear in Europe, but does not be
lieve that the disease will become epi
. demic if energetic measures for its preven
tion are taken.
The Zukunft asserts that Prince Bis
rck is greatly enraged at the indignity
A on his son, Count Herbert, by the
\ eror upon the occasion of the recent
marriage of the daughter of Minister yon
Wedel to Lieutenant Bismarck Buhlen,
which the Ka:-<er would oniy consent to
attend on condition that Count Herbert,
cousin of the bridegroom, would not be
present at thy wed ling, aespite the iact
that b ! had been invited. According to
the Zukunft, the ex-Chancellor regards
incident as an in-uu to himself, for
which hs was u:iable to assign any cause.
United S;ates Embassador Uhi and Mrs.
Uhl attended the annual Embassadors'
dinner at the Royal Schlooa on Thursday.
The suicide ot Fritz Spaber, the Ameri
can violinist, in the Hotel Dentscher in
Berlin on Monday, is attributed by his
friends here to his unhappy marriage.
LADY 6COT 7 'S PRISON LIFE.
Fas/ucnr.b/e Circles Disapprove the Leni
ency Shown the Fair Defamer in
Holioway Jail.
LONDON, Esq.. Jan. 23.— The consider
ation with which Lady Scott, who was re
cently sentenced to eight months' im
prison men t for libeiing her son-in-law,
Earl Russ3ll, is treated in Holioway
I •■: •;!), Unas adverse criticism even -in
lashionable circles. Th» last titled lady
se::t to Holioway is the Duchessof Suiher
i -and, now Lady Roliit. But. hers was not
1 •: criminal ca.-ie, tiie offense being con-
empt of court.
' A strong opinion now prevails in society
that Lady Scott has been too leniently
rlealt with. The ti'ie has turned toward
E^ri Russell. Lady Scott's imprisonment
is attended with amenities, just as were
accorded to the Dcciiess of Southerlanii.
Two rooms have been specially furnished
for her by lier son-in-law, Mr. Dick Rqs
&ell, who paid i he cost of the trial. Her
wine and loud, papers and books are sup
plied from outside. A specially paid
matron warden wans upon her.
She will shortly plead that her health is
breaking down from the confinement, but
i: nublic opinion ia regarded the Home
O trice will require the full term to be
served. The last woman of title convicted
was Rose, Lady Gunning, who admitted a
charge ot lorgery to save her father, a
Church of England clergyman, from giv
ing evidence against her. La.ly Gunnmg
got twelve months and seived them ouu
That no special stigma lias attached to
her offense is shown in the fact that her
name is now associated with the manage
ment of a ladies' club.
DISCONTENT IN BELGIUM.
Serious Trouble Is Likely to Follow the
Next Drawing of Conscripts
tor the Army.
LONDON, E.ng., Jan. 23.— Advices from
Belgium show a serious state of affairs
there, arising from the conscription law,
which provides that every man who has
completed his nineteenth year is liable to
military service for eight years, ot which,
however, two-thiris are allowed as a rule
on furlough. An important clause of the
law provides tuat a conscript may pur
chase a substitute, and it is this clause
that causes the trouble.
Wealthy youug men are abls to pur
chase exemption, which ihey do in large
numbers, by getting a sub, and thu-. prac
tically speaking, the whole military serv
ice ol the country falls upon those who
aro least qualified by their domestic
duties (o perform it.
Great discontent prevails against the
system which takes young men from their
employment, and it is anticipated th.it
trouble will icllow the drawing of the IS!>7
conscripts in February. The Government
nas received information that an organ
ized resistance is being prepared, in wnich
the socialists, who include a very laree
proportion of the woikingmen of the
country, are taking a most active part.
The young men liable to the conscrip
tion are advised not to serve, and the
labor leaeue has promised to uacn them
up in their resistance to the Government.
Alrnady military positions have been
made to meet the trouble, and the draw
ing of couscripts is looked lorward to with
much anxiety.
TAMAGATa'S MISSION.
Kill Jirpreient the Mikado at the Queen's
Jtibiler.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 23.— Yamagata is>
reported as the appointed representative
of the Mikado to the Queen's juhilee. He
intended visiting England last year, when
he was Japanese envoy to the Moscow
coronation. His object then was to make
a tour of the English dockyards and
ship-building yards. Li Hung Chang was
on a similar visit of inspection at the
time, so Count Yamagata postponed a
mission which he will ihisyear carry out.
Shipping m « Severe Gnle.
LONDON, Ehg., Jan. 23.— A severe
easterly gale is prevailing throughont
Great Britain and Northwestern Europe.
Many casualties have occurred |and a
number ot roasting vessels and fishing
boa's are tniseing, and grave fears are en
tertained for their safety. A brigantiue
has been driven upon a pier at Reacar and
totally wrecked.
MRS. BRADLEY-MARTIN'S BALL
Rev. Dr. Rainsford Thinks the Proposed
Ostentatious Extravagance a Meek
er/ of the Poor.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 23. -The Rev.
3. Rains. ord of St. George's Church se
cured a more complete social recognition
vesterd.iy because of a declaration that he
had warned nis parishioners from attend
ing Mrs. Bradley-Martin's bal masque on
February 10 than nad oome to him since
he took up his residence in New York
City. As to the v. isdom or folly of his
advice, however, there is a marked differ
ence of opinion. The attitude assumed
by frequenters of such social entertain
ments similar to the one which Mrs.
Bradley-Martin contemplates as were
seen yesterday was indicative of com
miseration.
The interest in this forthcoming ball is
based upon the impression wnich prevails
that in point of lavish expense and su
perbnesspf appointments it is likely to
rival the famous ball given in 1883 by Mrs.
\V. K. Vanderbilt, now Mrs. O. H. P. Bei
niont, at the house at Fifty-second street
and Fifth avenue. That ball was the
talk of the country for some time and of
society for even a longer time yet, and it
probably has not been equaled by any
thing of its kind since.
Mrs. Bradley-Martin's ball is to beheld
at the Waldorf. The ball will be in the
large ballroom, while practically all of the
second floor of the hotel will be given over
to the guests of the evening.
Dr. Rainsford does rot denounce the
ball as a form of entertainment, and says
that he does not want anybody to tbmk
there is anythins personal in his protests.
He simply thinks, lie say?, that such
estentatious disniay cf wealth, which can
but seem reckless extravagance to the
great mass of people, is injudicious at a
time when, as he says, the lines between
the rich and poor are so tightly drawn.
He has spoken to members of his congre
gation who arc among the invited gue?to
of the Bradley-Martin's about the matter
and, it is said, has induced a number of
them to remain away.
When the Vanderbilt ball was an
nounced fourteen years ago the minister
condemned the expenditure of a great
sum of money for folly and pleasure.
Then followed a storm of criticism.
Thereupon Mrs. Vanderbilt, who gave
the ball, which was described as the most
brilliant and picturesque affair that had
taken place in New York, prepared a
statement justifying the cost of the ball,
which totaled about $.'50,000, and this was
printed at the time. It was a presenta
tion of fact.-, going into details, showing
fiow the people who work were those who
really profited by the expenditure of a
quarter of a million dollars.
Both Mr. and Mrs. Bradley-Martin re
fused to discuss the criticisms of the rec
tor from StJ George's from any point of
view. In all probability no one who read
Dr. Rainsford's remarks was less dis
turbed than Mrs. P.md ley-Martin herself.
A DEAL IX IJHMIG&A.STB.
Propoted Combination lor a Monopoly
of the Ira flic.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 23.— A proposed
arrancement between the advisory com
mittee of the Western Immigration Clear
ing-house and the Atlantic steamship
companies providing for a division of
traffic and the payment of commissions,
was considered io-(iay at a meeting of the
advisory committee without any definite
action beinc taken. Mr. Prill, the Euro
pean agent of the western railroads in
mis cla;-9 of business, submitted a report
of his experience and views. The compa
nies are anxious to withdraw their Euro
pean agents for economical reasons. The
prospects are fair for the adoption of the
agreement. Otherwise in the face o! the
Southern Pacific's competition the clear
ing-house may not have t" dUsolve. The
compact proposed is an offensive and de
fensive one, providing that the steamship
companies shall turn over to the clearing
house all the business when it readies t c
seaboard, the Atlantic lines to have sole
control of the immigrant business until
it reaches this side. If the agreement is
adopted the Southern Pacific will have to
join the clearing-house or light for every
passenger.
J-'irrc* PHzznrrt in Michigan.
BENTON HARBOR. Mich., Jan. 23.— A
fierce blizzard is raging to-nii;ht from the
northwest, A heavy sea is running on the
lake, but no vessels arp out *o far as is
known here. The storm almost equals
the one that marked the Chicora disaster
two years ago.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
EXPENSE OF THE
IVORY FIASCO
Twenly Thousand Pounds
Is Squandered by the
Prosecution.
Indignant Ccmments of the Press
May Lead to Parliamentary
Inquiry.
Gladstone and Mo ley Cccfer on Ire
land's Financial Relations With
Great Britain.
LONDON, Enq., Jan. 23. —It is an
nounced that the attempt by the crown
authorities to convict Edward J. Ivory,
alias Edward Bell, of conspiracy to cause
dynamite explosions, which completely
collapsed on Wednesday, entailed an ex
pense upon the treasury of £20,000. Of
this sum £5000 was devoted to the ex
penses of the Scotland Yard authorities
in making researches in Holland, Belgium
and France, with a view to obiaining evi
dence against Ivory and hit aleged
co-conspirators— Tynan, Hainesand Kear
ney — and the sum of £"2500 was spent in
making a similar investigation in the
United States. The remainder was spent
in the prosecution of the defendant in the
Oid Bailey court and in defraying ex
penses incidental thereto.
In the case of the defense, Ivory says it
cost £3000 to carry it to the point where
the Government was compelled, to admit
that t bey had no cause of action against
him.
The cost of the farcical trial having be
come known, the newspapers are indulg
ing in indignant comments, and it is prob
able that there will be a Parliamentary
inquiry into the matter in an endeavor to
learn who is responsible for the prosecu
tion of a case at so much expense, which
he Solicitor-General was finally compelled
to admit should never have been brought
to trial.
Mr. Gladstone, in the course of the con
ference which the ex-Premier recently
held with John Morley, Ljberal member
of Parliament for the Montrose district
and formerly Cbief Secretary for Ireland,
urged the uniting of the Liberal party in
Parliament with the Irish National Par
liamentary party in defense of the latter's
recommendations for the appointment of
a royal commission to consider the finan
cial relation* of Ireland with Great
Britain in respect of the p-roposition of
revenue which Ireland contributes to the
national treasury. It is probable that an
effort will be made to bring about such a
coalition.
It i 3 announced that the Duke of York
will pay a visit to Ireland some time in
May and that Prince Albert of Flanders,
nephew of King Leopold and heir to the
Belgian throne, will make a tour of tue
United States.
Prince and Princess Albert Radziwill of
Russia, the latter of -whom was formerly
Miss Prudencia Milmo of Mexico, sailed
from Southamnton to-day on board tte
American line r.teamer St. Paul.
The announcement is made that Ella
Russell, the American singer, has signed
a contract to appear as Elsa in "Lohen
grin" at the New V rk Metropolitan Opera
house with the Damrosch company before
the present opera season closes. She has
also arranged to sing under the manage
ment of Mr. Wolfsohn with several lead
ing oratorio societies in the United States
in March and April.
A rniicsi nut.s A BISHOP.
Itrfle* the Papal Ablegatt and Demand*
$50,000 Itaniaae* for Sland'r.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Jan. 23.— Father
Haistern, until recently priest in charge
of St. Mary's Cathedral Church at
Barthon, Wis., has liied suit azainst the
Right Rev. Katz, Bishop of the diocese
of Milwaukee.
The proceeding is without precedent
and if a compromise is affected, it mu<t
first be sanctioneo by the Pope. The suit
seeks to recover $50,000 damages for al
leged slander.
Bishop Katz has acquainted Father
Martinelli, the papal delegate at Washing
ton, of the facts in the suit, and Fatly r
Haistern lias been directed by the abie
gate to withdraw the proceedings. Not
withstanding this fact Bishop Katz has
been cited to appear before Court Com
missioner Hugh Ryan and submit to an
examination.
The suit prows out of the troubles in
Barton wuicn occurred soon after Father
Haistern was appointed to tne church
about three years ago.
TItOVBLE 1\ ALASKA.
Abutea by Agrntt of til* Commercial
Company Hcported.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 23 -A Herald
special from Washington says: The re
port of com plaints of members of the Rus
sian Orthodox Church in Alaska on ac
count of alleged outrages by agents of the
commercial company will not likely lead
to nny diplomatic negotiations between
the Uniteil Stales and Russia.
Russian Minister Koetzebue said yestPr
day ihat the persons alleged to have been
maltreated are not Rn*ainn citizens, but
citizens of the United States, thougn
members of the Russian churches, ft aval
officers who returned sevenil months ago
from Alaskan waters, and who are now in
Ibis City, say that it is possible that some
of the squaws in Alaska were responsible
for the disturbances, but they were in
clined to doubt that agents of the com
mercial company had attacked persons of
Russian birth.
CHARGED WITH JFOROBRY.
How the Cashier Jinn the Sioux City
!>arin(jM iiank.
SIOUX CITY. lowa, Jan. 23.— Warrants
for the arrest of Cashier E. P. Stone of the
defunct Sluux City Savings Bank were is- j
sued to-day. The depositors counted on !
$20,000 of cattle paper in the bank vaults
as among the best assets. An investiga
tion failed to discover either the cattle or
the makers of th« notes, and the deposit
ors feared that Stone had forged tnem.
Reports that he had fled increased the ex
citement,. and tc-day his arrest was re
solved upon by the depositors. He is
charged with forgery, making false re
ports to the State Auditor and withdraw
ing the bank's money for his own use and
giving in return worthless securities.
lingua Land Agent Arretted in Hu'te
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 23.— 5. M. Walker,
who claims to bo the owner of 100U acres
of land in Sulano County, Cal., was ar
rested here to-night on a charge of
delrauding O. W. Weller nnd others by
selling them land which they say he does
not own. He lias been selling his alleged
California property in ten-acre tracts at
$100 an acre. Walker is also known as M.
<Ie Castro, and claims to be an officer in
the employ of the Spanish Government.
JjVJ; NEW AT— CLOTHING. __ ■■ ' , •
A RGUMENTT
— , _ : — - — -ssswo-*®^ ■ — ■ •
The Grand Wind-Up!
(His W T V IB For six days more we will use he brooms ; it
£3* W r~^\ f 1 T will be the last six days of 'em. The brooms did
' Ji^r^/fiN vci^~^L W very clever sweeping. They have put you in the way
(LJ^\VaJy-\\ I AJ^>Vnn^\l " I of owning our finest goods at sweep- 'em- out prices.
n^rfTFul^l^ l//fV. oe *v \ r^^ You know what sweep- 'em-out prices mean;
half the regular price.
-^WCTTIWW , 7 #7 7
a ( / A rt />? ° (> , °'\^^i The goods are the same as they always were,
/%JOC^S %^ b \**lL \ T^eii^/lw^* the choicest that minds and money can produce,
«^t^U^\ v-t-J^^^^P'^V)*^ but .the lines are; small large enough for you, but
/l^^ 7 v4i^k^^T^^^^^^^^s I* / r;oo small for us to put in our regular stock. So we
\^%^^^p^^^^^^T\^n^V '^/^. sweep 'em out. We will sweep 'em out again Jlon-
■ [ fi^^^BS^^KwP The luxur of getting our finest clothes at
Li ! WU^^^H I(I sweep- 'em-out prices is not an every day occurrence,
m I for but twice a year do we do sweeping, but when
— "tEd *1 11^^^^^ mlnm we do it you remember it. You feel the benefits;
if 11 IJ'II I 11 we suffer the losses. We are willing twice a year
Monday begins the end of the sweep sale.
i^P?*— nn^^^ roo7?w informs us that the results from his entire
fl^^^^^^^^^^^^H insvection of medium-grade goods give him some
§A JOINT OFFER have sold Ladies' Fedora Hats.
inspection of medium-grade goods give him some
250 Suits and some 350 Overcoats that have sold Ladies' Fedora Hats.
«gra! X' J<^P^| down to 4, 8, 2 and lof a kind. The average for- Last Monday we had such a
vimMSk' yft^\l 7?ier prices range from $7.50 tO $10.00. run on 'em, and they have
____-- pleased so many of our lady
-~^ jp .f+\ i^ \JkJ \~/ K^ 1 1 LOi
In our Men's Hat Department A T^f 'tfHj&i' % "Make one price for the '
Monday we will sell some 300 X A^Yy\/rn^>T\^ lot," sayshe. Say we, "Go
dozen of that very fashionable ft /iff ff\fJ\ £ ahead." You Can own &** Some 200 pret-
Alpine Hat in black, pearl, seal a / I \J/ , &^j \ V f7 „ .. 7 , 7 . rr*«Si /// little, <<nilnr
bri.cn and otter; sa m e goods U'mM J W^JS "'«»", and l M^ rM Ziis Monday
that you'll pay exclusive hatters i^TTf — '/[ rl i stylish ones. You can own /wml^hfe* i ft blue, shield
\$ 1.50 for. Monday in our Big t 3 J l\\4 these Ovcrcoats,andthey re //jß^Br\\ front ' 'prettily
Hat Department at fcJ L— • \\ jf faihianahlp m?p<i OUST A \ trimmed, extra
r^r- r\ J. \ 1 L^ jasnwname ones. E^nTf AJ deep sailor col-
D 5 CJ©n"tS. !/A• '' Your pick of any of 'em — 2|i lar; short trous-
\ ({& \ at \{ V er suitet f or Ht-
— I I ' | rt> <5 r" All 6 fellows be-
ITT] II ' \!D*3 Svi^i »U \U tiveen the ages
II 11/ VV y" || ° Monda 8 yat
II II I *m *m +m D n ' , .
■}J <&* gj A 0 0 W A. cfv "i i~\t~\
morning some (UQ QC f AI . D,'/>l/ 00 0 'A * tbI.UU.
\ 250 knee trous- -jfi^^K JpO.yO TOr KICK. A A A
cr Suits ; Suits <17 \-^j ( \ • —
representing 4w \ V -^*s-^-««^^^^**-^^-»~^-^^^w^^w^
v alices up to IS L m ' f | • Some of our
SS.oOand -$4 M h* 'r-Lfl A XTATUPn r>¥/^ APPPn #5 Chinchilla VwMU^
follfoYtz K-M ANOTHER BIG OFFER »*. m^
and lof a kind; \^A K\&- ®«x^<s^^®««)<sx«'(«x^®S)®S«<^^ with deep sailor &*g
\are J sniall ; but f[ \ Y9 X * S little fellows be- ILt»\Jy^
\ you are sure to g/ " VV V \ tiveen the ages i-jL ,^y
find the boy's "* . °^ and S; i
,size from among so many ; for Our highly fashionable :^^^%^ l Jt^ small lines that JBFsg '
lads between the ages of 5 and £j> nnr ] C-f~ Sn if-* • tlir^p £^^iS%?^S«G4^V have sold down f» 1
IJ. Monday at \SIJ and #lobwits , those /f^^mM&T^\ to a few of a |J J
m _ ,/•<'/■// swell Plaids among A\f<W/ffn\ (J \ V kind. That's ijM/
SI.OO. 'em, with Fly-front Vests, yVj f 'd V^ J J\{f the only reason MBm£
■ * " No end of pretty garments \ J y^k,J^ IB I^CJf why we're cutting 'em. Mon-
. to select from; Suits that jwlp-^it /ji °* eDO C/^
no other store in town will SirA t i|| f/j JB rp^,r>( ).
very ne si°felle l s r t m sell you their like under ■ W \J|§ / S - —
including ex- , Jm)^ Monday in our big Suit <§ YlPfe i
Ira pants, go on f\&<\\ room at *"1 | P^^T^~^7^ The balance of our $1.25 and
the bargain ta- 12^] "cA\ d>^^ /^/^\ 1 !/ I I I $1.50 Fauntleroy Blouses. Your
bles Monday. I pL' # 7. <bO«vJvy« 1 1/ 0 I 1 I) pick Monday, to effect a clean
The collars of I / n**C-r " I" (/ <a^' M sweep at
\ same arc braid- \ I r If V X t^C\ /^i^vv>4"r>
| efZ in. a novel \}J ) \ J V V X " OU \->v3llLO«
'buckle at knee P I Some 600 pairs , ,
0/ trousers. If I I •^^^^^ S^^ S^^^ N^^ %/S^^ /S^^^ S^ /^^^^^^ 0/ Zi^Ze junior E- I .. |
*?*££ i^cre tA^ ■ pants, small / l
bought singly it 9' ** j% 6 balance of our finest grades of English Kersey lin€S that we | j
TeftnTtJTvanU u-ouu v Overcoats in blue and black, including Box Coats in. %£££s% ■' 1 J
&1.25-$7.25. We offer you the Tan Covert Cloths, garments that for richness and representing w /;
suit and the extra trousers M on- beauty cannot find their like in all San Francisco, values up to^sl I j| I
tZl"n:»7e?o ;7'/Z l They have sold down to a few of a Jcind. There are Zdeffip Wj-J
10, »t values among 'em zop to $20. We want to clean 'em *££
m o "7 (X out, so we say Monday for pick, s t 0 8 yearSi at
For both suit and extra, pants. — tPO.OU~ ....... - L»GntS«
IMSTsTRAPHAEL'S RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated), I (INCORPORATED), (Incorporated),
KING PINS ' ,1 77r~ TR %??d SC & BoYS^~cs'i 4. That M* and Popular
9 FOR OVERCOATS. 9* 11» ;lo ana ;*& -Keamy Otreet. Keamy-Street Store.
34
IN A GRIP OF ICE,
SNOW AND WIND
Middle and Western States
in the Thross of a
Blizzard.
Streets of Chicago Filled With
Snow and All Traffic Is
Stopped.
Trains Delayed in All Directions,
and the Prospects Are Gooi for
a Long Blockade.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 23.— High winds,
a heavy and continuous fall of snow and a
temperature only two decrees above zero
combined to make this the stormiest day
of the winter. The wide area of the storm
gave the officials of Western railways
cause for fear that their lines would be
tied up before morning. The conditions
outside the cay are rapidly petting worse,
and the prospects for a blockade, over
Sunday at least, even with the most vig
orous measures for clearing the tracks.
Mail trains came in late to-nieht from
the West. The city street-cleaning bu
reau and the streetcar companies were
compelled to put hundreds of laborers,
teams and gnowplows to worK, and at a
late hour it looked as if they had an all
night job before them. As it was, the
streetcar trallic was much impeded. The
■whole Northwest is in ttie grip of ice,
snow and zero temperature.
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 23.— 10wa is
in the throes of the worst blizzard of the
year. It began about noon and has been
on ever since, Repoits indicate heavy
Enows all over the State, northern and
northwestern points reporting the mer
cury at 15 to 25 decrees below zero. A
heavy northwest wind is blowing and the
fine sifting snow of a real blizzard is drift
ing everywhere. Kail roads are exrjecting
trouble to-morrow and streetcar service
here and in several other towns has been
almost stopped.
OMAHA,. Nebr., Jan. 23.— Nebraska is
in the track of the blizzard. The wind is
blowing a gaie and intermittent snow
tiurries have been the order of the day.
In Omaha the thermometer registers 1&
degrees below zero to-night and the heavy
blow is increasing in velocity.
Reports from the railroads report that
■what is true of Omaha prevails all over
the State. The counties to the northwest
report the worst snowstorm of the winter
and 15 decrees below zero. Stock will
suffer greatly. Trains on the St. Paul and
Omaha road going north are delayed by
the wind.
Dispatches from point:? in South D:\kota
give details of a severe storm in progress
over the entire central portion of the
Stale. All the trains on the division of
the Northwestern running through Huron
are tied up, ana nothing can be done
toward opening the road till the weather
clears.
The depot at Arlington, S. D., was
blown out of shape and many snow fences
have been blown into cuts wnich are
choked with snow.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 23.— A bliz
lard of unusual severity is raging over
Kansas to-night. Th° snow falling in the j
western section of the State is drifting j
bad'y, caused by the high wind. There is
much suffering among stock. Indications
point to a blockade of the railroads before
morning.
At £alma there vra- a fall in the tem
perature of 50 degrees in three hours, and
the mercury was stili failing. The snow,
driven by a strong west wind, is filling up
the railroad cuts badly. It is feared that
intense suffering and death will be the
result among families in the north and
west, where they have poor homes and
little fuel.
Wichita reports a severe blizzard raging
there.
ST. PAUL, Minx., Jan. 23— The weather
is excessively cold throughout Minnesota
and North and South Dakota. The ther
mometer is 12 below zero to-night at St.
Paul, with pro.'pects of a further drop of
10 or 12 degrees before morning. Trains
are moving irreeularly.
Aberdeen, B. D.. reports that the Hast
ings and Dakota division < I the Milwau
kee road and the Great Northern branch
from Breckinridge have been practically
snowbound since January 13.
a^xibjy fuh aHippiya.
The City of Duluth Han a Jioitjli Jitne
on Jjtlie Michirjnn.
BF.NTON HARBOR, Mich., Jan. 23.—
There is great anxiety felt for the safety
of the steamer City of Duluth, which is
eight hours over-due, i'lie steamer left
Milwaukee at 1 o'clock this morning with
a large cargo of flour, and should have ar
rived here at 11 o'clock this forenoon. It
is believed s:e is somewhere on the lake,
possibly disabled. A blinking snowstorm
has prevailed nil day, with a heavy sea
running along th;s shore.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan 23 —The steamer
City ot Duluth, which left Milwaukee at
10:30 this morning, heavily laden with
merchandise for Benton Harbor, came
into the harbor here about 9 o'clock to
night. The boat was sighted shortly be
fore 8 o'clock, when the storm, which has
been racing for twenty- four hours, was at
its height, by the keeper of the four-mile
crib, who t nought he distinguished dis
tress signals from the crew. Tlie city tire
alarm department was notified, and a tug
was sent out to render assistance. The
vessel, however, made its own way in.
Captain McClaln of the Duluth said
that the voyage between Milwaukee and
Chicago had ben extremely sioiniy.
Every effort to reach Benton Harbor with
the cargo was made, but tne storm was
too severe and the boat went before the
wind. Finally they put about toward
Chicago and sighted the city lights about
7:30 o'clock. The boat was uninjured by
its struggle with the waves.
At ihe time the City of Duluth drew
into the harbor a heavy gale was lashing
the lake and the snow was blinding. Less
than an hour before the vessel was sighted
the Goodrich liner lowa, laden with mer
chandise and carrying a number of pas
sengers, left here for Benton Harbor.
Since the arrival here of the Duluth some
anxiety is manifested as to the ability of
the lo.va to master the gale.
Another boat is inside the harbor. She
put in to escape the storm. The crew is
on board, but the name of the vessel is
not known.
Won in thr J'trat Hound.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 23.-Joe
Butler, the heavy- weight of this city, to
night bested rienry Baker of Chicago in the
first round of what was to have been a
six-round contest before the Nonpareil
Athletic Club. The men were evenly
matched in weieht, but Butler had the
advantage in reach.
ROSS E. BROWNE'S LUCK.
Wins a Suit in the Transvaal Involving
Uining Property Valued at
$3,000,000.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 23. —R. E.
Browne, a noted American mining en
gineer of Pretoria, South Africa, who is
on his way from San Francisco to London,
learned for the first time through a press
dispatch from Pretoria tliatthe high court
had decided in his favor a suit which he
brought against the Government for a
declaration of rights in his favor respect
ine certain ciaims at Witfontain, or in de
fault demanding the payment of £1,000,
--000 or over $5,000,000.
Tho dispatch further stated that the
district of Witfontain was to be open for
gold mining on a certain date, wereupon
Mr. Browne staKed out large blocks of
claims, but in the meantime the Govern
ment withdrew the proclamation and aft
erward proclaimed Witfontain closed.
This is the explanation of one of the
most remarkable mining enterprises on a
gigantic scale ever consummated in
modern times, and it even eclipses the
famous operations of the notorious Barney
Barnato in that it has been successfully
carried out under the sanction of the law,
the decision of the highest court in the
Transvaal proclaiming to the world its
legitimacy.
Mr. Brown has been in this country
several weeks, making examination of
properties in California and Colorado, and
has not had an opportunity to communi
cate with his branch offices to confirm the
report. He has been in South Africa four
years and for twelve years was engaged in
(he C<our d'Alene region when the dis
covery of silver and lead was made in the
famous camp. Ha made an examination of
Cripple Creek five months ago and con
siders it a great camp. Mr. Brown firmly
believes that the West is destined to enjoy
a great future in regard to mining.
BANQUET OF FORTY-NINERS.
Story-Telling and Feasting of Pacific Coast
Pioneers at Chicago— Last Year's
Officers Re- Elected.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 23.-Old men
with gray hair, who crossed the plains to
the Pacific €oast in the days of the gold
fever in 1849, gathered at the Tremont
House this morning to celebrate with
story-telling and feasting the discovery of
gold in Caliiornia.
The day is known among the Pioneers
as Discovery day. The parlors of the Tre
mont House were utilized as a gathering
piace, and at noon a number of the Pio
neers were in attendance.
As toon as one of the members of tfte
association would come into the parlors
he was met by President Addison Bal
lard, and a large yellow badge with the
California bear and the number "49*
conspicuously displayed thereon was
pinned to his coat.
Many of the members were attended by
their wives, while many younger persons
looked on ar.d heard the talk of hardships
and adventure.
The menu of the dinner Berved was an
I elaborate one, but with no tracs of the
j "grub" which was graphically described
by one of the story-tellers as the fare of
the pioneers in the old days.
Last years' officers were re-elected as
follow s:President, Artdison Ballard; sec
retary, George W. Hotchkiss; vice-presi
dents, Camden Knight and George G.
Custer.
FALL OF A TRAIN FROM A TRESTLE.
The Engineer, Fireman end Mail Agent
Killed and Seven Ohers Injured
by ihe Disaster.
BUTLER. Pa., Jan. 23.— This afternoon
one of the most serious accidents in the
hist .ry of toe Pittsburg and Western
Railroad occurred at Paint Creek bridge,
one mile from Shippeti«ville station.
Passenger train No. 7, irom Kane, left
the track when crossing a trestle and ihe
entire train went down a distance of
fifty feet into the river. Three persons
were killed instantly and only one per
son, it is said, escnped injury. Tiie train
consisted of a baggage-car and two pas
senger coaches.
About thirty passengers were on board
when the frightful plunge was made.
The dead are: Daniel Moriarity, engi
neer; Ira Beatty, fireman; William
Copeiey, mail agent.
The injured: Thomas Rainey; Con
ductor Thomas Tanks; Brakeman Wise,
may vie; J. T. Keliey, Cleveland; Will
iam Carruthers; Johnson, Pittsburg;
J. M. Painter.
A special train bearing the remains of
the dead trainmen arrived here at 9:30
o'clock to-night. The accident was caused
by the brakes refusing to work.
so ii a ins cable xmt.
TAtt Congre** Hill Aot Pas* the Bill.
Pacific Convt J'eniionit.
WASHINGTON, D. IX, Jan. 23.— A re
port that, the House Commerce Committee
will report a bill awarding the Hawaiian
cable contract to the lowest bidder was
printed yesterday, but is hardly worth con
sidering for three reasons: First, the
Bennett bill authorizing the New York
company to lay the cable has already been
reported, and is now on the House calen
dar; second, tne Spakiing, or New Jersey
company, claims that Colonel Spalding
has an exclusive concession for the cabl
landine on the Hawaiian Islands; third,
Speaker Reed and other members of the
Rules Committee positively refuse to set a
time for the consideration of any bill
grunting a subsidy for a cable. Their op
position i 3 based uj.on the state of Na
tional linances.
Representative Bennett of New York
sail lo The Call correspondent to-day :
"No further action will be taken by the
Commerce Committee. We have already
reported the r>iew York bill, ami it is now
on* the calendar, but neitl.er ttr.s bill nor
any other cable Dill will be re ognized Dy
the Speaker. As lar as the contention of
Colonel Spalding is concerned, he may
have an exclusive franchise, but it expires
in May next, unless he shall by that time
get a contract and subsidy from the United
States.
"The New York company denies that
Colonel Simlding has an exclusive fran
chise. They claim i at the United S:ates
has '.ho right to land a cable, at Pearl har
bor, where it has a coaling station. There
will be no cable bill passed by this Con
gress."
Pensions: California— Original — Hor
ace Behl, Los Anpeles; Barney Washing
ton, Los AiiL-eles; Joseph Lncier, San
Fran:isco; Herman Levy, San Francisco.
Washington: Increase — Benjamin J.
N icicles, Central. a.
Hot Worthy of Improvement.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23— The
chief of engineers to-day sent to Congress
a renort of Captain C. E. Gillette, slating
that in his opinion Petaluma Creek,
California, from the railroad bridge to
Donahue's Landing, is not worthy of im
provement. This opinion is concurred in
by Colonel Suter, division chief of
engineers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
SENATOR ALLEN
WANTS TO KNOW
Inquires What Foreclosure
Arrangements Have
Been Made.
Calls on Mr. Olney to Furnish
the Senate With Certain
Documents.
Bill Passed to. Reclassify Railroad
Postal Clerks and to R-gulate
Their Salaries.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.— There
was a small attendance of Senators when
the proceedings of the day began.
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska offered a reso
lution, which was agreed to without ob
jection, calling on the Attorney-General
to inform tlie Senate whether he had
entered into an agreement or stipulation
with the reorganization committee of the
Union Pacific Railroad respecting the
foreclosure of the Government lien thereon
and the amount to be bid in the event of
the foreclosure of the lien ; also to send to
the Senate the full text of the agreement
or stipulation, together with the names of
the parties thereto and of the persons
comprising the reorganization committee,
as well as the written authority he may
have for beginning such foreclosure pro
ceedings or entering into any such agree
ment or stipulation.
Morgan (D. ) of Alabama offered a reso
lution requesting the President to furnish
copies of all correspondence and official
communications relating to the Nicara
guan canal with the Government qf Nic
aragua since 1887. The resolution was
agreed to.
The consideration of unobjected bills
on the calendar was then begun and the
following were passed, the Nicaraguan
canal bill being laid aside formally for the
cay:
Appropriating $15,000 for the heirs of the
three Italians killed by mob violence in
Walsenberg, Colo., March. 1895.
To refund to Ames <fc Detrickof San Fran
cisco drawbacks on graiu baga exported in
1882.
To transfer Lieutenant Jerome E. E. Morseof
the United States army to the 75 per cent pay
of retired officers.
To reclassify railroad postal clerks and reg
ulate their salaries. The bill divides ?hese
clerks into ten classes. Class 1 is to be paid
$800; class 'Z, $900; class 3. $1000; clusb 4,
11OO; cliiss 5, $T2OO; class 6, $1300; claw 7,
$1400; class 8, $1500; class 9, $1(500; class 10,
$1800.
Appropriating $'23,000 to the owners of the
Hawaiian bark Arctic.
For the examination and classification of
certain lands in Oregon.*
To pay the heirs of the late John Roach
$3 30,511 for labor aud material, dockage and
detection and occupation of yards ana pliops
for the gunboats Chicago, Boston and Atlanta.
Authorizing increased compensation ior
gunboats to the Atlantic works, Boston.
Graining a pension of $75 a mouth to the
widow of General John Newton.
Increasing the pension of the widow of Gen
eral W. \V. Brunes to #50 a moatD.
[In inveighing against tho difference in
amount of pensions in these two bills,
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska said that there
appeared to be something in the atraos-
Dhere that encouraged such invidious dis
tinctions, and that he sometimes thought
that the man in the moon as he crossed
the capital should bold his nose to keep
out the stench.]
Granting a pension of #20 a month to the
widow of Bishop Perkias, cuptain of the Hx
teenth Inlantry (formerly United Stales Sen
ator from Kansns).
All the pension bills on the calendar
being disposed of (104 in ninety-five min
utes), the following were passed :
House bill authorizing the construction of a
railroad bridge across the Rio Graude River,
at El Paso, Tex.
House bill extending the time for the com
pletion of the bridge across the East River,
between New York and Long Island, to Jan
uary 1, 1900.
House bill to prohibit the sale of intoxi
cating <irinks to Indians.
Senate bill appropriating #30,000 for the
estab ishmL'iit of a quarantine ttatiou at
Astoria, Or.
The Senate at 4:50 o'clock adjourned
until Monday.
GAGE WOULD NOT DECLINE.
// the Treasury Portfolio Is Offered Him
by McKiniey He Would Accept
the Honor.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 23.— 1n view of
Major McKinley's consideration of Lyman
J. Gage for the portfolio of the treasury
and the statements published regarding
the banker in this connection Mr. Gage
Raid to-night to the United Associated
Presses:
"I have not been tendered the appoint
ment to tnat position, but should it be
tendered tome I should not feel at liberty
to decline it If Mr. McKiniey is consid
ering my name in connection with the
treasury portfolio, but shall finally deter
mine upon some other man, I shall feel
no tense of disappointment or chagrin,
but shall congratulate myself that per
sonal sacrifice in many directions is not
required of me.
"1 am a Democrat in the sense that 1
believe in the government by the peoDle
and lor the people. I do not believe in
paternalism in government. As to parties
I have never voted any other than a Re
publican ticket, except once, and that was
in 1884, when I voted for Grover Cleve
land. I voted for Harrison in 1892, and of
course for McKiniey in 189<).
"The platform of the lust Republican
National Convention embodies my poli
tical beliefs as reeards the issues then and
now of the country. As revenue cannot
be raised by direct taxation, we are
obliged, therefore to resort to indirect
taxation, as indirect taxation is lees bur
densome or more v radical than the im
position of duties on foreign imports.
This taxation should be so ordereJ, how
ever, as not to foster monopolies, breed
trusts or favor the few at the expense of
the many. I do not know how I can ex
press my ideas more clearly than by s iy
ing that I believe in the raising of reve
nues by customs dues, so levied as to
promote the general welfare, so equalizing
the difference between American and for
eign labor."
The directors of the First National Bank
at an informal conference decided to leave
President Gage free to decide if he should
be tendered the appointment.
Wood la J'roritted For.
LOUISVILLE, Xy M Jan, 23.— A dis
patch from Frankfort says that A. T.
Wood, once Republican candidate lot
Governor, will probaHv be appointed
United States Senator M ireh 5, and that
when the extra spusion meets later on and
elects Hon. John Y. Yerkes or some other
man on the full term, Mr. \Vood will get
a fat position in the consular service.
MO3IORH FOH ALTQELD.
.Friend* of the Ex- Governor JPreient
Coitl't Jtttimonial*.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 23.— Twelve hun
dred friends of ex-Governor John P. Alt
geld came through the snowstorm to the
Tremont House to-nicht to show their es
teem. The reception tendered the Demo
cratic State leader took an interesting
form. Altgeld was the recipient of three
costly testimonials during the day and
night. In the afternoon the German soci
eties as a community were represented at
the house of the Governor, where they
presented mm with an address, a mahog
any desk and chair, a silver inkstand and
a gold pen and holder.
Attho evening session Carter H. Harri
son, president of me Bryan League, who
presided in the banquet-hall, presented to
Mr. Altgeld on benalf of his friends an
antique oak chest containing 200 pieces of
table silver. A silver tea and coffee ser
vice of five pieces was also presented, the
tota! value of the eifts being $1500.
The German Democracy of the city at
the same time presented a testimonial in
scribed on parchment and inclosed in a
morocco ca3e. Many Populists were
present, the Silver party and Legislature
also being well represented.
In making his response, Mr. Altgeld
expressed his appreciation of the honor
paid him by the Democratic members of
the General Assembly in voting for him
for Senator when the party owed him
nothing;. He denounced Mark Hanna as
the "debaucher of a continent" in the
last election. He ■■aid the election vote
showed "that the plutocratic forces of the
country have demonstrated their ability
to unite with and to control the very ig
norant and the very toor vote of the coun
try, and in that way to override and to
defeat the will of the more intelligent and
patriotic element in American politics."
BANKERS APPROVE OF GAGE.
Has All the Essential Qualities to Make
a Brilliant Secretary of the
Treasury.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 23.— The an
nouncement that Lyman J. Gage, presi
dent of the First Nationa' Bank of-Chi
cago, is being considered by President
elect McKinley for the Treasury portioho
seems to have met with much approval
among bankers. E. H. Pullen, vice-presi
dent of the Bank of the Republic, said
yesterday that no better choice could be
made. "Mr. Gaze," said Mr. Pullen, "has
the reputation of b ing one of the leading
financiers of the United States. The bank
over which he preside* has deposits of
over 130,000,000, which makes it one of the
heaviest institutions in the country. Mr.
i Ga^e bus all the essential qualities to
■ make a brilliant Secretary of the Treasury.
) Ke has been emi!ie:itiy successful; he has
! had vast exper.ence in monetary affairs;
I he is at all times cool, collected, reticent,
and, witha), courteous."
Thomas L. James, president of the Lin
coln National BanK, said : "The appoint
ment of Lyman J. Gage of Chicago to be
Secretary of the Treasury wouid be an
| ideal one — as good as could be made. It
j would be on a par with the selection of
j such men as Henry W. Cannon or A. B.
j Hepburn of this city.
Local Cabinet talk yesterday still
mainly concerned General Horace W.
Porter, and there was a revival of taik
about General Tracy for Secretary of the
Navy, with the additional statement that
he is really the man Thomas C. Platt
wants to Vee in the Cabinet.
Cornelius N. bliss has gone SouMi and
it is not known whether he will visit
Presidentelect McKinlev before his re
turn. It was part of ihe go sip about
Cobinet possibilities last ni^h' that if
General Tracy does not l-o into *he Cabi
net be will be the candidate of the major
ity of the Republicans for Mayor of
CireHtf r New York.
Despite the hard work which is being
done for General Porter tnere is a crow
ing impression in some quarters that
General Stewart L. Woodford will repre
sent New York in tne next Cabinet. Ot
the three names presented to Major Mc-
Kinley in Canton by Edward L.iuterbach
he seems to be the most acceptable.
J. Sloai Fassett and Serene- E. Payne
have no expectation of getting the ap
pointment.
Persian history claims that the Persians
are descended from Perseus or Andro
meda.
THE DOCTOR'S
EXAMINATION!
You have had bilious attacks all your
.ife?
Yes, doctor.
You say your temperament is naturally
bilious? ,
Yes, doctor.
Some foods bring on bilious attacks.
Yes, doctor.
After eating heartily you suffer from a
bilious attack?
Yes. doctor.
"ion wake with a bad taste in your
tnouth?
Yes, doctor.
Do you have dull, heavy headaches?
Yes, doctor.
Some people need a liver stimulant all
the time. As soon as they overeat or en-
gorge the stomach they suffer from bilious-
| ness. My advice to you is to be careful to
| choose your food. Just now you need a
| mild liver stimulant, a vegetable remedy.
Never take iodide of potassium. What I
will prescribe for you will give you relief,
and you can always be sure to renew the
i prescription when your iiver boccmss lor-
j pid. You will find directions on the bot-
tle. Here is your prescription:
: R. :
: JOY'S VEGETABLE :
: SARSAPARILLA \
: M. s'g. (one bottle) :
: Two teaspoonfuls three (3) times '.
; • day. When bowels are regular :
: take one teaspoon! ul.
No druggist owns stock in Joy's Vege-
table Sureaparilla. Any druggist claim-
ing to pay its advertising bills is a fraud.
Don't let the drug cierk talk you into
buying something else for Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. He laughs at you when you
leave the corner store with a substitute.
Watch him.
CUBANS CAPTURE
ANOTHER GUNBOAT
They Fire Upon the Cometa
and Then Boldly Go
Aboard.
After Capturing the Crew the
Insurgents Destroy the
Vessel.
Some Prisoners Liberated at Havana
B cause It Is Young Alfonso's
Birthday.
KEY WEST, Fla., Jan. 23.— Havana
advices received in Key Weit are to the
effect that the Spanish gunboat Cometa
has been captured and burned by the in
surgents.
The Cometa was one of the most power
ful of the smaller Spanish vessels in
Cuban waters and had been cruisine near
Cardenas to prevent the landing of filibus
tering expeditions. For some time she
had been accustomed to cruise at night off
Sierra Morra, a favorable place for an
attack off shore, and the insurgents de
termined to capture her.
Last Tuesday night they opened fire on
the vessel with a 12-pound Hotchkiss gun.
The vessel was struck several times and
badly damaged. While the crew were in
confusion boats loaded with insurgents
left the shore and the Cometa was
boarded. A desperate hand-to-hand fight
took place on the deck of the gnnboat,
the Cubans using the machete with
deadly effect. Finally after the Spanish
commander ana half his men had been
killed the survivors surrendered. The
vessel was then burned.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 23 —This being
the name day of King Alfonso, it was cel
ebrated here in the usual manner by ser
vices in the cathedral in honor of the
King's patron saint and by social func
tions. In accordance wth the custom
which obtains on this day, a number of
prisoners were given their liberty. It was
thought that a number of the Americans
now confined in Cuban prisons would oe
released in honor of the day, but this ex
pectation was disappointed. There were
only thirteen men set free in this city,
and they were only given their liberty
provisionally.
Three of them had been confined in the
State Prison, eight in Morro Cast c and two
in the Cabanas Fortress. They were
charged with vaiious offenses and all of
them are comparatively unknown.
Ssveral wounded rebeis belonging to the
band led by Urras, who were hidden in a
hou-e on the outskirts of Havana, were
arrested last night. All of them were
brought here and placed in a military
hospital.
Captain-General Weyler is at Union de
Reyes, province of Matanzas. The Mar
quis of Ahuruada, General Weyler's se
cundo cabo, or second in command, Mar
quis de Palermola, Secretary of the Gov
ernment, and the Civil Governor, left for
that plate on an express train this morn
ing. They will meet and hold a conference
with the captain-general.
PIRACY OP THE THUBE TRIEXIiS.
Harmon in a Hurry to Oet the Case to
the Supreme Court.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. 23.— 1n
the ca?e of the United States versus the
steamer Three Friends, libeled for for
feiture in the December trip, an order was
made by Judge Locke of the United
States Circuit Court this morning, sus
taining the exceptions of the respondents
on the grounds as set forth in the order
on the libel for tlie trip of last May and
the libelant was granted permission to
amend the libel, and if the amendment is
not filed within two days the libel is to
stand dismissed. <Vk
This order of the conrt is considered an
other victory for the owners of the Three
Friends, but it is probable that the Gov
ernment will appeal.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.— 1f the
published stories regarding the Cuban
ri ibustering tut* Three Friends on her
last voyage of firing at a Spanish vessel
are true, the Attorney-General of the
United States declares tbßt the vessel is
amenable to the laws of piracy, and her
officers and crew are liable to be punished
as pirates.
Attorney-General Harmon, it is officially
stated, is considering the advisability of
instituting proceedings against the Three
Friends on that charge, and in order to
expedite the case ho has prepared an ap
plication to the Unied States Supreme
Court for a writ of ccrtiorari on the United
States Circuit Court at New Orleans for
the transfer of the ca^e to the Supreme
Court, so that the latter tribunal may
pass on the decision given at Jackson
ville, Fin., by Judge Locke, who held that
the Government in its bill of libel against
the Three Friends did not show that she
had violated any iaw. He gave the
Government ten days to amend its bill,
and declared that unless this were done
he would dismiss the application.
AMERICAN MUNIFICENCE.
Royal Contributions to the Ind an Famine
Fund Eclipsed by Those of Astor
and Morgan & Co.
LONDON. Exg , Jan. 23.— Contributions
to the Indian famine relief fund at the
Mansion Home by Lord Mayor Faudal-
Pbiliips are being steadily received, but
thus far they have not come up to popular
expectations. The subscriptions, of the
Queen, who sent £500, and of the Prince
and Princess of Wales, who together con
tributed £250, have been overshadowed by
the donatiuns of William Waldorf Astor
and Messrs. Morgan & Co., the former
subscribing iuOOO and the latter £1000.
Much comment nas been made because
of the smallness of the subscription of the
Queen, who is Empress of India, but as
her Majesty has never been noted for free
banded generosity her donation of £500
should cause no comment, but should be
received in the spirit of small fayors
thankfully received.
The Prince ot Wales, as is well known,
is never burdened witli any great excess
of cash, and bis gift, small as it is, is,
therefore, all the more appreciated. Tlie
fund is now getting on to the £100,000
mark, but compared with the last fund
for a similar purpose, which amounted to
abou £500,000, it is as yet comparatively
ins^nificant.
'Ih'.s is no doubt due to the stupid ac ion
of the Government, whiot), when the fund
was first proposed, threw cold water upon
it % only to later have to acknowledge that
such a fund would be necessary to keep
thousands of the poverty-stricken natives
of India from starvation.
The optimistic views expressed a short
time ago by the Indian Government, in
tne face of the appalling conditions con
fronting it, are difficult to understand,
but everybody has now awakened to the
extent of the dire calamity that has be
fallen India, and without doubt the
purses of the ricn people of England will
soon be opened to pour a stream of gold
to succor their fellow-subjects who are
now in such terrible distress.
PBESEXIS *ok the queen.
The Xeu> Chinese JUitinler to England
to Arrive in June.
LONDON, Ekg.. Jan. 23 —The new Chi
nese Minister to Eng.'and. Lo Fong Lo,
is timed to arrive in London early in
June. He brings some magnificent pres
ents to the Queen, nt wUose diamond
jubilee fetes he is to figure. The foreign
office, which has never got on well with
the present Chinese Minister, expects to
find in Lo Fend Lo a better medium of
Communication witn Pekin. Lo Fend Lo
is credited witn a strong preference for
English built warships, and is said to
have almost carte blanche in the disposal
of Chinese money for English building
yards.
Wu, the new Minister to Washington,
was born at Singapore, studied law in
London for -one years and was called to
the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1877. Enter
ing Chinese official life at lien Tsin as
legal adviser to Li Hung Chanjr he
rapklly rose, obtained a post at Pekin in
connection with the Tsung-Li-Yamen,
ana now enters the diplomatic service.
The Wash ngton officials will find in
Wu, according to nis reputation while in
London, a man of suave manners, con
cealing much tact and sound common
sense.
Private advices from Tien Tsin state
that Sheng, tne new Taotai of Tien Tsin
anil airector of telegraphs and railways,
is favoring with his support the American
syndicate with wh;ch Huntington is con
nected.
Cro**r* the Atlantic H'itfi One Screw.
SOUTHAMPTON. Eng., Jan 23.— The
steamer Paris has arrived here. The time
of the Paris' trip was a boot three days
slower than usual, owing to the fact that
she made the trip with but one screw, one
of the propellers having become disabled
on her last trip to N-w York. She will
have her annual overhauling while on this
side. Desp te bad weather and the use i f
but one screw the vessel averaged 13}^
knots per hour.
lrory to lifturtlm
LONDON. England, Jan. 23.— John F.
Mclntyre. ex-Assistant District Attorney
of New York, who came here to assist in
the defense of Edward J. Ivory, the al
leged dynamiter, sailed for New York to
day in company with Ivory. who was dis
charged, from custody on Wednesday last,
the case against nim having collapsed.
Cap'ain <l*tillot'» Sernv Sentence.
PAKIS, France, Jan. 23.— The correc
tional tribunul, sittirJK in Camera, has
NEW TO-DAT.
Cures
Create
Confidence
m w* / CHARLES SCHILL >
/li •^"CT* if \%(/// Resldln 8 at 262 Eighth St.
mihJ^ZM^j^^^ s ' F " Relates the story
l^^MWf^^l^^mjff/J/^m^, San Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 14. 1897.
'Wffl//m fc= - r2i? 'I //If I If Chanes Schill. aged 30, residing at 262
Vi'/ffth^ bnf/IHII ' * Eighth street, desire and am
I/OWM/IF THANKFUL
MRS. JOSIE NIEHIiSfIiV To testify* theb«eflt and cure that lhaw
ITUUJ* eHmiLi JUillljOV.l, experienced by treatment at the STATE
Residing at 1019 Guerrero St., electro-medical, INSTITUTE, corner of
rtesiaing at iuiw uuerrero ox., Powts n, Mft rtet aud Eddy streets.
S. F., Relieved and Cured For four years I have been ailin* with ncr-
After Other Doctors vous debility and heart and stomach trouble.
!_, _, paii^-H which greatly hindered me in my work as a
riau railed. teamster, the business I have pursued for the
I.Mrs. JosieNiehlson, residing now at 1019 past seven years in San Francisco. I suffered
Guerrero street, San Francisco, desire to testify wlth P ain and oppression of the chest and
10 the excellent results that I - ; ? -\r,\ stomach, shortness of breath, flatulent dyspep-
sia and palpitation of the heart, and after ex-
ADT A I »VI Cn ertion would feel weak and nervous. On
\J*+ ■ **l««&l^ January 4, 1897, I applied
Under 'treatment at the STATE ELECTRO- -_ ,_.
MEDICAL INSTITUTE, corner Market, Powell . FOR
and Eddy streets. ..■ ■ »
Sinca last Christmas I have been quite an Treatment at the Institute, where DR. iv v '
invali.l from trouble In my chest, with cough, VANCE made a careful physical examination,
difficulty in breathing and general nerve VAN CL made a careful physical examination,
debility. On "Monday, November 30.1896,1 found that my heart and stomach were both-
applied for advice at the Institute. I had disordered. I was placed under treatment and
been treated by three well-known medical at once began to improve rapidly and feel Ilka
men of this City without any »»uhwbujm
RELIEF A
DR.W.K. VANCE, at the STATE ELECTRO- New man. The doctor applied electriritv and
DR. W. K. VANCE, nt t!ie STATE ELECTRO- prescribed certain electric flnid«fJ,, ,
MEDICAL INSTITUTE, made a careful ex- T>rescriDea certain *„ " tIC fluids , for internal
aminatlon of my case and pronounced it one use> also ma & netlC oil for external application,
of iirpnchial Asthma. He placed me under a These remedies combined have had a magical
; course of electrical treatment, with medicines effect, and now, on January 14, lean truthfully
combined, and I , say that my health is fully restored. I am
AT ONCE VERY THANKFUL FOR SUCH A RAPID
Began to pick up, and am now wonderfully C U R E
Improved in health and spirits. As this is the
first and only relief that I have obtained from Which enables me to pursue my daily work
my distressing complaint I desire to give the without experiencine any exhaustion or *ear-
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE a££ Im^. ad<i that I derive decided bene-
public lestimoniHi. I will gladiy and willingly ' ne . S8 -' I may , add that J derive decided bene-
reply to any questions, eitner i ersoually or by i nt lrom wearing an Electrical waist appliance
letter, that may be addressed to me here " j prescribed by Dr. Vance.
(Sinned) MRS. JOSIE NIEHLSON. 1 (Signed) CHARLES SCHILL. ]
This marvelous electro-medical treatment Is creating a tremendous
sensation among the peoole of this coast' because of the remarkable
cures It Is dally effecting, and for this same reason It Is stirring the
medical world as no discovery of recent year's has stirred It. There has
not b9en a single failure to cure In any case where the treatment has
been given. ; ."■;-. . ; .
Xnilf EXAMINATIONS. If you are sick or ailing, If 'you want to
"Kill know what is the matter with you, and If you want
■ 111I II I to b^ cured you shou d resort without delay to the ATE
kfr% "■■ ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE. The Institute TREATS
AND CURES Diseases of the Heart, Brain and Nerves, Blood Diseases
Rheumatism, Cancers and Tumors, Catarrh, Kidney Diseases, Throat
Diseases, Stomach Diseases, Diseases of the Liver. Bowal Diseases, Eye
Diseases, Ear Diseases and all Diseases of Men and Women.
w Jt-tl'X'Jbi If you cannot call at the Institute. Describe your
troubles b/ letter and the doctors will advise you what to do. Strictest
confidence observed.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
LOCATED AT THE CORNER OF
Market, Powell and Eddy Sts , Entrance 3 Eddy St.,
SAN FRANCISCO, C?A-Ij..
sentenced ex-Captain Guillot to five yean
imprisonment and ten years' deprivation
of his civil rights for espionage and >el|.
ing to a foreign country documents per
taining to the national defense. In addi
tion io me above punisnraent, the tribunal,
decreed that alter serving his term of lm-A
prisonment Guillot should be exiled frongf
the country for ten years.
Driven Ashore and. recked.
ST. JOHNS. N. F., Jan. 23 —The brig
an tine Little Minnie, Captain Juaga, from
Trempani for St. Johns with salt, was
driven ashore at Ranews Island, forty
miles soi^th of here, by incoming ice,
last night and became a total wreck.
The crew escaped by scrambling over the
broken ice on their hands ami knees. The
captain remained aboard the ship. Shortly
alter the crew left a heavy >ea broke over
the vessel, throwing her on her beam
ends, and the captain was seen no more.
■— The PretiUtnt Dodge* Queen HI.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.— Ex-
Qne^n Liliuokalani of Hawaii arrived in
Washington from 80-ton this afternoon,
and is located at the Shoreham. If the
ex-Queen haa any intention of Calling on
President Cleveland to pay her respects
that purpose had been frustrated by the
President's departure last night on a
ducking expedition.
Xicaragwn Canal Hill Killed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23.— The
Nicaragua canal scheme is knocked out.
Its defeat is now certain, in the opinion
of both Senators White and Perkins, who
were interviewed by Thk Call correspond
ent to-night. Tiie letter of Mr. Olney
transmitting the statement of Rodriguez
that the Maritime Canal Company has
forfeited all of its rights in the Central
American Republics will kill the bill.
Cleveland* Duck Bunt Over.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 23 —
President Cleveland returned to Wash
ington at 10 o'clock to-night from his
ducking near Quantico. His carriage was
in waiting at Stevens wharf, and upon
the- arrival of the Maple, the President
*as immediately driven to the White
House.
g Fntnl Wreck of a Patmenger Train.
KNOXVILLE, Texn., Jan. 23— A pas
senger train from Cincinnati on tba
Queen and Crescent road was wrecked at
tue tunnel mouth this morninc. Fire
man Clarke was killed and Engineer
John Fowler badly hurt. No passengers
were injured.
Otntiral John It. Mtertnto-i 7>*ad.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Jan. 23. — General
John D Stevenson died here last night.
Ganeral Stevenson was born in Staunton,
Va.. in 1821 and served with distinction
in the Mexican and Civil Wars. He leuvea
a widow and two sons.
Coal fires in bedrooms and sitting-rooms
are much healthier than any kind of pa
tent stove.MAN AND WIFE
BROTHER AND SISTER
Shocking Discovery Made
by an Aged Couple in
Kansas.
Revelations Made at the Thirty-
Ninth Anniversary of Their
Wedding.
Parted in Youth and Adopted b? Dif
ferent Fimilies They Met £S
Stangers and Married.
WICHITA. Kan?., Jan. 23.— Like a clap
of thunder from a clear sky came the
tnowledee to Peter Wilson, an old and
respected citizen of Sumner County, re
centiy that his wife, who na? been a help
meet to him iur nearly forty years and
borne him a family uf nine children, is
his own sister. Both Mr. and Mrs. "Wil
son were in utter ignorance of this aston
ishing fact until their thirty-ninth wed
di:,t anniversary tne other cay, un which
occasion a reunion of all the members of
tne family was held at the old homestead
near the little v:iiage of Mulvane.
It seems that Mr. and Mrs. Wilson were
the orphaned chUdren of Alexander Tay
lor of Richmond, Ind. Their parents died
when they were at a very tender age and
they were adopted into different families,
their names, of course, were cnanged and
:wo sets of foster-parents moved to
different States. The children forgot each
ottier and both imagined that tiaeir foster
parents were their real parents. The boy
took the name of Wilson and the girl was
known a? Rachel Asbton.
At the age of 18 Wilson went to Sioux
City, lowa, and obtained employment a?
a carpenter. The girl was sent to me
same city to be educated. They met, fell
in love and were married there i:.
The fo-ter-parents of both parties to the
nuptial contract did not know that tte
young peoi le were brother and sinter, and
their years of married life the
busts never came to light ant 1 the
v reunion.
Wiison and his wife came to Kansas in
tne early days and became fairly' prosper
ov.-. There was but one drawback to their
happiness and that was that live of the
Iren that resulted from the
union were ctir3ed with sjme physical im
. One had a ciuofoot, one wa
ed and three v ere mii'.es.
ntiui day of the reunion arrived,
the Wilson chiidren, several of whom
married ani Lad families oj their
own. gat: cred from far ana near. Xot
only were ihc children and grandchildren
'c V\ ilsons there, Dut the respected
foster fathers of Mr. and Mrs. Wilson
came — one irom Missouri, the other from
lowa. They had forgotten the fact that
they once were neighbors back in Indiana,
after the iea=t they sat before the
fire smoking their pipes and eicbanging
reminiscences of earJy day*.
li was d >t long an til they iound that
they had once lived near Richmond, Ind.
Tnen for the first time they stumbled
onto the fact that each had adopted one
cf the Taylor orphans. Could it be pos
sible, they asked each other, that these
same chiMren liadme: in a distant State,
unaware of their relationship, and mar
ried? Dates and circumstances known to
Doth were compared, with the result of
establishing beyoad the possibility of a
doubt that susb was the case. The newly
discovered facts were communicate! :o
ihe host ani hostess, who were most un
willingly forced to the conclusion that
they were indeed true.
The Fhock of the unwelcome revelation
quite prostrated Mr. Wilson and his wife
an! medical aid had to be summoned.
The gathering that promised so much
happiness ended in gloom. They are not
legally married and will no longer live to
gether in the relation of man and wife.
They are amenable to the laws, but a< they
have done no intentional wrons it is alto
gether probable that no proceedings will
be brought against them.
SANTA MONICA VETERANS PROTEST
Oppose the Bill Depriving Soldiers' Home
Inmates of Their Votes in a
School District.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Jan. 23. -The ;
bill introduced in the State Legislature by
Assemblyman Cross of Los Angeles by
request, providing tbat '-no territory oc
cupied for ti<e purposes of a soldiers'
home within this State shall hereafter
form part of any school district," has
calied forth vehement protest from the
veterans residing in the National Soldiers'
ih rue adjacent to this place. A majority
of the members of the home are bitterly
opposed to the passage of the bill. They
consider the measure an opening wedge
to deprive them of their right of fran
chise. A meeting was heid at the home
of delegate- to the late Republican County j
Convention. O: twenty-seven delegates
nineteen were present, and all but two
signed a protest to be forwarded to As
semclyma-i Melick, urg;ng him to use all
c effort to defeat the bill.
The oid soldiers c aim that less than 100
of their members here voted at the San:a
Monica school election, and that it is not
f*;r to disfranchise the many for the error
of the few.
Tt.e Soldier-' Home vote exceeds that of
the outside territory by two to one in this
school distric:. Residents of Santa Monica
claim that they sail to see the equity in
non-taxpa;- ;in a position to dic
tate. Staie Adjatant-Gfnerai Barrett has
communicated with resident officials and
unites witn ihera in favor uf the bill.
»
SAM A OS .4 a ATIO X.
Rumor That a Ityinn Man Confessed to
a Healdtburg Hobbcrtj.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 23.— A report
was received here this evening in effect
that a dying man in San Francisco bad
confessed to the robbery of George V.
Mulligan, and the Healdsburg treasury in
October, 1893, and asking that the dying
declaration be officially considered. The
report coming just at the close of the
long drawn out suit against the late
testator's bondsmen, created great ex
citement and no end of cojnment in this
city and Healdsburg. It could not be
verified an>i is shrouded in mystery.
The question as to whether Mulligan
was robbed or not has occupied nearly
'.wo weeks of Judge Dougherty's time,
and compelled the attendance of hun
dreds of Healdsbure's citizens. lie tak
ing of testimony was concluded 'to-day,
and the case will be argued by six at
torneys during a time limit of ten hours
next Tuesday, when a jury will pass upon
the case.
— • — — • : —
Tfijt King OS PiUs is s— Beecham's.
THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. I THE K^°^^^^^^^^^_J THE EMPORIUM. : ' I THE EMPORIUM.
9 to 12 A.-.M. MGnday==Reeord=Breaking Three=Hour Sale==9 to 12
" . — i_ : . ; m . . . — .
We Shall Take the Biggest Loss Ever Made by any Store in the West in a Single
Day, and Charge it to Advertising. Get Here at 9 o'clock To-Morrow.
Concerts. M B^ I T -j-h- &4 <£ <&m^ Mail Orders.
Hereafter the Emporium Orchestra j| M m R "^ * ' || 1 | | H r$ i Do not send Mail Orders for the
will give but one concert weekly— \ \m. . B^w X " W\^Wl \ SLJi Three-Hour Sale goods. Mailorders
each Saturday at BP. DA. There m. m> ■ m. m. m^ m. m- -«.-«.-«. y or fo gtl / ar Clearing Sale goods
will be no Wednesday night concerts . *■ ct M roAvncrn loni , onr „ T Q^ filled on day received* if goods ba~ce
except when specially announced. ' SAN FRANCISCO, January 24, 1897. not been sold.
(SB*^*&(Sg»A**s*efe| THE L oWEST PRICES ever known are those we are quoting in OUR January Clearing Sale ; but for Three | <^^^ B^^^^^^^^
Silks Sacrificed. I Hours Monday Morning We Shall Undersell Ourselves. The fifty different lines selected for the sale— 9to a Muslin Underwear.
Five items of high-grade artistic 112 A. M., and no longer — are marked in every instance far below actual cost All new, staple merchandise ;no 9 The interest of OUR January
Silks, in the correct winter pat- 1 «j o b lots" or old styles. It will be a trade event that will make history. The items in the side columns are some I SnsiiiTin^ g J^ e fh^^i
tArnc ar\r\ rnlnrincr<; it tiillv one- 111 , . . iff iVIUbUUb increases as . me Sale
third leTs than thrcorrect prices B of the Special Clearing Sale Bargains for the coming week. \ progresses. The crowds of close,
If you have a single Silk need or 8 ■ ; . . 8 correct shoppers continue to center
expect to have one during the ' here All ample sizes all finely
.thsbuyNow.for These Goods at These Prices for Three Hours Only==9 to 12. n n^ d far al iowerrr!LftTft;
prices cannot be again so low as I " " : * 1 same Q ualities 9 uld cost you at
they are at present. J ; " ; ~ A same qualities would cost you at
20 -inch Monotone jacquard Figured Quadruple Tea Set Ladies' Union Suits 38c $10 Overcoats $5.45. Furniture— Half. ! an ot «c rs -» e A «« ,
Peau de in beautiful small designs, ft v £? ">A Ladies' Heavy Weight Ribbed Union >«9^ « M , n *c nre« a « - * New . Empire Gowns, of fine muslin,
instead of 5 c a yard the Special 59 | $3.24. Ss-Oneit/ styleAonn fitting-fin- <^ Kerco^iof^ex- MtUtM LriffftJ I crT 5 Son if "^ 89c
Price will be -»^ |i -, Quadruple plated, Gk*- i?hed seams -all TT^ cellent Kersey and S3 if //if/ MMM 9 o t ■'", on> at .; "
21-inch Monotone Figured TafrVa, «* /^/BigMMtjg richly embossed and UfOi sizes— our standard f T Melton Cloths-sub- nmli (B/ Ml 118 %. Other Styles not quite so elaborately
very rich and effective, all the new de- rig l^^ l^/ hand-engraved Tea Wt "-' 75 c suit. From 9to // JtSfk stantial farmer satin W^^U/ti U^flfJ v? trimmed, 48c and - 9 c.
signs, instead of 95c a yard the cc r M Set. Teapot, Sugar T-r 12 A. M. Monday \jJL^^mWT\ "linings —stylishly ' jW^wl ft\ CORSET COVERS, made of fine
Special Price will be UOL V' *"m Jr4^ : Bowl, Cream Jug, -^ISsmLk and no long- -3o r MKyBStWW^k cut— perfectly tail- 1 \AJTi iTmFI S9 muslin, felled seams, high neck, a/r
21-inch Fancy Figured Taffeta, all jjl -^»-»-^ Spoon Holder. Reg- AH er, suit JCH, BfS'SIl! MIMV ored-price has never hLSSI S } Euf tf ™ trimmed with embroidery ■"<■'
choice new designs and shading. £ ular price 54.50 a set. From 9t012A. M. mmSjiW^mM Will lilw\ been beidv 55.50 JlJ^^U Jl&EE^l (B Good Muslin DRAWERS, deep |q
instead of «i a yard the Special 7c ft Monday and no longer the tf^ -y* Wm^MWln «a. D-^^^^l^ ■Ifilffi I lIP ( each and sold re ? ' _i^22^a <j^&z±&% H hem and tucks 1"^
Price will be ?5C » pr i ce will be IUC rerCaie fJlll lIX larly at $10. From ggjjggr B^^SiS I Fine Muslin Corded CHEMISE,
22-inch Monotone Warp Print French* . <r ~^^—~___ il|l|| 3C. ilHfi lliliP 9t012A. M. Mon- j^^^^SJii D^lLLIZ'a If nicely trimmed, ample quantity 37
J,!5o ta a\-ar^ VecLrpnc? g^ c V § „*??=?, \% < Sl /H llvßl SndarT^ulf yaS fflililffll f-^M^'s Svrm l^^M \*Y* g Ladies' Extra Full UmbrellaSKlßTS,
23-inch Fancy Warp Print Taffeta. § /^\|s%f I lKllnß standard full yard 1 1 111 Overcoats— Storm —^ - \ | trimmed extra new pattern of 41! Oft
23-inch Fancy Warp Print Taffeta, |1 Jftf/,,^ B SW Wk TtnJ-^rftTt fn ill I W Overcoats— strictly -. 1 cry, also extra dust ruffles, the £• ->o
all new designs and colorings, just re- I! wfi ;'■ ■ Jfejk ViA P *fa / IlillH q ua ' u V-P ' .in ij|| I P 1 V all wool material- This Handsome This Handsome % Special Price &I.Z&
ceived, one of the choicest fabrics pro- I HlwmßtS W4*-k.W \XMM Z^V^Zl^nlrnl \Wt\WW flannel . lned - h JS, h Solid Oak Rocker, Solid Oak Parlor ¥
duced this season, regular 51.75 I ■ft S<BkH~'&: / WWtBl and neatest patterns ILlL^atf storm collars-ankle upholstered in fancy Chair, upholstered @ (^^^«2^ <^^^X3^^^^S
quality, the Special Price per 4. 1 'I = mLI f/M Jh KrW I IWMlmi' alS 9 coioi errecis 9 • IHIil i en sol d* regu- velour, at just half in fancwelour, at | Mon'c Furnlchinnc
yard will be.... "... Cj)l.^3 13 fc^JfWfk |#«1 a'ways sold at oc a 111 TO !arlyat|io to $12.50 the regular price on just half the regular » iVien S rUmiShingS.
_ ' _^^. 8 , L-W V ir mTi?, 0 ,,!^ 111 ¥ffl each From 9to 12 Monday from 9to price on Monday SI Some of this week's extraordi-
MWMWMMn I R c^ sb , Real Bohem^n JT J^ - . Jt;£g^ Jl »^ $5 4^ s^2^.^!"^ «*»k <7 «
Bargains in KatS. muL PiS^ .v hrt PISeS, rich -^ Price will $. 5Q special price 5 I many, bargains that will be found
Theeverpopu'arKpint capacity, ' 6 Rococo embossed 85c Serae 39c. R nvc » OvorT^^t^ « 4=? be * Jin OU r popular Men's Department.
JThe ever popular I inches high hand Rococo embossed £ 5c OKI ye 39c. Koys ' OyerCOatS 3>2.45. ° C S The Ur P ium Me Gloves for men-
EMPOR I U M § inches high hand border, with as- °^ y e BOyS UverCo3tS 3>J>4s. | The Em ium Kjd Gioves for men _
Jgfeflt;. '•Derby,' in the J decorated, in flower sorted tinting.white 100 dress lengths o _our standard extra 100 Bovs' Dress Overcoats-10 styles Mpn'«t FlirnUhinn<% ft extra quality— extra heavy—^l AA
&mzmd*L newest shapes and * designs and gold center, decorated fine all wool Navy -Clay Coating Serge tQ choos( ; from _ for boys 3to 12 years IYaefl 5» lUmiSningS. f new shades.' Per pair >,;■ $1.00
Sgfe colorings, the $3.00 g lines. A splendid with medallion head -full 52 inches wide-pure indigo dye- - ag^_ or without cares -ma- &** 25 dozen Men's San- ft AH that remain of those Fine French
k-^ W^ grade elsewhere. I value at 30c each, in colors. Plates Sj* which we sell all the -ti me at 85c a yard. 6 --, teria ,^ is al , wool - gj itarv Health Fleece- § p ea ted Linen Bosom ShiVte-VSes
?g . Here f From 9t012A. M. inches m diameter. From 9t012A. M. Monday and gg tweed, in three good f&Jm lined Underwear, $ only v Te^ and T 7 -garments that
'Lk / $2.00. i^i'^^yj^-^^^-^rjg^ colors-gray, brown regular price 51.00 a f Sformerl lyi 150 each A?arked=ri
,-pgk, qj^.VV. g iong er sale price 6 From 9to 12 u rt-- I~C|,^ rt C^l^ JfflX \™\?\ and tan-never sold (/A fY garment. From 9f to dose 50c
v y\ XL , - i will be A. Monday and Tnree^Hour bhoe bale. ll|n\ under ? 4 -good value iJtA-im toi2A.m.mwdayg^.f^-"'-""'-^'-^'":^.^
~K~~'i J\ Children's Caps, in M , . no onger 04- _., . n . HttlliftV ■'■i\\ W\\\ 1t «;- - O From oto WOrlL ¥ ll' and no longer the SB A that remam of our $* Percale Shirts
-lV^\ all the "up-to-date" 5 I4C. price per set o4C Children's Dongola I ill | f, AA\ Edav ItKjrif. c 6 every size-good patterns and
cJ*dte^^^ f l£.^ ill r r -,4 + ll fr
$1.00, 7 5 c and 50c. |^?^S^- jlPj £,|CHI: 1111 Men : s , Pants ||| i :!±.^ k^.loc
Q«B«l«**««»|^^ II 25op J s 5 0^ M en's. iJU M ™ t S
Ci 9 ars - I House-Furnishings. iii|ii^cll^^ f 111 " " »o^ TOt vill^. 75c I F° r 0 "f Week.
r^Ss'l^i"!^^?^^! .ooAgateWareTeaKetUes^Sore SS®JSS 111 S^^SSSSS 30 L. Men, M os, in N f t shins, l Stuttgart Underwear.
; SbKSS:Js2 ?^i^i^i^i £.^..^^51.23 I\M iAztr* SWW^Sf n^r^r 25 Per Cent off.
Key West and Domestic CIGARS . 8$ -nd no longer : w^ " V"" ....^..... ...... >^ cv I i \\M\, P air - rom 9t012A. M. Monday and no longer 3 c r P> Men's Stuttgart Sanitary Na-
Box lots at Special Prices. • W >». 100 AgateWare Cof- Children's Dongola Kid Button Shoes, J^Ui IMM A. M. Monday and the price will be.. JvJt< I tural Wool Underwear 'Night
I /£ jb /£ feeandTeaPots-in Spring Heel, new Coin To. Patent "^ _ HiSv^ no longer ... 7 c 8 Shirts . Sc^ at nne-miarter usual
C^S^^®«SS^^s^^ i /f 3 popular sizes- Leather Tips, sizes Bto ii. On sale ™™^ZZ. 75C oj, v _ r Watrhp^ S2 'lO | ShirtS V etC '.' a f one-quarter usual
v=«c<^^^>=^«>«^ 1 tiliCiii^ Wit ; ( regularly sold at 70c Monday, from 9t012 A. M.,£j /\q Oliver WaiCneS iJiiJUi » prices for SIX days only.
Sample MantelS"l-3 Off \%M W] and Si.w each. "pi?f!"' f ""•^7 i ;:;- n * PortiereS at Half. lf^ • Ladies' Open -face I Men's Heavy Winter Weight Single
, \ c , fwnnnUAV lll -wm" f/ on l 9to I 2 A. M. MISSES Dangola Kid Button Shoes •"i uci c» at iiaii. M Solid Silvers^ Front Stuttgart Shirts and Drawers-
Just 62 Samples of WOOD MAN- gjl MB7 . .^if Monday and no Spring Heel, new Coin Toe, Patent New Kolba PORTIERES, the latest Watches, prettily W usual prices $2.25 to $->. 35 per garment
I TELS, with tiling and grate complete. Jb "Bt»»./,- v.™ longer 60c ip. Leather Tips, sizes ii ! 2 to 2. On sale novelty, very popular in the East, now — jS-^ • engraved' case, stem (£> (there is a 10c" rise on "each size) The
lin the most elegant modern styles, no Is ~wE*£__£go and t-JL Monday, from 9t012 A. M., Qt iq being introduced by the EMPORIUM, -j^P*^^ winding Swiss W special cut prices for 6 days <i><-i *c\
twoalike , will be closed out during the V Irvirn ,,,, and no longer, at |;7 reg u!ar price S3 50 each. From 9to 12 ,&MgSff!M!k movement, qua r- ft per garment will be $1.70 to 5)^.41)
1 next six days at 2; to 3 3 ! 3 per cent less J \^^ a=s^^ I , oo^h°^ HQClS ~ t "i' MISSES' Fine Dongola Kid .Button AM. Monday, and no longer, fa JlWf^» anteed good time- M Men ' s Heavy Winter Weieht Double
than the regular selling prices. » &&^ ims } Japanned — extra Shoes, Spring Heel Cloth Top, Seam- they will each q)I.J\l MBiP «*- ke c per. On sale £ p ""„* StuSt Shirts and Drawls-
This is /rare oppor&Sty that house- 2 !&*^ J ffi^^ Ss FoTed^PatenV Leather T%s, fair Ja £ nese Portieres, in quaint woven ffi| gffl MoX 'fromg to f S°a
I owners will do well to investigate. ; %-£? Frim otoA AM stitched extension solss ' sizes 11 to 2. tinsel Oriental effects and handsome l^fc^^r 12 A. M., and no | rise on^ sizes). Spidal cftpSs
IFM IL-JF SJS^ *j*af-s^i!^ $1.49 few 1 ?: ge :::: $2.soP^«^Sr"^i- t s Sr^^
p^^w^maMHteoibl « -r h Art Department. 11 *'*^
fiirP*. I a GrinnP Jl oOOrtinQ UOOQS. 125 Framed Pictures, all different sub- 54.50, $5.50, $7.50, $12.50. 12 A. M., and no longer ,\J>^«UU « prices $3 to $4-50 per garment. Special
LUI La Ul ippc. m J Canvas Decoy jects, Etchings, Photogravures, Auto- Ladies' Solid Silver OPERA CHAINS. C cut prices for 6 days, per gar-^3 OA
Now is the time that every one coughs ft, i° Ih^teui Ducks, inflatable- types and Water Colors, original price anrv PiHnvvc On sale Monday, from 9to at £\f\ W ment,.s2.so to .VO.ZU
and sneezes-the time-that people feel h <pjP^™^l painted in nat-^f From 9 to 12 A. M. Monday, TanCy fIIIOWS. 12 A. M., and no 10nger...!.... 5)1.00 « ,^^ g! sK g^ Brt^ __^
an aching in the bones and don't know I HTT -^V <jM ural colors-can fold and no longer, your choice &t /w\ About 50 Filled Down Pillows, covered laaies' Heavy Roiled Gold o nera fll a^ aj^ &s^ aß * RiS
exactly what is the matter with them. # LJ; -^go^ and carry them in at CPI.W fine embroidered silk ' r , ar ga»es neavy • « :ouea l vow _upwau Wnmon'c' Qhftac
It is "La Grippe." But there is one £ l&Sw**^ pocket - weight 6 150 Berlin Photos of Paintings by cele- price $3 to $5 50 each. Monday, from 9 oto i" a M and no loneera"sl.OOl WOmen S MlOeS.
thing that will cure it, or that will pre- M oz. — regular price brated masters, every one a work of to 12 A. M., and no longer, the y " ' & ft? Some of the bargains' of the
vent its being very severe if the remedy « 75 c and 90c each. From 9t012A. M. art. During the three-hour sale, from price will be... *t 75 + n CO 75 rx c j • & u-ppLt h?nt<; tn rlncp i, n , rorc
is taken in time- Dr. Mackenzie's § Monday and no longer the price FA r 9to 12 A. M. Monday, and no T= _ 3>1.75 tO 3)J./3 DrilO Sundries. M week— hints to close buyers.
ANTI-CORYZA TABLETS. Take| ,be : 50C longer, the price will be each /3C Curta., Department, Second Floorer, Enelish Milk Weed Face Powder-four S S , hOe eCOnOm y here as nowhere
one of these tablets every few hours | Standard Loading Sets for Brass Shells 50 Solid Oak Parlor Easels, 5 feet high, Mam ElevJSr. ■ * ' t ints-wh ' pink fl-sn and ere/m- f else "
iffiliSiSliil:iii:Si 2^ regular price 5i co each From 9t012 m en ? ft^ -W B Hats ; regular W prce s "Je'r boi FrSmJto 12 ft Ladies' Fine Dongola Kid Button €hoes
S^ISS©R!SE=S iS *55 2^ MgajjSi^ 50c Men ? and .^s' B Hats SSffi^K^Kl^tf SMgg
th , n nw rvnartmpnt RS cV %4 i « . f., n ,™r cK.iic Fi ne Oil Paint Boxes, regular price Men s Soft Hats, in Black, Brown and Carson's Vejretahlf S-ir^mrilla the v*twv
the Drug Department. | Standar^ Loa hng_Sets r p Paper *elb $, Q h . From t0 I 2 A . M . Mon . Nutr ia desirable. wint^" styles, regular b^^^ffl^TSStena I Ladies' Fine Vici Kid Lace Shoes-kid
r.,^o f afarr h Jset From 9t012A ! M. Monday c A day and no longer, the price <^« q A value $2 50. On Monday, from 9to 12 -regular price $i.oo per" bottle. From 9or cloth tops-needle toe-patent leather
CureS Catarrh. s^noZgeV?he"pra«Tl«:.Boc w» "be- ••"-;r;-;-/ hUU A *^ and no longer, the price $L 25 9t012A. M. Monday and no jo I and kid tips-very flexible - 0
A succession of cods produces a i D I ♦ 1/ • oft 100 Cans of ENAMEL, all colors, regu- will be g»i.^^ longer the price will be q)^.3U
Chronic Cold in the head, or Catarrh- W rOCKet KniVeS JUC. jar price 25c a can. From 9t012A. M. Children's Blue Cloth Sailor Hats, General reductions on Chest Protectors I Ladies' Fine Vici Kid Button Shoes—
a very disagreeable trouble— which can JH Three and Four Blade Pocket Knives— Monday, and no longer, the price m regular value Si 00 each. On Monday, _ many different styles that we can- «$ kid and cloth tops— hand- nf |
be cured, however, by Dr. Mackenzie's bolstered and brass lined— buckhorn, will be.. « v^ from 9to 12 A. M and no AK~ not mention any particular price. They turned soles &O.\J\J
Catarrh Remedy. The cure is positive sji ivory, buffalo or celluloid handles— reg- 200 Bottles GOLD PAINT, original longer, the price will be _. -tv^^ are a ]j marked in plain figures, ■ and m Fine assortment of the ties tailor-made,
and certain. v ular prices 75c to $1. 00 each. From 9 price 25c a bottle. From 9t012A. M. Children's ROB ROYS, regular price from 9to 12 A. M. Monday, and Af\ I welted Shoes for ladies" -wear. They come
Trial FREE of this famous remedy at Mto 12 A. M. Monday and no OOrA r Monday, and no longer, the price t(\ r 50c, from 9t012A. M. Monday, 15? _ no longer we will make a reduction ■" M m black kid, russet and the nrx ox-blood
the Drug Department. <& longer the price will be..-: 3UL will be Iv/L and no longer, the price will be... Ul* of Per Cent |P color. -^ ■
PORTLAND JUDGE'S ERROR.
Suicide of en Insane Young Man Who Had
Been G yen His Liberty by the
Court
PORTLAND, Or, Jan. 23.— The Coro
ner's jury in tbe case of A. T. Smith, who
committed suicide yesterday, this morn
ing rendered a ''whi'ewash" verdict,
which is generally condemned. Had the
advice of Chief of Police Robertson, to
scad him to the asylum, been followed
three weeks ago young Smith now would
be alive.
Some time aeo Smith was examined as
to his sanity, and it was recommended by
the actinc; physicians that he be taken
into custody, his mania being not only
suicidal but homicidal. He was madly
jealous of his wiie and had been heard to
threaten her life and a. so thetatingof
bis own. On this recommendation Smith
was arrested and taken before Judge
Northup, the intention being an inquiry
into the man's sanity.
It was plain that Smith was demented,
but on the appeal of his father, Pilot
William H. Smith, and the letter's state
ment that hi-* son's trouble was caused
solely by the excessive smoking of cigar
ette«, tbe your.jj man was released.
About a week ago Smith again mani
fested suicidal and homicidal tendencies,
and he was taken before Drs. Fenton and
Sayior for examination on the reccom
mendation of Chief of Police Robertson,
who did not believe Smith a safe person to
te allowed at large. Tne result of tbi*
examination was the reimpri'-oament of
Smith in the County Jail preparatory to
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
his removal to the Slate Asylum for the
In-arie at Salem. For a second time,
oowever, Judge Northup listened to the
pleadings of relatives of the unfortunate
man, and Smrh was acain released and
confided to the care of liis friends. Yes
terday's tragedy was the result
MULI.A\ Ml .. B ItISAsTEK.
On* £rplo*ion in the iou Like Caute*
a Workman's J>»nth.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 23.— A terrific
explosion of gas occurred in the tnnnel of
the You Like mine, at Mullan, Idaho, last
evening. Forty miners were at work close
by at the time and a frantic rush was
made to escape from the deadly gas. All
succeeded in reaching the shaft but
Wilimm Brigger, who was overcome, and
perished before his comrades discovered
nis absence. The explosion came from
the magazine, but what caused it is a
mystery.
Quadruple Itrotrning A'ear Redwood.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Jan. 23— A
renort was received here to-nignt that four
persons had been drowned in the creefc
about eignt miles from nere near one of
the oyster-houses belonging to the Morgan
Oyster Company. Notning definite could
be learned about the unfortunate occur
rence.
Vkiah'a Football Team Win:
URIAH, Cal., Jan. 23.— A game of foot
ball was played to-day at Foster Park
between the teams of the Petaluma and
Ukiah High Schools, resulting in a victory
for the Uiiaii team by a score of 18 to 10.
MENDOCINO ASYLUM INSPECTED.
Governor Budd and a Legislative Com
mittee Pass Upon the Need of
an Appropriation.
UKIAH, Cal., Jan. 23.— Governor J. H.
Budd and the legislative committee ar
rived at noon to-day and were immedi
ately driven to the Mendocino State In
sane Asylum, where the party was for
mally received. After luncheon the com
mittee, as well as the Governor, was shown
ihrough the asylum by the officers in
charge. This trip was made with a view
to ascertain the propriety of making cer
tain appropriations for the asylum which
have been askfcd for by the representatives
from this district.
Governor Budd made a carefnl inspec
tion of the various departments of the in
stitution, and in an interview this evening
expressed himself as highly pleased witt)
ali he had seen. The members of the leg
islative committee were also impressed
with the management of the institution.
A reception was tendered to the Gov
ernor and the committee at the G^nd Ho
tei this evening. A special train* bearing
the party left here at 8:30 o'cloc* for San
■Francisco.
Santa Crvz Iniurance Hate War.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 23. — The
Santa Cruz County Insurance Association
has practically gone to pieces and a merry
rate war is on among the agents. A week
ago the local board decided that its mem
bers should maintain tariff rates, regard
less of the action of the German-Ameri
can and Fireman's Jruud companies,
which had announced a heavy reduction.
But the declaration was not sufficient,
and the war is decidedly "on."
SEBASTOJPOL tfJIF MISUSED.
Little Jennie Tobin tint curd From People
Who Treated Her Cruelty.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. -Little
Jennie Tobin, aged 12, has been living
witt the Lewis laniiiy near the town of
Eebastopol for nearly two years, and dur
ing that time, it is claimed, the little girl
has often b.'en cruelly used. Each time
that the agent of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children visited the
Lewis place, however, the little girl
begged piteously to be allowed to remain
and declared that she was well treated.
The persistent rumor? of cruelty con
tinued to reach the society, and to-day
C. W. Otis, with an order from the child's
mother, visited the Lewis place and took
Jennie away. He says he found her
diessed in a pair of men's overalls, with
matted hair, innocent of comb and brush
for many days, hanging down her Dsck.
The little one was engaged at hard labor
that might tire even a strong man.
Little Jennie now aays that she was
compelled to say that she did not wish to
leave the Lewis family when visited be
:ore, and she seemed to be the happiest
mortal ou the tiain that took her to Oak
land this afternoon.
lied Murderer Sentenced.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 23.— Joaquin
Fuentes, whose trial for the murder of
Bernardino Contreras, at Hedges, near
Yurna, ended in a verdict of manslaughter
yesterday, was sentenced to-day by Judge
Torrance to eigiu years in San Quentuit
PORTLAND'S YOUNG WRECKER.
Twelve-Year Old Boy Arrested for Re-
peated Attempts to Cause Street
Railway Disaste/s.
PORTLAND, Ok., Jan. 23.— A 12-year
old boy, giving his name as Carl Ross,
was arraigned in the Police Court this
afternoon. He is seemingly endowed wiih
the vicious instincts of Jesse Pomerov,
his crime being the obstructing of street
car tracks. The youthful offender, who
lives on Twenty-fourth and East Ankeny
streets, was arrested by Officer Molden
haucr while in the act of placing fish
plates and other obstructions on tne track
of the City and Suburban Street Railway
Company, on the Mount Tabor line, at
East Twenty-seventh street.
Young Ross admitted bis guilt to the
court and also confessed that he had been
engaged in the practice for some week*
past. He said he did it for tbe fun of the
thing and did not think there was any
harm in it. Upon several occasions these
obstructions nearly led to serious acci
dents. Only the timely action of the
motorrnen averted them, and had the cars
run upon the obstructions several lives
might have been lost. At one time
young Ross even went to the trouble of
tying a wooden obstruction down with
wires.
The court gave the boy a severe lecture,
explaining tbe dangerous nature of bis
pranks, and told him if he persisted in
his wanton mischievousness in the future
he would in all propability land jen the
penitentiary. Owing to his youth, how
ever, he was turned over to the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society.
APFBA.TC SKaR ri8.41.1J,
* TFoodehoppert Quarrel and One It
Stabbed in the Hack.
VISALIA, Cal., Jan. 23.— Eugene Er
; nandos, a Mexican woodchopper, quarreled
! with his partner, another young Mexican,
; while they were preparing dinner, at a
j camp seven miles east of this city to-day.
i Ernandos without warning stepped behind
! his partner and buried the blade of a lon
dagger in the young man's back just below
I the left shoulder bone. He fell dangerous
ily wounded, and Ernandos at once
j gathered up his blankets and struck out
> for the thick woods close by. Four other
• woodchoppers forty yards awaw saw the
; blow struck by Ernandos and went over
and carried the bleeding man to camp. It
is thought he cannot live. The cause of
the quarrel is unknown. Officers are now
after Ernandos.
Qu*ihinrj Kern Jndic'tnent*.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal.. Jan. 23.— Judge
Conley of Madera quashed two more of
the ions Grand Jury's indictments to-day.
These were for alleged coyote sculp frauds,
but the indictments vrere found after tbe
next-Graisd Jury had been drawn and
qualified and Conley heid them to be null
and void. School Superintendent Alfred
Harrell refused to tase advantage ul this
technicality and demanded atriai. A jury
was accordingly drawn in his case and tue
trial will begin on Monday.
Japanese children are taught to write
with both hands.
56
HATCHET MEN
TAKE UP ARMS
Warring Chinese Tongs at
Los Angeles Prepare
for Strife.
Highbinders Arrive From San
Francisco to Assist the
Factions.
Quarrel Betw en the Sse Yup and
Sam Yup Comra'iiss Breaks
Out Anew
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 23.— A war
of extermination among the almond-eyed
residents of Chinatown seems imminent.
The disturbing and often disastrous boy
cott has been declared and trouble is liable
to occur at almost any moment. As
usual, the Bing Kung Tong and the Hop
Sing Tong, the highbinder societies, are
at the bottom of the trouble and are eager
to kill.
The old-time dispute between the See
Yup and the Sam Yup companies is ex
pected to break out again. The former
company is the stronger in Los Angeles
and has the greater number of stores,
while the Sam Yups have larger stores
than the rival institution, and in conse
quence make a bid for trade by cutting
prices. The See Yups have declared a
boycott on the Sam Yup stores and placed
spotters at the entrances to learn which of
the See Yup members patronize the for
bidden places. Whenever an offender is
discovered he is taken to a room in some
sequestered house and there tried, fined
and his property confiscated. In many
instances the purchases have been
snatched from the See Yup members on
leaping the boycotted stores. About
every six months this trouble begins
afre3h. During the last row Wong Chee
was killed.
But the highbinders do not like this.
They have steadily been working to arouse
the old-time jealousy between the two
companies, for killing Chinamen is their
profession, but their efforts would not
have been accompanied by success had it
not been for outside influences. The same
conditions exist ail over the coast. The
See Yup faction in San Francisco enliv
ened things by murdering one of the
principals recently.
Suong Sam and Ah Huey, two of the
notorious highbinders of San Francisco,
arrived in Los Angeles yesterday. Fully
a dozen more desperadoes are expected
soon to assist them in conducting their
system of spotting, despoiling ana mur
dering. The Sam Yups have not been en
tirely idle. In addition to arming them
selves they have asked that some of the
northern highbinders from their own fac
tion be sent here to help cope with their
unscrupulous opponents. An attempt
was made recently by Ah Len, a high
hinder of the Hop Singtong, to blackmail
Wong Chung, a lottery dealer, out of a
large sum of money, but it failed.
CHILDREN AT THE EXPOSITION.
Gates of the Horns Products Fair
Opened to Pupils of the Public
Schools.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 23.— The
children of this city have had a glorious
lime at Hazard's Pavilion here to-day.
The time at the Home Products Exhibi
tion was given up to the public schools.
During the morning sixteen pupils
from the commercial department ot the
High School ranged themselves at their
desks on the staee and went through
some rapid calculations and business
arithmetic, under the supervision of John
H. Francis. Then followed bookkeeping,
under Milton Carlson. One thousand
figures were written in five minutes and
forty seconds. The work was all very
legible and accurate, and the penman
ship of the students was almost perfect.
The shorthand and typewriting exhibi
tions followed and were highly creditable
to the tutors and pupils. Music was sup
plied by the High School orchestra.
The drawing dispiay, under C. M.
Bradfield, was a noteworthy feature. The
walls of one entire room are covered with
drawings by pup:ls from the first to the
ninth grades. The booth is devoted to
Hign School work. The High .School
drawings are spiendid and of a more ad
vanced character, but along different
lines. Here perspective drawing is given
attention.
. There is exhibited a collection of illus
trated essKva on the "Alhamb'ra" and on
phrases of English history.
♦
SIMVSOX TAHERS^CLE'S ItEllT.
The Magnificent Jidijic* May tie Sold at
Public siiirtivn.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 23.— The
great Simpson Tabernacle (Methodist
Episcopal), one of the finest church
edifices on the Pacific Coast, with Rev. C.
<J. McLean, "the Los Angeles Parkhurst,"
as pastor, is about to pass under the
hammer and be sold to satisfy a mortgage
of $26,000 beld in Philadelphia. This
splendid building is a product of thejjoom
days in this city. It has been more or
less embarrassed since the collapse of the
boom. It was built at a cost of $90,000,
obiained largely through subscriptions by
local gentlemen who were supposed to be
making fortunes ten years ago. When
the slump came many found themselves
unable to meet their subscriptions, and
then arose the necessity of borrowing
$26,000.
Simpson Tabernacle is said to be the
largest Methodist auditorium in the world
and the largest churcu edifice of any de
nomination on the Pacific Coa*t.
The amount ti-at must bo raised is JGOOG"
with which to pay interest and a small
linatins indebtedness. The trustees pro
pose to raise this sum' at once, if possible,
by p pular subscription.
Say a Itnrthrlinan In In* an*.
LOS AN6BLSS, Cal., Jan 23.— The j
taking of evidence in the Barlhelman i
murder case was concluded to-day in '
Judge Smith's court. A number of wit- j
nesses were examined as to the defend- i
ant's sanity. Dr. F.iles, a specialist on in- i
■ sanity, testified after having a hypothetical j
question read to him that at the time of |
the murder Bnrthelman was of sound
mind, responsible for his acts and was ca
pable of distinguishing right from wrong. !
The case will be rrgued on Monday.
Preparing for La JFletta.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Jan. 23.—The
Fiesta Committee is making rapid prog
ress. Sixteen floats have been approved
and constructed, and the programme com
pleted. The ball this year will be a fancy
dress affair, the full dress ball of last sea
son not having been satisfactory.
Guarding A am it Hook Thieves..
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 23.—Book
stealing is becoming prevalent here. Sec
ond-hand stores and schools are the prin
ciple sufferers. So baa have affairs be
come tbat the schools have taken stops to
stop tlie system of robbery. Pupils of
both sexes have been detailed to watch,
and in almost every achool in the city
there is a miniature yf Russia's third
section.
Work for the Unemployed.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 23.-The
Finance Committee of the City Council
has about formulated a plan whereby un
employed residents, particularly property
owners who are in need of work, shall be
givon labor on public works and street im
provements. The strictest care will be
taken to confine the operation of the plan
to the residents of the city. It is intended
to provide work for several hundred citi
zens who are out of means.
Harbor ' ommi««<oti«ri Depart.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 23.— The
Deep Water Harbor Commission has left
the city, Admiral Walker, the chairman,
gome East and tne other members to San
Francisco, where they will remain until
Thursday. Tbpn they will return to Los
Angeles." It is understood tbat the board
has arrived at a decision as to the location
of the harbor, but what it is of course no
one Jcnowa Dut the Commissioners.
Buatneia Jfr»» Cast Ballot*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 23 —The
election of the Merchants and Manufac
turers- 1 Association resulted in the choice
of these officers: 11. W. Frank, president;
P. M. Daniel, tir.st vice-president; J. G.
Chamberlain, second vice-president ; E. A.
Stuart, treasurer, and W. H. Knight, sec
retary. _____________
PLAINT OF A SAN JOSE WIFE.
Mrs. Leroy D. Lacey Sues to Recover
Property She Had Deeded to
Her Husband.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 23.— Flora A.
Lacey to-day began suit against Leroy D.
Lacey, her husband, to compel him to
deed to her the family home on South
Second street, which she al'.eges is simply
being held in trust for her by Lacey. The
property is valued at nbout $3000.
About a week ago Mrs. Lacey sued her
husband for divorce on the ground of de
sertion. This morning the divorce suit
was dismissed at the request of plaintiff,
who at once hied the suit to obtain pos
session of the property. In the complaint
Mrs. Lacey alleges that at the time of
their marriage Lacey possessed nothing,
I while she was the owner of a ranch in
I Monterey County.
She desired to have a home in this
city, and mortgaged the Monterey prop
erty for $1500. With this she purchased a
lot in the Leddy Tract, and built a bouse,
expending $2285 in making a home. Lacey
was very proud, and asked his wile to
place the property in hi si name, so tie
would not be humiliated, and his friends
I would not make unpleasant comments on
his family affairs and relations, as would
i be the case if the property was in her
i name. Mrs. Lacey consented to this, and
| deeded the proprty to her husband, with
i the understanding that he was to hold it
! in trust, and deed it back to her any time
I she desired.
On January 14, 1897. Mrs. Lacey says,
i her husband deserted her, and since then
I he has threatened to dispose of the prop
erty. The court is asked to prevent Lacey
; from selling or mortgaging the property,
! and to declare it held in trust and compel
j a reconveyance of it to her.
IFi/i Entertain Endeavorera.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 23.— The Santa
Clara County Christian Endeavor Union
will hold a rallying day in this city during
the National Endeavor Convention in San
Francisco next July. Excursions will be
run to this city under the auspices of the
local union, and the Visiting delegates
ana their friends will be royally enter
tained. Some aort of entertainment will be
provided and the visitors will be taken on
drives to the various points of interest.
The County Union is taking much interest
in the National convention, and commit
tees are already at work making arrange
ments for a lull attendance irom tnis
couniy.
Order* a Stay of Proceeding*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 215,-^Judge Hy
land this morning issued an order for a
stay of proceedings in the action of the
! Bank: of San Jose vs. E. W. Clayton, ad
ministrator, et al., pending a new trial.
The judgment was a decree of foreclosure
| and sale of portions of the famous Ring
wood firm to satisfy a judgment for
$24,007 30.
SprnkH in titanfora"* Cautr.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 23.— Tiie Board of
Trade last evening adopted a resolution
requesting the representatives of Santa
Clara County at Sacramento to urge the
Legislature to adopt a bill exempting
Stanford University and similar institu
tions of learning from taxation.
Thii Woman a Hank Cashier.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 23.— The bank of
James A. Costa & Co. was to-day opened
for business. The iirm consists of James
A. Costa and Mary E. Co3ta, the former
being manager and assistant cashier, and
Miss Costa acting as secretary and cashier.
TULAjtJC'S JSSIIIVTr..
Farmer* Hen filed .by the TUncutaiont
They Ilnvr J.intened To.
TULARE, Cal., Jan. 23.— Tulare -was
full of farmers to-day in attendance upon
the institute. They came from all sec
tions of this and ad joining counties. '■■ The
forenoon was spent at the. United States
Experimental Station, jusi south of town,
where Professor Loughridge delivered a
practical talk on "Treatment of Alkali
Soils."
The session this afternoon was an espe
cially interesting one, taking part in the
programme being Elias Gallup, Professor
Loughridge, N. W. Motheral and George
A. Fiemine. In the evening Mrs. James
Stewart re-vl a bright paper explaining
"How a Woman Can Aid in Making
Fruit Pay." The session closed with an
address by Professor E. J. Wickson upon
"The Relations of the University of Cali
fornia to the Farmers." This session of
the Farmers' Institute has been a decided
success.
Snntn Cruz Jury J>itagrne;
SANTA CRUZ, Caj,., Jan. 23.— 1n tne
trial before Justice Gardner of the case of
the People vs. C. B. Hinkle, charged with
misdemeanor in refusing to pay license
under a recently passed city ordinance,
the jury disagreed. The case is an im
portant one, having been brought to test
the validity of the law which imposes a
graduated license tax upon merchants
and traders. By an agreement with the
Merchants' Association Hinkle refused to
pay the tax a;ul legal proceedings against
him were begun. The city could bring no
suit that would raise the "the question of
validity. Hinkle's offence beini: a mere
migdemeanor, but the defense brought np
the question and on this the jury dis
agreed.
Salmon in fmn J >t,i Kay.
SAN" LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Jan. 23.-Co
lumbia River salmon appear in schools
this year in San Luis Obisno Bay and
amateur fishermen are numerous. The
fish average from 25 to 4o pounds in
weight. One party of three fishermen re
turned yesterday with a day's catch
weighing 285 pounds.
m»a*trruM Jirr* at Sandutku, Ohio.
SAN DUSKY, Ohio, Jan. 23.— Almost
the entire block of business bouses on
Water street, the principal business thor
oughfare of the city, was destroyed by fire
this moininp. The losses will aggregate
more than ?2~C,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
VAIN BALLOTING
FOR SENATORS
At Boise the Followers of
Clagett Threaten to
Dssert.
Utah's Legislative Deadlock
Gives No Indication of
Breaking.
Eaker's Withdrawal the Only Inci
dent of the Day at
0 ympia
BOISE. Idaho, Jan. 23.— 1n the Sena
torial ballot to-day the result was: Clagett
(Pop.) 28, Dußois (silver X.) 2(5, Nelson
(Pop.) 13, Rogers (Pop.) 2.
Many of the Clagett supporters are be
coming tired of voting day after day for a
candidate on whose behalf it seems im
possible to enlist the Democratic vote,
without which he cannot be elected.
Clagett had ;a majority, however, in the
Populist caucus, although there were
eleven dissenting votes, and it is claimed
that he cannot hold these much longer,
and that they will go to Dn Bois in suffi
cient numbers to elect him unless an
agreement is speedily arrived at by the
Populists and Democrats. The Populists,
it is claimed, would go to Lewis at ones
if the Governor would agree, in the case
of Lewis' election, to appoint a Populist
to succeed Lewis as Secretary of State, but
there is not much show of a Democratic
Governor making such a contract.
HARK. HORSE MAS APPEAR.
Thatcher and Hendernon Stake Ao Gains
in Vnth.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 23.— Four bal
lots were taken in the Utah Senatorial
contest to-day. The first resulted:
Thatcher 23, Henderson 19, Rawlins 14, all
Democrats; Bennett, Republican, 3; scat
tering 4, On the second Thatcher gained
one from Rawlins. The third and fourth
ballots were repetitions of the first, except
that Kawlins gained one of the scattering
votes, making his total 15.
The Rawlins men wanted to go on bal
loting, but the Thatcher and Henderson
supporters were afraid, and a motion to
adjourn until Monday was carried by
their votes. It seems as though Thatcher
and Henderson had polled their full
strength, and it is expected by some that
on Monday Rawlins will draw largely
from botn, or more likely that «ome aark
horse will appear, probably Bowers or
McCune.
JVo Change at Olj/tnpia.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 23.— The tenth
ballot to-day resulted: Turner 24, Cline
35, Sauire 5. Dani-ls 6, Denny 23, Wineor
7, absent 7, scattering 3. There was no
material change in the eleventh, twelfth
and thirteenth ballot?, and the Legisla
ture then adjourneJ. Bilker's withdrawal
was the only interesting incident of the
day.
O HUG OS CO* VIC IS FICTORT.
Objrcted to liein'j J'arttontA ant Won
//i« (iiif in Court.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 23. — George
Betts, alias John Bingham, wanted in
Chicago for complicity in a murder, will
remain in this ciiy. The habeas corpus
proceedings came to an abrupt end this
evening, when Judge Sears decided that
Betts did not have to accept the pardon
grained by the Governor unless he wanted
to. The prisoner thereupon derlined the
pardon and this mad" the >-xtradition
warrant ineffective. One of the many
complications is that Belts is not serving
his sentence, as his case is on appeal to
the Supreme Court. Betts prefers a short
term /or burglary to a longer one for
murder.
Fire at Lot dato*.
LOS GATOS, Cal.. Jan. 23.— A tire t'.iis
afternoon broke out under J. W. Hunt &
Sons' bakery and restaurant on Main
street, in the center of town. After two
hours' hard work by the two volunteer
tire companies, the b!aze was got under
control. J. W. Hunt & Sons lost their
restaurant, valued at $700, and bakery,
valued at $500. Mrs. T. H. Williams' mil
linery-store and residence adjoining were
badly damaged by smoke ana water. Her
loss is $2000. A young man named Lemon
was badly cut on the wrist by an ax in
the hands of one of the firemen who was
chopping into a building.
Santa Ana lo Cliifnoufrth.
SANTA ANA, Cal , Jan. 23.— 1n re
sponse to call a public meeting was held
here to-night to discuss the merits of
Assemblyman 11. W. Chynoweth's bill
No. 257 reducing snlarres of officials in
counties oi the twenty-fyurtb class. After
a long discussion, a motion to indorse
the bill was defeated by a large majority,
and a motion to request Mr. Chynoweth
not to urge its pas-age was carried. The
general leelini* was that the bill is in
consistent and not founded on knowledge
of the situation of county officials.
Han IjU.l* Jtnnch Occident.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Jan. 23.—
Mrs. George Richmond, who lives on a
ranch about twenty-four miles from here,
came near being instantly killed this
morning while driving a gang-plow. The
pole of the plow broke and the* horses ran
away. She fell under the plow and the
shares cut a deep gash from the center of
her head to her left eye. The injured
woman was brought to town and received
surgical treatment. She may not recover.
liurird at Santa Crux.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Jan. 23.— The
funeral of Francis W. Thompson, who
died at San Francisco on Wednesday, was
held yesterday from the Congregational
Church. The services were conducted by
the pastor, Rev. John G. Taylor, and
were participated in by Santa Cruz Par
lor, Native Sons of the Golden Wes*, the
Christian Endeavor Society and the Good
Temp Jars, of all of which organizations
Mr. Thompson was an active and highly
esteemed member.
Kndy found Sear Astoria.
ASTORIA, Or., Jan. 23.— The body of
Captain Davis of the British ship Del
o»irnie, who disappeared on the night of
December 14, was found to-day on the
beach just within the mouth of the Co
lumbia River by the Fort Stevens life
saving crew. It will not be possible to tell
untii after the inquest whether his death
was due to foul play or not.
CAREFUL CABINET MAKING.
Many Prominent Gentlemen Under Con-
sideration, but No Further Selec
tions Are Made.
CANTON, Ohio, May 23.— J. H. Brig
ham of Ohio, who has frequently been
mentioned in connection with the position
of Secretary of Agriculture, called on the
President-elect to-day and discussed the
situation with aim. To the correspond
ent of the United Associated Presses Mr.
Brigham said:
"I have not bpen tendered a Cabinet
portfolio, but Major McKinley assures me
my name is under consideration, and, I
trust, favorably."
"Will not the fact that Ohio has one
representative in the Cabinet filling the
most important place in mat body, pre
vent your appointment?" was afked.
"Not necessarily," answered Mr. Brig
ham, '-lam supported by tne strong in
dorsements of the State and National
granges. My appointment to the Cabinet
would not be a State matter. It would be
made on National lines."
The chances are, however, that Ohio
will not have more than one place in the
Cabinet, though it Is possible Colonel
Brigbam may bo offered the post of As
sistant Secretary of Agriculture.
Notwithstanding all that has been said
about tne reported tender of a Oabinet
portfolio to Lyman J. Gage ol Chicago, it
«an be positively announced that nobody
has been rsked to accept the Treasury
portfolio. The President-elect holds Mr.
Gage in high esteem, and hf»s, doubtless,
asked some of his friends to quietly ascer
tain whether Mr. Gage would be In a
position to go into the Cabinet if invited.
This does not mean that he has been or
will be tendered a Cabinet position, but
that he is under favorable consideration.
Ex-Secretary Fairbanks, the commis
sion man W. T. Durban and Judse Mont
of Indiana paid their respects to Major
McKinley 10-day. The subject of Indiana
patronage was discussed. Chairman John
Goudy of the Indiana Republican State
Committee, is said to be under considera
tion for appointment as T/onsul-General
to Paris and will have the indorsement of
Senator Fairbanks.
Senator Carter of Montana and Senator
Wilson of Washington called on Major
McKinley to-day to talk about some ap
pointments in the far West.
The report which reached here from the
East to-day to the effect that Robert P.
Porter has been promised the appoint
ment of Minister to Japan is without foun
dation. The Japanese mission has not
been disposed of, and an effort is being
made by the friends of the incumbent to
secure his retention, but it will doubtless
be unsuccessful.
Rurton't Etnpty Honor.
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 23.— J. Kalph-
Burton of Abilene is the choice of the Re
publican members of the Kansas Legisla.
ture for the Senate. He was nominated
at a caucus to-night for the empty honor
lngalls' supporters refused to participate
in the caucus, and Burton was nominated
on the third ballot. Scarcely enough
members were present to constitute a
majority. _^^_________
ROBINSON'S CREED
DISTURBS TACOMA
Causes Factional Strife in
the First Baptist
Church.
Pastor Harriman Resigns and
Many of the '"Come-Outers"
Withdraw.
Doctrines cf the Visiting Ev ngelist
Not in Favor With the
Majority.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 23.— The trouble
which has been brewiog among the mem
bers of the First Baptist Church since the
arrival of Hew Peter Robinson from Cal
ifornia a week ago and tLe introduction of
hid doctrine of sanctification culminated
Jast evening in the announcement by the
pastor, Mr. Harriman, that he would not
preach iv the church until the "demons
have been removed from the members of
his congregation." A meeting of the
pulpit committee of tne church was held
this morning in the office of Deacon
Cavender for the purpose of filling the
vacant pulpit of the churcn, and an in
vitation was extended to Rey. C. Spurgeon
Med burst, who will occupy the pulpit to
morrow.
The troubie which has now reached such
an acute stage was caused, it is said by
the most prominent members of the con
gregation, by the doctrines which have
been advocated by the Rev. Mr. Robin
son. About a score of members have
taken kindly to the new ideas, and among
them is the pastor. Mr. Harriman, and
ihese have been holding nightly meetings
In the church.
At the conclusion of the regular services
last evening the pastor requested those
who did not concur in the new doctrines
to leave the church and allow the follow
ers of the Rev. Mr. Robinson to hold their
regular after- meeting undisturbed by the
presence of the unbelievers. As the ma
jority of the members did not seem to
take kindly to the idea of being ordered
from their own church, the pastor made
the declaration that the meeting* would
be continued in a different place.
It is thought by many that the pro
longed strain of the recent meetings has
been too great for the pastor and that
mental trouble will ensue unless he takes
a rest. However, his determination to
follow the teacliines of the Rev. Mr. Rob
inson cannot be shaken, and if a new
cuurch is organized by the "come-outers"
it is expected he will minister to its spirit
ual wants.
A number of prominent members ac
cepted Rev. Mr. Harriman's invitation
last nis<ut and left the church. After
this Mr. Harriman turned his back to the
audience and kneeled at the pulpit. In
this position he remained the entire
evening. When reporters entered church
long after midnight he was still in the
same position, his head bowed in silent
prayer, while down in the auditorium
were about twenty of the followers of Rev.
Mr. Robinson's creed laughing, crying
arfd praying at the »ame time.
The latter base their sanctification doc
trine upon two passages of scripture.
One of these, from Paul's letter to the
Kphesians, is:
Be ye filled with the spirit. •
The other, from Paul's Ei>i9tle to the
Thessalor.ians, is:
For this is the will of God. ever your
fluntion, that ye should abstain from fornica
tion.
It seems that Mr. Harriman has been
somewhat in doubt what course he ahould
pursue, and for nearly two weeks he has
been fasting and prayine. One week of
this time he spent at his home, denying
himself to friends and to members of his
congregation until he should again re
ceive the holy spirit. Several nights ago
he again appeared nt evening meetings
and assisted the "come-outers."
Rev. M*. Robinson is here on his way to
the Chinfse mission fieid, where he will
represent the California Christian Alli
ance Society.
A \<>w Debutante.
Miss Ethel Isabel Smith, violinist and so
prano, announces a concert for February.
Miss Smith has returned from Germany, where
she >-tudied under Herr Profess* r Walter of
the Hock Schule in Munich. In Paris she was
v i;h Miirsick ut the Conservatoire and Mme.
de la Grange. She will be assisted by Mrs.
Cnrmichael-Carr, Miss Edith Smith aud Wil
liam Andrews.
WILL STOCK AN
OSTRICH RANCH
Baron yon Schroeder to
Embark in a New
Venture.
Crops of Plumage Added to the
Harvest of His Eagle
Ranch.
Preparing a Tract of Land for the
Reception of the African
Birds.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Jan. 23.— J.
H. yon Schroeder is about to embark in a
new venture. A tract recently added to
his famous Eagle ranch, twenty miles
from this city, is to be stocked with os
triches. The Baron is going into the os
trich-raising industry on an extensive
scale, and the enterprise will be watered
with interest by ranchers uereabouts.
Baron yon Schroeder has taken out a
patent on lots 5 to 8, in Township 29, and
thi!; land will be used for the farm. It is
admirably located in the foothills of the
Santa Lucia Mountains, and there is suffi
cient level and rolling land to make a
grand home from the African bird. Large
pens and sheds are to be built. The pens
will be fenced with a strong wire netting
about seven feet high. In that section
there is an abundance of grass, leaves and
acorns, which constitute the principal
food of the large bipeds.
Baron yon Schroeder has a beautiful
estate and is the owner of the largest
prune orchard in the world. He is the
right kind of a man to commence the new
industry, as he has mads a success of
every experiment he tried on the Eagle
ranch and the people hope his new ven
ture will turn out as weJJ. The new farm
is located at the west end of the ranch and
is about five miles from Santa Margarita.
People who are in this city from Los
Angeles say there is no reason why the
ostrich-raising industry should not pay as
well as it does at Anaheim and Lob
Ang.-les, for the conditions here are
greatly in its favor. The work of preparing
the land for the reception of the bird will
soon be commenced, and no doubt many
tourists who visit this part of the State
will make a trip to the new farm to see the
ostrich herds. The bipeds will be shipped
to the place when it is in condition to
receive them. The people here are well
pleased to hear of the Baron's enterprise,
as it will be a standing advertisement of
the congenial climate and resources of this
couniy. ___^______
FOUR TEN-ROUND BOUTS.
Some L vely Sparring at the Entertain
ment of the New York Athletic
Club.
NEW YORK, N. Y.\ Jan. 23.— Four ten
round bouts were provided by the New
York Athletic Club at their boxing enter
tainment, which was held in the gymna
sium of the club to-nigUt.
Sara Tonquins of Astoria and James
Collier of Rnckaway Beach quit after
three rounds of brisk fighting.
James Smith of California and James
Wilson of Jersey City sparred seven
rounds. Smith was outsparred.
JacK Edward of Philadelphia scored a
clean knockout in the nine-round mill
with Jake Aronson.
The principal bout was a ten-round
affair at 116 pounds between Tommy
White of Cnicaco and Jack Skelly of
Brooklyn. ijkeliy was no match for the
clever Chicagoan, and White kept poking
rights in at will. Skelly became very
grogsy and began clinching to avpid
punishment, while Whito kept pounding
him with both bund-. Skelly's eye was
nearly closed when the bell rang. Skelly
rallied in the fourth and sent a right and
left swing for the neck, but White punched
him badly toward the close. In the fifth
round, White floored his man with a right
swing, and Skeliy was counted out. The
round lasted one minute and six seconds.
»B A DOW M B tIX wins.
Defeats J'rofe.iior tfonworth for the
Championship of Canada.
TORONTO, Ontario, Jan. 23— The
Shadow Maber-Bosworth „ twenty-round
fight for the championship of Canada
came off at the Princess Theater to-night
before a crowded house, and terminated
at the cmi of the fifteenth round with the
Toronto Athletic Club instructor practi
cally knocked out.
Tut* tight was a bard one, and although
the Australian had the best of it in reach
and height, he had a difficult problem to
solve in Bosworth, who was formerly Fitz
simmons' snarnng partner. Maber
weighed in 154, Bosworth weighing 161.
The veteran Jem Mace looked after Mab»r
and Jack lianley was in Bosworth's cor
ner.
In the first three rounds honors were
about even, but after that Maber's agility
and cleverness kept the pro:essor guessing
all the time. In the fifteenth round Ma
ber landed a stunning left hook on tne
chin, which nearly put Bosworth through
the ropes, just an toe bell rang. He was
unable to continue and Maber got the de
cision.
littrhio at -Nfic Orlran*.
NEW ORLEANS, La.. Jan. 23.— Sjven fur
longs, Nina Louise won, imp. Paladin second,
Parmesan third. Time, 1:29?£.
Three furlongs, Miss Patterick won, Georgie
C second. Belle Forster third. Time, :37%.
One mile and a quarter, Otho won. Lightfoot
second, Partner third. Time, 2:22^.
One mile and an eighth. Laureate won,
Cotton King second. Judge Steadman third.
Time, 1:56%.
One miif, Tragedy won, Bob Clampeit sec
ond, Waldine third! Time, 1:44.
Pix iurlongs, Willie W won, Senator Morrill
second, Anna Mayes tnird. Time, 1:15}4.
KnnrUrd Utit by JiiTon.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 23.— G.-orge
Dixon knocked out "Australian" Billy
Murphy last night in the sixth round of
tueir twenty-round battle before the
Broadway Athletic Club. The deciding
blow was a left hook, which landed in the
oit of the stomach with terrific force.
Dixon had all the best of the bout up to
the knockout.
Teamsters' ttow.
James shoehan and Michael Sheehan,
brothers, own two express wagons and have a
stand at Gough &yd Market streets. Last
night Michael and Charles F. Groat, another
expressman, quarreled and had a right. James
went to his brother's assistance and made a
slash at Groat with a knife, but missed him.
James and Michael were arreßted by Policemen
Bei.jamin and Merrick. the former for assault
with a deadly weapon and the latter for
assault.
Died of I.h Grippe.
Amelia A. Connor died suddenly yesterday
morning in lier office, 56 Murphy building.
She had been suffering from la grippe. Mrs.
Connor was 61 years of age.
NEW 10-DAT-DRT GOODS.
** *Prqp& o<i $&& Hojxc^*^
II PRE-INVENTORY SALE! 1
1 Again the opportunity of getting something for almost nothing is IT
yours. We are going to take our inventory. Only six days left of our JI
! n fiscal year. Before doing so we must clean out all broken lots, odds and «
' f ends and remnants. The less stock we have-the better for us. We can V
1 afford ts sacrifice such things and are glad to let the public in on them. Jl
if NO OTHER STORE DARES TO CREATE SUCH BARGAINS! ft
|| Yard-wide Bleached Muslin, the 7\c kind 5c ] ,';
" Bleached Canton Flannel, heavy twilled back, ioc kind 6§c 
J, Fancy Open-work Lace Scrims, striped effects, 12k kind 6ic !* |
" Ready-to-Use Hemmed Pillow Cases, 50x36 inches, 12k 
1 j value • •• : *- c ■•
1 Hemstitched Bed Sheets, 90x81 inches, 65c value 47^C j
iii French Figured Dress Sateens, 50c value. 19c | |
' ' ' Yard-wide Percales, new patterns, 12k value B,^c
.'( 1 Standard Mourning Calicoes, Sic va1ue................. 5c ; j
'' Fancy Dress Ginghams, extra quality, ioc value 6ic
1 1 Fleece-Lined Wrapper Flannels, dark colors, 12k value 6IC j M
1 Double-Fleeced Tennis Flannels, pretty patterns, light
,U colors, ioc value • • 7«c ju
!ff German Eiderdown Flannels, for Wrappers and Coats,
II 20c' value — — — • • 122 C 1
flf Double-Fold Scotch Plaid Suitings, lovely colorings, 25c \ f y
value • • ; ••••• lOC ( (
i T Hemmed Huck Towels, ready for use, worth $1.75 doz. 10c fl
72-Inch Cream Table Damask, large patterns, 75c value 42c J, (
A Bleached Linen Napkins, full I size, value £2.00 d0zen. .51.29 r>
X White Twilled Roller Crash, 25 yards in piece, value A
X at $1.25 • • 85c $
I California White Blankets, pink and blue borders, value 0
V $5.00 pair -— $3.15 I
9 White Quilts, Marseilles patterns, double-bed size, T
0 hemmed all around, $1.50 value 89c V
$ Chenille Portieres, fringed top and bottom, all colors, V
O value $3.00 pair • •• $1.69 V
9 Steel Rod Umbrellas, 26 and 28 inches, for Ladies and r 0
C Gents, $2.00 value 95c O
6 Children's Ready-to-Wear Dresses, sizes 4to 12 years, O
q* $5.00 value $1.50 (S
A Tailor-Made Suits, novelty designs, Jackets silk lined, O
X $12.00 value • • ••'• $4.95 A
A Silk Shirt Waists, . plain and brocaded Silks, $4.50 A
X value... ••• ••••• • $2. 95 X
9 Velours dv Nord Capes, braided and jetted, silk lined, A
T fur trimmed, $7.50 value • $3.95 jl
V Irish Frieze Jackets, new shield front, $9.00 value $4.45 jk
T Extra Fine English Kersey Novelty Jackets, worth, up jl
0 to $20.00 apiece $9.95 t
0 Lace Edge Silk Veils, plain and dotted, 25c value 15c ?
V Fancy Silk and Mohair Trimming Gimps, worth up to T
P 25c a yard—'- • • 5c V
Q 18-Inch Black Silk Novelty Veilings, worth up to 35c a 0
<j) yard — 15c 0
p Butter-Color Laces, new attractive patterns, special O
0 values • • 7lc to 12?. c Q
0 2-Clasp Kid Gloves, embroidered backs, tan only, $1.25 • '--0 ■ A
A * value • •• • 85c A I
A Eau de Quinine, the famous hair tonic, large glass-stop- A
V . pered bottles, 65c value •• — — '-• 39c A
1 Witch Hazel Cream, for chapped hands, lips and skin, A
T 25c value 15c jl
V Milled Toilet Soap, a big collection of odd 10t5... .4c and 8c 5?
V Children's Black Side Elastics, double strap, pin top, T
0 15c value • 5c x
0 Best Corduroy Skirt Binding, full 2 inches wide, 8k V
6 value •• • • 5c 0
p Ladies' Black Serge Gored Belt Hose Supporters, 25c O ■
Q value ••..• • 10c p
P Spanish Back Combs, elegant, large plain and fancy V p
A backs, 50c value • • Isc A
A Ladies' Handbags, small sizes, double strap handles, A
0 -25c value - ••• • 10c A
A Stockinette Sleeve Shields, large size, worth 15c a pair 5c A
A Double-fold Silesias, black and colors, ioc value 61c A
A Rustle Percaline, black and colors, full yard wide, 12k a*
A value —..— :.. 7i c X
V Standard Quality Kid-finished Cambrics, all colors— . 4c A
T Ladies' Fast Black Cotton Hose, Hermsdorf dye, 25c . x
V value-: • -. - 15 C X
V. Children's Wool Zephyr Bonnets, Hoods and Capes, V
V 50c value • —.. 10c -9
0 Infants Silk, Cashmere and Lawn Bonnets, 75c value 25c V
V Children's Lawn and Silk Shade Hats, 50c value 10c ■ 9
0 Changeable Gloria Silks, brilliant- colorings, very lus- 0
6 trous, 40c value ••— — — • — -, 25c 0
p Colored Brocade and Figured Silks, new designs, 50c O
Q value • 35c 6
P Colored Brocatelle Silks, very rich colors and patterns, r)
A 60c value ••— ■ 45 C A
A Colored Satin Brocades, 23 inches wide, lovely effects, A y.
A 75c value 50c . X ./
X Changeable Surahs, all silk, very desirable combina- X
V tions, 75c value - 50c A
,r Taffeta Francaise, 21 inches wide, evening colors, 75c vi «r
m value » 45c V.
(11 Black Figured Louisines, a beautiful collection of pat- iii
'' terns, 75c value :.. 49c '[
(l ( Novelty Dress Goods, Bourette and Biscuit effects, 35c ft> ( I
1 J value • .......: ig c m
l ( Checked, Striped and Plaid Novelty Suitings, 40c value 25c 1
1 ' ' Scotch Cheviots, English Tailor Suitings and Silk- ! •
mixed Plaids, 60c value • — — 35c 1
I Imported -Novelties, colored grounds with raised black ' '-" J 2
designs, 65c value • "........:... 4Oc "
< ] English Leather Suitings, Striped Boucles and other • iii
™ Novelties, 75c value • sOc !?
( ,i Brocaded and Figured Black Alpacas, 38 to 42 inches ,• ,1 >
'^ wide, 35c value.— — „... „.. jg c ••
U Black Henriettas, 46 inches wide, rich, lustrous finish, • 1
1 f 50c value— 3 5c •
n French Black Bourettes, 48 inches wide, all wool $1 25 ]
! m value- ;... ! 50c I j
, i SPECIAL MILLINERY SALE TillMlliEniAT^s2.so Each I,
1 f In order to keep our workroom force busy we are now trimming up a 1 '
II large quantity of Ladies' and Misses' Hats, Turblns, Toques and Bon-
It nets, black and all colors, which we are selling at the ridiculously low I i
f price of $2 50 each. They are made of the odds and ends, remnants ft i
v short lengths and scraps of fine materials which have accumulated durine V
M the past season. Their worth or former prices have pot been taken into i i v
TCf consideration at all. They are worked up into sightly, fashionable, be- \II '
m coming styles, and any one of them can be bought at $2 50. ' *
;!! LADIES' TRIMMED WALKING HATS AT LESS THAN HALF PRICFS I I
, U MARKET ST., COR. TAYLOR & GOLDEN GATE AYE.\ NDAY JANUARY 24. lt>97
AMUSEMENTS.
' Baldwin Tbkateb- >'ordi«a in Grand Opera
CoLrsißfA iHKATKic--'Eevil's Anctiou.
■ Mobosco's OaRA-Uorau — -Acainst the
. c-trram
/tcA^AB Theatek.— "A Fair Rebel."
Tivoli Oi'kba House.— -Jack and The Bean-
sta'.t.
■■vtm- High-Class Vandeville.
.Peoplf/s r.\i_\CE.— Mahara's Refined Minstrels
.' .'> CHUTES A>TT> Skatini Rink.— Dill/ at
iJeißbi i ■■• ■■ '. one block east of the Park.
b'CTBO Baths— Bathing and performances.
. 1 a.cific Coast Jockky Ct.t-b.— Races to-morrow
ittCTION kALES.
fv CKAB. I-eV* & Co.— Jiondar, January 26
, Horses, £t 164 Golden Gate nve., at 11 o'ciocK.
■ By Yon Rtiein Co.— Thursday. January 28.
Fri\' Estate, at Salesroom, 513 California street
at 12 o'clock.
7 : v a. Ji. I'mbsen <)t Co Monday, February 1.
eal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
*' 12 o'clcct noon. ■F< r Hi
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The estate of Bridget F. Cline, deceased, has
been appraised at $10,659.
Fone Chin?, better known as "Little Fete,"
was murdered last night by some unknown
thus.
Mrs. Amelia A. Connor, well known to many
people of this Ciiy, d:ed of heart disease yes
terday.
At a meeting oi the Council of Associated
Industries yesterday several important bills
were a;
Nic Nac, Lobengula, Yankee Doodle, Scarf
Pin, Etta II .:■■ a i ; Fi vere the v.inners at
Err,eryvi:le Yesterday.
Stuff Captain Dunham of the Salvation Army
i* expected here soon to tnkc up the oversight
of Southern California.
<:fneral Dickinson's barbers' bill will meet
1 no opposition frua the meH employed in
:• business in this City.
Little Pete," who was shot to death last
• in a barber-shop, w»s oue of the most
notorious Chinamen in the United States.
A final meeting of the Bnr Association wes
held yesterday for revision of the proponed
constitutional amendment for judicial reform.
The bill to increase the Superior Courts in
San Francisco to eighteen departments v. ill be
latin to Sacramento earfy this week by E. P.
Cole.
\V. yon Meyerinck r.nd his wife of San Frmi- |
Cisco may be prosecuted under the federal
laws for importing a tcrvant girl from:
Berlin.
Otto Furmeister has sued Mrs. E'.iz". Beek"r
for restitution vi $7000 worth of property said
to beiong to the estate of Henry Becker, de- i
coated.
Mrs, Louise Hunter, recently from Eureka,
Cah, is in this City hunting for the father ol
her live children. He left his family three
months ago.
The miners finally agreed on their bi'.l
which i> m be presented to Congress at \Vash
ington th:> setsion. The full text is published
U issue.
One of the most striking features in the his
tory of ''Li:tle Pete," murdered last nieht,
was hi> turf career, which ended in his being
ruled off the turf.
The forecast made for to-day by Forecast
Official Alexander McAdie is for clouds und
b y rain, with continued cold weather
cad hijih southeasterly winds.
A quantity of valuable diamonds were boldly
p-i len in daylight from N'olte's store on O'Far
ay. The store window was
broken and'the precious stones abstracted.
Champions Loughead, Ziegler and Mott es
ew records m int.- professional and
amateur classes at the League of American
Wl c ! men's benefit at the Veiodromc yester
day..
residents of the vicinity of Carl street
6: --flted over the prot-pect of a ten-minute
ar service, which the railway company
hns promised them if a franchise can be se:
i sides in the Fair case unearthed sur
yesterday. Notarial deeds supporting
■ f were found, and a deed aeknouledjed
I y thai no;ary was louni missing by the Fair
typy* :ivinff in the Mission discovered
l oi a man near the Alms House yes
lay, bnt tne police iaiied 10 find it last
and the search will bx resumed this
ing.
members of the Mechanics' Library will
led up in tn elect by preference ballot on
Last Tue.-day in February seven directors
,i list of nneeu business mea already
D( mlnated.
A meeting of the creditors of Will E. Fisher,
the- missing real estate dealer, was held yes
terday. His liabilities were estimated at be
tween ihX) and £40,000. His assets are
about 1000.
The executive committee of the Miners'
Ass cifttion adopted a bill last night to be pre
sented to Congress in the interest oi mining
titles, locations, etc. The full text of the Dill
is givea in Ike Call.
Arthur Dieting, a suppo-ed Eastern crook,
was yesterday convicted by Judge Conlaii of
having burglars' tools in his pus:-ession and
carrying a concealed weapon, and will appear
lor sentence to-morrow.
A lot cf stolen silverware was found In the
posse-sion <n Gns Wilson and Georce Burns,
two young men, last evening, aud Detectives
Ie and Harper arresttd them, believing the
articles had been stolen.
The motive of "Little Pete's" murder last
night is said to be vengeance on a company
feud. He is reported to nave be^n proscribed
by an opposing Toqk and to have had the
price of .^vfOOO set on his head.
The British ship Morialta arrived in port
r- ■■ i v seventy-eight days from Newcastle.
bhe left ; <>rt seventeen days before the Swan
h:ld-i, and could give no information regard
ing that miicii-looked-for vessel.
The Swan hilda did not arrive yesterday. A
bark from New .^outh Wales got in after a pas
ta..-.' of eeveuty-seven aays, and reported
baffling winds and high seas. She started
seventeen <inys before the Swanhilda.
cnflrge of bigamy against Charles D.
rimcklev, an old man, was dismissed by Judge
Jo^chimsen yesterday, ns Hinckley had beeu
imposed upon about thre<- years ago by a man
who gave him a spurious decree of divorce.
William F. Whittier has sued Frank W. Ful
ler of tne W. P. Fuller Company, for the pur
pose of settling disputes in regard to the own
erthip and partiuon of the extensive real
and otber property owned by the old
fcrci of Whittier, Fuller & Co.
/ SEW 10-DAT
piirmwilSDiisl
GREAT SACRIFICE REMOVAL SALE
OP
J. SAMUELS,
104, 106, 108 Kearny St.
THE EXPENSE OF MOM THIS STOCK MUST BE SAVED !
THE COST OF GOODS THROWN TO THE WINDS!
42-Inch Im. Silk and Wool Suitings re- Tennis Flannels at 5c a yard.
duced from $1 25 to 50c a yard. Linen Crash at 5c a yard.
60-Inch All-Wool Cheviots reduced from $1 Fringed Towels for 5c each.
Double- width Dress Goods for 15c a yard. Children's School Handkerchiefs at 25c a
China Silks, all colors, loc a yard. dozen. ,
I Gloria Silks at 25c a yard. , $10 California Blankets at $3 75 a pair.
I All-Silk Black Brocades at £0c a yard. | $4 Comforters at $1 50 each..
THE BOTTOM OF LOW PRICES REACHED AT THIS
GREAT SALE SOW OS AT
104, 106, 108 K£ARNY STREET.
The British Ship Forfarshire Was Taken From the Pacific-Street Wharf Yesterday by the Tug Sea Queen. Over 400 Tons of Ballast
Had to Be Put Aboard to Stiffen the Vessel Eefore She Could Be Moved.
TIE FORFARSHIRE'S
NARROW ESCAPE
Shs Was Moved to Rich
ardsons Bay Yes
terday.
Race Between a Customs Olficer
and One of the Mono
wais Mates.
Grain Vessels Leaving in Ballast in
Search of 0 hsr Ciar.
, ters.
The Forfarshire left Pacific-street wharf
yesterday for good. For some time to
come her home will be in Richardsons
Bay, and when she sails again the chances
are that her cargo will be put aboard at
Port Costa. The narrow escape that the
vessel had last Thursday is still the topic
of conversation along the front. After the
I ballast was put in the remainder of the
' coa! ffa? taken out, and yesterday when
| the tup Sea Queen moved the vessel from
I alongside the Monowai "she stood up as
I stiff as a church."
When the hawsers began to snap it was
a question as to which of the men in the
hoid could get on deck quickest. Weigher
Moran, who was there representing the
Custom-house, and Second Officer Fraser
of the Monowai were nearest the iadder
when the vessel be^an to careen. '"It was
a case of every man for himself and devil
take the hindmost," said Fraser, "but I
tell you that Moran beat me ten ieet in a
hundred and was on beard the Monowai
before I got my head through the hatch
way. In the first ph.ee sue roiled over
toward the steamer and that gave us a
pretty good scare. Then she went over to
starboard and kept on j:oing until we
thought it was time to get a move on.
The hawsers held, however, and when the
ballast was put in she righted Herself
without any aid."
The Forfarshire s:i!l has her crew
aboard, and the men will remain by the
ship un.il she is ready to sail for a foreign
port with a cargo of wheat or general
merchandise.
John Stauge, late ship's carpenter on
the barkentine S. N. Castle, has gone into
business for himself. He was a particular
liiend of Captain Hubbard, and made
many a trip against his will just for friend
shipS sake. Finally he quit ttie sea for
food, and now has gone into business on
East street. No one connected with the
water front is better known or better liked
than John Stauge, §nd if the present mdi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
cations are carried out he should do as
well ashore as he did at sea.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic arrived from Hongk mar
via Yokohama yesterday. This is the
first trip she lias mad" to this port since
she '.vent ashore at Shimonoseki, Japan,
List October. Captain P<?arne died in
Yokohama, and his death is said to have
been .iccelerated by worry over the strand
ing of the ship. Captain William Finch,
who is now in command of the Gaelic,
was formerly master of the Arabic and
was sent from England by the White Star
line to take charge of the renovated
bteamer.
The following-named passengers arrived
on t: c Gaelic: M. A. Winning, Miss L.
Averi'J, Mr. and Mrs. b\ H. Lorintr, Miss
E. Gardner, W. S. Gage, W, G. Hockriclge,
\V. H. Wiley, Joseph Theland, Charles
Pernet, W. C. Cllft, M. I. Hart, F. H.
Heidel-chim. M. 0. Theis, Captain Hasn
eriminoff, M. Schegoleff, Simla Shadrin,
Theodore Shadrin, M. A. Martzin.
A series of jrales were run into during
the voyage, and il was only when the Pa
cific Coast was reached that anything like
fine weather was encountered. Captain
Finch reports that there is a rebellion in
MfiniiU, but nevertheless vessels are char
tered to go from here to load sugar for
Nc-.v York.
Ttje Helga came here from Gape
Town in Dallas;, and rinding nothing to
do here will go in ballast to Manilla and
load for New York. The shin Oterburn,
that came here from Cape Town in bal
last, ttoes to Pu«r*t Sound to load lumber
for Europe, and the Miltonburn, that
also came here in ballast, hns rone to Hono
luluin ballast to load suear for New York.
With twenty-eight or thirty vessels tied
up in the bay and others leaving here in
ballast, the outlook lor sailors and ship
owneis is not very promising. '
Captain B'air, the well-known am! pop
ular master of the California, is on his
way to San Francisco again. After his
vessel was sold he went as chief officer
on one of the White Star steamers. A
month aco he was placed in command of
:he ship North Star, and will take her to
Calcutta, coming from that port to San
Francisco.
A GLIB REVIVED.
j The Mission Defense Unorganized for
Improvement Purposes.
The Mission Defense Club that was in
'■ existence when the homes of the resi
dents of the sunny belt were threatened
with wholesale ejectment suits was re
vived last night and was organized into a
Mission improvement union, with the
| following officers, all of whom were
I elected at the meeting: .
! James D. Phelan, president; F. ,W. Van Rcy
i ntrgom,- vice-president; .George ' Wai com,
! recording secretary; C. Branigun, treasurer.
j Executive committee — James D. Phelan, K. W.
I Van Reynegora, George Walcom, J. 11. Grady,
I 1). Keiiy, John Bolger. George L. Center,
; William Meizner, D. A. Hulse. John D. Daly,
j A. B. . Maguire, A. P. Van Duz<t, John A.
| Lennon, J. C. Youne, J. K. C. Hobbs. Dele
gates to the Affiliated Improvement Club—
J. K. C. Hobbs, John H. Grady, Judge F. W.
Van Keyuegom, A. W. Thompson and J. A.
Leu uon. tibM
The clab having been declared organized
John H. Grady said that the benefits se
emed to the people of the Mission by
their united - efforts in the past justified
! the revival of the present club as an im
! provement union of all those who desired
; to improve that section of the City where
their homes are.
These remarks were indorsed by Vice
| President Judge VanK«ynegom, who oc
j cupied the chair, and who made some
I further remarks on the. line of action to
be laid down in the immedate future.
J. Bolger offered the following resolu
tion, which was adopted : .
Whereas, The Legislature, now in session,
has indicated a disregard for public Interest,
and given our citizens great cause for alnrm
I by Die introduction of measures that are cal-
I culated to bo of no advantage or service to
I this City, namely the increase of salaries for
certain City officials: there. ore, be it
Resolved, That we call upon the representa
tives from the Mission district to oppose ail
such measures as inimical to the Interest of the
taxpayers and of utility.
. Ecto'vcd, That a copy of these resolutions,
properly attested, be sent to their members of
the senate and Assembly from the Mission
district.
Judge Van Reynegom desired to have
the club's indorsement on the anti-black
mailing bill, which is intended to prevent
bogus suits to secure defunct land titles.
I The club indorsad the bill and recom
| mended its passage.
A motion was made requesting Mayor
Phelan to instruct the City and County
Attorney to draft a bill authorizing the
Supervisors to purchase a lot for a hos
pital for incurable patients within the
City limits.
Baicbitll nt the Prpsidio.
An interesting game of ball will be played
this afternoon on the Presidio Reservation
grounds at 2 P. M. between the United States
Uegtilais and the George 11. Tays. The line-up
is as follows:
U. HI .Regulars. Position. Geo. H. Tays.
Xoyes or Meyers Catcher W. i-cou
Pwidiccrdor Wheeler. Pitcher Mansfield
Kelly First base.... Head
Cameron. . second base..... Jones
Little...; Third base Bergrua au
Fry Shortstop Henley
Haines ...Left, field Kogers
Finch Center tie d J. Scott
Pint-yard • Uht field Laws
Kenney, Uilson and Whlttiucton extra.
Divorce Sails Filed Yesterday.
Suits for divorce have been filed in the
County Clerk's office as follows: Teresa Han
sen against O!e Hansen, for desertion; Annie
Hynes against James F. bynea, lor cruelly;
Annie Lickman against Henry Lackman, for
cruelly.
BOLD DAYLIGHT
BURGLARS AT WORK
They Steal Diamonds From
a Store on O'Farrell
Street
NEAT WORK IN BREAK
ING A WINDOW.
The Thieves Selected a Time
When the Proprietor Was
at Lunch,
NO ONE SAW THE RASCALS
WHILE THERE.
The Crime Was Committ d During
One of the Busiest Hours
of th 3 Doy.
One of the most daring daylight bur
glaries that has taken place in this City
for years was committed on Thurs
day noon on O'Farrell street, between
Powell andj Mason. The show window of
The Show-Window at 222 O'Farrell Street, Through Which the
Diamonds Were Stolen.
O. Nolte. manufacturing jeweler, at 222
O'Farrell street, was broken open, a quan
tity of diamonds ana diamond jewelry
stolen, nnd the thieves escaped undetected.
Mr. Nolte's place of business is not
large and his front door opens at an angle.
Opposite is the shoeshop of George
Rethey, the door of which opens at an
opposite angle. The entire front of the
little jewelry-store i? taken up as a show
window, in which are displayed tue goods
for sale. The window extends across the
entire front and around to the door, just
off the sidewaik. It was this side window
that was broken.
It is Mr. Nolte's custom to leave the
store at noon and go home to his dinner.
He always locks tbe front door and has
felt no uneasiness, as Mr. Rethey never
leaves the shoestore as he lives in the rear
of his place of business.
On Thursday, however, the shoeman
locked his door and went out to make a
purchase during the absence of the jew
eler, and when he went back he found
broken class scattered all over tbe en
trance. A glance showed him where it
had come from. A hole the size of a
man's hat bad. been broken in Nolte's aide
window and the disarranged condition of
the goods showed that a bold aurglary
hud been committed.
The strange part of it was that no one
could be fennd who had seen the thieves
or heard the crash of glass. The uolire
were called and expressed the opinion
that Ji heavy do'.h, like the skirt of a
coat, had been placed over that part of the
window before the jrlass was shattered by
tiie blow. A crowd quickly gathered from
the neighboring stores and" places of busi
ness, but none could throw any light on
the matter.
A little later Mr. Noble arrived and
rrade an inventory of his loss, and found
that the thieves had stolen only unset cat
diamonds and diamonds in rings and
shirtstuds. Thera were watches, plain
rings, lockets, chains and other valuable/
in large numbers, but none of these were
disturbed, except to be tossed about by
the hands of the thieves t» hile in quest of
the precious stones.
In speakine of the burglary Mr. Noble
stated that it was no doubt committed by
persons who were familiar with his
habits.
He believes that the fellows must have
watched his place from the doorways of
several of the saloons near by for days,
waiting until such time as Mr. ilfithy, the
shoerr.aker, should go away at the same
hour. It would have been almost impos
sible for the thieves to nave broken the
window while the shoeman was in his
store, as Mr. Ketby wocld certainly have
seen any one stepping off the street into
the entntce of both stores.
Their patient waiting was at last re
warded by both storekeepers leaving their
pla. es of business at the same time.
Several detectives are at work on the
case looking lor the thieves and to recover
the stolen jewels, but so far without suc
cess, as the burglars have not, so far as
known, put the plunder in any pawnshop,
either in pawn or for sale.
A BODY IN THE HILLS.
Two Boya Discover It, but the Police
1 ail to Find It.
James Cameron, 11 years of age, living
at 29i7 Twenty-second street, and Roth
Haskell, 10 years of age, living at 3826
Arm street, were enjoying themselvts on
the hills near the Almshouse yesterday
afternoon, when they discovered the bouy
of a man, with a hole in the bead and
blood all round it.
The boys got scared and ran home, tell
ing their parents of what they had seen.
The Seventeenth-street station was noti
fied and Policeman Connolly wbs sent
with the boys to find the body. Tney
searched for several hours, but the boys
seemed to be unable to rind the exact
locality and further search was aLandoned
till this morning, when another attempt
wiJl be made to rind the body.
MR. KAPHAEL TO BE THESE
Ho Will Attend the Inauguration of
President McKinloy at Washington.
J. W. Raphael of tbe big clothing- house
of J. W. Raphael & Co. of this City will
attend the inauguration of President Me-
X nley at Washington, March 4, and will
add his plaudits to those of other promi
nent CalUornians who will gather to do
homage to the Nation's Executive. Mr,
Raphael will leave this City on the 26ib
inst., and will be absent some months on
business for the firm.
NEW TO-DAY.
"My daughter, seventeen years of ) £ OtfM«*v!U «.££«>..«%
z^yi^^^Tz I A Gougher's Coffers
ttessing cough. At last we gave ♦ may not be so full as he
St 4 Si. oI S.*2SS the i ™ shes ' but * he iS ™ se
cough was cured. She is now in *he Will neglect his COf-
excciicnt health, and rapidly # jj fers awhile and attend to
****•*>**■*<**<*<.<*** *, , YTT¥ I that cough. A slight
cough is somewhat like the small pebble on the
mountain side. It appears utterly insignificant, until
a mouse, perhaps, starts it rolling, and the pebble be-
gets an avalanche that buries a town. Fatal diseases
begin with "a slight cough." But any cough, taken
in time, can be cured by the use of
Ayer's Cherry Pectoral.
# This testimonial will be found in full in Ayer's "Curebook" with a
hundred others. Free. Address J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass.
NORDICA CHARMS
IN MUSIC-DRAMA
Her Interpretation of Brun
hiida Arouses Many
"Bravas."
The Baldwin Theater Is Crowded
to the Doors by Music-
Lovers.
A Miscellaneous Programme Precedes
tfae Wagner Ex:erpt— The
li Tc-N gut ,
So great was the desire to bear the
Nordica-Scalchi combination at the Bald
win Theater yesterday afteruoon that
even the fortunate possessors of seats had
almost to light their way to them, so great
was ihe crowd of music-lovers, who con
sidered it no hardship to stand in order to
hear the singers.
One reason lor the great rush was, no
doubt, the general desire to hear the
"Awakening of Brunhilda," from "Sieg
fried," which was performed with the as
sistance of an augmented orchestra.
Reports have come here from time to
time of Nordica's success in Wagner
music-drama, but it would be safe to say
that even her most ardent San Francisco
admirer was unprepared for her magnifi
cent rendering ot the "Sicgfriod" music.
"The A wakening of Brunhilda" closed
the programme aud it was well it did, for
the audience was so wrought up over the
music and Nordica's singing that to have
sat still and listened to a miscellaneous
programme afterward would have been
like dropping Jroin the sublime to
the commonplace. In the "Awakening
of Brunhilda," the warrior goddess is
lying in the long sleep into which she was
put by Wotan, when Siegfried approaches
and wakes her with a kiss. Then follows
the duet which makes the finale of "Sieg
fried."
From the moment of her awakening
until the curtain went down on Brunhiida
in Siegfried's arms, JS'ordica fainy elec
trified her hearers by her singing and
acting.
Barron Berthald, as Siegfried, did not
stand at all upon Nordica's plane. The
faults in the production of his really fine
voice were more apparent when he was
singing with the heavy orchestral sco Ting.
In lact, be had to do a good deal of good
Wagnerian shouting to make any showing
at all in the duet.
In the dramatic interpretation of Sieg
fried he was more at home than he was as
Faust, or Maurice. Isidore Luckstone
conducted his orchestra very intelligently
in the "Siegfried" excerpt and prevented
it from in any way overpowering the vocal
score.
Even in the miscellaneous portion of
the programme Noraica was in excellent ;
voic yesterday, as if the .-dea of her com- !
ing Wagner number exhilarated her. She
opened with a pretty little song "Ecstasy," !
by Mrs. Beach, followed by the charming 1
lullaby that Isidore Lucks tone composed \
for her.
The composer as well as Mrne. Nor
dica received an ovation for this soni;.
The '"Spring Song" by Weil, which con
cluded her custer of songs, called forth
aucii an ovation that Mme. Nordica re
sponded with Se Je's "Pi Basek," and as
that only whehed the tast.- for more, she
gave "When Love is Kind."
Barron Berthald's contribution to the
miscellaneous part of the programme was
Clay's "I'll Sing Thee Sones of Araby,"
and as an encore, "Love's Sorrow."
In the former number he managed the
A more carefully than on Thursday night
and succeeded in producing the effect of
a mixed tone instead of a pure falsetto.
If his phrasing had been bet;er he would
really hare sung the "Araby" song very
well, but he breathed too often to phrase
effectively. His singing of "L>ve's Sor
row" was marked by a good deal of
feeling.
Scalchi was out nf voice yesterday, par
ticularly in her first song, "Ah, rende'
me." She seemed to recover herself later,
however, and gave a line interpretation of
Seebel's second aria from Gounod's
"Faust," "Quando a te lieta," which is
too often omitted in the opere. A "So
nata," by Tosti, followed, and the audi
ence showing a thirst for more bcalchi
gave them "Annie Laurie."
This auzmented orchestra opened the
concert with tne overture to ''Tann
K£W TO-DAY.
FOR
GRIP
warn
Every one has a kind word for Seventy -
seven, Dr. Humphreys' precious cure for
Colds, La Grippe, Influenza, Catarrh,
Coughs, Sore Throat.
Dr. Humphreys' Homeopathic Manual of Dis-
eases at your i 'rusgi9t's or Mailed Free.
A small bottle of pleasant pellets— tits the vest
pocket. Sold by drugg:s:s, or sent on receipt of 26
cents, or five for 91. Humphreys' Medicine Co ,
cor. William and John streets, New York, ■"">•
i . . .- . - ■ .1
hauser," and the large number of strings
added greatly to ihß effectiveness of the
number, which Isidor Luck«t<>ne con
ducted with his usual care. J. 0. Demp
sey sang Pressel's "An der Yveser" with
finished vocalization, ami as an encore
{rave the "Friar of Orders Gray." Liter
in the programme he saner Schumann's
"Two Grenadiers" in Kn^li«n, but hia
rendering of this number, although tin
ished enough, lacked the spirit and
Dreadth with which San Francisco ausi
ences are accustomed to hear it sung by
Anton Schoit.
A new prelude. "The Ironmolder," was
conducted by the composer, Vu<»iisr Hin
richs, and Cyrii Kistier's "Kunihiid" was
repeated by request.
A very interesting programme has been
prepared for to-night's concert. To-mor
row the Nordica-Scalchi troupe leave for
Sacramento, where they give a concert,
and leave on Tue.sday for Salt Lake, where
they are billed to appear at the Tabernacle.
NEW TO-DAY.
Money back if
you don't like
Schilling s Best.
Tea and money
at your grocer
A Schilling & Co San Francisco
533
I Dr. Cook's |
\ Announcement, |
( > — :|
|! Doctor Cook ha« been perhaps more ]i
/ liberally patronized by the sick and i 1
i| suffering, and at the same time more ij
' \ highly praised by them, than any ]
\< other physician or surgeon ever in ,
'i 1 San Francisco. His extensive eucpe- i|
( rience, profound learning and superb \
'i skill, together with his honorable and ]•
i upright methods of business, have i'
i| brought to him people from every i,
\ station of life and from all ovrr the !i
]' Western United States. He therefore ,'
i| wishes to announce to them and to <[
\ ail who may become his patients in \
]i the future:" ,»
i[ First— That he guarantees a perfect cure ( !
( i of every c.-.si he undertakes, { \
ji Second— That ii your c*se is incurable S
S he will tell you so candidly. J
> Third— That he has many volumes of >
i ' srenu ue testimonials wnich may be read ?
i 1 by those ! who, in good faith, apply to <|
i I ' him lor treatment. r
i! Founh— his remedies contain no \
< injurious drugs. \
\ Fifth— That his treatment will not in- 'i
'i teriere with your occupation, unless a !>
\i surgical operaiiou be necessary. S
I i Sixth— That all his proiessional deal- ,'
i 1 ings are conducted in the strictest £c- i'
1 1 crecy. i|
(' Seventh— That he himself, nt>r*onally, •
«, attends to each nnii every individual who ',
<i applies to his office for treatment. \
( i Eighth— That he has only one medical S
'i office, aud that one is located at 865 Mar- /
ji ket street, San Francisco, Cal. ji
I Doctor Cook cures Female Com- '!
> plaints, Lost or Failing Manhood and J 1
< Men's Secret i|
i| M/fffi7%ilr^^\. Ailments of cv- <
'' /fm-mnf^ \ ei- y nan)e and V
'' *jeM&j \ nature, Catarrh, /
i[ iJjMpy jjj Piles, Rupture, '!
!; 3R^I/ f&K?* BloSindsS I
'' 'wL'-^'*" 1 - I ftfSSA Diseases of the '!
I I fvii /a^K^y^r Ky e .Kiir. Brain, I 1
\ I vM^rVr^J Nose, Throat, /
<[ i\«ffi'|ir Heart, Lungs, ;!
I 1 (DOClOKCOOK). gans. ,|
i 1 Doctor Cooks ',
<! mail treatment is very large and al- |i
ji ways hi^hiv successful. To every ,'
i 1 one describing their troubles he ij
i| sends, free of charge, his new and \
'i valuable book on Men's Diseases. He |>
/ is in his office daily from 9t012 a. m. i|
c nnd 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. M., except ',
, ( i Sundays, when he may be consulted ]>
|i from 10 to 12 a. m. only. Address <|
|: DOCTOR COOK ■!;
!;' 865 Market St., !|
]! BAN FKANCISCO, CAL. ]»
THE PAINTER
HAS REMOVED TC
579. MISSION ST.
0000000-000000
AN EXCELLENT
JS TTT^ 1 A T Properly prepared and
l\/l ■* r\ I promptly served, can
; IV LX-JjL \.JL-/ always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T") AT A /in
Most Popular HA I At' H
Dining Apart- * Al^n^>ij
mont in town, minimi — mam
0000-000000000
/^.DEWEY&CO.>ffV
t g 3
%SO^22Q MARKET SXSJ.^SS^
78
LITTLE PETE
MURDERED BY
HIS ENEMIES
f Continued from First Paoe.{
these document* that Buckley came to be j
designated i he "blind white devil."
"Little Pete" was tried, convictea and j
sentenced to six years in San Quentin.
Previous to that "Little Pete" had been
known from his prominent connection
with gamblers and highbinders. He was
the most famous Chinese probably in the
United States.
HIS TURF CAREER.
Plunger, Corrupter of Jockeys and
Final y Ruled Off for Fraud.
The career on tbe turf as a plunger of j
FonK Ching (or Little Pete) was as weird j
as it was meteoric. Entering the portals
of the Bay District racecourse a mild, !
meek-looking Celestial, with no more
knowledge of the horseracing game than
a parson has of faro, it was not long be
fore he had under his control three and I
possibly more of the best jockeys ruline at ■
the track, and when in March, l*O(i, he.
together with Jockeys Churn, Chevalier
and Heinrichs, was ruled off the turt by ,
the officials of the Bay District track for
fraud and jobbery, it created a great sensa
tion In the world of turf.
Little Pete made hi?" advent on the turf
during the summer of 1895 while the long
siege of racing given by the California
Jockey Club, so prolific of johs and
crooked races, was in progress. Meeting
with only ordinary success in picking
winners on form, the wily Chinaman soon
found out there were many tortuous
curves and inshoots to master before one
could hope for success, and he proved an
apt student. He soon found out that
jockeys were no different from ordinary
mortals and that glittering gold could
accomplish many thing-.
It was common gossip about the track
during the summer months that certain
jockeys were frequent visitors to the shoe
factory owned by .Pete on Wasnington
street, in Chinatown; a mention of which '
only caused a few sn»iles and knowing j
winks among the trainers and swipes.
It was not long before there were some ;
very suspicions looking races, and in-
Variably L tile Pete held tickets on the j
winning horse. The confidential friend
and adviser oi Little Pote in all things a; -
pertaining to turf affairs was Jockey I
Heinrichs, a mild-looking, blond«-caire.l '
youth hailing from St. Louis. Heinricns
was an arti-t in the saddle, keen and
shrewd, a demon finisher, but with a very.
Very cloudy reputation as to honesty.
This glib-tongue 1, blue-eyed youth Little
Pete chose as his lirst lieutenant.
The Celestial was in the habit of back
ing the horses ridden by Heinnchs heav
i y. and invariably he cashed his tickets.
There was much talk about "dead ones"
finishing behind the winner; bnt the
judges skw not, and Little Pete was arrow
ing rich daily.
Then came the end of the long summer
rmi'ig season, a short interval of re-t and
then the auspicious opening of the fall and
■winter season of 1895-96. Many new
Eastern horses were on the scene of rac
ing operations, as well as jockeys of East
ern repute. Among these latter was Jerry
Chorn, a colored lad in tue employ of
Barney Schreiber, the St. Louis turfman,
a rider of many sterling qua] ities.
The season progressed and Little Pete.
present daily was often observed looking
over the formbook of the races run, whicb
he always carr ed In his blouse. Then a
trip to the saddling paddock, a chat with
a jockey or two ami Little Pete's commis
sioners would b© seen skirmishing about
the ring placing his coin. Tales of mon
ster winnings made by the Celestial
plunger were told, to which that indivi
dual would reply that "bo backed two or
three horses in the race and only won a
trifle."
One aay the talent in general backed the
mare Wht-el o. Fortune, ridden by Chorn, I
very heavily, as she looked a certainty, j
Little P^te strung his coin on the chances !
of Rosebud, carrying the Burns <fc "Water- I
house colors, and strangely enough the j
judgment of the little man from China- I
town proved superior to that of Caucasian J
race-goers of many years' experience. I
Chorn's ride on this occasion was viewed j
with suspicion by many, but no action i
was taken in the matter by the officials in '
the judges' stand.
As the meeting draegei through the
long winter months and merged into
spring, elated at his successes, Pete en
gaged in a book-making venture. At this
he was only partially successful, as it was
whispered about that one or two horses
laid up wit i his book, supposedly "dead
ones," were resuscitated, and the book
lost heavily. On top of this came a
rumor of a rupture between Pete and
his trusted lieutenant, Jockey Heinrichs.
The cause of this was, it was said, jealousy
on the part of the jockey that other
Jockeys who were getting better mounts
were usurping his Dlace In :he good graces
of the plunger from the land of the
Flowery Kingdom.
In the latter part of March, 1896, mat- i
ters came lo a focus ami the racing world I
was treated to a startling surprise. At a
meeting he'd one evening by the Board of
(Stewards of the California Jockey Club four j
or live jockeys were summoned before |
them and closely questioned regarding i
some very suspicions looking riding that !
had been viewed from the stand. Murder j
will out, and it was claimed that Joclcey
Heinric s, under promise of a lenient sen- j
tence, let the cat out of the bag, and the
Chinese confederacy was a thing of the
past. Ai any rate, much silence was ob
served by the jockey club officials regard
ing how the information was gleaned.
After a searching inquiry jockeys Ohorn
and Chevalier were ruled off the turf for I
life and Heinrichs and plunger Fong I
Ching were warned off the turf.
Many tales of wondrous winnings were
told about the little yellow man, but as
be was of a secretive turn of mind they j
were never verified and how much he
added to his wealth during nis open ca
reer on the turf will probably never be
known. That he became a fiend to the i
frame is certain, lor even after being ruled
off he sent money to the track to be played ;
on certain horse?.
Jockey Hcinrichs is now riding on an
outlaw tract in the Jkast, Chevalier, the
colored boy, is an cxi c from his native
land, pilo<in;< nor e« over the race courses
of Guatemala. Jtrry Chorn, it is said, is
a penniless hanger on about the race
tracks of St. Louis and the prime mover
in the gigantic turf swindles occupies a
slab in the City Morgue.
Four More Arrests.
20.0— Four Chinamen, Ah Wong, Ah
"i'up, Ah Kong and Ah Hing, were ar
NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING. ,^^^_^^-^-~~~~-~~~~-~~~-~~-~^ ~~-~" "~" —^ — — — "~" ' — " "
_ Say ! I'll Give You a "Tip."
I FMVO NOW GOING ON AT THEIR STORES, COR. KEARNY AND SUTTER#TS.
i SlSi^lSi^ M Ma "Diiiiiia" Unrfl Everything run on the ."dead level." We live up to our advertisements to
r~ y^M^^^^l i/i '" •DllJIuO. nBIBi the letter, and your money back if you want it.
w%O^XEI *^iW Men's Late Style $12.50 All-Wool Suits and OR OR Boys' $5.00 Stylish School Suits have been QO 45
\ Overcoats will go this week at •. t$OlU J cut t0.... •• IH^ITO
V^(fff/Vf^T V ■ Men's Late Style $18.00 Dress Suits and Over- fl>Q QC Boys' $6.50 All- Wool Dress Suits have been CO QP
llf^^ V\ J\ coats wiU go this week at WJiUJ cut to * VuiUU
. Men's $3.00 All- Wool Pants now goat <M OK'/5c Night Robes (Embroidered Fronts) have QP
_ *^ mt 0 1 1 3J been cut to UUU
Men's $I. so Late Style Fedora Hats cut to.. QC ft '75c Late Style Pure Silk Parisian Neckwear Qr p
\ Ouu has been cut to • * JJU
. HUNDREDS OF BIG BARGAINS HERE THIS WEEK
That beat anything ever before offered by any reliable Clothing firm in this city. Early callers
get the cream of these
TJiq'FARAI-.ILjEiL.EP VALUES.
____________ ——_———-—_—■——_»——»——————————-——__-————--————— - - j
scientiouslyfilled until . . irfaTHiJi^^ loss is too great to
= 200-208 KEARNY STREET, CORNER SUTTER. •=
rested at the corner of Jackson and
Dupont streets later.
Three dirk«. two hatchets, a cleaver and
a 43-caliber Colts revolver were found on
them.
They were arrested on suspicion cf be
ing concerned in Little Pete's murder.
Answers to Correspondents.
Orangemen— F. G., City. There is an organ
ised body of Orangemen in San Francisco.
Tiik GiiaND OPEKA-HorsE— F. 8., City. The
Grand Opera-house was "pened as Wade's
Opera-house January 17, 1870.
California— Student, City. The correct ab
l.r.-viation of California is "Cal." Many peo
ple use ••Calii." to prevent confusion with the
abbreviation of Colorado, wnich is "Coi."
The Mint— Oakland Lidy, Oakland, Cal.
The employes of the branch mint of Sin Fran
cisco, excepting such as have to be confirmed
by the Senate, are at present under Civil ser
vice rule?.
Anti-Chinese —F. 8., City. Tho Trade
Unions of San Francisco hud a procession
known as an anti-Chinese procession and a
•.. ■ L'iing in the Mecnanics' Pavilion on the
evening ot" the 15th ol November, 1876.
. armed to the Teeth— D. P., City. There
do not appear to be any claimant for the
phrase "armea 10 the teeth." or, at least, there
is no record of the individual who first used
the expression, It is, however, of English
origin. ;f__±___
RErrx.NizED by Spain— L. J. R., City. The
Ton federate States of America were recog
nized to the extent of being accorded be lig
t rent rights by England, Franco and then ail
the principal maritime nations of the world,
including Spain.
Negotiating Mines— M. G., Burnt ranch,
Trinity County, Cai. The department is un
able to give the information asked for, on the
ground t at it does not eive-the standing of
any person or linn. There are commercial
agencies that do that.
Fire and Water— H. A., City. There are no
published statistics thatgive "the number of
iosscs by tire Hiid by water each year." It is
claimed by those wtio have given the subject
some attention that more property is de
stroyed by fire than by water.
A Book of Gold— J. S , City. A book of goid
(glider's leaf), containing twenty-fire leaves,
mfftsurine each 3^£ inches, equal to an area
of 2t>4 square iiicuos, generally weighs from
4to 5 grains. A "pack" weighs twenty tin:es
that. Ttie proportion of alloy is about lin 20.
The Meet op 1893— 5. W\, City. There were
two or three meets of the Olympic Club during
tie year 1893. To which one does the ques
tion asked refer? Xo records of events ars
kept at, the office of the club; consequently
tnis department will have to search lor the
event, and for that reason would like to know
what particular meet to look for.
Boys for the Navy— H. N. W., Watsonville,
Cttl. To enlist boys in tne navy of the United
States, the applicnnts, if residents of the State
ol CalifornlH, should rpake application to the
c< mmnnder of tne United States receiving
ship Independence at Mare Island. In An
swers to Correspondents, December 25 of last
year, there was published a lengthy answer
which gives in detail what is required of ap
prentices in the navy.
Ten Largest Cities— Student, City. Accord
in to tlie census o 1890 the tea largest cities
in the United Stat s ranked as follows: New
York, Chicago, Philadelphia. Brooklyn, St.
Louis, Boston, Baltimore, San Francisco, Cin
cinnati and Cleveland. According to the esti
mates of Mayors the cities and populations
(estimated) ranked n.i follows: New York,
1.957.284; Chicago, 1,750,000: Philadelphia,
1300.000; Brook yn, 1,140,000; Bt. Louis,
<;.">0,000; Baltimo c. 600,000; Boston, 520,
OOrt; Cleveland, 370.000; Cincinnati, 365,
--000; -an Francisco, 335,000.
White and Colored— Student, City. The
latest official figures showing the white and
colored population in the following-named
States are those of the census of 1890: Ala
bama, white, 833,718, colored, 679,299; Flor
id*. 224,919, .473; Georgia, 978.357 858,
--996; Kentucky, 1.590,462, 2t>8,173; Louisiana,
558.395, 560,192; Mnrvland, 820,493. 215,
--897; Mississippi, 544,851, 744,749; X rtn
Can II , 1,055,382; South i'»ro.i'i«, 462.008,
689.141; Tennessee, 1.836,637, 430,881; Vir
ginia, 1,020,122, 635,858; West Virginia, 730,
--077, 32,717.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
NO REFUGE FOR
THE CITY'S SICK
City and County Hospital
Can House No More
Patients.
As a Result of Varied Filchings
the Maternity Ward Is
Closed
The Emergency Cases Are for the
Present Cared for at the Re
ceiving Hcspital.
As a result of the looting of the funds
provided by the City to repair it and
make it passably fit for occupancy, a seri
ous crisis now confronts the City and
j County Hospital. The institution is
I taxed to its capacity to accommodate
patients, and in a day or so the Board of
Health will close its doors to further ap
! plicants.
The condition of affairs as far as the
poor sick and disabled are concerned is
very serious. Owing to the neglect of the
1 former management of the hospital to re-
I pair certain sewers it has been found
; necessary to close the maternity ward.
This has resulted in a transfer of this
class of patients to the children's nursery
and a corresponding cramping and crowd
ing throughout the entire building. It is
possible that this ward may be reopened
{ in a few days, but this would be but a
I temporary relief. The capacity of the
building has already been reached.
There are now 393 patients in tho hospi
tal, the largest number in its history.
Three cases applied for admission yes
terday. The resident pnysician rejected
two of them because he was unable to
house the patients. The third was an
emergency affair and the sick man was
accommodated by resurrecting some old
beds from the basement and drawing on
the maternity war i for some bed clothing.
In two of the wards the operating-rooms
»ye been transformed into sick chambers.
The transfer of the maternity ward to the
children's nursery has left the little ones
no place to romp but the big long corri
dors.
There are now fully 100 cases in th»
hospital that properly reiong to the Alms
house. This number "is made up of chronic
sick and infirm, whose condition while not
serious enough to warrant their detention
in an emergency institution sum as a
hospital is designed to bo is yet of such a
nature as to make it impossible to turn
them adrift. Now the Aimshouse is lull
in the fullest sense of the word. .Inmates
are sleeping on the floor, unable to get
beds, and relief in this direction Superin
tendent Reddy declares is out of the
question.
A woman applied for admission to the
j hospital the other day. yhe was given
refuge in an improvised room, but the
resident physician has mnce refused three
similar applications. The Receiving Hos
pital has been temporarily Tressed into
sfirvic?, but there is danger, too, ihat its
capacity will be all required in a day or
i so. Then this big town will have no shei
; ter for its unfortunate sick.
The Board of ileaith'is at its wits' end
in the dilemma. Every effort js being
made to relieve the congestion by having
the sewers temporarily repaired under the
maternity ward, but to do this it will be
necessary to draw on the general funds of
the buiiding, and the appropriation is al
most exhausted. While contractors have
been grossly overcharging for insignificant
repairs, the sick and unfortunate hive
found the doors closed to them. Unless
ttie maternity war. can be reopened by
February 1, the Board of Health will de
clare lhe City and County Hospital close.l
to further comers.
It is conceded that had the repnirs ap
propriation b»en carefully expended tins
emergency would not have arisen. The
drainage of two of the wards could have
been improved i-o as to render them
habitable for any case. Should the re
ceiving hospital become overcrowded the
City will either have to p vide some tem
porary emergency shelter or become re
sponsible lor criminal neglect in the mat
ter of its sicfe.
The investigation of the book 1 * is pro
gressing. The neglect of ex-Sieward
R >binson to close up his records for De
cember renders it very liiflicult to proceed
alone the lines of probing n.t i the way in
which supp.ies were purchased. Rotrin
son w;ib yesterday requested again to bal
ance his accounts, but gave an evasive
answer.
It is rumored that Contractor Mulcreavy
may attempt to justuy Ins false measure
ments for concrete work by arguing ttiat
the cement is of extra thickness. The
other people who tad contracts for repairs
have remained silent.
Tue Board of Health will probably hold
a special meeting the coming week to dis
cuss the advisability of appealing to the
Grand Jury.
Franklin Cli c le, C. of F.
Franklin Circle, Companions of the Forest,
A. O. F., were installed iv public in Foresters'
Hall last Friday by Mrs. Louise Hardenburgh,
assisted by Mrs. L. J. Bacon and Mr. Haack.
The new officer* are: Past chief companion,
Mrs. 8. 41. Smitn; chief companion,
Mrs. C. Kohnke; sub chief companion, Mr.-,.
1* Ford; uaasurer, MissH. L. Wooli; liuancial
secretary, Mrs. M. C. Lyon; recording secre
tary, Mrs. H. Boruemun ; right guide, Mrs. F.
O. Whlttain; left guide, Mrs. M. Hohnen; in
side guard, Mrs. C. Btackmore; outside guard,
Miss V. Archer.
Alter the installation Miss Ddlia Burns gave
a piano soio; Miss Trypiicnia Pr tcnard, a.reci
tuuon; Master Russell Loimry, vucai solo;
Juiiel Turpin, Higbland fling. Then followed
a dance and refreshments.
Gurman Keel Men.
The eleven local lodges of the German or
ganization known as the Independent Order
of Red Men gave an annual masquerade ball
at Saratoga Hall last night. Tnere was a largo
attendance of masqueraders . atiired in
every conceivable costume, who filled the
prettily decorated hail and made merry until
tne small hours of morning. Johu Tiedeman
w«t> the chairman of ilie committee of ar
rangements; C. Muender. vice-pre. ident; R.
Will, treasurer, and J. Frieske, secretary. R.
Kaiser was the floor manager.
St. Patrick's Alllauce.
State President Roouay lias installed the fol
lowea-nanied as' officers of Excelsior Alliance
No. 11 oi St. Pamck's Alliance of America:
U. J. Caveney, P. ; J. KulilVftu, ri. V. P. ; Maurice
J. Kavauaugh, J. V. P. ; James Devmc, F. S. ;
R. Wilson, R. S. ; D. Collins, T. ; J. Brosnan,
S. r.t A. l)r. A. A. Maguire and M. Dolan were
cuosen as delegates to the htate convention.
Ancient Older Foresters.
The foLowlug- named have been installed as
ollk-ers of Courc Occidental: W. E. Carroll, C.
X.; A. N. McPherson, P. C. R.; C. J. King,
8. C. R. ; James Jackson, T. ; J. Henderson,
F. S. ; \V. Wallace, R. S. ; R. D. Cunningham,
S. W.; J. T. Tiual. J. W\; J. P. Ross, S. B. ;
Joseph Baiter, J. B. ; F. C. HerricK, organist;
Dr. Boushey, physician.
Knocked Down by a Car.
Burnett G. Haskell. attorney at 331 Mont
gomery street, jumped off a car at Twenty
lirst and Mission streets last night In front of
a car going in the opposite direction, He was
Knocked down and dragged along some dis
tance. He was picked up and taken to ' the
Receiving Hospital, where it was found mat
be had a lacerated wound 01 the scalp and bad
sustained possible internal injuries.
For business men or country merchants
the Kuss House is t^e best place in S. F.*
WILL HAVE TO
WALK NO MORE
Adequate Street Railway
Service Premised Carl-
Street Residents.
An Enterprising Improvement
Club Induces the Company
to Make Concession.
The Board of Supervisors Petitioned
by Property-Owners to Grant
the Franchise.
The residents of the district south of
the Panhandle, or at least that portion of
the district whose interests are looked
after by the Astibury Heights and
Stanyan-street Improvement Club, be
lieve that after much contention they are
on the eve of bavins an adequate street
railway service, and they are consequently
elated.
For many months past the service in
this district has been distressingly meager
aim irregular. At one time the Market
street Railway Company took the cars off
Carl street entirely, and arier much
protest consented to make a few trips at
remote intervals during the day. The
residents protested vigorously, and finally
instituted a suit to have the franchise of
the old Metropolitan road annulled.
This had its effect, for the railroad com
pany consented to listen to their de
mands, and after consultation with the
improvement clubs and other property
owners, the company agreed to give
a satisfactory service if a franchise could
be secured for a road a few blocks more
extensive than that which tbey now hold.
A meeting of the Ashbury Heights and
Stanyan-sireet Improvement Club va<
held at 137 Curl street last evening to take
final stens in the matter.
Fred J. Koster, president of the club,
slated that the object of the meeting was
to petition trie Board of Supervisors to
grant the Market-street Railway Company
a franchise enabling it to operate a street
railway on Masonic avenue, between Oak
and Pace streets; also on Clayton street,
from Frederick to Carl, thence to Cole
street. Heexplained that the matter was
expected to come before the board to
morrow.
E. N. Fritz said that he had seen the
franchise, which provided for a fifteen
minute service. "I objected to ihut," he
' said, ''and Mr, Lyncn assured me that
| there would be a ten-minute service.
j They will change the franchise in regard
I to the limit ;or completing the ro;id from
three year?, as they first contemplated, to
I ninety days."
A resolution calling upon the board to
grant the franchise a; prepared was read
by D. L. West over and, after some discus
: sion, was passed unanimously. A peti-
I ton to ihe same effect which had been
' cirru!ated among property-owners and
, numerously signed was also subscribed
\ by the members of the cub.
The dis.rict to be affected by the in
! creased transportation facilities is one o
j the most rapidly improving sections of
j the City, and the residents feel that the
I assurance which they now have of a regu
i lar street railway service will be a great
j benefit to the community. The Improve
nient Club, which has been very active in
agitating the matter, is officered by Fred
J. Knster, president; W. B. Walkup, vice
president; A. J. Fritz, secreiary, and F.
M. Lang«>, treasurer. It has an enthusiastic
men. bership. ,_
ALL KINDS OF POLITICS.
The Municipal Campaign Develops Into
a Go-A«-You-PleH»e Contest.
Oakland Office San FraScisco Call, >
908 Broadway, Jan. 23. )
Every club or organization political is
now bursting into new life for the March
election. Independent candidates are
running around with petitions, politicians
of all creeds have announced that the
exigencies of the moment demand that
party lines cannot be considered in
municipal politics, and a lively campaign
is assured.
Although Mr. Towle, who was the
opponent of Captain Thomas in the Re
publican convention for Mayor, has stated
that he will not run independently,
there is a vague idea in the air that the
Municipal League will nomihate him for
the office now held by Davie and that he
wiil be forced, through the importunities
of friends, to run as a candidate.
This evening J. W, Dutton, president of
the Navy and Army Bryan Free-silver
League, gathered together the members
and held a meeting in Becker's Hall. A
general discussion was held as to the
po-ition the league should take in local
politics, but nothing definite was decided
upon, and the league will meet again next
week.
It is, however, given out that the leazue
will indorse the independent candidacy
of John L. Davie.
The Municipal League will certainly
take a hand in the campaign, which wiJl
probably consist of drawing up a platform
and indorsing all those candidates who
will pledge themselves to accept it. They
will meet next Tueadav night to perfect
their arrangements. r
Among the county officials there is no
more harmony tban among municipal
oilice-holders. County Clerk Jordan bas
induc-d Senator Stratton to introduce a
bill in the Lagislature referring to the
rrenaration oi the military roll. County
Assessor Dalton does not view the pro
rosed measure with any approval but
Jordan has statea that if Dalton attacks
the bill or tries to prevent its passage be
will take up th • light in another direction
and will take steps to diminish the emolu
ments of the Assessor's office.
The proposed hill is of interest to every
Assessor and County Clerk in the State.
"It h a very simple measure and its pas
sage would be but justice to the County
Clorks throughout the State," said Mr.
Jordan to-day. "As the old law stands
now it provides that the County Assessor
shall prepare the roll ana deliver it to
the County Clerk, who, after its approval
by the Supervisors, must m»ke two copies
to send one each to the adjutant-general
and the briga-iier-general. Tne Assessor
receives 5 cents a name, or about $1000 a
year for this roll-making, bat the County
Clerk is ocliged to prepare two copies
with no compensation whatever.
"The bill as introduced instructs the
Assessor to make triplicate copies when
the first is prepared and deliver the orig
inal, with two corrected ones, to the
Clerk. After the Board of Supervisors
makes the necessary corrections, which
amounts to little, the Cierk certifies to
the roll as required.
"The matter is just this way: The As
sessors can use typewriters* and make
three copies at the same time, without
any additional expense. It works no
hardship on them, but it does to the
County Clerks wao receive nothing for
the extra labor Derformed oy them while
the A>ses3ors are more than liberally c m
pensated.
"The County Clerks all over this State
have made a protest against what they
claim is an unfair law. They are all in
iavor of the amendment introduced hv
Senator Stratton." uy
German shorthand-writers rarely take
down at a speed of more than forty-five
words a minute J nye
SIGNS OF WINTER
BOOM TRAVEL
The Number of Arrivals
Increasing and Hotels
Doing Well.
But the Tide From the East Is
Late and Is Always so After
a Campaign.
The Rise in Wheat, Beef and Wina
Has Greatly Stimuated tha
Coast Travel.
Altbouch the winter boom in travel does
not usually set in before February 1, there
has been something of an increase in the
arrivals here for some little time. It is
believed that from this on there will be a
considerably greater increase in travel.
Local or California and coast travel has
been stimulated by the higher prices for
wheat, beef and wine. The producers of
beef have been especially in evidence here
during the Jast two or three week*. As
they always have their pockets full of
money and buy things with a good deal of
freedom, they are welcomed with fully
the usual amount of cordiality. V
While the experiences of hotel pro- f
prieiors are different, as are the hotels
from each other, a better business is, on
the average, noticeable. Ai the Palace it
is stated tiiat while the arrivals have not
during the winter been heavy, neither
have the departures. Those that cam*
have siayed, and the hotel has been kept
pretty well tilled right a.ong.
Colonel Young of the Rubs House said
yesterday in regard to tne increase of
travel: "It is picking up a good, deal. It
is not as good as it was a year ago, but it
has begun to improve noticeably in the
last few days. Tourists from the East and
minimr men, cattlemen and business m<sn
have b"en on the increase. The outlook:
is better than it has been for some time."
George Hooper of the Occidental said
that business was pretty fair, nut not quite
as good as last year. "The travel is later,"
he continued, "and it is the same way in
Southern California. The chances are it
will hold on longer. But business is good.
We have had a full house for a mouth
past. People are staving well."
"Travel is a shaje better now than it has
been, said Manager Some of the Lick;
"but the East has not started yet. Local
travel is belter. It will be better generally
from this op for a while, and I think it is
conceded that it will improve, because we
have big crops everywhere and the mines
are, generally speaking, doing well. 1 '
The Cali;ornia and Baldwin are re
ported to be doing a pretty good business.
Of the Grand, Manager Thorn yesterday
sai.i:
"Looking ahead at present 1897 looks
well after March and the inauguration
ceremonies. Travel ought to bo consider
ably increased by the proposed Golden
Gate Carnival and several National gather
ings here, prominent among which is the
Christain Endeavor convention, second
week in July. Ail will tend to increase
our number of visiiors. We are now re
ceiving some considerable benefit by traTf i
incidental to the present >ession of the
Legislature, hut our trade is not up to the
•years of 1890-91-92, probably on account of
(^construction of so many family hotels."BILLS AFFECTING
LOCAL INDUSTRIES
They Are Considered by
the Associated Manu
facturers.
P. J. Healy's Powerful Plea for
Preserving the State Min
ing Bureau.
Proposed Acts Regulating Sanitation
and Pure Food Approved by
the Council
The Council of Associated Industries
met yesterday in the Mills buHding and
tooK action on various bills affecting Cali
fornia trade and manuhicturing and other
interests. Julian Sountag occupied the
chair, and E. A. Denicke, James W. Kerr,
W. W. Montague, I. Jacobs, P. J. Healy,
U. N. Rowley, K. P. Heald and L. F.
Lastreto were present
The committee appointed by the council
to consider the bill regarding the appoint
ment of a State food commissioner and
assistants made the following report,
which was adopted:
We have come to the unanimous conclusion
thai this a question oi the most vital impor
tance to the Male. The use aud sale of adul.
-teraied foods of all kinds Is prevalent 10 an
extraordinary degree. We have discovered
that there are many laws on the statute boots !
hptiinsi this terrible evil to our people, the
State and its interests. In fact, no further
lawe on the subject are necessary, as the pres
ent laws luily cover the situation if they were
fca :orced.
We are confronted with the fact that for the
first time in the history of tnis State this sub
ject is receiving vigorous attention through
the work inaugurated by the Board of Heal t n
of this City, bui have come to the conclusion
that ironi actual investigation the p-irties
guilty of these great iraud.s on the public will
never receive their ju^t dues in tne present
manner of handling these cases before the
Police Courts of this City.
We will cite, as an instance, that twenty ar
!■• sts m the past two weeks by the Chiet Food
Inspector of this City tor adulteration in milk
resulted in seventeen acquittals and three con
victions, the latter being fined without any
alternative of imprisonment, resulting in
practically no fine at all. It is apparent to j
you.- committee that couvictions catmo: be
obtained nnlesa through and by the efforts of j
general public opinion, voiced, us it should be,
through the editorial columns oi the press of
this City. Several of our leading newspapers
tuok up ihis subject some time since,
but spasmodic and iar-bitween efforts will not i
accomplish results, 'ihe Judges will become i
lax when public interest cea*< 6, and the press
is the great engine that can carry this work
through to a successful issue.
Tnere are four Police Court? in this City, the
calendars ure irequent'y crowded, and 'sand- i
wiched in between drunts, battery, etc,
are the cases of violation oi I'ood-adulteratiou
laws.
The Board of Health of this City has no
attorney to prosecute these cases in the Police
Court.-, and n it had, it would take up near.y
The entire time ana attention oi the attorney.
Therefore they are frequently dismissed witn
<>ut a hearing, either to.rough political in
fluence or a lack oi prosecution.
Your committee suggests that more efficient
results could be obtainei it one Police Court
would try all this character of cases, and
thereby the Judge would become familiar with
the work.
It is quite possible that in a short time
there may be sufficient work in this line to
keep one of the courts busy nearly the entire
time. Tile question is, Can one 01 the Police ■
Judges be found who will undertake this |
brunch of criminal cases? At present we are |
told none of ihe''fudge» care particularly to
handle them, and the cases, are bandied
around from one to the other.
It is apparent to your committee that the j
subject if food adulteration is not generally !
recognieed as being of the importance mat it I
16. In many instances human lives depend
upon the purifying of our food products, and ]
in other instances many of our industries and i
manufactures and the reputation of our State
is at state. The question then is whether this
great movement is worthy of attention from
our people and the Dress, or should it be rele
gated to the background in favor oi matters of
minor importance?
We recommend that the Council of Asso
ciated Industries of this State appoint b pure- I
food committee, to consist of one member se- I
lectea from each of the organizations em
braced in its geDsral membership, the said
committee to look into the subject of general
food adulteration nnJ to act, if necessary, in
an advisory capacity with such bodies os
may be charged with the enforcement of laws
oa the subject. We further lecommend that
a communication be addressed to the different
organizations comprised in the membership
of this council, inclosing a copy of this report,
and asking them to decare themselves regard- j
Ing this important subject.
Your committee further recommends that
the bill referred to them as amended be in
dorsed by this council.
We believe that there should be some re
sponsible head to this movement in this State.
A State Commissioner wouM suon district j
the State so tnat the work could be carried on !
In a systematic and thorough manner.
According to the bill as amended, every Dis- !
trict Attorney and ProsecutiDg Attorney in j
the State would become an agent of tne !
in the enforcement of the laws against the!
adulteration in rood, drink or drugs.
This system has been working -successfully
In many of the Eastern and Western States,
notabiv in Ohio, where the plan has been la
pucceshful operation for the past ten years, re
sulting in thousands of convictions yearly.
The proposed bill aims to provide efficient in- j
spection and prosecution throughout the Slate j
by making three inspection districts—North- !
em. Central and Southern .California. Yours, i
very truly, P. J. Heai.y, Chairman. •
Isidob Jacobs.
B. N. Rowley.
J. M. Wii-Liamsok, M.D.
The bills originated by the Board of
Health authorizing boards of health to
NEW TO-DAY.
Jj MUG CO.
W CUT-RATE
JIL DRUGGISTS,
1128 Market Street, Snn Francilro
Corner Tenth and Broadway, Oakland.
320 South Spring treat, Lou Angeles.
STOP THAT COUGH!
Dr. Ira Baker's Cough Balsam Cures
Any Cold.
Samp]« Fie*
HOT-WATER BOTTLES-
KTeiy One Guaranteed.
2-Quart 7i)c
8-Quart 75c
»-Quart 80.5
100-P»ee Catalog!!** Muil<-<l Free
TRUSSES.. lsl.oo
SILK ELASTIC; $2 00
STOCKINGS. J*^ uo
K«t Guaranteed.
Qnlnlne, 1 -ounce 1 1 in 50c
Quinine I ills, a grains, l or 100 30c
Qu vi c Mils. 8 (trains, per 100 40c
Hermitage Wliisky, quarts 75c
Allen's Malt Whisicy 85c
Canadian Club Wliliky $1
Baker's Cod Liver Oil KinulsiOn..., ,750
jinlccr's Norway Cod Liver oil ....60c
Extract Witch Hax*i, pints Hike
Chest Prot*ctori, full size 50c
' TniH« Cniuloeue Mailed Freo,
I'lnkham'i Comi ouna 6r>c
l'aine'i Celery Cooipotind BOc
Boost's Emulsion . 05<:
PACIFIC COAST A«EXTS
DR. EDISON'S OBESITY GOODS,
ril,Ls, SALTS A\D BANDS.
Write for Circular.
issue subyvnas for witnesses and compel
attendance of witnesses beiore such
boards, and also to confer upon these
boards power to adopt and pass ordinances
relating to sanitation, were discussed.
James W. Kerr protested that the bills
gave too* much power to boards of health;
the power of enacting laws seemed too
sweeping.
I. Jacobs cited the present scandal of
the City and County Hospital, where ne
said "the most flagrant thefts and rob
beries have been committed in the past
few months," but ihe Board of Health
wa« powerless to investigate them.
\V. ">V. Montague said that the City
should not be run by a boaru of health;
these bilis ho deemed too sweeping in
their character. Bht the following reso
lutions were adopted:
WHXBEAB, There are two bills now pending
beiore vie Legislature in relation to ihe pow
ers 01 the Hoards ol Health in the cities and
counties of tn's State: 'he i»aid bills are A«
sembly t.iUs ;!74 and 375 and Senate bills 3J.9
and 3JH); n i;<i whereas, it is manifest that
Boards or Health should have the necessnry
authority to deal with all matters concerning
the public health of the community tind to
have the authority to issue subpenas and sum
mon witnesses in investigations held before it;
therefore, be it
Resolved, 13y the Council of Associated In
dustries, thßt v>o recommend to the Legisla
ture the adoption of the bills enumerated
heretofore, as we consider them vitally neces
sary to the best interests of public health in
this State.
Jicsoivcd, Further, that a copy of these reso
lutions be sent to the judiciary committees of
the Senate and Assembly, to the Speaker of
the House, to the Pres.deut of the Senate and
to each member of the .Senate ami Assembly,
urging their lavorable action in this matter.
E. A. Denicke moved that the committee
indorse the bill appropriating $70,000 for
the California display in the Om.iha Exhi
bition of 1898. The motion was carried.
The bill indorsed by the Miners' Asso
ciation and now before the Legislature
was submitted by Montague. He said it
was necessary to nmend the bill which
appropriated "$250,000 for construction of
debris impounding dams to make it con
fcrm with the United States Government
requirements in order that the $_5O,0(.O ap
propriated by Congress might be secured.
The amendmeuts were favored by a unani
mous vote.
Montague presented a bill now before
the Legislature. It gives power to citizens
of other States to attach for debts in Cali
fornia. "While it looks very nice on its
face," said Mr. Montague, "the effect of
tin- bill would be to increase the of
Eastern men in California, because it
would protect them in their dealings. If
they sell goods here at siny days, they
collect by draft, and if that, be not forth
coming they levy an attachment right off.
We know here that 2 per centum of the
country merchants pay promptly. East
ern men care nothing abotit our customers,
whom we carry from one season to an
other. This seems to me to bean infamous
bill, fathered by the Code Commission
ers "
"A rocky bill," interrupted the chair.
"We can't go into another Slate and put
on an attachment," continued Montague.
"This thine; is done in the interest of
Eastern men; it would Have the effect of
bursting up half the merchants ot Cali
fornia."
The council declared itself opposed to
the proposition. Messrs. Kerf and Row
ley were appointed a committee to confer
with Assemblymen and the Miners' Asso
ciation on the matter.
An act to amend an act entitled "An
act appropriating $40,000 for the purpose
of the establishment and management of
the Industrial Home for Mechanical
Trades for the Adult BMnd of t::e State of
California," approved March 5, ISBS, and
prescribing the duties of ti.e officers
thereof and of the State officers in refer
ence thereto was approved by the council.
P. J. Healv introduced the question of
the Mining Bureau. He wanted the bu
reau preserved for this City as an educa
tional factor. "It is our duty," he added,
"as citizens of this City and State, to pre
serve this bureau in its present scope of
action, and rather than have its appropri
ation curtailed we ought to petition the
Legislature for an increased appropriation
for it, and to make that allowance perma
nent, that the work of the bureau may be
continuous in its action. In this connec
tion it has been a mistake for San Fran
cisco not to insist on a State buildins, in
which all State departments should be
housed."
He moved that Mr. Montague be re
quested to bring upthe matter bafore the
Miners' Association at its next session,
and the motion was earned.
A resolution was carried in the interest
of the fight against convict-made articles
imported to California.
WILD WITH GEIEF.
Sirs. Louise Huntir Searching for the
Father of Her Children.
The officers of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelly to Children have in
hand a case not entirely devoid of inter
est, inasmuch as it involves the care of
five little children who to a great extent
have been thrown upon the cold charity
of the world. About a week ago a Mrs.
Louise Hunter arrived from Eureka, Cal.,
with two little children, and she took
from a children's home in Oakland three
other of her offspring who had been there
for a year or so. Bhe took her little ones,
who range in ages from 14 to 3 years, to
a room oa First street, near Howard,
where she lived in seclusion, seidom leav
ing her apartments. The family was pro
vided with food by the landlady, but
within a day or so the case r ached the
ears of the officers of the humane society,
who at once made an investigation.
To them Mrs. Hunter stated that her
husband, Fremont Hunter, a lumberman,
deserted her in Eureka about the lime of
the disappearance of a woman named Mc-
Grill. That was abotv three months ago
and she came to San Francisco in hopes of
finding the man. She believed from what
she can learn ih.st he did not stop here
long but went to Mexico. One of the girls
she hired out to a tamale man in Alameda
for ?5 a month and the socie;y's officers
are now hunlin" for the child, who is but
9 years of age. Yesterday when the officers
called upon Mrs. Hunter they found her
in a condition that warranted them in
sending the woman to the Receiving
Hospital. They fear that her sorrow has
caused her to re>ort to opiates or stimu
lants. At any rate she is not fit to take
care of the children, three of whom were
?ent to the YouthV Directory. The doc
tors advise that Mrs. Hunter be sent to
the City and County Hospital.
A SPURIOUS DIVOKCE.
The Charge of Bigamy Agnlnst Charles
I>. Dinckiey Is Dismissed.
Charles D. Dmckley, an old man charged
with bigamy, had his case dismissed by
Judge Joachimsen yesterday as it was
shown that he had acted in good faith in
marrying his second wile.
In 1893 Dinckiey employed a man named
Collins to procure a divorce for him. Col
lins represented himself a3 an attorney
and Dinckiey paid him a fee of $50. In a
few days Collins handci Dinckiey a docu
ment signed "JuciKe Proutt," which he
slated wrs a decree of divorce. The docu
ment was produced in court by Attorney
Walter Gallagher, who represented the de
fendant and the J udf;e saw at once how
easily a man of DmcU: ley's education had
been imposed upon.
Witnesses were put upon the stand to
testify to Dinckiev's good character and
the Juilge said he failed to see any crim
inal intent and dismissed the case.
■Woman's Ires* Association.
The regular social meeting of the Pacific
Coast Woman's Press Association will be held
in Shasta Hull, N. S. G. W. building, to-morrow
a: 2:30. The programme, under the direction
of Mrs. Frances Fuller Victor, embraces the
following numbers: Paper, "Among the
Alaskan*," Mrs. Maria- Freeman Gray; poem
(original), "A Greeting to the Frist," Miss
Harriet M. Skidmore; paper, "The Army
Woman,". Mr.«. J. J. O'Connell; recitation, Mrs.
Frances I;. Kdt;erton: paper, "Across Some
Pleasant ThreßhoLls," Mrs. M. V. T. Lawrence.
Musical selections will bo rendered by the
following: Miss Margner.te o'Conneil, Mile-
H. Chamoude St. Hubert, Mine. L. Steffani,
Professor J himssen and Professor Zllllarie.
THE SAN FR AS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
SPOOKS SAY THAT
BUTLER IS BAD
He Carries Along a Small
Arsenal on the Swan
hilda.
Jack the Ripper's Spirit Has
Warned Him of the Wait
ing Sleuths.
Guns May Pop and a Whole Barrel of
Ammunition Be Fired Off Before
He Yields.
Another class of visitors has found
Meiggs wharf, and unlike the others they
come not to question but to inform. With
an innpr eye they have followed the Swan
hilda in her wanderings over the South
Pacific across the great equatorial belt and
up throujjh the northern latitudes. They
are me spirits, whether of just men made
perfect or not they bave noi told, but ac
cording to their deep-sea yarns they are
marine observers of a high visual power.
Yesterday two of these tourist spooks
are alleged to have fluttered down to the
Meiggs wharf police station and in the
persons of their medium, who only was
visible to the mortals on the dock, gave a
message that made glad the hearts of
watching detectives.
The Swanhilda, the medium said, is
now only a few miles off s-bore, and will
be sighted to-day even by human eyes.
Butler is on board of the ship, and await
ing the approach of the revenue cutter
and the arresting officers as anxiously as
they are for his coming.
Furthermore, the spirits say, through
the medium, Butler is "heeled." 10 use a
very earthy term, for his visitors, and will
shower a large cargo of cold lead around
their ears when they draw near the Swan
hilda's gangway.
One mystic old party, with his unseen
familiar, interviewed McHattie, and while
with the Ausiralian detective went into a
trance. He said Butler had been notified
by the spook of Jack the Kipper that the
officers were waiting for him and the first
man who stepped aooard of the Swan
hilda to arrest him will dip, as Butier is
armed with a revolver, a rifle and a dag
ger, in his bunk he has four other guns
and a barrel of ammunition.
When be goes aloft to help handle a
sail he carries his three weapons with him
and leaves them in the top while he lavs
out on the yard. When he takes his trick
at the wheel l\e places his battery on the
binnacle for instant use. He advised the
officers to make the arrest in the Caman
che or some other armored cruiser instead
<>f the peaceable revenue cutter Hartley.
Deputy United States Marshal Bouner
will take the matter under advisement.
The British ship Morialta arrived yes
terday from Newcastle and was quickly
boaraed by the officers for news. She
sailed seventeen days before the Swau
hiida and was seventy-eight days out.
Her skipper, Capiain Lindsav, could give
bo information regarding Butler or his
ship. The Morialta experienced much
n u^h weather and head winds, which
held her back for a long passage. Some
damage was done the vessel by the seas
that boarded her and the cargo shifted in
the heavy rolling.
II the Swannilda caught the same gales
her absence may in a measure be ac
counted for.
According to a report in the Melbourne
i Age, Captain Petrie of British ship Olive-
I bank, which is now due from Newcastle,
j will have a tale to tell of Butler when the
i vessel geis in. The published statement
; in the Melbourne journal is to the effect
that Butler, under the name of Richard
Ashe, came to Newcastle on the Oiivebniik
in 1893, having shipped at Rio Janeiro.
i He was very troublesome aboard ship and
i threatened to kill Captain Petrie.
For this he was sentenced to one month's
imprisonment and served that length of
! time in jail. Butler is reported by a for
| nier :»hipmate to have said that if he ever
j met Petrie again he would blow tnat skip
' per's brains out. If be has arms aboard
I the Swanhilda, or can procure some k;nd
j ot a weapon for defense, he will in all
j probability make a reckless, and of course
I a losing, fight when the detectives over
' haul the Swanhilda. However, he will
meet with a warm reception should he
object seriously to his visitors.
In the meantime the Mei^gs wharf
I squad are preparing for their usual Sun
| day clam chowder dinner, which will be
! served in the afternoon watch to-day.
j Sergeant Bonner is a famous chef along
I the~chowder line and McHattie will take
! a recipe for the toothsome mixture when
he returns to Australia with Butler.
The Morialta, a brigantine Lark from
j Newcastle, N. S. W., got in last night, af
ter a passage of seventy-seven days' dura
tion. She reported heavy winds and in one
place a high cross-sea, which shifted the
cargo. Her captain does not report hav
ing spoken or even seen the much looked
for STranhilda. The latter vessel ha? only
been out sixty-three days and probably has
| encountered much of the same class of
weather. Following is the full memoran
dum filed by the captain ot the Morialia:
Per Morialta, British bark, from Newcastle,
N. S. \V.. January 23— Sailed from Newcastle,
N. S. W., on November.7; had south-southwest
winds to latitude 32 south, longitude 108 west;
hnd south-southeast winds to latitude 28
south'; had easterly and variable winds to
latitude 13 south; had northeast and easterly
winds to latitude 6 south ; crossed the equator ■
on December 14 in longitude 157.21 west;
had strong northeast winds and gales lrom
latitude 0 south to latitude 21 north; on De
cember 24, In atitude 19 north, lo.igltude 161
nest, had a very heavy east-northeast gale
lasting forty-eight hours, with a very high
cross sea, shitted cargo to port. These gales
THE CAT AND THE COCOANUTS.
After all. Con Mooney's cat may not be the ferocious beatt that Secretary Hol
brook of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals believes.
"Your Honor," s-aid Attorney Treadwell, Con's counsel, to Judge Conlan,
"we would like to call your attention to the fact that this cat in ques
tion, held as evidence, was a meek and mild feline of a back-fence domesticated
nature. Since its term of detention in the dark corridors beneath this hall, where
it has been viewed by scores of people daily, and where the trusties In charge
have helped to pone it into a frenzy with aggravating sticks and canes, the poor
animal has become wild, indeed.
"It would be Dut a humone act to allow Mr. Mooney, my client and the owner
of the bat, to take iiim or her awa}\ Therefore, I beg, in the name of humanity,
that an order to that effect be issued."
"Where did you ever see a cat like that in a domesticated condition, Mr.
Treadwell?" asked Jude;e Conlan.
"In Mexico, your Honor!" exclaimed Mr. Treadwell; "where we purrel
almost side by side in our youth beneath tne cocoanut tree."
"I expect po, 1 ' answered his Honor. "There are about as many cocoanut trees
in your country as there are tame cats, Buch as that ugly b^ast in the cage down
stairs. AH right; I'll give you an order to remove the cat, providing lam as
sured it will not be allowed to enter into any controversy with dogs or other ani
mals. We may possibly nee lit in evidence whsn this case comes up again."
An amusing part of the proceedings when Cornelius Mooney was before the
bar to answer on a charge of attempting to bring off a fight between a cat and a
dog is that there was no attorney ready to conduct the prosecution. Attorneys
Dud'ey, Lawler, Rix, Pinjo, Gray, Qainlan and others having been requested to
act in vain.
The difficulty struck Judge Conlan in auch a humorous way that he laugh
ingly remarked :
"It is evident that every attorney within a radius of four blocks has been re
tained by Mr Mooney. The case will, therefore, go over until Thursday, that
Mr. Holbrook may get some one to represent him."
The cat has been removed from the jail to Mooney's more comfortable quar
ters at Sierra Pars, on the road to Baden.
lasted until December 29, in latitude 2B nortD,
longitude ltil 52 west, where we had a very
heavy south-southwest gate with a very heavy
northeast sea; on December 30 had a very
heavy easterly gale, hauling to south-south
east, wiLU a very high, contused sea. the ves
sel, rolling heavily, and carried away the crane
ot the lower maintopsail yard; the yard fell
about twelve feet; had northwest and north,
east galos to latitude 31 north; had easterly
and north-northeast winds and. gales to the
Farallones.
TEE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks closed the week higher as a rule,
with fair tradinz alter the boards. . Con. Cal. &
Va soM up t3 $2 SO, Chollar to $1 10 and the rest
in propcrilon.
The Savage assessment falls delinqusnt in the
board to-morrow..
The .Pacific Auxil'ary Fir? Alarm Company has
re-elected .Louis Slois Jr. president and W. Han
son secretary. IU-gular quarterly dividends were
paid during the year.
The Pacific Lighting Company has re-elected
the oht board of directors, with J. M. Livingston
as president anil C O. (>. Miiler secretary and
j treasurer. Monthly dividends ot 35c per share
were paid during the year.
The r port of the operations of the Savtge Min
ing Company lnila gronndon the Comstock and la
the Brunswick lode for the week is as follows:
Comstock lode— On the 750 level the north drift
started at a point 60 feet west from the shaft in
the main west drift has been advanced 17 feet,
face In porphyry and small stringers of quartz;
total length 120 teeu On the 850 level in the
main south drift at a point 105 feet south of No. 3
east crosscut, ea-t ensscut No. 4 was advanced
10 feet for the week, total length 15 feet: face in
porphyry. West cro»seur. N>. 8 started opposite
east crosscut No. 4 was advanced ;0 feet during
the week, total length 15 feet; face in low-grade
quartz. On the 500 levelewe have cleaned oui mid
repaired the main west drift a distance of 165
iet-t from tbe suaft, 15 feet being covered during
tbe werk, passing through heavy Clay, Bruns
wick lode— Shtifi No. 2: on the 500 level we have
completed the chutes and are now openlna the
station. 400 level— The joint Savuge-Norcrosa
north drifi was advanced 16 feet, total length 109
feet orth of oursontti boundary; face in porphyry
and stringers of quartz.
It i« said ihßt tlio stock of the new San Fran-
I Cisco (ias and Electric Company wl I becalled for
'. the tirsl time at the Htocic and Bond Kxchang ■•
i tills week. No dlvidenls will oa paid by ihe new
company until Marc i 2, owing to tbe great cleri
cal labor. On thai date two dlviden is of 50 cents
each, for January and February, making • ! In all,
will be paiil, and thereafter the dividends will be
at the rate of BO cjuU per share monthly.
An cAfflclsJ telegram m>m the superintendent of
the Consolidated California nnd Virginia reports
that nineteen tons of ore. assaying $43 48 per ton,
were extiacieti from the old slopes above the 1750
l»vel during the week.
Following Are the Highest Price* Dar
ing the Past Week.
Alpha
Alta -..
Andes ......
Belcher.,
Best A Belcher. .
Bullion ......
Caledonia
Challenge
ChoUar...-
Con. Cal A Va. .
Confidence
Crown Point. . .
Gould A Curry.
Hale A Norcrosi
Mexican
Ophlr
Overman
Occidental
Potosi.
Savage
Beg. Belcher...
"•tandarrt ..
Sierra Nevada..
Union.
Utah
Yellow Jacket
1.3.
1.45
Hit
.85 1.7 C 1.60 2.0!
.31 1.20 1.161 111
44 38 37 31
65 50 62 6!
.4! 1.25 1.26 1.31
60 61 tO 61
.40 1.15 1.20 1.8
It 17 15 I',
18 lfc 15 It
7; BE 61 61
3. 2* 28 2!
IS 11 11 1«
.5 1.5 d 1.40 1.41
.'8 49 61 61
5. 45 46 4!
07 05 05 0<
42 88. 37 3'
l
0'
in
l:
1.25
61
1.15
17
lfc
BE
I.'
1.:
i
l
1
4'
i
t
14
09
20
41
82
OH
13
56
1.10
2.30
1.25
37
56
1.35
55
1.30
16
20
66
81
09
1.60
56
50
04
39
1.40
It
18
7.
3.
IS
1.5
.'8
5.
1.2
1!
II
1!
1.51.
4'
Following were 'lie tales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
i REGUI.AB MORNING SKSSIOX, COMMENCING 9:80.
1 lOOAndes 19:550 CCfcV...2.26|3JJ 0ph1r...1.30
800 Eelcner..-41 100 2.2* 25) t'0t03i_...65
1 700 BAB 80 SOU C 1>01m....5eI > 01m....5e AVO 66
500 8u11i0n... .06 «00J U * V... 58 300 savm:e...3o
400 UiOir...l It 1100 H&N...1.56 200 a N'T 56
• 100 .. ..*..'... 1.05 100 Mcx 55 tOO ...55
1 100 C0nn.. ..1.251200 Ophlr... 1.251200 i JaO*i...S9
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
JIKOt'I.AR SFSRION— IO:3O.
3no Alpha 14-500 C NY. ..0-1 ,'OO Ovrmn..l6
200 Ait* ..-o*3oo crwuPt..3b4Uo 15
25J Andes. ...l 9 JOO Kxchqr...o66oJ I'oton (35
600 £«lcber...SV lUJ O&U sfc 240'J fcaTate..Sl
100 406.10 .67,800 30
2300 » 8... 801700 6«\SUO Scorpion. .o4
1200 79 11200l 1200 .'...66700 M1.ti1....1l
100 ..„ 781100 G Eagle .40 1600 » Mev....54
1200 >'.ulllon..oli '.0 1 iuv.\ 501) 55
400Ca1eda....12 1000 Ju1ia. .. .01400 Hil Hi 11 ... 0 :
200 cutrjlKe...sy-<!00 Justice. ...06 .00 •;.'..:. ..... 02
300 63iUO 06100 Stnrd...l.6U
10.) Choir... 1.001500 Kr>nt<*k....O4 100 1.55
LOO 1.02 V* 1300 I, Waab.,ol 125 _ .... 1.571
400 1.00 700 Mxlc 85 200 1.6u
.00 CC«fcV...2.li> 1800 - 54'90J Uutoa. 49
-.-00 .2.17^4 iW .: 63 300 «8
450 2. 21> 700 52 200 46
1800 9.88 400 0ccd. ...... 19 400 Ul»n 05
200 2.27 V, 12S0Ophrl.27y, V -It*;... 37
150 Coutl... l.X* siOO ...X.26 SOD 38
100 J V 1mp.. .02 I
*.i-Oisl>u QUOTATIONS.
SATUJIDAY, Jan. 23 . 12 M.
T<A.AH-*tl.\ £td.A.iicrA.
AJrtmfVm ... 13 14'joiu. — 16
Alt «8 09 Justice. „ 05 16
Andes. '"....... 18 19' Keiunclc.....^ 03 (4
Belcher «9 41 I4tdy WaaiL... — 12
Best <fc Belclisf 79 bO Mexican 63 b*
benloo Coo.. . 17 — Nevada Qnoea. — (4
Bullion US 06 Occidental..... lit 21
Caledonia. 13 1 i Uphlr. 1.25 1.31)
riiollar 1.00 1.05 Overman. 14 15
Cou.UalifcVa... 2.25 I'otosl. 66 67
Cballenco Coo. o5 &6 ravage. „ SHI 'ii '•
(.ou. imperial. 01 I ■•„ Scorpion _ 03 05
confidence. ... 1.20 1.25 lee Belcher... 09 11
ton New Kok — IS! Mlver Hill 01 (2
Crown Point... 35 36 'lerra Nov»4i 54 65
Kaa (.Sierra « — M standard 1.66 1.65
liureka oil ... — V 5 syndicate. .... 02 li
hxchuQuer .... 05 (6 i nlouU>u 46 47
ouuid <i. currf. 55 66 . lav u-l 05
i<bi«.u.^ui'Ci'3. 1.30 1.3t i ellyvv j«wit*i. 35 —
Jackson - **>
fAUCtk. ANii BOM> EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Jan 28 10:30 a. m.
r>-jTit-> statim i»o>ua.
>. m . /.sktti. But. jttkeA.
US4scoun.lll HIV* 0" 4s reg. ..101* 110 i-i
Do new ib»uel2lVi —
MISCI-X'-ANKOrf"! TJOVI-1.
Cal-gtChlß6fl.llOJ^ - Oak Gas 65.. - 104
Cal Klecl. 6»12H — Do 2d la 55... 108 109
(ntra«J\V6s 92i/ 86 ''njnitjui «i.. 1 20y a 121 y 3
UpDl-stex-cp — J<7i/i P&O Ry Bj. - US
Kdsn lxti'6sl2ay lco !P&Ch Ry tin. 100 —
h&CHKKtts — 107y* l'wl-st KR6sll4 119
Gearv-st H6sloo - heno, WL&L — 10 j
H 1..t-j i> V 3 1. 103 — £acto 1' & 1,. - 100
LosausJ;6i - 100 fcF<feNPKs<.. 99'A100
Doiinteed 6» — 301 s-VRKArIzSj 91 U3Vi
MKt-stCble6al22y 8 — bFKBCaI da.li 3 -
DoKyCon 05.106 106y 4 >HKK( alss. — 100
Vines Ist — 100 I -PflrßOal6s. 95 dH
KevC.NgK73.IOO — 'SV Water «■«. 119 120
NKyCalßs.lOl ' — |-VWaier*ii. 1008/-101JA
> J'.y Lul is. - 95 i-'iktnU.tKdi - 102
fftm STOCK »• *'• •'.-
Contra Cost* 86 3e%j^prag Valley 971/4 ny 2
MarinUa.... — 62 j « > -;
«AS and KI.KCTRIC stock*.
Capital....... — 8& :l'»ci Imp 92 93%
Central 9B — Pacific Llsrnt. 48V2 49
Edison Llghll27 127y san Francsco 99V a 9iV\
ii tlec Llilli 9*/ p:i. siocktou —'• *-0
Oalc L <tli 61 641/41
IKMORANCK BTOOKI.
Firemaa'aFdlßo 190 him _ _
COMMKItCIAL BASK «TO":lt».
Anglo-Ca1.... 50 — I First Natlonll79«Alßiy.
iJannof Ca1..238y 3 1 l.ondonl'.tA. ViTVa —
CalBl»<&TCol07 108V«|M.erchEx.... li —
SAVIXIH BANK RTOCK«.
OerP&LCo.. — 1600 !Sar&i.oan.. — 105
HnmbS&L.llOJ — Security 250 300
Mutual.. 33 > — Union Trust. -'
bFs»v Union - 493
ETRKET RAII.RO*'* ctWICX.
California. ... 108 111 lOakSL&Har — 100
Urary-st — 60 Frealdio * —
aiarkel-at.... 4ijl/ 8 -;si,^
l^,v.»h.rt STOCK*.
AtlnntloD. 16 17 iGlnntCoa.., 26% 2734
California.... 75 — VigorlL — 90c
KasternD.... 75 ab%\
mciouswn stock*.
Alft»k* Deri. 1031/ i - !XatVlnCo.. - *Vg
Uer Lead Co. »><• HMI ! ceanlciSSCo 26 29
HawC&SCo.. 17 i7'ifßtAui('A — 4
HniehSPCo 2514 isy a PacßoraxCo. 95 —
MerKxAss.'i.. — ilO \i"ait PainiCo — 7
BALES— MOJUilJi* S«A>IJ*
100 Edison Lleht ft Power Co. 127 25
8 do do I^7 12%
65 Giant Powder Con 27 00
100 8 V Water 17 23
25 Bank of California 239 25
* — ♦ — •_ — — —
DEATH 01 MBS. A. A. COMOR.
Heart Disease Carries Oil" a :,aly Well
Known .to Many .People.
Mrs. Amelia A. Connor died yesterday
at her home, 1236 Market street, at the age
of WJ years. There are in this City hun
dreds of people who remember Mrs. Con
nor, not only well but. kindly ana with
gratitude. She came from her home in
Bangor, Me., in 1559 with her family and
early in her womanhood she was married
to Captain Francis Connor, who for many
years was master on the Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Improvement Com
pany's steamers. In time he was pro
moted to the honorable and responsible
position of "Commodore' of tiie fleet.
He held this position until the day of his
death in 1880.
During the life of Her husband Mrs.
Connor was a great entertainer in their
home on Folsom street, near First, Rincon
Hili, which was then the Sob Hill of San
Francisco. Since his death Mrs. Connor
has lived a more retired live, but she never
forgot her earlier friends nor aid they for
get her.
Durinp the last twelve or fourteen years
Mrs. Connor has devoted much of her
time and means to acts of charity, and it
is stated that never in her life has a
wortny person left her door unassisted.
For several years Mrs. Connor has been
afflicted with heart troubles, and this ail
ment was what brought her life to such a
sudden end yesterday morning.
The funeral will be helu to-morrow, and
the remains will be interred in the family
pat in Odi; Fellows' Cemetery, where her
husband and several of the family repose.
It is probable that Mrs. Ada Ballou will
officiate at the funeral. Mrs. Connor's re
maining relatives are her sister, Mrs. W.
K. Leveridfce of this city, a brother, Cap
tain Henry H. Webb of Honolulu, and
Mrs. Samuel A. Sanderson of Peralta
Park, Berkeley.
Scared a Motorman.
The report of an attempt to hold up an elec
tric cor was investigated by Policeman J.
Standley of the Mission district and the result
was embodied in a letter to Chief. Crowley yes
terday morning as follows:
"Mr. Nelson, motornun on car 1052 of the
I-nzltstde Hue. reported to me that a man
made au attempt 10 hold up hts car uenr Bar
ney Farley's hotel at about 12 o'clock. Officer
Wilkinson and my.sell in-.de an investigation
immediately. WV learned that car 1051 passed
the samepoini about live mlnntes afterward
ami tho motorman saw a man with a big bottle
in his hand and he he.d it up and asked the
motorman tohave a drink."
Olographic Will in French.
The will of Catherine J. Truxlor nee
Joaneß has been filed for probate. Several
small bequests are made to relations, and
Ernat Joane*, nephew of tho testatrix, is
named as residua! 5- legatee. Francois Thomtts
is nominated as executor •.•Ithout bonds. The
c.-. in it? is probably worth .f4OOO. The will is
olozraphic and written iv tha French lan
guage.
Measles mid Diphtheria.
There have been reported nearly 100 esses
of measles in ih!s City duriui: the past month,
but there have been only two deaths from the
disease. I) phthi»ria is aoating
NEW TO-DAY.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
A i>hytiician whose reputation is estab-
lished by ten years of successful practice
at 737 Market st. Man Francisco, Cal.
LOST And all the attend-
MnMUnnn ing ailments of
mMUnUUU NERVOUS debi.
LITY of Young, Middle-aged
and Old men, indiscretions of
youth, excesses of mature years,
drains which sap the vitality,
failing strength, aching back,
diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele,
dizziness of the head, gloom
and despondency, poor memory
and a wandering mind.
BLOOD AND , All , blood
SKIN DISEASES. l^' 3 JZ
whatsoever, eczema, etc.
BLADDER. Irritability, cystitis,
stricture, etc.
RUPTURE. New method, sure
cure, painless treatment, no de-
tention from work, •no experi-
ment, no knife, no truss. A posi-
tive, certain and permanent cure.
LADIES Will receive special
and careful treatment for all
their many ailments.
WRITE if away from the city.
Book, "Guide to Health," a trea-
tise on all organs and their dis-
eases, free on application. y
Call or address ~™~ '
3FV I-i. js-wE-A.:ixnz% 3VE.X3.
737' Market St., San .Francisco, Cal.
catarrh CATARRH
IDA. ■ ;
LOCAL DISEASE ffiig^ly^B
and Is the result of colds VtTCjMM BAL^jj
and sudden climatic ffl^<HP/> COl ;£l
changes. »r*^ Co< o«i w "^ll
This remedy does not con- gL*jffl-fEVEn $£ kf M
tain mercury or any other SLI •<//s'#,fflH
injurious drug. KB > ' "*■£*£*§&
ELY"'S feS^H
CREAM BALM if^^
Opens ana cleans the Nasal I 1)1.11 IV I. Kill
lassagps. Allays Pain and VVhV •'» lI L 11/
Inflammation, Heals and Protects the Membran?
from Colds, Restores the Senses of Taste ani
femell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives relief at once.
60 cen;a at Druggists,- or by mail; samples 10c by.
mail.
ELY BROTHEK3, S6 Warren street, ' .sew York
NEW TO-DAY.
13 **4~ Every aid to the sufferer
*^ *^"^ L- that the best physicians can
mm J8 • | render: every care that medi-
-1 " iCCIIC^dI cal skill can give ; a prompt
f A and permanent cure in every
fCOXITI'Sn t CaSe; all medicines needed
furnished free ; that is what
, we offer for a uniform fee of
$5 a month for any and all
diseases.
No druggist's bills to pay,
no medicines to buy. We
supply everything, with no
*Krfi Mnnfh extra charge We char
*P ts d IYI.V-r 11 I'll 9 you a reasonable fee for get-
j&m j # m ting you well, which we
MedlCineS guarantee to do. \
Eh#*».O.O c treat a^ diseases:
* 1 WW« Lung troubles, stomach trou-
bles, diseases of the skin,
liver, kidneys, etc. Our par-
ticular specialty is CA-
TARRH, THROAT
TROUBLES, EYE, EAR
and NOSE.
Mail treatment perfectly
Cnti&lzinA successful. Write us and
WUpCIdnU sen( or symptom blank,
m m -g • * Consultation and advice free.
Medical . Mm ,_ f /
916 Market Street,
w j © j j " Room 18. (Columbian Building), Third Floor.
IflQllT 1 t jO OVER BEAMIbH'S. •; "
1 JL R 4Z/ iv a. «L Bo« «»''w'» Office hoars: 9to 12— 2 to 5-7 to &
(Sundays and holidays, 10 to 12 only.
& ft' IZll^ a mm IIfITIIGJBIIIEI PROPOSALS
\ « 11 <?lr J9 y/^H^i JL* For the Pur P ose of Sale of Bonds of
itJ w ki l/gMAS/ij the City of San Jose.
'■F*»^ir« %& 1/ ißrf&r Wv %& rpHE mayor and common council op
r J. the City of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
I » m | ■ m A. ■ . • mm pm n titled "An ordinance providing for the issuance
V\ l\l llil I rVi I»i 111 i BIiJ sals of bonds of the City of ban Jose." etc.,
(Mil . 1.4^3 111 WUr passed on the 21st day of December. 1896. anl
103 and 105 Post Street Take Klerntor. SKS^thS £5. **JS* hS'lswS^'ii]^
iormeriy at ll!OSutter street, of Ban Jose glx hundred high school bulldlug
IVII I Ii \|T i YOUR . . . bonds, of the denomination of $125 each, and four
ii itiH '»■" * | cm ir iA/nni PM hundred sewer bonds of tho denomination of *100
_ „„„ Oi , />' V, UU ;:„. '.^ each, both classes of bonds to bear interest at the
TO ORDKiSi LINEN, MERINO and rate of 4% per cent D«r annum, payable senii-
■ii i ii ii ii'," COTTON annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
Urn. _ __ „ _ nm _ mmm __ _ -^ _ and directed th» City Cleric of said city toglva
II IS 0 |7™ D 111 C A D ■ notice inviting proposals for the sale ° said bonds,
BIM H iff* &C Iflff f" IS &€ I Public Is herebyflvcn that the City of San
■ nHBa SI UB 8 tM Bl ■ 1 Jose intends to issue on* thousand bonds aforesaid.
*W I W 90 Ran II II ■■ Bill I I am that sealed proposals will be received at tin
ottlce of said City Cleric at the City Hal in San
; Jose, California, until the hour of eight o'cocic
. - . - . . p. M., on the eighth day of February, 1897 (at
. ' which time, or as soon thereafter as said May of
and Common Council shall duly convene, Raid bids
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
- ' ' any part of Bald high school building and newer
nD Ii T nr>rv* O bonds, or either tnereot Said bonds are to bear
I /n. t~ I LLnL/L^ date June 1, 1897. ana the Interest thereon to bs
■ —•» » — ■«*■ paid seinl-aaDually on the first day of I>ecember
Id fun nrcT and the first day of June of each year thereafter,
IS lilt Dlj I • both principal and Interest payable in gold com or
, lawful money of the United Htates.
.Said high school building bonds shall be nnm-
A PEBHANKKI CUKE. . beted consecutively from one to six hundred, both
inclusive, and be divided into tony series, nunt-
PIU.INBBUBS, Cal., Nov. 6, 189& bered consecutively from one to forty, both in-
Dr. .fierce & Pon, San Francisco. elusive, each series constating of fifteen bond*;
(iis.-Ti.KMEN— The fifteen-dollar Belt has been the first series la to Include those bond* which are
received and delivered, but 'have not heard from numbered from one to fifteen, bota inclusive, and
, ..... the:erson yet about the each succeeding series is to include the fifteen
*>]''■ '\&L&& ,-■! ■*'■ result, but l"am not afraid bonds numbered consecutively after those in-
" him <omin? back on eluded In the next preceding series-
p^v-*-i^^«S*vVJS> me. as 1 used one of your r^aid sewer bonds shall be numbered con«eco-
B?^ : r^M»l Belts nine (9) years a»;o tlvely from one to four hundred, both Inclusive,
■PV*->-i '•''■'■-' i— i?iffl and have never been * nd b> divided into forty series numbered <-dv-
S^^r^a^S? troubled with pains in ■•cntiTely from one to forty, both Inclusive, each
/ *ffH*i££s3|iß3#?iv- n)y back or hips since series consisting of ten bonds: the first series is »
*Sl>fc- 335Sfc2*lAV t N so you see why lam not Include those bonds which are numbered from
■"V vtiuf- ft* afraid to recommend your ou * to ten, both inclusive, and each succeeding
3S?? Bell to anyone suffering series Is to include the ten bonds numbered cob-
W with a male back, tain! entirely after those included la the next pre-
!hem eb , i e P v a tobedo f u <> b!ed aS ' beCaUSe "- 1 " C ° re "tL? '-rlat of .aid high school bnUdl B
I remain jours to help the sufferer bonds » nd s » sewer bond » « hall bo mlwl PV» bl »
I remain jours to help me sun-erer. on the first day of Jnne, 1898, aad one of the re.
" CiU * A ' li > Aal + reaming series Is to be made payable on the first
1 day of June in each succeeding calendar year
*S~ There are no "quack" doctors connected thereafter, until and Including the year 1987.
with our establishment. Our electric belts cure fcaid bonds are to be made payable to the order of
without drugs ITic-s reasonable! No robbery! the purchaser or , payee by name, and to each of
Kstablished 1875. for free "Pamphlet No. said bonds there is to be attached interest-bearing
'£." Magnetic Klastic Truss Co. (Dr. Pierce <& coupons, double in number to the number of years
Sen). 704 s-acramento St.. cor. of Kearnv, second, which such bond has to ran before Its maturity,
third and fourth floors. Branch office, 640 Market Proposals must state the price offered, the descri*»
st. below Kearny. 8. J-'. lion of the bonds desired, and be accompanied by
________________________________^ a certified check on some responsible bank, pay-
able to th*> order of the Mayor of . said City, for at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said cheat to
»"-"»■■■ HIIJ, m yr^mnr'^nr^. be returned to bidder in case the bid Is net ac-
V gk. <B l Wi ' MWf i *fl ■ aai iJl ▼1S l> n7 £&. ceyted. The purchase money for said bonds shall
I mj W_tt tk 85l I BWHiLI llll^lk be paid In gold coin of the united (states' within
» WLIp " ~ iWi 't' Tf ¥ iliif ■!! i^iJ*Wß> ninety days after notice of acceptance. The right
L^B These tiny Cap 9 are superlof ]SSSTJSS^^ ™t&T*£,t?Z£Sg£
rvi r\ B l ISam f opai^/«ni\ '^ted Janaary ad, ™- w ~ co k c " r -
lli £ UREIN4B / OURS Sr< NOTARY public:
ftj©', the came diseases witnoirt nT ,^r Va ™ „„„„„„ r^ nD^ v^ «^
:r.^ n r.., n r.:. nnn /CHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNET'AW
inCOnVemenCfi. \j La W Ul i Notary Public, 638 Market st., otmo.
Sold by all druggists. site Palace Hole:. Telephone 670. Residenc* ICM
~ — & ■- 1 Fell street. TelepbOM - Pine " 8892.
■ ' ' ' '
j
RIPANS Tabules
"I am using- those Tabules you recommended and I
would not be without them now for any money. One
day last week I went to an evening 1 party and ate a hearty
supper at \ \ o'clock. I had felt so well after using: the
first half dozen Tabules that I thought that I was cured ;
of my dyspepsia, but I tell you I just suffered the next
day. Oh ! how sick I was. But I took two Tabules and
they brought me out of bed the same day. Now I take
' one after each meal and feel fine." J>j>J>jfi&J>jtjtjtJ> \
910
MINERS' BILL
IS ADOPTED
Text of the Proposed Meas
ure to Be Submitted
to Congress.
AGREE AFTER A FULL
DISCUSSION.
It Makes Provision for Better
Mining Laws Regarding
Titles.
ALL SECTIONS OF THE STATE
REPKESESTED.
A Committee Appointed to Investigate
the Condition cf the Mining
Bureau.
The executive committee of the Califor
nia Miners' Association met last night at
the Union League Club for the purpose of
taking action on the proposed bills to be
laid before Congress in the; interest of min
ing. There was quite a full representation
oi miners from various j ar:s of the State,
among those present being : J. H. Neff,
chairman; Mark B. Kerr, A. H. Ten
Broeck, J. H. Roberts, Jud^e Belcher,
Tirey L. Ford, E. C Loitus, S. K. Thorn
ton, W. W. Mod tag tie, S. J. Hendy,
Harold T. Power, James J. O'Brien, E.
Coleman, Curtis II- Lindley, C. W. Cross
and H. E. Picicett.
Secretary Julian Sonntag read letters
from Senators and Representatives bcar
inrr on the mining bill; from William M.
St« wart, stating that he could not see wby
i !', ere should be any' failure to enact the
ji.l into a law at this session and assuring
his full support of the measure; from
Francis G. Newlands to the effect that the
matter has been given his attention and
when it comes up it will receive his
support.
i ;. Hilborn's leUer announced that he
would do all he coulc'. to forward the pas
sage of the bill. James McLachlan de
clared he was heartily in favor of the bill
and that he would do everything in his
power to secure immediate action upon it.
Senator George W. Mcßride wrote that at,
a member of the Public Lands Committee
which had considered tt.e bill at the last
session oi Congress he g&ive it his earnest
support. Senator Stephen M. White's
letter was an assurance iJaat he would con
tinue to exert himself to bis utmost to
procure the enactment of the measure.
He wrote that if Mr. Reed would consent
to its presentation to the House it would
undoubtedly T'nss, but S^jiator White was
afraid that Mr. Reed woe Id refrain from
favorable action. Representative Binger
Hermann of Orezon stated in his letter
that, with other Pacific Coast delegates,
lie had culled upon the Spejiker and urged
upon him the necessity for the passage of
this bill.
lion the Speaker now depended the
success of the measure.
Representative Charles Hartman of
Montana wrote that he would be glad to
extend any aid he could to the delegation
in Washington and to securing the pas
sacre of the bill.
-Representative Loud assured the com
mittee by letter that he would continue to
use such influence as lay in his power to
further the interests of the bill.
Senator George C Perkins wrote: "I
shall give the matter my careful atten
tion. I have already personally inter
viewed."
Secretary Sonntag read the' amended
bill as presented by Cnrti3 H. Lindley,
chairman of the committee on revision
of mining laws. A. H. Ricketts and J.
T. Halloran opposed the proposed measure
in long communications which, However,
were not considered.
The bill was then taken up for discus
sion. Section 11 proved to be a stumbling
block, as both Lindley and Ford agreed
that it was in violation of the constitu
tional provision which requires the sub
ject matter of the bill to be contained in
i'ie title. Section 11 referred to annual
reports of labor periormed for assessment
work. Ford moved tbat it be stricken out
and the title of the bill remodeled. The
motion was carried, and Cross added that
he was entirely satisfied with the bill.
So the section affecting assessment- work
reports was left as it is in the act of 1891.
The gravel men were not content with
the bill, since it dealt with the require
ment for marking within twenty days.
They argued that it was often as difficult
to locate gravel claims as quartz veins,
and they wanted sixty days for marking.
All seemed in favor of this revision, and
it was adopted on motion.
Samuel K. ThorntDn moved that the
bill be adopted as amended. Everyboay
present voted aye.
Tirey L. Ford moved that Representa
tive Power of Placer introduce the bill in
the Assembly. The motion was carried,
and Mr. Power thanked the committee for
the honor. He will select a Senator to
introduce it in the Senate. The bill is as
follows:
An act prescribing the manner of locating
and relocating mining claims and :nill sites
upon the public domain of ihe United States,
recording notices of location thereof, amend
ing defective locations and providing for the
.li'liosit ol district records with county re
corders.
The people of the State of California, repre
s-ented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as
I0II0W6:
SECTION 1. The location of mining claims
upon the public domain of the United Stales
f-hall be made aud perfected as provided in
this act.
Bee. -• The discoverer of any vein or lode
f.hail Immediately upon milking a discovery
erect at the point of discovery n substantial
monument or mound of rocks and post thereon
B notice which shall rotitain: (1) Tne name Of
the lode or claim, (2) ilie name of the lo
cator or locators, (3) the date of the discovery,
(4) the number of linear leet claimed in
l>-:igth along the course of therein each way
fn>m the point of discovery, (5) the width
(-'•aimed on each side o; the tenter of the vein,
(0) the genera; course ot the vein or lode, a3
lu-nr us may be. Such notice shall not be re
corded. Upon the erection of said monument
and posting such notice the discoverer shall be
allowed the period of time specified iv section
3 of this act to enable him 10 perfect hi? loca
tion, as hereiualter provided.
Sec. 3. Within sixty days from the date of
the discovery of the vein or lode the discov
erer must distinctly mark his location on the
ground so thai its boundaries can be readily
traced, find mu-t file in the office of the
County Recorder of the county in which the
claim is situated a certificate of location,
which said certificate shall state:
1. The name 01 the lode or claim.
■J '1 he name of the locator or locators.
:s. The date of discovery and posting of the
notice provided for in suction 2 of this act,
which shall be considered as the date of the
location.
4. A description of the claim, defining the
exterior boundaries as they are marked upon
the ground ami such additional description by
reference to f-orne natural object or perma
nent monument ns will Identify ihe claim.
Said certificate shall be K'^'uVd by or on be
half o' tee locator and locators and dated,
and when tiled for record shall be deemed and
considered as prima facie evidence of the facts
therein recited. A copy of such certificate of
loiatlon certified by the County Recorder shall
be admitted iv evidence iv aU actions or pro-
CPedinss with the same effect as the original.
S°c. 4 The relocation of an abandoned or
forfeited lode claim shall be made by erecting
at seme point upon the lode a substantial
mor •mentor mound ot rocks and posting a
a notice thereon which shall contain (1) Tho
name— when known— of the lode or claim
under which it was last previously located
and the names— when known— of the prior
locators. ' . r
2. The new name under which it is claimed
by the reiccstors.
'3. The date of the relocation.
4 The uai'e or names of the relocators.
5. The number of linear feet claimed in
length along the course of the vein.
<;. The width claimed on each side of the
center of the vein.
Such notice shall not be recorded. Upon the
erection of such monument and posting said
notice the relocator shall be allowed the De
rod of time specified in section 5 of this act
within which to pirfect rach relocation.
Sec. 5. Within twenty days from date of the
relocation of an abandoned or forfeited lode
cltiin, as provided lor in section 4 of this act,
the rclocator shall mark his relocation on the
ground so that its boundaries can be readily
traced and shall file in the office of the County
Recorder of the county wherein paid mining
claim is situated a certificate of relocation,
which said certificate shall state the facts re
quired to be stated in the posted notice pro
vided for by section 4 of this act, and in addi
tion thereto shall contain a description of the
claim as relocated, defining its exterior boun
daries as they are marked upon tae ground,
and such additional description by reierenca
to some natural object or permanent monu
ment as will identify the claim.
Said certificate shall be signed by or on be
half of the reiocator or relocate™ and dated,
and when filed for record shall be deemed and
considered as prim a facie evidence of the facts
therein recited ; provided, however, that said
certificate shall not be evidence of the fact
that the prior locator had either forfeited or
abandoned his location, but the burden of
prool establishing such abandonment or for
feilure shall rest upon the relocator or those
claiming under him.
Bee. 6. The discoverer of placers or other
forms of deposit subject to location and ap
propriation under mining; laws applicable to
placers shall locate his claim in iho following
manner:
1. By the erection of a substantial monu
ment or mound of rocks within the limits of
the ground claimed and posting thereon a
notice of location containing the name of the
locator, the dale of location, the number of
acres claimed and the name of the claim.
Such notice shall not De recorded.
■ 2. By marking the location on the ground
so that its boundaries can be readily traced,
such marking to be completed within sixty
days after the posting of sucn notice. Within
twenty days from the dute of completing said
location tne locator shall file with trie Re
corder of the county in which such claim is
situated a Certificate of location, which shall
be dated and signed by or on behalf of the
locator or locators and shall contain:
1. Tlic unrne of ihe claim.
2. The name of Ihe locator or locators.
3. The date of the discovery and posting of
the notice hereinbefore provided for, which
shnll be considered as the date of the location.
4. A description of the c.aim by reference to
legal subdivisions ol sections if the location i«
made m conformity with the public surveys, j
Otherwise a description with reference to i
some iiiuural object or permanent monument J
as will identify the claim. Where such claim !
is located by legal subdivisions of the public j
surveys such locations shall, notwithstanding
that tact, be marked by the locator upon the
ground the same as other locations.
Such c< rtificate of location when filed for
record shall be deemed and considered as
prima facie evidence oi the facts therein re
cited. A copy of such certificate certified by i
the Couuty Recorder shail be admitted in cvi- |
dence in all actions or proceedings with the ;
same effect as the original.
Sec T. Abandoned or forfeited placer or
other claims usually located under the lsws
applicable to placers shall be relocated sub
stantially in the same manner as is provided
for the relocation of lode or vein claims in
sections 4 and 5 of this act.
Ssc. 8. If at any time the owner of any mm- |
ing claim heretofore or hereafter located shall ;
apprehend that his location- is ■ defective or j
erroneous or that the requirements of the law j
have not been complied with, or where he j
may desire to change his surface boundaries ;
so as to include land other than that embraced I
within his boundaries ss originally located or ;
marked, or in case the original notice of loca- 1
tion was m» de prior to the pa.-sage of this act j
and the owner saall be desirous of obtaining
the benefit of this act, such owner may cuange j
his boundaries and correct or amend his loca- ;
tion by re-marking the same and thereupon j
may file with the County Recorder an amended
or additional certificate of location which in
the absence of any prior or intervening rights
shall relate back to the original location.
Sec. 9. The locator of a mill site location, '
shall locate his claim by posting a notice ot
location thereon, which must contain : (1) the
name of locator or locators; (2) the name of
the vein or lode claim or mine, of which he is
the proprietor, or the name of the quartz-mill
or reduction works of which he is the owner;
(3) the date of th- location ; (4) the number of j
acres claimed; (5) a description ot the claim j
by such reference to a natural object or i
permanent monument as shall identify the >
claim or mill site. And by marking the j
boundaries of his claim in th£ same manner]
as provided in this act for the marking of tbe j
boundaries of a placer mining claim, so far as
the same may be applicable thereto.
Sec. 10. The locator of a miilsite claim !
or location, shall within thirty days from
the date of his location, record his loca
tion in the office of the County Recorder
of the county in which such location is sit- |
uated, by a location certificate which must
be similar in all respects to the one posted on
the location. Said notice when recorded shall
be prima facie evidence of the facts therein
stated.
Sec. 12. No record of a mining claim or !
miilsite made after the passage of this act in j
the records of any mining district shall hi I
valid. AH notices of location of . mining
claims, rnillsites and other notice* heretofore
recorded in such district records, if such
notices conform to the local rules and regula- j
tions in force in such district, are hereby de- j
clared valid. Within thirty days after the j
passage of tnis act the District Recorder or I
custodian of the records of the several mining !
districts in this Slate shall transmit to the
County Recorders of the respective counties j
wherein the respective districts ere situated
all the records of Bald respective districts and
thenceforward such County Recorder shall be
deemed and considered the legal custodian of
such records. - Thereafter copies of such j
records certified !,y the County Recorder may j
be received in evidence with the same effect I
as the originals.
Sec. 13. This act shall take effect and be in
force sixty days after its passage.
Curtis H. Lindlev moved that it be de- j
clared the sense of the committee that the ',
mechanics' lien law be amended so that
a lien may be filed by the assignee of the
party originally entitled to file it. h£S|
Judge Soward amended to have this ap- I
ply only to miners, and the amendment I
was adopted.
. W. W. Montague stated that he believed |
the salary of $300 a month was too large j
for the debris commissioner. Tirey L.
Ford spoke in favor of paying the -alary
as he believed that the man selected for
the important office was worth it. Mr.
Montague added that his main objection
was to the wording of the hydraulic bill,
which left the expenditure of the State
money to the commissioner. The matter
of salary was left to the Legislature.
S. J. Hendy asked for information as to
what had been done regarding the State
Mining Bureau. Chairman Neff replied
that he had beard some talk of changes
in the bureau, but so far as he could see |
there was no fear of the institution at j
present. Hendy moved that a committee
of three be appointed by the chair to con- i
sider the question, and his motion pre- !
vailed. S. J. Her.dy. M. B. Kerr and
Samuel K. Thornton were appointed.
GRAND OPENING TO-DAY.
A Branch of Perini's Famous Italian
Restaurant.
There will be established in the o!d
premises formerly occupied by Lopresti,
at 203 Larkin street, opposite the City
Hail, a first-class French and Italian res
taurant, as a branch of the well-known
Penni's, which has b°en established in
this City since May 1, 1876.
Many extensive alterations and im
provements have been made in tho prem
ises on Lnrkin street, and every con
venience and comfort for the guests have
been provided for.
Besides the large dining-room, there are
arranged several private apartments for
ladies and their escorts.
This branch of Periui's will serve as a
great accommodation to the people in the
western par: of the City.
William Cliues Defiant.
We, the members of the '•William Cline
baseball niue," do hereby challenge any mer
chants' baseball nine In this City. Address
all challenges to Eugeue il. Levy, manager,
949-951 Market street.
Moet & Chandon was exclusively served
at the Patriarchs' Hall, the Belmont New
Year party ard the Washington Gridiron
Club's barwjuet. Connoisseurs pronounce
it excellently matured and the cleanest
vriuo on the 'market.— Exchange.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
CYCLE CHAMPIONS
MIKE NEW RECORDS
Loughead and Ziegler's
Fast Rides at the
League Meet.
Mott and Kenna Shewed Re
markable Form in the
Amateur Events.
A Day Replete With Surprises, Upsets
and Broken Records — Rms' Re
versal of Form.
The benefit meet of the North Califor
nia Division, League of American Wheel
men, at the Velodrome yesterday after
noon, brought out the largest crowd and
furnished the best sport ever seen at a
cycle meet here.
The threatening weather did not keep
lovers of ibe Eport away, and although
the men rode for blue ribbons the contests
were as hot as if they had been fighting
for gold and precious stones.
One of the prettiest features of the meet
was the one-third mile exhibition by Fred
J. Loughead, the Canadian champion,
paced by Dow, Becker and Boyden on a
triplet. Announcer Hynes said Loughead
was out of form, but one would never
have guessed it by the ride he put up.
He made the sixth in 18 1-5 and the third
in 34 4-5 seconds, record time. One can
easily understand, after seeing his ride,
how well he deserves his title of cham
pion. He will rank very high among the
professionals here on the coast.
Ckto Ziepler, Ihe California champion,
lowered tne coast record in a hali-mile ex
hibition, triple paced. He made it in
53 1-5 seconds, the former record beincr £6.
Ziescler showed splendid form and with a
little more conditioning will b^ a promi
nent facior at the Velodrome meets. He
?s very popular wiih California audiences
and received an ovation on .his appear
ance.
There were some pretty finishes in the
heat- oi the thir.i ol a mile scratch, pro
fessional. The first went to George Bovee
of Texas, who beat Hardy Downing of San
Jose and others in a hot surint.
Charley Wells was shut out in the sec
ond. "Bjb" Terrilt and Allan Jones both
beating him. It was a close finish be
tween these two and Terrill won by
inches.
Harry Terrill won the third heat in
easy style, Slater of Arizona second.
The final was v ry exciting. Slater fell
at the start and was out of it. Downing
had the pole all the way, with Jones and
Harry Terrill trying to get it away from
him. Jones took a chance on the final
turn, and got the inside, while "'Bob '
Terrill rode high up the bank and camo
down with a terrible rush. A blanket
would have covered these lour at the tape.
wi:h Jones slightly in the lead. Down
ing was second and Terrill third. The
time was :40 4-5.
The two-thirds mile handicap, profes
tional, was run in one heat, "Bob" Ter
rill, Wells, Freeman and Byrne compet
ing. In a pretty finish Freeman won,
Wells second, Terrill third. Time, 1:25.
Percy Moit rode a half-mile exhibition,
paced by an amateur triplet team, in 54
seconds flat, making a new coast racord.
The Velodrome fhielu race was the
opening event of the long programme. It
was at one mile, unpaced, the riders
starting at opposite sidesof thetrack. The
contestants were C. E. Dow of Seattle,
who has held the shield since New Year's
day, and D. E. Whitman of Los Angeles,
who challenged him. The latter secured a
good lead from the start, and won in
2:18 1-5.
Tiie one-third mile handicap, amateur,
was run 111 six heats. Elford took the
first in : 47 3-5. George Fuller put up a
creat ride in the second heat, beating a
field of six in the fast time of : 43 1-5.
Carmen and Raynaud fell In this heat, but
were only slightly bruised. The third
wen Ito Tony Alborelle in :46. Mott won
the fourth after a hard fight, in : 50 3-5.
Ross, the popular Olympian, walked away
from his field in the fifth, winning as he
pleased in :47 1-5. Kenna's win of the
sixth heat was also easy, time :45 2-5.
This brought the six fastest amateurs of
the coast into the final, and it was a fisht
from the crack of the pistol. The crowd
went wild over the finish. With Kenna
iand Russ fighting it out in front together,
Mott came on the inside and got the pole
and Russ was beaten. It was so close
between Mott and Kenna when they
crossed the tape, the judges called it a
dead heat. The auuience was about
equally divided, half yelling for Mott and
the otner half for Kenna. Their time was
43 seconds fiat, American record. Russ
took third.
There were four beat 3to the one-half
mile handicap, amateur, the winners to
qualify for the final. Kenna won the first
easily, and it was thou ht Russ would
have a similarly easy victory in the sec-'
ond, but he finished last, to the disap
pointment of hia friends, Gooch of the Re
lianca Club being the winner. Coulter of
the California won the third in a close
finish.
Squires and Daacon fell in the next heat,
but, were unhurt. George Fuller won,
Williams second.
The final went to Goos 1 - after a hot
struggle with Kenna and Fuller, who fin
ished in that order. Time, 1:05.
The following is the summary:
Half mile, handicap, amateur— First heat, J.
R. Kenna, Bay City, first, scratch; Georce Wy«
mtn, Acme, second, 30 yards. Time— l:o3 2-5.
Second hoat, C. It. Gooch, Reliance, first, 35
yarns; T. Sullivan, California, second, 30
yards. Time— l:o9 1-5. Third heat, R. a.
Coulter, California, first, 45 yards; Tony Al
borelle. Olympic, second, 20 yards. Time—
1:03 3-5. Fourth boat. George Fuller, Olympic,
first, 35 yards; £ R. Williams, Relian-'e, sec
ond, OO yards. Time, 1 :02 4-5. Final heat, C.
D. Gooch, Reliance, first; J. R. Kenna, Bay
City, second; George Fuller, Olympic, third.
Time— l:os.
Two-thirds of a mile, handicap, profes
sional—H. B. Freeman, BGy City, first; C. S.
Wclis, Bay City, second; W. A. Terrill, Bay
City, third. Time— l:2s.
Third of a mile, scratch, amateur— First heat,
B. H. Elt'ord, Reliance, first. Time, :47 3-5.
Second heat, George Fuller, Olympic, first.
Time, :4;j 1-5. Fourth heat, P. K. Mott, Re
liance, first. Time, :50 3-5. Fiftn heat, E. F.
Russ, Olympic, lir3L Time, :47 1-5. Sixth
hfßt. .1. R. Kenna, Bay City, first. Time,
:45 2-5. Finr.l heat, J. R. Kcnna and P. R.
Mott. tie for first place; E. F. Russ, third.
Time. :43. American record.
Third of a mile, scratch, professional —
First heat, George Bovee, Bay City, first;
Hardy Downing, San Josp, second. Time,
:<U> 2-5. Second beat, W. A. Terrill, Bsy City,
lir-.r. Allan N. Joq^s, Olympic, second. Time,
:4G. Third heat, H. F. Terrill, Bqy City, first;
Horace Slater, Arizona, second. Time, :4C 3-5.
Final heat, Allan Jones, Olvmpio, first; H. F.
Terrill, Bay City, ucond; \V. A. Terrill, Bay
City, '.liird. Time, :4t> 4-5.
Hnlf mile exhibition, paced— P. R. Mott,
Reliance. Timo, :54, coast record.
Velodrome shield race, one mi c. unpaced,
between D. E. Whitman of Los Angeles and C.
K. 1 »ow of Seattle. Won by Whitman. Time,
2:18 1-5.
One-third mile exhibition, triplet paced. G.
J. Lr>ngheud, Canadian champion. Time,
:34 2-6, record.
Oiif-half mile exhibition, " tripiet paced,
Otto Ziegler Jr., California champion. Time,
:53 1-5, coo«,t record.
The following were the officials of the
moet:
Referee, Henry F. Wynne; judges— F. H.
Kerrigan. E. B. Jerome, H. H. White; timers—
E. E. Stoddard, George P. We.tmore, J. F. Mc-
Glynn ; scorers— H. P. Howard, S. C. Scovern, A.
P. Swain ; clerk of course, Georgn H. Stratton ;
assistants— E. L. W e athern<»ad, L. Conklin, D.
Marshall ; umplrea-J. S. Eagan, A. W. Wehe,
R. F. Duncan, C. P. Myrick; starter, Douglas
White; announcer, John C. Hlnes; L. A. W.
representative, R. M. Welch; caadicapper, R.
A. Smjrthe.
OUR NATIVE CHILDREN.
Doings of the Officer* and Parlori of
the Sons of tho Golden
West.
Richard J. Meir, D. D. G. P., assisted oy
Charles E. Moser as secretary ana Wil
liam Barton as marshal, installed the
officers of Presidio Parlor.
The officers of Niantic Parlor were in
stalled by Past President Keenan last
Tuesday.
Matters of importance will be presented
Tuesday night at the meeting of the Hall
Association.
Joseph R. Knowland, D. D. Q. P., and
other grand officers, visited Redwood Par
lor last week and installed the officers.
At tiie close of the ceremony J. J. Naglt,
the retiring president, was by Grand Sec
retary L,unstedt on bebnlf of the parlor
presented a handsome diamond and sold
baJge in recognition of his services dur
ing tbe time he held office.
When Graud President Gesford named his
deputies he announced to ihem that it was his
intention that they should work for the good
of the order and that the appointments were
not to be merely honorary ones. Those who
fnil to perform the work expected of them will
have their commissions revoked and "live'
men will bs named to fill the vacancies. He
will send his deputies at large to work in fields
where new parlors can be organized.
The last meeting of those who signed the
charter-roll to become members of Xl O.pitan
Parlor before Institution will be held Monday
night in Native Sons' Hall.
Charles E. Moser, chairman of the printing
and supply committee, has returned to this
City alter an absence oi two mouths ia
Amador County.
Judge K. C. Rush of Amador County, chair
man of the board of trustees, was in this City
this week and reportsas a member of the visit
ing board that there is a marked improvement
in the parlors of his jurisdiction.
The seveuth anniversary ball of Alcalde Par
lor will be given in .Native Sous' Hall, February
12.
E! Dorado Parlor will give its twelfth anni
versary ball on the 19th of February in Native
Sons' Hal..
The following named wero elected officers of
the directors 01 the library and readink'-ruom
last Tuesday: H. G. W. Dlnkelsplel. president;
Fred \Y. Lees, vice-president; Frank Van De
venter, secretary, and L. M. Uannan, treas
urer.
Tnere was a merry gathering in Alarneda on
the occasion of the installation of the officers
of Halcyon Parlor by \V. 11. L. Hynes, assisted
by John A. Steinbach, K. G. P.; James J. Jame
son, assistant grand secretary, and Deputies
Hr.uson and Uoldeman. The following named
are the officers: T. C. Suepani, P. P.; J. L.
Ballentinc, P. ; L. A. Haggy, J. G. Smbbs and
George A. Innvs, vice-presidents; 11. O. Tenny,
K. S.; P. C. Sunder, F. S. ; 11. R. Liptuan, M.;
L. J. Shannon, I. S. ; VV. B. HinchmMii, O. .S. ;K.
R. Anthony and J. R. Know land, trustees. A
very interesting musicale and dance, in which
the Native Daughters took part, followed the
ceremonies.
The following officers of Los Positos Parlor
of Livermore were Installed by Deputy
Knowiand, assisted by Grand Secretary Lun
stedt and Grand Outside Sentinel J. R. Morns:
William Mclver, P.P.; A.M. Haynes, P.; C.
H. Christiansen, O. Coz.id, H. T. Ruter, vice
presidents; D. R. Rees, M.; G. W. Meyers, R. S.;
W. H. Galway, F. S.; H. Seeband, 0. S. ; George
Weener, J. H. Conrad, trustees. Alter the in
stallation there was an adjournment to a hotel
in the neighborhood and severnl hours were
spent in having a jolly good time.
Grand Trustee Sabichi ana Dr. D. W. Edel
m&n of Raniona Parlor officially visited a
number oJ parlors in the extreme southern
part of the State. They inform the grand sec
retary by letter that at no time have the par
lors In that part of the state been in such a
prosperous condition as they are now.
Wisteria Parlor of Alvarado was visited by
Grand Vice-President G. D. Clark and Deputy
Hyues, who installed the officers in the iiies
ence oi a laigCiUumbur of visiting memuers of
the order.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
In the three months that Woodland Parlor
has been organized it has made a record Jor
itself. It has paid for the regalia and supplies
furnished by the grand parlor and has "a nest
egg" in the shape oi .f 100 in the treasury.
Much of the success of the parlor is due to the
business tact of the very amiable president,
Miss Mac Cummings, and the energetic secre
tary, Miss Harriet Lee, who is a member of the
County Board of Education.
Vesta Parlor of Sierra has surrendered its
charter.
Grand Preslaent Tillman, while on her tour
through the south recently, did not have the
opportunity to institute tho parlor being
organized at San Miguel. San Luis Obispo
County, but wil! do so befoie the close oi her
administration.
There «as a grand time at the installation
of the officers oi Araapola Parlor oi Sutter
Creek, Amador County. At the conclusion of
the very beauiilul Ct-remony of installation
there was a banquet, and toasts were proposed
and responded to. Miss Marirarei Bundy
responded to "Our Flag"; "Tuo Native Son->"
was responded to by Margaret Payne; Miss
Laura J. Frakes, secretary of the purlor, re
sponded to "The Founder of Our Order,"
referring in eloquent terms to Miss Lily O.
Reichling and me worii she undertook ten
years ago to establish the oraer, she being at
that time still in her teens, and pointed with
pridj to the progress that had Leon made all
over the State since slio had inspired the
native daughters to combine und complete an
organization of which every Californian has
reason to fee! proud.
Mi<s Ida B. Herman, the retiring president,
reviewed the work during the term she filled
the chair, commended me membors for their
f.uthfulness and thanted them for the aid
they gave to enable her to perform her duties.
She concluded by advisinz them to be charita
ble and not let the left hand know what the
right hand is doing in the relief of the dis
tressed.
Sierra Parlor has five candidates ready to be
initiated.
The reports from California Parlor, Marys
ville, show a notable increase in membership.
Palomar Parlor No. 93 was instituted re
cently at San Diego by Grand President Mary
E. Tillinan, assisted by Miss Annie Donaldson
of Minerva Parlor. The parlor had been under
organization for several months, the moving
spirit being Lewis Aubury, who was deter
mined thnt the order should have a repre
sentation in Mia' section of the State, and it
was through his efforts that the parlor wad in
stituted with twenty member*. The grand
president and those who assisted her were
most delightfully entertained by the members
o! the new parlor. On arrival at San Dleeo
they were escorted to a suite of rooms in a
hotel which were filled with the cnoicest
flowers of the locality; they were entertained
at a lunch by Miss Alice Neale, the marshal of
the new parlor; then they were the guests at a
dinner given by Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Aubury.
Numerous other hospitalities marked their
so;ourn in the city named. The representa
tives of tho order visited Coronado and La
Jolla and the various missions and returned
to the north bringing with them another link
which will bind the extreme south of the State
to the order, one which will serve to keep alive
the spirit and memories of the men and
women of y.9.
The differences in Piedmont Parlor having
all been adjusted and the disturbing element
having retired, the greatest harmony now
exists, and last Thursday the newly elected
officers were installed With much ec'at by
Deputy Miss Murray, assisted by Miss Creigh,
acting as marshui. The hall was beautifully
decor.-ited and there were present Grand Presi
dent Mary E. Tillinan, Grand Vice-President
Belle W. Conrad, Grand Secretary Georgie Cot
ter Ryan, Miss Heiene Juarez, chairman of the
grand trustees, and visitors frem Alameda,
Oro Fino aii'i Minerva pnriors. Thero was a
banqupt and good cheer after the installation.
Mi!.s Helenc Juarez of tne board of trustees
wilt visit the local parlors.
Goldeu Stato Parlor had a very interesting
meeting lest Wednesday, and after the meet
ing tliere was a eolation furnished by the
past president.
Tho entertainment announced by La Es
trelia Parlor for the 28th insi. has been post
poned until the following night to give the
nail to Bueua Vista Parlor for the purpose of
the installation of its officers.
Orinda Purlor has completed arrangements
for a reception to its friends in Native to.is'
Hall to-morrow nigh!. A fine musical and
literary programme has been prepared.
COMICAL LITIGATION.
The City Sues for 38 t'entg and Gets
the Wrong Man.
Sometimes the litiga'.ion in whicn the
City end county is concerned takes an
amusing phase. This was the case in the
suit against John Hass, against whom
suit was brought for personal property
taxes. The amount for which Hass was
supposed to be delinquent and fjr which
the ponaerous. machinery of the law was
put in motion as a collection agency was
38 cents. Hass paid no attention to the
suit until some expenses hrd accrued,
making up the amount due 93 cents.
Then he sent in a communication that
the property in question on winch the tax
had been assessed belongs to John
Schmerker.
FIGHTING FOR
SIX NEW JUDGES
The Bill to Increase the
Local Judiciary Is Now
Ready.
Facts and Figures Have Been
Gathered to Support the
Claims.
More Than 20,000 Cases Said to Be
Pending in tbe Superior
C urts-
Everything is now in readiness for the
fight in behalf o! the bill providing for an
increased judiciary in Ban Francisco.
Facts and figures have been prepared with
considerable care and attention to details,
a short but appropriate act has been
drafted and it will be presented to the
Legislature this week by San Francisco
men.
The bill will be backed up with a large
volume of evidence calculated to show
that the present number of Superior
Judges in this City is altogether inade
quate to the pressing requirements of the
times and that an increase of six Judges,
making the Superior Court have eighteen
departments, is absolutely needed now.
In support of thesa claims it will be
demonstrated that the legal business oi
San .Francisco has moro than kept pace
with the increase in population; and as
the City has nearly doubled itself in the
number of its inhabitants since the Supe
rior Courts were instituted in 1879, just
eighteen years ago, legal practice hero has
so iar grown in bulk as to hopelessly clog
the courts. Besides the argument and
evidence in favor of the proposed bill, it
is said that there will be powerful backing
from several of the leading lawyers of San
Francisco.
E. P. Cole will go to Sacramento either
Monday or Tuesday with the bill, accom
panied, no doubt, by many prominent at
torneys interested in the measure. He
has been ac*.:ve in the interest of the bill
and has received the assistance of other
lawyers.
"People would be surprised," said be
yesterday, '"if tdey were told that nearly
25,000 cases are pending on the calendars of
the Superior Courts of this City and
County. And yet such is the case, strange
as it nitty seem. Justice is blocked in its
progress. Often we have to wait for
i months to get a hearing, and cases are
■ known to have been on the calendar over
! a year from the date they were at issue.
j What excuse can be made for this condi
-1 tion of things? It is a fact, not a theory,
that confronts us. Nobody can say that
the Superior Judges do not work faith
fully; they work arduously — the hardest,
in fact, of any men in the City Hall. Why,
the way things are nowadays in the Su
perior Court it is a screaming farce. Sev
eral attorneys will agree with me that an
increase in the number of courts is neces
sary."
Mr. Cole will bring to Sacramento a table
of figures that are intended to astonish the
Senators and Assemblymen as to the state
of affairs in the local Superior Courts.
Since the Superior Court was organized
NEW TO-DAY.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT, _A^
C .-77; ,'j) (T — -^— ft
'^ff^f The Strongest and Most Durable Electric Belt in 7^*j^ j^"
q 1^ -!p the World. Its Battery Will Last for Years. Its J*~"^J ft
\ • Vj'Jt^ i Cures Have Made It Famous Everywhere. \ • ••• >T
-^ •■ g \) > J2251
ff *rr.7T"V There were 10,000 Dr. Sanden Electric Belts in use on the Pacific (| „ J: )
' j*-J^J^ ' Coast on the first of January, 1897. There is not a town or hamlet in { J VL* I '
fn ~ re) th ' S vast terr ' tor y which does not know one or more people who are 1^~=5!23£
1 *"•■•"• J!.X V being benefited by its wonderful curative qualities. Electricity has ff^^^"^?
l^i^#\^^ become known as the most effective remedy for the cure of Nervous ' -==-• *-^ = >> *
f*" ~_hl and Chronic ailments, and as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is acknowl- jyT^^^fP
'"• T«% 7 = l» edged by all reputable physicians the most convenient and scientific fif- ----- - )
'J^ jrZ~?m means of getting the great vital force into the body, the demand for 1 JV*^*^ ...
f^~.Z'~ =T^mi this famous appliance has become something wonderful. It never dis- i^i^^^ •
.1 »'• ♦•7" I* appoints any. one who uses it faithfully, and its great reputation is || ±» -gj)
\ _^.-^l,j~, I derived solely from its immense merit as a curative agent. I * 'J'^. '
j xl^ The battery in Dr. Sanden's Belt is unlike that in any oteer elec- T§E23ii|
lj %s i- # • < 7 B trie belt ; it is made in a series of quadruple elements or piles, so ar- {Tj __ _J* 1
I _^r^jr^. I ranged as to get double the electric force that can be had from any | *****
3&_=S&4J other similar appliance. It is insulated in a scientific manner so as to
( — =s? — s=|J make the current steady and even, and its power is warranted for one fj _^. _ *
" \l-^J^l I year. A new belt will be given for every Sanden Belt that wears out # 3* *^B
J -==^-s^^] within one year. With care it will last a lifetime. Only the very E =--_ J == t^=== " -
l| —■ L. J^tl hardest usage will wear it out in a year. The current in it is war- <* "~
1 *^* V!. ¥ ranted to be felt every time it is charged, under a forfeit of $5,000. , ' • .•T.T r /
l^^^"^^f t No other Electric Belt made is constructed with quadruple elements, therefore " »"^ i tp^*&'
ri~ "pi none other can give half the power of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. , JJ^ ~ "^t!^
y TT« •T" ' No other Electric Belt made is insulated, hence all others burn, blister and give (fl ' - >— ■■■31
Ir^_- -= I an irregular, jerky current, if they give any at all. The current from all non- 1 .*_*.* *• r
g"^=-.# r i| insulated Electric Belts is like a red-hot iron touching the skin. . =^-' r '.= = "-==l 5
fa _~_' ;ft No other Electric Belt is guaranteed to last more than two or three months, and JsT
*%,'"• TV* r~V the majority will not last thirty days if they have any power at all. A — -'^— -^ \
T^-^^f Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is incased in a sheath made of the finest I - V*_
1^ —— tL double lined silk, with durable web backing. It also is insulated thor- "^S^^qr
\fr = 7"777T~j» oughly, and the current is given to the body through a regulator, which fit- . -|1
~~~~-j^f enables the patient to turn the current on mild or strong at will. These |V? **!_,■
#~ ?=^tL are features which no other electric belt possesses, "making it the IEESPfI
T ri.TTv strongest and most complete appliance in the world for the cure of all if 7
1 '^Jj^rz^ i diseases for which Electricity is a remedy. »i • • »TT V
j~^S^\ Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has established a permanent reputation W^-'W '
H-^- -^=--t/ in this country by its remarkable and numerous cures. It cures dis- ri 3 ~ J?a5 * : *k
1 l.*-4f-L ' ease and weakness after the failure of all other known remedies Its ' V
j" -~-^~V^ curing is simple, convenient and cheap. This famous Electric' Belt t^i~^
(T-^- -J~nl costs no more than one month's doctor bill, and any one who has tried M" "'^ *j_
r^'-S^* r both will testify to the vast difference in the results. lT -7 7- I
lj^ J^-.^r Thousands of cures have been accomplished by it in this State 'J. *-^ *- 1
ft Jl ,Ttl nan Of mo f P rom , in ent men can be found in Dr. Sanden's book* 3 "^t fc
I■«y* r "Three Classes of Men." It is free, sealed, by mail ' (T -^ ■„. }
V-^^fT Do you -want health ? It is here. Here you can get cured while -I : '-— "- I
(f .. 1) you sleep at night. There is no interference with your daily duties— Tf^^f
' * **» »_»: ' no trouble at all. You have the assistance of the venerable Dr Sin (!---=• I)
' #--^W en who aS devoted thirty years to the practice of. his profession" '-'""I
(TZITI) His whole time is given to his patients. Examination and consultation . V-^^t
* ••• • • 1 tree, v_>all or write. *y' **^»
' -±E r ~^~ _= s-A.^a"x>i3Kr ZBiLixscj'riT.io <-?*-** 4 •*»•"•• r
Z^ZJ 632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRAKCISCO *
N^ *OT«.-JUk. no mutuke lo'ihe aumi'riiess iirk?? SS2^* "^ >Qfl^
liliiiiiiil^^
in 1879 nearly 85,000 cases were commenced
in them. Each succeeding year saw the
number increase. The number of cases
filed in the first nine years after 1579 was
°4 000- in the last nine years it was 34,000,
an increase of approximately 10 000 cases ;
yet when the court was established in 18/9
the new constitution deemed twelve Judges
necessary to carry on the work in ban
Francisco. , ...
The fact is proved that the legal busi
ness has increased 1.50 per centum in the
last eighteen year?. On the organization
of the court in 1879, nine Judges were as
signed to civil cases. Since then tnree
departments have been regularly assicned
to criminal cases, aim two to probate,
leaving sev^n Judge" for civil business.
The civil cases commenced in the nscßl
year 1886, exclusive of probate, criminal,
habeas corpus and insolvency proceedings,
was 2574, including all. 5038; in 1887, civil,
2753, total, 4875; in 1888. civil. 2841, total,
5070; in 1889, civil, 3090. total, 5378; [p
1890, civil, 3448, total. 5754; in 1891. cm],
3572, total, 6116; in 1892, evil, 3896; total,
6638; in 1893. civil, 4158. total. 6585; in
1891, civil, 4877, total. 7247; in 1895, civi ,
5076, total, 7745; in 1896, civil, 4266, total,
6776.
The figures for 1896 do not include ap
peals from the Police Court, which were
not recorded. Mr. Cole believes that a
single glance r.t these figures will con
vince the legislators of the merit of his
fight. The statistics were compiled in the
County Clerk's office and are official.
Yesterday they were scrutinized and care
fully copied for ttie documents to be dis
tributed at the capital.
Deputy County Clerk Piper estimated
that about 20.000 cases are pending on the
calendars of the Superior Courts. This
information is to be used by the men be
hind the bill and be presented with all
the other facts and figures. So it is likely
that a lively wee/c is in store for the law
makers at Sacramento.
STOLEN SILVERWARE.
A # l.ot Found in the Possession of Two
Vnun; 3len.
Gus Wilson and George Burns, two
young men, were arrested last evening by
Detectives Bee and Harper and placed in
the "tanks" at the City Prison pending
an investigation.
The detectives found them with a bun
die of silverware which they were trying
to sell. They took them to their loom in
a house on Mission street, where more
silverware was found.
Among the articles are silver dessert
spoons, marked "M" ; five silver teaspoons,
six silver coffee-spoons, one pair of sugar
tongs, unmarked; a lot of tablespoons,
marked "P," ana a lot of silverware
marked "Annie B. Moody."
The detectives believe these articles
have been stolen and want owners for
them.
New directory Publishers.
W. B. True, Fred Peterson, Leo M. Morris, J.
H. Suits, Alexander Bond, Frank Malioye and
C. L. Bonestell have incorporated the Mer
chants' Publishing Company, for the purpose
of publish. ng directories and other books and
papers. The C4pital stock is fixed at $50,000,
ot which Messrs. Tru<\ Peterson ana Morris
have subscribed $16,500 each and the other
named incorporators have subscribed $100
each.
•— ♦ — •
Cosmopolitan Church Services Sus
pended.
The Cosmopolitan church movement has
taken on greater proportions than was anti
cipated. A reorganization along complete
religious, ethical and economic lines is being
perfected. Pending tho perfecting of the
plans of work taere will be no public services.
DivUion of the Morel Family.
Charles F. Morel ha 1 * bejn granted a divorce
from Marian F. Morel on the ground of de
sertion. Mr. and Mrs. Morel are well known
in San Franci-co. She is a daughter of Fanny
Young, a popular actress.
Sued for a Bicycle Bill.
The A. F. Stapieigh Hardware Company has
sued George W. Simpson as principal and
J. W. Walthall, surety, for $2460 95, said to
be duo for bicycles sold to Simpson.
WON A GREAT
LAW CASE
Arrival of John Campbell,
Counsel for Exiled
Hawaiians.
No Case Like It for Almost 800
Years and Judgment Was
Obtained.
But a Hearing Went From Vanouvsr
to England and Back— Fato
of the Warimoo.
John Campbell, a prominent attorney
of Vancouver, B. C, is among tna
arrivals at the Baldwin. Mr. Camp
bell is of the linn of Wilson &
Campbell, who have just won a legal vic
tory that is being talked about all over the
world. It involved the case of the Ha
waiian exiles, James Cranstoun, Mueller
and J. Johnstone, the latter of San Fran
cisco, who two years ago were deported
from Honolulu on tlie British steamship
Warimoo.
The throe men alluded to were royalists
and were active participants in the revo
lution at the time aforesaid. Ttie repra
senlatives of the Dole Government ar
rested them and forcibly expelled them,
placing them aboard the British ship for
transportation to Vancouver.
Mr. Campbell and his partner, to whom
these cases were taken by the exiles, main
tained that the owners of the Werimoo
were liable for damages on the ground
that they had imprisoned and carried away
these men against their will. Principles
were involved in the case that have been
called up but two or three times in 800
years.
"We maintain," said Mr, Campbell last
night, "that the owners of the Warimoo
had no right to bear a part in carrying
away these men, because when the ship
had got three miles off abore the limit of
the Hawaiian territory was reached and
the Warimoo was under British law. In
taking these men they really made of the
Warimoo a prison. The men could not
jump overboard. They must preserve
their lives. So they were forcibly carried
to another country.
"Suit was therefore brought against the
Warimoo for $50,000 damages in each
case. We lirst brought the suu before a
single Judge and he nonsuited us on the
ground tbut there was no caus? of action.
Then we appealed to the bench of full
Judges of ths province of British Colum
bia. They decided there was a cau-e of
action and from that an appeal was taken
to the Privy Council of England, where
eminent English lawyers advised tbat the
decisions of the courts in British Colum
bia were correct. A new trial was then
had and the jury found a verdict in favor
of James Cranstoun, whose case was the
hrsi to be heard. The other two cases be
ing exactly similar were dependent upon
this case and the end with them will
necessarily be the same.
"From the fact that there have only
been two or three similar causes of action
in about 800 years, the trial of those ca^es
has been looked upon with unusual in
terest. They are destined to h^ure in Uie
annals oi the law to the remotest time."NO DEFICIENCY
SAYS MR. HAWLEY
He Comes to the Defense of
the Old Board of
Education.
But Present Directors Insist That
School Finances Are in
Bad Shape.
Alarm Spreading Through the Depart
ment, ani a Teachers' Petition Is
in Circulation-
While the present Board of Education
is figuring out some way to cope with an
apparently large deficit in the school
fund, Charles 11. Hawley, chairman of
the Finance Committee of the old Board of
E lucation, makes the assertion with, some
emphasis, that "the so-called deficit exists
on. yon paper." Mr. Hawley visited the
offices of the Board of Education yester
day and completed a statement which he
has prepared, to show just what condition
the finances o! the old board were at the
opjn ing of the present year.
4 V rector Waller of the present Board of
■j Ltion takes decided objection to the
iiaiement that the dericit is nothing but
seeping. He also called attention to
what is claimed to be the fact that at the
Jp.st meeting of the old board Mr. Hawley
read a .report in which lie said that the
only mistake made by the board was, in
bis judgment, teat "in figurine of the
fiscal year, -after carrying over a surplus
of $40,000 from the last fi«cal year, and be
fero we knew what our appropriation wss
to be for the present fiscal year, we entered
into a contract for over $50,000 worth of
work, expecting to get an appropriation
from the Supervisors, which did not ma
terialize."
The expert of the present board has
figured out that there is now an actual de
ficit and that this amounted to $41,308 50
at the time of the close of office of the old
board. "Starting with a surplus," says
the expert, "there will be a deficit of not
less than $100,000."
These contradictory views, which affirm
and deny the good management of the
old board, naturally have evoked much
heat. During the past few days, in lact
ever since tne Board of Education met,
the hum of calculation has sounded
through the new City Hall like a buzzing
of bees, growing louder and louder and
angrier. The announcement that the
schools may be closed for one month has
caused no end of discussion. Clearly the
old and new boards are at loggerheads on
facts which will undoubtedly be investi
gated further, now that a challenge has
been thrown out by Mr. Hawley in behalf
of the old board.
The meeting next Wednesday night
ought to be very interesting.
Charles H. Hawley, chairman of the
Finance Committee of the last Board of
Education, has prepared the following
statement of the condition of the school
fund on January 4, 1897:
1896— KKCKIPTS.
July 1, by balance
from Ins: year *41,277 25
July 1. from City taxes $1,742 48
July 1, fioin rents 3.911 75
5,654 23
<L Ar, s . from City taxes.. . 2*20 -
1 A iic, from rents 3,95600
11 Ace, from feesnon-rts- 3,956 00
- from feesnou-res-
I ident j.upils 21800
4,198 30
.-ept.,from fees non-res
ident pupi s 86 00
bep  from City taxes. 34.0 L —"-"I
sept., from rents. 4.382 60
38,493 56
•Oct., from City taxes.. 3.395 11
Oct., rom rests. ...... 3 S6t> 00 .
Ocl., from fees, pupils. 40 00
: 7.30111
Nov., from let's. pupils. 23 00
Nov., from City taxes. 13.831 04
Nov., from rents 4,386 00
18,245 04
Dec, irom City taxes.. 300,76-' 14 j,
tec from reins . 4,155 Oil
Dec., from fees, pupils. 32 00
c v 304,949 14
1897-
Jan. 1. State apportion
ment, first Install
ment due Jan. 1. '97,
received Jan. IV, '97. 413,694 72
Total receipts from July '96,
' to Jan. 4, '97 $833,813 35
EXPENDITURES.
1896— Total demands audited: ■
July, general expenses. .f 99, '.'36 79
Aug., general expenses. 103,762 63
Sept., general expenses. 111.788 -7
Oct., general expenses.. 93,687 51
Nov., general expenses. 69,-91 78
Dec., general ex censes. .157,017 27
634.784 25
Surplus to the credit of the school
fund... $199,029 10
Notk— During the month cf December the
board passed (Ifrnands amounting to $57,021 45,
charged to the Mission High School fund.
Mr. IJawley says that the above report
is a matter of record with the Board of
Education. Ho al«o says: "The daily pa
j.fn since the last board has retired from
office, through the information furnished
L 'Waller, chairman of the finance
»E"W 10-DAT.
A Wonderful Medicine
-*'-: . T -",:ious and Nervous disorders, as Wind
a\' Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddi-
ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of
Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos-
tivenesß, Blotchos on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, &c., when these symptoms are
caused by constipation, as most of them aro.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. Thi3 is no fiction. Every sufferer Is
earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills
and they will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHA^I'S PILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females tocomplete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or irregu-
larities of tho system. For a
Weak Stomach
impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic— tow doses will work won.
" tiers ur>on the Vital Organs; 'strengthening the
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of appe-
tite, and arousing with the Rosebud of
Health the whole physical energy of
the human frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, In all classes of society, and one of
We best guarantees to the Nervous and Deblll-
t»'ed is that Beccham's Pills have the
largest Sale of any Patent Medicine
ill il>e World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL.
• Annual Sales more than, 6,000,000 Bdxe*
25c. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U.S.
Agents. B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
lork, poet paid, upon receipt of price. Book
Ires upon application. [ 5^
committee of the present board, have
been misleading the general public as well
as the teachers of the department on the
condition of the school fund, which re
ports have not been very glowing. The
so-called deficit exists only on paper. If
there is a deficit, which no one can tell at
present, and will not be known until af'.er
the fiscal year has closed, it will not be
the fault of the last board, but of tne Au
ditor and the last Board of Supervisors.
As far as the closing of the schools is con
cerned, it is not necessary. The present
board at the end of the fiscal year can
withhold the teacher's salaries for the
month of June until the second install
ment is received from the State fund,
which will be about July 5 to 8, at which
time the school fund can be closed up for
the year.
"The receipts for the last half of the
fiscal year will not be nearly as large as
the first half, but with a little economy
and not so much paper talk I believe,
without a doubt, there will be no defi
ciency of $90,000 or staring the
Board of Education in the face."
A petition emanating from the Girls'
High School 19 being circulated for sig
natures to the effect that the petitioners
pray the Board of Education to keep
the schools open witu the promise to pay
as soon as :he money is in sight.
School Director Heed, in an interview,
said: "I believe the board has no right
to take away any portion or the whole of
the school teacLers' salaries. They do their
work and they are legally entitled to be
paid for it. It is illegal to deprive them
of it. No one teacher wants to raise
any legal opposition to such action, but if
all the teachers were in accord and took a
united stand against it, it would do some
good. The only way to meet the deficiency
is either to close the schools, for a month
or to make an agreement with the teachers
of the City as a whole by which they would
teach that month without pay, waiving
their rights to salary for that month, and
agreeing to receive it at the beginning of
the fiscal year from an appropriation
especially set aside for that purpose."
A suggestion lias been made by a teacher
thai an open meeting of tne teachers may
be called that they may express their
views.
J. S. SPEAR GOES EAST.
He Will Visit Mark Hanna
and Attend the Inau*
gural.
Mr. Spear Was an Original KcKinley
Man and Voted for Him at the
M;nn?apolis Convention.
Joseph S. Spear, the well-known Repub
lican, leit lor the East last night, accom
panied by Mrs. Spear.
Mr. Spear is one of President-elect Mc-
Kinley's personal friends, and the coming
inaugural is or much interest owing to the
more than usually close relations that
have been sustained between them. Mr.
Spear visited McKinley last summer and
remained some time with him as his
guest at Canton, and as one of the electors
from this State voted lor him at the Min
neapolis convention. It was to Mr.
Spear's effort-* on his return to this State
that the Mclvinley sentiment which per
vaded the voting population wa% largely
due. He was loyal to Ir.s friend and in
s-pired every one with whom he came in
contact with a confidence in the soldier
camlidate from Oiiio.
Air. Spear's plans include a visit to
Mark Hanna at Cleveland and a sojourn
at Washington, D. C, during the inaugu
ral ceremonies.
BUENS WELL EEMEMBEEED.
St. Andrew* Society Will Appropriately
Celebrate His Birthday.
The St. Andrew's Society will celebrate
the one hundred and thirty-eighth anni
versary of the birih of Robert Burns on
Friday evening, January 29, at Scottish
Hall, 105 Larkin street.
The celebration will consist of a short
address, followed by sones and music
from the poet's works and the recitation
of ''Tarn o' Shanter." Ste.-eopticon views
of many places and incidents in the poet's
stormy career, from the thatched cottage
where be was born to the costly mauso
leum erected above the mortal remains,
will be thrown upon the screen. Alter lv
o'clock the lads and lussies will have an
opportunity to "'trip the light fantastic"
to good Scottish music.
The St. Andrew's Society was organized
in September, 1863. Its prime object was
to aid the unfortunate of their -country
men. During the past year alone over 5'X)
needy ones have been kindly assisted by
it 3 practical and tangible philanthropy.
The sick are cared for, friends are com
municated with and when "Death, the
poor man's dearest friend," conies to the
stricken one his remains are reverently
and decently interred.
In addition to the society's work of
helpful beneficence it seeks to advance by
all legitimate means the social improve
ment of its members, encouraging and
stimulating the development of physical
enerey and especially the elevation of
moral character.
The society numbers among its mem
bers some of the foremost men of the City
and it ext nds a cordial invitation to all
"Brither Scots" to familiarize themselves
with its objects and methods. All Scotch
men and sons of Scotchmen are eligible to
membership.
ONLY A LOVELY DEEAM.
The New City Jiail Will >ot Have a
Marble Wairmci.t Yet.
When the City Hall Commissioners
came together yesterday City Attorney
Creswell made a suggestion for the beau
tilieation of the corridors. There is no
money to carry out the wort and he ad
mitted, therefore, that for the present
there will be no such adornment as he had
in mind. He believes that the corridors
could be wainscoted with marble to the
height of fifteen feet and tho walls above
the wainscoting painted in oil, for a cost
of $75,000. Tne length of the corridors is
nearly one and a half miles. The other
Commissioners, Mayor Phflan and
Auditor liroderick, agreed that this would
improve the .ball. The architect was in
structed to prepare a more ornamental
structure for a newsstand than the one
now existing as a news-stand on the
ground floor.
FRIEDLANDER'S ESCAPE.
He Waa Struck by a Bullet, but Not
Wounded.
T. Cary Friedlander, secretary of the
Produce Exchange Call Board, had a nar
row escape on Thursday. He was cross
ing Montgomery street, near the Mills
building, when a bullet struck him in the
back.
it was discovered that a 36 -caliber
cartridge had been placed on the car track
by some "joker," and had been exploded
by a south-bound Montgomery-street car.
The cartridge was loaded, and the bullet
had found its mark in Mr. Friedlander.
Investigation revealed that the bullet,
while sufficiently strongly impelled to
iieal Mr. Friedlander a sharp blow, had
not onrush force to penetrate his clothes.
Yesterday Mr. Friediander's friends were
congratulating him on his escape.
Gardner's Appointment Confirmed.
The appointment of Rev. John Gardner as
Chinese Interpreter for the Customs service
has been confirmed at Washington, D. C. Mr.
Gardner is probably the best Chinese scholar
in the United States. - He has had Ion? ex
perience as an interpreter. He was publicly
commendnd in court for good work by the late
Judge Ogden Hoffman and also by the Chief
Justice of British Columbia. He reads and
writes Chinese waft perfect fluency. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
STAFF-CAPTAIN
DUNHAM EXPECTED
He Will Take Charge of the
"Oversight" of South
ern California.
The Unity Club's Carnival of
Authors in Oakland Next
Week
Calvary Presbyterian Church Buys a
New Lot on Jackson and F.ll
more Streets.
One of the most important changes
made in Saivation Army circles in some
time past will be indicated by the arrival
STAFF CAPTAIN DUNHAM, Who Is Going to Take Charge of
the "Oversight/ in the Salvation Army Work in the South.
of Staff Captain Dunham from St. Louis to
take the oversight of Southern California
In place of Staff Captain Thomas.
He is an officer of wide experience and !
many years' service in the army.
Adjutant Reed of the Salvation Army, j
who has lately been at the Men's Faming j
Home in Oakland, has gone so take charge |
oi the Central California district head
quarters at Sacramento. This appoint
ment will include the oversight of the j
Men's Shelter lately established there.
Thia shelter has met with the unanimous
support of the Supervisors, Chamber of
Commerce and leading citizens and
through its labor department has had the
effect of almost ridding the town of worth
less characters. .
Adjutant and Mrs. McFee, lately in
charge of the social department, U'ti
Wednesday evening for the East. They
go to take charge of a special branch of
the same work in the East. Major and
Mr?. W. W. Wincbell, late of New York,
are taking their place here.
Captain Ella Peters and Lieutenant Rose
Coxe leave on the steamer Australia for
appointments in the Hawaiian Islands.
The Unity Club of the Fir-st Unitarian
Cburch of Oakland will give an entertain- j
ment in the form of an authors' carnival j
at Hamilton Hall next Friday and Satur
day evening?. Scenes from the works of
well-known authors, such as "Trilby,"
will be given, and the event is expected to
attract a large attendance.
Calvary Presbyterian Church at a busi
ness meeting last Wednesday decided to
purchase a new lot on the northeast cor
ner of Filimore and Jackson streets as
a site for a new church.
At the Third Congregational Church
the Emleavorera have bff>n unusually
active lately. A library, tv be devoted i
chiefly to Christian Endeavor literature
and missionary works, has been started,
and U is hoped will prove of great value
to all. On a recent Wednesday evening
these energetic Endeavorers took charge
of the prayer-meeting and a profitable
time was spent in prayer and testimony.
One oi the largest and most enthusiastic
tea meetings ever held by the Church
Extension Society was held last Friday
evening /it Grace Methodist Episcopal
Church. A resolution was introduced for (
a plan to relieve the debt of California- '
street Church. Th* subject will be dis
cussed at the business meeting of the so
ciety next month. Bishop Newman ad
dressed the meeting.
Dr. S. A. Steele, general secretary of
the League of the South Methodist
Church, and editor of the Epworth Era, is
to make a trip to the Pacific Cast in May.
He will be one of the principal speakersof |
the conference to be held in Oakland dur- j
ing that month. This promises to be a
great year for the league in California.
Dr. Berry of the Herald comes to attend I
our District League convention in April.
The members of tne Woman's Christian ;
Temperance Union will give a coffee party j
at the residence of Mrs. F. Rosenburg, !
2205 Buchanan street, on Tuesday even- j
ing, January 26.
On Thursday evening of last week the
election of officer.sof the La'iies' Auxiliary
of the First Hebrew Congregation took j
p'.are, with the following result: Presi-i
dent, Miss Esther Frank; Vice-president, I
Mrs. Hunnah Zeimer; corresponding sec- !
retary. Miss Levy; financial secretary,
Mrs. BH Schwartzbaum; treasurer, Mrs. I
Fannie Cahn.
GOLDEN GATE OABBIVAL.
« <I<l Fellow* Will Meet to Take Action.
University Students Are Interested-
George T. Shaw, grand secretary of the j
Grand Lodge of the I. 0. 0. F., State of I
California, and William H. Barnes, grand I
scribe of the Patriarchal branch, have |
issued a letter to the officers and members
of the subordinate and Rebekah lodges,
encampments and cantons of 6an Fran- '
Cisco, notifying them to attend a special i
meeting in Fraternal Hall, I. 0. O. F. !
buildine, on next Saturday evening, Jan- i
vary 30, at 8 o'clock. The circular says:
'•The opening day of the Carnival of the
Golden Gate will be on April 26, the anni- j
versary of American Odd Fellowship, and
it ha* been suggested that we as an order
take part in the same, making it 'Odd
Fellows' day.' We are assured that it will i
entail no expense on the order, except as !
we might desire to expend it in preparing j
floats, etc., as there has been plenty of j
funds subscribed to make the carnival a ;
success." ,
The grand officers of all the branches of
the order are very favorably impressed I
with the idea, and they expect delegates
present from each lodge at the meeting on
Saturday evening. Representatives of
the executive committee of the Carnival
of the Golden Gate will be present and
confer with the assembled delegates.
The students of the University of Cali
fornia have notified the executive com
mittee that they have appointed a com
mittee of five to center with a like num
ber from Stanford to make ail necessary
arrangements for "college night" during
carnival week, and request that a call be
issued for a meeting of representatives of
the various colleges at the carnival head
quarters on .Saturday, February 8, at 8
o'clock. Stanford has already appointed
ncr delegates.
J. C. Conwell, president of the Cycle
Board of Trade, has issued a call for a spe
cial meeting of the members of that or
ganization to co-operate with the mem
bers of the cycle clubs, the meeting to be
hejd at the California Hotel next Thurs
day evening. January 28, to further con
sider proposed features for "bicycle day."
It is proposed to ca 1 together represen
tatives of the Native Sons and Native
Daughters early in February in order to
form under their auspices several divisions
for the carnival, and to learn what fea
tures they propose to introduce. Nearly
all the local parlors have notified .the ex
ecutive committee of their appointment
of delegates.
QUALIFY AS PHAEMAdISTS.
Candidates Found Competent by the
itate Hoard of I'harmacy.
The regular quarterly meeting of the
California State Board of Pharmacy was
held at the College of Pharmacy. A. J.
Orena of L)s Angeles, who was appointed
by Governor Build, presented himself as 1
member in place of Dr. S. H. Melvin,
whose term had expired. The following
named were granted registration as grad
uates: O. L. Halsell, C. A. Black, J. J.
Keefe, G. T. Noe. G. C. Sprteth. The fol
lowing passed a satisfactory licentiate ex
amination: G. P. Keller, Mratinez: E.
B. Loring, Rohnerv.lle; G. M. LuUrell,
Kan Francisco; M. F. Fleishman, ban
Francisco; M. A. Kennedy, Oakland.
The foilowing-named passed a satisfac
tory assistant examination: E. H.
Gallagher and W. A. Madden, San Fran
cisco; J. B. Rose, Haywards; M. F. Har
rineton Jr., Marysvilie; P. A. De-nek,
Sacramento; J. W. Claj'pool, Santa Rosa.
T;ie following-named were granted
registration as assistants on the licentiate
W. J. Phillips, Los Angeles;
J. P. Bowman, Sacramento; J. M. Sattler,
Port Costa; T. S. Miller, Fresno; E. M.
Ferguson, W. D. Cragoe, San
Francisco; W. G. Lovie, lied wood.
A yprcial meeting for examination will
be held at the Westminster Hotel, Los
Angeles, April 2, at 9 a m.
The regu ar meetin will be held April
14 at 10 a. m , at 113 Fulton street, this
city.
• — ♦— •
Edinburgh University is one of the chief
medical centers in the world. It was
founded in 1582.
NEW TO-DAY.
QUBTrEAT GLOaYaND FUR SALE!
A CtU HElTJffil I BBEFIT TO AIL!
Every Garment in our house new, elegant and stylish. Our prices are less than you
can have any idea of until you examine them. Everything marked in plain figures.
i/l,
Elegant Electric Seal Fur Capes. 16
to 22 in. lone by 120-in. sweep,
style. Always sold for $12.50. t0 ***■
Our Price to Ciear Out, $3.75. "up Price to Clear Out, $21.50.
-Ml -wool Tan Covert Cloth Jack- Finest Wool Seal Capes, 22 inch
ets. This season's latest style; deep by 120-in. sweep, satin lined,
fine buttons. Always for $IK marten edged. Always sold for
Our Price to tor Out, 84.95. to C|eap eu{ $m
tons, tinest cloaKs you can buy. _
Always sold for $25 to $30. china , Seal Far . Collarettes, fine
a n • x m nJ. it\*n m satin-lined, plain or fur-trimmed.
Our Price to Clear Out, $12.50. ****• ™ id for * 12 ■>»■
Beautiful Velour6a^s. beaded and OUr PrJCB tO ClOaT Out, $4.95.
fur- trimmed, silk-iined, 24 to 26 a
in deep by 120-in. swep. Always China .Seal b ur^Coilarettes, fine
have sold for $22 50 and $30 e:!ch. satin-lined, edg d with gray fur.
Oup Price to Bnr Out, 812.50. auVlrice'td^lear Out, 87.50.
All-wool Tan Cloth Cape, strapped
with self cloth. 20 in. deep by 120- China Seal Fur Capes, 16 m. to 20
inch sweep, a warm, stylish cape. in. deep by 120-in. sweep, fancy
Always sold f0r 59.50. silk-lined. Always sold for $22.5 U.
Our Price to Clear 0^3.95. JlupJWoeJo Clear Out, $12.50.
I/CI I V 0 I ICDCC Cioak and Suit House '
IxtLLI aLILDLO 120KearnySt
HE LEFT LITTLE
HERE BUT REGRETS
Will E Fisher's Assets
Give Creditors Small
Consolation.
His Wife, Who h a Loser,
Firmly Declines to Furnish
Assistance.
Charles S Neal Appointed at a Meet
ing cf Cnditors to Prosecute
Their Claim?.
Will E. Fisher's creditors held a meet
ing at the office of his attorneys, Whit
worth & Shurtliff, yesterday forenoon to
discuss the situation. Nothing of a very
cue rful nature was elicited in the discus
sion. Most of the time was spent in con
sidering the liabilities, as the apparent
assets seemed hardly worth mentioning.
There were about thirty creditors in at
tendance, and according to the estimate
of Miss Dorau, Fisner's cashier, there were
liabilities amounting to about $35,000 rep
resented. Of this amount, Mrs. Fisher,
wife of ihe#ebior, is out $21,009- The
esta'e of James G. Fair esif mates its loss
at about $6000, the Wallace estate ciaims
$1500, and the remainder of the liabilities
consists mainly of rents collected for
divers landlords and not accounted for.
The assets are rather an uncertain quan
tity. M:ss Doran valued them at about
$4000, though from their nature it is hard
to tut a definite value upon them. They
consist largely of office fixtures, block
books and other appurtenances tbe real
estate business. Charles A. Shurtiiff, one
ot Fisher's attorney*, stated that Fisher
was in the habit of estimating his assets
ataDOUt $8000, but Mr. Shnrtliff did not
think they would bring $4500. Besides
the liabilities reported Fisher is said to
have some other debts, which are not sup
posed to be large.
His employes are safe, as their claims,
wtrcli are preferred, amount to less than
$100. With all hts delinquencies, he is
t^aid to have always managed to be quite
prompt in his payments to his employes.
Trie meeting of creditors yesterday was
called by Whitwortii it Shurtiiff, as a re
sult oi a letter which they received from
Fisher a. few day- ago. This letter, which
was mailed in this City, requested them
to settle up his ul'fuirs as best they could,
aud stated they would hear from him
again. This firm represented Fisher in
tne suit which was brought against him
by the Fair estate, Dut the attorneys say
they have not seen their client for two
weeks.
At yesterday's meeting a determination
was expressed by all .present not to allow
Fisher to go into insolvency. William H.
Jordan, representing Mrs. Casey, sug
gested that all claims be assigned to one
t'erson, and he could then attach all
Fisher's property, sell it, and after de
uuctiug costs divide the proceeds pro rata
among the creditors. .This suggestion
met with popular favor, and Cuarles S.
Neal, representing the Fair estate, was
appointed assignee of the claims. A
committee consisting of Charles S. Neal,
C. M. Jennings (Fisher's stepson) and E.
P. Blake was appointed to secure the
assignment of creditors.
Mr. Jennings was asked if Mrs. Fisher
was inclined to aid ihe creditors and he
gave a decided negative, stating that she
was already a suffic.ently heavy Josar.
He also stated she wuiild put in her ciaitn
for a pro rata of the proceeds.
There was some talk among the smaller
creditors yesterday of proceeding crimi
nally against. Fiaher, but the larger losers
are too uiucli intent on figuring out how
they are to lessen tfteir looses to thins
much of any criminal action.
Although Fisher's embarrassment was
known to h.s friends ami many of his
business associates, they claim to be
ignorant of ihe cause, as his business
was apparently extensive and lucrative.
Fisher, however, ciaimed tnat his con
tract with Fair for the sale of the Holly
Pa.k lots was unprofitable, and that alter
the expiration of ins contract Fair often
promised to reimburse him. This state
ment he makes in a counter claim to the
Fair suit.
The statement in a morning paper that
Joim McDjniiell, an employe of Fisher,
had aKu cone away, is incorrect. .Mc-
Donnell was in town ye^terda}'.
STEW TO-DAT.
BEGINNING TO-MORROW MORNING (MONDAY)
A CLOTHING SALE
2011) CENTURY!
A sale never before attempted by any Wholesale Clothing Manufacturer
in the United States. . . ■?•'.
- For thirty years it has been our custom, at the end of the season, to sell
i our travelers' samples to the trade at less than the wholesale manufacturing
cost. This year, for the first time in the history of the clothing trade, the
■ public will have a chance to buy these samples at the same prices we would
sell them to the trade.
Our travelers have returned from their season's'work, and now we placa
on sale their entire line of samples at about one-third actual value. We
really lose nothing by this — have already done their duty and we would
have to sell them at these prices to the trade anyway.
The stock of samples is not large, so you must come quickly to get your
pick.
JUST A FEW PRICES:
CHILDREN'S SUITS. «-« «fe£- sl r re& c % r s L
All wool, brown. «ray and blue mixed; double <JI"7 CH CtCl f*\i~\ ttO VZ(~\
breasted; ages 4to 8 years «p/i«JU vpvJ.VjW *pA.D\J
BOYS SUITS.
Ail wool, crtiv mixed worsteds, blue and black
to™^* h e *'*^:.*!?? s . 2 * $12.00 $9.00 $6.00
MENS V SUITS.
Ait wool; blue, b.Kwk, brown and gray Cassi- C2IO Cfi (JJQ cr\ • <C 7 C/"l
meres and Cheviots; sizes 34 to 42 chest ipi^Ln*D\J *^>Z/.Z)kJ vp/.O\J
PROPORTIONATE REDUCTIONS IN OVERCOATS AND TROUSERS.
BROWN^ s * c °
Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon Cit? Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis.
. ALL BLUE SIGNS _^____
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, RENT COL-
LECTORS AND AUCTIONEERS.
Office and Salesroom
14 MONTGOMERY ST., SEAR MARKET.
Miscellaneous Auction Sale,
By order of the Public Administrator, Commis-
sioner, Referee and foreclosure Sale, and for In-
dividuals, as per Catalogue at Salesroom
MONDAY
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1. 1897,
At 12 M.
By Order of Public Administrator j
the Seven Following; Properties:
First— Sloane Estate.
' Number 1212 Kcott St., between Eddy and Ellis:
2-story tr»nie dwelling: ,• bricK fuund:it on, etc.:
renting low at $2.) per month: lot 25x90 feet.
Second — Kdward Simpson Estate.
Numbers 3658-60-62 Twentieth St., bet. Valen-
cia and Guerrero: 2 1-story frame d\ve:liugs in
front, and rear house; lot 25:2x114: fro.ll uouse
renting for $.8 per m nth: reEr lions) vacant.
Third— John F. McMahan Estate.
Number 5 Bernard St., west of Taylor, bet.
Pacific and Broadway: ts-stor^ house; rentiug for
$16 per mouth: lot 23x60; street accepted by the
city.
Fourth— Martin Dougherty Estate.
Number 21 Riplev place, or Prospect place, east
of Fo.soiii st.: 1 ottage of 4 rooms: .ot 50x100 feet;
half block irom electric cars-
Fifth— E.S. Matthews Estate.
s. line of Xii !ey place or Prospect place, run-
ning through to N. line of Mary s:.. 230:9 W. of
Columbia place: 3').\150; 2 frontages, bet. Kol-
soin st. and Columbia place.
Sixth— Mary Sheppard Estate.
18 Natoma St., bet. First and Second; front In
store and 2 tints and rear in 2 flats; rent $38 per
month; lot 23:3x75.
Seventh— Joseph Clyde Estate.
Ocean View— Undivided third interest in lot on
SW. corner of Montana and Capitol sts., W. laox
125.
By Order of P. F. Skelly, Commissioner.
SW. cor. of Filbert and Pierce sts.; lot 62:6
x 137:6.
Foreclosure Sale by Order Wells, Fargo j
& Co. 's Bank.
6 lots facing on the N. line of Washington st.
and s. line of Jackson, bet. Cherry and First aye.;
this propoity is on I'reslilii) Heights, the continu- ;
ation of Pacific Heights, and is rapidly becoming '
very choice residence property.
The four follow. ng properties, by
order of Henry P. Umbsen, referee
of the estate of Fred Ureenham,
deceased :
First. . w-'t'-:
IN W. cor. of O'Fnrrell and Leavenworth st*. ; lot
(only) 25:9x80 to an alley: Improvements belong
to person who has a leas" whi'Mi >-xpires .March 1,
1909: rent $45 until .March 1, 1899, after which
time lie Is to pay $50 Der month mull expiration
of the lease. ,
Second. :
916 18-20 Harrison st., N\V. line. bet. sth and
6th; lot 50x80; renting for 858 per month; 3-story j
ana double 3-story. •'
Third.
215 Clary st. bet 6th and 6th; 25x80: rent 920
per month; 3-story house. • .
, 1 "111 til.
E. line Sawyer St., 72 ft. S. of Vlsitacion aye..
and being lots 8 and 4, Wocic 28, Sunnyvale
Homestead Association: 72x110: being abort dis-
tance from San Bruno aye. and. Six-mile House.
\y •
Mission Cottage.
934 Nineteenth st., bet. Castro and Noe: bay-
window cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 30xt5
Large Lot.
8. line of Army ft, 258:984 K. of Mission;
152:2x115, irregular; also the two lots in the rear
of >ho above, facing on the N. line ot Precita aye.,
averaging 25x175 feet; ready to build on; street
work done complete.
McAllister-Street Lot
.S. line of McAlllsterst. 206 W.of Lyon : 2 lots,
each 25x137:6: good locality fur flats.
A Good Investment.
4 Moultonst , N side, distant 92 feet W.of Mont-
gomery, bet. Green arid Un on: 2 houses, front of |
5 rooms end rear of 6 rooms: a tenements; rent
$11 per month; lot 22:6x62:6.
Call at the oriic* and get catalogue and further
particular*.
G. H. UMBSEN" * CO., Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery St.
COSMOPOIiIT A.N.
Opposite V. 8. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st., sa«
Francisco, Cal The most select family hotel la |
the city. Board and room 91, 91 25 and $1 ill per 1
day, according to room. Meals 25c Uooms 500
»ad 76c •> clay. ' Free coach to «ad from in* ho.oL !
look for the coacfl bearing the jiama of ihe Cor j
■wsauua UOMi. WM. if *U£ V, rxopruutt.
AUCTION
THURSDAY, JASU4RY 28,
AT. 12 M. SHARP, BY
Yon Rhein
tSe CO..
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
LARGE SIXTH-STREET CORNER.
75x125: E. cor. 6th and Shipley sts.: market,
stores and dwellings; outlay of $1000 can in-
crease rents to $300 per month; to clO3e an es-
tate.
McAllister Street— A Grand Lot.
40x137:6: N. (sunny) side of McAllister. 137
feet W. of Pill more; iew better lots for residence
or fiats on the peii.mulit.
WOODWARD'S GARDEN LOTS.
4 Lots— Valencia, bet. 14th and 15th.
4 lots; each 25x10'); E. line of Valencia st,'
120 feet v. of 15th; 14th and Valencia is a promi-
nent- transfer point.
Mission Street, bet 13th and 14lh.
40x100; W. line of .Mission St.; 237 feet S. of
Ridley.
Ridley-Street Building Lot.
25x95: S. line of Ridley St., 65:8 W. of Jessie,
bet. Valencia cable and Mission-st. electric road.
Jensie, Near 13th, Flats— Bents 873.
20x65; No. 1436-38 Jessie St.. S. of Ridley; 2
new flats- each 5 rooms and bath; at reduced
rents of $36.
liUxtiii: .No 14:0-42 Jessie st.; 2 new flats; same
as above; rents $36.
1 Ju'iiHii-Avenue I hit- - Rents 343.
40x94: Noo. 17 to 23 Julian aye.; K. of Va-
lencia St.: "-75 feet •>. of 15th si.; always rented.
NX. Cor. 13th & Stevenson, in 1 or 5 Lota
78:1x135; XX. cor. of 33th and Stevenson sts.,
wi!h Cninese wustihouse: rent $ JO; as a whole or
in 5 lots; 3 (routing Ridley uiid '/ Homing Steven-
son.
Jessie Street— 6 Building Lots near 13th
25x90: W. line of Jessie. 95 feet S. of 13th: 2
lots, each 2f>x7o, adjoining above on the south.
SUZ7O; adjoialnz above on the south.
30x50, wl.u L 40x311; irontlng K. end of Quinn
street. _____
. . Stevenson-Street Building Lots.
4 lots: each 25xt>5: E. line of S tvenson «t., 120
feet N. of i-lth; suitab.e for cotiage^ or flats.
■ Dolores, Opp. High-School Site.
3 lots; E. line of Dolores, S. of 18th; 1 lot 30x85
. and 3 lots each 29x110; commencing 118 feet 3.
oflBthst. ,
Flats near the Park — Kent 953.
25x80; No. 4 3 49 Tremont st., off Waller, near
Claytou; 4 flats; only 2 years built; Haight-su
cars.
Lafayette, near Green— Kent* 838.50.
23x60- No. 7 Lafayette st. ; off Green, near Du-
pony story tenement.
Third Aye., near California— Kent SiO.
26x120: No. 213 Third aye. : modern cottage ; 5
rooms, bah, basement, garden, c.c.
Flats,) '.' 1 st. near Valencia— Rents 939.
25x114; 3:-557-59 21st st.. bet. Valencia and
Guerrero; 2 flat*; rent $39: a third Hat la par-
tially finished; $250 will finish ii completely.
Darolln'g Laundry, Cheuery Street.
100x115 fronting Chenery, and 150x150 front-
in? S. I*. K. K. Fnlrmount lots, 16.2/. frame and
brick building; 100 feet front; lor laundry, dwell-
ing and stable.
Greenwich, K. of Montgomery— Rent 525
43x75: 103-105 Greenwich s:., K. of Montgom-
ery; one 2's:ory hou *•• and 2 co.tagus: wi.h sum*
repair would rent for 9'JB: must be so.d.
Corner York, SGtli mid Serpentine Aye.
120 feet on YorK at.. 69:3 on 28:h and 38 oa
Serpentine; us a whole or in 4 lots.
5 Lots on Frecitii Aye., opp. Howard.
80x123: >. line of Precita. St.. opposite Howard,
500 teet W. of FoUom; nlso in rear of above, fac-
ing California aye. ; 50x120.
Baja California
Dam Bitters
13 A POWERFUL APHIODIsrAC AND
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own Merits:
no long-winded testimonials nece-Bary. y
N'AJBER. ALrS & BKUXK. Agents.
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular)
NEW WESTERN MOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON 8T3.-RB.
modeled and renovated. KINO, WAIID ,* CO.
European plan. Kooms 500 to *1 50 per day, < J
1 to »a per week, «a to *3u per month: tree b»ctu;
hot and cold water every room; lira sr*l«* 14
every room; elevator rum ailolfUt.
1 - ■
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUBTNESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
input In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Mont(romery street,
corner Clay; optn until 9:30 o'cluck.
SB9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
K\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
£M 8 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1805 Polk street: Open nn '1 9:3'>.
CHUKCH NOTICES.
___P FIBS! CHURCH OF CHRIST, Sf IK.N-
l£3? tist— Services at 11 a.m. in Beethoven Hall,
36 Post st. cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons; subject, "Christ Truth, the Healing
Power." Sunday-school for children at the same
hour. "Science and Health" Study Thursday at
Bp. M. in Mystic Hall, 320 Post st. All are wel-
come. .
Ojfr-TEP CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
IS— ? corner of Geary and Powell sts.— Rev. John
He_ph!ii D.H. pastor. Services at 11 A. m. and
7-30 p. M Key. Francis H. «oblnson will preach
morning and evening. Morning service: "le
Deum." X flat (Kroeli) : offertory. "My «-od, My
Father, While I Stray" (Marston). alto solo, Mrs.
Sedgiev Reynolds. Evening service: ••Jiibllßto
Deo" In D (Gerrish>; off rtory, solo and quartet,
•I lay My sins on Jesus" (liawley). All are
cordially Invited.
_-_S~- FIRST— IST. CHURCH, EDDY
_=_? st.. near Jones. — Rev. M. P. Boy n ton,
pastor. Services Sunday, January 24: Preaching
by the pastor »t 11a.m.: subject, "The Heroic
Christ": and .it 7:80 p. m. by Rev. J. Spencer Nor-
• veil, who will begin a series or special meetings.
Sunday-school. 12:30 p. M. Y. P. S. ot'C. K. at
6:30 p M. Bible-reading ea:h day at 3:30 p. M,
and gospel service at 7:45 P M. All the«e ser-
vices are open to the public. strangers are wel-
come^ '
■pi-. THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH,
tt-^^ sw.cor. Geary and Franklin sis. — Rev. Dr.
ins, minister. The Sunday-school is at 9:45.
Bible-class conducted by Rev. Samuel Slocomb.
The morning service Is at 11 o'clock. All are cor-
d ally invited. The evening service is omitted.
■_~3~r» THE SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH,
|£_? cor. Twentieth and Capp sis.— A. J. Wells,
pastor. Mr. Wells will preach at 11 am. and
7:45 p. m. The evening sermon will discuss
"uur Competitive Civilization: Us effect upon
character." All are invited, seats free. Sunday-
school at 9:45 a. m Pastor's residence, 924
Valencia St., corner Liberty.
Bjtrzs= FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.
Ur_? southeast corner Post and Mason sts.— Rev.
G. C. Adams, D.D.. pastor, will preach morning
and evening. Morning service, VI a.m.: theme,
■•Peace " Evening service, 7:30 I*. m.; theme,
••Believe." Sunday-school st 12:45 P. li. Y. P. S.
CE. at 6:80 p. M. Samuel D. Mayer, organist
and musical director.
THIRD CON(iIIEGATIOXAI.CHfRCH,
fS^ Fifteenth si., near Mission— Rev. William
Under, pastor. Services at 11 A. m., subject.
"Fishing on the Wrong side of the Boat," Services
at 7:80 P. M., subject. "Jonah and the Whale."
Sixth in series on the Bible. Music by chorus choir
under direction of William C. Sladtf6ld. All are
cordially Invited.
-j-rrs-- First NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH
t*-s^ (Swedenborgian), O'Farrell street, between
Webster and Fill more — The pastor, Rev. D. V.
.Kowen. will preach in the morning at 11 o'clock,
text, -Being Made Whole." Will lecture in the
fveuing at 7:30, subject, '-The Resurrection."
Scats are free, and nil are cordially invited.
Free Swedenborgian library. Sabbath-school at
10 A. M.
JETS-" FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
S— ? Twelfth St., bet. Howard and Mission-
Preaching morning and evening by the pastor.
1 rank S. Ford. Sunday-school. 9:30 a. m. Y. P.
S. C. E. 6:30 P. M. Sermon subjects— ll a. m.,
••The Philosophy of Prayer: 7:45 p. m., Adver-
tise." N. 8.-^The services are uu to date It every
respect. Ail are welcome. Seals free. Come
cF~^=~ ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM, MASON
B-jS^ and Ellis sts.— forty-fourth anniver-
sary of the Young Men's Christian Association
will be observed this (sun lay) afternoon, com-
mencing at 2:80 O'clOC < , with special praise ser-
vice. Anniversary address delivered by Bishop
Newman seats tree, and the public. both lr.dies
and gentlemen, Invited.
Eit_^s= FRENCH REFORMED CHURCH, 1110
Ur-& Powell st.— Morning service, 11 a. m , "Pre-
Judiceln Religion": evening" service. 7:4.">. second
lecture on "The Hugueno s'' (in English). Rev.
E. .1. Deuprey will preach at both services.
hrrs* SUNDAY services at HOME col-
•S^-^ lege, 3H60 Seventeenth st., bet. Mission
>\ni Valencia, at 2:30 p. m. Discourse by >'. S.
Cramer. -übject. "The Flesh Proli eth Nothing."
Its~S* S. i: THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY —
: -& Free public lecture to-night at Academy of
r-ciences Kail, 819 Market St., at 8 P. if, "Be-
t«eea Two' Eaith Lives,'* by MRS. S. A. HAR-
RIS.
BrsS=> THE THBOSOPHICAL SOCIETY -
; -o' Free nubile lecture "very Sunday at 8
o'clock, Native Sons' lial 414 Mason st. To-
nlcht: "The Power of Thought in Relation to
inunanity." by Mary A. Weils.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
Br^^~E3SET^oTrLOD^"^.'766rF7~J»
kr-S* and A. M.— Special meeting MON-_fl__
DAY, January 25, at 12:3'J p. M., for the^JfTJf
purpose of conducting the funeral services 'XF^
01 our late brother, \V M. J. WRIGHT. Sojourn-
ing brethren and friends arc Invited. By order of
the Master. THEo. E. SMITH, Secretary.
S-E----E-- CALIFORNIA LODGE, I. O. -\j|m"Ti '
Xir~& O. F., No. 1 - Members take -§gjj^3»£_
n tice. you are requested to attend =55'$aS«?
meeting MONDAY EVENING. Janu- -^7/S\v~-
ary 25. Initiatory degree.
W. O. DAY WALT, N. Q.
Charles E. Post, Rec. Sec.
BtTS-- CONCOKDIA LODGE NO. [^
C^-*-" 122. I. O. O. F.-The funeral^fifiSFfe
committee li hereby notified to as- '-S~2>*SJ*S~
eemhle at Odd Fellows' Hall SCN- '■r/in^
' DAY. January 24. at 1 o'clock p. M.. to attend the
fun»ral of our la:e brother, WILLIAM bCHMA-
IjEKE. By order of ihe N. G.
GEORGE SCHBEI, P. G.
Christ Roebkb, Secretary.
isrp~S= 11! - 1 . ANDREW'S SO- _ Cy^i.
Lt~ c cietv will celebrate the 138 th an- A, Im3u
niversary "of the birth of ROBERT 3L_C
I'.LRNson FRIDAY EVENING, Jann- *fc_3»
hry -j<), in .-coltish Hall. 105 Larkin sr. An ad-
dress will be delivered by Captain SCOTT.
SLereopticon views of the piinclpal scenes and
I laces of interest in the land of Burns; songs,
readings, etc., from tne works of the poet by the
followlnz well-known artists: Mrs. J. W. Madden.
Misses Noble, Keane, Lane, lark. Henderson;
Messrs. Coffin, Lloyd, Dlnan, McNair, Coo<c, Gle-
low. Admission 25c.
r^t^= MARINE ENGINEERS' ASSOCIATION
[»-■£' Kb 35— Members are requested to attend
the funeral of our late brother. ARCHIBALD Mo-
KINNON, THIS) DAY (SUNDAY) at 10 a.m.,
from his residence corner Twenty-fifth and De
Haro s;s. THOS. MALCOLMSON, President.
J. J. seakky, ecretary,
|rf~-s= AN ADJOURNED MEETING OF ST.
l_--* ? Patrick's day convention of 1896 will be
held at K. R. B. Hall, Mason and O'Farrell sts.,
on SUNDAY, January 24. 1897, at 2 o'clock p. m.
All Irish-American. National, military, benevo-
lent, literary and social organizations arer quest-
ed to send -five delegaies each. Ex-officers of tor-
mer conventions, grand marshals, ora ors and
poets are entitled to seats In the convention. By
oroer THOMAS R. BANNERMAN, President.
P. J. Met ormick. Secretary.
ceres' kJlTsby consolidated gold
ar-& Mining Company— Not cc Is hereby given
that the regular annual meeting of the stock-
ho ders of the above company w.ll be held at their
ollice, room 7. Mills building, San Francisco, Cal.,
on WEDNESDAY. February 3, 1897.
EDWARD W. HEBaRD. Secretary.
C~K> MASONIC CEMETERY ASSOCIATION —
w^- 15^ The annual meeting of lot-owners In the
Masonic Cemetery will be held at the Masonic
T-iiipeo-i TUESDAY AFTERNOON, February
2. 1897, at 2 o'clock, for the election of three
trustees and such business as may legally come
before It GEtt .1. HOBE, tecretary.
|£7S= THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
to-JS" of the stockholder/- of the National Ice Com-
pany will be had at the . ffice 1 f the company, 327
.Market St.. San Francisco, Cal., on WEDNES-
DAY, the 3d day of February, 1897, at the hour of
11 o'clock A. m., for th« purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for th* ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as*may
come before the meeting.
J. T. DONAHUE, Secretary.
Office 327 Market st., >an Francisco, Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
j£r~S-- MEMBERS OF THE KEIHjjLICAN
«■«■*»• County committee are requested, as a token
of their esteem, to a. tend the lußerai services of
our late colleague, WILLIAM SMADEKE, at 2
p. if. Sunday, at S2O Bush st.
C'iA-. W. ManwaßlNG, Chairman.
|itger» BAD TENANTS UU'ltli FOX »4;
w-* ? collections made, city or country. Paclflo
iriitrmnrfi.jlf, Mmi'-v»- room T»'. b?iH!}
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
OAKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY. FRA-
ternal Hall, Washington St., a; 3p. M. — Mrs.
>reit»;<, the wonderful ballot test medium, will
hold a public seance. Those who have not. heard
her should at' end as her engagement ends this
month. At Bp. _. Prof. Lt-veland will deliver a
lecture which will attract the attention of intclll-
ent people.
ASTER INGALL W. BULL. A 12-YEAR-
-*• old trance speaker, will deliver his maiden
lecture at Pythian Castle, 9J9 Market st., on Mon-
day evening. January 25, at 8 o'clock sharp. Sub-
ject, "How Times Would Have Been Under Mr.
Brvan and How 'limes Will Be Under Mr. McKin-
ley." Admission 10c
mHE WORLD IS MY COUNTRY; TO DO GOOD
1 my religion: the Liberals of San Francisco will
celebrate the. 160 th anniversary of the • birth of
THOMAS PAINE, January 29, at Mozart Hall,
1358 Market st. An excellent programme has
baen prepared, followed by dancing. Admission
25 cents.
/-CALIFORNIA STATE SPIRIT UALIBTS 1
\J Association, Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin street;
Sunday, January 24, at 7:30 p. M.; Mrs. Maude
'... Freitag, the wonderful ballot test medium, will
devote the entire evening 10 giving tests. Skeptics
and unbelievers specially invited. Ad mission 10c.
R SCHLESINGER AND MRS. IRENE
Smith will hold a ten meeting Monday - even-
Ing at Mozart Hall. 1358 Market st. Thomas G.
Newman, editor the Philosophical Journal, will
preside. Admission free.
rPEsr MEETING, 2 P. M.; 10c WASHING-
-1 ton Hall, 35 Eddy st.: 8 p m.. 333 McAllister
-U ; suit, Clemens and others; skeptics Invited, -
SI'XDAV MEETINGS— Continued.
ITHB. RIN-ES- SPIRITUAL SOCIK I V, 909
J\ Markets.., at 11 a. m. an t 2 and 8 p. m..
Mines, sealey and Dunham. Mr. Hargravn, stitts,
Dr. ~-t. Clalr. January i.7, 8 P. M., a benefit oa
worthy worker. A. Welcom and Dr. St. Clair,
managers. 909 Market st.
U Q7 MARKET-FIRST PROGRESSIVE SPIR-
-Ji/I uual Church. 1 1 a. m. test developing cir-
cle; 2 p. M :ests to al, Mrs. Winchester, Mr.
Hnnsen: 8 P. M., tests, articles read, Mrs. Dunhan,
MoKee, Pare ay, Mr. l.ulns and other mediums.
TuTIENDSHIP HAI-li, 326 MCA I. LIST X R
X 1 St. — Professor Cosman will lecture on "Plan-
oloty." Kxaniinations free. Tests by Mrs. C. J.
Mey<-r and others: good music; 8 P. M. ; sittings
daily; skeptics invited.
» T 418 MCALLISTER - MM K . YOUNG'S
test circle to-night, 10c; Professor Young's
orchestra and quartet : astonishing tests.
\. ETItOPOLITAN TKMPLE
l»! Ruthven sjieaks at 2:30 on "Rome the Enemy
of the American Public School.
MAYO-STEERs, TR SCE MEDIUM.
. will resume business at 112V2 Oak st. Pri-
vate readings XL
1 jR-iFKSSOR SCHORIE FROM KUBOP_ AND
A others. Test circles to-day at 2 and 8 p. m.
1031 Market sL
RS. sTFrT.NKK: CIRCLE TO-NKUIT: TESTS
toali; 25c: sittings daily. 311 Van Ness aye.
CEANCE TO-NIGHT; _BS. EGGEBT 'a IT-
O KKN -. also Thursday eve.: 25c. 320 McAllister.
Rr~HANSfcN'STEST MEETING, 107 FIFTH
su, at 11 a. M. and 7;30 P. M . 927 Mission. 10c.
IJROF. MINOOS LECTURES 834 MISSION AT
7:30. Subject, "Infinif law." Adnils'lou. 10c
SITUATIONS WAMED-FEMALE.
rTIRUSTWORTHY' YOUNG LADY WISHES
A position in office, store or business house; ref-
erences. Box 4. Cail Office.
I7XPKRIKNCKD DH»SIIAKER DO TAILOR
J-i work wishes engagements In families; terms
rea onable. 1320 Miss on St.
\V ANTED—BY A YOUNG PERSON, A SITU-
'» ation to do tips', airs worn or take care of chil-
dren: Rood dressmaker and seamstress; wages
$20 per month. Address I* S.. 3^ norland st., city.
/ -OMPKTENT w6maN~WisHES~WORK BY'
VJ day; references. Apply "721 Hyde st.
' OUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION AS
seamstress or general housework in an Ameri
can famllv in the city; wages $20. Address B. C.
box sti. call office.
lICATION WA TED AS HOUSEKEEPER
by an experienced young widow; away from
city; n-ferences exchanged. Address S. /,., box
91." Call Office.
KSPKCTABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION
at upstairs work and walling at table. P , box
49, this office.
Y^ EXPERIENCED DRESSMAKER, POSl-
tion as seamstress In families: permanent Of
by the day; children's clothes a specialty: no ob-
jection to country. Address 180b ivia.ton st.
KFINKD YOUNG LADY OF MANY" AC-
complishmen;s; recently from the East;
speaks 3 languages; desires housekeeper's place;
widower's home preferred. Koom 17, 120 Ellis
St., second 11 or.
»i OMAN "WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
" housecleaningoroffice-cleanin-;, 462i?fc Minna.
IRL WISHES MTU ATION IN FAMILY' OF
2 or 3, housework and plain cooking: city or
Oakland. 1). D., box 56. Call Office.
y OU.NO WOMAN WANTb WORK BY THE
A day washing and cleaning, or would do cham-
berwork and s eep home. Address W.W., box 77,
Call Offic*.
qj t i a 1 ion'wXn'ted by young woman
O in American family; is a good cook ; general
housewort; no objection to smailwash; city ref-
erences: wages $15 to $20. 713 Broadway.
\i~idow ("with 1 cuilu) would like
'» position as housekeeper. Address S. M., box
42. Call Office.
XPCRIENCKD YOUNG SCANDINAVIAN'
wo 1 an wishes work bj- the day: any kind of
housework. 255 Perry St., rear.
7~MJ M l-KTENT \Y OMAN DESIRES W'XsHING
\J or any kind of housewors: terms $1 per day.
Address X., box 11. L all Office.
OOD Fi.KMll "SEAMSTRESS AND MIL".
liner wishes work by tl.e day. Address 2 'Tor-
rens court, off Clay st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
WOMAN WAN TS Mr.N'S WASHING AND
M mending; also plain washing. Apply 211 Na-
toma st.
yOL'Xii GEKMAN WtLu-EDUCAiED LAUY
A wants situaiion to give German lessons and to
help around the noii3e. Address l'orlaud st., bet.
Seventeenth and Kighteenih ur. Guerrero.
SITUATION WANTEIi TO DO GENERAL
0 housework In small family by neat, active,
elderly woman: good cook; city cr country. Call
or address Reliable, 359 Minna st.
OOR WOMAN WANTS WORK BY' DAY',
week or month; will cook, wash or nurse. 94 7
Mission st.
II L'ATION WANTED BY' A COMPETENT
American woman; general housework or cook-
Ing: reference if required. 811 Va Mission st.
niIESSMAKEK AND SEAMSTRESS. FINE
U titter Rnddraper, sews 75c a day or $4 a week.
N. C-, 901 1-olsom St., upsiairs.
IN"D, CABKFUL AMERICAN LADY DE-
slres engagements to nurse in confinement:
thoroughly compeient. Call or address M. G., 650
Howard 5... bast-meai.
rpHOROLUHLY EXPERIENCED GERMAN
A (Protestan:) infant's nurse would take entire
charge of baby in city or country; best refei-
euces. Nurse, box 45, Call 1 ffice,
OOD DRESSMAKER WANTS POSITION IN
private family or housekeeper; is agreeable
and intelligent: city or country. D., box 108, Call.
ELDERLY LADY' WOULD LIKE WORK IN A
small family assisting cooking and house-
work; object home. 226 Filrert st.
IDDLK-AGlO) WOMAN WI-.HES POSl-
tion as housekeeper or as nurse: best of refer-
ence; city or country. Call all wees at 36 Moss st.
off Howard, bet. Sixth an 1 seventh.
1 1 OUD DRESSMAKfc.it WOULD LIKE A FEW
vJT more engagemenis by the day: terms modcr
ate. Addre»s M. s., box 132, CalL
yOU.NU GERMAN-JEWISH GIRL WIsHES
A to do general housework in small family.
Please call 607 .Minna, bet. seventh and Elghtn.
4 USTRIAN W I DO W~O F EXPERIENCE
A. wishes position as working housekeeper for
lodging-hoase or lor lady or gentleman: a good
cook. Call for 3 days, 246 Third St., room 3.
YEAT YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUA-
-»A tlon to do light housework, one who Is willing
and obliging; sleep home in Mission. 11.. 2526
Mission st.
VOUMI GERMAN WOMAN DESIRES ANY
A kind of work by the day; at $1 2a. Address
521 Seventhst.
OPULAR YOUNG SALESLADY', WELL
acquainted In San Francisco, desires a position
as cashier in restaurant; unexceptionable refer-
ences; can «ive bonds if necessary. Address
L. S.. box 108, Call Office.
yOU.NG LADY' LATELY FROM NEW VOKK
A wou'd go as companion to lady; would sew arul
wait on ady. Apply t.05 Ash aye., nr. Laauna st.
IRL WISHES SITUATION TO Do LIGHT
housework and plain cooking; lisht trashing:
wagei *12. Address G., Branch Call Office, 339
Haves st.
"L^XCELLKNT COOK OR HOUSEKEEPER
A_ w;shes employment; Protestant famiy; city
or country. Address .->., box 149, Call Office.
/ 1 OOD FRENCH CuOh W ISHES POSITION
\X as housekeeper in w dow's family or cook in
private house. 10 I'nnover place, oif " Sacramento
s '., bet. Powell mid Mason.
ADY WISHES SEWING OH MENDING TO
-J do at home. Apply 821 Mission st., room 6.
KFINKD FLuKKLY LADY WANTS (II : A P
board in country; neat housekeeper: good cook:
German scholar. Address MRS. GEAMAN, Per-
a ta P. 0., Berkeley, Cal.
'OUSIjUERMAS, WKL.L EDUCATED LADY,
wants to give German lessons and to help
around :he house. Address 2618 Webster st.,
corner Va.lejo.
"V~OlN(i WOMAN JUST FROM FRANCE
A wishes place: teach French; second work or
waltini-; good references. Address Y. L., box 77,
Call Office.
yOU.NIJ LADY WOULD LIKE SITUATION
A to do light housework where she can keep her
young brother. Address M S., 10 Sycamore aye.
IT CATION WANTED BY~GERMAN SEC-
ond girl; is n?at, respectable and willing: also
a good sewer. Address G., box 1-9. Call Office.
\\- I DOW OF~4"0 WISHES POSI I lON AS MAX-
" as;itig or working houtekeeper; Is neat and
economical; references. 813 a Hayes wt.
p ERMAN NURSE WISHED ENGAGEMENT
vj by lady in confinement, sick lady and children.
132 sixth st., room 16.
GERMAN GIRL WISHES PL CE TO
I do upstairs work. Address 8., box 43, Call.
ADY WISHES MEN'S WASHING AND
mending. Call 324 seventh st., Hrst door rear.
TTRA CTIVE WIDOW DESIRES A PLACE
as houtekeeper In widower's house or lodglig-
bouse. Apply, 10 to 5 only, room 5, 1007 Market.
yOL'Nu WIDOW WANTS GENTLEMFN'B
A mendti'g at home. 106 Fourth st., room 2.
WEDJsiH t.IKL WISH i- S WORK BY ~T HE
day; washing, Ironmgor housecleaning. P.ease
call or write v.'64 Minna s:.
AT^JInG OIR«, OF 18, ATTENDING SCHOOI,
A would do housework outside of school hours;
small na.ar.v-. ts., 2526 Mission st.
EBPECTABLE W JUS WANTS WORK
by the day-, washing ironing or cleaning.
335U Twenty-sixth *L, cor. Capp.
ADY HAVING A CHIID TO SUPPORT
wou'd like to have any kind of sewing ior la-
dles and children. Address F., box 39, Call
Branch Office, 339 Hayes st.
IDDLE-AGED LADY WISHES POSITION
as managing housekeeper, or would sew by
the day; no trltiers; no postals. Call or aJdrtsi
MRS. A. M. A., 1.50 1 y* Market st
ANTi-.D— BY' RESPECTABLE MIDDLE-
aged woman, work in private boarding-house
or sin .11 hotel; pood cook or waitress. Call 814
Fiib ri st.
PEFINKD YOUNG LADY, 17 YEARS OLD;
J V wishes home or to be companion 10 some lady:
has musi<al education. MISS L. STONE, Gen-
eral Delivery, Oakland.
A TTRACTIVE^i'OUNG WIDOW, UNINCUM-
-fV bered, desires place M working housekeeper.
122 post st., room _
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
V lI. S 1 -CLASS EASIERN DRESSMAKER
r wishes a tew families to sew for; $1 50 peroay;
best of reiereni't-s Address M. A., 915 Polk st.
Young WOMAN would like position
-I in a hotel as chambermaid. Address 830 Har-
rison st.
p IRL WISHES SITUATION AS CBAMBKR-
vT maid or waitress in city. 781 Mission st.,
room 64.
A CCOMPI.ISHED YOUNG LADY WANTS TO
XL secure a place as housekeeper: bachelor's or
widower's home. Room 2. 223 Post st.
VOU.NU WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
A at housekeeper; city or country. Call 144
Fifth St., room 6.
TAXPKRIE.sCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
-Ti wants work In widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country preferred. 88 Ninth St., room 17:
hours, 11 a. M. to 9 p. M.
KFINED MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW WISHES
housekeepers position for widower or elderly
couple. Call or address Raniona, 100 m 17, cor. of
Thirteenth and liarrison sts., Oakland.
VOU.NU LADY WOULD LIKE SITUATION
Aas seamstress or governess. Apply ISBa
Fourth su. room 4.
AUY EXPERIENCED IN MANAGING
hotel or lodging-hov e desires a position In
same.. Apply 114S Slitter st.
WI.NOHEsTKK HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»' Market: 200 rooms Vsc 10 SI 50 per ni)-ht;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the Jerry.
AN, WIFE AND CHILD WANT 1 OR 2
rooms in rooming-house, where wile can work
for rent. R. S.. box 3, Call.
ANT ADS AND J-I"BaCRIPTIuNa FOR
"lit k Cam. are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s;«.
DUBSORIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes au;
open until 9:3J o'clock.
W COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
slon; branch office of Thj Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
710 LARKLN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 JO CALL: rintlons an ' want ad-i taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
H~ ' NI i X iTaT~C H IX tS X AN£T J APa"-
JJ. nese employment office. 17 Webb St., below
Kearney, nr.Cal.: teLnmin 231. W.C.YOUNO, mgr
APA-nESk I.NTi'.hUIi&NCB AGENCY. 11l
90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st.£el Main 5234.
/CHINESE it PAN i-SE; EST'D 20 YEARS;
V>help;tel.maln 1997. BRADLEY* 0..640 Clay
/CHINESE AND JAPAN EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 411 V2 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 420.
IT A Till WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS
cutter; ci y or country; will sew and make
small jobs. Address B. c. box 43, Call office.
V HOTEL PORTER; FIRST CLASS; CLEAN
and repair line furniture, hang curtains and
lay caipeU; just from the East: no objection to
leaving the city. Address J. s., box 109, Call.
BUTCHEK WANTS WORK: CITY OR COUN-
J3 try: good reference. Address A. 8., box 43,
C..11 office.
VV ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
' » man) as dishwasher, assist in cooking, waiting
or other work: city or country. Flense address
11. MILLER, 631 Sacramento st., room 15.
TNTELLiGEN'4' AND INDUSTRIOUS YOUNG
A in .mi, lirst-class reference, will work cheap at
anything. T. T., box 56. Call Office.
OACHMAN, COMPETENT, STEADY AND
\J careful driver; thoroughly understands his
business in all its branches; experienced in train-
ing young horses. Coachman, box 41, Call Office.
TT 00 KK EEPE R OB ASSISTANT — EXPE-
- 1) rleuced In double-entry bookkeeping, payrolls,
correspondence, invoices, costs, etc.: excellent
recommendations; stenographer; must have
work; $8. WALKER, 737 Mission st.
pAKI'ENTKK WANTS PLAIN FURNISHED
V_-' room iv exchange for carpenter work or fur-
niture repairing. Address J. 11. P., box 73, Call.
TTOUNG MAN N EARING 19. POSSESSING
A good business education, desires position where
genuine merit would secure advancement. WM.
KNAPP, box 11, Call Office.
~ vTls H Kb. POSITION IN STORE OR
Office. 23y 2 RUch st.
ITUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH
coachman in private family: city; good horse-
man ami houseworker; <-aref ul driver; knows the
care of finest carriages and harness; willing and
obliging; four years with one family; best ref-
erence. D., box 160, this office.
AN, MIDDLE-AGED, SCOTC H; CAN COOK,
bake, garden, do housework; handy with
tools: care for stocK: small wages for steady
place. R. M., Call Office, Oakland.
SOBER MAN WANTS ' SITUATION IN FAM-
O ily to garden, care for horses, drive, etc. ; will-
ing to do anything about place; references; city,
Oakland or San Rafael. J. 0., box 119, Call.
\ r OUNG MAN WANT.- WORK ABOUT PKI-
. vale place; care for horses, drive and bo gen-
erally useful: firsi-class driver; sober: first-class
references furnished. O. G., box 105, Call.
"L~X EN CE"d" " ELEVATOR-MAN WOULD
J_ ike position; good references. J. IV, box 43,
Call Office.
XPERIENIEI) SALESMAN AND BOOK-
keeper, possessing knowledge of German, de-
sire* situation in city or out of town. Salesman,
box 2. Call.
LDERLY MAN. GOOD KiTCHEN-HAND,
J would like position to help in kitchen for his
living. Please call 227 Minna St., P. p.
/ iERMAN MAN AND WIFE WOULD LIKE
VJ to take charge of place in country: man good
farmer and well experienced in wines: wife good
cook and housekeeper: can give good reference.
Address 81.2 Kearny st., room 24.
C COMPETENT. RELIABLE MAN. WITH
J references, wants charge of stock ranch on
shares or otherwise. Apply J.l'. JOHNSTON <fc
CO.. 872 Broadway, Oakland.
BY YOUNG GERMAN, POSITION AS CLERK
in cash grocery; have had some experience:
object, future partnership. Address G. C., box 52,
Call Office.
ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN. SITUATION
as porter; has been shipping cltrk ; is a good
glass and dry-goods packer; Eastern experience.
U. S. W , box 131, Call Office.
r OU>G BOY' WHO UNDERSTANDS PLAIN
JL cooking and waiting (good speaker) wants per-
manent position as schoolboy; city. Address
JAPANESE PETER, 1909 Flllmor« St.
PAINTER AND PAPER-HANGER, TEMP-
crate, with best references, will work very
cheap; day or job; city or country. J. ARDELL,
1044 Folsom st.
AN AND WIFE WILL TAKE CHARGE OF
or assist in lodging- house on reasonable terms.
Address O. P., box 89, Call Office.
ituation wanted "by a young
O brl-~h" boy 12 years old In an office:, speaks
French and Encllsh. Address 1027 Clay st.
E"XPERIENCKD MAN WAN is TO RAISE
S-J end can beiries on shares S., box 7, Call.
1.. AKriER WISHKS POSITION IN 16c s»H')Pj
1> would take a steady position evening and fiHt-
urday : good habits an I references. Address B. >!.,
; box 37. Call Office.
OBER, YOUNG MARRIED MAN, WITH
0 best of references, wishes employment as
teams er or any other work; city or country.
S.Y., box 76, Call Office.
\ r OUNG MAN -PEAKING GERMAN AND
A English, handy with tools, a good d river, wall
acquainted, wishes a situation. Address A. R.,
box 14, Ca I Office.
VOUNH MAN (AMERICAN) WISHES A PO-
A sltlon where there Is no Sunday work: good
habits and California references. Address O. M.,
box 37, Call Office.
\y ANTED — MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN
'" with references wants si uation as gardener
and general work about private place; horses, cow;
handy with tools; moderate wages. Address Wil-
ling, box 119. 1 all- Office.
POSITION WAN iED BY EXPERIKNCED
1 jewelry, leather gooJs and notion salesman:
also good window-dresser; best references. Ad-
dress Ref, box 1. Call Office.
CODER AND R LIABLE YOUNG MAN
O wants situation as porter or driver; not afraid
to work. Address 11. R., box 11, Call Office, Oak-
land.
IPDLE-\GED"gERMAN WISHES SITUA-
i'JL tion as janitor-, han.ly with tools: references.
H. F , box 1, Call Office.
YOUNG MAN. 21. WISHES A SITUATION
A as fireman or coal-passer; experience of three
years. Address J. L., box 122, Vallcjo.
achTnist would "llke POSiTION to
take charge of engine; city or country. C. M.
11.. 10 Steuart st.
THONG YOUNG MAN WITH EXPERI-
ence as watchman; wi-mes situation; has best
of references and can give good security: can at.-
tend to enieinc or do other work If desired. Ad-
dress 8. .b0x 1. Call Office.
/- ARDKN R, GERMAN. SINGLE, WHO
" .1 thoroughly understands landscape gardening,
carpet bedding, greenhouse, orchard and vegeta-
ble growing, and who has first-class reierences of
some of the best known private places In this
state wishes a situa:lon in a private or public
place. Address B. 8., box 40, Call Office.
■_ MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
~i Call: want ads and subscriptions lateen.
•J«_)U HAVES ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
*JOY The Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
st. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Tt Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
£07 MONTGOMERY, CORNER OF CLAY-
O£ I open until 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken. ■
INCHI-STER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to SI 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. |
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
VV/ OMAN cboic" plain "board ing^house",
'• mar city, $20; ranch co tks, *15 and $20;
girl, care of children and light housework, no
cooking, $15. and others, at MURRAY' <fc
HEADY.-, Leading Employment Agents, 034-
- st. ' . .- ..
yOL'Nu WOMAN TOCOOK FOR A FEW MEN,
J. country. $16, fare paid. MURRAY <fe READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 684-636 Clay st. --
GIRL TO ASSIST AT HOUSEWORK: REF-
erences. 3448 Twentieth st,, cor. Capp, after
9 a, it'
fTFT>P WANTED-t'nntlnnM.
OFFICE FKE REDUCED: 25 CTS.; GIRLS OF
all nationalities to fill various positions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason st.
T3ELIAbLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN. PROT-
-IV estant; for general housework; small family;
steady place; wages 58. X.. box ts, Call Office,
Oakland.
WANTKD-GIKL FOR GENERAL HOUSK-
work in family of 2: must be goo.l cook. Ap-
ply this afiernoon be-. 1 and 4 43:iJ/ 2 Hayes sU
GIRL WANTED TO DO GENERAL HoUSE-
work: wages $10. 843 Castro st.
ANTED- A FIRST-CLASS WAIST TRIM-
TT mer. Address L. a, box 11. Call Office.
A PPREXTICE WAN ■ED FOR DRESSMAK-
XV ing: good sewer. 424 Post st.
,- ANTED — GIRL WHO UNDERSTANDS
German cooking; references reauired. 2311
Broadway.
BRIGHT WOMAN, PAST 30. ABLE AND
willii g to work, to take entire management of
wholesale office. E. D., box 112. Ca 1 Office.
ANTE.— LADIES-sloo IX GOLD FREE.
Cut this out and save I . This sd. may not ap-
pear again. Who can fo.-m the greatest number of
words from the letters in KNDr-.A VOR-? You
can make twenty or more, words, we feel sure, and
if you no '-ou will receive a good reward. Use no
letter unless found in the word. Use no language
except English. Use any dictionnrr. i -ronoui s,
nouns, verbs, adverbs, "prefixes, sufUxes, a jec-
tlves, proper nouns, plurals allowed. Anything
that Is a legitimate word. Work it out In this
manner: Endeavors, en, end ends, near, hoc 1 ,
nous, dear, deer, ear, ears, and, or, oie, oar. oars,
etc. Use these words in your list- The publisher
of Woman's World and Jknxkss Miller
Monthly, will pay '20 in gold to the. person able
to make the largest list of wo ds from the let-
ters In th« word ENDEAVORS, $ 0 for the
second, $5 for the third, $-> for the fourta
and $2 each for the thirty next larjest lists
The above rewards are given free and without
consideration for the purpose of attracting atten-
tion to our handsome woman's magazine, thirty-
six pages, one hundred and forty-four long col-
umns, finely illustrated, and i 11 original matter,
long and short stories by the best authors: price,
$1 per year. It is necessary tor you. to enter the
contest, to send twelve two-cent stumps for a
three months' trial subscription with your list of
wir.li, and every persun sending the 24 cents and
a list of twenty words or more is guaranteed an
extra present, by return mail (in addition to the
magaeiue). or a 176-page book, "Beyond Recall,"
by Adeline Sergeant— a powerful lovo romance.
Satisfaction guaranteed in every case or money
refunded. Lists should be sent at once, and not
later than March 15. The mimes and addresses of
successful contestants will be printed in April
issue, published in March. Our publication has
been established nine years. We ief r you to any
mercantile agency for" our standing- Make your
list now. Address J. H. PLIM-MER, Publisher.
225-6-7 Temple Court building, Department M. C.
j New York City.
\V ANTE I)— PUPILS FOR A PRACTICAL
M millinery school; course thorough; class now
forming lor spring work; satisfaction guaranteed:
evening classes. 221/2 Geary or 410 Leavenworth.
ECOME QUICK AT FIGURES: M. V SYSTEM
JJ guaranteed to make you. low rate in club now
forming; cail at room 57 2, 855 Market St., for il-
lustration. TAR P., Accountant.
F. DHEbSCUTTING SCHOOL— FRENCH
• tal'or system taught. 916 Market St., rm. 54.
1/LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
X 1 Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week. •
(*-\ C LAIfKIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
UJ-«J Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
PERFECT BTTTING7 aVd LISII DRESS
X cutting and making taught; easy payments;
unlimited lessons; patterns 25c. |Mc;DOWELL
Dres->cuitins School, 636 Market st.
W ANTED— MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAH-
"T her trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given;
catalogue Benu S. F. Barber School, 1516 Howard.
]]/■ NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
ILUtiik Call; subscription and want ads
taken.
T A WHENCE CUTII.NO SCHOOL Is THE
XJ only reliable place for patterns; every one
guaranteed to be perfec. 1231 Market su
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baei;as;a to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED;
O RUBBERS ON RACE TROTTERS. SEE
— boss here; pruner: 3 farmers. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
OTEL CLE ; X AND RUNNER. $25 TO $30
and found: 2 cooks; - waiters: 2 dishwash-
ers. MURRAY & RKADY. Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 034 and 636 Clay st.
yORtMA.N FOR A RANCH! WRITE US
.F full particulars, experience, eic. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
SI : > N I > COO K. HOT u NORTH. $60: NEAT
upsiairs porter, with good r -Terences, hotel,
$^5. C. K. It ANsEN & CO., 110 lieary St.
ACHIMST AND PUMPMAN FoR A MINE
in Napa County. $71 50 per month and tree
rent, married man preferred, references required;
second cook' tor coffee-house, $25; also farmers.
teamsters, coots, waiters, etc W. D. KWEU
CO.. 626 Clay st.
MEN OR WOMEN TO WORK FOR US DAY
or evening at their homes: pleasant work;
no canvassing; experience unnecessary; we pay
salary; Inclose stamp for particulars. s;nndurJ
Mfg. Co, 142 West Twenty-ihlrd St., New York.
WANTED— APPRENTICE IN CIVIL AND
"' mining engineering and assuy; age over '20;
must have knowledge of mathematics: no salary
first year. Address N. V.', box 33, Call OHice.
4 GENTS, SAIESMKN AND DE vLKRS
I\. wanted ; greatest littlp invention and novelty
'just out." Address Novell* Export Company,
1270 Broadway, New YorK City.
'ANTED TO-DAY— ACTIVE MAN WILL-
T» lnc to work and invest; $10 cash; $20 weekly
guaranteed; also man with small capital as mana-
tser of brant h office; good pay. 215 >ansome, r. 12.
ANTED— 2 MEN OF GOOD ADDRESS TO
»» solicit: good salary; permanent position. Ap-
ply bet. 7::<0 and 8:30 a. m., H. A. McCALL, room
10, Macdonough building, Oakland.
OY WITH GOOD EXPERIENCE; GENTS'
1> furnishing business. Call 1 to 3, 011 Mont-
gomery st.
L/ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE: THE BESl 1
I> 4-chalr shop on Third St.: good location; tine
fixtures. STOL 1 630 Market st.
AKHEK WASHSI ANDS, 1, 2 AND 3 BOWLS,
cheap. H. HUF&CUMIDT. 623 Golden Gate
avenue.
EL'OMIi QUICK AT FIGURE^; MY SYS-
tem guaranteed to make you: low rate in club
now forming. Call ■at R., 672-855 Market St., for
illustration, TAJIK, accountant. ' .
W ANTED — SOLICITOR FOR * "BRYAN'S
»» Battle tor Free silver," with biograpny Bryan
and wife; also speeches; bonanza for agents;
tremeudoiM demand; commission 50 per cent:
credit. given; freight paid; outfits lree; write
quick. DwMiNION CO., Chicago. •
IF YOU WANT LIGHT AND PROFITABLE
employment call »t 1 13 Valencia st.
ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
school supplies. WhitaKer-Ray C 0. .723 Markt
AMVD —PI A NO-PL \Yr.R WHO CAN
sing. Apply -:35 O'Farreil st.
ipOR SALE— BARBER-&.H Of, WITH THREE
-T chairs, if desired; also household furniture;
would exchange for country shop also. Address
Barber, box 6, Call.
VI, 1 AST D— A PAR! NER 1 0 ASSIST THE
"T inventor in handling good patents. Address
O. M. 8., 454 Ninth sU, Oakland.
BOY WANTED— O"NE~LTV with HIS
parents. App y News Letter, 6 a Kearny st.
VI ESSE.NGER-BOY; STATE AGE AND GIVE
I>l reference. Apply P. O. box 2048.
A GENTS FOR A MERCHANT TAILOR;
A only experienced need apply. 625 Geary si.
I /OR SALE— THREE-CHAIR RBER-SHOP;
. cheap. A. B. C. box 104. Call Office.
AN FOR INSIDE WORK IN PRINTING
office: one who will Invest small capital and
become a partner, prtferable .0 hired help; fine
opportunity offered: established 7 years. Address
J. J., box 16, Call Office. :
STYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order, $2 60. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
ECRUiIb WANTED rOR THK U. 9. MA-
iX rlne Corps, U. s". Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come such: must be of good character an I habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 5 feet 6 inches and 6 feet In height. For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills St., San Francisco, Cat.
lIP NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 1 U The Call; subscription and want ads.
taken. - : ■
AKBKR.V PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY
JJ nofnt. RFcrnnrr. CONRAD 'i'ROKLL. 657 C!* 7
DAKiitlt>- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL &KU
I-> P. C Barbers' Assn. X J-'UCHs, 325 Grant ava.
OURNEYiIEN BARt.KKo' I'LU VMiiiN f
O ReTetarv .H. BERNARD. 102 >eventh st.
LCIIuHOU.-h, Bb3Vj MARKEI B>T.— KuoMd
20c, 25c to 60c night: $1 to $2 wee*.
9^l Q MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
m.OLO want ads taken for THE CALL.
KooalsiSc'io 76cPiiR MUii'ii 50c- J.u »i
per week." Oriental. 225 Drumm ru ;
INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS: 16c A NIGHT:
0 76c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
Vlf ANTKD— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»" to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Thirds'.: 15U
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to 93 i<er week.
\y ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTION.^ FOR
'» The Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sis,
W ANTED, 1 ! \j COLLECT WAGEaDUK LABOK
•■ruAclerKi. KNoX Collection Agcr. 110 Huttsc
OC I Q MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
m.U LO 'l'uic Call: subscriptions and want ads
taken. , ; - . , ... '.
simo.s WANTS 10U Mi'.XS to vET boi-
. lie beer or wine Be: . be, free lunch. 643 CUf.
'|1«V AC'MK HOUsli. »a 7 11AKKK1 1 ST.. BK-
J. low With, for a room; v!n- n night: $1 « wiw^.
"DOSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
i-V nlshed rooms, 20c to 26c night; $1 to $1 50 wk.
L»E>T IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 16, 20 AND
-L* 25 cents per night: $1. $1 «5, $1 50 per week.
I'acihc House, Commercial ana LeidesdorS its..
HKLP WANTED- j
\\r ANTED— IDEA: WHO CANTHINK OP
* * some simple thing to ■ patent? Protect roar
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington. D. C for their $14100 prUd
cfler ami list of 200 inventions wanted.
\\l ANTED— SINGL& ROOM>. 16c A DAY; «1
TT week; rooms for 2, 250 a day. $1 50 » week;
leadinK-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
"U~INCHESTKK HOUSE, 44 THIKD ST., NR.
•' Maricet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room? tree bu* and ba'cage to and from the ferry.
| 1 |||i MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150
: 1"'VI and 20c a night. Including coffee ana rolls.
I t24 Washington st. . near Kearnv.
\\T ANTED. YOUR SHOES —WE itKl'AI li
TT shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoes repairs!
at night while you wait: laaies' soling, 35c; moir i
tollng, 60c; tine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoo* been damaged by water. at
less thau one-fourth' their value, from 25c up tJ
$2 50. 662 Mission St.. bet. First s:. and Second V.
AGENTS WANTED.
WE WANT TO NEGOTIATE WITH RE-
sponsible parties a lout exclusive right for our
ch'Ck card machines; pertectly legitimate; wri c
at once THE LEo CAN DA CO., Cincinnati, Ohio.
\\r ANTED— LADY OH GENT".EM\N TO RE-
»T present well-estaUishi-d house; $50 per month
guaranteed, i ail or ad. room 17. 318 Pine St.. S. F.
GENTS— HUSTLERS MAKK $5 DAILY
selling the only revo ving griddle-cake turner;
sample 20c. O. E. MICKEL, sole mauufactory,
Haverhlll, Mass.
A LUMINUM IS TAKING THE LEAD OF
xV all ar.lcles for agents; most money; quickest
made: deal direct; cheapest; send for catalogue.
ALUMINUM NOVELTY CO., Suiter St., San
Francisco. : . .
ANTED— LADY AND GENTLEMAN
agents to se!l our transparent knives and
gooas; good wages made; also best mopwringer,
pail ana mop: send stamp for circulars. Address
MAJOR A. VIGNOs, Canton, Ohio.
\ GENTS— A LOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
.iV publication since Grant's book is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections"; every on« want*
the book written by the commander-in-chief of the
United States army; first agent's commission
$22 in 3 hours. E. 'PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department. The Whiiaker a Ray Company
723 Market st.
BOOMS "WANTED'
ANTED— B SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
TT keeping rooms in northern or western section:
2 children: rent must exceed $15; best refer-
ences. JOHNSON, box 138, all.
V' OUNG MAN, PERMANENT, WISHES
A room: In family where there are young
ladies preferred; state price. Room, box 119,
Call Office.
TWO OR THREE SUNNY UNFURNISHED
housekeeping rooms by a lady. Address with
to- ma. R..box 30, ('ml Office.
BOARDING WANTED.
T*rATsT7iD^SY~AN eTdTTuly^joupleT^
'» sunny rooms, unfurnished preferred, lv a
quiet family, with board: terms $50; best refer-
ences; not temporary. P. P., box 16, Call.
ANTrD— FUR.NISHED OR UNFURNISU'D
sunny room, with board, for lady and child.
Address J. E., box 104, Call.
W ANTED— BO A D AND LODGING FOR
•T mechanic with 2 chi'dren. W. P.. box 44, Call.
V PIANO WANTED.
ANTED— USE OF GOOD PIANO FOR ITS
storage or will give lessons in exchange. Ad-
dress Piano, box 72, Call Office.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
W~jTn T^D^l^O^MXTTr^^lO^^^OßKS
nights: 91 per week; Stockton and Geary. Ad-
dress J. s., box 142, Call Office.
W ANTED TO BUY 1000 1)1 vE US' SKINS.
»T Arctic Fur Co.. Spreckels building. 925 Market.
Ij UILDINi.S BUbbllT; LUMBER, SASIIE"i
X) doors, mantels, etc, for sale. 1166 Mission st.
ELL YOUR BOOK*, CLOTHING AMD JEW-
O elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.; send postal.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
M^" R^sTdß. fTcLA^ilK,' TUE~W O RLIJ'^MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't fall
to see her If you are interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, interest you: if
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.; In a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours tt a. m. to «p. 11.. strict. N. B.— satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp tor pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLaRK, 1206 Mar-
ket st.. DarlorS 25 and 26. Take elevator.
.Mil LE NORMAND, GREATEST CLAIR-
. voyant in the world: permanently located
where slit- can b" consulted on all affairs of life;
life t harts from $1 50 up; reading by mall 50c. In
order to reach alt classes and suit tbe limes I have
reduced my price of private sittings to 25c. call
and be convinced. C.it this out. Office, 1 Polk st.
\,j ME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
J.YI er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help; restores lost love hy sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1 : letter $2. 929 Post st., nr Larkln.
ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant card-reader: born with aouble veil
and second sight; diagnoses diseases, with full lite
reading; ladies, 50c: gents. $1; palmistry «nd
clairvoyant sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk St., nr Jones.
I YPSY QUEEN. MAhVEL OF MANY
I VJT lands, magnetist; past accurately reviewed;
I future precisely foretold :'love and business spe-
I cialty: mines located; letters answered. Room 1,
! 1 Finn ft.
ME. LENEMAR, FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets; predicted "74" passengers steamer
Island. 815 Mission st.
ME. X v VENA READS LlFjs FLUEN I LV ;
business advice: names given; 25c up.s Fourth
ME. HANStN: THE BEST FUTURE St,C-
cess assured: 25c: one price. 41 Minna st.
\I'SY LIFE -READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st , nr. Market; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
RS. B. BAUM ANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant in the city. Residence. 132 Turk st.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM. CRADLb. TO
grave; pictures given:ladles 25c: 914 O'Farreil.
ME HANSEN, PALMIST, CARD- READER;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th st. , r. a.
\1 ME. MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medium in city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st-
M~~ ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS: LAj
dl°s. 25c; gents, 80c. 961 Mission, nr. 6th.
\jJlli RUTH HARRISON OF N. V., MAG-
I'l netlc healer; card-reader. R. 17. 109 a Powell.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
C V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
SPIRITUALISM. ~
ly ANTED- TO LEASE OR PURCHASE ON
»» Installment, or trade for timber land, a small
cottage suitable for seances. SWAIN, 61 Fifth st.
A,l RS. C. J. MEYER, CIR. THIS EVE., TUES..
iTI Wed. and Fri., 2 p. m. : trance dr., Mon. and
Fri. eve., 25c: sittings dally. 326 McAllister st.
MMX. OSMAN. SPli.il UAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
Iss MAUD FOSTER, BUSINESS me-
dium. room 8, 28y a ?-lxih st.
MiS J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium <& me reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FUANIMS. INDEPENDENT SLATE
• writer. 118 Halcht st.; hours 9 until 6p. m.
\| KS. ELLIS, MEDIUM: SITTINOS.9 TO B, $1;
SI rirol.-sTnes , Kri.. 2p. M. 250. 233 Valencia.
ASTKOLOGV.
Ap^^T^lFE^l^mjiA^NDFTE^lTFY^l^E^
J- vta! past and future; send 2Sc for character
sketch and diseases; birthplace: year, sex, month,
hour, a.m. or p. m. if possible. PROF. BAIRD,
Astrologer, box 4 He San Jo c, Cal.
HYPNOTISM.
YTNoTI^M^SCIcTNT^roXLTY^T^miH^
cress crtd.Hypnoilc.Mesm>Tlclns.6O'Fßrrea
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
TTOR SALE— TO BE REMOVED;~A~WELt
X built barn; suitable for remodeling; located
near Van Nesi a-ve. and California st. For parti-
culars, addresi W. H. BAOOE, 1740 Mission sU
flu I() F. (\ NEW HOME SEWING-
-0 I mi, O\j . machine; 5 drawers, attachments.
2437 Mission St., nr. Twenty-first.
OOD EXPRESS WAGON: PRICE $30.
BROWN, 1420 Broadway, In rear.
EW ELMWOoD RANGES ARE the best.
-l\ W. a RAY MFG. CO, 12 California st.
I iOILERS,ENG IN ES,^D-~11 A.\ V MACHINERY
13 water-pipes. Mclntosh it Wolpman. 137 Beale.
ARS, BACK. BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
D cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture aud fixtures, new and
secondhand. J. Nc ON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission s  above Sixth.
ARS, SCALES. MIRROR-, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought,' sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
ATIONAL CASH REIUyi'ER, GOOD OR-
Vi der; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st.
OrKKE MI LL..&UAL&S, LETTER PRESS,
) stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
1 ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. SHELV-
I' inif, etc.. t ought and sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
NE. SMALL MEDIUM AND LAKGE-SIZK
tire and burglar proof safe. -109-111 Market ai.
. SEWING MACHINES. .
SHEWING M ACh7neT~~BOUQHT. SOLD
rented.and repaired. . 145 Sixth st.
ll kind.-! BOUGHT. bOLD, exchanged,
rented .repaired: lowest rates. '205 Fourth su
, . PHYSICIANS. , — —
R^cTcTTrDON NELIT^2O6
\J uoldenCiate ay. ; diseases of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW WISHES CORRE-
J\'l spondence with gentleman over 40, who de-
sires room and board. Address M , box 40, CalL
INFORMATION OF THE WHEREABOUTS
I of o M McCLOUD and wife, last heard of were
in oakiand In 1894 Write C. S. SAMUELS..N,
New Atlantic Hotel. San rancisca
T EVY-WILL MR. LEVY. LATE OF 610%
L Polk St., send address. GROVES, str. Monowau
/OPERATIC "CONCERT OF PROF. JOS. OKA-
ITS Hfen^n P co7tu C mcs C r r begrn^g
and Jones sts., rooms 121-122.
"I ADY WANTS NICE KLDKHLY GENTLE-
L man to ta^e Interest l» bu«li>e»; sma 1 capital
required. Address Y. Z-. box 9, Call Office,
Oakland. ■ . __
RACES: INFALLIBLE SYSTEM; ■*££]*■
teed to win dally at track: investigation
solicited; personal instruction given; terms $D.
Latonia, box 107, this office.
ATERVOUS PEOPLE  ,
il shoulu lose no time, but go at once to the only
place that can mace them perfec ly well. _,__
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS
will drive away all that nervous trouble, Iry
them ouce and you will Know it too. Go 10-day to
1533 Buchanan st. ,
Consultation iree; 1 to 3 and 6 to 8, Sundays 10
to 12. „__
"WHAT JSTHE USE, MR. LEDKRER,"
W said a lady, "of paying 60ctfntsto have one »
hair dressed only fairly, when you do it so excel-
lently for only 25 cents?" And that's what I say.
Shampooing the hair and treating the scalp with
QUINONIA hair tonic 60 cents. G. LEDKRER,
111 Stockton su
HE RAFFLE WHICH WAS TO TAKE
place the 23d for the grand painting, "The
Finding of Moses," will be postponed until Febru-
ary 20 A. JACKSON BLOOM, ar:lst.
HY LOSE YOUR HAIR. WHEN IT CAN
be saved; consult ¥.. E. McLEAN. physician
for the hair: best city references. Rooms 714 and
715 Spreckels Building, 927 Market St.
DVICr. FREE; DIVORCE LAWn A SPEC-
ialty: private; no fee without success; pro-
• bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
deeds, damages, etc: private detectives: estab-
-1 isheu 10 years. G. W. HOWE, H5O Market St.
Vouk YOUNG GIRLS WANTED to WORK
-T In music hall in southern Dart of State on per-
centage: good inducements given. Apply 925
Washington St.. upstairs.
LADIES— YOUR BUST ENLARGED SIX IN-
ches; failure impossible; results guaranteed;
1000 testimonials; book aud full particulars sealed
4 cents. A ll rum Medicine Co., Dept. E. L., 55
State St., ( till-ago.
<j_ I AA TREATMENTS
<IplUtf THIS WEEK *25 TO $50.
For the immediate removal of wrinkles, scars and
all blemishes; free course of electric treatments
with a couisi? of $5 beautifying treatment. MME.
JOHE ROY. Temple of Beau y, 935 Market st.
RAY HAIR RESTORED TO ITS NATURAL
co:or without dye; trial treatment. 1014
Leaven worth st.
p ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VJ unencumbered young lady. 120 Ellis, rm. 17.
I N B opening in ESTABLISHED DE-
X 1 tective business for partner with little money.
X., box 1, Ca.l. .
OLD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICES. O.
VJ NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 o'Farrell St., nr. Mason.
TTAIRDRKSSING ESTABLISHMENT FOR
II sale; party leaving city; good paying busi-
ness. Address ». N., box 37, Call Oflice.
DANCING— BALLROOM OR STAG TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. V. S. Mint.
DAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER FOR
XV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth St., Oakland. CaL
STUTTERING AND STAMMKRINO CURED;
0 obesity reduced upon new and scientific prin-
ciples. 1156 Broadway, Oakland, room 25.
R. SMITH'S CATARRH CURE GUARAN-
teed to stop that catarrh: 50c. 1633 Buchanan.
AURA DE FORCE GORD«>N. ATTORNEY
at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
HE BEST SIGN IN THE WORLD: ENAM-
JL e:ed 1. tters. Go to factory, 409 Sanchez st.
RIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE AT
reasonable rates: 10 years' experience: best Of
references given: all matters strictly confidential;
address or call 223 Stevenson. ;a. D. WEBSTER.
METROPOLIT AN DETECTIVE BUREAU,
Parrott building, over Emporium; offices, 540-
-541: hours » a m. to li! p. si.; tele. Mint 1471.
FEW STUDENTS WANTED BY DR. R. H.
COWAN, Chiropodist, 126 Kearny, room 24.
PAINTING, WHITE -ING, papering,
etc. ; times are hard: must have work. F. ED-
WARDS, 1200 Webster St.. cor. Eddy.
1 him CARDS. $1 60. SHOW CARDS, ETC.
JLUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL. 22% Geary st.
i}_ I A DOZEN— FINE CAjTjJsffc/Ta AT WlL-
tlpl SON'S Gallery. lO'.'S Market.
GET A SHAVE A 1 THE LADIES' BARBER-
shop, 757 a Howard St., near Fourth.
1 THE PEOPLE'S DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, ail cases treated and medicines for.
Dished for $1; call or write. 1029 V& Maria. »t,
bet. Sixth and Seventh. Ban Francisco. Cal.
c 97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
O—i of Thk Call; want ads and subscriptions
taken.
I>ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
J and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine St.; Illustrations lurmshed
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
RTiSiIC BAiRI)KE»>IXtI, 25c; $25 FOR
cases of hair falling or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD. 1104 Market st, room 28.
rmiE ANIMATOSCOP>, THE PERFECT
1 screen machine. For price of hand or motor
machines call or address Animatoscope Company,
933 Market .it., San Francisco, seventh floor.
|)B. C. E. FARNUM HAS MoVKD TO THE
XJ Parrott building, over Emporium, 3d fl.. r. cO3.
IJUPTURE AND PILKS CURED: No PAY
XX until cured: send for book. DR3. MANS.
FiELD &.PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market gL
MAGXISCOPK — NEW PKUJU.CTIAG MA-
chine: uses the klnetoscope films; price $250.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st.
~\\r ALL PAPER, 4C A RoLL; PAPER HANG-
'» ing, painting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price- N.K. MERIQAN. 1302 Webster st.
IJIG OUTDOOR STERKOPTICON SHOW EVE-
-I■> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Marketst.
LT.CTRIC LIGHTS" IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third St., nr. Market;
200 rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AYE YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McC ABE'S. 870 Mission, cor. 6th.
IVoRCr. AND ANNULMENT o*' MAR-
riage, terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where. Address lock box F. 906 Market st., s. F.
CLOAKS, FUKS AND »UIT» itETAILEW 41'
wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st. '
\ iWr^K'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH|»
*\ WKEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
DRESSMAKERS.
COMPETENT DRESSMAKKR WISHES PRI-
-. vate pup Is in dressmaking. I., box 22, Call.
LOST.
L^o^t^black^mTrten boa on or about
January 7. linderwill be rewarded by leav-
ing at 641 Valencia St.
OST— ENGLISH SPANIEL: >WN: BY
name Fanny; got a collar on. Please return
to 201 liennlniton st., off 1 or. land aye.: reward.
PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBKRNIA
Savings and loan f-ocle'y of San Francisco, in
the name of GUISEPPr- QUaGLIA (No. 270367).
The finder will please return to bank.
RANCH OFFICE OFTHK CALL. 167 NINTH
st.: want ad* and subscriptions taken.
HORSES. — -
2T^lolttSET^Foir~^AT^ETTlL^O^W^G^Ns7
rt\J buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 sixth st.: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
rpiij-. emporium SALES yards. 220 VA.
X lend* St., is the place to go you want to buy.
•ell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or bar-
ness: auction gales every Saturday- at 11 o'clock.
F»nO bE! NEW AND btCO.Vu-aA.Mj liArt-
OV\J ness: all kinds: bugcy.waiton, carts, surrey
A rocka way; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valenclv
HoRSE, 5 YEARSOLD; STANDARD BAKU:
good driver; a bargain. 884 Shot well st.
pifV HEAD DRIVING AND WORK iiORHES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 Iba. 862 Howard st.
WAGONS and carriages.
Offkr WANTED for ne wfirVt-class
delivery ' agon. 329 Golden Gate aye.
BICYCLES.
GENTLEMAN'S BICYCLE FOR SALE; A
VJ barpali. Call 710 o'Furrell st.
"VJ-KW 1896 $100 BICYCLE FOR $35 AT 113
-Li Battery st.
EN HURS, BRAND NEW, *45; BARGAINS
In - second-hand whee s. DAVIS BROS.,
cycle department, 25 Geary st. "
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARDS, LA OFFICES. ROOM*
O 26 and 27, Crocker buildup; telephone Maia
76, Ban Francisco, CaL
JOHN K. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. A.SHER,
attys a. law. mis 615.516. oh Parrottold^
.HOTELS. •
B"~ R OOkXy N~HOT kIT^MB-2 I'i^BUSH^^STT
XJ board and room $1 to I $2 ■ per day, $6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1; suite
looms for family $1 to SI 50 per night: first-class
service: free coach.- CHARLES MONTGOMERY
/CHEAPEST A^TD BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United ;stateo or Canada one year lor $1 50, post-
age free.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
nVHOSE WHO ARE SEEKING BUMS
1 places it will pay them by calling on TriOM Aa
& CO.. 33 Sixth St., room 18.
ALOON AND GROCERY: GOOD LOCATIC^T
must be sold at once. Call 33 Sixth st., rrn 4,
ARTNJSR WANTED IN A CASH BLSIN
must be able to give good reference-; no ot.Vri
need to apply. 33 Sixth St., room 18, THOJiAS
&CO.
,/.AA WILL BUY A FINE COFFEE HOUsk" 7
tJpOUU a good location; doing a good business;
will hear investigation. 33 Sixth st., THOMAS &
CO., room 18. '
O'A WILL BUY A FINE CANDY STORK
iJU doing a nice business. Call 33 Sixth
St., room 18. THOMAS <fe CO.
BEST 4-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP IN CUT
For sale by H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market it.
fIiOKA STATIONERY, CANDY AN I. M^
OO \J tion store. DECKER, 1020 Marke;su
fltf'ftA FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANTS
eJpUUU. H. C DECKER, 1020 Market at.
A' GENUINE SPLENDID OPENING FOU~A
business man ! Circumstances which will t>- ex-
plained to purchaser, necessitates selling half in-
terest or all of my enormous business ai once: ac-
tually worth and cost over $5000, out can
name your own price: invest a few hun-
dred and make a Tortune from this very
profitable and genteel business, or which you can
have no idea without thorough Investigation,
which wi 1 be allowed any person meaning bin.
ness;- may have trial, if 30 desired: It's an ex-
cellent chance for a business man ant
wife: consisting of most extensive. comp!*>t»,
and best systematized land agency on Faciih-.
Coast, established 16 rears: earned $30,000 coin
missions in last 5 years: $8150 made from a sin-
gle deal: »100,000 of property sold in l»st
3 months; 'prospects were never b»tter: ov. r
3000 propositions listed direct: by far the
largest list of property (over 15.000,000) west of
Chicago; complete andelegan ly furnished offices;
reasonable rent; long lease; come and talk bin
ness* worth more for profits than «ny $25,0U0
stock of merchandise on earth. Particulars la
person only of N. I). SICKELS, the Land Ag«m,
620 Market St.. opp. Paiace Hotel, city.
J>E»TAUKANT: CHEAP: SKAT 50 PERSON
XX living-rooms; present owner for 5 years; must
leave city; near factories It. S-, box 85. Call.
_ ALOON, ELLEGANT FIXTURES, FINK
0 trade, central; a bargain. UNDERWOOD &
CO., 765 Market st.
y. 4 ) )- AVEKAGED EACH WEEK FOR THE
tJJIZZOIast 4 years by placing $10, dividends
paid weekly; can withdraw any time; chance of a
lifetime. The Cooper Company, 1115 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal. ;_
~ffl«*>nn STATIONERY, CANDY. NOTIO-Ii
rI)ZUU. auc clear store: everything newljr
fitted up; rent $700. 573 Bryant st., nr. Fourth
m. -1 'i\ BRANCH BAKERY, N O l lO.N
»JpJ.OU. furniturtiof 6 rooms: cheap rent; flue
location. Property Exchange, 850 Market st.
\\r ANTED— A RESPONSIBLE GENTLEMAN
V I with some capital to associate in a paying city
business. H. H., box 56, Call Office.
OOD-PAYING COUNTRY HOTEL to KENT
\J at reasonable terms. MRS. A. HIDWELL.
Rio Vista, Solauo County, Cat
T/IOR RENT— BUTCHER-SHOP. WITH FIX-
JD tures: established 20 years: a rare Chance; see
it: rent reasonable. Bi3 Greenwich st.
TATIONERY. NOTIONS bTAND, 16 YEARS
old: good location; bargain for man and wife.
Apply 613 Oough. I '
OR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS;
-T fine corner saloon and rooming-hotel. Capitol
Hotel, Eleventh and Franklin sis., Oakland.
NAP; SALOON ANT) FIXTURES FOR
sale; $76: 4 living-rooms. 785 Folsom st.
1-iOR .-ALE— GOOD- PAY ING CORNER 8A-
J loon; centrally located. Apply 429y Tehama.
T ATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN-
±J vention. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
A -| f_r\ RESTAURANT; MUST BE MOLD IN
3MUI'. 3 days: sacrifice. X.. box 24. Call Office.
CIHEAP— SMALL SALOON, IF TAKEN THIS
\J week. Apply Call Office.
/CHICKEN RANCH, ALL COMPLETE AND
VJ well stocked, Berkeley; $200. E.. box 85, Call.
c-y'A FINE PAYING CORNER CIGAI'.-
OOU. store. 1 Taylor st.
"PRINTING MATERIAL FOB SALE CHEAP
X at 8 Montgomery aye., room 14. ■
LOR SALE Cil E A P— B RAN CU BAKERY,
" candles, notions and launJry oflice: 3 living-
rooms; cheap mi; good business and a fine loca-
tion. Address li., box 76, Call Office.
/"ientleman PARTNER wanted IN a
VJT good paying business. Apply 131 Taylor St.,
room 2; morning or after 7 p. m.
iiija PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY FOti
J.\J\J . sale or exchange for real estate. 34-
Kearny st.
\\T ANTED— PARTNEK IN CHOWDER AND
■ » liquor house. 650 Sacramento, cor. Kearny.
ENTLKMAN PARTNER WANTED li i
vJT young widow of means. 106 Fourth, room -.
PESIAURANT FOR SALK; BKST LOCA-
XX tion: doing good business; grand bargain;
owner going away. ApDly at this office
0 LET— COALYAKD, JNKU-NNINUOKDi-H;
J- established 9 years: screen", scales, block, 5
stalls; rent $10. 1916V^ McAllister at.
THIRST-CLASS STORK, SUITABLE FOR A^
V butcher-shop or other business; good locationT
479 Shotwell st. *
CIORNER GROCERY FOR SALE. INQUIRE
\J premises, cor. Twenty-second and Fair Oaks.
rrr CIGARS lAN D, WELL E.-TAULISH .
I •-). Ed, near Market at. Apply thisoOlce
(Tjiril SALOON FOR SALE; 3 LIVINU-
<JJ)IU\J. rooms; rent $22 50. 651 Mission st.
ir>Oß SALE— CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
1 $300. 121 Eighth st.
mo LKT-sPACE FRONT OF FINE SALOON.
1 639 California st.
"VTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
X\ close to tan Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. ■ - . -
KNTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED WITH
VJ $60 by uuinciinib*red wiaow. 207 Post, rm. 8.
m»».rr/wi CASH— I HAVE CONTRACT IN
»]P«jOUV/ country; need the above amount to
complete the some; in 9U days the inves-ment re-
turned with $12,000 net profit; parurulars only
on personal interview. Address C. F.. box 71. Call.
TTERY CHEAP: CORNER GROCERY ASD
V saloon. 331 Sixth st., corner Clara.
1 TOCK OF GROCERIES. BAR AND Fl X-
C: tures; good chance; investigate. Cor. Hyde
and Post sis.
ANDSBURG DEVELOPMENT CO. WILL
• sell Vis interest in its property and business for
$9000 cash; rconey wanted to extend the business
ofcomp'y: mining, real estate, commission. Oscar
T. Shuck, 509 Kearny, E.F. Bean.Randsburg, Ca!.
<3»K£.A CORNER SALOON ON FOURTH ST.;
tiptJOXJ. sickness cause selling. Inquire Call.
CIOKNKR SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
1 business. Apply Chicago Brewery, 1420 Pine.
ALOON POR SALE— APPLY AT ANCHOR
brewery. 1431 Pacific st.
A LOON FOR SALE, 3398 MISSION ST.,
northwest corner Thirtieth. . ■.:
ROCKRY AND BAR; $750: 3-YEAR LEASE.
HILBERT BROS., con. Powell and Ellis sts.
OR] Q MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
—Ol O want ads taken for Thk Call.
DOG HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
OOu Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ECKERS BARGAINS I
27-room house $700 22- room house. $500
lt'-room house.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 750
55 rooms, cor... 3,000 14 rms on Sutler. 700
11 rs., must sell 20') | 66 rms, best city. 3,500
H. C. DKCKKB, 1020 Market St.. opp. Flfth-
p REAT BARGAINS IN LODOING-HOUSKt
VJT this week; 150 houses, from $200 to $3001 mr
UNDERWOOD & CO., 765 Market st. T
Q_-l t)C NEAT FURNISH KD; 7 ROOMS
<P-L —O. and basement; rent $20. Apply D. M.
McRAE, 827 Mission st.
ARGAIN; $750: NICrLY FURNISHED
sunny rooming-house 9 rooms, bath. 604 Geary.
Ur ANTED TO BUY OR RENT A LODGING-
TT house of 20 rooms or upward. J.. box 106,
Call.
7 ODGING-HOUSE; 17 ROOMS: BENTBS6S;
Xi rented us flats, etc; rare chance. 505 Jones.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
400 «ARPiiT3; CHAMBER siv.s. fit:
.iV h IOVe * 5: parlor «ets, $20: foldins-bedi.
$10: bar outfits. T. D. McCaRTIIY. 764 Mission.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOX
lowest prices on household roods: new or «uOU
ib new; cas . or on time: open evenings.
wUCKJNIiHAAI HKMTUKt CO.— LOWEST
iJ prices: furniture, carpets: alleradei. StJBMU.Vn
FURNITURE WANTED.
L^URNIIIRE, STOVES. CARPETS. COUN.
X ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121. Market.
HIGHER i'J.UC.<, 1 UA->. AN V WUKiIjS PAID
by Indiana Auction Co, 1057 Market. opp.Jonei
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNT-
X ture and merchandise see BU RD. 211 Larkla.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STh.A.M 1 AKPKT CLEANING WoRR-i;
VJ cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVKNS,
Mar. 38 and 40 Klghta St.; telephone South 250.
HEN Voll BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send toSPAULDING'S PloneerCar-
pet-beatlng Works, 353-67 Tehama st.; teL So. 4'J.
WATTS, reliable carpet-cleanlug renovtg. alter-
O . atlon works. 409 McAllister, 'lei. J. ssie 321.
ARPKTS CLEANED RKNOVATKD LIkIS
new. 23Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh & col
JK MIII.Hf.LL, L'AKi'fcT-i j^KAMN.. cT)ir
. 240 14th su : cleaning 3c a yard. .Tel. Mls..?t
A -CLEANING, 3c: LAYING 3c- Rfli
samples free; tel. Jes»le944. Stratum. 19 Bth v.
nO.SKU.S's CARPH.T- BEATING WOKKS
VJ 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 128.
,T~V ~~~ STORAGE. ~- ~^
STORAGE— CH EAPES^U^THK^fx^.'fTRE'
proof building: advances made. 211 Larkin.
WUKNITUKK PIANOS. TRUNKS: AD^
X Vftiices, shipping, t'JUAd. L, XA\'Loi;,'ioiro»uPCITY REAL ESTATE,
GU. CMBSKN A CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 Montgomery St., near Market
/' BARGAINS— JU&T RECEIVED.
i Tit ELEGANT FLATS.
i rtAAn FLATS ALONE COST $8500 TO
1 >yi/Uv'. bulll 3oi-4ye>»rsago; G >lden Gate
aye • 4 nice bay-window flan of 6 and 5 rooms
nnd 'oath 'ach: all modern improvements and con-
venient bay windows, brick foundation, etc.:
rent $1020 per annum: lot 50x100; if you want a
snienJUi investment this is our opportunity.
A MISSION HOME AT A B.\RG vI.V.
c , . Ol»H SUBSTANTIAL ANDCOMPARA-
JJp ££\t\j. tlvely new bay-window residence of
7"roomsand nath; brick foundation, etc.: 25x100:
San J- »•■ aye., about V a nlock from either the
Va encia or Guerrero st. cars.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
A.'i AA, NO REASON BLE OFFER WILL
«OS)O''U. be refused; party desirous of going
East; nice bay-window cottage ef 6 rooms and
bath: all on d- m improvements and conveniences;
>ell St.: nice loca on; positively must be sold.
TO CLO^E AN EST AT K.
Ci 1 /'ml Hi NT $192 PER ANNUM: 8 BUB-
• ||)UU. santlal flatsof 4 rooms each; lot 30
xlOO: within 20 minutes' tide of Kearny and Mar-
ker sts . being y_ block to Thlrd-st. eiectrlc road:
16:1: aye. south.
A GOOU BUSINESS CORNER.
_>()AA srOI.E AND LIVING-ROOMS AND
t^')\t\J\i. flat above: nearly new bui dine; bay-
windows; brick foundation: gore corner; on _4th
streeu
FOi-.KCLOSURUE SALE — WESTERN ADDI-
TION.
* J 'Art ONE OFJTHE COZIKST HOMES
<P'i«JUU. in San Francisco; a real elegant bay-
window cottage of 6 rooms and bath; brick foun-
dation, etc.; lot 25x137:6. If you ure looilna for
a p ate oi this kina this is It.
P.ESIDh-NCE .OT.
CjOAAA POST ST.: 22:6x137:6: GOOD LOT
•-' ■'"". for either flats or a residence.
FOLSOM-STRKK.T BUILDING LOT.
QlniWi 87:6x50: READY TO BUILD ON;
0 IUWU. this lot worlh *1500.
TO CLOSE AN STATE.
<3_l 1 It 111 LOT 55x120: NORTfI LI.VI-: OF
3D I -I.U-'U _llißBt., near franklin; will sub-
divide if desired.
N.-W COTTAGE. •_,__
C_ OQAiv CASTRO ST.: CONTAINS SE\ KN
«I)OOUW. rooms and bath- bay-windows: brick
foundation: stone walk-;, etc.: nice garden; 25x
106; owner desirous of i;oing East.
A GOOD SMALL IN\Ki*i "-.IN
«2 OOAfk « ' >" T $30 PKK MONTH : 4 FLATS
C*<£*- "'I/, of x rooms each : in good condition;
lot 26x^5 ucht 9:h and Br3 - ant sts.
CLAN -STREET KE.SIDENCE.
£*'-?"" M 2-ST XV HOUSE OF 10 ROOMS
' »^.) i <JU. n-i.l bath ana lot.
(•"■'l i'.ERO AVt.-MK COTTAGE.
vn-AA BAY- WINDOW COTTAGE OF 7
• —.«)*'<-'. rooms and bath; brick foundation,
fir.; lot 86x100. >■ i
RUSSIAN HILL, CORNER RESIDENCE.
Jh i7'|| SUBSTANTIAL 2 -STORY AND
v 7 "I luU. basement bay-window residence of
10 rooms and bath; brick foundation, etc.; com-
m n '.s sweeping marine views, owner will refuse
no reasonable offer.
ANOTHER GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT.
(JtQOFLA MAR 11TH AND i OLSOM STS.;
O«->*_«Jf. 2 nearly new bay-window flats of 5
and 4 rooms aud bath each: brick foundation, stone
wa.Ks. street accepted ; rent 4318 per annum.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOT.
(.^"AA PAGE ST.; 25x187:6: STREET
i£'+.O\J\J. accepted; splendid location.
A SPLENDID BUY.
A/|A RENT $288 PER ANNUM; DOU-
•_ — V.'UU. ble cottage of 4 rooms each; lot 25x
80; always rented; street accepted; near 6:h and
Bryant sts.
call at office for catalogue or properties at auc-
tion Monday, February 1. 1897.
Call st ollice and gee one of our "Real Estate
Records, " which contain a list of properties for
sale in all i arts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
OVEE, TOY A SONNTAG.
tj RKAL ESTATE AGENTS,
Houses Renteo, Rents Collected and Full Charge
i aiien of Proper. ,
30 MONTGOMERY ST.
•ttft^nfl AN ELEGANT residence cor-
i. ■lilW. ner lot on Broadway; In a fash-
ion, ible locality, cost $11,000: must be so d
within a few days; size of lot 37 :7x115: this Is an
opportunity to get a choice lot at a big bargain.
Q4X AAA A CHOICE BUSIN '• S^ PROP
ijjiJ.UUU. erty. 50x100, within two blocks
of Market st., on one of tne best streets in the
city; list be sold at once; good bargain.
•3191 OH PKKRY ST , NEAR 4TH; 3 FLATS
• — I "v. of 4 rooms each: rents $30 p-r month;
lot 25x80; pays big income on the investment
<3i 1 9 HAH that FINE retail piece
•_ I— .''v/V. of property on _.ddy St.. c st.
of Larkin: size 50x87:6: this is a choice op-
portunity to get a 2ne ousiness lot and Improve-
ment!.
Q('A PF.R FRONT FOOT: LOT 50x131:3;
jJpUU on sjirader st., near Frederick; this is a
Dice lot at a low price.
©QOXA LOT on WEST SIDE OF LAOUNA
••'—«-• U. st.. 87:6 south of Pago; size 23x
87 :6; this is a well-located and chea.> lot.
< 1 A C\(\(\ A GOOD BUSINESS PROPKKTY
'.. I\J .\J\J\J . on lay ior 8;., near Geary; 3-* tory
lionse; rents *75 per nionte; size of lot 20x57:6:
, man ue sold to close an es ate; line Investment.
A tor further list apply to
I I'.OVKK. TOY A 30 Montgomery st.
rXIKA GHOII I. LIST INCOME PROPERTY
X- BUSINESS CORNERS.
Q^9nftn RKNT $400-. CENTER OF
'i. — .\J\j\J . city: prominent downtown cor-
ner, north of Market s;.
(JjQA (\f\C\ RKNT $288 50; BUSINESS
t^OV/.UUV-f. corner; almost new building;
manufacturing district; never vacant.
CiQft AAA HENI $175: BUSINESS PROP-
•_»'U.V/UU. erty: pressed brick building;
guaranteed lease of rive years.
<K1 _ C\DC\ RENT $125 ANOTHER EAR-
CH.VW. gain; Western Addition business
corner; steady income.
QQtKA .RENT 830: VERY CHEAP; CAS-
— «JU. tro-st. grocery corner; one-taif of lot
vacant.
Bargains in flats.
c_7?:aa rent $70: a bargain; beau-
<P I «JUU« tiful new building; Sacramento st,
near Scott.
QftQ^fi RF.NT 816: VERY CHOIuF:;
Mission flats accepted that e.egant
building.
THREE HOUSES.
QIQAAA RENT $90; A SNAP; EXTRA
(pt'vvu. Urge lot; 3 fine bouses Of 7 rooms
and bath each, in Western Addition.
BL'RNHAM A MAH>H CO.,
6.8 Market St.
COMB BARGAINS.
Qtt^rfifi RE NTS $44; 3 MODERN FLATS;
• i£>U\ \JU. Bowie aw., nr. 11th and Howard
©OCAA MISSION BUILDING LOT; LIB-
<?— CUV. prty st. nr. Dolores; 50x114; eieg-nt
surroundings; $1700 can stand.
OIA7X 18TII AYE.. N. OF CLEMENT
V I \J I O. and Suiro road; 50x120: on grade.
Q9l HO 3 BUILDING LOTS: KIMBALL
V-* ■ \J\J . pl»ce, off Sacramento st., west of
LeavnworLh; 77:6x56: snnny: flats will pay
H. E. POE LMAN, Real Estate Agent, 415
Montgomery st.
my a LOT "~
IN THE HEYMAN TRACT.
$5 A MONTH. $5 A MONTH.
As a special offering we will for the next 30
■ 'vs sell a few of the choicest lots in th* Heyman
<U:,O BACH. *450 EACH.
J5 A MONTH. $5 A MONTH.
Lots are finely situated, 25x118 each, command
Ing grand view of the city, and 22d-st. electric car-
only half a block distant. They are level and
ready to bulla on.
Buy now. Only IT of these lots to be sold.
They will soon be gone.
Take 22d-st. car. ride to Hoffman aye, ask for
James A. Co ter and he will show you around.
JACOB 11 -i MAN. owner,
11 Montgomery st.
•^l7 (tOO IMPKOVEDCOK/OV __ayes-
J?4,i ' K>XJIJ ' ■""'' st., " ear California; rents
$140 per month.
$5000 -u educed from $6000; choica 7-room
o-"i < U°a " V hne of PaKe ■*■> near Pierce; lot
25x137:6: part cash.
$3«00-2 new flats; near the Park.
MOOO— Corner 9th aye. and I su • 100x120
$1000— (.orner lo; Kxnels.or HomL-sttud: near
MifSlon st.; -.Ize 1 50x ]()!>.
ENGLI L' A MOK ISSEY. 628 Market St.
« n^l lO F i Lhl ' :< J ST " X - °"F JONES; LOT
.^OO"U. 27:6x136:6, with .-story bav-win-
daw house of - flue I'll of 6 and 5 rooms nn>l
bath: i.rick foundation; very desirable aid cheap.
¥5750— Leaven worth st,- near Union: 3 fine
flutsof 6 ro<ms and bath each; rents 952: con-
crete foundation and sidewalk; street accepted-
pavs qot:d income.
$S5O <ash— i.a.nna St., near Pino; whole price
$'-'*«): fine building lot; street acoei'ted; stone
k.dewaik; the cheapest lot in town. ROBERT 1
MERCBR A BUN, 410 Pine st,
8«oo. ~ $too.
C'^'U. $25 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
Lots 25x100. on SprecKels aye., Wif-land aye.,
1 dua st., Detroit 1.; close to san Mateo electric
road; tie: oft' nt Sunnyside (Hiwer-hou .B- lots all
ready to bund on. >ll AINW ALD, IJUCKBEE A
'", -gems, 218-220 Montgomery st, Mills
building.
<%. 1 l\t\f\ t'-<rr.»uE ON Id AYE., JFSUO
«ITJ 'IUU. cash, mortgage $1300. rents $26;
, $19.*0 cash, mortgage $2000, rents $5 a year.
I near Howard and 7th sts : $2000, splenaid cot-
• I tage, 709 York st. near .9:h; 750. cottage,
1 ■■■ ar H-ljrht and Ashoury st-. KINO A Me-
\ NALLY, 630 Market su
S4oon ?4o6o" 94000.
'■£> IWV/. On eaiv terms: $500 cash, ta.ance
monthly Installments; new 2-story modern home
of 6 rooms and bath; California st., near 6th aye.
Owner on premises or mply to SHAINWAID.
Bl CKIiEE & CO., 218-2.0 .Montgomery st., Mills
building.
Qi 1 (\ F\fl(\ kCOST $15,000 4 YEARS AGO;
<FI\J.O\J\J.- rented tor 78; magnificent cor-
ner residence near the handle, containing 12
rooms and all modern Improvements; a splendid
bargain-OH. MUI'.PUY, 6.8 Market st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADIBON .A BURKE,, »EA- fiSTATK
Agents; established 1858; 626 Market st.
piIEAPF-STPROPEKTV ON THE MARKET;
\J Krannun st., nea Ist; covered with pood im-
provements; double lot. 60x80: en y $6500.
BARGAIN— MUST SELL TO CLOSE ESTATE;
• » 6th, near Folsom: 100x75: covered with
houses; on;y value of lot asked— to wit, $150 per
toot.
m»1 X CAA WEBSTER, NEAR (VFAR-
tpI.O.Cj\J\J. rell; modern Improvements in
flats; well rented; lot 6^x137:6; half cash.
<U»1 Z* AAA OAK-ST. BUSINESS CORNER:
©IO.UUU. store and flat: lot 30x85: first-
class investment.
HOWARD ST.; VACANT LOT, BETWEEN
Bth and 9th; 65x85; only $200 per foot asked.
iJL'QAAA FILLMORE. NR. MCALLISTER;
iFQ\J\J\J. elegant flats, renting fors6s; lot _5x
87:6.
BUSINESS PROPERTY; N LINE HAVES
X) .-t.. near Franklin; lo: 25x120 to rear street;
st- re, flat and rear house: offered cheap.
C_7£AA REDUCED FROM $9000: PARK.
O I «JUU. residence; N. side Fell st., near
Broderick; 9 rooms an<l bath: 25x137:6.
C;f;A||n PAGE, NEAR BRODERICK: RESI-
CIIUUU. denco of 7 rooms and but h; lot 25x
b7 :6.
Q^9^H GREF.N, NEAR LAGUNA:. NICE
— O\J. home of 7 rooms and bath; lot 23:3 x
100.
OjKrtA' '-FLATS: LOTT ST., NX. GOLDEN
<F~iO\J\J. Gate Park; 25x100; yearly rental
$408.
<S> (9^o FLORIDA, near 23D: 29x100: 2
0~-t~*JU. flats and large barn, renting for -$34.
© IAAA SHIPLEY." NEAR 6TH; RENTS
I tJS"TUIH_7. $45 per month; substantial building;
lot 25x75.
QOCOn CALIFOKNIA-ST. COTTAGE, NR.
«^«)( KJKf. 3d aye. ; 6 rooms and bath; In a rap-
idly improving neighborhood.
ffijOwAA ALABAMA, NR. -IST; MODERN
•IJpOtJUU. cottage: 5 rooms and bam and base-
ment with 3 rooms; lot 25x100.
pLEMENTINA ST.. NR. 4TH. ; TENEMENTS;
\J rents $47; lot 25x80; ouly $3500.
QTfAA NICE COTTAGE HOME IN
t4T • UUU. Holly Park: East aye.; 6 rooms; lot
2jxloB.
©1 inn COTTAGE AND LOT: SIEGEL ST.,
tlpXttUU. near Cortland aye.; 25x70.
QO'An COLLINGWOOD. NEAR 20TH:
i®£O\J\J. 27:6\1OO; contains .5 rooms and
bath; large basement.
CJOAAA YORK-ST. COTTAGE, NR. 23D;
UUU. contains C rooms aud bath; 10t26x
ioa
Q9ftnfi ARMY, NEAR DOLORES: COT-
<£-<-OUU. iage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner California and locust; 37:6x107:7.
$«500— Page st, near Baker: 75x137:6.
f4COO— 66x117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$*600-Pine »1., cor. Lyon; 82:8x80.
J-400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$40OO—i ryun; nt., corner o Harriet: 25x75,
.050— Ridley, near Scott: 25x117:6.
$2000- Belvedere, near Waller: 25x120.
§1800— Sanchez st. nr. 16th: 25xi00.
$1000— A St., near 14th aye.: 85x144.
$1300— 2 d aye., near CullfiTnia.«i.: 25x120.
$3000— Hancock, near Sanchez: 25x114.
»700— Foyce st., nr. Point Lobo*; 26x120.
MADISON A BURKE. 626 Market st.
a. H. LISSAK. O. P. Yon khkix.
OF. YON RHEIN A CO.. REAL ESTATK
. Agents. Auctioneers and House Brokers, 613
California street.
68 »7 :6-— Broal way, near Montgomery aye.
$10,000— Second and Minna: 40x77:6 wlthan L;
2 stores, upper flat and rear bouse: rents #117 50.
i $15,000— Hayes, marMUmore; 35x.87:6; 3 tine
! flats. em h 8 rooms and batii; rents *105.
I $10,000— Coiner Laguna and Fulton: 50x110: 2-
I st ry house: butcher-shoo and flats: rent $65 50.
I SSuuu-HaiKht, near Htelner: 25x112:6; 2 flats,
' 13 rooms and bat us; renti 857 50
$7600— Capp. near 15th: .;5xT5; 4 new flats; 18
rooms and 4 uutlis: ren $69
j $7100— Oak, near Webster; 25x87:6; 2 flats: 11
roOTJS and 2 b iths: rents $30.
■ $6500— Green su, nr. Monttcom'-rv aye ; 22:11 x
j 68:9; 3 ha -window flats: 17 rooms and baths:
rev s $57 50.
; *6000— Union, near Dupont; 23x68:9: 2-story
! house: 8 tenements: rents -52
$4000— WasniD-lon, i.mr Powell; 20x57:6; 3-
s:ory residence: 10 rooms a d ba h: rent $40.
$4000— Kearny, near Green; 20x80 to Sonora; 4
flats. 15 rooms, with !» abl- rents $39.
$3750— Perry St., near Third; 25x75; 2 flats; 8
rooms and t>a:bs; r nts $33 50.
i *36UU— L>avei«orih st., n-arVal'ejo: 20x68:6;
3 f! its: 11 rooms an.i baths; rents $33.
$3300— Union St., near Mason; 2 flats: rents $40.
$310J-^tanvan, near Grattan: 80 leet by irre -
ular<!epth; ; ar ially occupied by house.; 5 rooms
and b lib; rent $16.
*2900— Jer*^, near Diamond; 2&xl 14: 2-story
house; 2 flats: 9 rooms and bath: rents $25.
: 8275U — -'4th, near D.amond; 26x1 14; new cot-
ta c: 5 rooms and bath.
$2500— Kri* st., near Mission; 2-story house: 7
rooms and bath; 25x85: rrntslB.
$2100— Valley st., near Church; 27x114:6; 2
flats: rents $16 50.
*900-Han.l<i aye.: Ingleslde; 25x112:6; cot-
tage 1 rooms; ren: $10.
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 251h-su railroal station; 61x
117:6 to an alley.
Fair and 25tn: 30x100.
$4100— Ninth, Dear Folsom: 23x100.
$4000- Polk and Union; 27x67: make offer.
$VOOO— Hancock St.. near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.: 60xl8_.
JOHN P*O it. 328 MONTGOMERY ST.. OPP.
-> Safe Deposit, offers -or sale:
$8000 wi 1 buy a modern built new house in one
of the most valuable blocks on Pacific aye.
$16,500— Ren: $12*. Post st, near Devlsadero;
large lot with 7 houses.
if 000- Lot 43x137:6 feet: Mission su, near
l_thl: w th old Improvements; very cheap.
$ 10,250— 0 Farrell st., near Taylor; substantial
2-story. bay-window; bet store.;lot i.6xJ»o;must
be sold.
i 6200— Business property : fine 3-story bay-win-
dow house, store, and - flats of 5 and 6 rooms
upstair.*: on Geary st , near stelner: rent $47 50.
$31.000— Eddy st , near Mason; store and lode-
Ing: 25x137:6: rent $160.
857,000— Business property; stores and flats;
paying $300 per month. " -t
DWELLINGS.
$4500-3-flat bay-window h 'use, 1 block from
Market St.: lot 25x110 rent $55.
$4500— Castro st., near 16:h: 2-story modern
built h-room hoiis 1 : o 25xli 0.
$6500— Kent $(0: 2 double flats on Geary st. In-
side ot Baker: lot 28x125.
$1300— House and lot on De Long aye., 2 blocks
south of Panhandle, Park: 25x80: a bargain.
$7500— Fine modern residence on Patfe st. , ne»r
entrance to Panhandle, park; lot 27x137:6.
$8600--Two 2-story double flats, 2V. frocks N.
of Market st and large lot; rent $70: good invest-
ment
$6500— Nob Hill residence; modern built and
arranged; half block from Hopkins Art Institute.
$10.0 JO —sixth st: substantial 3-story house;
12 rooms; bath; brick loundation : lot 25x160.
$3000— Seventh st , near Bmnnan; lot 25x75.
with improvements: renting at $3H.
UNIMPROVED.
$1500— Corner 23d aye. and A St.; 53:4x100.
$3100— Fine corner ot on Flllmore st
1800— Noe St.. near Thirtieth; lot 36:6x75.
T AUCTION. '
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
TO-MORROW (MONDAY), JANUARY 25, at
12 o'clock, noon
Building and lot, 25x120; E. line of sth aye.,
250 S. of Point Lobos
3 ou, K. line of 20th a^e., 175 S. of California
st ; street sewi red.
2 10-.s. 26x137:6 each; N. line of Oak St., 100 W.
of Broderick.
Lot -7:6x137:6, on S. line of Bush st , 137:6 W.
of lacuna; s reel biluminized.
Cottage and lot, .5x106:3; 2016 Baker St., near
Clay: 6 rooms: modern.
Beautiful 9- room residence: 25-4 California st.,
ii' ar Pierce; lot 27:6x120: re»r street.
Lot -6xl-7:8 on S.line of Jackson St., 156 W.
of Baker: street ti.tumlnized.
At salesroom of
CHARLES J. CAMPBELL A CO.,
224 Montgomery st. .
T^ELL-ST. BOULEVARD LOTS.
IN TH" MONARCH BLOCK
OF THE PA N HA ■•. I> L K.
Bounded by Fell, Hayes, • layton aud Cole sts.
ON EASY TERMS.
ONE-THIRD CASH. ONE-THIRD
Balance n 1 or 2 years; interest at 7 per cent.
Fell-st. lot.i from $4260 upward,
llnyes-st lots from $.250 upward.
Clayton and i ole s'.. lon from $.250 each.
For further particular-, etc apply to
DAVID Sit UN A SONS,
20 Montgomery St.
<B;7niin uoi.den oTTk AYE., NEAR
O • ' "'. Laguna; 27:6x1.0.
$6200— Fulton, near octav a: 4 rooms: rent
$55; .6x87:6.
.*;>-00— near Folsom: shop and flat; 25x
100. to rear street.
$b9oJ— Butte, near Hampshire; 9 rooms; bath;
25x100.
-Cottage 5 rooms, bath; 25th, near Ala-
bama: 25x104.
$3100— -.ioerty, near Guerrero; 7 rooms; 25.x
114
♦-25O— Florida, near 24th: 4 rooms: 26x100.
Folsom, near 7th; store and flats; 37:6x90.
LOTS.
P»c!ti<\ near Taylor: lots any size.
corner 20th and Diamond; 125x130.
$5300— Baker, near California; 55x82:6.
$I_oo— Capß, near 23a: street accepted.
ill oo-- labama, near -3d; 2tSxloo.
•sSso— _2d,'near i hurch 25:11x1 14.
Lou in Excelsior. University. Paul, City Land
and Fairmount trams. W. H. CRIM A CO.,
118 Montgomery st.
01; C-.^nfi FIVE 9-ROOM HOUSE; LOT 2TJ63E
JJDOUU. 100: NW. corner; fln« view-; in bast
part of the Western Addition: must beao.d
82500— Van .Ness aye : 10t25xi27:6; street bl-
turni'.'Z -d: no cheaper buy in the city.
Cherp— 4 lots bet. J and X his.; on 46th aye.
$1400— 6-rcora cottage on small s reet arui'h of
Market; lot 25x80, oa N line of street: street bi-
tumlnized. J.W. RIGHT A CO.. 628 Market st.
(jj.IC||CASH ND $20 MO x'fHLY-5 ROOMS
-It/ and bath; co-iaze built latest improve-
ments, * 332 Jersey st., near Castr.-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CHAINWALD. BCCKBKK A CO, xIEAL _C»-
TATE AflF\TB
818-220 MONTGOMERY. ST n MJ___a
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$2000— $200 cash, balance $10 monthly:
modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath, with a good
stab c; o 25x1-5: Dame St.
$Jso— sth hve.; price reduced; bet. Point Lobos
aud clement; .5x120; cheap.
$1 ,000 -Taylor st., near Geary— 3-^tory and
basement bui.dlng: rents $900 per annum.
$1500-Stevenson, near 14th: iot 25x80. :
$1500- Jessie, near Ridley ; lot 26x7ii.
$8000— business proper. on Fplsom St., near
12th: store and fl-is; rents $55 net; lot 25x87:6;
offer wanted.
$3750— Modern 2-story house on Hartford st,
n.-ur-Oih; 6 rooms and bath; rented at present
or $20; tenant p«ys w_ er: lot 26x125.
$6000— Good 2-sto y bay-window house of 7
rooms and bath; sunny side of Post st., bet. Pierce
an.l Scott; rented at present for $35 monthly.
$16. 00 -Leaven business corner: store
and flats; renting for $149 monthly: one of the
finest business corners Eof Polk sl. : full particu-
lars at our i l.i c.
$.7,600— . me business corner east of Stockton
s.: rents $25 J per month; st» re and dwellings:
$10,0u0 can r. main at 7 per cent.
$11,500- Van Ness aye. residence: 2-story mod-
ern i ouse of 10 rooms and bath; large lot, 50x
137:6 feet; Van Nes>ave. bituralnizad.
$85uO— Washington St., near Bro-ierlck; new,
modern house of 8 rooms, bath and finished base-
ment; pre tilv decorated aid frescoed; lot 25x
l-7:hV*feeu
$3500 Pretty double bay-window cottage on
15;h St., near Howard; 5 rooms and bath.
$7600— Modern nay-window residence t/f 8 rooms
and oath; California 5.., jar Fill more; lot 27:6 x.
b7:6: rents $51). . ■-. -
s27oo— Oak st., near Park Panhandle: lot 25x
137:6.
$11,500— Van Ness corner lot, 60x135: owners
In same block are asking $300 per front foot for
Inside lo;s: street bitumen.
$2600— y ew cottage on Church st. : 5 rooms and
bath: basement; lot 23x100; offer waited.
$. 600— Good, substantial, modern 2-story house
of 6 rooms and biith: street bitumen; small cash
payments: balance $20 monthly.
$5500— Modern residence, near Golden Gate
Park: 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x181 :3 to rear st.
44250— Rents $44 per month; Clara st., bet.
Eth and 6tn: lot 25x80.
$700— -Is-, st.. near Hampshire; lot 25x70.
'I he above Is only a partial list. We will be glad
10 luruißh a complete list on application.
BH.AINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO..
218-220 Montgomery St., -Mills bui ding.
_________________ ______
OOI) IN VKSTM KNT!
IN WESTERN ADDITION.
<2l 1 Q (\f\(\ NEARGEAKY ANDOCTAVIA:
«Jp 1 ./.U»»U. 4 fine flats of 7 rooms and bath
each; always rented: lot 45x1 20 feet to rear street;
inortsnge of $14, i 00: must be sold.
EASTON, KLDRinGK A CO.,
638 Market st.
_______________
baSION FLAT--.
NEA GUERRERO AND LIBERTY.
<V"\fH» 2 FLATS OF 5 AND 6 ROOMS
f)pO:)\J\J. and bath; always renter! ; pay $600
pel annum; street worK done; lot 50.\114 feet;
mortgage of $2." 0> can remain; will exOliange for
smaller city property unincumbered. -
EASTON, i.LLIKIDGE& CO
638 Market at.
ISSION residence";
IN the warm BELT.
a. < a(\(\ substantial COMFORTABLE
tjp-r'tV'U. house of 9 rooms and bath: near 16th
and Guerrero sis.; fine lot, 36x120 feet; street
bltumli.lzed. mortgage of $ 300 can remain: must
be sold. EASTON, ELDRIDOK A CO.,
6! 8 Market su
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
>T ELI.GANT LOCATION.
S7AAA NEAR LAGUNA AND VALLEJO
*J i \t\j\J sts.: 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath; rents $55 per month: on'y 2 years old: cost
over $8500; mortga c of $3500 can remain.
KASTON, ELDRIDOE A CO.,
' 638 Market st.
OUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
PAYS BIG INCOME.
jtton'A NEARSHIPi EY AND STH SIS.;
• j • ZdOVJ. store an.i rooms and 2 flats above;
pays $517 per annum; mortgage of 700 can re-
main.
EABTON, ELDRIDOE A CO.,
638 Market. St.
I^INE FLAT*. '■
1 1 2 BLOCKS NORTH OF MARKET.
S-f\AA - FLA IS OF 5 AND 6 It ti.MS
>H/UU. and bath; rents $516 per annum;
street accepted.
EASTON, ELDRIUE A CO.,
638 Market st.
p HOICK LOTS.
\J : SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$4000— Oak St., near Leviiadero; 60x137:0.
M«»,' offer.
$3-'(0-Sanchez it, near 23d; 65x117:6 to an
alley.
*Hoo3— Block 984: ontsldelands: 240x600.
$2400— Fu;tou st., near Baker; -5x137:6; street
worn ail done.
$'_'• 00— 221 St.. near Church; 50:11x114.
$_000— v ay.on st, near I\ig» 25x106.
$.000— Green St., near Pierce; 25x1J0; mort-
gage < f $1000 can remain.
$1624— Golden Gate aye., near Baker St.;
2ax 137:6.
41600— Sanchez *:., cor. Cumberland; 114x105;
will s"b-iv Ue
$1250— Point Lobos aye.. near9ih; 25x100.
$1000 each— ~an Jose »ive., near -9tn; 6 lots,
ready for build. ne. *-
*500-K st., liear 11th aye.; '.'5x120.
$.50— X si. , near 29ih are.; 60x100.
EASTON, ELDIiIDU- A CO.,
638 Mitncet st.
G.Q7?; 100x120; COR. C"AMB..IDGE A D
(JOI O. Way land sis.; University Homestead
association.
$6oO— 100x125: Montana st., near Capitol;
Rnilroad Homestead Association; Ocean View.
4325—25x125: N. s'.deoi Lubussu, bet. Plymouth
and (Jasuui; Railroad Homestead Association;
Ocean View: street graded, macadamized; side-
waUs and curbed.
$175—100x120; In block 116, University Home-
stead Association.
$.00—30x100; N. side of Felton st., bet. Hamil-
ton and Bowtloin; University Mound Tract.
*350-5..x100 i or. of siiiiman and Bowdoin
sts.; University Mound Tract.
$100— 40xlOo:3; E. sids of Tara st, 160 feet
N. o! Mount Vi'inon aye.; tan Miguel Homestead
Association.
$750— 585x.00: in Abbey Homestead Associa-
tion. &an -M»te<> County, rear Holy Lross Cemetery.
$4-o— 76xiiO: 14th aye. bouih, near Railroad
aye., .Sou h bau Francisco.
(800—80x237: W. side of Delaware aye., near
ocean House road, West /.nd Map 1.
C'HA!-. C. FIMIEk, tO7 California st-
Q. 1 .i - OR $1.60 ONLY FOX EXPENSE TO
O-l- •*-•■* record deed for a Home e^eat Home.
Home-seekers and especial, v you. g people, ma -
ried or unmarried, ask > ourself the question, where
is the i t-st ami safest place tor your earnings, lv a
commercial or savings bank or a good bank of
Mother Earth, 25x100 or __xl 20 feet on surface,
In depth to China; a firm foundation for a home,
located in suns't tiistrictana one of the choicest
spots on earin, fronting on or near Golden Gate
Park, new music stand, museum, 'leer, eIK and
buftdiopark If you decide on a home and happi-
ness in this world, can this day, or us soon as pos-
siol?, at my ollice and find out how cheap and easy
you can secure your »ho Cc of lots, or new
collages, new houses, new Mat , now building. or
select lot stud have a nome built within 60 days to
■Bit, on terms about same as rent. Now is the best
opportunity of your life, wnlle lots, wages and
but. ding materials are at bedrock, i-ebru ry Ist
prices wili be advanced ou some extra choice lo-
i-ii.i-d O-S and will surely double in pric ■ In th«
near future. J. T. HARRIS, Park View Hotel
building, cor. H st. and Math aye.. south side of
th" ParK. Electric cars pass the. door.
-—_-——————————
CENTtK 6i Heal Estate Agents,
Heal Estate Agents,
11 Montgomery su, u.id.'r Lick Houae..
$65,000— Choice downtown business corner, con-
sist! .g of stor. and rooming-houses: renting fur
$450 per mon h; call tor particulars; lul 6a:/x
li(); north of Market s;.
$.00i» -corner store and flat of 6 rooms and
ba.h; eh )ic» business location; underlease for 5
years at $62 per month; .ot 26x100; call for par-
ticulars.
• 1623 Fo som St.; 2-siory residence; 6 looms,
ba li iiiid basemen ; make offer.
$2900— Modern bay-Window cottage; 5 rooms,
bain and basemen:; stable, etc.; near 19:h and
Va encia six.
$1500— Ciieap lot on lKth St., near Howard;
24x100; street wor< all clone.
$it>so— Cheap lot on Church st , near Market-
-24x125 '
$2200—2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms, on Zoe st., near
I"Ol»Om. CENTER <& SP .IJEH,
11 ■ outgomery st
rilO j.X-HANOK— 4 modern fLATS, ALL
1 rente i and we. l located, value over mort<.itt«
$7000, ior which vacant or improved cuy rope-
e ly will be taiieu. KOBtRT J. MEi.CEK A
SON, .10 Pine st.
<J_ I ."j-fTTwTLL BUILD A FIRST.CLASS 6-
(J)iU JU iomi basement cottage; i orcelam
bath; wood mantels; brick lation, etc., com-
plete. $i 450 for 6-rooui cottaite. Call and see
plans, specifications, etc.; same submitted for nnv
Kind of building. Vv.W. KEDNALL, buiUer,
2312 Market at., near 14lb. ..';.,
(M i 1 c/k a BARGAIN IN A HuME; just
»J5 1 I t)\! . built; 4-rjoni and bath cottage, with
large basement, ail new; ' close to jUission-st. car
line; $7' down; $12 50 monthly. JA.uB HEY-
MAN, owner, li Montgomery su
UN N V HOM-8; $500 CASii: 2-sTOUY, 7
rooms, uatli, gas; haud-irescoed; $3600:
open dally. Geary sl, near Coon.
SOL GETZ A BROTH KR,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES. GRBAT BARGAINS.
fTIAKB ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
1 purchases, get a lot cheaper than you ever will
again. A $160 TO 0800: BUILDING LOTS;
t> I /»A $160 TO $800: BUILDFNO LOTS;
tip L\J\J. no grading; near Mlsslon-st. and San
Mateo electric car lines; only $6 monthly.
$■; C $100. $160 TO $800; CHOICEST LOTS
ts) 10. south of the park: near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stand and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly Installments.
J_».F./|TO $1100; RICHMOND LOTS: WE
»T _«JU can positively suit, you in location, price
and terms.
Call on us fl»t before purchasing; get map and
diagrams.
SOL. GETZ A BROTHER,
Kocm A, first floor, Crocker building.
"VTKW HOUSE; ONLY ONE LEFT; 2849 FILL-
-Li more St.; will tell cheap; built by day's work:
furnace heat: ' unobstructed marine new; good
Investment; house open. . ...
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
(Successors to BALDWIN A HAMMOND).
©Qfi'A EIGHTH ST., NEAR HOWARD;
tlpt/£O\J, 2-story bui ding; store and 2 flats
above: 5 and 6 rooms and ba h each; also 2 flats,
4 rooms each, in rear; rent $69: large lot.
A SNAP.
$I O AAA STOCKTON ST., NEAR SUT-
«Jn £.\J\J\J. ter: rent $110 monthly: $5000
mortgace can stand: 3 flats in good condition; 7
rooms and bath each. ______
C_9Q7£. NEW 5-KOOM AND BATH COT-
«J)_jOi _)• tage; Church St., near 22d; lot 26x
1-5; splendid view; a very attractive home.
m. -1 j-aa $100 CAS BALANCE $20
tip 1 OUU. monthly; nice new 4-room and bath
cottage; hot and cold water, mantel and all con-
veniences: lot 26x100; 3 minutes' walk to Mis-
sion-st. curs.
i <_»QKAA 4 FLATS. 4 AND 5 ROOMS EACH;
1 ~O\J\J. Fillmore st , near Haight; lot 48x82;
rent $70.
VERY CHEAP.
<DI7.aAA EXTRA LARGE LOT, 116x175.
tjp I iW, on Bush St., near I.yon, sunny side,
with 2-story house of 10 rooms: mortgage of
; $4000 can stand; this Is a forced sale.
ffjt .« C AA DOLORES - ST. CORNER: IM-
«Jp"T«J* )\f . provements cons st of 2 flats 6 rooms
and bath each; rent*3B; lot .5x90.
Jljf»or^ BIG SNAP: BRODERICK ST., NR.
tjpDZOl'. Eddy; double 2-s'ory house; 7 rooms
and bath each; rent $60; lot 32x100.
mjQAAA STaNYANST.: HOUSE 9 ROOMS
<JpOU"U. and bath; lot 25x167; street work
done; half cash will buy it.
mj PL AAA CAPP ST., NR. 24TH: 4 FLATS OF
tIpOUUU. 4 and 5 rooms ana bath each; rent
*48; lot 39:6x115.
NEW MODERN FLATS.
OTj(»;rriA L yoN " ST., NR. GROVE; 2 NEW
'TrUiJUl'. bay-window flats 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; ren. $60; lot 26x1.0.
(J.-1 A Ail A ELEGANT NEW COLONIAL
tjp_.t-. v' 'v. residence; 14 rooms. 2 bath and
I a 1 co;i\e:iioiices; flnished in mahogany, oak, birds-
; eye maple, etc.; ou Cmyst.; corner lot; 27:9 x
j 110. . ____ \
AT A GREAT SACRIFICE
TO CLOSE PARTNERSHIP.
Within 25 feet of the Emporium.
& I'lUl JESSIE, b_t. fourth and
«ra"±_JUU. Filth— iwo 1-story buildings
Baldwin A HoWKLL,
10 Montgomery st.
SPLENDID INVESTMENT. " "
DOWNToWN PROPERTY.
in>'>(? AAA TAYLOR ST., CLOSE TO MA
«Jp — 0.1/v/U. keL; pays a good rate of interest;
now bound to increase in value; lot 50x8j; im-
I provements iv good condition; a better pla:e for
your money it is mini s sible to rind.
IiALUWiN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
__________
OME LOTS,
FACING THE PARK,
. ots on II and I sts., Ninth and Tenth aveg.:
streets all graded: lo s level and large; price $760
upward: tt-ruis $60 cash, $10 mouthly; bes: in-
vestment for home lo.s in the cliv ; selling fust.
Baldwin a howell,
10 Montgomery s:.
OST SUCCESSFUL SALE ~~~
OF LOTS IN YEAR .
See at once the lots remaining unsold in the
blOclcs bounded by stan.vau, Frederick. Cole,
Shraderaud Bnulah streets.
PRICE $1,500 AND UPWARD.
YOUK OWN TEKMS.
Street worn done: all lot.-) large and level; re-
member, this property facei toe park, I* near
the Affiliated Colleges and h<is uiuqualed
cur facilities, can you find any other lots for
$1.-0 as desirable or witn us good prospects
for an advance in value?
Baldwin a howell,
10 Montgomery st.
__________________ _____ ~"
ACCOUNT OF NON-REsIDENT OWNER,
Ujt*} l '. ,\(\ Bay-window cotlugb on Elizalieth,
'iJJ)_- • O\J. near Douglas: 7 rooms and bath; very
cheap; cost owner $3-60 v short lima ago.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
UST BE SOLD
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
SQf^AA P.ents $1286 per aii'ium; cjo<j»> to
')O\J\J. Sixth aid Natoiua sis Two 2-story
buildings, aud 6 nats; 3. spetidld invesiment.
Baldwin a H well,
10 Montgomery St.
t;97i: LOIS ON" 26. H AYE., NEAK
«Ir«J 10. clement si.; terms $5 > CMb, $10
monthly; aRw left. C II at once fur par li mars.
BALDWIN _iiOW_LU
.0 Montgomery st.
ARK LOTs. ~
*2.6.
$-5 CASH.
$10 MO >THLY.
We have j_9t subjivlded the block bounded by
10th and 11 h av.s, N ado s-s.; prices $:25
c c.i for inside lots ana $350 for corners: terms
$25 cash, $10 monthly; title perfect; near the
Alll.lated <•,-•.'»; bound to advance in value;
buy a and put bside $10 a montn; It will pay
you well. - . .BALDWIN A iIOWr.LL,
10 Montgomery st.
$Z.(\[\ BUHBT., ML FOi-SO.M-KENTS
fitJKJyJ. $89; lot 25x75; we inus. sell Hi s
. place, and want an offer f rum you; welt built house
<C9PvO.fi IS THIS CHeiAPT FELL, NEAR
«3)_S_)UU. Baker: 25x137:6.
OjOrAA BENT $27; ALWAYS RENTED:
tJP«;»Jv/V/. Snn 1 ar:o«. near Nine. c nth: belong*
' to heirs, and an offer is wanted: no probate.
McEWKN BKos.; 118 Montgomery st.
T WANT TO BUY A SIUHTLY BUILDING
1 lot at Sausaiito. 6., box 42, Call office.
_______ _„._ ___
CC, HEM Isj
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGKNT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR BALE.
Choice building lot on Army and 27th sts.; close
I to electric road.
$450— .11 Carlo* Villa lot: 100x160 feet.
50x127:6 feet ou Jackson at., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park; -6x137:6 feet: electric road pauses houses;
make offer.
98500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— CholCM building lots north of park.
Bargain— S W. cor. Fiflu ay. and C st. : 109x95 ft.
KSIDENCE < F 8 It'OUS AND BATH,
cheap, at 1018 Sutler st; must be removed.
i Apply to H. JACKS, box 267, Guilders' Exchange.
A KG A IN.
Must be sold— 2 large bouses, renting for $60
! per month: double lot. 60x80; on the north line
I of Brannan si., bet Ist and ad: cheapest property
on the market For price and terms, apply to
i MADISON A BURKE, 626 Market st
i L'OK '•ALE ON EASY TE KMS-SIoDERN
I 1 houses on Masonic aye. and Waller st.: house*
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, balb, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun In every room;
I see them to-day. Take Haight or Ellis street car,
I >,et off at Masonic aye.: owner On premises.
; /(AAA FOR -ALK OR KXCHANUK.
t£)"iUUU. New cottage on 23d aye.. East Oak-
: land; 6 rooms and bath: high basement; br>ck
I foundation; bay windows; lot 5-Xl6O.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery at
MONEY TO LOAN.
"— PRIVATI?~AN_i RESPECTABLEi^ITH
very light Interest, Is the secret of our success.
1 ut-rnte ..oan Office, Flood building, room 7, en-
trance «09 Market St.
I Hj'J||A . nn AT HV_ PER CENT ON CITY
•IPOUU. ' <\.'\' real estate: also Oakland, estates,
life Insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 -Milts bunding, ground floor.
IGIILY KEsI'KCTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tne very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D.OR 3D MORTGAGES.
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
tiate: furniture aud pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
] \IKECT ON YOUK FUHNITUKIS UK PIANO,
xJ no removal: no delays, no commissions: low
I Interest. Km. 68. lionotui'* bldg, 1170 Market st.
! ffl!_»*>i^' 1 |/j|| A 1' BANK KATE-.; lsi AND
I <JpO^/c/. \J\J\J _d mort-azes, estate rents, etc.;
; lend an low a* $50. H. MIIRPHV. 62_ Market st.
HY PAY HIGH INT. ON .-mall LOANS?
We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
I on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
N FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
nocommls<lon. SCRIUN'KH. 7 City Hail uve.
.IVAIK PAKiY LOAN-- ON , YGlju D
socurlty:'ow Interest H.D., box 160, Cu1l omce.
MON E V TO LOAN ON KEAL KSTATE: AN V
amount. LLIAMS, 214 Pine st., room 3.
! (JJ«- A IO $60,000; i-o \\ r.M hATh: im ,fc .1)
I jJptJU mortgage: Hut or instlmnt. Drrden, 635 Cal.
■DVANCK- ON DIAMONDaJEWEi,KY.I-.lL.'
I oliimbl:'. Loan A ' ollnternl Oltire. 9 (riilit avo.
PAWNBROKERS.
j A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY, BlL-
xi.verware,planos;low rate3.Nhtl.Loan,l3BTßylor
JGHi-Nl' J'KJCK PAID 101 l LAS I' oF7
clothln?. • iwrropo'lmn i nun oflir-. 49 Third.
~ BIONKY WANTED.
WANiED"-s2ob ON GOOD" sKCURITY^ 1
hit cent per month; no agents. Loan, box
140, Call Office. '.'.."'
___«-U><l;_AX;
BANKBOOKS CA . SAVINGS AND LOAN— I
J5 will bny. B. 70 916 Market st., S. F.
ATTORNEYS- AT- LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVOKCE LAWS A SPEC-
Ia ty: private; no fee without success: pro-
bate, Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
deeds, damages, etc.; prryate detective*: estab-
lished 10 years. G. W. HO ■» K. 850 Market st ;
DVICE FREE; NO CHAItUK UNL.KSS BUC-
cessfui. J. G. JEFFRr 632 Market, rm._3.
KING, CHRONICLE. BLDG; cONbUL-
. tHilon free: probate: all cases: fees low.
DVICP-MU.I-; JSO CiiAKUli; UNLKSS &UO-
cea-fuL W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market at.
COUNTRY SEAL ESTATE.
GH. UMBSEN & CO.
• DAVID BUSH, Manager Country Dep't.
14 MONTGOMERY BT.
WE DESIRE TO CALL THE ATTENTION OF,
intending buyers of country lands to some
bargain* in improved Income-producing orchard,
vineyard, grain and stock farm, many of which
are bank foreclosures, that we have In Alam da,
Contra Costa. Napa, Sonoma, Solano, San Ma co
and Santa Clara c. uu ies, In the middle aad north-
ern coun.ies and in the San Joaquin Valley. Our
Mr. Bush, bav.ng had forty yeais' knowledge and
experience of the value of land for orchard and
vineyard purposes and being the ow"her of an
mc me-producin.; or« hard and viueyard, can
intelligently direct intending buyers to the best '
lands and lar^i.h in the State.
$• ac/i 40 ACRES 3 MILES FROM LOS
)(t)W, Gatos: orchard of prunes and
peaches; good Improvements.
(5. |(i(||| 22 ACRKS NEAR SANTA ROSA;
tJP^UUU. 1000 prunes: 4 acr. s in vineyard;
balance good grain land with fine Improvements,
ffl;«_)AA/| 45 ACRES NEAR ST. HtiLEN*.
«J)oUUI-f. r\apa County bearing orchard and
vineyard with floe improvements.
i',||(| 1& ACrtE- PRUNE ORCHARD
«JTT:«JUU. one mile from Los Gatos 00. road to
EXCHANGK— A NICELY IMPROVED PLACE
of 7 acres near San Mateo: all out in orchard
wit' fin.- building ani modern Improvements.
rXCHA:>UE-A NICE MODERN RESI-
J-" dence and large lot in East Berkeley; va'ue
$50.0.
EXCHANOh.— NICE MODERN RESIDENCE
J-i and large lot in fashionable part of East Oak-
lan . ; value $7500.
rpHifi fKOBLtM SOL ■ ED.
PROFITABLE FARMING.
CHEAP TRANSPORTATION.
ONLY 20 MILES FROM STOCKTON.
HEALTHFUL CLIMATE.
DELIGHTFUL HOMES.
GOOD CROPS, WITH OR WITHOUT IRRI-
GATION.
Q9/Y ACRF.B ON SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY
O~VJ Railroad, near Escalon San Joaquin
County, Cal. : under Siani-i.auj canal; level and
lertile; suitable to alfalfa, sugar beets, grain, fruit
(including oranges), vegetables, etc.
PRICE ONLY $40 PER ACRE.
A COLONY,
MAY UTILIZE THIS SEASON.
Persons desiring to join one, by buyln? for cash
or in exchange for city property, should apply at
once, and
For further particular* address
MCAFEE BROS.,
Real Kstatp Brokersand Financial Agents,
108 Montgomery »t., San l-rancisco.
»> In DESIRABLE HOME OF 15 AC RES
<I!)iJ^.«JU. fine land: Napa City: a. l under cul-
tivation: orchar i and grain; good improvements;
stock, tools, e c included.
<£9fWlfi 80 ACRES OF CHOICE SANDY
Z.\J\J\J . loam, near Watsonvllle.
®9^fifi 25 ACRES NEAR WATSON-
tIp^UUU. ville; 16 in orchard; splendid dace.
I. C. 6CHARFF. 2" Montgomery st.
ijjji C (inn 15 A'CRKS NEAR BELMONT:
<IDXO.''UU. emlt.i house of 12 roim», all
compl»l<"ly furnished; every modern convenience:
4 acres bearing orchard: good barn a: d outbuild-
ings: will take half Id ou: side lands, balance easy
terms.
CHOICE LANDS AT SAN MATEO, MF.NLO.
\J ••ounaln View, Santa Clara aid *an Jose; we
make a specialty of Santa Clara Valley lands.
e"HAINWALU, BUCKBEK & CO..
818-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
RANCH TO RENT— 23O ACRES, ALL UNDER
CDltivntton: 12 acres In berries: 15 acres in
pears, 2000 trees; -acres in asparagus; 30 cows;
10 norses; 75 calves.
Ranch near city; rent $5 acre year: 3 crops of
rye grass r l»ed each year. Further particulars
at-MLRRAY & HKaDY'S, Leadl g Employment
Agents, ti34 and 636 Clay st.
A LFALFA LANDS TO l.h.A-K FO X A TERM
A of years: level, fertile loam, under canal;
near Escilon, San Joaquin county, Cal., by! ■
McVFEE BitOTHBrtS,
108 Montgomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
Q ACRE-, SAN JOSli, YOUNG PRUNES.
0 peaches between bearing. L. THi.l'HOl/17,
1965 West st , Oakland.
AT SACRIFICE: 6-R OM COTiAG..; HAKD
iiuisb; bath; hot and cold water; sewered;
8-foot basement: 'lot 50x150; must sell immedi-
ately; part payment accepted, or will rent by the
year. Box 261, Haywards, I aL
ANT A CLAR CuUNTY.
Hon. B. D. Murphy's subdivision of th? great
Murphy nomeste d, near Mountain View: this is
| without doubt the line.-v property b'ing offered in
the^tale; situate on main line of railroad; 40
' mile- south of - i.n Francisco; 6 miles to Stanford
I'nlvereliy; 8 mlle3 to San Jose; 16 passenger
: trains daily ; soil deep sand/ sediment; all cov-
| ered with magnificent llveoaks: there are now
many line young orchards growing on the ranch:
1. cannot be excel ed for prunes, peaches, apri-
! cots or cherries. For full par icular.s as to terms
| and prices wri:o CROSsMaN & ORVIS, Sole
| Agents, 4a East Santa Clara St., San Jose.
T.IOR RENT— t'HKKK.> HANCri 10y ACRES
J? at $100 per year. F. NEWMAN, El Veraao,
; Cat ■ .::-,-.■
T7ILEGANT VINEYARD; WOULD EX-
j Sli change: rare bargain. Rni. 70, Columbia bid*.
\K; A .TKJJ —IN K.\CUA FOR CITY j
i • » lodging-house clearing $200, improved coun-
! try property: wii I pay part cash. SPECK & CO.,
] 6 '2 Market St.
Tll i I.E homes LOSE TO town; IM~-
| ±J proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
;on 8 and 1 year*' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City, every Monday at 632 Market St.. S. F.
KRN COUNTY IXVKsTM.- XT-BAKERS
Ho d is one of the most advantageous points
in California Jor investment right now; I have to
offer some of the best business and residence prop-
erty nt vers- low prices; sure to increase in value:
also improved property that will pay. corre-
spondence solicited. R. B. BWAYNE, Bakers-
| Held. Cal.
A A IN— 26 ACRES CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter ve<etab'es. $25 per acre;
83 acres rich soil, 4 flowing springs $ 6 per acre;
18 acres, running water all the year soil very pro-
ductive, all fenced, $40 per acre, near Pleasanton,
A lamed a County, call or write, 57 Chronicle
building.
KND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lands for sale Dy H. FRANCIS, )
! rooms 69-71 Chronicle building. San Fran' Cal. i
~~\ WEwKS NEWS FOR 3 CENTS—
A WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
HOUSES AND LOTS, FKOM $200 TO
OV) $28,1)00: 100 ranches, everywhere, prices
| $300 to $46,000 150 stores Mid buaiiie«4 places,
I from $50 to $10,000 tor sale or exchange.
j H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fif:h.
<n.r/W\ FOR|-ALt; OR EXCHANGE. THE
«JpUUU. equity in 6-room cottage at the Mission
Address I. N., box 85, Call oihce.
XCH4NOK— GwOD LOil . SEATTLE AM)
some cath for good piece or land or home-
stead. Address JOHN, box 157, Call Office.
(JTj 7 'HI) SAN FRANCI--CO FoR AUMEDA
liJUU. or Oakland property. Address In
vestment, box 85. Call Office. -
miJIBEU- 1280 AC ES: KKKiVCO.; P..H.NTY
I 1 water; excellent stock ranch. N., box 16, Call.
<Si.iYl(U\ EQUITY IN IMPROVED CITY
«Jp I UUU. property to trade for ranch. S., box
72, Call Office .
jnn7rA 18-ACRE^ OUCHARD DlVKRSl-
tjp^i I «)U. fled fruits. 8 year- old. with new house
5 rooms and staule; n early fruit belt: for sale on
ensy terms or exchange for San Fra iciscj or Bay-
city property. Adar.ss N. N., box 3.i, Call.
~>f\f\ 'HOUSE OF 3 KOOMS; LOT 25x140:
- UU. will exchanse for Improved or unim-
proved country property: mortgage J9OO at 7 per
cent. 1402 Valencia s:., cor. Twenty-fifth.
(jj. 1 7 i\l\\\ HOUSE OF 16 RoOMS ON 60-
- .UUV». vara lot, San Francisco, to ex-
change for ranch in the bay counties: very desir-
able property. GKO. W. HAIGIII, 220 S.insome.
VJK.M* J-uit OO'K Llsl' oh" UHUIIAKu HOMli-4
!>J tor«iii». W«>O««TKH & WHTTTOV, « :in Jose.
I '
PROPERTY WANTED.
IPOR $200— STOCK ANI) PA V I NG BUSINESS^
' small lot. X., box 15, Call Office.
W r ANTED— ABOUT ONE SECTION GRASS
' » land; living; water. Cash, box 3d, Call.
I
DENTISTS.
THIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: CHEAP; PA*-
Jj able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th and Mission.
C»n FULL Si^T oP 1 ir.l'n .wimi'H *16: j
'tip I . warranted 5 years: extraction free: tilliugi
60c Chicago Dental I't.rlon. 24 Sixth st.
v>ositivk».y painless extraction,
X DR. HARDING, 600 Butter: tel. main 5375.
HALKANT & LiiAI.FANT, MOVKD FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridi;ework a specialty.
\ULiU.s JJI'..\IAL ASSOCI.wJUA, »0b -u.Aii-
/ ketst. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. j
Q-rj a bh 1 ! 1 FOR Vf.ll lH-WA i.KA.*TJiD A^
fT I good as can be made: tilling $1 DR -~i.M-M.-i,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
pAINLiisS «.XTUACiIu.\, - tOe; CRoWN
X bridge work a specUlty: plates 95 tip: 13 yean'
| experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S.. 815% Geary.
T\K. Ll/DLUM ilJLi* 1443 UAKKhT al'., NX.
XJ Eleventh : no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c: gai given.
T/ULL bET OF 'IKJi'IH. «V: FILLING. 50C:
X I crowns $3. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
L^KT or iEEin WiT,.uUl' a I'LAiK DX.
0 H. G. Young. 1841 Polk st.
1 \ti. J. J. i-r.J!./\. liUb.UAhliM. LUii. i,nLUEN
U Gate avc: oi.en ►veninci; >nnd«rs till noon.
/■■tROOME DENTAL ASiUCiAiiuX 7i,!> MAli-
*-■ ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; palnleii
«xtractln^. with gas, $1; plates. $5 up: fill. $1 up.
DR. Siolii W. LEEK. THE OhKfINK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
ted patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from a to 20 o'Parrellic.
ALL WORK ithASuM AitLK AND WAJi-
JX ranted. UK. J. W. KEY, 1122 Market v. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL- ESTATE.
ffljqcnrj to close an estate: this
is)*JV\J\j. property must be sold; 2-story house
of 8 rooms: ail modern; fine corner lot; reel
work all don;; central location.
SX^Afk WILL BUY A FINE NEW MOD-
tg)>)>>\)\J em dwelling of 8 large rooms, ail in
tint-class condition; lot 36 feetlront; right in the
heart of the city: easy :erms can be "arrange tl.
Apply to HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth st
Oak. and, CM.
I A ACHES: HAVW AR . 4 :; HALF IN FRUIT:
! U for sale. $1700. C. K. KING, 9u2 Broadway.
Oakland, i. al.
\(\ ACRES; CAi-IST.iG \ : NICE HOUSE,
tIU barn and vineyard: only$3000; easy terms.
C. K. KINu, 9i)a Broadway, Oakland. .
/• ACRES: WALNUT CREEK: CONTRA
"' Costa County: chicken rancti; only $1000. C.
K. KING. 9u2 hr >adway, Oakland.
(•fill ACRES ORANGE LAND NEAR OR>-
•J\J\ I ville; $5 per acre. C. K. KING, 902 Broad-
nay, Oakland.
I 1 ACRE-: ST. HELENA, NAPA CO.; NICE
II house an. 1 barn; very cheap. C. K. KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland. • " • '»' ■;-•
70 ACRES; CONTRA C STA CO., ON LINE
•O of California and Nevada R. R. ; trade for
bouse In Oakland or San Francisco. C. K. KING.
902 Broadway, Oakland.
ATEW FIRM AM) NEW BARGAINS IN
J-^l realty; house of 4 rooms, lot 30x100; sew-
erage complete; only $500: easy terms: cars every
t n minutes by the door: this is one of our many
bargains; give us a. ca.i. LOWRY, oWi£> & CO.,
limited, 1 ruitvale, near station.
ill buill7~7-~ro>>m HOUSE ON LOT 40
»' xlsolo«uit buyer; well located; $400 cash;
easy installments. Address A. L. TODD, Arling-
ton Hotel, Oakland.
O>|L>(|f) RANCH OF 1 6y ACRES, VINK-
<IP i-OV/U. yard, family orcnard, house, barn,,
etc.; in heart of Napa Valley: grapes paid $400
this year; former price $65U0; mortgage of $'25l»O
foreclosed; will sell now for $1800. ALDEN &
CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
Al\lt ACRES GOuD LAND, ALL Cl EAR, TO
WU trade. ALDEN & CO., 902 Broadway,
Oakland. .--.v-".-".- ."Av -.-.->:■ :•
tEjTk>7P. this' h~a~ba"r';ain; MODERN
ts) 14 I O. cottase of 5 rooms and bath: fine
mnntel: 7-foot basement: lot 50x145. fenced;
only one block from >ruitvale avenue; terms If
desired. H. A. PLKIfNER, Frultvale station.
AM AUTHOIUZKD 1O SELL THE FoL-
lowing property, taken under foreclosure of
mortgage, at cost of foreclosure:
No. I— Cottage; 5 rooms, bath; No. 1 condition:
newly papered and painted; 1 block to local sta-
tion and electric -cars; price $1500; $200 to $100
cash, b lam o huh. l! ! .-:s ■ ■ .
No 2— A well-ouilt house. 6 rooms; bath* large
lot; 3 blocks to local station: 1 block to car lines;
street work all done; will soon be business prop-
erty; stores now located In same block; prio
$.500: $400 Cash.
No. 3 -House 8 rooms; bath; barn; lot 60x116;
sunny expo ure: very convenient to business;
neighborhood first class: lot al .ne worth price
asKed tor property; street work complete: price
$*6UO. J. 8. MY .RS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
I'VE BEKN »OLD SO, BUT WOULD LIKE TO
-1 investigate for myself— A handsome 5-room,
h gh-basemenl cottage, with bath, closets, pantry:
hard finished; very modern; fine lot, and all com-
plete lor $950: terms 10 suit your earnings; choice
lots a. so can be ha I for $75 and upward: streets
all graded; electric roads near and fine school-
house; Allendale Tract, in Fruitvale, adjoining
East Oakland: climate, soil and view une\c<-l ed;
conveyance free. 459 Ninth St., Oakland, H. Z.
JwNft.S, owner.
Q* 7r \ TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
«]p I O lot* in the town of Fllchbnrg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company: only 46 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms to null buyers. Apply to
C M. HUNKL&, owner, l) 15y a Washington su,
Oakland, cal.
«i» 1 f.(l LOT* NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IX
CD A O\J, Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fa?;: pood improvements.
H. B PINNF.Y owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
FOR 2 ROOMS WITH BATH, LAUNDRY
and telephone privilege incju .ed, $7 per month.
1662 Twelfth si.. Qakla d. ■ - -'.--■-■
ALAMEDA ADVERTIbMEfIfS
j*T,A>TKT>\ kjsaii FSTATIS.
iTp^^^nTTdownTbaXance
0 sa ne as rent.
J2850— Handsome new colonial cottage; 6
rooms, laundry and bath; large lot: near Grand-
st. station. ■-;.*'-' ': -:i V.
$2000— Pretty colonial cottage; 5 rooms and
bah: just completed: near narrow-gauge station.
$3.50 — One of the handsome-*; and cheap-
est cottages in Alameda; 8 rooms bath and
laundry, storeroom, etc.; all the lutes', Improve-
ments; op brick fireplace: pane celling in din-;
ing-room choic corner lot, 5Ux 10-: this is a bar-
gain. MARCUSE it Kfc.JI.MKi,, Bav-st. station
(broad g^uze), Alameda; 6.8 Market st , S. F.
Office open Sundays and holidays.
BA RG aTn • COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS; BATH ;
high basement: less than a block from Park
Ft.; near station; street work comp c c: $1500.
For terms call or nddiesi J. D., 1525 Park st.
BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
VOft^ALE OR KXIHANGK FOR LOTS OR
T ranch; pretty 5-room cottage; modern improve-
ment-,; lot 45x110, barn, etc ; nice locution; bandy
to train and electric-cars. Ad. box 113, Berkeley.
<£. 1 i fin HOUSE V 3 ROOMS IN BEKKE-
»JJ>IUUVJ. ley; lot, 75xia5: near station; $100
aown. $15 monthly. CHAS. .A. BaILEY, 20
Monigomi ry st.
ATEW 5-RoOM COTTAGE; MANTEL, BATH,
XI uautry, laundry, hot and cold water, stable,
ch:cki-n-house; fenced; sewered: 2 blocks from
station: lot 40x100; $1600. W. C MORAN,
Lorln, or F. BOKGLE, Golden Gate. ;•
UST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE:
lot 123x270; 2 blocks from station; street
work dOie: an offer wanted. JUS. J. MASON
Berkeley station.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
LTaTpUNTA TRACT; GEM OF^rHtTBAY
District; 426 acres: subdivided: 8 ml es north
of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes from
san Francisco; lots DOx'JOJ; from $100 to $200;
installments: send lor a map. GEORGE W.
H a IGIIT. 220 Sansoroe St.. S. 1-.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
RE~YOIT CON rkMPLATiNG ~THE PUR^
chase of a piano? if so our warerooms contain
Hi'- most desirable stock from which to makn the
selection; bargains for cash, insta lments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some piano) for S3.
$4 an 1 $5 per month; beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, $$, $9 and $10 per month: no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts all
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for a Steinwny any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., repre-
sentatives of Stein way i Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and suiter Ms., San Francisco; also Oakland,
Cal.; Portland. Or.: Seattle. v> ash.
,' E HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OF
the wonderful Ivers A Pond pianos, a specially
■ elected stock; all styles, uprights and grands.
just received; it is im) ossibiu to make iv better
piano: absolutely without a weak point; sole
azents for Ivers & Pond, Lindeman, Connor,
.Muehlfeld. Haynes and Singer pianos. J. T.
BOWERS & SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
A ITUALLY THE 81-.Sl' BARGAINS IN
/V. pianos; see our 1 st for this week: piano? on
$3, $'■;. $5, $H. $7. $8, *9, 810, $15. $20 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover with each: deliv-
ered tree anywhere in the city and 'kept tuned by
expert conceit tuner*. The 1". W. SPKNCi'-R Co.
Salesrooms, 933 Market St., opp. Mason.
KSOLUTKLY THEOL I) r. ST AND LA RU ST
bouse west or Chicago Is KOHLER <&
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, or-
gans and - all other musical instruments, of all
grades and price*: terms easy; prices lowest:
everything possible dune to pleas 9 amd satisfy inn
customer.
AINKS, BUSH ifc GERTS AND KNABE Pl-
.anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
nprlghtß. $135: organs, $35. W. c HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Post st.
"T LMOST NEW WEB PIANO, $200,
XX. cheap; Ste:nway, good condition, $175: tine
organ, cheap. THE J. DEWING COMPANY.
second floor. Flood building; elegant display of
fine Hardman plights. .
lANUS S D, RENTED, TUNED, RK-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other firm m lao tr.y. J. HARRY
6COTT, 526 Hayes St.
GRAND UPRIGHT CURLED WALNUT
\J piano, used very little; cheap: must be sold
on account 01 death In the family. 211 Shot well.
.A DMINISTRATOR'S, SALK— MUM' bn-LL,
.r.Y- pianos at Immense reduction for cash or on
Ins ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
L INE SQUARE. ~$ 5 j STEIN-WAY OR
P Decker Bros., $350. New uprights, best and
cheapest, at MAUVAIS'," 769 Market g:. -
fl>Q|J aTouI) 7-OCTAVK ti'PKIOHT; FINE
ifpOW. condition :ssinstallmts.22lLfavepwortb.
ARGAIN — FINK (.HICKKRING $100.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister next Htbetnla Bank.
(I> I A() A WALNUT UPRIGHT. STOOL,
<IpIUU. scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house, 228 Post.
SHAW". STEINWAY $260, CHICKERING
$185;ereat bßrgalns.s4mo HEINE.I 36 El? It.
AGNIFICENTSTKINWA V UPRIGHT AND
schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019Vnn New
\\f G. BADGKII. SOj-E A ENTFORHALLET
• > .<t Davis mill Francis Bacon pianos. 406sacto.
YRON MA LZ V, 308 P- »T ST.— >OHMKK,
JJ N <-wbv <t K van<. Br:ez< anil other piano*.
UPJtIIIOP. VIOLINS, ZIT H J-. RS, OLD& NEW
H. MULLER. maker.' repairer. 'A 1 a ham place.
A WEEK'S -NEWS FOR' 5 CENTS — TiiU
-."X WEEKLY CALL. In wraDDerrior malUift 5 .
HOUSES TO LET.
f»QQ HAIOHT: 9 ROOMS; BATH; CEMENT
OO»7 cellar: laundry, etc $45
2612 Foisom, 12 rooms. bath, stable, etc 40
726 shot well, 9 rooms, bath 30
462 Eighth ave.,- Richmond, new cottage, 5
rooms, bah 25
14! 8 fifteenth, nr. Howard, 6 rooms, bath. sl7 60
16 Lafayette, 6 rooms + $18
2136 Union, cot tag-, 5 rooms, bath 15
20 Ash iiv., nr. Polk aud McAllister, 4 rooms. 15
1019 Capp, 6 rooms 13
1-JX2 Yoik', cotthg-, 5 rooms, bath, stable 14
1940 Lexlngtcn Rye., cottage, 5 rooms, bath... la
422 Capp, 4 rooms 12
W. H. PRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery at.
<£ I '-< AND $16! 603 AND 607 WILLOW
tip i «* aye., off Laguna st., beu Ellis and Eddy;
two houses; 6r< 01113 and ba:h. Api yto SHAIN-
WALD, RICKBEh. & CO., Mills building, 218-and
220 aiomgomtry st.
•JCC/; WENTy -SECOND, NR. DOLORES— S
OOOU nice sunny rooms ana bath; cheap;
$12 50.
C -ROOM COIT.'GE, STABLE AND LARGE
• yard; on Vicksburg and Jersey sts.,nr.Twenty-
fourth and Church. >
"ffijO.i C A RKNT RBDUCKD: SUNNY
«JpO*-.tJU. house 7 rooms, bath ; modern. 91*
till* St., near Van Ness aye.
OUSE TO LKT CHEAP, WITH 6 ROOMS
and bath. 121 Page st.
SI Q HOUSE OF~6~ROOMS, AN D ONE $12.
«3* • O 4ro >ms; on Lawrence place, off Fremont
st., bet. II.i: i i .on and Bryant; on Rincon Hill: in
fin.' ord< r; grand view if bay.
PPKECIATED IF SEEN: VB MORRIS AVK.,
off Harrison near sixth: sunny house of 6
rooms: good order; $13; water free; yard; cellar.
©I A, n"OUSEOF"4NICE ROOMS, 7 7 FEET
<p-Lv. from cor. Californiaand Hydests.; water
and ashes free. Inquire 13.8 California st.
1 Z\OCi TAYLOR— SUNNY' HOUSE.IO BOOMS,
XU^VJbath; tine view; reut $40; water free.
if' 1 1 DORE, BET. NINTH ANO TENTH,
tUu Bryant and Harrison — 4 rooms: rent $12.
C«7777~>f7j HOUSE OF 6 SUNNY' R00..18
i\p£~..K)vr. and bath; water free; good loca-
tion. 622 Ellis st.
far HOUSE 7 KOOMS; BATH LA UN-
— »J. dry; sunny yarl; earden. 1013 Union.
NICE houses on jacks >n st.,
near Leavenworth; rent reduced to $12 60.
Apply BOVEE, TOY & SON N TAG, 30 Mont-
gomery st. •
0 NICE SUNNY HOUSES ON LEAVES*
£ worth, near Jackson: rent reduced to $15. Ap-
ply BuVEE, TOY & SONNTAG. 30 Montgomery.
U>Q HOUSE OF FIVE RO MS, IN HEALTHY
«IpO. neighborhood. 1555 Kearny street, near
Greenwich, S. F.
OUSK OF 9 SUNNY iOMS, COR. PIERCE
JH st. and Elm aye. nr. Turk $3J 50.
JjOA 2-STORY HOUSE, 7 ROOMS, BATH,
tJpOU. cellar and yard. 483 Halght.
7 ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY, SUNNY
I side of Glen Park ay. ; In excellent repair and
very tractive; $: 0. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye , off Twelfth st.
1 VI Pv MISMON— HOUSK. 14 ROOMS; BATH
1 c. 1 O and range: suitable for ruomtra; rent *40.
AD TH.Na.NTs KJECTKD; $3. isMTTH",
collector, 14 McAllister at., rooms 10-11.
mjk>/\ 2814 LAUUNA: HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
f*J*)_v/. $16—1835 Union: corner; 4 rooms.
$14—1833 Union; 4 rooms.
ROOMS; 533b~~sT7coND STTI $15 PER
month. Key at 539 * econd st.
7 ROOMS; 637b SECOND bT.; $17 PER
I mo ith. Key at 639 Second st.
t ROOMS; NEW HOUSE; MODERN I.M-
-0 provements; 46 Federa si.; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 >eco.<d st, -
uUbn.it To ilikA'l" b\Jli VERY LiTTLN
money at BALDWIN it HAMMOND'^ U
Mnnirnmerv «t
' FURNISHED HOUSES.
ATICELY FI'RM-UKD -UNNY UPPER
•i\ flat- modern : cheap. 2514 Suiter St., 11 to 12.
COTTAGES TO LET.
d|7 NSAI 6- Xi H ).M BA V- I NDOW OOT-
«Ip 1 . taee; basement. 6*Sllverst., or 9 Roscoe
off Crescent aye.
ATEAT COTTAGE OF 5 ROOM-*, BATH, CEL-
i-N lar, yard: $15. 3861 1 wentleth st.
Wi c NICE COTTAGE 5 R"OMS; BATH:
tjplc). sunny; yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
O LET— 8-iU)OM CO'ITA(.E; YARD, ETC.
16 Lombard st., near Halght.
/CHANCE F R GOuD TENANT^: 3 AND 4
\J room cottages; $8 to $12. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
SUNNY COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS, BA-EMENT
and yard. 36.8 a Army st.
Q. I j COT! AGit. 4 ROOMS; LARGE YaRDj
chicken-yard. 3343 1 weuty -first sU,
above Va encia.
UNNY COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS; BATH: BAsE-
SUNNY yard; rent 5 ROOMS; BATH; BAsK-
ment; yard ; rent cheap. Dolores and Fi:-
teHnth st* .
FLATS TO LET;
T/ViTb^V^ALENXIA ST. — NKW, 8 ROOMS,
J 111 A bath $32 61)
1025 Valencia— 6 rooms, bath $'-'3 60
637 Howard— s rooms, batii $22 60
1143 Va'encia— 6 o.ms, b«th $^2 60
3629 Seventeenth— near Dolor- 8, upper 7
- rooms, ba;h $.'OOO
16 9'lur —5 rooms, bath $20 00
115 Hermann, near Valencia and Market 5
rooms, bath... .' $18 00
116 Dorland, near Seventeenth and Dc-
lores— s rooms $14 00
834 a Alabama— 4 rooms '. $11 00
,■ W. H. CKJM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
WHY NOT MY A HOME INSTEAD OF
" paying rent? owing to hard times we will
sell I'/ homes, say (200 cash and ba ance same as
rent: price from $1500 up. fcee SPECK & CO.,
6J2 Market St.
TWO NICK SUNNY FLAT-, 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
"1 rent $8 and 410. 2041 HanUon St., opposite
Eighteenth. ■ ■
HANDSOME, SUNNY, NEW, 4 ROOMS: ALL
modern; cheap rent. 2927 fcacramento st.
i )Q. li CALIFORNIA, KEYS 281-6 SUNNY
sLO , U rjoms and bath: modern; rent <30.
LEGANT SUNNY FLaT-7 ROOM . BATH;
JCj latest impiovemects. 3339 Twenty-first St.,
near VaWiicia. ■ -
on PLEAS NT ST., BET. TA > LOR AND
O\J Jones, Clay and Sacramento— 6 rooms, batn;
rent $20. . '
HANDSOME NEW SUNNY FLAT OF 8
rooms, batn; large basement: beauilful ma-
rine view: low rent. 2115 Hyde st.
._,(■ 1.1 TWENTY - FIRST, NEAR VALEN-
-001 cia— i-lat of 3 rooms and bath: In Mission
warm belt.-
♦_>£.£. , TWENTY- THIRD. NEAR GUER-
OUO-i rero— French flu of 4 rooms and bath;
st tlonary tub}; new tinting, etc.
017 DORE-FLAT Of 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
Oil rent $9. .
ODERN SLNNY FLAT; 5 ROOMS; WARM
belt. 841 Capp st., near Twenty -fourth.
L LAT OF 5 nOoMS ANi/ BATH; LaUNDRY:
J rent reasonable. 2231 Geary at.
ODERN, SUNNY, NEWLY FUtt.MSHED
flat: 5 rooms and bath. Call between 10 and
2, 3608 Twenty-fourth st.
(>*>/» PINE— NEW FIRST-CLASS FLAT TO
yOU let; 7 rooms and bath.
UNNY FLAT OF 4 ROOMS. 618 STEVEN-
son St.. be.. Sixth and Seventh.
ATtW SUNNY UPPKK FLAT; 4 ROOMS; 3176
IN 25th, cor.Folsom. J.A.ULRICH.41 1 rocker bL
<n» I t.) FLAT 5 SUNNY ROOMS: STALLa IF
«p JL. desired. 32 Ches ty, off Bryant.
7 UPPE . FLAT 6 ROOM A PPL V T WE N-
i . ty -fourth aiid Florida; grocery.
<D.l /I- UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH; COR-
«_ I r. ner. .Apply Tweuty-fouith and Florida;
grocery. '
ffl. 1 / v FLAT 4 ROOMS. H,. LL, DOUBLE PAR-
OJLU. lors; yard. 1606V2 Stevenson St., near
Eighteen h.
1 FULTON— FLAT OF EIGHT SUNNY
"iOV rooms; rent $30. __^
>J(»ij (UIi.VE, NEAR UOUUH — MIDDLE
OuD flat 6 sunny rooms: bath.
ATW. COR. PACIHC AND HYDE: NICE BUN-
J.N ny Hat; 7 rooms: bath; unfurnished.
A"! ICE SUNNY FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND
IN bath. tHy Foisom st., cor. Hampton place.
TTPPERFI.AT; 4 ROOMS: BATH; MODERN
U improvements: on Twelfth St.; $20.
Loner fiat: 5 rooms; bath; laundry; front and
rear yards for flowers: $22 50. I ■
.tour sunny roims and bath on Glen Park are.;
second floor: $15. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye., off Twelfth st.
Amo WALLER, NR. FILLMORE — LOWER
tiUO flat; 4 rooms: bath; $17. MADISON &
BURKE.
A— 300 VACANT FLATS AND HOUSES, «8
. to $200; 20 new ones now ready. SPECK &
CO., 6U2 Market st.
POCK ROOMS, UPPER. NEW, MODERN;
-T bath, etc.: sunny. 1022 Fell st.. bet. Central
and Masonic ayes.: facing Park Panhandle.
4||i FLATS; 4 ROOMS KACH. 26 RICH
iS>L v. at., between Foisom and Harrison. - :
PJ'KR FLAT: F I N E V I W ; 5 ROOMS AND
lath. Apply 1325 Washington, near Jones.
UNNY FLAT Of 4 t.OOMS AND BATH;
$13; no children. - 520 a Turk st., rear.
7-1 >J FRANKLIN, NEXT HOUSE TO GOL-
IIO den Gate aye.— Sunny flat, 8 rooms; bath;
$32 50 . | .■ ■
ICE FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; BATH AND MOD-
ii era com ententes; reasonable rent. 421 Lyon
St., near Hayes. .
QQk TWELFTH— SUNNY ROOMS AND
OOP bath: rent $18. Apply i9lslsst.
ELEGANT -NEW WUNNY CORNER FLAT OF
-i 7 room* and bath; all modern Improvements.
784 Hdlghi su .
t'NNV LOWKK FLAT; 5 ROOMS, BATH"
yard; $15. 17201^ Foisom, ur. Thirteenth.
/>O- JESSIK Si., LPPER PART— SUNNY
\)~> • room" to adults. |V
Additional Classified Advertise*
meats on Page 14.
1314
FLATS TO LET- Continued.
A-WJUU iLAT; FEDERAL P^CE. off fed-
-4 eral Bt.: to a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 639 >econd st.
1 — - GROVE - SUNNY UPPER 6-ROOM
ID I i flat: convenient; 1 or '2 families.
lit, HE.wMA.\N-« iU.OMS AND BATH;
D — latest improvemen s: rent $19.
Ci'U Xi- aR CO- ' Au"kT~3 BOOKa; NO CHIL-
CpD. dren 715 Tebama st.
"oUNNY 3-ROOM FLAT. THE MAYBELLE.
0 202 Grove St.. cor. Van Ness aye.
r 0..1 JES.-IE, NX. slXi'U-LOVVER flat
0-j —•> of 5 rooms, bath and gas: rent »16.
HEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
l_ rooms. 58 to $16: see them. 523 Seventh st.
1" 3LAT: 1 D ROOMS AND BATH: SUNNY BELT:
T flB per mouth; iißloy 3 Mission st. Apply ti44
Capp st. .
O 1 Q AND »20; MODERN FLATS, 8 AND 6 .
0> O rooms. 04 and 96 Belcher at., near S. end
III! more.
_. I 1 LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS.
J&H. bath and gas. »«28 Nineteenth St., bet.
>oeand Sanchez. .
rLA ,, TZ it_.\T t\J ti. VERY LITTLE
b ntoney at BAIJ>WI.N _ HAiIAIONI/* 1U
juontKom>ry «i. ______—__——__ j
HOUSKKIiKriN« KOOMS.
l.u.sli Street.
CO\ BUSH-FINK SUNNY SUITES; LIGHT
I)*- 1 housekeeping or board; single; »6 np.
O C»)_ BU-il ST.— T .. O PLEASANT SUNNY
_.O— .o trout rooms, nicely furnished; suitable
)orl:ght housekeeping.
Cleveland Street.
"I 9 CLEVELAND. OF* SEVENTH, BELOW
J— Folsom— Furnished hounekeeping suite; $9:
porch. "
tuiXiM street.
OQA ELLIS— SMALL ROOMS FURNISHED
iJO\j for housekeeping; In rear; cheap.
foil Street.
A~\ 41 FELL— SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
triaii room, with ki.chen, lor light, housekeep-
Ing; cheap.
x ill MICO..
f-1 FIFTH-LOWER FLAT: PARIOR.BED-
•'I room a ail kitchen; elegantly and completely
furnuhed. $20.
91 4 j-IFTH — -UN NY l-'RU.NT BaY-WIN-
OJ _ do w room; Kitchen; Dk:u; nochlldren: $12.
Q(Ui FIrTH— 2 KOOMS, FUKNISUED FOR
— — housekeeping; rent cheap.
QOR FIFTH— 3 IO 4 UNFURNISHED OR
O— 'o fu. nished; single, furuished, $5.
i oliioin Mice..
rri' FOLSOM —LA tIGE NEATLY FUR-
t)ZO nisued room; $150 weekly; ligh. house-
keeping. __^
Fourteenth Street.
1 9QB FOURTEENTH— 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
i _.»./ nished housekeeping rooms: bath.
Glenn Park Avenue.
J- GLENN PARK AYE.. OFF TWELFTH— 3
«-) unfurnished sunny rooms: closets.
Uuideu (<»(>' Avenue.
POn GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY PAR-
U_.U lor floor, complete for housekeeping, $28;
olio single. 1
1 A- L , GOLDEN GATE AYE.— ONE UN FUR- |
\\JOO nisliPd Day-window front room; house-
keeplng. ____^
JiaiTisim Street.
(19' HARRISON- LAKG_ UNFURNISHED
OJLO kit hen, front room and bath; rent 48.
Howard street.
Q'Ql HOWARD — 3 LARGE ELEGANT
t'OOi lurnished rooms, with Kitchen; reason-
able.
TTTk^ HOW ARD— NEATLY FURNISHED
I J —.0 room for ijouseket-plng: s ove; bath:
$9 50 per aiomh: only Quiet sober people need
"IP.v-
utthic >iree..
nzf\ JF.SPIE— I NICE FLOOR OF 3 ROOMS: |
DJU ..tshed; rent $11. j
l-alnlll ■ ICO..
ACjQ LARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
T_.t/ ny rooms for housekeeping, with grate,
running water; erms o suit the times.
/•I -J LA it KIN-MA 1 LV FURNISHED
U-LO rooms; kitchen com piele for housekeeping.
_c it 1* Street.
Ir> LEWIS. OFF TAY-OH, NEAR POST— UN- j
X\) furnished muni, kitchen; newly papered; *8. |
-Market Street.
•1 rv f)Q MARKET- 2 ROOMS FURNISHED
1U — O complete for hous>;keeiing, *10; '2 un-
furnished. $7.
I C'7'7l M- .RKtT— l' OR 3 SUNNY KOOMS
Ji)l 1 '4 tor housekeeping; unfurnished.
I (I- C MARKET— I- 1 . RNISIiK.U AND US- j
J. OS U furnished rooms lor housekeeping.
itiartha Place.
A MARTHA PLACi, Ul V GEARY, NR. MA- '
_ son si.— 2 nice sunny 100ms. newly furnished. !
Mission street.
cm MISSION, NEAR SECOND — LARGE
liUl trout rooms: use of stove; cheap.
.Montgomery Street.
C 97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
t)_ i until 9:3 o'clock; branch office of The
C ail; inscriptions and wain ads taken.
Nuioidh Stree;.
,rrC NATOHA— 3 SETS HOUSEKEEPING
000 rooms; rent $8 and $10 per montn. j
_«i_.t_ street.
(11 BAY-WINDOW SUITE, FUR-
— 1 uishLd fjr light houiekeepin^; stove; run-
ning wa;er. |
i/'i«rr»il .-niuo.. .
090 O'FABRELL-FURNI-HEO ROOM TO
_. — O let for two centlemea or nusband and wife-,
In private family.
Seventh Street.
«-> SEVENTH— FURNISHED UPPER FLAT, 3
• ) rooms, suitable for 2 couples: i-h-ap.
blevenitoii Street.
AC)" BTEVENSOV— FURNISHED AND UN- j
__<t.) lurnlalied rooms to let. ]
I~'._.7 A SI ". V -TilM !• OKI AI3LV I'VH- \
ijrr 1 Dished ruouu; closet; uath; 1 or '_; pi I vale
laniily.
Stockton street. 1
"I rr\O STOCKTON— SUNNY BOOM FUR-
-L I v/O uished complete fur housekeeping; yard;
910.
1 C' it tSTuCKTON— 3 SUNNY ROOMS KUH-
-1 O_.V' uisbed complete lor housekeeping; $10.
l"jmr Sircoi..
IAQ TAYLOR— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
J.UO bouseliefpins, or single.
I i - Taylor — ha.n.isom-. suite OF
J Ji) ioo;i s. with privilege 01 light housekeep-
ing: prl. c S'iO per month.
*i-ira >.reei.
f.l Q THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK-FUR-
tJXO i.i'heti nousekeeplag rooms.
Treinont Avenue.
0 TRF.MONT AVK., NEAR CHUTES-PL »-
-0 ant d«ub!e or room . r . o objection to "«":. I
lious.ke e l" I: S-
Twentieth Street.
OCOO TWENTIETH. NF.AR VALENCIA— !
• '.)_.._ connectln; rooi.is furnished for house-
keeping.
\— ** >CX« AVDUIIO.
riOVAN NESS AYE. -2- ROOM SUITE,
*Jl\J complete tor housekeeplnc, $12; also single.
10'> ! VA * NESS AVK.'— hU.NNY SUITE OF
-!■"—• 1 rooms; kitchen, gas, range; $22 50.
Webster Street.
t--l -i WEBSTER— OB 3 LARGE ROOMS, |
I 1 I furnished or unfurnished: housekeeping.
Willow Avenue.
8 WILLOW AVK.., OFF LARKIX— COM-
O pletely furnished housekeeping rooms; gas;
rentJT:.
BOOMS TO LET.
California Street.
THE VICTORIA. NW. COR. CALIFORNIA
JL and Hyde— Newly furnished rooms: suite or
Eloglc: rents reasonable.
tills Street.
EOYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — ZNCAKDBS-
cent lights In every room; reading-room, con-
taining dai<)r 1 ti| rrs: ' sme kins-room and ladles'
i*r!or; open nil nlglit: 1001111 per night. 35c to
9 1 6'<: weeK, *2 to $": month. $8 to SMI: lire «-s-
-enpes; elevator on ufllce floor; annex of 65 rooms
How ready: hoi «nd mill uater In each room; batns.
fPHK _AMO.\A, 130 ellis, Ml.-. Kate a
JL tIART. nsanacer A quiet hou-e; centrally lo-
cated: new , v furnished: e.«-vator; hot &<-old water.
O'Jll 1 LL - Nil I -.1.Y FUKNISiiKD SUNNY
«'•>" parlors: suitable :or office or 1 rivaie.
r.'JQ 1. 1.1- -LARGE - U NN V FRONT ROOM ;
«>») Ocas: low rent to good t'-nan..
79 I ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY ROOM, SUlTA-
l_<i bie lor ] or 2: rent $7.
1-iShth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
■( near Market; lurnialieJ and unfurnished,
i .......... . *
BOOMS TO LET— Continued.
Eddy Street.
OAT EDDY— COMFORTABLE ROOM FOR 1
O\) I or 2 gentlemen: gas, hath: low rent.
/■no EDDY— NICELY FURNIHED ROOM;
DUO grate; closet: suitable for one or two.
nnn EDDY- REAR BASEMENT ROOM:
OUO good elevation; sun all day: garden.
/■QO EDDY— A NEAT SMALL ROOM; GAS;
UO^ hath: in private family.
x 11. li mico>.
Ol i FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
0 11 room; closet: bath: private; 81 per week.
Fifteenth Street.
1 £»Q;r FIFTEENTH. COB. VALENCIA— 2 OR
1 O_T> 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: bay-window; grate; bath; references.
Filbert Street.
Q-I A A FILBERT, NEAR MASON — NICELY
OX - furnished front and back room; bath; rent
cheap. . ' . .'
lolaom Street.
rjnn\ FOLSOM, NEAR FOURTH— NICELY
( UU2 furnished sunny double and single rooms ;
every convenience.
lourth -tretit.
<q: FOURTH— SUNNY FRONT SUITE.
Fulton Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE), OPP. CITY
Hall— Elegan. suites: singles; transient.
Ulctrv St rt'll,.
1 aa GEARY— ROOMS AND SUITES: DAY,
I I week or month: country trade solicited.
ji)A GkARY-LARGE "SUNNY FRONT AL-
__Ucove suite; other sunny rooms; running
water.
CAT GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
CUx. bay-window; reaaonaule: new co tier flat.
Q/|V GEARY-A LARGE N_Wi.Y FUR-
OU^ n:slied alcove room.
Golden (>ate Avonue.
Q-I Q GOLDEN GATE A YE. — PLEASANT
4L \ O sunny double and single: very reasonable.
com GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
-o_O nisbed rooms: also 1 large front room.
ti-BKie Mi-CD..
nn-t l JESSIE, NEAR SEVENTH— 4 ROOMS:
DZI3 ren. $9.
i)ou«?n Street.
9fi7 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE-. NEW
_ V I management: elegant sunny Mittes and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.: $10 totXO.
H..ight Street.
OQ HAIGHT— SUNNY FRONT PLEASANT
<^O room: very reasonable. .
/•rwi HAIGHT— bay-window CORNER
DUO 2 suite; no other roomers.
Howard Street.
Qf\n HOWARD-FURMSHED BOOM: SUIT-
tJ\J\J able for a gentleman. MRS L. DEAN.
qq(i Howard, co . of sixth— nicely
VOtJ turmsbe ' g;iiles. $3 50 a week, si- gle beds
$1 25 to $1 50. double b ds $1 60 10 $2 50 a week.
1 Q/iijb HOWARD, COR. FOURTEENTH—
JOUO Large sunny bay-window; elegantly fur-
nished: private 'family.
Julian Avenue.
TO LET— 4 ZIMMER UND KUECHE: RENT
*13 monat. 128 Julian aye, uahe 16 Va-
lencia.
-vfurnv Street.
* ISLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY —
_V Pieasantsunny rooms, en suneand single; firs:
class in ever, respect: tt-rnn reasonable.
V i-W A\ ENLE HOUSE. 9U4 KEARNY ST.,
i-i corner Jackson— single 100 ms 15, 20. 25. 50
cents per night: special ra;es per week or month.
l.iavcuHi.i-iii -ireei.
99-1 LEAVENWORTH — 1 OR 2 SUNNY
_ ■_ L front rooms, bath, runnlug water, grate;
rent moderate.
Market Street.
YneEMiT"! HOUSE. 1045 markkt — PER
1 Mjrht. Hso to SI : wcolc. HI .'<> o*s :amlll«».
1 l )fV-l MARKET — EL EG A TLY FU R-
-1-vD nished alcovo sunny suites and single
rooms.
1 *.(\yi MARK T — NEW. LARU-, SUNNY
I JUO oflice-roomi: a'l modern.
BUrma street.
JOT MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
_tOI Nicely furnished front rooms; f5 a month
and up; hot and cold water baths.
I O^MINNA-SINGLESUNNY FURNISHED
lOt front room; $4.
i'l^rr MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— EWLY FUR-
Uu I ntshed bay-wlndo« rooms $1 a wee_.
>ii>M«n btreot.
HANCOCK HOUSK, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house: Ifl 80 to per week.
('O't MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
DO^- ny rooms: quie, place: prices reasonable.
■I />•: rt MISSION — BAY - WINDOW SUNNY
J. \Jt) i suites and single rooms for gentlemen.
-I l\i'*J MISSION— FURNISHED FRONT PAR-
-1 I/DO lors forlijtht houseKeeplng; other room*.
Oak Street.
I I 7 OAK — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
111 double And single room In private famiiy;
comforts of a home.
roil OAK— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
I _ . .1 -i and back parlor: til: gas: bath.
Octavia Street.
1 JAQ OCIAVIA, COR. GKARY-2 SUNNY
-iTv/O connecting bay-window rooms, $18, or 3
rooms, $24: housekeeping; furnished.
O'Farrell Street.
JO I O'FARRELL— I LARGE FRONT ROOM:
'1 OX suitable for nousek eplng.
i'lne street.
f'AQ PINE-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS !
\J\JU to et. from $4 up. |
/•I •_> PIN r.— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS; I
Ult) reasonaole: references.
1 u.k streei..
"I 7 POLK— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOMS,
1 I ?!0 also s n?le. $1 week up.
1 9(\~ polk, N E » X suiter— -ickly
i._.VJ«J furnished front loom: terms reasonable.
■I O[\K\ POLK —SEVERAL UN URNISHED
i iJ\J O front, sunny, bay-v. in tow housekeeping.
1 Oh;, reel.
71 C POST (UP -T AIRS)— t FRONT ROOMS;
• X.O furnished; hum nable, rermuuent parlies
i-oweli m rev;.
\Y ILLISFORD — 212-214 POWELL— NEWLY
*» furnished rooms.
tccoad street.
07 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE: ELEGANT
♦J 1 inrnlabed rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
til SECOND- DOUBLE 801-Ms, SI .'.O TO $3
a week; single, *1 to $1 50; night _5c to 50c.
1 1 c CLEAN AIRY P.OuMS, WELL
lit) famished, Si up.
M_th Street.
OQ SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
I <)' six 111- CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
1 _<»J nicely luriiisheil double and single sunny
front rooms.
I-»KUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH— OPEN
) a 1 night, rooms: '_5c to $1 per nlsht, $1 25 to
tO per week. J. G. DRAKE, manlier.
.-t:\eii ti M.-te..
1 A 9 SEVENTH 6T.. GIRARD HOUSE—
A _■— gam furn. suites kitchen: also single rooms
fi«:VI:!l>OR Mie«;.
79 A\ STEVEXPON ST., OFF NINTH— FUR-
I •J'l!! nisbed room; $."> per month.
Mock 1»n )i,Ntti
THE EUROPEAN. 17 STOCKTON ST. — FUR-
iiisln.l rooms, en suite or single; hot. cold tenter
in every room: baths: elevator: transient solicited.
Butter Street.
■\C\O SUTTER, COR. POWELL-SUNNY FUR-
O\J\J nlsbed or unfurnished rooms.
Q9Ol SUTTER ST.— N..WLY furnished
O— wrrm single r'lum: closet; hot and cold
water: chesp.
lelt^tna Street.
TEHAMA, NEAR FOURTH— NICELY
OUO furnished sunny rooms: reot cheap.
Third Street.
1 Oft l THIRD- LARGE, ELEGANTLY FUR-
i"Uj nlslied rooms, with fireplace: block from
Palace Hotel.
Valencl stree;
Cl A VALENCIA - NICELY FURNISHED
0 l\J rooms: single or ca suite: reasonable.
\ «»». ."t!"--* Aveuun,
7Qf» VAN NESS AVK.— II 'NDSOMELY
•OU furnished sunny parlor: other desiiable
rooms.
017 VAN NESS AYE.— SUNNY ALCOVE
OJ. I room, hot and cod water; also 3 unfur-
nished rooms.
1 /"Wl VAN NESS AYE,— A LARGE oUNNY
iV-l room suitable ;or 2: $10. . .
-il 1 _(.<• I Iniieuus.
SUNNY FRONT ROOM IN PRIVATE FAM-
ily for one or two gentlemen; desirable loca-
tion. F. R., box 92, Call > Mice.
W. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tun Call. Subscriptions and
want ads taken. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
CMaTI 'PR rVAT _"_~AM^I_Y^R_SLD [NG~"fs
C? the warm belt of the Mission, 20 minutes from
Kearny St., have a large sunny bay-window alcove
room, handsomely furnished, which they desire to
lent to a gentle nun or man and wife, with board:
also single sunny room; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress Quiet, box 118, Call.
ELIG TFUL SUNNY FURMSIIED ROOM
or parlor suite; with or without board: front-
ing park panhandle. 400 ( entral aye.. cor. Fell
st. : or apply room 23, fifth floor, Mills bul ding.
"ifl/l KDDt — :-INGLE ROOM, SUITABLE
*J\J\J for young man, with board ; other rooms.
OUNNY SUITE, NEWLY FURNISHED
0 rooms, with board, reaso ah c. 715 Post st. ■
7 Or PINK (KENOV A)—Ni: W L V FUR-
-1 «j«J nlshed suites and single rooms; service
strictly first class; references.
•,]j||, C ATI iR.MA — !•. LEO AN T BESI-
_.XwW dene-: hot, cold waer In every room; fur-
nace; table first class; excellent service; telephone.
41 A HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED HOO.MS;
v/ privilege parlor end piano: table first class.
LA , LEAVENWORTH — SUNN Y CORNER;
" suites, single: excellent table: rates mod.
JC'(| BRYANT-FURNIf-UED FRONT ROOM.
rl\J\J with or without board.
One; VAN NESs AYE -ELEGANT SUNNY
<J\JO rooms, en suite <,r single: excellent table.
©9fk AND LESS— FIRST-CLASS KOOM AND
tj-.'' board: central; co-operative D.. box 3, Ca11.
A' A} SIXTH -T.— THE MaNCHESTEK; ELK-
Ttt gant furnished sunuy rooms; fine table board.
HOTH.L RILING. 714 B BH— A FAMILY
hotel: reftrences: all modern conveniences.
a] 9 EDDY-LOVELY BUNNY PARLORS
T 1 — and other rooms, with boar I: $20 "p.
c_a_.__:j_j» _.oak_»__».
ESPECTABLE woman WITH COMFORT-
IX able home would like to get children to board.
1590 Fifteenth st.
VI OMIEU'S PERSONAL CAKE; -a. UN NY
i'l healthful rooms; wholesome food: kandy
yard; reaso: abie terms. A<!diegS_L. box 119. Call.
\| IDJJLK-AGED WIDOW WOULD LIKE TO
take an Infant to rear. Address A. W., box
45, Call Office.
STOKES TO LET.
To let— BBl (IEATrYT^^oTuTA^nrTj^MNTr
rocmi in rear: sulubie for plumbing-shop; re-
patis in the building guaranteed lenaut. Apply
L. C. BABIN, 413 Kearnv st.
QTORE WITH FIXTURES; LI VING-RO-j.M S
0 and cellar. 3562 Twenty-third st., next to cor-
ner Guerrero.
TORE, COR. GUERRERO AND TWENTY-
third st-<,: cement basement built and a good
location for druggist or o.her business.
jU.y STORE. 3 iliiOMS. LIGHT CELLAR,
tjp — '.). 1128 Howard st., near seventh.
r/Ui NI TH-LAKGE STORE; FiXTURES;
O\J\J 3 rooms; stable: rent low.
TORK AND 3 ROOMS GOOD LOCATION
O for dressmaker: sunny bell: $13 per month;
2610 Mission st. Apply 844 Capp st. -
'11 H. I'OL'RTH— SMALL SI ORE with ROOM
Til) in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. U_IBSEN
* CO., 14 Montgomery st.
ARBKK-.->HOP. WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
lished 16year«; $18 per mouth; key at 539
Second st.
l arpentet-ibop: $7 per month. 6 De _oom St.;
key at 539 Se- oud st.
P limbing- shop: $8 per month. 3 De Boom St. ;
key at 539 second st.
. Corners-ore, 531 second st.; 514 per month;
key at 539 second st.
An and 306 POST-HALF OF STORE TO
OUUrent: reasonable terms to desirable party.
T LOW Kr.NT— PARi' __ 1 ORE AN D
ba enr nt. «24 I'"*- si.
OFFICES TO LET.
lku^ntly iTj^rNTsTnrD s^TN^rY
offices lor doctors or dentists; central. 426
ters 1 .
EDUCATIONAL.
LUC___JB_tT'SCOI_SINED ASSAY OFFICE
JLj aid school of Instruction (.incorporated);,
PrtA. lICAi. and I\ DIVIDUAL Instruction in
the latest improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYAN process etc ; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to CHieful a say and analysis
of ores, waters, eta 26 O'Farre 1 -it. : elevator. «..- *
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
__ Elocution, 1215 Oc.avia St., san Francisco,
MISS KLIZA MA KINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and 1 radii te
of th» school of Oratory, Phlludelph.a, Pa.,
teacher, office days, Tnurs. and sat. p. _
HEALD'S BUSINESS I OLLKU 2* POST—
Bookkeppln?, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, Eni^lUh branchni.
i.ec.rical engineering: -0 teachers; 15,000 griulu-
t>;es; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
YBKs', THE LEADINi* COLLEGE. 3-*
Montfromerv st.: Individual instruction la
thortliaad. typing. bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.
lue pciiolarAhip $50: 1' w rate* per week and mi.
niANO TAUGHT; 6 MONTHS; NEW
X method: $2 50 a month; special attention be-
ginn. n. 323 Ellis St.
Ij 1 LOCUTION AND DRAMA ; IE SARTE
XJ thoroughly tsiiEht; appearances arranged; 1 to
Sp.m. Oi . YE HOFK-SOHKOi DE :, 290 Hyde M.
SUCCESSFUL LONDO v TEACH RK,
0 ceivts pupils: piano, singing, French; ?S a
month. »17 folk »i.
.-.LA SCO'S LYCf.U >l SCHOOL OF AC I ING —
Private thea ricals arranced: pupils rehearsed
0:1 stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt.
OOKKKfcPINu THOROUGHLY IN kj \\ t-.Ka.-i
or year 1 scours? tree; only accountant teachiiu.
TARIt, room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
TIEHL'.S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 MarKet st, ; students trained : oltice
situations secured: lowest rales or credit for tuition.
NGi.N__i;lNu SCHOOL: M-.-IL. ELb.U..
civil, mining, survey, assay, arcblt.. X ray
IHD-u^.e5.1864. A. VAN DF.R NAILLKN,72:> Mkt
PAN'ISH SCHOOL; PREPARES FOR BUSl-
ness: dally logons, $3 per month. 4 to a p. v.,
room 10, Y. M. • . A.
ÜB.-CIUPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
all taken at branch oUice, 339 Hayes st.;
open until 9 :30 o'clica. .
ADIEs' SINGING CLASS: TUITION FREE.
Apply dally. 4 to 5 r M., 310 Po-t st.
I 1 EO COOPEH'S *«. HOOL OK A .TING, I>A.>C-
| Is ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Grary at.
ANJO, I'IA &IANDOLI AND GUITAR
thoroughly tanght; lessons 50c. 125 Tenthst.
RAWING AN i' PAlN'l I.NG IAUGHI'; EU-
ropean artist; $& mo. 305 —Mrklo, r. 105; p M.
ING1NO; PIANO; PARIS GKADUATE;
O French, German hincuasses: $2 mo. 109'Iayior.
"\7"OICE, DRAMA, ORATOKY: V ATE AND
V clas«. Prof.RO^s, Donoboe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to H.
pRoK L. KA.vKIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
J mnndulaitcrms reasonable. 225Genry,nr. Powell
pUIAK, MA.Ni/oi.iiN, I'iAXu .AN Votii.
VX lessons. *•» mo. .Mary Wis'.han-. b9 Fifth.
OOKKPNG. WRITNG. \RiTHMII'. IiKAMK,
l>iliv A nigh?: iio.-.t »5 inon ■>. 845 Mi->sinq.
MEDICAL.
ASURK. SAFE AND SPEED V CU?iE~FOR
nil female diseases: ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice. A home in confinement
v. tth st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Thos- who are sick or
discouraged should call on tor and state their
• -a.se. All consultation free and confidi-niiHL Sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great wur.d-renowed rem-
eiy for home in a: mem. MRS. DR. QWY.KB,
226 Turk st.
1 \R. J. 11. JOSSELYN.THEGUKAT SPECIAL-
XJ Ist, stir offers his v»luabie services 10 ih- 1111-
-fortunate W i.h a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an ; advanced order, there is hardiy a
d..-,ers-- in the catalogue of human Ills he cannot
treat 10 a p<!. fee. cure. Ladies, hu is always ready
to assist yon His Knowledge has been strengih-
ned by extensive experience, .no CMc i.eruhar
toyourdelic te organism is onJ his sum con-
trol, liw female montnly remedies aru Bore and
safe In their effects. II s tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-fall;ng in their
action, and are warranted lor t>oiti young and old.
He e.\ce:s all others i . cure of private disease*.
Over 50 rears of practice enable-* him 10 warrant
n. cere In all cases. Cousultntlo-i r.arlora. 9l)tj
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market at.,
rooms 11 and 12.
A .N. \V u_JlKl>Y THAT S PEKKECTLY
*\- harmless; never falls in nnv cat>o of monthly
sickness, no matter wbal the cause may be. Pricn
(5 to $10. No electricity or instruments; never
makes sick to mak« well:' travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: flrst-rlass home in con-
finement. I'r. _ Sirs. Davies, 14 McAllister st.,
next Hibemla Bank. Consul: free; French, ptUs
$2: hours. 9 a. M. to 4. 7 to 8 p. M.
A I-ROiCESS IHAT NEVKR J:AIL> TO KE-
A store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a lew hours when medicines
mid others have tailed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed:
advice free: terms reasonable; tirs'.-claas private
borne for confinement. MRS. DH. I>A_._¥, lrjj
Market at., over the Owl Dm,' More.
NEW PROCESS-NO"MED1CINI?; INSTRU-
nient or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician lor al lemale troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always lv one day ;cau be
sent and used at home; ail cases guaranteed: do
not trust Incompetent female physic. ans. - DR.
POPPER, the we.l-u.iown pioneer, :-ilB Kearn7 st.
DR. FOU LET'S FRENCH" CAPSULES- A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no ma ter what cause): positively safe and
sure: no aang r or after effects: taken In time U
also acts as a preventive: price 41 SO per box;
tent free by mail on receipt of prica. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
DX. AND MRS. • WEGENER, 526 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort; separate
rooms before nnd during confinement; all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick rellif for tiavelers : best care; terms moder-
ate; consultation fre i pi la $2. :
DUX GOOD A IN. SPECIALIST: LAUIE-i.
Dear or far, safe, qu ck cure guaranteed: any
disease or co-u plain;; horn* fur patients; si skill;
free diagnosis; low fees: f cure. 401 Van Ness
aye., flat 1 1.
T ADI ES, CIIICHESTER'B ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal PIII3 Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable: take no other.' Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars. "Relief lor Ladies," lv letler by return mall;
Ilars. "Relief lor ladies," in lener by return mall;
at -rusgiat'* C-icheaier caeiu. Ca, Philadelphia
MEDlCAL— Continued.
ALL CASK* OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
ie«tored In a few lionrs: safety assured at any
time; instant relief for traveler*; home in confine-
ment: consult free: conlidential: hour*. 10 05.
MRS. UK. W YKTH. 916 Po.u St., near Larkin.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
ladies with female troubles: no danger; safe
aDd sure; $2 60 express i.. O. V.; don't delay until
too late. O-GOOij BROS., Oakland, Cal.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Uit. JokDA.V AT
his museum, 1051 Market St.: his 30 yean
(uccessful practice is a eu?.ranteeof fair treatmeui.;
the worst cases treated salisfac:orilv by mail.
■Cti^/in PAIDJ-'OK A 1 FAIL it) CUKK
«Jp«>UV/ of female coniplnints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTT .3^5 Geary
VJICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFI.Vfc.MJ-.NT
i.l at the most reasonable price in the city. Mils.
M. PFEIFFER, midwife, *jol2Fosom St.
U PKAK'.i FKMALtt X KGULA I ING PILLS;
safe and efliclent emmenaeogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS* 406 Clay St.. sole agts.
(J F. LYING-IN (I'M VAT ) HOMh; DIS
O. eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9.
OMK, A tKIK7TjT~AND MOTmKR'S CARE.
MRS. int. FUNKK. 1416 t.lghth St., Alameda.
1 F IRREGULAR OR ANY FK.MALri 1)1 KA.-.K
J see MRS. DX. fVK'l'7. and be content. 2 4th.
I ,K. HALL, 14 McALLISI EX STREET, A i-.Aii
i ' Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
DISSOLUTION OF CO-PAKTNISBSHIP.
OF ..isSULUTION ok COPARr"
1> nershlp —Notice is hereby given that on i and
after this date the French Dairy milk business
will be owned and con. rolled exclusively by
PKTKB MENJOC, the firm of ME.NJOU <fe
BKI.LOtQ bring this day dissolved. The present
owner, PETER iiENJOU, will collect all b-lls
and pay all Indebtedness ti the late firm.
.... PETER MEN JOU.
[Mguedl I'.\-C I, } El.l.rrQ.
LATESI SHIPPING ISTKLLKiKNOK.
Movement* of Tram- itlnntn Sv» » ■»■»«!
NKW YORK-Arrived Jan 23-Stmr St Louis,
from Southampton: stmr Cp.mpanla, from Liver
pool; stmr Massiliia, lrom Naples.
fc>i»ii«d Jim Y'6 Stmr La Boulogne, for Havre;
stmr Servla, for Liverpool; »tmr Ems, for Genoa
ami Naples: stmr spa-imdam for Roterdara;
stmr Mohawk*, lor London: stmr Karl-rune, ior
Bremen: stmr 11.-clii, ior Stettin: stmrOboaru for
Hotter a v.
BKEMKRHAVKS- Arrived out, Jan 23-stmr
S-utt.-art.
GENu A— Arrival out Jan 23-Stmr Kaiser Wll
helm 11. Sailej Jan — stair Fulda, for New
Yor<.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Jan 23— stmrst Paul,
for New York
Hl'Kvr CASTLE— Passed Jan 23— Stmr New
York, for Southampton.
s\viNKMU.>l>K— Arr.ved out Jan 20— Stmr
Norse
HAVRE— Sailed Jan 2»-S:mr La Bretagup, for
New York.
DOV Kb— Passed Jan 23-Stmr H n Meisr.from
Bremen, or New York.
11AU..1.U.1' I,ltli->J<VI.
The fallowing marr;.i;» licenses ■ have be«a
issued by theCountv Clerk's office:
John G. Aiullerand Hermlnj Kuil. 60-50.
Henrvr M. Henn and Louisa Koenlij, iii— l 9.
Arthur O. Kpplerand Anm<> Sullivan 4-22. .
Henry Clar» aad Mian. -he D. l ritchard. 35—32.
James G. .-sharp and i.ose Kppi.iger, 2s — it.
<'. A. 1 ouis a ,d l-piiUb P. Trommeren. i2— 2l.
ii. P. Am. Jr. an.] Catherine K. Kurd. :-;0-2j.
J. L. de ->ilva and Maria V. Santos, 23—25.
Harr' L. Cain aid ci via 11 Kern«-s 31—21.
tili'l MAKRiAOES i/fcAlili
rßlrth. marrlac' anJ death notices sent by mall
will not b> inserted. Th<*y must be handed In a-,
either of the publication office* an! be indorse J
with the name anJ residence ut pcrsoaj ujtlion/ai
to Uavti the same published, j
i;«»u.v.
ANDERSON'— In this city, January 22, 1837, to
the wife of W. E. Anlerso^i, a daughter.
BUCHANAN— In thu city, January 14. 1897, to
Cue \vi:b of Junto* W. Buchanan, a daughter.
FOLBY — In thli city. January 20, 1897, to the
wife of P. J. Fo'ey. a sun.
FRANKS— In Alameda, January 23, 1897, to the
wire of J. >. l-r.;n.<3, a daughter.
GREGORY— In this city, January 21, 1897, to the
wife of Warren Gregor/, a son.
HALLIDAY-In this cilv. January 14, 1887, to
the wife of C. W. Haliiday, a son.
JONES— January 15, 1&97, to the wife of Thomas
Jones, .t son.
SALOMON— In this city. January 22, 1897, to the
wife of I. L. Salomon, a son.
TAYLOR— in East Oakland, January 22, 1897,
to the wife of Edmund Taylor, a dauqh:er.
TRIMBLE— In this city. January 22, 1897. to the
wife of Sinclair Trim a son.
UAiildilil.
BADARACCO— KENNY— In this city. December
30 1893 at St. Dommi-'s Church, by the Key.
Fath-r Clancy, Charles Badara'co of aau j?'rt»u-
clico and Mac Kenny of . oh. on, Mass.
MILLKR— OALBKA.TH —In ibis city. Jenuary
20. 18j7. by the Rev. P. J. ()'< onnbr. Rouen L.
Miller of Santa Rosa end Marlon W. Galbranh
of sail Francisco.
DjLKjT>.
Alvarez. Jacinta Newman, Il.iunah
liindi-n, Richard Olilro, Georgd
h'orden. N. A. Ow. n. t). W.
1 on nor, Amell?. A. Rocli, Henry
Gormley. Jojn F. Q. S.'laccnluga, Nina
Uamon, Capialn D. wnanabrouk, Janet
Hearon, Mar/ Smaiei<e. wi:llam
Jorgensen. George J. Smith. Jacob W.
Kalier, Lejpi.il Tleraan, Margaret
McCreasn. Thomas W.i.to. William T.
McLaughlin, Robert E. Whytlaw, Mrs. J. N.
McWiliianiK. Michael Wiih->lml, Conrad
Manoney, D.mlcl Wr.gat, Wllliaia J.
AI.VAHEZ— In this city, January 23. 1H97,
Jacima Aivanz dearly beloved mother of
J-'r-n  Peter and Joseph Alvarez, An. Euphemia
Harvey and Mrs. Emma i-stndlho, a ua.ivo vi
■ Mexico, aged 69 yean.
lil.N DEN- In this city, January 22, 1897. Rtch-
arJ, beloved bro;ner or Sopme nnd Henry Bin-
den, a native of Germany, uc-^d 35 years
BOi DEN— In this city. January 17, 1897. N. A.
Borden, chaplain of James A. <;aitte;d Post No.
84, G. A. Hi a native . 1 Nantucket, Mass , aged
6J years.
a 'Friends and acquaintances and comrades
of ih' 1 U. A. H. «nd auxiliary a.-sociations are.re-
Bpectfally iuviled to a<.lei:d th-J funeral
THIS DAY (Sunday!. f.t 2 o'clock p. M.. from
Alcazar bullalug. Interment National Ctine-
tejy. Reiuuins at the parlors of A. W. .Martin
& Co., liB Geary street.
"CONNOR— In this city, January 23, 1597, Amelia
A. widow of ma late Captain runes Connur,
and sister oi Mrj. W. R. Leveridge. Mrs. Samuel
-a 1 lent n and Henry W'euoof Hono.iiiii, H. 1.,
a native of Unity, Me., aged 10 years and IB
- days
GOKMLEY— In this city. January 22, 1397, John
F. uray Gormley, a native o: boston, Mass., age J
64 cars.
AT 1 Friends of ihe family are Invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Sunday), a:
2 o'clock p. M.. at hlj late residence, 2002 lay or
street. Int«rraen4 private. Kindly omi. flowers.
H.ANLON— thl« eltv, January 22, 807. Cap-
tain Daniel, brloved husband of Em? Ie D *'.
Han on, a native vi Ireland. a;ed 68 a ears.
♦yFrifhds and acquuiuiauci's are respect-
ful y 1 vited to attend tie mueral TO-MOKROW
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from his lni»
if.-i.if in , 11,27 -a. kh.iii strce , thfiioc to st.
Bridget's Church, Van Ness avenue and Brond-
wav. where a requiem mass v, ill oe ce'ebraied for
the repose- of his soul. lu.ermen. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HKAi;ON-In this city. January 22. 1897, Mary,
bel'jv«l <vif-i of IVter W. Hearon, mother of
Koi»er:. Walter, Frank. «»rab, Oliver and the
late Air!- and Mary Henron. .riti-r of Mrs.
Nash, sister of John and Martin Nash •> ml Mrs.
J. iriis. and niece of the late William O'Hal.o-
ran. a 1u.v.",; m-.v i or», anail 08 years b
months and 21 days.
£To~Frlends ana acquaintances are r^siect-
fnl.y inviied to atte.l.l the tniif-ral ilfjs DAY
(Sunday), at 12:ii0 o'clock p. m.. irom the par#
lors of Giiiuner & Oun.z, 8 and 10 City Kill
square, the ie • to su Patrick's iMiurch, -Mission
stree:; between Third atid Fourth, for services
Interment Holy Cross emetery.
JOJBGISNsKN— Drowned, near Albnnr. Or., Jan-
uary 17, 1897, George J., beloved son of the la
Captain Jumes and cmoilne C. Jorgensen, and
brother of James 1 , Cecilia M.~ Churlns J.. Caro-
line L and Ali'<> S. Jorpensi-n, anatiV'of San
Franrl co, aged 19 years 5 niontns nud days.
oB"Friei:(ls hud 'acrjumiitiinct's are r<-speci-
fnii.v mv 110 attend tile funeral Tills D.\Y
(bunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the rooms of
K. Gray <& Co., 04i cram^uio sirea:. inter-
ment 1. O. o. F. Cemetery. '
KAISER— In this cliy, January 23,1897. Leopold.
dearly beloved '.n-i"..>ni i ot Louisa Kaiser, .1 na-
tive of luderstalt. Hanover, Germany, aged 58
years 3 mo:uhs and 29 layi.
43~1-rinids and acquaintances nr> respect-
fully invited to a:teirl the • unerai TUESDAY,
Jantiar.- -6. at 'i o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Charles J. H. Metzler. 633 Waatilugtu a
sirea.. lutenuen: Masonic cemetery.
McCKEAGH— In this city, January 81, 1837,
Tnoiuat, beloved husband of -Mary McCreagh.
a native of Ireland, a.ed 62 years and 2 montus.
tfJT Friend* are resp<H?tfnllr invited to "attack!
the funeral THIS DAY (Sunday). at H:3O
o'clock a. it. from bis late residence 5 Malison
avenue, <. ff Harris >n stre"i. between Fifth and
- Sixth, ike.ice 10 St. Ken's Churcn. where a
reqaiem bigh mass will De celebrated for tne
repose of bis soul, commencing at 9 o'clocic
a. m. Interment iloly Croji Cemetery.
McLAUGHLIN—In this city. January 22,1897
Kobsrt i^dwar.l Mclaughlin, a native of Wash-
log.on, ti.f.l 3 yet a and 9 months. itiiilifi
MrWi i.LI A MS— In south s>an Francisco, • Janu-
ary 1897. Michael ov d son of Mi. haei
and Mary Me Williams." brother of Thomas,
Janes and Joseph .tic vVilllams and Mrs. Thomas
Parkinson, »nd nephew of Mr«. Ko.iana Bald-
win, a native or Quebec, Lower Canada, aged 43
- years and 8 days. • •
*S~No:ice of funeral hereafter, »•% '}■' "■*
MAHONEY— In this city. January 22. 1837
Daniel, beloved husband of the late Ann Ma-
honey, and father of Thomas and ii» lat» Kail.
and -Va:;gie Mahoney, a n.i::vj of County Curt,
lrelatui, a^ed "oyeari.
■ *S" Friends are respectfully invited to a:tenl
the funeral -THIS DAY (Sunday), at 9::i0
o'clock a. if., from his late residence. 456 -ixth
street. i ut»nc« >• ,SU ■- Roie'a Church, ' where a
so.emn requiem ma>s will bo celebrated for tin
repose of hU s"ul. commencing at 10 o'clock
a. 11. In erment Holy Cron Ceiuetertr. by train
" leaving Third - and Townsend streets at 1.1:31)
O'clock a. M. '■ ■•-t"";'. ; ■ ■' ■• >'■" '•• ■'- : *• '-
NEWMAN— In this city, January aO, 1897,
Hannah, beloved wife of Abraham Newman
and mother of Isidor. Nath»n. Alfred and
SamuW Newman, Mrs. Simon Wolf. Mrs.
Pauilne Naluan. Mrs. B Bearwald and Jennie
Newman, and sister of .erson and Mori;z
Schwartz of Germany. Mrs. AU<usta !ux
Ne v YorK and -Mr». C. Welnberg, ft native of
Kempen Germany, aged 63 years. f-N'ew Vori
papers pease cop3\J
fiß'Fneijds aud acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at J0:15 o'clock a. St., from her late
residence, 1727 Post treet. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by trtin leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock a. m.
OH IHO— In :h« Cltv and County tmipltal. Jan-
uary i' 3, 1897, George Oblro, asjed 42 years.
OWKN_m thn city. January 21, 1897. O. W.
Owm la.c of sunol. Alamela conniy. brother
of Mis. O. H. Morgan an I H. J. Owen.
«9-The funeral will taka place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock P. M., from the par-
lors of Hals'ed <fc Co.. 9-16 Mission street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
R'iCH— ln this city. J.muary 22. 1897. Henry
Koch, a native of Germany, aged 77 years.
SCIACCALUt* A — ln this cUjri January 23, 1897.
Nina Sciacraluga, dearly beloved mother of
Frank Sea ca ucr i and Maria PinagMa. and sis-
ter or Captain Rafael Demoro, a uative of Italy,
ag- ' i 0 years *nd tt months.
JO"i-'riends and acqiiHintances are respect-
ful., invl'e. l to a; tend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. ti.. from Ss. Peter
and Pau .'a (italiau) Cnuroh. corner of Dunont
and 1-i.bert streets, thence to ii.c Itailau Cem-
etery.
SHAXABROOK-ln this city, January 23.189.
at 685 Cieme^itiui street. Jauet Shauabrook
(nee St rk). a nat.ve of lalkhk, Scotland, aged
47 years an 1 9 mouths.
Js7"Frtends aud acaualntances are respect-
ful. vi .v.it-d to attend th.-f.iuerat TO-MOKKOW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late
reanjeiict), 6->5 Ciemcntlua street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SM ADEKK— In '.hi* eltr. J". unary 20, 18»7. Wl'-
li.hu. bplovt'd husband of the late Johanna
Smadeke, mtUer ot (.barles Alice and Ida
Smadeke. and stepfather of John II Bruningri
iind Mrs. J. Siuad^ict-, -i ..auve oi Hanover, Gcr-
muuy, ugt'd 54 years '■< mouths aud '1 days. A
mn.ber o*. San Franc:sco Schu« zt-u Verel'i,
Hannovoraiier Vereiu, > oncordia ixxl^e No. 122,
i. U O. i., aud lar Wo.t Lodge No. i'S'lb, K.
of 11.
HyFriends and acaualntnnces are r<»snec!-
ful y invited to attend .he funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at •£ o'clock p. m., from California
Ma,, 6.0 Bush street, between Sto ktou an I
Powell. Ruiuuiusat the parlors of U.K. teuhr
it i ').. 12U9 -Mission streai. lutermeut i. O. o. r'.
Cemetery.
SMITH— In tbis city. January 23, 189', Jacob
Ward, beloved husband of Mary B. Smith, and
father of Percy W. smith, a nativa oi Vlr^nna,
a;r i .'i ! years.
TIERNaN- fa this city, January 21. 1897. Mar-
fcarel, tielovttd wire or Micnael Tiernan. anl
mother of Michael. I'eter. Nellie and Magg,e
Tier-tan, a natlvs ot Irelanl. aged 55 years.
JfcJT" Friends and rxqunlntauces are r-»spect-
fu ly luvited toattenl tne lunaral TO- O-RjtoW
(Monday), at 8:S0 o'clock a. m., from her !a.e
r«-aldeiioe, a-lu Ihirtieih street, near Sancht z,
th«-nct .0 Si. Paul's Cnorb, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrate J for tiia repose of
her soul, comiueii'.-iiig ai 9 o'clociw a. m. inter-
ment Holy Crosi Cemetery.
WiilTK— ln this cltv. January ill, 1897, William
T.. eldest and beloved sort of Wliiam J. and
t-ulle A. WuKf. aud crauasOM of Mrs. Hannan
Traverse, w na'.iv. of Saa Frauoisco , aged 3 years
11 i:ii>ti in and 'i days.
«3~Fr;end< and acquaintances are respect-
fui.y livited to atien 1 the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. it . from the residence
oi the parents. :«hl', 2 Harrison ->irp.- , n --ir
>-:i ii. Juieruiem Laur.*l Hilt Cemetery.
WHYTI.AW— In Glasgow, Scotland, January 3,
1597, Mrs. John Newton Whytlavr.
WiLHELMf- In Alamt'da. January 21, 1897.
i onrad, Oelov'd son o( Alwlne and tlio I*t9 Con-
tad Wllheluii, a iiaiiv- of California, aged 28
years ID uj:i ,n auJ , 9 days,
STTlio funeral will la^a place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from hit late
reside cc, 1128 College av-n.ie. Interment
Mountaia View Cemetery, Oakland.
WKIUUT— In bouvh Berieley. January 22, 1897,
MTUMara JiimtM. nelove I niisbau t ol Margaret
Wright, aud father of Mabrl K. aid Gladys K.
Wnpln, a native of St. Juiin, New Brunswick,
aire<l 6 • years an i 10 months.
j(fy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnn invited to a lend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. M.. from the Maionic
'lemulf. corner Post and Montgomery <iri-':i
uud-r the auspiresot Excelsior Lodce No. 16d,
K. and A M In erment Mas ml' Cemetery.
' (VicAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FUNKRAL DIBKCTORS & EMBALM KRS,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
. Telephone 3080.
Jas>.McMk>-omey. (.HAS. McMKNOMjtV
JA3IKS McMENOMIi* & SOX,
UMIEKTAKKKS AND tIMIJALIIERs.
1067 JliSbion Street, Near s«jveutii.
lelephune >ouih K54.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CARKW
GAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND KMBALMKiii,
• FUNERAL UIKKC'rOKS,
IP Van Ness aye.. near ->»w»it.M, °-J -^'raaclssj
Telephone! »a 158.
F. 1 . GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER.
GANTN2R & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
and 1O CITY HALL, BQUABB.
Telephone South 432.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
of burial p ats and graves in Its cemetery and
give deeds.
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's ofric* at the cemetery, corner
Bush street and Central avenue, Mid Francisco.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATKO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMft
tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clumve; location unexcelled. OtQ<*-e \tVi ii*t*m
j ■trt-ei- pouuifug- tori.«ir o* aixth.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E II Grlees, Stanford Mrs J E Griegs, Stanford
J Kindlon. Mnnt»rpy .1 D Smith, Livermoio
Dr PiPrcf, I. ig Canyon W Ilatrield. Utah
J W Hsittield, Ltah 0 Hawks, Utah
V Clvti, Si. Helena C\V Pt-ndleton. Cal
J F Burke, >->an Rafael N X Malcolm, >ac o
E H Vancp. Eureka Miss X M Vance, Eureka
Hiss A M Vance. Eureka Mrs P.rownius. San Jose
J 11 Kflley & w, Por.ld Miss 11 Leonard. Di»ad«d
W Campbell, Los Am: A Bo*' Klin, Los Auk
J I) I- nrlKlil. --t.na *.mz f M (assin, t-a:ita Cruz
W H Tinning, Martinez B F Walker, Yn-ka
C \v Au.s .in, Sacramento L Henr/. Sac-r mento
CCT('s»yer, boi:or» • D L Withlngtou & w,
'( Eambereer. Riverside fan Dl>go
J F Conner*, Oakland L L Bromwell, Oakland
A M Davis, Los Angeles X lams ifew, lx>s Ang
D Allen. i 03 Anp^lrs J A Jones, concord
T M Mays, Davisville W P Hatch, Chieo
W A WIICOI, Wash, D C B Alexander, WasbDC
W T Foliins, S»n Joso C X Lipman, SactO
F T Johnson, Sacto John Razz!, &aa Andreas
A G ch.oesser, Chicago
LICK HOUSE.
J R Garnett, Willows » L Berry, Rome
Mary E Barry, Rome A Cenham, Seattle
F J Brownlee, Nupa It D Robbltia, >uisun
1. M Robbing. Miisun L F I uratid, San Rafael
Don Elliott; Santa .;0.->;i 11 ii Main, ban Jose
») .1 Ketlog , Cal H C Wuodion. CIII
J WarswlCi, Armona C M Co gan, Sacramento
A D Rickey. Phila H J Lewelling, si Helena
J L Kerninper.s Helena «i W Jordan, Los Angeles
E II Daggett, Visalia R E Willioit. ? lock! in
us v i-;. 1 man, « hicago J M Mo<ir», Victoria, B C
s i: W. it <fc uf, Ml roy F. \v M; K.nnon. r-aiiuas
Gpo Ror.din?. suisun. P > Al'ln, Mode-tto
M 1' smrey & w, N V Mm II J Waison, N V
.1 1" s m son. Man sville Go > A Howell. sac.o
J X Bishop, Baker^neid MrsM Miller, Jeisey City
L vi ilnamsuti &wf, m ich J Me C Oliver, Fresno
tin Tfaor*;on, Umv.llo L P Baa, Fresuo
Mrs J c Taylor, Ukiah
BALDWIN HOTEL
H n l'it-her. Livermore .M Spring, San Jose
C Blfelow <fe w, Ccnri 1 J 1 a.ViOr, San I afael
M. E Harris, Ou-land O Howard * w. 1 akland
C A nder.toii, thicaiO FJSiorm. Kirk^vllle
MrsWeaiherforJ, Albany Miss U Arsick. San Jose
W U l.c . 11l i> Levy, S
E A Marsh, Mich C .Nor ihausen, Oakland
H Koutledgf, Zeben Mrs E Strarable, N V
M Benpamsie, . a lejo W D Davis, Haywards
J S An onniia, rj P J Harris <t »•, Sacto
C Edwards &. w.^an Jose Mis M ui;s, Kosa
T H L>oyle, N V O II tiale, Mich
U Montgomery & W, Wis Mi»t J Washer, Wls
Miss tt Wilson, I'iiitte
HXW WESTERN HOT El*
P C Mayford, Chicago B C Morse, Boliuas
B S Fish, AUbamn CH Rosshac<, I'ortland
ji Portlp.nd lirJ niw, w <fe fin. Conn
H sk übnrt. Boat- n J W Manuins, Calaveras
H C Wl.liarns. Chicago J Hrayion. Seattle
Mrs lir-iber & ftc. Bodie J M jiowlinsr, Sioux City
L C hcott <t W, 111 1 A Wllkina. 11l
J Walters <ft w, Fresno O smith. Loud in
F AlrUh.. Chicaso W Kllio, merwllle
J McF Uery, Fresno H Smith Oakland
J Franks. Fresno Miss Maddc, Los Ang
Mrs Dillon, New York J Kenny. Caklan I
J Judge, ua ;land J Wise & w, Oakland
PALACE HOTEL.
H T rower. Sacto R Urlon, Chicago
R R Hubbird. .-lanford J Sparks. Nev
B stoweli. Belmont C k Knitd, ssan Mateo
Mr scanlon <b w, M Mraw, Seattle
J A Cnmi:bell. Cal W Carhart, ~ta iford
L T M.gee, I^ou.svilla H T Pui.tJeiter cal
H Lillia ithal. N V' C A Wuite, Cal
CS\\Ver S«ntaCrii7. Mr-. Wrigley, California
Mrs R clib rtt, sta Crur F W Oico.t. If >> k s> lud
li C Moon;, Sacramento R H 1 oobins Sacto
II X McCu,oui:ii.chH;,o It G Brown, California
A Bierce, Los Uatos
urn Vcreiu Officers Elected
The shooting section of the San Frr.ncisco
Turn Verein lias elected the following officers:
F. Attineer captain, F. Kommer first lieuten
ant, Jos^F 1 ' fctrauD second lieutenant. L.
Brune secretary, A. Brehm treasurer, L. Tnier
bach fir^t chootin r master, (;. Sigehorn socond
shooting master, J. Glindemann color bearer.
ANOTHER STAKE
FOR SCARF PIN
Took the Alameda Handicap
in a Drive From
Caspar.
Yankee Doodle Outgamed and
Outfinished Proud Mt.
McGregor IL
c ugar Foot, an OJds-On Cbo cc, Beaten
by N c Nac— Fi Fi Scores Again
ia a Hurdie Event
From the size of the assembled crowd j
that viewed the racfng at Emeryville yes
terday it was suspected by the close
guessers that there were just a few ab
sentees from the usual Saturday clique of
race patrons. This fact can be easily ac
counted for. Many dizzy, warm equine
idols have been smashed to atoms duting
the two weeks of sport just ended yester- <
day, and troublous times have been ex- j
perienced by form players. In disgust at
what tftey termed ill luck many have re
frained from taking the trip across the
bay, awaiting the reopening of Ingleside
track, hoping to regain favor witb h'ckie
Dame Fortune.
Tne day was cloudy and cool, but the j
track was fatt and most of ihe events J
were taken in fast time. Favorites again j
met witb poor Bucces-, but two of the
lavored ones in the betting managing to
head their fields out Nearly »U the
members of the ring fraternity quit good
winners of the day's bookine.
The Alameda linndicap for all ag*s,
over a mile, worth $700 to the first hors*.
was the feature of the card. The Burns & j
Waterh'ou^e stable scratched Mt. Me- [
Grejjor II and let Caspar, with 98 pounds |
ii d, try for the prize. Starting at 8 and I
10 to 1 in the betting he made the run
liing and was only nipped out the la3t |
few strides by E'i Purser's pood rilly Scarf
Pin, the 2 to 1 favorite, which reeled off
the distance in l'Al%. St. Lea with top
weight up was a good third.
The result of the third race at seven and
a half furlongs was the surr>riseof theaay.
Drawn from the stake event especially to
prune his company in this affair, Mt. Mc-
Gregor 11, witu IC9 pounds up, was con
sidered ihe "pipe" of the aft-rnoon's pro
cepdings. Backed from 1 to 2 down to 2
to 5, he encaged in a battle royal from
start to finish with Yankee Doodle and,
outfooted the iatter part of the journey,
was compelled to acknowledge deieat by a i
scant head. Show hon ra west to David,
a 50 to 1 shot.
Another one of the cinchy sort was laid
to rest in the opening high-weight handi
cap, over a distance of six furlongs.
Barney Schreiber's Suear Foo\ with 101
pounds in the saddle, was supposed to be
invincible, but quit badly in the stretch,
and Nio Nac, against which 10 to 1 was at
one time laid, beat the 3 to 1 chance out a
head in 1:15 Hat. Nebula, ridden by J.
Ward, was the recipient of the short end
of the purse.
Green Morris dropped Lobengnla in the
miie and a furlong selling run, and the
brown horse ditt not have much to beat-
He went to the post at odds of 2 to 5 and
won without difficulty from St. Aignon, a
20 tol outsider. Scimitar, heavily backed
to get the place, was third.
Lefeat awaited anoiher favorite in the'
fifth evsnt, a six furlong spin, with a field j
of eight starting. Sent to the post at odds j
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
/CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrack. Saturday. January 23. Tliirty-nfnth
day of the winter meeting, 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
433.
Horse, age, weight.
.1/4
Fin.
i Betting.
I Op. CL
404 NlcNac, 4 105
423 Ir-utrar Foot, 3.. 101
417 Nebula, 3... 90
421 IRoudrunner, 6...115
224 Rap.do, 5 106
422 Monteiey, 5 110
276 Joe Hill, a 100
1
6
3
4
6
7
2 8
1 Vi
3 2
5 1/0
4Vi
67
7
2 a
1 1
31
4 1
5 4
* 3
7
2h
13
33
4 9
5 15
6 10
7
lh
2 5
3;
I 46 !
5 15
I 66 ;
I 7
Thorpe
Slaughter I
T. W rl j
H. Martin !
Sbcphard j
(Jo den !
J. .t.cl.aiiEhiin..
I 4
1-2
10
I 5
i 33
50
1 50
7
2-5
10
7
SO
150
200
I
Perfect start.
:15.
Won driving. Winner, W. F. Boeder's eh. m., by Take Notice-Pic Me. Time,
40 A SECOND RACE— Four-year-olds ana upward; purse .350.
04.
Index.
418 Lob ncula, 5 108
414 Ist Algnon, 4..... 96
412 Scimitar, 4 99
415 I Two Cheers. 6. 101
415 > oda. 4 94
387 George Rose, 6... 101
412 Earl Cochran, 4.. 90
*22 I H.xnminer, 5 105
381 Wan-ago, 6. 99
415 ''"fix. » .....101
Horse, age, weight.
I St. I s:d.
~~b\ 7.1
4 ! 6 Va
lib
7 2 h
2. 8 Vi
8 I 3h
H 5 b
6 10
10 j 9
9 ! 4b
61
6 1
4 Va
lh
8 3
3h
7%
■r t
9
2 %J
Vi
5h
1 1
31
72*
21
6h
8 1
2h
12
! 3h
51
61
4 1.
'V.
9 5
10
! 8 1
2 2
1 h
6 1
61
4 1
31
7 1
8 1
9
10
Str j Fin. j
1 2 j Thorpe..'
2 h H.Brown
3h Jones.
4h Spencer
5h Cmivson
6 1 H.Martin
7 2 J.Weber
8 - /»meB
9 4 J. McLaughlin....
10 iMitiheli
Jockey.
3-5
15
3
10
30
8
.TJ
100
.00
100
I Fettln..
Op. CI.
2-5
20
8
60
60
15
50
500
600 .
600
Perfect start. Won easily. inner, OS. H. Morris' hr. h.. by Hudson-Zu v. Time, 1.49*4!
io' THIRD RACE— Fifteen-sixteenths of a mile; three-y_ar-o!ds and upward; purse $400.
Index.! Horse, age, weight.
! St.
Str.
Jockey.
413 Ya ikee Doodle, 4. 99
(418) Mt McGregor, 4. 99
David. 5 104
424 Frank Jaubert,4. 96!
414 A merle 1. 5 97'
149 Ska'.kaho, 4 104
Hash, 6 102'
3
_»
5
: 6
l <
I 7
1
i 1 1
3 y»
31
4 5
21
53
6
1 Vi
31
5 10
*J_
6 10
7
2 6
1 h
86
4 2
51
63
7
26
1 h
3 10
43
6 3
6 10
7
1 h 11. Martin 2 5-2
2 4 Thorpe 9-20 9-20
«16 T. Mcllngh ! 30 60
410 J. Shields I 20 5!)
5 2 Ames 500 600
6 6 Golden... tOJ 1000
7 Mhchell 100 600
Good atart. Won driving. Winner, Cambridge stable's b. b., by Prince Royal-Imp. Manzanlta.
ue. 1:343,4 . -•• . .
« •> I' FOURTH KACt- Alaniela
$TOJC.
V
Index. !
Index.! Horse, ag-, weight, St. 14
(401 . Scarf Pin, 3 92 8 35
(416) Caspar, 3.... 91 1 13
41s St. Bee, 4 118 2 4 1
B*B Lincoln 11, 93 6 6 4
178 I Nebir-haiiiezttr.S 98 4 2 h
I Bed Skin. a.. .....107 7 6Vi
424 Pc ertueS-cnil. 5 96 6 7
2 1V»
1 2
42
65
31
5 Vi
7 •
8 3 2 2|
13 12
3h 54 !
6 5 4Vi j
4 3 81
5 i/ 3 6 4
7 7
3 A
I Str.
! 1 «
2 3
I 32
i 46
53
6 i
I 7
C'awson
Jones
I it. shields
Thompson
. R. Isom
11. Mur.in
,J. shields
I 2 2
8 ' 8
11-5 11-5
* *
3 5
8 4
Per s'art. Won driving. Winner. Cambridge s:able'4 eh. '..by Spriugbo.-c-ttiip. Emerald.
nc, 1:411/4. »Conplel with -t. Lee. **Coupied with Nebuchadnezzar.
•4 '-17 FIFTH KAC:
three-year-olds; purse C4OO.
■','*
Index.
Horse, weight.
St.
Vl
Belting.
Op. CI.
417
42 'I
4.6
4 23
430
4 6
406
394
:Ktt4 X 110
Eua'a Ho
Woodland 8e11e.. 100
I Don ( larencio
' Kiet.zl no
Torpedo 10.
I Fortunate 106
Inflammalor. 105
7
2
6
1
5
4
8
3
3 2
2n
14
7
6i/i
4 1
s^.
8
8 4 '
'.>. 5
1 3
7 1
6 1
4Vi
6 2
8
8 2
1 5
2 8
7 1
5 1
41
8
61
1 2 I
2 b
3 1
SJe
?8
8
.Dog.etl 6
11. shields 9-5
H. Martin 13
Jones 3
Isom I 3
i Hennersey SO
>pencer. 6
T. Mi Hut...... 5
6
8-5
IS
8
5
25
20
50
I
Good start. Won handily. Winner, W. Adams' eh. f.. by F anibpau-Mii . Mifford.
Time, 1:15.
438 bIXIH llAl -' J: One and a halt miles; hurdle;
Index.] Horse, age, weight.
IMi % I "tr.
13 13 14
6 2 81 2 1
148 54 I 2
2Vi * 4 5 2
5Vi 2Vi 3 3
71 166 65
3h 72 73
18 8 8
Fin.
Betting.
J p. CI.
Std.
Jockeys.
419 FiFi. 5 185
419 JOC.S ...16J
4 9 jiio'ri Dust, a .145
419 I'l'iix do. 6 las
4.3 He.io, 5... 1.0
403 jH.tymarKet, a... 146
419 road billow, 4.. ..125
419 I Meet wood. 5.... 36
2
6
1
8
7
4
5
8
31
7h
2 2
' *
1 5 Vi
6h
U 1
8
UVi
16 2
l2Vi
4 4
8 %
13
21
3 3
_I i
42
5 10
h 10 1
73
H
I cairns
Al mark
Wilkin,
(la indo
Pc era. .
stanfo d..
4 mbrose.
i For en-...
6
2
6
6
3
8
10
10
6
3
10
4
6-2
10
HO
15
B
31
7h
Grod start.
Won easily.
Winner, ie •><•■ a. <snr>n's br. *.. by IMdalso-Veractty.
Time. 2:49*4.
K^iiKisTOßEoss 4
*V« < I—•>1 — •> aKw^ V ■•""'"'WWII llfc>V I Vllb«adVlta!l2«'r > theprescnp< 1
®lv <^" &\ trail 2p\ (» tlonoi a famous French physician .will quickly cure you of ail nor- 4
en A\ /\I Vi "\l ous or ,a'si-ases of the generative organs, such as Lost Manhood 7
■ S £2A.1 \i JLali Insomnia, the Back, Seminal .Emissions, Norvnns Debiiit"
ffl * m^&> I■ ■ W Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Eshaustiii(; Diaius, V:iricoop!e 4.iTd
S V■ r V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Pi-events nuick
i» X«» /- X3fc</ ness of discharge, which if not checked lends to Spermatorr boa'i ard
i 3EFOPL «nd AFTER all the horrors of Iropotency. <t < i I»KSE cleanses the liver tt'iii
r« t3 l rO P L %ny «r ie r» kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities. ' *
B * l CUPIT»F.JiK strengthens and restores email weak organs.
The reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per c°nt are tronbled »'♦*
ProntatK f is the only remedy to dire without an op* ration iKat'mrnC
Bis. A written (ruarantpe given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent
a box, sir for ?5.00, by mail. Send for fuse circular and testimonials. i«erni«neni cura
Addcew UAVOL MI2DXCINI3 CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, fal For e&*
iJKOOKS' PHARMACY, 110 PoweU stre »
of 11 to 5 the Baldwin entry, E^taca, wsi
easily outtooteti by Etta H, carrying 110
Dounds and a 6 to 1 shot in the ring
lie lo was a 2% to 1 choice lor the mill
and a half nurdfc handicap, but the 150
pounds up anchored him, lie failed tol
tinl-h within the money. Fi Fi, at 6to lJr
proved a handy winner over J O C, th*
second choice, taking ibe lead soon a:ter
passing the stand and holdi.it: it to the
end.
JfOTJES.
On the strength of the improved show
ing made by Yankee Djod.e yesterday,
Jockey Coady, who rode that horse when
he finished iast on January 19, was sus
pended pending further investigation.
Jockey Gei.r>;e Snider, who was sus
pended some weeks ngo at Emeryville tor
a poor rid.! on Defender, was reinstated
yesterday. . m ____
REAL ESTATE IRAJiSAOTIOSri
Martha A. Chandler to (iertrn C. Durbrow, lot
on X I ne of Buchanan s.reot, 87:6 X of Post, E
87:6 by N :5: gift.
Charles M. and Emm I. Abbott to John I.ouch
ran. lot on X lin - or Pai{e street, 50 \V of BioJ
erict, \V 25 by N 10 : $10.
H. W. Ha-nsen to <>iga K. Hansen, lot on E line
Of Mission mr»ft, 13-:11 of ■ wplfih, > 44:3 i/ 2 ,
569 d?g. 15 ml". X 137:9. X 32:4^. X 04 de..
30 mm. W 1.-8:6; gift.
City mid I'-ountJ of ai Francisco to Joseph
Lawier ant Fiedenclc Hellerischwirtz, lot on X
line of York (Hampsh r. ) street, 118 N of
Twenty-first, 8 l<o ny X 100: also lo on
X line of York (Hamptnl ci «,eet, 29, x of
Twenty- first. X2sby X jO '»: »iso lot on line of
York (Hnnirsnire) street, 308 >. or Twenty-Bret,
>• 5.' by E 1' 0: $ ,
Gustav Peck to Magdalena Pc -k, lot on X line of
Tweniy-nluth sireel, i'2s \V of Doloren, \V '25 by
* Mar- McLatchte (wife of Joseph) to Joseph Mo
Latcbie lot on X line of Army street, 1> 6 Kof
Sanchez, E 27 by N 114; also undivided halt of
lot o1 s line of Xewmorket street. 140. w o.'
Twin Peaks avenue, E140.i8. » 164. W 125."6,
Xw to beginning, Del us: » portion of block 33,
Stanford Heights; also all interest in community
Pr charles is o'reene to Mary E. Green?. lot on B
I line of De Botni street, 175 .n of second, E 25 by
* Dennis Casbmann to Mary Cashmann, lot on X
line of ai ver street. 60 W of second, N 23, W 30r\
X '7 W 22. S 70, K'5V5: gift. V
Frnando and Julia A. Nelson to William H. f
and t-ihel f. Price, lot on r line of Vermont '
a reet, 75 X of Twenty-fifth (Yolo). X 26 by £• ,
100. *10. _, 
Uiistav' reck to Ma-?dalena Peck, lot on E lino
of Twentieth avenue, 350 R of Point Lobos, X 25
! by X 120; gift.
1 Julian aM. l>nncan to Abble T. Dakln, lot on X
line of W stret, 32:6 E of forty-fifth avenue, E
25 by X 100; flO.
Frank XV. and Emmi A. Fuller to City and
County of San Irancisco, lot Deginning at a point
midway between the X and \v lines of Twenty
fifth avenue, 40 feet X from N line of blocks 95
a .d 90 (or fe lln»- of I a';e stree ). X 382. \V Ba, S
34-^, W 240, X 342, W 35, a !<h2, X 310 (for exten
sion of Lake street) ; $1.
William and C. T. Xicol to Jme C. M. Clayton,
lots 11-8 . nd 199. Cobb Tract; $1.
James and Kacbel castle to Jacob Schoenfeld,
lot 249, Spnnc; V Iley Uomestead; $50-
Hugh H. McClary to Hugh McClary, lot on W
line of Andover avenue, IHo Sol 1 ait avenue, 9
25 by W 110, being lot 19, block 6, Holly Ptrlc
Tree; Klft.
r -Max Gllnger to John F. Sheehan Jr., lot on 8 line
of Eighteenth street, 758 W of Douglass, W 50 by o
121, block 2. Ploche and l.obinsou's subdivision or
Market-street Homestead: $10.
Delia Hali to ■ tephen P. and Delia Mangan, lot
on 8 line of Bro d avmue. 25> Wof Plymouth
street, W bi) by S I^s, portion of block U, Bailroad
Homestead Association; $10.
ALAJIEDA COUNTY.
Peter aDd Sarah M. Tcomson to William N. an!
Lizzie HalDert, lot on E Un-i of 1-ranklln street,
184 X of Del or Twentieth, X 30. .->■ 84.15. SW
30:4, W 82.60 to beginning, block 2161, Oakland;
«5.
Harriet. A. or Hattie Bovyer and as executrix of
estate of E. A. Bovyer, by commissioner, to l-"a
cific Coast say ngs society, lot on X line of '1 hlr-
I tleth street. 465 E of Market, X 60 by X 140,
being 10. 33, block 20b3, Kowiand Tract, Oak
land: $1177.
K. aud Mathilda Armstrong to August lan?,
lot on E line of Magnolia street. 195.80 a of West
Tenth, X I^o by a 50, Ua.<lHnrl; grant.
John U. and Mary M Elevens to Twenty-tbir*
Avenue Baptist Cturch (rorporatio.i), .01 oti X\V
curner of has- sevenieen.h street ami Twenty
third avenue, W 1; 0 by X 65, iicin^ portion of lot
6. block B, subdivision 51) Associates' Tract, East,
Oakland; SlO
H. C. Campbell and T. B. Kent (trustees for
Windsor A. Keefer) to San *ranclsro Savings
Dm on, 445 d 441, on X line of Ha 1 Jose avenue,
300 X of Ch -stunt street, X 100 by X 150. being
lots 7 and 8, Id W half of block M, tame, trusteed'
deed, Alanieda; $5540.
Builders' Contract*.
G. F. Vella with John Flaherty, to erect a «vne
story building on r. line of HartforJ street. V 25 8
of Eighteenth, architect contractor: $13^0. i
Oiaus Sireckels with > ray Bros., concrete' flcor.
arches, etc .on BW corner of .".mr^et. a^d ihlrd" i
streets, Keid iiros. architects; $1675. 9
Same with Madding, Mcßeaii <& Co., exterior 1
terracotta and tile linihh of dome on same, Ktid •*
I hioi. architects; $.7,115.WILL FOUND A
HOME FOR WAIFS
Private Charity Forced to
Do What the City
Neglects.
Chief Lloyd's Best Efforts Have
Not Met With the Success
They Deserve.
Secretary Prescott of tbe Chi
Society States the Needs
Immediate Action.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,[
y<DS Broadway, Jan. 23- »
A movement was started to-day to es
tablish a home in connection witu the Po
lice Department, in which young children
who are found on the street or who are
arrested on various pretests can be con
lined without being placed in a cell or
brought in contact with older prisoners.
Some months ago Chief of Police Lloyd
placed this matter before the Christian
Endeavor Society irf a very plain-spoken
letter. The matter was takuu np, dis
cussed, met with some disfavor and for a
: >ng time has not been heard of. The
Kndeavur Society stated that it was out
<iJe of the line of work for which they
were organized. But ths- matter is now
being taken in hand by prominent En- ■
deavorsrs, independently of their organi
zation.
A statement is being circulated asking
for pledges for the support of the home.
So much has been published recently of
the necessity for such a place and of the
inability of the Police Department to ren
der any relief with the facilities at their
command, that it is felt that no argument
is necessary in order to convince the pub
lic that the welfare of little waifs depen is
upon toe immediate establishment of such
au institution. When it is known how
much support can be depended upon, then
a meeting will be held and ollicers ap
pointed to prosecute the worK.
Mrs. Prescott, secretary of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children,
said to-day that it is not the duly of char
itable individuals or organizations to pro
vide such a home, but tie responsibility
rests with the city. -'Chief Lloyd and 1,"
she said, "have had many conversations
on this subject, and wa have often felt
grieved at the manner in wliich our hands
are tied. It is an absolute necessity in a
city ot this siz» to have an- apartment
where chi.dren can be kept after being ar
rested or while awaiting being sent to
some institution, so that they need not
come in contact with criminals.
'•Tne expense would be very light, and
it should be placed in charge ol a sensible
woman. Her services would not be per
manently re quired, and with the present
tel phone system of the Police Depart
ment she could easily be called to the
prison whenever her presence was needed.
"Twenty - five dollars a month would
amply pay for any such services, and
there arc many sensible, deserving women
that would be triad of such a position. It
is the duty, of re city to provide such
quarters as these ca-es demand. Within
tlie past six months little boys have been
put in cells, young lads' have met with
older criminals, girls have shared the
quarters of Labitum drunkards and di'-so
iute women, and all this cannot possibly
be avoided with the present condition of
the City Prison. Chief L.oyd lias done a
fireatdeal toward making the prison what
he desires it shouid be, but he cannot
i reate some thins: out of nothing, and it is
higli time that the city government awoke
to a responsibility of its duties."
EEGEET HIS LEAVING.
Plymouth Congregation's Tribute to
K< v Dr. McLean.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 23.— The Ply
mouth-avenue ( ongrcational Church
has accepted with regret the resignation
of the Rev. J. K. McLaan, D.D. They
have passed the following resolution,
With a request that it be given as wide
a publicity as possible:
■\Vheeeas, Our pastor, Dr. McLean, has ten
dered bis rt-hignation, to enter other fields of
wider usefulness; and whereas, during his
stay with us as our pastor he lias not only
jatihfnily -.■'■.- the Plymoutn-avenue
.Church, but has also endeared himseli to each
ot us individually; and whereas, our love for
him and our estimnte of his character are
based in ran upon h knou].-dg.> of his services
to the cily and State during a period of
twenty-five years; now, therefore, be it
Resolved, Thai in co-.isentitie reluctantly to
this Beveling ot the relation of pastor and
people that has existed between us we desire
to expro-s our nearly appreciation of his ser
: vices and would have him ieel that our ad
miration and love (or his high Christian char
acter makes his going an eve. deeiier loss
to the church and to each of us personally
L. M. FARRISH.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 23.— L. M. F:irrish is Berkeley's new baseball manager,
who is preparing to boom the National game at the State University, where it has been
popularly supposed to be under the influence of a "hoodoo" for several seasons,
Farr;sh will arrange for the interclass games to s"e played at once, so that work may be
begun on the training of a nine to meet Stanford. The new manager has been a
member of the executive committee of the athletic association, and has been an
enthusiastic baseball man ever since he entered college.
that ne will taKe with him our Christian love
and trratitud.-, deepened by our i-llowship
with Mm as our pastor, and our prayer is that
his coming years may be sweetened in largest
measure by the divine biessine upon his work
and liie upbui :ding through God's favor of the
cau-es to which he may devote hi 6 mind and
heart.
• — ♦ — •
drea'>
STOLE A COW-
A Well-Known Character Charged
With the Theft.
OAKLA.NI>, Cal.. Jan. 23.— Mike Gortn
ley and Charles Christens.-n were arrested
this morning on a charge of cattle steal
ing. Last evening it was reported to the
police that two men were engaged in kill
ing a cow out in the Watts Tract. Tbe
matter was reported to tiie Sheriff.
This morning -Charles Barbain reported
that his cnw had been stolen from his
barn at the rear of his house. D?tectives
Holland and Shorey went out to North
Oakland and found the cow. The man in
cnarg.- said that the animal was the prop
erty of Gormley and Christensen and mat
they employe 1* him to Kill it. Gormley
when arrested had in cnurge another cow,
which it is believed was stolen, as he
could not satisfactorily account for its
possession. Cows have disappeared very
frequently of Jate, and the poiice be:ieve
that Gormley could tell about many of
them if iie "would. He has often been
arrested and jailed for selling diseased
meat.
Mr 9. Watson Wou the Divorce.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 23.— Mrs. Wat
son secured a decree of divorce from \V. C.
Watson and she was also given the custody
I of her child, and the property rights were
decided in her favor.
ONLY REPUBLICANS.
The Other Parties Will Not Name a
Ticket in the Berkeley
Klection.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 23.— The Demo
crats and Populists of Berkeley will not
follow the example of the Republicans in
ttie placine of a party ticket in the held in
the approaching campaign for the town
offices. The two parties which are in a
minority will combine in tbe hope of de
feating the Republicans, as the latter are
in a big majority in ttie town.
The Independent Taxpayers' party,
which all who are opposed to the
straight Republican tictet will support,
has called a convention for March 1, when
it will name its candidates. On next Mon
day night the Republican City Central
Committee will meet to prepare for pri
nia ries and a convention.
Death of W. 3. Wright.
. BERKELEY. Cal., Jan. 23.— William
J. Wright died-early this morning at his
home on Ashby avenue. He was an old
pioneer of California, and was one of
Berkeley's best-kn w!i citizens. He came
to California in 1853, and engaged in vari
ous enterprises in tiun Francisco. At the
time of his deati; he was engaged in a real
estate and insurance business at 2035
Ashby avenue.
The deceased was one of the deacons of
the Boutn Berkeley Presbyterian Church,
and assisted in establishing that church.
Hf was a member of Excelsior Loage, No.
166, P. and A. M., of fcnn Francisco, being
secretary of that lodge for live years. He
leaves a widow and two small children.
The funeral will be held to-morrow at 3
p. m. from his residence in Berkeley, and
on Monday there will be special funeral
services in Masonic Temple, San Fran
cisco.
Liquor Men Free.
BERKELEY. Cal., Jan. 23.— The cases
of Joseph Doran and his employe, James
Woodail, who were charged with violating
the liquor law, were indefinitely post
poned this morning by Justice Lord. The
defendants, through their attorney, M. C.
Chapman, promised not to repeat their
offenses, and »he charges wi.l not be
pressed against them unless they again
| violate .the law.
Brief News Notes.
Professor Gayley's class in argumentation is
preparing; to discuss the question of annexa
tion oi Hawaii. «Hab"r, Koagers ami Wharfi
will favor admitting Hawaii to the Union and
Sadler, Huff fnd Allen will oppose them in
one section. In the other Cornwall, McWade
and Russ-ll will argue against McCormicfc,
Willis and Teaby.
The Sunday-school ot the First Congrega
tional churcn held a social and entertainment
last night.
Rev. C. W. Wendte of the First Unitarian
Church oi Oakland will preneli to-morrow
inorning at the Unitarian Church, Stilts Hall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 189 T.
FOWL CACKLED
THEIR APPROVAL
Professor Hilgaf d Formally
Opens the Annual Poul
try Show.
Rev. James Small's Sentiments
Are Loudly Applauded by
the Exhibits.
Superintendent S!iarp Te'.ls of the
Motive Which Guides the
Association
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
yOB Broadway. Jan. 23. j
Amid the screeching of geese, the cack
ling of numerous hens and the crowing of
proud roosters, with the cooing of pigeons
Rev. James Small, Who Made an
Address at the Chicken Show.
and the whistling of chicks fresh from the
incubator for an accompaniment. Profes
sor Hilgard delivered a speech tG-night in
the Exposition building that formally
opened the annual poultry and pigeon
show.
The professor referred to the valu» of
the industry to this State and to the
necessity of paying attention to the
details, which alone can insure the breed
ing of valuable and paying stock. He
spoke briefly of the value of such exhibi
tions, and said that no one could pass
around without admiring the natural
beauty of the exhibits and learnine a val
uable lesson.
Hugh Craig, president of the San Fran-'
Cisco Chamber of Commerce, delivered a
short address and then the Rev. James
Small of the First Christian Church re
viewed the show briefly as a great object
lesson and teacher of the value of kindness
to animals.
Mr. Small had /nnch to contend with,
for as he pleaded on behalf of the feathered
tribes those whom he would benefit were
so heartily in accord with his sentiments
that they could not refrain from noisily
voicing their approval. The uudienre,
however, were rather amused than an
noyed by ihe interruptions, which added,
if not to the comforr, certainly to the hu
mor ot the situation.
Several welJ-known members of the
Acnie Club, including Messrs. Stegmnn,
Toonig, McNally, McDonald and Wil
liams, gave an interesting exhibition "and
a few ottier musical numbers were also on
the progiamme.
Superintendent Craigie Sharp stated
that it was not the desire oi the manage
ment to make a fortune out of the show,
but all tney wanted was to balance tneir
accounts and they would be satisfied. The
desire of the association is to promote and
encourage line breeding, and not to make
money.
The awards of the judges so far as com
pleted are as follows:
BARKED PLYMOUTH ROCK.
Cock— First, Osgood & Son ; second, Ed Ellis;
thirl. Frank Breed; V. H. C, Sonoma Valley
poultry-yard!!.
Cockerel— First, Miss Forbes; Fecond, So
nonm Valley poultry-yards; third, Mi^s Forbes.
Hen— First, Frank Breed; second, Frank
Breed; third, Ed Ellis.
DARK BRAHMA.
Cock— So award.
Cockerel— First, C. E. Meus'lorfer; second, O.
E. Meusdorter ; third, Miss Forbes.
Hen— First, E. H. Freeman, Santa Clara;
second, E. H. Freeman, Simla Clara.
Puliet— First, Miss Forbes: second, Miss
Forbis.
Hen— Miss Forbes.
WHITE PLYMOUTH ROCK.
Cock— No entries.
[ Cockerel— First, Ch«rlrs R. Harker; second,
T. G. Wuige-n; third, T. G. Wuleen.
Hen— First, second und third, T. L. Wuigen.
Pullet— First and second, T. G. Wulgen;
third, Charles R. Harker.
Hen— T. G. Wuleen.
BUFF PLYMOUTH ROCK.
Cock— First, L. E. Brainard.
Hen— Third, F. M. Breed.
Pullet— Second, L. E. Brainard; third, F. 11.
Breed.
BLACK JAVA.
Cockerel— First, E U. s,.nrf<>rson.
Hen— First an.; second, E. W. Sanderson.
WHITE WYANDOTTE
Cockerel— Stcond, Miss Forbes.
Hen— First, second and tnird, E. H. Free
man.
Pullet— First, E. H. Freeman; third, Miss
Forbes.
Hen— First, E. H. Freeman; second, Miss
Forbes.
BUFF WYANDOTTE.
Pullet— Second, F. M. Breed.
WHITE LEGHORN.
Cock— First, E. H. Freeman; second, H. Q.
Matliias; third, Cumber & Son.
Cockerel— First, second and third, L. W.
Robbing.
Hen— First, J. A. Sarmento; second. Fay
Johnson ; third, E. H. Freeman.
Pullet— First, second and third, Fay John
son.. *
Hen— First, L. W. Robbins; second, E. H.
Freeman.
GOLDEN WYANDOTTE.
Cockerel— Second, James Mitchell.
Pullet— First, second and third, James
Mitchell.
Hen— James Mitchell.
SILVER WYANDOTTE.
Cock- George A, Emery.
Cockerel— First, George A. Stone; second,
James Mitchell; third, George A. Emery.
Hen — George A. Emery.
Pullet— First, George A. Stone; second,
James Mitchel; third, James Mitchell.
Heu— James Mitctieli.
LIGHT BRAHMA. y
Cock— First, Charles K. Harker; second, S.
Gray; tnird, Stewart &. Son.
Cockerel— First, Miss Forbes; second. C. R.
Harker; third, Smioma Valley poultry-yards.
Hens— First. Miss Forbfs; second, C. R.
Harker; third, Sonoma Valley poultry-yards.
Pullet— First, second and third, Sonoma Val
ley poultry-yards.
A MOTHER'S GRIEF.
It Is Shown in t-he Examination of
Huldah Johnson
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 23.— The ex
amination of Huldah Johnson, charged
with complicity in tee murder of her
sister, was commenced in tue Police Court
to-day. Her mother was the only witness
examined, and she testified that she
.would rather see her daughter in San
Quentm then married to Howard. The
examination went over until Monday
morning.
The case of Howard nas also been con
tinued to that time, Judge Wood having
taken under advisement a motion to dis
miss the charge against him on account of
the insufficiency of the evidence.
No Wheels on Sidewalks.
OAKLAND, Cal., - Jan. 23.— Mayor
Davie. who is himself an ardent cyclist,
does not believe that the sidewalks should :
De used by wheelmen. In a veto message
to-day regarding an ordinauce which
grants cychsts'Mbe right of way at all
hours of day or night the Mayor said:
"The streets 01 our city are in good condi
tion for riding every day of the year. Tjle
proper place for bicycle-riding is in the
street, where the chances for accidents
are very remote. , Furthermore the courts
have bed that a bicycle is a vehicle, en
titled to the rights and privileges of a
vehicle. Consequently a rider of wheel
has no more rigiit on a sidewalk than a
wagon."
Form a Sanitary D strict.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 23.— The resi
dents at Piedmont have decided to post
pone annexation and to secure the needed
sewer relief by forming a sanitary dis
trict. After deciding upon a district the
following gentlemen were proposed for
trustees: G. P. Daniels, M. T. Hoicomo,
O. N. Sanford, George W. Kelley, E. M.
Walsh. L. J. King was elected assessor.
P. J. Keller brought up the suoject of or
ganizing an improvement club and a com
mittee was appointed to inaugurate the
movement.
• • The Butters Reception.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 23.— The beauti
ful residence at Piedmont which is now
the home of the Butters was a brilliant
and festive scene from 3 to 6 o'clock tins
afternoon. A welcome-home reception
was given by relatives and friends in
honor of the return of Charles Butters
from South Africa and 10 Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Butters, ! who have been on a tour
of Colorado a:;d Utah. Several hundred
guests called at the residence and were
received by Mme. Butters, aided Dy sev
eral friends. • ■ :' !' • *-> ■ * ;- .'-• ;
- l>r. iCoyle on "Rome."
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 23.— Next Tues
day evening Dr. R. F. Coyie will lecture
at the First Presbyterian Church on the
subject, ''What Liberty Owes to Rome."
Dr. Coyle says hiß theme is to be pre
sented "wholly from a historical point of
view. He will deal with Rome in relation
to the Papacy, the American constitution,
the South American States and tiie public
schools of this country.
, In >o Hurry to Plead. *
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 23.— Mrs. R. B.
Davis, the woman who drew a pistol on
detectives yesterday who went to serve a
warrant upon her daughter, was arraigned
this morning. She was given until lues
day to plead. She has been released on
bail of $1000. The charge against her
daughter, Flora, was dismissed, as the
court held that it was not her fault she
did not obey the subpena. i
A Costly Accident. ■
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 23.— J. W. Siem
sen was awarded $3000 to-day by a jury
against the Haywa;ds Electric road lor
injuries received last May. The car ran
oft the track owing to a broken flange,
and several people were injured. Other
suits arising out of the same accident are
on the calendar. „
The Association Anniversary.
This afternoon ai 2;30-o'clock the forty
fourth anniversary of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association of this City will Ik- observed
in the association auditorium, Mason and El.
Us struts. The service will be free to the pub
lic ana the Hddress will bedelivered by Bishop
Newmln. The special praise service will be
conducted by D. M. Lawrence, assisted by the
Knickerbocker Quartet. Vice-President K. V.
Watt will preside.
flliJiiiiijiifflilS^
I -=IS THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- f
g | FOR S
I RHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, S
Pi Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Bore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and §
# Kidney^Complaints,^Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, "Local and General Debility, ||
■|| Headache, Earache," Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swellings, J
# Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, ff
|| Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous to #
fW name here. The most skeptical are convinced after trial. ||
1 Price, 25c, 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle, i i?
•^ ; For Bale by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Franci»co.
-■« " * : v - L. Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose,Cal. $fc
EARLY MORNING BLAZE.
Vo!unteer Fire Department Fail
to Respond to the
Alarm.
Constable Day Serves Tims for Con
tempt and Will Su9 the County
for Damages.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 23.— This city
was again visited by lire at an early hour
this morning, and several of the volunteer
companies will be hauled over the coats
as a consequence. Pacific company did
not respond at ail; Thompson company
had only two men at the tire, but the
steamer and hoses 1, 2 and 3, with the
chemical, answered promptly and saved
the house.
Librarian Harbourne's residence, 1111
Santa Clara avenue, was discovered on
tire at 3:24 o'clock. He had been in Sacra
mento since Thursday, and his wife and
son went up yesterday afternoon. No
one was in the house at the time, and no ■
fire was known to be in the place. A de
fective flue is supposed to have caused the
fire, which damaged the house to the ex
tent of $500 and the furniture $250. The
iormer was insured for $1600 and the latter
for $500. The Encinal School, next door,
was in danger for some time, but the
prompt work of the Fire Department
saved it. Mr. Harbourne was notified
by telephone and came home ihia
morning.
Day Spent the Day in Jail.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 23 —Constable
Day was an inmate of the County Jail lor
twenty-four hours ending at 12 o'clock to
nieht, for contempt of court. Day re
fused to transport a prisoner to prison on
the demand ot Justice Morris, for the pur
pose of making a test case of the constitu
tionality of the fee bill. A writ of habeas
corpus was sued out and a hearing had
before Superior Judge Hali, who dis
missed the'writ and remanded the officer.
Another writ was to have been taken out
before the Supreme Court, but the de
fendant's attorney decided to attack the
law in another way. Day will serve his
time and take the prisoners hereafter on
order of tb« Justice, and then present his
bill to the Board of Supervisors. If it is
rejected or reduced his attorneys will sue
for the amount.
AUmedaand the Poultry Show.
ALAMEDA, Cal , Jan 23 —The fanciers
of poultry and pigeons have selected
Wednesday as Alameda day, and Super
intendent Sullivan wili supply school
children with tickets for children free of
charce for that day. During the evening
children with their parents will be ad
mitted free. The exhibitors and stock
from this place are: E. H. Kemp and
Cumber & Son, cochin; T. W. Ley
decker, Cumber & Son and L. H. Thomp
son, leehorn (Mediterranean); Frank
Seed, J. D. Teahan and H. E. Curzons,
black minorca; Clarence Seigfned and J.
P. Hoets. Hamburg; E. H. Kemp, Hou
d;in (French); -Lubbfn Brothers, J. A.
Boyter and J. M. Skinner, game and ban
tams.
' The Pluts Ball Game.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 23.— The base
ball game to have been played to-morrow
at Central Park, San Fiancisco, has been
postponed for one week. At the homeTSi
the Piutes the snow was a foot deep when
they left, hence they nave r.oi ha;t an op
portunity to practice. Manager St. Sure
of the Alerts wants them in fine trim, for
his boys are reedy to shut them out at
their best. The visitors are great runners
and throw a swift ball.
Ladies Will Use the I allot.
k ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 23.— The next
Regular meetii g of the Political Equality
Club will be iield on Monday evening,
January 25, at 8 o'clock, in Eureka Hall,
Masonic building. F. W. Lynch and Al
fred Cridge of San Francisco have offered
to address the club on the "Swiss Methods
of Proportional Representation," and will
present a trial bollot clearly illustrating
the system. Sample ballots will be pro
vided for the use of those present. This
method ;s now in use in the election of
tiie Mechanics' Institute, San Francisco.
The public i» invited. Business meeting
at 7:45 o'clock.
Father Yorke to Lecture.
OAKLAND. Cal , Jan. 23 —Rev. Peter
C. Yorke will lecture to-morrow morning
at St. Francis de Sales on Catholic Uler
ature. There will be special music and tin
augmented choir.
CARNIVAL OF AUTHORS.
Society Smiles on the Affair,
and a Big Success Is
Assured.
One Hundred and Twen'y Characters
Will Take Part in the
Grand March
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 23. j
Society is now preparing for the Carni
val of Authors that is to be given next
week under the patronage of the Unity
Club of the First Unitarian Church. Mrs.
C. W. Wendte has charge of the Schiller
and Goethe tableaux, which will be pre
sented on Saturday evenine, and on Fri
day night Shakespeare, Dickens, Dumas
and Washington Irving will be presented.
.Many novel features will be introduced
and quite an army of young ladies and
gentlemen are required for the proper pre
sentation of the programme. The dra
matic features have been placed in charge
of Richard Miliiken, and tne whole affair
is under the direction of Walter Wilcox,
Mrs. E. A. Kluegel. Mrs.. E. S. Gray, Miss
Georgie Cop?, George Evans and George
Meredith.
The most striking scenes from the crea
tions of the wriiers will be carefully ob
served, and the affair will certainly be
orginal in this city. There will be a grand
njarcn, in wnich the whole of the 120
characters necessary for the presentation
of tne programme will participate.
Anotner feature will De the presence ot
Clan McPonald, the members of which
will be uniformed, will play bagpipes and
give a typical Scotch sword dance.
The following characters will be pre
sented on the first night:
Shanes pear*, Benjamin J. Smith; Romeo,
A. W. Collins; Juliet, Miss Peurl Knox; Shy
lock, James Piunkelt; Antonio, Fritz Jarris;
Basanio, Fred Winchester; Graiiano, George
Gage; L)renz>, Guy Liliencranz; Portia, Miss
Gertrude CampDeU; Nerissa, Miss Ha<tia Cur
rier; TTamlet, Alfred Wikee: Ophelia, Miss
Alice Duunigan; Orlando, Mr. Allen; Rosa
lind, Miss J. T. Bush ; Duke in exile, John G.
Howell; Ceiia, Miss Elizabeth Shearer;
Ptcebe, Miss Winnifred Warner; Julius Ccesar,
George Kvans; (as-sius, Dr. Alien; CUopatra,
Miss Amy Hrttnlin ; ladies, Miss Grace Burrell
and Miss Dunsmore; Othello, George Lewis;
Roy Mauvais in His Amateur
Creation of Falstaff.
laeo, Lewis Tiehner; Pe s csemona, Miss Brad
bury; Lady Macbeth, Misa Miner; Lady Mac
duff, Miss Kedington; pages, Kay Baxter,
Harold Baxter, Lloyd Kober, Joseph.KenUall;
Falstaff, Koy Mauvais; jester, EdWHrl Ken
sbaw.
Dumas— Queen Anne, Miss Denison; Riche
lieu, Joseph Rosborough; D'Artagnan, W. C.
\Mlcox; Orthos, Mr. Weidersheim; Porthos,
Walter Stetson; Constance, Miss Bern) Hard;
ladies in waiting, Miss M. Warner, Miss Grace
Boweher; gentlemen in waiting, Mr. Wood,
Mr. Allen;
Washington Irving— Young Rip Van Winkle,
George Winchester; Oid Rip Van Winkle, R.
P. Gleason; Rip Van Winkle's daughter, Mrs.
R. P. Gleason; Jonathan Doolitile, George S.
Meredith; Brom Bones, Wallace E Hyde;
Ichabod Crane, Will Millvain; Katrina V;ia
Tassel, Mrs. G. S. Meredi.h; Dtuch girls, Miss
Edith Dyer, Miss Nina .Dyer, Mrs. E. A. Kluegel,
Mrs. E. H. Gray.
Dickens— Nancy Hanks, Miss Blanche Per
kins; Bill tykes, Mr. Andrews; Fagin, Sir.
Davis; David Copertfeld, R;iy Howeli: Dora,
KEY TO-DAY.
OLD GRIST MILL
Entire
WHEAT COFFEE
Delicious and very healthful. A per-
fect HEALTH COFFEE, possessing
the flavor of Mocha and Java with-
out its injurious effect.
If you are coffee sick— nervous,
sleepless, dyspeptic, or if you are
perfectly well and wish to remain so
try OLD CRIST MILL. Ask your
grocer.
POTTER & WRIGHTrNGTON,
BOSTON, MASS.
Auction Sales
\ — _^ .^— —
CHAS. LEVY & CO.; ADCTWIEKai
baletrooms— l l3s Market Street.
£& s^s
TO-MORROW,
M0nday....... January 25, 1897.
At 21 o'. lock a. m.. at Stables, .
164 Golden. Gate Avenue, New *-ity Hall
Stable*.
We will sell the entire lot of Thoroughbred Horses
of D.».V McCAKTHY, comprising '■!& Thorough-
bred Horses i • '. ;\ ■■'-■•.
• : - ' .; . ■■-• CIT.AS. LEVY A CO.. Ancttoneors.
Miss L. Perrie; .Agnts. M:ss Mabel Bowcher;
Dolly Varden, Miss Rachel Pope.
t-aturiay evenvnj; Schiller, Goethe, Scott #
and Dv Manner will have representation*
The participants in the Tr lby tableau
will be: Trilby. Miss Nellie Higby; i-ven
gali, Ray Jiurrell ; Gecko, Mr. Hoffman;
the Laird, Georjge S. Gray; Zoozoo,
EdmondGray; Doilo, Clark Chase; Mme.
Venard, Miss Lottie Clough; Little Billee,
Carl Schilling.
The carnival will.bo bela in Reed's Hall,
in the Ebell Society's building.
CHINESE LAUNDRIES FILTHY.
Dr. Hart Recommends to the Board of
Health to Kaid Them.
Dr. Hart of the Board of Health is of
the opinion that ttie spraying of clothes
by means of the mouth, in Chinese laun
dries, is calculated to communicate germs
of disease to persons wearing the gar
ments coming from such places. He also
says that he has discovered that a large
number of places which are nun ostensi
bly as laundries are nothinu mare nor less
less than opium dens, which ;*re much
frequented by white persons. He also
recommends to tiie board to raid the
laundne--. "A filtny habit in many of
these Chinese laundries," he reports, "is
their sleeping on the washed cloihing of
their patrons. The following day these
same clothes, without undergoing a second
washing, are ironed and returned to their
customers. This I witnessed myself."
Ziliani Opera.
The Ziliani Musical Socieiy announces a per
formance of "Le Educande di Sorrendo," a
grand Italian opera, at the Bush-street Thea
ter, on Tuesday evening. Professor F. Ziliani
will conduct and the cast is as follows : Luigia,
student, Miss M. Isabel F. Coppage; Placlda,
matron, Mrs. Pauline Wand; Teresa, student,
Miss V. Rappln; Augusto, lieutenant, Robert
A. Morrissey; Kodoifo, lieutenant, Alfred A.
Borlini; Don Democrito, principal of convent,
C. Ziliani; Procolo, sexton, Ernest Schlessln
eer; Bettola, secgeant, Th. Sollmttn; El Geu
erale, father of Luigia, M. Tromboni. The
soloists will be assisted by a grand chorus of
nearly fifty voices.
* — — •
In the time of Henry VIII of England
the royal navy only numbered fourteen
vessels. i
raw TO-DAT. •
FMEITEmIAN.
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
FOR WEIIIKft OF Ml
WHICH CURED HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILED,
, Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
man is slowly wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There
is no let up to the mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubles. But providential inspiration
came to his aid in the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to got the benefit of my experience.
lam not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would be cured at enca could
they but get such a remedy as the one that
cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mall the information, but send for it and
learn that there are a few things on ear.h
that, although they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of happiness to most of us. Write to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kalamasoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a plain.
sealed envelope.
L. A. Bertellng Pres. H. Xordman, Vice-Pres,
A. W. Kirk, sec Jos. Nordman, Treat
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with Instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority has not yet been
equaled.
we have no rivals. We valne oar reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merits of our work for success.
pOIipR. HALL'S REIIFIGORATOfc
krapUdM Klvo hundred rewarJ )or any case w*
E2wa fc£& cannot cure. THIS SECKKT KElt-
HDR. HALL'S losses In 24 hours.
Flvo hundred reward )or any case vj
cannot cure. THIS SECRET KESI-
BUY stops all losses In 24 hours,
hratf IRK cures Emissions, Impotency, Varlco-
ijSsa \&X, cele, (ionorrlin'a. Gleet, Fits, Strlo-
KUu i!il tures. Blood Disease and all wasting
's#« *S*3 eflect3 of Abuse or iCxcessej.
EasSw**inß3 Scut sealed. $2 per bottle, THKiil*
BOTTLES, $5: guaranteed to cure any case.
JDK. H ALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUI&
«»5 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
All privet* cuaviue* quietly cured bend for
tree book.
1516
THE CRAVEN PEOPLE SPRING
A MINE ON CAPTAIN LEES
Telltale Evidence in Quantity in Favor of Cooney
Found in General Dickinson's
Office.
FAIR PEOPLE ATTEMPT
TO HEAD IT OFF.
A Batch of uTo Me" Notaria'
Blanks Printed Previous
lo 1891.
THE WORK WAS PRINTED BY
CROCKER & CO.
The Bonanza Interests Un arth An
other *' Bogie Man" in the Sh p^
cf a Missing Deed.
Both sides in the Fair case uncovered a
surprise yesterday for their opponents.
The Craven people hauled from out the
archives and records of Attorney John H.
Dickinson's office a number of notarial
records, identical in wording and form
with Coon y's certificate in the pencil
deeds, which they have ovidence were
printed at least five years ago. The Fair
people made the discovery that a deed ac
knowledged by Cooney with one of His
printed regular ottice blanks after the date
of the pencil will was missing.
The unearthing of the notarial certifi
cate!* in General Dickinson's office came
as a sort of boomerang to those who are
prosecuting Cooney. The Fair people and
Captain Lees have sought to establish
from the beginning that previous to Au
gust 1(3, IS:*5, no blank certificates of ac
knowledgment primed by H. S. Crocker
& Co. contained the words "to roe." In
the chain of evidence they have sought to
wind about the young notary the two
chief links were the defective printing in
the acknowledgment? on tbe pencil deeds
and the time Crocker A Co. lirst began to
j.rnit this form oi acknowledgment.
There are in t-.e pencil deeds acknowl
edgment evidences of bai printing in
many of the lines. These defects are visi
ble to the naked eye on close inspection,
and under the microscope become matters
of some importance. When Captain Lees
suddenly took a notion to take a hand in
the litigation he claimed to have discov
ered that in January, 1596, Crocker &. Co.
had printed a batch of 10,000 notarial
blanks, one-half of which had defects in
printing identical with those in the pencil
deeds acknowledgments. To strengthen
his case he sought 10 prove that none of
the blanks primed by Crocker contained
the words "to me" in previous to August,
Simon H. Wade, the foreman of the I
C:ocker printing department, swore on
the ,-tanri on Thursday last that previous
to 1895 Ui< iirni had printed none of this
k.nd of blanks. Young Whiteside, who
was discovered by tnp detectives at the
eleventh i<our, swore that he had inserted
the two little words, which promise to cut
much figure in Cooney's case, in the proof
that he sent up 10 the printers for a batch
(f 5000 blanks on August 16. 1595. For
some time past the Craven peo i ie have
had in their possession proofs of ah the
notarial blanks printed in this City for the
past ten years.
Incidentally they kept tab on Crocker's
establishment, and when Lees showed his
hand in Magistrate Cooks court tney hail
already up their sleeve the proof that
would disable one of the detective's big
gest weapons From 1873 to 1891 every
notarial certificate printed in this State
contained the words "to me" as a portion
of its contents. T.iefoim was prescribed
by law. and if Crocker & Co. had been
printing forms without these words they
were printing illegal forms. General John
H. Dickinson has been the attorney lor the
printing-house for a number of years and
has dratted ail the copy for the various
leu'al forms.
The records of Dickinson's office prov 'd
that previous :o 18!»1 all notarial certifi
cates contained tue>e words. There were
proofs of the blanks in i is desk without
number and the Craven people quietly
gathered a few of tnese in and prepared
themselves for the thunder Lees had
promised. When it came they were not
ULjconcerted.
When Captain Lees discovered he had
been caught in a corner he made quick
tracks for Crocker's place and satisfied
himself he had left a hole unpegged. Yes
terday afternoon George Crocker
made a call at Dickinson's office
and attempted to get possession of ihe
telltale forms. Captain Wade, who is is
charge of the office during Dickinson's
attendance in the State Senate, refused to
give them up and a wrangle ensued.
"General Diclcinson i 3 our attorney,"
?aid Crocker, angrily, "and those blanks
belong to us by right."
"I can't help that," replied Wade.
"General Dickinson is in Sacramento
and I can't give you anything without his
permission."
"But tne blanks are ours."
Wade shook his head. Crocker then de
manded admittance to Dickinson's private
room, but Wade was obdurate.
"I demand admittance to that room,"
said Crocker.
"And you wont get it," said Wade, and
the junior member of the printing estab
lishment withdrew to confer with his father
and Captain Lee*. No attempt was made
to secure possession of the h.an&s. It is
probable that application will be made to
day to General D.ckinson to give up the
documents.
But their delivery to Crocker now would I
come too late to prevent their playing an
important part in Cooney's defense.
Uopies of the different iseues are now in j
the possession of the Craven attorneys.
They bear the dates of their issues, secured '
lrom the records of Dickinson's office.
These dates cover a period extending back
to 1880, and when introduced in court will
probably go a long way to tearing down
the case Lees would build up against
Cooney.
The Craven people have al«o made an
other rather interesting discovery in refer
ence to this portion of the celebrated case.
The Fair attorneys and detectives say j
that Cooney cut off the margin of the
acknowledgments he lued on tne pencil
deed?, removing the printer's mark and
the red line on the margin. It is their
contention that in this process a strip of
paper fully half an inch wide was re
moved. The orm of blank printed by
Crocker in 188fi, to which class Lees says
the pencil i^eeds acknowledgments be- j
lone, corresponds now in s;ze with j
Cooney's clipped blanks. If the pencil
deed forms had not been trimmed, they
would li.nvt- been at least half an inch
wider than those printed by Crocker.
This, Mrs. Craven's representatives say,
will be introduced «i the proper time in
court to prove ihat Lees and the Fair chil
dren have been conuting without the cost.
The blanks used by Cooney are identical
with those printed by Crocner & Co. pre
vious to 1891, in every particular, *o far as
the practiced eye can discern. They are
similar to those used by almost every no
tary in the State for many years.
There are now in the possession of Mrs.
Craven's attorneys copies of acknowledg
ment made by severai notaries previous to
the time of Senator Fair's death. Tney
are all' similar to Cooney's forms on the
pencil deeds.
One in particular was made by C. L.
Calvin of Alameda in 189 L It bears the
date of January 28, 1891, and to dispel all
doubt as to where it was printed the firm
name of H. fc>. Crockor & Co. appears on
the margin.
The Craven people are confident that
they can bowl the case against Cooney out
of court without any effort. Assuming
that the prosecution rests Us ca^e entirely
on the defects in the Cooney acknowledg
ments, by which the prosecution will seek
to i -entity the date of their printing with
the issue by Crocker in January, 189(i,
tney have in lebuttal proofs of blanks
printed by the same firm previous to 1890
and conlaining.eimilar evidence of a bat
tered stereotype.
According to the story of Crocker's em
ployes the issue of 10,000 forms was
printed on two forms to s-ve time. Both
impress ons v.ere made from type. In
one the type was battered, according to
the police witnes-es, but the Craven
people are asking why if there was such
naste in the mutter a stereotype was not
made and thus the correct forms would
have been assured.
The presence of Captain Lees in tbe
■ case i as led many to inquire why if he
| believes Cooney is in the conspiracy he
does not arrest Mrs. Craven and others
connected with the pencil deeds.
This matter will probably furnish some
interesting testimony when Cooney's
! lawyers begin his defense.
The deed that the Fair people say has
i disappeared is dated in November. 1894,
| two months later than the pencil deeds.
It was acknowledged by Cooney on a form
i having his name printed upon it. Its
bearing on the case is indirect. The heirs
bave been looking over Cooney's records,
and they say that as far as they can dis
cover Cooney used forms with li is name
printed on iv almost every instance. They
argue from this that i: is peculiar that in
Mrs. Craven's case a blank form could be
u«ed. The presence of Cooney's office
certificate on a deed made later than the
Craven documents would be evidence to
them that Cooney was not out of mater. al
with his name printed on it when it is
claimed Fair called at his office on Jan
uary 27. 1894.
The Fair people intimate that John G.
Banter, who has already been mentioned
in the case as a friend of Cooney's, kn<ws
something about the disappearance of the
document. Barker, who is a son-in-law of
Mrs. Johnson of the Colonial Hotel, has
an excellent reputation and the Craven
attorneys say the attempt of their
opponents to bring his name into the
ca-e is a sort of bogie man move in the ab
sence of some legitimate excuse to fight iv
the or>en.
The case against Cooney will be resumed
before Magistrate Carroll Cook to-morrow
morning.
AN EXPERT'S VIEWS.
G. L.. Bresie Talk* of the City's Kxpan
gion Northward — A. Magnificent
Park.
"The appraisement of the Fair estate
! will require careful study and special
! knowledge and skill," said G. L. Bresse of
the firm of L. G. Bresse & Co. to a Call
reporter yesterday at his office, 412 Pme
street. "There are two other appraisers,
i Ernest A. Leigh and R.chard V. Dey, men
j cf wide experience and the highest stand
j inc.
"The estate has largely improved its
I north end property, and I have great faith
jin the future of that section. The pro-
I jpcted boulevard through Lombard street
' to the Presidio, with its superb marine
| view, will make a magnificent park, while
the order and discipline enforced will ex-
I elude the objectionable element, making
it most desirable for residence purposes.
"We find," he continued, "that money
is freer and our firm has made recent sales
lor investors who take advantage of ihe
low figures to secure bargains. We have
added special lines to our business, which
now includes making loans on real estate
and securities, auctioneering, the handling
of large properties, honse-rentirtg and
collections for residents and non-residents,
as well as placing insurance, advi.'ing in
vestments and the exchange of City and
country property."
In answer to a query Mr. Bresfesaid:
I "Ye*, there is certainly a mining revival,
! in which we take a great interest, espe
cially in Amador, El Dorado and
Tuolumne counties. New processes make
j profitable the working of 2ow-grade ores
| and claims once abandoned."
Mr. Bresse has shown commendable
public spirit in his support of the work of
improvement ciub9, especially along lines
that may become bu-miess streets. Al
though never aspiring to public office he
takes a keen interest in municipal affairs.
He is a strong advocate ot reforms in City
government, and during the recent elec
tion his influence was felt on the a:de of
good government.
Jury <In inn Have Been Paaseil.
Chairman Rottanzi of the Finance Commit
tee of the Board of Supervisors has passed the
jury claims, which have been held up p.ndfn?
an investigation, to the amount of $20,432 50.
The committee acted upon the advice of the
City and County Attorney.
An Innovation in Candy.
One of the most cheerful looking places in
the city is Towne's new confectionery store,
which opened yesterday at 900 Market street.
Mr. Charles Towne, the proprietor, claims to
be the only manufacturer in the City using
pure fruit juices and crushed fruit* in his
candies. Everything at this store is the very
best thi t labor and pure material can produce.
Towne's Ice Cream soda cannot be equaled in
ihe city. ♦
Sunset Slerchamllse Club.
The charge of petty larceny against Mr 3.
Elizabeth Roy, manager of the Sunset Mer
chandise Cluo, preferred by Mrs. Apgte Douo
van, ore of the members, was dismissed by
Judge Low yesterday. It was intimated that
a new complaint would be sworn to to-morrow
morning charging Mrs. Roy with managing a
lottery.
Acknowledged superior, the Waltz safes, in
all sizes. 109 and 111 Market St., B, F. ♦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
SAD DEATH OF
JOSEPH A. WEAVER
He Expired in the Receiv
ing Hospital in This
City.
Of a Roving Disposition, He
Had Lately Been Dis
sipating.
His Family, Who Live in San Jjse,
Were Greatly Surprised to H^ar
He Was Dad.
A young man about 25 years of age,
well dressed and evidently weil educated
from the manner of his conversation,
walked into the Receiving Hospital be
tween 12 and 1 o'clock Friday afternoon
and told Dr. Bunneil that be was going
crazy.
"I have been on a drunk for some days,"
he said, "and am suffering terribly.
Couldn't you put me somewhere for a
time till I get better?"
In answer to the doctor's questions he
said his name was J. A. Weaver, and that
his parents were wealthy residents of San
Joae. The reason he had gone to the hos
pital was to get recovered from his s-pree,
as he did not wish his parents to know
what he had been doing.
As he appeared to be on the verge of
delirium tremens Dr. Bunneil prescribed
for him, and after searching him had him
placed in a padded cell. There was noth
ing in bis pockets to show whether he was
teliing the truth about his name and ad
dress, and his purse was empty.
About 8 o'clock yesterday morning Dr.
Bunneil saw him in his cell and he ap
peared to be much better. He suggested
to the doctor that he had better leave the
bj^epital, but as he had not fully recovered
the doctor induced him to stay" for a lew
hour longer.
Dr. Bunneil, about 12 o'clock, went to
see how the young man was feeling and
was surprised to find him breathing hard.
He felt his pulse, and almost while doing
to the young man breathed his last.
The body was removed to tne Morgue
and the autopsy will show the cause of
death.
A dispatch from San Jose last nigh
gave the following additional facts:
Josph Addison Weaver was the eldest
son 01 Colonel T. K. Weaver, the president
of the Board of Trade in San Jose and a
prominent orchardist. The young man
was roving in disposition and given to
drinking heavily, but as he was of a ro
bust constitution it was not feared that
one of his sprees would result la tally. His
relatives and friends bad strong hopes
that he would overcome his habits of dis
sipation, as he was quite young, and the |
sudden and sad outcome is a great shock.
The family came to San Jose from Mat
toon, 111., three years ago, and Colonel
Weaver purchased thirty aces of im
proved orchard on the McKee road, north
east of the c.ty limits. The young man
w«s not content to live and work on the
home place. He began to rove around
and get into bad company and his parents
could not control him or cet him to stay
at home. He finally left about a week
ago, saying that he was going to San
Francisco to hunt work. He was a good
singer and an athlete and he made very
good company among his young men
acquaintances. He was 24 years of age, a
native of Illinois. His father and. Secre
tary J. P. Pay of the Board of Trade will
leave San Jose for San Francisco this
morning to take charge of the remains.
BOWEN SET PiiEE.
Federal Jury Decide* 1 hat He Killed
•Junes in Self-Uefer.se.
The jury in the murder case of Harry
Bowen in the United States District Court,
yesterday found the defendant not guilty
after deliberating but ten minutes.
Frank Jones, second mate of the whaler
Balaena, was Killed by Bowen on Septem
ber I, 1896^ his fate being provoked by re
peated assaults uduii defendant.
Defendant's mother came froiu the East
to sit by him during the trial and the ver
dict affected her deeply. After it was ren
dered she embraced Attorney J. N. E.
Wilson and wept copiously.
Tnomas M. Drollet, a spectator, ap
plauded the verdict of the jury and cried,
"Good," whereupon he was reprimanded
by Judge Morrow and sentenced to twenty
hours' imprisonment. The sentence was
afterward remitted, upon Drollet's expla
nation that he had never been in a court
before and did not know his conduct was
improper.
Bowen came into prominence as the
saver oi life at the time of the great hurri
cane in San P.-dro Bay spverai years ago,
at which time he was mate of the steamer
Los Angeies. He went in a life-saving
boat with a crew and saved the life of all
aboard the Kennebec
HAD BUBGLARS' TOOLS.
Arthur Deering, ;« Supposed -1-astern
i rook. Convicted by Judge Conlan.
Arthur Deering was yesterday convicted
by Judge Conlan on two charges, one of
having burglars' tools in his possession
and the other of carrying a concealed
weapon, and was ordered to appear for
sentence to-morrow.
Deering is a suave, well-dressed man,
and '.he police believe be is an Eastern
crook. About three weeks ago be and
J. A. WEAVER.
James Daly, an ex-convict, were arrested
in the Western Addition and when
searched at the City Prison a lone dagger,
several skeleton keys, a "jimmy" and
other tools were found in Deering's
pockets. Detectives Gibson and Wren
made a painstaking search for the room
occupied by Deering in the hope of find
ine the proceeds of some burglaries there,
but they were unsuccessful.
HUNG UP BY A HOOK.
A Bootblack buffers a Peculiar and
distressing Accident.
Garibaldi Giovani is the "boots" of Nais
mith's barber-shop on Clay street. It is
Garibaldi's weekly duty to wash the
windows and put a plate-glass polish on
Uiem. Yesterday morning while at the
top of a ladder about fifteen feet from the
ground, the ladder slipped at the bottom,
and Giovani was plunged to the sidewalk.
He naturally threw out his arms to catch
hold on some support, and while falling,
one of his bands struck an upward curved
awning hook and he was impaled upon it.
The hock ontered the palm near the
thumb joint and the hand was torn com
p.ftely ooen, making a bad wound.
When he came in contact with the hook,
Giova'ii naturally clinched his hand to save
himself, not knowing the nature of
the obstruction. This made the
laceration much worse. He hung a tew
seconds on the hook, the cruel iron tear
ing its way slowly through the palm
toward the knuckles. Then he fell, almost
fainting, to the sidewalk. Friends sent
him to the Keceiving Hospital, where the
wound was dressed. It will be several
weeKs before Giovani can polish boots
again.
Chita Jackson Held.
Mrs. Emma Cleverly, better known as Chita
Jackson, Mas yesterday held by Judge Low to
answer before the Superior Court in $2000
bonds on a charge of grand larceny. Mrs.
Dunnigan, a neighbor of the defendant, was
the complaining witness Rnd she testlfi-. d that
the deicndant stole a diamond ring and dia
mond pit) worth $110 from her. The articles
were pawned by the defendant for $45 and
the pawnbroker identified her.
NEW TO-DAT.
THE MOST
REMARKABLE
SALE
In point of Genuine Sacrifices of CLOAKS
AND WRAPS and general satisfaction of
money=savers is that of the
Great Retiring Sale
OF 1
Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
There Yet Remains $50,000 Worth
of Cloaks and Suits
To be hurried out at those little prices
that please the people. The attendance
at this sale has been the greatest any
house in this city has ever witnessed.
Thousands have profited by the great
values we have given, and thousands
more will have a chance during the days
remaining of this sale.
I
PRICES TO INTEREST
ALL THE PEOPLE.
$2.00 Wrappers for 35c.
$35.00 Novelty Jackets for $7.50.
$40.00 Dresses, lined with silk, for $12.50.
$1.00 Waists at 25c.
Everything in Our Store Shall
Be Sacrificed on This Sale.
ABMAND CAILLEAU,
Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
A NURSE WHO
WAS PAID WELL
She Secured $7000 for Less
Than a Month's
Services.
Eliza Waldeck, Attendant of the
Late Henry Becker, Sued for
a Large Sum.
Oltoßurmeister, Executor of the Dead
Man's Will, Demands Restitu
tion of Property.
I
Otto Burmeisler, as executor of the will
of Henry Becker, deceased, has tiled a suit
against Mrs Eliza Waldeck. who is also
tr.own as Eliza Becker, for the recovery
oi $SCOO and a lot on Oak Grove avenue,
near Harrison street, 25x112 feet in size,
said to be worth $2000. I
According 10 the complaint^lrs. Becker
took advantage of her position as a nurse
to induce her patient first to marry her
and subsequently to convey to her all his
property, which is estimated to be worth
about $7000.
It is alleged that on or about October
28, 1896, Eliza Waldeck met Henry Becker
tor the first time; that before that they
were unacquainted and unknown to each
other; that on the day named she was em
ployed to act as his nurse; that owing to
his infirmities and weakness he was de
pendent on her from the moment of her
installment as his nurse to the day of his
death; that in consequence she had the
absolute control and mastery over him
from that time to his death.
It is further alleged that immediately
after besoming his nurse the defendant
formed the des : gn of securing to herself
all the property belonging to the dead
man, and or depriving his creditors and
his heirs of their rightful share of the
same.
An explanation is offered that with this
intent she informed him that she was un
married and that the persons named in
his will did not care for him, ana 10 pr<
ven.t them from disproving this statement
she excluded all Iriends and acquaint
ances from tiis presence, thus preventing
them from having any conversations with
him.
All of these representations, it is said by
the plaintiff, were false, and by reason of
these untru? statements she induoed him
to marry _her on the 31st of October, three
days afte?she was employed as his nur^e.
JMve days after that he deeded his real es
tate to hi r and transferred to her posses
sion alt of his cash.
Becker lived less than three weeks after
triving his property to his new-made wife.
He left a will which provided that his
property should go to his relatives, ana
thai Mr. Burmeister should act as execu
tor. In view of these circumstances, ana
considerine the allegation that Becker was
physically and mentally weak and under
the domination of his nurse, judgment of
the court is asked to compel her to refund
;he cash and to reconvey to Mr. Burtueis
ter, for the benefit of his heirs and lega
tees under the will, as no other properly
belonging to the testator can be found.
NEXT TO-DAT-DRT GOODS. - r]
SPECIAL
VALUES
THIS WEEK!
150 dozen LADIES' NATURAL WOOL £
VESTS and^DRAWERS (all sizes) - - -^*«"V.Each
1 •
50 pieces NEW FRENCH NOVELTY SUIT-
INGS, assorted designs, full 42 inches in , 7cr v
width (navys only) ---------- '/. &
■HI ; _ ..
500 pieces No. 40 EXTRA QUALITY TAF-
FETA RIBBON, all silk and latest Spring <-+f\r 
v a -^UC Yard
shades - ----------
50 pieces BLACK FRENCH DIAGONAL| *— -^ \
CHEVIOT, full 50 inches wide 75^ Yard
600 pieces FRENCH and BELGIAN TOR- f^l r
CHON LACES, handmade, sc, 10c and I^C Yard
350 dozen BLEACHED HUCK TOWELS,B<j» fa
hemmed, hemstitched and fringed -- - •** p^ Dozen
20 dozen GENUINE ENGLISH MOREEN
LADIES' SKIRTS, in both black and d*
colored ---------- .^3-00 Each
tSf~ Country orders receive prompt attention.
£Sf- Goods delivered free in San Rafael, SausaMto, Blltho-
dale, Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
111, 113, 115/117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Most I
Extraordinary I
RUG SALE 1
nub dnLt I
Ever Known in This City Begins ||
TO-MORROW MORNING. 1
250 "RUGS, I
Size 27x54,' B
ALL CHOICE DESIGNS, 1
At 50c Apiece. |
M. FRIEDMAN & CO., 1
233-235-237 POST SIBEET, Eg
Near Stockton, H
130-133-134 MORTON street. h
OPEN evenings. 1
*fsLCgiffi t Tffl l ffg Opposite Seventh.
jB^K'CUT HATES
— -on
dRUGS, PERFUMERY,
mm MEDICINES, RUBBER GOODS,
TOILET ARTICLES,
FIXE wires and liquors,
High-grade CIGARS.
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's a Snap:
rplmonts, 12% c size cut to 10a
l.a Hosa, l2Vfccsize cut to 10;
Sanchez & Hay a. 12Va<5 size cut to 103
Xl Telegrapho, 12i/ c size cut to 10
General Arthur, iOc straight cut to 3 tor 25s
General Burnslde. 10c straight cut to 3 for 2jj
Klgaro. 5c straight cut to 6 for 253
KlDg B. 5c straight... cut to 6 tor Jjj
RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
f.TOSfi PO CHY,
/_^gi]ffTOr^*ffi~fyffl Successor to DR. LAI
v PO TAI, graduate of
\ Canton Medical Col-
|f( lege. after a very suc-
jf! cetuful practice of
J'jtx, i-^ ' man;- years In China,
J'^SV wsi SM^ has lo atrd in San
W/ "/ \^ Sm Francisco. The sur-
ii''//L» "// prising and marvelous
tt^^» 9 •/ cures effected by his
JBWmBA /j[ herbs demonsttate
fUnjffflh Jt< iheir potence and his
SwUfciißy 'A. skill. These herbs
4ffik cure over 400 different
(IbßW^^Z^ diseases, iuc. tiding
'^iS^^^V Brieht's Disease, Dia-
vri^K*^ ~ betes, • Consumption,
■" Asthma, Paralysis.
Brain, Nerve," Cancers, Tumors, Blood, Male and
Female Maladies All persons afflicted with any
Hind of malady wbatsover are invited to call. . ■
Office, 727 : "Washington Street.
Office hours— 9 a- m to la m., Ito 9p. v.; Sun-
day, 10 a. m. to 12 m.
uUUIVIIiU'"' : °°°^
the novelties
of our store, and attracts the attention of
all passers-by. Monday and Tuesday we
sample and
SERVE FREE
Mamoca pudding, East India.
Cream of Maize.
Olives, best Los Angeles.
Welsh Rarebit.
Mountain Comb Money.
Pure Maple Sugar.
Celery, Kalamazoo.
Finest Coffee in town.
Choice of 60 teas,
And many other delicious articles, such as
seldom find their way to the grocery coun-
ters of this city. We pride ourselves on
the quality of our goods. You help make
the price at
CMITU'O Cash S arket "
OMIInO Store, s ' P r £ y .
*
REDUCED
CAB FARE,
Even the poor can ride
as well as the rich.
BABY CARRIAGES,
All our Carriages have Varnished Bodies,
Steel Wheels and Patent Brake.
All Carriages over $9.00 have Patent Hubs,
RUBBER TIRE. STEEL WHfcELS.
Parasol Top, Reed Body, lined with floured
Sateen, steel wheels ......... .!»3. 7 *>
Hood l op, full size Jlattan body, lined fig-
ure, hateen. novelty springs, ste^l
wheels »5. 75
Parasol lop. Reed body, upholstered in Art
fabric, steel wheels and 5pring5..... ....86
Hood Top, Heel body, upholstered in *ig-
urea sateen, steel wheel* and sp-intfs..»7.oo
Hood Top, Reed body. upholstered in Derby
Cloth with Plush ro'.l - '» l *<- 90
Hood Top. Kattan body. oj* ol " e "£ '.? r \fP-
•strv with Plush roll, Kt'BBKK IIRK.
STEEIi WHEEL* 99 50
In addition we have a large assort-
ment of Hood and Parasol Top Car-
riages In newest designs of bodies
and upholsteries, selling up to $30
each.
We make a specialty of Carriage
Repairing.ORGAN Rock at eventide !
By the black bay's sobbing side
Stands the tall and time-worn stone.
O'er its rough and rugged feet
Wash the waves with cadence sweet,
Making their melodious moan
To the moon which moves afar,
Followed by a single star.
Seaward sails a shadowy ship
Where the billows rise and dip
On the ocean's misty brim.
Landward loom the somber pines,
Deepening darkness, save where shines
How the Drink of Morphine Habit Is Treated by Hypnotism Over at Angel Island
ALLY a medical journal
l^'l-' wi 'l recite the employment of
hypnoti: m experimentally, in some
hospital in France, with the commentary
of a view ot some physician upon a case
whicn has fallen under his observation in
this country, but few persons in San Fran
cisco are aware that hypnotism as a regu
lar department of therapeutics is daily
successfully practiced in one of the Govern
ment hospitals in this department, and
that it has been so practiced with varying
success for no less than three years.
This hospital is on Angel Island, and
the introduction of hypnotism into the
formulas of treatment there is due to the
progressive spirit and wide learning of its
physician in charge, Major Pope. The
major is wonderfully read in hypnotic
lore, and. while he does not himself hyp
notize, the operations are done under his
directions, end he keeps careful watch
over the subject during the period of his
treatment. But hypnotism is not practiced
in ti.e Government service alone on
Angel Island ; it is now quite common in
nearly all hospitals of this character
throughout the country. The reason
nothing has been said of it outside of the
numerous reports of cases in medicai
journal-, framed in the scientific language
which so few laymen care to read, is the
usually remove 1 situations of these cara
vansaries, whereby they are generally out
of the ken of the daily prints. In this
respect it might be said that the military
hospitals are leading like establishments
of the civil sort, for the surgeon-general
of the army has reported on it time and
again, always professing the fullest faith
in it and speaking interestedly of the
progress of its use in the hospitals of the
vice.
1 would seem that the army presented
\ :ield the most suggestive of the employ
ment of hypnotism in treating the cases
which are commonest to rise within it.
These are soldiers afflicted with the liquor
habit. Soldiers are proverbially drinkers;
many of them are hard drinkers, and, as
liquor is always obtainable at the post ex
change or store, called the "canteen,"
there is opportunity to dnnk to excess
even on the reservation. It is after a pro
tracted spree, and perhaps a sobering up
• in the guardhouse, that Johnny, the sol
dier, is sent to the hospital, to be there
dealt with according to this recent school
of application of the mysterious and but
slightly understood forces in animal life
which our ignorance terms odic, and rele
gates to the occult.
That pale and insidious destroyer, the
c contributes its annual quota of
victims to the candidature for hypnotic
treatment, for the callow, smooth-faced
Johnny, like his counteipart in civilian
li.'c, shows the sallow skin and bronze
finger stains of the creature succumbed to
t' c dt'mon Nicotine, and who has become
a liend of his family.
Experience at the hospital has shown
that all persons are not susceptible to
hypnotic influence, neither are all persons
capable of becoming operators. Major
Pope himself frankly admits tbat he b
I not organized to develop into an opera-
I tor. He finds those persons make the
1 kest subjects who are nervously pros
> i.cd; the fellow so "jagged" that he
ices snakes when ha shuts his eyes, the
cigarette victim whose nervousness occv
sions extreme diffidence, so that nis hand:
tremble and his speech falters, toe suffer
ers from bad habits which render them
wrecks and prostrates— these are the be
ings who, presenting the opposite exlremi
ia the elements essential to the aeldier,
come to the Hospital to have the potential
passes made over their faces and their
eyes closed in hypnotic sleep by the fin
gers of the operator.
Although Major Pope does not himself j
hypnotize he is sagacious in the selection ;
of an operator. During the yeais that this i
force has been employed at the hospital ,
there have beeti two men connected with |
the institution who possessed singular j
ability in the exercise of the power and a '
third was developing into an operator ;
when he was called away. Tlie last and j
the strongest dynamo of this influence is j
the present operator at the hospital,
Charles yon Radesky, an Austrian physi- j
cian about 40 years old, who, preferring j
the certainty of congenial employment, ;
even at low wages, in the Government ser- |
vice to the precariousnpss of a medical j
practice upon the outside, has accepted
the cffiee of senior steward of the hospital.
Major Pope uses Dr. vcn Radesky's power ;
very much as he would employ an elec- j
trie battery. He does not beiievd in the !
Keely cure, and though it is In vogue at j
some places in the Government service, j
it is not resorted to on the island. Hyp- \
notism he applies in treatment along with j
treatment of the regular medicinal char- j
acter, good nursing and close attention to
the patient.
Invariably the major endeavors to excite
in the patient a desire to be cured of his
habit. Generally the poor victim is glad
enough to aid the physician in this regard
so far as bis shattered will affords, and he
is usually anxious to be free from the ap
petite which often throughout his life has
been his besetting pitfall and the cause of
th*e most fatal of his misfortunes. In this
bringing of the mind to bear against the
disease, the major draws a distinction be
tween desire and resolve. He gives no
heed to a resolution of a patient not to
drink any more; it is his desire, his yearn
ing for immunity from the vice that is ef
fective; it is not a mere line drawn in the
man's conduct which he promises himself
and others not to cross, but it is a condi
tion of mind which must be generated in
the patient under which the doing of such
and such thine becomes something not :o
be thought of, and the thoughts to be
turned to something else whenever the
doing of such thing is suggested from
without.
With all the medicine, therefore, and
with the aid of hypnotism, the major
does not hold that the drink or other
habits can be cured where the paiient
willfully sets himself to resume his habit
after the treatment is concluded, or where
he does not himself bring his mind against
it. The fact seems to be that what is
done at the hospital is to rid the patient
of the physical craving of his habit, to
put his body in a condition of health with
regard to it, to place him in about the
state he was IB before he had taken his
first drink or performed the first act of
his habit. If having been thus restored
he wisnes to again resume his ancient as
suetude there are no bars, save the known
consequences, upon his so doint;. Gener
ally, however, the patient does not re
lapse. In the seventy-thfee cases which
have been treated by hypnotism at the
hospital only half a dozen have recurred
:o the habits of their diseases.
The methods which Dr. yon Radesky
employs in his hypnotic operations while
they are most effective do not appear to
be appreciated or viewed with peculiar de
light by the rank and file. A soldier in
his sky-blue surcoat and white cotton
gloves was carrying a shouldered musket
on sentry duty up and down a graveled
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUAKY 24, 1897.
Here and there a homelight dim.
By the western doors of day,
Dallies yet the sun's last ray,
Tints the clouds with colors seven,
Till they seem, in glory dight,
Creatures of the world of light,
Guardians of the gates of heaven.
Over Nature twilight creeps,
Stealing down from infinite deeps,
Comes and whispers "MYSTERYI"
Unto him who dreams beside
Organ Rock at eventide. J. E. R.
walk. I asked him what |he thought of
the hypnotic drink treatment at the hos
pital.
"Tut, it's a fake," he replied, his man
ner revealing the indifference and scorn
with which he reviled it. But whatever
it be assuredly its practice has produced a
strengthening of the morale in the men of
the command on the island. The officers
are effusive in their present declarations
that the men are of high type, sober, and
that the guardhouse is rarely occupied. It
was not always so, else there could not
have been seventy-three patients* ont of a
body cf 200 or so men to be treated in
three years. I have said that the soldier
at the hospital usually assists the operator
in banishing his desire for drink, but it is
in a spirit something after that in which
the occupant of the electrocution chair
aids his executioner. The fact is that the
men riread hypnotism and look upon Dr.
yon Radesky as something that is loaded.
To what extent this desirable awe has in
fluenced tbe tone of the command is. of
course, incomputable; but that it has so
operated there is no doubt.
And well it might, for the operation of
Dr. yon Kadesky upon a patient is not an
J experience through which one would wish
I to pass by reason of its agreeabie sensa
j tions. The exhibition of one of these
j operations blends the curious with the
i humorous and the grim to a remarkable
degree. The treatment is (riven in the
; long ward of the hospital, replete with
j its beds, some of them occupied by other
] patients. Private Smith has been
; "boozy" for a week. A night in the guard
: house has left him with the jiggers, and
i his brain is full of smoke. His hair
stands out in feather tufts, and his beard
' is matted with tobacco juice and sand.
His fle-h is soiled, his garments are dirty
and iiis hreath exhales a strength that
would float an egg. Private Smith is sod
! den, foul of speech and stench and vis
i ibiy miserable. If he were in civil life he
1 would be a tramp when sober aud in jail
j when drunk; but being in the service of
the Government there are those who will
I see to it that his tortuous way of error is
■ somewhat mended, that he himself is
j tinctured up, that his hide is scraped and
polished, the afflictions of his past in some
measure cleaned away and that he be
htted again for reception into soldier so
i ciety.
DR. CHARLES YON RODESKY, U. S. A.
1 He has a bath and a clean shift, then he
is put to b.'d. Rio is given a little bro
mide, but he continues restless. Dr. yon
Kadesky lemoves his glasses and views
him.
" Go to sleep," says the doctor.
"I can't sleep," returns Smith.
"But you can sleep," says the doctor,
waving his hands before his eye?. "You
are very sleepy, you are going to sleep
now; you will be asleep in a moment."
A few passes more, the doctor closes
Smith's eyelids, holds his fingers for an
instant on the balls, and the patient is
fast asleep.
In an hour the doctor again approaches
him and, while he is still sleeping, turns
him on his side and speaks in his ear:
''You don't like beer or whisty or gin
! or any kind of drink," says the doctor.
"It make? you sick whenever you try to
drink it. The reason it makes you sick is
that it is not beer or whisky or gin, but it
lis sewer water. It looks like good drink,
I bat it is not fit to drink. It smells like
I sewer water, for it stinks, and it tastes
like sewer water and it makes you sicfc.
When you swallow it you cannot keep it
NOTE— Organ Rock is a high and rugged mass of stone standing
upon the southern coast of Monterey Bay. It was known to the Indians
as Point Aulon, but bears the modern name of Organ Rock by reason
of the local tradition that there is a vast cave beneath it, which opens
on the bay below high-water mark, and that when tides rise high or
stormy billows dash upon the rock a listener at its base can catch the
hollow and muffled roar of the surges beating within the cavern below.
on your stomach; you will puke it vp —
ugb — b-r-r-."
Smith does not rouse, but continues his
sleep: when he does awake be feels dizzy,
uncomfortable. He has no appetite, can
not eat the broth brought him. The
second steward asks h:m if he would like
to have a little whisky. He thinks he
would. Whisky is brought in a glass;
the private takes it, put? it to his lips, but
his lips being just beneath his nose he is
forced to smell it.
"Phew! that stuff stinks! neh, that
ain't whisky! b-r-r-take it away! Where's
the bucket?" He gags and gasps and sick
at the stomach he flons over in bed again
until his nausea passes off.
That night Smith takes some more
medicine to soothe his nervous state and
tone up his stomach, which retains a little
food; he continues to be troubled with
bugs and serpents crawl across his vision;
occasionally in nis delirium he will cry
out, but presently when the drugs get well
at work the snakes will wiggle off and he
will sleep quietly. Then Dr. yon Radesky
will find his ear again and say:
"In the morning when you wake up you
will go down to the canteen and buy a
glass of beer. It will look like beer, but it
will be sewer water — all beer is sewer
water— and it will taste like sewer water.
You will drink it, but you will not hold it
on your stomach. You will vomit it up—
you will vomit violently, you will retch
and you will hurry back to the hospital
and go to bed."
When Smith wake 3up he does not care
to eat. The drink thirst has not yet left
him and lie is very miserable. He dresses
himself and says nothing, but sneaks off.
A few minutes after he bring up at the
canteen. Nervously he fumbles among
the dust of his pocket for a lew nickels to
pay for a bottle of beer. The Keeper of the
canteen understanding the situation sells
it to him. He lifts the foaming glass to
his lips.
"Whew! SomethJn's th' matter with
that beer." He takes a swallow of it.
"Ugh !1t me get to the door ! Oh, heav
ens!" The beady sweat stands on the
cold brow of the sick man as he moves his
way. speedily as his condition will allow,
to the hospital, wLere he quickly resumes
his tea.
Clearly a "put-up job" on Private
Smith; a hard ordeal on him to have a
burning thirst and when refreshment is
tendered to rind it give off an effluvia
which renders it horrible, revolting,
which nauseates him, makes him loathe
it in disgust. Old Midas, with his gold
touch, starving for nutriment which his
tongue turned to yellow wealth, was not
worse ufflicied.
Eut Smith is not more uncomfortable
than that thin young man who sits over
yonder by the table, dejected, looking
wearily at the floor. To him every cigar
ette is a serpent's tongue. It frightens
him when he sees one. Let him forget a
moment, take one of the things and put
it to his lips; it bites them— sets them
afire; in horror he throws the thing &way,
yet he yearns to smoke them, but he can
not. Major Pope's medicine, good nurs
ing, good food, wi 1 ere long relieve him
of this appetite, but for months ke will
carry in his mind the sense that a cigar
ette is the arrowhead tongue of a snake ;
that it "biteth like a serpent and stingeth
like an adder," and by the time this no
tion has worn away he will have no desire
to smoke again, and perhaps he will never
resume the habit.
The result is the same with Smith. His
abused old stomach recovers its natural
functions, the drink thirst wanes, taen dis
appears; food is assimilated; he gains
flesh. He cannot think of drink but that
it seems offensive; a wave of sickness
passes over him if he contemplates it.
If he adds to his condition the desire to
refrain from liquor he does not think of it.
He soon forgets it and when he is restored
to his duties it does not occur to him to
take a drink.
"What is my theory?" replied Dr. yon
Radesky in reply to my question. "I
have a very clearly denned one. I de
stroy the brain-cells which call for drink.
Every habit, eyery wrong appetite, is the
result of infinite numbers of impressions
upon the brain. Men do not have abnor
mal appetites when they start in life.
You hear of men who take a drink more
readily than others, and because their
fathers drank tney say they inherited
their appetites; but these men all had to
drink first before they could acquire an.
appetite for drink, ana if they had not
done so they would not known what such
an appetite was. So, you see, for every
drink a man takes a separate impression
is made upon his mind, and that impres
sion means that a new cell is built up in
the brain.
"I hold to the theory that all brain im
pressions produce cells and that accord
ins? to the number of these cells 13
measured the strength of the propensity
of the individual to perform such acts as
have produced those cells. Tell a child
'this is sugar' ; it will forget what you say;
but tell it again and again, repeated on
different occasions, 'this is sugar, this is
sugar, 1 and you have soon corresponding
cells built up in its brain that such a thing
is sugar that it would be hard to efface
them.
"Now," continued the doctor, "what I
do is to build up counter C6lls in the brain
of the man who drinks. Ido this through
impressing him with thoughts which are
antagonistic to the thoughts which pro
duced bis cells, to the thoughts produced
by those cells. 1 secure this by impres
sions, always the same impressions, re
peated ruany times and at periods and
under conditions so that his will cannot
be brought to oppose or suppress them. 1
crush down his will, then his brain is
mine and I impress it as I like. This is
the principle of hypnotism in the treat
ment of disease as I conceive."
Whatever may be the theory the fact is
that science has introduced at Angel
Inland an influence in behalf of sobriety
more potential than all the temperance
lectures and prohioition laws that hava
ever been uttered or written.
John E. Bennett.
Thoughtlessness.
A rosebud in a sunbeam's arms
In sweet repose was sleeping;
Its tiny face, with cheek oi piak,
From hood of green was peeping.
The sunbeam gazed upon the rose,
And fondly he caressed it;
But bruised its tender lips as he
With kiss too ardent pressed id
And though he softly bathed the wound,
Though night, with tears, him aided,
In life, and c'en in death, the scar
Still never, never faded.
Thus, thoughtless, we may bruise a heart
And earnestly endeavor
To heal the wound, but, as the rose,
It wears the scar forever.
— Xew York Ledger.
It is estimated that there are in exist
ence 3000 different likenesses of Christ, all
more or less worthy of mention. Of these
150 are by bands that have been rated
masters of art.
1718
The Subaltern Made Scapegoat
And HoW the Wife of JWmiral Farragut Was the JMeans of Re
storing a yovmg Man to Duty in tne JWy
W\HE armor-plate frauds of theyea r !
v| r - I s -!-! resulted in nothing save the j
jlf^ line of $144,484 94 to the Carneeie
Company. The officers who were respon
sible, through neglect of duty, for
the imposition on the Government were
not even reprimanded, and the defective
plates are still on the ships. A few |
months ago defective ship-plates were dis- i
covered to have been received at tne New- |
port News yard for the battle-ships in
course of construction there, and as a re
sult the Navy Department has determined
to make an example of some one. Four j
naval officers located at the several steel
works of Carnegie, whence the de
fective plates have heen received, are more |
or less responsible for this irregularity, j
and, in addition, it has also been asserted
that the steel board in Washington has
failed in exercising due precautions.
Hence the necessity of punishing some- j
body, and the unfortunate victim is En- i
sign Noah T. Coleman, who has failed to j
make jrompt replies to inquiries fiom the j
department regarding this steel business, j
on the plea that he has been too busy at- j
tending to inspection of material, and j
could not find time to attend to corre- |
spondence. It should be noted in this j
connection that Ensign Coleman is the
officer lowest in rank on this inspection I
WHEN THE FOG LIFTED THE SHIP WAS FOUND IN CLOSE PROXIMITY TO THE SHORE.
duty, and, therefore, presumably, a Letter
subject for court-martiat than the steel
boaru in Washington, consisting of a cap
tain, a heiiu-nant-conirnancler and p. lieu
tenant, or even Lieutenant-Commander
Forte at Homestead in charge of all in
spectors at the Carnegie Works.
It is a repetition of the same old story in !
the navy, where, if something goes wrong
with a nigh rank line officer, an example by
vicarious punishment is made of the low
e.-t in the grade who may by any means, j
fair or foul, be connected with the affair.
The navy abounds in such stories, some
sad, others with happy endings and others
again ludicrous. An incideut of twenty
eight years ayo is an instance where a
younft subaltern was made to suffer for
the faults of higher rank officers, but hap
pily through the providential interference
of two women came off without any last
ing tilight on his record.
In 1868 the l! nited States steamer Canan
daigua, attached to the squadron of Ad
miral Farragut in European waters, was
in the Adriatic, bound south to join the
squadron in British and French waters.
Her commanding officer was Captain
James H. Strong; E. P. McCrea, execu
tive officer; J. I>. Ciark, navigator, and R.
P. Leary, equipment and ordnance officer,
with Master Heyerman and Ensigns Con
verse and De Long watch officers. The
executive was detached, pending promo
tion, before the ship sailed from Venice,
and was succeeded by Lieutenant-Com
mander E. J. Dickman. On March 8, 1868,
the navigator died, and Lieutenant Leary
modestiy declining the honor of assum
ing navigation duties, there were none
others in the ship considered competent
for such service, and it became necessary
to pick out an officer from some other
ship, and Master B. L. Edes, serving on
the Saco, was selected.
In the latter days of May the Canan
daigua started for the Mediterranean, and
everything went well. The captain, fond
of the good things in life which the navy
brings to a high-rank officer, took matters
easy and left the ship entirely to the care
of the executive, and the latter with
commendable ambition took upon him
self the duties of navigating the ship.
On the morning of May 30, while the ves
sel was proceeding under easy steam and
sail aiong the coast of Italy, the shores of
which were quite plainly visible, a sudden
fog bank obscured the beautiful scenery,
and the captain proceeded to take a bath,
On the quarterdecK Dickman and Edes
pored over the chart and concluded to
change the course, and the former, by
virtue of his rank and greater experience
in working a ship under such circum
stances, took command and ordered Mr.
Edes to go forward and attend to the
handling of the sails by the crew. The
ship's course was changed, and in ac
cordance with navy regulations Dickroan
reported in person to the captain in the
bathtub the change of course, to which
ths latter assented with a spluttering "All
right" without looking at the chart. In a
few minutes, however, it was all wrong, for
the ship's keel came suddenly in con
tact with some part of submerged Italian
soil, spilling the captain out of his tub
and otherwise annoying otlicers and crew,
and when the fog soon after lifted the ship
was found with its nose in close proximity
to a peaceful and picturesque vineyard,
located between Ostussi and lirindisi, at
the beginning of the so-called heel of
Italy. About forty milps of mountainous
land Intervened between tlie bow of the
ship and the Bay of Toranto, and the short
cut, however desirable a.l time-savine,
was impracticable. Afler three days' un
remitting effort, during which lighters,
tugs and boats sent from the friendly
people on tne coast lightened the ship,
and with a final desperate attempt the
vessel and the muddy bottom parted com
pany and the Canandaigua proceeded on
her voyage to England.
In con:ormity with article 10 of the arti
cles of wnr Admiral Farragnt ordered a
court-martial on Lieuteuftut-CowmanUer
Dickraan, July 14, 1856, but the court ex
onerated the navigator, as he proved to
the satisfaction of the court t:at he had
complied with the navy regulations in in
forming the captain of the changed course,
after which his responsibility ceased.
Admiral Farragut was furious, scored the
court severely and b'untiy intimated that
some one must be held responsible for the
stranding of the ship. In consequence
Master B. L. Edes was hanled up before
the court and in short order wa* tried,
convicted and sentenced to two years' sus
pension.
It was not until March 11, 18G9, that
Captain Strona was court-martialed at the
New York Navy-yard, charged with suf
fering a vessel of the navy, through his
negligence, to be stranded ; with having
neglected to keep a night order-book from
April 1 to May 30, 1868, and neglecting to
heave the lead while the ship was ap
proaching land. T.ie court was unable, it
appears, to prove any of the charges, and
he was consequently acquitted.
In the person of Master Edes, however,
it was apparently quite in oonformity to
the regulations that an example had been
made, although his inexperience in the
first place should have excluded him from
even the acting position of navigator.
Master B. Edes Long, or B. Long Edes,
as he transposed his name in I?tj2, entered
the naval academy in September, I*6l, at
the age of 14 years and 0 months, and
graduated in October, 16G.5. He had, there
fore, only about three years' sea experi
ence at the age of 21, when selected to
navicaie a large ahiplifee the Canandaigua,
while Dickman, who took charge, had
nearly six years' and the captain was
credited with twenty-two years' sea
service. However, the court took no cog
nizance of these details, but promptly
found him guilty — as they generally do
when the accused, in addition to low rank,
lacks political influence — and the sentence
would probably have been earned into
effect to its full eztent but lor the sequel.
Master Edes, on sentence being ap
proved, was no longer an officer of the
snip and proceeded in it to England in
order to join some naval vessel bound for
the United States. Arriving in England
the entire squadron, including the flag
ship Franklin, had a general good time,
enjoying with Farragut the hospitality of
British statesmen and others who did
honor to the American admiral. During
the close of 186S the Canandaigua, then at
Gravesend, was ordered to proceed to
THE FRIEND IN NEED.
France, carryine Admiral Farragut's wife
and Mrs. Pennock, wife of the captain of
the Frantclin, over to Calais, where they
were to take the irain for Paris.
I'wo officers, whose names have escaped
the writer's memory, but one of whom
was a surgeon, were charged to look after
the safety and comforts of the ladies, and
the trip across the channel wasuneve.it
ful. Arriving in the French port the
ladies were escorted to a hotel pending
the departure of the train, and the doctor
and his friend went uptown on an explor
ing expedition, with the result that both
of them were unable — or lorgot — to keep
their appointment, and as a consequence
Mrs. Farragut and Mrs. Pennoek, after a
long, anxious waiting, left the hotel and
came down to the dspot.
There were no escorts in sight, nor was
their baggage on hand, and but for the
opportune appearance of Master Edes the
ladies would have been put to great in
convenience. The young man saw the
opportunity of his iiie and, working as he
had never done before, got the baggage
from the hotel, secured tickets (including
one for himself), and escorted the ladies
to their destination in Paris. Mr. Edes'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
late misadventure in the Canandaigua
was, of course, familiar to Mrs. Farragut
and Mrs. Pennock, and when four weeks
later a letter came from the Secretary of
the Navy to Master Edes informing him
that his sentence had been remitted and
that he was restored to duty, it was gen
erally surmised that his courtesy to the
iaaies at a very critical time had resulted
beneficially to himself.
Nearly all of the officers mentioned in
the above incidents are dead. Captain
Strong was retired as a rear-admiral in
1870, serving a brief command of the
South Atlantic squadron, and died in
1882. B. L. Edes was killed by the acci
dental explosion of a torpedo at Newport,
It. 1., August 29, 1881; De Long perished
in the Jeannette expedition July 1,1882;
Dickman resigned from the r.avy Decem
ber 31, 1871; Heyerman died last year,
and only Converse and Leary remain, tne
latter the distinguished commanding
officer of the ram Katahdin.
Jhe Origin of the Zunis.
The Zuni Indians tell a pretty story of
the origin of their race. In the beginning
there sprang up from the earth a race of
men. The race increased until it spread
Ofer all. the earth, and after existing lor
countless ages passed away again. The
earth was then devoid of human life fora
long time, or until the sun taking com
pass-ion on the earth on account of its
loneliness, sent a heavenly maiden to re
oeople it. The young goddess was called
Arizonia, signifying '-Maiden Queen."
One clay a drop of dew fell from heaven
upon Arizonia, and in due time she bore
two children — a son and a dau -hter— and
these became thii father and mother of the
Zunis, and from this tribe sprang all the
races of the earth.
A MODOC HEROINE
J\r\ Ir\diar\ Story Jhat Recalls the
Ber\ Wright Massacr
|!"%VN the Klamath reservation, in Ore
||^|&2on, there is reservation, Indian
g eon, there is living an Indian
*Lm3)7 woman, the wife of a white man
named Frank Riddle. Her name is un
familiar to the world, her history is un
known to many of those who sea her
daily.. With only the companionship of
her white-haired husband and her one
son, Jeff Riddle, she lives quietly and ob
scurely from day to day.
She was born over fifty years ago there
in the southern partof Oregon, among the
dismal lava beds. Her father was chief of
the Modocs, a man of exceptional bravery
— tall, strong and well built. They say
that he was handsome and fleet of foot;
that the women loved and the men feared
him, and that this daughter, wnom he
called Wi-ne-ma, was like him. However
that may be, it is true that when Wi-ne-ma
had reached the age of 18, Frank Riadle. a
young raa» who had left his Kentucky
home in search of rold, fell deeply in love
with her, and they were married.
Wi-ne-ma had a. ways had a strong lik
ing for the white settlers, which was not
shared by her father nor the others of her
tribe. Her marriage strengthened her re
gara for her husband's people : stie spared
no pains to keep peace and prevent blood
shed, and this, mark you, was not an easy
thing to do.
The Indians hated the white men. Their
sense of wrong was keenly developed. A
treacherous race themselves, they feared
treachery from others, and tbey looked
with disfavor upon eyery move of the new
settlers.
In 1850 a band of adventurers who had
come West for gold caused disturbance
among the Indians. A few months later
the Indians retaliated by swooping down
upon them and patting them all to death.
As an outcome of this, Ben Wright, at the
head of a number of whites, started for
Yreka fully determined to punish the In
dians forthe death of their countrymen.
The country was rough and hard to travel
over. The Indians knew every inch of the
way and they gave Ben Wright's men a
hard cba-<e. Finally they resolved to meet
together and make a treaty; a truce was
declared and the opposing parties went
into camp at some distance from each
other on Lost River.
On the morning of the day on which the
conference^yas to be held a young squaw
hurried into the camp of tt<e white men
and asked to see Ben Wright. She was a
pathetic sight as she was led bofore him.
Her feet were bare and torn by rocks, her
garments were rent, her dark hair hung
unkempt about her shoulders and her
face showed sicns of weariness.
When asked what she had to say she
hurriedly explained that her people out
numbered his, three to one. She told him
that the night before, at the council fire,
she had learned that while their fchiefs were
conferring with the wliite men they had
planned to surround the whole party and
kill them. Then Wi-ne-ma, for it was she,
refusing to remain a second longer, for
fear her people would find that she had
been there, stole away back to her lodge.
That day the white men went into am
bush and surrounded the Indians. Only
two escaped the slaughter, which is known
to history as the Ben Wright massacre.
During the years that followed the Mo
docs, like all other Indian tribes in the
West, were given a reservation and com
pelled to live thereon. They rebelled
against the loss of the wild freedom they
had enjoyed. They could not hunt, their
lands were appropriated by the hated
whites, whom they had failed to drive
out, the treaties which thay made with
the Government were repeatedly broken
and they were not strong enough to avert
the punishment* that followed.
All this time Wi-ne-ma stayed among
them. When they armed for strife 6he
took their weapons from them, and when
she herself could not calm them she
warned the settlers and orticers of the
army and sought to have the trouble
righted.
After twenty-one years had passed the
Modocs had become stron : again. There
had been small outbreaks during this
time, but apparently they were sub
dued. The older chiefs, however, had not
forgotten. The fires of revenge had b^en
only smoldering. They kept the Ben
Wright massacre with all its terrors fresh
in the minds of the younger braves. At
last they determined to even up their ac
count by slauehter.
After hostilities began the Government
sent peace commissioners 10 confer with
tbe savage«, but the latter refused to
meet them. The only while man whom
the Indians had any faith in was Judge
Elijah Sieele. Although they refused to
meet the peace commissioners, they con
sented to meet Steele and two other men
and to up their arms to them on Hie
following day. At the appoinied time
Steele and the other men were at the
place agreed upon, out there was not an
Indian in sight, so they returned to the
military camp. Steele then consented to
interview the war chief alone. He re
paired at night to the Indian camp, and
had an experience that was frightfully
unique. While Captain Jack and a few
others sat around the fire talking, part of
the time in English, to Steele on the sub
ject in hand and considering terms of sur
render—in their own language the rest of
the time they were-actuully discussing the
advisability of murdering their visitor.
Steeie understood their langunge suffi
ciently well to know what tliey were say-
Ing, but he did not betray his knowleciee,
and they finally decided to spare his life,
tbat he might bring the ofiicers and peace
commissioners to confer with them.
Colonel Meacnam, who was in charge of
the military post at the Klamath reserva
tion, had done all in his power to alleviate
the wrongs of the oppressed people. On
account of his efforts he had woii the
gratitude of Wi-ne-ma. At this time Wi
ne-ma did all in her power to per.-uade
Meacham not to go to meet t lie Indians.
When she found herself unable to restrain
him she followed on her pony.
When Meacham arrived at the appointed
place he was attacked by Sconchin, an in
furiated redskin. Wi-ne-ma threw herself
upon her countryman begging him to
spare the life of her friend. When the
other warriors cirae up she ran from one
to another, turning aside their weapons
and begging tnem not' to shoot. A bullet,
however, struct Aleacbam, rendering him
senseless. Then Wi-ne-ma declared that
he was dead to prevent hi 3 being shot
again :ind snatched the knife with which
a brave attempte 1 to scalp him. The
Indian struck her a blow, which dnzed
her. Realizing that she could no longer
control her people she bethought herself
of a last resource and cried out that the
soldiers were coming. The savages beat
a hasty retreat and soon a detachment of
troops did appear.
Wi-ne-ma nursed Meacham back to life,
although he always remained a cripple,
broken in health. She helped him to
reach his wife and family in safely, and
then returned to her husband.
The colonel never forgot ncr faithful
ness, but did all in his power to aid her
people during the remainder of his life.
After his death the brave little woman en
dured many hardships, but lately the Gov
ernment has come to her assistance and
granted her a pension of $20 a month.
Wi-ne-ma certainly has a history that any
woman might be proud of. She is the
only woman in the United States who 19
drawing a pension for so much heroism
and bravery.
And the faded calico gowns and the little
cotton shawl that she wears about her
head are not what we expect a heroine to
wear. Perhaps the lodge in which she
lives and her manner of living are not just
what we might enjoy. But Wi-ne-ma's
life has been worth the living.
Jean Morris.
The pope's Dominant J rait.
My friend, Paul Bourget, defines the
American as "a man who invariably uses
the ntwest method." This is also the
dominant trait in ihe character of Leo
XIII. Within the measure permitted
him by a heavy chain of traditions, he
does not hesitate to grasp the most
modern weapons in defense of his ancient
faith; and this deliberate boldness ex
plains his jxMichant for the American
character. But iir those very innovations
whicn most alarm his timid advisers, he
is conscious of being far less an innovator
than a restorer of forgotten traditions. He
relies upon the examples set by the great
Popes of the middle ages, who, in their
day, came rtown to the marketplace,
stirred the crowds, and led the people on
to new horizons. — Vicomte E. Melchior de
Vogile, in the Forum.
Doing Big Business Without Money
JKe Co-OperatiVe Labor Exchange Claims to fi&\?e Solved the
JMoney Problem by Dismissing JMoney Entirely
Bp^HERE is a large wholesale business
VI »? uouse down at 322 Davis street that
3*s& has done a business of $28,000 with
in the last eiijht months, wholly without
money. Nor is it in debt for one dollar.
It expects to go rieht along doing business
in exactly the same way — without money.
It has crown from a very small affair, lo
cated out on Tenth street, a year ago, to
its present healthy proportions by the
same method*, and bases its future expec
tations upon what it has accomplished. It
claini9 to have poived the "Money ques
tion" by dismissing money entirely — hav
ing nothing to do with it.
This business concern is the Labor Ex
change. It is not a mere local co-opera
tive affair. T: c Labor Exchange is a
National institution that, in spite of the
sneers and prophecies of failure that it
met at its inception and that have, fol
lowed it along its course, seems to have
reached a point where it may demand
respectful study and consideration.
The idea upon which it is founded is
WAREHOUSE OF THE BIG CO-OPERATIVE ESTABLISHMENT ON DAVIS STREET.
very f-imple. Its purpose is to employ
every man who has an opportunity to pro
duce anything by finding a market for the
product — to find some other man who
wants the product and who ha 9 some
thing to for it. It is by this
means that the use of money is dispensed
with.
It is worked in thi3 way. A shoemaker,
for instance, wants a barrel of flour. He
eets to work and makes a whole lot of
shoes of the value of the thing he wants,
takes ihem to the exchange and receives
the flour, if ho wants something that is
not in the exchange — for instance, if he
wants a new set of teeth— he is given a
check or checks of the value of
the product he leaves there, and
goes away to some dentist who
belongs to the exchange and who therefore
will accept the;checks for his work. The
dentist is not required to take the shoes
in exchange for his work — the check 3 will
be accepted at the exchange for anything
there in stock. Xor is the dentist even
limited to this. These checks are ac
cepted by a score or more of other busi
ness houses in almost every line of trade,
so widely has the movement spread.
So that Labor Exchange checks are com
ing into general circulation and serving
not merely as a substitute, but in some
respects as an improvement upon money.
They are an improvement to the extent
that they serve all the purposes in lacili
tating exciiange without being subject to
taxation.
That question lias been raised at Wash
ington—the institution has reached such
proportions as to have forced attention at
Washington— and the Attorney-General
declared that inasmuch as the checks were
not redeemable in legal tender they could
not be taxed.
No, ttiat ia just the difference. Every
check of the Labor Exchange found in
circulation represents some product of
labor. They are redeemable In labor or
the product of labor and nothing else.
That is the whole scheme.
Th« leaders in the Labor Exchange
inovemant are fond of telling a story that
illustrates their theory or pian as wt 11 as
anything can. The people of the island
of Guernsey felt the need of a big market
place. They did not have the capital to
put up the necessary building, and it was
proposed in their Council to issue bonds,
send a commission to Paris to sell them
ami with the capital so raised do the thing
they desired. The Governor of Guernsey,
however, was a longheaded fellow and
something of a new-fangled financier him
self. He said:
"If you wish to build a market for the
French people that is the very thing to do.
If you wish to build a market for your
selves it is a very foolish thing."
"But how are we to build the market?"
said the Councilors. "We have no
money."
"You have plenty of men to do the
work, have you?"
"Oh, yes; there are many laborers who
need employment,'' they said.
'You have the timber necessary and
the stone and other, materials on the
island?"
"Oh, yen; plenty of it."
"Then why not go to work and build
it? You have all that is necessary. Why
go in debt to the French people for what
you yourselves have? See, if you borrow
the money to put up this building you
will have to do all the work just the same
aud when it 13 finished you will not own
it. More than that you will have to pay
interest on the debt. That will consume
a large part of the revenues of the build
ing when finished, so it may never be paid
for. Instead of issuing interest-bearing
bonds, which other people will gladly ac
cept, why not i>sue notes without interest
and accept them yourselves? The notes
may be made acceptable by the town for
rent in the market when it is ready for
business and in this way will redeem
themselves."
The Governor's advice was taken, the
market-house was the notes cir
culated at par during the process and
afterward until they all Gnally found their
way into the town treasury. The market
ho'ise ha.l been built and paid for with
out the employment of money or without
the payment of one cent of interest.
This is the plan upon which the Labor
Exchange is working. It has met with
great difficulties, chief of which is doubt
as to the possibility of getting its scheme
en a stable footing. As it grows this
doubt dissolves, of course, before the proof
furnished. Branches are being established
all over the country, and especially in the
West. There are nourishing branches in
this State at Fresno, Ventura, Red Bluff,
Yisalia, Bnkersfield, Tulare, Banta Maria,
Eureka, Plat", Carpenteria, • Santa Paula
San Diego, StocKton, Oakdale and adozen
other places.
These exchange all. manner of goods
with each other. There are snch things
as socks and cigars from as distant a
point as Reading, Pa., at the Davis-street
Exchange, broom handles from away at
New Whatcom, Wash., fruit extracts from
Fresno, as well as fruit from as far south
as San Diego. A consignment of shirts
and overalls is being negotiated for with a
branch in Ohio. A lot of dried fruit was
yesterday shipped to Idaho Falls, Idaho,
in exchange for port, ana groceries were
sent to Armona. in Kings County, in ex
change for dried fruit.
The branch at Red Bluff is putting up a
spicemill, the branch at Los Angeles is
puttinc up a shoe factory and the branch
at Olathe, Ksns., is building a gristmill.
The branch at Salem, Or., is a step in
advance of ail the others and indicates
the high-water mark of a movement of
which the Boston Transcript rr cently said :
Under the surface of all this storm over
silver and gold, there Is in progress a remark
able movement which probably not one Bos
tonian in a thousand has ever heard of, and
which tnreatens to absorb utterly in a few
years all labor and financial and social reform
movements. It is ihe Labor Exchange.
These organizations have undertaken to
build a railroad on exactly the plan upon
which the people of Guernsey built their
market-house. Subscriptions of $100,000,
noi in dollars, but in land, materials and
provender, have been subscriDed.and these
will be pledged for the rails and rolling
stock, things that cannot be secured with
the exchange checks. All the labor, the
ties, etc.. will be paid for with these
checks, which will be accepted for traffic
charges when the road is completed. The
road to be built is a strip twenty-five miles
long, extending into the prolific farming
country of the Willamette V r alley.
The movement will shortly be amplified
by the issuance of checks against real
estate for what improvements may be
made upon it by labor. In other words, a
member of the exchange owning a Jot
may have a house built upon it by other
members, who will accept the real-estate
checks. The r>lan is that of the building
and loan association carried on without
money — and without interest. The checks
would be issued by the exchange and
made partly redeemable by it for proven
der. The house, being built, would be
owned by the exchauge— that is, by every
member of it. The rent from it (pre
sumably paid by the man having it built)
would be paid into the exchange until it
amounted to the sum of iis cost. Then a
deed would be given to the new owner —
exactly the Guernsey transaction over
again.
This feature of the movement will not
be developed before spring. The man
ager of the big store or exchange of branch
26 at 322 Davis street is Henry Wartield,
who has been attached 10 the movement
since its introduction la this City less
than two years ago. The heart of the
Labor Exchange movement is G. de Bar
dini of Independence, Mo. In a boos pub
lished in 1889 be explained his theory. It
was taken up by some workers at Paff
town, who started a brick works by the
simple issuance of their own checks. The
brick works are going yet in a full flood
of prosperity, the only chance in their
plan being a substitution of the checks of
the central exchange, which has since or
| ganized. The success of this initial un
dertaking has been repealed in nearly
every State of the Union, and the move
ment keeps growine until, as stated by
the Boston Transcript, it bids fair to ab
sorb all other labor reforms.
A meeting is to be held tbis evening at
Fraternity Hull, Pythian Castle. 909
Market street, under the auspices of branch
26, at wi ich I. S.Clark, the State organ. zer.
will make a report of the result of his
travels for the past year through the State
and explain the present status of the
movement in the West. The meeting
will be an open one, the public being
welcome.
Jallcst Schoolboy or\ Earth.
He is the largest boy on earth, that is of
his age, of course.
He has lived sixteen years on this man
dane sphere, and in that time he has at
tained the height of 6 feet 6 inches, and
weighs 180 pounds.
Notoniy that, Dut he keeps on growing
and gaining in weight, and every day adds
something to his gigantic stature.
This wonderful young man is a native
of San Bernardino, where he still lives,
and where he attends the public schools.
His name is Mervyn Newberg, and he
resides with his parents, who are well-to
do citizens of this place.
Mervyn always was very large, even as
a very young boy ; but at the asre of twelve
he began to gain in weight and stature so
rapidly that it was said you could almost
see him grow. Now when he passes to
and from school with his classmates, peo
ple who are strangers in the town turn
and stare at him in uiter amazement, for
his face betrays his youshfulness.
But Mervyn is not only large physic
ally, but mentally he is surprising. There
is not a better student in the schools. He i
is not only the wonder and admiration of^
his schoolmates, but a continual surprise
and pleasure to his instructors. Unlike
most physical wonders, his brain is of
tine quality and extremely active.
Altogether the world should hear of
this young man before long, and not
through advertisements of a freak show
man either.Odd Pets of Our Society People
Tke Feminize Mir\d ir\ Sar\ Frar\cisco Inclines to Birds, Gats ar\d
Small Dogs as a Qerxeral Jkir\g
years ago there appeared in a i
P°P u ' ar magazine Borne verses on !
the subject of pets. The title, as
remembered, was "The Girl for Me"; the
argument that although various animals I
were petted by various young women, j
who thereby showed their kindhearted- j
ness and general amiability, there was i
only one kind of a pei the possession of !
»vhich proved its owner to be endowed !
with all womanly charms and virtues.
Dogs, cats, parrots and canaries were all
very well, the poet declared, but only a
damsel who petted "the gentle gazelle"
could hope to win his heart. Were that
poet in San Francisco to-iiay his heart ■
must needs remain in his own keeping, ;
since diligent inquiry has failed to dis- j
cover such an animai among our city's j
many pets. The feminine mind here, as i
elsewhere, inclines to birds, cats and small
dogs, as a general thing; the masculine 1
to horses and the larger varieties of the j
genus canis, and "the bright gazelle with
its silvery feet" is not apparently in de- !
mand.
The day of the English pug— the corpu
lent snarly-noted little fellow, with the !
shoulder-brace and double Alsatian bow i
attachment— has pone by. Heis no longer '
fashionable, and although he may still be
cherished by a few fond hearts, his siock
has gone down much below par among
bis whilom society Iriends. In his place j
now appears the pretty little Japanese
spaniel, miscalled the Japanese pue, and
no one in town has a more charming spe
cimen of this breed than Miss Jennie
Blair. Miss Blair is noted among her
friends for her discriminating fondness
for dogs, and she o«fns only such as are of
most aristocratic lineage. Her dogs are \
all perfectly trained, but there are no j
"tricks" in their course of study. They;
are pets pure and simple, and live their j
lives freely and happily, repaying their |
mistress' kindness by the most devoted i
attachment. Two of Miss Blair's dogs, a |
Yorkshire terrier and a Maltese poodle,
have died recently, but there are four re
maining, of which a Yorkshire terrier, im
ported three months since, is perhaps the
most notable. Shamrock is said to be the
finest animal of his kind now in thiscoun- j
try, and is a beautiful creature, weighing '.
only four and three-quarter pounds, and j
possessed of a pedigree as long as "Me- j
Cleish's ac dochter." Of her two re- !
markably fine Cocker spaniels, Jill and
Prince, Jill is specially noted for her ami- j
abiity and intelligence, but Shika, the lit
tie Japanese, is nearly as much of a favor
ite. Shika, wnich means "dear," is one
of the smallest and most valuable of her \
extremely aristocratic family. She seems ;
well aware that she is a dog "of high de
gree" and holds her comical little wrin
kled nose high in air accordingly, though
she is susceptible to flattery and graciously
condescending in her manners.
Dr. Arthur T. Regensburger divides h is
surplus affections between his 'ceilo and
his dog?. Some of the best St. Bernard
puppies on the coast have come from the
genial doctor's kennels and he makes pets
of every one of them as long as they are in
his possession. Mrs. Regensburger's spe
cial pet is a pretern^turaliy lively fox
terrier named Doc. Doc is a vocalist, but
in a umall way, as his repertoire is limi;eJ
ROBERT TAYLOR'S FAVORITE CANINE.
to one composition, "Rastus on Parade."
Whenever the strains of this one melody
fall Opon his ear he sits down and lifting
his muzzle heavenward howls with all his
small might, but no other selection wakes
h re-ponsive chord within his breast.
This fact in his puppy head was the means
of restoring him to home and friend?.
Having been lost or stolen he was, after
more tnan a month's absence, brought to
his owners for identification, but he had
changed so much that they were unable
to positively claim him. After puzzling
for a time the doctor played several musi
cal fragments upon the piano and th-n
Btruck into the air of "Rastus.' The
effect was immediate and the identifica
tion made at once absolute, for the poppy
began to '•sing" with great vigor and en
thusiasm, oniy desisting when the music
changed to a different theme.
Irish Duke, R. B. Taylor's fine Iri«h
water spaniel, is as great a pet at home as
lie is an attraction at the bench shows.
When given to Mr. Taylor a year ago he
was stigmatized a.« "vicious and danger
ous," out as his new owner's family made
a friend and companion of him, instead of
rr-lejnling him to the kennels, they soon
won his heart completely. He-is still un
social with strangers, iiowever, and is
almost insanely jealous of Sancho, his
master's famous marsh dog. who returns
the feeling with interest. Sancho is a
most gentle and affectionate creature, who
wears his honors modestly and makes
friends wherever he goes. The two dogs
rarely quarrel, but detest each other
thoroughly. Peggy, a seven-month-old
puppy of Duke's and an infant prodigy in
her way, acts as peace-mater, for, oddly
enough, they are always civil to each
other in her company, and take a mutual
pleasure in watching her gambols and
submitting to her youthful caprices.
Mrs. Homer King's Captain Jinks is a
vociferous, vivacious and well nigh übi
quitous young fox terrier, who has already
won local fame by his pleasing personality
and many "cute" ways. He hv son terms
of warmest friendship with Tiger, Mr«.
King's beautiful striped cat. Tiger is a
giant among his kind, as he weighs neariy
eeventeen pounds, and, though his mis
tress says he "is just a plain plebeian cat,''
he is certainly one to be proud of. He
lias a lordly air of owning the entire
establishment, and, though dignifiediy
fond of the whole family, especially dis
tinguishes Mrs. Edgerton, Mrs. King's
sister, with his regard.
Miss Ina I). Coolbrith, the poet, though
credited with the ownership of several
dozen cats, in reality owns but two, both j
wonders of feline pulchritude. Calla.who i
has reached the extremely advanced age,
for a cat, of "sweet sixteen," is a pure
blooded Angora. Her coat, which is as
soft and hue and white as dandelion
down, is four inches long on her back and
s lie?, and her tail is a marvel of plumy
beauty. She has a remarkably pretty
kittenish face, with very larga eyes, a
short nose and the small round ears of
her aristocratic race. Originally from the
famous Johnson collection, sh»i was given
to Miss Coolbrith by Mrs. J. H. Boalt
twelve years since, and has from the first
evinced toward her gentle mistress the
most warm and devoted affection. Calmly
dignified in manner, oainty in her ways
and discriminating in her friendships — a
veritable "lady cat" in every way— Calla
has yet one fault: she is jealous, and of
her own son. A caress bestowed upon
Beauty in her presence renders her
wretched. Though sue is unselfishly
willing to share food and cushion with
him, she openly resents any special
kindness shown him by her human
friend?. Beauty, a "kitten" still, despite
his ten years of existence, is, like
most half-breed Angoras, extremely
deaf. He is very large, has a
close white fur and more than his share
of masculine vanity, since he delights in
presenting himself for inspection when
ever a stranger is within Miss Coolbrith's
hospitable gates, with an air of self-sat
isfaction which is delightfully abmrd. If
the expected praise be not forthcoming
his expression of chagrin is as UDmistak
able as it is laughable. Miss Coolbrith's
only other pet is a canary, remarkable
both for his sweet singing and retentive
memory. Over a year ago his mate died,
and a lady, of whom he had formerly been
very fond, removed her body from the
cace and carried it away. From that time
Sweetheart has shown the greatest ani
mosity toward his whilom friend and re
fuses to be placated. Amiability itsell
toward all his other acquaintances this
pinch of yellow feathers manifests actual
hatred toward this one person. If she
speaks to him he replies with shrill cries
of rage, and if she approaches him he
beats himself against the wires and pecks
at her in a paroxysm of furious anjer.
He evidently accused her of having made
a*vay with his companion and has neither
forgiven nor forgotten the fact.
', "Buster Dickinson," a prize Maltese cat,
; has the good fortune to belong to Mrs. I.
8. Dickinson (Hester A. Benedict), and has
j known neither a care nor a sorrow during
his twelve years of life. He wears a silver
collar, sits in a high chair at the table
when no guests are present, waits for grace
and then eats his food from his special
china plate with daintiness and decorum.
He hates only one person in the world,
and that is a harmless and necessary den
j tist who looks after the well-being of his
I teeth. Buster's favorite seat is on a cor
' ncr of his mistress' writing-desk, when
; she is engaged in Jiterary work, and one
i of the many pleasures of his happy life is
'. tv have her read aloud to him.
One of the most accomplished parrots
in the whole country is the property of
Mrs. M. J. Scorffy, and owes his education
entirely to her. He wa3 brought from
Panama iour years ago, when a mere
nestling, and ha; from the first shown re
markable aptitude and intelligence. He
repeats almost everything he hears, and
seems to really understand the meaning of
the many words in his vocabulary, as heap
plies them to circumstances and occasions
in a way which is fairly startling to persons
accustomed to parrots that speak only by
rote. Besides possessing all the usual
accomplishments of his kind this wonder
lul bird spells his own name, "Romeo,"
also "cat" and "dog" and other simple
words, and sets right any one who spells
them incorrectly. He knows all his
friends by name and welcomes them
cordially when they call upon him,
while he revives strangers with dignified
affability. While Romeo's conversational
and imitative powers are actually phe
nomenal his musical achievements are
almost unbelievable, as he sings the air
and words of at least a dozen song?.
"Polly Hopkins," "Ta-ra-ra Boom-de-ay,"
"Dry Your Ey«s," "Don't Cry in Van,"
"Come Love, Come," "Little Brown Jug,"
"You Shan't Play in My Yard," "The
Bowery" and "A Bicycle Built for Two"
are some of the gems of 1m repertoire, and
he sing? the stanzas without a break in
lines or melody, concluding each selection,
however, with a triumphant "Hip, hip,
hooray for Romeo!" On pleasant day-
Uomeo uives ,rom the veranda a fres enter
tainment to admiring audiences. Persons
come irotn all parts of the City to Taylor
btreet and Broadway to listen to him and
he is always "ready to oblige." Romeo's
diet is restricted to corn, unleavened
bread, sweetened black coffee and plenty
of clean gravel. Occasionally he is given
a nut, a lump of sugar and a red pepper
pod, but water and fruit are absolutely in
terdicted. He gets a light shower bath,
and has his feet manicured regularly, and
is as happy, good-tampered and healthy
as he is intellectual.
J. T. Flood's special pets are monkeys,
of which he now has over thirty in an
ideal monkey-bouse recently built on hi<
beautiful place at Alma. Many rare and
valuable animals are in ihis collection
and they are all on the best of terms with
their owner, who finds much amusement
in watching their comically solemn ways.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
Professor Jordan also makes a specialty
of studying, and incidentally petting,
these queer little creatures, and many
specimens of different varieties partake of
his hospitality from time to time.
Mayor Phelan says, tersely and decided
ly, that he "has no pets." Now an office
holder possessed of any patronaae who
has no "pets" whatever is certainly sui
generis, but the statement is encouraging,
since it augur 9 the strictest impartiality
in the administration of municipal affairs
for the next two years.
Fiorknck Percy Matheson.
JWo Jtamir\atior\s.
TART I.
The wives of men who have embarked
i upon the turbulent waters of public life
are like the fishermen's wives of N'or
| uiandy, always standing upon the shore
j with a constant apprehension and fearof
a gathering storm, and when the storm
comes expectation darkens into anxiety,
anxiety into dread, and dread into despair.
There was once a little home in my city,
around whose humble hearthstone there
centered every comfort, joy and happiness
this life can give.
The breadwinner of this sacred circle
was a man whose genial, generous and
gentle nature broueht sunshine to his fire
side and a coveted companionship to his
friends.
MRS. HOMER KING'S "CAPTAIN JINKS."
He was a magnificent specimen of young
manhood, and as the tender vine will en
twine itself around the branches of a
sturdy oak, so did the affections of his lit lie
wife cling around his i:eart, and the
flowers that blossomed from their -love
were two little buds of humanity, a girl
and a boy.
The slightest cloud had never shown
itseif above the horizon of their happi
ness, until one day it came in the shape of
a political nomination for office.
The first ventnre was a success, so far
as the achievement of a victory went, but
so far as it concerned the peace and com
fort of that little home, and its contents,
it was a failure from the iirst.
Uncertain coming took the place of punc
tuality, irregular habits interfered with
home enjoyment and discipline, unreason
able demands by unreasonable people at
unreasonable hours turned the tide at the
front door from social intercourse to selfish
intercession. With peace disturbed, pri
vacy denied, comforts sacrificed and inde
pendence crushed, is it any wonder that
this poor, once happy wife and mother
should realize the first stage of her sorrow
—expectation darkening into anxiety.
It was but little further before these con
INA COOLBRITH'S ANGORA CAT.
MRS. DICKINSON'S PET CAT, "BUSTER."
stant calls upon her tolerance, together
with another term of office to seek, turned
anxiety into dread. And when, as a cli
max, defeat came, followed by debt and
loss of home, sorrow had filled the cup to its
brim, and the last stage was reached, when
dread darkened into despair — and such
despair ! The magnificent specimen of man
hood is now keeping a saloon, and bis wife
and children living a life without happi
ness or hope.
TART 11.
Life's compensation, ofter all, estab
lishes an average that is fair.
The doleful story just related is offset by
another one, for on the opposite side of
the street is the home of a man wlio
started life where the other ended, in a
saloon, and yet to-day stands respected,
honored, reve-ed in his community and
among his fellow-men.
From a wretched doggery on the water
front, he has persevered, worked, studied
and employed politics to the end which
has given him respectability, wealth and
renown.
On his way up he met the other going
down, both on the same path, but going in
different directions: one to fame and for
tune, the other to infamy and misfortune.
Where politics elevated the one it ruined
the other; to one it brought sobriety, to
the other intemperance; to the one it in
spired an. ambition to a higher life, the
other it dragged down to a lower; to one
political life meant a healthier growth, to
the other it was poisonous; to one a bless
in?, to the other a curse. What to the
wife and children of one was a shipwreck
at sea, to the wife and children of the
other was a voyage of profit to a new and
bounteous clime. Thus in politics as in
everything else in this life do we find com
pensations well averaged.
Jttdsoh Brusie.
A Russian physician asserts that the
pain of neuralgia, if superficial, can be re
lieved at once by throwing a beam of lischt
from a bright arc light upon the affected
part.
Russia is stated to make the best isin
glass. It is obtained from the giant stur
geon, which inhabits the Caspian Sea.
California Naturalist at Large
Idyls of Forests and Fields— Qlorious Jramps ir\ the Hills— Birds
Returning to JKeir Last Year's Nests
MaOW that the days are growing
X balmy and springlike, the influx
3 of Sunday trampers into the hills
has begun. lam sure it is a higl:
human impulse, this one that sends
men and women natureward when the
growths of field and stream and forest are
young and tender. It is a pait of that
inherent wisdom of the race that warns
us to lift up our eyes to the hill?. A good
part of our human strength comes thence.
A eood part of human life lies there.
If it be not true that the same life that
; ih in us is also, in kind, throughout all
1 nature, then I see no reason why human
beings should take any interest in nature
or feel any sympathy with her processes.
The ancient wise one is, indeed, for our
use, for our help ana upbuilding, only it
behooves us humans to learn, ere we visit
her, the difference between use and appro
priation. The things of nature are not
ours. They are only for us. That which
we can use we may take, freely, but
nature' 3 anathema is upon those imper
fectly humanized beings who cannot use,
who can only appropriate and vandalize
that which they cannot understand, to
which their finer perception is blind and
deiif and, having nothing to express,
dumb.
Something of this sort passed through
my mind as, climbing the mountain in
the wake of a party of tramp?rs — young
wen and maidens — I came upon not one
or two but five demolished birds' nests,
wantonly torn from their anchorage and
left by the pathway. Fortunately, they
were all last year's nests, though I ques
tion if the human depredators knew it,
and I knew that no one of the wrecks
represented some feathered Rachel mourn
ing, comfortless; but none the less I felt
indignant at the unnecessary vandalism.
It would bs a comparatively easy mat
ter to depopulate our woods of their
feathered denizens. The birds are the
most intelligent of all the woodland
creatures, not because of their naturally
greater brain endowment, but because
there are no other creatures subject to so
many dangers, and the constant presence
of peril has made them wary and clever.
These happy, singing, winged morsels of
feathers and flesh lead lives of ceaseless
MRS. SCOOFFY'S PARROT.
anxiety. The building of a nest is under
taken in questioning and with grave con
sideration. The location must be sheltered
from rude winds tbat might tear it down
or toss the nest's infant occupants out.
The wee cradle must be hidden from the
sharp eyes of climbing snakes. It must
be sheltered from the depredations of the
chattering, egg-loving squirrels and the
attacks of feathered cannibals, and to our
shame, be it said, it must be placed safely
out of reach of human beings, who, en
dowed beyoml all other created things
with the power to appreciate and enjoy
all for which the birds stand, are the
most dangerous foes the little creatures
know. It is one of the rarest occurrences
in nature when a bird dies a natural
death, yet they perish annually by hun
dreds of thousands.
To take a last year's bird's nest for pur
poses of study is not an unpardonable
thing, provided you are sure the nest is
not one o' birds whose habit it is to re
turn each year to their old home. There
are birds who do this season alter season,
and whether one has any more right
to such a nest than he has to the dwelling
of his next-door neighbors, who have
taken a winter's flitting, is a question each
must settle for himself.
More birds return to their last season's
nests than wo have any idea of. I know a
great tree beside a jolly little stream that
bears on one down-drooping branch an
oriole's nest that has been occupied for
three seasons by what appear to be the
same two birds. There is something im
pressivs in the thought of the loyal little
pair who traverse the trackless sky path
year after year from their winter haunts
to seek this low-swung home, rear their
young brood and disappear again for an
other season. The nest, too, is a wonder
ful sort of thing. I have studied it again
and again, lying on the bank with my
field glass leveled at it. The canny build
ers have wound a long cord deftly about
several small drooping branches, so as to
form a sort of rough basket, and in and
out of the meshes thus formed they have
woven horsehair, cotton and feathers un
til the whole forms a strong, light, well
ventilated swinging cradle, where a fairy
child might rock and slumber in perfect
security.
One of the nests I found by the wayside
is that of the brown towhee, one of our
commonest California birds. The towhee
stays with us the year through and is gen
erally called the ground robin. He is a
plain, brown, monkish-looking bird with
a touch of pale red on breast and belly.
You catch a glimpse of this as he flits his
lonp, restless tail and it serves to identify
the bird. He is not gifted in song, but
when excited or angry gives vent to a
sharp, cat-like cry that has won for him
the name of "the Western catbird." He
can sing, however, when he is in love and
on wooing bent. All birds sing then, and
he may also be heard just before a rain
storm warbling very softly among the
bushes. Plain though his coat, the to
whee is a sleek, neat little feilow, with a
particularly clever-lookine, pretty head.
One of the most winsome birds of our
DR. REGENSBURGER'S PETS.
winter season is the little Oregon junco,
who corresponds to the snowbird of th«
North and the East. With the exception
of the titmouse I know no bird, not even
the fearless little goidfincn, who is so
frank and friendly. I have had one actu
ally pick up seeds from between my feet
as I sat upon the ground, thrilling all
through with delight at the near approach
of the trusting morsel in feathers. They
are very pretty birds, with shining black
heads and necks, backs of olivaceous
brown, and ashy breasts, just shading to
pink along the sides. Tne two outer
feathers each side of the tail are white
and show conspicuously as the bird flies,
making a capital identilication mark.
They have, also, stout, knowing-looking
little yellow bills. The junco does not
nest with us, but leaves late in February
for the colder mountain regions.
I saw a group of them on a bare swamp
willow the other day, going through a se
ries of maneuvers that would have done
credit to a militia company. First the
whole corps, a score or more, after what
seemed like a game of follow-the-leader,
lined up on one branch of the willow,
while on a twig before them perched a
single bird, evidently a full-grown male,
tor he was larger than the others, and
more distinctly plumaged. There was a
great preening of feathers, a stretching of
wings and a nibbing of breasts and then,
presto, as if at some preconcerted signal,
every bird suddenly left the perch,
wheeled into line and the entire company
flew in a perfect inverted V across the
field. There was not a single straggler.
They rose in air as one bird and formed
without an instant's hesitation. Appar
ently they were practicing for longer
flight.
The joyous little goldfinch, called here
abouts the California canary, is alread}'
with us. At least the male birds are here,
although they have not yet got their new
spring suits. They will have them, how
ever, before the ladies arrive, and then
will begin one of the sweetest of the re
curring idyls of springtime. The wild
canary is a fascinating little lover, so ar
dent, so tender, so eager to win his lady' 3
smiles, which she, cunning one, appa
rently bestows not lightly. He must sing
to her long and sweetly his wild, charm
ing, canary-like song. He must invite her
consideration of eligible nesting sites, of
which he has probably been making a
study during his days of bachelor wait
ing. If none of these avail he will sit half
an hour at the time a disconsolate, hud
dled little bunch, pathetically posed in
plain sight of the scornful fair one, con
sidering what His next move shall be.
Then, a3 if pulling himself together
with a warning injunction against faint
heartedness, he will begin all over and go
through his little programme with re
newed vivacity and tenderness. If, how
ever, his wooing is in vain and the cap
tious little hen goes off, as she sometimes
will, with a final rejecting flirt of the tail,
it has never seemed to me that the feath
ered wooer took his defeat very seriously
to heart. Birds are by nature philosophers,
apparently, and too thoroughly settled
in the order of their lives not to be easily
consoled.
There is a great satisfaction in knowing
the identity of the birds one meets during
a day's ramble; in calling by name the
blossoms that greet one in field and can
yon, or in recognizing the little creeping
things that quick eyes see on every side.
Any one who raises his eyes in the woods
from the barrels of his gun may see the
down - drooping redwoods and know
they are not oaks, or detect the difference
between the twisted manzanita and little
robin - run - the -hedge, with its clinging
tendrils, but it this is the extent of his
woodcraft he is poor indeed. To see the
first small swelling of bare brown stems,
before the leaf buds break the bark; to
note, with no pang of regret, the swift
leaps of the fleeing rabbit across the open ;
to name the birds, without a gun, and to
find excuse for loitering beneath every
tree, beside every moss-grown rock, are
the real delights of seeing nature in her
haunts.
I came recently with a party of tramp
ersto an open space among the chaparral
on the crest of a chain of foothills. The
leader of the party motioned silence and
stood spellbound with parted lips anil
smiling, delighted eyes, gazing at a flock
of quail quietly making their way through
the grass. There must have been forty of
the alert, beautiful birds, plump and shin
in?, with glossy feathers stirring in tha
breeze and crested heads proudly, fear
lessly held high.
"Did you ever see anything so beauti
ful?" whispered their discoverer. But the
Nimrod of the party wrung his gunles3
hands and groaned: "What a shot 1 oh,
what a shot !"
I tell you the first man went down to
his house justified, rather than the other.
Washington's Weddirvg Day.
When the heart of a nation is torn and riven,
When the prayers of a people in one stream
roll,
Out from the silence an answer is given-
Then cometh the Leader, the masterful soul.
Let the faith of the world like a star be steady;
Let no man question God's might and power ;
For heroes arise when their work is ready,
And patriots come at the needed hour.
So Washington came. While a king derided,
And wise men sneered, and the old world
laughed,
He stood at the helm and safely guided
Through blood-red billows fair freedom's
craft.
Oh, frail was the bark, and the wild waves
bruised her;
The mad sea lashed her in cruel sport;
But strong was the heart and the hand that
cruised her
Past rocky reefs to the peaceful port.
The world hears much of the warlike doings
Of famous heroes on fields of strife,
But why not sing of their lovings and woi>
ings
Since love is the mightiest force in life?
The day of his birth no man remembers;
Tne day of his death no man can say;
But the heart of a man shall burn to embers
Before he forgets his wedding day.
He who is boldest where cannons thunder
Is soonest to soften at woman's charms.
And the tenderest hearts hide olttimes under
The brawny bosom that carry arms.
And he who held as a priceless treasure
The freedom wrenched from a tyrant's hand
We find was slave of a woman's pleasure
And wearing her felters at love's command.
We need but look and we see them standing
Like a picture flung out by the vitascope.
The queenly bride, and the groom command
ing,
Both with the dower of youth and hope.
My lady is gowned in stately fashion;
My lord has buckles at toe and knee;
Their hearts are warm with the fire of pas
sion,
As the hearts of a bride and groom should
be.
The vows are given, the service is over;
There's the clank of a sword as it swings
aside,
While the powdered head of tli3 CMirtly lover
Bends low and he kisses his now-made bride.
Ah! long ago was tnat famous marriage,
Yet we see tne groom in iris tout ot blue,
As he moves away with a soldierly carriage,
And we catch a glimpse ol my lady's shoe.
Like the last grand note of a song that is
ended,
Is a gifted man. As the record runs.
The race oi our hero has not descended—
Great souls give deeds to the worM, not sont.
He stands fot himself. Or father or mother
Or son or daughter or pedigree,
What were they all? It is he, no other,
Washington, Washington, whom we see.
Yes, one other; we sec beside him
The love-crowned queen of his manly heart.
She who ever could lead and guide him
With a woman's tact and with Cupid's art.
The one sweet clause in life's sad story
Is love. Ah, my lord, and my lady. I knovr
You found it better than all jour glory-
Could you speak through space, you would
tell me so!
Ella Wiieelek Wilcox.
1920
Society
CONCERT parlies and the dance on Tues
day evening at the l'residio have been
tho all-absorbi'ig topics ot conversation
In the smart set during the past week.
There have been theater parties galore.
Quite the largest on Tuesday evening were the
ones given by Mrs. Hager and Mayor Phclan.
For the coming wee* weddings will rule
supreme. On Tuesday will be celebrated the.
nuptials oi Miss Teen Goodall and Hugo Keil.
The ceremony will take place at 8:30 P. M. at
t lie Uoodall residence, corner of Pierce an-1
McAllister streets. Miss Nellie Boyd is to be
the maid of honor and Kdward Kell best man.
Wedding bells will chime merrily on
Wednesday. At noon Miss Lizzie Carroll and
William K. Whittier are to be married. The
wedding is to be an extremely quiet one, only
immediate relatives being asked. Notwith
standing the limited number of iuviteil
guests, it is to be au extremely elaborate
affair.
Yellow is to be th^ prevailing tone o! tiie
decorations— paie yellow of the shade that
tints the heart of the orange blossom.
Archbishop Riordan is to i erform the cere
mony. Miss Gertrude Carroll, sister of the
bride, is to be maid oi honor, and Miss Julia
Crocker and Romle Wallace tne bridesmaids.
Milton Latham is to be the best ma.i
On Wednesday evening the nuptials oi Miss
Martha Shainvrald an i Leopold Meyers «;:l
be solemnized at the < oloniaL The ceremony
will be private and will be followed by a re
ception, for which several hundred iuv:ta
tions have been issued.
Another Wednesday ceremony will be that
oi Miss Eppinger and i>r. Sharp. They will be
married at S o'clock at the residence ol the
I parents, on Octavia street.
Mrs. Stanford will give a reception at her
home on California greet on Tues lay
noon, between the hoars of 3 and <i. compli
mentary to Bishop and Mrs. J. V. Newman.
Another reception oa i ;.e-.l ..> will be the
one tendered by tbe Laurel Hall Club to Mrs.
Lowenberß, their president.
Friday t'ormightty Club will give a
mask-and-doiiiino party next Friday evening
at Lunt's Hall. Only members ki!i be present.
Mrs. K. Joseph will give a ball in the Maple
Room of the Palace Hoiel on Saturday even
ing, January 30, in honor of her daughter,
Miss Nellie Joseph.
The wedding of Mi-« Mollie G. Hntchinson
and Kriiest C. Peixotto will lake pl«ce in New
,:.m)u Sondftv*, January 31. Tne bride
elect and her parents, Mr. »u:.i Mrs. T. R.
Hutchinson, will leave t>!iVlainl this evening
loi Se« ' Orleans,
Thomas McCaleb of New York gave an
elaborate dinner party last Wednesday even
ing in tbe Red Kooin nt the Bohemian Club in
honor oi SCr.aad.Mrs. William F. Burden of
New York, \. ho are here on c pleasure trip.
Tne room whs decorated with flowers ar.d
plants in exquisite taste. A string orchestra
played throuehout the evening. Those in
vited to meet Mr. aiul Mrs. Burden were:
Mrs. C. A. Spreckels, Miss May Hoffman, Miss
Alice C. Hcrt'maii. Miss Jennie Biair, Mlsa
• lenefieve <ioad, Edward M. Greenway, Lieu
tenant \\. L. Capps, t . S. N., Ernest A. Wiltsee
and l.awsuu S. Aaams.
Last evening K. Dupern gave a thenter party
at the Orpheum, < tary to Miss Lizzie
Carroll and W. R. *V li i i tier." Mrs. Carroll
chaperoned the party, numbering fourteen.
A supper at the University «. lub followed.
marriage 01 M iss Sadf e Hyman, laughter
of Mrs. M. Hyman, who resides at the Hotel
Richelieu, and Wilfred Lawrence Mack will
take place at the ballroom ol the San Francisco
Verein, corner of Po>t and Leavenworth
Btreets, ou Wednesday, February 3, at noon.
'1 be uiui.i oi honor w AI he Miss Ajnes Hyman,
a sister of the bride, and Eugene Koru will l>e
the beat man. Tne intended groom if & brother
ii Adolph MactE oi tiie linn oi Mack it Co., and
another brother is J. J. M&cK, president oi the
Ba » (Baker;
Oi • 'lahnrnte euchre parties of
Mr, b'.iU Mrs. Jefferson
Janiea at their res lden< c, 2131 Howard street,
on Wednesday evening. 1a« entire house was
artistically decorated with smilax. La France
rose- .. :is.
Mrs. James waa assisted in receiving her
gueat* by her daughter, Mrs. Walker C. Graves,
and Mr. Graves. Tne La Dies were plnced in
the large parlors and in the reception-room on
tli« urn in rt vt. Wheu the guests had all
arrived the game was started.
t a^exciting contest the prizes were
awarded to* the .successful players. The first
A Woman's Whist League.
San Francisco was the first City in the United
States to admit women into their wbistclubs.
It was also the firsi City in the United States
to Ctfcally demonstrate the fact that
women could play whist as well, if not better, !
than men.
The first club that wts admitted into the
American Whist League with lady members j
came from this City. To-day we can select!
twenty-five or fifty ladies in this City
and Oakland that can defeat the same
number of men, and give them the whole
State to select from. If the time has now
come for the formation of a woman's league
it will have our hearty indorsement, and no
doubt the help of ail whist clubs on the Pacific j
Coast Eugene B. Elliott, whom the whist '
world looks upon as the lather and founder of i
The American Whist League, writes on the j
subject as follows:
Milwaukee. Wis., Dec. 29, 1896.
Mrs. Emma D. Andrew*, 1113 Spruce Street,
Philadelphia, Pa.— jiy Dear Madam: It gives
me sincere pleasure to learn that cue women I
cf America are about organizing a whist '
league similar in its features to the one insti- I
tuted here six years ago. for I feel that such en j
association is the logical and fitting consum- j
mation of the work then begun. There are j
many reasons why a woman's league should
be organized, while there is little that can be
urged against it, and nothing, in ray opinion, I
that will stand the test of close scrutiny. Let i
me assure you, therefore, of my sincere and '
cordial sympathy, and, so far as my influence j
may extend, of my support
1 have always regarded whist as something
far greater than a sport or pastime, for its in
herent characteristics are such that it is capa- ;
ble of becoming a valuable instrument for the ■
development of our highest mental faculties,
and is therefore to the mentality of our people I
what physical athletics are to their muscles;
an amusement whose /unction is to develop ■
our power to think logically and correctly, j
should neither be ridiculed nor ignored, nor '
should it ever be regarded as standing upon ;
the same level as an ordinary pastime.
I have met many fine wnist-players, but j
I do not recall the name qf one who is not a '
man of high repute" in his chosen avocation, i
But aside from th is noble characteristic, which !
of itself would be sufficient to commend it to '
favorable consideration, whist Is pre-eminently i
entitled to our fuvor in that it is essentially' a i
home amusement, and as such is not restricted
to either sex. . Whatever, will keep our boys et i
home, interest them there, brine them under I
the sweet and ennobling influence of mother I
end sister, is of the utmost importance, and to j
this end it is highly gratifying to know that j
the ■women of America are willing to lend i
their powerful aid. I hail, therefore, the an- I
nouncement of your organization with sincere
pleasure, and trust that no obstacle will Inter
vene to prevent complete success.
The selection of Put-in-Bay at the time of
the league meeting there next July seems to
me to be very fortunate. I hope to have the j
pleasure of meeting you and your associates |
there at that time, and beg leave to repeat my
assurance that if 1 can be of any assistance in
aiding you in any way. I will be most loyally
at your command. Believe me, very respect
lullyi EUGEJJB S. ELUOTT.
i prise for indies was a case of half a dozen sil
ver and cold coffee-spoons, whicli was won
by Mrs. William Ashe. Tne second prize, a
silver bonbon-box, was awarded to Mr». Wil
liam Griuim. Tin- first gentleman's prize,
a silver paper-knife, went to Mr. Laumeister,
nntl a gold scarfpin to William Cluff. who cap
tured the second prise. The other lady play
ers wore consoled each with a silver spoon
and each gentleman sot a boutonniere.
An impromptu musical proer-unme was
then given by Mr*. Chirm, Mr<. McNUhoI and
Mr. Rector of' Berkeley, after which an elab
i orate supper Wits served.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
William Ashe, Mr. and Mrs. Frank SulUvan,
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. MeKee, Mr. and Mrs. Oscar
i Herrmann, Mr. and Mrs. Henry Crocker, Mr.
i and Mrs. Marion B'.gus, Mr. and Mrs. E. B.
1 I'erria, Mr. ami Mr-. L. S, B. Sawyer, Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Brown, Dr. and Mrs. Christensen,
■ Captain and Mrs. A. C. Freese, Mr. and Mrs.
Edward Chiun, M. A. Dorn, Dr. P. K. Brown,
; i>r. I Brown, Mrs. McNicnul, Professor Adel-
Btein, Mr. anvl Mrs. -A. W. Wilson. Mr. and Mrs
: Martel, Miss Adele Martel, Mr. and Mrs. Claude
Sic bo! son of Chicago, Gilbert James Rector,
>i r. and Mr*. George i*«mne, N. I. Perine, Mr.
and Mrs Georges, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Mann,
Mr. Him Mrs. V\illium ClufT, Consul and Mrs.
: Piuirsoi!, Mr. ami Mrs. Willi«tn Grissim, Mr.
a:;d Mrs. F. A. Her tin. Mr. and Mrs. O. D. Bald
! win, Mr. and Mrs! William T. iSaggeit, Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Kels.i.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Interesting Eetrothals Made Public
During the Past Week.
Tiie engiigement i* announced of Fred D.
Aldack to Miss Rose Hurl.
The eiigag-ment is announced of Miss Eva
Kirsihner to Leopold J. Borck.
WEDDING BELLS.
Nuptials of Miss Mary Olcese and
August Dondero.
The wedding oi Miss Mary Olcese and August
Dondero was solemnized on Saturday evening,
Jsnuary 10, at St. Peter and St. Paul Church,
on Dupont and Filbert streets. The church
was profusely decorated witn lan and date
palms and, ferns. In the chancel were jink
passion blossoms tied with pink ribbons, and
the aitur ins banked with pink roses.
The bride is the daughter of G. B. Olcese, a
wealthy commission merchant of this City,
and the groom is the son of G. B. Dondero, one
of the wealthiest capitalist!) in the Italian
colony.
Miss Adelaide Olcese and Miss Emilia Don
dero were maids of honor, and Alfred Auclare
and Charles Cuueo acted as best men. After
the ceremony at the church the party repaired
to the residence of the groom's parents, 712
Greenwich >t:eet, wnere a grand reception
was held.
An elaborate supper was served to about 200
friends assembled to tender their congratula
tions to the nappy pair.
The newly married couple were the recip
ients of many beautiful presents. Mr. and
Mrs. Dondero have leit tor Reno, Nev., where
their honeymoon will be spent. On tnelr re
turn they will reside at 1900 Powell street.
The marriage oi Peter P. McD.,nough and
Miss P. Berg was celebrated last Sunday even
ing at St. Mary's Cathedral by Rev. Father
Prendergatt. G. Jtorcade acted as the best man
and Miss P. Levy made a pretty bridesmaid.
The bride wore a handsome costume of cream
Ottoman silk, cut en traine, with ornaments of
diamonds and pearls. Only the immediate
friends of the young couple "were present.
After the ceremony the party repaired to a
Sacramento-stre-'t roti3>erie. where a t>umptu
ous wedding supper was spread, covers being
laid for Mr. and Mrs. McDOi.ougn. Patrick Me-
Donough, Louis Stern, Mrs. H. Rice. Thomas
McDonough, S. Siern, Miss P. Levy. G.Forcaae,
Si?muud Hers and Harry Berg.
The couple left on their bridal tour to Del
Monte and the south the following morninp.
The groom is tUe second sou of Patrick Me-
Dououeh of 700 Kearny street, and, though
quite a young man, has been connected with
one home— that of Beamish — lor over four
teen years and is widely known. The bride is
well known and popular in Jewish society
circles.
SURPRISE PARTIES.
Anniversaries Celebrated in This
Pleasant Fashion.
Oscar Winkler was tendered a surprise party
on Monday evening last, at his residence , 1 16
"blam Hands or 13 to 0.
The following deal was played in the rooms
of the Chicago Whist Club a 'few evenings ago.
It shows excellent whist perception. It was
furnished by the father of duplicate whist,
John T. Mitchell:
♦—A. X, 8, 4, 2
6— J, 8
A— J. 3, 2
6—lo,
♦-10. 5, 3 x I A-Q. 9, 6
O- _ _l 0-10,7,6, 5
+-X,10,8, 7,5,4! vv X A-Q.9
O-A, Q, J, 2 0-8. 7, 6, 3
o
• -J, 7
A, K,Q,9, 4, 3,2
A— A,ti
O-K, 3
Hearts trumps. South to lead!
The winning card is underscored.
TRICKS. SOUTH. WEST, j NORTH. EAST.
i
1 j _9P_' 4* 8V ' 50
2 | 4O ; 5* Je> 60
3 _**♦_ 3* 4* 6*
4 : _kc?_- 5* 40 7O
5 aq 20 '2+ 100
6 7* to* *♦ Q*
7 50 7+ *» g*
8 KO jo ;_a*_ : 80
9 j6* 8* '/.+ 30
10 ** 10* a* 9*
11 _ '2O AO <J+ 60
!- ••• : arc QO 190 70
13 1-ggJ *♦ 1 MO I 0+
Score: North and South 13, East and West 0.
Trick 2. The play of South is fine and is the
key to the hand. North's play of eight marks
him with jack or no move, and if the latter
should prove to be the case he can lose noth
ing by leading low, as East must then have
five trumps, and will certainly make two of
them.
Trick 3. It is plainly the duly of North to
underlead in this case, as he will probably
«in by so doing, even snould his partner fail
to win the first trick.
Tricks 4to 13. South can easily draw the
remaining trumps, put his partner in with a
spade and reap the reward of his good play.
In trick ten North merely shows that he has
counted his partner's hand correctly by lead
ing the three from jack, three remaining.
Such deals ana whist play should never be lost
sight ol— even lor expert players.
JWo Slam Deals ir\ One E\terur\g.
in the rooms of the Trist Duplicate Whist
Club the other evening the follow ing deals,
where thirteen tricks were made in eacii, tame
in succession, probably the first time it »ver
occurred in the history of whist. The write,
sat East:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ST7NDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897
Broad avenue, Ocean View, on the occasion of
his twenty-first birtiiUay. Those prevent wan:
.1. Craven, X- Craven, S. Waterdoil, J. Wolf, J.
Farley, J. McKean, J. Maloney, R. Hale, 0.
Winkler, J. Walton. J. Sermatter, L. Good. T.
Amsler, I. Brown, J. Roper, T. Farroll, L. Van
dre, J. Cannon, Mr. and Mrs. C. Amsler, Mr.
malm, M. Casseriy, Mr. and Mrs. J. Lands,
Mr. and Mrs. G. Autagne, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Keipcn, Mr. and Mrs. B. Bolesworth, Mr. and
Mrs. F. K. Winkler, W. Winkler, A. Autagne,
Miss Mary Walton, Miss Winnie Martin. Miss
Jestinc Hunter, Miss Mary Amsler, Miss Gertie
MISS MARTHA SHAINWALD, Who Is to Marry Leopold Meyer on Wednesday,
Clancy, Miss Essie Brown, Miss Annie Shan
non. Miss Clara Farrell. Miss Edith Viola
Vandre, Miss Maggie Murphy, Mrs. B. Parley,
Miss Bandy, Miss M. Winkler. F. W inkier Jr.,
E. Hunter.
A delightful surprise party was tendered to
Alfred Gunn recently at Turn Verein Hall on
Eighteenth street. A very pleasaut evening
was spent. Games and dancing were indulged
in until a late hour, when supper was served.
Amonc the guests present were: Miss May
o'Leary, Miss Nellie Sullivan, Miss Gertie
Wimmer, MtM Elsie Irvine, Miss Ti'.lie John
son, Miss Oliie Bchultz, Mis* Msggie hiealis,
Miss Jennie Johnson, Miss Delia Inerim, Miss
Annie Itowmun, Miss Muude i'ratt. Miss ?adie
Bowman. Miss Ella Symous, Miss Rhoda
Foaiks, Miss Blanche Bowman, Miss Mimue
Holland. Miss Emma. Nellson, Miss Jennie
Gunn, Miss Julia IngnlU, Miss Jennie Bow
man, Miss Lovell, Mrs. iirain, Mrs. Bowman;
Messrs. Gunn, Sullivan, Crawford, Roberts,
WHIST
Ten hearts trumps. West to lead. Score:
North and South, 13: East and West, 0.
THREE SLAM HANDS IN ONE AFTERNOON'S PLAT.
A few years ago on the overland train com
ing home from the East, the writer and his
partner played in a game where thirteen
tricks were taken three times in one after
noon's play.
Q. S. Simons of Texas.
George Stuart Simons, one of tlie charter
members of the San Francisco Whist and Chess
Club, who for the past five years has made his
home in San Antonio, Tox., is on a short visit
to his old home. His many and numerous
Whist friends will give him a real hearty ■wel
come. He was a guest at the Trist Duplicate
Whist Club last Saturdny evening end suc
ceeded in mating tha top score. Mr. Simons
reports the interest in whist in Texas just as
great as it 1* in California, tournaments and
matches' going otijbetween the large cities, and
the Texas Whist Club, of which he *s one of
the founders, now holds the championship of
the State.
Election of Officers fetaluma
Whist Club.
Tresident, Ray Egan: vice-president, P.
Sweed; secretary, Miss A.Tibbetts; treasurer,
Mrs. H. H. Atwater. The above officer?, with
Miss Nellie Dcnmaii, constitute the executive
committee for the next six month-.
The Petaiuma club is conferring with the
Santa Rosa's on a scheme for a county whist
tournament. When the Santa Rosa boys take
hold of anything it has to go. «
J. and W. Nelson, O'l.eary, W. and O. Hatton,
J. and A. Duff, Culler, Tillman, Ingriin, U. and
E. Foster, Osternian, J. and G. Irving. G. and
A. Danieison, W. and L. Bcharets, Sweeney,
Campbell, Honeyman and Green.
HOME GATHERINGS.
Dinners, Dances and Receptions
Make the Week Pass Merrily.
One of the most enjoyable dinners and re
ceptions given this season took place at the
residence of Colonel and Mrs. H. Bendel,
Seventh and Alice streets, Oakland. Tho table
decorations were entirely in yellow, and the
dinner \vt;s given in honor of Mr. and Mrs.
George X. Ilabenicht of' this City. Covers
were laid for eighteen, and after the repast an
informal dance followed.
Miss Mabel Getz entertained sixteen of her j
lady friends last Sunday afternoon fct her j
home, 507 Devisadero street, it being the anni- i
versary of her birthday. The parlors and ,
dininjr hall were beautifully decoratt-d in ye!- |
low, chrysanthemums and acacias predoml
nating. The afternoon was pleusantly spent i;i
music and games, for which valnublo prues
were given. The guests wete mso aereoabiy ;
surpr:sed by having their photos taken by
flashlight, after which all repaired to the j
j dining-room, where a sumptuous repast was -
! partaken of. Those present were: Miss Mabel \
<ictz, Miss Enna Alexander, Miss Blanche '
Gctz, Miss Blanche Latz, Miss R-'ginu Cohen, 1
i Miss Hattie Hall, Miss Adele Samson, Miss j
I I'enrl Levin, Miss «elen Nathan, Miss Leah i
Cobleutz. Miss Nettie Hirshfeld, Miss Olive
Simon, Miss Frieda Eber, Miss Anda Blum,
Miss Ella Thnll and Mi»3 Belle Newman.
Mrs, c. C. Mathewson gave a most enjoyable
dance on the evening of January 12, at the '
Clifton, corner of Suiter and Powell streets, i
Dancin? and vocal and instrumental music
were among the features of the evening. ;
Among those present were: Mrs. C. C. Math- ,
ewson. Asa Saifanger. Miss Dottle Frost. Mi-s
f.ola Frost, Mi.-s J. Elgin Mathewson, General
J. H. Mathewson. Mr-. Russell, Ed Russell, w.
J. Likens, Mrs. Durst, -Mrs. 1.. Latimer, Mrs.
Armstrong, Miss A. McKenzie, D. C. Ma the w
son, w. ii. Corent, T. 1-. Eastman, H. O. Math- i
ewson, W. \v. Pennveoofc, W G. Pennycook, !
Mrs. DeDuy. Mrs. McLoud. Mrs. Shell, Mrs.
Bruce, Scou McOonnnck, J. D. McCormack, i
Mr. Armstrong, Ed Montgomery, Mrs. Grin
lfv. Mrs. Bryant, A. J. Logan, Mr. Sinythe, Mr.
Gr:t!i:'., Mrs. WaicotT, i\ .-ihoner. Miss Gertrude
Mccarty, Miss Genevieve Mccarty, Miss Collins,
Mr- S. D. Hulnley, Mrs. Warberton, Mi«s
Ksilu'i Dodge, Mi-' I. Pennyeook, A. Mc-
Donald, An ilro w Ri»s«, D, J'unro, Miss ;.
O'Donuell, D. W. McKenzie, Harry McCarty, i
"Whist of Jo-Day," Fifth Edition.
"Whist of To-Day," when it came from the
press for the first time about eighteen months
ago, was looked upon by some writers as sort
of a free-lance. Its author, Milton C. Work,
had the courage of his convictions. He came
out and gave to the whist-players something
new to think of. We were one of tho first to
write the author just what we thought of it
We didu't wait to get In with the procession
that was afterward formed to sing the praises
for the new work. We "spoke right out in
meetin 1 ,' 1 and our opinion is just the same to
day. Five editions in eighteen months is a
record to be proud oi. Mr. Work says: "In
order that the reader may be able to distin
guish the old from the new it has seemed ad
visable to place all the new suggestions in an
appendix by themselves, calling it Appendix
C." The subjects that he has introduced are:
Tiie ace, queen, echo in tramps holding four
exactly, «»h partner's lead; call through
honor; keeping the lowest card; covering
ton with ace, from lend of ten from Q. J, 10,
etc.; playing down; the sliorlrsuit game, and
ending up with a long compilation of p.ain
suit leads in order of merit. This table oi
leads is worth the price of a dozen books.
The book is published by Dreka of Phila
delphia and sold for $1 a copy.
Double Dummy problem 534.
(Published December 13, 1896.)
H. H. Hotaling of San Franisco wins the
prize, an autograph copy of Miss Wheclock's
new book, "Whisi." We stated that merit of
answer would bo determined by the best
notes. We give the problem and solution and
notes by Mr. Hotaiing:
NORTH . I
SOUTH.
1 „
2
3......V..V.V."
4.
5
G.....„
7
8
__X*>_ 4* : 6* . j 7*
60 IQO ___0_; 8+
JO 6* ________! J *
_ 60 50 30 ! 40
** j9* 8+ j 10+
*Z> AC QQ any cc
And North must win the las
two tricks, having the major ten
.
The winning card is underscored.
.W. S. McCormick, Mrs. Parmrenk. Miss M.
Pennycuok, D. F. McMillan, Mrs. Shriner, Miss
A. Miss Q. Montgomery, Miss £.
Montgomery, Mrs. Daniel McCarty, R. Bealen,
Mr. and Mrs, George-Fisher, Miss M. Perkins,
K. Mitchell, W. G. Watker, Mr. Hamilton,
William Fisher, Miss Tina Frost, Veruon Frost
An extremely pleasant party was given by
Miss Grace Corwin at h,er residence, corner
of Howard, and Twenty-second streets, last
Friday evening' in honor of Miis Wiley of San
Jose.
Some charming musical selections were ren
dered by Mrs. B. C. Dalton (nee Lyons) and
George King, followed by a number of novel
literary games, which served to pass the early
part of the evening very pleasantly.
After retreshments dancing was enjoyed in
the large parlors until an cany hour. Among
those present were: Miss Wiley, the Misses
LUa and Grace Berry, Miss Lolitti Weich, Miss
Louise Jacobs, Miss Ethel Young, Miss Grace
Corwin, Mrs. G. B. Cor win. Mr. and Mrs. If. J
Porter, Mr. and Mrs. 11. ti. Corwin, Mr. and
Mrs. B. C. Dalton, Clement Wilder, C. H. Far
rell, C. H. Lombard, George King and Waller
Glenn.
An informnl lion was given by Miss Eugenia
Brizzo.ara Saturday evening, January 16.
Dancnir and vocal and instrumental numbers
were among the features of the evening. A
string orchestra was iv attendance, whose
Selections delightfully entertained the guests,
taght refreshments were served. Among the
trutss were: Mr. and Mrs. L, and A. L. Briz
zolara, Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Granucci, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Magtni, Ihe Misses Margaret
Oicese, Stella Petrarchl, Adline Mugini, Aida J.
Sbarboro, Margaret May J-ontana, May Cafta
rata of Virginia City, Florence s-eatena. Clo
tilde Chichizola, Lillye R. Kocca, Henrietta
Merlo, Sibyl L. Tomni. JJollye Arata, Alvia
Cousin*, Louise Hiaiichi and Louise and Char
lotte Kompf; Alfred Sbarboro. Victor F. Luc
clietti. Dr. H. Sartori. George Gianini, Charles
Graudoua> S. Brizzolara, E. Cevasco, George
I'anerio, Dr. A. Ginnini, .T. Joly. Gustave
Gunther, A. Brizzolara, J. Chichizbla, ('. Ca
vagnaro, J. Biancni, J. Raggi and Dr. A. Ca(
farat i.
A stag dinner was tendered last Saturday
evening to Captain .lohn Tuttle of George H.
Thomas Po»t No. -, G. A. R.. by his wife, at his
residence, 822 O'Farreil street, in honor of his
installation as post commander. To this were
invited the officers and members of George 11.
Thomns Post, the KnickerbocKer male quartet
assisting in the entertainment. The family
residence was beautifully decorated, the
national colors predominating. After the en
joyment of an elaborate menu, the lollowing
programme whs carried out under the direc
tion of Toast-master Colonel J. O. C. Lee, U. S.
A.: "Grand Army ol the Republic," General W.
H. H. Hart; song, "Battle Cry of Freedom;"
'George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R.." Com
rade A. T. Eggleston; song, "Marching
Through Georgia;" 'The Army," Colonel
the Nona.
What notes should there bo upon dummy
play*,
Where each card as it falls speaks its part?
The solution must lose by a paraphrnse,
And t hus science pay tribute to art.
Just 1 ist to the silent eloquence
Of the order of play, gone lefore,
And mark the first principle — good horse
sense —
The problem admits nothing more.
Position's the first thing that needs reeard,
The same as in actual whist,
Then make the opponents their suits discard.
Of the matter these things are the gist.
When a problem is deep, a solution nice,
No prize does the true whister need;
The love of the game will at all times suffice,
And supplant the desires of greed.
When athletes prepare for a great contest.
They wrestle aud race with machines;
So may students of whist, with an equal zest,
Find dummy an excellent means.
CORRECT SOLUTIONS TO TROBLEM 534.
Mrs. F. A. Carmichael, Kdward Howard,
Marion Berry, D. Murphy, San Francisco;
Henry I). Ludlow, Alcatraz Island; F. H.
Kieier, Sacramento; l\ Hartwell, Salinas.
We received a large number of answers, but
the above are the only correct ones. One lady
sends in an answer with North leading the ace
ot clubs. East having none sno lets North win
the trick. A Sacramento gentleman says he
got it in fifteen minutes, but sends in a wrong
solution.
Qeorge L Bur\r\ arvd the St paul
Qlobe.
| The following letter is from the office of the
j St. Paul Globe. We are pleased to publish the
I same. Tiie many dean that we have pub-
I lished from Mr. Bunn and John H. Briggsis
proof positive of our great admiration for
them. They are without doubt two of the
strongest players living. The letter is as fol
j lows:
'•We desire to bring to your attention the
whist column in the Sunday Globe, conducted
by George L. Bunn of St, Paul.
'•Mr. Bunn needs no introduction to the
whist-players of the American Whist League.
He is a league director, has played at most of
the league tournaments, is one of the commit
tee of seven experts to determine the best
method of play; his team won the champion
ship iv 1893, and he has held the Hamilton
trophy.
"Whist-players are to be congratulated that
Mr. Bunn has consented to appear in print.
His articles are lull of matter of interest and
helpful to all lovers and students of the noble
game. His analyses of and comments upon
hands played are very complete and clear.
"He gives the latest and best thought on
the game, and presents the arguments on
both sides with unusual clearness and fair
ness. His own judement of play is recognized
as the best, being based upon very careful
j thought, thorough study and large experi
j ence." .
Every Sunday in the Sc. Panl Globe; $1 50
a year, mailed to any address. Any of our
readers desiring to subscribe we will" forward
their subscriptions.
J. G. C. Lee; nong, "Tramp, Tramp, Tramp:'
"The Navy," Comrade Frank Symmes;
song, "Columbia, Gem of the Ocean": "The
Flag," Colonel J. H. Roberts; song. "Star-
Spangled Banner" "United States Pension
ers," Colonel J. C. Currier; song, "America ;
"The Ladies," Comrade Horace Wilson; song,
"Health to Fairest"; "Our Host," comrade
John Tuttle; song, "Hail to the Chief ; "Our
Hostess," Quartermaster C. L. Blinn.
Capmin John Tuttle was the recipient ol a
diamond stud from his wife, eloquently pre
sented by General W. U. H. Hart. The toast,
"The Hostess," by Quartermaster tfiinn,
whs so well delivered that all P£ escn '
demanded her presence, which was naiiea
by all singing, "She's a jo.ly good
fellow." The festivities were continued
until a ltte hour. The following is a
paniallist of those present: Colonel J. G. C.
Lee, U.S. A.; Captain John Tuttle, J. Murray
Bailey, Sheluon Sturgis, Frank Symmes, A. I.
Eggleston, A. G. Bratton, W. K. B. Bartholovv,
J. M. Stureis, Dr. L. L. Dow, Chaplain A. Royal,
Joseph Siminonson. L. L. Buttis, C. P. Vt^'sh.
J.B.Locke-, A. J. lUell, C. W. Gordon, P. J.
Fisher, Dr. J. H. Soper, S. H. Roberts, J. H.
Canes, General W. if. H. Hart, C. L. Metcalf,
Colonel J. M. Currier, J. H. Gilmore, Colonel
J. H. Roberts, Horace Wilson, Quartermaster
C. L. Blinn. Elisha Brooks, F. L Turpin, Cap
tain J. B. LaucK, A. C. Forsyth, H. L. Tickner,
H. Burdell, Judge James A. Waymire
A musicale was recently given ii: the studio
of George Denniton and Arthur Fickenscner,
at the residence of Mrs. Gregg. 2100 Califor
nia street. Local talent was well represented.
Vocal selections were rendered by Mme. Bo
lona Zifler, Mrs. Seugley Reynolds, Miss Ivy
Gardner. Miss Delia Mills and Mr. Andrews.
Mr. Fickenscher contributed several piano
solos.
A champagne supper was given by Professor
H. Rugen and Mr. Sieflens on Tuesday even
ing, at the residence of Mi. and Mrs. Heidt
mun. Among those present were Mr. and Mrs.
Heidtman, Misses S. and B. Heidtman, May
and M. Corkery, Annie Walzer, N. Diedrich, S.
and N. Garms F. Stoltz, H. Ueidtman, W.
Garms, C. Hoidtman, E. Heidtman, Professor
Rugen and Mr. Steffens.
CLUB GATHERINGS.
Monthly Entertainment of the
Western Addition dub.
There was a large and fashionable attend
ance at the regular monthly entertainment
and dance of the Western Addition Literary
and Social Club held on Wednesday evening
at Native Sons' Hall.
The programme, attractive, varied and in
teresting, was well received. Dancing con
cluded the evening's entertainment.
The programme in full was as follows:
Overture (selected), orohestra; contralto solo
(selected), Miss Miriam Coney; recitation, "A
Water-Logged Town," Miss Nan Place; bary
tone solo, "Sailor's Grave" (Sullivan), Robert
Lloyd. "The Sacrifice," a play In one act, by
Renshaw Woodworth; cast of characters:
David Wellman, a gamoler, Charles W. Wil
son; Jack Hampton, a genial fellow, Fenton P.
Foster; Philip Doane Sr., a stern parent, Har
ry E. DeLasam; Philip Doane Jr., an inexperi
enced youth, Louis Butler; William, a servant,
Arthur W. Jones.
Ignatian Council No. 35, Y. M. 1., held a
grand reception on Friday evening at Native
Sons' Hall.
The second monthly party given by the
Nouveaute Club took place last Tuesday even
ing at the res.dence of the Misses Loubre, 1109
Turk street. The club is composed of fifteen
young ladies, who give monthly parties at the
nomes of its members. On entering the house
each guest was furnished witn a boutonniereof
hothouse flowers. The entertainers of the
evening were the Misses Loubre, in a piano
duet; Miss Rosenswiiz, imitations; Miss Mau
blum, German quotations; Miss Levenson, in
irngedy; G. Meyer, magic; A. Marshall, in a
very laughable recitation entitled, "It's Noth
ing ; Mrs. Strauss, in German imitations, and
I. Rosen&witz, ventriloquist, assisted by I.
Morris.
At 12 o'clock sharp the march "Le Nou
veaute," composed by one of the members, was
played, and the gutsts repaired to the- ban
quet table, where an elaborate menu was
t-erved. Mr. Rosenwitz was toastmaster aud
filled the position to the delight of the guests.
The ioHowiug toasts were responded to:
"The Ladies,' A. Harshali; "The Past," I.
Morris; "The Present," Mr. Strauss; "The
Future," Mr. Benardy.
After enjoying the repast the guests ad
journed to the pailor, where dancing was re
sumed to the wee sma' hours.
AT CORONADO.
Interesting Notes From the Popular
Winter Resort.
Among the distinguished guests entertained
at Hotel del Coronado last week were: Rear-
Admiral John G. Walker of Washington, D. C,
and party, including Aug. K. Rogerß, San
.Francisco, of the Coast Survey service, and
Engineers William 11. Burr, New York, and
George S. Morrison, Chicago.
Frank Trumbuli, receiver and general man
ager of the Union Pacific, Denver and Golf
Railroad, with headquarters at Denver, is
staying at the hotel, accompanied by Mrs.
Trumbnll, Miss Lou Hyde, Boston; Morris
Trumbull and Florence Trumbull, Chicago.
The party is traveling in their private car.
\V. P. Williamson o£ Jjan Francisco is a guest
here.
The flagship Philadelphia is expected to ar
rive in San Diego Bay from Aespuico before
February 1.
The coast defenders Monadnock arid Monte
rey are now expected to arrive in the nurbor
at any time, to remain a couple of months.
The Uni'ed States steamer Albatross, now at
the Coronado wharf, is expected to remain
through the winter.
A. RosenDerg aud J. Wolf, S*n Francisco,
were visitors here lasi week.
Mr. and Mrs. D. M. LoQge of Maquoketa,
lowa, are sojourners here. •
W. H. Powers, San Francisco, remained at
the hotel over Sunday.
J. C. Bauer of J. C. Bauer & Co., San Francis
co, is a guest here.
Andrew W. Fulton and Mirs Fulton of White
Bear Lake, Minn., are recent arrivals.
A New York t>arty now at tne hotel includes
H. Suydam, Mrs. J.F. Suydam. and Master L.
Suydam.
Mr. and Mrs. Jepp Ryan and child, Xiles
City, Mont., are staying at the hotel.
J. R. Voris, Bedford, Ind., arrived last
week.
Colonel Offley J. Crewe-Read came up from
Eusenada recently and is again a guest at the
hotel.
Bishop Johnson will preach and ndrnini-ter
confirmation at Christ Church (Episcopal)
Sunday, January 24.
Lorenzo Henry, Ireland, is now a guest here.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Vorhman, San Francisco,
are at the hotel this week.
A. K. Fulton is a recent arrival from Balti
more, Md.
E. C. Flagg is down from San Jose.
Charles E. Haudy, San Francisco, is regis
tered here.
William G. J. Harvey, England, is visiting
Coronado.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Weller are late ar
rivals from Alameda.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur O'Donnell, San Fran
cisco, are among the hotel's guests.
Mr. and Mrs. John A. Ilauff, New Haven,
Conn., are tourists here.
H. W. Biown, president of the Nicollet Na
tional Bank, Minneapolis, arrived here la?t
week, accompanied by Mrs. Brown, Miss M. L.
Foss, Minneapolis, and Mr. and Mrs. Ponsonb-
Ogle, London, Eng.
Mrs. O. Campbell is an English visitor here.
M. L. Hinman, treasurer of the Brooks ioco
motive works, Duukirk, N. V., accompanied
by Mrs. Hinman and daugnter, ha 6 returned
to spend another winter at Coronado.
C. W. Hammond, cashier of the People's Na
tional Bank, Buffalo, N. Y\, is staying here
with Mrs. Hammond, Miss L. C. Sirret, Buffalo,
and Mrs. S. L. Warford, Saginaw, Mich.
Two tally-ho coaches conveyed a party of
hotel guests to Point Loma on Monday.
Luncheon was spread in the old lignthouse
and the return was made via the ocean beach.
H. B. Houghton of San Francisco is lure.
Mr. aud Mrs. Dorville Libby of San Francisco
are at the hotel.
Mrs. Graham E. Babcock's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. G. G. Myers of St. Louis, aecompiniod by
their daughter, Mrs. Cnurch, and grandson,
George Myers Church, ar^ staying at liie hotel.
Archdeacon Percy (_. Webber of Boston was
a visitor here on Friday.
Francis A. Si raier aud Miss Strater, Boston,
are guests at the hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Scanlan of St. Louis are
visiting Corouado on their wedding nip.
Mrs. and MissNojes, wiie ana uaurfhter of
CrosbyS. Noyes, editor of the Washington (D.
C.\ Evening Star, have returned to the hotel
aiier an extended visit in Oakland.
IN THE FUTURE.
Several Delightful Entertainments,
Receptions and Dances.
Mr. and Mrs. H. P. Spitz will celebrate their
golden wedding on Thursday evening, Feb
ruary 4, at the Concordia Club. '.-
On Friday evening, February 5, at Golden
Gate Hull, the employes of Goldberg, Bowen &
Co. will give their third annual entertainment
and ball. A most enjoyable time is assured, as
the committee have been untiring in their
efforts to secure the very best talent procur
able. The music will be by Huber. The Young
Ladies' String Quartet, the famous Knicker
bocker Male Quartet and many others of equal
ability and popularity will appear on the pro
gramme,. It 13 customary willi the employes
of this firm to hold these parties annually, as
it tends to increase the iriendly intercourse
between the employers, employes and their
Seven Pines Circle, LHdies of the G. A. R-,
will give a "donkey" party at their regular
meeting in Portala Hail, 414 Mason street, on
Monday evening, the 25th.
The Pacific Dancing Ciub has issued invita
tions for a souvenir and opening party on
Tuesday evening, February 2, at Odd Fellows
Hall.
There is to be an elaborate production of the
beautiful domestic drama. "Hazel Kirke. at
Native Sons' Hall, Wednesday evening, Janu
ary 27. The play will be cast as follow:.: Dun
stan Kirke, T. ll. 'Kilgo; Arthur Carringford, M.
E.Harris; Squire Rodney, John T. Coleman;
Piltacus Greeif. F. R. Hayes; Barney O'Flynn,
Chris Lynion; Met, W. H. Taisen; Mercy
Kfrke. Gertrude Inghani; Lady Canfngforcl
Virginia Cranna; Clara, Maud Wheeler; and
Miss Mac Keane as Hazel Kirke, Miss Fanr.ie
!R. Lewis as Dolly Dution. Dancing will con
clude the evening's entertainment.
The Kutopions will give their first invitation
reception at new Devisudero Hall ou Tuesday
evening, January 26.
Golden Gate Council No. 34, Y. M. 1., has is
sued invitations for its tenth anniversary ball
at Native Sons' Hall on Wednesday evening,
February 10.
The Varsovienne Fortnightly Club will irlre
a social ou Saturday evening, January 2b, at
1901 Post street.
Ti;e next regular monthly social to be given
by the pupils ot W. J. O'Brien's daifting aenri-
I emy wlil take place at Scottish Hall. 100
i Larkin strere, on Wednesday evening, Jan-
The Entre Nous Cotillon Club will give a
fancy-dress german Friday evening, January
29 at the Maple Hall, Palace Hotel.
Mr and Mrs. Max Salomon will hold a recep
tion Sunduy. January 24, from 2 to 5 o'clock,
at their residence, 1507 Broderick street.
PERSONALS.
Mrs. Jefferson Chandler and the Misses
Chandler will be "at borne" on Fridays at
1300 Hyde street.
Mrs. C. C. Keene and daughters, the Misses
Rose and Jeannette, have changed their home
day to the second Sunday in the month.
Miss Louise Tourny has removed from 1023
Butter street to 1225 Geary street, between
Franklin and Gough, and will receive on each
Tuesday of the month.
Dr. a^d Mrs. K. Pischl, after spending some
weeKs in Italy, spent the Christmas holidays
in Dr. PischTs native city, Insbruck.
Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Kohlberg have removed
from the Palace to their new home on 3020
Clay street, and will be at home the Becond
and fourth Wednesdays of each month.
Miss Carrie Lauer, the daughter of Charles
H. Lauer, a prominent citizen of Eugene. Or.,
is visiting at the residence of Miss Friedlander,
2018 Buchanan street.
J. Simpson, the Danish Consul, and family
are occupying their new residence at 2520
Vallejo street. Consul and Mrs. Simpson con
tempiate giving a matinee tea in the first part
of February to their daughter, Miss Agnes
Simpson, who is one of this winter's de
butantes.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Jerome Smith of Stockton are
at Hotel Snvoy for the winter.
Mrs. D. D. Colton and Mrs. Henry McLain
Martin are in Paris, where they will remain
uniil next summer.
The home oi Mr. and Mrg. E. Burke Holladay
(nee Huniington) was brightened last Monday
looming by the advent of a daughter.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph D. Reddmg are passing
several months in Paris.
Mr. and Mr-. O. Shatter Howard intend to
pass the remainder of the winter in New York
Cit.r.
Mrs. Edward Bosqui is entertaining Mis«
I Coralie Selby at her home in Ross Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Hicks of Los Ansrelea,
who have teen visiting Mr. and Mrs. William
S. Tevis of Bakersfield, are now tne guests of
Mrs. Hager.
Mrs. Daniel Hanionand Miss Josephine Han
lon have boeu at the Hotel Kaiaei during the
past fortnight.
Mr. and Mrs. Homer S.King, Miss Haxel
Kiiig and Miss Elizabeth lluutin«ton have re
! turned from a trip to Cororado and other
points in Southern California.
Mrs. George Loom is and iier nephew, Charles
N. Felton Jr. , are in Paris, but will soon leave
for Nice to pass the remainder of the winter
there.
Colonel C. F. Crocker and J. A. FiUmore
left last Saturday for Arizona, to be away about
a week.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur E. Banks are passing
the winter on their ranch In Lassen County.
Mr. and Mrs. Livingston Gilson are in Pans.
E. S. Pillsbury is expected to return from his
Eastern trip in a few days.
Dr. and Mrs. E. S. Brey/ogle are in Paris,
where they will remain foracouple of months.
Mrs. George W. Gibbs is visiting at Coronado
Beach.
NEW TO-DAY.
JANUARY
PRICES
—ON— >
DRESS
SILKS
Mean a Saving to
Every Purchaser.
BLACK SATIN AND GROP-
GRAIN BROCADED DRESS
SILKS, conventional and , NOW
flower designs, desirable *7»>-»
styles, 22 inches wide, excel- * s^"
lent quality, were $1. Per Yard.
BLACK BROCADED SATINS NOW
AND GROS-GRAIN DRESS <£ f (\C\
SILKS, extra grades, choice *P I • V/U
designs, such as were $1 25. Per Yard.
MOIRE VELOURS, the nov-
elty Silk for spring, an ex- AT
cellent grade, black and (T| (\(\
-evening tints, well worth •PI«V/U
II 25. Per Yard.
Special Sale This Week
Of Black and Colored
Dress Silk Remnants,
Marked at ONE-THIRD LESS
than REGULAR RATES.
JUST ARRIVED,
A Shipment of
COLUMBIA KID GLOVES,
ALL SIZES,
At $1.00.
Black. Navy, Myrtle, English Reds,
Tans, Browns, Modes, Gray, Cham-
pagne, etc. "Trimmed and Era-
, broidered up to date."
Every Pair Guaranteed.
KOHLBERC,
STRAUSS &
FROHMAN,
10? AND 109 POST STREET
AND
1220- (222-1224 Market/ ■ ___^___ ______[ H eJjHiB Bm B '-"y^ Vit : -z*s ¥?^! &r f*JS ~^ -■ HH R •m^,' eS t^-' ->i ffyJgM _____■) Bfl BS^^H v ____pj_ ir^'i '■'. X ' i ■ lxfll BH^^?Sw ' ' **■ r^^^^^
COLORED "5 p.-, dodble-fold plained mixed dress 1Q QarflflVf» Vnder the stimulus of our • determination TO I BLACK "JSSaSaj^SS^!::.!^..?!!?^*^^
CO! O RED 115piecesDOUBLE - FOLDPLAINAND ft EDI)RESB IOc QfirrifirA Under the of our determination TO BLACK C S^J^t^ oL PLAID BOUCLE ' 25c
7rt>ii< cv UOODSI worth c^ rd on special ;■;;;:; sacrifice force out EVERY dollar's worth of dress .. . —
rnnnl "<Jo^!S k^ - iSSfS 2Oo ' PWr^« SURPLUS STOCK WITHOUT FAIL we are ODS. ■ I «Sft7S"SiS 2S?S .. E . SG . L . l^.. A . lP . A . Oi r. worth 256
UUUUS. at * Ilwca - constantly striving to increase the tremendous
87 pieces 36-INCH ALL-WOOL MOTTLED DRESS GOODS, medium color- 25C Cli t Of 1 W I OWPI* daily OUtpUt ° OUr GREAT SACRIFICE CLEAR- v ALL pURE WOOL FEBHOHBBROB, worth «..y«a, _
ings, worth 50c a yard, on special sale at WWII, 4*71,111 JUV/YVvl • ANCE SALE and tO Special sale price ....^OC
that end we close the month of January with a TheQoodS
109 pieces 36-INCH ALL- WOOL NOVELTY STRIPED DRESS GOODS, worth <j)~ p Series Of REDUCTIONS THAT ARE ALMOST BE- WOUld Be CheaP lease 53-INCH EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL ENGLISH SERGE, worth 85c XA rt
60c a yard, on special sale at JK) YOND BELIEF. . a yard; Special sale price OUC
. But these reductions are GENUINE and the styles At _
79 pieces 37 INCH FANCY SCOTCH PLAIDS, bright colorings, worth 50c aO- and qualities exactly as stated in the accompanying DOUbk 1 case mlvril ALL PURE WOOL FRENCH COATING SERGE, worth 75c
79 nieces 3" IVCH FANCY SCOTCH PLAIDS bright colorings, worth 50c a 9^^ . M ._ . J  , . ■ • UUUUIC 1 case 50-INCH ALL PURE WOOL FRENCH COATING SERGE, worth 75c ~.(\ n
yard, on^special^lle^L ... ...r.7.. -^OC specimen items, hence all we ask is a personal in- ,_,, D . a yard ; special sale price ...J. OUC
spection of our offerings to convince anyone that I nGSe PriCCS. ;
_ „__ , rTYrn Txvvvn r>T?T?<io rnnn<z o- ~ " ' 17 pieces 58-INCH ALL-WOOL SCOTCH CHEVIOT, in different wales, worthQXn
82 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL FAN Ci MIXED TWEED DRESS GOODS, 3oc PORTIERES! We have LADIES' 400 dozen 5 and 7 HOSIERY. 103 doz e n $1 50 a yard ; Special sale price .' Boc
spring colorings; worth 60c a yard, on special sale at OOKj P(Jl< I ltl<fc^ ' made another LAIJICO HOOK GENU- llUo ICK V . CHILDREN'S
cut in our Curtain and Portiere De- KID Sn c?ntlf : - HOSIERY. Sfdcott l^
partments. The variety is complete J>. tL, /cc (-.lietitlv lrun-r- HO^E spliced knees, doubie iseals
and the prices so low that New Cur- ULUVCo. feet), odd uses and toes, fast black-, worth 25c a mL 15 pieces 58-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH BOURETTE, ©i 00
69 pieces 3S-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL BOUCLE PLAIDS, latest colorings, f^Qp tains are almost as cheap as the colors and back, regular price $1 50 pair, on special sale at I^2o worth $1 75 a yard; Special sale price .• tjp±._
worth $1 a yard, on special sale at O\J\j | aun( ierin_; expense of the old ones. and $1 75 a pair, will be closed out CA. • ; . .
F at dUC 114 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED
CHENILLE PORTIERES, nicely ___ . BLACK COTTON HOSE, double
t'adoed and fringed, in Red, Tan. ' heels and toe?, Hermsdorf dye, 1r « ri^ rk - r , ri - r __ , r>T?Trqc T TrvrTTT<3 ATm T?P\fVA\TTQ ?ii k« «i« -^ « * *
Olive. Terra Cotta, etc., effects $1 Or 103 _..._ 4 BUTTON UNDRESSED worth 25c a pair, on special sale at 101 , SPECIAL! r aTI "y RFTMirKn PpS OSCd Ut at
82 pieces 43-INCH SUPERIOR ALL-WOOL HIGH-CLASS FIGURED that were $2 50, cut to. per pair. $!.&> | X x ID GLOVES lar ge buttons in o, „„,„„ T ADIE?~IMPORTFD U\J±^U- GKEATLY REDUCED PRICES.
/FRENCH DRESS GOODS, in all tie leading shades, worth $1 a yard, on gQ LE "-", TAPES ae?inm2id light g nioaHhaV" "bLaCK Mtc^COTTO^H™
i cialsaleat «Vly B TRY PORKeIeS ws?e," reguJtir pnce „_ _ Pair * wiil _, W? bigh-SDliced heels, double sole 3 Z=lZZl=l=Z==Z==
\ in new Green? Tan, Old RSI.' closed out at DUC .ud toes, Hermsdorf dye worth ;
Red, etc.. effects that were $4 50 <_C) Aft ■— $1 per dozen ' on £ P eclal Sale at - ft :; 25ft
42 pieces INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH NAVAL SERGE, worth £rfk per pair, cut to tf-i.tfV m . innTTnvvrnnnvw :•••••" per pair *w . -_ 21 pieces BLACK SURAH SILK, extra heavy, regular price X A
« « ard : .*«** 50C Hlrt#r Grade _______; POE . "saassssrffM!: i ß^ S^^ T .« ? 5S^ SILK. 6 " ayard; c '" r ' DC "" e pric ° ... P ■- 50 C
TiFßpq i- npw ftr^n Tnn tons, in medium ana tan shade?, JibAt-K maou tv r  v ■ IIHI-* I
■?> o'. « b v V '*. «^ also bHcK regular price SI 25 aR" high-spliced heels, double soles Ul^tr 1.
Rose, Red, etc., effects that were d* JAA ai . D.„ V ,~ 7 P"i-o «i -J a c. t ' . t t,lnrlr
55 pieces 43-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY DRESS GOODS, new-7K« *b 50 per pair, cat to $4.V1) I pair, will be closed out at < tIC and i foes onj x M r dUn on aAI 63 pieces FANCY FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, laree variety of designs and£K n
est weaves, worth $125 a yard, on special sale at I Ob I snecia' sale at ner'rjair colorings, regular price 85c a yard; Clearance sale price '. t)t»U
Seven Styles of FINE IRISH 90 dozen 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, special sale at "_____. per pair
POINT CURTAINS, the rich in black, regular price $1 25 a pair, nr 6 . dozen - LADIES ' IMPORTED
===============. - San?> prkecut^o WebaVet °°$3.50 wiU be 2lo£ed out at * o{j CASHMERE WOOL HOSE, 31 pieces BLACK BROCADED GROS-GRAIN SILK, medium desiens. Reg- C- rt
man> ), price cut t0...... tftf.JV ___ double heels, soles and toes,, in ( ular price 75c a yard; Clearance sale price.... .....?. OOC
._,__ i: T. . : J92 dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH black and natural gray, regular rA fli .
r*f OAl^ LADIES' BLACK PLUSH CAPES, richly beaded, lined JUST An Advance Lino of | MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED price 75c a pair, on special sale at dill
LLUnIV. with silk serpe. fronts and storm collar eased with Thibet Q. I QX ! nDPMPn Foreign Fine Printed I KID GLOVES, in dark and medium JX . CC!^ o 4 rrx»T .. « • v i •
nr _n>T fur, former price $3 50, clearance sale price O^.t/O VJKCi>t:iJ. Dimities and English tan shades, regular price $150 a A||. 73 dozen LADIES' BLACK IM- 16 pieces BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN, soft finish, regular price 65c a yard; tj;^
Utr I. Percales. They are beauties. Some pair, will be closed out at Ml j PORTED CASHMERE WOOL Clearance sale price OOKj
styles are limited. Prices low. !  o ' _..„„„ nVRRY VTn HOSE, tine ribbed, double heels,
LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, two buttons, box front, lap $3.95 PIBRONS~" 3 - INCHALL I 83 G d £oVE^ B l L ar T g O buuo.s in me soies and toes, regular price 75c a 50C 24piecesBLACK BROCADED GROS-GRAIN SILK, medium and large de- 7^
nor-Ketx- former nr-rp*7 50 riearance sale wrice t^D-lfO I? I R RPi M ..-I>CHALL OLOVii>, large Dattous, in me- pair, on special sale at VVK) 24 pieces BLACK BROCADED GROS-GRAIN SILK, medium and large de- 7X/»
pocEets, lormer price *7ou, clearance sale price yv.uu K,IDDUI>J. siLKTAF- dium brown shades, regular price dji 00 y signs, regular price $1 a yard; Clearance sale price . <OC
- PIRROISm FETA MOIRE $1 50 a pair, will be closed out at $1.- „ .,.„
KiDoui>id. kibboxs, in — i CORSETS, i, L 5? F c" ~~
LADIES' BLACK SERGE DRESS SKIRTS, lined throughout, velvet QO;; A j assorted colors, value 35c a yard, flr _. , 4 MUTTON GENUINE ENGLISH SATEEX COR>FT^ 20 ° yards 24-INCH SHADED SILK PLUSH, regular price $2 50 a yard; n
.binding on bottom, former price $1, clearance sale price V-'' 7^ will be offered at^. Q'Jl ' KXCH ID GLOVES, em- extra long waist, two side neels! Clearance sale price >, :.....' /DC
. 4-INCH ALL- SIIK TAFFETA broidered backs and large but- each side handsomely embroid-
MOIRE RIBBONS in assorted tons, colors and black, regulur ered with gold silk flossing, black
LADIES' FIGURED SILK SKIRTS, full width, lined with rustle perca- D 7KA colors, value 40c a yard will be 9A price $1 50 a pair, will be closed 00 and drab, regular piice $1 50, (_| AA; 20 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, rich, heavy quality, large designs, *1 25
line, velvet binding 011 bottom, former price $10 50, clearance sale price t? I »O\J offered at. OUC i out at $!•— j on special sale at $J.tVV j regular price $1 75 a yard; Clearance sale price $I*—
________________________^ 1
Mi/ Murphy Building, ,/ Ml/ Murphy Building, / telf Murphy Building, # UJf Murphy Building, / &f(/ Murphy Building, J (/[/ Murphy Building, / if if Murphy Building, J
Market and Jongs Strati Marie? M Jones Streefc I Mcl as 3 Jones tea Market M Jones Streets. Market airt Jonas Strests. Marlet aiii Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets.
iilQliuL ullli uL'llw OUuCii. 1 iuaiAuL dilil jiiilm CiloGii. lilaliLul dllli JIIiIm ulluali. Bidiiui • dDU oOuuS ulloolS. UldlKul dUll JulluS ulluula. lSldiiuL ullli dUlluS ulluulS. Iflal &ol dllll JuliuS ulloGio.
FROM GREATER NEW YORK
Budget of Interesting NeWs and Qossip
About the California Colony ir\ the
Eastern Metropolis
§fjS rare as pink diamonds are the
iLtal-V visiting Californians in Gotham.
l i \\ : 7 Everybody knows that each year
aada to the list of resident ones, LuMt
takes no time to chronicle their names and
social doings. After that has been accom
plished divers times we just sit down and
bite onr thumbs and cultivate a nice little
case of homesickness.
Why don't a band of dear old California
friends form a big excursion party and
come over here to experience the unique
pleasure of sleighing in real snow, skating
on real out-of-'*oors ice and playing at
fencing with long slender icicles that look
like the crystal pendants from some mas-
Bive chandelier? It isn't one-half as bad
as folks imagine.
Toe Eastern weather is undeniably in
vigorating and healthful, especially to
those who have lived for uninterrupted
years in such a mild and gentle climate as
ihat of dear California, with its sifted
sunshine, its never-fading wealth of
flowers and its inexhaustible plenty of
everything.
Change, however, is the zest of life. If
one can always manage to mix the cood a
trifle with a tiny speck of badnes3, with
out doubt the mixer will find a delightful
■.on of warmth creeping into the
lA orners and crevices of his soul.
\ peat, come over here for a few weeks'
change, you California home-bodies! Oh,
never lear, you will be glad enough to
hustle home again very soon, 1 am con
fident.
Twenty-ti vt years ago lower Fifth avenue
was the swellest section of New York:. To
day st is almost deserted by the rich and
mighty. True, there are many old and
respectable families connected with New
York's early history who still live down
near Washington square, and dote on re
calling the "olden golden glory of days
gone by." The Astors, Van Rensselaers,
Vanderbilts, Stuyvesants and all the rest
of the old timers have built magnificent
homes way uptown, between tne Fiftieth
and Eightieth streets.
At the Berkeley, on Fifth avenue and
Ninth street, Mrs. Charles WeDb Howard
is residing. She has beer, there several
months, doing very little entertaining,
but enjoying the few friends who have
helped to make her stay in New York
pleasant.
Mr. and Mrs. Sliafter Howard have been
with her at the Berkeley up to two weeks
ago. when they went to visit friends living
on East Seventy-sixth street.
Karl Howard returned to Harvard last
week. Mrs. Howard anticipates returning
to California the first part of February.
Charles E. Fredericks hurried into the
c^y on Tuesday to attend the sickbed of
J«i father, who is seriously ill uptown.
>^ Fredericks is a guest at the Hoffman
llou-o.
W. F. and Mrs. Cerdes are stopping at
a Broadway hotel.
F. D. Fraser of San Francisco arrived
on Wednesday, and is putting up at the
old stand-by, the Metropolitan.
On Tuesday night the hotel men held
their annual banquet at Delmonico's. It
was a brilliant occasion and the guests
were unanimous in their praise of the
whole affair. The 400 gue3ts (it was a
stag dinner) were served with such won
derful promptness and detail course after
course, and with appropriate wines, that
the most up-to-date bonifaces and club
men opened their eyes in astonished ad
miration.
Apropo?, a pretty little story goes with
this banquet.
James Breslin, the president of the Ho
tel Association of New York, and proprie
tor of the Gilsey House, is one of the big
gest-hearted and most popular men in
town, everybody agrees on that Bcore;
therefore when he was consulted on the
subject of where the annual banquet
should be given, and the luxurious Wal
dorf was mentioned as the most appro
priate place, Mr. Breslin gently but firmly
gave his opinion that, as the annual din
ner had for years been given at Delmoni
co's, he could not see why this year should
not find them stili true to the old place.
Beside, this is Delmonico's last year on
Fifth avenue and Twenty-sixth street,
and as business for liim has not been of
the nourishing kind lately a grand re
nnion of old friends in his banquet-hall
would add much to his happiness as a
caterer and good fellow. Mr. Breslin car
ried the day, and Charlie Delmonico
gave the dear old hotel-boys and their
friends a feast which they will always re
member with a glow of pleasure.
"You see," said one of the guests the
next day, "we not only ate good things,
but we heard splendid toasts, witty and
logical, thus proving that the majority of
heads hold healthy brains and do not
serve as a mere rendezvous for hair."
It was a quaint way of putting it, but
then when I thought of the disgraceful
Seeley banquet at Sherry's I smothered
the laugh on my lips and concluded my
friend had been uttering words of wisdom.
Crossing the river on the Courtland-street
ferry the other evenine were Dr. and Mrs.
Charles A. Wayland of San Jose, looking
as well and hapoy as two little robins on
a spring day. Dr. Wayland is busy at
tending lectures and important clinics,
preparatory to resuming his successful
practice in San Jose when he returns this
spring. Mrs. Wayland (nee Rucker) is in
excellent health and spirits and declares
that New York weather agrees with her.
Bob Davis, the gifted and popular
brother of the witty and original Sam
Davis, is making things hum in liis line of
work here. "Bob" was long connected
with several papers in fan Francisco, ana
now as a metropolitan writer for the New
York Journal and several magazines he
is making rapid headway. Entre nous, I
heard a couple of little birds whispering
that before many new moons the genial
Bob will take unto himself a wife. She is
a beautiful brunette, and the little birds
intimated that she was a young widow.
Of course I may not have the story correct
in detail, but little birds will chirp, you
Know!
Pretty Katherine Gray
again. Since Christmas
has been very ill
the has bad soy-
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 24, 1897.
eral severe hemorrhages from the lunpa
and her physicians have forbidden her to
accept any engagement theatrically this
season.
Her friends in New York are very ten
der and kind in their attentions to the pa
tient little invalid.
Lud Zobel and A. Meyer, merchants
from Los Angeles, are guests at the fct.
Cloi.d. Their stay is limned to two weeks'
sojourn in New York.
From Denver, Colo., comes the' an
nouncement of a quiet Jittle wedding in
that city. The happy couple were Miss
Pearl Wagner, the beautiful daughter of
California's loved poetess, Madge Morris-
Wanner, to Maj;.r B. Johnson, the son of
a prominent Denver financier. May hap
pine-s and the best of good fortune be
theirs!
Madge Morris-Wagner has written a
number of plays during the past two
years, one of which will be produced in
New York some time in June. It is a
strong dramn, dealing with an important
legal question.
W. E. Dennison, the well-known en
gineer and contractor of San Francisco,
reached here on New Year's day, but
hastened away to Boston, where he passed
several days most profitably inspecting
the city street-cleaning department and
investigating the important question re
garding the removal and disposal of the
city's refuse.
Mr. Dennison was treated right royally
when he returned to New York. Cap
tain Warm?, the president of th<* Street
cleaning Department of this city, put a
half-dozen experienced men at his com
mand, and Mr. Dennison had the splen
did opportunity of studying the inside
workings of New Y'ork's magnificent
street-cleaning system.
Mr. Dennison will return to his offices
in San Francisco with very valuable
knowledge concerning the most impor
tant question in a city's government— the
paving and cleaning of streets and the
successful removal of offensive debris.
During his absence from California,
amounting to two months, Mr. Dennison
has tnoroughly investigated the city gov
ernment of St. Louis, Cincinnati, Cleve
land, Philadelphia, Washington, Boston,
Chicago, Kansas City and Denver. He
left New York on Thursday for Buffalo,
where he will stop several days, thence
on to Chicago, arriving in San Francisco
about the 29th of January.
Mrs. Frank Spencer is perfecting her
self in the arts here. She is a member of
the New York Art Students' League, and
a general favorite with the California
colony.
Dr. Agnes Sparks, formerly of San
Francisco and a graduate of the medical
department of the California State
University, is meeting with splendid suc
cess in Brooklyn, where she has estab
lished herself permanently.
Her practice is among the best people in
this c;ty and Brooklyn. Her two sons are
developing into line young men. The
elder son is attending the Mew York Law
University, and the youngerone is rapidly
developing into a musician of prodigious
promise. The piano is his favored instru
ment.
Here is the latest definition of what a
silver thimble is. Of cour-e, it hails direct
from Beacon street, Boston.
"A silver thimble is an argeneous trun
cated cone, convex on its summit and
semi-perforated with symmetrical inden
tations."
Wnew 1 just fancy a sweet-faced, brown
haired Bostonese screwing that long rig
marole into her poor little pate.
There have been rumors lately current
contenting an upheaval in a well-known
Western family; if it develops sufficiently
it will be too good to keep, and as they
are at present in New York— but that
woul d bo telling.
Tbeixa Foltz Toland.
34 Park Row, New York, January 18.
Review of Mines and
Mining in California.
5-JFSLHE legislation which the officers and
k-I'*o committees of which the officers and
Bp committees of the Miners' Associa
j£f $ tion are now seeking at Sacramento
and at Washington is the thing that is
just now enlisting the immediate and
active interest of the men at the front of
mining affairs. Never before has the
securing of such extensive and important
mining legislation been attempted, and the
industry is vitally concerned with the at
tempt. Seldom has so strong and intelli
gent an effort been made to secure laws in
the interest of anything and, fortunately
for the miners, seldom has a campaign for
important legislation in the interest of
any class met with so little opposition.
The present session of the Legislature is
notable for the fact that it is the first
one for a generation in which the
bitterness of the old debris and
anti-debris fight has not figured. It is
like the first National campaign which
came along and left out the bloody shirt
in recognition of the fact that the war was
over. At Sacramento the miners ana the
valley people arc generously and sensibly
joining hands with a disposition to unite
and do something for the common wel
fare. Thus, so far, the miners have en
countered no opposition at Sacramento,
and with Governor Budd heartily in favor
of most of their measures there is a
promise that the miners will get what
they ask.
The most important thing which the
miners seek is the enactment of what may
be termed a State mining code containing
laws to promote the convenience and
protection alike of prospectors, mine
workers and mine-owners. As California
stands alone among the mining Stares in
having never enacted such a badly needed
code, and as the proposition is universally
approved by the miners and affects no
body else, the bill will likely pass about
as approved by the executive committee of
the Miners' Association. No opposition
has appeared to the request for the repeal
of certain stray obnoxious statutes.
The second matter of importance is
the reappropriation of the unused $250,000
appropriated lout years ago on condition
that the United States expend a like sum.
The Government has begun the expendi
ture of thisamount, but a doubt about the
technical availability of the State appro
priation and a necessity for broadening its
purposes to conform to those or the Con
gressional appropriation make a new bill
necessary. As the money lies in the
treasury the appropriation involves no
new burden on the State.
As the miners are ready to support ths
allied measure to expend $300,000 in the
deepening of the Sacramento, there i 3 a
promise that when the Lecislature ad
journs there will be $550,000 avail
able for expenditure on the Sac
ramento and its tributaries in a way
that will add millions to the value and
production of both the mineral and agri
cultural lands of the Sacramento Valley.
The other matter of importance in
which the miners are interested is that of
a liberal appropriation for the support of
the State Mining Bureau. There is some
serious discussion about this, especially
because Governor Budd has recommended
that the bureau be abolished and its work
turned over to the State University. The
miners are generally ready to vigorously
champion the Mining Bureau, and the
friends of the university, who are seeking
a lioeral appropriation, are letting the
discussion alone. The miners assert that
the Mining Bureau is something which
performs its fuiictions,|and is invaluable to
the mining industry.
Its function is mainly to supply needed
information to mining men, a.nd with
the present revival of mining activity the
demand for information is far greater now
than for many years. Thfl College of
Mines of 4 .he university is all right,
the average miner says, but the mining
man generally wants practical informa
tion about where, what, who and how,
and not science, and such practical
information would not be bo well
supplied by purely college men. It is in
sisted that the place for the Mining
Bureau is the City and the most conve
nient location in it. The miners, how
ever, are not much afraid that the Mining
Bureau will be abolished this year.
The Mining Bureau is certainly sup
plying information to a great many people.
Over 100 letters are received daily asking
for publications or information of every
conceivable sort. Dozens visit the library
every day to learn all sorts of things,
from how much bacon a green prospector
needs to the solution of some deeply
scientinc mining problem. Many more
visit the museum, and since the first of
the year over 2500 copies of tb.o last
report have been called for in person or
by letter. It may interest some people,
by the way, to know that there is a grt-at
and increasing demand for copies of old
reports of the State Mineralogist. Only
copies of the tenth and twelfth re
ports can now be supplied by the
bureau, in addition to the one
just issued, the thirteenth. While
thousands of the other reports were dis
tributed free it is very difficult to get hold
of a copy, and many mining men are
searching for them. The second-hand
book-dealers understand their value and
when they get them charge from $1 to $5
for them, according to the year.
The generally credited recent reports
that foreign capital, mainly that of Lon
don, is now especially turning to the
Pacific Coast in search of profitable
investment and acquiring a slight preju
dice against South Africa and Australia
is encouraging to the industry here and
will have a stimulating effect at home
whether the acceleration of foreign in
vestment becomes marked this year or
not. That foreign capital had largely
and eagerly turned to the gold fields oi
tue world and that agents of California
and other Pacific Coast gold-raining prop
erties could find moro ready ears in Lon
don Jhan ever before was well known be
fore this latest report of a disposition to
shun South Africa and Australia came
along, and this readiness to consider
Pacific Coast investments will remain and
grow for some time, for ttiere is a con
gestion of capital seeking profitable in
vestment at a time when there is a more
general turning to gold-mining than ever
before in the world's history.
There is, However, much to justify thesa
reports of mining men returning from
London, and to justify the expectation
that it is what will occur. The rich South
Alrican fields, though they will yield im
mensely for years to come, show signs of
having reached about the limit of discov
ery and development, and hence to have
reached the maximum of their allure
ments. The Australian gold fields have
not yet reached this point, but the extent
to which Australian mines have been over
capitalized and rhe extent to which in
vestors have been bitten in them are
among things which make capitalists con
servative of investment there. The west
ern slope of North America is not only the
richest and most extensive gold-bearing
region of the world, but it is by far the
one having the greatest future possi
bilities in the way of development, and
while this is true ot the entire Pacific
Coast region it is especially true of Cali
fornia. This truth is recognized by the
best-informed men interested in gold
mining the world over, and tbat it will
result in an increasing flow of capital
thitherward deems self-evident.
A syndicate of Salt Lake capitalists is
going to make a determined effort to suc
cessfully develop and work the rebellious
ores of the Meadow Lake mines. There
will be used a smelting process in which
the fumes from the roasted ore will be
blown through a flu* extending 350 feet
on a downward incline to the chimney.
In this passage the fumes are precpitated,
and the antimony and arsenic in the ores
are deposited at different points and
saved.
The suspension bridge across Kl amain
River, below Thompson Creek, for sup
porung the pipe bein? laid to furnish
water for the Nannette B placer mine will
be completed in a few days. The water
suppiy comes from Thompson Creek In a
ditch three miles long, and is then piped
across the river. As soon as the piped
water is ready to start the giants a larger
force of men will be pat on in order to
work the ground along the river on an
extensive scale. This claim is under the
control of Dr. 0. H. Simonds, one of the
principal owners. — Yreka Journal.
The development of the gold resources
of the Pacific Coast north of the United
States boundary seems to have just fairly
begun. Recent expert reports suggest the
probability of rich and extensive quartz
deposits in Alaska awaiting discovery and
development and this year promises the
exhibition of a rush of gold-seekers to
Alaska far greater than that of 1896, de
spite the Dad luck, hardships and failures
met by so many men last year. The de
velopment in British Columbia is just a
little ahead of that in Alaska, and British
capital is rapidly accelerating it. The gold
and silver production of British Columbia
was $500,000 in 1895, while in 1896 it rose,
according to present estimates, to $4,340,
--000. and newspaper talk is of $10,000,000 in
1897.
The Denver Weekly News reports a
large number of ricti strikes in the Cripple
Creek district since the first of the year,
and a rapid increase in the amount and
value of the ore being taKen out, with a
promise that the gold yield for 1897 will
much exceed that of 1896. During 1896
the Elkton mine produced aboui $450,000
worth of gold, and its output for 1897 is
fixed in advance at over $1,000,000. In
December the cross output was $100,000.
A recent shipment of ore from the Fannie
11 mine went over $500 a ton.
Anew mill is to be erected during the
coming summer at tbe Shroeder quartz
mine in Siskiyou County, which is one
of the most extensive mines in that
county. It is now b^ing worked in the
tenth level, 1200 feet below the surface.
The sales of Colorado mining stocks on
the Denver market for the week ending
January 13 aggregated 1,806,100 shares.
With the coming of the winter supply of
water hydraulic and otber placer mines
throughout the northern part of the State
are starting up for the season or increas
ing the scale of operation and activity
will continue until the water supply be
comes shor^ene.l in the summer.
A through ticket to Randsburg or Gar-
I lock can now be bought at points on the
) Southern Pacific lines, the railroad com
j pany having effected a traffic arragement
| with one of the stage lines. The Santa Fa
} is expected to follow suit.
The latest stnfce in the new Randsburg
j gold fields is reported to have occurred on
| the desert between Garlock and Mohave,
! where^a prospector ran into a ledge assay
j ing $600 a ton.
In the Rocky Bar drift mine in Nevada
County some exceedingly rich spots are
being found along the bedrock. From one
I depression three feet in diameter $638 in
. dust and nuggets was found and a hole as
big as a saucer yielded $263.
Anew ledge of rich quartz was found
last week in the Cadmus mine in Nevada
County.
The Salt Lake syndicate operating in
the Meadow Lake district has now bonded
nineteen mines, two more having been
secured this week at $10,000 each.
Tbe Spanish mine in Nevada County
has been shut down until March.
It is reported that a new strike of rich
gravel has been made in the Odin drift
mine in Nevada County, and that M.
Blaskower of San Francisco, the owner,
will resume operation of the mine at once.
The hydraulic mine at Gold Run, Ne
vada County, which ha 3 been bonded by
an English company, is now in full opera
tion.
The Corona Mining and Milling Com
pany is preparing to erect a forty-stamp
mill at its mines in the Tauquitz mining
district.
Dividing the Time.
When Wade Hampton was Governor of
South Carolina in 1878 he and Hueh S.
Thompson, who became Governor in 1882,
agreed to div.de the time at a certain big
"speakin 1 ," says the New York Press.
Each was to take half an hour. Hampton
led off and spoke for forty minutes,
whereupon Thompson protested warmly.
"We agreed to tp^ak thirty minutes
each, didn't we, 1 ' said the Governor,
naively.
"Yes, and yon took forty," replied the
aggrieved Thompson.
• l vV ell, that's fair. The extra ten min
utes were applause," lau?hed Hampton,
and li is rival had to laut;h. too.
KEW TO-DAT.
To the Editor : I have an absolute Cure for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throat and
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands cf apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been permanently cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure, I
will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
BOTTLES of mv Newly Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and I'ostofficc address.
- Always sincerely yours,
T. A. SLOCUM.M.C., 183 Pearl St., New Tot*.
When writing the Doctor, pleaso mention this paper.
be most certain and safe Fain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, Sora
Xbroat, Bronchitis, Congestions and Inflamma-
tion* We per bottle, bold by uru.'^Uu
2122
SUNDAY.... T JANUARY 24, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor ond Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Po»taste Free:
Daily »nd Sunday Call, one\vr-pk. by carrier. .$0.13
Daily snd Sunday Call, one year, by mall . 6.00
Dally *r:d Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily h:.<! Sunday c'ALi- three months by mail 1.50
Dally and fcunday (am., one mouth, by mail- .65
Sunday Call, one year, by ma!'. 1.60
Vv i lk.lv Calx, out year, by mall I>6 o
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
9:30 o'clock.
359 Hayes street; open until t>:SO o'clock.
615 I arkln gtreei open am II 9 3 I o'clock.
S\V. corner sixteenih and Mission streets; open
until 9 o"clork.
•J5lB Mission street- open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 I'olk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
feOS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
r.ooms SI and 83, - i Park Row, »w Tot* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eas<>rn Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Foreclosure begins.
The railroad situation is certainly prom
ising.
We are reaching the right end of the
monopoly.
Harmon has a chance to cut as big a
figure as Olney.
If the Sante Fe will only whirl in and
come to town we will have a jubilee.
Tho Ohio Senatorial prize has been
hung up, but whether for a light or a foot
race is not settle 1 yet.
It looks as if the Nicaragua canal bill
were knocked out, but it may prove to
have been a foul blow.
Democratic organs continue to show
greater ingenuity :n discovering signs of
asjlit in the Republican parly tnan plans
for harmonizing their own.
Ti v ;e much-tal- - .-.ish concessions
to Cuba are subj ct to two drawbacks:
Spain doesn't wish to make them and
Cuba doesn't wish to have them.
Since foreclosure is Harmon's way of
dealing wi:h the Union Faeitic the people
wiil be clad to see the dispute with the
Central Paciiic harmonized also.
An Illinois barber wishe- a law impos
ii.j a tax oi $10 on every man who wears
» beard, and while this may not be a cinch
biil it is evidently intended to shave close.
The Government has been assured that
it will receive for its Hen on the Union Pa
ciric and Kansas Pacific lines at least
■>,QOO, and that is good enough fur a
starter.
The Germans have a law ngainst stock
gambling and dealing in future*, but it is
said to work so badly that even the Kaiser
doesn't consider its violation as an insult
to his uniform.
As the amount which England found it
necessary to expend for her navy last year
was over $109,000,000 it is not strange tbat
her taxpayers are eager for arbitration
with Uncle Sam.
At the present time all the William -
Astur? are out of the United States, and ;
still New York bravely makes a metro- !
politan show and tries to act as if it were
not a deserted village.
The legislators who stood up and ac
knowledged their share in the payroll scan
dal and took their medicine like men will
receive a degree of commendation from
the public, but they mustn't go wrong
again.
Judcinc: from report?, the resolution of
Senator Lodge demanding the abolition of
the Congressional .Record was a motion of
such unexpected suddenness that it made
all Washington oscillate like an earth
quake.
A great deal of useless comment has
been written on the fact that a majority of
the Kentucky delegation in Congress has
expressed disapprobation of the use of
wine in the White Hou«e. The Ken
tuckians should have been asked about
whisky.
A f'llow who professes to know declares
that most of the sardines con-umed
in thiscountry are caught on the coast of
Maine and are preserved in oil made of
coUon seed. From this statement it seems
the only genuine sardine in the case is the
consumer.
During the last four years Massachusetts
has expended $450,000 in exterminating
the gyp«y moth with a degree of success
which is amply demonstrated by the
report of the State entomologist, that the!
war will require $200,000 a year for the
next five years.
Chicago is always considered the city of J
rapid development in this country, while ■
Philadelphia is regarded as slow of
growth, but in the last year $24,819,700 j
was expended for buildings in Philnde!- !
phia. while Chicago put only $22,730,615
into new houses. It is ev.dentiy time to j
revise some of our popular ideas.
The Greater Republic of Central
America has beeun its diplomacy by ob
jecting to the Nicaragua canal bill be
caußß it places the control of the canal in
the hands of the United States Govern
ment, but before long that same G reater
Republic will be very eager to have the
power of Uncle Sam exerted there to pro
tect things.
As one way of solving the convict- labor
question Governor Tanner of Illinois has
recommended that the inmates of prisons
in that State be set to the work of making
schoolbooks. The proposal sounds hum
orous, but as the ycherae would break up
the schoolbook trust and furnish edifying
labor for the average prison intellect there
may be virtue in it.
A new poet has been discovered in the
East in the person of Mr. James Ballard of
Georgia. He sinps of things whereof he
knows and bis poemfl nave plenty of that
"local color" which higher criticism in
cessantly calls for. By way of example,
take th s wood note wild of his native
town of R- doak:
Monopolists this tou-ri has none
Very greatly troubled
For, within ihelast tlirep y*»ars,
I: buMtiPS-i nearly doubled.
If the verse be not accounted poetry, it
Js at any rate a eood advertisement for the
town and gives it enough feet to stand on.
rOBECLOSUBE BEGUN.
The. steps taken by Attorney-General
! Harmon to be^'in foreclosure proceedings
against the Union Pacific Railway Com
| pany are among the most encourazing
• features of the situation. The fact that
I these steps have been taken encourages
: ! the belief that the proposed reference of
! the debts of the defaulting Pac tic roads
Ito a Government commission has no
i chance of being adopted at this session of
'■ Congress. We may expect, therefore, that
the will of the people will be carried out,
i and that the law will be enforced against
these powerful corporations in the same
way as it would be against a defaultine
! homesteader.
It is reported that before beginning any
' proceedings for foreclosure the Attorney-
I General received from the reorganization
! committee of the Union Pacific line a suar
| antee that if the mortgage were foreclosed
j and the property sold the Government
! would receive on it^ liens on the Union
i Pacific and Kansas Pacific roads, includ
j mc the sinking fund, not Jess than $45,
--i 754.000. This sum, therefore, will be the
i least tor which the Government claim will
j be sold, and, since the sale would be pob
' lie, there is a reasonable expectation that
higher bids will be made.
It mii't be borne in mind when consid
ering the financial side of the issue that
'' in any case the debts of the road will have
'to be paid by the people. Even if the re
! funding scheme had been carried out, and
the Government had been assured of the
j eventual repayment of every dollar due
from the defaulting road 3, it would still
! have b en the people who would hare
! had to make the payment. The directors
I of the road, who by its spoliation have
enriched themselves to the extent of many
millions of dollars, would not have paid
one cent. They would have fixed their
rates and fares at such prices as to enable
them to operate the road, pay the debt to
the G-vernnient and still further increase
their already enormous fortunes.
The people are not so much interested
in the amount of money which the Gov
ernment may receive from the road as
they are in the enforcement of the law ]
and the demonstration of the fact that
rich corporations can no moro evade their
responsibilities than can the obscurest
private citizen. Tney have desired to see
the law enforced mainly because it is the
law, and because they were unwilling that j
! this Government, which was powerful j
enough to put down a great rebellion and I
i< to-day strong enough to defy the world
in arms, should show itseli' lacking in
j strength, honesty and integrity to enforce i
i its laws against a giant combination of \
I corrupt millionaires.
The announcement of the beginning of
the forec:o.~r.re proceedings will be re
ceived everywhere with public approval.
It is satisfactory to note that at even a
forced sale the Government will not lose
much of its just claims. Still more satis
factory, however, is the evidence given
that the rich and powerful as well as the
poor must obey the law and fuiill their
obligations to the Government of the
United States.
LETTEfi-CAREIEES.
One of the few intances of business I
promptly transacted, by which the l
National Senate has redeemed itself from ■
ihe charge of making this a session of Idle ;
talk, was shown in the passage of the bill ;
providing for an increase in the salaries of I
the higher grades of letter-carriers. The !
bill having parsed the Senate now awaits
action in the House, and it is to be hoped :
that body will advance it on the calendar
and enact it into law before the session
closes. j i
The measure is a thoroughly meritorious
one and ha 3 been before Congress for I
several years. It provides for the creation j
of a fourth grade of carriers in first-class ! '
postoffices and of a third grade in second- j •
class offices; the salary in the first case to ! i
be $120) a year an.J in the second $1000 a i
year. It haa been favorably reported at ;
several sessions of Congress by committees ; '
of both houses, but until the recent action 1
of the Senate has never been acted on in
either of them.
The condition of the maii-carrier service
at present is this. An applicant for such !
a position must serve for four or five yrars i
as a substitute before he becomes a regu- j
iar carrier and during that time he earns i
but a bare subsistence. "When placed upon |
the payroll he receives for the fir=t year j
$000. In first-class postoffices he receives '
: for the second year $800 and for the third i
year $1000. To attain this salary it will be j
seen he has had to serve eight years, and i
there for the present his advancement is j
barred. The new bill will open for him
one grade higher and after nine years' j
! work lie will pet the proposed $1203 a year, j
; In second-cias* < iliee* the highest salary
• for carriers i- $850, and the bill provides
j therefore for an increase for that class also.
When it is remembered that a hi:_'h
order of intelligence and fidelity and
capacity for long continued and arduous
work in all kinds of weather is required of j
mail-carriers it will be seen that the pro- |
j posed increase in their pay ia no more j
! than justice and the welfare of the service '
requires. A man who has sp>nt nine in- j
j dustrious years in a particular branch of |
the publi- service acquires therein a fund j
of information that is of groat value to j
the people, and it is but right that it
should be duly rewarded.
Tiie bill which has so often been recom
mende I to Congress has now a fair chance
of pas-age. It was passed by the Senate
j without a dissenting vote, and is now be
i fore the House, but unfortunately far
j down on the calendar. It is a measure !
which the leaders of tne Hous? can well
afford to advance to a position where it
i can be acted on before the session closes.
: Its consideration would not long delay
other business, since it would hardly be
j much opposed or lead to a lone debate.
I The House therefore would do well to
imitate the action of the Senate in the
matter and pass the bill at once.
THE SIBERIAN KAILBOAD.
Siberia has been so long associated in
our minds with severity and suffering that
! we regard it as the last place on earth to
| which to go for a pleasure trip. Barren,
inhospitable, dangerous, with a harsh
climate and a despotic Government, its
i reputation repels all travelers except those
1 of a more than ordinarily adventurous
| disposition. We now learn, however,
I from some American tourists lhat since
I the new railroad is being pushed far into
i the interior it is considered by the
j Russians a veritable El Dorado, and
! that people are pourinz into it with pur
i po-e to stay and settle.
The new rood, which is now operated to
Tomsk and will soon be completed to
Krasnoyarsk, the 30-called Athens of Si
beria, i?, we are told, far more comfortable
to travel over than the average road in
the United States. We are also informed
that firearms are a useless incumbrance.
The whole country, it is said, reminds the
American of our own Northwest, and they
talk there of coins out east just as we do
of KOine "out West."
According to reports a quarter of a mil- I
lion emigrants have gone to Siberia from
European Russia in the last few years,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
and scores are crossing tne line every
week. Only about a fifth of those who go
' fail to establish themselves sati-factoriiy.
| The railroad fare is very cheap, and one
j can go from Warsaw to Tomsk, a dis
tance of 3500 miies, for $23 second class
and $15 third class. The convenience
afforded the seconii-class passenger on this
new Russian road might be a good sug
j fce-tion to some of our American roads.
The backs of the seats are made so as to
lift up at nignt and thus one seat forms
two comfortable bunks for passengers to
sieen on without extra charge. Facilities
I for bathing the face and hands are also
provided for the second-class pasie tigers.
In Russia, as we are told by the Ameri
can tourists, the policy of the Government
is to encourage travel, and a large num
ber of passes are furnished. When the
road is finished as far as Yladivostock em
igrants will be carried the long distance
from Moscow to that point, 6000 miles, for
the small sum of $12.
There were a number of prisoners being
j carried out on the train in which the
■ Americans were, but they saw nothing of
i that cruelty or harshness which fiction
I has made us coapie with the thought of
sentences to Siberia; and there is some
peculiarity in the atmosphere and snch a
hardiness in the Russian peasantry that
i numbers of them, who were crowded out
| of s-helter and had to sleep in the open
j fields, seemed far more jolly and comfort
able than travelers who were huddled in
doors.
Judging from the interesting accounts
j received we must conclude that old Sibe
! ria must be wiped from the mind's map of
placed thereon.
NEWSPAFEB INfLUENCE.
Mr. Yerkes of Chicago is not a man
whose reputation adds any weight to iiis
words, but nevertheless he occasionally
says something of sufficient gravity to
need no adventitious aid to add to its sig
nificance. One of these sayings of self
contained weieht he has just expressed iv
the question, '"How can we expect out-
I siders to hold good opinions of our city
when our own newspapers do their utmost
to discredit it? '
The question is the more remarkable
coming from a Chicago man and referring
!to Chicago newspapers. In times past the
j press of that city could be accused of a!
--! most anything rather than of discrediting
aught that was said or done in Chicago.
The question, however, is pertinent to
more cities than the one to which it is ad
, die-s^J. For example, it is directly
; pertinent to the press and the City of San
j Francisco.
The judgment of outsiders concerning
i any community is more affected by the
j newspapers of that community than by
: anything else. It is mainly through the
! press that in our time a commun.t> makes
| itself known to the outer world. Its
culture, its morals, its politics, its busi
; ness and its aspirations are all supposed
i to be expressed or reflected in the news
papers which it supports and which it
sends abroad. If, therefore, these papers
dis-creiit the city, how can an outsider be
expected to hold a good opinion of it?
That eulogists of the press have at times
; unduly exaggerated its influence cannot
I be doubted, but nevertheless that influ
ence is much greater than is some-times
j supposed. Men's minds are largely col
: ored by whai they read every day. If
I they rise in the morning to read in tho
! paper at their breakfast table words of
; sanguine cheerfulness ami good import,
' they will go forth to their day's wort
bright and confluent, trusting i:i tnem
■ selves and willing to trust largely to
others. If, on the other hand, they are
net in the morning with sensational re
ports of crimes, scandals and fo.lit.-s, and
vith reiterated charges of corruption,
sronfdoing and dishonesty in every p^b
ic ollicial from highest to lowest, The
rffect cannot fail to be depressing. The
eader will begin to doubt the virtue of
iis fellow-citizen, the excellence of the
:ommunity in which he lives, and so far
Tom being ready to help public enter
arises will be inclined to regard each and
ill of them as a job whereby some cunning
•ascal is going to defraud the public.
The question ought to be asked every
lay iii Saa Francisco, how can we expect
jutsiders to hold good opinions of our
Lity when our own newspapers do their
jtmost to discredit it? There are papers
whicu live, move and have their being
inly to publish the vilest sensations which
;rime can furnish, or a faker concoct when
crime is not forthcoming. Such newspa
pers delight in magnifying every possible
;rror into an actual offense against honor
and morality. They are eager to seek out
rumors of quarrels in private families, or
differences of opinion among officials, and
?xaggerate them into scandals and charges
of dishonesty. Where such papers aie
supported the fame of the community is
rendered evil by the way in which it is
made known, and anything like a public
support of large municipal improvements
is prevented by exciting in the mind 3of
the peopie a belief that no one in office
can be trusted to undertake them.
To the question asiced by Mr. Yerkes
there should be added another: How can
wo expect outsiders to ho;d good opinions
of our City when we support newspapers
which discredit it? Sensational journal
ism cannot live by the slums alone,
though it may appeal to them lor support
and patronage. In a cettain sense every
subscriber to an indecent, libelous, malig
nant and disreputable journal is an of
fender against the weifira of the City.
Newspapers have influence wider than the
circle by which they are read. They affect
public opinion concerning the community,
and those which devote themselves to
spreading abroad evil reports are injurious
not only to its fame abroad, but to its ad
vancement at home.
PARAGRAPHS AhOUT PEOPLE.
J. C. Marvel, who for fifty years has been the
postmaster of Rehoboth, B. L, has resigned.
Governor-elect Andrew E. Lee, Populist, of
South Dakota, owns more land there than any
other resident of the State, and is still adding
to his possessions.
King Leopold's Christmas gift to his daugh
ter, the Princess Clementine, was an elegant
little victoria, lintd inside witn light brown
Bilk, the Belgian court color.
It is reported in Washington that Congress
man Benton McMillin of Tennessee will be
married the latter part of January to a young
woman of shreveport, La., who is a frequent
visitor to Washington.
Mrs. E. P. Klliott of Minneapolis is the
teacher of fourteen whist clubs in Minneapo
lis and St. Paul. She is the champion player
there and teaches a number of other classes
composed of Doth men and women. She also
gives private lessons.
Almost all the mourning dresses worn by
the German Empress are made at home, and
her Majesty in this way is able to economize
greatly. When in private she likes to be
dressed as simply as possibe, and her favorite
cos.ume is a serge skirt with a pretty blouse
and a simple straw hat.
Mme. Zola has no admiration for her hus
band's literary talents, and openly boasts thc.t
she never read* his novels. M. Zola is quite
happy to again exemplify the iruth ot the
proverb that a prophet Is without honor in
his own country, and snys that he chose his
wife for her heart and not for her head.
THE RALLY
TO MALLALLY.
Caliah&n
Gave a "tea* —a sort of "rally"—
To Mallally,
Who had safely sailed a course
Of rocky "exams" for the "force."
Xo 1 ily of the valley
Was ever garted as was Mallally.
The night he first '
Struck the street
The darkness fled away
And 'twas day,
For his buttons were a sunburst
On the beat.
When afar
His star
Shone
Above his belted zone
Paralytic consternation
Seized the station.
So Mallally, the cop beauty,
When all harm ssed up for duty.
From his helmet in the air
To his brogans on the sod
Was the prize-exhibit tnere
And the glory of tne squad
The idea of a "rally"
To Mallally
Had been caught
As it ran
Through the dome of thougbt
Of Lanigan.
It may be well expected
That Daniel recollected
That no human being living
Was more adept in giving —
Tnat no man on earth abiding
Was more expert providing
Creature comfort than
Callahan.
Aibeit he told Donovan,.
Wno concurred,
And said the plan
Was a "bird."
I'ossib' y some o ther dishes
S ;ch as loaves and fishes
Wore the kind
Running riot through his mind.
When Mallallv
At the rally
Had been felicitated,
Toasted, lauded, dedicated
From drink to drink—
And each particular link
Oi fellowship's eternal chain
Had been drenched again, again,
McGuire got to his feet.
Steadied by O'Con.ior,
And said they had the honor
" There to meet
One whose noble name
Was a searchlight on the glowing
Gulden dome of fame ;
From Pierian fountains flowing
Stnamt of classic lore, this man
Of godly eminence and rank
Had arank"—
(Here Lanigan,
With great precipitation
And elation.
Moved they pour a full libation
Out to godlike Mallally
And the rally).
" A man," went on McGuire,
When the rites were ended
And each deifier
And his draught had blended,
" A man whose reputation
Is an illumination
On the pages
Of the ages.
Brush ana pen
Have combined to glorify
Such men;
Empires have erected
Tombs to such a man-
Though they never die—
Nations have elected"—
(Here Donovan
Awoke and heard
The final word,
And proposed they ratify
MalUlly,
And likewise the rally).
McGuire,
When each joyful ratifier
Had i nu himself on record, said,
" Tate the wine* of morning; tread
The farther bounds of time —
In deeps profound, on heights sublime
Speed away
Beyond the solar ray,
Beyond the splendid force" —
(At this arose MePhail
Of the police-court detail,
And said he had the honor
As did Officer O'Connor
To be of that fine body which in course
Of his remarks the speaker had
Alluded to; and he would add
Th;it they couldn't better make reply
To the sentiment than by
Arising to Malially,
The "force" and the rally).
" —Of gravity," spoke on McGulre,
His train of thought still on the track;
When each repiier
Had made reply and settled back
In his chair.
" Go on and onward where
The burning constellations run
Around some distant central sun ;
Then search each bounding planet o'er,
Beyond"— (McNally
Got the floor.
While he agreed
To all the speaker said, he'd
Take the liberty to state
That while they wait
For Mac to find a star
They could find the bar
And toast Mallally).
When the crowd returned to him
Mnc sailed along through regions dim;
" Beyond," he said, "beyond the flight
Of all conception not of infinite,
Till time itself snnll be
Lost in blank immensity" —
(II 're uneasy, thirsty Ryan
Nndzed O'Brien,
And in a heavy whisper, said he
Thoueht much time was lost already
" Betwixed the drinks," and if McGuira
Flew i
A few feet higher
They'd lose him too).
Then O'Brien slowly rising,
Said with much apologizing,
He was thinking
The hour had corns for drinking
To the honor of Mallally
And the rally. .
When they had done this, fclynn
Checked O'Hrien's speech by saying
Tney might as well begin
Without delaying
To toast Mallally's health,
Success and future wealth,
Which they did with vim
Across the merry goblet's rim.
He would have kept the floor, but McElrcy
Asked what greater joy
Could be theirs than in dispensing,
If the gentlemen were willing.
With other business, and commencing
Tne evening, so to say,
By filling up— he got no further— they
Shut off debate by filling.
When Dolan paid: "We may
Kill time by drinking"— they
Shut off debate by killing.
In this style rushed the rally
To Mallally.
Cfillahan,
When all had gone —
Had liuttered homeward through
The dewy golden dawn
That tinted hill and dale,
Was as "one
Who trod alone
Some banquet hall deserted."
Ho viewed his erst-filled fruitful store
To want and emptiness converted,
And hung a legend on the door
Which ran
" Bar and fixtures new,
For sale.
J. Callahan." Tom Gbegory.
San Francisco, January 23, 1897.
SIR JULIAN'S WAY.
Philadelphia I'resi.
Embassp.dor Bayard has been weeping again
over the wondrous spectacle of John Bull and
Jonathan locked in a friendly embrace
through his good officer Does it ever occur
to the tender-hearted Delawarean that Embas
sador Pauncefote islominously silent on :his
side of the water! No American newspaper
has to chronicle what Sir Julian said at the
Mutual Admirers' annual banquet, or when
he laid the cornerstone of the Hail Columbia
Grammar School, or assisted in celebrating
the Evacuation of New York by the British, or
in comn'emoratine General Jackson's victory
at New Orleans. If S r Julian can promote the
era of good feeling by minding his own busi
ness, does it not seem strange that our Embas
sador at St. James cannot take a British hint?
He takes British compliments, and greedily.
PER ONAL.
R. G. Brown of Bodie is in the City.
• v John Norsevick of Armona i 3 in town.
Warren Campbell of Los Angeles is in the
City.
T. B. Rickey, a banker of Carson, New, is nt
the Palace.
F. H. Ballard of Fresno is a recori arrival at
the Cosmopolitan.
C. M. Coglan of the State Board of Equaliza
tion is at the Lick.
George H. Davi«, superintendent of the 8000
--acre ranch of >\ Lillienthal, near Pleasanton,
E. B. CARR, Editor and Owner of the Ferndale fcntcrprise, Now on a Visit Here
[Sketched from life by a " Call!' art
which is devoted largely to wine and hops, is
among the arrivals at the Russ.
C. F. Kohl of San Mateo is among those reg
istered at the Palace.
A. C. Scanlan of St. Louis and Mrs. Scanlan
arrived here yesterday.
Supervisor J. D. Enright of Santa Cruz
County is on a visit here.
August Broecklin, editor of the Germanin,
Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
United States Judge \\. B. Gilbert of Oregon
arrived from the north yesterday.
Charles S. Craig, a well-to-.10 farmer of Kl
mira, is here, accompanied by Mrs. Craig.
John W. Roe, a prominent merchant of
Wheatland, is registered at the Cosmopolitan.
J. A. Campbell, who is engaged in lumber
ing at Port Blakeley, Wash., is ou a visit to the
City.
Frank H. Short, the attorney of Fresno, one
ol the owners of the Fresno Republican, is at
the Palace.
Basil Schegolefl and Simon and Tsoder
Shadron, mining men of Russia, are at the
Occidental.
H. R. McCullough, general traffic manager
of the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad, is
ai the Palace.
Mrs. F. C. Campbell and her daughter, Miss
Fannie Campbell, ol Sacramento, are visiting
friends in this city.
Dr. C. Aoki and D. Nshioda of Tokio arrived
here on the steamer Gaelic yesterday. They
arc at the Occidental.
Charles CUft, an Englishman, who has for
some time last been visiting in Manila,
arrived here on the Gaelic yesterday.
C. Pernet, Consul of France at Yokohama,
arrived here on the Gaelic yesterday. He is
en route to Paris on a leave of abseuce.
J. H. Kelly, chief clerk of the ocean dock of
the Oregon Kaiiway and Navigation Company,
Portland, 1"» among the latest arrivals here.
J. W. Fletcher, a wealthy farmer of Oregon,
who has for the past six weeks been visiting
Los Angeles and neighboring points, is at the
Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph I. Spear left last night
for the East, proposing to visit Mark Hanna at
Cleveland and attend the inaugural at Wash
ington, D. C.
Presiding Judge Seawell has been slightly in
disposed for several days. He expects to be
able to resume his duties on the bench to
morrow morning.
Henry Blackman, who used to live here, but
who years ago engaged la the mercantile
business in Eastern Oregon, and who is now
Collector of Internal Revenue for Oregon, is
in the City.
A party of prominent Dillon (Mont.) peo
ple are at the Occidental, cons'sting of J. E.
Moore, Mrs. Moore, Misses Blanche B. and
AlmaN. Moore, Howard E. Moore and Miss M.
L. Pailinger.
Fred Marriott of the News Letter will be kept
in a dark room for a few days. He has hod a
delicate operation performed on his left eye
by Dr. Isaac M. Jones. It is not considered
serious, however.
E. H. Vance, one of the wealthiest residents
of Eureka, who owns large interests i:i exten
sive sawmills, the Eel River Railroad, the
Vance Hotel and other properties, came down
from Humboldt yesterday on a business trip.
John Sparks, the heavy grower of cattle in
Nevada, who has extensive ranges there and
has been many years in the business, is quar
tered at the Palace. Mr. Sparks has laiely
been making much money from the sales of
beef cattle.
Earl Daggett of Visalia, the plucky Deputy
Sheriff who braved a brace of bandits on a
Southern Pscific engine, got one and was in
turn shot by the other, is among the arrivals
here. He is suDEtantially weli of his wound,
a very bad one.
W. A. Wilcox and A. B. Alexander, the
special Fish Commissioners of Washington,
D. C who for some time past have been col
lecting statistics about fish on this coast,
returned yesterday f;om Kureka, where they
had been for awe ek. They are at the Grand.
H. G. Struve of Seattle, one of the leading
lawyers of Washington, is at the Palace. Mr.
Struvo has been many years a resident of Puget
Sound and has held many official po*i'.iotis
under the Territorial government. Of late
years his law practice has been so large that
be has devoted his attention solely to it.
Among the arrivals here is Henry Heppner,
the widely known pioneer of the Uuiatilla
country, who is a famous man in his way
thore. For many years he ranged his exten
sive bands of shei-p over what are kaowa ns
the Heppner Hills. lie also founded the town
of Heppner, now a flourishing p^ace, the
center of the farming and wool industry Jor a
large territory in Eastern Oregon, Mr. Hepp
ner is accompanied by Henry Blackmail of
Portland and J. Hoover of Spokane. He will
probably be here for some time.
CALiFORNiANi IN NnW YORK
NEW YORK, K. V.. Jan. 28.— At the Plaza,
C. t. Griswoid; Hoffman, B. Manzy; Albe
marlo, D. T. Perkins and family; Broadway,
P. (ireenb?rr, S. ErhMch; Metr politnn, Dr. R.
C. Mevors; Barrett, P. 6. Batis; Marlborough,
E. F. Murphy. Miss I). Hays left the Piazi to
sail oa the bervia for Eng;and.
If a man really received all his punishment
on eurth, what a lot of fun. his enemies could
have— Buffalo Times.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
Edward B. Carr, editor and proprietor of the
Fernd le Enterprise, the only sem'.-weekly
newsraper in the northern part of California,
and recognized as one of the best local papers
in the State, is registered at the Grand. He
was interviewed last evening by a (all repre
sentative, and reports good times in Eel River
I Valiey, now noted as one of the great >'.:.iry
j centers of the West, notwithstanding tfte gen
I eral business depression which prc-vails on the
| coast. Fernap.le is located In the heart of Eel
River Valley, o:nl '1 » bvautiful iiitic- city,
which has aboat duub.ed the numb-profits
buiiditips.
"The thousands and thousands of acres of
rich bottom land which surround the town,"
\ said Mr. Ciirr, ♦•furnish green fe d for the
i thousands and thousands of cows dairied In
iho valley. Eel River creameries, with their
moderu machinery, havj revoiutioaized i lie
j dairying industry in Humboldt County, hay
: in? brought Dutter-making down to a science,
■ and tneir production is now placed on the
market as the standard of excellence.
"The creamery has entirely supplanted the
old method of butter-making in the valley,
thus resulting in a material saving to the
dairymen in labor, e:c, as well as increas
ing the amount and greatly improving the
quality oi the product. By the separator pro
cess, it is estimated that aay given quality of
milk will yield 15 p?r cent more butter fat
than by the o.d time pan process.
"The creamery men of llumboidt County are
now well organized, having what is known as
the Humboldt ("r.-amery Exchange, and a large
number of the dairymen are also members of
the California Dairy Association."
Mr. Carr states that a fine new creamery 13
now being erected at Grizzly Bluff, three miles
from Ferudale, to take the place of the one
recently destroyed by fire, and when com
pleted, its owners hoce to have the best
equipped and most convenient creamery in
the State.
The pasturage in Eel River Valley is prin
cipally red clover arm grows proliflcaily
throughout the year without irrigation, and
it is not uncommon to cut three heavy crops
of clover hay from the same piece of land dur
ing n season. At Port Kenyon, two miles from
Ferndale, a condensed milk factory is in suc
ce?sful operation, and the product therefrom
is snid to equal the celebrated Gail Borden
brand. Messrs. Smith and Alexander, the
gentlemen in charge of the factory, are ex
perienced in the business, have means to back
it up and its success is already nssured.
Mr. Carr states that The Call is now the
popular San Francisco daily in his neighbor
hood and that the people of his county are not
lacking in appreciation of The Call's efforts
to advertise and make known the advantages
of their section of thu State.
EUT IT IS THE LAW.
Albany Argus.
New Yorkers are laughing at an absurdity of
legal decision in a recent case in which it was
held that: "A dog is not vicious in contem
plation of the law until he has established a
reputation by a first bite." It is not recorded
that the Judge offered his services for experi
mentation as to the dog's vicious propensities
by the rule proposed.
A PLHA FjK Ti.E APPLE.
Medical Review.
A Brooklyn physician translates the followj
ing from a German writer: "The apple lssuch
a common iruit that few persons are familiar
with its remarkably efficacious medicinal
properties. Everybody out;ht to know that
the very best thing he can do is to eat apples
jtißt before going to bed. The apple Is ex
cellent brain food, because it has more phos
phoric acid, in an easily digestible shape, than
any other fruit known. It excites the action
of the liver, promotes sound and healthy sloep
NEW TO-DAY
FRESH
BARGAINS
Last week the store was crowded,
but extra clerks were in attend-
ance, and all were waited on.
Infants' Fine Black C'oth
Top, buiio:i, hana turn-
ed, with pretty bowi at
top, patent leather tip,
size? 2 to G. Reduced
from $1.00 to 70c
Infants' Fine Kid, button,
pat-lit leather tip, hand
turned, 6izes 2 to 6 45c
Child's. Kid Button, hand
turned, patent leather
tip, spring heel, sizes 5 to
S. Reduced to ~5 C
Child's Pebble Grain, but-
ton, stout soles, narrow,
square toe and pebble
tip. spring heel, s zesd to
1\ 2 . Reduced lo 80c
Hzes 8 to 10J(t Re-
ductd to 90c
Misses' Pebble Grain, but-
ton, styli-h, narrow,
square to- and pebble tip,
■prime heel, sizes 11 to 2.
Reduced to SI. IO
L dies' Fur-bound Romeos.
Reduced from $1.50 to SI. OO
Ladies' Wine-colored Kid,
tur-bound Romeos. Re-
duced from $2.50 to SI. BO
Kast 9 s
738-740 Market St.
Carry a Fnll I me of Buckingham
Jt Hecht's Kin« Shoes.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
and thoroughly disinfects the mouth. It a'.-o
apglutinat'-s the surplus acids of tne »tom»cii,
helps the kidney secretions and prevents ca.
tulus grow h, whiie it obviates lnal«e»tlon
and is one of the best preventives vi diseft»» •;
' of the throat. Next to lemoi and orange, U
; aisothe best antidote for the thirst and cravmx
; of persons addicted to the alcohol and opi'^BH
1 habit."
SBZZ-E IANT VvANTIT.
I Sezz?e Dont Wfcmit (does his tribe Increase?)
j Awoke one night from a deep dream of p? ace
And saw within ihf moonlight, in his room.
i Making It brilliant and l-e a candidate's boom,
McKln.f-y wri 2ln a book of gold.
Jtxeeedlng nerve had made I>,ut Wnntit bold,
And to the Pres-nct* :. the room he said :
"What -vritest U.on?" T he Alaj->r rn'.-t'Ml bis head
A '1 with a AOundeU l:k>- a sob.
Answered: "'1 hr- names of iho-ie who want a job "
"And is mine one?" asked Sezzee. Sy. cot so,"
. Rep led the Major. Sezzee spake more low,
.' in che? fully sihi, and (laid : "You know vie. Hi;
I Just fix it, won't you so It never will." "
Ii h- M; jor wrote and vanished. ihe nex'. night.
I He came asain with a great wakening light.
And showed the names of tfcose ■bonld have th«
bes'.
1 And Sezz-e Lo it \Vant ; name led a.l the rest
—N. V. Suu.
KEvVSPafER PLEASANTRY
"I suppose there were gome bright thingi
sail at Mrs. Lionunter's literary dinner party
last nigni?"
"A few."
"Who got off :he most interesting?"
"The butler— when he remarked that dinner
was ready."— London Illustrated Ken
'•I understand, sir, that you called me a
freak?"
"No, sir; I did not I called you a two-faced
idio:."— Philadelphia North American.
Famous Author (who has been invited to
dinner, to himself)— Whs t a wretched menu I
I shall take good care not to make any witty
remarks.— Fuegende Blaetter.
"Hear what they are going to put ou the old
planter's tombstone?"
"No; what?"
••He wouldn't raise anything but rom on
his p.anta:ion, so his enitaph U to* be ' Corn,
but not for cotton.' "—Cincinnati Commerce.
Tribune.
"You don't loot literary," said the poet,
•'though you say you ure. Those rags—"
"Hold!" cried tha tramp. "I have been try
ing to make a living by selling your books."
Then the poet put his arms around him anl
they wen: in and ordered dinner. — Atlanta
Constitution.
Borgeus— Say, Fred, can't you lend me $10?
I shall have some money coming in the last oi
next week.
Giljcal— Very well. We'll wait until the last
ot next weefc.— Boston Transcript.
The industrious workman's fingers fairly
flew.
But what else could he have expected? The
saw was running at full s: ced.— indianapol.3
Journal.
Friend— Don't the police know anything
about the burglary?
The Victim— l don't think so. I doi/
pt-ct the police.— Bo- ton Guardian.
Mother— Tommy, what on ear::. -
ing for?
Tommy— He's angry with cc. 1
cause I was trying to ma!-:-:
your glove stretcher. — Pn
ONLY SX GUi c-F FOKIY-FOTE.
Baltimore Herald.
Of nil the States in thp Union there tre only
six in which the Legislature meets annually,
these being Georgia. Mas.-cchnserts. Kew Jer
sey, New York, Rhode Island and South Caro
lina. Formerly there ««re a number of others,
but one by one they have adopted biennial
sessions, for the reason that frequency of legis
lative sessions unsettles business. In tn-j
States which still adhere to annual sessions
opposition sentiment is also gaining ground,
and it may riot be long before all the States
have abandoned the yearly meetings.
STRaINE LtURTESY.
New York .Mall ana Express.
History will no doubt set Altgeid down as
the most dangerously polite man that ever
held office us Governor of JUinois. As far si
the record shoti-s no convicted muri'.eier ever
begged his pardon without getting it.
THE NIGHT PACING AWAY
Philadelphia Te.egraph.
Jt is gratifying to note the resumption of
activity at a number of industrial points in
the East and W< St. The dark clouds will soon
break for good. The ni£i.t of Democratic de
pression wiil not last much longer.
California glace fruits, 50c ib. XownnoaiTi. 1
/ • — • — •— •
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street.
Iceckeam and cakes. Guillet's, 905 Larkin. *
Bcrnktt's Corn Cure. 327 Montgomery. 25c •
Ppecial information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the tran
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery. *
Rudyard Kipling recently refused a hand
some price for his Vermont farm. Itisgaid
that after next year he will occupy it perma
nently. ___ -i .
No toilet is complete without a bottle of Ayer't
Hair Visor- th? be<t ha'r-dressing. Ask your
druggist for Ayer's Almanac.
If afflicted with sore eyes use D: Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Druggls s sell it at 25 cents.
i General Caspar Crowninshield, who died last
| week, came of a noted Massachusetts family,
I two of his ancestors having been Secretaries of
I the Navy. He i erred bravely during the W ar
: of the Rebellion «s an officer of the Second
I Mas>fu'huse'.ts Cavalry Regiment, being wiih.
| Sheridan in sonic of his most noted conflicts.
IfEW TO-DAY.
AT
KAST'S
SEMI-ANNUAL
CLEARANCE
SALE.
This week we cut the former
prices in two. Come early in the
morning and avoid the crush.
An assorted let of Ladies'
Hut ton Shoe.", sizes 2, 2}«
aiid 3, A A to C width, .*4,
■6, $ri and 87 sheet. Re- O'»r r
duced to • y»SC
Ladies' Felt Lace Shoes,
felt soles. Reduced from. 1.50 to 750
Ladies' Felt clippers, wi h
leather soles and low
he« s. Reduced irom £1.00 to 65c
Ladies' Fine Glace Kid
Lace Shoes, pointed toe
■D 1 up. Reduced fr0m.. 52.50 to 51. 55
Ladies' Box Calf, double
sole, laced, pointed toe.
RedMC-d from $3.00 to 83.15
Boys' Veal Button, sixes 11
toG. Reduced ir0ra.... ..52.00 to 51. 15
Men's Fine Calf Lace and
Congress. Reduced irom £'- 00 to 51. 50
Men's Calf, cork s >le.«, lace
and Congress. Reduced
fr0m..... .*4 and to S3.
I Min'a Best French Calf,
patent leather, lace and
Congress, assorted. Re-
duced iron 17.00 to 94.00
A net 1 lot ol Men's Ca 1,
calf lined, double soie,
pointed toe, lace shoes.
Reduced irom. $4.00 to 83.85
118 pairs Men's Fine Coif,
razor or narrow square
toe, lace, nice dressy
Bnoes. Ed from... .$3.00 to S3 60
ixRStS
738- Market St.
We Do Not Prepay Mail or iJx-
press Charges on -the Above Adier*
titteit Goods. . -^WB|
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.Like a Y&pzr Lar\terr\.
Yonk Kocrciu.
Oh, my friend, thou will not come back to
me this night!"
1 am alone in this lonely cabin,
Alas, in the friendless universe,
And the snail at my aoor hides stenlishly
his horns.
"Oh, for my sake, put forth thy honorable
horns!
To the eastward? to the westward? Ala?,
where is truthfulness? goodness? light?
The world enveils me; my body itself this
night enveils my soul.
Alas! my soul is like a paper lantern; its
pastes wetted off under the rainy night,
in the rainy world.
flush.' Whose Sobs?
YOKE NOGUCHI.
The bare tomb stands in the wind;
The veilless moon shivers, breathing her
yellow sighs Among the naked twigs;
The broKen banina leaves chant in silence
"We are content with sadness!"
The immovable hillside cabin is dumb,
enwrapped by tne • thousand autumn
•voices.
Hush! A maiden's sobs! Are they the
ripple-tears of the friendless brook
breaking the stillness?
"Oh, my love, my love, lam here!" I murmur,
but I hear no reply in the darkness.
apSjALLEYRAND once remarked that lan
/.l^ guage was used to conceal thought, and
Y|y\ one is apt to recall this saying after the
"^^ first reading of Yone Noguchi's volume
of '-monologue," entitled "Seen and Unseen."
if a further acquaintance with the poems con
vinces us that there is a good deal to be said
on both sides of the question the fact remains
that the most obvious things have not been
said at all. Those who have professed to see
a very deeD and vital significance □ tnis
strange jumble of words should remember
that words, too, are vital, that their character
is built up by the consent of untold genera
tions of men and that no one has the right to
wrest the life out of them by any unwarranta
ble use. Hear what that critic who was strong
in this if he was weak in much else has to say:
"The material the painter or the scuiDtor uses
is meager in comparison with that of words.
Words have not merely music as sweet as that
of viol or lute, color as ricn ana vivid as any
that makes lovely for us the canvas of the
Venetian or the Spaniard, and plastic form no
less sure and certain than that which reveals
itself in marble or in bronze, but thought and
passion and spirituality are theirs also — are
theirs, indeed, alone. "
How daro one writer ignore the essential
being of a word gained by this universal con- i
sent'. 1 Why will critics forget tha: art nas re- i
quiremenls as well as capabilities! and that it
is not only a form of expression, but the most '
adequate, lucid and Deautilui form as veil?
But form of any kind is 120 part of these pro
ductions. They are »ore vague than jelly
fish. They make what Mr. Goase calls "litera
ture in the condition of protoplasm." They
are so *oose and disjointed that they are easily
molded into any shape and will give forth
;j&t as much meaning as the Individual !
reader puts into them; and this is no 1
doubl the secret of their attraction for some
very intelligent people. This is the gist of
Mr. Gosse's explanation of Walt Whitman's
charm, and it seems to apply with equal force
to Youe Noguchi. But the mere fact of a
vagueness sr.fficient to charm a reader into
seeing a reflection of his own thought is
hardly a warrant as to the excellence of a !
piece of writing. It might so easily be only
utter nonsense after all. If our minds are bent
upon it we can discover a profound ethical
significance in that delightful rhyme of our
ood,
Four and twerity blackbirds baked in a pie,
&s a recent philologist has with delicate irony
pointed out.
It would seem comparatively easy to be
merely unintelligible, and many of us without
even aspiring to be poets might write such
lines as:
x»<Jiag Ho* of love-deal rose sing of passed dam
sels' salness (or pleasure?) colored, juicy caeeks.
Frankly, however, it is not as easy as it
seems. One can imagine the zest with which
' Nordau would have classified the author of
this. Amoa; the ranks of his ''degenerate"
how he would have hurled his choicest adjec
tives, hysterical, egomaniacal at his defense
less head. With what scorn would lie have
recardea "the deep, deepness deepness in the
beginning"; "the gray-boned wind," "the
saber-cornered wind"? In truth, one is
templed to ask, why "gray-boned"? and why
• "=aber-cornered"? We are used to a wind with
astiarpedge, even to a wind with teeth, but
why accustom ourselves to a geometrically
shaped wind with coraers? These are the i
places where we are half-inclined to think, it
a.l a huge joka and ourselves the more fools
for taking It seriously. And we remember'
that the editor of these poems was the author
• of the --Purple Cow," and the man who would
i "rather have fingers than toes," that delight
• fully inconsequential nonsense, which many
wise reop.e took to be a burlesque en this
very sort of writing.
And then we read a little farther till we
come —
U matchless Mistress Moon in a chamber of un
fathomable peace,
And our unbelief changes to a mood half-way
. between pleasure and perplexity. Again, we
read:
Wheo I am lost In the deep body of . the mist on
the hi.!,
The wor.d seems built with me a* its pillar.
And again:
Dreamy peace dwelt with me, whose magic vapors
inclosed roe, softly as lovers' shadows,
And we come to believe that while enthusiasts
are undoubtedly seeing in the po.-msagood
deal of what they themselves take there, the
people who reject them as absolute nonsense
are probably quite as much mistaken on the
other side.
Any reader with even a slight knowledge of
oriental literature and mysticism has some
undeis landing of Noguchi's pointof view, and
without this it is hopeless to attempt the
poems. Even the readers of Fitzgerald'y partly
occidentallzed Omar have more chance here.
What lover of the Ktibaiyat, when he recalls
tome little talk awhile of me and thee
There was— aDd then do more of thee and me,
has not more tolerance for "When I come
back to me." "When the future shall be the
past," "I come Dack to me," or 'I go on to
me," "Shali be as me," "What do I mean by
me? I, whom the god made at first for
me- I
If we have pondered with the Persian mys- i
tics on th« relativity of everything morbid and |
• the unreality of all outward aspects, we see
what he would arrive at when he says:
The world Is round; no-headed, no-fooLed;
Having no left side, no right side!
And to say Cicodnes* Is to say Badness,
And to say Badness Is to say < ness.
The wor.d Is bo filled with names; often the
necessity is forgotten, often the difference Is un
named.
The name is nothing '.
> ait Is west. . ;
West Is east. .
South is north.
North is south.
The good man stands In tbe world lite an un
known god In >omewbere, where Goodness, Bad- !
ness, Wisdom, Foolishness meet face to face at the I
divisionleis borier between them.
There is to many minds a peculiar fascina- ]
I tion in the illusive, the mystical, the
transcendental. But after all this is nothing
! new. it is as old as thought and has been ex
! In countless ways. Of course we all
know that originality ij only seeing freshly
, and presenting freshly the same old subject;
but does not that imply presenting it clearly
| aud poignantly? A mere extravagant use of
; words will not accomplish this. At tne same
time, one at all in sympathy with Oriental
thought cannot read Noguchi's lines without
finding indications of real poetic feeling and
' occasional poetic expressions. And granted
: this much one realizes how easy it would be to
read into ail the verses deep meanings and
'. subtle beauties, and, like Narcissus, become
quite enraptured with our own reflection in
j this stream of wards.
[ Let us quote further from Mr. Gosse: "There
! is one condition which distinguishes art from
mere amorphous expression; that condition is
the result of a process through which the
vague and engaging observations of Whitman
never passed * * * he lay spread abroad in
a condition of literary solution • • • wait
! ing for the structural change which never
j came • • • for want of a definite shape
| and fixity doomed forever to sit apart from
the company of poets." If for "Whitman"
we read Xoguchi. and apply these words p.s in
deed they seem to apply, to him, his admirers
mignt retort that we are bringing a heavy bat
tery to bear upon an unarmed man, and that
th s young Japanese, with his imperfect
knowledge of our English tongue, makes no
claim of art for his verses or of a place for
! himself in that "magic realm." The answer
seems obvious that the author of a published
j volume of poems does put forth a tacit claim
| of consideration as a poet, and that if he uses
I the English language he s.iould abide by the
laws of that language— indeed, he
would wish us to regard nis productions as •
! did that amiable reader whose sex inclined her
| to kindness, and who, after puzzling througa
J half a dozen of the ''monologues," remarked:
"Well, no doubt he writes much better poetry
i in English than we could in Japanese."
This much surely the most exacting critic
\ would be willing to grant.
,
FOR THE STUDIOUS
CHRISTIANITY AND IDEALISM— By John
Watson, LL.D. The Macmillan company. New
York. Price $1 25. For sale by William
Do.tey, Palace Hotel, City.
This is the second volume of the publications
j of the Philosophical Union of the University
1 of California and is a natural sequel to the
, author's previous work, "Comte, Mill and
Spencer," which has been the basis of the
: studies of the Philosophical Union during the
i year 1895-189 G. The criticism of that book
was submitted to counter criticism by the
members of the union wno were deepest
versed in the sciences discussed. This later
work of Dr. Watson is •the completion of his
j part of the discussion. It treats of the Chris
' tifin ideals of life in its relation to the Greek
j and Jewish ideals and to modern philosophy.
The author shows how Christianity was de-
J veloped out of Judaism and Hellenism, and
hew idealism rose out of lower philosophies
such as empiricism, positivism and agnos
ticism. He exposes the onesidedness that
would recognize the negative thought of the
age exclusively, but he does not dismiss this!
thought as worthless. He would only keep it
in its proper relations to the. more definite and
lruitful systems of philosophical and reli
gious thought. He regards a belief in God, in
our responsible Ireedom, and in our immor- I
tality, as a necessary foundation of civilized
society. He shows that the union of morality
and religion cannot be severed without the
destruction of both.
The whole history of man goes to prove
that no advance of the one has ever taken
place without a going forward of the other.
He says what is distinctive of Christianity Is
not the union 01 morality with religion, but
the comprehensiveness of the principle upon
which that union is based. In conclusion we !
are told that Christianity must free itself from
the narrow conception of life by which Protes
tantism has tended to limit its principle, and
recognize that the ideal of Christian manhood
embodies the Groek love of beauty, the Jewish
ideal of righteousness, the Roman ideal of law
and order, and harmonizes all by the divine
spirit of love to Goa and man.
DONE EY THE DUCHESS
NOR WIFE NOR SIAID-By Mrs. Hnngerford.
American Publishers' Association, New York.
Paper 50 cents.
This is a reissue in paper cover of what Is
said to be one of the .Duchess' best novels.
Those who like this style of literature will no
doubt find the story very entertaiuing, arid
the Duchess' style is widely known. The
Literary World of Boston says: "There is no
use snubbing the Duchess. Her books sell
better than those of many standard authors."
So she is evidently giving multitudes of peo
ple what they want, and anyone who pays at
tention to the new books that are being pub
lished can see that some readers must make
worse selections than those who delight in her
productions.
The woman, who was neither wife nor maid, j
is good, sweet, beautiful— all things neces- j
sary for a most fascinating heroine— and her
i anomalous condition came about from her
, supposed marriage with a man whom she
i believed a widower, and who had every rea
son for believing himself one, but his wife had
'■ only seemed to die. The climax of the story
comes when this wife, who was neither loved
; nor lovable, is about to die for the second
time, while Mary, the heroine, is at the same
i time about to become .a mother. Then the
j good husband finds himself irantically and
j murderously wishing that the unloved wife
| might die in haste; he begrudges her even
i five hours of life. The sister of the heroine
! says she is going to get down on her knees
| and pray that the wife may die quickly, so
i that Mary may be happy instead of sad in her
; motherhood. The situation in which the
! Duchess has placed these people will be thnll
; ingly interesting to some tastes and intensely
absurd to others. "Every one to his own
taste."
FICTION ABOUT SCIENCE
FACING THE FLAG. By Jnles Verne. P.Ten
nyson Neely. Now York. Paper, 50 cents.
In conformity with his cu'ujm.JulesVerne has
here told us a most incredible wonder tale, but
which is nevertheless based to some extent on
the truths of science. If some of the men who
have passed the age of three score years and
J ten could by some hypnotic spell be made to
forget all that has happened in the last half
century, and then be given one of Jules
Verne's wild romances to read, he would scarce {
be able to pick out from the mingling of highly )
imaginative fiction and marvelous facts in the j
book, which were the truths and which the I
creations of exuberant fancy. When Tenny
son speaks of "nourishing a youth sublime
with the fairy tales of science and the
thoughts that shake Mankind," he no doubt i
means that the achievements of modern
science read like the marvels of a fairy tale;
aud in this story of Jules Verne's the part I
played by the submergible boat in which the j
pirate chieftain dives through the deeD sea to
the heart of a great grotto on one of the Ber
muda Islands, marvelous though it seems, is
based on one of the fairy tales of science
which are facts.
The story is about a half-crazed inventor
who has a new explosive of such destructive
power that whatever nation becomes owner of
it would be easy master of the world. He is
kidnaped by the pirate and carried off to the
pirete's lair in the heart of what the lnhabi
ta'riis of flic island are made to believe is a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
BOOKS
AND
BOOKMAKERS
PLEAS/\NT MOME^JS WITH JHE CUJRJREJMT VERSIFIERS.
The Weavers.
One at her looms toiled fast— early and lato
she wrought;
But the grief and plaint of her days in the
silent web were caught.
And after her hands v. ere stilled, all the cold
world would see
Was the woman that drudged and sighed, and
the shade of her misery.
One sane, in her humble place, a song that
the shuttles knew,
And a goidon thread of hope the
woof ran through.
And after the task was done, and after the day
had fled.
The work of her hands shone fair, though the
woman, unknown, lay dead.
—The Peterson Magazine.
Jack, Who SeWs JHis Buttons or\.
Jack, who sews his buttons on,
Lives on the tonpest floor,
An' every day, before he's gone,
We raps upon his door.
He hollers loud, "Come right in, kid's!"
An' laughs and says, "Take off your lids!"
Ma says that's slang, but me an' Don
Likes Jack, who sews his buttons on.
Srometimcß, to please us two, he plays
His ynller violin,
An', say, his eyes jnst seem to blaze —
I hoi' my breath right in
An' seem to be a fioatin' roun'
In some bright place above the groun',
A driftin' way from little Don
With Jack, who sews his buttons on.
lie does th' awful queerest thing-
He Kleep-s ail day, nen goes
An' writes about th' folks what sin;
burning crater by periodically setting fire to
great misses of seaweed. When men-of-war ot
various nations are bent to fight the pirntcs
the inventor, who is a Frenchman, suddenly
becomes conscious when he sees the tricolor
flying from the French ship that he is commit
ting the crime of lese-patrie, and rushing to
the magazine whoro his terrible explosives
were stored he blows up the pirate crew and
their fortress.
LOVE LOST, BUT GREATNESS
GAINED.
CHKISTIaX VELLACOTT-Bv Henry Seton
Merriman. American Publishers' Corporation,
New York. Paper. Price, 50 cents.
A thoroughly good story, ot a singularly
strong character, is this account of the la
borious and well-tried life of the journalist,
Christian Veliacott. It records tne double
strain put upon an ambitious young man by
managing a great newspaper, and going every
night weary from his dest to the far more
wearying duties of an unhappy home. Ouce
he ventured to take a vacation for a month.
The relaxation from work was fatal to half his
hapraness, for he meets at a friend's country
house the woman he is to love, but not to
marry. A part of the story is a graphic ac
count of the communistic outbreak In Paris.
We are told that there can never be any real
peace for a man like Christian Vellacott, for
! ambition had set Its hold upon Him. Ha
wanted to do more than there was time for.
"Line many of us, he began ny thinking that
life la longer than it is." Disappointment
never made him wnver in his work, and at the
end of the story Veilacott's dear friend, the
Jesuit missionary, says to him: "And row
you are a great man. they tell me. I thought
there was some one ci»e — some woman — who
was waiting for newt" "There is no woman
who wants news of me," said Veilacott, ','and
the result is, as you kindly say, I am a great
man now— in my way."
Among me many true and worth remem-
An' plays In actor shows;
He smokes a skull pipe and his hair
Is always mussed, and he don't care
How much we pull i; — mo and Don —
01' Jack, who sews his buttons on!
Ma says that he hns sowed wild wheat
'N's a prodigious son.
But wunst a lady, dressed so sweet,
Went upstairs on th' run
An' called him hern and burst In tears—
An' nen th' door shut— but II 'pears
He wouldn't go, an' me an' Don
Kept Jack, who sews his buttons on.
One day last week a piece ma read
Near made her faint away ;
It suiii 'at Jack, right from his head,
Had wrote an actor play,
An' he was rich an' famous, too,
An' ma says: "Here's a howdy do!"
Now all 'cept us says Mister John
To Jack, who sews his buttons on.
—Chicago Record.
and the
Lome's Way.
Why <lo I love you, sweetheart mine?
In sooth. I cannot My.
Love came to me so stealthily
I never saw his way.
His gentle footsteps scarcely pressed
The pathway to my heart;
I only raw him standing there
And knew he'd ne'er depart.
How can I tel! what brought him when
I know not how he came?
I only knew, snd bowed belore
The magic of his name.
So many are more beautiful?
Ah, well, perchance ' tia true;
So many are much better, dear?
Sweet, no one else is "you !"
—Baltimore American.
Bering sentences in the book is this: "So po- i
tential is !o-day that it not only holds to-mor- '
row in the hollow of its hand, but it cau alter '
yesterday."
SENTENCED TO SIBERIA
DARKEST UL'SSIA— By H. Grattan Donnelly.!
Street & Smith, New York. Paper, 25 cents.
This is a story from the play of that name, |
written by the same author. The book is '
quite well, written, contains a number of
thrilling adventures and some descriptions ol j
scenes "that make you see them." One of
these is of the nihilist rendezvous, where, In '
an underground chamber, some very exciting
scenes take place among the conspirators.
The Minister of Police and the elaborate sys- '
tern of espionage of the Russian Government !
are made vivid to our apprehension by this j
account of their workings. A pretty love story '
adds to the interest of the adventures, and ia
the end the lovers are saved from the terrible j
sentence to Siberia and they sail across tho !
Atlantic to seek happiness in a freer land.
BALKED AMBITION.
MR. BAILEY-MARTIN. By Percy White.
American l'ubllsbers' Corporation, rvew Yoric.
Price, 00 cen,s, paper.
This story, told in the first person, starts out ;
with a Rousseau-iike promise to make a con- '
fession that would take off tho close-fitting j
case by which, "self" is covered and let the j
world see the mainspring of the teller's char- i
acter. It is a sad story told by a satirical man
with such a sense of humor as to brighten
pages that otherwise would be all too somber.
Mr. Bailey-Martin is born of parents who are j
vnrv anxious to get on in a worldly way, and j
the acsire to succeed and form connections j
with aristocratic families lias been a trait of |
so many of hi* ancestors that the boy iuherits j
a teudency that way just as a retrievar pup is
born with a faculty for retrieving.
A maxim of Martin's father was that It was
just as cheap to know noba as suods and much ,
y\t Sea.
Shall w<\ the storm-tossed sailors, we«
For tnoso who may not sail again;
Or wisely envy them, and keep
Our pity for the living men?
Beyond the weary wagte of sea—
Beyond the wider waste ol death,
I strain my gaze and cry to thee,
Whose still heart never auswereth.
O brother, is thy coral bed
So sweet thou wilt not hear my speech?
This hand, methinka, if I were dead,
To thy dear hand would strive to reach.
I would not, if God gave us choice
For each to be-or the other's part,
That mine should be the silent voice
And thine the silent, aching heart.
Ah, well for any voyaee done,
Whate'cr its end — or port or reef;
Better the voyage ne'er begun,
For all ships sail the sea of Grief.
James Jeffrey Roche,
In Angeius Magazine.
So JYlay It Jiap.
Perchance 'tis true, as often so it seems.
We see truth clearest in the land of dreams.
What while we wander through the waking
hour?.
Whether the path bo carpeted with flowers.
Or walled with thorns the trivial things dis
tract
E'en watchful eyes from the eternal fact.
So may it hap, though life seems doomed to
naught, ,
The end will prove what men o' dreams have
taught. Frank Pctnaji.
more honorable. Under the power of heredity
and parental admonition the youth does not
realize that he himself becomes a snob in try
ing to carry out too strenuously this maxim.
At school he assiduously cultivates the friend
ship of the delicate sou of a lord, and when he
is spending his holidays with this boy he con
forms to the liitie lord's custom of taking a
dose of nauseous codliver oil every day to pro
pitiate her ladyship, his mother. "Just fancy
trying to suck up to a fellow's people by taking
codliver oil" was tne contemptuous criticism
of one of his schoolmates. Following this bent
of early training Martin when grown to man
hood chooses for a wife the daughter of a
Countess, who proves a far worse dose than
codliver oil once a day. Out of this unhappy
inarriuge come the causes of the wreck of the
moral reDUtatioa of the husband and the balk
ing of his political and pnilanthropical ambi
tions, which he was close to the accomplish
ment of.
TREATMENT CF CONSUMPTION
Dr. Albert Abrams of this City has written
"A Popular Catechism on Consumption,"
which represents in substance one ot his lec
tures delivered at Cooper Medical College.
The work is a modest one, in which technical
terms and phrases have been studiously
avoided. Hence, it will be found of consider
able value to those who are eitner suffering
from or fear the ravages of tubercular com
plaints.
Dr. Abram? divides his work into chapters,
these being systematically subdivided into
headings. He shows the reiation between
various biood complaints and tha main dis
ease, and indicates both the method of detec
tion an>i the treatment to be followed in cases
01 consumption. Of particular value are tne
suggestions contained in chapter IV, headed
"Toe Prevention of Consumption," wnerein
are described the precautions that should be
tr.ken against infection. Those having the
care of consumptives will also read withinter
est what Dr.'Abrams has to say regarding the
dietetic treatment of the patient on page 22.
The work may be recommended both to stu
dents and to the general public as being a
carefully compiled manual upon the treat
ment of tuberculosis in all its forms. The
thesis is published by Willlnm Doxey.
LITERARY NOTES
A writer in an English literary publication
declares that Jules Verne never made more
than $4000 in any one year. Zoli\'s annual
income is believed to be about $1500,000.
A particularly bright and attractive number
of Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly is that for
February. It has a long list of good articles
and capital short stories, and almost every
thing is illustrated.
Mary E. Wilkins is engaged in writing a ser
ies of striking sketches of New England neigh
borhood life for the Ladies' Home Journal.
They will portray a small community's social
indulgences, sketching tne old-fashioned
quilting- party, the time-worn singing-school
and an. apde-paring bee.
The third revised edition of a detailed
course, "Qualitative Chemical Analysis," with
explHhatory note?, by Arthur A. Noyes, Ph.D. ,
assistant professor of chemistry in the Massa
chusetts Institute of Technology, published by
the Macmillan Company, is now in prepara
tion and will appear early in February.
Henry Patmore, a son of the late Coventry
Patmore, is said to give promise of unusual
poetic genius. Some of his poems have al
ready been print-.d for private distribution.
They are not uuiike those of his father in his
most fanciful and delicate mood, and are rich
in originality and an intensely pure
charm. Oue of them appeared in the London
Athenjeum several years ago.
Mrs. Julia Taft Bayne has written for the !
February St. Nicholas an article about "Willie ,
and Tad Lincoln." Whi.ethe President's sons
were living in the White House Mrs. Bayne's '
brother was their most intimate playmate, :
and she herself, then a young girl, saw much of j
them. Mrs. Bayne describes the pranks of the j
Lincoln boys, and tells of a minstrel show !
that was given in the White House.
Seven general officers in the Civil War will
contribute to a disenssion In the February
Century of the paper by Duucan Rose, "Why
the Confederacy Failed," published in a re
cent number of this magazine. The writers
are: Generals S. D. Lee, Joseph Wheeler, E.
P. Alexander and K. M. Law of the Confed
erate army, and Generals Dou. Carlos Buell, O.
O. Howard and Jacob D. Cox of the Union
army.
"A Great Hotel," which appears in the Feb
ruary Scribner's as the second article on "The
Conduct of Great Businesses," gives some
astounding facts as to this modern develop
ment ot one of the oldest businesses in the
world. There are as many employes in a great
hotel as there are guests; there is a man wnose
whole duty it is to wind clocks; one head
waiter in a great hotel owns a yacht a^fi a
summer residence: and hotels nave their pri
vate blacksmith and paint shops.
The advance sheets of a book of short stories j
by James S. Tyler, the well-known marine i
reporter of the Bulletin, entitled "Stories of i
Land and Sea," have been received here. The
volume will be published in New York and
placed on sale in all the principal cities of the
United States. It contains a collection of
stories of adventure and romance, many of
which have never been printed in the papers !
or periodicals, although some of the selections !
are from sea yarns written by the author for
the New York and San Francisco papers.
Those who desire copies of the book may order
them in advance by addressing Mr. Tyler, care
of the Bulletin.
It seems that Janet Carfy^e, Thomas Car
lyle's sister, is still alive. The rector of Rip
ley, in Bruce County, Ontario, writes to the
Worcestershire Chronicle: "Mrs. Robert
Hannine, the 'Janet Carlyle* of Froude's remi
niscences (my much-beloved mother-in-law),
is keeping in excellent health for a lady who j
passed her eighty-third birthday on July 18 j
last. She is now the last of the Carlyles, and a
melancholy interest attaches to ner. Her ]
present residence is at Comely Bank Farm, I
near Oakville, in Halton County, Ontario, the j
home of Mrs. John R. Leslie, her eldest ;
danghter. She passes most of her time in her ,
room, rereading many of her brother's works,
certain favorite religious authors, and her ;
Bible."
"Under the Pacific" is the title of the Lip- j
pincott's Magazine novel for February— a j
story of treasure-hunting among the Ladrone !
Islands, in which the author, Clarence Her- j
bert New, has evidently drawn upon personal :
experience as a traveler to give a realistic nar- i
rative which comes well within the range of '
possibility. His two heroes conceive the idea
that an attempt to recover upward of three
millions from the hulk of an old Spanish
galleon, which lies four fathoms under water
upon one of. the coral reefs, might be success
ful under certain conditions; and reasoning i
out their method of procedure upon theoretic i
grounds they actually secure the money, en- !
joy several weeks of delightful tropic life !
among the Spanish islanders, and finally
many two Audalusian girls who have helped
them to outwit a Philippine Bishop, also in j
search of the treasure. A chart of their voyage ;
is published in the magazine.
The Macmillan Company announce an in
teresting volume under the title of '-Geog
raphy of the Middle Ages," by C. Raymond
Beazley, author of a volume in the "Heroes of
the Nations" series, entitled "Henry the Navi
gator, the Hero of Portugal and the Modern
Discovery." In his new work he shows how
very much geography owes to tbe early pil
grim travelers, who at different periods did so
much to increase the limns of western geog
raphy. He shows that such ideas as were gen
erally held during the middle ages as to the
geography of the earth were due to two
sources aside from the important one men
tioned above. Of these two one was gradually
increasing commercial and missionary travel,
and the other the writings of theorists merely,
untraveled s'.udentß, mostly theologians,
whose work? are many of them described by
Mr. Beazley. To this class, at least in part,
belongs tee weil-known collection of stories
known as tnc "Sin bad Tales."
New York's famous thoroughfare, Broadway'
has been the scene of some wonderful events,
but tbe one scene which still stands as the
most remarkable. In point of enthusiasm, is
Louis Kossuth's famous ride up Broadway in
1851. Kossuth had already seen and passed
through a crowd of 500,000 people in his
triumphal ride up the ereat thoroughfare.
The culminating moment, however, occurred
when the great Hungarian patriot reached the
corner of Broadway and Ann street. The sijjht
that burst upon him staggered him for the
momsnt. In the open square directly before
him was massed togetheraquarterof a million
of people, and when this vast concourse broke
into a united cheer Kossuth was fairly be
wildered. No man saw this great event so
well and advantageously asd:d Parke Godwin,
the veteran New York editor and Kossuth'*
closest friend in America. Mr. Godwin was
with Kossuth, and for the first time he will
now tell the story of the marvelous event in
the February Ladies' Home Journal. The
actual scene at Ann street will also be shown
in a picture by DeThulstrup, showing Kossath
in his carriage as the great scene burs: upon
him.
CALIFORNIA VERSE
The follow ing extracts from George J. Dtir*
aind's poem, which was referred to last Sunday
in these coh mns, will give a more adequate
idea of Its spirit and purpose. The first relates
to the birth of the modern world at the period
of the revival of learning, when man threw off
the tyranny of the moral ideal and reasserted
the sway of his physical and intellectual
natures:
THE RENAISSANCE.
The dead awoke ! The great of bygone time*
In glorious resurrection from their tombs
Koie like Immortal spirits of the past.
Flaming the lights of ni<dom on mansind.
And with ihelr reappearance passed away
The somber clouds, the dark funereal hues
1 hat settled like a pa 1 upon the earth.
The lite that was as dumb, and cold, and bare.
The sackcloth and the ashes worn in pride,
The scorn if ieainin* as a Pnsan vice,
The Faustus dream of terror, that the soul
Could purchase knowledge by its doom alone.
M mi woke as from a tronblsd dream oppressed.
The crippltd powers of the mind telfaied
From their ascetic bondage took new wings
In freedom's air, and led by Petrarch's mnse
In an enchanted realm, once more perceived
In io vellneas a canon most divine.
The stones reanimate wuh tales of o d
Sj-oke in tritir sculpture language of the past
Of glory, long forgotten as the dead.
The sun once more Illumed the blue of heaven,
Once more the flowers smiled within the fields
In splendor m of yore, and once a^aln
Fair nature with her thousand tongues proclaimed
The goodliness of earth and earthly life.
Tbe following is a characterization of one of
the greatest of the medieval artists, a univer
sal genius of the Renaissance:
LEONARDO PA VINCI.
Framed like a Hercuies, within his face
I here shone a ru»jes:y sublime with lights
Which awed while they attracted tnose who saw.
The face had all the grandeur that the Greek
Oave to Olympian deity in stone.
A very prince in courtesy, refined
To sweetest eloquence of speech, and act
Enirancins in i ■ ;.e;ieroui chivalry.
None could resist ttie magic of bis tongue
A voice whose or^an richness charmed the ear
With more than music's spe:l. made him the pride
Of Florence in the^ialace ot the fair.
No horseman rode with such a daring grace,
Nor could he firrt a rua:ch in manly sports.
So strong his fingeri ben: a coin with ease,
Then like a woman's swept the golden lyre
Till the delicate strinss beueath his touch
Shook with divine vibrations. Not an art
Or science failed to bow before his will.
So full had the divine revealed itself
To him, he merely looked and saw the troth
With grasp intuitive in nature's realm.
In sculpture, Sfonta's Horse proclaim his kia
To antique masters, ere it was destroyed.
And even to this day the painter sighs
Before the Mona Lisa at ihe art
Of him whose vision fixed the face of Christ
For all the generations of mankind.
Here is an example of the treatment of one
of the ethical functions of art:
BEALISM AND THE HInHER LIFB.
\ Tbe higher life, of tbis do not all dream?
And is li lived? Yes, here aud there obscnred
, In Isolated charac:ers. Unknown,
\ Unnoticed oft, its s'.rong divineness lost
Upon the sensual bllnJ.ed, sill i- sounds
The one true note among the thousand false.
| A woman here the deeper music strikes,
And here a man new rhythms from the chords
Of individual life evokes. Ever
The human hears the OoJ-volce speak-in; plain
Above the world's roar, hears and answers
I ■ straight
With the full force of an untrammeled soul
In personal act coDCOrdam with the reach
j of man's ideal sense. Alt catches quici
: Ere they are lost for aye these vibrant note*
! And blenJ a ihe;r sweetness lo a harmony
j Immo rul and complete. Great artists thrill
: To every wave of higher life thai strikes
I From out the human sea. And here Is seen
[ Their noblett function. Every form they mold
: Perpetuates perfections thus impinged
I Upon their souls from out their restiess age.
: They seize upon the go.d of higher life,
j A nd brush aside the cosmic dust until
i The crystalline of purest spirit gleams
Emancipated from the sensucl world,
So teeing will the drooping heart take cheer,
And the faint soul renew its failing strength.
The closing extract shows the treatment of
! art thought with which the work abounds in
; its 5000 lines:
! CLASSICAL LAW THR FXCHANTBES3 OF THE
ARTS.
; There Is a phantom figure in the arts
i Luring the souls of artists to their ruin
, Siren-like, so bewitching all who seek
' Her smile, that ever af;er heart and hand
Are held In bondage. He who once submits
' To ideal beauty as a constant guide
! Abandons fact for fiction, and for him
I In vain without a charm fair nature wreathes
j Her thousand faces In a thousand smiles.
For he who thinks he can improve on these
j By combination never can behold
: Perfection in a natural line aiain.
For such the very soul of beauty dies
| In an Impoisible abstraction, such
Pursue in vain a mocking cloud with loss
Of every noble power in their work,
And at their beit their lines Mill slide into
The pompous nomenclature of an art,
Dead to all vital feelings of delight,
< In which a sickly loveliness conceals
i The skeleton of unreality. Beware
; The snare of ideal beauty, .Florentines!
I No man can reach beyond the works of him
i Who stamped the petals of the morning ro.*e,
| Upon tbe mountains wrote sublimity,
: And drew himself within the form of man.
! Tbe proclamation of the law divine
! Of beanty can be found In nature's realm
; Alone, where all who seek may find inspherea
| Her Image, sculptured by the hand of (iod.
"THE SONG OF THE SHIRT."
During his last illnsss Tom Hood, in an
die moment, made an imaginative sketch
of his own tombstone. He drew himself re
cliniiiK at full length on a thick slab of stone,
on the edge of which, in large capitals, be
wrote, "He Sang the 'Son? of the Shirt,' "
This was the only inscription, and, as he
himself has said, Tom Hood needs no other.
How much he felt and prided himself upon
the song by which he became known and
loved by millions is shown by this and the
following fact: "If I were ennobled these are
the arms 1 should adopt," said he one day,
! showing a rough vignette to a friend. Tne
sketch contained a Tory beautiful and
pathetic idea. It represented a heart pierced
by a needle threaded with silver tears, and
beneath was tbe motto he had inscribed on
the imaginary tombstone.
"The Song of the Shirt" appeared in the
Christmas number of the fifth volume of
Punch. It was unsigned, but every paper in
I the land quoted it, and it speedily became the
| talk of the day. Hood himself did not think
it very rtmarkable, but Mrs. Hood had said to
him as she folded it for press, "Now mind,
1 mark mv words, this will tell wonderfully. It
I is one of the best things you ever did."
Mrs. Hood was right. Tne sone was trans
lated into French, German and Italian; it
was printed on cheap cotton handkerchiefs
and parodied times without number. "But
what delighted and touched my poor father
most deeply." says Tom Hood's son, "was that
the poor creatures to whose sorrows and suf
ferings he had given such eloquent voice
seemed to adopt Its words as their own by
singing them about the streets to a rude air of
their own composition."
The biography of Lord Tennyson proceeds
slowly. It was thought at first that the delay
was caused by consideration for persona now
living, but it is said that the great magnitude
of the "Life" Impedes progress. Some bulky
volumes may be exptcted when the present
Lord Tennyson completes his labor.
2324
T £L--JJE> have only just put away our |
«'-Il r fS beloved shirtwaists and lo! here |
wfji^ they are to tempt us again. I j
have yet, to knew a woman who can resist \
a summer shirtwaist.
Winter ones are different. They coat ■
more, in the first place, and are not dainty j
ana fresh and bewitching. Tne new ones j
are more irresistible than ever before. In
place of the stripes and checks and the j
self-colorings we have white grounds with j
brilliant floral designs. Brown and blue ]
and green grounds with ferns and leaves j
in lovely contrasts, and black grounds |
with white and colored blossoms. Such a I
brilliant, bewildering, becoming array!
It is positively wicked to tempt poor j
women in this way. I am ashamed to ;
confess it, but I bought six of them and I j
had already two dozen. In addition to .
the display of shirtwaist? "the new store- j
keeper" ofrera us summer materials that j
are positive dreani3 !
Old Fabrics Revived.
We are going back to our grandmother's j
time. A silk warp "barege" is v.ithout
doubt to be "the thing" of the season.;
The texture, as of course you know, is !
that of a closely woven Brussels net, and
while this has not changed at all the j
modern designs are very much prettier !
than the samples of the old-time material '
which I have seen, so that we have a
slight advantage over our grandmothers
in that respect. The prettiest patterns are j
those with dark ground strewn with
quaint figures in the real old broche col
orings. There are many with light
grounds tinted with new and delicate ;
shades of pink and blue, and one, inter- ;
woven with a figuring of deep purple, ■
really must be seen to be appreciated.
Satin striped French challies era also
shown. They are for the most part cov
ered with large floral designs, with the
stripes about one-quarter of an inch wide, '.
and about three inches apart. The colors
incline toward shades of blue, with the I
designs of a darker snade.
t'haliies in foulard designs are also sure
to be fashionable, some of them having
white grounds thrown into relief by de
signs of different colors and shades.
fioods for Summer* .Maids.
Dainty little snmmer maids who aspire
to the "fluffy" in winter and the "Airy
fairy Lillian" style in warmer weather
will fiud comfort and delight in the new
figure-dotted Swiss which is interlaced
with colored stripes, alternating various
kinds with flowers and leaves. There are
so many of "the new things" tLat I am at
a loss to know which will plea-e you best.
The new organdies are interlaced with
flowers of tints so natural that one won
ders why the fragrance is not. there, and it
is a noticeable fact that the designers this
year have seemed to realize that tne
beauty in floral patterns is not dependent
upon the amount of flowers, but rather
upon their artistic distribution. Most of
the designs seen this coming summer will
be more delicate in treatment, and instead
of seeing a mass of roses in a bunch, we
shall see them in graceful clusters with
leaves and buds trailing from the stem.
I suppose I must say a word about the
striped nainsooks, which, woven with
stripes of almost imperceptible fineness,
are certainly very pleasing to the eye.
And then there is anew fabric — mousseline
de I'lnae— a kind'of filmy net that will
not crush out of shape. This is sure to be
used extensively.
"The "tea iray" is becoming fashion
able. I have long been convinced that
women do not take sufficient food, ana
the other day I noticed that Mrs. Lynn
Linton was possessed with exactly the
barne idea, and had begun a crusade
against "starving for comfort."
That Jioppible Tpa«y .Habit.
Mrs. Linton describes the "tray" in all
its horrors. She explains that it produces
unhappiness in the home and discomfort
to the offender. Women have for ages
called man a "beast," the creature of his
appetite, but I am thoroughly convinced
that he has common-sense. If a woman
has a day's shopping to do, a solitary sar
dine with a little jam and a roll is not the
proper Kind of food to do it on, even it it
is served on a tray, 30 that one can eat it
in the bedroom in a costume more com
fortable than pretty. There is nothing
like solid food, and if any one chooses to
think me too masculine because I eat a
good steak for breakfast I don't care a
jot. Now there is Miss \\ . a very nice
girl, as you know, except that she is lazy.
Bhe has actually brought trouble on her
self and her family, sitnply because she is
a victim to the l[ tray." Of course it
would never do to tell the stories that are
afloat, but it is really a fact that the ser
vants are doing as they please, simply be
cause they have got into the habit of never
cooKing anything when "master is away.''
I have noticed, too, that half the women
shoppers spoil their appetites by going
round to various stores and tasting this
thing and that until I do not believe they
would know tne flavor of a well-cooked
chop. But I must tell you something
more about the fashions and stop preacii
ing.
.New Presents JlHowed.
It has been the cause of much regret
among the fair sex— at least many of
them — that the fashion of the day had
prevented women from accepting from a
gentleman presents of a "wearable" char
acter, such as .a new gown or a handsome
bonnet. i<or these there is at least a little
comfort to be found in the new custom
just sprung up of presenting a lady with
a jeweled or enameled girdle, such as are
fast becoming worn on the outside of fur
coats and cloaks. In regard to the receiv
ing of presents, men have always been
more fortunate than women, but this
"Fshion's
Decrees"
gnnson Dame Fashion has taken some
thing of n. turn. Thero are pood-luck
cffcrinss, now quite the thing for a Jady
to accept, and which take the most won
.■erful range in variety you can imagine.
Golden hearts, small jeweled daggers,
nails of gold and gems, and a hundred
other oddities are all prepared, so that the
"mean man" may find no excuse for not
presenting his lady love with anything
tnut is "wearable."
Dining Off Bare Tables.
I am sure you will be pleased to hear
that dinner parties are daily becoming
more fashionable, and also that the old
formal way of entertaining i.-i becoming a
thing of the past. Al! the old somberness
has gone, it giving way to an air of more
geniality. One does not have to look for
ward to a dinner party as a place where
you must sit with gloomy face and not
speak until you are spoken to, as our
mothers used to tell ns when wo were
young, or I should say, when we were
children.
And the innovation of a little fun round
a dinner table has given rise to other inno
vations. The very latest at dinners is to
serve dessert on a polished table with the
cioth removed. This fashion has received
the stamp of approval from the very hißh
est of the "bon ton" sot, in fact was first
introduced, or rather reintroduced, for it
is an old-time custom of the Princess of
Wales. Many young hostesses have
grieved because their handsome tables
were hidden beueath a linen cloth, and of
course no eicuse would have been toler
ated that would allow of the showing of
the often handsome wood concealed
underneath.
.New Floral Decorations.
The newest modes ot floral arrangement
for use at dinners are also adding not a
little to the charm of this form of enter
tainment, some of those seen at the
really first-class dinners being specimens
of the most fairy-like loveliness. In fact,
it is difficult to imagine how human hands
could make them so delicately. One,
which I saw the other day, in particular
took my fancy. It was a rustic stand as a
center piece frosted over, and glittering
iiKe a diamond in the paie moonlight. It
was so arranged that a deep slender basket
was held aloft by sticks all frosted and
looking perfectly natural. The basket
concealed a tin can, inside of which grew
several trailing plants and flowers, formed
into a Darti-coiored horseshoe, the whole
being brightened by the light of a dozen
tiny fairy lamps gracefully hidden in the
leaves and blossoms. The whole thing is
bo light and airy in appearance that it
seemed as if the' slightest breath would
destroy it, and it has the advantage of not
hiding from each other those sitting at
1. White bengaline bridesmaid's costume. The skirt has three ruchings of white chiffon. The full chiffon bodice is confined by a waistband of pule blue velvet and the bolero
slashed up the back is trimmed with a lull ruche and double frill of the chiffon. The close fitting satin sleeves covered with gathered chiffon are finished at the wrist with double
frills and satin butterfly puffs at the top. The white felt hat is trimmed with feathers and blue velvet.
2. Bridal gown of white satin. The trained skirt is trimmed with flounce of mousseline do soie surmounted by a spray of orange flowers. Tho bodice is trimmed with a spray
of the same. The sleeves are gathered their entire length and surmounted by two flounces of the mousteline. White tulle veil ana white suede gloves.
3. The bride 1 * going-away costume. This costume, a spring model, is of fawn-colored cloth made with a plain new skirt. The zouave bodice and Swiss belt of gold tissue,
embroidered with sequins and lace applications, is bordered with black embroidered ribbon and Va:enciennes lace with shaded green sequins. The full vest of white mousseline de
soie has lingerie tucks and a collar ot draped mousseline. The very smart viaite-like coat, tight-fitting at the back, whsre it is pleated into a full basqua in the center, crosses over
in front and fastens at the left side under adtep folded sash of black velvet. The coat and wide capo sleeves are trimmed all round with a Dand of black Persian lnmb, and the
rolled collar, faced with black velvet, has a big black velvet bow underneath at the back. A pretty, fancy muff of the fawn cloth, lined with shot mauve and gold silk, and trimmed
with pinked-out frilisof cloth and silk, has two bands of the fur, and a bow of black velvet ribbon, caught through a pearl and old paste orrrament. The becoming blacK velvet
Henri II hat, cut in square tabs around the brim and piped with black satin, is turned up at one side with a cluster of tiny black ostrich tips, ana the soft, pleated crown has a band of
black satin tied round it clasped by an old paste buckle.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 189 T.
opposite sides of the table. There are
many of these stands in use, all kinds of
designs being seen, and they are also a
most economical kind of decoration.
Sometimes they are placed on a largo
mirror, and this adds to their attractive
ness.
.Hand-Glass Indispensable.
I have something oil my mind, it is
this: That I ought to write on the abso
lute necessity of a hand-glass to every
woman; not that I think that every
woman makes up, but a hand-glass is as
searching as the public eye if properly
used. It, revaals all the faults of our ap
pearance without fear or favor, and this is
a good thing sometimes. We must ail
confess that we like to look as well as pos
sible, and we must also confess, if we be
truthful, that there are only a few of us
who do not now and then use a touch of
powder. What we do wish to insist on is
that no trace of powder can ever be seen
on our faces. And this is where the hand
glass is indispensable. There is no doubi
that a little powder— and I think a little
rouge now and then — adds considerably to
the appearance, but for the sake of woman
hood, do not go on the street after apply
ing either without first consulting a hand
mirror. Do not ba satisfied with a
full-length pierglass; these are deceptive
things. Get a hand-mirror and stand
with your back to the light, letting its
ponetrating rays tell their own tale. If
you take my advica you will never nave
cause to blush because some spitelul old
thin^ on a streetcar says with a smile,
"Excuse me, my dear, but your powder is
rather patchy on your forehead."
Tl^e Latest in Sfyoes.
Before I say cood-by to you I must
I teil you something about the various pat
terns and kinds of shoes I have seen re
' cently. Nothing makes a woman look so
neat as a pretty shoe, and no one article
! of dress can so effectively destroy the
wnole appaarance if it is ill-fitting or
u r 'ly in bhape.
I will not speak of walking-shoes, be
i cause we all have our own peculiarities
I in this regard and black 13 the only winter
• wear, but in the tlress shoe every con
ceivable tinfis to be seen, and you may
be surprised to know that our footwear
can now be adorned by jewels without
being considered vulgar.
One of the most charming shoes I have
seen this season is of soft pink kid, em
broidered with pale green beads on the
toe in the form of a triangle. An ideal
shoe for a bride is of white sati'i, richly
embroidered with diamonds and pearl
heads. Another, perhaps prettier, is of
white satin embroidered with jewels of
different coiors, in the form of a butterfly.
Many persons do not like to wear white
shoes because they make the feet look
large, aud for these I would bespeak the
i wnite kid embroidered on the toe with
; blac& beads. Besides looking very pretty
these shoes are also less expensive than
the others I have mentioned. Bronze
leather will of course always have its ad
vocates, it being such an economical
shade and making such a delightful com
bination when a topaz is the jewel used.
You expect me to say something about
jewels now, but I shall disappoint you,
leaving that for auother time.
Etixcelle.
Bed (Jackets.
Many women really do look better in
these now delightfully pretty garments
than at any other time, for they are made,
frequently, of the most deliciously artis
tic materials— silken on the suiface and
striped, interwoven with wool. These are
usually embroidered in silks of a con
trasting color and adorned with lace frills
or muslin frills edged with lace. How
ever, some find such jackets too warm,
and prefer those of soft silk lined with
nun's veiling, beautified with either a
frill of the silk, lace edged, or one of
Valenciennes lace, which is really more
becoming. The tiannjl jackets are, many
of them, elaborately embroidered in white
filoselle or washing silk, when the scal
loped border should have a frill of lace.
A few years ago very little attention was
paid to our bedroom attire. Now old
fashioned and entirely out-of-date is the
woman who does not have the latest
sleeves in her nightgowns, and the most
modish of lace or embroidery. At the
present moment real Valenciennes is the
most stylish, and the yokes of such robes
are veritable works of art. Naturally the
bed jackets must likewise follow every
change advocated by Mme. La Mode, so
this winter they are cut so as to reach the
waist, of a somewhat Eton shape, and
some have a round, turned-down collar.
The palest of blue or pink bengaline
wilL make a dainty garment when either
creamy lace or chiffon matching the ben
galine is utilized. A chiffon fichu, tying
in front with long ends, much riffled, j
Dainty tea jacket mnae in peach-colored brocade bordered by a puffing of chiffon. The
pointed basque is of the brocade. The under bodice is of cream-coiored satin; also the
sleeves, whicfc are covered by gathered chiffon. The large satin collar and the front of
the jacket arc all wired. The belt is blcclt.
becoming. The full sleeves must be like
wise trimmed. For real comfort such
jackets should be lined with nun's vg;l
-ing, aa it is preferable to flannel as a lia
ing.
Vivella is a fabric much used aDd highly
recommended. It can \>3 had in most
satisfactory shades of blue and pink, and
when sufficient thought is bestowed on its
beautification makes most truly satisfac
tory jackets at about one-third the ex
pense involved by those of silk, bengaline
and chiffon.
Stockton Ware.
Those desirous of encouraging home in
dustry and enterprise would do well to
patronize this excellent production, which
is on sale at one of our large glass and
china stores. At first plance every one
thinks it Rookwood, but judges of such
things declare that its glaze is superior,
and truly beautifully do the artistic
browns, greena and yellows blend to
gether.
The shapes of the vases, ewers, pitchers,
teapots, jardinieres, etc., are graceful
enough to serve as models, and the prices
are most ridiculously low, $1 50 securing a
really lovely bit. A large shipment has
been sent East, and as many of us will
soon be thinking of our summer homes,
I strongly advocate an investigation of
the Stockton venture, for. a dear squat
pitcher would be an ornament for any
table, and a graceful, tulip-shaped vase
would increase 'the beauty of a handful of
wildflowers or ferns very materially. As
soon as I saw the numerous designs I
made the remark that steins would be
extremely appropriate and would be well
received, and I have suggested to a friend,
who is about tc furnish a houseboat, that
nothing could be found that would be
more artistic than this delightful ware in
her rooms, which are to be hung some
with blue and some with green denim. A
low fernpot and a handsome jardiniere
sent to Eastern friends were received with
many expressions of admiration and pre
dictions that the ware would in due time
rival tne-Rockwood, and it is certainly to
be hoped that, as we have many excellent
artist 3 here who could be induced to
sdecorate such productions, ere long Cali-
fornia may be known far and near for her
beautiful pottery. Marcella.
Bedroom Slippeps
Should in nil cases match the dressing
gown, for no longer will a pretty foot
permit itself to be shod incorrectly, even
in the seclusion o! the bedroom. As a re
sult slippers of quilteil satin with a buckle
drawn through the bow at the top are
popular, but if instead a cloth slipper
only can be afforded it can be made more
sightly by adding an edging of white fur.
Turkish slippers are worn by some, but
all must find them both hard and uncom
fortable, besides they are cold to put on.
Knitted and crocheted slippers are some
times comfortable and sightly, but they
are easily penetrated by pins, etc., and
t:*e fl?ece-lined soles are very heatine and
many find them extremely uncomfortable.
However, the prettiest I have seen are the
w;ilH?-iron pattern, done in two artistic
shades; the toes are pointed and the long
eared bows of ribbon are becoming to
most feet when properly placed below the
full ruched top, and for those suffering
from cold feet the night slippers made of
fine wool without soles are a great com
fort, I have been told. Mabcella.
Styles for Men.
Brown and tan kids as well as tne
snede are still the most fashionable, and
the fad of the heavy wh'te kid cloves for
afternoon wear is almost a ching of the
past, they having become far too common.
Him is at present in California, and so
in due course of time we may expect to
read his able criticisms on everything,
from our scarfpins to our dogoarts, and
speaking of pins remind 3me of a remark
made concerning them by this authority
quite recently. Ho writes:
"Tie pins are becoming more elaborate,
and friends write me that at some of the
recent weddings they received — acting as
ushers — the most gorgeous affairs in dia
monds and rubies. For those who are
about to marry, I would say that the
smart dress this season consists of black
frock coat, white double-breasted waist
coat, very light gray trousers and white
four-in-hand ties. The ascois with their
wide aprons and their narrow 'V are re
served for afternoon dress proper— that is,
for teas and calling and 'the like.' "
Him likewise informs us that "the
double-breasted white duck waistcoat has
become universal. Men wear the hiirh
t NEW TO-DAY—DRY GO JDS.
CUT PRICES
xuxr —
HOUSEKEEPING GOODS!
21x44 H. S. BLEACHED LINEN HUCK TOWELS. Cut down ©D A A Per
to. i&O.W Dozen
21x40 BLEACHED DAMASK TOWELS, knotted fringe. Cut ©9 A A Per
down to «p£»±i/ Dozen
22x22-INCH BLEACHED DAMASK NAPKINS. Cut down to ©1 AT Per
tjj) 1. V O Dozen
60-INCH HEAVY GERMAN LINEN DAMASK, bleached. Cut down £* (\ n For
to ! ■. ... OUO Yard
68x80 WHITE BLANKETS, extra quality, pure wool. Cut down to.. C»~ A A Per
«|pe}.UU Pair
11-4 HEAVY QUALITY WHITE MARSEILLES QUILTS. Cut ©9 KA
down to o^.ol/ EACH
BROKEN LINES OF FRENCH, DOWN AND JERSEY FLANNEL. 0~ 0 Per
Cut down to • Ou\j Pair
tTlMlTjiiil tjUill'.U'^ili'miLJl'BL.iii ~ir i ititth ~r~~ i ir~r^ TiiT--irr--iiTrt*P<. I n mil Vii II IHMfIBI— HIT— — WIWMMI
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
JBEi 3E3r^a.33lj^a. SSP»A3XTOIj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street; and Grant Avenue.
VILLE DE PARlS— Branch House, 223 S. Broadway, Los Angeles.
9 ta I 1 iv prizes to those able to
Si v 5 H !a raako tho largest list of
'Si Si ?a a S vonlslromtaewordKE-
W 3 Si » SPONSIBLE. You can
3 W S S a make at least twenty.
3 ' 3mB sLS we believe, and if yon
$ Sjggy %jg)sr can you will cet a pres-
- B ei - ent any way, and if your
■a i list is the largest you
I SRh will get $40.00 in cash.
»• »^s Here are the rules to
; El ; follow : Use only words
' I in the English
I 1 1 Do not use any letters
in a word more times
eM&k 0 Esi an it fimwars in KE-
S H Hi! SPONSIBEE. Words
in raw spelled alike can be used
Ira Ifl 3 only once. Use any
Em Xi I dictionary, and we allow
mJ§ i-_ W^M to be counted proper
' & Wmk B^r nouns, pronouns, pre-
en ■By m ■ fixes, suiSies, any legit-
H »a la_ Im etc.' Use these words*
ti M "* BEI The publisher of Tnra
Americas Woman will
S3 111 fen mm five away, on April 10,
AH BSsw? Bh' * nto Prizes 'for tho
ftS Eira AS B as above. $40totheper-
Bjß m w JO m M fun lnnklnir the largest
■ ■ ■ ■ ■■. ■ • list; $10 for the second
■ ' largest: $6 each for tha
next five largest lists ; $3 ea<-h for the 4 next largest,
end $1 for each of the next 13 largest lists. We want
you to know our paper, and it is for this reason
•we offer these premiums. We make no extra charsra
for the privilege of entering this word-building con-
test, but it is necessary to send us 26 cents silver or
stamps, for which- we will Bend you our handsome
illustrated 28 page magazine for six months, and
the very day we receive your remittance «we will mail
you free, a beautiful picture, entitled rt The Forest
Sanctuary," inches a charming present This
offer is the greatest you have ever had made to you.
Send your list at once. If you win one of the prizes
your name will be published in our May issue.
Address The American WoitAS, 119.and 121 Nassau
St. New York City, N. Y.
• 6 a a a 6 a a a^'trßysYsinnryinnra g"
» • , - o
S7SG.OQ j&l
liii ffi !
jnni ¥k j]
IDO YOU '^ifiMjij. «
I WANT IT? • "'^WW I
o c
9 You can get It in the Womankind c
9 •word contest. How many English c
3 -words canyou form from the nine let- I
a tera in. "Womankind?" It's easy. I
o very contestant wins a prize c
° 2 Columbia Bicycles, Price $100 each, c
° 1 Cleveland BJcycle, Price $100. c
o 1 Gladiator Bicycle, Price $100. c
3 1 Business College Scholarship, $100. c
a t Kodak, $25. -,
o 1 Silver Tea Pot. $25. c
° I ?,?* :Amer. Ency. Brlttanlca, $30. c
a 1 WeDSter'slnter'l Dictionary, $10. c
a And more than 800 other prizes. Con- c
a test closes Jan. 20, 1897. Send today c
9 for free sample copy of Womankind c
9 containing full particulars. Address, c
» WOMANKIND, Springfield, Ohio. <=
o Remember Every Contestant gets a ?
D Prize. •» c
uiocT
ffysf* SYSTEM
LJ )rV^/ A/ The only oie by which
Yp*^^^ you can make a garment
VT 1 / f^JC^ / ' 'without trying on.
y]\y M 'Lgß^ \ / FREE TESTS.
JPVts 1231 MARKET ST.
necked ones with afternoon- dress, the low
U shaped with evening. The night before
I left I was at th«» opera, and 1 saw every
where around me this array of white and
black, but on no one did I perceive the
embroidered silk or satin. We have not
come to that yet, although before the
iinis of the season I shall not b" •sed
if there were some arrangem tof his)
kind. I say 'arrangement' pur, «.!/ bs
cause I am conservative, and cv v »t the
risk of being old fashioned I may not ever
be persuaded to change my spots."
Our leading haberdashers are making a
brave display of ties, hose, pajamas, etc.,
and most show good taste and judgment
in their selection. The pajamas made of
a material which is half silk, half wool,
give the most satisfaction, and when
some color is liked, pink and white or
pink and buff I can recommend, as pink
washes much better than blue, which has
a tendency to become almost whit^ after
one or two visits to toe laundry. Colored
socks are also liable to fade out with
equal promptitude. Indeed, I have found
the most expensive suclca in shades of
tan quite hideous after their first wash,
and that wash was done at an excellent
laundry. As a natural result black re
tains its place as iirst choice for ordinary
wear.
I have just read of a cigarette-case of
gun metal polished, concave in form, with
a beautifully and artistically woven mono
gram in colil. The aprinp was a. small
turquoise. To press upon such a button
to obtain one's cigarettes was certainly a
delicious luxury. C. C.
The mo " « fficaci(in « of Skin
Ra^^Q^R^flj Foods and Tlsso« Buildfrs la rec-
Pfyjp^ _^I^B:»ife ommended by physicians for it!
Bm| *^ felW parity mn(l efficacy. It rtmorei
•*t^» V- liSM 1 frtcklesand tan, prevents wrinklt»
Sjw3L *^f" &/4*9 x »nd renders the skin so!t, smooth,
Pu^MFN—^nlffiKl dear, and -whit-. It cores chapped
Sggs#**>te*f V^l hands, chapped lips, and many skin
KJS-^ '*■■ s s)^M disea-es. Price 50 cents. Sold by
a*— — ~ -^ ■ all Druggists.
And at PACIFIC COAST AGENCY, Room 29,
Donohoe Building, 1170 Market St., S. F.
THE
WEEKLY
C^LL
o^ It Publishes the Cream of tha
c< News of the Week and
c* MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
°< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON THE
ol PACIFIC COAST
,-J Always Republican, but Always
cJ Fair and Impartial in Its
<J Rendering of the Po- '
1} . ::;. litical News.
o< - '
o/ It's the Paper to Send East 11
cs/ You Want to Advertise
0 California.
3 — ~\ ~ /
°S The Best \ /Mining
©< Telegraphic \/ News That
01 Service on /\^ Is Accurate
01 The Coast \& up to date
I 2 Not a Line of it Sensational
°) or Faky, and Not a Line of
**V it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAp R FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
) I Bright, Clean, A Champion of
©< Thoughtful. ruth.
!©< A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER ■
I gj ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
O< HOME MAIL, $1.50
cJ INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALLTHESE PEOPLE MUST LIVE AMD ACTUALLY DIE IN TUBS
r^X the general hospital at Vienna a re-
I > markable innovation has been made.
*. j Tt has been decided that certain, people
*nust live and actually die in tuba of
" ■
Night and day, many of them ud to
their chins in water which is kept at
blood heat, these patients pass a strange
existence. It is not a colorless life, this
aquatic one. Great efforis have been
made to make it bright and full of interest.
As a result, stran c scenes are constantly
being enacted. Life in a tuo would not
strike the casual observer at first thought
a- exhilarating. And yet cold facts prove
that so adapted is humanity 10 its envi
ronment that contentment and even a
•vi spirit is compatible with tub
dwelling.
There is precedent for this latter-day
tub life to be found in classical reminders
of the philosophical Diogenes, who also
dwelt in a tub.
The constancy of the treatment is so
iteral that virtually the patient who once
• nter?, unless cured, never leaves his tub.
The visitor to the water-cure department
of th<* Vienna Hospital is abruptly ad
mitted to a chamber of preat size where
are groups of covered bathtub-. Each tub
is occupied by a man or a woman sunk in
water to the chin. There is no lacK of en
terprise or. the part o: these unfortunates
in the way of efforts at self or mutual en
tertainment. It is palpably in the air,
however, that they are all there on busi-
i^ess, the important business ot getting
'•veil, and the one first and general prin
file adhered to and enforced by each and
>.ry patient, physician and at'.endant is
keep constantly, so to speak, in soak up
the neck.
Dpon a recent visit to the hospital the
.tubs were obseived to be all occupied, and
the visitor was informed by the bouse sur
geon that there was a waiting list of thir
teen patients, all anxious. The last man
XVBS especially so because of his innate
superstition regarding the to him ominous
chance that had made him number thir
teen. T:;e tub-dwellers, while being ob
served by the visitor referred to were amus
ing themselves by reading, playing musi
cal Instruments and cards and smoking.
One inventive genius had a lutie v,orktable
laid on top of his tub-dwelling, ana with
tools, brass wheels, pulley?, shaft? and
springs was evolving frcm the assortment
■what micbt. be either an eight-day cloct
or an anarchistic bomb-firing machine, or
possibly he was at work on that old ignie
fatuus, which has lured so many — perpet
ual motion.
The Rregariousness of mankind was well
illustrated by the fact that some of the
tubs were grouped so that four wor.ld be,
at their circumference, in touch with each
other, while a few tubs were remote and
ted. In t'.iis wet little world there
wt-r.?, as in the great outer world, a lev,- in-
dividuals who preferred solitude and self-
communion. One of t lie groups of four
tubs contained a quarter of jovial friend,
whose spirits rould never be dampened,
although their bodies were never dry.
One member of this quartet was a fa:r,
round-faced German woman, presumably
fat and probably over 40. The other
three were men, one of them quite bald,
and all looking a- 1 if they ha.i never ab-
TEN THOUSAND MILES BY NIGHT
JKis Wheel mar\ Has Completed the Most Remarkable Series of
Century Runs BetWeeVv Set ar\d j^ise of Svm — Gurious
Optical Illusions in tKe Darkness
f^P^EN thousand and sixty-six mil?s,
f'^EN thousand darkness of night, is
' rdden in the darkness of night, is
,s&fc^ the remarkable record which Ross
Manly of Sumniitville, Ind., has just
made.
During the course of his nocturnal runs
Ross Manly's Record-Ereaking Ride.
his experiences were many and often ex
citing. Hardly a glimpse of daylight did
this strange cyclist caicli. He made sixty
five centuries at night, which is in itself
an astonishing performance, but it be
comes all the more so when the fact is
Night ar\d Day, Up to Jheir Gkir\s ir\ Water, They pass a
Strange Jhough JMot Golorless Existence
! stained from any of the good things of
i life until they had, possibly as a result of
I hiph living, taken to water as a last re
i sort.
This jolly party was intent on a good
game of pinorhle. They were playing
jvi h the regulation double deck in vogue
with pinochle experts, and exhibited con
siderable finesse in their desperate deter
mination 10 hane on to a jack of diamonds
until the queen of spades came along to
; nelp him count forty, or gamely letting
trick after tricK be taken, with the be
"iruling hope that the one ace needful to
make up the four and score a hundred
would come in the next draw.
The least careful of the quartet of card
players was the jolly German frau, whose
dimpled pink and white and fat bare arms
and shoulders attracted more attention
from the visitors than did the came. It
was evident that she was in more lor the
fun she could get out of it than to be the
first to score a thousand points. Her
cherished score was the number of hearty
laughs which she could evoke and join in.
Every time it came her deal she would
flip and sail the cards so recklessly that
several times one f?llin the water in the
other pluyers' tub?. This did not injure
the cards, it was observed, because they
were possibly a special make, having a
sort of celluloid finish.
There was a pretty general indulgence
in tobacco. A few of the men smoked
pipes, but the general preference was lor
paper-clad ciearettes of Turkish tobacco.
Three men were smoking chibouques, as
if their faith in water was to great that
they wanted their tobacco-smoke bathed.
Among the cigarette-smokers was a young
Spanish woman, whose dark lustrous eyes
and luxuriant glossy black hair, which
was coquettishly arranged, and line fea
tures, all conspired against her com
plexion to make her beautiful. The
otherwise pretty Andalusian's complexion
was exceedingly detrimental, and in fact
she was under treatment for a humor of
tue blood. She was very bright and hope
ful and an attendant said her case was
not chronic. She was regarded by the
colony as transitory and merely amphibi
ous and not as they were, devoted — it
might be for years, it might be forever— to
a completely aqueous existence.
An interesting patient v:as a man — a
young man cf 28— named Zolnay, an
artist. Zolnay had been seriously burned
in a hotel rire, where he had suffered
through an act of heroism in rescuiug a
bedridden old \vom:m who had been for
gotten by others who were selfish and
cowardly. Zolnay had been a great
sufferer, but after three months' immer
sion had at Jast experienced an inexpressi
ble relief from pain and discomfort. Great
patches of c.iticie had been burned from
his body and in p!ace3 the underlying
flesh was? cliarred to a considerable depth.
! taken into consideration that fourteen of | up the mile? and centurie? to his credit.
1 tl.e sixty-five hundred- mile run 3 were j What makes his achievement all the
double centuries. j more interesting is the fact that he was
Think of ridtne 200 miles in a single ; employed in business during ten hours of
j night and a fraction of a day. i the day, and therefore had no chance to
Mr. Manly lias captured the century and ride by day. As for sleeping, that was
q .ite a secondary matter. What few
: winks he did catch were after or before
j his nightly runs. And here is a strange
| fact. He slept at times on his wheel, he
says. Not as one ordinarily sleeps, with
closed eyes and in a state of complete un
consciousness, but more in a semi-con
scious condition, when the eyes were open
yet saw practically nothing, and the feet
mechanically pushed the pedals around.
His own story of his experiences is as fol
lows:
I"I believe I am the only man in the
orld who ever rode 10,006 miles at night
ithin so short a space of time. My
heeling for the year, consisting of 219
lys of actual riding, lias just ended, and
am happy Ao say that I have won the
century and mileage medals offered by the
Indiana officers of the Century Riding
Club.
"During the day I was busy attending
to business, from which I could not take
the time to ride, so I was obliged to do my
riding at night. I soon became used to
wheeling about in the darkness, and be
fore many nights 1 became so accustomed
to it that I might almost say I preferred
it to riding by daylight.
"It certainly was novel in many respects,
and it has been my experience that dark
ness is no bar to speed. On a road with
which one is any way familiar and with
ever so little moonlight I can ride as fast
as I can durine the day, and on several
occasions I h;ive during my experience as
a night rider made a century in seven
hours, which would as a rule be consid
ered excellent work by day.
"One very peculiar thing in connection
with night riding is that one experiences
certain optical illusions which sometimes
have unique results. The most common
of these illusions is the impression that
one is constantly riding down hill. I
have experienced it so often that I know it
well, and yet I often found myself apply
ing the brake to my machine when speed
ing along a road I knew, if I had thought
about the matter, to be perfectly level.
"At other times when on an unfamiliar
road I have been thinking of something
and on coming to a steep incline the
machine would get away from me and get
half way down the hill before I could get
control of it. This would be due to the
fact that although I saw the incline I gave
it no second thought, but set it down as
the customary illusion until I found my
self going down an actual hill much too
fast for safety or comfort. At other times
1 would find myself pedaling along
mechanically, being practically asleep on
my wheel, and yet having my eyes open
and keeping my balance on the wheel.
"When there iw no moon or it is cloudy,
one has to keep a sharp lookout, or an
ugly fall is apt to result. During my
experience in night riding I tried a dozen
or more different kinds of light but found
none of them satisfactory. They either
jar out when one is riding fast, or if they
mileai/e medals offered by the Indiana
rfticers of the Century Riding Club.
Wiiiie the other several hundred contest
ants for these honors were sleeping and
dreaming of them this "owl rider" was
pedaling away and industriously piling
THJS BAJN iTKAJN CIStXJ CALL, »UJNUA V, JAJS'UAKY 'J4, 18^7.
A Happy Existence Night and Day in Tubs of Water.
The young Austrian's youth, perfect
health, vigor and determination to sur
vive had made it possible for the water
cure to save him.
Zolnay said in French, which he spoke
like an educated Parisian: "I do not think
I am over sensitive or faint of heart, but I
grew to have such a terror of physical j
pain that my resolution gave way and 1 !
could not bear to have my wounds dressed.
No lint could be made of such gosssmcr
lightness nor oil of such smoothness be I
found that I could endure. The idea of I
being condemned to life in a tub was j
odious, but it was that or death. My
first plunge so irritated my wounds ana
stay lighted, they only make the road
uncertain because of tbe limited area over
which they cast a light.
"iiorses invariably shy at the cycle
lichts at night, and after a number of
trials, I found it much better to ride with
out any light and trust to quick eyes and
a good 3cnse of hearing-
"I tried, of course, to take my runs in
good weather, but sudden storms would
come up, and to be twenty or thirty miles
away from any shelter, on a lonely country
road, at midnignt and get caught in a
lively and fully developed thunder
shower, is not the pieasantest experience
in the world.
"I have had many such experience?, and
in a measure nave got used to them, but
with t lie rain beating down in torrents,
the thunder booming overhead with a
sound as if the very hills were being
toppled over one against the other, and
worst of all the lightning zigzaging about
ones wheel, it is hardly a combination of
circumstances which one wouid choose to
encounter if given any voice in the matter.
"Not only were tnese sudden .'bowers
disagreeable in themselves, but, aside
from the drenchinc, the rain would leave
the roads in such a muddy condition that
getting tiome was the hardest kind of
work.
"Dogs were another fruitful source of
annoyance to me during my night runs.
They seemed to naturally infer that I had
evil intentions upon the property of Their
owners, and on more than one occasion I
had to stop, dismount and give battle to
some ugly canine, taking as a weapon the
first club, fence rail or anything which I
couM lay my hands on.
"The owners always tooK the part of the
dog until after matters were explained, and
then, with some flattering remark gener
ally to the effect that no'one but a lunatic
would go scorching about t c country on
a bicycle at midnight, would lead the dis
appointed dog away, while I would con
tinue on my way.
"The particularly pleasant features of
nic'n riding are the perfect rest and quiet
of the country, and when the moon is
bright the Jight throws a weird aspect
about the most ordinary object. The long
stretches of country road reach out far
ahead into the gloom of the night, while
the cool breezes which always rise after
the set of sun make riding delightful.
"1 think," said Mr. Manly in conclusion,
"I may salely say that, all things con
sidered, I am an advocate of night bicycle
riding."
nerves that I fainted, but gradually I be
came accustomed to the water, and now
its yielding softness seems like heaven in
the freedom from pain which I sometimes
happily enjoy for long intervals. The in
conveniences of this life in a tub seem
jireater tlran they really are. It is wonder
ful how a man can get used to anything.
A MEW GIANT AMONG ENGINES
JKe Greatest Sensation ir\ the pailroad World— lts Water-Jank ?
Large Enough for a Swimming School, Holds 4500
Qallons, and It Weighs 174,000 founds
H-ERE is a locomotive of such stu
'4- pendous size as to at once rivet
_fl the attention of the world. It is
fitly named "The Mastodon." !t
has just been Luilt and will be shortly
placed in daily operation.
Beside its towering height full-grown
men look like pigmies. Its strength is so
prodigious that it can only be understood
when it is stated that it would require the
combined strength of several regiments of
men to hold this iron monster, once steam
was up and the throttle thrown open.
This big engine was built for the Buf
falo, Rochester and Pittsbure Railroad
and when in service will be what railroad
men call-a "pusher."
There is a particularly heavy grade on
this line, in the coal regions near Mount
Jewett, and it is here that the services of
this giant engine will be required, to help
the regular engines up the grade with
loaded coal trains.
New Monster Engine That Has Created a Sensation.
This new grade conqueror's number is
139 and as she stands in the Buffalo yards
of the road she is constantly the center of
an admiring throng who never tire of dis
cussing the huge machine from all points
of view.
This same engine has since making its
debut attracted a great deal of attent.on
in the railway world.
Charles E. Turner, the road's superin
tendent of motive power, has consider
able in the way of correspondence added
to his duties in replyinr; to the flood of
queries which is diverted toward him by
the president and general manager who
receive them. Some of the letters asking
about this monarch of all locomotives
used in pusher service go into minute de
tail, and the Mogul's proprietors begin to
think that all the roads In the country
having heavy grades and freight traffic
are gome to get a Mogul like No. 139.
No. 139 was constructed to use bitumin
ous coal as fuel and to run on a track of
Sometimes 1 feel ready to die of ennui;
but, God willing, 1 shall be out of this in
a year, as new skin is beginning to
and some other poor people must live
here, until, as one did last month, they
literally die in the tubs they have so long
inhabited."
Zolnay was an ardent musician. As a
student he had been a devoted pianist,
but had always played the violin, and
*ince his immersion has been able to U"-e
bis arms sufficiently to take up again his
beloved violin. He, without excuse,
played several selections when asked—
one exquisite one, solemn and tender,
irom Mozart, and some Hungarian music.
He played qne wnllz, and the German
frau and one of the other pinochle play
ers — a German commercial traveler —
waltzed in a sort of porpoise fashion,
to the great amusement of every one.
At 1 o'clock in the afternoon luncheon
is served to the bathers. Their breakfast
in most cases is very light cereals with
fruit nguring'largely in the simple meuu.
Those whose ills are not incidental to the
quality of the blood enjoy coffee. The
lunchfon was a more imposing affair.
Its menu comprised about the dishes
which might be served at a good hotel,
excepting that well-demonstrated rules
for hygienic pabulum were observed. The
patients were unrestricted in their de
sires excepting by the dictum of the doc
tors and the limits of their private purses.
The tables were Hat boards laid across
the tops of the circular tubs. The boards
were neatly covered with white oilcloth.
Light sour wines were in favor as bever
ages, but these in most cases were con
siderably diluted, and it wa3 noticeable
that the patients were inclined to drink a
good deal, to some extent as one is when
in a Turkish bath. One of the trifling in
cidents of life which it was demonstrated
could be made unusually annoying under
peculiar circumstances was when a bather
accidentally knocked nis salt-cellar into
his tub. He instantly disappeared be
neath the surface and quickly recovered
the bottle; 'out most of his salt was in the
tub in solution, the water having entered
the perforations of the salt-ceilar's metal
top.
One of the most inexplicable and inter
esting phases of tub-life to the visitor is
the sleeping of patients. "Great heavens!"
said an American girl visitor, who was al
most startled out of her propriety when
ihis matter was referred to. "I didn't
suppose for a moment that they slept in
there, too."
But tbey do. The faculty of going to
sleep in the water is not inherent with
humanity. It can be acquired. The
novice when he tries it is for several
nights « victim to wearisome insomnia,
bin at last tired nature acknowledses her
need of the sweet restorer, and tne new
bather succumbs, only to be suddenly
4 feet BV£ inches gauge. The total wheel j
base of the engine is 20 feet 5 inches, which
means that its wheels stand on a space '■
loneer than the width of a fall city lot.
The d riving- wiieel base is 15 feet 6 inches.
The total wheel base of engine and tender j
is 52 fee: 9 inches, while the total length i
of engine and tender over all is over 60 j
feet.
This engine Is a giant, and would in
carrying out the idea of symmetrical pro
portion have been taller than it is but for
the numerous obstacles, like the roofs of
tunnels and bridges, which a locomotive
while traveling is likely to encounter. It |
is cheaper to foreshorten the stacks of
locomotives than to incur expense for ex- j
tra rockwork in tunneling and for buf.d- j
ing higher aDutnients and approaches for j
wagon-road bridges.
The top of 139's stack is \i\i feet from j
the tops of the rails over which the mon
ster runs. From the rails to the center of
the boiler the distance is 8 feet 9V 2 ' inches,
and when a man of ordinary height stands
beside the enjjine the height looks even
greater.
The boiler is of the type known to loco
motive-builders as the Belpaire Wagon
top. Its diameter at its smallest ring is 5
feet 8 inches. Its crown is supported by
direct stays. The stay-bolts are 1 inch in
diameter and are spaced not over Ay s
inches from center to center. The whole
was made with most scrupulous care.
A man crawling in the manhole ot
the boiler would see what resembles a
giant mitrailleuse composed of 324
tubes 2 inches in diameter. Ti:e length of
these tubes over the tubesheet is 12 feet
7 5-16 inches. The heating surface af
fected by the tubes amounts to 2120 square
feet.
Powerful cylinders are those beside the
Mogul's boiler. The diameter of each is
21 inches and the stroke 26 inches. The
piston-rods are each 4 inches in diameter,
startled out of his pleep by his head turn
ing a little and the water touching his
mouth.
The story has been printed that Benja
min Franklin, who. in his youth, was
fond of natatorial sport* and accustomed
to floating a great doal on his back, once
fell asleep on the surface of still water,
and so remained for perhaps an hour.
Many constant bathers know that- they
can easily reach the point of falling asleep
while afloat, and even doze off into un
consciousness for a few moments, until
the lapping of a wavelet on iheir lips sig
nals danger, with the result of a sudden
awakening
The tub-dwellers have on the floor of
their watery habitations a flexible wooden
lattice, covered with blankets and sup
plied with rubber pillows. Thereon rests
that trifling portion of the weight of the
patient's body that is not sustained by the
water. At night when tne few electric
lights burn dim all is silent in the baths
of Hebra save for an occasional snore,
stertorous breathing or the soft spl«sh of
the arm of an uneasy sleeper changing his
or her position.
The effect of the unremitting soaking of
the human body is manifested very mod
erately so far as concerns external and
suDerfieial appearances. Tne structure
and organs of the body do not suffer or
change. Even the skin shows small signs
excepting upon the palms of the hands
and soles of the feet. There the skin be
comes shriveled, puffed and bloodless like
the hands of a hard worked washer
woman. When pain is caused a little oil
soon relieves it. In some cases about the
arms and shoulder?, where the skin is out
of and in the water alternately, the soak
ing produces a miid form of paDular
eczema.
Three times daily in ordinary cases the
whole contents of the tubs, which are
cooper lined, are changed. A small in
flowing stream of warm water suffices to
maintain the temperature at from 95 to 97
decrees Fahrenheit. The surplus water
runs off tlirongh an overflow pipe.
The diseases am- nable to this treatment
are chiefly those where there is a consid
erable loss of integument, as in distress
ing bedsores, forms of gangrene, univeral
exfoliating pemphigns.extensive burns and
wounds involving great loss of skin. The
diseased part, through constant immer
sion, is relieved of the weight of the body,
and frequent painfui dressings can De dis
pensed with.
In the case of severe burns, snch as the
young hero Zolnay's, the tub life is sim-
ply a gcdsend. The sufferer in such a
case cannot assume any position thattloca
not cause unspeakable agony from the
pressure upon the burned surface. The
relief of the bath is so marked that lives
which otherwise would be lost because of
shock and suffering are saved and health,
eventually restored.
When they die in the tub these suffer
ers can thank the Creator for the good
thoughts of the ingenious inventors of tho
baths of Hebra, as they are called, who
have by this simple use of water made
possible a new, long, comfortable and even
happy life, even thougu it be spent and
sometimes ended in a tub, of some of
Europe's otherwise greatest sufferers.
and the working pressure carried is 180
pounds to the square inch.
If. takes considerable room for the fin? 3
which convert the water Into steam for
139. The inside of her great firebox is 9
feet 5 inches Ion? and it is 3 ieet 12 inches
wide. The heating surface in the firebox
is 186 square feet, while the grate surface
is 29.7 square feet.
The total heating surface is 2306 square
feet. There is a brick area on tubes and
the grates are castiron and of the rocking
variety.
This engine has twelve wheels of the
most massive type. The diameter of a
driving-wheel outside of tue tires is 55
inches. The diameter and length of ting,
journals is S^xlO inches. The diame*
of the engine tender-wheel is 28 inches,
ana of the journals of the truck o'-oXIO
inches. Both engine and tender wueela
are of the Krupp variety and are steel
tired.
' The tank is a level topped one, and is big
enough to float a good-sized boat, or
! it would make an ideal swimming pool
1 for the omnipresent small boy. When
j fiiied it holds 4500 gallons of water.
When the big Mogul climbs the grade
; for which it i< intended the track inspec
; tors and section bosse3 and gangs are
likely to get some extra work in keeping
the roadbed in oriier. The total weight of
' the engine which bears on" the drivers is
| 146,000 pounds. The total weight of the
i engine as it is wording order is 174,000
j pounds. The tender, when loaded with
its black diamond fuel and water, weighs
! 85,000 pounds.
When this weighty mass of metal and
| material gets going it will acquire a mo
j mentum that will not be so easily inter
j fered with and overcome. The type of
j brakes known as the New York have been
I adopted for No. 139 as most effective. The
I air brakes have been supplemented with
i hand-wheel brakes of powerful leverage.
2526
IN
CHILDHOOD'S
PEALM
T/f.-.jrjAKE up. members of the C. K.
\l\l- C. ! I should like to see more
ii-A of your names in the list of puz
zle-solvers.
How about a motto and a bad?e for our
club, and what do you wish our motto to
be? Suggestions arc in order this week.
Will Lulita Bates ami Emma Egpers
kindly inform me whether their little
poems are original or selected?
O^e Fa ( Ver.
Trooping through the meadows.
Dancing In the vale,
Hiding in the shadows,
Hiding on the gale;
Hand in hand together,
Voices raised in song,
In fair or cloudy weather
Still they dance along.
On a mow? cloudlet
Roguishly recline,
Blown to where the moonlight
On other planets shine.
Then, to earth returning,
Wave a sweet adieu,
The little cloudlet spurning
Thank him for the view,
Happy little fairies
Dance and ne'er grow old,
Though your wondrous stories
MA hundred times were told
Mrs. E. J. C.
: — ♦ *— >
A Story of
Old Erin.
J-ioW a Bravte Boy Conquered and
SleW the Qiarxt of White Hill.
BY EDGAB PENFIELD.
(Concluded.)
The boy, however, refused this courtesy,
telling ttem of his vow not to rest three
days till he had found his three sisters.
The next morning, as he was going out,
the ram gave a small piece of his wool to
his wife's b other, saying:
"When you are in need of help, call on
all the rams of the earth, and this will
bring them to you."
Vvith hi 3 cap of darkness on, the boy
sped away, and at noon reached the house
of Bright One. This palace was all of
silver, and his sister took him in just as
Fair One had. Everything shone with the
white silver light, just as the sun is white
at noonday.
In the evenin g the Bright One's husband
came home like an immense salmon, and
went flapping up the stairs. Soon ne
came down as a tine-looking man, clad in
cloth of silver, and welcomed the Sunny
One.
Here the boy was entertained as he had
been the previous day at his first sister's
home, and in the morning, when he de
parted, the salmon gave him a piece of his
fin, saying:
"When you are in need call on all the
salmon in the sea and tney will aid
you."
Then the boy went on, wearing his cap
of darkness. By noontime he was very
hungry, so he took off his cap, spread his
scarf upon the ground, and immediately a
sumptuous repast was before him. "When
he had eaten he again went on, and at
iwiligut came to the abode of his third
sister.
"800-HOO! IT'S ALL GONE!"
Here all was copper-colored but beauti
ful as the dusk of evening, l'olished parts
of the wall shone out like star 3in the
evening sky. His sister was clothed in
soft, filmy robes like the clouds at sunset.
Suddenly a great wind rushed throuch the
place, and Sunny One saw an immense
eagle fly up the staircase. Soon afterward
his sisters husband came down and wel
comed him.
As he had found all three of his sisters
the boy might now have rested, but the
next morning as ne looked over the sea
from the summer-bower he saw a white
hill in the midst of the wave?. His s-ister
saw where he was looking, and said:
"Alas! my brother, a sad story comes
to us from over the sea! In the castle on
that white hill lives a giant, wno has
stolen from her home the most beautiful
woman in the world. Princes and cham
pions come to combat with him, but he
kills them all, takes their heads off and
eats their flesh. The bones he throws out,
and it is that which makes the hill white.
No man can kill him, and he it is that has
enchanted my Husband and my sisters'
husbands."
''I will go and kill him," cried Sunny
One, "and the maiden I shall free and
bring hither."
As he was going, the eagle cave him a
feather, saying:
"When you are in need, call on all the
eagles of the air and they will help you."
So, donning his cap of darkness, the
youth departed and soon fcund himself
in the palace on the white hill. Outside
the walis the giant was lighting with the
champions and the princes.
Sunny One took off his cap and showed
I himself to the beautiful maiden. She
wept to thing of his death and said there
could be no escape for him.
"Do not fear for me," the youth said.
"I will conceal myself; only, beware of
telling him that I am here."
At that moment they heard the giant !
coming, and, quickly putting on his cap !
of darkness. Sunny One waited. The |
ogre came in, carrying two dead princes, I
and when he had thrown the bodies
down he commanded the maiden to cook
them.
"A man is here," he thundared. "I
smell his flesh and blood!"
"I can see no one," the trembling girl
replied.
"Nor can I; but he is here!"
Just then Sunny One struck the giant
with his sword of sharpness, and with a
howl of pain and rage the giant leaped in
his direction, but could strike no one, for
at the same moment he received a blow
on the side. So they fought till the giant
had fifty wounds ana not once had he
struck Sunny One, for the cap completely
hid him from view.
""Whoever you are, cease your fighting,"
the giant at last cried out, "and I will
meet you in the morning acain."
So Sunny One stopped and the maiden,
pretending to be sorry, wept and dressed
the wounds of the giant.
Ld the morning he was well again and
he and Sunny One fought as before till
nearly night, when again the giant called
for a respite.
Then the maiden wept even m^re bit
terly.
"Ah, me," she cried, "what will become
of me? You will be killed, and h/>w shall
I live here alone?"
"I see you are sorry," answered the
giant, "and would do all you can for me.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
Now, listen; no one can kill me till be
performs an impossible task. Know that
in the sea is a great chest, sealed and
bound. In the chest is a duck and in the
I duck an egg. No one can kill me till he
' strikes with that ege, a mark I have on
jmy right side. So be comforted, for I fear
no on«, for no one knows my secret, much
less could he get the egg."
While he said all this, there stood Sunny
One, in his cap of darkness and heard
every word. Then the youth thought of
the saimon, and rushing to the seashore
he took out the tin and cried out:
"I want the salmon in the sea to bring
the bound chest containing the duck to
me."
Soon the sea was full of salmon, swim
ming toward tha land, and they laid tho
i chest at the boy's feet. But it was so
strongly bound that he could not open it.
Talcing out the wool he said:
"Lei all the rams of the earth come here
| and open this chest for me."
lo an instant herd upon herd of rams
came dashing to the shore, each with tre
mendous horns upon his bead, and dash
j ing them against the chest they broke it
i open, and out flew the duck over the sea.
Quickly the Sunny One took out the
I eagle's feather and cried:
"All the eagles of the air come to my
aid, and bring to me the egg from out of
the duck."
In almost the twinkling of an eye the
duck was surrounded by all the eagles of
the air, and the boy soon had the egg in
his hand.
Then he donned his cap again and was
in the castle in a second. Asain ho fought
with the giant, and when the maiden
bathed the latter's wounds she raised his
right arm. Quick as a flash the boy threw
the egg at the mark, and at that moment
the giant died.
Then, gathering all the treasures of
cold and precious stones together, the boy
set out with the maiden for the home of
his sister Gentle One. There he returned
the feather to the eajjle. who immediately
regained his proper form, for now the
enchantment was ended.
Then bunny One and the maiden trav
eled to the homes of the other sisters,
where both the salmon and the ram re
gained their own forms on receiving back
the tin and the wool.
.\fter spending several days with each
sister, the two set out on their homeward
journey, and soon came up from the hole
in the ground to the mossy rock by the
brook. The Sunny One called the dwarf,
and having spread the cloth of plenty they
had a great feast. When it was over
Sunny O.ie returned bis gifts to the dwarf,
who straightway stood before them a hand
some prince.
"I am brother to the ram, the salmon
and the eagle," he said, "and you have
freed us all by killing the Giant of White
Hill. Now I will reward you."
Then he stamped his foot upon the
ground, and there appeared a beautiful
marble palace, with birds and flowers and
fountains and all wonderful thines inside.
But the prince had disappeared. There
the young people were married and lived
happily, the oid mother and father of
Sunny One with them.
From Sunny Lands.
A little bark sailed down a stream
That rippied sweetly by,
Through sunny lauds that ever gleam
To gladden heart and eye.
From greenwood bank as on It passed,
And every fragrant spot,
Came odors fair as ea;ri one cast
Its sweet forge t-me-uot.
O what a wealth of precious flowers,
1/ke stars of summer's night.
Were garnered in those morning hours
Of golden-tinted light.
New filled with fondest dreams, love's own,
That blesses trusting youth,
Tlie bark sails on with all we've known
Of goodness and of truth.
Frank Deardorf.
Abe's Good Luck.
"See heah, youse Chilian, aat am de
las' bit ob cake youse can hab 'til suppo;
now, g'long," and with that final ejacula
tion old Aunt Dinah waved the pillbox
threateningly at Amy and Dorothy, who
had just helped themselves to two slices
of cake from the plate on the table.
The little girls left the kitchen and went
out on the shady porch : then they wan
dered through the carden out to the broad
carriage-way, munching their cake and
laughing to themselves as they thought of
how they always managed to get tne best
of dear Aunt Dinah.
As they turned a corner they saw old
| Abe Jackson coming toward them, swing
j ins; his empty lunch-bucket. When be
| drew near the girls he stopped, with long
! ing looks at the delicious cake, which -was
j ainiost gone.
"Huh," he said, with a grunt, "Youse
I two gais ain't got the sense of Aunt Ui
nah's old turkey gobbler!"
The little girl* stopped eating their cake
and opened their eyes in astonishment
when they heard these words. Abe en
joyed this and continued: "Don you'se
know dat instead of habin' just two little
pieces of cake you might jes as well hab a
whole tree full, wid pies and oranges
trone in ?"
"How, Uncle Abe, how?" exclaimed and
questioned botn Dorothy and Amy, tneir
breatn almost taken away by this glorious
news.
"Shu ting; no jokin 1 ," said Abe sol
emnly.
'Piease tell us, Abe."
"Wall, misses, you jes' get a clean piece
ob paper and two nior' big slices of dat ar'
cream cake and lay dem undan dat tree
obah yondah, and afore bery long you go
pas' dat place, and sbu's you're born youse
'ill hab all de goodies you dun want."
The girls looked at the remains of the
cake in their hands.
"Won't these pieces do, Uncle Abe?"
Amy asked. "Aunt Dinah said we were
not to have any more till supper time."
"Naw," answered Abe; "dey'd neberdo
in de won' ! Not 't all, not 't all !" and he
turned his back on the two, as if disgusted
with the very idea.
What should they do? and what could
they do? After pondering for a while
Amy ventured to make this remark:
"Oh, Dorothy, if you would give me a
boost I could climb up ttie peach tree and
get Into the. pantry through the window."
"Good!" cried Dorothy. "Just the
thing!"
So they ran quickly to the old peach
tree, which had stood for years by the
house, and whose great gnarled brunches
contained many a cozy seat.
A little help from Dorothy and Amy
was up, stepping from branch to branch
uniil right by the pantry window. From
her perch she could easily see the deli
cious cake piied in the pretty basket all
ready to grace the supper table.
Over she stepped, then jumped to the
floor. Quickly selecting two of the very
largest slices, and wrapping them in a
dainty white napkin, she climbed out
again ea fast as she could, keeping as
quiet all the time as possible.
Oh, how frightened she was that Aunt
Dinah, whom she could hear snoring in the
kitchen, might awaken, but she didn't,
and Amy was soon safe in the tree.
Then s-he tied the four corners together
around the precious cake. "Untying her
long hair ribbon she fastened one end of
It to the bundle, and then slowly let it
descend to Dorothy, who was anxiously
waiting below.
Dorothy caught it safely, and Amy
jumped down from the tree.
When they took the cake to Abe he
smiled approvingly and said: "Dal will
do, little misses. I'll do the rest; trust
old Abe for dat. Youse better go to de
house now ana don look behind youse.''
The children, fearful of breaking the
charm, proceeded to obey him.
As soon as their backs were turned the
sly old negro slipped the napkin of cake
into his pocket and went whistling to his
little cabin.
In the evening there was trouble in the
big house, Aunt Dinab scolding over the
missing cake, venting her wrath rirst on
"those good-for-nothin' chil'ren" and then
blaming in strong terms that "old, lazy
boned nigger, Abe Jackson."
Poor Amy and Dorothy wore shut up in
the gnrret until papa should come home
and hear ail about their naughtiness,
while down in his cabin oM Abe chuckled
over his good fortune in having 'Mat fine
cake" to eat with his tea and thought it a
good joKe to have fooied "dein simple
little white gals."
Nona Herbert, C. 11. C.
A Dolls' Party.
A party of middle-aged people had taken
an excursion to see the mountains in mid
winter. It was of course difficult to hnd a
THE QUESTIONING EYES OF CHILDHOOD.
hotel open, but at length they did come
upon one which was in condition to re
ceive them. There they stayed three days,
snowshoeing, gazing at the wonders of
sky and mountains, and renewing delignt
ful acquaintanceship. The last day of
their stay, however, it snowed, and when
the forenoon was three-quarters gone the
party wondered for the first time what they
should do next.
Dinner-time solved the riddle, for on
each plate lay a little note, addressed in
pencil and a childish hand, to the first
name of the person for whom it was in
tended. A learned Judge was called
"Sammy," a dignified matron "Nellie":
the writer was evidently no respecter of
The notes were alf alike within. They
were printed as a child of five years might
print and they all ran thus:
"My mrcmrna wants to know if yo;ir
mamma will let you come and play with
me this afternoon in the parlor. Bring
your dolly."
There were looks of surprise, and then
shouts of laughter. Evidently this was to
be a dolls' party. Very little discussion of
the scheme followed, but after dinner,
everybody hurried upstairs to the bed
chambers, where much whispered consul
tation must have taken place, and some
careful work.
At four, men and women were punctu
ally at the parlor door, where they were
received by the perpetrator of the joke, a
stout schoolteacher, bearing a large china
doll, which she had borrowed 01 the land
lord's little girl.
Then wjiat peals of laughter there were!
These grown-up children had- all come,
and had obediently brought their dollies.
The learned judge bore a dried herring,
dressed in tissue paper, and bis wife dan
dled a beautiful creature made entirely of
vegetables. It had a potato ior a head,
surmounted by half a lemon for a cap.
Beneath this, escaped tendrils of hair
made from the dried clematis in the parlor
vases. Its body was formed of another
potato, covered with a corn-husk shawl,
and its skirt was of curly carrot tops. A
necklace of driod berries completed its
rare and original costume.
The two cats of the house, one maltese
and the other jet black, had been dressed
in white petticoats and cap. Both were
indignant, injured, absurd, and the black
one especially looked like the wolf that
Red Riding Hood found in grandmother's
bed. The family dog, a fat brown
spaniel, had been put into a little girl's
sacque and petticoat, and allowed himself
to be borne in, paws upward, by a muscu
lar young man.
Rag dolls there were in abundance, and
several enormous ones made of pillows
demanded all the care of their fond main"
mas. Most peculiar of all was a little
Grecian godde3s, dating back into the
iirst centuries before Christ, which a gaunt
professor had brought with him, hoping
to use it in illustration of a little talk on
ancient Greece, and which he bore about
as if it were more precious to him than
gold, as indeed it wa?.
When all thfc dollies had been made
acquainted— an(i most exciting was the
FRIENDS.
introduction of the pussies to the her
ring — and their personal ailments and
characteristics discussed, what did these
sober people do? They played ".Boston"
and "Drop the handkerchief with all the
zest of youth. They thousht of other
games, paid their forfeits and shouted
with laughter, and wound up the party
royally by a good old-fashtoned candy
pull, alter which the dolls were put for
ever to bed.
After all, dear young people, there is
not so very much difference between you
and 3 - our fathers and mothers, except that
they are a trifle wiser. Life demands their
work, but they would gladly play occa
sionally, and indulge in the rare and happy
privilege of being perfectly silly without
making themselves ridiculous. — Youth's
Companion.
"I go through my work," reprovingly
said the needle to the idle boy.
"But not till you're pushed through,"
triumphantly replied the boy to the
needle.
"What is that which no man wishes to
have and no one wishes to lose? A bald
head.
THE LETTER
BOX
'/I
Waddington, Cal., Jan. 12.
Pear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. My father has taken your paper for a
long time. lam 9 years old. I have a cousin
staying iviih me whose name is Frank. I have
tiiree sisters and one brother, who is attending
school at Sianford University. Hoping to see
my letter in print, I remain, yours truly,
John Decarli.
Parkfield, Cal., Jan. 13. 1897.
Pear Editor: I write a letter to The Call.
I like Childhood's Realm. I wish to be a
member of C. R. C. I have a little brother
named Sloss. I have three cats and one dogf,
Max. We live in me country, and the flowers
and ferns are so pretty. I am 10 years old
and ride our horse to water every day. My
brother gets behind me and away we go gal
loping off. Sloss is only four years old. Your
new friend, Mabel Clara King.
Fitchburg, Cal.
Dear Editor: I am a little boy, 8 years old.
I go to the Lock wood School at Kitchburg. Am
in the fourth graae, and my teacher is Miss
Gibson. We stopped taking the Chronicle to
take The Call and like The Call best. I like
the Children's Realm very much. I am glad
McKlnley was elected. I hope to see my letter
in The Call, so I will be a member of the C.
R. C. Your little friend,
Edwin Cecil McClintock.
Shellville, Cal., Jan. 11, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to you
and I hope to see it printed in next Sunday's
Call. lam 11 years old. My brother is a sub
scriber to your paper and I thiuk it is tine,
especially the children's page. I go to the
San Luis school and my teacher's name is Miss
Burke. She is a very kind teacher and I love
her dearly. The schooi is less than a quarter
of a mile from my home. I enjoy my lessons.
Our school begins on the Ist of February. We
have had two months and a half vacation. I
have had a lovely time. Margaret Harper.
Bear Valley, Cal., Jan. 17, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. My papa takes your pnper. lam a lit
tle boy 7 years old and hoi>e my letter will
miss the wastebasket. I live in Bear Valley
on the Fremont Grant in Mariposa County.
We have a new school and moved into it to
day. I shall close ns my letter is growing long.
I remain your little writer,
Oscar Shilling, Bear Valley.
Blue Canyon, Cal., Jan. 19, 1897.
Dear Editor: I wrote a letter to The Call
once before so I will write again, hoping to
see my letter in print. 1 would like to belong
to the Childhood's Realm Club, and will try to
by sending a few puzzles which I made myself.
1 shall not send too long a letter this time. I
shall be 8 years oid next Sunday. I am
your little new friend, Edith Waldau.
Blue Canyon, Cal., Jan. 19, 1897.
Dear Edit i ess and Headers of Childhood's
Realm: 1 d;d not write last week because
mamma was very busy and I had to help her,
but I shall write now, hoping 10 see my letter
in print.
I must tell you of a day last summer when
some of my schoolmates, my sisters and I went
into the woods, which surround our little
town, on a picnic. We had a glorious time. I
furnished Dickies, apples and water, and the
rest of the girls supplied bread, meat, cake
mid cups. Picking flowers and ferns, running
races, eating, telling stories and^ giving rid
dles was the way we passed the hours of that
bright day, and the timu for ourreturn home
arrived only too soon. When we reached my
papa's house, it being the nearest to our picnic
ground, my friends stopped and passed an
other pleasant hour looking at picture-books,
playing games and singing songs. By and by
the girls went home and my sisters and I ar
ranged the flowers and ferns we had gathered,
which keDi us busy until mamma called us for
supper. Often since in conversation we have
recalled one or another incident of that day
in the woods, where, left entirely to our own
resources, we enjoyed so much the beauty of
our mountain scenery and the pine- perfumed
air of our grand old forests. Your little
reader, Retha Waldatj (C. R. C).
Giant, January 9, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is the third time 1 have
written to you. I now send you several gobo
llnks. I never see any letters in The Call
from Giant. We have had two months'vaca
tion. School opens on February 1. I shall be
glad to go back to school again. 1 suppose if
it rains we won't have any, for the roads will
be bad. Two months from now will be my
birthday, I shall be 9 years old. My last birlh
day I had a party. I hope my letter will not
find its way into the wastebasket. I shall
now close, hoping to see t!iis in the puper.
Yours truly, Marguerite Howard.
Woodland, Cal.. Jan. 14, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. Papa has taken your paper for a long
time, and I enjoy reading the children's page
very much. 1 see letters written by Doys and
girls, so I took it into my head that I would
write also. I had a merry Christmas and a
happy New Year, and I hope you had the
same. Igo to the public school, and am in
eighth grade. I like my teacher very much,
for she is very kind to me. lam 13 years old.
Hoping this will escape the wastebasket, I re
main your new friend, Winnie M.
Nevada City, Cal., Jan. 17, 1897.
Dear Editor: I have seen but one letter to
The Call from Nevada City. My papa has
taken The Call for & year. I atn a little girl
8 years oal. 1 hope this letter will be printed
in next Sunday's Call. I have never written
a let ter to you before. I have a sister 0 years
old and a brother 4 years old. Your new
writer, Audrey Ohmert.
SiX Francisco, Cnl., Jan. 18, 1897.
Dear Editor: I nra 9 years old and go to the
Washington Grammar School. I am in the
fourth grade. My father Uas taken The Call
for twenty-two years and he likes it very
much. I enjoy the children's page and read it
every Sunday. I have a pet do? named Jessie.
She likes cake and candy. When I come from
school she is always glad to see me. J wish to
see my letter in print next Sundaw Your lit
tle reader, Gustave Tbost.
San Rafael, Cal.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. I am 5 years old. I like to have the
children's page read to me every Sunday. I
have a little black cat and its name is Jetty.
I dress it up like a doil and it never scratches
or bites. I also have a brown dog. I some
times hitcli him up and take a ride. Wo have
an oriole; he likes sugar and he will eat out
of my hand. Hoping to see my letter printed in
next Sunday's Call, I remain your 1 ttla
reader, Zora Roberts.
PUZZLES
I My 1, 8, 12 is a vessel with a broad mouth.
My 7, 3, 11,6, 10 is n:uk.
My 1, 5i 3, 4, 11 is a girl's name.
My 2, (j is a pronoun.
My 12, 9, 11, 3 is natural.
My whole is the nnme of a great conqueror
of ancient times. Lucy Moeller (C. K. C).
11. My 1. IG, 25, 7, 3 and 14 is a beginner.
My 18, 9, 15, 31 and 11 are sacred songs.
My lit, 24, 17, 10, 20 aud 4 means whole.
Siy 5, 30, 22 and 28 is easily yielding to
| pressure.
My 27, 21, 29, 6 and 26 is clamor.
My 8, 23, 12, 13 and 2 is a tenth.
My whole is a well-known proverb.
Ella Hartnell (C. K. C). *
111. If from six you take nine, and from
nine you take ten, and from forty you take
fiity, you will find that you have half a doien
remaining. J. L. Warbots (C. B. C. ).
IV. Hidden birds.
(a) Muslin, net and tape are all useful to^
dressmakers.
(6) He went off in cheerful spirits.
(c) Said Don Pedro, "Bind the rascal and flog
him !" Josephine Raspillek (C. R. C).
V. Pi.
Locmanba.
hnlAri.
A martyr for the cause of freedom.
Ida Wightman (C. E. C).
VI. My first is a conjunction.
My second is a ■weight.
My whole is a knob for fastening.
Ethkl Wilde (C. R. C).
VII. My first is a vowel.
My second Is a cooking apparatus.
My whole is a tropical fruit.
Fred Authes (C. R. C).
VIII. My first is a vehicle.
My second is a people who live under one
government. Fred authes (C. R. C. )
IX. Behead a farming implement and have
a lake. E, Wilds, (C. R. C).
X. Add fifty to a foolish child and have a
mass of bread.
Add fifty to a short poem and have a vein of.
ore.
Add fifty to a solemn affirmation and hava
unwilling. M. W. R.
ArxsWers for January 17.
I. (a) Eagle.
(b) Condor.
(c) Swallow.
(d) Gander.
11. Mound.
Found.
Hound.
Sound.
Bound.
Round.
111. Word square:
PHIAL
HOR 8 X
IRATE
ASTER
LEERS
IV. Alaska.
V. Partridge. i
VI. The more haste, the less speed. W
VII. Broom— room. y
Mott« —otto.
VIII. Now — ow.
Daniel Webster was born January 18, 1792.
He was the greatest of American orators and
statesmen. He used his powers to further
American liberty.
Letters
Besides letters published pleasaut communi
cation have been received from the boys and
girls whose names follow: Ester Indig, Lucy
Moeller (C. R. C), Claire and Ethel McCiure
(C. R. C), Alta Goff, E. Cecil McCllntock, Katie
Meado, Augusta Knutson, Bernice Swaney,
Hattle Faifchild, Fred Anthts, Jennie -Uc-
CfiUtfhan, Jeanette Lyons, Juliette Priscoll
and Lea Lafranchi.
ArvsWers to puzzles.
Answers to puzzles of January 17 have been
received from the following members of C. R.
C. : Alice Bell, Retha Waldau, Eva M. Bolger
and Fred Anthes.. For January 10: Fred
Anthes and Ethe i McCiure.Here's a Boy's Own Railroad
Sits a fleai One, Joo, Witk a Locomotive and
Rolling Stock JKat JHauis a Paying
Jraffic, and tke Bovj Is Its
President and Also
Engineer
JW^OBERT M. TYLER, the son o!
l.^r i M. Tyler, has built a per
■**V. fectiy equipped railroad, with roll-
Btock and locomotive, on the farm of
father, at Bucks Hill, a suburb of
Y»'aterbury, Cona.
He buih the locomotive himself. He
f=:rveyed the line, decided upon the
grades and curves and, aided by ordinary
labor, made the roadbed, laid the rails
and now runs the engine.
A recently published story teiis of a |
boy who bailt a railroad. Though in- !
geiiious and an evidence of patience and
perseverance it was unscientific, iicsed '
commercial practicability a::
pro Ting thai there was a mechanical bent \
te ihe boy's niiud, it was after ail bu» a
tor railroad, and there iia interest ended. J
But here is a story of a bo)- who has
built a real railroad: one that :s D
a railroad over < engine built by j
si ie, lumber
and other material, farm product^ and has ;
»B ''iistence with a depute and profilable |
- I with their
m rake Tyler's road to get a lift toward ,
hunting-grounds, and lots of grown \
• been delighted witt an c-xeur
r tae line of thi< modern j
..sciple of Robert Stephenson.
The boy railway kins, as might te ex- ;
i, is the envy of alibis couteuipo-
Those whom he does not let ride i
.veiy hate him. They can only trust i
me, the great evener-up of all .
On eartii, to gel square with him. The
. . re .ay- [reams of some time be
coming general par- fent of the,
X V Z ioute or some other equally im
in t road and enjoying the exquisite
revenge of refusing Tyler's request for a !
pass,
The great eminence achieved by Tyler is i
veli worthy of reflection. Can there
sibly be any greater joy to a boy than to
: a locomotive, to be delighted and
probably astounded wnen for the first time
it works, to build a railroad a:id to run the
road as weli as the engine? To possess
all this is surely a buy's seventh heaven
of delight, to which only the pen of a
Captain Mayue Reid could po«s:b.y do
tice.
Tue more thought that is accorded this
natter the more the vi-ta of cumulative
j-'V lengthens ani its horizon broadens.
Tyler is president, he is treasurer, he is
auditor and 0. X.'s his own vouchers. All
this would be quite enough for any grown
man who has spent years struggling to
acquire wealth in railway stocks and like
ecuritie-. Is it enough for the boy who
.ihertohim? No. The acme of bliss
comes funher down the ane when the
president, etc., climbs into t lie cab, moves
lie lever, opens up the tnrottle and, while
swimming in a delirium of joy, rings the
bell, blows the whistle, toe-toots for him- ]
sell toJe: uff the brake*, and, puJiing open I
(I f the firebcx by a chain, fires up '■
VX shovels of coal, sets the blower
g ing and the train running up the road
* n schedale time and the fence posts pass- ;
ing by th.ck as th- teeth in a fine-tooth
comb. These pen pictures may. however,
prove too intense a strain for a toy with a
mind none too strong to reed and endure.
While ih° Bucks Hill railroad ha 3 not
yet attained the di^niiy of inclusion in an
t-fficiui railroad n;anual there is nn teihng
good fortune is in stoic for it or to
what extent a recognition by the estab
lishec raiiroads of the United State
might be.eiit its boy-engineer president.
It is known to the knowing that there
are railroad presidents who can boast in
truth of very litt.e over which to preside.
Some of them ostensibly governing im
posing lines of railway really only preside
over a prospectus or tne cft-quotea "two
etreaks of ru-t and the rignt of way."
Nevertheless these railway magnates to a
considerable ex:ent come in for the hand
some and valuable compliments inter
changed by the royal famiiy of American
railway king 3. These royal favors come in
the form of annual passes over the railway
Sweet-Faced Sisters Who WkU the Sledge at Cape Colony.
kings' respective lines. As the presidents
of the insignificant lines are the least
busy and have the most time on their
• Lands for travel, the passes are often of
greatest practical use to them, and while
touring tbey can find time enough not oc
cupied witn presidential duties to promote
4c;. ernes, write for the new-papers, or per-
I to book orders for wrought-iron pipe,
y r tabes, steel rails or other railway
BQ;.p:iei as aside line to their regular busi
ness of presiding.
As a matter of fact, Tyler since the first
of January, 1897, has received an inkling
that he is to be made the recipient of one
of- the famous solid silver complimentary
passes issued by the Siiveron Railroad,
in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado, built
t ! by Otto >i< ars, the pioneer builder of the
otn stage road over the range between
Ouray ; ; -'-id Red Mountain. This pas? i 3
r probably intended partly as a ceneral
t compliment to the boy who could tuild.
| equip and run a railroad, and especially in
| recognition of the fact that the bilverton
road, made famous by its enormous srade
per cent to the mile, is surpassed by
■, Trier's Bucks Hill Railroad, which has
: one grade of 370 feet to the mile, or ex
: actly 7 per
The wan: that Tyler's Backs Hill Rail
: road has at last practically filled arose out
of conditions in which his father, William
M. Tyler, a farmer on a iarsre scale, is in
■ terested, and that were incidental to tne
; character of Connecticut soil and the
j topography of that part of the State.
Farming, owine to the rreponderar.ee of
Robert M, Tyler, Eoy Railroad President.
rock, bowlders and gravel, is not ail it
might b- in Connecticut, and hence Con
necticut agriculturists would fain make
both ends meet by adding 10 asrlculture
poultry or fine livestock raising, and any
thing in the way of qu.irrying or lumber
ins that might prove profitable.
It was manifest that profit as well as
fan awaited the success of a miniature
railroad running over Bucks Hi.l. Trier,
who went to work at it in a very crude,
smail boyish way at first, soon compelled
his eiders to have faith in him as a civil
and mechanical engineer and road con
structor Tben the necessary cash cajita:
was forthcoming without difficulty as fa^t
as it became ueces?ary for Tyler to invest
in material.
The Jboy engine-bnilder very sensib'y re- ;
framed from attempting to follow the J
lines of a urive-wbeel locomotive. As the i
illustration shows Tyier was indifferent to
appearances, but bent on practical re
su.is. He chose the rotary mechanism
best adapted to steam launches and s:i;ali
motors, using ihe gear ordinarily used fur j
such purposes. Tyler's levers, conrec
tiooi, brake?, tte exposure of his boiler j
and machinery and his primitive coal
bunkers all wear an e.lr of crudity. The
boy's sensible aim was to save ar.d make !
money and not to spend it extravagantly.
Tyler's example if generally followed by j
railroad people would maybe make the i
countless thousands who buy railway se
curities in Wail street and who afterward
go to Brooklyn aud regret it much hap
pier.
Tyier modestly states that eng'ne No. 1.
the Mogul of the Bucks Hill line, is ratei
two-horse power, stands upright, is dou-
Lle-;.cting, reversible and mate* SOO revo
lutions a minute. The boiler is also a two
horse power, upright, holding six gallons
of water. It generates steam rapicly, can
gel steam in five or six minutes and uses
I but little fuel. The car on which the en
trine and boiler are placed is sixteen feet
long by four and a haif feet w.de. The
top of the smokestack is seven feet from
r the top of the rails. The wheel base is
five and a half feet. The engine is duplex
and with the bo:ler in of the high- peed
order. The engine and boiler and the
car on which they are mounted cost less
than $500.
The further equipment of the Bucks
Hm line consists o* two cars, each four
wheeled and each bavins; a capacity of
1500 pounds. The miniature train which
Tyler with his self-made engine proudly
puils out hauls a considerable load, and
demonstrates a vast economy over horse
power, even in tbi* day of cheap horse
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, IS9T.
The Eng-ine on the Trestle.
These Nuns Have Just Become ßlacksmiths
Sisters of St. Donr\ir\ic or\ a South /\fricar\ Farm Learning to
SWir\g Sledge-Hammers— HoW They Game to
JMaUe Suck a NoVel Departure.
iTH[^ blacksmith - shop has just been
ZijiX'Y established - shop has just been
V established by the Sisters of St.
l^iLj* Dominic near King Williams
Town, Cape Colony, South Africa Nuns
as blacksmiths represent the new woman
in a brand-new character. This news of
their novel departure will be received with
: a great deal of interest.
It wouli seem that the new woman
after having conquered all else aa a female
invadtd the cloister. There is small en
couragement for the aggressive innova
tions of new womanhood amid tne tradi
tions and diurnal routine of a convent.
The exigencies of existence in a new land
• which confronted the Sisters of S. Dom
inic in South Africa they boldly met in
j stead of yielding to. Men were scarce
i and indifferent to mechanics' wages in a
quiet sett. err.ent when the glitter of the
golden Transvaal and the alluring dia
monds of the Kirnberly beckoned to them
from beyond. The nuns therefore took
up the sledgehammer, hung their weight
upon the bellows, and merrily flew the
sparks from the cherry red metal which
was to shoe the settler's waiting steed.
The Sisters of St. Dominic with full faith
in their mission to soften existence ana
sow religious seed in the South African
region turned their backs on the time-
honored customs and humdrum convent
life oi Europe and established this, tneir
new settlement near King Williams
Town, Cape Colony. Their nrst moTe was
to purchase the roost extensive farm in
the market. Quickly the nuns discovered
that farm laborers were so scarce that it
was impossible to get a sufficient number
or to retain and rely on the few they could
secure. Land without labor proved un
profitable, and the tows of their order
c mrelled their seif-maintenance. And so
the nuns quietly put their hands to the
plow. Bui accidents will happen, and in
time t c plowshare was broken.
Tnere were no blacksmiths, so the nuns
sent to Cape Town and had shipped to
them the maerials to build aud tne tcols
The Most Important Curve.
flesh. Small as the investment was for
the whole property, the ratio of operating
expense is very light.
In running the line the boy surveyor I
humored the topography of the region
With which he had to deal and did not j
contract for any deep cuts or for any rock I
and implements to conduct a smithy. A
blacksmith as a tutor was secured. This
wns six months ago, ana now the nuns
have just begun to do their own black
smithing. They have thus proved not
only their equality with man, but their
superiority to him, because when the
blacksmith, disregarding his religious en
vironment and the re-pect due to the
noble women, went on a prolonged drunk
he was incontinently "fired" out of the
settlement.
The Dominican farm is one of th« most
attractive sights of the Cape Colony. Its
management, for system and intelligence,
is unsurpassed.
In a comparatively new country such
! attention to detaila as the sisters eive to
i their agricultnral operations seem to their
j slow-going Boer neighbors a work of su
j pereroeacion, to the English it appears
1 too finicky, and to the native Kalfar and
i Hoitentot helpers it seems akin to the
; miraculous, and fills ih^ra with awe.
T.ie visitor who rides to tne farm from
King William-* Town before he reaches
ihe confines of the Dominican domain be
holds from a distance brown-ciad feminine
figures hoeing, plowing, cultivating, prun
ing a"nd grafting in the orchards, or per
haps a nun mounted on a horse driving
j strong-limbed oxen to water. At close
! range th* most incongruous thing in the
appearance of a Si-ter of St. Dominic as
she is on her South African farm is her
ruddy, rosy, tannea face, so different from
the bloodless white face that seems insep
arable from the visible character of a nun.
This natural bronze was well earned.
Day after day the nuns have toiled at the
forge and in the fields, ami exposure to
the fierce African sun has gradually
changed them from pale-faced, delicate
handed convent women to brawny, hard
handed laborers.
But the feminine blacksmiths of the
Dominican Convent farm are the stars.
Tne personality and expertness of the
hammer-swinging nun ever seems to con
tinue to exercise a sort of fascination over
the rest of the sisterhood, for they go out
of their way while about their daily tasks
on the farm to look In, even if but for a
moment, at their hard-working sisters.
A recent visitor to the Si >t«rs of St. Domi
nic, who had the good fortune to possess a
letter of introduction from a Bishop to
the mother superior, entered the occasion
of his visit as a red-letter day in his diary.
The abbess proved to be a woman endowed
with uncommonly good sense. She was
practical and her personal spirituality wa3
so aided and tempered with a knowledge
of human nature and an ability to per
ceive the humorous side of things that she
captivated the visuor. Nevertheless, she
imbued him with deep respect for her un
derlying and indefeasible deterruinatiou
to serve God by doing good to her fellow
mortaia.
After a drive about the farm in a species
of buck wagon behind a spirited stockily
built young horse upon a tour of inspec
tion of mines, fruit trees and growing
crops and an occasional chat with some
Sister, perhaps leaning lightly and pic
turesquely on a hoe, the abbess remarked,
"Now, I suppose you will not be willing
to conclude your inspection without visit
ing our *>! ..cismith-shop."
The revelation as to the enlargement of
woman's sphere to the extent of including
blackimithing w»s, in one instance at
least, startling. Tethered to a strong
oaken rack in the center of the shop was a
draughthorse, whose big bones and
shaggy fetlocks proclaimed a Flemish
•train in his blood. Nail box beside he:,
a nun war bent over, with % the horse's
"nigh" hind foot over her Knee, and with
a redhot horseshoe heid with a pair of
tongs was tilting the shoe to the hoof.
The abbess faintly smiled at the uncon
cealed startling effect created on tbe vis
itor, and the uun just then dropping the
wort. The stony, raveliy sur.ace was
easily converted into a solid roadbed.
The rails used were of steel, T-sbapftd,
and the lightest rails made of this de
scription, weighing but eight pounds to
the yard. The cross ties were of chest
nut, 33-s feet long. 4 inches face and 3
inches thick. The gause is 26 inches.
The grade, as before stated, in its steepest
part is 370 feet to the m:!e. The whole
cost of constructing the railway was at
the rate of $600 per mile.
. The exigencies of Tyler's railroad build
ing did not compel any bridge-building
enterprise, as there were no intervening
valleys between the termini of the road
that could not be rounded at their heads,
and the only structures necessary were a
few low tunnels.
President-Engineer Tyler sees 1897 open
up with bright auspices. No disgruntled
| stockholders are clamoring for a receiver
I or reorganization, and no Joca: Debs is
i encouraging the engineer to go on strike
contrary to the desires of the presi
dent.
Tne future of the road seems fair and,
encourajred by the success of this boyish
experience, Tyler can well hope to figure
yet in tiie field of railroad building in all
Us American magnificence.
hufre hoof closed up the glowing shoe a
little more around the horn of the anvil.
Presently, with a few strokes from a help
foJ sister, the shoe was completed.
The abbess remarked that this nun, Sis
ter Joanna, who was in charge of the
blacksmi; h-shop, was interested in her
new /ocation to the extent that she never
appeared to even notice the many curious
visitors, who, forgetting all roliteness,
stared at her as though she was a newly
discovered species.
Sister Joanna, the mother superior said,
was a great reader, and managed to rind
time after a ten-hour day of hard physi-
cal toil, besides perusing the lives of the
saints and martyrs and attending to the
convent's reiieious routine, to read poetry.
Schiller and Goethe were among her prime
favorites.
Sister Joanna's intellectuality told in
her work, for she had a copy of an English
work entitled "The Complete and Compe
tent Farrier," and two works on tbe
anatomy of tbe horse. In addition to her
b.acksmitbing Sis'.er Joanna was the
acknowledged veterinary of the Sisters'
farm, which boasted of over a score of
valuable iiorses and a dozen yoke of oxen.
This Girl Is a Fire-Fighter
LoVes Flame and Smoke, and Dressed ir\
Red Flar\r\el Fire Glothes ar\d Flaring
Helmet, With ar\ /\x ir\ Her Dainty
Hands, She Is an Inspir
ing Spectacle
i awful forebodings of enemies of
■pi Sj the new woman that she would
JiL^ take to fighting rires has come true.
: Here is a fire- woman.
il ss Lillian Brown of Greensboro, N. C. ,
I i? her name and address. She has been
I officially adopted by the North Carolina
; State Firemen's Association. He- favorite
i fathers, of which sac as. a daughter has
over a thousand, are in Greensboro, where
she was first r dopted by the Eagle Hose
Company, every man of wbich is as
proud of his adopted daughter as if slie
were a queen. Never a fire occurs with
out the nrercen's daughter being on the
scene, and to see her, dressed in red flan
nel fire cothes, helmeted, and with an ax
in her dainiy bands, as she urjzes the
"boys" on to conquer iheir blazing foe, is
| a sight to remind one of the heroic acts of
j Joan d'Arc.
There is not a single thing in the science
of fire fighting that Miss Brown does not
know, and her quick eye grasps the situa
tion of a blaze in a second. As soon as
she sees the flames she knows exactly
which way they will spread, and in an
instant she realizes the point which should
be first attacked.
There is a curious train of circumstances
leading up to the adoption of Miss Brown
by the fire boys. Sb« was born in Fair
field, N. C. Her first appearance in
Greensboro was about three and a half
years ago, when she entered the female
college there. It so happened that, being
of a bright turn of mind, she was assigned
to play the leading role in the drama,
"The Firemrn's Heart," at the college
students' annual performance. The play
was produced at the Bogart Opera-house,
and was a tren-endous success. A*
Hyacinth Bradley, the pet an i "Mascot"
of the firemen, Miss Brown literally cap
tured every heart in the audience, and
I especially those of the fire boys. Soon
j af:er this, at the regular monthly meet
| ing of the Eagle Hose Company Miss
Brown was formally adopted as the Bre
men's daughter, and her name was placed
j upon the honorary roll of the company's
j membersiiip.
The new fire girl gracefully accepted the
Honor thu3 conferred upon her, and
pledged herseif to advance the cause of
firemen In general and especially the in
terest of her new-made fathers, the Eagles.
Miss Brown carried off the honors with a
ruodesi bearing, and soon her fame spread
to different parts of the State. Town after
town wanted to have her for its adopted
daughter, and many meetings were cal.ed
to consider the subject. All difficulties
were finally surmounted at the meeting of
the Sta'.e Firemen's Association, when by
a unanimous vote the pet of the Greens
boro boys was made a daughter of the
State association.
This is the only case on record of a girl
being connected with afire department,
and the honor is felt to be as great by the
har-ly life-?avers as it is by Miss Brown
herself. Already the "daughter of the
company" Doasss two medals for bravery
displayed at fires, and several resolutions
have been passed and sent to her by dif
ferent bodies of citizens who owe to her
plucky worK many thousand? of dollars.
The North Carolina boys have always been
considered a brave set of men, but their
energies are redoubled whenever the eye
of ttreir daughter is on them.
Lillian Brown, the Fire-Fighter*
Miss Brown takes the greatest possible
interest in the department. She has a
call in her house connected with the gen
eral signal system, and knows every num
ber practically by heart. It is a very
rare occurrence when she is late on tne
scene of a blaze, for do matter what time
it is when her fire gong sounds the alarm
Miss Brown dons her clothes and starts
off to help ncr fathers.
Many oi them have reason to bless her
for her kindly help, especially after some
unfortunate accident; or the little jjirl is
very ready to nurse the sick and injured,
and is always prepared for such emergen
c;es. Indeed, these savers of liie and
property have much to be proud of in
their daughter. She ifl extremeiy pretty.
Her eyes are dark and fawn-like, while
htr naturally well-rounded features are
still further softened by a mass of waving
chestnut hair, which the little tire girl
wears parted loosely in the center and
drawn over her tiny ears, cau.Tlu ud at
the back of her head by a plain black
velvet band.
At every social function in Greensboro
Miss Brown is the centei of attraction, and
it is pleasing to record that the natural
jealousy which it nsigcit be imagined her
popularity would give rise to is entirely
absent amons both maids and matrons
alike. The little girl is looked upon a-s a
sort of ministering angel, and indeed her
many deeds of kindnet-s stand responsible
sponsors for her at ieast "State-wide"
reDUtaton.
The boys of the Eaela Hose Company
are of course delighted that their chosen
daughter should have become so popular,
and a movement has now been started
which, if carried into effect, will see the
brave and quaint youne woman the
adopted daughter of the National Fire
men's Association. The Greensboro boys
are confident that it is only necessary for
trie firemen of other States to become ac
quainted with Miss Brown's poodne.-s and
ability in order to make them also ansious
to adopt her as their official child.
y\r\ Equine J-lero.
A graphic story is told of Surgeon-
Captain Grey, one of the officers who
served in Rhodesia. In the attack on Ma
shangombi the horses be^an to drop, and
soon thirteen lay on the ground, and it
looked as if the men would ail be killed.
.Evidently Captain Turner thought so, tor
fie virtually gave tne order, "Sauve gui
peut," telling every man to fisht the best
he could for his own l.and. But though
the horses continued to fall the men es
caped. Dr. Grey, to use his own words,
"led toward the way out under a raking
fire at a gallop, and was closely followed
by the troop,' according to the St. James
Budget. "Very soon, however, I fell from
the saddle, struck witfi a bullet from an ele
phant gun, about 500 yards off. The bullet
struck me on the top of the thigh, smash
ing the socket of the thigh bone, breaking
a vein and otherwise wounding me. My
horse was carried along at high speed with
the rear guard, which rushed at desperate
speed to clear the pocket-like entrance of
the drift where the natives were rallying
in the hope of killing us. As I lay on the
grass, bleeding profusely, I looked up and
saw two natives aiming at me at a dis
tance of about forty feet. At the same
moment I saw my horse come thundering
back from the drift. It suddenly stopped
and stood over my prostrate bocty, covering
me from the firing and at the same time
making a peculiar noise through its nos
trils. I thought it had been wounded,
and that witb the pain, noise and coniu
'•ion it had gone mad. This notion, how
ever, was soon dispelled, for it continued to
stand over me in a knee;ing posture, and
I could see that the faithful animal had
come back to protect me. I may remark
here that this horse, which I myself se
lected. I had made a pet of. The assegais
I from the approaching ' natives were now
; beginning. to fly around rue. and, thinking
if I could reach my horse's back I would
be shot, which was preferable to being
j assegaied, I seized the reins, put ray
! right foot in the stirrup and made a
supreme effort to mount. And I was
: successful, .bat how Id it Ido not know,
! for my left- side was entirely, paralyzed.
! On finding myself in my saddle I called
j 'Go !' to my hor*e, which darted like aa
* arrow toward the exit from the drift."
> ♦ «,
In London alone there are upward oi
; 170 pianoforte factories.
2728
THE
STAGE
The Nordica - Pcaichi combination
swamped everything theatrical last week.
To read the majority of U a press notices
one would have imagined that the Pan
Francisco critics had been languishing to
prostrate themselves at the altar of pood
Bintring, that they iiad never heard any
before and never hope.! to hear any again,
and intended to worship with a will
while the objects of adoration were with
them. Of course it is very chisrming to
pee talent recognized in this ecstatic way,
but to mo there is a flavor of provincial
ism in going into indiscriminate extrava
gmceover everything, good, bad and in
ii.fferent, and in. the performances at the
Baldwin last week there were one or two
miles that were undeniably bad— the
tenor's falsetto notes, for instance.
I do not for a moment want to disparage
the Nordca - Scalchi combination, for
their concerts have been a rare trpat, and
if we had divas such as Nordica and
Scalchi with us of tener it would be to our
educational advantage, for, as a com
munity, we are much given to sieging.
First and foremost in interest to my mind
comes Scaichi, because, in spite of wear
an 1 tear, see remains that rara avi> — a
real contralto. She came into the world
before it was the fashion to manufacture
contraltos at so much an hour. They are
turned out now as rapidly as machine
made hand-organs, and are as weird and
repulsive as most other monstrosities.
But what does that matter to them or the
masters who make them? In the dearth
of real rontraltos they supply a long-felt
■want, and win money and applause, when
in reality— well, >l if I were reaily a king" I
would devise a punishment to lit the
crime of being a "made" contralto.
My pet aversions in ringing are the
tenor who willfully indulges in falsetto,
and the fabricated contralto. The tenor
is the worse in some respects, because he
sins against art w;th malice afore
thought, in the hope <.f r.ot being found
out. If he takes his notes pianissimo he
f-ometinies succeeds in concealing his sin
from the multitude, a::d gets applause,
which his conscience, if he has any, must
tell him he does not deserve. The manu
factured contralto is more sinned against
than sinning, as she is generally the dupe
of some ienorant or unscrupulous charla
tan who undertakes to "make voices
while you wait."
In Milan I once lived in the house with
a made contralto and had an ouportunity
of studying her from the earliest stages of
her career to her final downfall, and I
always ihink of her when I hear admir
ing friends saj* in awestruck tones of
some poor victim of the charlatan's wiles:
"She enn sing down to E and blow the
rooi off when she lets hersell loose, and
before the took lessons from Mr. So-and-so
she had not a single low tone in her
voice."
The girl I watched grow into a contralto
came from America, with a nice little
mezzo-soprano voice, and was tempted by
a maestro who ho couid alter and
change voices, just as a dressmaKer makes
over old-fashioned gowns. "You pay
your money," he said (that preliminary
■was never neglected), "and you t;ifce your
choice — licht soprano, dramatic soprano,
coniralto: lean make you sing anything
from 'Az'jcena' to 'Linda da Chamounix. 1 "
She chose contralto, because in spite of
the rate at which they are being manufac
tured there is still a tradition that con
tralios are scarce. The poor girl had an
agonizing time trying to acquire what she
caiJed her "ciiest" note?, for nature had
not given her any ; but one diy when she
was crappiing with all the vowels and
consonants of the alphabet in her efforts
she heard a peddler out in the street call
ing '"Fantoiole." He was crying his
wares in the deep, sepulchral, hollow
sounding tones that peddlers, costerraon
gers and made contraltos all affect.
"That' 3 what I want," exciaimel the girl;
and moved by a sudden inspiration she
cried "Dantofole," too, in a tone so.deer>,
Hollow and sepulchral that she almost
wept, with joy at hiving 'got" the con
traito production. Her maestro congratu
lated her on her intelligence, and said
that covtermon ers, although untutored
children of- nature, often have beautiful
chest tones.
Just six months aiterwara that girl
learned the error of her ways. By that
time she had two distinct voices, the one
above her costermon-.-er tone?, which way
thin and reedy and was crowing smalier
by degrees and beautifully less, and the
notes the had learned from tha coster
rnoncer, which were growing heavier,
coarser ana more unnatural day by da}*.
Her co M . version is another story. She said
st the time that she would li ice to under
take a lecturing tour, in order to make a
horrid fxarap'e of herself for the banefu
of other misguided mezzo-sopranos, just
as reformed drunkards get up on plat
forms and tell about the error of the days
when they served tlie demon rum. But
the pity ol it is her preachine would not
have been of any use, for t:ie poor little
mezzo-sopranos who are shrieking out un
natural low notes would never have lis
tened. They all hope some day to bridge
over the bre.-.k between their natural and
their acquired voices, and in the mean
time they say triumphantly, "Why, even
Scalchi has breaks between her registers."
Quite true; but every tone in Scalchi's
rich voice proclaims that she is a con
tralto, while the poor little manufactured
contraltos have (bin, reedy upper and mid
die tones.- They should judge themselves
by the-e notes, not by a few acquired Jow
tunes, the production of whicu is really
nothing but the trick of a ventriloquist. I
think the te=t medicine for a girl «vbo
wants to make herself into a contralto is
to hear Scalchi. for she is a contralto by
the grace of God.
NordicaisAs full of surprises as a grab
bug ut a church fair. She disappoints the
expectations of one audience and sends it
away saying that she has seen her best
days.and the next audience she wili sweej>
off i;s feet in a fervor of admiration. On
Tuesday night she gave varied samples of
her powers and not one was up to the $1300
a night standard, if I may use dollars as
a mean-; of computing art. The Hunga
rian aria was dramatically sung, but it
made Nordica's voice seem very thready,
particularly in the upper tone*, and when
she did emit a clarion - liki note
it was with visible effort. Her Mar
guerite was sweetly enough rendered,
but so soltly as to convey the impression
that her voice was tired and worn and she
was anxious to save it. ' On Thursday the
role of Leonora, of "II Trovatore" fame,
brought forth more dramatic singing than
Marguerite had done and the diva's voice
was less tired, but it still conveyed the
impression of having seen its freshest
days. From a vocal standpoint Nordica
sang both roles better eight years hco. As
for the $1300 a night quoted above I have
heard Marguerite and Leonora better sung
by sopranos who were not geiting 1300
francs a night, much less dollars.
Just as some of us were beginning to
think that Jean de Reszke (who they say
makes all the enca-'emen'.s at the Metro
politan) had concocted p. deep laid scheme
for doing better with his $1300 a night
than by engaging Nordica, and had
stirred up strife with that end in view,
Nordica sang at the third concert yester
day, and th^e of us who had ;.one. not to
scoff, but to listen somewhat coldly, re
mained to pray.
It is impossible in cold type to give any
idea of the singing Nordica gave us as
Brunhilde, sinking that made one tingle i
and thrill to the fioper tips wiih a feelini: |
of sensual delight. It was not the same
voice, cot the same woman who had sung
Marguerite. Brnnhilde was a trans
formed bein?, whose voice rang out, full,
resonant and commanding as a silver
clarion. There was no effort there; f:oin
the softest tone? to the loudest her
voice pealed forth wiih the ease of
an organ. And what exquisite modula
tions! how tender and sweet were the soft
passages. It would have been blasphe
mous indeed to mention the word "ihread
iness'' in connection with such notes t>.B
thote. I cannot attempt to explain thi3
dual personality in Nordica's voice, I can
only bow reverentially before her highest
work. Jean de Iteszke, if you were not so
wrapped up in your own elory you would
offer Nordica thric-SI3OO a night rattier
than lose such a superb artist from your
company. Marie Evelyn.
Baldwin Theater.
The dramatic event of the Baldwin sea
son will take piace to-morrow evening |
with the return to tbo 9tage of Mme. I
Modjeska. Al Haymau & Co. have induced I
the actress to reappear and she is to act !
for four weeks only, two of which are to
be spent in this City and the remainder
throughout the State. She will be sup
rorted Dy an orgaization beaded by t c
well-known leading man Joseph Haworth,
who has come here especially for the
Modieska season. The opening play is to
be Badsmsaon's "Magda," an adaptation
from the German ot "Heiinath." It war
m this play that Modjeslia won hir last
success.
The roll of Aiagda 13 a favorite with such
actresses as Modjcska, Bernhardt, Diise,
Mrs. Patrick Campbell, etc., on account of
the Histrionic opportunities it afford-*. No
doubt Mme. Modje*ka will be a:jle'to in
vest with its most womanly qualities the }
role of the vagaoond sinzer. who returns
to the stern, narrow home of her child
hood and chafes against its moral bond- j
age. "Slugtia" is to be the bill for the I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1897.
week and at the Saturday matinee. On
Saturday night Schiller's "Marie Stuart"
is to be presented. la "Mngda" Miss
Frances Joikffe, a local debutante, will
play the role of the little sister, and in
"Marie Stuart" Mrs. Frances Edgerton, a
well-known S?.n Francisco reciter, will De
Queen Elizabeth.
For the second and Inst week of her en
gagement Modjeska will present "Mac
beth," "Adrieuna Leconvreur," etc.
Columbia Theater.
"The Devil's Auction" will run all this
week at the Columbia, and will no doubt
continue to rill the theater, for it is the
best production yet of this spectacle.
"The Prodigal Father" will open at the
Co!umb : a on Monday, February 8. It is a
faice-comedy, which is said to tell in a
very amusing way the adventures of a
wealthy old gentleman who beguiles his
family with regard to certain adventures
which have belallen him and gets himself
into a comical tangle, which is not unrav
eled without plenty of laughter on the
part of the audience. "Tne Pro<!i--al
Father" contains a number oi specialties
and many new and up-to-dnte'jokes.
Claris Hopper and nis "Chimmie Fad
den" company will soon be seen at the
Columbia.
y\lcazar Jheater.
Gillette's popular comedy, "All the
Comforts of Home," will be revived at
the Alcazar to-morrow night.
J. B. Polk will make his reappearance
with the company and repeat his per
formance of the henpecked husband,
Bender, while Hugo Toland will be seen
in ti:e part of the impecunious nephew,
Afred Hastings. Beatrice Leb will take
the part of the opera sinper, Fifi Ora
tanski, who appears to the astonished
Bender in all the glory of doublet and
hose. Mrs. Bates will be seen as the jeal
ous wife, Mrs. Bender.
Miss Crosby, the daughter of a Suisnn
capitalist, will make i.er debut in this
play. She is- a graduate of the Van Ness
Seminary, where she taught for a time in
the primary department befor-- she de
cided to go on ihe stage. She has studied
very thoroughly iorihe profession she has
decided to adopt and much is expected
from her.
Qrar\d Opera-j-lovise.
A new play, "The Orphans of New
York," is billed for to-morrow night. The
story deals with the fortunes of Shiner,
a bootblack, who eventually obtains much
wealth, which villains attempt to with
hold from him. Incidentally he does all
sorts of daring things. An orphan asy
lum is tirod and he sav^s the little white
robed girls from the burning building.
In fact, every act sees the plans of the
bad conspirators frustrated by the bold,
ood-naiured boy. This part is taken by
Edward Heron.
Cora Macey has been specially engaged
as Sister Mudelame aud Rosamonde
O'Connell is alK> to bo one of the sisters in
charge of the orphan asylum. Two child
actresses, Little Zina aod Juliet Chand
ler, are also to have important parts.
Jivtoli Opera-House.
Wallace's ballad opera, "Maritana,"
will be the bill at tbe Tivoli to-morrow
night. Katherine Krieg and Yves Kenyn
ton will alternate during tbe week in the
title role. Bernice Hoimes will be Lsza
reilo and Irene Mull is to appear as the
Marchioness of Monteriori. Tbe rest o! the
cast includes: W. H. West ns Charles 11,
Kin* of Spain; John J. Kaffael as his
Minister, Don Jose de bantarem; Ithys
Thomas sn Don Caesar (ie Bazan, and Fer
ris Hartnian as the Maroui« of Montetiori.
Oa Saturday evening, January 30, a
new. up-to-date extravaganza, founded
upon tne old story of "Aladdin or the
Wonderful Lamp," "will be produced. The
management promises beautiful scenery
aud costumes, brilliant stage effects and
many novelties both in the billet and
srecialty line. The entire strength of the
company, together with several specialty
artists, will appear.
At the Orpheum.
AJcide Capitaine, known as "The Perfect
Woman," will make lier first appearance
to-morrow ni«ht. She i 3 snia to be pos
sessed of remarkable physical strength
and to f'«» an exceptionally skilled aeria!
artist. Bessie Clayton, who recently re
turned from Australia with "A Trip to
Chinatown" company, will be another
new Btar. She danced and sanp; herself
into popularity the last time she was
here.
Arnold Kiralfy will appear with his
ballet this week in a new eccentric
dance, a line of work in which he has
made a name for himseif. The Royal
Hungarian Orchestra will play a number
ot ncv selections, and some of the best of
last week's acts will remain on the bill.
fit the Chutes.
The scenic railway at the Chutes has
been reconstructed and greatly improved,
and will be in full running order this aft
ernoon and evening.
The special atterr.oon attractions will
be Ordway, a trick bicycle rider; Brown,
the one-!egeed cyclist; a five-mile bicycle
race between two voting Indie?, and a bal
loon ascension by Etnil Markebers;.
In the evening* the features of tne after
noon will be repeated, with the exception
of the ascension, ana the animaioscope
will show for the first time the Empire ex
press train running at full speed, and
many other lifelike scenes.
California Theater.
The California Theater will open on the
loth of February, with a reconstructed
version of 11. C. White's "Our Little Cin
derella." All the characters in the fairy
story wiil be assumed by cnildren, and
new ami eorpeous scenery is promised.
The entertainment will be interspersed
with specialties, and among other variety
artists who have been engaeed to appear
are the Zmriellas, who perform a daring
aerial act.
Nordica's Fare Well.
The following programme will be per
formed at the iarewell Nordica concert at
the Baldwin Theater to-night:
Overture "Magic Flute" Mozart
Orchestra.
?o:is, -'The Two Grenadiers" Schumann
J. (.'. Deuipsey.
Arl», "Ah, Rendinie" (A. I) 1682) Ross!
Mine. Kralcnl.
Hungarian aria, ' Er^zt'b-th" Erkel
Mm.-. Nordica (by rujjest).
Aria, "I Lombard! 11 Verdi
t'.arron Ber.bald.
Trio, last act "Faust" Gounod
lluic. -NonJics, Messr*. Bertliald and Dempsey.
INTEBMISSIOX.
Overture, "Bilder aus usteu," Schuraann-Relneelce
>. rcliejlra.
Gavotte, "Mignon" Thomas
Mrue. bcalchl (by request).
Song, "I'll Sing Tnee Songs of Araby" Clay
Harrow B rtha.d.
Song, "A ye Maria" Bach-Gounoa
Jlme. J»ordica.
Violin obligHto by August Hinrlchs.
Serenade, 'Don Juan" ' «ch»lkowsky
J. C. liempsey.
Quarter, "Rigolelio" Verdi
M.esdanies..Sordira nnd :-cnlcni and Messrs. Bs-r
--thald a:id Dempsey.
People's Palace.
The colored minstrels bring their en
•gagement y> a close this evening. To
morrow night Professor Bristol's perform
ing horses, ponies and mules begin a two
weeks' engagement. These intelligent
creatures are always popular favorites
wherever they go. They perform their acts
in a clever business-like manner, which
teems almost more like reason than mere
meclianical tra ning. Profe-sor Bristol's
method of directing his animals is the
best evidence that kindness is a good
teacher.
Hugo Herold Gorxcert.
Hugo Herold, the well-known barytone,
who has won success in Europe, will *ive
his first song recital in Golden Gate Hal!
on the evening of the 29th inst. Much in
terest is fell in the concert in San Fran
cisco musical The following pro
gramme will be performed:
Sonata In F, op. 8, allegro con brio. alleEretto
quasi andaiitiiio. allegro rao.'to vsvac* . Grieg
Messrs. Uiullo Minetll and Roderick Her W.
•'(antique de Aoei" :......:... Hugo Herold
Traculriptlon, "Henry Vlll".Salnt-=aens, Tiiome
Koderick Hero.d.
(a) "Dream Kancie»" a. Goring Thomas
(d) "Where" ; C. Pastor Cooper
(c) 'The Foumaiu Mingles With the Kiver".
.Gounod
. Hugo Herold.
(a) Andantf) CantaNie ..Srambatl
(b) "Spanish DauCe3"...«... .: Sarasate
liiulio Mlnetti.
(a) "Fii Srhwan" Grieg
(b) "Ich Grolle .Nichf Scbamaun
(c) "L/u BUt Wie Kine Blunu-" Kuoiusiein
Hugo lie: ■> d.
(a) Valse, op. 42.... ...'.")
(0) Nocturne, op. 15, >'o.a, >Chopin
(c) i tude, op. 23, No 9.....:.... )
EodcTlcfc Heruld. :;>'■:
--(a) -'Lasciar II Dir" F. Quaranta
(li) ■■iintiimne"
(c) "BlTnle Voulais".... F. Paolo Tosii
-Hugo Herold.
'•Airs Busses" ...Wlenlawski
Giullo Min-tti.
"Der £rl-Konle" 4 Schubert
Hugo Jderoid.
Bacor\-Jvlir\etti Gorxcerts.
The second series of Bacon-Minetti con
certs will take place on the first Saturdays
of the months of February, March, April
and May. The following programme will
be performed at the Februajryconcert:
Concerto G rosso Handel
For four violins, viola, eel o and buss;
(11 l at lime in Han Francisco. )
Vocal Selection! Miss Daisy Conn
Piano Concerto, D minor MtnaelssJhn
(with string Quintet accompaniment)
. -•1.-.M A. J;jcj.j.
(i) Can zone tta .. Godard
(b) Aria.... Bach
(c) ilinueuo Bolzoni
String Quint,
J-leirve Trio Jtecital Postponed.
On account of the Nordica concert the
first recital of the Heine trio will take
place on Saturday afternoon, January 30,
at 3 P. M. at GolJen Gate Hall.
Pi avj Wrights Jtejoice.
.Ail the dramatic authors and news
papers are rejoicing in the passaee of the
anti-play piracy bill. Bronson Howard,
president of the American Dramatists'
C.ub, received by mail a very ordinary
looking penholder, made of wood and
cork, in which was inserted a steel sub
pen. Accompanying v was the following
letter:
Executive Mansion, j
Washington, D. U, Jan. 6, 1897. i
My Dear Sir: I take pleasure in sending you,
from the President's nancl, the identical pen
and penholder used by him in approving Sen
ate bili 2306, relating to copyrights.
1 trust mat the law may nfford a protection
to the author for his toil and to th« pub.ic
fiom spurious representation. Very truly
yours, Henry T. Thvrber,
Private Secretary.
In answer Mr. Howard wrote Secretary
Thurber as follows:
We shall keep the pen in a frame with your
letter, and with the signal ures oi all the mem
bers of the club at the p;efcent day and all the
leading managers.
Tne va.ue 01 this historical memento can
hardly be overestimated, In vinw of the turn
ing point it will always mark in the movement
of the American drama, from the mere pro
duction oi plays for the passing amusement of
the public toward the establishment of a Na
tional dramatic literature.
Dramatic Brevities.
Louts James follows Modjaska at the Bald
win Theater.
Margaret Mather offers $5000 for a play suit
able to her taienis.
F. F. Mackey retires from W. H. Crane's
company on February 8.
Kate Claxton will give $25,000 for a play
like the "Two Orphans."
Charles Frohman offers $10,000. f0r a suita
ble play for Maud Adams.
Rose Coghlan has replaced Mrs. John Drew
in the -'Sporting Duchess."
Fanny Rice will soon be coming to the Co
lumbia with a new musical comedy.
The Court Theater i:i Liverpool, England,
wrs totally destroyed by fire recently.
Richmond, Va., is to have a new theater, to
be built by Major Glnter of cigarette fame.
May Irwin will travel on her own account,
aud it is said Ramsey Morris will be her man
ager.
Delia Fox is in Milwaukee this week. She
sends word that she is glad her Pacific tour
has ended.
Stuart Robson tays he will give the gross
receipts of the first three months for a play
that will lit him.
Reginald de Koveu has written the inci
dental music lor Margaret Mather's produc
tion of "Cvmbeline" at Wailack's.
'•Cubit's Vow" is the play that causes the
American Theatrical Exchange to be overrun
with actors. George Kennington is to manage
the play.
Charles Frobman has engaged Miss Virginia
Harned to nppear in the new Sardou play,
"Spiritism?," which is to be pro-iuced at the
Knickerbocker Theater on February 17.
In Christmas week \\. H. Keith sang "Santa
Maria" in St. Joseph's Chur.h, Paris. He was
announced in the Paris Herald and conse
quently the church was jammed by Ameri
cans. His singing is said to have made a
grtat sensation.
••Magdn," the adaptation of Sudermann's
drama, "Heimath," which Modjeska will pre
sent at the Baldwin Theater on Monday even
ing, is one of the iew dramas which requires
but onu stage setting, and that U dune in the
four acts occuring in the "living-rooms" of a
provincial German home.
When "Dr. Claudius" is produced in New
York In March it will mark the entree as a
dramatist of F.Marion Crawford, tne famous
novelist. Like Dv Maurier, Gilbert Parker and
Anthony Hupe Mr. Crawford sees a future on
the stage for his novels. The dramatization
of "Dr. Claudius" will be made by the author
himself.
There was introduced at Hoyt's Theater on
Sunday evening another Herrmann. Adelaide
Heirmunn, widow of the late Alexander Herr-
Mann, invited a large assemblage to tee what
the new Herrmann could do. The magician
was clever enough, but caused some nmuse
m -nt in tne juggling of the English language,
lie being a Frenchman. Nothing new was iu
iroduced in the tricks shown, but Leon Herr
mann showed aM iry, ai d that was the main
point of the exhibition. The exhibition of
»hadowgra-.hy whs satisfactory. Leon Herr
mnnn resembles his late ui.cle in everything
save height.
George W. Search, a musician of Philadel
phia, recently finished a ihree-act romantic
opcraiic s-paetacie entitled "Lurline, the
Nymph of tne Rnine." It is adapted irom the
old (iernian legend of the Rhine and is r.u.lete
w.th light and <a chy mu-i:. grand choruses,
marches and elaborate sceote and billet ec
fects. The piece is now lii thehandsof Wil
liam A. Braoy for cjnsi leration.
Mrs. John Hoffman Martin is announced to
appear i;i the title ro'.e of Dumas' five-act
tragedy, "Adale," at the Murray Hill Taeater,
New York, on the 28'h i:ist. She will be sup
pirted by E. J. Henley and a company Of
metropolitan artists. 1 "he proceeds of the en
iertßinmcnt will be devoted to the benefit of
tne sick and wounded of the CubiiT! revolu
tion, under the Huspiies of the Ked Cross and
the Junta societies.
Fommer and Frobel, who have been doing
the trapeze and ladder act in -'Tne Devil's
Auction" at the Columbia, have a new aerial
act for this week, which they entitle "Chinese
Antics." It is considered to be something en
iirely new to the stage, and was only Riven its
tria; performance on Friday afternoon Defore
a small audience of press representatives. The
performers era suspend /d on a single pole
balanced across a trapeze twenty feet above
the blase, and in this position they perform
numerous balancing feats and cause the pole
to make rapid revolutions, one of them cling
ing to each end.
FEEDING BIRDS IN WINTER.
An Incident in the Life of Horatio Sey
mour of New York.
A most interesting method of tempting
the winter birds to come freely and linger
aboui our houses was put in practice by
the late Horatio Seymour, a man who was
in the most intimate harmony with ali
bird and wild life. A few weeks after his
long Presidential contest with General
Grant, which ended in the election of the
latter, the writer walked one cold winter
morning from Utica to Mr. Seymour's
rural home, a low cottaee ironting a mag
nificent view of the Mohawk Valley, and
nestling in the embrace of a primeval lor
est—a woodland full of animal life, a rest
ing-place often sought hy the owner, who
was weary of political life, although it had
given him many honors.
Mr. Seymour, then a venerable man,
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY JANUARY 24,
(FAREWELL, CONCERT).
NORDICA, SCALCHI, BERTHALD (Tenor), DEMPSEY (Basso).
Brilliant Programme : Aria from "Erszebeth," Gounod s "Aye Maria." Trio from Last Ac: of
"Faust," Grand Quartet Irom "Rlgoletto," c.c
TO-MORROW, MONDAY JANUARY 25,
(TWO WEEKS ON.
Assisted by the Sterling Actor. MR. JOSEPH HA WORTH, — Complete Company.
"^S^T?^tUJSR^£&SAS^Se?» ****** Sudermann's Great Play
SE OXD W UK : Monday, Tuesday and Satur'av Nisrhts "inrRFTH"
Thursday (February 4), by Lnivereal lieque^t, •• .-, DWE^K Lt COl :vke!k' "
REGULAR BAJUUWIN PRICES.
Sfata for First Week Now Belling. s e »is Tor Second Wee* Win be Beady To-morrow.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
FRIKDLAXDEK. GOTTLOB & CO Lessees and Managers.
*w£u£Hptyi[5 AUSTTONT Second and Last Week of Chas. h Yale's Forever
j<^^ Devil's Auction
jR / //V^^^^fflji COMPLETE UHAJS'GE OF ALL FEATURES. ]
\\ fo'*ffli I Sf^Ssß Q Ballets> Specialties, Costumes and Novelties.
/I^t^Sv NEW -THIS BALLET UK THK fool's. —
WM^VVEEKAND |gp|f™^
m^JSa WimlßSk VSBgk vyc - I --IV rtl>U qukf.ns of the ballet
"~~HsSH»KIv .. «© FIPST TFHP kmriksopthk ballot
M&M\ ds^W&\t WrlKOl 111 Iti THEATKE DKS MARIO.NKTTE3
fflfflvm ■ mmW\Vr i HFPP thk army OF salvation.
L i*3 W&L *** : '*^t«' ON THK RIALTO.
l^ffrf^wH^iTO^^ w First Pfeseatatlon In this Cltv of the New Pantomimic Episode.
THE BIKE CRAZE!
(E<«r^tejfc\re>^ l >W All the hits of the past week retained. All the Goreeom
ultfefis %J&\t£fsrac/?> 0/ scenery, Cos-umlne and Effects.
l m2^*ti^umQr' jj^ TOU CAN'T afford to miss IT!
t& lfi& Monday. Febrnwrv 1.. .. "THE PRODIGAL FATHER."
MHDHQPn'Q THIS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT.
I VI WJTI V^ O W V-/ O Last Performances of
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE AGAINST THE STREAM
WALTER MOROSCO... SoIe Lessee and Manager. With Its Sensational Situations.
Comxneuoing IVTonciay iTanuary as
Another Splendid Production. New to the Pacific Coast.
ORPHANS OF NEW YORK!
A Comedy- Drama, Dealing With the Lowly Side of Nature in a Big City.
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY FOR EACH ACT— A CAST FULL OF NEW PEOPI B
2WOND = FIRE SCENES r> "*-»-»
WONDEKFUL FiRE i>CENES"~~-«&
Songs and Dances! New-Specialties-New Dances and Songs!
Evening Prices-loc. 85c and BOC. MATINEES ' TURDAT AND SUNDAY
A I II 711 D I- '■*" Performances
l*B_trM/.MHB To-Day. Matinee
Hh»Wfari»ll and Night, of "A
Fair Rebel." The greatest war play
ever written.
MONDAY, JANUARY 25.
Revival (by special request) of the Famous
Laughing Success,
ALL THE COHORTS OF HOME.
ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.
ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME.
Three solid hours of hilarity. . I
Jt will cure the blues and all your troubles.
Fife Oritanski invites you to breakfast.
Alfred Hastings will rent you rooms In a superb
mansion with "All the Comforts of Home "
HUGH TOLA D And All ilie Favorites.
Reappearance of J. B. POLK asTueodore Bender.
Our Regular Prices. Phone for seats— Blacg 991.
Matinee To-l>av (Sunday*). Jan. 24.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera Cnairj
and Box Seas, 50c.
7rT7r THE FRANTZ FAMILY "7 1
The West WoDtierful Acrobats on Karth.
BINNS AND BINNS. the Musical Comedians.
WILSON AND WARING,
ilie Tramp and Dancin< Girl
The Royal Hungarian Court Orchestra,
NI^«?o?^ E , . IAL * ua KIKALFVB GRAND
fl. t, BAUKiS-KNTIf.E CiIANGK.
The Hungarian Orchestra In concert In the Or-
pheum Annex Immediately alter the performance.
PEOPLE'S PALACE.
— — LAST 3 NIGHTS OF
MAHMv -■■ tOLORKQ MiASTt^LjT
BIG HIT OF IHi; CAKEWALK.
MONDAY, JANUARY 25,
Bristol's Wonderful E Jneateil nurses!
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
FIRST RECITAL O* - THE HEINE TRIO
Saturday Afternoon, . J;«n. 30 , 2 Clock
Assisted by Mr. Herbert 1. Medley. .
Admission, 50 cents. : : Reserved seats. $1.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 K. i. to C **. M.
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing, including Admission— Adults
25c. Children Joe. -•-/
General Admits. on, 10c ; Children, sc.
was sitting at a larse plate-glass window,
surrounded by books on ornitnoloiry, and
engrossiugiy occupied in studying the
birds thai, flitted irom the forest to a hnge
cheiry tree before the door, where a net o'
wire held a store of fat suet— .l lood ricbA
in cold-resisting c«rbon and as temp ins A
to the half-chilled birds as tallow caudles J
are sa:d to be to the shivering E-kiruo.
Before the writer's window come a hun
gry troop o swing on the vines, as they
await their turn.-, aud a merry *c;'na they
make-vftn-n the t>ky is dark and the trees
are bowed low with snow and ice. Not
oftpu, hut occasionally, a pair of goKlen
cres'.d wren ■■ il,i from the storm to the
window to peck a meal from frozen fat,
ami deligfu us with. a beauty that s-ems
too frail to brave the lightest snowflake;
but they are happy beyond belief, singing
merrily even wfken the 'jercury is below
zero and arc ie pales bend the trees.
If each kind-hearted little Agassiz and
Audubon will try th.s simple experiment
he will cheer the life of m my a bird and
rind a new companionship in nature that
will make winter iife less wintry. — L. W.
Ledycrd, in tjwiss Croat.
Ji hn Allen's Story.
Private John Allen of Tupelo, Miss., the
humorist and story-teller ot the House,
briu s back .1 new story with him, which
the Washington Star prints. There is a
stirewd suspicion that ne is the suver spell
binder referred to in his story, although
he does not say so. The story is that a
silver spellbinder was traveling from one
point to another on horseback to 1511 bis
engagements, when he met a man on the
road nauling a barrel of water, that being
a section of the State where good waier
from wells or springs is a rather scnrco
article. The silverite fell'iDlo conversa
tion with the man with the water-barrel,
and as they were discussing the burning
issues of the campaign, the silver nißn,
spied a goat in a field by the roadside. Ha
asked the man with the water barrel what
that goat was worth. The reply was
"aboui $2."
'Wei.," said the silverite, "if we get freo
silver that goat will be worth $4, twice as
mucii as it is now."
"Y-a-s," drawled the man, "and if I had
this ban-el of water in hades, it would be
worth $1000 at least."
The silverite '.aid nothing, but rode on,
thinking deeply.
A Russian nas designed a coflßn wbich
is connected with the surface of the
ground after burial by a pipe, in which ia
a rod connected with a signal device, the
least motion of the body raisins; a flag in
position by touching off a spring.
TiVOLI OPERA-HOUSi
aißu.iißi,iunijfa Kbju,in^». Proprietor sxaiuin:
To-3\TiSla.t
—LAST TIME—
Our Holiday Spectacle,
JACK ANtrfHTBEAKsfAix
•~r- — -rrr ' -\
To-Morrow Kveninsr, JVI ADIT AM A W
Five Nights Only, 1 * ItIAKI i ANA^
SATURDAY. JANUARY 30.
-.A. Ij J\. X> X IST:
A Hodge-Podge of
MIRTH, MUSIC, BALLET AND
BKACTY.
Fooul*- Prices ....25c nn<l sOa
THE CHUTES.
GREAT DAY TO-DAY I
? AFTERNOON.
BALLOON ASCENSION
By EMIL MARKKBEKG.
OBDWAY. Trick Bicycle Rider: Brown, the one-
legged cyclist. ana 5-Mile Bicycle Contest be-
tweea Two Young Ladies.
EVENING— ORDWAY-BKOWX, 5-Ml!e Bicycle
Contest and New Scenes by the ANIMaTO-
SCOPK, lnclu 'Ing the Kraplre state Express
Admission. 10 cents: <-h Idren. 6 cents.
DICING! RACING! KACINGI
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
WINTER MEETING, 1896-*97.
Beginning Monday, Jan. 11, to Jan. 23. Inclusive
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday anil Saturday.
. .: ■, i.i. in .-hine-
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 P.M. Sharp — . ;
terry. Boats lrave ban Francisco at la m. ana i
12:30. 1. 00, 1:80, 3:00, 2:30 and 3 P. M.. connect-
la' wiiii trains stoppio; at the ranee to trade w
Buy your ferry tick* is to J^bell Wound. S
Heturning— Trainj leavu the TracK at 4:15 aal
4:45 p. M. end immediately after the last race
B. X An^O^ecVe^y^ 8 J^ *"*»«»■
CENTRAL PARK.
!v.'; TO-DAY A. 3 p. M.
33 -A- S E ::Q wflL Ti Tt!
S. F. ATHLETICS vs. SANTA CLABA.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
StMJIAlir OF THE MAKKETS.
I
|
.' Tank Clearings continue to gala.
I Ipmentof 8158,237 to China.
I All Cereals quiet.
* Hay weas. p.oilea Barley cheaper.
'. Beans and Seeds very dull.
increased imports of Specie.
Decreased Imports of Merchandise.
Increased exports of Lumber.
■ Eastern Apples a 'salable. #
California Apples firm.
Citrus Fruits dull.
Dried Fruits inactive.
Provisions weak and quiet.
Onions higher, l'otaiocs flrm.
_ Butterand Cheese weak.
; Kggs lower again.
Large stocks 01 Eastern Poultry.
Game quiet.
SPECIE IMPORTS.
Imports of .Specie at this port in 1896 were $11,
--834.421, against #3,434,297 In 1»59... and consisted
Chiefly of, the following descriptions: Gold Coin,
l*2t££?!??i s:lv »'r Coln- $487,400: Gold Bullion,
5980 117: Silver Bullion, $1,749. t>9i Auu:rului
V-?l- ■'' B''3 * '■' Xn =11 '*|i f-overeigus an.i Mexico
5-,S< 2.»t,u In silver Coin and Bullion..
•. • iMFoiixs 01 sii;i;.n.ixi)iM;.
• Imports of foreign merchandise at Pan Francisco
hi 189 d we r? valued at 930,-111.3U0,.asainst $38,
--925-.600 in i 896, com ng principally from the fo-
B lowing sources: Hawaiian Islands" $11,9^3.250;
JHpan. $:>,4«<».600; China, $5,336,000; t<rfat Brit
ain, »3,ita6,000; central America, $2,443,000.
GKOCEKY IMPORTS.
Imports of staple Groceries at this port in 1596
were as follows, compared with 1595:
1866. 1896.
Sngar, 1b5.......... 365,476.740 275.610.840
Cort'ee. lbs... 17 S9S.IOJ 981.200
Bice, tbs ."." 43.540.3u0 49.20-<,500
Ten, lbs 1.."'."".".'" 5.075,600 6,98-5,000
TIIKASIIiL SHIPMENT.
The city of Kio de Janeiro took out a treasure
■ list of 9158.237, consisting ot $2722 in Mexican
Dollars, $31 5 in uo.d coin and »155,-'OO in Silver
. Bullion.
#* BASK CLKAKIXGS.
~'W_ local bank clparl?is^last week were $12,299,542,
\ rcnlnst $11,114,524 lor the same week in 1896.
\ This indicates an improved state of trade.
. LTJHBEB EXPORTS.
Exports of Lumber from this port in 1896 were
33,6J0,U00 feeu valued at $645,448, against 17,
--■ 671,000 feet at $300,031 in 1895.
V Explanation.
I The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
* at station indica;e maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth*.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect po^n s of equal air pressure; iio
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually .dccomDanled by fair weather: "low"
refers to /low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather ana rain*.
I "Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast.. Whin the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low"- Is inclosed with isobars o*
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
he pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHEB BUREAU REPORT.
• United States Department of Agkicul
' tibk. weather bureau, sax francisco, Jan.
23. 1897, 5 r. m.— Weather conditions and general
'' forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season
and rainfalls during the past twenty-four noun:
Eureka 23.52 inches, last season 21.74, past 24
hours.o4 of an inch: Red Bluff 11.84, last season
10.35, past 24 hours .09: fan Francisco 11.14, last
I season 951, past 24 hours .00: Fresno 4.73, last
season 3.14,« past 24 hours .00; San Luis Obispo
9.70. last season 9.94, past 24 hours .00: Loi An
gelej 8.40. las: season 4.19, past 21 hour] .00: San
Diego 6.52, last season 2.24. past 24 hours .00:
Yuma 4.62, last season .32. past 24 hours .00.
Ban FraDCisco data— Maiimuai temperature 47,
minimum 42, mean 44.
An area of high pressure overlies the upper Mis
souri Valley to-night, causing very cold weather
over the entire country east of the Rocky Moun
tain's. The pressure has fallen over the Pacific
Slope, and there appears to be a large low area
over the Pacific and cose to the land. Should the
high area move south westward decidedly colder
weather with heavy frosts will occur over the
southern half of the Pacific Slope. The weather
has been foggy "nd cloudy over the entire country
west of the Rocky Mountains. Haln Is falling at
Kureka and there is some indication that cloudy
weather and rain with high southerly winds will
prevail over Northern California Sunday afternoon
and night.
The following maximum wind velocity Is re
ported: Tatoosh, forty miles per hour from the
" ,'e»»t.
; Storm southeast signal is displayed at Eureka
r^A and information signal at ■ Unn Francisco, warning
U'rthbound veste s of a stiff southeaster.
V, recast made at .San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight, January -4, 1897.
Northern California— Ham Sunday; fresh south
easterly winds.
Southern California—Cloudy Sunday with rain
In northern portion Sunday night; light northerly
changing to southeasterly winds.
■>.:a—Bain north Sunday; colder Sunday
and Sunday night.
I." tah—Cloudy Sunday; cooler; probably cold
wave.
Arizona—Cloudy Sunday; decidedly colder Sun
' day night.
Ran Francisco and vicinity—Cloudy and prob
ably rain Sunday; continued cold weather; high
southeasterly winds. - •■ ■ •
Alexander McAdik,
Local Forecast Otllciat.
NEW YOiiK MARKETS.
Financial.
SEW YORK, If. V., Jan. 23.—The stock market
was weak, Tooacco stock leadln; lv the down
ward movement, dropping 2M». and Sugar li/s-
Leather ■preferred dropped %' and Manhattan
' 3 Vg- In the general run of KOOJn the losses were
',» to ] per cent. Toward the cloio Tobacco ral
lie is/g and other stocks recovered ys(q,- r >'s per
Icen:. speculation closed steady in tone. Union
Pacific rose to 8 on tne announcement of the com
pletion of the syndicate to payoff the Government
II n, but Londou turnel up as a seller and the rise
wai afterward lost. The total sales were only
fc4,10.* shares. Net changes yß@Vi loss, except
tor Delaware an I Hudson, whlcn gained %, and
Long islan I, wnlch advan.ed Va per 'eat.
Bo.vi* lirrn Total sales. $1 -9..000 General
. Klertric debenture fives ros *2; Kin»-is Pacific
FINANCIAL.
/CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
1 AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
\ WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeidebdorlT St., Tel. Main 1954.
_•„..,. - CXNTRAL OFFICE'
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur ly <fc Atkinson,
. Managers. Tel. .'Mniii 5141.
Uptown Office Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
itoom). Tel. Main lu9l. •, "
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
,.T, li tlcms - Preference Ist National Bank, s. F.
CHICAGO. PIUVATK VVIKJi iSEW YOUK..
i con-sol sixes certificates. 3; Louisville. New
Albany and Chicago general lives, 3; St. Paul and
■ Sioux City firs slx».s. 1; St. Paul. Dakota and
Nort a western lives, 2 Hock-Ins Valley bonds fell ■
% for the cons olid fives and 5 for the genera;
sixes. ■P4&SSI ' <
• v Grain.
FLOTJR — NPElected: unchanged. Southern
flour dull: unchanged. Byo flour quiet: steady;
$- fef>@3 IS. ■-•* *-
COKMIKAL-Dull, steady.
KYK— Dull; weaker. .No. 2 Western, 4ii /3 c
' BARLEY -Quiet easier. Feeding, 28y 3 c, c. i. ♦.
Buffalo; opening of navigation. ■ •
WUEAT-Spot market qu et, tinner; f. o. d.
973' 8 c ; ungraded red. 78<@9ac; No. 1 Northern,
it*?,-)-)* (inn and dull at %@y±c advance: Slay
and July only traded in. No. 2 red January, Bfc%o;
March, "B9%c; May, S6%c; July. 83c. •■■'-•■
( OK ->iols dull; noady. No. 2, 28V2 0 e.e
vator, i! 9y 2 c afloat.
Options «ere dull and steady at unchanged
prices without feature. May only traded iv. Janu
ary, 28V s o; May, Me ■-. : \ .
OAl>'— s>potilull, steady.
Options dull, firm. January, 22ci February, 22c;
I May. 2-V3C.
spot prices: No. 2. 22c: No 2, while, 24c;
' No. '£ Chicago. 23c; No. :-:. 20i,ic: No. 8 white,
• 22c; tnUeU Western, itO3-3c; white do, 20@29-^ -
, Provisions.
• j.«i;p —Firm and qu et. Western steam,
.■?4 -'.->: City. $3 76(0.3 SO; Janua.y, $4 20: re
fined slow: Continent. *4 65; South American,
$4 80; compound, 4Vi@4Vic.
1 POKJK— steady. New mess, $8 25@9. -'-.'
. j lilil'l'Kii- Quiet: fancy firm. Western cream-
I cry. lHfa^Oc:- do factory, 7©l4c; 1-lgiiis, -Oc;
imitation creamery, 11© 16c.
CHKKSK— Strong. Part skims, 3<g9c; full
skims. 3.: -' ] 2<\
EciUS— Steady. Icehouse, 12@l'iVac: Western
fresh. 15c: docase,S2©3: limeu, 1 C.
TALLOW— Quiet, nominal, city, 3 Vic; country,
33 B rgi:-%c.
or i UNSEED OlL— Qule', barely steady.
Crude. 20c: yellow prime, •J3@v'3y 2 c
KICK— Firm, moderately active. Domestic,
1 3%(ffi6c; Julian. 41,4@4%C. "
1 -uGLASSES —Steady, better demand; un
-1 changed.
COi- KKE— Steady. sto 10 points down. Janu
ary, $9 35; February, 9«> 35; Mann, $9 40: Sep
tember, $9 50. l?pot Bio dull, easy; No. 7, $9%.
SUGAR— Quiet. Off A, a%3 4 l-16c %* ib:
. mold A. 46/ d c; standard A, 4S/ g c; confectioners'
A. 4' 4 c; cut loaf, 6c; crushed. sc; powdered,
; 4<ssc; granulated, 43^c; cubes, 4. r ;BC.
Fruit and Produce.
A rrJICOTS— Bags. <J(.e>llf-.
J I X'Htb- Uupeeled, bags, ?@9s; peeled, bxs.
12y 2 @lsc.
■ KCNES— Four size*, nominal, 5y B e.
RAJSINS— Two-crown, loose mv catel. 4J/3C $
Ib: S-crown, 6V3C: 4-crowu. BVfrc; London layers.
$1 40*1 iO: dusters, $1 50,'q.l 90.
A. MONKS— Soft shell, B@9Visc; do paper shell,
ll@l2c.
' WALNUTS— Standard. 7c; soft shell, 9c.
HOPS- Firm; moderately active, Pacitic Coast,
8%@13c.
WOOL— Qnlet. firm. Domestic fleece, 10323 c;
pulled, lb(cjblc; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise,
rlGlßON— Quiet. American. $11©16.
COFPKB— Lake. $12. .
LEAD-Steady. Domestic ... 3® 3 10
--■ i IN— Strong, straits, Sl3 60513 70; plates,
moderate d^m md.
bFEI/iEß— Dull. Domestic, $3 90®3 93.;
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. 23.— A harder feeling wai
manifested in wheat to-day ana hicher prices were
attained. One or two local professionals were
noted buyers in an otherwise featureless market.
• The trading was evidently for the evening up of
I previous sales. Liverpool cables reported an aa
, vanceof i^d, thus conveying the knowledge that
! our gain ot yesterday was responded to. something
I which has been unusual of late. Northwestern
' receipts were light at 176 cars against 294 last
Saturday and 435 a year fgo. Chicago received
I 44 cars and inspected »v 97, ill bushels. Exports
; from both coasts for the ■Keen, were ialr at 2,916,
--000 bushels. - -
Argentine 'hipped 22,000 bushels last week.
Closing Paris and Berlin cables were lower. Ant
werp was slightly hithei to unchanged. Export
eienrances at Atlantic seal) )ard ports were 255,-
I 587 bushels. Uncertainty ai to what the Govern-
I ment report will suow on Monday had a rather
! (iraiing fiY-ci on the market- May wheat opened
j from 79" ; ; to BQc. sold between "itf%@79S/«c and
: 8014 c. CtosiiiK at SOi/sC, s/ 8 c higher t.iun yesterday.
' Estimated receipts lor .«ond»jr, 53 cars. No. 1
1 Nor.hwestern *pot Wheat ranged from 88% cto
, 9UV4C, and closed at BSVs= and 89c.
I CuRS- Thf corn n>ar«cet maintained Its cus-
I tomary unruffled appearance, :espot dm« gligntly
] to the temper of whe.it, b.i; prices boding within
restricted limns, and showing no signs of improve
j ment. Bee* ipts were 269 lars, 39 more than-ex
pected. Withdrawals from s ore were fair at 103,
--j 755 bushels. Liverpool cables quoted unchanged
1 prices at that place. The export of 10 nfioni
! coth coasts for the week amounted to 3,520,000
I bushels. Exporis for twenty-four hours were lib-
I eral at 662,163 bushels. May corn opened at 24c,
j soid at i-4VB c ' ciosiux at St4c, a shade under yes
terday. Estimated receipts for .Monday were 260
j car?. y'-i -■■■■'
:.-.- OAT?— There were no developments In the nuts
I market. ih- trading km confined to local operators
; a. most entirely. Ketelpts were 213 cars and bo.
--1 335 bushels were withdrawn from store. Exports
were 33,751 bushels. Maw oats closed unchanged.
I Es;imated receipts for Monday wer>- 285 car«.
I 1 LAX— Was steady. C«Rh, No. 1,74y . : North
-1 western, 76y 2 c: M«y, 77V4@77V2C: -uly, 783^.
bid: beptemue^r, H l^ic asked. Receipts were u ts
cars. -
PROVISIONS— provision market had very
j little life to it. .-The pucicers and one or two-comm
ission houses' i-xecutei a few unimportont or
; ders, but there was 11 ■> influential bu.sii.eis. lue
1 hog market was steady, whicii tone was likewise
j predominant in product. January uork closed 5c
i higher, May lard 2V<jc higher and May rios 2y 2 c
higher. - a .. . ■ , '
i BUTTER— A fair trade in. the batter market
; was noted to-day.
i Creameries— Extras, 19V'2;C asked: 17@18c;
I seconds,l4<slbc: imitations, fancy, l:-.@14c. Dairies
j —Extras. 17c askeJ: firsts. H(<ilbc: geconas. 9(8
: luc Ladles— Extras, 10®llc: firsts, bi/ 2 iaay a i:;
packing nock, be; grease, 2i/2@>^c; rou butter, me.
EUGS— Were steady to firm. Frtsh stock, lSVic.
Other prices unchanged.
MONEY- Was steady at 4i/i@s% on call and 6%,
on time loans. Kef* Yorit exchange sold at 6t>u
discount.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— January, 78V8C; May. 80y 8 July,
75 7 8 c.
CoKN— January, 22c: May, 24c; July. 25VsC
OATS—January, lb^jc: May, 17% ci July,
18% .
i-oKK— January, $7 87^: May. 98.
LAKD-January, #3 97y a : May, $4 10.
l;llj&-January,.?4 0b; J^ay, $4 l2Vs
. Livestock. *• •'. *V "
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111.. Jan. 23.— The
week's receipts of cattle have been only about
43,500; such moderate arrivals would in ordinary
times have materially enhanced prices, but at
present few are required. A mere handful was on
sale to-day and they were taken at steady prices.
I 1 lie run of hogs to-day was liberal, although con
siderably under last Saturday. There was a good
demand and prices ruled strong to 'jy 2 c higher.
The week's supply was 210,000, against 222,000
last week and 129,400 for the corresponding week
!a-t year. The receipts of sheep for the week
) were 62,200. against 71,778 last week and 02,45-'
for the corresponding period in 1896. Ihe supply
to-day was small and easily disposed of at mm
prices.
CATTLE— Receipts, 300. rancy beeves. $5 25
@6 50: fair to prime steer', 94 f-O'dia 25; good to
; choice steers. 84 40@4 76; meuium steers,
$4 05@4 35: fair beef steers. S3 BU@4 00;
I common beef steers, 93 50@J 75: good to prime
stockers ana feeders, f'i 75(5>4 10; fair to good
stockers and feeders. $ i 9J(ift3 70: bulls, choice to
extra, $3'So@3 76; do, poor to choice. $2 26@3 25;
cows and heifers, choice to prime, #3 60@lli0;
cows, fair to choice, f i 3.">ffis 4O: cows, common
to fair runners, $1 76@2 35; calves, good to fancy,
§;> 50&6 bO; calves, common to good, S3 6U@6 40;
'lexas led steen. $3 6U&4 30: milkers and spnnt
ers, '?. head, $25@40.
HOGS-Kecelpis, 20,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, $3 3003 47y 2 ; common to choice
mixed, $3 30&3 50; Choice assorted, $3 42 V 2 ®
3 52y 2 : Jigbi, $3 35(g»3 65: pigs, $3 15@3 5.').
*ii I. EV— Receipts. 3000. Inferior to choice,
$2 6t>@4 £0; lambs, $3 50®5.
Receipts at Omaha. ,
FOIITTt OMAHA. Nebr.. Jan. 23—HO<3S-Re
ceipts, 5800. Market strong to Be higher. Light
ana mixed, 53 Mbqto 40; heavy, S3 ]5« 3 "0.
CATTLK — Keceipia. 100 J. Slow. Steers. $3 75
@4 23: cows, *150(».i5U; feeders. $3@d 90. •
.-HKEi'-rKeceluts. 4000. Market firm. Colorado
lambs, first of season, $4 92 y 2 .
'Receipts at Kansas City.
KANPAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 23 -HOGS-Re
ceipts. 6500. Market firm. Light, $3 3003 40
--medium, 93 25&3 67V->; heavy, $3 25@3 B5:
pi?s $3@3 16. -w .
CATTLE— Receipts, 400. Nominal. Native
steers, beat, $4 V's@t EO; fair to good, $3 25@
4 26; cows and heifers best. $3 oi)@.i6o; fair
to good. 91 89@ • 00; bulls $2 2u@j 10: stock*-™
and feeders. 83 'JU@4 00;. lexas and- Western,
82 50@3 90; calves, $4@9.
b.ut.h.P-.Keceipls, 1500. Lamos, S3 50@4 90:
muttons,' s2@3 60. w
NJiW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, ExchsDgn, Money and Railroad
.Shares.
Money on call lVi@'*%- Prime mercantile paper,
3@3:/3V. Sterling exchange inactive, with
actual business in canters' bills a; $4 84y 3 @4 84^4
lor bO days and $4 Bfc3/i@4 87V4 for aemand.
Posted rates, *4 85%©4 «a Commerclci bills,
84 BH@4 b4. Bar silver, 64 % c. Mexican dollars,
60»4 '0.61 Vie. Government uotids steady; State
bonds dull; railroad bonds irregular. Silver ne
gltcied.
crtfuixo stocks.
Am Tel & Cable... 85 North American... 48/ 4
Atchison 1* Northern Pacific.. 13
Preferred 23S/ 8 i'r-terreJ 383,4
! Adams Express. ..lso Northwestern 103Va
'Iton Ten Haute 86 | Preferred lb\\<±
American Express 110 N V Central .' 04
American Tobacco 74»^ -V Y. Chicago&at L la
Preferred 103 Ist preferred 70
Bay (State Ga5..... 1 1 V* M preferred. 26
Baltimore Ohio.. 15 NY*£H 17tf
Brunswick Lands. %NY «t New Ed*.. 40
Buffalo, Hoch &P. 20V4 > ' V busq«fcW.... 8
Canada Pacific 64 Preferred... 23
Canada Southern.. 45 0ntari0....... 10
Canton Land 60% l ntarto & Western 148,4
Central Paciao 13 Orejronlniprovmnt
tlies & Ohio 17 OPrewrred. ...-r- .
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, StTSTJAiT, JANTJARY 24, 1897.
Chicago Alton 16r...j, Orpeon Navigation 12
Preferred.... 72 Oregon Short Line. 1.14
Chicago, B & U.... 74 i'acinc Mall ... 243/.
Chicago di E 111.... o9 ll'eona. 1) & Evans 2
' Preferred... ■....;.■ 90 I'litaburar &\V Dfd. 15
Chicago Gas.. 7 7y 2 I'uilman Palace.... 167
Uev»- <& PittsDurg.l6B. Quicksilver 1
Consolidation Coal. 36 Preferred ..10
Consolidated Gas.. 147 Readinz. .;........; 25s/ 8
CC StLouia... 27 KloGrande&VVesta 12
Preferred 78Vai i referred 40
Colo Fuel& Ire.i.. , aft Rock 151 and........ 6734
Preferred t:0 KomeWatifeOKden.ll7y 8
Cotton Oil Cere.... IS St'i.<fctS W.. ....... 3»/*
Commercial Cable. 180. Preferred ..... 10^
Del Hudson 108 -t Paul 703 8
Del LackitWestra. 153V0 Preferred i3l
Denver <fc H U...... liy a ,St Paul & Duluth.. 22
Preferred 42 Vi Preterred -85 ■
Distillers si Paul & Omaha.. 6Liy 8
General Electric... 34%' Preferred 182
Erie  146/g St l 1 ii & m 112
Preferred i. 84 Silver Certiticates. 66
Fort Wayne.. .;.... 166 Southern Pacific... 14
Great Northern Dfdl 17 Southern X X U'/i
tireen 8ay.......... Preferred 2SV*
Harlem. 292 sugar Kerinery... .l3 66/ 8
Hockin CoaU SVi Preferred 103
Uocking Valley... 9% Term Coal Iron.. VBS/8
Homestake 35 < Preferred 72
H & Texas Central Texas Pacific ..... 9Va
Illinois Central 94 Tol A A <fc N Mich.
lowa Central. 7 1 / i '10l Ohio & Central 20
Preferred... 26 Preferred 50
Kansas <£ Texas... 13% Tol »t Louis <& K>J &V^
Preferred.. bO j Preferred......... ■15
Kingston & Perm.. « | Cniona»ac;ri<. 73/
Lake Erie & Westn 17 U P Den & Gulf.... »
l'reJ»-rred 6Hy 2 U S Cordage. — —
Lake Shore 162 Preferred ■
National Lead 24 ' Guaranteed
Preferred fcH C 8 Express 38
J.ong Islan.l 43 V B Leather 9
Louisville <fe Naih. 6U% Preferred : 61^8
Louisville, N Atony y*!o S Bubber... 1 245/8
Preferred IV4 Preferred 74V*
Manhattan C0n.... 90%'Uilca& River... l6o
-Memphis & Charts 15 Wnb L & Pacific 6Va
Mexican Centra... 8% Preferred 16ys
Michigan Central.. 89 ! Wells- largo S9
ilinn & L Western Union.... b»"'8
Preferred Wisconsin Central. 2
Mlnn& St L com.. IHV2 Wheeling & LE... 2y 8
Ist preferred 78 Preferred 4
EdDreferred. "46% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 65 ■
Slissourt Paciflc... 21 : i U Beef 7
Mobile&ohlo 21 I Ann Arbor 9^
Nashville «fc i htitt. 67% Preferred '25
National Linseed.. 131/4 Brooklyn Traction. 18%
•NJ Central »9y 8 Erie 2d pfd 19
Norfolk & Westrn. lli/g American Spirits.. 13%
Preterrea IGVj, Preferred 30
. CXOBINO EON-DS.
Ala Class A 4*- ....1041-SiiNorthern Pac lsts.lls
Do Class B 4, 6s. 103 V a ! D02d«....;
Alabama, class C. 98y 3 Do Sis. 79Vi
Atchispn 4s 803/ DoconsolSs 65»/
Do2dsA.... 455 /B iOr lmprovmni, Ist. 83
Canada fouth 2d5.106V2i Do 6s. 18
Cen Pac lstsof'9 5. — - H& N lsti 11U|
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 10 1 Do consol — - 1
D01b97 10ii/ 2 'Or Short Line 65...11 4
liolß9H 1031,., Do consol 5s 68%
Do 1899 1031.,! Pacific 6so; '97....
Ches<fcOhlo6s 10l« "'|Phiia<fe Reading 4s 81
Cb&NPTr Bets 42 ( Do Ist pfd incorn. 46
D C 3-658. ..10»Vi X Grande West lsts 73%
Den * Ist 11l st L<tlroriMtGenss 7rt .
Do «s Btf St I, AbF Gen 65..109 Vi
Erie 2ds 64 St Paul Consols..:. 132
FtW&DenClty lsts 64 |-t PC<t Pa ls:s -.176
li II i A6s 104 So Carolina 4y 9 IOIV2
Do2d7s. 96 l i Southern X 805... 90
Gen Elec Deb ss... 9?> Do Pac Cal 15t5..107
U Tex Cent 55...106y Term new 3s 77Vj
Do con 6s. 101 Texas Pac lsts.i... 88
lowa Central lsts.. 97 lexas Pac 2d* . . 21V2
Kansas Pa Consols 77 Union Pac lsts 96. lO.hVji
KsPalstsDenDlvll6 U S reg of 1925. 121 /8
La Cousol 4s. 95y 3 Do 4s, coupon.... 122^ 8
Missouri funding... j U S 4s reg of 1907. lll^a
MX T ids. 62 Do -is, coupon 112
Do 4s 84V 4 Do 2s 96
Mobile* Ohio 45.. 67% Do us. Reg 113 Vi
Mutual Union' .llo ' j Do in. coupon 1 14 V»
N J Cent Gen ss.;.llt>Vi v'a funding aeot... 62 ""
N YC&Bt Louis 45105 1 Do registered
Nor& West Gen 6sllßVi Do deterred 65... 5
Caro con 4s. 100 i Do trust rcptstpd 534
Do 122 VVabash Ist 6s 107
North west Consols. 141 West olioio »a *063 /8 '
LuCvit 5s HO
FOREIGN MARKETS.
■WHEAT IN UVERPOnI.
LIVERPOOL, Esq., Jan. 23.— 1 he spot market
Is firm at 7s ld<£7s 3d. Cargoes are steadier at bos.
KI'TrKKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 'i Red Winter: Jan
uary, 6s 73/ id: February. 6s 8d; March, 6s B%d:
May, 6s 9d; June, bs 7Vgd.
6KCUBITIES.
LONDON, Esc, Jan. 23.— Consols, 112»/ 8 : sil
ver, 29-' l id; French Rentes, 102 i 66c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — $48514
sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88V4
Sterling Cables — 4 BSS4
New York Exchange, sight.-.. .... — 15
New 'i ork Exchange, telegraphic.. — : ; 17' ■>
Fine Silver, per ounce. '. — > b4%
Mexican Dollars ;.:.. 62.' ' t-Va
PEODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND OXUEit GRAINS.
VvHEAT-Tho Otterburu takes for Cork_»3,}b9
ctls, valued at $149,10^ "'T^ 7 " """"' .
Quotations show no variation worthy of note.
Quoted at $1 3&@1'50 7$ ctl for common grades,
*1 62V @l 63% lor average No. 1, $1 65 for choice
and $1 b~i-2(g,i 60 V ctl lor extra choice milling. ;
CALL I'OARli 6 ALES. ;' ■
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 32 ( ooo
ctls, $162. December - 6000, $1 26W 4000,
91 263 4 : 2000, $1 26.
h>cuKD *<kssion — May — 6000 Ctls, $1 62-'
18,000, 91 sa.y 8 : 16,000, *1 6iii4. - --.. ><)
Keoclab JUoENixe session— May— 2oUo Ctls,
$1 5.7 /8 : 12.000,5. i.134.
BAKj.EY — Nothing new. Business is quiet. We
quote Feed. 7? 1 1 /ac; choice Drignt, «334 c;
Brewing, ao@97y«t; No. 1 Chevalier, *1 10@i 20
%4 ctl.
CALL BOABD SAI.KS. .
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Sko..m> fcESßioN— May— 401 0 ctls. 821/jc: 6COO,
823 /8 c: 2000. 8. Vie; 20u0, B--3/ B e, 2000, »2%c.
J.KOULAB lIOHSISO MCSSION— No SaißS.
OATS— Fancy Feed, 91 45: Common to good
White, $1 10ft$l 35 %* ctl. according to quality.
Black for feed, 96e@!jil 10; for seed, 91 20@l SO;
Gray, nomina ; Bed, SI 07^(g)l 12%; fcurj.riie,
91 61 ©1 60 % ctl.
COB Cheap, weak and neglect<d- Large Yel
low, 75@77y il c %>■ ctl; small Bound 0.0, 9U(ja,92V^c;
White, ?s@BUc %4 ctl.
BYK— 9U«9Sc %» ctL
IiUCKWHEA'I-Quoted at $1 15@1 25 $ ctl.
FLOUK A>'l> MILLSTUFFS.
ILOTJR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras. $o@s 10; Bakers' extras, $4 90(g,5; Super
fine, $4 16@4 50 ? obi.
COKNMEAL, ETC.— Feed " Corn, «17 60@18;
Cracked Corn, 918 50919 # ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices iv sneks are as follows,
usu;.l discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
¥ 100 lbs; Kye Flour, $2 73 '& 100 lbs; Bice Flour,
to 75: Corn meal, $2 36: exuu cream do, $3;
i atmeal, 93 50; Oat. Groats. $4: Hominy. $3 10
@3 30: Buckwheat Flour, $3 2 .T0, 3 50: Cracked
Wheat; $:•> 50; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour.
3: Boiled Oats (bbls), $6 ;'o@s 90; Pearl Barley,
$3 75@4; Split Peas, $3 60; oreen do, $4 25 ~f>
100 lbs.
HAY ANl> FKEOSTUFFS.
Hay is weak, but prices are no lower.
BRAN— BI2 60(513 for the best and $12 %* ton
for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— BIB(^I9 for lower grades and
$20(Ui20 50 %4 ton for the best. Tlißlfr
FtEDSTUFFa — Boiled Barley, $18@18 bO;
Dilcake Meal at the ml.i. $26 60 V ton; jobbing,
$27 60: clipped Oats. $1 4u®l 60 "# < tl.
HA — Wheat, $fc@ll; Wheat and Oat, $7<a
10: Oat. $6@'J: Barley, S7@B 50; Biver Baney.
$5@6 60; Alfalfa, $6@7 &v; compressed, $Q(A
9 60; stock, $5@6: cluver. 96iS8 t* ton.
SMAW- 30(»56c f, bale. •
BEANS AM) >i:KI)S.
Feans, Seeds and Lined' Peas are weak and dull.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 40@l 55 ¥• cti; Small
Wnltes.sl 15(c61 25* ctl; Large Whites, fl@l 15 ft
ctl; Pinks, SI Os@l 20: Reds, * 1 10©l 90: Black
eye, $1 10@l 16; Red Kidney. $2 60: Llinaa, $1 til)
@1 70: Butters, $1 25@1 50; Pea, *1 Js@l 30.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 50@2 75: Yellow
Mustard, SI 754*2 %* ctl; Flax, $1 3 s@l 40 C; nary
6«">d, l»/i &()•-; i/*c V Ib; Alfalfa, O'/ii:; Rape. 2y a @
2%C; Hemp, ac; Tiuiothy, 4VaC
UKlKii PKAS- »I@l 20 ft ctl; Green,
$1 40@l 50 ft ctl. .
POTATOES, tKIONi, VEGETABLES.
Onions are up' bri in. Asparagus Is scarce and
firm. Peas continue dull.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 3@4c fi lb: Sweet
Potatoes, $1 25@1 75 i» ctl; Early Rose, 76c; River
Reds. 60@70c; Burbank Seedlinsrs, 6O@7Jc ft ctl
for Kivers and 7bc^Sl 05 lor talmas; Oregon Bur
banks. 70c@$l.
ONIONS— SI 25@1 60 ctl.
• TABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers. 60c@$l
9 doz; Hothouse Asparagus, 12i/2(g>2sc * lb; Rhu
barb, %i box; Los Angeles bummer Squash,
75c@$l Q box; Los Angeles (jrein Peppers, ..5®
60c: -. ushrooms. 10@20c^ lb; Marrowfat !*quash.
$s@B $ ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes, 75c@$l 26 $
box; .Dried Peppers, 7@Bc V lb; Ureen Peas, 2@ic
"& lb: Los An«el«s String licans. HOfilVc: Dried
Okra, B@9c lb; CabbHge, 40@50c & ctl; Carrots,
25<S>«0c %l sack: Garlic, H/ 2 (£2c ft Q>.
Bt'TTEK, CH.fc.ESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market for lower-grade Dairy
Butter Is demoralized, and Creamery is also weak.
Creamery— Fancy near-by Creameries. ao@
21c; some specials brine more; seconds, 18@19c;
fancy Humboidt, 22i/ 2 @23c 9 Tb.
Dairy- Fancy, -16@16c: good to choice, 13®
14c: lower grades, 10(^1 2c v Si. ■■ ■
PICKLKI>-13@14C $ lb.
• riBXIX— 13g>.4C V lb.
Crkamkkytub— l6®lßc lb. ■
t'hhtsK- Choice mild new, ioy 2 (&llc; common
to good old, 8;o;lt)c * tt>; cream Cheddar, Il@l2c;
Young America, Il@l2c; Western, ll%@l2Vkc:
Kaslern. 13@14y a & - .^
EGC»S— All descriptions are lower and > slow of
sale. Kanch Eggs. 20@22c: store Eggs. 17@19c;
Eastern, ion t*. dozen. . : •
I'OUL.TRY AND O.IMK.
POULTRY -The market Is depressed and dull,
m there is still cousideratle unsold Eastern on
band aud :hree earn more are expected this week.
. Live Turkeys, 12@13c m lb for Gobblers. 12®
13c «4 tb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 13516 c $ n>!
Geese. * pnir, $1 50@; 75: Ducks, $4 6l>(s6 60;
Hens $3 f O'tf-4 50; Roosters, younts. S4 60@5 50:
do, old, $3 50(&4: Fryers, $4@4 50: Broilers, $4
f)4 '26 for large'and $2 50@3 60 for small; Pigeona,
1 75@ls % doz for young and $1 lor old.
ua.u'K — English -nlpe are quotable nt $S fl
doz- Jack Snipe. $1 60 * doien: Hare, 75r@»l ;
Kabbits $1 60 for Cottontails and $irg>l 25 for
small- Gray Geese, $2 50; White Geese, $1; Brant,
$1 s'); Honkers, $4^
DEIIDIOIS AND CITRUS FKUITS.
Eastern Apples are almost unsalable. Good Cali
. fornia' Apples are flna. **■
UECIDt'OUS FRUITS
'Apples, 9O.@«i 1* boxior choice, $1 25@1 40 for
fancy Bed, £O@7sc for common; Easieru, $1 50
@2 50 %* bol. ' • .  •
Pears, 25@60c 9 box.
Persio-mons. 86(&65c^box.
BKBBIKS— v • % " ■
Eastern Cranberries. *6@« ¥ bbl. i : ..i
CITRUS FRUITS— dull, owin;; to the pro
i raced cold weather. - Mandarin' Oranges are
i quotable at 90c@9l * box: .Navel ranges.
; »2@2 60;. Seedlings, *I@l -5 %* box; Lemons.
75c@$i 50 I for. common and $2@2 50 for good to
1 choice; Mexican Limes are out; California Limes,
! 91 50; Bananas, $102* bunch; Pineapples, $2@l
* doz. '
DKIED fKITITS, KAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
\ DRIED FRUrTS—
Lrltd Fruits are steadily held, but dull.
Quotations 011 the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follows: * .
carload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6©9e
for P.oyals and a @l2c for choice to fancy
Meorpsrks: Prunes, 3 l /a 0 for the 4 sizes Peaches,
4@sV c for prime to choice, 6i/i@7c tor fancy and
e(g>!Ou for peeled in boxes; Apples. 5@5y 2 3 for
evaporated and -@2V2 C for sun-dried; Pears,
®5c for prime to choice, 4@SV?c for quarters ana
6@6y 9 c for halves; Plums, 4c for pitted ana ly^c
io unpltted; Nectarines, 3V @4i/jc for choice and
6y 2 c for fancy; Wjiite Figs, 3c; Black Figs,
(a2%c .V• -• - ' ' i
" Jobbing • Prices— Peaches, 4V 2 @3y a c V ' Ib:
fancy, 6i/oo7y c * lb; peeled. l* l ■$ Ib. Apri
cots, 6Vii©- ye V* Ib: !aciC3-, 10c; Moorparkß. I'i@
13c; evaporated Apples, 6%C; sun-dried, 2%@3«;
Prunes, 3%@4c for the 4 sises; Figs, black, 3o for
impressed ana «@3y 2 c for pressed: white Figs, 4c: ■
Plums. 4V'(ft sc lor pitted and l%c for unpitted:.
Nee: urine's, 4(ft6c « Ib for prime to fancy: Pears/.
2y 2 @sc for whole, 4V2@SVaC for quarters and
4i/5<d,6y 2 c for haiires. ■ ... - ... ,
KAlfclNS— iv -vSpi-
Carload pbicbs — Four- crown, loose,. ss/ c;
three-crown, 4" 8 IS Ib; two-crown, 33/ B e"*4' 1&: i
seedless Sultanas,' 6^VaC; "seeilless Muscatel*. 43/ 8 c;
three-crown London layers, 91 15: clusters, $1 50;
Dehaia clusters, 92 60; lmptrlal clusters, 93;
dried Grapes. 3c p.lb.' ' • ' : .-..•
Jobbing Prices— >an Franctbco— Four-crown,
loose. 6%c: ■ 3 crown, 4%c: 2-crown, 33,^ct seed
less .Stiiliiiias, 6%.c; . Signless Muscatels, 4Vic;'
3-cr.own Lonuon layers, $1 25; clusters, $1 60;
Deht-s* clusters, «2 75: imperial clusters, $3 26.
NU'I B— Chestnuts quotable at 8«$10r: Walnuts,
6Vaffl>7c i* lt> it r standard and 9(a,9y c f» Ib for
so:tshell; Almonds, 6@6%C"for Lauxuedoc, 3®
3 Vic for hardshell and Sgi»c V Ib for paper shell;
IVanuta. 4f*6c til Ib lor i- astern ann 4c for Cali
fornia; HicKory Nuts, s(cy-c r Ib; Pecans. 7y t
fcc^ilb; Gilberts, 7 3 @8c; Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 @Be:
Cocoanut's, *4(<is |> 100.
HONEY— Comb. 10@12%c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades: water white extracted, 6'<£sy 3 c;
light "amter extracted 4y 2 @4 ! 54c; dark amour,
4@4y c: dark. 2^3c %4 Ib.
BEESWAX— ft Ib.
PROVISIONS.
("DBED MEATS— Bacon. 6c f. Ib for heavy, 7c
9fb for light medium, 9y 2 o for light, 10c Blb for
extra light and liy 2 c f* Ib for sugar-curad. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12@12i/2C: California
Hams, 10(ail0Vic; Mess J Beei, J s7@7 80: extra
mess do. $B*g.B 50: family do, 49 oO®10; extra
prime Pork. *7 60 fit 8;- extra clear, $16 * bbl;
mess. $14 * bbl: Miioked Beer. 10c If) tb.
LARD— Eastern. Uerce<, Is quoted at oy 3 c for
compound and 6@6V&c for pure; palls, 7c: I'Hlii
fornia tierces, »(g;;;V2 ! ' 4* Ib for compound and 6Vic
for pure: half-bols, 4 o; 10- tins, 7*,4 c: do, 6-lb,
--7'/ 2 c %« Ib. ..  '*-*'•-•
- cot roLENE-6@eyioia tierces and7%@By 8 c
in 101b tins.. . ■ .-,. .-...■ ■;- :.
HIKES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
Ib under sound stock. Heavy salted steers 8c;
medium. 7c f* tt>; lisht,.»}c $ tt>; Cowhides, 6c:
salted Kip. 60 * lb: / salted Calf, 7@Bc: salted
Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. .12@130 'till: culls and
brands, 9@loc: dry Kip and Veal,9ffiioc: dry Calf,
15c: culls. 10c; Goatskins, 2.u@35c <-ach: Kids,
sc; Deerskins, good summer, J.'>c %* 1b: medium,
20c; winter, 10c; Srheeunklns, shearlings, 10@20o
each; short wool. 25^850 each; medium. 30@i5c
each; lone wools. 40@60e each.
■1 ALLOW— No. 1, rruden.-d, 3@3y*c; No 2, 2y 2 c;
refined, sc: Grease, 2c ji Ib. -
WOOL— We quote Fall Wool: Free northern, 7@
Byac; middle counties, free, sy2@7c; do. defective,
4V*,@bc: San Joaquin. 3Cds.c; uo, foothill, &(&7c:
kastern Oregon, 71 3 @9c; do, fall and lambs', 10®
lie t* lt»
HOPS— 6'aßc for lair to choice and 9@loc t? lb
for fancy. - J,-, ■\--.y.*- '. ■■•
GEM^RAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Ba?s, spot, 4»4c: June-
July delivery, 4-7- c; San Quentln, $4 65; Wool
Bass, 24Vj@26^c
COAL- Wellington, 9S ? ton: Sew Wellington,
}h V- ton: r irouihfield Wellington', 97 60 > ton:
Seattle, ,95 50: Bryant, 98 60: Coos Bay. $4 75;
Wallsend,96 60; scotch. — : Brymbo, ; Cum
berland. $13 60 in bulk and 916 Iv sacks: Penn
sylvania,' Anthracite Egg, Sllfill2 V ton; Welsh
AnthracltP. $8@10; Cannel, $8 "rt ton; Bock
Springs, Castle uate and Pleasant Valley, 97 60;
Coke. 911^)12 In bulk and *■]?! %« ton In sks.
CANNED S«VLMOJS T -The Alaska Packers' As
sociation quotes Red Salmon as follows: In lots
of 25,000' cases. 95c %i dozen; 60.000 cases, 92V Q c
'& dozen : 75,1100 cases, i) I JC ft dozen, nut casu i. o.
b. ex-ship.
SL'UaU- The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 53 oc:
Powdered, 6c; Fine Crushed, sVic; Dry Uranu
lated, 43sc: Confectioners' A, /a o: Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 3T' 8 c; Golden C, 3%c; half barrels
14c more than barrels, and boxe-> x /z? more. •,
SAN' FRANCISCO SIKAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEKF— First quality, 6Vic; choice, 7c: second,
Static: third do. Ma,'n- V It..
VKAL— Large, b@7c; small, 7®Bc ip lb.
JIUT ION -Wethers, 6y a @7c; Ewes, 6@e%c
$ lb.
LAMB— Spring, 12y a @15c; yearlings, 7@Bc 1*
lb.
PORK— Live noss, Hi/4.@33/gC fi lb for lan;e and
medium and 3V±(&33/ 8 lor small; dressed do, 41/2
<g.sV4fi %* ik • ' ' '
KECEIPTs OF PRODUCE.
; : . f W;,- fob 24 hours.
Flour, qrsks.... "12,620 Kkss, do». ...„ 8.210
Wheat, cm. .. 136, Hides, n0........ lih2
Parley, e115...... V.lilu l'elu. bdls ■ . 120
Potatoes, sits.... 4,003 Wine. ...^. 25 800
Onions. »«....„ 276 Sugar. bb15....«. 1-877
Bran. »ks 1.670 Leather, rolls 18
Middlings, mv.. 330 Lime, bbls 120
Hay. tous _ • 3 6 Tallow, ctls. .... 122
Butler. ctls...._ 239; Quicksilver, fli'fi 48
Cheese, cus ■ .17 Unislns, i/oiei .. 3-5
HE WOULD NOT DENY IT.
Startling Charge, in Which a Judge
: Admits a Great Deal. .
A Federal Judee lately charged a jury
in a liquor case as follows, says Lease and
Comment: "In later years there seems
to have been a disposition to deny or ig
nore' judicial knowledge as to what con
stitutes intoxicating liquors and the
courts have manifested a desire to dis
avow any judicial knowledge on this sub
ject. At the same time some of the courts
have not hesitated to impute to juries an
extensive knowledge ■; and information in
this regard. ; This court, however, will
follow the precedent established by the
decision of Chancellor Wai worth upon
this subject, and will assume judi
cial knowledge concerning intoxicating
liquors. * *' *;In a trial in the State of
Wisconsin, where the question arose in
1883, the trial. Judge declared that a man
must be almost a driveling idiot who did
not know what.' beer was, and that it was
not necessary to prove it to be an intoxi
cating liquor.
"Later the Supreme Court of that State,
in passing on the charge of the trial, the
Judge declared ttiat his rulings in the case
upon this question were not only clearly
correct, but if his peculiar manner gave
them force and emphasis it was not only
proper but commendable. This court,
therefore, will neither otultify itself nor
impeach its own veracity by telling you
that it, has not Judicial knowledge that
the liquor commonly known as 'whisky 1
is an intoxicating liquor, or that the drink
commonly called a 'whisky cocktail,' is
an intoxicating drink."
The members "of Boston's Ancient and
Honorable Artillery Company are doing
their utmost to have the famous old
FaneuiJ Hall made fireproof. There are
many .valuable . historic relics- In the
building which could not be replaced in
case of lire. ." . - •
. : " - . . — ... » — — « — .
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January, 1897.
Tu.
W.
|Th,j
jSa.i
La.
2
fga_ New Moon.
;<•_/ Jan. 2.
5
8
rfl Firs: Q
"4_y Jan.
10
! 11
12
15
£2. Full Moon.
Vi/.- Jan. 18.
20
22
(7*\ Last Quarter.
|VS_/;:. Jan. 25.
903
OttAN STKA-U.fc.KS.
l!iitc§ of Departure From San Franelnco.
Queen '. I
Umatilla....
Corona.
Orizaba......
1 Hanoi. j
Del Norte..
AHlanchard
Australia... ]
Areata
Coos 8ay.. . .
Barracouta: ;
Empire j
Czarina.....
State or Cal. i
Mexico
Colon
Sunol '
City Puebia
Farallon
Knreka
Colombia... >
I -an Diego.. ... I
I Vie & Pgt Snd !
' Kumooldtßa-, ;
! Mexico
Coos Bay..'.:.
Grays Harbor. ;
I Oregon porta.. i
j Honolulu-....
I coos Bay !
Newport: .-..-. i
Sa i Jose de G.
Coos Bay I
Coos 8av..... .
i Portland
san Dlerro. .... I
Panama '
Grays Harbor.
; V tc ifc Pgt Slid
. ami: i Bay.
Newport ......
Portland
Jan 24. Ham Pier . 1
Jan 24. 9am Pler9
Jan 24. v.-m Pier •
Jan 25,10A*rPierll
Jan 25. 3pm ! pier 13
Jan 26, 3pm r....
Jan 26. spu I
Jan 26. 2p_< Pier 7
Jan 26.12 M Pier 1 J
Jan 26. !ak Pier 11
Jan 26,12 M PMB 8
Jan 27.10 am Pier 13
lan 27, 6p. Pier 8
Jan 28.10 am. Pier 24
i.l mi .'8 11a»i P;- i i
Jan 28.12 m!p M S S
Jan '.8.12 ii Pier 2
Jan 29. 9am Pier i
Jan 30. 9a u Pier 2
Jan 30. 9 AH! Plsr 11
Feb I. loam f'-r jj4
hTKAMKKS TO AltltlVK.
STKAH-CB I
KROM
Aiiceßlancnard
coos Bay
Crescent City. . .
Willamette
Del None
City Puebla....
Slate or Cat
Fmplre
S.UIIOL.
Truckee ........
Costa Rica. .....
Alliance
Areata..: '..
Czarina
Mexico
Cleone..
.North For*
ban Juan
Washtenaw ....
Corona
San Mateo
Kureka. ......
, iarallou
Columbia..
'Queen. ..........
, Walla Walla. ..
San Jose
I Crescent City ......_...:
| 5eatt1e..:..:.............
li^ravs Harbor...
I Victoria & Puget Sound
i Portland.
Coos Bay
Grays Harbor.....
Tillamook Bay.. .......
Com ox
Coos Kay :..:.
coos 8ay..,:........'. ....
Coos Bay
-an Dieg0............:...
] Crescent city :.....
j Humboldt 8ay...,
Panama........'..."'.
Tac0ma. ..... '.'..... ......
I Humboldt Bay.
'Com or ......'.....'.
1 Newport. ...... .■.._..._..•
I Vaqulna tar ....
j Portland '.
I San Dieg0.. ....... r
I Victoria A Pu_.etbk.unJ
I Panama '.•■
Portland
..Jan 24
..Jan 24
..Jan 24
..Jan 24
..Jan 24
..Jan 26
Jan 25
..Jan 26
..Jan 25
..Jan 25
..Jan 25
..Jan 25
..lan 25
..Jan 26
..Jan 26
..Jan 27
..Jan 27
..Jail 27
..Jan 27
..Jan i.7
..Jan 27
..Jan 28
..Jan .28
.Jan 30
..Jan .SO
..Jan SO'
..Jan 31
StX, 11UUN AKu xluku.
United ?tatks Coast and Geodetic subvky
' "Timks and Heights of High and low
Waters .at Fo*t Point. Kntranck to
i-: i^an Francisco Bay. Publiskkd by Offi
-l cial Authority of the Kupkrintendkjjt
*• Note— The high and low waters occur at the.
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
llvominii ej later than at Fort' Point; the height
of tin is tht> same a: both places. •■ . -r'v.r .
. < January— lß97.. ~^
bundar. Jamjars -4. • »■
rim** 7.211 Moon r15««...,,; ax
bun set * 5 '.5 .Moon 8Pt*.....^. ... _
>: _____ 'Feet _______ Fe-t !____ Feet _£___I_| Feet
S ! H ■■■■ 1 I, Mi " H ■ I, W|
25
26
27
i 4.05
4.55
; 5.49
I L W
; OHO
I 1.8?
j.u 9760
*8.2 11.00.
5.3 12.14
6.4 1.25
IB W
: J .0 6.48
3.0 7.48
1 l.»| 4.00
0.8 1 ".6. 85
O.V 7.01
-0 2 8.82
' L 44
6 5 2.27 !
5.5 321
I ».d| 935
8.3 10 22
3.1 11.24
! 3.5
H W
-0 9.47
-0.9 10.46
1-1 0 11.25
2.3
30
28
'.9
3.8
4.0
Notk— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence *i to time. The second tim«
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column tha third tide, mid the last or right
hand colomn gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bat three tides, as sometime!
sccurs. The heights given are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coant Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th«
height, and then the number given la subtractivi
from the depth given by the chans.
tiOTICU TO 3IAKIKKBS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographte
Office located' ln the Merchant Exchange is
maintained in San' Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense. ■ -
Navigators are. cordially invited to visit the
office, where, complete sets ot charts and sailing
direct of the world are kept on nani tor com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocean
commerce:
The tlm» hall on top of. the building on Tele
graph Hill 1* hoisted about ten minutes befo c
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day trorn the
United States Naval Observatory a: Mare Island.
Cat. ... ■-.-,-.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on lime, or giving the error. If any. is
pubusheJ tha same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following <iav.
■ W. S. Hughes.
Lieutenant. V. $>. £«.. In charge.
' " ■ Th« Time Ball.
CIAKCn JiynßfMsßAPHio OFFTOF.. v. * M.. >
"••.'- :- Merchants' CICHAXnt V
> . Fan Fbancwco. January 23, 1897. )
Th» time baa on Teiegraoa liin was aropnal
exactly at noon to-day— i. c.. aL noon of the I'iUta
lueridlau. or exactly n: » c. v.. Greenwich lima.
W. S. lIUGHII3.
I n>nt* > ni«nt I". S. N.. in c-n»r:«.
bllU-lX.il> lAi'iLUui
Arrive I.
. SATURDAY, January- 23.
Stmr Corona. Doran, ' 1 9 hours from Eureka:
pass ana mdse, to Goodail. Perkins & Co.
JJr stmr. Gaelic, Finch. 25 days from Hongkong;
via Yokohama IS days loyj houri; pass aDa
incise, to O <fc O H 8 Co.
Stmr City or Everett, Laverge. 31/2 days from
Naimimo: 3555S tons coal, to Jonn Kojenfulit'.s
Sons.
Br Dark Mortal ta, Lin dsav, 7X days from New
castle, JS'SW ; IbOB tons coal, to Welch & Co
>-ie»r« 'I
SATURDAY. Jan nary 23.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ward, Yokohama
and Hongkong; PMSH Co.
stmrUmatilla, Hun er, Victoria and Port Town
send ; Goodall, Perkins A Co. •
-imr tin en, Alexander, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins Co.
Mtnr Tlllamootc, Hanson, Portland; North
Pacific S Co.
fir ship Hulca. Mclntojh, Manila; Robert Me-
Intosh. i
ft bark Pierre Corneille, Leloquet; Queens
town.
Full**.
SATURDAY. January 2.V .
Btmr Colombia. Con way, Astoria. " ■ ;• ».. j
btmrGeo .Loom ls. Bridgett. Ventura.
Hmrtflpiv. 1 ."land. Santa "ra'-
Stmr City of Rio de- Janeiro, Ward, Hongkong
and Yokohama.
s;mr Point Arena. Johnson, MendoclQ9.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen
stmr TUlamook, Hansen Portland.
[;■*■:: Gardiner illy. .M»Mcri, barita Rosalia.
ischr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing,
Iclfgraphic.
POTST LORDS. Jan. 23.— 'p. *.— Weather
thlcU; wind E; velocity 6 uillai. -$B§ffSs
Charters
The Br baric Alexandra loads lumber on the
Sound for t.eraldton; Nor bar* Mag>la, lumber at
Port Biakeley for Europe; Or ship Britannia,
nitrate on the West roast for>Cork: ship Jonn C
Potter, coal at Departure Bay for this port.
Spokun.
No date— About 180 miles west of Fastnet Br
■bID Celtlcburn, hence Auk 1:7, for Liverpool.
Nov \6— Lai 30 8. long 117 \V, Br bark Assel,
from Soyo, for Queenstown.
' . \ I)ome»tlo Pom,
' NAVARRO— Arrived Jan 28— Stmr Whltesboro
hence Jan 22.
VENTURA— Sailed Jan 23— Stmrs Lakme and
Navarro, for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Jan 23— Schr SDan
ie sen. hence Jan -0.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Faralion,
hence Jao 21; stmr Czarina, hence J»n 20.
i etal.el Jan 23— Stairs Arcata and Alliance, for
San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 23-Shlp Klwell, from
Nanalmo. lor San Francisco; stmr Jeanle, from
Juncau, for Departure Bay. ■ ■
EUREKA — Arrived Jan 23— Schr Fortnnn, hno
Jan 19: schr Serena Thayer, from San Pedro;
»chr Lizzie Vance, from Newcastle, NSW.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 23 — «.ir imnia Utter,
hence Jan 13: gtmr Signal, from Seattle; schr
Laura May. hence Jan 11.
hailed Jan 23— ••nmr Alice Blancbard,' for San
Francisco; Hr ship Hutton Hall; Br bark Dacca.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 23— Snip Dashing Wave,
for Sau Francisco.
EUREKA- bailed Jan 23-Schr Lottie Carson,
for Newport.
HUENEME-Salied Jan Stmr LaUme, for
San Francisco. • . ■
CLKONE— Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Greenwood, for
San Kr»n Cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 23-Schr Alice, - for
Eureka. Ugfft&g9awESl9!
COOS  BAY— Arrived lao 23— Stmr Alice
Ulan chard, from Portland; schr Gotama, hence
Jan 17.
Sailed Jan 23— Bktn Omoza, for Freemantle. '
SEATTLK— Arnvud Jail 23— Bark Ru.us Wood,
hence Jan 14. m i nirrmn -jt/gmmf n i i
■ GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 23-scUr Maid
of Orleans, hence Jan 17; schr Neptune, hence
Jan 16. ir-.j .  , ■ ■ : c> ..- •
Hailed Jan 28— Schr uen Bann'ng. for Redondo.
I BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Jan 28— tmr Pro
tec lon, lor San Pedro. . " ■
CASPAR— SaiIeJ Jan 23-Stmr Jewel, for San
Francisco. ■ : . • :■•
USAL— saiiel Jan 28— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco. ?: '- '■
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 23— Scbr Pros
per, from Port Biaceley. • -
TATOOSH— Passed' Jan 28— Ship Two Brothers,
hence Jan .10. for Port Townsend. : . ;. ' - . \- •
ASTORIA-Saiiea Jan 23 — (mr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco; stmr Truckee, for San
Francisco. ■■ ■ . »
bAN DIEGO— Sailed Jan 23-Brshlp Allerton.
, Foreign Pnrt%. . • j
CALCUTTA— SaiIed Jan 22— Br ship Fin?al, for
San 1 rancisco. ■ i
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Jan ]P-Brstnr Pelicon,
for Tftcomn.* • ■ ■■ ■
ADELAIDE— Arrived Jan SO— Br ship jfirrol,
from M ioJy ville. s . . : ■■• .  •.•-r.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 22— Br ship John
v. coke, hence Kept 25. '■'» '
PANAMA — Arrived Jan 9— Haw strar Aztec,
- from San Jose de Guatemala. - Jan 11— Simr City
of Panama, frcm Champerlco. ' . ....
■ Sailed Jan o— Stmr Ban Jose, for San Francisco.
Jan SO— Stmr City of Para, for San Francisco. ■ -
ACAFTJLCO-Arnvel Jan 22— Br ship Erin's
Isle, from Newcastle, NSW.
. CORONER— Arrived Dec B— Br stmr Flintshire,
hence Nov 14, for London. . •* " c-- v-. '
HONGKONG— SaiIed Jan 20— Br simr Empress
of China, for Vancouver. .
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Jan 28— Stmr Alameda,for
San Francisco.
Importation*.
.. CHINA AND JAPAN-Per Cja?llc-80S8 pkps
rndse. 37,019 bass rice, 159:-! pki»s- tea, 335 oil,
162 pkgscuriov 750 hales hemp- 10'J D.i'sjue,
150bal~s gambler, 100 bags coffee, 7 parcels 8
pkgs silk good-. 2098 rolls matting, 89 cs geese.
Over an i-306 Dkgs mdse 349 ches:s lea, 121
pkgs raw slisc. I. 7 plena curios, 23 parcels 60 pkgs
raw silk, lbb'i ro l«i malting.'. , ;" ■■ . . -■
' Central and Smith America— 031 pkgs mdse, 620
bans rice, 6 pKss carlo ). 59 pUgs silk goods.
■ EUKKKA-Pert orona— bxs lUh. 8 exs-plate.
34 bxs butter, 1 pug miise, 1 b I'yble. -6 cs eggs. 3
bxs apples, 1 pkg packing, 100 Manages. 1 a'<
potatoes, 1 (?u.i. l.Ci penper. 1 hWk rin<s, 1 cs
stationery. 1 bx druzs, 1 lot household furniiuie, i
cs champagne, 1 2 pkgs express lsk 11111
Kit iE X R-Vs ke? 28 hf-»xs 27 bxs fish, 2
bbls 5 hf-bbls salmon. 68 tegs 66 bxs tuner, iOO
cs condensed milk, 2 sks nuts. 1 bx frogs. Ibx
tries, 95 bxs apples, 10 cider.
Consignee*.
Per Gaelic— M J Brandensteln & Co: London and
San KritncNci Ban«: L erer-s: Meyer &Co: M L
Levy; W<& J Sloane <t Co : II H Berber: .London,
Pam and American Bank: >ouibern Pacific Co:
Matondray <fc Co: A C Hooinson: L i lon & son; C
J Curnpbu.i; Wetmore Bro»: Wells, Fargo & Co; J
H isoden; Farro.t it CO: Tillm:tnn v Btndel; Louis
Loupe; Williams, DimonU Co; order: va.iouj
Chines* na>rcuants. ■
Per Corona- American Union Fish Co: A Fay;
Amer rress Assn; Briehaffl. Hopne & Co; Denul
son & Miisoit: Dairymen's Union: Nelson; C
IS parch: A F.i> : Dodge, fiweener & Co; Hibernla
Brewery: A Ciockcr <fc Bro: GW Johnson; But
ter.ct Pub Co; standard Oil Co: U Canilllonl & Co;
Enterprise Brewery: Levi, Strauss & Co; ilevere
Kubber Co; J R Hanify & to; UK \Vnitne7 tO);
Wellman. Peokdi.Co; J A Folgec: .Wolf, Wr.'den
& Co: H D Presier; J B Jnjcuslla: E M H»CKiuati:
Milan! &Co; BCa to: J 11 Kevins: F B Haight;
Nlarantino: J HiNewbauer & Co; Getißros«fc Co ;
Hllmer. BredhoiT & schuls; .Norton, Teller Co:
» Trapini; Ross* Hewlett: Hills Bro v 0 Mason:
X vi« Bros; OB Smith <t Co; Tillmann* Bendel;
McDonough& Kunyon; Wheaton, b.r«ou it Co. JJ
de Haven: H HHo:»u:' Russ, arlv & Harville;
M Ka'.ish & Co; \V F Mltche.l ; Witzel «fc Baiter;
11 Dutaru. .  ". v .,.
Far Late Shipping. Intelligence See fburtrentfi Ppge.
;•';'- KEW ; TO-OAT. '
JUDICIOUS INVESTMENTS
in STOCKS, BONDS or GRAIN are
1000 PER CENT.
more profitable than in other channels.
OUR SYNDICATB PLAN OF SPECULATON
affords large and small investors the dual advan-
tages of safety and most satisfactory return* on
sums ot $25 to $1000. Piosi>ectus and Market
Letter mailed free.
SETTLEMENTS SEMI - MONTHLY.
DeWOLF & CO., Bankers & Brokers,
Bank References. 50 Broadway, N. V. City.
-■ ' ~~
GERMAN SAVINGS & LOAN SOCIETY,
526 California St., 8. F.
Capital actually paid up In cash.].. ?1',000.000 00
Deposits DecemDer 31, 1895 80,727,586 &9
Reserve fund 718.0UU00
Ouaranteed capital 1,200,000 00
OFFlCERS— President, B. A. Becker: First
President, Edward Kruse: Second V ice-
Presldent, Daniel Meyer: cashier, A. H. R.
Scnmidt: .Assistant Cashier, 'William Herrmann;
Secretary, Qeorgo Tourney; Assistant Secretary,
A. H. Muller.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS-B. A. Becker, Ed-
ward Kruse. Daniel .Meyer, H. Horstmann, lgn.
Steinhart, Nic. Van Bergen, £mll Rohte, H. B.
Kins, D. N. Walter. j
Attorney, W. i«. Goodfellow.
PARTICULARS FREE ON APPLICATION.
. SAIL KELLER & CO.,
BANKERS AND BROKERS,
44 Broadway and 45-47 New Street. New York.
Agencies in All Large Cities of the United States.
. "Nearly seventy cent profit on our "Holiday
nation," covering only twenty-seven days'
transactions: OVER EIGHT P2K CENT weekly
on the investment for the past MIX Y.KARS. NO
LOSSES EVER RECORDED. The safest and
most profitable system of investment known.
OCEAN TRAVEL. '
PACIFIC COAST_STEAMSHI? CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY ./fcSSL
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: •*SJHr 3 T
For Mary Island, l.orinc. Wrangel. Jnneau. Kil
llsiuio and Sitlca (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 9. 24.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
genf!, Seattle,' Tacoma, Everett, A nacortes and
New Wi atcom (Belliusham Bay, Wash.). 9a. m
Jan. 4,9, 14, 19, 24,29. aud every tifih day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. It.
EL, tit Tacoma with N. P. R. I!., at Seattle with U.
N. l'.y.-, at Port Townsend with Alaska steamer*.
For TCureka, Arena »nd Fields" Landing (Hum.
boldtßav), str. Pomona 2 p. m., Jan. 4. 8,12, IC,
£0. 24. 28. and every fourth day thereafter.
■ For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayuco^,
Port Harford (San i 1113 Obispo), (iaviota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueucme, ban Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Aneeles) and Newport, at 9 a., m.
Jan. 2, 0, 10, 14, 18. 22, 26, 30, and every fourta
day thereafter. ;
For San Diego, stopping' only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), i^anta Barbara, Port Los An-
geles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. 11. Jan. 4, 8, 12, 18, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter. -
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazallan, Ls
- Pax and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a, m. 26th of each month.
'lhe Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. "Twrnrti
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN ID
From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. if.
FA T?TT /•IS Firnt-class 1 Including
I? JLYTJ i «»} Second-class /berth <fe meals
r.i SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Colombia Jan. 3, Feb. 2, 12, 22
State of California ...Jan. 28, Feb. 7, 17,27
Through ' tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and 1 olden upon applica-
tion to ::-..: ,
F. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent.
6SO Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Superintendent*
COMPAG GENERAL SATIASTIPS
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEW), 42 NORTH >(V*m_
Kj River, foot of Morton st. Traveler* by <Sii4P?
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. iNew Yoric to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first class $160, second class $116.
LA GASCON Jan. 30. 9a.ii.
LABKETAGNE Feb. 0, 6 a.m.
LA NOP.MAN'DIE Feb. 13, 9a. if.
LA BOURGOGNE .' .Feb. 20. 5 a. M.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27, 8:30 a. U.
. JB3" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGKT, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FCGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
Hffillllfcti fflff" nWMfH ■*■ H : AUSTRALIA for
i^T^HiiliiillC HON O L ULU only,
HT Jw «t fi * Tuesday, Jennar.- 2G.
H 'CJH'-ICT ** ' z p - **• Special party
PHMHMIit S. S. AUSTRALIA for
JBIMnIL H° N OLU L U only,
rt*""""" Tuesday, Jenuar, 26.
y %t 2p. v. Special party
(j,X L' \ rates.
C>lCailiJlHU 1 -' Fa us via HONOLULU
/Qfrißan/.L. »m Auckland for
£>3Tr AyilipOlM^ SYDNEY, Thursday.
February 4, at 2 p. v ■
LIuetoCOOLGABDIE, AMt.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa. .
J. D. BPRKCKELS & BROS. CO.. Acents.
114 Montgomery street.*
Freight Office, 327 Market st. San Francisco. .
WHITE STAR USE.
United States and Royal : Hall Steamer)
■-'■•;".•;,. ' BKTWEKH . -
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAII-lNli KVEttt \vJiKK:
CABIN, $'oO AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jtg»
\J lne to steamer and accommodations *&&$%/
selected: second cabin, sl2 50 and si / 60; Majes ;
and Teutonic. Steerags Tickets from England, lie-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■ailing -dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of the company, 613 Market street
under Ur»od Hotel. . (J. W. FLETCHER. i
■ General Agent tor Pacific Coaau
. . STOCKTON STEAMERS ..
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At « I*. M., Daily. .Freight received -up
to >:.iJ f.itl.
. . tS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. .
he only line selling through tickets and giving
through' freight rates to all ' poln:s oa Valley
Railroad. - . ■ , '
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, j J. D. Peter*.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main SOS. C'ai. Nay. aad imp.. Co
FOR YALLEJO AID U. 8. JfAVYYAED.
STKAMEB "MOXTICELLO,"
Dally ex. Saturday & Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4p nt
Saiurda-.B ............ '10:30 a. m., ip. jc
Sundays... .....".......... .^...S p. it,
Landing Mlaslon-stree; Dock, Pier 2.
- . Telephone Black 2SI.
■ •Trip irlves H hours sson af Navy- Yard. ->
FOR SAX JOSE, LOS GATOS & SAJTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIKR 1 MOV
O day. Wednesday, Friday, at 10 a. m. Alviso
■i uesday. Thursday. Saturday, at 3 p. v ■ Freight
and Passenger. , Fare between Francisco and
Alviso, Me: to San Jose, 75a Clay v. Bute l.
«» W. bauta CUra siaa Jos& • ! - ' l
RAItROAP TRAVEL: _
XCI 11IIXA PACIFIC t'OJIPAKT.
.I .:■'. fji (PACIFK! JSV.^IKII.i _
Train* lent «■ :»»<! »•'«* ••••«• ' " nrrl»e Ml .
MAN IIIASCUItO.. . .
Ll:A^ b — Fro« January 1. 1897. — ariuvi
*6.-O»a NiU-s, San .1..-,.- and Way .Stations... 8: i-"5 A
":OOa AUautic Express, Og<lc:i and Hast.. »:-i.>r
: TiOOAßanida. VacaviUe, Rumsey. .Sacra-
>v •: - i mento. Ororille and Redding Tia ■
' ■■•' -mTis.r.:.. 6:45p
7:30 a Martinez, San Itdmon.Vallejo, Napa,
CalUtoga and Santa R05a......... 6:I3»
»::»Oa Niles, Kirn .lose. Stockton, lone, >
Sacramento, Maiysville, Chico,
TchamaandltedlJluir.. -«iI»P
. •8:30a Peters and Milton "7:iap
»:O»a Naw Orleans Kxprea, Raymond (for
Yosomitc), J'resno, liakerslipld.' . '/-
Santa Barbara, los Angeles, Dem- •
ing, El Paso,' New. Orleans and
East... ...:.:..... 4:43*
0:OOa Martinez and Stockton 4:4."»P
!>:OOa Vallejo 6:15p
NiluK, San Jose, Liverraore and
Stockton 7:15p
*l:OOr Sacramsnto Hirer Steamers »!»:<)»p
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and l.ivcrmora..... . H:4Sa
tltSOp Port Costa and Way Stations <7:4ttp
4:«()i- Martinez, San lUiuon. Vullcjo,
>..^ . Napa, Calistoga, Xl V'orano aud , •
. S;»ii ta Kosa »tI»A
Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland
*-*:<'■■ Knights landing. MarysTille, Oro- :
tIIIu and Stu-i-iiiiiento 11:13 a
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going Tia Niles, .
returning Tia Martinez 11:»5A
5:00 - Angeles Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los . ' >■,
Angeles ; 10:45 a
SiOOp Santa Fd IConte, Atlantic Kxpress .
- for Moja?<* and East. 10:45 a
C:OOi> European Mail, Ogileu and Kast.... !>: 1.1 a
6:00 - HaywardM. Nllesmirt Man.Tose • Ti4.%\
J7:OO|- Vjll -l7fiO>»
7sO»p o#e3<m Sacramento, Marys*
: ' Tilie, rvc<l>Uiiß. Portland, rugct
Sniiiiiland Knst 11:1»A
1fI0:00p." Sunset limited." Fresno, Los
' Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans " : ;'
and East jlB:4Sp
SAXTA CKISZ »>IVI>IO.N (Narrow <iautff>.
M:inA Nowurk,<.'t > Mter»ill«:,S:ui.losi > I l''eltoti,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations........ 3i3O*
•2:15p Newark. Centcrrille, San Jose, New .
Alnisdi-n, Kelton, Boulder Creek;
Santa Cruz aifll Principal Way ■
Stations , 11 :20a
4:15 - Newark, Hiui .lose and l.os (,'atos ... «:30a
tllriSi" lluiiters' Excursion, San Jose and
, Way Stations t7:2op
COAST IH VISION (Ililrd A lowiisciiil Sis.)
0:45 a Han .lu.se ami Way .Stations (New *
Almadcu Wednesdays 0n1y) ....... l:30r
■:13a Nun Josu. Tres I'iiios, Huiiia Cruz. ; . -,'
Pacltic Ovore, Paso Itobles, -San
Luis Oliispo, Ouadalupe, Surf and >•-■■'■'. ,
•. '■'■'., ■>'• >• Prinoliial Way Stations 7soop
IO:40.v .San Jose mid Wiiy .Stations s:<>op
11:30 a Palo Alto ami Wayßtaticr.is. :..... BtaO>»
*2:30p San Mateo, Menlo Park, .Sun .lose,
Gilroy, ftps FIDOS, .Si:nta Cm:,
■ • *' Balinaß,Monteiey and PacificGrOve •IO:4ft».
•:»::top San Jo3t> and Way I Stations 9:4."i*
•4:30i-SaD Jose and Wny Stations •B:O.V<
S:SOp Sa> .si.su audPriucipal Way Stations *8:-I.1a
«::M)p San Jos" and Way Stations «:^s.v
Illt4Br San Joso iwi«l Way Stations t7«4Bp
" SAX LKAMiKO A>U HAYffAKD.S LOCAL.
t*G:«6T". ( Ttfßa
S:OOa I" ■ ■ : - - t9:4.iA
loJSSa I Kelro«e, Seminary Park, 1?:^
"VZv Fltrt.bnr», S«n LeanUro . >***
4:00p 5:45p
5:00p HajlTarug . «:.gP
8:S0p MajTrarus. 7;45p
7>MOp t»:4-"»i
9*oop i Runs through to Nile*. ■ 10:30 c
ttll:lsyJ. { FromNilcs. tt!2:oUp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
■ From SIS FRiNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)-. •»-.
•7:16 - 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:flO *2:00 }3:00
•4:00 15:00 •6:03r.»i. - .
From OAKLAND— Foot of Broadway. — *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.M. »2:00 »1:00 t2:00 *3:00 JiiOO
*3K3op.m.' '
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
/ I Sundays only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
UTuerdays and Saturdays. g Sundays and Thursdays.
SMFRMCISCO&KOPJnPi.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK r>AYS-7:SO, 9:00, 11:00 A.M.: 13:3\
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Kxtra trip
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. it
SUNDAYS- 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. 1C; 1:30, 3:34
6:00,6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to inn Francisco. ■
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 A. k.'
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays— Kxtra trlai
at 1:55 P. U. and 6:35 p. v.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. M.; 1:40, 3:4*
6:00, 6:25 P. K.
Between San Francisco and Scnuetzen Paris same
schedule as above.
■ Leave Tnpm»cr Arrive':
Ban Francisco. oc£ U. San Francl s«>.
Week I Son- u^h^t'lon Son- | Wkkk"
Pays. I payb. destination. VAY^ | Day^
7:30 am 8:00 am Xovato, 10:40 am 8:40 ajc
8:80 pu 1 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 PM j 10:25 a*
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 en
Fulton,
7 .30 ax Windsor, 10:25 ***
Healdsburg, >**';■"'" '.
1 ytton, ■.
Geyservllle,
3:30 PM 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:"5 pm 6:23 pk
~ Pieta. ~ '• - - •
, • ■ Hopland & • — :^« .- , .
7:30 AM 8:00 am Lkiah. 7:35 pm 6:23 p*
7:30 am 1 I 10:25 a*
8 :00 am i Gnernevllle. 7 :35 fm
8:30 PM ■■■■■■ 6:22 P>C
7:30 am; 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 a sc
and
6:10 pm[ 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 6:22 P3C
7:30 am 8:011 am! sebast'onol i 10:40 AM|IO:2S Alt
8:30 pm|s:oo pm| Bel)a atopoL | 6:10 pm| 8;22 PiC
Etaues connect at banta Rosa for Mark i Wrsc
Springs: at Geyserville for Skagss Springs; M
L'loverdalp for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and lakeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, BIU3
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lterley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin .Heights. Hullville, Boonevllle,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, '.Villets, Cahto. Co-
veto, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia aDd Eureka.
Saturday to .Monday round-trip tickets at reduce!
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bs-
yond Han liafael at halt' rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market, st., Chronicle bntldln*
B. C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN, \
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass, AgeaC.
Atlantic i^^^^p^
t*^^ ■ M, S %»^ §^r^TTfti"t^wi3stihi> Ji^l^k
Trains leave and arri73 etf^^^^^^J
ilarket-Stree; Ferry. HBBj*.'AjM&fl
mn fe express. W&m
HaMa Ift RAI iir.o.s. ss*>^rtfii^§cS»s'
To Chicago via A. & ''.^^Cffi^^
Direct Line "»*HSar}>^^sS3
Leaves da ly at 6:40 p. m.. carrvlne Pullman Palac«
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Tourist
Sieeplng-cars, which run dally through to Chicago
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and S*.
Louis. . •.■•
Boston Excursions, v.a Kansas City, Chicajftx
Montreal and the Whits .Mountains leave every
Tuesday. . .
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery,
ana good meats In Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala
1531., Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausadito Ferry).
sTnoaSaa Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 189*
WEEKDAY*.
for Mill Valley and San Bafael— *7 l2s, *9tl^
11:00 a.m.. •!:*&, 3:45, *6: 16. •3:45,6:30 PM,
Extra trips for lan llafael on Mondays, VVedae*
days and Saturdays at 11 ;30 r. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Bafael— »8:00, "10:08
•11:30 a. M. : »1:SO. 3:00, »4:30. 8:16». It
Trains marked • run to san Uuentin.
• THROUGH TRAILS, . ;L:'L
For PoiLt Reyes and way stations— a. »
Weekdays, 8:00 a. U. Sundays, 1:45 it. K. Satu»
•ays-
t «r Caaadero and way stations— :2fi a. m. w««s>
fays; 1t45 r. v. Saturday*, - ■
THE SA3 'FRUGiSCO \B SiS JOIQDII
VALLEY n\\m\ mmi
FROM JANUARY 1, 1897. passenger tral us
will run dally, excepting Sunday: ' ' • ' •
Southbound. . < stations. Kortnbonno.
» 7:2 1 a. m. .Siockton. 6:^o P. m.
9:49 a m Merced K:ll p m.
11:60 a m..;.....:... Fresno... :..1:)0p. M.
for intermediate stations see time-table. ■
Connecting steamboats of the C >. & I. Co.
leave Ban Francisco at 6 p. m- .dally, excepting
Saturday, and Stockton at 6 p. m- daily, except.
bund ay. - ■ •■-■-■--".-* ! ' • ,- >•-■■•■•-■>- •■ ■ - .
MPT TMALPAIS.
Trains- conntct with ' North Paclfla
Coast Kailroad. - . * , -
WKtK DAYS— Leave S. F. 9:l^ a. m. 1:45 p. k.
Returning— Arrive S. fc". 3:25 p M. . 6:VJO p it
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. m 11::-(0a.m. 1 :30 p jc.
Returning— Arrive S.F. 1:15 p. si 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p.m.
'licketsfor sale in Mill Valley or -
THo-. COOK & s-OXS, 6-' l Market St., S. F.
Mill Valley and Mount Tamaipala Scenic Kaiiwa/,
2930
Where San Francisco
Surpasses All the Other
Big Cities of the Union
|""^wO LONG as human nature pre
-M 1 serves its distinctiveness, so long
>55#,v will comparisons continue to be
made. Individuals compare their condi
tions, and enjoy satisfaction in contem
plating their enhanced financial or social
standing resulting from the adoption of
some method peculiar to themselves.
Nations. exercise their pride in the display
of government affording special ad
vantages and privileges, and communities
forming a town or city are not exempt
from the rule, the point dwelt upon by
each of the communities being its pos
session of one or more desirable condi
tions to perfect living not possessed by
other organized communities.
The science of municipal government is
now very close to being an exact one.
That it is not so everywhere applied is
due to one of two reasons — either the
badly governed community is lacking in
common knowledge, or good government
is rendered Impossible by the existence of
a loose system permitting the undue as
sumption of power by the dishonest por
tion of the community. This latter con
dition is rendered easier of attainment in
a republic than under a more concen
trated form of government, for the reason
that the rights of the individual are too
often considered by the many as being
above the rights of the state. It is largely
due to this reason that the science of mu
nicipal government has not reached that
perfection in this country which it has at
tained abroad.
The element of cupidity forms a large
part of most men, and in the political
"bos;" it is markedly predominant. Its i
presence ia the lever moving the thought- !
less masses with a power against which I
patriotic unselfishness has 100 often ;
striven in vain, and its power wiil continue I
until the majority of those whose privilege |
it is to make the Government learn by I
experience that their interests are en- ;
hanced and their necessities more speed
ily and better met by the application of j
the true principle that the rights of the
state are above the rights of the indi
vidual — in other words, the conveniences
and comforts of the many may not be
disregarded in order to increase the spe- j
cial enjoyments of the few. There is no I
trampling upon individual rights in the !
exercise of suci> a principle, ia every city
the numerical majority of the voters gen- ■
erally representsthe poor and measurably
ignorant, if not the vicious and depraved.
From this, it has been tiioueht that "these
classes holding the majority ot the votes,
and consequently choosing the rulers, the
resulting bad government is not surpris- j
ing. But such argument is specious. The '
lust of power and wealth is quite as cor
rupting as poverty and ignorance, and |
moreover is of greater potency for evil,
because of ils intelligence. If two-tnirds
of the voting population of any large city |
were a proletariat mob, without political
rights or interests, it would not be long
before fierce rivals for power would bo at
work organizing them into factional ;
rights.
Bad government is always due to organ
ization on the part of its supporters and
to corresponding lack of organization
among those honestly desirous of good
government. Without organization any
kind of government is impossible.
Those methods and practices which have
secured success in administration ot pri
vate business interests and enterprises are
equally if not more powerfully potent in
the conduct of municipal affairs. The
greatest merchants known to the com
mercial world recognize and strictly act
upon one undeviating principle: One
man at the head of each branch or depart
ment of the business, and every one of
these responsible to the chief head of all.
On the other side ol the water is a city
of 500,000 inhabitants, compactly built,
covering about 9'jOO acres. It is a great
manufacturing city. It makes and sells
its own gas, collects and sells its water
supply, builds its own street railroads, and
has made a closer approach to successful
solution of the sewage problem than
has been accomplished elsewhere.
It has provided for its citi
zens spacious and benutiful parks;
splendid swimming and Turkish baths at
less than cost; magnificent free libraries
MUNICIPAL STATISTICS.
CITT.
o
■a
c
£
g
a
-
c
jr
»
C
re
er
II
•C £
Jit*
r<
. »
* a
. _>
: °
Actual Value of Property.
t
p
j!
*i
3
o
a
t
►3
3£
■o
!<:
•• p .
I c
- v
: o,
, i
3&|
« c °
_>»<-.
3 a*
:'►_
'■ - __
. _, ►«
: a *
ill
-3
as
II
— o
v
c
It *»
: c
• c
a
>t
O
-
•o
p
<;
S>
&
(6
n
p
■s
p
a
a
0
New York 1
Chicago I
Philadelphia j
St. Louis '..
Baltimore
Boston
Cincinnati i
san Francisco '
Cleve ana
Detroit
Washington
New Orleans
Milwaukee
Kansas City
Denver
1,962,554
1,760,000
1,250,000
t50.(i1.0
600,000
501.083
40»,OUO
380,000
370,000 :
360 000;
: 80,000
275,000
260.000
175.01 0
150,000
I $109,885,509 j
17,188.950 1
877. B J6
20 647,711
14.922,620
43.161.405
26,7-4,054;
238,648
5,490,045
3,959,655
17.200.0j0 I
15,728,345
6.356. V 50
3 670.000
2.113.000
1,51 2.710,746!
24.347,682
655.062,039 1
256,770,220-
-239,145,789
981,252,426
194,340.451
358,079,211
53 825.16'>
209,68- 8
79,957.632 1
140,567,443
144,000.000
23.6 0.000 1
66.103,380
$1 640,028,655
192,498.842
816. 841,844
'.62.913,090
227,932,237
770,261.700
158,297,500
275,827.380
103.223.1H'
162.554.510
188 922.84.
100,639.680
Not given
48,1 00.00 C,
151,846.200
$370,919,007
60,977,983
1,985,705
78.113,270
71,00.1,000
210,990.726
1<6,042,951
82,251,831
31.339,795
47,031,8.0
10,971,737
40,037,913
. Not given
1.000.000
48.863,940
$2,016,947,66
243,476.825
818.827,549
341,026,960
298.932.237
981.252,426
194. 1-40,451
358,079,211
1..4 562,905
206.586.330
199,894,080
140.567.443
. 240,000,000
09,000,0110
200.710,140
•75
.10
.80
.76
.80
100
100
100
.4,
100
.40
100
.60
.40
.331/3
91.91
4.76
1.85
1.40
2.18
1.-9
1.39
•-.85
1.10
1.52
2.00
2.30
1.25
1.10
11,027 $56
139 987
655 24.70
624 31.76
49s 1 4.87
1,958 86.14
478 65.77
942 0.62
363 14.83
682 11.00
,718 61.42
651 57.17
923 24.44
337 20.97
338 14.00
CHRISTIAN OR ROMAN?
iiuman Remains Dug Out of the Gravel
in England.
An interesting discovery has been made
near Horncastle. England, says a corre
spondent. In the outskirts of the town Mr.
G. W. Smith, seedsman and greengrocer,
was employing a laborer to dig gravel on
his premises. About two feet, below the
surface the man's "pick" struck against
something hard, which, on investigation,
proved to be a leaden coffin. It was em
bedded in the gravel and proved to be in a
fairly good state of preservation. The
sides and ends, however, had lost cohe
sion between themselves and the lid, the
latter being also broken in the process of
uncovering it. Owing to this want of co
hesion the upper soil hud fallen in and
filled the interior. This was carefully re
moved when there was disclosed to view a
perfect skeleton, since pronounced by
medical experts to be that of a female.
The cofiin was five feet two inches in
length, the body, of course, being rather
shorter. Last week, as the gravel digging
was continued, a second leaden coffin
was exhumed about a yard to the
north of the former. This was in very
muck the same condition, the lid only
being rather more broken in extricating
it. This coffin was 5 feet 7 inches in
length. The bones were larger, and are
pronounced to be those of a male. Some
twenty-four years ago three leaden cof
fins were found within 100 yards of the
same site while workmen were digging
with a view to laying the foundation of a
and museums, art galleries and art
schools; and is, above all, a business city
run by business men upon business prin
ciples with a very low rate of taxation.
Its gas is sold at a price of 50 cents per
1000 feet, and the cost of water to the con
sumer is almost nothing. This great city
is practically free from debt and is the
owner of immense values in realty and
buildings. Its citizens enjoy benefits un
known to those of other communities,
benefits possible only under a well-admin
istered municipality. No socialist has
ever been elected to its Councils. It is the
city of Birmingham, England.
That such a condition of affairs is to be
desired goes without argument. It may
not prove uninteresting to briefly examine
conditions as now exist In the principal
cities and see which one promises the
speediest realization of good municipal
government.
The table herewith presented has been
prepared from data furnished by the
United States Bureau of Statistics in thg
report of the last census and contains
some ligures which are worthy or atten
tion, it is a statement showing the popu
lation and the public debts of the fifteen
largest cities in the United States and also
the assessed valuation of property, the
percentage such assessed valuation bears
to the actual value, the rate of taxation in
each city, the actual value of city prop
erty, the rate ot taxation based upon
actual values, the amount of wealth per
capita and the amount of debt per capita
in the respective cities. No table has ever
been published until now giving the data
embraced in the last four columns of this
table. The enormous total of actual
wealth shown by New York is not. as a
matter of fact, the correct showing. A
great portion is actually owned by non
residents, but is held by New York capi
talists under their control for purely spec
ulative purposes. The per capita wealth —
obtained in all cases by dividing the actual
value of property by the population — is,
therefore, misleading. A similarcondition
in lesser degree obtains in Philadelphia
and Boston, while in Washington the
holdings of the General Government are
embraced in the total of actual property
values. Notwithstanding these lacts, tlie
amount of per capita debt holds as against
the taxpayer, and it is consoling to the
city taxpayer out here on the far Pacific
toast to learn from this reliable data that
while his Eastern brother may be bathing
in the financial sunshine of fictitious
wealth he has to rustle with exceeding
energy to meet the payment of a heavy
per capita debt, a labor which the Western
man is exempted from.
Among these giants of municipal
growth San Francisco stands proven the
most desirable of all for the man who
owns his own home, cr is engaged in
business transactions necessitating the
ownership oi property. Tne table shows
that the individual San Franciscan holds
$1303 of the wealth of his City, and is
called upon to meet but 07 cents and 7
mills of the City debt.
A homely adage, but an exceedingly !
trite one, has it that "the proof of the ;
pudding is in the eating thereof." That j
form and practice of municipal adminis- I
tration which can confer upon the iudi- j
vidual citizens of its community so splen- |
did a condition of financial affairs as is j
here exhibited stands above criticism, j
It is a condition whicu must attract the
attention of every thoughtful man con
templating the change of his business
location irom a place where a per capita !
city debt of $25 to $80 stands like a menac- !
ing specter that will not down, to some ■
other community where such harassment
is impossible.
It might be said by the uninformed that
the paltry amount of San Francisco's per
capita debt was due to an absence of pub
he works and enterprises such as in this
modern age mark the presence of high
class civilization. Only the ignorant could
entertain such erroneous imaginings. But
very few cities equal San Francisco in
matter of public institutions. Her parks,
her museums, her art schools and gal
leries, her baths and other affairs devised
and maintained for the education and en
tertainment of her citizens are pre-emi
nently first class and modern. They are
nonconformist chapel. No care was
taken of these, and they wera disposed of
as old lead. Several Roman cinerary urns
have been dug up at different times in
Ihis locality, as well as many Roman
coins and other antiquities. The main
question|is, Were these iead coffins Roman
or Christian? On the same side of the
town there is a public recreation ground
called the "Wong"— an old Saxon word
for "field." Were tney Saxons? From
their lying east and west the correspond
ent is inclined to consider them Christian.
Their somewhat rude construction, as
well as the absence of any kind of inscrip
tion, also incline him to suppose that they
were originally inner "shells," inclosed in
a wooden exterior, but no trace of de
cayed wood was perceptible. — Boston
Herald.
THE SEEDS IN A PUMPKIN.
How a Dream Made Thomas Kambo a
Winning Guegser.
Several months ago, when pumpkins
were ripe, William Wint, proprietor of
the saloon at 150 Perm avenue, bought a
large yellow one with preen stripes and
placed a box alongside of it for gu-seses
as to the number ot seeds it contained.
The iruit of the cornfield was not to be
cut until December 26, and then the per
son who guessed the correct number or
nearest to it was to receive the contents
of the box. Many of the patrons of the
house put a number of guesses in the
box, each costing 5 cents, and when
the box was opened there was $6 65 in
it. Some of the guesses ran up to thou
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, IS3T.
as free to use by the general public as are
any similar institutions elsewhere, in fact
in many respects freer. The magnificent
Free Public Library, carrying 100.C00
bound volumes of the best literature of
the world, has 1500 daily readers and over
20,000 borrowers, who take to their homes
to read at leisure the volumes they de
sire. This without any ptice or fee what
ever. The schools and higher institutions
of learning of San Francisco are noted
throughout the world for their high stan
dard of excellence. Astronomy and nat
ural physics have their greatest temples at
the Golden Gate.
The San Francisco millionaire has long
been a thing of common talk. He is a dif
ferent creature from those of this class
elsewhere. He keeps in touch with his
fellow-citizen, and while hs may lack
some of the traits which mark the one
who looks toward Eastern Atlantic shores
for guidance in the etiquette of the bac
carat table and the cut of knee breeches,
he prefers the old-fashioned ways and
customs of good old-lashioned '49ers, and
does not falter when appeals to his pnrse
are made to aid in the betterment of his
poorer fellows. No greater, widespread
philanthropy has ever been witnessed
than that practiced by the California mil
lionaire.
High above all other things San Fran
cisco is emphatically a business city, run
by business men upon business principles.
She can with pardonable pride point to a
lesser number of business failures and
foreclosures than can any other city of her
size. And she is not yet out of swaddling
clothes. The business of the Gulden Gate
is in its infancy.
For a long time the fair harbor of San
Francisco has been antagonized by the
selfish policy of a powerful corporation
which by sharp practices obtained control
of rights of way for land transportation
leading from the Golden Gate to the East
erc States, and which in the pursuit of its
grasping policy has done all that cupidity
and greed could do to thwait enterprise
and deter industry by the imposition of
inhibitory rates. Recently the National
Congress has interposed its rightful pro
tection to the Pacific Coast, and the re
straint which has heretofore impeded
manufacturing and commercial industries
will shortly cease to be. Then will dawn
the bright morning of the golden land.
With the commerce ot half the world dis
embarking at her wharves, with other and
adequate railroads leading to the interior
of the continent and to the shore 3of the
Atlantic, with rates of fairness making it
both possible and profitable to ship to the
distant points the countless products of
the favored Pacific Slope, San Francisco
will swiftly assume her regal rights as the
greatest commercial center.
Fifty years from now the maritime
trade of San Francisco will outrank that
of any other city of the world. The boy
of 10 year^, qf to-day, who may live to
witness the great City of 1947, will view a
splendid metropolis of immense area; a
city of maentticent proportions, where
grand architectural palaces of trade will
line broad and busy thoroughfares. He
will be able to stand upon some eminence
overlooking a noble bay and count » thou
sand huge leviathans of the deep coming
and going through the sunset gate, ea:h
laden with. the riches of the eastern and
western worlds, and all loading and un
loading their respective cargoes at the
great City's docks. A dozen lines of steel
highways will center at the City's gates,
whence their smooth-worn rails will
spread north, east and soutn, four-tracked
and occupied.
It may, to the one who deals only in the
dull prosaic, seem too much of a romance
to entertain such views as these; but to
him who studies the causes leading to the
rise and growth of cities, to him who will
in fair candor of spirit examine into the
conditions which encompass San Fran
cisco, and from such examination frame
unbiased deductions, there will be no
hesitation in arriving at the conclusion
that all which has been said in this arti
cle is not only possible, it is highly prob
able. The histories of the greatest com
mercial cities of the globe had less favor
able promises than has San Francisco.
P. M. Close,
-sands, one as high as 6000 and some as
low as 234. When the pumpkin was cut
on Saturday evening in the presence of a
large crowd and the seeds taken out there
were just 264 in it. Thomas Rambo, the
veteran blacksmith, residing at 18 South
Second street, was the nearest guesser,
his number being 263, and he took the
contents of the box.
Mr. Rambo had other guesses in the
box lower than the winning one, but sev
eral nights before the cutting of the pump
kin he had a dream in which he saw five
men counting the seeds in the same pump
kin and overheard :hem say 263 "would
win. The next morning he went to the
faloon and place. i that numbenn the box.
Mr. Kambo said to a Times reporter that
he did not believe in dreams or spooks,
but in this case his dream was verified.
Reading Times.
How Anin.nU Make Their Toilet*.
Cats, large and small, make the most
careful toilets of any class of animals,
excepting some of the opossums. The
lions and tigers wash themselves in ex
actly the same manner as the cat, wetting
the d&rk, indiarubber-like ball of the fore
foot and ihe toe and passing it over the
face and behind the ears. The foot
is thus at the same time a face-sponge
and brush, and the rough tongue combs
the rest of the body. Hares also use their
feet to wash their faces, and the hare's
foot is so suitable for a brush that it is
generally used to apply the "j^aint" to
the face for the staee.— Sparo Moments.
Fine half-tone printing by skilled men and
modern machinery. Mysell-Rollias, 22 Clay.*
NEW TO-DAY— DRY G<^PJL-—^_^~-^ — — — --»■ -— — ~ — ■ -— —^^
FOURTH WEEK OF CLEARING SALE!
•
— ■ ; : : B«Mss*s —  ■'. ~
r-$7/ry%7Jir Every Item We Quote / J -/^y Zr
I [incorporated] "' Here COUntS = = =: NO Extra ' / [INCORPORATED]
937-945 Market Street, « r ' i^ T W7^^4.~ 937-945 Market Street,
SAX FRANCISCO. WOrCIS === IN O "W'SLSIG OX' SAN FRANCISCO.
"SPECIAL." Space-Just Prices. "SPECIAL."
SPECIAL NO. I. ! ' , ft «sr / @gß&ijs @%j SPECIAL HO. 111.
Bleached Sheeting. #S I %J!^^%jS I Wren's Handkerchiefs.
10-4 or 90 inches wide and a good ** I'-W'i '*//// W. C rs%\ r^U*/ V "S 
quality, with no dressing. On \ iy Y/y* /st '* "d\ #?> V vSyV B A printed border, 14-inchl 4 -inch hem. Not
| sale Monday only. fi 'fit w'/tfjoSL "In W- JrX \ X over two dozen sold to each
,_ « ,  . *'A \ yJ> J/%/s\ jfe^ X ... / /* fi, * H customer. Special
15 .Cents Yard. I | \j %M{p\;^''>, iS, /t \ I customer< *****
Not more than 5 yards to a customer. j /| J Vf^lf^"" . fj 'I I 2.1 CentS Each.
COME EARLY FOR THESE SPECIALS / !^^^LiFORN. ft ' >^TS \ COME EARLY FOR THESE SPECIALS
SPECIAL NO. 11. liSPll^li^ ' '^^^^, I SPECIAL NO. IV.
TetlOW'S Swan'S Strong buying makes strong selling. I M ™ ' Bla <* " .
Raiitii p AIF/ l Al i ' Strong values for the asking. | CottOH HOSe.
I/O 1! 11 rVil'U"lt SXs)®®®®®®S)®®®®®®®S)®S)®®^^ I Fine Maco Yarn, ribbed and seamless,
On Sale Special at ' MOTiniVQ- C I OAkT^ 1 high-spliced heels and toes, sizes .
Q r» « + o D^ v iWJ 1 IV/lll^. vLv/iIVU. ■ fy to9y 2 . Special To-morrow
i O L»6nIS DOXi ; kl 101 r* + d "
only 3 boxes to a customer. Oceans of Notions at Choppy The wonder is in the style and | I^2 Cents t-*air.
mmmautiUßmuuMwmm* prices. quality. SaBBBBHniHBBBBmifiIBHHBBV
LACE CURTAINS. ™^u^sg°lß?%£& 4 "SBSffSSKSSSSSiSS ■ Furnishing Goods.
See our window d^play 'Us bet- — — !^.-- Yard SS^^ 1£& w t'^x.oo . Perhaps that cold was caused by
ter than an advertisement argument. SAr^^.TX R .nZ^t VFtt'^^^™®^ the wrong underwear. Ours is
tan, gray, gobelin, lifrut, me- Tlgni.
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 8 dlum and dark reens, pink, LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, the TirrW* AND ROYS ~BLACK COT-
yards long and 45 inches wide, In CQC light blue, sapphire, cardinal, handsomest cape for the money toy KrRP"-ij HOSE an extra
ecru oily. They actually sold a.l DV terra cotta, garnet, navy, etc CC we know or, jet trimm vi, l hibet to ft. 50 TON KIR BKD 1 ' Stocking wide or QCC
last week at 76c. To cose Tair . the 80 and 10c ribbon. To- O fur on .collar and Jront: these I S^^L w^«ri «;m 6to 9V* Ihev Jib
morrow at.. „_ Yard were $10. now toclose Each adWfise atff[ Pair
THESE REDUCTIONS ABE BONA FIDE FANCY MESH VEILING. 14 IAC BLACK BOUtLE CAPES. 24 LADIES' CORSETS earned with Fancy
:'— — r,'; inches wide, chenille dot, no lv Inches long ana 135-inch sweep, Figured Black Sateen, closely boned ''At'
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 3V QQC blac "- Toclearut Yard hibet fur around colhiraudfltto.SO and long waist, all sizes, a special lot OU
rafr^ir ? i C 5 he o^at eWiUBeUV!(iO 9 P a«r OPENWORK SCR-iTTfor fancy IAC w^Sjßf^en^l!^..?^^ reduce, toclo.e. Askfor them at.... Pair
pairoftnefl 25 ones at - Fair work, 18 inches, wide, the 15c Hid BIOH-ORADK NOVELTY .ACKETSBK- WHAT WE SAY IS SO,
kind. To advertise at Yard BIfiHGRADE NOVELTY JACKETS RH-
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS. 31' 2 DU«- EDFOR' LKAitAN CE— i'heentiro LADIES' ALL-WOOL UNION SUITS,
and 4 yards long by 58 inches wide, ©1 -23 LIN EX SPLASHERS, fringed. line of Sv-5, $27 50 up to $4) Jackets are fine Saxony yarn, Jersey ribbed and ©I .25
white or tcru. To advertise, the«|pl plain or drawn worked, prettily IAC now priced $16 50, $1860 up to $27. snaped, c.ocbet silt edge, white or «3P-L
$1 501ot has been mur»ed to .. Pair stamped, the 15c ana S!Oc ones. -l A/ Call and sac them. gray. Clearing sale price Suit
T °- mo "° at^.^;^ Each _ CHILDREN'S WHITITwoOL UNION
SEE OUR WINDOW msPXAY FOB rvrvT -'/^r> *-* *-\. A"* *"X i~* miin «^fc A r-w a A W^k SUITS, large sizes, 5, and 8, forages
co>viNci*G. aliment. DRESS GOO THE BAZAAR, i^j»jsajs&af 7 «
1 ___ $125 to *1 75 each. The entire lot ♦ O
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS. 3% fig .98 qTH TPBn Porn P sniTlxr* CLOTHES BRUSHKS - A good 90C to-morrow at .-;.-.• bull
A^on^&U^&m o .^!^ tr o«^c T B beS^ G . stiff brush to be sold to-morrow Zo INFANTS naTUBaTT*RAY WOOL
An honest reduction from 00 t0.... lair the counters to-morrow at 29c a at •••"••—• Each MIXED VESTS- Perhaps baby needs
yard, a strictly all-wool cloth, TT n ^ cn.n monc ,« _ . „„„ _ - _ r , some underwear! A fine soft (Swiss Q^C
IRISH POINT LACE CURTAINS, 3 37 Inches wide; in black, navy C)QC WIRE SO AP Di sj- ih.s- or any l siio ribbed garment, in size* 1 and 'A to *JO
yards long 48 inches wide; were© Q.OO brow.>, olive and myrtle. Zv kind of "good" housekeeper, to ■* fj be closed out at.... Each
sen.n.for 93; a grand curtain. To &J_ Special Yard close at .^... *■«» CLAIM T hIT~BEST HOSIERY
close lalr . ACCOUNT -BOOKS. 5V 2 xl2y CC VALUES IN THE CITY.
inches, 90 pages, figure tnis size O ■
IRISH POINT CURTAINS 3i/> yards 65 ° SEPGES, in black or navy out . our price.... Each GENTS' FULL LAU-N'D-.RED SHIRTS,
long by 50 Inches: only a few pair of ffin.oo blue, 60 inches wide and guar- qQC re-enforced back and front, a neat em- rcC
each pattern; very cno cc; see our <TOD anieed all wool. A hummer O?7 MA II HDHPD brolaered edge on bosom. The $1 So ~tO
window: were $8 50 ami $10. To close Pair to-morrow a. Yard iTI/AIL. V7 IV ■-« »V« to go to-morrow at Each
— — If you are out of town order by GENTS ' all-wool~lubbed un-
IRISH POINT CURTAINS. 3i/ 2 yards BEIGE SUITINGS, a 38-inch mail. The best Of attention. DERWEAR, the natural gray 83 gar-
long. in white or ecru, a few rich ©"|A. 00 fabric, in erays, browns and o^c Send for samoleS and informs- ments. 10 be closed out this week. A M.OO
patterns of our $12 50 and $18 grade tJ^IU fancy mixtures. On sale to- ZO ac« lOr sam P les anu niiuiiim grand garment for these co.d days. <P^
to go on sale at $7 50 and Pair 1 morrow at Yard tion. An opportunity to buy cheap. Price.. Garment
THE BARBERS ALL
FAVOR THE BILL
The Measure to Have Bar
bers Appointed Is
Popular.
Officers of the Organizations of
the Craft Speak With
Emphasis.
They Declare Strongly and Unani
mously Against Five-Cent Shops
and Low-Pric.d Work.
There is much interest concerning the
bill which has been introduced into the
Senate by General John H. Dickinson to
provide that it shall be unlawful for any
person who is not now a practicing barber
in this State to commence such practice
without a certificate from a board of ex
aminers to be appointed by the Governor,
Unlike the majority of acts which make
their appearance in Sacramento, this one
seems to have ao visibie opposition on
the part of those principally concerned.
Conrad Troall, at 659 Clay street, who
is secretary of the Barbers' Protective
Union, speaking for the craft yesterday,
said: "This bill meets with the indorse
ment of the Darbers not only of this City,
but of the State, and, I misht add, of the
Pacific Coast.
D.Sc.
"The question has been discussed at our
meetings, and it was eventually decided
to consult with General Dickinson, as a
lawyer and a legislator, to see what could
be done to prevent scab 5-cent shops, and
at the same time keep the profession up
to a standard of respectability and living
wages. Out of this consultation the pres
ent Lull has resulted."
S. Fuchs, at 325 Grant avenue, who is
the employment secretary of the Barbers'
Association of the Pacific Coast and vice
president of tiie Barbers' Protective
Union, spoke in a similar strain. He was
very pronounced in his opposition to the
existence of and the class of work done at
the "Barbers' College" at 1515 Howard
street, where m n and women are turned
out as full-fledged barbers at short notice.
"This place," he said, "is dragging
down our craft. In it men, boys and girls
are tnken in indiscriminately if they will
put up a certain sum of money and are
turned out full-fledged barbers after a few
weeks' work to make room for others who
enter on the same terms. The result of
this is that those so turned out of this
college consider themselves barbers until
they get into a tirst-class shop.
"They cannot hold positions in first
class shops. They are discharged, and
the n xt thins they do is to open a 5-cent
shop for themselves or go to work for one
of this class already established.
"All of this has not only injured our
business, but it has brought it down to
the very dust, and a decent living is not
lelt for good workmen. Consequently the
bill now introduced has been sanctioned
by the association of the coast, and I hope
it will pass and become a law."
A. J. Stein of 604 Montgomery street
and other barbers also favor the bill upon
the same lines as those expressed by the
two former speakers.
At the "Barbers' College," at 1515 How
ard street, W. 8. Bncilong and W. H. Dun
nagan, the proprietors, were seen. They
were in favor of the bill, with but one
single exception, and that was that the
term of two years' service as an apprentice
is too long.
Barbers say that in the so-called Barber
College five out of fourteen apprentices
are women, and they shave and cut the
hair of all who apply, without charge, to
get practice, and by doing the work for
nothing the apprentices find subjects to
operate on.
THE MECHANICS' LIBRARY.
Members Must Soon Chooge Seven Di
rectorg From Fifteen Nominees.
A new board of seven directors for the
Mechanics' Institute Library is to be
elected on February 23, the last Tuesday
of tie month. The voting will be done
by those of the 4300 members that may
care to present themselves at the library
on that day.
There are fifteen nominees irom which
the seven will be chosen by what is known
as a preference system. Each member in
dicates on his ballot his lirst, second and
succeeding choices for one place. The
ballots are then classified and counted,
and first-choice men not having a certain
per cent of the total number of votes cast
are eliminated until the seven highest are
determined in conjunction with the sec
ond-choice votes.
Four of the nominees— Denicke, Cole,
Formhais and Kendrick — are members of
the present board. Some of the members
of the library particularly conversant
with the successful conduct of affairs in
the past are very desirous that Mr. Den
icke be re-elected, and are worrying lest
in the scattering of votes among the
many candidates the library should lose
the services of one of its most energetic
workers.
Following are the nominees and the
business interests they represent:
R. P. Clement, lawyer. Mills buiiding;
Ernest A. Denicke, Oakland Preserving Com
pany, 320 Sansotne street; Ferdinand Form
iials, chemist, IGOi) Dupont street; Rodney
Kendrick, manager Washington Mill Com
pany, 10 Market street; 1) a. Macdonnld, con
tractor, 2510 Sacramento street; R. W. Neal,
publisher, 320 California sireet; Charles M.
Plum Jr., first vice-prescient Charles M.
I'lum & Company Upholstery Company,
1301 Market street: E. H. Cole, nianu
fucturer, 40 New Mcntgonierv street;
Frank T. Doolan. architect, 1424 Mission
street: Tftomas Houseworth, photographer,
2019 Sacramento street ; Dr. C. A. Kern, chem
ist. United States Appraisers' Office; John Mc-
Laren, Superintendent Golden Gate Park: L.
B. I'hiliip*, attorney-at-law, Supreme Court
building, 305 Larkl'n sireet; John C. Sala,
manufacturer surviving instruments, 439
Montgomery street; Horace Wilson, insurance,
421 California street.
BOTH CLASSES VIOTOBIOUS.
Polytechnic Juniors Won at Baseball
and Middles at Football.
Two rival classes of the Polytechnic
High School played baseball and football
at Central Park yesterday afternoon be
fore an enthusiastic crowd of youthful
spectators.
The baseball game resulted in a victory
for the Junior Class. The score was 12 to
7. In the first inning the Junior Class
made five runs, while the Middle Class
was shut out. Among the noticeable fea- !
tares of the match were the playing of j
Duden of the Middle team and the pitch
ing of Dorothy of the Junior nine.
In the football match the Middle Class
men retrieved themselves and defeated
their rivals by a score of 14 to 0. Three
touchdowns were made but no goals were i
kicked and Keene of the Junior team was
compelled to score a salety, giving the
Junior eleven two points. Two of the
touchdowns were made by Duden, who.
Dy the way. is one of the members of the
famous liule Y. M. C. A. team, and one
was made oy Nathan. In individual play
ing Duden and Hammer, haltbacks for
the Middle Class, and Holcombe, guard
for the Junior Class, did creditable work. :
The officials were: Bishop, referee;
Brickett, umpire; Pope and Police Ser
geant Michael Joseph Conboy, linesmen.
Jewelry store, 5 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
NO DISCIPLINE
FOR JUDGES
The Bar Association Will
Kindly Give Them
Free Rein.
It Was Thus Decided at a Final
Meeting Held Yester
day.
Other Revisions Aso Male in the
Proposed Amendment for
Judicial Reform
The San Francisco Bar Association held
its nnal meeting for the revision of its
proposed constitutional amendment for
judicial relorm yesterday afternoon.
There was a full attendance, and the
conlerence was spirited throughout.
Section 13 was taken up first. It de
fines the jurisdiction and powers of the
Superior Courts and does not differ ma
terially from the present law. One im
portant item provides that injunctions
and writs of prohibition may be issued
and served on lep;al holidays and non
judicial days. The section was adopted
after the elimination of a few redundant
expressions.
From section 14 the following clause was
cast out in its entirety :
The Judees of the Superior Court, residing
! or noiding sessions of the court within any
I county in which more than two sessions of the
court shall be held at the same time, shall by
secret ballot choose from their own number a
presiding Judge, who shall continue to pre-
I side during his term of office as Judge of the
! court.
For the clause stricken out the follow
ing substitute, sent in by Judge Seawell,
was inserted :
In every county where there are more than
two Judges of the Superior Crurt for such
county, they shall choose from, their own
number a presiding Judge, wlio may be re
moved at their p.easure.
The next section was adopted as recom
mended by the committee. It reads as
follows:
The jurisdiction of the Supreme Court and
of the District Courts of Appeal, the Judges of
the Superior Courts and trie Justices and
Judges of all the other courts of record, ex
cepting those hereinafter designated as
trustees of the bar, may be removed by con
current resolution of both houses oi the Legis
lature, adopted by a iwo-thlrds vote of each
house; but no removal shnll be made by vir
tue ot this section unless the cause tnereof
and the votes by ayes and uoes be entered on
the journal, nor unless the pnrty complained
of has been served -with a copy ot the com-
Elaiut against him and had an opportunity of
eing heard in his defense. Trustees of the
bar and all other judicial offices within this
State may be removed in the mauner herein
after provided.
Sections 16 to 37 inclusive were consid
ered as a whole, they relating generally
to the same subject— the creation of a
court of discipline. In tbeir considera
tion a breezy debate ensued.
It was this proposed court of discipline
that came under the condemnation of
Judge Van R. Paterson in the columns
of The Call a few days ago.
Attorney William J. Herrin began the
debate by moving tnat the portion relat
ing to the establishment of a court of
discipline for the judiciary, as well as the
bar be stricken out. 4
Attorney John A Wright didn't like f
this proposition a little bit, and made a
lengthy speech in favor of a disciplinary
court lor the ermine. He was followed by
Dr. Edward R. Taylor, Attorneys Wil
liam H. Fifieid, George A. Kankin and
others, who as strongly oppose! so exten
sive a scope of power for the proposed
court.
The aftermath of the debate was mani-
fest in the result of a vote against giving
the proposed tribunal power to discipline
the judiciary.
Next Monday a committee of four will
meet and draft the proposed amendment
as revised, when it will be taken to Sacra
mento and laid berore the JuJiciary Com
mittee of the Legislature. Judge R. Y.
Hayne will ant as chairman of the com*
mittee, and it is probable that the threa
attorneys composing the body that
drafted the original document will be his
associates. They are John A. Wright,
A. L. Rhodes and Columbus Bartlett.
A gold pen with careful usage will last
from fifteen to twenty years.
KCW to-day:
THERE An 33
4 Important points
to consider when
buying goods ...
PRICE STOCK
QUALITY TERMS
WE are largest buyers.
WE have two acres of floor space, i
WE sell cheapest. \r
WE give easiest tern&
4 Rooms of Furniture $75.00
V 1 Piece Parlor Sets 25.00
Oak Bed Sets. Mattresses, etc.— ll
pieces...: 24.50
Roll-Top Desks 16.00
No. 7 Stoves and Ranges 8.50
J. 3stoo:n\a.:n;
. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
516-518-520-522 Minna Street.
Above Sixth.
Phone, Jessie 4L Open Evening?.
CUT THIS OUT.
Special Rates to Large Buyers.
Sugar (Western), 4.35. 23 lbs-... *1 00
Tea. hotel, mixed. 7 lbs... 1 00
Coffee, java bend, 1-tbtlns '*>
Kice. SU-Ib mats ; 175
Kice, pood table, per lb , ' 4
Tapioca or Sago. 85 tb* 1 00
Mustard or Pepper, lot>!<\ 5-tt> lots 45
Cream Flakes I r breakfast, 50- lb sack 150
RolK'dOats, 9 16sa.lt • 275
<:ornstarch (Calumet), 40, $1 80: pack 5
Flour Al tumlly, per !>hl 4 65
Tomatoes, 2Vr* Columbus, per can 6
Tomatoes. Cod«vKlfelt. per do* 75
1 Apricots, 2 Va Its, table, solid pack.... 110
! P«-aehe«, ii,4 »->, table, solid pack. ....... 110
Susar Peas, .solid pack, doz ..■ 90!
Sugar Corn, IS JM6 cans....'. 1 ]<J
Oysters, 13 1-IT. fans 1 m
Ovster«,,7 2-lt> cans 1 UP
Hams, Al, # 1b........^..- -ii
Picnic, lari:e and leap, "$ tt> OH
Bacon, extra light, V- "' , 11
Choice Fresli Dutter. r0i1..... 25
REID'S CASH STORE,
126-128 Clay Street.