VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 145.
GREEKS TURN
THE TABLES
IN THESSALY
Troops of the Sultan Said
to Be Destitute and
Demoralized.
KING GEORGE'S FORCES NOW
HOLD THEIR OWN.
Decided Check of the Onward March of the
Invading Moslem Hordes Followed by
a General Changing of Turkish
Commanders.
That something of importance has occurred on the Thessalian
frontier to check the advance of the Moslems upon Larissa is noted by
the recall of Edhem Pasha, commander-in-chief ,of the Turkish forces.
Osman Pasha has been ordered to succeed Edhem. Changes are also
reported among Turkish generals in Epirus.
Now the general political situation promises to attract more atten
tion than the actual military operations. Emperor William's recent
visit to Vienna is followed by a willingness on the part of Francis
Joseph to drop Italy from the triple alliance, if Russia is substituted.
Official reports relate the gallant defense of the bridge over the
river Arta by the Greek troops, who on the 20th inst. defeated the !
attacking Turkish forces, killed their commander and scattered them
over the plain beyond the river. Greeks are also holding their own in
Thessaly.
From Constantinople comes the news that the Turkish fleet has
returned there. The vessels were unseaworthy and the commanders ■
were afraid to take any chances. Quite different are the reports con- i
cerning the Greek Western squadron. These modern warships are j
bombarding towns along the western Albanian coast, and soon a bom- i
bardment of Salonica is expected.
THEIR ADVANCE CHECKED.
Turks Have Not Yet Reached Lar-
Issa and May Not Arrive
There at A!!.
fCopyrljrbted 1897, By the New York Sun.]
LONDON, Esq., April 23.— The advance
of the Turks on Larissa has undoubtedly
been partially checked, but no news has
been received here which justifies or ex
plains the lecall of £<lhem Pasha, the
Turkish commander-in-cbief. The first
report that Osman Pasha had superseded
Edhem is not believed in London, for the
latter's march into Thessaly was regarded
ALEXANDER I, KING OF SERVIA, One ol the Monarchs Who Is Expected to
Aid Greece in the War With Turkey.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
at a triumphal one. Later accounts of J
tfaa gloomy feeling id Constantinople nave
created a belief that the Turks have suf
fered reverses which hay* not been re
ported to the outstde world.
The general political situation is begin
ning to attract more attention than tbe
military operations. The activity of Em
! peror William and the efforts of Bulgaria
'■ to put pressure on the Sultan are creatine
' uneasiness, but no serious fear is enter
tained yet that the war will become gen
| eral. London bases its confidence on
I such trifles as Salisbury remaining at the
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, APRIL 24, 1897.
... The summit of Ml i * °". '' reached by two roads from Elassona. One climbs up from the west through Teharitchena, crosses the frontier at the very summit, then winds down on the east side around
the aid. of Vide ualoun*. to L B ari» through th. footb.ll. to Turnavo and on to Laris B a. The other road, leaving Elassona in a northeasterly direction, fellows the course of the Eiassonitko River up to the ba-. of
that ™ P :;*". ;s, o i? mJi m •.. I^^"«.^r^iionTh^s;" d " t ihe Bame time> aß9aaltin * in Iront by tbe main road - and in flank by the rM « <°"- " w -- -« °° ** «™»* «■
--l.th. In the "*ht foreground ! o n ','' c picture is a Greek battery striving to make the best of a bad position. ,In the distance to the left am tb. Turkish batteries on th. rid road. .In th. middle, along the highway,
H.h^ d.«i*.^li7^ujr y " T " ' Cl ° re '" draW " bj •mm iT ° m ' BketCh Sis! i Ban Fr " cisCO Wh ° is ,h o ro» s b 1? familiar with the ground and has carefully followed all the pu^
Riviera and the steadiness of the markets.
On the other band there are some dis
turbing symptoms. It is clear ibe recent
visit of Emperor William to Vienna is of
the highest significance. It is practically
admitted that be incited the Sultan to
war, and the question now is whether he
secretly desires it to spread. Bulgaria did
not threaten the Sultan until Ferdinand,
the ruler of that country, consulted Wil
liam, and it is now presumed the latter is
seeking to bring Austria and Russia into
accord.
It is reported in Vienna that Francis
Joseph is willing to drop Italy from the
Triple Alliance if Russia is substituted.
THE FIGHT IN MILOUNA PASS.
The latest Paris advices indicate that
France is uecotning so restive on accoui.t
of tba«e maneuvers that the Cabinet
would be in great danger if the Chamber
of Deputies were in session. It will proba
bly be found that Salisbury will be ready
to take full advantage of the latter situa
tion the moment the relations of Franc?
and Russia become strained. In the
meantime the prospect is diminishing of
a quick sweeping victory by the Turks
over the Greeks.
The Turkish navy has utterly collapsed
as was expected it would do. Every day
the Greek* can hold the enemy in check
in Thessaly their chance of gaining their
object increases. Still it is impossible to
judge accurately of the situation on the
frontier, but the dispatches from both
sides indicate that the Greek fortures have
improved distinctly.
HOLDING THEIR OWN.
Advices From Athens Show That
the Greeks Have Dealt Severe
Blows to the Turks.
LONDON, Eire., April 23.— A dispatch
to tne Cbroniclo from Athens states that
the Greeks are holding iheir own in Thes
saly. The Turks do not possess any
Greek territory. Nothing can prevent
the victorious Greek fleet from rencning
Balonicaand Smyrna. Everything is go
ing well financially. Subscriptions from
Greeks abroad are pouring in and the
value of paper money has risen materially.
The dispatch adds the wounded troops
from Gritzovali declare when the Greeks
began to retreat from that place at night
fall and several of their wounded were
left behind the Turks shut these in a
small church, which they then set afire.
All were burned to death.
Crown Princs Constantino telegraphed
this evening:
"The Turks are quiet to-day owing to
our success- yesterday. We have destroyed
the Turkish battery at Ligaria. The
Turks have retired from Nezeros and
Rapsani. I was in the firat line of fire
yesterday."
A dispatch to the Times from Kalam
baka dated to-day says: "There was fight
ing at midday yesterday at Ssproklisaia,
westward of here, where the Greeks on
Tuesday burned the Turkish blockhouse.
The TurJts afterward made rifle pits. The
engagement resulted in a Greek victory.
The Turkish loss must have been consid
erable, nine shells having bum in the
rifle pits and several over them."
The Daily News has a dispatch from
Salon ica dated yesterday saying it is
reported the Turkish forces have sustained
severe reverses and have been repulsed all
along the line. Their losses are said to
have been heavy.
Radically contradictory dispatches to
the Times dated Milouna this morning
aay the Turks continued yesterday and to
day to advance through the plain of
Larissa. The Greeks are avoiding a
general engagement and are gradually
retiring. Edhem Pasha, the correspond
ent declared, was pursuing a cautious
policy.
The Athens correspondent of the Man
chester Guardian oars King George will
appeal soon to the Greeks throughout the
world to assist the country with men and
' money. j
The Chronicle has started a fund for tbe
relief of the Greek wounded. A commit
tee has been formed to administer the
fund which includes Lady Dilke, Lady
Henry Somerset, Mrs. Gladstone, Mrs.
Asquithand Mrs. Labouehere.
IN DESPERATE STRAITS.
The Army In Thessaly Need Sup
plies, and Forces In Epirus
Panic Stricken.
ATHENS, Greece, April 23.— A decree
was issued by the King to-night summon
ing the two classes of the National Guard
for active service.
Late dispatches from Larissa say the
Turks have burned the villages of Karayo
land of Moralaria and part of Igaria, in
cluding churches.
Dispatches from Epirus say the Turks
in that province are panic stricken and,
instead of remaining to defend their posi
tions, flee in terror as the Greeks ap
proach. Many cannon and quantities of
ammunition and an abundance of booty
are said to have fallen into the hands of
the invaders. It is learned the position of
the army oi Edhem Pasha is desperate.
Supplies of all kinds are needed.
Appeals for re-enforcements are due to
serious losses the Turks sustained. At
Reveni and Boughazi whole battalions of
Turkish troops were decimated.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, April 23.
Edbem Pasha has telegraphed from the
front that the Greeks are making only a
feeble defense to Larissa. He says the
Turks are advancing very cautiously, be
lieving the Greeks have planted dynamite
mines in the outskirts of the city.
OSMAN IN COMMAND.
By Palacs Intrigue Edhem Pasha,
the Leader of the Turkish
Forces. Is Recalled.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tttrket, April
23. — Osman Pasha has been aisigned to
command the Turkish troops before La
ritsa. Edhem Pasha, Commander-in
chief of the Turkisii forces, with head
quarters at Elassona, haa been recalled.
It ia said thai Eddin Pasha has also been
appointed to command the Turcisu troops
at Janina, in Epirus, replacing Ahmed
Hafiz Pasha. The palace intriguers are
again on the move and it is possible they
may have caused the recall of Edhem
Pasha, although it seems clearly suicidal
to stop in the development of his plan of
campaign.
Osman Pasha left Constantinople for the
front to-night. The Sultan has conferred
the fullest power* upon Osman and as
sured him he will not be fettered by pal
ace intriguers. Edbem Pasha has been
appointed adjutant-general to the Sultan.
LONDON, Eng., April 23.— A dispatch
to the Times from Constantinople states
that Osman Pasha will have the supreme
command of ail the Turkish forces.
El hero Pasha will remain commander of
the Army of the East. It is said Eddin
Pasha will command the Army of the
West. _
AT THE ARTA BRIDGE.
Valor of the Creeks, Who Routed
the Turks and Pursued Them
Beyond the River.
ATHENS, Grekck, April 23.— Official re
port! of the defense made April 20 by the
Greeks on tlie bridge over the river Ana,
which divides Greece from Turkey, show
i they conducted themselves with tbe (
I greatest valor. Three times the enemy
advanced to the bridge, only to meet a
murderous lira. The Turks did not get
farther than the center of the bridge, at
which powit their commander was shot
dead.
In the afternoon the Turks made an
other assault, but the Greeks were then
sheltered la the trenches ana repulsed
them. The Greeks crossed the river near
Koniena, three miles from its mouth,
where the current is rapid and the water
deep. They nailed planks across barrels
and threw them overboard, forming an
excellent bridge. Arriving on the other
side, they found tLe Turks some distance
from the river entrenched upon the plain.
The Greeks shelled the Turks out. The
Turks retreated and formed in several j
other positions, but were invariably dis
lodged.
Stories of Mussulman atrocities are cur
reni in Arta. One eye-witnebs says a j
number of Christian women, captives of \
the Turks, were marched in front of the!
Turkish lines in the hope their country
men would not tire.
NOT FIT FOR SERVICE.
Return of the Turkish Fleet Ba
cause the Captains Ware Afraid
to Go to Sea.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, April 23.
The captains of the vessels comprising
the Turkish fleet in the Dardanelles have
presented to the Navy Department a rouud
robin declaring that they are convinced of
the uu fitness of ail the ships for active
service, and in consequence the vessels
were ordered to return to Constantinople
singly in order that it might not attract
public attention. This order has been
carried out.
BOMBARDING TOWNS.
Cruise of the Creek Squadron Along
the Albanian Coast on the
Way to Salonlca.
ATHENS, Greece, April 23.— The Greek
Western squadron, consisting of a cruiser
and three gunboats, left Corfu, bound
northward, with orders to bombard the
Albanian coast towns as far as Aolona,
the principal port on the west coast of
Albania, having 6000 inhabitants.
The fleet has already bombarded the
town of Agioi Saranta. AH the buildings
were destroyed, excepting the Austrian
Agency.
A (f.ispatch from the commander of a
Greek ironclad, in the squadron in the
Gulf of Salonica, says the warships have
captured the town of Katerina. The
Greeks destroyed large quantities of sup
plies destined for Elassona, Upon re
turning to Flatomona the squadron
shelled the town of Litokharion. The
Turks detached a force of 8000 to prevent
the Greeks from landing. The squadron
also captured three Turkish vessels laden
with wheat.
LONDON, Eng., April 23.— The Daily
News correspondent in Salouica says il is
reported the Greek squadron is outside in
the k vi lf, but i: cannot be authenticated.
It is believed, however, the Greek Eastern
tquadron is under orders to attack Sa
lonica.
ONLY A RELIGIOUS WAR.
Already Egypt Is Contributing, and
the Mecca Appeals to India
to Aid the Sultan.
LONDON, Ekg., April 23.— The Con
stantinople correspondent of the Speaker,
who is high in authority on the subject.
and cognizant of the inside workings at
embassies, writing on April 19, says:
"If there i> war to-day in Thessaly it is
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
. simply because the concert of Europe have
taken sides with Turkey and E.ven the
Sultan to understand be can hare as free
a hand in Greece as Armenia. The Sultan
was not much inclined to t:ike chances of
war, and it is believed bere lha: Germany
influenced him to take the final steo.
\ Other powers advised peace, bin assured
i him Europe would not intervene in aid of
Greece. Even now the war might be
stopped, but no power honestly wishes it
"Salisbury preferred to let things drift,
with ihevaguo idea that war would be
better than nothing and something would
come which would end the long and
wearisome period of fruitless negotia
tions. He hoped the Turns might pos
sibly be beaten and the Sultan be beaten
into submission, and that «yon if Victori
ous he would come out of the war in a
condition of helpless bankruptcy, too
weak to resist the powers.
"The Turkish armies ought to be in
Athens within a month. For the Turks
this is strictly a religious war. They are
full of fanaticism and drunk with tn*
blood of Armenians. The idea that the
Sultan, even if he should be victorious,
will come out of the war rather than abdi
cate comes from a mistaken view of his
character and policy. It does not follow
from his fear of assassination and appar
ent vacillation in dealing witu Embassa
dors that he is a weak man without a
fixed policy. On the contrary, he it a
very strong man, with the indomitable
purpose to restore the power and glory of
the Caliphat. The success of this war
will mat • him more defiant than ever.
It will arouse the courage and fanaticism
of Moslems throughout the world. Al
ready Egypt is contributing for the war
against the infidel, and the Mecca has ap
pealed to India to come to the Sultan's
aid."
REED REFUSES.
The Speaker Will Not Let Maglur*
Present Resolutions Expressing
Sympathy for Greece.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 23.-
Speaker Reed refused to-day to permit
the resolutions presented by Representa
tive Maguire, extending sympathy to the
Greeks, to come before the House. The
Californian, to secure immediate action,
asked Reed to recognize him for unani
mous consent to take up the resolutions.
"1 cannot assume the responsibility of
permittins these resolutions to come up,"
replied Reed. "They meddle in affairs
that do not belong to us. This country
got one severe slap from Bismarck tor
meddling, and I do not propose to lay it
open to a second."
Maguire was hnally compelled to intro
duce the resolutions in the regular way,
which means the shelving of them until
the Committee on Foreign Affairs is ap
pointed.
Are thfl Powers Allies?
LONDON, Eng., Apxil 23.— A dispatch
from Canea says a Greek officer to-day
brought a dispatch from Colonel Vatsos,
commander of the Greek army occupying
the island, addressed to the admirals of
the foreign fleets inquiring whether the
Dowers were allies of Turkey. Vassos add
ed that he had received orders to attack
the Ottoman troors in the island. What
reply the admirals made is not known.
Wou'd Not Stop a Yankee.
LONDON, Eng., April 23.— Gladstone,
in conversation with a cal.er yesterday on
the Eastern situation, said he hoped some
Yankee skipper would run a cargo into •
Cretan port. lie imagined, he said, the
blockading squadron in Cretan waters
would not dare to atop him.2
SPEAKER REED'S
RULINGS ALL GO
Bland Appeals in Vain,
for Members Sustain
the Chair.
Senate Amendments on the
Indian Appropriation Bill
Not Approved.
Virtually Adjourned for Ten Days,
Pending: a Consideration of
the Tariff.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 23.— Bland,
with his Pacific railroad resolution, was
a^ain to-day ths means of uniting all op
position in the House to the ruiins by the
Speaker. The scene was in a degree a re
petition of those violent controversies
which raged in the Fif y-rirst and Fifty
second Congresses. The row began im
mediately after the prayer of the cnap
lain and the reading or the journal, when
Bland got the floor to offer a resolution
relating to the Union Pacific Railroad.
Dingley suggested it was not a matter
of privilege; that under the guiso of a
lesolution of inquiry Bland was calling
for information on questions of law from
the Attorney-General.
To a question of the Speaker Bland said
he reeardea the motion as privileged for
the reason that there were no committees
to which it could go, wich would be the
ordinary course. The Speaker overruled
the point. Bland appealed and wanted a
debate, but Dingley objected and moved
to lay tbe appeal on the table. A de
sultory debate c sued, in which Bland,
Bailey and Dingley participated.
The SpeaKer took a band, statins that
the resolution, by the statements of Bland
and Baiiey, was more than a resolution
of inquiry, hence it had loot any privi
leged character it may hava had.
Bartholdi (R.) of M ssouri demanded a
vote on Duigley's motion to iay the ap
peal on the table. This brought Bailey
and Bland and Richardson of Tennessee
to their feet in opposition. Richardson
asked ihe Speaker if he held, when Bland
appealed from the decision of the chair
and sought the floor for the purpose of
discussing that appeal, that any member
might move to lay the appeal on the
table.
"The chair has so ruled," Baid Reed.
He said the appeal from the chair's de
cision could be discussed by a vote of the
House defeating a motion to Jay the ap
l eal on tne table. "If the House does
not wish to bear debate it need not. Tbe
House is not at the mercy of individual
members."
Bland and Richardson attempted to
proceed, but the Speaker peremptorily
cut them off, saying he must decdne to
entertain further debate. The question
was then put, Richardson shouting, "It
was never done in this House before."
Dingley's motion to lay the appeal oa the
table was agreed to on a division of tue
House— 97 to 83.
The Democrats demanded the ayes and
noes ana secured a rollcall. Tne pairs
cut down the record of the vote to 78 ayes
and 75 noes, 22 members being recorded
''present." So the appeal was tabled.
A message was received from the Senate
announcing the passage of the bank
ruptcy biiL
Oa motion of Robinson (D.) of Indiana
Bland, the present Democratic repre«ent
ative of the longest service in the House,
was added to the committee to attend the
funeral of Holcan.
At the suggestion of Dingley, who ex
plained tnat the Senate had made the
same arrangement, it was agreed tbat the
House adjourn at the close of to-day's
session until Monday, then -cntil Thurs
day and again to Monday, May 3, no busi
ness to ba transacted, practically a ten
day adjonrnmant.
A reso.ution offered by Dalzell of Penn
sylvania was adopted, authorizing the
Speaker to appoint a committee of twenty
five members, himself at the head, to rep
resent the House at the Grant monument
services.
The House then went into committee
of the whole and resnmed consideration
of the Senate amendments to the Indian
appropriation bill. The amendment pro
viding for the opening of the ITncom
pahgre Reservation in Utah and limiting
to five acres any claim taken by one per
son upon gilsonite or asphalt deposits was
discussed. Shafroth of Colorado related
Dis experience in laying a pavement in
Denver oi the material from this deposit.
It proved to be of no value ir>r paving
and he believed the value of the deposits
had been greatly exaggerated.
Dingley urged the riou-e to adopt tne
policy of leasing lands on a royalty, the
deposits estimated to be 23,000,000 tons,
which should yield the Government a
revenue of nearly $40,000,000. The Senate
amendment was non-concirred in, the
committee recommending the House to
instruct the conferees to insist upon the
proposition to lease the lands.
A lively controversy ensued over the
Senate amendment relating to the lease of
oil lands in ;h» Seneca reservation. It
was finally agreed to non-concur.
Tne Mil was then reported to the House,
only one of the important amendments
having been adopted. The action of the
committee of the whole wa.< approved and
the bill was sent to conference on the
amendments disagreed to. The conference
committee was uninstructed about the
gilsonite amendment.
The Speaker announced the committee
to attend the Grant monument dedica
tion. He appointed C. W. Stone of Penn
sylvania Speaker pro tern. next week. The
House then adjourned.
HAWAIIAN MlXlSZiilt SEWAJjL.
Bis Appointment Vi'ived With favor by
the Annexationists.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 23.— The
Star says: The appointment o! Harold
M. Sewall of Maine to be Minister to
Hawaii is regarded as having an impor
tant bearing on the question of annexa
tion. While Mr. Sewail, who is at
present in Washington, will not discuss
the subject at ibit time, it is well under
stood that be is in sympathy with the
annexationists. Mr. Sewall baa talked
over the whole qcestion with the Secre
tary of State and thoroughly understands
the attitude of the administration toward
Hawaii. The appointment, being made
at thia time, is regarded as an indication
that the Hawaiian question is at present
under serious consideration, and the
selection of Mr. Sewall teems indicative
of the administration's policy, which will
be a reversal 01 the blundering policy of
Mr. Cleveland.
Mr. .Sewall is quiie familiar with the
situation of the Pacific Wanda, lie was
Consul at Apia. Samoa, and spent some
lime at Honolulu in 1887, stopping there
on his way to Apia at tbe request of
A a sistait Secretary of State Porter. Dur
ing the pait ten voars he has spent con
siderable time in Hawaii, and has made a
study of the people and their condition 15 ,
both under tne monarchy and since the
establishment of the Republic. His ex
tensive and influential acquaintance there
will serve him well in his rresent mission.
OFFICIAL PRtCLDENCE.
Point Raised by Sir Jul an Pauncefote /s
Sustained— A Back S*at tor the
Vies- President.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 23.— 1t was
officially announced to-day that the fric
tion over the question of diplomatic and
Vice- Presidential precedence has been
amicabiy adjusted on tiie lines indicated
in The Call to-day. Another phase of
tbe issue has also been settled satisfac
torily. This concerned the method of
transporting the diplomatic corps from
Washington to New York. At first it was
intended that the President, tb« Cabinet
and four Embacsadors should travel on
one train, and the Vice-President, foreign
Ministers and other members of the diplo
matic corps on another. The new arrange
ment ia tbat the entire diplomatic corps
shall make the journey with th* Presi
dent. This separation of tlie President
and Vice-President Is not arranged as a
concession to official etiquette, but roerelv
aa a precautionary measure, shoald acci
dent befail either train, thnt both Presi
dent and Vice-President will not be im
periled at the same time.
It was learned to-day that Bayard, at
the instance of ex-Secretary Olney, had
investigated the practice of foreign courts
wiih regard to otlioial proced nee. Bayard
reported that Embassaaors invariably rank
next to royalty at functions. Bayard
explained that he had been given pre
cedence over Salisbury and the entire
British Cabinet. This issue has always
been evaded here. The Vice-President has
never attended diplomatic dinners at the
Whit© Honse, and Embassadors have not
been invited to break bread with ihe Presi
dent when the Vice-President vaspre-tent.
At these dinners tne Secretary of State
comes behind the Embassadors and ahead
of the Ministers— a sort of a diplomatic
sandwich.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Da Young Does Not Want the Belgian
Mission — Forecast Station for Los
Ang?fes — Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 23.— The
Call prediction that If. H. de Young was
doomed to disappointment in his ambition
to be Minister to Belg ura was confirmed
to-day when the President nominated
Bellamy Storer of Cincinnati, Ohio. Mr.
Storer is an ex- Congressman, a wealthy
gentleman and in every way quaified for
the mission. It is said that Mr. de Young
will now try ana go to Rus3ia. Mr. de
Young may ieceive some recognition, but
he must not aspire to a foreign mission ot
first or second class.
Through the influence of Senator Per
kins a weather forecast station will soon
be established a: Los Angeles. This has
long bee:i desired by the citrus fruit
growers and other horticulturists of
Southern California.
Pacific coa-t pensions have been issued
asfoilo.vs: California, original— Allen S.
Wisner, West Butte; Thomas bhielda,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles; Henry
Koenip, Rodeo; Granville M. Lewis, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles. Additional —
Eleazer Mattoon, fcoiith Pasadena; Ben
jamin P. Land, Los Angeles. Increase —
Johann Richard O:iert, San Francisco.
Oregon, original— David Ash, Corvalhs.
Washington, original— A lam C. Brown,
Friday Harbor; Samuel C. Hyde. WilDur.
Increase— Philan :er Skillman, Olympia;
William P. Gould, Snokane; John McSor
ley, Olympia; Mary B. Houghton, Seattle.
CBKDIT liCR lit: TRIES.
The Aeu> Congressman 3far;rs an Effort
for the DlgQtr Indiana.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 23.-The
passage through the House of the Senate
amendment appropriating $3090 for the
benefit of the Digger Indian reservation
in Amador County is due to Congressman
De Vries. Senator Perkins had secured
its insertion in the Senate bill, but the
House Committee on Indian Affairs was
opposed to it and Chairman Snerman of
that committee movnd the non-concur
rence of the House.
Immediately Congressman De Vries
moved a substitute >o concur and ad
dressed tne House at length in support of
his substitute. He pointed out that
5-0,000 had already been appropriated and
exoended for this purpose and that with
out this $3900 the benefits of tne former
appropriation would ba lost; that the
Diggers were a dependent tribe and as
such were especially meritorious objects
of Governmental bounty, and supported
his contention by a letter of recommend
ation from the actinz Secretary oi Indian
Affairs. The substitute of Mr. De Vries
was then adopted.
A.H3IOR-PIBHCIAG rRuJECTIL, ts
Highly bucctuful Trttt by Experts of
the Ordnance department.
WASHINGTON, D. C., April 23.-Ord
nance experts held an important test at
the Indian Head naval station to-day, at
which it was proved that the new cap de
vice fixed to the point of armor-piercing
projectiles will vastly increase their pene
trating powers and render a shot from a
six-inch rifle almost as effective against
steel plates as those from a gujof an inch
higher caliber. At the test to-day a six
inch shot passed through a plate whicu
under old conditions would not have been
pierced with an eigbi-inch shot. Under
a velocity of 1950 feet a second the six
inch shell went clean through fcix-inch
steel without scratching the shell and
leaving a clean-cut hole in the plate. The
ten insures the acceptance of a large lot
of projectiles.
pjtooHßtss or itie tajiiff bili..
Will I'robnbhf Be Rr ported to the Senate
»art Thunday.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 23.-Tho
present arrangement of the Republican
members of the Finance Committee is to
report the tariff bill to the Senate on
Thursday. Whether the measure will b*
reported to the full committee is uncer
tain, but it Is likely that it will be infor
mally presented and a vote taken on the
question of reporting it to the Senate
without allowing an examination of the
bill. This would prevent any endeavor to
amend or cause delay. Judging trom this
decision of tue Republican sub-committee
it is probable that Jones of Nevada, who
holds the balance oi power in the Finance
Committee, has given assurance that he
will vote to report the bill.
TO BE ASSISTANT PREMIER.
j Judge T)ay Will Aot Go at Commit
«ioH«r to Cuba.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 23.— Judge
William Day of Canton win on Monday be
appointed Assistant Secretary of State.
The President decided it would be not
wise to appoint his own choice, ex-Repre
sentative Bellamy Storer of Cincinnati, in
view of the determination of Foraker to
oppose the confirmation. It is under
stood that Storer himself relieved the
President's embarrassment by withdraw
ing- He will be appointed Minister to
Belgium. Judge Day said to-day that be
will not to to Cuoa. His successor as
Special Commissioner is unnamed yet.
• — # — *■
The Star to-day is a very live issue. Read It
Price, 5 cents. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1897.
IMPATIENT FOR
BETTER TIMES
People Who Cannot
Wait for the Tide
of Prosperity.
Dingley Explains the Business
Stagnation of the
Country.
Enormous Importations While the
Tariff Bill Is Still Under
Dscussion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April
bers of Congress are receiving letters from
various parts of the country indicating
impatience because the prosperity which
was promised as a result of the election
of a Republican Congress and President
has not already made itself apparent.
The Call correspondent had a talk with
Mr. Dingley to-nigh«, who said:
"I do not think it possible that any con
siderable number of the people of the
United State* have any such thought. Of
course the enemy is doing what it can to
foster that idea, but it ia so entirely un
reasonable that I cannot believe that any
body who gives the matter a moment's
thought can suppose it justifiable.
"What has been done? To be sure the
people deposited their ballots in favor of
the Repui lican party and its protective
theory in November; the President whom
they elected has been inaugurated and
one branch ol Congress has passed the
tariS bi!l. But that cannot possibly have
any effect in the way of improving the
situation, so far as relates to the manu
facturins industries of the country or the
other industries which would be affected
by tneir improvement."
"Feather the reverse, would it not?"
asked The Call correspondent.
"Momentarily, ye?. The fact that a new
tariff measure is pending and tbat it pro
poses to increase the ratps of duty on
many articles has the effect of tempo
rarily unsettling the business operations
of the manufacturers. Prices are baseu,
of course, to a certain extent upon those
named by foreign manufacturers who in
vade the market, and our own manufac
turers are uncertain as to what they will
themselves have to pay for such raw ma
terial as they will import for use in their
manufacturing after the new law goes
into effect. In that particular, at least,
the tendency of a new tariff law unsettles
the business operations of the manufac
turers in thi.« country and makes it. im
possible for them to make contracts or
push their business. The greatest injury
to their business, however, lies in the fact
that such enormous quantities of foreign
goods are being imported and forced upon
the market.
"Of course I do not mean that the moral
effect of the election which insured the
stability of our currency and assured the
people that they are to have the protec
tion which once gave them prosperity,
fa. led to have an immediate effect in
seme degree. I think it is generally con
ceded that business did improve and has
improved since this assurance was given ;
but it is not reasonable to suppose tnat
the improvement resulting from increased
manufactures and the consequentfy in
creased business for those affected by
their activity can be felt before the bill be
comes a law, or even immediately after
ward. Improvement in business always
comes slowly. A business depression
may occur in a day, but improvement
never comes suddenly. Certainly it can
not be expected that it wiil be so in this
case when it is remembered that practi
cally a year's stock of goods will have
been -brought into the country from
abroad before the tariff bill become, a
law."
"A year's stock, Mr. Dingley?"
"In many cases, at least, yes. That
may seem like a broad assertion, but very
few people realize, I think, the enormous
quantity of goods now being brought in
and which have come in in the past few
months. The customs receipts upon duti
able goods alone have doubled, and if you
will examine the reports of importations
of non-dutiab.e goods you will find that
they have increased enormously. I ob
serve by a paragraph in a recent number
of a Boston paper that fourteen vessels
iaden with wool arriveti in that city in
one day last week. When you remember
that the bili has yet to be considered by
the full Senate committee, by the Senate,
wbere there is unlimited debate, and by
a conference committee, it i« apparent
that weeks and probably months must
vet elapse before it gets upon the statute
books and into operation. I hope, how
ever, to see it a law by July 1. During all
this meantime I suppose the flood of for
ei n importations wili continue to a
greater or less extent, as many of the im>
porters had ordered goods prior to April
1, and will continue 10 bring them in.
This is especially trne nith reference to
wool, which is imported in great quanti
ties at this season of the year.
"These facts," continued Mr. Dingley in
conclusion, "ought to show the people
who slop to consider them the impossi
biiiiy of business improvement so far as re
lates to increased activity in manufactur
ing and its reflex influences upon other
lines of business until the new measure is
not only upon the statute-books, but; has
bad time to make itsell felt and time li
given for the abt-orption of the enormous
quantity of foreign goods now being forced
upon the market. I believe the people
will see prosperity when the bill has had
time to produce its natural effect, but it is
not reasonable to assume that it could ac
complish these results in advance of its
existence as a law, or even in the first few
weeks or months of its operation."
SEX ATE CU.U iJ 1 1 t.t. VJ.CAXCIES.
■Republican* Agree to the Tertnt of the
< < -nthin-d Opposition.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 23. -The
Republican Senators to-day adopted in
caucus the agreement reached by their
steering committee with the opposition
for filing the vacancies now existing in
the committees. It Is practically the plan
presented by the Democratic-Populist-Sil
ver Republican combination, the mem
bers of which nre elated at forcing the Re
publicans to accept their terms. On the
other hand the Republicans are not dis
posed to view the plan with disfavor, for
they argue that the opposition, having
forty-seven votes to their forty-two, could
tate the committees entirely.
By the agreement Republicans will sit
at the heads of lorty committees, or two
more than thf-y now have, but will not,
owing to the defection of Silver Republi
cans since the last arrangement of the
committees, control a majority of the
committees on a vote. The vacancies are
to be tilled by members of the same party
as ti:e former occupants. The only ad
vantage, in addition to the gain of tbe
two chairmanships, is the increase of one
Republican in the Committee on Post
offices, wnich will give them control of
that committee independently of Senator
Butler.
The Republicans also took steps to se
cure a division of the patronage of the
Senate by appointing McMillin, Lodge
and Spooner a committee to confer with
the Democrats.
COMMUTE* VACANCIES.
■ ■ ' ■ I
Senator* Trying to Get Together and '
Settle the Matter.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 23.—
executive session of the Senate Thursday
lasted an hour and a half. It was de'
voted almost entirely to a discussion of
the question of filling committee vacan
cies.
Allen followed up his resolution, previ
ously offered in open session, to suspend
all business until vacancies are filled, by
proposing a- conference of all panics on
the subject. As this was unfavorably re
coived ue gave notice that he would press
the resolution to a vote, if possible, next
Monday.
The Democrats again insisted on hold
ing up nominations of postmasters. As
all these number upward of 100, the pres
sure therefore may have had something
to do with the revival of interest amoug
Republicans in the agreement reached by
their steering committee w.th the Demo
crats in the matter of rilling vacancies,
and upon which no action was taßen by
the Republican caucus last week. Notices'
were sent out to-day lor another caucus
to-morrow, when it is thought an agree
ment will be reached.
THE BUS mi: a > JSsURRECTIOX.
iierolH'io!iit(» Have Gained JPoiMewion
of luro Important fla ens.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 23.—Be
lated information about the revolution
ary outbreak in Honduras reached the
State Department to-day in a telegram
from United States Minister Coxe. Tue
dispatch Baid the insurrection had been
started Saturday last on the North Coast
of Honduras under the rumored leader
ship of Enrique Sato, and Vasquez, the
former president, and that the revolution
ists had gained possession of Puerto
Cortez and Pedro Sula. .
Three thousand troops have been sent
by the Government to put down the in
surrectionists who believed the number
to be not more than 500. Arrests of im
portant suspects have been made at
I Tegucigalpa.
2O HEDCrt- SALARIES.
Texas Representative Introduce* a Bill
to Dlncourag* Office- Seeker §.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April23.—Repre
sentative Lenahan of Texas has introduced
a bill "To decrease Federal salaries and
discourage the office-seeking industry of
! the United States. ' The preamble avers
i that the "compensation of Government
employes is abnormal, inducing an un
seemly race to secure offices. Therefore
the salaries of all Government officials,
where not otherwise provided for in the
constitution, are to be reduced one-third,
and all supernumerary employes dis
missed."
To Fight Gra**ho»pers in Argentine.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 23.—Pro
fessor Lawrence Brmnerof t .c University
of Michigan will sail for Argentine to
morrow to fight grasshoppers. For sev
eral years the>e insect* nave been a pe«t
to the farmers of Argentine, and the syn
dicate which has employed Brumer has
aetermined to rid the country of them.
Brumer is one of the most noted ornitholo
gists and entomologists in the country.
He distinguished himself during the
grasshopper plague in this country in
1875-73.
/ 1 ■'/■ .».' r>iic"i Mtir term Acquitted.
Washington*, d. c, Apni 23.— a
report frorr the Consul at Erzeroum, Ar
menia, received to-day the Armenians
and Kurds accused of murdering Frank
Lenz, the bicyclist, while making a tour
of the world, nave been acquitted. Some
time aeo, wnen the accused were released
on bail, they tied, and the trial was con
ducied without tUera.
Queen Lit (Jo m to *eu> Xork.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 23— Ex-
Queen Liuoukaiani will be in New York
April 27, bat will not take part in the
Grant ceremonies. Shp will leave Wash
ineton next Monday. (^ lartera have been
engaged for her at'the Aibeniarle, where
she will remain until April 50, when she
intends returning to Washington.
Command *r Mutlan't Can*.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 23.—Com
mander Denis W. Mullan. U. S. N., visited
The Call's Washington office to-night.
He says he does, not expect a decision in
his case for a weefc or ;en days.
B-ardxl'r'* t.eli-f.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 23.-The
orders directing Rear Admiral Beardslee's
detachment from the Pacific Station have
been moUihed so he will not be relieved
until July.
To Reinitiate ititmtsted Official*.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 23.—
Senator Wellington ha- introduced a bill to
reinstate iv the civil service all tnose who
have been without cause dismissed.
John P. I ■<■!. -..in Confirmed.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 23 —The
Senate has confirmed the nomination
of John P. Jackson Collector of Customs
lor Ban Francisco.
-*•> laL.A..sO COUXXT.
Britisher* Who Oven It 3tuit A'oto Pay
Tare* to Michigan.
HOTJGHTON, Mich., April 23.—Gov
vernor Pingree has signed the bill annex
ins; I«le Royale County to the county
of Kewenaw. The entire island is owned,
with the exception ol a few hundred acres,
by an English syndicate, and since the
disorganization of the county there have
been no taxes to pay for a dozen years.
The Britishers will now be compelled to
contribute to the State's support.
IlORi: BOM Mi 3IIBSI\G.
Illinois Vnirernitit Begin* Suit Against
Sptildintj and Sontttnten.
CHICAGO, 111., April 23.— The Uni
versity of Illinois has brought suit in the
Circuit Court against ex-Treasurer Spald
ing and bondsmen for the recovery, of
$600,000, the amount alleged to have been
stolen by him while also acting as presi
dent of the dofunct Globe Savings Bink.
It was ascertained to-night that $5000 of
Macoupin County bonds belonging to the
university are also missing. •
BATTLE IIUYAJ. IN V JUG IMA.
Sire .Voom/iiii"! Are Killed and Three
Citizen* Woundea.
MIDDLESBOKO, Ky., April 23,— There
was a pitched battle in Buchanan County,'
Va., last night between seven moonshiners
and ten citizens, in which five of the
moonshiners were killed and three of the
citizens wounded, one fatally. The
moonshiners had been terrorizing the
district by committing a series of
burglaries.
CHEEKS LXAViAG CHICAGO.
Enthuilnttie E*eort to Their Country
men Returning to Ath*n*. '
CHICAGO, 111., April 23.— After hold
ing farewell services in their churcli this
afternoon the Greek population paraded
the streets to-night; then marched to the
depot as escort to over 200 of their coun
trymen who started for the fatherland to-"
night. To-morrow another party of about
200 will start for Greece. < -
THE BEGINNING
OF THEIR END
What an Agreement
Means to Five Civil
ized Tribes.
After Much Negotiations an
Understanding Is Finally
Reached.
Treaty Entered Into by the Dawes
Commission With the Choctaws
and Chlckasaws.
ATOKA, I. T., April 23 —To-day marked
the beginning of the end of five civilized
tribes in Indian Territory. The Dawes
commission, after four weeus of laborious
negotiation, reached an agreement with
the commission from the Choctaw and
Chickasaw nations. The ireaty was care
fully read in executive session and signed
by the Dawes commission and the Indian
chiefs and commissioners.
Tlie treaty provides that all lands within
Indian Territory belonging to the Choctaw
and Cbickasaw Indiana shall be allotted
to the member.', of said tril.es ao as to give
each member (except the Choctaw freed
men) an equal share, considering charac
ter and fertility of soil, location and
value. All lands set apart for townsites
and public buildings are to be reserved
and exempted from division. All coal and
asphalt deposits are reserved for the sole
use of members of the tribes, exclusive of
freedmen.
Corporations or individuals desiring to
open coal or asphalt mines shall first pay
to the allottee or owner of the land the
value ol the use of the necessary surface
and damage to adjacent lands and im
provements, the damage to be ascertained
under the supervision of the Secretary of
the Interior. The Choctaw freedmen are
to receive forty acres of land each, to be
deducted from the Choctaw Nation prior
to Ihe allotment. In the appraisement of
lands the Choctaws and Chickasaws shall
each have a representative to co-operate
with the commissioner of the five tribes
or any one making the appraisement
under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior. Each member may select
an allotment from the land he now oc
cupies. All the lands allotted are to be
non-taxable while the title remains with
the allottee, but not to exceed twenty-one
7ears from the date of patent.
Such allottee is required to select 160
acres from his allotment, for which he
shall have a separate patcni and which
shall be inalienable for twenty-one year.*.
The remainder of the allotment may be
disposed of by the allottee, a fourth in one
year, a iourth in three years, and the bal
ance to be determined by respective acts
of Congress.
All the coal and asphalt lands shall be
the property of the two nations. The coal
royalty is to be 15 cents a ton, to ba paid
into the treasury of the United States. A
partial jurisdiction over the Indians is
conferred upon the United States court.
The present form of governmant is to con
tinue eight years.
it AH i. a jii;<;j_\A JO TALK.
The Irish Champion Expresse» Con
tempt /or Corbe t.
NEW YORK, N. V., Aoril 23.— Among
the hills of We-t Chester Peter Maher is
quietly getting himself into condition for
the proposed meeting with Sharkey.
Every mornins* tne Irish champion takes
a jaunt of twelve or fifteen miles at a good
swinging gait. He «aid to-day that he
wouldn't chaaenge Corbett if he defeated
tharkey.
**I ye tried to get a match with that fel
low four different times," said Maher,
"and he's squirmed out on each occasion.
Fin is quite riyht when he tells him to
get a reputation. What's he ever done?
He licked old John L. when any one in
good condition cuuld uave done the same
thing. Then he settled Mitchell, when an
ordinary plug could have knocsed the life
out of the Englishman. Corbett is a
tighter, I don't think. Why, Choynski
could do him up sure.' 1
THE WELEEL.h t;.\'S SECESSION.
President Potter Hay th« X. A. If. It
of Worrying.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 23.—Presi
dent Potter of the Laaguo of American
Wheelmen- declared to-day that the for
mation of an organization at Minneapolis
to join the United Wheelmen of America
does not worry the L. A. W. In talking
about the secession movement he criti
cized the wheelmen who are attempting
to take the control of racing from the
league. He alleges that the leaders of
Sunday racing plans are actuated solely
j through mercenary motives and that this
alone will disrupt the opposition or
ganization. He sees ho chance for the
L. A. W. to sanction Sunday races this
season. He has receive 1 a communica
tion from ii prominent rider in Ban Fran
cisco, who declares that Sunday bicycle
racing is not sanctioned In California.
An Oeert'ttid train Romance.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, April 23.— A
few days ago John Wa:te, a wealthy busi
ness man of Boston, left on a pleasure
trip through the South and West. At
Memphis his car was boarded by Louise
Saver, -ister of a wholesale grocer of this
city. The young couple struck up an ac
quaintance and when they reached here
th»y were engaged to be married. The
wedding occurred last night, after which
the couple left for California on a bridal
trip.
3!osby Badly Hurt by a runaway.
RICHMOND, Va., April 23.— Colonel
John 8. Mosby, the famous Confederate
raider, while out driving thi3 afternoon at
the University of Virginia, was badly
hurt in a runaway. His horse became
unmanageable, upsetting the carriage.
Mosby was thrown out, sustaining serious
injuries about the head, and he may lose
one eye.
On the Ka*t'm lUnmondt.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 23.—Phil
adelphia 12, New York 7.
BALTIMORE. Md., April 23—Balti
more 7. Boston jk
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 23.-Brook
lyn 8. Washington 7.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, April 23.—Cincin
nati 4, Chicago 3.
Fatal tight Oiteuttton.
CHICAGO, 111., April 23.— While dis
cussing the Carson fizut last night an
altercation took place between Lee Collins
and R. E. Keating, in which Collins was
struck on the head with a cudgel, fractur
ing his skull. He died soon after. Keat
ing was arrested.
To Review the Memorial Parade.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 23,-Mrs.
Jeff Davis and daughter Winnie will re
view the Grant memorial parade in com
pany with the widow and daughter of
General Grant. They come Jrom far-away
Beauvoir to show their gratitude to the
chief of the Union army, who dared to
become the champion of the leader of the
"L>st Cause" when all the world was
against him.
C II A X I.Li I .Mi: LOSES.
John Jteilly Aieardrd fart of His Claim
for Zerjal aerrice*.
NEW YORK. N. V., April 23.— Charles
Fair, son o! the former millionaire Sena
tor from Nevada, was defendant in n suit
for $650 brought in a city court to-day by
John Keiiiy, a lawyer. Fair was not
present, but his lawyers fought the case
fiercely. The ground for Ihe suit was laid
when in March, 1594, Fair was sned by
"Snapper" Garrison tor $1000 an! Reilly
defended him. Reilly says that Fair told
him he uad quarreled witn the executors
of his lather 8 estate, they only allowing
him $1000 a month. This, Fair said, was
not enuugh for his support, and he c«uJd
not pay Garrison's claim, but — uuid as
soon as he received his money irom the
estate. Reilly said that h* did all he was
askt-d to do, ana that the $600 sued for was
only just.
In defense Fair said that he had paid
Reihy $100 — ail his services were wortb.
He gave Reiliy $500 with which to settle
the Garrison claim, but Reilly had used
the money, compelling him to get an or
der from tue Supreme Court before he
could recover. Thus, Fair said, he nad
be n forced to pay out $1450 for the work
Reilly did — much more than the value of
Iteilly's services.
The jnry brought in a verdict awarding
Reilly $275.
AUBOB UAH O&SBHrAACE.
Many Tree* Planted by School Children
in the Eastern Cities-
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 23.— This
is tue second of the two Arbor days set
apart for observance this year by Gov
ernor Hastings. A large number of trees
ware planted by the scuooi children of this
city, each being named iv honor of some
distinguished citizen.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 23.— Governor
Bushnell's Arbor day proclamation is be
ing generally observed throughout the
State. In addition to the tree-planting,
many ot the scnools indulged in a literary
and musical programme.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 23.— T0-day's
celebration ot Arbor day is the fifteenth
in the history oi this State, lowa having
been the next State to Nebraska to estab
lish the observance. This- was in 1882, ten
years after J. Sterling Morton had en
gralted the idea upon the Legislature of
the neienbor State.
In lowa the law instructs the board of
directors in each diamct, township and
independent district to set out twelve or
more- shade trees on each schooihouse site.
SHOT IHE MOIORSIAIt.
Murderout Act of an Od Mnn W/iost
Kuggu To« Jiumpmd.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April IT,.— Because a
Market-street trolley car bumped into his
buggy this morning, Ira Stansbury, 77
years old, a jewe er, jumnad to his feet,
puiled a revolver and shot motorman J.
E. Thorp in the right thigh. Stansoury
was surrounded instantly by a mob, but
kept all at bay with his pistol. Court Clerk
Lally jumped into the bugsjy, took Starts
bury's revolver and drove him to the
station-house.
AXABCHI JilFB iy FRANCE.
President Faure't Police Escort Jl*kes
Important Arrmtt.
PARIS, Fkance, April 23.— The police
who have been accompanying President
Fame on bis tour of the province of Ven
dee arresteJ four anarchists at St. Nszir
to-day. Among their belongings were
found a quantity of papers, including
drawings oi a bomb. The capture caused
considerable excitement.
Shot )ar Killing Hi, R r other- in-J.ntr.
GUADALAJARA, Mexico, April 23 —
Jose Gutierrez wax legally shot to-day for
the murder of his brother-in-law, Jose
Bo bad ilia, a millionaire merchant of this
city. Tne crime, which was committed
three years ago, created a stir throughout
Mexico, owins: to the wealth and promi
nence of both parties.
Three A»tr irarihipi for Mexico
NEW YORK, N. Y\, April 23.— City of
Mexico advices have been received here
stating that tne Government Naval Com
mission which was secretly sent to Eng
land to purchase ibree warships has about
conirleted negotiations for tt.e vessels and
that the contract will be given to the
Armstrong Worts at Euswics.
Tri<-d to Kill Urujttny's President.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 23.-A
rtispaich from Montevideo states that a
IT-.t-ar-old student named Rebecca at
tempted to kill President Borda by shoot
ing at him in tfce street. Rebecca said
that be tried to kill Borda for the salva
tion of Uruguay.
Easy to say, but how shall I ■ .aJ^ C* " "
doit? mff% YoA
In the only common sense way ; ■■ ■ MI W £# Cm FIS
keep your head cool, your feet ' ■*^
warm and your blood rich and pure by J The intense misery caused by dysp-ptic
taking Hoods Sarsaparilla. Then all I troubles cannot be * described. Thedis-
your nerves, muscles, tissues and organs ! tress after eating, palpitation of the heart,
will be properly nourished. Hood's Sar- j inability to sleep and other symptoms us*
sapanllj builds up the system, creates an !up or "wear out so much bodily strength
appetite, tones the stomach and gives j that all ambition, energy and even hope
mental and digestive, strength. It is the ; seem lost. The toning and strength-giv-
people Spring. Medicine, has a larger ing qualities of Hood's Sarsaparilla are
sale and effects more cures than all others, j just what are needed in such cases as de-
The Best Spring Medicine. scribed in' Mrs. Smith's letter below:
"I have used Hood's Sarsaparilla as a " C " L HooD & Co -» Lowell, Mass,
tonic and blood purifier for ten years. I "' have been run down in health for
use it principally in the spring, when I ! several years; was tired, languid and had
take two or three bottles in succession, ! little . or no ambit n - After eating I had
always with the most gratifying results! \ a f eel ' n ? of distress in my stomach like a'-
It builds up the system and improves the ! lump of lead - ' also suffered from pains
appetite, when one feels debilitated, and i in my torenead over the eyes and in the
it always mikes me: feel like a new man. | small of mv back -
I can conscientiously recommend Hood's Palpitation 'of the Heart L:.
Sarsaparilla as a tonic and blood purifier." Affected my sleep, and I was not able to
LOUIS RIPPLE, Deputy Sheriff, 318 In- j sleep on my left side. I had doctored and
diana street, Warsaw, Ind. . taken different preparations without re-
Builds Up the system. alizing any good. I had read of how
\"I was all run down and my stomach "T? f rsapari ! la had heI P ed many, -
would bloat at times until I could Sly j f!? Th f "h 2 ™1° g ive * a triaL
breathe and my heart would almost stop > dc S to d ° ?' as the . stimonials of
beating. I doctored for a long time with, K e ? CaCy fITw ° convincing.^ Before ■
out much benefit, and finally i began tak- h fu c ° m le e d K the firSt °™* I began to
ing Hood's Sarsaparilla. lam now able fee! belter and the P™vement continued,
to sleep well and am better in every way." l Am Now Perf ectly Wen.
MARY E. LEE, box 172, West Concord, 'do not have any pains in my forehead or
Minn. ; back, arid am free from all palpitation of
Scrofula In its Worst Form. the neart ' so I can sleep- well on either
"Hood's Sarsaparilla has cured mv two w— My food does not distress me and I
daughters of scrofula in its wors^orm ?*& *" am ?° n S f*l°
We used six bottles. I have tried Hood's £k H«S> I *-5 Se ,Tt °
Sarsanari'lT mvc-if f rt r K'««^ a- a * take Hood s Sarsapan la, and think
Sind rlttTl r! t Rnd I there is nothin g that will compare with it."
stand ready to recommend it as the one MRS. MATILDA E. SMITH, 8 James St.,
true blood puntier." MRS. LIZZIE MO Saco, Me.
AVOY, 617 West Decatur st., Decatur, 111. | | N. B. Be sure to get Hood's, because
m SS • ■ " ESI BS |Tk
;■ Is the best Spring Medicine. Sold by all druggists. J
; I;' . $1 ; six for 55. C. I. HOOD & Co., Lowell, Mass.
EASIER FEELING
AT NEW ORLEANS
Carrollton Levee With
stands the Terrible
Strain.
A Warning by Engineers That
the Relief Is Merely
Temporary.
________
Bloodhounds on the Trail of a Man
Who Attempted to Cut
a Levee.
NEW ORLEANS. La., April 23.- There
1 was a feeling of utcurity here to-(lay in
j regard to the high water which has not
I been felt for weeKs past. All the boats on
the river have generally observed the fol
lowing warning:
Be it resolved by the Board of Commissioners
Of the Orleans L<svee District that, owing to the
present condition of the Mississippi River, all
owners and employes of steamships, steamboats
| and all other water craits are hereb> cautioned,
I under penalty of the most summary criminal
| proceedings, to proceed at the slowest possible
rate while navigating the Mississippi Kiver In
the levee district, owing to the damage to the
levee system aud damage arising from swells
created by atoresald crafts. This resolution to
be rigorously enforced.
Otto Thoman, President.
The levee at Carrollton is safe. The un
tiring diligence of those in charge of erect
ing the bulkheads that back the levee at
Carroliton has been rewarded, and the resi
dents of that locality went calmly to their
beds last night without the fear of waking
up somewhere dowu about their offices in
the morning ruling upon the crest of a
Mississippi River wave.
The stationary condition of the Missis
sippi encouraged every one, until the en
gineers gave warning to-day that the
relief was merely temporary. The Biggs
crevesse is now rilling up theTensas basin
of Louisiana. It will take ten days to do
this, after which all the crevasse water
will return to the Mississippi. The engi
neers predict over twenty feet at New Or
leans, perhaps twenty-one — more than
three feet higher than ever before known.
They are afraid that the levees will not be
able to stand this.
Owing to the report that a secret expe
dition was afoot to cut the levees a mob
started out last night and found a man
attempting to cut the levee at Point
Courtviile. Though fired upon he escaped.
The guards at the Woodland plantation,
the site of the famous Bonnet Carre cre
vasse, routed a prowler at daybreak to-day.
He dropped, in his flight, several sticks of
dynamite and fuse. Bloodhounds were
put on his trail.
O A H.A. a HOW OB JiJiJSD.-
Great Croxedt Attend, and, a Parade Set -
urn} Miles Long.
OMAHA, Nebr., April 23.— Thousand!
ol people from lowa and Nebraska
crowded into Oma.-a Thursday to partici
pate in the inaugural ceremonies of the
trans-Mississippi exposition. About 75,000
people witnessed the . exercises at the
grounds. ' v. '' -,
The parade, which wai several mile*
long, was composed of- officials of the ex
position, and State, city, civic and mill*
tnrv :&n:zations. Mayor Broatch, State
officials and Hon. J. Sterling Morton de
livered addresses. " -■ '
Hon. W. J. Bryan was to have spoken,
out illness prevented him.
A. SISTZR GCM BO AT.
The A*ic Annapoli* Exceeded Contract
Requirement* On Her Trial.
NEW YORK, 2f. V.. April 23.— The new
gunboat Annapolis returned last night
from ber trial trip. An average speed of
12 knots per hour in a four hoars' run
was required, but she made 13.43 knots.
Where 800 horsepower was required, she
had developed an average of 1250. Bhe
exceeded the contract requirements ia
every condition where there was a margin
of possible improvement. 7!H>"
She is a sister ship to those now build
ing in San Francisco.GENERAL GOMEZ
DEFIES SPAIN
With a Vast Army She
Cannot Crush Poor
Cuba.
An Interesting Statement Is
sued by the Commander
of the Patriots.
An Unequal Struggle That Will
Soon Terminate In Favor
of the Oppressed.
A RAN JO, Cuba, April 12.— General
Gomez is encamped here with 2500 men,
ISOO of whom are cavalry. For nearly a
month he has been moving around these
hills and the estates of La Reforms and
Juan Griollo in an area of twenty square
miles. One Spanish column after another
has been outwitted, but all the efforts of
Weyler to make him retire to the trocha
with a view to catching him between two
tires have failed. Several times when the
Spaniards thought they were following
Gomez, pressing him to the trocha, Gomez
fired on their rear guard. Yet all the time
the Spanish reeulars in the small area de
scribed have numbered fully 40.000. The
excu«e of the Spaniards that Gomez could
escape only because his whole force was
cavalry and theirs infantry cannot be used
now, as tho Spanish columns operating
against Gomez have more than 1500 cav
alry. Gomez yesterday made the follow- ;
ing statements, which were carefully re
vised by him:
"The Spaniards accuse us of cowardice,
when there is not a single day on which
important fights do not occur in all the
six provinces into which they divide the
island. Their columns are constantly
harassed, checked and obliged to abandon
marches. It is enough to take, any day,
copies of their newspapers published in
Havana. At least twelve engagements a
day is reported by them with artillery
fire, and in many cases desperate hand-to
hand fighting in others, and an aver
age of 100 men killed. In the two
years of war 36,500 men have been
killed on both sides, according to Spanish
reports, and as we have not submitted
and won't submit, how can it be honestly
believed the Cuban army does not like
righting?
"We have routed the Spaniards in sev
eral pitched battles. Spain, after such
disastrous defeats, sent 170,000 more men
against us. She conld because she had a
population of 17,000,000 and all the facilities
of a nation which does not fear any at
tack of steamers, as a Cuban warship
would be regarded as a pirate and its crew
hantred if caught by naval officers of any
of those powerful nations which claim to
pive guarantees of justice and liberty on
earth. Seeing how things stood I changed
my plans. Without a constant and
powerful supply of arms and ammunition
from abroad the Cuban army could not be
re-enforced. I was compelled to dismiss
more than 10,000 Cubans willing to fight
for their country, but without arms.
•I kept, therefore, only the best-armea
men in our army and began that terrible
warfare which is exhausting the resources
of Spain and annihilatine her soldiers.
Whenever a Spanish column passes it is
hara«?ed without cessation. The Span
ish soldier is hunted as a wild beast Each
shot of the Cubans is aimed at a particular
man in the Spanish lines. Their big
masses are useless against this mode of
warfare. The more there are the more we
chastise them. Fifty Cubans can in this
way make havoc among 5000 Spaniaids.
The Spanish always enter towns leaving
behind on the roads a trail of dead. Thus
they are reduced and made desperate.
When I find a good strategical position to
meet them in open battle, if they do not
receive re-enforcements of several thou
sands, they have to flee before the swift
Cuban onslaught.
"Naturally, Weyler would like me to
risk in a single battle the future of Cuba,
he at the head of 100.000, I with 10,000 or
12,000; be with the best munitions of war,
I with scarcely ten shots for each man.
No courage and no science would be
needed to defeat me under such circum
stances. The cause of Cuba would be
ruined on the day I risked such a conflict,
and Spanish tyranny would continue in
this island. We are fighting against su
perior odds, deserted by all the world, we
standing alone against a European power.
As we are resolved to die or be free, we
must be cool and brave, because salTatlon
rests on our own resources only.
"The Spr.nish army in Cuba is the most
powerful European army whicn ever
fought on American soil, but even if we
cannot destroy it in one day we will
eventually. That end is near. Spain,
bleeding and penniless, cannot keep up
the war a year more. She has no re
sources and we are finally resolved to stay
In the field to tbe bitter end. Spain lies
to the foreign bankers from whom she
asks money, lies to the American Govern
ment to prevent the recognition of the
Cuban republic. We do not lie and do
not need to. Convinced that our fate de
pends upon our own efforts we let the
lects sneak for us, and the facts are that
in two years Spain has >had an armr of
212,000 airainst us and spent more than
$200,000,000; and, though Weyler de
scribes me defeated, I am still here as
hopeful as ever."
J8 RIYF.KA JtJEAJtT
The Gallant Cuban Leader Said to Have
F.xp\red,
NEW YORK, N. V., April 23.—Lieu
tenant Ramon Navarra of the Spanish
cruiser Infanta Isabel, which has arrived
to participate in the Grant day exercises,
made 'his remarkable statement to-day:
"Ruiz Rivera is dead of his wounds. It
is a weil-known fact that he never reached
Havana alive, and at the time of our de
KEW TO-DAY.
It is no Astonishing
that each year adds to the __ . .
wide reputation Dr. Miles' WOflfltf^f*
New System of Restorative ''VIIUV/l
Remedies have attained, when each of the
thousands that have been cured of repeated
and prolonged attack* of headache, neuralgia,
ileepleEsnesß, nervous prostration, loss of
appetite, hysteria, epilepsy or any of the
hundreds of ills growing out of a derangement
of the nervous system,, tell their neighbors
_^ _ #- ' m that the cure wns ef-
flf* rVlll£*^ ft-cted and health re.
1/1 . 1T111C79 stored by
Sold by all diuggists ai - ■;•**■
.•n guarantee to t,en^- l\\ g\ f+\J jf| g\
Hi. Book on heart |I CI Vlliv>«
and nerves sent free.
SSL MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkbatt, lad. (
parture all of the island was talking
aboat it. We heard the news through
a rumor going around the town just be
fore we sailed, and I am sure it is the
truth. One of the last things be d.d -vas
to thank the doctors and nurses for their
care. He lefi $500 in gold to be given to
wounded Spanistt soldiers. 11
Lieutenant Navarra said that Weyler
would not be removed, as he was nghting
the rebels better than any other Spanish
General had done. The failure of tue
Spanish to capture the filibusters was due,
he said, to their remaining oulside the
three-mile limit until opportunity was
presented for them to aneak into uc
guarded parts of the coast.
Rehel* Jtloic Cp  Train-
HAVANA, Cuba, April £!. — A train was
blown up Tuesday near Arternisal by the
forces of the Cuban general, Castillo
Several Spanish soldiers were killed and
others made prisoners. Castillo sent a
letter to Weyler in wliich he said the train
was bluwo up to prove that the province
of Havana was not pacified. "Before de
claring tuin province pacified," the letter
concluded, "you must conquer 10,000 well
armed insurgents in it."
May attack liarana.
MOBILE. Ala., April 23.— A letter from
the London Chronicle's Cuban corre
spondent, dated Dolos Lumas, April 19,
says there is great activity in the insur
gents'camp, wuich leads to the belief that
the Cubans are preparing for an attack
upon Havana. War councils are held
daily. Chiefs are constantly studying the
maps of Havana and Mntanzas provnees.
FAILED TO >/>/> TB.H RULLET.
Lexington Police Officer buffering Jt'rotn
an X- Ray h.rper\*nmt.
LEXINGTON, Ky., April 23.—Lieuten
ant John lackson, the giant of the Lex
ington police force, is suffering from an
aggravated cape of dermatitis as a result
of exposure to X-rays, which he underwent
in the hope of locating a bullet. The first
exposure, twenty days ago, lasted fifteen
minutes. The second exposure, made a
few days later, was for the same length of
tim j . On April 3 the third exposure was
made with a large plate covering nearly
the entire chest, about eight inches irom
it. This exposure lasted half an hour. A
few days after the last exposure the skin
on the chest became inflamed. This in
flammation extended to the neck, face,
mouth, right eye and scalp, with the re
sult that the hair is falling out and the
beard ceasing to grow. Nearly half of his
mustache has fallen out. The bullet has
not yet been located.
For fire- C*nt Farm.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ixp , April 23.— Judge
Showalter of the United States Circuit
Court to-day granted the Citizens' Street
Railway an injunction to prevent the
operation of the 3-cent fare law which ba««
been in effect the past few days on all
lines. The 5-cent fara will be restored
pending the final test of the legislative
act involved. General Harrison appeared
for the company.
&turderou* .let* of an Embezzler.
CHICAGO, Cal., Aprir.'3.— Rather than
suffer arrest on a charge of embezzling
$2500, D. W. Braunschweig, confidential
clerk and collector for Jonn R. Rapp,
wholesale liquor dealer at 576 Milwaukee
avenue, to-day shot and killed his employer
and immediately a;terward committed
suicide in Rapp's private office.
SAN JOSE'S FATAL FIGHT.
i Pugilist Semichy, Referee Johnson and
the Seconds Placed Under
Bonds.
SAN JOSE, Cat,., April '2.Z.— Matt ;
Semichy, who is accused of causing the
death of "Kid" Evans during the prize
fight on Wednesday evening, was arrais/Jied
before Justice Dwyer to-day on a charge
of manslaughter. His preliminary exami
nation on the charge is set for May 3.
Bail has been fixed at $5000, in default of
which Semichy is in the County Jail.
Harvey Johnson, tbe referee, and Gus
Meza, Tony Flores, Lou How and Charles
Garboni, seconds, were arraigned upon
charges of aiding and promoting the prize
fight. Johnson was released upon $500
bail and the others on $200 each. Their
examination was set lor May 4.
; The body of Frank Mannino. or "Kid"
Evans, as he was familiarly known, baa
been embalmed and will be shipped to
New Orleans, where he formerly resided.
As soon as his parents can dispose of their
property here, they will also return South.
B. U3I A A orniEit ACC US ED.
frank tlonton in Court on a Charge of
Subominrj Perjury.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 23.— Frank Don
son, an officer of the Humane Society,
who bas been prosecuting iiquor-dealars
for selling to minor*, has been arrested on
a charge of subornation of perjury. He is ,
accused of naving induced Adolph !
Paraeto, Levan Nicholson, Otto Kuhn and
Frank Silva, lour boys, to swear falsely at
the trial of Mrs. W. J. McGettlgan on the
charge of selling liquor to Levan Nichol
son, a minor. Mrs. McGettigan was ac
quitted. Justice Gass, before whom the
trial was held, ordered the arrest of Don
son and the boys, bui it was suDsequently
decided to let the latter go.
Donson was arraigned before Judge
Kirkpatrick to-day. His examination has
been set for April 28, with bail at $1000.
Aetr Trial for A.h Sing.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 23.— Ah Sing,
wbo was implicated in tbe killing of Ah
Wah and recently convicted of man
slaughter, was granted a new trial by
Judge Lorigan this afternoon. The court
held tUat the evidence was not sufficient
to warrant the jury in returning a verdict
of manslaughter. Ah Sing and two com
panions are accused of having held Ah
Wah while Ng Gong, who has never been
captured, did the shooting.
Co- Operative &tore at Stanford.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 23.— The Co
operative Association of Stanford Uni
versity has filed articles of incorporation
with the County Clerk. The object of the
organization is to carry on a general mer
cantile business for the accommodation
of the students and faculty. The follow
ing are named as directors: R. L. Green,
G. M. Richardson, H. H. Power, A. B.
Show and L. M. Hoskin-s, all of Stanford.
■BJ* Hill Obtervf. Sanitary Condition*.
SAN JObE, Cal., April 23.— L»r. J. J.
Miller, a member of the Board of Health,
and who is about to make au extensive
tour through Europe, has been authorized
to represent the board while abroad. H«
will investigate all matter* relating to
sewerage and civic hygiene which might
be considered of benefit or interest to
members or conducive to the welfare of
the city. He will atari in a few days.
Sent to an Industrial tiehool.
BAN JOSE, Cal., April 23.— Alphonse
Sagardia, a young Mexican who atole
seven head of cattle lrom T. M. Kenyon, a
rancher near Smiths Creek, was com
mitted to the industrial school at lone un
til he become* 21 years of age, by Judge
Lorigan, to-day. Sagardia is only J8 years
of acre. He pleaded guilty to a cuarge of
grand larceny.
Jiii/certfteld Attorney* Heath.
BAKKKSFIELD, Cal.. April 2.i. —
<jeorg,e C. Gori.am Jr. died at his home
in hs cty after a lon- oenod of enfeebled
health. He was A-i years of age. His body
will be shipped to San Francisco for inter
ment. The Superior Court adjourned out
of resptct to ihe deceased.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1897.
MIMIC WAR WITH
FRAGRANT BLOOMS
La Fiesta's Floral Pro
cession Attacked by
Spectators.
Flowers Their Missiles and
Boundless Praise Their
Slogans.
The Angelenos' Guests View a Mag
nificent Pageant on the
Water at Night.
LOS ANGELES, Cai,., April 23.—Cer
tainly the projectors of La Fiesta de Los
Angeles are deserving of a few bouquets j
themselves, amid the prodieal display of
these days. Beautiful and successful aa
have been the festiyals of the past, the
display of this year is as distinctly supe
rior to them as was that of last year over
the inexperienced attempt with which the
annual holiday was first inaugurated.
The spectacle at the tribunes this after
noon was worth crossing the continent to
see. Imagine a bank cf humanity— 2o,ooo
people — lined up on rising tiers of seats In
the form of an oval, with thousands of
flags and pennants flying above the upper
tier. At the iuwer or closed end of the
oval is the Queens throne, higher than
the rest, dressed in rich colors and pro
tected by a wide-spreading yellow pavil
ion, the royal party, in its bright and rich
costumes, occupying all the wide space
there reserved for it.
In this setting or framework of enthu
siastic and cheering people lies an im
mense arena rilled with a moving and
spirited panorama of floral color, decking
every description of vehicle, prancing
horses, uniformed drill corps on foot and
on horse, while the music of brass bands,
the blare of trumpets and throb ol drums
lend their spirit and charm.
That formed the body of the picture,
bat the accessories, the features leading
up to it, the opening act of the play, were
as charming in their delicacy as the latter
spectaclo was splendid in color and move
ment. The tribunes were entirely rilled,
i the framework of expectant humanity
rompleted, before the big central gates
were thrown open and the Americus Club,
i a regiment of well-drilled men in uni
i forms of white with yellow trimmings,
I and with band in like uniform, entered ai
I open order and marciied down the arena.
Every man carried, instead of a gun, a
I flag attached to a long pole. A stiff breeze
was blowing, and these flags, as did every
t l!i>,- and pennant about the ] lace, snapped
i merrily. They formed on both sides of a
j white muslin pathway that extended 100
! feet from the foot or the steps to the
| throne.
The royal party, in its plume-covered
equipage, made the circle of the arena,
receiving the plaudits of the multitude,
the Queen responding graciously to the
ovation. Then the Queen's carriage
i stopped at the extremity of the white
I pathway, the guard of honor presented
I arms and, led by the prune minister, the
! band playing a march, the Queen made
1 her slow, dignified way toward the throne,
and between the double tier of snapping
\ flags. Not until she was seated did the
; court ladies move.
Then they followed her, their groups of
pink and green and orange tinted silk
dresses being very effective as they came
down between the white uniforms and
lia^s and courtesied at the fool of the
throne.
The regiment in white then swung off,
j performed novae evolutions about the
arena and formed again to receive the gay
( chariot of the little 5-year-old floral queen
I with her retinue, escorted by human
bouquets. The little queen marched up
I the steps and was crowned and kissed Dy
j Queen Francesca. She was then seated in
i a chair ot roses, surrounded by her own
tiny court.
All being ready now the procession of
flower-bedecked vehicles was released and
began its riot of color and action. In this
regard the display was not superior to
what has been seen here, the improve
ment being in the arrangements for wit
nessing it.
The procession circled the arena twice,
passing first close to the tribunes and the
throne, and, having completed the cir
cuit, returned in the opposite direction on
Jan inner circle. This added greatly to the
j eenera: effect, rilling the whole arena with
] life and action and giving the spectators a
better chance to inspect and enjoy those
creations that struck the fancy.
During me whole procession a constant
and lively bombardment with flowers was
carried on between the people in the
tribunes and those in the vehicles, the
fragrant war being kept up to tbe music
of brass fcami-.
A great many novelties were introduced,
chlei of whicn were thp living bouquets
escorting the fl >ral Queen. Immense
bouquets of cut flowers were arranged of
paper, within the paper nandles of which
marched little urcains, who peeped
through holes provided for the purpose.
Ferd K. Rule, president of the Fiesta,
led the procession of vehicles. With his
wife he rode in a two-horse vehicle that
was resplendent with marigold yeliow.
Every part of the vehicle was hidden from
view. The harnesses of the horses were
covered with yeliow satin and the stream
ers and rosettes were o! u,e same color.
Mr. Rule wore a white costume. Mrs.
Rules costume was in white and yeiiow.
They were applauded continuously over
{he circuit and stormed with flowers.
Only the more conspicuous of the equip
ages in the long line may be mentioned
One of these was the tally ho of the Jona
than Club, upon which rode amove a
merry party Mr*. Mildred Howell Lewis,
Queen of the Fiesta of '96. The tallybo
was dressed in pink and white peas. Cap
tain Banning's Concord coach was the
vehicle employed to be the frarnewors for
this elaboration.
The entire conch was completely covered
with delicate fit wers. It was drawn by
six white horses, and their harnesses were
coversti with pink fichu. The animals
were also ornamented with pink ribbons
and rosettes that harmonized perfectly
with th»- coloring on the coach.
Mrs. Lewis, who sat at the rear corner,
was elaborately and becomingly cos-'
turned. The ex-maids of honor, who
formed her party, were eowned :n white
and carried pi nit parasols. Those on the
coach were: Mi«ise« Cora Goodrick, Ysi
dora Scott, Oljta Manx, Helen Klokke,
Hattie Kimball, Sarah Innes, Bessie Bon
salJ, Ida Menefe, Leila Fatrchild, Harriet
Smith, Hortense Levy. Lillian Wellborn,
Be.«sie Bryan. Helen Fuirchild, Dorothy
Wellborn and Arthur Braly.
The outriders rode wnite horses and
wore costumes of the time of Loui» XVI.
The uorans' bridles and saddles were done
in pink satin an i silver monograms. The
outriders were: T. E. Gibbon, Dr. Carl
Kurtz, W. T. Nicholson, Mr. Burt, Walter
Chanslor. C. H. Wyman, D. Sale A. J.
Waters, E. M. Burßoyne, L. J. C. Spru
ance. Hernlds carried pink and white
banners. Sixty thousand blossoms were
used in decorating this coach.
A glitnpsa of old-fashioned rural life,
with up-to-date embellivhrmnts, was viv
idly portrayed by a load of hay drawn by
four norst-s. The load from tlie harvest
field wa-s a creation in yellow mustard
blossoms. Seven charming haymakers,
with rakes on their shoulders and dressed
i« airy summer costume, were on the load.
The iadi'.-s who maile up this party were:
Mrs B. W. Pridtiam. falsa A. M. North,
Mis* Gsaca Evans, Mis* B^lle Godin, Miss
Fannie Brown, Mi -s Moncton and Miss
Cynthia Fay. Tbe outriders, with scythes
as emblems of their vocation, were cos
tumed to the occasion. They were: Messrs.
Pridham, Hammond. Gardner. Moncion,
Toberman and Dr. White. Four horses
drew the precious load.
Mi-s Mary Askew, principal of the short
hand department of tbe Los Angeles Busi
ness College, liad » float which represenied
the Hou-e of York. The flowers were
English ivy and white roses arranged in a
very artistic manner. The costumes were
in ke u ping with the period. Upon
this float were: Lyraan Trumhnll. jay
Anderson, Hector Boutiller, Miss Hernia
Packer, Miss Carrie Zurcher, Miss Julian
ett>» Webb and Miss Katherine Kendall.
The High School commercial course
float was made beautifu with wild mus
tard ar.d red geraniums and plenty of
ferns and emilax. The young ladies wore
white belts and hats — in harmony with
the decoration- of the float. They were:
Misses Wood, Young, Harvey, Wilraans,
Bar., Russell and Fairbanks. Messrs.
McGar.-y, Ryan, Danziger, Connell, New
hart, Miller ana Axlell accompanied
them.
A Grecian float was a conception by the
Los Angeles Business College. It repre
sented a Grecian temple of learning, and
about it were maidens in Greek costumes.
They wore white robes and made an
attractive appearance. The floral design
was in the wiiite and yellow margueriies,
with drapingsof smilax. The younp ladies
who aj^peared were: Misses Mary Dobin
smi. Eva Johnson, Muzette Young and
Mamie Goodwin. Professor I. N. Inskeep,
A. L. Hamil and L. A. Coburn also rode
on the ll at.
The commercial travelers had a float
representing the globe, the geographical
subdivisions being mapped in flowers of
different colors.
The float of the floral Queen was a study
in white and nink. Queen Sailie McFar
land presided over her little court with
the grace of a born princess. The maids
of honor were: Misses Josephine Gay,
Alice Cline, Mildred Burnett, Juliette
B>rden, Maria Louise Holliday, Margaret
Gilbert, Florence Newtuark, Tiflie Baruch,
Evelyn Morrill, Mary Rr-ir-ert, Eieanor
Emess, Edna New mark, V. Glenn Ed
wariis and Florence Wheeler. The little
driver, Keith Vosburc, was attired in har
mony wi;b the color effects of the float.
There were six-horse rius and four-horse
rigs and two-horse rigs and singles. There
were men and women, boys and girls on
horseback; there were tiny conies and big
horses, anil tin-re was the bicycle in all the
style? known to the trade and dressed in
fashions hitherto unheard of.
When the procession had made its
double circuit it was halted again, that the
prizes for the best decorations might be
awarded. The judges were: J. C. Kirk
patrick. San Francisco; R. S. Bettner,
Riverside; J. A. Thomson, San Francisco;
Barrett Eastman, Chicago; W. B. Wilcox,
United States navy; W. S. Newhall, San
Francisco; R. E. Miller, San Francisco;
D. R. Cameron. Chicago; C. A. Culver.
Oakland; T. S. Wotkyns, Troy, N. V., and
A. Gleason, Asbury Park, N. J. They
passed judgment as follows:
Tully-ho. eight horses— First prize, Jonathan
Club.
Floral fliats— First prize. Haymaker*' Club;
seeoud, « ommercial Travelers ; third, Los An
geles Business College.
Kour-in-haud coaches— First, Mutch, Young
1 <fc Fixen; Becoud, Dr. Elizabeth J. Pa.mer.
Novelty teams— First, Mrs. Theresa Sepul
! vedaof College Grove.
Two-horse ri^s— First, Mrs. Modlnl-Wood
| and Mrs. I'.ck; second, Robert M. Hariwell;
j third, Mr. Robinson.
jjix-tn-hanus— First, High School Club 1
i of l'a^ailcna; second, Throop School of I'asa
| dena; thud, Miss Orton's School of Pasa
dena.
One-horse rigs— Firfct, Mrs. O. P. Posey ; sec
ond. Miss Ltonuell of Garvanza; third, Mrs. A.
OUssell Jr. of Iropico.
Vil.age and dog carts— First, Frank C
Peters; second, A. I'esmond; third, \V. W.
Bleecker.
Ladies on horseback— First. Lila M. Dai
ry triple; second, Lizzie li. McMHian; third,
Flora Cochran.
Girls on ponies — First, Miss Kissler.
Hoys on ponies — First, Gerald Rule: second,
Albert H. Woollacoit; third, M. D. Mont
gomery.
Children's ri^s — First. Miss Florence Wood
head; becoud, Mrs. Droud; third, Oliver
Tutin.
I he flowers having gone their way and
the arena being cleared, tbe cabalieros
made a dashing entrance, riding at full
speed to within a few feet of the throne
and pulling up abruptly and saluting.
They then did some daredevl exhibition
riding, after which they formed and es
corted the floral queen and tbe fiesta
queen in their triumphal march at the
end of the parade through the city. Thus
ended the festival of the flowers.
CLIMAX IU A GALA DAI.
lie* ta Vltitor* J i-it- a Dazzling Spee
tarte on the Wat*r.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 23.— The
water carnival at We^tlake park this even
ing was a fitting climax to one of the most
successful d&ys of the fiesta. Thousands
of people lined the banks of the lake on
every side and cheered enthusiastically
each successive feature of the programme,
from the picturesque arrival of the queen
and her court at. 8:30 o'clock to the last
rocket, which was fired shortly after 10
o'clock.
A salute of twenty-one guns announced
the arrival of the royal party at the east
side of the park, escorted by the queen's
lancers. Here they embarked in a Vene
tian gondola beautifully illuminated, and
after making a detour of the lake were
sa'ely landed at the boathouse. The latter
itself presented a pretty spectacle, espe
cially when viewed from the center of tne
lake.
Its upper portion, originally a band
stand, provided ample accommodation
for the queen and court and was brilliant
ly illuminated with yellow, green and red
incandescent lights arranged symmetri
cally in pyramid form.
The waters of the Jake were dotted in
all directions with illuminated craft, and
the floats formerly used in the str-et pa
rade were placed on rafts and anchored in
th- center, their fantastic outlines ren
dered clear and distinct by an ingeniously
arranged system of lights. The lake thus
presented the appearance of an almost
limitless expanse of water, and the illu
sion was made still more complete when,
shortly after 9 o'clock, the pyrotechnic
display commenced.
Th is portion of the evening's entertain
me nt was goreeons and rffective to a de
gree. The display included a production
of the celebrated Wooded Island illumina
tion at the World's Fair. Six illuminated
balloons, thirty feet hign, were released
early in the evening and these were fol
lowed by volley* of rockets, shells and
parachutes. A fairy fountain played in
cessantly on the eastern side of the lake
and a splendid succession of water fire
works added to the magnificence of the
spectacle.
One of the most effective pieces of the
display was a cascade of liquid eoluer. fire
forty foot long and falling trom an eleva
tion onto the lake. A grand finale was
produced by the simultaneous dvcharga
of 150 variously colored rockets from dif
ferent points along the shore of the lake.
The Catalina band supplied appropriate
music during the evening and added
greatly to the enjoyment of the visitors.
The water carnival as a whole was pop
ularly voted one of the most imposing
features of the entire fiesta. The arrival
of her Majesty in particular suggested a
scene from a romantic opera, and when
subsequently she and her court ascended
to the roof of the bouthouse, where th"
whole scheme of color was exposed to the
vivid rays of hundreds of incandescent
lamps, the effect would have been well
worthy of reproduction at the hands of a
Titian or a Veronese. Every detail of this
elaborate function wns carried out with
out a sinele hitch of consequence, and now
Mr. Kirkland, the chairm.in of the water
varnival committee, is being universally
coneratulaied on th happy result of the
efforts of himself and his colleagues.
Read Howard V. Sutherland's wit and satire
lato-a»j'iStar. •
IDLE LABORERS
CAPTURE A TRAIN
Leffingwell's Army in
Possession of a
Freight.
Board the Cars at Lodi and
Are Finally Hauled to
Stockton.
Sheriff Cunningham Will Attempt
to Oust the Band This
Morning.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 23.— The army
of the unemployed has returned to Stock
ton. It had been in Lodi all day and de
spite the earnest efforts of the citizens of
ihat pl?ce to get the idle men to move
eastward they sturdily refused to do so.
At 10:30 o'clock this forenoon they seized
a freight tra n that pulled into Lodi, and
they are now on it. The men intend to
remain on this train until they are ar
rested or taken on to trie East, whither
they claim they want to go.
This afternoon a delegation of the citi
zens of .M>di waited upon the men and
offered to pay their fare on the evening
passenger '.rain as far as Galu This would
involve the expenditure of 30 cents per man,
but the leaders refused to accept t!ie gener
ous offer made by the Lodi peopl», as
Leader LelliiiKwell said that the men pro
posed to force the Southern Pacific Com
pany to transport them as far as its lines
went. He said that his men wanted to go
to the East, but when the people of Lodi
offered to help them par', of the way on
their journey their offer was refused.
Leflir.gwell was asked by The Call cor
respondent v.nat he proposed to ao, and
he said i hat every man had instructions
to remain on tbe freight train that had
been seized by the unemployed at Lodi,
and that they should stay by it until they
were arrested. Deputy Sheriff Wall tried
to convince him that he was doing wrong
in seizing a train, but Leflingwell would
not listen to argument and said that the
men wanted to be arrested. As Sheriff
Cunningham waa not here Wall did not
feel like arresting and throwing 250 men
on the county. Leffingwell and his fol
lowers admitted that they bad oeen made
a very fair offer by the citizens of Lodi.
The station agent received orders not to
move the train under any circumstances,
and the men decided to camp on the box
cars and the flatcars during the nieht
The citizens of Lodi talked of forming a
vigilance committee and forcing them to
leaye town, but later they decided to do
what' th y could toward feeding them.
Tney agreed that they did not want to
make the '250 men who bail captured the
freight train angry, and thus incite a riot,
so they provided enough provisions to
give each ot tuem a good meal to-night.
Just as tbe army was finishing its re
past an order was received from Lodi to
send the captured freight train with its
load back to Stockton. They reached
here shortly before 10 o'clock and hun
dreds of citizens were at the railway sta
tion to see what the men proposed to do.
Chief of Police Kingsbury and his force
were on bund, but the men said that they
intended to remain on board the cars and
carry out their determination to force the
Southern Pacific Company to carry them
eastward.
It is understood here that the train was
brought back to Stockton because of an
agreement that was reached this after
noon between the Southern Pacific of
ficials and Sheriff Cunningham, and thai
the latter will be here early to-morrow
morning on a freight train to make the
leaders of the unemployed abandon their
position or suffer the consequences.
Trouble is lookrd for, as the citizens will
not permit Leffingwell and bis followers
to dictate to them or to break the ordi
nances of this city.
BACK JO A MISSOURI PBISOX.
Embezzler Gordon Mnvt.t tr.nattcard
Wearing an Oregon Hoot.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 23. — After
three months of .wandering to keep out of
the way of the officers of the law Cadmus
0. Gordon started back fox bis old home
at Leeton, Mo., this morning with an Or
egon boot or. his leg. Ho is the youru
man who several days ago walked into
the Sheriff's office hungry and travel
worn and asked to be locked up. He told
ili" officers his name and the crime for
which he was wanted and, while they ac
commodatingly imprisoned him, they
were inclined to doubt his story until con
firmatory telegrams, were . received from
the East. Last evening Special Agent
Hartshorn of the American Express, for
which company Gordon was employed in
Missouri, arrived in this city and this I
morning he took the prisoner from the
County Jail and left with him for the
Ea*t. : \ •;;^;! £»;-;fr<.<
Gordon was station agent for the rail
mad ut Leeton, a small place where little
business was don»*. He was also ageut for
the American Express Company. The
two agencies paid him a fair salary, but
he led a fast life and found it necessary to
use part of the company's funds to pay
his bills. He has a wife and two children.
GAXN iy J \JI AT 81OVK1OX.
Deter t/d Big Wife and Family for Hit
Sister-in- I.ate.
STOCKTON. Cal., April 23.— 1. W.
Gann, who lefl his wife and family penni
loss and ran away to Woodland with his
sister-in-law, was arraigned in Justice
Parker's court yesterday. The strap
ping rancher walked into the courtroom
without the little formality of removing
his hat. When he was told to stand up to
hear the charge against him he still
neglected the little formality.
'"Take off your hat, whispered Deputy
Sheriff Wall.
He pulled the tile from his bead and
listened to the charge with an expression
of indifference. When asked if he de-ired
any w messes to be present he said he
mgbt want Mrs. Gann, but he did not say
whether he wanted his wife or his sister
in-law.
His bail was fixed at $3000, and being
unable to supply ii he was remanded into
custouy.
RALLY .4 1 &TA.XMORI*.
Parting Send' Off to the Palo Alto
Ath'et** anil 7>*bnt«rt.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
23. — A grand rally was held in the chapel
this evening to make th • final arrange
ments before the intercollegiate field day
and debate to-morrow nnu inve the team
an enthusiastic send-off. Dr. Jordan, Dr.
Ros«, Prolessor Latbrop, Dr. Wood, Pro
fessor Brunn and several of the leading
students at Stanford addressed the meet
ing. President Jordan, when called upon,
said:
"There is something better than victory
in any contest, no matter which side is
victorious. It is that the spirit of fair
ploy characterize the whole performance.
I tmiik that spirit has entered into all of
the contents thus far. Stanford has al
ways 'stood together' in any contest.
There is always good team work, and
many of our victories were due to the fact
that t be students stand as one."
Then he mentioned by name two
students who have had charge of many of
the^affairs of the student body this year as
deserving of spfci.ii notice.
Dr. Ross, who assisted in preparing the
debating t?am. said he thought Stanford
ha! a winning team this year. They had
worked faithfully &nd weie strong de
baters.
CROPS IN NEED OF RAIN.
Sught Damage Dene in Some Sections
by the Recent Warm
Winds.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 23.— For the
past two days a heavy north wind has pre
vailed in ail parts of this county. It will
not affect the grain on the islands so
much as in the uplands, where there is not
so much moisture. The crops in this
county are iarger than they have been in
years. The acreage sown is greaier, and
thus far the yield is above any previous
year. Especially is this so on Roberts Isl
and and Union Island, where a large acre
age has been planted and where the re
sults have been gratifying. It the high
win. l is followed by light warm showers
no damage will result to the crops on the
uplands.
FRESNO, Cal., April 23.— The hot spell
of the past few days, together with dry
winds from the north which have pre
vailed at times, has had a serious effect on
the crowing grain in this county. A
shower would have made the yield a
heavy one, but now it appears that it will
be light. The season had been a most
propitious one until the warm weather set
in and dried up the soil. The damage
varies in different sections and is probably
htavier on the west side of the valley.
HOLLISTKK, Cal., April 23.— The north
winds have not reached this valley to a
great extent. Crops are looking well and
only a few showers neetied to make a great
harvest. In the southern part of the
county crops have suffered from the late
hot spell. Wild feed is about gone in that
locality. Hay cutting has commenced.
Tue crop will be large.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 23.— From
reports received from various portions of
Sacramento County, it seems that the
north wind has as yet had but very little
effect on the grain crop. There are places
i on the higher plum land where the wind
{ has so evaporated th* moisture that the
grain is yellowing, but much of the grain
land throughout this county requires only
a few late rains to produce a good yield.
COLUSA, Cal., April 23.— The "severe
norther that hus been blowing down the
Sacramento Valley during the past few
days has had a blighting effect on the
growing grain, especially that late sown,
which oh account of the very dry condi
tion of the ground in many places has not
sprouted. Should the wind continue a few
days more not more than two-thirds of a
crop will be realized. Tne wind has also
caused considerable fruit — especially the
apricots — to drop, and the apricot crop in
this section will be very light.
SAN BERNARDINO PASTOR'S FEE.
Rev. Dr. Frost Rewarded With $5 arid a
Beer Check for Presiding at a
Wedding.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal.. April 23.—
Dr. J. A. Frost, a local Baptist minister,
has in his possension as unique a marriage
fee perhaps as it has been the lot of a man
of the cloth to receive.
Last Saturday night he was called upon
to perform a marriage ceremony for Floyd
G. Kirlain and Lora
Dodson. At the ap
pointed time he was
on hand and after in
specting the necessary
document, obtained
from the County
Clerk, he proceeded to
tie the Knot in his pe
culiar off-handed man
ner.
The ceremony over,
the groom invited the doctor to indnlge ia
a glass of wine, and wh'le toasting the
event he slipped into the reverend gentle
man's hand two shining pieces of metal
that he had unearthed from his vest
pocket. The parson, without looking,
passed them into the outer recesses of his
own capacious garment (the doctor is 6
feet 6 inches high and weighs 350 pounds),
and after wishing the bride and groom the
longest ana happiest of lives, took his de
parture.
Arriving at his home the doctor pro
ceeded to see what was the net result of
his labors and sought his gold pieces. Im
agine his surprise when he brought forth
one shining $5 gold piece and a beer check
which the groom had gathered in his trav
els during the day.
The doctor was dumfounded. In vain
he searched for the other gold piece, but it
did not appear. The true state of affairs
finally dawned upon him, and settling
himself in his lar^e chair he Droke forth
in peals of laughter that aroused the
neighbors and his own household, to
whom he told the story and shr wed the
bit of gilded brass. In response to a ques
tion what he would do with it he an
swered that at the next meeting of the
Southern California Anti-Saloon League,
of w huh he is president, he intended to ex
hibit it as the most remarkable wedding
fee ever obtained by a minister in the
world.
AGNEWS ASYLUM CHANGES.
F. It. Sponogle Succeeds Dr. Hatch
as Medical Superintendent of
the Institution.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 23.— Dr. ¥. W.
Hatch, who Das been medical director of
Agnews Insane Asylum for seven years,
has beer) appointed by Governor Budd
general superintendent on me State
Lunacy Commission, with supervision
over the five asylums, or State hospitals,
as they are calltd under the new law
creating the commission.
A special meeting of the Board of Man
agers of the State Hospital at Agnews was
held this eveninp, at which a medical su
perintendent was elected to succeed Dr.
Hatch and several appointments were con
firmed.
The resignation of Dr. Hatch was read
and accepted, but the latter action was
NEW TO-DAY.
Quality Teas,
Quality Coffees,
Quality Spices,
Quality Extracts,
Quality Baking Powder
AT
Great American Importina Tea Ct
MONEY SAVING STORES:
Operating ioo Stores
That's why QUALITY
is our stronghold.
140 Sixth st. 325 Hayes st.
965 Market st. 2008 Fillmore st.
146 Ninth st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
617 Kearny st. 2510 Mission st.
1419 Polk st. 521 Montgomery aye.
218 Third st. 1130 Kentucky st.,
3285 Mission st. Potrero.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, 616 E. Twelfth st
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park st.
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. F . j
with expressions of regret on the part of
each member of the board.
Dr. F. M. Sponogle, who has been serv
ing as first assistant, was elected medical
superintendent at At;news to succeed Dr.
Hatch.
Under the new law the appointment of
all asylum employes rests with the medi
cal superintendent and Dr. Spunogle an
nounced tlie appointment of Dr. Stock
ins;, who has been second assistant, to be
first assistant and Dr. J. T. Cryatol of
Santa Cruz as second assistant.
HAS THE DIAMOND STILL
For the Second Tme Assemblyman Croat
/s Robbed, but Again He Cap
tures the Thief.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., April 23.—As
semblyman John Cross had a second
chase alter his $300 diamond shirt stud
last niirht. The Assemblyman was watch
ing the parade on First street, near Broad
way, when he was "touched." ue had
lost the diamond the day before in a simi
lar manner, but recovered it from the
thief through tenacious sprinting.
Last night the thief nipped the sparkler
and disappeared before Captain Cross re
alized what had occurred. After a time
he spotted the man who he believed had
robbed him. Tuis individual Cross
ctmrged with the theft. The fallow denied
the charge, but Cross insisted. Then'the
stranger pleaded that if permitted to talk
to hU wife in a Hill-street lodging-house,
he would procure tho diamond irom a
confederate. Cross consented, remaining
downstairs while the thief went upstair?.
The latter sought to escape from a rear
exit and Mrs. Cross saw him. She raised
an alarm and Captain Cross started in
pursuit. lie followed the thief on and off
a traction car and finally caught up with
him. He recovered his diamond once
more, bat for bow long cannot be pro
dieted.
DROWNED IN SALT RIVER.
Seven Lives Lost Within Three Weeks at
a Treacherous Ford Near
PI (B nix.
PHCENIX, Ariz, April 21— la three
weeks the Salt River has claimed seven
victims. The last three were John Skel
ton, a bricklayer; Miss May Murrill and
an unknown man. They were seen to at
tempt to ford the river near Phoenix a few
days ago. The current was strong and
deep, and the watchers on shore saw the
waizon tip over and precipitate its occu
pants into the water. The body of tha
unknown man was recovered. He and
his companions were on their way to Sil
ver City. The bodies of May Murritl and
the stranger have not bnen recovered, but
several persons at different points are
searching for them.
These seven casualties in three weeks
have again aroused public interest in the
old question of a bridge across Salt River
at Phcenix. For several months both
fording and ferrying have been either im
possible or very dangerous.
HAVE KVT HO Lit 18.8 I.l^E.
Citl*en*' Traction Company of San Diego
tittnin* lit Jiailica'f.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., April 23.— A stery
was published in an evening paper to-day
stating that the City Traction Company's
street railway line had been sold to A. B.
Spreckeis and consolidated with the San
Diego Electric Railway. A Call corre
spondent to-night saw Receiver A. D.
Norman of the Citizens' Traction Com
pany, who said:
"The Associated Press correspondent
sent the report out without consulting
me. The facts are that the Citizens' Trac
tion road is in excellent condition, and
the bondholders have no intention of sell
ing the line at present. I consider the
property one of the best in the country,
and worth to-day $100,000, or $30,000 more
; than the present owners paid tor it. 1 '
NEW TO-DAY.
________________
FOR
WHEELMEN
ONLY
And Only
At Our
Store.
Bicycle Reinforced Seats,
D 7. Golf and Strap
rants. Bottoms and Flap
Pockets $1.00
Worth $3^4, and $$.
BICVCIe cotcn anc * Ameri-
c ,^_ can Tweeds,
otlltS. Cheviots and Cor-
duroys. . . . .$4.50 to $7.50
Worth double.
STORE OPEN TILL 10 TO-NIGHT.
BROWN^^
'Wholesale Manufacturers
Props. Oregon City Woolen Mill*
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
121-123 SANSOME STREET.
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis.
ALL BLUE SIGNS
0000000000000
AN EXCELLENT
If "C A T Properly prepared and
I I/I l""\ AY I promptly served, can
i¥JJ —" *.*-*• always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the TVA T A /^"P
Most Popular PALAGE
Dining Apart- *- il.l^nVjJU
Kent in town, tsemmßßßameamEmammam
0000000000000
DR.MCNULTY.
T^HrS'.VEr.L-KN'OWN AND RKLIABI.E OU.
.1 Specialist ctrrrs Private,Nervous,Bloodatul Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
daily ; 6:3o to B.3o ev'cs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Cail or address
_■. ROSCOE MeSUITT. M. »..
26V Kfarny Slrr«-I. San I'rnnriix'o. C»l.
Q OhUIMMWa KnsU.li DiMMBd Krsatf. •
fENNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
•^Ttw Original «nd Only (tcnulne. A
fit «v\ ••re, ti»«ji re!l»bl». ' LADIES uk /S\
AJiJ*MM t>f»CKlrt for Ckirfttiteri MnqlUh DlaAm\
r^PyatKhmond Brand la Ked Mid Cold metallic vVHT
a T-^IH I1 ""' te»l»d with blu. rihtxm. Take VST
I*l THI 11 " oshari. Htfuti A»n<7«-in« tvhitiet- V
I / fW tUnu and mituton*. At <rMSid4a>
IS Jf 'V.."* m P* tor jwtUiMlwt, tntiEMßlai* art
\F O " .lUUef fbr Ladlea," M Mir, by nttm
■V _^r MaU. ■ 10,000 TutlaooUU. Km ra*m.
Ml W tf bml firaauifc jr^T^^FMiaSlß
■■ •. • ■■■■ • ■ . ■ .■•.■_■>
34
WENT TO DEATH
WITHOUT A FEAR
Murderer Frank Kloss
Executed at San
Quentin.
With Firm Step and Calm
Demeanor He Mounts
the Gallows.
His One Request Is That the Story
That He Abusort His Mother
Be Dented.
IBAN QUENTIN, Cai», April 28.— Frank
C. K!oss, the murderer of William F.
Deady. went to h\> death to-dny on the
gallows without uttering a word in ac
knowledgment of toe crime charged
against, him.
Promptly at 10:30 o'clock this morning
the prisoner was brought from the con
demned cell through tbe passageway lead- j
ing into the executicn-room. Father La
pan of San Rafael led the way, and Kloss
marched between two guards. He mount
ed the stairs leading to the sallows with a
lima step, his left hand sliding along the
railing. Not a trace oi fear was exhibited
in his conduct as he took his position on
the trap. Suddenly ho recognized an ac
quaintance among the spectators assem
bled about the gallows, and leaning for
ward he bowed his recognition. The same
cool, indifferent air which ne had exhib- ;
iied since his conviction and imprison- !
ment remained with him until the last.
Father Lagan faced the spectators, about
forty being present, and said that Klofs '
had requested him to say a few words. It !
was the dying request of the man, de- j
clared the prinst. that he wished to deny \
the story published In n San Francisco !
morning paper to the effect that he had I
treated his poor old mother brutally and;
cursed her when she came to see him at i
tbe prison.
When Father Lagan closed his remarks i
the noose was placed about the condemned
man's neck by AjbOs l.unt, when the pris
oner turned to him and, in an undertone, j
said: "Do a cood job." Tuese were the
la?t words he uttered upon earth. The
black cap was pulled over his head ; Lv nt
tightened the rope about his neck and ',
gave the sisrnal. The trap flew open and !
K'oss dropped to the end of the rope. His
neck was broken by the fail. Twelve mm- i
utes later Dr. Lav-lor declared him to be '
dead.
When Warden Hale went into the con
demned ceil at 10 o'clock in the mornine
to read the death warrant he found Kloss
with Father Lagan. Warden Hale in
formed him of the mission ho vras about
to perform, when Kioss said that he knew
vrhat he was to beexecuted for and waived
the formality, saying that he would rather
orend the time with the priest. The
warden withdrew.
Last night the condemned man, after
writing a letter to his brother, retired at
about 11 o'clock. He awoke at :; o'clock j
in the morning and asked the death- !
watch what time it was. Then for a half!
hour he engaged in conversation with \
Guard Jones and toid him much ot his
t>«st life. At G:2O he arose ami asked tht
guard for his best suit of clothes. They
fitted him perfectly, a fact which plea-eJ
him creatly. His hat he requested the I
guard ;o deliver to his bro:her. Ha ate
breakfast and took a stimulant and sa.d
to the cuara that he intended to mount
the gallows like a brave man. At no
time had he exhibited the white feather,
and alter bidding the deathwatch good-by !
he prepared for his de*th.
Frank C. Kloss wa? convicted of the |
murder of WiJlidm P. Dftady in a Hhv s i
Va;lev saloon in ifan Francisco in 18%. ;
Kloss was under the influence of liquor I
and when he entered the saloon ho found
his victim lyinc asleep in a chair with his
head thrown back and a tempting array j
of throat displayed. The evening before j
the men had engaged in an altercation. '
When K.oss went over to the sleeping !
man he shook him by the shoulder, but
J>esdy did not awaken. Kloss shook'him
toe second time with the same result,
when with an oath he ur< w a knife and
slashed the throat of his victim. It was a j
cowardly, cold-blooded murder, but Kloss
t ontended that it was committed by him
in self-defense.
It is said that Kloss made the state
ment tnat Durrant confessed to him the
murders of BJancbe La.mont and Minnie !
Williams while tha tv.o were confined in '
the County Jail in S.in Francisco. This I
story is not considered true. It is be- j
lieved that Kloss made uu the yarn in j
order to get even with Durrant for some
trouble which the two had in the County i
Jail. They had been enemies and those
in close touch with both oay.tnat Durrant
would never have se ected Kloss as a con- '
f.dant if he intended to confess.
HAZGEIi AT JTKXDAT RARHOR.
farmer Straub Krrcxit-d. for the Kiliiny
of a y*ighbor.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 23.— H. H.
Etraub was hanged at Friday Harbor
in Island Connty this afternoon, about 1
o'clock. When at the last moment he
was informed that the Governor had re
fused to interfere, the condemned man
could scarcely atand for the adjustment of
the black cap. His neck was broken by
the fall.
Straub murdered Leon Lanterman, a
Blakely Island farmer, on August 30, 1895.
The trouble grew out of matters pertain
ing to the public school lands of the
island. According to the evidence Straub
lay in wait for his victim, and after the
■ hooting of Lanterman took to the woods,
vowing he would never be taken alive.
Sever*! days la;ar he surrendered to a
Sheriff's posse. Many of his neighbors on
the island believe that Lanterman was not !
the first man he had murdered.
StrauD had a brother and sister livin™ at
Coupeville, Wash., who did all in their
power to save him. Governor Rozers an
nounced that he would not commute the
sentence or interfere in any other way,
except upon the recommendation of the
Judge who presided and the State's At
torney conducting the case. These offi
cials declined to yield, giving it as their
opinion that the man had been accorded a
fair and impartial trial.
TACOMA Oll:L'S » \*.\Di£ Hl.\ OS.
Strong* Conduct of a Minister's You n(r
J'aurjhter .
TACOMA, Wash., April 23,-Jessie
Scudder. the 13-year-old daughter of
Rev. Mr. Scudder, pastor of the Fir.*t Con
gregational Church, started for the Emer
son School, two blocks away from her
home, today and that was the last seen of
her until late to-night, when she was
found wanderibg along the railroad track
to Steilacoom, some nve miles from the
city. Her absence caused great alarm
and the police and cquads of citizens
formed searching parties. She could give
no explanation lor her wandering away
and was well-nigh exhausted when found!
c Skeleton Found Skear Collage Grorr.
COTTAGE GROVE. On., April 23.—
The skeleton of John En-ing was found
yesterday near Rons' sawmill, fourteen
miles from here. About s;.\ years ago this
summer he disappeared under suspicions
circumstances. Ho took his gun one
forenoon and went hunting and was never
beard from again. About one hundted
men hunted Jor him a week, but could
and no trace oi him. The skeleton was
Found by the sith of a log and was cov
ered witQ brush. It was identified by his
KUn and the amount of money he was
known tv have had on his person. '1 he
general supposition is that he was mar
(iercd, as he had some trouble with per
sons living near where he was found.
SAM DIEGANS REFUTE A RUMOR.
Ridicule the Report That Jesse Grant
Received Money From the Grant
Memorial Committee.
SAN* DIFAiO, Cat.., April 23.— The dis
patch sei;t on; from Now York on Wednes
day nicnt, to tne effect that Jesse Grant
had requested tne Grant memorial com
mittee to send $l">0 to defray his expenses
to the memorial services attending the
dedication of the Grant monument, was
read here to-day aud soon the story was
general on the street-. Unusual interest
was taken in tee report, because this city
is the home of Mr. Grant and family, and,
while no one believed the story, there was
considerable curiosity to learn from what
«ource it emanated. Judge George Pater
bangh, who is a close personal friend of Mr.
Grunt ns well as a business associate, was
seen this evening and asked concerning
the dispatch.
"The Etory." said Judge Puierbaugh,
"is Utterly ridiculous, and while on ac
count of Mr. Grant's absence, 1 cannot
positively deny it, 1 would be perfectly
willing to bet a million do'lnrs to a cent,
and offer to give back the cent if I won,
that there is not a scintilla of truth in it.
In the first place Mr. Grant left San Di
ego lor Mexice on an important business
trip over three weeks ago and has not yet
returned. In tbe second place, if he had
•ranted $150, which be did not, there are
fifty men in this city who would ha 76
been glad to let him bave it for as long a
time as lie wanted it. In the third place,
if he were 'hard up' and needed the
money for the trip, he would certainly
have tried to get enoueh to pay at least
some considerable part of his expenses.
"Mrs. Grant and the two daughters —
one of them. Miss Nellie, a young lady of
17 years — left for New York on the limited
Tuesday morning. The railroad fere alone
for the party, including sleeping accom
modations, will be over jfttOO. The bonnets
of the ladies cost more than (180. Non
sense! The story is absurd. If Mrs.
(•rant needed money she could have got
it from her father, Hon. W. 8. Chapman
of San Francisco, or Mrs. I*. S. Grant or
U. B. Grant Jr., ora score ot others, with
out making public the matter at all.
"There are only two ways to account
for the story. Either it was *«?nt out by
some correspondent who was misinformed
or inspired by some animus, or else there
if a frrain of foundation in the possible
fact that Genera: Porter might have wired
him $!,7) as a compliment of the commit
tee. Bat Jesse Grant is too generous to
be mean and 100 much of a gentleman to
ask nny one to help him in the way indi
cated."
lion. A. J. O'Connor, rrceiver of the
Consolidated National Bank, and a close
acquaintance ol Grant's, says the siory is
silly and confirms Judge Puterbaugn's
remarks. The same answer w«s made by
Judge J. Wade McDcnali and others.
AN OUTCAST PORTLAND SPORT.
Sandy 0 ds. Three Sentenced to Death
for Murder, Is Driven Out of
British Columbia.
PORTLAND, Or., April 23.— "Sandy"
Olis, a forsaken crambier. who eieht
years ago murdered £mil Weber,
another sport, in broad daylight here and
who after thrice being sentenced to death
escaped with one years' imprisonment,
left here recently for Rossland, B. C
This city wai getting uncomfortably
"cold" for him, a? even those who ex
pended large sums of money to save his
worthless l:fe found in him an incrate.
On the day of his depanura he said that
he would no longer pursue "bnnkoing"
fora livelihood, but would swing a p.ck
in the northern mines.
A special from Ro-siand says that the
British Marshal of the town had no confi
dence in the professed reformation of the
aged gambler, whose reputation had pre
ceded him there. He scarcely had stepped
off tn* train when Marshal KirKup tapped !
him on the shoilder and calling "Sandy"
by name asked him into an adjoining
saloon to take a drink. O.ds at once
imagined himself to be in clover, but tae
next minute the Marshal told him that
Rossland was overcrowded and advised
him to recross the border with as little
delay as possible.
Olds, knowing that Kirkup's word is
law in Rossland, did not stand upon the
order of leaving, and he is now in
Spokane. There it is believed he will re
main if permitted, for the gansulers here
gave him money to get out of town with
and they don't want him to return. He
is now a veritab c pariah, driven from
pillar to post. Tners is one family here
that trnsts he may never come bacfc, and
that consists of the almost grown children
of the man he shot clown in the street.
FICTORIES THAI WEHE HEFKA.IS.
StMcs From Homjhom Contradict* Sto
rle« .From Madrid. ■"
TACOMA. Wash.. April —News re
ceived to-day from Hongkong contradicts
the stories from Madrid that the PhiliD
pine rebellion has been quelled. On
March 23 Colonel Salcedo, with 200 D men,
ordered an attack on San Nicolas. He
was misled by the guides, who took his
force through a crossroad, on both sides
of which a strong force of insurgents was
ambushed. Tne Spanish force was badly
defeated and forced to retreat in confu
sion upon Airaansa. They lost over 200
men, while the insurgent loss was only 30.
Wtien the steamer victoria sailed from
Hongkong news had just arrived that the
Spanish troops had attacked the insur
gents near the river Zapote and had been
repulsed with heavy Joss. The defeat, of
the Spaniards is the more remarkable be
cause tne insurgents had but few firearms
and were obliged to tight at close range
with knives. This battle was fought in
deep mud, the Zapote River being a tidal
crceE containing little water at this sea-
EOT..
I'ntnl hall at /.yontriO.
RED BLUFF, Cal., April 23.— M.
Knauss fell from a trestle at Lyonsvilleyes
terday and was fataliy injured. He was
working on a logging train, consisting of
an enpine and two trucks, the trucks
being bearing an 85-foot log. In mating
a short curve the trucks jumped from the
track and went over a trest.e work forty
five laet high. Knnuss feil head first. The
right, side of his skull was crushed. He
will die.
tire at Tamtitpais Station.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., April 23.— When
the train leaving San Rafael at 5 :0o o'clock
yesterday afternoon drew up at Tamalpals
station it was discovered that the home of
Mrs. Jensen was on fire. C. Mason ot Sau
saiitc and the trainmen put the fire out,
and the train proceeded on its way to Sau
t-alito. Had it not been for this prompt
action Mrs. Jensen's home would now be
in ruins.
Jtirh Or* Xtrlk* at I irainia JJate.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., April 23.—
Reports to-day from Virginia Dale are to
the effect that recently two very rich
«:rii;es have been made in tnat section
one by Baird and others of a two-foot
:etl>:p of oro t.iai rur.s as high as 5000 and
another by J. B. Reed of this city, who
stumbied on a blind ledge, of eijrnteen
inchei in width, that assays J4OO to the
ton.
Reckless sensationalism fully discussed In
to-day's Star. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1897.
VETERANS HONOR
GENERAL CHIPMAN
The Red Bluff Warrior
Elected Department
Commander.
To-Day the Grand Army Men
Will Quit Hospitable
Salinas.
One Thousand of the City's
Guests Are Entertained at
a Banquet.
SALINAS, Cal, April 23.— Every hour's
sojourn in S slums adds to the pleasure ot
the visiiing veterans. The hospitality of
the people is generous and boundless.
With tears in their eyes the fair maidens
of the city saw the Third Artillery band
from Angel Isiand depart to-day for San
Franci-co. To-morrow the veterans will
break camp and bid adieu to the plains of
Salinas.
On the first ballot in the encampment
to-day General N. P. Chipman of Red
Bluff was elected department commander
to succeed C. T. Maste:ler. He received
111 votes. His competitors were i-'. W.
GENERAL N. P. CHIPMAN, Department Commander of the
California G. A. R.
Cnshinc of Oakland and Frank Miller of ;
Sacramento. The former received 10 aud ,
the latter ;;S votes. On motion of Cush- ;
mc, seconded by Miller, General Chip
man's choice was made unanimous.
In responding to the call for a speech
General Chipman referred to the time
many years ago at a National encamp
ment in Boston when he might have suc
ceeded General Logan as commander-in
chief. He felt at that time, when the
organization wns young and then holding
its third encampment, that a Union
soldier more conspicuous than himself
should be chosen, so he resigned in favor
of General Burnside. He expressed bis
appreciation of the highest distinction
which the veterans of California could
bestow and promised to serve to the best
of his ability- as department commander.
Other officers as follows were chosen:
J. E. Eaton, Stockton, senior vice-com
mander; John G. Joy, Salinas, junior
vice-conimander; John A. Cretan, San
Francisco, chaplain; Dr. H. H. Hogan,
Nevada, medical director; council of ad
ministration — Charles B. V.'ilson, S. H.
Hunt, J. OL Boiles, San Francisco; J. M.
Walling, Nevada City; J. B. Fuller,
Marysville; delegates to the National en
campment at Buffalo— Major C. A. AVood
ruff. 0. S. A.; L. D. Bureck, San Diego;
J. H. Ga.ratt and Charles Kdeliuan, Baa
Francisco; A. H. Johnson, Los Angeles;
J. T. Boynton, San Jose; alternates — A.
W. Arnold, Santa Rosa; J. C. Strong, Los
Gatos; J. Murray Bailey, George Stone,
J. B. Lauck and George Robinson, San
Francisco.
Tiie Sons of Veterans are highly elated
over the election of Charles L. Fierce as
division commander of their order in
California and Hawaii. P:erce is public
spirited, able and influential. It is ex
pected that he will impart fresh vieor and
life to the organization and make it a
power in tbe S:ate. From every camp of
Sons of Veterans in California conies
assurance of many uew enlistments. At
Nevada City, in IS9B, the Sons w;ll make
a demonstration that will attract the at<
tention of ihe State.
Mrs- Mury E. Ilartwell of Los Anee'.es
was (o-day elected department president
of the Women's Relief Corps. Ttie corps
cordially indorsed the Lincoln Monument
League, and many certificates have been |
taken out by members of the orgauiza- |
tion.
General Chipman was duly installed as
department commander this afternoon.
He announced s aft appointments as fol
lows: C. T. Masteiler. a<ijutaut- eneral,
and Eugene Waigand, quartermaster.
The convention oi Ladies of the G. A.
R. to-day elected as department president
Mrs. Pauline Wiilisof Seven Pines Ci:cle,
San Francisco. Other department othcers
were also elected aiiU .nstailed.
After the adjournment of the Depart
ment Encampment ttiis afternoon the
veteran? were taken in carriages to the site
of Claus Sprecuels' great suirar rennery,
the Cory resilience, Jesse D. Carr's honie
an' 1 - other points ot surburban not?.
One thousand persons wereseati-d at the
banquet tables in Agricultural Hall to
night. It was the last function of the en
campment series and was given by James
B. Steedman Post of Salinas.
Mayor Harris presided and speeches
were made Dy Judge Walling. H. C. Dib
ble. General Chipman. John Tuttie, Edi;
or W. J. tiill of the Salinas Index, Rev.
E. B. Hatch. Jud«e Crawtord, Judge
Buckle?, jjrs. Elizabeth D. Kinne, Mrs.
Be.le Herr, Mrs. Uanwell ana Mrs. Julia
C. Pvburn.
Out - going Department Commanler
Masteller was presented with an elegant
gold badge. A pleasing and impromptu
presentation was the gift of a unique but
beautiful autograph souvenir to Miss
Jessie Marie Storm, one of the fair young
ladies of Salinas.
It is acknowledged by all the vtterans
that the encampment just closed was the
most delightful and harmonious ever held
by the Grand Army of California. There
was no contention or bickering on the
floor.
Resolutions of sympathy for Cuba in
her struggle for independence were
adopted to-night.
PETALUUA'S LADIES' MINSTRELS.
T.ckeis for the Coming Burnt-Cork
Entertainment Are Already
Ex/icusied.
PETALUMA, Cal., April 23-Next
Tuesday evening will witness the solution
of the great mystery which is now agi
tating that portion of Petaluma's 400 who
are not "in it," for then the iong-t:»lked
of ladies' minstrels will give their enter
tainment and make their corkblack bow
to an expectant audience. Rehearsals
have been frequent, and though inter
rupted by much merriment, one and all,
from present appearances, have their
parts down to perfection.
Whiie the greatest ?rcrecy has been
maintained, rumors will fly about, and it
is said that the wile of one of Petaluma's
most prominent merchants will occupy
the position of "middle man," while the
wife of v prominent medico will be one of
the four 'end men," and so on through
the list. But the most absorbing matter
of interest is that of costume. Will the
clubladie^b- attired in bloomers, short
skirts or— tights? These queries will "re
main unanswered till the rise of the
curtain.
One feature of the entertainment that
is announced is that Mi«s Oleta Lunt of
San Franci-co will appear iv a character
song and dance.
Tne ladies have further proved their
progressive ideas by formally requesting
tuat all large hats be duffed during tne
performance, that every one may have an
unobstructed view.
Mrs. Crank, the general artist and sign
painter, whose independent costume has
become a familiar sight on Petaluma's
streets, has painted unique signs adver
tising the entertainment.
For the first time, almost, in the annals
of the city, the ru«h for seats was so great
that on tbe first day ail desirable seats
were reserved, and already tbe announce
ment is of "standing room only."
FRESNO WITNESS BLUNDERS.
Important Point Scored by the Defense
in the Trial of Professor
Sanders.
FKE6NO, Cm.., April &— ln the cross
examination of Carl Eisenschimmel, the
handwriting expert of San Francisco
i broucht to Fresno by the prosecution for
■ the forgery trial of W. A. Sanders, the de
fense to-day scored a Very important
point. Whether it was a trap sprung by
I Attorney SUort or a mere accident must
\ be conjectured, but the fact remains that
the lawyer succeeded in givinc a hard
' blow to the reliftl iiity of tne expert's tcs
i tiniony. Mr. Eisenschimniel has been
! very positive in pronouncing the sicna
. tures to the Wontton draft and deeds to
!be forgeries, lie gave his testimony in a
'< thorough and intelligent manner, and it
; went far \o convince the jurors of the guilt
j of the defendant.
The expert was under the tire of a vigor
ous cross-examination for about a day
and acquitted himself creditably. He
j maintained his eeil-composurn through
j out, and, desp.te the vigorous efforts of
j the defendant's attorney, his testimony
I could not be shaken.
But this afternoon Mr. Eisenschimmel
i became somewhat irritated. Then it was
I that he gave the hasty statement whicb
j seriously reflected on his ability as an ex-
I pert. The point gained by the defense
was that the exj crt pronounced a letter
to have been simuated by the defendant,
while, in fact, it had been written by a
person not connected with the case at all.
Attorney Short submitted to the expert a
! private letter irom Captain E. A. yon
Schmidt ot San Fr&ncisco, but the witness
! was, of course, not made aware of who the
writer was or to wiiom the missive was
addressed. Alter examining the letter ior
I a few minutes, Mr. Eisenschimmel ex
pressed the opinion ibaiithad been simu
lated by ttic de;endant on trial.
••That'- all," said Attorney Short, and
he relinqnished the witness.
The defenM immediately had a subpena
I issued to brin • Captain yon Schmidt here
I to have him identity the lettt-r and testily
that it is his wrritinr.
BUOD 31AKI.S JPPOIXTatEXTS.
Member* of the State Hoard of Pharmacy
--.'•-. yarned.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 23.—Gov
ernor Budd to-day appointed the follow
ing members of the State Board of Phar
macy; W. M. Searby of San Francisco,
vice self, term expired; Samuel Obedener
of San Jose, vice John Dawson, term ex
pired; Howard M. Sale of Los Angeles,
vice J. W. Wood, term expired; Charles
A. . Seibert of Oakland, vice A. J. Van
Yoorhies, term expired; E. A. Baer of
Bakerstield, vice J. A. Fonder, term ex
pired; Samuel C. Waller of San Francisco,
vice J. H. Flint, term expired.
fauial'.to terry* Sere Timecard.
SAUSALITO. Cal., April 23.— The new
timecard of ilio North Tacinc Coast roaii,
which goes into effect May 2, is as follows:
lrora San Francisco for Sausalito: Week
days—7:oo, 8:15, 9:45. 11:30 a. M., 1:45
3:20, 4:00. 5:15. 6:00. 6:30, 11:30 p. m. Sun
days—B:oo. 9:00, 10:0J, 11:00, 11:30 a.m..
1:00, 1:45, 23Q, 4:00, 5:30 6:45, 11:00 p. m.
From Snusaiito ior San Francisco: W ek
days—6:lo. 7:00, 8:15. 8:56, 10:35 a. m.
1:00, 3:00. 4:25, 5:15, 5:55. 7:20 P. M. Sun
days— 7:45, 5:45, U:i's. 10:40, 11 -.60 a. m.,
12:30, 1:45, 3:10, 4:15, 6:00, 6:50, 7:45 p. m.
fatten to D-nrrr for Trial
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 23.-"Cue.
kW James Cullina, who was captured in
this city by Sheriff Johnson, w«s. taken to
Denver to-day by tne r-ohce officer of that
cnv s/Mit after him. He is wanted for a
110,000 diamond roLibery.
The fac-simile SZfj-+-J~ "on every wrapper
signature of ;_: . i^ta^/^^UcZ^i .of CASTOitIA.
RICHES RECOVERED
THROUGH A DREAM
Relatives of a Dead Man
Find His Buried
Fortune.
Told of Its Hiding Place by
an Apparition as They
Slept.
Follow the Instructions Given to
Them and Are Well Re
warded.
PORTLAND, Oe., April 23.-A family
named Marriott, living at Bertha, a few
miles from here, received on the 15th of
February last advice of Mrs. Marriott's
father's death at Marietta, Ohio, says the
Evening Telegram. Five nights later
Miss Elsie, the eldest daughter, dreamed
that her deceased grandfather appeared
before her and giving her a map of his
place near Marietta instructed her where
to dig and recover his buried cash. He
admonished her to delve lor it in person.
The loliowing morning at the breakfast
fable the girl related her dream, and to
the amazementof theothers Mrs. Marriott
stated she had had a similar dream the
preceding nizht, with the exception that
her father told her none but Miss Elsie
must unearth his buried money.
There was a greater tangibility about
these dreams than would appear on the
surface. Just Defore the panicky times in
1893 Mrs. Marriott's futher was known to
have considerable money on deposit in
the banks, but when the crash came be
frequently said that lie had not lost a dol
iar. However, he refrained from stating
how he escaped the unlucky fate of many
other depositors. Inquiry elicited the
fact that the old man had withdrawn his
funds a month or two before the bankiag
iiouses began to crumble.
The Marriotts were so influenced by
thosa dreams that Miss Elsie returned to
Ohio the middle of last month, and she
and her brother, Harold, began an investi
gation. From time to time tne Marriotts
received letters from her, but none of
them of a hopeful nature. Her parents
were about to write to her to abandon the
search for dreamland fortunes and re
turn home, when on Sunday last intelli
gence reached thera th:a her perseverance
had been richly rewarded.
Miss Elsie wrote that the dream chart
she accepted as a guide had proved in
correct; but, nevertheless, after she and
Harold hud plowed over twenty acres of
ground the latter struck an old coal-oil
can at a depth of about two feet. It con
tained the money and bonds her grand
latlaer bad taken out of the banks. In nil
they amounted to $17,00J, of wi^ch $10,000
was in gold coin.
The rest of the Marriott family went
back to their otd home last Wednesday
night.
UTAH OUTLAWS ESCAPE.
Pursuit of the Pleasant Valley Rcbbers
Has Been Practical// Aban
doned.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 23. -The pur
suit of the men who robbed E. L. Car
penter at Castle Gate on Wednesday of
?7*oo, which was to have been used in
paying off the employes of the Pieasant
Valley Coal Company, has virtually been
abandoned. Mr. Carpenter himself said
to The Call representative to-day tnat he
deemed further search useless, as the rob
bers had undoubtedly reached that por
tion of the San Rafael country known ss
the "Robbers' lloost," and once in these
mountain fastnesses they wero safe from
capture.
Two of the rosses in pursuit had a little
battle yesterday, each mistaking the other
for the supposed robbers. A couple of
horses were killed, and it was surprising
that no human lives were lost.
There is come talk about organizing a
bi^ posse, with the idea of attacking the
stronghold of the robbers with dynamite.
It is believed the gang could be routed in
that manner, but the country in which
the outlaws rendezvous may not be able
to stand the financial strain. The $4000
reward offered may stimulate some ad
venturous spirits to make a bank account
and a name for themselves at the same
time.
AFFRAY AT GRANITE.
Postmaster Gjtndga Killed and His Brother
Vtounded by a Baker City
Man.
BAKER CITY, Or., April 23.— The
stage-ariver from Sumpter brought news
this afternoon from Granite that at 2
o'clock yesterday afternoon G. H. McMa
bon, who left Baker City on Monday last
for Granite, shot Lewis M. Gutridsre and
his brother, Samuel W., in front of the
Gutridge store in Gran. tt>, Grant County.
Lewis was shot twice through the body
and was dying when the messenger left
for Sumpter. Sam was shot in the face,
but grappled with his assailant, knocking
him down and holdin.r him until the arri
val of Deputy Sheriff Nivins, who arrested
McMahon.
Local gossip about McMahon's sister is
said to hays caused the assault. Tt is be
l.eved that if both bro hers die McMahon
will be lynched, Samuel W. Gutridge is
postmaster at Granite.
"KID" TUUMf.>U> BtSXTEXCED.
The Train- Wrecker 1 * Motion for a A'e«e
Irml Drnied.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 23.— The
courtroom was crowded here to-day when
"Kid" Thompson, convicted of train-rob
bery, was brought before Judge Smith for
sentence. Attorney Mills presented the
affidavit of John H. Cummings, residing
at "224 West Twelfth street, who swore that
he had attended the trial throughout and
saw Juror James Hellman sleeping. Mills
then moved lor a new trial, and, the mo
tion being denied, Thompson was or
dered to stand up. When asked if he had
any cause to show why sentence should
not be pronounced he excaimert :
"None other than that before God and
man I a ra innocent of this crime."
Judze Smith pronounced the sentence
of life imprisonment at Folsom. Thompson
asiced for a five days' stay of execution
that he might see some friends, but this
Jud^e trmuh refused to grant, and tne
prisoner was taken north to-night.
COUSTI JiO^Jt LAW INVALID.
Said to flirt With the .V-ir County Gor
rrumeut Act.
LOS ANGELES; Cal., April 23.—
county road law passed by tbe last Legis
lature appears to occupy the position of
incumbering, the statute books without
any beneficial results. It was signed by
Governor on March 3L On April 1
he signed the new county government bill
also. An examination of the laws show
that they are at variance, and since in the
case of two conflicting "laws; the last one
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
Best Spring Remedy in the World-
It Makes People Well.
There is one true specific for diseases arising from a debilitated nervous Bystem i
and that is Paine's celery compound, so generally prescribed by physicians. It ia
probably the most remarkable remedy that the scientific research of this country nas
produced. Prof. Edward E. Phelps. M.D., LL.D., of Dartmouth college first pre-
scribed what is now known the world over as Paine's celery compound, a positive cura
for dyspepsia, biliousness, liver complaint, neuralgia, rheumatism, all nervous dis-
eases and kidney troubles. For the latter Paine's celery compound has succeeded
aeaiu and again where everything else has failed.
takes precedence the road law must be a
nullity.
It provides that three Road Trustees
shall be elected in each district. They
»hall have fulL power to prescribe and en
force rules for their own government. The
old county government act made no such
provision for Road Trustees and as the
new act doe 3 not change lue old road laws
it is thought they will remain in force.
Cleetridty Lights n h'r**no Vineyard.
FRESNO. Cal., April 23.— T0-night for
the tirst time the Paragon vineyard, seven
miles west of this city, is ablaze with
electric lights. The long avenue leading
to the residence of the proprietor of the
vineyard is strung v;ith lamps, and the
walks before lb« house are brilliant with
arc lights. The Paragon vineyard belongs
to Captain W. A. Nevills, the proprietor
of the Rawhide mine in Tuoiumne
County.
Chary* Aaainit a Carton Doctor.
CARSON*. New, April 23.— Information
was received here to-day from the secre
tary of the State Medical Board of Cali
fornia that Dr. Ambrose, a Russian
practicing medicine in this city, is a fraud
and was lined $100 in Oakland for pnictic
inc medicine without a license and served
time in jail. lie culls himself Ambrosef
here and claims to have a diploma from
St. Petersburg. The authorities are in
vestigating his papers.
.Stanford Cla*s Election.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cat,., April
23. — The sophomore class held an election
this afternoon 10 elect officers for the 'OTt
annual. Chris Bradley, one of the prom
ising literary men cf the class was chosen
editor-in-chief. He will select his board
of editors. T. H. Greenbaum was elected
business manager and J. F. Abbott man
aging editor.
Wanted for an Arbuckle Robbery.
SACRAMENTO. Cai,.. AdHI 23.— Sheriff
Jones of Colusa County this forenoon took
Thomas Willis to Arbuckle on suspicion
that be is one of the men who robbed a
store in that place last Sunday night.
Willis was arrested in this city by Officer
Taibot. The man answered t c descr.p
tion of one of the robbers. He is said to
be an ex-convict.
Axrar-i<-d Itantaqet for a Fall.
LOS ANGELBS, Cal., April 23. -A jury
in Judge Allen's court found a verdict for
$15 030 in favor of the plaintiff in the suit
ot Thomas F. Tertford vs. The Los An
geles Electric Company. Tedford was em
ployed as a laborer by the company and
received serious injuries by a shock oi
electricity and a fall f rum one of the poles.
TWO ANNIVERSARIES.
How Captain Thomas Desmond Res- |
cued Fenian Prisoners l'rom
Free mantle.
Monday, the anniversary of the battle
of Lexington, was also the twenty-first I
anniversary of the rescue of several
Fenian prisoners from the Freemantle
Prison in Australia. The project was
boldly conceived and bravely carried out.
Captain Thomas Desmond, ex-Sheriff
of San Francisco, and Captain S. P.
Smith were the heroes of the latter oc
casion. Supplied with funds by the
F*nian organizations they proceeded
to New Bedford. Mass., where they char
tered the whaling vessel Catal'ra and
placed on board a sturdy crew of Fenians, i
armed to the teeth. * ■
Intheeuiseof a peaceable whaler the
Catalpa dropped anchor not far from the
prison. By the aid of confederates on
shore the prisoners were taken out of their
cells and carried in the ship's boats to the
whaler.
They had hardly cot over the side be
fore the escape was discovered, and as the
Catalua with all bails set turned her prow
toward California and her heels. to the
enemy she was pursued by a tug contain
in™ a score of British guards armed with
rifles, sabers and revolvers.
The Caialpa was overtaken about three
and a half miles from shore — on the high
seas— and the American flag was run un
to the peak. *
The Britishers called upon Desmond
and Smith to deliver the prisoners For
answer they were told that the prisoners
were on the deck of an American vessel
and protected by the flay. Then two
brass cannon loaded and ready for action
poked their noses .over the "rail of th«
whaler.
"Get out of here or we'll blow you out
of the water." commanded Captain Des
mond.
The tuar put about and went back to
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA T4.KE9
V away the surplus bi.e and leaves the liver
iv perfect order. Itfra true Uver regulator.
TOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAI'ARILLA GAB
« be used by old or young. Take it moder-
ately. Remember that moderation tn evorv-
hmg tends to longevity.
Australia. The prisoners were landed in
San Francisco and there was much rejoic
ing over the rescue.
An adequate effort is at last to be made
to prevent the extinction of the elephant.
The Government of India nas adopted a
regulation preventing ;he killing of these
animals in a reserve which extends from
SheiKu Pass to the Afghanistan frontier.
The area is approximately 200 miles by
SU. The herds of elephants which remain
in this reserve are at present confined to
a much smaller area of about forty miles
square of the Gadabural Mountains.
♦ — ♦ — ■»
A bicycle race with a panther was the
exciting experience of an English lady in
Singapore one evening. When riding
slowly homeward along a road outside
the town the cyclist found that she was
being quietiy stalked by a huge black
panther. She had the presence of mind
to start off at full speed and soon dis
tanced her pursuer.
wjr-i-^ - - "' „ , __J ' —^S
— . » . — -!_ -;S;
1 WEAK {§§ '.1|
gL^l! back <g ,fl
Your back is not strong, It pains you,
so does your shoulder blades. Now and
then you feel as if hot waves of steam
were pouring over and through you; then
you will be cold again, chilly; a crawling
chilly cold kind o' settles all over you.
Sometimes premature weakness .is also
felt; your legs will wobble and seem to
kick out; you will be seasick in * second
and then it is over.
IT #© w
""Knurr
Yes, it is debility, and you should con- .
suit the best doctors on the coast. If you
do, consult the Hudson doctors, these ■
doctors will advise the real thing— Hurt yan
remedy treatment.
Hudyan remedy treatment is as certain
to cure you as you are certainly in need of
it. Hudyan cares those case* of nervous
disorders brought on by dissipation, bad
hours, abuse. If you abuse your nerves
, you weaken them.
tiUDYji*. «
®ÜB£q
&0
Circulars and testimonials from
Hudson Medical Institute
Market. Ellis and Stockton Sfes.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
BLOOD POISON— 3O-DAY CURB.
BLOi>D POISON— 3O-D A. V CL KB
BLOOD POIsON-30-UAV CURB.
: BLOOD POISON— 3O-DAY CUKE.
CIRCULARS FREE.
COSSULT HUI),O.\ DOCiOIiS FBER
• • t • .■■--■....■■. , .
fiiAVE'Ynil ?. o "> Taroat^lmp!tarCopper«
■EUHTb lUU Colored Spots, Achcj, 6M sVresM
3ra^?»£i?-£?L bl na:r ->^l^g! Write COiiKia
a?M?^ EX *^, CO " aO7 Masonic Temple^
I.m y^ n " lor Troots of cures. Cupi-H
ii« '<*?*i 00 ' 000 ' I> Volst cases cured in ldH
fffnr«iMM ar '* loo *P a g e book Qge. ?
| NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
K "^? N^ AND WASHI.VOTOS STS. — RB.
JL*. modeled aim renovated. KINO. WARD *O(X
European pUa. Booms 50c 10 *1 50 pec U«r. $t
to *» per vr»*. $8 to «30 per moatn: trea batl£
bot ana coid w&ier every room: are KT««*i«
every town; ti»v«»ior rvuu aUulstU. ■ •*""" '• .THE FAVORITES
MOVED UP A PEG
Managed to Take Four of
the Events at In
gleside.
The Plungers on Strathrol Are
Beaten Out by Amelia
Fonso.
The Que^rly Nawd Couiters'wivel
Wins— Rny Salazar Carried Edu-
Cited Monty— Tors na Bid Up
Favorites did a little better at Ingleside
yesterday, taking lour of the six events
on the card. The attendance was quite
up to the average and thie betting pood.
The race that earned dismay, suffering
and sorrow in one camp was the second.
Bt aihrol, running in Sam Hildreth's
co.ors, came out for the first time in mtiny
moons and wa> tQ have been the medium
of a "killing." It was such a "good
• uing" that many speculators in the East
had it passed to them over the wire.
Dunne's cast-off opened at twos and was
sledge-hammered down to 6 to 5 and even
money. And then he could not win. even
with the valuable assistance contributed by
several other starters in the race, fle
did not care to exert himself the first part
despite Shields' desperate urging and was
led past the wire by Amelia Fonso, a 5 to
1 chance, rid ten by Claw? on, who quite
evidently bad not been Landed a ticket to
slip in his boot.
'ihe Inverness filly Marvelous was
heavily played in the opening four-and
a-hair furlone scramble for two-year-olds,
but away third was never able to better
her position. Marty Bergen on the 6 to
1 choice Socialist was away first, and after
rnakine all tne running was only beaten
out the last few yards by the oddly named
Dousterswivel a 10 to 1 shot piloted by
Jimmy Bozeman.
On Thursday, in a mile race, Refugee
opened favorite and went back in the
betting. If he possessed any speed on
that occasion Thompson could not or
would not extract n from him. Yester
day the sprinter opened a 6 to 5 choice for
the third event at seven luriongs, reced
ing to 2>£ to 1. Then a bis chunk of coin
went in, forcing his odds down to 3 to 2.
H« got away fir-t an.! palloDed in the win
ner with ridiculous ease, four lenpths or
so in Iront of McFartane, a 12 to 1 out
sider. La Mascota and one or two others
ran as though s;anding in on the "shove."
The secon 1 two-year-old event went to
the even-money favorite, Rev Salazar. He
was the only horse in the race backed to
.any extent and after lying second to Miss
Kcmsen until well on toward the wire,
won easily by a length. Miss Retnsen
clowned Flushington two lengths for the
place.
Bookmaker George Rose's fleet filly
Tor-ma was a 1 to 2 chance for the fifth
event at six furlong*, and after running
second to Potentate to the stretch, pulled
away and won under wraps. In a hard
drive, Midas got the show from Redding
ton by a head.
The crack Vinctor again struck a soft
spot. He was a6to 5 choice for the last
event, over one mile and a sixteenth, and
in a mild drive downed Imp. Trance a
neck in 1:48%. Grady, ridden by Cole,
was an indifferent third.
NOTES.
According to reports Eataca has been
eoing great guns and is sweetly smiled on
by the stable employes. The track,
which hat been harrowed up, is just to his
liking, and he will be hard to beat to-day.
Flu&hington, after being taken up at tbe
end of a quarter, ran a splendid race ana
will do to have a bet on next time he
starts.
Enos was suspended for his
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingleside Racetrack. Friday, April 23. Eightieth
r day of the Winter .Meeting, 1896*97. Weather fine. Track fast.
QftQ FIRST RACK— Mne-slxteemhs of a mile: maiden two-year-olds; parse S350.
Index.
Horse, weight.
St.
Btr
jTa"
lh
62
6 1
7 3
2 h
91
10
43
11
8 3
12
Fin.
1 :.
v/>
4h
5 h
6 1
76
8 6
93
l'»
11
12
897
822
897
897
891
874
887
874 I
891
819
887
874
Dousterswivel 111
socialist 108
Twlnkler Ill
Tom spencer HI
Hay Rea:h li'S
Daii^n Ill
Louiee Hooker... 108
IGlenower inn
Marvelous 108
Desdemona 1< 8
Sabaoth 108
iFongo Ill
1)
2
1
6
9
5
4
7
10
3
»
I 8
i u
m
1 Va
6 1
62
81
42
I*
8 I
101
12
11 2
Boceman
Bergen
Shaw
....
W| son
Freeman
Haslett..........
Stevens
Piggott
T. Hennessy....
cole
Smith.
7 7
6 6
4 6
50 60
100 200
10 1 ■
10 10
40 100
7-6 1
l:»0 iiOO
10 SO
1U0 200
I
!
Uood start. Won driving. \Mnner, L. iiell's b. c,
Time, :66%.
QlA SECOND RACE- Three-quarters of
Index.
ndex. Home, age, weient. PC 14
873 Amelia Fonso, 4.106 3
•222 Htrathrol, 8 114 2
889 Montallad". 4. ...108 8
886 Perhaps. 4 108 1
893 Jack Martin, 4... 108 9
904 »rvoso,5 Ill 4
898 Hosier, 4 108 10
902 Belarlo. 4 108 6
799 |L» necha, 4 106 6
880 Duchess, 4. 106 7
2 3
!i*
I?
4h
10
6 Va
91
6%
2 4
3 I
\P
61
61
10
71
83*
2 3
i?
I?
6 2
10
7 1
93
8 6
1 h Clawson
2 y H. Shielis
3 1 'V. Mar:ln
4 4 Bozeman.
6 3 >t«v>-ns
66 Shaw
7 20 JeukJns
8 Vi Husiett
0 IPIggott
10 |Roulller
Benin;.
Op. Cl.
5-2
2
I
10
60
12
100
100
12
100
I
1
3
8
100
20
300
300
SO
300
Fair start. Won driving.
Winner, W. P. Magrane's b. t, by Kongo- Amelia t: Time, l:16Vi.
Q-J 1 THIRD
Inrtex.
807
692
849
901
901
901
901 i
843 |
Horse, sge, weight.
V*
Belli ijk.
Op. CL
Refugee, 4 11
McFarlane, 6 I
Candor, 8 1 1
Tom El more, 6...1<
Molile !:, 5 V
l,a Ma«cota 4....1'
jLeoiivllif, 6
jMyrileH. 4 1
■ 2
6
6
' 1
3
. 4
1 7
.1 8
12
4 1
6 4
8
64
2%
7 h
3%
11
31
6 1
IP
4 1
8
•-' b
1 4
In*
I?
61
41
8
3h
16
2 1
6 h
8
6 3
4 1
7 1
8h
1 8
23
8 h
4 h
5 6
0 10
7 10
8
rxBiignier
Me Nichols
W. Mar.in
Plggott......:...
EDO* .''•
Frawley
ClawsoD
Cole.....
B5
16
3
6
lu
8
6
60
6-5
12
6
6
16
8
6
80
Good start. Won easily. Winner, W. B. Sink Jr.'s b. g., by Kxlle-Bracken. Time, 1:29^4
-J r> FOURTH
;r.aex. Horse, weight. St. y±
897 Key salazar 108 3
876 MIssKemeen Ill 2
897 Fushlnrton Ill 7
897 Imperious ill 6
642 Siva..... Ill 1
783 Los Prletos 108! 4
b»l Miss Dividend.... 108 6
*J*7 Hatlcoy 118 8
891 Cassandra II 108 9
V»
2 2~
In
« 2
81
4 1
72
51
9
8
22
1 li
61
41
3 Vi
6h
71
9
8 4
Fin.
1 1
2 2
3 b
41
61
6 10
71
8 10
9
Martin...
Shaw
PlKKOtt.
Bozeman.
MatiKbier.
Macklln
Tnoinpson......
Kulz.......
! Koulller....
Bet tin?.
Op. OL
6-5
7
5
7
12
8
3
300
100
1
8
7
12
20
12
5
500
300
'.'.'.'.'.'.'..
I
Good start.
ue, :56.
Won easily. W r inuer, E. J. Baldwin's b. g., by Emperor of Noi folk-Cleopatra.
913. KIFTH
four-year-olds and npward: purse *350.
Index. H orse, age, weight.
884 Torslna,4 108
889 Potentate, 6 119!
853 Midas. 5 11 V i
(8S>5)|KediDKtOn. 4 108 j
H04 Ricardo, 6 111!
886 [Lizzie H, 4 108
865 D,n Gara, 4 1)1;
473 ;<iallant,5 111!
21l V * %
~T ~2 2
; 4 1 3
i i :::::::: 4 1*
i 8 6*
2 31
5 5 1
j 6 71
! 7 8
2 4
1 2
*h*
6 1
31
0 2
7 2
8
26
1^
63
4 1
6 8 4*
74
8
11 Freeman
24 Bozernan
31 coady
4 3 Plggou..........
68 Shepard.. ...:...
6 2 W. Jlartin...
7 20 II. Smiih..
8 «Uu?hter. . .....
3-5
10
12
2
60
: 8
100
20
iietlinc.
>p. a.
1-2
12
15
3
60
12
200
50
Bad start. Von easily. Winner, George Rose's b. f., by Torso-Bertie \V. Time, 1:16%
I a SIXTH RACE-One and a
\
Index.
(906)
896
(898)
886
898
877
Vlnctor, 5 1
Imp. Traace, 6.. .1
Orady, 4 1
Logan , a 1
Karl Cocbr-in, 4..1
Monlta, 6 1
Horse, age, weight
St.
6
•J
4
1
SI
I Std.
4 h
21
R4
1 h
M
h
h
:>
2
4 h
1 h
35
2 1
|61
34
a i/ 3
6 l
16
Str.
22
12.:,
32
4 1
20
6 '
1b
2 4
A iO
4 4
5 50
W. Martin
Slaughter .........
Cole. ..........
J. Shield.« .!.
Plggou. ...-„-......
Coady .............
56
4
5
15
b
60
1
11-5
8
30
8
100
l«
!62
1
'food a tart.
■ * --4
Won driving. Winner, William Boots <fc Son's b» h., by Brutua-Mollie H. Time
Mollee R. Very luckily Willie 'Martin's
effort on Candor escaped the official eye.
Theie is nothing like rolling a barrel
downhill if the coast is clear.
Torsina, winner of thp lifth event, en
tered to be sold for $500, was bid up to
$1500 by A. Joseph, the accredited owner
of Potentate, although. th- horse races In
the name of J. H. Shields. Torsina runs
in the colors of George Rose, and the
bookmakers wisely protested payment of
the run-up money on the ground that
Potentate is not owned by Mr. Shie'ds.
Mr. Joseph, it is said, also owns Joe
Terry, played throughout the country on
Thursday for a "killing," and one or two
ol that horse's performances mi ht cause
Mr. Joseph to look wise if asked to ex
plain.
This same owner once owned the filly
Marionette, which could run like a ghost
at long odds and like a snail at short
prices.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, eighth* of a mile, two-year-olds.
919 Twinkler 106 887 Aluminum 11l
897 Dune Y0rk11..114 903 Kalubar 110
(*9 7) Kirns more- 114 909 Hay Heath 103
(891)Torslda 117 9b-' Key 8a10zar....11l
:-ecoDd race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
889 Major Cook 1031 Decision 98
89.2 Reel 91 i 865 Dcy;*> 103
... William 0'8...1C6 1 907 Nebula 87
805 liinnie II 98 (9 2)';eorg>- Miller..
802 Satsuma 114 860 mm 106
(904, Murphy 103 (886) lim Murphy. ..lo3
Third race, one and an eighth miles, He. ling.
(888) The Bachelor.. 106 i 694 Hazard 98
66 • R«d Glen 102 (88.')Mtnctiester....lO5
7*9 Wawoua 10 i 9.7 J«^e Terry 101
(907) Ad. Uuchanan..lOo i<o7 l>»yii(fht 101
(894)Mort>- Fonse...llo 859 Lobeuguia- 108
900 Mlst Fuih...... 103 ! 898 I'eter 11 108
Fourth race, hurdle handicap, one and a quarter
miles.
900 Tuxedo 165 880 Arundel 136
880 Joe 150 SOI <;ov Budd 133
911 Candor. 146: I*oo BrlllUm 128
900 Uymau 138 900 Dick O'Mally ..125
Fifth me**, one and a quarter miles: the sprerlc
els cup handicap for ihree-yar-olds, value $7500,
•nd piece of plate, value ifl 500.
«»8 Key Del Tierra.llo 785 Altamax 118
(749) scarf Pin ....118 (89(i)Howard S 122
(774) George Palmer. 104 («80;Beraaraillo 120
8 0 ioile star .110 (516>Estaca 110
yOH Vlncltor 107i(90>>)U>u Louß »2
907 Hora.io 10S|
Mill! race, ihree-year olds, one mile.
908 Billy Vice 107 908 Claudlana 102
869 Tempestuous .. 104 7-7 simiior 107
< 907 l>o:iC.Hr«'iic.o..lo7 895 Fort Augustus. lo7
.... Los Cerr1105....102
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAY.
Flrat race— Elimure, Torslda, Salabar.
Second race — Satsuiuu. Yemen, Major
Cook.
Third race — liobeugnla, Hazard,
ftlorte Forme.
Fourth race — Tuxedo, J O C, Arundel.
Fifth race— Kstaca, Howard B, Scarf
Pin.
Sixth Clarencio, Los Cer
rilos, Senator.
THE BIRD CAME HOME.
After Three Month* and a Half He
Escaped His Prison
Bars.
Homing pigeon 1093, with a filmy alum
inum band on one of v:? ankle-, set nflieht
in Sacramento on January 5 iast
and strangely lost since then, yes
terday arrived at the home of his owner,
Juhn F:!mer, at 336 Jersey street
Undoubtedly, as his owner believes, the
bird has been in captivity somewhere be
tween here and Sacramento, aud has just
been let loose because of the law recently
passed making it a misdemeanor to hunt
or detain a pigeon. The fact that some of
the tail feathers had been pulled out, and
the aluminum band removed, seemed to
indicate this.
The remarkable thing, however, about
the return of t c bird is that it is now out
nine months old. and has been in captiv
ity for more than a third 1 of that time. It
seems strange it would recollect its bear
ings. The pigeon is a California-strained
bird. It shows that ai good bird- can be
raised here as elsewhere.
The occasion for letting loose of the
featuered biped was the prize contest for
which a rm> was offered by Mr. Crowiey.
About 250 birds were let loo^e, and only
150 came home Mr. Filmer let loose five
birds during the training, and there are
three of them of which he has yet heard
nothing.
Penrl Ladd To-Night.
To-night Pearl Ladd will give a piano re
cital at the California Theatre and the great
est iuterest has been manifested In the event.
The programme is fuily calculated to show
the young lady's remarkable ability.
Soujtd views on the Bankers' Convention.
Read to-day's Star. *
ride on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1397.
THE LAW OF SACRIFICE.
As we study the gradual casting off of the fetters which bind the soul to rebirth we come to
that which is the most efficient agent in this work— the law of sacrifice. All must have been
struck with the fact that there Is not a religion In the world that has not sacrifice as one of its
essential ideas. Tfike the highest religion that tne world has known, or take the lowest, and
still you can discover no religion, whether of the hichest sect or of tly lowest savage, that has
not the sacrificial idea for its center. The nature of the sacrifice will differ with the notionsof
the people among whom is the religion; the nature of the offering will depend on the grade o
evolution which the soul has reached. But however crude vhe conception or poor the working
out, however low and mean and unintellectual the idea of sacrific» may be, none the less out of
that poor and base conception, if you look at the lives of the people, out of it you will find have
grown tha nobl.s; impulses which these people have known.
Consider the doctrine of the atonement in one of its lowest and crudest forms. Tfike it
amon;; the most ignorant people, who put it in a form repulsive to higher thought, you will
find— 'f you look at it in its working out In the lives of'the people, in the inner regions where
words are so little and thought is so much — you will find thnt out of a burlesqued idea of
sacrifice there hai grown the name high and exquisite devotion which la the glory of every
religion and every phase of creed. Let us see if we can catch a climpse ol what this means.
In the highest regions of the universe those who nave nchieved, tho«e who have gone far
beyond the range where or r limited Right can follow or where our fettered thought enn touch;
who have entered into the highest regions that we yet have knowledge of; these breathe out
of that sunreme life ray* which have in them something of themselves. They can send ihese
rays downward into a life that is exceptionally pure, excaptiona'.ly devoted and spiritualized,
overshadowing that nature which is mighty by its purity, a'thoush it has not yet perhaps
climbed to heights of knowledge. They can thus lend to it a divine quality, can breathe
into It a divine power, and by the assent of that pure nature, by a real act of sacrifice, which
that pure one is wlUlng to make, such a one enn be raised into a position where he becomes
a source from which spiritual life may flow out to the wor.d, and into which, in etranee fashion,
the sorrow and the anguish of the world may pour; and, in return for the gift of sorrow, the
gift of spiritual life flows forth.
That :s the mystery which is always implied in the liTes of the great saviors of the world.
When It is said that "they are the sorrows of men." they "bore the sins of the world," It is
nota mere figure of speech; it is not a mere phrase, a dream which men have dreamed; It is a
reality of the spiritual life that ev>*ry soul of man which, by its aspirations, climb- upward to
the spiritual regions, reaches there a point where there is no division, wh re that soul In
stinct with the dlvinelife becotnc* one with all sou!s in their sorrow. Not by separation, but
by identification ; not by a forced pffection, bnt by the deepest reality of the spiritual life that
soul r aches the plane where division is not, where the world and it are one. And tnus it can
bear the world's burden, its sin and its sorrow. It can bear the world's ignorance and breathe
into the world its own divine life [and thus become at once ihe bearer of sorrows for man and
the source to man of spiritual life].
But not only for the nurest and noblest is this divine sharing of all things possible: not
only for those who are so abnolutelv pure that the divine life can send them forth as saviors
of the world: not only to them is this privilege given, but to others also according to their
smal'er measure. For every one who is willing to take on himself a pain that is not in his
Knrma, a sorrow that is not of his own past making, every soul which goes forward by that
divine passion that comes from within and not from without, and which says: "I am willing
to bear a pain that is not my own, willing to take a sorrow that is not of my own making, to
be made a sharer in the life that takes all grief that it may srive back all blessing," every soul
that takes part of this burden on itself changes the pain that it takes into love and Joy, which
through It are given to Ihe world.
Think of sacrifice in the for v w^ know it here. Think of that transmutation by fire that
goes on, on an earthly alt* r, when you throw on to it some substance of e-irth. and as the fire
pluys upon It it seems to chanre, so that all the grosser and more solid parts disappear, and
perchance there will rise from It a marvelous essence or incense frum the al;ar. It has
changed its character as the fir* 1 has worked upon it. Even so, upon the a!t«r of the human
heart, it is possible to throw suffering into the fire of love che one great transmutine forci
that the earth knows, for love is divine, and it is the divine which everywhere transmutes
and changes), ivfTering which is not yours by compulsion, for then were it r>o free gift, suffer
ing that you tnke by ■ our own voluntary acceptation— that ytm ask to take that the world mr.y
thereby b<? helped. This pain that you put upon the altar is worked upon by the fire, is
changed, and gives out the very essence that is In it, coming forth as spiritual strength,
spiritual p' wer.
In the course of ages knowledge and power to help are won by the pain that we endure;
but in the higher regions of the universe that is done speedily which is dore slowly here;
wnat evolution here works om stage by stasre is done in a moment by this concentrated fire of
love, which is life. And so the disripi'e. as he rises higher and higher, at last makes cood hi«
footing in the spiritual regions *nd is able to do in a moment "hat would tnke cen:uries or
millenniums in accomplishing here. He can take the pain and change it Into power and send
that spiritual life downward for the helpine of the world.
That is part of the law of sacrifice. As the disciple crows higher and higher he can do this
more nnd more; as he grows nearer and nearer to the One he can do it more swiftly nnd ever
to a greater extent, so that it last what he could do perchance only for the few he becomes
ablo to do for a !are?r number of his fell'>w-men. As he becomes one with them he is able to
siiare with them. You must rememb-r he takes from them as well us gives to them; but he
talt**s fmm them their sin and sorrow and gives back to them his life and love.
And there is even more — much more than that.
Ano'her way in wh.ch sacrifice is possible When the disciple, c'imbing upward, has
reached a stage at which consciousness can work I re« ly on the higher panes, but at which he
may rot yet bring back perfectly memory of all he does, there is a possibility that pain may
be accepted there voluntarily, that falls on him when his consciousness i* dulled by its phy
sic il encasement. It has been thus taken by those who have giv.»n up desire for anything
that earth can pive, by those who have learned that the thintrs of the lower life matter but
little in the life of the soul, who are able to see the relative proportions <-f tnlngs, and by that
clear vision can choose bnter than it is possible to choose In the l'-.wer w>rld.
Give your suffering, make it your offering for the whole and it will change into spiritual
forces.
If only In yonr daily lives yon can do it now and then— not always— that would perchance
be too hard. But every time you do it, you make it easier *o di it nealn.
There is offered '.o you the joy of the higher regions, and there I leave it ; because all words
are vh'.h; all words seem almost irreverence, for speech is uot adequate, and here only soul
may speak to soul.
It v only the voice of the worldloss that can yolee it truly, for the words are not of earth ;
and -f the wor'ls of the speaker have mnrred the vision, and lackof'words have made the
b- auty seem less beau-lful, then as sou! I speak to soul. Not with mortal voice to mortal ears,
not with these poor words my <on*ue can utter, but from mv heart to yours, from my toul to
yours may come a thought that will tell you the light and the life are there.
For this which I have tried imperfectly to say m the very life of the universe, which
breathes in the Heart of every man from those great teachers oi wisdom. TM« is the miehty
message which the masters ot compassion have sent to the toiling world. If it move not your
heart the fault is not in the message but In the messenger; It is not in the thought but iii the
speaker. Let your own hearts spcas: the message to yoiirs"!ve«. the message that only the
inner self can sptac to the outer, and you snail see I' c early, undimmed by human inter
ference.
For every man at least ii his own priest to the god within him, and no other hands may
touch without profanation the sacrifice which the human soul offers on the human heart to
that Self which is the Self of all.
EX-AUDITOR SMILEY
PASSES AWAY
It Occurs at the French
Hospital From Heart
Disease.
The Remains to Be Interred To-
Morrow in tbe Odd Fel
lews' Cemetery.
After an il lness of a few weeks'dura
tion Thomas J. L. Smiley, ex-Auilitor
and ex-Registrar of Voters, passed away
at the French Hospital yesterday at half
past 12 o'clock.
The deceased had Buffered from heart
disease and went to tbe nospital about
three weeks ago to be treated for that
complaint. He apparently rallied and
hopes were entertained of his ultimate
restoration to normal health. But on
Saturday he was stricken with paralysis
and the verdict of the physicians was to
the effect that he could not recover. He
lost consciousness at 10 o'clock Thursday
night.
Mr. Smiley w«s 76 years of age, and
came tv California from his native city of
Philadelphia in 1849. He had been a
schoolteacher, but on reaching here went
into the auction business. Healsoatonce
became an active man of affairs. He was
identified wiln the Volunteer Fire De
partment, represented Howard No. 3 in
the board of delegates, and was president
of Brannan Engine Company. He was
also vice-president of the Vigilance Com*
mittee.
Governor Waterman appointed him
Registrar of Voters seven years ago, but a
year later Governor Mirkham removed
him. When Auditor David Stern died the
Board of Supervisorsappoin-.ea Mr. bmiley
to succeed i.im. Afterward he engaged in
the stock brokerage business.
The body was yesterday afternoon re
moved to Gray's undertaking-rooms. The
funeral will take place at 2 o'clock to
morrow afternoon either from some
church or from his former home on Brod
erick street. The interment will be in the
Odd Fellows' reraotery.
FRACTURED HIS SKULL.
A _ Ton- Year- Old Boy Fall* From a
V Fence* With Perhaps Fatal
'Result*.
John Warren, a 10-year-old lad, who
resides with his parents at 720 Tehatna
street, met with an accident yesterday
evening which may possibly result fatally.
The boy was ploying upon a fence in front
of his residence, when he lost his balance
and fell heavily to the concrete sidewalk.
He was taken to the Receiving- Hospital
where it was ascertained tnat he had sus
tained a fracture of the skull. The injury
was attended to by Dr. Weil, but the boy
is in a critical condition.
The fao-stmile -/T^ srtTsr . <t . "" ii on every wrapper
signature of V#jci//$f7cUcZM of CASTOBIA.
BURNED BY THE
FAMOUS X-RAY
A Butcher Claims to Have
Suffered From Its
Operation.
Thomas F. Marron Sues Dr.
Philip Miis Jones tor
Damages.
T .c first action at law to recover dam
ages for injuries sustained by reason of ex
posure to the famous X ray was besnn in
the Justice Court yesterday and will no
doubt result in interesting developments
if it conies to trial.
Toe man who claims that he suffered
great mental and bodily anguish after uav
ing been exposed 10 the piercing light that
emanates from tho Crookes tube is Thomas
F. Marron, a butcher who is employed by
S. P. Hicks at 2010 Fiilmore street.
In the complaint tiled yesterday he says
that Philip Mills Jones, M.D., the X ray
expert, is a duly licensed and practicing
physician and that he is advertised as the
director of be Waldeck X Ray Laboratory
at 808 Sutter street, and claims to be partic
ularly skillful in the use of Roentgen's re
markable discovery. That on March 9
last i.c called at the physician's headquar
ters and made arrangements to suomit
himself to the searching beam of the tube
lor the purpo-e o' ascertaining whether he
vaii suffering from internal disorder.
The operation took place on March 10
and 11, and Marron claims that it was so
carelessly and negligently conducted that
lie was seriously burned on the right siile
of his body from the neck to the waist;
tnat both skin and flesh were burned and
scorched, and that the injuries were of so
serious a character that they have not yet
healed.
He says that he has not been able to
attend to his business from the effect of
Uio burns, and that he has had to expend
$30 in doctors' bills in an effort to
have the injured skin regain its normal
condition. He ask-, in addition to the
amount paid the physician, $269 damages,
as compensation for the pain he has en
dured.
"I believe that malice on the part of
the patient's parents prompted the suit
against me," said Dr. Jones last evening,
"and I am not at all fearful that a judg
ment will be found against me.
"Some time ago the plaintiff in the suit
against me broke a hypodermic needle off
in his chest, and all efforts to locate the
troublesome bit of steel by ordinary
metbods proved without avail. It was
finally suggested that the needle miuht be
located by means of the X ray and I was
called upon to undertake the experiment.
"A few days af:er the young man bad
bpon subjected to the influence of the
X ray he complained of a burn between
his shoulder blades.
"It is true that he was subjected to the
rays for some time, and the influence may
have produced a slight irritation, but
nothing serious did or can come from it.'*
COILS TIGHTENING
AROUND LORING
Police Have More Evi
dence Regarding the
Death of His Wife.
The Deceased's Ante-Mortem
Statement Corroborated by
Several Witnesses.
The Coicner Exhumed the Remains,
bat They Were Mutilated and the
Autopsy Was a Fai ure.
Captain Bohen of the detective depart
ment is quite confident that be ha\ woven
a net of evidence uroutid Robert Loring,
the tinsmitb, that will send him to the
gallows for the murder of his wife.
In response to the request of the police,
Coroner Hawkins had the remains of Mrs.
Loring exhumed from Holy Cross Ceme
tery yesterday and taken to the Morgue.
It was the hope of the police the autopsy
would show that the peritonitis from
which the unfortunate woman died was
brought on by a kicking and beating ad
ministered by her husband. But in this
they were disappointed, for Drs. Galla
gher and Morgan, the autopsy surgeons,
found upon uncovering the body that a
post mortem examination had already
been periormed by somebody and further
that the very organs they were expected
to scrutinize had been removed.
This state of affuirs was something of a
surprise and the Coroner at once notified
the detectives regarding what had been
disiovered.
Investigation developed the fact that
after Mrs. Loring died at the W aldetk
Sanitarium Dr. J. C. Stinson and Doctress
Nathalie Celling, who had attended her in
ber illness, determined to make a post
mortem examination in order to deter
mine the exact cause of death. In other
words they wanted to know if Mrs. Lor
ing'sdyine statement to the effect that
tier condition was brought about by her
husbands violence, was true. They ex
plain now, so the pol;ce say, that their
object in not notifying the Coroner of the
case was to avoid notoriety and to save
Lorine's children. The latter would be
left l.elpless and homeless if ihe lather
were sent to jail.
Dr. Belling surrendered Mrs. Loring's
ante-mortem statement to Detective Gib
son yesterday, and it is now to be used as
the strongest part of the evidence when
Loring is taken into court. It is as fol
lows :
Dying statement of Mrs Mary Loring of 5
Gordon street:
I, Mary Loring, believing myself at the point
of death, do wmitigly find in my iull senses
make the following affidavit: That my hus
band, Robert Loring, seven weeks ago lest
Tuesday night, against my will, tried to kill
my unboru child, lie said he wuuld kill the
unborn babe, as he was tired of my bringing
Childten into the world. He was intoxicated
a: the time. He hug always maltreated me
and not supplied me with the necessities of
life. Ido solemnly swear this is true before
witnesses. Mrs. Mary Loring.
Witnesses — Mrs. M. Kipp, 511 Castro street;
Nathalie Belling, tU Sutler street.
Captain Bohen has an important list of
witnesses who will give evidence against
the man who is now sweltering in one of
the City Prison "tanks."
Mrs. M. Kipp, who was one of the wit
ne-ses to the dying statement, says that
the decease*) visited her al'out three weeks
and said .'-:je was suffering te r ble agony
as the resul : of the kick" she had received
in t.'ie abdomen. Sl.e was in a delicate
condition at the time and feared serious
results. Mrs. Loriug was lateen violently
ill before leaving the house, says Mr-.
Kipp, and bad 10 be -en t home in a coupe.
Bue never recovered from that illness.
Mrs. Kipp was also with her on the day of
her death.
B"Mr9. Loring told me that her husband
HEW TO-DAT.
A HEALTHY WIFE
Is a Husband's Inspiration.
A. sickly, half-dead-and-alive woman,
especially when she is the mother of a
family, is a damper to all joyousness
feeling of suffocation and alarm, she
must at once regain her strength.
It matters not where she lives, she
can write a letter. Mrs. Pinkham,
of Lynn, Mass., will reply promptly
and without charge. The following
shows the power ■of Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, . accom-
panied with a letter of advice: -^
11 Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I have suf-
fered for over two years with falling,
enlargement and ulceration of the
womb, and this spring, being in such a
weakened condition, caused me to flow
for nearly six months. Some time
ago, urged by friends, I wrote to you
for advice. After using the treatment
_^ ■^■^^_ which you ■ ad-
iffip^Q^L vised for a short
jffftffi^uJSg^fiA. time, that ter-
ißWjSi -r- &Bg& now gaining
(~~^ I J than I have
had for the I /\^ past ten years.
I wish to say • if to all distressed
suffering women, do not suffer longer,
when there is one so kind and willing
to aid you.'" — Mrs. F. S. Bennett, West-
phalia, Kans.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
fIHABIJSS H. : I*HIL,L,It»S. ATTORNEY-Alt
\J Law and Notary Public 638 Market at., op«»
■it* F«Uce ilous- Teleptou* 570. XUnlUenc* IlUf
ft'*u wmi TaUpboaa - Its* ■ ib»U
had knocked her down and jumped on
her," said Mrs. Kipp last night.
Mrs. Murphy of 1005 Hayes street says
in the statement that sjie made to Detec
tives Gibson and Wren, and which is now
in the possession of Captain Bohen:
"It was in February that Mm, Loring
told me that h.>r sickness was brought on
by her husband, who struck her and
kicked her shamefully. She repeated this
declaration to me two weeks before she
died. I knew the noor woman for seven
teen years. She once worked for me. 1
am certain that her death was due to her
husband's brutal treatment."
Two sisters of tho deceased, a brother
and a father have ail made similar state
ments to the police and wil 1| be witnesses
against the imprisoned mnn.
NEW TO-DAY
Unless sooner sold. we shall have on exhibition and on sale some of the best goods and
most wonderful bargain:, ever offered East or West. We want to attract your atten
tion to these for our mutual benefit. We realize that the times are not favorable to a
large expenditure of money. If you can supply your wants at right prices it will help
to tide over the "hard times," which we all hope are near the end.
Grangers' Soap • ...... 3c Striped Stair Linen 10«
This is a full-weight bar, unwrapped, which Widest Linen for the purpose made- al-
we are closing at ■ cut price. ways worth and always biouglu 25c until
Coal Oil Johnny Soap . .... 5c n tnis sa!e - 7—
Coal Oil Johnny Soap 5c n ci . —
This is not found in other stores-it is a »Tm i&lt]S, per tall • • • • lC
Soap that will do more wonderiul things These are most: light colors, some a little
than any boap known. stained, but are certainly worth 10c a
,,., » — dozen.
reeled Tomatoes 5c n ji ,• f — n
These are too well known and too satis- ™k?rc!licfs •---.-. 2C
factory to need any comment. Plain while, colored border, ladies', chil-
dren's, 20 or 30 kinds, SO to 75 -dozen,
Crape Jelly. - 5c f ™t^f2ra4o l 2 c do»5: lrilgodBrl11 *."-
Kegu'.ar price 15c; sale price, to last 3 — —
days, sc; home-packed and warranted Anill Tnnf liniolro I J,,,.,,!,,,. ' 1*
pure. Tue demand for Jelly, however " "' lOOtiipiCKS. 4 DUD(He.S ■ - • 1C
pure, has positive y cessed. These are very scarce, and mostly sold at 5c
„ n  n a bunch. We close a quantity at above
Creamery Batter - 20c rale -
This is the celebrated "Livermore Cream- EVl<l,*n<r Pzi\* »AninU+ A • • - $15.00
cry"; will be put aga. nst any Butter made TOlfling CeOS, Complete • • -.>l.).00
. for quality. Try a 10-ounce bloc* and be /,i •«■ ■ $I*oo '
convinced. Chiffonier $Id.OO
Ilanille Baskets - ■ . • • . lc Bedroom Snite -$15.00
A marvelous thin? to sell a Handle Bas- These are not the common imitation soft- .
ket lor lc. Basket-mukers wonder at it, wood articles, but rea oak and unequal.
dealers doubt ;t, until we show them the ity: you'll be asked $25 and over every,
goods. Bigger ones at bigger prices. where for same thing; nuh floor.
FINE SHOES, 25 Cents.
The finest and best Low Shoes, Sandals or Oxfords you ever saw for the price co
on sale to-day. Do not let a übi ari'e in your minds, but come, see the shoes and
make choice while we have a full stock.
LITTLE CHILDREN'S BLACK OXFORD 3 OR SANDALS. 3 to 714 23c
LITTLE MISSES 1 BLACK OXFORDS, sizes Bto 11 * '*' 5^
MISSES' BLACK OXFORDS, a.l late style. 11U to 2. S
YOUNG LADIES' BLACK OR BROWN OXFORDS, extra/3, 3J^, i i.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'cbc, 7do
Lemon Cling Peaches, fines: packed 10c | Table Oilcloth, pretty^rrrle' .. .^ 120
Canned Mi it, until closed...^ 5c ! Bicycle Wool Hose, 8, 8& closing". : 50
Ammonia K lo ,' or pl . nt bottles... 5c j Wool Uelaines, 28 iuchfjark figured 8c
Shoe Polish, ladies' russet or black 5c i Dress-style BlacK Sateen. ¥™**'^. 6W C
m %£* P" fl M f V». E -?, lun .- in gltiSB lOc 001 Silk - assorted, no b.acK, good . to
Boiled Cider. Mott's, oOc size.. 25c Girls' 6-l.lt Scarlet Pants, best !.. 250
Complexion eosp for toilet use 5c Liitle Folk« Underwear, ribbed "'"" lOo
Common Tollei §o o p for hot.-l use lc Gents' Working or White ShirS 33°
Keeno's English Ulue. per dozen 12c Little Boys' Fancy 5uit5?.?! ...... ... '..".V.'.'si.sO
Goods dpllTprcd twic» dally— any part city.
i Mpst^-' '■ ' ' '**'" delivery- to suburban towns.
■■MH| / JS^bt I Free d«m<>nstrat2on of foods dailjr.
,tJSS|. Je&KiF'Mg £ Tea and Coffeo served fre« to all' who call.
'iTJ'^infi^ * *ffT* tf' *f- "Ti Parcels checked and Telephone Free.
Y*gt§^s?^S^^K3r^/ Dining-roi.tn on «ixt!i floor.
\ML«^.; g^^»T/ Goods packed and ■hipped everywhere.
v \*l*££ \&}l&**Z*sS Please ask for our 40-p:ige list.
Address— The Big Store at the Ferry— 2s-27 MARKET STREET.
TOE REASON WHY RIPENS TABULES CURE NERVOUSNESS
Docto*. The maladies which above all others cause nervousness are dyspepsia,
biliousness and constipation. The great sympathetic nerve which con-
nects the epigastric region with the brain is always injuriously affected
if the stomach and bowels are disordered ; a permnnent disarrangement
of the functions of those organs reacts by sympathy upon the entire
nervous system. Ripans Tabules in restoring tone and regularity to
the digestive apparatus, and overcoming constipation, permanently
remedy the nervous complains which originAte in alimentary weakness
or disturbances. They are the very best nervine that can be used.
By eradicating the exciting cause of nervous weakness they perma-
nently overcome the disability itself. But this is not all. By checking
the maladies which cause nervousness they build up anew the system
weakened and depleted by nervous disease.
DR. MARTIN'S GREAT Pi CUR
OF= THE HCE
IS A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains in General, Dyspepsia, Dysen^
tery, Cholera Morbns, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia,
Nervous Complaints, Liver and Kidney Complaints, Sciatica,
Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, Head-
ache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache,
Barns, Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains,
Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, Skin Diseases, Excessiva
Itehinps and many other complaints too numerous to name here.
PRICE, 25c, 50e, $1.00 PER BOTTLE.
L. OALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal.
For tala by all druggists. The trade supplied by Reding-ton ft Co., Mack A Co. and
Laugley & Micnaels, San Franoi»*o.
Loring aenies the charees made against
hitu, bu; when seen last nieiit declined to
go into a detailed explanation, further
than to say that his wife's death whs th«
result of nn operation she performed her
self. He says he never struck or kicked
her.
The spans!: CarnlT*L
Tho gorgeous parade mark ng the inaugura
tion of the Spanish carnival will form at
Kearny and M-mtgomer.- streets at 7:15
o'clork this evening. At 7:30 o'clock the
signal to commence the/march will be given.
The lino of parade Wil/be trotn Montgomery
avenue and Kearny, down Kearny to Market,
and from Market to Larkin, terminating at
the Mechanics' Pavilion. Qul-oii Josupha Am
brosia and her many subjects will then enter
the Pavilion and the bal ma>qnewillbe given.
56
KATUitDAY APRIL 24. 1897
CHARLES M. SriORTRIUUfc,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Free:
Paily and Sunday Cam., one week, by mirier. . 50.13
Tally and Sunday Cam . one year, by mall 6.00
Pally and Sunday Cam., six months, by mall.. S.OO
Dally and Sunday Cad, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Cam., cue month, by mail- .65
ttunday Cam., one year, by mall 1-60
"Wkucly Call, flic year, by mall 1.60
EI'S!NESS OFFICE:
71 0 Market street.
Fun Francisco, California.
Telephone aialn-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 clay treat.
Telephone M*ln-ir74
BRANCH OFFICES:
827 Montgomery a'.reet, corner Clay : open until
8 :SU o'clock.
a 39 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Ul6 Larkln street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and .Mission, s«reeu, open
until 9 o'clock.
, i"518 Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9.30 o'clock.
XW. corner Twe.uiy-second and Kentucky i
•treets; upon till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICQ:
0.8 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 »nd «'2, 84 Park Row. New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kastern Manager.
Till: CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL. J
Weyler insists that he is pacifying the
Cubans, but as he is letting ihem win all
the victories he probably means that he is
catisfying them.
The Arizona eiiitor who has started a
■paper called The Daily Lyre has evidently
determined that no one shall accuse him
of running a party ortran.
You will find the best reading for your
day of rest in The Sunday Ca.lt>, and in
orJer to make sure of ye: ting it you hud
better leave orders for it to-day.
The complaint comes from Chicago that
the newly elected Democratic Mayor is
giving most of his patronage to the gold
men, although tha silver men elected him,
and a row is imminent.
The conflict between the Greeks and the
Turks is not more complicated than the
conflict between tiie dispatches. We shall
nevor know which has the best of the
lighting until the end tells.
After ihe cruel war is over and the
Greeks and Turks have buried their dead,
the Cretan question will probably be
taken up Dy the powers oxActiy where it
was when the lighting began.
The Brooklyn Eagle refers to a certain
measure before the New York Legislature
as "the reticulated rot of humbug," and
the phrase is so appropriate to Brvanisin
it is a pity it was wasted on a local issue.
The satement of King Humbert that
the attempt to assassinate him was only
an incident of his trade shows that under
his crowned head he carries enough sense
to understand his business and know how
to meet its I it : la episodes.
The weather of Washington at this
season of the year is very pleasant, and
the Senator? would fast as soon stay there
and talk tariff as not, but when June sets
in there will be heat enough to set up
fcteani and set the most dilatory to moving.
The Russian Embassador who told the
Bulgarian Government that this is not an
opportune time to ask for reforms from
Turkey has more than the usual allowance
of diplomatic gall. Bulgaria has been
waiting for just such an opportunity for
years.
In demanding immediate reforms from
the Sultan the Bulgarians have led a
trump card, and now the people of Mace
donia and Monieuegro must either follow
uuit or be guilty of a revoke. There is no
Question about their ability to play
trumps if they wish.
As the resolutions of sympathy with
Greece introduced into Congress are to be
accompanied with the usual declaration
of neutrality on onr pan they will not
■place the Greeks under any great obliga
tions to ns. Such sympathy can be fully
repaid by any old thing in the way of a
jerfunctory vote of thanus.
Interest in tho coming pure-food con
press is felt all over the State, and the
gathering promises to be one of the most
important of the kind which has been
held in many years. This, at any rate, is
one San Francisco movement which the
interior cordially supports, and its results
can nardly fail to be widely beneficial.
When the present administration in
New York began its work the death rate
of the city for tne first three months of
the year was 25.34. In lSf*> the rate fell to
22.96, and this year it has diminished to
-0.31. The improved health i< attributed
to improved street cleaning, and there is a
lesson in it for every city in America, and
particularly for San Francisco.
It is not likely that the tariff bill will be
reported to the Senate until the Re
publican members of the Finance Com
mittee have so revised it ai to secure a
lull party support when reported. After
that debate on it will be perfunctory, as
neit:.er the Democrats nor the Populists
Will undertake obstructive tactics. The
interests of California, therefore, must be
looked after in the committee-room, and
now ia the time to do it.
The movement undertaken by the
Chamber of Commerce to develop and
promote our trade with South America is
one which should have the support of all
merchants and manufacturers in the
State. We will have strong rivals in our
rfforts to get the South American markets
for our product«, but the rewards which
will attend success make it worth while to
enter the struggle, and there is no better
time to begin it than right now.
Tne question of precedence between the
Yice-P.esident and the Embassadors to
this country stirs Washington almost as
deeply as it would London or Berlin. To
the Western mind it does not seem to
make much difference which of two men
goes through a door first, so long as both
pet a front seat at the show and a good
placts at the table, but to the East it is a
matter of vait importance. There are
people who would be willing to abandon
our seal fisheries to England, surrender to
her claim on the Ala-kan boundary, leave
her a free hand in Venezuela and over
throw our protectire system in the inter
est of her merchants, who would never
theless be eager to fight her to a finish
rather than compromise a claim of official
precedence. There may not be much
virtue in etiquette, but there is none :he
less a strength in it against which it is
useless to preach, protest or kick.
THE TARIFF PROGRAMME.
According to well-informed correspondents at Washington the programme which
i has been adopted by the Republican leaders in regard to the tariff bill is to thoroiiEhly
i revise the tariff in committee, so as to make it fully acceptable to a majority of the
j Senators before it is reported to tte Sei ate. Under this policy the real debate on the
Dill will be in the committee, and when it comes before the Senate only enough
time will be given to Democrats end to other opponents of the measure to make such
speeches a-* they desire, and then the bill will be pressed to an early vote and the
controversy closed.
This beine the programme, it becomes important for the people of California to
give attention to the bill at once, while it is still in the bands of tne committee, for it
is not likely that the majority will be willing to reopen the whole question by consid
ering amendments after it lias once been reported.
Attention has been sufliciently called, perhaps, to the importance of increasing
the duty on citrus fruits, but there are other interests in the State hardly 1-m im
portani to be loolced at. We, in common with other sections of the West, have large
interests in the wool industry, and our delegation in Congress snould be urged to
stand with the wool men in their efforts to obtain the full and completo protection
which they desire.
It is hardly worth while to go over again on this subject the old controversy
about free raw material. It is now well understood that what is the raw material of
one industry is the finished product of another. To the Eastern manufacturer low
duties on wool may be an advantage, but to the people of those States where sheep
herding is a great industry protection to wool is just as important as protection to
woolen goods.
We called attention yesterday to the fact tha^t brandies, wines of all kinds, sugar
and molasses have been placed by the Dingley bill in the list of articles on which the
President is authorized to reduce duti-.'s or remove them altogether in arranging
reciprocity treaties. This, therefore, is another phase of the subject to which Cali
fornia must eive consideration, and efforts should be made to so restrict that clause
as to prevent any possible reciprocity treaty which would expose the wine and sugar
industries of California to the competition of nations like France and Germany, which
produce those articles in large quantities for export.
The situation in brief is one which calls for immediate vigilance and activity.
Tho plan of having the tariff fully arranged in committee so as to assure it of a
majority of votes hefore it is reported to the Senate is so gooa in itself thr.t we hardly
need the authority of so many Washington correspondents to assure us of its adop
tion. It is, in fact, the beat possible way for making progress in this kind of legisla
tion. It is as fair for us as for the rest <f the Union, and imposes upon us no other
duty than that of presenting our claims at once while the bill is in committee, in
stead of waiting for it to come before the Senate, and then trying to amend it.
EXTENDING TRADE.
Now that the Chamber of Commerce
has undertaken the wort of organizing
the merchants and manufacturers of this
City ana of the State for the purpose of
developing and promoting trade with the
west coast of South America, it is to be
hoped they will not abindon the task
until successful results have been attained.
To do this it will be important to adopt
right methods at the beginning, and in de
ciding what methods to employ much can
be learned by Biudyinc the experience of
the merchants and manufacturers of the
East.
A recent circular of information issued
by the JNational Association of Manufac
turers, having its headquarters at Phila
delphia, gives the experience of a num
ber of practical business men in various
efforts to extend their foreign trade fn all
parts of the world. One of the statements
published is of particular importance, be
cause it oeals with methods which proved
successful, an! instead of describing what
is to be avoided in seeking foreign trade
goes directly to the point and sets iorth
what should be done.
The statement In question was made by
Albert Herbert of Boston, who says that
lor the last few year.-* one-third of the
entire force of his house has been working
on foreign trade and has accomplished
good results. His methods were these:
First, his house advertised iiberally In the
countries where they wished to sell
articles, and secondly, they s-ent over first
class American salesmen and established
offices in the piincipal cities. It was
found that foreign people responded just
as quickly to advertising as our own peo
ple, and that American salesmen were just
as successful abroad as at home where the
same methods were employed.
As Mr. Herbert says: "The way to reach
that trade over there is to advertise the
same thing that we advertise here, first
class advertising when it is required, and
back it up by first-class salesmen sent
from this side to start the fiing over
there." That me: hod has proved success
ful, and the results have been so good that
Mr. Herbert adds: "I think that In two
years from this time most ol our business
will be done in Europe."
There can be no question that business
methods are pretty much the same all the
world over and what ia good in one coun
try will prove good in another. The mer
chants and manufacturers of San Fran
cisco have only to apply to the South
American market the same energy which
they have used in builJing up the trade
at home to accomplish success. The first
cost of opening new markets and intro
ducing new goods will be large, and there
fore it will be well to have some sjrt of
organization that will permit of co-opera
tion to begin with, ft ought to be 6asy to
effect such an association, and certainly
the reward which may be expected in
South American trade is sufficiently large
to just.fy a considerable outlay to obtain
it. The movement is a good one and the
Chamber of Commerce should have tj^e
general support oi merchants and tnanu
lacturer s in advancing it as rapidly as
possible. .
THE BULGARIAN DEMANDS.
The demands made unon the Sultan of
Turkey by the Bulgarian Government are
the first evidence which has been given of
a possibility of that uprising against the
Ottoman empire on the part of the people
of the Balkan I'eninsuia upon which it is
evident the Greeks counted when they
ventured to defy all Europe and engage
in what seemed on the face of it to be a
rash and unequal war.
The demands, however, were no sooner
made by the Bulgarians than die Russian
Embassador at once intervened. He is
reported to have said to the Bulgarian
representative that the time is inoppor
tune to ask for reform. It is a pity he
could not have been photographed as he
said it. It requires something more than
the ordinary amount of diplomatic facility
in the use of language to assert that this
is not an opportune time to asK a reform
when the Bulgarians have been waiting
many years for just such an opportunity
to offer itself.
It remains to be seen whether the peo
ple of Macedonia and Montenegro will
follow the lead of Bulgaria. If they
should do so, Russia will require some
thing more tnan a diplomatist at Con
stantinople to maintain the Sultan and
preserve the Ottoman empire. The re
cent request of permission for the passage
of the Dardanelles by a Russinn fleet
seems to be significant of a knowledge on
the part of the Czar that the uprising of
all the Balkan States is a probability of
the near future. The danger of the out
break may be much greater than appears
from this distance and the steps taken br
the Turks and the Russians are ?n evi
dence that they regard it as a serious
menace.
While the Russian Government I as not
made publicly any othci.il statement of its
views upon the siluaiion, or its possible
action under any contingencies that may
arise, there huva been expressions in the
newspapers of St. Peter»burg which afford
some evidence upon which to base a judg
ment of the Russian policy. The current
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1897.
number of the Literary Digest has a trans
lation of an editorial from tne JVovoye
I irhivn, which reviews thoroughly the
situation at Constantinople, and, after
pointing out the reasons why Russia
would not care to occupy that city either
by conquest, by consent of the Sultan, or
by consent of the powers, concludes by
saying: "Russia wants peace and the
maintenance of the status quo, and it is
an error to suppose that she is insincere
on account of her designs with reference
to Constantinople. But she wishes one
thing understood— that, in the event of
division, her claim to Constantinople is
superior to all other claims."
It may ho assumed, then, that the whole
power of Russia wiil be exerted to main
tain conditions as they ac, and that the
Balkan Mates and principalities will be
given due notice that if they attempt to
press for reforms at this time, they will
have Russia as well a? Turkey for a foe.
Here, at any rate, seems to be a policy
definitely adopted which will be resolutely
enforced. The outlook for Greece, there
fore, is not encouraging. Her friends In
England and France are wavering, while
the friends of Turkey are prepared to act
and act forcibly at ;he first emergency
that requires it.
SENATOR MORGAN'S CRUSADE.
The persistence of Senator Morgan in
nrging his Cuban resolution upon the
Senate is more like the action of
an agitator than that of a states
man. The Senator seems to have
made himself a doctrinaire, a man
oi one idea; and it has been questioned
even by the fr.ends ot Cuba whether his
incessant agitation and persistent speak
ing on the subject has not hurt the cause,
by making it irritating to tho Senate,
rather than advanced it.
The agitator is not welcome to any class
of people who nre either indifferent to his
cause or who, while interested in it, have
other objects to attain which they regard
as of more importance. The incessant
talker wears upon the patience of people,
and not infrequently forces those who
were kindly disposed at first to oppo-e
him simply from a sense of antaconisin
roused by too much persistence. To this
extent the course of Senator Morgan has
been hurtful to the Cuban cause. There
can be no question that he has made the
Senators weary of the subject and pre
vented many of them from speaking on it
simply because they believed the talk has
been overdone.
On the other hand, it must be remem
bered that nearly everything that has
been accomplished in thii world has been
the result of untiring persistence. The
men who continually peg away at a sub
ject and keep eternally at it are the men
who win in the lone run. Morgan may
weary the patience of his colle agues, but
he none the loss keeps them continually
thinking of Cuba and of tha duties which
! this Government owes to civilization and
humanity as well as to the independence
joi all American peoples. Iv this way ho
prevents the subject from being ignored
or overlooked, and makes every fre»h in
stance of Spanish tyranny or cruelty in
the inland a new occasion for appeals to
the Senate for immediate action on behalf
of the rights of the patriots.
In the long run the Senator is sure to
win his fight. Such persistence as he has
shown never completely fails of its object.
Over and over .-gain it has been shown
in parliamentary bodies that the man of
one idea is a lighting force equal to half a
dozen men whose energies are scattered in
various directions. The grim old Senator
is therefore rendering a nood service not
only to Cuba but to the United States as
well. We may all of us at times grow
weary of his talk and denire some cessa
tion of hi 3 persistent crusade, but on the
whole we know that his cause is right,
and sooner or later the Senate and the
House of Representatives will have to
adopt his policy and crown with complete
success the crusade in which he has so
vigorously en traced.
MEN AND WOMEN.
Sarah Bernhardt has always had an almost
morbid dread of fire, and this bag led her to
direct that all her stage dress, shall be ol
fireproof material.
Hon. Elle Scarlett, the elder sister of young
Lord Abinger. and daughter of the former
Miss Magruder of the United States, has begun
to study surgery at the London Hospital.
Dr. Nausea has asked permission to name
the Siberian Peninsula discovered by him
after King Oscar of Svreden. The King and
the Russian authorities have givea their con
sent.
Dr. Benjamin Eddy Cotting has just resigned
the place of curator of the Lowell Institute of
Boston, after a continuous service of fifty-five
years. Although he is 85 years old he is In
| full possession of all his faculties.
Norway's Storthing has voted a lump sum
of 4000 kroner, $1080, each to Nansen's
twelve companions, and 3000 kroner a year
for five years to Captain Sverdrup, who is to
command the rext expedition in the. Fram,
planned lor 1898.
Emile Arton has admitted that he received
2,000,000 francs to use in lobbying for the
Panama canal project, and has handed the
bonks containing the account of his "expendi
tures to M. I.c Toittcvin, the Juge d'lnstrucUon
iv his cfcae.
PERSONAL
I. Jacobsou of Gilroy is In town.
T. K. Beard of Modesto is in the City.
Granville Pulien of Cloverdale is at the Russ.
Charles M. Coglan of Sacramento is in the
City.
C. A. Kelley of Lodi is at the Cosmopolitan
HoteL •
Dr. R. R. Gaber of Los Gatos is at the Occi
dents 1.
11. L. Shannon, an attorney of Redding, is
in town.
Ex-Senator Eugene Aram of Sacramento is
in lown.
W. E. Russell of Visalia is at the Cosmopoli
tan HoteL
George A. Bailey of Nevada City is a late ar
rival here.
C. 11. Hawley, a mining man of Angels, is at
the Palace.
D. Guldbaultof Ogdensburgh, N. V., Is on
a visit here.
SJ. Dwyer of Lob Angeles is at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
Charles C. J. Flood of Los Angeles is at the
Cosmopolitan.
B. H. Upham of Martinez is among the ar
rivals at the Licit.
K. L. Swain ana Mrs. Swain of Calmalli, B.
C, are in the City.
Dr. J. N. Moore of the United States navy is
at the Occidental.
Professor E. H. Griggs of Stanford Univer
sity is at the Grand.
W. T. Porter, a business man of Fresno, ar
rived here yesterday.
Samuel Harding, a business man of Auburn,
arrived here yesterday.
Thomas Cairns, a merchant of Philadelphia,
Pa., is at the Cosmopolitan.
E. D. McCabe. late private secretary to Gov
ernor Budd, Is at the Grand.
Joseph Durkin of Sonora. Tuolumne County,
is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A. J. Hammond of Tampa, Fla., is among
those registered at the Palace.
G. H. Beauchamp and Mrs. Beauchamp of
Orangedale, Cal., are at the Russ.
W. H. White, the king of Mendocino. is
among the arrivals at the Baldwin.
A. Derr, a general mercnantof Sacramento,
is at the Russ, ac-ompanicd by his wife.
George L. Eastman, a business man of St.
AUKU6tine, Fla., is a recent arrival here.
E. S. Valentine, who is in the insurance and
real-estate business at Fresno, is in the City.
George B. Katzenstein. vine-president of the
Earl Fruit Company, Sacramento, is at the
Lick.
W. T. Johnson of Washington, D. C, special
agent of the Interior Department, is at the
Grand.
E. M. Manasse oi Napa and one of the lead
ing owners in the extensive tannery there, is
at the Grand.
F. E. Taylor, a wealthy resident of Brooklyn,
N. V., is at the Palace, accompanied by Mrs.
Taylor, a nurse and valet.
George Muirhead of Haddo House, Aberdeen,
Scotland, who arrived here a lew days ago,
has gone to Monterey for a brief stay.
L. 8. Calkins, editor and one of the owners
of the Nevada Transcript; W. F. Prisk. owner
and editor of the Grass Valley Union and a
member of tne last Senate, and T. W. Sheehan,
proprietor of the Sacramento News, are at the
Occidental.
Martin Cuddihy, owner of a store and hotel
at Happy Camp, Siskiyou County, and Inter
ested in mining property at the same place, is
here on a business trip, and is registered at
the Russ. Harry WooJ, a business man aho of
Happy Camp, is with Mr. Cuddiay.
J. D. Cozhlin, one of the cattle kines of East
ern Oregon and Western Idaho, who has his
headquarters at Paisley, Or., and who owns
many tnousand head of cnttte, is among the
arrivals here. Mr. Coughlln has been spend
ing a part of each year here for several years.
J. G. and I. N. Day, who for years have had
the contracts for removing the rocks in the
j Columbia at Cascade Licks, are in the City.
•The work at this point on the Columbia has
j cost several million dollars and will probably
I cost millions more before the rocks are blown
up and chseled out as desired for navigation.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NHW YORK. N. V., April 22.-At the Plaza,
C. S. Merrill; Imperial, A. H. Castle, Mr. and
Mrs. M. V. Clay burgh, Miss E. Clay burgh;
A*tor. F. Roth; Grand, Mrs. A. Katon, A. Gold
berg; Gilsey, H. L. Van Winkle; Hoffman,
P. H. Smith, 8. M. Rellghiou; Metropole. T.
KlrFClicff; Albert, A. Carpy, Mr. and Mrs. C.
Carpy; California. — Anbert, J. Levy.
DiN'l KiCK
When to the telephone
You go
And ring (tip bell
Ami nay: "Hello!
11 Please give me number— .
ho and bo" —
And central a swers,
soft .■ a low.
" They're bui«y now,"
Dojl kick.
When to (he barber shop
on sppeu
To get a shavn
You badly need.
And on the curtained door
You read
What the barbers' union
ll nth i) screed:
Close* 8 p. M.."
Don't klcK.
When from your work
At close of day
Homeward you wearily
';■;- ■-' Wend your way,
And On the couch ,
Kzhausted lie
Should lovingly wife men
Sweetly say,
- The «ove n»eds filling, John 1"
Don't kick. —Boston Globe.
With YOUR COFFEE.
"Willie is a remarkable Doy," said the lad's
mother to the eminent musician. "He re
members every nine he hears."
"ludeed."
"Isn't that a valuable faculty?"
••Well — it may enable him to become a suc
cessful composer."— Washington Siar.
White— Did old Greea recover from that rail
road accident yet?
Black— No; but his wife did— to the tune of
ten thousand.— Twinkles.
Tiffington— Boflington, your wife's Eaiter
gown U very picturesque.
Bofliugton— Picturesque? That gown cost
more money than any picture you eyer saw."
Detroit Free Press.
"Sawyer seemi to thinlc a good deal of him
self."
"I should say so. He has had a Moorish
arch cut orer his office doorway so he can get
his head in and out."— Chicago Record.
"It must be pretty tough to have a highway
man order you to stand, eh?"
'■I suppose so, but it's nothing to ha ring a
policeman tell you to more on."— Truth.
"What is your profession?"
"I write— poems, novels, romances, pl»yt,
etc."
"And what do you live on?"— Fllegende
Blaetter.
"Quibble is a mean landlord."
"Why do you think so?"
"He puts down Iron pumps so his tenants
can't pnll them up and use them for fuel."—
Chicago Record.
>\HAT PLEASES A WOMAN.
Answers.
It pleases her to be called a sensible little
woman.
It pleases her to be called a well-dressed
woman.
It pleases her to be told that she is fascinat
ing. ,
- It pieties her to be told that she improves
a man by her companionship.
It pleases her to depend on some man and
pretend she is ruling him.
It pleases her to be treated courteously and
with respect and to be talked to reasonably.
It pleads her to be treated sensibly and hon
estly,' to be consulted and questioned and not
to be treated as a butteifly, with no head nor
heart. <
It pleases her to be loved and admired by a
man who is strong enough to rule and subdue
her and make hi* way her way. to lead her
and take care of her.
Fearless, frank and free. Bead to-day's Star.
JOAQUIN MILLER ON RILEY.
Joaquin Milltr's impression of James Whitcomb Rlley is as sweeping as most of the
opinions which the Poet of the Sierras sets his mind upon. It Is a very remarkable estimate
that he makes in The Call for to-morrow. The article is entitled, "A Day With James
Whitcomb Riley," and the material for it was gathered on Mr. Miller's visit to Indiana on his
recent lecturing tour. It will prove one ot the most striking contributions that have been
made to contemporary reviewing ol men and works of letters.
A week from to-day will bs May day, "the gladdest of all the bright new year." Of
course it will not be observed in C ilifornia as it was in O.d Euglaud many years a:o, but it
will ba equally interesting, and all true lovers of nature will get all the pleasure out of it
possible. There will be several unique features for its observance that will be described in to
morrow's Call.
"Adventures With Fortune- Tellers" Is an account of a visit to a number of these sooth
sayers not at all flattering to tho prophets themselves. It tells of a time when t/ie prophets
didn't "proph."
The twenty-five centuries over which Constantinople spreads its history furnish the ma
terial for a bright article particularly interesting at the present time. Some of the most
thrilling incidents in the history of the beautiful city by the Golden Hora are graphically
described.
Adeline Knapp tells how birds start housekeeping. Her article this week Is unusually
interesting, as it tells of many traits of birds not generally known.
The X rays are always interesting, and this week there is an account of the latest phase
of Investigation In the mysterious field. In fact all there is new about Roentgen's discovery
Will be told of in to-morrow's Call.
Among the othe^ features there will b9 a story of two small men of Tulare County. The
traallest clog in tne world wili also be described and his pictures given, so you can see just
how small he really is.
Besides »11 these good things there is the children's pace, the fashion p»ge and the book
page, which everybody knows is always interesting. But if you want to know of all there in
to be in The Sunday Call you will have to get it and read It, as there will be too much to tell
about.
"THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL."
Letters From Our Readers on Topics of Current
Interest.
English Law " Points" on Legal Tender.
Lditor of the San Fravdsco Call— Sir: It is now my purpose to give the "divers points"
of law which ••weie considered and resolved" or decided by "the chief judges (being the privy
council)" la the case ot -Mixed Money" in England under gocd Queen Bess in 1601, of which
I gave the decision of the court in a former paper, which "points" are good law in England
to-day, after the lapse of 2'Jb' years, and I think the reader will prefer the phraseology of the
privy council ol that day to any modern terms into which I might turn it. I present the
matter in the order in which I find it in the report made of the case by Sir John Davies.
"First, it was considered that In every commonwealth It Is necessary to have a certain
standard of money, ior no commonwealth can FUbsist without contracts, and no contracts
without equality, and no equality In contracts without money. For, although in the first
societies in the world permutation [exchange or barter] of one thing f< r another was used, yet
that was soon found cumbersome, aiid the transportation and division of things was found
difficult and impossible, and therefore money was invented, as well for the facility of com
merce as to reduce contracts to an equity.
"Secondly, it was resolved that it uppertaineth only to the King of England to make or
coin money within Ms dominions, so that no person can do it without special license or com
mandment of the Kinp, and it *ny person presume to do it of his own head, it is treason
aganst the person of the King by the common law, and this appears by the statutes of 25 Ed.
3 c. 2 (which is only a declaration of the common law).
"Tnirdly, it was resolved that as the King by his prerogative may make money of whatever
matter or form he plettteih, and establish the standard of it. so may he chance his money
in substance and impression, ana enhance or debase the value oi It, or entirely decry and
annul it, *o that it shall be but bullion, at his pleasure. And that the King hath used this
prerogative in England appears by several notorious changes of money, made in the times of
the several kings aince the Norman conquest.
"Fourthly, it was resolved that the said mixed money having ihe impression and the In
scription of the Queen of England, and being proclaimed for lawful and current money within
tho kingdom of Ireland, oucht to be taken and accepted for Merlins money ; and on considera
tion of this point, the name and nature of sterling money were inquired and discovered.
'•Fifthly, it was refolved that although this mixed money was made to be current within
this kingdom of Ireland only, yet It may well be said current and lawful money of England
for two Chusei: (1) Because this kinedom is only a member of the imperial crown of England,
and (2) It is called lawful money of England in respect to the place oi coinage, which was in
Edgland, viz: in the t< wer of London.
'•Sixthly, and lastly, it was resolved that although at the time of the contract and obliga
tion made in the present case (Gilbert against Brett) pure money of gold and silver was cur
rent within this kingdom wnere the place of pnyment was assigned (at the tomb of Earl
Strongblow in Christ Church, Dublin); yet the mixed money being established in this king
dom before the day of payment, may well be tendered in discharge of the taid obligation
and the obligee is bound to accept it; and if he refuses It and waits until the money be
changed again, the obligor is not bound to pay other money of better substance, but it is
sufficient it he be always ready to pny his mixed moneys according to the rate for which they
were current at ihe time of the tender.
"Ami as to the circumstance of the pay place, It was resolved that although the contract was
made in London, vet the place of judgment being appointed in Dublin, of "necessity the obli
gor must make his tender in the mixed money at the time of payment; for all other money
was cried down and made bullion by the proclamation aforesaid and this money only estali
lished; so that if the obligee had refused this mixed money he had committed a contempt, for
which he might be punished. Also the judges are not bound to take notice of any money that
is not current by proclamation."
These, then, are tne six points of law on which the chief judges of the highest court in
England based their famous decision in the "mixed money" case of Gilbert against Brett in
ICOI, which was to the effect "that the tender of £100 in mixed money, at the day and plHee
named in the contract, was good and sufficient in law, and that said Brett should not be
obliged at any time niter to pny other money in discharge of the debt than this mixed
money." at its current rate, which was Its lace value.
As the decision and tne points by which it is sustained remain to this day the law of Eng
land, a nation conceded l y all to be governed and inspired by high commercial and financial
honor, I commend to certain of my fellow-citizens who prate so much of Populistic repudia
tion a close study and mental assimilation of the English law laid down in the case just re
viewed of Gilbert against Brett in the hoie that they may clear their minds of bankers' cant
and learn how to use their reason when it is set free from >>(.>. l-degrading prejudice.
Of course it is hard for me to forego a littlecaustic comment on some of the solemn-visaged
dogmas of money-lenders, but honest readers of average intelligence need no spur to qnicken
thepHCe of heir wits when once they are in possession of the law and the facts concerning
this vital issue which we call the money question; and, in spite of prejudice and insidious
misinformation liberally dealt out to them, a constantly Increasing number of deluded citizens
are eetting their eyes open and beginning to see things for themselves.
Perhaps I ougnt not to close tnls communication without adding the single remark that
hr the mixed money was legal tender and performed all the functions of the former money in
ustj in that kingdom, but which had been demonetized by proclamation of the sovereign
Qu-en Bt-ss. there was no wrong dove Gilbert when lie wt9 paid in mixed money eince tbe
intrinsic value of the coins used cut no figure in discharging the debt. The debt was created
by law. and it was paid by law. The mixed monry nad tne same value in law as a debt-paving
acent that the lormer money possessed. The debt was paid and fuliy discharged, and Gilbert
\v«« In luck that he escaped prosecution ior contempt ot the law.
855 Market street, April 22, 1897. JOSEPH ASBURY JOHNSON.
A NEW METHOD OF WALKING.
A recent report made to the Academy of Sciences at Paris goes to show that the ordinary
manner of walking and running is far from being the best or the least fatiguing. This has
been more than suspected ior some time, but scientific proof has hitherto been lacking. The
efforts of raw recruits to acquire the "parade step" have always afforded endless amusement
to the cpectator. No doubt it adds greatly to the "smartness" of a body of soldiers on a re
view to see every one erect, each knee straightened and each foot striking the ground sharply,
but like many other things it seems that this has only custom aud tradition to recommend it
least of all utility.
The exhaustive experiments made in France by aid of the camera hare proved conclusively
that the natural and easiest mode of walking ana running is that which has been practiced
from time immemorial by our own Indians and by other half-civilixed tribes.
The new method of walking was devised in 1872 by & French officer, Commandant de
Raou'., and although It attracted but little attention at that time, the new experiments have
brought it forward prominently, and it will probably be soon adapted practically in the
French army. The characteristics of the pas de flexion, or "flexion step," are that the body is
Inclined forward and the knees bent. Tho ecu ter of gravity is thus always on the point of
being lost, and the only way to prevent fallirg is to keep in motion. The feet are raised only
far enough to avoid any inequalities lv the surface of the ground, and the trained walker or
runner glides along with the suppleness and agility of a cat TheSingalese and Japanese
runners, who cover gixty to seventy-five miles daily, month after month, the couriers and
postmen of India, all swing their limbs in exactly the same way.
In the ordinary mode of walking the energy absorbed in raising the body is considerable
The photograph shows that the range of rise and fall is nearly two inches, while in the "flex
ion step" it is less than one. In running a mile in the old way the wasted energy is equal to
a 250-foot climb, but by the new it amounts to an ascent of only about 100 feet. As in a bicy
cle energy is economized by preventing the useless vibration of its parts, so in the Raoul
method of walking fatigue is lessened by allowing the foot to strike the ground glancingly,
whereby the jars incident to the usual mode are avoided.
It is stated that in this way a man's endurance depends on the strength of his legs and he
is not "winded" quickly. The runner begins by waking very short, quick steps, IGO to the
minute. The length of the step is gradually lengthened. The results obtained in Franco ap
pear remarkable. The average man is able almost at the start to do the first mile in eight
minutes, the second in seven, third in six, and the sixth in fifteen seconds less. These recorc s
have been made over and over again. A well-trained man is able to cover his third mile
in five and a half minutes, and even when loaded down with the regulation arms and bag
gage he can easily make eight miles an hour.
The matter has received great attention in France, where everything is put to practical
use to Increase the efficiency of her army. If the Kaoul method is adopted in the French army
her solders will be able to march half again as fast as tho«e of the enemy using the ordinary
step. Besides, what is of tqual importance, they will reach the point of close fighting in a
fresh condition and breathing easily. Many instances might be cited where soldier made a
forced march only to reach the battle-field in such an exhausted condition ts to be ot little
use in the fighting line.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
Starr King's Open Meeting:— A Lecture
.1- on the Leper Colony of the Ha
waiian Island*.
The open meeting of Starr Kins: Council No.
6, Junior Order of American Mechanics, in
Native Sons' Hal!, on Seventeenth street, last
Tuesday sight, was attended by a large num
ber of person"', who were interested in and
enlightened by the lecture delivered by Dr. G.
L Fitch on the subject ot "Life in the Leper
Colony of the Hawaiian Islands." The doctor
for seven years was the Government surgeon
on the island where the lepers are kept and
being thoroughly familiar with the subject
gave a very instructive account ot the un
fortunate people. Alter the lecture there was
dancing, whicn continued until a late hour.
The hou.«e of representatives, recently or
ganized by this council, Is proving a great suc
cess, and as an instructive feature is, as one of
the members remarked, "a great thing."- The
course- of lectures it has inaugurated has
proved another feature and , the means of at
tracting a full hou>e at every meeting. Next
Tuesday M. G. McClinton. past councilor, will
lecture on the "Art of Printing," and on the
evening of May 18 State Counci.or Schaerizer
will lecture on "Immigration." On the 25tn
of May the council will hold memorial ser
vices. The council has a set of officers who
understand the art o( making council meet
ice's interesting. »
The council intends soon to organize a coun
cil of tbe Daughters of Liberty la the Mission
district. : ■_
Stanford Parlor's High Jinks.
The high jinks to be given to-night to the
delegates to the Grand Parlor of the Native
Sons of the' Golden West by Stanford Parlor
No. 76 promises to bo one of the greatest of
the many, great high jinks that have been
given by this order. From the demand for in
vitations it is estimated that at least 1000
persons will ; be present.. Eugene A. Beduce,
the taunted composer, has written. a long
dedicated to Stanford Parlor which will be
sung at the jinks. . c
OtflnDce Circle.
There was a large attendance of the mem
bership of Defiance Circle, Companions of the
Forest, F. O. A., at its last held meeting, and
there were present a large number of visitors.
On that occasion the circle received an official
visit from Grand Chief Companion Mrs. M. A
Duke and other grand officials. The circle
during the evening elected Companions Levey
and A. exander as delegates to the Grand Cir-
Cl 6. • -
TT lenance Circle is one of the oldest in the
United Suites, and It stands high in th •■ juris
diction. Next Wednesday the circle wilt give
an entertainment and social to its friends n.
Pythian Castle, and arrangements for a pleas
ant evening's recreation have been made.
Acme Circle, If. O. A.
At the last held meeting of Acme Circle
Comcanions of the Forest, F. O. A., two benel
ficiary members were initiated in the presence
of a lull representation of the members and
visitors from Live Oak, Excelsior, Golden Gate,
Golden Era,-- Inter Nos and Vlliaze Belle
circles. The presence of represen a*v« of so
many circles was the subject of much favor
able comment. After the transaction of the
business of the circle was over there was an
impromptu entertainment of music and song
and light refreshments were served.
The ?*«\t Rebekah Lodge.
t^d\ w ,! n^ a of 5 Elgln p lace writes
'£v i VJ^ "^ nOt or &nlzln a new Re
i} I 1 IfMlge In the Mission district Th«
j lady i, given the benefit of her staiemYnt but
new iSbVkS B r ' la DOt "noince «,% 7he
Sil i a^f7Elg! n n |l^ aaiZed »>
Indian Territory Odd Fellows. * :
1 -n h -ft fl * h at V? al ' ession of the Gr » nd Lodge,
iSk °- F -: of , Indlan 'T«rttory adjonrned a
MuskogeeApri 14,t0 meet at Souih JIcAU*.
Noble P. G. M., south McAlester, grand repre
sentative; I. K. Mason, Ardmure, grand mas
ter' N C Turk, Checotah, deputy gn>.:i<l
ma.'ter; William clardv. Purcell, grand
warden; C. W. Hatricid, Wagoner, tr ran a sec
retary; A. Frank Ross, Hartshorne, grand
treasurer.
New Circle of the G. A. K.
MONTEREY, Cau, April 23.— A ladles' aux
iliary to the Lucius Faircliild Post, G. A. R., at
Pacific Grove has been organized in Monterey,
under the title of FairchiM Circle No. 25,
Ladies of the G.A. R. There were twenty
two charter members, an d it was deiermlnea
that the circle meetings be held alternately at
Monterey and Pacinc Grove, as the jnemDer
ship list "includes Indies of both towns. Mrs.
Belle & Hurr, department v resident, was pres
eut to superintend the institution of the Cir
cle, and under her direction the following
officers we r e elected and installed: President,
Miss M. S. Sackett; senior vice-president, Mrs.
Code; junior vice-president, Mrs. J. R. Fm
tlck; secretary, Mrs. Elith Anthony; treas
urer. Mrs. W. Michaelis; conductress. Miss
Lottie Micheelis: chaplain, Mrs. A. R. Pen
ningtou; guard, Mrs. Hurr.
Pacific Grove, G. A. K. Men.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., April 23.— Post Com
mander I. M. King of Lucius lairchild Post
No. 170, G. A. X.. received to-day from New
York a life-sized portrait of General Lucius
Fairchild, for whom the post at this place ia
called. The portrait is the silt of the widow
and family of the dead general to the post
which memorializes his name.
COL. SMITH IN COMMAND.
He Takes the Oath of Office and It Now
at the Head of the First
Regiment.
James F. Smith, colonel-elect of the
First Regiment, Second Brigade, National
Guard of California, was present at the
regimental armory on Page street Thursday
night, and in the presence of the officers
of the reeiment took the oatn of office,
after which the command of the regi
ment was tamed over to him by Lieu
tenent-Colonel Duboce.
There were also present: Major-General
N. T. James and stuff. Colonel H. P.
Bash, Colonel Sullivan, Colonel O'Connor,
Lieutenant-Colon*! Geary, Major Huber,
Captain D. A. tfmith of the Fifth Jn
tantry, Captain Delaney and Capiain
O'Connell, U. & A.
After the lormal ceremonies were over,
those present to the number of eighty
wero invited by Colonel Smith, and par
tooic of a sumptuous collation.
During the progress of the evening Cap
tain Filnier, on behalf of the officers of
the regiment, presented to Lieutenant-
Colonel Duboce a handsome solitaire,
mounted so as to be worn either as a stml
or a scarf pin, as a token of their apprecia
tion of bis services.
Colonel t-mith briefly outlined his pol
icy, declaring that he would do his utmost
to equal the efforts of his predecessors,
Colonel Macdonald and the lieutenant
colonel, and asked for the earnest support
of all the officers of the regiment. Ha
also asked a-, a personal favor that none of
the staff officers tender their resignations,
as he a (.'.si red everything to remain as it is
at present, lor a time at least.
The following toasts were then proposed
and responded to:
"The Coinmander-in-Chief, Governor Budd,"
Major Boston; "The Division Commander,"
Major-General James; "The Ketired Colonels,"
Colonels Suilivau, Bush aid O'Conuor; "The
Ktgu'tir Army," Captain O'Connell, U. S. A. ;
"The Medical Department," Colonel Gall
wey and Major McCarthy; "The Fifth In
fantry," CRptdin D. A. "The Brinadier-
General of the second Brigade, " Major Sime;
"The Field nnd Siaff Officers," Ldeutenant-
Colonel Deboce.
Jobu Bradbury's Heirs.
Mayor Phelan has received a communica
tion from N. S. Wood, a solicitor of High
Wycotnbe, England, asking particulars oi
John Bradbury, an aged man who died here
some time ago. The attorney stated that the
relatives of the estate are making inquiries
for his estate, aud wants to know regarding
the property. Bradbury claimed to be 127
years old, and died poor.
The Park Investigation.
The Grand Jury at its bi-weekly session yes
terday gave further consideration to the park
investigation being carried on by a special
committee, bat no results of the investiKßtions
were made public. The report on this matter
■will probably be announced a week from next
Tuesday.
— — •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb., at Townsend'a. •
— ♦ »
Fpecial information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. ■
1 • — ♦ — •—
Gemtuje eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 4oc, Sun.
days, 740 Market St., Kast's shoe-store; week
days, 35 Fourth st. . •
• — ♦ »
Ark you satisfied with your paper-hanger
and painter? Why not try M. Merigan, 1302
Webster street. He is strongly recommended
for quality of work and reasonable prices. •
. — «. — • '
It seems odd to hear of the Bourbons, who
have the bluest blood in all the world, which
has descended in lines of Kings from the time
of the crusades, going into trade, but it is a
fact that Angus te and Charles de Bourbon,
who are hereditary French Princes, have taken
up the wine business in Southern France.
Fatter Time on the baota F« Rovte.
Three and One-half I> .y« to
Chicaeo or St. Louis — Four
and One- half Days to
New York.
leaving Pan Francisco Mondays and Thursdays,
at 6 F. it., connection is made at Barstow with tba
famous Santa Ke limited train. Dining-car, buffet
smoking-car, vestibuled Pullman, palace draw ins
room, sleepers. The handsomest train on earth—
equipment and appointments faultless. Daily
through sleeping-cars, bo.h palace and tourist,
Oakland pier to Chicago. Tickets also sold via
Ogden, Portland, .Mojave, Los Angeles, Demiag or
El Paso, to all points in the United States, Canada,
Mexico or Kurooe. Ticket office 614 Maricat
street, Chronicle liuilcJlng. Telephone Main 163 L
Railroad Tickets to the Kait via Rio
Grande Western and Denver aud
Kio Grande Kallwaya,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pnllmaa
buffet »nd tourist sleeping car service ever? d»y\
rersonalljr conducted excursions leaving Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday. Only line permlttlat
stop-over at Salt Lake City on all classes of Ucksis
Detailed information and tickets furnished at 11
Montsomery street, or 314 California streeu
For Hoarseness, Gouohb, asthma ANT>BbOV
CHiai,Trocblkß use "Brown's ßronchial Troehet."
Sold only In boxes. Avoid imitations.
• — ♦ — •
When* ill with pains and exhaustion Parker's
Ginger Tonic is your surest relief.
I'akk ku's Hair Balsam aids the hair growth.
» ♦ — . ...
As everybody is liable to derangements of the
stomach and bowels, the need of Ayer's Pills U
universal. They are the best cathartic.
"Madge has more courage than any eirl I
know."
'How does she show it?"
"She sticks the stamp on the envelop© be
fore she writes the address. "-Chicago Record.
is »W to-day:
Absolutely Pure.
h^!t,'J rale<l for il * Ereat leavening gtrenijtti and
neaunf ulness. .Assures the tood against alum aai
au -ornu of aduUerat.on common to the cbe.tj
Drain is.
JKyx*i. iiAKixu POWBM Co.. Vuf*.SATCKDAY AI'KIL V 4, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Theater — Primrose and West's
Minstrels.
COLUMBIA Theater - "Mary I'ennington,
Spinster.'
Morosco'sOpkra-Hocse-* 'The Brand of Cain."
Alcazar Theater.— "! he Overland Route.*
Tivoli Opera Hoisk --Lily of Killaruey."
Orphkcm — High-Class Vaudeville.
c *i.jh>«nia 1 HKATtR.-Plano Kecital, by Miss
Pearl Ladd".
Mechanics' PAViLiON-Spanis'a Carnival Mas-
querade.
Central Park— Baseball.
m-tro Baths.— Bathing and Performances.
Thk Chutes and Skating Rink— Dally at
Hai )it street, one block east of the Park.
i a cine Coast Jockky Club.— Kaces to-day,
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Pan Lorenzo i.kmvk —Picnic riven by Oakland
Rebekah Lodges, L O. 0 *.. Monday, April -'6.
El Cam po— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Bandar.
AUCTION IALtS.
TV K. S. PPKAB * Co.— This day. April 24,
Furniture, at 747 Market st , at 10 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Trobably fair Saturday.
C. P. Robinson, charged with embezzlement,
was acquitted Dy a jury yesterday.
Ex-Auditor Smiley died yesterday and will
bo buried in Odd Fellows' Cemetery to-racr
row.
A league of eight baseball clubs has been
lormed among the grammar schools of t!ie
City.
An ex-convict, known «« Sam Clement, was
arrosied yesterday for robbing the office o£ It.
I'aton.
Edward Fay, Baloon-keencr, his filed a peti
tion in insolvency, with $18,962 debts and 110
resources.
Denis Folev and Charles White were ar
rested yesterday on a charge of assault to com- '
m;t murder.
Judge Penwell yesterday handed down a de- j
cision confirming the City's title to the Lafay
ette I'ark propsrty.
Dousterswive), Amelia Fonso. Refugee, Rey
Palazar, Torsina and Viuctor were the winners j
at Jngleside yesterday.
Homing pigeon 1003, lost between nere and *
Saoratneuto sin'-e Jauuary 5, has returned to I
his owner, 330 JeTsey street.
Brahmseliarin BootabotsKshu, a 'trantrely
eloquent Brahmin savant and sage, who is but
•Jt years old, will arrive to-day.
Henry Schaffer, nn Arizona prospector, aged ]
74 years, declares that one Brown confessed '■
to him the Emmanuel Church murderß.
Elmer E. Mack, a visitor from Los Gatos, was
brutally beaten and robbed by :ootpuds early
yesterday morning in Columbia Square.
The Supreme Court affirmed the verdict of
murder in the rirst degree in the case ot wife
murderer B. L. Hill of Oakland yesterday.
City and County Attorney Cresuell has de- !
clared in an opinion thnt Baker and Sullivan |
alley s> in Chinatown are not public thorough- I
fares.
Sacramento for the north and Fresno for the
south have been selected as the points of re
<eption for visitors coming to the '97 Endeavor
convention.
Chares S. Ham.in, late assistant secretary
of tbe United Plates treasury and now a com
missioner to the Bering Sea rookeries, will
arrive here this evening.
Nicholas Brennan was yesterday sentenced ;
to serve three years in the State prison at San j
Quenun for writing a letter to extort money I
from the late Theresa Tarpey.
At a meeting of the San Francisco Labor
Council lust evening Andrew Furuseth loid of
the development of labor organi«at:ons
throughout the United States.
Thomet F. Marron, a butcher, has sued Dr.
Philip Mills Jones, the X-ray expert, claim
ing that he was injured by being exposed to
the operation of th« Crookes tube.
Mrs. Amanda Fennell has filed an objection
to the withdrawal of the husNaud from a bond
intheesta.e of J. Allen Fist, a minor. She
says he fies a large amount ot money belong
ing to the minor.
Rev. Philip Aklis Hubert, D.D., of Living
stone College. North Carolina, will speak at !
the Fir«t Presbyterian Church, corner Sacra- !
rotato and Van Ness avenue, Sunday, at the i
regular evening service.
Many local Greeks will avoid the Easter ser- j
vices at the Russian church to-day because of I
their resentment toward the Czar, the head of I
me church, on account of his attitude toward J
Greece In her struggle with Turkey.
To-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev. Philip
A. KuLert, D.D., of the Livingstone College lor
colored people, located at Salisbury, N. C, will
address a mass-meeiiner at the Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium, Mason and
Ellis streets.
Postmaster McCoppin has written the Cham
ber of Commerce in explanation of the causes
ot delay in thedelivery of ihe China malls and
believes tne mult to lie with quarantine offi
ciais. The Postmaster-General will be peti
tioned to abate the evil.
There was a flurry in the local wheat mar
ket, the price of December wheat jumping
from $1 20 per cental to ,«1 24'^ and then de
clining slightly. News that the prevailing hot
"norther" is piaylug havoc with the crop had
most to do with the change.
The agitation committee of Cigar-makers'
Dnion No. 228 met last evening and
organized. The following officers were elected:
<j. Blum, permanent chairman ; At Dele, sec
retary. M. Blum, T. M. Belden and Al Dale
were appointed on the press committee to
maice a vigorous agitation against tenement
house and Chinese cigars.
The detectives feel certain that they have
secured ample evidence to convict Kobert Lor
ing of the murder of his wife. Witnesses nave
be n ft und whom Mrs. Loriug, before her
d.aih, is alleged to have told thai her hus
band k.cked and struck her iv the abloni_'ii
and brought on the illness that mbsequeutly
caused her deatn. Tne remains were ex
humed, but they had been mutilated in a pre
vious pov-monem examination, so the au
topsy wis a failure.
BEEJStfAN'S SENTENCE
Judge 'Wallace AVa« Kind to a Tungh
Young; Villain.
Nicholas Brennan, convicted of writing
a letter to extort money from the late
Theresa Tarpey, was yesterday sentenced
by Judge Wallacj to serve three years at
hard labor in the State prison at San |
Quentin. The prisoner's mother fainted i
in court when sentence was pronounced. ;
■ The circumstances attending the com- I
mission of Brennan's crime were unusual, j
and the letter itself on which the jury re
turned a verdict of conviction was so
brutal tnnt it was generally expected that !
the culprit would receive the full penalty
of the law, which would ba five yeaia.
For some unexplained reason the court
was lenient. This sentence means that by
strict obedience to prison rules Brennan
may Ret out of the State prison at the end
of two years.
• • — — •
Millions of men in India live, marry
and are apparently happy upon an in
come which, even when the wife works, is
rarplv above 2s a we=k.
FOOD COFFEE.
THREE TO ONE
And In the Right Direction.
It is not alone the wealthier classes who
are using Postum Cereal, the grain coffee,
instead of the old kind.
Working people have found, first, that
25c worth of Postum will go as far as 75c
worth of coffee, and that while it is not as
bitter as cheap coffee it has the deep rich
color of expensive Mocha and much the
same mellow taste. .
Postum is a food in liquid form, made at
Battle Creek, Mich., of pure grains, and
almost every old coffee drinker who has
some ailment of body will find in less than
ten days after leaving off berry coffee and
using Postnm Cereal, the health coffee, j
that in many cases the old (rouble will be
gone; in all cases there will be an im-
provement in health. There is a simple
and good reason for this, as. coffee is
known by physicians to carry a positive
percentage of poisonous alkaloids which
directly attack stomach, heart and liver
and from them to the nerves.
Beware of the fraudulent imitations of
the original Postum Cereal Grain coffee.
Assist on P turn. I
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
AND LADIES
Brilliant Gathering at the
Drill in Mechanics' In
stitute Pavilion.
California CDmmandery Covered
With Glory Gallantly Won
by Its Drill Corps.
Oak and Lades .Assisted the Knights
in Making the P.ctnresquj
F. ature of the Affair.
Reminiscences of medieval history, of
courteous knights gayiy uppareled in
velvet and silken cloaks, doublet ana
hose ; of fair ladiesfor whose smiles 'twere
sweet to die, were awakened last night by
the exhibition drill and ball in Mechanics'
Pavilion by the Grand Commandery.
Knights Templar, of California, in aid of
the Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home
fund.
The Pavilion, though over-roomy and
trying, except for the largest gathering,
! was just comfortable, every chair on the
ground floor having been sold, and it was
none too roomy for the Knights, who gave
the finest exhibition drill ever witnessed
| in this City, and at the same time the
; most closely contested.
The ladies in large numbers graced the
occasion, arrayed in their most winsome
summer toilettes. Beauty beamed and
i smiled upon the Sir Knights Irom under
1 roses, carnations, violets, camelias and
j peonies, and brightened the auditorium
j with brilliant colors of pink and mauve
j and crimson and turquoise and cold in {
suisse and lace and sh immering silks.
First in order on the programme and I
first in merit came the drill corps of Cali
; fornia Commander}' No. 1, commanded
I by Sir Reuben P. Hurlbut, assisted by
Senior Warden Sir James A. Christie find
Sir William tl. F. Ty;us, junior warden.
The corps' uniform was "smart" and
neat. The white waistbelt and tne sboul
der-bslt and the white-banded skull cap
formed conspicuous lines to show any
j breaks or irregularities in the formation
j or the march and made the drill all the
| more trying, for, should a member of the
| corps get out of line, be it ever so slightly, j
the white belts and the cap band would j
show the gap at once.
Commander Hurlbut handled his men
j with the ease of a veteran of the regular ';
army and kept them at work without a i
break. The twenty-four ceased to be men ■
I and became automatons, moving like i
parts of a machine. They formed crosses, I
\ triangles, squares and circles and wheeled ■
j and countermarched and swung into line >
i so easily and so gracefully, and kept their :
j distances so well that" the spectators' j
| palms were red with clapping, while the j
floor quivered with applauding feet and
the thumping of walking flicks.
The general criticism was that the drill
| could not have- been done better by any |
j corps in or outside of the State, and Com- j
mander Hurlbut was congratulated on all i
sides for the excellent results of his train
ing.
Oakland Commandery No. 11 followed,
mingling female loveliness and feminine j
grace with the sturdy masculinity of the i
: knight errant. Upon the arm of each Sir |
! Knight bung a lady in summer costume, !
■ ai:d those costumes were so varied that ',
J when the calcium lights played upon them |
! they resembled a procession of flowers.
Not handicapped, but aided by - the j
j "fayre ladyes," the knights went through i
j all the difficult evolutions of the fancy I
i drill, forming stars, crosses, squares, tri- {
i angles and circles, that expanded and |
| contracted as the march went on. It was |
the really pretty feature of the occasion, \
and the spectators were more than liberal i
with their applause. S:r Alfred W. Bur- |
rell was the commandant, and he did j
well. ■ -
The drill corps of Golden Gate Com- ■
mandery No. 16 followed with a splendid |
exhibition of drilling, the corps being par
ticularly precise in coming to a halt and
marching with a lull front. The corps
will find few equals outside of this State,
and to Sir William Edwards, the captain,
belongs the praise for the excellent dis
cipline and thoroughness of instruction
: that were evidenced last night in the
j work ol the corps.
The drill closed with the appearance of
the corps as a battp.lion. Right Eminent
Sir Frank W. Sumner, commandant, as
sisted by the following: BHBI
Sir Jonathan M. Peel, adjutant; Sir K. do
Kay Townsend, teigv ant-major.
First company — Sir William Ed
! wards, captain; Sir John R. Aitken, senior
\ warden; Sir Rooert McMillan, junior warden.
Second company— Eminent Sir Charles L.
Field, captain; Eminent Sir Joseph K. Firth,
! senior warden ; Eminent Sir George D. Clark,
! junior warden.
Standard guard— Sir Christian Hellwig,
sword bearer; Sir Thomas Kirkpatricli, stand
ard bearer; Sir Joseph C. Camuoell, warder.
The battalion was reviewed by the Emi
nent commander of Golden Gate Com
mandery, Eminent Sir Charles H.
Murphy.
San Jose Commandery No. 10 appeared
I in the grand march, but its drill corps
| did not take part in evolutions because
it had been cut down to nineteen mem
! bers, owing to the absence of several de-
I tamed by sickness in their families.
The entertainment concluded with a
i bail.
The embers of the Grand Commandery
] of the Knights Templar at tbeir meeting
; yesterday. occupied their time by hearing
; the reports of committees and acting on
! them, The following officers were then
j appointed:
Grand standard-bearer, William D.
, Knights of Sacramento; grand sword
■ bearer, George Simabaueh of Los An
j peles; grand warden, John Burris de
I .Tarnattof Colusa; grand organist, Samuel
• I). Mayer of San Francisco; grand guard,
j James O'lesby of San Francisco.
The appointed officers and the follow
ing; which were elected yesterday, were
I then duly installed:
Grand commander, Right Eminent. Sir
George Dicksou Metcalf, Oakland; deputy j
grand commander, Very Eminent Sir Robert
j Morris Powers, San. Diego; grand generalis
■ simo, Eminent Sir John Francis Merrill, San
Frannltco; gr*nJ captain-general. Eminent
Sir Frederick Mnrvin Miller, Fresno; grand
senior warden, Eminent Sir George Butterfleld
McKec, .San Jose; grand junior warden, Emi
neutSir William iranK Pierce. Oakland; grand
treasurer. Eminent Sir Edward Coleman, San
Francisco; grand recorder. Eminent Sir
I Thomas Hubbard Caswcil, Ban Francisco.
Past Grand Commander Ward was the
leading officer of the installation. These
committees were appointed during the
day: •
Jurisprudence— Searls, chief Justice;
Frank W. Sumner, E. 8 Lippttt. ■
Finance— Joseph Miller Lttcbfield, Trow
bridge Hyer Wood, Franklin Dalion.
Correspondence— William Abraham Daviei,
I Joseph Wheeler Cook, ana Neheiniah Black
stock. /
A Musical Kditiou.
This week's Town Talk is devoted princi
pally to musical matters, and will therefore
especially interest the profession thus con
cerned. Every recent event of a musical na
ture is carefully criticized, while those of the
near future are announced in their variety.
Halftone portraits of representative. people
known to the local world of music are given,
its well as considerable; information ■of value
bearing upon melodious themes. Concerts,
recitals, Easter music, the advent in our
midst rof the now famous Denis O'Sullivan,
mid the approaching musical i>ki vh! all re
ceive due attention in tins udmlraol* journal,
which devote* more fpice to musical affairs
than any other weekly in tae West. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1897.
The Little Gasoline Steamer Two Bits, Wi± Seme Transfer Solcitoil Aboard, Getting Business
From the City of Peking Last Sunday by Means of the Megaphone.
A NEW USE FOR
THE MEGAPHONE
Transfer Men Use It to
Solicit Orders From
Steamers.
Brought to Bear on the City o!
Peking Last Sunday With
Gcod Effect.
Thirty Japanese Detained on the
UmaUl'a by the Immigration
Commissioner.
Competition makes trade, and the fight
among the transfer men seems to grow
instead of diminishing. The Pacific Trans
fer Company seems to hold the whip
hand, but it bos to work hard in order to
maintain its position. It brought the
Morton Transfer Company to term?, but
no sooner had it killed off that opposition
than np «prang the Commercial Transfer
Company. The latter concern went vig
orously into the business, and soon had a
larce clientage. Kat«s were plashed right
and left, and then t:.e Pacific people suc
ceeded in barring all the opposition's run
ners from incoming steamers and sailing
vessels. Not to be beaten, the Commercial
people purchased a gasoline launch and
megaphone. They started in with their
new scheme last Sunday, when the City
of Peking was passing up the bay. One of
the men handled the launch, and "Sam"
Wells used the megaphone to Buch good
effect thnt he s-ecu ret; at least two-thirds
of the baggape that came on the steamer.
The littlo boat goes away out to sea, and
she is more than a surprise to incoming
ships when the passengers hear a plainly
spoken request for the right to handle
their baggsge coming outof space.
The managers of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Compnny are in a qunndary as
to what to do with thirty Japanese tfcey
have on their hands. The steamer I'ma
tilla is sc; eduled to sail next Monday,
and as Commissioner of Immigration
Stradley will not land them the chances
are they will have to be kept on Angel
Inland at the expense of the company.
The Commissioner refuses to givo away
his hand, but asserts that he has discov
ered some new points, which have been
submitted to the Treasury Department.
j Should his contention be upheld it means
The Friend of the Far Distant Fur Sea's.
Charles S. Hamlin, Advisory Agent of the State Department for the seal fisheries,
and Assistant Secretary of the Treesury under the recent Cleveland administration,
will arrive at the i'aiace to-night from Washington, D. C.
He is on his way to Bering Sea and the Seal Islands to make an examination into
the condition of the aeals and as is understood to confer with representatives of the
British Commission in regard to details for the better protection of the seals.
A special dispatch from Washington published yesterday "aid Professor David
Starr Jordan had been selected to go to the Seal Islands and make a report on the
present condition of the seal 3 ar.d that Mr. Hamlin .would probably go with Mm.
Professor Jordan was at the Occidental yesterday and said when the matter was
called to his attention:
•'lt is incorrect that lam eoiag. I saw the dispatch, but I have not been selected,
and in fact there is no need of mv eoing nor anybody with the exception of probably
one person from the United States Government to count the seals at one or more of
the test stations that have been established.
"All the facts have been Rained regarding the seals that are necessary at present,
except to ascertain whether the seals are decreasing or holding their own. The per
centage one way or the other maybe obtained by counting the seals at the test
stations ami comparing the result with figures formerly obtained.
"Mr. Hamlin, formerly Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, would ba an excel
lent man to go up there and take final observations. He has b«en there and he is
now on his way here. He has telegraphed me from Denver saying he wonld arrive
here Fatnrday night and has rW:M me 10 me-t him here, which I will do. Mr. Ham
lin is a bright man and well informed regarding the seals. I shall confer with him
but aa I said i am not myseif going with him."
i that at least nine-tenths of the Japanese
now coming to this country will be de
barred. Thia means that an effort is be
in? made to send the Hawaiian oversup
p'y back to Japan instead of allowing
them to come to the United States via
British Columbia.
A strange feature ol ihe pr«?ent case is
tuat all the Japanese on the Urnatilla
were passed by the United Btates Com
mlssioner of Immigration at Vancouver,
B. CL Stradley, however, has overruled
his recniuruen lations in the case of these
thirty men whom he refuses a landing
' until he bean from the Treasury Depart
ment. It is rumored that Commissioner
Stradley ha" evidence that nearly all the
Japanese coming here are contract
laborers.
Captain Friis, late matter of the Con
suelo. has bear appointed master of the
bark Martha Ihivis, vice Captain Soule.
Ttie latter will return to Honolulu by
steamer, go into business on nis own ac
count, miirry a handsome island be;le and
settle down.
The Tahiti island-trader City of Pa
peete ivill be rp'idy to rereive n eight for
the group next Monday, Her entire cargo
of cocoanuts was tanen by Lnka G. Sreso
vich & Co., ami at least 50,000 of them
have already been desiccated and put on
the market. Cocoanitta and a few bales of
cottoi was all the Papeete brought to
San Francisco.
Dominic KoDarts, the well-known water
front commission man, has two very sore
ringers. Yesterday he had two little Dut
cinnamon bmnt cubs, la-<t night he had
none. One of them nearly chewed the in
dex linger of his right hand off, and
Dominic is now nursing the wounded
digit. A pet chickpnhawk nearly tore the
nail from the thumb of his left hand, and
that member is also in mourning. The
young bears were sold to a butcher ana |
the pet hawk is chained inside a wire j
cage, where ne cannot bestow any favors
on his friend?. Three times s> day Domi
nic looks at his sore lingers, shake* his
head and murmurs, "No more pets for
me."
Emul A. Leydecker, a barkeeper for
Henry Prague on the water front, was ar
rested yesterday on a charge of embezzle
ment and locked up in the Harbor Ponce
station yesterday. It appears that a
rancher named Michael Dillon came to
town last Tuesday and in the evening vis
ited "Henry's" place. He displayed over
$200 in cash when the many steam beers
he nad drunk got the belter of him, and
thon Leydecker tried to get him upstairs
to btd. After a long altercation Dillon
did go to bed and in the morning his
money was gone. He asserts that Ley
decker embezzled the money.
For the first time in several years How
ard-street wharf 1 iiiis not n craft of any
kind moore Ito it. Tne Harbor Com mi s'
sioner* have seized IB" opportunity and
the structure is being thoroughly over
hauled and put in firsi-class order.
Boss Rainky nix! too! Dr. Ragan giving
orden to tbe Board of Education, tee tc-day's
Mar. •
A trial has been made of a new sea
diving dress in the deepest part of Sydney
harbor. The diver went down in 26}.£
fathoms and remained at the bottom for
fifty minutes. When he came up he
snowed no signs of distress.
JIMMY ANTHONY
WAS OUTCLASSED
Barry, the Champion Ban
tam, Won a Well-Mer
ited Decision.
Twenty Rounds of Scientific
Fighting in Woodward's
Pavilion.
Armstrong Whipped Pruit in a
Pnncb, and Rubenstein De
feated Ct ovy.
"Good laws me, Mr. Armstrong, don't
hit me any more. I'se stopped now."
This is what Sam Pruit, a big, husky,
colored man said to Bob Armstrong, his
opponent, last evening at Woodward'B
Pavilion alter he had received a few left
hand jabs in the mouth.
It was the last event on the National
Club's programme, and it ended in a dis
mal failure.
Pruit ana Armstrong were to have had
a ten-round bout, tut Pruit was not a
"dead game" pu?, and he quit earl} in
the game.
The first event was a four-round contest
between Ike Rutvnstein of Sacramento
and Jce Cooney of Chicago. Referee Cook
gave a decision in favor of Rubenstein,
and the announcement was received with
hoots and catcalls. Rubenstein had cer
tainly the belter of the first two rounds,
but in the last rounds of the fight Cooney
scored a strong lead and had bis opponent
on "'queer street" when the contest fin
ished. Rubenstein diJ not b7 any means
prove tliat he was a game tighter, as he
withered in the last part of tbe game and
looked beseechingly at his seconds, as if
he wanted them to vhrow up the sponge.
The event of the evening was a2O-round
contest between Jimmy Anthony of Aus
j iralia and Jimmy Barry, the champion
1 bantam of this country. The lighters,
whoscaled in at 115 i ounds, could nothave
been in better trim for a long race. The
betting was strongly in favor of Barry,
who sold for $10 as against $6 on Anthony.
The contest was not for the champion
ship of the two countries as many people
supposed, as championship battles are to
a nuish only. Tue tight was very in
teresting because of the science and* gen
eralship displayed by the contestants.
Anthony was the aggressor frcmstart to
finish, but he was outclassed bya m ore
c'ever man, who, by cunning moves and
pretty arm work, drew the Australian's
fire, which spent itself on theatmosphere.
Anthony tried time and again to get
within close range of hisgame, but instead
of sending out straight left leads, he swung
at Barry's bead or body and fell short
almost invariably only to receive a clip
under the ear or a straight left on the
eye, which medicine, however, was taken
by Anthony wiih apparent relish.
The rounds were pretty much the same
up to witnin the last six or seven, when
Anthony, finding that he <vas outpointed
in f-tralght-bitting and ducking, made
some desperate attempts to land aright
swing or left hoot on some vulnerable
spot. Barry was carelul not to mix too
often with his powerful opponent, nntici
p--.tiiitr that a chance blow might send him
to dreamland.
However, when the little fellows did
get to clo^e quarters and an exchanpe ot
compliments resulted, tne American
champion proved to the sati«faction of the
referee and spectators that he was pretty
good nt a mixture himself, as lie landed
at least two blows to the one he received.
Anthony's stopping was very clever, but
each time he essayed to land a right hook
or attempted to cross his opponent, he fell
short and clinched tc avo.d 3 return.
There weiv many opportunities which
he missed taking advantage of for a good
stiff nppercut and as a consequence no
lost what might have resulted in a victory
to him. The Australian's leads were gen
erally short. He calculated distance
badly and several times he left openings
a.ter missing wild swings which Harry
should have taken advantage of, but the
American wus not there to take a chance
of being knocted out.
Barry's figurine on distance win excel
lent, and when it came to in-fighting he
proved himself tho master of the man
who was supposed to be a crackerjaet at
th it game.
Neither man was punished to any ex
tent, as the contest was a clever exhibi
tion of good sparring instead of slogging,
which the spectators are more accus
HEW TO-DAT. 1
■
_____
t ?!
• • •
Don't
Miss
To=day's
News •
Letter
I ! !
• ' ' NEW TO-DAY— GOODS.
I C. CTJRTiN I
I GOING OPT OF BUSINESS! I
f .======== *
I TO=DAY I
i|- YOU CO BUY OUR ITt-IIOILAR TAJ CAPES for *'
2. $2.50Ea0h. f
Jf Separate Skirts and Suits for less than cost of material. **
j EVERVTHIMB MUST BI S3LD BY JULY IST. f
| PRICES NETOBJECT. |
t 911 and 913 Market Street. '*
tome>i to see. The bi'ntami gave general
satisfaction, and Barr- was richly entitled
to the decision in his 'avor.
The new n»aster of. ceremonies of the
National Club is a. most remarkable
spieler, who surpassed the great master
of ceremonies, Billy Jordan, in all par
ticular*. He announced that a di«jiatch
was received yesterday irorrt MeK^ever,
which stated that !\e (McKeever) was
ready to sign articlef witn George Green
to fight undfir the auspices oi the National
Club.
MONKEYED WITH MAIL.
That In Why Young Richard Blorae
Is Now Confined in
Jail.
Richard Morse, a ! 17-year-old boy, was
brought up from Los Angeles Thursday
by Deputy United States Marshal Covar
rubias and placed in the custody of United j
States Marshal Baldwin, who will hold i
him for indictment and trial for forging !
the indorsement of Fred W. Appleby on a '
postal-note.
Morse was acquainted with Appleby,
and hearing that / ppleby's father in tlie
East was about to send him ?ome money j
went to the Oakland Poatoflice and got
Appleby's mail.
In the letter was a postal money-order, !
payable to young Appleby. Mor^e wrote 1
his friend's name on the back of the order
and collected the money. Then he left |
that part of the State and mado his living
by peddling through the country.
After having escaped the officers for five |
months he was finally caught in Los An- !
geles. •
lie was examined before toe United ;
States Court Commissioner of that place!
and was held for trial, but not having j
been indicted his case will be laid before '
tne United States Grand Jury to-day and !
an indictment will be found against him. i
When arrested in Los Angeles, and !
afterward at the examination he con
fessed bis crime, and apologized for it by
saying that at that lime lie was out of
employment and out of money and the ;
temptation overcame him. The prisoner j
Dad borne n good reputation, this being
his first arresr, and had always been an
industrious youtu. He was employed for
two years In the nail works in Oakland.
"Ttie money has been returned to Ap
pleby," said Morse to a Call reporter
yesterday, "but I don't think that will
help the matter. It is the first time ii
ever violated the law, and it has taught I
; me a good lesson." .
Woid Winners*
The complete list of prize winners for the
carnival word contest is an follows: Fred Cort,
southeast corner Stockton and Chestnut
streets, 9290" wtrds; Frank Mtgheil, 3^(il
Twenty-fourth street, 8339; Ethel L. Way,
923 Fell, 8284; Etlicl York. 234 West St.
James utreei. .San Jose, 8013; A:frert Conn,
123'J Eddy, 7500; Nita Momukii, '214^ Chtt
tauoo?n, 7188; Leo Levy, Iti3l i'ost, 6002;
Eva Mary Yost, 417 LarkMn. G290: Eieauor
Taleolt, 1828 O'Farrell, 0229; Abt
1213 Mason, 6048; Maulde Nelson, <astro
mi.i Klizstich, tjuio: Harry Benson, 293(> !^ix
teeuth, 5909; Lily Koch, 942 Powell, D7U2.
There was one with otf!>7 worcis, but there t\as
no name with It, and so it was mrown out.
They have a novel way in Itily of ad
vertising vacant apartments. In place of
the placard inscribed "Rooms to Let" or
"To lie Let," which one sees in England,
,i white c!oth about the size of a napkin
flutters from the pavement, notifying the
passers-by that the arartmenta can be
rented.
raw TO-DAT.
Most grocers
don't know what food is pure
and what is not pure.
How can they ? They buy |
and sell many different things
and they can't afford to pay for
analyses.
Besides, you don't seem to
care; and the grocer makes
more profit on the cheap goods
any way ; and he might lose
your trade if_ he undertook to
persuade you to pay more.
Schilling's Best
tea baking powder
coffee spices
soda extracts ■
are pure ; a purity guarantee to
any grocer that wants it.
A Schilling & Company
Sar. i-'rancisco . 605
KEW 1 O-D \T- A.MUSEMENII.
ALCAZAH I TO-DAY AT 2.
Belasco.fcl.at-aillf. Ms*. I FVPMNCi AT O.
BelascoALal- Mile. Mrs. CTDI^IIHU A 1 O.
Tom Taylor's Famous Comedy,
"THE OVERLAND ROUTE."
Presented by the Entire Alcazar Company,
indUUln j GEOUO K. OSIJO U US K.
'.Regular l'rlees. Telephone for Beau. Black 991.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
TO-N*I<IHT TO-XKiHT!
One llano iUciul ooly br
Reserved sea * 60c, 75c ana *i : gal. cry, 26c;
General Admission, 50c. ■ ■
CENTRAL PARK.
THIS AFTERNOON, AT 3 O'CLOCK
Australians vs. Reliance Athletic Club.
CENTRAL PARK,
TO-MOBKOW (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON
AUSTRALIAN BASEBALtBKS v«.
SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB!
i «#• Uftme called at 3 o'clock s&arp.
?TE"W TO-DAT-AXrsEMESTI
xr-u-ij-Lrij-i-n-rLi-LnjT. n.n_n r-.r-.r~-
'nirDLAWILR.C-OTTLOD • o>- u??P3 Aicn«t«oWi---
MATINKK TO-DAY AT 2.
TO-SIUIIT AM) .«U.M).U MGHT.
I he (.r at Double Bill.
; "MARY PENNING iO.M, SPINSTER"
. hollowed b/ the ■ n -Ac. Comedietta,
"THe little inuiviuual."
Pre.se r. Ed by
MISS GEOr.GiA CAYVAN
And Her Wide v l'ralgpd Company. .
Next Monday ...WAKU it YOKES, In
{ A QlSr TH s 33 A.ISTKI!"
BALDWIN THEATER.
A. UAVMAJt C • >i. | tlM 1 n'imi . .vru^r. ••'«••
EVERY MIHTTHISand NEXT WEEK
Sunday Mijlit inclmlnd.
MiIlAEr, SATURDAY —
PRIMROSE AN 3 WEST'S
381C3- 3VEIJVTSI t r i H3ErXjJS 1
WHITES AND BLACKS
Inclnaine the Prince of r»medlans,
('EOKGE WILSON.
The Finest Minstrel Performance ever given here*
CoiuuieuciiiE Next .Monday JNight.
A p 26, LAST %V Ki-k of
PKIMROSf, & WEST'S MINSTKKLS.
In • (injunction with the res'ilT programm«,
Our Famous HlclZt: >-AXE WALK CAKNIVAL
Mon., May 3— De Wolf Hopper in "El Capltan"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
i.Ka.i.K.\*»i::<i miffs, Proprietor S. Manas«
LAST NIGHTS
Of th» Fnc^essful Homantic Irish Onera.
11 LILY OF KILLARNEY.
B IJ PACKS CAST !
Songs That Kaacli'the Heart.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
NEXT WEEK
The London .Success.
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN I"
Fim Appearance of
3IR. DKXIS (VSULLIVA^!
The creator of the title role.
Popular Prices 25-: and 500
MOROSCO'3
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAUKK .MOROCCO.. .SoIa Less«« and AUaiti.-
Limited Engagement of the Favorite Easter;]
' a cress.
i MAMIE SHERIDAN WOLFORD I
In Her Original Character of NORA LOGAN la
Arnota Wolford's Magnificent Scenic Play.
"THE BRAND OF CAIN"
Realistic and Startling Explosion Scene!
i A Strong Story Graphically Presented 1
A Splendid Cast of Experienced Actors I
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and sOs.
31 jit iii«?«>s SBliirmy Him «-nn<l.»r.
i MATINKE TO-DAY (SATURDAY).
.farqueu any seat. 25c: .Balcony, any i'->»^ Hi.
Children. 3i»c. any par; of the house.
Special Engagement of MO. ACHILIjE AL-
BKRTI, JJaritone, and 11JIE.' AS Nit* A OK-
I. A NCI, Slezzo-.-oprano: MARZKLO & MIL-
LAY, BurlPsquf Wrestlers, and lIKRB GKaIS
and tm 'I rick i.uboon and Donkpy, in conjunction
with theSIKRK!LKKS!<IsTEK>. HAHKIs and
i W'AI.TKKS. KRuSKJ!aN.\ BKUSJ.. EVANS
and VJiJOLQ.aua UKLMORKund LEE.
Concerts in tne Orpneuw Annex every evenla?.
SPANISH CARNIVAL
MASQUERADE,
SATURDAY EVEMSG JPRIL 24,
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
GRAND $10,000
Illuminated Street Parade,
AT 7:30 O'CLOCK.
ADMISSION ONK DOLLAR
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(.NCLESIDE TRACK).
The only lericcc Winter ICaceirau^ m Amertcv
RACING &g&g, RACING
Racing From Monday, April 19, to Sat-
urday, May 1, Inclusive. .. :
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shin?.
KIKST RACE AT 3 P. M.
Take Sonthern raclfic traini at lnlr.i aal
Tnwnsend sis. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 p. m.
Fare for Kound Trip, inclu<Uug Ai-
mission to Uroimrts, 91.00.
laics Alisaion-sc electric line direct to tract
The Corrlfcan Stakes Monday, April 19. ■
'l he Spreckels Cup .'•nturrtay, April 2-i.
The CVlifornia Hurdle Wnlnn my. April 28.
'1 he Ingleside Stakes. 4 miles. ."aturda/. May L
ti. X. ANUKOLS, iTesldens.
F. 11. GREEN', Secretary.
THE CHUTES.
CIIAKLKS OATZXX,
The Chaoiplon Swimmer, will give exhibitions
In the hate Lake
EVERY AFTKKNOON AND EVKNINO.
ADMISSION, 100. CHILDREN, sc.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROn 7 A. H. UNTIL H P. n.
Concert very Afternoon and Evening.
Bathing, including Admission: Adults. SUM; CblU
dreii, -<■<.■■
General .\cii;ism,iu, loo: Children, .«?
FICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY KKSORT,
NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY DUBINO THE
SEASON. Music. Dancing, Bowling, Boat-
ing:, Fishing and Other Amusements.
Refreshments at City prices, i-'are, round trip,
25c, Children 15c; including admission to grounds.
THE STEAMUK URIAH
Will leave Tiburon Ferry a: lt»:30 a. m. ; 18:10,
2:00 and 4:OUp. M. He' uruinx, leave Xl Campo
at 11:15 a. M , 1:00, 3:00 and 5:00 P. K.
78th ANNIVERSARY" PICNIC
1.0. O. I*.
GIVEN BY \
OAKLAND kr.BtKAn LODGES,
- For the benefit of the ORPHANb' HOME,
AT SAN LOU£NZO ÜBOVC, ON MON-
DAY, APiilL 26. 1897-
Round-trip ttclcet on Haywards electric-cars, in-
; eluding a-l ratsiion to grove, 50c lake broad-
gauge ferry from foot of Market street for Fruit-
vale station. The electric-cars run from there
dir.ci to me grove. lasgfnsgsfiwimKJ&igffij&g
78
THE WORLD OF SPORT.
Championship Athletic Contests at the Olympic
Grounds— Wheeling, Angling, Coursing
and Trap-Shooting.
The wheelmen are interested in the first
Sunday race meeting at the Velodrome
tracic md also the road-racing contest
which will be held to-morrow under the
auspices of the Golden Gate Cycling Club
on the Haywarda track.
This a ternoon the crack athletes of
Berkeley and Stanford universities wili
meet at the Olympic Club grounds, where
the championship contests wili be Held.
A great day's athletic sport is promised.
Excellent reports have been received
from tbe angling resorts.
The coursing enthusiasts are very much
interested in The great stake race wnicii
will be held to-morrow at Ingleside.
In the following columns will be found
all the latest sporting news.
THE WHEELMEN.
Programme for tho Velodrome
Meet on Sunday, May 2— Road
Race on Haywards Track.
The first Sunday race meet ever held in
this part of the State and the first under
the rules of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs, which now govern all
track racing in California, will take place
a week from to-morrow — Sunday, May —
at the Velodrome. The management has
prepared a splendid card of events, and
good prizes are offered. Attest the fol
lowing:
Two-thirds of a mile scratch, amateur,
prizes $25, $15 and $7 50; hall-mile handi
cap, amateur. $25, $15 and $7 50; one mile
scratch, professional, $50, $25. $15; two.
thirds of a mile handicap, professional, $40,
$20, $10.
It is understood, of course, that the ama
teur prizes are of the values mentioned in
merchandise, and the professional prizes
in cash.
This meet is deserving of the support,
either by attendance or competition, of
every cycler in this part of the State, and
from the hearty manner in which the
Herman D. Hadenfeldt, Captain
Olympic Club Whce ! men.
clubs are taking bold of it it looks as il
they will ail be there, the attached riders
anyway. Entries close Monday, the 26; h.
At its annual meeting held last Monday
evening the Imperial Cycling Club elected
the following officers:
President, T. J. Winslow; vice-president, W.
Mncfarlane; secretary, George Ward; treas
urer, Godfrey Kd wards. The>e, with the addi
tion of E. A. ttozio. E. F. Fnnu, W. H. Tooker,
G. E. Tooker, J. K. Burns and J. S. Gang, will
con-i-.itute :he board of directors. The road
officers are: E. F. Flinn, captain ; \V. L. Wilson,
first lieutenant; K. F. Snydei, second lieu
tenant.
Cantain Trolliet will take the Imperials
on their last club run under the old road
officers to-morrow to Camp Taylor, taking
the 9a. M. Tiburon ferry. The Imperials
have secured training quarters at the
Velodrome . and will hare a number of
men entered for the meet on May 2.
Robert M. Welch, chairman of the C.
A. C. C. track-racing board, is in Los An
geles on a business trip, and while there
will take the pulse of the wheelmen of
that part of the State on Sunday racing.
It is understood that a team of profes
sionals will come up from Los Angeles to
take part in the Velodrome races.
The members of the San Francisco Road
Club under Captain J. S. Lewis will have
a run on Sunday to Haywards to witness
the road race of the Golden Gate Cycling
Club. The run w:ll leave the clubhouse
at 8:30 o'clock and the 9 o'clock boat will
be taken.
Ralph Robinson and Charles Goodwin
have been training very earnestly for the
Velodrome meet on May 2. A number of
other entries are looked for from among
the members, and the club hopes to make
a good showing and win its share of tne
prizes at the first sanctioned Sunday race
meet of the California Associated Cycling
Clubs.
The entertainment committee has de
cided to hold the smoker on Saturday
evening, May 1, at the clubhouse. They
have a large list of talent, and they assure
the members that they will have a jolly
good time.
I 1 rank H. Kerrigan, who recently re
signed from the chief consulship of the
league in this division, is paid a pretiy
compliment in the is -ue of the American
Wheelman of April 8, when, commenting
on his resignation, this paper, always a
strong advocate of Potter and his ideas,
says editorially:
His act shows the characteristic earnestness
of the West, that stern intention to accom
plish an object in spite of any and all oppo
sition. That he has resigned also reveals the
fact that he intends to be strictly str g.i nor
w&rd and honest in all his actions. Had he so
desired he might have retained his ciilicial
connection with the organization and worked
untold injury to it in his own and neighbor
ing States. It would have been a base Of oper
ticns and a source oi imormation ot great
value, ijui he has shown his manliness by
coming forward and tequesting that tie be re
lieved from further allegiance to the league.
For that lie is to be commended; he deserves
the encomiums of his former colleagues for
b"in>j brave enough to state his position and
to adnere to it to the las;; not because hou
esiy is no scarce that it should be patted on
Ute bact when we come in contact with it, but
because the temptation was great and he has
resisted it without flinching. No matter what
t:ov. is taken ot the alleged Recension move
ment, we must all admit that organized
Cycling nas lost the services oi a good man.
At its regular meeting next Monday
night, the California Cycling Club will
elect a board of directors under its new
by-laws. An athletic entertainment will
be held at tlie clubrooms this eveuing.
I see that another Slate racing circuit
i» contemplated to visit interior towns.
Th"se undertakings are never financial
i-uccesses, and the wonder is they are
started so often. The last one only used
one oi a half-dozen dates arranged. Tne
Coulter-Jones match, mentioned exclu
sively in The Call a week ago, is dished
up as the piece de resistance of this uew
circuit.
The Golden Gate Cycling Cluo will hold
a five-m;le road race over the Ban Lean
dro-Haywards course to-morrow morning
at 11 o'clock. The following are the start*
ers: W. J. Black, Robeit Black, H.Wolp
man, Al Brill, F. Carroll, C. E. Unfred, G.
A. Bmittiurst, V. J. Fell, G. A. Hoertkorn,
J. Byrnes, T. Dwyer, C. H. Parks, J. Ches
ney, Charles Leib, J. McClo.tky, J. Mcln
tyre, J. Holle. Harry Knell, H. Sadek, G.
Hale and F. Arnold.
There is to be a match race at five miles
to-morrow at 1 o'clock, aiarting on the
county road in Pan Mateo County and
finishing at M nlo Park, between Al
John, Dan Iforphr, William Casey and
Rodney Tavlor. It will probably be one
of the hardest-fought races ever held in
ban Mateo County. Johnson if champion
of the county at present, an.t together
with Mnrpby is a member of the Garden
City Cyclers of San Jose. Taylor and
Casey are both members of the California
Cycling Club, and are both known as
speedy men in road events. Taylor was
the champion of the county in 1895-96.
Tijere is considerable interest manifested
in tne eyent at the two clubs mentioned.
Herman D. Hadenfeldt, recently elected
captain of the Olympic Club Wheelmen,
has been a prominent tigure in local
cycling circles for many years past. Ke is
a hardy road-rider and all-round athlete,
and has gained fame also as ° timer of
road and track event-, being a member of
the C. A. C. C. board of official timers. His
unanimous election to the captaincy of
the Dig Post-street cycling club was but a
proper evidence of appreciation ol nis
valuable aid at all times cheerfuily given
to the sporr.
Thi> crew of the United States revenue
cutter Corwin, since their arrival at San
Dieyo, have developed the bicycle crr.ze
and they have a reputation for smashing
bicycles which is unparalleled. One man
broKe three wheels in three hours, whicu
is not bad for an amateur. Another ran
down a wagon ana a. so the drum-player
of ihe Salvation Army and another tried
to move an unoffending lamp post, which
be imagined was in his way. These are
only a few of the incidents which occur
daily among tbs Corwin boys. There are
no racers among them, bui they guar
antee if they cannot break records they
can at lear-t break wiieels. The Corwin
will shortly leave the southern port and
when she does tne proprietors of the bi
cycle-shops will heave a »igh of relief.
I would like to see more liands talce
hold of the work of building up the mem
bership of tne California Associated Cy
clintr Clubs, which has taken up the work
formerly done by the League of American
Wheelmen in this State. While the mem
oership is erowine very rapidly, it should
in reality be a sort of a boom. Remem
ber, ihere is no initiation fee up to May 1.
After that date it will be $1. Here's a
chance to make $1 pretty easily. Send \o
Tue Call cycling department for applica
tion blanks and general information.
Spalding.
THE ANGLER.
F:sh Commissioner Vogelsang's Ex
perlencs on Calaveras Crack.
The angling season is now well under
way and the large streams should soon be
in splendid order for a good whipping.
Al Cumming and John Gallagher, tno
champion fisherman of Oakland, are hay
ing good sport in the Klamath, near Atrer.
Mr. Gallagher writes that the fish are being
killed in a most unsportsmanlike manner
by people who will not respect the law. He
says that only flying fish can ascend
tne fish ladder and that wire traps are
constructed in the vicinity of the ladder
by professional fishermen who ship their
catches to Sacramen to and San Francisco.
Mr. Gallagher will try his luck in Shovel
Creek in a few days and he expects to cap
ture a number of Eastern trout which
were planted near the headquarters oi the
creek about four years ago.
Last Saturday Judge Hunt and Alex
ander Vogelsang, the Fish Commissioner,
whipped the Calaveras Creek with rather
poor results, as the water is yet too high
and consequents the trout are not very
hungry. Mr. Vogelsang happened to
stray away from the Judge during the
day, and on his return to camp the Judge
noticed a rather strange look in the lace
of the man who loves aa outing by the
brooK.
"What is the matter, Al, my dear fel
low?" asked the Judge, rather sym
pathetically, knowing that something bad
gone wrong with his young and hand
some companion.
"Well, Judge, I'll tell you all about it,"
answered the Fish Commissioner, in his
open and above-water way. "I cannot
hold a good thing too long, you know,
Judge, and here goes with the story."
"I'm all attention, Vogey," replied the
Judge, as be turned his weather ear within
bearing distance of tue Commissioner's
piscatorial bazoo.
"Just as I had quit fishing I met four
fellows who were on the homeward tack.
They said that they resided in San Jose.
Very well.
" 'How did you make it, boys,' I asked,
not forgetting, oi course, to put on my
usual best-I-know-how smile.
"The big fellow oi the party sized me
vp — you know in the way country fellows
generally do — and then shouted, 'Didn't
do a tning!'
"Well, when the fellow got to talking 1
thought it was all day with me.
" 'Look here,' said he, 'are you from
'Frisco?'
"I answered in the affirmative, of
course, and you could not guess what fol
lowed. Listen clo-.ely.
" 'If you will be kind enoush,' he con
tinued, 'to pay a visit to them 'ere Fish
Commissioners and aak them to get a
move on up this way when the breeding
season is on, there will be some fish left
for the anglers when the angling season
opens.'
"He had finished giving me particulars
concerning the amount of poaching that
was done in the winter months, when I
startled Him with the information that
he was addressing a Fish Commissioner.
"We had quite a pleasant chat, by the
way, and after I had explained to him
how we were cramped for money he made
allowance for the Fisn Commission and
threw the burden of blame on the game
warden of the county.
"But wasn't it a novel experience,
Judge?
"And of coarse, what could I do in the
premises but acquiesce and have Vogey
promise that he will take an interest in
tne breeding lisi.es of the beautiful
Calaveras next season."
First-ciass trout fishing is reported from
the headwaters of the Geysers. The
tributaries of the Pluton are furnishing
grand sport to anglers.
The following card from Horace Smyth,
secretary of tne Fly Casting Club, is sell
explanaiory:
Ban Francisco, April 20, 1897.
Dear Sir: You will please take notice that
on Tuesday evening, Aoril 27, at 8:30 o'clock,
Dr. Charles H. Gilbert will deliver his lecture
on "FresbWater Fish of California," nl tne
rooms ot the State Board of Fish Commission
ers, No. 78. Flood building. A prompt and
full attendance of members is requested.
Horace Smyth, Secretary.
BOXING.
Clubs Will In Future Provide a
Covering for the Rlnsr
Floor.
It was rather rough on the club recently
organized at San Jose that its first enter
tainment should nave such a sad ending.
It is not the first time in the history of
the ring, however, that death followed a
blow which, although not severe, had
force sufficient in it to send the recipient
in a state of unconsciousness on the flat of
his back, there to {remain until counted
out for all time.
In some of the examinations which have
followed the sad termination of a fistic
contest physicians have testified that the
effect of the blow was not so much the
cause of death as the effect of the fall
which followed what is generally termed
the knock-out blow.
The s&ull of 6ome men is very thin,
consequently a slight tap may cause con
cussion of the brain. It can, therefore, be
seen that when a fighter falls on a hard
and bare floor whtn in a state of coma aad
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1897.
The Yacht Aeolus Running Before the Wind.
his skull comes in contact with a substance
that is not even pliable, tne result must
necessarily be severe.
Time and again the managers of boxing
clubs have been a-ked to place a covering
over the boards of a ring; but because of
neglect or because of the small expense
that may be attached to this by no means
difficult undertaking they (the managers
of clubs) have been personally responsible
for accidents that may have resulted from
a knockout blow. It is, however, not too
late for the officers of locai boxing organi
zations to taKe cognizance of this fact
and emulate th« old California Club and
the present National Club in this respect.
The Olympic Club of this City has a
very good card for May 18, and, unless
something unforeseen should happen
to cause a postponement, the sport-lovers
will be treated to a f rst-class fistic enter
tainment next month. Gan» and Leonard
are expected to arrive to-day, an j after
they nave had a few lessons from Super
intendent Kennedy they will report to
their respective training stations.
Joe Gans and his old-time manager, Al
Herford, have had a falling out. and ac
cording to a Baltimore paper Her
ford says that he will prevent Gans
froir fighting before the Olympic Club,
but Sir William Kennedy says that there
is nothing that can stop Gans from doing
buttle, and that the mill will positively
take place.
N. Aronson of the Manhattan Club chsl
!euges young Sharkey to box him ten
rounds before any club.
Hiram Cook refereed the followine con
tests at the old California Athletic CUib
dating from May. 1888. to December, 1890.
The table will be found quite interesting
to all lovers of the game:
Name.
1888.
May 21
Jud« '_'t>
August 24
Octob r 26
November 27
Dec-nnier 27
1889.
February 26
March 19
March 29
April 26
May 28
July 12
July HO
August 27
s-eptember 28
October 27
November 27
1890.
January 13
February 18
February 27
March l'l
April 22
May 2»
August 25
September 12
Feoruary 20
March 13
April 28
May 21
June 23
July 28
August 28
>eptember 15 .
October
November 30
Xecember 29
McAuliffe ..
Mitchell ....
JaCKson .'...
<"0n1ey......
Havelln.....
Jackson ....
Cboynskl...
Biakeloclc ..
Duffy
Jacisoi
> Ik.- Lucle.
Bill Murphy
15.11 -Murphy
Lleuipaey ...
Mitrhell....
F. Murphy.
KeMher ....
i;:ov.r
t i»-ary
1 oJ frey
MLAuilßa ..
Warren
McAuliffe ..
joiover
Carroll
Meadows ...
Cardiff
iLalilanche .
John «.r.l!in
F. Murphy,
< aßlanche.
heacan.
T. Warren..
1 8. McCarthy
170
155
185
205
118
ZII
170
131V 2
I4i
Ih7
154
L 0
119
161
"118"
166
$1750
1260
15..0
2000
1000
3000
1500
1500
1000
WOO
ir.oo
1800
1800
6500
■'1800'
1800
49
30
19
2
25
24
14
16
45
10
IS
3
27
32
23
LOOS I
C00k....
C00k ... I
Cook j
(ook
r,. .L-
C00k....!
Cook ....!
«. OOK j
COO it I
C 00*....;
C00k.... j
I
L00K....
L'001C....
Cook
C00k....
L'00K....
J0u1e....
Laßlanche
Murphy
! Postponed
J.uKlanclie
Keg an forlt
Stopd by ref
I McCarthy
Ike Weir...
Dempsey ...
Kerrigan ...
itarroll
' ttrroll
Xi ZRiniiii'rs
M McCarthy
iHnutingtcn.
JLußlanche .
ICodfrey
24 U.
BIS
HI
L3SIA
171
57
.o3
128
B. Murphy.
McCarthy ..
N'eedhani ..
Me uiiffe ..
Smith
McCarthy ..
Armstrung.
Rochet. c ...
Mitchell
KllraliT
Aiahony ....
Jaclcson ....
Maban
Willis
Sullivan ....
McCarthy ..
Smith
Phlnney....
Cardiff
118 I
151%
139
1341/2
lei
166 V*
133
125
162
195
112
198
"UK"
115
170
169
110
187
MM
lhi.O
16<JU
31)00
16 JO
1250
Trophy
Trophy
3250
6UOO
Trophy
000
1250
5000
10(0
150J
2000
ir.oo
200J
84
28
102
47
14
9
15
20
9
42
8
61
5"
52
9
23
24
15
C00k....!
* 00k....!
Cook !
C00k....;
C00k . . . . i
C00k ....
Allan ...
|Al.fH ... I
C00k.... 1
■ -Murphy
1 I>empsey
Draw
Mc.-xuilffe
Carroll
Flizsimm'ns
Draw
(•raw
•Mitchell v .
K ll rain
Willis
I No contest
IMaber forft
DiXon
Dally
'smith
Smith
Phinuey
McAuliffa
WI.IU
Corbett
Maber
I/mm
Dally
smith
KlOlduD ....
Uiack Peirl
McAuliffe ..
C00k....
took
iii*"
C00k....!
C00k,... 1
t00k....
Cook i
C00K.... !
Cc0i....:
Cook
C«K>k.... 1
• No club dtriaiou.
According to "Fatty Blodes," the re
tired heavy-weight champion newsboy,
the sports of the Manhattan Athletic
Club lost a nice slice of gold by bet
tin*; on their iavorite tighter, Fred Muller,
who lost on a foul to Charley Rochette, at
the club's entertainment last Saturday
evening.
Biodes gave a rather humorous descrip
tion of the affair, which, he Hays, termi
nated in favor of the boys who were not
in the swim whan the arrangements were
perfected. "You see," said Blodes, "we
did them. The Manhattan sports had
every tuine cut and dry and they felt as
fine as silk until the referee was c&anged
on them.
"I'll tell you how we did them.
"You/ see, they went down to the pool
rooms on the night of the bgbt and
played Muller strong. They ran the
olds down from even money to $10 to $7,
with Muller on the long end. Well, you
know that was raw work, and the boyß
wno were playing Rochette tumbled right
away that something was daft.
"Well, I went out with some of the
Rochette people and we found out that
tne Manhattan referee, Killeen, was sweet
on Muller and that was enough for us.
We then knew that Rochette was in for it.
Well, got down to scheming and not
a word wns said by any of us until it was
time ior Rocneite to L-et in and scrap.
"Then we kicked like staers ogainst the
club's referee and told the Manhattan
people mat unless the reieree was
changed that Rochette would not go on
with the mill.
"We were satisfied to take any old
referee so long as Killeen wouldn't act.
See?
"Well, during tb« racket over the objec
tir.n to the referee I swiped tne mitts, and
then there was a hi^h old time. I did
that trick so as to give us time to select
some one of the push I knew would be
goo*! to us in case, you know, something
would turn up that might go against us.
"Well, alter a whole lot ol argument
and this and that, we all agreed on Gus
Herget to referee the 'co, ' and you know
the result. Mulier fouled Rochette sev
eral times, and in the ninth round the
referee gave the contest to Rochette on a
roost palpable fonl. Of course the Muller
people lost their stuff, but they will know
better tbe next time if they will take my
advice."
THE OARSMAN.
The South Ends Will Hold a Regatta
Next Month.
The South End Rowine Club will hold a
grand club regatta on the Long Bridge
course on Sunday, May 9, and every effort
will be made to make it the greatest club
regatta of the season.
In the four-oared har^e races three crews
will enter in each class, viz. : Senior, inter
mediate and junior.
Captain McArthur of tne old senior
crew, familiarly known as the "Midgets,"
sent a formal challenge to Ed Scully on
last Sunday morning. Mr. Scully, on be
half of the new senior crew, accepted the
challenge, and it was agreed to row for a
French dinner on Sunday morning, May
9. This will be the star event of the day,
as great rivalry exists between these crews
and both are anxious to row the Stockton
Giants in the championship regatta.
The junior barge race also promises to
be an interesting one. Three crews will
be organized for this event under the
management of George Fox, Herbert
Hawfcint and T. I. Fitzpatrick. These
crews will commence training immedi
ately.
In the senior skiff race an attempt will
be made to bring together Frank Duphs
sea, Will McCausland and Dr. Dennis.
In the junior skiff race there are so
many entries that it will be necessary to
row in heats. The following gentlemen
have already entered: Jim Foiey, Matt
Breen, James Pallas, Frank Burke, Al
Fritz, Archie Campbell, Charles Cutter
and James Feehan.
Ous Carson, the afterwaist of the seniar
crew, is wanted at the South End boat
house.
The Sonth Ends' picnio on May 2 to
Bohemia Grove promises to be a grand
success.
The Dolphins will hold their annual
picnic at Bohemia Grove to-morrow.
Great preparations have been made, and
the outing is bound to be a great success.
THE YACHTSMAN.
The Corinthians Will Hold Their
Opening To- Day.
The Corinthians will take their turn and
open their season to-day. The committee
has issued the following announcement:
Corinthians : On Saturday, April 24, we will
welcome our season o{ '97 with the customary
Corinthian festivities. The clubhouse will ba
opened early for the reception of our lady
friends and their escort*. Refreshments will
be served during the afternoon, and the time
passed with music and dancing until the de
parureofour guests on the boat leaving at
5 :40 P. M Owners are requested to have their
yachts dressed for the occasion. Those unable
to attend to this personally may leave their
llags with the steward, who will set them.
As a prelude to the "jinks" a feast will be
provided immediately after the arrival of the
6:30 p. M. boat from the City. An elaborate
programme has been prepared for the evening
by a committee which has never lailed to
please the fastidious Corinthian. Owing to
the limited accommodation of our clubhouse,
this entertainment will be only for members
and specially invited guests. For the occasion
the. San Francisco and North Pacific Railroad
Company has kindly Consented to accommo
date those who are obliged to return to the
City. The boat will leave Tiburon about mid
night. Regular tickets will be accepted on
this boat. Three whistles will be blown as a
signal live minutes beiorc starting.
The sailing orders for the following day
are:
Orders, Sunday, April 25—8 A. X., colors;
9:30 A. M , captains will report on board flag
ship ior orders; 10:30 a. m., leave moorings at
signal from the coinmouore lor squadron cruise
in two divisions; all yachts over thirty feet
wnterline length will follow the flagship
Clara; the remainder of the fleet will follow
the vice-commodure in the .Solus. A commit*
tee will be In attendance 10 arrange for the
accommodation of non-yacht owners on the
yachts of members.
Following are the Corinthian commit
tees:
Reception committee— Commodore Alex J.
Young, Vice-Commodore Carl Westerfeld, E.
B. Lathrop C. L. Barrett, J. H. Keeie, F. R.
Cook and W. F. Finher; floor committee— J. M.
Mattoon, J. Short Jr., Robert Dean, R. H. Mor
row and F. M. Thornton; floor manager, E. S.
Emmoas; Jinks committee— M. A. Newell, J.
V. O'Brien, F. M. Thornton, W. H. Crowell, D.
H. McL,amjhlin and 0- Ellinghouse.
The has been chosen by the Co
rinthian Yacht Club to compete for the
San Francisco challenge cup now neld by
the Eucinals.
A formal challenge was sent to the En
cinali a few days ago and the probability
is that the latter club will accept. It ia
expected that the Fawn will be chosen,
and as both yachts are in the same class a
great rnoe should be the result.
The .El us is owned by genial Bob
Morrow and Vice-Commodore Westerfeld.
S c was designed by Leonard ana bailt by
Frank Stone.
The A', mis has shown great speed, and
in the last regatta made an excellent
showing against ex-Commodore Pew's
yacht Truant.
J. It. Savory's yacht Juanita is on the
beach having her bottom painted and in
terior renovated and will go in commis
sion to-morrow.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
How the Historic Game Has Taken
Root In California.
Now that the cricket season of 1897 is
weli under way a chirp or two regarding
the growth of the game locally seems to
be in order.
It is now over thirty years since the
game was regularly established in Cali
fornia by the formation of the old Pacific
and the Occident clubs, which in the early
sixties Bent a team to British Columbia.
Some years later whe San Francisco Club
came into existence, and in 1879 the boys
of Trinity and the Boys' High School
formed a junior clu§, playing ac the Pre
sidio. In the following year the well
known Merion Club. uiuler the able presi
dency of William Greer Harrison, ap
peared on the held, and for tnree years
competed zealously with the Occident an<l
the then existing interior clubs of Grass
Valley and Nevadn City.
From lS»2to ISBS there wa* a hiatus in
local cricketuom, brought about chiefly by
the breaking up of the Aierions, but in the
iatter year a great revival took place, no
le*s ttian four ciubs, the Pacific, Burnaby,
Oakland nnd AiameJa springing up, to
say nothing of several country clubs, in
ridding Lake County, San Jose, Penryn,
Bukersfie.d, Hanford, Santa Cruz, Los
Angelas. R:verside and Mill Valley.
In 1&90 the California Cricket Associa
tion was formed for the purpose of gener
ally directing cricket affairs in California
and since then the game has steadily
grown in public favor. The Burnaty and
Oakland clut>« were short lived, hut their
places were taken by the Bohemian and
Caliiornian cubs whicli, with the Pacific
and Alameda combinations, seem to have
come to stay.
Every bunday and holiday during the
season interclub matches for a challenge
cup are played— one at Webster ttreet,
Alameda; ihe other »t Golden Gate — and
matches against the country clubs will
take place from time to time?
The match last year against the world
famed Australian eleven, while resulting,
as was inevitable, adversely for the local
players, did much toward bringing the
game before the public, and the effect is
already s. en in the increased attendance
of spectators on the grounds.
An excellent cricket song has just been
issued hy the musical and poetic talent of
the Harrow (England) School. It has a
rattling chorus and begins thus:
Willow the King is a monarch grand;
Tnree in a row his courtiers stand;
Every day when the sun shines bright
The doors 01 his palace are paintea white,
And all toe company bow their backs
To ihe King with the collar of cobbler's wax.
So hoi so ho! dqht tne courtiers sing
Honor and Hie to" Willow the Kingl
The games scheduled for to-morrow are:
At Alnmeda, Pacifies vs. Caiifornias; at
Golden Gate, Bohemias vs. Alameda.
Umpire.
BASEBALL.
The Academic League Season
Opens To- Day.
At the California League grounds to
morrow the following games will be
played:
First game called at 8:30 a. m.—Excel
■iors ys. J. P. Swartz & Co.'a, lor a purse
of $25.
Second game called at 10:30 a. m.
Young Men's Institute ts. Union Iron
Works.
The teams will line up as follows :
Young Men's Institute— T. P. O'Brien,
pitcher; J. T. Maroney, catcher; VV. D. Sulli
van, first base; McUlnty, second base; F. J.
Koran, third base; J. Mc-Cormack, shortstop;
Miles, left field; McCormack, right field: L,ang
i' v, center field; Donaldson and O'Leary, sub
stitutes.
Union Iron Works — Murphy, pitcher; Shee
hau, catcher; F. Deimas, first base; P. Dclmaa,
second base; McCifferty, third base; Beckett,
shortstop; O'Neil, lett field; Cronan, right
ne.d; 6ione, center field; F. Brandt, substi
tute.
In tie afternoon the J. J. O'Briens will
play the White House team.
Tne Presidio grounds will be occupied
to-day by the Acadaray League. The fol
lowing games will be played: At 12:30
the California School of Mechanical Arts
v*. Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
and at 2:30 Lowell High School vs. Sel
bourne School.
At the Presidio athletic grounds to
morrow the Caliopeans will play the
George H. Tay* in the morning, and in
the afternoon the Will & Fincka will play
the Nolan Bros.
Basket- Ball.
A game of unusual interest was played
last Thursday evening at ibe Y. M. C. A.
Gymnasium between the Rushers of San
Francisco and the Cyclones of Oakland.
The Rushers felt like calling it bad luck
when the ball was on the road to the bot
tom of their basket, but roiled around the
rim to drop outside. And it happened so
often! Tie Cyclones of Oakland showed
excellent team work and did some beauti
ful goal throwing, which accounts lor the
score of 13 to 3 in their favor.
The Cyclones and the Rushers are fight
ing for third place in the championship
series. Fir.-v and second places are con
ceded to the iiusiuess Men of this City
and to the Athens of Oakland. The score
now stands as follows:
Tkam. won. Lost.
Business Men, Han Francisco 8 0
Athens, Oakland 5 3
C;.cior.es, Oakland 3 5
Rushers, San Francisco 3 5
Niiitiy-seveu-*, s un lranclsco 0 g
Handball.
Games scheduled to take place at Phil
Ryan's court on Howard street to-morrow
are:
M. Edwards and E. Curley ys. W^tansbury
and G. Maguire; D. Rogers and P. Ryan v-.
M. McNeil and G. McDonald; J. Collins and J.
White vs. R. Murphy and E. Toy; J. Nagle and
M. Fogarty vi. M. O'Brien and D. O'Brien; J
C. Nealon and P. Donnelly vs. R. Linenan and
J. Feeney.
The event of the day will be a tingle-handed
game for the championship of the coaat be
tween John Kiordau and X. F. Bonnet.
Gun Club Contests.
The shooting events announced to take
place to-morrow are: Olympic Gun Club
at Ingle?ide} Reliance Gun Club at
Webster-street grounds, ana Empire Club
at Alameda Point.
Sacramento Sporting News.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 22.— The main
topic of interest among the local sporting
men at present is the boxing contests that
will take place before the Sacramento Athletic
Club on the evening of the 29th inst., when
Harry Woods of San Francisco and James J.
Ryan of New York, welter weights, will give a
ten-round contest, and Tom Cooney of Boston
will maet P. Daly of San Francisco in a ten
round go.
The 100-mlle road race between the Capital
and Terminal City Wheelmen will take
place next Sunday. It is claimed that Stock
ton will have three teams entered and that
they will put up a great fight for the trophy.
Some unprincipled joker rushed into the
Golden Eagie Hotel this week and inlormed
Galey Graham, "Secto crack trout fisher," that
there was a great run of salmon trout in the
river and that they bad entered the overflow
and were taking the fly in good shape. The
news proved to be too great a temptation for
Galey. He took an afternoon off, and mount
ing his wheel rode out on lhe <Jr:int and for
several hours iv a driving raiu he persistently
whipped the surface of che overflow with
artistic casts that would tempt any ordinary
trout to instantly commit suicide, but with
out success. They were not there. It is
claimed that "Parson" Upson was also a vic
tim. A fly-casting club will soon be organ
ized. Report has i i that the trout are taking
fhe fly in lbs vicinity of Truckee, ana that
several nice baskets of fish have been picked
out of the streams. William and John Gerber
went afield this week and made good baes of
English snipe, as the birds have been^lenti
lul of late. Joe Terry has at last received ln
lormation that will probably result in the
recovery of his valuable setter, which was
stolen several months ago.
The live bird shoot of thfl Pelican Gun Club,
heid last Sunday, demonstrated that "Xid r>
Nicolaus is as good at the feathers as he is at
the clay birds. The scores wre as follows:
E. A. Nicoluus 17, Rim Flint 16, H. Gerber 15.
F. B. Adams 14, F. Ruhstal er Sr. 13, F. Ruh
staller Jr. 12. K. D. Adams 11. L. & Up;on 11,
F. C. Yoerk 9.
The new bluerock club which has been
formed at Washington, just across' the river
from this city, has a rood membership, ana
the boys are improving rapidly 8t the traps.
Th" scores made vere: Roberts 18, Soule 17,
J. Woods 16. Peck 16. Chapman 16, Stelgler
15, Strader 12, Moffin 10, Lee 8, Wilson 5. ,
The Capitol City Bluerock Club will hold
their regular shoot on Sui.dny at tne Kimball
and Upson grounds. Rctherfobd.
ALL READY FOR THE MEET
Berkeley Debaters and Ath'etes
Prepared to Face the
fctan'ord Men.
Much Specuiat on In uieed la as to
the Prob b e Outcome of
Beth Contests-
BERKELEY, Cal., A*pril 23.— Second
only in importance to t c day of the an
nual intercollegiate football game in the
eyes of the Univeriity of California stu
dents will be to-morrow. The muscle of
Berkeley and S.anford will meet in the
afternoon to decide the honors of track
and field athletics, and in ihe evening the*
brains of the two institutions will meet
on the rostrum. On the aame evening the
Skull and Keys Fraternity will present its
annnal play at the MacJonough Theater
in Oakland.
On the eve of the battle with Stanford,
Drum of Berkeley, Short-Distance
Runner, From Whom Great
Things Are Expected in To-
Day's Game*
the U. C. men are anything bat confident.
Though buoyed ap by the series of suc
cesses against the Palo Alto men on the
rostrum, the debaters realize this time
that they have three formidable oppo
nents in the Stanford representatives.
As to the result of the athletic contest
the U. C. men are very apprehensive.
With a tie last year facing them, and a
minority of first-place men this year as
against a strong aggregation of Palo Alto
men, the chances for a victory are any
thing but promising. Yesterday and to
day have been spent by the athletes in
resting and in being rubbed down by the
trainer*. As to the debaters. H. A. Over
street, C. C. Cohn and A. t. Weil, they
have been whetting their wits and putting
their arguments into final shape.
The debate will oe held at 8 o'clock in
Metropolitan Temple.
The field day will take place at the
Olympic grounds, beginning at 2 o'clock.
At 1 o'clock the bicycle races will be run
off at ti.e Velodrome. One admission
ticket will serve for both trie bicycle race
and the field day proper. The entire entry
list of athletes has already been published
in The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.,
April 23. — Everything is in readiness fur
• NEW TO-DAY.
I^. TOBEJANLY!
fr^J^Mfc 'wKVL j When you become weak and irritable;
♦ V\flh Y'^^i. when you wake up in the n ' 2ht in a bad
X\Y ♦ A tgEl VJZI \ dream ; when your appetite fails you and
r / * --'4J^s)\^O! \l you get that tired v feeling ; when your
li / /^^iv4v / manhood is almost gone and you get into
11 V '& !\^t( • that dreamy, listless condition ; when you
ill 'T^NJ^ )/ ' know you have brought all the trouble on
11 I ilk 4 \I iv li yourself ; then the charm has gone from
II I iWK. V [M j;s your existence. Life seems hardly worth
ff, ! \l I' ; \ L %■'' 1 the living, you want to be let alone. The
I'lT^yhlV^a J? ',■ society of the gentler sex has no attrac-
\\W' /;•.!]'■ h : jfi &*■}, tionsforyou. Your thoughts are ever on
\ m ni'iiii'^til W'' *' you r weakness ' and you grow weaker
j-i!i|\ 11-; 1 '^^lA f'.'C :''',, (I and more gloomy every day. You don't
Mil 6v"iSL W- lilY ant drugs-you • have probably tried
''MV • ' 3^l WK<\\\\ them - Your trouble is as much an affec-
" ÜBhl V" '^~\ pJSilmj ![■ ton of the mind as of the body. What
Cl_^Liu* "*^*\ I iH you want is something to give you hope
- *-^,^ \M — m \ and energy. If there was ever a time in
- t>Ri> T Vv -^ -^x - * your life when you needed good advice it
""-— *» P^R,A is now. Dr. Sanden has made a life
lately issued a llttle book died -Three S^JTSST^gffSL
all who call or write. It is full of good advice to men who are weak. ft tells how
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Has made strong, happy men out of hundreds of weak, miserable creatures by its
toning and invigorating effects on the nerves ; how electricity removes the abnormal
excitement, stops the drain on the system, and when a man "that there ?? hT«
for him the weight is lifted from his mind.' He is no longer |loomy an/ own s
He regains his ambition, his fire of youth, his manhood. He becomes master of
himself who was once a slave to his passions. Where is there another ?em-Jv^ that
is doing so much for weak men What remedy can report new cures every day ?
DR. A. T. SaNDEN-Diab Sin: When Ibonght your Belt? J^^' 2"* April 19> lfc97 -
have bad dream* tl.re* ortoiir um^s a weelc. It was ate rrible drain o»mv r " wn>ck - l »*«* to
and miserable, because ii was ail brousht on by my ear h, " aT,? o system, ami I felt weak
my losses were all slopped ani I felt tine Now lam strong -a.^ hiln v mV? y ? Ut "' 1 three montna
ness. I thl:,K your Belt Is the b *»t thing In the world for lost manhood and ,1' "° l , r ca of m/ weat
mend it. It has made a man of me. Yours sincerely. " WILLIAM Wli < g leaea lorecoui-
hvery spark is a wave of animal life, giving new energy to the body Thmi
sands of men are praising Dr. Sanden's felectnc Belt. Its toirh k the Vn.,rh 5
tttf AsßS6a?feSs> A personal ca " or i*?*W»-5
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO »>-ißa ■«•• »«»«•
- »B. SANDY'S ■«WlH«lSao&l!S»n£|? - *
the great intercollegiate field day to mor
row. Arrangements have been made for
putting ihe Olympic Club track in excel
lent Bbape. T: c teams have been resting
since Wednesday, and with the exception
of one or two men, are in the pink or con
dition. Berkeley concedes Btanforrt eight
po nts, and that is about the number of \
first places the wearers of the cardinal f
expect to taue. The mile walk, the bicy
cle race, the shot-put, the high jump,
are the events in which the blue and gold
will probably shine. Lloyd of U. C. and
Dole of Man ford are expected to have
a battle royal for first place in the pola
Vl li is understood thai Berkeley is count
ing on first in both the hurdle Aces.
Stanford on the other hand, places great
confidence m Morgan and Dole lor those
two events. Another race which will be
hotly contested is the mile run. Both
universities are claiming first place in
this race. John Urunton, Charles Dole,
Edward Morgan and Brady Burnett of
Stanford are all expected to make a
creditable showing. The performance of
John Brunton in the 100-yard and 200
--yard dash will be watched with especial
interest. Barring accidents, he is ex
pected to make fast time in both events,
as he has made remarkable time m prac
tice. The complete entr, list la as fol
lows:
100 yards (beat), first hen -Drum. U.C. : Brun
ton. Stanford: Miller, U. C; Dole, Manford.
secomi ueat-Bnrnes. U. c: Syrnonds. U. C;
Holbrook. Stanford; Btrtch. Stanford.
dash-Drum. U. C. : Barnes, U. C;
HoH>iook, Stanford; Brunton. Stanfori.
440 yards— Hruu ton. Stanford: Kaistea. Stan
ford: Dl «les, Stanford: Holbrook. Stanford;
Humphreys. U. C, Drum. C. C. ; Drennen, L. O>;
88"yard's-Hume t, Stanford; Smith, Stanford:
Wulker, Stanford; Da^ett. Stanford- Williams,
B;anford; llodgkln, I C. ; Bior.n, U. C. ; Carroll,
U. C: Olney. v. C; Trefeth»-n, O. C: Parkhurst,
f. C ; Klda. D. C; Wise, U. C; liaseltlne, U. C;
Kiisr^ni:;. U. C.
Mile mv— Walker, Stanford: Burnett, Stanford;
Dm-nre t, Stanford; Smith, Stanford; Williams,
Stanford; Jack sou, U. C; irefethen. U. C: Raa
mussen. U. l\J Allen, U. U; Haskell, U. C|
Br.mn, C. C. : Carroll. L/C.
120- ard hurdle: First heat— Dawson, U. C;
Ba.ewcil, U. C. ; Morgan, SUnu.rci; Wilson, U. C.
Seco.id hfat— Che^ , U. C i Toland.. U. C. ; Dole,
Stanford; Pope, Stanford.
'..'2O-yard hurdle: First heat— Miller, U. C; To
land. U C: W.lson, Stanford.
»*>ci>nd heat— Dawson, U. C.J Dole, Stanford.
Third hea — Lloyd, U. C.; Morgan, Stanford;
Bakewell, V. C . „ _
.Miie walK— "iriffln, U. C; Westerfoid, I/. C;
Altken, U. C. ; skaife, V. G; Adams, Stanford:
Sampson. Stanford.
Two-mile bicycle, mile he»ts— First heat-
Squires. U. C. ; -Murphy, Stanford; Kuster, U. C;
Etan, U. «'. : Kodie, U. V.
second heat-crafts. V. C; Lawtoa Stanford;
Lemmon, U. C: irost. U. C _,..,__'.
Pole vault— Dole, Stanford: Boyd, Stanford;
CheeK, U. Us Lloyd, U. C. ; Hoffman, U. C.;
Mumma. U. C ...
Kunnlng h'gh jump— Dole, Stanford; Morgan,
Stanford: Boyd. Stanford: Hoffman, TJ. U] 1*
Mil er, U. C; Bakewell, C. C: Burrell, U. C;
Dozior, U. C; Cheek, O. C.
hunningb oed jumi— Dale, str.nford; Brnnton,
Stanford; Jlihnson, StanforJ; Clemans, Stanford:
Hopper, stanfori; Dres er, 1. C. ; Dozier, TJ. C;
BrouKhton, U. C: Slmonds, U. C; Cneelc, L. C. {
Miller, U. C: Lloyd, U. C.
Hammer-ihrow— Hooper. U.C: Carver, TJ. C!
Dorn, V. U.J blmpson. V. C; Fickert, Stanford;
Freeman, Stanford: Hazzard, Stanford.
shot-put— Carle, stamord; Fickert, Stanfori;
Frecmau, Stanford; McDermoit, U. C: Cheek, U.
C; Goodall. U.C; Greisbu.g. f. C; Ludlow, U.
C; Lloyd, B.C
MEEOHANTS 1 ASSOCIATION.
It Will Have an In.pector on the Geary
Street Pavement.
The regular meeting of the directors of
the Merchants' Association was held
Thursday.
The address upon the "Municipal Affairs
of San Francisco" was submitted to the
board an>l forwarded to the National Mu
nicipal League, to be read at the annual
conference of the league to be held at
Louisville on May 5, 6 and 7.
The question of electric lighting of the
City was discussed, and the board decided
to take early action in favor of the better
lighting of the City.
It was decided that the annual meeting
of the association be held on Thursday
eveninsr, May 20, at the Academy of Sci
ences Hall. The board decided to invite
Regent Arthur Rodgers, the author of the
measure favoring a college of commerce
as a part of the Univerity of California, to
address the association on that evening
I upon the benefits to be derived from the
proposed college of commerce.
Toe repaying of the first three blocks on
Geary street was also discussed and it was
decided that in addition to the inspector
furnished by the City thb association will
have present an inspector, who will make
a careful examination of every barrel of
cement used and see that the bitumen is
properly laid. It is through the efforts of
the association ihat this improvement is
to be made.
SUNDAY RIDING.
Special Aira K-iu.-iit* on Two of tha
Streetcar Lines.
On pleasant Sundays, between 12 m. and
6:30 p. m. , cars of the Oak and Page street
lines will run through between the perk
and the corner of Siiteentn and Folsoiu
streeis, at intervals of five minutes. These
cari wiil bear red notices, lettered "Part
and Mission." Transfers will be given to
and from said cars, tne same as given to
and from other cars operated on the same
streets.
Subject to the same proviso of pleasant
weather the Mission-street cars, both
green and yolluw, will, on Sundays, be
tween 10 a. m. and 6p. m., run through
without change, direct to the Ingleside
and Balboa boulevard, and Bryant-street
cars will ran through to the corner of
Twenty-ninth and Noe streets.
» ■» — •
Read 1 hat ttie S:ar has to say of W. E. Price,
the iaiamous convict. «BRUTALLY BEATEN
AND THEN ROBBED
Elmer E. Mack's Sad Ex
perience in Columbia
Square.
Two Footpads Lay in Wait for
Him in the Shadow of
a Tree.
Ona of the Robbers Has B:en Identi
fitd From a Cuff He Left
Behind.
John Heiden, a Frenchman, about 27
years of ape. has Deen paraded before
Captain Wittman's company in tbe hope
that some of the policemen might recog
nize b.m.
So far, Heiden remains unknown, ex
cepting by Elmer E. Mack, a laborer, who
arrived here irom Los Gatos last Tuesday
and whose sorrowful experience it was to
make Heiden's acquaintance Thursday
c veiling on the street.
Mack says he was taking in the Bights
along Market, street late on Thursday
nijtht when he was accosted by Hoiden.
They conversed, strolled along and drank
together. Some time after midnight, the
stranger appealed intoxicated and begged
Mack not to abandon him, but to help him
pet home.
Mack accommodated bis newly mads
friend, with whom ho walked down Fifth
street and turned up Folsoin. As the two
were opposite Columbia square Heiden
said they had better make a short cut;
'.hat his homo was somewhere on the
other side, on Harrison street.
There was no suspicion of wrong in
Mack's mind and he did as he was bid.
In the center of the part, where the trees
were thickest, two ruffians jumped from j
the shadow of a tree and began striking
Mack with clubs. Heidea joined in the
trouble, and between the tiire-.- they soon j
laid out their unfortunate victim. Before i
ho became unconscious his screams of ]
''murder" and "help" attracted the alien- !
tion of police oflicen A. J. Noiting. J. C. i
Laws ami L. >!. Bay. Tbey arrived on the \
.Fcene in lime ;o see the la- 1 of the three j
footpads rleemg in tiie distance.
On the sround near tne prostrate form j
of Mack lay a striped linen cuff, evidently i
dropped by one of the trio.
Mack was robbed of a gold watch and
chain, a pistol and $J. He was conveyed I
to the Receiving Hospital for treatment.
The officers scoured ail the hara resorts
fcotiih of Market street in search of the
suspected robbers. On Rausch street they i
JOHN HEIDEN, One of the Robbers, Who Was Identified From
the Cuff He Left Behind at the Scene of the Robbery.
encountered John Heiden, who could
iiive no good reason why lie was skulking [
along in the shadow of the houses. When
he was brought to tne lipht it was noticed
that the cuff on the right sleeve of his :
fhirt was missing. The other one, how-,
pver, was the mate to thp striped one
found in the square next to Mack.
The victim, aa toon as he was able to
pet around, called at the City Prison yes- j
terJay afternoon, and in rifiden he iru- j
mediately recogr.ized the casual acquaint
ance he had madi the night before on j
Market street, and whom he was escort- ,
ing home when he was assaulted and
robbed.
Alexander Macliuy Dead.
Alexander Mack«y, senior partner of the
firm of A. Mficitny <t Son, furniture dealers.
7J5 >farket street, died in his lioino, 43 Xou
street, alter a protracted illness, last Thursday
NEW TO-DAY
j For Constipation % \
! Headache fPßrrpft^ !
and disordered [|^ jW$ Wffl WJ% «ff j^g! J
| but one reliable '^^^^^sS^^W^ %
% remedy, and that is ♦
| 50c. and $1. All druggists. /^^^B*«B^^^' ~♦ .
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦I
evening. The deeeitsed leaves a widow, two
daughters, Mrs. Kolla V. Watt and Mrs. F. J.
TJiaycr, a:id a son, Walter S. Mackay.
HILL MUST HANG.
The Supreme Court Affirms the Verdict
in the Case of tho Oakland
"Wife -Murderer.
Benjamin L. Hill, the wife-murderer, of
Oakland must be hanged. Thus saith tbe
Supreme Court by a decision given yes
terdny.
Hill murdered his wife. Agnes, on one
of thf public streets of Oakland, January
11, 1 V)C, by shooting her.
As a reason he asserted that she had
been unfaithful to him and had acknowl
edged as much. His defense was insanity,
and a verdict was reached of murder in
the lir»t degree and he was sentenced to
be hanged.
An appeal was presented to the Supreme
Court on the ground that the trial
Jud-e's rulings on the admissibilitv of
evidence were fatally defective. The
main ground of appeal was that he had
given the jury a form of verdict for
murder in the first decree, of the came
witli recommendation for life Imprison
ment, and of manslaughter, but none for
murder in the second degree.
The court held that this does not con
flict with law in any way, as no Judge is
required to give any form of verdict at all.
The verdict and order appealed from were
therefore affirmed, and wile-murderer
Hill must hang.
FOR NATIVE SONS' WEEK
Programme Arranged for the
Grand Parlor at Redwood
City.
Events Tjat Will Precede the Grand
Body's Assemblage for the Busi
ness of the Session.
The following is the programme that
was decided upon yesterday for the Grand
Parlor of the Native Sons' week at Ked
wood City, commencing next Monday:
Monday, April 26, 1897,10:30 a. m.— Grand
Parlcr, N. S. G. W., convenes at Alhatnbra
Theater. A grand picnic under the auspices
of Bay View Lodge No. 109, I. O. O. r\, will be
held ut Fingers Grove during the day.
1 p. m. — Procession, composed of Bay View
Lodge; delegates to Grand Parlor, N. B. G. Vv'. ;
Redwood Parlor No liti, N. B. G. W., and other
fraternal societies, will iorm at Oaa Fellows'
! Hall and, headed by Roucovieri's concert
; band, march to the grove.
A t 7 p. m., grand open-air concert in front of
courthouse by Roncovieri's band, to be ac
companied by his famous illustrated views
urn! music, at which seats will be provided for
the public; 9p. m.. grand reception and con
.crt at new pavilion, which on this occasion
will be dedicated: exercises to consist of ad
dresses, vocal and instrumental music, etc.
The public are cordial invited.
Tuesday, April 27— Grand -Parlor reconvenes
at the Alhambra Theater; 2 P. M., grand open
air concert in front of the courthouse by
Roncovieri's concert band; 7 p. m., erand
open-air concert by Roncovieri's band, to be
accompanied by illustrated views and music
and display of fireworks; 10 p. m., side degree
by Caliiornia Camp No. 4, Argonp.uts N. S. G.
W., will be conferred at the new pavilion.
Wednesday, April Grand Parlor recon
venes at Alhambra theater; 2 p.m., grand
oie;i-«ir concert by he band; 7p. m.. grand
open-Hir concert by the band; 9:30 P. x.,
fraud ball at Un new pavilion. .
Admission to ball, including bat checks,
$2 50; ladies accompanied by gcnilcnVbn es
cort-, free.
12 p. m., ball supper at Germania Hall served
by lluber Bros., 50 cents per person.
Thursday. April 29— Grand Parlor recon
venes at Alhambra Theater; 1 p.m.. delegates
to Grand t'arlor meet at Alhambra The
ater, where vehicles in -waiting will convey
them for a drive to Meiilo Park, Palo Alto,
Stanford Univers ty museum and stock farm
and other points of inter***; open-air concert
Thursday afternoon, 1:30 P. U. until 3. in
front of courthouse, when the band will go to
Monlo Part to entertain the delegates, mem
bers and the public from 3:30 p. M. to 5 at Oak
Grove Park; another concert at Redwood City,
with illustrated views, at 7:30 P. M.. in front
of courthouse; at 10 p. m. there will be a ban
quet lor delegates at Gcrmania Hall. "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1897.
THE IDEA HAS
"CAUGHT ON"
General Alger the Latest
Supporter of the Lincoln
Monument.
President Miller of the Chatau
qua System of Education
Among Its Champions.
Proposed Programme for "Lincoln
Day" in the Public Schools— Many
Superintendents Heard From-
As Lincoln day— May 28— draw* near
the warmest enthusiasm in the California
project to honor the memory of the mar
tyred President is manifested on all sides.
Among the correspondence ntarted by
W. \V. Stone, president of the Lincoln
Monument League the following telling
PROFESSOR W. W. STONE,
letters have been culled, the first being
from General Alper:
War Department, >
Office of the Secretary, {
Washington, April 18, 1597. >
My Dear Sir and Comrade: I am in receipt I
of your letteroi the 31st u.t. Your suggestion
that there be a Lincoln cjy in this country,
to be especially observed by public schools, is i
a very patriotic one. The more the young :
people of this country study the character of
Abraham Lincoln the more they will appre- i
c ate the heritage of America for a home, i
While I would be very ranch pleased to see the ■
idea carried out, l, of course, have not the time |
to consider the details. You, among others, I !
have no doubt will attend to them. Sincerely i
yours, R. A. Alger.
W. W. Stone, Esq.. 322 Ilaigru street, Kan
Francisco, Cal.
Oakland Is thoroughly in sympathy, as
is shown by the following communication :
Office of Superintendent City Schools, )
City Hall. Oakland, Cal .April 21, 1897. \
W. W. Stone, President Lincoln Monument
League, San FrancUco, Cal.— Dear Sir: Your |
communication of March 20, 18U7. relative to j
; dedicating Friday, May 2S, for observance in
: our public schools as ''Lincoln day" was pre
sented to the Board of Education oi this city,
| and the suggestions embodied in your favor
of said date hay« been carried out. Repcct
lully. J. W. MCCLYSIONDB.
Superintendent (per York).
F. J. Peck, secretary of the Lincoln
Monument League, has sent the following
report of the committee on ''Schools and
Churches" to Superintendent of Schools
Wetstcr for approval and adoption:
The committee appointed by the Lincoln
Monument League to form an appropriate
order of exercises for the observance of "Lin
coln day," May 28, 1897, have suggested the
following programme:
Exercises to begin at 1:15 p. v. and to consist
of Die following: •
1. Pair otic and National songs.
2. Recitations, declamations and selections from
Mi. coin's addresses, Including Lincoln's Gettys
burg addrt-s<, extrac from -his inaugural ad
dresses and Kmanclpa.iou Proclamation.
■ 3. Quotations from poetry and prose eulogistic
of our martyred President. - ' . -
4. Kssays on Abraham Lincoln, viz.: (a) ••Lin
coln ss a Hoy"; (b) "Lincoln as a cUlzin":
(c) "Lincoln as President." ;
5. Addresses by veterans and others presenting
the proposition for Hie J Incoln monument. i
6. The «-.\prcls s to conclude by singing either
the "Stnr-spariKied Banner" or "America" and a
salute to the flag. . '--;?"'
Respectfully submitted.
hI.!M! A BROOKB,
Chairman of Committee on Schools and
■ Churches.
Andrew J. Itbell, Secretary.
it"' ''* ' ■ ' ■ ■ -■;■..'
; From Maryland, Washington aud San
Diego come the following encouraging
! letters:
i Baltimore, Md. (525 McMechen street).*
Aorll 10, 1897. )
Brother &tone: Yours received regarding
i Lincoln memorial day. 1 am in sympathy
! vithtne movement and shall do what I can
| to push It aiong in the school and community
■ I represent when 1 nvi in Oklahoma, in the
1 Lord's providence. Very truly yours.
ft. a. McGonnr,
State Superintendent Maryland.
State of Washington. Eiecctive Dep't, J
Olympia. April 10. 1897. )
Mr. It. IT. Stone, 6zi llaight Street, Han Fran
cisco, Lai.— My I»eakSir : Your letterreiating
to the observance of Friday, >!&>• 28, as a Na
tional Lincoln duy in the schools oi our Slate
is at hand. 1 have referred the matter to our
State Superintendent of Instruction. If he
should tnink favorably of it you may very
likely hear from us again. Very truly yours,
J. R. Rogebs,
Governor of Washington.
San Diego. Oal., Apr!' 19. 1897.
W. W. Stone, San Francisco, Cql—Dkat. sir:
! Your letter iv reference to Lincoln day, on
| May 28, is at hnnd, aud in reply I would say
■ tiiHt 1 think your idea a most noble one. We
j celebrated the day on Lincoln's birthday here
I la the schools pretty generally, and »o anotnex
I celebration now would be rather a duplication
of the former one. I think your idea a most
noble one, however, aud will keep it in mind.
Yours fraternally,
ELLWOOD P. CUBBKKLtY,
Superintendent City sellout.
In regard to the co-operation of the
Cbautauquans, a very considerable factor
in modern <ducational advancement, the
following correspondence lias passed, re
j sultinc in a valuable indorsement of the
i project from a btffh authority:
San Fkanotpco. April 3, 1897.
Levin Miller. President Chautauqua System of
Education, Akron, Ohio— My ;De a r Sir: The
board of .Education, representing the public
school system ol San Francisco, would like to
sliuke hands with the Chautauqua Society.
The aim of the n\o systems i» identical" both
seeking to elevate the oitixea 10 a proper con
: ception of his> dunes and responsibilities as a
! unit of the body politic
We here In .~aV Francisco have this in view,
! and we arc taking steps tOholidify the founda
i tion. Wo are seeking to establish a Lincoln
j i-uhool day. This year It has been set Xor Fri
day, May J8 Tho National Encampment of
tii- Gland Array of the Republic and tho Na
i noiial Educational Association will boti> dte
! cub the advisability of permanently fixing
! some day for future years.
We proi>ose that on that day songs, recita
tions and addresses huitable to r Lincoln pro
| gramme sh.ill be presented an 1 the youthful
impulses guided into patriotic channels. Your
; position will enable yon to help this gooi work
i ana we crave your influence and co-op ri tion.
Bespee uuiy, W. W.&roitß,
President Lincoln Monument L.-agiie.
Akron, O.io, April 15, 1897.
W. IT. Stone, Chairman, $St Hnighl street, San
Francisco, >'a!.: Your letter of the :id received.
1 think your idea is a very good one indeed,
and lam heartily in favor o! it. Yours truly,
Lewis Miller.
Lewis Miller Is president of the Cbau
tauqua system of education, liaving a
membership of over 200,000.
MABOEAU ANXIOUS.
II" Wishes to lie Itelieved From His
Stepson's Kitate.
Mrs. Amanda Fisk-Marceau-Fennell ap
peared in Judge Coffey's court yeßterday
to oppose the application of her recent
husband, Colonel Theodore C. Marceau,
to be released from the bond in the estate
of J. Allen Fisk, a minor.
Colonel Marceau represented to the
court that he wished to be relieved from
fnrti.er responsibility in this regard, the
minor named being no longer related to
him by marriage or otherwise.
Mis. Fennell filed an affidavit alleging
that Colonel Marceau has in his posses"
sion s veral thousand dollars belonging to
her child, and she tiiinks i c ought to be
compelled to pay what he owes before he
tries to shirk bis responsibility.
Jud.e Coffey thoncut thai was a reason
able request, and the cage was put over
for a week in order to have a full hearing
of the matter.
♦ — ♦ — *
Sponges, slates and slatepencils are no
longer al.'owed in the public schools of
Cambridge, Mass. Paper, pens and pen
cils have been substituted.
Is it degradation or aspiration? See what
Editor Barry has to say in the star. *
WHEAT MARKETS
ON THE JUMP
The Prevailing "Norther"
Is Shriveling the Cali
fornia Crop.
There Was Great Excitement
Yesterday Among the
Speculators.
War Scare and the Failure of the
Australian Crop Are Also Con
spiring Factors.
There is a boom in the local wheat mar
ket, and as is always the case on such oc
casions the speculators Are at a high, ten
sion of excitement.
Several conditions have conspired to
bring about this state of affairs, but
the one which had tlie most direct aud
effective influence on the local market was
theinformation emanating from the inte
rior of th 6 State that the hot "norther"
which is now sweeping down the coast is
having a disastrous effect upon the crop.
Dismal reports are coming in from all the
principal wheat-growing sections, and to
make matters worse the Weather Bureau
predicts that the scorcher has not as yet
exhausted itself — in fact, that to-day will
witness it in a more ravenous and devastat
ing mood than ever. Besides this local
condition the news coming from Chicago
is to the effect that the niarfcet there is
rising because of the probabilities of a
European war. The partial lauure of
the Australian crop is another potent
factor in the combination of inflating cir
cumstances.
The local market closed Thursday even
ing at an average price of $1 20 per cental
for December wheat, which was some
thing of an advance over the opening
price. The boom did not make itself
really manifest until the opening of tha
Produce Exchan^* yesterday morning,
and then it proved to be one of the sort
that seuds brokers flying about excitedly
in all directions, some of them, hatless and
ooatless, pu ling and hauling each other
unit gesticulating a:- if mad.
During the morning the December price
advanced in j^rks, a!id at the noon closing
had reached $1 2i. In the afternoon the
opening was quite as sensational, the
price being then $1 24%; but af'.er that a
slight reaction set in and t:;e price went
down litile by littie until the closing hour
was reached, and then it stood at $1 '2:1%.
Wheat men assert that the boom is here
to stay a while, and they are looking for
even more startling jumps next week, if
the European war news continues to be of
uu alarming character, and the local crop
reports confirm the story of disaster
caused by the "norther."
Comparatively few of the epeculaiors
were caught "short" on yesterday's rise.
The niaj'jr portion of them proved to be
too wary to be caught, ana were playing
the long end.
Until a few days ago the indications
were that the new Cali'orma wheat crop
would be cne of the largest ever known,
tut that has now apparently beenrele-'
gated to history as the result of the
scorchinz wind that is leaving ruin in its
wake. The Lay men say their market i?
doomed to be affected, too, and news is I
also nt hand that the fruit crop cannot
help suffering to some extent.
CORONER'S INQUESTS.
The IMm'miiir Coal Conipnny Blamed
for the Death of an
Employe.
The Coroner's jury held inquests yester
day in several "cases" of recnt date.
Much to the surprise of Coroner Hawkins
they rendered a veidict of suicide in the
case of P. O'Connor, found drowned.
O'Connor was a native of Ireland, aged 49
years, and there was no evidence what
ever that he committed suicide. The
Coroner refused to sign tbe verdict.
In the case of David Morris, barkeeper
of ti .Ewer place, a verdict of suicide by
drowning was returned, and this verdict
seemed to be justified by the facts. In the
case of Annie Devecchi the verdict of sui
cide by carbolic acid was arupiy justified.
The officers of the British ship Osborn
were exonerated for the death of 0. P.
Stewart, sailor on the uigut watch, who
died from injuries received by falling
down the hold. Death was due to ttie
negligence of the deceased, it having been
no part of his duty to open the hatches
leading to the hold.
A divided verdict was given in the case
of Leif Turßcson, a native of Norway, who
was tilled by being struct by a falling
bucket of ceai at the Dunsiuuir Com
pany's bunkers. The majority of the jury
returned a verdict that deaih was caused
by an utiavotuaulc accident and that no
biame was attached to his employers.
Thin veidict was signed by A. fc>. Howeii,
T. H. McOi.bbin, William Doliver, J. H.
Manor and Albert AugU9t.
The minority verdtcl was signed by C.
S. Warner and C. 0. .Bradley. It declared
that the accident was due to negligence on
the part of the Dunsruuir Company be
cause the company had not provided
s ifety hooks on the coal-bucket. Coroner
Hawkins approved of this ver !ict and dis
sented from the majority verdict.
Debate of Municipal Government.
Recently the Merchants' Association re
ceived a request from the Sacramento Night
School Debating Club to send the club <U1 in
formation possible relative to city charters, as
it was the intention of the club to have a
public discussion upon the subject of muni
cipal government. The association complied
with the wishes of the club and :orwurded all
information available upon the question. A
letter of thanks was receivvd yesterday lrom
the club iv which it was stated that resolu
tions were unanimously adopted by the Sac
ramento Night School Deba in« Club thank
ing the Merchants' Association for its kind
ness in lorwaraing the documents requested
»nd assuring the association that the boys of
Siicramento would not be fotind wanting in
their patriotic desire to improve the condi
tions of the capital of the State.
Pure Food Congress.
At a recent meeting of the board of directors
of the Manufacturers and Producers' Associa
tion the place of holding the Pure Food Con
gress was changed from Chamber of Com
merce Hall to Pioneer Hall, on Fourth street,
near Market. Tho change whs made to secure
more room, as many mote delegates than at
first expected are now likely to be present. '
Robbed Zion Church.
George Thompson was yesterday held to
answer by Judge Low ior burglary. His oSense
consisted in entering Zion Cnurch, 0:1 Powell
street, near Bush, an i stealing a number of
small articles.
Hit With a Ciui.
F. J. Sherry and A. Fedora, rival chicken
dealers, had a tight at the latter's place of
business, at 524 Clay street. Cherry claims he
was h truck on the iiead with a club, and, ac
cording.y, had Fodera arrested lor assault
with a deadly weapon.
Max Popper's .-mi it.
Judge Seawell yesterday heard argument in
the suit recently instituted by Max Popper to
prevent increased salaries to officers ot thu
Poilco and Fire Departments of this City.
Divnrcc Complaints Filed.
Suits for divorce have been ti:ed in the Su-
perior Court as follows: Linda Schn'z against
Franz E. Schu!z. for failure to provide; Cath
erine I). Farland against Mi es L. Farlaud, for
desertion.
TELL DEAD.
Heart Disease Suddenly Ended the Life
of an Invalid Miner.
A man, pale of face and feeble, with his
ieft hand ciuiching convulsively at his
breast, staneered into a drugstore at the
corner of Mission and Twenty-first streets
and astonished the clerk and shocked sev
eral ladies by falling dead.
After the bo^y had been removed to the
Morgue it was learned that the dead man
was Joseph It. Armstrong, a native of
Scotland, 51 years old. He had been at
tended for a long time by Dr. Mulligan
for what is known to the profession as
"aortic insufficiency and mitral thicken
ing:," otherwise known as be:«rt disease.
The deceased lived at 1123'^ Valencia
street and was a miner.
NEVER PUBLIC PKOPERTY.
City and County Attorney Creswell's
Opinion on Two Chinatown Alleys.
City and Connty Attorney Creswell haß
rendered an opinion in response to a query
from the Board of Supervisors, to the ef
fect that Sullivan and Baser alleys in
Chinatown are not public thoroughfares,
because tney were never dedicated to pub*
lie use.
In 1847 John Sullivan bought the prop
erty having a frontage of 275 feet on Pa
cific street and 137}* feet on Dupont for
$31 25. At one time it yielded an income
equal to that of $1,250,000, and it is still
worth a fortune. Sullivan held it until
the time of his death in ISB2, and it now
belongs to the Sullivan £siate Company.
BOYS WILL PLAY BALL.
A Strong League Formed From
Pupils of the Grammar
Schools.
Eight Teams Are in the Field and
the First Gime Will Be Next
Friia?-
The baseball fever baa seized on the
grammar school boys of the City, and a
league, composed of a team from each of
eight schools, has been formed, and the
boys are practicing for the first game.
The schools include 1 in the league are
the Hearst, Clement, John Swett, Wash
ington, Everett, Hamilton, Adams, Cos
mopolitan and Mission. Each of these
schools has tent two delegates to the
Central Governing Board. They are as
follows: Hearst, William L. Smith andQ.
W. Smith; Clement, W. C. Olwell and D.
Scultzer; Washington, F. Oawlev and W.
McKane; John Swett, Harry Eggers and
Walter McCarthy; Everett, Harold Coft
nian and Frank McGovern; Hamilton, B.
W.»t*on and J. Lapeile; Adams, T. Jones
and N. Jacobsen; Mission, Arthur Brown
and George KaUer.
The >cne:ne originated in the John
Swett Grammar School, and was tfce out
growth of a desire of the boys to challenge
some team to a game of baseball. They
enlisted the energies of W ulard D. Kines
bury, vice-principal of the John Swett
School, and he suggested the formation
ot a league. Thirteen of the bigger schools
were a^ked to join, and eight responded.
Delegates from the*e have met twice, and
have perfected the Public School Baseball
League.
T c eight teams will be divided into
two series, and each series will play for
its own championship, and then the
| champions will play together for the
trophy. In the first series will be the
Jotin Swe:t, Hearst, Fverett and Hamil
ton ; th« Clement, Mission, Washington
ami Adams will be in the second series.
The games will be played on Friday
afternoons, th 9 first to be next Friday.
On thai occasion the John Swett and
Hearst teams wili play. Tne Friday after
the Clement and Washington teams will
pluy, and after that, on the same after
noon, the Evereus and Hamilton*. The
last game will be played on the last Fri
day of the term — June 18. Thirteen
-units will then have been played, and
every team will have played with every
other in its own series.
Each team will pus $1 into the general
fund for expenses, and 10 cents admission
wiil be charged at cacti game. The only
qualification necessary to the players will
be that they must bear a certilicate from
the principal of their school showing that
for thirty days they have been bona fide
pupils of the schools they hail lrom.
The officers of the central board of the
league are: W. D. Kmgsbury, president;
Frank McGovern, vice-president; W. C.
Olwell, secretary, and William L. Smith,
treaturer. There is also a committee on
appeals and grievances, one on grounds
an J another to secure an umpire. The '97
basebail rules wili govern all games.
The trophy has not been purchased nor
has it been decided upon. It will prob
ably be a pennant or a banner, or if sonn
enthusiast will present the choice will be
left to him.
CAPTURED AS "EX-CON."
Sara t 1< in. nl Cnines to Grief Through
Looting a Physician's Office.
Sam Clement, an ex-convict, was ar
rested yesterd.ty on complaint of Dr.
Paton of 327 Geary street, and a charge of
burglary v,as placed against him. Dr.
Paton claims that Clement entered his
otfice and stole a purse and a diamond
StU't.
When Clement was arrested ;i wallet
full of bin nlc checks ot the First National
Bank of Oakland was found in hi-* pocket
and he was wearing a coat and vest al
leged to have been stolen from the
Baldwin Hois!.
MAILED FROM MATTOON.
Mrs. Mary K. Miller Recites Her Tale of
: : Woe and Subsequen . Rejoicing
■ From the Journal, Mattoon, 111.
Mrs. Mary E. Miller of Mattoon, Illinois,
where inquiry lias developed that she is a lady
will and lavorably known in the community
in which she resides, sends the following re
port 01 her sufferings from inflammatory
rheumatism and subsequent cure by Dr. Wil
liams' Fink tills, when all other remedies had ;
failed. •
Mattoon, 111., Aug. 29, 1898. :
"My name is Mary E. Miller, 1 am 44 years
of ape and a resident of Mattoon, Coles '
County, Illinois. About two years ago I
was attacked with inflammatory rheumat- '
ism of a severe type «nd confined to my ,
bod for three mouths. Physicians, of whom
I had two, could not do me any pood, and I
was getting worse instead of better. It was
then thai 1 determined to try Dr. Williams'
Pink Pills for Pale People, which I had ssei
advertised so widely, and to this end obtained i
a supply. In nddiiion to Hie rheumatism I
was suffering greatly with nervous debility,
but after taking less than one box the nervous
ness be.nau to abate, and presently the rheu- \
matic rains grew less. By the time two boxes i
had been taken I was able 10 walk, which I
hod not done since I was first attacked, my ap- '
petite re turned and I soon regained my health, !
and am now as strong as ever I was. I always i
keep Pink Pills by me and always snail, for 10
them I owe my bea th. under Providence, and '
I shall sound their praises whenever and wher- j
evt-r I can.
(Signed)* "Mary E. Miller."
Witness: , Cynthia. H. Reynolds.
' Dr.. Williams' .Pink. Pills contain, in a con. !
densed form, all the elements necessary -to t
give new life and richness to the blood and j
restore shattered nerves. They are an unfail
ing specific for such diseases as locomotor
ntßxiu, ■ partial paralysis, bt. Vitus' dance,
sciatica, neuralgia,- rheumatism, nervous
headache, the after effect of la irrippe, palpi- ' .
tation of the heHrt, pule and sallow complex
ions, all forms of weakness either in male or
female. Pint Pills are sold by all dealers, or I
will be sent postpaid. on receipt ot price, 50 :
cents a box, or six boxes for $2 50 (they are i
never sold ■ in bulk or by the 100), by addres<- I
inn Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Schenec- I
lady, V.Y. . . • ' . j
ffiwi ' ■ \wi-
I HIM reaches out to suffering humanity to ■ |j|
llMh tho form of a safe, sore and effec- 'W&
/|§\J tive remedy for the ills to which / /i|
ra^Y fleslx & i eir - That Is why restored \-~*
fcs^y\, millions pay willing homage to \>jy %
Wi^/r Ijimi
yi^. All experiment was passed long ago. iH\.
.-A It la known to be a positive care J^%
iff BRIGHTS DISEASE, &
Wf URINARY DISEASES, \M
m FEMALE COMPLAINTS, \ J
M GENERAL DEBILITY, \
I * and MALARIA, '1
1 and all diseases arising from dlsor- *
1 . dered Kidneys and liver. Easy to '•
a take, leaves no unpleasant taste, pro- I
X, duces no ill effects. M
aft. Large sized bottles or new style IK
B^. smaller one at your nearest store. JSm
STRONG AGI E fe
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR. RICORD.of Paris is tho
only remedy for restoring strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
powers and stop forever the dangerous
I drains on yoar system. They act quickly,
create a healthy digestion, pure, rich
blood, firm muscles, rugged strength.'
steady nerves ana clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. Price per box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.50. For sale by all re-
spectable druggists. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt" attention.
For sale by Dr. V. Condory, 460 Quincy
Building, Chicago.
rvCT^ CANCERS
HP^^ w ' tn home testimonials
>^W |^^|1 of many Wonderful
f^t\^^l^^^J] I Most common
a Ej JV, Pa ces > woman "b breast
'^Bi^r and man's face and lip.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 719 Market St., S. F.
Send to Some One with Cancer
Baja California
Dam iana Bitters
IS A rOWERFUIi APHHODISIAC AND
specific tome for the sexual and urinary ordain
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladder. A great Resiorattva,
In vigorator and .Nervine, Sells on its own Menu;
so long-winded testimonials necessary.
>AtJ±a;, ALIMS .V IiKUNt:, Agent*.
323 Market St., S. !\— (Send lor Circular)
gA*>^AfVVyyyyV>A>VVNAAAA*A^AA>VVV-^
I APERMANENT CURE I
2 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhcra and 5
Jc Gleet, guaranteed In' from 3 to 6 days; no s
C other treatment reqnlred, and vrlthout the nau->
< sea tine results of doling -with Cnbeb». Copaiba 5
< or Sandal-Wood. J.Ferr* & Co., (imi-cessors to >
gßro^jPbarnmcien, I'aris. At all (irusplsu. ?
The pur* essential extract from the native drag. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without -ts noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach-
no Tomitaig ; no costiveness ; no headache. All Drut'^i.- ts!
THE
WEEKLY
(WILL
©^ It Publishes tl/e Cream of the
c< News of the Week and - a
«=< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
oj ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
OC PAPER ON THE
cJ I PACIFIC COAST
I Always Republican, but Always
News of the Week and
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES.
IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
PAPER ON THE
PACIFIC COAST
Always Republican, but Always
3 Fair and Impartial in Its '
q) - Rendering of the Po-
-3 litical News.
o) It's the Paper to Send East If
©/ You Want to Advertise -i
cJ California.
°\ The Best \ /Mining
oc Telegraphic \/ News That ■
o< Service on /\.- Is Accurate
q) The Coast / \& up to data
°*i Not a Line of it Sensational
°\ 'or Faky, and Not a Line of •
°\ it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
Bright, Clean, A Champion of
OC Thoughtful. Truth.
O< A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
jj ALL THE TIME.
■) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
©< HOME MAIL, $1.50
cJ INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
d THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
BI'HSIAKY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver weaker.
Wheat excited and advancing.
Barley also rising.
Hay pointing upward.
Oats and Corn steadier.
Rye unchanged
Middlings firmer.
. Beans show some change.
common Salt higher.
Rice firmer.
Meat mancet unchanged.
Wool quiet. Hops neglected.
Provisions unchanged.
H»x c»n Limes cleaned up.
BtrawDerrie» In heavier receipt,
Poultry unchanged.
Butter, Cheese aDd Ezgs quiet.
On.oas and New Pot itoes loner.
Vegetables about the sime.
blxteen Failures last week.
Grain Bags weaker.
Crops need rain.
AUSTRALIAN WHEAT CROP SHORT.
United States Consul Bell, writing from Sydney,
N. s. W., A rail 1. has the following to say
about tho wheat crop in Australia: "The wheat
crop of Australia for the coming harvest Is short.
It must be remembered that the seasons here are
opposite from ours, the cereal year beginning and
ending about the Ist of July, as our* in the United
States begins and ends about January 1. This
•year.' Of which I am now writing, will end July
1 next, or, as far as wheat alone is concerned, say
April next. The wheat crop of Australasia, as
estimated by the most careful observers, falls so
short of the usual as to reduce Australasia from
her position as the sixth wheat-exporting country
on the globe to about the eleventh wheat-import
ing country.
"From being an exporter of about 12.000,000
bushels per y>ar A nstralasla will have to import not
far from 6,000.000 to supply the deficiency from
short crops. This misfortune to Australasia will be
Of considerable benefit to our people, not only be
cause the United Stales will supply the chief part
of the nearly 5.000.00J bushels deficiency, but be
cause she win also supply a large p»rt of me
world's deficiency, caused by the withholding of
the 12.000.000 usually furnished by Australasia.
Then, In the competitive markets of the world,
Australasia' abort crop makes a difference of
about 17,000,000 bushels. With a failure in India
and a short crop throughout Europe tins will be no
trifling advnntagu 10 the wueal-growers of the
United Stales."
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency report* 18
failures for the Pacific Coast States and Territories
for the week ending yesterday, as compared with
27 lor the previous week and 21 for the correspond
ing »eeK of 1896. The failures for the past week
are divided among the trades as follows: 3 general
' ■ tores, 1 publishing company. 1 printer. 1 dry
foods, 1 butcher, 1 furniture company, 1 confec
tionery, 1 contractor. 1 hotel. i harness. 1 com
mercial bank, 1 tailor, 1 stable, 3 groceries.
riplinntlon.
Tbe arrow files with the wind. Tbe top ftgnioq
•t station indlcai» maximum temperatnr* for the
iays: tho'te underneath It. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches ami huudredths:
daring tbe past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid]
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iao
tberms. or dotted lines, equal iempernture. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied DV cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in th» interior
and low along the coast, and tho isobars extend
north and «onth along the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Improb
able. With a- "high" In ihe vicinity of Idaho, und
tbe pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
we«tber may be expected in summer and coidei
weather In winter. The reverse of thess conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BLRKAU REPORT.
1
United States Department of AGRicri>
titre. WKATHER Bureau, SAX Francisco,
April 28, 1897.' 5 P. m.— The following are the rain
falls for the past 24 hours and seasonal rainfalls
to date, as compared with those of the same date
las; seabon:
Eureka, past 24 hours .00, this season 48 10,
last season 43.43: Red Bluff, past 24 hours .00,
this season 24.08, last season 19.05: San Fran
cisco, past 24 hours .00, this season 22.61, last
season 18.31: Fresno, past 24 hours. oo. this sea
son 10.63, last season 6.3 i; San Luis Obispo. past
24 hours 00. this season 20-71, last season 16.18;
1-os Angeles, pist 24 hours .00. this season 16.74,
last season 8.94: San Diego, past 24 hours. oo,
(his season 11.63, last season 6.86: Ycima. past
24 hoars .0", this season 6.35. last season .88.
Kan Francisco oata: Maximum temperature
77, minimum 68, mean 68.
Weather condition* and general forecast:
The pressure is highest in the vicinity of Van
couver Is'and and lowest In Southwestern Cali
fornia and Arizona. Warmer weather prevails
throughout the region west of the Rocky Moun
tains, except In Arizona, where it Is decidedly
cooler.
The north wind has been less severe In the
southern half of California to-day than yesterday,
and conditions are favorable for a probably still
less wind .-aturday. Warm weather will continue
In the interior unlay, bat slightly cooler
■weather is probable along the Central California
coast.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending at midnight, April 24, 1897:
Northern ! California — Fair Saturday; fresh
northerly to westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; fresh west
erly winds.
Nevada— Fair; warmer Saturday.
. Utan— Fair: warmer Saturlay.
Arizona— Fair; warmer S«turdav.
Pan Francisco and inty- Probably air Bat
urday; fresh northerly o westerly winds.
W. H. Ham won, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK. MARKETS.
NEW YORK, N. V., April -The weakness
of the London stock market gave tone to the
opening hour, the prices snowing fractional de
cline* all eiound. Dealings were small and busl-
Dens lacked animation.
Industrial shares were features in limited deal-
Ings to lx o doc*, vari.tt in few stocks being
rather wide la either direction.
The mar-ifi was inactive to a degree approach-
Ing slagnatiOD. < luctuaiions were irregular, and
as a rul. «-xcefdlnglv narrow. In no stock, re
ducing half itock 10 full shares, dfd transactions
foot up 10,000 slixres. A majority of the list
closed sllgh.ly hlgner or unchanged as compared
v. !\n yester.lay, and the onl. noteworthy net de
clines were in a few slocks that rarely receive at
tention. The bond market dull, but firm.
STOCKS AND BONDS.
"''.'■•■ Opening. Ctoiina.
American Sugar $Ij2 37% $112 87V.
American Sugar Pfd
American Tobacco 69 371/, 69 00
American Spirit Mig Co 10 13V% 9 62 Vi
Atchison 1000
.Bay State Gas 9 to
Cau ad tan Pacific 48 to
Central Pacific.
Chlca-.'Q (las. 8160 8125 •
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO grain, provisions
and NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
«4 Z^ldesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1934.
1 ■; ckntra i- OFFICB
S2B Mark St., Palace Hotel. Purly A Acklnaon
. Managers. Tel. Alain 6144.
Uptown Office— Bald Uoiel (adjololD>arUl
Koom). Tel. Main luBl. . '
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, M«n**«r«.
Orders imt»ntly executed on latest market oa*
tatioaa, Aeferenoe Ist National Bank. a. r.~
CUCA«gii nUTAII WUU» SUE YOK
C. B. A Q 7160 7200
Con. Gas
< 0rdage.". .....' ■
Cordage Hfd
Denver Rio Grande Pfa. '■ —
Delaware <fc Lackawaaa.... . . '—
Krie -^-»-^ — —
• General Klectric ■
Hocking Valley
Jersey ••e.-ural tO 621% 8160
Kansas* Texas. Pfd....... 9713%
I Lake Shore 16300
I Louisville & Nashville 42 87y a 43i2V a
1 Mannattan Con — k— *6 00
; Missouri Pacific --■— 16 621^
.National Lead
! New Haven 17000
Now York & New England.
New York 1 em ml 98 76 98 87^
North Paclllc
North Pad Pi<l 34 50
Northwestern 103 i:0
North American
Oregon Navigation 10 00
Oregon Navigation. Pid 40 00
Pacific Mail.
Pullman — —
Quicksilver (Con Exchnge). 100 00
Rock Island t>2 «J2Vi
Heading. 18 75 ' 1862Va
Southern Pacific 14 75
si. Pau1....: 7150 71 87Vi
Texas Pacific
Tennes.se- Co 1 & Iron 20 75
Union Pacific;.. 6 87% 5 62^
U. S. Leather
L. S. Leather, Pfd 62 60 62 2f>
Western Union 7i« lv% 79 50
Wabasn, Pid
I'ar silver 9 «'6/ 8
sterling on London, 60 days 4 87J/ 3
SterliDK on London, sight 4 89
U. X •->. re»:l«tereil 9ti 50
U. a 4's, new 123 60
U. s. 4's, new, coupon 124 37y»
U. K4's 11l 50
U. S. 4's. coup 112 76
U. S. s's 113 25
U. b. 6's, coupon 114 00
WHEAT— 10:30 11:00 12:00 1:00 2:10
May toy 8 80»/i 80y 81 bl Vi
July 79 783/ i 79 7»»4 «>
September 76Vi 761^ 76 76 76%
Spot, higher, in good export demand; b. afloat
No. 1 Northern spr:ng, New York, 85@3.H«c:
No. 1 Northern spring, Dulutb, bV(gy7' c; No. 3
hard winter, tile; No. 2 hard winter, 82c.
Future closing: April, 83c: May, 811/2 C; June,
SO- . c; July, 80; September. 763/* c; December,
78^c-
Fi.OUR— in bbls. So. 2 extra, 93 20@
3 50; No. 1 extra. $3 40<$8 80: straights, $3 l-0(£
4 10: patents. $4 ; " -i : 60.
GRAIN FRElOliis-New York to Liverpool,
by steam, 2V»d-
Produce.
PROVISIONS-Lard, Prime. 94 37%.
PORK-Mess f8 75@9 25.
TALLOW— 3y B e.
SUGAR— Cuba, centrifugal. 314 c
HIDES— 16i 2 c.
Uried Fruits.
Trade Is quiet and prices are easier, but without
quotable change. Currants m the only article on
the list showing anytbiag like speculative in
terest.
CURRANTS— Are quoted at 4S/8®4%-! In bar
rels and 4yi<<ssi4c in cases: cleaned bulk, 6Vs@6c;
cartons, ii(aT
RAISIN 8— California. 50-lb boxes, 23,4 c; crown,
4fii.'i«ic: seeded, 7 -liijTVic: seedless muscatels,
sV»teoS, 4 c.
PRUNKS-Callfornia, 25- Ib boxes. 4@7%c; 60-
Ib boxes, ;i'2@7a
PEACHEs-Californla nnpeeled, bags, e^Si^c;
boxes, 7y 2 ®9y»c: peeled. 12@15c.
APRlCOTS— California, boxes, 9@l sc; bags, 8
Olio.
WALNUTS -California standard, tiVic; soft
shell. Be.
ALMONDS— SheIIed. 16@'.9c-
DaTKs— Feraian, 60-Ib boxes, B @4i4c: fard,
boxes. «' 4 ■; cases, SJ^ftStic.
Figs— taucy ordinary, 12©18 c; tancy washed,
2l'@24c.
CITRON- Fancy, boxes, ll@l2i^c.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 11.1., April 23.— 1n provisions there
was some "long" liquidation of May lard and local
packers sold porK. Prices, however, were firmer,
ouini; to considerable foreign buying and the ex
pectation of smalt hog rece pts to-morrow. Cash
traie was dv.l. The livestock market opened
strong with a reaction later.
WHEAT— 9:30 J0:00 10:90 11:00 11:30
May 74V4 74 73% 74 737/.
July 7»V4 7**4 73 7ss/, 7sy«
September 701/4 b97/g 69S' g 70 693 4
12:00 12. 0 1:00 1:15
April 76
May 748,% 74«>fc 76y 8 75
July 73i> 8 74 74y, 74%
September 70y g 70*/« 71 V4 71
BARLEY-24%@32c.
CORN— April. i4%c: Mar, Be.8 c.
OATS— April, 17c nominal; May, 17y«c.
RYE— 36V»".
FLAX-7I»ViC.
TIMOTHY— S2 75.
Produce.
PORK— April and May, $8 52.
LARD— AprI; and May. «4 15.
BUTTEH— Market firm at 16c for Western. Re
ceipts 331 0 tubs.
EGGs— ln poor demand and firm, owing to light
receipts- Western, BV*c Receipts 9100 cases.
.. Livestock.
BOGS-Llgbt, $3 97@4 17%: mixed, $3 95®
4 15: heavy, »3 60@4 i2l/j; rough. S3 60@3 75.
Packers bought 16.610. shippers 6000. Estimated
receipts to-morrow 12.000.
CAT'I LE-Beeves, 93 85@5 SO: cows and heif
ers. 92 00@4 SU; Texas steer-, 93 40@4 40: slock
era and feeders, $3 40@4 50. Estimated receipts
to-morrow 300.
SHEKI'- Native sheep, $3 00@4 SO; Westerns,
93 60&4 85: lambs, $4 60<$6 80. Market firm.
Receipts 7500. ■■
lOREIoN MARKETS.
London.
LONDON, Esa., April 23.— Consols, 111%; sil
ver, 28 5-16 d; French rentes, 102f 60c.
Liverpool.
WHEAT — Firm. No. 1 standard California
wheat, 32s l^d; cargoes off coast, quiet, steady:
cargoes on paasage, nominal unchanged; English
country markets, firm; French country markets,
firm; .Liverpool wheat. No. 1 California. 6s &d(£
6s 6d; wtieat in Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet,;
weather in England, tine.
KCTCRRS.
! Ihe Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
6s 2d; July, 6s Id; (September, 0s Id.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days ....... — 94 87«4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 489'
Sterling Cables 4891 A
New York Exchange, sight — 17Va
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
line silver, per ounce. — 6134
Mexican Dollars 4S'/» 60
PEODUOE MARKET.
, WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— A good-sized north wind scare Is on.
A hot, drying wind has been blowing for some
days and the Weather bureau predicts its continu
ance. The ground is drying rapidly and the crop
Is iot looking as wall. The market Is consequently
advancing and operators are gelling excited, as
will be seen by the heavy sales and much higher
prices on calL To help things along Chicago Is
higher and the Ausira.lan crop Is In a bad way, as
will be seen by tbe report c where ou this page.
These combined conditions tend to make the mar
ket vi ry a iff at the moment, shipping Wheat con
tinues uuil, however, as the snippers are not op
erating. Quoted at $1 1/2* 125 >. ctl for
common grades, fl 27VS»@1 30 «t cU for average
So. 1, $1 3-Va for choice and $1 H7i^@l 42Vi
for extra choice milling; sonora, 81 30&1 36 for
No. 1 and SI 40 for mill In*.
CAM. BOARD BALKS.
Informal, Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
6000 c. is, *1 21 1/4; 2UOO. SI 21S/ 8 ; 2000, $1211*;
20U0. «l 2.1%; H) 000, SI 22 V> '
second ■ .--KBsiON — December — 6000 ctls
$1 '22%: 60' 10, $1 22V 2 : »000, $1 23: 4000,'
$1 S. .3 /4 ; 10,000, Cl -Si/ 4 : 38,000, $1 231/* May
-iOOU, »1 u9Va; BJtO. $1 30. '* . '
KEOCUB iiouMSH Session — December —
44,000 ens, fi 2b%: 2000. fl 24y 8 : 24,000.
»1 2.14: Ib.OCO.SI 23%: 38.000, 231/.: 22.000,
fl 23.V,,; V 2.000. $1 24. Alay-2000, *1 421/*'
2000. *1 an; 21)00. ?l 3^%. /8>
Aftkbnoos session— May— 2ooo ctl», *1 831/r:
16,000, *1 .^3i^; 2000, $1 3*1.4; 12,000, fl 34Vi:
1-^,OOO. *1 34%; 2000 91 34 7/«. l>eceniber-20UO.
SI 2*Vs: 4000, SI 24: 2000. Cl 23%: 6000
»1 23%: 20 JO, $1 286,*,; 4000, 81 23%: 6100,
*1 238/g; 12.000, »1 2HI/ 4 : 8000, »1 23V 8 : 20,000,
*1 *3: ViOoo, *• 22%; J2.000, $1 221^; 10,000,
fl 22 V 8 ; 4000, !fi 22%.
HAhLitY— 'l he north wind continues to blow
and prices continue to advance. Feed, 7U<i£7sc;
Brewing remains nominal.
CALX BOARD BALES.
Informal Skssiox— 9:ls o'clock- December—
60«0 ctls, 7BV 8 4000, 75%& May-2000, 76c
Hkco.vd !?KSHioN-December— 2ooo ct.s, 75y 8 c
Regular JMoknino (Session— December— 6owo
c:ls, lOi/fC
aktebnoon SKsnioN — December- 2000 ctls,
_ OATS— The fopiiog Is firmer and the demand is
»i .!. r ,'» ?" do Ot lm P TOTe - Milling, fl 16
whi,e Sim wf nc^J ted - $1 i:s l 30: common
White, $l(g)l 10; good to choice. SI 12i^@l 2aiA-
Black for feed, 95c©$l 05: Gray, *1 lOffil 171*.
Sororise. SI 35@1 40 ? ctl. Clipped Oats sell »1«
2 per ton over ;ne raw product. *
CORN— Steady and unchanged, l.arce Yellow
85@90c; Email Bound do, 97Vic : WhlteT Bo@BiTc
KYE-77Vi®82V»c 9 ctl.
UUCKWiIJiAT-Quoted at $1 16®1 25 * ctL
FLOUR AND MIIXSTCFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extra*.
f« 75(84 85: Bakers' extras, f4 60@4 65; Super
fine, f 4®4 86 « bbl. " ouper
COKN.MKAL. ETC. -Feed Corn. fl7 Bo®lß-
Cracked Corn, flß@l9 * ton. "««»"».
MI^LSTUFFS-Prlces in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: I Uraham Flour $2 85
* 100 lbs; Kye Flour, «2 50 ft 100; Bice Flour,
tS 75; Cornmeal, f 2«A2 *5; extra cream do, S3 75.
Oatmeal, f3 50; Oat Groats, *4: Hominy, S3 .0,11)
3 3U; Buckwheat Flour. 93 2.V<*.l 50; Cracked
Wheat, f8 60; Farina, 4: Whole Wheat Flour
9*l Rolled Oats (bbl»). $4 7635 16: Pearl Barley'
*8 75(ff4; (Split IVms, S3 50: Green do. $4 5 % 100
I H ■ • .■- : r". ■- ■ : ■ ,■*• - ;
HAY 1 AND FISKDSTDFFS.
I Hay baa not cone op yet, but It will very toon If
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1897.
toe vain north wind keeps up. It begins to look
dry la s-veral -ections. Middlings are 50c up.
BK AN —51 3*513 51) for the beat and $12312 50
ft ton lor out ide brands.
MIDDLINGS — $17®1S for lower grades and
$18 Ml<sl9 M; V ton for the best.
FKKD:STUF*':S — Rolled Barley. *15@15 60;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, f26 so V* ton; Jobbing,
»27 50.
If AY— Wheat, $B@lo 50: Wheat and Oat, *7r<i
JO; Oat, SlH<:-h 60: Barley, $6 60@8: Alfalfa, *tt
(a/ 60; compressed, Jt>b@9 60; ttOOk, ?D«6; Clo
ver, $6@B ft ton.
STRAW— 2S*SOO in bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
B?ans show a number of changes, but Seeds are
dull and unchanged
BEANS— Bayos quoted at $1 60@l 85; Small
Wnltes, Jla. 20 per ctl; Large Wiittes, $I@l 16
%* ell; Pinks. <l(i»l -0; Reds. $1 10@l 30: HlaCK
eye, $1 60©l 65; Red Kidney. $1 75@2 20: Ll
mas. 5! '.U'.l 75; Butters, $1 25@1 60. Pea, $1
©1 20.
-KKDH-Krown Mustard. *2 60«2 75: Yellow
Mustard. 41 50 * rtl; Flax. «1 60 %» ctl; Canary
be«-d, 13 /4 /4 c .•$ Ib; Alfalfa. 6V*c; Rape, 2V»@
/4 c; Hemp. 3c; Timothy. 4».»c.
DKIKu FKas— Mies, $l@l 20 11 ctl; Green.
$1 25(g,l 40 * ciL
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Sow Potatoes are lower under heavier receipts.
Onions are also lower. Vegetal) es show no change,
PoTATuES — New Potatoes, -%@1 J .2C %» 1b:
Sweet Potatoes, $ i©i is y ctl: Early Hose. 65®
70c %< ctl; River tleda, 70@75c; Burbank Seed
lings, sU®6oc * ctl fur ltivi-ri and 6O(oißUc for
Petalumas; Oregon Burbanks. 65c(a.$l.
ONlONS— Oregon*. $4 50©3 * ctl. Cm Onions.
*1 25<$1 50 r sack, .Nevada* $2 60@3. Aus
tralian Onion* jobbing at Ss@!> 60 <* cti.
VKuKTABLKS— ReceIots were 79* boxes As
paragus. 428 boxes Rhubarb and 1348 sks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers ara quotable at &oc@3l ft
dozen; Asparagus, 75c@?l 25 IS box for common,
$1 s(>C<£- for choice and $2 25 ft box for fancy:
Khubarb, 2£@4oc lor ordinary and 6«®76c for
choice large; Marrowfat Squash. *6@7 * ton;
Dried Peppers, 6@Bc ft Ib: Green Peas. 60®75c »
sack; Loit Angeles string Beans. 10c %* tb;
Dried Okra. B@9c ¥ Ib; Cabbage, 75@85c ctl;
Carrots, 25@30c ft sack: Garlic, iy 2 (s2c V Ib.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
Stocks of Batter, Cheese and Eggs are ample for
all present needs and the markets are undisturbed.
BUTTKR—
Crkamkry— Fancy creameries, 13(#1.'-si 3 c; sec
onds. 12@12V£c * n>. < ■•.--
Dairy— Choice to fancy. H®l'-'c ft Ib; lower
grades, B@luc.
I > icklkd-18>'2@14c •$ Ib for new.
Fikki.v— * Ib for new.
Cream kry Tub— New. 14c * lt>.
CHKKsK— choice mild new, t;v»C<i7c * Ib: com
mon to good, 5: ■-''■. Cream Cheddar, 10@llc:
Youn* America, 7©Be; Western, lie; j-.nsiern, 13
@isc %* m.
KtiuS-Kancb. Kggs. HVi@l"c; store Eggs, 10
@llc V doz; Duck Begs, 14c
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— There was no change of any conse
quence yesterday.
Live Turkeys. 14@15c for Gobblers. 14@15cfor
Hens: G^ese f>. pair. SI 50; Gosllncs, $2@2 50;
Ducks, ( 3 'l)a,« for old and $6 an ; ; for yuung:
Hens. $4@5; boosters, young. $6 60®8: do, old. 44
<S>4 60; fryers, $6 60<au: broilers, $4 50@5 60
for large and $2 2S@3 '.'5 for small: Pigeons, $1 50
IS.-' v dor for young and $ I 25«>1 50 for old.
GAME- Hare, nominal: Rabbits, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITKUS FRUITS.
Mexican Limes are practically cleaned up at the
moment. Oranges and Lemons are unchanged.
Receipts of Strawberries are larger again.
Receipts or Strawberries were 17 chests.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. 60@65c ft drawer for large and 75c
©*1 for small.
Apples. »I@2 fi box.
CITKIS FRU ITS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at s'JftDH 50 ft box; Seedling*. $1(8,160 ft box;
Mediterranean Sweets, SI ■_'. io, 1 00 ft box: Lem
ons, 75c@$l 25 lor common and 91 &o@2 25
for pood to choice: Mexican Limes, f* box:
California Limes. 75c@$l %* iix: Bananas, $I@2 *l
bunch; Pineapples, f'-!®4 ~>, doz.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations are as follows:
Peaches, 4@si£c i* Ib; fancy, 6c ft Ib: peeled,
7<Sllc; Apricots, 6®Bc; Moorparks. 10@12c;
evaporated Apples, t@ s V^c: sun-dried, 2@3c;
Prunes. 2i<>(32%c for the 4 sizes: white .rigs, 3c;
Plums, 4(tt4'.ii- j O r pitted and l@lVaC for unpit
led: Nectarines. aViifttui.-jc Ib for piime 10 fancy:
l>ar«, - 1 -M. -.- for wuole, 2^^sc for quarters and
S(S/ -o for halves.
RAISINS—
Four-crown, loose. 6'ic: 3-crown. 4i,4c; 2-crown.
S s /s c ft Ib; seed. ess Julianas, 605 V2 C °. seedless
Muscatels. 3 c: 8-crown London layers. «I@l '^6;
clusieis, $1 hi): Dehrsa clusters, ?-• 50; Imperial
clusters, $2 50: dried grape* out.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at 10c: Walnuts.
'6»/2®"c ft &> for standard and 9~O9Vaf * Ib for
softsheli; Almonds, 6(g,tii/«c for Languedoc, ;•■■■(s
B^c for hardshell and B@9c «* Ib for papersbeli;
Peanuts, 4@:6c ft Ib for Eastern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, r<4tic i* Ib; Pecan*. 7 1 «»®
8c ft Ib: Filberts. 7%@Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7y s ©8o:
Coroanats. 1 5®5 60 ft 100.
HONK Y— Comb. 111@12% for bright and s<a9c
tor lower grades; water-white extracted, 605V2C;
ii-lr amber extracted. 41 ? ,a,4:'- 4 c; dark amber,
4«4^,c; dark, 2@«c ft Ib. -
BEESWAX— 22@25C ft !b.
PROVISIONS.
Values of all descriptions remain undisturbed
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7U|C ft Ib for heavy. «c
V Ib for light medium. 0c for lUbt. 10c ft Ib
for extra light and 12c ft n> for sugar cure 1 East
ern sugar-cured Hams. x /t<- V a.; California
Hams, lie ft &>; Mess Bet-f, 99 ft bbl: extra
mess do, $9 50: family do, $10@10 50; extra
prime Pork, $8 50; extra clear. 914 ft bbl; mess,
912 V bbt; Smoked Beer, 10c ft Ib.
LARD— Eastern tierces are quoted at B'^c for
compound and Cy s c for pure; palls, 7c; Cal
ifornia tierces, 4VjC for compound and 6i/^c for
pure; half-iibln, 6Vac; 10-&> Una, 7c; do 5-&> 7V«c.
COTTOLENE— »>c in tierces and 7«/i@BVfec in
10- Ib tins.
UIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
The market continues quiet at stationary prices.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
under sound slock. Heavy salted steers, 8c: me
dium, 7c? Ib: light, 6iA@7c: Cowhides, 6i^O7c;
Stags. 6c: salted Kip. it»7c "p. Ib; salted Calf, 7ro<Bc:
salted Veal. 6@7c; Cry Hides. 12V 2 »la(.; culls and
orands. 9%@10c ft Ib: dry Kip ana Veal. 9@loc:
dry Calf. 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20f0;35c encn;
Kids, 6c; Deerskins, good sumnvr. 25c ft Ib;
medium, 20c: winter, 10c; she> p.kins, shear
lings, 10@^0o each: short wool. 2-*>@)4oc each;
medium. 40@50c each; long wool', . r (iia7sc eacn;
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered. 2s,i@3c v It; No. 2,
-Vac; re lined. sc: Grease, 2c ft &>. .
WOOL— Wollner's Circular says: "The
market Is somewhat quieter. Mostly all the Wools
that could be obtained In the country have been
bought up, most of It by two sblppln?-hoases be
tween whom a rivalry existed as to who would 00
--laiu no most Wools, and it seemed that price and
quality were no. considered— on. y the amount of
Wool they could obtain. They employed every
available man they < ould got to go Into the coun
try, beside their regular buyers, and watched per
sonally every lot that came to this market and
raised the prices higher than could be obtained In
the Eastern markets. Of course there are always
some who are prone to follow toe leader so prices
ran up, both here and In the country, o a figure
which at pres-nl no market in the world would
Justify. There is some little buying going on and
me local woolen-mills have come into the market
and have taken some Fall Wools. It is bard to
speculate on tariff legislation, a< no one can tore
tell what the Senate will do or how quickly, so the
Wool business is rather qui«i In the East and rnoit
trading 1* done In foreien Wools. The arrivals
have been large, from 600 10 10 JO bales per day.
and warehouses are tilling up I expec* a quiet
marke. for some time to come."
Spring clip is quoted as follows: Mountain,
ll@l4c ft Ib: Foothill, 10fn,12i,.4,c ft Ib: ban Joa
quln, year's dip, 7@loc; do, seven months, H*sl lc
f! Ib; Nev»das, 10(j§14c; Eastern Oregon. 7®10&
HOPS— 6©tc for lair to choice and 8010 eft Ib
for fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— market Is weaker. Calcutta Grain
Bags, spot, 6 1 /ae; June, 5i.4c; July, &($&Vs-: San
Quentin, $5 40; Wool Bags, 24<a27c.
COA I.— Welling. on Is quotable at $8 ft ton;
New Wellington, $8 per ton: Welling
ton, $7 50 ft ton: Seattle, 55 60 * ton: Bryant.
95 60; Coos Bay, «4 75 ft ton; Wallsend, $7
ft ton: Cumberland. $13 50 * ton In bulk and 915
In sacks; Pennsylvania, Anthracite Egg, !*1 l-<r 1 2 ft
ton; Welsh Anthracite, 98010. Caunei. 98 ft ton;
hock Spnni(B. Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley,
97 BO: Coke. $11@12 In bulk and $13 ft ton In ska.
RlCE— Chinese mixed. $3 60@3 65 ft 1 tl: No. 1
Is higher at $3 9 04 20 ft ctl: extra No. 1, 94 30
04 60; Hawaiian, « 4 25HJ4 .0; Japan, 34 10@4 60.
LIVERPOOL >*i,T- is firm at $15@17 «» ton
for ordinary and 920©23 60 for the choice grales.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quo4.es, terms net cash: 1 nbeand Crushed and Fin*
crushed, be: Powdered, 6V,c; Dry Granulated,
4%c; Confectioners' A, 4%c: Magnolia A, 4 Vic;
Extra C, 43/gC: Golden C, 4i/*c: Candy Granulated,
6c; half barrels Vie more than barrels, and boxes
12 c mom.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All descriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates f->r dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: .
BEEF— First quality, 6c; second do, 6@s'«c;
third do, 4fg)4 2 c V Ib. -
VEAL— Large, s(dl6c; small, 6@7c ft Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers, sy a '*6c; Ewes, 6c ft Ih. .
LAMB-Spring, 6y»@7Vic ft ft).
PORK— Live Hoks, 3J/8" for large and 3»i@
4c for small and medium; soft Hogs, 2%£3 c:
dressed do, u^iii/ji-.
KECEIPTS or PROUCCK.
you M hours.
Klonr, or ■*«..,. 9,051 Cheese, etu..,._ 121
Wheat, ct15...... 1.290 Kegs, 00a......^, 14,4.^0
Earley. etu..^.. 6,«60 Hide*, no . 373
Beana. sita....^. 642 Pelt*. bdU....^. 46
Potatoes, sKs.._ 972 Wine, gals ...„. 46,900
Oregon 1,36 Brandy, ga15..... - 400
Onions, su..._ ' Wool. 015.. ...... 1,065
Hay. ions _ 645 Leather, rmti.... -^ 64
Straw, tons. 10 l.ime. bbls _ 162
lian. 5k5........ 6UO Quicksilver, flsks 46
alldaiings.se*... Paper, reams ■.. 200
BUWK. cm.. ... 851 [Raisin*. wim.. 229
»•• — 5
FAMILY KiSTAIL, M.IUK;:r.
Poultry noowa a few slight changes. Dairy Prod
uce and Meau atU at last week's prices.
Strawberries are somewhat lower, though still
dear.
' Vegetables are about the same.
. Several kinds of Fish are cheaper.
Following is This Call » regular weekly retail
price list: - ...
fDAi/— tos.
Cannel —all 00 Castle Gate. J 60@10 00
Wellington. — (|lO 00 Plea««nt Vat f 50@10 00
New Wei- . Southfleld
lington.... —010 00 Wellington — @ 60
Seattle 9 60® — CooilUy. — <O 675 ,
BSk'XAIKY PRODUCT.. FT".
Butter, fancy. '* Cheese, Swim... 20ra30
SQuare..... 30035 Common Kites 12fo; —
do, roll SOfai- Ranch K«:gsK»dz...ls(d: —
do. cood -6525 Honey, comb. «*1d.12(«15
Cheese, Cat. 10;ji)— i . do, extracted, «(a»IJ
Cheese, Eastern... 1 5@30 j
MEATS— Por-VTV
Bucon... 12<»17 Porlc, fresh 12f1815
Beer, choice 12(3.15 Pork, salt 10($12
do, good B*slo Pork Chops 12(515
Corned Beef. «<£ _ Round Steak 8&10
Ham. Cal 12M,®15 Sirloin Steak... 12 V 2 —
do, Kastera.. . . . 15&lt>: Porterhouse, d 0 . .. l?($20
Lard 12K515 Smoked Beef — <415
Mutton B@l2 Pork Sausage* — — (S2O
Umo 10»12 Veal lOrJia
POI'LIKY AND OAM*.
Hens.each 60* 65 Turkeys. * !b.. 16f15 18
Young Koost- Ducks, each. . 40<a 75
ers. eacn 75® 85 (ieese, each... 1 25@1 50
Old Roosters, . Pigeons, * pc 40® 50
*» C 1 60ia 66 Rabbits, ~f» pr . 86® 40
Fr\ ers, each... 65® 75 Hare, eacn..... 16® 20
Broilers, each.. 31® 50
*bhitii AVD NFTT*.
Almonds, Ib Oranges, V d0»....15®30
Apples, t^tt) 6&10 Haißlns, f* Ib. a®ls
Bananas. t* doz... 16@20 Isst1 sst raw berries,
Cocoanuts, each... 4® tt; V basket. 15@25
Lemons. + uos....26@3o; Walnut* «* to 16® -
Limes, ■$ doz 10<$12!
■ vilokta m.irs.
Asparaeus. "9, Tb.. 4ralO'Dried Okra. 9 1b..12@15
Arttchokes,f>doz..lr ) @40iOnlon.'i, * Ib. .. —('<».•>
Beets. V doz 12®15 Peppers, dried ...15® —
Beans, white «1b... H(A 51 do, gre-n. V Jb . —(» —
Colored. fb..._ ;-(| 6' Parsnips, * noz...l6®'iO
,, L *ma,*lb *<$ Potatoes, fl a» 264 3
Cabbage, each 6&10 l*> Sweet, V Ib.. 3® 4
Cauliflowers, each. 6^lo P.adishes.»dzbcha.lOr*la
Celery * bunch... 6®— ißhubarb. * 1b..... S® 6
Cress, *dzbunchs.2O(^2s, Sage. * Ib -26®35
garlic, f Ib 6(4 - string Beans,* 8.. - <Sls
Oreen Peas. * tt>.. 2 « 6 Thyme, *ib 20®30
Lentils, f, tt> 6® 6 Turnips. * d 0*....
Lettuce, V d0z.... 5 Tomatoes, ft Si ... 15*25
Mr-fat Squash,* ft, s®io'
ush-i'kr ponva.
Barracuda. .. ... -® Sea 8aa5.,.,.. ... — (Si —
*-"■£■•• 6® blsmelta. > lO@l2
V<>d fIBQ 12f$X5 soles 10® —
Flounders walo Skates, each. k 6@16
" allbu 12f<0 -sturgeon -® -
KlngOsn „..„ t«6lfiTomcod 10Q,l r i
M^ k f, rel -® -IClams, gal -®50
doHorse... -4 - hardshell, 9^^
£ ercn ~ 6® 8 100 r7.....60®-
PomDano -<a —.Crabs, each 12-315
Hock fish 12® — Do. softsheU, Vdx.25®33
Salmon, smoked. ..20® — Mussels, ft qrt 10@lJ
Salmon, freah 10® — Oysters, Cal,* 100.40® —
bhnmpa »®10;Do, Kastern, * d*.2s(»iO
iibaa .. B@lol
THE STOCK MARKET.
Values of mining shares were rather easier again
yesterday, but the close was stronger Occidental
selling up to 25c. ..•;••. '
The Crown Point assessment falls delinquent In
the boar l to-day.
The new board of Hale & Norcross directors
have postponed the delinquency In office of the
assessment levied by them on March 20 for thirty
days, or until May 23.
Th* Geyser-Marlon Mining Company of Utah
has de ared a dividend of $9000, payable April 30.
In the (standard Consolidated mine a: Bodie, for
the week ending April 19, small stringers of
quarts were being cut In the Black ledge on the
265 level. Work was temporarily suspended
on the 336 level. On the 380 level fair grade ore is
being taken from the incline ledge, on the 600
level in the Fortuna vein the ore in raise 1 has
Improved and shows 8 Inches of good ore, but H
extremely bard. On the 246 level in the Bullion
vtin good ore is brine extracted. Other parts of
the s topi tig-ground show no changes. The water
threatening to cover the lower Dump In the Lent
shaft. it was necessary to pump thirty-six hours
to lower the water to remove all danger of the
pump be rn lost.
Standard mill statement— crushed for the
week, 305 to.is; average assay vanner tailings,
•9 85: tons concentrates produced, 31/4: assay
value, 133 19: plate amalgam pr..du <•<!, 1i:74V1»
ounces; value per ounce, $2 18 At tailings plant
1, if the weather continues favorable, they hope to
chanve the first vat by the end of the week. There
is stlil too much snow at plant 3 to permit of im
mediate starting.
On the Board Exchange sugar stocks were weak.
BOAltll • SALES.
rniow..it were !he ti>ies In the Ban Fraaolsco
Ftecfc Board yesterday:
KIBCLAR HORNINn MTSBTOX. roVltmClX* 9:80
--1000 Aloha. •• 08 850CC&V... 1.70 2.'0 Potosl 68
1«O AIM O6HOO » Pom: . ...1. .00 64
400 Andes '00 OA C SSIJM Savage. .. -0 j
100 21:200 0c«1dt1....14 15 i dNit 50
600 Belcher.. .3o 500 ....15;'.00 61
20 i B<*B 04 60 Ophlr... 1.05 000 x* Jua.ip....-Jt>
100 Ch0ir. ..1.05 100 i ■vrmn...
irrKHNon.v SKHBION— "irST.
ISO Alta 07 500 l. hollar, 1200 F0t051...67
300 08 100 cCoiv ...1.75 3011 *»vaee...2O
il'O Belcher... Bß 10 C Point ...! 3 li 0 Union C. 26
3110 3«30i) Occtdtl. 16 110 Utah OH
200 Caie«la.....U. .17 1004 *JaWS»27
Following wen '■'"- «w«i Is the Pad no Stock
J-C*iU yesterday:
»Fori.*R -fjmtojj— l":m
600 ATrna VOJ ('ltalic*.. 500 0vrmn....06
200 Alt* 06 600 CCAV_.I.7O*OJ Poto*l 65
200 Andes..... 2. 700 1.72% 100 66
10 lielcber... ''. 100 Conn ... l.iv 30 J i-iT»je....'iu
703 It A 8,...Gl (SOOC r01n;...r.'50U 88& M....04
300 -tic 7UO ti.ti. -..Si .00.1 JSev 61
40U 1.u11i0n....n. .iOO Mvxlcan..4b 400 8 Hill 01
'MO Caleda... l:- 700 Occtd 15 30J Union... ,.'_'s
SOU Choir 102% 101 Ophlrl.OiiVi -' '0 Utah 07
1900 I.'. -1.0 ..I.o**oo »' JMJU..26
800 1.071/ a I ■?.-;
All msoos MCSSIO.V— 2:3O.
Son Alpha OH 61 conn ...l.M' 400 Occdt .....32
100 Altai. 100 1.16 900 23
600 Andes.-. .23 .00 Ll7i/a 1500 24
4i>u Belcher. 400 UAC Si 1-00 25
100 H(- 400 -..Si 400 Opnir-..1.05
400 39 100 HAN 86 400 OTrmn....oH
20 BAB 6 >00 Julia. 04 ■•-■OO Poiosl f.7
400 Bullion.. « 10 .00 Justice. ..o4 103 Ravage.... 21
400 filled li . 00 Kentck....Os 300 KB AM.. .04
100 Clillnge...s:. > 00 Mexican. 46 100 tt Hr 61
300 Si 100 ...1..... 47 50 5tnrd...1.65
400 Chllr.l.o7V-. HO Ny QD....06 100 Uni0n.. ...25
200 1.10 3 10 Oc«J 16200 27
700 CC&V 13,4 800 lhiOO Utah o7
JOO 1.72V .i»0 ...19 t JUK1. ...26
400 Crwni"i..l2 900 211200....^ ii
4.L0.-IX. r . QUOTATIONS,
FRIDAY, April 23 4 p.m.
- Sitf.AH'fU.i , MttAiHt*.
Airhanan.-... «7 09 Jo»» „. 04 re
Alta. m. titi 0* Jnstlea 03 05
Ande5.......... 23 24 Kentuck....... 06 07
Belcher _ 39 40 Mexican 46 47
Best & Beloaee CD 67' Nevada Qneaa. 16 —
BentoaUoa..^ — 16 Occidental.... 26 26
Bullion 09 .lOuphlr... 1.06 1.10
Caledonia. 12 l:-, uverman_... M 06 i>7
Chollar 1.H6 1.10 i otosL ........ 57 58
C'on.CalAVa... 1.70, 1.74 savage......^. 20 21
C'ballenco Con. 3d .•' scorpion.. ...» 04 • .- —
Con. Imperil. 01 f. ->eg. Belehee... 04 05
Confidence.... 1.15 1.201 liver 11111 01 ii
fon -New Yore 12 — sierra Nevada 51 62
Crown Point... 13 14 -tandard 1.60 1.86
KatiMlerraXsr — "'. l-, -yndlcaM. ._ — oh
JmrekaCoa... _ to Culou«J«a...U 26 27
i.icOeauur 03 V« uuui..,. „ 05 tB
Uuuiu A Curry. 31 3*. i cuuw a.ifo 28 89
liMtdkAwwi. fcO -90 -
tiOCK AMD BONO EXCBAXOE.
FRIDAY, April 28-2 T. U.
. fNITKn ETATKS BONOS.
/,',< s .Act. Bit. A*h*<L
CB«s rrpp.l 12 1 -113 C t45re«...109 ->lO>^
I)o new >nsuel'.3 : -i — I
lIISiJf.LI.AN«.(Um BONDS.
Cal-BtCM»ss.ll2 — Oak Gas 55.. — 104
CalElecLGs — 130 Do 2d Is 65... — 109
CntraCWSj 96V^ »8 Omnibus 95.. 120%122^%
Dput-etex-cp — 100 !'&OKyBi. — 113
td»n > 65127l /^129 il>AChtty6s. — 10S
lacu UK 6*106 107 1-wl-st RR BillS 118
Cearr-«t Hss - 105 Jteno,WL*L — 104
Ut&SJViiIUO - it-acto & L.. — 100
LoeAngLtti fi«i/jio» HKASPUS.v.IOa lU2^
Do Gn teed 6» 3 100 ,!-PKKArIz3« 92 94
Mj£t-stCble6sl23^l24S,i' 107 107 Vi
DoKyCon 106 106 V* bPKRfaISi. «6 —
Nat Vln6s Ist — iOO |>PBrRCal6». fOViIOO
NevC.Ngß7s. — 105Va bVWaiertij.il'. 3 /4 lib l /.
NRTCaI «3.103%.106 &V Water 4s. 101 —
MiyUll* -. - BtktnUAKM ba^lOO:,
v ATKR BTOCKV
Contra Costa 371^ 40 Isprng Valley 97V4 9"i*/»
alarm Co. . .. 4Ms / i'61%l
9AH ANU KLUi TBIC ITO-^V
Cnplt«i. _ 30 iracifle Light 49 61
Central. 9Hi^ _ k F O&Klec. 13% **V 4
MKleo Light 6V4 9% >an franojoa *S/, 2Vi
Oak QI, 631/1 64 %iOcJlWu 13 —
l'»c uaa lax? — v. |
JxscKAM.-: rrocKi.
Flreman'sFdieSi^ — |....,,... „
CUMM.^.. RAVIC «TO"«l
Ando-Cai... 60 — First Na;lonll« 1 " 186
Baulcof CaL.S3B 240 LondonPAA. 1271/4, 131
C*ltiD&TCo.lo6 107 Jlerchlix.... 12 —
MISHI BANK SToJ<t.
OerBALOo.. 1349 — : Sat A: Loan.. — JO»
liumosiL li;j 1 _ - Security.. .-250 300
Mniuaj....... 38 40 Union Trust. B7<J 10U0
bt«s»v Uuk>o449 —
6TBKKT RAILROAD STOCK*. ?:••*•/
California.... 10. 1 , — |OaiHl,&H*/ — 100
Ueary-st 38 _ Presidio..... 4 6
Alkrktim..., »*^ 44Vs|
»-"-»- MiV'Kl
Atlantlen... IB 17 i«i«ntCoa... £0»/, 31
California.... 80 110 Vlgorlt....^. — 70«
Kastern 1>. ... bO bb |
UlßCKl.j.A'Kr.nrrn «n> -m.
Alaska Pkrs. — 104 Sat Vln C«. — 7W
Ocr Lead Co. 100 - OcesnlcSSOS 20 84
HawCASCa. 12% 127^ PacAnxF A 2% 3 V ,
MntchaPco 12 k2 PacßoraxCo. b9 -
MsrKxA»su_ 90 — ji-*n PatntUo bi^ 7
BALES IIUK.VI.VU btNllj.s.
Board— i •.:..'
60 Hutchlnson 8PCa......« ._ 23 25
20 do do, s 3 ..-_.... 22 00
H6 do do 22 00
10 do do :.....-.....;...:...;. 221214
385 Hawaiian Commercial....... 13 00 -
60 do do ............. Wl>ll liJbT'jj
100 Mutual Electric .Light... d 50.
I 25 S [•' lias A Electric C 0... 93 76
•23 sv Water fc7 37^
Street—
4 Pacific Coast Borax 99 00
BALES— AFTERNOON SKdalO.V.
Board—
100 Huichlnson 8 P Co, a 90 22 00
60 Mutual Uectrlc Light V 60
15 Oakland Gas 63 75
50 S F Gas &. Electric Co 93 75
lbVWuer 91 50
I 10 do co MHTij
I 30 do do ..; 94 00
110 Si" Gaslight ... .. aSO
• — « — —
'Wheelbarrow Inateart or Knapsack.
Major Padrin of the Italian army has
invented a very ingenious contrivance,
which is designed to supersede the knap
sack. He has invented a vehicle to which
' be baa civen tne name of the cvclosac, or
i the sack on *h els. On this will be car
ried ihe baggage of two soldiers, and the
j uprights of the tent will be used to con
■ vert it into a sort of wheelbarrow, which
tbe soldier can drag behind him when
ascending or push before him when de
scending. The two soldiers will take it
turn about to push or draw the cyclosac,
and it is contended that this arrangement
will not merely enable the troops to
march much longer distances, but to
iieht much better on tbe field of battle,
being relieved of all impediments, which
can be left in thece light wheelbarrows in
the rear.— Philadelphia Record.
Very old people need from a third to
half as much food as when in their prime.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April, 1897.
W.
>»
©New Mo
April 1.
3 First
Ap
11
14
16
17
®Full Mood.
April 16.
OCEAN STEAMERS*.
Date* of I>*p»rtnre From San FrsnrUro.
RTEAMKR | n«HTIVATIi>V. |
«*!!.■*
J i-iki:
Arvaim
Coos Hay.. . .
TilUmooK..
L'maillla
Pomona....
Corona
Cbllkac...
Faralloa
Homer
Knrelca
ACapuico...
Stateof Cal.
Czarina
Orizaba I
Monowal.... j
Humbolm.. i
fanta Rosa.
coos Hay
Newport
Portland
Vie & Part ana
iiamboldtßat
Man Diego. ....
i.e. Kiver
1 again* Bay.
cooa Bay
Newport
Panama.
Portland
Coos 8ar......
! Mexico
Sydney
j Hum bold t Kay
Ban Diego
| Oregon ports..
: China <t Japan
Vie A P«t Bnd
Apr ~4. 6pm
Apr 24. (am
Apr 24, SIM5 I'M
Apr 2b, 9am
Apr 28. km
Apr -H,!lah
Apr 27, 9a*
Apr 27, 9a u
Apr 27. 6pi» i
Apr '28,- Wad
Apr 28,12 m
Apr 28.10 a*
Apr 29. 12u
Apr 29. 10a i<
I Apr 29, 2pm
! Apr 29, 2pm
Apr MO. Ham i
Apr 30. Bpu ,
May 1. lpiii
Hay 1. »am
May 3 IU4M
•) Pier 11
Pier 11
PJer 13
| Pier 9
! Ptur <»
Pier 11
Pier If
Pier 2
i Pier 13
PUrlt
runs
Pier 24
Pier 8
Pier 1 1
'Pier 7
Pier 3
j Pier 11
Pier 13
I'M 38
I Pier 9
Pier 24
Peking
Put- on
ml>i a ..
I Portland !
BT£AII£BB XO aKKIVK.
h'ROM
m unuieiie. . . . i
L'oroaa
Pomona.-
Saeen I
Homer
Chllkat I
Crescent Cltr. .. I
Enrelca»
Florida
Humboldt I
City Puebla.... ;
Mackinaw
A.llceßianchan]
banta Kosa
Seattle
Han Diego
Uumboldt Bar
Portland.
Coos Bay
| Eel River
Crescent City
Newport.
Departure Bay,
Humholdt Bar
! Victoria Jfc l'ugot bound
'racoma _
Portland...
Han Dieea
I Coos Bar
i»rars Uaroor.
Coos Bay
Newport.
Panama
Portland.
'China and Japan
Orav* Harhor.
..Apr 24
..Apr 14
..Apr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 25
..Apr 26
..Apr 26
..Apr 26
..Apr 26
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 27
..Apr 28
..Apr 2«
..Apr V 8
..Apr 29
..Apr 29
..Apr 30
..Apr »0
Apr 30
..Apr 30
Apr 30
L'zarina ........
Dei None |
arcata
Coos Bar ......
San Bias
L'olnmbia. ......
Doric !
Snnoi
AOXIUJE XU JlAKl>hK>
A branch of the United States Hydrographto
Office located Id the Merchants' £xchanpe Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free or
expense.
Navigator* are cordially Invited 10 Ylsit the
office, where complete seta of charts and salllnc
directions of the world are kept on hana or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
•an at wars be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters or Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of (he building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. ' 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day trom the
United States Naval Observatory at Mare Island
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error. It any. It
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following >lar.
W. a Hre him.
Lieutenant. V. 8. N., In charge
Th« Tims Bait.
Bbakch Hti>ro«raphic offiob, U. a. N."»
Merchants' Eiciiamii V
Pan Francisco. Apni 23. 1807. )
Toe time ball on Telegraph Hil. was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— L c.. at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at Hr. v., Greenwich time.
W. 8. Hushes.
Lieutenant U. M. N.. In charge.
Mi.N. MOON AND nut.
Vjrmn BTATW COABT A!f D GIODKTT.O BTT»T«T
Tl»» AMD Bkishts Or Hum aits LOW
Watin at Fort Point, ENTRAXCI to
ti.v Fbancisco Bat. Published bt Orri
n*i. a n huh OF TUB BCFISIKTINDIXT.
Notk— The high and low waters occur at tlis
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about, twenty
five minutes ls:»r than at Fort Point; vue neigh*
of tide Is ii« same at bo: It places. '; :• -^
April isa;
Baturdav. April 24.
9vn rls*t B.2l|Moon rises 1.38 am
Bnnsets t>.66]Moon sets.
► | Time Feet Tlm<>
H' H \V I. \V
Fe« TlfT1 °
HW
6.08 47a
Ii W
0.64 2.2
1.66 'JO
2.60 1.4
3.33 1.0
I 4.08 0.5
, 4.41 O.v
H W
H. 34
7 49
8.56
9.64
10.42
11.30
L W
1.00
1.64
2.41
3.14
3.41
4 08
H ' \V
4.1
4.0
1.4
1.7
2.1
2.6 j
! 9.58
1 10. -0
Sotk— In the above exposition of tne tides tb*
•arir morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In th«
onler of occurrence m to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when mere are bat three tides, as sometimes
•ream. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the Unlt«d States (oast Survey
charts, except when a mlnns sign (— ) precedes toe
height, and then tbe number given la subtractlve
from the depth given by the charm.
MIII-I'lN<. IMI;I,I,I(iKMK.
Arrived.
FRIDAY. April 23.
BUnr Oeo Loomls, Bridgets — boars from Ven
tura; oil, to order. Up river direct.
Htmr Greenwood, Fa;eriund, 14 noun from
Greenwood: M ft lumber, to LX While Lum
ber Co.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall. 96 hours from New
port, etc: pass and mdse, to Uoodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Alcazar, Oundersoo, #6 hours from
Se» port: u&ilasi, to L i: White Lumber Co.
Snip Oriental, Parker. 8 days from Departure
Bay: 2682 ions coal, to Ueo F. itch.
Hark VVilna, later, 8 days from Seattle: 3100
torn coal, to Central Coal Co.
schr Mary Etta, Zadaart, -8 bours from Fists
Mill; 75 cds wood, to Bender Bros.
Cleared.
FRIDAY, April 23.
Stmr Humboldt, Bonlfield, Eureka; Humbold;
SB Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro: UoodaU, Per
kins <&Co. ■ •
Bark Olympic. Olbba, Vladivostok; Roth, Blum
A Co. .-..;•
Bictn Irmitard, Schmidt, - Honolulu: Williams,
Dlmoud A Co. • ; . .
Scbr Vrga, Rasmussen. Seattle; - Pacific Steam
Whaling Co. ...
Sailed.
, , . FRIDAY, April 23.
Btmr Rival, Johnson. Fort Braes.
Humboldt, Monlneld. Kureka.
Bimr Columbia, Coo way, Astoria. .
fsimr Mlneola, Plllsbury, Tacoma,
. Stmr Czarina, seaman, Coos Bay.
Stmr Alcazar, uundersoo.
M mr Gipsy. Leland. Saatn Crux.
Ship St Nicholas, Grant, Karlulc.
Brig W O win. Williams, Honolulu.
Bchr Five Brothers, Nelson. Biblers Point.; .'
Schr Reliance, W|, son Klsk< Mill. .
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, Wniapa Harbor.
''fct-iir&Pllift Low. ix>w. fuilis He* •».
Schr C T Hill. Rudback. Grays Harbor.
. Schr Seven Sisters, Kasmussen, Coos Bay.
Keturned. ..
■: FRIDAY, April 23.
t-'chr Albion, DahL hence Apr 16, returned on
account of carry. away main sheet and block
•nd m-.tii rUKlug on both tides in a heavy NW
gale off Meudocino Apr 21. and; put back for re
paiia.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOB^ April 23-12 T. m. -Weather
hary; wind HWi Ttiocilj 20 aw**
Chart #tr*.
The Ger 'hip C \V Watjen load* wheat for Cape
Town at -.Ha ftd; acbr Fred X Sunders, mdse. for
the Yukon River.
Domestic Port*.
TATOOSH- <*asied Apr 23— Stmr Piogreso, bee
Apr 20. for Be It le.
SAN PEDRO- Arrived Apr 23— Scbr Fanny
Duirt.d, Horn Port Blakeley.
KAN DIEGO— .\riiveii Apr 23— Nor simr Peter
Jebson. from .\ana mo.
KUKKKA— ArriveJ Apr 23— Schr Bertha Doi
beer. from Newton.
bailed Apr 23— stmrs National City and Nav
ar o, for sari Francisco.
GKEENWOOD-Salled ADr 23-Stmr Whites
boro, tor San Francisco.
COOs BAY— Arrived Apr 33-Stmr Homer, nee
Apr 20.
Sailed Apr 'JS-Schr Courlanza, for San Fran
cisco.
_ ASTORIA— Sailed Apr 23-S.mr Queen, for San
Francis o:schr Jennie Stella, for Redondo.
FOKT \\ RAN «KL— Arrived Apr li-Snlp Geo
SkorJeld. benc-Ma 21.
TATOOSH -Parsed ADr Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Apr 19, lor TaCo.ua.
COOS BAY — Arnvsa Apr 23— Stmr Homer, hce
Apr 20.
POUT GAMBLE— Arrived Apr 22-Bttn Kllkl
tat, from Honolulu.
KCRKKA— Arrived Apr 23-Stmr Pomona, hce
Apr 22.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Apr !<3-Stmr Sooth Coast
for -an Francisco. :• .
POKT BLAKELEY- Arrived Apr 23— Schr C 3
Holmes, from «-wa Pedro,
SOUTH BEND-salled Apr 23— Schr Beulah,for
ban FrancUco.
EURKKA— Arrived Apr 23-Stmr Excelsior,
hence Apr I'l.
SAN PEDRO-Arrtv«d Apr 23-Stmr Laguna,
from itedoud.i.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Apr 23— Stmr Protec
tion, lor Man Francisco.
Am --a Apr 23— stair Noyo, hence Apr 22.
USAL— Arilved Apr 28— Simr Newsboy, hence
Apr 21. • .
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 22— Stmr Finance,
from Colon. '
Foreign Port*.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Apr 23— SJtmr Marlposa,
hence Apr 3.
QUEfiNSTOWN— Arrived Apr 22— Br ship
County of Haddington. from Astoria.
PKaWLE POINT— Apr 21-Ger ship
Chile, from Antwerp, for san Francisco.
PANAMA— Arrive Apr 14— stmr City of Syd
ney, hence Mar 20. Apr 11— Strar -an Juan, from
Champerlco. Apr — Stmr San Jose, from Cham
perico.
Sailed Apr 9— Stmr San Bias, for San Francisco.
CUAMPERiCO-SaUed Apr 11-Haw stmr
Aztec, for Ocos.
Importation*.
NEWPORT— Per Coos Bay-50 bbls wine, 69 sits
Deannts, 7 bxs extracts, Ib 9 bis oranges, 6 bbls
sweet potatoes, 2 bis lemons. T2ai> ska bariey.
East San Pedro— 30 bxs t n.
)iueneme— l ox butter, 1 crt spades.
San Pedro— loo baits pressed wool, 3 bdis paper,
1 bicycle. 6 mower cutter bars, 1 pug mdse.
Ventura— lo bales seaweed, 1 bx plants, 8 pkga
mdse, 237 bxs oranges, 3 pigs castings.
Santa Barbara— l udl bails, 1 Dx olives, 1 bbl
coffee roa.ter, 175 bxs lemons, 1 bbl dry goods, 8
ska crawfish.
Gaviota— 2o crawfish. 4 bxs butter, 175 ski
wool. . ■ .
Port Harford— l bx cheese, 1 tub 30 bxs butter.
8 pkgs mdse, 1 bx drugs. 1 cs cartridges, *5 cs
eggs, 2 ska prunes. 3 bxs fish.
Cayucos— 1 tub 181 bxs butter, 1 bdl skins, 1
coil wire rope. 19 cs eggs, 1 bx dressed chickens,
Its dressed calves.
San Simeon— l bx hardware. 13 tubs 103 bxs
butter. 6 cs eggs, 3 coops chickens, 1 sk abalones,
21 dressed calves.
CmnlenMi.
Per Coos Bay— Gnndlach & Butxiohee; H Hui
dleston &Co: Wolf Son: WC Price Co: JH
Cain & Co: Gould & Jaudin: L Scateua <fc Co: PB
Flint-. Gray <fe Barbleri : 1> <fet'o: H Dutard;
B.ltton Rey; Adams, Uesilake A Co; Schmidt
Label Co: W Mackie; D M usborne & Co; Moore.
Hunt & Co: Hllmer. Hredhoff & scbulz; J B Lacy:
standard Oil Co: J Wl^land; V Cavacnaro: OFT
Co; J B Lac?; O W Pickering: Wetmore Bros: J L
Hobard; J 8 Hutcblnson: M O'Brien; Immel &
Co: Murphy, Grant <S Co; C X Whitney & Co : PA
McDonald ; Alien A Lewis: Wheaton, Breon A Co;
Llevre, Fricke A Co: Hooker A Co; Allen & Lewis:
American Union Fish Co: Dalton Bros; J Walner;
Murphy, Grant A Co ; De Bernard! A Co: Costlsran
A Conn: J B Inguglia; Dalton Hro-*-. Mllani A Co;
Levi Spiegel A Co : Thos Denigan, son A Co. R X
Hosue: APaladint; Ross A Hewlett: Hills Bros;
Norton, Teller A Co: Redlngtnn A Co; E J McKay:
OC4.V Co: J H Newbauer A Co; s Levy A Co:
OB Smith A Co; FBHaight; California Powder
Works: Dodge, Sweeney A Co: H Ileckman A Co:
H Klrchmann Co; Marshall A Relmers; Su<s
man, Wormier A Co: Wltzel A Baker : A Wyss:
The Pacific Coast Home Supply Association:
Kuss. Early it Co: Blsilnger <fc Co ; Whitney's Ex
press: M T Freltas ACo : Western Meat Co"; H H
Saltier; J Schweitzer A Co; Brie ham. Hoppe A Co;
RChappeau: Getz Bros Co; KowalskyACo; F
Url A. Co: M T Freitas A Co; Baker & Hamilton:
Marshall, Teggart At. Co ; Chat Montgomery A Co;
California Cons. ruction Co; Cnlra o i rewery.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PBS Mill Ml 01 The S. S. MONO WAT
lalßlilllC sails via HONOLULU
sW JBL'^sl •t ■*■■■'■ and AUCKLAND for
■ vS^bW ™ —^ SYDNIiY, Thursday,
(^S — 1/\ April '29, 2 p. it.
■wßsW^MH^ni^ninc) *• * Australia for
CyICOIIIJIIl r ' & ' HONOLULU onlr,
• (smD3flth T uesd * yi May ,1& at
tg^> \^iu^«iv«4 2 p. m. fcpecial party
i . rates.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, AusL.and CAPETOWN.
South Africa.
J. a SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street, ban Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST_STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BttOADWAY J*l%_
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: ■** tfTr
For oorts Id Alaska, April 1, a. 11, 10, SSI, '2&
and every firth day thereafter, at 9 a. m.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wuaicom (Bellißgham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. K.
April 1,6, 11, 16, 21, 26 and every nf.h day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. ft.
R., at Tacoma with N. r. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. Ry., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcaia and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), Bin Pomona 2 p. v., April 2, 6, 10. 14,
18. 22, 26. 30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Uaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. if.
April 4, 8. 12, 16, 20. 24. 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For «an Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), >anta Barbara, Port Los An-
pies. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. April 2. 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guayroas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. H. 25th of each month. ■• . ■ •
The Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
UOODALL, PERKINS * Co.. Gen'l Agents.
- 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAN ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. if.
FA "RTr/** 13 First-clans ) Including
X- J\ XVJL \so Second-class berth & meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia April 23, May 3, 13, 23
State of California... April 28, May 8. 18, 28
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to ■- • .
F. F. CONNOR. General Asont.
630 Market street.
GOOPALL, PERKINS <& CO., Superintendents
COSPAGIf IE 6EIERAL TRAIISATLA
<M-'-- French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEW), 42 NORTH J&ffl
V,' River, foot of Morton at. Travelers by
this line avoid both transit by English railway anl
the discomfort of crossing .the channel In a small
boat, t>'ew York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
first class 9160. second class 9116.
LA GASCOGNE ..May 1, 10 a. if
LATOURAINE ....May 8, 10 a. it
LA BRETAGNB May 15. 10 a. m
LA CHAMPAGNE May 22. 10 a m
LA "AH-iKiNK M^- 29, 10a.m.'
jar For further particulars apply to ,
- w".i> A. FORGET. Agent.
__■ .^ 3. Bowling Green. New York.
.£„&■ S^Ffancfscol 0 - Ageat * » Montgomer,
«g?^TL.K HAMRURG.ASIERICAI LIKE
ggqMp^gajgi'C' TWIX-SUUKW EXPRKid
■^ i?«2St*BaCt:'- Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, Paris <& Hambarz,
Norman nia Apr 1 -t> i >ortua.nna Juue 3
Columbia...... -May 13 I Columbia... June li)
F. Bismarck May 27 | Am:. \ ictoria ..June 17
Hamburg-American Linn, 37 B'wav V V
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlnarton st.
At 6 P. M. Daily. Freight received «a
to .»:30 P. aL , w
«3~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
Hie only line selling through tickets and Rlvlni
through freight rates to all points on Valla*
Railroad. "
STKAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peter*. .
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 808. Cai. Nay. and lmpu U.
FOSU. S. mum m vallejo.
BTKAMEB "MONTI CELLO."
Mod., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
t-Hrt - 9 : " *" m. and 3:1Bp. *. (9 p. '*■ ex/Thurs.)
Fridays .:..;......;. i p. M ., 9 v *
5unday5........ ............ 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. it
Landing and offices. Mission Dock. Pier A
•. Telepnone Ureen 381.
FOR.SASJOSE, LOS CATOS&SASTA CRUZ
OTKAMER ALVISO LEAVE", PIER 1 DAILY
O (Sundays eiceptedl at 10 a. it - Alvlso dally
(Saturday excepud) at 7 p. .m. Freight and
Passenger, Faro- between baa Francisco and
Alvlso, 60c; to San Jose, 75c, O»y «L ll»?i
RATI.ROA© TRAVTBO
SOITTHKRW l'A«:i*"lC COMPANY.
- (PAUIfIO HVMTKM.V ■ •'
Tr«.». ... - s-- l rs.f?aTrMr.- rr "* "'
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) i ;
leavk - *»"'" nttM - A " l *
"5O:OOa Niles. Sau Jose and Way Stations . »-4; M
7:«Oa Atlantio Express. Og.len and Kast.. »-*^P
—.<><>. BBtrfda, V;.oaville. BnDM. Sacra-
'•° OAb mento, UroTille and Redding via cMr
7:SO a Martlnc'z, San Ramon, V^liejo, Napa, a!i 3 p
Cslisto&t and Santa R05a. ........ O«1OP
„..,„, •vile, San .lose, Kt<»ckton, lone, .
Tehamaandne.llUuft. ■ 4:l£p
•S:3Oa Petera and Milton. .••.;•••••• 7*»
9:«Oa He* Orleans r;xi>rer.3.Mcrce<l, Fresno,
BakeralicM. Santa liarliara. I.os
- . Aiiseles.-IJemliib El Paso, New
Orleans and Bart *;*!?'
9:OOA Martinez and Stockton ';»■»!>
Iff San" Josri^re-aud ~*
i Stockton •• •••••.* - ««i.'(ii»o
•l:OOp Sacramento Kiver Steamers «•««?
l:O«p Niles, San Jose and Livcrmore £'£*£
1 I :»Op Port bo»U and Way Stations. . ...... U .«P
4:«Oi- Martinez, S:.u Ramon, \!illej<r
Napa, Calistoga. M Verano aud
Santa llos*. •• ;• ••;,••• y wl * o *
«jOOp Benicia, Vaoaville Woodland.
Knights Lauding. Marysville, Oro-
villo ami Bacniuwiito H-lOA
4i3Oi- Lithrop. Stockton, Mmlesto, Mer-
ad, Raymond (for Yosun.ite),aud
Fresno, going via Niles, returning ._
via Martinez.. V"" **«*»*
StOOpLos Angeles Express, Tracy,
Fresno, Mcjave (for lUndsburg).
Santa Barbara ami Los Angeles. <s«A.
5»OOp Santa F<! Jtonle, Atlantic Kxpress
for Mojavo an.l Kast J- JiJ *■
«i:OOp ruroptiu Mail, Ogdeii and K:i»t.... X : •»•»*•
G:OOi> Ilaywanln, Nilmaml Han .lose * "Ti*;'
17:00 i- Vall.jo • • t7s*»F
7:00p Oregon Kxivess, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Keil.Hng. . rortlaiitl. IMfc'et
Bomnlaii.\ Kast..... II.IQA
' SAN LfcAAUUO AM» IIAiWAKIIS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) _,-
I 1««:OOa 1 ( ,«. s J?a'
8:OOa Jlclrose, Seminary Park, io'i'sa
io-'SSa Fitclibur ,Elnihuri.t, jimSa
iiI:WOA San LeanJro, South San ,f:|-!p
a-OOP Lcandro, Estu.lillo, {9*4. iF
'iISSr Lorenio. Cherry , *J«;
s:j*j>r Hayn.rds.
»:0«p i R ims through to Niles. ' . 10-sOp'
rtMMSp I >FrOmNUe8 ' Ut'SrtKiP
SANTA UK!!/ O1VI»IO> (Narrow «aii»o,.
(Foot of Market Street.
17745 a Sauta Cruz Kxcursion. &uiti Cr.iz
and Principal Way Stations ....... JB:o3p
*i»sa New»rk,Ceiitei-villi),Sttii.liiße.*eiton,
Uouldcr Creek. Cruz and Way
Stations. ■■■•• S:3 °'
*3:13p Newark, Ceuterville, San .lode. New
Almaden, l'elton, Moulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal a y... ....
Stations '.V-.!* 1
4slSl|> Newark. San .Iqho »nd l.o» Uatns . . . V-—VA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FromSiß FRINCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•715 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 t3:0O
•1:00 t5:00 *6:00 p.m. .
FromOlKUND— Foot of Broadway .—•6:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 *l:00 12:00 *3:00 t*.:QO *5:00r.M.
COAST IU VISION (Tlilnl X Towiisi-ml Ms.)
7:OOa Sau .lose and Way Millions (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) I:<*©P
9:OOa San Joce, Trea Piuos, Hauta Cruz,
Pacilic <iiove. I'aso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadaiupe, Surf ami
l*rinci|>al Way Stations 4:13r
IU:4Ua San Josu :m.l Way Stations C:3Op
II:3Oa Palo Alto an.l Way Stations StOOp
•2:3Oi'San Mateo.'Menlo Park, San .lime,
Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas.Montereyiunll'aciUcUrove "10:10 a
•3::iOpSan Jose and Way Stations «:4.>A.
•4:3»i- San Jose an.l Way Stations *»:03a
3:UOi> San .lose an.l Principal Way Stations »8:43 a
6:UOp San Jose and Way Stations 0:35 a
t11:45p San Joa - mi.l Way Stations <7:45p
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
• Sundays excentert. t Sundays only. . t Saturdays only
♦ t Thursday and Saturday nights only.
FRANCISCO &KO&TH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of market
San Francisco to San Kafaal.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 8:00, 11:00 it.: 13:3*.
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trim
at 11 :S0 p. m. Saturday a— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 P. m.
BUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. M.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00. 0:20 P.
San Rafael to San FT»ncl<ro.
WEEK DA 6:IS, 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. X.i
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 m. Saturday*— iixtrs trios
at 1:55 p. K. and 8:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:4&
6:00, 6:25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzea • Park saras
schedule as above.
.Leave TnpfTnrt Arrive
San Francisco. Oct. V 4. Ban Franct «<»
Days. I days. | "e«»nation. PAY9^ I DAYa
7:30 am 18:00 ami Novato, 10:40 AM' 8:40 AX
3:30 PM| 9:BO am | Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 a*
6:10 fM, 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
Fulton, "" "
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
Qeyaervllle,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:3» pui 6:23 pm
\ Meta,
:•: : I Hopland «ft
7:30 am I 8:00 am Uklan. 7:36 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am * ; 10:25 am
8:00 tv Guerne villa. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm ■ 6:23 pm
7 :3 C am 8 :00 All Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Kllen. 6:10 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 AM|8:00 AMI RebaatODoL |10:4 ° AM I 10.2 am
»:30PMi5:00rMl &ebaatopot - | 6:10 pm| t>:22PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs: at Ueyservllle for Skates Springs; a*
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Hl<cnla:iJ
Springs, K'lseyville, Soda bay and i^akeport; as
Hopland for Lakeport and Bart!ett sprinj:: at
Vkia.li for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bias
l«kes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Late. Homo, ."o-.tef
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck"
Dell's, Sanhedrln. Heights, Hullvilie, Boonevilla,
Greenwood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendoctno City.
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, wuiets. Call to, Co>
veio. Laytonvlile, Harris, Scotia and Kurekm.
. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reJuoel
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets M all paints t>«-
jrond San Rafael at half rat«»
Ticket Offices, 650 Market at., Chronlela bnndlß&
A.W.FOSTER, B.X.RTAS,
Vres. and tien, Managers. . Gen, Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe I^^ffi%
Limited. J*§r§Bi&
On MONDAYS and jPfe^S^W-"?^.
THURSDAYS the first- firE}^SS*^ißS
class Pullman Rleepinc-c«r EEA39gg9§Kz|3^&]
leaving at 5 p. M. connects E3sfS^a"WHS i 3
at uarstow with th» Santa IHHJb- "VjPgSflft
>c limited train carrying mL^mGw
'Ht.lnß-car, buffet gn:okm ;- £k&?*Z?a^V\}gW 3
car and Pullman ]>aluc">
druwlng-room s!<"eplnfr-c»rs I22SBSN' l SiiS£Jl
for both Chlc.iK'> '""1 St. "— "!«»»' 1 Msjj
Louis via Kansas City.
'■'>' 2 Oays to Chicago or St. Louis,
4^ a ' Days to. N«w York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 6p. m. Pullman palace drawing*
room, also modern upbo'.Rtered tourist sleepiui.-
cars, through to <. hicago via Kansas City. Annex
cars for Denver and M. Louis.
Boston ex curs via Kansas City. Chicago.
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday; St. Paul excursions every Sunday.
Ticket Office, 644 Maikem'rfirt, i hron*
Iclc pnlldlug. lolephone Slain 1531.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
iVia bausalito Ferry). ;
*rom San Francisco, Commencing eepu 1% 1891
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Sun Raiael— *7 l26, •9:15.
11:00 a. M. "I:4s. 3:45, *6:1 5. •5:46,0:30 p.m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays a: 11:30 p. M.
SUNDAYS. ;«;:!.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— "B:oo, "10 -01
•11:30 a. M.; •1:80,3:00, *4:SO. 8:16 F. m.
Trains marked • run to Han Uuentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7-26 a. m
Weekdays, 8«0 a. m. Sundays, 1:46 p. m! batuiw
For Casßdero and wav stations— 7 :2s a. m. ■*».'-.
days: 1:45 *. v. Saturdays.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
cI^I^mSSSSS^- with >orth Pacia «
WEEK DAYS— .vave S. F. 9 # 15 a. it 1 -±\ » «
Returnlng-Arriv« S, £ 3 25 S. 2- I'-Wr it
SUNDAYS- Leaves. I". BA. M 11:30 a.m 1 "3u p m!
Beturning-Arrive S.K. 1 :15 p. m 4:20 rm! 7 a5 l It
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or
miii v^i?-* COOK * " U - Nw ' 621 Market sU, S. F.
MIU Valley and Mount Tamalpals Scenic Kail way.
THE m FRWCISCO MD 811 JOAOUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COBPAVY.
FJun 3 danvV 15> 189? I passen trains will
&o 7 u .i, h , b^ u " d - Station,. ", .Norihooun,!
J.i { 2*- m. Stockton. ......;..6-40 p»7
■ » : *» a. m.. Merced 3:Up "'
11:60 a m..... ..Fre5n0.. .. ....;;. i : io£
lor Intermediate stations see tim^-table.
i.i»r o 80 "^ 8 »"»mboats of the C. N. & i. Cow
le*ve Ban Francisco and Stockton at 6 p. M- dallyDUNNED A LADY
FOR POLLTAX
Being an Undertaker the
Deputy Thought Her Le
gitimate Prey. «
B. J. Wo:d Is a Young Lady
With a Penchant for Han
dling Dead Bodies.
Though B?lievin? in Equi! Rights Sh.>
T-k's Advantage ol Her Sex
Somct mes.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 iiroadway, April 23. J
"B. J. Wood, Undertaker, 1 ' is a very
natural appearing name and business and
being so it was but natural that Deputy
Cotintj Clerk Ruppricht, who represents
Kden Township in the county clerk's
office, should mail the party a notice to pay
polit-x.
Mr. Ruppricht cannot yet understand
bow he made the mistake, and he stiil has
a pariial idea that he has been imposed
« xifion. But he has not
». B. J. Wood it an undertaker whose
"B. J. WOOD," the Undertaker Who Refused to Pay Polltax.
father it a clergyman. The undertaker,
however, is exempt under the law? of Cal
ifornia, from paying polltax, but the rarty
is neither under twenty-one nor over
sixty, "nor an insane i>erion, an idiot or
an Indian not taxed." As a matter of
fact, the undertaker's right name is Miss
Be?s c J. Wood who is the only lady un
dertaker in this city, and it was with con
siderable amusement tuat she received
an official notice to pay polltax. She
vrrote ;o the deputy and informed him
tbat she was exempt from politax, but
signed herielf "B. J. Wood." Mr. Rup
pricht still believed he was right.
More recently Deputy Kuypricht has
made a little investigation, and he is con
vinced tne lady is right and that although
an un -eruker he cannot collect from her
any nolltax.
Misa Wood is the daughter of Rev. I. D.
Woo 1, and a few months ago she became
convinced that a female undertaker ih one
of the greatest needs of modern society.
She has no desire to drive a hearse or
handle morcue ca«es, but she is very pro
nounced in her opinion that relatives <>i
departed females would far rather have
their friends attended to by a lady un .er
taker.
When she fir>t started out it was difti
( It for her to find any undertalc;::^
I'arl.ors where she could learn her business,
biit eventually she s°rvtd an aTpreutice
ship i:: Fresno and graduated wuh cicdit
lo her.«e.f.
"I am glid to say," said Miss Wood,
"that there is no Jeeal oar to a woman
errtering busineis, anil I am of it. c opinion
ihj»t the should be in aiJ respects on an
equal footing with men." When reminded,
:.owtver, that it wouid have been but the
carryinsr out of hei own j>rinrinles to have
I >rie to the County Cierk'* office and paid
!.i r $2 like a man. ;hc lady naively replied :
'Oh, that U a differem matter."
BOTH BURIED AT ONCE.
Death* of Mr. and Mrs. I'.niuier, Who !
Lived Together for Over
Vitiy tmmtU.
Oakland Office San Fbascifco Call,)
908 Broadway, Apul 23. )
Mrs. Irene B. Woodhams, living at
Piedmont, has received news that her
father and mother, after living together
for over ha!! a century, were buried on
the same day from their late home near
Benner Mills, in Maine, recently.
Old age ami large families have been
notable features in the history of the
Benrier family. Mr. Benner, the father of
Mrs. Wood hams, died March 10. nearly 78
years of age. He was attacked with pneu
monia, and being unable to rally on ac
count of the severity of the Eastern cli
mate it Droved fatal.
• Mrs. Benner was also brought down
with the fame disease, ana three days
after her husband* death she also suc
cumbed to its ravages at the age of 80.
They were married just half a century ago
and had Jived for the fifty years in per
fect accord.
Mr. Benner. was a son of Charles Ben
ner, a well-known resident of Maine. He
was Qne"of thirteen children, all of whom
lived to be married. Mr. Benner married
Nar>cy Watts of Warren, and she was one
of a family of sixteen children. The
couple lived on the farm where they died
between fifty and sixty years and were
amoni* tiTe oldest respected citizens of the
Pine Tree State.
Ttiey were Doth charter members of
Whi.t* Oak Grange of North Warren,
wrr>ch lodce has long since celebrated its
jubilee. The children who survive them
are: Mrs. James P. Crane of San Fran
cisco, Mrs. Irene B. Woodhams of Oak
* land, Elwtn Benner of Bonny Doon. (al. ;
JThe Rosy Freshness
And a vtivety softness of the akin is inva-
riably obtained by those who use Pozzoni's
Complexion Powder.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
Charles A. Bennor of Rorkport, Me.; El
liot C. Bennerof North Warren and Mrs.
Alden O. Knler of Waldoboro.
Ambroit'wf Again.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 23 —Dr. Am»
bro«ewf, who became notorious in Oak
land, is evidently an interesting man just
now at Carson, Nev. The District Attor
ney of that place has written to the police
for his record in this city. Ambrosewf
practiced medicine here without a license.
He was convicted and lined and left trie
city. While in Oakland he told all sorts
of stories about a fortune in St. Peters
burg. The stories were denied by the
Russian Consul.
To Restrict Chinese Laundries-
OAKLAND, Cal., April 23.— An inspec
tion has oeen almost completed of the
Chinese wnshhouses in this city, and
Health Officer Bra«.l ley and Secretary Shaf
fer are now prepared to draw up the
necessary ordinance. It is found that the
wasbhouses have comparatively clean
washrooms, but that the sleeping apart
ments of the Cninese are abominably
tiltlty. Inspector On says that spraying
with the mouth is being stopped and that
most of the Chinamen are now doing this
wort with a whisk broom.
l>eedera Go Into Court.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 23. — The
troubles of the Reeders have at last got
into the divorce courts. Some time ago a
story was published in which there was
some chasing out of the house with Knives
1 at the Reeder residence, and C. C. Miller
is mentioned in the complaint as being
responsible for the trouble. The parties
have been married ten years and have
four children.
Teachers in Doubt.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 23.— The teach
ers in the Oakland High School are
doubtful whether the ue>v pension law ap
plies to them. The act states that "all
public-school teachers of California" may
take advantage of the measure and the
County Treasurer is the custodian of the
money and he alone can handle it. The
high-school teach-rs are paid ty the City
Treasurer and it is doub'.ful if he can
legally collect the money from the teach
ers and turn it over to the County Treas
urer.
The Vargas' Divorce Case.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 23.— The divorce
' case of the Vargases is on trial to-day.
Mr?. Louisa Varga? has brought suit
■ against her husb.ind Joseph for a separa-
I tion, on the ground of extreme crut-ity.
; Her husbaud has entered a cross-com
i plaint making serious charges. Attorneys
Walter Magee and William Mem,
Eerkeley*s Representatives in
the Intercollegiate Tennis
Tournament*
Chapman and Walih appear for Vargas
and A. A. Moore and RoDert Edgar for
Mrs. Vargas. There is a largo amount of
objectionable testimony being taken and
the case is being stubbornly contested be
cause property rights are involved.
What In a Legal Newspaper? -
OAKLAND, Cal., April 23— At the next
meeting of the Council the question will
be brought up and determined as to what
constitutes a legal newspaper. The ordi
nance for the annexation election was or
dered to be printed in the Emeryville
News. Much opposition has been devel
oped against the News, as ii has not | been
published regular and it is thought that
such a state of affairs may interfere with
the legality of the election. . Th« Council
has decided to taka action. «
Earned His Money, „
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 23— For $40 Lars
Jensen climbed "to the toD.of the Presby
-1 terian church steeple to-day and removed
a heavy bail wnirh threatened to. fall at
any moment While in the air he re
placed' the broken' ornament with a new'
, one.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 24. 1 807.
SOCIALISM WAS
A DIRE FAILURE
E. L. Fischer Has Returned
From the Tcpolobampo
Colony.
Everybody Works Independently
and the Colonists are Uni
formly Successful.
•
A Glowing Report Which Contrasts
Strarg ly With Other Stories '
From the Settlement.
*
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
903 Broadway, April 23. J
E. L. Fischer has just arrived from the
colony at Topolobampo, Mexico, where he
went with a party ei-ht years ago to estab
lish a socialistic colony. He is the first
one of the colonists to return, and he re
ports a very successful condition of affairs.
Mr. Fischer was formerly a resident of
Hay wards, but he declares that every thine
is progressing so smoothly at the colony
that he will soon return.
"Our colony is thriving wonderfully
well," said Mr. Fischer, "and everybody
is contented. We have now got an irriga
tion system that cost $200,000, and with
our big ditch we are independent of the
weather and therefore have a big ad
vantage over the native ranchers. The
colony is now mostly stocked with sugar
cane, which is very prolitable, and last ,
season the colonists averaged $50 an acre
from their canes. We also prow an
abundance of wheat, vegetables and fruit,
and it all finds a ready market.
"The people in the surrounding sections
purchase most of our produce, and we
nave no difficulty whatever in procuring
all the naiive labor we want at forty cents
a day. Land is cheap and a splendid fu
ture is ahead lor settlers, of whom there
are altogether too few.
"vVhon we went down there we com
menced to wort on socialistic lines. We
shared tlie labor and we ■hired the prod
uce, and for a time all went well. As our
scope of work increased, however, we
found that Uie socialistic plan did not
vork. Then various unlooked-for conten
tions arose, and It was found very difficult
for a lar^e colony to get along on the com
munistic plan, The syiteru worked for
awhile, but .-«onie time ago we were forced
to abandon it. and the socialistic idea was
therefore a failure.
"We continued to prosper, however, and
now everybody is running on an inde
pendent basis and we tind it much better.
There are now first-class schools and
churches and I do not know of a better
place ior people to live who are willing to
work and who are inte licent."
Mr. Fischer says that he will remain
here for a few months and will alterant to
lake another crowd 01 colonists down to
Mt-rico with him.
His present plans call for his return in
October.
The glowing report of Mr. Fischer pre
sents a strange contrast to many stories
that have been sent up from Topoio
bmnpo and which told of privations,
losses and ill success ail over the colony.
Tiicse s-tories might have been sent out
by some of those who wore responsible
;or ihe failure of the socialistic plan, but
Mr. Fi«cher says the colony now speaks
for itself.
SENATOR DENISON RETURNS.
Says He I* Still a Candidate to Succeed
John Daggett. I
OAKLAND, Cal., April 23.— Senator
Eli.Denison has returned from Wash
ington, whither he went 10 try to succeed
John Daggett as superintendent of the
Mint. He says that the stories of bis
having wi hdrawn from the Mint fight
are not true. The Mint matter is not set
tled yet, according to the Senator, and he
still considers himself a candidate.
".Mr. Hanna told me." paid Senator
Denison, "that the nomination will not
be made for about two months. Being
still in the ficrht, I am not and hay never
been a candidate for postmaster of Oak
land. I had a pleasant chat with the
Piesi 'ent, and when Senator Perkins told
him that 1 was the man who sent him the
live eagle la«t Oclob r we had a good
laugh."
STILL TRYING SUICIDE.
The Young Circus Woman Repeats Her
' Coast Experience at Natr
Orleans.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call )
908 Broadway, April 23. j
• Mrs. Laura Trice, the woman who
makeß a living by jumping off bridges
and pretending to commit suicide, has
now reached New Orleans. A few months
ago she created a sensation by performing
the same ..rick near Hay ward?.
At that time she was .brought to the
County Jail and Sheriff White was ex
tending practical sympathy to her until
he discovered ,that she had been imposing
in a like manner on the officials in a
dozen interior towns in this State.
Last. Monday morning in New Orleans
a young woman created considerable ex
citement by jumping into the Ola Basin
in the - presence of a crowd. She was res
cued and turned over to the police, to
whom she told her pitiful story.
There was the same tale of marriage at
13, circus-riding, desertion by a cruel hus
band and a desire to die, ana not knowing
any better the officials treated her with
marked sympathy. She told them thai
she had traveled down this coast and
across to New Orleans, and also sprung
her old story of a sister keeping a board"
ing-bouse in New York who would care
for here if transportation be furnished.
Mrs. Price in New Orleans is Mrs. Maud
Virginia Ballard, and unless the people
there have learned the truth the adven
turess has probably been furnished trans
: portation to some city where she will re
; peat her star act.
A QUEER COINCIDENCE.
Attempted Burglary at the Residences
of a Bride and Groom.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 23.— A queer
coincidence in the burglary line took
place early Thursday morning on Central
avenue in this city. On Wednesday night
occurred the Page-Peck wedding. After
th« festivities were over and ail had re
tired in the P*ck residence at 2057 Central
avenue, Mrs. Peck was awaKened by some
noise, and going to her window saw a man
who appeared to be endeavoring to gain
lan entrance to the front door. Knowing
i that all the valuable wedding presents
were in the house, she concluded that the
burglar must be after them. She called to
him and lie at once too* flight.
About tie same time, or perhaps a little
1 later, the occupants of the house a few
doors away, where the bridegroom had
resided prior to hi-, marriage, were awak
ened by some noise downstairs, and upon
investigating found that burglars had
paid them a visit as well. From indica
tions found in the dining-room there must
' have been two of the intruders, and the
■ first thing they had done was to reeale
themselves with food and drink. Before
they concluded the repast and got down
. to business they made some noise that
i aroused the inmates and were frightened
away without having stolen anything bo
far as could be ascertained.
Sunday Observance Sleeting.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 23. — The
Christian Endeavor City Union has called
i a masj-mteting at the Pars-street Metho-
J dist Church next Wednesday - night to
1 discuss mi!»ns for securing a better ob
servance of the Sabbath in this city. The
Epworth League and the Baptist Union
will participate, and the pastors of all the
churches will join in the movement.
% . , — — — » ♦ ■»
Both Re-£lected.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 23.— Track
Manager Barnes and Captain Brown were
boih rs-elected to their positions for next
term this afternoon by the Associated
Students. A. H. Allen was chosen vice
president and secretary of the Associated
Students, and Reno Hutuhinaon tieas
urer. B:eriing Carr vat selected for the
office of secretary of the Athletic A-soii*
tion; H. E. Humphreys, treasurer; L. N.
facott, '99 representative on the executive
committee; E. McCleive, '00 representive;
Colonel Edwards, laculty representative.
Nominations were made for other offices
as follows, the elections to be by ballot on
Monday: President of the Associated
Student-, Philip Thayer and (Jeorpe
Clark; President of the Athletic Associa
tini, Allen (nickering and M. Dozier;
baseball manager, Farish, Cross and
Spencer.
Did Not Celebrate,
BERKELEY, Cal., April 23.— 1n ad
dressing the Associated Stuuents to-day
I\es)de?t William R. Davis of the Alumni
Association made some pointed remarks
about the failure of .'•tudents and facu.ty
to attend the charit-r-day exercises la:-t
month. Mr. Days thought ihe absence of
students and professors was evidence of a
state ol feelina that if persisted in must
result disastrously for the institution. He
declared ihat of 146 professors and in
structors only thirteen went to hear the
charter-day speeches and said ibat those
who stayed away were actuated by a
harmful spirit of individualism.
A*sociat«d Students.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 23.— The Asso
ciated Students of the university to-day
adopted a set of resolutions in favor of the
adoption of a permanent method of set
tling disputes thnt may arise in the ar
rangement of intercollegiate contests. The
resolutions provide for the appointment
of a committee of three to confer with a
similar committee of cardinal men and
adopt a plan which, after approval of the
committees, is to be submitted to the stu
dent bodies for ratification. A. H. Allen,
James Hopper and C. L. Miller were
cboien to constitute the Barfceley com
mittee.
Tannin Gatn«t.
BERKELEY, cal., April 23.— Berkeley
won the first tennis game ugauis: Stan
ford to-day, at the California Court, San
Francisco. The Blue and Gold won the
doubles aii'l one of the singles, thus s-cor
ing three points of the five required for a
victory. In the bingleb Meia beat Free
man of Stanford, and Magee was beaten
by Pitcner of Stanford. The tournament
will be continued n.*xt Friday.
Occident Election.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 23.— Q. T.
Rector '98, who was editor of the Blue
and Gold juit issued, has been elected
editor of the Occident for next term. ' C.
M. Dickerson '98, who has been manager
for two terms, was again chosen for the
place.
LAFAYEITE PARK.
Judge Se«well Confirms the <!(>'■ Title
to Valuable Public Property.
Judge Seawell handed down three de
cisions yesterday, in which he confirmed
the City'a title to certain pans of Lafay
ette Park, hitherto claimed by S. \V. Hol
ladsy, Lorenzo Sweeney, Uonora Suarp
and others.
These cases have been pending for a
numberof years and the litigation over
their possession has engrossed" the atten
tion of tie several departments of the
Superior Court.
Some time ago it judgment was given by
the Supreme Court wh:ch allows the title
of Mr. ilolladay to a part ot the Lalayette
Park property, bo soon as the legal title
can be disposed of by the feupreme Court
proceedings will be instituted by the City
to gain possession of tbe entire area of
what was originally intended to be Lafay
ette Park.
NOW RICH ENOUGH
TO PLAY BALL
City and County Officials to
Work Off Flesh on
the Diamond.
Harry Thomas, the Amateur
Romeo, Bossing Things at
the City Hall.
C-.l Ewin% the Handsome R j l?anc
Man, Will Attend to the
Hall of Records.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, ADril 23. )
Now that the city election is over and
such minor things as politics are having
a rest, the attention of officials has been
centered on more important matters, and
baseball Is tv be at once revived.
City Attorney Dow used to be the cracK
first baseman of the university. Cal Ewing
of the Reliance Clnb and ChefDaputy
County Clerk boasts that he can bat a ball
"out of sight." Monte Clement, the new
City Engineer, used to be a pitcher ol
great renown. Harry Thomas, the new
secretary of the Board of AVorKs, can run
City Attorney Dow Preparing to
Beat Sheriff White at Ball-
Playing.
like a hare, on a diamond. Police Judge
Allen was once the captain of a West Oak
land nine, an*', indeed, nearly everybody
at the City hall has a record for ball
playing. Chief of Police Lloyd is a
wonder.
Down at the county building-* there is
just as much enthusiasm, and the Cnunty
Official Club will at a very eariy date play
the opening match with the city end of
the govern went. Frank Jordan "lost nis
hair playing baseball many years ago;
Charley Spear is said to hare stretched
hi"j lees a pood foot sliding toward the
bag; Deputy Ma^on is an all-round ath
lete, and Tax Collector Barber Bhould
make a splendid*umpire.
All these people are now assured of good
salaries for the next two yean, irrespec-
Cal Ewing Coaching County Offi
cials for the Great Contest.
tive of the nmonnt of labor they perform,
so they can well afford '.ochasethe nimbi*
ball without tanning any ri^k of being at
the short end of their financial systems as
the months roll by.
Harry Thomns 19 the leading spirit at
the City Hall, and practice will begin in a
feT7 day* 1 - Cal Ewing will marshal the
County Club, and as tney are all experts
they will need but very little drilling.
This revival of official baseball has been
made possible by tne number ot young
men recently elected to office. In past
administrations age ha 3 been considered a
necessary qualification to cam official
salaries, but the advent of young men's
Republican clubs has dispelled this idea
and young men are now in the creat ma
jority. Will Prin-rle, the president of the
Council, is but L' 4 years of age. Hi« youth
was a month ago considered a detriment
to him, bul now that the principles oi
municipal covernmeut and other rath
trifles have been subordinated to baseball,
the young man who can mate most base
bits will be the hero of the City Hall. Oak
land always lias been the great bailiwick
of small boys, and now that they are to ba
given an opportunity to "root" it is ex
pected that Jafcey Bntirogarten, the leader
of the roolers, will import a at ecial gang
from Alameda to support and encourage
the noDle game, which Jafcey ha» tried in
vain to resuscitate miic> the going out of
Colonel Ten Pin Robinson.
The Lachine Rapids of the St. Lawrenc
are at last to be utilized. For some lirue
work has Leen prosecuted oil a larse winge
dam tbat runs out moie than 1000 feet inio
the St. Lawrence River. A fait of water
is secured by thi3 means of 15,000 horse
power. This water power is to be trans
formed into electric. tv. Upon the dam a
power-house will be. buiit to rur. its entire
length and show an unbroken interior of
1000 fact in length.
The fee-simile /rf /Z&?-i * :■"* "on every wrapper
signature of (&4£/%74H02w6 of CASTO&IA.
/^- -^
ATTENTION, _S ALOOX MEN! %
STEKET Si CRKSWELL,
General Auctioneers, 927 Market street, ■Tele-
phone Mint 155-,
WILL SELL AT A LOTION,
BPRKK'S KLEGANT SALOON,
Cor. Valeucla nnd'l'w«utr-«ixth Streets, -
One of the handsomest and best-appointed sa-
loo is in the city; everything first class: promi-
n-ntly located a" (1 dolnz a flourishing business.
Will be sold ai a whole or In lots to suit; can be
b ugnt at private s:<le at any time prior to da of
sale: a very rare opportunity: you are respectfully
invited to Inspect the place: full particulars In
Monday morning -papers. For any information
apply or write to F. J. BCRKfc.. Valencia and
Tv\fcn:y-sixtn streets, or to ■•- • -
STKh T A ( KKsWF.I-t,. Auctioneers.
ENDEAVORERS
HARD AT WORK
Plans Are Now Being Per
fected to Welcome the
Easterners.
Sacramento and Fresno Form
Reception Headquarters
for Trains.
Reports of Committees at the Las:
Meeting — Names of Organ za
tions Changed ;
The reception committee which will
have charge of the work of welcoming to
California the throngs of Christian En
deavorers who will come here next July
met last Tuesday evening at ~ the head
quarters of the committee of '97 in the Y.
M. C. A. building: A. 8. Johnson, chair
man of tne committee, presided, and all
the ?üb-c omnmtee* v. ere well represented,
there being fourteen members present.
The reports of the sub-committees dis
closed much of interest in regard to the
plans for work next July. Robert Cle
land, chairman of the sub-committee on
railroads, reported tnat that committee
had already met and formulated general
plans for its work. It was decided to be
gin work at Fresno in the south and Sac
ramento in the north.
The size of the committee will depend
upon the number of trains bringing dele- j
gates, and this will be determined later by I
consulting the itineraries of the various
State delegation!. One member of the
committee will be assigned to each
through train. The committee expects to
assist the entertainment and registration
committees by distributing on the trains
cards for the assignment of entertain
ments and registration cards, so as to pre
vent confusion and accumulation of work
at the registration booths.
The sections of the reception committee,
which will be made up of residents of
Sacramento and Fresno, will be selected
from those who expect to attend the con
vention in San Francisco. As each train
draws into the station in these two places
the local reception committee will be on
duty, ana If time permits will give each
Endeavorer in the train a hearty hand
shake ana a warm California welcome.
Then each train will be boarded .by a
member of the railroad committee and
several members. of the local reception
committee, who will come through to the
City. The train will be in charge of the
member of the railroad committee, and
the name of the person in charge, the
name.-" of the Slate delegations occupyin •
the train and the number on board will
be telegraphed to the committee in San
Francisco, so that exact preparations can
be made to receive and care for the vis
itors.
The arrangements for the north, with
headquarter* at Sacramento, will be in
charge of the chairman of the road i
committee, Mr. Cleland, assisted by Vice-
Chairmen Clark and Jenkins. In the
south the plans will be carried out under
the supervision of Lester B. Smith, as
sisted by Fabius Finch.
The committee on stations will be on
duty in two division?, covering the Va
lencia-street station on the coast division
of the Southern Pacific Railroad and the
station at the foot of Market street. . The j
members on duty at these two stations
will be divided into three shifts—morn
intr, afternoon ami evening shifts. At the
loot of Market street these will consist of
twenty-rive each and at Valencia street of
ten each.
Upon the arrival of delegates they will
be conducted in parties of about ten to
the Pavilion for registration and will then
be taken to their stoppins-piacea. Mem
bers of this committee will be expected to
provide themselves with a joyful counte
nance, a warm handshake and a large
fund of information as to the points of in
terest in and about the City, the streetcar
lines, transfer privileges, etc
The other sub-committees are unable to
'report definite plans, because arrange
ments of other committees being incom
plete they could not pet the information
necessary to enable them to make the
plans.
The central executive committee of the
reception committee is in future to be
known as the reception committee staff,
the sub-committees will be called sections
and the rank and tile of the committee
aids. - ' . '
WHERE THEY WILL GO.
Slate Delegations Assigned to Vari
ous Societies. .
From the current issue of Golden Gate
News is given a list of societies grouped as
they are to entertain delegates and the
State delegations that have been assigned
to them. The first-named church of
every group will be the church head
quarters:
SOCIETIES. DELEGATIONS.
■ fON-nBEQATIONAI. .
First, Hun FrancUco... ">
san Hafael.. I '
Fourth, >-an Francisco Ohio
Inaidio. >Mlssonrl
First, Al.<m<>rl» .:.... I Oklahoma
Urst, Berkeley .". I
Park church, i.orln ...... J
riymouth. San Francisco."...").'
KicnmoDd, San Francisco... I , _ .
I'ierce-str et, Sjjn Franclaco | Massachusetts
First, Oakland , \ \v«.hin.mn
Fourth. Oakland..... (Alaska
Firs.. Nile*. Alaska
Oaic Cbaiel... ". . ...
Mmol Ulen, Snnol .j
Third, San Francisco ..."]
Park San I'rauclsro :
.Advent Christian, can Fran
cisco... ....'... ....7..... ...... Maine
Plymonth-aveuu-, Oakland.. I Arizona
Pilgrim. Ktst Oakland '.New Mexico
>'orth 8erke1ey......:........ Texas
Filch
Det'Oto I
versa Ist, Oakland ....... J
Bethany, Sari Francisco "j
Bethlobem, San Francisco... .
■ Chines*, ■*•' an Fraa Cisco...... Minnesota ".
Mariners 1 Church... : wuconfln " '
Mniket-street. Oakland. ""( FloaMnr aorf*M« ;
First. u»ywaid5. ..........:.. Fi°»»n« "Odettes ,
Src>nd. Wist Oakland.
I,'lilup.sp, Oakland _'-:-.. '
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 gutter Street.
Telephone— Main 5181.
0 THIS DAY. :
■Saturday ...April 24,. 1897,
At 10 o'clock a. M.,
We will sell at the S ore formerly occupied by
SHIRKS & SHIREK.
747 IV£ J&.HJ&.JEIT ST.,
THE ENTJIIE
BANKRUPT STOCK
ELEGANT PARLOR, BEDROOM, LIBRARY
AND DtNIKG-ltooai FURNITURE, MO-
QUKT Ail) BRUSSELS CARPETS, LACE
CURTAINS, BEDDING, FOLD BEDS,
etc , c c.
I) WARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Auctioneers.
. .
PRESBTTEBIAN9.
San Francisco, First 1 ..
JUfael ..: „- „', .
Mizpalj, San Francisco -> ew } 0T *
African M. K. Zion, San " New Jerssy
>ran<Uco .;:..: V Arkansas
Centennial. Kait Oakland.... '•° lll . sia , :ia I
First Oakland (Volunteer) Mississippi
Temescal j
Calvary, Sao Francisco ...... 1 ■
Memorial, San Fraucisco.... D » < <
Holly Park, can Francisco... I Pennsylvania •
Second, Oakland > pisi. of «.olun:bl*
First, Berkeley. '.'.'.'..'..'.'.'. Uel»w»re
Kan lieandro. j '
Trln £au Francisco '...">
Olivet. 6=aa* rari Cisco , 
Lebanon, San .Fraucisco . I Indiana
First, H»yw-rdj '"" J-Coloredo
First, Alameda.. j om '»8
Klmhurst :..'.'.'.'..'. J
First United, San Fianelsco.l ■ . ;
second United, fan Francisco I
United Presbyterian, Oak- , , • ■• v
land ..... ■• iOanada
Newark Pi eVoyterian !"!"'" fOe ,on
Alvaralo Prsbyietian. .. ;
Friends, Booth Berkeley..... j - .
Howard, San Francisco ")
M. John's, r-af. Francisco.'.'" | Kentucky
HF ""',>•" ITenn. ssee
I'riwn r^^-f. 7 !.: i'-Nortn Larollno
Cemervule * ruitva c I 8ou«l Caro lua
Westminster, San Francisco. ~i
irankiin, San Francisco |
Chinese, -an I-rancmco. New Hampshire ■
Aehby-avenue, Kerkele/. ..'..' ! Khoue li *
t'Odon liaU?
Ci. incise, 0a1iiand. ......'..'..'.'. j •
BAPTIST.
Urst, San Francisco -)
Union-square, San Fiancisco j Connbcitcnt
lentu-avenuc, Oakland -Michigan
first tree Baptis., Oakland. {Utah
iirst, Berkeley i Nevada
•English Lutheran, Oakland.. J
Emmanuel, san Francisco..."
Hainli:ou-j(iuare, tan Fran- I „ ,
Cisco i Maryland
Third, 'an Fraii'ciVco '. ! -Virginia
Fust, Oakland " j West Virginia
Golden (jute .......... ...'.'.'. j
METHODIST.
Central, San Francisco.. i
First, Oakland
Bethel a. M. c, san >ran'
/' sco Illinois
**«««. uaiiai,d Montana
. rfulty, Berkeley r ldaho
Shattuck - avenue, South North Dakota
Berke.ev.. south Dakota
Firs, Alameda
Moss Tract, Klmhurs:
Sunshine, Oakland
CHRISTIAN.
West Side, San Frunciico ■) lowa
Y. W..C, a i Alabama
Central. Oakland oeorjtla
First, Berkeley j i lo Ida
Fint, San Francisco. 1 „
First, Oakland I Kansas
Irvlagtou ••--......... ED a3lca
Warm springs .*."!'.'." J Indian Territory
"NED" FAY BANKRUPT.
Hi* Debts Amount to Ov r 918,000 and
He Says He lias Xo An. With
"Which to Pay.
Edward Fay, saloon-keeper, familiarly
known about town as Ned Fay, has filed
a petition in insolvency. He owes $18,
--962 81 and has no assets. . .-'L- :
"Among the bills against Fay. is one by
the Guadaloupe Dairy Company tor $550
on account of milk. John Sroufe & Co.
are on the list for $3708 65 on account of
liquors, while J. J. Lsrmen appears as a
creditor to the amount of $6340 on account
of a promissory note.
J. J. Raver, Joseph E. Sham, W. Rigby
Jr. and other gentlemen known in the
community as collectors of bad debts also
figure among ihose who ho.d unsettled
claims ana nst Fay. *
.Following is a list of Fay's creditors,
with the amounts due:
Henry Stell, tailor. $170; Albert Hose,
tailor, $39; Eugene D. Sullivai:, tailor, 85;
Michdoiis & Romnn; shirt rnanofacture'ia of
New York City, $93; J. W. CHrmxny, Hosiery,
. »c, $40; Ko<e>unai & Co.', shoes. $3G; Koenie
& Co.. shoes, 93o; J. P. Licnze, laundrv.SlOO-
W. K. Vanilerslice, jewelry, $80; Hainmer
snuth & Field, jewelry, $78; 1). Samuels,
$13 75; Pavis. SchOHwiis.s«r & Co., $50 70-
Newman & Levius'/n, $52 95; Samuel New
man. $299 99; Mme. L.'uenberger, $533;
Scott <fe 'McCord, hay and- grain, $400; T.
Tierney, b'.acksmithing, $36; Clubroimh <&
Go.cher, puns and ammunition, $403; United
Carriage Conn-any, ¥160; H. Liubes A Co.,
furs, $15; Wakel c & to., drugs, $30.20;
George Fuller, M.D.. $500; John Sroufe & Co.
liquors, $3708 C 3; |;«vid A. Citmblin, promts-
Rorv no-e, $2134 07; J. J. Lermen, note.
$6340; J. K. Si.am. beer, $207 12- P. N.
Meyers, draft, $200 00; J.J. Kauer. liquors,
$235; J. J. Raver, medical service.*, $50; J J.
Kaa r, dry goods, $90; Joseph K. :?h«iiM, $207
for beer; J. K. Sham, stationery, $09: \V.
Ripby, liquors, $109; fi. Franklin, jewelry.
$53 25; 11. Franklin, pjultry, $102.
Fay assigns no cause for his f«ilure. He
has expensive habits, but it was supposed
that his business yielded a. big profit and
his creditors thought he would finally be
able to settla his score. He has let them
know that he has no such intention.
•— ♦ — -
MORE AGAINST MORGAN.
Charged With touting the Poor .Estate
of George W. Cornwall.
: Mr.'. Felicia B. Cornwall nai given a
Rood reason for not paying the debts of
her late l'tisband, George W. Cornwall.
When asked why she had neglected to
obey the or lor of the court Mrs. Cornwall
told Judge Coffey Wednesday that she wa->
willing to settle the account, but that her
husband's estate amounted to only $172 25
and of this sum not a nickel had ever
come into her possession:
"E. M. Morgan .was my attorney," said
Mrs. Cornwall, sadly, "and i c went with
me to draw the wage* due my husband
from the railroad company. Mr. Morgan
put the money in his poctet and said he
couldn't give it to me without an order of
court. Since then I have not bee.-i able
to pet anything from him. He has left
the City and Ido not where to rind him."
" Morgan is the lawyer who fled the City
at the time of the publication of the faci3
regarding the hlackrmiline of E. K. Alsip,
a real estate agent ot Sncramento. .
NEW TO-DAY.
TCUREFITS
When I say I cure I do not mean merely to
stop them for a time and then have them re-
turn again. I mean a radical cure. I have made f
the disease of FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING
SICKNESS a life-long study. I warrant my
remedy to cure the worst cases. ' Because
others have failed is no reason for not now
receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy.
Give Express and Post Office address.
* Prof. W.H. PEEKE, F.D.,
. 4 Cedar St., New York.
§J)r.Gibl)oii'B Dispensary,
<*25 HEARS V ST. Established
In 1H.".-t for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
I disease wearing on bodyand mind and.
skin Diseases. Tberloctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
I <nrp*sa»rani^4. Caliorwrict
Or. J. V. uIIiBOJI. Bos i937.San Fraocito*
1112
CAUSE OF DELAY
IN CHINA MAILS
Postmaster McCoppin Sends
aLstterof Explan
ation.
He Believes the Fault to Lie
With the Quarantine Au
thorities.
The Chamb.r of Commerce Will Peti
tion the Postal s.. r-G.-neral to
Abate the Evil.
At the last annual meeting of the Cham
ber of Commerce the question was raised
and widely discussed of tne delay in the
distribution of the China mail-* alter they
reach this port. Complaint was made by
Horace Davis that in several cases delays
of thirty hoars were shown and, in one
particular instance, a delay of forty-seven
hours.
Accordingly Postmaster Frank McCop
pin was communicated with by Captain
Merry in regard to the dilatory transmis
sion of the mails and the iorn; quarantine
in which they were placed. In reply, the
following communication was received
yesterday:
San Francisco, Cal., April 22, 1897.
lion. William L. itxrry. Secretary and Treat- \
vrer of the Chamber of Commerce of San Fran
cisco—Dear Sik: 1 be.; to acknowledge receipt
of your letter of the 22d inbU in behalf of the
Chamber of Commerce, with which you were
pleased to transmit to me a communication
irom the Sperry Flour Company of this City,
complaining of the delayed delivery of Asiatic
mails.
In reply thereto I would state that the facts,
as outlined by Hon. Horace Davis of the Sperry
Flour Company, are In the main correct. The
responsibility lor this state of things does not.
however, rest with the postal service. Mr.
Pavis culled at this office a few days since rela
tive to this matter, in.! was furnished with a
lull statement of the circumstances giving rise
to the delays complained of. The matter is
one which rests entirely with the quarantine
authorities.
With a view to expediting the delivery of
these mails I have oeen in constant corre
spondence with both the quaiantinp officials
end the steamship companies since tne
Asiatic ports were declared infected by the
Board of Health of this City. I have cone
even further than my duty as a Po-tofficv offi
cial requires by placing two of my own men
at the quarantine station 10 receive the mails
aud hasten their passage through thedisin
lee ting process.
The regulations of the Federal quarantine
require that mi.!l> shall remain in the tanks
about sixteen hours. The remainder of the
time is consumed in checking and preparing
the mulls for fumisration, rebagging them ana
getting them across from Angel Island to this
office.
1 mlly realize the annoyance resulting to
the business community irnm this state of
things, and would be m Ist happy to co-<.per
flte with your chamber in effecting a remedy,
If such can be found.
I can only add that every effort is being
made by this department to meet the situa
tion and that I hold myself in readiness to
co-operate with your chamber in aiy future
steps which it may think tit to take louking to
arvmeiy. lam, ir. 'h» meantime, yours very
respectfully, Fkank McCorpiN, Postmaster.
P.y R. E. Doyie, As=i*tant Fosim ester.
It is very probable that the next step of
the cliamber will be to *end a petition
to the Postmaster-G ere-al at Washington
and try to have the hours of fumigation
lessened. In tnis step Mr. McCoppin, as
Been by his letter, will doubtless co
operate.
BIG IMPEOVEMENTS.
A Prenldio Heights That May Have
Much Money Spent on It
A resolution of intention was adopted
by the Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday to improve a large
tract in the Presidio Heights district by
public contract. The tract embraces
sixteen blocks bounded by First aud
Central avenues and Sacramento ami
Jackson streets and the idea is to bi
tumin.ze tne roadways, lay -walks and
generally improve the section. The cost
of the work will be from $125,000 to
$150,000.
The petition on which the resolution
was based came from the Presidio Heights
Improvement Club, but the matter will
by opposed by several large property
owners who claim that such improve
ments are premature.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Leon DennerytoL. Lorenzini, lot on 8 line of
Clay reet, 1 JB:9 t- of Pleice. E2sby S 127:4 V«:
flu.
Patrick and Mary Murphy to Emma Ktlerien,
lot on E line of Lyon street, 25 a of Fulton, s 2i
by B 96:10%: $*00.
Philip J. and Emily A. or Kmille A. Haver to
Susan H. Kwell and >nrali H. Tnompson. lot. ou
NW corner of Twentv-flith and Shotwell street,,
W 22:6 by N 75; $10.
Trinidad Boutin to Lnlgl. Caterlna. Isabella and
Maria Pedronclnl, lot on W line of Pacific alley,
117:6 N of Pacific street N 20 by W 62:9: $1.
Lulgl, 1 aterloa, Isabella and Maria l'edrooclnl
to Pao.o Arata, m-: $10.
Etta Harris to sai;e Harris, lot on SW line of
Park I-au- South. l'Ji:\y 3 NX of Third street. NE
26. NW 97:6. sW 21:6. s 35:1%, BK7V!:4*/ : *1.
Joseph K. o'Donneil to Mar^ueritte E. Aharon,
lot on >' W line of Natoma street, 160 NE of Sixth,
MB 2 5 by NW 80: $ JSUII.
Edith C. sedgley, John Kels and E B Mastlck
(executors of estate of Rosetta A. Sedgiey) to
Emma bchoknecht, lot on W line of San Bruno
avenue (Nebraska). 50 S of Nineteenth {Butte)
Street, S 25 by W 100; $17.V
Lewis C. and Emma Straus, Km ma and Simon
M<-y«r, Julia ana M. II Dre-fiis, Fannie and Da
vid Gluckman to Julia Dreyfus, lot on NX corner
of Texas and Butte -tre<-:s. E25 by N 100: $i(JO.
Same to Fannie G:uckman lot. on N line of
Buite street, 60 E of Texas, E 25 by N 100; $100.
Richard H-ldreth toLucvHeldreth, lot on N line
of Minerva street, 380 W o: Capitol. W 200 by N
126, block It, Railroad Horn- stead: «5.
Anna M. Gift to Margare. Cornelius, rerecorl of
1727 deeds *01. loi on SW line of Eighteenth ave
nue. 25NWof H street, KW 26 by kw 100. io:
1, block 363, South San Francisco Homestead and
i.ai road Association; also lot 8. block 666. Tide
Lands; gilt
P. M. at d Mary C. Clarknon to Charles M. and
Julia A. - hore. lot on NW line of Brighton ave
nue, 150 N of Hotloway avenue, N 60 by W 1 1 ■£ -b
lots 48 ana 4U, bock 4, Lakevlew; $10. " ' '
Edward J. Leßreton to Horatio Paul, 699 deeds
45, n.i interest In estate of Elizabeth Paul. No.
« 80, Alameda County; $-.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
Kate S. Wive to Elia C Francis, lot on W line of
Filbert street. 111:8 sot West E ghteenth, s 25
by W 125. being 101 5, bloc* 595, Market-street
1 ract, between sixteenth and r.ighteeiuii, Oak
land. subject to a mortgage for $: 600: 10.
Minnie K. Mantels to George W. Ilatghl, lot on
X Hoe of Grant street, 81 :9 Wof Fourteenth ave
nue, W7sby N 100: so lot on N line of Grant
street, 200 E of Union, E 50 by N 100. being lots?
aDd 10. block L. new map of Lynn Homestead
East i-aKland; $1.
James need to Mary 8. Grant, lot on N line
of AddißOn street, 150 W of Grant, \V 50 by N
138. being lot 1, map of subdivisions 6 and 7,
Hardy Tract, subject to a mortgage, Berkeley;
$16. .
L C. and Miriam Storehouse to Klmhum Land
Company (a ration) and Lucilla B Forman,
lot 31. ' In. hurst. Park No. 2, Brooklyn 1 own
shin; $10.
„ Frederick P. Lauterwasser to Frederick P.
Tiitcher, ;ot 1. bloc.; 2. town of Pinole, with ex
cention. Contra Costa county; $10.
F. King, administrator of estate or Lene
Rcnreeb, Lene, John and August .-clireeb (by com
missioner) to Louis Schn-eb lot on S line of Eigh
teenth street, 110 W of Peralta, W 26 by 8
116:7 Vs. Ing lot 10, block 740 a, Oakland: erant.
Albert. Rowe to Andrew .^:yers, lot on NW cor
ner of sixteenth and Market itree s, N 75 by W
10 J, being lots 14, 15 and 16, block 593, Oakland;
quitclaim deed; (10.
I lie J. Dewing Company to Wells, Fargo & Co.,
lot on N line of Fourth avenue. 80 W from, point
of Intersection of N line Newton avenue, N
1U5.92, E 29 BJ. * 10i'.i)8, W 20 to beginning.
I-i.fi takiand; »10. *'
Irving M. Scott to Fffie Browne, lot on N line of
sixth avenue, ISS E of East Tenth street. E 25 by
N 160, block 21. Clinton, East i;aitland: rift.
Mountain View Cemeter.- Association to F. 11.
I Ink.!, iot 1 in pint 26. Mountain View Cemetery,
• -anliiiil Towiihhip: isBB.
>■.. 1.. Mo. 10 (ieorge .-mlth, lot on NW line of
tjnirun street, 100 KB o: >peno-r, NW 10'J by NX
U). M-lus. lot 20, block 22. tltchburg, Brooklyn
'lutnili $11/0.
- J..,,'- i<-»lng to Wpllr. Fargo & Co., lot on ' :
)lu* vl (Mutual avenue, 84:8 S ot Hal«bt atr»«i, £
38:4 by 8 125:6, belne the E 33:4 of lot 28, Haw
ley Tract, Alam«-tia; $10.
- John F. and Mxrgaret. yon Mueßge to Jeremiah
D. llvan, lo s 12 10 15, b ock 5, liny wards Park
Homestead, i.den Township: $ 10.
A. and • hristUn Bistorious to <'. L. Cre'lln,
blocK 25, town of Livermore. Murray Township;
$500.
HOT£L AEEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,
II Thorp, Pacramento J Kelly, N V
0 a iia.."y, .•.evailaUty A J noise, Spokane
X R Garrison, Denver W r Johnson, « t A sn,
J BH< >:. C.'l Washington, D C
J Bnrcbard, Wash T iiurphy. lir-*ntwood
J 3!attnews, -acto W liuninaotid.Brentwood
L J;o-ton, oakiunl W C t'oroe'-oy. Auburn
Miss Harden, L Angeles J A Williams. Boston
Mi ldell, Los •• 11 <-!ivt TB 11 AtKins, Chicago
F R Hayes, sal m i; t. H>« 1 jr. 1 a 1
J .mi trews Jr. -a . B:as Thos Kichards, Boston
■ . li Gr.c;;s. N.anford J D t, a -v. Mt-rceil
Kugene Aram. sicio w W Bedford, Cal
W CCaldt-r I'ortlund X S Va en. me. Fresno
Mrs >. E Usher, -tocktn X -M Ma asit- .t v, Napa
W oakes. ban I'edio R A Blair, Sacramento
G X Ke- nedy, hico GRI 1, pe;t lvtu:uma
A S J^ffs, Stanford J W Ualley, Staufoid
U C Kro-,1, Stanford <• de 'a 'list a. tj Bartara
s . i.au.h In & wf, (al W 1 Brush, Clover ia;e
Mrs M M Marbe, Mo HU Morse «fcwf, A lamed*
Miss M A Marb c, Mo W II Cooner, - laruara
IF More Jr, Kelmoot J C Fi-e's. Hollisler
.1 C Tice, Holls:er C X Lindsay. >>uihh Crtiz
(i .. Kustmun <& fy, Fla Mrs .1 Me Kenua & an,
G i- Mger, Hlverside Fisks .Milis
W F Peterson, Sa 10 a <; i.iani, kton
PALACE HOTKL. .
Anton Wedl, NY B F Kvans, R V
W R Moon, A* V illsses :.v;.us, N V
X A Brown A w, N V F E 1 ay.or it w. N V
G M Curtis, >' V 11 l' Peuraon, Stanford
J J Jone i, St Louis It J (.'.Neil, Stanford
A -M Cole, Nev Mis M B lirown. 111
A J Hammond, Fla J S Brown, 111
H C yiro, Los Ang 11 11 Brown, 111
G Lkz. Odessa H T Polndexler.^tanford
T kteCUntoclC, Pa G L reward. Stanford
Mrs a I'nrtridge, Minn J H Brlscoe. Stanford
J G I)av. l'oitlund G II I rancta, Stanfo d
J N Day, For. land W L McGnlre. -tanfjrd
H L Shannon, i. editing L \> iiltehead, N V
Mr<HLSiiii:iii nKeddng Mrs L Whitebead. N V
F Cornwison, Chicago Mr* W G X.»pnam. N V
II A t-enel, Stanford C J Rration. l'lil.a
V A Schneider, Stanford C S Jones, Phlla
BALDWIN HuTi-L.
O A Neale, San Rafael J Alcher and wife, Cal
W C UrmUtou, Los Ann L R Da vidsou . Heaver.Pa
1 W 11 White, Mehdocino C X Davis, Chicago
H A Hunter.' Castruvllle D Smltzer. San Jose
J X Walnams & wf. S 0 W B True & wf, > Jose
' P Ellsworth, San Jose OM 1 i,ii'i. A. wf. 1,1 j
Dr W \V Unisel <fc wf. Cal Dr A M Vail * a f. Cal
11 Martin, .<!■»• York \\ 11 Stewart. V:,cavlile
J M Hums. Vacavllie V. V l^ad, Buffalo
F B Wood, St Louis H Bio v. M Louis
J bhaw & wf, Chicago E M i-hafer, Chit-Ago
\i.W WESTERN HOTEL '
V Thompson. USX v Glenson. !-acto
Miss \V Bogard, Oaklnd J I' Dunrayen. Denver
T Ciwseil, bainallio J Dewire, A V
W J Ross. Los Angeles J Dillon, L-s Angeles
H Adams, Los Angeles W M Downey. Denver
« J Youngs, Seattle T Kelly. Victoria
D Leonard, Portland J Andrews. Chicago
Z V Peter«, Chicago C H Armstroug. Chicago
W Cummlu^s, N V 11 A Armstrong. bßafael
J 1 avis, Boston li Hale, Helena
D Han ley, Benirii J T Ward', Dewlston
1 1 ■
SAN FKANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai,!/—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Blgnt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Monfeomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
?S9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I ark In street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
1&06 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open till 9 o'clock.
X CHURCH NOTICES. '
B^g" SIMPSON MK3IOKIAL. METHODIST
«**-*' Episcopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
rts.— Kev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309 '
BalKht st. Preachi;i* at 11 a. m. and 7:3j p. m.
Morning sermon by K< v, E. B. Dille. DD. Eve
ing sermon by the pastor. bnhject: "The JLion '
and the Lamb" Sunday-scnooi at 12:30
P. M.. C. B. Perkins superintendent. Epworth j
Leasrup service at 6:80 p. m. The public cordially i
Invited to all the services of this church. Seals •
free. Uahers In attendance, Prayer-meeting ;
Wednesday evening at 7 :45 o'clock. 0
ft^s=" CKNIKAL -METHOD!-. T EPISCOPAL
l»-»^ Church, Missldn st., bet. 8 xth ana Sev-
enth— X. JR. Dille, past r: K. V. Watt Sunday-
school superintended ; J. J. Morns, muilcal di- i
rector: H. M. Bosworth, organist. Key. John ;
hens, pastor of Simpson Memorial Church, j
will jireacn at 11 a. v. in the evening th • pastor
will preach, subject: "Ideal Young Men and I .
Women " Suuday-s :hool at 1 p. m. Young Peo-
ple's meeting* at 6:30 p. it. Quarterly love f(-ait
and conference Wednesday evening, beats trie.
Everybody welcome.
IfCS 3 HO\VAKD->T. METHODIST EPISCO-
ftJS' pal Church, bet. s ■ cond and Third s:s., two
blocks from Pa:ace Hotel. Key. W. W. Case, D. D..
pastor: Mar: ln bchuliz, musical director, iioursof
pub services: 11 a. m. ana 7:45 p. M-: Su day-
school M 12:30: prayer meeting Wednesday even-
Ing, 7:45; Kpworth League. 6:-.5 Sundae evening.
Morning subject, "Why Are - lhey Then Baptized
lor the ■h<i?" Evening subject, "Is the Young
Man :-afe?" Pastor's residence, 140 Hawthorne
st , near the church. Telephone b ack 961.
R^S= TRINITY M. K. CHURCH, CORNER
I»~^ Sixteenth and Market sts.— Kev. i\ F.
Jewell, _ pastor. Services morning 11 o'clock,
evening at 7:30. iiev. William K. Blackstone.
the ia:m>uH missionary evangelist, will preahl
morning ami evening. Sunday-school 12:: p. M. : !
John 1) ar superintendent, seat* free, Pastor's '
residence. 3631 Sixteenth s..
prS" HOWAKD PKKSBVTKRIA.N CHCKCH, !
&~-* ? cor. Oak ana Baker sts.— Kev. F. R. Farraua.
pastor. Services at 1 1 a. m. and 7 -.46 p. m. Evening
subject: ••The Ideal Earthly Home." bring the
third and last in series on "The Hern • Sabbaih- '.
school at 9:30 a. si. Y. P. S. C. K. at 6:46
p. m. Prayer-meeting Wednesday evening at
7:45. AH cordially invited.
ft^S" FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
l**& cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento St.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.. pastor: Key. Kdwin Mall
Jeuks, co-pastor. Mr. Jenks will preach at 11
a. m. and 7:46 p. m Pun 'ay-school at 1"J:45
p. m.: Y. P. s. c. E. at tt:80 p. v. Pray meet-
ing Wednesday, st Hp. m. All nr- c <■■ m<»
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
p—^= KINO SOLOMON'S LODCJE NO. ■
*^* f 260, F. and A. M.- The officer* and ik
members ar.- Invited to meet a: the hall of If Jf
Mission Lodge .No. 169. K. and A. M.cor er/\^>
Valencia and Six nth st!«., at 1 o'clock p. if.,
1 U-DaV, to participate Id the laving of the corner-
stone of the Mission .Masonic Temple. i.y order
of the Master. HAi.llV BAEHR, Secretary.
Bt^= MISSION I.O DUE NO. 169, F. j»
w-J^ and A. M.— Officer* and members A
are hereby notified 10 meet nt l:.-,0 v. M.^3f
tO-DAY (Saturday), a: sixteenth and V»-rV>
lencla sts.. to i-anleinat? in the laying of the cor-
nerstone of the new Maeomc Hall of Mission
Lodge. By order of the W. M. .
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
»-~®= EXCELSIOR LODOK NO. 166. F. . ■
m*& and A. M.— The officers and mem- _J%
bers of Kxcelslor Lodge art- heieby notified V2f
to assemble SATDRI>AY, April 24, at 1 /^
o'clock p. it... to participate in .he laying of the
com-r-sione of the new Masonic Hall of Mission
.Lodge, ay order of the W. M.
.. ■IHE). 1:. SMITH. Pecretary.
(r-~^»CO»lK TO O!>LDKN GATE s&ia^y
I*--*' Encampment No. 1. 1. O. O. F., ->!*^Cfe-
Tills (-All KDAV) EVENING, O. =S<^^
F. building. K. P. degree on four can- ''wif^"~
didates and a good time.
. WM. E. DUBOIS, Acting C. P.
Bpip EXCELSIOR DEGREE ■>y"Uffl'-~h.
l* & Lo(t K i. No. 2, 1.0 O. F.— Regu- mr 3JQ&
lar meeting Tills KVENINO. First -^>-"SS^^T
degree will be conferred. sv/lftv^
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
CS 1 THKY.fEI.L ALL KINDS OK DRY
»-»' Eoodi, hosiery, underwear, bedspreads,
towels, table-covers, laces, embroidery, ll nines,
trimmings, veiling*, etc., very cheap at Pioneer
Dry-goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
S^yS* THE PACIFIC HEBREW OHPHAN
* i *' Asylum and Home H^cie y hereby give
notice tint they have admitted I to the orphanage
from January 1, 1897, to date, th"> following half-
orphan girls and boys. viz. : David Joseph, aged
10 years- 10 months ; Robert Joseph, aged 8 years
6 months; Milton Jurescti, aged S years; Dottle
Mayer, aged 10 years: Eva H. Marks, aged 3
years William Silverman, aged 13 years: David
Silverman, a«ed 11 years; Joseph Silverman, aged
8 years; Albert Silverman. aged 4 years 6 montns:
Arthur Deutch, aged 10 years; lUlph Deulch,
aked 8 years.
Pi? BAD TENANTS EJKCTKD FOR f4:
■f-"-' collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection to. 415 Mwi!>t «-., room 6: tel. 6680.
SITUATIONS WAKTEU-KEMALE.
SUPERIOR FIRST-CLASS PROTESTANT
cook, with the best of r. lerences from one of
cur best families In city, is desirous of securing a
situation loan American family. Can b« secured
by applying to J. 1 . CROSr.TT & CO.. 31», suiter.
STRONG CAPABLE GERMAN HOfSKWORK
girl desires situation; good cook; 2V& years In
last place: city or country. MISS CULLEN. 323
Sutler. .
CWEDISH HOUSEGIKL; GOOD COOK AND
* . laundress: best ot reference; city or country
»20. -MRS. NORTON. 814 Butter. Wl
COM P t T K XT AM' TRUSTWORTHY YOUNG
V lady, with practical, experience, desires p >sl-
tio : to do office work; understands bookkeeping
stenography, typewriting: owns machine: also
understands different branches of Insurance; in-
auranre • office preferred. Call or address E. L,
708 bhotweii st , >an Francisco.
WIDOW FROM COUNTRY WISHES A POSl-
.'"» tlon as housekeeper for widower or bachelor*
will do me' dlnir. Call after 12, 120 Ellis St.. room
17, second floor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1897.
FTTCATIOXS lrn-mrn r—umm.
SITUATION WANTED BY AN AMERICAN
widow, '36: intelligent and refl ed; good
housekeeper, seumstress uu,l accountant: wishes
to obtain honorable employment. R. a., box 98,
Call.
AMIABLE AND ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG
French widow desires permanent position as
housekeeper in ho.el, Da hKor's or widower's
home; no objection to country. 1 . 'J, jiii-.ry.
T^IRsT-CLA^S SOI'.BE FOR CONFi .>■ NT
i- or other sicknets de.-<ir>-s t-ngasement: best city
references; terms moderate. Call Nurse, 115
Seventh su, room 1.
. SPECTABLK WOMAN WISHKB POsl-
tlon aahouiiekeeDer in ho.el or lodging- house:
will do chamberwor& ; best city reference. 328
Jessie st.
SITUATION WANT.-.1. BY MARRIED COU-
ple; wife ri-n do houspnork and coos-Ing; man
knows all abou h->rses cows, -ai-deii, etc.; city or
conn:ry. A .dress A. G., box 89. Call.
EASTERN WIDOW, LA IK OF FIFTH i>T.,
desires position as housekeeper. *09 Kddy St.,
room 12. .
SWEDISH WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO DO
O washing or housecleaning by the day. 'I. us
Twenty-third st.
ijkspkctablk woman wishes TO do
AY 11 hi w».rk nr sewing in exchange for nice
room. a. L., box 69. c an.
WANTED- BY COMPK 1 ENT SKA.M TRi 8-,
'» family sewing and children's clothes. Ad-
oress M.i(.a. 8., box 15^;, <;aiL
VOCNU LADY WI-HhS PO-IIION AS COM-
X Kanion: fond of children; wou.d travel. B. R.,
box 61, Call.
SWEDISH GIRL WISHES To DO fcEWINO
and second work In private family. K. 8., box
Jv, Cai i.
■\r-OUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X limn -worn.. Aduress 27 Laiidge it., between
Valencia and i.uerrero
EASTKKN YOUNG LaDY, ACCOMPLI-HKD
an : experienced, wi>uts it place as houst- keeper
in bachelor's or widower's home. Room -, 223
Post til.
on cation WANTED BY a YOUNG oirl
Oto assist and mind baby. Address, by letter,
108 Townseud st , upituir,.
YOUKO L DV DKbIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 121 Montgomery st. room 8.
W.man wan is to take cake of
»» children and do light upstairs work. 2633
Post sc
youso, .'ITRACTIVK widow would
X li»« asltu»t!on as h,-< s -ki»-|ie : city or coun-
try, Apply 138 Fourth si., room 4. •
rpKUSTWORTKY WOMAN woulu LIKE a
X place: light housework; city or country: a
home more of a.i olject than big wages. 737
Howard st., room 16.
KKFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES PO-I-
tion ai a companion; best of references. Call
1111 cutter st.
pOnD HRKS&MAKKR AND SKAJISTBCBS:
' ' sews 60c a day or $2 50 a week. M. M., box
94. Cail Oflice.
PANISH LADY WltHKs POSITION AS
working housekeeper or chambermaid. Call
at 11U4A Clay .1:.
SITUATION TO Do HOUSEWORK OR
O mine; or attend doctoi's t.llicc; too;*,. Ap-
ply lOOBV3 Leavt-nworih st.
U' ANTED— M • Cation as HOUSKKIiEP.
' • er. 5x5 Kearny s., room 3.
yOU.VO LADY DESIRES A POSITION AS
X nur-ve to an invalid, helpless person or an iu-
iaul. Address 2805 Sixteenth St.. cor. Folsom.
yOU.VO FKJENCH IRL WANTS PLACE TO
Xdo light U'.stain worK; tlrst-class reference
given. Address P. M., box 100, 1 all OQice.
yOUXG LADY OF GOOD APPKARANCE
X desires i>osition in dry-goods store. Kpeakitig
g.iod French: no objection to small wages. Ad-
dress A. M., box 106, 1 a 1 ofllce.
VOUXIi ..ND /ATTRACTIVE EASTERN
X lady desires permaoent place In bachelor's or
»ii.ower's home a* Lousekejper; no objection to
children. 213 Pust si., ruom 11, second tloor.
ACCOMPLISHED AND RKFINED YOUNG
"*»- lady (French) desires a housekeeper's place,
or will be companion. 12* Post st., room 2.
"ANTED— BY A GOOD, STEADY WOMAN
work diioji and .aundresa; city preferred.
lOCS Market si.
"VroU^G (JEP.MAN GIRL WISHES SITD.A-
X tlon to do light housework Call or uddress
119 Albion -vt- , bet. sixteenth and sevt-nteenib.
TVTEAT COLORED GIRL WISHES POSITION
I* as nur^eglrl In private family. Address C. 0.,
box 65, ( a 1 > Ql.e, RK2H
GOOD GJ- KJIAV GIRL WIRES PLACE AS
VJ si am-tr- .- or vi s airs work: gond nurse; best
of referenc-s: sleep home. l'J2 Grove si., bet. Van
Ness and Pol lower floor.
SW COX. SIXTKIiNTH .-1, NEAU MIS
slon: branch ottlce of 1a f ' "ii bnb-
icriptlons and want aus taken.
XPKKIKNCKD HOU.sEKEKPKR WOULD
like |io-i,i .11 In widower's or batb^ior't house-
l.old; country preferred. Apply 88 Ninth at.,
room 17; call after 11 a. II
yuU.VG WIDOW WITH SEVERAL YftARS 1
X experience desires place as housekeeper in
hotel, bacbe or's or widower's home; no objection
to country. Room 1, 223 Pos st.
Siiuations wanted by swkdish ano
k German girls: MWtnc, u.s-airs work or sen-
eral housework; references- 513 Ninth st., Oak-
land.
\, IDOW L..SSIKKS P J-ITION AS HOUsK-
*» keeper: will do piain'se wing at home. Call
821 Mission st.. room 6.
VOU.NG WIDOW Dlr-IRKB P.^llluS AS
X housekeeper. Call I'^Oa Kdoy st., room 7.
\\riDOW FROM NEW YOltK WANTS A PER-
'» maiient position as typewriter. 157 Seventh
St., room lv. second floor.
SUPKKIOR SWEDISH LAUNDBESS AND
O chambermaid desires situation; reiercuctts;
city or louutiy. 3-3 Suiter.
yoUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper, or will do j.laiu sewing. 821
Mission fit., room 5.
•OESPECTABL-K GEKMAN MIDDLK-AGED
-It man and wife wish positions in boat ding-
bouse: wife cood cork; man touucho.e*. Apply
tnts office or 130 Second sL
yoUNO Parisian LADY IN RKDUCKD
X circumstances desires a lucrative position as
housekeeper In hotel, widower's or bachelor's
home: will do pliln sewing. 1122 Marset, tm. 31.
■\roUNG LADY (HARIMAN) DESIRES A
X housekeeper's place: pood disposition: prefers
lodging-house, widower's or bachelor's home; city
or country. Rooms 10 and 11, 122 Post su
ft] C LA RKIN— BRANCH OFFICE oF THE
\JIiJ CALL, >ui;scrlpiions aud want ads taken.
SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day washing, ironing, cleaning. e:c. Address
418 Day si.. near Noe
GEHMAN GIRL; GOOD COOK AND HOU-E-
-\J keeper. Call or jidJress 1b23y a Turk su
V COMPKTKNT SCOTCH GIRL, SKCOND
work and sewing or waiting: wages $26- city
reference; hours 210 5. 77J Bryant, near Sixth.
yoONO NORWEGIAN GIRL WISHES NICE
X Christian home to work; must be Protestant.
137 I 11 som st.
ANTED— SITUATION AS HOUSEKKEPER
TT inciir or country, or position as steward
on a neep-water vessel. Apply 109 Giant aye..
room 12.
/•I C LAKKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UI CaLL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
WFDISH .WOMAN WANTS IO GET SOME
washing and cleaning by the dar : no objection
to city or coun.ry. Call at 6 Treat aye., near
Thirieentn st.
TIT ANTED— CATION* TO DO GENERAL
TT housework In Oakland. Call or address 964
Cypress St.. Oakland.
OOUOIKL, 14 YEA OLD, WANTS PLACE
VJ . in family ,0 work or attend children. V. D..
box 13, Call Office.
yuUXG GERMAN WIDOW WISHES CLACK
X as housekeeper in widower's household. R. 1,
106 Fourtn st.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
CRT It BUB & J.M'ANKSE; KST'D 90 YKA rtS;
help:tel.main 1997. BRA I>LEY <t C 0. .640 clay
HUNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment omce, removed to til4Va Califor-
nia St.. near Kearny. 'lei. main 231.
Chines;-, AND Japanese employment
office: best help. 414% O'Farrell. Tel. E. 420.
TAPANJIBK, CHINKBEKMPLOYMTOFFICK:
O wallers, hou:>ecleaners. 30 Geary; teL red 143.
SAM KKE— CHIN AND JaPENKSK EM-
ployment omce. oil 1.4 Busbst., nr. Grant aye.
JAPANESE l.\Ti-.liLlGr..VUii AGENCY, tt.,
90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy sU: tel ;. am 5234.
"VroUNG. SUBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN
X wants situation in private place, orchard or
vineyard: understands the rare of horses and
cows: Is a good driver and handy with tools; refer-
ences. B. A box t>B, Call Otlice.
BUTLKR. ENGLISH. DESIRiS SITUATION;
XJ thoroughly experienced: good vale ; excellent
city references, a. SPRING, 7.9 California st,
JAPANESE, HONJST BOY. WANTS A SlTU-
•ition to do cooking ana housework in the city.
Address K. V., 5491/4 Minna su
fil^» LA KKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"■!■« CAJLJU Sabacxlpuons and want ada taken.
*ITtJATTONS v WA>'TKI>-CoTitlfin«»<l.
"VTOUNG MASSEUR AND MKDICAL GYM-
X nust, speaks several la iguages, wishes a p a c
to a tend invalid, travel or sumuier r»-soru Ad-
dress Y. A., box 10, all.
STRONG, RELIABLE JAPANESE MAN,
willing to worK, wishes good place in nice
f-'.rn .• to do general housework and cook. App.y
350 Jessie st.
{JTRONO GERMAN BOY, IB YEARS, WILL-
kj ingtoworic, wishes a iim.lon in a wnolisa c
house or store. Address 2319 Masou st.
"\\ r AN ED— POSITION AS DRAUGHTSMAN
'» in architect's office: salary no object; good ref-
er^nc s. Addtes3 H. C, box 10, CalL
GARDKNER, COMPETENT IN -EVERY
VJ branch of gardening, carpet-bedding, green-
houses, flower an I vegetable growing, wlsn-s situ-
ation : private p ace preferred; city orcounir •; ref-
ertnees. Address Gurdener, box 00, Ca I 1 fflce.
RELIABLE MAN DE>IRE!S A POSITION AS
jani or or work of any kind: in a csrefnl driver:
understands painting: can bang paner: also clean
w:.U p .per or fresco work. Address 11. M., box 19,
Call OtUce.
Wa^teu-bii A fihst-class barber,
*» position In city or country; country pre-
ferred, call or address 15 Kissling St.. bet. Elev-
enth and Twelfth, Howard and FoUom.
O ÜB.^CKIPTIONf- AND >V AN 1 AD.-> FOR THB
O Call taken at bruncu uUico, i>M liu>d »v;
open until »>:3( u-clo-.k
A! LE-Ri>DIED MAN, 22, W.i.MS WORK;
■£+- city or country: good milker: can drive and
care for horses; aso all other general work. H.
A., box 41, call Office.
EXPERIENCED MAN WITH WIFE WISH
XJ position In hotel: man as barkeep»r and wife as
chambermaid, country preferred. A. W., box 86,
Call « fflce.
■V"OUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION ON PRI-
X vale [1 ace; thoroushly understauds care of
horses, cows and garden; references. A. C., box
93, call.
Fir^t-class carriage and WAGON
backsmlth; also horseshoeing. 191 Shipley.
VOUKO GERMAN WAITER, WITH EXPE-
X rience. wish* position In ) otel or restauraui;
wagei 430. Address A. W"., 1105 Stevenson st.
I' A C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"xcJ CALL, trubscnptlons and want ads taken.
THAN AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEO-
-i'« pie, private place; man understands care of
cattle, nurses and grounds, general work: wife
competent housekeeper, cook or second work; city
or country. Address J., box 54, Call office, .
VlnsT-CLA^S TAIL CANDY-MAKER
X wan employment; city or country. Address
O. R., -J.\ Pond su
MAN AND WIFE WANT ANY KIND OF
work; city or country. l42Townseud,lnrear.
I. ' i X LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THB
v/i v CALL: vubscrintious an ; want ad« taken.
I,'IW ROOMS TO CARE FOR BY RELIABLE
-1 party. Address li. 11.. box 109, Call office.
Ty ANTED— SITUATION AS MINE FORE-
TT man by a practical miner, wlih best of refer-
| ences. ..d-re.-o Miner, cox 6'J, Call Office.
KGANI;>T AND CHOIRMASTEit WANTS 1
a position; thoroughly competent and experi-
enced. 610 I- an ell si.
BRANCH OFFICE or TUX CALL, 167 NINTH
XJ at, — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
Japanese (very young BOY) WANTS
O situation as schoolboy : wages no object. Ad-
dress T. ts., box 16 His office.
,;«y7 MONTOOMuiRY COtiNER OK CLAY—
0~. • Open untl 9:30 o clock; branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want. ads. taken.
ANTKD-BY A YOUNG MAN A POSI-
TT llcn as porter and shipping clerk; has had
6 Vi years' experience in last place. Address Por-
ter, box 65, Call Office
GERMAN WISHES SITUATION: UNDER-
VT stands care of borses. gardening, etc ; handy
man around me place; good references. H., box
79, Call Office.
"WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
TT Market: 200 room* V6c to «1 50 per night;
$1 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
lree bin and !a car« to nn^i from tte K-rry.
I'KMALE BCEIiF WAXTKD.
pIKL, LIVERMORE. CAL., $15: SECOND
' J girl. Van Ness aye., $20: Bin, family 3. Cali-
fornia St.. $15: gin, Fulton St., $17; gin. BroJeri.-k
St., $16: girl, Howard st , $15; Kirl, Pacific aye.,
»-0: cirl, Harrison s:., $15; girl to learn dress-
making: uir.. Taylor BU. no baking. $15: girl.
Broadway, »S0: gir., Nlles. C«l., *20: clrl. Gllroy,
al., $15; clrl, fc<ott si. $20; girl, Go den Gate
aye., $16: girl, OaKlano. Cal.. $20: girl. O'Farrell
st. $15; 1-- young girls. $8. $10 aud $12 per
month. MAR IIN <fc o, 7-19 Market st.
3WAITItI>SEIS, COUNTRY HOTE., $20
and room: 2 chambermaids, $-0 and room,
wait some: chambermaid. $(•2, room, etc: 3 lunch
waitresses; waitress, sin .1. p. ace. $3 50 a week;
bead waitress, resort hotel, $30 and room: 2
waitresses, no Sunday: cbamuermald and wait
some, country, $15, room, etc. MARTIN A CO.,
749 Market xt. \
GIRLS FOR BOX FACTORY: ExPEßl-
\f enced. MARTIN A Co., 749 Market.
GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL; $20. MAR-
VJT TIN CO., 749 Market st.
KCOND GIRL. $25; CALL EARLY. MAR-
TIN A CO., 749 Market sL
WAITRESS. HOTEL. CITY, $20; HEAD
»' w..ltr.-Bs. »35: 3 waitresses, restaurants, $5:
French lady's maid, $.-0: woman for ranch, $20;
3 clrls, housework, country, $16: French second
girl, near city. $15; Ironer, steam laundry. $35;
German housekeeper, country. sls; 6 girls, house-
work, city, f.'O: 2 girls, housework, Oakland, «15
and flO: 8 Bins, housework, city, to assist, $15.
C. R. HANBEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
I ADY CLERK FOR THIS OFFICE; ONE
-*J who speaks some language besides »-nslish
and has woikea in employment office before pre-
ferred. C. R. AN SEN it ta. 110 Geary si.
GIRL AS CASHII-.R AND WAIT SOME, $20;
small country hotel. MiSts CULLEN, 323
Sutter.
COOK. *35: SECOND UIKU $25; NURSE, $25.
MI&S CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
O NEAT WAITRESSES, $15 EACH. MISS
±- CULLKN, 323 .-suiter.
PKFINED GERMAN 81.COND GIRL, 920.
X\> MISS CL'LLEN, 3 3 Suttee
WOMAN TOJCOQK AT THE MINES, 525
'» and $30 vrifl lounrK woman for general work
on ranch, $15, and otmrt at MURRAY & REA-
DY'S, Leadlug Employment Agents, 634 and 636
Clay st.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
cooking. 915 Myrtle St., bet. Tenth ad
Twelfth, Market-st. station, Oakland.
WANTED— GIRL FOR GENKRAL HOUSE-
" work: no washing- must be neat and willing;
family of 2. Apply 217 Third aye.
\\r ANTED — A SCHOOLGIRL FOR LIGHT
tt housework from 4io?ml C«»il before 12
o'clock 123 a san Jo*e aye. -
pIRL rOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
VJ washing: 4ln family; $20. 1705 na< sU
LADi' FOR LIGHT OFFICE WOKK; STATE
age aid wa ges. M. box 21. this office,
OPERATORS ON CENTS' WHITB SHIRTS.
ROGEHSOVS. 521 Valencia st ..
WAITRESS; $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny su
WANTED— A YOUNG GIRL TO WAIT ON
the table. 406 McAllister sU
"WANTED- YOUNG' AMERICAN GIRL TO
" assist in housework In a small family; oppor-
tunity for a respectable young lady accustomed to
household duties to obtain a pleasant home: small
wages; references; omy those desiring a perma-
nent place need apply. Address P. o. box 84. can
Rafael, Cat
ANTED— FIRST-CLASS SLEEVEMAKER.
" 126 Kearny, room 29.
1 MAKKr.I' bT.— BRANCH OFFICE OK Xilit
1 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
"YOUNG LADY OF GOOD APPEARANCE.
X Hypnotic institute, 1346 Market st.
£•"1 X LARKIN — BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
VX.O Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
1 / Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
L INISUERS ON CUSTOM COATS; STEADY
X work; goo.i wages. 106 Battery at. .
IpißsT-CLASS TAILORESS. BOWUAY. 604
Suiter su
(?1X LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UI V Call. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
BUST AND QUICKEST PLACE ON EARTH
to learn dressmaking and millinery; patterns
25c; rail and see our mammoth instl.ntion.
MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post SU
SF. DRESS-CUTTING BCHO'L— FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 64.
MOtST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
i*l Winchester Hous*. 44 Third su. near Market;
LOJ rooms: 25c to $1 6j per night; $1 60 to $i
l'" week: ire- 'bn-< all .l i.»rgag» to and irom ferry. ■
MALE H1.1,1- WANTED.
pASTRY COOK AND BAKER, COUNTRY
x -hotel. $40; cook and wife for small restaurant.
$35; man to m.«K- tamales,s2s: laundryman and
wife, country, 50: iron»r on |Tyler machine, $35;
washer, country, $'<!5: pantryman, hotel ■ $211;
laundryman for an Institution, $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN A CO., Ueary si.
■TTT ANTED— •> HOTEL- ROOM CLERKS; 1 HO-
. »' tel bookkeeper and clerk, must have been in
first-class Ca. Honda hotel. Apply to C. K. HAN-
&EN A CO., 110 Geary.
/'r-T.-p" .WAXTKD-CiintfTm.v».
lA BLACKSMITHS, CITY AND COUNTRY,
I shops and camps, $2 50 a day. $46 and f nod;
blacksmith helper, who ca ■ tack ou shoes. $1 60
day, see boss here: 2 blacksmlthi, business to
tun on shares; assistant blucksniith, $10 and
found. MUiUiAY <t ADY, Leading Employ-
m»n. Agents, 634 and «c« Cay st.
CHI.K^EMaKER, $35 AND FOUND. COUN-
try: & milkers. $90 and found; 15 laborers and
teamster-, tin- work; 10 wooochoppern, $1 10 a
cord 20quarr/meu. $175 a day. .MURRAY A
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
»_m FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
OV/ h r!ds,*^s, $J0 and $15 and fou:d: 3 chore-
boys for ranches, $8 and $10: sheepshearer. m U X-
R"v v A 1 ka DV, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay «v
A COOK-, $35 $40 A Mi $50: 3 WAITKRB, $25
T an I $20; ranch cook, $15: 2 Japanese coo
2 dishwashers. JIUkRaY A R; aDV, Leading
Employment Agents, 631 aud 636 Clay St.; tele-
phone 5848 Main.
<m MORE M N TO DRIVE 1 AND 2 I?O!:»K
—V/ teams lor a lar<e bunking company: $20 and
found; steady job. tall early, MURRAY &
READY, 634 acd 636 Clay st. '
WHEELWRIGHT AND WOODWORKER,
jT $2 50 day, see boss h-re. country snop M UR»
Jo Alt * RF.ADY, Leading j-.mpioywent Agents,
634 and 636 Clay sL * "
GROCKRYCLERK FOR A COUNTRY STORE,
$40. s ee boss here, call early: boy fir a city
■'*"*• * 3 week. J.URR.ii A READ iT, 634 and
636 Clay su
-J GERMAN OR FRENCH Ql ARIZ MIN-
e rs, $2 76 a day. c. R. HAN&EN A CO., 110
Geary.
2 SCANDINAVIAN QUAHTZ MINERS, $2 75
*- a day. c R. H ANsi-j V A CO., 110 Geary.
2SHAMPOOEHS FOR A TURKISH BATH. C.
K. HANsEN A Co.. 110 Geary st.
DISHWASHER FOR SPRINGS; $20; FARE
advanced. C. R. HAN SEN A CO., 116 Geary.
COOK, OiTY, $25 AND ROOM; WAITER, $46:
Inn h-counter man, s c party 3 p. m.; second
cook, $30 and room: cook' 4 helper. $7 a week;
waiter, city, 525 and room. MARTIN A CO.. 749
Market st.
O SMALL BELL-BOYS: BOY TO WASH
••-dishes; waiter. $6 a week. MARTIN A CC,
749 MarKet st.
CARRIAGE BLACKSMITH. COUNTRY
shop. Martin a CO., 749 Market st.
I APANESE; CLEANING, ETC MARTIN A
0 Co., 749 Market st.
TJANCHHAND, $15] MARTIN A CO., 749
XV Market st.
WANTED— OFFICE-BOY, CITY, $2 30 A
tt week; errand and chore boy, $7 and found:
2 pain cprpemers: choreboy for ian<h, $15 and
found: miUer a d clioreman, $-j6; woodchoppers,
shingle-bolt makers, laborer*, teamsters and
others. A| ply to J. F. CUOSETT A CO., 628
tacramento st.
"I\r ANTED— 2 BELLBOYS, FAMILY HOTEL.
TT $10 and found: c ok,, waiters, disbwa>h>rs
and others. Apply to J. F. CROStTT ACO , 628
Sacramento si.
PORTER, $18; PORTER WHO UNDER-
X stands waiting, cou.iliy. $22 . 0: dishwasher.
$20. HOTEL GaZET IK, 420 Kearny.
1 OY TO WAIT AT TABLK, $16 PER MONTH.
Xi Miss CULLKN, 323 Mutter su
ANTJ-.D— 2 OR 3 EXPERIENCED TABLB
tt waiters, for lunch only, -.rom li to 2, at mod-
erate pay. Audress Lunch, Call Office.
pOATMAKERS WANTED. APPLY AT 11
v A. M. at Stevenion-.^t entrance to CHARLES
LYONS', London Tailor, 7-1 Market st.
\ DVERTISING SOLICITOR FOR TRADE
■" Journal; stale references and salary. C, box
65, this office. '
"WANTED— EXPERIENCED PKESSERB
TT and finishers in terra ootia. Apply Clark's
Pottery, Aian eda.
DRIG CLERK; RELIEF: GRADUATE:
references, age, etc Addr.ss Chemist, box
26, CalL
WANTED— HAT SALESMAN OF tXPEßi-
ence. RAPHAEL'S
TWO GOOD BUS HELM EN WANTED AT
1 RAPHAEL'S, 9 Kearn su
GO.'D BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND
Sunday. "J.O Montgomery aye.
BARBER WANTED; STEADY WORK; POR-
X> tugu. preferred. 327 Third st.
BARUER FOR SATURDAY. CaLl 759%
i-» Howard st. •
I4ARBER WANTED FOR SATURDAY. 627
I ' Sacramento st.
ARBEU FOR SATURDAY. 32 THIRD
street.
BARBERS; 3-CHAIR SHOP AND BATHS;
must sell: on account 01 &lckue>s- 10t> EIII3.
GOOD BARKER WANTED AT 630 FOURTH
st.; call early.
GOOD BA BER WANTED; SATURDAY
night and Sunday. 307 it Sixth st.
BARBKR WANTED; SATURDAY EVEN,
lug. 70-' Bran nan st.
ARBER WANTED FOX 3 HOURS AT UR-
day evening: good wages. 16C1 Mission su
Barber wanted for Saturday: good
J> wage*. 127% Fourth st. .• •
Go. >D BARIIEK: $3 FOX SATURDAY. 203
Montgomery aye. %
pOATM A KKR FOR COUNTRY. APPLY
\J REI.-S BROS., iB cutter su
Ay A I 1 E R WAN TED AT 613 CLAY ST.
KDINAKY AND r-EAM EN FOR A TRIP JO
Alaska and south seas: no experience neces-
sary. HERMAN, 637 Clay st,
Ij'IRST-CLASS TAILORS ON L.VDIFS 1 CLOTH
X coats and suits: apply Immediately. H.
LIKJSKS A to., 13J-135 Pos st.
ANTED— 3 STEADY MEN FoR COUNTRY
" positions; must have $0 expense money. 777
Market s .
ANTED— AMATEUR JUGGLERS, TUM-
biers. contortionists, comodUus, eta, for va-
riety company going on tne road: also mailing
advance agent. C. R-, box 95, Call Office
p E. a— MOTHER SICK. V|RIXJC. 7
AKBths-ruR EMPLOYMENI CALL SEti
P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FLcHs, 825 Grant aye.
JUURN&V BAKi.hiwV k. ii PLO V 2I i'
secretary .H. iIKKNAKU 109 i-rTeutn su
Cj ~f\ BARBER-SHOP: MUST SELL ToT
<I? '"• day; 2 revolving chairs and fixtures.
241 Third su
ARBERS— GOOD 15-CENT SHOP: MUST
X> sell. 1944 Market, near Gough.
TV" ANTED— TO SEE THE SCOTCHMAN OR
TT Irishman that can beat me pitching quoits at
Thompson's place, terminus l'ouell-st. cabie-cars.
ALEX. BUUNs.
OOQIIAVKS cT.— BRANCH OFFICB OF
• »•>•' lm call, subscription* ana warn tula
taken. ■ '
GOOD BU»HELMAN WANTED; ONE WHO
can make coats also. TIL E. KENT, 697
Mission st.
JVIRST-CLaSS TAILORS TO WORK ON
X ladies' coats. BOWH AY, 504 Suiters:.
f??\*>l" MJNSTIUN — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
Z.*jL\> want ads taken for THK CALL.
SEAMEN ON COALIVO VESSELS AND HON-
-0 olulu and Mexico. 904 Kearny st., upstairs.
MAN AH PARTNER IN CIGAR FACTORY
and store; help wanted; but small capital re-
quired: go^d business and a bargain. 20.! McAl-
lister su
OO(| HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
OiJO Call: tubscrinUons and want ads taken.
LMII-T-CLAS-. BARBKRS FURNISHED BY
r International Union Free Employment Bureau,
34 Fourth St., the Modern. 1. Lass, tecretary.
OCOi' MISSION. ST.— BRANCH OFFICB OF
_«)— O 'I'JUt Call; MlbscripUoas ana want ads
taken. .
ADIKB' SOLING, 35c; MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
fine shoes made $2 up. 662 Mission st.
9f )OO PAIR." ANOTHER LOT MX N'S SHOES,
Z*\J\J\J been damaged by water, a less than one-
fourth their value, from 75c* up to $2 60. 662
Mission st., bet. First aud >e<.ond.
\\T ANTE U— MEN TO LEA BARBER
'» trade: 3 shops, tools, positions • furnished: 8
weeks required, S. F. Barber College, ISBV^ Eighth,
ELCHO HOO-1. bc'3l/i MAKKETsr.—
20c. 2&c to 60c iii.."i. $1 10 $2 wee*.
-9/7 alONi«ioMii«.V ST., BRANCH OFFICK
'>~i iUM*t»iJ.. . «au>, ada aaa subscription*
taken. .Jjjjagjg
THE ROSED ALE 321 KLLI«- CHEAPEST
' X and best lodging-bouse north of Market at.
W'ANTj.D— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Kolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still rom Denver House, 217 Third at.; Hit
large rooms; ■ 260 per night; $1 to $3 per. week. -
Ebimo.> W ANTS lyo M . . '1 xj ' uK T ' BO X-
. tie beer or winu 6c. o«-st lree lunch. 643 C1a/
1f47 NINTH" Sl'. — BRANCH OFFICE OP
JLU I Tim call; subacripaou ana want ad*
taken. . .
BIWr IN CITY— SINGLE P.OoMS, 1.,. 20 A\O
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25. $1 60 per wee*
facing House, Commercial and JLeUesOorff mm.
HELP WANTEP-Conftnni'd.
IA/I MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 100, 150
I\J\J and -20c a rdgnu Including coffu* ana rotU
t24 Washington ru. near Kearn>*.
SINGLE ROOMS 10c AND 16c NIGHT. 60c
and 75c week. Lindell House. Sixth andUowad.
CV. COR. SIXTI E-N I H ST., NEAR MISSION:
O branch office uf Tun Call (subscriptions and
want ads taken.
\\ A XTBD.TOCOLLKCr DCE LABOR-
** ers^cierks KNOX Collection Aycr. 110 cutter.
'j':.i ACilit H.ut>a<v 5... .U.U.HM 1 .-;, .'i-
J. lo»v fcixtn. lor a rooci: ". j. «. nlgut; *l »WMi
ROOMS. 150 TO 75c fKR NIGHT; 500 TO $1 60
J-V Per wee*. Orlen;al, 225 lirumm au
ANT AD3 AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'» Thk Call, are taken at Branch Office aoatit-
west corner Sixteenth ana Mlssloa ata.
\\' ANTED— SINiiLk. ROOMS. 15c A DAY; SL
" week; rooms for 2. Siso a day. $1 6U » HMk,
reading-room: daily papers £6 Clay su
\V J CH «o l'aa, 44 • 11 1 RL> ST.. N X.
»» MarceL: 200 loorut. 25c a night: reading-
room: irt?e imynn.-l tja ■■»?• :.> «nfl from thfierrr
AGENTS WANTED.
LADIES TO IJA -DLX T.-iK FAMOUS BKAU-
XJ liiiers. Eg ptlan Enamel, .Medicated Cera c.
BUi :.. It, 131 Post st.
—
1!OAKD1.V(» WANTED.
KOOM AND BOARD WANTED FOR LADY
and 2 child en, 3 and 5. Address 8 Essex
Rincon HilL
WANT£D-MISC£LLAN£OUs.
pAS ENGINE FOR SALE; BARGAIN. CALL
VJT or address 620 Bryant su
LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. w!
MUND, watchmaker and jeweler, '226 cilia at.
UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, BASHKSL
XJ doors, mantels, eta, for sale. lltitj Mission ■,
ELL lOLK HOOKS, CLOi .li. \>t A.\u Jr.vV-
U Hry 10 A. KLKIN, 109 Sixui »i. : m-iiJ postal.
I.o|h;im,.|husks FOR BALE.
99 ROOMS, SUNNY CORNER, CLEARING
*-£' $100 $1,600
17-room house, clearing $80 per month. 750
10-room house, renton.y $40 250
2'-ro m boarding house, (350 cash 900
22 rooms, fine corner 660
10 rooms, sunny corner, coat $800, price.... 350
14 roomaon Sutter »60
7-room house, only 260
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market au, Opp. Fifth.
I C ROOMS, SUNNY CORNER, $760.
1O 20 rooms, pays $75, fine, 912*i0.
\ i.'3 rooms, just newly furnished, $1000.
24 rooms, bargain; make offer; $600.
44 rooms; guaranteed profit $I*s; $1500.
83 rooms; 16 baths: elegant: part cash.
100 rooms; rent $5250: new: modern.
WINSTON & THOMAS. 646 Market at.
SICKNESS COMPKLS PARTY TO SELL
0 newly furnished house of *3 rooms at a sacri-
fice. WINSTON & TliOll AS, 648 Market aU
SB 7 £*( I HOUSE OF 26 ROOMS; BEST LOCA-
•IP 1 U\J. tlon on Mark t st. : a rare bargain;
owner la leaving for Europe. WILKK, 783 Market.
ELL-PA YINU LODGING- WITH
" 18 rooms: all rented: full investigation al-
lowed: 1.0 amenta. Inquire 120 Fourth st.
01 ROOM WELL-PAYING LODGING-HOUSK
•-> I on Market au, opposite Seventh; mint sell;
no l.uiubue; low reuu Apply room 68, 1170 Mar-
ket su
T ODGING-HOUSE, 33 ROOMS, FOR SALE
XJ cheap; rent $50. 739 Fo som st.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE— THE NEW
WalJo lodg.ng-bOD<e, the best paying lodging-
ho 1 se in the city, running lull steadily, is for sale,
as the present propr.etor wishes to retire lrom
Duslne-s. having real zed enough money to live on;
no price set: an offer wanted. Apply on premises,
705 Mission st., from 12 to 3p, M. ; no agents.
GEKM BOARDING-HOUSE WITH BAR
and 33 rooms: all in best condition; well filled
with steady boarders: is on a count of sickness;
given away for any price. Please address A, X..
box 34. CalL .
« vVEcKS NEWS FOR & CENTS— Th«
-r\ WEEKLY CALL. la wranoer. for mailing.
FUKNITUKK FOB SALE.
ENTIHE STOCK T. H. NKXJ9ON, DECEASED,
XJ now being aacrlficed to close estate: household
furniture every description, newand2d-hand: 1.09-
-liivi-Iy below cost; genuine closing out. 126 4th.
L URN ITU RE 4-ROOAT FLAT, *75; RENT
J Slti; 2 rooms rented $5 each until May L
1914 V» Centra! aye.
IpORMTUKE, STOVES I'AKPKTS, COUN-
X ters. showcases A.nDERSoN, 1121 Market.
SAVE MONEY— BUY KJRNITURE FROM
Buckingham For. Co., 866 Mission; advances.
HOUSEHOLD RANGES ARK THE BEST
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market at.
FURNITIRK WANTED.
AT INDI\NA AUCTION COMPxNY. RE-
moved to 1171 Mis»ion at., near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 11(93, j»u get highest cash paid for
merchandise, furniture, art goous, pianos, lDraries
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE. MDSBL.
etc STHE*ET* CRESWELU Auctioneers. 927
Market st. rm.:'.l6. Houses bought in their entirety.
IF YOU WANT liuOiJ PRICK'S FOR FURNI-
inr" an! roTrh.tnoUj» sp»- UURD. '211 Larlctn.
CARPET CLEANING.
pITY STEAM CARPET-CLKANING WORKS;
V/ cleans, moves, ays carpets- G. H. STEVEN
Mgr, 38 and 40 igiuh at.; telephone South 250.
J WaTTs. reliable carpet-cleaning renovtg, alter-
. atlon works. 413 McAllister. TeL Jessie 321.
CARPET-t LEANING, »c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
\J samples free; teL Jeasie 944. Stratton, 38th au
CARr"ETa CLEANED. RENOVATED LIKB
\J new. J. 453 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
W r HKS.YoU BKCOMK DISOUSTKI> WITH
poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehamaau; teL So. 40.
AOVA-NCK CAKPET-CLfcANlfttt m 40J
XX. butter; teL Main 394. GEO. WaLcoM, prop.
CARPETS CLEANED RENOVATED LIKiS
new. 23 Tenth; teL South SO. Mackintosh & Ca
JE. MIICHKLL. CAHI' tl-i I.LAMNH 00.,
. HO 14th 1;. : cleaning So a yard. TeL Mia. 7v.
ONKLI.VS CAKPtff- BEATING WORiia.
\J SSH Golden Gate aye. Telephone Kaat 12&
ATTOBNEIts-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A BPKO-
laity: private; no fee without success: probate
insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc; private detectives; eatab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, baO .Market at., corner Stockton at.
DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUO-
cessfui. W. W. DAVIDaON, 927 Market at.
f> W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON
XV» icle budding: advice free; low fe all cases
BUSINESS CHANCES.
GOOD PAYING BUSINESS; GROCKRY AND
VI bar; basement attached. 1601 Powell au
cor. Vallejo. '
KSTAURANT: CHEAP; GOOD LOCATION-
X\> must sell this month; utensils worth double
asked: investigate this. 824 Larkln su
lior SALE— SI6O; fish MARKET, horse
and cart. 1026 Oak St., near Devlsadero.
'SRT/ln FRUIT AND CIGAR STORK FOtt
©ittU. sale. 220% Leaven worth s:.
U' HEAP— CORNER SALOON AND CIGAR-
V stand owner going East. 6 1 6% Geary su „
©1 ' t\ PER ACRE FOR HALF INTEREST
Cl.-O in 640 acres of mineral land! 7 mi es
from Randsburg. Address Land, box 77, Call.
$600. GROCERY AND BAU; LOW RENT-
JO DUU. no opposition. Apply Call OiLcfc '
i-^-rA^AiIA/S^.! 5 " BA^ K OR
G°c < he ) ap. I>A A^Ca t ;fo U^ TORE FUR « ALE
*.^25. SALOON; FINE LOCATION; . HEAP
jp-SO. rent; good fixture*: well atocied- 4
A^TtKffic: 0 " 11 **»*>•' ||^|v
EASTERN YOUNG LaD\ DESIRES UEN-
tieman partner. Room 5, 850 Market su
J. rent cheap. 17 9 Mission st. fH yi^ URH^
FS.Vp IT o^? VEGETABLE STORE; RKA&ON-
X able. 2103 Mission, near Seventeenth.
FS, K ALiK ~ CO ' :S * KR GROCERY AND BAR
x m Miaalo.>: well slocked and good trade; cneap
rent. - Apply 224 Front st.
TN 1 ERIOK AGENCY OF A SAN FRANCISCO
X morning paper. 560 Howard su, city.
V OR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
x this paper. For particulars , 1 quire Call Office.
PORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. IN-
X quire this office or at 133 Third st., Portland,
Oregon.. ,
;1T INK EXPRESS TEAM AND 'WAGON;
x must be sold at once. 211 Larkin st.
C^JTY,,MOUXui JBUii aAU, AJ/PLV THid
\J Oflice.
' I
BUSINESS CHANCES.
G>7>rif\ saloon in exikllentTo,?^-
itpDUU. ity: one, of the Oidest established an£
best known places in its neighborhood: rent
aonable: large stock: does a business hat .* On j):
justify an investment of at leaa iSIOIO, whic, ° *
be proved by a trial: thorough . inveatU,^
■ allowed to any one meaning business: satisfa. 0 "
reason for s«.l ing. M. LESS, 5 Fourth su r *
ffl* O A STATIONERY, VARIETY, CIOAKiT
♦IhDOf. notions and school supply store; in best
business part of Western Addition: cheap rent 4
living-rooms: positive value In sight: aear school
.. LX-- S, 5 Fourth su ' ,;. .
*.,,, G ROC KB V AND BAR WITH 4 sUnI
ifrihi'U. Ny living-rooms: low rent; north of
Market St.; old stand : value In siguu M. LEsS, 5
Fourth su '
C>O*i- Bf>TAUK.iA'T: MAUN :i ICENTI.Y
Jhili.l. turnished: on good street, 2 1,10 |. s
north of Market st.: cheap rent; crowded during
meal hours. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st. »
ffii nnn corner grocery and I;.\p..
?plUi'U. a few blocks north of Market at.*
finely fitted up; good lan,-e stock on band; 4 nice
living-rooms: rent low. M. LESS, 5 Fourth st.
CL'Qf\i\ FINK SALOON BUSINESS A FEW
tJpOUU. doors north of Market su, in the vicin-
ity of the lialdwin Hotel; old established, well-
known plare: one of the most handsomely f ur .
nibbed p ace* of this kind In the city; has a tine
class of trade; is doing excellent paying business;
rent reasonable; easily worn SISJO toanyona;
trial allowed. M. LKsS, 5 Fourth au
.)rn PARTNER WANTKD IN MANU-
«Jt)jit)U. facturing basin' established {(years;
owner baa Government position; must sen at
once; investigate. M. LJE-s, 5 Fourth su
ROCERY BUSINESS (WITHOUT BAIt) IX
VJ busiest location: good horse and wagon; has a
gx>d paying cash trade; bargain. M. Lfc.SK, 5
Fourth st.
d)iiQ/uv SALOON; ONE OF THE FINEST
dpl^V'U. and oldest places; in Immediate vi- '
cl ilty of many large theaters: elegant private
room*; magnificent fixtu es: clears $150 to $.00
per month. M. L&SS, 5 Fourth st.
<i 11 Ad RESTAURANT; ACROSS THE
«I!'JxUi'. bay: entrances from two streets; "
present owners In same place over 7 years: re-
ceipts over $1000 per month, other business cause
of sale. M. L-fc^S, 5 Fourth at. ""-.•'•.■,"■■..
HIGHEST CASH PRICKS PAID FORFTTRNt-
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocer/
stories. STENBEHG, 632 Maricet: teL main 1043.
"I?XPERItNCED, RELIABLE GROCERY A
JCi man can secure part or whole of paying bushr*
ness: no opposition. STEINBERG, 632 Market.
<Jt I i )Z\i\ PARTNER IN FIRST-CLASS ICE-
if l-t)U. cream and candy store and factory :
wholesale and retail; factory fully equipped for
large trade: money to be used in business. &TEN-
BERG it CO., 632 Market at.
©1 OAA saloon AND 12 furnished
CD-I- — v/U. rooms; beat corner north of Market
au; doing good business: present owner years;
will take clear ranch. S TEN BERG, 632 Market.
©9/ 1 A BRANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS ETC.:
«JT — "'V. good location; rent $11: present owner
here 6 years. STENBKRG <fc CO., 632 Market st.
ffl» OFL(\f\ BOARDING AND ROOMING
<pO«JUvr. house: centrally located; large
grounds: low rent: 26 finely furnisned rooms;
clears $200 a mouth: always full: every Investi-
gation. STENBERG «fc CO.. 632 Market at.
$|(,/\A CORNKR LIQOUR-STORE; BEST
i''»v. business street In city; good stock;
nicely fitted up: no better place in town for the
money. ssTENBEttG <fc CO.. 632 Market st.
ffij'7 ~(\ GROCERY AND BAR; ON OF THE
«IP • «-»"• best corners in Mission; large, new
stock: aolng good business: low rent; living-
rooms: no opposition. STENBERG. 632 Market.
pARUAIN: LUNCH WAGON; BEST COR-
' ' ncr; KOOd business- BARRETT <& CO., 873
Market st. j ,: j- -. .
©99C BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY /fIiND .
fiP^-^.O. notion store; north Market; central;
receipts *7 a day; low rent. BARRETT & CO.,
H73V2 Market su
a;9Xfk CIGAR -STAND. LAUNDRY OF.
vT+jO\J. fice: old place; club rooms: near Mar-
ket; receipts $7 a day. BAKKKIT, 873% Market
<5«1 Cfk BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY, NO-
«u)Iu". tions; north of Market; rent $11; re-
celpts $6. BARKEII & BA&ILK, 873% Market
ffi«K.()n FIRST-CLASS CIGAK-SIOKJ:; THE
•£)U\J\J. beat location on Kearuy St. : fine fix-
tures: large patronage; owner has other bu tineas.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market at.
! ftOd RESTAURANT IN • OAKLAND:
tip 1 \jyj\J. gooi location: n<> competition: owner
has operated lor 7 years: receipts $1000 or more
per month; owner going tast. ILKE, 783
Market at. -.-.■'?"
<U;00 A LOON ON TERMINUS OFI
*4P\J\J\J. streetcar line: fine fixtures- doins; -1
good business; cheap rent. WILKE. 7-!3 Marks!
$qf;A CORNER SALOON: VKRY BEsf
»;<J\J. location;- rent $20: owner keeps a
places: must sacrifice; a firat-ciaas bargain.
WILKE, 783 Market su -> .„ . oargain.
•ftfJOn CORNER SALOON ON KEAHNY
tSr\J\J\J. St.: Old established and money-mHkinz
place: few blocks from Chronic c; rent $38: beat
Dusiuess offer. WILKE, 783 Market st.
<ft 4 BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 LlV-
<p^*JV. lngrpoms: rent $22: a genuine K ood
bOßlness offer: daily receipts $14: kept by owner
for years: rarest chance. WILKE. 783 Market st.
$ 1 000 RESTAURANT FOR 8 v LE: PART
•JP 1 \J\J\J. cash, balance on time; positive proof
that receipts are $900 or more per month- chcaD
rent. Apply W. F. HEALY, 917 Market au
©O7Fi RESTAURANT AND COFFEE SA-
<P*JiO. loon; receipts $10 to $16 per day
H. c DECKER, 1020 Market at. >#
"DARGAIN-MUSTISELL: CHICKEN-RANCH
X* of 3 acres; 6-room house; chicken-houses-
Petaluma Incubator and house; horse, stable
wagon and cart; 460 chickens: everything lor
en cken business. Address J. 8., box 7, Call
Office. Oakland. '
"RELIABLE MAN TAKE FULL CHARGE OF
XV branch bustneai; has been conducted by pres-
ent owner 20 years; will clear at least *18 per
week to start with: certainty of increase; must
have $160 cash. 777 Muricet st., room 7.
WANTED - PARTNER IN CON-
<C?ii<UU. trading business: will make about
$75 per month. Apply room 2, 1118 Market at. .
C'caUftnTa^ CHEAPS R£XT FBKE - 639
HALF INTEREST IN ONE OF BEST SA-
loona In city. 925 Mission at. .
OLD ESTABLISHED GROCERY AND FRUIT
VJ store combined; best of location. Apply 1200
Larkin su, cor. Bush. / . v r
"Vl ON EYED MAN TO ASSIST IN DEVELOP-
a „ ing a great enterprise. For particulars ad-
dress Knterprlse, box 78, Call Office.
MEW HOTEL OF 84 ROOMS FOR SALE IN"
J-i thriving town. See owner here. 711 Fo.som
st., room 2.
UTCHKR-SHOP TO LET; FIXTURES-
Western Addition. 1208 Scott St., near Eddj-
key upstairs. - * .
YOUNG WIDOW FROM INDIANA WANTS V
x gentleman partner. Room 2, 223 Post at. V
©9(lft »CHEAP;GOODCORNER; GROCERY
yp*J%J\J. and bar; 4 living-rooms: 331 Sixth st.
<S*->n black walnut TOP COUNTER
*4P*J\J. mad bar fixtures: cheap. 331 Sixth au
&200 LAUNDRY KOUTIi: HORSE AND
«JPjiiV/V/. wagon. Address L., box 76. Call Office.
YOUNG LADY OF MEANS WANTs GENTLE-
X man partner; small capital. . 1 -joi 3 Geary, r. a.
1 ADY WANTS PARTNER IN LEGITIMATE
XJ business- 131 Montgomery at., room 16.
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE. P. O. BOX 8.
X North Temeacai, cat
(11GAR-STAND FOR SALE; BEST oF LOCA-
/ tions; stock all new; party leaving the city.
Inquire W. D. HKNDRICKsON. rcom 40, Chron-
icle building.
SALOON-CHKAP; TRANSFER CORNER;
low rent: lease; selling immediately: cause
sickness. Apply Call office or 15 Dame st., near
Thlr.leth.
ANDY, ICECREAM STORE, FACTORY,
soda fountain; doing good business: near Call
building; ma. c offer. Apply 45 Third *t.
OLD-ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT FOR
B. B. aI bo ; on account of sickness. Address
it. i>- , box 1-1, Lai.
: — : '. "
GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE; TWO
b i^ B om Marl£t st. Inquire CARTAN
MCCARTHY & CO., 312 Sacramento st.
IJESTAURANT; GOOD PLACE FOR MAN
-It and wife; cheap. Apply this office.
ROCERY AN li BAR, WITH LIVING-
VJ rooms. Apply th la office.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANT6.D BY A
young widow. Room 8, 207 Post st.
9-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE: GOOD
— locality. Apply this office. , :
.*'?(> o i: A * H ° N LY ~^ fTnk rooming
®A\)\J bouse; Van Ness aye.; pr cc $450: bal-
ance without interest; re t tree till May 5- 14.
rijoms: ui,l call af.en.o 1 s Ask au.lreus " Call
Branch Office, 339 Hayes at.
'¥' lß^^ AM J iA i AiO^ WITil FiRbT-CLASS I
X profitable trade, for salt- or exchange for other 1
f-n P^ vi*fS on> B ' Ck "° BB< Address A YElia A /
CO., 465 Ninth at., Oakland. >
CMAI.L CAPITAL T.,K S A MEAT MAR
O ket established three years and payin- nice
proat: investigate this. Address Bargain, box 65,
pIUAR, NOTION, : RESTAURANT- INCI Udl
\J in c two buildings: on lease.l ground: bargalTV
on account of retiring from business. 608 -tanyan!
"M A » N « WIJH $100: aiw^'KY making: no
1U trlflexa; money talka only. M. c, box 18J CaUHOUSES TO LET. ______
*VI OO MASON, NEAR LOMBARD-8-ROOM
I YJL O house »nd bath: newly renovated, rent
' 915; reat free till first of month.
XT DUSKS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
tk oney at BALDWIN _- HOUhU'6, 10
M? n.-'omery st. \! ■ I
Tl r>.j BUSH -SUNNY HOUSE: 9 ROOMS: !
J \i~\ ' yard: rent rt-as-nnbl*- to » cocxl tenant
COTTAGES TO 111 _^ i
0 NICE t-BO M COTTAGES: LARGE BASK- j
1 ment and yard. 1 ami 3 Harry pace, off ,
Ltißiina, bet. 1 i r.-M-t an.i Greenwich ais. j
0 COTTAGES, 4 AND 6 HOOii*: - and 910.
-- 331 and 333 Cumt>erl»ud st.
COTTAOK; 7 ROOMS A HI; LABGE
J.U. yard. _'32b Folsom. neat men>ieth.
- c-CVNV F.Or>Ms7cH 1 1 KEN B 'i-E: BARN;
O cbt\-p to good tena Thirties, above Noe.
TTTT CONGO- SUNN- SIDE TKACT; 4
1 (1 room,: new: or will sell on rental terms
•fl-' month. THE Md _BT__n CO., bh Market,
©C BEAK COTTAGE.! B BOOMS: QUIET,
CO. sunny. 715 ..-:..-:■■■■ -:. near eighth.
rpO I LKT i COTTAGE 1 5 ( KOOMS AND BATH;
1 rent $18. 440 !■: ■ ■-t st-
FLATS TO LET;
c-roomcobnerSflatl furnished or
0 unfnrnUliedi modern. Northwest corner Van
Ness -ye and Vall'-jo. - .
111/ i FLm"*VK -2 FLAT- 3 AND 4 ROOMS,
LllUstf and $7 month; water, yard. 1512
Golden Haic aye.
rri O GE*KrJST.^ 5 -S U N N V ROOMS IN
JIC cood order; water f c-: rent 917.
'VoOIfJPOST. BET POWELL AND MASON —
-•]__ s.i-iuy tla: of 3 rooms: 916.
VtODERN ELEGANT FLAT: B HOOMB AND
jSI bath. 4i J Herman st., junction Valencia.
i~c7l~t\ 6 LARGE BOOMS; LARGE YARD
>■_''. »nd stable: 4144 25th st., rear Castro.
. .<l5-i-o«er flat: 1411 Guerrero st., near Army;
ft rooms: porcelain.
r.ll AN U 912-FLATOK 4 ROOMS: LARGE I
■ _* 1 1 yard. 1017 Union st., bet. Jones and !
Leavenworth.
~^\~\ FLAT OF 4 ROOMS; YARD. 214 !
O-«-"i. Eleventh St., near Howard.
,790 EDDY s-T.. SB. VAN NESS AVE. -KLK-
-1 —•") gant top flat of H rooms: modern in every
respect, inquire 810 Market st.
'11 -TOt X ON ST., NR. BI'SH— MODERN !
Ox L flat of 7 rooms and bath; $30.
EAUTIFUL, MoDKRN. SUNNY 8 ROOMS i
and bath. 1 :0^ Turk St., near Taylor.
.}'c OAK— S ROOMS', OK WILL SELL PUR-
. ■:" — O nitureon easy payments.
SV NN V LOWER FLAT WITH YARD AND
O cellar. 624 O'Farrell st.
QIC CPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
0-" O. 1 6251 _ Pine st , above Van Ness aye.
DO You want a nkw flat OK COT-
tape. cheap. .See bPtCK it CO., 602 Market.
1 in« POST— 4AN I 5 ROOM FLATS;
J I \J\J baths: gariierj; rent $15.
PLAT 3 LARGE bUNNY ROOMS: CELLAR;
i" I. 29 Ringold St., near Ninth and Foisom.
LAT. 3 ROOMS. CORNER MCALLISTER
r and Pole sis.
V Al' FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOMS. 915: ALSO
--> sunny cottage, 91 1. Key 623 t^econa st.
I^LATS TO LET FOR VEH- LITTLE
' money at BALDWIN & IiOWELL'S, 10 Moat- I
ornery st.
• C.-I ~ LOWER FLAT; 543 CASTRO, NEAR
' C J ».). 19th: 5 rooms: poicelalu Dath.
7>HEAP MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
' \j rooms. ?>• to Jfl6: «»» th>m. h"^ - ven'.n jit.
HOUSEKEEPING EOOM3.
±>rjant Street.
'1 1 BRYANT ST., NEAR THIRD—
• ) i X sunny suite; running water: $10 per month.
k-llis Street.
CnQELLIS-2 RUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
i)UO complete for housekeeping.
iii.»i street.
• - -I A 7 FIFTH — PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
... U I nished rooms to let.
014 FlFTH— large sunny front BED-
- Ol "t room and kitchen; bath; no children; pri-
vate; 911.
- ■)•>•) FIFTH— 2 ROOM -. FUR.MSHED COM-
■ O—-— piel- for huuuekeepinK; rent cheap.
• ; OO' FIFTH-CLEAN ff NICHED HOUSE-
:' O—U keeping; 2, $10; 3.913: single. 95.
Folnorn streoi.
7f\A FOLSOM— 2 LARGE, SUNNY, FRONT
.... 1 V _ rooms, furnished for housekeeping: others.
■ QQA FOLSOM— FUKNISHED ROOMS COM-
'/-OOU plete for housekeeping: also single.
Golden Gate Avenue.
/*9ft GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 2 OR 3 SUNNY
D-_.U iron 1 housekeeping: also parlor floor.
.
01 "I GOLDKN.OaTE, OFF. JEFFERSON SQ.
OH ——or more connecting r00m..; housekpg.
: . Harrison Street.
•■■ 79H HARRISON— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
■ ; I m-\J sunny front rooms: complete for house-
keeping.
Howard Street.
■• TAJ H OWAKD. COR. THIRD— FINELY FUR-
lu"i nlshed sunny front rooms, cheap: also
housekeeping.
1 f\ 'A HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
■-LUUU also housekeeping rooms.
' \Ci.l\L' HOWARD— SUNNY KM.; COMPLETE
•• JLUUU for ho_sek'piug: private family; rent 95.
Lafayette Street.
• 91 1 LAFAYETTE. BET. ELEVENTH AND
. * OX 2 - weHth— 2 unfurnished rooms; rent 97.
Larliln > ree..
AOQ LARKIN 6T. - SUNNY FURNISHED
v _•/ rooms for bousekeepiLg; front single or
suit. 97 up.
- .*. Market Street.
1 A 9O MARKET— 2 ROOMS, 910; 3, 912:
L "*- O furnished complete for housekeeping;
front rooms cheap,
OAQQ MARKET — 2 OR 3 HANDSOMELY
—VJ 'JO furnished sunny rooms for housekeeping.
McAllister Street.
79_il MCALLISTER— NEWLY FURNISHED
* -^^2 front rooms with housekeeping privileges.
Slinna Street,
• Z.A(\ MINNA — FURNISHED BOOMS FOB
' 0 _:U housekeeping; large yard.
' 1 Z.AQ MINNA -2 NICELY FUBNIBHED
-. wiO sunny housekeeping rooms,
be vent street.
••; I AC) SEVENTH (GIRARD)— SUITES AND
. X^L^d kltchens;aitio single rLO_os;newl- renovated
btockton street.
-1 Qf\7 STOCKTON —NICE FURNISHED
JL«jU ■ rooms lor housekeeping; rent cheap.
hatter Street.
QOCB SUTTER— houekkepino PORTION
y" O_-.«J furnished flat, with 2 or 3 bedrooms.
■j Third Street.
1A Q THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
JLtiO rooms; complete: bath; gas; 92 50 a week.
Twelfth Street.
o-l f\l TWELFTH — NICELY FURNISHED
£l\J2 kitchen, 2 bedrooms, dining-room, bath;
920. . ' .' - •
Miscellaneous.
TENANTS TO OCCUPY IN PRIVATE FAM-
-lUy 3 or 4 nicely furnished or unfrrnisbed
rooms, complete f r housekeeping, on principal
car-line street In the Western Addition: moderate
price: board if necessary. R. M., box t>. CalL
KOOMS TO LET.
Brannan Street.
79C BRANNAN, ABOVE SIXTH— 3 NICE
i 4-0 sunny rooms: 9b. ■* :'.-;:> |; yj] ' ',■ i's>l
: Broadway.
; 9/1* BROADWAY— -UN"NY FRONT BOOM,
OOU furnished or unfurnished: rent reasonable.
i.uily street. " ..
1"1 Q EDDY — ELEGANT FRONT SUITE:
' ' ! also other clean sunny rooms: 95 up; no
-lent. ■ ■ ■
l-.ij;]itli Street.
Chkrmas APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
' R-. Mar Market.: lurnished • and unfnrnlsaed.
QI A EIGHTH. NKAR FULSOM-3 LAKGI-
tJI^ roonoa; rent $10.
BOOMS TO LET- Continued.
Elizabeth Street.
I 9 ELIZABETH. NEAR GUERRERO AND
1 4 -third-Furnished flat 6 room.; rent
— ■ i — ■ -——_-____________
! *-_..« street.' . •■ . -'
]-. OY ' v k HOCB^. 126 KLLIB-INCANDES-
, ce . n ! llBhl8: readlnn-toom, sruoking-room and
ladles' [parlor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50
week. 3to 98; month. 98 to 930; elevator ou
oHice ft'jor-. rooms with hot aud cold wa.er: baths!
■ROYAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN-NKWLY
XX furbished suites: single; elevator, heaters, etc.
- VI ELLIS-SUNNY ROOM IN PRIVATE
« --1 family;; use of bath; rent 95. I>AA^
I :'•■ *-"**tl» atl'vat,
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
L '««' "Si FlUh . 8t - COr Mi"on: A r^s
bOc. 75c and $1 per night: 92 to 95 per week.
i olsom Street.
TfifiX FOLSOM - A LARGE FURNISHED
I UU. room to let: 94: every convenience.
I'uiion Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) - NICELY
<J furnished ims; single or en suite; $8 A 915 up.
•} Otsary'Streoi.
007 GEARY, COR. MASON— NEWLY FUR-
O«J I nlshed rooms; suite and single: gents only.
791 GKARY-HANDSOMKLY FURNISHED
I__|J. room: suitable for itentlemen; references.
TilE MARTINET, 1101 GEARY, SW. COR.
Van Ness— uaud-ome suites, newly furnished.
_.*.■; Ooagn Street.
9-|_IGOUGH-2 NICE SUNNY ROOMS TO
*■* J- tt rent cheap.
i.uH.rd Mice..
1 Q(\f\ HOWARD, CORN <■■!. FOURTEENTH—
±OU\J» 3 sunny rooms; rent t9.
liyde Street.
I C HYDE — 2 LAR G E SUNNY UNFUBi*
li) nlshed rooms and batb.
Jones Street.
mJONF.S-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
l suite; private: $14. i*\'"-.f-
-»?.". 7 Junes (-the VAN WIN -HAND-
_.U i somely furnisbed rooms,' suites or single.
..1 ,iy strews,
» FIiINQTON HOl»K, 127 KEARNY —
j\ Pleasant sunny rooms, cd suite and single; first
I class In every respect: terms reasonable. -
'
-■■••» . t, •■■ Street.
\rOSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
x night, 35c to 91: week, $1 60 to $5: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE. SOUTH OF GEARY, NR.
Mason— Large sunny fro nt room. 1 or 2; $8.
i.Aiiu.l » .to-.
101 MINNA. NEAR SIXTH— NICELY FUR-
"iOi Dished sunny front rooms, 95 t0 99 month; |
bo: baths: also housekeeping.
__________________________ ■
a /«91 MINNA —LARGE SUNNY FUR-
•J.D— 2 nished front room: also single room. .
3i._siui/ Mree..
HANCOCK HOUSE,«7BI MISSION-. FKLECT !
family rooming-house: 91 50 to 98 per wee
CtJ.7 MISSION-FRONT ROOM: KITCHEN:
i ')~i i completely furnished for housekeeping;
other rooms.
1 A'l MISSION— FURNISHED SINGLE
llii'l room: a: so housekeeping room.
IA^O MISSION (EAST LYNN) —FRONT
1"DO suite, newly furnished, for light house-
keeping.
N-iiuma Slice..
7f.l >"ATOMA, CORNER EIGHTH — FUR-
I v/X nished rooms housekeeping; also single, 94
Fine Street.
/.•OI PINE— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
O—i rooms: 95 up; running water: grate; quleU
oat Screes.
7nfl POST-SUNNY ROOM, PARLOR FLOOR;
| lUU hot and cold water; bath; private family;
I for man and wife or gentlemen; price $15.
Ql f. POsf— -UNNY, Wl- LL-FURNISHEI)
'JJ U front room; for gentleman: closet: 96; ref.
t*econd Street.
9-1 7 SECOND— FINE SUNNY ROOMS FROM
— I • 75c upward.
&ixtn siree;.
rpHE PIEDMONT, _ 19a SIXTH— NICE SUN-
X ny rooms: modern conveniences.
£>te\enson Street.
r/>(\ STEVENSON, HET. SIXTH AND SEV-
'J\J'J tunny rooms, single or doable; pri-
vate.
Mockton Place.
THE EUROPEAN, 17 f-TOCKTON — FUR-
nished rooms 91 50 to 12 50 per »f»k: suites
! 93 50 to I* per week; by night, 50c to 91 50; hot
and cold water: elevator: transient.
Taylor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR— LARGE ROOMS: $1 75 SUN-
x\JO ny single; 91 25 and 91 60 week.
Tehama Street.
O__9 TEHAMA — NEWLY FURNISHED
•Ji- sunny front rooms, with bath, etc.: also 3
connecting housekeeping rooms; quiet place.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH— I OR 2 LARGE FRONT SUN-
ny rooms for housekeeping If desired.
i "~"~~~ ~ ~~ ~~ .——_————--_______—_.
-i..i.: >tree;.
q-J THIRD— FURNISHED AND UNFUR-
' Ox nlshed rooms, $1 week up; clean beds, 5c
I and 10c ocr nisliu
Thirteenth Street.
990 THIRTEENTH. NEAR HOWARD—
—— O Large Bunny newly furnished room.
1 ark Street.
j r_lQ TURK-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM;
1 tltO folding bed; running water: grate: gas and
I bath: $.■ .
BOARttINO AND BOOMS.
i "I ADY WILL TEACH PIANO AND SINGING
Jj forropmand partial board. Musician, box 86,
Call ofllce.
HOME TABLE: SI NNY ROOMS: REASONA-
b:e; references. 913 Balden date, ur. Octavia.
"VICK SUNNY FRONT ROOM. WITH BREAK-
! 1> fast; 910. 7i 4i^ McAllister st.
i 7zlQ PINE ST.— SUITE OF ELEGANTLY
■ 1 tcO fumi-hed parlors, with board, 950 per
j month.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 MARKET— NOW
open under new management; has been ar-
tlstli ally tinted, papered and elegantly furnished
\ throughout: hot and cold water In every room:
elevators and every modern convenience; parties
: now can have choice ot carpets and furniture; the
table, under ihe supervision of Kowaskle. the j
well-known French chef, will be unsurpassed.
_j 1 9 EDDY— FURNISHED SMALL ROOM,
. *±±Z, with board: 920 a month.
C/iQ VAN .NKcS AYE NEWLY FUR- I
: UUO nished innny rooms or suite, with board. •
LARGE ROOM, GOOD BOARD, FOR 2 WORK- j
Xj lngmsn: 94 week. 11 to 8. 119 Leavenworth. ;
ROOM FoR 2 GENTLEMEN WI H BOARD; ;
Gcimau home cooking: *5 a week. 626 Valen-
I cia St.
OTEL BhRTLING, 714 BU9H-A FAMILY
. hotel: refer nces: all modern conveniences; i
1 RalHton tab en. if desired: new niMna^enient.
CIIJ.LJJ. _.!_.> I'.OAKDKD.
i VICE HOME FOR 2 CHILDREN: MUSIC,
i ■LX and c!o»e to boo i s hool: 10 per mouth. Ad- !
dr«s« MRS. E. L. BILLI.-, Golden Gate, Alameda
: County, Cal.
OLD NURSE LIKE TO TAKE ONE OR TWO
children to board: terras reasonable and mo- I
ther s care; r»i!a It-. 565 Bryant st.. in the rear.
j — — —
STORES TO LET.
SAN RAFAEL-STORE- TO L-.'l ; LOCA-
tions suitable for furniture and upholstery,
fruits and vegetables, candy and notions. 1,111
I). >.JIEAR»-R & CO., Real r ill c Agents, Ran j
j Ralael: oppos'tebroadgauge depot; open Sundays. •
j LARGE >TORK, 2 SHoW WINDOW'S, AND
Xj 4 large rooms: rent only 922 10. 423 Sixth.
BAKERY, 1130 HOWARD; LARGE STORK
and 4 living-rooms: cheap rent.
j 4-1 7 THIRD-2 ROOMS AND BASEMENT;
I *±X I also Mat. A pj> y4l 7% Third st.
' OFFICES TO LET.
O')" POWELL, COR. GEARY— ELEGANT
«/>^ sunny parlor suite; newly renovate I; suit-
able for doctor.
Or-RECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET ST.;
Oli h:. peasant offices: cheap. ASHTON *
GARDINER, room 210, or at 411 Montgomery. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1897.
PERSONALS.
pRETTY LITTLE BAbT~FOR ADOPTION; I
J- good birth. Call at .701 Mission st.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWh a BPEC- I
•**• tally, private; no fee r.ithou: success, pro- ■
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of. sale' ,
damages, etc. -. private detectives: eatab. 10 years. '
G. W.HOWE, ai:y-at-lau-. hSU Mark«'t,cor.Stockta |
RU.NKENNESS- CUKES GUARANTEED.
. Gold « ure, Sacramento, Ca\ ; 26 Page St., 8. F.
WANTED- BY A YOUNG W.DOW A GEN- !
. Ueman partner; small capital. 13'J Taylor st. ■
\IME. ROLLAND. PALMIsT: MAGNETIC
ii treatment a specialty. Room 1, 223 Post st-
M ME. MYRTLE POTTER . EMOVED FROM
IStJ'J Market su to 33 S.xtb, room 17.
HAVE YOUR HOUSE PAIXTKD WITH Al
stock, no dope or fish oil : rooms papered 92
up wiiltenea,slsoup. papered, grained, va> nlshed
95 up. AMBROSE &. SCHAAF, 10*.'9 Kearny su
SPECI A L AND LAST CLASS OF SEASON IN
haiidressing and manicuring will begin M n-
day, piil 26: half rates itiven. Up-To-Date Par-
lor«, 1 26 Market St.. over The Wonder.
CONGESTION AND DIGESTION -
Yield to the powers of hot baths, aud RHEU- i
MATISM flies before it; go to DR. SM Tfl'S
ELECTKO-MAGNKTIC B.aTHS and rejoice at I
returning iieaith: hygienic board; sunny rooms
sanitarium, 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
ITA OIL. ~ "" |
A powerful, penetrating, blood warming and i
vitatizlugrem-dy: does not blister: cures pains in- i
terns! and external: 91 bottle: 6 95: 910 gallon- \
charges prepaid. Address 15i3 BUCHANAN ST.' !
rvKTECTIVEM FURnT^UED ALL BRANCH-
XJ e3 legitimate work. Mullen's Agency, 20 Ellis.
THE LA KG. ST, THE BEST, IIIE QUICK- I
X est, the neatest, thf cheapest, the largest and
bea liairdrcssinc establishment on the coast- the
neatest and politest assistants and artists: the
quickest and cheapest service; hairdressm?, any !
style, is only 25c; switcbea run from 91 to 93. c; '
LKDERER, 111 biocktonst. - |
JMNE BLACK SUIT; $12 50. MISFIT CLO l' H-
ing parlors. 513 Montgomer.- St.
lO(M) B UBkKK9B CARDS PRINTED, 9150; 1
XUVV weaaing work. HILL, 22i.i Geary st.
W ANTED-OLD GOLD FOR MANUFACTUR-
»' Ing. O. NO LIE, jeweler. 222 O'l-'arrell st.
RACIAL BLEMISH KM. WRI.NKLK>, SMALL-
X pox pittlnes and superfluous hair removed by
latest discn very; sunken eyes and cheeks filled
out; baldness cured. MRS. E. KING. 524 Sutler, j
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. j>R. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. A lamed*.
TRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
tailoring: lowest prices. 218 Kearny. upstairs.
JOSEPH (ihKVEn'B OPERA SCHOOL FUR-
-0 mshes solo?, duetp, quartets or entire opera ac i
for the proiessioual stage, ana for oratorio, concert
or church as well, en shortest notice. Murphy
building. Market and Jones, rooms lvl and 1-2.
RELIABLE AND EFFICIENT DETECTIVE
-It service. Rcoms 19. 20 and 21, Chronicle bldg.
MISS JESSIE AND LIZZiTTkEEGAN, LATE
-»i with G. Lederer. expert hairdresspr. ayein?
and bleaching » specially. l2lVa O'Farreli sl.
phone Brown 353-
SLITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS; Si
a week. N.Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny. upstairs
TWO RENOWNED ITALIAN KEsTAO-
rants combined: F. DELMONTE A CO.. pro- '
prietors of the old Buon Gusto Restaurant, 431
I. roadway, have consolidated with MR. ANUELO
DELMoNTE. proprietor of the celebrated Fior
d'ltaila at 430-432-434 Broadway, just opposite.
■\IAGMSCOPE — NEW i KOJEOTINo MA- !
1»X chine; US.-8 the kiuetoscope llims; price re- 1
: duced, $150 BACIGALLPI, 946 Market st.
LilO OUTDOOR STERkOPTICON SHOW EVE- j
X) ry night cor. Market and Sixtn sis.; artistic «l- >
vertisements In living light; promoters of bust-
I cess. Consult OWL APV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
J.AI'.TINIiTON'S SCHOOL Oi iIAG \ZI.\K '
» and Newspaper Illustration: particulars _< to !
terms, etc.. 424 Pine ac; llinsirauoai :ux-i_Qej
lor magazines. newspapers, etc.
RUPTUHE A.SU PILES CURED: NO Pa \
until cured: send for book. DRS. Man*
FIELD A 1-ORTKRFIELD. bSB Marke; st.
LKCTRIC UGH IS in EVERY ROOM: !
Winchester House. 44 Third bL, nr. Market: i
i.OO rooms. 25c to 91 60 per eight: $1 50 to (d pec
| week; tree bus and bagga;e to and from tbt) lerry.
CLOAKS. FUR 3 A->j< &Lll - RETAILED Ai 7 !
\J wholesala prices. > «rtorr. 20 Sansume st.
I — — — —
DRESSMAKERS.
DIiESSKS, 92 50 UP: CAPE-, 91 UP; WRAP-
rHTs, 60c up. 431 Minna st.
HORSES.
Xl\ HORSES FOR SALE: WAGONS AND
O'/ harness, at car stables, 721 Howard su ; auc-
tion every Tuesday. .......
LAD V'SHORMi AND TOP BUGGY FOR SALE !
cheap. Devisoilero-st. stable, near McAllister I
AUCTION SALES EVEKY SATURDAY AT
X\. 11 o'clock of horses, bncgies, wagons, harness.
etc. Emporium sales yards, 2_o Valeucia su, S.
WAI KIN.-., auctioneer.
! Aft HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGON*" i
"vf buggies, carts, harness: Uran,<l Arrade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth St.: mictloa tiles every Wed-
; nesday. (sULLIVaK 4 DOYLE, Auciionuera.
1 T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY: 500 SETS
! XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for caulogu*. 120 McAllister St., S. F.
I Cft HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
I OUbuslness 900 to i&OU pounds. O.d Tur_-su car
stables. 1501 Turk: team of large young mules.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
HACK. FIRST- CLASH CONDITION: VERY '■.
cheap. 2700 Twentieth su, cor. Hampshire,
I near Potrero aye.
CART, NEARLY NEW: BUITABLE FOR PA- '
per or butcher business; very cheap. Apply i
! 836 Devisadf lost. ;
TANDEM CART; 6-SBAT TOP CARRIAGE; '
J 5-glasi landau: nearly new. O'BRIEN &
> SONS, 500 Golden Gate aye.
j \T, W AND >ECOND-HAND BAKER. LAUN-
| -■' dry and milk wagon: also fine lop buggy ana
! rockaway. e-,8 Harrison su
FOB BALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
■ SODA FOUNTAIN FOR SALE (HKAP— '
| O Tufts' make: 16 places for syrup, 4for mineral
water. 2 for soda; large Freucn-plaie mirror and
electric llghis: cost 91100, for 9600. Apply
I PRAISER A BEW, Drugstore, Alameda
LOR SALE— 2S-HORf-EPOWER STEAM EN-
X glue and tine machinist lathe, with oval chuck
I and attachments. Apply DONOHUE <t KER- i
' DELL, 134 cutter St., >»n Francisco.
3 -STONE DIAMOND AMi SAPPHIRE KING;
995; worth 9150. Uncle Hams. 15 Grant aye.
i L ARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS, SHOW-
I xj cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
(tore and otlice furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. N«.ONAN, IUI7-IUIB-IU2I-IU-JJ
Mission su, above blxth. « r  "
• 7-MONTH-OLD SHEPHi-RD AND ST. BEH- ''■
, i nard pup; trained and fine watchdog; 915. W.
D. sdIKA.NZ 636 Market st.
FoR HALE— NO. 2 REMINGTON TYPE- i
writer; tine order. 638 M lsslon st.
', Q!';f\f\ SCHOONER. NEARLY NEW: 25
! «jD^vv. tons. Wharf, Walnut «v, Alameda.
; JATHES, PLANERs, SH»VER>, DRILL- '
J-< pressers, gas-engines; second hand. 515 Sixth- !
— —^ _________ i
j |?OH SALE— 22-FOOT SLOOP YACHT; COM- i
1 plete; skiff and mooring*. &S First it.
SAFES— NEW AND fcECONJj-HAN D. .609
Mark«. St. I
BICYCLES, NEW, HIGH GRADES, 945; BIG I
bargains In second-hands. Wnverley Retail, !
[ 216 McAllister su Wholesa c, 61 First st.
I . i
6 -FOOT PORCELAIN BATHTUBS 910 EACH; j
in perfect order. H. is. WHj' l E, slt> Mission j
ATEW CAslI-RhGISTEIiS FOR MaL.-. oft TO '
J.l rent. MAUUIRr., 180 Hansom" St., room 9.
! ________________________________________________
bOILERs,KN_.INE;v-iy-»-A.\ " MAI. HiNERY
XJ water-pipes. Mclntosn _; Wolpman, 137 Beaie. ;
pot FEE MILL. SCALES. LETTER I'RESSL |
\J stand desk, money til, safe: cheap. 103 Clay. I
i |.. AHS, SIiOWCASKS, COUNTERS. . BHELV- !
I > ins, eta, bought and sold, loua Mission, nr. 7th.
Lai-ge double CUMI-AKiJItAi 1 coin
bunk salt?: cheap, b Mission st.
■ — ■ ,
TVTKW IIJIWrwD RANGES ARE THE BUST. I
1\ W. 8, RAY MFU CO.. 12 California su . > v
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LAKUE-SIZiS i
tire and burclar proof safe. 103- 111 Market Sf
BICYCLES.
i iAA^ NAiiVVV^^ fl __ /kjt _ WA ___^
mANDEMS, '-©6" PATTEKX, GOOD AS NEW. !
j X $70 and upward: bargains in second - :
wheels. Golden Rue Bazaar cycie department,
i 25 Geary st. ' . ,
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICH-ARD-4, LAW JCE_. UOOiU '
cJ 86 and 27, Crocker u_uoi__; Mri*vuuu« M«.«
t ' '!>. —an Francisco. Ca-
•• HOTELS.
bBOOKLYN . HOTEL, 208-212 BUSH BT.
i-> board and room 91 to (2 per day. (6 to 913
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to 91: suit*
MM for family 91 to si 50 per night; tirst-cUss
tuvicc uu> imvU CHARLES iIONTOOMtU^ |
CLAIBVOTANT3.
WHAT IS YOUR. VOCATION? -
HAVE YOU PROSPERED*
WHAT ARE YOUR HOPES? \
, Mrs- DR. F. CLARK will lift the dark veil of I
your future life: she Elves you valuabe ADVICE !
fend AID lv all affairs of life, of private us well as I
of business nature as, for in tance, pertaining to
Love, Matrimony, Friendship, Business, Lawsuits,
Contested Wills, Divorce. Damage Suits. Claims.
Journeys, >perul;.iions. Mining, etc. ;
She discovers lost or stolen property, finds burled
treasures, prevents sickness misfortune: recon-
ciles the separates, thus restoring lost happiness.
Every person i. adapted to some 1 articular busi-
ness profession or .race,which may justly be term-
ed thei tru-i vocation, and yet mure tuan half of
you are fighting against an unknown fate for fame,
lortune and position which you do not and cannot
obtain until you find your true vocation.
OlUce h< urs, 9 to 8 daily and Sunday. Pead
stamp for circular and special terms. MRS. Di;.
F. CLARK, 1206 Market si., tan Francisco. : .. , '
VOW IS THE TIME TO CONSULT MRS.
IN NASH. ■
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees ii all, • tells you all and iv- j
stantly elves you -peace and happiness- 1 u?ver '
ask a question, but before you utiera word I leu j
your name, names In full of a. that you are inter- j
ested in, all dates, f >cts. «tc I tell you who are
true to you and who are false, what hopes you
may have winning your desires and what, obsta-
cle* Hre in your way and how to remove th«-m.
How to make the best of your talents nod pros-
per. How to get money. I flud lost articles and
locate hidden treasure. Before en ering Into busi-
ness, law, divorce or marriage consult me. Drive
away evil spe Is, stumbling blocks, bad luck and I
habits. unit overcome ail evil woiku, rva and i
enemies. I -never fail. I have brought, about
more happiness than all otlur mediums. <-thers
are be helped: why not you? If you are going to
see a medium, why no sco the very best? It costs
no more. Not 1 ing to be paid in advance, and If
not entirely satisfactory nothing at all. 110 you
desiiv anything fairer than th*t? Residence, 4.0
Eddy st., between l.eavenworth and Hyde. Office
hours: 9 a. m. to 8 p m.
LADIES RECEIVED ONLY. . — ..^
N. B.— No signs.
ME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVKAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells enilra life, pas:,
tit-sent, luture; consultations en all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; snrs
help; restores lost lov» by B.vmpatny; mistake im-
possible: tee SI: ieiters& . V£D Post su. nr Laxkln.
Vi ME. L -\ MAR — FORTUNES TuUl BY \
i*' planets: predicted "74" passengers overdue j
Steamer island. 7 Giant aye., room •>. .
\\ ME.ARNDT.GEBMAN * OP. I UNK-TELLKrtT
ill ; . Us past aud future: gives picture future bus-
band or wlie: 25c up: never fails. 957 Harrison st,
Milt:. MELBOURNE. GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant; never fails; call and be convinced. 419 ■
Geary St., room 22, second floor; only 25c.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
IVI grave -.pictures given ; ladies 25c. 914 o'F-rrell.
MRS. MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant. 61 Fifth at.: water reaaln.s specialty.
MMX. KAVENA REaDS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice; names t:lv. n. SSonv.6 Fourth
MME. VIOLET CHESTER Has AKRIVEd";
palmist, magnetic healer. Rms. 2-3, 223 Posu
ME. MORE A BEST FORTU>E-TELLER,
medium, card-reader; 25c up. 764 Howard st,
YPSY LIFE READER, 3 SEVENTH ST.;
ladies 25c, gents 50c; a.l questions answered.
ME. I.EGGKTTF: PAST AND FUTURE;
business advice; one price, 25c. 311 Tehama.
ETHELG KAY, CLAIRVOYANT. CARD READ-
Jlier . nd palmist. 1 iti-J Misal 1:1 si.. bet. 7 hand Bth
SriKITUALISM,
MMX. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL MEDIUM. GIVES
m< ssages and advice on all maiteri pertain-
ing 10 mortal bft'aira- 838 Mission st.
MRS. i-ULT -N— MATERIALIZING SEANCE
I>l to-night. o0c; sittings dally. 31 Fell st.
ME. YOUNG'S TESTS-CIRCLE TO-NIGHT,
10c. 41S McAllister; convi. icing .em.
MRS. C. J. MEY i:i. - I ESTCIR. 2 AND HP M. •
teats 10 all; 10-. sittings. 326 McAllister st.
MR*. MAYO STEERS, 112y 2 OAK CIRCLES
Tuesday, 8 r. M., Thunday, 2 p. M : readings.
1 > EMOVAL— FRED EVANS, THE SLATE-
It writing medium, it now located at 1122 Market.
KS. J. J. v HITNEY. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
.i'l for messages ml advice. 218 S.ocktoo st.
HYPNOTISM.
HYP.NOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSE
fails: also tauzhu Hypnotic Inst.. 6 O'FarrelL
MKIIICAL.
T ADItS-
RE.NAKD REGULATING WAFERS.
An infn'liblecurp I-oriurther particulars and
explanatory letter send 2 cents to Pacific Coast
A rencv, l.en. rd Medical < 0., 828 Spreckels build-
ing, 927 Market St., ?an Fra cUco.
All. CASKS OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(from whatever cause) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure at any time: Instant relief for
travelers; home in confinement: bes: care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful
practice; my celebrate.l remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: every cuss guaran teed: co li-
mitation free, conMden lal; hours 10 to 5: pills sL
11R3. DR. WVtTU, 916 Post su, near Larkin.
Dl.. J. H. JO-SELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ist, still oilers his valuable services to the un-
:ortuna:e. With a mind ma ured aid enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills he can no;
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, be is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has teen btreng;a-
rued by extensive experience No case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his nure con-
trol. His female monthly remedies are sure and
t»fe in their eff -cts. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-talltng In their
ectlon, ana are warranted for both youn< and old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases,
i Over 5j years of practice enbb.es him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Cousu.ta.lon parlors, UJd
Market .<•:. Call or w rite direct to SOtS Market »;..
rooms 11 and 12.
PROCESS THAT 1H PERFECTLY HARM-
Jess: never fails In any case of monthly sick-
ness. 00 motler what cause; no clec.rictty hum-
dug or other dangerous methods: money in every
case refunded ii a cure Is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home la
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DX. AND
MRS. DA VIEs, 14 McAllister su. next Hitxsrnl*
Bank: hours. 9a.m. to 5 and 7 to B p. w.
A PROCESS 'IHAT NEVER AILS TURK.
store every case of monthly sickness lrona
whatever cause in a few hours when msdlcines
1 and others have failed; no instruments used;
: many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
homf for continemenu MRS. DR. Li.IL.UY, 1123
Market st. over the Owl Drugstore.
A Nr-W PROCESS-NO MEDICINE OR IN-
-M. strnment u<ed: every woman her own physi-
cian lor ii. l female troubles, no mat from wbut
cause: resto.es always in one day; can be sent
and used a: home; positive cure; genuine new
process can only be had at my office; advertised
20 years. DM. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
DR. FOXTLKT'S FRENCH CAPULES—
guaranteed absolute cure for nil :.-ma c dls-
ean9-> (no matter what cause); positive y safe and
sure; no danger or after effects; taken in lime It
also ac as a preventive; price $150 per box:
Bent free by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS., 33 Grant aye.
DR. ANDMR-4. WJ-GENER. 526 EDDY ST.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and onring confine : female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
for travelers; Lest care; terms moderate: babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills s2,
DRU bOO'DWIS SPECIALISTS, LADIES
near or far; safe, quick . cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients; best skill,
tree diagnosis; low fees: self-cure. 401 Van Ness
A LPEAU'B FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
A. dies with female troubles; no danger; safe and
sore; $2 50 ex press C O. D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland-.Cad.
\ MIKE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE Dl3-
-•»' » eases from whatever c«us»; a home la con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction, guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYKR, 226 Tur* su
'ALL, FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND Dls-
Jt\- ease* of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT.-*, 410 Geary st : consultation free.
DU PRAK'-. FEMALE RKGULATINU PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenacoeue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS A CO.,drugglsts, 406 Clay U,soleagts,
N.-URPAHSED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
troubles, diseases. MRS.DH. 2541.5, 4tn.
I vR. hall, 14 McALLJSTKK street. Sic^kii
XJ Jones. Diseases or women ana children.
LEGAL NOTICES.
THE CALIFORNIA DEBRIS COMMISSION
having received applications to mine by ttie hy-
draulic process fro CHARLES and BEN HOW-
LET r. In the How-lett claim, near Columbia Hill,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings in i\napp Ra-
vine, mid from the Marguerite Gravel and Quartz
Mining Company. in Hie M arque Ite mine. in
Eureka Mining district, Nevada i i.unty. to deposit
tailings In a ravine, gives notice that, a meeting
will be held at room 59 Flood building. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on May 10. 1897. at 1:30 p.m. .-~"
CITY AND COUNTY TREASURY, KAN
Francisco, April 15. 1897.— in compliance
with the provision- of section sof order 3598 or
the Boar. 1 01 Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880, there will be sold at public auction by K. s.
bpear & Co., at their salesrooms. Ml and 33 Sutter
street, on
. .. MONDAY, MAY 17, w
At 10 o'clock a. m. sundry articles of stolen, lost
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
forte of San Francisco, = n detailed In an inventory
thereof on tile in the office of he 1 lerk of the
Board of Supervisors, and consisting of jewe.ry.
wearing apparel, jii-.oK knives, etc. also a lot of
trunks, valises, clotliing, etc.. property of deceased
rsons received from the c orouerof this City and
County. "Open for inspection 0:1 morning of sal»,
A. C WIDBEK,
, - City and County Treasurer.
CITY REAL, ESTATE.
ffi«Q7fin - NAIOMA-BT. HOUSE OF THREE
©''•vU. fla.s; rent 930: always rented; lot
25x75.
$3200— Clementina st. : 2-story house, 8 rooms;
rent reduced to S2t>; lot 25x80.
These properties must be sold to close an estate;
no ■ reasonable offer win be refused. Inquire 714
Natoma si. ■ No agents.
CfOfin LOT 75x100: LEVEL; NEAR CARS:
«3)-UU« worth $400. F. W. FULLER, 19 Mont-
gomery.
FOR SALIC — HOUSE 3 •ROOMS AND LOT.
2*B Day st., b-u Church uni -ancbez.
CC. BEMIS, '
• real estate and land agent,
324 montgomery st.
FOR SALE.
Choice bnildinclot on Army and 27th sts.: close
to electric road. .
(450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
(6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
In i! ihe Presidio and bay.
$5500—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park: ' V?5x137 :ti /eel: electric roaa passes houses:
make offer.
(8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of par*.
Bargain— S\V. cor. Fiftti ay. and C St.: 109x95 ft.
OR SALE OR TO LET— B-STOKY HOUSE,
JT' 315 Guerrero st ; furmerl Hansen D.ein^
and Cleaning Works: steam po.ver; well and
pump: s aule, 5 stalls; 40x112: easy terms; ap-
ply on r remises, 1 to 4 r. m. ; also cottage, 5 rooms
and bath, 302 second aye., near Clemen, st.
pOTTAGE, 4 ROOMS: CHEAP ON ACCOUNT
\J of owner g in : aw- y: ground leased for two
years, can be renewed. 58 Hermann, nr. Valencia.
p EORGE 31. BALSBURY, BUILDER, WILL
\J call and give low estimates by addressing 521
X St.. Sunset Heights.
diQAnrv EASTLAKE COTTAGE, 330 HILL,
(jjuuvv. si., nr. Castro: 5 large rooms, bath
and basen ent; lot 25x114; partly mortgaged;
mortg.Ri' caa remain if desired: good neighbor-
hood; place not large enough for piesent owner.
App y B'-IGDEN i TURNEY, cor. Kearny and
Commercial; make offer. , ■
<£'-{n l\(\l\ INSIDE CORNER ON POST
tjpoU.UUl'. at.; rents about ?150 per month:
I a modern building on thin lot will pay well. J.
W. COLJSMAN, 24 Montgomery st.
»;aa Cash, balance same as rent,
O ''"v/ for new house; sunny side of Co c st.,
near Waller: size 01 lot 25x1^5; contains 8 ruoms
and all modern improvements. . -
rptTTLE <t LOFT US, LAND : AGENTS, 62
I 1 Market su, opp. Palace Hotel: city and coun-
; try uropertv for -ale and exchange only.
MONEY TO LOAN.
"I IBERAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JEW.
J ' elry. etc.; low interest. Cut-rate Loan Office,
r. 7, Flood bUg, 809 Market: lei. brown 19L
A LOANS ON FURNITU«E OR PIANOS,
. In S. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates:
without removal: no commissions; no delays.
J. NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 ALla&iOU 01., above btXta.
telephone- Jessie 4L,
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and Jewelry of the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st.: telephone Green 204.
O')/)A fUIM AT 61 /a PKR CENT ON CITY
«jpOUV/.UUU real estate; also Oakland: estates,
lite Insurance second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
ANY AMOUNT: IST. ZDtOR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate: furnlturn and pianos without removal.
UcCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON S-MALL LOANS?
»T We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $109
on 2d mortgago; any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
I ffl?O\).^ I'lflfTAT BANK RATES: lbT AND
I I *- «•""" 2d morteaces, estate*, rents, etc.:
! lend as iotr as 950. H. MLRPHY. 624 Market su
i >(\ f\(\(\ TO LOAN ON CITY REAL
«jZIi.UUU estate; 6\< 2 \. SPECK & CO, 602
Market sr.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LUW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNKR, 7 City Hall aye.
MONEY TO LOAN OX CITY HEAL EsTATE:
iv any amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine bU, r. 3.
C; 1 fvO.ooo ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
*£il\J low Interest. JOS. B. IOPLUZ. 33J Pine.
Cj-/\ TO 5J0.000; LOWEST RATE; IST <fc 2D
iipOyj icortg.: any proposition. Dryden. 413 Mont
NY SUM, I>T OR 2ND MORTGAGES. Es-
- V tates iv probate, etc. Km. 7, 508 California, st.
ON| FURNITURE AND PIANOS; NO RE-
moval: low rates: private party. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON PIANOS AND FUI'.NIILKK. WITHOUT
removal very low interest. 116 McAllister st.
FINANCIAL.
T\7ANTED-EUROPEAN PREMIUM BONDS,
! »' list d or unlisted stocks, g'ld, silver and
! quartz bought and assayed. F. EPHRAIM CO.,
| 6-8 Market st., opp. i n aci- Ho el. S. F.
; ..
EDCCATIOXAL
» NDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OK
A Mathematics: pupils prepared In day and
evening clas.se < and by private lessons for Caltor-
nia and Stanford universities; teachers,' marine
i engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes: mathematics mechanical drawing;
; high school pupils coached. 1:.. 402 Parrot, bldg.
SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocutitin, 1215 Octavia st., --aa Francisco.
Mli-S ELIZA MACKINTOSH, i ui>U of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland,- and graduate
of '.he bchool- of Oratory, Philadelphia. Pa-
teacher. Office days. Friday p. m. Saturday a. m.
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, tusiness practice, shorthand,
typinc, telegraphy, ituigmtces. English branches,
i <)ec*.rical engineering: 20 teachers; 15,000 (raau-
-1 ktes: day and evening sessions; catalogue.
1 A YRES', 'lHi. LEADING COLLEGE. SJI
JV Montcomerr st.; individual Instructloa U
tnorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.
Lie scholarship $59- low rate« per week and ml
j T>ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
I JD Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
; on stage. R. 5 and 12. L0.0.F. block, 7th and MkU
LEO COOPS SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
Opera, rantoraime and Acting; study 01 reper-
i toire and vocal music, bli Geary at.
■L7NGINEERINU Si HOOL; MECH.. ELEc7
XJ civil, mining, survey, assay, archtr.. X ray
Uunht; e5.1864. A. VAN DKR NAILLEN.933 Mkt
IJOOKKPNO. WKITNG. ARITHMTC. (iKAMP,
I Ddav i&ulght: nodaises; (5 montu. 845 Mission.
BANJO TACGHT To BEGINNERS, 25 CENTS
JL> per lesson. Address A., box 76, Call Office.
i .
PIANO. GERMAN, 75c; PUPIL LElPSlCCON-
servatory and German High beho&i. 110 yde st.
SINGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French. i<ciman languages: 9-' ma 109 1 ay. or.
L'ITAK. UA.Ni'UUN, PIANO AND VoC-*-
VT Irssons. $3 mo. .Mary Westbans. Hb Fifth.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND ANT ADS FOKTHE
O Call taken at branca cmc«, bZ* liiuet <*.;
open until V:3O o'clock. ;:.- ■-
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. t
I 4 RK YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
{ A. We sell them for $.', $4, (5, $6, $7. $8, $9. $10
1 per month; also for cash; the best makers of every
' grade; don't pay rent when the same monthly
> paym- nts will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
j CLAY <£ CO., cor. Kearny and Sutler sts.. Stain-
way dealers.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
: i\. house west of Chicago is KuHLER <fc
! CHASE'S. 26, 2S and at 1 < >' farreil St.; pianos, or-
] gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
everything possible duns 10 please, and satisfy lUs
customer. ; *"::S
ACTUALLY THE BEST BAKGAINs IN Pl-
anos; mom hly payments from *5 up: dcliv-
I ered free with stool and' cover; correspondence
' solicited. THE F. W. sPENCER COMPANY.
I salesrooms 933 Market »v, opp. Mnaoa; e»tao
I llshed over 1:0 year*. ;
BON A FIDK REDUCIIOX IN PRICES—
Halnes. Knabe, Bush & Oerts and others: sec-
ona-band pianos irom $100 up. W. C. 11AM1L-
'ION. successor .v A. i . Biincroft <fc Co., £24 x'osU
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE— MUST SELL:
A pianos at Immense reduction for cash or on
Installments. EATON i- STATE, 735 Market st.
HAW, bTEINWA'i, *260; CHICKEKING. .
8185; bargains. $4 a month; a nice small up-
right, $95. INK, 136 Kills st.
£.T t)~ RODGKRS' CABINET GRAND
1. L--'.Kr;;!i.>r-i.b.ir;'P.iiis HOHNUNO.2I6Pcst
C.-1 rvoFINEGROVKsTEEN FULLER PIANO
i^J Uu $b installments. 221 Leaven or. St.
A BRUENN PiANO: WILL CHARM YOU:
A see it before you buy. 228 Post su
EARLY NEW BABY Gi: AND STEIN WAY;
j Ii grea. bargain. 1021 Van Nets aye.
AROAIN CAN BE HAD AT MAt'VAIS 1 , 769
Market st.: agency DecKer <t Son's pianos.
ARE CHANCE; GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernlaßauk
I &HKR.UA.N, CLAY it CO.'S ONLY W LLi4
J\. you find a stock of new s-telnway pianos-
\V <.. BAUl»Ell. SO..E A ENTFOrtHALLET
«' .A Davis ami Francis Bacon pianos. 41 sacta
BYKON M A LV. JOS P ..sl 1 t»T.— >OUU£a,
N ewbv i Evans, iiriees and other pianos. -
c- UPiiP.IOP. VIOLINS* ZiTHEKS, OLD<t NEW
OH. MULLEK. niak»r. reimirer 2la am place.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C.C. O'DONNELL. 1206 MARKET; RES.
2864 25th at.; diseases of women a specialty.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN; 4% ACRES 1 MiLE FROM
i'etaluma; well Improved. A«.diess33s Fell.
Oft ACRES CHOICK LAND NEAH AUBURN-
CV/ valuatlo i $4 'DO: will »»ll or exchange for
city or Oakland properly- J. H. K«> ER>, 1 and 2
Grand Western, JUr.ei St., cor. PolK and Austin.
C ANT A CLAKA COUNTY— FOR fiALE, RE -T
0 orexehang": yin yard; 13 acres; 3 acres orch-
ard Apuly 645 Naiomast. • -•
SONOMA COUNTY: LITTLK HCMKS ASPE-
cialty. A. H. CHESSMORE, real estate agum,
Sonoma, Cal.
"1 Oil- AUKS TKACT AND 140- ACRE TRACT
■■■"" at $20 per acre; high and sightly; well lo-
catrd for poultry raising. A. H. CHKoSMORt:,
Sonoma, Cal.
/ KEAT BARGAINS IN LAND;. 935 PER
» * acre: small places; improved and unimproved;
Alameda County,' near san Francisco. For de-
tails write to H. J. DIGGLES, 69 Columbian
building, Marke. St., San Francisco.
i()TO|8»; MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•IP'S \J unimproved land: terms losuit: fruit, grain,
vegetables, rail and water. R. 65, Chronicle bidg.
TITTLE HUMES LOSE lO TOWN; IM.
Xv proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre piece*
on 8 aud 1 i years' credit. D. H. TWINO. So-
liomaCity; every Mondur at 633 Market Bt.. S. F.
C« C AN ACHE: I*Bo ACRES TIMBER; UOOD
tr«J for stock or fruit: plenty water. a. box 40.
C^wpvJrfv D t BEBT IX AMBKICA-THB
tT wiiKKLY CALL, s*>nt to sny address in tha
V nitfd fatates or Canada one year for $1 EO, pos>
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND - B£AL tSTAXK.
FOR RENT-ELEGANT STORE. WITH LtV-
ing-rooms in re r, in Fruitvale, .lie summer re-
sort if >an Francisco, whf r^ a lborou;n buslne-s
man can start li nisei f an excellent grocery, deli-
cacy or dry goods s ore. For timber Inf rma.lon.
apply to H. A. PLEITNEK. Fruit val* station.
$• CASH, $5 MONTHLY— LOTS $75 AND
<p«' upward; out of 33-acre A.lendale Tract, E*st
Oakland but 72 lots unsold; will tnlld you 3. 4
aud 5 room cotta c (modern) from $300 to $900,
lucludln • lot: payment as rent; site, climate and
soil superb: 3 eiectric roads and fine scbool near: I
conveyance free. 459 .»inth st , bet. Broadway
and Washington, Oakland. H. Z. JONES Owner.
BUY A UOU^E AND LOT IX BEAUTIFUL
Jtrul.vale: only a minute's walk lot tie station-
see the owners at their office in Fruitvale for bar"
gains BASSr TT BROS., FruKva.e station.
Q>\l\(\ EACH. 4 LOTS Mn.LKOSE STATION
tip 1 \>\J Tract: streetcars and local trains: only
$1 down and $1 a week. H. B. PINNEY, 902
B.oadwav, Oakland.
GET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOMESITE
while prices are low; lots $100 to $150 at
Fitchburs, beyond Frultva'e; the best property
for investment now offered; local trains and
electric cars: 10 mirrutes to Oakland and 49 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of damp
belt: soil excellent for gardening; very best water
facilities; good school: terms to suit. Before buy-
Ing in this locality see the owner of this property,
C. M. I'UNKLE. 916Va Washington au, upstairs!
room 28, Oakland. Cat.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FINE 8-ROOM RESIDKNCE; WELL FUB-
-T nished: large, cultivated grounds: chUce loca-
tion; rent $50 per month: ready May 1. WM. M.
UK WOLF, 11150 Broadway, Oanlaud.
T ARGE 8-ROOM UNFURNISHED HOUSE;
J-J in good repair and very desirable neisobor-
ho.>d: rent $25. WM. M. DE WOLF, 1050 Broad-
way. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
To LET TO THE PROPER PARTY— I OR 2
sunny rooms: upstairs: either furnished or un-
furnished, with breakfast, if desired, in choice
local! y, at reasonable price where home com-
ioru.au be enjoyed, in s.rlctiy private family;
references exchanged. 1217 Webiter st., Oakland,
Cal.
OAKLAND FURNISHED BOOHS.
-f AUGEHCXNYRO MS; GALI.VDO HOTEL,
J ■i Oak I and; board optional. Sthst., off Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERT IS
J»T.AMKT>V Ui^AL F«TATI.
r-: OOM HOOiE; FINE LOCATION; BAB-
I _■::.: $2100.
L-«-autifu lot : 50x125: $SCO.
Corner lot. 80x138: tine location; bargain.
Furnished house!:. til 5) to $100 '
E. D. JUDD &. CO., 1424 Park St.. Alameda.
FINE NEW RESIDENCE, NKVKR BEEN
occupied, at a bargain, si tinted in the choicest
i of .oclit.e.s; a large ■ aynitinl has been made upon
! it. and forfeited, which enables us to sell far below
cost; see it and make offer. JusEPH A. LEON-
ARD CO., 1364 la St., Alameda.
»OOAA 6-room cottage; BEAUTI-
— -"«• fully situated: near Bay-st. gtn.ioj*.
*2450— A new cottage; colonial style; near nar-
row-cause sta lon.
$29(J0— Handsome colonial cottage, with room*
above; situated i ear station.
$36tO — A snap; colonial cottage of 7 rooms;
latge corner lot. your terms are ours-
JIAKCI'SE & REMMELL.
Bay-st. station (broad-gauge), Alameda: 628
Ma ket St., San Francisco; open Sundays and
holidays.
i ARGAIN; ALAMEDA COUNTY: 30 MILES
J from city: choice land: Iruit, nay, grain, veg-
etables, with living springs; 525 to $35 per acre.
11. J. DIUGLEs. 69 Columb an building, S. F.
ALA3IKDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
A L \MEDA-TO LET, SUNNY CORNER COT-
xV tage, newly pointed; 8 rooms and bath, base-
ment, laundry, attic; all in perfect order: large
garden rent low. J. S. HAN LY, 1351 Park si.,
Alameda. -' , v;
A tAMEDA— ROOMS AND BOAKD FOR
-TV gentleman in private family near Chestnut
station, narrow-guage. Apply 1126 Lafayette St.,
/.lameda.
DENTISTS.
VAN* VRnOM & CO.'S ELECTRO- DENTAL
Pa<lors, 99V Market at.: lady attendant: no gas
or o: her dangerous . niesthetics given; electric ty
the gr--:it agent used to relieve paiu; teeth tilled
aiid extracted painlessly by our new electrical
process: a written guarantee given with a!! work
done; lowest prices, best work; all surgical work
attended by G. \V. Wili.ams >n, M.D., physician
and surgeon: examination free by ttieu-eor our
new electrical appliances: porcelain and gold
crowns: bridge-work and teeth without plates a
specialty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market st.
fiROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, cet. 3d and 4th: pass specialists: painlesi
extracJng, with gas, $1; plates, $7 up: fill, $1 up.
FULL SET OK TEETH, $7: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate: thinnest, lightest, coolest plat* made;
warranted 10 years: tilings. 50c; crowns, S3 SO.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLOUS, 24 Sixth street.
$7 FULL SET TEETH: BEST MAKE;
<p I . kept In repair; extracting free; nlllnfts.soo;
crowns, $3 5a Pacinc Dental Parlors, If Third.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR.
H. C. Young, 1841 Polk st.
POSITIVELY PA IN LESS ACTION. DR.
J. HARDING, cor. Powell: te1.ma1n5375
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.: OPEN
evenings: Sundays till noon, dentistry taught
CULIO.N Ut.\TAL ASSOCIATION. bod-l.AH-
ket si. Dli. CHARLES W. DKcKEK.
$7 A SET FOX 'It.KTH— WAKKANTED A3
0 I good as can be made; tilling $1 UK MMM 4,
dentut. 930 Market at.. next Baldwin Theater.
Painless J-.XTR ACTION, BOc: crown
X orldge work a specialty: plates $5 up: ISyearr
experience. U. L. WALSH. lxlx*., b15»4 Geary.
"I \R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 M.ARKKT ST, NR.
U Eleventh; do charce " lor extracting whaa
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 6Uc: gas given.
DR. UKOKUE W. LEEK. THK UKNUINIS
■ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeta
Without any plate, moved from 6to uil\J b arreu*..
ALL WUUK KKASONABLK AND WAJ4-
ranted. DEL J. Vf. KEY. 1320 Market ac.
LOST.
BLACK PURSE— LOST ON DUPONT ST.,
bet. Bush and California; liberal reward. Re-
turn to 815 Stockton SU.MKH LAEOKBCT. . .
T LEW ELL YN S-ETTKR: DOG: WHITE WITH
1j black ■ ots: license 2U9H: named Sport. Re-
turn to 36 i lgin par < : reward. '
T OST— POLK. XriAR HAVES, MALE FOX
J ' terrier: white, with black and tan head ; leather
collar and bell; liberal reward. 21 Polk st.
Lost— a passbook with thehibernia
Savings aud Loat. society of San > ranclsco, in
the name of rM.UA CRAM; No. 21^25^. The
finder will please return to the bank. .'
k STORAGE.
STORAGE-ROOMS 25x10, 93 PER MONTH:
rooms 10x12, $2; new and dry. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
TIEDUC. D KATES, FURNITURE. PIANOS,
XV Household gooJs, eiu. J. -i.. PUUBCJS, 785 Miv
MAKKIAGK I.U'LNitS.
The following mama.<* lieonsei hays ba«a
Issued by the County Clerk's office: I !
Alois Huckand Sell la Olesecice, "3— W.
John J. Lynch and Mamie Steinha?»u 26—17.
Charles A. Pf flier and Ray Striker 29-18. N
>ieinrich Hoge and Marie Hartinann, 33— 23. I
Frederick Doualiueand Nellie Hariclns, 27 —
Elmer A Wolfe and Miriam K. Lord. — -5
I". J. Barlealnpl and Amelia >'. Siivestri 2.'— 22.
bikl MARttlA«l&—
FBlrth, laarriJiz" and death notices sent br mill
will not le Inserted. Tney must be handel In a'
either of tba publication offices and be imtoriil
with the name and residence of perjoai autnonzjl
to have the same pumis.iu.l. J
BOB.V.
BRIARK-Ia this city, April 17, 1897. to the wirt
of W. W. Br.ar<j. a daughter.
JENKINS— In nU cltv. April 13, 1897, to the
wit* of John L. Jenkins, aii«u?hc<*r.
3IAUIUEO. .
AITCHIBON— this city. April 21,1897,
at the home of the brtle's parents, by the Rev.
Frank K. Baker. William J. Altchlson and
Louisa Otto, both of saa rranclsca.'
MEINHOLD-REHN-In this city. April 21,
1897. b-.- the Key. J. H. Schroeder, Frederick
Meinhold and Anna Rehn.
SAVAGE->WAN-In this city. April 23, 1897.
by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille. Frank V. M. Savage
and Mary Elizabeth Swan, both of San Fran-
cisco. ■
DIED.
Bursrmayer, Frederick- McGuinness, John
Caltaghan, Mary Maclcay. Alexander
l o.lins, Timo.hy O'wul.ivan, Mary A.
Crowiey. John Parker, George
Donovan, Michael T. P. rKins. Sarah M.
Klwood. Kdvarda B. Peyser. Morrli ' ■
Ford, Margaret ShleHs, Ja:n*i N.
Hall. Annia E. bmiley, Thomas J. L.
Harklni. Jamei Thomas. Wiilmm M.
Kafica, Paul . Ward well. Albert
McAmee, anirew Wood, Charles A.
BURGMAYER— In this city, April 21, 1897, Fred-
erick, beloved husband of Bessie nurgmayer,
and father of Louis and Frank Burgmayer, a na-
tive of t e:insy.\a:ii:t, asjei 37 years.
JB3"Frie:ids an i acquaintances are respect-
fully InviieJ to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 'i o'clock p. »i.. from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter A- Co.. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CALLAii H.a N— ln this City, April 22. 1897, Mary,
beloved daughter of Isabella una the late JUenis
Callaghan. and sister of Johu F., Henry ant
Annie callaguan. a native of Kingston, Mais.,
aged 24 years •£ months and 9 days.
4V Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9 :30 o'clock a. m., from her lata
resiueuce Ui>B Pacific street, thence to Su Fran-
cu Church, corner Vallejo street and Montgom-
ery avenue, where a solemn requiem masj
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock ▲. U. Interment Mouns
Calvary Cemetery.
COLLINS— In his city. April 23. 1897, Timothy,
beloved husband of Bridget Collins a native of
Wood Held, parish of Rosscarberry, County Corn,
Ire. ana. |fcprin§held (Mass.) papers mease
copy. }
Frlendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from his late,
residence, 323 Oak street, tuence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore streets, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose ot
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. it, In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CROWLEY— In this cl y, April 21, 1897, John
Crowley, brother of Mrs. Ellen McCormic*. aad
uncle of J. a. McCormick. a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 54 years.
J)3~ Friends and acquaintances and members of "
the -an rrauciaco ship-..aiKers' Association,
without further notice, ar- respectfully invited
to attenJ the funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday),
at 9:30 o'clock a. v. , from the parlors or tha
Craig, Cocnran Co.. 22 and 26 Mint avenue,
theuce to St. Patrick's church, Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery ( by 11 :30 o'clock a. m. train.
DONOVAN— In this city. April 22, 1897, Michael
T. Donovan, a native of &an Francisco, u ed A
days.
ELWOOD— In this city, April 23. 1897, Edvarda
Bertina, beloved wife of Frederick Elwood, niece
ofAmalia Kldngien, and sister of clans Clau-
sen, a native of England, a,-eJ lb years 10
months and 23 days- [Lus Angeles and Port-
land (Or.) papers please copy, i -
S3~Frlendi and acquaintances are lUiuaul
fully Invited to attend the funerai Tu-AIORROVV
(Sunday), at a o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 3^B FoUom street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
FORD— In this city. April 22, 1897. Margaret
Fora, a native of Irelatu. *zvd 35 year*.
HALL— In Alameda. April 22, 1897, Annie E.,
beloved wiie of George W. Hall, aud daughter of
Margaret A. aud the lute Jamei Mee.
Friends are resDfotfully invited to ateni
the funeral services THIS DAY (Saturday), at
9:30 o'clock a. a., at a... JoM-pu'3 Cuurcn, aU-
mtrda. cueatuut-s.reet station, na:row-gauga
luterment private. No flowers.
HARKINS-ln Watsoaville. April 22, 1397.
James uar<lns, beioved orotherof Mrs. John
Welch and the late .Mrs. Margaret Ford, a na-
tive of Letiericenny, County jjonegal. Ireland,
aged aboat 70 years.
«3TThe funeral will take place THIS DVT
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late resi-
dence on Saa J uan road, services at at. Pat-
rick's CUurcn.
KAFKA— In this city. April 1897, Paul Kafka,
aged 5 months and 7 days.
McaM'KE— In Oakland, April 22, 1897. Andrew
McAmee. a native of Ireland, a^ei 43 years U
■ moatusanJ 18 days. - ■
McGUINKESS— this city. April 23. 1837, John
McGalnness, beloved father of Mrs. E. Au.on-
lades, a:id s broth aw of Michael Galvin,
a native of County Longford, Ireland, aged 66
year*.
A3" Notice of funeral hereafter. .
MACKAY— In this city, April 22. 1897, Alexan-
der, husband of Janet Mackay. and father of
Mrs. R. V. Watt, Mrs. F. J. Ttrayer, Waller S.
Mackay and the late Mrs. J. L. Case, a native of
■ Paisley, Scotland, aged 66 years 3 months and 8
days.
J»3- Funeral THIS DAY (Saturday), at 12:15
o'clock p. if., from his late residence, 43 Noo
street. Interment private.
O'sULLI VAN— In this city, April 22, 1897, Mary
Ann, beloved wife of Patrick O'aullivan. and
mother of John F. aid Sylvester O' Sullivan and
Mrs. John H. Cunningham, a native of County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 67 years. LBonon paDera
please copy. J
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
uli v invited to attend the funeral THIS vaT
(Saturday), at 9:45 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter & CO., 122 fcdjy s:reet,
thence to Holy Cross Ciiurch. Eddy street, near
bcott, wh-re ■services will be held, commencing
at 10:30 o'clock a.m. Interment Mount Cat*
vary Cemetery.
PARKER— In West Berkeley. April 22. 1897.
George, beloved son of Christ and Vinnie Par-
ker, a native of West Berkeley, aged 4 years 3
months and 18 days.
PERKINS— In this city, April 22, 1897, Sarah
M. ferkins, a native of Sew Vortc, aged 73 years
' 6 months and 16 days.
U"S~ t-'rl^:iils and acquaintances are resDsct-
fully Invited to attend trie funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m.. from the resi-
denco of John L Sab:n, 2828 California street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by special
train leaving Third and Townsend streets at 3
o'clock p. m.
PEYSER-In this city. April 22. 1897. Morris,
beioved son of Henry and Bertha Peyser, father
of Hazel Peyser, and brother of Mrs Paulino
Jacobs and Eva Peyser, a native of San Fran-
cisco, as;ed 37 years '2 months and 1-i days. \
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his parents, 3J2 Clementina street.
Interment New Salem Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock a. it train from Third and Townsend
streets.
SHIELDS— In this city, April 23, 1897. James KMX M
beloved son of James and Susan Shields, a na-
tive of San Fraueuoo, aged 16 days.
SMILE Y— ln this city, ADril 23. 1597, Thomas J.
L. Smiley, a n.ui ye of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 78
years 1 month and 14 days. i -.:♦■-•
43" In term out private.
THOMAS-In this city, April 22, 1897, 'William
M., beloved son of Mrs. Belle Thomas, and
brother of B. M. Thomas, aged 34 years 7 months
and 6 days.
Friends and acquaintance - are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
oi H. M. 1 nomas. 2?29 Bush s.reet, near lyon.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. . .
WARDWELL-In this city. April 22.1597, Albert,
bolorei hmliaad of Josephine A. Ward well, a
native of Mas.iacnus»tt<, ased 51 year*.
tS~ Friends are resneclfullv iuvltMl to atteni
the funeral T.j-MOKROW (Sunday), at 10:15
o'clock a. x.. from the parlors of t>»Utei &Co ,
vA6 .vilssiuu street. Interment Cypresi Lawn
Cemetery by 11:30 clock a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
WOOD— In the Ottvnnl- Conner Hospital. April
23. l <9' Charle* Allen Wood a;ed 37 years.
KICAVOY & GALLAGHER, |"
i FUXKRAL DIEKCTORS A EMBALM
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ? "
NOTICE.-THE BUSINESS OF McAVOY
& GAIXAi R «11. be conducted at the
old ' stand. No. 20 Fifth street, for - the benefit
of the widow of the late HKNItY J. GALLAW-
HEK and his sister, Miss AN.ME >. g.v llag-
Hiiß. HKS.H.J. GA LaGUKK.
: -■-'.■: ANNIE B. GALLAGHER.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE ALB
of burial plats and graves in its cemetery an 4
deeds. 1 ■-' -^- ■•■'- "'.; , . y.;:-\
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at try»
Superintendent's othes at the cemetery, cornel
Bush street and Central avenue. San Francisco."; ..-
...■■■• '■ { " ■; : ■-■■- ■-;- •-■ --■ ■ •■!
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMB-
tety to the city ; non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. - Oitictt VV7 ilwtt*
•irtcin uotuheast cornex ox taixti^ ■■ ■■ • , v -
1314
DURRANT'S
STRANGE
WITNESS
Remarkable Tale Told by
an Aged Arizona Pros
pector.
GHOSTS CAUSED A MAN
TO CONFESS.
Henry Schaffer Says a Man
Named Brown Exonerated
the Accused.
HIS STORY DISCREDITED BY
CAPTAIN BOHEN.
Owing to Late L?gal Proceedings ;
Durrant May Not Be Hanged
Before October.
I
A remarkable story comes from an al- '
leged prospector of ibe remote mining
regions of Arizona named Henry Schaffer, ;
who claims to have come to this City J
from bis seclusion about four days ago to j
collect about $2000 in pension money due ,
him and to prosecute a claim for Tele- :
graph Mili based on an alleged Spanish
{rant to that eminence.
He claims to have been seated in Un;on
iquare i'ark yesterday and to have there 1
HENRY SCHAFFER, the 74-Year-O!d Arizona Prospector, Who
Says a Man Named Erown Confessed to Him the
Emmanuel Church Murders.
overheard two men talking of the Dur
rant case. This, he stated, recalled 10 his
mind an occurrence of about twenty-otic
months ago. The remembrance induces
him to enter the drugstore of Samuel F.
Hughes, at the northwest corner of
Powell and Post streets, and ask Mr.
Hughe* to look up for him the address of
Theodore Durrant's father.
ilia story is that about a year and three
quarters upo four men came to his cabin
in the White Hills, about forty miles from
railroad communication, in a spring
wagon and asked for accommodations for
tbe night, whicti be granted. He had two
beds and gave one to three of the men and
himself alept with the fourth.
During tbe night bis bed-fellow was ex
tremely restless, starting up frequently
and shouting "take it away." The miner,
continuing his tale, said that at last he
woke the stranger up and remonstrated
with him, saying he must be demented.
He told tbe troubled sleeper of his demon
strations, and tbe latter then, under great
mental stress apparently, remarked:
"I must tell it to somebody.
"I have murdered two girls in San Fran
cisco and bad to flee to e«ca)>e punish
ment. Another man is now arrested for
the crime, but I guess he will get out of it
all riuht.
"We are obliged to keep away from tele
graphic communication, because the oili
cers of the law may even now be on my
trail. I killed the two girls in a church,
nw to-sat:
Talt
rheum
Most torturing and disfiguring of itching,
burning, scaly skin and scalp humors is in-
stantly relieved by a warm bath with Cuti-
ccra Soap, a single application of Coticura
(ointment), the great skin cure, and a full dose
of Cuticcba Resolvent, greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures, when all else fails.
(yticura
Ii told throtuthootthe world. POTMB Dura awd Cb«m .
Cobp.. Prop*., Borton. "How to Cure S«ltßh*um,"fre«.
ril I IMA UK ID Pimply Facet. Baby Blemi.hta,
FALLINu HAIK cSrV<l by Cmmu Soxr.
and their gbosts come and trouble me so t
cannot sleep. The men with me do do
know what 1 have done."
Scnaffer says the tnree men along with
the fellow were loaded down with jewelry
and optical instruments, which tie de
clared were stolen from a San Francisco
jewelry store about the time the murder
took place. Next day all four men took
their departure and he never saw them
again.
When seen last night at his place of
lodging, 515 Howard street, Schaffer said
in addition:
"The man told me his name was Brown
and that he had a brother in Napa City.
He also said that others in the church in
which he committed the murders knew a
good deal more about it than they were
ever likely to tell, but he refused to tell
me the name of the church or the girls he
had killed.
"I am going out to visit Durrant's
father in a day or two and see if some
clew cannot be obtained to the men's
whereabouts. It may be that this Durrant
is innocent of the crime. I can't conceive
why this man should tell me such a tale
unless it were true."
SchafFer is a German^ 74 years of age.
He does not seem to desirn notoriety and
tells his story In a straightforward way
that cannot fail to imprest the bearer.
He gives absolutely no impression of
being demented.
Schaffer says that he served under Gen
eral Fremont und shows numerous bullet
scars to prove his claim. From an old
Spanish grant he claims a part of Tele
graph Hill, and has been referred to At
torney W. W. Foote to prosecute the
claim. Attorney Foote, when telephoned
to in Oakland last night, said tnat the
man had not yet apoiied to him and that
he bad not *o much as beard of him.
Captain Ben Bohen, the veteran detect
ive, discredits i tie man's story entirely
and is as much as ever inclined to believe
In Durrant's gnilt.
A POSSIBLE RESPITE.
Probability That Durrant Will Not
Be Hanged Until Some Time
In October.
"Theodore Durrant will not be ha'.iged
on June 11." Such is the positive state
ment of Eugene N. Deuprey, who is now
singly making tbe tight to save t tie neck
of the condemned murderer of Blanche La
mom.
According to the calculations of Mr.
Deuprey, the fatal day, if it comes at all,
will necessarily have to be postponed until
some date subsequent to the opening
term of the July session of the Supreme
Court.
The execution will be stayed, tbe coun
sel for the defense claims, by reason of the
appeal that ha- been taken to tht> Supreme
Court from the judgment of Judge Bahrs
in resetting the day for the banging of
Durrant.
The appeal, it will be remembered, was
taken on the very day that Judge iiahrs
■set June 11 for the day of Durrant's doom,
and was in port on tbe ground that the
Judge in pronouncing the sentence of
hanging nad coupled with it »he alleged
additional and illegal punishment of con
finement in the Bta'.e prison at Han Quen
tin uniii the day of execution, thus mak
ing tbe convicted murder r suffer, as the
counsel for Durrant claims', the uncalled
for and unlawful indignity nnd humilia
tion of being garbed in convict siripes and
being treated generally as a felon of less
degree than a murderer.
According to the mips of the Supreme
Court In the matter of appeals in criminal
| cases, me defendant hai thirty days in
which to file the transcript on appeai.
Ten more daya is allowed for the filing of
the defendant's brief giving points and
authorities. Another ten days is granted
the Attorney-General to file his briet in
the case, and then the defendant has five
more days to file his answer.
It is not nnhkeiy that every day thus
placed at the disposal of the de!en*o in
tlie Durrant case will be fully utilized,
and thus fifty-live days will have been
consumed in getting ibe appeal properly
before the Supreme Court. When .all
these preliminaries h»v<*been disposed of,
it is the custom of the S.ipreme Court to
set a aay for argument, which in this case
will be oral, and will, if the usual custom
is followed by the Supreme Court, be de
ferred until the July term of the court,
which opens in this City on the third
Monday in July, the 19th.
In this way ii is thought to safely tide
Durrant over the dread lltli of Jane. If
tnis is accomplished it will mean, even ii
the appeal is denied, as was that taken
from Judge Murphy, that the day of exe
cution will have to be set again— probably
late in July or in Acrrust.
A» the prisoner will probably be given
•ixty days from tbe time sentence is again
pronounced, his partimc from earth would
appear to be not nearer than October
next.
In case the appenl before the Supreme
Court faiU recourse will then be had to
the Federal court.
Eugene N. Deuprey smiled in quiet in
credulity when he was asked what be
thought of the article published in yester
day's Examiner purportinc to set forth an
admission of guilt made by Durrani to
Frank Kloss, the murderer who was
hanged at San Quentin yesterday. Kloss
is alleged to have selected an Examiner
reporter as his confidant, notwithstanding
that his alleged object of revenge in be
traying Durrani would have been best
served by conveying his information to
an official of the prison.
According to the extremely transparent
fake of the^ Examiner Durrant, alter lis
tening ;o Kloss' coniefsion of his guilt
and discussing Kloss' crime, said: "lam
just as guilty as you aie, but the only
tning we can do is to try to save our
selves." The Examiner in telling this
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1897.
BRAHMACHARIN BODABHISKSHU.
A learned and eminent Brahmin and ascetic, who is devoting his life to study,
will arrive at the Pamce to-night, and on Sunday evening will lecture in the
Native Sons' Hall on tbeosophy, a religion, if auch it may be called, to which he
devotedly adheres.
This strange man, who is pronounced by Countess Wachtmeister to be "ten
thousand times more eloquent than Dbarmapaln,'' is yet but a mere boy, judged
by American and European standards, be being but 21 years old. However, so
soon do the people of sun-burned India mature that Bodabhiskshu talks like*
sage or savant.
Tbe first part of his name, i. c., Brabmacharin, is a title like professor, in that
it is tbe name of an order to which be belongs. It is an order of celibates and
ascetics, who devote their lives to the study of spiritual things for the benefit of
their fellow men.
The Brahmacharin is dressed in a robe of white India silk and wears a white
turban of the same material. He is very tall and altogether presents a striking
appearance. He has recently been visiting England. He left London for New
York, went from there to Chicago, where he lectured, and then to Los Angeles,
where he has talked for the past few nights, and from which place he will arrive
this evening.
The singular Oriental will speak before the Women's Congress while here. la
all probability he will have crowded bouses on all occasions.
attenuated fairy-tale in two and a half
columns says: "When Kloss made his
statement be stood within his cell and
spoke to an Examiner representative
tnrongh the bars."
Deuprey referring to the matter said:
"I know there can't be a word of truth
in it. If the unfortunate wretch who bas
gone to his grave made any such sugges
tion it was made out of whole cloth. I
can't understand the object of such an ar
ticle as that. It seems to roe that the very
statement that it wan for revenge would
stamp it as untrue. It uon't 'pnase' me.
I have my opinion that the man is inno
cent, it is what he has always declared
to me in confidence. It is not likeiy that
he would take such a man as Kioss, if
that man is of the character that I un
derstand, into his coniidence.
"I am satisfied that all tne conversation
thai ever took place between them must
have been along the lines of religious con
solation offered by Durrant. I nave read
the article and it is entirely at variance
with everything 1 know.''
NEW COUNTY COMMITTEE
It Meets, Organizes and Adopts
Revised By-Laws for Its
Government.
N-w Ex cutive Board Named—Chair
man Manwaring Indorsed
for Oifice.
The new Republican County Committee,
with Charles W. Manwaring as cnairman,
held its first meeting Thursday night in
Shiels building. Thirty-eight of the fifty
five members were present.
The constitution and by-laws as re
ported by a committee, consisting of T.
I). Kiordan, J. M. Chretien am) Charles
Clear, were adopted, with an amendment
declaring against any increase of the
membership.
J. Alva Watt desired the power to fill
vacancies placed with the remaining
members from the districts in which they
occurred. Tnis was opposed by T. I>.
Riordan, and the proposed amendment
failed by a vote of 22 to 13.
A resolution recommending to the Cali
fornia delegation in Congress the appoint
ment of Charles VV. Manwaring as Col
lector of Internal Revenue for the First
District of this State was unanimously
adopted.
The chairman appointed the following
executive committee: At large, T. D.
Riordan, chairman; Twenty-eighth Dis
trict, Al Houston; Twenty-ninth, John J.
Glynn; Thirtieth.. A. E. Wallace; Thiriy
tirst. Charles Clear; Tnirtv-secoiid, R. W.
Heilman; Thirty-third, Fred J. Conn;
Thirty-fourth, R. Schlueter; Thirty-fifth,
I. H. Thompson; Thirty-sixth, Alon/.o
Davidson; Thirty-seventh, I. E. McCar
thy; Thirty-eignth, Grove P. Avers;
Tnirty-ninth, M. H. Smith; Fortieth, J.
B. Mark?; Forty-firM, C. J. Clinch; Forty
second. J. M. Chretien; Forty-third, P. J.
Walsh; Forty-fourth, G. Bacigalupi; For
ty-liftb, H. Lewis.
Harry N. Gray was elected treasurer and
Michael Flynn sergeant-at-arms.
Chairman Manwaring, who at the last
preceding meeting was appointed a com
mittee oi one to devise means for harmon
izing the local factions in the party, sub
mitted the following, which was adopted:
Wheheas, It Is absolutely necessary for the
•uccess ol the Republican party iv this State
during the next gubernatorial campaign that
harmony shouid exist In the ranks of Hie Re
publican party in the City and County of San
Francisco and that all Republican voters should
nave equal rights in the election of delegates
and candidates; therefore, be it
Resolved, Thai the Republican County Com
mittee, through its chairman and secretary,
hereby invites all the resident member* ot thu
Republican Stale Central Committee and the
chairman thereof to meet the Republican
County Committee of the City and county of
San Francisco at a conference to be held on
Thursday, the 29th of April, 1897. at 8 P. M..
at Laurel Hall, Shlelt building, 32 O'Farrell
street, for the purpose aoove designated.
Chairman Mainwaring waived his ri<*ht
to fill two vacancies in the committee
caused by the deaths of P. J. Crowley and
William Bmad*ke, and the committee
filled them as follows: Twenty-ninth Dis
trict, Thomas Daughnety; Thirty-first
District, P. J. Kerrigan.
A French professor ib the owner of a col
lection of human heads representing every
known race of people on ta« tlobe.
DROPS OF BLOOD
BETRAY A CRIME
Two Amateur Highway
men Meet With a
Tartar.
A. L. Brown Success ully Van
quished Both With a
Pocket-Knife.
Charles White Receives a Cut in the
Stomach and Admits He Was
Fight ng.
Two young men, one of them a bard
working mechanic, while under the in
fluence of liquor early yesterday morning,
made an assault upon a peaceable citizen
with all the apparent accompaniments oi
an attempt at robbery. As a result Denis
Foley, lor several years past employed as
a machinist at the power-house at the
junction of Valencia and Market streets,
and Charles White, who is well known to
fame and the police throughout the Mis
sion, hare charges of assault to rob pend
ing against, them. White has a rather
severe knife-wound in the stomach.
Early yesterday morning word was sent
to t tie Seventeenth-street station that a
man was lying seriously injured in a drug
store at the corner of Twenty?eventh and
Church streets. Lieutenant Burke and Po
liceman Kinbille at once hastened to the
scene nnd found White stretched upon
the floor, where be had been hastily
treated by Dr. yon Werthen, the proprie
tor of the drugstore. Foley was linger
ing about outside the store.
Lieutenant Burke questioned the men
as to the origin of the injury and they
concurred in such a hiehly improbable
account of an attack by a mysterioas
stranger that the officer decided to re
strain both of them. White was accord
ingly taken to the City and County Hos
pital to have bis wounds dressed. Foley
was taken to the Seventeenth-street sta
tion.
White did not appreciate the effort! of
the officers to have him cared for and dur
ing the afternoon made an attempt to
escape from the hospital. He was' cap
tured at the gate by Policeman Luke
Harrison and he was then taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where the facilities
for detention are better.
In the meantime Officer Stanley bad
found blood tracks on Twenty-seventh
street, leading toward Church, and had |
tiaced them to the vicinity of 327 Twenty
serenth street.
The occupant of this place, A. L. Brown,
volunteered the intormation that the
night before he had had a desperate en
counter with the youne men, in the course
of which he had cut one with a t>ocket
knife.
Brown is a c.-ossine watchman in the
employ of the Market-street Railway
Company. His duties keep him until 1
a. M., and while returning to his residence
I yesterday morning, he says, the men at
tacked him, appaiently with an mtpntlon
to commit robbery. "In the scuffle he
pulled his rocket-knife and cut one, when
they both fled.
Foley declined to tay any thine about
the affray, but White admits that be was
drinking Thursday ni^ht, and early Fri
day morning was in some kind of a row.
He declared robbery was not his motive,
though he does not remember the cause
of the quarrel.
Caught a Shoplifter.
Mrs. Rena Howard, 33 year* of age, was
arrested ye«terday afternoon by Special Offi
cers Green ana Allen, employes of the Em
porium, and a charge of petty larceny was
placed against her. The woman whs accom
panied by a 2-year-old child and the officers
claim to nave watched her iv the act of steal-
Ing a cape and a petticoat.
Faith tb. Fatalism. Read what James H
Barry has 10 say in the Star. , •
ANGRY AT
THE CZAR
Greeks Will Not Attend
the Russian Church
To-Day.
LOYALTY TO MOTHER
COUNTRY.
The Great White Father's Ac
tions Have Made Hellenes
Resentful
ANOTHER CHURCH MAY BE
FORMED.
Twenty.Fire Greeks Have Gone to
Join the Army and a Few More
Wi.l Fjllow Tnrm.
The bitter and unrelenting war tnat is
now being waged between Greece and
Turkey has caused a serious breach in one
church of this City and will result in the
formation of another within a short time.
The loyal Greeks of this City have
always attended the Russian cathedral,
presided over by the Right Rev. Bish p
Nicholas, and which is under the control
of the Russian orthodox church.
This church ia supported the world over
by the Russian Government, and the
Great White Czar is its head and main
stay.
Therein lies the trouble in this City.
The Pan-Heilenic Society of San Fran
cisco, of which Mitchell Vanvales, the
Washington-street commission merchant,
is tbe president, numbers about 150 mem
bers, and it has been the custom for them
to attend Easter »ervices in a body. The
recent actions of the Czar, however, in the
trouble between their country and the
lana of the Sultan have decided the ma
jority to remain away from the annual
services that take place to-night.
They think that the ruler of the Russias
has shown a decidedly ami-Greek spirit
and they cannot consistently show re
spect for him by attending his church.
The Easter services of the Greek Cath
olic chuich are peculiar and have a par
ticular significance. Shortly after mid
night of the Saturday preceding Easter
Sunday the Bishop mounts the pulpit and
kisses the cross. Then the priests follow
him kissing trie cross and then the Bishop
and the congregation brings tbe ceremo
nial to a close by kissing tirst tbe cross,
then the Bishop, third the priests and
lastly hold a general kissing bee all
around.
This signifies "peace on earth, good will
to men," and local Greeks think It would
be farcical in view of the present condition
of affair-. They nave nothing against the
Bishop, in fact he is very popular with
most of the Greeks, but they have a griev
ance against the mainspring of thechurch
and will remain away from the institution
under his control.
Mitchell Vanvales said yesterday that
the Hellenic Mutual Benevolent Society,
of which ho is president, as * body
would not attend the Easter services at
the cathedral.
"Some of the members may feel like
gome," he said, "and no one will
object if they do, but it would not be
Siting in view of the Czar's actions to
ward our mother country to go as a so
cietr.
"We do not recognize the Russian
cathedral as our cnurcb and have merely
atteuded there because we have no church
of our own.
"I know one thing, however, and that
is that the Greeks of San Francisco will
have a ciiurcb of their own as soon as the
society ia In a financial condition to
build one and can get a priest out from
Greece."
Loyalty for the cause of Greece in its
struggle with Turkey still remains at an
enthusiastic pilch among the Greeks
living in this City and vicinity. Many of
them would be only too giad to juurney
to their native country and take up arms
for her, and would doubtless do so could
they raise sufficient funds to make the
trip.
"All who could afford the long and
i costly journey," said Mr. Vanvales, "have
I started tor Greece already. I mink about
twenty-five have gone to join the army.
The difficulty is that most of the Greeks
located out here are hard-working people
who have no bank accounts. If sufficient
funds could be raised we would send
about 200 more able-bodied young men to
figut the Turks, and they would prove to
bedashing soldiers, too. Our society has
but little money in its treasury, and this
is being drawn upon for sick benefits and
burial expenses; so you see we cannot do
as we would like to in the way of assisting
some of the patriotic ones to the scene of
the wai."
LABOR SPIRIT GROWING.
Andrew Furuseth Te Is What Ec
Saw in Many of the
States.
Workers Are G.-nerally Becoming
Alive to the Fact That Organ i
zation Is Necessary.
The San Francisco Labor Council held
an important meeting at its room", 1159
Mission street, last evening. A laiee at
tendance of delegates was present, as it
was known that Andrew Fnruseth, a mem
ber of the legislative committee of tne
American Federation of Labor, was to
explain what be saw at Washington, D. C,
and during bis travels through the East.
An invitation was received from the
International Federation of Ship, Doc*
and River Workers, which is to hold a
convention in London next June, request
ing that a representative be sent from
this City. It was referred to the Sailors'
Union.
A communication was received from E.
R. Bush, attorney for Worden, who is
sentenced to be handed June 5, statinc
that Governor Btidd's secretary bail
promised to call the Executive's attention
to the application for a pardon as soon as
the Governor should return from a vaca
tion, which he is now enjoying.
The pattern-makers reported that a
large Pittsburg concern bad reduced
wages 10 per cent and had increased the
hours from nine to ten. This, it was
thought, woald have a ten dency to affect
wages oveT the entire country.
The remainder of the evening was al
lotted to Mr. Furuseth, who trave a de
tailed history of the progress of all im
portant labor bills considered by Con
gress. The speaker had also traveled ex
tensively through the country making in-
J telllgent observation of labor mailers, and
I»EW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
speoaT!l\ders
SPRING GOODS!
To successfully close another great week's business in New
Spring Goods we make A SPECIAL OFFERING of the following
stylish and seasonable lines at
PRICES BARGAIN-BUYERS WILL APPRECIATE!
LADIES' WAISTS.
XA — LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
vJVH, WAISTS, "Stanley" make, de-
tachable collars, will be offered at
50c each.
7 K r -LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
IJt WAISTS, detachable collars, in
all fancy stripes and figures, will
be offered at 75c each.
£1 AH— LADIES' LAUNDERED DIM-
vJJI.W ITY SHIRT WAISTS, in all
the latest patterns, will be of-
lered at $1 each. '
£1 LADIES' FANCY DIMITY
iPI.vJU AND FIGURED LAWN
, WAISTS, in the very latest fig-
ured patterns, will be offered
at $1 50 each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES.
fift r -150 dozen 4-BUTTON REAL KID
UV V GLOVES, large buttons, black
only, regular price $1, on special
sale at 60c a pair.
7C r - 103 dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH
• MOUSQUETAIRE UNDRESSED
KID GLOVES, in dark and me-
dium tan shades, regular price
$1 25, on special sale at 75c a pair.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
Kf| r — 162 dozen MEN'S UNLAUN-
JUt DERED WHITE SHIRTS, made
of Utica Nonpareil cloth, with
double backs, re-enforced linen
fronts, felled seams and guaran-
teed perfect titling, worth $1, on
special sale at 50c each.
KOr- dozen MEN'S STANLEY AND
JIM, GOLF SHIRTS, made up in the
latest style and of new spring
shirtings, worth $1, on special sale
at 50c each.
KA^— 92 dozen MEN'S DERBY RIB-
Jut BED BALBRIGGAN UNDER-
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, in
new tan shades, shirts finished
with silt French- ribbed collar-
ettes and drawers double seated,
worth $1, on special sale at 50u
•ach.
EXTRA SPEIaTBARGAIs IN CLOAKS AND SUITS !
Qsr-~ LAPIES !, CIj OTH CAPES, braided and scalloped bottom, colors black, nary,
* **** green and tan, regular value $1 75, on |special sale at 95c each.
$3 7S- LADIES> CAPES, either velvet or silk, handsomely beaded, lined with
M/>-». m*s sjik, nec k finished w j fca j ace and ribbon, regular value $9, on special sale
at $3 75 each.
$ 1 50- LADIES ' CLOTH JACKETS, box fronts, half lined, assorted colors and
•p l %Cf\J tan mixtures, regular value $4 50, on special sale at $1 tO each.
$2 Q5~ LADIES> PLAIN TAN KERSEY JACKETS, lined with ailjc throughout,
*(/^. ilv i ron t and new sleeve, regular value $5 50, on special sale at $2 95 each.
$ 1 A C~ LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, in black figured mohair and colored checks,
*•* * • *tD lined and bound, regular value $2 50, on special sale at $1 45 each.
<2 af- LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, in wide wale black serges and fancy colored
l|; *'Vi) checks in assorted colors, double lined and bound, regular value $5 50 on
special sale at $2 95 each.
CA Cfl-LADIES 1 FIGURED SILK OR SATIN DRESS SKIRTS, large patterns
*p\j.o\s nnisbeJ seams, double lined and bound, reeuiar value $9, on special safe
at $6 50 each.
C 4 nc - LADIES' SERGE SUITS, fly front jackets lined throughout with silk
•P-4-* Vi) skirts lined and bound, colors black and navy blue, regular value £8 60 oi
special sale at $4 95 each. '
tm~ STORE OPEN SATURDAY EVENING UNTIL TEN O'CLOCK.
I Ml X MURPHY BUILDING, /
{/[/ Market Street, Comer of Jones, /
for this reason his report was particularly
interesting.
He reported that be bad found the labor
organizations in the Ea*t, especially in
New York, Chicago and Baltimore, to be
in first-class shape. In New York an im- |
portant step had been taken by the build
ing trades in organizing the material
men. The American Federation of Labor,
he said, bad recently granted a great
many National trade cfiarturs.
In the South he found labor organiza
tions in a less satisfactory condition than
in the East, but earnest and telling efforts
were being made to effect an improve
ment.
The recent decision in the Arago case
holding that sailors can be imprisoned
for desertion, he said, was attracting
great attention among humanitarians
generally, and lawyers held it the most
important decision affecting personal
liberty since the Dred Scott case. The
movement to re-enact imprisonment in the
coast trade, he reported, had been vigor
ously and effectually opposed by Senators
Perkins, White, Allen and HilL There
was a tendency, he found, among trusts
and certain capitalists to curtail ttie right
of laborers to abandon a contract. This
end was beine moved toward by what
purported to be anti-trust laws.
On the whole, the speaker said, work
men were generally throughout the
United States becoming alive to the fact
that they must organize.
Picnicker*' Paradise.
The San Francisco ana North Pacific
Railroad is now running its bi« steamer
Ukiah four round trips every Sunday for
the accommodation of the crowds visiting
El Campo. In this way they nvoid any
overloading of the vessel and are enabled
to insure the comfort of every patron. The
resort has been open for about seven
years and is now more popular thanever.
* u a °' au3t and wi uds, the extent
of the grounds and the many conveniences
provided for families who desire a quiet
place for a day's outing are certain to at
tract a large patronage.
Poni art made by machines which, seem
HOSIERY DEPARTMENT
LADIES' FAST BLACK COT-
TON HOSE, tan and new russet
shades, high - spliced b els,
double soles and toes, all sizes, 0~/»
worth 50c a pair, at *dO\j
LADIES' FINEST BLACK IM-
PORTED COTTON HOSE, tine
Maco yarn, plain and ribbed,
with white feet, regularly sold QQI/*
at 50c a pair, special at 00-jSj
New Spring, Fancy Two Toned
HOSIERY, plain and ribbed,
black boots, with uppers of pink,
sky, red, lavender, canary and <i) - n
Nile; our 50c quality at pair & '*Ij
LADIES'~BELTS, Etc.
LADIES' LEATHER BELTS, col-
ors tan, brown, green and black,
harness buckle, special prices t>X/»
25c, 35c and 50c each. £90
LADIES' FINE SATIN HOSE
SUPPORTERS, colors black,
light blue, pink, cardinal and
orange, button laitener; special OK 0
at -. .-. .pair. &OXj
REAL BLACK OSTRICH
FEATHER. COLLARETTES, f1j»9.00
18-inch ribbon ties, at $2, $2 50, V** —
$3, $3 50, $4, $4 50 and $5 each Up.
RIBBONS j_RIBBONS !
3J4-INCH ALL-SILK SHADED
TAFFETA MOIRE RIB-
; - BONS, in assorted colors, *){\(t
. value 30c a yard, will be of- £i\J\j
i ered at ■.....'. Yard
4-INCH ALL SILK SHADED
TAFFETA MOIRE RIB- f)Z n
BONS, in assorted colors, value &O\j
40c a yard, will be offered at. . '_ Yard
HANDKERCHIEFS.
LADIES* WHITE HEMSTITCH-.. .
ED LINEN HANDKER-
CHIEFS (slightly imperfect), in.
regular value $240 a dozen, will ' Al/O
be offered at :......... Each
LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCH-
ED LINEN HANDKER- -
CHIEFS (slightly imperfect), -I ~~
regular prn.e $4 a dozen, will -I£lt3
be offered at . Each
L.C-L.
almost to think. The steel la cut into rib
bons as wide as the length of one pen, and
these are fed to machines which cut out
the blanks, then fashion, stamp them,
split the points and place the maker's
name on the backs. The pens are now
complete, save the annealing, and this
forms a separate operation. After being
annealed they are counted and placed in
boxw. A machine has been invented for
performing both inese operations.
___ OTtW TO-PAT.
§82 to 525
Electric
Rp.lts
Our Customers. ilUllVl
We Guarantee our $25 Belt
better than the Belt others are
selling "■ for $4O to $50.
$4 TO 886.
GALVANIC OR FARADIC BATTERIES.
We are Agents tor a Dry-Cell l Batter., that Is tar
ahead of any in the market. Call and see it.
780 Toy TRTTSSZIS.
We have an immense stock and guarantee m
perfect lid . >„■'
$2.50 FACE STEAMERS
For the complexion. Just arrived. Bee them la
our window. ™
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
000 Market Street,
1 Houtb Bide, b«u iifiu and bum