VOLUME LXXXI.-XO. 148.
BRAVE GREECE
MUST NOW BE
HUMILIATED
Cold-Blooded Policy of the
Powers in Dealing With
the Hellenes.
CROWN PRINCE CONSTANTINE
IS RELIEVED.
Ignorance and Cowardice on the Part of
the Greek Commander Said to Have
Caused an Unnecessary Retreat
From Mati.
;Copyrlent«d 1897 by th» New York Sun.l
LONDON, ENG., April 26. — No humiliation is to be spared the
unhappy Greeks. The only mercy they will receive will be such as
the infuriated Turks may grant. The stern decision of the powers is
that no hand will be interposed on behalf of Greece until she humbles
herself in the dust and craves pardon and help from Christian
Europe.
Balfour, leader of the Government party in the House of Com
nnounced this cold-blooded policy in the House to-day in
milder words than these, but the meaning is the same and is fully con
firmed by news from other capitals.
Friends of Greece in London profess to believe she will retrieve her
fortunes, and they credit the disaster to inexperienced leaders. The
latter is apparently the belief also in Athens, for a change is just
announced in the Greek command, but the country has no military
leaders of proved ability. The best war authorities of Europe all
agree that Greece is now at the mercy of the Turkish troop.-.
There is some reason to believe, however, the Turk will soon
stay his hand. Latest dispatches from Turkish sources indicate that
Edhem Pasha has reached the limit of his instructions in capturing
Larissa, and the Sultan's real mentor did not intend he should go
beyond Thessaly. Unless, therefore, the Turks are intoxicated with
victory and break loose from Russian and German control, a halt will
soon be called.
CONSTANTINE RECALLED.
Relieved From tha Command of
tho Greek Army-Panic Among
Refugees at Volo.
ATHENS Greece April 2«.— A royal
decree h&s been issued recalling Crown
Prince Constantine from command of ihe
Greek army in Thessaiy, together w;th
his entire -taff. Premier Delyannis had
several lone conferences with the King
last eren-.nz, the results of whic:i are not
made public.
News received from Volo is of a most
serious character. Upward of 10,000 panic-
Firicfcen refueees are assembled there.
They expect Edhem Pasha will attempt
to capture the town on account of the im- I
mense quantities o: Greek stores accumu
lated there. The Government has sought I
to allay the panic by pointing out the
presence of tue Greek fleet, which the j
authorities say is abundantly able to as- i
sure protection.
Premier Delyannis has issued a state- I
ment describing the situation and in
forming the public the alarm felt in regard
to the safety of the refugees and other
occopanta of Volo is needless, as there is
not tin sliehtest reason to fear the Turks i
will occupy the place now that 40,000
Greek troops are occupying Pharsaia.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Turkey. April i
26. — The Greeks are fortifying the town of
Vei«Btinos, near Volo, fearing the Turk*
Trill attack the latter place. It is said
mnofa credit for the success of the Turkish j
operations is due to Seifullah Bey, for- !
merly l'arkisli Consul at Volo, who knows !
the territory of Thessaiy and rendered !
valuable service to the Turkish forces by
bis description of the topography of the I
country.
LONDON, Exg., April 26.— The Athens
correspondent of the Daily Mail says Colo
nel Bmolenitz has been appointed chief of
§taff in Thessaiy. The dispatch adds, the
engine, with a teieeraph clerk aboard, has
been sent to Larissa to learn the condition
of affair? there. The correspondent rte
clares there is an air of mystery in the I
whole matter, and that it is insisted that
.Larissa has not yet been occupied by the
Turks.
REVEALED BY RALLI.
Cowardice and Incapacity of Con
stantine and Stobb Caused
the Disaster.
ATHENS, Gbsbcb, April 26. — Ralli,
Jeader of the ojijjo>ition, arrived from the
front last nielit. He makes the startling
statements of utter confusing ignorance
and lack of plan characterizing the con
fleet of the war. He declares the country
hag been the victim of a series of deplor
able blunders which have demoralized the
arruy, and vehemently condemns the at
tempts bf the ilinisters to hide the bitter
truth from the people. Colonel Smolen
i'.i'i appointment as chief of staff was
made to satisfy Ralli, who threatened to
Luaea proclamation exposing the farce of
the military organization.
LONDON, Exc, April 26.— The Tele
graph's correspondent says in an inter-
Tiew Raih declared all the Greet army
was not yec at Pharsala. Some detach
ruents are wandering about the plain of
The-saly, liable to be cut up by the Tnrk*.
Ralli attacked the royal family, «ay:ng un
le«e the court keep 3 well within it* own
B#6ua*i rovinca the reaults will be de
The Call
j plorable, not only for persons, but for the
,' dynasty itself.
A dispatch to the Standard from Athens
i describes the feeling there as one of pro
| found discontent and disappointment.
: The people are pntihed by the statement
that the Crown Prnce has been recalled.
The populace ascribes the disaster to the
i blundering of tne royal family. The pos>
■ tior. of the latter is undeniably critical.
1 The correspondent says he is credibly
! assured an arrangement has been made to
enab.e them to leave the country with
speed if necessary. The populace is de
manding that they be armed. They wouid
not tamely consent to a conclusion of
peace.
The Times' Athens correspondent, tele
graphs that some person-* believe that
Ralli aims to lill the roil of a Greek Gam
betta and has already succeeded in con
centrating public attention on himself.
In an interview with the Times' corre
spondent he denies there was any real
battle at Mati and accuses the Crown
Prince and staff of cowardice and inca
pacity. He details the mistakes made in
Friday's enpagemeat, including an error
which caused the foreien legion to come
in contact with the squadron of Greek
cavairy, believing tl;e latter were Turk?.
The foreign legion fired upon the Greeks,
thus increasing the panic. One Greek bal
talion, entering Turnavo aiter the Turk
ish occupation, was compelled to surren
der. Ralli estimates the entire Greek loss
since the outbreak of hostilities at 2000
killed and wounded.
GREAT ARTILLERY DUEL.
Vivid Description of the Fierce
Fighting at Matl, Where the
Greeks Blundered.
LONDON, Enq., April 26 —The corre
spondent of the Daily New" with the
Greek army sends a dispatch from Tur
navo, dated Friday, giving a d scription
of the lighting between Mati and Dereh,
and estimates the Turks who participated
at over 12.000, while the Greeks oniy num
bered "000. Tue latter were re-en;orced
by 5000 in the eveninp, but it was then too
late to share in the battle.
The Greek headquarters was on a hill
at Kriiiri. near Miluuna Pass. The in
faniry lay concealed tw-hind the hill. The
enemy first made a combined cavalry and
infantry attack, but was repulsed with
little difficulty. Then began an artillery
duel which lasted, with few intermissions',
from 8 o'clock in the morning until 5 in
the evening. Continuing, the correspond
ent says:
"For hours I he air was full of screaming
shells, chiefly shrapnel. Fortunately
for the Greeks the thousand odd shells
fired by the Turks resulted in barely
twenty casualties Toward 8 o'clock in
the afternoon it became evident that the
enemy had withdrawn the artillery into a
ravine at Ligaria. Tie Greeks' mountain
battery, under command of Captain
Piako«, especially attracted the enemy's
fire. Bhel:s rained upon this devoted
band, which occupied the extreme Greek
left and which, ignoring the Turkish rire,
continued shelling Gritzovali with ad
mirable precision.
"Indeed, a special feature of the duel
was ;he surprising steadines* of the Greek
batteries, in which, with shells bursting
around, I rtid not see ■ man start or horse
plunge. About 3 o'clock the enemy* ri re
began to come only from Ligaria. The
SAX FK AX CISCO, TUESDAY MORXING, APRIL 27, 1897.
ALL MEN HONOR THIS HERO'S MEMORY.
During the Dedication of the Monument to General U. S. Grant
There Will Be the Grandest Military, Naval and Civic
Parade Ever Witnessed in This Country.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 26— All New York blossomed like a flower-garden to- I
day. Hags and bunting decorated the hotels, stores, clubs an<i houses, and gayly
i appareled soldiery made gorgeous the sidewalks and roadways. There was every
Kind of soldier this Nation affords and a pretty considerable smattering of foreigners.
All arrangements for the dedication of the monument to General Grant on River
side Drive tc-morrow are complete. There will be one of the grandest military,
naval and civic parade? the country has ever witnessed. It is nearly twelve years
since General Grant s body was placed in the temporary vault at Riverside Drive.
Tlie raiting of the fund has been largely due to the unflagging real of General Horace
Porter, chairman of the monument committee, now Embassador to France. General
Granville &!. Dodge has been chosen grand marshal of the parade, which will be
memorable in the annals o; the Republic Governors of nearly all the States will De
present in person or proxy.
The G. A. R. will send post after post from ail quarters of the country. The en
tire National Guard of New York, 13,000 strong, ana of New Jersey, will take pa-t,
and Pennsylvania will send 5000 men and nearly 10,000 members of uniformed veterans
of the war. Ten thousand more In civ.c bodies of all kinds will swell the total to at
Uast 50,000 men, who will pass in review. About 4000 regular troops, including half a
dozen batteries of artillery, will be in line.
The programme calls for the movement of the line at 10:30 a. m. The exercises at
tho tomb will oecin between 11 and 12. It Is expected the exercises will be finished
by 12:30, irhen lunch wiil bf> served to 500 or more euestf. The services at the tomb
will be simple. Mothodis; Bisiiop Newman, General Grant's former pastor, will make
the opening prayer, and then General Porter wiil turn the monument over to the city.
Mayor fctronp wiil receive it. President McKinley will deliver an address of eu
logy.
The nava! parade, of which New York has become fond of l»te years, will be an
important feature. Great Britain will have two warships in line; Italy, Spain,
I Mexico, Germany and France one each. The following American ships wiil take
part: The cruiser New York, the flacship of the squadron; the Columbia, Maine.
Texas, Amphitrite, Puritan, Fern, Dolphin, Ericsson and Porter, in addition to the
Brooklyn and Indiana.
In the evening the fleet will be illuminated. All the boats will pass up the river
and fire salutes in front of the tomb. After reviewing the land forces the President
will review the fleet, which promises to be nearly as extensive as that of the Colum
bian parade of 1893.
Prosident McKiuley, accompanied by his wife, Cabinet and the whole diploma
tic corps, arrived this afternoon in a sp?cial train escorted by Squadron A in gor-
Greeks turned tiieir fire exclusively in
that direction, firing battery volleys,
thinkins the crmy was concentrating
there and hoping to pound them up
a_a:nsl a craggy ascent of the Miloutia
Pass, but under cover of this ostensible
artillery re'reat the wily Turkish intantry
rushed rapidly nlong tiie foot of the
mountains toward th« entrance of Tempe
Pass and occupied the village of Derail in
time to forestall General Marromichaiis,
who was marching on the village with two
infantry batallions and three squadrons of
cavalry.
"Mavromicbalis thereupon retreated
precipitately without faring a shoi. Al
most concurrently with his retreat the
commander at Los Faki heliographed to,
geous uniforms, and were driven rapidly to their hotels amid the cheers of thousands
gatnered along the route. Among tlie first of the reception committee at the
Pennsylvania depot was Cuauncey M. Depew, to whom was piven the task of taking
care of the British Embassador. When the train arrived there was considerable
confusion until the members of tne reception committee could find the guests al
lotted to them. Whitelaw Reid took charge of Patenotre, the French Embas
sador, and the Mayor's secretary (Hedges) of De Lome, the Spanish Minister. The
president ot the Board of Alderman (Jorolman) had a dreadful time. The Aus
trian Mioister had been allotted him, out could not be found. Jerolman rushed
around with the hat on the back of nis head piteously inquiring for his charge.
He did not find him until the ferry-boat was reached, and after that he did not al
low Minister yon Hengervar to get out of arms' reach.
President McKinley wore the usual black and seemed bright and cheerful, al
though dark rings around his eyes showed the strain of office and office-seekers has
had its effect. Leaving the majority of the narty at the Fifth-avenue Hotel the
President and suite were driven to the Windsor, over which the President's flag
floated for the first time in a New York Hotel since 1832, when Jackson was here.
President and Mrs. AlcKinley went direct to their rooms. Mrs. McKmley was ex
hausted by the journey and the excitement of the reception, and word was given out
that the President would see no one. But the President counted without his host.
Senator Hanna appeared and was ushered into the President's apartments. Then
there was mu«ic to me tune of "Dixey," by the Stonewall Brigade band of Staunton,
Va., heading a camp of the Sons of Confederates, which stopped in front of the hotel.
This is the band whose members Grant told at Appomattox to keep their instruments,
and to them was given the honor of serenading the President. They were cordially
received by McKinley. The President will stay here until Friday. All the rest of the
party will return Wednesday forenoon.
General Grant's rive surviving classmates at West Point were dined to-night by
General James Grant Wilson. They are General Christopher Augur, General William
Franklin, General Samuel French, General Joseph Reynolds and Rev. Dr. George
Deshon. The Confederate Gen-rals Buckner and Lor.estreet also had a paity. Henry
Irving to-day cabled to General Porter: "Love and greeting. All honor to the mem
ory of the great soldier, statesman, patriot and friend which you celebrate to-day."
The busiest piaca in the immediate vicinity of the to mb to-day was the pavilion,
where the official luncheon will be served, immediately north of the tomb. Two
hundred men and girls have b2en at work there three days preparing food for
the luncheon. They worked all to-night, making 30,000 sandwiches, 25,000 chicken
croquettes and cooking 17,000 hams in addition to the preparation of several barrels
of coffee.
Larissa that the TurKs were making a cir
cuitous movement to outflank him and
bis retreat would be cat off unless be was
immediate. y reinforced. These two move
ment*, threatening to outflank the
Greek army at Mati on both sides, in
duced , the headquarters at Larijs i
to order a general retreat, which
began about dark, despite the fact that
several battalions of infantry and three
batteries of artillery, including one com
manded by Prince Nicholas, conld be
seen crossing the plain from Turnavo to
reinforce the troops. This decision caused
consternation among the troops, who
were utterly bewildered by such a step in
Continued on Seeonti Fagt,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
REFUGEES
FLEE FROM
HONDURAS
Americans Fail to Get
Protection From the
Consul.
DRUMMOND, THE DARING
REVOLUTIONIST.
With a Little Army of Foreign
ers He Is Trying to Cap
ture the Republic.
HAS OFTEN ROUTED ALL THE
REGULAR FORCES.
Now the Bold Filibuster Is March-
Ing to the Capital City to Fight
a Decisive Battle.
NEW ORLEANS, La., April 26.— The
steamer Breakwater arrived to-day, bring
ing the latest news of the Honduras revo
lution. The vessel aho brought several
American refugees. They compiain that
Dr. Miller, the American C'onsui at Puerto
Cortez and San Pedro, is not vigorous
enough, and allowed the commandant at
Puerto Cortez to carry things with a high
hand over the American railroad conduc
tors and employes there and threaten
them in his presence.
The revolutionary movement, the Amer
ican passengers say, is directed by ex.
President Desoto, who is said to be in
Belize, ready to land in Honduras wben
the occasion is promising.
The attack on Puerto Cortez was sudden
and vigorous and took the Government
completely by surprise. Tue attacking
party was composed mainly of American*
and Englishmen, led by an Englishman
named Drummond. The party was well
armed with Winchester rifles and had two
Gatline guns, to which much of their suc
cess was due.
Drummond became involved in trouble
at New Orleans and Mobile recently for
shippine rifles in bales of hay to Guate
mala. He then took a hand in tb? Cuban
revolution, and finally inspired Desoto's
revolutionary movement. Oniy fourteen
men were in the revolution at the begin
ning, but they were determined men.
They were nearly all foreigners, and when
they appeared befoie C*bildo and opened
tire the Government forces, tiOO in num
ber, fled to the Koods.
Enriched by the custom-house receipts.
Drummond and his army captured all the
neighboring villages, attacked tho town
of San Pedro, where Government forces
300 in number were put to flight, and
captured two entire trains and loco
motives. Findinjr a large proportion of
the population dissatisfied *vuh the
Bonilla regime, Drummond and his army,
now swollen to 1000 men, started last
week to Tegucigalpa. The revolutionists
expect to gain recrufts on the march and
appear before the capital with a consider
able army, deciding the fate of the re
public by a big battle there.
GOMEZ ON THE AGGRESSIVE.
Two Large Forces of Insurgents Prepar
ing to Invade Pmar Del Rio — Star
vation and Fnancial Chaos.
HAVANA, Cuba, April 26.— Cuban Gen
eral Mayia Rodriguez is marching to in
vade the province of Pinar del Rio with
3000 men. He was seen yesterday between
Batabano and Guines, near the military
line made there by the Spaniards to pre
vent his invasion. A big battle is expected.
Rodriguez is acting under strict orders
from Gomez to make the war lively in the
west of the island, while he harasses the
strong Spanish columns in Santa Clara.
Another strong body of insurgems under
Genera! Alejandro Kodriguez is also mov
ing to the west in order to protect the ad
vance of the other column.
Much comment is occasioned by an ar
ticle in Diaria de la Marina, in which it is
asked how the Government can meet be
fore the end of the year the war expenses
and general obligations of the treasury.
The article is founded on an official
report of the condition of the island,
which shows that all the revenues
of the island this year will only amount to
$15,000,000 in gold, silver and paper
money. On interest of the debt alone the
Government will have to pay $30,000,000
in gold, and in addition the expenses of
the army, navy and other items of the
budget. The deficit will be more than
$100,000,000.
Fifty persons died yesterday from hun
ger in Sancti Spiritus and forty in Csrde
nas.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 26.— One
of the most carefully planned expeditions
left for Cuba Sunday night from Sea Isle
City, N. J. A supply of arms and ammu
nition left New York Saturday on lighters,
and was placed aboard the tug. Off Atlan
tic City a party of Cubans and Americans
was picked up.
Further alon;: a steam launch put out
with another detachment. These and the
sapplies were all safely transferred to a
black painted steamer, which quicKly
started south.
The expedition carries a Hotcbkiss gun,
nearly 5000 rifles 120 000 rounds of ammu
nition, iOOO machetes, a lot of medicines
and whai is known as an experimental
flyinsr machine, to be adapted, if possible,
to the use of dynamite.2
MRS. LEASE HURLS
A DEFI AT JELLEY
Denies All the Charges
of Corruption Made
Against Her.
Says Her Accuser Is a Poor
Old Lobbyist, a Pitiful
Wreck.
Ex-Governor Lewellinsr Told the
Truth When He Said Ho Was
the Victim of Conspiracy.
WICHITA, Kanp., April 26.— Mrs. Mary
E. Lf ase gave out an interview to-night
legarding the charges of corruption that
have been preferred against her by ex
fcenator Kelley. He charges her with sell
ing out to the Republicans, embezzling
Slate funds, etc. Sue makes a sweeping
denial of all charges, and says:
"Poor old fellow. To touch him or no
tice him in any way would, be like exhum
ing a corpse thai had been buried so long
that decomposition had set in. Kelley is
either being paid for attacking me or else
he is trying to resurrect himself. The
article of mine at which he takes umbrage
did not even mention his name, but by
rushing into print in this manner he ad
mits his guilt. He is just a corrupt lobby
ist, and anybody c-n have his services
who will pay for them. Kelley is a wreck,
a pitiful wreck.
"I have no ill feeling toward him. for I
no not hold him responsible for this at
tack. The real animus of it is tliat be
has been hired by the same outfit :hat is
trying to dowu ex-Governor Lewelling,
ex-State Chairman Brodenthal ana his
corrupt henchmen. They realize full well
that I, with a f«w trusty friends, were in
strumental in breaking the slate that had
been fixed for the Abeline convention —
Harris for Governor and Brodeuthul for
the United States Senate. I divided their
forces and they were compelled to drop
Harris and compromise on Leedy. The
political fixers knew this and also that
unless they can succeed in utterly destroy
ing Lewelling he will assuredly be the
next Governor of Kansas.
"Lewelling uttered a God's truth when
he said that be was the victim of a con
spiracy, and he mieht have added that,
knowinzly or unKnowingly, he had at one
time been used by this same cane of con
spirators for the purpose of getting me out
ot their way. The same weapon tbat
brought me safely out of the contest will
be ail that will be ot any avail to Mr.
Levelling in the right that is being made
upon him. If he is right he will tri
umph."
Mrs. Lease denied the story that she is
going to leave Kansas.
GREECE MUSI NOW
BE HUMILIATED,
Continued from First Page.
the hour of apparent victory. Various
repiments were scattered by companies
over the battlefield when the order for re
treat arrived, and as me order was urgent
the retreat became very disorderly.
The sudden retreat of the Greeks vras a
surprise to everybody on the Turkish
staff. The latter expressed astonishment
ihat the Hellenes should relinquish the
defense of a position in which they were
strongly entrenched, and which appar
ently was tenable against a larger fores
than the Turks possessed. Ralli in Ath
ens confirms the reports that the staff or
dered the retreat without reason. Sol
diers are asking despairingly, "Why
hhould we retreat? We are not beaten."
The Turks did not pursue the Greeks.
They were not prepared for a pursuit, not
• ■.reaming after a single engagement that
Thessally would be left at their dis
posal. Ralli put-s the total Greek loss at
100 killed and 300 wounded.
ATTITUDE OF NEUTRALITY.
England, However, Willing to Do
Everything Possible to Mediate
Between the Combatants.
LONDON, Ew., April 28.— The House
of Commons resumed sittings to-day,
after the Easter recess. There was a
very small attendance. Sir William Har
court asked tha Government to i eiir.e
their policy in regard to Turkey. Baifour,
First Lord of the Treasury, said tne Gov
ernment, like the rest of the powers, had
agreed the attitude of neutrality was de
sirable. When occasion arose, he added,
they would do everything possible to me
diate between the combatants.
In regard to Crete Baifour said that the
powers had determined the littoral of that
island should be neutral. The Foreign
Grace throughout the afternoon has main
tained a constant interchange of dis
patches with the diplomats of the powers.
The reported advance of the Greets
upon Janina has been arrested and Colo
nei Manos, commander of the forces oper
ating in Epirus, has returned to Ar:a.
The Turks declare there is not a single
Greek soldier in Turkish territory. A
dispatch from the headquarters of the
Turhish army near Turnavo says after the
retreat of the Turks was begun EJhem
Pasha seated in a tent abandoned by the
Greeks said in French to a war correspond
ent, "It is finished."
Edhem Pasha posted sentinels at the
doors of Greek churches in Turnavo and
kept strict order everywhere. All the
Greek prisoners were treated humanely.
Edhem hoped to entrap and crush the
GieeKß, but a Greek priest, hearing the
Albanian troops sinking as they advanced,
gave warning to Prince Constantino that
it was time to retreat.
ATHENS, Greece, April 26.— 1t is ex
pected the Greek fleet will immediately
begin the bombardment of Salonica. The
Frencn cruiser Tronde and the Italian
warship Sardegna have hurriedly sailed
from Crete for the Gulf of Salonica.
To Negotiate Direct.
PARIS, France, April 26.— The Berlin
correspondent ol tile Figaro telegraphs it
is Bemi-officially announced that Greece
will not accept intervention ol the powers
and is preparing to negotiate directly
with Turkey.
DES MOJJ*JES» IV tilt KAMPART.
I'tissrt All Frerioaa Flood, Mario and
Doe% Orrnt l.'amage.
OTTUMWA, lowa, April 26— Though
it was thought last night that tue worst
of the flood was over, tbe Dcs Moines
River passed ail flood ruarks during the
night, and up to noon to-day was nfteen
inches higher that in 1892, when great
damage was dune. Of tue six railroads
only two, the Wabash and Fort Madison,
are running regular trains. The Rock
Island is completely tied up, while com
munication between Chicago and Denver
is cut off. Miles of railroad track is un
der **ater and bridge approaches are gone,
in several parts of tne city the residence
stxe?ts are under two to twelve feel of
waitr. Tiiree hundred families ure home-
Jess. The rivpr is five miles across in
some places and its force is tremendous.
BIG SHIPMENT CF GOLD.
In Doing So a New York Firm Violates
the /greem;nt Made by Foreign
Bank mg- Houses.
NEW YORK, >'. V., April 2ft— Mailer,
Scball ifc Co. witndrew to-day from the
United Srates Assay Office $977,000 in gold
barsfor shipment to Bremen by the steam
ship Trave to-morrow. The immediate
effect of the withdrawal was thedissolution
of the agreement recently entered into by
large foreign banking-houses not to export
gold until the price for the demand for
sterling bills reached 48S^. The order on
which the gold was snipued reached this
city Friday. It came hr*t to Heideibacn
lckelrnier & Co., who declined to execuie
it, giving the agreement as a reason, but
Muller, Schall »fc Co. to whom the order
next carve. made arrangements Saturday
to ship the gold, placing the bills at the
highest, rates obtainable. Th ir corre
spondents will stand any possible loss on
the transaction and pay a commission in
addition.
The Dills were sold chiefly to Lazard
Freres, another firm in the agreement,
who were much surprised when they dis
covered it had been Hiding in the arrange
ments for shipments of gold. Members
of foreign bankinc houses, who are parties
to the agreement, expressed surprise at
the action of Muller, Scball <fc Co., and
went so far as to call it a "breach of
faith."
On news of the dissolving of the agree
ment between the foreign banking houses
the sterling exchange market weakened
to-day, with actual closing rates for de
mand sterling at 457?^ anu 483. It is re
ported, mc uding the amounts already
announced, that gold exports for the week
would probably aggregate $3,000,000. The
existing premium for gold abroad is be
lieved to be an important factor in caus
ing the gola shipment at present when
there is a decided trade balance in favor
of this country. In London the bar sell
ing price is 77a llj^l to 7Sa an ounce,
which is virtually a i w rniuni of Id.
IO JIAJSi; SVGA.R BEETS.
Capitalists Organize to Operate in Sortli-
ireitem Ohio-
TOLEDO, Ohio. April 26.— Five local
capitalists have organized the Toledo
SuKar-Beet Company, with a paid-up cap
italization ol" $400,000, for the sugar-refin
ing business and cultivation of the sugar
beet in Northwestern Ohio. The names
of the capitalists are withheld pending tbe
tiling of the incorporation papers, but one
of them who admitted the company's
formation said:
"The new company ha? been carefully
studying the soil conditions of North
western Ohio, and the Agricultural Bureau
has furnished us experimental reports to
tbe effect that our soil and seasons are
both admirably adapted to sugar-beet cul
tivation."
It is also said tbat an expert from Ox
nard's California refinery bus given the
compuny all the necessary information re
garding the construction of a plant.
Al K.I 1 U Ati J-IXAXCZER.
Indebted to the Wr'c.ked Globe Savings
Hunk $Vi,OOO.
CHICAGO, 111., April 26.— The Benate
Committee appointed to probe the case of
Ex-Treasurer Spaiding bat been busy all
day. The most important disclosure is
tho fact that ex Governor Altgeld, at the
time the Globe Savings Bane failed, was
a debtor to the bank, either directly or as
a guarantor, in the sum of $32 L 46. H's
total indebtedness was at one tune $20,000
greater, but had been reduced, snowing
that $50,000 had b«»en either advanced to
him or loaned on his indorsement since
the bank opened.
The bank's cashier, Churchill, who was
on the witness-stand most of the day, ad
mitted that he was ignorant of the ordi
nary methods of banking.
GESERAL bECJCK I A.UIEB 31EET.
An Organization Conipotott of Salaried
O Hicert vf the Y. M. C. A.
SELMA, Ala., April 26. — Following the
recent international convention of tho
Young Men's Christian Association at
Mobile the annual conference of trie Asso
ciation oi General Secretaries of North
America opened Here to-day.
Commercial Trarelem Make a Losing.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. April 26 —Mem
bers of the Commercial Travelers' Mutual
Aid Association received circulars to-day
announcing that it would be necessary to
make a special assessment upon them,
giving as the reason the fact that Ben H.
I'rather, secretary and treasurer, wassliort
in h";s accounts. Kis shortage is about
?5000. Praiher was clerk of the lower
house of the Legislature during the recent
session.
rPolie Gnard a Spanish Cruiier.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 2fi. - Th«
harbor police has beep, ordered to guard
the Spanish cruiser Maria Teresa, fearing
attempts of Cubans to blow up the vessel
with a torpedo. Minister De Lome got
Assistant Secretary of War Roosevelt to
formally ask the local polics board for
protection. The cruiser is detested by
Cubans as a terror to filibusters.
Confidence 1$ Being Hentored.
BOSTON, Mass, Apri. 26.— Ktdder, Pea
body & Co. announce that they will ship
next Thursday $V) 0,000 in gold, the first
local consignment of the season. The ex
port movement seems based solely on
DUBiness lines, with an entire absence of
the disquieting uncertainties of last year.
four'Liret Foolishly Sacrificed.
CUMBERLAND FALLS, Ky., April
26.— 1n order to frighten ihe girls Matt
McKeo rowed a boat so near the Parks
milidam that it was carried over. The
whole party, consisting of the men and
Maggie and Minty Sneperd. were drowned.
J V3TIM Mo V ■■* Hi H i It IIA G.
Mas Won Fain* m Author and Member
of Parliament.
LONDON, E.vg.. April L"G -Justin Mc-
Carthy, a member of Parliament and a
distinguished author, is reported to be
dying. His family are at his bedside.
Justin McCarthy has fur some years
been prominent among British authors
of tiie day. He was born in Cork Novem
ber 22, 1830. His first literary experience
was as a reporter in Liverpool in 1*53.
Later he went to London ami there grad
ually Lecame known as a writer of merit.
He came to America, spending several
years in this country. On his return to
Englan ■ in 1879 he was returned to Par
liament as a Home Ruler, and so well did
his writings and sp-pclies please his con
stituents that in l£Bo he waa re-elected.
McCarthy* best known work is "A His
tory of O.ir Own Times," which ranks as
an authority in many colleges and schools.
"Lady Judith," "A Fair Saxon," and
"Dear Lady Disdain" are amon^ his most
popular novels. "A History of the Four
Georges," which was issued in 18S4,excited
some leeling In England because of Mc-
Carthy's unconventional way of treating
these royalties. McCarthy's son, Justin
Jr., is the only member of tbe family who
has inherited the father's literary talent,
he being slightly known as a playwright!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1897.
Map of Part of Greece, Showing the Principal Routes to Athens
From the Northern Frontier and the Gulf of Patras on the West.
With the Greeks' navy in control of the coasts and the nature of the country
traversed by the roads from Larissa to Athens considered, the Tursish army is very
far as yet in point of time, if not distance, from Greece's capital city. From the
frontier to Larissa, and even as far as Pharsala. the advantage afforded by the char
acter of the country was with the Turks. From the frontier to Lariss:i their march
was down hill all the way, and with the numerous roads traversing the ' Thessalian
Piain" in every direction between Larissa, Trikala, Karditza and Pharsala they could
easily flank and cut off any Greek force attempting to make a permanent stand on
the way from Larissa to Pharsala. Not so is it below, however. The plains of Thec
j saly are bordered on the south and west sides by the foothills of the Orthrys and
I Pindus Mountains, making a natural barrier, which, starting with a heicht of from
j two to four hundred feet, slops backward and upward to the crests of the parent
! ranees.
Two good roads lead from the plains over the Arthrys to Lamia— one from Kar
■ ditza on the west, which ascends the valley of the Sophaditikos River, and the other
j the main road to Athens. These two come close together in Phourka Pass, something
| over LWO feet bigb. Here are strong fortifications commanding both roads and
! flanked by others at intervals for some twenty miles or more commanding every road
'■ crossine the ranee. On the right the precipitous character cf the mountains, which
| continue to ascend until they culminate in the paak of Guokavani, over 5509 feet high,
; admits of but few roads, and these not practicable for wheeled vehicles.
Pharsala lie 3 on the southern side, nsar tae extreme eastern end of the plain,
j whic is there about live miles broad and traversed by tha Empeios and Fharsalitis
i rivers, and at the foot of a spur of Knassidiari Mountains, which rises from the
j edge of the town very abruptly to a height of 380 feet. Strong by nature, tlie position !
commanding the ascent of the hill can be male impregnable.
The lines at Pharsala can be successfully defended by half the number of troops
! required on the line north of Larissa, with proper generalship. Lamia lies at the loot
I of the Orthrys on the northern side of the level plain of the Sphercheios River, and
i within live miles of the coast. From it the road to Athens crosses the nver and plain
|to Thermopy!;* 1 . In the days of Leonidas there was here an easily closed defile not
! over fifty feet wide. Now there is between the mountains and the a plain one to
three miles broad, formed by the deposits of the Sphercbeios River and several moun
tain torrents, and by action of earthquakes which have changed the course of the
river and tbo shore line. It is still a very defensible Place, not only from the heights
overlooking the plain, bnt by vessels in the culf and the channel of Talontas. and
likewise for mile 3 beyond until the road leaves the coast, and even then all the nar to
' Thebes it is full of natural facilities for disputing tbe passage of a hostile army. The
same may be said of the other road which, leaving Lamia in a southerly direction,
crosses the mountains to the valley o! the Mavro Neri River, and which it follows to
Thebes, there joining the main roai.
Should the Turks succeed in forcing the Greek lines at Pharsala and getting to
Lamia and beyond, their progress will necessarily be very slow. Cut off from Salonika
by sea, they will have to maintain a lone line of communication by land which will
require the protection of quite a large number of troops, and the further they come
i the greater will te this disadvantage, which the Greeks should be prompt to make the
> most of.
In case of necessity tbe Greeks can brine thair army from Arta and Epirusina
j very short time to Edbeni Pasha's front or to Athens, by sea to the eastern cxtrem
; ity of the Gulf of Corinth or to Patras and thence by rail, or from Arta to Maupaktos
by land and thence east by water or rail.
"With the aid of their fleet the Greeks should ba able to hold Volo and keep open
, the line of railroad by Velestino to Pharsala.
THEODORE HAVEMEYER DEAD.
From an Humble Beginning He Became
the Greatest Sugar Refiner
in the World.
NEW YORK. N.Y., April 26.— Theodore
Havemeyer, vice-president of the Ameri
can Sugar Refining Company, died at 3
o'clock this morning from a sudden at
\ tack of typhoid fever, following a two
| weeks' siege of the grip and eenerally
j shattered health, His death was totally
! unexpected by the outside world, although
I intimate friends had known for a week
hi 3 illness was dangerous. Not until Sun
day night did the physicians believe the
! patient beyond hope.
Mrs. Havemeyer is a devout Catholic,
and knowing the end was near her hug
band requested that be be baptized into
that faith. A priest baptized him five
hours before he died. H. O. Havemeyer
heard of his brother's dangerous condi
tion Sunday evening at his home in Stam
ford, Conn. He chartered a special train to
arrive in time. Havemeyer was 58 years
of age and all his life had been identified
with the sugar interest. He entered his
father's refinery when a boy and worsed
with other employes. Step by step he ac
quired a perfect knowledge of each branch
of the business until, when his father died,
he was competent to tt:ke entire charge of
the business, whicli he practically did. H.
O. Havemeyer took the financial branch
and Theodore the refinery. Under the old
firm the title was Havemeyer &. Elder,
and the brothers became the greatest su
gar refiners in the world.
Since the establishment of the trust the
deceased had the entire supervisou of all
practical details of the refineries operated
by the company. His fortune is estimated
at about $20,000,000.
A Speedy Xaral Paytnatter,
NEWPORT, R. 1., April 26.— Paymaster
Corwine of the United States navy was
arrested by the naval authorities to-day
and taken to the War College, where he
was formally charged with embezzlement,
scandalous conduct, desertion and mak
ing fraudulent reports. He was released
on parole till Wednesday, when the court
martial convene. He is accused of mis
appropriating $10,000
Hilled Bit Child and Bimirlf.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 26 —Richard
Webber shot and killed his little four
year-old daughter to-day and then com
mitted suicide by shooting. Webber had
been out ol" work for some time and had
become despondent. He had threatened
to kill himself, and evidently decided not
to leave the child to the mercy of others.
Ihx Corcoran Will.
BOSTON, Mass., April 26.— The hearing
of the Corcoran will case, assi ned for
to-day, was put over to May 18, tlif t Dan
iel and HannahCorcoran of Sail Francisco,
the contestants, may appear.
STILL BALLOTING FORMALLY.
Kentucky's Senatorial Muddle Apparently
No Nearer Solution Than It Was
Months A lO.
FKANKFORT, Ky., April 26. -Only a
formal ballot wa3 taken for Senator to
, day. For the present the gold Demo
crats refuse to help the Republicans to
make a quorum. They have agreed to do
not;. ing further until Wednesday, when
it will be demonstrated whether or not
Deboe can win. If Lieberth stands firm
and shows that he has help the cold
Democrats will confer and probabiy try to
bring about Senator Martin's election. If
otherwise, the gold Democrats will allow
Deboe's election by making a quornm,
and thus bring an end to the long struggle
that is costing the 6tate $1000 a day.
Deboe's rivals threaten to upset his
prospects to-morrow by provine that De-
Doe has secretly pledged himself to vote J
for free silver.
FOR jrjsii CVLIVBE.
Florida's Governor Arranging for an
Important Contention,
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 26.— The
Governor of Florida is arranging to call
for next January at Tampa a convention
in the interest of fish culture, and has
sent an agent to Washington to consult
wita United States Fish Commissioner
Brice as 10 the feasibility of the project
and to get his co-operation. Commis
sioner Brice will preside and every State
will be asked to send delegates. The chief
object of the convention is to discuss the
question of keeping streams and rivers
stocked with fish. Commissioner Brice
will send a special agent to Florida to
consult with the Governor.
JBOSXOS'H Hi: A I 1 IMPOKTB.
Last ff>ofc>* Jiuainnam Two or Ihrte
lime* Itei/onil the formal.
BOSTON, Mass,, April 26.— According
to custom-house fignres the value of im
ports al Boston for the week ending Satur
day was 710.593 — between two and three
times the normal sum. No such amount
has been received in one weelc for many
years. So far this. year coods valued at
535.234.039 have been received, aeainst
$26,002,320 for the same period year.
Oruinanly the exports exceed the imports
by a substantial margin, but last week the
value of merchandise sent out was only
$2,103,182. The great in:port of totals is
due to the receipt of extraordinary quan
tities of wool and su^ur, and the week
beginning to-day is expected to show
about as big a record.
*>ru> Way of Faffing Old Ztebt*.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass.. Aprir26.— Mrs.
Clara E. Condon, formerly a school
teacher, was arraigned in the police court
to-day charged with poisoning Mrs. Lu
cinda W. Hunt, a widow, 60 years old, to
avoid paying & $500 debt. She was held
for trial Fndav.
THE TARIFF BILL
ABOUT COMPLETED
Californians Working
for the Interest of
the State.
Making a Strong Effort for
Increased Duty on
Fruits.
A Conflict Between Growers and
Manufacturers Over tho
Wool Schedule.
WAfeHINGTON, D. C, April 26. -The
Californians, re-enforced by telegrams
from John D. Spreckels, /rank McLaugh
lin, Colonel Otis and prominent citizens
and commercial bodies in all parts of Cal
ifornia, are still pegging away at the
Finance Committee in an attempt to in
crease the duty on California products,
especially fruits.
The Republican members of the Finance
Committea expect to Jay the result of
their revision of the Dinpley tariff bill be
fore the full committee during tne present
week, provided the organization of the
committee snail be completed. Those en
gaged in the revision have been very reti
cent touching the changes made, am this
policy has been followed simiily to avoid
the annoyance and importunities that al
ways follow when details of a revision of
the tariff are made public. They admit,
however, that many changes have been
mace and that as a rule the chances are
on a descending scale. Increases have
been made, but these are not numerous,
and as a rule have been made upon the
demands of Senators whose votes were
considered to be contingent upon securing
the desired change;.
The wool schedule has not been per
fected and it is not likely to be until the
bill reaches the Senate. The conflict be
tween the growers, the manufacturers ana
those who claim to represent the consum
ers can only be settled after a protracted
struggle and discussion in the Senate. It
might be determined in the full commit
tee, but such a result is not anticipated.
Lumber, coal, su^ar and lead ore sched
ules are also unsettled.
There is a proposition that the bill
shall be brought from the Finance Com
mittee without the usual detailed exam
ination and consideration, and that the
time for talcing up the bill in the Senate
shall be determined by the Democratic
members ot the Finance Committee. The
purpose of this movement is lo avoid the
importunities that would follow the pub
lication ot the bill v ben 'laid before the
committee. It is the desire of the Repub
lican managers that the bill shall come
from the committee to the Senate with as
few changes as possible and within the
shortest possible time.
When reported to the Senate those per
sons who are dissatisfied with its pro
visions and desire to eS?ct changes will be ;
obliged to apply to the Senate, and in
this way the members of the Finance
Committee would be relieved of impor
tunity. It is doubtful whether the Demo
cratic members of the committee will con
sent to surrender any advantage and de
prive themselves of the privilege of becom
ing familiar with the provisions of the bill
and the reasons that impelled cbangest n
rates simply to relieve their Republican
colleagues from the importunities of the
business men who are to be affected by the i
proposed changes Moreover, with the j
Finance Committee depending for a ;
majority upon the vote of one member
who is not in full accord with t.'.e Repub
licans, the Democrats see and appreciate ■
the advantage of their position, and will
naturally insist that the "measure shall be
regularly con>idered in the committee.
There are several leatures of the bill
which the Democrats and several other
Senators in opposition desire to bare
eliminated. One of these is the retroac
tive section. It would be easier to knock
this out in committee behind clos d doors
than to do bo In open Senate. Whether
the Democrats will consent to the bill re
ported from the Finance Committee with
out the usual examination and consid
eration will depend upon the changes
whicn the Republicans will consent to
have made before it is reported.
BELGIAM MJMSTEit UTOBEK.
Hi* Jjipointm-n' UinUtrb* the Plans of
Several Slatetnakers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 26.— The
long-expected nomination of ex-Congress
man Bellamy Siorer to bo Minister to
Belgium went to the Senate to-day, thus
putting a quietus on De Young's pros
pects, as predicted in The Call.
Some of his friends now say: "De
Young did not want to go abroad, any
how." But it is a case of sour grapes.
Toe selection of Bellamy Storer for the
Belgian mis-ion has disturbed several
slates that had been fixed by Senatois and
Representatives. For example, ex-Rep
resentative Aldrich of Illinois was bsing
urged for the Belgian mission, and in ad
dition to the I.linois delegation had the
powerful backing of Speaker Reed. Mr.
Aldrich was the "arithmetic man" for Mr.
Reed during the ante-convention period
and performed for the Speaker similar
Bervice, but not so effective as that per
formed for Major McKinley by Repre
sentative Grosvenor. For this personal
labor and devotion to his Presidential in
terests Speaker Reed desired the Presi
dent to reward Mr. Alurich with one of
the best foreign missions, and as the Illi
nois man selected Belgium he was pushed
for that place.
Now comes Bellamy Storer with the
Belgium plum, requiring that Aldrich
shall seek elsewhere in the diplomatic
orchard for the desired fruit. This brings
him in contact with others in tearch of
diplomatic appointments, and in conflict
with Senators and Representatives with
"claims" npon th't President much
stronger than those of Mr. Aldrich and
his friends. Whether Aldrioh will be
able to break through the lines of those
who have been directing their efforts in
securing the missions to The Hague, Den
mark, Switzerland, Portugal, Norway and
Sweden remains to be seen.
The Russian mission is still at the dis
posal of the President, but so far as can
be ascertained there are no very strong
and anxious claimants for a four years'
residence at 'he capital of the Czar. This
isa tirst-class mission, with a salary equal
to that of London, Paris and Berlin, but
St. Petersburg is an expensive capital, and
its climate la undesirable to one who has
spent the years of his life in tho temperate
zone. Hence, there are fewer applicants
for that than for any of the smaller Eu
ropean missions.
As a matter oi fact, no man caa affoid
to accept one of the first-class mission!
and represent the United States witn
credit and dignity who is not posses-ed of
large wealth and who is not willing to ex
pend from $25,000 to $50 COO per annum.
Until Congress makes proper appropria
tions for the payment of Erubassadors
and Ministers to foreign countries, poor
men and men of moderate m°ans, no
matter what their merits and qualifica
tions, are practically excluded from the
diplomatic service, so far as the principal
missions are concerned.
Tiie salary of an American Embass&dor
is $17,500 per annum. The British Em
bassador to th* United States is allowed
for additional expenses a sum twice that
allowed an American Embassador for
salary, and in addition the fornief is fur
nished with a large and commodious
residence, servants, etc.
INDIAN NUiiDEREfiS CONFESS.
They Gve the Ghastly Deiails of tfis
S/auhter of Rsv. Thomas Sp cer's
Family.
BISMARCK, N. D., April 26-Paul
Hoiytrack and Philip Ireland, two Indian
boys from the Sioux reservation have con
fessed the murder o: Rev. Thomas Spicer
and family near Wmona, in Emoions
County.
John Spicer, a brother of the minister,
while driving by the place February 17
entered the house and discovered the body
of Mrs. Ellen Walderdon, SO years of ace,
in the parlor. In tne next room he found
the body of Mrs. William Rouse and her
twin boys, ail murdered with an ax and
iheir throats cut. In the farmyard he
found the body of Mrs. Spicer stabbed with
a pitchfork. The body of the Rev. Thomas
Spicer was shot in the back and the head
crushed beyond recognition witn an ax.
The boys say their comrade Black
hawk, a nesro halfbreeri, shot the Rev.
Mr. Spicer as he was entering the barn.
Mrs. Spicer was called out and stabbed
by another Indian, Coudit, with a pitch
foric. The two boys killed Mrs. Walderdon
witii a club and Coudit assisted in the
murder of Mrs. Rouse and the babies.
After securing $13 and some jewelry all
The murders are in tne military jail at
Fort Yates, surrounded by a " strong
guard. The excitement among tbe s>ei
tlers is intense and lynching is feared.
SPALHI\G'S I i ABLE PLIGH.J.
Neither JZata JV'or Bl**p* and !>eems on the
fertfo of Innanity.
CHICAGO, 111., April 26.— The condi
tion of Charles W. Spalding, formerly
president of the Globe Savings Bank and
treasurer of the University of Illinois, is
most pitiable and unless something can
be done to quiet him he will undoubtedly
become insane. On Saturday he was or
derclinto the custody of the Sheriff and
was tafcen to th* County Jail. A warrant
had been issue i for his arrest on a charge
of ?ml'czz.ing $100,000 from the university
and he had been unable to secure $-50, 000
bnil, the amount required.
Up to the time of His actual committal
ho had maintained an appearar.ee of com
posure, but when he entered his cell he
broke down completely ami since that
time has neither slept nor eaten. He
seems on the point of collapse, both
physical and mental, and frequently
breaks down and cries like a child.
Spaldicg's friends say that his present
unfortunate position is due largely to his
infatuation for his typewriter, Sarah
Louise Krvin, for whom he deserted his
wife and family. The necessary bonds
would have been given to secure his re
lease if i c had consented to leave the
woman, but he refused to do so.
B.UXTIXQ tOB A. t StUKDESEB.
Armed Men of Alabama Who Would
Expedite tftiitiee.
BIRMINGHAM, ala., April 26.— A
hundred armed men are scourine the vi
cinity of this city to-day in the hope of
finding Robert Payne, -who killed Mrs.
Lulu Tyres yesterday. If caught the man
will probably not have a chance of appear
inc in court.
Yesterday Payne went to the house of
Mrs. Tyres ior ihe purpose of killing
James Alexander, an enemy of his, whom
he knew to be there. He stepped into the
house and opened fire on Alexander, but
missed him, and his first shot struck Mrs.
Tyres, wno was seated with h r family at
the dinner table. Mr 3. Tyres' deatti was
instantaneous.
Payne fled, and up to this time has not
been captured. The community is ereatlv
stirred up over the matter, and little
mercy will be shown the murder»r if
caught.
OPENER FIRE.
QUR BUSINESS IS TO SELL GOODS AT A PROFIT. WE GENERALLY
y succeed in doin E so, though at a very small one nowadays. Sometimes we
buy goods at half their value or less; at other time* w- bay more than we iind a
I ready market for, and have to cut prices to sell, as everyt ing in the store is on the
move, and we intend to keep it so by low prices, good service and nrst.qualitv geods.
\N c name a very short Jist of articles at short prices, but could favor you with hun-
dreds of such bargains on application. Our terms are cash. This means a good deal
now. We expect to pay you to rustle up the money.
Icecream Freezers- -" . . $1.88 i Little Oxfords, 8 telii'- .. . 25c
This is the great White Mountain Fre'zer. D:~ Apj pah a*-
f%rafo ngwVh it familjr use: 50 ncen Balt ! Bigeer Oxfords, Stoll - • • -856
2-Onarfc Kmn Misse Oxfords, IIUo 2 ' . . 50c
-•^liart UippCrS 5C i These seem like a good Sboe and are cer-
These are strong Galvanized DippTs: sell taln.y very pretty. Tney'll all go out In a
ever/ where at 15 cents; last and last few days, price is such » temptation. A
aggSg- __ few dozon girls' hisjh .shoes left at 50 cents.
Beans, per lb - . - ... .2c Risses ... . - lft ,
Two or three kinds of best quality for tarn- ! lUa f, C * " , -•>•;• lOC
ily use— for table or to p ant. They will We BO ' a barrel an! more as soon as we
soon be hlgben. ■»*••* «"» mentioned them, but have rustled np more,
• -iV:.; ; and will let ihern go, as before, at 10 cents'
lingsford's Stareli, 3-lb box ■ . 18c ! aquart> Howra ' n
t™ B Jo^?^2iV 35 oars^" IJSSl JSS Boston Gowns * * • • •••856
ana quit ou that size package. Tnese are our own make, either dark or
l!?nt, and will distance aDy wrapper in the
¥_,„. i 1 n . . . , , race for morning wear. ■ -'-< . '
Imported Pickle ..... > 12?, C T ™» *»»»•*•« — ■;.
These are not pony-size bo-.tles. but re-ular " TcllMttS .-......- §<}
quari bottles, an:1 o OU '" be surprised the We undertake to say our Tablets, either
quality ; not over 20 cases to Offer; 35-ceut " note or letter size, will surprise you that we
sizeelseunaie. oiier »t 5 cems, or tf for cents. • i *
Atmore's Jlineemeat .... . 25c j Business Coats T7 . . . $1.00
Koe 3 too Beth?8 e th?i a [i^«" C n, P Ckftße '- buc 1 hese are a medium-weiehtcasslmere coat.
hcu«^?irin^r. ,Lr m « Of year t0 sult a summer color. Will b* hard to convince
double quick pace." m ° VeJ ever " bln S "" * | StiJSl 8 tha thBy arC ° Ot a bargßi "
First-Floor Goods. Second-Floor Goods.
ci e D P r a Wlttner> 20 bars 7Cc : Girls' Underwear. be»t we've seen.. 5o
bft iScnVes^w^gVt:-::-:::^ ; S&aS^&SSSS^SS
K^p'^^r^:!:::::::::::::: 1^ l»fefe«2£ :::::::::::: 3
Milk Strainers, tin. 150 kind 5c Int. per bottle, school use
t resh Butter, per square, 16 oz. 2Oc I Handkerchiefs! more^day oniy.V.V.;;.".;;;;; lc
Goods deUTered twice daily— any p»rt cttv
CTMWff' ree dem > «n r , > ir t O l 8 town. T "
■m /IS W5 1 'r r<ie dei »" ll9 atlon c.f lre« to'all^ho call
wfa. sSJUß&iwff i L" * 1 *'" 1 <oHI> «' *erT#>d irer to all' who call
■m, tMnlm f»? r f 18 ll "- ckprt «n1 Telephone Vre L
VTO Wr' Uming-r...,!,, ou sixth floor.
pr.°.i". k; -oor» r mint &tr whmt *
Address— The Big Store at the Ferry— MARKET STREET.
ATLANTA`S BIG
ARMY SCANDAL
Interesting Testimony Is
Given at the Romeyn
Court-martial.
Escapades of a Lieutenant the
Cause of the Breaking of
an Engagement.
O'Brien's Wife Declared to Be Unfit
fop Young Men and Women
to Associate With.
ATLANTA, Ga.. April 26.— There wts a
sensation in the Romeyn court* martial
this itornitig when it was announced that
Mrs. KimbalJ, wife of Lieutenant F. V.
Kimball, had gone away to escape being
called to the witness-stand.
Romeyn insisted on tier testimony, and
the court agreed she should be brought
back i! found. Her husband was on the
stand to-day ana there was a hot fight be
iween the Judge Advocate and Romeyn as
to his right to testify for his wife. The
War Department has a man hero investi
gating Romeyn's counter charges against
O'Brien.
From the moment Miss Nina Romeyn,
daughter of the accused, took the stand to
testify in her father's behalf the attention
of the spectators was enthralled until tbe
adjournment.
The testimony of the two preceding wit
nesses, Captain Bowen and Lieutenant
Kimball, was merely a rehash of the wit
nesses if the past three days, expressing
general disapproval at the garrison at the
relations of Lieutenant Bamford and Mrs.
O'Brien.
Miss Romeyn testified that she and Barn
ford had been engaged for over a year, and
her father, acting jointly with her, had
broken off the engagement on account of
the scandalous attentions Bamford was
bestowing on Mrs. O'Brien. She said:
"I have frequently seen him leave
O'Brien's house late in the evening when
all the lights were out. 1 knew Mrs.
O'Brien was unfit for any young man or
woman to associate with, for In the pre
ceding summer she told me she considered
a young man had a perfect right to fall in
iove with a married woman. Batuiord
made several desperate attempts to marry
me secretly. He was deeply in debt and
feared he could not avoid a court-martial
very Jong."
WHECH.t.I) I'ftO COSCERXB,
Startling Development* in the < assin
Defalcation Ca*e.
ATLANTA, Ga., April 26.— Startling de
veiopmems Have succeeded the reported
compromise in the Harry A. Cassin defal
cation case. Twenty-four hours ago Cas
sin, by his own confession, was short in
his accounts $45,000. Up to to-ni^ht an
amicable settlement seemed possible. Now
a meeting of the board of directors of the
crippled inst tution has discovered that
the alleged amount of shortage will be
multiplied several times, and that another
prominent official is implicated. A re
ceiver has been asked. This action pre
cipitated the application for a receiver for
the United Stales Bond ComDany, which
has branches in about 400 cities, the bonds
of which have been reearded as gilt-edged
securities in prominent centers of tee
North. Inspection of the books shows
mat the affairs of both concerns are in a
frightful condition.
Formal Se**ioni of Both Home*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20— The
House to-day held a purely formal session.
Many of the members had gone to New
York to attend the Grant exercises, and
under the arrangements of Friday after
the readini of the journal an adjourn
ment was immediately taken until Thurs
day. Less than fifty members were pres
ent.
The Senate held a short session, which
was poorly attended, and formally ad
journed until Thursday.QUEEN`S JUBILEE
SPECIAL ENVOY
Rear-Admiral Miller Is
to Represent This
Country.
Embassador Hays' Court Cos
tume Causing Some
Discussion.
Cold Lace and Brass Buttons Sild
to Bo /bout the Proper
Caper.
WASHINGTON, 0. C, April 26.— 1t is
understood that Hear- Admiral Joseph N.
Miller of 'he navy lias been selected
spocia! envoy to represent the United
States at Q ueen Victoria's jubilee. Ad
miral Miller was r?cently ordered (o re
lieve Admiral Beardslee from the com
mand of the Pacific Naval fcMation. Last
week the orders directing lieardslee to
return home in May were revoked and his
tour of duty on the station extended until
July. The revocaiion is due, it is now
■said, to the intention of the Government
to send Miller to the jubilee. By detail
ing an officer of the navy to attend the
function the Government will, in a meas
ure, avoid embarrassment over any ques.
tion relating to the proper official uni
form to be worn by the representative of
the I* nited States.
Miller is entitled to wear a uniform of
the lushest grade in the naval service,
and will probably look as well a- any high
functionary of other countries, despite
the more modest showing of gold lace
and absence of decoration?.
At the coronation of the Czar last year
M:iior-General McCook represented the
United States as special envor, and wore
the uniform of his rank. Minister BrecK
inridge, who was obliged to attend the
coronation, had no military rank, and re
ceived a polite hint from the Russian
Government that he would bo expected
to appear in something a little more
showy than conventional evening clothes.
Breckinridge communicated with the
S - ate Department, and Cleveland and
Olney linally made a concession to the
monarchical ideas of the Czar's aress cen
sors by agreeing that Breckinridge could
wear .-omething less somber. The Min
ister appeared in a coat with long tails,
decorated with metal buttons, and knee
breeches.
No suggestion concerning an appropri
ate costume for Embassador Hay at the
jubilee has been made by the British
Government. It is unlikely that Hay
will receive a hint like that given Breck
inri ige. The British court has been very
lenient with representatives of the United
h-taies on the uniform question. Once,
while Buchanan was Minister to Sr.
James, there was a slight friction over the
decision that he must wear silver-buckled
pumps on state occasions.
As in the case of the lately mooted sub
ject of embatsadorial precedence, the
Btate Department avoids the issue, but
some officials of tiie department believe
tin C tne matter of gold lace and brass bat
tons for civilian dipoinatic representa
tives of the United States will soon come
to a crisis where a final decision will be
necessary.
FACTIONAL FEUD ENDED.
Suspended Knights of Labor Assemblies
Are Again Taken Into the General
Organization.
Washington, d. c, April 26.—Gen
eral Secretary-Treasurer Hayes of the
Kni/jhts of Labor to-day reported as a re
sult of his recent visit to Pittsburg a set
tlement of the fight which has lasted
about three years between the General
Assembly and District Assembly No. 3,
Independent Order. This will increase
the membership of the Knights by about
20,000, and. it is said, wipe out the exist
ence of the Independent Order, which has
bren a source of considerable annoyance.
Hayes declares that within the past
year the Knights have doubled their mem
bership. Last week District 30 of Boston,
numbering 10,000 members, was rein
stated. The Southern miners have also
come baci into the order, and new dis
tricts have been orsanized in lowa, Michi
gan and Indiana. Last year only fifty- j
nine delegates Here seated in the Generai j
Assembly. Now he says more than a
hundred delegates are entitled to seats,
meaning that the order has gained more
than 50,000 members.
vxiold vii i.i <t *s ixrozren.
Chtcago'* Lake Front Came Before t.and
Committionrr Herman.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ADril 26.—
celebrated McKee scrip case from Chicago,
which involves the title to lake front prop- j
erty of untold millions, and upon which !
the homes of many of Chicago's leading
men are erected, came up to-day before
Commissioner of the Land Office Herman.
This is the case in which the decision of
former Commissioner Lamoreaux of Wis
consin, in favor of tne scrip-holders, was
set aside by Secretary of the Interior Bliss,
immediately after the latter's induction
into office, under circumstances that cre
ated something of a sensation.
At that time ex-Secretary John G. Car-
Jislo had agreed to accept a retainer of
$20,000 from the scrip-holders, but since
looking into the case he has decided to
leave it alone, upon the ground that it
■would not be proper for liiiu to appear a»
counsel in a matter that he had indirectly
b*en concerned in while a Cabinet officer.
If Commissioner Herman poe«s into the
matter in detail, as he is likely to do, the
hearing will be a prolonged one and may
be replete with sensational developments.
IMPORT A^T StiMIS ATIOfiS.
The JPrendent Send* a Batch, to the
Arnnte fnr < Of flrtnation .
WASHINGTON. D.C., April 26.— Among
the nominations sent to the Senate to-day
were: William R. Day of Ohio, Assistant
Secretary of Siate; Bellamy Storer/ of
Ouio, Minister to Belgium: Cassius M.
Barnes of Oklahoma, Governor of Okla
homa Terrilory; Frank G. Deckabarh of
Washington, to be Register of the Land
Office at Olympin, Wash: Receivers of
Public Moneys— Jonn O. B. Scobev at
Olympia, Wash.; Porter Warner at Rapid
Ciiy, if. D. Agents for Indians— Asa C.
Sharp of Maryland, at the Ponca-Pawnee
agency, Oklahoma; Thoma-> Richards of
Xorth Dakota, at the Fort . Bertbold
tigenry; William H. Meyer, at the South- J
crn Ute agency, Colorado. Henry Brady \
"f Colorado, to be melter of the mint at
Denver.
HOLD MllJ-V t- ■■ r.s ABRVAIt.
Hotc Treasury Vffici-l* Account for the
ll*"Cfl till <rr. v- i
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 26.— N0
Information In addition to the notice of
Saturday from As&istantTriasurer Jordan
has been received about the heavy with'
drawal« of gold from the sub-treasury at
New York. The department presumes
that the gold was withdrawn to-day, in
order that it mioht be shipped abroad to
morrow. It is believed the gold is going
to Japan or Austria.
Part of t lie Chinese indemnity fund was
placed to the credit of the Japanese Gov
ernment in Lomion, and Japan has been
drawing heavily on this Icr several wrek?.
Last Saturday Japan withdrew £25,000
sterling gold from the Bank of England.
It is said at the treasury that the move
ment oi gold toward Vienna indicates that
Austria will soon go on a gold basis. This
is practically but not entirely accom
plished. Large shipments of gold have
been made from London to Vienna, and
London is probably seeking to replenish
from the United States.
TjITTJjIS MOtttJ i'UAX A. FARCE.
Turkish Authoritlr* tsnm in Prosecuting
J.enx'm Munterm.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 2H. — Min
ister Terrell has informed the Staie De
partment that the Turkish Minister of
Foreign Affairs has promised a:i appeal in
the case of the men acquitted of the kill
ing of Franit Lenz, tlie American bicy
clist. "Notice of the aeuuutal of the al
leged murderers at Erzeroum was re
ceived a few days ago. The trial was little
more than a farce. The accused had been
released on bail, although the charge was
murder, and were i.ot present at the trial.
Under the TurKnh law the prosecuting
authority is given the right to appeal.
According to all accounts tbo young bicy
clist was wantonly murdered, and Minis
ter Terrell has been active in attempting
to secure the punishment of his assassins.
His efforts have been hampered by the
In the Pavilion at Finger's Grove, Where the Redwood City Odd Fellows Dance i With Their Gujsts, the
Native Sons and Daughters.
fact that the United State Consuls at
Erzeroum has been refused an exequatur
by the Turkish Govarnment. and any
thing he does has no official force.
Tahiti* Insiirrrction*
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 26.—
Phillippe Edouard Marsan, a Frenchman
just arrived from the island of Tahiti, in
the South Seas, reports to Washington
officials that the insurrection of seven
weeks ago was only quellad by the arrival
of a French war vessel and a British gun
boat. The mnlcontent!" of the island, who
complain of the taxes levied by the French
republic, have formed a confederacy with
a disreputable refugee class known as
''beach combers," and this last party is
the disturbinj* element tbat is constantly
advocating a change of government. The
insurrectionists want either autpnomy or
annexation to the United States. They
believe that the island would be a strate
gic point for tho United States in time of
war.
Hrrl.'Uy-, m ru> Military Instructor.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 26.— 8y
dnection of the President, First Lieuten
ant Sydney A. Cloman, Fifteenth lufan;ry,
is detailed as professor of military science
and tactics at the U uiversity of California,
Berkeley, California, to take effect August
14. He will report in person on that date
for duty accordingly ami relieve First
Lieutenant Frank L. Winn, Twelfth In
fantry, wiio will then proceed to join his
company.
Bulgarian Pronrription of Jew*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April
ficial information reached the Navy De
partment to-day that tho Government of
Bulgaria had issued an edict prohibiting
Jews from entering the country. The rea-
Mons for this action are unknown, bui
they are supposed to be in consequence of
the Russian proscription.
Peace in South Atneriet.
BUENOS AYRES. Argentine, April
K M.— It is understood here tnat the Gov
ernments of Chile and Brazil have entered
into an alliance with a view to the main
tenance of peace in South America.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1897.
REDWOOD`S GUESTS
ENJOY AN OUTING
Sons and Daughters of
California Royally
Entertained.
Attend a Picnic Held by the
City's Hospitable Odd
Fellows.
Pleasure Displaces Business After
a Brief Session of the Grand
Lodge.
KEDWOOD CITY, Cal., April 26.-Red
wood is giving the glad hand to the Na
tive t>ons of the Golden West. Every in
coming train re-enforces the delegation
already assembled. Arxommodatioi.s, so
far as rooms aro concerned, seem to be
exhausted, and cots may command a
premium within the next twenty-four
hours.
There is a pretty fight on for grand
orator. This position is four annual
] blocks removed from the presidency of the
i State organization, but a custom estab
j lished some fiveyears ago decrees tbat the
I president shall ascend to the grand ter
i minal station through the way stations of
grand orator, grand lecturer and grand
vice.JgMany alert sons contend that an
i orator should be chosen for his ability to
! orate on September 9 without reference to
I the qualities that should adorn the presi
dential chair, but the custom honored in
the breach bids fair to be honored in fu
j ture observance.
Judge Davis of Amador is here con
ducting the campaign on behalf of R. <j.
Rust of hi* county for orator. C. M. Bel
l shaw, ex- Assemblyman and himself an
I orator of no mean pretensions, is on the
i ground holding aloft the banner of Frank
I L. Coombs of Napa. Mr. Coomb* was
Speaker of the Assembly of the last ses
| sion of the Legislature and was highly
; recommended lor the office of United
j States Minister to Japan. To u-<e a politi
cal term, il may be said that Mr. Coombs
was "turned down" in Washington, but as
politics cannot enter the Grand Parlor of
i the Native Sons, the Napa orator may be
j elected to the office to which he now as
j pires. Judge Davis, however, is supremely
j confident that h.s candidate, Mr. Rust,
I will win out.
The panic, a mile from town, this after
noon, was really an Odd Fellows' affair,
and perhaps something a little in the line
of politics may have been introduced on
emerald sward under the branching oaks,
I but nothing of the kind i% permitted in
! the Grand Parlor.
When the State organization was called
to order in the Alhambra— the beautiful
house that Page Brown designed and C.
I Josselyn built— l4o parlors were repre
sented and 230 delegates responded to the
call of the roll. Henry C. Gesford, ex-
State Senator and gr«nd presid nt, pre
sided with grace, di.-nitv and firmness.
Leonard S. Calkins of Nevada City was
appointed official reporter of the sessions.
' As Mr. Calkin* is a newspaper man who
i guides the destinies of tlie Nevada City
j Transcript the scribes sent here for duty
i may approach him on terms of easy
1 familiarity. In an emergency, whicu
might present itself during the penic sea
son, Calkins could do all tbe work for the
urban as well as the suburban press.
Nevada City is aspiriue. Not satisfied
witii the honor already granted r.f enter
taining the Grand Array of tbe Republic
in 18!)8 Calkins and his legions are shont
ins: that tiie Native Sons of the Golden
West must 50 to th%t place next year. The
chances are that the mountain town will
capture the prize.
\V. W. Shannon of Sac Francisco was
elected minute clerk of the session. A
committee on credentials was appointed,
consisting of John P. Finn, Rincon N<>.
72; W. F. Chapman. Halcyon No. 146;
Eu McCabe, Watsonville No. 166 Other
committees as follows were announced:
Finance— D. L. Fitzgerald, W. D. Shea, Henry
Lleheontein.
Priming— Charles E. Mooser, R. W. Martin,
W. A. Kine.
Laws and supervision— F.usene F. Bert, A.
Riuiii^h, Ben F. Woollier, E. A. Freeman, An
drew G. Mnguire.
Mate of order— C. M. Belshnw, Benjamin
Graves, T. M. Church, M. F. Dooling, W. J.
Hawkins.
Appeals and grievances — Georpe E. de Golla,
F. H. Kerrigan, F. A. Cutler, A. E. Miller, J. F.
Coffey.
Petitions— deorge A. Oakes, F. P. Wehe,
Samuel Schiller.
Returns— W. F. Prisk, Louis Nonnenmann,
W. L. Dunn.
Liter* lure— F. P. Cady, J. J. McMahon, A. W.
North, A. W. Fei'ller, A. E. Boyntou.
Legislation— H. G. W. Dinkenspeil. W. B.
Cope, John T. York, ri. W. Laugenour, Leonard
B. < Hlkins.
Ritual- Frank L. Coombs, James D. Phelan ,
L. W. Juillard, Lewis F. Bylngton. P. V. Long.
Transpi>rtation— George H. S. Drydeu, Guy
P. Hull, Joseph Cumnikig.
The board of srand oflicers selected for
grand marshal H. K. McNoble of Stockton
in place of W. B. Nutter, resigned. As
everybody wanted the picnic tbe Grand
Par for— praises be to its wisdom! — ad
journed until to-morrow.
Tbe following delegates are here and re
sponded to the rollcoll to-day:
Past Grand Presidents H. Clay Chipman,
John 11. <irady, A. F. Jones. John A. Stein
bacl), Fr.d H. Greely, Charles W. Deck-r,
Charles H. Oaroutte, M. A. Dorn, Frank D.
Ryan, Wiuiam U. Miller, R. M. Fitzgerald,
Tiiomds Flint Jr.. J. L. Greany, Jo D. riproul;
Junior PaM Grand President Frank H. Dunne,
• irand I'resident Henry C. Gesforu, Grand
Vice-President Ceorge D. Clark, Grand S-ert;
--tary Henry Luußtedt, Grand Treasurer Henry
S. Martin, Grand Lecturer W. M. Conley,
Grand orator Frank Mattison, Grand Marshal
11. R. McNobe, Grand Inside Sentinel CO.
Dunuar, Grand Outside Sentinel Joseph D.
Norris; (irand Trusrees R. C. Rust, Frank L.
Coombs. J. B. Blflke, Ml'.tou 1). CUrratt, P. E.
Zahaia, Hod W. Church, Frank Sabichi.
California No. 1, San Francisco— W. w. Shan
non, J. J. Jamison, Harry Lachman, James F.
Dockery, W. !>• shea, o. L. hlackmau.
Sacramento No. 3— Theodore G. Eilers, Wi'.-
Ham V. Kelloge. Edward H. Ba'.see. A. E.
Miller.
Marysville No. 6— G. A. Morris, J. M. Mor
rlsey.
Stockton No. 7— Gus G. Grant, A. J. Turner,
George E. Cans, I". K. Mnnthey.
Argonaut No. 8, Oroville— B. A. E. Boynton,
J. W. Braden.
Placervlile No. 9— <ieorge E. Pierce, William
Wilktnaoa.
Pacific No. 10, San Francisco— James D.
Phelan, Joseph K. Hawkins, D. L. Fitzgerald,
J. It. Kropp.
Humboldt No. 14, Eureka— O. D. Stern, F. A.
Cutler.
Amador No. 17, Sutter Creek— C. P. Vioinl.
Areatft No. 20— Roy P. Nelllst, Frank M. Lls
com.
(hico No. 21— John J. Cahil), O. C. P. Good
speed.
San Jose No. 22-J. S. Williams, C. J. Belloll.
San tfateo No. 28— W. B. Lawrence.
Yosesiite No. 84, Merceti— Joseph Goldman.
Sunset No. -l>, Sacramento — W. W. Greer,
Emit Steinnian.
Santa Rosa No. 28— L. W. Jullliard, J. M.
Laughlin.
Golden Gate No. 29. San Francisco— William
A. King, H. C. Pasquale, D. E. Davis.
Woodland No. 30— E. B. Hayward, H. W.
Liinzenotir.
Excebior No. 31, Jackson— John F. Davis, E.
A. Freeman.
General Winn No. 32, Antioch— C. to. Bel
shaw, C. F. Montgomery.
lone No. 88— F. M. Dun lap.
Shasta No. 35— C H. Behrens.
Mission No. 38, San Francisco— John Porcher,
Sol Jacobs. John R. Aitken.
BoUao No. 39, Buisun— J. J. Pfisler, E. D.
Dinkelspiel.
Bilker No. 42, Bakersheld— B. S. Brundage.
Fremont No. 44, Holhster— M. T. Dooliug, W.
E. Hawkins.
Los Angeles No. 45 -A. Ramish, E. G. Hook
straien.
A i« niodft No. 47— A. W. Keerber, C. M. Day.
Plymouth No. 48— S. K. Davis.
ban Francisco No. 49— Frank Marini, J. F.
McGeough, Charles R. tleverin.
Oakland No. 50— J. Cal Ewiug, J. J. Allen,
H. N. Gard.
El Dorado No. 52, Han Francisco— W. J.
Hawkins. L. B. MaTer. Jo M. dimming.
Grldley No. 54— J. F. SehaeflVr.
Yuba No. 55, Smansville— William A.
O'ririen.
Hydraulic No. 56, Nevada City— David E.
Morgan, Leonard S. Calkins, (ieorire A. Bailey.
Qdhrtz No. 58. Grass Valley— W. F. Prisk,
James C. Tyrell.
Auburn No. 59— L. L. Chamberlain, H. C.
Hervill.
Dixim No. 60— Edward McFadyen.
Los O.«os No. 61, Sau Luis Opibpo— l. Lasar,
H. E. McKennon.
Silver Star No. 63, Lincoln— F. B. Clark.
Mount Tamalpala No. 64, ban Kafaei— John
P. Beed.
Waisonville No. 65— D. F. Matter, Edward
McCabe-
Redwood No. 66, Redwood City— P.
Hull, Joseph V. Coney.
calaveras No. 67, £an Andreas— D. E. Red
mond.
Rincon No. 72, San Francisco— L. K. Hagen
kamp, George H. S. Dryden. John F. Finn.
Invincible No. 74. Anaheim — Arthur L.
Lewis.
Stanford No. 76, Sun Francisco — D. C. Mar
tin. F. H. Kerrigan, W. H. bleberst.
Valiejo No. 77 — A. Browne, J. F. Dein
inEer.
Friendship No. 78, Camptonyllle —E. C.
Grover. . ...
Gilroy No. 81— W: H. Stayton.
Fhlo Alto, No. 82, San Jose— A. R. Under
wood. '
Granite No. 83, Folsom— James P. Lofrae.
Yerba Buena No, 84, San Francisco— Fred W.
Lees, Joseph K. O'Donuell.
Sierra No. 85, ores t Hill— J. A. Wills.
McLane No. 80. Cali*toga— Benjamin Grauss.
Mount baily No. 87, Weaverrille — R. E.
Cochran, R. W. Suller.
Golden Star No. 88, Alton— C. Luther.
Siiiua Cruz No. 90 — \V. I. Newman, M. Bessc,
H. K. I'nngle.
Georgetown No. 91— C. F. Irish.
Downieville No. 92— Henry C. Ryan.
Kerndale No. 93— S. C. Hart.
Golden Nugget. No. 94, Sierra — George
Morrison.
Seaside No. 95. Halfmoon Bay— H. Albrecht.
Las l'ositas No.96,Livermore— A. \V. Feldler,
George \v. Meyers.
Santa Lucia No. 97, Salinas— Ed J. Harris, M.
R. Merri'.U
Lassen No. 99, Susanville— P. Cady.
Mount Diablo No. 101, Martinez— J. J. Mc-
Mahon, A. E. Dunkel.
Glen Ellen No. 102— Frank M. Luttrell.
Silver Tip No. 103, Vacaville— \V. B. Parker
Jr.
B«y City No. 104, San Francisco— Eugene W.
Levy, H. G. Winkclspiel.
Niaiiuc.No. 105, San Francisco — F.
ByinKtou, Finlay Cook.
CuurtlandNo. Charles E. HoUister.
San Diego No. 108— S. Schiller, W. H. G. Buck.
Kamona No. 109, Lob Angeles— A. D. Jones,
H. C. Lichtenberger.
Arrowhead No. 110, San Bernardino — John
Anderson Jr.
Sonoaa No. Ill — Julius E. Poppe.
Eden No. 113, wards — George A. Oakes,
Neil A. McConaghy.
Cabrillo No. 114, Ventura— Cerf, I.
M. Pocgl.
Santa Barbara No. 116— Walter B. Cope, J.
F. R. Arelanes.
lironenck No. 117, Point v Arena— M.
Ainshe.
Nrtii .sial No. 118, San Francisco— F. P. Wehe,
W. a. Grattan. D. E. Murdcn.
Piedmont, No. 120, Oakland— George E.
Degolia, Charles Kramm, Frank Barnett.
Columbia No. 121, San Francisco— P. V. I
Long, I. Harris.
Nipomo No. 123— John A. Donovan.
Mountain No. 126, Dutch Flat— F. T. lla
guirc.
Wisteria No. 127, Alvarado — E. L. Halnex.
Qnincy No. 131— C. E. McLaughlin, W. J.
Miller.
Gabilan No. 132, Castrovllle— H. A. Hunter.
Hesperian No. 137, San Francisco— P.
Doolan, L. J. Fenn.
Hornitos No. 138— O. B. Cavagnaro.
Central No. 140, Walnut Creek— E. A. Ma
jors.
Tuolumne No. 144, Sonora— J. B. Curtin, J.
Durkiu.
Alcatraz No. 145, Ban Francisco— James I.
Gallagher, Henry'Lichtenste 'n.
Halcyon No. 146, Alameda—J. C. Bates Jr.,
W. F. Chtpman.
Sa.ii Marcos No. 150, San Miguel, San Luis
Obispo County— Kd F. Fitzgerald.
Brooklyn N ■'. 151, East Oakland — Henry A.
Sasrehorn, Ed B. Reid.
Cambria No. 15-— J. D. Campbell Jr.
Alcalde No. 154. San Fraucltco— J. F. Hetty,
H. E. Ci.ffey.
Yontockett No. 156, Crescent City— H.
Crawford. :
South Snn Francisco No. 157 — Louis Noiine
mnn, John J. McEvov.
Lower Lake No. 159— H. W. Herrick.
leta No. 161. Yreka— E. \V. Howell.
Donn^r No. 16J, Truckee— E. E. Kruger.
Winters No. 103— A. VV. North.
Mayfield No. 166— G. Weisshaar.
'Altamont No. 167, Occidental- Alexander
H. Mocker.
Kedlnnds No. 168— J. VV. F. Dlss.
. Washington No. 169, Centerville — F. M.
Smith, A. F. EeKer?.
Byron No. 170— D. R. Vanderhoof.
Marlposa No. 171— A. J. Mathews.
Keysione No. 173, Amador Thomas M.
Church,
Napa No. 62— J. T. York. James T. Raney.
Sequoia No. 160— Robert W. Martland, 8. A.
While.
Lemooro No. 175— Louis Brownstone.
Observatory No. 177, San Jose— T. A. K. Fas
sett, C. M. Woost<*r.
Esparto, No. 179, Maaison— J. C. Gose, F. E.
Rodgers.
Orange No. 180, Pieasan: Grove— Bert Don
aldsoti.
Golden Anchor No. 182,Gibsonville—
Johuson.
Nicasio No. 183— F. E. Rod^erg.
Menlo, No. 185, Menlo Park— Al. E. Doyle.
Trncy No. 186— X. Hymau.
Precita No. 187, San Francisco— Charles^H.
Bui'k, William C. Miner. ■
Si-»kiyou N0..185. Fort Jones— George May
hou.
Olympus No. 189, San Francisco— A. Q. Ma
guin-, H. J. Mulcrevy.
Snnta PauU No. 191— A. S. Feder.
Etna No. 192— Edward E. Hayes.
Liberty No. 193, Sawyer's Bar— Frauk Mad
dox. .-:,
Presidio No. 194, Pan Francisco— Charles E.
Mooser. EURene E. Fischer.
Athens No. 195, Oakland— Benjamin t.
Woollier, W. E. Bean.
Commodore Sloat No. 197, Blue Lake— Guv
C. Nellist. -.
Honey Lake No. 198, Janesville— trank
Wemple.
1 coruua No. 196, Los Angeles— W. Lichten
berger. . . . : ,
Rio Vi»U No. 199— L. Dunn.
'":■.*•.■■■•■-'•■- - . J
The newspaper men in the Grand Par
lor are : F. Montgomery, Antioch Ledger;
EJ Dinkenspeil, Solano" Republican ; C. O.
Dunoar, Santa Rusa Press; George A.
Oaks, Hay wards Journal; E. ti Hay ward,
"Woodland Democrat ; W. F. Prisk! Gra^s
Valley Union; J. C. Tyrrell, Grass Valley
Tidimrs; G. A. .Morris. Marysville Ap
peal; J. M. Morrisey. Wheatland Four
Corner; A. E. Boynton, Oroville Register;
Lou B. Mayer, San Francisco Bullptin:
Leonard S. Calkins, Nevada Ci y Tran
script.
It develops to-night that the candidates
for grand trustees are: \V. W. Grear, Sac
ramento; A. A. McConachy. Hay wards;
F A. ("utlpr, Eureka; C. M. Wooster, San
Jose; R. A. McNoble, Stockton; W. W.
Shannon, San Francisco; \V. F. rrijk,
Grass Vailey; Joseph Hawkins and Louis
F. rioynton" San Francisco; P. Zabala, Sa
linas; Franlc SabicLi, Los Angeles; Guy
P. Hu.i, Redwood City; W. D. Garratt,
San Francisco.
Santa Rosa may be chosen as the place
for the Admission day celebration. Charles
M. Belshaw is primed to introduce bis
• ver-recurring resolution to designate San
Francisco as the permanent meeting place
of the Grand Parlor. Nevada City has
gained so many pledges for 1898 that" Bel
shaw's pet measure stands little hope of
adoption at this se-sion.
After the concert at the pavilion the
delegates were summoned to the Alham.-
Dra for a midnight session for ttie con
ferring of degrees. The last degree will
be taken at dawn.
XA-TirES }f£!LT. JSNTZBTAIXJCD.
In th» Afternoon a I'ienie and at Atght
a Concert.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., April 26.—
Native Sons were the guests of Redwood
City Odd Fellows at the picnic in Finger's
Grove, adjoining Wellesey Park, this
afternoon, and a happy time they had.
The scene at the grove was delightful.
Thousands of people clustered about In
groups under the ample treea.
But the central feature of attraction for
the youth and beauty was the pavilion,
where music of the waltz, polka and
cotillion was discoursed all the afternoon.
The pavilion was crowded by dancers
until the iiour for leaving the grounds
and then they departed reluctantly. The
decorations were in good taste.
To-night the city is handsomely illum
inated in honor of the Native Sons. Bridge
street, near the intersection of Main, is
spanned by a beautiful evergreen arch,
-upported on either side of the roadway
by double columns in the Corinthian
style. The word "Welcome" is illum
inated.
Rows of Chinese lanterns running par
allel with the bridge and Main streets and
crossing the thoroughfare give a radiant
effect. The decorations and illuminations
are extended to the suburbs of the city.
Visitors compliment Redwood City on the
publ.c spirit exhibited in the arrange
ments for entertaining guests.
An immense concourse of people
listened to an open-air concert in front of
the Courthouse to-night The indoor
exercise in the spacious pavilion Degan
shortly after 9 o'clock. At that time the
house was packed. Introductory remarks
were made by Joseph F. Coffey, president
of Redwood Parlor. The stately and stir
ring State song, "Hail California," was
sung by the High School chorus, led by
Miss Alyce Gates of San Francisco and
accompanied by the Roncovieri band.
The patriotic composition evoked earnest
applause.
George C. Ross welcomed the Native
Sons to Redwooc" City, and in reply H. C.
Gesford, the graua president, spoke in
fitting terms.
The press quartet — Fletcher Tilton,
Samuel Tucker, Frank Coffin and W. J.
Batchelder — entertained the audience,
and vocal solos were contributed by Miss
Alyce Gates, Miss Annie Rooney and Wil
liam McDonald.
F&RRX SUE It AT TACOMA.
Divorce* Wife of the Col* nil Bring*
Action for Alimony.
TACOMA, Wash., April 26.— The sepa
ration of Colonel and Mrs. C. P. Ferry,
which caused such a sensation in Paris in
1889, is recalled by a suit for alimony tiled
by Mr«. Ferry's attorneys last evening.
Mrs. Ferry, who now resides at 712 Taylor
street, San Francisco, makes affidavit that
Colonel Ferry, since December, 1895, has
failed to pay this alimony of $.~>o a month
for the support of his child, which is iv
the custody of its mother. She alleges
that the child is still living and is now 11
years old, that it is entirely dependent
upon its mother for its support, and tiiat
Mrs. Ferry, since December 1, 1895, has
supported it by her own efforts.
\\ hen the alimony was collected in 1895
Thomas A. McGowan of San Francisco,
then Mrs. Ferry's attorney, came here to
assist at the trial. He stated that Mrs.
Ferry and son were then living with the
family of a prominent San Francisco
judge, who were much attached to her.
She then resided on Bush street. Her
friends here understand that she has re
cently been keeping a boarding-house on
Taylor street.
Colonel Ferry stopped paying alimony
in December, 1895. * Yesterday his attor
ney asked Mrs. Ferry's lawyer to postpone
hearing on the suit for a week to i*ive him
time to raise money. This will be done.
Appointment* by the Governor
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 26.-Gov
ernor Budd to- lay made the following ap
pointments: D. L. AVithington of San
Diego and E, J. Emmomof Kern County
members of the Board of Commissioners
for the promotion of uniformity of legisla
tion in the United States; Charles B. Mor
ctn of Alaraeda County, J. V. Webster of
San Luis Ob spo and W. M. Uinton of San
Francisco, members of a special commis
sion to examine, investigate and test vot
ing machines.
Aberdeen H'hteimnn't Plunge.
ABERDEEN, Wash., April L6.— Rev. R.
Z. f'etlibone, while riding awheel between
this place and Hcquiamon the plank road
Saturday afternoon, lost control of his bi
cycle as he neared the Fry Creek bridge,
and collided with tha railing. The ruo
ruentum was so great that the wheel
started to run up on the rail, which slants
upward from Hie Moor of tho b.idce to the
arcti, and Mr. I'ettibone was thrown over
vie railing into the creek below. James
Heron, a friend who was wheeling behind
him, succeeded in dragging? the uncon
scious Mr. Pettibone out of the creek.
He is now at home, stil! unconscious and
paralyzed, and his recoVery is doubtful.
SEW TO-DAT.
Jropfy
Baking Powder
has made "ahit—
a very palpable
hit" — as Shake-
speare says.
*
(And so have Tillmann's
Fine Spices and Flavoring
Extracts.)
115 Tillmaaa & Bra4*l, Mfr».
TWICE WEDDED,
BUT NOT LOVED
Stockton Woman Brings
Suit Against Her
Rival.
Mrs. Humphrey Claims That
Mrs. Pope Robbed Her of
a Husband.
They Were Once Divorced, but Re
married. Only to Separate
Again.
STOCKTON, Cal.. April 26.— Attorney
James A. Louttit this afternoon filed a
novei and sensational suit, which adds
another chapter to the matrimonial his
tory of Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Humphrey.
Mrs. Humphrey sues Louisa C. Pope, the
widow of the late Tom Pope, the capital
ist, for $20,000 damages for alienating the
affections of her husband.
The suit is said to be the first of its kind
ever brought hi re. For|a full understand
ing of it.it is necessary to revert to the
upa and downs of the married life of the
Humphrey;:. They were wedded on No
vember 1. 1879, and lived happily together
for several years. They have two children
living— lnez and Ethel — girl twins, aged
eight years. A decree of divorce was
granted to Mrs. Humphrey on December
'JO, 1894. on the ground of cruelty. They
subsequently became reconciled, and on
the bin of March, 1895, were again mede
man and wile by a contract marriage.
The document was tiled for record on Feb
ruary 12 of this year, and created not a
little surprise, as that was the first Dublic
notice of the reconciliation. They got
along most harmoniously after their sec
ond marriage until late last summer, when
Mrs. Pope, it is said, "appeared on the
scone." Since then Mr. Humphrey has
been living on the Poperancn as foreman,
and Mrs. Humphrey has been alone.
The complaint recites the fact of the
marriage and states that Mrs. Humphrey
has been deprived of the support, affection
and fellowship of her h utband by Mm.
Pope and is thereby damaged to the
amount sued for. The case will be vigor
ously fought on both sides.
Xrrada Get* a Aeie l*o§lojfic«.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 2G. — A
postoffice was to-day established at Gold
Creek, P^lko County, Nevada, and John B.
Abel appointed Postmaster.
Why Your
| Nerves Are Weak.
mHERE ARE TWO KINDS OF
-I- nerves: Motor and Sensory. The motor
j nerves are nerve.* of motion, while the
I sensory nerve 3 are nerves ol" sensation.
Eveiy organ, every tissue in the body,
contains molor and sensory nerve 3.
These nerves are derived from the brain
and spinal cord.
The brain is nourished by the blood,
which nourishment comes from properly
digested food. Of course, the food must
contain the elements necessary to create
or build up brain tissue.
A poor dicestion makes poor blood;
poor blood makes a dull brain; a dull
brain makes weak nerves.
Joy's Vegetable Sarsapacilla jrives good,
j rich, red blood, good digestion and strong
nerves.
Nerves are always weak when you have
i indigestion, impure blood- torpid liver,
inactive kidneys and constipation of the
bowels.
' By the moderate use of Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla your digestion will be perfect,
pour blood pure, your liver active, your
I kidneys and bowels regular.
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla is purely a
j vegetable preparation; contains no corro-
i sive poison, such as salts of mercury and
potash.
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla acts mildly
on the different organs of V\q digestion,
making pore blood, a clear brain and
btrong nerves.
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla relieves
neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous dyspep-
sia, insomnia, headache, nervousness,
fainting spells, dizzy spells, staggering
spells, weak ■■ spells, pa.ns in the back,
dragging sensation* in the hip, brow
pains, spots before the eyes, fou! stomach,
bad breath, rincing in ear, eructation of
gase , water brash, a disgust for food,
rush of blood to tho he-«<l and gnawing
j sensation in stomach. When you want
j to begin to get well iry Joy's Vegetable
j Sarsaparilla. It touches the rignt spot.
A substitutor don't care how many pimples
j you have on your face. He din t expect to
I see you again.
i j Shoe Co. No. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
Tan 1 7~"Coin
or or
Ox- _^£>— J Sflnare
Blood <«rZ>*rM* Toes,
OXFORDS-$1.25
This is the season of the year when the
Oxford Tie trade commences, and we are
prepwred to Kivt' great values to our cus-
tomers. We have Oxford Ties in Tan or
Ox-B ood colors, iin'l In Harrow square or
Nairow Coin .oes, with Hand-Turned
: Holes, which we will sell for (|i:t*s per
S pair. These ties sell re-sularly tor $-'.00 j
per pair, but we realize tliut we must give
' extra inlucemems to our cusiomtis. !
"~T" n RUSSET
! I Jg^^J*. BUTTON -
; Don't overlook our special sale of Chil-
dren's 'lan -prin, Button Shoes, lor
they are belli* aold cheap. Tuey wear and
look well a:id are juii the thing for sum-
mer.
Child's, sizes 8 to 10 i£ 91. 00
•Misses', sizes 11 to 2 1.26
tS" Country orders solicited.
Send for >"ew Ulustraioi Catalogs.
.Address '
B. KATCHINSKI,
FHtLADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
JO Third St.. San Franclieo.
34
DUEL TO SETTLE
A LOVE AFFAIR
Two Rich Mexicans to
Fight With Pistols
Near Nogales.
Ex-Governor Izabal and Senor
Gonzaies of Sonora the
Principals.
The Husband of the Woman In
the Case Will Challenge
the Victor.
NOG ALES, AM7.., April 36.— 1t is re
ported here that a telegram from Her
mosillo, Sonora, was to-day received oy a
man named Joffroy asking him to select a
secreted spot in the United States BOt far
from the international boundary line, and
near this city, and to attend to other pre
liminaries to a due!, lie was cautioned
to use the utmost secrecy, bat darin the
day it leaked out that ex-Governor K:ifae!
lzabal of the State of Soaora, Mexico, and
Senor Ponisio Gonzales, one of the
wealthiest and moil prominent men of
Sonera, intend to cross the line to richt.
The challenge was given and accepted
two weeks aso. I.c causes .iing to it
created a sreat sensational HermosUlo,
and the affair has been the talk of the
whole St.st« cf Sonora ever since. Al
though not a Roniero-Verastegul affair,
the prominence and character Oi the two
men suggest an approximate parallel.
Both gentlemen, it is said, b&ve been smil
ing upon the wife of Bertotomt A. S.ilido,
unknown to each otber until a week ago
last Tuesday, when Izabal learned that
he had a rival in Senor Gonzales.
When next they met the ex-Governor
began questioning Gonsales. and a heated
conversation ended in Izabal calling Gon
zales several names which, translated into
Knglish, would be represented by d»«nes
and stars. Goasalea strnck the ex-Gov
ernor in the face. Both men then went at
it hammer and tones, and when they fin
ished Izabal haa a swollen eye and was
minus several teeth. His opponent sus
tained a sprained wrist and lacerated
knuckles, the result of forcibly coming in
contact with the other gentleman's
anatomy.
lzabal declared he would be revenue!
ana sent to Gonzaies a challence to fight a
duel. This was accepted, but tney have
not come toceiher ye;, as Izabal has been
almost blind and Gonsales' wrist has been
in bandages. They have also had consid
erable trouble over the choice of weapons,
the challenging pa:ty want::-.c to ficht
with swords, as Governor Izabal has the
reputation of being tbe best shot in So
nora, but they have finally concluded to
at revolvers.
In the mear. SaUdo, who is a prom
inent State official and was formerly a j
member of the Sonora Legislature, states
thai he intends to challenge the victor i
because the two had alienated the aifec- j
tions of his wife.
lzabal and Gcnzalet are both married
Bier., and to make the affair more compli
cated, their wives are sisters, Gonzales
is a rrandsoa of Franetsoo Serna, the
famous Mexican general, and is the owner i
of one of tae best sad richest haciendas
in Mexico. He is well liked by all who
know h:m, while on tne contrary, Izabal
i« unpopular. Last year, when Qeneral
Escobedc was visuinc Sonora at the insti
gation of I'resident Diait, he was tendertd
* banquet by the Bcials at Hermosillo,
during which Izabal created a sensation
by throwing a lighted bur.en of cracK
ers under the table. He was Governor of
Sonora tor two years— USHaadlS
The object In having the affair oi honor
tafca place near Nogales is to evade the
dueling law, which is very strict in Mex
ico. They believe that they can cross the
boundary, right on American soil, and the j
victor and taose implicated will be able to j
return to Mcx: unmolested.
SAW KNAUSCH IN RED BLUFF.
fie/cbfe Witnesses Clam to Hera Known
ihe Man Who Cculd Frse Fro
•essor Sender*.
FRESNO. Cku, Arr;l 2<x-The defense
sprunc tomethinf of s sensation to-day
in the forgery trirUof Profasaoi \V\ A. Ssn- !
r.ers wher. it p.aced two witnesses on the ]
stand who testified that tbej knew John j
Knausch in the early days of Qaliforaia,
when the defendant says he became ac- i
quainted witu him. Knauseh was the
mysterious capuaiis; and friend of San
ders who supplied the capital with which :
William Woonon's raw was bon<:ht, ae
cordinr to Sanders' s-.siemen;. Sander*
says the last he saw of the missing j
rancher was when he anghted from his j
(Sanders') buckboad, having become
angry. and started away with Knausch !
and raves on February 1, ISJH, >er<-.-a.
miles below the ranch, which they all left i
together.
Because o! his prominent connection i
with the great fSter; Jonn Knansch has
been a very interesting c&aracier in the
case, bnt beretolore no one conid be found
*ho had ever s-eeu him. To-day, how- 1
ever, two reliable w:tnes«es-R. F. Cross !
and wife of Raymond, Madera Con 1
where Mr. Cross has been teac. scnoo'l
— te-tiSed that they met Knausch La Rfd i
Bluff in IJT4. Tr.ey were then stopping a;
a hoiel ia Red BluH and saw bin a num
ber of times and taiked with him. Tseir
description o! the man tallied with that
given by Sander*. Knausch beine rerre
sented as beinc 6 feet in height, wearing a !
heavy BQStactM and harine a very com
manding r.cure. Sine* ihat time, how- j
ever, the witnesses had no; heard of or
teen tne mtm roan.
♦
Smn T>i, c r»l,ce Chief Ketignt. |
>A> DltGO. Cal., Apr;. 26.— Chief of
Police J. W. Brenninc. who has been at I
the head of San Diejro's police for nearly ;
si years, sent la his resicnation this
morning, but at a sj»ecal meeting of the i
Police Commissioners this afternoon the j
resignation was laid on tr.. table, end in- |
stead the Chic! was granted a ten days'
leave of absence rer.d;ac action by the
new board, which goes into o&ce on May
I btel Brenning says he resicned &<■"- I
cause he realized that the incominc board t
wouid oo: be frienaJy to him, and his
■unmic interests ia t!;e Julian district
have b<>ccrre so extensive that r.c elt tnat '
he must devote more attention lo them !
and less to polities.
CM* F'llt»r O,pha»« fT at Gir**,
GILROY, Cat-, April 26— Work on the
Odd bellows' rrSar.ii{:e is prorressinc
rapidiy, ibe framework being completed
for the second story. Great preparations
ar» bfinc made for the laying of the cr-
nerstone o . May S. A.U the grand officers
are expected, together with tne board of
trustees, ard many lodges in tne district
will send deJeeanoas. The visitors wiii
be royai.y entertained, and among other
interesting tefttnrca a bar&ecae and lunch
trill be served near by. In the evening
local talent is to present t lie piny, "A
Fisherman's Luck," for the beneiit of the
orphanage.
CAMPING AT SACRAMENTO.
L*ffingwel.'s Army Den Assistance by
the People of the Csptiat
Ctiy.
SACRAMENTO, C.v... April 26.— "Gen- j
eral" fj. A. Leffingweli of the so-termed ,
industrial army and hi? four lieutenants j
were arraigned in the Polios Court this
morning, charged with vagrancy. On i
pleading not guilty and demanding a trial ;
by jury they were remanded to jail on j
their failure to give bonds. The cases '
were set for May 4 and 5.
The army remains* in camp and has been j
ising the day in fishing aad making
raids on vegetable gardens. A committes
from the camp called on Mayor llubbard
to-day and solicited sssiotanoe, but re
ceived a promut and decided refusal. This
: morning one of the men was offered work,
but declined to accept, He stated thai j
they were not looking for work here, at it
would not be permanent. Thoy preterred
to go Bast, atid all they asked for was as
sistanoa to enable them to reach O^den.
Tiiis is refused on the part ot the officials.
The people of Bocklin bavea.reaiiy tiled
a protest against having the array driven j
out in their direction. Thai is ine^tosvn ;
in which Olhcer Flickenstein killed one of ■
a former industrial army, who resisted
arrest.
STANFORD-BERKELEY RIVALRY.
/merest How Centers in ihe Baseball
end Terms Championsh p
Ma ■■ cites.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oal., April
X.— that the intercollegiate debate
and the held day are events of the past,
the coming baseball game and tbe tennis
matches between Stanford anct Berkeley
come to the iront. The baseball game to
be played in San Francisco next Saturday
wih decide the university championship,
each team ha^ini- won one hotly con- I
tested game. After the last game, in
wbicn the Berkeley niue defeated Stan- 1
lord, the baseball ieam has been attend
ing strictly to business. Several inter- ;
esting practice canes have taken place.
The only match with an outside team :
this week will bo played on April 2S with
ihe Belmont nine. Two foil teams how- :
ever, will meet for a game every evening !
on the campu*.
In tennis Freeman U J9 will try for a '
place. Freeman and richer "tv hold the
championship in Southern California in ;
doubles. Both play strong games in the i
singles. In tbe rirst tennis match between
Stanford and UerKeley the latter won the
doubles and one of the two games in the |
singles. Freeman and Picher represented ■
the university sQccessf otly in both events
last year, It is probable that they will
represent Stanford in the next set of
games with the University of California.
Nah*r and >harticit to Fight.
NEW YORK, N. V.. April 26. — The
managers of Maher and Sharkey met the
representatives of a sporting club to-day
and accepted a proposition for a t".ent be
tween their princioals for a $10,000 purse,
ro take place in this vicinity between May
35 «nd June 10 The identity of the club
will be made pablic witain two weeKs. It
has posted & satisfactory forfeit &s a mark
o: good faith.
fan Rafn'l n«ll-Vlo V fr* m*.
SAN RAFAEL? Cal., April 26.— 1n a
game of hasehatl p.ayed yesterday* be
tween the San Rafael nine and a team
from the Government reservation at
Ancel Island, tr.e local team was victo
rious deleatine the visitors by a score of
Bto 6. It was s hotly contested game and
both teams played goxl ball.
U> TBE HALL riKLO.
Brockton Vrfrati lialtimcrr— Cincinnati
Ernt* Clrrtland.
NEW YORK. N*. Y.,' April 2<V— Washington
3, New York 3.
PHILADELPHIA, Tk.. April 26.— Boston S,
Philadelphia £.
BALTIMORE, Mo., April 2cv— Brooklyn 4,
Baltimore 3.
INN \TI, Ohio, Ar>ri". C6.— Cincinnati 6,
Cleveland S.
LOUISVILLE, Xt , April Ct>.— Pittsburc 3,
LonisrfMe 3.
ST. LOCIS, Mo., April ML— Cntsago 9, St.
lxiuis 2.
Arrettrti am a Ditttirber.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 26. — Daniel
Ryan, who disturbed an anti-Catholic
lecture by Q. M. Ruthven, who claims to
be an ex-priest, at Turn Verein Ha". Last
nieht by calling ;he speaker a liar was ar
rested to-day for disturbing a pub
lic meeting. Ruthven is the complainant.
Great consternation followed Ryan's de
nunciation of the speafce-. anci whe:; an
attempt was made to eject Ryan he flour
ished a revolver. Ryan, who is proprietor
of the Wes:ern Hotel, was arraicned be
fore Jns::ee ftass to-day and demanded a
jury trial, which wa« "set for to-morrow
morning. He was released on $100 ba...
f oreelofure oi* n otindrt/.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 26. — The
First National Bank was to-day riven a
decree of foreclosure by Juice Lorigan
against James Eurigbt for |59^919 princi
r.s! and interest and $500 attorney ree*.
The property affected is th* old Enricht
Joundry a; the corner of F r«; and Wil-
am street and some Shasta Lamb«r Com
pany stock.
Chinemr MmrHer >w«r-cc » Fm>H.
SAN JOSE, Cai . April 98.— Finp
and Hong Gons, charged witn being im
plicated in the murcer of An Wah, were
discharged from custody to-day on mo
tion of the D;strict Attorney. * The eTi
dence w&s not suffirient to convict.
*»»<•/ or« 1« lnmde I.nt Amrlrt.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 26.— One of
the largest conventions ever held in Los
Anpeles w;li assemble here on May 1L It
:s the twer.iy-sixth session of the National
Order of Railway Conductors of America,
and i* expected to occupy nearly ten dar«,
indludinc ihe sessions and the excursions
to tne Tarious outside places of interest.
The executive committee of the local crder
has charge of the arrangreme::;?. and has
been busr for some time rvast, at no less
than SJOO visitors are expected. In con
nection with the conductor^' convention,
tha iadie*' auxiliary will &ls>o hold ail
convention. Special trains from all parts
of the country will bring the delegate? and
friends to the city.
Sacrament* Tamnlr Tr-ndcr* fijkl.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. April 26.— Oniff
Caldaroai was MMM to-day on a charge
of mayhem preferred by Gio Mand&'a.
The two are rival vendors of the tooth
tome tamale, and ia a free-for-all tight last
Diaht Caldarom bit off his opponent's Jeft
ear as rea-.v as thongu it had been re
move;: with ■ knife. Caidaroni claims
that Mandala, in retaliation, b;t his upper
lip nearly of:.
Z*» Aitgrle* Xurdrr Trial.
LOS ANGEU:S. Cal, ApriJStt— Mannel
Brown, a negro, was placed on trial for
his life before Juds:? Smita and a jury
here to-day. It i« charged that Brown
and Mande Pierce, a negress, murdered
Jaracs Bellow on tne night of January 9.
The murder was a most diabolical crime,
the dead tcan Saving been literally cat to
pieces- wniie resisting a rang of footpads.
Mi* at R*ft%riHMl City.
REDWOOD, CIIY. Cai«, April 26 — The
b>rn and contests belonging to Caanes
Hcltrook were destroyed by Sre shortly
after 5 o'clock ibis even;:;g. Toe Imi is
*?t:maied at $10,000. The origin of tbe
h are is net kuowa. The barn was partially
insured.
TITE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1597.
ANNUAL JUBILEE
OF ODD FELLOWS.
Founder's Day Happily
Observed at Santa
Barbara.
Gathering of Members From
All Counties in Southern
California.
Visitors March In a Parade and
Are Tendered a Banquet at
Night.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal.. April 26.—
I The Odd tTellowa cf SouthernCaiiforniacel
i ebraied tne seventh-eighth anniversary of
J the establishment o' the order in America
i with a grand demonstration here {p-day.
Lodges came from nearly all the southern
! counties and eminent individuals from
I many other parts of the State. There was
: also a large gathering of tte Daughters of
j Rebekali. The orator of the day was W.
j H. Barnes of San Francisco.
A large number cf tbe visiting deieca
tions came in en a special train shortly
after noon. The train was met et Ven
tura by a committee of the local Odd Fel
lows and Robekahs. As the lodges ar
rived in the city they were met Ly bands
of music and e>corted to tbeir quarter?.
A street parade took place this af:er
noon, the line starting at 2 o'clock. The
procession was under command of Grand
Marshal Francis A. Blake Jr., and with
him rode General C. C. S ermau, com
mander-in-chief of the California cantons.
The aids wer W. K. Harne Jr. and Ceo
L oyd. Later in the afternoon appro
priate exercises were held In Giace M. K.
Church, T. R. Da we. P. G ., of Santa Bar
bara delivering the address of welcome,
W. A. Bocynge, F. G., of Los Angele* re
• ponding.
W. H. Barnes, P. G. M., of San Fran
cisco, orator of the day, announced that
this was the forty-first annual occasion on
which he had served in lik« capacity, his
first anniversary address having been de
livered in 1857 at Atlanta, Ga. In his ad
dress he dwelt largely upon tne great
strength and marvelous growth ol the or
dtr. There were now, he said, 1100
lodges, with 540,000 merubers, in America;
there were 3700 encampments, with 135,
--<XO member.-; there were 4200 RebeKah
lodges, with 363,000 members over 1,000,
--000 members altogether, and forming the
larcest fraternal order in the world. From
I*3o to 1^95, 2,100.0000 men were initiated
as Odd Fellows. Ol this number 2,000,000
had been relieved dnring financial trou
ble, illness or injury; 221,000 widows and
families had teen relieved, and there had
been 200.003 burials by the lodges. Dur
ing that' time $73,000,000 had been ex
pended in rea?f work; last year's reliei
fund was 53,300.000.
in California, he continued, there were
556 lodge* with 30,000 members, Bfl en
carupisems wi;.'i SOOO members and 220
k:ahs«ith 16,000 members, Aitnonga
Calitornia's membership was but one
thirty-first part of the membership, the
State paid one-tenth of the entire relief
fund. The asset* of the 355 lod*e>
amounted to $270,000. •«".--
The speaKer sitid that the Independent
Order ot Oda Fellows wss one of the frater
aal orders — perhaps the only one— that
he.d to its tenets tnrocgh the war. Whi'e
the churches of the North and South were
dir.ded acainst each other and remained
so for years after the cose of the war. the
Odd Fellows remii'.ed true, and at the
assembling of the Grand Lodge at B»lt
more at the close ol the xrar the boutbern
States w«re promptly requested to send ur
theil representatives. They did so. and
were received witnout a dissenting voice.
On tbe desks of the Southern members
were found transcripts of the live veara
that they had m:ssed.
This statement provoked rounds of ap
plause from the big andi-nce.
At that meeting of the Grand Loace the
speaker, Mr. Barnes, was a delegate from
G-orgia. Since the war the order has
grown remarkably and has spread all over
the world.
To-ntfchl the Odd Fellow? were er. :e-
taineo witii a hanquct and a grand ball at
the Arlington Hotel.
IJCKMCKED AT ALIM MVCK.
Sanlm Clara County Odd Tellitiei Enjoy
in Outinj.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April X— Odd Fcl
iows' day was made the occasion of*a
joint celebration, ia which fourteen lodges
of the order took part. Nine of tne lodges
were of this city, three from Santa Clara
and two from Campbell. A picnic was
held a; Alum Rock Park during the day,
ani this evenias there was an entertain
ment ana ball at Turn Verein Hall.
The picnic was attended br 2, >00 people.
D. strict Attorney B. A. Henrincton was
orator of the day and delivered an able ad
dress ca the purposes and work of .reor
der. After the speaking there was an i;i
terestine programme of races. Of ail, the
past grands of the county G. A. Babo
\ roved to be the fleetest o: foot. Charles
Wear won nrst prizs in the members
race.
The entertainment ana ball drew a large
crowd. Professor B. 11. Condit deiiverej
the address of the evening.
CONFLAGRATION AT LOOM/S.
Three Frmthouses Destroyed by a B/czt
Prcbcb/y Started by
Trcmps.
LOOM IS, Cal., April -A fire broke
out ia the two-story building known a.*
the Loomis Fruithouse and lia.l at 12:45
o'clock this morning and within forty-live
minntes it had totally destroyed * that
building. Next a frnithouse in coarse o:
construction for Schnable Bros. <!fc Co. was
consumed and the flarues c«ead to the
old co-cperatiTe fruithoase, owned by E.
Masai and occupied oy the Ear. Fruit
Company, and destroyed this, together
■ with three icing-houses. Energetic efforts
;of the citizens saved the dwelling and I
biatfcsrGitb.-s.hop of George C. Boiler acd
the rest of the town.
Tiit« lueses are: H-aly A Phillips, fruii
house and hall. $3(XX). no insurance; i!i;
ler. contractor for >cbnable Bros. A Co.,
$400. no insurance; E. Mazal, irastboase,
lICOO. insurance $>•>.'■: thrat icinsr-houses
$1503t.
The cause of the nre is unknown, but is
supposed to have been started by tramps
sleeping under the building.
EIVTMIt XU ii.JtKi.
leatti* Girl Jlnrried mt J'crt Wrangle io
m 1 arirty ■ ct.
SEATTLE Wass., April 26.— The stearr
*h:p Ci:y cf Topefca, which arriTcd to
night from Alaska, brought news of tbe
elopement from ihis c.iiy of James Me-
Grath, a variety actor, and M ss Lelia
Shaw, tbe 15-year-old daughter of As
sessor S.iaw of Pierce County. They fle.i
frora Seattle two weeks aCv\ tacing r»as
s*ge on the steamer Al-K.l oa its last trip
to Junean.
Miss Shaw and McGrath were married
nt»on the arrival of the NMI at For:
Wrangle, the first United States por
reached after leaving Pupet Sound. It
was not altogether a voiuntarv act on
their t>art. Captain Jan,e-> Carroll, the
master of the vessel, learning that they
were not man and wife, gave the girl the
alternative of returning with him to her
hotne in facoma or going ashore nt Fort
Wrangle and marry inn Mciiratn. She
chose the latter, and the ceremony was
accordingly performed by Judge Jackson
of Fort Wrangle. YcGrath demurred at
nrst, but finally yielded.
TACOMA HOJUA\.\ JtEATEy.
Brutallu Maltreated 6 y th« lion from
Whom Shm Had Bern Itiroreed.
TACOMA, Wash., April 26.— The police
and a constable are searching for Morris
Williams, who is accused of giving Mrs.
Leach Williams, bia divorced wife, un
merciful beatings last' Thursday and Sat
urday nights. On Thursday he broke in
her door with an ax, and on Saturday
made a noise in her back, yard, which
brought her out, when he is* reported to
Dave seized her by the nair, kicked her
and left her in a deplorable condition. If
arrested he will De locked np or dv: under
heavy bonds to keep the peace. " /. • "
In suing for a divorce recently Mrs.
\\iinams complained tnat her nusband
had subjected her to most horrible treat
ment, beginning ■ month after their mar
riage at Saeboygan, Alien., in ISS3. They
moved to Kansas, where he maltreated I
and nearly starved her. Later he horse- i
whipped her in the public streets. In i
Milwaukee he knocked her down, and did
the same after they came here in 18M) He
threatenad to kill her if she ever com
plained, and tear prevented her from I
securing a divorce years before she
brought the action.
1 ■» ■
Stoekton't Creamery Optned.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 26.— The Stock
ton Creamery was opened this morning.
Fifteen farmers presented milk at an early
hour to have it turned into butter. The
iirst to arrive with his supply of milk was
\\. L* Overhiser, and the greatest quantity
wa> brougin by J. U. Tone, who left 296
pounds. The creamery is fully equipped!
with all modern appliances. It ia to be
rua on the co-operative plan.
W dit'J nt Otlrnt/.
GILROY, Cal., April 26 —The marriage
of Miss Katie Sturla, eldest daughter of
Mr. ar.d Mrs. James Stur.a, pioneers of
San Ysidru. and John G. Corotto, a promi
nent wme merchant of San Jose, was
soiemnzed at St. Mary's Catholic Church
yesterday afternoon. The festivities that
followed at the bride's home in San
ls:dro were enjoyed by over 100 invited
guests.
Bmrrtmm a >oii Qmmmttm Affray.
BAN QUENTIN, Cal . April 26.-Frank
Wheeler, better known to tbe officials of a
number of Eas:ern prisons as '-Ohio
Fatty" who i\ks stabbed :n the abdomen
by W. P.. Kelly, a fellow-convict, several
days ago, will probably survive. It was
no; at nrst believed that his life could be
saved, but Dr. Lawlor ami the physicians
of the prison have finally brought the
mar. around.
HOTEL ARRIVALS-
PALACE HOTEL.
J McNeil. Suit* Crnz II S Pouer. Boston
X D s-terhefs, s»cio m H » I'oitcr. Boston
Miss Datran. s»c:o V C Billard, I>RCS
'» n . \er Los Aose!e Mrs Johnson. < hieaeo
C a Hamlin, Kcs:on Miss Jonnson, Ciiioco
v s B*)caer. He.rou Miss Kes.Ues, Oakland
M T <-ay. tacto li Bac.mtn « w. Trectn
J V W Piicknmn. Trsntn Miss Barton. >>»ton
iiKs Wharton. Tren:on X a Hrwp. -Murlboro
Mi»s Howe, Marlboro F M White* «r, Maa<
Miis WbtMt Mas? Mrs X J Aihea, E0,i03 !
X v Taisrer *w, Boston, F C WUsoa * w, Boston
Mr* M Dowhnr. Conn Mis« Dowlinr, Coou
V I> Kltct. >»:i:3i Mrs M s(i«y, N J
W Jackson, > J FA lVrrirp.^tanford
W DtfiMa, NT C H Kieber, Be lmoot
Mis A C B^ckwith.Bostn Mi*» Bee^wtth, i,o» on
Xrs ■ \y. B.^toT' Miss Peve/. Bo&:«n
KH ' ■*: Chicago HC K<«nn?-.y. sit Paul
G Lombard. Mexico \V H >>«rcomb >iiv»-r
P C }<ob*ru srUver aty J v. McNuUv. smc:» Bar
R B Jenkins, L*\fnccoa Mrs >i i> Jentins, I-fxtn
C C Wallao*. Xfvvl* iits f X Kir:csburr, 21 V
A .» hrahami. Tl*no ; J!r«> C Waliac*. Sev
X HiirK*. Va^psraito Mlv »> Dr*pfr, S V
Ml*s Hln;oa > 1 ji P Sinclair. Ohio
J a Cisco, >' V C H BaMMCk, S V
Mrs i> \v Burnana A md, Mn .1 A Cisco. >' V
.Nf« York Mr« H F Sinclair, Ohio
Mrs Mji ford, NY AO Hewitt. Boston
Mrs U t i; Howe. Cal DO l.yo<Je. S V
Mine C J Abic»(O A J Ueckman, Sacto
Mis» S «:ook, lunv.o A BKi-odes, Denver
Mrs J VT l"rc<«<»T. I'envrr
t.KAND noil I. '
M D »lis. Pa:irs J II M»c;ard. Sprlnf field
M o"Niel. bW H\-t N --« Flihe frtocktn
L Ken Hiss FJsb«. isiockton
J Monsr' .\ V c- X Church. Frtsno
>'. T Breeii. s-alinas ' .1 A Fond Lam. S»,fn j
H \V La lwar.Woodlasd X E Fou ham. b&lem |
B I«wls, Oailacd w VTi Ilimrti, Boston |
X .' wi son, onto T \Y McNeil. i>o-108
II J Barren. Fresro ,F M Belt, Ky
Mis» £arroo. Fresco f Mi<ut L E Pike, Hartfcri
\V J Ynrjei. »o A:, flu M:>- J Kt;>>v. onn
X . <t w, Tex WK«tl.ji«-.u,
M H ; ccoci * w.CSIca; J 1 ix>ng. :-ac
W w WH.iiuns A w.Wis <5 i. curciainis. S D
AC. Ttur>:on, Providence J CerT. Ventura
Mrs I) D Rcsn IV..- Mrs F A r.oss. Chicago
H U >:.« don. Bat-vi* PXm -
>» J Wuiiaia;. ~ »:or. Mrs LMaltlanA,s4anford
Mr» L. a .l-jne«. .\J Hii Ktotom ♦ w, Minn
X. A l>re.«sley.sacia Kou.l A Cooper. Ukiab
•' L Fe:.d!e.o!j. N I- runs vv P Tfcornas. L'kUii
a H Han. -V V \V H Moore. Vacarili*
W A Sasith. m.: :a ro- J s-c Uv»n. Willow*
8 F Lougbboroash. .v \ A Etle. Ciiscapo
P Evers, Crpple Creek .1 c f,r'i*-..k*. cal
W A ><>Knii.- ■ s»c H a « cii:cn<!en. Vac»vl !
C C Bcsiii. Re«l<ling h CoccrilL Marysvliie ,
.1 AMeJ tire 1' A Forurt. Jltx.-,v:.
.i A Utnmf. Cnicaco \V" M Caver, Marysville '
LICK HOChE.
V \V Foot. S-i r»nJ .Mi rr»tl, i5o»:on
L W sihhe;. Irt.bo U C Ganie, t*nor»
s- s W'ii.on, Mcndoclno B J smU&, O»t!»txl
DrH C Joansi'n.fonlnd H L Jobn<oa, X»pa
lir U H Mio»l<t.ai6b Or >. BarneJ. PaJo Alto
l)r C M O'LtAry.PoruM a h,iU. >oaora
Miss C Hei:»iu,Ctderv; .1 T or», Nap*
Mrs T A utjl& Ac. Jil J ■. Ha:n»T. Nar*
tUCMi - » i!«- M » >• Whltcborcb, Cal
T A rracu>r A w, i u\ C W «. Obt) * w. W.ro.r
J M Mancon. >i*i.jord V J b.oz nin, L. A*ng
P D John»on, Merr* ii Daarhrr <t « ■ a.
«' r> Jofcn-oc, »*rra J 11 \V:-»u-»t. >jitto
J KtE3»nth. \\'*t«onvi W H Hacloa <t w. aieto
J M Wllbui, >fwc-,an J H Hasbins -. k -
A U!i7.r!ira. Aicaia a k lldlar, s-acranjfau
H !• W*ey*r, Modesto C '■• c»:i. mc:o
v a \\>ycr, MMw:o r M t< Us, IjO« ADf:fi«a
Mrs J H Knflfy, Keno H r Tarior. **s K&fael
\ii»* M lir^.-i.e.r. . coo Ht' >hiU«-r, Cai
■" L Ftr.-artrman <tw,CaJ C GiS. Cal
X C GoIJ, rorilaoa li ii ilin»2aJe, Gardiner
A M A;k;r«OT). lonlatxl C«pt H t r-e\tt. Aqua
L W :»a:irii:s A«, Ocdea Hoi
C B Knifh;, Grjdley
B.vLDWIX HOTEL.
H J RayniorF Ene ' G 1.v.-v C«lo
r> s>tockir.»n. cio a ±*uin6er, M T*anl '.
Mr?i -r:.i:itK.;^ioJosf m,m E x-boabci. b Jose
Mrs V A Cl«r».. Mcarerey Mis« J - ■ .1. . VOMey
T f.i.-ti Jr. Mociioo }' U t..ooaman. >»a Jo»?
M V >i«-iu, s^tPCiitJij Vf Tavter, Fresno
s Karris. >*au;e .1 k' M< Km r.v Xcv
T T \sfj-. lnd W Hcllhaa. Kmt«iClt;
M Hoitriaro, Kaosaa CJty J A *lnrrar, MM
A L Carlson, Ml.vuikee ■ IxiJiur*. \ I
X « hie-siervr, v V I> M r - r.fra.d. 111}
X X Gru SUor:r« s Vaiiejo
. F Wiiia re, Demlsz AY a Wfc-.injire. a Jom
U Ginter. NY A De»ct»a, T
H Wara A *r. \ V ri VMM * w. N V
ii D Bell, M*rj-»vllle Miss X D».r, X V
Mjs« LKiOoogood, NT W T itrpp*. il*rxiva!e
AW C WiUiain?, cotn X O ir.tJrtct, conn
Mrs A J -h.r.-s. L Aacel H A L**dt*r.er, -N V
1 WP» ter.on, npj.no. vr« LJ! i • -«t. S!«ktn
Misa M immn. > Iji^elt > Wlxutner, >«Jt Lak*
J > P»vi«» Koch»M»r M;s; St J4U:el, N V
X 51 I>:Jg«r. Kenwood
Riss HOUSE.
E H Lively. N V FI *.mpxtr * W, Tew
X W" Krqna, s- «<»ri« H B l^nuoc, »asi» Kosa
C H >ohite. Aiameda C Braotseb i)tniM4
P W1... C» > UsJiari, i>o* Acfeies
A Scsaa*tnb*cli*w.opiln KW" hsu;i, J*JiO
J s> D:ntu,.r'. >.;::t iir* Conseo, lorocto
v L Itetaa F: Jones O a ioo. * w, Cal
iisM R*od»ll.U, llistsr W R , yrr. -ac
TTf '1 itmMli i «. ti Miss L lUj^tfslf, Cal
Mrs N HoSxaan, >hfz;a~ MtM ti K»rcno«T.sbfcrdn
Mi>* I Karcaoer. thendn F T M»«uire.i.o^ t HUI
J Cu:r.n. £.nr«ka H B»rkfr. Hopiaßd
-VJss - Cavanash.- CM X Ft«-tc2j*r. ban Dj- po
X X I>y. r Jackson .1 Vandervosu l.Aap«ies
W W hi:e, Poruanc A «.al« « o r-an Jim
F M Graaaia, -»a Jose >:;< J Ursber, mwu
Jt. Huniptrer. X my. C*l
W Jl Kicfcarcvon**. Cal Sirs AD i-aacaste*. Cal
F L Frtarh. ~ Lrui i* A Htma*:, sac
y >«in, Gnica* c t Grif , Cil
vV X Wnitf A w . Cal J Favoar A tt, Hejt.dsbg
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J Mtrtqceeny, Llvrrmre >!.«.- I >c:hrr.»oi. Clali
L D Crasics, Livtnsore J B Ijaaman, V:»b
J Lacr, Los Anp M.s« J KoUosoa, >• V
W Gootrn, Vallejo \V W Vm*> Los AEf
X r> ~t;L«r KivsDO > * ©lie, Lcs Acr
X Pc ers, Ariz DPLco., Krrefca
J Ar. o,a. i hi a c; ) r»ar ret a
Mis» X RictanJ*. Wub J Kva.n- A »-, s-aa Jom
J Browe, >poKmn* i" X Gfcliasbrr, Dunrpai
A J T.-or w. sactd J B UcSo&ald. Cbicaeo
J * >'»x:oo <t w.s-n .ID-f ilr«» * Mcoi.x iXhlOtf
J C B»iro: <t w.^a Jose R Beaioa. CUeo
Mrs M Frt*r*a* « c. Cal J t-prar«j<-. >iovuf
J X ABdersoa. J resao jiis* J Kas*. Bosuoa
Ji_ Erowa. > resno — • - - : •
The fac-siiaile y^ yZfTTZ^T* is on every wrapper
-cgnatare of C*U/fif7%£4*K of CASTOKIA.
OLD NAT FULMER`S
MEED OF SORROW
I Poverty Confronts One
of McKinley's Army
Comrades.
Barred ■ From a Position to
Which the President Ap
' * pointed Him.
Lacks Educational Qualifications
Required of an Arizona
:^v*' 'Llna-Rlder. " "
PHCENIX, . Ariz., April 2ti.— A good
! deal of interest i* lelt here in the melan
j choly case of Nat Fulmer of Nogales. He
| was a member of President McKinley's
J regiment, tbe Tweniy-thlrd Ohio, but j
being in straitened circumstances he i
' could not afford tbe trip to Washington i
and was not present, along with the other
surviving numbers of the regimen, at
the inauguration ceremonies. He wrote
a friendly letter to the new President, how
ever, expressing his rearet at being un
able to attend, and -explaining -that his
abser.ee was dne to th<s fact that a neigh
bor who owed him $500 failed to pay on
time.
The President is said to have answered
i Fulmer's communication with an auto
graphic letter, in which' he thanked his
old comrade for rememberins him, ex- i
pressed his regret at not being able to
shake him by the hand and asked him if
he could do anything either personally or
officially to "promote his comfort and '.
welfare."
Nat Fulmer wrote back asking the
| President to appoint him Customs Inspec
' tor at Nogales. This is a subaltern posi
j tion under the Collector and the com
j pensation is §S0 a month. The duties of
the office are those of a "line rider" and
j t: c chief educational requirements are
I tnose of riding horseback, shooting a Win- i
! Chester and a General fcnowltdgeof the!
j contour of the conntry where the riding '
1 and snooting is to be done.
Pre».dent McKinley made the appoint
i meat unhesitatingly, and yet Nat Fulmer '
i has not assumed office, for the reason that
j he is deficient on Asiatic geography and
not fully informed upon the location of
Cape Finisterre or on the chemical com
position of coal ga«.
It turns out that this position is under
j civil service rule, and a scholastic exam
! ination is necessary for all applicants. An .
examination was held at Noga!e« not long
ago, and only a decrepit schoolteacher, ;
physically incapable of sitting on ahorse,
succeeded in answering enough of the ,
questions to pass.
N»t Fulmer was with McKiuley in the
regiment when the latter received his first
start in life. This was after the battle of .
Antietair, when, through the sfeui and .
enerjsy of Commissary Sergeant William
McKinley in" hastliag off the wagons, the
members of the Twenty-third were the
only ones who had a cap of cofTee and a
crust of bread apiece to satisfy tneir hun
ger before turning in for tbe night. It j
was for this bit of -service that Colonel j
Rutherford B. Hayes promotea William I
McKinley to a second lieutenancy, ana
Nat Fulmer was his chief assistant on that j
occasion.
A good deal of interest is taken in Ful- j
mer's case here, and the matter has been
discussed a great deal in tbe local press,
while some of the Eastern newspapers
have also commented upon the peculiar
state of aftairs which prevents the Presi
dent's regimental comrade from serving
in such a minor position simply because
te lacks in scholastic attainments.
MAD ERA'S MIMING BOOM.
Waggoner's Gold Strike Near Ra>nr.ond
Circs Premise ef Y<ei(/.ng Str
eraJ Fortunes.
FRESNO, Cat . April 26.— The Sladera
County miners are exc:;ed over a rich
strike made in "Waggoner's mine, eight
mile* above Raymond and the simt dia
tance from the old mining camp and sta
tion known as Coarse Gold. The reports
which reached th.s city are based upon
reliable authority, and they indica c that
a wonderful derosit of the yellow metal
has been uncovered. As yet the mine
hi< been worked only on a small scale,
and there are good reasons to eirect that
when more extenfive developments are
mr.de a real conan?a will reward the
owners.
Mr. Wapgoner first be^an strikins gold
1 in bis cruae sb&U «t»Qt tte Ist of Marcb,
and up to April 1 be extracted in the
ceignbornood of $2J,U(X) wor:h of hisnly
productive ore. Oa April 1 be soid the
mine te Il.uOJ to £ha* Brnihers of Ray
j mond, one ot whom, A. C. Shaw, t\as tne
Rfpablican candidate for tne Ass-embly
in t: c Siitv-third District at the last
election. Iher hare great faith ia the
| future of their property and those wbo
have inTestigaled tne mine g.ve the new
, owners every euconraitenieEt by expres
sions o! highly 'avorable opinions.
The precious nieiai ex si« in a classifica
i tion known as wire co a and is ot unnsaai
I purity. The rock abounds wiih ii and it
jis ea-:iy wor&ea out- Waggoner pictec
I nis iortun« oai with a hamsoer af:cr h»v
iBJt itruck tha ledge. One ton of ore was
run throu<:n an arasira and it yielded
$2000 in gold. The ore is consider.- d too
valaabe to be stacked on the damp and is
sacked and stored in a building, where it
will t>e kept until worked in a mill which
Saaw Bro>. will erect-
The old miner* in the i.eighbcrhood of
the bonarza are very enthusiastic over it
and a>. tbo«« who own r.aicc in the
vicinity are digging for tt»e continnanoe of
the wondericl ieage. Mr. Waggoner,
whom fortune has smiled upon so fortu
nately, has resided at the place with his
family foribe pa»t twenty years and pros
r<ected wit • poor scccess ali the time. H*
is now abont 55 years of age and he and'
his family have already begun to enjoy
their weaith. They have boapht a com
plete set cf new furniture for their moun
tain home, a new |400 piano and other
luxuries that wealth can afford.
MASIS'S CO.*I£MPT CJfi:.
Sheriff flr.ry Harritcn f,ra».r4 -4»t-
i thrr HfiJt'i rtnlinun.c.
SAX RAFAEL. Cai_, April 2S.—
contempt proceedincs ar»tnn Sberi2
Henry Harrison, who is accused of per
mitting Colonel Pe:er A. Finigan, the
millionaire mine-owner who is in the
cocaiy j»U ior reltisine to pay $750 to his
wile as alimony pending aer acuon lor
diTorce, to© xsuch freedom were post
poned cntil next Moncay. ss the Enerifi,
who is also ilarin Conaty's Tax Collector,
could not withoat inconvenience attend
court to-day.
CoJonei Fmigan was visited to-day by
his attorneys. An application has been
made to have ihe court apDoint a re
ceiver to tak<? charge of the coionel's prop
erty and realize a sum sufficient to appease
the order of the court and allow the
wealthy prisoner, his freedom. The col
onel ha 9 now been in the county jaii for
three long weeks and is under lock and
key all of the time. Regularly every day
his daughters visit him and bring flowers
and other tokens. It is expected that
some move will be made shortiy by which
Colonel Finigan can again return to bis
daughters.
riSB J.\ £A.\T HAy JO»E.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. April 27.-A fire in
East San Jose, at 12:30 o'clock this morn
ine, destroyed five buildings.
The losses were as follows: A. Hable's
livery stable, $2000; Barnnm & Hollister,
wood yard. $750; J. Rosat, blacksmith.
|3SO; T. M. Wiliiams, wagon-shop, ?300 ; J.
Coombes estate, $100 ), and J. Huntley,
fnrniture. $203, all partially insured.
The origin of the tire is unknown.
PESTS IN SOUTHERN ORCHARDS.
h¥as;on by Millions of Army Worms Re-
ported From Points Below
Tehcchcpr.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 2d— The
army worm, which created such havoc
among vegetables in this part of the State
two years ago, has asain made its appear
ance. This time it threatens to do more
damage than when it las*, visited Southern
California. Horticultural Commissioner
Scott says it :- doing considerable iajury
near the Lamfcersnira ranch in tnis coun
ty, where 200 acres of trees have been
stripped of all leaves and in many in
stances of even the bark.
San Bernardino. Orange and Riversile
county repor s state that there are mil
lions of the little pests. At Bnrbank and
Glenda.'e the ravaee? of the worm have
been extensive. They have eaten the
young snoots in the vineyards, which will
make; the crops laic :f not destroy them
ai»o*e:her.
Orchardists are preDarine to fight the
worms. The best remedy found so far is
Paris green and bran moisteued with
sweetened water.
EATOXrjIjLE CttpPEß riELDS.
The Beds hre-ntly Discovered Frove to
Be I nl'u'.owlu Rirh.
TACOMA, Wash.. Aprii — Expert
miners who have visited ;he copper finds
en the L-.r.le Mashell Kiver, near Eaton-
Tiile, in Pierce Couniy, about thirty-rive
miles from Tacoma, returned to-day and
declare the extent ani richne-s of the find
to be a. most beyond belief. Veins of greai
width can be traced for six miles, and the
ore is of a free-mi!l:n£ nature and very
easily mined. The copper mines of Lake
Superior are declared to be but small
affairs contrasted with this beit,
Tacoma is all agog with the news to
night, ani before to-morrow nighi many
wi.i be on their way to locate claims.
San liefa'l Wedding.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Apri. 26.— Harry
G. Hopkins, nephew of Superintendent
E. H. Shoemaker of the Nor! fa Pac.ric
Coast Railroad, was married to-day to
M:ss Minnie baunders of San Rafael at
the heme of the brde'g mother. The
young couple will make their home at
Larkspur.
Matter lirfea • O' />oh »«?,'?.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa.. Acrii 26. — Peter
Maher knocked Steve O'Donneli to the
rorve? in the sixth and final round o! a hot :
boxing bout to-night. O'Donnell was all
but out and raised his Hands in tcken of
defeat.
TEE MALEDICTION.
An ArtUtic Production to B? Gitcq by
the Gentiernon's Sodality.
An artistic production of the historical
drama, "The Maiediction," is to be given
under the auspices of the Gentlemen's So
dality of St. Ignatius Church, in the au
ditorium of St. Icnatics Coilepe, corner of
Grove street and Van Xees avenue, to
morrow evenin?.
The cast includes F. P. Hayne, Thomas
W. tiicKey. Dr. F. B. Robinson, Vincent
Tobin, A. Scbleicher. Dr. William Sieberst,
Alfred McKinnon, George Connolly, F.
Hay and other amateurs ol recognized
ability. A special feature will be tne Sol
diers' Quartet, which will render very ef
fective harmonized glees, composed for
the occasion by Rev. A. Coltelh,*S. J.
The following well-known artists will
appear in the concert to precede the
drama: D»v,a Manlloyd. tenor; G. V.
*Vood, basso; WiUiam O'Brien, tenor,
and the famous violinist, J&hn Mar
qnhardt.
raw TO-DAT
When
You Travel
you require
clothing that will stand rough
wear and not show the dust
How would you like a perfect-
fitting sack suit, in gray mix-
ture that will look well and
last until you grow tired of it ?
It is the best value we have
showa this season.
BROWN^*«I
Wholesale >:a.=ufmctu7*rs
Props. Or&ott C:?,- U'ae^n MH2s
Fine clothing:
For Men, Boy ot Child
RETAILED \
At Wholesale Prices
1 121-123 SANSOME STREET,
£et Busk and Aue Sfc,
; ALL BLUE SIG.«S
jWritift Mai vsptal Pills
Ar»<.cKiicwi«igei by thoasaaa» of persoas who
h»»* -.•<: »fa L»r rcr;v years to enr*
S IK HJEADaCHE, GXbIUSJES^ C^TTP*
Grossniaa : s uilubilib MIaIiIIj
Thl^ 1 *•* fl P«»nr«=. cs*a««- ot .
Chang* la mppiicixion 10 boiinis*. Tfce m^-iiclnp
ccnialnsnouilijc that v of tt>< least iajnrv to to*
TOKEN CURES.
\ .
\ ' ■
\ WHEN YOU FEEL LIST-
) »» ■ less, with no sparkle of
\ lifo in you; when, in fact,
\ you would rather lock your-
-1 self up in a room, with no
\ one near you, it is possible
\that you will turn to one of
}he many things that are
idvertised to do you good
bY faith or something else.
Tie only remedy for you,
my reader, is that which
wi!i replace your manhood;
tbat wbicb will drive for-
ever from you that gloom,
that desr>air and that lack -
of vitality. Don't you feel
that you must have some-
thins? You can hay«
"Hudyan.'' It i 3
FOR MEN ONLY,
But for them it is new Jife.
It really makes manhood.
Why will you not try what
has done so much for
others? The Hudson Med-
ical Institute at 5 Stockton
street alone cm give you
"Hudyan," but you can co
there, get circulars and tes-
timonials and the best med-
ical advice free. Yes, free !
And why not try to be a
man again? Don't give up.
There is no reason for any
6uch folly as that. You can
be cured, no matter how
veak you are, and as sure
as you live "Hudyan" will
doit. To-day i 3 your day;
remember that. You don't
know what to-morrow may
bring.
It mar be possible, of course, that
you are physically strong, but a blood
disease is miking inroads on your ay»-
tem.. If bo, ask for 30-Day Blood
Care" circulars. You will see how to
get \rell. Hudson treatment cures.
Hudson Medical Institute,
5 Stockton Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
e^UlVCtVnil hore Ttroat. Puppies, Copper-ES
■nAlt'lUU Colorea Spots. Aciw. t)2d Soret-El
|§|Cleers in Jlouth, Esir-lalliagJ rite COOKH
HBEMEBT CO., 30? Mawnlc Tcmplcß
MS Chicago, 111., for proofs cf cares. Capl-Ksl
Btal, »^<»O.OOO. Worst cases cored In 15BM
wßto 35 day». 100-page book, free. p|
O.DEWEY&.CO.>ffSr
patents: ;)
S2O MARKET SJ.SlT^k^
OCEAN IRAVEU
PiaFIC CQAST_NTEAMSEIP CO.
CTEAMEHS LK4LVK BROADWAY A*9.
»_, wfcar:. .Saa l"r&Dci«ro. ss fo*Jo«-«: -&SSBI*
For i.ort» m Jaat». April 1. t> - i:, lv. = 21. s«- -
*ad every fifth day thereafter, s: 9'A '. . . ..
For Viciont »n<i Vancouver B. C), Port Towo-
aend. Se*;:>, Tacoina, Everett. Ani.corie« am '
Stw Wtaicoin iß?:;:tttam Bar. Waali-X 9 a. M.
April 1,6.11. 15,*.'1,28aatl every fifth day there-
eiter, connecucr at Vancouver with ite C P B.
R.. atTaroica with X. P. R. R., at t*eat:ie with G.
S. Ky.. at Port Tow2se.no 1 wltii Alaska steamers.
For }.crc<a. Arcata and >lelda i*naln« {Hnra-
< boldt Bar . «-te. Pomona 2 i». m.. April 2, 6, 10, 14.
IS. -21, i.'6. 30 and every fourth <!*y tetreafter.
For >ant» Croz. ilonterey, San s-icaeon, Cavaeoa,
Port Harfonl <san Luis Ob!«pe), Gaviota. "*^kct»
Barbara, Veatnra, Hceneme, s<an Pedro. Zast si?
Pedro <Ix>s Aae«l«) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
AprU 4. S. 12. 16, 2a 24, 26, *al erery tour;a
day there ai;er.
For >an Dleso. ,gtoppln£ only at Pon Hanori
(Saa Lnlg ObUpo). .-raata Barbara. Pon Loa Aa-
»eie». P.edondo <Loa An^elt-t) and Newport. 1]
A.K. Arr.' 2,6. 10. 14. IS. V 2, CS. 3D, aoa every
fount day thereafter.
For EnseDada. >an Jo»e Cci Caho Vaxatlan. Z.%
Pai aad Gcaymas ,S!eiico\ t:eamer Orix&oa. 10
a. x. Ai-ri. .9 Jan« 2 aad 24 of each month tbefs
h
The Company reserves the right to ciiaare with-
oot prevloaa notica steamers, Railing dates mat
hours of aa.ling. Ticket u&oa— Palace Hove*. 4
Xew Montgomery Rti^at.
GOODAIX. PERKINS * CO., G*sl Ape=ts,
. 10 auirtet «... Sao T*r&pclac»t. -
THE O. R. & N. CO.
lISPATCH FAsT STEA3IEKS XO
Trcm £pe*r-stree; Wh*rt at 10 a- it
Colombia Apr:: CS,ilay mi.
State of CalXfornla....Aprn2S.irayS 18, -g
Thronfti uckets and throoch btmn to a^
Ea.:er 0 po»a. Kates aad tasa« l^f\ J £.^
T. F. CONS OR. Gene-a; a*«k.
_gOODAI.r. PERKIX9 * d 5O *£**I':™£Z -, -
PmmammMtm "nies. soxnwjC!
i*Sß"**"*&nd ACCKLAM) for
■ STB N i. V. 2 h jrsd*y.
O^r^\T\ April t-9. 2r.n
-^JrJHiNIiD- -^ >a : r ..a 1.1 a for
\^iiifAli*q 2 r. it tpecial party
rates.
LIcetoCOOLGAKDIE. Ausl. CAPETOWN.
£oath Africa.
J. D. bPRICKELS* BROS. CO., Axenta.
114 Jiont^omery street.
Frfisht eSce, £CT M»rt-i sireei. Ma Fraccisca.
WSPACSIE GENERAL HUttlUin|H
* rench Line to H»rr».
pIOMP AN V* PIKP.(XE W>,42 NORTH J*«C:
\J Kve:,fdo:ofMo::ca*i. l^aveiers by tg^VP
this line avoU both transit by Enclisa rtn*»y as|
the .'mfort of %ross:nx tie c&aaael in a &maii
boat. >f* Vort to Alexandria. Kjypj na P*nt
tr»t class $lt>U. secood uau flit.
LA GAttOGXE May 1. 10 a. it
LATOCRAISK MiV *S- lot JL
LA BRKTAi. ..Ma- l^ 10 a. w .
LaCHAMraOSE.. ...Mar n 10 a v
iUAftA^cqovi S>v :a 10a.it"
JHT For Itnher part leal ars apply to
_ _ _ A. FORGKT. Afon^
S»n.K flAIftTU..lIE&ff LWS
gr*?T^^y^? TWIX-SUUEW EXPREia
*= J 'I "lffTTr. 1^ Lin» iroai .Nc« ott .a
Ply ra?nth( l>Oßdon^. Cherboor& i'ar»s <t nuaiaan.
Norn:*.i.u.» a.. .-r ■ ... n m . Juoa c«
lo.r.tubia May IS j t-o.uaib;a June"."
F. Bismarefc Ma 1!? ) auc. Victoria. a ilf . ■_ -
H^ m r American L1n»..3; B'wav N Y.
KARN & HKRZOu, 401 Calilorala si.
San Francisco. Cal.
i STOCKTON STEIMERS
V? aY fr le i; T °- ?• Washington S--
At t> P. M. Daily. tr«irhi received «p
t0..:3.> P. >i
»a- Accomcaovl»:ions K<^,-rvea hy TaieptiO2»
Tbt only lint- se.iini: through Ucketa aud pivlat
tbroncß frttieht rai«» to all pour.s on V«li*»
Railroad.
•»«r .^ STEAMERsi:
T. C. TTalVer, J. T>. FMrr..
Mary Oarratt. City of <tock ton.
letepteone atajc SOS. Cau Say. asd laipu O*
FOR C. x. IATY-YAfiD AID VALLEJO.
STKAMEK "MONTICELtO."
Mon.. Tjw, Wed.. Ttu-s. sat . /
.-»:4Sa. m. aad Slsr m (»* Kaftai)
FrkJayß - Ip.h, 9>Mt
8 !O*J a. X andS r. v.
iAßdln«and oßlces. Mission Doci, rieri
; Tcicpnone Greet: SM.
FOX S.WJOSE. LCS 6ATOS& SAXTACnrZ
. *> Ti T AMKR ALVISO LKAVK>> PIJh. K 1 DAILY
O ibnnaays except»d» at 10 a. it A:vT»o"o"a'
<^«tnnl y exwptedl ai :p. m F7e«nt ana
Passenger. Fare bviweeo *«aa Fraactioo uZ
m W. mmk» uar» •*.. baa Joa» *SEALED
ORDERS
BROKEN
Opening Day of the Fourth
Annual Woman's
Congress.
THE MAYOR'S ADDRESS
OF WELCOME.
The Church, th° '^tate and the
Schcol Are Ab y Repre
sented
MES. GARDENER'S TRIBUTE TG
CALIFORNIA
B.illiant Papers or. "Chid Psycho -
cgy" Re Lid by Ncted In.
struetors
The flrnt keynote of the Woman's [
Congrem was struck by Professor Jor- j
lan. In l.ingiiitge nt once poetical ami
Striking ho rliitrACtc i i7.«'tl wom:tn'» i»t- j
titml- ti»-d»»y a« one «jf "working, !
striving. .Ri'.i-.ig under «e,:iled order*."
At iinrr the, happy phr«Br "caught
<in,"Mn. Helen Gmrd«ner Immediately
voting in Ita favor and pi ending for its I
adoption.
"The congre s will please come to order. \
I will ask the janitor if he will kindly !
close the'doors during the prayer." With i
these wor.is Mrs. John F. Swift, president ;
of the Woman's Congress of the Pacific j
Coast, opeued their fourth annual «ession ]
yesterday morning and started the flow of '
reason and tie feast of deep thought and !
cultured observation.
The congress was a bit late in coming to !
order. The shift of the place of meeting j
from the First Congregational Church to
the GoMen Gate H.wl at such short notice
found the iadie* somewhat unprepared for
the reception of their interested adherents j
and euests. Ready hands, however, came
quickly to the rescue and by the time a!l
rose in silent reverence to join in prayer
the stage was bright with palms and fair
caila lilies, witn a touch of color added by
means of draperies 01 yellow bunting. On
the president table rested a huge bunco
of snow-white rose-, and everywhere was
discernible thai touc. of woman's hand i
that beautirie- and adorns even the cheer- I
less lecture platform.
In spite 01 the cheery bustle of prepara
tion and the natural pxcitement conse
quent UDon a ereat work carrying with it {
such tremendous results, the opening
fres>ion of the congress found the aotivb
members sa I with painful memor
ies.- On ev«ry tongua was the name, in
every mind the thought of the dear de
pared, revered late president, Mrs. Sarah
B. Cooper.
Judsing by the first day's session this I
congress will lack that spirit ot resiless
excitement of the suffrage coneress. There
•will probably not be ao much burning
eicquence and spirited rhetoric, but m re
of the general result of the union of
thought and heart that the object of thi*
congress, general education, inspires. Ii"
tli« fourth congress has not brought such
well-known workers as the worthy Susan j
B. Anthony and her witty lieutenant, Miss i
Bhiiw, it has given in their stead such j
distinguished guests as Mrs. Helen Gar- j
dener and the Hindoo sage, Brahma- |
cnarin Bodhabhikshu.
The first day ression afforded no op
portunity for a lengthy discourse from I
these widely known orators, but their j
sententious responses to some of the dis- j
courses gave a foretaste of tne pleasures |
in store.
Mr?. Gardener's timely answer to Mayor j
Phelan showed her possessed of that j
ready wit, an apropos answer. She i
speaks in quick, clear-cut tones, each word '
carrying us weight and adding to the '
force of the whole. Her tribute to Cali
fornia was glowinu ana immediately cap
tured ail h- arts.
"I am not surprised at anything I see j
in California," she said. "The only thing |
that astonishes me 1- how all the | eDple !
happen to be rich. Wliere do they get
the tirue to make their money? They
certainly spend all their time, according
to my observation, in being courteous to
strangers."
. The Braumacharin thou^ri following
this neatly turned compliment, managed,
however, to win the sincere respect, if not
t.ne hearts, of all his audnors. Hfe voieod
his sentiments in excellent English,
rounding his sentences with a sonorous,
musical voice and impassioned gestures.
"Woman, as a daughter, is the heavenly
flower stolen from Paradise to adorn the
me," he poetically exclaimed. "As the
BRAHMACHARIN BODHABHIKSHU GRATIFIED.
It gives me much pleasure to see how the woman power is working for the good
of humanity in this Western World. It seems that the corruption on the part of the
men in America, due to too much commercialism and consequent thoughtlessness,
is to be remedied by the women.
I have watched very closely since my arrival in this country how men, in order
to make money, have forgotten even the simplest rules of morality— how they adver
tise things on the streets, telling wholesale lies, simply to get money; how they
introduce into the market intoxicating liquors and other rubbish and poisons, such as
chewing gum and chewing tobacco, only to corrupt human nature. This makes one
really very sad. Oh, how great is the degradation! When, however, the visitor
looks to the other side of society— the circle of ladies— hope at once comes to him.
It is indeed gratif ying to see how the ladies are doing their best to spread the cause
of temperance and to save women from the barbarism of men. From these facts it
is quite evident that the woman power is to save America, though at the
same time the woman power has to work here in a way which is
hardly in accordance with the laws of nature, for the woman power il
really the sustaining power of society, like the mother principle of nature. In fact
It is one and the same power which plays the part of the mother both in physical
nature and human society. But in physical nature the power works silently yet
steadily and surely. To be effective it must also net in the same way in human
society— silently, gently, but surdy. The main power must work to influence the
Lome. There it is that the woman has to hold the rein of society in her hands as
daughter, sisttr, wife or mother. This is the most natural way.' Unfortunately
however, the woman here has to walk out into the outside world and to cry for
woman's suffrage, so as to check the immoral legislation of men, showing evidently
that she has little influence at home. Had she any she would have hardly any
necessity of going out and cry for a vote. For the legislators are fathers, brothers
husbands , and sons, and the woman could lead them in any way she liked in her
fourfold influence.
However that may be, inside or outside, by natural means or unnatural, it is
the woman power, let me repeat, which will save America.
Therefore, I am glad to see the ladies of California meeting together to discuss
points leading to the good of humanity. I hope they will do so in the real spirit of
selflessness and not only as a show and a fashion.
RABBI NIETO Addressing the Woman's Congress.
sister, she is a ministering anuel; as a
wife, the queen of tlie home and the heart,
a:id a* a mother a goddess on earth.
"Woman i< the silent power. She is
nature's strength. She is ihe gr at sus
taining power of the universe. Therefore I
say : 'Walk ye together; speak ye to
gether; know ye the things of each other
together.' "
The afternoon session fiund things
more in readiness and a larger audience
assembled. The morning had been ue
voted to weicoruiiiK the strangers and
mapping out the work. Afternoon found
the worKers ready to begin. "Child Life
and Child Study" was ably discussed by
such well-known and able educators as
Professor T. B. Bailey of Berkeley, Miss
l.ucy M. Wash OQra of San Jose, Kabbi
Nieto and Mrs. Wilson Gould of Oak
land.
The speakers were a bit tardy and the
order ot the programme had to be re
versed, Dr. Nieto -"peaking first instead of.
last as originally arranged. Miss Wash
burn and Rabbi Nieto's address caused
considerable discussion. Rev. Dr. Walk
took exception to accepted ideas and
made a |lea for tlie uncultured parent
and the neglecied child. Dr. Nieto mis
understood Dr. Walk's drift and again
took the platform to make matters intel
ligible. Tnis brought Dr. Walt again on
the stage to explain and a cood-natured,
all-roun 1 explanation followed.
Mrs. Gardener was called upon to tell
about the Mothers' Congress at Washing
ton and graphically describe! the enthu
siasm that prevailed at this famous con
gress.
"CHILD PSYCHOLOGY."
Interesting First Day's Work of
the Fourth Annual Woman's
Conjjr ss,
With a prayer by Rev. Dr. Adams the
I fourth annual Woman's Congress of the
Pa> ific Const Association wa* inaugurated.
To the Rev. Dr. Walk fell the proud
privilege, as he him?elf expressed it, of
j wecoming the coapress. "When the
i ladies first asked me to addrrss them,"
said the reverend gentleman, "I was fully
j conscious of the honor they wished to con
-1 fer upon me. As the son of the first
j Southern clergyman in the Uni;ed States
I who lifted his voice more than thirty
i years a^o in the State of Kentucky in be
j half of equal rights for all and exclusive
i privileges for none, 1 felt I might accep:
! the proud distinction of assisting at the
| fourth annual meeting of the Woman's
I Congress. And X have come with the feel
| ing that every honorab.e effort made for
;he uplifting of woman and of man de
strves my best endeavor, most earnest
prayers and warmest interest-'.
"Let us stand together, and, if it must
j be. fall together. To-day there is no
! loiter a woman's question. It j 9 human
ity's question — the question of equal
rights lor ail, exclusive privileges for
none." Aiter dwtling upon the *übjct
of equ.il remuneration for eaual services
j performed. Dr. Walk thus fervent'y con
: cludeil his addre3s: "Welcome to the City
; by the sea. I give you God speed and beg
to assure you that in all your rfTorts 1
pray that the blessings of him rest upon
you."
On behalf of the City, Mayor Phelan ex
tended the hand of welcome to the con
gress and *he visitors from near nn<l f;>r.
As befkied the official representative of
j the peouJe, he dwelt witii longinp praise
i upon the glories o: ;his preat Western
City. He recalled to his auditors that the
great march of civilization is westward
and that the City that made him its of
ficial head is the farthest in the West.
Said the Mayor: "We owe a debt of grati
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1897.
tude to the ladies of this congress for
bringing as all together and bringing us
in contact with distinguished strangers.
It is our duty to extend the hand of iios
pitaiity. As tlie Mayor of this City, 1 not
only welcome the strangers, but thank the
ladies themselves for the movement they
have inaugurated."
Dr. David Starr Jordan, president of
Stanford University, was the next speaker.
Ue said in part:
In the past women have been acting under
sealed orders, consequently they had to deal
with the lit He things of life; they hud no choice
as to the large ones, so it was uiieu hupposed
that women were frivolous.
It was only the natural result of acting under
sea'ed orders. A woman might have been
one-third noet, but the rest was what chance
and marriace ma<ie her. The spirit of democ
racy Is the breaking ol these orders. The lime
has come for women to think and act for them
selves. Here I may say it would be bitter il
•ome men were working under sealed orders
all :he time.
Democracy does a great deal for personal de
velopment. It is making better men and
women, not better government- It is not right
to just do the best one knows how; it must be
the best that it is possible for any one to do.
There has been a great deal of misery caused
by good women who do the best they know
how, but— they ought to know better. Now
the influence of women is as important at the
work of men.
Mrs. John F. Swift, president of the
Connies , followed Dr. Jordan in an ap
propriate aadress. She said:
Since our last meeting I have been called
npon to preside over this congress owing to
the death of our dear president. Mrs. Sarah B.
Cooper. We bare all sustained a great 10-s
and many o' vi a personal bereavement. It
has been a great privilege to have been associ
ated with Mirh a noble woman in the work of
the congress and mher association*. Si.c was
one of the promoters and organizers of the
Woman's Congress of the Pncitic Coast and
our guide and friend — one o! the purest and
noblest of women. The subject of this con
gress was selected by the late president at the
close of the last one, and we have endeavored
to carry out her plan.
Since the last session of the congress much
has been done toward the end we have in
view, end the prospect of ultimate success is
good. The subject t hi* year is "Education,"
on its broadest lines. Every effort has been
put forth to in".kc this Congress a success by
those in charge, and we hope that you may
carry away to your h«mes much of benefl t and
pleasure from the deliberations of earnest
thinkers here assembled.
Professor T. B. Bailey of Berkeley
opene-i the afternoon session v, ith his
paper on "Child Study and Reverence."
Hi- addiess proved that he spoke from
experience— an experience gained by work
in a tield where love held full sway. He
said:
The beginning of child study is in Interest
ing children. We need two virtues in child
study— continuity nnii patience. Tne person
who studies children arid givt-s it up not only
has done himself no good, but has done the
children harm. The way to study a child is
to get holJ of its soul, its heart, its mind.
Say to it. "My child, give me your heart."
All who are interested iv child study should
become b^opraphirs. As we must first be
amateur naturalists before we bicome men
fli!<l woruc-u of science so we must become
better mothers, laihyrs, Drothers and sitters
before we en in for scientific en i Id study.
With these two virtues, patience and con
tinuity, tod<>ther with observation and com
paris/ii, tnkiiiK tne chlid as a basis, we should
arrive at splendid results. Love and interest
for chid re n is also necessary. Love without
interest is not wanted. Child study devolops
tact, child study is life. It is part of
the ordinary study of humanity. It
oug'..t to be reverential. To those who
would make the stu<iy of children I
would say, get closer to the children. Woman
is peculiarly fitted for the education of chiN
•Ir^n, it !■ said. If this he so, let them show
;lieir unturp.l intuition, their power of love in
influencing other lives, by increasing their
knowledgo of thos3 they can help most. Oniy
by months and yeirs of patient observation
can we accomplish something.
Miss Severence took the platform to dig
cuss this able address of Professor Bailey
and made an earnest plea for the co-oper
ation of teacher and parent.
Mrs. Washburne of Ban Jose read a pa
per on "The Relation of Parents and Chil
dren to School Wurk." Her paper, which
was listened to most attentively, con
tained the following:
My talk has all been made forme, so there
is but little to Bay that has not already been
said. My subject is "Tho Relation of the Pa
rents to Hie hiidren's Work tv 8chool." I
speak of the co-operation so sadly needed iv
our schools— co-operation of the teacner
anJ pnrent. It seems incredible that so few
parents are at all acquainted with the teach
ers of their children. The chi.dren pass from
grade to grade and sometimes right through
the schools without the parents once seeing
any of the teachers.
Thero seems to be a notion that school is
exclusively for the children, and except on
exhiDliion days parents arc rarely seen in the
schoolhouse. This should not be. The parent
nnd the teacher should be on lamiliar terms
always. If a child is not strong do not send
him to school for the whoie session; half a
day is enough. The child may not get through
so soon, but in the end it will accomplish far
more good than it ho wore forced to spend in
doors the time that should be spent in the
sunshine. I Rpenk from experience, for up to
my sixeenth year I went to school only a
naif of each day, and there wns not a day
passed but thai either my mother or father
and sometimes both visited my schoolhouse.
Afu-r Miss Washburne, Rabbi Nieto was
introduced. Ilia paper treated of "The
MoratWraining of Children." He aaid in
part:
A child is not born, as some people assume
with a conscience all ready mnde, but if
healthy nnd with a normal brain, the child
comes into the world with the raw material
out of which it is our duty to construct a con
science.
Never make a promise you do not intend to
keep, n.na always perform what you promise
Do not disappoint without reason ana desirov
• child's natural faith in its parents Trust
begets trust, and if you wish to have confi.
deuce in jour children, to rely upon their
word, le 1 . them be able to rely on you. Never
converse lightly of the absent in the presence
of children; it destroys their respect for the
elders and incidentally for their parent*. A
child has a lense of strict Justice which unfor
luiiaiely is too often blunted by ihosa who
should strive to render it more keen. The
child, though it at first recognizes the mean
ness of adversely criticising those absent
grows used to it after hearing it often.
Mr*. Wilson Gould of Oakland doted
the afternoon **w-on with an address on
"Child Culture." "When wo reach ttie
sacred precinqts of child culture," Mm.
Gould eiplaine4. "«e are touching upon
dangerous ground. The problem of proper
child culture implies mother culture,
parent culture, and of that echo an «wers,
Where?* Many good women, even in this
day and generation, sneer at the proposi
tion of parent culture, and stand prepared
10 trust all to blind instinct, euphoniously
termed mother's love. But in these days
nothing can escape the searching eye and
trained thought of the scientist, and
mother love and mother intuition must
bear the searching light of science. And
!-o .we see that the day is coming when
motherhood -fiali no longer be recognized
as an Instinct, but as an education per
fected." v
EVENING SESSION.
Child Study In Several Different
Phases Are Elaborated
Upon.
The evening session began with the
reading of a paper by Mrs. Louise Mait
land of Stanford, entitled "The Develop
ment of Children, as Seen in Their Draw-
trig*."
The lecturer exhibited a large number
of colored drawings, illustrating the sub
ject of her paper. From experiments
made by young children in Nebraska
schools it was ascertained that boys are
far be md girls in recognizing colors, and
that the order of preference in colors by
young children ia as follows: Black,
white, red, yellow, blue and orange. Pro
fessor Earl Barnes made experiments w itb
1300 Oakland school-children, which
showed a decided preference for the
brighter colors — red, yellow and blue.
(i. W. Lucky, professor of pedagogy in
the University of Nebraska, ascertained
that the ability to see certain colors is
rery defective in young children. Pro
fesior Joseph Jastro made experiments on
4500 people at me World's Fair between
the ages of 6 and 70 years. Among these
blue was the least selected by those be
tween 6 ana 18 years old. Light red is
preferred by tbo&e below 18 years old.
Children from 6 to 12 years old delight
in laying on bright colors in large masses
without much regard to detail. Realism
begins to assert itself after the age of 12
years.
A very small number of young children
use color realisticaly, and this number in
creases with age.
Miss Grace Barnard read an interesting
paper on "Modifications of the Kindergar
ten System in the Light of Child Study."
One of the ablest papers of the day was
thai of Miss Mary Donnelly, a teacher in
the San Francisco School Department.
The r>ap«r was entitled, '"Unconscious
Tuition." She began by saying that it
lay largely in the power of home to make
or unmake the school. Courtesy, patience
ana cheerfulness are the unconscious
teaching of home. The speaker said that
the time was not far off when the home
and the school would be so much alike
that there will .'■• but little transition from
one to the other. Miss Donnelly added :
"Tho teacher's strongest power lies in
her unconscious teaching ; her personality,
which is a Dower for good or for evil that
reaches out into infinity. It is a marvel
that our young folks are as good as they
are when we consider the influence of the
iconoclastic press so often teeming with
slander, vituperation, sensationalism and
maliciouf caricatures."
Professor Earl Barnes of Stanford fol
lowed with a paper on "Children's Ideas
of Punishment."
President Swift advised tbe women in
ttie audience not to wear large hats or
waring plume-* while attending the con
gress — or take them off like a man.
The congress will resume work at 10
o'clock this morning.
WHAT THEY SAY.
Influence of the Woman's
Congress on the Com
munity for Good.
One of the most promising features of
the congress seems to be the absolutely
impartial spirit with which they seek for
and admit evidence from all sides, and
weigh and consider it before they formu
late any general theory. This is a very
pleasing feature, because women are very
often accused of being prejudiced and one
sided. The spirit of dogmatism is ab
sent.
They are asking us to bring our evi
dence before them, as far as we have
worked it out, and let every hearer judgo
for himself or herself.
MRS. LOUISE MAITLAND
of Stanford University.
Women as Te achers.
Women are rapidly coming to dominate
the work of public school teaching. Ninety
per cent of our army of 400,000 teachers
in the United States are women. Judge
Draper, president of the Illinois State
University, says, as a result of long ex
perience, that the greatest weakness in
our American women teachers is their
inability to play a part in public affairs,
to give and take in public discussion in
which lies the very basis of American
life.
Such meetings as this present congress
must do much to correct this weakness,
and if nothing more is accomplished than
to bring to the women engaged in teach
ing, facility in giving and taking in public
affairs tbe present congress will be fully
justified.
PROFESSOR EARL BARNES,
of Stanford University.
A Bnghtener.
I think that the Woman's Congress
The fac-rimile j^# . w«rw . Z** *• on «ywy wrapper
•ignatuxe of (*L*&zi<cL&&l& .of CASTOBIA.
of the City and County of San Fran
cisco is the greatest benefit that has
ever come to it. It has done more than
anything else I know to brighten the
life of both women and men. It is of
my personal knowledge that a large
number of people are thankful beyond
expression because of the existence of
the congress. People who had been ac
tually asleep before have been awake
ever since, and they live from year to
year upon the remembrance of the ses
sions.
I regard the congress as of vital In
fluence in the community. '
MISS MARY DONNELLY
Of the San Francisco School Depart
ment.
Food for the Mind.
I think that the Woman's Congress
has done wonderful work in the line of
dictating to women, especially to mothers,
the necessity for their taking a lively
interes: in not only the things within
the four walls of home, but the outside
influences which have a direct bearing
upon the safety or the destruction of the
home.
At one time women thought that they
had nothing to do but to get up in the
morning to see that their children's faces
were washed and that they had enough
to eat, without even looking to see what
kind of food was furnished to their
homes. This congress has taught us
that we must know what kind of food
for the mind as well as for the body is
being furnished to our children.
MME. LOUISE SOBIER
Of the Woman Suffrage Association.
DRUM'S MANLY DENIAL
The Victorious Young Athlete
Repudiates Any Recourse
to stimulants.
He Gives Strong Credit for Berkeley's
Field-Diy Triumph to Man
agers and Trainer.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 26.— Wi1l P.
Drum, who covered himself and his uni
versity with glory at Saturday's great in
tercollegiate field day, is indignant over
the insinuation that bis victory was due
to the use of stimulants. Mr. Drum is
well Known as consistently opposed to the
use of stimulants on any pretext, and his
manly and emphatic denial should set at
rest forever any rumors to the effect that
be had recourse to such extraneous and,
as he deems them, illegitimate spun to
effort. He writes as follows:
Editor Call: In your account of Drum's work
in the California-Stanford field nay on laat
Saturday uppetirs this statement:
"It is to be regretted, however, if true, that
dangerous stimulants were used to force this
young athlete to his utmost speed."
The main statement in this sentence is abso
lutely false. No stimulants were tised by
Drum before nor during nor after the field
day. I beiieve that The Call would not will
ingly lend its columns to the circulation of a
Blunder.
I mii: tit also add that Ido not believe that
any of ■ the plucky team that represented
Stanford in the recent contest, and tor whom
our respect is in nowise decreased, would ap
prove 01 this method of depriving an oppoueut
of the credit of his victory.
And. if it is true, as it is elsewhere Implied
In The Call's article, that some of the Stan
ford team were not in good condition, I hope
that next year they may have better managa
ment and training— even to the second best in
the State.
For Berkeley recognizes the fact that to
Manager Barnes and Captain Everett Brown,
who sacrificed themselves lor the sake of the
team, and to their trainer. Al Lean, than
whom there is no better on the coast. Is due
in largest measure the credit of their victory.
Will p. Drum.
Berkeley, Cal., April 26, 1897.
a m — •
ST. FRANCIS PARISH.
It Will Hold a Grand Iranian and
Picnic at Schuetzen Park on
Mayday.
A grand reunion and picnic of St.
Francis parish will be held on Mayday at
Schuetzen Park, near San Rafael. The
committee on games has scheduled thirty
four contests, besides the largest and most
valuable list of gate prizes ever given,
numbering over 200.
The following committees will be in
charge:
Committee of arrangements— P. A. Buckley
(chalrmau), John J. Dudley (secretary), P. A.
Connor, James Kitterman, T. B. lk-l.ard, J.
Gorman, T. B. Cunningham, John Keily Jr.,
H. Curvan. M. Gleason. Ed Foley, Joseph A.
Murphy, M. Thornton, T. Burns, i\ Mctiowan,
Mr. Brusher, M. McFa iden, M. McGlinchy, H.
McNealey.
Committee on grounds— James KUtermaa
\cliairruan). P. A. Connor, William Giliespie.
Committee on games — John Foley (chair
man), P. A. Connor, John J. Dudley, £d Ryan,
(ieorge Kiuerman, Mr. McFadden, T. Burns,
Charles Kiley.
Reception committee — T. B. Cunningham
(chairman), James Uilleran, John Kelly Jr.,
Mr. Neaiy, M. Gleason, P.Mcuowan, C. Muller,
Ed Foley, P. MMc rick.
Tbecommilteo states that a good time
is guaranteed to all. Among tbe various
attractions will be a baby show, a sword
contest tor Company M, League of the
Cross Cadets, a prize for the best-looking
young lady, and numerous other features.
The boat leaves Tiburon ferry, at the
fool of Market street, en route to Schuet
zen Park, at 9 and 11 o'clock A. H., and
12:35, 1:50 and 3:30 p. M. on Saturday next
(Mayday). Tickets tut the round tripwill
be only 75 cent* for adults and 25 cents for
children. The band wi 1 leave on the 9
o'clock boat.
M. M. BAKNET MALIGNED.
He Did ><>t Sail Under Falio Color* at
Fresno.
M. M. Barnet, atoae time business man
ager of the Journal of Commerce, came to
The Call office yesterday aud explained
that be had been maligned by a publica
tion in the papers of San Francisco on
January 10, to the effect that he bad been
falsely representing himself to the people
of Fresno as a representative of the Jour
nal of Commerce and of the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association.
"I originated the idea of association,"
he said, "and I was once about to become
a partner in the Journal of Commerce but
Mr. O'Leary kept the contract after sign
ing it." ' :<V
Mr. Barnet showed a letter from Oscar
Lewis of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, (directed to him at
Fresno and expressing satisfaction at the
efforts Mr. Barnet had made to interest
the people there in starting a similar or
ganization. .
"I male no false statements," he said,
''and all the trouble arose out of family
differences.".-..
To Help Little Children.
At a meeting of the directors of the Eureka
Society for the Protection of Children It was
decided to give an entertainment in the
Young Men's Christian Association bnilding
on the evening of May 27, for the purpose of
raising funds for carrying on the work of the
society. A ft:ie literary and musical pro
gramme is promised. The affair will be under
the direction of the following committee-
Mrs. U M. Pettee, Miss Kate Pettee, K. A. Tut
tle aud Messrs. Steiu. Thorpe and Fredericks.
EDITOR MARRIOTT
ON HIS DEFENSE
Says He Will Justify the
Alleged Libelous
Article.
Is His Declaration Through
Samuel M. Shortridge, His
Attorney.
Scathing Review of People's Home
Savings Bank Litigation That
Caused This Dispute.
8. M. Shortridge startled Judge J. C. B.
Hebbsrd and his friends yesterday when
he announced in Judge Daineerfield's
court that in the Marriott libel case he
proposed to prove that Judge Hebbard
had not been libeled when the News Let
ter spoke of him as a "creature" and a
"tool" who was a dhgrace to the bench
and who ought not to be elected.
Mr. Shortridge was making his opening
statement to the jury after Judge Dainger
field had denied the motion to dismiss the
charge of libel which is pending against
Editor Frederick Marriott. In presenting
this statement on behalf of his client Mr.
Shortridge gave a detailed history of the
troubles that lea up to the present pro
ceedings. They grew out of the failure of
the Pacific Bank and the People's Home
Savings Bank, both controlled by Dr.
R. H. McDonald and his sons.
The article in question was based on a
statement made by a committee of the
savings bank depositors, in which they
claimed that Judge Hebbard had caused
poor men, widows and orphans to lose
their savings by his unfair acts in main
taining General J. H. Sneehan in the posi
tion of receiver of the savings bank when
it had been proved that the interests of
the depositors were jeopardized thereby.
Mr. Shortriage remarked that the record
here purports to show that the State of
California is the plaintiff, yet as a matter
of fact it will be made to appear that J. C.
B. Hebbard is the complaining witness
and persecutor, and that this actually is
properly a civil suit and not & criminal
proceeding.
The serious accusation that Judge Heb
bard was unfit for the position he sought
would be plainly proved by the records of
the court, and would be sustained and
overproved by oral testimony from the
witness chair.
No malicious intent on the part of Ed
itor Marriott had been proved, and the
detense will show that so far troni there
being any malice, Mr. Marriott did not
write the article, and knew -nothng of it
until after it was published. But even if
he bad known of it, there would be no
difficulty in proving that it was published
from praiseworthy and justifiable mo
tives, such as ought to actuate every hon
orable man in a free country. Further
more, it is a privileged communication,
such as one voter has a right to address to
other voters in discussing the claims and
character of a candidate for office.
The State ou^ht to be compelled to
prove actual malice on the part of a citi
zen publishing bis opinion 01 a candidate
for office before such citizen mar be im
prisoned. The presumption of the inno
cence of tha defendant is established by
law, and must be overcome by the attor
neys for the prosecution before a convic
t.on can be bad.
In determining the question of the un
fitness of Judge Hebbard for the office he
sought, it would be necessary to go into
Judge Hebbard'a record even when he
was a Justice of the Peace. Technically
speaking, he was a qualified Judge, for he
held a position on the bench, but as to
whether he was really qualified for the
place as to his learning, his mental attri
butes, his temper, his disposition to be
partial to hi* friends and those who influ
ence and control bis acts, would be proper
subject of inquiry, said Mr. Shortridge.
An investigation will be made into his
decisions as a Justice of the Peace to see
whether be was guided by reason and
justice or whether he was swayed by petty
spite and paltry considerations. When
Judge Hebbard came to the Superior
Court his record would be examined to see
whether he discharged his duty there as a
broad-minded Judge or whether be acted
more like a small politician in a large
place. \\ nether he was disposed to pur
sue and tmnish men he did not like or to
reward bis favorites.
With a fine touch of humor Mr. Short
ridge referred to the extravagant praise
and the sickening adulation that had
been heaped on Ju<i..e Hebbard by some
of his henchmen. He was by them held
up for the admiration of a staTtled world
in terms more complimentary than had
ever been bestowed on Chief Justice Mar
shall or Lord Eldon. On the other band,
there had been some harsh criticism of
Judge Hebbard, and citizens had as much
right to one form of expression as the
other. Mr. Marriott had only exercised
that right, and no American jury would
send him to jail.
After reading the editorial article on
which the charge of libel was based, Mr.
Shortridge referred specially to the word
"creature," and added: "I may prove
that Judge Hebbard was the creature of
the most immoral 'boss' that was ever
known in San Francisco."
Attorney Julius Kahn, as special coun
sel for the prosecution, objected to Mr.
Sbortridge stating what he "may" prove.
ARE YOU DYSPEPTIC?
WEAK STOMACH, POOR
appetite, then dyspepsia, is jV k w n|
the early history of many wrecked ,v£ >L
constitutions. These symptoms are y/^Mf^M *^T^lS s t'
common to-day, and no one should fJ\ [ WA» It >*
permit them to grow into serious ■ *^^H^A' iTvml
conditions. The food lies like a jS&tt-j ■^E^-v xJH
piece of lead in the stomach ; it
gives no nutrition, causes palpita- 2 *^"" ''
tion of the heart, sleeplessness, "*""' t /I \^\
loss of ambition and nervous de- |,J' v^v
bility. You should cure it early, before it gets a hold on the nerves.
It will yield to Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, which saturates the stomach
and nerves with a healthy flow of vitality, giving free and vigorous
action to the digestive functions, which will make them perfectly
healthy. m<#t& v
CAN'T SAY TOO MUCH FOR IT.
CHRISTINE, Mendocino County, Cal., April 22, 1897.
DR. SANDEN— Sir: Six weeks ago I bought one of your Belts for dyspep- I
sia and conitipation. I had been dyspeptic for about eight years and ha;i taken a
great deal of medicine. Now, ter wearing the Belt six weeks, my dyspepsia is abouc
cured and my bowels are regular. I had no faith at ail in your Belt at first, but now •
I can't Bay too much for it. I would not take $50 for it now, and will always recom- •
mend it ( ._; Yours, truly, / J. E. REILLY.-
Don't be a dyspeptic. You can be cured and made as healthy as
anybody by this famous Belt Call and see it, or send for the book,
"Three Classes of Men," free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., SJSfBSIi & SffiSk
Office bours— B A. M. to 8 :30 P. M. ; Sundays, 10 toL Los Angeles Office 204 Soutn iiro*4 .
way; Portlmnd, Or., 233 Washington street; Deaver, Colo., 935 Sixteomh street.
kO'lJb.— 4t»*e no inuUUe in tae number— 63S Market street , Make noto ol it>
i UK. SASDUM'd £X.£CXIUti XJtUSS CUJEUSS KU7XUJKIS.
Mr. Kahn wanted to know what he ex*
pected to prove.
In this position Deputy District Attor
ney HinkJe joined, curtly referring Mr.
Shortridge to the language of the com
plaint wben asked for a statement of what
tb« State expected the defendant to jus
tify.
Mr. Shortridge said he rather expected a
parrot-like answer of this kind, so would
not waste time in further inquiries, though,
the defendant was entitled to a manly,
straightforward rey>ly.
In commenting on the failure of tha
McDonald bank- Mr. Shortridge said ho
would show that Judge Hebbard, as pre
siding Judge of the Superior Oourt, as
signed all that litigation to himself, in
order that he might heap the patronage
growing out of the appointment of the
receiver on John F. Siieehan, his personal
and political friend, and that when bis
acts were overruled by the Supreme Court
he appointed the same man, John F.
Sbeehan, to the same place, not only
twice but three time*. Sheehan received,
in round numbers. $20,000 Irom tnose ap
pointments, and finally he was relieved
of all responsibility and his bondsmen
were exonerated without an accounting.
The names on those bonds might throw a
light on the suggestion that Judge Heb
bard was the creature of some person in
this community. One of the bondsmen
was a note ? sta;esman, sometimes known
as Colonel Dan Burns.
It was in this sense that the defendant
would justify the use of the worda
"creature" and "tool," it beine his inten
tion to produce evidence to prove that
Judge Hebbard was either wittingly or
unwittingly used by designing men for tha
accompiis ment of their sinister pur
poses. Mr. Shortridge maintained whether
he knew it or not the fact remains that
Judge Hebbard "stood in" with John F.
Sneehan and his attorneys and associates,
and in that regard had shown himself a
partisan and therefore an unlit person to
occupy the bench as a Judge of ttie Su
perior Court. Mr. Marriott had thought so,
ana as a citizen he had a right to say so.
This being true the jury would be asked
to give an immediate acquittal.
Mr. Sbortridge occupied the afternoon
aei-ion reading documentary evidence.
The taking of testimony will occupy the
remainder of the week.
THE ODD FELLOWS` DAY
Celebration of the 78th Anniver
sary of the Founding of
the Order.
A Brilliant Gathering in Odd Fallows'
Hall in Which the Patriarchs
Militant Wr-re a Feature.
The seventy-eighth anniversary of tha
founding of Odd Fellowship in the United
States was observed last night with a
great deal of eclat in Odd Fellows' Hall by
Oriental Encampment and Canton San
Francisco No. 5, Patriarchs Militant. The
hall, decorated in pale blue and white in
the midst of which stood out prominently
the "all-seeing eye" under tne "three
links," was well filled and the galleries
were crowded. The canton represented
by fifty members in brilliant uniforms
and gay-plumed chapeaus entered the
hall under command of Captain A. J.
Duncan and presented a very fine appear
ance, and after salute broke ranks and dis
tributed themselves over the ball; their
handsome uniforms showing here and
there in the midst of tha handsome gowns
worn by many of the ladies added to the
brilliancy of the scene.
There were present: General J. F.
Crosett and staff. General E. H. Black,
Colonel H. O. Brower, Lieutenant-Colonel
\V. S. Potter, Captain A. J. Duncan,
Grand Treasurer George W. Lemont,
Chief Patriarcn Joe Adams. Captain John
Thompson, District Deputy J. A. Foster,
Assistant Grand Secretary Clifford, Fred
Fillmore, W. J. Phillips. George K. Wil
son, Captain Wilson of Tulare and many
others who are prominent in the order.
The Kebekah lodges wero also well rep
resented. The most notable of these were
Mrs. Mary E. Donoho. grand secretary,
and Mrs. Helene J. Peterson, elected
deputy grand master of District No. 5,
composed of California. Templar, Oriental,
Amity and Loyal lodges. She was ao
companies by her staff of officers.
General J. W. Harris, master of ceremo
nies, introduced Past Grand Master George
H. Morrison, who delivered a short ad
dress of welcome and made a few remarks
appropriate to the day. Then followed
the several numbers on the programme as
announced in yesterday's Call, each be
ing warmly applauded and an encore de
manded.
The ball followed the programme, and
the grand march was led by General Cro
sett and his daughter Lucille.
The refreshment booth was in charge of
the ladies of the Rebekah lodges, and the
proceeds will be divided between the Or
phans' Home and tne other pro rata to
the contingent fund of each lodge.
CRUSHED BY MACHINERY.
John Gomez's It : ghr Leg So Badly Hart
It' Had to Be Amputated,
John Gomez, a lad of 17 years, was
frightfully mangled yesterday morning in
the machinery of the H. J. Layng shops
at 107 Fremont street.
His duties called him to oil tha shafts
every morning, and while doing so yester
day he became tangled so that the ma
chinery tossed him from side to side, and
but for the quick action of the engineer in
stopping the engine he would have event
ually been beaten to death.
As it was, however, his left forearm was
badly shattered and he received a couple
of scalp wounds. His right leg was crushed
and had to be amputated at the Receiving
Hospital.
56
TUESDAY APRIL 27. 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUK,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Pally «Q<l Sunday Cai.t., one wwk, by carrier.. $0.15
Dully and Sunday Caix, one year, by mall 6.00
Daily and funday Call, blx months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Cali., tlirt- months by mall 1.60
Daily and fcuoday Call, one month, by mall. .65
bunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
. V>UU UU, one year, by mall 1.50
BUSINESS OFFICE:
lo Aiarket Street,
Fun Fmuclsco, California.
T«l»phone aiaia-1808
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
Gl7 (.lay btree;.
Telephone Main—
BRANCH OFFICES:
»27 Montgomery s:reet, comer Clay; open «ntll
©:30 o'clock.
359 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I.arkin street, open until 0:30 o'clock.
t-V. . corner S'.xtveiila and ilissioa alrcela, Open
niitll 9 o'clock. *
ZfiU Mission street, open until fl o'clock.
187 Ninth street, op<>n until 9 o'clock.
3805 Tolk street ; open until 9;SO oVloelc.
NW, corner Tweuty-secona and Kentucky
■treets: open till 0 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
9JB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 31 und 32, 34 Park Row,. New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLT/., Kaatern Manager.
r ~
IHI- CALL &PE-AKS FOR ALL.
To-day the Nation recalls the services of
Grant and does Honor to his memory.
It took New York a long time to erect
the Grant mausoleum, but she has done it
well.
When we have completed Balboa avenue
we will not envy New York the possession
of Riversi Je.
Cleveland's speech at the Reform Club
banquet can be summed up in four words:
It was a croak.
In the meantime Crete is still on the
map even if she does appear to have been
put out of ti.e ring.
The farmers are praying for April
showers, so we might as well look out
for th»ni and expect them any day.
The Mississippi Hoods have broken all
the records, nearly all the levees and most
of the farmers along the river banks, and
atill the rise goes on.
The Kaiser says peace shall be main
tained among the creat powers, and yet,
like the rest of us, perhaps he can't most
always sometimes tell.
The people along the Mississippi should
take to the industry of raisinz ducks and
drakes and enable themselves to be la
the swim when the floods come.
Some people are making fun of the
whiskers of our new Minister to Turkey,
but they may prove useful lo him if he
ehonld ever have to beard the Sultan.
The Senate Finance Committee is not
mnktng much noise on the tariff question,
but it is doing good business and prepar
ing the way for every industry to do like
wise.
If our sympathies ire torn by the con
flicting reports from the war in Greece we
can turn for consolation to the fight in
Cuba. The American favorites are win
ning there.
The success of the Turkish armies in
battle seerus to be due mainly to the skill
of the Geiman officers who direct their
artillery, and rarely has the science of
Germany been worse applied.
It is to be hoped the Washington Port
is correct in saying "Secretary Bliss is
about to de-Hoke Smithiza the Interior
Department." The jib if well done will
have merit enough to justify that phrase
or any other way of putting it.
Pennsylvania has decided to build a
Cnpitol to cost $550,000. and expects to
have it ready in two years' time, and if
she gets off with double the money and
twice the time she may count herself
lucky.
Don't forget that the meetings of the
Woman's Congress will be worth attend
ing. Important subjects are to be dis
cussed, and there are plenty of able and
eloquent speakers in the congress to deal
■with them.
It was «aid that Edhem Pasha had been
superseded in command of the Turkish
army, then that he was wounded, and
row lhat he is still to the front and is to
be decorated for his victories. Edhem
seems to be a man of versatility.
As Arthur Balfour attended a meeting
of the British Cabinet wearing a full golf
costume Jerry Simp3on ought not to be
abused for wearing golf stockings in Con
press. The American statesman ia en
titled to a3 much liberty as the Britisher.
The Tammany chiefs have decided to
adopt in New York at the next municipal
campaign the same tactics which the
Democrats used in Chicago, and we shall
Bee whether the gold-brick swindle in
politics can be worked with success twice
inside of a year.
A Pennsylvania statesman has intro
duced into the Legislature a bill providing
that all oleomargarine offered for sale
Etaall be colored deep green, so tbat every
body can recopnize it. The idea is capable
of unlimited expansion. Why not have
a.i adulterated wines, oils and jellies col
ored the same wny?
In magnitude and in greatness of rrnsan
ing the dedication of the Grant monument
in New York to-day will surpass the cele
bration of tlie Queen's reign in London,
and yet many New Yorkers will turn their
b'.cki npon the grand demonstration in
their ow:> city to cross the ocean and pay
a large prtce to see the lesser one abroad.
It is said that during tLo last twenty
five years over 300 monuments to dis
tinguished persons have been erected in
France and committees are now soliciting
money for 127 more. It is not strange
that the art of the sculptor flourishes in a
In:: d of lti*t kind. Even the patience of
the people in receiving favorably so many
eolicitors may be regarded as truly monu
tnrntal.
No recent issue of State concern has no
engaged the minds of tbe people gen
erally as the crusade against adulterated
foo'i?, and the convention to be hela in
this City to devise means for dealing with
the subject will have abundant support If
it devices any practicable plan for ridding
tn of the evil. City and country are at
one on this point, and we shall soon ace
what can be done by a united California
in putting a check to one of the worst de
lects of modern civilization, as tbe adul
t»ration of lood undoubtedly is.
ULYSSES S. GRANT.
The solemn, impressive and patriotic services attending the dedication of the
! Grant monument in New York will attract the attention of the whole people of the
United States to-day. It will he another occasion for manifesting the esteem of the peo
ple for the character of the great commander of the Union armies during the Civil
War and the honor in which his memory is heid throughout the country.
Although General Grant was a hero of a sectional war, the celebration of the dedi
cation of his monument will not be sectional. Men who served under Lee will take
part in the procession to-day and march with the men who served under Grant Pub
lic sentiment in the South will be responsive to that of the North, and there will be
no trace or suggesiion of bitterness remaining from former hostilities and war between
th« sections in thr^e services which are designed to do honor to the great commander
who led the Union army to victory, and maintained the supremacy and integrity of
the Union in the tierce strife which divided the sections in the past.
The honor to be paid to General Grant on the part of the people of the Northern
States is not widely different from that which has been given to great military lead
ers in other nations. Men of all countries and of all ages have delighted to honor
those who maintained the success ot their arms and achieved for them triumphs in
the battles in which they were engaged. The presence of Southern men in ihe pro
cession, however, and the thousand manifestations of Southern admiration for tne
great hero of the wnr for the Union is something different to what the world has
hitherto seen, and is a striking illustration of the completenees of the success of the
Union army. It is an unmistakable evidence that General Grant not only conquered
the arms ot the South but won the beartt of her people, and is as illustrious in peace
as in war. \
In all the eulogiums that will be spoken concerning Grant to-day there will be
nothing said with which the people are not already familiar. His character has been
long studied, and much has been said and written concerning it by men of the Highest
eloquence with tongue and pen among our people. He therefore needs no praise at
this time, nor any orator, however eloquent, to bear witness to the American people
concerning his services to the Union or the nobleness of his personal character.
The people of the United State?, in the South as well as in the North, have come
to regard this hero of Appomartux, w.o at the cose ot the war expressed his own
policy in the statement, "Lot us have peace," as in the truest sense an ideal American.
A» he represented the ardent intensity of Northern patriotism during the war and
ihe fnll force of Northern resolution to preserve the Union, so also he represented
after the war was over the desire for a complete restoration of an era of good feeling
between the hostile sections. He was no believer in a nation held together by
bayonets. He desired a union of hearts a3 well as of lands, and t lie latter years of his
life were consecrated to the purpose of bringing about the great resu t.
The tomb in which his body lies on Riverside avenue in New York will share with
that of Mount Vernon and that of Springfield the honor of the American people. It
is a great and noble mausoleum which New York has erected to this great and noble
man, and it will be long tha shrine toward which American pilgrims will make
their way. •
CREAMERIES IN CALIFORNIA.
A rapidly gathering industry which
hitherto has failed to attract a.iy con
certed attention from the State press is
that of the establishing of creamerits
tnrougbout California. There have been
creameries in California for a number of
years, but lately the number has increased
at a pace which makes the toinl at the
present time a rather astonishing one to
contemplate.
There are something like 250 estab
lished and in lull running order, while
additional ones are in view in Red
Bluff, Watsonville, Soledad, Lodi, Mon
terey and other places. In fact, tne in
crease of these butter and cheese factories
has been so prominently forced upon pub
lic attention that the last Legislature took
particular cognizance thereof and enacted
some cast-iron laws for the direction of the
industry upon proper lines, looking prin
cipally to the maintenance of purity in
the products. Tne State Dairy Lureau
has been authorized and instructed to
furnish free of cost to those who apply in
writing certain molds with the imprint of
legalized brands to fit the various pre
scribed kinds of cheese whicii they are
permitted to turn out under the pure-food
clause.
Noting the full significance of this tidal I
wave of cream, the Western Creamery rises ;
to assert that this State Has no longer any
practical reason lor importing either but
ter or cheese, and it would seem that its
assertion is just. There is quite as much
of the principle of protection in the
patronizing of local industries such as the
creamery movement, to the exclusion of
outside products which are scut In and >
offered side by side with the home prod- i
ucts, as there is In the passing of laws to
keep outside proiucls from comine in.
In the present case ibis kind of protection
is so obviously feasible and opportune
that no one who claims to be a protection-
ist can consistently ignore it. Our house
wives may become protectionists to a very
practical degree by following this ele
mentary principle and insisting on hav
ing butter and cheese of California manu
facture.
RIVERSIDE AND BALBOA.
The dedication of the Grant monument
on Riverside avenue to-day will call pub
lic attention to the beauty of that grand
avenue and prove the wisdom of the city
of New York in devising it and carryine
it out to a completion so perlect in every
respect. New York will be honored as
much for the grand driveway which she
has constructed as for the greet monu
ment which stands beside it, and the peo
ple throughout the country will be forcibly
reminded of the importance of such thor
oughfares to all great and enterprising
communities.
It is natural that from this attention to
Riverside drive the minds of the peo
ple of San Francisco should revert to the j
great avenue which is being constructed
at home. Balboa avenue can never be- i
come to ban Francisco exactly what River
side is to New York. Tne configuration
of the two cities and the relation of the 1
two driveways to the genera! plan of the
municipality are too widely different for ■
them ever to become much alike in Ren- |
er«l respecti. Nevertheless tliey have these !
points in common, that each constitutes
the most picturesque driveway of the
community to whicn it belongs, and each
is accounted as one of the chief orna
menls of its city.
New York has fairly completed River
! side avenue to the extent originally de
signed, and is now talking of extending
it. Snn Francisco has but begun Balboa
. avenue. The New Yorkers are realizme
j benefits and pleasures which with us are
j only to be looked for in the future. The
1 success attained there will be a stimulant
to us to rapidly advance the work here.
; When we read of what has been accom
-1 plished in New York we will have new in
ducements to subscribe money to the Bal
boa-avenue fund so that the work can be
prosecuted vigorously and the avenue
I opened as speedily as possible.
Until we have completed this work
j urgent solicitations for contributions to
the fund to defray tb* cost will be always
in order. The Call has iterated and re
j iterated the importance of the enterpriso
in tbe past and will continue to do so un
'il complete success has been attained.
j The amount of money now noetled is com
paratively small, and every dolinr con
tributed maKes it just so much less. Let
us not balk in the work at this point. Let
us go. forward and open that driveway
which, while inferior to Riverside in some
respects, will be so far superior to it in
others that we can rightly challenge the
metropolis of the East to a comparison.
-
Tbe eagerness with which David Ben
nett Hill is engaging in the task of re
organizing the Democratic party in New
York may be merely the result of a rest-
Jess spirit, but, all the same, it looks like
iin attempt to get himself into a position
from which he can make another jamp for
the Senate before the world forgets Uim.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1597.
CLEVELAND'S SPEECH.
The much advertised New York Reform
Club banquet has taken place, the long
expected speech of Grover Cleveland on
•Present Problems." has been delivered,
and the people who were waiting with
curiosity for the outcome have found
themselves in the position of those who
watched the mountain in labor and saw it
bring forth a ridiculous mouse.
If the banquet was designed to advance
the prestige of the Cleveland wing of the
Democratic party, or to lay the founda
tion for a campaign for the re-election of
Mr. Cleveland to the Presidency, it has
wholly failed. Nothing was said at the
banquet of sufficient importance to live in
the memory of those who read it even for
a single day, and beyond the general de
nunciation of the supporters of Mr. Bryan
and the administration of McKinley, the
great mass of the American people could
not recall this mornuig anything of Mr.
Cleveland's speech which they read on
Sunday.
'1 lie solo effect of the address of the ex-
Pres.dent seems to have been to give occa
sion to tlie verbose Mr. Bryan to write |
another letter, and to the irrepressible
Henry Watterson to reutter with his
usual wit and vindictiveness his hostility
to Cleveland, Clevelandism and all that
appertains to the "cuckoo" party. These
responses to the address may have added
something to the amusement of the
people, but beyond that Mr. Cleveland
effected nothing by the ponderous plati
tudes which he so seriously read to his
admirers at the banquet.
If Ihe Cleveland faction of the American
people can achieve nothing more exciting
or stimulating than what was put forth at
the New Yurk meeting, we may account
the possibility of the reappearance of Gro
ver Cleveland as a serious factor in our
politics as not only out of the ll*t of possi
ble dangers but among ihe least of our
public annoyances. There is no possible
cnance that such orations and such senti
ments as emanated from the banquet can
nave the least effect upon the American
people, other than that of increasing their
weariness with Cleveland and his party.
The issues of politics to-day and for the
future are to be made up by the McKinley
administration and that wing of the Dem
ocratic party which supported Bryan dur
ing the campaign and is now represented
in Congress It is the issue between con
strvatism and radicalism, between protec
tion and free trade, between genuine bi
metallism and the Mexicanizalion of our
currency, between the statesmanship
which is represented by McKinley and all
the cirut'.c vagaries which are advocated'
by Bryan. Mr. Cleveland la out of poii- |
tic?. We have seen the last of the cuck- j
oos, and the speeches made at the Reform •
Club banqu-t have passed into the list of
speedily forgotten funeral oraiions.
THIS SWhEi LUTLH WOMAN OF
MINE
Sh-» rin't any hit of an angel— J
T.'il* sweri little woman o" mine; I
Sin 'a j. si v piklu woman, !
An' puny mucu human— J
Tills sweet little woman o' mine. j
For what wou!d I do with an aneel !
Wh*o I lookfrti for the HreiUjlu'a tulna' !
W hen six 1 tile lilWiri 1
Air waotiri' ilitir .i:n ners?
NO! Give me this woman o 1 mine!
I've h earn lots o' women called •'im«e:s," :':.~. :
An' loin o' Vm tlioiißlu it wuz ii.itj;
But give 'era tn« reitiliPM,
Ad" ni.-. In all unuthprs.
This awect little woman o' mine.
I Jest ain't (tot nnthln* a^ln' 'em—
These rnsels— they're goixl In their line;
J'.iii uu'v're sorter Mbove me 1
'J hank (ioU that she'll lov • me—
This Jcnr lltile woman o' mine.
—F. U Stanton In C!i cajro Times- lierald.
MEN AND kn OMEN
Katzuo Hatoyama, a graduate of Yale In the
class of '78. has been elected speaker of the
Japanese l'arliament.
Mrs. Mary A. Livermore remembers when
Boston Common was a cow pasture, and «ne
says it didn't look as bad then as it does now.
Mrs. John Sherman is exceedlnely well read
and deeply interested in current events. Nexi
year she and Secretary .Sherman will be able
to celebrate their golden wedding.
Karl Mendelssohn Bartholdy, eldest son of
Felix Mendelssohn, has just died at Brugg, in
Switzerland, aged 59 years. Ho was proies'sor
of history at Freiburg, In Brcisgau.
An example of the appreciation In valnc of
a painting was gtyen by the recent sale in Lon
don for i?ll,. r >oo of a portrait of Miss Farren.
afterwant Countess of Derby, by Sir T. 1,-ui
rence. In 1863 the picture was sold lor $395.
Ex-Governor Daniel H. Chamberlain has de
termined to retire lrom the practice of law on
May 1 and devote himself thereafter to tne
life of a practical Worcester County (Mass.)
dairy farmer, varied and softened by some at
tention to Uvonte studies and researches.
Admiral Canevaro, in command of the fleets
of the powers off the coast of Crete, is a South
American ty birth, having been barn in Peru,
of a Genoese father. Htj brother is Peruvian
Minister t<i Italy aud France.
It was related of ono of the members of
President Gram's flm abinet, a former col
lepe professor, that he wna on one occfimon
discoursing on jie cub ect ©fjtLc i>iuies, when
an auditor interrupted him with the remark
that the cyclopedia did not agree w^thhim.
"Oh," was Urn reply, "I know a great deal
more abjut the Druses than 1 did when I
wrote that article in the cyclopedia."
Miss Frances H. Simon, M.A., one of the first
women graduates of the University of Kdin"
burgh, has been appointed warden of the
i Mas.'on Hail, Kdinburgb. The hall is the gift
] of friends and formor studeuis of I'rofessor
| Mnssoii, and is to be opened next session as a
I residence and central meeting place for women
I students attending the University ol Edin
; burgh.
By a decision rendered by Justice Beekman
of the New York Supreme Court, it is decided
that a love of candy is not a proof of lunacy.
It was in the case of Amanda E. Mackintosh,
who wanted to have her marriage with John
11. Mackintosh annulled upon th« ground
that the defendant was insane at the time of
his marriage. This the court denied her, al
though she averred that one of the symptoms
of meutal aberration of the defendant was
that he used to sit alone for hours at a time
before his marriage eating candy, of which he
seemed never able to get enough.
WHAT HAS NEW GREECE LONE?
The weakness of old Greece was its lack of
unity. Tnis new Greece, arisen since 1823,
has been fu-ed in a terrible furnace, wilics
Charles D. Roberts in the UluMratea Ameri
can. It has acquired homogeneity. Its crav
ing for racial unity will never rtst umatifrfieJ.
Greeks are no more Spartan. Athenian, The
ban, Samiau, they are only Greek. In three
quarters of a century of new life what
has been accomplished by that clipped
faction of them which the powers per
mitted to constitute the kingdom of Greece?
It has lifted itself from the slough of four cen
turies of bondage to an advanced and efficient
civilization. Ii has shown that the arts of
self-government survived ta the blood. It hns
even, miraculous as ti may seem, set it»eli in
the forefront of tin* nations at standing for a
principle in scorn of odds, as daring to chal
lenge alone a gigantic iniquity which others
were too coldly prudent* to engase.
Athens, seventy-live years ago a squalid
Turk:sn village of huts and ruins, has
become a city of 164,000 inhabitants, a center
of intellectual life, the seat of a great univer
sity, an influence to be reckoned with in the
councils of the nations. Factories hum and
smoke »n the haunts of idyllic traaitiou. Busy
seaports have sprung to importance, and «
mercantile marine ranking eight:-, araons
tnose of the world carries on the memories oj
the ship Argo. The masres of the people are
industrious, temperate, shrewd, brave, and ro
markat'.c for the chastity of iheir domestic
Hie. They are all patriots. The poorest know
the meaning ol their past and the children at
the hearth are taught the significance of their
destiny.
PERSONAL.
E. H. Garry of Chicago Is at the Palace.
Key. Samuel Hirst of Vallejo is in town.
J. B. Peaks of Los Angeles is in the City.
M. D. Ellis of The Dalles. Or., is in town.
W. A. Heiracka of Toklo is at the Palace.
L. Rouey of Paris arrived here last night.
Ex-Judge Varich of Los Angeles is in town.
J. N. Teal of Portland is at the Occidental.
J. A. Cooper, the attorney, of L'Viah, is at the
Grand.
E. B. Knight of Gridley is spending a few
Jays here.
Dr. J. M. McN'utt of Santa Barbara is on a
visit here.
Ex-State Treasurer C. C. Wallace of Nevada
Is in the City.
J. T. Textonof San Jose is at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
J. B. Lathman of Salt Lake is at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
F. A. Hihn, the Capitalist of Santa Cruz, is a
late arrival here.
Mrs. if. Peterson of Oroville is at the Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
Miss Josle Sutherland of Salt Lake is at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Ex- Assemblyman H. W, Laugenour of Wood
lane is at the Grand.
E. Husker, a wealthy business man of Val
lejo, is at the Palace.
A. B. Rhodee, a mining man of Denver, ar
rived here yesterday.
Ex-Postmaster Russ D. Stephens of Sacra
mento is at the Palace.
J. F. Whitman, a mining man of Deming,
N. Mex., is at the Baldwin.
J. 11. Campbell, a business man of Cotton
wood, is a Into arrival here.
Charles F. Montgomery, owner of the Antioch
Ledger, is visiting the City.
Ex-Attorney-General Robert M. Clarke of
Carson, Key., is in the City.
R. W. Thompson, editor of the Santa Rosa
Democrat, is at the Occidental.
Jesse D. Carr, the banker and king of land
owners of Salinas, is in the City.
Captain H. E. Boyes of Agna Pura Hot
Springs is down on a business trip.
W. F. Knox, a banker and real estate
owner of Sacramento, is at the Grand.
W. I. Morris and Dr. W. I. Little of Colorado
Springs are registered at the Occidental.
Superior Judge C. O. Bush of Redding* ar
rived here yesterday and is at the Grand.
William H. Newcomb and D. C. Hobart, well
to-do residents of Silver City, N. Mex., are in
town.
Ex-Senator William M. Cutler of Marysville,
delegate to the pure- food convention, is in
the City.
Mrs. J. R. Bradley and Miss M. Bradley of
Reno, Nev., arrived here yesterday and are at
the Lick.
L. W. Shurtleff, & well-to-do business m«n of i
Ogaen, Utah, is at the Lick, accompanied by
Mrs. Shurtleff.
Hemy Ward and Henry Yokes, the actors,
arrived here yesterday, accompanied by Mrs.
\\ ard and Mrs. Yokes, and are at the Baldwin.
R. W. Playfair of Bombay. India, arrived
here a day or two ago on his way East, and i
will visit different points of interest in Call- j
fornia.
Gey Lombard, who has largo mining Inter- j
ests in Mexico, and who cr>me* here two or ,
tliree times a year, has arrrived here from the
south ini't is at the Palace.
Sheriff W. c. White and Deputy Sheriff A. J.
Orahnm of Lot Angelfs brousrht up Kid
Thompson, the train-wrecker and robber, to :
.-an Quentiu and left for home yesterday.
is. F. L inghboroutjh, who owns interests in a '
turquoise mine in New Mexico, an 1 who also :
has Interests in gold properties in tho Ross- \
land district. Rritish Columbia, has returned (
hero after a visit to the East.
Mrs. 1). M. Delmas and MUs Delmas, who !
have been visiting different parts of Europe i
for a number of month*, have returned here !
and are now at ('ana Delmas, the country i
home of the Delmas family in 6aut« Clara j
County.
Hugh C. Wallace of Tscoma, formerly chair- '
man of the Democratic State Ceutral Commit- '
tee of Washington, is in the City. Mr. Wallace i
was till last year one of tho leading nr>n of i
his party in Washington. He resigned his i
place at the head of the committee when the :
Silver Democrats of his State proved them- j
selves far in the ascendancy. Mr. Wallace is a ;
Bon-iu-law of Chief Justice Fuller.
J. G. Burnett, for the past seven years man
ager here of the interests ot the American
Press Association, which has headquarters at
510 Montgomery street, is makinj? arranee
ments to go East and settle, either in Cincin
nati or Baltimore. One of his reasons is that
he may put lit* young sons on farms and hove
them taught how to successfully grow crops
and livestock. Mr. Burnett has a place near
Haywards that ho will sell before going away.
Ho hopes to gtt off in about two months.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NKW YORK. N. V., April 26.-AI the Pt.
Cloud-W. \v. Ball: Smart— P. N. Arnson;
Grand— C. Colby; Imperial— H. K. Field, W. C.
Klngsley; Grand Union— Mr. and Mrs. O. E.
Wilson; Windsor— J. I* Flood, Miss Flood;
Sturievant-H. W. Decker. Miss A. Erwin of
San Jose arrived on the Fulda from Genoa,
WHEN liMES WERE HARD IN
10 ' A A.
Clinton (Iowa) Fye.
People of the present day do not understand
the meaning of bard times. In 1840, when
corn wai SO cenu a bnrrei and dri-ssiU pork
f 1 50 a hundred; It took a bushel oi potatoes
to pay |or a postage-stamp.
"THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL."
Letters From Our Readers on Topics of Current
Interest.
An Appeal for the Greeks.
Editor San Francisco Call— Dear Sir:' In taking the liberty to appeal to the benevolent
hearts of our citizens, especially to the ladies of California, I know that many appeals in be
nalf of good causes have been made of late. But none has been of greater Importance than the
cause of the heroic peoplo of Greece struggling in a tremendous war against the most barbar
ous power of Europe, the Turkish empire, which is assisted by the so-called great powers, or
rather by their rulers. r .iV:
Greece, once the cradle of civilization, originated the law systems of the civilized countries,
formed regulated states, which even to-day stand as the unexcelled work of great statesmen.
Her skill in arts, especially poetry, sculpture, architecture, et al., are the fundamental stones
of studies of scientists and artisans in our days.
«-,. Tho i lov^°i every nBtl0I » to home, family, fatherland, has been nourished by th« great
" ATaticdUpoufm liOnf WhiCh rather * UffCred extermination at Thermapyla, before ify ielded
suffo7«,? h rV odea V\ by the hordes of Mohammed 11. the remainder of the Greek nation has
cccd dinrpl»inl^?K U V S !? Ver ? U '\ Ul "21 to 1824. During that period the Greets auc"
w^we^i^ I gßS^ iOr ft SmaUp ° of their coun.r,,
coula a o r u!num b f^SksaU^^n ft IOK°l O K°- ChaDCeß ° f BUCCeSS "* WUh th<s TurkS " they
warF ce f S d lh ° tret ond '» us numerical superiority of the Turks, they are belter trained in
The brarervn? r/ q v ip cdl nnd are assißted by tlie so-called «reat power* 01 Europe
thmis*n«l«nTrL L tlle .£ re ,V k S '?o unf!1 *P l to-day as in the dnys of Leonidas. Many
hir.Hnt.lf 8 >n the Uuit ea States are leaving this country to assist the laud of their
b , wiring t ' e grPat stru ?« le « n <* offer their life blSod to the altar of freedom in Greece. The
fough" 5 " immense > aad must increase from day to day with every new battle
helpte^ S °l"^^^^^ re tOrn t0 PICCCS> may be saved tO their
Greece? andimmedfa^h^ 'is VH 7*& '* w Uay S ' kgo natU " lly in " eases the Buflerl^ la
and^fhlV hLH«ni»Sl V id H a . l 8»f honld or anize an collect funds to assist the Red Cross Society
and other benevolent institutions to relieve the immense rings. y
inerrnill™ a PP eaI to humanity may^reach the samarltan heaiU of our State, I signre
specuuuy yours, ? Theodore Pisther, 2213 Webster street.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
"Away south here in fan Francisco," said
Thomas O'Brien, the trader of the new camp
of Klondy ke. on*lhe Yukon, "the peo^e lit
tle realize what an enormous country Alaska
is. Take the valley of the Yukon alone and
reflect that one may travel for weets and
week! on It befire he get? from the coast to
the most remote >ettlemeut.
"He may move U last as he can, may go part
of the way by steamer and may use doe teams
or iceboats, one or loth, mid may font it when
he has to, hot tili he bus made this trip he has
no conception of the vastness of the country.
'•Then when he does get an inkling of it he
is bound to reflect that he has pursued his
way only along one water-course; that to the
right and left of him come roaring rivers,
great enough to bear noble steamships; that
the^e rivers throughout their entire length
are unexplored.
"What conceptions of broad valieys, of gi-
THOMAS O'KRIEN, Who Tells of the Unexplored Rivers That Put Into the Yukon.
[Sketched from life by a "CaU" artist.]
gnntic mountains, of lordly trees, rich mines
and varied game must one have who, ns he
journeys along tin? Yukon, tees these rivers
proudly tumbling their waters into this
mighty Miss^*i]>pi of the north, to be at lasi
thrown out udou the l'acfic.
"To see these things and to reflect on .the
mysteries of these siient valleys i* to be im
pressed with the sublimity of nature. What is
there up the river, fifty miles, one hundred
miles, up its long course nmone the fleecy
snows in the grim, mountains! whose p^aks
■land round iimi about like sentinels of (io.i?
"Up these rivers the grasses grow, wild nni
inals feed, perhaps in iroop, like tbe reindeer.
Flowers bloom tili the stepj>cs look like gar
dens. And at ihi: t>an.e time of the year an
au Innumerable numl'er of Hrc s of different
kiuds float iv the sky. hveryi'-.ngis iheie but
man.
••1 have been charmcJ by what I have seen
of the gold mines along the Yukon, btvo been
shocked by tbe ru<!e winter bitsls, and
stricken spjechless sometimes with the awful
r.o-s of the snows, but these livers that come
silently luto the Yukon from out of space to
the right ana left, hrn filled me with awe.
"The effect ou the traveler is vivid, especially
in the summer, when the air Is soft and is
ladeti with tno oilor of the pin>.s and flowers,
and when at night the aurora borealis flecks
its strange violet and crimson lights across
the zoiiiac."
WITH YuUK COFFEE.
Mistress— This Btcak is dene too much, Mary.
Maid— Not too much for me, mum.
Mistress— Bui I hire you to cook for me. not
yourself.
M.id— think yo do, mum.— Boston Tran
script.
"I never talk to book agents," said the busy
man.
••Good!" exclaimed the agent. "I admire a
man of action. Now, just put your signature
to this order and have ii over with."—Phila
delphia North American.
"Now," said one of the members of n
woman's congregation, "the secretary is going
to read the minutes of the last meeting."
'•Yes," responded Miss Cayenne, "sno calls
them minutes. " But they' always seem like
hours."— Washington Star.
"The porcupine has his good points," ad
mitted the possum, "bat ho is an awful flat
terer, you know." "
, "Flatterer?" echoed the coon, blankly.
"Yes. He is »pt to send one away feeling
awfully stuck up."— Cincinnati Enquirer.
"When Nan was engaged to Jmclc she didn't
get enough sleep, because she had !to lie
awake and think how much she love J him."
•Well?" .'
"And now their engagement is broken and
now she doesn't get enough sleep, because she
has to lay awake to bat©: him."— Chicago
Kvccrd,
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
'an Francisco Chnpter, Progressive
Kndowineit Guild of America, II in
an Interesting Jinks.
The high jinks given last week by San Fran
cisco Chapter of the Progressive Endowment
Guild of America in Bt. George's Hall was lim
ited to 150 persons, who would have comfort
ably filled the hall, but ihoae who had tickets
; brought friends Hioug, w.th the result that
j the hall was crowded. Despite the crowding
I all present entered Into tlie spirit of jolliness
I that the committee on arrangements intended
! they should. The assemblage was called to
j order by M. 8. Feinbere, the governor of the
! chapter, who in a tew words told of the sig
j mticiince attached to the order, and then wel
comed those present to the chapter and its
entertainment, which he thought would please
all. The following programme was carried
out and highly appreciated by all :
Dialect specialties, Chnries Meiscoe; comic
duet. Joe Berry and A Smith; Shakespearean !
interpretations, Professor Waller White; !
whittling solo, J. a. Cunningham ; Dr. E. W. ;
Pratt was loudly applauded for female im
7>(".sor.a'ions; George W. Calvert cave some of
his Inimitable dialect recitations; James J.
Feeley gave recitations from Shakespeare; 11.
A. Jloenng, F. A. Blakeslee, W. A. Whiting :
and (J. B. Piersoc,a quartei, gave some tine I
selections; \V. C. Cook sang topical songs, one j
in particular referring to the members pre»- !
ent. T. H. Shnde and Joe Barry engaged in a 1
two-rounu set-to, but the men were so evenly
matched that the referee declared it a
draw. The event of the evening was "A Slock i
Trial," htfore Colonel T. V. Eddy as chief of
the tribunal. It created a great deal of merri
ment and was a pood skit 0:1 the way justice
is sometimes administered. The night's en- '
! Jiyment closed with an address by M. T. :
Moses on the order— its aims and its accom
plishment?.
Select Kn<ghts of America.
The eighth annual session of the Grand Le
gion, Soiect Knights of America, was opened
ia«t Tuesday evening in Fair Oak Hall, Eddy
street. I
In calling the Grand I>gion together the j
grand commander, A. C. Knudsen, Grand Re
corder Joseph L. Blnet and Grand Treasurer:
George M. I.awton made very favorablp re- I
ports for the past year, showing that the ;
membership had increased 25 per cent and '
the reserve fund, after paying all death bene- j
fit*, had increased from $15 to $18 per canita ■
On FrHay evening the Grand Legion again
met at Triumph Legion Hall, Twenty-four
and Folsom streets, to terminate its businewi
on which occasion several candidates were
initiated by the Grand Legion team; also
had several aoplications on the table to act
; upon, after which the Grand Legion ODened
lor the transaction of their ousiness. wh°ch
consisted principally of the election of grand
The lollowlng grand officers were elected for' i
the ensuing year: A. c, Knudson, grand com- '
mander; c. P. Gibbons, past gfand coS
mander; J. • J. Sutherland, | r *nd vice- '
commander; L. Johusen, grand lieut°n«.T?t i
commander; W. T. Thomso.f, ?a n d marsh* • I
Joseph L. Blnet, grand recorder; Geor™ m' i
Lawton, grand treasurer; D. A. Lambert
grand standard-bearer; Henry Schulkeu
grand guard; Charles E. O*good, grand
sentinel; E4 Norman, grand trustee I
rlii? „ year.; corporate dfrectors-C. &
Gibbon*, A. C. Knudson, J. J. Sutherland L.
v o "™!}- JOse P" n L Blnet, George M. 7on. !
w. T .:, Thomson, D. A. Lambert 7. T Whit i
ten, William M. Park, M.D., Ed Korman
Foresters of America. ' :
Court Justice No. lb\ Foresters 01 America
pave its fourth annual high jir.ks Saturday
evening at the Alcozar building. it lasted
unll quite a late hour and was vot<>d a highly
enjoyable affair by all who participated. Tht
following excellent programme was rendered-
Overture, Professor Spaulding and Mr. Kelly
opening adrJress, A. K. Brlnkman, l> c .'•
boxing exhibition, three ■ rounds, Dixon vs'
Young Sharkey ; a few yarn*, K. S. Har-ison •
songs and recitations. Harry Stockto" three
rounds, Condon vs. Brown; story, £. <3 HoU
den ; son<r and dance. Jack l.vons; musical se
lections.^ Tapioca Trilby JJand: .^nn. Georee
Raito; three rounds, .Von-..*,, vf. Li tilth
lia; 'specialties, Kelly ftm iiarlowe; violm
fsolo, A. Johansen; three rounds, Murphy
brothers; song, J. F. Murphy; song and reci
tation Joe Hannen ; song, H. Boyt: specialties,
Ftzeerald and D>novan; son*. Tom Jones;
Herman specialty, Schulte and Murphy; Bong,
\ C dv Fo-se; selections, Kelly and Marlowe;
song, Mr. Dunn: trio. Murphy, Jieattie and
Murphy duet, Jones and Hansen; "Auld
LsiiK Syne " The committee in charge was as
lollows: George Mare-, P. C. R , chairman; E.
C Seweil, P. C. R. ; E. M. Rich, P. C. R. ; A. X
Brlnkman, P. C. R. ; k\ Henberger S C. R. ; H.
Schober, W. Williams, H. Meir, W. F. ConneiL
Odd Fellows' Memorial Day.
Grtnd Master J. W. Warboys has issued a
proclamation in accordance with that of
Grand Sire Carleton of the Sovereign Grand
Lodge, and he requetts that each and every
subordinate lodge in rhe jurisdiction of Cali
fornia assemble on the Bth of next June, or
some other day more convenient to the mem
ber*, for the purpose of holding such exercises
as raav be do.emed appropriate in honor ol the
memory of such members as died during the
past year. He suggests ihat as far as possiblo
lodges observe the memorial ceremony adopted
by the Sovereign Graud Lodge at its session in
1804.
Excelsior Circle, C. O. F.
Next Saturday evening Union-square Hall
will b>j brilliantly decorated and illuminated,
for on that night the members of Excelsior
Circle No. 'i, Companions of the Forest (F. O. A,)
and their lrlends will assemble there to cele
brate tho twelfth anniversary of the institu
tion of the circle. Tho celebration will be in
the mature of a grand bnll, which will be
under the management of an efficient com
mittee.
JDruids Will Picnic
On Sunday, the 9:h of May, Templar Grove
No. ID and Golden Star Grove No. 104 of the
X'nited Ancient Order of Druids will hold a
joint picnic at Wildwood Glen Park, Sausalito.
The committee on entertainment having
charge of this affair will do its utmost to make
it an enjoyable one.
Liberty Circle No. 180.
To-morrow evening the members of Liberty
Circle No. 180, Companions of the Forest, will
giveasocisl dance in the Mission Maccabea
Temple on Mission street. This is a compara
tively new circle, but its members are ener
getic and anxious to make a good showing in
the order.
ANSWERS 10 CORRESPONDENTS.
A Dime of 1892—0. S., City. There Is no
premium on a dime ot 1892.
The Brother Jonathan— A. S., City. The
steamer Brother Jonathan was wrecked ten
milts off Crescent City July 31, 1865.
The State Survey— J. D., Livermore, Ala
meda County, Cal. For information about the
survey of the Stale of California you should
writs to the office of- the Survey or-usneral at
Sacramento.
Sitfrage— P. P., Tracy, CaL The constitu
tion of the United States does not guarantee
the suffrage to any citizen of the United
States, nor does it say "nil male persons or all
person* over the age of 21 years shall be voters
of the United States." ihe subject oi suffrage
is left to the States. A woman who is a citizen
of the State ot Utah is entitled to vote for Pres
idential electors and for any and all officers.
Superfluous Hair— Subscriber, Alameda,
Cal. This department cannot recommend any
depilatory for the removal of superfluous
hair. There are any numDer of preparations
which can be obtained irom drugfiists.
AN OLD PIONEER GONE
Cassias H. Blackman I>i<-* In His Sixty-
I ifih fear.
One of the old pioneers passed away on
Sunday in the person of Cassius H.
Blackman, who died at his residence 608
Jones street after a lingering iilnesi.
The deceased was born in .Burlington,
Vt., 65 years ago, and came to this City
when a boy in the early forties. For
many years he was employed as a bead
salesman in the old liquor firm of Wil
merding & Kellogg.
For several years he bad led a retired
life, but ho was well known among the
early pioneers. He leaves a son Cassius
Blaclrman Jr., who is a member of lha
police force.
— . — •—
Cal. glace fruit r>Oc per lb., at Townsend's. *
Fpecial Information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Pra«
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
•— ♦ — • .
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
The spring exhibition is now open dally
irom 9 a. m. to 5 p. si. and Thursday evenings
to 10 o'clock. •
•—— ♦ — •
The Empress Frederick is rapidly complet
ing her plans for making the old Schloss at
Kronberg a historical museum, which «he
will present as a gift to the town of Kron
berg. It is being restored at great expense
under her supervision, and art treasures will
be added.
Faster Time ou the Santa Fa Route.
Three and One-half !><y» to
Chicago or St. I.ouls — Four
and One-half UaTt to
Xew York.
Leaving Pan Francisco Mondays and Thursdays,
at 5 r. m., connection is made at Barstovr wltU th«
famous Santa Fe limited train. Dining-car, buffet
smoking-car, vestlbuled Pullman, palace drawlnj
room, sleei.-ers. '1 be handaomesl train on earth—
equipment and appointments faultless. Daily
through sleeping-cars, bo h palace and tourist,
Oakland pier to Chicago. Tickets also sold via
Ogden. Portland. -Mojave, Los Angeles, Demlag or
SA Paso, to all points in the United States, Canada,
Mexico or Europe, Ticket office 644 Morsel
street, Chronicle Building. Telephone Main I»3L
Bnllroad Tickets to the ; Easts t!» Rl«
Grande Western and Denver and
Rio Grande Kuilvrnys,
At lowest possible rates, with through Pullnj«-i
buffet and tourist sleeping car se-vlce every dar.
Personally conducted excnraloni leaving Tues la/.
Wednesday aud Thursday. Only line perml'.tlaj
stop-over at Salt Lake City on all classes of tiolrwi
Detailed Information and tickets furnished a: 11
Montgomery street, or 314 California stre«u
I^oss of hnlr. which often mars the prettiest face,
prevented by Parker's Hair Balsam.
Parker's CJinoer Tosmc alleviates suffering.
No Safkr or mom KFFiCAoiru-s Remedy can
bo had for Coogha, or any trouble of the throat,
than "Brown* Jlronchial Trorhes."
Be sure and supply your toilet with a bottle of
Ayer's Hair Vigor. It keeps the hair soft and
glossy, anJ the scalp cool and clean.
Mrs. Newed— Was J. nervous, dear, during
the ceremony?
Mi»s Spitegirl— Well, a trifle at first darling
but not alter William had said yes.— New York
Truth.
NEW TODAY.
Gold ~~
Coin Saved on
Crockery and Chinaware
AT .
Grsat American lujportiDa Tea Co.
MONE/, SAVING STORES:
140 Sixth st. " :^: 325 Hayes st.
965 Market st. 2008 Fillmore st.
146 Ninth st. 3005 Sixteenth st.
617 Kearny st. : 2510 Mission st.
1419 Polk st. '521 Montgomery aye.
fi!« M- rd . St *- 1130 Kentucky st,
3285 Mission st. Potrero.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, 616 E. Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye. V-: : -\
AL AM eD A- 1 355 Park St.
Headquarters, 52 Market St., S. F.
Operating ioo stores.
That's why we
sell so cheap.
Good reason?•TUESDAY AI'RIL. 27, 1597
AMUSEMENTS.
P.AU>wnt Thkatkb — Primrosa snd West's
Minstrels.
C'OT.VMniv Tkvatkr -"A Hun on the Bank."
Moßosco'sOPKßA-HorsK-' The Smugglers. 1
AI.CA7.AR TIIKATKR A Noble Kocne
Tivoi i Ofxra HorsK shnni'.is U'Briea."
OKrnEUM .— llißh-Class Vaudeville.
Mpc hanics' PAvn.iox-G!eason, King of Horse
Tamers.
t>UTRO Bath's.- and Performances.
Thk Chctks and skatino Rink— Daly at.
Ilaight street, one block east of ihe Park.
■i AC^ilc^.■oA^T.^>^ Xt V I'M i.— Kacea to-day.
PICNICS A>D EXCURSIONS.
Ex. Campo— Music, l>ancing, Koatlng, Kl3hing,
every isunday.
Al el lON i ALf S.
r.v Cha«u I bvv * Co— This ilay. April 27,
Furniture, at 1135 M«rk*i slrcet. at lOocloct.
Also I hinsi'.v April 28, Hair Uoods, etc , at 1135
Markrt it., al '. 1 o'tlock.
Iy K. s. kfkar ■'-■ Co.— This day. April 27.
Furniture, at 7^7 Market st, at 10 o'clock. Also,
Fornitare at '.*i" Vi iicla »t., ai 11 clock.
IvJ.C. MrTHBB day, April 27, Kurnl-
tur*>, at 510 Eddy sreei, uK 11 o'clock.
liV A. I- ri;F.ss\vKT.r — ThJs clay. Apul 27,
Horses, at 721 H.oward sL, at 11 o'clock.
Bt>tbici i '-■ — Wednecday, Apr.!
•JS, sa'ooii, corner Va.eii »aiid Twenty -sixth sta ,
at 11 o'clock.
By Hi i.ivan & Doyi.f— Vnd.iv. April 30.
litr-'^ Buggies, etc', at corner aixteeuth and
Valencia streets, at 11 o clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Mn. Katie Phelps has sued Henry Phelps for
a divorce.
The schoolteachers will receive their back
salaries in July.
Parlly cloudy Tuesday— W. H. Hammon,
forecast official.
Ellen Puckett has sued Philip Puckettior
Itrmanem nlimouy.
William Craddock hRs been placed under
$ICOO bonds not to ki;l his wile.
Ferdinand Reis has sued Ng Gun for $9700
on apronisiory note dated August 21, 1395.
Mrs. C»rey Higley Dimon<l, the Honolulu
divorcee, h-is been served with an order of ex
amination.
Cassius H. Blackmnn, an early pioneer, died
at his residence, i>o? Jones street, Sunday
afternoon.
Three hoodlums '.vho created trouble at a
Sunday picnic are being held by the police on
serious charges.
A general tone of progress is noticeable all
along the Potreioand througn the sou them
section of the City.
Florimel, Perhaps. Don Gara, Cabrillo,
Stratnrol and Elsmore were iha winners at
Ingleside yesterday.
The police are investigating a scheme of
Private Detective Mullen to provide funds for
"associated hospitals."
The Presbytery of San Francisco had an in
teresting session at the Mission Home on Sac
ramento street yesterday.
The names of mar.y new delegates to the
Pure Food Congress hiiv._- been repo.tcd at the
headquarters in this City.
Franz Bmuh, a painter living at 305 Twelfth
Btreet. swallowed a Ucse of rough on rats last
night with suicidal intent.
Editor Frederick Marriott, charged with
libel by Judge I. C. B. Hebbsrd, is on trial in
Judge Daingerfield's court.
The Odd Fellows of this City observed the
anniversary ot n.ii Fellowship by an enter
tainment and ball last night.
Key. Henry Morgan of Alameda has a plan
for evangelizing ttia City by means of Cnris
tißn Kinacrnarttns to leach religion.
John Gomez, a boy employed in the machine
shops oi H. J. Layng, had his right leg crushed
yesterday while oiling the driving shuii .
J. A. Pllcher will leave for the Hamburg Ex
position this wee*. He is one of the oinmis,
sioners appointed to represent California.
Joseph T. Hurd, the defaulting City Clerk of
Cripple Creek, Colo., is in the City Prison on
his return journey to answer tor his crime.
The alarms from box IS3 a* 5:30 and 8
o'clock last evening were fur two small fires in
O'Connor's Junior-yard, 11G6* Migsiun street.
The quarterly rally of the League of the
Cross was held last evening la the h-ill of
St. Paul's Church on Twenty-ninth and Church
streets.
Mrs. Solschcr, 1169 Mission street, swore to a
Complaint in Judge Low's court yesterday
charging Frank Moran. an ex-rojmer in her
l.uuse, with icious miicnief.
Gans, the colored fighter of Baltimore, and
M. Leonard of New V ric met and signed arti-
Cies yesterday at the Olympic Club to fight in
Mechanics' Pavilion on May 18.
The Southern Paclfie Company yesterday
agreed to a $25 single rate from Cnicaeo to
ban Francisco for intending visitors to Cali
fornia during the Endeavorers' convention.
Mnvor Pbelan's veto of the appointment and
salary of Joseph J. Dunne, one of District At
torney Barnes' special assistants, was sus
tained by the Board of Supervisors yesterday.
William Anderson, a barkeeper living at 203
Powell street, was arrested last night on the
charge of grand larceny for stealing $35 from
John H. McMurray, au old man, Sunday after
noon.
John Russell, a bunkc-steerer, was sent to
the County Jail for six months by Judge Low
yesterday for robbing Roiand Sheard, a young
Englishman, of cjO during a pea and shell
game.
William Boyoe w»s yesterday he'd to an
pwer In $2000 bonds by Judge Joachimsen on
tne chargo oi burglary for having broken into
the coal office of Wainwrlgtu <fc Easton, Mar
ket street.
George Mason got six months from Judge
Low yesterday for stealing a bicycle from the
lront of a cigar stand at Market and Kearny
streets and three months for carrying a con
cealed weapon.
. Thomas Green, Twentieth and Harrison
&'rtets, swore out warrants yesterday for the
arrest of three men named Crowley, O'Brien
nnd McCarthy for petty larceny and assault
with a deadly weapon.
United States Local Inspectors Phillips and
Bohle took evidence yesterday hk to the can«e
of the wreck ot tl;e steamer Vaqulna at Hu
eneme wharf. The witnesses lestified that the
accident was caused by a sand bar which was
suddenly formed there.
Attorney C. J. Campbell argued b? fore Judge
Joachimsen yesterday that the butdivision of
the ordinance under which Chinee veiling a
gambllng-house are arrested was unreason
able and void, as the penalty was the lame for
keeping as for visiting.
United States District Judge Morrow yester
day rendered a decision requiring the own- j
crs of the ship Joseph B. Thomas to p*y $0000 |
damages to Jens P. Jensen, a stevedore who i
was permanently disab ed by the Sail of a keg |
upon him while he was working in tho hold of
the vessel.
The Fair trial, which is to determine the
validity of Mr». craven's deeds, is now on in
real earnest. The taking of evidence began
yesterday morning. The plum produced |
witnesses who remembered that Senator Fair
spent unit <Jay in San Rafael, on which day he
was alleged to have been on this side ot the
bay and to tave given Mrs. Craven the deeds. !
But these witnesses did not make so good a!
showing on cross-examination, and d<-mon- '
trated that they coula remember scarcely I
anything else but that one date, nearly three |
years ago, and the commonplace evenisof thai
day.
IfEW to-dat:
RED
Itching, scaly^blcedlng palms, shapeless nails,
and painful finger ends, pimples, blackheads,
oily, mothy akin, dry, tbiu, and falling hair, itch-
in^, scaly scalps, all yield quickly to warm baths
■with Cuticura 6oap, and gentle anointings)
with Cuticuiu (ointment;, the great akin care.
!• «014 thrnurhoat the world. Pottib Dtro a*d CnrK.
Corf.. Sole Prop... Botton.
■»- " How to I'roduce Soft. White lUndi," free.
ITCHING HUMORS **58wesW
THE ELEVNIA IS
A TOTAL WRECK
She Went on the Rocks at
the Entrance to
Caspar.
Her Bottom Stove in, Rudder
Carried Away and Masts
Went by the Board.
Two Gasoline Schcoaers Have Been
Tied Up tni Others Will
Follow.
All that is left of the lumber schooner
Elrenia was tovred into port by the steam
schooner Protection yestcraay and was
anchored off the seawall in a water-logged
condition. She is a complete wreck and
will never go to sea a^ain. The K.venia
sailed from Caspar for San Pedro on
April -i with 180,000 feet ot redTood lum
ber. At the time a fair easterly wind was
blowing and all the conditions seemed
good for a successful trip.
"When close inshore an anchor was
dropped, but the weight, holding the E:
venia steady fora few moments only, be
gan to drag," said Captain Johnson yes
terday. "A heavy swell was running anJ
it carried the schooner rapidly toward the
beach.
"The Etvenia struck the rocks and tore
away her rudder and sternpo^t. the
slewed around slightly and held fast. The
crew then got an anchor astern and hove
i he vessel off the rocks, but she was leak
ing badly and seemed to be severely
strained. The lumber in her hold was a.l
tnat kepi her afloat.
"The second anchor dragged, and for a
second time the schooner traveled land
ward on the cr*«t of a bis? swell. SShe
struck heavily, smashing in her bottom
planks and sending her main and fore
mast over tLe side. The vessel was a
complete wreck and was temporarily aban
doned by the crew. Wr.en the swell was
less heavy the nulk was hove off the rocUs
for the third time and made fast to a
luiy. The Protection, Captain Ellefr-en,
tlien took hold of her and towed her to
li.i- City."
Nearly half the load of lumber was lost,
and on it there was no insurance. There
is $IW3 insurance on the ball. The
Elvenia was built at Humboldt in 1872.
biie is 140.99 tons net burden, ana is o wised
Dy P. Gee of this City. To-day she will be
ru:i in the hard sand in Oak'rand Creek,
and the lumber discharged into huhters.
Owners of gasoline schooners u;e very
despoil lent over the rulings of ihe super
VisinjE inspectors of hulls and boilers.
Two of the boats have already been with
drawn and others will follow in rapid suc
cession. J. S. Kirn ball, wi o was tne first
to introduce \ln* kind of craft into t be
roasting trade, is very much incensed over
the matter. l lt is class legislation," he
said, "and looks as thou?h Congress \rs;j
trying to do all in Its power to ruin me
shipping trade of the country.
'•According to the new rules each of
these small boats must carry a licensed
captain and licensed first mate, a licensed
engineer and a licensed assistant engi
neer. Then on top of that we cannot
carry passe ngers l-ecanse we use gasoline,
and that, they rule, is carrying combusti
bles. 1 have laid up the Bessie X and the
Cbetco, and a third boat will follow ihein
as soon as she gets in from this run.
There i« no danger from the use of gaso
line, and from the time the first one was
introduced until the present there has
never been an accident."
It is understood that an appeal for the
niouiheation of the present rulings will
be made to the Supervising Inspectors.
Captain McNeil of tue barkentine S. G.
Wilder had a peculiar experience on ihe
down trip. He encountered heavy
weather and one of the horses that formed
part o! the deck load was drowned in his
stall. Tne ot er animals were consider
ably bruised, and wlieti the vessel reached
Honolulu the captain was arrested fur
cruelty to animals. He was tried and ac
quittea by tne magistrate as soon as the
tacts ot the case were set forth. The Wil
der is again loading for Houo:ula.
The monitor Caraanche is to go to the
Mare Island Navy-yard for an overhaul
ing this week, bne will be cleaned and
painted white and on her return the gen
eral public will hardly b« aoie to recog
nize the old war.< hi p.
When she is once again at her anchor
ate there will be a change in the Tuesday
d;iils. Hitherto the officers have dined
alone on board on Tuesdays. Iv future
the petty officers and sailors wiil alsa mess
on board and all will be in readiness fora
drill at a moment's notice.
To-night tha men will drill on Pacific
street wharf and the artillery vrill cc use I.
A r quad ot men will be marcned to Fol
som-street stepi, whence they will go
to the Camanche and bring the guns
ashore to Pacific itrert. This will be done
in order to see how quickly the artillery
can be landed In case of an emergency.
The steamer State of Ca!i;or.-:ia will go
back to the Oregon run to-morrow after
an overhauling and the Queen will go on
the Alaskan route in command ol Captain
C.inoll.
There will be no meeting of the Harbor
Commission to-day, as Commissioners
Chadbourne and Harney, Chief Engine -r
Holmes ami Architect bwain are to
bites to in«pec: the quarry.
More changes are beinc made by the
Commissioners. J. J. Searey Decomos
chief engineer of the tug (JOT»-rnor Mark
ham, Daniel Fierning chlel' of dredper
No. 1 and Louis Holdeu chief of the pile
driver.
1 he old-time commission-house of Rob«
& Hewlett has at last changed its quar
ter*. For over for'y years tue same con
cern occupied the building at the north
easi corner of Ciay au.l Davis stree.s, and
it is only the pres^ureof business that has
forced them into larger quarters on the
southeasi corner of s?acr»uieiito and Davii
streeis. Away back in the '50's the firm
wns Bigey Brothers, nnd the store was
an old shack built on piles on the water,
and the schooners used to come up to the
door nnd disctiaree the freight. Next it
was Heriot, tfigley & Co., with Donald
Ross as the company. Twenty years ago
Heriot and Bigli-y retired and the firm
became Ro?s <fc Hewlett. Donald Ross is
known from Cali.'ornia to Alaska and no
man on the water front has more warm \
personal Jnends than hp.
SWALLOWED ARSENIC.
Franz liraun, a Respondent I'aintnr,
Tired of Life.
Franz Braun, a painter living at 305
Twelfth street, attempted to commit sui
cide last night at his residence by swal
lowing a dose of "Rough on Rat?."
He has been out of work for some time,
which made him despondent, as he has a
wife and two children to support.
Lnst night he sat down 10 supper, and
when li is wife handed him a cup of te.. he
deliberately poured the '"Rough on Rats"
into it and swallowed it in the presence of
his wife.
He was hurried to the Receiving Hos
pital, and Dr. Bunnell applied the usual
remedies, bat liraun s recovery is ex
tremely doubtful.
• — * — •
Truuks Moved ~5 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Snt'cr Bt.
Tel. Maiuiy. furniture moved reasonably. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1897.
The Handsome Barkentine S. G. Wilder in a Gale Wh ; le on Her Way to Honolu'u. One of the
Horses "Which Formed Fart cf the Deck Load Was Drowned, While Others Were
Injured. Captain McNeil Was Arrested for Cruelty to Animals, but Was Acquitted.
THE BOTTOM ROSE
IN A SINGLE NIGHT
The Investigation of the
Yaquina Wreck by
Inspectors.
Captain H'nkle aod Others Tell
How She Struck at
Hueneme.
Sudd.'Q Fomation oor. r a H thertc Ua
known Smcbir On? Hundred
F.-st From the W.iarf
United States Local Inspectors Phillips
and Bohl yesterday took testimony in the
matter of the wreck of the Yaquina on
April 11 this year.
Captain C. E. Hintle, master of the ves
sel, testified that the steamer Coos Bay, i
which draws thirteen fret of water as
against fourteen feet draught of tiie Ya
quina, stopped at Huenerne wharf the day
before the Yaquina arrived there ana did
not strike the bar, Dut he touched it when
backing out for tbe return trip. Ships
! had been ir. the habit of eoing right up to
i the wharf and had never experienced any
! difficulty in doing so.
When the Yaquina grounded on the
sandbar she was 100 feet outsido of the
end of the wharf, heading directly for the
I wharf. !?he stopped when she struck and
j pounded three or four times, and Captain
! Hinkle backed up at full speed. At that
I time the steamer was approaching very
I cautiously and stopped when she touched
the sandbar. The witness found out aftir
! ward that there was ten feet of water at
j the wharf. The water poured into the
I v«s«el'!< hold at a great rate and the en-
I gines failed to wort, so that it was not
| possible to get tli© st6a>ner Yaquina into
, deep water. She had 240 tons ot' canto on
i bourd and was valued at about $15,000.
The atTnlavit of C. B. Greonwe 1, for the
I past ten years wharfinger at lluenemr,
was read. He said a sandbsr hud sud
denly formed at a point 100 feet from the
\ end uf tne wharf and that its existence
j was unknown to him until after the wreck
j of the Yaquina.
An affidavit, was read also from D. T.
Perkins, for seven years superintendent oi
the warehouse at Htienenie. He said tue
Pacific Coast Steamship Corspany's steam
ers had oeen land.ng there lor four days
before the wreck, and had not discovered
the b.sr.
Cl. li. Whitney, hrst mate of the Y«
quina, Miid the vessel bump«>i four or live
j times and bej;an to take in water rapidly.
I He had never Known of the existence of
th<" sandbar.
G. D. Parson", master of the Eureka.
testifi d that his vessel uad just grazed
I bottom where the Yaquina struck. The
! water at that point vuried in depih and is
I treacherous. Ti.e bar was o! recent occu
rence, and might disappear when the
spring freshets Ktibsiilcd.
W. H. Picrson, engineer of the Yaquina,
testified that the '-shoe" of the vessel
locked the wheel, and the engines «ould
not work after the vessel struck.
Tho inspectors took the matter under
advisement.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
The Quarterly Rally Was thft Occasion
of a Very riunsaut
Time.
The quarterly rally of the League of tbe
Cross of St. Paul's parish was held last
evening in the hall of St. Paul's Church
on Twenty-ninth and Church streets. The
hall was rilled to the doors with the cadets
and their friends. Company X was in full
attendance, under the direction of the fol
lowing otticers: Captain .). H. ReLly,
Ftnt Lieutenant James O'Neill, feecond
A. Hanley, Sergeants P. Funcheon, J.
Morev, T. Maher, J. Lyons, W. St. An
nant and Corporals W. Jiannon, J. Coyle
J. Allen, T. OFanell and J. Byrne.
The exercises wera opened by an address
by P. J. McConnelis, the president of the
eveniuz, who spoke of the good work in
iho cause of temp-rnnce the league is do
ing. Colonel W. P. Nnlhvan also de
livered an interesting address. Besides a
number of vice-presider.ti and distin
guished visitors there were seated, upon the
lottrum Rev. Fathers Connolly. Gran',
Toner and O'Rjan. The progrnm rue con
sisted of the following \ irts: Piano solo
by Miss Ida Matson, violin solo by E.
Meyer, recitation by J. Hawnllse, "Ca^ey
at the Bat"; songs by the (ice Club of
Company X, comuosed of Captain Reilly,
Sergeant Funcheon, Sergeant Morev, Cor
poral O'Farrell, Corporal F. Coyf«> and
privates O'Farrell and Q. Nolpn. In con
clusion brief addresses were made by
Fathers O Ryan and Connolly.
Hank Litigation.
itaur sulu liavu been commenced by tbe
Bank of San Lula Obispo against the firm of E.
>fc W. Craves of this City. One suit ib against
i Ernest Graves pernonally, and the amount
' Mio-i for is £1103 11; another i<; against J. C.
| Ortega and Ernest Graves for $">-17 24; & third
au'i!i:i*t E. & W. Graves for $0720 34, while
the fourth is directed «gninst Juan V. Avila
and E. <fc W, Craves for 5357 49.
IS IT FOR CHARITY?
The Tollce Are In ventignt in X a Scheme
Promoted by Private Detective
Mullen.
The police are investigating the motives
that prompted C. A. Mullen, a private de
tf ctive, to place glass receptacles in a lar>:e
number of saloons for donations to be di
vided among the "Associated Hospitals"
in tne City.
Detcc iveo Gibson and Wren were de
tailed by Captain Bohen yesterday after
noon to visit the saloons and instruct the
proprietors not to hatul ever the recepta
cles to Mullen or any one representing
him until Chief Lee< had an ffportuntty
of investiKtt'iug the matter. When Mol
ten hamie 1 the receptacles to the differ
ent saloon-keepers he told them that iiii
wife was detoteJ to charitable purposes
and she had taken that means to 'urti.er
hrr ends.
It is claimed that none of the hospitals
in tue City authorized Mullen to collect
money for them, either personally or
through glass receptacles, but the detect
ives have nol yet seen the uili ials of these
institutions.
Mullen arrived in the City from Brook
lyn, N. V., four or live months ago and lie
broufcut with h-m a letter of introduction
from the Chief uf Police there to Captain
Wittman.
MURASKY TO LECTURE.
The Vonnj Attorney Will Address Phil
Sheridan Council, T. M I , To-
Morrow Night.
The next lecture under the auspices of
the Young Men's Institute Central Lec
ture Bureau will be the one to be deliv
ered to-morrow night before Phil Sheri-
Frank J. Murasky, the Lecturer.
dan Council No. 72, in Mission Opera
Hall, by Frank J. Muraskv.
The subject of the lecture is "Catholi
cism and Society." Previous to the lec
ture itiere will be a mus-ical Programme
in which Mi-<s Celia Annie Tighe, Miss
Mary C. Spillane, Mr. and Mrs. Richard
Valflrpp, Charles H. Parish and John A.
McAuliff will take part and provide what
tn« committee of arrancements promises
will prove a pleasant, hour's entertain
ment.
PURE FOODS CONGEESS.
Niimea of Mmiy More Delegates Ke
ported at Headqunrter*.
The work of arransing for the Pure
Foods Congress, to he held in Pioneer
Hall on April 30 and May 1, is progressing
rapidly under the auspices of the Manu
facturers' and Producer.-,' Association and
the pure food committee of the Council of
Associated Industries. An interestins
programme is almost completed. The at-
I tendance will be much larger than at first
I anticii atrd. The promoter* of the move
j ment have been notitied of the following
' additional delegates who will attend the
! congress:
Alameda City— Preiident Fonderer of the
City Trustees, Dr. G. P. Reynolds. Dr. J. T
McLean, Dr. C. 11. Lubbock, Tnoiuas Carpenter
11. Haui-h. S. G Mitchell, W. M. Cubery, B. X
Combs, N. J. Mason, B. F. Kdwards G \V
Davl».
Council of Associated Industries (additional
delegate*)— li&\in Rich, Siduty M. Smith, A.
D. Cutler, Jespe Meyerfela, L. Lebenbaura, J.
(Jold berg, Louis Mctzger, M. A. Edwards, L. G.
Sehroeder, J. Ayres.
Muter County— B. F.Walton, J. J. Pratt. L.
P. Farmer, Ferdinand Hams. J. L. Duncan,
E. G. Van Artdale, Charles Duncan, G. A.
Wessinir. VV. If. Stafford, I. S. Losey T. J
Pierce. W. A. S.raub, W. A. Goorte.
State BoarU »>f Agrcul lure — Hon. John
Boßgf, C. M. Chase, W. P. Mathews, J. \V. Wil
non, J. H. l'llckinger. P. C. Delonsr, J. E. Tiny.
Frederick Cox, Richard Gird, William Land,
John M»ckcy.
Italian Chamber of Commerce — President O.
Cal«garis. A. Sbarboro. FiorenzD Cavagnaro.
Sta to Dairy Bureau of California, 112 Davis
street, Ban Francisco— L. Tomasini, Dr.
Tnomas Flint, George W. Burbauk, William
Vnndevier.
University of California (additional)—Pro
fe«bor Manin KelloKft.
Flatulence is cared by BEtxUAJi's Piua.
MINING STOCKS
CAUSED HIS RUIN
Cripple Creek's Defaulting
City Clerk Is in
Town.
Marshal P. Eales Will Return
W.th Him Probably This
Mm ing.
HurJ Frankly Ackcow!edg?s His
Crime and Kerry Feels His
Pos tion.
Marshal P. Eales of Cripple Creek, Colo.,
arrived at the City Prison yesterday aftei
noon with Joseph T. Hard, the defaulting
City Clerk of that municipality. Thi>
Marshal is on his way to Cripple Creefc
with HurJ and will probably leave this
morning.
Hurd wr.s arrested in Sonoma County
by Marshal Orr and was taken from
Cloverdak' to the County Jail ut Sauta
Ro«a Sunday morning.
He is a man of education and refine
ment and feels hi* position keenly. He is
a native of Canada, :?S years of age and
held important positions on the leading
Eastern newspapers before settling in
Cripple Creek. Hefore his election as City
Clerk he was connected with a Colorado
uews, aper.
He spenks frankly of his fall from grace
and attributes it to his infatuation lor
gambling in mining stocks.
"Just before the Presidential election
last November,' he said yesierdav, "1 put
all the money I had on hand and all I
could borrow into minir.e stocks, expect
ing that after the elections stocks would
go up in value.
"Contrary to my expectation stocks de
clined and I :oo!isnly took about $2000 of
the City funds to meet the deticieticy.
vainly hopinc that a turn in the wheel of
fortune would come to help me out of my
ditiiculties.
■'Nothing of the kind happened, and
realizing that I would go out of office in a
shori time and could only corer up my
defalcation until my term expired, 1 took
$2000 of the City's funds and fled.
"My original intention was to make my
way to Ja; an, but afier arriving hero I
changed my mind and decided to take to
the mountains, and here 1 am."
£p?aki'ig of his urre-t by JMamhal Orr
he nimed that if he had been nrni'-d ;■ <•
Marshal would not hnve pot him without
a lit: lit, but he philosophically concludes
now that it was'oetier he was unarmed.
He has been married sewii years and
.-ay* he never had any family troubles.
His downfall wa> <lue solely to his iniatu
alion for speculating in minim storks.
When Hurd was arrested $890 was found
in is pocketf. H<> told Marshal Eiles
that he had given $500 to E. P. Atkinson,
tue Pullman conductor on the train from
Ogden.
Hurd reiterated the statement last
night. Ho said: "The conductor took me
for a Pinkerton man and kept his ey«
upon me. When I went to sleep he |
opened mv gripsack and searched through .
it, but found no papers to give him a clew ■
10 my id entity. He examined me closely ■
ns I ->!ei't and noticed that I wore a wig. I
Then he searched through my clothes '
and found a false mustache in my vest- i
pocket.
"Next morning he told me that I wns a
fugitive from justice, and hinteu that he
could deliver ma up. I naw that denial
would be useless, and as he might carry
out bis threat* 1 told him I \rould give
him $300 to get me safely out of the coun
try. He told me he could not do that, but
he could give me some cood advice which
■would b« worth the (500, and I gave him
the iiiim .Hi in five f 100 Liils.
"It was through his advice that I laft
ttie traia at Sui-un and went over the
mountains to Calistoga. "
Maraliai Eales and Detective Reynolds
saw Conductor Atkinson at bis residence,
111 Alpine street, last nieht. Atkinson
emphatically denied that llurd ha<l given
htm any money, and if he saia 90 he was
not telling the truth, adding that bis
word should bi takon in preference to thai
of an embezz er. He admitted that be
>jw Uurd on '.be train and talked with
him a good deal on usual topics, but not
a cent passed between them.
Chane<l :» Collector.
F. W. Alleuder, a collector, swore to a com
plaint In Judge Low's court yesterday charg
ing Anton Bob, a cook in Clark's bakery, on
Kenrnv street, with assault with a deadly
weapon. Allenaer says that on Saturday he
went to the bakery to collect a bill iiom An
ton, who seize. 1 a lar^e knife and chased him
out of the place, making playful jabs with the
kiiile at him. but fortumuety not cutting him.
The Perfume of Violets
The purity of the lily, the glow of the rose,]
and the Cash of Hebe combine in Poeeoni'sl
wondrous Powder. I
LABOR HAS
SOME RIGHTS
United Slates Judge Mor
row Rendered a Deci
sion to That Eff?ct.
Six Thousand Dollars Damages
Awarded to an Injured
Stevedore.
Employers Must Care for the Safjty
of Tiieir Hired Help or Be
Mulcted.
United States Judge Morrow rendered a
very important decision yesterday morn
ing in the case of Jens P. Jensen against
the ship Joseph B. Thomap, J. F. Chap
man and others, to recover $10,000 damages
for injuries received by Jensen caused by
a keg falling upon him through a hatch
way, while Ue was working in the hold as
a sievedore.
Judge Morrow's opinion shows prodi
gious research, and foots up 12,000 words,
most of the space being taken up with
references to a wide range of authorities
settling similar points of disputes in other
case*.
It was set up in the defense of the case
that the keg had been tipped into the
hatchway by another stevedore, and not
by a member of the ship's crew. The court
after summarizing the testimony pro
ceeded to say :
I conclude, therefore, that it was one of
these young men, and not one of the steve
dores, who stepped on the hatch-covers, up
setting the keg, and in no view of the case can
the act of tipping the ha ch-cover and causing
the keg to roll Into the hatchway be construed
as the act of a ieilow-servant. But it is imma
terial, in my opinion, whether the person who
stepped on the batch-cover was one of the
young men connected with the vessel or
whether it was one ot the stevedores, if the
act of placing the keg at the huch-cover to
dry was a failure to observe ordinary care, or,
in other words, was culpable negligence on the
part of those connected with the ves«el. For
it is no defense in an action for a negligent in
jury that the negligence of a third person, or
mi in«vitable accident, or an inanimate thing,
contributed to cause the injury of the plain
tiff, if the negligence of the defendant was the
efficient cause of the injury. (It) American
and English Encyclopedia ana cases there
ciied.)
In Benjamin vs. Metropolitan street Rail
way Company (M»>. Sup.), 34 H. \V. 590, it was
held that where the plaintiff was injured by
the tilting oi ttie cover of a manhole main
tained by the defendant in the sidewalk in
front of hi;: premises, tlie fact thta au inde
pendent contractor, who aelivered roal to the
defendant, negligently failed to replace the
cover properly will not relieve defendant
irom liability if the negligent construction <>i
the cover directly contributed to plaintiff's
injury.
I'nder these ru es of law the important in
quiry, manifestly, ta whether the ac-, by those
in cncrge ot the vessel, in placing the keg on
the hatcn-covers to dry at such close proximity
to the hatchway was "negligence, and whether
such negligence concurred with the accidental
tipping of the haich-uovers to produce the in
jury to the libe;ai.t. To es:ablis!i the defend
ant's liability his negligence need not neces
sarily h»ve been the immediate cause of the
injury; provided it be a substantial pnrt of
the cau^e he will be none the less liable be
cnuse the injury may have been contributed
to by the intervening negligence of a third
pergon.
Judge Morrow quoted to the same effect
n large number of authorities, and con
cluded by calling attention to the severity
of tbe Injuries received by Jensen. His
| skull was iraciured by the blow, resulting
| in paralysis and permanent injury of a
very grave character.
The court added: "I think that under
all the circumstances of tbe case, and par
i ticnlarly in view of tbe fact that his earn
ing capacity hai been destroyed, the libel
-1 ant shouldbe allowed the gross sum of
| $15000. A d cree in that amount will be
! entered in lavorof the libelant withcosti."
MRS. DIMOND MUSTTELL
The Honolulu Divorcee Served
With an Order of Ex
amination.
She Gave a Note to Eer "Manager"
That Was Not Paid ani Ha
Wants Satisfaction.
Mrs. Carey Hlgley Dimond, whose
Honolulu career caused much gossiD and
a divorce suit in the capital of the Ha
waiian Islands, promises some interest
ing developments when she comes up
before Justice Kerrigan to-morrow.
A Deputy Sheriff served an order of ex
amitiAtion on Mrs. Dimond yesterday.
XEW to-dat;
Mrs. Reader
perhaps you have never seen
Schilling's Best extracts.
The reasons are :
(1) you insist that your
grocer should sell you extract
at watery prices ;
(2) you don't know what
extract can be ;
(3) your grocer doesn't
quite dare ask you to pay more
for extracts ;
(4) last but not least, your
grocer makes more money on
the watery sort, and sells it to
you twenty times as often.
A Schilling & Company
m m M San Knmcisco 608
KTEW TO-D AMUSEMENTS.
THE CHUTES.
CHARI.ES CAVILL,
The Chi.nptou Swimmer, will give exhibitions
Id the hate Lake
EVERY AFTEKNOON A>U EVKNING.
AUAUSSIOX. lOC. CHILDRKN, 50.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROn 7 A. /I. UNTIL II P. n.
Concert livery Afternoon and Evening.
llaililnif. including Adtoitslon: Adults. Uoc: CblU
fii. -JUC.
Ueiier»t AUml»»lun, inc. • Children. 5b
SUTRO BATHS.
REMEMBER THE MONSTER
-MAYDAY FESTIVAL-
commanding her to appear before th« Jus
tice at 2 o'clock and explain whether or
not she has anything to satisfy a judg
ment for f^so, obtained by J. J. Raver.
The necessity of Mrs. Dimond's appear
ance in court grew out of her connection
with one Mcore, who passed as her mana
ger in the theatrical world.
Mrs. Dimond, alter the divorce, an
nounced her intention of going on tho
stajje, believing that the notoriety she
had received in connection with the di
vorce case would advertise her sufficiently
to pain lucrative engagement?. She gave
Aloore a promissory note for $250 to coyer
certain expenses incurred, ranking it
payable at any bank in San Francisco
within sixty days of its date.
Either engagements did not materialize
or Mrs. Dnnor.d changed her mind, for
the note was not paid and Moore sued
through the collector. The case went to
the plaintiff by default, and now the ex
manaeer proposes to find out whether
Mrs. Dimond nas anything with which to
satisfy the claim. Airs. Dimond, when
served with the order, said that if she was
forced to take the stand she wouid tell
some interesting matters concerning her
proposed theatrical career that would
cause a sensation. She declared that
Moore's action was taken because she had
refused to retain him as manaeer.
Stole a Hone and Buggy.
Robert Critcher, a laborer, was arrested yes
terday afternoon on a warrant charging him
with grand larceny. The warrant was its ued
In Judge Campbell's court on January 14 and
ilie complaining witness is J. S. Trezlne, 1140
McAllister street. Ue alleges that on Novem
ber 2 lust Critcher stole a horse and buijgy
valued ai $100, the property of J. S. sch wane.
hew to-dat:
Dangerous. Warning
of heart disease are short- g^ m g
ness of breath from going | l"l fl #l l
upstairs, sweeping or sing- *-"y ■**l^
ing, sinking or smothering spetls (especially
at night) fluttering or pnlpitailon. pain or
tenderness in the left breast, side-, arm or
shoulder, irregular or intermittent pulae,
ivcak, hungry or fainting spells, dropsy, swell*
ing of the feet or ankles, etc. There is one
sure, practical remedy for heart troubles,
-^ _ - #i ■•'■: • the prescription of Dr.
llr Mllf*^ Franklin Miles, and is
1/1 • ITIIIC^ guaranteed to benefit.
Book on the ■■ fy
fl^c a Heart Cure
Address
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, Ind.
SEW TO-DAT-AMOSEMESTt
tniCDLAT^LHOOTTLOD itJiOAnarvwActw---
OH! WHAT A HIT I- —
I.:nt \i{ht's Audience
Are Laughing Yet!
WARD "A RUN
AND ON THE
YOKES | BANK"
The Larsest and Bpst Karce Comedy
Organization Tbat Has Ever
Visited San Francisco.
Kvery Night. Including Sunday.
Matinee Saturday Only.
Regular I'ricea— 2sc, 80c, 75c and 1.00.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AI.U4YMAJ. «fcCu. ncnrnorata>l i'rapnj.jM
SECOND AND LAST WEEK
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS
NEW SONGS AND DANCES!
GRAND PRIZE CAKE WALK
Kvery Night In Addition to the Regular
Performan c«*.
4O Conplo Will Compete for the Priaes.
Last. Performance Sunday Night.
Next Monday— "
PR WOLF HOPPER IN " EL CAPITAN."
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUS2
i.*M.i-.fc.N toii.Mt KBiLtxi, Proprietor « Manazar
TO-NIGHT—
THB LONDON SUCCESS
THE ROMANTIC COillO OPERA,
"SH AMU S Q'BRIEN"
MR. DENIS O'SULUVAN,
The Eminent Barytone, the creator of the tltlt role.
— SUPERB CAST
Correct Costumes Appropriate Accessories.
New Scenery from the Original Models.
Popular Prlcss 25c and SOo
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAUEK MUROSCO. ..sola Less«« and Maaa|«;
Second and La* Week or the Successful Eastern
Actress,
MAMIE SHERIDAN WOLFORD I
In Her Original Characterization of EDITH LYN-
DON in Arnold Wolrord's Beautiful Scenlo
Komantic Melodrama,
"THE SMUGGLERS!"
A PUy of the Sea Filled with True Senti-
rnrnt and Thrilling Interest. -
Wonderful Fire on the Ocean!
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and 500.
31atlnooft Mturrt»T Hurt Knatar.
GREATEST Bl£.t, IN YEAKS!
■ SAGEKaudFAN.VYMIDGL.EY, Jureulle Char-
acter delineators: ED I.A'frXLK, comedy musical
Artist; the ANBR rt*ON-. Colored Singing Cake
wnlkeri, and S!g. ALBKKTI and Mme. on LAN.
DI In scenes from "Carmen" la costaroe: tremea-
dous ovation tendered TaCIANU, Phenomenal
il a: e toprano. Immediate lit of .
A li Olio Of Novel !
Reserved S«ats, 25c; Ba cony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box > eats. &Uc. «.: '■:'.}
AI fiA7AR HORMODS SUCCESS
MLiUH&ifiil | Of Hteele Mackaye's
BWascOi&l.aFuille, M i«. | Drama,
"A NOBLE ROGUE!"
Don't Miss the Magnificent Srenlry and Snperb
. £ffectsl Ihe Most Krallstlc Bridge Scene
Kver Put Upon the Mage I
GEORGK O-BUL'HXK HCOu TOLAND
And the l'n.lre company. >;.. ■•■.
Prices. 15c to 60c. 'leiephone for .^eau. Black 991.
GLEASON,
KING OF HOR3E- TAMERS I
— _ ATTHK _
MECHANICS' PAVILION
KVERY NIGHT THIS WKKK.
Admlixion. 25c. Reserved Seats. 35c.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
T O - TCa-KCT..-
Flande.'s "MESSIAH." with Mme.
GEXEVKA JOHNSTON BISHOP. Soprano.
Reserves, $<, 75c, 50c. Onsaleat liyrou Manzy's-
PACIFIC COiST JOCREf CLUB
(iNCLESIDE TRACK*. : \ v.
The only 1-enec:, Winter Raceuac* iv Americv
RAW 3i||£ RAW
Racing From Monday, April 19, to Sat-
urday, May.l, lncluaiva.
Five or More Races Daily, Kain or Shins.
FIRST RACK AT 3 P.M.
Take Southern Pacific train* a( Thirl anl
Townsend its. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 c. v.
Fare for Kuund Trip, liicluUia^ AU«
jui-!>M>ii to (iroundg. »l.Ol>.
: 1 *k» Mloslon-st, eleatrio line direct t.t truz.
The Corrican Stakes Monday, April 19.
1 he gpreckels Cop >atur(tay, April U4.
Tlie Ckliiornlu Hurdle Wednesday, April 88.
'1 he lngltsiUe Stakes, 4 miles, Saturdar. May i.
• n N. andkuls, i'reslden'u
r. H. GUEEJf, secretary.
78
AMES LANDED A
LONG PRICED ONE
Don Gara Led His Field
Out at Odds of 200
to 1.
Willie Martin Rede a Nicely
Timed Race Astride
Cabrillo.
Perhaps E joyed a Ci ke Walk—Els
more Led the Favorite, Rey
Salaxar, Past the Wire.
Race-goers to Ingleside yesterday were
treated to a miid sort of a surprise in the
way of seeing a 200 to 1 shot in the betting
stop over the finishing line first. Don
Gara, a colt owned by Mrs. A. Archer,
whose string of victories is about as long
as an Englis-h | u^ dog's nasa! appendage,
won tbo third race on the card at these
long odas. Outside of one fortunate specu
lator he was scarcely nibbled at in the
ring, and after opening at 100 went to 200
to 1. He was secend to Emma D into tlie
stretch and then, gradually forging ahead,
beat the roan mare out a neck, covering
the six furlongs in I:lsJ£. Olive finished
third, with the 9 to 20 choice Mobalaslta
back in the ruck.
Of the other events decided, favorites in
the betting took three. The day was cold
and foggy, which militated against very
fast time, though the track wai in fair
condition.
Fashion Plate, a filly by Racine, carry
ing Joe Harvey's colors and 50 to 1 in the
belting, came within a short bead of land
ing the openine event tor maiden three
year-olds. Rufalba, with Willia Martin
up, was a consistent 6 to 5 favorite
throughout the betting, but never looked
dangerous during the running. Fashion
Plate led all the way, and after tiring
about a furlong from the wire, came again
and was beaten out the narrowest of
margins by the 2% to 1 second choice
Fiorlmel, carrying the Spreckels colors.
The six-fur:ong selling run that fol
lowed looked a gift for Perhaps with
Shaw in the saddle, yet he was allowed to
drift back in the betting from 3 to 5 to
even. The brown gelding led from the
jump, winning easily ai the finish, a
length ahead of Doubtful, the second
choice. Jack Martin, a 12 to 1 shot, run
into *ho\v.
Willie Martin piloted the even|money
choice Cabrillo to victory in the fourth
race decided, a mile and a sixteenth run,
under selling conditions. Taking him at
once to the iront, he never relinquished
the lead and parsed the judges a nock in
advance of San Marco, with Morte Fonse
tii rd a head further away. The time,
I:-*:* I ,', was fast, considering|tho unfavor
able climatic conditions.
The starl to the next event, a six-fur
lone sprint, was an unfortunate one,
Palmerston, Howard and Major Cook be
ing left at the post. Strathrol, the 4to 5
choice, w»? away first, and making all the
running won easily from Una Colorado, a
15 to 1 shot excellently ridden by Patsy
Freeman. Midas, well played at long
odds, finished third.
Tne tinal five-furlong scramble was cap
tured by the Burns and Waierhouse entry,
Elsmore, at sixes in the betting, which
ouisprimed the even money favorite, Rey
Salazar, at the last furlong and won
handily by less than a length in 1:03*.^.
Siva, a 15 to 1 shot, was a good third.
NOTES.
The number of bookmakers wtighing in
was reduced to fourteen yesterday. They
were not overburdened with business.
Eddie Ames rode a very good race
astride Don Gara and should be able to
get more mounts in future.
Joe Harvey increased hs bank roll con
siderably by backing his filly Fashion
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
DACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. ln Z leside Racetrack. Monday. April a 6. Eighty
* second day of the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather cloudy. Track fast. cl K n *y
091 FIKST P.AUK— Sev«n-elgnihs of »mile;
Index.
Horse, weight.
54
902 i
Florlmel 110
Fa»nlon Plate. 110
Kosalbra 122
IKufalbs 117
Da Capo 112
Flambeaaette 110
Lucky Bt*r 112
Glbbetllfllbbet....llO
The P.ULger 119
Argestes 117
James Porteus...lls
3
4
1
5
6
9
8
10
2
7
tell
, 1 2
3 h
2h
6 2
81
4 1
91
I?
10
23
1 1
IP
61
IP
4 1
i?
6 2
10
2 S
1 2
3 2
4 3
61
5 1
9 10
7 I
8 1
10
2 4
1 2
3 1
44
6 1
5 1
8 i.
9 1
7 2
10
1 ns
2 8
3 h
4 6
6 V 2
6 4
7 10
8 1
96
10
slaughter.
Buzemau.
>:iider
Martin.
H. Brown
stiepard
Shirlet
Ames
.-haw.
Hennossy
Freeman
782 I
902 I
782 I
824
90S
*36
908
857
890
3
30
3
6-5
30
*0
12
100
30
40
30
21^8
4u
4
6-5
40
50
*0
150
70
40
30
Good start. Won driving.
Winner, A. B. Spreckels' b. f., by Apacbe-Vlrjean. Time, 1:30.
009 SECOND RA
purse 935 a
Index! Horn». age, welEht. Ist.
910 Perhaps, 4 110 2
BU9 Doubtful, 4... 108 1
HlO .lacK Hanln, 4...108 4
765 iJaci Kichelieu ji.114 7
HB6 Eas-1.4 IU6 6
718 ;Spry l.arlc. 4 106 3
*96 Ka: Moi. 5 11l 9
910 Duch<Hs. 4 106 6
807 j-vengali, 5 mj H
2
1
4
7
6
3
9
6
I Ml
lh
63
5 1
81
*A
1 3
3 2
4 1
7 2
6 1
at
8 1
66
9
Btr.
1 3
2 1
44
73
6 4
8 6
I*
Fin. ! Jockey.
1V 3 Shaw
2 3 I Dozeman .......
3Vi sievenj
4 4 Freeman
5 8 Carberr/
6 2 Wllnon
7 2 J. Grlften . .
820 Koilier
9 Shepard.
BmtlnK.
Op. QL
3-5
12
15
8
20
40
6U
40
4-5
6-2
12
30
12
30
100
300
100
Winner,
< 1
Qt)O THIRD RACE—'
: selling;
; purse $350.
Hor-ip. age, welffht. j St.! Vi !
V 2
Btr.
Fin.
913 I)on (.»ra 4 11l 1 2 5
SBB Emmal), a 109 3 .. '"" im
871 olive. 5 109 4 .'."" 6h w
900 Coda 4 JOB: iO 8%
885 sea -pray, 5... .111 5 .... iv«
916 'Doyle, 6.. .111 2 ' •■{ i
004 iMobalaslca, 4 11l 6 " 61
Free will, 4 110 9 7 h
825 j.N'lc Nac, 4 106 7 "" 94
806 [Two Cheers. .. .111 1 8 ...\.\ 10
23
1 2
5 1
6 1.
8 3
4 1
3 2
S3*
10
32
1 3
43
6 2
7 1
6 1
8 4
92
10
1 h : A mes
2 J /i Botem an
33 {.-laughter
4 2 {Clawxon
6^ Snider 1
6 5 J Freeman ... ..
7 3 W. Martin
8B Sbaw
9 h<* Parker '
10 • Wilson ..
100 100
10 10
5 9
10 'Hi
10 25
30 80
1-2 9-20
40 20
50 100
40 25
Good start. Won driving.
1:16%:
Winner, A. Archer's br. «., by Rail) bone-Miss Melbourne.
Time,
Q'^i FOURTH RACE— and
;; purse $400.
Index. Home, age, weleht. j S?t.
rdex. T H or*i% age, weleht. t?t. Std. 14 y± %
<S«i > k tttx 10 ' 5 110 3 In 12 12 11
»07 1 San Marco, 4 lOC 46 V* 4h 21 22
817 .Mori., t'onse. 6.. .110 2 7' 61 3h 31
9i7 ,\d. Buchanan, 6.105 1 2h 3 y 41 41
868 JMiniiieJl. 4 101 6 M 2h 71*5 V *
: ••"H-11. 4 10i 6 j3% 2h 7 7™
(B,l)laiayK, 3 ...86 7J4 (T 51ya 5 h ■ 6V,
BettiDß.
Op. CI.
Str.
II Mi In
'2 3 -1 h
33 3 2
5y 2 4 2
4 1/, 520
6 2 !U4
7 7
W. Martin j 6-5
Isona I 8
Bozeman 8
Stevens 20
Claw»on • 2
WlUon 300
J. Woods 7
I
20
20
50
2
500
8
Good stare. Won driving
1 :49'/s-
inner, P.
b. n., by 81.
925. i]llli KACi£ — Three-quarter* of a mile; four-year-olds and up; purse «350.
Index. j
Xlonc, weight.
!«*.
. *A
»i
Bel'.lnc.
Op CI.
Btr.
910 Ktrathrol. 6.. . 114 1
905 r.i» Colorado, 6.. 116 1 2 .......
913 Midas, 6 119 4 .
873 Howard, 6 11l 5
'•"' MMIo, 4 ..108 3 ..
'■•Hi Palmerston,4....lll 1eft........
»18 [Major Cook. 5 116 left ...
1 h
4 20
I*
2 2
IJS
1 h
4 c
2h
5
3 1
1 I
2 3
3 4
W. Martin...
Freeman
Hennegsy... ;
•Snider. '
Thompson
Bozrman.
Shaw
1
12
15
I 6
10
-U
4
0-10
15
15
4
25
20
5
:
V::d Blurt.
1:14%.
on easily. Winner, S. Hildreth'a b. h., by Straihmore-imp. Petroleum IL Tlm^
SIXTH HACK— Five-eighths of a mile; two-year-olds; purso *40a
index
Horse, vrelgfit.
%
1 h~
2 3
63
3n
4 2
7 3
9 10
*y»
10^.
•Fin.
IF
2 2
4 h
58
06
1 3
8 10
9
10
Bettlnc.
op. ci.
j~~5 ~6
4-5 1
20 la
6 8
fiB ; r-:> <6
la J6
40 80
30 60
20 00
L. * ■ •
915 I
(916)
912 ;
»03
912
012
003
891
803
K»»more 108 . 4 I
Key .-alazar 110 6 I
s ;>™ 103 2 1::::::::
V ntl s* 113 » ........
Los Priet0».......i00 I
Imporioiis 103 ' 6 "
Sadie Schwartz... .9 *"
UrzeUti 100 8 "
Malta... 100 7 •••-•
Castak-e 100 10
1 h
2 3
6 3 '
» h
4 1
1 3
9 10
« y%
iS %
Hennessy.......
Shaw. ..<
"liiuchter.
W. Martin
Jones...
Bozeman.
Klley
Claw son ;...
I
| I uomusOD
|J. uriflin
•Cou^ed'wUh i d " Tta& Wlnncr ' BarM * W.torhouse's b. c.. by Mor.Uo-El.le a Time, l:O3Vt
Plate, which ran second in tbe opening
race at odds of 50 to 1, and capped the
climaxby winning $6000 on the long shot
j Don Gara.
Kirn wood stock farm has a curiosity in
j the form of twin colis, dropped by the
i mare Kathleen by Shannon, on Friday
last. Imp. Brutu9 is the sire oltne husky
little fellows, both of which «ive promise
of sumo day sporting the Boots black and
white colors if present indications count
for anything. It is a very unusual occur
rence. One is a chestnut, tbe other a bay.
Morte Fonse waa possessed of much
more speed in yesterday's race than be
exhibited on Saturday. Heretofore he
has always been a most consistent per
former.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, nine-sixteenths of a mile, two-year
olds:
912 Saticoy 104 897 St. I hlllp IIS
776 Lord Marmlon.lo4 (909)Dousterswivel..ll3
897 Hermoso US 646 la I.oma. 101
909 I'ongo 104 SH7 Front d>> Bgbui.ll3
. .. Tvwanda 108 91."> Twlnlclar 108
915 Aluminnm Ill) <ti Flushiueton. ...108
9U3 lima 101 (9.6)Elsmore 108
8?« MoriiK-l 101 1 9 la iliss iteniMii. . . 10f>
bl9 Heiiicia. 101 897 M.'i. Burnhani..ll3
Second race, one mile, selling:
908 t-'ogen: 1071 890 Fergonne.. 107
9-'O Hilly Vice 107 919 l.on Lour R....10V!
(895)Tulare. 104 9VO Soniro- 104
<9Ofi)Ch!irl«>roagne...lO4 907 Nebula.'. 102
919 (>eo. Pnlu-er....104 844 Intiamnintor. . .107
j 9JO Tempestuous... 104 i 807 F»nuy 8 102
Third race, seven-eiifhtlis of a mile, ling:
8.T.! Trappean 104 901 Tenacity 104
»93 Blue Bell 10-' 90t> Joe X 101
91 o r.ieardo. 104, 8«6 u'FiPPta 104
£910 i.a Flecba. :.... 9Pi 910 AlontalUdo 10X
Tobey 104
fourth race, quarters of a mile.
(914)Vlnctor 1171 90. < jeiarlan 117
I iSI.-t) lorsina 109| 884 Zamar Jl 100
Fif:h race, seven-eighths of a mile, selling.
904 Kowalsky 104 881 Collins 104
917 u»ylignt 104 (911)Kefugee . 105
9-J5 Midas 11l 6->V Kriiioiii 104
906 Miss RulU lit otsS Babe Murphy.. 106
866 JMeartuw Lark.. loß
.Sixth r cc. one aod ati eighth miles.
917 Wawonn 107 896 st. AUnon 103
»14 Imp. lrauce....lOi 917 IVter II 110
905 Marcel lO.'> 923 Sea «pray 107
911 Lconville 107 910 Mosier 103
914 Karl Cochrau. . 10H\ 792 Japonlca 101
♦
StLECTIOSS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Front I>e Bcauf, Flushlng
ton, Mni Keuiaen.
Second race— Tulare, Geo. Palmer,
' Charlemaiciie.
iliiril race— Blontallade, Trapoesn,
: Blue Bell.
Fourth race — t?segarlan, Zninar 11, Tor
slua.
Fifth Kefugee, Kowalikj, Babe
Murphy.
Sixth — St. Aiguon, Imp. Trance,
I Japonlca. '•
CHINESE GAMBLERS.
Another Ingenious Point in Their Favor
Sprang Upon Judge JoachinmtD,
Judge Joachimsen is haying novel
points sprung upon him in regard to
Chinese gambling cases.
Attorney Richards, in the case of Woo
! Bing, charged with visiting a gambling
j place at 815 Washington street, argued
: some days ago that it must first be proved
! that the place was a gambling-house and
! second that the person went there for the
| purpose of earn bunt:.
Tne Judge decided that the point was
not well taken, in view of recent decisions,
and ordered Woo Bing and forty-five
others to appear for sentence to-day, when
appeal papers will iiicely be filed.
Yesterday Attorney C. J. Campbell, in
i the case of Ah Poy, cnargpil with visiting
I a gambling place at 12, r > Waverly place,
: sprang another point upon the Judge,
i which he has tauen some days to think
I over.
Attorney Campbell contended that sub
division 3 of section 33 of the ordinance
1587, under which the arrest was made, was
unreasonable and void, ma-much as it
made the penalty for visiting the same as
for keeping or maintaining a gamollng
house. lie quoted numerous decisions in
support of his contention.
The subdivision reads that any person
keeping, maintaining or visiting any place
for the purpose of gambling is liable upon
conv.ction to a fine not exceeding $r>oo or
imprisonment for six months, or by both.
Affection TVm» a I'oor Collateral.
Andrew J. Weir is on trial in Judge Wal
lace's court, charged with obtaining $200 by
false pretenses from Louise Peter, an unsophis
ticated German girl. Although a married
man, Weir made love to the young woman,
and she says he promised to marry her. In
order to show thai nis Hff..-ctioa was recipro
cated, she <aye him all her money. Several
of his love-letter* were read to the jury. They
were exceedingly affectionate m tone and
greatly interested Mrs. Weir, who was present
in court. Further testimony will be heard to
day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1897.
DUNNE GETS NO
PLACE OR SALARY
The Mayor Wins His Tilt
With District Attor
ney Barnes.
Fourth of July Money May Not
Get Into the Boulevard
Fund.
Supervisor Smith Wan s Quincy-
Street Houses to Be Allowed
to Fall Into DfCky.
Mayor Phelan came out first best in his
tilt with District Attorney Barnes over
the hiring of assistant counsel at the
nveiing of the Board of Supervisors
yesterday. His veto of Attorney James
J. Dunne's appointment was upheld al
most mi ■ii!:m<.'ii ly au I the authorization
for services already performed was also
sustained.
The Mayor made the following reply to
the recent letter of District Attorney
Barnes in relation to the employment of
special counsel:
.. San Francisco, April 24, 1897.
. To the Honorable th, Hoard of Svpirvisor* of
the City and Cnunty of San l-'ranciscj—Gentle
men: Jn his liter of April 17, ihe District
Attorney, in jusliiication ol his demand for
special assiatau counsel, lays that tlio Board
of Supervisors is authorized to provide add
tional assistance to the various departments
ot the municipal government and that this
power has beea conspicuously exercised In
Uie matter ot the Assessor's ottice, the Recor
der's cflice, the County Clerk's office, etc. I
find that this as done by rxpreu i-tati'tory
enactment. (See act of March 30, 1872, and
act ol March 9tt, 1595. )
The cases cited by the District Attorney nave
no application to the matter before us, for tne
reason that they affirm the right of Boatus of
Supervisors to employ additional counsel in
civil matters and not Id criminal enses. In
the case of Modoc County vs. encer & Raker
(103 Cal., 4!»8). decided in 1894. |tbe Supreme
Court held that "Boards of Supervisors are
creatures of the statute, and the authority for
any act on their part must be sought In the
statute"; that "unaer the county government
act Boards of Supervisors have no power to ,
employ counsel on behalf of the county to
prosecute or assist in the prosecution of crim
inal cases prosecuted in the name or on behalf
of the people of the Slate," and that the "al
lowauce by the Board ol Supervisors to attor
neys for as»i«iiiig in the prosecution of crim
inal cases is void, and creates no legal claim
against the county."
In this connection I desire to call your at
tention to the fuct that ihe payment of the
salary oi the Assistant District Attorney,
allowed by the last Board of Supervisors lor
sixteen months, terminating January, 1897,
and amounting to; 4000, was paid according
to this decision in violation of law. The court
in the case cited above says that the couuty
has no concern as to tin- prosecution of
criminal cases, and if the District Attorney
needs ass stance he must call on the Attorney-
General under section 470 of the Political
Code.
As to the prosecution of pure food cases I
wouid remind your honorable board that you
have employe<i*in the I'oiire Courts lour pros
ecuting attorneys at $3000 a y«ar each and
four assistant prosrcuung attorneys, whose
duty it is generally to prosecute all such cases,
and that a demand for special counsel is a
rcllectiou upon their competency and upon
the wisdom of your selection.
The board completed its vote of confi
dence to the Mayor by sustaining two
vetoes of privileges granted shopkeepers
to extend their show-windows over the
sidewalks.
Supervisor Delaney introduced a resolu
tion turning over the $3000 appropriated
for the celebration of independence day
to the boulevard fund, out it was objected
to by Supervisors Bntt and Lackmann,
who thought that the celebration of July
4 should be fostered in every way, an d
that if the City wanted 10 contribute to
tne boulevard expenses it should do so in
some other way.
It was suggested that perhaps the
transfer would not be legal, and tue mat
ter was finally referred to the Finance
Committee.
Mark Lane presented a vigorous protest
again-t the fund being diverted from the
purpo-e for which it was originally in
tended. He declared that the safety of
the Republic rested on keeping alive the
fires of patriotism and Jove of country in
the hearts of its citizens, particularly the
rising generation, and that evrry fire
cracker if not every grain of powdei used
on Independence day performs iti office
in keeping up precious patriotism.
A resolution permitting alterations and
repairs to a building on Bacon place, for
merly Quincy street, brought a strong
i rotest irom Supervisor Smith. He de
clared that no improvements of any kind
should be permitted on houses used for
the purposes Quiccv-s-reet structures are
used, saying tliat they -hould be allowed
to decay as early as possible. They
were a disgrace to the City, he said, and
their owners should not be civen any en
couragement. Supervisor Rottanzi took a
hand in the discussion, and then Super
visor Delaney moved that the entire mat
ter be postponed for one week. He stated
that some cnanges in the names of streets
were contemplated and that Bacon place
might be renamed Rottanzi street. The
matter was postponed a week.
The board voted to past Supervisor
Rottanzi's high-hat ordinance to print,
but Supervisor Smith gave notice of a re
consideration, wuich bars the progreis of
the measure for the time being.
Proposals for printing delinquent tax
lists wern submitted as follows: Evening
Post 41 14 cents per naraa, Report 8 cents
per name, Bulletin 7 2-5 cents per name.
Bids were referred to the Printing Com
mittee.
The matter of permitting the erection
of high fences about town for advertising
purposes was referred to the City and
County Attorney for a legal ODinion on
the question.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work
Acted On by the Board.
The followine is a complete summary
of the street improvements wbich passed
the Board of Supervisors at yesterday's
session :
AWARD OF CONTRACTS.
Montgompry avenue. Bay to North Point-To
Warren <fe O'Malley, for grading.
j ___^w ^.w . wrwrw^ • NEW TO-DAT.
$1000 EEWARD. %\£u!^££^^sfi?i**«* : '* P^ltlve.y e»*™t~*
world, and Is as far superior to ih^ cheaply lou^uTbntexSv^' 1 , DOW m * d " ln m " y part of the
now on the market »s an ele-tric ltcht Is MitSerior to t^Tt if * .^» y '"'vertised so-called electric belts
with all modern Improvements at a »S ?Pb?cs? iLrL" 1 . J*"°*;., can(lle - >Kor a fl»'-class belt,
and you will thus Dave no reason U com ofaln^hT^ l^..^^ .»«• old-established and reliable firm,
principled "quacks." Buy wMI tlKn have Jl n n? &.f WID^. ll D om of y° nr money by un-
UK. PIKUCK & sos, 704 Bacram22tO SU CW Kear^r^rVi? 3^ 00 * Fmk - C * ll or • dd re"
Krandsco. The following drnMtsu ire aeent«° ru^ak^lJL*?,' Mark « t »U be'ow Kearnr, Ban
Stockton, and Geobob G. Moa£kilD,^aa jose. ' G °«i*«». Sacramento; Holdbn Dbo« Ca,
BE.SOI.UTIOX OBDKBI.NQ STK6KT WORK.
Halglit and Ashbury— Bitumen.
Hainht, Aabbury to Clayton— Same, with
•ewers.
Ualgtat and Clayton— with sewers, etc.
liaigbt, Clayton to Coif— same, and s«wers, etc.
HulClu and Cole— s«m», and aide wal etc.
Ha *bt, Cole to Shrader-Carbs and pavlug.
Height and Shrader— Paving.
California street and Twentieth avenue— Orad.
ing, curbs, nsners. etc.
Mission street and Crescent avenue— Curbs, pav
ln/, etc.
Lobo* and Badown streets. Plymouth to Capital
avemie-i urbs and niac;dam;stng.
BECOMKKNDED PASSED TO BESOLOTIOX
OBDEBING.
Page, Scott to Devisadcro-i and sidewalks.
RESOLUTION' OF INTKJJTION TO OBDEB BTBKKT
WOBX.
Locust, Sacramento to Clay— Curbs and paving.
.-a ra:n»-u.o and Spruce— Paving.
Spruce, Sacramrnio tv Clay— Curbs and paving.
Sacramento, Mapl» to Cherry— -ame.
Saciamentoano. Cherry— vim.
isacramento, chsrry to First avenue— Curb) and
paving.
Cherry. Clay to Waihington— Same.
Clay, First avonue 10 Cherry— Same.
Cherry and Clay— Pavlnr.
. Clay, :>; nule to Cherry— Curbs and paving.
Clay and Maple— Curbs, paving and sidewalks.
Clay, Spruce to Ma|i. <. urb» and paving.
Clay and Spruce— Paving.
lav, Locust to Spruce— Curbs and paving.
Clay ana J.ocust— laving. ■■ .: • <■- :..-■■•
1 ocus 1 . Clay to Washington— Curbs and paving.
Cla.t l.Kuri I to Locus;— Same.
Clay and Lnurcl— Paving. ■ +■ ■' : ■
Laare!, < lay to Washington— Curbs and paving.
Clay, Walnut to Laurel—^ame.
V ay and Walnut— Paving.
\V >ihul,.oii ana Laurel— -nine.
Laurel, Washington to Jackson— and pav
lnr.
Washington. Laurel to Locust— Same.
Washington and i.ocust— Paving.
Locust, Washington to Jackson— and pav
ing. • _-. .
Washington, Locus', to Spruce— S«ma,
. Washington 10 Spruce— Paving.
Washington. ni.ruce to Maple— Paving and
curbs-
Washington and Maple— Paving.
Washington, Maple to cherry— Curbs and pav
ing.
Washington and Cherry— Paving.
Cherry, Washington to Jacxson— urbs and pav
ing.
Washington First avenue to Cherry— Same.
Jackson, Matile to berry— Same.
Jackson and Maple— Paving.
'son and Cherry — urbs and paving.
Jatksun, Maple 10 Spruce— Si me.
Jackson ai;d pruce— Paving.
Jackson, Locust to Hpruce— Curbs and paving.
Jackson and Locust— Paving.
j.-..-kion. L.iurel to Lt'iu^i— Curbs and paving.
Laurel ana Jackson— Parving.
Jnck-ou, Walnut to Laurel— Curbs and paving.
Jacksoa and Walnut— Paving.
Jackson, Central avenue to Walnut— Curbs and
paving.
Maple, Clay to Washington— and paving.
*|iruce. Clay to Washington— l'lp<- sewer.
Maple, Clay to Washington—
Hpruce. Washington to Jackson— Curbs, paving
and pipe-sewer.
bpruce. Clay to Washington— Curbs and paving.
• BKSOI.UTMIN OF FUI.I. ACCKPTANCB.
Green, Uough to Octavia— Bitumen.
Kddy, Octavia to Lairuna— Bitumen.
Collingwood, Klghteenth to Mlceteenth—Bitu
men.
BKBOL.DTIOV OF CONDITIOVAI. ACCEPTANCK.
Gougn. Kddy to Kills— Bitumen.
RKCOMMKMJF.K FOB FOLI. ACCEPTANCE.
Cole. Haight to Waller— Bitumen.
Webster, Uatght to Waller— Same.
Noe and Henry — Same.
STBKKT WUKK BKCOMMENDRD BT BUPEBIKTEMO
ENT OF STHKKTS
Alabama and Twenty-third— Curbs, sidewalks,
etc.
Bryant, Tw. nty-thlrd to Twenty-fourth— Curbs
and paving.
Bryant and Twenty-first— Paving.
Bryant and Twenty-v cond— sidewalks,
storm-water inlets, etc.
Lazuna, Kills to U'Karrell— Curbs and paving.
O'Farreil, iJevlsadero to Broderick— -tame.
Sanchez, >lxteenth to Mnrkci-Saim'.
Sixteenth, banchez to Market— Same and pipe
•ewer.
Fremont avenue. Waller to Frederick— Same,
Alvarado. San Jose avenue to Uuerrero— l»lpe
sewi-r. etc.
Page, Masonic avenue to Ashbury— and
MlS.lii-
West Mission, Twelfth to Thirteenth— Curbs and
paving, and stoim- water inlets, etc, at Intersection
of Brady and Hermann.
Sutler aril I'll I re— Stone sidewalks on south
erly corner.
PHIIPO.AI, TO BR BKADVKRTISKD.
Stockton, between Sacramento and California,
thir:y •••ft on eas'. line— Stone sldeA a'K -
KITKXSIOX OP TIMK ORANTKD.
Church and Twenty-second— To Unlou Paving
and Contracting Company, sixty days on paving,
etc-
t a'tfornU, Maple to Cherry— Same.
Ca lfor >la, cherry to Firti" aveuu*— Same.
1 uiiniii. Third to sixth— Same.
EXTENSION" Or TIMK KKCOMM KN'DED.
Prospect avenne, Oobo to Esmeralda avenue—
To B. Dobson, thirty days on sewering, trading,
•ie
I* street south and Thirteenth avenue soiun To
Williams, liel»er Jtro. , thirty days on storm-water
inU'ti.
1' itreet south and Fourteenth avenue south—
Bum, ■ ■■ . .
n street south and Twelfth avenue sonth— Same.
N street sou: h aod Fourteenth avenue south—
Barnn. . .
Elgnth avenue south and M street south— Same,
thirty days on sewers, corner*, etc.
n street, r?i-v«-n;h to i- ichiii avenuet— To J. B.
Conroy, sixty J «ys on gradlne. etc
Baker, Tonquln to Lewis- To Warren AMa ley,
90 duy» on mucadimliing, etc
-\" street -outh and Fourteenth avenue south —
To M. C IIOKHn. 9j dii>-s on «torm-w«ter lnleis
P street suuth and 1 weltth uvenue south— hame.
ORDER TO MAKE X; PAIRS.
Foisom street— MMIH IBMI Hallway Company
directed to make repairs on pavement so roadway
can be Improved, the City nnw belnK encaged in
making w.e repairs for which It is chargeable.
TICBMISUON TO RKTAIN ARTIFICIAL STONE
CIBBS iillA.XTKll.
Turfc. DevlsaJiro to Hroderlclc— To 1* H. Camp
bell and oihe.s.
Fourteenth, Noe to Castro— To Mra. E. Lynch
and others.
PETITIONS BEFKRRED TO BTBKST COKMITTEK.
uough, 60 feet south of McAllister on west side— i
EuKene de rreville to retain sidewalks for three
months.
.Stevenson and Eighteenth— W. B. Jones and
others for removal of obstruction and ooenlng of
Stevenson from Eighth 120 feet souihwe-iterty.
Army, .Xoe to Castro- R. B. Burns for 60 dava'
exteusion of ilui- on contract to grade.
Army and Castro— O. s. Carvin for same.
Pierce. Lombard to Chestnut— Van Ness Avenne
Improvement Club to have contractor Unlsh grad
ing of west hail
I'restdlo Heights district— Property-owners for
paving of streets.
Post street— Boesch Lamp Company to replace
two old iamDs with new onea In front of No. V 24
Davis street— Shalnwald, Buckbee&en. to repair
Sidewalks in front of uumbers4oU Mid 410.
>cvenieenth avenne, M point 300 feet north of
California street— Property-owners for raisinc of
grade. . *
Waller, Shrader to Stanyan-Property-owners
for change of grude. -
Fulton. Shrader to stauyan-c. I>. >alfield to
withdraw appeal from assessment for . cost of
paring.
China and Mission— Property-owners for clenn
lng of cesspools,
Snrader, Waller to Beulah-Property-owners to I
have all owners of property to lay sidewalks
Lyon. Union to Chestnut— Daniel Uarney for !
releaie from contract 10 sewer.
Howard— Barbara staacke to have sidewalk in
front ot No. 938 Inspected. ■• \ > - i . "
PBOTE9TS, ETC., BF.KERRKD TO STRKKT COM
MITTEE.
Bay. Buchanan to biter— Mrs. a H. Faull
against construction of sewer.
Bpruce, Bacramenio to Clay— Jndson Wheeler i
against paving.
Leavenworth, Greenwich to Lombard, and Leav- !
enworth and Ureenwlch- Property-owners against
paving.
Eugenia avenue. Bennlngton to Andover— Same
against grading.
Market-street Railroad Company— Notice given !
that work of constrncting street railroad described !
in ordur 8070 will be^ln April 27. 1897.
Vna iNess avenue— Frank Stelnman's inquiry In i
regard to provision for sewer outlet.
PETITION BEFEBRED TO STREET LIGHTS COM
MITTEE.
Waller and Pbrader— ty-owners for plac
ing of electric lamp.
BKPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON MATTERS RE
FERRED TO IT AT PBkVIOPS MKETIN9.
Jones, <ieary to Matter of laying stone
id. walks on each side laid over for two month-..
wenty-fourth. Diamond to DougUsH — Hewer
nuisance lian been abated. Matter of damages re
ferred to Judiciary committee.
Page, Lyon to Central avenue— Work referred to
Srjperintendent of Streets.
Sacramento, Locnst to Spruce— Street work now
belutt examined.
Nineteenth. Twentieth and Utah— Qnp>t!on of
stavins fnrther excavation r.f*rred to the Super
intendent of Streets.
Capitol avenue and Fanlloces street— ln favor
Of grading, etc.
Sycamore avenue, ValencU to Mission— ln favor
of paving.
Je s.e, Seventh to Eighth— Obstructions must be
removed.
First, Harrison to Bryant— Agalust paving.
iolsoni. Sixth to Tenth — superintendent of
streets now engaged in making repairs 10 pave-
Twenty-flrst, Diamond to Castro— Grading rec
orum*'iiili'H.
Poplar alley, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth— ln
.avorot posiponin)! proceedings for six months.
Bay, \an • Vess tvenne to Lyon— favor of
grading, paying, etc.
Laldley, l'alrmount toMateo— Same; also grades
lor talrmottnt district.
Furalloncs street, capital to Plymouth avenue—
In favor of grading etc.
-, ,t' r \'' ks ' w n ty-nrßt to Twenty-second—Side
walks should be laid.
Capitol avenue, >a«amore street to Palmetto
avenue— ln favor of grading.
Market ana Sacramento streets— Sidewalks rec
ommended n-jiaire^L .
Nineteenth Castro to Colllngwood-Same for
stone sidewalks.
Other iietiUons.esceDt various private contracts;
either re i.ortod against adverse. y or recommended
piftceu on iiit.'.
WILL BE PAID IN JULY.
A Plan for Giving the School-Tenchers
Their Back ray Undar Consideration.
The teachers whose salaries were held
out during the last hall of November and
during June will receive their delayed pay
during July according to Chairman Wal
ler of the Finance Committee of the Board
of Education.
In order to protect the teachers a war
rant covering the indebtedness in the ag
gregate will be made out and tiied for
auditing, and then the amounts due the
various contractors will be paid.
Under the law teachers must receive
their pay whether other h Us are settled
or not, and ihe teachers, being thus pro
tected, are believed to be satisfied with the
arrangement.
Death of an Engineer.
Mrs. Mary E. Ha^ariy and her Infant
daughter have sued the Southern Pacific Com
pany to recover $50,000 for the loss of Henry
Hagarty, au engineer in the defendant com
pany's employ, who was killed Octobers last
at Palo Alto. Haearty was :W years of ag< and
wt a earning $125 a month in his occupation.
Supreme Court £xHininstlon.
Over fifty Kpplicants for admission to prac
tice in the Supreme Court appeared before the
bir of tliat tribunal yesterday. About twenty
five were oxamined.
KEW 10-DAT.
CHANGED HER MIND.
Then Changed Her Body.
"Some people fail to arrive at correct
conclusions because they are too hasty,
and I have to watch myself on that very
point," s:iiii a lady. "1 said to a friend
the other day that I didn't fancy the grain
coffee, Postum, although nearly all my
friends use it. We tried it once, bin it
didn't taste as good as I had been told it
would, so we didn't serve it any more."
My friend asked pleasantly whether we
ever hud trouble with our coffee or tea,
and was toltl that now and then the cofft'.'
was "'sloppy" or burned, and occasionally
the tea was unlit to drink, but then, you
know, I said, we know coffee and tea can
De made good, so it is some faiiure with
I the cook i: tney come to the table unfit.
| "Ah, there's the point." my friend ex-
claimed. "Now we have been using
Postum steadily for about a year and we
know its magnificent qualities as a nour-
ishing beverage; but, mind you, 1 have
seen it served at my table once«or twice
almost unfit to drink, and we got one
package last summer that was overcooked
jat the factory and was not eooil, but
| which ihe grocer replaced; the*e inci-
dents do not change the lact that Postum
is a delicious, healthy and .nourishing
beverage, as proven day after day in our
fumily. .
"You should not hastily condemn a new
thir.g upon one imperfect trial, as you de-
prive yourself of benefit! which a fair test
would make yours."
"These comments made an impres-
sion, and, acting on her advice, I
hunted up the package . of Pos-
| turn, brewed some myself for breakfast
the next morning, and it really was as de-
licious to my taste as a high-grade coffee.
I noticed that morning that the heavy,
disagreeable feeling (usual after breakfast
with coffee) was absent This set me
I thinking and wondering if it was true,
i after nil, that'eoffea did slightly poison
my liver and stomach and make me feel
so. I concluded to quit coffee and t9a
a white, anyhow, and try Postum, and am
glad to say that lor that, or some other
reason, I never felt better in my iife than
I have since the change."
"Just as good" as Postum Cereal are-
words used to defraud the public.
Yqt /^^CoXaTftv
ELTSCREAM BAUI is a positive care.
Apply into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed. 60
cents at DniEffiists or by mail : samples 10c, by mail.
ELY BROTUfiIIS, 56 Warren St., New York Citj.
STRONG AGI%
THE ANAPHRODISIC,
From PROF. DR. RICORD of Paris Is tha
only remedy for restoring strength under
guarantee, and will bring back your lost
powers and stop forever the dangerous
drains on your system; They act quickly,
create a healthy digestion, pure, rich
blood, firm muscles, rugged strength,
steady nerves ana clear brain. Imported
direct from Paris. Price per box, direc-
tions inclosed, $2.50. For sale by all re-
spectable druggists. Mail orders from any
person shall receive prompt attention.
For sale by Dr. V. Condory, 460 Quincy
Building, Chicago. •
DR.MCMJLTY.
riMir.S WELL-KNOWN AND RKLrABLE OU)
A N| >t .»-(ii! Ist currs Privnte.N'ervous.r.lootlandMkiu
Diseases of Men <mtv. Manly Power n>storp.i. Over
"Oyea.rVexpprieuoe. S»nd for Book, free. Patients
cured sit ITomi'. Tprms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
(U!!y;fi:3o tnS.3oev"srs. Kuudny*. lOto 12. Consnlta-
tlon free and tuicredly comldeutial. Call oraddxess
P. ROSCOE McXtLTT, 31. D-,
26.; Kfnmy Slreel, tM I'raniliou, Cml.
E^fB&DR. Ii.UI/S RM\V!GOi:ATO]I
|L2af*lMH Five bnndred retrurd lor nay cas* vri
■HI IE cannot mre. THIS skckkt 11 KM-
ft H KuY- ttopt ali .losses In 24 lioiira.
RSB KS rllr Eualaalona, Jmpotency. Varico
Wri F'rfl cale - "onorrboaa, 01-et, Fits. sr r
UIJ Cj£ lllr Blood '"•«""- m.\ iw*,:fVt
SreL_Hl *: fff>CM 0( "OH-VI.Q..J or fixcessaf
|2!9tart3Q Sent sealed. $2 per bottle. i|i«Kl
BOTTLES, *5: marant#M to cur« anr caai:
BK. HALL'S MEDICAL IN'STITUTiC
bbi Broadway. Oakland. <J«t
fcMbooiL ir * aUw * aa> V»lc*lr cureo. b«nl foi
IMl'lllff WILCOX COMPOUND
HgFANSYQPILLS
|Wj*« only reliable reraair rr nl«tor
1 «jf Nevfir KhIU. Sold by druggists! 52.00
J[wia^ r cKTOthTSSS_
NOTARY PUBLIC.
AJ. HENRY. AITOR.NEY-AT-LAW AND
£l • Notary Pab:lr, 6^B Market St., opposite Pal-
ace Hotel. i T lephone 570. Ttesidenc. 1820 Foil
atreet. Telephone •Pine" 259 L
.^te^P^^^lfe
BARTLETT SPRW!
\ —
GOOD WATER AND
GOOD HEALTH, ,
A Positive Cure for Kidney,
Stomach, Liver and Rheu-
matic Troubles.
THOUSANDS OF REMARKABLE CURES.
ewnanNG tank, tub AND VAPOR
baths with competent masseurs.
Tennis Courts, Bowline Alleys/ Croquet
Grounds, Billiards, Dancing Pavilion; Orches-
tra plays dally; burros for mountain climbing.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to
if 15 per week; housekeeping cottages, $2 50 to
$ti per week.
. Call or address BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth street, Son Francisco, or B. 8. Co.,
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
California's favorite resort.
Locited on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of
l-:«ia<-h, Baj anil Mountains.
SALMON FISHING.
Tennis Court, Croquet Grounds and Music.
Reasonable Kates.
For t»rnu addreis
JOHN T. SULLIVAN, Manager.
w% at n ■ I #% #% HOT SPRINGS,
ore, climate, accommodations, eceuery, nowec
bedfi, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunga
bathg, hot snlDhur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
: sage treatment, hunting and flshlnr. children's
| plßj-gronnd, croquet ana dance hall for families.
Paratso stands nnsnrpass?d In the State. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, Ban Francisco, 8:15 a.m.
dally, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telvphone and Postofllce. For
Illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements for
lb9G, MdUresa K. KQBKKTsON, Manager.
Ca. §>.^l\r^?>. Coi.
C~ALIFORNIA'S MOST ENJOYABLE "RE-
60rt": noted for its Curativ.' Powers or th*
springs. Best equipped -Vi:ieral Balbs in Lake Co.
Rates to .sun all. AlnO finest facilities for camp-
Ing. For particulars apply to F. MARTENS,
Prop.. Bacbior P. 0., Lake County, Cal.. orin San
Francisco at 416 Pi:iest. FBa.<K A. BU->SE.
SODA BAY RESORT.
CHANGS OF MANAGEMENT.
Soda Bay, situated on C'ear LaK e, Is most pic-
tnresque. Sprlug is litmuu-- for the vast volume
Of delirious -o.lawnter. Hunting, nsbing, boating
and swim mini; are unsurpassed anywhere. The
table is supp led with t!ie very best the market
affords, and tbe comfort »nd welfare of the guests
carefully looked after. Daily stage from Pieta to
Soda Bay direct. Fare from Ban irar.ctsco SS SO;
round trip $10.
F. B. H ■ TH. proprietor, Soda Bar, Kelsey-
ville. Lake County, Cal.
_ _ _
A If A nnni HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
Vlf nil V (° • onl 41 /2 souri from
■ ill Ull 1?b1 s " Francisco, and but 9
VIinUUV miles' staging. Waters
noted for their medicinal virtues and generally
conceded to be the finest natural bsth water In tne
r-tate. Excellent climate and grand mountain
f-ciTifry. distance telephone: daily mall and
f'Xpress; well-stocked tront streams. Round trip
from San Francisco only $6 60. Take Tibtiron
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 P. if. Terms, $2 a day
or $12 a week.
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
SEiGLER SPRINGS,
LAKK COT Y.
rpHIB DKLIOHTFUL WATE KING-PLACK IS
J. located la the mid-t ot the Coait Raase.
Abondanod of inineral springs, ho. and cold
plnnge batbs. large swimmlug-lank of mineral
water, fine >;one d i ti i ng-roo : telephone con-
nections, electric llshts, livery accomniodation:
good trout-tishing ai.d bunting. Hound-trip tick-
ets at & P. offices, $10.
JOHN SPATJLr>IN<;, Proprietor.
ORR HOT SPRINGS,
H MILKS FROM UKIAH. FINK I'ISHING
and huntinc. Baths free. Water sure cure for i
rhenmatlsm aid all sxin diseases. Hound trip, !
$P 60. Board. *7 ppr week. J. H. ORK. Orr Post-
ollice, Mendocino County, Ca!.
NEW CARLSBAD MINERAL SPRIUGS.
LAKE COUNTY,
rpHE OItKATEST HFALTH-GI WATER
A in America. Specific for a.l stomach, liver,
kidney and bladder troubles. New hotel, new
management. Terms. $8 to $10 per week. For
particulars address W. R. Me -OVKRN, Ke'sey-
ville. Lake 0.. or DR. McOOVERN, 1577 Fol-
som street, San Francisco.
HOWARD SPRINGS.
P. 0., Putah, Lake County.
•pEXOVATED AND IMPROVED; ACCOM-
it modations and table service strictly first class-
slo tosl2; special terms to families: postoffice and !
telephone on premises: round trip $10: ticket* at
Sonihern Pacific offices: finest baths in Lako '
County. WALLACE SPAPLUINO. Man ai,er.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
■FAVORITE RKSORT OF THE SI ATE- THF '<
X water is unexcelled for medicinal purpo.es : '
table unsurpassed: iiu.- fishing nn I hunting suee '
daily from vallstogra direct to springs: round trio
at toathern Pacific office* $iv. Dii \v it
PRATHEIi. Adam Springs. V- X- |
LAUREL GLEN FARi
"PINE SPUING WATKR; PI,. R fY OF -..ILK
X cream, fruit and home comforts For Darttca-
k'.p", Cal." RS - V> STLiJK^«ACCHyb P oxia9. |
> !
SOLID COMFORT HOME.
11 M^LES FROM NAPA CITY. ON MOUNT :
Napa Clty? thmß " AddrCM MRS. A. F. ALLEN,
HOTEL DE THORNTON,
_ POTTKRTAUKY.
ve R n^ceri n P c e o^L^-^' "^"«-
LAUREL DELL,
P L A 9 n NT^ V f °CATED ON LAUREL DELL !
itnot oi- »K ainlnrroom new livt-rv "table. It I
ores 3 v. \\ AMBOLD, nertha P. v,, i, a ke t.0., CaL
QLENBROOK,
O^n nl n^? M S, ST OH ARMING RESORTS
WOflk. Lak. County, C^. * IaBDWAY . «««-
HiGIILAID SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
New hotel erected tbls spring. Lighted by Elec-
tricity. Finest dining-room north of San Fran-
cisco. The ertatest variety of mineral springs in
America. Waters unsurpassed for health or
pleasure. Bathing, boating, hunting and fishing:
swimming tank, dancing, lawn tennis, croquet,
billiards, bowling, etc
TAKK STAGE AT PIETA, SHORTEST AND
BEST ROUTE TO ALL POINTS IN LAKE CO.
Round trip from San Francisco $8.
Bates $10 to $16 per week.
J. CRAIG. Manager.
S. F. Office— 3l6 Montgomery st.
SANTA CATALIM ISLAND!
SEASON OF 1897.
Greatest Attractions in the West.
Charming climate, wonderful natural attrac-
tions, famous fishing and wild goat shooting. Th«
new scenic ride from the ocean to Middle Ranch.
Splendid coaches, famous Western drivers. De-
lightful coast excursions. Novel outdoor sports.
Urand concerts every day. Dancing. Pyrotechnic
displays, wa:er Carnivals, etc.
Hotel Metropole always open, remodeled and
enlarged, new addition, elegant rooms with bath.
<;r.ind ballroom, etc, ready this season. Island
Villa opens Ju'.y 1.
Full Informatlon.rates and illustrated pamphlets
Wilmington Transportation Co.,
222 S. SPRING ST.. LOS ANOELES CAL.
>ETNA SPRINGS.
j riIHERE IS HEALING IN THE WATERS
! X (for Rheumatism. Malaria, Nervousness, Dys-
I pep- ia. Diabetes, etc.); there is life in the air;
swimminK tank, tub and steam baths; fine hotel;
■ amusements. Rates, $10 to $14. Take a. m.
Southern Pacific train :or st. Helena; stage con-
nects at 10. a. m. Unlimited round- trip tickets
■ $7. Particulars at 318 Battery St., or of \V\ L.
MITCHELL, Lldell PostofflCß, Napa County, Cal.
WILSON'S INN.
A TTRACTIVE MOUNTAIN SCKNERY: ELB-
A vation 1900 feet; exhilarating air: unsurpassed
home tub exceptionally good locality for asi hma
and nervous debility. Address AKSO 11. WIL-
SON, Atlas, Napa County.
AGUA CALIENTR SPRINGS HOTEL. BO-
noma Valley; 2 hours from San Francisco via
Tlburoo ferry. H. F. <fe N. P. K. R. ; warm mineral
swirouiin™ and tub baths; hotel completely remod-
eled, enlarged and hitndjomelrreiurnlthed: water,
gas, electric bells in all rooms; 810 to Sl-J per
week, $2 perday. Address A^ua Callente springs,
Aqua Callente, Sonoma County, vaL
GOOD BOA ON RANCH, SUBURB* OF
• istOKa: plenty fresh eges, bntter chickens
and milk; $6 and $7 week; hot m.uera baths free.
MRS. J. MONTGOMEr.Y. Callstoga. Napa Co., Cal.
p ENTLEMAN AND WIFE CAN BE ACCOM*
' " ' niodiitea with summer board, with all the
: comforts of a home; luige grouuds and garden.
I Address box 19, Menlo Park.
* NDERSON SPRINGS, LAKE COUNTY,
A open May 10: telephone connections; write
for circular. Address J. AN . Middletown.
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
o( It Publishes t\/e Cream of th«
c< News of the Week and
;°S MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
P\ . ORIGINAL FEATURES.
| °% IT IS THE BBST WEEKLY
=•< PAPER ON TUB
ol PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Alwtyi
J Fair and Impartial in Its
o) Rendering of the Po-
D litical News.
o
! <J It's the Paper to S^nd East If
o You Want to Advertise
o California.
oj \ ~ •—
°\ The Best \ /Mining
|O\ Telegraphic \/ News That
'o< Service on /N. Is Accurate
cJ The Coast / \& up to dat*
°\ Not a Line of it Sensational
°N or Faky, and Not a Line of
°\ it Dry or Uninteresting.
k PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
) Bright, Clean, j { A Champion ot
O( Thuu^liifui. Truth.
j of A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
cJ ALL THE lI.ML
lIT ADVOCATES ! SENT BY
°< HOME .-» MAIL, $1.50
| cJ INDUSTRIES I A YEAR.
3 THE CAU SPEAKS FOR ALLWITHNESSES
WITH ODD
MEMORIES
Attorney Dalmas Toys With
Them in the Fair
Trial.
THE SAN RAFAEL STORY
UNCORKED.
Efforts to Prove That Mrs. Cra
ven Must Have Mixed
Her Dates.
DEFENSE'S OPENING ADDRESS
POSTPONED.
The Failure of Mr. Delmas to Speak
Proved Quite a Disappointment
to the Crowd.
The litigation over Mrs. Nettie Craven's
deeds to the valuable property claimed by
the estate of the Jate Senator Fair re
opened yesterday morning, but with a
sore disappointment for the public.
D. M. Delmas, leading counsel for the
defense, did not make the opening ad
dress, as had been promised. The well
earned reputation of this gentleman for
eloquence and lo?ic had the effect of at
tracting au immense crowd early to Judge
Slack's courtroom, all with the expecta
tion of enjoying a rare treat, and the un
welcome announcement that he was not
iroinji to speak caused many a long-faced
Jook aud sigh. Mr. Delmas made this an
nouncement himself, and further that
there would be no opening address for the
defense at al' at this particular time. His
side would wait until after the plain
tiffs had put in all of their direct testi
mony.
Mr. Delmas went on to explain that his
reason for not making an opening address
at this time was that he and his associ-
ates did not wish to jeopardize their right I
to move for a nonsuit after the other side
had put in its evidence. He asked, how
ever, that the court instruct tne jury to
tne effect that Attorney Pierson's openinp
address for the plaintiffs, made last week,
should be in no way considered as evi
dence and that no opinions should be
formed until both sides had been heard.
Judge Slack said he had so frequently
.«pofcen totbe jury on this point that he
thought it was scarcely necessary to refer
to it again.
The ions: table at which sit the attor
neys for Mrs. Craven was craced by an ad
d.uonal legal champion yesterday in the
person of Judge Curtis of New York, the
celebrated "will smasher." The Judge's
participation in the proceedings of the
day consisted chiefly of taking a part i:i
t he conferences which took place now and
then among his associates. He did no
talking, but took copious notes, and will
doubtiess be heard from later in the ses
sion.
Mrs. Craven and her daughter Margaret
were in court ail day m company with
two lady lr.ends. Over in the opposite
side of tt|e room sat Mrs. John Martin of
wili-conteat fame. She; was brilliantly at
iire<l and plumed and proved a most
attentive listener.
The attorneys for the executors hnve
chosen as their opening attack an effort
to prove that (Senator I-'air spent the L'4th
of September, 1894, in San Rafael, and
therelore could not have written the pen
cil will at Mrs. Craven's house in this
City end given her the disputed deed 3 on
that day. They produced three witnesses
wuo swore they saw tae deceased mil
lionaire in San Rafael. Their memories
were very fertile as regards that particular
date, but they cut rasher an unenviable
spectacle when Mr. Delnuas got at them
unJer crosfc-exaniination, and demon
strated that ihey couid remember little or
nothing else except that one date.
Mr. Delmas al?o iound considerable
Fan-faction in bringing out the fact,
through these witnesses, that *.he Sat!
Francisco Police Department, instead of
devoting its energies to the taxpayers,
who are assessed for the support of the
department, has been doing nearly all of
the evidence-hunting and witness- buzzing
for the plaintiffs in this case; that it has
been strangely active in assisting one side
in a purely civil case. He found out that
it was generally Detective Seymour, who
brushed up the memories of tnese wi;
nesses and caused them to remember so
accurately the commonclace eventsof one
quiet day nearly tbree years ago.
mour also served the subenas lor the j
p aintiffa and paid the witnesses their fees j
and mileage*
At t lie opening of the morning session j
Mr. rierson offered to place in evidence
«n age-stained deed showing that on
March 10 1877, James C. Flood conveyed
the property on Sansome and Fine streets
to Jatuef G. Fair.
Mr. Dilmas promptly objected to this
on the ground that the document had
nothing to do with the real issue of the
case.
The court thought the paper was admis
sible, aud upon this Mr. D-liaas declared
! thul the only i*sue in the case wa-< whether
i or not the deeds held by Mrs. Craven was
1 genii. ne. Ha thought that this was a
i matter that should be settled at once |
I and not be allowed to hang lire and de
velop into a matter of serious annoyance
, later on.
Judge Slack acknowledged that the is- j
I sues to be presented to the jury should be
I agreed upon as soon as possible, and he
' instructed the attorneys on both sides to
; be prepared to elucidate on this point im-
I mediately after recess.
Mr. Delmas tden objected again to the '
! deed. 'I his time he argued that tue '
j plaintiffs really had no ri<;ht to introduce j
any evidence at all, because the averments
In the answer to the cross-complaint did :
not constituto an equitable defense. This J
' was a technical point, he said, and he of- j
f-fred it for the purpose of getting a ruling !
I on the recorJ.
The court formally overruled the objec- |
j tion and an exception was noted. Tnen 1
! the deed was admitted, as were several |
others, all of which went to make up the j
; valuable parcel o; land at Pine and San- j
some streets claimed now by the execu- ;
: tors of the Fair estate. Then the disputed j
, Craven deeds were introduced and went j
; into evidence without eoecitic objection. ;
I These deeds were handed to the jury and ;
; the inspection of them consumed consid- ;
: erable time.
This done the iirst witness was called to ;
; the stand. He was Attorney Eugene W. j
j Levy, before whom Mrs. Craven made a ;
I deposition on August 28, 1896. Mr. Levy j
j simply identitied the deposition and the |
• lady's signature. Mrs. Craven, he said, j
I was ill and in bed when he administered j
! the oath to her and was similarly situated j
! when she signed the document.
Mr. Pierson then announced that it was S
! the intention ot the plaintiffs to call at- ,
; tention to some of the admissions made I
; by Mrs. Crave" in giving that opposition, j
. and he called upon his associate, Charles j
8. Wheeler, to read excerpts from the dep- [
, osiiion.
Mr. Wheeler began by reading that part !
; oi the htatements that referred to the con- i
■ versation between Senator Fair and Mrs. I
- Craven on the day when he handed her I
j tfce now disputed deeds. In this state
j meat she that the Senator bad just
j finished writing the pencil will and. its ink
, copy, when Mrs. Haskell called his atten
tion to the fact thai he had not proviied
i for Mrs. Craven. The Senator said he had
I taken care of her in another manner, and
with that lie produced the two deeds from
his pocket and handed them to her. These j
I were relumed to him that day, with there
j quest that he have them properly acknowl
! edged. He did this and returned them to
I her later on.
At the afternoon session Mr. "Wheeler
: resumed his reading of Mrs. Craven's de
! position. He was particular to irive such
j emphasis as mi.rht possibly have a ten
'' dency to discredit the ssaiement, and read
j in detail everything the ir.dy had said re
' garding the events surrounding and con
nected with the writing of the pencil and
ink wilis and the delivery by Senator Fair
to Mr . Craven of the deeas.
Mr. Wheeler finally finished, and then
1 turning to tha attorneys for the defense
I said: ''Gentlemen, are you ready now to
. WITNESSES J*W£lL St SCHN£IDE.«.
THE ACTORS OF A DAY IN .THE CELEBRATED FAIR LITIGATION.
! produce the letter of Decembsr lfi, 1801,
■ purporting to have been written by Sen
; aior Fail to Mrs. Craven?'
"Certainly, sir," replied Mr. Delma«.
Mrs. Craven had the let;er, and handed
it over to Judge Den?on, the latter in turn ■
i giving it to Mr. Delmas. It was carefully j
! wrapped in tissue paper, so as to protecc j
; tho writing from being obliterated.
This is the letter which Senator Fair
j sent to Mrs. Craven, and in which he said
I he was a very sick, old man, a?ked Mrs. '
Craven to "take good care of the will I !
gave you," and said, in conclusion, '"I I
want to knock out all the papers those !
j fellows doeged me into signing."
The letter was precious to the defense, ;
; and when admitted into evidence a spe- '
j cial r* quest wi.s made that unusual care i
Ibe taken to see that nothing should '
I befall it.
Mr. Wheeler next announce*! that lie j
I wished to offer the "pencil will" in cvi- j
clence. He expect d to be immediately
stopped by the defense, but none of the
attorneys interrupted and he read the j
document to the jury.
Then, after the jurors had had an op
portunity to look at the document lor
themselves, George D. Shearer, a real es- •
tate agent o: fian Rafael, was called to the
witness stand. He said hewas an airent
during September. 18f»4, and had an ofiice I
in the Parisian Hot<l building.
"Did you know James G. Fair in his i
lifetime?" asked Garret McEnerney, who i
was now conducting the examination for
the plaintiffs.
"I did." replied the witness.
"Did you see him in San Rafael during
the month of Sep.emOer, loUi?
"I did," was tha answer.
••When?"
'On Hie 24th, and again on the morning
Of tne 25th."
The witness then went on to relate that
on the 24 h of September, Fair passed his
! ofiice and went ut> the street with his i
| valet, a Mr. Clark. "The witness did not
| -ice him again on that day, but he did *cc j
j him the following morning, when Fair |
and his valet took the broadgau^e train ]
to San Francisco. The witness saw iiiem i
corns out of the Parisian Hotel and get i
into the hotel bus. Shearer said l:e al-o !
took that train ajid rode across the bay ■
with them.
"That is all," said Mr. McEnerney.
The attorneys for thi« deense held a i
conference, and then Mr. Delmas said they I
would postpone the cross-examination,
and would ask that the witness be in
structed to remain in court.
The other side objected to this method j
of procedure, but the courtdecided in favor ■
| of the defense.
W. H. Jeweij, a livery man, also of San j
• Rp.fael, succeeded Shearer in the witness j
j rhair, and said he too had seen Beaator I
Fair in that city during September, 1894. j
He was quite sure that the millionaire j
spent about a week over there with his I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1897.
valet, leaving for San Francisco on the
25tb. On the latter day the witness sad
he received a message to call for the Sena
tor and take him to the depot.
Jewell said he remembered seeing Sena
tor air in the convent grounds on Mon
day, the24tb of September.
"•What impresses it on your nr'nd that
that day was Monday asked Mr. Mc-
Enerney.
. "Only my memory," replied the wit
ness.
But this was not exactly what Mr. Mc-
Enerney wanted. He desired Jewell to say
more, and essayed 10 cross-examine him.
This, of course, elicited an objection from
the defense and resulted in the striking
out of considerable of Jewell's evidence.
There was some clever fencing between the
attorneys before McEnorney succeeded in
givinsi his witness tbe cue under the pre
text of enlightening tbe court as to what
he intended to prove by the witness.
Jewell now proceeded to remember. • He
had received an order on the previous
day, he said, to have the bin call for Sen
ator Fair on Monday in time to catch the
l"2:4-5 train. The boy who drove the bus
reported to the witness that when he called
for him the Senator could not go, as he
was not well. Jewell said that later in
the Uav he saw the Senator in the con
vent ground*, and was surprised to see
him out, in view of the boy's report.
"Who was that boy?" asked. Mr. Mc-
Enerney.
"Connolly — Tim Connolly," replied
Jewell.
That finished the direct examination,
and Mr. Delmas took i lie witness in hand.
The attorney's first "inauiry was regard
iug a conversation Jewell had had with
Attorney McEnerney during recess, and in
rep y tlie witness said he had been asked
a. number of questions by that gentleman
regarding the Connolly boy.
Further questioning brought out the
fact that Detective John Seymour of the
regular San Francisco Police Department,
and who is supposed to be giving his serv
ices to the City rather than to private liti
gation, ha i subpenaed the witness and
had paid him his fee. More than this,
Seymour had been spending a great deal
of time in San Rafael, hunting up evidence
for the plaintiff's sido of this case. Sey
mour also subpenaed the witness to attend
the probate proceedings conducted several
months &20 in connection wifih Senator
Fair's estate.
"Did you have any particular conversa
tion with Mr. Seymour?" asked Mr. Dol
man.
"Yes, he paid me %b," was the response.
"Well, that was more eloquent than
words, but what I want to know is what
conversation you had with him," said the
counsel, and the sally caused quite a little
laugh.
'1 he only particular conversation Jewell
couid remember having had with Sey
mour was when the latter told him last
winter tuat there would be no more liti
gation in the Fair case for several months
after the probate proceedings.
Jewell was very hazy in his recollection
o! dateg and events during Fair's stay in
San Rafael with the exception of tnat 24th !
of September. He gave his questioner to
understand that he was very positive
about that day, but, of couse, not because
that was the day the Senator if >-aid to
have written the pencil will and delivered
the d eds to Mrs. Craven over on this side
of the bay.
•'What day did the 19ih of September,
1894, fall on?" asked Mr. Del ma?.
Jewell started in to figure it up and was
so long about it that everybody in the
courtroom began to snicker. When he
d:d finally hit :t Mr. Delmas wanted to
know how it was that the witness could
remember that the 24th fell on Monday
and had to do so roue i thinking and
head-scratchinir to get the day of the 19th
straightened out in his mind.
"Oh, 1 looked it up on the calendar,"
said Jewell. From this on Jewell found
himself in deep water and floundered
about considerably. He confessed that
Seymour probably reminded him of ihe
date; tnat Bhearer ha.; also impressed it
upon bin that the 24th of September fell
on Monday and the 25th on Tuesday, nnd
further, that in order to help along his
memory he had hunted un the San Rafael
newspaper files. He admitted that if he
had not gone through this process he
would not have remembered much about
the affair at all.
D. N. Schneider, a lad who had just
reached his majority and who acts as a
clerk in his father's cigar-store in San
Rafael, was the next witness. He testi
lird that he saw Senator Fair in San Ra
fael on the 24th of 8 ptember. He re
membered distinctly and could not be
mistaken as long as Mr. McEnerney asked
the questions, but when cross-examined
by Mr. Delmas he showed that his mind
was a counterpart of Jewell's.
He could not remember within three
months the date of any other event in
wtiich he and the Fair case were identi
fied. His mind was almost a b:ank as to
the ilntes on which he received his sub
penas and, in fact as regarded anything
else except t!ie clay he said he saw Senator
F:;ir. He. too, had seen a good deal of
Detective Seymour and had visited Cap
tain L?es' office to receive aia fees and
mileage.
RELIGION THOUGH
MODERN EYES
Eminent Men Speak at
the Unitarian Club's
Banquet
President Jordan, Professor Le
Conte and Other Educators
Present.
A General Denial That There Is a
Cmfl ct Between Science
and Religion
The thirtieth meeting of the Unitarian
Club of California took place at the Uali
iornia Hotel iast night.
Many distinguished guests and mem
bers were present, and the event was
celebiated by a banquet and programme of
literary exercises that occupied the time
from 6 p. m. until midnight.
There were many speeches on the gen
eral topic, "Religion," but all treated of
the subject in some of its specific aspects.
The following was the programme iv
detail under the general charge of Presi
dent Warren Olney:
TOPIC, ".RELIGION."
"Culture and the Religious Sentiment,"
' Martin Kellogg, LL.D., president University of
> California.
•'The Cn-thoic-mlndedness in Religion,"
Wikiam Ford Nichols, D.D., Bishop oi Caii
' fornia.
•'The Conflict of Science." David Starr Jor
dan. 1.L.D., president L?l&nd Stanford Jr. Uni
versity.
"J'he Function of Universities in Religion, "
Professor George Holmes Howison, I.L.D.
"Co-uperation of Religion and Science in Up
lifting Humanity,' 1 Protestor Joseph I.iConte,
"Woman and Religion," Rev. William
Rounsville Al^er.
The following is the latest official list of
member?, most of whom were present:
J. A. Albertson. Milton Andros James D
Bailey, O. D. Baldwin, George W. Beaver S V.
Bieelow, L. H. Bonestcll, E. Boisnell, A E
Buckingham, <;. li. Bucki:ig.iHm. X 8 Gray!
R. P. Oiltason, W. G. Hall, A. S. Halliuie, X V
Hathaway, William Hood. C. G. Hooker. K. K.
Houghton. c. W. Howard, D. n Harris. Charles
E. Naylor, Warren O-ney,) Warren Oluey Jr.,
W. S. Orvis, Cyrus F. O'Niil, John
Perry Jr., George C. Perkins, r 8
Peck. V. H. Payson, Rev. B. p Payne
W. M. Bunker. J. £. Bunneil, Walter N hush'
Ddvid Bu.->h, Arthur Brown, A. W. Hurrell W*
Baurhyte. Jai'ob Brownuig, Rev. N. E Bovd'
E. J. Boweti, Hugn Hamilton, D. E. Have* S
Holland, Professur M. W. Haskeli, W. B Har
rington. A. K. P. Harmon Jr , Thomas L Hill
M.D.; Charles B. Hill, Jo^ej.h Hutehlnson c'
<'. Hutehinson, Ira Pierce, J. O. Pomi-tr Jonn
N. Pomeroy, Charles B. Porter, W. H. Qu'ltzow
John Russ, James S. Severance, Mark
She. don, F. G. Sanborn, li. T. ShCDiard
C. R Bishop. J. A. BHsv E. ft Burr, Columbus
Bartlett, Tnomas R. Church, P. B. Cornwall
V. H. Crowell. E. 1^ Cutien, Frauds Cuttinjr'
V>. E. Crossman, George T. Clark. David Heii'
•lerson, Professor Louis T. Henirstler J ,ser>h
Hasßrouck, Rev. X. A. HaskeU, HighHuddie
soii, Stetson G. Hmdes, John p. Jrish a
Jacobs, J. E. Johnston, Lewis M. Johnson s
G. Keiiogg, Arthur A. Smith, Georie R Knin
ney. Rev. H. Stebbins, F. W. Sumrarr F
J. Hymmes, Prceasor J. H. Seujser, Beujainin
J. Smith, X. W. Spaulding. Daniel swett
Robert H. Swaae. R. <;. Sneath
W. B. Clark, Horece Davis, B. F. Dunham'
Rev. Ueorue R. l)od<<oo, J. E. Iwbr Frank P
Deering. Wendell Etuton, A. G. Eell« Scott
Elder, C. A. Fisher, EJwin Fretwell Charles
H. Fox, Thomas N. Kn<>x,-C. A. Kluegol P N
Kuss, D. Libby, Louis Lisser, J. A. Ling'-TotV
Wfilter Leland, S. F. Lieb, John McMullen'
William H. Mills, W, \V. Montague, C. A Mur
dock, James Spiers, F. P. fiione, Frank P
bmedloy, W. J. Trott, v. Van Orden F \V Van
Hicklen; E. yon Adelung, M. D. : Julius Weber
L. Whiie.A- Willis. H. Wood.s,R ev <;. w. Wendte
A. <i. Freeman, J. J. b'agan, J. W. Farrinston'
Benjamin G. Franklin. A. C. Freeman >red
N. Fietcher; Henry Gibbons Jr., M.D • C M
dorham, MUton F. Gaubs, Warren (irWorY
Georue S. Meredith, E. H. McLean A E
Moody, F. P. McLsnnau, Qeorge a Merrill'
Henry B. Montaeue. Judt-e M. H Mvii.w'
W. G. Moebus, Volney I). Moody, E R Xovos
Joseph Nash, J. O. Wimnet, E. c WHmhi i a
Wright, & H. Wycuotf. Rev. A. J. Well., F H
wheeJau, Charles S. Wheeler, Thomu" t> Will'
innig Jr., Dr. James M. Ward, John Yule.'
President Kellogg of the University of
California read an elaborate address, which
treated of the Oroad question of culture
and religious sentiment. He held tint
no tribe yet fouud had been who ly desti
The fac-simile ST? y/fV. "on ever wrapper
•ignature of &ui//ffizZz4#ti of CASTOitIA.
tute of the sentiment of religion. He
concluded with the sentiment that the
greatness of religion is its recognition of
the preatness of life and the splendid pos
sibilities of a future.
Bi-hop William Ford Nichols dealt cau
tiously with the theme assigned him,
statin? that he couid readily raie a dis
pute should he venture to state some
things te believed which others would
bitterly deny. "But good fences m:ike
good neighbors," he said, "but there is a
handgrasp and a lieartgrasp which we
can indulge in without talking bosh and
without pretending that we all believe in
the same tilings."
Bishop Nichols told many eood stories
and kept his auditors in a nlea-ant mood.
President David Starr Jordan's paper
was heard with marked attention. He
said: "Every tie on the Panama Railroad
is said 10 have cost a human lite, and
every step in the progress of science has
cost a human life, ami the lives thus lost
have been of the wisest and best that
mankind has produced. It takes a life
time in the battle of science to discover a
fact, and when discovered it has always
been found that society i 3 conservative,
its natural inertia repelling new notiona.
"But it ib true that thera is a religious
sentiment in man, and if every fragment
of the church and creed were destroyed
to-morrow a new church would spring
out of the conditions of life. Thus it is
seen that much of the struggle of science
with error has wrongly been called its
right with religion. It has been said that
theologians lie strangled about the giant
Science as strangled snakes were found
about Hercules, but it should be said
rather that science has thus strangled
error and made advances. Much of the
reiigion of to-day is only the debris of our
grandfathers' science. A study of the
growth of knowledge is the besi antidote
10 bigotri". To come in when it rains is
the basis of meteorology, and to separate
the sheep from the goats is the basis of
zooiogy."
Professor Howison did not agree with the
views of President Jordan. He believed
that it ought to be the function of uni
versities to teach true theology and that
the churches ought to take their theology
from the universities, the use ot the
cuurches being for edification.
"Ii 3'ou judge religion wholly by its
historic r>hasei, ?I he said, "it has been a
failure, for it has not unified the race, but
has, rather, led to war and bitterness, as
Christ promised when he said he had
come to bring, not peace, but a sword.
Tuere is more dissension and there
are more schisms in the churches to-day
than at any time in their history. The
whole question of belief is approached in
the wrong way. It is wrong to believe in
one unchanging interpretation, but inde
nendent research ought to reach one con
clusion in religion, as it dews in science."
Professor Josepn Le Conte drew a
graphic picture of what the world would
oe if the moral side oi man were up to his
intellectual ieve! — a kingdom of peace,
truth, justice, lova and freedom.
"The mission of science is in a great
measure the discovery of truth," he said,
'and science shows the gradual growth oi
the universe .o higher conditions. It has
come from death to life, then to reason,
then to freedom. Science has solved the
great problems one after another, and will
yet solve tne problems of sociology and
uood povernm nt — highest of all prob
lems. Some day when coal gives out and
threatens to overthrow our industrial sys
tem science will use the tides and winds
and rivers to do iifiy times the work of
the world.
"If the preachers would only keep up
with ;ha scientists ail would be well.
Tney must pull together in lifting the
platform that holds humanity and the
rtp.v of good things will be at hand."
Rev. Dr. William Alger spoke chiv
alrously of women as "ihe ideal eiement
in life." He said the preponderance in
women is of the affection*, self-sacrifice,
conscience and esthetics, while men excel
In will, intellect and physical power. He
classed them as potent factors in uplifting
the race.
HOWARD CHURCH AGAIN.
Ihe Shadow of a Rot* Falls Athwart
the Presbytery.
The presbytery of San Francisco was in
•ession at the Mis ion Home on Sacra
mento street yesterday afternoon. The
proceedings were almost entirely of a
routine character, though one or two
portant matters came to lipht.
Thero was considerable discussion r
'.he report of a committee charged u h
investigating certain matters chart by
Elder J. B. Roberts of the Howard . e-.
--byterian Church against the pasto lev.
F. R. Farrand, and others, concerning
what he called the illegal use of $50C0
ci'-urch funds.
The committee reported that the alle
gations contained in Elder Roberts' letter
were not in proper form to De legally be
fore the body, and it recommended that
the letter be not read in the y.re3bytery.
Roy. J. Woodworth and others at once
argued that nothing ought to b 1 done in
s.'crecy and that the letter ought to be
read, particularly because of the writer's
long service in the church ; but the com
mittee's report was finailv adopted, much
to the regret of Elder Rober.s, who at
once arose and «a?d :
"Several members have suggested that
Ibe invited to speak. May I now be ac
corded that privilege ?"
"Not without the consent o! the presby
tery," said the moderator.
Then several members objected to open
! inp the question again, and Elder Roberts
j -inkr up sLarply, saying: "Then give
I me my letter and I'll trouble you no
further. I should also like a copy of the
committee's report."
He then put on his hat and left the
room with some feeling.
There was an important report by the
committee on narration, the theme being,
in a general way, the status of religion.
From the report it appeared that there
have been regular meeting* of all the
church societies, Sunday-schools and
churches during the year, but tne report
deprecates the tallinz off of interest in re
i lipion ar.d concludes in this way:
Some encouraging indications arc manifest
in a lev. of ihe churches, but oil the whole
■.here does not tetm to be any real advance.
Some of the churches report no new members.
One rcporis a single new member and another
two. The number Riven by two of the Urgest
and strongest churches is elevon and twelve.
■while the Japanese church reports twenty and
the Chinese seventeen.
The ihi tips reported as militating Against
the growth of religion are, "the float. ng popu
lation, lack of employment, and a prevniung
apatny concerning religion, with a growing
love of worldiy pleasure."
Rev. Mr. Mathena reported on Sunday
schools, recommending (hat the shorter
catechi&m be used in Sunday-schools and
that the Presbyterian Union be indorsed.
After this the presbytery adjourned sine
die.
FOR THE UNEMPLOYED.
Proceed* of the Oolden O.ite Park
Driving Association Knees to
Go to tlie Fond,
The Golden Gate Park Dr.vitjjr Associa
tion met lust night in the City Hall, there
being a iargo attendance of owners of
horses. < J v-:'"£'- saufA
The object of the meeting was to re
ceive entries for the races which will take
place-under the auspices of the associa
tion at the Inglesid c Raceirtck on Deco
ration day,. the proceeds to be donated to
the unemploy ed fund to farther tJie com
pletion of . tha . Bu. boa boulevard, now
under construction. .
A large number of entries were received,
including some of the best horses in the
City, many of which have world-wide
refutations. Entries will close on May C.
The firs' prize in each race will be a
trophy with a zuaket value of not less ilian
$50 and each secor.U horse vnll receive one
valued at not loss than $25
VERY LOW RATE
TO CALIFORNIA
The Southern Pacific Agrees
to the $25 Single
Fare.
This Will Insure a Large At
tendance at the Endeavor
ers' Convention.
It Is Expected That the Adoption oi
This P.an Will Effectual. y Pre
vent Scalping.
By the action taken by the Southern Pa
cific Company yesterday it is as good as
settled that a $25 rate from Chicago to San
Francisco mil be fixed for the Endeavor
ers 1 convention.
Ever since it had been announced that a
$50 round-trip rate had been agreed upon
there had been more or less apprebension
that it would be rescinded, owing to the
danger of wholesale scalping that such a
rate would probabiy engender. And when
the Supreme Court decided against rail
road combinations and pools it was
thought that this combination rate would
come under the ban of illegality. Such^
however, was not the case.
But the scalping danger continued
prominent in the minds of some of the
roads, and quiet efforts were made by
some of them to have the $50 rate re
scinded. One of the strongest opponents
to such action was the Southern Pacific.
Its representative declared that this rate
bad been promised; that the Jocal people
interested had made all t:.eir preparations
in anticipation of the low rate bringing
large numbers to San Francisco, and that
hundreds of intending excursionists all
over the United States based their coming
on the same proposition.
The Southern Pacific even went so far
as to threaten to cut loose from all the
Eastern roads on this particular matter,
and to carry intending visitors to this City
for $50 for the round trip over its Sunset
route, via New Orleans.
Several days ago the suggestion was
made by some of the Western roads to sel;
tickets from Chicago to San Francisco for
i-->. and to also charge the same figure for
the return passage. At lirst. the Southern
Pacific felt disposed to oppose this ar
rangement, but was finally induced to
consent. The rate already has the approval
of most of the interested road*.
It is expected that this plan of selling
tickets separately each way will effectually
suppress all scalping in connection witn
the Endeavorers' convention.
It is also likely to bring many to this
coast who would not otherwise come. As
ibis low rate will be obtainable at a date
more than two months from the present
time, it will give time for many horne
beekers to take advantage of it, so that
with the influx of Endeavorer delegates
there may also come an army of immi
grants.
Returning visitors will be granted stop
over privileges in California, so thai they
will have nniple time to learn by personal
experience the advantages and beauties
of life in the Goloeu State.
To the Yoaeinite Via Merced.
As the roads to the Yosemiie Valley via
Merced are now in tirst-class condition,
the Valley road will begin taking Yosem
ite tourUis to Merced on Wednesday even
ing. There close connection will be made
with stages lot the valley.
SHE IS AFfiAID Of HIM.
Mra. William Craddock Believes Her
Husband Wants to Kill Her.
Judge Low has issued a warrant for the
arrest of William Craddock, who is
charged by nis wife with threats against
her life. Bonds in the sura of $1000 have
been set for him to compel him to keep
the peace.
The couple have been living separately
lor some «eek» and the wife claims that
on Saturday last her husband dropped in
upon her at 1H27 -McAllister street and
made threats to X 11 her.
NEW TO-DAT.
A Wonderful Medicine
For Bilious and Nervous dlsorders.sucb as Wind
and Pain In the Stomach. Sick Headache, Giddi-
ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of
Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos-
tlvonesß, Blotches on the Skin. Disturbed Sleep,
Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb- !
ling Sensations, &c, when these symptoms aro
caused by constipation, as most of them are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This Is no fiction. Every sufferer Is
earnestly incited to try one Box of these Pills
and they -will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAWS PILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or irregu-
larities of the system. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic — a few doses will work woo.
ders upon the Tltal Organs; strengthening tba
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of appe-
tlte, and arousing with the Rosebud of
Health the whole physical energy of
tho humsn frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, in all classes of society, and one of
tho beat guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated Is that Bcocham's Pills hare the
Largest Sale ot any Patent Medicine
in the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL.
Annual Sales more thar^ 6,000,000 Boxes
25c. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U.S.
Agents. J3. F.ALLEN CO., 365 Can a". St., New
Xork, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book
free upon application.
ll^^R liß?PpPil.tSiliiii?
VC r V Constication. It stops all losses by ciav or night.^ pVpvp^ onfrlt
\^/ Bess of discharge .whjchif notchecl-ed leads toSpermSnls\ard
BEFORC *nd AFTER Sld^aK^^o^.^K^^^
1 CUPIQXM! strengthens and restores small weak organs. v
The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Uoctors is because ninety per c«»nt «re tmnhtwi «o«tfc
Pro«t»(ltl . CDPIDEXE is the only kno-rn remody to cure without *rro£ratlon SOW te^ln^nC
■Is. A writteQ gnarantpe given ana money returned if six boxes does not Sa^rMflenS
box, six for $5.00, by mail. Send for jtr-s* circular and testimonial. w^ k a permaatuieura
AUdtw* iiAVU- AIJiOACIA'JIi CO.. 1170 ilarket street, San Francisco, CaL- Forsa'eby
i»ilooK4i' JfiiAJKVACY. XIV 1-oweU sueM.
APPALLING FIGURES.
Which Prove the Oreat Caro That
*"- Should Bo Exnrcisert by Those
Who Lore rife.
Thevnverase number oi deaths in New
York City for five years has been G9O eacli
week. Of this number 2SS, or neariy one
half, have been from pneumonia, consump
tion or sor^e pulmonary trouble. This is
not theory, but actual figure 3 made by the
Board of Health. Nearly eight;/ thousand
people in live years in New Yorlc City
alone have ' died from throat and lung
troubles! When we think of the thou
sands who had throat and lung diseases
and who have recovered how terrible an
array of facts does this present.
Doctors have said in the past that most
of these troubles were incurable; they aro
now finding that such is not the case." The
best physicians deciare that a man or
woman, even in an advanced stage of con
sumption, can livo for years and even to old
a c by a careful and constant use of pure
whisky, but it should be remembered that
■the word pure is always used by physicians.
There is but one absolutely pure whisky,
and that is Duffy's malt. In its purity
resls its great power, although it has other
qualities possessed Dy no other whisky.
A child can take it witi ont any evil effects,
and for restoring partially consumed
lungs, building waste tissue and giving
health and strength in the place of disease
and weakness, it stands absolutely without
a rival. Care should be taken to secure
only tue genuine. Do not trust any dealer
who tries to substitute something in the
liace of Duffy's, but insist on having what
you call for.
<vX eftSF/wj. Oo
DOCTOR SWEANY,
Wluxe reputation is eHtablixhed by t»»n
years of sncce<iBful practice at 7.'57
arket street, Sau Francisco, Cal.
LOST AncTall the attend-
MAUUnrtn in £ ailments ot
mHNnUUU NERVOUS DEBI-
LITY of Young, Middle-aged
and Old Men, indiscretions of
youth, excesses of mature years,
drains which sap the vitality,
failing strength, aching back,
diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, ' hydrocele,
dizziness of the head, gloom
and despondency, poor memory
and a wandering mind.
BLOOD AND A! 1 blood
SKIN DISEASES. t a n 1 y nt9 HZ
whatsoever, eczema, etc.
BLADDER, Irritability, cystitis,
stricture, etc.
FUPTURE. New method, sure
cure, painless treatment, no de-
tention from work, no experi-
ment, no knife, no truss. A
positive, certain and permanent
cure.
LADIES Will receive special
and careful treatment for all
their many ailments.
WRITE if away from the city.
Book, "Guide to Health," a trea-
tise on all organs and their dis-
eases, free on application.
Absolute secrecy ih all pro-
fessional dealings.
Call or address
IP. Zj. S"X7«7"3E:-A.4Xr-Sr, 3VC.X3.
737 Slarket St., San IfrancUco. Cal.
1 Coughs and Colds I
© « >
I CAN BE CURED. j|
< ► <£
<k If neglected they cause that dread dia- (|
J ease, Consumption. «>
S,_ I I
i>' * >
I Dr. Martin's Pain Curer j;
< » * ►
9 la a remedy that is unequaled. 9
j \ Price, 25c, 50c, $1 Per Bottle \ \
j j 1 1
\ : L. CALLISCH, f
• Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, J
♦ . • • San Jose, Cal. x
♦ For sale by all druggists. The trade ¥
• supplied by Kedington & Co.. Mack & ©
♦ Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Fran- ♦
© ci<co. •
000<KK>0<H>0<KK>
AN EXCELLENT
•li TfTT A T Properly prepared and
IVI l"^ r\ I promptly served, can
*»*•*— *■*■ *.JL^ always bi obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the ip> AT A <t T'
Most Popular PA I AC H
Dining Apart- * AbAV-IJU
ment in town. ranmnmTTßiiwiiiHH mill
OOO<KK><KK><KKK>
1* nrtffirtrrlii>>' T *-i M Bi 5 (Bis a liou-poiMunou*
{■f^SKdP^^^W^Am remedy for Gonor.'hoea,
TKKI^^M Gleet, Spormatorrhoea,
fSgEf in itosJ»T3.^3 Whites, nnatural dis-
MgtW Gairiuuel w <*hargoe, or aay inflainma*
Htf oet u> stricture. tion, irritation or ulccra«
SP] ■■Prtveata coutaglon. tion of mucous niein-
KSITHEEvANsCHEMiCiICo. br »nes. Non-astringeD .
'IggHkCSINCINNATI.O.iHffII S<old h - T Itrufsgiaic,
«n> USA 3Sar ov eeiit ' n Pa in wr^ppfl'.
.^OTP^. ' ' '"JAyFte -'> express, prepaid, £oc
*SBSmßmm&f§>isi ii.oo, ur .; buttle "i.7 .
"•^■ffStP^V" SS CiionUr sent or *■ iwjuf.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTKKS.THB
O great Mexican lltmedy: gives Health and
BcreugUi to ii>* Sexual Organa.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MAUKKfj.
The changed weather quiets the market*,
Wheat Futures lowtr.
Bar.ey weaker.
Oi:s, Cora and Rre duIL
Hay easier.
Flour auJ Fesdstuffs unchanged.
Beans and SeeJs dull.
Potatoes and Onions lower.
Asparacus lower Khubarb higher.
Butter firm. Ch -»se unchanged.
Eggs going into cod storuge.
A car of Eastern I'ouitrf sold.
Strawberries lower Oranges Brm.
Kair demand for Prunes.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs very weak.
THE ITEATIIER AM) THE MARKETS.
Cooler weather, with couds and fog anj a lower
barometer, altered the aipect of the markets con
siderably yesterday. Everything in the grain
line was weaker and quieter, an 1 wheat and bar
ley were both lower. For most grams the demand
ceased entirely. A cood urn would probably
cause a decline all alo-i^ the line.
Explanation.
The arrow Hies with the wind. The top ogui«ei
at station indicate maximum temperatur* for the
days- those underneath it. If any. Hie amount of
rainfall, ot melted snow In Inches and hundredth*.
during th» pust twelve hours. Isobars, or soliol
lines, conned po!n of equal air preanure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal tempereture. 1 lie
word "hiich" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually acoomDan'.ed by fair weather: "low
refers to" low pr-ssur?. and Is u.«ually preceded
and accompanied by c'.oudv weather and rains.
•'Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
roast. When vhe pressure is high In th« lDterior
and low alone the coast, aud the isobars extend
north and south alonjr the coast, rain Is probable:
bntwh^n the "low- Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a -high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
tbe preseure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse ot these conditions
will produce an opposite resnlt.
WEATHER BIBKAU REPORT.
I'XITED bTATKS PkpARTMENT OF Annicci>
irRE. Weather Buseac, SAN" FKANCIBCO,
April 26, 1897. 6 p. m.— The following are the rain
falls for the t>a« -1 boars and seasonal rainfalls
to dale, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
F.ureka, pasr 24 hours .00, this season 4810,
last season 44.69: Red Bluff, past '24 hours .00,
inls season -4.08. iiiat reason 2J.17; ban Fran
cisco, psst 21 hours .GO, this season 22.01, last
season 20.44; Fresno, past 24 hours. oo. this sea
•on 10.53. last season 8.16: Ran Luis Oblspo. past
24 hours .00. ttaia season "-0 71, last season 17.62;
Los Angeles post --1 hours .00, this Beaton 16.76,
last season 9.06: ban l>iepo, past 2-t hours. oo,
this season 11 63, last season 5.90: Vnina. pan
24 hours .0:\ this season J>.;-S5, last season .HH.
>an r-raiicnco aata: Maximum temperature
86. mluliuum 50, tnean 53.
\Ve»ther condition! an 1 general forec«st :
An area of unusually low pressure is central 'his
evening in Northeastern Montana. At Havre the
barometer reads -9 34 inches. Th» higheu
pre-Mirf Is reported from the Washington coas-
A trough-like depress. on extends from Montana
soathivfHtward iut ■ the interior of California.
Cloudy weather is reported on the Ca. ifcrnia
ccaii Kn l partly cloady weather along the Oregon
and Wastiliii: on coast, in all o. her sections tlie
weather is fair. Decidedly coo:er weather pre
vails throuxhout Oregon, Washington and Norih
wf-s'.ern Ca.ifurnia. Conditions are favorable for
still cooler weatber in California Tuesday.
Forecasts maße at San Francisco for' 80 hours
ending at midnight. April 27, 1897:
Northern Ca ifornia— Partly cloudy Tuesday,
probably with occasional showers ti-nirht and
early Tues lay morning =.lone the southern coast:
cooler in the Interior Tuesday; brisk westerly
winds hich northwest on the northern coast.
Koutht-rn i alifornia— Partly cloudy Tuesday, ex
cept probably Ilcht showers to-night or t-arly Tuts
<iay morninc alon^ the northern coast: brisk
westerly winds.
Nevada— Partly cloudy: cooler Tuesday.
Utah— lncrea Ing cloudiness Tuesday,' probably
with rain in northwest por ion Tuesday afternoon
and niubt: cooler m northwest portion.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— J'a'rtiy cloudy Tues
day: brisk westeiiy winds: higli northwest off
shore. W. 11. ll»ioio.v, 1 orecast OQicial.
NKW VOKK MAIiKKTS.
J>'EW YOKK, N. V., April 26.— The market
opened with running gales; SUOO bugar at llOi/a
to 111, against 1125 8 at Saturday's close. News
of the death of Theodore A. Havemeyer wag .he
occasion for the break. The price quickly recov
ered to 112.%. The res', of the market was s.rong
and higher 111 symprtby with London, Uaius lv
international stock* were not pronounced.
Gains In the gross earnings shown in numerous
transaction* for the third wrek of April, including
those of the principal Southwestern lines, ang
mented toward midday the cheeriul reeling that
pervaded, he slock speculation and assisted the
general hardening of values with the improve
ments, however, con tinea to fractions.
The market, cxc p. in; sugar, was strong
throughout to-day, bu. active trading was limited
to Chicago, Burlingion and Quincy, St. Paul,
Lotm vliU-Hud Nashville and Chicago Gas. which
closed over a point bi<b#r than Suturdav. The
extraordinary pauc tv of offsrinzs was the feature.
The clo*i:.c was strong at iDr best prices
Dealines in (iov«nu«"nt bouds were confined 10
fours of 19.: 5, nnich were fractionally lower. In
the railway and miicellaneoun bond market trad-
Ins was only moderate, wth prominent issues
showing advances of abjut Vi*l per cent.
STOCKS AN Ii BONOS.
Opening. Cloxina.
American Sugar f Ijl uu $112 25
American Sugar Pfd 102 50
American Tooacco 69 00 .0 75
American Spirit Mig Co 9 b7y a 10 50
Alchison 10 373^
t>ay btkte Gas 8 10
Canadian Paciric 49 7j
Central Pacilic.
Chicago <. as. 8125 8175
C. a. d. Q 7-'OO 73 121 A
Con. Gas 16160 160 5
t ordajje — — — _____
Cordage Pfd
I>enver& Hio Grande Pfa.
Delaware <fc Lack awana.... "
trie
General Klectric 3150
Hocking Va'ley ,
Jerse*- Central 81 871 A
Kansas <fc Texas, I'M 27 00 27 60
Laite siiore lb'3 00 IWIM4
Louisville <fc Nashville A\i 25 44 121/,
11 st ii har an o.i 84 50 YK 75 '
Missouri I'aciflc 14 50 15 50
National Lead 22 76 22 75
New Haven 170
New York <fc New Kugiand. -
New York Central 98 f 5 99 37V«
North Pacific 12 25
North Pacific, Pfd 84 25 35 12V.
Nonhwaswrn » 10.-i 50 104 25
North American. — — — —
Oregon : Navigation 1000
Oreifon Navigation. Pid.... — — 42 00
Pacific ilail — : 26 25
Pullman '59 00
Quicksilver (Con Kxcbnge). 100 00
Kock Island U2 621 A nHOi)
Reading. 1887 Vi 1900
Southern Pacific 14 60
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WhEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leideadorff st, TeL Main 1854,
■; . CK.NTBAL OrriCE " *.• ■■• ■■'■
Kb Uarket su, Palace IloteL Puriy <ft Aiklnaoa
Mnnaiers. Tel. Main 5144.
tptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjolnlmarUl
ttooni). Tel. Main 1091.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, M«n««er«.
Orders instantly executed on latest market ona
latlona. Keference Ist >'aUoual n»nti- k. k-
GBICAOa. 1-WVAIiS WUM. M«W YOU,
! St. Paul .' 71 87V% 73 25
I Texas P.icilie
Tennesse- Co. I «fc Iron 211i2V4 22 37Vi
Union Pacific ■ 6 12V*
U. •*. I/Cnther
V. S. Lenther, Ptd 52 37Va 63 87V'»
Western I'nlon 7i<i2Vs 79 I' s
Wabasri, Pfd ■
Bar silver f 61 116
sterling on London, 60 days 4 87Vi
! Sterling on London, sight 4 89
I I. S. *'.■». registered 96 50
'■ V. S4\ new 123 25
; 11. s. 4's, new, coupon IV4 25
U. s. 4's ". 11l 50
V. S. 4's.coud 113 2»
U. S. fi's 113 25
U. s. s's, coupon 114 37 Vs
Wheat Market.
On the theory that TurUlsa v.ctories Indicate an
early termination of the war there was a general
rush to-da to si-11 wheat. May wheat fuiuret
opened at the Produce Exchange on simultaneous
sales in different par.s or the pit all the way f.om
81c to feOs a against .S33 /g the closlns; quotation
Saturday. July futures opeue<J at 79VaC to 79c,
against H.c on Sa.urda.-. Later May futures sold
down to 79 %5. and July 10 78 tf-ltx. Closing quo
tations we. c: May. nfls/gc, July 78 % c. The net
declines, i.om)iured ni.u closing q. otations on
Satur-lay respectively were 3c and i>J » c -
WiIEAT- 10:S0 11:00 12:00 ' 1:00 .2:10
May cO3i Bii,B 81 y 4 80y g 803/ 8
July 791,4, V9H 71)7 8 7c,i 2 7H7
September 76i- 2 76% 76 ' 76S/ 8
Bpot. quiet and ea>i-r; 1. o. h. alloat No. 1 North
ern sprue, New York, 837'g0; No. 1 Northern
spring. Duiuth. «57 s c: No. 3 hard winter, 79% c;
! 2vo. •_' nurd winter, bOT'«c.
Future closing: April. 817/ c: May, 80s/ gC ;
July, 7.V'' 8 : September. 755/»c; Oec^mber. 76VaO.
FLOI I.— Trade dull: winter 111 bbls, superfine.
$- 90@3 10: No. 2 extra. f3 30@3 tO; 1 extra.
*» 50^» 90: Clear.. $.* 50@3 9J; straights, f4 35
<&i 65: patents. $4 60(^4 i-.'i.
GRAIN FREluliTs- New Yorlc to Liverpool,
by steam, 21 d.
Produce.
PROVISIONS-Lard. Prime. $4 37%.
PORK-Mess S8 75<^9 25.
TALLOW-»y B @3 3 16c.
AX— Cuba, centrifugal. 3Vic
HiDEs-i6y 2 c
Dried Fruit*.
The market remains practically unchanged. The
demand Is small and only enough tc fill require
ments, but light supplies keep prices steady.
RAIsI.N S— California, 50 lb boxen, 2»4c; crown,
4ffisSic; seeded, / ' B @ii/oC: seedless muscatels,
9V ®.> S /iC.
cL'IIKa.VTs— Are quoted at 4S' B @4y S '- in bar
rels and 4%<j|,sVic In cases; cleaned bulk, 5%@6c;
canons, b(s;%c.
PRUNES— California, 25- lb boxes, 4@7Vic; 50-
Ib boxes, 3y 2 @7c
PKaCHKs— California nnpeeled, bags, 6®B%c;
boxes. 7i/ 2 @9%c; peeled, 12@1 5c.
APRlCOTS— California, boxes, 9@l6c; baga, 8
(011 c.
WALNUTS-Callfornia standard, 6%c; soft
shell, Be.
ALMONDS— SheIIed. 16<a!9a
DaTES— Persian, 60-lb boxes, B @4i/xc: fard,
boxes, 4«4@6c; cases, 5%®6c.
Figs— .mocy ordinary, 12@18c; fancy washtd,
2U@24c.
CITRON— Fancy, boxes, ll@l2i/ 3 c.
Metals.
COPPER- Weak; brokers, Sll 12%; exchange,
$11.
LEAD-Weak; broKrrs, f3 12%; exchange,
CHICAGO MARKETi.
CHICAGO. 11.1,, April 26.— 1t was the bears'
turn to ride the wheat market this morning, and
they did so with a vengeance. May dropped from
74%ct073%c against Saturday's rlos ne price.
76* /B e. In a wild rush to unload many ("toj-lois
orders were received. The excitement did no: last
over fifteen minutes, but the pit was as active as
it Is ever seen. After reaching 73% c the market
reacted with a jerk and a slow recovery to 74 5/»c
took place. The war news started the fun. the
prospects of a speedy settlement of the GraDCO-
Turklsh war creating an universal Jesire to unload
wheat. The cables were also be.irisii.
In provisions tne lar^e r- ceipta of hogs and lower
grain markets had a depressing effect. Packers
were the principal se.lert and prices dpclined.
The trading se.lors Saturday were the best buyers
tc-day. The cash market continues very dull.
WHEAT— 9:"0 .0:110 10:30 11:00 11:30
; M »V 7»% 743/ 8 76 , 74&« 74%
i July 73% 741/4 743,, 74v 4 74
September 7014 7O'J/ 8 70C,g 70»4 70%
1^:00 12:. 0 1:00 1:15
April 7»7'«
May 743 73% 74y 8 737/.
July 78T'g 7»i. a 73% 733
September 703 /8 ti96 /8 70 t>9^»
CORN— April ana May, 2*Vic; July,' 25y 8 £
2.*% c
OaTS— April, 16"gC; May, 17s c; July, 185/ c
Produce.
PORK— April and May, $8 50@8 60.
LARD— April and May. $i 15; July, f4 25.
RlßS— April and May, #i 72; July, f4 77.
liU ri'ER — Market firm, owing to small receipts
and a fairy active demand. Western quoted at
16c. Receipts 2200 tubs.
EGGS— Quiet, but firm; receipts light- Western
quoted at fcy 2 c Recelpu «000 cases.
Livestock.
HOGS-Lignt, »3 »o©4 15; mixed. 9i 90(*
410: heavy, $3 60@4 10; rough. SS 60@3 75. Re
reiitts 30.000. Packers bought 20.800. snippers
6000. Estimated receipts to-morrow 10.0UO.
CATTLE-Beeves, fa 85@5 S5: cows and heif
ers, fi 00@4 6U; Texas steer', fa 4U@4 40; stock
ers and feeders, f3 40@4 66. Receipts 14.500.
Market steady. Eestimated receipts to-morrow
2500.
SHEEP— Native sheep, J2 75@5 00; Westerns,
S3 t>o©s 00: lambs, $3 60&6 b5. Market steady.
Receipts 1600.
IOREION MARKETS.
London.
LONDON, Ejfo., April i6.— Consols, 111%: •li
ver, 28i/id; French rentes, 102f 65c.
Liverpool.
WHEAT — Firm. \o. 1 standard California
wheat, 32«; cargoes Walla Walla wheat. 30s 3d;
cargoes off coast, Mrmer; cargoes on passage,
firmer: English country markets, firm; Liverpool
j wheat,. No. 1 California, 6» 6%d; wheat In Paris,
j s.eady; flour in Paris, quiet; quantity of wheat
and Hour on passage to United Kingdom, 1,510,
--000; quantity of wheat and flour 00 passage to
Continent 6&0.000.
COTTON -Uplands, 3 S-16d.
ruTniits.
I he Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotatlous *or No. 2 Red Winter: May,
6s lV^d: Juiy. 6s H/id: September, 6s l%d.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Pterllng Exchange, 60 days — f487» / 4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables , — 489%
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — *0
Fine silver, per ouuee _ 6111-16
Mexican Dollars 49% 60
PEODUOE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTnJKU GRAINS.
WHEAT — Cooler and molster weather, couplea
with lower quotations trom Chicago and Liverpool
changed the aspect of affairs and gave futures
a baclctet, prices declining 3@4c on the morning
sebgions. Spot trices, however, showed no decline
though the feeling was weak.
Quoted at $1 125*1 32Vi for common grades,
$1 35(41 37V* V Ml for average No. 1, fl 40 for
choice and $i 4-j Vj(g,l 50 for extra < lio.c- milling;
t-onora, fl 37Vstol i'iifr tor S«. 1 and »1 *7h.im
1 50 for in 1! It
CAI.I. BOARD MAl.rs
Informal Ssksbion— 9-.IS o'clock— December—
12.0U0c.15. $1 23: 4l'OO. SI 23V*: 1 8,001) $1 223, i«
28,000. *\ a 7/ 8 ; 4000, *1 23Vk: 4000, S] 2SJ£:'
14.000. »1 23%: 34,001>, $1 23i "'
Skconb — December — 40.000 ctls
$1 22i*; 8000; *1 22V4: 26.000, 81 22: 14,000'
$1 21% ilav—^o)o, $1 363^. '
Klfii-URMoKviso December— S3 000
ctls, S: 2'J%: 24,000. 81 22Vi llay-4000, *1 36%
Aftkhnoon- tfKSßio.v — December— 2000 ctls.
$1 22Vi: B-^,OOO, $1 22%. ~"
lIAIiLKY-U'aiidull and weak, owlne to the pro
nounced chauise In weaihcr. Feed, 70@70c: Brew-
Ing remains nominal. •v. ; •
CALL BOARD SALES.
'NFiißiiAi. Skssiox— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
■ f Bkcokd skssion- December— 2ooo ct s, 72c;
ItKouLAS Morning Session" — December— 8000
ctls, 72c.
aftebnoon faK»BiON — December— 2ooo ctls.
72V2C.
OATS— lmproved weather conditions quieted the
market down again and no tales were reported.
Fancy I'uget Sound, $1 S0(*l W, good locho.ee.
*1 Lk^Ml) 25; common, fl@l o;i 2 %>• ctl. Clipped
O»t* se.t mi $l@;j %( ion over the raw product.
a£Pc£" N -Was qu land unr-nanccd. Large Yellow,
85©90 c: smaU Kounddo, 97%c®» 1: White, 82%
@Bi>c (4 ctl. *
RYi.— Quiet at 75@83c ft ctl.
UUCKVv Hli.A I-Quoted at $1 15tgl 25 ft CIL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR-Net <ash prices are: Family extras,
•ne 75 f4@ 4 5 35 B *b e bf lraSs4 °® 165: SUper
COKNMKAL, ETC-Feed Corn, 17 60@18:
Cracked Corn, $18@19 t* ton. "v»*o.
MILL»TUFFS-Prtces in sack, are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: liraham Flour, *2 85
V_ 100 lbs: Kye Flour. $2 60 >( 100; Kice Flour.
rr, .5; Cornmeal, $\!<ct)X 2b: extra cream do, ti 75
Oatmeal, «3 50; Oat Uroats, »4; Hominy, «3 10®
3 3o; wheat Flour, »3 25<aa 60; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4; Whoie Wheat Flour
iSI Kolled Oats (bbls). *4 75@5 1&: Pearl Barley'
S3 7504: bplit Peas, SS 50; Green do. $4 25 * 100
lbs*
HAT AND FEEOSTUFFS.
There Is less steadiness In Hay, owing to the
Chans c In the weatner. '
lUU.N- 00 for the best and $12^12 60
¥ ton lor out-ide brands.
MIDDLINGS — $17@1« for lower grades and
$18 50®19 60 it ton for the best.
*'K£D3TUF*'S — Kolled Barley, «5@15 60:
Oilcake JUoal at the mill. 526 50 t* ton; iuobme
*27 00. "
HAY— Wheat. $B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat, #7rd
30; Oat, 56Ca8 60: Barley, $ti 60(3.8: Alfalfa, $8
@»7. 60; compressed, $6^9 60; stock. *s£Stf: Clo
ver, S6@B * ton.
BTKA W-26«60C 11 baj*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1897.
UEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS-Bayos quoted a: SI 60® 1 8>: Small
Whites, flfiftl 20 per cU; Large Whites, $I@l 15
t» CU: Pinks. Sl<j»l i>o; Red?, f 1 10@l 30: Biack
eye, 9 1 60@l 65; Red Kidney. fl 75@2 20:Lt
@l20* 60(g)l 75; Butters> 81 25(»1 60. Pea^ f 1
sEEDS-Brown Mustard. $2 50(3.2 75; Yellow
Mustard.. fl 60 r ctl; Flax. SI 60 * ctl; Cauary
fee«-d, I%@ji/ o * 1b: Alialfa. 6V*c; Rape, 2i^@
*»4c; Hemp, »c: Timothy. 4i/..c '
URIEL PKAS— Ntlea, *1 10(g>l 2t> ell; Oreen,
f 1 30®l 60 %4 ctL
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are both lower and weak.
Asparagus Islowerand RhuDarb higher. Tomatoes
are wair.ed and would bring good prices, but there
are none here.
I''' TATuES— New Potatoes. 84@ll.ic la Ib-
Nweel 1 otatoe-, Si 25@1 06 f» ctl : Eariy Lose. 65®
«0c %* cil; Klver Reds, 70@75c: Rurbank Seed
lings. 60<ae0c "& ctl for Klvers and ,*>o<g,7oc lor
Petalumas; Oregon Burbanks. 60<&85c.
ONIONS— UreKOiiF, $2 25<ft3 »i ctl. Cut Onions,
fl 26<al 60 V sack. NivuiiKs. S2 50@3. Aus
tralian Onions jobbing at S4 50(g>& %> ctl.
VEuETABLKS-Recelots were 1338 boxes As
paratrus. i>Bs boxes Rhubarb ard H7O sks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers nr« quotable at &oc@sl V
dozen; Asparagus, 75c@$l 25 * box for common,
SI 60&1 ,b for choice and 92 f* box for fancy:
Rhubarb, 40@.*0c or orjinary and 65@*5c for
choice large; Marrowfat Squash. Sb(g)7 V ton;
Dried Peppers, 6<g.Bc tS tb: (>reen Peas. Eo@7sc *
sack; Lo» Angeles Mnu« »ans i«c t* tb:
PrlelOkra. S@9c »* n>; Ci«l>t>M e. 75(385c t» ctl;
Carrots, 25@d0c %« sack: Garlic, l%@2c «4 lb.
liITTTER, CHEESE AND rGGs,
Butter rules firm, owing to the brisk demand for
packing, Store Kggs are being bought for co;d
storage. Nothing new In Chetsa
butter-
Crkamkry— Fancy creameries. 13®13%c; sec
ouds, 12®12y 2 c r lb.
Daiky— Choice to fancy, ll@l2c » &>; lower
grades, B@luc.
I'icklki>-13V 2 Tb for new.
Firkin— l3ffll4c > lb for new.
Crkamkry Tub— New, 14c * Ib.
CliKESE— Choice mild new, 6V*(47c V lb: com
anon to good, 6%<S!6c: Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Youiik America, 7@Bc; Western, lie; Eastern, 13
©16c ?. Ib.
KGc» S-Ranch Kggs. 11%@12c; store Kggs, 10y s
<iS,\lc 't- doz; Duck hpts, 14c.
POULTKY AXI) GAMK.
POCJLTRY-A car of Eastern sold at 14@16c
for Turkeys. $5 26@5 6(i for Hens, S7 50 for you:ig
Roosters and SI 50 for old Roosters. Another car
falls due to-morrow.
Local siock is dull.
Live Turkeys. K@lsc for Gobblers. 14(£15cfor
H-ts: G»ese r pair. HI 50; Goslings, *2@2 51):
Ducks, if 3 tO<a.i for old and *5 60@7 for young:
liens. $4(06; i<ooster». young. $6 &0&8: do, old. *4
(<£4 f>o rryers, *6 60(<S6: l-roilers, 04 sU(£ts 60
for largo and $2 25@3 29 «or small: Pigeons, SI 50
©2 V doz for young and S I 25f<sl 50 for old.
GAME— Hare, uoaiinal: Rabbits, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITItUS FRUITS.
Strawberries are lower. Choice Oranges rule
firm. ]>'tnons are quiet.
Receipts of Strawberries were 78 chests.
HE( lullU.S FRUITS—
Strawberries, Sti&lO "^ chest for large and $8©
13 for small.
Apples. II @2 *» box.
CITKUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable
at S3@4 > box for choice to fancy iuiJ *1 25G52
V box for commou; Seedlings. -*l(s.l BO V box;
Mediterranean Sweets, fl . v j._ "f box: Lem
ons, 75c($$l 25 tor common and fl 50(.J_' ■-'.'>
for pood to choice: Mexican Limes, 56K67 f> box:
Banana*, Sl(s2 p. buncli; Pineapples, $2<s4 p doz.
Dltiri) FKUITB, KAISINS, XUTS, ETC.
Beyound tl:e steady demand for Prunes already
noted the market is dull.
URIED Quotations are as follows:
Peaches, 4f<i">i, a c «< lb: fancy, 6c i> Ib: p^ied,
76i11c; Apricos, 6<g,Hc; AioorparKS. 10C41'-'c;
evaporated Aj>pe», .@.M 2 c. suu-drled, '-:@3c;
Prunes. 2Vi@'-'^ic for the 4 s!s*s: while .figs, 3c;
Plums, 4«t4Vjc lor i itled and l@l''.>c for unpit
led: Nectarines. BVMtt^fccV> B. tor piimo tofancy:
Ptan, 2y«(s4c for wuole, 2i»fesc ior quarters and
3@Sc for hulves.
UAJSINS—
Four-crown, loose. 6»ic: 3-crown. 414 c: S-crown.
SS' c fi lb; seed t-nlianns. s<£sVsC: seedless
Muscatels. 4«; C; 3-crown London layer*. 41@1 V 5:
cluse *1 60; l)eh<-sa clusters. S3 50; Imperial
clusters, fJ 50: dried grape* out.
M'TM-Che»:nuts quotable ai 8l$10c; Walnu's,
6^ 2 ®7c V-Tb for standard and 94J9i^c "» lb for !
softsbell: Almonds, 6@6V<jc for Laog'uedoc, S@ !
3^. 2 c for hardsbeli and N^.9c V lb for paperaheli: I
Peanuts. 4@;6c p Ib lor Eastern and 4c for Cult- i
fornla: Hickury "nil, f Qflo 'ft lb; Pecans, 7J/>3
8c V lb: Filberts, 7y @Sc; Brazil Nuls, 7iAß»c:
Cocoanuts $6®5 50 V 100.
HO.VKY— Comb. lU<a,l2y 3 for bright and 6(£9c
tor lower gradei; wai»r-wuue extracted, 5^5 i,-c.c:
light amber extracted. 4V-.@4 : s* c i dark amber,
4<a.4i, 2 c; dark, 2@3c f) lb. '"
BEE3\VAX-22(^i:5c ? lb.
VKOVISIO.NS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7Vic* n> forheaTT. 8c
« Ib for light medium. Uc tor llzht. 10c * Ib
for extra light and 12c >. U> for sugar cured Kast- J
crn sngar-cured J tarns. l-'i 2- tb: California 1
llams, lie V lb; Mes* Betif. f» y> bbl; rxir*
mess do. f9 60: family do, Elu@lo 50: extra
rnme Pork, $8 50; extra clear. $14 v blil; mess,
SI 2 't bbi; Muo«« il Bee:. 10c t* lb.
La Kll- Eastern tierces are quotod at 5'' 4 c for
compound and ti'^c tor pure; - palls. 7c; Cal
ifornia tierces, 4i/{jc for compound and si/ie for
pure; half-bbls, 6y2C: 10-Ib tins, 7c; do 5-Ib 7Vic.
COTTOLENE— be in tierces aud ®Bi,aC In
10-Ib tins.
HIDES, TALLOVf, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c: me
dium, 7c f* tb; light, 6Vi©7c: Cowhides, 6^@7c; !
Stags. 6c; salted Kip. 6<*7c: '# lb; sailed Calf, 'aßc; \
salted Veal e@7c; ary Hides. 12Vii(B13c; culls ana ;
Brands. 9y rsroc^ ID; dry Kip aud Veal. utg,luc:
dry Calf, ,sc: culls. 10c; Goatskins. 20@35c each;
Kids, 6c; Deerskins, good summer. 25c j* Ib;
medium, 20c: winter, 10c; sheepskins, shear
lings, luo'-Oc each; short wool. 2»@4Oc each;
medium. 40(550c each; lung wool', 60(a.75c eacn;
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered. 2» @3c '«» lb; Na 2,
2Vac; retined. 5c Grease, 2c V Ib.
WOOL— Spring clip is quoted as follows: Moun
tain, ll@l4c ■$ Ib: Foothill, 10fg,12i, a c: S>an Joa
quin, year's clip, 7®loc; do, seven months, B<sllc
~t Ib: Nev»das, lO(£14c; Eastern Oregon. 7@loc
liops—ygibc for fair to choice and a© 10c t* lit
for fancy.
GENERAL MKItCH ANDISE.
BAGS— Calcnt:a Grain Bags, spot, sV£c; June,
6l c: July. 5@5y 8 -; San Quentin, -:j 4jj Wool
Bags. "4(a.27c.
COAL— Wellington, fS: New Wellinirton, $8;
Sonthfleld Wellington. f7 50: (Seattle, $5 6U:
Bryant, f5 50; Coos Ji:iy, S4 75: Wallsend, $7
V ton: Cumberland. Sl3 60 ** ton in bulk and f!5
In sacks; Pennsyl vanls. Anthracite Egg, $11($12 «t
ton; Welsh Anthracite, *BaiO Cannel, $8 l>t tou:
I ock Sprints, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley,
(7 60; Coke. Sll@U2 in balk and $13 f» ton in sks.
M.'l'AK— Western sugar ReUuing Company
quotes, terms net cash: 1 ü be and Crushed »nd Fine
Crushed. 6c: Powd-red, sVic; Dry Granulated,
4y g c: Con iectlonera' A, 4'/ c: Magnolia A, 41^c; j
Extra <;, 4s/(jc: Golden T. 4^c: Candy Granulated,
sc; hall barrels 14c more man barrels, and boxes
2 c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are very weak at the decline already noted.
Wholesale rates for dreisoJ stoclc iro.u slaugh
terers are as follows: .
BEEF— First quality. 6c: tecond do, 6QSV*C'
third do, 4@4y c «t Ib.
VEAL— Large. 6®6c; small, 6@7c '-ft, tb.
MUTTON— Wethers, si*jiiJ6c; Ewes, 60 lb.
LAMB-SpriiiK, 6VB(*7V2<" f* Ib.
PORK— Live llo;:s. avi'^o^sc for large and 3J£ '
ii-; : : c for small and imiiiuiu. soft Hoks, 2%@3c: :
dressed do, 5@6%a
KLCJbli'l-, OF PRODaCiS.
TOR -4 HODRS.
J-lnnr. or gka..,. 7,918! Ulddiins«,uu,..
Oregon 13.6^^1 Huuec, cu»..._ 405
vv hr»;. etis. .... 485 Cheese, cm 29
Oregon 1.69U Kcrs, f10«....'.^ 17,8)30
Earley. ctls...^. 7.140| Hldei. n0.... _ 356
£cans. sks — 831 1 Pelt*, bdls. ..... 465
Corn. ctU 855] Wine. ga15. ...... 46,600
Rye. ct15. ....... 1.24U Wool. Dis 643
] .Potatoes, sK*.._ bO4 Leather, roll 1.... 31
1 Oregon 4,46^ Lime, tibts. ..._ 81
Onions. Or, IU.. 215 allu-.v. cili.. ... 11H
ay. lous _ 654 Qnleksllrer, fljlej 61
liran. sks 1,033 l'aper, reams ... 1,600
THE STOCK MARKET.
The tendency in mining stocks was downward,
especially in tbe afiernooa.
The Alpha aud Belcher assessment sales take
place to-day.
The I'acifio Lighting Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 35 cents on May 5.
The Geyser-Marlon Milling Company of Utsh
baa declared a dividend of $9000 payable April 30.
The Anchora-Leland Mining ComDany of Colo
rado paid a dividend of 1 per cent per share on
«6UOO od April 16.
The Calumet ana Hec.'a Copper Mining Com
pany of Michigan paid a dividend of f 5 per share,
amounting to 5.'.00.000, on the 23d.
The Central Gold and Silver Mining Company of
Grass Valley has levied an assessment of 5 cents,
delinquent May 22.
The Hur-rshoe Gold and Sliver Minint Com
pany of Nevada ounty has levied an assejsnient
of 1 cent, delinquent May 20.
'1 he Jupiter Gravel Alining and Water Company
of alavers County has levied an assessment of 20
cents, delinquent May 24.
The Coast Development ComDany of Tnolumne
Couutyha* levied an assessment of 3 cento, de
linquent Mlv 24.
The Thorpe Minlni; Company of Calaveras
(ounty has levied an assessment of 2iA cents, de
lioqnent May 22.
The Marifuerlte Gold Mining and MIUIdk Com
pany of Placer County hag levied an assessment
of 10 cents, delinquent M«y 24.
Weekly reports rrom ihe'miues are as follows:
<.ox. CaL <fc Va.— looo level— The east (runs-
Cut started from the north drift from the Coil Va.
shaft on this level, at a point 200 feet north from
the station, has been adv*hrt-a 25 feet, pusilug
tit roii Dorphyry showini; clay Reparation*, wi:li
? K S nt • ee J > e of waler: total lensctn, 256 feet.
1550 level— From the top of the double compart
ment Incline upraise 68 feet on the slope above
I this level the north drift has been advanced along
I the footwali 20 feet, passing through, for the first
i\\<> or three feet, a streak of or* In the lower ha f I
i of the face, from which we have extracted five
tons of ore. a-saylng $26 33 per ton. Onward to
] the face of the drift the formation is porphyry and (
i clay, streaked with cj .artz, assaying from *2 to $4
j p>-r ton: total length. 90 feet. From this north
drift at a point 17 tt«t in from the mouth, the east
; crosscut hn« been advanced S7 feel, through por
-1 ph.-ry, clay and str*ak* of quartz, assaying $2 per
! ton: total length, 77 feet.
1850 level— From the ninth flocr south drift, at a I
; pom 200 feet In from its mouth, from the upraise, i
> H eel above the sill lloor from tbe end of tue |
i north drift from ihe upraise carried up 7 f>-et, we I
have worked west 12 feet la quartz formation as-
I xaylny; $2 and f3 per ton. Work here has been
I suspended. We are now repairing tbe sout i drift
and intend to start another upraise stl feet south |
! of the .(JO point. From iiiclitie upraise 1 at a point
, 60 feet above the sill floor of this level ihe north
j dritt has been navanced along the footwali 14
i<-.- : panlng throuKh porphyry and a streak of
i good ore lyiiu on ihe lootwall, ranging in width I
I from 1 to 2% f.-et and narrowing again to 1 foot I
in the face of the dritt. A May from the face of
theur.f. run from J4 to 825 8S per ton: to:al
j hn,-:|i 78 feel. Th.s ore itreak shows aloug the, !
I west side of the dr ft a distance of 15 fe t Com- i
I menciiig at ihe south end ( it is one foot wide, and |
j thence onward to near the face it show* a width of !
I 21/3 feet.
i he average assay from samples from assays
along th- west side is $148 93 per ton. We have
extracted from this drift 21 tons of ore assaying
i »114 32 per ton. We are Umbering In lbs drift
| and snali uiraise to the west on the • re streai.. to:- !
: lowing ihe footwall, the coming wee*, one hnn
; dred leet north irom upr.ise 1 incline upraise
- lias been carried up on the fooiwali 20 feet, pass
itiK lliroiigh a porphyry, clay and quartz formation |
averaging irom »t> to $9 per ton: total he.ght 29
j feei. i'he old east cronsciu s.arted from the north
j drift, 20U fe.l north irom the ConsOllda ed Vir- |
I ginia shaft, on this level, wh'.ch was reopentd tw
| yeais ago a distance of 56 leet. and which forms
i part of our drift connections with the C. <fc C
shaft, hus been further reopened 20 feel, passing
r.irouirii porphyry, qoartz una o d timbers; assays
from this place average fr.im $2 io ifti per ton; to
tul length 134 feet, ihe totai extraction of ore
j for ihe week amounted to 26 ton , the average as
| nay value of which— per samples taken from the
cars when raised to the surface— was $117 91 per !
ton.
In the Ophlr mine, on the 1000 level, west !
crosscut 2.1s in 669 feet. The face is in soft I
porphyry, showing seams of clay and lines of
quartz In the od central tu:.n>l grouud of the :
ophlr the upraise from tfce end of the south drift I
from the old west crosscut f'om the upraise car
ried up 15 feet from the south drift from the west i
crosscut from the Mexican shaft has been carried
up 8 feet, passlug through porphyry showing a
I Hireakoiore2 inches w.iie. assaying *1S 37 per
! ion; tot 'l height 34 feei. They have extracted !
| from this place 3 tous of ore assaying f35 68 per '
i u»i.
Intli- ll»e<t Norcross mine, on the 900 level, <
1 in No *t upraise, the west CrOMCttt from the tenth t
■ lloor was ud vain ed 12 feel and two sets of timber I
I put la; toial length 90 feet. When lv »U fe- 1 -
they cut (i inches of quariz average a.ssa^, gold :
S7. silver 21 ounces pc- ton. Advanced the north J
, drift irom the enm tloor 7 teet: total length 71 •
1 feet; face in porphyry aud quartz. Kepalrs in the I
I shaft hdil wherever necessary were made.
In Chollar ground no wont was done during the
p.i'st week.
In the i'otosi mine they are running south from I
the cast crosscut on the tunnel level, and are out i
•-•3 fee.. The face Is In Qtiar.z assaying Irom Ss to
$10 per ton. They saved from this point during
the past week 19 tons of ore, assaying $28 10 per
ton as per car sample.
Hki-nmwick Look— Consolidated California 4
Virginia, Best <fc Jtelcher and Gould it Curry— I
I >nut 2 has been sunk 20 feel on incline, total '
depth 732 feot, bottom In porphyry and f>mnil j
| stringers of quartz. 300 level — Kast crosscut j
1 (t r.ed in the south dritt from the shaft has been
Mictel 41 fe>-t, pa sing tbrouch sou porphyry I
total leLgth 270 feet. Kust crosscut 2 started j
i.-> 5 feet south of .No 1 crosscut baa been extended J
2*> feet, total length 90 leet; face in porphyry and j
quartz.
O ciDKNTAii Consolidated— sso level— |
upraise fioni west crosscut ha* b en carried up 10 j
feet; total height 56 fee.: top In low-grade gold ■
ore. The sontn dr.ft from sa'.d crosscut hai been j
extended 12 leet; loial length 55 feei; face In talc i
spar and porphyry. The wlnz* started this week I
in the same streak is dawn 11 feel in ore assaying j
$6 per lou in gold. 1 ii»- fM crosscut slarttd at
point 600 feet south oi No. 1 west crosscut is :
j now lv 15 feet, having be-n extended that far {
during the week. We are also cleaning out and
pieparlng tbe south drift on the 650 level to meet !
the winze going down from the 550 level.
| lloi.i.Aß— 600-level station has been com
i pleied (in -.hail l),and work at that point has
| been snipped until a nev 70-horsepower boiler can
\ De placed in position, the one now in use being too i
small to perform tfie work now under way. 200 |
level — Have opened the eventh floor, th* streak
of pay c intinuini; or gocd itr.uid Ihe winze has
i not been sunk, liv. tney have stoped to the north,
| in which direction the pay becomes weaker.
300 lewi— 'l he raise In the north and io connect j
; with the 200 level easi winze Is up four floors, |
I wheietlie pay is 12 Inches ulile oi good grade. :
i The main stope shows no material change. 400 '
j level— Tbe r-ise from the east crosscut Is up eltht
• floors, where the pay Is l^i inches wide of fair j
1 Krad*. 500 level — No. 1 crosscut has been a*l
' vanced 37 feet and is out 71 fee , tbrouch por
j phyry and streaks of quartz- No. 2 crosscut has
j been advauced 41 feet nnd is out 63 feet, through
porphyry, clay and streaks ot quartz, with sina.ll |
seepages of water in places. No. 3 crosscut is out ,
29 leet, having beeu driven but 19 fee. during the ,
week. he material in tbe tace ts weil a ■ ihut en- !
I countered is very hard poiphvry. Have extracted
during tbe we -k from tba various openings and
shipped to the Nevada milt fur reduction 232 lous ■
' and 2UO pounds of or», which sampled as follows:
Car sample, gold #18 17; silver ounces 17,01; I
! battery sample, gold $17 01; silver ounces 16.60
! per ton.
IiOAKI> SALES.
TrVowlott were the n»i«a In the San >'raaclsoo
Heck Eonrd yesterday:
RFHI'I.AR WOBXISO •■KSSIOX rnWUKNVIVH 8:30.
4CO Andes '22 30.) ChalUe.,.34 '200 0Trmn....06 '■
! 2i/0 8e1cb5r...37 2JO C P0int.... 33; -U0 I'oi.nl . . . . 47 '
I 10 i Haiti 61 iOOO Occldll..'-" 2'Jt f»N«v 47
100CC&V... I.7i> 100 21| 50 5tdrd...1.60
4UO 1.7u]30J Ophlr... l.Ot 10U LiilonC.Ji {
AliniNons 6KSBION— 'I :SO.
200 Aita 07[900 cc<tv...i.eo:-:oo Onhlr 99 1
1 lUOADdes 2*-' 100 1.65'10J Ovrtnn....o«
! ol'U Belcher... B7 U .JO C Point ._3ti 200 811 Hi 11 ....01
600K&M .. bl IUUU£C 27 0 Union
I 600 Bullion. ..(!>■ 300 0cc1dt1....2'.';35J tvwik«..'j'j I
! 150Ch0Uar...9. .231
Kcllcwlne w»r> llie <••"«* Hi the I'aclttc Slock
leaiU yesterday:
KH.ri.AR rF««iTr>w-10:70
200 Alr*« 08:550 CC&V...l4£|'-'OO 00h1r... 1.00 I
3t>o AH* 07 600 1.72%'350 99 |
-0J Andes 2V 200 l.iu.iua OTrmn
i 60 J Belcher... >. 0 I.6i|Voi Potot,.. .47
I 200 iOJC P0int.... 35130J H.vae#.._lß
BUJ Jb& B 6. 100 Exchqr...o4 700 Kcorplon..Ot
6ni) i;ulllou....U'- HUU i><tt . 27 20(1 hH.ti1....04 '
100 Ca1eda.... 121100 HtN 84 a .Nev 48
3JO 131500 Julia 04 500 BHIII 01
.111 cnaltke...^s'2OU Kentuck.os 60* i t1niuu.....22
4UU Choir iUOO i. Wash. 0. 200 Utah OS
600 „ 9ii OJ Mexican.. 31)0 * J«i»i..'.'ti
60U s-OJuUOccld 21200 'J7
i 150 Conn....]i/ 8 5U0 3*. .'OO ..28
I 60 l.i&i
A^TICRNOOX BKBSIOV— 2:T).
'' 700 A Tim 07 400 CC&V... I-65 OCCd 22
300 Alt*. 07 300 1.67%!500 2»
BUO 06 100 lf. -'00 Ophlr ....97
I^oo Andes.. .2l JOJ ].»>u 100 »5
•JM B«lch»r...3h|2Uo 1.5 D JOU Poioil 47
100 S6 5J < onn 1.17 Vi 3'o 4a I
•Mi £*B 633U0 UdtC ■*>• -0J Harac*.... 18 i
i 200 b» 300 26 4UU h8<tM....04 I
] 2JO Bullion.. ..I';. iuu — 25190(1 si .\». 47
200 Caled lh 10J 11A.N h4 lUU 49
300 Ch11nge...36 i-'OO 81 50 H1nrd....lR 8
100 Chollar.. .90 200 Mexican- 41' 30J Unloti M I
2uO 9UO .'OO ai i
300 Crwnl»t..3* .HO Ny Qn... oe| 100 Utah o7
700 300 OrrmD....ot|.oJ * JUM....28
IXOSIJNU QUOTATIONS,
MONDAY, April 26-4 P, at.
JiA.AtAfti. BfLA.»kA4,
Arrtm r«n..... 07 0b Jqii _ U4 c 5
Alta. 06 t7,lustlea, 03 05
Andeii. 2i> 22 1 Kentock....... 06 in;
1 Belcher »5 . 7 Uexican 44 46 I
! b«st <£ Uetotiac 68 s!i sevadaUaee* 10 —
Bentoa . — 18, accidental..... _22 23
tnlllon 07 Os Ophlr. 95 B(5
Caledonia. 11 .jvnmuu.., o5 ii 6 •.
Chollar 8d 9u iotosL - 44 46
'• Con.Cal&Va,.. 1 eo^avage. — 17 IS
* Cnallense Cox 34 is6-corpion. ,^_ 14 —
ton. Imperil.. 01 -seg. Belchee... 03 05
Confidence.... 1.15 1.20 -liver UUt.... 01 »a
! uu.Ne* Vor* t2 — Sierra *ev*l* 46 47
Crown Polau.. 34 36 -tandard 1.56 1.85
E»BiS!ierra.N»» — 1, -yutficase. >Ma — us
Ie " Ooa.« — SO onlouCou... M 20 31
b-xebeauee .... 03 'U4 jijui » utf C 7
o*.uiu«iCurrr. '21 ■ 2t ■ tiiuw j«oi«> 28 '29
a»M*«Aunxa as bb
6XOCK AM* lIOSD £XCHANOB. *
MONDAY. April 26-2 p if.
rXITKIt bTATICSI BUMH
J.i*. s\kcu.\ JBit. AtktA.
C 8 4« eono. 112i/iU3 D fe4ar«g...109 ilU',ll
Xionew isßuel23V» — |
MISCr.I.LAN BOVnV •
Cal-MCbU9n.ll2 — OaJtUaa 5i . — JO4
I CalKlecl, 6s — 130 1)0 is 65... — 109
I CutraUWbi 96Vii »« .imnioni 20:' 4 l 221 ',
1 bpDi-stex-cp — 100 r&OityOs. - US
! Idsn JLAP6iI27V 3 129 P&ChKyd*. — 103
KH-Hl;!tti,;uj 107 Pwl-st HRdtllS 118
1 lUaxr-st Hss — 102 Keno.WL.fci. - loi
H Cits 100 _ t-acto I" iL. - 100
LosAngLdi 921^100 -;K<tNPRS»..IO2 102%
liotinieed 61 9»V a 3UO brKKArlzSt 9234 »4
i SlKt.stCble6slJ3i,%l243.4 bPKKCaio*. 107 ' 107%
DoltyCon J»s. 1081/ 8 106V4 SPKKCmISs. 86 —
Nat Vin6s Ist — ioo "PBrRCalSs. B9V 4 100
RevCNgU7s. - 106%BVWat«rtts.ll7»/4i18V4 !
I N K»t!«l «a.103% — hVWtteru. 101 * _ *
j MlyuiM, . _ - jbiktnUdtKm »9y 3 i00i.,
■■V:'J:V" **trr FTocKi.
Contra costa 36 39 |*prn« Valiar 97% 98
ilanuCo..... 46% oisil • ■
•A3 AND KLItCTRIfJ
Capir.ju. _ 30 iracinoLietu 49 61
Cfntrau SB% - s F OJtEleo. t»% »4%
O»JH»L&a 53i/ 4 64 -locstou 13^ _^ 8
fiwtm Imp H9 B2
i.N»oitAStx rrocKi
j Flreman'sFdlß3% — |
comm »«« v-. ,<;^ •;^*;;v. "
B^SfrtC*' 6 ° om- Flr " National 11*186
Ca^bD&T^in^ 2 *° i-oudonPdkA.l27Vil3l
luib^J:! co 10 6 _ ilerchKx.... 12 —
■Avara* iu.vk sto^.ci.
I ««'i^ < tr J C0..1340 - I5»av«l«»n. _ ioj
; HnmbS<fcL,.lioi _ Security 250 800
• t » tn " i -: 88 40 . Uniourru*t.S7<J 10U0
BTKKRT KAIUOAD STOCKS.
••viWlUjl *TOCK».
Atlantic n 11. 17 iG'.antCox... : 0 31
' California.... 80 110 IVl^om. 40c 80c
1 Kuateral»._ 80 — !
! tflviixAXHOiri «-m~<c»
--1 Alufem fler*. 100 108% VinCo.. - 7%
( Ger l>ad Co. 100 140 >ceanlcS3Co 20 24
HawC&bCo.. 121 i j«i 1 Pac Aux A. 214 3V 3
Uuich^Poo 12 ;xy. PaeßoraxCa U9 —
Aleii'-iAasu.. 9u — |Parf PiUatUa bi/g —
bALES MOBNINti HXIHUOS.
Board—
25 Contra Costa Water 37 50
»2000 Market-st Ky Con t.% Bond.. 106 25
60 Mutual Jtlectric Light » 50
Street—
$3000 8 P <fc P Railway Bonds 102 25
BALES — ArTKBXOOX HKOUIOS.
Board—
60 Hawaiian Commercial 12 75
50 do do 12 62%
150 do ao . „.... 12 50
5i Hntchlnson SPOo. " ... . z*2 00
$HOOO Marker Ry Con 5X Bonds, b 5. . 106 -'5
25 Oakland eias 63 76
60 S FUas<£ Electric Co 94 00
10 SFuaalljrht 2 50
15 SV Water 97 75
10 Cal Safe Deposit. 107 00
15 Mutual Kleciric - a 62%
$2000 Omnibus Cable Bonds. 120 75
esFsavlngs Union 452 60
EEAL ESTATE TRANSAOTIONS.
J. F. Turner et als. (by commissioner) to
J. J. Fagan, lot 011 S line of VaMejo street, 15K E
of l'o:k, W 58, S 87-.J, X 38:10y 8 , NEB9:6»i:
550. 0.
James J. and Alice Fagan to American Rank
I and Tiusl Company of San Francisco, same: $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Jacob
Froweufeid (executor of the estate of h.manuel L
UoldsteiD), int on MX corner of Suiter and Gough
Streets. B 137:6x'.37:tt; $47,500.
l'allant Banking Company to Eugene and .Ju
lienne Dumonteile, Io: on NX corner ot Uaycs and
l.oti streets, E 50 by .N 100; also lot on .V line of
Hayes street. 50 F- of lott. E 25 by N 1U0; $10.
Ku?ene and Julienne Dnmontelle to John O
j Hasshagen, lot on NX corner of Hayes street and
Central avenue (Lott), X 75 by N 100: fltt
I Catherine Casey to Margaret Cailins, lot on sk
I line of Sheridan street, 130 K£ of Tenth, NX 25
I by SK 100; |10.
Robert B. Woodward to William H. Bagge, lot
: on E line of Jessie street, 262 S of Thlrieenth, a
25 by E 70. SlO.
1 John and K. Klenora Keiso to John Kelso Com
pany, lot beginning 100 S of s\V corner of How
ara and Eighteenth streets. S 90 by W 122:6: SlO.
Same to same, lot on B\V line of Nineteenth
(Butte) and Florida streets, B bB:9 by W 50: also
! lot on SE line of Kieb-.eenth (Solano) and F.orlda
I street!, S 100 by E 200; also lot on b line of Hau
! coclc street, 110 X of uanchez. E 200 by S
i 114: also lot on NWllneof Vicksburg and Twtß-
I ty-lifih streets, >' 114 by W 76; also v ndlvided
I one-half portion of block 12, bounded by Harri
son, .Nineteenth Alabama and Twentieth
j (Nnpa) streets: a. so undivided one-half, .SE corner
! of Twentieth i. Napa) s reet and l'otrero avenue.
18 153 by X 200; also utidiv.ded two-thirds Si-;
corner 01 Chestuut and Kearny streets. E 183:4, S
68:9, W 91:8, « 45:10, W 91:8, N 114:7; also undi
vided three-quarters on sW line of Lombard aud
I Montgomery streets, s 137:6 by W 137:6: *10.
1 same to same, lot on Intersection of S line of
Oreen street and \V line of Scott, W 110 by S 55;
also lot en \V line of tkott street, 82:6 S of Green,
S 56 by W 110; »10.
~.t ■: eto Emma X, Kelso, lot on s line of Army
Jtn-ei. J'J7 X of Foisom, S 178:6, E 25, N to - line
of Army, W 10 beginning; a.ao lots 1496 to 1499,
! Gilt Map 4: $5.
Isaac B. Beicher and John H. Jewett, trustees of
the estate of William C I'.elchei. to Kmma 11.
Crew, lot on S line of o'Farrell street, 200:3 W of
I Jones, \V 22:11 by S 137:6: 87500.
Homester.d Union to Harry Stone, re-record
I 154S d 63, N of A street. 107:6 \V of Twenty-
I fourth avenue, W 25 by N 100 $10.
I Joseph and Maria Kberle to John E. Eberle, lot
1 2 of subdivision of 50-vara lots 247 to 253, P. V.
I lands; $10.
bame to Margaret Bissett, lot 26 of subdivision
1 of same: $10.
; Charles C. Beck to Herbert \V. Beck, lot 7.
I block 533. Bay View Homestead, also lot 7,
I block 71, Excelsior HomesiCKd; 910.
AT.AMKDA COUNTY.
Anastastla Hanernn to James K. Haberlln, lot
I on Sline of Ooss sireat, 130:71/2 Wol Pine. W 50
, by S 100;4i a. being lots 27 auu 2.-, block 37, map I
' of lands at oaklauu Point ferry landing, Oakland;
! gift.
George C. and Eunice R Kaufman to Peter
Thomson, lot on X line of Franklin street, 68 N cf
' Delger. or Twentieth, thence SE 85.40. NE 48,
I NW 82:6:*, s4B to beginning, block 2161, Oak
| land; 910.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Marie
Turin, loi 70 In pat 40, Mountain View Ceme
tery, Oakland; 567.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Herman M.
i Hagerman, loi 011 E Hue of Bruco street, 190 H of
I Bancroft war, H 35 by E 110, being the N 30 feet
; of lot 25 mi 1 8 6 feet of lot 26. block I, Bryant
Tract. Berkeley; »5.
M. B. Blake to John Hinkel. lot on i: line of
1 >lihimi k avenue, 35.34 .-> of AlUton way, X
193.65. N 135, W 184.06, S 135.34 to beginning,
being a portion of Blake Tract Map 3, lie.teley;
*10.
F. K. Khattuck to John W. Havens, lots 1 to 6,
' block 22, shaltu k Tract Map 5, Berkeley; 910.
William J. Lajnnaoce 10 Mrs. X J. Appieby,
; lots 13, 14 an 1 16, block 8. map of resubai vision
; of lois :i blocks 1 to 4, 6 to l.i and 20, Warner
Tract. Brooklyn Township, subject 10 a mortgage
; fors64bO; $10.
Domingo da It. and Belmeda da Kosa Vieira to
J. H aid Anna J. Sllva, the E 24.91 feet of lot 7
and ail of lot 11. Armstrong 1 ract. Hay wards.
{ I- lien ToAnshlp; $10
MKi.ael Clark to Kdwunt J. Clark, lot beginning
at a point wnere the -E corner o: lauds of Michael
C arii and the N X corner of lands of John Carr in
tersect W line of A inert n:i street. W 160, N 50. E
150. m 60 to beginning, town of Hay war. :s. Eden
'J'owi.«.taip; $10.
11. H. litcfcer to Beu dito Mesa, lot on NE line
! of First street. 2^5:4 NE fiom intersection of
I i irst street ana N line of >priug sir>et, thence SK
lt>0:l, -NE 60, NW 190:1. »W 60 10 becinntng,
l>ortl»n of an unnumbered plat. I'leasanton liome-
I sieads, Murray Towoabfp $10(*.
[ John and E. K. Keito 10 John Kelso Company,
' lot on NE corner of Fourteen: h and Jefferson
ttracta X 160 by R 103:9, being lois 10, 11 and
I.'. block 264. Casserly TracL Oak. and: $10.
lierirand b> and K!iznb«th F. Wllsou to Wil
liam Meins, lot on E line of Fouith street, 94 N of
I Altsou, N 50 by E 125, being porilun ot lots 14 to
li. block 107. 1 ract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement . siociaiion, Berkeley: $5.
John Keiso to t-.mma H_ Kelso, lots 2, 3, 5 to 8,
block 22, mnp of Fltchburg Homestead lots,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Lydia A., r.diih, James X., F. H., Ethan, Min
-1 me. Alma and Clyde Zuuiwalt (by Commissioner)
to Minnie l*. Cialludo, loa IS and 16, Roberts' ad
dition to town o: lrvlugton, Washineton Towu
«tnp: •:'■<>■'
I Margaret and Louise c. Paul and Barbara Kreel
I to t rcdenck Lawrence, b ock 180, map of town of
■ Newark, Washington Inwn-hip; $10.
•— ♦ — •
A Chinese writer 13 waging war against
the practice of loot-binding. "Meu should
not despise girls with natural feet," he
says; "Chinese women nave bouiid feet
and are too weak even to bear the weignt
of their own clothes. They think it looks
nice, but in reality it does not look nice,
and weakens toeir bodies, often causing
death. "
TH£ CALL CALENDAR.
April, 1897.
\v.
8».
jrx New V.ii
<& April 1.
7
'■*
n
13
IS
10
17
iCt Full Mood.
v£7 April 16.
a a
20
37
UCKAN sTKAMUKg,
Data* of IVpnrl m .. From San Francl««o.
JITKAMKR | I>KSTIN-AT|i>N. j
H*lt/l.
| riKR.
uuicu: i
aralloti !
omer |
ureka j
eapmen. . . '
:aceof Cal . '
tarlnii
rizaba
0n0wa1... . '
■nil ii..!i li '
in'.k Kosa.
J i-.ei Kiver
Yaauina Bar.
Coos Bay
Newport
1 Panama.......
l'ortlana
Coos Mar
Mexico
Sydney
, ll una bold ßay
♦'an Diego
Urecoo ports..
Humboldtßav
coos Bar
China & Japan
Vie& I'm tsaa
.Newport
] Portland
i -»n 1Hrc0. ....
Apr 27. 9 it
Ape .'.' 9* v I
Apr iß.la ii
Apr 'JB, 9au <
Apr 28,1^ »
Apr .Mil**
Apr 29. 12m !
Apr 29.1Uam
Apr 29, 2ru
I Apr Vi 9, 'iru
! Apr 30. Jl Ay
i Apr M. 9au
1A pr SO. •- v ;
May I.lOau
Mar 1. li-m
I May 1. Dam
May 2. Pau!
May S.IUAM 1
M.iv 4.11 am
! Pier 1 1
! Pier I
Plar 13
I HIM 11
PMHI
I Pier i*
Pier 8
I Pier 11
Pier 7
i Pier :*
Pier 11
' Pier 13
i I'ler •
■Mar L I
I'M S!
Pier i
i Pier 11
1 Pier 24
j Pier 11
UK.... I
am |
ity Peking ;
Ity t'uebia
oon 8ay.. . .
olumbla .. j
oron«
MKAMt.i:> TO AKKIVE.
steamer
liuic
xtomer
Crescent City...
Humboldt
City Puebla....
City ot Everett.
AUceßlanmard
t-anta Kosa
Czarina
Mackinaw
Del None
Areata
Ban 8in5........
Wellington... .
Pomona..
Coos Bay
Colombia
Doric :
feu noi..
Track**
Pro crea0. .......
Florida
Chilkat
MlDeola
Walla Walla...
Corona
North Fore ...
Knreka.. .. .
Coos Bay
Crescent City..
Humholdi Bay
Victoria A Fuget Hoana
Xanalmo....
I'ortland
dan Diego -
Coos Bay
Tacoma.. - ■
urays Harbor.
Coos Hay
' Panama..'
i Departure Bay
! Humboldt Bay
j Newport
I P0rt1and. ...... ..........
China and Japan
Grays Mart.or
TUlamook Bay
Seattle...
Departure Bay
Kei Hlver
T.tconia
Victoria « i'uicet swan J
Han Diego
liumboid'. Bay...
i Newport
|..Apr J7
..Apr 17
..Apr VJ7
I.. Apr U7
1.. Apr 27
| ..Apr 28
i ..Apr --
..Apr 28
..Apr '^8
..Apr .9
..Apr '.'9
..Apr J9
..Apr 29
..Apr 29
..Apr 30
Apr 30
..Apr 80
..Apr 30
..Apr 30
..Apr 80
..Apr 30
..May 1
..May L
May 2
. May 2
..May 3
t May 4
6t.N, JIOOX A>U 'X'lliK.
Vjtrrr.n STATICS coast AXD rkop^tic Sn*vjrr
Timei AMO HiiaHn or Hl«B A!CD I,OW
Waters at *ort Point, Entrancb to
t*.s Fkancijioo Bat. ■ Publhhko by Orn-
CXAI. ACTHOBIT or THX BCPKBIKTKNDKtTT.
Kotk— Tb« high tuiit low water* oooax h tttt
City Front (Mlssin^-streec Wharf) about twentr
tlve minuies is:«r than at Fort loiut. uo uelttu
of tide Is iv» same at both places.
April— lß9 7.
Tuesli-. April 27.
"nn rise* 6. 17 'M00n rl*«* 2.57 am
Bunsetn &57i.M00n sets..."..
I II™ Feet jll^j Feet JILT ! Feet I!^i Feet
w '- wi i H _ \v ! ! I. vvj H wj
*2I -•&«> i 2.01 7.4U 4.01 1j4! 1.0 ft.381 iT?
27 1 2.60 3.4; 8.55 4.0 a. 1 1 1.4 9.07 1 4.8
28 3.33 1.0 1 9.64 4.11 3.14 1.7. 9.35 5 0
29, 4.08| 0.5 10.42 : 4.0 3.41 2.1 9.68 5.0
30 4.41 O.i 11.30 3.8 4081 2.6 10.20 6.0
1| 5.09 — 0.3 12.16 3.6 4.32 2.8, 10.40 6.0
Notk— In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, aud the successive tides of the day In the
Order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column ulves the xecond tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column Rives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•cenrs. Tbe heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States CoasC Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, find then the number Riven Is subtract! ve
from the <I«»r>'h ir'ven by The churl*.
i>uillh 1O il.\i;i.M'.i;>
A branch or tba United Slates Hydrograpbto
Office located Id the Merchant*' Exchanee Is
maintained In Baa Francisco for tbe beneflt of
mariners without regard to nationality and (re* of
nimiiM
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tbe
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of th« world are kept on binir or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
Tbe time ball on lop of tbe building on Tele
graph 11111 Is hoisted about ten minntes before
ooon, and Is dropped at noon. 1 20 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from tbe
United States Kaval Observa.ory ai Mare Island
Cal.
A notice stating whether tbe time ball was
Cropped on time, or giving the error. If nay, U
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
tad by the morning papers the following day.
W. a fluomta,
Lieutenant. TJ. 8. N., In caarga.
The Time Ball.
BXA2TCR BTDROSBAPRIO OFPIOK, U. 3. If.*)
MERCHANTS' EXCHANOK >-
San Francisco. April 26. 1897. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hlh was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— L <*.. a; noon of the 120lh
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Oreenwlrb time.
- :. W. H. HDBEB,
Lieutenant U. H. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY. April 26.
Stmr Crescent City. Allen, 32 hour* from Cres
cent CHv: pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall <k Co.
btmr - Westport, Jacobs, Tl hours from Bear
Harbor; r r tie*, to Pollard A Dod
Stmr Protection, Ellefsen, 64 hours from fas
pur, bound soutti. i"ut in with water-logged schr
Klvenia la tow.
Stmr Eureka. Parsons, 70 hours from Newport
and way i-oria; pass and muse, to Goodall, Perkim
Co.
stmr Laguna, Peterson, 49 hours from Hue
neme; produce, to lu.l.iri <fe Dodge.
S.rar Alex Duncau. Wllllus, 90 hours from San
D.»-»;o and way ports; livestock, to Goodall, Ferk
lns <& Co.
Bark Vidette, Dodd. 7 days from Tacoma; 640
M ft lumber, to byzDee A Clark.
Br baric Sombawa, Garner. >jl days from Hone
kons; radae. to S L Jones A Co.
*chr O M Keilosg. Iverson, 49 days from Apia;
conra. to Williams. Dimond <fe Ca
Schr Ocean Spray, Steinborn. 24 hours from
Iversens Landing; 100 eds wood, to X Iversen.
Scnr Elvenla, Johnson, fl4 hours from Caspar;
lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co. In tow of stmr
Protection.
Schr John A. Heliqulst, 2 days from Eureka:
290 M ft lumber, to Pacltlc Lumber Co.
Schr Conflanza, w . Wilson. 3 days from Coos
Bay; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
tlearrd.
MONDAY. April U6.
Stmr Corona, Jepsen. San Diego; Goodall, Perk
ins A Co.
liark Kurus E Wood, McLeod, N anal John
F.oteufeld's Bons.
• Sailed.
MONDAY, April 28.
Stmr Corona, Jepsen. San Diego.
Stmr Umatllla. Hunter. Victoria and Port Town
send.
Stmr Protection. Ellefsen. southern coast.
Blmr Weeott. Miller, Fort Bragg.
btmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
Mmr Point Arena, Jotnison. Mendoclno.
Stmr Greenwood. Facerlund.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart.
Schr Lizzie Prien. Anderson, Grays Har*»
Kchr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson,
lelegraph ic.
roiNT LOR"S. April 26-10 p. m.- Weather
fogey: wlud SW; Veloci;* 20 .mv.»*
Spokfin,
Mar 20--Lat 29 s, ions: 44 W, Br ship Celtic
Monarch, from Llverpoo., for San FrancUco.
Jan 20-Lat 25 *. long 124 \\ , Bt bark Crlffel,
from Oregon, for Qneenstown.
Apr iO-Lat J9 N. ion* 66 56 W. ship S c Hitch
cock, from Honolulu, (or New York.
Apr 1 1-Lat 36 27 N, long ship El Capltan,
from Baltimore, tor San Frauclsco.
Domontlc Port*.
EUREKA— SaiIed Apr 26-Stmr Humboldt for
San Francisco.
BOW E.NS LANDING— SaiIed Apr 20-Schr Cor
inthian, •or san Franclsca
COOs BAY— Arrived Apr 26— Btmr Czarina, hca
BEAR HARBOR-Salled Apr 25-Stmr West
port, for >h:i Franrisco.
GRAYS HAKBOR-salled Apr 24-Schr Orion
for Ban Francisco: schr Fortuna, for Han Francisco
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Apr 26-Bcbr John D
Tallant, from Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSKND-Arrived Apr 26-Bktn
Skaglt. from Honolulu.
UMPQUA-Sailed Apr 25-Schr Lily, for Han
Francisco.
IVEKSKXS LANDING-Sailed Apr 24-Scnr
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco.
FOKT BRAGU— sailed Apr 26— Stmr Rival for
San Kranrlsro.
PORT GAMBLE-Arrtved Apr 28— Bktn Skaglt,
from tori Townseud.
SAN PEDRO-Arnved Apr 26-Stmr Nararro
from KuivKa. . : . .
i-a N niKOO— Arrived Apr 26— Schr Sequoia, fm
Grays Harbor.
mailed Aiir 26— Schr Laura May, for Portland.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Apr 22— Schr Jas
A Garfield. from Alaska.
Foreign Portl.
NEWCASTLE. NSW -Sailed ADr 25-Br ihlp
Iloipo.lar. fur San Francisco.
FKEMANTLE— Arrived Apr 24— 3chr Lyman
D Foster, from Puget Sound.
HONGKONG— Arrived Apr 24— Brstmr Mount
Lebanon, irom Oregon; stmr Peru, hence Mar 23.
Sailed Apr 22— Br simr Belglc. for ban Fran-
Cisco.
YOKOHAMA— BaIIed Apr 22— Br stmr China,
for 'in Fianotsro.
QUECNSTOWN— SaiIed Apr 24— Br ship Cabul,
for Hull; Br sblp County of Iladdlngton.for Car
diff.
BROWHKAD— Passed Apr 24— Br ship Icver
coe. hence Dec 10. for Queenstown.
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— SaiIed Apr 24
— Schr Maggie C Russ, for Port Townsend.
I in j>» rttx t i o n
NEWPORT— Per Eureka— 22o6 sks barter, 89
bxs oranges, 1 cs clieese 1 sk asbestos.
East San Pedro -2 sks seed, 32 bxs oranges, 3
bzs lemons. 20 bxs tinplate.
San Pedro— l cs dry goods. 1 cs paper, '2 bdls !
cmnions, i 2 secilojs harrows, a bdls teeth, 6 pkgs '
mdse.
Hueneme— 2 bxs butter, 1 pkg castings.
Ventura— l bx nuts, 12 bales seaweed, Ibx but
ter. 877 orances. W bxs lemons, 4 bxs stereo
type plates. 6 bxs loquots.
Carplnterla— til bbls i 8 bxs asphaltum.
Santa Barbara— lb sks horns. 119 bxs lemons. 3
pkgs mdse, 89 bxs oranges, 9 bbls mineral water.
Gaviota— ls sks crawUsh, 6 bxs butter, Ics tin
ware, 7 pkKS spades, 70 ski wool. 1 b.ll pelts.
Port Harford — 17 bxs fish, Ics canned goods, 17
cs ezi<». '-8 cans tallow, 28 bdls hi ies and pelts, 34
bxs 1 flrklu -' kezs butter. 7 Dkgs mdse.
LompOJ— 46o sks bar:ey.
Layucos— 2 tubi 149 bxs butter. 12 cs eggs, 10
flasks quicksilver, 12 dressed calves.
Mm Mmeou— s tubs lU6 bxs butter. 6cs eggs, 22
dressed calves, sks abalones Isk beans.
Monterey— 6o bdls hides and pelts, Ibx butter
2 bbis tnliow.
CAYUCOS-I'er Alex Duncan— 2B7 hogs.
San Slm?on— 3o3 hogs.
Port liarlord— l47 hogs.
Hueneme— 1 lot junk.
Gavlota- sheep.
Lornpoc Landln<— 169 sks barley, 28 hoes.
UUKNKMt;— Per Laguua-109 bales wooL 2537
sks corn.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— kes
23 bxs butter, 23 bdls hides, 2 cs mdse, 1 hv ma
chtnery, — M ft lumber. '
tonnien-ti.
Laifuna-H Dutard; Erlanger & Gallnrer- j
Roienberij. s •
I Per Alex Dun can -Goon all. Perkins & Co; Ford
A Fust: H Dutard: Western Meat Co; X J Draier
south San Francisco PacklnK and Provision in'-
C E Whitney & Co ; S Silverberg TOVlßlon <-<>.
Per Eureka-H Dutard : Geti Bros&Co- Frank
Mott: Campodonico& Malcolm; D Blagl & Co- j H
Cala &.L0: i.niiuu je Ky ; Baker i Mnii.iitr.M- t
A Allen; Hllmer, Bredhofl ASchulz; D M Osborne
K. Co; Enterprise Brewery; Mlnaker & Welhanir«.
Blake, Moffitr <S Towne: l'od c. sweenev ACo ri
M osborne & Co; Wleland Brewing Co: Alivy &
Co; Baker A Hamilton; « lfapl!e " sp ri : , BS >r.ne.a^
W ater: Immel A Co; L Scatena & Co: OR A N Co
j Demartlni; Wetmoro Bros; oeo R Starr- Alca
traz imp Co; OB Smith &Co • Amer Press Assn-
Levi Spiegel &Co ; Garcia /M«g.nl- im rto"'^
Tetzeu; APaladlni: American Uulon Fish Co: W
Cline: Dauon Bros; Tom stretch: J B Ineuslia-
San Francisco Calcium Li«ht - o; Christy A Wise!
ThosDenlgan Son A Co: GoodaU. Perkins A Co • s
Levy & Cj; Marshall A Relmcrs: F B Halght- J H
Kesslnj: Pt.uip 1 oaae; Norton. Teller A Co: Pac
m t vtl,\ Co: Wheaton. Breon A Co; MUani A Co;
MTFreitas&Co: Martin, Feusier A Co; A Wyw
Dalrymen s Union; Wltzel <fc Baker: Hills Bros; B
U Kuhl: H Dutard: Wellman. Pec< A Co: F Ur A
I .o : Hooker A Co : De Bernard 1 A Co; M Coitello-
Kowa.s.y- ACo; Sawyer Co; Russ. Ear.y
A Co; W 0 Price A Co; H Kirchmann A Co; Mark
? »V A J i n e ; Ross Hewlett; It Dallaman A
Co; Marshall. leggartACo; J H Newbauer A- Co-
Standard UU C ; HN 1 llden A Co- Blsslncer %Co •
Schweitzer A Co; Western Meat Cof W Alever "
Per Crescent Clty-Uiimer, • redhoff A J-cLuiz-
Dodce, Sweeney ACo Hobba, Wall ACo- j HorT
maa; F B Halgdt; TiUmann A Bendel- RD Hume
wSr^JkSL* **" s BlttaMi Btrau " * h>»«!
RATXROAP TRAVEQ
SOI'THKKK IM(IKI<: j COM PASY.
- ; (paoifio SVsTtM.I •■
Tr»lni» le»v«> innl m-« <lii<* l<> nrrlve at
■san I'K.tNCIM'O. .
(Main Line, Foot of Markq Street.) _'
leave — From Arr.iL IS, 1897. — arbtv*
"•6:OOa Niles, San Jose and W:.-, .-Statiuns... 9:45 a
7:OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogileu and Kaitt.. sslA p
7:OOa Benicia, Vacaville, Tlutcscy. Sacra-
mento, Oroville and Kedding via
Davis 0:43p
7:30 a Martinez, Sun Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Banta Rosa 6:15p
SiSOANiles, San .luse. Stockton. lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tehamaandßed lilufT 4:l»p
I •8:3Oa Peters aud Milton '. *7:15p
I 9:I»Oa New <irleaus i;x]ner:i,3lcrce<l. lirsno,
BakerslieM, SunU Uarhara, l^.s
Angeles, Deminp, lil Paso, New
Orleans and Kast 4:15p
9:OO Martinez and Stockton -l:l.".p
»:OOa VaUejo 6:13p
Niles, San Jose, Livennore and
Stockton 7sl3p
•l:OOp Sacramento ltirer Steamers "!»:OOp
l:OOp Nilt«, San Jose and Livermore 8:15 a
fl :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations Isp
4:00p Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistogn, V.I Verauo aud
KunUllosa U:l3a
4iOOp Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marynville, Oro-
villc aadSacnmauto 11:13 a
1 30 Lathrop. StocktoD, Modesto, Mer-
ced, Haymond (for Yoseniite), and
Freano, going via Nilcs, returning
via Martintz 11:45 a,
5:OOp Augelcs Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Mojavo (for Randsburz),
Santa Itarbara an.l Los itngwlsa. 7:43 a
SiUOp Hanla I'd Koiite, Atlantic Kxpross
for Mojavo nuil I-iwt 7:43 a,
6:OOc Bnropean Mail, o|ilen and Kast.... »:4.-»a.
fiiiiitr Haytvardß, NUesauU San Jose 7:43 a
17:O«i- Vallejo |7:43p
7:UOf Ureeon i:xpress,Sacriiineuto, Marys-
vllle, Uetidliig, l'ortlauil, Puget
S.iiiii.lmi.l Kant 11:13 a
bi\ LKA.NUIU) AMI HAVHAKOS LUtAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
t*«:iMU 1 ( 7:13 a,
■:O«a Jlelrose. Seminary P«rk, JS'liJ*
io.ooa Kitchburg, Llnihurst, lIHSa
«II:OOa San Leamlro, South Ban 12:45p
:i a-oop Leandro, Estudillo, |a!«^
i3:OOp }■ Lorenzo. Cherry \ 4:45p>
4:OOp ' (3:l3p>
5:O«p and 4>:lsp-
-3:30p Havnards. 7:43p>
7:OOp . BaMp
JJ:OOp i RunB tnrol to Niles. .SSS"
!»:OOp j Krom Niles lO:5Op
ttll:l.-»l^ ' t ' romJ<lle3 - 12:00^
SAM.I (1(1/ DIVISION (.Narrow Uauge;.
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7:45a Santa Cruz ICxcursion, Santa Cruz *
and Principal Way Stations ;B:O3v'
a: 13a Newark, l>nlfivillc,San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5:30
•2:15p Newark. Centerville, Han Jose, New .
Altnaden, Felton, Doulder Creek,
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way
Stations *I1:2OA4
4:13p Newark. San Jose and Loa flatos . . . o:soa}
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SAN F&INCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
*7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:QO t3:0»
•4:00 tB:0O •6:00 p.m.
rromOmiHD— Foot «f Brotdwiy.— 'o:oo 8:00 10:00
tl2:00 *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 ti:00 *3:00p.m«
COAST i>I VISION (Tlilnl X Toitiihcihl Sis.)
7:UOASau Joko ami Way Statious (New ;
Almadeu Wednesdays only) 1:30f
9:OOa Sail .1...,,- Tre* Piuos, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso llobles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Kurt" and
Priucipal Way Stations 4:15p
10: to* San Joso and Way Stations 6:3Op>
I1:3Oa Palo Alto aud Way Statious 3:OOp
■Mir San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Sallnaa,Monterey PacilicGrove *IO:4OA
•3:»Op San .lone and Wuy Stations 9:43 a
•*:3»rSan Joaeaud Way Stations *S:o3a
3:UOi- Sau Jose an<l Principal Wuy Statious •8:43 a
6:»Op San Jose aud Way Stations 0:33 a:
t11:45f Sau Jose an.l Way Stations -t~;43p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
*Sun'layaexcepted. { Sundays only. 1 Saturdays only
U Monday. Thiirnday and Saturday nights only.
SAS FRAKCISCO & KORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburou Ferry-Foot of Market SS.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.- 12-3"S
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. v. Thursdays-Eitra trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Kxira trips at I:SJ
1 and 11:30 p. ic
I SUNDAYS— S:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; I:3a 3:3*
fi:00, 6:20 p. ml.
San Karael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11-10 a \r •
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:1 a. m.; 1:40 3:l»
6:00, 6:25 P. v.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parlt saraa
schedule as above,
San Francisco. ApfiT^B. \ Pan t-randsca
Wekk j Snx- u sUnliton. | Sait - I Week
Days. | days, destination. [ I(AYg> | Day^
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am I 8:40 am
3:3opm 9:30 am| Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm ; 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
I~ZI Fulton, '
7:30 am Windsor, 10:'J5*ii
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am| Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pic
Pieta, "
7:3oam Hopland <& •-:•■> 10:25
3:30 pm I 8:00 am Ukiuh. 7:35 pm 6:22 pic
7:30 am i '■ ~ 10:25
! 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm I 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am I 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen KUen. 6:10 pm| 6:22pbc
7:30 am; 8 am| genastooo, 110:40 ami 10:25 a*
B:3opm|s:oopm aeoaslopol - | 6:10 pm| 6:22px
Stases connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at (Jeyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and Lakeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blua
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. Jonn Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, sanhetlrin Heights. Hullvtlle, Boonevllle,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brace.
Westport, TJsal. B>
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoel
rates. .»i, -
On Sundays ronnd-trip tickets to all pointa ba-
yond San Bafael at half rates.
Ticket Officea, 650 Market at., Chronlclp r»n!l<lln«.
A.W.FOSTER, X.RYAN.
Preg. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe *Sl^g6?s
THURHD*AYH the first- A£l§sii#§4»«
class Pullman sleeping-car |BS<a«MKE3Sa
leaving at 5 P. m. connects WBt^B^KaiygMH
at jH»rstow with the Hanta uSnTJ^araSS^U
Fe limited train carrying liTll*"JFjnjjOW
di'lng-car, buffet smoklnK- m^^Brp±&l&^K%
cur and Pullman palace jj**|S~\iSfc«Trr^|^C
<3r:iwlnj:-room V.eeplng-rars VS^JW^Q*; S\
for both Chicago and St. p^"*** l^JfH9l
Louis via Kansas City. ...:~, :
.T- Uayi to Chicago or St. Louli.
4J£ Days to New York.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves dally at Dp. m. Pullman palace drawing-
room, also modern upholstered tourist sleeplnr-
cars, through 10 <. htcago via Kansas City. Annex
cars for Denver and St. Louis.
Boston excursions via Kansas City, Cnicatto,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday; »t. Haul ezcnrslons every Sunday,
Ticket Office, 644 Market »rre»t, i hron-
Icle buildiuK lelepbone Main 1531.
KORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
iViii Sausalito F«rry).
Asm Ban Francisco, Commencing Sepu 13, 1890>
WEKKDAYB.
Tor Mill Valley and San Rafael— l3s, •9:1BL
! 11:U0a. m.: n:45. 3:45, •5:15. •3:45.<i:30 P.M.
Kxtra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, \V.-iiu-»
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Bafael— «8:00, "10:08
•11:30 a.v.: 'UHO, 3:00, «4:30. 615 F. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Keyes and way stations— 7:2s a. M.
Weekdays, BMO a. v. Sundays, 1:45 p. m. datnr*
**?•• ,
tmr Casadero and way stations— 7 :2s a. m, vt*ek>
Cays; 1t45 r. m. Saturdayq. -
i THE VV FR4HCISIO IID -81S JO1(UII
VALLEY RAILWAY COIPAIY. •
FROM APKIL 15. 1897, passenser trains will
run dally: .r<-»', . .
bcu'.hbouud. Stations. Northbound
7:20 a. m Stockton 5:10 p. v
9:49 a. M Merced 3:14 p m.
ll:tOA m Fresno 1:10 M
For Intermediate stations see time-table.
Connecting stenmboats of the (1 N. «fe L Co.
leave San Francisco and Stockton at 6 i. M. daily.
Connects at Merc«*u with .stages irom Suellluzs.
Coultervllle. Voaemltp. Marlpnsa. etc.
MOUNT TAMALPAISr
Trains connect with. North Pacifla
Coast Railroad. Paciao
WEKK DAVB-u-ave 9. F. 9:11 A m W\ . „
Returning— S. f. 3:35 p m' c.'* n »' «
BUN DA V S.F. 8 a M 11:S0am i "30 f m!
Beturnlng-Arrlve S.F.I p.m 4-20 p m 7^k » If"
Tickets for sale In MiU Valley or 7.35?.^
miii THOS. CO i <t SONS. 621 Market .r 8. F.
HU Valley and Mount Tamajpab >A>U w^USUFFERING FROM
A GOLD FEVER
A Nugget of Gold Found
in a Chicken at
Haywards.
Scores of Pecp'e Go Out to a
Ranch in the Homestead
and Prospect.
All Their Labor, However, Do:s Not
Projuc Any More of the
V ■ w Metal.
Oaklanp Office San Fkancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 26. j
Thero is great excitement in Haywards
to-day, and in tne vicinity of the Home
stead score? of people are eagerly examin
ing tne ground hunting for a gold mine.
On several occasions during the past
few years there have be»n indications that
gold exists in some parts of this county,
iat although camp? have often been
formed, nothing of value has been dis
covered.
Yesterday Mr. Sieboldt, the proprietor
o;" the Hay wards Villa, lound a fmall ring
get of gold in the stomach of a cuicken
that his cook was preparing for th- Sab
bath menu. It contained about $3 worth
of pure gold and naturally there was
great excitement in the quiet town. An ,
investigation was made to discover the
origin of the chicken, and it was soon
learned that it was one of a batch bought
from a Portuguese rancher in the Home
stead.
Ti;e rancber, on learning that his
chicken had been eating gold, at onca
commenced to do some prospecting. He
hunted all over his rancb looting for the !
mine from which his hen had eaten her
golden meal, tie did not find it, however,
but the search was not given up. This
morning several Portuguese went out to {
t!.e ranch and began carefully examining j
me stones and er.ivel to try to tind some I
gold. Other'- more venturesome pulled
up w> eiis and cabbaces and carefully ex
amineri t c roots, expecting to rind some
yeliow dust upon tiiem.
A- there are about fifty acres of the j
ranch there was plenty of opportunity for j
lite prospectors to put in a hard day's
work without getting in each other's way. i
and, when they compared conclusions at i
the und of the day, all were equally dis
appointed.
The facts, however, are declared to be j
absolutely true regarding tha nnding of
the nugget in the cnicken's stomacn, and
there is no explanation to be made oi the
manner in wn:ch it tot there. Local in
■.ere-t in the prospective gold mine from
*h:ch t *j*s nugeet came is not, however,
killed, and diring the next week there !
will no doubt bs all kinds of people prod- !
ding and scraping ali.over the Homestead. |
Plan t> Connect Two lioadi.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 26.— A plan is
now b ing arranged by which it is hoped
to build a loop from Trestle Glen around
by the Piedmont Spring?. This new j
piece of c ectric road would connect the
Trestl" Glsn b:a-cn of the East Oakland ,
road with the Grove-street system, and, as
both these lines are now Controlled by |
the realty syndicate, the plan will proba- j
bly be consummated.
THEY BAEED THEIR HEADS.
Som« 1 iiifii«li!iicii Attract Attention at
a Fireman* I-unorul.
OAKLAND, t'At... April 26.— Bernard J.
Stokes, the fireman who died Saturday as
the result oi injuries sustained while an
swering an alarm, was buried by his com
rades to-day.
As the procession turned from Twelfth
etrtet out Broadway a little scene was wit
nessed which waa a surprise to the crowd
c°. the sidewalk and which caused much
comment. The red-shirted fire laddies
were passing iha City Hall Park as the fire
beil from the adjoining engine-house was
beinj; solemnly tolled. A party of English
people, evidently from some shiD on the
estuary, we:e watcning Uie procession,
ami, according to the custom of their
country, they very respectfully bared tne;r
heads until tne hearse had passed. This
lit le tribute to tiie dead fireman whom
none of them knew was paid so unosten
tatiously that none of the Britishers were
aware ot the fact that their action caused
any attention.
The funeral service* were held at the
house of the deceased, where Father
Gleason officiated. The pallbearers were:
George Molfitt, Harry Moffitt, John Ho
gerty, William Kennedy, George Mul
jirew. Thomas Kane, George Hickman
and Thomas WieJand.
<orlal Ersnli of a Week.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 26.— T0-morrow
evening tbe Exempt Firemen's Associa
tion will celebrate its second anniversary
at the engine-bouse at Sixth and Clay
•■•-.'"eta.
Wednesday evening Piedmont Parlor,
N. S. G.W., will give its tenth anniversary
ONE IS A NUISANCE, THE OTHER IS NOT, IN OAKLAND.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 26.— 1n the Police Conn this morning Aaron Mocro, the colored man tuo was arrested Satur
day for violating an ordinance, was told to go and sin no more. Moore was arrested while carrying an adverti'inc device
perched on his shoulders. It was not at all an objectionable method of advertising, and when he was arrested considerable
Indignation was expressed that the drivers of wagons with hideous transparencies advertising all manner of fake sales should
be permitted to be a nuisance on the streets with impunity. For over a year an abomination of an advertising device, such
as the ordinance refers to, has been driven through the Btreets, drawn by three little mules and attended by boys hammering
drums and bells, and it has never been molested. Moore, wno is a colored man, bad only walked about the streets for two
weeJss wiien & police officer marched him to the City I±*.L
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
party ami ball at Military Hall. The
grand march will be led oft ai 9 o'clock.
The Neighborhood Club, which has for
it? object the cultivation of advanced
home methods among mothers, held its
annual reception to-night.
The State of Maine Association will hold
its next reunion at Shell Mound Park,
II iv 22. J. W. Linscott, Superintendent
of Schools in Santo Cruz County, will de
iver the oration.
A song recital will be given at the First
Unitarian Church by the Unity Club on
Friday evening next. Helen Higby,
Richard Milliken and Mrs. Ernestine
Palmer will take tne leading parts.
Odd Fellow*' Anniversary.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 26.— The Re
becca lodges celebrated the seventy-eighth
anniversary of Odd Fellowship to-day at
San Lorenzo Grove. There was a good
attendance and the celebration was Riven
for the benefit of the Odd Fellows' Home
for Orphans. Many subordinate and Ke
becca lodges from San Francisco were In
attendance and the affair passed off very
successfully.
NEW ABUSE OF THE MAILS.
An Alanieda Han Lsndi a Fresno
l>esler Id Jail.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 26.— For some
time Dast real estate circulurs from Los
Angeles have been sent to various par
i ties in Oakland, setting forth the great
! value of certain properties in that locality.
i 1 1 has ended in the arrest of E. T. Casey
j of Los Angeles for using the mails ior
I fraudulent purposes.
C. Anson Potter, who lives in Alameda,
was induced to enter into a correspond
' ence with Casey, and when he suspected
j that t'ae southern real estate dtaier was
trying to bunko him Potter tamed the
■ matter over to tne Federal authorities, who
! caused Casey's arrest for misusing the
1 mails.
This is an entirely new method of deal-
OFFICERS OF ST. MARY'S ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION.
ing with agents who send matter through
the mails describing property which is
alleged to be worthless as being of great
vaiu», and the outcome will be watclied
with great interest, for ii offers an en
lire.y new nela for prosecuting all kinds
of swindlers and will apply with equal
effect to marriage bureaus and similar
agencies.
CHIEF LLOYD'S IDEAS.
They Provoke Warm Critlclam From a
Prohibitionist.
OAKLAND, Cau, April 26.— The re
marks of Chief L'.oyd regarding the grow
ing of grass in Oakland if prohibition were
enforced is likely :o create an interesting
controversy between tne saloonistß and
anti-saloonists. A correspondent writing
to the Enquirer to-night makes the fol
lowing strong comments on Chief Lloyd's
article:
Chief Lloyd is an honest and capable officer,
unquestknuoly, bat he ta:ts too mach in
print, and hi* public views nre singularly de
ficient in good judgment »nd breadth of ob
servation. Whether ,ne total abolition of the
saloon in Oakland Is a wise policy or not may
bo a dcbatab;e <iu«s'. on, but Chief Lloyd's re
marks on the subject are both absun and mis
chievous. To say that if saloons were Closed
"grabs would crow in the streets of Oakland"
and business tic ki.ied Tould be excusable in
the hired attorney of the saloou-keep'-r.*.'
union, but is singularly unbecoming a public
official.
His duty Is to enforce the law, not to print
commentaries upon it. Grass has not grown
in Cambridge, Miss., nor in a. dozen other
towns in New England, whose population
"and manufactures excelled tho«e 01 Oakland.
On the contrary the facts and figures of these
towns show a decided increase In prosperity,
virtue and happiness. Woe be to h town
whose principal trade is the retail liquor busi
ness, and which must gaugs its prosperity by
the number cf its saloons. Contrast Sutler
County, without a single saloon for ten years
past, and also for an insignificant expense lor
criminal administration, with Yuba County,
which maintains saloons spends thou
sands annually in criminal conrts and
prisons, not to estimate the moral harm in
curred.
Chief Lloyd would do well to stick to his po
lice duties and spare us those semi-occasional
outbursts of unwisdom and new-fangled meth
ods for bringing in the millennium, especially
through the medium of the open saloon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1897.
ST. MARY`S WANTS
TO BREAK RECORDS
Prefect Lastian Has Se
cured Some Valuable
Prizes.
The Annual Field Day Will Be
an Event of Unusual
Importance.
Athletes Who Will Make New Records
Have Already Gone Into
Training.
Oakund Officb Ban Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 26. j
The athletic association oi St. Mary's
College intends to make heroic efforts to
beat some existing records at its annual
field day to be held May 6.
For more than a month the leading ath
letes of the college have been earnestly
training, anc . they are determined that
nothing on their part shall be lacking to
uphold the honor of their college, so that
if they do not make any new records it
will be beer.use they are physically unable.
Brottier Lastian, the prefect of tbe col
lege, is personally taking a great interest
in the field aay, and be has obtained
many valuable prizes for the successful
competitors. A handsome cold medal
will bs awarded to the winner of the 105
--yard championship, which race always
eiciies great interest at 6t. Mary's. One
oi the most interesting features of the day
will be a tug of war between two team 9 to
be selected from the students, and as
there is a good number of athletic young
fellows to select from the contest cannot
possibly be tame.
Frank bilva '98 will be in chartre of one
team and William McCartney will captain
tbe other side. An additional attraction
will be provided this year by the college
brass band. It has been considerably aug
mented and new interest has been >hown
in it by the student?, and under the direc
tion of Professor Fchorcht it has attained
a hi-_'ii degree of prchciency. The band
will be on the campus during theexercises
und will enliven the proceedings with a
cuoice programme.
In the evening a musical and literary
programme will be given by the pupils in
the college auditorium. This will be fol
lowed by the distribution of prizes to the
successful athletes. The day's proceed
ings will terminate with the annual ban
quet, which will be held in the dining
hall.
The officers of the College Athletic Asso
ciation wo ure in charge of the Held day
exercises are; J. "VV. Solen '97, Redwood
City, president; J. F. Cone '97, Montana,
vice-president; B. J. Fiood '97, Hollister,
secretary; T. H. Donovan '98, Hollister,
treasurer; William J. Rattigan '98, San
Francisco, field captain.
President Solen is very anxious that the
club should distinguisn itself on this occa
sion, for after several years' connection
with college athletics he will sever his
connection with St. Mary's this year, it
beinn the time for his class to graduate.
"We have some excellent material at
the college," he said to-day, "and we shall
be very much disappointed if we do not
set some new marks lot others to reach."
LOOP L HES.
The Knllroad Willing to Consider a
Plan to So Aw:»v With a
Bridge.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 26.— The rail
road company has given out an intima
tion that it is ready to consider a proposi
tion looking toward the operation of its
trains in Alameda by a loop line, «o as to
avoid the necessity for a:i expensive
briiige across the estuary, as at present.
It is willing to consider the matter and
put an engineering force in the field at
once to ascertain just how the problem
can be me:.
Briefly, the plan is to lay a third rail on
the local roads and to extend the [ recent
narrow-gauge from the west end of the
San Leandio Bay bridge around to a junc
tion with the broad-gauge line from Park
street to Fruitvale. With tht* connection
trains over the brond and narrow eauee
lines would start from the present narrow
eauge pier. The broad-gaugo would de
flect from the narrow-gauge road at Rail
road avenue and make the same stops as
at present; but instead o! stopping at
Park street ami going back, it would keep
on aronnd to Fruitvn'e, and then over the
Oakland local to the mole. Other trains
would leave the broad-gauge mole and
come to Alameda over the route just de
scribed, bringing up at the nurrow-gauge
mo'e.
Over the present narrow-gauge line the
same lystem would be followed, so that
no matter which way a train was running
through Alameda it would finally arrive
at one of the moles. Much time lon in
waitin : for trains would thus be *BV<»d,
there would be an absence of the over
crowding at certain hoars of morning and
1 night and no bridge would be required
j acrossthe estuary.
It is probable that tho trustees will ap
point a committee to confer with the rail
-1 road about the matter. The people of the
| eastern portion of this city are strongly in
favor ot the plan, as it would give them
transportation facilities of which they aro
ai present deprived.
M.ifii.-d i City Trustera
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 26.— A resolu
tion wa* introduced at the meeting of the
City Trustees to-night calling upon the
City Attorney ani the City Engineer to
draw vii plans and specifications and an
ordinance for n roadway forty-eight feet in
I width on Encinal avenue, between Ver
! saiiles and High street, on which the
j narrow-^au-."* railroad runs. Th<> appoint
mtni of Miss Isabel C. Linderiuan as
Deputy Assessor was confirmed, not, how
j ever, without opposition on the part of
, Trust** Schult**, who maintained that as
! the city pays the salary of one deputy and
the Ab.-psb jr'i salary has been recently
increased and his work only tak«s up four
or fire months during the yenr he should
pay the salary ot the second deputy out of
his own pocket. Mr. Schulte maintained,
furthermore, that for the timp employed
the Assessor is the best-paid officer in the
city. The salary of the deputy was re
duced from $75 to $00.
l».-..t h of John a. Ward.
ALAMEHA.CaI., April 26.— The funeral
of Juhii G. Ward will take place to-morrow
afternoon from his late residence, 1539
Verseilles avenue. Mr. Ward was the
secretary of the Cuttine Packing Com
pany, ana leave? a widow and several
children, tie was stricken with paralysis
several weeks ago, that being the cause of
his deattj.
Note*.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. April 26— Alameda
candidates do not spend mucii money on
election. It cost John G. Brick $28 25 to
be elected tlity Trustee, and it cost W. F.
bchulte $33 75 for the tame honor. Each
spen t about half his outlay in printer's!
ink.
A very entertaining programme has been
prepared for the Unitarian Club meeting
next Wednesday evening. Captain E. A.
yon Schmidt will talk about tne South
Bea islands.
The ladies' chorus of the Verein Ger
mania will give a concert on Friday
evening at Germania Hall.
REGULARS WILL ATTEND.
Kxtended Arrangements Being Made
for Memorial Day.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 26— Me
morial Day committee have arranged for
a very elaborate celebration of the day in
this city. General Cbipmnn and staff of
the G. A. It. and Department Commander
Pierce and staff of the Sons of Veterans
have been invited and there is an assur
anoe that they will accept.
Superintendent Smith of the cemetery
will formally present the ordnance re
cently brought from Mare Island 10 deco
rate the soldiers' palt at Mountain View,
isnd Mayor Thomas will make tne spttch
of acceptance.
For the first time in fifteen years a de
tachment ol the regular army from the
Presidio will take part in the parade.
A TEUST ATTAOKEO.
f»r Blrdaall'a Daughter Wants to Msn-
Hg*> Her Heritage.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 26.— Kiamesia
Venchiarutti has brought suit in Amity to
set aside the trust created by the will of
her father, Lewis A. Birdsall.
Lloyd Tevis and H. H. Lawrence are
the trustees under the will, and judgment
is asked that the trust br declared illegal
and Toid under the laws of the State, and
t ai the trustees be required to relinquish
all interest in tho estate to the plaintiff,
who wants to be adjudged tho sole heir-ai
law. The plaintiff wants the trustees to
be compelled to acknowledge her absolute
title of the lands* and premise* of the es
tate, which is estimated at $40,000.
Mrs. March! Remarried.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 'J6.— Mrs. Kate
Marchi, whose husband died eight months
ago, was married this afternoon by Judge
Clift to August Apel, a Kan Francisco
musician. Mrs. Apel was well known a«
Miss Valeria, one of the tamily which
has attained much prominence at the
llYOli.
THE FOUGHT A
FRIENDLY FIGHT
Student Cadets at the Uni
versity Hold a Sham
Battle.
Honors of the Competitive Drill
Go to Company H, Under
Captain Son.
"Didd?" Hoag of the Baseball Team
Meets Wilh a Mishap Which May
K"pp H m From Paying.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 26.— T0-day
was military day at the State University.
It was the occaaion of the annual inspec
tion, review, competitive drill and sham
battle of the student soldiers.
The exercises began at 9:40 this morn
ing and continued until nearly 5 this aft
ernoon, with .1 shor: intermission at the
noon hour. Most of the morning was con
sumed with the grand review of the eight
companies in honor of Colonel George H.
Hurton and the inspection. In the nfter
noon were the competitive drill for the
colors and the shp.m battle.
Tho afternoon exercises attracted a great
crowd to the campus.
A series of finely executed maneuvers
wore iione through by the several com
panies besides the battalion drill. The
officers of inspection consisted of Colonol
J. <'. Currier assistant adjutant-general,
M. G. <\, and Captain F. de L. Carrington,
U.S.A.
A feuture of the drill was the execution
by the second division of the Roman hol
low-square. Its excellent work drew a
loud ourst of applause from the bleachers.
The university bannsr and colors which
had been carried by Company D, under
Cnptnin Bau-r, for the last "year, were
awarded to Company H, under Captain
Son. for tho excellence and precision with
which his company executed tha various
orders.
The competitive drill having come to an
end, the field was cleared in preparation
for the blank-cartridge battle. Not a
soldier-boy was in sight for a few min
ute?, when suddenly the rifles of the
sharpshooters from the First Division,
who had been stationed along the south
ern boundary of the campus, began to
crack. This was the signal for the on
slaught of the Second Division, which had
taken refuge in the grove of tree< along
the northern border of the battlefield.
Immediately two companies, supported
by the artillery detachment with two
guns, emerged frcm their covert and be
gan firing. A skirmish line was sent out,
advancing at intervals upon the enemy,
which remained stationary.
Presently the enemy poured down upon
the advnncini: columns a heavy volume of
smoke, causing a hasty retreat.
The second battalion then advanced to
within clo^e range of the tirst.when with a
sudden movement they captured the guna
and won the day.
The iriendly tight was short but fierce.
It would have been longer and more de
tailed had the cadets been supplied «vitn
more ammunition. As it was only six
rounds each were allowed the young sol
diers, and tweniy rounds for the cannons.
This wa* LieutenantWinn's last regu
lar day of service at the university, his
term of three years having expired. He
will probably be succeeded next term by
Lieutenant Sidney Cloman, now in New
Mexico, who has bce-i recommended to
the Government by the regents for ap
pointment to the university.
During the morning drill Left-fielder
Hoaz of the Varsity baseball nine caught
the third ringer of his right hand In the
brake of one of the guns, lacerating it
seriously. It is feared he will not be able
to play ball in Saturday's game against
Stanford us a result. Ho already has one
"baseball fineer" on the same hand.
T)l«eafted Cows
BERKELEY, Cal, April 26.— D\ H. N.
Rowell, Berkeley's Health Officer, ha» be
gun his raid on diseased cows. He bus
already condemned and ordered to b»
killed eight cows out of the seventeen he
ha- examined.
"List Friday and Saturday." said Dr.
Rowell, "we used the tuberculin test on
the cows or Dairyman Morris Cohen and
found that eight out of the seventeen
were diseased. We officially tagged the
animals and ordered that they be Killed
and turned over to us for post mortem ex
amination. This he refused to do, and so
to-dny I had aim arrested for refusing to
comply with the hiw. Cohen's piece is on
the border line of the town, and It is
probable that in bib defense he will main
tain that Berkeley officers have uo juris
diction over him.
"There is a county law as well as a city
ordinance which requires t: at persons
holding cattle affected with tuberculosis
shall kill the same at the order of the
proper authorities. "We are engaged in
the exaruinr.tion of the second dairy now,
I Bid it is probable that more cattle will be
ordered killed very soon.
"It is a strange fact that some ot the
fattest and sieekest cattle in the drove are
consumptive, while many of the thin and
6crawny ones are wholly free from the
disease."
University Election.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 26 —At the
annual election ot the Assoc ateJ Stu
dents to-day, Philip Thayer, '93, was
elected president of that body; Meliville
Dczier, president of the athletic associa
tion, and 11. J. Cross, baseball manager.
A Lecture and lliillr.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 26.— A well
attended lecture and entertainment un
der tho auspices of the Laague of the
Cross was s;iven to-night at Elite Hall.
Captain Hynos made a neat little speech
of introduction, in which he outlined the
purposes and aims of the league, and
Thomas Allen followed with a vocal solo.
The Ideal Banjo Ciub proved to ba a
clever little baud, and Miss Ai;ne- Far
rell, whose song followed, was warmly en
cored.
Rev. J. P. Ferguson then delivered his
lecture on "The Church and Free Insti
tutions." His arguments and points were
similar to those expressed by him in Met
ropoir.an Temple some months att".
Geor c UaywarJ, tne Athenian Quartet,
Miss May Gilbert. Miss Emily We. is, and
Joy Laughter rendered numbers which
completed the programme. The affair
was in charge of the following committee
of arrangements: John F. Mullins (chair
man), Charles 8. Higgins. J. Henry
Long, James Collins, Walter Smith, John
Haves.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
BAKERY WAGON, EXPRES-8, BUSINESS
bnsgy, extension toprockaway. 1634 Mission.
BUTTER, EGG, PRODUCE WAGON; ONE
camping wagon; cheap. IS4O lurk it.
\f» W AND i-KCOKD-HAND BAKKK, UDN-
-131 dry and milk wagon; also tin* top buggy and
rockaway. »'."B Harrison st. ■ •• ■ > • •
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICK FHKB: BIVOKCK LAWS ASPKO
laity; private; no fee without success; pro:>at9,
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills ot sale, deeds,
damages, etc: private detectives; estab. 10 years.
O. W. HOWE, 850 Market si, corner Mtocktoa st.
ADVICK FKEK: NO CHARQB C.VLESBSOC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDsON. 827 Market s-
T> W. KIN.S. ATTORNEY- A T-LAW, CURON
It. aci« building; advice Ute; Uiwittt, aU wti .
Auction 8a lee
J. C. MITiIER, AICTIOSKEft.
Offlce-G33 Market Street , • -
> V 7/ THIS DAY, j
Tuesday April V.I, 1897,
At 11 a. m.. on the premise*' ■
510 Kiidy Street, Near Ujfdo,
I WIM. Bd>L '■
The contents of a fine house of 10 roCms. Includ-
ing 5 tine chamber sui tine »> d pieci'S of parlor
ui.lio y, handsome fo.dlug-bed. bed-lounge
iwi-.t ciuchfs; lace cv tain and i!rtis»e!s carpets
ihiotiKhoul the house; al»o fine t>«"ddin*an I crock-
ery. My instructions nr<j to sell, all Svithout re-
serve. • 5
THURSDAY— I will sell the furnitore of a fine
residence in Alameda, includini; eleg&nt antique
parlor furniture imported f.om Parl^. . .
E»\VARD S. SPEAR & 09..
Auctioneers. 31 and 38 Suttee .StreaC.
Telephone— Main 81.
TAKE 3XTOTIOE !
THIS DAY.
Tuesday April '17, 1897,
At 10 o'clock a. M., . ; 
CONTIXUATIOX AUCTION; SALE
Of tio bii'ance of the j
BANKRUPT STOCK
Of Magnificent P.»rlf>r and : Bedroom
I'itriiitiirn and Ili.-h ITpiio'. >tery and
3loquet and Urusaalx . C^rpetn o^
tliK jiri-mi-ifs formerly occupied by
.-li rek & Sliirok, ....:...:
74-7 MARKET STREET.
XOTK- Ec sure and nttend th sals {as the fur-
niture is of tlie lat-st style and must b» sold.
EDWARD s. BPSAB A <■<>.. Auctioneers,
' aland »3 .-utter st.
EDWARD S. SPEIR & <!0.,
Auctioneers. 31 and 33 Suttirr Street.
Telephone, Mttin 6181.
EXECUTOR'S SA.I_iB3!
THIS DAY. ' ;
Tuesday April 27, 1897
At 11 o'c'.^c v a w., at J-iiLf, -
915 Valencia Street. Xear Twentieth,
. ...WK WIIiIi SKI.L.
By order of W. M. Winslow, Rxecutor of the Ev
tale Of Anna R. Winslow, Doc.>a*ed,
THE FINK I'AKI.OR, BKDKOOM, LIDRARY
AXDDI.MXG-ROOII :
PUHKTITITRE,
GOLD Jh-WKLKY AND IJIAMUN 1)3; also one
Magnificent Ho.ewood-case 7VB-OPttve I prijc
PIANO, Knabe maker.
£D\V'ABl> S. SPKAR & ( O . Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Slitter street.
CDAS. LEVY & CO., AL'CTlOMiti
baleiraomi-11,15 Market dtroot.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday April 1897,
At 10 o'clocK a. m., at salesroom,
1133 MARKET ST.. bet. 7tU aul Htm.
VK WII.L SKI.I ■■:
AN ELEGASI M.Mi t»K lIJKMTCRE,
Carpets, Stoves, itanees, eta
H \s. I.KVY itil).. Mirinneen.
MCSICAL INSTKUSIEXTS.
A RE YOU ABOUT TO PUROIIASK A PIANO?
ARE YOU ABOUT TO PURCHAsK A PIANO?
We sell them for $A, $4, $5. *<3, $7, $a $3, flO
per month; alsoforcash: the best makers of every
grade: don't pay rent when the same monrhly
pnym'-nts will purchase one from us. SHKHMAN.
CLA V & CO., cor. Kearuy aud butter sis., sit-i.i-
way dealers.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
2\. house west of Chicago is KOHLEH it
CHASE'S. "6, 28 ami SO o't'arrell St.; pianos, or-
gans and all otbrr musical Instruments, of alt
grades and 1 riceu; terms easy: prices lowes.:
everything possibio done to please aud »atisty Ui«
customer.
CTU.VLLY THE BEST BAKOAINs IN PI.
anos; monthly pay ments from $6 np; dellv-
ered free with stool and cover; correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market be, opp. Masou; tsutu
llshed over '20 years.
BONA FIIIK REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines, Knabe, Bush & Gerts and others: sec-
ctid-haud pianos iroru iUU up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor ;o A. L. Bancroft & Co., 824 x*ost.
I? INK bIEINWAY $176; WEBH.R «250
r Ilnrdman *3SO: each one a baruain. THE .1.
I I.'KW CO., second floor, Flooa building.
SHAW, 6>TEINWA\, .*2B0: CHICKiCKING,
C 185; bargains, $4 a month; a nice small up-
right, 995; rent $2 up. HEINK. 13b Ellis st.
TTPKIGHT PIANO VERY CiIEAP: MIBT
*-> sell account of departure. 11-66 MarKe; at.
UI'RIOHT PIANO, ALMOST NEW, CHEAP
yJ forcasli. Apply at, 15^ eumner sr.
G»"l OX RODGERS' CABINET GRAND
iS'X^O.K. rank n: bargains HOKNUNG,2I6Post
C£>-\ nAFINE GROVKSTEEN FULLER PIANO
ts)l\J\J Kb instnllments. 221 Leavenworth st.
ABRUKNN PIANO; WILL CHARM YOU:
see It before you buy. 'J-28 Post St.
•V'EARLY NEW BABY OKAND BTEINWAY;
J-l great bargain. 1021 Van Ness aye.
AHOAI.N CAN BE HAD AT M VAIS\ 769
Murket St.: ajjeney Declter A Son's pianos.
RARE CHANCE: GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP
JLt SCHMITZ. lb" McAllister, next Htbernlaßank
AT KKM AN. CLAY A CO.'S ONLY iLI
you nn.l a stock of :iew btelnway plauos.
Wf>. BADGKIL S>Oi.E A>ENI HALLKT
.A Davis and Francis Kacou pianO3- 41J >acta
YRON MAUZY. S0» FIKCT ST.-SOHMti;
Newbv <£ Kvant. ttrlggs and other pianos.
QUPJiRIOK VIOLINS, ZITHKKS, OLD* NEW
OH. iIULLER. maker, repairer 2 i.ut.'iam place.
HORSES.
FOR SALE— THE FINEST SADDLE HORSES
and Shetland ponies in the city. DALZIEL,
603 Golden Gate aye. ,. ■ ..;,;..
Cn HORSES FOR SALK: WAGONS AND
*J\J hariiess. atcar stables. 721 Howard St. ; auc-
tion every Tuesday.
ADV'S HORSE TOP BUOG V FOR
cheap. Devlsaderost. stable, near McAllister
r A lONS GOOD OAT HAY FOR SALE. AD-
O\) dress 11., box 50. Call Ofllce.
AUCTION .SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, bucg.es. wagons, harness,
eta Kmportum sales yards, 220 Valencia it., S.
WATKIN.--, auoiioneer. :■..;
JA HOKSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAOOSi,
I" buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arrade llorss
MarkßC, 527 Blzth su anctlon t»les every W«d-
oesday. SULLIVAN <t DOYLE. Auctioneers.
T EIBOLD HARXESS COMPANY; 800 SETS
XJ of quod harnrss, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash: send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st, 8. F.
(\ HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
UUbusiness 000 to 1500 pounds. O.d Turk-sU car
stables. 1301 Turlf; team of iarce younj; mules.
i ""' PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET; REa
2864 25th si.; diseases of women a specialty.
TRDBTEK BALES.
rpnUSTEKS' SALE— IX accordance WITH
-1- the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by JAMES K.
MACKLIN, party of the first part, to HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
trustees, parties of the second part, and
the bAN FHArfCISCO SAVINGS UNION
party of the third pan, dated May 16th.
1895, and recorded in the office of the County Re-
corder of the Cly ana County cf San iranclsco,
State of California, In liber 166u of deeds, ' at
pares 70 anl following, and in mirguance of a
resolution passed on the 10th day of September 1
1896, by the board of directors of ia<a SAN FRW- '
CI CO VINOS UNION, a corporation, andthe
bolder of the note (Xo. 13.481). to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
cuted, declaring th»t default had been made in i
the payment of the principal sum and other sums '
due under said no:e and deed of trust, and request- '
ing and directing said HKNKY C. CAMPBELL '
and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy said in-
debtedness.
We. HENRY C.CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KKN 1. trustees, do here Dy give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 4th day of May, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that flay, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton.Kldridge & Co., No. 638 Market
street, in the City and County of San Francisco,
tsiaieof California, we will seil at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash In gold coin of the
United States, the pieces or parceia of land situate '
in the City and County of >an Franttsco, State of
California, descrioed »s follows, to wit:
lots nuiu Ders twenty-three (*3) aud twen:y-four
(24), in block B, as shown and deineatedon the
map entitled "Original Map of the Property ot the
] Pane Hill Hom'stead .*ssociaiioo." survey c.l by
Willlam P. Humphreys. City aud County sur-
veyor, July lam. 1878. tiled Augnst Bd, 1878. in
theofneeof h<" county Recorder of aald Cltv and j
v oumyof Han Francisco and now of record there- 1
In 111 liiier, of maps at pages 165 and lad: and 10 !
which map mi. <1 tlie r con] ibr special refer- j
ence is hereby maCe for further or more particu-
lar descrip Ion; io«tei her with the appurtenames.
TKRMS OF SALE— i ash In pold coin of the
United States: ten 1 er cent payable 10 the under-
signed on the fall ot the hammer: balance on de-
livery of derd; and 1* not so oaid, unless for want
of title (ten days b Ing allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. ACiS of sale ar purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. t-AMPBE.u Trn , tMl «
I'iIA.U.DiSUa B, K..fc,N.T, j Trustee*
STREET & t'RESSWELL,
Gknebal AucnnxKKßg, 927 .Mabkkt Street.
Telephone Mint 1552.
AN EXCELLEN OPPORTUNITY
OK SAT.OONT MKN.' .• ",
*BURKES ELEOANT SALOON,
Corner Valencia unit T^venty-^ixth Sts.t
WILL BR SOtD AT AfCTTON' -
TO-iV.ORROW.
Wednesday April 28, 1897.
At 11 o'clock A if.
X goes without sayi:;c that the furnlshlnKS of
this saloon are complete in every resuect ant? of
the very h!ehe,t ord*r. There Is nothins in it out
of the first class. It is one of the handsomest and
best appointed saloons in the city, prominently lo-
cated In a manufacturing district and doing ■>
nourlinin? busin ss. Choice s;ock in bulk or la
bo:t!e»: handsome front ana baclc bar, and all the
necessary paraphernalia reg islte In n plac* of
this deacrlption. Will be sola as a whole or In lots
to tult. Cun h-> bousht at private, snip before auc-
tlon day. Call and inspect the place, and tor fur-
ther Informat on apply or wrile to F. J. BUKKK,
Valencia »nd iwpnty sixth streets, or to
A. L. CKKSSWKL.U Auctioneer.
Terms cash.
fc*e ad. in Chronicle and Examiner.
REGULAR WEEKLUICTIOX SALE.
fe> .£»
*TATTHIR,SA.3LiIIj'S '
T'S i -753 Howard Street
THIS DAY.
Tuesday April 37, 1897.
At 11 O'clock a. M.  .
Ten Horse* from 10/0 to 1100: Matched Team of
GrH.vs. wHijrht 'Jt^OO Id.-. : s>x od cbanksfroin
1200 to 1350: one green Pacer by *l!oo:h": sev-
eral l'.i-ih-s suitable for Po o: als alo-. of Double
j and t-iu^le llitriies^, Wagons, Carts, etr. •
A. L. CKESSWiaL, Ltvei o. k ctioneer,
ofllcr-, 721-723 Howard street.
- ASSIGIEE'S SUE. "
PROPKRIY 'OK H. C. SPAULDING
&*
jSk-rC AUCTION !
FRIDAY.
Friday April 30, 1397.
At 11 o'clock a M.. at
j Corner Sixteenth and Valencia Streets,
j liv rder of ctedltor*, wo will selltne Kntir.'Stoc.c
<if Horses, Carriages. Bncxlea, Wagonef.es, Carts.
-ur.iys, r.j]irp«:m'l Deliv-ry Wagons. Ilnrnesi,
Houes, BlaiiKeis, etc.
Terms, Cash. H. G HOI.MK^, Assisnee,
SUI.UVA.N A DOYLE, .
(JtHce— 317 Sixth st. Llvemock Auctioneers.
INSETS SAL.
THURSDAY.
Thursday April 29. 1897.
At 11 o'clock a. m., ut salesrooms,
1135 Market Street. Met. 7.1 i and Bth,
— avk \v:r,i. sEr.r.
I Human Hair lioodi, \\ ax i-'i^ures. Amber Comb*,
> o metlc, lace Powder, curing Irons; stationery
cou.-sistin,' of Lead P(.-n. J'e i». Inks. lit.vi".-
opes Book*: 10 Mcci'l-p'ated showcn.sPs, Count-
' ers, Minors, Ptc.ur* B-.ok*. •tc Dt-u erstaiia 1.0-
-l!ce. CIiAS. Li-.VV it CO., Auct oncers.
TRUSTEES' SALKS. V" "•
.^^_^^^^^^^ l^ u^ /^^^^^^^ J^ r^^.^^ r^_ nj^ JVWXJW
TRrSTEF.S'SALE-lN ACCORDANCE WITH
X ttie lerius and under ihe authority of a certain
deed of tru*i, duly exerulea by W. L>. HuUOJt
i u..il liAilIK i.IIOICO-U (lili wife), parties
j of the lirst part, to HENRI C, CAMPBELL
; and THADPEL'S B. KENT, trustees, parttei
;of the second part, ai'ti THE SAX FRAN-
CISCO SAVINGS UNIOX, party of the
I thira part, dated December 14, 18rf., and recorded
of the office o tne County Recorder ot the couikv-
cf r»iaii.-i aus. >tate of <;°aliforula, in liber 33 of
i depdi, at pages 4 1 .< and following, and in pursuance
I in a rebolution pissed on Hie 4th day of Marcii.
1897, oy the board of directors of said SAN
j l-'RANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
! and the holder of the note (Xo. 11,36 >), to secura
j payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust waa
executed, declaring that default bad been made la
the pityment of the pr.ncipal sum and other snms
! due und»r said note and deed of trust, and re-
questing and diroc Ine said U"KNRY C.CAMP-
! BELL aud THaDDEI s B. KENT, trustees, to
] cell the real t-state described therein to satisfy
1 said indebtedness.
We, HKNKY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 27th day of April. A. D. 1897. at
12 o'clock noon of thatday, and at the auction sales-
room 1 1 t- avion. Eldri A Ci> , .\o. 638 Market
6treet. in the cut ai.d County of San Francisco,
Slf.teof California, we will sell a; public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United Mail's, the piece or parcel of land sit-
I nate In the county of -i^rii-.u n, state of Callfor-
I nla, aescnoed a< follow*, to wit:
According to the otlicial plal.i and system of
: surveys of tue tiovernment of the United States:
! In township two (i) south, rani;e twe.vo
' (12) ear. Mount Diablo base and ldlan:
ill section iweruy-elgut (28) ttie Hontheast
quarter (M-:. 14) :
ot'se tion th r.v-three (33) the east half of the
I easti.ulf (K. l^of K. 1^): .
I Of section tuirty-four (34) the west half (W.
! V 2):
township three (3) sonth range twelve (12)
eas.. Mount D\ iblo bus 1 and m»ridi..n:
of aection lour (4) the northeast, quarter (N'E.
Vi):
v ontalnln? in n'l el -ht hundred nn I three (803)
i ere-> of mnd, more or lees; together with the ap-
purtennnces. ' . • ■"■■
TERMS OF SALE— Cash In gold coin of the
United Mates; ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed: and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to he forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL. l Tril . ta^.')
TH A DDK US a. KKXT. | Tru s'eea.
rpRUSTEK* SAI.fi— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
JL the terms «nu under the authori y of a certain
deed ot trust, iltilv 1 xecuted by WjLLIaM .s.
HOPKINS and Liz/ 1 ■-. OAnTKiJDii HOPKINS
(his wite). ai.d WIU.IAM H. L. BAItNhS,
parties of. the first part, to HEN C.
CAMPBKI.L and IiIAIJIJKUS B, KENT, trut-
tees, parties of the second part, and tiie SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UMOX, party of the
third par:, dated May Ist, 1890. nnd recorded
111 the office or the County Recorder of th" City
mid County 01" Sun Franc sen. State of California,
in liber 1402 of deeds, at page* b8 and follow,
lus:, and in pursuance ot a resolution paasea oa
the Bth day of a Mil, 1897, oy the board nf dlreo-
i tors of said SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UMOX,
a corporation, and ih» holder of the note (No.
10,001). to secure payment ot which the aforesaid
deed of trust was executeJ, declaring thai defanli
litul been made In the payment of the principal
sum and other mm* due under said note and
deed of trust, and requesting and directing said
HENRY C. CAAIPHKI.I. and THALiDKUS B.
KENT, trustee*, to sell the real estate described
therein to s.tiistV saia IndebtmnesH.
We, HEN Y C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 11th day of May, A. D. 1897.
at 12 o'clock noon o( that day. ami at ilie auction
! salesroom "f K»s:on, Kldrldf;e <tCo., So. ki.iti Mar-
■ kr: street, in the City »nd Cuunty 01 Sun t rancisco,-
I la:e of California, we will sell at public auction,
! to tlie lilehest bidder, for casn in go.d coin of the
United Maie.-i, the piece or parcel of land sitnala
t in ihe City aud County of .-an FrancUco, State
! of California, described as follows, to wit:
» ommeucing at a point on ihe southerly line cf
gutter street, distant thereon one hundred an I
thirty-seven feet six inches (137 and 6-: 2 Jeet)
et-ste.-Iy from the e.istcrlr line of leavenwortli
street: running theuce easterly along said line of
surer street e»e liuudr<d aid thlrty-neven feet
six Inches (137 snd G-12 feet): thence at ri:ut
I anxles souineriy oue hundred and thirty-seven feet
! sx Inchr-s (137 nnd 6-12 fee.); thence a: rignt
1 angles westerly one hundred and thirty-seven feet
j six Inches (137 and 6-1 2 feet), and the :cm . t rignt
I anvrle* noniierly one hundred and tuirty-seveu feet
six inches (IS7 and 6-12 feet) to the point of com-
meticement: being lot number on« thoiuaiid one
hnndr.dand twenty one (1121) of th flfty-vura
lot survey of the City of San Francisco, according
to the official map thereof : together with the ap-
purtenances. i
TEKMB OF SALF.-Cash In gold coin of the
j United States. 10 percent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer, lalance on de.
livery of deed, and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), than
1 said 10 per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. - Acts of sale Rt jmrrh.i- r's expense,
HENRY C. CAMPBKLL, \ -,._-,.„.
THADDEUS B. KENT, | 1nl "cci..
PROPOSALS. ,
PTopo^ATsT^lTiTrrXriVsuWljE^^
X New Montgomery St.. San Francisi o, Cal.,
I April '26, 1897. Sealed proposals in trlul cate will
1 l>f> received here until 11 o'clork a. m. May 27.
1897, and theu ope-ed. for'furnlshing this depot
: for supply of Stationery. Packsadd c Blankets,,
I Hardwate, Horse ai.d Mv c Sho -s, <;a v. Iron
Buckets, Aloho:, Packing Boxes, Stable Brooms,
I Leather, Oils, and otner miscellaneaus s'.ores.
Preference wi ! b« given to artk-.es of dom-stlc
\ production and manufacture, conditions >f price
; and qUa.lty beini; equal (iodaJtr.K la the price of.
foreign pro luctlons and manufactures the duty
thereon), and suc;i preference given to articles of
American production and manufacture produced
on the i'acific Coast to .lie extent of the consump-
tion requ.red by the public service there. Ihe
United States reserves the right to xcceptor reject
any or all proposals or any part thereof. Proposal*
dp lvery al other pom s will be enteriulned.,
Information furnished on app icntlon., Envelopes
will b- indorjea "Proposals for Supplies" and ad-
dreitsrd JAS. M. MOORE. Asilstani Quartermas-
ter->i< leral, U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
BICYCLES.
_._■
/COLUMBIA LADY'S. BICYCLE : TO EX-
\J change for furniture or household goods, t>6S
MUs.on »t- ■ ' . ■,£ >
rfIANDEMS. "96" PATTERN, GOOD A 8 NEW,
1 $70 and upward: bargains in second - band
1 wheels. Golden- Ru.e Bazaar<cyc:e department,
25 Ueary st. ' . - - : '■
y^~^ JDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«O18^^^«?J EAKX " r * iT - EsUblishrd.
Brlrl^ '" I*S4 for th treatment of Piivato
IHiiffrir™* D!se;'.'-.e.<i, Lost Manhood, Debility or
i '3Silft disease »ring 011 bodyand mind and
xfflriSHS &k n Creases. T l'he doctor cureswhea
JBgißHpsM others fall. Try him. Charges low
£7SluznSßl Cor*«gßaninirrH. Calicrwrita.
»*■. it W. uiUBV.V. B«s i»o«.(i4»a t'r»aci*»
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ran Francisco CAtt—
710 Market stnei, open until 12 o'clock every
Dlght ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
FE9 Hayes KTreet. open until 9:30 o'clock.
81 S larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W, corn'-r sixteen; h and Mission streets; open
nntll 9 o'clock.
2818 Mission street open until 9 o'clock.
187 Ninth streft; open until 9:80 o'clock.
liOs Po'.x street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-seconJ and Kentucky
streets: open till 9 n 'r ck.
>OTICK OF BIKKTINUS.
ff-"S» CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. m
B^e' 5, r. A. M . will m-et THIS (TUl:s-
DA Y)KVKNIN<;, iirii -.7,al 7:S<l o'clock. VjT
R. A. degree. By order of the 11. P. />^\
FRANKLIN li DAY. Secretary.
ftzzs* OKIKSTAL lodge no. 144, F. ■»
*--*' and A. M. — Ih rd degree 1 HIS A.
(IUI SLAY) KVKNINU at 7 :30 o'clock. 'Kjf
A. & HUBBAUD, secre ary. /^T^
mrS PACIFIC I.ODGK NO. 136, F. a
fe ; -^.and A. M.: 121 ddy st.— W ill »s-_/V_
semble T«i-I>.\ V (I! KsliAY). a 12:45 f . TKjC
M. to a lend the mneral of our me brother. f%y\
IHdMA.-s B. aI.XiPSON. waster -Mascin are In-
vited. GEORGE PENLINGTON, secretary.
ECrS* PACIFIC LOD'.E NO. 136. F. •
1&& a (1 A. M.. 121 Eddy St.— Will meet^\
THIS NING at 7:30 o'clock. Third )S3T
degree. f^w
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
er^g qoi.d.-:n gatk UiDGK no. 30. j»
»-& F. and .\. M. -Called me- ting THIS
(TUESDAY) r.VK.MNG, April 27, at 7:30 T^jf '
o'clock. Hr« aegree. />r >
Gi-.ORGE J. HOB.'-:. Secretary.
ry- THK IRISH NATIONALIST - f
W-S' and their friends are cor.lial 1 y Invited JL*
to attend lie iwemy-eighth grand r.ntiiia. r ( '-iwss/(J
union and p.cnx given n;jder the auspices of "*< |r
Ih« Knignts of UM Red Branch in Suell Mound .
Park, BerKeley, on SU.NDAi, May 2.
TUX COMMITTEE.
BPKGIAIi NOTICKS.
(P^S» THE PACIFIC HEBREW ORPHAN
»-»* Asylum and Jlome Socle. y hereby give i
notice tnat they have admitted i to the orphanage j
from Jitnuarv 1, i 897. to ■late, th- following baif- I
orphan girls an 1 boys. viz. : D:ivid Josej».i, aged |
10 years 10 months; l;ob-rt Joseph. HgcJ 8 years
B months: Mil-.on Jurescii, aged 3 years: Do:tie i
Msyer, i.g<-d 10 years: Kva H. Marks, ag»-d 3 :
years. William Siiverman. aeed 13 years: David 1
Si v.-rmau, ased 11 years; Jcs-ph Siivtrman, aged i
B years; Albert Silverman. afird 4 years 6 montns:
Arthur Deutch, aged 10 years; Kalph Deutcn,
a.ed H yiars-
CrTS C. L. TAYLOR IS HEREBY NOTIFIED
m^& io redeem truok at 1654 Market su
ff^sp f?AD TENANTS EJKCTKD FOR M;
BKiS' rolle. tions made: ci:y or country. Pncltic
I oll'-rifon Co.. 41 5 M try ■«'... room 6: lei. . iSHO. '
fITIATJ OXS A N i:i)-KEM ALE.
QWKDISH lIOUSEGIRL; GOOD COOK AND I
. . la; rulrpss: besi o> reference: city or country; ,
$20. MKs. NORTON, 814 sutter.
X KLI ABLE GKRM \N LADY WITH GIRL 7 j
XV years o! 1 wshes situation: is nrU-Ciast took, 1
pood sean.str- s. aud can mtke bPrself nenera ly
uterui foranag d couple or a widower's fannlv; '
besiof reterencesgiveu. Audres* G. L., box 3.,«-'all.
T3ELIABLE W<iMaN WISHES SITUATION: ■
XV coo.l coo*: wju.d do light housework; platn
washing; kind io clridr-ti: it-rate ges: city
or short dUtance in country. -7V 3 Fourth st. ,over i
ilorist.
POSITION ■- HOUSEKEEPER, PRIVATE I
X family, or assistant mairo.i in tn> ltutio-i: have
l;ad years of ex^erl-n"-- as invali .B' nurse ai.J ■
house^eepei. 1512 Vnllejo sU
COMPETENT >KAMsIKE»S AND CHASI-
-\J bermaid wWbes situation; take car« of chil-
dren or o i-eeond work: city or country; good
lefrreuce. 1. --'4 Howard St.
SITUATJON WaNTKD ln NIC*: private
O f ruilv for nent young working girl, with privi-
lege to bo to school ar.d board in exchance lor
■ervtce. Address 8.. box 64, Call Office.
WOMAN WHOSE HUsBANiT IS AWAY
TI most of the time wishes cbamberwork in Ala- !
nieda or Oakland in <-xchangu for room and board.
C. S., box 19. Call 1 flice.
LAD\ WiULDLIKK BABY i O WETNURSE !
Bthome: best ot reference. 21)6 Fourteenth :
su. uo^nsiairs.
yOUXG GERMAN WOMAN WOLI.D i.IKK
X pu^ition to do housework; sleep at home. Ap- i
ply 102. Bryant su
"\ IDDLK-AGKu WOMAN WANTa POSITION i
iX to lake care of lady and do light work. Ad- >
(Ires* 930 Filoert St.
P K.sPECTABLK WOMAN TO GO OUT BY THE
XL day to do washing, iroulug or cleaning. Apply j
4 0 Ui.lou , y
■y UNG GERMAN GIRL WISHKSAPLACE j
X for upstairs work or children. Appiy 24 I
i.leventh su
p irl LATELY FROM THE EAST WOULD do
VJT general hons»work and cooking: city or coun- '
try, a.l 1236 Bmh st.
I FSTAN 1 G 1 RL, 16 YE A Rs, SI ilAl loN i
X ,0 do light housework in nice familr. Adaresi !
or call at 1625 Church su, near Twenty-nlnth.
GEHMAN GIRL, 15 YKARSOLDj WISHES A !
plaie to do _ht housewor.. or lake otr- of j
one child. 1207 Vi Scott st.. beu Eddy and E.lls. ■
DREsr-MAKKK; FIRST-CLASS UTTER;
stylish draper and designer; thorough dress-
maker; by , lie day. 104 Grove St.
pOMPKTE.NT WOMAN WANIS WORK BY
\J the day, wash'na, ironing, bouseclr-aning; ref-
treiices given. 3151/2 Stockton, near Sutter.
yOUNG GIRL Wl-HES TO DO LIGHT
X housework; sleep home. 120 a Wlldey su
SU KDI-li GIKL WANTSPLACETO DOGEN-
eral housework. Audress 371 Minna su
ITUATION WANTED Io DOHOUK.-.l LKAN-
ir:g a-jd washing. 1205 .-teiner, upitalrs.
yOUXG GIRL 14 YEAKS OLD WOULD LIKi-J
X p.ace to take care ot children. Apply 166 Te-
hama st., atternoon.
yoU.NO LADY (PARISIAN) IN BKSOOKD
X circumstances would 11 <c paying housekeeper's
place; hote., bachelor's or widower's home pre-
ferred. Markel St., room 31.
4C OMPLISHKD AND KKFiXKD YOUNG
JA. lady (French) want< a housekeeper's place;
would like place as companion. Room 3, 223 Post.
IMRST-CLABS WOMAN, USED TO RKBTAU-
T rant work, would like to cook, iv ash dishes and |
make herself useful. 214 Fourth su, upstmrs.
"yoUNG WIDOW DESIRKS POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 121 ->iontgomery s:., room 8.
WIDOW WISHES SITUATION BY THE
TT day, washing or housecleaning. 209 Natoma.
yOCNO GIFL WHO SPEAK , READS AND
X writes the German and English language* per-
fectly wishes a position in city as companion, lake ,
ca c of children or upstairs wor*. Call at 105
Capp su, ne.r r>ixtee:ith.
rvronNO WOMAN wants TO DO GENERAL
X housework in an American family; is a good
coot; with reference. Call 641 Foisom, nr. Third.
yOUXO LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X houseiceeper, or will do aiu sewing. B^l Mis-
sion su. room t>.
SWEDISH GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS
second glr'; general housework. Address 16
Moss aye., near Harrison su
nOMPK.TK.NT SWISS- AMKRICAN gTrL
\J wishes general hou.s<>work and cooklne- wages
$20. all or adaress .3 L.tia ,- ettc st.
"L"IRST-CLaSS cook: German and MFR-
X lean style; best of city references. 746 Mission.
WEDISH GIRL WA.VTS A P.LACK TO DO
general housework. Call at 924 Na oma st.
THONG YOUNG DANISH GIRL WISH U3
work by the any, washing, ironing or house-
c.eaning. Appiy 1331 Fulton su
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
VJ tbe day, washing, ironing or cleaning. Apply
\TEAT GERMAN OIKLWIsHE- SITUATION
Xi in small family to do general houtework; good
cook: excellent references. Adaress 6.3 Ninth
st Oakland.
V A CHRISTIAN LADY. POSITION AS
housekeeper for elderly coup c or family of
' adults or care for invalid: rmodemte wages. Aa-
Cress for 3 days 1., box 19, Call Ollice.
COTCH WOMAN WANTS SITUATION-
city or country: itood cook, bak»r and lauD-
oress: competent slck-nnr^e wants position also-
references. 103 Eighth st.
ITUATION WAXTEi) BY AN EASTERN
woman: any kind of work in institution, din-
ing-room or chamberwork in hotel; Kood refertn-e
given. A'ldiess A L., box 75, i all Office.
"yOUNG NORWEGIAN GIRL SIRES A
X place in tt Chils.ian family to do general house-
v,oi k. 1 .>7 Foisom st.
MIABLE AND -ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG
French widow desires permanent position as
housekeeper in ho.el. Da lu-lor's or • widower's
home; no objection 10 country. 1. 2, 120 Geary.
"you NO LADY PREPOS -ESbING AND RK-
X fined wants a place in bachelor's or widower's
home is housekeeper; no obj.ctlou to country.
223 Post St., rooms 8 and 9. -
OSIIION DESIRED AS COMPANION AND
X nurse with invalid or aged lad 7: medical refer -
ences. 1530 Eddy st. ; afternoons
ACCOMPLISHED AND REFINED - YOUNO
-TV lady (French) desires a housekeeper's place.
Of Will be companion. 122 Post st,, room J.
FTTTTATIONS WANTEP-ContfnnM.
nrOUAK Wants Wul.K: ANY KIND;
»T reaa, sew, neat housekeeper, cook or c^re of
children; terms suii times: hour, day, week,
I'veniiiß or month; city or ccuu.ry. H. \., box
16. all. ■ ,- ■•;.';:•-:
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL: GOOD COOK AND
0 housekeeper; best reierences. Cal. or address
74BUkest
/-I r LAi.KIX-BKA.NCH OFFICK >tf THE
010 uaLL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
ESPKCTABLE WO lAN DEsIKES WORK
JV of any kind by the week: ould work for
smail wag. aud sleep home; references given. 6
Mint aye.
VOU.SG EASTERN WIDOW, EXPERIENCED
X as hous-Keeper, desires a pl:tce in hotel, bach-
i- or's or widower's home: iv oojection 10 Colin,
try. 223 los: su, roam 1.
WOMAN WANTS WASHING BY THE DAY;
Vl $] ai;d carfare.' Call 717 Tehauva nr. Bth.
EASIE.tN WIDOW. LA X OF FIFIH ST.,
J2J desires position as houcekeeper. M'j Kddy su,
room 12.
WEDISiI WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO Do
k* washing or houseclaaning by the day. 2:, 0S
Twenty-third st.
■yOL' NO, .ITRACTIV WIDOW WOULD
X liko a situniion as bousekef>pe>*: city or coun-
tr . ApDly 138 Fourth st.. room 4.
1 FINED YOU LADY WISHES PO I-
tion a^ a compunion; best of references. Call
1111 >utterst.
yOUNG LADY DESIRKs A I'OSITION AS
X nnr.se to au invalid, helpless person or an iti-
ianu Address 2805 Sixteenth su, cor. Foisom.
yOUNG -XD aitractivk eastern
X lady desires permanent plac - in bachelor's or
widower's home as housekeeper: no objecilon to
children. 2.3 Post su, room 11, second floor.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST.. NEAR MIS
sion: brnnch office of Ta i I*i r. bat>-
e< rlptions und want ads taken.
EXPKi.I I • HOUSEKEEPER WOULD
Xi like poniluii ln widower's or bachelor's house-
-1 old; roil u try preferred. Apply 88 Ninth st.,
room 17: call after 11 A. K.
Ol NG WIDOW DKSIRF.S POSITION AS
X houst-keepfr. Call 1-0 a Kduy St., r 0111 7.
SUPERIOR SWEDISH LAUNDRESS AND
»O chambermaid oesire« situation; references;
city oriouniry. 3'J3 Suuer.
EASTr • N YOUNG L-VDY, ACCOMPLISHED
an.i experienced, wants a place as housekeeper
in bachelor's or widower's home. Room -', 223
Post st.
|>I.SPKCTABLK GEKMAN MIDDLK-AGED
XV man an 1 wife wish positions in boarding-
liouse: wi:e sood cook: man lodocboies. Apply
this office or 13U second su
rVTuUHG LADY (PAKI'IAN) DESIRKS A
X housekeeper's rlace; good disposition: prefers
lodnlnc-house, widower's or bachelor's home; city
country. Rooms 10 auJ 11, 122 Post su
mC LA RKIN— BRANCH OFFICE <'F THE
Ult> CALL Subscriptions and want ads taken.
/ 1 OODQIRI , 14 YEARS OLD, WANTS PLACE
VT In family to worn or attend clilldren. V. D,
lor 13, Call Omen.
MTVATION'S WANTED MAI.K.
CIHINKSU & J vl'AN'-.sj.; KsTD '-0 YKAKS;
hfclp;t*i.m»in 19t>7. BRADLEY &Ci.i..640 Clay
HIM Kit * U.. CHINESE AND JAPaNKSK
employment ollice. r-maved to 61->Vs Cullfor-
tila st., near Kearny. 'l'l. main 231.
CIUINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
' oilice: best help. 414 Vii O'Farre.l. lei. E. 426.
JAPANKSK. CHINEBK 1 MPLOYMT OFFICE:
wallers, lioubecleaners. 30 Geary: tel. red 143.
SAM KKE— CHINK&E AND JAlt.Ni KM-
ployment oJlice. all Hush ur. Grant aye,
pOUD WHKI LWRIOHT ND WOODWORK-
VI er wishes situation: no obitction to countiy.
Address JOsr. PH BTOOTEK, -»n Leaudro, Cal.
J7IRST-CLASS BHAMPOOEK DIsKNGAGKD:
T i- 1 c jiumenilßtion: city or spriocs. Address
Massage, Postoffice, Berkeley.
I>ELIABLi:, STp.ADY MAN WANTS SITUA-
J-t tion ruund private place, city or country, ro
take cure 01 horses aud buegy ard make .imself
g-i.erai>y useful; is a lair gardener and is hai.dy
with ioo.s H.. vox 75, Ca.l > itHc ••
TNDUSTBIOUS YOUN.. MAN WIsH S SIT-
X uation as driver; also hand/ at machinery or
b.acKsmilhinz. Addre.ss L >.'., 239 Twenty-seventh.
VI'KSKOKVALtT TO INVALID GENTLE-
-^.l mau; gives mass uge: v xb-s r--ier---.ee. Ad
dress Nurse, box sl, Call Office.
{• 1 " LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF TUX
Oil) CALL. Subscriptions an.i want ads taken.
SWEDISH MAN AND WIFE WISH WORK
on farm: man gnol farmer, teamster, cau dv
blacksmith *. orK; wife is good cook. MW I iiird.
SiEADY BOY.. AGED 18, RKSIDISG II H
O pare .ts, desires situation, good relereucej. C.
U., oox 158, Call flice.
"ly ANTED— si TUAI'ION BY HOTEL iLKKK,
TT or ln store: tirsl-class man; also a 1.. 1 writer,
etc.: small salary. Address C. T., box 49, Call
BY A GKRMAN, GKNERAi.LY USEFUL;
X) understands gardening, care 01 horses, driv-
ing, milking; city re:ere. cea. moderule wages.
P. M.. 7-4 Sixteenth 5.., East Oakland.
SUBSCKII'I AND AN 1 ADS FOR TUB
Call taken at branca olllca, oja iiaye4 su;
open until U:3J o'clock.
yOUNG MAN AND WUE WANT-S SITUA-
-1 lions as cook and walt:e<s; city ir country;
speak French, lia.ian and German langua;es:
good reierences. Address Man aud Wife, oox 23,
Call Office.
V"ol TO WORK. BUT To MANAGE, SUi'ER-
X\. intend or prepare for saie landed properties,
an elderly single gentleman 01 broad experience Is
ooen for employ menu Address b x 42, Clover-
dale. CaL.
LANDSCAPK-GARDKNER AND FLORIST;
20 years' experience; good references : wishes
position. Address L. <>i;i-.l: r, banta Clara.
(* 1 r I.AHKI.N- BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
J1 'J CA-LL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
COLOUED MAN WOULD I.lKt VORNING
work ln exchange tor room, etc. 816 Stockton
St., room 13.
i.oy, 16 Years, wishes a situation;
1 ) good reference from last position. lbO-1 Grove
su, downstairs.
AN AND WIFK, NEW ENGLAND PEO-
ple, private place; man understands care of
cattle, horses and grounds, general work: wife
competent housekeeper, cook or second work; city
or country. Address J., box 54, Call Office, j
pOMPETENT HOUSE-PAINTEit, WITH
VJ tools, wants work for private parties, by the
day or piecework: will work cheap. Address
Paint, box 79. this office,
. — , .
"IX r ANTED— POSITION AS DRAUGHTSMAN
TT iv architect's office: salary no object; good ref-
erences. Address H. C, box 10, Call.
/ • j r LAKKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
'110 CALL: i.ubscnntlous fcir. want ad j taken.
ANTED— SITUATION AS MINK FORK-
TT man by a practical miner, witli best ol refer-
ences. Address Miner, box 60, (.all Office.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THK CALL. lts7 NINTH
61. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
JAPANESE (VERY young boy) WANTS
«J situation as schoolboy: r wages no object. Ad-
dress T. S., box 16. .bis oltlce.
,'•l7 MONTGOMERY CO..NER Ol CLAY—
• '^-1 open unti 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call: pubscriptions and want ads. taken.
-\\r ANTED— BY A YOUNG MAN A POSI-
| TT tion as porter and shipping clerk; has bad
&Va years' experience in la^t place. Address Por-
ter, box 65, Call tlice
r INC'iIEsTER HOUSE, 44 1 MIRD ST.. NR,
TT Market; 200 rooms vsc to Sl 50 per night;
(1 60 to $tS per week; convenient and respeciable;
lice bu* and l.n^pace to nn I from tte l«rry.
FKMAI.H HKLI' WANTED.
O WAiTRESSES,"S2O EACH. MISS CULLEN,
— 323 sutter.
OOK, SMALL BOARDING-HOUSE, $3o!
MlsS CULLi.N, 323 Sutter.
LiREXCH MAID, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
X" butter st.
! O NUItSES, $25 EACH; SKCOV/} GIRL, $25:
•' IB houseworiv girls, city and coti.ilrv, $20 and
$25; b youi.g <lrl», assist, »1O U> $16. MlsS
CULLEN, 32a Sutter.
SMALL. REFINED GIKL TO ASSIST FOR
comtortable home. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ter st.
COOK, SMALL HOTEL, $20. MISS CULLEN.
323 Sutler.
OOK, MODKSTO, $25; OAKDALE, $25: ALA-
V/ meda, *-0; Eureka, $25. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st.
SECOND GKIL, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. 'jfiWMMIWPB
COOK, $35; COOK. SAN MATEO, $25. MISS
I \J I'UILKN, 333 utter st.
I —— — —^-^^—^—^— — __^^^__
Vl7" ANTED— TO DO COOKING IN A RES-
TT taurant, one who understands running a small
restaurant preferred; middle-aged woman to cook
for men, $15; midd e-a^ed woman for litht cham-
berwork. small rooming-house, city, $10. MUR-
RAY & Ri- DV, Leading Employment Agmts.
634-636 Clay st. "
* PPRENTICK WaKTKi' IUR dre.-smak-
-£\. mc: one living at home preferred. 109t)
Geary st.
IRL TO ASSIST IN FOLIU.sG; NO EX-
periencti required. 318-320 Eleventh st.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1897.
BKt.P WAXTKD-lontliinM.
GIKL FOR BUCHANAN ST., %\t>- GIRL,
«• Redwood City. *15: girl, stelner. $16; girl.
\\ ashiturto., b u, $15: girl, Uveriuore, *15; girl,
Laguna, $15: eirl, California, $15; clrl, luchanau.
•Yl.: cm, i-ulion. $15; >;lr.. BroderlCK. $15: girl,
liowar.i ... if .5: p.rl. Harrison »t . «16: girl, Ta«-
lor su. $16: girl-Gilrny, c«l., SlS;. girl. Golden
c-*i'"i aye., $15; Cm, Oakland, $16: gir , Fell su,
»1S: girl. 1 wenty-secoud st.. #16; girl Turk sU,
$15: --5 to 30 young girls, $8. $10 and $12 per
month, assls;, etc. MAKTIN &. CO., 749 Market.
CiiA.MB. KiIAID A.VIi WAIT SU.'JK, MON -
/ lerey. CaL, $15 10 $20 and room; cook. *30
nnd room: waitress for institution, 25 and room.
6ee party here; lioner for Kr-sno. $i! 5; waitress
Ama<lor iunt. ; 3 waitresses $5 a week: waitres-i.
nobuncay work: waitress, Truck«e, Cat.; 2 wai.-
-rtßs.s, city, $20 and room. MARTIN <& Co.. 749
'iar»et,
CHAMKERM.WD FOR springs, $20: 2
J waitresses, -es.aur n.. $16: l.iundri-ss Jor Val-
lejo. .1-20; iro ler In steam laundry. Fresno, $3i:
chambermaid aud absisl wai.n.u, nea r city. $15:
Coot, private tanil.y. t.eai city, $26; dishwasher,
city, $15; German giri, coo&in -, pr.va'.f family,
$-0; German at Swi-dish woma.i on ranch, *20;
o girls, Jiousework, $20: 10 girls, housework, $1&.
j C R. HANSEN «l Co., 110 Geary sU
TirANTEb— TWO FHtI.vCH OR GERMAN
»» cooks, $30 and $35: 'i Swedisn girls, cook «n<l
second ir, same place, *2a and $20: German
cook and second, $00 and $25; German nurse,
Jf-5; Gr-rnwu secouii, $.0: i;ir. toassUt In kiicnen,
$16. LK..\ AKDlth., 308 Stockton sU
"IirANTKD— GERMAN AND SCANDINA-
»» vi«n cook, plain work, 2 in famil*-. $'-'5:
Fr<-uca lady's maid, $.10, (Jernian or English
nu^e. se< ond work. *25: l-ren h nurse, *2u;
wniireß* tor restaurant and coit'ee-house, $6 we«k,
uud tiior.' thaa 25 Protestant German and Scan-
di iMVian gtils tor bookine and houseworic in city
and country too numerous to advertise particu-
larly. Apply 10 J. F. CRvaETT & Co., 316 suiter.
WANTED— GKRM >N GIRL, COOK DoWN-
"" stalrsuorkto assist in washing aud ironing,
v a«e< $30; aUo German g rl, nurne to chi.dren
3Vj »nu 7 years, also upsiairs work assist with
iriMiing; wng. s, $20, $25, $14. « clumbi:. -quaie,
between >lxth and >eve.ilii, olso-n and Harrisou
sts. Referoncei required.
\irAlsT-TRIMMERS WANTED. 1111 VAN
'" Ness «v».
IJI-SPECTABLE GIRL IO ASSIST LIGHT
Ji house.vork. 430 a Fulton st.
GIRL wanted to assist IX light
housework with rhl.drm. 143 i c'Fancii sU
yuu.M! girl wanted ro ta&s cave
Xot * bub.. 1.33 O'Farrell su
"ll r ANTED— GIRL FOR L'Pnl AIRS AN I) FOR
»» children. Call from 9 to 12 A. M.. 1151 Oc-
tbVlit St.
EXPECTABLE LADY WANTS OENTLK-
I i m&u puriner with *-.'> iv a paying business.
131 .M 1 11;^. nu-iy .si., roim 16.
ANTED - FINISHERS ON CU-i.M
»» coats. yiiii j, Sutler st.
r AMKD-A WAIST FINISHER AND IM-
'» prover. 1430 o'Farn-:i si.
IK.si-.UIRL WANTED AT 677 MISSION
i.l street.
ISII ECHB WANTED >N CISIOM GOAT&
J 604 Jess.c st., corner teventb.
APPRE 1 ICE OF SOME EXPERIENCE ON
cus.om coats: salary. -08Vi >eve:illi a..
UrAXTKD-VO'JM) GIRL TO TAKK CARE
''of baby and a-sist in tigat hous-worK. Ap-
p y 6>l Shotwell, bet. Twentieth «i.d i'wenty-iirsi.
T3ESPKCTABLK WOMAN to TAKE CARE
Xt of baby in return for toed home; references
exchanged. 2709 .Mission s-
TAXLORKSa wanted forcustom-maDK
X coats: also a, prentice. 909 Foisom sU
I>ROTEsTaNT UIUK; .\L>O NURSE; GKR-
. man preferred. Ca 1 between 1 and 4 1: ji.,
42S Fair Ouks SL.
A PPRKNTICE FOR DKLsSSMAKiNU; IF
■£\- uecessary, good uoiu*. »13 Uonratd su
QL" ck Machine sewer; also ap-
preulice; paiJ in twu weeKS. 601 Leuveu-
W.Tlil su
yOUKQ GKIiMAN GIRLFOR PLAIN HOUBE-
X wotk; umall wages, but good haiice to learn
pracacul midwlierv and i.urs ug. AIR:. DR.
1-LNKE, 1416 Eig.uh St., A.umeda.
GIRL OR MILiDLd.-A«-ED WOMAN KO
housework uud piaiu cooking. 1307 l-'i.luiore.
ITXPERIKNCED PAMPHLET FOLDERS
Xj wnmed. Apply FREYuang «fc LEARY, 11^
Davis st-
\Y A IED-. F11..-T-CI.ASS fINISHER ON
'• coats. 41iy Kraruyst., room 2.
GIRL WANTED i-OR LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
no wosaln,. Apply 244i,j, Oak s'-
\\ r ANTED— PURCHASER FOR M ILLIN ERY
»» business on Market su; price $300. SPEv.K
it CO., bOJ Market st.
GI!L OR BuY TO ATTEND DOORBELL
from 6to 7: piauo lessons in exchange. s. 8..
box M, Call Office.
GIRL, A.-SIST GENKUAL 11OC>K\VOHK: 2
in family; $1U; but. 9 ana 11. 1918 a Go.deu
Gate aye.
4MARIY..T -1. — AN'Cll OFFICK Of lilifi
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
ANTED- 2 s.MALI. SINGLE FURNISHED
" rooms for young man aad mother. Address
E. L. D., USS Mission St.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFi ICK OK 'IHK
Call: want ads and subscriptions laKen.
p IRL ABOUT 16 TO aTTK ND TO GaLLERY.
VJT address l£>o.> I'olk st.
iMNISHKRS, ALsO APPRENTICE: PAID
X I while loarniug; custom pants 923y Foisom su
/>] - LAitKJN — BRAN<. Ji uFFICK OF THK
v»Xc* Call; subecrlptions and wuot ad*, taken.
Bt-tsTAND QDICKEBT PLACE ON EARTH
to learn ditssmakli.g and millinery: patterns
2ic: call mid y-« our mammoth ution.
McDowell's, 103 Post su
SF. DRKSS-CUTTINO SCUO'.L— FRENCH
_. tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 llarKeu. r. 64.
OST CON V MX N 1 AN.. RESPECTABLK:
Winchester Hous», 44 1 hlrd si., near Market:
i!OJ rooms: 25c to $1 6J par night; $1 60 to $1
per week: free 'bus aud baggage to and irom ferry.
/' 1 ,- LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
IU *J CA :L. Subscrirtlons nti'' want ads taken.
AIALt: 11KLP VVA.NTKIJ.
i o v TO WAIT at tablk, $15 PER MONTH.
i> Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter su
HORsKSHOKR, COUNTRY t-HOP. $12 A
week and increas": carriage-paluter. count-y
$2 50 a day. C. R. IiANsEN <ft CO.. 110 Geary sU
/• BHIP-CARPENTEItS, COUNTRY, $3 A DAY-
U see party here. C. R. HANSEN <b CO., 110
G«ary sL
"VJEaT UPSTAIR- PORTER WITH RKFER-
XI ences. country hotel, $20: housem.tn, country
h-tel, $20; 2 bellboys, hoiel, $10. «.. R. HANSEN
<fe CO., 110 Geary su
O 1 1 A POOE F R A TURKISH BATH, $40
O C. R. HANSEN <fc ■ 0.. 110 Geary st-
"l l\ FARMKRS, DIFFERENT RaN»HE-. $20
XU and $15: farnjer, '.lenn County, $J0: 3 Scan-
dinavian farmers, same raiidi, $16; farmer for an
orchard, $JO. 2 German fariiiers, same ranch, $i.O;
Geiman iarmer,, Contra Cos. a County. $15; 2
larmers who ciui drive- hones. $20; 2 choremen
$10 and $15. C R. HaNSi.:. 6l CO., 110 Geary su
ECOND COOK, GOOD ON SHORT ORDERS
restaurant, city. $45; cook and helper for a
cump, (36 and ?2!>: waller boy for a camp, «12;
pantryman 10 make salads and open oysters, §35-
-kltciien band, hote', city, }20; Cook and wife $35"
luau to mane lumales, $2j. C. R. HaNsEN <fc
CO., 10 Geary si.
TRONER FOR TYLER MACHINE. COU\-
X try laundry, $35; man and wife to wash and
iron, country laundry. $50; washer, country
dry, $;;o. C. R. HANSEN i. Co., 110 Geary st.
STKONG. ACTIVK NIGHT SCRUBBER FOR
country hotel, 525 ami free fare. C R. HAN-
I SEN <t C J., 110 Geary su
CAOOK ANI- DISHWASUKR, COUNTRY $45
) and $15; butter-maker $30; 2 milkers, coun-
try, $a 2 50: 5 woodchopp-rs. vineyard hnnd, $20-
-6 larmbands, $15, fare 25c: washer, country
hotel, $15: otlice b>y, $3 a week; tailor for city.
R. T. W a RD <ft CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
\k ANTED-6 SHIP-CARPENTERS, SEE EM-
»» ployerhere. $3 a day; 10 farmhands for large
vineyard company, first-class place, $20 and
found; 6 farmhands for vineyard, 75c a day and
found: 3 younc men to pull weeds and do'other
light work on ranch. $15 per moi.th aud fou d:
butter-maker. $.0; 2 milkers, f;0: buiter-maker
$26; milker. lili; 2 choreboys, $10; middle-a.ed
mau to do chores about private place ln City. JSlo
and found, good home; boy for gn>cery store i->
city, $16 and found; -i teams era for city, $1 75
per day; butcher for ranch, $25 und found. W D
EWKR A CO., «26 Clay st.
ANTED-FLOORMAN AND BHOKR *"OR
blacksiuiih-shop: short distance in country
$2 a day: blackumltii-shop to rent in solenoid lo-
cation; first-clan* pro on to good man. Call
for particulars on W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
WANTED-YOUNU MAN TO DRIVE MILK
TT wagon iv <jiy; city experience and city r*i.
erence required; *-5 ppr month and Jouud. W
D. EWER & CO., 626 Ci. y.
WAN TED-BUTTER-MAKER AND . SALES.
TT m«n for a dairy depot in city, $25 per month
aud found; no mllkiug. reference requfr-d. first-
class and steady position. W. D. EWh.R <fc co
626 Clay. "'
WANTED— WAITER, $t0; HO-
tel waiter, $25; kitchen-hand, $20; dish-
washer, $15 and room; shln-uoner, $30; bedmait-
er who speaks. French. s2.» und found: German
boy, jrivate htuse, $10, etc. ANDRE'S. iOB
siockton st.
T\T ANTKD— TEAMSTERS FOR COUNTRY
1 f» $20 and iound; Sans $3 86. 325 Sutter su
m," WAXTKn-Cojitlnn*-".
\/|AN AND WIFK FOR MINING CAMP: SEE
i»J party In office 9tolo a. M MARTIN <fe CO..
749 Mar«eu t ,
Tir.MTKR, $7 A WEEK: 2 DISHWASHERS,
'* $i 6; washer, *4 a wefk dishwasher, $6
a week: 2 dishwashers. $20 ami room; ioy io
wash d!she S; disuwasber »nd wait some $15 and
roo.u. MARI <t CO., 749 Martcet st. -
pOOK, $35 AND ROOM COOK, $MJ AND
\J room: j (ierman coo^s ?3l' and room: cook.
$25 aud room. MAKTIW « CO., 749 Market su
o waiters. »'2O AND ROOM; WaITEH,
•-» whocancoo-; oystfrs, $7 a week; 2 waiters,
country, $2u an I r.'om: waiter. $15 and room;
waiter. ■ city, 1.25 and room: 5 lunch and dinner
waiters MARTIN <fc CO., 749 Market st.
VI INER.BURLEH.H M ACHIN INGERBOLL
ii- drill; pi siliou as foreman If suitable; see
pnrty 9toloa. X, MAI. TIN <t CO., 749 Market.
y'Oi .\(i ..AN FOP. CHICKKN RANCH: $10;
-L s^e par;y here. MARTIN 4 CO., 749 Market.
KRMAN WAITER, $?5 AND KOOM. MAR-
TIN <t CO.. 749 Market st.
COOK AND WAITER, COUNTRY HOTEL;
$50 and room. MaKTI.% «k CO., 749 Mar*eu
OUfl MEN. AND BOYS WANTED TO-DAY,
— i't> ir.im $16 to $75 month and found. Follow-
ing «re a few situations we oflVr: 30 firmers.
orchard oud vineyard hands, $-5, $20 nod $15,
for . lffer.-nt pia.es: .0 milkers, 420 and found;
chees.m^ker, see boss her* at 9 a. m. io-U«j, $35
»jid f >ui;a: 35 men as tean>s:rrs, 2 and 4 noise
trams, for alaree Dankinjr company. $i:0 <t found:
3 ciioremen fur ranches, $10; 10 granite-drillers,
if l/o a i!ay; 16 rers, city cumpo uork, $J0
a. d found; 5 f.«rnjers, -6c far , No. 1 ranch: 3
blacksmiths, different places, $2 50 er duy ana
$45 per month K:.d found: 30 woodchoppers, dif-
ferent places, $1 10 per cord: larnier who can
ta<e plu of soreman, $20 and f,.und nnd ln-
creas. : 2 old men to do chsres, $10 and found;
3choreio>M f,,r ranclieii *8; 2 m«n to pick mus-
tard and radUh ou of bar.ey, $15 and found, 25c
fare; painter and do k» sominlug for an lnultu-
tion; 6 strong young men to learn a trade, »15 a <1
found and increase: blacksmith to run a .'hop on
share*, company f urnUhe.t .op. tools, material
etc.. and K lve one-half oi profits; 3 granite cuib
cutters, 8c per foot, and a ions list of other places
too numerous o advertise. Please call ami read
our buileili.-boards. .MURRAY <fc READY, Lead-
Ing rmp.oyinen; agents, 634 und 636 Clay st.;
telephone Main 5848.
"DUTTER-MAKKR FOR A COUNTRY DAIRY,
1J $3s , " nd found; see boys here. MURRAY &
READY. 634 anu 646, lay st.
l\ CO- X-, $35, $40 AND 165; SHORTORDER
'» cook, $:<0: 3 waiters. $25 and $30; 2 .Ilshw.-Bii-
ers, *15 und »1M): walt-r foi bakery, $25: be.l-
coy. $8: grocery clerk, $40. see boss here Wednes-
day, ip ii . for couniry. MURK AY & PEADY,
Leading Kmp.xynient Agents, 654 and t;36 Clay
bU, Tel.pi.oi.* 6848.
COOK, COUNTRY KKSTAURANT. $1(1 A
we»k *rid room; dis»asher, countrr hotel. $15:
£ men to run mowers $-'0: 2 men for hnvii.-id,
W'JO; 2 fnrmbauas, n.-ar city, $16; 6 woodrhop-
l«rs, 4-foot ive oak; vineyani hands, V2O and
$.5: tailor; oIBc bay. S3 a wees. R. T. WAi.D
«fc CO., bOB and 610 Clay sL
WA.NTiiI!- 10 LVBOKERS, $1 75 A DAY;
" cream-ry 6ut:er-maker, $30 to «35; 10 farm-
ers, $i a <iav anl ,f2O a n.onh: woodchopp.rs;
mi k»rs, $20 a d $^l! 60: cuoremen: as-lstfint
gardener, $i 5; Scotchman for private family, $20
unJ foun.l: blacksmith.' $:-i0 and f und. Apply to
J. F. CKOSETr <fc C"., b-8 -at-ramento sU
W ANTED— 10 LABORERS; ( ITY; $1 75 A
'» day. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 6-8 Sacramento.
WA.VTftj-BAKKR; C'IUNTRY SHOP: $40
»» and found. J. F. CROSh.TT <t CO., 628 s>ac-
ramento su
ANTED— U. HBAT, I IKK, I'LKASR
'» call: butler, $25. second cook, $50: < edm>ker
for institu .on. 820 and found: 2 i>e..b -vs. $10:
e.evaiorcoy,- $10 : firu-class re^taurunt wui.er.
Apply to J. F. CiIOsETT <fc CO., 628 Sacramento.
BAKER FOR COUNTRY HOTEL. $50. Ho-
TEL GAZKI 1 4^o Kearny su
PETENT WAITER; PIvIVATE BOAKD-
V/ ing-house: wau'ea $-0. .MRS. SPENCER, 1321
l'aric su. Alameda.
SUBKB ELDERLY MAN; GARDENER;
cart> f ir 1 horse, do cboies, etc.; small wages.
612 Kearny, 10 A *.
\\T ANTED— YOU NO MAN* TOWASHDIbH-
"' es; $ 0a montn. Cor. Bay aud Webs sis.
STRONG BOY IN BLACKSMITH-SHOP WHO
understands the business. RaGaN &
SCHLtGEL, 956 liarrlson su
VUANTKD-A OOOD GLASSHOUSE BOTTLE
.'» ii o.ti-mak r. Apply iilasswor»s, seventh
and Towuseiia sis.
/IOATMAK. RWAN . ED— TO WORK INSIDE;
V^ BteuU; work for gooi workuiaa. 697 Mission
Bt, THOMAS K. Ki.NT.
OY, AGKI) 16 VKAKS, RESIDING WITH
J-> parents: references requireJ. 130 Powell su
L'IHSI-CI,ASS BABB KiIS FUKNISIiED BY
J? International ulou Free Km ploy mem Bureau,
34 Fourth su, ihe Modern. L LKS.s. .-ecreiary.
MAN TO WORK IN CIGAR FA' TORY AND
store; take half-interest In business. 202 Mc-
Allister st.
STRONG MAN TO WORK ON A RANCH;
plow and rtiise vegetables, $12 per month;
reference. Call 2;-i9 Post.
O'_><| HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THIS
ijOU Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
STRONG BOY WHO UNDERSTANDS WAGON
blncksmlthlng. 637 ; rntinan.
I^IBST-Cl<ABa C4RKIAOB WOODWORKER;
X also : nisher. 8-8 Harrison st.
U'ANTKD— FaRMER, SINGLE MAN, GOOD
»' mllk-r. handy with hones, wages $2u. Call
33 Frvinont s;
I>HWaSHEi:s WANTr.D AT THE TROY
Hole], Uulun Iron Wor<ts. Twentieth st.
VOU.\G BAKBER WANTED SHORT DIS-
J- ta ice in country, w.ges $9. Call between 7
aud 8 a. m , 2 Eighth st.
V\rANII.D-A REiIABLE BOY. AG''. 17, IN
" grocery: references required. 1018 Pacific st.
TKADY MAN TO ASSIST IN TAKING
kJ orders in store and collec. ; experience not nec-
essary; uiust h»ve $160 cash and be satisfied with
$18 per m e<-k to start. 777 Market si., room 7.
OAKLAND 15c BARBKR SrHCP: CENTRAL
location: sickness cause of selling. -M. X.,
box 11, Call Ofilce, Oakland.
LMRST-CLASSTAILOKS ON LADIFS' CLOTH
X coats and suits: apply Immediately. H.
LIEBES A CO., 13»-135 Pos. St.
TWO WITH $5 EXP. NSE MONEY CAN
seenre permanent positions la country town.
Apply at 9 Geary st room 2.
pARPENTERS WANTED— IO GOOD SWED-
\J isb carpi'iit* rs aud one nwedish foreman, who
can sliow ih-v are good mechanics, industrious
and trustworthy; good ODponumty to HUitable
panics. Address 9. C.. box 98, call Ofllce.
AV' ANTED— A MAN TO LEASE A TAMALE
" parlor with objec'. to buy On installment; is In
first-class tunning order: ony neiessary to p«y
rent: must coma well recommended. Apply 422
Eleventh St., near i roadway. Oakland.
HAND-.OME CANDY-ST'iRE FOX SALE
cheap; partca.sh; investigate. 427 Kearny.
S)P\*)H Ml»blUN bT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
-itJ— U 'ihm Call: itubacnpuoiu ana waut aua
Uken.
\\' ANTED —J A I'ANN ER FOR TINWARE.
" Apply GEORGE H. TAY CO., 616 tattery.
I>ABTT HAVING SMALL CAPITAL CAN
- secure situation. B. A,, box 47. Cail.
U ANTED— MAN WITH $150 TO ACT AS
treasurer of variety company going on the
road. Man.ger. C. R , box 96, Call Office.
L'XPEKIENCED YOUNG MAN TO DRUM
•-J lor Kas fixtures on commission basis. 623
Golden Gate aye.
INNEi: WAITKR AND DI>HWASHER.
1 16 Turk St., rear, ca.l after 8 A. if.
ortv. Mi>Mlo.N — hUHsOiiiITJOXa-"* jI.HU
—O — ' i want ads taken fur THK CALL.
WANTED— PURCHASER FOR MILLINERY
" bn-iitiesi on Market St.: price «300. BPKCK
«fc CO.. 602 Market.
C TOFFEE SALOON: RECEIPTS »60 DAILY;
" / nenr chronicle; cheap for cash. SPECK &
CO., 002 Markeu
pOATMAKERS WANTED. APPLY AT xl
Va. M.it Stevenion-sU entrance to CHARLES
LYONS', London Tailor, 7JI Market st.
p E. MOTHKR SICK. WRITE.
I>AKBKK.s— (OR EMPLOYMENI CALL SEC.
-L> P. C Barbers' Assn. S. FUCIIs, 325 Grant aye.
JOIK.Ni.. KAU..KA..-V j...l'U>V!di.W
aerretarr .H. LEI'.NaKD. 10'J r-eventn si.
'J-J(i IiAVKS &T.— BKANCU • OFFICB OF
')t)O lai Calx.; »uiMicripuou4 ana watu aas
taken. ;
LADIES' SOLING, 35c; MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
fine shoes made $'2 up. 662 Mission st. -
'JlliWl **axb, another LOT men's SHOES,
«- lM J\t been damaged by water, at less than one-
fourth their value, uom 75c up to $2 60. 662
Mission su, beu Fust and second.
Wanted— men iv , leakn barber
•» trade; . shops, tools, positions furnished; 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College. 138% Eighth.
ELCHo JtucJ ... eaVi' "it rtKfclt. 'tf irilt
XJ 20c. '25c io 50c nlsrnt: $1 to $'2 weeic.
,"\*>7 JklON'iGuMKliY bl.. BRANCH OFFICB
•'— i lilmmuu; want ads aud auuscrtpUons
Uken. . • .-. .-. :: ":.
rTIUE ROSEDALE. 321 ELLIS— CHKAPKBT
J- and best lodging-house north of Market su
HKLI' WANTED- Continued.
U'ASTKD-IiABORERi AND MECHANIC'S
• " io know thai Ed Rolktn, Keno House proprie-
tor. stUi rnns Denver House. 217 Third St.: ISJ
iarge rooms; '.;6c per nlgnt: *! to $;•> i er weelc
KMiln., \,.iXi^ :w ii...s i' >--i-l Bor-
. I!.- b.-er i-r win- ftc- i«-sv tr«r lench. Cla/.
l/« 7 NINTH Si. —BRANCH OFFICE OF
JL)< 'lM.it (.ALL: kUbbcripi.io.4 tua *ans ads.
taken.
BE>r IN CITY— .-(INGLE HOU.MS, IS. 'JO ANU
D 25 cenia per night: $1, $1 -5. $1 60 per wwi
I'aclnc House, Commercial and j.eulesrlorll sis.
\(\(i ; EN TO IAKI. LODOISU Al lOC. ISO
±\J\J and 20c a nljnu Including coil««» ana lOti*.
t24 Wasnlnglon bU. nVar K.-ani -
SINGLE RtiOMS lOC AND 16c NIGHT, 60c
ai.d 75c wtek. Lindell House, btzttl and Uowad.
S\V. COR. KIXIKKM It M., NEAR MISSION:
- br.inch ofilce of lum. Call, subscriptions and
want ads laken.
Vfc ANTED. TOi OLLECI Dt E LABOB-
"* ersAcierks KN OX Co. lection Accv. 110 butter.
— —
f|«KV ACME ii.-C?.-. I-...' iAKiki.l »i.. Xii-
X iow Btzth. tor a room: il>c •- Klglit: $1 nvetl
ROOMS. 150 IO 75c PER M^HT: 600 'lo»l 50
JIV per weeK. Oriental, 225 Drumru Ht.
Want ad» AND hUBSCBIPTIUAd r<>«
"* The Call nr» taken at branch otllcu sottUf
west corner fclxU'eruh Riid iJisstou »t«.
W ANTED— liOOAls. 18. A DAY: 41
'» week; room-i lor % 250 a day. $1 6o m *»•«.,
j readinf-room dal!>' rnpers. 3b Clay st.
WINCHtai -\ jiulish, -4* "1 HUH) 6T.. Kit,
Marcec: 200 looms. -'>• a night: reading-
room: ire* hiw and oe-trn«fl to anfi from the lecnr
A(iEM'S VAKTKD.
WANTED— AGENTS, EITHER SEX TO
*» sell choic- good mining company shares;
lar^e commissions paid; fuli particulars, prospec-
tus, etc.. free. Aduress CUAS. MARTINA CO.,
Mining Stock Brokers, Seattle, Wash.
AGENTS FOR DYKING WO KB. 685 THlR-
tteth St., near Grove. Oakland.
OENTS— A. BOOK WRITIEN BY GEN-
eral Milea. commnnder-ln-chief of the United
Mates army; full of interesting Indian experi-
ences by itM great Indian fishier: one agent's
commissions over $40 the first 2 days. F. PElt-
SON. Mgr. finuscriptlon Depaitment, The Whlta-
ker <t Ray Company, 723 Market si.
(.EN TS— A CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA
-fv map: test; laiesi: you can coin m ney. F
PERsoN, Mr. subscription Depu. The Whi'taker
«fe Hay Co., 723 Market st.
T ADIES TO HANDLE THE FAMOUS BEAU-
JU tiliers, EE-ptian Enamel, Medicated Cera.e.
BPI I. Kit, 131 Post st.
boakdim) WANTED. •
ROOM AND board wanted FOX lady
and 2 chiia>en, 3 and 5. Aitdress 8 Essex au,
Kmcon Hill.
f^~—^— —^— —^^— ——^-^—^
ISUOMS \* AN IKL».
\\r ANTED— SUITE OF 2 or 3 WELL FUR-
*» nislied rooms near P.<rk on cable line. R. \V.,
box -49 Call Otlic«».
WANTKD-aiISCELLANEOUs.
SELL YOUR ROOKS. NOVELS CLOTH-
Iug to a. Xl .KIN, 109 »ix:hs:.; send postal.
PIANO STORED FOR UHE OF BAME: RE-
sponslble pany; no children. Address P., 339
Hayes St.
WANTED — GOOD LIGHT SECOND-HAND
»» w.gon M., lox 20, call Office.
\\r A NTED-O' OD BICYCLE FOR LOT
*» (clear). B , box 82, < all.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. W.
MIND, watchmuker and Jeweler, 226 His St.
I UILDiNUS BOUUIIT; LUMBER, HASHED
J-> «loor». mantels «>tc. for frl>« 1169 M^^im «•.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
WHAT IS YOUR VOCATION?
" HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
WHAT ARE YOUK HOPRST
Mrs. DR. F. CLARK will lift the dark veil of
your future life: she gives you valuabe ADVICE
and AID In all affairs of life, of private »s well as
of business nature a.->, lor ln-tancv, i>ertaining to
Love, Matrimony, Friendship, Business Law.-uits,
Contested Wills, Divorce. Damage Suits. Claims.
JotirnevH. speculHtions, Mining, etc.
sup discovers lost or stolen property, finds burled
treasures, prevents sickness misfortune: recon-
ciles the separatea, thus ren.oruig lost happiness.
Every person it adapted to some particular busi-
nes>, profession or trade.whlcn may justly be term-
ed thel.- true vocation, and yet mire tnan half of
you are fighting against an unknown fate for fame,
lortune und position which you do not and cannot
obtain until you find your true vocation.
"flice h<urs. 9 to 8 dnily and Sunday. Fend
stamp for circular and special terms. MRS. DX.
F. CLARK. 1206 Market su. fran Francisco.
T>OOMS CROWDED
t AND EVERYBODY SATISFIED,
TELLS FULL NAME.
Ai»KS NO QUESTIONS.
MRS. NASH,.
CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
This celebrated m- d.urn, the clairvoyant of all
clnirvoyants. who sees ll a.l, tells you all and lu-
stantly elves you peace and happiness. 1 n»ver
ask a question, but before you utter a word I tell
your name, names in full of ati that you are Inter-
ested in, all dates, f.icts. etc. I tell you who are
true to yon nnd who are false, what hopes you
may havi- winning' your d?Mres and what obsta-
cles are In your way and how to remove them.
How to make tne best of your talents and pros-
per. How to g»t money. I find lost articles and
locate hidden treasure. Before en ering into bust-
ness, law, divorcr or marriage consult me. Drive
away evil spe:ls, •uunti.lni; blocks, bad luck and
habits, anil overcome ail evil works, rivals and
enemies. I never fail. I have brought abont
more happiness than hII oth. indiums. thers
are be helped; why not you? If you are going to
see a medium, why no at>e the very best? It costs
no more. Nothing to be paid in advance, and if
not entirely satisfactory nothing at all. Do you
desire anything fairer than that? Residence. 4U)
Eddy su, between I eavenworth and Hyda. Ofilce
hours: 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
LADIES RECEIVED ONLY.
N. B. — No signs. Permanently, located.
ME. ARXDT. THE GREAT GKRMAN FOR-
tune teller, the best in the world, can te.l you
the past and future- the best card-rea<ier; she can
t>il your fortune br Palmistry, the Ei*g aud by
the Planets; will show you a picture of your
future husband or wife, and will telt you your
fonune from he cradle to the grave. Come and
yt;u will be surprised. s=hf cures all diseases br
sympathy: has never fal cd. -he is t lie seventh
Bister of the seven: she bat the seven seals. She
is the greatest mind-rea.ier. nnd can tell you re-
Kardnt: speculations, business and mining: give*
lucky numbers; all family troubles •attsfactorily
nettled. she has »p [eared before ull the crowned
heads of i-.urope from whom she has flattering
testimonials. 957 Harrison s:.. between Flftn
and Sixth: price 25c and npward; ofilce hoars 10
A. v. to 8 p. m.
MMX. DR THOMAS. .SCIENTIFIC REVEA 1,-
-•r by eggs aud cards: tells entire Ufe< past,
present, tutnre; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good auvice: stirs
help; restores lost lovn ny sympatny. mistake Im-
possible: fee*l: letter $& Bay Pjsi »v. nr Larklo.
ME. PEARL RAYMOND, FROM THE
Kast; mugnetlc treatments. 7 Grant aye.,
rooms 7 and 8.
MX. MELBOIKNK. GIFTED CLAIRVOY-
ant; never falls: call and be convinced. 419 :
Geary su, room 22, second floor: 25c an.l 50c.|
\|MK L -NEAiAR— FORTUNES ToLD BT
J'J planets: predicted "74" passengers overdue •
Steamer island. 7 Giant aye.. room b.
CONSULT LUcKY MEDIUM: READ* FROM
cradle to grave; 25c. 2(1 Minna, basemenu
RS. MELVILLE, \\ KLL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyaut. 61 Fifth St.: water readings specially.
MME. VIOLKT CHESTER HAS ARRIVED;
palmist, magnetic healer. P.ms. 2-3, 223 Posu
ME. MOKJtAU, BEST FORTUnE-TKLLKR,
medium, card-reader; 26c up. 764 Howard st.
■\JME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
J-'l grave -.pictures given ; lariies 26c. 914 i/F<irrell.
GYPSY LIFE READER, 3 SEVENTH ST.:
ladies 25c, gents 60c; all questions answered.
THEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT. CARD READ-
er -;nd palmist. lib I .* Mission at., bet. 7thand Bth
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THB
t\. WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
SPIRITUALISM.
CV. MILLER'S MOTHKR BADIK MATE-
• rlalizine s>ance to-day 12 o'clock m. : to-night
trumpet &eance 8 o'clock, 535 Post; cts.
MMX. OSMAN. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM. GIVES
messages and advice on all maiten pertain-
ing to mortal xffalrv 838 Mission st.
VI RS.FULTON— MATERIALIZING ANCIENT
i»X spirits to-night; 60c: sittings dally. 3, Fell.
AM. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT SLATE
. writer. 118 Halght St.: hours 9 until 6p. m.
MMX YOUNG'S TKBT CTKcLE TO-NIGHT,
1»1 10c, 418 McAllister ; convincing tests.
MRS. MAYO STEERS, 112 Vi OAK: CIRCLES
Tuesday, Bp. v., Thursday, •_' p. if. : readings.
MRS, CJ.M E V ER— TKSTCIrt. '2 A DH P M.:
teststoatl; 10e; sittings. 326 McAllister st.
"IJEMOVAL— FRED EVANS, THE Si.ATK-
-lt writlng medium, it> now located at 1122 Market.
KK.J.J. HITNEY, .SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for message.s and advice. * 218 Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM. ;,
HYPNOTISM CUKK.S WHEN ALL KLSK
iaiia; alag tauguu Hypnotic Inau, 6 O'farrell. i
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HIGHEST CA>U i'KIOKs PAID FuRFURXI*
tnre, restauranu saloon flxture3 and grocerr
BtOCKS. STEN KG. 632 Mar : tel. main 1043.
EXPERIrNiED, RELIABLE OKOCERY
S-J man can secura part or whole of paying busi-
ness no opposition. STENBKRG, 632 Mariieu
Q I *-»^n PA KTNKR IN Flits r-CLASS ICE-
-0 I — O\J . cream and candy store and factory :
wholesale and retail; factory" tullv equipped for
larj;e trade: money to t>e used in business. sTEN-
BERG «fc CO., 632 Market St. ■
H;i;|W| BRANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS,
_UV/ . good location ; rent $11: present owner
here 6 years. STKNBERG <fc CO., 632 Market St.
ft-^fin BOARDING AND ROOMING
<t?*>*)\J\J. house: centrally located: large
grounds: low rent: 26 f.nel> furnisned rooms:
clet-rs $200 n month: always fu:i: every investi-
gation. -WEN BERG & « 0., 63-' Market St.
tj.'lk I..«UNDKY BOUTK, CLEARING
«D"<JV/. $100 .i month; good horse and wagon;
trial given. STEN BERG <fe CO., 63.! Market st.
qjji^.-ji OKNER BAKRoOAl; CHOICESr
<JH O\>. downtown location; doing a first-ciass
paying business: low rent; investigate at once;
you will hnd No 1 bargain. WILKE. 783 Market
<Bi \ii(\ -MINER.-, A ITENTION — GRAVKL
«Jpt.>UU. mine, il Dorado to.. Wildcat Creek:
covering 40 acre** gol<!-i.eannjr graye 1 : flrst-cla^s :
paying claim. Particulars WILKE. 783 MarkeU
»|>C/) CIGAR-STORE A.\H BILLIARD
tJi\>rJ\J. hull, wi:h 2 fine tables, fixtures and
stocK of Roods; actual value $1200; lively country !
town; must be sold this v.eek. Call WILKE, 783 j
Market su
C«Xf|fk FIKST-CLASSCIGAK-SIORE; THE
• ~)O\'\J. bes- location on Kearnyst-: hne fix-
tures: large patronHge; owner has otiier bu»iness.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market si.
ft Ijllll, RESTAURANT IN OAKLAND:
<Jp I v»»/V./. goo-' location: a com petition; owner
has operated tor 7 years: receipts *1000 or more
per month; going i.a-.i. WILKE, 783 Market st.
(J;('n/\ HA LOON ON terminus of
»]nUUv/. streetcar line: tine fixtures: doin? a
good business: cheap rent. WILKE, 7.-<3 Markeu
Q«_>r/-| CORNER SALOON: VI RY BE&T
t^» «JU. location; rent $20: owner keeps U
places: nm*t sacrifice; a first-ciass bargain.
WILKE. 783 Market su ■
JJ7E/| HOUSE OP 26 ROOMS; BF.!»T LOCA-
•Tr I O\J. tiou i-n Mark t s:. ; a rare bargain;
owner Is leaving for Europe. WiLKt, 783 Markeu
Qj'^^An CORNER GROCERY WITH ELE-
«JT.£«.'IJU. gant appointments; full siock of
choice groceries, delicacies, furnJv- liquor-, cigars,
etc: tbelocatio < Is A I. being right in the heart of
thecitv; 1,-icludinc new deliveiy wagon and fine
horse: caier o the finest class <if trade. WINS-
TON & THOMAS, 646 Market St.
BARGAIN; MILK DEPOT. WITH 1 LIVIXG-
room. musi b'.' «o!d on acccnniof departure;
no reasonable offer refused. WINS iON <fe
THOMAS, 646 Muritet st.
fljjCA(\ handsomely fitted up sa-
*ipO\J\J. loon: entranceon two streets: 4 rooms; j
bargain. Appiy to W. F. HEaLY, 917 Markeu
01- J l~.r 1 Esl AURANT AND COFFEE PaR-
UT -• t*J. lors; Market, su; clearing $75 per
month: this is a bargain. Apply \V. F. IiEALY,
917 Market st.
Cj 1 r.A KESTAUI NT. NEAR S. P. R. R. I
<U'J-«JU. depot: 4 l:vine-roon.s: *cry great bar- i
gain; on account of depar;ure. HEALY, 917 I
Market st.
<a?"| (\t\{\ ItESTAURANT FOKSiLK: PART
•iT -I \J'i\'. cash, balance on time; positive proof i
that receipts are $900 or more per mouth: cheap
renu Apply W. F. HEaLY, 917 Murkei st.
Ct >qA/k HOTEL WITH 30 WELLFUR-
_«JWV/. nished rooms: the only ho el in one
oi the most prosperous towns of Its size in the
ota:e; photograph at my office. M. LESS, 5
ourth st.
OLD- ESTABLISH Kl> CORNER GROCERY
and bar: big business: se is 20 half-barrels
beer week; lon s lea-e. KKIDV, 1027 Market si. .
IF YOU WANT TO BUY A GOOD BU-sINES-J I
ln any line cbeup c«U on GEO. WHEELEH. '
806 Market st.
\\' ANTED-KVi RYBODY TO LIST PP.OPER- !
"" ly for sale with GKOKGE WHEE'.ER; j
prompt attention, quick sales; room 15, 906 Mkt. i
111 AY;. A cusiomei: riiß branch BAK- ;
cry; cost $150 to $350. If you want to sell call i
on utOKGK WHEELER, room 15,906 Market.
IJtnn CANDY-STO E AND FACTORY;
«Hi*.lV/\J. fine location; must be sold by Tuesday- i
great chance. GEO. WHEELER, rm 15 906MarKt '
i%|") CASH ONLY — FINE ROOMING-
'Jj^^'^-f house: Van Ness aye.: price $450; bal-
ance without interest: rent free tlli JMay 6; 14
rooms; full; call afternoon. Ask address at Call
Brum h Office, 339 Hayes at.
LOl: SALK— SELTZEU RECIPE THAT j
X is used in ■ very houst-hoid. sulo 'n and drug-
store; will sell cheap. Address c , Lox 60, CalL
ALuOX, CHEAP. ON ACCOUNT DKPART-
ure; rentral location; bears investigation. In-
quire • lbuny Brewery.
/> ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
*l Eastern young lady. Room 6, first floor. 860 I
Market su
*)l \(\ CORNER SALOON; GOOD LOCA-
iT*j\i\J. tion; cheap; must seil at once. 551
Fourth su
I ADY WITH MEANS AS P \ RTNER FOR
XJ res aurant In first-class location. Address L.
U., box 67, Call Office.
MILK ROUTE; 90-OAL. TRADE; 2 HORsES,
wsgoo, cream separator, cans, etc.; all In
good condition. 159 second su
ood paying candy and notiox
store; uo opposition. B. C., box 60, Call Office.
BARGAIN; $50 PER MONTH ON AN IN-
vestment otflia 777 Market su
HOEMAKER-SHOP FOR BALE; CHEAP.
Apply this office.
SALOON— CHKAP; TRANSFER CORNER;
low rent; lease; selling Immediately; cause
sickness. Apply Call Office or 15 Dame St.. near
Thirtieth.
I'OR SALE-A GOOD PAYING GROCERY.
A variety, bakery and candy store; established
12 years A t ply at 811% Bryant st.
EXPRE&SBUSI ESSFOi. SALE— MUST BE
sola: price $185: stand worth price asked.
PHILBRICK, 2548 Folsom st.
ARGAIN: CANDY-STOKE, SODAWATER.
Icecream parlor; good reason for selling. Ad-
dress 408 c McAllister si.
(£Of|A SALOON: BARGAIN: MUST BR
•irZiUv. soid; cause. Immediate departure. 805
Howard sU
ISJ« (\l\ SALOON FOR S.ALE: OLD ESTAB-
«fi)*l \J\t. lished place: no night woric. App.y
Call Office.
RELIABLE MAN TAKE FULL CHARGE OF
XV branoh business; has btren conducted by pres-
ent owner 20 years; will clear at least $18 per
week to utart with: certainty of increase; must
have $150 msh. 777 Marget St., room 7.
OLD-ESTAIiIIsHED SALOON CENTRALLY
locmed opposite city lull; low rent. Apnlv
McLEOD <fc H ATJE, 616 Market su
C«1 OX OLD-ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT
»Jr)l £.*). doing good business; suitable for man
and wife: rent cheap. C. M., box 111, Call Offlce.
— _J
BUTCHER BUSINESS; $2000; FINEST
fitted: horses, wagons, refrigerator: $76 cash
trade daily. L.. box 60. Cal: Office.
Nil^nn BALOON ANJJr LODGING-HOUSK; j
•ITOVU. rent free; good reasons for selllug: see
this bargain to-day. 45 Third st.
OTATIONERY. NOTIONS, CANDY AND
O cigur store: 6 rooms: good place for man and
wife: ror sale cheap. 2002 Mason st.
LINE SALOON: MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE-
X rent $30; good stock: flne fixtures. 650 Clay I
St., cor. Montgomery. *
FIXTURES AND STOCK OF NOTION-BTORK
X for sale cheap. 41>-a Fulton su •
RESTAURANT; FINE LOCATION; CHEAP-
good place for twa 324 Larkin sU
'ft'^O PAR1 '- N1 WANTED; A OBkMAN
®£Q\J. preferred; saloon. 650 Sacramento gt.
ALF INTEREST IN ONE OF BEST BA-
loonsincity. 873% Market su
nENUIf.E SNAP FOR SOME ONE WISB
VJ enough to investigate a grocery In goo., run-
ning order; cash trade; first-class location; buyer
can take all or part of stocic or fixtures at a
sacrifice; pan cash, balance on time if good
To?! 10 Fro e sU. 'Sg? 0< M - £HRM^ *®S
iSTOO SALOON AND 9 FURNISHED
<P • W. rooms: best business corner N. of Mar-
-5 ,2 L:^ k" 3 ** 150 Per month; , on account of
death, s., box 65, this office.
">()()() I>KOPE V AND WATER
*B>A\J\Jy. plant worth 98000; win clear «160
W.X O r 6^s y o e fflVe. bttre^ PtOrabUSlneMm^
,*ftl 000 B , EbT MXLK BUSINESS IN THE
«PIUUU. city: store and route: chance for
box n 6 7? d thTsoffl C o e. C ' ear 150 «-' momh - M - B
•© 400 I>RY <*«>ODB, NOTIONB- HZ,
«JT 1"". lures: eood business; fixture, worth
the money; mu>t sell before Ist. Apply this office.
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR: KSTAB-
\J lished years: good location: rooms-
best argaiu In city. Address JL C box 10, C«IL
oß Sale or exchange— partner for
"i<> r SU ' r " and Callfor beer bottling business.
712 Fourteenth »t., near iuarket: 3 to 6 p. ic.
<U! 1 A(\ FRUIT AND CIGAR STORK FOR
tiPX'ii;. sale. 220% Leavenworth si.
CIROCERY AND BAR, WITH LIVINO-
I VJ rooms. Apply thla offic*.
BUSINESS CHANCES—
SEE BARRETT & BASILE. 573y 3 .MARKET
0 st.. for one of the be it bargains iv cigar-staod,
candy. notion-stores in the city.
KSTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION: GRKAT •
XV sacrifice: good Dusliiess; lowrenu BARRETT L
& C ... 3..^ .Via.kct st. , f
AKUAI.V: LUNCH WAOON; BEST COR-
ner: Rood bus. BARRETT<fcCO.,B73V 3 Market.'
©OOP; BRANCH BAKKRY, CANDY, NO-
•*)J.J.f). tion store; uorsh Murket: receipts 87 a
day: low renu BARRETT & CO., 673y MurKet.
flll 'A BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY, NO-
tJ'IO"*. tions- north or Market: rent 911; re-
ceipts $6. BARrtEIT & BAaILK, 873y 3 Market
lOAR-- TAXD > -II <• • AP: RENT FRKE. 8731/, .
Market st. $60. BAKKEIT & O. 873 Vis Mkt
AKEKY-BhST l'Ai ING HOME BAKERY
in the city: suitable tor man and wifa or two
les. Address 8.. box 39, Ca.i Oflice.
.-. |A ( GROCERY AND BAR: 5 LIVIXG-
t3)4UU. rooms; rent $35. It.quire Hlbernia
Brewery, ■ ■ ■ ■ ■
djcA WILL GET HALF INTEREST in 3A-
?Jp3VJ looa ; bargain: see it to-day. Call 142 >ia«
• n\ . St. ->'*/': >"-
ESTAURAsT AXING IN $10*15 A DAY
will be sold for .$..00. 145 Fifth st.
G~ ood paying business; grocery and
VJ bar; baeruent atiacbeJ. 160 i Powell BU,
cor. Vallejo.
<E*l i)C PER ACRE FOR HALF INTEREST
«JpX.— O in 640 tcres of mineral land, 7 miles
from Randsburg. Address Land, box 77, Call.
(J.^,,,, GROCERY ANDBAIv. LOW RENT;
«Jpt>UU. i.o opposition. Apply Call OlHce.
"L'IRST-CLASa BaKKUY FOR SALE OR
X rent. Apply 71 2 Vtdencla su
LOR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
X this paper. For puruc>ilars inquire Call Office.
PORTLAND AGENCY THIS i'Al'Eli. IX-
quire this office or at 133 Third St., Portland,
Oregon.
VINE hXl'lttbs I,.AM A>D WAGON;
X must be Bold at once. 211Larkinst.
CITY uUOl'ni i«jx» a^^-a. A.*VL,Y iHid
Office.
UTCHKR--»HOP T«J LET; FIXTURES:
Western Addition. 1208 Scott st., near Eddy;
key upstairs.
-VTOUNG LADY OF MEANS GENTLE- ■ '
X man partner: smiill capitaL 1 iOVi <^eary, r. 2.
ANDY, JCKCREAM STORE. FACTORY,
! soda fountain; doing gooa business: near Call
building: m>.e offer. Apply 45 Third st. j
]>ESTAURANT; GOOD PLACE FOR MAN
Xt and wife: cheap. Apply this offlce.
ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY A
vmin-. widow. Koora 8, 207 Post si.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
-I A-ROOiM HOUSE, CORNER $300
I\' 8-room new flat. b«t In city 80)
17 room bouse on s.xtii street t>;>o
17-room house, clearing $!<0 per month..... 75
IU-roum house, rent on y $40 "51)
2''-ro m boarding house, S3 50 cash 900
•_'2 rooms, fine corner 650
10 rooms, sunny corner, cost $800. price 350
1-i rooms on Sutter 350
7-room house, only 250
H. C DECKEH, 1020 -Market su, opp. Fifth.
1 C ROOMS, SUNNY CORNER. $760.
XO2O ri oms, pays 75. fine, $1250.
23 rooms, just newly turn*hed, $1000.
24 r oms, bar.ain: make offer: tffcOU.
44 room*; guaran.eed profl:sl2s; $1500.
83 rooms: 16 taili*: ele«ant; , art casa.
lOOroon-.s; ren. $250: new: modern.
WINsTON & THOMAS. 646 Market St.
QICKNESB COMPELS PAKTY TO SELL
O newly turnlsbei house of 23 loomsata sacri-
fice. WINSTON <fc THoM.»-, 646 Market sU
LODGING-HOUSE -0 ROOMS AND BATH
XJ Dear business center; always full: rent $45; a
great bargain. GEO. WHEELEK, 908 MarkeU
LODUING-HOUB •- OF 4S> itOOMS >.YD BASE-
XJ ment, for sale or for lent. Inquire 321 Mont-
gomery aye.
. . ■ .
T ODOIXG-HOLSh, 33 ROOMS, FOR SAIE
JU cheap; remsso. 739 Fo:som st.
ACHANCK. FOR A FORTUNE— THE NEW
Waldo loJg ng-hon«e, the best paying lodging-
hoiseln the city, running full steadily, is for sate,
as the present proprietor wishes to retire from
busine-s, having rnal zed enough money 10 live on;
no price set; au offer wanted. Apply on premises,
765 Mission st., from 12 to 3P, M. : no a -ems.
FURNITURE FOR KALE. I
ENTiKE STOCK T. H. "NE JLSOX. DECEASED, f
now being sacrificed to close estate: household
furniture every d scriptlon, new 2d-hand; pos-
itively below cost; geuuine closing oul 126 4iu.
AYE MONEY— BUY FURNITURE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co., 866 Missio.. ; advances.
HOU>EHULD KANGES AIIE the best
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Mark-i st.
ITCRNITUKE WANTED
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPa.NY. RE-
movivi to 1171 Mission su. near Eighth, tele-
phone Mint 1393. you get highest cavh paid for
merchandise, furniture, art goods, pianos, libraries
BEBT PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSE,
etc. STREET CRESWELL. Anctloneers.9'27
Market st. rm..Ut>. Houses bought in their entirety.
"I?URMTURE, STOVES CARPI Ts, COUN-
X ters, showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
If YoU WANI' iHiU,i I'lUtr.^i lfUlt FURNI-
lure and nuprphanaU" yw BCKII all Laricla.
CARPKT CLEANING.
CITY STKAM CABPET-CLEANIXG WORKS;
\J cleans, moves, ays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
Mgr, 38 and 40 l.ighth st. ; telephone South 260.
J WATTS, reliable rarpet-cleanliig renovtg, alt«r-
O . atlon works. 413 McAUlster. TeL Jessie 32L
CARPKT-> LEANING, 3c: LAYING, Sc: RUB
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. stratton, 38th su
nAKPETa Ci-EANED, RENOVATED LIKB
\J new. J. McQUEEJS,4S3 Stevenson. Tel. b.22&
WHEN Y«JU BECOMe: DIs.GUs.TEI> WITH
poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Ca-
rpet-beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. So. 40.
ADVANct. LAKPi.T-ULi.AMhvi CO. 4oJ
Suiter; lei. Main 394. UEO. WaLcoM, prop.
ARPETS CLEANED RENOVATED LIKS
new. US Tenth; tel. south 36. Mackintosh «fc Co.
Jt. MIiCHKLL. CARfET-CLEANING CO
. 240 14th su ; deaninz So a yard. TeL Mis. 7
r^ONKLIN'S CA&PJCX- beating WOKKa,
\J H'Sii uolden Gale aye. Telephone East 1-6.
FOX KALE-MISt'ELLANKOBS.
GKM IN A DIAMOND COLLAR-BUTTON FOR \
$45, worth *iOO. L'nc.e Harris. 15 ».rant aye. •
"I 7-HORSE-POWKR ENGINE, 1 4-HORSK-
JL power engine, with loller, gavenglne, lathes,
planers and shapers. 515 Sixth st.
LEGAXT FURNITURK. NEARLY NEW.
of 8 rooms, for sale; must be seen to be appre-
ciated. 630 .>ak sU, noar Webster.
ffljQi) AEROMOTOR WINDMILL AND 2000-
-i\rU\J. gallon tanic in good condition, toget her
with galvanized piping for sale. Apply of the
owner, 3824 Nineteenth st.
}pOR SALE CHEAP; FIN . FAMILY COW;
J gentle: milks 22 quarts. 2733 Army St., near
Sau Bruno ro d.
PIPE ORGAN FOR SALE CHEAP; SUITA-
b!e for church. Addrees P. 0., box 21, Call
Office. - •■?■
"IMPROVED SINGER SEWING MACUINK '
X. complete, cheap. 1916 Mission St., beu Fif-
teenth and sixteenth.
VMERY-WHi.EL STAND, SMALL I\;RTA-
Xi ble for^e, triphammer, belts, pu leys, etc
114 First st.
SODA FOUNTAIN FOR SALE cHKAP—
Tufts' make: 16 places for syrup, for mineral
water, 2 for soda; large Freacn-plaie mirror and
electric lights: cost $1100, for $600. Apply
P RAISER & BEW, Drngstore, Alameda.
ARS. • BACK. BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW.
-« ' cases, . counters, linoleum, office furnitun*
store and office furniture* and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. NOONAK. 1017-lOia-iUJI-JUaj
Mission 5... above sixth.
SCHOONER. NEARLY NhW; 25
*2>^\JV. tons. Wharf. Walnut su, Alomeda.
"L^OR SALE— 22-FOOT SLOOP YACHT; COM-
x piete; nklff and moorings. 38 Urst su
SAFES-NEW a.M> SECOND-HAND. CO9
Market st.
T)iCYCLES, NEW, HIGH GRADES, $45; 810
.VT., v"" Balns iv second-hands. Waverley Retail,
McAllister at. Wholesale, 61 First st. •
t-FOOX POIU-EL.AIN BATHTUBS fix) EACH;
V in perfect order. H. s. WHj«'E, 516 Mission. .
j^ll,KltS,>J.M J 4.vt.>,. v.u .i 4 A.\  jiACUINERY ;
XJ water-pipes. Mclntosh & Wolpmau. 137 BeaLa. \
C^Ofi-Kii MILL.. SCALES. LblTiilt PRES*
/stand desit. money tm, safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
k-A-R.% SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHKLV-
JJ ing, etc.. bought and so.d. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
LA...GE DOUBLE • COili-AK'liUSiM' COIN
bank saf*; chea,>. b Mission st.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZB
an ana burclar proof safe. . IV9-11X Alarknc H.HOUSES TO LET.
MODERN BOCSJCB, 8 AND 1U ROOMS, AT
reduced rents: in perfect order; keys at prem-
ises. Oak a d Lagui.asts.
QQ 3 ROOMS. 334 BKYASTSI',, BETWEEN
O«-/> First and Second.
qj9A 7 ROOMS AND BATH. VJ529 BRYANT i
0 — ". aye., bet. Twenty-third a:id Twenty- i
fourth st*.
1 ')(\(\ JACKSON ST.. NKAR JONES; 9 \
1 \tt> rooms, bath; sanitary plumbing: mod- ;
crn improvements; all uewiy fitted up: pieuty of j
sun: cable-cars; marine View; rent 940 per
month, WBter included: key at No. 1205. Apply
YON KHKIN & co., 513 cVlfornia st. '
OI OQ MASON, NEAR LOMBARD-BUOOM I
—-L — O bouse and bath; newly renovated; rent
$15; reut frea till Sr»t of month.
s3»9*J SU.NKY HOUSE. 6 ROOMS AND I
<P— tj. bath: lv good order; luree cardeu; water
free- '28*7 Howard st., between Twenty-second ]
and Twe:ity-th!rd. cars pnss.
Cjj j O HOUSE 5 ROOMS, 1230 PINE ST.;
0 ' U. tailor can ]>hv rent with work.
19 LILY AVIcT-iIiUSK OF 5 ROOMS; RENT j
1«- reduced: key at 113 Oa« St.
COl 1 DOLORES. BE I. TWENTY-FIP.ST AND j
0*.12 Twenty-second— 6 ruonis and bath;cbea|\ J
OUSKS TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE !
money et BALDWIN & HOWELL'S, 10 j
Montgomery st.
1 99il BUSH — SUNN Y HOUSE: 9 ROOMS:
J — _"' yard: rent r"-.(B>>nßbi<» to rood tenant
HKNISHKD HOUSES.
— . — — ' ' ~~. JHB. —
TO LKT-FUKNISHED MODERN Sti^RV*!
i- cor-er tiat: <6 rooms and bath. Apply on the I
prem 's 1438 Hatßhtst.
4i/'OA?P- UPPER VLAT 4 LARGE
■til' rooms, furnished; $20. Call between i
11 and a - - /
HBMSUKD FLATS.
Cj99 "n FOR ADULTS: UDMFORTABLK
O — -•wU. rooms: 1 ath: 2 beds: 2 stoves, gaj
and coal. 1917 Ovary st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
YEW COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS; BATH: BASE- J
-!■' ruent and la>ge garien; rent cheap. Appiy ;
17 Haitie st., near Eighteen h-st. car.
19C1 FIFTH ST.— 2 SUNNY: ROOMS FUR- I
*x— O-j nished for housekeeping; water in |
kitchen.
SUNNY COTTAGE, 4 LARGE ROOMS, BASE- !
O ment aud yard. 1864 Fifteenth St., ur. Dolores. ;
fiQO') BUSH— COTTAGK B SUNNY i>OOMS; I
— L £i*U ba;h: large basemeni; garden: low rent, j
$7 REAR COTTAGE, 4 KOOMS, BASE- |
O • • ment: water free. 339 Jersey st. Cas:rorars.
QF REAR COTTAGK, 3 ROOMS: QUIET,
CO. sunny. 715 'lebama St.. Dear i^lghth.
~ AND 8 BOOMS: MODERN COTTAGES
0 with stable; $16 and 9-5. 2635 Bryant St.,
near Twenty-fourth
QQ -r\ COTTAGE, 3 ROOMS. 18 PROS- I
<^.«)U. poet aye., bet. Iwenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sts.
TO LET- COTTAGE 5 ROOM6> AND BATH;
renrflS. 449 Uryant st.
FLATS TO LET;
B" E AC T I F U L NI . W FLAI XE Xr The" PARK
at low rent to responsible party, with refer-
ences. Apply at owner's omce, 803 butter St.,
room 43.
TO LET— FURNISHED— ELEGANT MODERN
J cottage of 6 rooms: bath and basement. 1936
Kddy st., tet. Devisadero and Broderick.
IAI U Er.HSST.-NICELY LOCATED MOD- i
J.U J. • ' crn flat of 7 rooms and bath: rent $Is.
(JIJ FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; YARD.
Cl 214 Eleventh St.. i.tar Howard.
490 FELL ST. — M I>l, UN isUNNY PAY- j
*-i— O window flat sroomi and batli: cheap rent.
11-1 FILLMORE ST.— CPPER FLAT 5
XlO-2 rooms; cheap to permauent tenant.
<•>. 1 PO&T, BET. POWELL AND MASON—
A— —■£ buany flat of 3 rooms; $16.
QIQ ITPEK FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
O-1Q- 1625% Pine st., abov-. Van Ness aye.
MEAUTIFUL FLAT OF 5 ROOMS: BATH: j
I) stationary wash tubs: largo yard. Apply !
1521 Broadway or SHAINWALD, BUCKBtE i
.t CO.
T KW FLATS, 4, AND 5 BOOM*: SI3AND
i-i $15: modern Improvements. 1666 Twenty-
second st. ...
1;-L 1"; 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 7i9 HARRI '
sun s:.. bet. Third and Fourth.
C LARGK BOOMS AND BATH: Al-L LATE
•' improvements; large parlor; $20 (er month. j
2936 ifornla St.; Key at bouse.
CIHOICE UPPER AND LOWER FLATS: ALL !
\J modern Improvements. See owner on prem- !
ises, (j cohingwoo.i sc. half block trom junction of ;
f-evemeenth and Marxet s;s.
010 j O'FARRELL, NjSAR BKODERICK—
— J-O"± Sunny siue: large 5-room flat, with bath i
acd other modern conveniences: bas two lur^e
*eparat«rear rooms: rent reduce! to $20; must !
be seen to be appreciated.
7"|{»NATOMA ST., BET. EIGHTH ANd|
I iv> Ninth— Flat oi 4 rooms; ashes and water 1
paid; $10. j
L LAT S LARGE SUNNY ROOMS: CELLAR; !
T $9. 29 Ringoid St., near Ninth and Fo;som.
1 J.lf|l MISSION, NEAR I.I.KVENTH- 4 OR !
XOltJxb suuay rooms; bath; laundry; rent
914 up. I
f'HOICE UPPER FLAT: 7 I.OOMS; MODERN !
\J improvements. 1710 Hyde st. \
Ul ri ELM AVK.— 2 FLAT? 3AND4ROOMS,
LI lUg6 and f7 month; water, yard. 1512
Golden Gate aye.
£.«.;/ k »i LARGE ROOMS: LARGE YARD
C — '-'• and stable: 4144 25th Bt., cear Castro.
$15— Lower flat. 1411 Guerrero St., near Army; j
6 rooms: porcelain.
OAK— S ROOMS, OK WILL SELL FUR-
— O niture on easy payments.
DO YOU WANT A NEW FLAT OK COT-
tage: cheap. See bPrCK & CO., 60Z Mar.et. :
1 IC\K POST— 8. 4 ANI 5 ROOM FLATS;
I I \J\J tatha: garden; rent Sl5.
LATS TO LKT rOK V£KV LITTLE
1 money at BALDWIN <fc UoWEIL'S, 10 Mont-
comery st.
Q--1 r LOWER FLAT; 543 CASTRO, NEAR I
iTXO. 19th: 5 rooms; poicclain Dath.
/>UEAP MODERN FLATS, i> AND 6
V. roon:?. S S to $16: •«»» tli. m. 523 nt.
HOISEKKKI'IXO KOO3IS.
iiryant Street.
AQ(\ BRYANT— I OB 2 SUrfNY ROOMS ,
IOU nicely furnished for bouseiceeplng.
r.1"l BKYANT ST..- NEAR THIRD-LARGE |
OX X sunny suite; runnlnc water; 10 per month. I
Diamond Street.
C 1 Ci DIAMOND ST., BET TWENTY-SEC- !
• JlUond and Twenty-third— 3 unfurnished!
sunny rooms; b^tb; yard; housekeepiog; $7 a
month: Castro-st. cars. . *
Ktldy Street.
Ql X EDDY— 2 OK 3 UNFURNISHED OR!
t/Jcl furnished sunny rooms; refeience. 1
Eighth Street.
-119 EIGHTH— F'.ONT AND BACK PAR-
11*. lor and 3 furnished rooms. . ■■ ■-
. !
l.lli* Street.
"AC ELLIS-2 BUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS; i
O\JO complete for housekeeping.
1 ii.li ,". teo.,
Ql A FIFTH — LARGE SUNNY FRONT BED. '
•>-itl room ana kitchen; bath; no children; pri-
vate: $11.
. . 1
QOX FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED HOUSE- |
• J-u keeping: i, 811: 3, $13: single, 95.
J Illmoif) Street.
C*l f\ 3 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS TO SMALL
<4pXv/. lamlly. 2212 Flllmore st., near Clay.
i uikom stree:.
QOft FOLSOM-FU KNISHED ROOMS COM- '
OOv/ plete for housekeeping; also single.
Golden Gate Avenue.
foC)(\ GOLDEN GATE AYE. — SUNNY PAR- j
\)£}t lor lloor, liouseneeping, (25; also sunny j
basement. $IH.
liurrisnn Street.
79^ HABRISON-2 NICELY FURNISHED
I— ' sunny front rooms: complete for house-
teeing.
Howard Street.
• 1 (\\C\ HfAVABD— SUNNY FRONT BOOMS: j
-l yJtJyj »i s o housekeeping rooms. ■
900R "OWARD- FURNISHED ROOMS
." \j u (j for housekeeping; gas auU bath.
• <».-•<■ Streei.
/^l-Q JEHSIK-3 X ANT FtTRNISHED
*« «oooigj conijpletc lor housekeeplngjrent $16
HOCBEKEEPINO KOOHS-Coatinaed.
Kearny Streer.
1 ft A KKARNY — 4 uh 5 UNFUTHriSHED
XUI rooms and butb: a bargain. •
Market Street.
OAQO MARKET — 'i UR 8 HANDSOMELY
— \JoO furnished sunny rooms for housekeeping.
art It l'lace. ■ !
MARTHA PLACR, OFF GEARY ST.. NEAR
Mason— Vrout room, $8: '2 houtekeeplug rooms,
$12; s!u»;l<>. ¥C.
McAL>istor Street.
79 jl MCALLISTER- FURNISHED
I — 1 1^ front rooms with housokeepltig privileges, !
. —  1
S»liinn Streo;.
Fviß MINNA— FD&MOHSO BOOMS FOR I
i)-JU housekeeping; large yanl.
» 10 MINNA— 'J NICELY FUBNIBHKD bUN- |
O"iO ny housekrepina; rooms.
>ilsBlon Street.
"TOO MISSION. BETWEEN THIRD AND j
I UO Fourth— Nice front room for quiet couple. j
Mnth Street.
11Q NINTH ST.-FRONT BAY-WINDOW
IXV sulie: sunny all day elegantly furni»h»*d j
for housekeeping; modern foiding bed; *3 aO per
week.
Octavla Street.
1 qnT OCTAVIA — HANDSOMELY FUR-
IOu I nished sunuy front room and kitchen.
Join Streoi.
O(\X POI-K — SUNNY FRONT ALCOVE;
UUd small kitchen und closets, bah, gas: 917.
seventh Street.
"I ,f 9 SEVENTH (GIKARD)— SUITES AND
X 'is* ki!cni-ns;alBO single rooms;newl» renovated
Stockton street.
1 QA7 STOCKTON — NICE FURNISHED
XO\J I rooms lor housekeeping; rent cheap.
Third Street.
fX 1 Q THIRD-2 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
« J IV ing rooms; range; running water.
\ vii >«k< Avenue.
1 H9l VAN XESS AYE.. NR. GEARY ST.—
J.U-1 3 fur'd rooms: gas; range; kitchen; 92U.
Miacellaneoua.
3 SUNNY ROOMS. HANDSOMELY FUR i
nished; complete; private home; elegant sur- j
roundings. >1., bo\ 62, Call.
R97 MONTGOMERY. COR. CLAY - OPEN !
OjL>\ until 9:B<> o'clock; branch oilice Ot Tajc
CiLL: tubscriptioc» end nact ads taken.
KOO3IS TO LKT.
Brannan Street.
BRANNAN, ABOVE SIXTH-S NICE !
• — «J sunny rooms: $8.
X>ut>h Mioe..
n-\ A BUSH— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
UX*± rooms; privilege of light housekeeping ;SS.
Kady Street.
1"I Q EDD.V — ELEGANT FRONT BUITK: j
1 HI also other clean sunny rooms: 95 up; no
irausiem. -
l-.ightli street.
QHERMAW APARTMKNT HOURE. SS HTH
Oct.. near Market: lurnished and unfurnished.
Qlfk EIOHIH NKAR Fc-LsOM-3 LARGE \
OX\J rooms; rent $10.
■ • Klizabeth Ktreet.
9 ELIZABETH. NKAR GUERRERO AND
I — Twent/-third— Furnished rla: 5 rooms; rent '
515. i
i-iiis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 ELLIS— INCANDES- !
cent lights: reading-room, smottlng-room and
ladies' parlor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 60:
week. *'_' to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
o&lcB floor: rooms with hot an 1 cold wa.er: baths. :
ROYAL EAGLE, OPP. BALDWIN— NEWLY ,
furnished tuit-s: single; elevator, beaters, ate. !
iltll >liuo..
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELFCT FAMILY |
hotel: 100 Fifth st.. cor. Mission: rooms
600, 75c and 91 per ulgbt: 92 to $5 per week.
1 luiiKin Street.
991 41 FILLMORK-loR 2 SUNNY FRONT !
— — I'ia rooms to rent.
i.mm .street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY i
furnished im«; sing.c or en suite; $3 * $15 up. •
bearv s-treot.
THK MARTINET, 1101 GEARY, SW. COR. j
Van Ness— liandiome suites, newly furnished. :
tiuum.i »tie»..
liqO HOWARD. ET. SEVENTH AND ,
L 1 OO Eighth— Nicely furnished front room. •
with kitchen, reasonable. •£>
1 O(\(\ HOWARD, L'DRai-R FOURTEENTH—
1 O\J\J 3 sunny rooms; rent 9-
~ ilouea street.
OA 7 JONES ('THE VAN WIN -HAND-
— U i somcly furnished rooms, suites o. single.
uiai, iv atroot.
* BLINGTON HOUSE. 327 KEARNY —
Jt\- Pleasant sunny rooms, co suite and single; firs:
class In every respect: tenm reasonable. .
i-arklu S ree:. j
097 LARKIN, GOLDEN RATE AYE.— I
•>— I Desirable rooms, furnished or unfurnished. 1
JibiliPt »tfc«i,
■\^OSEMITE HOUSK. 1045 MARKKT-PEK '
J- nvght, 35c to $1: week, fl 50 to 5: families.
3aUiiih >tr«»..
CKCKI MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— FUR- !
UU I nt-ihea bay-window room; 91 per week.
&iission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7»l MIKSIO. I«KLECT !
family rooming-house: $1 60 10 $t> per week. I
0.17 MISSION— FRONT ROOM: KITCHEN; '
«7tr 1 completely furnished for housekeeping;
other rooms.
Mx 111 <i:re»..
rpHE PIEDMONT, 119 a SIXTH-NICE SUN- '
X i:y rooms: modern conveniences.
Stockton Place.
THK EUROPEAN, 17 PTOCKTON — FUR- j
I nlshed rooms 91 50 to $2 50 per we*k: suites
$3 50 to »8 per week; by night, 60c tof 1 80; hot
and cold water: elevator: transient.
Taylor Street.
1 f)Q TAYLOR-LARGK ROOMS; 91 75 AND i
J.yJ'J $2; sunny single, 91 25 and 91 50 week.
— — - — I
11:1.1 strees. .
Q"| THIRD-FURNISHED AND USFUR- j
OX nished rooms, $1 week up; clean beds, 5c i
ani 10c per nighu
Thirteenth Street.
99Q THIRTEENTH, N EAR HOWARD—
—*O Large sunny newly furnished room.
'1 urk Street.
l-I ("TURK- LARGE SUNNY SUITES,
II handsomely furnished: single. -'v :
EiAQ, TURK— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM: j
OtO foldinsr bed; running water: grate: gas and
bath; 910. . *..-•"'•*
Twentieth Street.
°.QOQ TWENTIETH - 2 SUNNY FUR-
*JO\>O n shed rooms: cheap.
BOARDING ANU BOOMS.
r opl n e ST.-SUITE oI""^LKGANTrY
I TIO furuiihed ptvrlors, with board, 950 per
month.
71 9 POS'I —% LARGK NNY ROOMS, WITH
I J — board, for 2: (ltjea. up; use parioraad piano j
A-X 9 EDDY - LOVELY^ FRONT BUNNY
1— roonii, with board; for 2, 940 a month
HOTKL FAIRMOUNT, 1714 MARKET—
open under new management; has been ar- !
tisiUaily tinted, papereJ aud elegautlv furnished
throughout: liot aud cold water In every room : :
elevators and every modern convenience; parties '
now can have choice ot carpets and furniture; the i
table, under the supervision ot Kowaskle. the I
well-kuowu French cbef, will be unnnrpassed.
Q(\Q VAN NESS AYE MCWLY FUR- j
CUO nished tunny rooms or suite, with board.
OOM FuR 2 GENTLEMEN Wliil BOARD; I
German borne cooklug: $j a weak. 025 Valen-
cia st.
OTKL BhRTLING, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel; refer uces; ail luoueru conveniences:
Rfllfton tab.es. If il« sired: n^w management.
6TOKACJE.
T3EDUOKD KATES. FLRNITUKE, PIANOS,
It liouaebolU goojj, eic. J. M. PiERCji, 7 iSO Mku
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1897.
lIIII.IIHI. BOARDED.
U r ANTED- YOUNG SCHOOLGIRLS TO
"* board with widow. Address MKS. L. R»
BHOW.v, postofflc^, HavwarJs, Cal.
GERMAN LADY WISHES BABY TO BOARD;
VT «ood borne. 485 Vi Hayes st.
TVTICE HOME FUR 'I CHILDREN; MUbIC,
A' and clo.-e to good s'bool; 910 per mouth. Ad-
dr»s> MRS. k. L. BILLI-, Uolden Gato, Alameda
ounty, Cal.
OLD NURSK LIKE To TAKE ONE OR TWO
rhildron to board: teras reasonable and mo-
ther'H care; reliable. st>."> Bryant St.. In the rear.
STOKES TO LET.
©l£i £»H 1007 LARKIN, COI*. POST ST—
»T«lU.tJi/ Store and livliiß-room : n>-w; mod-
erd aud central. A pply Ki-LLY, 102 Eddy.
STORE WITH 2 LIVING - B0oM>; FINE
C: i-luc- for restaurant: rent $18. 452- Halght st.
SAN KAFAEL-STORE- TO L- I; LOCA-
tions suitable for turnltura and upholstery,
fruits and veKetables, candy and notions. uto.
D. MIKARKR & CO., Real j sta c Agent*, San
ituiael: opposite broadgaugu depot; open Sutidayn.
r\LD-K!STABLISHED BAKKRV : FINE OVEN;
\J 5 Urf« rovnia; rent low. laiß Pacific st.,
TO LET— STORM AND 3 RCOMB; WATER
free. 456 bixih tt.
f AR«E S.TORK, -2 SHOW WINDOWS AND
Xj 4 large rooms; rent only $22 60. 422 Sixth.
AKERY, 1180 HOWARD; LAKviE STORE
and 4 living-rooms; chean rent.
Al 7 THIRD-2 ROOMS AND . BASEMENT-
-111 also Hat. Apply 41 7y Third St.
OFFICES TO LET.
99- POWELL, COR. GEARY-ELEGANT
-j£*l sonny parlor suite; newly renovatel; »ult-
ablp for doctor. '; -^
LOST.
OSr— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
l-i Savings and Loan Society or San Frauclsco. in
tue name ofcLAKA WEYMoUI H; No. 202,351.
The tiuuer will please returu o back.
T OST-TERKIER. CRO>S BETWEEN SKYE
Xj and Scotch; nickel collar. Reward at 1640
VullC-jO st. • •
T OST — SATURDAY, ON MARKET ST..
XJ pansy watch; mouogram M. E. L. Keiuru
<A}sa bteinersi.; reward.
LIBERAL REWARD FOR LADY'S GOLD
XJ waich. Eli;!n movement, case ,\o. 664, 905,
lost April 14, If returned to 1221 O'Farrell si.
LOST— OLD GuLD oCaKF-HOLDEK; INl-
tiais M. L. D. ; reward $5. C. 8., box 88, call.
T OST— POLK. NEAR HAVES, MALE FOX
■IJ terrier: white, with black and tan heud; leather
collar aud bell; liberal reward. 21 Polk st.
OST— LARGE. BKOWN, CURLY .-PANIEL
J dog. Suitable reward by returning 1313 Lar-
k n st.
URINE Xb 1 B'DGE AND PIN; FINDER
0 rewarded THUS. H. BROWNE, 20 Front St.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OF
XV Mathematics: pupils prepared In day and
evening classe< and by private lessons forCallor-
nla acd Stanford universities: teachers,' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
1 v'g classes; mathematics mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached. R., 4U2 l'arroti bid;.
A SCHOOL OK PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1216 Octavla »t., >an Francisco.
Ml^S ELIZA MACKINTOSH, rui>il of Froftnor
G. W. Baynbam, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
oJ the bchool of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa-
teacher. Ollice (lavs. Friday p. it , Saturday a. m.
EALD'S BUSINESS LULUCOK 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, tuslneu practice, aiiorthanl.
typing, telegraphy, iangaacen, Kngllsh braucbai,
»lec:rical engineering; *.'O teachers; lo.ouu Kr»<ia-
nes: day and evenlug cessions; catalogua
AYHES', TUJj. LEADIN<* COLLEGE, 3J>
Montcomerr st.: lndivldnat lnstructloa n
d.crthand, typing, bcokgeeplng, telegraph 7. eta:
i;le ecnolarsblp 950 low rate* per week and ma.
BELASCOS LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatrlrals arranged; pupils rehearsed
en stage. R. b and 12. 1.0.0. block. 7tn and Mkt.
LEO COOPED. SCHOOL OK ACMNU AMI
Opera, Pantomime and Aciin;; stuuy of reper-
toire ana vocal music. bl4 Gt-ary sl
"L" NG I RIN U SiIlOOL; MKCH.. ELBC*
XJ civil nilnlns. survey, Msay, Hrf-hl'., X ray
tau«ht; »S.lBB*. A. VAN DEK N A ILLKN.933 Mut
IJOOKKPNG. WKITNG. AKITHMTC ORAMH.
Xl day dt night: DOdajsNi $5 monch. »45 Mission.
m A.VJO TA CGHT BSOUUI KKS, 26 CENTS
XJ per lessoa. Address a., box 76, Cal! Ollice.
pIANO, (iERM AN, 75c; PUPIL LEIPSICCON-
X servatory and German High School. 110 Hydest
GtliAK, MA.Ni/uLI.N. j-.AN.j ANO Vm.^.
VX >sson». 83 mo. Mary Westbans. 559 Fifth.
QUBSCKIPTIONS AND WANT 41)13 FOR THE
C? Calx taken at brauca i-tlicv, cS'j liityea »v;
open until V»:30 o'clncic - -
AIEDICAL.
T ADItS- " -—- —~
JLj
REWARD REGULATING WAFERS.
An infailibiecure. torlnrlher particular* and
ezDlanatory leit.-r send 2 cents to Pacific Coast
A tency, hen. rd Medical 1 0., 323 spreckels build-
ing, 927 Marlcei gt., s»n Fra-.d^co.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SOPPKES3ION
(from whatever cans>-) restored in a few
hours: safe and sure atauy time; instant relief for
travelers; home In contlnement; besc care ani
privacy; reguJar pbysician; 30 years' tuccessfal
practice: my celebrate.! remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: every case guaranteed:oon-
znltation fr<-e, coufiden lal: hours 10 to 5: pills 9L
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 9ld Post St.. near 1-aricln.
Dh. J. 11. JO^SELYN. THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ist, still offers bis vauab.e cervices to the un-
fortunate. With a mind ma ured and euriched by
studies ot an advanced order, there 13 hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge bas teen strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delicate organism is beyond bis rup« con-
trol. His female monthly rt-medles are sure aod
rate m tbelr eff.'Ctv His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing In their
action, and are warrauted for both youn< and old.
He excels all other* in tbe cure of private diseases,
Over 60 years of ' practice enab.es him to warrant
a cure In all cases. Consultation parlors, aud
Market st. Call or w rite direct to 906 Market *:.,
rooms 11 and 12.
FKOCis.SS THAT JS PERFECTLY HARM-
lees: never falls In any case of monthly slck-
tiess. no motter what cau.ie: no eleciricity bum-
bug or other dangerous methods, money in every
ca»e refunded If a card is cot effected: travelers
belped immediately; years' experience; borne In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free tbe only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. Da VI Es. 14 McAllister su. nuxt Hibernu*
Bank: boun. 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 108 r. v.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a tew hoars when msdlclnes
and others have failed; no Instrument* used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MKS. DR. DALEY, X 123
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
A NiiW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
A strumeut uted: every wornun her own pbysi-
cian ior ail fomale troubles, no matter from what
cause; restoies always in one day; <an be sent
and tued a: home; positive cure; genuine new
process can only be had at my office: advertised
20 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
B. FIIULKT'S FRENCH CAP-ULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all Itmie dls-
ease* (no matter what emi)l positively safe and
sure; no dancer or after effects; taken in time It
alsoacsas a preventive; jirlce Cl 50 p>-r box:
sent free by ruall on receipt of price. WALLER
BR"S., 33 l. rant avc.
DR. AND MR**. WKGENER. 528 EDDY 6T.:
XJ private home; every comfort; separate rooms
before and oaring confinement; female comntaints
hkillfuliy treated; regular pbysician: quick relief
for travelers; test care; terms moderate; babies
adopted in good families; consultation free; pills 9—
Ril UOODWIN SPECIALISTS, LADIES
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, eny
disease cr complaint: home for patients: best skill.
free diagnosis; low lees: self-cure. 401. Vau Nesi
T ADIES, CHICHESTEKSKNGLISHPENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) aro best: safe, ra.
liable: take uo otber. Kead 4c, stamp*, for partlca-
Jars, "Relief lor Ladles." in letter by returu mail;
*t druggist's. Cbicbester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia
LPEAU'S FRKNCH PILLS— A BOON TO LA-
jcx dies wltb lemale troubles; nodanger; safeand
sure; 92 60 ex press C. O. D.; don't Ueir.y until too
late. OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland.CU.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FKMALK DIS.
eases from whatever c«us , a borne la con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. GWYER, 2-Jd Tur* »l ' -
* LL FEMALE COMPLAINTS^ AND DIS-
XX. eases of tbe eye permanently cured at MRS.
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st : consultation free.
\V PRAK FEMALE BKOULATINU PILLS;
XJ safe and efrirlent cinmeaaeoirus; 91 per box.
<tCO.,druggists. 40tt Clay st.,soleagts.
N>UKPAM»KD REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
troubles, dUeases. M.RS.DR.PUKTZ.2S4^4th.
I |K. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. Ni^Aii
XJ Jones. Diseases of women ana child rea. -
HOTKLS.
IJKOOKLYN HOTEL, 208-213 BUSH BT,
X) board and room 91 to f a per day. (6 to 91i
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to 91: salM
icoms tor family $1 to SI 50 per night: tirst-ciass
Mmca; ueevoacU CiiAKLEs iAONTGUMEii X I
- ■.•;•".-.: PERSOHAM.
ADVICE FBKE: DIVORCE UW^ A KPEO-
laiiy -. private; no fee wi'.boat success: pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale-
ciamaees, etc. : private detectives: estab. 10 years.
ti.W.HOWE. at.y-at-law. 850 Market.cor.Stockta
'A RE YOU SATISFIED WITH YOURHAIR- !
- » dresser? Have you tried L-derer? My nair-
dressln j (■■]-:•• oolr 25c for any siyle (only one
1 rice), and is easily the best Io town; swi.ohes
run from t\ to $3: bleaching roots of hair, 50c;
restoring gra» or bleached hair, from *1 5'J to $5.
i.. LKDKRKR, lll!stoc*ton su
"jrs GOOD STUFF,"
X A champion wheelman said of VITA OlL— so
they a 1 sa. : cures sprains, blulses. s.iffnesv, lamen-
t s» always: SI bo:i)e, 655 $10 gallon; charges
prepaid. Address 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
"T7LKCTKICITY IS LIFE." . ''" ~
Xj Spinal complaints, weak and lame backs I
cured as wrll as , RHEUMATISM, at DX.
SMITH'S ELKCTRO-MAGNBTICB .THS: don't
put it oft but come to-day: sure cure: hygienic
board. SANITAKU 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
FACIAL BLEMISH WRINKLE?, SMALL-
X 1 pox plttlncs and superfluous hair removed by
latest discovery: suuken eyes and cheeks filled
out; Laidness cured. MRS. E. KING, 524 Sutler.
\\riDoW DESIRES TO MEET EAVTEBN
' T. icentleman: object, business invesiment.
Room 8, 223 Post st.
I \RUNKENNESS_CURES GUARANTEED.
1J Gold i ure. Sacramento, Ca!. ; 26 Page St., S. F.
WASTED- BY A YOUNG WIDOW A GEN-
»* tleman partner; small capital. 13a Taylor st.
\\ ME. ROLLAND, PALMIST: MAGNETIC
Ii treatment a specialty. Koom 1, 223 Post st.
ME. MYRTLE POTTER i.EMOVED FROM
1382 Market st. to 8» Sixth, room 17.
SPECI A L AND LAST CLASS OF HEASON IN
0 haltflresslng and manicuring will beam M n-
d;iy, April 'Jtj; half ratt-s Kivrn. Up-To-Date Par-
lor*. 1u26 Market st., over The Wonder.
—————— — .
xrrtA oil.
f a poivorfui. penetrating, blood warming and
vitalizing reni-dy : does not blister: cures pains, in-
ternal and external; $1 bottle: 6. $5: $10 gallon:
charges prep»ld. . Address 15£3 BUCHANAN ST.
DETECTIVES FUKNI-HEDALL BRANCH-
U es legitimate work. Mui.en's Agency, 20 Ellis.
THE LARGi THE BEST, 'IHE QUICK-
est, the neatest, the cheapest, the largest and
beit halrdrrsslnc establishment on the coast: the
neatest and poi'.tust kbsistants and artists: th«
quickest and cheapest service; hairdressmg, any
style, Is only 25c; switches run from $1 to $8. G.
LEDEKEK, 111 Stockton St.
, , »-
TMNE BLACK SUIT; $12 50. MISFITCLOTH-
J Ing parlors. 513 Montgomery su
1 (\l\(\ BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED, $1 50-
-IUUU wedding work. HILL, 22% Geary sU
OME, A rUIEND AND MOTIiEUs CARE.
MRa DX. FUNKE. 1416 hlghth sU. Alamedx
rPRY US ON YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN
ltauorlnc: lowest prices. 218 Kearny, upstairs.
JOSEPH lihEVEh'S OPERA SCHOOL FUR-
'f nlshes so!o<, duets, quartets or entire opera acts i
for the protcssional stage, aua for oratorio, concert '
or church as well, on shortest notice. Murphy !
building, Mi-rket and Jones, rooms I*l andlJ2. !
TJELIABLE AND EFFICIENT DKTECTIVE
XV service. Rcoms 19. 20 and 21, Chronicle bidg. '
MISS JKS-JIE AND LIZZIK KEEGAN.LATE !
with G. Lederer. expert hairdresser, ayeini; I
end bit-aching a specialty. l24Va O'FarreU at., !
phone Brown 353.
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS- $1
a week. N.Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny. npstairs
TWU KKNOWNED ITALIAN RE-MA U-
iair.l combined: F. DELMONTE A CO.. pro-
prietors of tb« old Buon Gusto Restaurant, 431 '
hroadway, have consolidated with MX. ANGELU
DKLMONTK, proprietor of the celebrated Fior :
d'ltalla at 430-422-434 Broadway, just opposite. :
AGMSCOPE — NEW IROJECTINU MA-
chine; ug>-s the klnetoscope lliros; price re- i
duco'l, *;.*." BACIgaLL PI, 946 Market at.
IjIO OUTDOOR bTKRJvOPTICON 1-HOW KVE-
-1 > ry night cor. Merket and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living ligbt: promoters of bast-
oess. consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
i . AKi IN', i ' Fciiuot OF MAGAZINE !
I and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc. 424 l'lne su; iilustrauouj iuriiioneu I
tor magazine*, newspapers, etc.
UKI'UKK A.Mi PILKb CURED: NO PaY
nntll cured: rend for book. DRS. Ua.U
litl-D<fe PORTKRFIELD. HUH Markei
LKCI'RIC LlGHi'd IN KVtllV ROOM-
Winchester Housa. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
'.00 rooms. StSa to $1 W per night: ifl 50 to *6 pc:
week ; ireo bus and baggage to and troru the lerry. i
/^LOAKS. FUiiS A.\i» ftijll-, AILED Ai' I
VJ uLu.. sa:» prices. Fectorr. 20 bansome su
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR r3 CENTS — THI» i
>\- WKEKLY CALL, in wranper. for maillnß.
: DRESSMAKERS.
DKESSFB, $2 50 UP: CAPE^, $1 UP; WRAP-
XJ pera. 50c up. 431MlonasU 
MONET TO LOAS.
i RAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JEW- .
J' e.ry, «:c. : low interest, Cut-rate Loan Office,
r. 7, l;ood bidg, 809 Market: lei. brown lid.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS, '
- in S. F., Oakland or Alameda. at lowest rates: ,
without removal: no commlsaioas: no delays.
J. NOUN AN,, lul7to 1023 Aliasiou au abuve tMxiu.
lelephoui- Jes»!e 4L
HIGHLY RKfcPF.CTABLK AND PKIVATK [
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and je« elry o( the lowest rales. Baldwin Jewelry
S.ore, 848 Market at.: telephone Green 204.
%'-? no 000 AT 6l 2 PER CENT ON city !
tStOVIVJ.VJVJVI real estate; also Oakland: es.aiet,
life Insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
htttaa Loan Co.. 10 Mills bulldlug, ground floor.
AN AMOUNT: IM. 2D%>R 3L>MOKTHAOK* !
estates, undlvliie.l ln'^resu, rval «st»U In pro '
lat«; furniture siul plauos wunoat retuovai.
UcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
\4'HY PAY HIGH INT. ON t-MALL LOANHT
»' '.'■•• loan »-. 55c interest per oio. on each fIOU
en M laortgag": any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
©QOX nnO Al BAX K KATES: IST AND i
«IP«J— c/. \J\J\J ad mortgagea. tsiatai. rents, etc.:
lend as iow as $50. H. MUKPHv. C2H .Market s;. I
OX HKNriX'Kl£; VKKY LuW INTKRKWT:
no commission. BCRIBNKK, 7 City Hall aye. I
TO LOAN— SIO,OOO or $11,000 O.V CITY IM-
proved ri^a. estate. App y L., box 76, this offlce. :
MONEY TO LOAN ON CITY' KEAL ESTATE-
-1»1 any amounu WILLIAMS, 214 Piae su, r. 3.
(Jjl AO.OOO ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
y)l" low Interest. JOS. B. "IOPLITZ, 33 Pine.
GjX/k TO $50,000; LOWEST RATE; IST & 2D !
tgIOVJ rcortg. : any proposition. Dryaen, 413 Mont
ANY SUM, IST OR 2ND MORTGAGES. ES- I
tatm In probate, etc. Km. 7. 508 California, su :
ON| FURNITUKK AND PIANOS; No ' RE- i
V/moval : low rates; private psrty. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON PIANUS AND FU KNI 1 \V ITHOU 1'
removal very low lnteresu 116 McAllliter su
j
tIAASCIAL.
WANTED-EUROPEAN PREMIUM BONDS,
list d or anltsted stocks, gold, silver and
quart* bought and assayed. F. EPHKAIM CO..
6.!8 Market su, opp. Palacu Ho:el, s. F.
DENTISTS.
VAN VRUOM <Sc CO.'S ILF.CTRO-
» Parlors, 99V Market st. : lady attendant; no gas
or oiher dangerous Hnnssthetlcs (riven; electric. ty
the 6r<*:it agent used 10 relieve paiu; teeth filled
ana extracted pHinlesslr by our new eiectr'cal
I>rocess: a written guarantee given with all work
done: lowest prices, best work; all surgical work
attended by O. \V. Williams in, M.D., pUysiclan
and surgeon: examination free by theueot our
new tlecirical appliances: jiorcelain and gold
crowns: bridge-work and teeth without plates a
specialty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market st.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
VJ ket, tet. 3d and 4th; gats specialists: palnles*
extracJng. with gas, $1; piates, $7 up; an, $1 up.
T/ULL SET OF TEETH. $7: WARRANTED 5
X years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made-
warranted 1U ytars: fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 ,o'
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth Etree^
C"7 FULL i-ET TEETH: BtsT WAKE-
«Jp I . kept In repair; extracting free; fllltngs.oOc;
crowns. $3.5 U. Faciflc Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
ETOFTEKTU WITHOUT A PLATE. DR
tO H. C. Young, 1841 Polk St.
POSITI Vh.LY PAINi,E>-. EXIKACTION. DR.
JThaKDINO, 500Sutter cor. Powell; malns37S
DH. J.J. LEEK, 1126 MARKET ST.;' OPEN
evenings: Sunday* till noou. deutlstrv taught
CULTO.S DKNTAL AS^OCIaIJON. »0b -lAjl-
J ket st. DR. L'HARLKi W. DKiKKU
Cj7 A (SET FOX U.fcl'H-WAhKA.\TtU AS
0 ' good as can oe made: filling $1. DX bIMMA
dentist. V3U Market St.. next Baldwin '1 healer.
pAINLKaS h.XTRACUoN. bUc : tKuWS I
X fiiidcf work • specialty; plates $5 up: v«arf '
experience, It. L. WALSH. L\D.sx. b15«4 Uearf.
1 UL LUDLL,^ HllA- 144S MAliKti ST, NR.
XJ Kleventb: »o chance lor extracting whaa
platea are made: old plates made over Ilka new;
l*« Ui front 9S per set; extracting 60c: gaa given.
\K. GiiOitUK W. LXXX. THK UKNUINB '
XJ Leek den;i«U. discoverer of painless extracUai
sod patentee of improved bndgs work or t—cH
without any plats, moved from ttto iou Farreiii^.
ALL WOUK REASON ABLK AND WA*
rantea. DO. J. W. iff,, 1320 jiatke: m.
•■' • ■.; -*,■'*■ ,
CITT :BE AZi ESTATE.
hV\ "HOME. " • '.:■.■
V* NEW AND MODERN.
SMALL PAYMENT-EASY TERMS.
WE WILL BUILD YOU A KEW MODERN
cottage, story bay-window bouse or a pair of
nice flats for from 5225U to C3uOJ. lnclud ng price
of lot in a choice locality at tne .< itsion, according
to y. ur own plans and ideas, for $500 ca-h. bal>
ance monthly, «am» as rent; call at offlce for full
particulars. * ... ■ •• '
EASTON, KLDBIDGE * CO.,
638 Morkrt tt.
building lotk
IN excelsior homestead.
MUST BE NJLft
6 LO.«. 25x100 EACH; RKADY
i}po\J\J, tor buildlug: handy to Miss on-st elec-
tric-cars: must sell together for absent owner;
can subllvldd and reaic< immediate protli for
purchasers; cdjoiniug lots now selling lor $250
and upward. •■ ' ■■ •■■• ■• - .
EASTON, ELDBIDGE & CO.,
. , 638 Market si.
OWNTOWN INVESTMENT. ~~ ~*
XJ, NKARGK RY AND TAYLOR STS.
PAY* $480 A YKAH.
€t/19fin * TENEMENTS OF 14 ROOMS;
«D^ t '-""« always rented: lot 25x.">6.
EAbTON, ELDRIDGE <t CO.,
638 Market st.
INE BUILDING LOT.
MUST KKLL AT ONCE.
SURK SPECULATION.
(DJOOXn NORTH SiDE OF 24 TH ST.. NR.
<P*«iZjUU. Folsom; size 37:6x10J: ready tor
building; if Improved w.th stores and flats would
pay big Income.
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
1- ...;'-,; 638 Market st.
—————————— __ __
t) RESIDENCES.
— MASON ST.. NEAR WASHINGTON.
c»7nnn " J houses OF 7 ROOMS and
tf I \J\J\J. b»tli each: substantially built;
rented for $50 per month; lot 45:0x6»:9.
EASTON, ELDKIDi.K & CO.,
638 Market St.
MODERN FLATS.
• ONE BLOCK NORTH OF MARKET.
QCLAAA PAIR o* MODERN FLATS OF 5
tg)O\J\JVr. and 6 rooms aud bath: well built
and in gcod condition; street bitutnlmzed.
EASTON, ELDRIIXiE ife CO.,
63b Market st.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
'» PO-T, NKAK VAN NESS AVK.
C«1 A (\fif\ HANDSOME KEHIDi-NCE OF
tFXM.yJVJXJ. S rooms; bath; basement; laun-
dry; furnace; etc.; lot -j7:6vl°JO.
. EASrOX, ELDRIDGE 4 CO.,
038 Market >U
■\rissioN cottaglE!
I*l SMALL CASH PAYMENT.
BALANCE EASY.
QOnnft MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
tlp^liUU. and bath: half a blo«k from Mission-
street electric-cars and 20 minutl-s irom Kearny
streeu
EASTON, ELDRID & CO.,
38 Market st.
Q>Q7AA IO.MA-ST. HOUSE OF THREE
<Jt)IUU. fla;s; rent f3O; always rented; lot
25x75.
♦3200— Clementina su: 2-story house, 8 rooms;
rent reduced to $20; lot 25x80.
These properties must be sold to close an estate:
no reasonab:e offer will be refused. Inquire 714
Natoma No agents.
\\ril^L BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSES AND
*> flats at lowest pricet, for cash or installments,
on your own lot, or will iurul6h lot: call »nd exam-
ine plans. DAN EINSTEIN, bui:der, 630 Marke .
C> JCAA NEW. SUBSTANTIAL MODERN
»]T*l OVJVf. park homes; up to date in t very de-
tail; contain parlor, dining-room, kitchen,
pautry, S bedrooms, bath, 2 furnishea ntiic
rooms, hard finished basement; fine pumbing; 3
elegant mantels: tine iias fixtures: marble steps;
Urge lot sunny .nidp of Frrder.ck st., r.ear Man-
yan. Take any parK line to >ianyan s 1 .., waliv 2
blocks south; owner and bolder on premises.
0~~ S AND AFTER 'iitMiAY, Al' LIL irt,
I'ait rson <t Ca, real esta c dealers, will re-
move their offices to 1709 Market st.
XTKW COTTAGE.
JA $1300: a short distance from City' Hall; con-
tains 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x10U: $200 cash;
balance same as rent. W. W. KEDNALL, owner,
12)26 Hayes su ' ■■-.
0:1 000 neat cottage, with CHICK-
fui±\J\JV/, en-house; on car line; S3OO cash:
balance on tluie. SPECK <t 0., 602 Murket SU
€jl I) tAA ELEGANT RESIDKNCE; 2-
<JpJ KI.OVIVJ. story, basement and attic; bil-
liard, store rcoiuv etc. : lot 25x137:6; house alone
• ost iFIu.UOO; this is k great sacrifice: see owner
on premises, 7V!7 Golden Gate aye., near Franklin.
L OR SALE OR TO LEr-3-STOrtY HOUSE,
-T 315 Guerrero -it ; iormerl Jlanscn D.em;
and Cleaning Works: steam power; well and
pump; s atiie. 5 malls: 40x112: easy terms; ap-
ply on (.remises, 1 to 4 p. >t. : alsocouaze, 5 rooms
and bath, 302 Second aye., near Clemen, st.
EORGE il. SALSBURY, BUILDER. WILL
yj call and glTe low estimates by addressing 521
X su. Sunset Heights.
C-QAAA EASTLAKE COTTAGE, 330 HILL
«Jj«3\'vV/. St., nr. Cauro: 5 large io> ms. bath
and bssenent; lot '25x114; partly mortgaged;
rnortgnae can remain If <les:red; good neighbor-
hood: place not large enouftb for piesenl owner.
App y BItIGDEN TIRNEY, cor. Kearny and
Commercial; make offer.
qj'Afj CASH, BALANCE SAMK as rent,
tJp'JUI/ for new house; sunny side of Co:e st ,
near aller: sizr oi lot 25x1v5; coatsins 8 rooms
and all modern Improvements.
tOISTKI V.I \r. .ESTATE.
S7OOO "ACRES; ROSSVALLE\,MARIN
VJVJVJ. County; rai. road on one siU«, county
road on tho other: choicest passible location; com-
pletely surrounded by bigh-clajs improved subur-
ban residences.
OjA PER ACRE -SO ACRES: SANTA
W "U Clara Valley, nr. Los Oatos; small orchard
and vineya.d.
SANTA CLARA VALLEY, 5 MILES FROM
Mountain View— 7oo acre): as a whole or in
part; very desirable; very low price.
1 Z\ll ARCES; ON LINK OF RAILROAD;
I >J\J within 4 miles of NapaClty; best val cv
land: will bell a* a whole tor $12,000, or will subdi-
vide In 25-acre lots at from $60 an acre upward:
wiilexohange for city or Oakland Income property.
bHAINWALD, uI'CKH-.K & CO.,
;' .: ;'■- . 218-220 Montgomery st.
OT FOR SALE— 223x171; NEAR
Lake .Mprritt. East Oakland. Particulars 63-'
Martcet St., room 6.
tiCA ACRKS GOOD UNIMPROVED LAND
-CU in Tuolumn«; also 160 acre. In Mariposa:
wood and water; cheap for cash. A. BRUU.NKh,
1714 Polk st.
(J.JA/JA FOR SALE — 80 ACRES LAND
«IPtV/wV/. near Saats CTuz; 4'J acres culti-
vated, 40 pasture and Mr: ber; house 16 rooms:
suitable for summer resort: orcbard, carriage,
horset, cattle, lmpl-ments: plenty water; also 30
acres, vuliable for chicken ranch, for $1000. 1009
Mission st., S. F.
-i REAT RAROAINS in LAND: $35 PKR
VI acre; small p arcs; mproved anJ unimproved;
Alameda Co 1-or details write to H. J. DIGGLES,
63 Columba building. Market su, P. F.
1 (v-ACRE* ORCHARD, MOSTLY CHERRY-
I ' * bearing, ou ban Leandro eiectric road, ele-
gant house, barn, good well water, for sale; a bar-
gain: will subdivide if necessary. B. FASsLER,
San Leamlrb.
QA ACkES CHOICE LAND NEAR AUBURN;
OU valnatioi $4'jOO: will sell or exchange for
city or Oakland property. J. H. EG'ER^, 1 and 2
Grand Western, Market St., cor. Polk aud Anstin.
SONOMA COUNTY: LITTLK HOMn.S A SPE-
cialty. A. iC. CHESSMORE, real estate agent,
Sonoma. Cal.
1 o/v-ACRK TRACT AND 140-ACRE TRACT
lou at $20 per acre; high and sightly; well lo-
cated for poultry raising. A. H. CHEsSMOBE,
t-onoma, Cal.
BEAT BARGAINS IN LAND; $35 PER
" ' acre: small places; Improved and unimproved:
Aiameda County, near Kraucnco. For de-
tails «ritf to H. J. DIGGLES, 69 Columbian
building, Marke: su, San Francisco.
fl»/jATO$80: MARIN CO. IMPROVED AND
•JpTtv/ unimproved land: terms 10 suit: fruit, gram,
vegetables, rail and water. K. 65. Chronicle bidg.
LITTLE UuME» CLOSS IO TOWN; IM
J proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre plecu
on 8 and 1 » year* credit. D. H. TWIKU. So-
noma City: everr Moudr.-,- at 632 Market st.. s. F.
T?OR CHEAP LAND AND BMALL:iMPR,OVED 1
X 1 ranches, near town, write to W. I. FOSTER,
Kelsey ville, Lake County, Ca'.
OOA ACRES FRUIT, GRAIN AND PASTURE
• I— U land; Shasta Connty; improvements best;
no inoumbrance; for $3250. A. G., box 61, Call
Office.
ffi.f: AN ACKE: l!£80 ACRKS TIMIIKR; GOOU
UrO for stock or fruit; iJenty water. SL box 40.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE FOR CITY, OAKLAND OR ALA-
meda, will pay equal difference, 48l» acres, Mm
Luis Obispo County: all can be cultivated; 250
acres le vrl ; price $2750.
O~N ACCOUNT OF DEPARTURE, FINK
Steams lady's wheel: cheap. Devany Cy-
clery, Stan s .
PKOPKBTV WANTED. ,
WANTED— BUY A HOUSE IN WESTERN
Addition, be:. Ellis an 1 Kush s'.s.; 8 or 9
rooms. J. X.. box 37, Call Office. - . -r -•;::
HOlQn WANTED.
MU*T HAVE $450: BIG INTF.RKST; FlBBT-
cUssse urity. D.. box 10. C 11 tifflc?
PROFESSXONAI. CARDS.
roHNE. RICHARD^ LAW OFFICES. KOO
') aa snJ 27, Crocker MUUUUK *l*vuuua lUI4
»t, baa Jtriiacwco, Cat . ■■■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL KSTATK.
HOMES IN BEAUTIFUL FRUITVALK- a
sacrifice from $200U to '^50 for imme iate
sale: nictt-midern c t age of f> rooms and hath;
fine mantel: 7-foot basement: lot 60x141; V 2 b oct
from Fruttvale aye., terms if desired.
m>l (\f\r\ house of 4 rooms, MASEMENT,
<i®l\t\r\i m chicken-bouses; i0t50x 23,1; frontage
on 2 stroKs. ■„
aj»XnA COTTAGE OF 4. 800M5. PTaBLE,
fyUU. good well and pump; lot 00x137.
&4Kfl COZY COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS. 2
JU> iiJ". rbicken-houses; city water; lot 75x
108; all fenced. .
©49^ SIX LOT*. 25X150 EACH; TWO
<|pa:^U, blocks from electric cars ; terms if de-
sired.
Oil Q^(\ CHICKI N RANCH; 33,, ACRES;
'ir'- l -'- 7tJV '« 3 acn-8 In bearins orchard; bonse of
6 rooms and bath: good ba n; 12 chiclcen-houses;
water piped to house and yard.
B ACRES IN BKARINO OR-
tU'/I"W. chard of a variety; bouse of 4 rooms:
chicken-houses; stood well; will e^cbunse for Oak-
land or Alamada Improved |,rjperty.
Apply 10 . ;,. H. A. PLEITNER,
Fruitvale Station.
"L^OR SALE OR LEASE FOR ONE.VEAK TO
X highly responsioie party— Unfurnished house
of 12 rooms and bath: large stable; ornamental
grounds; snade and fruit tree*; with or without
1 berry orchard: on Fruitvale aye. Address A. 8.,
Call Office. Oakland.
BARGAIN— 8-ROOM HOUSE; LOT 60x125;
r\ on Telecraph aye. : must be sold. o. A.
LANE, PO2 Broadway, Oakland. :
$.- CASH, *5 MONTHLY— LOTS $75 AND
«JP».> upward; out uf 33-acre Allendale Tract, K*st
Oakland, but 72 lots unsold; will I nil 1 you 3. 4
and 5 room cotta c (modern) from $300 to $900,
liicludln: lot: p yn:ent as ren:; site, climate uuti
soil superb: 3 eieciric roads and fine school neer:
conveyance iree. 459 Mnth st , bet. Broadway
and \\ hshingtoti, Oakland. H. Z. JONEn Owner.
UY A HOUKK AND LOT IN BEAUTIFUL
Fruitvale; only a minute's walk to the station:
see the owners at their office In Fruitvale for bar"
quiDs BASSr BROS., Fruitvale station.
fl ( \[\ EACH. 4 LOTS M«.LROSE STATION
«JP IVJ\J Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
$1 down and f1 • week. H. B. I>X>"NEY, 002
Bioadwav, OaklanJ.
GET A CHOICE, HEALTHFUL HOME KITE
while prices are low; lots SlOO to $150 at
itchburc. beyond Fruitva'e-. the best property
for investment now offered: local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 4a to
San Francisco; splendid climate, oat of damp
belt: soil excellent for gardening: very best water
facilities; good school: terms to suit. Betore buy-
ing in this locality- see the owner of this property,
C. M. KUNKLE. 915Vs Washington at., upstairs,
room 28, Oakland, Cal.
AvVEtK'S NEWS FOB. 5 CENTS—
-r\. WEEKLY CALL, la wraDDer. for mailins.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
ffl»9Jr TO RENT: FURNISHKD COTTAGE 5
«Jp^.«J. rooms and bath: lot 75x200: lruit and
flowers; near electr.c-cars. etc. 1321 Twenty-
sixth aye., Fruit East Oakland.
LUXE 8-KOOM RESIDr.NIE: WELL FUR-
r nished: large, cultl^pted grounds: choice loca-
tion: rent $50 per month; reafly May 1. WM. M.
DX WOLF, 1050 Broadway, Oanlaud.
T AHGE 8-ROOM UNFURNISHKO HOUSE;
XJ in good repair and very desirable celgnbor-
hoi>d: rent $25. WM. M. Dfc, WkJLF, 1050 Broad-
way. Oakland. v
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
TO LET TO THE PRuPER I'ARTY-l"oß^2
sunny rooms; npstairs: either furnished or un-
furnished, wiin breakfast, if desired, in choice
locali y, at reasonable price*, whore home com-
iorts ian be enjoyed. in sirlctly private family
references exchanged. 1217 Webiter st., uakland
Cal.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROUSIS.
f ARGESfJNNYRO MS; GALINDcThOTE^
XJ Oakland; tioard optional. Bthgt., off Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERT ISEMEN
JIUMEBV UMAIt rSTAT"!.
I. ARGAINj ALAMEDA COUNTY. 30 MILES
1 1 from city; choicu land: fruit, hay, Kra.n, vej-
etables, with liviuat springs; SUS 10 *35 per acre.
It. .1. UIUQLEs. 69 Columb.au building 8. F.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
\ T EW MUU.-KX .OTTAGE: B ' TH^
X> niant«- , Duntry, laundry ,|«ah:e, chirken-house:
sewered, f^ncej; n -ar statlun: lot 40x100; $1600:
will exchange. W. C. MoRAN, i.orin, or F.
BOEGLfc., Golden Gate.
LEGAL NOTICES.
TKI CALIFOKNIA DEiJRIs COMMISSION
X having received applications to mine by tbe hv*
draullc process fro:n CHARLES aud BEN HOW-
LETT, in the Howlett cUlm, near Columbia Hill,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings In Knapp Ra-
vine, and from the Marguerite Gravel and Quartz
Mining Company, in the Marque ite mine, in
Eureka Mining district, Nevada ounty, todeposit
tailings in a ravine, gives notice that a meeting
will be. held at room 69. Flood building, ban Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on May 10, 1867, at 1 :iO P. v.
CIT V AND COUNTY TRKASUKY. SAN
Francisc", April 15. 1897.— 1n compliance
with me provisions of sec;lon 5 of order 16SB of
the Boar. oi Supervisors, approved September 15,
IHBO, there will be sold at public auction by E. a.
spi-ar >t Co., at their salesrooms, V\ and HH Sutler
street, on
MONDAY. MAY 17,
At 10 o'clock a. m. sundry articles of stolen, lost
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
force of San Francisco, 1 s detailed in an inventory
thereof on tile In the riSce of ;he clerk of the
Boara of Supervisors, and consisting of jewelry,
wearing apparel, piiioU knives, etc.: also a lot of
trtinics. valises, clothing, eic. property of deceased
persons received from the coroner of this City and
County. Opea for Inspection on morning of sale,
A. C. WIDBEH,
City and County Treasurer.
Additional Classified Advertise-
nients on Page 1 1 .
JlAlilU.VtiK LICENSE*.
Th« follow! marrla^K llcensss hava CMiaa
ssued by the County Clerk's office:
Arthur J. Chick anl Luc/ Shaw. 28—24.
I>an'.-1 Lacazotli and Jo.tephine Kobin. 21—18.
lr^derick Frerlchs a id 1. iune R Strauh.23— 2s.
Albert A. Mead and Lizz.e M. Barton. 3d— lB.
J. J. B. Argenti anU a, tele A. Rottanzi, 3e— 25.
Gluseppl Ru2Uta and Frances Carusa, 22—18.
.William X, 10-: and Martha Ualloway. 48—38.
Michael R. Troomey and Annie Dlllo i, 28— '2\i.
T. H. McCall and Jennie Newman. 32—26.
John Ol«on and Velllp McGrath, »2— 23.
BIRTttS — MATHS."
[Blr:h, inarrlae? and death notices «ent br mill
will not le Inserted. They must be handed In a: '
either of the publication offices and beindorssl
with the nameandresidencoof person.* aathonxsl
louavu tbe same puoltsaea. J
BOKN.
HEROLD-Aprll 2i. 1897, to the wife of F. Her-
old. a daughter.
HAB<CtKi>.
GREVSTAD-ANDERsOV— In Oakland. April
25. 1897. by the Rev. 1. L. H. Dietrichson, John
Urevstai and Annie »-'. Andersea. ■■ ■ • " .
LANKI-NAU-BUCKIVG-In this cfty, April 24,
1897. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Frederick J.
Lankenau and Hannah F. Bucning.
McKINLAY-BASTON-In Fruitvale, Cal., April
14, 1597. by '.ho Rev. K. E. Clark, Kdward M.
Mc&lnlay of Nevada City and Alice Palmer
| Kaston of Fruitvale.
MAAR— SPAAR-In this city, April 24. 1897. by
the Key. J. M. Buehler, John H. Mans and Annie
C. Spaur.
SANDER— BUCKING-In thti city, April 24.
1H97. by the. Rev. J. M. Bueuler, Conrad Sander
and Bertha C. "Bucking. • * . -
TBOM A-BICKE— In Loa ugeles, Cal., April
15. 1»97. by tne Rev. J. C. ElUott, Henry J.
Thomas of Los Angeles aad Lena Ricke of San
Fran'isco.
DIED.
Austin, J. ri-A'---'' Lammer?, Maria L.
Bramler, John W. McCarthy. Daniel
Bu kl«y, Dennis Marquarrl6, Donald B.
Cardifl. George F. Moller (Infant)
Coghlnn. Patrick J. Noonao, Michael
Cross. Elizabeth O'Brien. P. H.
DyKes, Frances A. O'Day. DcnnH N.
E lert, Mrs. Mary A. Qulgley. Kdward
Estelita, Ann c & Reilly. Patrick
Finking, Richard Rohrbacher, Phillip
FUcber, Adolph ■ Simpson, ■ homas B.
Fiynn, DennU Smlta, Charles W. Jr.
Flynn, Di-nuls . Bmlib, Florence
Havens, Catherine C.  -Villeg*s Qulrlna
Hickey, Andrew / Ward. Johu G.
AUSTIN— In thl* city. J. Austin, father of J.
M-. - A.. W. auJ T. Austin, a?ed 68 years.
43" Friends and acaaalmances" ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORno >V
(Wednesday), from S( Cbenery street. High
mass nt Ht, Phu.'s Church at 9 o'cloclc a. ic.
BRANDKR— in this city, April 26. 18<»7. John W.
\V., he'ovoJ son of Alexander and Margaret
Brander, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 yean
4 ■.]" i . .-. ■> and 5 days
BUCKLKY— In Angwins. Napa County, Cal..
April 24, 1897. Dennis beloved . husband of
Elizabeth Buckley, and father of Cornelius A.
Bncicley. S. J., Mary X- an I Annie Buckley, a
native of KnucxKlass. parish of Ahlna, County
Co '. irelaiia, aiced 55 yu»rs.
jKirF.ieuds ana acquaintances ara respec:-
-j ■ ■ ■; ■ ■ ■■ ■- .■ .
fully Invited to attend the fua«ral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:80 o'clock a. m., from nls lv,i
resl lence. 1-3 Idy street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathelral, O'Farrell street and Van Ness ave-
nue, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated :or the repoisof v is soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. it. lir.ertien. Holy Cross Cuais-
terv. Please ojnU fluwers. .• • . &
CARDIFF— In this city, April 25, ]897, Geortre
Francis. be.ovea son of Richard J. ami Miurgarec
A. Cardiff, brotht-rof Ji'S-i h, Walter, Emily and
Mabel C.irdiiT, and grandson of Mar.'tr«»: and
the la c Jobn Burke, a native uf ban Francisco,
aged 26 years. • I ■. ' .
aar Friends and acquaintances are respec*.-
fnlly invited to attend the inn*ml TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at I :3L' o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
uonce ot his parents. Kslb Minn street, thence
toil. Patrick's Church for serviced, Interment
Mount Calv.r/ Cemetery. . -
COGHLaN-Ih thlacitv. April 25, 1897, Patrick
J. Cogbtan, a native of California, aged 10 years
b montbs and 4 days. ; j
CROSS— In hi* city. April 28. 1837. Elizabeth, be-
loved mother or Isabella. Josephine. Lucille.
Harry anJ Wiiiiam Cross; a naitve of Canada,
a-ed 52 years 11 months and 14 days.
DYKE-s— in this city. April 26. 1897, Frances A.,
beloved daughter of Krancei and the iate Rob-
ert Dykes, and sister of George, Robert, Mar/
and Charlts -Dyke,s, a native of San Francisco,
aged 31 years.
ELLERT-In th s city, April 25. 1897. Mrs. Jiarjr
A. Elurt. h naive of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 75
yi'ars 6 months and 22 days
aS-l'h- tuneral will taice Diace TO-MORROW
(Weanesday), at 10 o'clock a. it., from the r<;sl-
uencx of i.er son, L. K. Eilert. 1915 Websier
s.reet. Interment private, Cypress Lawn Ceme-
' tory. . ■ .........
ESTELITA— In this city. April 29, 1897, Annie
Comtance. belovei daughter of Alexander and
Katherine Es.eiita. and sister of Madeline and
Gertrude Estelita, n. native of San Francisco,
aged 9 months and 'J2 duys.
49TFriends nnd acquaintances are respect-
ful y Invited to attend .lie funeral THIS UAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of hf>r parents, Te!iama strse:, between
First am Second. Howard and Folsom. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. •
FINKING— In this city, April 25. 1597, Richard,
beloved husband of Emilte Finking, sou of
Kicbard and Maria Finking, and son-in-law of
. Fr»-d and Lou Attinger, a.native of >an Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years 8 montbs and 7 das A.
member of El Dorado i'ar'ior, JV. S. G. W., ana
>an Franc. sco Turn Vereln.
tflTFriemls and acquaintances are rasneat-
fnllv Invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. v.. from his late rejt-
denc-, 317 Scott street, near Oak, thence to Na-
tive >ons' Hall, Mason street, where funersl
services will ba held at 'J o'clock p. it. interment
L O. O. K. Cemetery.
N. & G. W.— El Dorado Parlor No. 52: Brothers
will assemble at Native Sons' Hall, 412 Mason
street, THIS DAY (Tu-nday), at 1:30 o'clock
p. m.. to take part In the funeral services of our
late brotaer. Richard Finking Jr. ByerJer of
G. C. OUNTHEE, President.
En N. Phems. Secretary.
FISCHKR-ln thUclty. April 25, 1897, Adolph
Fischer, a native of Hamburg, Germany, ased
32 years.
FLYNN— In South San Francisco, April 25, 1897,
Dennis Flynn. beloved father of Mrs. Engene
Sweeney, Mrs. James Kearnj of Santa Rosa and
Mrs. William Dunlop of Stockton, a native or
County CorK, Ireland, aged 65 years.
Xs"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
lolly invited io anend tne funeral THIS UAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. ic., from the resldencs
of his son-in-law, Eugene Sweeney, 900 Rail-
road avvu.ie Komh. near Eleventh avenue south;
south San Francisco, thence to All Hallowa
Church for services. lntermen: Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FLYNN— In South Baa Francisco. April 25,1897,
I ennis beloved husband of Winnie Flyun.
father of Mrs. E. hwem«y, Mrs. J. Kearns of
Sau.a ito«a and Mrs. W. Dunlap of Stockton,
and stepfather of Annie W. Piice. a native of
County Cork, Ireland, a*ed 65 years.
HAVbNS— In Stamford. Conn., April 23. 1897.
Catherine Cebra Havens, mother of Howard
Havens of San Francisco, in the ninety-seventh
year of her age.
HICKEY-In Oakland. April 25, 1897. Andrew,
beloved husband of Mary E. Hickey, and father
of Lawrence T. and Mary T. Hickey. Mrs. K.
W. Murlck and William >. Hickey or Portland,
Or., a n.itivj or County Kiidare, Irelano, ased
75 yesr».
JKB" Friends of the family are respectfully tn-
vi.ed to attend the funeral TH DAY
(Tuejday), at t»:15 o'clock a. m., from his lata
residence. 555 Twenty-second street, thenca to
St. Francis de Sales Cnurch, where a solemn
hlich mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. h. Inter*
ment St. Jlary's Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
Jj.\MMERB- In this city, April 24. 18U7, MarU
L., beloved wife of Heury J. Lam mere, a nauva
of rmany, a;ed 60 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clocK r. m., from the
family residence. 2198 Devlsaderj street, ln-
termeat I. o. O. F. Cemetery. »
McCARTHY-In this city. prii 26, 1897, at St.
Mary's Hospital, Daniel McCarthy, a native of
.Liverpool, t-ugland.aged 30 years and 7 months.
Hue' r neiuls aud acauainta.ices arA ros>*c-
fnli ■ invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking Company. TSi
Mission street, near Third, itiem;-* ,o St. Bren-
dan's Church for services commencing at 11
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MACQUAHRIE— rn this city. April 24, 1897.
Donuld Bruce, be'.oved husband oi Tessle Barry
Macquarrie. a ua.ive of lone. Scotland, aged 49
ve<tr, 10 montbs ana 9 days. (Toronto iC'..;i-
ada) and New York City papers mease copy. !
JCSTFrlends and acquaintances ara rei>e;*-
fnlly invitei to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the t-ar-
lorsof tbe Golden Gate Undertaking Company.
2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first, 1 uterment
Cypress Lawn cemetery, by e.ectnc funeral-car
from Twentieth and t-.uerxero streets.
MOLLEK-In Mount Eden, Infant child of Can-
tan M. Moller.
05" The tuneral will be held THIS DAY
(Tues lav) at - p. k , from Captain Moller's resi-
dence In Mount Eden. Interment in Mount.
Eden Cemetery. . .
N-OONAN-In this city, April 24. 1897. Michael,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Noonan, and
father of Thomas, John and the late Lizzie Noo-
nan, a native or County Gal way, Ireland, agej
58 years
JiyFriends and acquaintances and members
of Valley Lodge No. 80, A. O. U. W.. are respect-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral THIS D*.Y
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his lata
resideuuf, 4330 Army street, near Diamond,
thence to St. Taul's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose or
S his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. lu-
terrueat Mount Calvary cemetery.
O'BRIEN— thU city, April 25. 1897. P. H.
O'Brfen. father of John W. O'brien of Vallejo,
a native of Kentucky, aged 56 years.
O'DAY— In Oaklan-1. April 24. 1897. Dennis Ney
lon O'Qav. a native of Ireland, aged 55 years.
QUIGLEY— There will be an anniversary solemn
requiem hl;h mass for the r>-poae of tne soul uf
the late Edward Qulgley at Sacred Heart Churc.i
TO-MORROW (Tu-sday), commencing at 10
o'clock a. H. Friends are respectfully invited
io at. end.
BEILLY-In this city, April 25, 1897, Patrick,
beloved husband ot Karati Reilly and father of
James and John Reilly and Mrs. Phil O'Doa-
. Nell, a native of County Cavan, Ireland.
asT".Fnends anl acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from bis late
residence. 2660 Koisom street, thence to Bt.
Peter's Churcn, Twenty- fourth and Alabama
streets, where a requiem high mass will oe cele-
brated for the repose of >hls soul, commens-
lns at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ROHRBACHER— in Stockton. April 25. 1897, of
heart disease, Phillip, beloved busbaoa of Marie
Rohrbacher, a native of Germany, aged 59 years
2 months aud 26 days. •'■ ■ , : •
SIMi'SON-In tills city. April 24. 1897, Thomas
8., beloved husband of Wilhelnjina J. Slmpion.
and father ot Mary E., William F. aud Clyde G.
Simpson, a native of Montreal, Canada, aged 55
years.
49~ Friends and acquaintances ar> respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at, 2 o'clock p.m.. from the family
residence, 340 Clay street. Interment private.
SMITH— X. of H.— To the officers and members of
Union Lodge No. 1»96. Knitsutsof nonor: You
are hereo. notified to attend the funeral of our
late brother. Charles W. MnUh Jr., from his
la c residence, 1418 Geary stree:, TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1 :3J o'clock p. m. sharp.
- OKORGE WALCOM. Dictator.
Chasles G. Schaefeb, Reporter.
BMIIH— .n uaklaiid. April 26, 1897. Florence,
beioved dauzbterof W. R. and Lizzie smith,
a native of Hokqulam, Wash,, aced 4 ye. rs.
VILLEGAS-In this city, April 23, 1597. Qu ria.i
VUlugas. mother of the late Mrs. David Woer-
ner. a native of Chihuahua, Mexico, aged 68
years. . \
AST Notice of funeral hereafter
WARD— In Alameda, April 24. 1897, John G.
uarl.
• l uncral and interment private. : .
I IVIcAVOY CALLACHER, • l"
FUXKKAL DIRECTORS A E3IBALMER3,
SJO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. . \
NOTICE.— THE BUSIXKSs OF MuAVOY
St UALLAi<H It will be conducted ai the
old s:ar.d. No. 20 Fifth stn-eu for the beneflt
of the widow of the late HKNKY J. GALLA'i-
HER and his sister, MISS ANNIE M. GALLAG-
HER. " . •► - *»KS. H. J. GA..LAGUER.
. ANKIE B. (IALLAGHt.K.
I"ma^lrMKNoiiKy^^^^^^CiiA»rAlcslKN 1
JAMES BIcMENOMJS* & SON,
rj>'l)£Kl'AKt:it.S AND ±.3iiiAL.n.e:Ky
I iUji' Alissiou Street, >ear autcuiu. .
I 'XelepUoDH aoutn 354. v
AS. ENGLISH. . \°; "- T. R. CARBW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS ; AND EMBALiIEIU
yUNKRAIj DIKKCTOItS,
Van Ness aye.. near .aittrjiei, ai« o*u i''raaclso»
Telephone bo. 158. ■■■;■ '/:'/■■:£
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER.
GANTN2R & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
Sand 10 CITY UAU MjlAKt.
Telephone south 432.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
k_7 tery to the city; non-sectarian: in no senae ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. Office VV7 Marittf
•ueet, soutueut cgruer u( sixtu,
.-..*, . . ' : — ' •
1314
SPRECKELS
TALKS OF
THE TREATY
Was Opposed to Hawaiian
Reciprocity From
the Start.
WAS A SCHEME OF THE
TRUST.
Has Never Been and Is Not
Controlled by the Sugar
Combine.
WORKING FOR THE INTERESTS
OF HIS COUNTRY.
Money Paid for Hawaiian Sugar F.ows
Mostly Into the Coffers of
Europeans.
CUraa Bpreckels has every reason, he de
clared in an interview yesterday, to be
lieve that the Hawaiian reciprocity treaty
will be abrogated. His confidence in such
an outcome, he said, was due to the facr
that right ami reason were on the side of
these who favored the discontinuance of
the existing convention.
•'Reciprocity." he continued, "means an
exchanee of benefits that have some ap
proach to being equal on both sides. No
one. I believe, will attempt to controvert
such an interpretation of the terra. Now,
I claim, and existing facts and circum
stances will bear me out fully, that the
treaty in force between this country and
Hawaii is reciprocal in name only, and
that all the advantages arising under it
are enjoyed by Hawaii, or rattier the for
eigners resident there.
"At the present time the balance of
trade between the United States and
Hawaii is $-\ OOO,OOO per annum, and no
effort i< made by the Hawaiian Govern
ment to encourage more trading with the
United States. On the contrary, every
thing that is done tends to the encourage
ment of trade with other countries—
notably Canada, Germany and England.
They have even withdrawn the subsidy
formerly paid to the Oceanic Steamship
Company, an American line which has
done more to develop the islands than
any other transportation company.
"I noticed a statement in one of the local
papers that our commerce with Hawaii
was a great factor in givinc employment
to American vessels, and that the Ameri
can shipping engaged in this traffic has a
valuation of $1S 000,000. Any one who will
take the trouble to look over the Custom
house records can lsarn lor himself that
the value of all vessels carrying between
tiiis port and Hawaii wiil not exceed
$2,000,000.
"Much has been said about the trust
beinc interested in the beet-sugar factory
at Watsonville and of its being opposed to
the Hawaiian reciprocity treaty. It is
■_ NEW TO-DAY.
:|[ ijSr
% : fo
3 /^ffJ\^k The United States ||
* A^y^lir^* Government $
<^t %v is SB iSi We- 0s ffl tt * -""^
w wA & & » Er si » r i» prp^m r>r tartar ?*>
-4K %lV 1 k I N W of A tl tex 111 V ) 1 LcllLctl i^-
I . highest of all |
>5 *^-**-3^ in leavening strength. |
1 Royal Baking Powder |
1 Absolutely Pure. 1
JIM' <Uajuma&&& 7C<J^ /xvt-ce>L Xaui^ |
■^ i> ~§ a_ / « « '^
I 7MM^ 1
3 Z<z/^ Chemist U. S. Department of Agriculture, Washington, D. C. '&
"^ &
Only the pure acid of grapes is used in Royal. ||
S Royal leaves no acid or alkali in the food, i-
-3 I — : I f
i — l^
cia.raed by the advocates of the treaty
that if the Hawaiian free sugar is pre
vented from coming here the trust would
be able to shut down one of the refineries.
That is simply nonsense. The Watson
ville factory is turning out 20.C00 tons of
sugar annually, and the Salinas factory,
in course of construction, will have a
capacity of 60,000 tons. Thus these two
factories alone will be capable of manu
facturing enough sugar to supply the peo
ple ot the Pacific Coast, and all this sugar
will be refined on the coast.
"But in addition to these factories there
are two others, which produce between
20,000 and 30,000 tons per year. All this
will also be relined here, and t'hU will
mean not a curtailing of the refining ca
pacity but an increase of it. It would not
pay to ship the raw sugar East, have it
refined tnere and then have it sent back
to the consumer.
"The result will be the establishment of
more refineries in California. And in
stead of the California product being used
a* a supply for the Pacific Coast States
and Territories it will go to consumers in
t'e Missouri River territory and perhaps
eventually as far East as Chicago.
"This means employment in CalifDrnia
of additional thousands of people, tlie
great enhancement in value of farming
properly in the sugar-beet sections and
added prosperity for the State at large.
''Let me call attention to a phase of the
situation that is entirely lost sight of.
We are taking from Hawaii its entire
crop of sucar, which will this year be
about 233,000 tons, for which we will pay
in round rigr.res $10,000,000. Of this prod
uct not to exceed 70,000 tons are turned
out by Americans, while the money for
the remaining l(>5,000 tons is paid to Ger
man and English planters and manufac
turers, and out of the 70,000 tons credited
to Americans 45,000 tons are produced
from the plantations in which I am inter
ested.
"Mv course in this matter i« prompted
simply and solely by my desire to see the
sugar industry of California fostered and
improved. My opposition to the Hawaiian
reciprocity treaty is inspired by the de
sire to encourage the investment of Ameri
can capital in ibis State instead of paying
millions each year to the foreigners — not
Hawaiian* — who largely control the sugar
product of the islands. Not even the
workmen emplo}*ed on the sugar planta
tions and in the factories are native
Hawaiian s, but Chinese and Japanese
coolies and Portuguese, who receive from
$I to $lo a month and must and them
selves.
"Those who are standing for a continu
ance of the treaty I am sure are not aware
of the fact that the money we pay for Ha
waiian sugar does not benefit the islands,
for it eventujfty mostly flows to England,
Germany, China and Japan. My conten
tion is that the money can be and should
be kept in this country, and this can be
accomplished by the abrogation ot the ex
isting treaty with Hawaii and by placing
the same duty on Hawaiian sugar that is
placed on any other similar foreign
product.
"Another popular fallacy that is being
circulated is that I was always strongly
in favor of this treaty. That is not so.
No one was more bitterly opposed to it
when it wns under consideration than I,
and I spent at one lime about $2800 in
sending a petition with a long list of sig
natures attached to Washington in I^7o in
opposition to it.
"At that time I was importing the raw
material from Manila and Batavia and
had to pay duty on it. There was a com
bination at that time between the sugar
trust, with Searles at its head, the sugar
planters of Hawaii and the owners of 'he
American Sugar Refinery of this City
against me because I would not go into
the tru*t.
"For self-protection 1 proceeded to the
islands and soon became the largest sugar
raiser there, with the ultimate result of
not only beating the trust and its combi
nation on the coast, but of invadinS its
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 27, 1897.
best territory in the East and erecting a
refinery in Philadelphia. I have never
allowed the trust to control me in the past
and it does not control me now. While it
has an interest in the Watsonville factory
that fact still leaves me an independent
factor in the sugar market, and this posi
tion I propose to always maintain.
•'While still owning large interests in
Hawaii, I began experimenting with
sugar-beet growing in California, as I
never felt just right to have my capital,
mostly made in California, invested in a
foreisn country. My experiments proved
highly successful and the result is now be
fore the world.
"I have sacrificed large interests in
Hawaii, and stand ready to make further
I sacrifices. I feel that I owe my first duty
to this country, and have always endeav
ored to perform it to the utmost of my
ability. I have at last succeeded in trans
ferring the major part of my interests to
I this State, and the benefits that have ac
crued to the commonwealth I think 1 can
safely leava to the people of the San Joa*
quin, Pajaro and Salinas valleys to tell.
"I am confident that when the people of
| the United States are put in possession of
I the facts connected with the Hawaiian
! treaty there will be an almost unanimous
sentiment in favor of its abrogation. If
we continue the treaty it will be equiva
j lent to putting at least $15,000,000 annu
! ally into the pockets of a number of Eng
; lish and German sugar producers and the
I coolies whom they employ, instead of
j keeping this vast amount of money in
i this country to be distributed among our
j farmers and the people employed in our
own sugar plantations, factories and re
fineries."
O`SULLIVAN GETS
A CHARIVARI
The Barytone's Friends
Welcome Him at the
Tivoli.
14 Shamus O'Brien " Makes a
Great Hil— Dramatic Music
and Plot.
It would be hard to say which made the
bigger hit at the Tivoli last night Denis
j O'Sullivan or "Sharaus O'Brien," the
opera in which he created the title role in
' London a year ago.
The California barytone's friends went
1 to give him a charivari and very thor
j oughly carried out their purpose, but
! O'Fulllvan's work was so connected with
the delightful opera that both were ap
plauded ana honors were about equally
divided.
The house was crowded with the most
j responsive audience that has neen Been in
i this city for a long time. The complete
I success of the opera and its performance
j no doubt added fuel to the ardor of O'Sul
j livan's friends. At the end of the sec
i ond act people rose to their feet and made
I the buildine ring with cries of "O'Sulli
! van," "Shamus O'Brien."
"Sharaus O'Brien" is an opera that
I keeps spectators on the continual quivive.
The book, by George 11. Jessop, tells the
story of Sheridan Le Fanu's celebrated
! poem in a way that is full of movement
. and color, the action fairly dashes along,
'■ and it abounds with sentiment and fun
' strengthened by powerful dramatic move
. ments. as, for instance, when the banshee
I is heard wailing without to portend the
] capture of Shamus, who dashes away only
,. ..." 1 \-'.J^ lit NEW TO-DAT— GOODS.
ITEMS OF INTEREST TO WIDE-AWARE BDYERS!
— -Ss©v-.0-<©3S-
Every known market of the world has j THOROUGHLY UP-TO-DATE collection of
been levied upon for THE NEWEST, RAR- Stylish Dry Goods and Cloaks in the West.
EST, MOST NOVEL AND ARTISTIC PRO- This fact, coupled with the SPECIALLY
DUCTIONS of its best manufacturers, and as LOW PRICES QUOTED THIS WEEK,
a result our colossal Spring Stock is conceded makes our offerings VALUES IMPOSSIBLE
to be pre-eminently the greatest and most TO DUPLICATE ELSEWHERE.
COLORED DRESS GOODs" WASH FABRICS. BLACK DRESS GOODS.
25C~JhL cCcS ÜBLE LDI RE « 3 GOOD $. l n . ,T h ! s week>s attractions will be memorable. \We 'IC--1 ca9e 40-INCH FIGURED FRENCH ETA-
SJ2d lonliI onIiK B.tS£8 .tS£. d *vSd" ' W * GO a onq a ll Ba J e "» P^e S HIGH-GRADE WASH MlN^eoTt to import will b? placed on
piacea on sale at 2oc a. yard. G0 , 0D 5 at les3 than cost of the raw, unprinted mate- sale'at 25c yard
: rial. r»o samples given. ' —
sOC~'^rT. r iecps 52-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY K£\ t — l case 46-INCH ALL PURE WOOL JAC-
w*s CHECKS, fi:ie value for Psc a yard, on special Lot Yard wide HIGH-GRADE PERCALES, *71^ JW> QUARD SUITIN GS, worth regular 75c, will ba
sale at 50c a yard.. were 12 >^c, on sale at /gC sold at 50c yard. . ->:.'
Yard "
7 C — 27 pieces FANCY MIXED CORDUROYS, suit- T . f 9 Znrm o __ rTTC , tT ; 7Sl — 3 c " ses INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH
/J^ able for bicvclinp suits, new effects, will be Ot hJ^f 11 *?' STYLISH DIMITIES, variety fil r ' &*' SERGES, in 3 different Wales, worth $123,
placed on sale at 75c a yard. DroKen, but ample for selection, the 12>4c vl^t. will be placed on sale at 75c yard.
- J special price grade, but now at Yard -
SILK DEPARTMENT. I * l il3lSSS??t£"*£g I S i a IS?, 'iS 7^c LADIES' WAISTS.
at Yard '
7^! — 60 pieces CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK, Lot 4-FINE SHEER INDIA LINENS we have i'-si Cn r — LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRTWAISTS,
*^^ latest shadinj: combinations, heavy quality, bought the product of a mill) that were l^aC v^ "Stanley" make, detachable collars, will be
regular value 90c, will be offered at 75c a yard. made to sell at 20c, butnowat... . . Yard offered at 50c each.
$1.00- 15 r BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE, 24 L<>t EKXJKKSK \2IC 75C "^aTbie ™™?*fu tJlf™£r££^
ln ches wi de. soft, heavy quality, regular. .round^f^U, 1 iusTop:n'ed nn ay: y . aD . Cl . medmm 'f'S • ures, will be offerea at 75c each. ?
value $1 50.. wi1l be offered at $1 a yard. grouna enects, just opened '
■ " i <il fIfI— LADIES' LAUNDERED DIMITY SHIRT
Til If)""" 30 P ieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, me- r^»r— ,»^ : vJ>i»W WAISTS, in all the laiest patterns, will ba
•Pl.ll/ dium and large dpsigns, regular value $150, FX T FYTDA offered at $1 each.
will be offered at $1 10 a yard. UAllvni L.i\. I K^«
:• <&f 7C— LADIES' FANCY DIMITY AND FIG
luct HnoMA/l About 200 LADIES' BLACK &'•**-* URED LAWN WAISTS, in the very latest -
HfISIIPDV nPDADTMCMT JUSI UpeneO. AND COLORED SILK TAF- ngured patterns, will be offered at $1 75 each •
IIU3IC|<Y ÜbFAKIiVIbN I. FETA cJKIRTS, an importer's aavance samples
and on sale at hail value. «"««■ wapm, C/\-LADIE9' FINE DIMITY AND ORGAN -
-500 dozen T ADIFS' FAST MT arv haqi- : vJ»^«vJVf DIE WAISTS, in handsome patterns, lat-
-25C d?uble 2 he n eh t?i E .olef, A H«msd^ K dy e H °a S f.f «» le ' regUlar P rice * 3 Will be off « ed Rt
black with white feet; at 25c a pair. CLOAK DEPARTMENT !
| C C -1 case BOYS' HEAVY RIBBED BICYCLE CLOAK DEPARTMENT. RIBBONS
*^C OR SCHOOL HOSE, suitable for hard wear KIDDUi>3.
and rough usage, at 15c a pair. . LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, braided and scalloped
bottom, colors black, navy, tan and green, 95C R I C~^ 0 - 16-2-INCH ALL-SILK COLOREDSATIN
regular vrlha SI V\ nn vnnrinl srla st Zf3l X 1 *"* — -NO. lb — J-IINOrI Aljly-SILiK. tULOBKD SATIN
regular value $1 <&, on special sale at -r^n, (5 3 Q AND ' GROS-GRAIN BON, in assorted
CORSETS AND UNDERWEAR LADIES' PLAIN TAN KERSEY JACK- colors, value 12Hc will be offered at B^c.
> ETS, lined with silk tnroughout, fly "
7K r -THE CELEBRATED W. B. CORSET in front and new sleeve, regular price $5, tf;^ qj- |OC~^^ 2 2 Jf;^r C^v L "| I rv K^^ LO P DSAT ll f
■ r b ha to d^c m^i; mbr ° idered ' lOnS ! ° nBPeClalSaleat -^H^L- 95 '^ to?oVv£S^ A w I Sb. R B rS?;tS,, """^
reduced to ,oc a pair. LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, in black figured
lA^-1 case LADIES' VFSTS low neck- nn ,u M mohair and colored cbects, lined and l^lr-^- 30-3^-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED
lOC ecruana^hite at 10c each • sJeeTes » bound, regular price $2 50, on special sale C;| j^j- l^ 2 C SATIN AND GROS-GKAIN RIBBON, in as-
ecruana vslme, at IQo each. 1 at vpi«*TvJ sorted color*, value 25c, will be offered at 12^c.
grOUR NEW SPRING CATALOGUE Is now ready for distribution to out-of-town residents, to whom It will be mailed free on application.
IfL/ Murphy Building, Jr /^/Murphy Building, / {/(/ Murphy Building, /
-Martßt.-Bfl Jaw-SaEB- - ■■■■■■ Market anfl Jones Strati . Market and Jones Ste/t
to find British bayonets gleaming at every
exit. ,
Round the thrilling plot of "Shamus
O'Brien," Villiers Stanford has written a
delightful score that abounds with melody
and is staged in a thoroughly modern
and effective manner. The music is al
ways appropriate to the situation, nnd to
a certain extent the orchestra transcribes
the emotions that are passing on the
stage.
Choruses and solos alike are telling and
the melody is Irish in type, though the
comt>o*er has only used two traditional
folk songs, "Father O'Flynn" and an old
marc" tune known as "The Glory of the
West,"
O'Pullivan was an ideal Shamus O'Brien.
His heroic appearance and sympathetic
acting, aided by the attraction of his fine
voice, made hin> everything 'hat could be
desired for the dasintiir Irish hero.
In concert he is afflicted with a vibrato
thai border? on a tremolo, but in opera
this defect is scarcely apparent, and oth
erwise his singing leaves nothing to be de
sired. His two great songs brougtu him
thunders of applause. "I'veShrapened the
Sword" is a dashing maritial air, and the
song by Stanford, interpolated in the sec
end act, was rendered with sympathetic
feeling.
Miss Myra Morella has a <=weet voice and
made an arch and charming Kitty. Two
Dennis O'Sullivan, Who Made a
Big Hit in "Shamus O'Brien "
Last Night.
of the prettiest bits in the score are her
duets with the capiain, "Well, He'd Take
Me by the Hand" and "So It's Kisses
You're Cravinp." Miss Morella and Uhys
Thomas did full justice to both.
Rhys Thomas was in his element as the
British captain of dragoons, and for his
song, "I Can't Let Him Go— l Can't Give
Her Up," he pot a periect ovation.
Another member of the Tivoli company
who rose brilliantly to the occasion was
Maurici Darcy us Mike Murphy, the in
former. Bacb a wretch as Mike scarcely
deserved the fetching solo. "Ocbone, Wnen
I Used to Be Youne." Darcy garnished
this solo with some tellinp humor.
W. H. West was a good Father O'Flynn,
and Miss Laura Millard made a successful
Nora. Ihe choristers sang the (lashing
choruses well nnd acted very cleverly,
particularly in the jig-dancing scenes, and
ihe orchestra, conducted l>y Carl Martens,
added to th<' success of the performance.
"Sbamus O'Brien" is very well staged
and costumed. Judging :rom last nimbi's
enthusiasm, it i* booked for a long run.
Baldwin Theater.
The principal feature of Primrose aud
Wesfi minstrel performance last night was a
c»ke walk, in which some effective new steps
were introduced. The big sugared cfce wft s
taken by a youthful couple belonging to the
company. At the end of the week a watch
will be donated to the couple who have won
most fiivor. George H. Primrose's new song,
"Mr. Johnson, Turn Me Loose," caught on
At the Columbia.
"A Run on the Bank," with those popular
entertainers. Ward and Yokes, that opened at
the Columbia last evening, has all the qualifi
cations necessary for a successful farce-comedy.
First and foremost, there is noc even the laint
est thread to hang a piot on. But then there
are plenty of pretty girls in abbreviated skirts
and big hats who sing well and dance grace-
I fully.
'A Run on the Bank" is crammed to the full
! with clever specialties and Dew jokes. Each
performer in the cast is an artist in his or her
| especial line, and there is not a dull moment
I from the rise ol the curtain to the final lalL
Lucy Daly, who was here last with the "Pass
ing Show," repeals her former success in her
eccentric dancing. She had a worchy a<d in
her charming sister, Little Nell.
Ward and V'okes would make any show a
success, and surrounded as they are by clever
people, are bound to make maay lauehins
friends. *
At the Grand Opera-House.
"The Smugglers" is one ot those plays that
is warranted to give one so many shivers per
minute. There is beauty in distress, suffering
virtuous maidens, a noble hero and a despic
able villain, who at last meets with his just
deserts. '
The play is handsomely staged, and the
scenes In -The Smugglers" are realistic to the
extreme. Miss Euith Lvndou is a charming
Mamie Wolford, and is especially stunning in
her natty boy's suit. All the cast is in good
hands, and the play moves smoothly lrom
start to linish.
Alcazar Theater.
"A Nob'.e Rogue" held the boards at the
Alcazar last night. The "swinging bridge"
was undoubtedly the hit of the evening.
Melodramas are noted for their wonderful
mechanical effects, and though "The Noble
Rogue" crowds its best effects into one act
they are none the less startling for that. A
huge swinging bridge opens and a steamer
passes up the river. Miss Virginia Jackson
made her first appearance at this theater and
promises to establish herself as a favorite.
Mrs. F. M. Bates effectually disguises herself
In a black make-up and appears as Phillis
White.
Of George Osbourne's Jack Adams, the hon
est rogue, there is little to be said except to
repeat praise already bestowed. Baby Lewi9
plays Teddy, a wail, ana sings and dances her
self into high favor.
At the Orpheum.
Six new people opened at the Orpheum last
night. The Midgleys, juvenile cnaracter de
lineators, made a distinct hit. Their act is
full of mirthful songs and good dancing, so
they succeed in delighting their audiences.
Alexander Tacianis, the phenomenal male
soprano, did some clever work, as did Al and
Mamie Anderson in their dnncing. S>ig.
Achile Alberti and Mme. Annum Orlandi.with
their special act, are receiving their usual
| amount of approbation, and the rest of the bill
is up to the usual standard.
At the Chutes.
Cavill, the Australian swimmer, is a great
card at the ilaight-street grounds, and every
afternoon and evening there are largo crowds
! to witness his exhibitions. There will be a big
time on May day. when Pacific Parlor No. 10.
N. S. G. W. .will uke possession of the ground.-,
afternoon and evening.
Cleason. the Horse Klnp.
A big crowd was at the Pavilion last night
to see Professor O. R. Gleason subdue his first
batch of rebellious horses. To-morrow night
a grand double bill will be given— ten of the
worst horses to be found in the City will be
handled. Gruelle, the one-legged roueh rider,
will aiso Rive an exhibition of horsemanship.
Gleason will bo at the Pavilion this week and
next.
A gentleman traveling in Persia says be
has been in a town where the bells ring
for prayer live times a day, and business
men rush out of their offices to the
| churciies, leaving their places of business
I alone and unlocked and nobody ever has
a thing stolen.
I BHTjage Ti-,,,sr r i i-.-ti to Trains, Steamers
. Al*o moved In the City. . . .
i Morton Special Delivery,
408 Taylor street and 650 Market street*
BALDWIN STANDS
BY HIS BATTERY
Lillian Ashley Is a Hyster
ical, Nervous Woman
Amid Defeat.
The Gay but Grim Millionaire
Will Not Part With a
Dollar
i
Will Go East Soon and the Girls Who
Played Tramps and Lost My
Do as They Can.
Lillian Ashley yesterday retrieved
nothing from the defeat she suffered the
day before in her campaign against
"Lucky Baldwin for the support of the
little blue-eyed girl, who she and Judge
Slack say is his.
The gay millionaire was ahead in the
dramatic game at nightfall, and is likely
to remain so while Lillian remains on a
sickbed in St. Luke's Hospital, at leant.
There are no indications that E. J. Bald
win intends to pay one sou markee to the
adventurous woman, who is cutting bo
big a figure in his present career, and
there is no clear prospect of what is going
to become of Lillian, Sister Emma and
little Beatrice Anita in the near future.
The hack that whirled them to the Mis
sion night before last dodged about and
whisked into Dorland street, a little, tin
kempt, ungraded and still side thorough
fare that lays open a short row of blocks
between Seventeenth and Eighteenth
streets, north of Guerrero. It stopped in
the sand before a neat little double Hat,
and into the lower one, at No. 216 V* two
of the three trunks were carried. Tuat is
where Sister Emma and the baby are now
wondering what is going to happen next.
Lillian Ashley is at St. Luke's as a
patient of Dr. \V. H. Mays, who is attend
ing her. Dr. Mays was her physician
beiore and during the trial of her auit
against Baldwin.
"She has wasted greatly since that
time,' 1 said Dr. Mays yesterday, "and is
but a shadow of her former self. She is
now suffering from complete nervous pros
tration and also lrom something which
requires a severe surgical operation which
might enable her to recover her health. I
know of no friends here and of no re
sources which *he has. If she has any
friends, they ought to come to her aid, for
she badly needs medical and surgical
care."
It's worry and not bittterness that Lucky
Baldwin is getting, but Mr. Baldwin is
keeping his end up, and he can face a
whole lot of worry.
"Of course there's no telling what will
happen," said one of his private detectives,
"and Mr. Baldwin will simply have to
keep on ins guard. But Mr. Baldwin
won't have a bodyguard going around
wild him. We wanted him to, but he
wouldn't."
'Mr. Baldwin is doing nothine, noth.
ing," declared his attorney, Reuben H-
Lioyd, indignantly yesterday. 'The wo
man lihs been put oat of the hotel and
Mr. Baldwin has nothing to do witd her.
Settlement of the matter? Never! I
wouldn't give her a 5-cent piece," and the
brisk lawyer snapped a linger contemptu
ously. "They will never blackmail Mr.
Baldwin out oi a cent. They can't scare
hint. He's been through the war too many
times. Why, when he was shot at in the
courtroom I was twice as scared as he
was. He was cool as a cucumber."
Baldwin is going East. He was going
anyway, and he may find it necessary to
go in a day or two.
It transpires that when the Ashley girls
arrived at the Baldwin as Mrs. and Miss
Lay of Chicago they had drawn up a doc-
I ument by which Baldwin was to agree to
pay $10,000 in satisfaction of all claims.
They came to make the bold and dramatic
play on the advice of a Pasadena lawyer,
not counting on finding Baldwin out of
town. They intended to request him to
call on Mrs. Lay in her room and then
play trumps.
They would have failed in that, for
Lucky Baldwin has adopted lately a new
and wise rule for all such cases. He sends
word that he will see the lady in the re
ception-room, as be did three week-4 ago
when a stranger sent a winning summons
from her suite in the hotel.
Attorney Kowalsky says that he acted
wholly in behalf of the hotel people, who
wanted to get the women out of the house,
and that since they are gone his interest
in the matter has entirely ceased.
The situation is a drama of hate, with
grim determination in the bating hearts.-
A German court has dociaed that e!ec
tri city cannot be stolen. A man was ar
rested on the charge of having stolen am.
pe res of current by tapping a light com
pany's mains and usine it to run a moto r
The court, on appeal, ruled that -'only a
movable material object" could be stolen,
which electricity was net, and, therefore,
the man was acquitted.
NEW TO-DAT.
wn
more Mi
DREAD Wr
OF
THE DENTAL CHAIR
TrFTII Extracted Without Pain-
. I U Hilled Without Pain.
I rr I II Crowned Without Pain.
1 LL I || Bridge Work Without Pain.
These are the only dental parlors In San Fran-
| Cisco that have the paient appliances and ingre-
I dients to extract. lill or apply KOld crowns and
1 porcelain crowns nndetectaole from natural teeth
and warranted for ten year* without the least par-
Itcleol puin. We are not competing witn cheap
' dental establishments, but with flrsl-cl»ss dentists
I at prices less thuu half those charged by them.
For the purpose of at once springing int*
prominence, until May 20 we will make
FULL SET OF TEETH for $6.00
GOLD CROWNS. 221 c 4 00
! BKIIiGE WOKK. per Tooth 4 OJ
SILVKK FILLING 2»- up
GOLD FILLING - 76c «^ p
CLEANING TEKTH 5O«
By leaving order (or Teeth In the morning you
can get tneni tue same day.
No charge for Extracting Teeth when ptates are
ordered.
Work done as well at night as by day-
light by the modern electrical devices
used here.
VAN VROOM ELECTRO-
DENTAL PARLORS,
997 Market St.
I Three Skilled Operators. LaJy Attendants.
I German and irench spoken. Op^n veuin till
i 8; Sundays. 9 till 13. All surgical worlc done br
G.W. Williamson. M.D. - •
LADIES <*~
SPECIAL SALE
Tailor=Made Suits,
Value $20^_Sold for $12.50.
ARM AND CAILLEAU,
46.1K AKV KXKJS£X.