rOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 35.
ALL READY FOR THE FRAY.
Legislators Line Up at the
Capital to Begin
Business.
CAUCUS OF REPUBLICAN
SENATORS.
Thomas J. Flint to Be President
Pro Tern, and Leslie Black
burn Sergeant-at-Arms.
HORDES OF OFFICE-SEEKERS AT
SACRAMENTO.
But There Is a Fair Prospect of Many Place
Hunters Being Disappointed, for Economy
Is to Be Rigidly Practiced During
the Session.
SACRAMENTO, Ca!., Jan. 3.— The Senate caucus to-day agreed j
upon Thomas Flint Jr., for President protein.; F. J. Brandon, for
Clerk; Leslie Blackburn, for Sergeant-at-Arim, and Michael J. Coffey
for Assistant Sergcant-at-Arms.
The caucus will be resumed at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning, and
the matter of organizing the Senate on the first day or of deferring
organization until the next day will be determined.
.Many important bills are being prepared and a large number of \
claims from agricultural district associatio s will be presented.
LESLIE BLACKBURN WINS.
Cb"o*ar> Sergeant-at-Arms a!: the
Caucus of the Twenty-Eight
Republican Senators.
SACRAMENTO, Gal., Jan. 3. — The
twenty-eight Kepublican Senators held a
caucus in the Capitol this afternoon.
Senator Bert of San Francisco was in the
cnair. As was expected, Leslie Black
burn, the hard man to beat, was the
choice for scrgeant-at-arms. Michael J.
Coffey of ban Francisco was the winner
for the assistant sergeant-at-a/ms, and
SOME OF THE MOST CONSPICUOUS CHARACTERS AT THE CAPITAL AS DEPICTED BY CULVER.
The Call
Frank J. Brandon was elf cted secretary.
Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan was agreed
upon for president pro tern.
The defeated candidates, Smith and
Martin, made a game fight and exempli-
; fled the truth of the proverb that it is not
I wise to count chickens in the sbell unless
! you are eating them, in which event you
I are sure they are there.
The Senate caucus will proceed at 10
| o'clock to-morrow morning, when Lieu
', tenant-Governor Jeter's case will be taken
;up and disposed of. A programme of
I action will be decided upon, and tuere is
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JANUARY 4, 1897.
SUNDAY SCENE IN THE LOBBY OF THE GOLDEN EAGLE HOTEL, SACRAMENTO.
Groups of Well-Known Legislators and Their Friends Rallied in Full Force in the Lobbies of the Popular Caravansary at the State Capital
Yesterday Afternoon, and Discussed Matters of Importance to Be Considered by the Legislature of California, Particularly the Election of a
United States Senator to Succeed Hon. George C Perkins. To-Day the Session Begins, but Little Will Be Done Beyond Temporary
Organization. Many Off ce-Seekers Are in a Fair Way to Be Disappointed.
but little doubt that the Senate will take
into its own hands the appointment of
committees; not that there is any
thought of disrespect toward the Lieu
tenant-Govern or, but because tha Re
publican Senators do not think he would
give them as cood committees as they
could pick out for themselves.
Tho question of organization will also
come before the caucus, and it will be de
termined whether theorganization will be
completed to-morrow or whether it will
be deferred until the next day, in which
event the election of n United States Sen
ator would be put off for another week.
In a conversation with Senator Lan?
ford to-night, he informed a Call corre
spondent that be had in preparation a bill
making a claim against the State for
UO.OOO or $12,000 on behalf of Agricultural
D strict No. 2, which is in San Joaquin
County. The Senator snid that the forty
eight agricultural districts in the Stale
had been taken at a serious disadvantage
when Governor Buad vetoed the bill ap
pronriating about $190,000 for the agricul
tural districts. The directors had gone on
before the veto was put on the bill and
had contracted certain obligations for the
payment of premiums and other things
necessary for the operation of district
fairs. This left them in debt when the
appropriation bill was vetoed and they
had no means of raising tne necessary
funds to wipe out the obligations. Agri
cultural Association No. 2, which the Sen
FifciCE FIVE CENTS.
■ ator represents, borrowed from and
j through its members money with which
I to pay the most pressing of these obliga-
I tions, about $3000. There are yet many
I premiums to be paid, not to speak of other
legitimate claims of the value of about
$10 000 or $12,000. The Senator said also,
that other districts would come in with
similar claims, but tnat the total, includ
ing that of No. 2, would not exceed
$06,000.
Representatives here from the reining
districts are preparing a bill, in accord
ance with the recommendation of the
State Miners' Convention held in San
Francisco recently, asking Congrass to
give the mining industry a representation
in the Cabinet. They claim that if the
miners are properly protected the output
of metals of all kinds from California
would amount to $100,000,000 per annum.
On behalf of the newspapers of Califor
nia there will be presented to the Legisla
ture a bill making a very radical chance in
the law of libel. Under the present law a
newspaper cannot publish the arrest of a
person without being guilty of a criminal
libel and amenable to damages in a civil
action. Scipio Craig of the Redlands C.t
rograph is here in the interest of the pro
posed amendment.
A casein which the strict construction
of the lnw worked much hardship to a
SEW TO-DAY.
Man's View
Of Marriage.
"IS MARRIAGE A
FAILURE?"
It is not uncommon for men to bewail the
fact that marriage so seldom means a. real
companionship — that man and wife are
separated by difference of taste, of mental
outlook, of general interest in life. It i 3
perhaps even more common to hear women
blamed for what is called breach of contract
in the marriage relation. If the wife be
delicate, run-down, nervous and irritable,
if her smile and her spirits have taken
flight, it worries her husband as well as
herself. Even worse symptoms may fol-
low — the woman suffers from sleeplessness
and fainting spells, fcer head is in a whirl,
her back aches, and she has that awful
crowding-down feeling in the abdomen. It
depends on the woman whether she will
permit these troubles to continue day by
day leading to a life of misery.
Thousands have been cured by taking Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription, and why not
you? A healthy woman is always interest-
ing ; she passes for a beauty because she is
happy, and her good spirits are contagious.
Good nature goes with health ; irritability
and peevishness with sickness.
Those who suffer from the derangements,
disorders and diseases of the sex should re-
member that Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief consult-
ing physician to the Invalids' Hotel and
Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N. V., has, for
over a quarter of a century, made the dis-
eases of women a specialty. Send 10 cents
(in stamps) to him, at above address, for
'his medical book on "Women and Her
Diseases," (168 pages profusely illustrated
with wood cuts and colored plates). It will
be mailed to you seat rely sealed in a plain
envelope. It contains photographs, names
and addresses of a vast number who have
been cured. You can correspond with
them and learn how they cured themselves
without having to consult a doctor.2
J. H. Shine* A. J. Pedlar. Eugene F. Bert. W. A. Shipper
J. H. Mahoney. J. M. Gleave^ Eugene Aram. E. C Voorheis. J. C. Holloway.
newspaper publisher was quoted by Ed
itor Craig, and was also the text at the
recent meeting of the California Editorial
Association. The story in brief is that a
servant woman employed by a prominent
merchant of Sacramento called at the office
of the Chief of Police and complained of
her employer, accusing him of a serious
crime against her. Upon the woman's
statement and affidavit the man was ar
rested. A reporter of the Sacramento Bee
wrote the woman's story as she had given
it to the Chief of Police, and in the same
issue of the paper published a denial of
the accused. On a preliminary examina
tion the man was held to answer, but on
the trial in the Superior Court he was
acquitted on tne grouiui of insufficiency of
evidence.
The merchant began a libel suit for $50.
--000 damages, and the case being tried
before a Judge and without a jury, the
McClatcheys were adjudged to have vio
lated the law against libel and were
ordered to pay the merchant $500. The
prosecution conceded that the publication
had been without malice, but the court
held substantially that as the merchant
had not been found guilty of the charge
brought sigainst him by the woman, the
publication of the item had injured him
and that he shoul-i be entitled to receive
damages. The point of the case was the
fact that the statement of the woman to
the Chief of Police was Dot a priv.leged
communication or such matter as would
be allowed by law, not being made un^er
oath and in a court proceedine. The Su
preme Court sustained the decision of the
Sacramento Judge and h U that it was
the law. Under the decision a woman
who had been wronged would be debarred
from exposing the wrongdoer if the police
magistrate should refuse to is-ue n war- i
rant for him, for it would be unlawful for
a newspaper to publish her statement and
the whim of a Judge could prevent her
making one that could be published.
Mr. Craig lamented fhe fact that the
conduct of such papers as the Examiner
had made it necessary that a Judge
should interpret the law so strictly as
against the defendants, but, he added, :io
matter how strict the laws might be made
ana no matter how severe the punishment
might be such unscrupulous journals as
the one he named would manage to evade
it and escape punishment.
Thomas V. Cator was among the arri
vals to-night. He says that he will re
man for two or three days. Dan T. Coie
came also.
HOLD-OVER REPUBLICAN SENATORS.
NOT TIED BY PLEDGES.
Members of the Legislature Will
Act for the Best Interests In
Selecting: a Senator.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Jan. 3.— The
Democratic Examiner, the Sacramento
Record-Union, tail-cud organ of the rail
road kite, tosether with all the place
hunters and chronic loafers around the
i Legislature are telling respectable Repub
j licans that it is treason to mention for the
senatorship any aspirant other than
j George C. Perkins. It goes without say
ing that every place-seeker has a promise
of a place from Perkins.
The vaporines of the Examiner in
Perkins' support has disgusted many
decent Republicans who entertain ideas of
their own in regard to the fitness of canrti
j dates for United States Senator. Now the
! spectacle of the out-and-out orean of the
i railroad c rporation proclaiming in col
j umns of double-leaded type that Per Kins
j can only be defeated by treason, corrup
tion and party dishonor, deepens the
disgust of sensible hizb-minded repre
sentatives of the Republican party.
There are some things in politics, even
California politics, that are altogether too
raw for Republicans. \Vhen it is ob
served that ihe San Francisco Democratic
organ and the Sacramento rosette of jour
nali-m are pulling together inPerkins' tight
honest Republicans who do not set their
political instructions from the Democratic
party or the railroad camp are inclined to
resent the advice as indolent and intrusive.
It is already the talk of the sanguine
supporters of Perkins that if sixty-one
votes cannot be secured in the Republican
rar;y to elect him to the Senate the
Democrais following the advice of the
Examiner will get into the tight and give
him enough votes to pull through.
The Republican members of the pre ent
Legislature are not Jied up and fast bound I
by Senatorial pledges. Instructions given 1
to them by their constituents contemplate
that they shall use ther judgment and
select the best Republican lor the Senate.
They have not been toid to consult the
Examiner and Record-Union and get in
structions from those quarters. They are
free to act as their intellieenc« and con
science dctate. In view of developments
at Washington recently and the subse
quent attitude of subsidized railroad or
gans in Calitornia many Republicans who j
do their own thinking are gravely consid
ering whether ihe interests of the party
would not be conserved by holding aloof |
from the caucus. It is sure that they will »
HOLD-OVER REPUBLICAN SENATORS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1897.
not De herded and corralcd by the double
leaded rails of the Record-Union. The
spirit of independence is still elive in the
ranks of California Republicans.
A PRETTY CONTEST.
Candidates for the Office of Ser
geant-at-Arms of the Assembly
Lined Up for Battle.
SACRAMENTO, Cal, Jan. 3.— There is
a pretty contest on for sergeant-at-arms of
the Assembly. By common consent the
position was conceded to San Francisco,
but the delegation from the City could
not agree as between Banks, Wilkinson
and Parkinson. Now J. H. Tibbetts of
Amador, an ex-Assemblyman who recent
ly returned from South Africa, is in the
race. Tibbiits is now known in Amador
as the uncrowned king of Matabeland.
R. C. Crothers, proprietor of the San
Francisco Bulletin, made his advent in
the swirl at (he Golden Eigle this even
ing* This is new business to Mr. Crothers,
and be gazes on ihe surging crowd of
place-seekers with evident surprise.
The San .Francisco delegation of Assem
bly Republicans essayed to caucus this
evening, but adjourned without accom
plishing anything.
DESiRVLS THE HONOR.
Colonel Kuwrtisky Tells Why He
Supports Samuel M. Short
ridge for Senator.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 3.— ln an in
terview this evening Colonel H. I. Kowal
sky thus defined bis position :
"The reason I am for Samuel M. Short
ridee lor United States Senator is because
I see an opportunity of uniting the Re
publican party. Everybody knows the
bitter contest waged in San Francisco be
tween the factions and the position I took.
Mr. Shortridge, while on the other side,
occupied an honorable and dignified posi
tion, working at all times to produce har
mony, and if that result was not obtained
it was not because his efforts were not
earnest and untiring.
"For fifteen years I have labored side by
side with Mr. Shortridge, in season and
out of season, for the success of the Re
publican party, and I know of no man
more worthy of being honored by his
party at vhis time. My friends with
whom I have co-operated in the past join
me in the opinion that Mr. Shortridge
possesses all the elements that can bring
us together and solidify the party, so that
hereafter we can present a solid front,
and it is to the interest of the party
throughout the State to have the Repub
licans of San Francisco united.
"Mr. Shortridge is in the very prime of
life, gifted and learned, and would return
to California the honor conferred by his
election to the place of United Suites Sen
ator. It is time that the Republican party
honored one of its young men, and par
ticularly one who has labored so unself
ishly as Mr. Shortridge has, and I feel sat
isfied tnat his selection at this time will be
the means of brineing proper Federal re
cognition to California and to the earnest
workers of the party who are honestly
entitled to consideration.
"I may say in conclusion that as a law
yer Mr. Shortridge stands in the ad
vance line of his profession, and as an
orator he has few if any equals on this
coast. Born and reared a Republican, he
has given his time, energies and great
talent> to advance the cause of his party.
Every man in California knows of his long
and faithful service. Although I have
fougnt him politically 1 have been and
am now His personal friend. For this
reason and for the others stated I have
gone into this tight wishing to do honor
where honor is deserved."
SEEKERS OF POSITIONS.
Many Will, No Doubt, Be Dlsap-
pointed, for There Is a Promise
of Economy.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Jan. 3— The ap
plicants for clerical and other positions —
and their number is legion — are very much
alarmed because of the action of the
Assembly caucus yesterday at which it
was decided to make an effort to conserve
the interests of economy by reducing the
number of attaches from 150 to 100. The
country members were particularly in
sistent on this point, their constituents
bav.ng had two or three bad years, and
they have demanded that th 9 strictest
economy shall be exercised in the manage
ment of the State's affairs.
The gentlemen who will endeavor to
inaugurate this refoim are just beginning
to realize what a difficult task they have
befere them. Places are few, and place
hunters are many, and most of the appli
cants have so large a number of influen
tial friends that the new member will be
staggered when he is confronted with the
average pull of the average office-seeker.
He will realize the fact that the appli
cants have been very busy for the last few
weeks, day ana night, in massing their
forces and concentrating their strength.
The new member who intends to keep his
pledges and to save to the State every
dollar ot expense that he can, will find it
very hard to resist the pleadings of inti
mate friends and persons who favored him
in a business way, and he is lost in won
der at the strong hold that the applicant
has gained on those friends. Then when
he finds that bis neighbor in the Senate
or Assembly is disposed to be a little lib
eral with the funds of the State in order
to maintain his popularity among the
workers as a good fellow the temptation
in many cases becomes too strong to be re
sisted.
He will find what more experienced
men than he have found before— that a
political pull, when it is genuine, is the
strongest kind ot a pull. The tug-of-war
is nothing but the play of an iniant in
comparison with it. So the friends of the
applicants are bidding them to be of good
cheer and to wait patiently the turn ol
events.
Many of the old familiar faces are soen
in the old familiar places. There is Mrs.
Harris of Sacramento, whom everybody
knows, again at her post, the entrance :o
the Golden Eagls Hotel, for an hour or
two, and the ladies' parlor, lying in wait
for Senators and Assemblymen, asking
them to help her to get lhe appointment
as custodian of the ladies' cloakroom in
the halls of legislation. She had the job
before and was enabled to better care for
her invalid husband. She is a persistent
worker and knows neither rest nor re
fusal.
Long John Wilkins makes the sidewalk
in front of the hotel look like old times,
bis tall form rising above the crowd like
an ebony monument. He is after any
thing that may come bandy to keep the
wolf from the door while the Legislature
is in session.
T. H. McCarthy is here in the interest
of the teacbers' pension bill, and although
it is almost too early to talk about bills
until after the election of a United States
Senator he is on deck day and night, doing
like the rest of them— talking, talking.
Wherever a body of politicians are gath
ered together there you will find one of
Mose Gunst's biggest 4">-caliber cigars
with Jake Steppacher behind it. Jake is
and has been the secretary of the Repub
lican State Central Committee for many
years, and no man in the State is better
acquainted with the routine of Republi
can politics than he. Of him Major Mc-
Laugblin, who knows something himself,
said that he was a valuable mine of politi
cal information. Jake is noted for his
reticence. Nobody except the person offi
cially entitled thereto can get any infor
mation out of him. He is a mystery of
the lobbies, and even his c.^ar does not
know how strong a pull he has on it. Jake
is in evidence day and night, but he is not
saying anything. W. B. Hamilton, Sena
tor Perkins' political manager, is on the
ground looking out lor the interests of his
friend. «
There is the usual number of ladies lob
bying for clerkships and other positions
in both houses. The feeling against the
employment of women in politics is grad
ually wearing away. They make good
clerks, don't get drunk and run cut all
night with the rest of the boys, and every
year they are making serious inroads in
the ranks of the "push," who regard the
pretty women as interlopers into an
ancient and honorable order. The fact
that women hwe no vote has always been
the greatest snac in their way to political
employment, but they are holding their
own very well indeed against the men in
securing positions by persistent lobbying
for the same. Some of these have invalid
mothers to support, and it is after all a
very good sign that politics does not
always stifle the finer feelings of human
nature.
A wagon-load of boys are seeking ap
pointment as pages, and it is believed that
most of them are the brightest and most
gentlemanly lads that the State can pro
duce. In a modest and altogether unob
trusive wsy they approach the members
and present their cards with the request
respectfully made that their claims should
not be forgotten in the distribution of the
patronage. Some day those little fel
lows, or at all events the greater number
of them, will be occupying seats in the
State Capitol and growling at the slow
ness and inattention of "those confound
edly lazy boys." They will be Senators
and Assemblymen, and will, no doubt,
improve on the methods of their t>rede
cessors.
ECONOMY THE ORDER.
Speaker Coombs Talks About the
Probable Organization of the
Assembly.
BACRASaENTO, Cal., Jan. 3.—Organi
zation of the Assembly may be effected
to-morrow, yet obstacles unforeseen may
delay the completion of this work until
Tuesday. Speaker Coombs, as he is al
ready designated, because no one has en
tered the list to deprive him of the honors
and prerogatives of the Speakership, has
been a busy man to-day.. In an interview
this evening he remarked:
''I have not taken "up the subject of
standing committees ana will pr >bably
not settle down to that task until the
Assembly is organized. My time to-day
has been devoted to a long conference
with the committee appointed to con
sider the matter of patronage. It i 3 our
purpose to retrench all along the line and
make a reduction in the number of at
taches of one-third as compared with the
number engaged by the Assembly at the
session two years aj;o. One hundred and
fifty-two attaches were on the payroll two
years ago. The force was exce sive and
added largely to the contingent expenses
of the Legislature. We .recognize that
there is a public demand for retrench
ment and we propose to respond to it, or
at least make an honest effort to get into
line with the taxpayers of the Sta.e. I
have talked with very many Assembly
men to-day, and I find a positive and
almost unanimous sentiment in favor of
Keeping the numb.-r of attaches within a
limit oi 100.
"When the matter of jatronage is set
tled I will take up the subject of appoint
ing the standing committees of the As
sembly. I shall get a room somewhere In
tbe Capitol and receive suggestions from
all the members. I see no reason why the
A seiubly should not organize to-morrow.
The appointment of the standing commit
tees is not at all necessary for the organi
zation of the House."
The fight is raging all around tbe hotel
for clerkships and minor positions of every
grade from page to rear porter. The As
sembly caucus to-morrow morning may
deprive many of the applicants of hope.
The Governor is ready to tire in his bi
ennial message as soon as he is notified
that the two hou-es are ready to hear
from him. The message is said to be a
great retrenchment papar, in which at
tention is culled to the extravagance of
public institutions in this State.
One of the rirst acts oi the Legislature
will be tbe adoption ot a joint resolution
or memorial to Congress asking that a
duty of 80 cents a box be placed on oranges
in the tariff measure now being lrarned at
Washington. Senator Androus of Los
Angeles will introduce the subject in the
Senate and the Los Angeles delegation in
the Assembly will act simultaneously. It
ia proposed to wire the resolution to
Washington.
FRENCH RADICALS DEFEATED.
Fail in Their Attempts to Oust the Mod
erate Republicans Wherever a Con
test /s Made.
PARIS, France, Jan. 3.— The elections
which were held to-day in various parts of
France to fill the seats of one-third of the
members of the osnate resulted in the de
feat of the Radicals, who failed in their
attempts to oust the Moderate Republican
candidates wherever the latter contested
the di-tricts. Even Seine-e:-Marne, the
boureeoisie's own department, and the
Department dv Nord re-elected the retir
ing Moderate Ra publican candidates.
Up to midnight returns had been re
ceived from ninety-seven districts, show
ing the election of 53 Moderate Republi
cans, 18 Radicals and 11 Conservatives.
The Republicans gain 13 seats.
In the department of the Haute Gar
onne M. Victor CaniDaran, Republican,
was the only Senator re-elected. This de
partment returns four members of the
upper house. MM. Ournac and Valentine
Abeille, the latter a Radical Republican,
viio represents a district of Haute
Garonne in ibe Chamber of Deputies, were
elected, leaving the fourth seat to be con
tested on a reballot by Count Paul de
Remusat, M. Adrian Hebrard and ex-
Minister Constant, the retiring Senators.
Iv the department of Gironde. which
returns five Senators, ex-Minister Tra
rieux, Republican, retains his seat. E.t-
Minister David Raynal, Republican, who
represents Bordeaux in the Chamber of
Deputies, was elected Senator in one of
the Gironde districts.
M. Antonin Duboise was returned as a
Senator for the department of Isere, for a
district of which he now sits in the Cham
ber of D puties.
General Paul Grevy, Republican, who
has filled for many years one of the three
seats for the department of Jura, is likely
to lose his seat.
Dr. Victor Lourties, Republican, who
has represented a district of. the depart
ment of Landes since 1838, was Minister
of Commerce in the Dupuy Cabinet of 1894
and Secretary of the Senate for several
years, has been re-elected.
Among the more prominent Spnators
who have been re-elected are: M. Wal
deck-Rousseau, who was 'Minister of the
Interior in the cabinets of Gambetta and
Ferry; M. Louis Cochery, who has held
several ministerial positions, including
that of Minister of Posts and Telegraphs
in the Cabinet of M. Waddington; M.
Fallier^s, Minister of the Interior In 1882
in the Cabinet of M. Duclerc; M. Ernest
Boulanger, a Minister of the Colonies in
the Cabinet of M. Casimir-Perier, and M.
Louis de Velle, also an ex-Minister.
They represent districts in the depart
ments of the Loire, Loirette, Haute
Garonne and Manse.
The Senate is composed of 300 mem bers,
of whom one-fourth were originally elected
by the National Assembly for Jiie, VBcan
c.es in this rank being filled by tbe Senate
itself. Since 1884, however, no new life
Senators have been elected, the distinc
tion being abolished for ult except the sur
vivors of the previous election.
Subject to the gradual absorption of the
remaining life Senatorships, the entire
body of the second chamber is renewed
by thirds every three years, so that the
Senatorial mandate extends for nine years
in each case. The qualification for Sena
tors is that they shail be of French nation
ality, net under 40 years of age an d in full
enjoyment of their civil >\nd political
rights; but members of families who have
furnished occupants of the throne and
generals or admirals on active service are
disquali fied. The salary of a Senator is
15.000 francs a year.
Senatorial electors, in the several con
stituent departments are of three cate
gories: First, communal and municipal
delegates, elected by a majority of each
commune or municipality, one or more
delegates for every local representative
body, according to population; second,
all the members of each council generul
and district council; third, the deputies
in each department.
Two months after the election of dele
gates the whole electoral college proceeds
to nominate one-third of the total number
of Senators voted to the department.
A later dispatch states thatCounide
Remusat. Moderate Repoblicim, deleated
M. Consta; a in Haute Garonne on the
third ballot. The vote stood 514 to 437,
eiving Count de Remusat a majority of 77.
The Moderate Republicans claim that the
defeat of M. Constans, who is a Repub
lican, is a great victory for them.
Carlisle in A>u> Tork.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 3.-John G.
Carlisle, Secretary of the Treasury, ar
rived in the city late to-night from Wash
ington.
BRIM MAY NOW
GET NEW TRIAL
Peculiar Charge of the
Judge Causes Some
Complications.
Jurors Misunderstood the Mean
ing of the Words of
the Court.
Thinkin? They Were Compiled to
Yield to the M JDrity They R •
turned a Verdict cf Guilty.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 3.— H. J. Booth, a
member of the jury which on Saturday
found Thoaias B. Bram guilty of the Her
bert Fuller murders, to-nignt told The
Call correspondent that at least four
members of the jury did not believe that
the man's guilt was proved, but voted for
the verdict because they believed they
had to.
The jury went out at 1:05 o'clock Fnaay
afternoon, and Saturday morning aske I
the court for instruction?, on just what
point the lawyers in tbe case do not know,
but evidently as to the proper course to
iollow to avoid deadlocking. To this
Judge Colt said in part:
*'In order to firing twelve minds to s
unanimous result you must examine the
questions with regard and deference to
the opinions of each other. It is your
duty to decide the case. In conferring to
gether yoa ought to be convinced by each
other's argument, and if the larger num
ber of your panel are for a conviction, a
dissenting juror should consider whether
a doubt in his mind is a reasonable one,
which makes no impression upon the
minds of so many men equally honest,
equally intelligent with himself."
Mr. Cotter, Brain's counsel, excepted to
this ruling.
"This ruling," Mr. Booth says, "made
the jury bring in a verdict. At least four
members oi the jury will make affidavit
that they do not think Bram guilty, that
they did not believe him guilty, but we
interpreted Judge Coil's ruling as an or
der to bring in a verdict agreeable to the
majority; taking that aa such we agreed
on a verdict that our conscience said was
wrong; I did not know my rights in the
case and if Bram is hung I shaii ever con
sider myself responsible in part lor his
murder, for murder it will be."
This statement possibly insures Bram •
new trial. His counsel is jubilant. At
the jail to-night Bram said: "I am inno
cent and shall be free; when I die it will
be as God intends."
NASHVILLE'S DESTRUCTIVE FIRE.
It Was Far More Disastrous Than the
First Dispatches to the Press
Indicated.
NASHVILLE, Tj-.wv., Jan. 3.— The de
structive fire w: ich visited this city iast
night at 11:15 was not well under control
before 3\. M. The fire was by Tar more
disastrous in its results than indicated in
last night's dispatches. A series of unfor
tunate conditions handicapped the de
partment in its work, and a very strong
wind playing from the south made mat
ters much worse.
The falling of a rear wall of the Burns
building caused damage to tbe extent of
$50,000 by crushing through adjacent
buildings. A feature of the fire was the
fighting from roofs, as few alleys traversed
the district. When sufficient pressure of
water was finally secured the department
rendered very effective service, though at
first they seemed almost helpless.
Total estimate of damages is $600,000, of
which slightly more than 50 per cent is
covered by insurance.
Several accidents of trifling consequence
were reported. The origin of the fire is
still a mystery. The principal losses are
now estimated as follows: L« Beck Bros.,
stock, $150,000, insurance $60,000; Aber
nathy, Laimham & Shook, loss $23,000, ln»
snrance $15,000; Burns & Co., loss $50,000,
insurance $30,000; Lickhardt & Co., loss
$25,000, fully covered by insurance; Tracey
& Co. , $15,000, insurance $8000; Brandon
Shoe Company $8000, insurance $5500.
JFIRST BOXXJ.FICAL 31 ASS.
Archbighop JUnrtinelli Officiate* at
Jjnwrene-f' Jfa.t.t.
LAWRENCE, Mass., Jan. 3.— The first
pontifical mass given in New England by
Archb shop Mariinelli was celebrated to
day in St. Mary's Church, which was iiiled
with peopl- . The Archbishop was attired
in his royal purple robes of office and his
train was borne by four altar-boys. He
was assisted by leather C. M. Driscoll,
provincial of the Augustinian Order, of
Philadelphia. A choir of 200 voices was
assisted by an orchestra.
In the afternoon solemn vespers were
sang by the Archbishop before a congrega
tion composed exclusively of women. In
the evening the Archbishop celebrated
solemn pontifical vespers at St. Augustine's
Church, Andover. The Archbishop will
leave Monday tor Boston, where he will be
the guest of Archbishop Williams.
Warm
Rich, nourishing blood in winter keeps the sys-
tem healthy and stronsr and wards off colds,
fevers, pneumonia and bronchitis. It is given by
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The best-in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's Pills'-*'™ the best after-dinner
* lIIS pills, aids digestion. :>sc
DR.M9NOLTY.
T SDerU T .Ut rjLKN N AND RKMABLE OT,b
20 TZ Mp ." onl ■"• Manly Power restore.l. Over
nirTd£ H^fi 6 "^ 5 - s^d for Book, free. I'atient.,
' flallv-«w , 01 ?^ Terms reasonable. Hours. 9to 3
Uou free and sacredly confidential. Call oVadS
ssn v' »f - KOSCOE M'XU LTT. M. ».,
*» -2 Keainr San fraii>l . Cal.
EajEOTIFLIO BELTS
-. ' i":A#«»'il»l»> ' re -Rood things if prop
■•4*Jft^S£S&L<S crlv made; butitereTC I
Y>- - ~'_s3i became some ad-
J^t^yi^^rMi^'. maudi It. Buy no Belt tin
* r *®^>sK^lW' JOU slfe Dr - tree's.
1 -^" SjKlr^^rr ■■,*3r EojlcPrep. Call or
•w^ & SON, 7(H Sacrame.no
Branch office 840 Market «., Tt\ rUy ' a *TRAITORS ASOARD
THE COMMODORE
Every Indication That the
Vessel Was Scuttled
and Sunk.
It Is N w Known That Ten
Americans and Six
Cubans Perished.
Peri's of the Survivors, Who Fought
lor M^ny Hours Against
a Terrible Sea.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. S.— All of
the crew of the Commodore were not
saved, as reported last night. Twelve are
in Jacksonville, three alive and one dead
at Daytona Four are reported to have
arrived near Armond, but the reDort is
not confirmed, and eight are at sea on a
life-raft.
Captain Murphy ; Stephen Crane, the
novelist; C. B. Montgomery, the cook,
and William Higgins, a stoker, landed at
Daytona this morning. Tiieir boat was
turned over in the surf, and Higgins re
reived a wound which caused his death
soon after getting sshore.
The party on the raft are all Cubans.
They left the boat before Captain Murphy's
party and nothing more lias been heard
of them. J. H. Barrs requested the Col
lector of Customs to secure permission for
tue Three Friends to go to the rescue of
the Commodore immediately upon the
receipt of the news of the wreck Saturday
afternoon. The Collector telegraphed to
Secretary Carlisle at once, but no reply
was received until this afternoon, when
Permission was granted, and the Three
Friends left to-night. The beaca is being
patrolled from St. Augustine to New
Smyrna.
It is reported there was treachery abcard
the Commodore, but no details can be
learned.
The party landed at Daytona cannot get
to this city to-morrow, as there are no
Sunday trains on the East Coast Railroad.
The party that landed last night and
reached here are : Major Ricardo A. Del
gado, Paquite Rencamo. Franco Blanco,
Mißuel Coldisburry, Ramon Hernandez.
Gabriel Martinez, Santiago Diaz, Emilio
Maiqaez, Jose Hernandez and Buene
ventuo Tivovus.
The following was received fram Day
tona at 11 o'clock to-night:
About 10 o'clock Friday night a suspicious
leak ufis discovered in the rireroom ana Cap
tain Murphy immediately started the pumps,
\\ huh undoubtedly had been tampered with,
as they were in working order when Captain
Murphy and Chief Engineer ReJigan left
watch at 8 o'clock. The tirea were extin
guished and the boat came to a standstill
about thirteen miles from Mosquito light.
Captain Murphy took full charge of the hand
ling of the ship, while the first mate superin
tended tne launching of tlie boats. Trie Cu
bans took possession of the big boat and loaded
it with baggage, so that only twelve men leit
the tug in it. Tney reached the shore at i
o'clock Saturday and left for Jacksonville.
The second boat was occupied by six Cu
bans, and the empty boat washed ashore at
Port Orange last night. The third boat to
leave the craft's side was rilled with Ameri
cans, leaving a ten-foot dingey lor the^use ot
Captain Murphy, who refused to quit the ship
until al! were saved. C. B. Montgomery, the
steward, Stephen Crane and William Higgins
remained witn the captain, and with him
launched the dingey and stood by the tug until
7 o'clock, when she sanK. Trie mate's boat,
containing nine Americans, was smashed, und
the mate, two engineers, six firemen and sail
ors were lashed to a raft, which Captaiu Mur
phy aUempted to tow ashore two miles away,
but the terrible sea and the northeast eale
swept them away.
The dingey occupied by the captain and com
panions was twenty-Beven hours at sea, Mont
gomery and Crane holding Captain Murphy'i
overcoat as a sail until the beach was sighted.
High seas were breaking a Half miie from
shore. Montgomery, Crane and Murphy were
washed to the beach, where citizens provided
them with medical attendance. Higgius was
killed at the overturning of the boat, which
made ten Americans and six Cubans lost.
There is no doubt that a traitor did the work
of scuttling and then tampered with the
pumps, as they were working perfectly at 8
o'clock. The suspected man was saved and
a thorough investigation will be made to
morrow.
Tbf Inuradn Stilt for Botne.
GIBRALTAR. Jan. 3. -The American
steamer Laurada, the report of the inten
tion of which to call at Vaiencia, Spain,
caused such a commotion in that city—
the Laurada havinp, it is said, been en
gaged m filibustering in Cuba— sailed to
day for the United States without having
touched at a Spanish port.
fTet/ler K'lurn* tn Jlarana.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 3 —General Wey
ler reached Havuna to-night on board the
warship Leeazepi. He came from Mariel
and was cordially greeted and was at once
driven to the palace. General Wevler
would not give his reason for leavingthe
field in Pinardel Rio.
•
TUplnmatic Conference at Madrid.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 3.— Hon. Hannis
Taylor, the American Minister, had a long
conference to-day with the Duke of
Teiuan, Minister of Foreign Affairs. The
subject of the conference has not baen di
vulged.
A.\ OPHlt<.TiO.\ IMJrHJiATim.
The TTife of Ontario' m Lieutenant-Gov
ernor Summoned to J^nndon..
LONDON. Esq.; Jan. 3.— A cable dis
patch has been sent to Mrs. Kirkpatrick,
wife of tne Hon. George A. : Kirkpatrick,
Lieutcnam-Governor of Ontario, sum
moning her to London, where her hus
band is lying seriously in the South-street
hospital. Professor Jonathan Hutchins,
formerly pre ident of Hie Royal College
of SurKeons. an-i Dr. Allingharu, a special
ist in ihe disease from wfctch Mr. Kirk
j>atrick is sufferinp, have held a consulta
tion in the case and decided that in order
to save the patient's life an operation is
in-.perctive. Dr. Allinguam will perform
the operation as soon as Mrs. Kirkpatrick
arrives.
__4 — ;
The Qu-en Ota a' a Leafcy Condition.
LONDON, Ewe., Jan. 2.— The Brhisb.
steamer Olga, Captain Harris, ,rom fc'an
Francisco November 20 via Yokohama
for Bombay, has arrived at Nagasaki In a
leaky condition. An examination of the
iteainer shows that she has reeeivtd ex
tensive damage. It has been recom
mended that her cargo be discharged and
the vessel placed In tne drydock for fur
ther examination.
Had to Sacr</tcr Her Cnryo
LONDON, Eno., Jan. 3.— The Ailan line
steamer Carthagenian, Captain French,
from Philadelphia, which ran aground in
the Clyde, was compelled to discharge her
cargo in order to get afloat S;,e sustained
considerable damage. She will discharge
tlie car^o on bonrd of her and will then go
in dock to repair.
REBELS FOUGHT WITH FIRE.
Sanguinary Conflct in the Philippines in
Which Thirteen Hundred Insur-
gents Are Killed.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 3.— Queen Regent
Christina ami the Government have sent
messages to General Poiievieja, Captain-
General of the Philippine Islands, con
gratulating him upon his great victory
over the insurgents on the heights of
Cacarron, province of Bulacan.
In the first engagement the loss of the
rebels was 6CO killed. The troops cap
tured a large quantity of munitions of
war and a factory in which the rebels had
been making cartridges.
While the Spaniards were pursuing the
fleeing rebels it was suspected that the
latter, pursuing the method of warfare
followed by the Cuban insurgents, would
attempt to lead the troops into an am
buscade in the dense thickets through
which the pursuit led. The troops were,
therefore, ordered to set lire to the bushes
in many places in order to drive out any
rebels who mieht be lurking in them.
The flames spread with great rapidity and
it was soon learned that the suspicion of
an ambuscade was well founded. A large
number of the insurgents were in hiding
in the bushes, evidently waiting for tne
troops to pass, when they would have at
tacked them at the rear. Many of the
rebels succeeded in making their escape
for the time being, but 200 of them per
ished in the tire.
In the meantime other Spanish columns
had been hurriedly dispatched to out
flank the fleeing insurgents, anU in this
they were successful. The rebels were
utterly routed, losing 500 killed. The
total insurgent loss was 130), 200 in ex
cess of the number giver, in yesterday's
dispatches. These 200 were without
doubt those who were burned to death.
The Spanish loss was one officer and
twenty-three privates killed.
The victory, which it is believed will be
proved a crushing blow to the insurgents,
is hailed everywhere with delight, and
General I'olieviejo's promptness in bring
ing about results favorable to the Spanish
arms is compared with ex-Captain-Gen
eral Blanco'a dilatory tactics, much to the
disparagement of the latter.
General Polieviejo has confirmed the
sentence of dtath imposed by a court
martial on eleven rebel chiefs, including
three priets. They will be shot to-morrow
at Manila.
A court-martial sittine at Manila has
commenced the trial of eighteen alleeed
rebels. The evidence thus far adduced
shows tu at the accused were in corre
spondence with patrons in Japan who
were interested in fomenting and aiding
the insurrection. The prosecutor asks
that sentenc ■ of death be passed on all
the eighteen prisoner?.
The trial of eighty other men accused of
complicity in the revolt is impending and
sentence of death will be asked in tbe case
of each of them.
The dispatches from Manila state that a
great sensation has been caused thera by
the revelations that have been made by
conspirators now under arrest. One of
the prisoners has stated that he knew that
Japan intended to send a squadron of
warships 'to the Philippine Inlands and
that she would recognize the belligerency
of the rebels in all the provinces revolted.
This confirms the belief that has been en
tertained ever since the outbreak of the
insurrection that Japan is vcrv anxious' to
secure possession of the islands and is re
spousible for much, if not all of the
trouble.
Death of a Cardinal. ■
ROME, Italy, Jan. 3.— Cardinal Gug
lielmo San. Felice di Acquavella, . Arch
bishop of Naples, died to-day. He was
liberal and conciliatory and was very pop
ular. He was. born at Aversa, April 18,
1834, and was created a cardinal March 24,
1834.
A flnle Delay the I.iicitzia.
QUEENSTOWN, Ireland, Jan. 3.— The
Cunard steamer Lucania, Captain Mac
kay, from Liverpool, was delayed off this
port to-day by a gale and, instead of sail
ing at about 8 o'clock for New York, as it
usually does, did not take its departure
un'il 12:30 p. m.
Lord r*r** ford's Condition Improving.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 3.— There has
been a decided improvement in the con
dition of Lord William Beresford, who
.was badly injured Wednesday while fol
lowing the bounds at Dorking, Surrey.
MONEY ON A SPECIAL TRAIN.
Novel Measures Taken to Prepare for a
Run oh the first National Bank
of Cripple Creek.
COLORADO SPRINGS, C0i.0.. Jan 3.—
The attempt to make a run on the Fir3t
National Bank of Cripple Creek yesterday
was checked by quick action nnd in a
novel way. A rumor had been started De
cember 3. or perhaps some days previous,
that the bank could not stand the with
drawal of a pood deal of money, and in
consequence the bank would not open the
day after the new year.
This report came to President Parker of
the bank and on New Year's day he came
to this cily and arranged to get money to
take to Cripple Creek. He made these ar
rangements with the Frst National Bank
of this cily and they had their time locks
bo arranged that they could be opened at
7 o'clock in the morning. Cashier Sutton
was on hand at that hour and got the
money out for them, but how much money
was taken he refused to stale. In half an
hour a special train consisting of an engine
and one coach was waiting in the Tejuan
station of the Colorado Central Railroad
and President Parker and Vice-President
Devercaux were taken on board.
Tbty left here a; 7:30 o'clock promptly
and rnaae the fastest run ever made by
getting into Cripple Cieek in two hours
and three minutes. The run from D.vide
to Cripple Creek over the Terminal, thirty
miles of 3 per cent grade, was made in 54
minutes, and the delivery of the currency
occurred in the mid*t of "the run.
The First National| BanK of Cripple
Creek in its last sta'ement showed over 54
per cent of it* deposits on hand, and there
was no occasion whatever for any attempt
to make a run on the bank.
SIiITOK SIeC'UL.hAOWS FVAERAL.
S.mple Seme**, i v ceordnn.ee With the
lifceated'a. flistte*.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 3.-Tue funeral of
♦he iate Joseph B. McCullagh, editor of
the Globe- Democrat, took place this after
noon at his late residence in West Pine
boulevard. The services were conducted
by Ri-v. John Snyder of tne Unitarian
church and Rev. Dr. W. W. Boyd of the
Second Baptist Church. The services were
exceedingly simple in character, in ac
cordance with the weil-k'iown wishes of
the deceased. Among the visitors in at
tendance at the funeral was Hon. Henry
Watterson of the Louisville Courier-Jour
nal. Tne active pa 11- bearers were co
workers of Mr. McCullagh on the GloDe-
Democrat, and the honorary pall-bearers
were selected from men prominent in
nearly every wait of life. The remains
were interred in Bellefon'aine Cemetery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1897.
WILD WEATHER IN
WESTERN STATES
Nebraska, Minnesota, Kan-
sas and Missouri Buried
in Snow.
Railroads Blcckaded and Wires
Prostrated in Every
Direction.
B inding Blizzards end the Mercury
Out of Sight— Great Loss of
Cattle Is Feared.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 3.— Nebraska is
just now enjoying an old-fashioned bliz
zard, the most serious one of the winter.
New Year's day was springlike and mild,
but Friday night the temperature began
to fall and the mercury has (ontinued its
descent since. Last evening a snowstorm
set in, which is general throughout the
State, and which is still falling to-night.
High winds are drifting the snow, and if
they continue through the night may
mate the situation on the plains alarm-
In'r.
Omaha seems, so far, to have escaped
the worst of the storm, but the trains
entering the city during the day were all
somewhat late. The streetcar lines are
badly crippled and it is necessitating the
use of extra forces of employes with snow-*
plows and sweepers to keep the lines open
so that occasional cars may be run.
At 10 o'clock to-night the thermometer
at tie local weather bureau registered
three degrees above zero, and the chances
are that the temperature will fail several
points below the zero mark before day
light. On the level tracts in the western
and central portions of the State, where
the wind has full sweep, it is much colder
and serious suffering is sure to result.
While the farmers have everything in
fair shape for severe weather, the storm
will beyond doubt find much of the stock
on the ranges and losses will be heavy.
From every section of the State come
reports of heavy winds driving the snow
in blinding clouds before it, so that it is
dangerous for any one to venture out.
At Meadow Grove the storm began about
midnight Saturdny night and a blizzard
has been raging ever since, with no siens
of abatemen'. Drifts are over ten feet
high and traffic i* becoming b'ocked.
LINCOLN, Nf.br., Jan. 3. — Lincoln is
almost snowbound to-night, a light fall
which began early this morning increas
ing during tbe day and developiug into a
regular northwester by night, with the
wind blowing a gale. Streetcar traffic on
suburban lines was abandoned during the
day and at 9 o'clock nearly every line was
blocked. Trains on nearly every road en
terir.e the city are delayed. Specials from
over the State indicate that the storm is
general and that cattle on the range may
suffer.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 3.— Tbe heaviest
rainstorm of recent years has prevailed
throughout Missouri, Northern Arkansas
and Indian Territory during the past
thirty-six hours. In many places in Mis
souri the streams are overflowed and in
some places railroads have suffered from
washouts. Last night the rain turned to
sleet and to-day a furious snowstorm is
raging. The temperature has fallen 40
degrees in Missouri and Eastern Kansas
in the last twenty-four nours and in the
latter section a genuine blizzard is sweep
ing over the country.
At Bagnell, Mo., the Osage River has
risen tifteen leet and Warsaw reports a
rise of twenty-two feet and a repetition of
last winter's flood is feared. At Osceola
the river is out of its banks and the bot
tom lands are submerged.
At Fayette the electric light power
house is flooded and the city is in dark
ness to-night. A number of washouts
have occurred on the railroads and traffic
is badly delayed.
In the vicinity of Sedalia every stream
is reported out of its banks and the rain
fall continued until this morning, when
it turned to sleet and later in the day a
heavy snowstorm set in.
At Lamonie and Knob a small cyclone
prevailed last night, many trees being
uprooted, but no large damage to prop
erty has been reported so far.
Webb Cty reports heavy damage to
property by rain and wind. Clinton,
Warrensburg and Shelbina suffered seri
ous damage from the downpour, the rain
fall being the greatest since the floods of
1895.
In many places in Western Missouri tl;e
mercury has fallen almost to zero, and
thi< drop in the temperature will probably
result in checking the flood.
In St. Louis a heavy rain has fallen
during the past twenty-fou-- hours, but at
7 o'clock 10-meht it was checked by a de
cided fall in the temperature, and at 9
o'clock the mercury had fallen 35 degrees,
and was accompanied by a nigh north
westerly wind.
The indications are that the first snow
fall or the neason will begin before
morning.
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 3.— ln Kansas the
rain whicli began Thursday lasted until
last evening, when a heavy snowstorn sec
in, which is still in progress. Traffic on
the Larnet-Jetmore extension of the Santa
Fe road is completely blocked. Travel
overland in any direction is almost impos
sible.
Abilene reports heavy snow, accompa
nied Dy wind reaching the proportions of
a blizzard. It is feared that loss of cattle
will result from the storm, particularly in
the western and northern sections of the
State.
In Northern Arkansas and as far west as
Fort Smith rain' fell during the twenty-
Jour hours up to noon to-day, when it
turned to snow, accompanied by a drop of
3G degrees in temperature.
Guthrie, Okla., reports a drop of 60 de
grees since last evening, and a severe snow
storm prevails in the western portion of
Indian Territory.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Jan. 3.— A blizzard is
blowing to-night in this section over an
area of 400 miles north and south and 600
miles east and west. Over most of Minne
sota it has been snowing from fourteen to
twenty hours, and there is from seven to
sixteen inches of snow on the ground.
The wind is blowing a gale from the north.
The &now is damp and packs go solidly
on the railway tracks that it is difficult for
the snowplows to work through it. The
snow has also made a wreck of the tele
graph wires to the north and west of St.
Paul. All trains are moving, though
some of them are late.
South Dakota dispatches say the storm
extends as far west as the Black Bills. Id
the region along the Missouri River, from
Chamberlain to the North Dakota line,
railroad trains are having great difficulty
in moving, some of them having been
abandoned for :he night. The tempera
ture is from 15 to 18 degrees above zero,
though at 9 o'clock it was rapidly growing
colder. There will be suffering among
«tock if the mercury drops to zero.
CHICAGO FLOODED.
Sewera Choked and Much Damage Re-
Kultt in the Suburbs.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 3.— The rain
storm which has prevailed over Chicago
and Northern Illinois uninterruptedly for
three days has been the severest expe
rienced in this locality for two years. The
observations taken at the Weather Bureau
in this city to-night showed that the rain
fall was two and one-half inches since the
beginning of the storm early New Year's
morning. The temperature fell 20 de
grees in this city during the last eight
hours and at 11 o'clock to-night the rain
turned to snow. It is not expected by the
Weather Bureau that the thermometer
will reach the zero mark, although they
predict a temperature considerably below
freezing before to-morrow evening.
In Chicago great damage was done by
the downpour of rain, especially in the
suburbs, where the sewers were insuffi
cient to carry awny the volume of water.
Reports of flooded basements from the
southern and western portions of the city
were numerous, while at Grand Crossing
and near-by suburbs the streets were in
undated and the damage heavy. In low
places it is impossible for pedestrians to
move without wading in deep water and
boats were brought Into use.
At Austin and Oak Part, on the west
side, t lie conditions are annoying. Base
ments are flooded with several feet of
water and furnace fires in many localities
are extinguished. The pumping works
at Bridgeport are being operated with
great difficulty. It was thought at one
time this evening that the pumps would
have to be shut down on account of the
rapidly accumulating water, but the flood
gates were resorted to and the water shot
on its journey down the canal. The rain
continued steadily all day and at times
the precipitation was in the nature of a
cloudburst. The downtown streets were
deserted and the continuous shows and
other resorts lacked many patrons.
The concrete sidewalk surrounding the
Lincoln Bank at Michigan and Clark
streets collapsed during the afternoon as
the result of the rain. C B. Roser, a bar
ber of Ravenswood, was the only person
inirontof the building at the time. He
was precipitated to the basement, a dis
tance of several feet, but rescued from his
impromptu bath uninjured. A fence was
hastily erected about the opening. A
number of cedar block pavements in va
rious parts of the city were also more or
less damaged by the water. In many in
stances the blocks have been floated out
of position by tue water and the street
left in an impassable condition. Nearly
all the large caicii basins along West
Madison street, Michigan avenue, Wells
street and North avenue were stopped up
and as a result large ponds of water filled
the sides of the streets. Many basements
were flooded along West Madison street
and much damage was done to the occu
pants.
Cyclone Suw'pi <i» Arltantna TotPn.
BENTOX, Ark., Jan. 3.— At 6:40 o'clock
last night a cyclone struck this town,
wrecking nearly every building in South
Benton, and passed on in a northeasterly
direction, damaging every building in its
p:>th. In an outhou-e near the depot a
tramp was killed. Many families are
homeless. The property loss will reach
into the thousands. Freiehtcars on the
siding at tne depot were overturned and a
wrecking crew has been at work all day.
BLACK HILLS MINING DEAL
Eastern Capitalists Buy Many Rich Claims
and Will Operate Them on an
Extensive Scale.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 3.— Sixteen
hundred acres of gold mines, embracing
159 claims in the richest part of the Black
Hills have been transferred to a new
mining and smelting company in whicii
prominent New Yorkers and Philadel
phians are interested.
The corporation, under the title of the
Edgemont and Union Hill Smelting Com
pany, came into legal existence early last
nijrht at its general office in the Corpora
t.on Trust Company building, in Jersey
City, by executing its articles of incor
poration and electing a board of directors,
whch immediately selected the officers of
the corporation. When this had been
done the deeds to the property, which
were previously executed, were formally
delivered and conveyed the mining claims
to the corporation.
R. E. Pattison, former Governor ol
Pennsylvania, was elected president ol
the company; J. T. Searles of New York,
vice-president; J. Wesley Suppler, presi
dent of the Corn Exchange Nntional Bank
of Philadelphia, treasurer; Thomas Brad
ley of Philadelphia, secretary. These
men are in the directory, together with
J. T. Andrus, John Dawson, J. Edward
Masten, William K. Knr'z of New York
and G. A. Fletcher, Joseph P. Crater, W.
W. Frnzier, Philip S. Horty, David Jonas,
C. S. Middleton and Francis C. Grable of
Philadelphia. Tne capital stock of the
corporation is $3,500,000, and is owned en
tirely by the men named.
The cluinis now owned by the company
are in the Bear Buttes mining district,
near the new town of Union Hill, about
six miles from Deadwood and eight miles
from the famous Hornestaxe mine.
Arrangements have been made for the
beginning of mining operations on a large
scale at once. Three hundred miners are
already on the ground, a smelter to cost
$300,000 has been ordered at Edcemout and
the large nmelter now at Galena — a few
miles distant — has been contracted for.
Besides this, a contract has been made for
the construction of a 400-ton stamp mill at
Union Hill, on the grounds of the com
pany.
For the lighting of the company's town
of Union Hill, an electric plant is now
being put in which will also furnish power
for running the drills in the mines and lor
operating a railway for the transportation
Of ore. This road is now located and will
be completed before spring and form a
connection with the Burlington system.
All that was waited for before puttine the
arrangements into active operation was
telegraphic notification ol the actual cor
poration.
steel nvnua mes ujue.
JPenntylrania , Concern! Will Start .Up
Alter -hong Lying Idle.
■ JOHNSTOWN, Pa., Jan. 3.— The John
«on- Company Steel Motor Works, which
have been |, idle ;' for several weeks, will tj
sume in fall next week. This means that
several hundred idle men will be put to
wor k.vr H t, y^^^^^^3^sl^i^%mßßßt
Tjhe Cambria Iron Company's open
hearthrmll will resume operations to
morrow morning and the steel works,
blooming-mill and billet-oiill will startup
Tuesday. Besides other work the com
pany has received orders for making 10,
--000 tons of finished rails for the Pennsyl
vania Railroad.
CONGRESS` WORK
FOR THE WEEK
In the House the Loud
Postal Bill Comes Up
First.
Three Days to Be Devoted to a
Discussion of the Refunding
Scheme.
But There Is a Premise of Stubborn
Opposition to the Report of
the Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 3.— Just be
fore the hcliday recess the Hou.^e of Rep
resentatives, upon the recommendation of
the Committee on Rules, arranged the
business of the House for the first week
of the new year. On Tuesday and
Wednesday the Loud bill to amend the
postal laws so as to prohibit the transmis
sion in the mail of ferial-novel publica
tions and "sample" copies of newspapers
at the second-class rate will be the special
order. Discussion under the general rule
will continue from immediately after the
reading of the journal of Tuesday, the sth
inst., until 2 p. M. on Wednesday, and un
der the five-minute rule upon proposed
amendments until 4 o'clock, when voting
will bec;in upon pendinp amendments and
the final passage of the bill.
When the bill was called up, rather un
expectedly, several weeks ago, it devel
oped surprising strength, but since then
opposition has been active and the chances
of its passage are now considered rather
doubttul.
After this bill has been disposed of the
rest of tne week — Thursday, Friday and
Saturday — will be devoted to the consid
eration of the Pacific railroad funding bill,
reported by Judge Powers, chairman of
the Committee on Pacific Railroads. Two
days will be given to general discussion
nnd one day to debate and action in com
mittee of the whole upon proposed amend
ments. The bill will be reported to the
House at 5 o'clock Saturday and the vote
on its passage taken on Monday, the 11th
inst, immediately after the reading of
the journal.
The debate on this measure will doubt
less be interesting, owing to the opposi
tion which exists among members of the
House to the action of the majority of the
committee. The bill proposes to extend
the Government lien over all the physical
properties of tlie companies, which it is
claimed the present lien does not cover,
and substituting for all of the standing
obligations the new 4 per cent mortgage,
the Government debts to be carried at 2
per cent per annum. In addition to this
the Southern Pacific Company is required
to pay the amount charged against the
Central Pacific Company so long as it re
mains lessee thereof. The amount of the
Union Pacific mortgage will be $54,731,000,
and of the Central Pacific (net) $52,801,000.
Hubtian] of Missouri and bell of Texas
have made minority reports opposing the
report of the committee, the former rec
ommending the bill drawn by Attor
ney-General Harmon and introduced by
Senators Brice and Morgan to enforce the
Government liens upon the property by
proceedings in the Court of Appeals of the
District of Columbia, and the latter that
the debts of the companies be extended at
3 per cent instead of 2, secuied by a first
mortgage upon all their properties. They
will probaoiy lead the debate against the
committee's bill.
By the terms of the orders making these
measures the special business, considera
tion of any other matters is shut out, and
it will take unanimous consent to act on
anything else until the orders have been
exhausted. The only exception is that on
Friday night private pensions will be dis
cussed for two hours and a half, as usual
without a quorum.
BUS IS ESS OF IHE sky ATE.
Ihere J» Said to He Opposition to the
Camrron Jtoiolutlon.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 3.— When
the Senate meets Tuesday morning it is
quite likely that the debate on matters per
taining to our foreign relations, and tne
position assumed by Secretary Olney for
the Executive, will at once beein to take
shape. Whether Cameron will call up toe
Cuban resolution on the opening day of
the session is not yet known, for that Sen
ator has not yet returned to the city and
the subject is entirely in his hands. It is
hardly thought that he will seek to force
the issue on the opening day, owing to the
fact that there is not likely to be a quorum
of the Senate present.
During the morning hour, however,
under any guise that may be put forward,
the debate on the subject can be com
menced, but it must give way to the un
finished business at 2 o'clocK, unless there
are sufficient votes to displace the Okla
homa free homestead bill with the more
pressing question of Cuba. The home
stead hill, which is championed by Petti
grew, is not to have smooth sailing. A
strong minority report by Platt is to be
presented, and that Senator will lead the
opposition to the measure on the floor of
the Senate.
Hale, who Is looked upon as the leader
of the anti-Cuban recognition in the Sen
ate, said yesterday that several Senators
who had been heretofore silent on the sub
ject had come out against the Cameron
resolution, and there was not a possible
chance for its passage.
On the ot: er hand Cameron, LoJge,
Chandler, Morgan and Mills assert that
the sentiment favoring action by Congress
is becoming more vigorous and that the
fighting will be forced from the Ptart.
tiaie, who in the absence of Allison is act
iim as chairman of the Committee on Ap
propriation?, expects to have the army
bill reported to the Senate Wednesday,
and this will be put forward to antagonize
the Cuban proposition.
Two speeches are booked for the coming
week — one by Peffer, probably Wednes
day, on bis resolution for the appoint
ment of delegates to a National mone
tary conference and another by Proctor on
the joint resolutions providing for the
election of the President and Vice-Presi
dent and Senators by popular vote.
A RESV LI OF HULL TIMES.
H u/jes of Chicago Steal Jinil Worker* to
lie Jirducd.
CHICAGO, lll., 'Jan. 3.— The employes
of the Illinois Steel Company were noti
fied yesterday that their wages would be
cut February 1. The notice was brought
to the 3,500 men at the South Chicago
mills early in the day. They were told
that the amount of reduction had not yet
been decided, but it is generally believed
that it will be about i'O per cent."
President Gates said last nicht that
every official and employe would be cut.
The salary of every head of department
which is now more than $100 per month
will be reduced from 15 to 50 per cent.
"This is simply the result of a poor busi
ness, " said President Gates. "During the
past year the price of steel rails has been
reduced $3 per ton. and this of itself
means a loss ol over $1,000,000 to the Illi
nois Steel Company."
STRANGE CELESTIAL PHENOMENON.
Peculiar P.nkness in the Sky Gives the
Earth the Appearance of Being
on Fire.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan. 3. -An ex
traordinary celestial phenomenon was
visible here about 7 o'clock this mornine.
Thiok, heavy clouds were rolling and sud
denly the sky was overcast with a peculiar
pinkness and the ray 3 rt-flecied gave the
earth the appearance of being on fire. The
remarkable display lasted perhaps ten
minutes, but it was startling during its
brief existence.
The Weatner Bureau explains that it
was tbe sun's rays reflected through a
certain cioud. It was followed by a heavy
gale along the la&e front. Persons resid
ing at West E::d declare that in eleven
years they have not witnessed such a
storm. The people there wer« much
frightened. The waters of Lake Ponchar
train were driven and overflowed Spanish
Fort, and all the roads leading from the
city to the lake, in some places reaching a
depth of three feet. Nothing has been
heard from Mandeville ana places on tbe
other side of the lake.
PUOLIXQ THEIR ISSUES.
Effort* of the I'.ia : Steel . Manufacturer*
hUJjUJ^; to Continue the Combine.
■ NEW YORK. ,N. V., Jan. 3.-There is
reason to believe . that a report will be
submitted early next week by the special
committee appointed at the recent meet
ing of the American Bessemer Steel Asso
ciation, held in this city, to see what could
be done toward smoothing over the seri
ous differences of opinion amonsr some of
the big steel manufacturers. Dispatches
from the West intimate that arrangements
h»ve practically been made for a continu
ation of the combination, the dissolution
of which was threatened by the with
drawal of the Bellaire Steel Company of
Ohio.
The Carnegie, Pennsylvania, Maryland
and Illinois Steel Companies were con
spicuously interested in the recent meet
ing, and it is believed that through their
efforts a harmonious arrangement has
been made with tbe Bellaire Steel Com
pany. Some important developments are
expected at the meeting which has been
called for next week by Secretary Griscom.
Whether tbe meeting will be held in this
city or in Pittsburg, has not been made
public.
Even though the breach in the ranks of
the American Bessemer Steel Association
be closed up, it is not considered likely
that any attempt to advance the price of
steel billets will be made. The present
condition of the steel market is not favor
able to high prices, and the existing price
of $17 per ton for steel billets is about all
that the market will statid. The makers
of steel rails are putting down their prices
in order to get orders.
GEHEItAL SWAIb'S APPEAL..
Setks to Itrccirer Pity Withh-'ld as a lCe-
milt of =t Court- Martial.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 3.— The
claim of Brigadier-General D. G. Swain,
retired, formerly Judge- Advocate General
of the Army, for the amount of his pay
withheld under the execution of the find
ing of a court-martial will come before
the Supreme Court of the United States
this week for argument, he having ai«
pealed from the decree of the court of
claims, which rejected his suit. General
Swain was tried by a court-martial on
charges preferred by Major R. N. Scott,
acting under orders from the Secretary of
War, and found guilty of conduct unbe
coming a gentleman and an officer, and
sentenced to be suspended from rank and
duty for twelve years, and to forfeit half
bis "pay for eac:i month of that period.
He sued to iecover the suma so withheld
on the ground that t c court-martial
which tried him was illegally constituted;
that the charges against him were not
properly preferred, and that the facts
proved constituted no offense.
General Swain has filed a lengthy brief
in support of his appeal, but the Govern
ment law officers have not yet advised the
court of their intentions in the matter.
WUECK OF A FREIGHT TllAiy.
The Locomotive Goes Ortr an Etnbank-
tnent, Killinij Ihree Men.
HOLDEN, MO., Jan. 3.— To-day a freight
train on the Missouri Pacific Railway ran
into a landslide near this place. The lo
comotive toppled over an embankment
and three of the crew were almost in
stantly killed.
The dead are: Gomer Evans, engineer,
married; Harry Hukop, fireman, married;
J. E. McQueen, brakeman, unmarried.
The men lived in St. Louis. Two other
members of the crew were sliehtlv injured.
The recent heavy rains caused a large
mass of earth to slide down upon the
track, and the train crashed into the ob
struction while running at a hish rate of
speed, derailing the engine and a dozen
cars. Wreckine trains were sent from
Sedalia and Jefferson City, and the tracks
were cleared.
Suicirfp of a Theatrical Agent.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 3.— John
Wendall Smith, whose correct name is
said to be Delrnar Stockton and to have
come from Kentucky, committed suicide
in the Amnesty Hotel, 257 West Thirtv
lirst street, last night by turning on the
gas in his room. He was at one time a
theatrical agent, and worked for Edward
E. Rice's burlesque company and J. K.
Emmett'» company.
NEW TO-DAY-
PRICES-With cork Soles.
Men's $503
Ladies' $±JJ
Without Cork Soles.
Ladies' $3 .50
13oys' 11 to 2. $2 50; 2]4 to 6, $3 00
Misses' 11 to 2, $1 75 and $2 50
Children's 6 to 7#. $l2i
. ...8 to 10^, $1 50 aud $2 00
Kast's
738-740 Market St.
Carry n Full I me of Buckingham
Si Hecht'a Fine Shoes.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
NEW COMBINATIONS
AS TO THE CABINE
All Selections Not to Be
Mads Until the First
Week in March.
If Sherman Accepts the Sta'e
Portfolio Hanna Wants to
Be a Senator.
Major McKinl.-y Will Treat the Coun
try to a Surprise if Allison
and Dingley Decline.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 3.— Major
McKinley expects to set to work on his
inaugural address to-morrow mornine
and to finish it by the end of ihe week, if
tbe office-seekers give him an opportunity.
He fee.s that the time between the present
and inauguration is very short and said
this evening there would be so much to do
that the few weeks remaining to him
would slip by very swiftly. Major Mc-
Kinley v.ants to get the principal poVt
fol'Od in his Cabinet assigned within a
fortnight or three weeks, but the Cabinet
as a whole will not be c unpleted till the
first of March. During Major McKinley's
present visit to Cleveland it is probable
that Mr. Hanna will come to some de
cision about his relation to the next ad
ministration, though his movements will
to a considerable degree be regulated by
Senator Sherman's final determination in
respect to the Cabinet. The impression
prows that Senator Sherman's friends in
many parts of the country are urging him
to accept the portfolio of State if it is
offered him.
Mr. Hanna apparently wants to go to
the Senate, but if Senator Sherman does
not go into the Cabinet the way is firmly
closed against him.
Senator S. M. Cullom of Illinois was
here .to-day and spent two hours with
Major McKinley this morning. He said
the opinion prevailed among Senators
that Mr. Sherman, while perhaps notquite
willing to go into the Cabinet, seemed to
regard the proposition with less disfavor
than formerly. Senator Cnllom said he
had no desire at this lime to leave the
Senate and that he was not to be con
sidered a Cabinet possibility. It is his
belief that Illinois may not be represented
in the Cabinet at all. He discussed the
Senatorial contest with Major McKinley
and said to the President-elect that so
much confusion existed it was impossible
to forecast the result Senator Cullom
expressed the opinion that in the event of
a prolonged and bitter contest the prize
might fall to the lot of Governor Tanner
himself. Senator Cullom said the im
pression existed among his colleagues In
the United States Senate that Mr. Allison
would not be inclined to give up his pre
sent career to accept a Cabinet portfolio,
but remarked that he hoped the lowa
Senator could be prevailed upon to be
come Secretary of the Treasury.
If neither Mr. Allison nor Mr. Dineley
should be in Major McKinley's Cabinet a
new quantity for Secretary of the Treas
ury will have to be found and the chances
are that tbe President-elect will treat the
country to something of a surprise.
A good deal of speculation about the
New England member of tue Cabinet has
been heard in the last day or two, botli
here and in- Canton. If Mr. Dingley re
mains at the head of the Committee on
Ways and Means another man from his
section of the country will be invited to
accept a Cabinet position. The names of
Senators Proctor of Vermont and Lodge
of Massachusetts are discussed not a
little anti the selection of either of them
by Major McKinley should occasion no
surprise. If a Secretary of State is not
chosen from New York it may be set
down as certain that Cornelius N. Bliss
will be in Major McKinley's Cabinet.
There has been no change in the situation
so far as Mr. Bliss is concerned, nor is
there likely to be, save in the contingency
just mentioned.
FOG 11 V I. I>S CA.RXITA.I,.
JFot a YcMstl Coming Into or Leaving
Xew Xork.
QUARANTINE, S. 1., Jan. 3.— During
the past twenty-four hours the waters of
the upper and lower bay have been envel
oped in dense fop. At Bp. m. off Quaran
tine this dense fog still prevailed, with lit
tle prospect of clearing weather. Not a
single vessel had parsed in or out of the
Narrows since sunrise this morning. Sev
eral steamers due to arrive in port to-day
are no doubt detained outeide the Sandy
Hook bar and Scotland lightship owing to
the bad weather.
The Wilson liner Hindoo, which was in
collision with the Cromwell line steamer
Creole in the lower bay iast evening, re
turned in the log and anchored off Clifton,
S. I. Her commander, Captain Douglass,
reports that the Hindoo is leaking in the
forepeak, some of her bow plates are
cracked and as the damage is under water
its exact nature cannot be ascertained un
til she reaches her dock. Nothing further
has been heard from the Creole sines the
collision occurred. She is probably an
chored in the lower bay.
Doctors,
Firemen,
Policemen,
Gripmen,
Merchants, Cab Drivers and all
who have to be out in the Win-
ter, wear ; Buckingham
Nova Scotia Seal Cork - Sole
Shoes. They keep the feet
warm and dry. 'Made of abso-
lutely waterproof leather.
- ' Every Genuine Fair Stampe-.l
BUCKINGHAM HKCHT.
A Fall ■ lilne of Backin{;bain & llech
t mo Shoes Carried. . -
Kast's
738-740 Market St.
34
FUNDS FOR THE
KAISER`S ARMY
The Reichstag Expected to
Increase the Budget
Estimate.
Big Guns Being Turned Out Day
and Night at the Krupp
Works.
RusEia Seeks to Negotiate an Enormous
Loan — Signs of Better Times in
the Czar's Dominion.
(Copyright, 1897, by the United Associated Presses]
BERLIN, Germant, Jan. 3.— The new
artillery bill, which will be laid before the
Reichstag soon after the Chamber re
sumes its sittings, will propose an addi
tion to the military budget of 177,000,000
marks. Certain semi-official papers, com
menting on the reports current last week
t hat 200,000,000 marks should be demanded,
nave denied tlie accuracy of the statement
and inferentially suggested that the coun
try had at present no reason to fear an ad
ditional burden through the army esti
mates. In point of fact the new bill has
for some time been drafted and forms part
of a general scheme involving the creation
of new regiments of infantry and a new
grouping of battalions and brigades.
Military authorities who are permitted
to speak on the subject, and whose opinion
is worth having, deny the current reports
that the impending reorganization of the
artillery is due to the Canet quick-firing
gun beine adopted for the French army.
The new German field-gun, which was
tested at Krupp's in the presence of the
Kaiser and a special staff of officers more
than a year ago, was approved as the most
potent iield piece yet invented, and bas
since been under constant construction.
The Kaiser keeps in close touch with
Krupp'n, at whose works guns on the new
model, but of different caliber, are being
rapidly manufactured and tested.
Leading Berlin banking firms concur in
crediting the report that the Russian
Government l:as been negotiating a new
loan in Paris, amounting to no less than
600,000,000 marks. Private advices from
St. Petersburg, supported by letters from
Paris, at first mentioned an even ereater
sum— Boo,ooo,ooo— and added that the
French bankers had refused to consider
terms on the ground that France was
overloaded with Rossini loans; that part
of the last loan had not yet been absorbed
by the public, ai:d further, that under the
conditions of that loan Russia wis de
barred irom raising another before April,
1897.
Some tentative action toward negotiat
ing with Berlin and Frankfort houses has
been going on since the reluctance of the
French bankers to loan became known at
St. Petersburg, but these overtures were
not received favorably, so the Russian
Finance Minister has resumed communi
cation with Paris firms. The loan, if ob
tained soon after April, will be the pre
lude to the resumption of specie payments
by Russia, provided nothing happens in
Europe to endanger the Czar's present
peace policy.
Apropos of the now Known tendency of
Nicholas II toward a liberal and pacific
regime, advices from Warsaw and other
centers in Poland concur lit speaking o!
a marked change in the restrictive meas
ures enforced against the people by the
authorities, greater freedom being allowed
to the press and the public. A notable
instance of the change of spirit in the
Russian authorities is seen in the corre
spondence of tne St. Petersburg Novoe
Vremya, which has opened its columns to
advocacy of the conciliation of Poland, a
larger degree tif toleration for the Catho
lic Poles and the" cessation of restrictive
measures throughout those now wide
regions where the Russian Government
has the adhesion of the people.
The Novoe Vremya has long been the
fierce enemy of the Catholic Poles, and
this change of front is therefore signifi
cant. The Czar's recent action in resist
ing the pressure of the Moscow authorities
to punish the riotous university students
by deporting them to Siberia is another
favorable sign of better times in Russia.
The first recepti6n at court of the new
French Embassador, the Marquis de No
ailles, is fixed for the third week in Janu
ary. It is understood that the Kaiser in
tends to mark the occasion as an especially
brilliant court function. The substitution
•f a French aristocrat of polished man
ners for a bourgeois, M. Herbette, whom
court and Kaiser alike detested, may do
much to smooth diplomatic relations be
tween Paris and Berlin.
The non-committal tactics of Count
Badeni, the Austrian Prime Minister, on
the eve of the dissolution of the Austrian
Reichsrath and the consequent holding of
a new general election, an described in
these dispatches last Sunday, remain lit
erally true, but there are now signs that
the Premier will favor the clerical party
whenever he can. Hitherto he has been
virtually sitting on the fence and observ
ing the indications of increasing strength
of the various parties with a view of as
certaining which group is worth while
cultivating as suppo rters of the Ministry,
but within a few days ne has shown his
preference by filling a number of vacan
cies in several provinces by the appoint
ment of men of clerical, or at any rate,
anti-semitic tendencies.
Berlin as well as Vienna court circles
have recently been eagerly watching the
development of a scandal connected with
tne career of the Austrian Crown Prince
Rudolph, who with his mistress, the
Baroness Marie Vetsera, committed
suicide at Meyerling in January, 1889. It
is known that the Emperor Francis Joseph
had paid enormous sums to meet the re
sponsibilities which his son left behind
him and to conceal some of the lament
able results of his disorderly life.
Some correspondence which the Arch
duke left fell Into the hands of a man who
did not scruple to have part of it photo
graphed and sent to the Emperor, with an
offer to restore the.-originals for a laree
sum, the alternative being publication.
As the letters contained some frank criti
cisms of the Emperor's secret policy and
of the personages around the throne the
affair became a matter of reference to the
Cabinet. Arrests and legal prosecution in
camera were talked of in Austrian court
circles for a time, but now it is understood
that there will Le no public scandal, the
matter having been arranged privately.
The members of the Berlin Produce Ex
change began business yesterday mder
the Bourse law, which went into effect
on January 1, as a free institution instead
of a close organization, as formerly, but
very little business was done. The Berlin
Association exchanged communications
with the free associations (formerly the
bourses) of Halle, Stettin, Brunswick and
other centers and some future transactions
were recorded. Tlie day was a partial
holiday, however, and consequently less
business was done than otherwise could
have been transacted. Public opinion, as
well as the opinion of the entire press,
with the exception of the conservative and
agrarian journals, are in complete sympa
thy with the bourslers in defiance of the
laws.
The National Zeitung applauds the ac
tion of the German bourses, and declares
that it was necessary for them to act as
they have done as a matter of self-defense
against the Junkers.
The Tageblatt, in an article under the
caption, "The Fight Commenced," sees
no end to the warfare unless the agrari
ans, frightened at the result of their own
folly, assist the Government to clamber
down from the position they have as
sumed.
The Vossische Zeitung predicts that the
fight will ultimately eid in the viotory of
the mercantile community.
In Government circles the hope is ex
pressed that the coming election of the
executive committee and chairman of the
Bourse may influence the boursiers in the
direction of some form of compromise, the
nature of which, however, the official
mind is not yet able to foreshadow.
In the meantime the only possible com
promise that the Bourse operators will
accept will be the suppression of the
clunses which interfere with their busi
ness. The stock bourses of Berlin and
Frankfort were stagnant yesterday, in
view of the uncertainty of the effect of the
prohibitory clauses of the new law. Yes
terday's buying was consequently confined
to Government siocks. Upward of COO
members of the Produce Exchange have
joined the newly formed iree association.
Professor Guy Thompson of Yale Uni
versity and his wife, formerly Miss Lucy
Uhl, assisted United States Embassador
Uhl and his wife in receiving the Ameri
can colony on Thursday. A great num
ber of guests were present. Popular airs
were pJaved by a band stationed in the
dining-room.
The Rev. Dr. Dickie, pastor of the Amer
ican Church, received Americans in Ber
lin on New Year's day.
Lieutenant Count Uexhull yon Gylle
band, who was wounded in the forehead
in a duel with Baron ynn Wangenheim,
secretary of the Prussian legation at Stutt
gajrt on December ,22, is in a dying condi
tion. Baron yon Wangenheim, who was
also wounded in the abdomen, is progress
ing favorably. His wound is healing and
the prospects are that he will recover.
The extremely slight chances of the sup
pression of dueling in Germany may be
judged by the fact that the duel be
tween the count and the baron was um
pired by General yon Schott, the com
mander of the troops at Stuttgart, and
that Dr. xon Hollebsn, the Prussian
Minister to Wurteniberg, acted as Wan
genheim's second. After the duel Minis
ter yon Holleben came to Berlin to nar
rate the details of the affair to the Em
peror.
The convtct anarchist, John Neve, who
was serving a sentence in the Moabit pris
on, died in that institution yesterday. He
was insane.
The Duke of Cumberland, who has been
suffering from nephritis at his home in
Ginunden, is now out of danger.
J OBX& I j> Uffl itEA.I).
Sports Who Managed (he -Fatal Fight
Jl?l*n*rd on Hail.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 4.— Johnny
Puffy, the prize-fighter, died in St. Vin
cent's Hospital at 2:10 o'clock this morn
ing.
Manager Thomas O'Rourke of the
Broadway Athletic Club, Referee Dick
Roche and Prize-fighter George Justice,
who were arrested Saturday night by
Captain Groo of the Mercer-street station
for being contributory to the injuries that
Duffy received in the prize fight at the
Athfetic Club, were held in $2000 bail each
in Jefferson Market Court for further ex
amination on Wednesday afternoon. The
three prisoners furnished the bail and
were released.
BART IHE WIASER.
Result of the Six- It ay Walking Match at
St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 3.— The six-day
walking match in progress here during
the past week came to a close at midnight
to-night. The contestants walked twelve
hours each day— from noon till midnight.
Hart of Chicago was the winner. The
match did not occasion ranch interest and
was not a success financially. were
only thirteen starters and six finished the
route. The final score was as follows:
Hart, 303 mile 3 7 laps; Hoaeland, 303
miles; Stephens, 292 miles; Oddy. 278
miles; Smith, 202 miles 1 lap; Kennedy,
121 miles 11 laps.
S'nntor Palmer Improving.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Jan. 3.— Senator
Palmer, who has been confined to his bed
by a severe cold, is much improved to
night. Four days aeo General Palmer
was put to bed by his physician, who
feared a return of his old trouble, oneu
mor<ia, which has several times threat
ened him as a result of cold?, and the
precantionary move resulted in a favora
bie outcome to-day.
Minister Ued» a Jiisliop'f Daughter.
TRENTON, N. J.. Jan. 3.— Miss Cathar
ine Scanboroush, daughter of Right Rev.
John Scarborough, Protestant Episcopal
Bishop of the dioce«e of New Jersey, was
married to-day to Rev. E. J. Knight, rec
tor of Christ's Eiiscopal Church of this
city. The marriage ceremony took place
during the morning service at Christ's
Church, Bishop Scarborough officiating.
A Suicide of a Variety Actrnvs.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 3.— Belle Mor
gan, alias Mrs. Willis K. Morgan, commit
ted suicide by swallowing a dose of cocaine
at 5 o'clock this morning at Belle Curry's
resort on Broadway. She was 26 years of
age and very pretty. She had for a time
been traveling wltn Weber & Field's vari
ety show. Disappointment in love is said
to be the cause.
Itnnh Ca* flier Jlrrettrtf.
BUFFALO, N. V., Jan. 3 —Henry Durk,
cashier of the defunct First National Bank
of Niagara Falls, was arrested late yester
day and arraigned here last night before
Commissioner Norton on acharge of being
implicated in the failure of the bank.
Durk pleadea not guilty and was released
on bond, pending a hearing on January 15.
Tennra*et'a Oenerul Ansenthlii Mrett.
NASHVILLE, Tbs*., Jan. 3.— The Fifth
General Assembly of Tennessee meets at
noon to-morrow. The first, work of the
body will be the consideration of the con
test filed by G. N. Tillman. Republican
candidate lor Governor. The political
complexion of the body is: Democrats
85, Democratic- Populists 1, Republicans
bO, Republican- Populists 8.
IH»tingui.ihert Jttcdiral Man Denrt.
" PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. " 3.-Dr.
Theo. Wormley, a .distinguished chemist
and toxicologist and professor lof eight
branches in tne ' medical school of the
University of Pennsylvania, : died at bis
residence to-day of. stomach trouble, after
a a illness of several months. "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1897.
BOLD MURIETTA'S
HOARD IS THEIRS
Proof That the Outlaw's
Gold Was Found Near
Fresno.
Trunk in Which It Was Buried
Exhibited in a Firebaugh
Hotel.
Lucky Discoverers of the Loot Guard
ing Their Fortune by Strictest
Secrecy.
FRESNO, Cak, Jan. 3.— The men who
unearthed a truckful of gold near this
city a few days ago, as reported in The
Call at the time, are maintaining the
greatest secrecy in regard to their lind.
They fear that if the facts find their way
to the authorities the State will put in a
claim for its share. For thi3 reason the
lucky discovery is being kept as quiet aa
possible.
One of the finders of the fortune was
J. G. Woffoid, but the name of his com
panion cannot be learned. Wofford, ac
cording to his own statement, merely
accompanied the man to whom the for
tune belongs as a friend, and he will not
say whether or not he received or is to re
ceive a portion of the treasure.
It was near the Firebaugh graveyard
and not the Mountain View Cemetery
near this city, as first reported, that the
trunk containing the large amount of
gold was unearthed. The spot was about
a quarter of a mile from tbe burial
ground.
The treasure is supposed to have been
buried by Joaquiu Murietta, the notorious
bandit of the early days of California. It
is said that a wealthy cattle-dealer had
come to Firebaugh to buy stock and had
the money in his trunK. The outlaw
murdered the man and stole his trunk, but
was unable to carry the money away
with him. He therefore buriad the trunk
and treasure where it was found.
For some reason Murietta was unable to
make use of his ill-gotten wealth. He
never returned lor it. It appears that he
gave the description of the location of the
trunk to some friend, who recently died.
Before this person passed away he gave
Murietta's description of the spot where
the fortune mignt be found to Wofford's
friend and this man and Wofford were
not. long in making a search for it.
The two drove from this city over to
Firebaugh at night in order that no one
would know where they went. They spent,
the day in hunting for the spot wl.ere
the trunk was hidden, and so accurate
a description had .Marietta given of
its location that they found it with com
paratively little difficulty.
The trunk was buried two feet below
the surface. It was pulled out of its rest
ing place, but the woodwork had all de
cayed and it fell to pieces. Neatly packed
in bottom lay tbe bags of gold. There
were twenty-four of them—nineteen of
coin and five of slugs of bullion. The
finders appraise the treasure at about
$147,000, the exact value of the slugs hav
ing not yet been ascertained.
Wofford and his friend transferred the
gold from the smaller bags in which they
found it, and which had rotted so that
they would hardly hold together, into a
sack they had and left the trunk on the
ground. They then returned to Fire
baugh and that night drove back to
Fresno. Wofford refuses positively to re
veal the identity of his friend, to whose
interest he is, of course, very much de
voted.
It is reported that a hotel-keeper at
Firebaugh is in possession of ♦he trunk in
which the treasure was found. He saw
the account of the discovery published in
The Call and then came to the conclu
sion thai the two men who had made a
strange visit to the town were the-fortune
seekers.
The fact that the treasure was supposed
fo haVe been buried by Munetta strength
ened his belief that it bad been found in
the vicinity of Firebaugb, that having
been a favorite stopping place of the ban
dit. He went toward the graveyard, in
the direction he had seen the two strangers
take, and soon ran across the trunk. He
found twelve of the bags in which the
money had been buried, the finders hav
ing taken the others with them as curio?.
The hotel man took the trunk, or tli#
pieces of it, back to Firebaugh and is said
to ue exhibiting it.
The story of the discovery of the treas
ure is of course doubted by many, but
there are circumstances that justify the
opinion that the doubters may be pushing
their incredulity to extremes.
RATE WAR AT EUREKA.
Rival Steamship Companies Contending
for the Control of Northern
California Trade.
EUREKA, Cal., Jan. 3.— With the com
pletion of the new steamer Humboldt the
people of this county are looking forward
to a rale war, which cannot but benefit
them. This benefit will be manifested in
reducad rates of tare and freight and
quicker and better service between Eureka
and San Francisco.
The opposing powers in this war for
traffic will be the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company of San Francisco and the Hum
boldt Steamßhip Company of Eureka, and
the weapons will be the first-named com
pany's steamer Pomona, one of the finest
ana fastest boats on the coast, and the
new Humboldt of the latter company,
which is expected to be the Pomona's
equal if not its superior in appointments
and speed.
The new steamship will probably not be
ready to take its place on the route beiore
FeDruary, but the San Francisco com
pany has already taKen the initiative and
in a manner forced the fight. It is gen
erally understood here that the combina
tion which existed between the two com
panies while the old Humbold t was on the
route will obtain no longer, and that it
will be each company for itself, although
they may unite against their common
enemy, the steam schooners, that have
made such inroads on the trade.
The first move by the San Francisco
company was to announce a change of
agents here, which went into effect on
New "Year's day. John R. Baird suc
ceeded H. P. Riddle, an old employe of
the company, who has had the agency
here for the past eipht years. Mr. Bard
was formerly agent fdr tne old Humbold t,
is a native of Eureka, is thoroughly famil
iar with the steamship business here and
is popular with ths shippers and traveling
public. The next move was the making
of improvements about the warehouse and
wharf here to facilitate ' the handling of
freight, and then cams the announcement
of a cut in fare on the first of the year,
round-trip tickets good for thirty days
being sold for three-quarters and two-
Ahirds of regular price, according to berth.
PORTLAND CROOK RISKS LIFE.
Plunges Into the Water After an Out-
going Steamship and Is Hauled
Aboard.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 3.— A daring and
successful attempt to swing himself aboard
the outgoing Caiifornia-bound steamahip
State ot California by means of a rope was
made last night by H. J. Lusk, an ex-con
vict who bad become too well known to
the authorities to permit him to further
operate here. Shortly before the steamer
cast its lines Lusk was seen on the dock
by Detectives Welsh and Simons, whom
he toid that he was going to San Francisco
to locate permanently. The officer in
charge ot the slip Knew Lusk, and as he
failed to exhibit a ticket he refused to
allow him on the gang-plank.
Lusk bore a look of dismay, but he
tightened the straps of his small valise
securely about his left arm and as the
steamer swung from its berth he rushed
to the edge of the dock, shouting "Throw
me a line!"
In the fraction of a second about fifteen
feet of rope was flung from the lower deck
of the steamer and was nimbly caught by
Lusk. He had no time to fasten it about
his waist, but being a powerlui man tie
clutched it in both hands and swung off.
The next instant Lusk dropped into the
water and his body bumped up against
the sides of the huge steamer with a thud
that could be distinctly heard on the doct.
He lost his hat, which floated away with
the current.
A. cry of horror went up from hundreds
who had witnessed this scene, everybody
believing the intrepid man to have been
crushed to ceatu by his violent collision
with the steamer. But a dozen hearty
deckhands pulled Lusk aboard. That he
was not much hurt was evident, as from
the dock he could be seen hurrying to a
plare of concealment the moment he was
aboard. It was the unanimous sentiment
ashore that such an exhibition of courage
deserved a gratuitous cabin passage.
RAN AWAY FROM SAN JOSE.
Two Adventurous Girls Captured in San
Francisco and Returned to
Their Homes.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 3.— Lizzie Foster
and Mamie Spellman, girls who ran away
from their homes in this city about ten
days ago, were brought back from Sun
Francisco by Detective E. H. Frost to
day. They were stopping at the Globe
lodging-house, on Howard street, and do
ing the City. The girls had $7 in money
and a watch when they left here, and
when arrested they were penniless and
ready to return home.
Just before leaving home the girls were
arrested for disturbing the peace of T.
Hansene, a waiter, whom they contin
ually annoyed by calling him a '"cheap
euy." As soon as they were released on
their own recognizance they left the city.
The Foster girl is 16 years old and Mies
Spellman one year her junior. An effort
will be made to send tuein to the Whittier
Reform School.
Detective Frost also brought back
Ignacio Palunco, who is wanted on a
charge of embezzling $19 belonging to the
Bryan Fifty, a campaign club.
WHAT HO KOItIXS EAI?
Santa Clara Stiperrtiors Jit quest Infor
mation on the Subject.
SAN JOSE, CAr,., Jan. 3.— Horticultural
Commissioner Ebrhorn will make an in
vestigation as to what lobins and other
birds feed on and as to whether they are
beneficial ia orchards and vineyards, and
report to the Board of Supervisors during
Ihe month. This will be done on ac
count of the recent agitation against the
killing of robins by hunters in the belief
that they destroy insects and pests In
jurious to trees and vines. At present
the weight of opinion is in favor of the
robins, but there is some foundation for
the belief that robins destroy the Aus
tralian lady- bird s and other consumers of
scale pests.
In order to determine what the birds
feed on Commissioner Ehrhorn will kill
and dissect specimens at certain times of
the day, just after they have been feed
ing and before the food has had a chance
to digest. If it is found that they destroy
only insects injurious to fruit trees the
Supervisors will be asked to pass an or
dinance protecting them.
CXIME J.\ SAX JOSE.
Chief of PoUen KiJtvartt Submit* Jli»
Itrport for the JPn»t lear.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 3.— The report of
Chief of Police Kidward for the past year
shows that during that time the police
made 1250 arrests. They were divided as
follows: Felonies 72, drunks 707, city mis.
demeanors 232, State misdemeanors 225,
insane 11, runaway boys 3. The total
fines and forfeitures collected amounted
to $1250. Tne number of persons given
lodgings at the City Prison reached 2551.
Therp were 32 burglaries during the year
and $9395 worth of property was stolen.
Stolen properly recovered during the year
amounted to $6065.
The report recommends that the Coun
cil establish a place apart from the city
prison where boys and girls may be kept
away from corrupting influences of hard
ened criminals.
Granprrß Pats lieiolutionn.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 3.— San Jose
Grange at its meeting yesterday appointed
a committee to appear before the
Legislature and aak for an appro
priation to pay the expenses of
the professors of the University of Cali
fornia who travel about the State deliver
ing lectures before farmers' institutes.
The committee consists of C. W. Chillis,
D. Coates, E. T. Pettitt and S P. Sanders.
A resolution protesting against and call
ing the Supervisors' attention to the cut
ting down of trees along the public high
ways was passed.
Santa Cruz Officials Rrtlrf.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 3.— Superior
Judge J. H. Logan will retire from the
bench to-morrow and Judge-Elect Lucas
F. Smith will assume tne judicial duties.
County Supervisors Stanlon and Lay will
be succeeded by Messrs. Esty and Collins.
L. J. Dake, for twelve years stenographer
of the Superior Court, has retired from the
position and his successor, to be appointed
by Judge Smith, will be decided upon
early in the week. T. W. Duncan and
Bert Balding are candidates for the place.
f»antn Cntr Improremmtt.
SANTA CRUZ, Cat,., Jan. 3.— There is
a movement in progress here for tlie en
couragement of the cultivation of flowers,
and with that object in view a meeting
has been called, to be he'd at the Public
Library to-morrow night. The spirit of
improvement originating in the Board of
Trade J3 reaching individual citizens, who
desire to make their lawns anrt flower
gardens attractive to the eye of the visi
tor with a view of inducing an increase in
the winter population of the town.
Santa Crtiz County Finances.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Jan. 3.— County
Treasurer W. H. Bias' report for Decem
ber showed a large handling of funds. On
December 1 there was a balance on hand
o! $23,201 79; receipt? for the month, $148.
--606 54; total, $171.308 33; disbursements,
$109,586 46; balance in haud December 31,
1896. $62,22146.
Dr. D. Jayne's Expectorant Is very efltcacious
incases of croup, dive it before you go tor the
doctor. It's tUe right remedy and mny save n lift*.
II bilious, lake Jayue'u i'aiuttss Sanative rills.
AFTER A SUIT
CAME A FIGHT
Stockholders of the Gold
Ridge Mine Had Been
Quarreling.
Contest in Court Followed by
the Fatal Combat of
Thursday.
Ex • Superintendent Phelaa Claims
That the Killing of Muller Was
in Salf-Eefcnse.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., Jan. 3.— Further
details of last Thursday's gun tight at the
Gold Ridge mine were received here to
day. It is learned that two of the partici
pants in the combat in which Paul Muller
of San Francisco lost his life and James
O'Connor was seriously wounded were the
stockholders of the mine company. They
had quarreled and soon pistols were
brought into play to settle their differ
ences.
There had been some trouble in the
company, resulting in a lawsuit, and
Richard Phelan, superintendent of the
mine, was put in as keeper. Phelan and
two others visited Hilda Camp ana the
Milton dam on Thursday, and upon their
return to tne mine were met by Muller
and O'Connor. The former, who was one
of the stockholders, informed Phelan that
a sufficient bond had been put up to re
lease the mine from his care. Phelan ex
pressed his satisfaction that such was the
case.
Here O'Connor began to abuse Mr.
Phelan, and finally attacked him. Phelan
drew his revolver and fired. He claims
that he shot over O'Connor's head to in
timidate him, but when be did so Muller
hred at him with a rifle. The bullet
missed Phelan and hit O'Connor instead.
Before Muller could tire a second shot,
Phelan and Owen White returned the fire
with their revolvers. Both shots took
effect and Muller received wounds from
which he died in a couple of hours.
O'Connor, who was seriously wounded,
was taken to S:erra City the nert day.
Coroner Hocking of this county met the
party there to-night. The Coroner is
authorized to arrest all concerned and
bring them to Nevada City for trial. Phe
lan makes no denials, and claims it was
clearly a case of self-defense with him.
\V. F. McLaughlin, secretary and treas
urer of tha Gold Ridge Mining Company,
when seen at his residence last nightjaid
that Muller, who was a stockholder and
superintendent of the mine, had been sent
up from this City about three months ago
to do the assessment work on the loca
tion. James O'Connor, who is also a resi
dent of this City, went with him as an
assistant. Pheian.whojhad been formerly
superintendent of the mine, had inter
fered with the work of relocation, and
about a aonth ago was put under bonds
to keep the peace.
Muller is not known to have any rela
tives here, and as most of his time was
spent away from the City his circle of ac
quaintances is not large.
ROMANCE OF TACOMA.
Divorce Granted to an Heiress Who
Eloped With a Poor Man Two
Years Ago.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan 3.— The sequel to
an interesting elopement of two years ago
last June came yesterday, when a divorce
was granted to Mrs. James H. Dege,
daughter of J. J. Westbrook, capitalist.
It is understood tl*at ever since her mar
riage, when several years under her ma
jority, Mrs. Dege's parents hay* been en
deavoiing to persuade her to leave her
husband and return to the parental house.
The divorce was secured very quietly,
and it was greatly desired by those most
interested that it be kept secret. Its an-
nouncement to-day caused no less surprise
than did the elopement. The action was
based on alleged incompatibility.
Miss Westbrook was surrounded by
every comfort which wealth could procure
when Mr. Dege commenced calling at her
home. He was then clerk at Gross Bros.,
but soon afterward became teller in the
newly organized Commercial Bank.
In "the" spring of 1893 he accompanied
Miss Westbrook to Trinity Church one
Sunday, and afterward they were married
by Rev. Dean Richmond Babbitt. They
took a wedding trip and seemingly paid
no attention to the anger of the stern
parents, whose shock on first hearing of
the marriage led them to express their
dislike for Mr. Dege in very strong terms.
They hoped their daughter would repent
ana return to her home, but expressed no
desire to receive their son-in-law.
Later Mr-. Dege and her parents became
reconciled and were frequently seen to
gether in public. It was generally sup
posed that Mr. Dege also had been taken
into the Jamily, though at the time of the
elopement Mr. and Mrs. Westbrook de
clared he should never receive a cent of
their money or property. In adherence
to this declaration it seems quite certain
now that they have gradually induced
their daughter to seek a divorce. It is
generally believed that she would have
been disinherited had she done otherwise.
Mr. Dege is employed at the People's
store, and will this month secure a place
at the courthouse under the incoming
Democratic Assessor.
JiOUY Jf'OUSD XBA& TAZLtJO.
Xear It Wa* a Hotile Containing the
Xaine of a Steamship.
VALLEJO, Cat., Jan. 3.— William Col
vin and Robert Craig, while hunting on
the marshes near Dutchmans Slough yes
terday afternoon, discovered the headless
body of a man partly buried in the sand
on the seashore. The clothing was badly
torn and around the waist there was a
small leather belt which cad evidently
done service in lieu of suspenders.
About twenty feet from the corpse the
young hunters found a mustard bottle
containing a. piece of wrapping paper. On
this paper was written, "J. D. Peters, Sept.
8, 1896." The bottle had evidently b/en
thrown overboard from the Stockton
steamship bearing that name. It is likely
that it had been cast from the vessel by
some one returning from the Native Sons'
festivities at Siockton on September 9.
Whether this bottle and the note it con
tained had any connection with the
drowning of the person whoise body was
found to-day can only be conjectured.
Evidently the body had been in tue water
for several months.
Wedding liell*' at : Trtiekee.
TRUCKEE, Cal., Jan. 3.— At the resi
dence of T. T. Meloche this evening W. C.
Chirm and Miss Eva A. Simpson were
married by the Rev. W. C. Howard. Miss
Simpson is a charming young ia«ly, bright
and accomplished, wno daring 'the two
summers she has spent in Truckee bas
made many friends. She is the only
daughter of Mrs. C. M. Hunter of Oakland.
Mr. Cbinn is « popular young man, in the
employ of the Southern PaciSc. They
left on No. 1 this evening for the East.
DEATH AT GKASS VALLEY.
Patting of J. 2*. Stone, v »« of the
AroonautM of Forty-Xine.
GRASS VALLEY, Cal., Jan. 3.-J. P.
Stone, one of Grass Valley's oldest citi
zens, succumbed to pneumonia last night
after an illness of several weeks. Mr.
Stone arrived in 1849 ana lo .ated in Grass
Valley in 1850. He filled many municipal
offices and was practical and progressive.
One of the first marriages in Grass Valley
was that of Mr. Stone and Miss Rosa
Farrington, in 1852. Four children were
born to them, all of whom survive. They
are M. Jt\ Stone, connected with the State
department of public instruction, at
Sacramento; Mrs. W. H. Butler of this
city; Harold R. Stone of C'hicaco and
Miss ADna Stone of this city. Mr. Stone
was a prosperous mining man and an
owner of valuable water rights. He was
born in Worthington, Mass., and was aged
about 70 years.
TALLEJO WOMAN \DI IS G.
Mr: 0. A. Souther Suffers a fatal
AtroKe of I'aralyais.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 3.— Mr?. J. S.
Souther, a woman well known in fraternal
and benevolent society circles, was stricken
by paralysis about 1 o'clock yesterday
afternoon, losing the power of speech and
control of the right limbs and the right
side of the body. On the advice of the
attending physician the family has been
summoned to her bedside, as her death
seems near.
FIRE AT SAX XtIEGO.
Effects of Several Secret Societies Ruined
bit a Conflagration.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. Jan. 3.— Fire to
night burned out the second floor of Hor
ton Hall, at Sixth and F streets, the old
est brick structure in the city, ruining the
effects of several lodges. Three small
buildings adjoining on F street were de
stroyed, with stocks of goods, the loss ag
gregating about $8003. Owiuc to weak
water pressure, several liremen entered
the building with hose and were with
difficulty rescued.
Borne* Fed to Petaluma Fowls.
PETALUMA, Cal.. Jan. 3.— The Petft
luma poultry-raisers are constantly having
shipped to them Irom San Francisco old
and worn-out>t>ories, which are killed for
chicken feed and reach the City again in
the shape of eggs, but the largest indi
vidual shipment was sent this week to a
rancher near Tomales, there being twenty
horses iii the band. Many ot them were
rather nice looking animals, and appar
ently too good for their fate.
«.
Petnlutnn Poultry- Keeper*' Project.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. 3.— The Peta
luma Poultry-keeptrs' Protective Asso
ciation met yesterday afternoon, the most
important matter under discussion being
the furtherance of the project to have the
Government establish a poultry raising,
feeding and disease- treating experimental
station in this city. Messrs. Peck, Strut
ton and Pease were appointed a committee
to draft a bill for presentation to the
Legislature by Representative Price.
Suicide at Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 3.— A. O.
Green, a civil engineer lately from Eng
land, was found dead in his bed at the
Gold House this morning. It is supposed
be committed suicide, as an empty chlory
dene bottle was found in his room.
San Panquel Woman /turned to Death.
SAX DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 3.— Mrs. Wil
liam Potts, wife of a rancher at San Pas
quel, died in horrible agony on Friday as
the result of her clothing catching fire
while she was burning brush.
Hop* Dies a Suicide.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 3.— J. B.
Hope, who attempted suicide yesterday
by shooting himself in the head, died at
the receiving hospital to-day.
WJJIXIXG IO TMJ£ SCLTA.A.
The C*ar tiatf* There Is ,No Alternative
but Submission.
LONDON, England, Jan. 3.— The Daily
Telegraph will to-morrow, publish a dis
patch : from Constantinople saying that
the Czar has sent a message to the Sultan
recommending him to consider more
seriously the remonstrances of the powers
regarding the reforms necessary for the
empire and adding that ii he does not do
so he will expose himself to the gravest
consequences, even loreign intervention.
The Czar further says that the Sultan's
acceptance of this advice is an indis
pensable condition to the integrity of his
empire and the maintenance of peace.
Pay Officers Transferred.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 3.-Secre
tary Lamont has made several trans
fers of officers in the pay depart
ment of the army. Major William
H. Comegys is transferred from the
department of the Platte at Omaha to
the department of the East at New York;
Wiliiam H. Hamnor from the department
of the Colorado at Djnver to the depart
ment of the Platte at Omaha, and Major
Allan H. Jackson from the headquarters
of the army, Washington, to the depart
ment of the Colorado.
Hanker Jtreyer Critically 111.
CHICAGO, &■&,, Jan. 3.— The condition
of E. S. Dreyer, who has been ill most of
the time since his failure, changed for the
worse to-day. He was reported to be
nearly helpless from old complications,
which have been greatly aggravated by
mental worry since the suspension of his
banking farm. The police, wno were sta
tioned around the house as watchers,
have been withdrawn. Mr. Dreyer is not
allowed to s c the newspapers, and it is
said he does not yet know of the suicido
of William A. Hammond of Evanston on
Saturday morning.
Heath of a Congressman- Elect.
NEW BRIGHTON, Pa., Jan. 3.— Word
reached herj to-day that James Johnson
Davidson, Congressman-elect from the
Twenty-fifth Congressional District of
Pennsylvania, died at Phcenix, Ariz.,
last night. Mr. Davidson was suffering
from quick consumption and went West
in the hope of regaining his health.
The Pennsylvania Senatorship.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 3— There has
been no change in the Senatorial situation
since last night. Several doubtful mem
bers have come out for State Senator Pen
rose or ex-Postmaster-General Wana
maker, but their positions were pretty
well understood, and the effect has not
been pronounced for either side.
Pries- llinniny Dog* nud Fowls.
SAN JOSE, Cai,., Jan. 3.— Dos and poul
try fanciers of Santa Clara County will
make some tine exhibits at the kennel and
poultry show that opens at Sacramento
the coming week. The tine Irish setter
Chief Jr., valued at $350. will be exhibited
by C. M. Barker of this city. This dog has
taken prizes at fifty shows. O. J. A bee ot
Lawrence will exhibit rive Scotch collies
and forty-nine piize-winning chickens.
Norman J. Stewart of Aroruas will make a
fine display of poultry and dogs. Among
the latter are thoroughbred Scotch collies,
Yorkshire terriers and English mastiffs.
At least 300 chickens and about fifty dogs
will comprise Santa Clara County's ex
hibit.
Piqenn SliOot at J'rtdltuna.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. 3.— Live-pigeon
shooting has been revived by local niru
rods, the first match taking place on Fri
day. Each contestant shot at twelve
birds and E. £. Drees won with a clean
score.
FITTING WARSHIPS
FOR LONG CRUISES
Unusual Activity at the
Mare Island Naval
Station.
Quantities of Supplies Received
Within the Past Few
Days
Vessels Now- Idle Are Being Maa*
Ready to Sail at an Hour's
Notice.
VALLEJO, Cal., Jan. 3.— There a •
evidences of unusual activity at the Mare
Island Navy-yard. One of the best indi
cations that "something is doing" with
the powers at Washington «s the appro
priation of large sums of money to man
the ships and increase the fighting forces.
Many awards ot contracts have been made
at Washington in the past few days for
supplies for repairs on the warships and
buildings at Mare Island. Evidently it is
the desire of the Washington department
to follow the old adage, "In time of peace
prepare for war."
Thirty thousand gallons of sperm and
lubricating o'.ls have recently been re
ceived at the navy-yard for use on the
ships of war. Such an immense quantity
has never been received at one time since
the station ,was located at Mare Island.
At the time of the Chilean episode, out
siders had no knowledge of what was
going on until barges began to arrive with
thousands of tons of coal on board. It
soon became apparent that these large
supplies were being stored for a purpose,
and those who remember the activity in
naval circles at that time believe that the
supplies now being received at the yard
are evidence of a sudden determination to
give some of the now idle cruisers and
men-of-war something to do. What their
destination will be is, of course, not
known.
The Baltimore and Charleston can be
made ready for sea within a few week.*.
The Petrel is taking on ccal and provi
sions and is expected to go to sea the lat
ter part of the week. The Adams is at the
yard, to be docked at once. In a short
time it will return to San Francisco as a
temporary training-ship.
The carrier pigeons at the Mare Island
yard are being practiced daily in flights
from various points back to their cote?.
This innovation will be found very effi
cient should the services of the swift birds
be reauired in the transmission of mes
sages from sea to land in time of war.
Chaplain McAllister and wife left for
the East a Jew days ago, bearing witli
them the best wishes of every one at the
yard.
Sunpectea Murderer J)i*'>ppears.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 3.— Ex- Alderman
T. J. O'Malley, who is charged with 'he
murder cf Gus Colliander and who was
released from jail on Saturday on $25,000
bonds, is said to be missing. Ue left his
borne at 8 o'clock Saturday evening and
lies not been seen since. His attorney
said to-night be did not know where
O'Malley was, but he did not believe there
was anything mysterious in his disap
pearance.
90 % MAN,
90%
9O °/ o 9° per cent man
90 °/ o an( * IO P er cent
QO o / weakness may not
oy seem very much to
90/o the beginner, but
9O °/o if the waste con-
-9O % tinues the end is
9O °/ o certain. It will be
9O °/ o IO ■ per cent man
90,% and 9° per cent
go o/ o weakness. ■•» Don't
go 0/ fall into this con-
-9O o/° dltlou ' If youare
o /o suffering from a
9O °/ waste or a loss; if
9O °/ o . you pass ; sleepless
9O °/ o nights, wake tired
9O °/o and listless ; if you
9O °/ o are prematurely
90 °/ decayed; if you
on'o/ have the symptoms
90 0/ of failing man- >
/o hood, be sure to
90 °/ o get that which will
9O °/ o cure you. It is the
90 °/ o remedy treatment,
90 ° /o HB
llHudyan
9O °/ O TT J
0 Hudyan can be
9O °/o had only from the
90 °/ o doctors of the Hud-
-90 °/ SOn e< iical Insti-
. .° tute. No one else
90 °/o can give you Hud-
-9O °/ o yan. Call or write
30 °/ . for fair trial treat-
-0 ment or
9O°/o
90 °/o CIRCULARS
90 % °/o AND
90 0/0 TESTIMONIALS )
90 °/o __
Hudson Medical Institute
;. Stockton, 4 Market aniEllis Sti.NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
The members of the >ationai liuara oi
the Slate are now turning their eyes.
toward Sacramento to see what the legis
lators will do for them. There are many
things they need in order to bring them
to the standard of an efficient militia, but
whether they will receive them is a matter
that cannot be foretold.
Adjutant-General Barrett, in the bien
nial report, issued a few days since, asks
for the statutory appropriations. He
wants $40,000 for new uniforms, $31,500
for new overcoats and $10,500 lor blankets,
making a total of $82,000. These demands
are based on uniforms at $S each, over
coats at $9 each and blankets at $o 50 a
pair. The men who wiU have to use and
wear these are pleased that the demand
has been made, but express the hope that
the next lot will be of that class of
material that will be comfortable and ser
viceable and not merely for show or sum-
mer wear.
The Adjutant-General asks for an appro
priation sufficient to permit of the holding
of camps of instruction to be held in each
of the two years for which the appropria
tion shall be made. Then he wants $5000
To pay for coaling and cruising expenses
of the Cornanche, the vessel used by the
Naval Reserve, and a like amount for a
special emergency fund to prevent ths
putting in at the close of the term of two
years' deficiency bills.
Further, he asks for $1500 for the pre
sersation oi the records of the California
Volunteers and recommends that tne
btate shall build armories in all places in
California where there are more than two
companies.
■ The Adjutant-General has been in cor
respondence with Adjutant-Generals of
other States, and a result of tbis corre
spondence will be the formulation of a
bill to be presented to Congress asking for
an increased appropriation for the
National Guard of tne several States. The
amount at present appropriated i 3 $400,-
CUU, and the amount that will be named
in the bill to be presented will be $3,500,
--000. The argument that will be offered in
support oi thii demand is that the Guard
is liable to be railed upon at any moment
to supj>ort the Union in case of war, and
that being iho case the general Govern
ment should meke the proper provision
for the GuarJ.
One thing that is necessary for the
efficiency of the Guard and for the sake of
uniiormity is a revision of the mles and
resulations. Our citizen soldiers are will
ing to conform to the rules that are made
to govern them, but they would like to
have those rules so clear that they may be
a uniform adoption of them. Those
now governing are so unsatisfactory that
every individual who reads can place al
most any interpretation on them desired.
For instance, a few days since lor want of
clearly d fined rules there appeared at a
funeral the Governor's staff, the division
st:tff and a brigadier-general's staff, each
attired differently ana each under the im
pression that the uniform or dre=-s worn
was the proper thing. The staff that was
atiired in civilian's dress was the proper
one, as the one whoie memory they had
a--emDled to respect was not entitled to
military honors.
Ths new firing regulations, an abstract
of which appeared in The Call Jast Fri
day. ..ave been the subject of much talk
g the guardsmen and the comments
are not as favorable as those who promul
gated them expected they would be.
Lieut. -Col. Ciuff. division inspector of
r tie practice, speaking of tlie new regula
tions, said tfi^l he \va.- under the impres
s.on that they are too severe and that
tlisy have a tendency to discourage men
who under other circumstances would be
come good, if not first-class, marksmen.
"What ought to be done, 11 said the inspec
tor, "is to encourage men tv become com
petent in the use of the rifles. Yon cer
t*in!y cannot encourage them if you tell
them that if they do not, at the State shoot
at I^oo yards score fifteen, they will be
barred from trying their skill at 30J yards
and, of course, that bars them from shoot
ing at the 500-yard range. When the rule
wi.s that a man mv t m.ake 60 to ■ mitle
him to a bar. if he only made 29 the first
time and made 3l the next time tie got
hi« bar and that encouraged him to try
and do better the next time, but under
the new rules if a man does not make the
requisite fifteen there is no use for him to
try again. That I believe will prove very
discouraging."
"Then ttiere is a regulation for skirmish
firing, but no provision is made for a
range, and at present," continued the in
spector, "1 know of no place where the
companies of San Francis-cu can indulge
in such practiceexcept at San Bruno. The
fctate has m.-ide no appropriation for such
a contingency and does not provide for
transportation. Now, the men do rot go
on such practice for their own pleasure,
bu for the benefit of the service, and it is
rathtr hard that they should be called
.upon for 80 cent-" each lor fare out of their
own pockets. It seems to me that the
State should prov.de transportation on
such occasions."
There are others in the guard who are
of the opinion that the new rules will be
v ry oppressive and will not accomplish
the desired results. They hold that bUch
■rules would uo in the regular army, but
they will not work satisfactorily in the
National guard for the reason that the
ii!»-n have not the same opportunities for
■rifle practice tiiot the men in the regular
service have.
For a lime there was quite an opposi
tion in the several companies of the guard
against any proposition to house all ihe
companies under one roof, but recently
a change ha* come over the guardsmen,
.and now there is a movement in almost
every company to agitate a movement for
a general armory in which the troop, trie
signal corp and the infantry could have
spacious and comfortable quarters.
On New Year's eve the members of
Companies C and G, Fimt Infantry, held
trx.-ir annual reunion at the St. Germain,
where they partook of a hue dinner, bid
the old year adieu and welcomed the new.
There were present a large membership
and a lew of the ex-members of the Na
tional-. Among these were Colonel Jerry
Moore, Lieutenant McMinn, Major Til
den, Captain Le Breton, Captain "Wood
ruff and Lieutenant Ruddock. Captain
Drum bell ot Company 0 was master of
ceremonies and during the evening offered
a number of toasts which were responded
to in a happy vein, and when the tin
horns were blowing and the bells ringing
in the glad new year, the soldier boys
parted, tilled with tfood resolutions for the
new year that had come.
The members of Company F, Captain
Wilier, held open house in the armory on
Ellis street on New Year's eve, and there
was a jolly lot of callers. As time grew the
reception resolved itself into a high jinks
and smoker, rfhd there was a merry time
for ali.under the siresbip of Captain Miller.
A good programme of mu^ic, song and elo
cution was presented and the various num-
Ders were warmly applauded.
During the second meeting this month,
of Companies C and G of the First Regi
ment the bars won at the state shoot, and
the prizes that were won at other shoots,
will be distributed 10 those entitled to
them.
Colonel Mac Donald, commanding the
First Infantry, will leave shortly for the
East, to be absent for a few weeks, and
duri-ng his absence the command will de
volve upon Lieutenant-Colonel Duboce.
A FIERCE URSA MINOR.
It Gets Liose and Terrorizes
the Trocadero Vegetable
Colony.
Noted Bear Hunters With Assorted-
S z*d Dfgs Beat the Jungles
in Vain.
Last night the vegetable garden colony
around Trocadero barricaded their doors
and lay in their bouses with bated
breath. Not a turnip was turned-up out
of the ground and not a cabbage-head
stirred from its natal bed, and all because
a fierce four-month-old bear— aa U rsus
furioso — was adrift on the hills.
Even the policemen, who, of course,
would not forsake their lamp-post where
the electric flam^ broke up the gloom for
a few feet around, showed a tendency to
take to the trees at the movement of every
shadow. It was a night of terror in large
type.
Last Saturday M. Schneider, a saloon
keeper near the Ingleside racetrack, ac
companied by several friends, went down
to the Trocadero for a visit, and took his
cub bear along. The juvenile cinnamon
is as jovial as a kitten, and lie highly
amused bis companions with his ar.tics
till the beer which they gave him made
him dull.
Then he was tied out in the backyard,
where the "steam" he had quaffed could
evaporate.
He evidently evaporated with if. lor
when Ernest Dolter, proprietor of the Troc
adero,went out to attend to his four-footed
guest the chewed end ot a rope was all that
indicated a bear had ever been there.
Then there was mounting in hot haste
and a chase through the gum-groves was
begun. All Saturday night they hunted
bear without success. Yesterday morning
the search was recommenced. All of the
ex-srizzly trappers, Indian fighters and
path-finders generally assembled at the
Trocadero and gave personal histories of
their adventures among the fierce carni
vera of the wilds.
They brought dogs of assorted sizes,
from the rat-terrier to the Great Dane,
more or less loaded for bear.
A policeman in citizen's dress — he left
his official gear at home, he said, fearing
that the cub would shy into the woods at
the sight of nis star — was bitten by a bull
terrier which somehow associated him witn
th° bear.
General James and Colonel Chad bourne
arrived, with the crowd and it looked as
though the days of liberty of that ursus
were numbered. General James had a
combination dog — a sort of composite ca- |
nine — that boasted of an ancestry of bear- I
killers running back to Noah's floating
menagerie. •
While the hunters were modestly di
lating on the prowess ot their respective
dogs the general's descendant of the bear
killers went out to snuff up a passing ac
quaintance with Dolter s pet coon, and
got his nose chewed off.
The agonizing yelps of the dog brought
out the whole company to his rescue, and
when the coon was persuaded to retire to
his corner the ceneral's pet took a bee
line for town, fiving off a howl at every
jump.
Colonel Chadbourne had a huge mastiff
that was not a tighter, he said, but could
track a gull through a fogbank. All that
was needed was to show the sa acious ani
mal something the bear had worn and that
dog would be off on the scent as unerring
as a bloodhound.
The only thine they could find was the
hole the cub had worn through the ru«tic
fence while wiggling Uirough to freedom,
but that was enough and the dog was
shown the place. He smelt of the locality
and then slunk under the house and no
persuasive calling could induce him to
leave his retreat.
All day the hunters beat up the jungle,
but no bear was found, and whpn their
flasks were dry they returned to Dolter'?,
satisfied that the bear had made his way
south and was well toward the Mexican
line.
County Official Changes.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 3.— There will
be very few changes in the county office?
to-morrow.
Sam P. Hall will assume the ermine va
cated by Judge Frick and Judge Greene
will succeed himself. J. W. Stetson will
enter the District Attorney's office a* a
deputy in place of Carl Greene and Pe
louze, Johnson and Baiiey, tbe retiring
Supervisors, will be succeeded by Mitchell,
Roeth and Wells. These will make some
c ranges in the patronage at their disposal,
but it is not great
Biff Strike nf Ohio Coal Sliner*.
MASSILON. Ohio, Jan. 3— The em
ployes of ail the mines in this district,
about 2000, have strncr on account of a re
duction in the price of pick mining from
61 cents to 51 cents per ton.
» 0 »
A Texas Congressman.
Hon. Miles Crowlev, the picturesque
Texas Reriresentative, "is only 34 years of
age, and prims in his biography that he
was chiel engineer of the Galveston fire
department for two terms. His popular
ity there is said to have given him the
political influence that sent him to the
State Legislature, first as a Representative,
then twice as a Senator an I afterward to
Congress. In the next Congress R. B.
Hawley, a Republican, will represent that
Texas district, tte only Republican from
that State. Crowley, by the way. is not a
native Texan. He haila from aristocratic
Boston, and recently Colonel William
Sterett and other people from the Lone
Star State have been advertising this fact.
Washington Post.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1897.
SHOOTING FOR
MUSKET HONORS
Great Preparations for the
Coming Inter- Republic
Match.
National Guardsmen Nearly
Reardy for Next Sunday's
Contest.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifh Club's
Excellent List of Prizss for
This Year.
The military marksmen predominated |
at the Shell Mound rifle range yesterday.
There was no regular company competi
tion on the tapis, but for all that the men
Fhot hard and carefully for the honors
that go with a place in the First Regi
ment team of 100 men *bo are to compete
with the Hawaiian national Guard for a
trophy.
This match will take place next Sunday.
The National Guard of California is to
suoot at Shell Mound and the islanders at
their range near Honolu'u. Each team
will have a representative at the other's
range, and the official scores will be ex
cnanged by the next steamers. Every
marksman is to shoot ten shots on the
200-yard range, off-hand, with the regula
tion musket.
Tbe First Regiment team was selected
Beveral weeks ago and since then the
majority have been practicing faithfully
to keep up their average. This was what
called so many across the bay yesterday.
TLe light and the absence ot' wind were
favorable for good shooting, but the cold
air numbed the fingers so sadly that tbe
mark-men were baaiy handicapped and
this may account for many of the poor
scores that were made.
Rifle Inspector L. Barrere had his bands
full looking after the men to see that the
best did all in their power to keep up the
average, as yesterday was the last day for
competition practice. To-day the selec
tion of tlie team will be made. At the
first selection the 115 highest were chosen,
100 for the team and fifteen for alternates. ,
Aside from tbe practice yesterday's com
petition was to select the regular team.
Every company of the First Regiment is
represented.
The scores made, ten shots, Bl^nt mili
tary target, were as follows:
Company A— Sergeant Leonard 40, J. Roger
son 40, J. Schmidt 39.
Company B— A. F'tz 41, Lieutenant A. F.
Raum 40, B. J. Wear 36, V. Demarias 33, W. H.
King 36, A. E. Apihi rpe 37, G. Sullivan 39, G.
Ingerman 43, G. He zgihii 33, E. C. Cordell
39, C. Perry 40, R. A Gibbs 35, X Barmen 41,
L. Zimmerman 39, \V. BaumgHrtner 41, Cor
poral R. L. Tovvnsend 37, H. French 45, Cor
porel G. Claussenlus 45, W. J. Hayes 40, T. A.
Hammerson 34, Stream H. Tyler 43, E. P.
Peppin 36, Proli 32, A. Gehret 44, J. Fuz 43, J.
Miller 35, Sergeant Clifford 37.
Company C— A. H. Kennedy 43, R. C. Dun
bar 29, H.J. MusgrMve 40, JJSillia 23, Sergeant
J. Row 35, C. F. AValtha a 44, F. P. Merer 42,
V. F. Northrop 39, O. T. Phelps 35. F. F. Car
sou 37, W. F. Unfred 39, Lieutenant C. E. Good
ell 41, J. Smithsou 40.
Company P (single)— J. C. Seajrrave 41.
Company E — Lieutenant Robinson 41, J.
Rslph 31, Captain Fiizpatrick 35.
Company F— Lieutenant F. A. Nlppert 39,
E. R. Holsten 42, Sergeant & Brown 42, Ser
geant C. I). Cook 44, sergeant Iverson 40, J.
Fitz?erald 37.
Company li— Serjeant W. L. Fenn 44, P. Bohr
43, W. W. Thompson 39, Sergeant T. J. Povey
45, rergeaiu R. J. Dowdall 31, Captain E. C.
Sutliffe4l, Corporal C. P. Hirst 41, Sergeant
A. E. Anderson 40, J. F. Norton 39, Corporal
C. E. Thompson 38, Sergeant W. B. Larkins 43,
D. A. Conroy 27, P. N. Diers 39.
Company H — T. F. Kellv 43, J. Furman 45,
J. Sarswell 39. Sergeant O'Brien 37, Sergeant
ilol;z 39, C. Atwater 43, Captain F. Warren
38, Eisner 36, Corporal Broderick 37, G. W.
Mitcht-H 36, Corporal A. E. Ehrenpfort 45.
Company I— Sergeant H. L<>menteyer 33, C.
G. Strippel 41. C. Otten 45, Sergeant M. J.
Sneehan 41, J. Kalsr.au 35, A. J.ilawnt 42,
Corporal W. Golly 40. Lieutenant W. Tobin
43, J. yon Starten 36, Lieutenant Huber 42, J.
Ringen44, F. Koch 44.
Company X— Paul Brunotte 43, E. F. Brat
teron 40, E. I>. Finley 40, F. de Bernard! 27, J.
A. Ross 41, Cap'ain T. J. Cunningham 44,
Lieutenant C. W. Seely 45, George W. Barley
42, P. S. Bauer 42.
Comnany L— F. J. Grundman 40, \V. G. Leff
man 38, Sergeant C. Gortzhain 34, Captain F.
J. Eggert 39.
Company M— Corporal B. Farnham 40, C. A.
Nelson 31, Sergeant Coffy 39, Corporal
SI a her 36.
Stuff lieutenants— L. Barrere 44, Lieutenant
K. Keiiriein 42.
The regular monthly shoot of the Inde
pendent Rifles was held on the same
range for the regular medals. The scores,
10 snots on the Blunt military target,
were as follows:
G. W. >Mitchell 38, W. Lindc-cker 25, H.
Fchlicfjimann 20, H. Staudi- 31. C. Andrew*
21, J. Staude Jr. 33, H. Hansen 14, C. Hilsz 32.
The Deut3cher Krieger Verein was the
only tine rifle-shooting club on the
trrounds. The class medals were won by
the lollowing sharpshooters and by the
annexed scores of twenty shots made on
the German '.'5-ring target:
Champion class— G. yon der Mehden, 398
rings; firs class, Blngel 318; second class, A.
Mohr 298; thTd class, Landschur 210.
Best lir.st shot, Charles Lindemami, 22 rings.
Best last shot, Kaiser 25. Most bullseyes,
Hetzel.
THE COLUMBIA CLUB.
Annual Election of Officers Held
and a New Shooting: Pro
trrrmme Arranged.
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
were held on Saturday evening at the
club's headquarters, 46 O'Farrell street.
The report of President Dr. L. O. Rodgers
showed that the organization is in a very
prosperous condition. During the past
year many new marksmen have been
added to the membership-roll. Secretary
F. O. Young's report showed that the
club's finances have increased far past ex
pectations, being double that of last year.
Dr. Rodgers was re-elected as the presi
dent and F. O. Young as secretary. M. J.
White was elected as vice-president and
Ed Hovey, who has been vice-president
for tne past three years, was elected as
sistant secretary. A. B. Dorrell was elected
as the chief rangemaster, to superv.se all
matters on the rifle and pistol ranges, and
the former assistant secretary, J. E. Gor
man, was selected as the assistant chief
rangemaster.
F. H. Bushnell presented a beautiful
and valuable gold medal for the all
comers' re-entry match. Gordon Bianding
made a similar offer for tbe all-comers'
re-entry pistol match. W. Glinuemann
presented tbe military musket medal.
Captain L. Siebe of Shell Mound present
ed the all-round medal for the best scores
of tbe year on the rifle, musket and pistol.
Howard Carr presented the all-comers'
revolver medal. F. O. Young presented
the 10-shot rifle record medal. All of the
donors are members of the club.
The following programme of matches
for the year was adopted :
Class "medals for members only, rifle 200
yards, 10 shots, champion, first and second
class medals. Pistol, 50 yards, champion,
first and second class medals.
All comers, re-entry matches, rifle 200
yards. Bushneil medal, three snot
scores, best ten scores. Club to add five
cash prizes to be distributed in July.
Giindemann military medal, ten shot
scores, best ten scores to win. Club adds
three cash prizes to be distributed in July.
Young ten-shot nfle record medal, best
single score of the year. Siebe all-round
medal for best scores on rifle, pistol and
musket. Blanding pistol medal, three shot
scores, best ten scores to win. Club atlas
five cash prizes to be distributed m July.
Carr revolver medal, six shots,
scores. Club to add three cash prizes, to
be distributed in July. Ladies' 22-caliber
match, gold, silver and bronze medals for
three best scores. Cash prizes for Hags
(shots striking in the inch centers) will be
given monthly on the Bnsiinell, Glinde
niann, B'andliig, Carr and Young medals.
The club's openins shoot for 1897 will be
held on tho Shell Mound range next Sun
day. In order to accommodate the in
creased number of marksmen it was de
rided to open two more targets on tbe pis
tol and rifle ranges.
AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
Several German Rifle Clubs Hold
Their Initial Shoot This Year.
There was a large attendance at Schuet
zen Park yesterday afternoon in honor of
the opening shoots of the new year.
Among the clubs most liberally repre
sented were tho California Schuetzen
Club, the Verein Einiracht and the San
Francisco Grutli Verein. The first-named
and tbe Eintracbt held their initial
monthly mecral shoot for the new year
and the Grutli signalized the occasion by
both a bullseye competition and a medal
shoot.
The principal winners in the monthly
medal shoot of the California Schnetzen
Club were as follows: First champion
class, first class — C. Thierbach, 421 rings ;
second cass —D. W. Mclaughlin, 415.
Second champion class, first class — J.
Utschig Jr., 411; second class — Robinson,
309. First class, first— Otto Bremer, 435;
second— P. Brunotti, 413.
COLLEGE THEORY
OR HARD REALITY
Professor Ross of Stanford
Tells the Socialists of
Enjoyments.
His Audience, However, Look More
to the Cold, Practical Features
of the Cise.
One of the largest hails in Pythian
Castle, 909>£ Market street, was filled to
the doors last evening, ihe occasion being
a meeting of the American brancti of the
Socialist Labor party, at which Professor
Edward W. Ross of Leland Stanford Uni
versity v.as the principal speaker. Wil
liam Costley presided, and Oiiva Everett
and George Aspden gave recitations and
readings.
Professor Ross, who is the instructor in
economics at the university, took for his
subject, "Evolution of Enjoyment." He
held up the idea that the people of to-day
have the means of enjoying themselves
more than the ancients, and that the
present situation has, indeed, a more
cheerful outlook than in the past.
The tall professor said that the present
trend of pleasure is more esthetic and
beautiful tnan in the past and is looking
more to the spiritual than to the sensual.
To illustrate his point he called attention
to the bioody amusements of Rome and to
the pleasures of the barbarous tribes
whose greatest enjoyment is eating and
drinking to excess and idling away their
time.
The tendency of modern civilization, he
continued, is to the better. Instead of
brutal sports we have a greater appre
ciation for music, literature, scenery,
picture galleries. Gladiatorial battles
have given way to football, lawn tennis
and tug-of-war matches. People are more
social and enjoy music recitals, lecture?,
etc., while formerly their enjoyment was
selfish, the greatest pleasure being possess
ion of wealth and a display of tine raiment
and houses.
Professor Ross contended that pleasure
is b coming cheaper than formerly. Once
it was rated as a great thing tQ have and
r»de in a carriage. Now hundreds own
buggies and this shows that the caste
lines are not so severely drawn. The less
wealthy can enjoy some of the pleasures
of tneir wealthier brothers. In fact democ
racy permits a closer approach of the
yarous classes to each other.
The very demand for things out of the
reach of the poorer classes brings to them
cheaper articles of the desired kind,
and the distribution is much larger and
I the means of enjoyment are thus in-
I creased.
According to the custom at these meet
ings, tbose in the audience are permitted
to ask questions and make brief addresses
on the subject under consideration.
The questions asked and remarks made
by a number of socialists showed a wide
difference between the Stanford profess
or's theories and the work-a-day laborer's
exneriences. One of the latter began by
asking now the thousands of over-worked
laborers can enjoy the cstnetic pleasures
of music, picture gallerie3, carriages and
literature spoken of by Professor Ross.
When a man labors like a slave from
e.ght to sixteen hours a day for just
enough to keep bo<!y and soul together he
is well satisfied 10 sleep, in order to be
prepared for the next day's toil.
"Out on the hill* near here," he re
sumed, "are hundreds of men in a grad
ing camp, wording from sunrise to sunset.
In their boarding-house the tin plates are
nailed to the 1 1 hie, and the knives and
forks are fastened witn chains. The dish
washer washes the dishes by turning a
stream from a hose on the table instead of
applying hot water and soap.
"How can men working under such cir
cumstances be expected to appreciate en
joyment, evolutea or otherwise? Car
riages, book?, literature, music or art gal
leries are closed to them. Moreover t.e
cheap editions mentioned are the result of
cheap labor, the cheap garments arc the
product of the sweat-shops, and cheap car
riages represent underpaid iabor."
Professor Ross suggested that if these
would keep out of saloons and buy less
beer their condition might not be so bad,
to which another socialist answered that
the mote a man saved even ©n beer the
more he would have to contribute to the
capitalist, who is ever ready, upon seeing
evidence of thrift upon the part of the
laboring classe?, to cut wages.
It is no wonder that the workingman
seek* to stupe ly his brain with drink and
to drown his cares and fears. It is to alter
this condition of affairs and so place the
laboring man socially and otherwise that
he will have confidence in himself and in
the future that socialism is striving.
A Great Shot.
The Duke of Ma akhoff was at a battue
at Sirathtieldsay and shut nothing, much
to his disgust, and when the day was over
it appealed that he would be extremely
put out unless be was allowed or enabled
to kill something. So, in spite of all the
gamekeeper could think, feel op say, a
pheasant was procured, tied by its leg to
tLie top of a post, and Malakhoff was put
some thirty yards off with a double-bar
reled Kun. It was ju prosed that he would
thereupon and thence take two shots
at the bird. Not a bit of it; he loaded
both barrels, walked close up to the pheas
ant, put the muzz c close to him and dis
charged both barrels into him, with "He!
coquin." The next day the Duke of Wel
lington told the keeper that Malaklu ff
was a great man, who had smoked to death
50 Arab men, women and children in a
cave; to which the gamekeeper replied:
"Like enough, your Grace; he'd be capa
ble of anything."— Letters of Lord Black
ford.
JOSEPH MURPHY
HAS LA GRIPPE
The Irish Comedian Con
fined to Bed at the
Occidental.
All His Company Coughing and
Sneezing — Result of a
Northern Tour.
The Star Hcpes to Bj Able to Ga On
With the Performance To-Night.
Disappointed Portland.
Joseph Murphy, the Irigh character
actor, arrived with his company from the
North yesterday morning and Mr. Mur
phy himself went directly to bed at the
Occidental and remains there. He is suf
fering from a severe attack of grip, con
tracted at Spokane, Wash., and it is very
doubtful if he will be able to go on the
stage to-night. He is attended by Dr.
Luke Robinson, who thinks' it possible
tljat he may be in condition to meet bis
engagement at the Columbia, but is by no
means certain about it. The company
had to cut Portland out of tneir itinerary
on account of the star's illness when they
readied that city.
They were Dilied for two nights and a
matinee tbere after their date at Tacoma,
but, "although the manager kicked," said
Mr. Sheehan, a member of the company,
"they had only to look at Joe, and they
threw up their hands."
The whole company is coughing and
wheezing as the result of their run through
the Northwest, but Mr. Murphy has it
bad, and for a little time was supposed to
be in a rather critical condition. How
ever, that is passed, and it is deemed a
matter of a few days only when he will be
himself again.
"We came out over the Northern
Pacific," said Mr. Murphy last evening
between wheeziag and coughing. "All
through Dakota and Montana the ther
mometer was away down, cold as blazes,
but everybody feeling fine, we playing the
big houses. When we crossed the Rockies,
however, and got down to Spokane, we
found the people suffering from a phe
nomenon in the maiter of weather— a
dark, thick fog, through which you
couldn't see across the street. In the
midst of it there was a sort of drizzling
rain. It hung over the ciiy all the while
we were there and they said it had
occurred nightly fur a week previous to
our arrival— a thing never seen there
before. Well, I began roughing and grew
worse right along until I had lo give up at
Portland.
"I regretted that exceedingly. " he con
tinued. "I had been anticipating with
pleasure appearine in that city, for it was
in Portland that I made my hrst appear
ance as a star thirtv-tbree years a.ao. I
have nevjr been there since. It is not
hard to under-taud, therefore, what in
terest I felt in appearing there at this
time. My»appearance there was in a play
called 'Born to Good Luck.' and I may
say that from that time to date — this date
excepted, uerhaps — I have never had
anything but good luck. In all these
years of uninterrupted touring the coun
try I have never missed an engagement
until that at I'ortland, the return to ivy
starting point."
"Yes, sir," remarked W. T. Sheehan, as
his chiet paused to cough a while, "I have
been % ith Joe for eleven years, and in that
time notwithstanding all the storms and
floods and accidents by water and rail that
people constantly on the road must meet,
we have never until now failed to keep
our dates. It is rather remarkable, come
to think of it."
"Yes, I am essentially a San Fran
ciscan," said Murphy in answer to the
question. "I came here in 1852. No, I
wasn't on the stage then; I was a mere
roustabout. I went to the stage in variety
and burnt cork business at Gilbert's Melo
deon and the Bella Union. I was with
Burbank & Backus' Minstrels at Maguire's
Opera- bouse, then on Washington street,
near Montgomery.
"I rttny say that it was The Call that
led me into Irish character lines. A bene
fit was given to old Billy Chapman at the
New Idea, and in a play called 'Irish As
surance and Yankee Modesty' I took the
Irish character and Caroline Chapman
the opposite part. The next morning,
entirely unsolicited and unexpected. The
Call gave me a column, advising me to
give over the burnt-cork business and go
in for Irish character parts. I took the
advice to heart, began to look about for a
play and determined to try my luck a* a
star in 'Born to Good Luck.' My success
was such that I went right along from
that lime.
"The play in which I have succeeded
beat is 'Kerry Go «•.' I have played it con
stantly for iwenty-three years. No other
play has such a record. And the wonder
of it is that it is as popular to-day in all
the large cities as it ever was. We have
just come from Chicago, where the
orchestra had to be put under the stage.
Packed to the doors nieht after night. It
is so in all the lanre cities, from Boston to'
Cincinnati ana Philadelphia and Pitts
burg to St. Paul. 'Shaun Rhne' is not so
oil by but two years, and remains equally
long-livei and popular."
Mrs. Murphy did not take the northern
route, butcaruo here direct a month a o,
and tins been at the Occidental awaiting
her husband's arrival, and since then has
been his attentive iinrse.
A CURIOUS CASE.
Forgnry Committed for the Saka of
Practicing; Joke*.
Lacaussade. the amiable septuagenarian
in charge of the library of the Senate, ssys
a Paris correspondent, whose alleged mar
riage was lately announced by a hoaxer,
has a long list ot grievances against the
mysterious person who continues to trou
ble h;s tranquility. The tormentor, who
can copy the style and the handwriting of
M. Lacnussade, recently made the latter a
candidate for academical Honors. The
librarian hap, in fact, written a volume of
verse, and haß translated the works of
the Italian poet nn.l pessimist, Leopardi.
On another occasion the hoaxer wrote to a
Milan publisher, asking him to send to
M. Laraus-ade all the books in Italian
about Leopardi's life and works. *
The volumes duly arrived at the Senate,,
and were followed some days afterward by
1000 kilos of anthracite coal from the gas
company, a grand piano from a boulevard
music-shon, a dinner for Bevrral guests
Irom a noted cook's, two dozen of type
writers for the Senate and heaps of miscel
laneous articles from business firms. The
librarian had a L-oott deal of trouble in per
suading the tradesmen who forwarded
him the goods that he had never ordered
them. The hoaxer also sent some verses
in M. Lacaiissaile's name to a leading re
view, in which they were inserted. The
tormentor will now probably remain
quiet for a time, as strict investigations
are being made for the purpose of dis
covering hi-i personality. M. Lsicaussade
Das made a collection of ali the letters
sent to people i.. his name by the joke
monger, who, he believes, is attached in
some capacity to the Senate.
TO CI'HK A U)l,li IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money if It faila to cure. Sdc.
- . .^^-^_ NEW TO-DAT.
f / \lfl M mil iMj *
/ S B II Ssßn \i\
l( m SHKkh raßßwEßpy \\
B» ■KSjl \ Be %
1 1I a I mtmHl \ V,
Itr SlUil \ »■
\ I ESS ¥ i \ irS v\
1 1 H ' Bl \ ißGmw V^
Broken
Prices
on
Broken
Lots
of
All-Wool Suits
i Our Annual Stock-Taking shows that we
I have a great number of fine Wool Suits
I ■in broken lots (that is, not complete sizes).
i As we must make immediate room for new
I stock, we offer these Suits for less than the .
i' wholesale cost.
I Single and Double Breasted Sack Suits
I $5,00 and $7.50
I OJhUU dllU QIIIJU
I Worth every cent of $9 and $13. Fine for
/I business and street wear, and good enough .
for Sunday.
I Three-button Cutaway Frock and Sack
Suits
SB.OO and $10.00
I. Worth $15 and $26. Fine evening suits, \
latest styles, rightly tailored. : :
These Suits are every one of them all
, wool ; Worsteds, Cheviuts, Cassimeres and
Tweeds ; handsome plaids .pin head checks,
brown, gray and wood color effects. Strong
fabrics, warranted not to fade. Handsomely \
■■■ tailored, thoroughly well made. All silk
sewed. | ,
Fine Overcoats, $5. and $7.50, worth $9
and $13. High Grade Overcoats, $8 and $10, •
, worth $15 and $20. Latest colorings, fash- )
ionably cut.
: ; ( Guaranteed and kept in repair . one year
! free.
S.N.WOOD&CO.
j (Columbian Woolen Ills), •
§ 541 Market Street, and
I Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts.
iMM—i mm ■m m l ■■
NOTARY PUBLIC;
rTHARI>ESH. PHILLIPS. AT TOKNET-ATW
\J Law and Notary Public, 63S Martcet St., oppn»
lite Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Kesldtac* iUt >
>'«a auctb X«lepkOD9 - g IM " i6Bl.
56
MONDAY JANUARY 4, 1>97
CHARLES M. SHOKIRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Posta^e Free:
Daily nnd Sundiiy Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday CalU one year, by mail 6.00
Daily find Sunday Cam,, six months, byinr.!!.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mail .50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .t>s
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
V> jllkly Call, one year, by icatl 1-60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Fan ■Tuni is<(», California.
Jelerbone Maln-1808
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 lay Street.
Sf.'erbon* Maln-1874
■i «
BRANCH OFFICES:
r r 7 rr 6 nt|roniery tireet, turner clay; open twtii
I -.'( o'clock.
!!PH ayes rtreet: open until 9:30 o'cloc*.
r .M larkia street: open until 9:30 o'cloolt
kV .corner BUieenui uuU Aliaalou atrueu; open
I Mil I c clock.
Uifc iiJs&ion street: op«>n nntll P o'eloclc
it 7 iwiiiii tueet ; open until 9 o'cloCK.
■ *>kOM »ireet, open till 9 o'ewcu.
P OAKLAND OFFICE
r, -; r ; fcOb Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
r.ooms <n find 32, S4 Park Row, New Vortc City.
PA Vir> M. FOLTZ. Kastern Manager.
IHL CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL. ~~
Now for politics.
Kverybody has an eye on Sacramento.
A seat in the Cabinet for California is
in sight and almost in reach.
The Senate has now its last opportunity
to lock horns with Cleveland and do
him ud.
There are abundant signs that we are to
have a new era in politics as well as in
business.
It is said that over 18,000 deer have
been killed in the woods of Maine »thi«
year, but it took more than 50,000 hunters
to do it.
At last we get the welcome news that
Tom Watson has decided to retire from
politics. The new era is evidently dawn
ing everywhere.
Some of the Senators may have been
recreating themselves during the holidays,
but most of them were undoubtedly writ
{ng speeches on Cuba.
Jhe coercion of the Sultan will con
tinue to be the biggest drama on the Eu
ropean stage this winter, but whether it
will be a farce or a tragedy remains to be
seen.
If the Cubans and Spaniards are left
alone much longer there wqu'i bn a man
en the island and the women will be ad
vertising to swap sugar plantations for
husbands.
If California gains a representative in
the Cabinet and sends to the Senate a
stanch, stalwart, brainy Republican she
will have a prestige at Washington sec
ond to none of her sister States.
There is a great deal of work awaiting
the law-maker 3 at Sacramento, and for
tunately among the legislators Ihere are
many men who can be counted on to at
tend to it faithfully and do it rightly.
In Cambridge, Mass., there are no sa
loons licensed and yet the police during
ttie past year arrested over 1500 persons
for drunkenness. It will take a Harvard
graduate to explain the logic of the situ
ation.
The call for a mothers' congress, to be
held at Washington, has been met by a
counter call for a fathers' congress. The
next step in this development will De a
boyf' congress after the old folks have ad
journed.
From the work achieved last year the
Merchants' Association can draw abund
ant confidence for the prosecution of the
work which ia to come. It has now
proven its usefulness and will have plenty
of people to help it.
A St. Louis Judge recently declared
from the bench that there has not been
in that city in ten years a policeman who
had ever seen anything, and now the
force has resolved to see him the next
time he runs for office.
A wild goose recenty joined the flock
kept by the city on a lake in Garfield Park
in Chicago, and now the city authorities
are in doubt whether to run him off as a
vagrant or put him in the census as
another settler from St. Louis.
According to the New Yortf Sun Con
gresj. should recognize the independence
of Cuua at once and then discuss after
ward whether it has a constitutional
right to do so, and it mu«t be admitted
that the plan has the merit of enterprise.
The Supreme Court of Missouri has
just decided that a clause in the charter of
Kansas City imposing a penalty upon
every qualified voter who fails to vote at
a general e.ection is unconstitutional — so
another reform scheme goes a-glimmering.
Among the biils presented to this Con
gress js one appropriating $5000 to be ex
pended by the Library Committee to
"extend aid to the stage and assist the
uselulness of the theater as an educator,"
so at last there is hope of a reward for the
heavy villain.
The McKinley Cabinet according to re
ports :s far more my:-ter'ous than any
cabinet ever seen at a spiritualistic seance.
The facility with which it is at one time
shown to be full of dignitaries and the
next moment empty beats anything Herr
mann evar did.
Henry Watterson says that after retir
. ing from the Presidency Cleveland should
sit quietly '"liKe a statue of liaddha with
folded hands contemplating the pit of his
stomach," but in this Mr. Watterson has
clearly overlooked the fact that Grover
has a much bigger pit than that to con
template.
It is said that the basis of all our rela
tion-with Spain is an oid treaty ratified
in 1795. It has beer. addeJ to from time
to time by protocols, conventions, etc.,
but the origftiai remains as the main
treaty, and it is said to be so antiquated
that tbe State Department of neither
country understands it.
The fact that thi3- country, after an
existence of more than a century, has not
yet cecided whether the President or
Congress has the decisive voice in recog
nizing the independence of a foreign
State shows hew easy it is for millions of
intelligent people to live under a written
constitution without knowing what it
means.
THE STATE LEGISLATOR
The State Legislature will be called to
order to-day for ths work of its thirty
second session by the selection of its offi
cers, the appointment o*f its committees
and the introduction of its first batch of
bills.
That the present session of the Legisla
ture will be one of the most important in
the recent history of California no one
who has examined a list of its members
or considered its already outlined duties
can possess a doubt. From every section
of the State have been gathered its best
qualified and most popular ,'citizens to
form the present Legislature. They have
been elected as the result of a campaign
in the close contests cf which only men of
merit could win.
The present Legislature, therefore, not
only represents in a peculiar sense the
peode of California, but is also to an un
usual degree the possessor of their confi
dence. The quality of its constituent
membership is an assurance that this con
fidence will be neither disappointed nor
abused and that the present Legislature
will, during the next sixty days, distin
guish itself by faithful, honest work well
and intelligently performed.
The first and one of the most important
functions of this Legislature will be the
election of a United States Senator who
shall serve the people of California and
of the Nation at Washington during the
next six years. The political complexion
of the Legislature is an assurance that
the selected Senator will be a Republican.
The quality of the Republican memters
of the Legislature is a furtfcer assurance
that the choice of a Senator will be made
with care and tnat the gentleman upon
whom that high honor may fall will, in
the eminence of his character and abilities,
in his unselfish devotion to the cause of
Republicanism, in his high aspirations
to serve California and all her people, be a
Senator of whom our Co.mmon wealth, with
out regard to party, shall have increasing
reason to be proud.
While the work of choosing a Senator is
progressing the other important duties of
the Legislature will get under way. The
reference of the work of the Code Commis
sion to the proper committees, the intro
duction of bills aimed at such an amend
ment of the irrigation laws as shall
cause them to give general satisfac
tion, the consideration of measures affect
ing the Railroad Commission and made
necessary in view of the recent decision
of the Federal court, the passage of laws
in the interests of the mining industry,
the formulation of a statute placing the
insane asylums of the State under the
control of a commission, and the probable
reorganization of the judicial system of
California, in order that the wheels of
justice may be accelerated, are among
the many matters which will occupy the
attentio" of the Legislature. With all
of these measures and with the many
others which will arise during the session,
the Senate and Assembly has each men
of ample power and character to honestly
and ably deal. The people of California
may therefore rest assured tnat the pres
ent legislative session will bs a credit to
the State in the extent of its service and
in the honesty and ability with which its
important and grave duties will be dis
charged.
We feel confident that each and all of
the members of both Houses will be at
tached to the sublime truth, expressed by
the immortal words of Abraham Lincoln,
that this is "a government of the people,
by the people and for the people."
THE MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
The Merchants' Association Review for
January gives an altogether too brief re
view of the important work accomplished
by the association during the past year.
We can well understand that the members
of the organization prefer to let others ex
alt the good deeds it has achieved, but at
the same time the Review would have ren
dered a service to the City if it had set
forth an elaborate statement of the work
of the year as an illustration of what can
be done for the general good by the united
efforts of public-spirited men.
The counsel embodied in the words "Let
your light shine before men" has its va.ue
in civic affairs as well as in those of the
church. The Call and other papers of
the City nave given daily an account of the
progressive improvements made by the as
sociation and lostered by its influence, but
that does not fulfill ail that could be done
to make the work known by a complete
summary of it. Such a summary it would
not be brageing too much for the Review
to make, and certainly the record would
be one of winch all citizens could be proud.
A bare intimation of the more import
ant work accomplished by the association
can be gained from the brief paragraph in
which it is summed up. The lieview says:'
Three years ago the Merchants' Association
inaugurated a plan of keeping the streets
clean; now, that system has come to stay.
Eighteen months ago the association decioed
upon better lighting for our thoroughfares;
now, each artery vies with the other in
tha number of brilliant arc lights. A year
ego the Merchants' Association secured
bitumiuous pavement on Kearny street and
started the agitation for repaying many cob
bled blocks; now, both the City and property
owners have determined upon smooth modern
pavements and the cobble will soon be a muse
um curiosity. • * * Since the birth of the
Merchants' Association in 1894, twenty-five
district improvement clubs and fifteen street
improvement associations have been createa.
It is gratifying to learn that an im
proved sewer system is regarded by the
association as the next problem to solve.
We thoroughly agree with the Review that
"with its solution will come untold bless
ings to this metropolis." The worn is in
deed one of pressing nrzency and no time
should be Jost in setting about the task of
accomplishing it. From the past successes
of the association we can draw good augu
ries of success in this enterprise also and
will look for its beginning with hope and
confidence.
With such proofs before them of the
usefulness of the association, no progress
ive citizen should require urging to join
the organization and assist in its further
labors. It should be regarded as a privi
lege to be a member of so important a
civic body. Let all who have the Interests
of the City at heart co-operate wiih the
association and it will havo sufficient
strength to achieve so much in the way of
municipal improvement that all hitherto
done will be accounted as but a begin
ning.
THE BRUSSELS EXPOSITION.
Among the more important enterprises
which will engage the attention of ourjpro
gressive men during the present year will
be that of providing lor an adequate rep
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 189 T.
resentation of the industries of California
ai the Brussels Exposition, which opens
this spring. Preparations for making the
display are of course already Well ad
vanced by the State Board of Trade, and
hearty co-operation should be given by all
who have the means to do so.
The trade of Belgium is well worth bid
ding for, even if the entrance of our good 3
into her markets ended there and did not
lead to an acquaintance with them and a
demand for them elsewhere. A statement
recently made by the United State 3 Com
missioners for the exposition makes that
much plain. Accoming to that statement
the exports and imports of Belgium for
1595 are shown by statistics to have been
of a value exceeding $1,0(54,000,000. This
includes merchandise in triinsitanil proves
the important place held by Belgium as a
commercial entrance to Europe.
The value of foreign goods consumed by
Belgium during the year amounted to
$324,317,200. Of the total trade of the
country the United States has less than 8
per cent, and this notwithstanding; the
fact that Belgium's leading imports —
grams, raw textiles, building woods, etc. —
sre products that the United States is es
pecially well able to supply.
The importance of maKing a good ex
hibit is strengthened by the fact that our
trade with Belgium has actually dimin
ished of late. There has been a heavy
falling off in Belgium purchases from this
country of Hour, cotton and living ani
mals. The exposition offers us an oppor
tunity to recover the trade which has
been lost, and also to extend that of
canned goods of aJI kinds, dried fruits and
wines.
The Commissioners point out that the
conservativism of European p oples is such
that we can obtain their trade only by
carrying our goods to their country and
showing them under favorable conditions.
International expositions offer the best of
opportunities for doing that, and the one
which is to be held at Brussels is there
fore a cbance which no part of the United
States, and particulary California, can
afford to lose.
THE VICTOEIAN EEA.
Among the features of ti<e celebrations
to be held in Great Britain this year in
honor of the longest reign in British
annals, that which will have most interest
to the world at large is the proposed "Vic
torian age exhibition," which is designed
to make v display of the world's pro ress
during the period of the reign of the
present Queen.
To make the exhibition more impress
ive, it is the intention to establish in every
industry a series of contrasts between the
products of that industry at the time of
Victoria's accession and the products of
the present day. In every portion of the
exposition, therefore, there will be shown
the old wny and the new. The visitor will
see how the world lived in 1837, as well as
how it lives In 1897. Such an exhibition
will be instructive as well as interesting,
and will unquestionably be the most im
portant feature of the celebrations for the
year.
The exhibition 13 to be divided into
ek'ht sections— line arts, historical and
commemorative, dramn, music, economic,
5c entilif, commercial and industrial, and
woman's work. The last department of
the exhibit will be in itself an evidence of
how much the world has changed since
Victoria came to the throne. It would
burdly have entered the bemads of the
directors of any kind of an exhibition in
1837 to give recognition to women to any
thing like the extent of providing a
special department for the display of
their accomplishments.
It will be intfresiing to see in which of
these various sections the contract exhib
i;ed between the old and the new will be
most striking. It is not likely that in art,
drama and music much advance will be
shown, but in the depar'ments of science,
industry, econom a and commerce there
will be displayed an advance which will
amount to a veritable revolution. Unless
the connecting links between the old and
the new are displayed in the exposition, it
will seem to the observer as if a new race
of men instead of a new generation had
come into the world within the last sixty
years.
The developments of recent progress
are such that it is time for our historians
to make a new division of the world's his
tory. The old distinctions into ancient
times, the middle ages and modern times
no longer Buifices. The change between
the condition of the world to-day and that
of sixty years ago is greater than the
change which occurred in the sixteenth
century and separated what is called
modern from medieval times. The world
has been completely revolutionized men
tally, morally, politically and industrially.
The Napoleonic era marks a red dividing
line between our time and those which
preceded it and the accomplishments of
the Victorian era have carried us into an
environment so widely different that we
live in what is almost altogether a new
world.
COAST EXCHANGES.
C. W. Hainan has disposed of his interest in
the Santa Clara Journal to his partner, N. H.
Downing. The Journal is a well-managed,
conservative newspaper and ia an index to the
prosperous condition of one of the most beau
tiful towns ot the State.
A year ago Editor Montgomery of the An
tioch Ledger reduced the price of his paper
from $2 50 to $1 50 per annum. He has now
shoved the price batik to the former figure,
and this leads the Martinez Kews to remark
that "any well-conducted country newspaper
is well worth $2 50 and cannot be published
for less."
Editor Falrweather of the Reedley Exponent
is an example of the desirable kiud of a citi
zen in any community that values progress.
He has started a subscription list for the pur
pose of helning to pay for the rights of way
for the -Valley road. He has the genuine push,
energy and enterprise that augur Buccess in
his undertakings.
The Monterey Cypress is now in its ninth
year. It is a newspaper that reflects credit on
its proprietors and editors and on tbe com
munity, which finds excellent reasons for ac
cording it a nearly support.
The Colton News hag suspended publication,
leaving the field to the Colton Chronicle, which
contends that one good paper is about all the
business people of that town feel called upon
to maintain.
Georjje S. Nixon, editor ot the Winnemucca
{'Sev.y Silver State, has announced himself as a
candidate for United States Senator to suc
ceed Senator John P. Jones of Nevada.
The Trucltee Republican has changed hands,
W. P. Calfcim retiring from the editorial man
agement and being succeeded by F. M. Ruther
ford, principal of the Truckee public schools,
and C. 11. Ryan, c. printer.
The midwinter edition of the Suburban Quar
terly Journal, published by A. 11. ShirK of Sau
Leandro, makes an exceedingly neat appear
ance. It is the official organ of the United
Artisans, and is devoted to current literature,
science, natural iiistory aad general informa
tion. It is printed on book paper, has a col
ored cover and is filled witn instructive and
entertaining reading matter.
The Parish Itcra'd, of which Hugh Murphy
is editor and Frank P. Scully manager, issued
a very creditable holiday edition. It is pub
lished monthly in this City and began its
second volume on Christmas day.
The people of Newman have something to ba
proud of in the holiday number of the Tribune
of that place. It is a veritable magazine, re
plete with fine features and containing a
multitude of facts concerning Newman and
vicinity that will be of great value in an
advertising sense. It certainly should attract
the attention of people in less favored countries
to the desirability of Newman as a place of
homes, good climate and varied resources.
The Selma Irrigator has ceased to issue a
daily edition, and its readers will have to con
tent themselves with a weekly visitation of
the paper until such time as the daily can be
profitably resumed.
NEWS OF i-OhE Gtf NAVIES.
The British torpedo-boat destroyer Thrasher
attaiued a mean speed of 30.36 knots during a
three hours' trial on December 1.
The armor for the three new battle-ships of
the Canopseo class, to be begun e*ny this
year for the British nuvy, will consist of
nickel steel instead of Harveyized steel. The
aimor-bett will be 6 inches thick, 18 feet deep
and 250 feet in length.
Tne Proeerpine, British cruiser of 2135
tons, the keel of which was laid March 2,
1896, was launched December 5 at the Sheer
ness dockyard. The Gladiator of 5800 tons,
begun at the Portsmouth yard January 27,
1896, was launched December" B, und will be
ready for sea in liiteen months hence.
Holland is about to reorganize and greatly
increase its navy. The sum ol $33,750,000 is
to be expended for the construction of the fol
lowing classes of vessels: Twelve protected
cruisers of 23-knot speed, six armored vessels
of 3400 toi.s, fifteen gunboats, six monitors,
fifteen torpedo-boat destroyers and sixteen tor
pedo-boats.
A floating dock for Havana is being built In
England. It will be 450 leet iv length, 82
feet wide and allow a draught of 27 feet 6
inches and will be capable of lifting 10,000
tons dead weight in two and a half hours.
The structure isof steel and is to be completed
iv eleven months at a cost of $575,000, when it
will be towed to its destination.
Lord BeresforO's proposition to rearm some
of the older armored ship 6 in the navy, which
still carry muzzle-loading guns, is meeting
with favor from the British Admiralty. There
are six turret ships and ten central battery
ships carrying batteries of muzzle-loading
guns, ranging from 16 inches down to 8 inches,
which, with modern ordnance, can be made
very effective ships.
The naval expenditures of France, Russia
and England, In proportion to their tonnage
of shipping, are $45 per ton for r ranee, $60
for Russia and only $7 50 for England. This
comparatively insignificant outlay on the
British navy forms the basis of demand for
greater outlay on the navy by her statesmen,
who believe that in a struggle England will
be saved by her navy rather than by coalition
with foreign powers.
The estimated cost of the several classes of
ships for the navy of Holland is as follows:
Cruisers of 3900 tons and 23 knots speed,
$1,288,500; ar:ftored coast defense vesaei,
3400 ions and 20-knot speed, $1,528,800 ; gun
boats of 475 tons, $147,000; monitors of 1500
tons, $764,400 ; monitors of 1400 tons, $537,
--000; torpedt-boat destroyers, 130 tons and 30
--knot, $193,000; torpedo-boats, 23 knots, $71,
--400; torpedo-boats of 16 knots, $125,200.
The Amazones, a cruiser built lor the Brazil
ian navy, wag launched December 4 from the
Elswick yard. Sht is oi 3450 tons displace
ment, 7500 horsepower and is expected to
make a speed of 20J-4 knots. The dimensions
are: 330 feet iv length, 43 feet 9 inches beam
and 16 feet 10 inches mean draught. The
armament consists of six 6-inch, four 4.9
--inch, ail quick- firing guns, and ten 6-pounder.
und four 1-poundars. The coal-carrying ca
pacity is 700 tons, and, like the majority of
vessels in the Brazilian navy, the Amazones'
hull is sheathed with wood and coppered.
PERSONAL.
George G. SlebeU, U. 8. N., is at the Palace.
Paul E. Walker of Stanford is at the Palace.
Edward S. Boil, a Napa attorney, is at the
Lick.
G. W. Tavener of Lovelocks, Nev., is at the
Russ.
T. H. Jenkins, mining expert, London, is at
the Russ.
Judge E. V. Spencer of Lassen County is at
the Russ.
J. D. Carr, the capitalist, of Salinas fs at the
Occidental.
Peter lvancovitch, merchant, of Hanford. is
at the Russ.
Samuel M. Robins of British Columbia is a
guest at the Palace.
J. Gordon, a mine-owner from Zacatecas,
Mexico, is at the Palace.
W. H. Hatton, an attorney of Modesto, is
a late arrival at the Lick.
G. G. Radcliff of Watsonville is at the Grand
on his way to Sacramento.
Judge S. K. Dougherty of Santa Rosa regis
tered at the Grand last night.
\V. F. Prisk, a newspaper man of Grass Val
ley, is visiting at the Occidental.
N. E. de Yoe, a merchant of Modesto, is
among the late arrivals at the Lick.
J. F. Clappof Chicago, who is interested in
mines in this State, is at the Grand.
E. W. Runyon, a capitalist of Red Bluff, is
'registered at the Palace with his wife.
J. B. Peakes, proprietor of the Yosemite Ho
tel at Stockton, is a guest at the Palace.
Frank Schweis, a mining man of Gold Hill,
Of., is making a short stay at the Russ.
C. W. Clough came down from Chico yester
day and has taken rooms at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
J. Nafrlee Burk, the millionaire horse-owner,
came up from San Jose yesterday and is at the
Palace.
Bishop W. F. Nichols cam© up from San
Mateo yesterday, and is visiting at the Occi
dental.
D. N. Carithers, a merchant of Santa Rosa,
arrived in town la»t night and registered at
the Lick.
Mayor \V. H. Carlson of # Ban Diego ar
rived from the South yesterday.. He is staying
at the Grand.
John Mnrkley, iecretary of the State Bonrd
ot Examiners, is in town from Gevserville. He
is at the Lick.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel is E. Ouiller of Merced, the well
known grain-dealer. f
S. Prewltt and wife of Los Angeles are in the
City for a few days and are registered at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Mrs. W. P. Harrington, accompanied by the
Misses Harrington, returned to the Palace'
yesterday after spending their holidays at
their home in Colusa.
E. W. Herrin, a mining man from Ashyille,
Or., is a late arrival et the Rnss. He is here
on business and a visit to his brother, W. F.
Herrin, the Southern Pacific attorney.
F. L. Christie of Vancouver, B. C, accom
panied by his brother. Fred Christie, of Gua
lala, B. C, large cattle-dealers, are taking in
the sights of tha City while staying at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
CALIFORNiANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 3. -Ira D. Orton
and Louis Reim of Los Angeles are at the
Raleigh.
RESTORING, iHE MERCHANT MA
RINE.
Washington Times.
Every statesman in the country agrees with
every other statesman that ihe shipping trade
of the Urtited States ought to he built up again.
They all concur that it ii a shame that iho
American flag has practically disappeared
from the seas. Unless seen floating from the
masihe«d of some American man-of-war it is
a rare spectacle in foreign ports. It was differ
ent once. Tne time was when the American
merchant marine outnumbered even Great
Britain's, when our clipper ships wore seen
everywhere, nnd when American exports and
imports were carried in American bottom*.
It is the saddest kind of commentary upon our
shipping Ihws to think thut the marvelous
progress the world ha« made in ship-building,
and with the constantly Increasing evidence
that the United States can beat the world in
construction of th» fastest of vessels of mod
ern kind, this country should stand at the foot
of the list in respect of the size of its mer
chant marine.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
E. Bengas, a well-known business man of
Eureka, Cal., where he is stationed and repre
sents several large wholesale houses of this
City, ig on a business trip here. He predicts
marked improvements in the near future ior
his town.
"The large lumber manufacturers feel jubi
lant over an increased demand for redwood
from foreign markets," he said, "and with a
similar improvement in the domestic markets
all the mills will be in operation in the spring.
The winter so far has been remarkably favor
able to dairymen. All the creamer.es in the
county are turning out tons of golden butter,
which brings the top prices in the San Fran
cisco market. Notwithstanding the great de
pression of business which has existed and is
existing, we have had no failures, and I must
say the merchants are never dilatory on col
lection days. Our business men are conserva
tive and cautious and the population is not
a Homing one as in other sections of the State.
'•The recent storm in our harbor, where two
break-waters are in course of construction,
was very disastrous. However the contractors
feel sure of success in the great undertaking
and will renew their work with more activity
in the spring. Take it all in all our county is
in as healthy a condition as any in the State,
with brieht prospects in the near future. We
have homes for a million oi people and our
population is only 30,000."
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Nowaday County, Missouri, has a horse
dealer named Goodpasture.
The only living son of a revolutionary sol
dier in New Hampshire is Samuel S. Green of
Portsmouth, who was 84 years old last week.
Henry Doel, who is now an innkeeper in
Plymouth. England, is said to be the oldest
actor in England. He is nearly 93 years old,
and was on the stage continuously for sixty
five years.
General Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar ;
colonel of the British Life Guards, is about to
be promoted to the rank of field marshal. The
promotion is a court job and causes Irritation
in the army.
Henry Barnard, the well-known educator of
Hartford, Conn., who was the originator of
the Connecticut Reform School bill adopted
by the Legislature in 1838, will be 86 years
old on January 24.
A Cuban in New York says of Maceo that he
was a man of the strictest moral integrity;
that he never drank wine, never played
cards and never smoked, even in a land
where nearly everybody, man, woman and
child, smoked.
It is expected that the German Emperor will
visit Jerusalem next spring, probably at
Easter, to be present at the consecration of a
Lutheran church there. The church is to be
erected on ground given by the Sultan to Em
peror Frederick, the Kaiser's father.
Gustav Johnson of St. Marys', Pottawa torn ic
County, Kuns., left his wife by will the choice
of accepting a half-interest in his estate and
freedom to do as she chose as to her future
state, or the wbote of his property should she
be wiiiiug to promise not to marry again.
Thomas F. Bayard Jr., son of the Ernbassador
to Great Britain, has accepted a place in the
office of the corporation counsel of New York
and will remove to that city early next year.
Mr. Bayard wili be connected wiih the depart
ment of street opening. He is a graduate of
the Yale class o( '90.
THE COMiOriT OF THE STARS.
When I am overmatched by petty cares
Anj things of enrch loom lnr.;e. and look to bs
of moment, how it soothes anj comforts me
To step into the night and feel the airs
Or heaven fun my check; and, be it of all,
Uur,« up into those al'.-nncharted teas
Where swim ihe stately p anets; suoh as these
Make mortal fret seem slight and temporal.
1 muse on what of life may stir among i
Those spaces knowing naught of metes and bars ;
U ndreamea-of dramas played iv outmost stare,
And lyrics by archangels granaly huug.
1 griw familiar with the solar runes
And com-jrehend of worlds the mystic birth:
Ringed Saturn, Mars, whose fashion apea the
earth,
A.nd Jnpiter, the Riant, with his moons.
Then, dizzy with the unspeakable sights aoove,
Kebuked by V»s on Vast, my puny heart
Is Kreaieued for its transitory part.
My trouble merged iv wonder and in love.
HICHAKI) BtTRTON.
Letters From the People.
GERMAN CITIES.
■ , "■-'. '
American: Ignorance of 'llwir Growth
and Progress.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
"Municipal Housekeeping," as a science and
an art, evolved out of the conditions of life
prevailing in the last half of the nineteenth
century, can for various reasons be observed
to better advantage In Germany than in any
other country. German cities, having fairly
entered upon the task' of providing themselves
with modern conveniences and improvements,
are accomplishing it in a more systematic,
thorough and business-like manner than any
other cities, whether in Europe, America or
Australia. To this work of modern improve
ments the Germans seem to have brought
more of the scientific spirit and method than
any other people. Their habits of thorough
ness in research and of patient, exhaustive
treatment of any subject in hand have fully
characterized their new progress in tpe arts of
civilized life.
The words of the foregoing paragraph are
taken as they stand from the opening chapter,
page 289, of Albert Shaw's masterly survey of
municipal government in Germany, occupy
ing the second half of his invaluable book on
"Municipal Government in Europe," and I
most earnestly commend this book to our
public-spirited citizens who are studying the
subject oi municipal government with a view
to the adoption of a new and progressive char
ter for San Francisco. In the limited space
alloted me here it is my present purpose to try
to open the eyes of American ignorance to the
fact that we are In our most advanced cities
lagging far behind the progress made in
German municipal government, for I still
hope that we shall lay aside our conceit and
try to learn the lessons taught by the work
dove in European cities.
Mr. Shaw assigns a plausible reason for our
singular ignorance of the progress made in
European municipal government: "Tne
guide-bonks are al. made on the supposition
that American tourists are painfully eager to
see ev«ry tning of antiquarian or historical in
terest ana thai they care nothing whatever for
Europe as the present-day home of progressive
peoples, and we fail to appreciate the force
and significance of the immense modern im
petus that is transforming the European
cities. Most of them have an ancient or me
dieval nucleus, but otheru he they are as new
a-, our American cities, and in many respects
they are more modern and enterprising. In
deed, there seems to be an almost unconquer
able delusion in ihe popular mind thai our
American cities are the only ones which show
the phenomenon of rapid growth, and that
their newness excuses their failure to provide
well for the common necessities ot urban life."
Inorder to try to disji«l this almost univer
sal delusion Mr. Shaw devotes nearly four
pages to an exceedingly interesting compari
son between ;orty-two German and Americau
cities of nearly cquai population, from which
I select a few. In 1870 New York had a popu
lation of nearly 950,000, while Berlin had
bare;y 800,000. In 1880 Berlin had outgrown
New York and was still ahead in 1890, having
1,578,794 to New York's 1.&15.301: and Berlin
in the past twenty-five years has added us
many actual new residents as hns Chicago,
phenomenal as the growth of Chicago has
been. Mr. Shaw next compares Hamburg and
Bos toil. In 1875 Hamburg hud 348.000 popu
lation and Boston had 342,000. In 1890 Ham
burg hart 509,260 and Boston 448.000. a gain
in fifteen years of 200,000 for Hamburg and
100,000 for Boston. Baltimore is sometimes
likened for wealth and prosperity to Hamburg.
In the early seventies they were of equal size,
In 1890 Hamburg had 509,200 and Baltimore
434 439. Leinsic had 127,000 population In
1875 and in 1890 it had 355,000. "It has now
well distanced San Francisco, which was con
siderably the larger in the seventies," Mr.
Shaw remarks. At the close of his forty-two
comparisons he says: "If the ligures were re
vised to extend tho comparison to the year
1895 the exhibition of swift trrowth in the
German cities would appear still more remark
able."
i feel constrained to give the concluding
paragraph entire on this subject, (or Mr. Shaw
shows so much candor and clearness in It that
he is entitled to bo heard: "When one ven
tures to suggest that the American cities are
meagerly provided with the best modern fa
cilites and make but a sorry snow in com
parison with Kuftfpeau cities thero comes the
unfailing reply that onrs are in their infancy,
while those of Europe are venerable with age
and rich in the accumulations of a long
realized maturity. The existence of old
churches and castles and of vaiiouj monu
ments and collections illustrating the history
of art has given the impression rtiat European
cities ars old. But for the purposes of our
discussion they are younger than their Ameri
can counterparts. Their cit zens are not
nearly as rich as those in our cities. They
suffer under the disadvantages of loss ii. the
productive energy and wealth through emi
gration of hundreds of thousands of their best
young men after they have reared aud edu
cated them.
"They stagcer under such heavy burdens of
taxation and compulsory service to maintain
the military mm of the general government
that the tax increment which can be spared
for municipal purposes comes with pain and
is small compared with the revenues we can
raise for local outlay in America, where taxes
for National and State purposes are compar
atively light. And yet, in the lace of disad
vantages far greater "than we can present as
excuses, the German cities have grappled with
the new municipal problems of the last quar
ter of a century and have solved them far
more promptly and completely than the Amer
ican cities have done."
At another time I propose to give some in
formation as to the way in which these Ger
man cities have solved the municipal prob
lems which most concern our own people, as
presented in this sterling work on "Municipal
Government in Europe," by Albert Shaw.
Joseph asbcry Johnson.
San Francisco, Jan. l, 1897.
NEWSPAPER rLEASANTRY.
"Talk about elevatin' de stage!"
••Yes?"
"Wot's de matter wid lowerin' de gallery?"
Chicago Record.
Dolly Swift— You may talk of the romance of
a bicycle built for two, but—
Sally Gay— What can be nicer ?
Dolly Swift— A buggy built apparently for
one.— Puck.
Young Tentative— Which is the correct form,
to say a man when he dies leaves a wife or
leaves a widow ?
Old Reliable— Young man, a widow is never
left.— Boston Transcript.
Delia Ware— Do y?j believe in the Biblical
admonition of giving a kiss fora blow, Mr.
Westside?
Westside— Well-er— that depends, Miss Ware.
How hard are you going to strike me?— Bu
ffalo Times.
May— l wonder why it is that people always
pnt the record of births iv the Bible.
Marie— Well, I don't Know whei*e it is safer
from human curiosity, unless in a safety de
posit vault, do you?— New York Evening
Journal.
Customer— Your sign says you are a ton
sorial artist.
Barber— Yes, sir.
Customer (contemplating gashes in his face)
—Don't you think you ought also to specily
you are an impressionist ?— Puck.
Bobby— Pop, what does hereditary mean?
Fond parent— lt means, Bobby, something
that goes from parent to child. Now see if you
can. give me an example of something that is
hereditary.
Bobby — Measles. I got 'em from mother. —
Brooklyn Life.
LADYS APRON
This useful garment speaks for itself. An
apron large enough to be of use and trimmed
as this is, need not have its "raison d'etre"
pointed out. For every rough work enameled
cloth or rubber are used.
Denim or blue jeans make a heavy apron that
will last indefinitely.
Ginghams, heavy cambric or cotton duck are
serviceable materials.
Made of lawn, cambric or batiste it
forms a garment much appreciated by ladies
whose only household cares consist of light
dusting. ___________
THE MISSING SURPLUS
Now York Mail and Express.
You may go through Secretary Carlisle's re
port with a search warrant without finding
any trace of the "comfortable surplus" which
he expected to derive from the operation of
the Wilson-Gorman bill. It must have been
mislaid. ______________
iHE WAR UPON HE LOTTERIES.
liOs Angeles Times.
The San Francisco Grand Jury has begun war
upon the lotteries- in that City, which do so
much to impoverish the working classes. The
good seed sown by The Call will yet bear fruit.
A NEW YEAS BERMOIT.
The Advice Given by Rev. Dr. Spalding
t • liis Congregation.
Yesterday morning the Rev. Dr. Spald
;ng of St. John's Episcopal Cburch
preached a sermon on "The Beginning of
the New Year." He said that at such a
time there always conies the thought of
responsibility, of giving an account of
ourselves to God. Any good business
man would not think of letting the new
year come without finding how he stood
financially, and just so we should find
bow we stand with God.
The speaker likened us to weaver? and
said that as a weaver stands behind the
loom and cannot see the pattern he is
making so we in our lives cannot see
what kind of a pattern wo are weaving,
but God sees, and we, too, shall see by
and by. The selfish man is weaving a
pattern he will not wish to see, but he
who is living his life for God and for
others is weaving a beautiful pattern,
though he may be utterly unconscious of
it himself.
"Think if a diary were kept of our sins,"
said he, "how the pages would be filled
with accounts of passion and wrath, of
fickleness, of unkind things said of others,
of impure thoughts and acts. Then think
of the good acts of onr lives. Would there
be a balance? L«t us in the coming yenr
live our lives to God, doing our daily duty,
and 'forgetting those tilings which are be
hind, reach forth unto those things which
are before.' "
Praise Service.
There was a praise service tn St. Paul's
Episcopal Church on California street, near
Steiner, last night, when the following music
was rendered under the direction of F. Katzen
bach: Organ prelude (FJagler); processional
hymn 519 (David); "Gloria Patri," cantate
domino (Chandler): "Magnificat' (Tours);
"Nuno Dimittis" (Tours); anthem, "Sweet
Is Thy Mercy" (Barn by); hymn 408
(Urbs Beats); organ s<>] o (Salome); duet
tenor and alto. "The Wsper Hour (H. r'
Shelley); nnifcem. "And Tiere Were Bhen
herds" (Arthur Foote); alto solo, "The Unseen
Kingdom"- (Gerald Lane); "Gloria in Ex
oelsis," Twelfth Mass (Mozart); offertory, su
prano solo, "Come to trie Lnnd of Rust."
(Greely); doxology, "Praise the Lord"- re
cessioual hymn 491; postlude (Batiste)- solo
quartet and chorus— Miss Mubel Love so
prano; Mrs. Maud ChappeHe Henley, alto-
C. A. KatzenDach, tenor; 11. A. Melvin basi '
THE STORY OF THE FLOOD
Not a Myth Producd by the
Imagination, Says Rev.
;'• Dr. Rader.
Investigation 'into the Origin and
Nature of the Deluge Is, Asserted
the Speaker, Higher Criticism.
Rev. William Rader spoke last nigbt on
i "The Deluge" . iir the Third Congrega
tional Church. ,He said:
"The deluge wus not a rnylh produced
by the iaagination, but a tradition wmch,
sprang out of an event. There is evi
dence of a local flood occurring in that
part of the world peopled by our ancestors
■before they separated into races.
"The tradition of a flood is held by all
i branches of the human family except the
blacks. The Hebrews did not, according
to the best authority, hola this tradition
hrst. Neither did they, according to the
Rabbinical theory of verbal inspiration,
receive it by direct revelation from God,
but by oral tradition and from existing
documents. Genesis is a composite book,
made up of more than one document.
"The deluge. was usea to teach the unity
and vengeance of God, ihe Jaw of retrib
utive justice and the fact oi sin."
Speaking of "the higher criticism ana
the Bible," the speaker said: .■  .
This investigation into the origin and nature
of the deluge, is higher criticism. -\on will
obsorve that it Is perfectly harmless. Honest
thought has never destroyed anything', it is
the wrong thinking that injures the Bible, not
the right thinking. Some are afraid of tnW
term "higher criticism," which means simply
an intelligent study of tlie Bible, its
sixty-six books, the literary nature of its con- 1
tents, the evolution of Its thought, the condi
tion of the text, and the contemporaneous
hlstorv surrounding the men who prepared
the biblical narration. It is destructive of
falsehood and fear, of superstition and Igno
rance. When Copernicus proved the old
theory of the universe to be wrong, the stars
did not drop, they shone with greater luster.
Shakespeare's plays have never been Harmed
by study. It is a pitiable reflection upon
Protestantism to hear religious teachers up
braid the men who search ihe Scriptures and
ask the Bible to tell the secret of its power.
They dream of a time when some German
critic will tumble ddwn the Bible structure
and all the orthodox will be crushed. But it
is only a harmless nightmare. The real test
of the Bible is not found in thought, but life.
It is the sinner, not the saint, who brings the
real test to the Word of God. Does it accom
plish for him what he is told it will? That is
the real issue in the controversy about the
Scripture*. Men take pride in finding fault
with Bible students. It sounds pretty well in
a ministers' meeting or in the pulpit to arro
gate to oneself the infallibility of knowledge,
as against the ripest thought of the world, buc
it is a very unwise treatment of some very good
and wise men. ■ ■■■■■•■ -• ■■■>•■
• ; When it was announced a few years ago that
no one man, not even Moses, wrote the first
five books of the Oid Testament, men who had
never given the matter an hour's critical study
made crosses of orthodoxy on which to bung
these bold critics. To-day there is but oue
scholar in the United States who believes in
the Mosaic authorship or the Pentateuch.
Who are these dangerous men? I will name
a few and you may judge for yourselves whether
or not th^-y are to be trusied. Look first at the
British pulpit. Tnere is Canon Farrar, whose
golden tongue has thrilled Westminster Abbey
for so many years, rivaled only by Cnnon Lid
don of St. Paul's. In Scotland is Professor
Drumnioi'd, and Bruce, and Dods, and that
group of devout men who nave challenged the
admiration of the world. I would add to these
the name of lan McLaren, whose words are
read by the English-speaking world. On this
side of the Atlantic it is difficult to select a iew
names from the long list 01 preachers who rep
resent the school of ihe higher leiirninu'. Henry
Ward Beecher and Phillips Brooks, whose elo
quence still molds the characters oi tne Har
vard students fttid illustrates the Immortality
of an honest man; Dr. Lyinan Abbott, whose
gentle life is as pure hs his faith in the Christ
of the eospels, »nd Dr. George Gordon, who
stands like a pillar of light in the old South
Church in Boston; Professor llarper of the
University of Chicago and Professor Brigga of
New York, and scores of others whom I might
name. , ; :_..".. .■;.... ..„ ,„.. .... . ; ' .. ...,■»,
' Strp/nge " enough, every name I have men
tioned — and they were not se ected witn refer
ence to the remark I am about to make — every
name has been challenged Lv the church iv
which he worked. " Challenged for what? For
being inte.lectually honest, for using tneir
minds and lifting aloft the 'everlasting Gospel
of Jesus Christ free from superstition and tra
diiion ona false interpretations. They have
saved the Bible from the hands of its friends:
they have exatted the word of God. Genuinely
in earnest they have recovered this literature
in the light ol reason a»:d given the contents
a rational interpretation. These men have
brought back my Lord; my laitn, my devout
reverence lor the word of God, and I am proud
ti> stand not in their defense, hut in defense
of their spirit and their influence upon the
world. For this work lan McLaren has been
called dangerous, Dr. Gordon unsound, Ly
man Abbott rationalistic. Bishob Brooks too
broad, President Harper a destructive critic
and Canon Farrar a heretic.
Think of it 1
4 lbs. famous broken candy, handsome bkts.,
only 50c Townsend's, Paiace building. * "
'. ' .. — — • — ♦—- •
Special" information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Alien's), 510 Montgomery. *
■ - . • — ♦-— •
Ally— That novel of Thomson's is perfect
mush.
Sally— Of course. It's a cereal story.— Phila
delphla Times. • .
Phillips' KocK island Excursions
l>ave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rio
Grande and Rocic IsUnd Railways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany thesa excursions to
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodations
and further information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent Kock Island Kail way, BO Mont
gomery street, >an Francllao. ■
■ ... . "■•.•, « ♦ m
••Mrs. WliibloWb Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions ot
mothers for their children while '1 eethlni? with per
fect success. It Boothestbe child, softens iheeams.
allays Pain, cares Wind Colic, regulates .be BoweU
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing irom teeihlngorother causes, or sale by dru?
glsis in every part of the worid. Be sure and astc
for Mrs. Wluslow's Soothing Syrup, ' 25c a bottla.
' ' — » ' * » — : '■'
Cokovauo.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, Vift
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Bound-trip t.ctets. by steam.
ship, Including fifteen days' board at tha Hotaldal
Coronado, $65: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apm/
4 New Montgomery si.. San franclsca
— ♦-— ♦ — •
With a botile of Ayer's Cherry Pectoral (th«
unrivaled cough cure) | and Ayer's Almanac (th«
best calendar), we wish you a happy New Year.
Professor— Say," Anna, couldn't we jn«t aa
well postpone our silver wedding aiulclc
brate it at the same, time as the golden wed
ding? I don't like to be Interrupted in my
work sr> olten.— Fliegende Blaetter. . '
KEW 10-DAT. •
Quackery is always discov-
ering remedies which will
act upon the germs of disease
directly and kill them. But
no discovery has ever yet
been approved by doctors
which will cure consump-
tion that way. Germs can
only be killed by making the
body strong enough to over-
come them, and the early
use of such a remedy as
Scott's Emulsion is one of
the helps. Iri the daily war-
fare man keeps up, he wins
best, who is provided with
the needed strength, such as
Scott's Emulsion supDlies.MONDAY JaMaEV 4, 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
TUi.riwiN- Thkatk.k O.d Homestead."
Coi.cmkia l tikatku— -"Shaun Rhue.
Moboscos OrfcKA-Hoi'Sii-— In ttie Same of
the C«ar. •
AiazAß Thkatkr.— "A Serious Tanjrle."
1 ivni.i Opeba House.— -Jack and The Bean-
stalk: • • .
• oki'hfvm— High-Class Vaudeville.
Circvs P.oyalt— Eddy. and Mason its.— Prof. O.
It. G k'ason.
V. M. C A. ATTDiTOBtuJf, corner Mason and Ellis
elreeis— oriental Kntertaiutnent, Monday, Jan. 4.
'iUK Chutks and skating Rink.— Uail/ at
liaight eire*i, one block east of the Park.
mtuo Baths— Bathing and performances.
TacifjcCjOakt JorKKYCum.- Races to-day.
AUCTIOM bALhS.
By 8. Hasch— Tuesday, January 5, Furni-
ture, at 319-321 Suiter street, at 10:30 o clock.
1 v Indiana aittion Co.-Thls day. January 4,
Millinery, at 1037 Market st.. at 2 o'clock.
Et 1. 11. Bcbb— This (Jay, January 4, Fur-
niture, at 5 4 First street, at 10 o'clock.
Fv erniVAN & Dovls- Wednesday. January
6. Horses, Buggies, etc., at 327 sixth street, at 11
O clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
There was & runaway in the Turk.
George Haas Sr., a well-known merchant,
died yesterday.
Skyball was the winner at Ingleside cours
ing park yesterday.
The Swedes outpulled the Canadians in the
tug-of-vrar at Butro Baths.
There was a praise service in St. Paul's
Episcopal Church last night.
Several closely contested sames were played
in the haudbalfcuuns yesterday.
The funeral of Captain Trask took place yes
terday afternoon and was lagely atteuded.
A religious sect, headed by J. T. Simcoe, pre
dicts the downfall of the Ottoman Empire in
March.
Rev. Haskett Smith delivered an address
yesterday in Y. M. C. A. Hall, on "Pictures
i-'rom the Bible."
Cloudy weather, probaDly without rain; not
so coid; easterly wind. — Local Forecast Official
Alexander MeAdie.
At the Chutes Professor Markeburg as
cended in a ballooa and dropped near the
Olympic Clubhouse.
The new game of push ball was tried out at
the Velodrome yesterday aiternoon, and was
generally voted a success.
Several German rifle clubs held their open
ing shoot ol the season at the Schueizen I'ark.
near San Rafael yesieraay.
The last report ot J. J. Crawford, State Min
eralogist, snows that capital is seeking invest
ment in the mines of California.
District committees decide on a few recom
mendations for political positions. Commit
• tees of the Supervisors decided upon.
A dovecote has been placed on the monitor
Comanche. In future birds will be flown from
that point to Mare Island and vice versa.
The Sullivan building, corner of Snllivan
and Baker alleys, was damaged by fire to the
extent of $5000 early yesterday morning.
The R*v. William Rader in a sermon last
night declared that inquiry into the story of
the deluge is higher criticism of the Bibie.
The sailors on the battle-ship Oregon gave
a reception yesterday. Their sweethearts and
wives were out in force, and a merry time was
had.
Trofessor Edward W. Ross of Stanford Uni
versity iectured before the Socialists last even
ing. His bubject was, •'Evolution of Enjoy
ment."
The Dairymen's Union hfls drafted a tuber
culosis bill, which will be introduced during
the forthcoming session of the State Legis
lnture.
Eight men were buried under an avalanche
o; flour on the Stockton steamer T. C. Walter
- aurday. Only one man was seriously
injured.
Bishop Newman will conduct the union
meetings to be held at 2 o'clock every aiter-
Hoon during this week at Central Methodist
Church.
Dora Me^er, a young woman living at 7 St.
Mary street, attempted to commit suicide
early yesterday morning by turning on the gas
iv her rooms.
Many people arts struggling for political
places under tlie City government. A number
vi recommendations have been made by dis
trict committees.
The drag and fox hunts in San Mateo County
are open lo all who wish to follow tne hov.;>d*.
At a hunt Saturday forty-eight horsemen
crossed the country.
"Bicycle Jim," a tramp who has forsaken
railroad ties and brakebeams fora wheti, is
visiiing the City. He has ridden from New
York since last spring.
H. E. Huntington and Assistant Engineer
Viiliam D. Gelette are visiting Randsburg,
\\ it h a view of building into the mining camp
ahead of the Atlantic and Pacific.
The children of the Sunday-school of the
Church of ttje Holy Cross all received hand
some Christmas presents yesterday morning
from their pastor, Father McGinty.
Revival, services will be held every night
tail week' Bt Howard-street Methodist 'Church
except Friday night, when Company F, Boys'
Brigade, will give au entertainment.
Death of ex-Supervisor Albert I". Knorp,
wno will be buried at noon to-morrow, uuder
the auspices of King Solomon's Lodge of
3lasons, of which he was an organ z-tr.
John Hogan, the teamster who was thrown
from his wagon on Oak street, near Btker,
Saturday afternoon, through it being struck
by an electric-car, ia in a precarious condi
tion.
Joseph Murphy, the Irish comedian, is laid
up with ia grippe at the Occidental, and it Is
feared he may not be able to goon with his en
gagement at the Columbia to-night. He is,
however, improving.
A large number of the National Guard were
at Shell Mound yesterday, practicing for the
great Inter-Republic one-hundred-man trophy
musket match with the Honolum Guard thai
will take place next Sun-lay.
A great coast championship field day, the
proceeds of which shail be devoted to sending
the better University team East, is being plan
ned by the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Union to be held here during April.
Deacon P. U. Blunt, a pioneer of California,
formerly a captain of police here, aua a pillar
of the First Baptist Church, is iai ing from old
age. He has an unequnled record lor church
attendance. Reviva* week at the church.
Two false fire alarms were turned in last
night from the Potrero. Box 2',iH ciuue in nt
7:10 o'clock and box 512 twenty minutes
later, both boxes being Jocated on Kentucky
street, between Merrimack and beveateentn
streets.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held its
election of officers on Saturday niginand pre
pared one of lbs most liberal programmes of
re-entry, all-comers' matches lor medals end
cash prizes ever presented to the marksmen of
tlila coast.
Joseph Law was stood up and robbed of
$3 DO, by two highwaymen on O'Farreli and
Mssod streets at 4 o'clock yesterday morning.
Officer^ King and Baxter arrested Joseoh (,arr,
>..in- Dutch, for the crime. He was identified
by Law an being one of the robbers.
A newsboy named Eddie Gray was arrested
by Special Officer ri. Smith of the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company's detective force
yesterday morning for ooarding an electric-
CHr at the Third and Townsend streets depot,
where he was selling the morning papers.
ifEW TO-DA7.
RED
ROUGH
HANDS
Itching, scaly, bleeding palms, shapeless nails,
and painful linger ends, pimples, blackheads,
oily, mothy skin, dry, thin, and falling hair, itch-
ing, scaly scalps, all yield quickly to warm baths
with Cuticuba. Soap, and gentie anointings
with Cdticdba (ointment), the great skin cure.
(uticura
Is sold throughout tbo world. Pottbb Dbdo CbcK
Co«r., Sole Prop... Uo.lon - • - ■■<■-
W " How to Produce Soft, White Husdi," free.
ITCHING HUmS^pSkSZAJ?
ALMOST BURIED
IN TONS OF FLOUR
Eight Men on the T. C
Walker Experience a
Very Dusty Time.
The Vessel Struck a Sandbank
and the Sacks Were Thrown
to Port.
A Horse Caught in the G9neral Mix-
Up Escaped Without Any
I'- jury.
Eight men had a narrow escape for
their lives on the river steamer T. C.
Walker last Saturday night. The vessel
was on her way from Stockton to San
Francisco and in the darkness the captain
mistook a beacon and ran into a mud
bank. Two hundred tons of flour in 100
--pound sacks was thrown to port and two
ol the men were buried and a horse that
was en route to lugleside was so tangled
up that be could not get his feot free from
the mass of clingins flour. For a time
pandemonium reigned, and between the
neighing of the unfortunate horse and the
screams of the men who were under the
flour the deckhands lost their head-s and
there was almost a panic aboard.
The T. C. Walker teft StocKton with a
very heavy cargo last.Saturday afternoon.
She was loaded down with flour for the
Pacific Mail Company's steamer Peru,
which leaves for China next Thursday,
and Captain Benson was anxious to get
here on time in cder to get his cargo
aboard.
The Walker had an extra crew aboard
and consequently there were no berths for
the men who came aboard at the last
minute. "Billy" Farrell, "Pat" Dunnine,
"Mike" Dooley, "Dan' O'Connor, L. H.
Bevis, William Layton and "Pele" Cour
.neen made their beds among the flour.
When the Walker struck the bank the
flour fell on the sleeping men and almost
mined the horse. All that could be seen
of Dooley was his head and the only
thing that let the remainder of the ship's
crew know that Farrell was alive was a
wiggling foot that stuck out between two
sacks of flour.
The other men could not be seen, but in
a few minutes the sacks of flour were re
moved and all and sundry were rescued.
The only man injured was Farrell, and he
was sent to the hospital. His face was
badly scraped and his right side bruised
to such an extent that it will be months
before he can work again. The Walker
has still a big list to port, and it will be
late this afternoon before she is on an
even keel again. During his struggles to
get free the horse ruined quite a number
of sacks of the flour that somebody will
have to pay for.
It was reception day on the Oregon yes
terday, and the men had more than usual
liberty. Ensign Durell was officer of the
day, and he saw to it that while the men
enjoyed "just so much liberty" there was
"no license. " Every member of the crew
was allowed to have Ins "sweetheart or
wife' aboard, and as they brought their
friends with them the decks of the big
battle ship were thronged.
M:inv of the visitors brought musical
instruments with them, and the strains
of the "Star Spangled Banner" and
"Should Auld Acquaintance Be Forgot"
could be beard from forecastle and cabin.
On the main deck the men and their
sweethearts had a quiet little dance, but
of course it was sub rosa, and the sailors
think all the more of their officers because
they "looked the other way " when the
dance was going on. A cleaner or more
orderly set of men Uncle Sam has never
sent out than the crew that mans the
Oregon.
There i 3 a big gap between the Oregon
and Comanche. The former is an up-to
date battle-ship and the latter is an obso
lete monitor. She is now being used as a
training-ship for the Naval Battalion and
incidentally as a dovecote for the Mare
Island carrier pigeons. For use in war
time the carriers are now being trained,
and as a preliminary they are to be flown
daily between Mare Island and the
Comanche.
The dovecote on the latter is Slabeled
Constellation, and the one on the island
is marked Hartford. The care takers on
the Comancne assert that the pigeons
aboard their vessel can beat telegraph
time easily.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zea
landia and the Pacific Mail Company's
Peru botn sail for Honolulu next Thurs
day. The former will continue on tier
way to Australasia, and the latter will go
to the Orient. The Peru is in splendid
running order, and the Zealandia has not
been overhauled for many months. Nev
ertheless .he betting is that the Zealandia
will beat the Peru to Honolulu. Both
vessels have very popular officers in all
the departments, so it remains to bo seen
which will carry the bulk of the Honolulu
passengers.
WITH THE PLAYERS.
What There Is Offered for the Lovers
of Amusement Who Wish to Visit
Theaters To-Night.
To-night Deninan Thompson will appear at
the Baldwin Theater in the famous play "The
Old Homestead," that natural presentation of
New England life, which has been played time
and again, but which, like some well-known
operas, never grows old.
At the Columbia Theater Joe Murphy, the
old-time San Francisco favorite, will again
present "Shaun Rhue,' 1 la which he has
achieved a creat success, and he will sing his
world-famous song, "A Handful of Earth."
He will be supported by a strong company.
"A Serious Tangle," which has been desig
nated as a play that is a "whirlwind of laugh
ter,' will be presented at the AlCßzar Theater
to-night, with George Osbourne and Hugo To
land in the cast, 'lhis will be preceded by
•'Dream Faces," a comeditta.
"In the Name of the Czar,' a Russian melo
drama with an American as well as a Russian
hero, ana which is not the same as "By Order
of the Czar,'' will be presented at the Grand
Opera-hoii.se to-night. Leslie Morosco will
take the part oi the American hero.
"Jack and the Beanstalk" will be repeated
at the Tivolf Opera-house this evening, with
the same rait that produced it last week. Thja
comicalities of this aggregation of songs, dia
logues and costumes has caught on with the
patrons of this house. .
Six new vaudeville celebrities will appear at
tne Orpheum thii evening in conjunction
with the Kiralfy ballet and Herial ballet. The
two Boßtons witn their trained animals will
furnish laughter for all and Miss Annie Cald
well, comedienne, will appear.
The ftnimatlscope, which shows striking
life-like pictures every quarter of an hour,
will be in operation at the Chutes this even
ing and there will be a number of attractions
in addition to the others that draw people to
that place.
Professor Gleason is still at the Circus Royal
showing people how he conquers wild horses
and make them as obedient as pet dogs. This
evening he will Rive auother exhibition of
his wonderful skill in that line.
Horrr'B School, at Burlingame, will reopen
January^. Addreßß Ira 0. llout, I'h.u, *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1597.
When the T. C Wa'ker Struck a Mud Bank in the San Joaquin River Last Saturday Night There Was
Trouble. Over a Hundred Tons of Flour Shifted Its Base and Eight Men Were Buried. A
Racehorse Was Caught in the General Wreck, and He Made Things Lively. Of the Men All
That Could Be Seen When the Rescuers Went to Work Was a Foot and a Head. The Foot
Told All and Sundry That the Man to Which It Was Attached Was Still Alive. The Head
Spoke for Itself.
HASKELL BLEW UP
THE POPULISTS
His Petard Hoisted Some
Bright Engineers of
the Party.
The Victims Consider That Their
Disaster Means the Disrup
tion of the Cause.
Some of the Growlings in Detail That
Issue From the Camp of the
Discomfited.
Burnette G. HaskeH'9 bomb exploded
Saturday night at the meeting of the
Populist County Committee, and the
fragments of those who were hoisted by
the petard were tumbling to earth yester
day, emitting angry howls and snarlings
in their fali.
Haskell has succeeded in retiring such
old-timers in the party as E. S. Barney,
Dr. George W. Day wait, Taylor Rogers,
George D. Gillespie, T. V. Cator, Joseph
Asbury Johnson and John C. Gore, as
well as a few others, and they do not pro
pose to submit to the ordeal without ex
pressing their ideas upon the involuntary
and rather unceremonious shake-up to
which they were subjected.
"No, we were not read out of the party.
They would not dare do that!" is the
general and individual expression. "But
there is no gainsaying that Burnette G.
Haskeli has captured the works. "
"He is a gifted fellow," stated J. A.
Johnson yesterday. "He is plausible and
I doubt if there is a more competent man
for organization or manipulation of par
ties, conventions or committee- in these
United States. But he is the last man on
earth to stand up and preach righteous
ness and utmost rectitude of thought as
one wno has never committed a blunder."
Mr. J< hnsonand J. C. Gore, the deposed
treasurer, appear to be of the opinion
that the Haske.l coup d'etat will have a
nefarious and widespread effect on the
party in the State — maybe giving it its
deathblow.
"Although I do not see how the vote
could be segregated, it was given out as
21,000 in this State at tne recentelections,"
said Mr. Johnson. "As a matter of fact, I
have learned trom people of our par;y
from all over California, that some 60,000
votes were cast by Populists, a third of
which went to the Republicans."
In summing up their judgmcut in the
matter, both .Johnson and Gore agreed
that the 2,000,000 votes claimed by the
Populist* in the United States were greatly
niade up of Republican suffrage-men, who
for one cause or another quit their party
for the new one, but who returned to the
Republican banner when the Populists de
cided to fuse with the hated Democracy.
Tho i e who were onsted from the local
organization claim that the animus of the
scheme that left them stranded was not so
much that they were fusionists, because
they had fought against fusion to the last,
and only agreed to it when it was warmly
indorsed by B. G. Haskeli, but that Has
kell wanted complete control of the com
mittee.
Umler the party machinery the consti
tution and organization i.i this City is the
Assembly district delegate system. Has
kell's activity and suave manner, as well
as his assumed unctuousness, have prac
tically enabled him to control all the
clubs. He sees leaders and sends in the
names of only those who are "right" so far
as he is concerned as delegates to the
County Committee.
No delegates can be admitted to the
County Committee excepting by vote of
the commute ; hence, any gentleman of
character and standing, whose influence
would be detrimental to the Haskell
schemes and those of his confederates,
would not be admitted to a seat in tha
committee.
A year hence, when the campaign opens
for 1898, the Haskell element will be in
control of the party organization, and of
course will control" the nominating con
vention. For this reason it may properly
be assumed thai Haskell has ostracized
the conservative element of the party.
The vote at Saturday night's meeting
was simply astounding. Those who are
now on the outside of the fence call it
"raw," in the political vernacular. The
word "slate" was used also, and for verifi
cation they point to the tally sheet.
There were forty-two votes cast. Just
prior to polling Uie votes, riaskell and his
henchmen were active passing around
lists on which were printed the names of
the members of the executive committee
that were elected by an overwhelming
vote.
In the case of Treasurer Gore, the man
who pulled the committee out of a $700
indebtedness, he was the only nomination
presented for re-election at the last con
vention. Suddenly, at the e'eventh hour
on Saturday night, the name of J. H. Ting
rnan was circulated on the slated list. He
received 33 votes against only 9 votes for
Gore.
Tingman has been the treasurer of the
Purity of Election Committee, and he
should have turned over his accounts Sat
urday night to the committee showing the
disposition of funds be had received and
disbursed. This was omitted according to
slated instructions, and will have to ba
done next Saturday night, when a general
howl is expected to go up. The howl,
hjwever, will come in the nature of a post
mortem, Tingm>-n having already been
elected to the office of treasurer.
Tingman, his friends say, can show a
perfect balance when required.
All these things will be gone into next
Saturday, wnen ex-Treasurer Gore will
al*o present his report, accompanied by
individual remarks upon the duties ot a
treasurer that are calculated to burn the
ears of some of his listeners.
OAENIVAL. WILL SUCCEED.
Many Soelal Organisations Will Par
ticipate in the Festivities.
Each day brings new evidences that the
Carnival of the Golden Gate, which be
gins on April 19, will be a great success.
Corresponding Secretary Fisher has been
busy for several weeks sending letters to
various organizations thought to be
eligible to partake in the week of festivi
ties.
Replies have been received from many
societies, and the secretary says he now
has assurance that there will be a success.
The following is a copy of the letter sent
to every social organization in the City
Saturday:
The executive committee of the Carnival of
the Gulden Gate lias prepared an elaborate
(.rosranimo for a week of festivities, com
mencing Easter Monday, April li>, 1«597.
In order to make it an unqualified success.
we need the co-operation of all citizens and
organized bodies. The features of the various
days which have already been outlined, we
have every confidence will be fully carried
out. To do this properly, we request the'
assistance of your organization.
On special days, monster processions will be
the features. In these processions we desire to
incorporate the mtinuiacturing, commercial
and fraternal interests of the City and State.
Your organization has an object. A float
representing this ic"ea would undoubtedly
attract marked attention. We desire that each
organization should appoint one or more
representatives with wliotn the oxecuiive com
mittee couid confer, and through whom all
dealings with the organization might be
carried on without loss of time. If you wi;l
kindly designate such' representatives and
send their names to headquarters at as early a
date as possible, you would greatly expedite
the work of the executive committee. Re
spectfully, R. H. VVarfielp, I'resident.
S. H. Frieplandkk, Carnival Director.
HE WAS ONLY A CRIPPLE.
Eddie Gray Arrested for Board
ing a Car to Sell
Pap3rs.
Captain Spillane and Hh Officers Add
Charity to the Law's
Dmiuds.
Eddie Gray, a newsboy aged 15 year?,
with a sick father and no mother and a
cripple at that, boarded an electric-car on
Third street, at the depot, yesterday
morning, to serve a prospective customer.
Unfortunately for the crippled newsboy,
Special Officer H. Smith, who is in the de
tective service of the Southern Pacific,
observed him get on the cnr and in a
moment the special officer had the news
boy by the collar. Without further cere
mony be took the boy off to the Southern
police station, where he asked Prison
keepor T. R. Judsou to book him and lock
In in up..
Judson looked at the boy and then cast
his eye on the big burly special before he
booked a charge of violating a Gtjy ordi
nance against ttie little offender. Then
instead of locking him up Judson seated
him before the office stove, sent out for
some coffee and bread and made the news
boy as comfortable as he could until the
arrival of Captain Spillane and Lieutenant
Dan Uanna at 12 o'clock.
The nature of the arrest was explained
to those officials, when Captain Spillane
released the boy on his own recognizance,
and told him to report at t c Central sta
tion this morning, when his appearance
will be necessary before one of the Police
Judues. But before leaving the Southern
station both Spillane and Uanna, with
the cheerful assistance of the officers on
station duty, presented the newsboy with
sufficient silver to buy himself and his
father their breakfast.
THE S.P LOOKING
AT RANDSBURG
H. E. Huntington Visits
the Big Mining Camp
in the Desert.
Has an Engineer With Him
to Figure on Grade
and Cost.
There May Be a Race Between the
A. and P and S. P. to First
Reach the Ground.
There may be a race between the Atlan
tic ma Pacific and the Southern Pacific
to get into Jlandsburg.
H. E. Huntington with a party of rail
road men, among whom was Assistant
Engineer P. Gelette, has been looking
over the ground during the past week.
The party drove over from Mojave a few
days ago in a rig, a distance of sixty
miles, and remained there to study the
situation. Mr. Huntington gave his at
tention to the mines. It was his desire to
get at the stability ol the proposition;
whether or not the mines are likely to
last, and, so, whether it is wortji wiiile to
build the road or not. It was the business
of Mr. Gelette to look to grades and the
best route in, in case it was found to be
worth while.
The miners undertook to prove to Mr.
Huntington that Randsburg is the big
gest and most substantial mining propo
sition in the country— that it will prove a
second Cripple Creelr.
The speculations', therefore, of Mr. Oe
lette and tne railroad builders become in
teresting. Randsburg stands at an eleva
tion of 3750 ieet; a ranse of mountains
with sharp ascents lie to the west of it,
toward Mojave. The line, according to
Mr. Gelette, would have to be run north
ward- to Garlock to avoid grades, and
thence southwest through a pass to
Randsburg, a distance, ahogetiier, of sixty
miles. Garlock is located ai a height of
2360, or 1400 lower than Randaburir, and
fifteen niiies away. The engineer says the
road can be built with no extraordinary
expense.
F. S. Min not, a lawyer of Coos Bay, has
ju?t returned from Rundsburg on his way
home and is stopping at the Lick House.
He saw the Huntington party in Rands
burg. He says their visit was a matter of
interest to the miners.
The Atlantic and Pacific, he says, has
decided to build from Cramer, a station
twenty-eight miles south of Randsburg.
The intention is, on their part, to stop at
Johannesburg, a small town recently
started about a mile south of Randsburg.
"Randsburg," said Mr. Minnot yes
terday, "has now about 3000 people, and
new comers are going in at the rate of
about fifty a day. There is no doubt that
the country is to be a cood and lasting
one. To be sure, the full test lias not been
put to it yet, but every indication points
that w:iy. The group of mines known as
the Rand mines have made bitryieids and
the further they go the better tney pan
out — I mean all the mines in the district.
The Olympus, the principal of the Rand
mines, has been sunk 15G feet and $00,000
has been taken out, more than enough to
pay all the expense of opening and work
ing the shaft.
"The Butt-, mine has yielded up $28,000.
The Wedge mine, sunk 120 feet, has
yielded $20,000. One man has employed
boys to scour the hills and gather what
they call float, a quartz iound on the sur
face. He Fends this to the mills at Gar
lock and it yields a goo<i profit. There
are several stamp mills at Garlock. There
is no doubt that the region is very rich
and I look for it to develop into one of the
great if not the greatest mining camp in
the country." '
Mr. Minnot was token with the cold
tever and went to Randsburg in the early
rush. He staked out a claim which he
thinks will yield good money, but is con
tent to leave it alone for a while. He says
there are more man and mines in the
region than there is capital. What is
needed is capital to develop.
Nemesis of Spiritualism.
Dr. do Forrest of Boston will lecture to-nigbt
in Metropolitan Temple against spiritualism.
The lecturer, who has been called the
''Nemeeis of Spiritualism," hns challenged any
medium to meet him on the platform to-night
and produce any manipulation that he cannot
duplicate.
ENVELOPED IN A
GLEAM OF LIGHT
While the Organ Pealed
Forth "Nearer, My God,
to Thee."
The Passing of J. Ross Jackson,
Journalist, Bohemian and
Every One's Friend.
Roses From Mrs. Jackson and Their
Daufhtar Reposed on the Breast
of the Dead Journalist
The remains of J. Ross Jackson, the
widely known journalist and club man,
were cremated at 2 o'clock yesterday after
noon at the Odd Fellows' Cemetery amid
a gathering of a few of his particular
friends. The incineration was impressive
and was carried forward with tbe greatest
reverence. At a few minutes after 2
o'clock Mr. Fletcher, the superintendent
of the cemetery, called Judge W. P. Law
lor, C. M. Coe, the president of the Press
Club, and Superior Judge J. C. B. Heb
bard to identify the body. Then it was
prepared for the end.
iv the winding-sheet which enfolded
the body was a bunch of white roses,
placed there by Mrs. Jackson, and also a
bunch of white flowers which had been
sent by his only daughter, Mrs. Carrie
Raftael.
TJae veteran newspaper roan appeared
as though sleeping as be lay in his white
shroud. His face was peaceful and tran
quil, and he seemed to rest well after the
long struggle, during which he liad
bravely fought to conceal his suffering.
Every one who had seen him before, as
be lay in tbe bier, was struck with the
look of calm repose upon bis face.
The witnesses retired into the little
chapel-like place near at hand, where the
other friends vvere gathered, and whereon
one side is the entrance to the super
heated retort. A few seats fill one side of
this room, and there the ladies and gen
tlemen were waiting. Then there was a
gleam of light as the door of the retort
swung open, and the body of the journal
ist, enveloped in white, dis»ppeared like a
flash in the grave of fire.
At the same instant there came pealing
from the organ in the sanctuary above
tne solemn and impressive chords of
"Nearer, My God, to Thee." It was, as
one who heard it said, almost heavenly.
The effect was as beautiful as the Hash of
the disappearing body had been dra
matic. No one there will ever forget the
scene.
Among those who had come out to wit
ness the cremation were the following:
Superior Judge J. C. B. Hebbard, Mrs.
Hebbard, Superior Judge Hunt, W. P.
Lawior, C. M. Coe, John J. Raffael. John
Walrten, John W. Willis, Mr?. A. T. Dob
son, P. 8. Myrter, Heary M. Whitely,
Ernest Hacquette.
Several ladies, some of whom were
friends and acquaintances of the family,
who had come on their Own accord, were
readily admitted by Judge Lawior.
As is customary in such case*, the casket
NEW TO-DAY. J 'J/-±
Before we
knew of chocolate the
best we could do to
keep warm in winter
; was to wrap up or take
frequent nips from our
small bottle.
That was good
enough for the time
being, but the after ef-
fects Were not always
pleasant or satisfying.
Chocolate will warm
the * system just as
quickly as anything
else, will keep it warm
longer and will help
make it strong and
vigorous. At least
that is the merit of
Ghirardelli'S.
The orieinal ground • ,
chocolate 's GliirardelU's.
30 cents the ponnd.' '-.
'; K£W ; TO-DAT-AMXTSEMEHTS. : /
TIVOLI OPER A-HOUS2
31BS.KBNK8TIXB Kbxi.ini. Proprietor <k M.%a*tu ,■
: E!"VH3R,"2" BVENINQ. 1 !"
THE AGNIFI KN T SUCCESS!
' THE HOME TRIUMPH
. v "JACK •.:
AND THE ■
BEANSTALK I"
r SUPERB CAST!
3 GRAND BALLETS!— 3~ r
4 SUPERB TRANSFORMATIONS! -4
ENTRANCING SPECIALTIES!
A TREAT FOR YOUNG AND OLD!
Popular, Prices .........250 and 500. i
!' , ..-...-, - ' . -. - -■
■ri-iiX-i ''^— i-THIS^ EVENING,
ANOTHKR BIG liAOOUIXCi SUCCESS,
"A SEKIOUS TANGLE!"
I GEORGE USBOKNE. HUGO TuLAND
;■ • -. *." ' And all the Favorites in the Cast. "
... . V'; ■■■; Preceded by the Comedietta, ■.' •'-
-'.'DRBAM FA.CESI" ■
Evening ioc, 25c, 35c, 50c; Matinee 15c, 25c, 350.
: , ... Beats by Teleph one— Black 991. . ■ .-
CIRCUS RQYAL. \
People's Palace Building, Eddy and Mason sts.
' EVENINGS 4 ATTB' O'CLOCK. *
i POSITIVELY LAST WEEK OF
GREAT GLEASON • GREAT
In Hl* Wonderful Horse-Taming Exhi-
bition. t . Any Kind of Steed Subdued. .,.:
PRICKS— lOc, -^Oc,i3oc aiid 500.
t .-,:. THE CHUTES. ', ■■uM
Saturdays and Sundays only during improvements
ROLLER-SKATING RINK. *
Open every atternoon and evening, rain or shine.
:- ■ * - Admission Free,
■.•,-..■.:;.■.'■•■' HEW TO-DAT. "• -.:;;;
I The Woman, " " i|
;ii l: The Man, v •■• :|:
|;^ A^The Pill. :
11 She was a good woman. He J>( >
: ]» - loved- her. - She was hi 9 wife. \' [
.<|< The pie was good; his wife |'
i :! > made - it. ■he ate ■. it. ' But the <j!
'■ '!) pie disagreed with him, and jj
•'.•*!? he disagreed 'rwith his wife, jji
\l Now he takes a pill after pie j\
11 and is happy. So is his wife. /1
.\i : The pill he takes is Ayer's. <<|
i| Moral: Avoid dyspepsia\%
J) by using " |1
| Ayer's PiU^vJ;
!j Cathartic Pills, j
was destroyed, being broken in pieces and
fed to the flames at another part of the
furnace. ....
Tbe ashes of the journalist will be
placed in a copper urn and will then be
at tbe disposition of the family.
Marine .Engineers' Election.
•' The annual election of oflicers of the Marine
Engineers' .Beneficial Association No. 35 of
San Francisco was held at Native Sons' Hall
last Tuesday evening. The following officers
were elected : G. R. Kingsland, past president;
Thomas Malcomson, president;; John E.
O'Brien, first vice-president; Kdw.ira Murphy,
second vice-president; H. C.Tabrett, treasurer;
J. J. Searey, recording and corresponding sec
retary; Prank Bragg, financial seerettry and
business manager; William Porter, chaplain;
Charles Schappe, conductor. Trustees— W. K.
Maltland, John J. Crofts, Ed Brady, Ed Maho
ney, R. G. Robinson. Delegates to National
convention—George K. Kingsland, F. A. Jones;
alternate,' R. E. Tomlln. The officers will bo
installed next Tuesday evening by National
Vice-President John J. Searey.
NEW TO-DAY.
Mr. Grocer: there are
thousands of people who
want good tea (many don't
drink tea'now," because it has
been either costly or bad)
and here is Schilling Besi
—good tea at a fair price.
Don't you want to sell
lots of such tea, and money-
back it if your customers
don't like it ?
A Schilling & Company .„■'
San Francisco 4«X»
NEW TO-L.AY—AMUSEMEWTS. '
tRICDLATIfItiIOOTTLODftc?: usirjAnanArustßS--^
GIVE HIM "AN OLD TIME
R,OY.A.IIi WELiOOMH
TO>N IG-HT- —
W*& * cJOSEPn ■•
XI MURPHY
Supported by Ills Excellent New York Siocfc
Company, in the Companion Drama
to "Kerry Gow,"
"SHAUN RHUE!"
Introducing Mr. Murphy's World-famous Song,
"A HANDFUL OF EABTH."
Monday, January 11......... KERRY GOW
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlHatxak &Ca (Incorporated). i'roprtsco.'i
TO-NZO-ST
"....AND....-
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK,
INCLUDING SUNDAY.
DE.NMAN THOMPSOX'd FAMOUS PIiAY,
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
The Original Old Homestead Double
... :- .- Quartet. • - -.'•'■ ■■■■■'
Select Company of 33 Player*.
.Wonderful Electrical t-ffects.
Kngular Prlce* y a 5c to 81.50.
Matinee—popular prices—enure Dresa Circle, $1:
entire Balcony, SOc and 75c.. .
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAiiTKK 210805C0. ..501e Leases and Manama:
Firit Performance on This Coast of the Thrilllns
•- ■ :.. " , Bnsaian Melodrama, .
"IS THE NAME OF TBE CZAB!
! A Play With An American as Well as a
. ' ': ; ■ Kusslao liero.
Intricate Stage nanism !
Sensational Scenic JiJVects!
Goigeoua Costuming!
. Evening Pricea— luo, 2So »ncl 51>3.
• JVlatineeH Saturday and Sunday.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stock lon and Powoll.
Week Commencing: Monday, Jan. 4.
SIX NEW VAUDEVILLE STARSI
HALLEJJ ADD FULLKK,
: . ' AN ME CALDff liL,
XHEXWO BOSTONS.
' CHAIII.ES WATSK.
• Contlnupd aaccess of NJLSSON'S AERIAL and
KIKALFV'S GRAND OPifiKA BALLETS.
Reserved seats. 25cj Balcony, 10c; opera-cti»lri
and box-seatg. 50c. ■ . . ■•
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TO-NIGHT— JANUARY 4.
THE NEMESIS OF SPIRITUALISM.
DOCTOR DE FORREST
Will EXPOBE BPIRITUALISM and all SPIRIT-
TIALISTIG PHKNOMKNA, Including a complete
EXPOSK Of the SO-OAI^LED . MESMJIKIC
FKATS of PROFEBSOR KENNEDY. .  .
ALL MKDIUMS CHALLENOKD to meet tne
doctor and produce a single manifestation he can-
not Instantly duplicate and explain.
. - SMALL ADMISSION FEE FOR EXPENSES.
Limited number of seats can be reserved to day.
PACIFIC COAST JOCRETf CLUB
: (NOLESIDE TRACK),
The only Perfect. Winter BacetracJc m America.
RiCHG RICHfI
Racing From Momluy, Dec. 2 8, to Satur-
day, January 9, Inclugive. ;
Five or More Races Daily, Ham or Shino.
- FIKST IiACE AT BP. M.
- Take ■ Southern • Pacific. - train* at Thirl . anl
Townsend sts. depot, leaving at 1 p. m. .
'• Fare for * Round Trip, including Ad*
mission to Grounds. »1.00. "
. r TaKe Mission-ftc. electric line direct to tracic
The Pommery Sec Stakes Tuesday, Dec. 29.'
; The Calif jrnla Oaks Stakes Thursday. Dec. 31.
The Snreve & Co. Cup Friday, Jan. I.' '
•— - , A. B. SPKECKKLS, President
•', W. Lkake. secretary. ~ . . . '
SUTRO BATHS.
' Open Daily From 7 A.M. to 11 P. >l.
■ CONCEKT.EVKKY,'AFTERNOON. .
; Admission—Adults 10c, Chi idreu Sv«
78
WHEELMEN WANT
SUNDAY RACING
They Will Ask tha League
to Permit Such
Meets.
Delegates Will Plead at the
Annual Meeting at
Albany.
A Blue Ribbon Meet to Defray the
Expenses of Those Who Will
Go East.
Racing men, club officials and promi
nent members of the North California Di
vision of the League of American Wheel
men are convinced that there is but one
thing which can put cycline on this coast
in the place among sports which they feel
it should occupy. They are practically
unanimous in tbo opinion that to save tlie
sport the ban which the league lias placed
on Sunday racing should bt*. so far as this
coast is concerned, removed, and local
wheelmen are exerting every energy to
this end.
On February 10 the League of American
■Wheelmen will hold its annual meeting
at Albany, N. Y. This is the great event
of the year in the cycling world, and as
this organization controls practically all
track racing in the United States it is to
this meeting that Western riders look for
relief from the clause w-hich they consider
one rous.
California will*have seven delegates in
the meeting. Numerically, the strength
of the coast is of no consequence what
ever. New York alone, with its 20,000
league members, having fifty-two repre
sentatives.
It is the intention of the officials of this
division, however, to send its strongest
men to Albany to see what argument,
persuasion and entreaty can do. The per
sonnel of the delegation is not completely
determined upon yet, but those who it is
so far certain will go are: F. H. Kerri
gan, chief consul of the North California
division; Robert M. Welch, chairman of
the State racing board; John E. Alexander
of San Jose, and B. A. Smyttie, official
handicapper of this division.
In the fight before the convention Cali
fornia will have the support of all the ex
treme Western States, including Colorado,
ana also ot Louisiana and .Missouri. It is
not the desire of the California members
to have the leatrue lift th« ban fromfcnn
day racing absolutely. W"hat they desire
is divisional option — that is, that each di
vision be permitted to vote for itself upon
the proposition and take action accord
ingly. Sterling Elliott, president of the
league, has expressed himself in favor of
this concession, though he opposes Sun
<iav racing in his own division. Isaac B.
Potter, chief consul of the powerful New
Yo r k division, is also said to favor di
visional option. He is said to exert a
great inflii"nce in his jurisdiction and the
friends of the measure hope for his
friendly offices with New York's rifty-two
delegates.
The sentiment of the race nromoters in
the ranticr was voiced by W. B. Fawcett
of the Velodr me yesterday.
"The situation is simplythis," he said.
"In the East Saturday!* generally ob
served as a half holiday. The yonng men
■who have labored in stores and offices all
week take their recreation at that time,
and there Saturday racing is a great suc
cess. On this coas: conditions are differ
ent. Saturday is not a half holiday, and
Sunday is generally looked upon as h day
of rest and recreation. At present there
is no other sport so popular as wheeling,
and the young men who on Sunday* do
not know what to do with themselves
would gladly avail themselves of the op
portunity to patronize their favorite sport.
"Now the few holidays they have are
about tho only opportunities to witness
racing. Saturday racing is not sufficiently
profitable to pay for the maintenance of a
good track, and the prizes offered must
necessarily be small to allow any profit on
the meets."
The racing men themselves look at this
matter from a somewhat different stand
point, but are equally emphatic in their
desires for more racing. Roma Dow, the
sneedy professional pacemaker, expressed
The views of the speed merchants when he
Mi d : '"Sunday racing will certainly be a
great thing for this coast. The way things
are now it hardly pays a man to keep in
training, even if he wins right along.
With Sunday racintr there would be meets
at a number of tracks each week.
"The prospect of more races would bring
good men here from the East and many of
. the best amateurs would enter the pro
j fessional class. There would be competi
[ tion tracks, and this fact, together with
increased profits, would allow the race
promoters to hane up better prizes.
Then? i* no reason why Sunday racing
could not be conducted as well as the con
: tests which are being held on week days.
■Every professional and, I think, almost
, every other racing man on the coast is in
. favor of the change in the league by
: laTTS."
Other racing men expressed themselye3
in a similar strain.
In order to aid in defraying the ex
rens-es of the delegates to the Albapy
, meeting a bine ribbon meet will be held
;at tbe Velodrome on January 16. The
desisjnation uf the meet signifies that no
: prizes will be offered other than blue rib
bon?, the riders, by consenting to ride for
ptnese trophies, showing their interest in
I the cause. Among th« speedy men, who
I ■will appear are Ziegler, Poster, McFarlund,
| Stevens. Well?, Terrill brothers. Becker of
; Minnpnr-oiis, Dow of Seattle, Jones, Boy
! den, Whitman, Eovee and Norris of Texas
1 and all the speedy amateurs.
The programme is said to be the best
vet arranged for the Velodrome. Itcon
: sists of one-tliird of mile scratch, profes
sional; two-thirds of|mile hanc'icap.profes
sional; one-third of mile scratch, amateur;
half-n>ile handicap, amateur. There will
br» a number of interesting record trials.
Th» Cycle Board of Trade will hold a
meeting next Wednesday evening, at
which it will consider means by which it
can lend its support to the Sunday racing
proposition and the blue ribbon meet in
particular.
L. H. Smith of the Olympic Club Wheel
men and Harry Fowler of the San Fran
cisco Road Club started the new year with
one of the pluckiest rides on record. Just
as the clock ushered in the new year they
lef i the Oakland mole for a century around
the bay. It was raining and had "been for
two or three days, the roads beinu in a
miserable condition. In spite of this fact
they reached San Jose, a distance of forty
two miles, in seven hours. They stopped at
San Jose one liour for re<t and breakfast,
and then resumed their journey, reaching
this City at 6 o'clock. En routa they made
sufficient detours to make up the six
miles which the trip lacks of being a com
plete century. Their time of eighteen
hours is considered remarkable under the
circumstances.
I OOUESING AT INGLESIDE.
The -Xottd Skybnll Pulled Down Old
|»Bw^ri| Glory in th*> Final.
At the Ingles ide Coursing -Park yester
day there was a iar-»e crowd. ; The betting
was brisk. ; . Tbe noted r Skybail defeated
every competitor, Old Glory running a
good second, Queen B third and Electric
fourth. Next Sunday there will be as 2
stage, with $30 added. '
Following is the result of the run-down:
M. Traynor's Valley Maid beat J. J. Kd
mond's B B, Hal 1 & O'Neills Promise Me beat
Bartel & Kosseter's Borders Valentine, Cronin
& McDonald's Skytmll beat J. J. Edmond's
Vlda Shiuv, Portal <fc Hagßurty's Magnet beat
Banel & Rosseter's Kitty Scott, ,W. Kay's
Eclipse beat M. Rogers' Sly Boy, Dillon &
Reihy's Queen B beat J. F. Grace's Deceiver,
Sehuitz & Rmght's Ben Brush boat P. Mc-
Cabe's Emsport, M. Traynor's Flash
light beat T. Brennan's Gold King,
J. J. Edraond's Olden W beat M.
Welch's LTipp.Tary; J. F. Grace's Said Pasha
beat Devine & Stout's Straight Tip; E. Geary's
Electric beat T. Hayes' Tullamore; J. Dean's
Hazel Glon beat T. Cronin's Tommy Hall; De
vine & Tevlin's Defender beat E. Walsh's Pad
erewski; T. (Jronin's Old Glory beat Devine &
Stout's Lord Lonsdale; P. Shannon's Sarcastic
beat P. McCabe's St. Cloud.
First ties — Promise Me beat Valley Maid,
Si y ball beat Magnet, Queen B beat Eclipse,
FiiUhlieht beat Ben Brush. S*id Pasha beat
Olden W, Electric beat Hazel Glen, Old Glory
beat Defender, Sarcastic a bye.
Secoud ties— Skybail beat Promise Me, Queen
B beat Flashlight, Electric beat Said Pasha,
Old Glory beat Sarcastic.
Third lies— styball beat Queen B, Old Glory
beat Electric.
Final— Skybail beat Old Glory.
RACING AT INGLESIDE.
One of the Best Cards of the
Season— Owner Boyd and
Hajrmarket.
Another splendid card is ofTered race
goers to Ingleside this atternoon. A num
ber of new norses start for the first time
during the meeting, amonj them Senator
Irby. The Senator has fallen in with
some very ordinary company in the open
ing race, and although he Das been
"shelved" for over a year, he shoulit be
able 10 wit without much effort. Start
ing in t lie different events are such rare
good performers as Zamar 11, Caspar,
Preston. Three Forks, Tonsina, Libertine,
Kamsin ana Salvable. making up a very
strong card for the opening day of the
week.
D. M. Boyd, who controls the horse
Haymarker, objects to statements in sev
eral newspapets yesterday concerning him
and the hurdle race at Ingleside last Sat
urday. Mr. Boyd said yesterday: "I
never tola anybody to lay my horse up. 1
was out for the purse and wanted to win
it. i was anxious to win that race ana
would not lay a horse up under any con
sideration. I made no overtures to tne
iockev or anybody else. I was jobbed out
or that race. The jockey says he fell off,
but he jumred off. and my horse finished
third without a rider. 1 have heard noth
ing about an investigation."
Following are the entries in the differ
ent «vents:
First rßce, selling, three-quarters ot a mile—
321 Ther-'se 95. 223 Jake Raver 96. 304 Cara
sdde97, 321 Joe X 99, Kieetwood 103, iCquity
77, 304 Abl P 97, Knvor Jr 99. Bonni ■• Djubt
94, 224 Fond Hopo 107, 316 Dinero 99, 282
Henry iirxUnn 104, 293 Kxnminer 103, Senator
Irby 102, 312 Broad Billow 90.
Second rn'-e. seliiup, three-quarters of a mile
—232 Col WeiftMman 103. 307 Anplau^e 101,
282 Riot 99, 307 Woodchopner 102. 218 Bom
bHzeite 101. 308 Brametta 94. 314 Navy Blue
99, Eveinide 94, 304 Carrie D 94, 315 McFar
iHtie 99, 315 I'cdiga99, AVhitestone 102.
Third race, pursue, elevon-sixteentiis of a
mile— 324 Nonchalance 99, 308 Yemen 102,
323 Snuta Bella 111, (2»0) bellicoso 120. (328)
Zr mar II 96, 293 BiueDell 110. 328 W. H.
Pi >kerton 108, 327 Caspar 99, (207) Preston
117, Harold Lindsay 104
Fourth race, hurdle, one and nn eighth
miles— 26o Autonomy 133, 315 Tuxedo 134,
312 FF 133. 260 Candor 143. 264 Mr. Kr.-l
12t>, (280) Three Forks 154. 329 Brhliant 133,
laalio enief 137, 255 Artemus 145, 312 Malo
Diibio 136.
Fifth race, purse, seven-eighths of a mile—
315 Boreas 100, 307 JacK Richelieu 100.
322 Petrarch 97, 320 Miss Brummt'l 104, 323
Cabrillo 100, 313 Walter .1 109, 330 Ueorife
Rise 109. 326 Urady 109, 325 Minnie Ccc 95.
317 Torsina 104, 320 Yimkee Doodle 109, (320)
Libertine 112.
Sixth r-ce, selling, one and a sixteenth
miles— ; 297) Judge Denny 99, 207 Kanwn
100. 330 Alvarado 100, 220 Addie Buchanan
107, 327 Rey del Tierra 82, 321 J'eter the
Second 108. 330 Salvage 109.
THE SWEDES VICTORIOUS
The Canadians, Though Beaten,
Gave Their Opponents All
They Could Do.
A Team Runs Away in the Park,
and a Man Drops From a Balloon
Near tne 0 ympic Club House.
One of the most interesting of the series
of tue-of-war contests at the Sutro Baths
toon place yesterday afternoon between
the champion teams of Canadians and
Swedes. The programme announced was
varied somewhat by Ireland versus Den
mark being the hrst event, instead of
Germany versus Norway, and Italy and
Portugal did not measure stiengtb at all.
In the first contest the Irish had an easy
conquest over the Dsiies. It only occu
pied a few minutes to prove that Denmark
was considerably overmatched. In the
second struggle Norway and Germany
gave the spectators much more excite
ment by their evenly matched prowess.
The event seemed very doubtful lor some
time, but the Germans had the greatest
endurance and pulled their competitors
across the line of defeat in about seven
minutes. The Norwegians had an anchor
man who looked heavy enough to have
required an immense effort to pull just
his dead weight. The Germans seemed to
have so great a majority of friends in the
building that no doubt' their encouraging
shouts stimulated the team from the
fatherland to the efforts of the final strain
that gave them victory.
As soon as the Canadians and Swedes
came upon the platform, the prophecy ol
an exceedingly well-contested tug-01-war
could be heard on all sides. They had
both been victors in many battles and are
all powerful looking fellows, with deter
mination on their faces as well as big
muscles on their limbs.
After the pistol t-hot Canada had about
half a cleat to the good. Then for a long
time both teams lay as still as dead men,
apparently exactly matched. Canada
made the first vigorous tup and gained
five cleats in all before the tables turned
against tliem, and then Sweden pulled
back exactly what they had lost..
Then began a long test of endurance.
The tense strain lasted without result till
the watch showed halt of the thiriy
minute limit was used up. Then Sweden
nearly gained a cleat, but at sixteen
minutes the Canadians drew the staff back
to the center. The tie lasted till twenty
two minutes, when Canada gained a cleat
and held it two minutes. Tlie Swedes put
forth their reserve power and gained rive
cleats, which they held four minutes, and
just at the next to the last minute of the
limit, they tugged again and won amid en
thusiastic cheers.
The day at the Cliff House was a very
quiet one. The Dark had quite an excite
ment between 2 and 3 o'clock, caused by a
runaway team, which was gallantly cap
tured by Captain Thomson.
E. Gossm an of 404 Stockton street was
driving a spirited team through the p.irk,
when one of the horses began to kick and
got over the pole, breaking it. Both
horses then became terrified and dashed
off, upsetting the buggy on a bank. Goss
man was thrown out with great violence,
but was not much hurt. A stableman
took tne horses home. They were not in
jured.
The most interesting event at the
Chutes yesierday afternoon was the bal
loon ascension of Professor Mnrkeburg.
It was one of the best they have had. ±le
made a parachute- descent and landed in
the park, just this side of the Olympic
Club house.
• — ♦ — •
There are only two scarlet flowers native
of Enzland— the poppy and the scarlet
pimp^rnal— and both these flourish best
on <lry and sunny spots. Nearly all other
scarlet flowers are imported.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1897.
WEARY WALKER
NOW A WHEELER
Has Found a Substitute
for Brakebeams and
Railroad Ties.
His Up-tc-Date Costume Savors
of Both the Road and the
"Bike."
He Is Visiting This City and Wishes
to Appear on Well-Lighted
Bituminous Pavements.
"Bicycle Jim" has struck San Fran
cisco. He is a tramp on wheels and arxre
character. He bowled up Market street
from the Oakland ferry yesterday, finally
finding a resting-place at the fountain.
His strange outfit and his own peculiar
appearance attracted a crowd of boisler-
UPm no professional bike-rider, but Pm tired of hittin* the bumpers.
See?" said "Bicycle Jim/ the fin de siecle tramp who
has taken to the wheel.
ous at once, and he was soon surrounded
by a curious throng.
He was a iin de siecle tramp of the first
water. He wore knickerbockers, long
stockings, bicycle shoes, a peaKed cap and
a sweater. These were all the worse for
wear, it is true, and parched in many
places with cloths of many colors, but in
pattern they were thorouehly up to date.
Out from a pocket in his "knickers"
"Bicycle Jim 1 ' drew the stub of a cigar
ette and nonchalantly asked a bystander,
who was smokinsr, for a light. He seemed
to enjoy being stared at by the crowd and
to appreciate the fact that at that par
ticular moment he was a center of attrac
tion.
"I'm no professional bike rider," said
the unique tramp to a questioner; "I'm
not out fer enny record, either; I got
tired of hittin 1 the bumpers, see? An 1 1
tumbles on to this hero way of gettin'
aroun' d' world. Goin' it ti is away I hits th'
country away from the railroads, fee?
An' I gets a better handout than the rail
road gang. I hit this graft las', sprine an'
I've covered d' ground between Noo York
and here since then. It was pretty tough
comin' across d' plains, but d' cattlemen
treated me fust class for d' most part an'
I managed to worry along all right. I'm
goin' to hit fer d' southern part of this
Mate from here, an' will put in d' winter
down Los Angeles way.
"Where do I sleep? Well, say, you don't
think that I'm pinin' my lay off to d'
po-leece, d' ye? Wen I'm on d' road I
takes tings as dey come, 'f I can't get a
shakedown in a farmhouse I can snooze
just as well in a barn or a haystack. In
d' City it's different, but I'm not spendin'
any dollars in hotel accommodashuns.
Well, solong, I wants to got d' lay of d'
town. I'll be here several day, I reckon,
an' maybe I will see you again."
Mounting his dilapidated wheel "Bicy
cle Jim" pedaled into Kearny street and
went s-kimming up that thoroughfare at a
lively clip.
ROLLED THE PUSH BULL
Imperials and Howards Try Out
the New Game at the
Velodrome.
Not Ku:h Science Exhibited, bat Con
siderable Excitement and Some
Absurdities.
The huge rubber sphere known as the
•'push ball" was rolled out into the field
at the Velodrome yesterday and a small
crowd of curious spectators watched two
"sevens" from the Howard and the Im
perial football teams demonstrate what
they didn't know about the new game,
which is said to be very popular in the
East.
Push ball is an interesting game. When
it is not exciting it is ludicrous, and at all
times it is apparently harmless. Neither
team was in a particularly good condi
tion, and both were equally ignorant of
the idiosyncrasies of the great rubber ball.
The gam#, which consists, an the name
implies, in pushing the ball, each team
endeavoring, as in football, to cross the
other's L'oal line, requires a great deal
more exertion than is apparent to the
spectators. In order to keep the niayers
in any kind of vim it was necessary
yesterday to allow them to rest two min
utes after one minute's play. Ojdinanly
the periods of tbe play are two minutes
each. Ten minutes' play constitutes a
half, after which a fifteen-minuie inter
mission is had.
The Howaros, who a couple of season's
ago formed a football team, had the best
of the argument from tbe rirst.
Tbe Imperials, who had been in a rather
lively mixup over the pigskin at San Ra
fael Saturday, were somewhat addicted to
that justly celebrated tired feeling, and
time alter time the big windbag went
rolling over the whitewashed line which
they were supposed to be looking after.
Only once did the ball roll to suit them,
and they had to be satisfied with a score
of 24 to 1 in favor of the Howards.
The players were:
Howards— C. Bernhard, W. Wilson, R.
Ready, H. Diedrich, E. Stantenbnrg, J.
Hughes, 1). Mahoney, H. McNevin, D.
Atkinson.
Imperials— R. Weber, J. Moore, N. Mnl
lin, R. Reno, H. Watkins, R. Cornell, W.
Leawy. F. Johnston.
The teams intend to practice during the
week, and a more scientific contest is ex
pected next Sunday.
AROUND THE DIAMOND.
The Alaineda Al«?ts Defeated by the
San Francisco Athletic Club.
The Alaineda Alerts met defeat a second
time yesterday at the hands of the San'
Francisco Athletic Club aggregation. At
the end of the ninth inning the score
stood 6 to 4 in favor of the Athletic Club.
There have been a great many fine
games played at Central Park this season,
but yesterday's game surpassed them all.
Both teams played fast from start to
hnisb, and the brilliant plays kept the
large crowd constantly cheering.
In the first inning the Alerts scored two
runs. Bird reached first on a single, ana
Brockoft lollowed with a home-run hit
over the right field fence, bringing in Bird.
The Alerts were hitting Raymond
freely, but the splendid fielding of their
opponents prevented them from scoring.
In the seventh inning the San Francisco
boys began making connections with Mc-
Kee's curves, ana this seemed to rattle the
Alerts. Murphy tipped the ball in front
of the plate and beat it to first. Dreus fol
lowed with a home run, hit over the right
field fence, bringing in Murphy' and ty
ing the score. Raymond hit safely be
tween short and second and Sheeban was
given bis base on bails, advancing Ray
mond to second. With two men on bases
Spellroan bit a long fly to Croll, who iet it
slip through his hands, allowing Raymond
and fcheehan to score, and allowing Spell
man to reach third base. Pheiffer hit to
Brockoff, who fumbled, but got the ball
over in time to put Pbeiffer out, and Shee
nan scored.
Van Norden was given his base on
balls, and in trying to st ral second pot
into a clinch, hut through Goldsworthy's
error gained his base. Reisso followed
-with a bounding hit to Croll, and Van
Norden scored. In trying to steal sec
ond Keis-o was thrown out. Ford was
given his base on balls, and Murphy then
hit to second, forcing Ford out and end
ing the inning. In the eighth Krug made
a home run, but the Alerts were unable to
overcome the lead.
Some of the features of the game were
the lightning throws to bases by Raymond
and Dreus.
The latter prevonted the Alerts from
scoring in the fifth inning by catching
: Bird napping on third, putting him out
j and retiring the Alerts when they had
| three men on bases and Krujr at the bat.
The playing of Brockoff and Krug was of
high order. Ford's playing on tirst yes
terday stamped him aa being one of the
best on the Coast.
The score is as follows:
S. F. A. C. A.B. B. B.H. 8.8. P.O. A. K.
Sheeban, c. f. ...... 8 1 1 0 2 0 0
Spell man. 2b. •* r.f .*> 1 0 0 '_• 0 J
PheliVer. U.4U. 4 0 1 0 3 1 0
< Van Norden. ad.. .2 U 0 U 2 6 U
Helaso. r. f. Al. t... 4 0 10 10 1
Ford. 1 o 2 1 0 0 18 1 1
Murphy. 3b 4 10 0 2 2 1
Dreus. c 4 1 2 0 2 JS 0
Kaymond, p 4 110 0 8 0
Totals 82 6 6 0 27 16 6
ALERTS. A.B. 11. B.K. 8.8. P.n. A. X.
Bird. 1. f 4 110 0)0
Brockoff, 3 b 4 12 0 2 6 1
Hammond, c. i o o o 4 o o
K-U'.'. g.B 4 12 0 3 6 1
AlcKee, p. 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
troll, r. t. 4 0 0 0 10 2
Jaeohson, 1 h 4 0 O U 10 1 0
J. Hammond, c. f. . 4 0 '£ 0 1 0 2
Goldsworthy, -2 b... 3 10 0 3 0 1
Totals. 85 ~i 7 0 £8 15 7
SCOBK BY IXXINHS.
S. F. A. C 0 0 010050*— 6
Base hits 10110030 •— 6
Alerts z i> 0 O I " 0 1 0- 4
Base hits '2 10011 10 0— B
SLXMABV.
Earned runs— Alerts 3, B. F. A. C. 2. Home
runs— B'Orkoff, Lireus, Krug. 'Iwo-base hits— J.
Hammond. Dmis. Bacriflc« hits— l'lieiffar. First
l base on errors— s. F. A. C 2. Alert* 1. First base
on called balls— s. F a. c. 6, Aiert< 1. Left on
bases— f*. F. A. C. 6, Alerts 4. Struck out— By
l'.ny niond '2, by McKee 3. Hit by pitcher—Uold»
worthy. Double plays— Van .>orden to Ford.
Time of game-One hour and lortv-Hve minutes.
Umpire — McDonald. Scorer— Lowry. Attend
ance-1500.
Presidio Athletic Grounds.
Two teams from the Dolphin Boating
and Swimming Club played a charity
game yesterday at the Presidio grounds.
The Syndicates deieated the Oarsmen by
a score of '26 to 11.
The J. J. O'Briens defeated the Kohl
berg, Strauss & Frohmans by a score of 18
toll.
HOGAN MAY DIE.
The Tictlm or an Ell is- street Car in a
Precarious Condition.
John Hogan, the teamster for Buckman
Brothers, who was thrown from his
wagon on Oak street, near Baker, Satur
day afternoon by Kllis-street electric car
565 striKng it, is in a precarious condition
at the Receiving Hospital and his chances
of recovery are very doubtful. His skuli
is fractured and he is also suffering from
internal injuries. He is an unmarried
man about 53 years of age.
Cornelius Engby, the rr.otorman, called
ai the City Prison to .-urrender himself.
Captain Robinson took him to Chiet
Crowley anu the Chief allowed him to go,
as Engby promised to be on hand when
wanted by the police. Engby denies that
he did not ring the bell to warn Hogan of
the approach of the car and claims that
Hogan persistently kept on tli c track.
» — ■» »
TO CUKK A COLD IN ON 15 DAT.
Take Usative BromoQuinine Tablets. Alldrug
tiitt refund the money if it fails to cure. 25c
IN HONOR OF A
WASHINGTON LADY
Mrs. General Michler's
Luncheon at the Uni
versity Club.
Mrs. Newlands Gives a Tea, Com
plimentary to Mrs.
Judge Allen.
Wiofi'ld J-nrs Is Host at a Select
Luncheon at His Hyde-Street
Residence.
On Tuesday last Mrs. General Mlchler gave
a delightful luncheon at the University Club,
complimentary to Mrs. Brown and Miss Brown,
who are visiting here from their home In
Washington, D. C.
The table was elaborately decorated with
red roses. Those asked to meet Mrs. Brown
and her daughter were Mrs. Holt, Mrs. Sidney
Smith, the Misses Sjmith, Mrs. Milton Latham,
Mrs. William Taylor, Mrs. K. G. Kittle aud
Mrs. Charles A. Baldwin.
On last Tuesday afternoon Mrs. James New
lands gave a tea at her residcuce, corner of
Clay and L>evisadero streets, complimentary
lo Mrs. Judee Allen of San Jose. Assisting
Mrs. Newlands to receive her guests, who num
bered several hundred, were Mrs. de Ruyter,
Miss Bettie Ashe, Miss Jessie Newlands and
Miss Annie Newlands.
Winfield Jones recently entertained a
few guests at luncheon at his home on Hyde
street. His guests were Mr. and Mrs. Pelham
Ames, M:ss Alice Ames, Djr. and Mrs. Hopkins
and Mrs. Holt.
Miss Bessie Bowie and Miss May Friedlander
are visiting Mrs. Will Tevis atStockdale ranch,
near Bakersfield.
Mrs. H. V. Scott of Washington street
gave a card party Thursday afternoon at her
residence in honor of Miss Florets, Peet of San
jose, the fiancee of Lewis Hunter, Mrs. Scoti's
6on. .
Mrs. Ida E. Neal entertained a. party of
frleuds in her rooms at the Palace Hotel on
Christmas eve. The rooms were beautifully
decorated, and in the window stood a large
Christmas-tree laden with Christmas presents
for Master Georgle H. Neal. Those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. Colonel T. A. Nerney, H.
Nerney, Steven Nerney, Mr. and Mrs. W.
Wbeatly, Mr. ana Mrs. R. Lilienthai, Mrs. Van
Vorst, Miss Lillian Van Vorst, miss Adelia Van
Vorsl, Mr. and Mrs. Sessions, Miss Ruby Ses
sions, Mrs. H. Withers, Miss Ruth Withers.
Mrs. M. £. Brown and Miss Erma Schen, niece
of Mrs. Neal.
Dr. W. Armstrong entertained a few of his
gentlemen friencis at his residence, 651 Vallejo
tstreet, last Sunday evening at a dinner party.
Remarks appropriate for the occasion were
made by the gentlemen present and responded
to by the host. Festivities were kept up till a
late hour. Those present were: H. Weil, Henry
Gilbert, Jesse G. Silverstein, Thomas M. Sylvia
and Moe I)*vis.
A very enjoyable surprise party was ten
dered Miss Klla liennebery at her borne on
Jones street Thursday last. A most delightiu'.
evening was spent by all. The main feature of
the evening was the gifts presented to the
young hostess by her friends, among them
being a beautiful pair of silver bells, with
which to ring out the old year and riug in the
new. Over forty guests were present and the
evening was spent in games and dancing. At
midnight supper was served.
E. E. Ames nas returned from an extended
trip through the Eastern States.
The Hawthorne Literary and Social Club met
New Year's eve at the residence of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles lien wick, 136 Haight street, to
sec- the oia year out and bail the new year in.
There were sixty ladles and gentlemen pres
ent, who spent tbe evening in dancing, games
and simps. At 11 P. M. all proceeded to the
dininp-room, where refreshments were
served.
Miss Louisa Ehle, assisted by her sisters,
Irene and Addie, entertained a few of her
schoolmates. at a Christmas tree entertainment
given at the residence of her parents, 1509Ji
Kills street, on Wednesday eve'niug, December
30. Games, recitations, songs and music
formed the evening's programme. Refresh
ments were served at 9 p. m., when each guest
received a souvenir of the evening. Despite
her young years, being only 10 year^ old, Miss
I/inisa treated her little friends to some choice
musical selections.
Mrs. £. A. Hatch entertained a theater
party at the Alcazar at the New Year's mati
nee. "Kiobe" furnished great pleasure to all
in the party.
Mr. and Mrs. Robinson of the Belvedere,
formerly Hotel Mnrlborough, 606 Folsom
street, were surprised and serenaded Wednes
day evening by the guests of the house and
friends. A fine orchestra of ten performers,
under the able leadership of Professor Soeby,
took possession of one of a suite of parlors.
And three others being thrown open a spacious
ballroom was improvised, which was soon
used by the younger element. Popular and
classic music admirably rendered -and merry
dancing formed a delightful entertainment.
A nice supper was served. The serenade and
surprise were a farewell to the old house,
which has been conducted by Mr. and Mrs.
Robinson for five years previous to removal to
the New Belvedere, opposite.
Among those present were: Professor and
Mrs. Soeby, the Misses Frances and Miia Dan
son, Bertha Reinhart, Marie Hacke.t, Flossie
and Ruth Whipple, Lulu Bouton, Isabel and
Rosie Lee Kelly, Mrs. M. A. Hackett, Mrs. A.
Brannan, Mrs. H. Wood, Mrs. F. Demoro, Mr.
and Mrs. Erlp.nd Gjesslng, Mr. and Mrs. W. J.
Fox, Mr. snd Mrs. Charles Youns, Mr. and
Mrs. F.zra Hinckley, Mr. and Mrs. L. Whipple,
Mr.- and Mrs. H. Whipple: Messrs. J. P. Con
lon, O. Schober, J. McMahon, J. Hays, N. Ca
mera, A. Boisson. R. Schible, Dr. Siejjrest, Dr.
Riley, Captain Hanson, Captain Graf, R. A.
Agnew, W. McCann, Witcner Anderson, Mr.
Wie-sel. Mr. Schulthies, Mr. Maynard, Mr.
Anderson, Mr. Gautt, Mr. HhCkett, A. Kohler,
Mr. Brannan, Mr. and Mrs. George ißobinson,
Miss G. W. Robinson, Miss Dollie Robinson.
The engagement is announced of Miss Maud
Tryon Alberger, youngest daughter ot Colonel
aud Mrs. W. C. Alberger, to J. Edwin Dorry of
Baltimore.
Miss Evelyn Carson gave a Christmas-tree
party Wednesday afternoon at her home, 1927
Geary stieet. Among those present were:
Bernice Burr, Alice Carson, Re be and Lola Mc-
Feely, Becca Ragnn, Berths . bavage, Eitith
Lloyd, Grade Lloyd, Adele Block and sister,
Marion Marvin, Rosie Frohman, Marion White
head, Helen Darling, Genevieve Vaughn, Mar
guerite, Lillie and Bella Baptiste. Hilda
Wicker, B. Lonßstein, Gracie Hayes. Elsie Mil
ler. Waiter Wicker, Jo and Viucent Vaughn,
Walter Miller.
A pretty wedding took pin ce on the 29th of
December, the contracting parties being Miss
Nellie Attrldge and William Donovan. Albert
snunders was best man and Miss Carrie Reins
hagen bridesmaid. The bride wore a pretty
gown of pink crepe, trimmed in white satin.
After the ceremouy, which was performed at
the residence of Rev. Mr. Fnendeling. they re
turned to their brother-in-law's, G. W. Saun
ders, 734 Pine street, where a supper was
served.
At her home on Golden Gate avenue Mrs.
GiselmAn delightfully entertained from 3 to
6 on Saturday evening last a number of- her
friends at a matinee tea in honor of her
daughter. The six assisting young ladies were
powued in whitu and wore yellow blossoms.
The rooms were artistically decorated in yel
low flowers ribbous and ferns.
A most enjoyable surprise party was ten
dered Miss Eupbrat at her home on Golden
Gate avenue on New Year's rye. Among
those present were: Emile Wehsor. Mrs. L.
Reuensbarger, Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Fleishman,
1,. Pursch, .Miss Elsie Simon, I. Cmmer, Miss
M. Meyers, T. Ferstnand, Mis* Julia Wagner,
E. Regcnsberiter, A. Israe.Bky, Miss P. Eis
felder. Miss C. Regensberger, I. Steinhart, S.
Regensb?rirer, Miss lint tie Wagner, Mrs. Wag
ner, L. Nathan, Miss F. Euphrat, K. Euphrat.
Tucj-day niternoon the following children
were charmingly and hospitably entertained
by Mrs. T. 11. Browne at Der residence, 4032
Twenty- fifth street: Linda Arvidson, Rita
Newman, Ellne Rhew, Sere Rhew, Dora Banz,
Belle Banz, Lillie Arvidson, Kathleen Byrnes,
Gertrude Byrnes, Margie Orion, Knapp Orton,
Mamie Montgomeiy. George Montgomery,
Siretta Jones, Howard Hawkins, living U.-tw
kins, Gladys Jones, Harry Jones, Willie Quinn,
Eddie Qu:nn, Pennte Sullivan, Clarence Wil
lred Browne and Charlie Parrish.
The principal femure of the entertainment
was a bright Christmas tree, which was laden
with dol.s for the girls nud most unique jump
ing-jacks for the boys, besides nuts tied candy
in abundance.
The Misses Springer of Castro and Alvarado
streets gave aii enjoyable party on New Year's
eve to their many friends. The rooms were
handsomely decorated with evergreens and
ferns and streamers of smilax. Games and
dancing occupied the earlier hours of the
even in*. At midnight a grand inarch for the
dining-room was formed and ■_ all ' partook
heartily of the good things offered. After sup
per the Christmas tree was stripped of the
pretty things ana. duncing. resumed Among
Springer, Misses Josie * and . K a c Clark, -n m
BoyerT George, Charlie and Will Armbrunster,
Misses Fannie and Gertie Springer,. Miss Gladys
MalLel. H. Geary,' Louis Springer -_-_ . .
Dr. and Mrs. W. Z. King of 521 Capp street
issued invitations =to their friends^ ;*«• an at
h ome from 8 p. m.. December 31. to b A. M. Jan
narv 1 1897 A gay night wos spent with
mu'sVgamesand dicing! A dainty supper
was served at 11 P. M. and a hot . breakfast at
5 a. M. Those present were: ; Mr. -and. Mrs.
Charles Fonda, Hiss Delia Emmons, Miss M.
McManis, Miss Randal, Miss Rena Reasoner,
Miss May Marsh, Miss Julie Marsh, Miss Grace
Glidden, Miss Flora King, Miss Marion Mack
intosh, Miss Nellie Partridge.' Miss btella. Mc-
Allister, Miss Mettie Kinsr, Gertie laber,
Jeanet McAllister, Dr. John Townsend,
Charles Perkins. G. Belfrage, Robert Jones,
B. G. Franklin, A. Brown, E.^T. Morris, J.
H. Boyfon, John McCuHougb, E. Stir, H. t.
Marsh, Walter Glenn. Ralph • Glenn, Bamer
Payne and George R. King, -2&
A very successful party was given . by the
members of tbe Young South End Social Club
at the residence of Miss Alice Xearin, 141JJ4
Kolsom street, on New Year's eve. The even
ing was spent in dancing and music Among
those present were : Henry Brandon, Miss Laura
Laubbenner, Walter Watson, Miss Georgia
Hamilton, George Carey, Miss Kittle Gill, Wm.
Malone. Miss Kitty Dousey, John Lang, Miss
Emily Watson, George McDermott, Miss Josie
Sullivan. Charles McFadden, Miss: Daisy
Sweeney. James Masterson; Miss Gertie Smith,
John O'Brien, Miss Rose Jacobs, David Cash
man, Miss Helen Block, Charles McGinerty,
Miss Kertha Blocks, Clarence Porter, Miss
Rosie O'Grady, Dr. Hawley, Miss Ida -Watson
Dunn, Thomas , Whaley, Miss Mary ; Dansey,
William Flynn, Miss Frances O'Brien, Thomas
Doxey, Matthew Mathews. Charles Levy, Miss
Kate Fiynu, W. Monahan, Miss La Loie Fuller.
The club Intends to give a party on Saturday,
February 20, at tlie residence of Mis.s Lala
Laubheimer, in Alameda County.
A pleasant little New Year party was given
by the Misses Lon« to a number of their i
friends on Friday nvening at the residence of I
their parents, 1833 a Howard street. The af- ]
fair was made quite enjoyable by the vocal
solos rendered by Carl G. Mohl and Elmer
Peters and a few of the young ladies. Atier
making merry with • dancing and games the
guests were escorted r to the dining - room,
where a dainty supper wns served.. Among
those present were: Miss Ktta M. Welsh, Miss
Marguerite G. Baker, Mi,ss Ada V. Long. Miss
Laura Galle, Miss Cora E. Long, Miss Margaret
Mullins, Miss Marie T. Long, Carl Scnad, Bur
leigh Maguire, Walter H. Smith, WililanT A.
Merriam, Elmer S. Peters and Carl G. Mohl.
The Comus Club, tiio leading club of the
Mission, had a banquet In its new quarters,'
corner Folsom and Twentieth streets, on New
Year's eve. After dining there were songs,
instrumental selections and some eloquent
speech-making. There - were about 'thirty
members and guests present. The officers ,of
the club are: President,'. Robert- Varney;
vice-president, A. Clough; secretary, Robert
Helen; treasurer, Frank English.
A most en joyable evening was spent New
Year's at Miss Jennie Curries, 1310 Grove
street, where a large party of young people
gathered for the purpose of forming a social
and literary club. The following officers were
unanimously elected: President, H. L. Dietz,
M. D. ; vice-president, Miss Mac Miller; secre
tary and treasurer, J. A. Kuykendall, M. D. ; |
seigeant-at-armf. Miss Jennie Currie. . Alter
the election of officers and the business of the
evening were over games and dances were in
dulged in and refreshments were served.
The engagement is announced of .Miss Clara
Loewy to Leo Hertzmann, Doth of this City. "
The engagement is announced of Miss' Eliz
abeth Weisskopf to Emil Bibo of Bernalillo,
N. M. They will receive at the home of the
bride's sister, Mrs. L. Reich, between the hours
of 2 and 5 p. M. Tuesday, January 5.
A surprise party was tendered to Miss B. I
Goldman by her many friends at the Potrero |
at her mother's home on Kentucky street. A
most delightful evening was spent in the New- j
Year's . rejoicing, which lasted to an early |
hour.
Mrs. L. C. Branch. Mrs. Maddux and Miss
Maddux have removed from 3009 Sacramento
street to 2101 California street, and will be at
home on tne secor.d and third Fridays of each,
mouth.
\V. D. Gerke of Baltimore, Md., is registered
at the Baldwin Hotel. •
Dr. and Mrs. K. I'ischl arrived in Naples
December 3 and when last heard from were in
Rome.
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Heilfron will celebrate
their wooden wedding to-morrow evening at
525 Fell street. No card* have been issued.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Charks Green are stopping
at 1001 Sinter street and will be &i borne on
the first Tuesday in February.
Mr. and H. Mrs. Abraham (nee Davis) have
returned and will De at home next Sunday,
January 10, at their residence, 18)-£ Rincon
place. _^^______^___
A PLEA TOR THE HOMELESS CAT
A Hospital for Diseased and Wounded
Members of the Feline Family.
Mrs. E. C. William writes from 80 Park
road, Hampstead : "Last January I built
and opened a home, calling it the 'Lon
don Home for Lost Cats.' Since that date
I have received the enormous number of
over 1856 miserable, homeless animals,
some in the most dreadful state of disease
or broken limbs, rescued oni of empty
houses and areas, from cruel boys or
starring in the squares of our great
London. Case after case I have had
brought to me in such a wounded condi
tion as to soften the heart of the most
hardened person. My staff consists of
two young men in uniform, a girl and two
secretaries.
"The lails are all day rescuing »nd fetch
ing cats upon receipt of postal card. I re
ceive letters by the dozen daily, pointing
out cases to rescue. The home consists of
the healthy cats' department — i. c., wait
ing for homes — the infirmary for good cats
that are sick, the kittens' department and
three compartments for strays, which are
sent three times a week to the Battersea
lethai chamber, where, for tid a head (con
tract), they are at once mercilully" and
painlessly destroyed. I average the enor
mous number of eighty to one hun
dred cats weekly, 80 per cent of
which are sent to their long sleep.
I opened this home against every
difficulty thrown in my way, not the
least being the jeers and sneers of the pub
lic, crowds of boys, pelting my servants,
etc I am now, I think, fairly established,
anU the public at least appreciate my
bumble efforts on behalf of the most ill
used, uncareci-for, and neglected of God's
creatures— the cat. Every day I receive
letters of praise and thanks ior my work,
but few of them inclosing even the small
est help for the material part of my work.
The ext>enses are between £7 and £8 a
week; but few send me more than the
merest trifle, and many refuse even my
servant's fares, though requesting him to
call long distances. Let me earnestly en
treat lor help to carry on my mission of
mercy, now that the winter is nigh!"—
London Times.
Mi«s Dora Spiller distinguished herself
in Essex, England, by riding to hounds on
a bicycle. She was thrown several time
surmounted six stiles, was in at the death
and was presented with the brush.
~-.^~~^ NEW TO-DAT.
What Ails^ou i ?
J|ANY PEOPLE COMPLAIN OP FEELING OUT OF - SORTS IN VARIOU9
- 1 "- ways and yet are not able to tell what causal Th« a BUi ' 1 1 8 ,*? VAKI OU3
take a course of medical treatment but know t V a \' Thcy J° aot f< -' cI bad enou ? h to
v«V vVi/r s-v "™* tmen -. out know that something is wrong. Of course
u^^iwfePi&vV// c»,? c 1 eeaS attention, for"no one feels bad without a
bS^K^S^^HaK' a f nd> fei9 WhCre p .iBanden proves his graat value.
V&^TS^^tJi^ has the i faculty of telling hi* patients what the trouble
'N*£jerisie fil¥»i t'i^ni lO " eSty tO " dTisetheiß for their benetit. ■ Often
U^!^!lS£JS^» Jl« ° nl , y a I ttle nerve trouble . w^ich can be cured in a
HBK^^S®^inrT^ W ," hDr - Sanden>s '^ou 3 Electric Belt, or it
™ay b ,! th e forebodln K'.°«>e'ious complications which re-
r 7ff^7 .:«.,-• quire nasty action. 'In either case Sanden willfrankly
year^experience inmedicScSKa^now ?" eWeU health He h liad tbirt
nothine for examination aBd P .™ perfon^ dl^ s e in all its forms. He cbar es
Sanden Eiectric Belt will cure he wnr!iv«,K y ' r by m&i ' and if ha ■»y»"tne; Dr.
his personal attention until U^e h :uTe"s g :o ce m th p rerd Uent bCnefU ' ° f Ch^ Ot
«-« .Vh;sas t d i ssK;r £ r. n YEs r sa d n , den '- Eiectric Beit - y - * «
electricity. It is unsafe to use eleotri^ medicine ««<! an expert in meu.cal
MINING BRINGS
MONEY WEST
The State Mineralogist's
Report Shows En
couragement
All Sections of the State Feel
the General Pros
perity.
Capitalists Begin to See That Their
Money Has Rare Chances in
California.
In view of the widespread interest
abroad in mining matters in California the
last report of J. J. Crawford, State Miner
alogist, is fraught with more than the
usual interest.
Though the report is for the two years
ending September 15, 1896, it has just
been issued.
It appears from the report that nearly
55,000 persons interested in mining mat
ters have visited the museum in two
years, showing an average of more than
2000 persons each month, and nearly 700
new samples have been labeled and added
to the list of curiosities.
That foreign capital is seeking invest
ment in Caliiornia mines as it has not
done for years has lately been shown by a
series of articles in The Call. The State
Mineralogist shows that this is true. Un
der the heading of "Quartz Mining" he
says:
I am pleased to say that continued activity
has prevailed, and still continues, in nearly
all lines of the mining industry, with every
encouragement for still greater future devel
opment. A great deal of capital is seeking in
vestment in legitimate mining enterprise,
and it is a matter for congratulation that the
citizens of California show confidence in the
mines of their own State by investing as liber
ally as non-residents.
While nearly all other industrial pursuits
are stagnant and unprofitable, that of mining
seems to have proved profitable and remuner
ative during the past few years. Statistics
show that of all the industrial occupations
minine is the most profitable. The average
annual product or earning ppr capita, in Cali
fornia, of thuse engaged in farming is about
$300; in manufacturing, including its boun
ties, about $1000; in miniim, with all its bur
dens and penalties, nearly $1500. And yet
many people denounce the business of mining
as comparatively precarious and unprofitable.
The censuses of 1894 aud 1896 of those en
gaged in mining, milling, quarrying, well
boring, etc, prepared from the reports of our
field assistants, show an increaie of over 40
per cent during the past two years. It is t>os
sible that some hundreds of white men and
Chinese were not enumerated, inasmuch as
many work alone, ground-sluicing or rocking
in 'ravines remote from the mines and the
roads.
The report shows that 13.765 men were
engaged in mining in 1893-94 arnji that th«
number was increased to 19,508 in 1895-90.
Re;, arding the localities mat have reaped
benefits from the influx of capital, Mr.
Crawford says:
While gold still continues to be by far our
largest mineral product, the annual value of
our non-metallic substances has now reached
$ 1.348,280; hydrocarbons and pnses, fgl 404,
--3:21, and structural materials $2,713,755. It
is worthy of note thai in addition to the pre
cious me taiH there were thirty-six other min
eral substances produced. From the above
table it ia evident that the great increase waa
due to tlie mining of preciou? metals.
The attention of investors has not been aW
tracted to any one particular section, but
every gold-producing county sh»red in the
general prosperity. Trinity and Shasta coun
ties on the north have been particularly
favortd by large investment of foreign capital,
and the operations of the Mountain Miner
Company (Limited) have directed the atten
tion of prospectors and others to copper, and
its exploitation is a?ain becoming quite gen
eral. The mother-lrde belt, which extends
through a number of counties in the State, has
become a favorite field for investors in gold
bearing properties, and some eigantic opera
tions are in progress and contemplation. The
demand for the Bureau's geological map of
the mother lode exhausted the supply, and a
new and corrected edition was issued last
spring. All mineral patents granted to January
1 of this year, and so much of the "Mariposa
grant" as could be delineated upon ihe map
without changing' its form, have been added.
There have been numerous "mother-iode
maps" issued within the past year by private
parties, but the demand for our map Con
tinues.
So great an interest has been taken in the
subject of the mother lode tuat the lectures of
our curator. Henry S. Durden, and H. \V. Fair
banks, Ph.D., drew respectively large audi
ences: Mr. Fairbanks has kindiy revised his
notes, and his very interesting and useml pa
per, "Ore Deposits, With Esp-cial Reierence
to the Mother Lode," is printed In the latter
part of this volume. The close study Mr. Fair
banks has given to this subject while in the
employ of the bureau makes him an authority
and his paper valuable. South of Tehachapi
the same general interest prevails. In Kern
County, forty-five miles east of Mojave, a new
district was formed during the winter of 1895
--9b and some very promising ledges located
If the ledges hold with depth, Randsburg will
become an important mining center, although
it experiences serious drawbaCKs In scariitv of
both water and fuel. The outlook ior River
side, San Bernardino and San Diego counties
is promising, and the last of the three boasts of
having a mill (Golden Cross) containing the
greatest number of stamps (100) under one
roof in the Slate, although the total plant (140
stamps) is equaled by the Utica-Stickle.
Particular attention is called to the list Ot
ml^is inserted at the end of each county un
der the head ot "Gold," which has been pre
pared fromthe notes of our field assistants.
The report shows the results of ru.ning
by counties, and covers alt classes of pro
duction, from bituminous rock to gold. It
will be forwarded to any citizen of Cali
fornia for 17 cents and to those outside of
the State for $1. The data submitted will
probably attract considerable capital to
the Golden "West.
Some of the orders for books sent to
.London publishers by country correspond
ents are highly amusing. One boookseller
wrote for a work by "Harry Stockles "
when he wanted something of Aristotle's*
another who wanted "Gnudeamus " by
Farmer, asked for "God aim us.' by a
larmer," and a third sent a request for
"Pharaoh's Life of Christ," when ho
wanted Dean Farrar's celebrated work.TO PURIFY THE
MILK SUPPLY
The Dairymen's Union
. Drafts a Tubercu
losis Bill.
■It Provides for the Inspection
.. " . of Dairies and Dairy
Cattle.
• A Measure Rendered Necessary by
the Spread cf Disease Garms
j . in Impure Milk.
- : . ■
. . The Dairymen's Union has drafted an
. . ■•important bill on tuberculosis, which will
■be introduced into the Legislature during
•■' the forthcoming session.
This is a step the necessity for which
-. ..can, no longer be disputed. Medical men
v.re almost unanimous in declaring that
• : - impure miik has in the past been directly
... 'responsible for the spread of disease
. germs, and particularly those of tubercu
..■•■• losis, or, as it is more frequently termed,
'- consumption, among children and adults,
.". and nave repeatedly urged that the health
.of the community imperatively demanded
"*€ t be scientific inspection of the milk
': supply.
'" A step in this direction was taken in
.this City by appointing a milk inspector.
The duties of that functionary, however,
do not extend beyond the boundaries of
the municipality and it is now considered
obvious that a measure must be framed
. which will strike at the root of the evil, to
. the extent of rendering municipal super
vision practically unnecessary.
The bill which has been drafted by the
' Dairymen's Union has this laudable ob
ject iv view. It empowers and requires
the general agent of the State Dairy
. Bureau to inspect all dairies and cream
: cries in the State together with all dairy
cows at least once a year, and makes pro
•. vision lor the .destruction or segregation
. of diseased animals, as may be deemed
necessary.
It also deals with the supply of. dairy
products by retail, and imposes penalties
lor any violation of its provisions. Fol
lowing is the text of the bill in full:
An act to provide for the inspection of dai
ries as to tbe health of the stock, aud of cream
eries as to their snnitary condition; to prevent
the sale of milk, butter or cheese lor drink or
food to tl>e people of this State, made from
: ' milk drawn from diseased cows; to prevent
and abate infectious and contagious diseases
among stock aud to appropriate money there
•-•• for.
The People of the State of California, repre
sented in Senate and Assembly, do entict as
follows:
• Section 1. Ho person or persons, firm or cor
poration shall setl or offer ior sale any impure,
■ unclean or unwholesome milk, or any article
. • of food manufactured therefrom, or oi cream
■ ' irom the same, or from milk drawn from coivs
. • either within fifteen days before or within five
• days after partur: : and milk drawn from
". cows fed on slops or unwholesome food snail
: be' conclusiveiy held to be unclean, impure
: . ' and unwholesome.
.Sec. 2. No person or persons, firm or corpor
ation, shall Lell or offer for sale any miik, or
• any article of food manufactured therefrom,'
" or of cream irom the same, that is drawn from j
•■• a cow or cows affected with lump jaw, swelled I
' neck, swelled leg, mud f«ver or ulcerated I
sores, or wit other diaea&e that causes the cow j
..■ to become feverish, or that a state of feverish- i
•■ ■ ness accompanies. -*■ •<■"•'-•" •• ••-.•j« ■-■-•-•
■i -Sec. 3. It shai; be the duty of the State Dairy
.1 ireau, by its general agent and assistant,
:> ' -irom time to time as may be required, and at j
.-'• least oncts in every year, to inspect all dairies !
• ..and creameries in tne State aud carefully in- !
-. vestigate the Banitary conditions of the same. !
\":\ Said bureau shall also, at the same time, in- j
'.' /■spect all dairy cows used for dairy purposes !
fur infectious aud contagious diseases, and ■
. :• especially the disease known as bovine tuber- 1
■ ■ culosis. And after such inspection if said ■
," ■_. agent or assistant agent believes or has reason
■-. ' to believe that any infectious orcontagious
•• disease exists among the stock inspected he I
- . shall ca:l a veterinary surgeon te make a i
.. th6rou;;h Inspection and examination of the |
animals so- believed to be affected. Said veter- i
-■; mary surgeon shall be an appointee of tho j
s-tate Dairy Bureau, as herein Alter enacted, \
.•".Such veterinary surgeon shall issue his certili- '
■ eate oi his examination under such rule* as;
the State Dtiiry Bureau map enact and duly 1
• entered on the minutes of said bureau. i
• ; Sec 1. The State Dairy Bureau sball and i
tßey are hereby directed to appoiut as many :
ns3is »nt agents as in their judgment may be
required to carry out' the provisions ol this
act, and to fix the compensation, exclusive of
t,' It actual expenses. Whenever competent
assistant agents can he found in counties
■■ where such inspection is to be bnd, the State
Dairy Bureau shall by an order entered on its
• lninutes appoint such residents of such coun- i
ties or districts; provided, that such assist
. ant agents shall have had practical experience
m the manufacture of .lairy proaucis and the
■ care and hi.udiing of dairy cows.
•The State Dairy Bureau sfta.ll also appoint
'•such n number of veterinary surgeons as in j
' their judgment may oe required. No veteri- i
nary surgeon shall be appointed who has not
attended st least two years a recognized vet
• erinary college and who ha> had at least three
.-" years" practical experience in taat profession.
SiOd bureau shall fix his compensation not to j
•' exceed five ao.la« per day for each day !
••• .actually employed and his necessary expenses.
*uch appointment* shall, ii possible, be made
•. to residents within the cjuiuy or district
- . where the work is tv be perfoimed.
Sec 5. All persons appointed by the bureau i
.- to carry out the provisions of Uiis act shall !
; render, under cath, to the slat.' D.iiry Bun*u, j
•' ■ on or before the Inst Uay oi eaci aud every |
. mouth a detailed statement of the number of I
.'. 'days actually employed during the month;
-. also, an itemized statement, uii'ler oath, of ]
 iheir actual expenses, and all items charged '
exceeding the sum of .$1 shnll be accompanied !
, by a receipted voucher (except railroad fares). |
Se.c. <>. Whenever,' in the judgment of trie i
: rinary surgeon, it shall b_> necessary to |
' t *>e.ujrhter any animal or animals for the benefit j
*, Oi the public nealth. beakall so certify his !
reasons therefor to the agent ordering sucn j
... inspection. Theaeent shall notify the owner j
or owners of such animals of the decision of I
. : said veterinary rargeon, and shall order the I
• animals specified in the veterinary's order
slaughtered fortnwith. ■ The agent shall lixthe
value of each and «very herd of snimals bo
slaugntered not to exceed the assessed value |
on the assessment bouks of tne county where-
Mid cows were last assessed, and iv no case
shall compensation be allowed for animals
slaughtered that have not been In the State
for three months or more next preceding their
slaughter.
• . Any person or persons not satisfied with the
amount fixed by the agent of the bureau may
appeal from th'j agent's decision to the State
Duiry Bureau, who st,a 1 set a day for hearing
Wie matter complained of. A majority of the
members shall decide the matter as to the i
aiifount due the owr;er of stock so slaughtered \
• not to exceed the assessed value as aioresaid. j
- Sec. 7. Any owner or owners of dairy cows i
• - desiring to have their herd-, tested by a veter- i
. iiiary surgeon employed by the State Dairy j
Bureau for bovine tuberculosis, shajl notify i
tbe bureau of the same. Said bureau shall j
j have such tests made. The veterinary surgeon '
Jhnkiug isuch tests shall make a report in de-
* t " Uiil to the bureau, and also shall deliver to
the party or parties asking for the test a certi- )
' tied copy of the same, over his own signa
ture; provided, the owner or owners nsking j
• for isucti test shall lurnlsh, at their own ex
pense, such assistants as the veterinary sur
•' 'geon inuy require in making such tests. •
Sac. 8. The State Dairy Bureau is hereby di
• rected and empowered to pretcribe rules and I
• regulations for the carrying out of the require- j
« rut-nts of this act, and provide such forms and
instructions hs iv tnoir judgment will be ne
crs-iary. Ail rules ana regulations made by the \
bureau shall be cntereu in theminutesof ih«lr
meetings, and copies ot the same be priuteu for
'distribution to those applying. •> •■'■ ~"
. Sec. U. It shall be the duty vi each veterinary
• (*urgeou appointed by the bureau to report to
i*-'jreauon or before the last day of each aud
\ i y mouth, in detail, his work, iii such man
ifer and form as the bureau limy direct, on
blanks furnished by the bureau. It shall be
the duty of the agent and assistant auents of
the bureau to report on or beiore the last : day
of eßch and every mouth, iv detail, his work,
•In such a manner and form as the bureeu I
direct, oo blanks furnished by. tho bureau.- ;
Sec 10. Whenever the Bi/eiu or any assistant
agent of the bureau inspects any dairy,
creamery or other place where milk is pro
duced and butter and cheese manufactured,
nciuding cow barns, corrals and hog yards,
ma utensils used, and finds the snme not in
good snnitary condition, be shall direct in
writing such changes t<> be made as will put
the same in good snnitary condition. Sucn
written directions .-hall be served on the
o^vner or owners, or upon the person or per
sons having charge or control of the prem
ises, giving the parties so notified fifteen days
to make such chancres as directed. If such
changes are not made within the fifteen duys,
the person or persons refusing or neglecting
to make such changes suail be deemed guilty
of a misuemeanor, and punished as hereiri
afier prescribed.
Sec. 11. It shall be the duty of the District
Attorney upon application of the agent of the
Dairy Bureau to attend to the prosecution, in
the name of the State, of any action brought
for the violation of any of the provisions of
this act, within his district.
Sec. 12. Whenever any infectious or conta
gious diseases affecting domestic animals
shall be brought into or break out in this
State, the Stale Dairy Bureau, by its agent
and assistant audits shall take prompt meas
ures i'o suppress the same, and to prevent
such disease irom spreading, and tor that
purpose Shall order furms and other places
quarantine, so that no animal shall be moved
troin or brought to the premises or places
quarantined, and shall prescribe «uch regula
tions as he or they may deem necessary to pre
vent the communication of the disease by in
fection or contagion from the place so quaran
tined. The agent or assistant agents of the
bureau may call a veterinary surgeon to assist
in investigating the disease*.
Sec. 13. Any person or persons, firm or cor
poration refusing to comply or conform to the
proTisioiuo! this act when required to do so
by said State Dairy Bureau, its ageat or assist
ant agents, or who shah in any manner inter
fere with them, or any of them, in the per
formance of their duties under this act, shall
|k- guilty of a misdemeanor. Whoever shall
violate any of the provisions or sections of this
net shall upon conviction thereof be punished
lor the first offense by a fine of not less than
twenty-live dollars ($25). not more than fifty
dollars (ifso) and costs, or by imprisonment in
the County Jail not iess than twenty-tivedays,
not more than fifty days, and for each subse
quent offense by a fine of not less than fifty
dollars (SSO), not more than one hundred dol
lars (iflOO) aud costs, or be imprisoned in the
County Jail not less than tiay days, not more
than one hundred days, or by both such fine
and imprisonment, in the discretion of the
court. All fines collected under the provisions
of the act shall be paid to the agent of the
State Dairy Bureau and by said bureau paid
into the State treasury to the credit of the fund
appropriated for the enforcement (if this act.
Sec. 14. It shall be the duty of the State
Dairy Bureau, now provided for by law, to en
force the provisions of this p.ct, and they shall
have the power to employ an agent and such
assistant agents as they may deem necessary
to enforce its provisions.
Sec. 15. Tnere is hereby appropriated for the
use of the State Dairy Bureau in i-arryiug out
the provisions of this uct ont of any money in
the Stiite treasury, not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of $10,000 lor the remainder of the
present JUcni year, and not more than $40,000
shall be expended during eacli fiscal year
thereaiter. All salaries, fees costs and ex
penses incurred in the carrying out of this
law shall be drawn fr^m the money so appro
priated, and the Stato Controller 'shali draw
his warrant on tne State treasury in favor of
the person entitled to the same.
Sec. ltJ. Ail nets or parts of acts inconsistent
with this act are hereby repealed.
Sea 17. This act siiall take effect imme
diately.
DEACON BLUNT`S RECORD
Missed Church Only Twelve
Times in Twenty« Five
Years.
A Pillar of the First Baptist Church
Said to Be Failing-A Week
of Prayer.
During the services at the First Baptist
Church, on Eddy street, yesterday morn
ing, the pastor, Rev. M. P. Boynton, an
nounced to the congregation that it was
feared that Deacon Phineas Underwood
Blunt, an old police officer of this City, {
ana a long-time pillar of the church, is in
extremis from advanced age. Deacon j
Blunt is a pioneer. His record as a ,
:hurob-goer, even while a policeman, is
probably not equaled by any man alive.
tie is certainly the patriarch of church
:oers in California. He has been ill for!
wo years, but, it is said, was no time so |
eeble as he is now .
Mr. Blunt was born July 27. 1809, in
New England. He lived in Boston for a ;
lumber of years, was converted and ;
joined what is now the Clarendon-street I
Baptist Church, on June 3, 1827. In 1849 j
he came to California over the plains and
went to the mines. Coming to this City
;n 1864, he identified himself with the I
First Bapiist Church, and has been ai
nember ever since, except an intermission j
)f a few months when living in Fresno, j
?oon after joining this church he was j
nade deacon, and has filled that office !
sver sinc9 with credit to himself and j
arofit to the church. For eight years he ;
xa# treasurer, which office he resigned !
\heu he removed to Fresno. Resolutions
i
Phineas Underwood Blunt*
! were passed by tne church which show
! hrn to have been a most efficient and sue-
I cessful occupant of that office.
For twenty-five years be attended the
services of the First Baptist Church, both
those of Sunday and the prayer-meeting
on "Wednesday nigbt, and was not absent
j durinirail that period more than twelve
times. This is missing church twice a
■week less than once every two years.
Rev. Mr. Boynton said last evening that
he thought this record unequaled. This
fidelity to the church was not carried out
I without great sacrifice on the part of Sir.
I Blunt in nis everyday business affairs.
His secular Hie is varied and interest
! ing. For some years he was in tbe mines,
! engaged in mercantile business. He was
; in the employ of i lie United States Goy
! eminent in the Custom-house of this
] City for twenty-two years. At one time,
! in this City, he wae captain of police, and
I made an excellent record as an offi
i cer. His mind is yet active notwithsland
j ing his 86 years, and his interest in the.
church is as deep as ever. Mr. Blunt re
| sides at 714 Larkin street.
A week of prayer, or revival, was begun
! yesterday at the First Baptist Church.
| Rev J. S. Norveli of Fresno preached the
| morning sermon, his topic being "Prepar
! aiion from Blessing." There will be ser
[ vices each evening this weefc. Mrs. J. S.
Norvell is said to have quite a reputation
aa an evangelist. Sbe will lead the ser
vices and preach several times during tbe
week.
Klectric Bella in Fiamo.
Aji alarm wns sounded from box 47, at 7:10
o'clock last evening, for a fire, caused by a
leaking gas meter in an electric belt com
pany's establishment, 632 Market street. The
damage amounted to about $50.
TO CUBE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative BroinoQuininci Taij.ets. All dru?,
gists refund the money ii it iails to care. 25c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1897.
HE'S PASSED TO
HIS LAST DEGREE
Death of Albert F. Knorp,
Prominent Mason and
Citizen.
He Was a Pioneer of '51 and
Once Served a Term as
Supervisor.
Sketch of the Lifa ani Successfu
Career of a German Lad Who
Left Home Alone.
Albert Frederick Knorp, a prominent
and well-known citizen, who died at his
residence, 1027 Ellis street at 5 o'clocii last
Saturday morning, was a pioneer of Cali
fornia. He came within two years of be
ing a '49er. He was one of the moat
prominent Masons in this City, and served
a term as Supervisor.
Mr. Knorp was born June 24, 1832, being
ALBERT FREDERICK KNORP.
a native of Stuttgart, Germany. When
18 years of age he announced his inten
tion of becoming a citizen of the United
States, and shortly afterward left alone
for America. He followed his trade of a
millwright in Philadelphia for awhile,
gradually working his way to California.
He arrived in San Francisco in 1851. He
came by Panama and on this side was on
the steamer Uncle Sam, on which bo many
died of cholera on the way up.
He soon located in Suisun, Solano
County, and was proprietor of the princi
pal hotel there about eighteen years. He
served as Coroner of" Solano for two
terms.
It 1872 he finally located in San Fran
cisco with his family, and went into the
planine-mill business In 1888 tne mill,
which was located on Main street, between
Mission and Howard, was destroyed by
the conflagration which swept tbe foundry
and mill district. In 1888 he was elected
Supervisor of the Eighth Ward on the
Republican ticket.
Mr. Knorp was a Royal Arch Mason,
and one of the organizers of King Solo
mon's Lodge. He was also a member of
the order of Odd Fellows, of the Umted
Order of Workmen, the Kni hts of Honor
and several others. His wife died about
three years ago. He leaves a family of
grown-up sons, Dr. F. F. Knorp, who is a
practicing physician of this City, William
T. Knorp, (ieorge H. Knorp, Edward L.
Knorp and one daughter, M. Louise
Knorp. Mr. Knorp was quite wealthy.
The cause oi death was progressive mus
cular atrophy, and his illness was of about
six months duration. The funeral will
take place to-morrow at 12 o'clock, noon,
from King Solomon's Hall, Masonic Tem
ple, under the auspices of King Solomon's
Ljdge. The interment will be in Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
COLONIAL WARS SOCIETY.
The Annual Kl<- tion of Officers at the
Meeting Held in Los Angeles
Hec>*ntly.
The annual meeting of the Society of
Colonial Wars in the State of California
was held in Los Angeles on December 21.
This society is one of the most notable of
the patriotic hereditary organizations, and
has some 1500 members throughout the
United Slates. The requirements for
membership include lineal descent from
some ancestor who served as a military or
naval officer, or as a soldier, sailor or ma
rine, or a< a pnvateerstnan, under author
ity of the Colonies which afterward formed
the Uniied States, from the settlement of
Jamestown, May 13, 1607, to the battle of
.Lexington, April 19, 1775. Persons de
scended Irom the highest civil officers of
tbe original Colonies are also eligible for
membership, 'i ha object of the society is
to perpetuate the memory of tho.se events
and of the men who, in military, naval
and civil volitions, assisted in tbe estab
lishment, delense and preservation of the
American Colonies, and were in truth the
founders of ihis Nation. With this end in
view it seeks to collect and preserve man
uscripts, rolls, relics and records, to pro
vide suitable memorials relating to the
colonial period, and to inspire in its mem
bers the fraternal and patriotic spirit of
their forefathers.
At the Los Angeles meeting the follow
ing officers were elected lor the coming
year:
Governor, Holdridge Ozro Collins; deputy
governor, Erskine Sleyo Ross; lieutenant-gov
ernor. Spencer Roane Thorpe; secretary,
Charles Putnam Fenner; treasurer, Frank
I'utnam Flint; registrar, Edward Thomas Har
den; historian, Bradner Welis Lee: chancel
lor. George Juies Denis; surgeon, John Ran
do.ph Haynes, M. D.; chaplain, Rev. Alexan
der Moss Merwin; gentlemen of the council-
Spencer Roane Thorpe (chairman), Motley
Hewes Flint, Elisha Williams McKinstry
Henry Atliertou Nichols, Wiilard Atherton
Nichols, Frank Clark Prescott, John Ken
nedy Stout, Cameron Krskme Thorn, An
drew Roane Thorpe; committee on mem
bership—George Jules Denis, Frank Put
nam Flint, Jonn Randolph Hayne*. M.D.,
Bradner Welis Lee, SpeuCer Roane Thorpe;
committee on his'oncal documents— Bradner
Wells l>ee (chairman ex-officlo). John Randolph
Haynes, M.D., Proiessor Edward Singleton,
Holden, Rev. Alexander Moss Merwin; dele
gates to tne general society— Motley Hewes
Flint, Professor Edward Stnpleton Holden,
George Timothy Klink, Elisha Williams Me
iunbiry, Captain Albert Ueury JPaysor; alter*
nates— Allen Lysander Colton, Lientenant-Col
onel William Anthony Elderkin, U. S. A., Wil
liam Marcy Klink, John Kennedy Stout, Wil
liam Hammond Wrijrht; committee on enter
tainment—George fJules Denis, Frankji'u:
nam Flint, Edwaad Thomas Harden, John
Randolph Haynes, M.D., Frank Clarke ITes
cott.
The membership of the society in this
City and vicinity is steadily increasing
and includes Hon. E. W. McKinstry, ex-
Justice of the Supreme Court of Califor
nia; Hon. M. Ross of the United States
Circuit Court, Professors Holden and
Colton of the Lick Observatory, Rev. W.
A. Brewer and Captain; A. H. Payson of
San Mateo, Georne T. Klink and William
M. Kiink of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and Professor William Hammond
Wright, son of the late Hon. Selden 8.
Wright. _
TUBNED ON THE GAS.
Dora Meyer Quarreled With Her Lover
and Tried to End Her Life.
Dora Meyer, a young woman 20 years of
age, attempted to commit suicide, early
yesterday morning In her rooms at 7 St.
Marys street by turning on the gas.
She had a quarrel with her lover, and
after he had gone she locked her door,
turned on both gasjets and lay down in
bed prepared to die. Two women who
live in adjoining rooms smelt p;as escap
ing from Dora's apartments. They ?ot a
man to force open her door and she was
found in an unconscious condition.
She was taken to the Receving Hospital
in the palrol wagon and Dr. Fitzgibbon
applied the usual remedies with successful
results.
Harry Hart Dead.
Harry Hart, bartender of the New Western
Hotel, who fell a distance of thirty feet Satur
day nfternoon, died in St. Mary's Hospital
about six hours after the accident occurred.
TO AND FROM JERICHO
Bible Pictures the Text for an
Address by Rev. Haskett-
Smith.
A Historic Tr p Used as an Illustra
tion cf th? Path Trodden by the
Sinner ard tbe Good.
The Rev. Haskett-Smith gave another
address at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation yesterday afternoon. In intro
ducing his subject he remarked that it
was a favorite device of some great artists
to paint sets of companion pictures, where
by the moral lesion intended to be con
veyed is enforced by the means of con
trast.
The Bible Is, as it were, he said, a vast
picture-gallery of sacred scenes and sub
jects; and, if we examine it carefully, we
often come across such companion pic
tures. Two of these he held np to view.
The first was painted by Christ himself,
and a sad and melancholy picture it was.
It represented a man on a lonely and deso
late road, surrounded by a band of blood
thirsty robbers, who were illtreating and
despoiling him. "A certain man went
down from Jerusalem to Jericho and fell
among thieves."
Any modern traveler who takes this
journey has a partial illustration of the
force of this picture. For, in the first
place, the road is still considered to be so
dangerous that no Europeau or American j
travelers are allowed to venture upon it
except under a duly qualified escort, for
fear of the Bedouin Arabs who iniest those
districts, in the second place, so literally
is it a going down that in pas ing from
Jerusalem to Jericho, though the distance
as the crow fiies is barely nineteen miles,
the road descends no less than 4000
feet. Jericho is absolutely the lowest in
habited place on the earth's surface, being
1300 feet below tbe level of the sea, and it
is therefore intensely hot during the
greater part of the year.
In f;ict, as Mr. Haskett-Smith humor
ously remarked, he never fully realized the
force of the saying, 'Go to Jericho,' 1 until
he actually went there. Jerusalem is
alwt.ys taken in the Bible as the type of
heaven, so that tbe man in the first pic
ture is intended to represent the sinner
on the downward path, with his back to
heaven and his face toward Tophet.
In the companion picture he intro
duced a group of people on the same
identical road, but the contrast was re
markable and complete. A man, as be
fore, is in the center of the group; but
those surrounding him are not foes, but
friends, and at the head of the band
walked one, the best friend of all, Jesus of
Nazareth himself. They are journeying
upward, not downward; their backs are
toward Jericho, their faces toward Jeru
sa em.
The central figure is Bartimaeus, until
lately blind and beggared in the city of
Jericho, and who, havine received his
sight, is following Jesus in the way. He
is, therefore, the type of the converted
sinner on the uphill' path toward heaven.
From these two pictures tbe preacher
drew many instructive and forcible les
sons, illustratinK his remarks in such an
interesting and eloquent manner as to
enchain the attention of every member of
the large congregation, which seemed
deeply impresjed by the earnestness and
power of tbe aatiress.
This evening Mr. Haskett-Smith com*
mences his course of oriental entertain
ments, illustrated by nnique stereopticon
views, prepared principally from photo
graphs taken by himself and colored by
an eminent artist. The subject for thi*
evening has the fascinating title, "From
Joppa to Jericho, With JSight Old Maids
and a Nervous Bachelor."
. •— ♦ — •
Unless the Michigan State Agricultnra-
Society can effect a settlement with Lant
sing creditors or renew notes for abou.
$20,000 there may be no State fair next fall
MANY MEN FOR
MANY PLACES
Oistrict Committees Are
Wrestling With Politi
cal Problems.
Recommendations That Will Be
Made to Supervisors — Fifty
Men for Each Place.
Eeginning of the Interesting Lesson
of Struegling for Easy
Positions.
The patronage committees of the sev
eral Assembly districts have held several
meetings, during which they wrestled
with the problem of appointments. There
are from forty to fifty applicants for each
place under the new City government.
The last meeting was held last Saturday
night, continuing tiil a late hour.
Street Superintendent-elect Ambrose
has decided to give ten places to the
Twenty-ninth District, ana if the sug
gestions of the committee prevail the
places wiil be rilled as follows: Paver, P.
Lydon ; sewerman, J. Lally; rammer, E.
Coakley; inspector, John Mannix; orick
layer, James Colbert; laborers — Richard
Carlin, John F. O'Rourke, John Lovelie,
Henry Hays and Daniel Qainn. James
Brannan was recommended for appoint
ment as gardener; Henry Sheetian,
painter in. the School Department; Joseph
liuinn, janitor of the License Collector's
office, and Joseph P. Mogan, sten
ographer in the office of the Board of Edu
cation.
For the Thirty-sixth District recom
mendations arc: Peter Quinn, deputy in
Street Department: sewerman, Frank
Tuite;Jpaver,Tbomas McGrath; laborers-
John Lawler, N, Molloy, P. Nolan, J.
Manning, J. Dealhy an<i J. Muller; jan
itors, new City Hall — John Kelly, John
Kenny, Thomns Casserly and Thomas F.
Barry; driver police patrol wagon, James
McCormick.
The committee in the Thirty-ninth Dis
trict recommended Edward Duff for en
gineer of the new City Hal); Michael
Whaien, janitor; Henry Eli, janitor; Louis
Rattißen, driver of patrol w««on ; Edward
Buike, gardener of Alta pJaza; Samuel
Holiowell and John Cavanagh, laborers in
the trchool Department; John Glavina
vich, foreman; Joseph Currington, James
Madden ami John Roberts, laborers, and
Michael Hendy, inspector, in Street De
partment. '
There wnre only four recommendations
from the Forty-third District. They were :
Raleigh P. Hove, assistant secretary
B ard of P^Uucaiion; Thomas H. Conboy,
foreman in Street Department; E. J.
Forsier, janitor in Tax Collector's office,
and A. M. Gault, janitor in School De
partment.
These are only recommendations to the
Board of Supervisors for appointment,
but, of course, they go a long way. Other
caucuses, and in all probability many of
them, are yet to be held before the ques
tion of patronage will ba settled.
The following committees of the board
have been 'iecided upon :
Streets— Devany, Sheehan, Delaney, Britt,
Rivers.
Printing— Hesktns, Sheehan. Britt.
Fire Department— Britt, Sheehan, Devany,
Ri-ttnnzi, Morton.
Public Buildings— Sheehan, Britt, Dodge.
Judiciary — >muh, Koitanzi, Sheehan.
Health ami Police— Delauey, Rivers, Devany,
Rottanzi. Morton.
Hospital— Dodge, Haskins, Clinton.
Finance— Rottanzi. Haskins, Devany.
street Lights — Rivers, Delauey, llaskins,
Lachrnann, Clinton. t
Outside Lands— Morton, Clinton, Dodge, De
laney, Lachmann.
License and Orders — Lachmann, Rivers,
Hfskins.
Water and Water Supply — Clinton, Podge,
Bntt and two Kepubliuaus yet^o be selected
by Clinton.
At a meeting of the members of the
general committee of the Democratic
party of the Forty-fourth Assembly Dis
trict, held January- 2, A. D. 1897. the fol
lowing recommendations aud nomina
tions were made for appointments: John
Bowen, deputy in office of Superintent of
Streets; William Peterson, janitor City
Hall; Leo Vi'iller, gardener Washing
ton square; Walter G. Pilkington, as
sistant expert; John W. Davids, janitor
Washington Grammar School; M.
Thomas, janitor Lincoln School; Edward
Fanning, horse and cart, Street Depart
ment; William Finnegan. laborer; Mi
chael Hayes, laborer; William Jeffries,
laborer; Dennis O'Brien, laborer; August
fctofen, laborer; George W. Donovan, lab
orer. Judge J. H. Spinetti was unani
mously indorsed for one of the prosecut
ing attorneys of the Police Court.
For deputy of Stree'. Department, Joseph
A. Fitzpatrick: janitor, Auditor aud
Treasurer, Joseph J. Mahoney; driver of
patrol, James C. Cotte; driver of ambu
lance, William P. O'Neill; plumber of
School Department, L. J. Parker; laborer,
Tliomas Siavin : bookkeeper of Board of
Education, John O'Donnell; janitor New
City Hall, David Cronm; paver of Street
Department, J. P. Hopkins.
KOREA'S KING.
His Throne the Kivy of the Powers of
the 1 us!.
The King of Korea is not a happy man.
Despite the fact that his country bears the
poetic and soothing name of "The Land of
the Morning Calm, !l his existence for the
past tifteen or twenty years has been ex
exciting. It has been a continued round
of sanguinary palace revolutions, of assas
sinations of relatives and dignitaries on
the staff of this Oriental monarch, of plots
and conspirac.es without number, and,
above all, of more or less successful at
tempts to kidnap his own sacred person.
The different and conflicting political
factions of his countrymen have each kid.
naped him in turn, ho, too, have the
Chinese, the Japanese and the Russians
The latter have had him for some time
past in their possession, a privileged pris
oner at the Muscovite Legation. Accord
ing to dispatches some of his own sub
jects have been endeavoring to recover
possession of him and restore him to his
royal palace.
He is a weak ami vacillating man, influ
enced entirely by the persona who happen
to De with him for the t:me being. Dur
ing his long minority lie was dominated
by his father, a wicked old prince who
tortured and killed missionaries, and who
by his savage and reactionary policy
forced upon the foreign powers the first
opening of the country. He has put to
death thousands of persons, has himself
been twice kidnaped and deported, and
on one occasion almost succumbed
to determined at temps to blow him
up with gunpowder. It is he who is sup
posed to be at the iiead of the present con
spiracy 10 kidnap the King, his son, from
the Russian -Legation. As long as the
monarch remains under the eye of the
Czar's Envoy the latter's influence is pre
dominant, whereas that of the Prince is,
of course, nil.
The circumstances under which the
King was conveyed to his present quar
ters were sufficiently dramatic even to
satisfy those inured to the sudden upsand
downs of Oriental government. The King
was at the time entirely under the in
fluence of his wife, a woman of extrordi
nary strength of character, and who had
distinguished herself by her pronounced
opposition to the control the Japan
ese at one time exercised over her
husband and his kingdom. See
ing their power on the wane, and
rightly attributing the cause thereof
to the QueeD, a palace was
organized by the Mikado's Jinvoy. The
royal abode was invaded in the middle of
the night by a band of assassins, among
whom were recoznized Japanese officials,
soldiers and colonists. The King was
seized, while the Queen was literally
hacked to pieces in the court yard, two of
her nieces anil favorite companions being
burned alive on the same spot. In the
midst of al! the turmoil a party of Rus
sian sailor 3 appear d upon the scene, and,
kidnaping the King, carried him off to
the Russian Legation, where he has since
remained n prisoner.
Corea's independence would long since
have been destroyed had it not been for
the jealousies that prevail among the
various powers of the Orient and Occident
with regard to its possession. The Jap
anese are anxious to have it, not only on
account of its enormous but as yet no un
developed mineral wealth, but also be
cause it practically commands the Jap
anese Arcnipeiago, and, in the hands of
any powerful nation, such as Russia, En
gland or even China, would constitute a
perpetual menace to the laud of the
Mikado. The Chinese are desirous to
have it, because its occupation by ator
eign power is a peril to the northern por
tion of their empire.
The Russians need it as a tei minus for
their trans-Siberian railroad and as an all
the-year-round headquarters for their
navy and army on th« snores of the Pa
cific. England, Germany and even the
United States are anxious to prevent any
foreign power from getting hold of the
kingdom ani closing it to their trade. It
may be added that the only foreigners for
whom the Kins has ever shown any re
gard and confidence have been Americans,
and up to within four years previous to
the outbreak of the war between China
and Japan the influence of the United
States predominated at Seoul. — New York
World.
CHILDREN MADE HAPPY.
Father McGinty of the Church
of the Holy Cross Plays
Santa Claus.
The 325 Scho'ars of His Large Sunday-
School Each Gat a Handsome
Christmas Present
There were 326 happy children at the old
Church of the Holy Cross in calvary Cem
etery yesterday morning. Father Mc-
Ginty was their Santa Claus, and each one
of the scholars who attend the Sunday
school of the Church of the Holy Cross re
ceived either a beautiful book or a holy
picture, together with a box of delicious
candy.
At the same time and place the most de
serving of the boys of the Sanctuary Society
were awarded premiums for proficiency
and punctuality. The highest honor was
won by Master John Boyle, and he re
ceived a gold medal in token of his pastor's
appreciation.
Their were fcur silver medals, and these
prizes were carried off by: Masters Wil
liam Golden, Daniel Burns. William Boyle
and James Ennght. These altar-boys are
highly commended by their pastor for
painstaking uttemion to their duties-.
Father McGinty promised twenty-seven
silver medals for prizes to be competed for
this year. Each scholar who stands at the
head* of a class will receive a silver medal
and there are '27 classes.
The meeting at the old church was
simply a Santa Claus affair and nothing
was done except the distribution of tlie
Christmas gifts. Jt was probably the last
time the children will gather in the old
church in the cemetery, for the building
is soon to be torn down to allow the con
templated improvements along the front
of the cemetery to be built. The Sunday
school will be held in the Church of the
Holy Cross on Eddy street hereafter, but
the time of d:iy has not yet been arranged.
Father McGioty states that the number
he gives for tbis large Sunday-school, 325
scholars, means that this many regularly
attend.
HOMESICK HIPPOPOTAMUS.
It Longed for the Language of Its
Childhood Home.
During Bayard Taylor's visit to the zoo
logical gardens in London be noticed a
hippopotamus which lay in its tank ap
parently oblivious of its surroundings.
Entering into conversation with the
keeper one morning, he was told that the
creature refused to eat, and was gradually
starving itself to death, says the Watch
man. "I fancy it's homesick," added tha
keeper. "He's a flue specimen, and it
seems a pity we should lose him, but he's
moped ever since the keeper who had
charge of him on board, the steamer left.
He pays no attention to anything I say."
Learning that the creature came from a
part of Afric3 he had once visited, Mr.
Taylor, on an impulse, leaned forward and
addressed it in the dialect used by me
hunters and keepers of that region. ' The
animal lifted its head, and the small eyes
opened. Mr. Taylor repeated his remark,
when what does Mr. Hippo do but paddle
slowly over to wh«re he stood. Crossing
to the other side of the tank, the experi
ment was repeated with the same result,
the poor thing showing unmistakable
signs of joy, even consenting to receive
food from the hand of his new friend.
Mr. Tayior paid several visits to the
gardens, being always noticed by his
African friend. Finally, before leaving
the city, he taught the keeper a few
sentences he had been in the haDit of ad
dressing to the hippopotamus, and went
his way.
Two years later he was in London, and
curious to know the result, again paid his
respects to his amphibious friend. To his
surprise, the creature recognized his voice
at once, and expressed his joy by paddling
from side to side of his tank after his
visitor.
Bayard Taylor says that it convinced
Lim that even a hippopotamus may have
affections, and tenacious ones at that, as
well as a good memory.
AN OLD 'MOSAIC.
Three Human lignres Unearthed by a
Party of Soldier* in Tunis.
After Italy and Provence there is no
| country where Rome has lef : more monn-
I merits in every state of preservation or
I decay than In Tuni3, says tho London
i Daily News. The largest Roman circus
after Colisseum is El-Djem, Aries ranking
next and Niraes comins? forth. At a recent
Bitting of the Academy of Inscriptions in
Paris M. Boissier, our correspondent says,
gave an account of a remarkable Roman
discovery at Suaa, in Tunis. The French,
who, unlike the English in Ejrypt, have
settled down in Tunis for good, have got a
camp at that seaport which is "a mine of
mosaics," where fresh discoveries are
made every year.
The other day a party of soldiers dig
ging foundations unearthed a mosaic with
three human figures in a perfect state of
preservation, covered with only a few
inches of soil. It is only three and one
half feet square, but the subject, "Virgil
Writing the JEneid." will interest aiL
There 13 a frout v;ew of the poet loosely
draped in the iolds 01 a white toga with a
blue fringe, sitting with his feet in sandals
renting on a step. He holds on his knees
a papyru3 roll on which is written in
cursive letters one of the verses of bis
poem.
With his right hand on his breast, the
forefinger pointing upward, his head erect
in an inspired attitude, he listens to Clio
and Melpomene, who, standing behind,
dictate his cantos.
NEW TO-DAT."
MUNYONTS
GREAT WORK
Day byDay He Is Relieving Suffering
Humanity With His Wonderful
Improved Homeopathic Remedies.
Humanity With His Wonderful
Improved Homeopathic Remedies.
ALL DRUeeiSTS THEM.
Get Mnnyon's Guide to Health at Yonr
Nearest Drug Store, Select a 25-Cent
Remedy and- .
DOCTOR YOURSELF
Jlrs. W. H. Harvey, 288 Grant street.
South Portland. Or., says: "My husband
■Was troubled with rheumatism for years.
In May he was only able to get around the
house by using crutches. Three days
after he Degan using Munyon's Rheuma-
tism Cure the pains had all left his hips
and knees. In ihree or four more days he
was able to throw ■ away ' his crutches and
go to work."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom
fails to ret'eve In from one to three hours,
and cures in a few days. Price, 25c.
Manyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stomach
troubles. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price. 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coutrhs,
night sweats; allays soreness, and speed-
ily heals the lungs. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the buck, loins or groin and all
forms of kidney disease. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops bead-
ache in three minutes. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures ail forms of piles. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Remedies relieve in 3
minutes and cure permanently. Price, sl.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure — price 25c — eradicates
the disease from the system, and the Ca-
tarrh Tablets — price 25c — cleanse and heal
the parts.
Munyon's Nerve Cure is a wonderful
tonic. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Vitalizer. Price, $1.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
druggists, nios;ly 25c a vial.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
CAUTION TO TIIK PEOPLE OFTHB
BTATK OF CALIFOKMA: Many un-
scrupulous drug: cutters, who, having;
forced the selling' price or 3IUNYON'.S
KK3IKDIJKS to co-it, and, therefore, not
desiring to sell them, will tell you that
these remedies are not good, and trill
try to persuade you to take smut* other
preparation, which they will recom-
iinnii as being better. • Such men ara
not .deserving of your confidence or
patronage. Therefore do not be de-
ceived by them, but INSIST upon get-
ting VU>YOX'S.
. ■
FAI L
A/ /aft C»
- § M-- \ *
DOCTOR SHUNT,
- ..-■, ■-■.... : ■ ■ *
A physician whose reputation is
established by ten years of suc-
cessful practice at 737 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
NERVOUS DEBILITY, XJSS
self-abuse, night emissions, unnatural losses
or overwork of the body or brain. It is tha
curse of humanity, the unpardonable *in. It
blights all the' pleasures of youth. It deadens
the spirits and weakens the brain. Its train of
ills and evils down the strongest cons tita.
tion and completely wrecks the mental and
physical man. Thousands of young and middle-
aged men through this scourge o£ humanity
have found homes In insane asylums or filled
suicide's graves. .It unlits the sufferer . for
study, business or the social or married - rela-
tions of life. It causes tired feelings, dizai-
ness, despondency. fear of impending dauger,
fulness, pimples, .loss of memory and a
• wandering mind. Among the married it cre-
ates discontent, disappointment, dissatisfac-
tion and trouble. It has broken up mora
home?, caused more' desertions and separ-
; ations than air other evils combined. If you
I are a sufferer from uJs monster of all diseases
' you should consult Doctor Sweany. He can
i n positively and permanently restore your wasted
and weakened power* your. health and your
manhood.
iffIDIPOOCI Hydrocele and all bl ad-
VMnluULf der difficulties treated
with unfailing .success.
DIIOTIIDC ew method, sure cure, pain-
i nUr 1 UllCi less treatment, no knife, no
I truss, no detention from work, no experiment.
A positive, certain and permanent cure.
I PRIVATE DISEASES. rrl^
stricture cured. Syphilis, the leprosy of tha
i positively and forever cured.
. I. ADI KS will receive special and careful
treatment for ali their many ailments.
, WKITE, if away from ' the city. Book,
"Guide io Health." a treatise on all organs
I and their diseases, free on application.'
Call or address ■
F. L SWEANY, M. 0.
737 Market Street. San Francisco, Cal.
Baja California
Darnjana Bitters
T8 ; A POWERFUL, > APHCODISIAC AND
. X specific tonic for the sexual and urinary oricans
of both - sex«.-3, »nd h great remedy for diseases of
the : kidneys v aid bladder. . A ' great Restorative,
Invigorator and erviiif. ■■ Sells on its own Merits;
| no long-winded testimoninls nece-sury. ■ '
XABKIC, ALFS & ISKUNK, Agents,
323 afarket St., S. F.— (Send for Circular)
OOSMOPOLIT
Opposite" V. a. Mint. ' 100 and 102 Fifth st., Saa
Francisco, Cai — The moat select famllr hotel In
. the city. ■ Board and room 91, $1 -3 and $1 SO par
> day, according •to room. * Meal* 25c. ■■ Bourns s*»
; and 76c a day. ' i'ree coach to aad from the boteL
\ loon, tor liif cctca < bearing the name, ot the Co*
: BoooaumHowl, Wit. tfAHJgy, Pro»djj*<lfc__
R ad ways
Pills
Purely vegetable, mi!d and reliab.e.'..- t ure alt dis-
orders oJ the Stomach, i.tver, Bowels,
SICK HKADACHE, BILIOU NESS, :
INDIO'STION, TOKFIDLIVEB,
OiZZY FEKLINOS, DVSI'JEFSIA.
Price 25 cts. per box. sold by all draggUt* ?'
910
FRATERNAL BONDS.
Order of the Eastern Star.
This evening the recently elected officers of
Tnlare Chapter will be installed by Worthy
Grand Matron Mrs. Ella T. Hall. Belle R. Car
ruthers is worthy matron, James Wiiinard
Davis worthy patron and Alice Ratlin" associate
matron. The chapter has issued a very hand
some bouvenir of the occasion, a tritinjsular
cardwith tassel, having printed on the (ace in
colors the beautiful star of the order and the
names of the three principal officers. It is a
unique memento.
Most Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Mary E.
Partridge, Mrs. William Frank Pierce, worthy
matron of Oak Leaf Chapter, end F. L. Foster
of the chapter at Crescent City were among the
visitors to the office of the grand secretary last
week. |
Independent Order of Odd Fellow*.
The subordinate lodges and encampments are
requested not to send the old' riluals to the grand
secretary and the grand scribe until they shall have
been replaced by the new rituals These it Js ex
pected will be ready for distribution early in Feb
ruary.
Unity Lod?e had a very Interesting meeting last
Tuesday In Us hall at Sixteenth and Valencia
streers. There was one initiation and one applica
tion. This lod?« will publicly install its officers
to-morrow night.
Golden Gate Lodge will also publicly Install its
officers to-morrow night.
Tnere will be a joint installation of the lodges of
Sacramenioon Wednesday nl-ht.
Farnham Lodge of Oakland will install its officers
In public on the 11th inst.
irockett Lodge will observe its tenth anniversary
in grand style on the 4th of February.
Grand Patriarch Doran has announced the fol
lowius visitations: January 16, Stockton: '20, San
Jose: 21, Redwood City: 22, Santa Clara; 28,
Healdsburg; 25, Gait; 'JB, Occidental Kncamp
ment of Sacramento: 27, Marysville: 28, Peta
lurna: 89, Vallejo; 30, possibly Napa: February 1,
Hanta Kosa; 4, Masnolia Encampment of East Loa
Anreles: 6, Fan B-rnardino; 6, tanta Ana: t*, Po
mona: 11. sama Monica: 18, Riverside: 13,
Orange Grove kneampment of Los Angeles; 16,
Escondldo: 17. Pasadena; 19, Merced.
P;co Heights Lodge and :-emi-Tropic Lodge have
consolidated, tbe former hay n< been merged into
the latter, whi.-h now h:<s a membership of 176.
Grand ('resident Mrs. Marion Greenwood will
this evening visit K< m Lodge at Bakersh'eld: to
morrow she will be with Alpha Lodge in Delano:
Wednesday she is to visit Tulare Lodge: Thur.day
shn win cull o.i Western Star Lodpe in Visulia: on
Fridayshe will be with Emery Lodge in Traver.s,
and on Saturday she (a announced to be with
Friendship Lodge in Fresno.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
Four hundred and ninety-one applications were
received durinc the month of December, fend the
prospects are that there will be a greater number
during the current month.
To-morrow evening Unity Lodge will give a
smoker, when a very interesting programme will
be presented. Many of the grand officers have sig
nified their intention of attending.
Keystone Lodge will install Us officers to-mor
row night, after which there will be a literary and
musicai programme. W. F. Adams. P. O. M. W.,
will deliver an address.
Last Wednesday there were present a large num
ber of Workmen In the hall of Valley Lodge to
witness the conferring of the Workman degr>e in
the amplified iorm on nine candidates by the offi
cers of the lodcre, assisted by the P»c:nc drill team
o: Oakland. The meeting was a very successful
and protracted one.
There wer^ the names of thirty-two charter
members on the toll of Waterford Lodge No. - J93,
instituted at Waterford, Stanislaus County, Batir
,(!a\ tve nine, by J. M. Graves, L>. D.. of Modesto.
Ihis lodge Is tbe result of the efforts of Special
Deputy l>. K. saundtrs.
special Depu y K. K. Wells has organized a
lodge at Palo AHo wit n thirty-five members, anJ
it will be instituted to-morrow night. He also or
ganiz-d one at Mayfield, whicn will be inst. tilled
on Wednesday.
Grand Master Workman Vinter will visit Yolo
Lodjte at Woodland to-morrow night. wLen a class
of lifteen candidates will be initiated.
Xext -a:urday ihe Oaklnnd drill team will visit
Pacific Grove and at end a joint meeting of Mon
terey aDd Paclflj Grove lodkes. '1 he degrees will
be conferred on twenty-three candidates. Urand
Master WorKmati F. b. Poland will be present.
Yosemite Lodee of 1-resno is still booming aDd
Initiating members at every meeting.
ilermon. Lodge h. s elected the following offi
cers for the current term: K. Hayues. M. \V.;
Tiiomas Byan, F. : C. S. Fenn. O. : L. Johnson, X.;
K. A. >mnh, financier: *. Schwerln, H.; J. Car
berino, G. :M. L. Levy, I. \V. ; T. J. Foley, O. W.;
truste s-M. D. Mayer, S. McFadden, M. Crane;
medical examiners— Dr. • F. F. Lord, Dr. (Jeorge
Adam.
The decrees were conferred on a number of can
didates by F. S. Poland, D. G. M. W., and 8.
Booth, G. X., lor Traer Lodge lajt week.
Grand Overseer Schaffn-r has been visiting
lo.iges in Bu:te and Nevada counties.
Degree of Honor.
An expense assessment of 50 cents per member ;
has been vied on the membership of the order,
payali.e on or before the 28th insu
L)tpn:y Mrs. Cogan will publicly install the offi
cers of Ivy Lodge next Wednesday evening. Fol
lowing the installation there will be presented an
interesting programme.
Deputy Mrs. Cogan will install the officers of
f-ilverStar Lodge ou theevening of the 14th of the
current month and those of Dawn of Hope Lvd o e
oi) tlie '-'."i.
Tue i fh'cers of Silver Spray Lodge will b? in
stalled by Mrs. Tinuliam on me 1 tat day of the
month, and she will install those of Minerva Loage
on the •-6th.
Mrs. Flora J. Nar, grand usher of the degr-e, i
who is a district deputy, will install the offiierj of ]
Crown of the Valley Lodge of Pasadena on the
11th inst. ____
Workuien's Guarantee Fund.
The Workmen's Guarantee Fund starts In well
for the new year. The month of January will be
fr<e from assessment. This branch of the Work
men is progressing and continually adding to its
membership, uot rapidly it is true, but still add
ing.
The Native Sons of the Golden Went.
(>rand President Gesford and Grand Secretary
Lunt>ted will represent the Native Sons lv the
conference with the executive committee of the
Carnival of the Golden Gate.
The officers of isequoia Parlor will be installed
tbU evening by W. D. Shea, D. D. G. P. After the
ceremony the members will partake of a collation
in Banquet Hall, and the principal article on the
menu will be delicate slices of bear meat from the
bear the parlor bad in the celeb at ion at Stockton
last September, the animal . having been slain for
the occasion. It. W. Martlaud and L. W. Ben man,
who wer-s the kesj:ers of the bear in his lifetime,
will preside and tell bear stories.
. In cnosequence ol the absence from the City of
Deputy J. a. Derotis. Charles A. Boldeman, dep
uty at targe, will to-morrow night install the offi
cers of Yerba Buena Parlor, those of i.incon Par.or
on Wt-dnesJny, and those of National Parlor on
Thura-iay.
<-.ii ihe evening of the 12th of. the present month
the members of the ball asiociation will meet for
the purpose of making Arrangements for a mon
ster benefit :o be given ai a date that wl.l probably
be fixed at t iiai time.
Grand Trejsurer Henry S. Martin, who wai con
fined to his home for six weeks by illue.ts, was out
lMt Friday wishing his many friends a happy new
year.
The fo'.lo wing-named parlors will Install offl.ers
during tbe we.-k: To-m.;ht, Sequoia; to-morrow
nitht, Stanford, Pacitic and Yerba Buena-
Wednesday, California. Alc.Ude and Kiticon-
Tfcurjdar, Xl Dorado and National; Friday, San
FraucUco and I'reclta.
Judge E. K. Kinemenn. presiaentot Commodore
Hiuat J'arlor, Blue Lakes, was In the City last
week, anl lhe ful owing i.amed were visitors »t
Hie ollne of uic grand secretary: Fi ank L. coombs
of >Rj>a, '1 homas .Flint Jr. of ban Juan, r . Al.
Payne "f Los Osos, K. C. Snabei of Los Angeles, C*.
R. Keverin of San Kafael. Ueorue ihurman of
Mudera, \v. H. Vandt-rpun of i_ivermore, W. C
■ Jon and W. H. Cariznet of Eur.-ka, J. \v. Trav
es or Oakland and iJerl Koumso.i or Han Luis
übisio.
a u.ges 1 . of the decisions of Grand Presidents
John T. Grcany, J. i>. :?|>roii! and Kr.uik H. Dunne
during the year each heiu office, respectively 1594,
189 A and IXSJ6; has D en Issued in pamphlet form
and will prove of the greatest value to the order
be,ng co. ids? ainj to the point.
The ins allation party to be given next Friday
In Mannerbund Hall by Precits, Parlor promises
to be a very enjjyable affair, a firs. -class pro
gram me has beeu prepared, the installation of
otlicer.s wiil be by Frank Bragg, D. D. v. P.
The installation of the officers of Stanford Par
lor to-morrow night will Le by Joseph K. O'Don
nell. D. D G. P., insi-Iling officer. After the cere
mony there will be a banquet in Banquet Hall of
the Native building.
G»nd secretary Limstedt visited Stockton last
week and was the guest of Judge H. R. McNoble
txcelsior Parlor of Jackson, a mador County'
lias, so tbe semi-annuM report shows, eighty me -'
beri and f 4480 in the treasury. The officers of
tins parlor for the current term are: Wiutam go-
Int, P. P.: vice-presidents— J. G. Garbartnl, J F
Davis a .d B. R. Breese; Georsje F. Dorn .n S • m'
D. G. .sp a -no!I, M.; F. H. Duden, trusuie: Drs'
Gull, .Nichols and Hatch, surreon*.
The officers of Win en Purlor for the ensuine
term are: C. tt ioo er. P. P.; W. O. j<uss«Ml P ■
vice presluentu— W. H. Gregory. J. F. Goodin 'and
A. \\. .^ortb; Thomas Semlisr. M. ; \v illiam
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorrr St. Tel. Main 1954-
-i ckxtra i. orricc
■88 Hark St., Palace Hotel. Tel Main 6828.
- Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoloinf QrUl
i.pom). Tel. Main 339. -
FUBDT A ATKINSON Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest : market qn>
_^ utlon> - Beferenoe Ist National Bank, S. F. .
CBicauo. jexj.VAxa -Wium. anil vuk«.
Wolfskil 1 , s. : G. W. Connor, F. S., and E. C.
Baker, trustee.
Native Daughters of the Golden Wwt
Tbe officers of Veritas Parlor of Merced will be
publicly Installed on the evening of the 12th Inst.
Jointly with the officers of tue parlor of Native
Sons of that place.
Mauzanita Parlor of Grass Valley gave an enter
tainment on the SOtb. of last mi> ith for the pur
pose of raisin: a fund to procure new regalia.
Miss Harriett Lee, secretary of WooJlanrt Parlor
was In this City last week und seated that the par
lor is mantfe.ting a great deal of interest in the
work of in • order an<l is most enthusiast!''.
Buena Vis a Par. or ha< elected the following
officer;!, who will be pub.loly in«tai:ei on the evpn-
Ing of the 14th inst: Anna llann, P. P.: Annie
Westhaus, P.: Mrs. Rader. t<a<> Murray aud Annie
Worth, v ce-presldents: Mrs. K. M Greene, H. s. :
Marie Wells F. 8.! Ida Gaberino, M.: Mrs. Wehe,
I. ».: Mrs. Hurlburt. O. s.; Miss K. Brown, A.
Bullet! and K. Belstedt, trustees.
Improved Order of Red Blen.
Next Friday evening Charles F. Burgman, G. C.
of R., will lecture under the auspices of the order
In Twin Peaks hall, on "Washington's Time to Our
Own." It will be a free lecture, illustrated with
stereoptieon views, and it is announced that It will
be "brimful of historical data and patriotic sentl
maot." Judging irom the great chief of records'
prey ous efforts In that line, the -long tain" will be
a verj- intereitlng one.
White Kagle Tribe bad an interesting meeting
last. Tues lay night and there was a lar^e attend,
ance The report on amended bylaws was read,
and Fred Brandt. P. G. ■-* conferred the hunter's
and chief s degrees. Thjs tribe has had twenty
seven alontious und no suspensions curing the
past term.
A new tribe will be instituted at Angels Camp,
Calaveras County, on the 15th inst.
Tecumseh Tribe, or Oakland, has removed its
wigwam to 611 Fourteenth street, and there it will
meet on TuesJnys hereaf t r.
Otaonkah Tribe, of Napa. will ra ! se its chiefs on
Wednesday night. This tribe is reported as uolng
remarkably well.
A. B. Wilson, P. S., of Cosumnes Tribe, has
returned to Micrarnento after an absence of o.ie
year.
IroquoiaTrlbo. of Stockton, at Its last held mpet
insr, received five applications, had three candi
dates, for reinstatement and two for adoption.
Knights of the Golden K.-teln.
California Castle« No. lhas elected the followinst
named officers for the ensuing term : Henry Bush
Jr., P. C. ; J. P. Sjogren, X. C: E. F. «tebert, V.
C; Osrar H< cks, Sir H.; W. O. McDougall. M. of
R. (fourth term): G. B. Ilanna, Cof K. (twelfth
term): A. F. Pl»t«. K. of K. (fifth term). At that
meeting theie «ai one rtinstateruent and three
applications. The officers will be Installed next
Wednesday, and at the following meeting the de
grees wi'l be cotifered. Tlie good of the order
committee is arranging for a party to be given in
the future.
G. W. Galbraith of Stockton Castle and candi
date for the office of G. V. C, was in the City last
wees and repona trrea activity In his castle and
an Increase in membership. He also states that
the prospects for the institution of a temple of the
Ladles of the Golden r agle In that city are very
nattering.
This evening the members of Golden Gate Castle
will nave a mock trial of oue ot its officer*, who
has been < harged with "certain acts and transgres
sions which bring him within the pa:e of the court
specially organized to try Ihe Cav e." Several
very bilgh: member i neve been selected to press
the rase tor the plains. fT and an equal number of
equally brixht member* have been retained lor the
define. It Is expected that there will be a great
deal Of enjoyment for all who will attend.
Ladies of the Golden Eagle.
The mu-h-talked-of and long-looked-for festival
announced by Alpha Temple was given at Union
square Hall last Wednesday eveniug, in the pres
ence of a very large number of people, old and
young, and there was a great deal of fun for all.
Each person entering was handed a num
bered check entitling the bolder to a
orze. After all were seat-d tbe lights
were suddenly tnrneu out, and a few
moments later turned on again, when, to tbe sur
prise of all. there stood i. the bail Santa Clans.
uersonated by Frank K. i. amirs. From the gteat
bag he had slung over his shoulder be drew pack
age after package, each numbered, aim the bolder
of tbe Lumber of the ticket corresponding was re
quired to "come forward and accept the gift."
.Many of tie gifts were ludicrous misfits, as artl
c e-t intended for iadiet were hauded to men ana
tboss that w re calculated for men or children
were banded to ladies. During the evening Mrs.
K. A. Alacdougall, the guardian of records, was
the recipient froiu the temp c of a very handsome
double inkwell and cold pen and holder as a
Christmas appreciation of her services and of the
kiudiy feeling the members have for her. Mrs.
Carl Mulier, a charter member of the temple, ure
sented to X a beautiful cm-glass lemonade net.
Ihe evening's entertainment closed with a dance.
Junior Order American Mechanics.
V. S. Grant Council his elected the following
Officers: W. L. Mitchell, C. ; W. A. Lord, V. C:
L. O. Jarques, K. 8.; G. H. Reddick, A. R. B. : A.
J Eachue, F. tf.; H. O. Sterns. T. : J. W. KoJgers,
conductor; H. A. Moenning, W.J J. F. Stanhope,
L s., and D. T. Heury, o. s.
Paul Revere Council has elected th» following
named as officers for the ensuing term: A. 8. J.
Woods, C. ; J. R. Ayer, V. C; J. S. Mills, R. S. ; C
A Geirrine, F. S.; J. Schmidt Jr., T. : W. E.
squires, conductor: £. J. Stewart, I. 8., and B. A.
Truman, O. S.
i State Councilor Henry A. Schaertzer will during j
i the present mon.h visit the southern part of the I
' State and c«ll njion the councils that he did not .
have time to visit on the occasion of his previous |
visit to that section ot tbe State.
I The installation of the officers ot Starr King
, Council wiil be public, and tbe installing officer
: will Le the state Councilor. This wl.l be the first
! public Installation by any council of the order.
An entertainment and dance wl.l follow tbe cere
monies.
California Council of the Daughters of Liberty
will give a fiihpond party on the l'Jib inst.
Last Tnursda night the members of Abraham
Lincoln Council had a very interesting and enjoy
' able nljjlu, watching the old vearout and the new I
{ year in.
February 12 being the anniversary of the birth
of the martyred President for whom tbe council
was nam«u, the council wi.l give a party to the |
I Daughters of Liberty, who have rendered the I
; council many favors during tbe year preceding.
Tb'- taU of a ball association has been revived |
and it is thought that the project will be carried ,
into «ffecu
It has been finally decided that the order will j
celebrate Junior Order day on the V<!d of Febru
ary in Oakland, he local councils, those of the
modern Athens, those of the si. c of learning and
those of Alameda taking part. There wiil be a
j parade during the day and a dramatic en.ertain
] ment in the evening by the Starr King Dramatic
! Club, assisted by the American Home Guard,
! after which there will be a dunce,
i During the visit in the northern part of the state
! tbe state cuunrl. or, Henry C. Scisaertzer, found.
! despite the hard times consequent upon the fnil
i are of the fruit crop to realize m iv previous
! yexrs, that the members of tbe order are very en
thusiastlc and ah woriilm In the Interests of Its
i princtn es. JnMockton anl li bacr»men:o the
i councils are doing very well and in t lit latter city
; tne Juniors and the Daughters meet on alternate
: niehts. Where here are five Fridays In a month
; tbe two bo vies give a joint entenalunient.
B'ne B'tith.
The members of Hope Lod^e of Stockton have
secured some of the b°st talent obtainable for the
entertainment of the representatives to the Grand
Lodge tnat will convene In that city in the latter
part of the current month.
It is expected tbat there will be a full represen
tation, an during the session there will oe adi
cu*sion on the proposition to changa the present
endowment p. an. Kvery lodge In the new juris
d Iction has discussed the preient plans that nave
i teen offered and It is possible that a number of
ampii i mmi! will be offered. The Indications at
I this time are that M. P. su-m will be cuosen presi
dent of the grand body; Edward Bare, lirst vice
: president; Samuel Barucn, who was a represeuta-
I live to the last heid constitution Grand Lodge, is
! vice- president ol the hal. association and a wry
I active member oi the order, will be chosen second
vice-president; Ben Harris, trsasurer. 8. Hoch
stadter, another wel!-Known, activo and enthusi
astic memeer of the order, M. Marcuse anu Louis
Cobu will probably be cho.ien at the trustees. The
present grand set retary will undoubtedly be re
tained.
During the month of December three beneficiary
or Ilk-ales were Issued— oue to the widow of W.
K. D-utsch of ophlr Lodge, .another to the widow
of A. X ion be. gof Unity Lodfcts auu tbe thiid to
the seven children of Isador Mayer of Nevada
Lodge.
Foresters or America. .
Grand Junior Woodward K. 8. Harrison has an
nounced the following official visits: January 4,
Court Rio Bravo In Kern City: January 5, Court
selma; January b, court Madera; January 7
Court Hermann In Fresno; January 8, Court Yql
semite in Fresno; January 11, rourt Santa itoaa;
January 12, Court Sausillto, January 2V, Court
Alhamura m Martinez
court Capital of California No. 6 in Sacramento
has made extensive pr^p ira'.ions for a puoile in
stallation of Us officers on Monday, January 4, A
••high Jinks" will follow tbe installation.
Among the visitors In the grand secretary's
office during the past week weie A. Thompson
and I. 'Inompson, both of court Royal No 19 of
.-pok-ane. Wash.: William Mead. P. c. R.. Court
Los Angeles; Fred Rohrbach of Court Farracut
Vallej*; Joe Korn, P. C. R. of Court Klk Grove,
ana G. F. Jscobson, past grand secretary ot the
Stale of Washington.
Ancient Order of Forester*.
n:gh Court fub-Chief Ranger Boehm will visit
Court Benlcta to-morrow for the purpose of in
stalling Its officers.
Court Excelsior will move to its new quarters in
the Native Sons' building on the 12th Insu
The meeting of the executive council was held
last f-aturday.
lonrt Sherwood Forest wl'l give* high jinks on
Wednesday night in honor of moving inio its new
quarters at 36 Eflrty street. Before the close of
tne court for high jinks, to whi h the friends of
members have been invited, a large class of candi
dates will be initiated.
Companion* of the Forest.
Tbe several circles are making preparations for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1897.
the installations which are to take place thl s
month.
The grand officers and board of deputies will t c
present at the installation of the officers of Mazzlnl
Circle on the evening of the llih.
An entertainment is to be given in California
Hall on the 12th Inst. by the local circles and the
Goiden Gate Cycling Club, In ai d of the widow and
family of the late P^ul J. Hyde, who was s upreme
grand outer guard at the time of his sudden aeath.
a short time since.
Young Men's Institute.
The grand directors will hold a meeting on^tne
9th Inst., when It Is probable that the second In
stallment of the tax previously levied will be
ordered paid.
A lameda Council of Livermore has elected the
following offirers: W. P. Martin, P.: E X Ann
fctroug, S. ; M. (}. Callneha v, J. D. Collins and
Aueu .t Hartman. executive comml.tee.
Mission round, nas elected P. Andler, P.;
Henry Kucelr;erg, s. : j. p. Henry, J. P. Brady
ami J. A. Biieii, executive committee.
Columbia Council has elected J. P. Foley P. and
and I). A. Lawler a
Heury K. Hlghton will deliver a lecture ou "The
True Basis of Amerian Citizenship," under th-'
auspices of Golden Gate Council, in Metropolitan
Temple, on the l!7th Inst.
Young Ladies' Institotn.
During the past week the grand secretary, Miss
Josie T. JWolloy, sent to all tha branches a twenty
page letter setting forth a condensation of the pro
ceedings of the board of director* during the past
six months.
The grand president. Miss Grote. has sent to
each branch a pleasant letter of greeting in which
she compliments tho branches for the good work
done In the past and recommends that it be con
tinued In the future.
Charters have been issued to the new branches,
Nos. 44 und 45, one at Livermore and the otter at
Port Costa.
Order of Chosen Friends.
The committee of arrangements has completed
the preliminaries for the entertainment and social
to follow the installation of the officers of Evans
Council ou the evening of Thursday, the 14th
inst., In Concord. a Hull, Alcazar building.
Los Angeles Council Initiated nine candidates
on the 30th of last month, and on the 26ih Bel
mont Council initiated rive.
Much of the time of officers will be taken up
during the current month with the installation of
officers.
Empire council has a number of candidates for
initiation and Social council has eight on the list.
At the request of the Grand Council of California
and several other crand co.inciis supreme Coun
cilor Morse has if sued a circulnr by whlt-h he ex
tends the dispensation in zegard to the admission
of new members to the. "■ Oth of June of the present
year. In Mioiher circular the supreme councilor
offers special prizes to workers These will be a
desuii of a l.'utto.i an i piu to each number bring
ing in one Candida c who Is accepted, a j wel to a
member who brlnvs in five and promotion to the
office of past councilor to any member who brings
in twenty-five memlers. Such member will also
be presented a past councilor's jewel.
On tbe ISth Insi. the initiatory team will initiate
twenty candidates for Juantia Council In Oakland.
America Council initiated several cauuiuaies
last Tuesday tveiing. At the mcc ing on ihe
lJtli inst. more cand. dates will be niltated and
tbe officers of the council wnl be installed.
American Legion of Honor.
The Supreme Council, which whs In special
session two days and one ntxht in Philadelphia re
ceutly, transacted a great deal of business and
made impor ant changes in tbe laws affecting tbe
membership of the order.
Two classes— a and B— have been created. Each
class will be assessed separately and each will
haw to pay its own obliga ions in the matter of
death losses. Tbe rates for class B are the same
as those of what is now Known os the "Table of
]f-95." All whft were members of the order on |
Urn Ist ins:, have been placed iv Cluss B, and the I
assessment for the current month is the same on i
all members, the ram being ihe same us during
tbe past year.
Up to the Ist of ie\t July all who desire can
transfer to clufvs A on application, but af.er thai
date none who h is reached the age of bO will be
c iglbie. Those under that age will after that date
in- .MwibU' If they pass a satisfactory medical
examination.
For il»ss A a table based on the natural pre
mium plan has been adopted. It in one th.v has
been aaopted b»- many of ibe fraternal und asjess
in- tit orgßUiz:it ons and consider -d oue of tbe
safest plans extant. Under this plan the rate
increases each yeur until tbe age of t>o is reached,
when it remains fixed at tbe amount of that year.
Another cbHiige is in regard to reinstatements.
In the past a susp ii'le.l member could be re-
Instated at any time wl.hin sixty days after sus
pension, but now there can be no reinstatement
without a medical examination. If a suspended
ruemlier U over 60 yeais of age his reinstatement
ni.s iimiihiii sixty days after suspension, l his
w a-> adopted to circumvent abuses that were creep
ing into the order.
>t.'i>.i were taken by which the emergency fund
is protected for the uenelil of each clusi.
me officers of Bohemian Council were installed
on aaturday by Grand Secretary Burton, and
utter the ceremony the secretary, who was a rep
resentative to the supreme Council, gave a full
explauallon of tbe new laws.
uolUen star Council will install its officers on
Tbui'.-dar next.
The grand councilor and the other grand officers
wi.l visit as many of the councils as possluie to
explain t>ie ciiangt-s In the Inw.
ilir state-men, lor i/ecember shows deatn claims
amuuiitmg to $250,500, of which California has
seven, amouutlnz to $16,001). During the month
of December there have been paid in California
daims amounting to- $'J6,u00, and that covers
nearly all tne California claims.
. Knights of Honor.
Assessment So. 4 in class A and assessments
497-8-9, 500 and SUI in class iJ have been It- vied
fjr tiie current month 'l he>e become delinquent
on tbe last day of tbe month.'
During the month of November the reports show
an increase of 852 after deducting losses by death
and suspensions. 'i his Is proof that the revision
of the laws has proved beneficial.
Polar Star I.oJge had a full attendance of mem
bers on Friday night when C. A. Hexlrum, P. D.,
delivered an interesting lecture on "Tanning by
the Did and the Modern Methods," but omitted to
say anything about the mother's method of tan
ning with a slipper. C. A. and K. li. Noble of
«rba Buena Lodge were imoa; the visitors.
Vi.Ti.ii i vena 1 <> Ikp is making arrangements for
tbe organization of a degree team and M. L.
Crowe, P. D . ba.s been appointed special organizer
far the lodge for the < inrent year.
Last Tuesday " Grand Dictator Archibald ad
dressed the members of Union Lodge. Grand Re
porter JohnUone and Grand Trustee Vincent were
present during '.be addresv
Last Tuesday J. W. Rourke, P. G. D., addressed
lhe members of Norman Lodge on the "Good
ProsDects for the Ord» r Dunng tbe Year 1897."
Knight* and 1.-nli<>« of Honor.
Oakland Lodge has elected the following named
a* officers to serve for tbe ensuing term: Freder
ick J. Meckfessel, P.; W. B. Greenbaum, V. P.; j
Mary K. Cumming*, R. and F. H.: J. B. Dixon, T. :
Fradericka Wpbr. C; Henry K. Commlngs. G.
and s. ; J. A. Colquh >un is the past protector. , This I
lodge is making arrangements for a change of lo
cale, and expects 10 hold its meeting ou tbe 12th
lnst. in a hail near Broadway.
Palmetto Lodge of Alameda has elected the fol
lowing named for the next term : Mis* Kosie Gal
lagher, P.: C. L. Bushoack, V. p.; Miss Isabel
Wright, It. Lud*r Hopken. F. S.;- Mius Marie
Probst, t.; \V. Deitzuzcn. T.; T. Uoff man, G. ;
Mrs. Annie Hoffman, guardian; J. J. Flynn, 8.
These otllcers will probably be Installed on the
14th inst.
KnighU of Pythla«.
Grand Chancellor McGlashan, will, on the even
ing of the 28th Inst.. v. sit Benicla Lodge for the
purpose of Installing the otlicers, and on the same
even in the ranks will be conferred on several ap
plicants. ■ . ,
It is expected that all tbe grand ofilcers will be
pres -lit at the twenty-first anniversary celebration
to be held at Winters on Ibe2Bih lnst.
The Uuiiorm Rank will at end in a body upon tbe
occasion of th? installntlon of the ofßcers o. Komi
Lodge to-morrow nl cht. ■ ; .
1 he reteption givon last Wednesday evening by
the ~ First l«.'*lm<>iu Uniform Rani: in Pyinian j
Castle, to its fiit-nds, wus a grand- success, and :
there was a large attendance. During • the even-
Ing addresses were deltverei b7' George 'Samuels.
P. G. C: Jterman Schaft'ner, G. K. of R. and S.;
Messrs. U W. Neviu, Ciarii of siskiyou, Nerney,;
W aggs aff and others. Tbereglments lntendsto
give other entertainments during the winter
months.
Knights of the Maccabeen.
An effort will be made to secure for this city the
next State convention, which is to be held In the
spring. The several local tents ■ have appointed a
joint committee to that end, and to make all necus
tary arrangements.
Tbe members of the order are well pleased with
the announcement that C.A. Luckepbach,laie city
Clerk of Los Angeles, has been given ' general
charge of ; the work on f the Pacific Coast, v,' Mr.
Luckenbach was In this : City lust September in
charg» of the degree team of the City of the
Angeles.
Mission Tent, which > meets in "Mission Macca
bee Temple," the fraternal home of the members
of tbe omer of that section ot the City. Is making
remarkubie progress, adding to Its membership at
each review. - v -• = ■■'-,-., --■■■■ .-■:■.-. ■*■■•-, .....-.-.■
During the first half year of Its existence, which
cosed with the year, Modin Tent I has a very com
mendable - record., It shows a healthy - develop
ment, and h.Hs earned in* • title of "pacemaker
for the tents of Northern California." ; ;• . :;
There are hi this lime five Hives of the Ladles
of the Maccabees in this Suite— three in this Cl;y,
one In Oakland and one i i Alani -d t. The annnal
Inspection <f these hives, which h»s j.ist b»en
held, shows that they are ull in a' prosperous con
dition.
Order of Pendo. '.;
Ninety-seven applications have been received
during the past four weeks at tne oilice of the su
preme secretary. , |
. Golaen Gate Council will Initiate four candidates
thl< evenlnq; and 'Install the" recently elected
<fncers, after which the evening will be devoted
to social amusement.
A new council, \ Virginia, will be Instuuted a:
Portsmouth, Va., next Thursday evening.  :
siverHtar Council initiated six candidates on
the 19'.h of Uecember,' and eighteen on the 23d.
Protection CooncU initiated seven ; candidates on
thß 23CL " ■;,_.; ,•♦
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Coast Champion Riordan, Amateur
Champion Donnelly, Nealon and Bon
net Play Two Great Games.
The San Francisco handball court was
crowded yesterday and several interesting
games were witnessed. J. C. Neaon and
John Riordan, the coast champion, played
a great game against T. P. Bonnet and P.
T. Donnelly, the amateur champion, win
ning the final by two aces. They then
changed partners and Bonnet and Riordan
defeated Nealon and Donnelly, the final
being won by five aces. The play fasci
nated the spectators, as there are no better
exponents of the game to be found on the
coast.
Another closely contested game was the
one in wh.ch R. Linehan, me overhand
swirer, and Al Pennoyer played against
J. Harlow and J. Feeney, the two former
winning the final by six aces. Phil Kyan
and M. McNeil commenced the year by
defeating their old-time rivals', G. Mc-
Donald and Dan Kodgers. The friends of
each team are already speculating as to
which will top the score at the ciose of
the year.
There were a few games played at the
Union court, but no record was kept.
Following were the games piayed at the
San Francisco court:
M. Maguire and F. Lukin defeated J. Hussey
and G. Maguire, 21— 13, 15—21, 21—19. K.
Shay and P. Barrett deieated h. Mottitt and J.
Braunock, 21—16, 14—21, 21—17. P. Ryun
and M. McNeil deii-aie i G. McDonald aud D.
Rodgera, 21—12, 17—21, 21—20. J. Wflite and
M. McLHughiin defeated J. t'oulns md M. 2>ic-
Ciure, 21—14, 17—21, 21—20. G. Hutehlnsou
ana p, Kelly deieated W. Ke.iy and
J. Slattery, 21—13, 10-21, 21—19.
A. Pennoyerand R. Linehan defeated J. Har
low and J. Feenc-y, 21—14, 17—21, 21—15. R.
Murphy aud M. i-t wards deieated Jb. Toy and
W. Stausbury, 21—15, 13—21, 21—18. J. C.
N'ealon and J. Riordan, <-oasi cuampon, d»
feaied T. F. Bonnet aud P. Donnelly, 21— 15.
17—21, 21—19. T. F. Bonnet and J. Riordau
defeated P. Donnelly and J. C. Nealou, 21—14,
21-13, 21-16.
Koyal ArcHiium.
In the past nineteen years the Koyal Arcanum
.*ias paid 10 benetitianes of deceased rcemi.ers
nearly $40,000,000. and it has never in any oue
year culled for more than slx;e«n assessments.
Despite -he cry oi hard times ;he ord«-r baa duiliig
ihe current year Increased its membership by
nearly 15,000. Efforts are now being made to
reach the 200,0i)u mart, by next May, when the
order will be tweuty years old.
Friends of the Forest.
The officers of Pioneer Parlor will be Installed In
St George's Hall on th# evening of the 12th Inst.
Lincoln Parlor at its lait hfid meeting initiated
two candidates.
The members of these two parlors will assist at
the house-warming of the new quarter* of Court
Lincoln at 35 Eddy street, in the near future.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Janet \V. smith (by Thomas O'Brien, Tax Col
lector) 10 W. WolfSJhn, lot on S line of Vallejo
street, 87:6 \V of Bioderlck, W 25 by S 137:6 (tax
deed); fl.
Peter Flach to Louise H. Flach, lo'. on 8 line of
Pine street, 113:i)K of Lyoo, X 25 by S 137:6;
$10.
Crocker Kstale Company to John Slierlcn, lot
on .\ line of Kieder.ck street. 131:3 \V of Shrader,
\V 100 by N 137:6: $10.
FiOra Fehreiuacher to A. M. Speck, lot on N\V
line of Xatonia street, 140 SW o! Eleventh, SW 25
by MW 80; $iSO.
Amelia i>orlnnd, Leomiro A. ana Louis A. Sonc
to Congregation Emanu-El and hureka Benevo
lent Association, lot on NY.' Eighteenth ami Do.
lores streets, W S9B. X 160 to 8 Una of Isaac
Block, X 400 to a point on \V Do ores, a a point
134:1 N of Eighteenth street, 34:l to beginning,
qulti-lulm deed: *iOJ. -
*»t!» I*. Johns'ii to Mane B. Johnson, lot on
N Green street. 171-3 \V Powell street, W 20xN.
137:6: gift.
Ksiate of OeorgeS. Mann (by Georve T. Hawley,
executor) to lleury Meyer, lot beginning at 143
W ot Second s reei and 80 N of Brauuau. M to s
line of .-outb I'ark avenue, SW to a point 185 \V
of Sect nil street, s to a point hO jN of Brannan,
E4-; $2700.
\s Illiai. it. Hewitt to Edward J. Moran. lot on
\V lint* of Second avenue, 100 S of Clement, S 25
by W l'-'U; *10.
Henry Uarnis to Sam Woifson, lot on N"\V line of
Forty-ninth avenue and J street, N tJOO, \V 3e', S
600. E 18: «10.
George V. and Alice E. Galtasher.to Annie
Karmienski,'lot on W line of Twe.ftta avenue, 100
Bof L street, siO b.- W 1:0, lot on N line of J
street. 32:6 E of 'ibirteenth avenue, E 62:6 by N
100; $10. •
David T. and Mary C. Philips to John J. Dono
van, lot on I: line 3t Thirteenth avenue, i'2f> .N of
SI street, X 25 by E 11.0; *10.
Michael lltz/.iird to Mary S. Moulton, lot on E
line of Folsom street, 250 H of Prec.ta place, s> 25
by X 100; $350.
Thomas and Wiiliam Mclntyre, same, same;
$350.
ltose Ann I-'lynn. same, sime; $350.
Alice E. Hiid George H. Kruse to Solomon netz,
lot on W line ot Moscow street, 17'> N of India
avenue, W 100 by H 25, lot 38, block 69, Silver
Homestead ; $10. -
Christian and Lacertha Swandson to Thomas J.
nakes, lot on the N l.ne of Mintrva, 80 W of
Capuo!, \V 15 by N 100, lot 10, blo.k R. Railroad
llumciitead; $10. '
Mary S. and l;ht J. Burnett to Boaid of Edu
cation of San Francisco, lot 40, block 15, .ben
Franklin Homestead Association; $1.
Joseph I. Lawless to Marten B. Joost, lot on the
XX line of San Bruno avenue, 176 sE of Bacon,
8K 'J5 by NX 200, lots 9 and 24, block D, lUley
l'urcnase; $10.
, AI.AMEOA COUNTY.
Patrick Fannon to Aotouc Simmons, lot on W
line of Lewis street, 175 N\V o: Third, S 25 by XV
90. Doing lot 17, bloctc 11, Bay View Homestead,
•Jakland; CIO.
L/C. K. and i-Ila N. Harman to Iticharl Dowllng,
lois Id and 16. Map of subdivision of .Lake Merrill
Park. Xi si Oakland: $.0.
H. P. auU Cora A. Aifrrltt to Charles H. Lovell,
loi on sK corner of Second avenue and Kasi
Twelfth street. X 150. t) 350, W 33:6, S 150, \V
42, N 160, W 69:6. N 150. Kast Oakland; *10.
J. 11. T. and ilarr c:t Wutkins a to llagzie
Perry, lot commencing at a puiut 150.12 X from
NW corner of Piedmont Trac:, tbence N 7(5.40,
E 40.03 to N\V . corner of lot 12 of sad tract,
ibe cc SK 131.M)toN line of Oakland avenue,
thence NW l:-6.til to beginning, Deing lot 10,
Piedmont Trac, uikiand Townsnlp: $10.
'lh.-odore Uueincluld to M ngda!ena Itheinchlld,
lot .18, Peralta-avenno Tract, Jlrooklyn i owns lp,
qultcla.m deed; $10.
Magdalena Rheiticbild to Paul Cohen, same,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Uici'na Parsons to Luclnda Parsons, wife of
Joseph N., loi 3-, block C, Prison's Uoiden Gate
Tract, Oakland Township. $10.
i'H)r,«i a. and Agues L. Holste to Louise J.
Porier, lot on NX corner of Suttcr street and Ked
wood road or county road No. 809, N 72. 16. X 176,
S 2, W 176 to beginning, being the SW portion
of lot StSJ) Sutter I'ract, Brooklyn Township; $500.
James K. Mofiltt to Daniel King, lot on >; Hue oi
San Jose avenue. 350 W of Willow s reet, W 60
by N 150, being lot '£, block M, . property of the
Pioneer Homestead As»oclatlon, Alameda; 10. ;
James 8. Antlsdale to Martha M. Antistlale,
lots 8, 9, 10 and 14. block It, map of Lincoln'
Park, Oakland Township; gift.
Mary A. lloeau to Martha Young, lot on N line
or Taylor strert, 77:6 J-. of Pine, X 30 by S 135,
being portion: lois 42 and 43, block 4'J2, uaklaud;
10. .. ■ :~ ■ "■■;■:■ ' : .•-... - ■■. ;• ■
. Henry 11. Young to same, same, Oakland; gift.
Jay Scott to Oakland H-mk uf .-<« vings, 101 on X
line of Cliesi-er streei, 144 S of West Klghth, N.
34 by E 100, bloc* 553, Oakland: $10.
Max W. Koenlg to brid^el Ca lalian, lot on SW
corner of Jackson and Fourth strreta, H 75 . by W
75. being lots 10, 16 and 17, block 26, Oakland;
$10. ...
Bridget Callahan to Max W. Koenlg, same, Oak
laud: *10. ■ • ,
Andrew O. and Mary K. Roos to Nels J. Ilerby,
lot on \V line Hi cuestnui street. 168:3 S,of
Twentv-tirst, 8 25 by W '12;,' being lot 14, block
A, map of Adeline-street property, being a | resub
diviilon of blocks A and B of IS'orthcru Addition
to Oakland. i.akland: $>0. . ■ :
1 ■ Tatlow JuckiOti 10 AlDert Schmidt, lot on SW
line, of Sixth avenue. 50 NX of East Slxteenta
street, NX 50 by N \V ISO, b ock 82, CTluion, sub
ject to mortgage, Kast Oakland: $iO.
■ i.eyver and i-'annie K. Jacob^on io I.eon 15.
Goldberg, 10. oa X corner of Nlueteenih avenue
and Jtasi Twenty-seventh street, SK 250 by NE
140,- block 92, "iviap of Northern Addition to
v Brooklyn, East OaKiund: 45. i.
Thomas 11. Kotleuhiirst to A. L." Beale, lot on
NW line of '1 hinl avenue, 100 NX. of Kast
Twelfth street, Njfi 50 by N W 180, being portion
lo'.s b to 12, block 60, Clinton, subjec to a mort
gage for 1(3500. . . • . . ,
I). U Conkllng and Julia V. Smi:h to James
Watkins, loi 33, block B, Veruou Park, Oakland
Township: $10. ; - . ■.-. ;
■ James Kins to John C. Johnson, same. Oak
land Townsh.p: $10. . , . ■ . ,
Herb rt C. and Ida L. Robb to Albert Bertz, lot
on N line of RusseH : street. 26S.21'J<. of Sliauuck
avenue. N 10 by N lii 4:6. bein^ lot V 5, blo.k H,
Blake estate propsrty, Berne. ey;'*lo. . . .
' James and i mniu smim to !•'. I>. Frost, lot on s
line of Haate street, 210 W of Milvla, W 60 by S
136. being lot 9, block 6, Barker Tract, Berkeley;
I $1000. . ' !■:.- ■■*:%> i.yi-fVA-, •.■■'-;,w%::.5-,;'Ji>!
- - CuioineM. Hankie to John - Dobson, lot on E
line of Charles street. 225 N of Webiter, N 25 by
X .00 being the N 25 feet oi lots 16 and 10, bloc*
34,' iimp of Fltcbburg Homestead lots, Brooklyn
Townsnlp; flO. : ■ .. :
. Jo.ic. h A. i.eonard . Company to : Charles F.
Fischer, lot on S\V corner of Cbcstmu street and
ban Jose avonue, 50 by, W 108. being lot 6,
block 15, amended map of ■. Barlleu - Tract Ala
nieiia .flO. . ■■ ■■:<; .:■<■ :-;.V-"l '. •'. '■ ""- ::.:■.■.'..■.''
• .Pacific improvement Company to Mary F. Ar
nold, iu.s 13 .o 10, b ock 47, town of Kiles, Wash-
Ineiou Township; $775. ■ .
■ Alary V. Arno.d to .Mary E. de Cora, same, Wash-'
lngion Township: 910.
; . : Bnilder8 f Oontraots.
Otto T. Hllbrecht with 'I). Currie. to erect a two
story frame building on Belvedere street, 100 N of
Frederick, (2654; Fred P. Kobin architect. "
Boar.i of Lducatlon with the Ka« Building and
Contracting i ompany, concrete work, etc., on N W
corner or Eighteenth and Dolores streets, $d 0,977;
C. I. Havens architect ' V ■ ::-"■ ■■.-■- ■•; ■-■■ ■s -
*;. Same with Q. U. Sweener, plumbing, gasflttlng,
sewering, etc., on same, 94134; same architect. • '
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. If any, the •mount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Jsobars, or solid
lines, connect po.'n s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. lne
word "hieh" means hls?h barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low
rt-fers to low pressure, and is uoually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In th« interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low- Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is lmprob
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected In summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WJ..YTHJKU BUREAU REPORT.
United States Depabtment of Aqricdi.-
TCRK. Weathebßubkau. San -Francisco, Jan.
1897, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions aud general
forecasts:
■ The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son:
Eureka inches, last season 15.80 Inches:
Red Bluff 11.23 Inches, last season 6.66 Inches:
San Francisco 11.10 inches, last season 4.loinches;
Fresno 3.95 incliei, last season. 1.11 Inches: San
Luis > bispo 7.69 Inches, last season 4.00 inches;
Los Angeles ft.o9 Inches, iait season 1.71 Inches;
sail Diego 3.84 Incnes, last season 1.67 inches;
Yuiua 1 86 inches, last season .32 of an inch
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature 49,
minimum 43, mean 46
An area of high prtsuire overlies the Rocky-
Mountain region and is moving slowly eastward.
An area of low pressure appears to-night off the
coast of Washington. It Is rahilug at Fort Canby,
with high easterly winds.
The temperature has remained nearly station
ary over the entire country west of the l ocky
Mountain* during the past twenty-four hours.
General heavy frosts occurred tbrouehout Ca ifor
nla this moraine. Killing frost is reported in the
San Jonquin Valley. Ample warning of these
frosts was given. Throughout the southern part
of the State and in Ar'zoua heavy frost* will oc
cur for the third time Monday morning.
The following maximum wind velocity is re
ported at Fort Cenby : Forty-two miles per hour,
from the nor:liaa»t.
Forecast made at San Francisco to' 30 hours
ending midnUht, January 4, 1897:
Northern California— Cloudy Monday, and pos
sibly light rains Monday afternoon and night
along the coast from Eureka northward: slight
changes in temperature: lixhi ea-tterly wiuas.
southern California— ClouJy Monday along the
coast; fair Inland : heavy frost Monday morning in
exposed places: not so cold; lresh westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Monday; warmer.
Utah— Fair Monday: continued cold.
Arizona— Fair Monday; hoavy frost* Monday
morning: continued cold weather.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy weather,
probably without rain: not so cola: easterly winds.
Information sWnal has been hoisted at Eureka.
Alexander McAdik, Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAK.
Januahy. 1897.
4
11
i
7
14
1
8
| I
15
Sa. ■ Moon's Phases
2 €3to New Moon.
_W Jan. a.
9 I /^\Flrs: Quarter
J \^J) Jan. 10.
16
/», Full Moon.
— \§J , Jan. 18.
23 — —
- — • ! f?*\ Last Quarter.
30 vi*' Jan. '25.
12
t
21
! 22
10
28
oti-.A> >u.ajii.i;.\
linipi of Departure From San FrancUco.
BTKAMKR
Del None...
Homer
C0r0na......
Walla Walla
P0m0na.....
Czirlna
Knrelca
Faralion
ZcalanJla ..
Peru.........
A Blanc hard
State ot Ual.
(Santa Koia.
San Hlan. ...
rmatlila.. ..
Coon 8av.. . .
DKBTIVATIOV. |
HA ins.
PtiCll.
Uravs Harbor. ! Jan 4. 6pm
YaqulDa Bay. I Jan '4. spm
! Han Die co. ..: Jan 4. 11*
Vie * Part. Sna Jan 4. 9am
Humboldtßai Jan 4. Yru
Coos 8ar...... -lan 6,12 m
Newport Jan 0. Van
Yuaulna Bay. Jan 6. 9am
Sydney ...-.;.. Jan 7, vpm
China AJapan Jan 7. Ipm
Oregon ports.. Jan 7, 6pm
Portland...... Jan B.lo*m
Ban Diego Jan B.llam
Panama. .. Jan 8,12 h
I Vie & Pgt Snd Jan 9. 9am
Newport.". : V..'. .Lan 10. fAM
Pier 2
Pi«r 1 1
Pier 9
Pier <
Pier 8
Pier 11
pier 'i
Pier 7
PM 8 S
Pier 1 1
Pier 24
Pli»r I i.
P MS S
Pier 9
Pi«r 11
sTEA.MKI..-. TO AX.XIV
>TfAMKR |
C1e0ne.......... I
Crescent City...
Peter Jebsen...
City Sydney....
Hurefca.
Farallon .......
AlllaiiC • .......
Allceßlancnard
State of Ca1....
North Font. ...
Washtenaw . ...
hanta H05a.....
Mexico. ;..
T111am00k...... !
Kmplrb .........
Newport.;...... I
Colon v..'.'..-'.V.: I
Coptic
Coos 8ay. ...... |
Arcata .........
City i'ucbia....
C0r0na..........
C01umbia.......
Czarina......;..
Hnm»r .. ....: i
! Crescent City... .........
i Crescent city
Nanalmo...
Central America
Newp0rt....... ..{.
Vaquina Bay.
Cods Bay.
Portland....
Portland. ..'. ;.
Humboldt Bar
Tacoma...... ......*.....:
I dan 1neie0.. .............
Victoria A Pueet Sound
' Yaqalna 8ay...... ......
| Portland.
i Pan i ma....... ..........
I Panama......:.'. ........
China and Japan.
j Newport.....
Coos 8av...:.. ..........
Victoria & Paget Sound
san Diego. ..............
P0rt1and. ...... ..........
Coos Bay ................ j
'■■ Ynonlna Ha*-.. . .:
..uan
..Jan
..Jan
..Jon
.Jan
..Jan
Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..Jan
..Jan
...Tan
..Jan .
..Jan
..Jan .
..Jan I
..Jan !
..Jan I
..Jan li
..Jan II
..Jan ll
..Jan 1
Jan i
SUN, MOON AXO 'JllliiS.
Unitkd States Toast and Oeod»tic Bttrvey
Timks asd Heights of Hioh and Low
Waters at Fo <t Point. Estbavck to
Can Francisco Hay. Published by Offi
cial Authority OF THB SITPERINTENDENT-
Notk— The high and low waters occur ai the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty-
n y» m mi es later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
January — 1897.
Monday, Janusr/ 4.
Snnrimw 7.26 1 Moon rises
(Sunsets 8.04 i Moon tett. 6.44 fu
i.
H W|
II- W
I
Fa-t; '"'"' Feet
! H .>
Tim-
I, W
2.29
2.6»
3.29
1.03
4.5;
! 4.6!
4.7
4.7
I 4.8
&20
7.18
8 IV
9 28
10.32
3.1
3.1
2.9
2.7
2.6
•-'.a
12.22
1.15
2.12
3.12
4.v»
7.10
7.4-i
8 25
9.03
9.42
i
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide ot the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bat three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractive
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTICK TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hvdrosrraphlc
Ofit-e located in th« Merchant*' Exchange I*
maintained in Sao Francisco for the benefit or
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
ex Dense, ■'■.•'-.. .:/'. ;v. .-.•-**.••• -v - ; --•:■.•■.<•"•,-
Navigators: are cordially Invited to vMit the
oflice, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on hani ior com
parison and reference, and the I latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of ; Interest to ocean
commerce. *■"•■:"■■-' ■: -\-:-- : -: ..;■•>;.," '.'■...■
The time ball on top of the bnlUTng on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about -ten minutes before
uooa, and is dropped at noon, I th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received I each .■ day from the
United States Naval Obervatory a-. Mare Island.
Cal. ..:'* - r-:s-:- :i -~i: - - • " , ' , - - ■■. ■ ■'..'■-,:
A . notice stating whether the t lma ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any. Is
puhnshel th*> same, day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following day.
■ • W. Hughes. ■
Llpntenant U. g . N*.. In nlnr-r".
SHI I*l U INIiiLIGLNCK
Arrive I.
STJNDAY.January 3.
Btmr Pomona, Doran. 17 hours • from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Goodali. Perkins* Co. .
Stmr South Coast. Hansen, 33 hours Troni
Trlnntad: iOO cds stavebolts. 80 M shakes, 1600
M «hine«M. il M ft lumber, to J X Haniiy. _
Stmr Noyo. Levinson. 14 hours trom Fort Bragg;
pass and rndse, to JS Kimball. - ~ '
Stnir Bonlta, Reed, *•* hours Trom Coos Bay.
etc; inilse, u> O C <fc N Co. ..
Stmr Gipsy, inland, t'i hours frm Mosj Landing.
etc: produce, to (ioodall. Perkins <fcCo.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 16 hours uom
Gre •iitvoo i ; lumurr. lo L White Lumber Co. •
■ Schr uotarna, DedrlcK, 10 days from Coos Bay;
'236 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co. .
Schr Newark, iieck. 16 hours »rom Bowen3
landing, 151 M ft lumber, to F Hey wood.
*i ; T Sailed.
SUNDAY, January 3.
Ptmr Oeo Loom!*. Brtdgett, Ventura,
Ptmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Stmr Caspar, Annndsen, Caspar. -■ ,
stmr Columbia, Conway, Astoria.
stmr Arcata. Cousins, coos Bay.
Br ship MUtouburn. Patterson. Newcastle, NSW.
bhip Dashing Wave, Morehouse, Tacoma.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOa Jan. 3.-1U p. ic— Weaths:
hazy; wind NE: velocity 4 miles. -.
. Unmeitlo I'urti.
COOS BAY-Salled Jan 3-3tmr Alliance, for
San Francisco.
EN DOClNO— Arrived Jan Stmr Weeott,
hence Jan 2. ,
CASPAR— SaiIed Jan Stmr Jewel, for Ban
Pedro. - .
CKESCENT CITY -Sailed Jan 3-Btmr Crescent
City, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 3— Brsbip Hawksdale.
for Quee_aown; Br ship Champion; stmr State of
California, ror s&n Francisco.
PORTBLAKELEY— balled Jan 3— Bark Prus
sia, for "«u 'rancisco.
SEATTLE— balled Jan 3-Schr Inca, for Uiogo.
GREEN WOOD— Arrived Jan 3— stmc Alcatraz,
hence Jan '2. ■
POKT HADLOCK— SaiIed Jan 3— Schr Lettitla,
for Han Jrranclsco.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 3— Schr.Emma Clau
dltia, from Redondo; stmr National City, hence
Jan vt.
Hailed Jan s— BUn C C Funk, for Sydney.
PORT ANGELES-In b iy Jan 3-Baric Klchard
111 heuce .la. i 7. lor Victoria: bark Melrose.
POBT TOWNSEND— Jan 3— SchrKlng
Crrus, from Tientsin; schr Annie Larsen, from
Oro<. '
FORT ROSS-Arrlved Jan 3-Schr Etta B, hce
Jan 2. and silled for ban Francisco. . -
FORT BRAGG— sailed Jan 3-aimr Protection,
for San Francisco.
Importations. -;■•;]-
COOS BAY— Per Bonita— 2 bzs fish. 2 bales
flannels, 8 pcs lumber, i sealed bag, 1 chest.
FORT .BRAGG— Per Noyo— l0 empty barrels. 1
bx apples, si bdls hides, 2 'bdls pelts, 3 cs mdse,
283, 7lHlumber.
MOjJi LANDING-Fer Gipsy— 6B7 ska pota
toes. ■ -.-».
Hoauel— l lot bones, 60 reams paper, 2 kegs vine- ,
gar, 34 bxs apples.
Santa Cruz — 2 bxs fish. 22 cs cheese, 1 cs eggs, 1
bx amoked sardines, 6 bxs butter, 46 bxs apples.
500 bbls lime.
Pigeon Point— so cs cheese, 6 bxs butter. 202
drumi 40 twiu drums cheese, 4& bdls hides, 2 bdls
ca. istclns. 1 bdl pelts, Isk taut*. 12 cans tallow.
ECREKA- Per i'omona — iiOO M shingles, 2 cs
dr/ goods. 1 cs crackers, 167 bxs butter, 2 cs hard
ware, 2 coops chickens, 4 sks peas. 1 ox bacon. 6
sheepskins. 2 cs cigars.- 1 cs bootcs,' lOpkgsex
pr.-ss 30 hf-bxs IS bxs fish, 1 bbl fish. 3 colls
cals, 3 colls lead lines, <£f> cs condeused milk, i cs
guns, 33 doors. 1 cs powder, 218 bxs apples, 191
sks oats, 26 sks potatoes. , .
" ■ ' ; Consignee*. '
Per Bonita— A Paladlni ; Bandon Woolen-mills;
Weils, Far<o A Co; G W Kneais.
Per Noyo— Home of the Frlen Hess: Roth&Co:
W BSumner A Co; TL Johnson; Union Lumber
Co.
Per,Glpsy— Wolf A Son; Thomas Lougbran; S F
rocker.- and Ulaisvvar* Co; Norton, Teller A Co:
N Ohlandt A Co; Union Paper Co; H Cowell A Co:
Fredenckson A Jacobson: Dodee. Sweeney A Co;
Cprpschlno A Co: Dairymen's Union: B Calto A Co;
Wellman, Peck & Co: Blssim;er<& Co: Hills Bros;
AW Fink & Co; TUlmann<fcßendel; F Orabe;
Garcia it MagginL
Per Pomona— A Fey; A Crocker <feCo; Ameri
can BitcuU Co: Brigham, Hoppe _ Co: C Acker
man <fc Co: Dairymen's Union: Standard Oil Co: F
KScoU: Baker & Hamilton: Langley <fe Michaels:
Russ, Sanders _ Co; Dodge. Sweeney <fe. Co: Kin<
him A to: J F Eoglisu A Co; Russ, Sanders A Co;
Wellman, Peck <s <,*, ; S-.ieifp. Hauibureer <fc Co;
American Union Fish Co: \Vells, Fargo A Co; S F
Beaclc ; A Paladini: A Bfllan i A Co; F B Uaight;
J B Injtuglin: i> Caito A Co; Norton, Teller A Co:
X M Hec-cman: G Camlllonl A Co; Milan! Co:
N Farantlnu; i Pacific Coast - Fish Co: A Lunto: . E
F Allen A Co: Getzßros A Co: CE Whitney _Uo ;
Hllmer, IJredhoff A fclmlz; Wheaton. Brbon A Co;
O B Smith A Co: Hills Bro.i: Marshall A Reimen:
Schweitzer A Co: Boss A Hewlett : GBertl&Co;
Campodoulcoit Malcolm: II L"vi A Co: . Pacific
Lnoiwr «uj Mill Co: Tlllmann A Bendel : Dalle
oian A Co; Pac tic Coast Newspaper Co; J Wolf <fe
.- on : Marshall, Teggart A Co : Witzel <fc Baker ; ' H
Huiard ; McDonough A Kunyon; Pacific Coast
[ ISewsußper Co: A Aello.
. OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE O. R. N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. 'm. ',
FA P"l? /812 Kirst-claxs \ Including
iiltJ^tSß Second-class /berth _ _e_i.
SCHEDULE OF. SAILINGS:
C01nmb1a............. Jan. 8, 13, 3, Feb. M
State of California A Jan. 8. 18, 28, Feb. 7
Through ' tickets and ' through bastga.e to alt
Eastern points. - Rates and toiders upon applica-
tlon to . <
F. F. CONNOR. General Apent.
■ . 630 Market street.
GOOD ALL. . PERKINS A CO.. Superlmgnde.aH
TACIFIC COAST_STEAISHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY AflL
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: --BBSaE
For Marr Island, Lorlng;, Wrangel. Jnneau, Kll-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m.. Jan. 9, 24.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, 'Tocoma, Everett. "-. A nacortes and
New W at com (Belllceham Bay, Wash.). 9a. m.
Jan. 4.9. 14. 19,24,29, and every tifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R. -
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with v.
N. Ky,, at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arrata and Fields Landing (Hum.
iiol.lt Bay), Htr. Pomona 2 p. m.. Jan. 4. 8, 12, 16,
10. 24, 28. and every fourth day thereafter.
For sunta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Carncos,
Port Harford (San 1 nli Obispo), Uaviota. 4nnta
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, s^an Pedro, East sa-i
Pedro (Los Anueles) and Newport; at 9 a. v.
Jan. 2, 6, 10, 4, 18, 2 26, 30, and every fourtu
day thereaft*)'.
For Han Diego, stopping only at Port Harrori
! (San Luis Oblspo), saqta Barbara, Port Loa An-
geles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
A.M.Jan. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20,24,28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
i'tir : and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 25th of each month.
'1 he Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket oflice— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
UOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
' * : .10 Market St., San Francisco.
fM_PH_M|_a S - S - ZEALANDIA
_k AHIE Falls vl » HONOLULU
fß>nill|| Mj j AUCKLAND for
W l—^— -^ SYDNEY, Thursday,
Cityr 1 • \ January 7, at 2p. v. :
Sipamcninj as. Australia for
GjCglllJllll/^ HONOLULU only.
uSlTIRifinU- Tuesday, Jannar. 26,
VVIIIfJUIU«J M% P . m. special party
rates.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust..and CAPETOWN,
South AfrlOH.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agflnts.
. • 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market su banFranuUco. .
COIIPAGIHE GEIERAL TRAHSATIASTIQDB
French Line to Havre.
nOMPANY'S PIEK(NEW).42NOIUH _A_MB
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by jfiitjSlP
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. - Aew Yoric to Alexa'idria. Kgypt, via Paris
first class $ 160, second class $116.
La50RMaXD1E.:..... ...... Jan. 9, 9a.m.
LA CHAMPAGNE... ......Jan. 16, 10 a m.
LABOUKOOO.NB.... ...Jan. 23. 6a. m.
LA OASCOONE.. Jhii. 30 9am.
LABRETAGNE Feb. 6, .__
_W For further particulars apply to
■> r, , Al FOttuKT, Agent.
. no. ■ ' >o. 3> Bowiln S Green. New York.
J. F. FUG>ZI A CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
arenue, San Frajicisco. •
FOU VALLEJO AUD U. S. SAVY-YARD.
STIiAMEtt "MONTI C£IXO." X
Dally ex. Saturday _ Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 P. m.
baturdays »10:30 a. m., 4 p.m.
5unday5............. :..'... ..8 p. m.
Landing Mission-street Dock. Pier 2.
, Telephone Black '261.
•Trip gives 6 hours atop at Navy-Yard. "
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washtnsrton St-
At 6 I*. JVI, Daily. irelK received am
to »:3I» F. M. v-f
SBT Accommodations Reserved by Telephona.
'iboonly Hue maitlux llirougb rate* oa V>ll___
Boad freight. .■•■—-■-.-
STBAMEKS:
; T. C. Walker. J. D. Feterti, •
Mary Uarratt. City of Stooktoa.
Telephone Main 80S. Cai. Nay. and linou C* ■
FOR SA J JOSE, LOS GATOS & SAHTACRUZ
OTEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MON-
O day. Wednesday, Friday, at 10 a. m. - Alviso
'1 uesday. Thursday. Saturday, at 3p. m. Freight
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco and
Alvlso, 60c; to Sau Jose. 75c Clay at. : Pi«r l.
-« W. hanta Clara at., Sau Josa. V"* ler ** ,
RAIjLROA^TRAVEI-^ ■_ 1 .
THE SAS FB4SCISCO: ASD SAS JDA(|UU
VALLEY RAILWIY COJIPAAIf. J
FROM JANUARY 1, 1897, passenger tralusl
will run dally, excepting Sunday: ,_,_,. 1
Southbound. ■>. Stations • . -Northbound. 1
1 7'2'»a- M ....;... Stockton 6:40 p. m. "
9:19 a. m Merced 3:14 p m.
11:60 a m Fresno . J:10 _, M
For intermediate stations see tlmfi-tabie.
Connecting steamboats of the C N. A I. CO.
leave San Framlsco at 6 p. m. • daily, ex<eptitig
Saturday, and Stockton at 6 B M. dally, except n :
bund ay. . ' - - - ■ ■■ , •
SOVTIIKKS I-*,I*U tOJIPANY.
. ..' (rACiriO HVH'I'KM.) ■
Trnint le»»c mini I " A>c . |Kt ; <># Hrrl»« n(
KAN FKANCIMO.
leave — ' Fkom January 1, 1897. — Arr.Tvs
*~ # sroeA~Nflcs. San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43,\
7:OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogilen and I'.a/.t.. S:l.lr
7:00 a Btnicia. Vacavilie, Rums >y. Sacnv-
monto. OroTillo and Redding . ria .
DaTis •••• 6:-«.lp
7:20 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
CalUtega and Santa Rosa 6iJ3»
S:»Oa Nilt-8, San Jo*o, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, M«ry«ville, Chico,
Tehama and Rod lilutf lil.ip
•8:30 a Peters and Miltou »7:13p
9:OUa New Orleans Kxpresa. Raymond (for
Yosemitc), Fresno. Bakerglield.
Santa Barbara, T«s Angulcs, Dem-
'■ » Ing, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 4i4!Jp
0:00 a Martinezand Stockton 4:45p
0:00 a Vallejo • «=J5r
....... Niles, San Jose, LiTermore and
- Stockton 7:13p
•liOOp Sacramento River Steamers »O:OOp
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Livermore 8:45 a
tl:3«p Port Costa and Way Stations f7:45p
4:OOi» Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
Hautulloaa »lsi
«:00p Benicia, VacariUe, Woodland,
. Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
Tille anil Bacrainent« 11:13 a
4:30p Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer- .
ced and Fresno, going Tia Niles, _ ,
returning Tia Martinez 11:43 a
s:oopLos Angeles Express, Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Ai.geU-s .•••• 10:43 a
SiOUp Santa Fe Route. Atlantic ExpreßS
for Moja»» ami East.... J 2 : l5 4
6:0 Op European Mall, Ogden and 1-ast »*|'»A
6:OOp llarwardi, Niles and San Jose i_|_*
}7:OOp Vallcjo • ■ tT:43»
. 7:00p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marts-
Tille, Reiiaing, Portland, Pngek ,
- Sound and Kaat 11:18*
«I10:eep " Bunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles. HI Pa»o, New Orleans V
andEaat gl2i43 P
SANTA CItUZ IHVISIOM (Narrow tiauye). "
»xl»ANewark,Ceiiterriu\\.San.lose,Felton,
BouiderCreek,BantaCruzandWay
Stations OiaOP
•2:13p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Aliuaden, Felton, Bouliler Creek,
Banta Crux and Principal Way
Stations.... «ll:aOA
4:l»p Newark. Snn Jose and Loa (iatos ... 9:30 a
11:43]' Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7t2Op
COAST IHVISION Qlilrd A Towiwiul Slk.)
6:43 a Sau Jose ami Way .station* (Now
Almadeu Wednesdays only) 1:30?
■:19a Han Jose, Tres Pinos, Kmita Cruz.
I'acilic GroTe, Paso Robles, .San
Luis Ol>isix>, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 7:00p
IO:4Oa Sau Joau and Way Stations 3:00p
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30»
■2:30p San Matco, Menlo Park, Man Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruc,
SalinaB,MontereyHii<lPacilJcGrova *IO:4Oa
•3:'.10p San Joso and Way Stations U:43a
•4:30 Sau Jeseuud Way Stations *8:03 a
3:30p Sau.Tose and Principal Way Stations *8:1-1 a.
6:30p Sau Jose and Way Stations «::i.l\
1ll;45p San Joae hii-1 Way Shatioiiß <7»43p
" SAX LEASUBO A.M> IIAVU ARI>> LOCAL.
»*G:OOa . . ■ ~ ( 7:13 a
8:0« a 1 . f»:43A
iS.»2a| Melrose, Seminary Park, Villa
*":"BSp Fitchbur ,S*nLe«ndro \VAII
VZI »« \ V&l
»!gop H.,TT.rd . «■;
7:OOp B*4Hp
»:OOp . _ ■_. . . .... »:4.1p
9-UOp « Runs through to Niles. 0:30
tfll:l3p J « From Niles. ttHS:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom Sil FRISCISCO— of Market Street (Sli? 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. }l:00 *2:03 J3:00
•<:00 tB:OO »6:00 p.M.
from 01KU1ID— Foot orEroidwty *6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. 12:00 '1:00 t2:00 '3:00 t»:00
«s:oopji. __________
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* .Sundays excepted. t Saturday* only.
♦ Sundays only.
tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
«Tii<»»<l»»« pnd Saturdays. ' § Sundays and Thursdays.
SMFRMCISCO& NORTH
-CIFIC RAILWAY CO. ,
Tibmou Ferry— Foot ot Market St. , f
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. k.: 13:3\
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays- -Extra trips at l:jj
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30,' ■i.iJ,
6:00, 6:20 P. _
San Kafael to Ran Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. if •
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trlat
at 1:55 P. _ and 6:35 p. _ v
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. _: 1:40, 3:1%
- 6:00, 6:25 P. v.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parlc sama
schedule as above.
Leave I T np #prt. Anive
San Francisco. i oct! V 4? Ban nclsco.
Wkkk j Sux- jje^fnation SuN : i Wkkk"
Da ys. | days, destination. pAY(L [ Day^
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 1 10:40 am B:4oa*
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:'J5 avc
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa.! 7:35 pm I 6:212 pm:
Fulton, ;
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25
Healdsburg,
1 ytton,
GeyserviUe,
3:30 pm 8:00 am [ Cloverdale. 7:38 pm 6:22 ph
" '■ 1~~ ~~ I Pieta, " ""
Hopland _
7:30 am| 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pjc
7:30 am ib7'2s am
3:00 am Guernevllie. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm j 6:22 pm;
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am I 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam|B:ooam| BenaatODO i 10:40 am 1 10:2% am
3 .30 pm! 5:00 PM I 8 «PMtOpol. [ ,j : xo Pl , | B: ._ 2 p^
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie Wett
Springs; at GeyserviHe for Skairgs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelsey ville. Soda Bay and i*akeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett ■ Springs: at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, Jotin Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, BoonevlUe,
(jfeenirood. Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Port Bragg, Westport, Usal, Wiilets, Canto, Co-
velo, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoal
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle hnlMln*.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYA!f, >
Pen. Manager. Gen. Paas. Agen'. \
Atlantic
KAILKOAD
Trnlns leiive anj arrlvj at___l__s_S. _r&JE_J
ilarket-Street Ferry. __Mc£_rS_
SASTA FE EXPRESS. W&M
To Chicago via A. & v . V____«?* 5 O\JTM
ana gooa meals In Harvey* dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, «** Market
lORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry). r
l*N_S_i I'raaclsco, Commenclos Sept. 13, 189
WKBKUAYft
rorMlll Valley and »an Rafael— *7 r29, »9:i\
11:00 a. M.. »1:45. 3:43, »j:45. t»:30 r»2
Extra trips for Ban Uafael on Mondays, Wedna*
dajraand Saturdays at 11:30 p. M.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and sun Rafael— *B:oo. •io_
•11:30 a. M. ; ♦1:30, 3:00, *4:80. 6:16*. m.
Tralna marked " run to Han Uueulio,
THSdUGH •'---
For PoVtt Reyes and way staiTons -7-25 *. a.
Weekdays, 8«0 a. m. sundaya, 1:45 a. _ ,-.atu»
Or Casadero and way station*— 7:3B 4. M. w_i_k
toil 1:45 r. m. Hatnrdaya. ** "^^
miM TAJfALPAIS.
cSr^issa.** with North pacing
WEKK DAYS-LeaveaF. 0-15 a. « i^»
■ ■•■■-• Returning— Arrive S f Z-i2 **• ■ s*^ f. ic
SUNDAYS-LeaveaF. 8 a m ii-To *' 6 -^ "■ *■SUPERVISORS WHO
MADE PLEDGES
John Mitchell the Only
New Member Who
Is Free.
Furity of Election Law Is Said
to Have Been Vio
lated.
A Sensa'ion in Local Fo itics That
Will Have to Be Probed by
the Grand Jury-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 3. j
Supervisor Mitchell has made a state
ment that he is the on: :y new member of
the board that t;ike-< office to-morrow who
has not forfeited his neht to act as his
judgment may dictate when silting as a
SUPERVISOR MITCHELL, the Only New Member of the Board
Who Refused to Relinquish His Right of Judgment in the
Matter of Assessments.
member of the County Board of Equaliza
tion.
Whatever may be done by tbe Board of
Equalization ior the next two years will
either have to Oe agreeable to the corpora
tions whose property ie affected or it will
k have to co to the cou.ts. In fact, accord
' ing to Mr. Mitchell's statement, the new
Supervisors have already decided that
tbev will stand by Assessor Daiton's ac
tions, whatever they may be.
Assessor Dalton has certainly carried
out his anti-railroad and anti-corporation
policy that he formulated prior to his
c ection two years ago, but bis promise to
reduce taxes of smaller property-holders
. twenty-five per cent has not been carried
out, and if not performed during the
coming two years will materially affect
tne campaign of '98. In view of this. Mr.
Mitchell says an attempt was made by
interested parties to tio up the incoming
Supervisors in Daiton's interest.
"lam tbe only unpledged member of
the Doard," said Mr. Mitchell this morn
ing. "A friend of Assessor Dalton at
tempted to compel me to sign a pledge to
support the Dalton assessments regard
less pf what they were, in order to get the
matter before the courts. I do not be
lieve the courts have any business with
the assessments. The Board of Super
visors, sitting as a board of equalization,
is supreme. I will be lair. I'll not abuse
• tbe Southern pac fie because it is not pop
ular, nor will I allow them any special
privileges.
"I did not sign the pledge and then Dai
ton's friend went to Frank Leach and
even to my friend T. M. Romnson, and
tried to gain me, but ttiey found the job
would not work. This ardent friend of
Dal.'on's is a member of the committee of
twenty-one who will appoint the dele
gates to the n-xt Republican municipal
convention. If I don't know the value of
Jana in Alameda County as well as any
Sui.erior Judge or ordinary jury lam
badly mistaken. The people had confi
dence enough in my business ability to
elect me, and I propose to use the same
judgment in the board that I have in my
own business
"I think Mr. Dalton has made a good
r rticial, but 1 do not feel like subordinat
ing my judgment and the confidence of
/ the people to any one "
4 "This statement of Mr. Mitchell," said
" a. county official to-day, "is one that de
mands investigation. If it can be sub
stantiated it is certainly a violation of the
spirit of the purity of elections law. ana
should be investigated by the Grand Jurj.
To attempt to tie up men who are en
trusted w;th such responsibilities 83 Su
pervisory in the interests ol individuals or
of corporations is a very serious affair. It
ienks as though the railroad people had a
hand in it."
t arnival of Authors.
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 3.— The Carnival
of Authors will be held the last of this
BERKELEY'S TRACK TRAINER.
BERKELEY, C al., Jan. 3.— Al Lean, one of the best known athletic trainers
on the coasi, who was formerly with the Acme Club of Oakland, but who is
now employed as trainer for the Reliance Club, has been secured by Captain
Everett J. Brown to coach the University of California track athletic team in
preparation for the spring intercollegiate meet and the coast championship.
He will commence work with the Berkeley men on March 1.
Lean is i he first professional trainer who has ever been secured to coach
the U. C. track athletes, and much interest centers in the result of his work
with them. The wonderful score which the Stanford sprinters and weight
men ran up against the Berkeley team in the last intercollegiate meet has
caused the latter to become apprehensive lest the Paio Alto athletes should
wrest from them the track and field championship. From a score of 45 by the
Palo Alto learn in 1895 as against 67 by the Berkeley team in the same contest
the former brought up their record to 56 points in 1896, thus tying the U. C.
team. The boast made by some of the Stanford men since the intercollegiate
football game, which proved so disastrous to the U. C. eleven, that Berkeley
will never win another contest of any sort from them, has been rankhnt; in
the breasts of the blue and gold adherents, and there seems to be danger of
something more than mere friendly rivalry when the two universities meet
again. During the spring term four important contests will take place— the
debate for the Carnot medal, the annual intercollegiate debate, the track
championship games and the series of baseball contests. The Stanford men
touch a very lender point in the hearts of the Berkeley students when they
speak of the Thanksgiving game, and but little seems necessary to kindle
the spark of jealousy into a flame of hatred and scorn
In view of the defeat administered by Stanford and the vaunts which have
emanated from them the coming contests are looked forward to with extraor
dinary interest.
month under the auspicesof the Unitarian
Churcu. Mrs. Charles Wendte will have
charge of the Schiller and Goethe booth.
Mrs. Wendte will be Dorothea, Mrs. Hall
Queen May and Dr. MyraKnoi Elizabeth.
Mrs. John Yule will have charge of the
Dickens section and other characters have
not been assigned as yet.
CARE FOR THE MEN.
Well Appointed W siting - Room for
Kmployes of the Alameda
Electric Line.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 3.— The waiting
room recently buiit in the power-house of
the E!ec:nc" Streetcar Company for the
employes has been painted hiside and out.
electric lights, tables and an electric
heater placed within and every con
venience possible is at the disposal of tne
men. A checker-board has been donated
ana many hours of tedious waiting has
been turned into hours of pleasure ana
proiit. Good reading matter is needed
and the men who make rapid transit pos
sible will be well cared for.
Magazines, books, etc., for a library are
being left witJi conductors and raotormen
every day by passengers on the cars.
Military Buys' Doings.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 3.— The first
monthly target practice of Company G
was slimly attended to-day. The men
were not corucell d to shoot, which ac
coun'.s for the small attendance. On
Thursday evening the first monthly busi
ness meeting of the year will be held, at
wnich time it is expected the larger por
tion of the late menioers, who are now
out of the service, will be re-elected to
membership.
One of the first events of tne new year
in the comj any will be a march, in heavy
marching order, to the country, and the
preparation of their meals en route.
Captain S.mpson believes in military drill
not only in the armory but on the field.
He hopes to hare the crack company of
the State by the time the encampment
rolls around.
Annual Rollcall.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 3.— The annual
rollcall of tbe Park-street M. E. Church
will be held in tne church parlors Wednes
day evening. During the week serv ces
will be held every nij.'ht. This morning
Presiding Elder John Kirby preached and
t c pastor, tn Rev. F. D. Bovard, occu
pied tue pulpit to-night The latter's
theme was the "Song of Salvation."
Installation Services.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Jan. 3.— The Rev. M.
Brandes, was :o-day installed pastor of
the Evangelical Lutheran Cburch on
Haight avenue. The services took place
at 3 o'clock and was largely attended. The
Rev. H. Gelucke of San Francisco deliv
ered the charge in German, while the Rev.
John E. Busnwell of Oakland addressed
the congregation. Special music was
rendered by the choir.
TOLD Or HEE WORK.
Brigadier Kmina Bown on Life Among
tbe Wretched.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 3.— Brigadier
Emma Bown, who is at the head of the
rescue work of the Salvation Army in this
country, addressed a large audience this
afternoon at the First Presbyterian
Church.
'.'Like- flowers . stained with mud" was
the' simile she used when speaking of
those among whom she has labored and
by whom she has been beloved for twelve
years.
A large audience, larger in fact than the
hall could accommodate, was gathered to
bear the little brigadier's talk. In plain,
earnest language (-he told the same old
story ol waywardness, , wickedness and
ultimate disgrace, with the necessity
i thereby occasioned of accepting the help
ing hand of her many lieutenants.
"Do not think that all of those who
come to us for help are naturally bad.
Many of them appear in my sight liko
flowers stained with mud. They are chil
dren who in many cases have been the
victims of other people's sins rather than
!of their own. Young girls often of good
families confide to us tales that society
wuuld doubt, but to all our doors are open
as well as our hearts. I doubt not that
even in this city, where I see so many
church spires, there is ample ueea for
such work as ours."
* — ♦ — « . ..
Cuba is divided into six provinces and
c ntains twenty-two cities and towns and
204 villages. The capital i<< Havana, which
has a population of 250,000. The electoral
qualification required is property to the
annual value of about $250.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1897.
THE MAYOR MAY
MAKE NO CHANGE
He Laughs at the Teapot
Tempest Over Police
Judge.
Major Whitney's Superstition
and Business Interests Are
Allied.
Judge Frick R tires From the Bench
After M king an Honorable
R:cord.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 3. j
The time is past when Mayor Davie, ac
cording to precedent, should have an
nounced his choice in the matter of Police
Judge. He has made no chance and there
does not appear to be any desire on his
part to do so. A pre&t deal hes been said
and published about Mayor Davie's inten
tions in regard to the appointee to succeed
Judge Wood, but it appears that the
Mayor himself, who is naturally the per
son who should know most about it, has
been entirely silent and has derived con
siderable amusement from the numerous
plans gratuitously formulated for aim by
others.
When spoken to on the subject recently
Mayor Davie said he was entirely dis
gusted with tbe amount of trouble that
seme people seem to be taking iv a mat
ter which did not concern them. Although
the patronage of the office is small, it is
not so small but that there are scores of
people who would like to have it. A great
deal has nl-o been said about the political
traae by which Car) Wood went into the
District Attorney's office and Tom Craw
ford was appointed Police Court Clerk.
Carl Wood leaves his office to-morrow
and nothing has been said about a suc
cessor to Police Judge Wood and Clerk
Crawford, but there is more than an infer
ence that they will succeed themselves
The whole affair has been oneol Oakland's
characteristic political teapot tempests.
Major Whitney firmly believes that
Judge Greene, who will succeed himself
on the Superior Bench to-morrow, owes
his last two elections to the influence of
one of the major's horseshoes. Yet, al
though the ex-court commissioner has
studied the doctrine of Daibhuisu in
Japan, he declares he is not (superstitious.
His veracity must be judged by his own
story.
"Those two horseshoes, with nails stick
ing up out of them," said the major,
"have played an important part in Ala
meda County politics for six years.
About hall a dozen years ago I was
wanting the worst way the office of
court commissioner. Mv Buccess de
pended on the election of Judze Greene
and Fred Hensbaw. On the day of the
election, as I was coming down to my
office, I saw two large horseshoes on
Broadway; they had evidently just fallen
from some horse s feet, because ail the
nails were sticking up.
••Tnat particular morning I read a slory
of a man who attributed his life's fortune
to the influence of horseshoes, and as soon
as 1 saw those two big shoes in the middle
of the road I said to myself, 'Now, Fred,
there's your luck. One of those shoes is
Greene and the other rienshaw.' I picked
up the shoes, carried them down to my
office, laid them down carefully with the
points up, and sure enough Greene and
Henshaw were elected and I was appointed
Court Commissioner. A year or so later
the janitor in dusting my room had
turned the horseshoes with their nails
down. At that time I was conducting a
suit for heavy damages and I could not
quite understand why things were not
coming my way. I thought of my horse
shoes, rushed to my office and sure enough
they were upside down. I immediately
reversed them, rushed back to court and
the next day the jury brought in a verdict
for $14,000.
"La«t November I did not care to be
Court Commissioner, but for personal rea
sons I wished to see Judge Greene and
Sam Hall ejected, both being good Kepnb-
Means. Their fight did not look as strong
as I wanted to see it. 1 tried to tind the
cruise for it and sure enough my mind re
verted to thoss horseshoes. I ruahed into
my office and discovered that the janitor
bad again, with "remarkable perseverance,
turned the points down. lat once turned
them over and started for home. Every
body I met lad the same gr> etinp, that
everything was going Greene and Hall's
way, and their ultimate election did not
surprise me."
And the major says he is not super
stitious.
Judge Frick, the youngest wearer of the
ermine in the State, will vacate the Su
perior bench to-morrow, io favor of Judge
Hall. Mr. Frick has left behind him, es
pecially when his years are considered,
one of the cleanest records that is to be
found in the history of Alameda County's
bar.
Daring his career several cases in which
well known politicians were concerned
have come under bis judicial cognizance,
and he has handled them all in sncb a
manner as to leave not the slightest taint
of partiality. Judge Frick retires with
Kood grace. He did not run for office and
faii to receive the support of his party.
He did what several other politicians in
this county might imitate witn credit to
themselves: he made a political promise
a few months a :o and be kept it.
When he entered into the fight for the
nomination of Congressman against Mr.
Hilborn he said that if he were not suc
cessful he would not attempt to retain
himself in office by attempting to succeed
himself as Superior Judge. Oat of 14,000
Republican votes cast at that primary
Mr. Hilborn's majority was less than 1000,
showing thai the younger candidate has a
strong political support in this county.
He took his defeat gracefully and in
such a nianuer as to add to his many
friendships, and although he has an
nounced his intention for the present of
devoting himself to ihe practice of law it
will not be long before he is again heard
from in the political field.
For the past few weeks little has been
heard about the scheme taken in hand by
the Board of Trade to acquire for the city
of Oakland some public parks worthy of
the name. The board has in its posses
sion information relating to many of the
most desirable localities available for such
a purpose, and will soon be in a position to
place, before the City Council ior the pur
pose of ultimate submission to the people
a report which will embody many practi
cal iaeas. It will also contain the sug
gestions of a system by which such
parks can be acquired. There is no
tioubt that the slowness which marks the
development of certain outlying districts
is due in a large measure to the failure ot
tlie municipality to provide healthful at
tractions that would draw around them
new communities.
Only in two directions, northward and
westward, can this be done. Much has
been said about the improvement and set
tlement of the property along the loothills
north of this city, and also of the devel
opment of the Moragii Valley and the ter
ritory on either side of the little Caliiornia
and Nevada Railroad. Now t.attue own
ers are making efforts to open up this
territory is the proper time for the people
to acquire a public demesne of which tliey
will be as proud in future years as San
j Francisco is of its Golden Gate Park.
Stuart W. Booth.
THE JOHNSON CASE.
Sharpe and Howard in Jail, Awaiting
the Gill's i>.-iiili.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 3.— Some strange
developments were brought to light to
day in the case of Anna L. Johnson. At
the City Prison her sister, Hukta, Dr.
Sharpe and John Howard await in ceils
her death, which is expected hourly.
It is now known that Howard is the
husband of Hulda Johnson, though the
affair has beeu kept a profound secret and
probably would not be known even now
but lor the course events have taken.
It is generally believed that John How
nrd is not the guilty party, but that he is
keeping quiet on the promise tha. nothing
shall be leit undone to save him. It was
stated to-day that tbe cause of Anna's
trouble was her betrayal by a married
man who is providing the necessary funds
to protect the other party and, incidental
ly, himself. It is not probable, however,
that the trial of tne parties now under
arrest can be conducted without the real
tacts coming to lijrht. This is notthe first
case of its kind with which the name of
Dr. Sharpe has been mentioned. There
are many other incidents connected with
the unhappy affair which are in the pos
session ot the detectives.
EOBBED THE ALTAS.
Father Serda's Church Broken Into
Saturday Might.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 3.— Father Ser
da's curch at Temescal was broken into
last night. The burglars entered the
church by a window in the rear and
opened the tabernacle with a skeleton
key. They took therefrom the commu
nion plate, consisting of a chalice and pat
tens and also a little sale in which was a
small sum of money. After leaving the
church the thieves took the little safe,
rolled up in a mat, to Forty-sixth and
Lusk streets and there blew it open. They
left the safe on the corner and made off
with the contents.
The church whs recently presented with
a valuable gold communion service, but
Father Serda look the precaution to have
it kept in the clergy house. It was evi
dently this service that the robbers were
after. About six years ago the church
was entered and robbed in much the same
manner as to-aay.
A Librarian in Trouble.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. a— The police
were called in early this morning to sup
press a row in the Wilson House. The
trouble originated with Henry Peterson
and his wife, and Officer (Jarson reported
to Captain Wilson that liquor was the
cause of the trouble. Peterson is the libra
rian of the free Library.
A Nicotine Story.
In a book of travels written by a Mr.
Barrow we find this interesting bit ot in
formation: A Hottentot was seen to ap
ply the short end of his wooden tobacco
pipe to the mouth of snake when the rep
tile was darting out its tongue. Death
was instantaneons, the effect almost like
an electric shock ; with a convulsive mo
tion that lasted only for a moment the
snake half untwisted itself and then be
came still. And upon examination the
niuscies were found to be so contracted
that the snake felt an hard as if it had
been dried in the sun. — Harper's Round
Table.
NIKOLAOS THEODORIANITIS.
BERKELEY. Cal., Jan. 3.— Tbeodorianitis, the a?ed GreeK whose won
drous exploits as a sprinter were told in a recent issue of The Call, is a
budding candidate for honors before the footlights. He is soon to go on the
stage in the role of a ballet dancer and high Kicker. His varied experiences
as a long-distance walker, his success as a pacer aeainst time, and his desire
to win further fame for himself before he "shuffles off this mortal coil," as he
says in his own tongue, have convinced him that the stage is his forte. He de
clares that he can dance for an hour and a haif without an intermission. A
well-known merchant in BerKeley has interested himself in Theodorianitis
and will defray the expense of giving him a thorough course in all the latest
dances in which men ordinarily engage.
Theodorianitis, who is now nearly 77 years of age, frequently takes re
markably long walks, and declares be can outdo William Greer Harrison in a
sprint to S.tn Jose. One day last week the old man started out from Vallejo
for Sacramento on foot, expecting to reach there by the next morning. In bis
preparation for the jaunt be left all his spare coin behind him, fearing that he
rniiht be held up on the way. Never baring been to the capital, he knew
nothing of the arm of the bay which must be crossed at Port Costa, nor of the
fare charged on the ferry. When be reached the pier he was confronted by
the ticket agent, who demanded his fare. A lively scene followed. Theo
dorianitis was determined to go aboard. Not being able to speak English, he
was at a loss to know why he was prevented from going 011 hi 3 way. Finally
he came to a knowledge of the facts, and at once started back for Vallejo. A
rainstorm arose and drenched the old man from head 10 foot, but he trudged
on and finally reached Mb starting point, mud- begrimed, cold and shivering.
A VARSITY TEAM
TO BE SENT EAST
Funds to Be Raised by
the Pacific Amateur
Association.
The Winning University to Get
Proceeds of a Great Meet
in April.
Multnomafc, Olympic, Reliance, Stock*
ton and Otber Athletes Also
to Compete
Track and field athletics are to be
boomed this spring, and tbe winning uni
versity team is to be sent East, partly at
the expense of tbs Pacific Association of
the Amateur Athletic Union.
A great, coast championship field day,
to be held in this City some time in April,
will be tbe means of arousing unusual in
terest in true amateur outdoor sports and
at the same time of raising funds for the
Eastern tour.
The Multnomah Athletic Club of Port
land, which is practically an aggregation
of all the best talent of the Northwest As
sociation, will be invited to participate in
tbe contests. The northern men never have
competed down Here, but their perform
ances are well enough known to entitle
them to particular consideration by the
Dest local cracks.*
It is not likely that they will neglect the
opportunity to demonstrate their ability.
Berkeley, Stanford, Olympic, Reliance,
the Stockton Athletic Cub, the Academic
League and other organizations that have
sprinters, runners, junipers, weight
throwers and vaulteis, will be encouraged
to enter their best men and as many of
them as possible, for points will count for
first, second and third places in every
contest.
The idea of this field day with its ulti
mate purpose is th© conception of several
members of the board of managers of the
Pacific Association and W. F. Humphrey,
president of the association. They wish
to give greater encouragement to amateur
games and at tbe same time arouse the
interest that shall result in the develop
ment of y.Mine California athletes to their
best possibilities.
They believe that the material is here
and has only to be found out and devel
oped for this State to assume and maintain
a high and recognized rank for her fine
young athletes, a rank that shall be es
tablished not here alone oy records which
tbe doubting East has long persisted in
questioning, but by performances in the
East in cdrupptition with the crack
athletes of big Western colleges and ama
teur clubs.
One of the new features of the coming
held day will be the introduction of discus
throwing as a regular event now recog
nized in amateur track and field sports in
Ameiica since the revival at Athens last
year of the old Olympic games.
The latest reports of the Amateur Ath
letic Union describe accurately the weight,
size and composition of the discus, so that
clubs of the union and individuals wish
ing to train privately for the event may
have a di-cus made. It is likely, how
ever, that sporting-goods stores will sup
ply the demand, as the dinner- r> ate like
metal disk is being made in the East pur
posely for the new event.
For the last few years California weight
throwers have practically outclassed the
great majority of the weight-throwers in
the Eastern colleges.
It is believed that when discus-throw
ing shall have been practiced by the
young athletes of this coast the records
In this particular event of the athletes of
ancient Greece will not appear beyond the
abilities of the youth of California.
Princeton University, with an athletic
team inferior Ik> that of several other ani
versities of America, competed in the in
ternational games at Athens last year and
not only took first rank among the teams
entered, but in many cases the American
boys beat the best Grecian athletes in
events that were strictly Gr cian.
Definite preparations for the athletic
season will be determined upon by the
board of managers of the Pacific Associa
tion at its meeting next Friday evening.
, A particular feature of the plan is to en.
Auction Salee
r > r:.r . ■ . !.■-■-; ■ . ' - ■ ■ I -- . L — -■ -■- * i .-, . - *
MILLINERY, "SOVELTIES/' 11LLIIERT.
THIS DAY. MONDAY,
The 4th day of January, 18»7, at 2 P. M.,
At 1057 >I«irke; Street, Opposite Jones,
We will sell the magnificent stock of goois re-
moved from the Surorise Jllllinery Sr>re, consist-
inc of most Kl>g;i:itiy I rimmed Huts in ihe latest
fashions. Jets, feathers. Flowrs, Velvets and Or-
na i.en'.s of all Kinds. This Is undoubtedly a mag-
nificent 81OCK a ill all of tbe latest styles.
IN DIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
AICTION SALE!
5 4 First Street,
TO-DAY, JANUARY 4. 10 A. 31.,
HOTEL 4O ROOMS.
Dlning-Room and Range. Also at commence-
ment of sale, inclaimed Baggage— 2o 1 runks and
40 satchels. Dealers, take notice.
L. H. BIRD, Auctioneer.
list the newspapers and particularly all
thoqe of this City, in the enterprise to the
end that the public may belter undr>r>tand
the ability of tlie athletes of California,
and take a deeper interest in seeme the
State hold its own against the combined
East.
The field day will be neld either at Cen
tral Park or at the Presidio athletic
grounds', probably one weeK preceding
the annual intercollegiate games. The
Stanford manager, like the Berkeley man
ager, is heartily in accord with the propo
sition of the field day. for both universi
ties wish to send a team East, and neither
has more than about half the $3000
thought to be necessary for the expenses
of the lour.
Stanford's manager, the well - known
mile runner, Dave Brown, while himself
debarred from further competition against
Berkeley becausb of the four-year inter
collegiate agreement, seems confident
that his team, with iis lonj? list of lresh
men athletes added to the material
among the old men, will have a walkover
in a contest for the honor of representing
California in the East. But there are
others at Berkeley who are saying noth
ing but are sawing wood.
HOW HE RAISED THE $150
Bishop Newman Does a Good
Stroke lor the Epworth
Church.
The Eloquent Divine Preaches on His
Wanderings Around the Holy
City of Jerusalem.
Bishop Newman conducted services yes
terday morning at the Epworth Methodist
Episcopal Church, corner of Twenty-sixth
and Church streets.
At tbe close of bis address, which was
"Memories of Jerusalem," the Bishop got
down to what he designated the real busi
ness of tbe occasion, and informed the
congregation that the Epworth church
was starling in the new year with an in
debtedness of $150. It was only a small
sum and many reputable commercial
firms were less clear than that, but a
church should lead in business as well as
in righteousness, and the debt had to be
paid. They would sing "Dismiss us with
thy blessing" when the collections reached
t:»e necessary high-water mark.
On the first round of the collectors over
$100 was donated, though the congrega
tion was not large. A second trial gath
ered in $7 50, and the Bishop sent the
gleaners forth again, with the in iunction
that it would be deplorable if any money
escaped them, and, also, that any person
should leave the church without an oppor
tunity to give.
"We'll sing the doxology when that $150
is raised," said the Bishop. "Give the
people time to think; it takes more time
to think about giving than about receiv
ing."
These humorous exhortations had the
desired effect, and the members of the
church responded till the debt was cleared
away.
Bishop Newman's account of his wan
derings around the Holy City were most
interesting, and he brought vividly home
to his audience tbe scenes pertaining to
the li c of Jesus.
"1 was in Jerusalem on Palm Sunday,
and went out of the city by way of
Stephen's Gate treading in the footsteps of
the Savior. We crossed the brook Kedron
by a stone bridge that was tiiere lSOOye^rs
ago and will remain forever doubtless. We
passed over the brow of the Mount of
Olives and made our way down in to lowly
Bethany. The Arabs call it 'Lazarie.'
Christ never slept in Jerusalem, but re
paired to Bethany to find rest with bis
three friends, Lazarus and the sisters.
When we returned we fancied we could
hear the 'hosannahs' of the people as the
Son of Man passed into the City of David.
"The last place I visited during my
stay in Palestine was the Garden of Getli
sernane. I was reluctant to intrude upon
the place where the Savior suffered that
night of anguish. We rapped at the
small iron eate that gives admittance
into the garden, which was opened by a
Franciscan monk, one of the custodians
of the place. He left us to our medita
tions, and there under thosa historical
palms we threw ourselves down, Mrs.
Newman and I, on our faces and prayed
for the church of him who prayed for his
peopln there so long ago.
"Even in her ruins lives Jerusalem, not
as she was when in the highway of
nations, but in the sacred associations
that are hers forever. The stranger's
mind while there is constantly reverting
to the past. The city has passed through
twenty-seven sieges and its walls have
been rebuilt eleven times. Down under
the pavements of the present svreets are
the old buried cities of Jerusalem, and
the archaeologist digging below the city of
to-day finds tb^e of the yesterdays."
GAMBLING IN EUEOPE.
Baccarat at the Clubs and Petits Che-
vaux in Public.
In Europe, except at Monte Carlo, tab c
Rambling, such as roulette and rouge et
noir, has long ago disappeared. Of
course, baccarat, which is to the European
gambler what draw poker is to the Ameri
can, is played in the clubs and other se
cluded places, often for very high stakes.
But the laws are everywhere rigid against
public gambling, and so the Casino people
have to resort to other agencies for amus
ing the stranger and lightening his purse,
Peiits chevaux consists of a mechanical
racecourse arranged to run by electricity.
Nine horses are placed. Nine folded
numbers are put in an oval cushion passed
around at the end of a long handle among
the players. Each player takes one of
these folded numbers corresponding to
one of the tin horses, which are likewise
numbered from one to nine. The price
varies from Ito 2 francs. All the tickets
disposed oi, a spring is touc.-.ed and off go
the horses, dashing round and round the
IIS&ilR MANHOOD RESTOREOS—
T7 '<^VK WH9 •*»? fi» ' tioa 01 B »*nious French physician, will qufckly cure you of all ner.
\\\ r\) \'i\ - ■: ■-' . V\— vous or diseases of the generative organ*, such as l«st Manhood,
■^i ££fU -;\* • *ddUJ -- Insomnia, rain 3 in the Buck, Seminal Emissions, Nervons Debility
I ff^L \ SEvW Pimples, Unfitncss to Marry, Kxhanstini; Drains, Varlcooele nud
<'--.\^ -.'Jr. •• V *"/ ; Constipation. It stops all losse.s by day or night Prevents quick. \
:-.:, »7si<* •■■ -T^O^*/. D€sBof discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
arroß( inninTß all the horrors of Impotency. <"U**ll>E3iE cleanses the liver, Uli
Bttunt «MD MM tK ; kidneys and the urinary organs of »11 imparities, .
• CTPI^ESE strengthens and restores small weak organs. - '>
■'- ■:: The reason sufferer; are not cored by Doctors fs because ninety per c°"t are troubled witti
Prostatf t i«. CUPIDKNG is the only kno«»n remedr to enre without un op« ration. 5000 testimony
His."- A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent
fWoabox,«lxior}s.oo,bymaU.*'BendforirKii:Ecircularan d testimonials. . .
* : ▲ddreM I>AVOJU MiIUICIMi CO., 1170 Market staeet. Francisco, < al. Forsa'eb/
, ,; . vr . . \~--.:;-: .- - ' -: r.UROOKS' PHARMACY, ll» l'owell 3tre«fc
BASCH IBCHOI COIPASI Inc.,
319-3^l itTTKB STREET,
Bet. Grant Aye. and 3:ogk-;i>n St.* Tele. Grant 87.
Grand Auction Male — Preliminary Sotice.
_ I Wil.l, SELL TO-MOKUOW,
January 5. 1897. at. lv:30 o'clook a. v . by order of
Mrs. strausa, prior to i.er departure for llono ulu.
.All thuKlegnntand Slogs Costly I'ur-
nislungs. removed to our salesrooms for
co * venience ofMiile. • •,■•*• ■ • -,
, **" Ni>TK— Intendinc purchasers may Inspect
these croods Monday. January 4,: 18 .t7, between
the hours of Ba.h and 6 p. m . a so 1 i- leganc
Brunswick Balke a tony-inlaid Billiard Table, with
Ivor. -tipped cues »nd bails ccmpleie: cost $c6O.
Also 1 Estey Orgarj and 1 Upright Piano. See par-
ticu ars in Tuesday's paper. ■ •
r S. BASCH. Auctioneer.
. SPECIAL SALE.
WEDNESDAY, January 6 at 11 o'clock, at
OIUMJABOADE HOMK M.\ RKBT. 327 Sixth
street San Francisco, of 16 head A No. 1 worlc
horses used in mi k wagons; 15 A No. 1 secon? 1 .
hand 3-cau milk wagon*: 3 A No. 1 milk wagons,
new, urderea .and never used; 9 sets single and
dono:e harness; 6 open and top buggies: milic
cans, coolers, etc. Sale positive. Noreserve. No
limit.-' - j. w. CKANE, Receiver.
J-.LIVAX lUiYLK. Llvt-s oclc Auc loneers.
track at breakneck speed, but separating
as they go. When tht momentum is ex
hausted one horse is found to be in t:.e
lead. He who holds the number corre
sponding to this horse gets the pool, less
two portions held back for ths bank. To
vary this scheme of open and flagrant
robbery, boats are sometimes substituted
for horses, and a yacht race takes tbe
place of a horse race. Thus a man is
given the option of losing his money on
water equally with thac of losing it on
land. Such a game could never have ex
isted in America. It is too simply, ob
viously and absurdly aeainst the player.
But at last tt»e fat-witted European,
along with trie gullibie stranger, has got
onto it, as the saying is, and les petita
chevaux and autour dv lac no longer suf
fice to lure the unwary. But even in Eu
rope there is a certain progress. So the
Casino people have added to their old
racecourse "layout" an appendage or an
nex which locks very much like gambling.
This is on either side of the machine or
table, on which in bright gold figures ap
pear the numerals to correspond with the
horses. You bet on one of these num
bers. There are nine of them. If
you win you get 5 to 1. If you bet
on three in a buncli you pet even
money. In order to show, however,
that this is not gambling, there is a
liiui — from 1 to 5 francs, according to the
wealth and size of the casino or kursaal.
I am told that at the more ambitious of
these and late at night, when the hetero
geneous crowd has gone, there is a good
deal of very steep rolling. But as I never
sit up late at night I can give no direct
testimony on this point.
It will be seen at once that the sole
merit of this method of pretending not to
gamble lies in the bold, transparent rob
bery which it embodies. It 13 worse than
a mock auction or a church raffle. If I
wanted to teach a child to be a sport and
to plant In its youneand tender bosom ths
thoroughbred's love of gambling, 1 would
bring him here and stake him. — Letter
from Mr. Watterson in the Louisville
Courier-Journal.
» . ♦ — •-
While cutting timber at Bethlehem, N.
H., a man fell through a hole in the ground
and found himself in a cave where thpra
were household articles of all sorts, cook
ing utensils, a gun and a burglar's jimmy.
It evidently had been occupied not lo>>g
before, and the authorities were called
upon to start an investigation.
T.HE
WEEK.LV
GHLL
o( It Publishes the Cream of the
oc News of the Week and
<=>< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<=< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
®< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
oi PAPER ON THE '
cJ PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican , but Al way*
J Fair and Impartial in Its
,3 Rendering of the Po-
,_J litical News.
o
cJ It's the Paper to Send East If
cJ You Want to Advertise
o, ' California.
3 — t\ ~~ / —
°\ The Best \ /Mining
oc Telegraphic \/ News That
©/ Service on /N. Is Accurate
-J The Coast / \& up to data
3 /
°( Not a Line of it Sensational
°\ ; or Faky, and Not a Line of .
°\ it , Dry or Uninteresting.
®J' A PAPER FOR THE COtNTRY FIRESIDL
r^) : ■?.-. I Bright, Clean, A Champion of
OC-v"' Thoughtful. Truth,
cJ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
Jj ; ALL THE
°1 IT ADVOCATES • SENT BY
G< HOME MAIL, $1.30
fj INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
o{ THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
/^\- Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
il*H©*?il **2«» KEABKY ST. Established
,Sjf c JPvfrafcin I»«iS'4forthetre!itinentof Private
, : §Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>i 2."» KEABKT XT. Established
in 153.4 for the treatment of Private
PtoCHf a, Lost Manhood. Debility or
' *Ht«HkJS«B di.sfusc wearingon bodyaod mind and
! *ÜBKBiwi Skin Diseases. T l'hedoctorcureswhen
;MIHBBHBCT otbersfail. Try him. ■ Charges low.
rrKMlmgitl i nnniiiii iil Callorwrite.
Dr. »', «>fßßUN.BaKl»S7.SanFraßdaca
1112
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Prospects Much Brighter
Than They Were Twelve
Months Ago.
Confidence Is Better Restored and
There Is a General Desire
to Do Something.
The Present Year Will Probably Bring
Forth a Steady Market on a R cog
nized Value Basis.
The first week of a new year always partakes
of a holiday character in business circles and
the present one Is no exceptron to the rule.
At the same time prospects all round are much
brighier than they were twelve months ago.
Confidence is better restored and there is
general desire to do something in almost all
directions and avenues oi trade.
Iv the real estate line the opinion is nearly
unanimous that much greater movement may
be expected. There has been some overhaul
ing of values, but no serious decline has oc
curred anywhere, while in some spots values
have not only well held their own but
actually scored a trifling advance over the
rifeures obtainable during the financial flurry
period of 1890.
Still, the idea seems, to be to go slow and
sure. Money is plentiful, it is true, but in-
Fluctuations of the Real Estate Market From 1866 to 1896. Compiled From Figures Presented by
Thomas Magee & Sons.
The Vertical Spaces Represent Differences of $4,000,000. The Maximum for Any One Year Is Over
$36,000,000 and the Minimum Under $n,000,000.
vestors want full equivalent, so that it is
hardly possible for anything in the shape of
irflated quotations to develop in real estate
transactions. A steady market on a recog
nized value basis is best ior all concerned,
and it looks very much as if tbii would be the
bituation during the year just entered.
THE BVSINESS OF THIRTY YEARS.
The following table from the Real Estate
Circular, published by Thomas Magee & Sons,
Rives the total business for each year from
1806 to January 1, 1897:
1866 813,668,638 1882 f 15,127.750
1867 17,640.367 188 i 15,876.408
1868 - 27.217.0-6 ISB4 13,374,1!07
1869 29.937.717 13,134,354
1870.: 15,030.272 1886. 15.119,760
1871......... 12.717.792 i 20.745.059
1872 13,127. 188 24.748 497
J873.... 12.3H3.752 1889 33.768/*69
1874 23.893.903 1890..-. 3*545,887
1875 .'. 35.889.H74 I*9l 27,431.135
1876. 24,058 6«e> 189'^ 2 1.518,955
877 18,549.991 1893......... 13.62 ,492
1878 14..8-.9i'6 1894 14.227.050
J879 10.318.744 189> 15,947,361
1881) 994.989 1896 11,545,331
1881 12233,933 |
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
The weekly review shows seventy deeds
placed on record.
There were fi;ty-six mortgages mode during
the same time, amounting to $363,057. They
Include the following: By the Mntufcl Sav
ings Bank to Archbishop Riordan, $27,000 tor
two years at 7 per cent on property (St. Brig
id'i Church ana school 6ite) on the southwest
corner of Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
west 260:6, south 137:6, «a«t 13:3, north
4:3%. east 247:3, north 133:2VsT; by the Hi
berma Bank to Celia Hagard, $6000 for one
year at 6'i' per cent, on the north line of Sut
ter, 103:1/!. west of Buchanan, west 34:4% by
north 137:6; by the same to R. H. Plummer,
$11,600 tor one year at 6K per cent, on the
southeast line of Market, "105:2% fonthwest
of Nue, south 113:4W, west 25, south 25, west
25, south 100, west 00, north 152:10%, north
east 131:6; by the same to uannau Crone,
$5000 for one year at 6% p«*r oent, on the
northwest line of Mission, 350 southwest of
Sixth, southwest 50 by northwest 85; by the
same to Mme*. Gustavus, Nathan and Esther
Kosencrnnz, $13,500 for one year at 0 1 / i per
cunt and $2500 on installments, on properly
on the northwest liae 01 Mxih, 75 nonhwesi
of Bryant, northwest 75 by northeast 160; by
the Humhnidt Bank to Hannah and Morris
Korn $7800 for one year at 7 per cent,
on property on the south line of
Page street, 125 west of Webster, west
25 by Kouth 137:6, and in Western Addition
b.ock 285, on the south line of Grove, 169 east
of Webster, east 25 by south 120; by the Hum
boldt Bank to Clinton and Sarah W. Jones,
$21,000 for one year at 7 percent, on the
southwest corner of California and Octnvia,
south 69:9 by west 137:6; bj the Hibernia
Bank to Kiizu Jan« Siarr and ns trustee of the
estate of Lewis M. Starr, $108,000 for o;ie year
at 6% per cent on property on the southeast
line ot Market, 225 northeast of Fourth,
northeast 50 by southeast 100, and on the
norttenst corner of O'Farrell and Taylor,
north 62 :6 by west 87 :6.
Ihe releases were twenty-six in number and
aggregated $108,875. Among them were the
following: Fr-in the oerman Bank to Mary
J. Lemman, $65,000. on property in 100-vnra
block 393, on the southeast line of Market
street. 300 feet northeast of Seventh, north
i-flst 50 by southeast 90; from the same to
Eudcinio Menesini, $12,000, on property in
50-vara block 109, on the uorhwest corner of
Broadway and Dupont street, west 47:7, north
48:6, east 42:5, southeast 8:0' 2, south 42:3%.
NEWS ITEM?.
A portion of the B. D. Murphy property in
the Santa Clara Valley, consisting of 253 acres
of the Rancho Pastorta de las Borregas, has
been placed on the market for sale in small
subdivisions. Crossman <fc Orvli of San Jose
Will «ct as agents for the sale of the land.
During the past week the following were
electea officers of the Sanchez-street Improve
ment Club: P. F. Lynch, president; Charles
Linipe, secretary; delegates to the Association
of improvement Clubs— P. F. Lynch, Joseph
Sheerer, John Moore, Charles L«mpe and T. F
Magerty. There has been a petition Defore trie
Board of Supervisor- mr over a year asking
that Sanchez street, between Nineteenth and
Twentieth, be graded to the official line, and
the newly elected officers of the Sanchez-street
Improvement Club propose to urge upon the
incoming board the necessity of acting upon
t lie petition.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. intend to open a branch
office at SiocKiou in order to better hand.c
th.' Weoer estate 01 that city.
An auction .«alc *rl 1 be hc-ld by the game
firm on Monday the 25ih. The offerings will
include seven pieces of property ou account of
the Public Adinin^rator, lots on Washington
sirett on behalf of Wells, Fargo <t Co.'s Bank,
four pieces at referee's sale, five or six pieces
by order of individual owners and a miscel
laneous lis;.
The Mif-sinn Flve-miie Improvement Club
will meet this evening at Laguri Hall, Mission
street »md Chiua avenue.
The meeting nas been called lor the purpose
of eltcting officers for the coming year. Many
improvements lor the advancement oi the in
terests of ihe homesteads which form the dis
trict covered by the club will be discussed at
the meeting this evening. Some of ihe con
tempiatoi.t improvements are the extension
oi the Pound limits, the improvement of the
Islals Creek bridge at the intersection of the
creek and Mission street and the better light
ing of the southwestern Mission district.
There is at present some talk of presenting a
bill at the next Legislature to enat>ie cities
and counties having pueblo lands not now or
hereafter to be dedicated to public use to sell
the same at public auction to the nighest bid
ders, this leci-lation to enable this City and
I County todisoose of some of the lots and lands
formeily embraced on Mission Creek and
Channel street, between Ninth and Eigh
teenth.
The Merchants' Association has up to the
present time ordere.l 207 electric lights
placed In various parts oi the City.
Within the next few weeks many more
streets will no doubt fall in line in adopting
the up-to-date system cf street lighting, mak
ing San Francisco one of the best-lighted cities
in the country.
The following streets at present have the
new lights: Powell stree', from Eddy to
Kllis ; Kearny, from Geary to Pacific; Fourth,
from Market to Folsom; Montgomery avenue,
from Washington to Union; Stockton, from
Pacific to Uuiou ; Geary, from Kearny to Grant
avenue; Post, from Kearny to Grant avenue;
Bush, from Ki*arny to Grant avenue; Polk,
from Suiter to Vallejo; Fillmcre, from Sutler
to Washington; California, from Steiner to
Killmore: Ninth, from Market to Howard;
Sixteenth, from Valencia to Folsom; Taylor,
from Golden Gate avenue to Eddy; Post, trom
Taylor to Junes; Sixth, from Market to Harri
son ; Larkin, from McAllister to Sutter; Pacific,
from Leavenworth to Hyde; Mission, from
Fifteenth to Seventeenth.
A. M. Speck & »'o. arc increasing the size of
their effices in the Crocker building. The
firm reports a large house-rentiug business 1
for last month.
SETTLEMENTS OF COUNTRY LANDS.
Statistics show that nearly seven-twelfths of
the increase of population to the United States
during the past ten years have congregated in
the cities, and this tendency to flock to the
city has been increasing for many decades.
The ratio of inequality is increasing with
! such a degree of rapidity as to be alarming.
i It is estimated that while the population of
this country has increasedjtwelve-told since
the year 1800. the inhabitants of the cities in
creased ninety-fold. This problem is perhaps
more perplexing in California than elsewhere,
as more than 50 per cent of this State reside in
the cities.
It is claimed that this extensive proportion
of the population of the city indicates an ex
cess of non-producers. The fact that the in
equality Is becoming cfenter all the time
i shows the necessity of usiug every lpgitimnte
means of settling up the available tanning
lands of the State.
For this reason, if for no other, the effortsof
those land companies which are inducing ini
umraiion from" among the farming classes of
other States to come among us and help us de-
velop the manifold resources of our country
lands by maintaining Eastern office.- ami dis
tributing literature wi:h regard to this State
are deserving of consideration at this time.
Spencer C. Buckbee of Shainwalct, Buckbee
& Co., which firm i< about to open up some
extensive tracts in California for colonization
purposes, has the following to say in a recent
interview on the subject of colonization:
"Under proper management the successful
colonization of the large holdings of desirable
Caiiioruia lands can be carried out. But it
must be done through a different medium
than that generally engaged in at 'he present
time. In tne first place we must offer to those
who really want a nome in California that is
. attractive, self-sustaining and profitable, lands
I on which such a home can btj made. This
means that we must offer them our hest lands.
"If we do this there wil! be few disappoint
ments, for thera are but few places in the
world where the hotnemaker can cet such a
reward of fruit, flowers aid vegetables for his
labor as in California. Then again, if we suc
ceed in this great movement we must take a
friendly interest in those who come among us
to make their homes, and see that they have
the benefit of our experience, at least. This
will c: able them to get the best results of their
efforts by having all their development work
done in the proper time and proper manner.
In short, we should be just as anxious to see
! our colonists succeed as to sell them our
i lands."
AURORA AND 70 BELOW ZERO
During Winter in the Yukon the Day
Is Only Four Hours Long.
Daring the winter months the aurora on
the Yukon is very brilliant and intensely
beautiful. It commences early in the fall,
and lasts, with more or le,ss brilliancy,
throughout the long arctic winter. It
generally begins upon the setting of the
sun, although in midwinter it has some-
I times been so bright that it was v s.ble at
noon while the sun was shining brightly.
The rays of the light first shoot forth with
a quick, quivering motion, are then gath
ered, and form a great arch of fire spanning
the heavens, it glows for an instant like
! a girdle of burnished gold, then, unfold
; ing, great curtains of light drop forth,
i says the Alaska News.
These royal mantles of bright orange,
green, pink, rose, yellow and crimson are
' suspended ana waved between heaven
and earth as with an invisible hand. The
rapid gyrations and scintillations of light
and blending colors are intensely bewil
dering and superbly beautiful. The wbole
phenomenon of waving wreaths, flickering
dames, rays, curtains, fringes, bands and
flashing colors, the strange confusion of
light and motion, now hign in tne heav
ens, t! en dropping like curtains of gold
and silver lace, sparkling with a wealth of
rubies, sapphires, emeralds and dia
monds, penetrating dark gulchesand dart
ing through somber green forests, lighting
the wnolft landscape as with a thousand
electric lamps, forms a picture of which
words can convey but a very poor idea.
This un warming ligh, as'i! flashes along
the frozen river, the great banks of snow,
and reveals the huge mountains of glist
ening ice and black lines of fir, indeed is
of the purest arctic cast, and causes one
to button his coat closer over his chest,
and with a shiver he isglad to seek a light
of less brilliancy, but one of life-giving
warmth.
At the breaking up of winter the hours
of mnshine are rapidly increasing, and
continue so until midsummer, when the
sun beams forth twenty-two hours out of
the twenty-four, while on the high
mountain peaks it is lor a period of several
days in June not entirely out of sight
during the twenty-four honrp. During the
months of July and August tne weather
becomes very warm and even hot, and
miners are, glad to seek a shady retreat in
which to do their labor.
After this period the hours of sunshine
gradually decrease, until, during the
shortest days, the sun shines but four
hours out of the twenty-four; but at this
period the aurora is very intense, and
helps very material!}' in driving darkness
from that dreary land. The thermometer
registers 70 degrees belov zero in winter,
but the atmosphere is very dry, and con
sequently tne cold is not so arrceptible as
one would imagine. ™
A benevolent man at Charles City,
lowa, has established a "home" for
tramps, where they may rest and eat.
Hucu a home will please them. They have
no wood to chop, no stock to feed and no
one to support.
An unmarried woman has made a repu
tation in Gage County, Nebr., as a corn
husfcer, doing seventy -tiye bushels a, day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1897.
A NEW PROPHET
ON RELIGION
A Cult Here Predicts the
Early Downfall of the
Ottoman Empire.
J. T. Simcoe P^ses as a Prophet
and Quotes Scripture as
Authority.
The Devotees Meet Every Week and
Revel in Biblical Interpre
tations.
A strange pamphlet has just been issued
by J. T. Simcoe bearing the title
"Shekinah," or "The Story of the God of
Israel," which has the additional assur
ance in the title that "facts are mathe
matically foretold."
From a study of Scripture and a series of
rules and reasons tbe author predicts the
overthrowing of the Ottoman empire on
March 20, 1597. Friends of this society
meet every Tuesday night and discuss the
various evidences of the dissolution.
The pamphlet contains many quota
tion from Scripture and begins with the
following startling sentence:
By measure hath he measured the times and
byjnumber hath he numbered the times, and
he doth not move nor stir them until the said
measure be fulfilled. II Esdras iv:37.
The following is one of the striking par
agraphs of the odd prociuc:i«n and it con
veys a fair idea of the entire context:
The Sultan of Constantinople and the Pope j
of Rome «re in an equally lamentable condi
tion and their circumstances ere parallel.
While the Pope has been compelled to accept
the position of a subject's stool, after having
had the chair of royalty snatched from under
him by the King of Italy, and thus left to be
wail a lost kingdom and departed glory, he
can now comfort himself on me principle that
misery loves company— with the reflection
that the Sultan of Turkey occupies a throne
which he must soon vacate. These two repre
sentatives of powers, the l<;gs of Daniel's im
age, and the beast ana false prophet of the
Revelation must soon crumble and full to rise
no more forever. In scanning the newspapers,
we find the times are pregnant with events of
dire significance. Many of the leaders in the
nations of the Old World are 6n the verge of
the grave. Queen Victoria is not young, the
Czar of Rus«ia sleeps ou dynamite, France is
fevermh and awaits a crisis, Spain and Italy
are in war, Turkey is still committing out
rages on the poor Armenians and Is the Bick
men of Kuroj.e. The whole world is in a con
dition which is favorab'e at any moment to an
entire change and a universal war. A single
night might alter the destiny of the nations.
The author, after discoursing at some
length on probabilities and possibilities,
says:
Statesmen, politicians, scientists, socialists
and all classes of pien are anxious 10 know
the future, and are using all their rowers to
peneirate it. From tneir human standpoint
they take observations, form their conclu
sions, and produce their arguments concern
ing the events of the future, and attempt to
show what will be. But they do not all ar
rive at the same conclusions, some takine into
consideration ths nations of the Oid World,
find their conditions, and seeing the war
cloud which is gathering over them, tell us
that sooner or later they will become in
volved in a general conflict. Some one, per
haps England or Russia, will triumph over
all other nations, and establish an empire
that wM control tne world.
Now, concerning these theories, we say. one
man's opinion is as good as another's, pro
vided both have the same degree of Intelli
gence. But with all man's ability and powers
of reasoning no one is able ol himself '.o fore
cast the future and tell what will occur.
Now, while men are unable to penetrate the
! dartness of the future, Gud has lighted it up
beiore by his prophetic word. Prophecy is
i the only light which sends its rays into the
darkness, and that light shines for us, as Peter
declares: "We have a more sure word of
prophecy, whereunto ye do well that ye take
heed, as unto a light that shineth In "a dark
Dlace, until the diiy dawn, and the daystar
arise in your hearts."
The peculiar interpretations of Scripture
put forth by Professor Simcoe aro be
lieved in by many enthusiastic followers,
who discuss the problems at their weekly
meetings. The book which they follow i's«
fille I with many problems, classified as
semi-religious and mathematical. The
fol owing is an example:
Sixth problem— 2ss9 : 3763.3 :: 4074 : 6000
2549. The capture of Jerusalem and Pales
tine irom the seventh Canaan nations, and
dividing the land by lot to tne twelve tribes of
the Children of Irruel by Joshua, is to 3768 3
the capture of Jerusalem and Palestine h* Al
exander the Gre't, the first King of Greece
representing the belly and thighs of brass of
Daniel's image, and dividing Jerusalem and
Pak'stne among his people-
As 4074, the legs of iron and feet part of iron
and tart of clay, that part of Daniel's image
which should be the fourth kingdom that
thou-rt rule the whole tarth, which all know
was Rome pan an »nd Rome Papal, so at this
I date the Roman Government captured Jerusa-
I lem from the Grecian Government, is to 6000
[ that part of the vision which represents a
stone cut out without handq and smote the
I image on his legs and ieet that were of iron
and clay and Lrako them to pieces.
Therefore the capture of Jerusalem by Joshua
is to ihe Ciipture of Jerusalem by Alexander
as the capture of Jerusalem by the Romans is
to the capture of Jerusalem by Joshua's people
Israel, or the Stone Government thnt fills the
whole earth, the kingdom over which our
blessed Christ will be King when we, the
Christians, are all immortalized.
The work is full of queer problems of the
character indicated by the excerpts given,
and the devotees of the cult have implicit
faith in the accuracy of what their leader
says.
The Location of Eden.
The ancients were as much at variance
as the moderns as to the location of the
Garden of Eden. St. Jerome records v
Hebrew tradition that the garden was
created before tne world came into ex
istence; therefore, it lay beyond its
present limits. Moses Bar Cepha places
it midway between the earth and the
firmament. Another idea prevailing in
the old days located Elen on top of a
mountain which reached nearly to the
moon; another that it was situated in the
third recion of the air, and was higher
(lmn all the mountains of the earth
by twenty cubits, and that was the reason
the deluge failed to reach it. Morinus
held the theory that the whole earth was
paradise— was, in fact, jet in Eden, in the
midst of all kinds of iestivities and
felicities.
In Bridgeport, Conn., a bachelor^' club
is attempting to force unfaithful members
to abstain from Sunday pvening courting.
Last Sunday night the club visited houses
where their weaker brethren were making
calls, and abducted the tender-hearted
youths.
HOTEL AEEIYALS.
GRAND HOTKL.
E E Bdssett, Col 0 H Harnett, Cbicoso
J T \Vh!te«fc w. Denver JlrsL Kllio.t, Chicago
C Bel* r. .Sac. : w Johnson &w, Nlles
J W Kirchner.StocktonC Turner. Sac ~i£#SSB*SS
\V G Miller, .->» u Carlos J H Wright, Winters
J laiiKdon, J.:«| c W Koby, Fresno
F<• Marston, Oakland M Stone, Cal ;
H V Ki-ardon, Oroville II F lla: 1 Berkeley
WGundlach, Cal C X HaKhes. Berkeley
Mb M.aiay, -an Jo6e O O HudclltT.Watsonvllle
C Friinces, Salinas • Mrs R Low. L vt-rmore
S R iJoußherty. Rosa s v .Jlonison, Kureka
J >• Merrill. >to^kion ■; J C Cruuch. Ohio
X W .Neuii-ion, l; Ang L,»ke. Heno
J F riapp. Chitago •■■ , I! M smith. Pasadena
E F Benson; Wash ' Mrs tiUerlacb, Stockton
Miss Gerlacb, >toclcton W H I. Carlson. S l)ie?o
X W t arlsou. L \Ang - " W W Oaies, Stocxton
J W CumruinL's, Alturas ft A Foster, ReJ Bluff
J H Foiter, U»d BlufE SB Gordon, Gonzales
W Surlesg. Gonzales \V E Doiy, Cal
C M ilarmion, Stanford :
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J P McPike, Westiey J G Jury. San Jose
H Radln. Fresno W Slocum, KelseyviJle
A Miller, New York M 1) Arthur. V.i!l<-jj
W I) Urady, Fresno C MMyer, Petaluma
\V B Andrew, Petaluma X Bro« n, Chicago
H Martin. Chicago M Jarrres, Seattle
H Hilbert, S.attle L Doiifflßs. Ba*ersfl»l<l
J Uirshber?, Oakland A G liotison & w, Oakland
M losenbuck. Pni;a 1) W Williams. Chicago
B A Marsh. Michigan Miss I> N Hall, New York
J B McMUIln, Wash G B Myers. Boston
T F Marshall. San Jose D X Oliver. Stockton
Miis G l hurch. Eureka. J 8 Kins, st Loui-i
Miss F \V Kinp, st Louis A IMcMlllan&w.Knoxvllt
W J James, tan Jose X \V Hall. Sacramento
X G McPike, bt. Helena T B Prltchanl, Sausalito
X J Phillips <fe w, <i KUen Mrs Cooley<fec, St, Helena
R D Vithe&w.sst Helena J M Prali. Ban Jose
NEW WKBTERX HOT L.
E Long, PoushVeepsie A H Williams, Boston
J Mbck Alhmeda C Hill Kostou
G ilclnerney Aw.L Ang J H blingfrland, lowa
S Baldin, l.os ngeles J CumUky, lowa
T A Colemnn, Cal J Anderson. Cal
J C Lewis, Sac.o J Tlbbetts, Sacto
P C May lord. Chicago J V Umphreys, Alameda
J s Mctormlck, Alamda L B Paton, Mare Island
J R Stuart & wf, .St Paul c X Jones, C hlcago
A l;aval. rcata W G Proctor, Arcata
(J X Miller. Arcaia J F Firth Buffalo
FO Roto, Bridxeville J H Roth. Bridgeville
C Dunlap, Lo» Anireiea X L Buueraorth »fc w,B J
Hattie Dunlap. Los Ang P Kiiik <fe fy. Ireland
Bertha Dunlar, i-os Ang C E West, Sacto
J Juhnsoiison. Sacto J Andrews, Cal
M Wackbum, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
J R Walker, N V Mrs A C Heishle. N V
A U L.-vy, N V Bliss L M Dole. Chicago
P B Fraser. Stockton D G Kosenbaum, Siocktn
O G Mckels, USS C W Cook, N V
8 M Bobbins, B C W Ssieg, Milwaukee
C F butcher <£ wf, Ohio Paul X Walker, -wnford
J B Peakes. Sio.kton X W Rurtyon & wf, Cal
MraW P Harrington, Cal Mln Hurnn.nun, colusa
SAN FRANCISCO ''CALL. 1 '
BUSINESS OFFICKof the San Francisco Cali,—
710 Market street, opeu until lii o'clock every
eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montsromery street,
ccrnerClay; open until 9: 30 o'clock.
KS9 Hayes street, open nntll 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lurk in street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
feW. corner SixtteuVh and Jlisaiou streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
ii6lß Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
13 0 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
B^sS=» HERMANNLODGE NO. 127, F. •, .
w-* and A. M.— Staled, meeting THIS £\
DAY (Monday), January 4, 189», at 7:30 2?
o'clock P. M. By order of the W. M /v\
. t; : -V. ... L. bCHUMACHKH, ecretary. ■ ,
K3> WAN FKANCISCO CHAPTER *
; -6' No. 1, ]!oy,ul - Arch Masons, meets • ff%
THIS EVENING. Bus ness. "tf Tf
-■■•■•■" U. G. PUINCK, Secretary. /V\
IK3?> CALIHOKNIA LOllCir. Su. '^^mUM'.
l^-o' 1, l. o. O. F.— M^iiib-r.-i take^Sg^^i^
notice. ■ Installation oi ofliters for en-
suing urm on MONDAY . January 4. <w/«v*^.
. A. W. WILLIAMS, N. G.
P. J. Millet, Kec. Secretary.- . .......
IZZZS' TO THE MEMBKKJTok TIIK. PACIFIC
K^*/ Coast Jlarlne Firemen's. Union— A special
me tin* will be hell SATURDAY. Junuar 23,
1897, at 121 New Momgomery.st., ai 8 p. sc., to
ameod constitution and by-laws of the above-
named organization- By orders. B. WAKD,
. Secretary »od Business Manager Pacific Coast
Marine Flremeu's Union- -
tt^g=» ANNUAL AiEETJNU — NOTICE IS
S**^ hereby given that the eighth annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of tbe t-an Francisco and
Uaklanil Mutual Loan Association will be hvid at
the oltiie of the corporation. No. 518 Montgomery
St., corner Commercial, on WEDNESDAY, Janu-
ary 6, 1897, alii o clock p. m., for ihe purpose of
elec la< nir.'cto.-s for the ensuing year . presenta-
tion of the eigtiti annual I rei ort and tbe . ransao-
tion of such other business as may come before the
meeting. \ .
Books are now open for subscription to 1000
shares of RtocK of tbeNlith Series. Loans mode
in San Francisco nnd Alameda counties only, In-
tereu 6 per cent per. annum, free of mortgnge
tuxes; premium 20 p»r cent gross, or SO cents p»r
shitre. Ins aliments at pleasure of borrower, which
amounts to *12 00 per month for each «1000 n t
cash received iy the borrower, this sum paying
both principal and interest. ' Loans may be repmd
at any time desired. - By order of the Board of
Dlreciors. v THOs. J. WELSH, President.
A. Sbakboko, Secretary. " • -
ft^S= A BP&CIAL MEETING OFTHE MEM-
tS-JS' oerB O f the ]iishop Armltage Church Or-
phanage will be held at the office of the secietary,
6. v California street, room . 53, . on January, 12,
1897. at 12 m., for the purpose o? ivvislni; or
iiiip-iiilini: the by-laws of said corporation, or
«do])tln;: new by-laws: also for tbe transaction of
such o:i.er business as may come beforp the meet-
[ In. . L. \V AI) H A , Secretary. - ;
krumAL'V'hoxiCKs. "
jT^* BORKOWEES ACCOMMODATED AT
•~- e^ short noi lce: money to loan on lots noith
of the purk, in ihe itlchmojid distr.ct : easr pay-
ments. Apply to.W.-J. CiUNN, 410 Montgomery.
R^T» I.«DIA uPiUMXUkk FuK $i 5: PKK-
l*^ fec:ly hsrm ess; ladles treated »t home. B.
| D. KIMMis, 91b Market st., Columbian Bui'ding.
KESSP UAS I'IX.UKEi MAUK TO UKDEK;
uf-*^ cheapest ■• pia « iti the city. U. HUF-
BCHMIDT, 823 (.olden Hate aye. ,
UOjb- IIAU 'UiNANI-. hJtLTKI) FUK **:
*-- t^ rollecttons mad«, cltr or country. I'arlftiS
i I cllrri ion Co.. 415 Montcv «.. room »S. Tel. 658 U .;
; r l.i\ 1I)!.M» jsotic.es.
Ct^* DIVIDEND NOTICE-iiAVINGS AND
"^-^ J^otin Society, 101 Montgomery st., cor.Xnt-
ter. For the half year ending .Uecember 31. 1898,
| a dividend has been declared at the rate of tour
I and two-tentba (4 ii-10) ptr cent per annum on !
term deposits ; and three arid one-half (3Vi) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of laxei, :
1 payableou and after Saturday. January 2, 1897.
| Dividends not called for are added to and bear the
same rai« of dividend tn the. principal from and !
! after January 1. 1897.
• ■•' -•■■'■:■■-■-■■■ CYKUa W. CARMANY, Cashier.
1 SPS" OFFICE >; OF THE HIBEKNIA .-AY-
Z*-& tn>rs and Loan Society, corner Market, Me-" i
a II iHter and Jones Rts., ban Francisco, Dec. 30. |
IS96— At a r.-gular meeting of I the Board of Llrec-
lorsof this society, held this day, a dirioend has
been declnrpd at the rate- t>f r four (4) cent per
luinnni o.i all posits for the six months enJini;
December HI. 189i5, free from «ll taxes, a:id pay-
fcble on and aftt-r January 2, PDT ' }Tf iin|i»lrthij||
| :■'.■■: ■;: KuBKKTJ. TUBIN, Secretary.
I ft^p iIUMBuLDT SAVINOS AND I.OANSO-
: *--^ clety, 18 Geary *t.— | nlrectors have de-
j clared the folio .cm semi-annual dividend.-* 4.20
■ per ct- nt per annum on term ond 3.60 per cent per
| nuu in on ordinary deposits, payable on and after
Jannary a, 1897. -ft EKNE^T BKAND. Sec.
1 jr?^ I DIVIDEND x: NOTICE— THK OEKM A N
! B^ l6 '; Saving< and Loa-i f?ocli>ty, 626 California
utree-. For the half yenr ending DecemDer U,
I 1896, adividi nd hns been declared .at the rate of
i four and twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) - per
! ren: per annum on' term deposits | and • three aod
; fifty-live hundredths (3 S5-1O0) cent per au-
num on ordinary deposits.' fret: of taxes, payable
on and afier -aturday, January 2. 1897.
• 'a GKli. Ti'UK.NY, Secretary..
* Hll..Vl.i).\s \. A-NU-D- H.3IAL.E.
\ COMPETENT GERMAN INFANT'S NURSE
-V de&ires ■■ situation ;w best ' references;' city or
conn try.',- Miss CULLKN, Sutter st.'i f;
RESPECTABLE YOUNO WOMAN HAS LOST
XV her baby and would - like to go as a wetnurse
in a respectable i family or would take a : baby at
home lr h is convenient. Please : call a. 163%
F.ftnst., room 2L :■->;•: - •-,-• : >•-■.': - .-v ..., j
ITU ATJON WAITED: BY YOUNG CURI.TO
. lake care of children and assist in homework.
Apply 10 Falmouth at., off Folsom, bet. Fifth and
»nth; no cards. ;. . -•■ •■•-:: .": ■"•■ -'-■••-■
SWEDISH • UIKL » WISHES ; A^ SITUATION
t. > do upstnirs work: 3 y» ars in laut place.
Piease call at Eightevnth^and Denver sts., grocery
store. J( \ v\ _• ■ v.*:.i".-.' ..;-; ,.;.. .';•■_- :;,'-;;•':.■.■;.. .:)' :
C~ tOMPhTKNT AMERICAN- COOK, MIDDLE-
I ai;td and a nice laundress, wishes work In a
neat family; city or country; wages $12 i 0.*15.
Un;4 o ward st, room 10. ,::■■■ \*. -•. ?:' .'-i:s ■ ; y":
; if XPKR lENCEIT OKBMAN LADY DESIRES
,XJ »ny kind of work by the day: experienced in
sickness; work for f 1 and carfare. 2u2Va Fourth
St.. room 29. ■_ \ .:.-,~ '-;■.-.■ .-J. '::■-.-,' •;•:.■■._■ 1.-',;-:.':;.
WEDISH . WOHA.N wishes i work by
i the day washing. • Ironing or housecleanlng.
Please call or write 264 Minna si. t «. ,.: - ...:■», i; . .-■"',
IDDLE-AGhD:Ur.KMAN LADY DESIRES
situation :as housekeeper; firjt-class ' refer-
ences given. Address 633 Minna St., cottage.
'i.WANTEnrContlniwrt,-.;;.
o'ir^pFcTAßLE GIRLSwTshTtTUATIOX*
6 for general; housework. Call 257 Clementina
I »[., near Fourtn. •-. . ' . ■'■''' ' '''-'■■
j ynuxo . WOMAKi WA NTS wokk by the
1 day washing or housecleaulng; $1 l'J day. Ad-
I dre.f.s 16 Kincon aye. ?; - i :;:;:V':' ' ",
EAT YOUNG WOMAN WANTS A FBW
IN more p acej for liouse and office cleaning: aso
washing. , Please : call or address ll'JOVa Mission.
pKRMAS UIRI,"WAKTS >ITUATION TO
\7 do general housework or cooking. l'lease call
1526 a Stock 10. ■ .'• r. : «\. •"-»,*"• V .'•:-.
\\;i;m.\n \VA ts to DO WA SJI I NO.
--•'• or l.ousecleaninif by the. day: Crsi-class
worker: best, re no c. 731 Harrison st. .„
ITUATJU»N Wa.NTED— BY WKIiIsM G Kl_
0 todoll-rht up»talrs work and sewing. Call at
| 1320 .Stanyan si. ''■ ■ •..'■■' ' "' ■ '■'■'■■:
I Y"Ol'NG' Gi-.RMAN IiIKL Wi'ULD LIKr. A
i 1 position .to as-Ht In < light housework. No
postais: cull at Id. 3 fovv<-ll st
p EItMAX-UDY WISHbs A FKW MORK
AJ engagements as lady's nurse: is competent; 8
years experience. , 517 Vi Seconl st. ■■ •
WEDISH GIRL WISHES A SITUATION;
0 housework abd cooking. Apply 321 Ellis sU
VI IDDLU-AGED .WOM.A .S DESir.KS SITUA-
-i'i tlou; understands thoroughly America.i aud
German cooking. 121 Minna at.
I^IKST-CLASS COOK WOULD LIKEi FOSI-
-C (ion in a private family; would do some wash-
ing. Call 30 6 V Hayes st. "■ ,-"V??V
\V IDOW (fJi.RMA.N7 WANTB WORK OF
any klnl by the day. 821 Howard st,.
/ OAIPKTENT MIDDLK-AGED WOSIA N DE-
I v^ sires a sHuation to do cookins: and housework:
I city or country; wajses $10 per month. 829 a
Howard.-,
■VOU.NU &C.TCH WOMAN WOULD U.KK
A cooking in boarding-house or privatJ family : is
good cook and baker; city : references. E. 8., box
87, Call. .... . ,
UKLIABLIi YUUNG GIRL WANTS A BITUA-
At tlon to take care i.f a child; sleep home. Ad-
dress K.J.. box 81, Cail Office, f
vuc 5 uwomak would nKt: a place to
A gp out by the day washing and cleaning, , or
would do chamberwork by ttie day; $1 a day and
Bleep home. ; 51., box 76, Call.
"IiEFINED KLDKRLY LADY WANTS A
AY place as sraiu.it ri-st in good family, or will go
a* housekeeper for two old people. Address R., box
11U. Call.- -■
YOUNG WOMAN WOULD LIKE TO DO
A chamberworlc In hotel or lodging-house. Aa-
dress 543 Stevenson at., rear. . ■. , ■ . .-. • - • •
POSITIO.VAS CjOK BY UKUMA.N WO.vlAN 1
A in private family: first-class French and Aruer-
ican cooking. 161U California st.
\\t ANTED-A POSITION AS TRAVELI.N
" companion to invalid or children going East
In return for lirat-class fare. Address E. C, 923
AJcAliUter st. .
• MERIOA> WOMAa WANTS CHAMBER-
J\. work or charge of linen in lodging-house; ref-
erences.; 1630 Eddy st. ■ '
Y'OU-nU wuuas; with girl li/ 2 years
A o;d, would like position as worting bouse Kee-
per la imtil family: either city or country. Address
MH>. 8.. box 89. Call Office.
T>LAIN SEWING AND MENDING FOR FA M-
A. liies or geuts; cheap. I(J9Vs Hayes st.
I WfcDISH OIRL WANTS HOLSEWOKK i.R
O s-cond work by day; will sleep at home. 6201 A
Minna t , ,
I CANDINAVIAN GIRL JUS 1' ARRIVED
I O from East wishes situation as general house-
woriter. Address £.. A, box 16. Call. ... . \
\V IDOtV, FINDING HER AFFAIRS EMKAK-
' » ras «d, wishes work for herself and son, he be-
in? bus ness college graduate; references. \V\, box
13. Call.
TVTEAT YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKK A SUTJ-
| 1.1 atlon to do light hous'worK; o:ib who will-'
li g and onllgine; sleep home; .Mission. -M. R..
bux 1 10, 1 a 1 wfflce.
I OUNG LADY WISHES POSITION TO DO
A second work, and st-wing In private family;
best r-ferences. Address A. T., Young Women's
Chrisitau Association, 12*1 O'Farrnll st. ».
A CCOMPUSHED WIDOW WANTS MAN-
-:»- u«ln; housenetpei'3 poiilloi. 547 Mission St.,
room US.
L IR.VT-CL\Sa COOK WISHES SITUATION.
I J Apply 303S Sixteen. h si. , .
TJKFI.Nbii WIDoW WISHES SITUATION TO
A\ do se-.vlng ana mending; chlldreu'a clothes a
j sueclalt}-.; Ib 9 Fourth street, Uoom 7. :
n i> j LARKIN— OFFICE OF THE
1 AO CAIL: sub'scrlntions an ■ want ad< taken.
Vfl-AT, RKFINTTir<3i OF 16 WISHES
jA home with comfortably sltnaied cou|iie with-
out children; has musical education. MISS
STEIN \\ AY, (ieneral DHivery. Oakland, CaL
rXI'KKiKSiED NUKSK:WSMKEa SITUA-
£j ilon; }8 lerwn-k. call or address MRS. C.
\YOOL>niUD(..E, 134 McAllister st.
I QUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
• O Ca i.l taken ai branch office, 339 liayes st. ;
I open unt i » :3 > o'clock.
j TTAS'IERN WIDOW OF f.XPEKIKNCE
I VJ would like lirst-cla»3 place as housekeeper for
longing- house, widower or bachelor. Room y, 472
btevenson st , cor. Slith, afier 12. - ■
VASIERN LADY OF , .RKfINKMK.\T, BUT
Hi in reduced circumstances, would lUe position
rs tousekeeper In bachelor's or widower's home;
city or country. 1 Filth su, room 1.
T Al>Y WOULD LIKE TO DO PLAIN SEW-
JU Ingaad meuding at home. (nil be(ore 12 m.
or af er 7p. m. 131 Taylor »t.. room 2. .
V uUNG WOMAN WISHES 1O DO MENDING,
1 sewing aud clean clothes. Call at 116 Sixth
at., room 2. ;
TADY WOULD LIKK A SITUATION AS
XJ housekeeper: city or country. 117 Eddy, r. 1.
vor.No wo-iAN WOULD like iomtion
1 a.-i housekeeper; city or country. 144 Fifth
room C . • :
VV" INCUK.i»fc.K HOUSE. 44 THIRD si.. .\K.
:1 1 Market; 'MU rooms: 25c to ifl 6i) per nUhi.
»1 60 iosd per week: coovenlen: and respecMbl*.
Jiff bus and bacrcar» to and fmm the Inrr.
blllAXlO.Ns WANXIiD-iIALE.
TTUNTBR <fc , CO.. CHINESE AND JArA-
XX nese employment ' office. 17 Webb st., belo^
Kiamy. nr. CaL; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG. m«r
I pUINESE & JAPANESE; EST'D. 20 YEARS:
j V^helpUel.maln 1997: BRAPLKY&CO..
PHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. . 414^' O'FarrelL Tel. X 426.
I JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. .R.
O 73, St. Ann's bllg. 6 Edly St.: tel. Main 5234.
ANTED— WORK BY A Y'l'XO MA N :
• ' German: used to hotel, ies! nt, salcon or
kitchen work: city or country. Pluase address H.-
MILLEB, 631 sneramento su. room 98.
VOUSt! SIAN, WITH UK BEST OF HABITS
.X. and' California references,' wishes position
where there is no Sunday work. Address C. M.,
} box 82, Call Office. " . : .' •
QITUATION WANTED BY EXPERIENCED
O engineer to run machine-shop, sawmill, hoist-
ing engines. ' ' Address ' Engineer, Momgomery
; Hotel, Second st.
I ■PXPEKTJ.AUNDRYMAJJ WISHESTO HAVE
SU enip'.oyment: competent to take charge of any
department. , Address D.. box I^3. Call office. .
p OOD COOK ANl> BAKEK WANTS A MM'A-
VJT tion In hotel or restaurant.' Please call 217
| Secoud et. ' .
OKS-EMAN. A DANK. KNoW-S THK CARE
of tau horses; carder.; cinmllk; bas first-
class refer-nces. Address C. D-, box 89, this office.
TEADV, RELIABI.T: ■■;■ SCANDINAVIAN
wants work 'of any kind: can drive and care
! for horses. VAddresiC, box 60, Call Offl c.
■ RANCH OFFICE OFTHK CALL, 187 NTNTH
I X> st. — Want ads and subtcrip taken.
i "VTURSh; AND MASSEUR Ti> \l\ VALID GEN-
j litleman: is an cxi en nervous pros.ratinn;
' . highest reference.. Address Nurae. box 66, Call. . >
i. OSITION as COOK AN D HELPER BY mii>
• die-aged Herman couple: city or country. Ad-
drens A., box 13, Cail Ollici-. . .•;
ITU ATI ON WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS
gardener with references. Address Gardener,
; box Z 109, Call Ofllce. "
j T>KINTKR-S.ITUATION WANTED BY CuM-
A pt-ient i.eral printer; city or country. Printer,
box lCB,thl» office. t., .vv ,j
TAPANESK BOY WANTS PLACE T<» DO
O cookliik, housework, private family. Address
S. NANAHARA. 1600 PaciHc aye. , •
V, AN W NTS POSITION: AN CAPACITY:
i'l ■ stor>, office or drive wagon. Address J., box
119, Call Office. . . ; > :.. : , ". . .,/'. ;.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THJS
Cam.: want ads and subscriptions taken. . "
V A YOUNG MAN ; wTTITES O .(ID HAND;
knows ciiy well; ma.c hims generally use-
ful. Address box 24, Branch Call Office, 339 liayes.
APANESK SCHOOLBOY WANTS PLACE TO
woric'in family. Address NAKAGAWA, 758
Castro s'., OaKland. > ,V. : • • .
r^i : MONTGOMERY. COiiNEROF UI.AY—
OZ. t Open ; uml 9:30 - o'clock ; r branch office of
the Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken. ■
VOU.NG MAN WANIS POSITION TO LEARN
Xas a machine hand or helper. Address X. M.,
bux76. Call. : .•.-.-■ .-.■.. .-.■■..-■ ..-- .■,..;
\\r ANTED— SITUATION AS FOREMAN ON
■ '"hydraulic mine; can make burvey. A. V.,
box 43, call Office.' :: '-..- .'.-■■
r ANTED— A POSITION BY' FIHST-CLASS
gardener; best of references: experienced car-
j penter and lumber. ■■; Call 83 Clay st., Oakland:
V* ; lAUHKaTivit .ttllli .->.£, 4* l±iiKL>. ■ NEAK
■""». Market— Electrlo;llchts:Jn <*very:reom; 20J
rooms: 250 to 91 50 per nlghr: %\ SO to $8 par
ncelc: free bus am*, baireacp. to »nd from the terry.
; FKiIALK 111-JLl' WASTED. '
"PHOTESTANT COOK, NO WAhH, AMERI-
X can family, f40; !; 2 : nursery r Boverne.^ses, ; $20
und »25; 3 French, German and Scandlu/tvlun
second girls $20; 2 i.uries. $20: German chamber-
maid, ir 20: 3 1 cooks ,in merican | and | German
families. $25 and $30: colored clrl for housework.
$25; cook, small boardinic-house, $25: waitress
and • chambermaid, $20; and ; a ■ large . number of
girls for cooking and housework in city and coun-
try. J. F. CRUSKTT «fc Cu., i<l6 utter st.
'A GIRLS.: - GENERAL . HOUSEWORK. $15
" ! and « $20; * German 'or ' Swedish * girl, general
housework. f 16.* references; I girl," 3 country, $25;
gir. toa*st*t,*sl2; German or French cook, $20:
nurse girl for infant, $16. MRS. DADAMI, 313
gutter st.
HJ"XP WANTED— <'ont.fim#»d. : .
r WAITRESSES. $20 AND BOOM; 3 WAIT-
D ressea $5 a tveek: 4 waitresses, $15 and room;
chambermaid. $lt>: chambermaid, it>l2: ioojc. res-
taurant $7 a week: lunch waitress: cook, country
hotH, 825 and room: cook for boarders. $20 ana
room: 2 girls, country : hotel, $30 and room: S
young girls, small hoteljand r«st;.urants: girl fOJ "
kilchrnwor*. ■ MA i TIN'S 749 -Market at. - ,-..
uU»i>KEKPJSR. -*15 ; TO-:**0; -HOUSE-
keeper. $1-', tall parly; girl. -agnna st.,
SO- e'r! Octav st. $-'0: «lrl. . Thirteenth St.,
$20; «Ir., * Rcrke ey, 920:" g:rl. Taylor st
$25: Klrl Hyde st..s2o: Kirl. Oa-dnk-. $-5 . eiri.
Vallejo St., $-'0; girl, 1 aylor $15: gir . Wash-
ln*tO« aye., *15: aiil. Lasnna $15: r gtrl. Mils
st., $15; girl, ■.Sut^r •BU.-«li-: lrl V?*' ar L^" $10.
girl, uc avia St.. $16: girl, ool.ien Gate a^ $15.
£ir.,- wenty-nintn St.. $i 5: i 5 young gin*. *8,
$1 (J and $12 per momb, assist, etc., Ie nc« * ai »'-
l.es- 10 German, 9 Swedish, 5 Danish - girls.
MAKI INS, 749 -\I arket St. v
COL- iRKD> GI RL, HOUSEWOHK, *f25. MAR-
I^ TiN'S. 749 Marbet st.
RE.NCH NURSKGIRL, 1 CHILD. $15: o SeE
JO lady In ottlce, 2 o'clock. MARTIN'S, <49 Mar-
ket st. ■■■ ■ ■ '■ ■ ' ■ ; -■ " -■••■••■■•.■
SWEDISH GIRL. HOUSEWOKK. $20: SEE
O lady in office. 2 o'clock. MARTIN'S, 749 Mar-
ket st. . . .-.■■.•-:■' _
•Vkat oekman girl, housiTwork, WO:
ll se_« lady in office, 2 o'clock. MARTIN'S, 749
Market at. _ : ■ ' .
/"IHAMBERMAID; COUNTRY HOTEL; $17 50.
\J C. R. HANSEL <fe CO . 110 Geary \ X.
AITRESS HOTEL. CIIY, $20: - GOOD
V? plain rook, private family. $^5: French sec-
ond girl, $*0. . see lady here Monday, 10 a.m. ;
Kirl, general housework. Berkeley. '3 in fumlly,
$2l>- German or Scandinavian housework girl,
$18; Swedish homework girl, 2 In family. $20;
nutseslrl. country. $'*: 10 young girls, light
housework, $10 and $15. C. R. HAJtsEN <St CO.,
110 Geary st. _____________
<>A WAITRESSES. $20 AND $25, « ITY AND
--" country hotel; 1 , restaurants, etc., fare paid In
scme]ob3; 5 cooks, $15, $20 $30: laundress,
$iO; cook. $25; 3 women for housework, city ; 3
women, cooks, etc., for > anches, and ; other places.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 ana 636 Ciay St. . -•■■'""
ORKING HOU EKEEFEB, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 >uuers;. "
OOK, $30; SECOND GIRL, $25: NUR>E. $20:
\J 15 housework girls, city anti couniry, $20»nd
*25; 8 vcung girls, assist, $10 to $15, MISS CUL-
LEN, 3>3 Sutter st. ■•-'-' ■.."■'■
| AUN DRESS, $30. MISS CULLEN, 333 SUT-
XJ ter st. ■■:..■ - "
WANTED— Y..USO GIRL TO DO SECOND
work and aisist with children a short dis-
tance in country. Apply 17 >ixth st. , store. .
AJURSEGIKL FOR BABY AND ASSIST WITH
XX light housework: *leep home. I'all 436
liuchaoan St., bet. 9 and 11 a. M. "...
OUNG GIRL GKNKRAL HOUSE-
i work; family of 2; references; to 12. 1229b
Ellis. : ■■■■■■■■ ■-.-■■
■yoUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUBE-
A work; city reference required. 1510 octav.a,
9 to 12. _^__^_______
Ur.ANTKI>— GERMAN OR SWEDISH UIRL
for general housework and cooking 1620
Geary st.
\KI ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT
»" housework: wates 18; g od home for right
parly. Apply 179 Noe St.. near ifteenth. ■ '.:.■?■ ■■.
yocsG lady TO kepk^sent PURLISH-
X ing house in country towns; expenses paid,
Address C. f., bux 119, Call Office.
IV' ANIV.D— OIRL FOR HOUSEWORK IN
'» bakery. 2129 Mission st. :
GIR , LIGHT HOUSKWORK, $10 A MONTH.
VJ Apply restaurant, 218 Mason st. .
FOLDERS W.,K ifcD; ALtO TWO AP-
J-> prentices. 605 Montgomery st. *
lUDLE-.\GED SCANDINAVIAN LADY
ItX wanted as housekeeper. 29 Ninth, 11 to 12.
nOMPKTKXT GfcBMAS GIRL FOR GEN-
\Jeral housework: family of two. 917 Sutter »L
OOD WOMAN for l gut HOUS work:
VJ plain cooking: wages $8 to $10. 764 Howard.
p IRL FOR HOUSEWOKK: PLAIN COOKINgT
VX small washiug: wiiKess'2o- 721 Ellis st.
OUNG- GIUL To ASSIaT IN* UKXERAL
J- housework. 2215 Bush st. . .' ' .
OMPK'IEM' t-iltiL t OR GENERAL HOUSt:-
\J work and cooking. 1712 Gearr au •
IKI.TO-ABSIST IN LIGHI HOUSEWORK.
VX Inquire 1013 Golden Gate uve.
ook AND UNDRESS; refekences.
\J Call at 171TJ Broadway, 9to 11. - ;
/~-i IRL ASSIST UOUSttWOKK; NO COOKING;
vJT oue accustomt-d to children. 1512 Taylor st.
"PK^PECTARLE WUMAN FOR GE.st.KAL
XV houseworK and care of baby. 53.:* Vj Natomasu
"L"XPERIENCEb APPRENTICE CUSTOM
S-J pants. 7 Leonard place, b.-t. Turk and Eddy.
irl FiJK general hou»-."wokk: GOOD
v home; small family. 122 Twenty-ninth st.
Call Monday. .
VOir.NU NEAT GIRL TO DO GENERAL
X housework; $S. 221H Stelner st.
\O NU GIKL A» WAU'KKsS. . 63U CEN-
X tral aye., bet, Hayes and Grove. ■*■ -- • ' ■ . .
LADY WITH $125 CAN PURCHASE $300
stoc:; and established business: eas-* uuy-
tuents; clears $3 and v.-ward p«-r day; country
agents wanted. • J., box 15, this office. - ' • '
\\r ANTED— PUPILS FOR PRACTICAL MIL-
'» . llnery school; course thorough: • class now
forming for spring worK; satitfactlon gaaranteed.
-"JV2 Geary St., removed from 410 Leavenwonn. •
OTROSG YOUNG GIRL~TO~WRAP~PACk~-
O ages: reference* wanted.' The Unique, 1030
Market st. .
IRL ABOUT 15 TO ASSIST; $8; WILL IN-
'■use; sleep home. 4 Liberty st.
CIAL, SPECIAL, SPECIAL— THE MC-
>well Dress'-uttlng Academj- reopens Mon-
day, anuary 4, 1897; special inducements to all
beginners next week; two weews' sewing lessons
free: do not tail to take advantage of I this grand
offer; :his Is the lime io lenru something useful
and practical; the U eDo» ell is ihe - largest ; and
best dreNsmaklug echo<4 on the Coast; now is the
time toenter tbeMcDowell Dresacutting Academy,
6.-6 M«rki>t. opposite Palace Hotel.
AWRENCE CUTII.VG SCHOOL IS THE
IAWRENCE CDTIIAG SCHOOL IS THE
j only reliable place for patterns; every one
guaranteed to be perfec:. 1231 Market st. .s'> ~
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLK;
Winchester Hous , 44 Third st , near Market:
200 rooms: ' 25c to iSI 5J pernigbt;fsl 50 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
"L->LYN.N'S DRESSMAKING AND CUiTINU
X I Academy, 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
\I'A>TKU- aSO \VOMJa.X To l,tArt.V
' ' Laib»r trade: only «< T week* required: iooU
clven and cataloguo buuu b. a\ mtOkC ScuuOi,
1515 Howard K.
\ W -;EK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ T/±a
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
". MALE . HJ^Li' \» i'Jil>.
ANTED— MINKR, $40 AND FOUND; MAN
»» to raise turkeys on shares: Americin driver
for milk wagon, $25 and found: young man for
fruit ranch; farmer and wife, $45: cabinet maker;
c -lored beilboy. $5 and found: boiel cook. $50;
waiters and others, pply to J. F. CROSETT «S
CO; 6*B Sacramento st. ■»-,''
BKOILER, $30; FRIER, $60: SKCOND
roast cook, *sj; all for country hotel; . call
early. * C K. HAN--EN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
OOK FOR COUNTRY HOTEL, $60. C. R.
\J HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
O NEAT H TEL WAITKHS, SOUTH, »35. C.
OR. H ANSEN CO.. 110 G»-aryBt.
TTOTEL DISHWASHER, $J5. C. R. HANSEN
XX <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
1,-ARMBB AND WIFE FOR A VINKYARD.
F $40 to<4s and fonnd; 10 farmers, $15. $20nnd
$26:. 3 mllKMs. $20 and $25: man toraiss blacK-
berriej on shares: gardener for a No. 1 place;
woodenrver, $3 50 nday; stableman, $35. MUR-
RAY ARKADY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 630 Clay st. . ;
Kd 63<i Clay st. AND ?50;.'3 WAITERS,
7k u . #30 $40 AND $50; 3 WAITERS,
$20 to $30: lunch-counter cook, $35. and help
tend bar: 3 dishwusners, $15 and $*0. MURRAY
<fc READY, Leading tmployment ' Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st. . ■
■YV AITEH, $7 WEEK. CALL EAKLY; DISH-
V? washer, $10 and room:. 2 waiters, small hotel.
$20 and room, see party in office 10 a. m.: third
cook. $30 and room: rook. $60 and room: cook,
$^saiulioom: cook, $75 a d room: second cook,
»70; French rook, $65 * nd room: waiter, $6 week.
MARTIN*, 749 MarHet St. _^
Q RANCH-HANDS: LAUNDRYMAN, COUN-
Zi try: laundryboy for dairy; boo:black. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st. -.■-;■■ v >,-;: ... ;..■■■■ , V
-r-IKST-CLASS -HEi-P FURNISHKD.- AT
r SCANDINAVIAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE,
29 Ninth st. - -. ' ; V '
*7W AIT KRS, COUNIRY HOTKL, $25. R. T.
L WARD & CO.. 608 and 610 Clay St. ■
O WAITKHS. COUNTRY, HKAD WAITER
A »25. lU)TEL GAZETTE. 4^o Kearny st.
IRST-CLASS HKLP FURNISHED AT.IHE
Scandinavian Employment Office, 29 Ninth st.
\V ASTKU- ALL AROUND MAN ON SM.<LL
»» - ranch. Apply < RNAMENTAL IRO^
WORKS, Eighth ani Mission, between 10 aad 1
o'clock. .
\\r ANTED — EXPERIENCED BUSINESS-,
like man to travel and nppoint agents: smarjr
$75 p<»r month and expenses and commission. Ad-
dress P. O. box 828, Sjin Jos ■. Cat.
W ANTKD- YOUNG MAN FOR OFFICE
;• ;■.»»; work: quick at fii;urps: write, clve aie. expe-
rlencp, etc.; references required. Address A. 8.,
box l.«all Office. ; : . : --. \, .;• \ ■ . / -;',.
OY TO HUN ERrtANDS AND. CLKAN
office; $2 week. H. S. CO.. tox bO. Call Office.'
\\r ANTED— YOUNG MAN .SOME EXPERI-
»' enceshoemaklng. ■ pply this office
GOOi* VKST-PR SSKK; NO OTHER AEED
apply. 41 bievcn.-on st. ';
OY AT L,CK HOUSE LAUNDRY. 9 LICK
place."--- : , ; -.-;■ -.■.."< -■ - ■' ••;'■■.-■ ;■«.-
STR.ON * BOY WANTKD'TO WuHK IN A
boat shop. ■ 646 Second st. . ,
OOD ; CARP. NT_li WANTED AT 232
O'Farrell at.;. come early. ; ' ■f :
BOOTBLACK FOR - BARBERSHOP. AT ;34
Fourths. V. :,:■-■. ' - - ■ ; "^
DISHWASHER AT 1807 HAIGHT ST.'LOW
wages; call;garly. ;, :;-;.-.;-.:> t/s^V.^l • "
4. FIR>T-CLASS~CABINET - MAKERS. 1603
i^r Califorula st ; near Polk. .
i JTFT.T* WAKTED-Cont'im*''. : /_.
V\ ANTED-FIRST-CLAS-* CABINKT-M AK-
VVers, with tools and tenches. Ap^ly Mn rrat,-
Cisco Furniture Manufacturi.tr Co.. 644 r.iynnt st.
TFYOL AKK AN ACTIVE MAN. WILLIMJ
1 to work, and deposit *10, we rnn guarantee S2o
weekly. ,215 saniome St., room l!.- : . 
EN'S HALF-SOLING. 50c: Dli'-S". 40c:
done while yon wait. 638 Market, opr- Y a ]?s?
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp.Will <fc Flnck t».S.g.
&JjiO.» WANT.-j iUu Ji.'-v'iu >•*.! t'.Ot-
. tie b-er or wm<> 5c D^s; frew lunch. b43Ci«y.
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
»" The Cai.i. are taken at Branch fflce, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sis.
V?i I S* 1 MISSION ST.— BRANCH OKFICK OF
I £O I O The Call: subscriptions a-d wa.it ads
taken. i
TJOSEDALK. 32rE10,1S ST.— SIN'LK FUIi-
IX nished rooms, -jUc to 25u ulght. $1 to gl 60 wk.
"VT- -W W.xuuxj HOUSE, 76 > .MioilU.', HKV.
XI 3d and 4th— S;nel«' furnished rooms, nUht 10j
toSOc.week 60c to *2. reading-room; strictest a:-
tentlon morning calls: clean: qulei: open ail nignt.
OOMS 150 To 75c PfcK NlGM'i: 50c TO ti 5J
per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
VOX FULL AND-CLUAN 10c jiivAL olt
J coffee and cakfs 5c co to 13Vfj Ur;int. aye.
TYLISII A.ND DURABLE CALI-' SHUlii;
ourown make: *52 50. 1159 Howaid. nr. .-»ixi.t>.
INGLE FUKNISHKD ROOMS; 15cA MUIITj
,75c week. . Llndell House, Sixtii and Howard.
,' A N D— ABO X hli^ AiNU Si p. «-' H\ N i
to know that Ed KolKin, Keno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver Hous», 217 ThirJ st.: 15J
large rooms: 25c j»er nlKiit; if 10 $;{ ii-t week.
fiiiti ACJiii iiyUorJ. »>„/ jiAhttiil'ol.. ot
1 low Sixth, for a room : *6c a nlcht: *l b wm».
IJAKBliits' 1-iiUiUTIVK UNION h.MI'I.OV-
X> ment secreiarr. CONRAD TKOKLL. 667 ulay.
ARBKK-— FOX EMPLOYMENT IJALL sKCi'
P. U Barbers' Assn. s. FUCHS. 325 Urant ava.
JOUKNJ3.YMKN BARi>EK&' h..\i PLO 1 -M£..\ r
secretary .1L BKKNARD. 102 bu
I,AKBEK WASHSTAND.-, ONE, TWO AND
JIJ three bowls. ■ heap. 623 Golden Gate aye.
ECRU ITS WANTED FOR THE . UNJ.TKD
Males Marine Con>s. L'nited States -Navy;
Bbie-bodled unmarried men, between the aces of 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United states,
or those who hmve legally d -dared their intention
10 become citizens: mast be of good character an 1
habits and able' to speak, read and write iinglua.
and ■ between b . feet 5 inches cud 6 feer in hclghc
For further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 20 Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.
LOHO HOUsri, 863Va MARKET ST.— KOOM3 '
20c. 25c to 60c night: $1 to $2 weeic
INCHKSTKK HOUSK, 44 THIKD ST.. NX.
MarKet: 200 100 ms, 25c a nlghl; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOES! SHOKS! SHOES! NEW TO OKJJKK:
any style, *3 up: niisnts and cast-oiT shoes
bough: or exchanged: large stock of oecoud
sboes; first-class, repairing; worii guarauunyl.
749 Mission St., near Grand Op^ra-honse.
1 f\i\ iiKN TO .TAKK.LoDGIKti AT 10c, 15a
J UU and 20c a lilgnu including coffee an.l ro.U.
624 Washingtoa St.. near Kearn ■■■.
\\f ANTED— A.N IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OP
' 1 tome simple thing to uatencr Protect your
Ideas; they may bring yoo wealth. Write JOUS
WtDDEKBUKN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washinston. D. C for their *IsOJ vnta
cflir and list of 200 invention* wwnteq
ANTED, L\J L.i-isiCT WAGES DUE LAiiOK
em&derks. KNOX Collection Accy. 110 Suttet
K>T IN CITY— SINGLE KOOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per n!;;ht: $1, $1 25, $1 50 per weeic
Pacific House, Commercial and l.eidesdonT ats.
ANTED— KOOMS, l&c A DAY: $1
week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 38 Clay »v
ANTED. YOUR BHOK.-i— WE REPAIR
sboes up to 9 o'clock every niijht: those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at night while yon wait; Incuea" soling,- 35c; men'i
ioling. 60c: flue shoes made to order irom $-' up:
we have a \ot of shoes, been damaged by water, as
less than one-fonrth their value, from 25c up la
$2 50. f>6i Mission St.. b^s. First s:. and second st.
AtiEJVTi \VAXTKd".
T7»LDER PUBLISHING COMPANY— AGENTS,
£J large proilts. 1505 steiner s. *-v
XX TO HANI>LE SOMETHING NEW: A
quick seller; : big protlt. Call 1370 MarKet st.
EEL'S WATKK FILTEK AGE TS HAVE
something new. Come up. BRICK it CO.,
777 Market st.
"pi'BA" IS WHAT THK PKOPLE WANT TO
\J know about; now is the time to sell 1 nr
-"Cuba" book: liberal terms: appiy at' once for
territory. F Pi- RSON, Mannger subscription Da-
partmeni. The Whlttaker & Kay Company.
A GF.NTS— A BOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
J\. icatlon Ei re Grant's book is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections": every one wants
the book written by tue commander-in-chief of lha
United Sta army: first agent's commissioa
$22 in 3 hours. E. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department. The Whitaker & Kay Company.
723 Market st. V~.
■ HOUSEJS WAJTUEIk.
YV^^FE^^cTiTTA^jET^rrH is-fABLE^OB
• » 2 hones and 2 wagons and good yard. in dis-
| trict bounded from Larkin west. Golden Gate ave-
j nue and Pine st. . . X.. box lf>. Call Office.
I ■
WANTKI).
WANTED- SUNNY FLAT; 4 OB ft ROOMS
and bath. Address H.. hox 90. 1 his rice
■ FUBXISHED HOUSES WANTED.
\\TA NTED— F URNISHE IT^HOUSE " "^F~I2
'» rooms and baths in Western Addition. Ad-
dress X C, box 142. Call Office.
~ pkopekty wanted.
ANTED^-CABPKNTKH wokk for lot
or house rent. R. TIMM, 627 Second st.
: WAXTED-MISCELLANEOLs. ;
Mf.DIUM-SIZE SAFE, CHEAP FOX CASH.
IVL X, Box 121, this office.
UILDI.NGS 1 ; LL'MBKK, SASIJEH^
doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission su
ECOND-HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS. LKN-
C 5 ses, magic lanterns and slides. 109 Montgmry.
(JiiuToijJt BOOKS, C LOT liX.\u A.\l> JjvW-
-0 elry to A. KLEIN. 109 sixth St.: send postal.
EDUCATION At..
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLKOK, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business . practice. " shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages. English branches,
electrical engineering; 20 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; dny and evening sessions; catalogue.
.YKESV THE LEADING COLLEGE. 3i.">
Montgomery st.: individual Instructloa 10.
fhorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
lite nrholarship 950- low rate* per week and mo.
TIEHL'S SHOKTH AND BUsTn
C011ege, 723 Market st.; stuaents traino 1: oftice
situations secured ; lowest rates or ere for tv ition.
NGiNEi-.KINU SCHOOL: MECH.. ELKU,
civil, mining, snrvey. assay, archlt.. X ray
tanchi,:es.lB64. A. VAN DER NAILLr.N.7I'3
1 >OOKKEEPINU THOROUGHLY IN ti WKKH
IJ or year's course free: only ccconntant teachiu^c.
TAKK, room 572, Parrott Emporium building.
KLASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTINi*-.'
I Private theatrirals arransed; pnplls rehearssil
f n *iaee. K. 5 and 12. 1. O. UF. bliick. 7th and Mkl
NGLISH, LATIN, MATHEMATICS: JJSO.
lish literature a specialty. MISS ROULsTON.
724 O'Farrell st. : • ; , , '
L RENCH LEARNED EASJLY. TAUGHT BY
i a graduate from Paris. J.. box 10. Call Office.
ANTED— AITEAI HER OFTHK rtA HAM I
system only. T., box. 106, Call Office. ; .
pROFES.->OK L. KANKIN— VIOLIN. MANDO-
■M. lin, mandola; terms reasonable. 225 Geary si,
piANO LE-SONS,. $a a .MONTH: U»E OF
-L piano; thorou-h instruction: refs. • 216 Mluna.
GLIIAK. iA.\i<UUA, PiA.Xll aNo Vucll
lessons. >3 ma Mary Westhaus. c{» Fifth.
BOOKKPXG. WKITNO. AKITH6ITC. UKAMH.'
day Anight: nocla<Be»: »5 nionm. B4sMis«ioo!
V| IGHT SCJiOOL;iii-,Ai.D'> iIIiS.COLLh.UK-.2j;
Xi l'Q3t:con)merciai,shorthand.Engllsh low rates.
BOX. LOUISJItJttKI; 'VluLlN. liAi'lHait'
guitar, cornet: reasonable. 225 Geary.nr. Powetu
Q' XU1 w : mNU; TAXIS OKADUATJBi
OFrench.berman langnaces:sJ mo. 10S»Tavlor,r7.
UEMTISTS. — — — — — -
DB. L. T. CRAXZ- hXTKACTION^PAIN
cro wn work, bridge *or.; and tee^ .Without
plates a specialty. 3atf Sutter. NX. cor. stoVktoa.
$7 IUUj ! "' l ' Oc i.tiw WUhiri «lst
NVl ' *»-^f nl * d 5 yf«rs: pxtractlr.il free: rllliugj
600. Chicago Dental P»rlnrs. 24 Sixth st..
X DR. HARDINQ, £QQ Slitter: JEXTK ACTION."'
J. DR. HARDINQ, 60Q Sutter: tei. main 5575.
Tr\K.JES-.UP, DENTIST, FuKMEKLY SUT-
xv.er »nd aiontg'y, can be foil-id 318 Kenrny st.-
D^, L KANI <3S CUALFANT, MOViiD f KOM
\J 8 Mason to 119 p ,ii ; briditework asperlalty.
GOLio.N l>c..>iAL ASS.OCI.. 1 iO.N. bOo -l iti '
yj ket st. DR. CHARLKs W. DEL XXX.
fit 7 A BaT >O»t •ir.H.m-WA KA>T>.D a-*
h !, RO S d asc » n be made; tilling $1 DR. MM Sis.
gentlst. 93 ° Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
A ! LESS f.XTKAt'lju.s, . 60c; C Ku VV
J- bridge work a specialty: plates ?5 up: IS year*
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.sT. 815% olary.
< 1 I*- LUDL 0 Al Hli... 1443 MAKKKT sr NiiT
J-/ Eleventh; no charge ior extracUng whea
plßtes ar» made: old plates < mode ovtr like new-
■ tefttt irom $8 per sn: extracting 50c: gas given
V'ULL OKi'J KK'i'H. »7;vFILLI\H MViT
J crowns *3.V. Pacific Dental Parlors, 1H ■• i" lir !
( OUi X I)Kii ' l ' AI ' ASsOOiAIION i^^nr
V ket. bet. 3d anl 4th: gas -. specialists"- ■ ,V.n^ "
rxtr«ctlng.wlth WU: plates..*3 , „£' flHl'S?
without any plate. move,l from-gto^t Farretl ,ffsttvfss chanckh.
'oTTgTbocery SI'ORES
J\ ' Prices from $100 to $4000
• 15 coffee-saloons Prices from $200 to $1000
12 branch bakeries ..Prices from *50 to $500
* \"i coal and wood Prices from $350 to SBOO
\" -, saloons Prices fr p.i $350 t052500
ludru-stores Prices from $1200 lo $4000
llScicarstores .. Prices from $200 to $1200
1 (^stationery stores Prices from $300 to $850
H. C. DECKEK, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth. .
1 . TTvNDY STO KE AND FACTORY; FINE
\J place; on Market. Apply DECKER, 1020 Mku
■■-•. , . - / COFFEE-SALOON: r "eT'eipts $35
|. »pOOU. ijaiiy. See A. M. SPECK & CO., 6U2
Mur^Pt st.
,I. aio- YOU CAN PURCJIASK $300 STOCK
3pJ.Zoc.nd established business; rent paid 10
Feb. 1: seliinK in order to attend oilier business;
; >' ' . country anents wanted. D, box IS. Call.
HANCE OF A LIFETIME: NKWLY FI i'-
• \J ted up res'avrant: cost$1000; will sell to-day,
. SUSO. Call 1241/2 O 1 Farrell St.
~Q~] -. . SALOON ; FIN FIX-t URES: SNA P;
'•p » 1 'V". good business. 854 Howard: no agents. '
TOCK AND FIXTURES oi' GROCERY
store, -. w. corner Pos; at'd Hyde sts.
A LOON POB SAi.E— APPLY AT ANCHOR
0 brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
<>7?: CHOP- HOUSK; GOOD LOCATION;
CI O • rent $20. l>. McRAB, 827 Mission.
/■'Kut'KRJ ANDSAL«)ON \V I H 4 ROOMS;
VJT r.-nt cheap, orner Sixth and Clara sts.
ijO|\|U| INVESTMENT: OOCU F I NCA <
. #uUUv, 10,000 cocoa trees and 11,000 acres
of land in Barro Blanco plautation. Colompla,
• . South America, in 3 tuivments; net income
55000 annually after fourth year. Particulars at
ill Front st., can Francisco. '
<i \l \t II \ TU $2o.&00 REQUI RED~ TO KN-
©tIUUU lar^^ a successful packing busiiusj
• in order to utilize a new product: large dividends
guaran:eed; no limit to deu<and; best references
furnished- BENHAM & UHOMAS. 415 Ninth
|§ • St., Oakland.
I - C* 1 Ul\(\ GROCERY AND LIQUOR STORE;
. • •> IOUU. 4furnished rooms; junction 5 streets;
very best location; owner In ness 30 years;
sure Increasing rade. a., box 60. Call. ■■■;
\VA.NTfc.I)-SMALi7IWO.MI.NtI-HOUBE OF
' ■ » » about 10 or 12 rooms, when; could keep 3or 4
boarder*; In san Francisco orsome country town:
must be cheap. R. R-, box 100, Call. ■•
"TOCKEYTItTjUMTTv I NN E B TUESDAY
*i next will d vide winnings with discreet busi-
• iuss man: betting lively; chance of lifetime.
/•« Po^totlice box 2192. __;
•A TTENTToN-^i ORNER CHJAR-STOR. : IN
• '• wholesale district. near Market s:.: must l;e
•i * sold owing to departure; makeofter. JOHN Si ON,
"b's Kearny St. . : ____^^
t . . .'/hi CORNER GROCERY Bl sINESS,
■\. '■.- t*t~')\J\i. stock and ur-s; established 2j
years. PATTERSON J: CO.. 2 Valencia si.
DTCHER-isHOP: KSTA BL I HE D BUSI-
'> ness: for sale cheap. Apply . >ew Electric
Market, 4066 Twenty- fourth s .. near . astro.
•|f FOX SALE — GOOD BLACKSMITH - SHOP;
T central y located: smi-.1l sf>ck: for saie cheap.
•S Address B. H., box 89, Call Office.
:. I - VOR KUAINS <- IN BUsINESSIOFJtAN V
.«• r kind ste UNDERWOOD & CO., 765 Market st.
EST AURANT FO a SALE CHEAP: GOOD
. 3 Xt- busitie-s owner colng away. 23 Third st.
VfillE UES-'FCALL ROUTE ACROSS THE
1 bay: $200 per month. E. H.. thisotUce,
• I KOL'EKY AMI BAK; DOING OUuD BCsI-
VJ ness: price Sl2OO. 400 O Farrell st.
!f ' I>ES r Al'B T FOB SALE. APPLY 2b'2i
It Twenty-fourth st.
. I TTTsrlMf house wants KK.-PONSIBI.E
J > part] with 8300 to $400 to control business 00
tbiscoa-t; big; opening. Ap;>ly 10 MR. KNOVVL-
TON. Royal hou- 126 Ellis si., 9to 3.
. pillt sale CHEAP FOR CASH— nOTEL OP
X 40 rooms, with dining-room, kltohen: large
j " r!>nge. Fc-r particulars cail or tsddress 22 Sacra-
menti St., City. .
. SOMETHING NEW— INVESTED 'IN
■• ' who. e sale business ill realizi 200 per cent;
will bear inve-Ugaiion. E . box 7;- , Call.
.1 TJAKKKY AND NOTION STORK, WITH
• . «■ JJ furui'.ure of 6 rooms: roums rented and pay
store rent; will sell at a sacrifice. Inquire at Call
OlliCe.
TIOAHDING-HOITSE, BAR AND HOTEL.
I > with clubrooma aaached: averages 60 board-
ers; biz chance for a saloon and ho:ei man; Oak-
laud ratetrack. Address J. E. LIN NELL, Emery-
ville.
RANDSBU development co. will
'' W •XV sell l^ interest in Its property and business for
$5000 i it.-v; n.oney wanted to extend the business
ofco.-np'y; mining, real estate, commission. Osar
T. bback, 509 Kearny, E. F. Bean.Randsburg, Ca!.
1, OR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS;
r live corner saloon and rooming hoUrl; ceu:rally
loca:ed; doing good busioesi: no reasonab c offer
rt fused. (J*pitjl Hotel, Elevauth ana i-ranklin
sts., Oaklana.
/GENTLEMAN- PARTNER WANTED BY
VI young lady of means. Room 1, No. I' Fifth st. ■
f ;! VOR SALE CHEAP ON AUVI'M "F SICK-
• I -T ness— Well-paying baKery Ji /2 to 3 barrels cf
tiour usid daily for store irade. inquire at the
. premises, 34 Sixth St.
i 44)7- BA KB B KD v 7 NOTION ANI) j
-, «J*^. I >'■ ci^ar store: household goods; 4 living- j
-roomsi'^ickuesa 450:-ixtLst. -- - :'■*—: ■-. -1 • I
\ I 1 ENTLEMAN P\ 1: TNEII " wanted by
" ' I youn^ Eastern lady. Room 1. 1 Fifth st.
; TF YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR SALOON OR
X crocery for spot cash address j'.. box 120. Call.
|\ £.w>i'A.r*.xi r.ul/lr. i.s i.MhtUUK Ol f
I ' ilose to ftuu liiutlawg. t'\tc j.iuiicultrs ajjy./
, this omce.
\\l ANTED— PAKT.NEK WITH *4«,:)UU J.\ A
"» grocery and liquor home established . sine*
3663. Address A. V., box 39. Call Office.
viw PATENT, BEST OF ITS KIND, FORA
-Li moneyed man. 6-3 Golden Gate aye.
f. '* i-OUUING-UOHSIiS xOK hACE. •
t"oVfkr~for^Tle this day •"• ~~~~
1 for CASH or easy payments
THE following bargains
room house.. $700| 22- room house... $500
I' -room house.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 750
55 rooms, cor... 3,000: 14 rms 011 Sutler. 700
1! rs., must sell 20 1 66 mis, beit city .3.500
* 15 rooms, new.. 1.250' 31-ro"m house. . .1,400
.5? . 27 roomi, new. ; 8.000 110 rooms, corner.B,ooo
21 i> rooms, hotel. 10,000 11 rooms, on'y... 75
?,b rooms, centrl 2,500 10 rooms, Jones 300
— 1 SELL AND EXCHANGE REAL J-.STATE-
S — AND BUSINESS P.'.ACF.s OF ALL KINDS —
H. C. DECK-.K, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth. .
QA-ROOM, SUNNY COHNER HOUSE: ONLY
O\J $900. H. C DECKER, 1020 Market St.,
opposite Ftfth.
NY LADY W I TH ABOUT ~ J5OO AND BUSI
A uess capabilities can purchase business clear-
ing about $60, and become independent. A.M.
i? PECK A- C > 602 Market s:.
T.OR THE LARGEST LIST AND LOWEST
T prices in rooming-houses see UNDERWOOD
<fc CO., 765 Market St.
01*9nn LODGINt<-,HO.:SK;:B ROOM-: ALL
t££yj\J. sunny: rent $20 McBKA. 827 Mission.
" . EFORE BUYING OR Sh.LLING HOUSES OR
.1 businesses see A. M. ELKINS, 900 Market at.
**i| DBIRUUI J?OK BALE.
f - B"TKTiATNTTuRN ITURE OK g-R^SoM^uTusE
J) for sale; rent $32 50; clears its expenses.
I ■ lOOti Larkln st.
/IHAH. M. I'LUAI Jt CO.. L'PHOLSTEK.7' v-a
X/ 1301 MARKET ST., COR. NINTH.
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goon.
A[\l\ CARPETS; CHAMBER &1-. 1 .-S. $U
''' tiUU stove 3, $5: parlor «ets, $20: folding-bedi.
, i 10; bar outats. T. D. MCCARTHY.. 764 Mission.
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
■% ' lowest prices on household 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or gooi
■-| • as new: casa or on time; open evenings.
• V /VURNITURK OF 4 ROOMS, WORTH $90,
i o^eap. 514Va Jones st. . -
'^fuRSIItRE, STOVES. CARPETS. COUN-
£ ters, showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
IJ UckiNGltAM. FURNITURE CO.— LCJWEST
J-» pne-s; furniture, carpets: all trades. 866MUs'n
CI;AIXUiJJ3 WA>Tl5l>. ■
TTr r GOOD PRICE^KO'It' FURNI"
J. tnre and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
/IASH I'Aiu Puk E.nTIRE houses or
\J smaller lota of farnlture, " ctrpets, e:ft -J.
BOWCHER 223 Stockton: Bend postal.
HIGHER I'KlCn. i han anyvvhk"ke PAID
by Indian ■ Auction «'0,1057 .Market.opp.Jonei-
CAiiFEi' CLEANLN'U.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
W*. VJ cleans, moves, lavs carpsts. G. H. STEVENS,
;r# • Sttrr.,3B and 40 Klgiuh St.; telephone South 260.
•* . \VMtN VmI'UW i.'l,. l)I-oi>>TEi> WITH
: "JP • ** poor work toSPAULDING'S PloncerCar-'
'• 'pet-beatlny Works, 353-57 lehamast.; tel. So. 41)..
CA RPETS^LJSANEDLIKE N W. 23TENTH:
"\J u-l. south 36. D. BCACMNTUBH <fe CO. '
E. MUCHELL, CAUPET-cJLeaNING CO.,
• 240 14th su : cleaning 8c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.:
A RPE 1 -CLEANING. 3c; LAY iS i .73c: RUG
samples free; tel. Jessle944, Ktratton, 19 Bthsu •
KLIN'S" OABFKT- BEATJNU WORKS.
•\J 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East IJ6.
VC A V ARD AT GREAT WESTERN CAKPiiT-
I•> cleaning Works. li Elchth st.
f. . ATXOKSEYS-AT-LAW. .
Alvice~Tbee— divorce Laws a^peciT
. J\ ally; private; no charge unless successful; a.l
. lawsuits, cjulius, collfctions, will*, deeds, etc., at-
" tended to. G. vv. HOWE, ati'y-at-law. 850 Market.
DVICE FREE; NO CHABGK UNLESS SUC-
cessful. J. G. JEFFRI-.SS, 632 Market, rm.Z3.
« •• , p W.KING, CHRONICLE. BLDG; CONSUL^
I j-t. tatlon free: probate: all cases: fees low. ■
I ..• 1 A DVICK FREE: NO CHARGE LNLEBS.SUO
1% \^Vcessful. W. W. CaVIUsON 927 Market ai.
FHYbICIANS. l ■
TiR C cTt^D^jN^ETL7^r26V^lA"KKa'i\ COR*
U Golden Gate ay ; diseases of women v specialty.
PUOTOGKAPUEKS SUPPLIES. -'•
C'w. "HEM," THK LATEST CAMERA OUT;
. D . size B*4x*"& I'll tieary sU .
. "_;V/^ "v HOT7S1"«I TO lET.
A ROOMsTYA^tD^AND^iASEMENT; BENT
j cheap. 321 Tenth st. ' ' .
BAY-WINDOW HOUSE. 6 ROOMS AND
bath; stable. 1909 O'FarraU St. ■
ffl? I (* -MODERN HOU-E, 6 ROOMS, BATH;
«lp 10. lar.e yard and basemeut: furniture for
sale cheap. 9 Twenty-eighth St.
<Jt"i-J HOUSK OK 6 ROOMS AND BATH
<JJ)ZO. Apply 121 Pagest. |_ ;
5 ROOMS; S.S3B - CONJ) ST.: $15 PER
»J month. Key at 539 - ccond st. . -
7 ROOMS; 5378 SECOND bT.; »17 PER
• mouth. Key at Second st. j
-BOOMS; NEW TuHJSE: -MODERN IM-
-0 provements: 45 F.dera s.; $15 per month to i
desirable tenants. Key at 5.59 second st. |
l£«'J"7 r/» CHEAP: 105 Dr.VIsADKRO ST.,
JSO i .OU. bet. Halghtand Waller: 10 rooms;
bath. Apply H. JAUD*N, 314 Washington st.
Ot 1 o 7 "ROOMS AND BATH: NEWLY PA-
•JpIO. pered; cellar and yard. 2123 Mason at,
uUsir..-* 1O nt.Nl Km VKKY JLITI'LK
money at BALDWIN v. HAMMOND'S, lj
Montgomery st.
COTTAIiIiS to let.
- 1: nMs, bath; and stable;
•J rent reasonable. 1-0 Fillmore st. J
OZ Y COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS AT 711
Laurel *ye., near Buchanan st ; rent $11. Ap-
ply MADISON & BURKE. •
V O7 FELL— COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS; NICE
Ol yard: bisement; rent $11.
LINE COTTAGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
JJ basement and yard. 737 Treat sve,
nuTTAUk; 5 ROOMS AND BaTH. 236 COL-
V. lingwood st. " r .. . -
CIOTTaGE'o'f 7 ROOMS AND BATH: T.A RgE
\J grounds; suitable for chicken ranch or nurserv-.
168 old San Jose road, near N,ew York dairy: rent
cheap. • . .;
(j>Q IU $12: NICE. CLEAN 4 AND 5 ROOM
KrO flats; cottages at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st. -
'■.i,::. ?;.-: :: irLATS IO t.UT. 5
]| C I Ql MI SSION . NEA I L ELKY 1 •: N TH— B
-1 0i.0'4 large, sunny, papered rooms; bath;
laundry; water free
ARE (lIANCK FOR A GOOD TENANT;
beautiful 7-room ti| per flat: reduced from *35
to s2s; in warm telt cf Mission. I'aTTEKs-ON
<fc UOi, 2 Valencia su
1 £.99 1 URK— COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS; ALSO 3
-L «J_ —* rooms in rear; large stable: wagon shed.
Ql - PO>T— CUT OF 9 ROOMS AND BATH;
t/Xc) modern improvements.
rrilE MAYUELLE, 202 i-KUVf, CORNER
J. of Van Ness aye.— Sunny 3-room Hat.
ANT SUNNY CORNER TOP KLAT:
ntwly paiDlea: 7 rooms; bath. 52 South l'?.rk.
A 1 f\ KENT— FLATITf* ROOMS: GOOD CEL-
-0I v lur and y«rX 22 Chesley st., off Harrison,
tet. Seventh and Eighth.
<& 1p- BAY-WI.\DO\V FLAT— KOOJI7 14
«J^ J O. Moss, off Howard, bet. - x:h and Seventh.
<JJ- I(\ FLAT. 4 ROOMS.UALL, DOUBLE PAH«
«Jp JU. lor and yard. 160o^£ Stevenson s:., near
Eighteenth. .
<2i\Z. LO EB . FL AT, biZ CA6TBO*
»Jp 1.0. near Nineteenth, 6 rooms, porcelain bath;
$16, 3421 Guerrero 1 st., near Army, 4 rooms, por-
celain bath and basement.
\*KW FIKSi-CLASS FLAT 7 ROCMS AM) |
-L> bath. 930 Pine st.. near Taylor. |
71 1 FRA.n KLIN— SUNNY i- LAT 7 RUOMa
111 an.l bath: near Golden Gate aye
IPLAT, 3 LARGE ROOMS. BATH, CHICKEN-
' yard; $9. 32 Powell aye., nr. Twenty-eighth st.
9 NICE SUNNY FLaT>: S AND B ROOMS
— and bath; very reasonable. 2 and 6 Zoe s;.;
key iv grocery. •
1 (\ 1 TJI THIRTEENTH— SUNNY BAY-WIX-
jLU L_'^ dow uoper flat 5 rooms and bath; mod-
ern improvements; near Scott st.
~S« '_{ [ \ ELEG AN f SUNNY "1 OP FLAT. 8
tS>O\J. looms, 4 bay-windows: northeast corner
Broderick and orove'sts. Apply Broderick a..
*&1 A NEW F. AT 4 SUNNY l:OOMl\ j ATH.
, «lr-L"X. 26 Lloyd st. . off Scott, near Wa'ler. .
C)r> IA l SUTTER — " NICE SUNNY UPPER
Dl^ra flat: newly papered: yard; $15.
V/I'J ThHAJiA- FLAT, 3 ROOMS AND SUN-
OttO yard. "-.-
. . W j-L.vTa NOW READY; 3 1 O 8 ROOMS:
. $15 and up. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
4 -BOOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE. OFF FED-
era! St.: 10 a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 539 .-second st.
<2»».l J207" BL -H- FLAT 5 i:OOMs : GAS;
'V— 1 . bath: wat«-r free. Apply 1211b Bush st.
v - |- UKAKV -4 UNFIRNIaIIED"ROOMs.
i-O Key 217 Cte.'.ry st.
QJ I• j LO ELY SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE
«J J.O. rooms, bath, gas, mirror-top niuntels;
cars pass the door. 1512 1 astro, nr. TweMy-tiftu.
C. 1 « LOVELY SUNNY. FLAT 5 ROOMS,
«Jpl.Tt. bath and . gas. 3928 Nineteenth St., bet.
Noe and r-anchez.
i 9Q PROSPER al., OFF. SIXTEENTii. HALF
— O block from- Market— Lovely . sumy upper
modern 5-room flat: rent $15; water fr^e,
1 HEAP MODERN FLATS, 6 ' AND 6
\j rooms, $8 to $16; see them. 523 a Seventh st.
LA IS TO KENT FoX ViiRY LITTLK
money at BALDWIN <iE HAMMOND'S, 1U
sicmt-oniprv st. . • .
<Jj 1 9 FLAT OF FIVE SUNNY ROOMS AND
VJ — •• bHsenient- 706 Birch aye.. nr. Buchanan.
WL'viK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THtt
WEEKLY CALL, in wraDper. for maillnjE.
JttOtsjKKliliVtNO .J&OUMS.
Kddy Street.
3EDDY-ROOMB AT $2; LIGHT HOUSS-
keoplng permitted: also single, $1 25 up.
on' eddy"— FRONT ROOM, FOR~~HOUSE-
i>\JO keeping; also single; low rent; private"
family. . . . . .
i ii i Ii Street.
9] A FIFTH —SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
• 'l-'J dow room and kitchen, oath, 110 cnlMnn.
$12; also 2 sunny lront housekeeping 100 ms, $13.
I.UUICU (Jill,, auuw.
IQIC GOLDEN GATE AYE.— TWO NICE
i-OXO housekeeping rooms aud one sin.de.
Hiighi Street.
f)A HAIOHT-2 ROOMS;. FURNISHED COM-
Tlplete for housekeeping; gas stove and bath:
$12.
i.utvard Street.
1 1 9>> 1 HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT SUITE,
X J tLtdtt furnished for housekeeping; bath; $l*j.
; iinnl HOWARD— ELEGANT.FURNISIIED
I lXjO'a bay-window suite; $15; bath, etc.; new
flat. ;
■ . • Kearny Street."" '
nOl\ KEARNY-2OR 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
«-»>U for housekeeping, with gas or coal stove.
LH.ru.tn >.roo..
OQ LARKIN ST.- SUNNY FURNISHED
'xt.V rooms for housekeeping^ terms very rea-
sonable. ■ -
Mary Street. •
99 MARY— SUNNY* FURNISHED ROOMS
&+i for bousekeepmic; cheap. , -. ; « -. . ;
aiuAii jater hlltllli_ -
L*-\ Ql MoALLIRTKR-ONE FURNISHED OR
Dli/2 three unfurnished housekeeplns rooms;
pleasant.
■ ' Minna Street.
9Q-I MINNA. COR. OURTH— FURNISHED
-Ol housekeeping complete; 'also single and
double. ■; ' .►
\AC{' MINN A — FURNISHED IiOOMS FOR
O^V housekeeping; large yard.
Sllssion Street.
91 f?l MI=SION^ — NICE LARGK ! FRONT
I- "J3 rooms; cheap; also sunny back rooms.
097 MISSION— VERY FINE HOUSEKEEP-
O£j I ing room; $10. iV;.>f,,- ,
QC9 MISSION— B FRONT ROOMS FUKNISH-
OOIa tid for housekeeping,. ... . : :
QC9 MISSION— 3 FRONT ROOMS FU±i-
*J*Jid nl,hed for housekeeping. ,
Mosk Street.
I O MOBS, OFF HOWARD, NR. SEVENTH-
■XO 2 or 3 rooms complete for housekeeping.
Akluuis Street."* Q : J i" 'i I H-
-.","; NATOMA-2 ROOMS FOR HOUBE-
-000 keeping, with yard; rent 88. ;
: NintU &tr«o<.
-I Al -NINTH— NICELY FURNISHED FOR 1 j
Xtr I or 2 wl.h use of kltcben if required.
" Fine Street.' • . ''■",. i- ■■
C'f\Q PINE— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
UUt7 for geptlemeu or light houseke"!olng; trom
$5 up.' .•:•.-■■ ■'■■■ '-■■■*• .•■*-'■■'■ V. ••'•■■- . - ;■,;•:-" . .
Point LOOOl Avenue.
9-1 oa FOINT LOBOS AYE.— 3 SUNNY FUR-
*- 1— nished rooms; housekeeping; bath; $12;
no children. • ■■ - ■ . ■ ' ;
South I'ark. ,'
Q9 SOUTH PARK— I OB 2 SUNNY ROOMS;
O<<£ nicely furnished for housekeeping. ■ ■
. htucittuit Micct. , .
17HQ STOCKTON, COR. FILBERT-2 MUHT-
X. I UQ ny rooms, furnished complete: yard; $10.
■ i : 'lurk streoL. -;
991 TURK— NICE SUNNY UNFURNISHED
___.x rooms with baih: rent reasonable. ..." v
'Xwelftn Street.
Iyf C TWELFTH, COR. ' HOWARD-NICELY
I 'i*i luruUhed houaukeeping rooms; rent re-
duced. r*f -....:,• ,--.■.::,.;;.,. :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1897.
HOCSEKKEPIXO ROOMS- Continued.-
-\ ttu rsfs* A leuue.
1 091 VAN NESS AYE., NEAR GEARY —
J v/__J. Two furnished rooms anJ kitchen.
- . - - Juiiicellaneuuit.
O F. RENTING CO.. 53 CHRONICLE BLDG.
$16—6 W. F. rooms on California St. = .
SH4— 4 W. _". roomt ou Valencia sU
$15—3 Fur. rooms on Eddy st.
$18—4 Fur. rooms on Folsoin St.
$28—3 Fur. rooms on Goiden Gate aye.
19 — 3 Fur. rooms on McAllister st.
$27—3 Fur. rooms on Octavia St. . -
$35— 6 Fur. rooms on California st. ; . -_->;.
WO MODKKN PAKLOKS; GAS: GRATE;
X bath; 2 closets:- 8 windows: sunny corner on.
car line; priva c family; light housekeeping per-
mitted: furnished if desired. Addres3 li.. box 10,
Call ( ttire. __^__^_^__^__^i
IiUUMS TO LEI. .
l.udy Street.
r»Q7 EDDY-SINGLE FRONT ROOMS FOR
UO I rent; very cheap. . .-
Eighth Street. '
QIIERMAN APARTMENT HOTSR. i? 8 BTH
0 su, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
KLUi Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, ! 126 ELLIS — IVCANDES-
ceIit lights in every room; reading-room, con-
tAinlng dai.y papers; "smoking-room and ladies'
parlor;, opeu all nizl.t: rooms per night. 35c to
$1 50: week, $2 to$«: month. $8 to $30: fire es-
apes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready; hoc aud cold i\aler Ineach room: batus.
' hAKT. mr.nacr— A qnit>: house: rentrmlly lo-
cuted; newly uirnished: elevator; not <& cola wa.er.
yell Street.
-11 I 1 FELL— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
rtXrkx with use si kitchen; suitable for lady:
cheap rent. -■ '/ : '
•- 1 t«lfcoin Streui.
C9A FOLSOM, NR.Tou"kTH— SINGLE FUR-
O^U nished rooms; $1 per week. ' - '
Jb'uuon Streei.
11 £* FULTON — SINGLE, SUNNY, FUR-
X 1 O nisbed room, $4; also double sunny room;
cheap. • ' f - :•.
Geary Street.
997 GEARY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
— — I rooms suite or single; first class dining-rm:
,<1)O GEARY. COR. TAYLOR— St-NNY COR-
iOO ncr sui-e, with dining-room and kitchen.
Q 1 1 GIsIAKY - N VV I . V R'nTs. HK D
Ov/.L rooms; central: reasonable; newcomer flat.
.iRTINETTi, 1101 GE.vKY, SW. UoK. VAN
Ness— suites and sinL'les; newly furnished. '-
Golden Gate 1 . Avenue.
QQf' GOLDEN GATK- AVE.— NNY FRONT
OOU hall room: suitable for ceDtleman; $5.
r>)n»jOI.DK.V GA'I'E AYE.— ELEGAN I'LV
OS\J furuisned room; suite or single; pleasant
home: references.
i.uuunl Mrco..
QQQ HOWARD. CORNER SIXTH— NICELY
tiOv iurni.ilieit sul.es. $X.60 0 wi-ek: sijigie beds
$1 25 to $1 50: doub.e beds, $1 50 to $2 50 a week.
j io' j HOWABD— LARGE &UNNY BaY-
• I — Ott window- roam with grate; also single;
1 cheap.
9V/I ♦_> HOWAKD— LAKGE . SUNN V FRONT
• >TO roomand kitchen: yard; cas; bath; $12;
Mission warm belt.
Jtuight Street.
7Q9 HAIGHT, COrTsCOTT— LARGE SUNNY
I 'i-d furnished room in private family; closet,
statioucry washstand, tath; $10. i ■
Jones Street.
kl n7 -'ONES— THK VAN WINKLE: NEW
-U I management: elegant - sunny suites and
single: newly furnished: bath, etc.: $10 to $;-(0.
Kearny Street. '-^V.l:^ - T '- "?;•"■
'. PLfNOTON HOUSE, J27 KRAKST —
i\ Pleaaantsanny rooms, en pnlteand slngla; Urss
• Itbs Hi • vt-rv respect: termn rHasonatjlc
"VTI--W AVENUE HOUSK, 904 KEARNY ST.,
-Li corner Jackson— single rooms 15, 20, 26. 50
cents per iiisjht: special rates per week or month. ;
Leavoiiwunii street.
Qrvp LE A V WORTH — NICELY FUR-
»>UU nished double.-- single sunny rooms; run-
ning water; gas, bath. , - .'
JUarket Streot. : .
-I ]99M : A RK X T— NICELY FURNI3HED
X 1— .— sunny suite; reasonable rent. '
V* Ut»KM.JTK JiOlTslv. 104.> MAKKKI - rhß
1 nirhu Ssc 10 *1 ; week. *1 .'■(< to $S: famlll-i .
-iiaxiii Street.
9H9Q ma^on-4 large SUNNY rooms:
Zd\f£O upper door: rent $12. •• .••
' r McAllister Street.
qnr. mcalli^ter, nkar larkin- nice
OUtl sunny rooms;. private family: bath.
• Blinna' Street. . ';■■? :'.''■-
(K(\l MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU i nished bay-window rooms; $I. a week. '
Mission Street.
ANCOCK HOUSE, 781 M ISSION: SELECT
XX family rooming-hi use; $1 50 to $t5 per week.
Oak street.
JO OAK-UNFURNISHED FRONT ROOM,
"O $G; furn.shed bay-window room, $6; first
floor. . - — ■'
l«*4lt Street,.'-'; ,^";;
H\t)[\ POLK-LARGE SUNNY BOOM; SUIT-
IUiiW able for 1 or 2 gentlemen: ga-« and baW».
i-ost >; reee.
TAI PO ST -RA DoLPH HOUSK, COR.
O\J I .Mason: changed hands; thoroughly reno-
vated: 50 bav-wln ow par om; smaller rooms;
$l'sO to $4 ptr week: $8 to $18 per month.
/ 9Q POST — NICK SUN . HO>>ta; HOME
yJZiiJ comforts; American family; reasonatle. :
/>O I i'OST-NU r E"FURNIBHEI) "room"; GAS,
UOI water and bath: single, $5 a month.
. l-owoii Mrcnu '"":>■
II Qa POWELL — SINGLE AND DOUBLE
XI sunny oedrooms; terms reasonable.
Sixth Street. .
OQ SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; Ml conveniences; fireproof building.
1 9^. SIXTH-CHEAPE-ST IX THE CITY;
1 *~O nicely luruished sunny front rooms.
RUNoWICK HOUSE,-' 148 tixrii— OPKN
a 1 night rooms; 25c to? 1 per nieht, $1 25 to
*5 per week. J. G. DKAKIi, manager. ;
Stockton iuoe..
rTIHE EUROPEAN, i 7 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
: X nished rooms, en suite or single: ! hot, cold water
in every room; baths: elevator; transient solicited.
Taylor Street.
-I An TAYLOR — SUNNY DOUBLE ROOMS,
X \jO $2 week.; also large panor suite; cheap for
gents. . - . . ■ , . ' ....;. -.
lA(i TAYLOR— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
Xtt'Jny front rooms: terms rersonable.
.'. ... Xenth Streoc. . . ■ --
m TENTH. NEAR MARKET-LAROR
sunny room: light housekeeping If desired.
Tchama Streot.
AH TEHAMA— 3 NICELY FURNISHED C#>*-
t: • nccttnK ror-ms forhousekeeping; balb; $117 •
V *.~. '. i.lrci <ife 8 ;.
I 7 THIRD (IMPERIAL) — SUNNY FUR-
X I nished rooms; light housekeeping; traDslenr.
- I lauaoua. . ,
VfORTHWEST COP.. FIFTH AND MISSION*—
Ii Sunny front room, with grate; . single $9,
double $10. " ' . . , . . i
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free. : ::r., ';*■.'■:■•: -": ■•,■.:..-. ..-: ..:--'
BOAKIMNU AISO BOOMS.
oT rTTcALI POkNTA— FI Ksf^cXASS^OAR D;
Zil\JV excellent service; sunny furnished ruis.;
terms reasonable. ' • -. -> . • ;
ANTED-2 OR 8 respectable young
if men to room and board In private family;
terms reasonable. 819 Pine at. j : -
LEGANT FURNIfaHKD. ROOMS WITH OR
without board; all modern conveniences; loca-
tion finest in city. , SE. cor. Sanchez and Twenty-
flratsf. ■''•-.../ ;.... ... -'■ , .-/ :■;■■>,:,..:
t/» I GKAKY — 'EL MONTE," COX. TAYLOR
Ov/X st.; sunny ■ rooms wUh free use Of bath;
references; terms reasonable; also taole ouard. ;
Al 9 EDDY — LOVELY SUNNY PAKLOKS
Tti^j and other rooms, with board: $20 up. „-.
O'l>.L BERTH Ng7TF4 *ÜbH-A . FAMILY
1 hotel: .references; all modern conveniences, j
■ CIIIJLUKK.V • IiOAKI>JSD. " ' ''""■
OTHER'S PEKsONAL CARE; SUNNY,
healthful rooms; i sandy .' yard; wholesome
food; reasonable terms. • S.M., b.ix 121, Call. ; .'
"PLEASANT HOME FOR Si 'LITTIih, oIRL-s
J in refinpfl family at 1727 McAllister «t. - ..
FKOFESSIONAI. CAItI>S.;
TOHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICE'S. ROOM*
»J 2ii and i 27; Crocker builUiu*; ' uilepuona Uuu
75, Kan Francisco, Cal. , ; . . ■-.■-. ,
UH.V It. AITK.EN AN D MAU-RI.CEL. ASHEK.
atl>s at law, rma 515,51(5, siu floor, Parron j
BICYCLKS. - .
{[pTr«'. anteed high grade. .DAVIS BROS., 25
| Geary st. *v ;-:'•*-,■■■ -■■ : --»■...-•'-.■• --■•■ - ■*- ..,
... .. sTOItKS -TO I.BT. ;; ;
r99 SIXTH-STORE: J HP.EE " KOOM.S;
OJL— large yard; rent $12: water free. . . ■-. i--t ■ ■
"IJAKBEK-SHOP. WITH ■ BATHH; . ES A B-
X> llshed 16year$: $18 per month; key at 639
Second st. '; • ; ■""■ .
arpenter-ihop: $7 per month. 5 De Boom St.;
key at 539 S« ond -.t. ■
Piumbingshop; $d per month. 3 Eoom st. :
key at 5;;9 second It. .
! Corner store, 531 second St.; $14 per month;
key at 539 Second st. .
U OR 10 STALLsTo* LKT. 231 ASH AYE.,
1 O bet. Van Ness aye. aud Franklin st. r-
TORE. 1524, HOWAKD,' COK. i7AFAYETTE,
with fixtures: cheap rilft. '<!■ " L :.. :
T LOW ■ RENT— PAR i; O*\ STORE AND
ba'pm-nt. 324 Posl si. ~i .
OFFICE 4 TO i.XT.
E^SK^KOO^TI?rFTN^ET)F^ICK^nTI^^
use of typewriter. 7 City Hali aye.
ESK-KOOM TO LEfT^CiiEAP RENT. 609
Kearny st , room 8. ■ "
iiLsiCAL INSTKI/aiiSNTS. - '
AXE YOU CONTEMPLATING THK PUR-
chase of a piano. if so our warerooms contain
the most desirab'e stock from which to make the
selection; bargains forcash, insta lmenis or rent
outract plan:: we are selling some pianos for *3.
$4 anl $5 per month: beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, *3,.59 and $i 0 per month; no cash pay-
ment required larger than the nbove amounts; all
purchasers of vi right, pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for Steinway any
lime wilhlc 3 years from date of purchase -with-
out sacrifice SIIKKMAN, (LAY & -Co., repre-
sentatives of Steinway & son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and Mr.ter sts., San Francisco; also Oakland,
Cal.; Portland. Or.; Seattle, ash.
* YE. CHoICK "HAKDMAN UPRIGHT
J\. will be sold mediately at much less than its
value on account of a tormer purchaser now re-
quiring the cash • a snap seldom offered. We are the
t>Rents ior the Hardmnn: over 60 years in use. In-
quire of any of the 60.000 purchasers oftuis ex-
quisite Instrument nnd ther will tell you it sur-
passes all < others in durability, sweetness and
volume 01! tone i'ri.'< modera'e. beverat usid
piunos of excellent makes ai a fraction of their
former price. I'iano wnrerooms, second Hoor. Flood
building, Fourth and Market streets. THE J.
DEWING CO.. --'..:
\V X HAVE SKCUKKD THK AUKNCY OK
' • the wonderful Ivers <fc Pond pianos, a specially
lelected s;ock; all styies, uprights and grands:
just received; it is imi-ussible to make a better
piano: absolut-ly without a weak puin;; sole
asents for l\-ers & Pond, Llndemanr Connor,
Muehlfvld.'.llayneA- und,bi'iger pianos. J. T.
BOWERS <fc SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
JiMiLUThLY THEOLDI-.ST AN L.vRUEST
house west 'or ' Chicago Is KOHLER <6
CHASK'S. 26, 28 and 3W O'Farrell sU; piano 3, or-
gan-s and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades' and prices; terms eisy: prices lowest;
. everything pu^slble (ione 10 pleasa uud balisiy mij
cusiomer.
\UCAUI Til f. >>l/»l' IHAI.HAIN.S i.S i-t-
J\ anos; - fee our list ior thj.i week; • piano; on ${
$4, $5, $6, $7, $8. $ I J, $10, $15. $20; monthly pay-
ments; tine stool and cover with each; delivered ■
iree any where in ilia • city and kept tuned by ex-
r-ert' concert tuners. The F. W. SPKiSCiiU Co.,
talesrooms 883 Market s;.. opp. Mason.
AINKS». Bt'Mi-4 GEKTS ANI> KN ABE Pl-
anos: get our redureii prices; flue second-hand
uprights, $135; organs. $35. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post st.
LINE STEIN WAY UPRIGHT. JN PEKFECT
-T order, great bargain: French upright, $60; new
pianos very cheap: call and floe stock. 'illE
ZENO .MAUVAI.S MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
■pIANOS .S.M.I),' KENTKD, .TUNED, RK-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other hrtn iv tnu cttjr. J. HAKKY
KCOTT, 526 Hayes St. "
I.\ R ATOR'S SALE — MUST SELU
J\- pianos at Immense reduction for cash or on
ins ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
ELI.GANT Ypk i it PIANO: A BARGAIN;
slightly ns-d. 803Oolden Gate aye. - .
4J.C 11 >.MEKSON ROSEWOOD : PIA\O;FOR
i^.O\J. saleon *5 installments. 221 Leavenworth.
SHAW, STEINWAY $250, . CHICKEKING
$18S;!:reat b:ir(-ain»;s4 mo. 11E1NE.136 Kl'ls.
1/INK. UPRIGHT PIANO AND A HAItP
1 cheap. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank. I
"'.I r/i DKCKKK BROS.': IN GOOD ORDER.
JJ) LOU. BKUENN'S piano house, 228 Post.
UKAUTIFUL BKCUSIEIN: IN USE ONLY 4
X) months: sacrifice. E. W. LICK, lid McAllister. ;
\t AGNIFICENTSTKINWAY UPRIGHT AND
ItX bchubert: little used; sacrl 1019 Van
\\r G. BADGKK. SOLK Ai-KNT FOX HALLET
»» .& Davlsanil Francis Bacon pianos. 406 Sacta
YIIOX MA L Z V. . bO» PuSiT Si.-sOHMUt,
Newby <fe Evans. Bribes and other pianos*.
u pe k lUX VIOLINS, ZITHKKS, old NEW,
0 II:' MU LLEK. maker, repairer 2 i.a- ham place.
~~\ DULUKA WEJtK O.\ RENT CUNTKAUT
rV. buys new riann. . 136 Ellis st. ■ .
CJffcAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— TH
WEEKLY; CALL, sent .to any address in the
United states or 'Canada one year for $150, post-
UK -free. .- .' V tj'\ ■'.::;- . -. " -.
: JFOi; SsALli— illS-CfcILLA-NELKUS.
iToOMBTaPEKED,i?2 60 UPWARD; WHIT-
: XX enlng, tintim;, palntlne at lowest rates." •F.
EDWARDS. lv:00 Webster ru.. tel. Sleiner 235.
IriOK "SALE— FRESH DURHAM C W. AP-
. ply srofery-store. Eighteenth aud Danveri". ■'.
LOR SALK — PHOTOGRAPHER'S LKJSB
-T cheap. Apply fts9 .'iarrison street. f,:£
WO-HORSEPOWEK GAS ENGINE; PRICri
$75 .Gnnstore, 820 Kearny St. :
CANDY-STORE , AND FACTORY; GOOD LO-
V cation; will- bear investiga ion. Address E.,
box 73. Call. .. „ ,
'L O K SALE— FKESH FAM ILY COW. RED
y Fia?, bix-mile station ban Bfuno road •'
if FACTORY WJIoLi- SALE "PRICES— i'.AT-
-t\. Lan chairs, rockers, stands and odd pieces suit-
able for holiday presents. Skvii you half by call-
ing at once at Caltiornia Ratiau Company, 61
First st,- uear Mission. . ;.
BARS, SCALES. MIRROR-. • FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mi3slon.
OECOND-HAND SAFE; FI KKPKOOF; VtllY
0 cheap. D. N. ; UA\VLKY, 318 Market, si.
T>HIN PKESS. TYPE. ETC.; FINK
X Christmas present. HILL, 22V% Geary, r. 39.
VfATIUNAJj CASH KEi.IVI'ER, GOOD OK-
1\ - der; aleo large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st.
nUI-KEK MILL. SCALES, LETTER PKES3;
V./ stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Claj*.
ONARCH BLUE FLAME HEATERS AKB
the best. W. S. RAY MFO. Co., 12 California
1. ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
•' Ing, etc., 1 ought and sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
I uILERS,KNUiNES,-. D-HAN MACHINEUI'
lj WHler-pipes. Mclntosh<t Wolpman, 137BeaIe. |
NX SMALL Mf.UH'M AND LAKOE-SIZK
fire nnd bnrglar pruof snfe. HiO-lil Market si:
bKWi.NO MACillNliS. ■ L
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. EXCHANGED,
rented .repaired:- lowest rates. »U5 Fourth su
, U£DICAX.
A"^'^N "pTvV KiiKli^Y^rll^A'i'" IS » PK K FKCTL Y
harmless; never fails in any case cf monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may b-. Price
$5 to $10. No electricity or Instruments; never
makes sick to , make well: travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class homo In cuii-
tiuement. ■ l)r. <fc Mrs. Davles, . 14 'McAllister st.,
next Hibernia Bank. '■"•* CoobuK free; French pills
$2; hours. 9 a. m. to 4, 7 to 8 p. v.
-A I'ROCKSS THAT NEVER 1-AlLs TO XX-
A store every • case 'of monthly sickness from
whatever causa in a few I hours | when : medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every; case guaranteed:
ndvice- free: leims reasonable;- iirst-ciass priva-
home for coniinement. MRS. DH. PAi,EY, 11-JJ
Market st., over the Owl Drust store. j ~ - ■
R. ' FOULKTS FRENCH • C APSULEB— A
, guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no nm'-ter whet cause): positively safe and
sure; no dang<r or after effects: taken in time it
also acts .'as a preventive: price $160 per box;
sent free by mall i on receipt or price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye. » .. ■ ■•-. , ■..?.>■ ;..;:;.:
A:NEW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE, »NSTRU-
A meni or worthless pills ; used; every woman
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; ' restores I always In one day; caa
be sent and I used lat ' home; ■ a.l cases I guaranteed.
DR. .POPPER and MRS. DKS. NAIL, alB Kearny.
ALL- CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPKKs-SION
"re«tored in a few hours: safety assured at any
time; Instant relief for travelen: home in confine-
ment: consult free: confidential; hour*," 10 to 5. ■
MRS. DR. W YETH. 916 Post St., near Larkin. : ;
RS. GOODWIN, r SPECIALIST: LADIK3,
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed, 7 any
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill;
free diagnosis: iow fees: self cure. 904 MoAllisterst.
LPEAi 'S FRKNCH. FILLs— A BOON TO
li di'-s with female troubles: no danger; safe
and sure, $2 50 express C. o. D. ; don't delay until
too late. : OSOOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal. ..
SURE 'CUKK.i'OK'.ALL. ii'-MALfci
eases, from - whatever cause: home ie confine-
men: ; every : comfort: < Ratisfacilon guaranteeu :or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYER. Turk s:.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DX. JOKDAN AT
his museum, 10S1 Martcet, st. ; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of. fair treaimeu;;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. M . :
\TTCK PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
1.1 at the most reasonable price in the city. MRS.
AL ' PFEIFFER, midwife,' 2012 Foisom st. .;■>: '-:-.'.' ,
r f\(\ PAID FOR A CASE 1 FAIL TO CURE
«JS»JUU'of female'complalutsordiseasesof the
eye; consultation free. MKs.DK. SCOTl,3^sGeary
U PRAK'SFEMALKRKGULATING PILLS;.
safe and I etlicleut emmenanogue; $1 per box.
RICH ABDS & CO.,druggists. 406 Clay su.aole agts.'
HOME, AFRIEND -AND "MOTM "SB'TTcABE.
MRS. DX. FUNKE. 1416 Mghth St.. Alameda.
11- IRRKUULAR OKAN Y FK-MALtI DI-EASK
Xgee MRs.DK. J'UKTZ and be content. 4 1/ 3 4th.
,| >X, HALL, MCALLISTER STBKKT. NKAK
J-', Jones. .Disease.! of women ami children. j
■■ -' " ■ Vsv. -,';."; UOTKLS. ;,''■/, ,7. v-.s~;;i'
JJK^)O^L^r»ATSo?Kl?^2^*2iV?'^U^H?»^T^
• > board aud room $1 to .» $2 ■ per ; day, J6 to $12
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1; suite
11.011 s for family $i 10 »1 50 per night: .Urst-class
service; treecoacb-CHAKLKa MONTGOMEKYi
■ r ft: so?* at,*."
ANY ONE KNOWING THE WHEREABOUTS,
-fV of KATIK SCHMIDT, or KATIE FA.VDER-
ANDA, learu pomethinp to her advantage by j
ed.lressins A. FANDcIRANDA,' 2I6 Minna st.
T THIS PEOPLE'S OINK DoLIjAR MEDICAL
" Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029 Va Maritai »i., :
feet. >>lxth anil Seventh, , fean Franciaco. CaL .:'
<B»-I A K"E\VAKD FOR INFORMATION CON-
L\J cernin^ ARTHUR LAMBERT, who left
home December 19; age 16, height 5 feet 8 inchrs,
dark complexion, brown • na'.r, left. eye artificial.
C. M. LAMBERT, North Temescal, Alameda Co.
I EADING AMATEUR DRAMATIC COM-
XJ pany wishes a young lady to take the leading
part in a dramatic performance. Address L., box
9, Call Office. . . . ■'. '
QTARTLING REVELATIONS. .
O The incapacity of medicines to reach RHEU-
MATISM and NEURALGIA in spite of the per-
sistency with which they are used by every one
bui h-ips to empuusize the fact that i>R. ITH'S
ELECIRO-MEDICATED BATHS never fail to
reuch the most stubborn cases of these dreud dis-
ease.), i If you are suffering you. too, cau b- cur«d.
I COMK AND BE HEALED. Try DR. SMITH'S
CATARRH INHALENT: sure cure; 50c boltle.
Aadresi 1533 Buchanan st., .s. F. ■. .. . ■ i
AIR-DRESSING THAT l» IS EAT AND AR-
tlstic and that suits the face, only 25c: sham-
poo (with patent dryers) and plain hair-dressing.
Due; Quinonia hair tonic strengthens the hair:
price 3&c. O. LEDEUEK, 111 Stockton St., near-
est Geary. - . \
riUIE ANiMATOSCOPf-, THE PERFECT
JL screen . machine. ' For price 'of hand or motor*
machines call or aiidress A nimatuscope Company,
933 Market st., Sim Francisco, seventh floor.
R. C. E. FARNI'M HAS MOVED TO THE
Parrott building, over Einporlum, 3d 11., r. »03. i
KALTHY BABY FOR ADOPTION. MRS. i
DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alamcda. . ~- t -
ADVICE FKEE; DIVORCE LAWSASPE-
ciaIIy: privato; no charge unless successful:
all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. G. W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 860 .Market
IJUPTURE AND PILES CURED; No PAY
il until cured: send for book. DRS. MAN*
FIELD A PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market St. •
\\riLLIAM SUUKLLS. BETTER KNOWN AS
" WILLIAM SHIELDS, machinist, son oTA.n-
THONY SUUELLS, Glasgow, Scotland, is re-
quested to communicate with the secretary of the
St. Andrew's society," Scottiiii Hall. 11l . Larkin
St., San Fraticlsco. Any person having' lnforma-
tion as to the whereabouts of the person referred
to during trie last five years kindly address «s
above. ANDREW WILKIE, President; W. C.
COOK. Secretary. ,
STENOGRAPHIC SPEKD CLUB NOW BEING
O organized at Heald's Business i ollege, 24 Pos'.
St.; the club will meet two evenings each week
(Tuesday and Thursday); club tees ft s'Jaruontt>.
'PRIVATE DETECTIVE OKK ■ DONE AT
-L reajpnable rates: 10 years' experience; best of
references given: bII matters strictly confidential:
ud.ii or call 2'J3 Stevenson. A. D. WEBSTER.
AGNISCOPK — NEW PROJfc.CTI.NG MA-
chine; uses the Klneioscope liiins; price $250.
BACIGALUPI, 946 Markets!. :
fLC PEK DRINK: 85%0LD IiOURBuN: ATOLD
0 Kentucky Liquor-store, 227 6th st. ; new man-
nsenient; fine wines and liquors for family trade.
UINONIA HAIR TONIC- STRENGTHENS
and invigorates the hair: at 35c a bottle I sell
' it; I dress hair, any siyle, for 25c; shampoo and
plain nainiressing, 50c; switches, $1; by means of
a perfectly harmless preparation I can restore
] gray or beaihed hair to its natural color. G.
| LKDKRKK, 111 Stockton St., near Geary.
IP REE FXUIBITION TO-DAY — RESTAU-
J: rant, hotel men and private families cordially
invite.l to call ai;d Inspect Pr^ngel's new broiling
system; mea*. broiled by this process remr.ms
tender an.i retains nil juice. Ladies, no black
ringers or soot; an rani parlors <onnected wi.h
exhibition: meals, American or Europtaa styie;
.highest gold medals. 124 O'Farrell st, ■
pARTINi.TON'S. school of MAGAZINE
J and Newspaper I. lustration — The Christinas
va'ation extends from December 18 to January 4,
1897. Pirticularsat 424 Pino st.
Li URNEi i COitN OOKK-aUKIi CuHf. t\»ti
JJ corns, bunions, warts: 25c. 1 327 Montgomery.
ylill'sCU.AA'r.ll. ruiissiSU, $1; REI'AIK^
Odyeing done. 131Moutcoraery,r. i 6 tel.red '2374.
\\r ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER JIAXG-
'• ing, painting etc., by contract or >iay's work, at
your own price. N.K. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st.
Ci« I A DOZEN — FINE I'ABJNETo Ai WiiJ.
tjpl SON'S OalLery. 1028 Market.
lUHbsT PRICE PAID FOR 2D-H VND lA-
dtes' ee i its' clothes. Mrs. HAUK 316 3d.
I<lG. OUIDUOK STERKOPTICON -HOW EVE-
: fXJ ry night cor. Market Riid Sixth s'.s.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi- I
ness. Consult OWL aDV. Co., 1140 Market st.
I?L CTRIc LIGU Tn EVERY ROOM;
-i Winchester House. 44 Third st., 11 r. Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 ier night: $1 60 to $6; per
week ; free bus and baggage to and irom the ferry.
AVh YOUR FEATF. R D 3 AND PlL-
lows filled. McC.iBK'S, 870 Jiission, cor. sth.
IVORCj-. AND A>NUL.MENi' ml- MAR-
riage; terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where. ■ Address locic.box F, 906 Market St., H. F.
■ I IBERaJTauVA^CES DIAMONDS, j fc. W-
-1 * elry, eta: lowest rates. . 948 Market at. .■. ';
: 1 f\fif\ CARDS, 9rSU. >- SHOW IjARD-', ETC.
IUUU Tel. Blaclc 141. iH ILL, 22y 2 Geary st. t
P AZOR EXCHANGE, : tibO A RKET— BASE-
j Xt ment; odee put on mzqr for 25cents..
ATCHEsTdiaMONi/js jKWKL»y OK A uti
kinds at reduced prices: mus: movo; tiUiluUig
to be torn down. * 5 aud 7 Third st.
LOAKS. FURS AN I' SUITS RETAILED Al
\J wholesale prin»i. Fnctory. 20 Sansorue st. '
. GHFAPEBT AND BE3T IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United Stales or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
cce free. ; ■ ■• " \
- l.iihivU.lKtliv
SUITS MADE FROM *3 UP: SKIRTS, 75c:
capes, $1; ti _enaranteed. 559% Stevenson st.
;"■■:'/ :'„ '.. : CJLAJLHVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLAKK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modt>r:i times- Don't fail
to nee her it you are Interested in the aliairaof life;
j if n.arriago, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
| vorces, separations, lttwsur.3, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or .stolen
! property, lost or absent friends, interest you: if
! you care to know what you should do to be suc-
{ cessful, where you should go and whom to avoid,
! when to buy and sell siuc^s, etc.: in a word,' what-
{ ever may be your trouble, suspicions or iiesires,
call on this gifted | woman > and she will send you
away happier, wiser and . bolder than ever before.
Hours a a. m. to Bp. if., strict. N.B.— Sa isfaction
guaranteed by mail. ■ Send stamp tor pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLaRK, 1206 Mar-
ket st.. uarlors 25 and 26. Take elevator. ■- : |
ME. DX. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVcA'L-
er by eges and cards; tells. entire life, pas:,
present, tnture; consultations on all affairs; . noth-
ing exceptsd; names given; ' good advice: sure
help; restores lost lov^ by svnipatny; mistake im-
posslble: fee 31; lelters2. 929 Post «t., nr Larkin.
AN FRANCISCAN^. IS THERE 1 ixIclvEKY
*.; , . AND HUMBUG? • .
PROF. WILLIAMS, the World's Me>ium. chal-
lenges creation by his astonishing feats in clair-
voyance. Bring him your business, speculations,
sickness and love affairs. Appointment till Tues-
day next. Box 154, Call. • ■■* ■'•■ ■■'■■'-.* '■■'■ -• - ■ ■ :
YPSV LIIE-READKR : KKMOVKD : TO 3
Seventh sU, nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 60c.
\l ISSMELVINA. CLaIKVOYAN PICTURE
IVI future band or wife, 60c. 766 '/a Howard.
Til ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
iVJ business advice: names given; 26c up. 6 Fonrth
ME. MORKAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and medinmlnclty: fee 26c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. HANSKN, PALMIST, CARD-READKR;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th St., r. 6.
mk. LEOKTTE, CLAIRVOYANT AND BtJa
advice; 26c; one price. | 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
ME. HAN.-.EN THE-BES 1 FUTURE-SUC-
cess assured ;r 2sc; one price. 41 Minna st. . •
ME. -CHMIDI', CLAIIIVoYANT. TELLS,
past, present and future; success to all; for-
tunes by mail; low urices. 806 Mission st. :: . 3 .
YI'SY l QUEEN HAS RETURNED: MAG-
'! netlc healer and card-reader. It. 1 ana 2, 1
Fifth - --■ ;-•' •••-• ' /•-'• ■■■•••■.■.-'. ,
MMX. MABEL WOODS, CARD HEADER AND
iVi '■ magnetic healer; charms. -Rm.' 8, 207 Post st.
R-. B. BaCTmaNN, BKST-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant in the city. Residence 182 Turk st. ■
ME. WALTERS OV TEHAMA; CARDS: LAj
dies, 26c; gents, 00c. > 961 Mission, nr. 6th. '
ME. RUTH HARRISON: OF K. V., MAG-
netlc heaer; card-reader. -R. 17, 109 a Powell.
rOKTUNKSTOLDUY BOTH MOTiiKK AND
X daughter: .truths. 1(535 Hyde st. ■':-■• j. : . ."■
MX. S YBILLiC TKLJL-. JTiUJM . (JKADI.r. TO
grave: pictures civetnlßdles iisc: V l4 -■ ■'.'■';»rr«»ll.
"' ■."bi'lAilXOAJLiibJkl.*;,,-""... v. ": ' \ . !
MME. OSMAN, TRANCE MEDIUM, INDE-'
peDdent card-reader, life readings, love aftV lrs,
business. mining speculations. 83S Mlssioo st. : .
•_»^/- MCALLISTER— MRS." C. J. MEYER;
*jZi\J test meetings every uight. 10c- Tue.,Wed.<t
FrL, 2 r.M. ; trance cir., Sat. eve 25c; bus. niitingssl
VI RS. -'J.J. WHITNEY, 1 - CLAIRVOYANT.
iVi . trance lest medium - and -- life j reader. 218
Stockton st.'-., ....-;.;-..;• ",. .. . ■ . ■. -  % % : . ...V;
RS. HiLLIS. MEDIUM: SITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
circles Tues.; Fr».. 2 p. ; it:,'. 25c. j 233 Valencia.
m. Francis, , INDEPENDENT SLATE
I' writer. 118 Hai-h: St.; hours 9 until 6 PM.
;.V ■ ; ; ", ;-. '.;" ASXItOt-OOK. "■ ''■■':'/*:'/.:{ : .
YOUR LIKE— THOUSANDS TESTIFY I XX-
X veal past and futnre: send 26c ; for character
sketch and diseases: birthplace, year, s-*x, month,
hour, a. m. or p. m., if possible. PROF. BaIRD,
Astiologer, box 469 c, San Jos». Cal. ir .' .-,. .;.-.-. , :
•"■.--■ '-■' 1% HYI'N'OTISM. , , \ ; : ■
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY, TAUGHT;
success »rrtd.HvpnotieMesmerlclns,6 O'Farreil
: I :,':'.;.^.; ,\ '/,. SIOKAUK. -■] ;.>" •: ; ." ■%" i -'r;."' ?
TORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITYTFrRK-
proof building; advances made. 2il Lurkln. f
JTUKNITLRE. PIAJSO3, TRUNKS: AD-
l Tances, uhipping. CHAS. JU TAYLOK,'.'O41 J
: CITY ESTATE. .... . .
Oil 1 • A A BARGAIN IX ,'AfiIUHK JUr-T |
J tjU. built: 4-room and bath cottage; with
large basemetit. %U Dew; close to Mission-st. car
line; »100 .down. VIS monih:y..- JACOB HEY-
MaX owner^ll Montgomery st.
i(\(U\ Fo"n fAIiK OR EXCHANGE.
. O~IV/U\/. ; New cottage on 23d aye.. East Oak
laud; 6 rooms und bath: li'gu basement; br.ck
foundation; bay windows; lot6Jxl6O. >■ * '- ■ 1
G. H. UMBSKN & CO..
-•■ v .. ■ 14 Montgomery «t
COITNTKY KKAL IiSTATK.
, TTOJi i ESTE ■ Ap?— " N ICE LOCA'I ION , $200 :
JJL back soil: trout stream;. large limber. Call
in 531 aliforni: . St., room 1. j
Lvii- .-A,.r.-iuo AUJtfcb.vVKLL IMPROVED
JD properly, now rented lor $500 year; sltua c
in Bishop, Inyo-Couotr,' Cal. LHy property will
be accepted in part payment: property. between
second aud Fourth, from Market to Howard sts..
preferred. - Apply to 261 Minna St., or room 1, u"J:i
Montgomery st. ' ' ■ ' . „..  .
<Si llk i\f\f\ 16!) AI'KES OF li.i.M), ONE
tip lU.vvJU. raiie ftom Delano;, a beautiful
country home, with residence modern style of '8
rooms; 5 years old; b acres of a bearing orchard,
consls.ing of cherries, orange, .. lemon, peach. !
pears, apples,' plnms, apricots, berries, etc.; plenty i
of water to irrigate: tine barn and outhouses: soil
very •productive; ■ will excl.anse - lor , improved
property- in Oakland,. Alameda. Berkeleyor >mi
Jose; title clear. F. li DAVIS, De.uuo, Kern
County, Cal ' . " . '
ffl.Q'n/| 16J ACRKS OF I.AMD. A HALF
! »IpOiJU\/ 'mile from depot site, on tbe new
! Valley railroad, supposed to be cbmpleu-d within
! one year; 30 . acres lenced: ■ 3 good • welis, barns,
trees, etc.: : will . exchange for Improved property
in Oakland, Alanueda or Berkeley; title clear. F.
K. DAVIS. i),-iano. Ki-rn oun;y, Cal. • • . ■'.<
M.\RIN LO.; KOOO acres; 2ti mues irom. tity;
lots any size: fruit, grain, vegetable land; rail
i or water transit; $40 to $75 per acre: lermi to
BUlt. SYNDICA I X IN V'T CO., 65 Chronicle bid*.
iiND FOR ILLt>aTKATiiI» PA.UPULET Ol''
California lands for sale by H. FKANCLS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building, San Francisco.Cal.
* LAMEDA LAND-COMPANY IS JsKLLING
A the cheapest fruit, vegetable and grain I land
ever offered in Alameda county In small tracts; 1
! nitle from Pleasanton, iy 2 hours from Han Fran-
i cisco; price S-0 to $40 per acre: half cash: owner
must sell; liilu perfect; investigate. C<7 Curoui-
cie buildin?. . ■ .. ■ , « . .
11TLE ilOMKjj, CLO.Sii T«J TuW.\. IM-
■i proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
en 8 and 10 years' crtdlt. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; «>very Monday at 632 Mnrk«r st.. K. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 008 BROADWAY.
~ OAKLAND ■; KBAIi '-■ KSTATE.
ACHARMIG HOME; BEAUTIFUL 8-ROOM
2- s ory residence in an Al neighborhood; 10
minutes' walk 10 station: 8 roO'iis and bath; all
modern conveniences: price, $4000, re (need from
$6500: must be sold. A. H. BREED & CO., 460
Ninth St., Oakland.
<Cj7;^ TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
0 • *' lots In the town of j-ltcbburg; a new sta-
lion established near Oakland, on the Hay wards
end San Leatidro local line, by the Southern I'acitic
Company; only 45 minutes from >an Francisco
and 6 minntes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew . minutes: ivnm to suit buyers. Apply to
C. M. KUNKLK, owner, 915y Washington st.,
Oakland. Cal. ; .
Ui* 1 en LOTS NEAR THK ALTENHEIM IN
«3) I O\J. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a weex : selling fast: good improvements.
H. B PINNEY. owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
7 \VEii.K-S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
a. WEEKLY CALL, la wraDDer. for mailing.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
.«T.A3TKT>.\. BJCAti rSTAT^.
ATioTr^-^Sb^CAS^T^BXLTKTE^itt^eB
JJ per month: nice 7-room and bath lious ■ (also
servant's room), 0:1 Clinton aye., 3 b.ocks 10
local train: lot 50 feet front; line sand beach for
bathlni Address WM. P. TODD, 1002 Broad-
way, Oakland. . ■:
'«t/l 1 C\f\ NEW AND MODERN HnM£ OF
»Jjitt J.UV* 7 rooms; large lot: in good neighbor-
hood; terms, small cash payment and monthly ln-
slallnients. JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY,
1364 Park gt.. AlamedaJ : •-' '
> l'KOi'liliXl! TO KXCHAXiK.
T^END FoTToUR LIST OF ORCUARLi HOME?
O for sale. WOQSTUR & WHIT TON; San Josa.
fTUMBER— l-»OACiti.S; KEii-N CO.: PLENTY
J wHter: racplipn^ s'oclc fKinh. N.. boxlH. Call.
-. ,' ' \ SluMKk" IO ' LOAN. ..[.Tf ;■
Sonn i\r\f\ at«v» cent ON CITY
*.A'U.*'Uv realty, also Oakland, estates, life
insurance, second mortgatien, any sum. Maunattan
Loan Co.. 10 Mills building, grouud lloor. ■ '■_-■- :. ■
r 'A JVVZTcES i/_\ ■ iMAMONIig.' WATCHES,
A Jewelry; also on furniture; pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELit*
STORE, 948 Market st. ; open evenings. . '• "
NY AMOUNT: lbT, i'D.OR 3t)MOK'J'GAUES,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture - and ■ pianos '• without - removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 8. -.'-« . .1
Wl>E AND SAVE ISTKRKST — MONEY
loaned on : everything. I Cut Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. Pledees for sale cheap.
IKECT O.\ YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no deiays: no commissions: low
Interest;. .-, Km. 68, l>onobu-> b!dg, 1170 Market sc
Q! Q'>>f\ ( \(\(\ AT -UANK KA'l'K.i: l&T AND
t£i O~O.\J\J\) 2d morteages. estates, rents, etc.;
It-nd as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE.
Apply MADISON &■ BURKE, -
:.. •-:.: , " ' ;■!::.;.■ . 626Marketst.
(SfQf\ r>AA ON IST AND 2D MORTGAGES
<3>OU.UUU and furniture. QUINN, 53 Chron-
lcle building.  . . '. •;■■■■• ::-<m
N FURNITUUK AND PIaNOS: WARRANTS
\J cashed. SCRIBNER <fe Cv , 7 City Hall aye.
■ filj-/\ TO $60,000; LOW ks»T IiATE: ISV A iU
. tS>O\J mortgage: flat or instlmnt. Dryden, 535 CaU
4 DVANCK-S ON DIAMONDS, JEWELRY,
J\ Columbia Loan & I ollateral Office, 9 Graut aye.
"PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security, low interest. box 15. Call Office.
. ;.'-; , rAVV.NBKOK.ISRS. : , *J ; . _
TTIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST OF?
JJL clothing. CoßmopoMtan oan Offlcp. 49 Third.
-. " : tiKANCIAL. '. ; " -'-'- ■":'■
TV? ANTED — ON CITY PROPERTY
»T worth $1400. :• Address Loan, box 96. Call.
HOKSKS.
JA HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
*JU buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arrade Horse
Market, 827 Sixth st.: nuction ' sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN <fc DOYLE, Auctioneers. 1
fllHt EMPORIUM bALi.b YARDS, .220 VA.
I J. lenda su, Is the place to go It . you want to buy.
cell or exchange horses,' buggies, wagons or hat-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
tn/j SET NEW AND toECOND-HANI> HAK-
i)UU ness: all kinds: buggy, wagon, carts, surrey :
& rocka 40 cbeap horses. 15th anil Valencia.
C/\ HEAD DRIVING 'AiVU WORK HORSES;
JU weight JOOO to 1700 lbs. SB2 Howard st. .: ;
". WA(iO.\i j A>U \ < CAKUIAOJSS. ibs£]
pOOD : BUGGY- FOR" SALE CUE Ap" AT 720
1 Vjr Natoma st. : ■ " V" ' : % " v " *■" ■ ' ."■ "•'■ ■
TRUSTEKS* SALJES. /'
f^RUSTE^S^RALfI— nTA^JCORDANCE^W ITH
i. the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by CHARLES K.
WILLIAMS ana HARRIET. A. WILLIAMS (his
wife), parties of the first part, to HENRY C. CAMP-
BELL and TUADDKUS B. KKNT, trnslees.partles
of the second part, and the SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party of the tbird part, dated ;
June 7th. 1889, and recorded in the otlk-e or the
County Recorder of the county of ->hasta, State of
California, in liber Xo. lof /trust deeds, at pages 67 !
and following, and lin | pursuance of a resolution
passed on the IS'th day of November, 1896, by the
board of directors of said SAN FRANCISCO SA V-
INGS UNION. 11 corpora ion, and the hoider of the 1
notes (No. 9398). to (secure pa. menr of which the
aforesaid deed of irust was executed, declaring
thut defanit had been made in the payment of the
principal sums and other Minis due. under said
notes and deed of trust, and requesting and direct-
ing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL and TH AU-
DEUS B. KENT, trustee*, to sell the. real estate
described therein to satisfy said Inaebteduess. " .
- We. HENRY C, CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, dohereb. give notice that on
TUESDAY, ihe 2-th d*y of January, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that da>, aid at the auction
salesroom of Easton, Eldrldg.- & Co., 638 Murket
reel, iv tho City t>nd County of San •■ Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidaer, for cash ln-eo.d coin of ■ the
Uuited States, thu pieces or parcels of land situate
iv the county of Shasta, State of California, de-
scribed as fo.lows, to wlf -.'■■' l-.":*:"-'-- '-.">. =• -,".-"
. According :to r the official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United Slates :
' In'townsDip.tweuty-ninu (29) north, range four
(4) wist. Mount Diablo base and meridian; - •*
v Of I section : two . (2), tbe east half of tne north-
east quarter (E. i/h Of NE. 1/4), the nortnwen quar-
ter ot ill ■ northeait quarter (NW. 14 of NE. 14),
aud the oortheas. quarter of the northwest qQiu-
ter (NE NW. 1/4); :'- '.?:-'W '.■:■ " ■ •
In township thirty (»0) north, range four (4)
west, .Muu.il Diablo base ani meridian;
' Of section twenty-nine (-9) the whole; ... '..
Of ction thirty (30), thesoutheast quarter
(SE. 14), and 1 :■: ''v ';.'■*;:•*■ Cv ■--■
;; uf secUon thirty-flve (35), the east half (E. Vi)J
.•'.;" Containing in all one thousand two - hunured aud
eighty (1280) acres 01 laud, more or less; together
with the appurtenances ' •:•'•■ —i- '-' ■ ■ ■'- : -.-
TKi.Ms of; SALE— Cash in gold coin of the
United Slates. 10 per cent I payable to the under-
sls;ued ou the fall or the hammer, talance on de-
livery of deed, and if not 'so paid; units* for want
of title (ten days bring allowed for ' search), then
siiid 10 per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to jbe
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. ■ -.;.-. ■, .
.HKXRY:cVCAMPBKLL,.l T . „.".:
''^ ' THADDKUS B. KENT, '; irU3lees ' -
:::_-: . •.- l^i , , Ij J o . ST ; .'.':..' .:.:...;.'.
3O^T ON NFW YKAR'-s DAY A HLACK
-I ostrich boa while goin;: to Golden Gate Par*
via Hai;ht st. Kt'turn to 919 Market sl. and re-
ceive $2 30 reward. '
OST— APAWSBOuK WITH THE HIUhKXIA
J Savings and Loan Society of san Francisco, in
the ntim» of Ei»A K. DON A LD (No 212,914.).
finder will please tiini to bnnk.
IOST— WHI E BULL ThKRIKK: AN'sWKKs
-i to name of Billy; wears red leather collar. witti
nailbead ornaments. Keturn to '^524 Broadway,
B. F. : reward.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5~ CENTS — TES
>■ \ >\ KKKLY CALL. In wrapper, for wailing.
fcIKTHB— 3J AKIU AGES— DEAIM
. [Birth, marriage and death i:otic«>s sen: by mall
will not b-> Inserted. They must be handed in a;
either of ihe puhlculon offices and ba indorsed
with the nanu-anil residence of persons authorized
to liave viie tame published. J
UOU.V.
COIIEN-In this- city, January 3, 1897, to tha
- wife of N. Coven, adaugh;er.
Sl NGER— January a, -1897, to the wife of L. L
Mnger, a son. . : . • ■ .
HAItKUQ).
LAWRENCE— WARD— Tn thU city. December
31, 1890. by the Rev. James Fell, John Francis
Lawrence "and Sarah Ann Ward, both of . San
Francisco.
MATTHEWS-RICHARDSON— In t Is city. De-
cember JO. 18-3'!.- by 'Judge G. W. F. Cook,
(inu-.es T. Matthews and Mary Richard
both of San FrancUcj. •' -' -• .'
- Ullil).
Ang.in. William W. Lan?, Milton L.
kmuti. Frank H. Looman, K. T.
liourglu. l'l».re Luelllng, W'lll:am H.
D'rh.wn. Hey J. 11. McGowan, B.
Donnelly. S C. • .- McWade, Ada K.
Gleasoii, Brilget XL Makln, Cornelius .
Han'tin, Dennii C. Morton, David W.
Haas. Geor?a\ ' '" Piper, John ■
Jlu?an. Jiiraea il. Palpps. John L,
Holsworth,.R. P. Kieve, Anne .* .•.-,'--
Hess*lmeyer, Dorothea Ruttle, David H. '
Kennedy, Thomas t Simon, Berahardt
Knorp, Albert F. * Tuttle, Mrs. Cornelia
Warren, WiUiam J. >
ANGLIN-In this city, January 1, 1897. William
Wallace, only und beloved son of Thomas and
Mary- Angliri, and Drother of Nelly and Kitty
Anulin and - Mrs. George L. l'o»elsoii, and
nephew of Patrick and Annie - Augliaanl Kate
llynii. a native of San Francisco, aged 17 years
and 6 mouths. ' .•
43T*Frlendi and acaualntancei are respect-
fnlly invited to attend th» funeral THIS D.VY"
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from the resi-
dence of the parents, 721 Minna street, thence
to >t. Joiep:i's Church, Tenth street, .when.' a
requiem high mass will oe celebrated for tha
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
a. ic. Interment Jlouuc Calvary Cemetery.
BROCKM VN — In this city. January 2, ISH7,
Frank if. BrocKman. a native or San Francisco,
a,-."l V 8 year«. . . .- .
*3"Funeral services will be held THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. At the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
pnvoie. • ;
BOURGIN— In Oakland, January 2, 1897. Pierre
Bourgin. a native of France, aged 72 years.
DERHAM— A solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late
Rev. J. H. Derham. O. P., THIS DAY (Mon-
day), at 9 o'clock a. v., at st. Dominic's Church,
Steiner jtr^e..
DONNELLY— Vallejo, Cal., January 1,1897,
S. C. Donnelly.
GLEASON— An anniversary requiem hi?h - mass
will be celebrated ior the repose of the soul of
tne la:e Bridget 'Mary Gleason THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m., Iv st. FraucU
Church. Vallejo street, j
HANIFIN— In this city, January 3, 189 7, Dennis
Charlej, beloved son of Margaret and tbe late
Daniel Haniflti, and brother of Maurice and
Timothy Hanifiii and Mr«. W. Shields, a. native
or San Kraucisco. aced 9 years and 2 months.
83-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuesaay). at i! o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of his mother. 1j34 Howard street. Inter-
meu; Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HAAS— In this city, January 3, 1897. Georsa, be-
loved husband o* Amelia Haas, and father of
George W.. Maud, Reuben, Pearl and Walter
Haas, a native of Germany, a^ed 06 years.'
jJ3"Fri-nds and acquaintances aro respect-
folly Invited to attend tun fun-n'. TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at - 1:30 o'clock p. it., from the
Masonic '1 emple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspice* 01 California com*
mandery No. 1, K. T. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.- ;
HAGAN— In 1 . South San Francisco, January I,
1b97. Jamai Harold Hagan, a native or San
FranclscD, aged 16 years.
HOLSWORTH— In this city. January 2,1897,
Raymond I'ercy, dearly beloved aid youngest
* son of Edward J. and Mac L. Holsworth (nee
O'Connell. • brother 01 Edward . Holsworth and
grandson of Mr. and Mrs. John H ols h aud
John M. aad Mary' J. O'Connell of , San Diego,
a native of Sau Francisco, aged 3 -months aii.t-
-•l odays. fSan Diego and New Orleans capers
, please copy.] . ... .. ;•, . ;.
JtyFriencH and ocaualntance* «r» rciMC"-
fr.lly Invited to attend rtii» aerai TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), -at 11 o'clock a. 1 it., from the
residence of the parents, 17 Chattanooga street,
 between Twenty- first and- Twenty- second, ln-
. .terinent Holy Cross Cemetery. .;•; , ..
HESSELMEYEK— In this city, Dorothea' J. Hes-
selmeyer, dearH- beloved wife of the late Theo-
dore Hesselmeyer.
' JKg"Notice of funeral heraafter. - •
KKNNKDY— In this City. - January 3, 1897,
Thomas, beloved son of . Micaael andheiato
Ellen KenneJ and' brother of John, William.
Stephen ana Michael -Kennedy, a na-.ive or 'lip-
perary, Ireland, aged 21 years 1 month and 9
uays.. A memoer of. Coarc Seal. Rock No. 45,
r. of A. • .'..,-.-. . . , ;..
" jO"Friends and . acqualntancej are respect- -
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
- (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m., from the par-
lors of . Theoaor Dierks. 957 Mission street,
thence to st. Patrick's Church for services at
10 o'clock a. m. interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ■ .' '
KNORP— In this city, January 2, 1897, Albert
Frederick Knurp. belovai father of Albert,
W illlam T., George H., Dr. F. F.. Louise M. and
Edward L. Knorp. a native of Wurtemberj,
Germany. aged 64 years." ', '
A^TFriends and acaualntances nr» «n*;
- fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock a. ic., from tbe
family residence. 10-7 Ellis street; thence iv
Masonic Temple for funeral '* services, com-
menclng at <l m A o'clock ie interment Cypreii
■■• Lawn Cemetery. Please omit flowers. . ■.
LANG— In tais city. January 2, 1897. Mlltoa
Lloyd. beloved son of Carrie > and the late ■
George Lang, aad brother of Walter Lang, a na-
! tiveof CallstDga, Cal.. aged 9 years 5 months
■ and 13 days. [Calistoga (Cal.) papers pleas.-
-& copy.J- * ■ • - . : > ,j .••■:,,•.»'
. tS" Friends and acqnaintnncns are r»spect-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock •p. m., from the resl-
dence of bis mother,! Belvedere street, 'corner
of Waller. Interment Masonic Cemetery. • .
LOOMAN— Raymond, Cal., December 1896,
E. T. Looman, atjeJ 51 yean. S _ . . 1-,
LUELLIKG— In Ea»t Oakland, January 1, 1897,
William Henderson Luelllng, a native of Ala-
meda County, aged 3S yean 9 months and S
, days. .•;;.;•
McGOWAN— In this city. JaDuary 1. 1897. Bar-
tholomew McGowan, a native of Ireland, aged
68years. .■ ■'.:. ...,..' . ' • . "•'..1
McWADE— In "Oakland, January 2. 1897. Ada
Ellen, beloved daughter of David D. McWade,
! and sister of > David • F. McWade, a native of
.California, 23 years 2 months and 10 days.
. [Scrantou (Pa.) papers please copy.j .
• Friendi anJ acqnalntancm are respect*,
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 1 o'clock ,P. u.\ from I her late
residence, 1620 Taylor street. •.
MAKIN— In this city. Januirv2. 1897.Cornelins.
belovad hnsband of. Elizabeth Makin, .and -
-father of Lizzie and Robert Rea, a native ot
New Z-alaud. Aus.ralia, a?«J 64 years. ■ v •
■: : 'SST Friends and acquaintance »ro respec'.-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday). at 11 o'clock a. M.,froin his late, resl-
oence. 105 Leavenwonh street. 'Interment
7 Masonic Cemetery. - •' • ' : .
MORTON -In this hit, January 3, 1897, David
\V.. brother of Robert L.. Alice. Thomas L. and
Johnnie J. Mo. to.j, a native of San FrancUo>>,
■ a;ed 27 yeaH.
43~FrleDda and acanalntancei ar»" rMDect.
fnl'.v invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m from tne residenoa ,
of his orothT. - ltooert L. Morton. 409 KlgUth
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PIPER-In this city. January 3. 1H97, John, be-
S loved- husband of Louise Piper, and father of
' ' George. I : E4 ward." Claud* and Hazel .Piper and
- Mn. Zimmer. and brother of Eenry Piper, a na-
tive of Germany, ageJ 66 years 7 months aud 9
. days. ? . - '
PIIIPPS— In this city. January 1. 1897, John L,
' Phipps, a native 01 California, aged 35 years."
REEVK— In Stockton, January ■1, 1B?7, : Anne,
• beloved wife of Frederick Raeve. . ; , , ; . •■
RUTTLE— In Wat&onvllie. - Cal., Decembsr 29,
IStatJ. Davii H. Ru.ll-. aged «9 years.
SlMON— January 2, 1897. Bernhardt, eldest son
of Isldoreand Frances Simon, m;ed 21 yearj." ;
TUTTLK— University Mound Home, January
2. 1897. Mr*. Coriielia Tuttle. a native of CaMr
■r ada, aged 83 year*.' .! > '"■■■ ■ ■.: .
WAKRtS — In Kalso. B. C, December 23.1891
William J. WaT.n.anatlveo; New York State,
. aged 47 yeari 9 months an >, 9 daw ... .-.,-
-' MCAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
' FUNRRAL EMBALMkB^,
SOFiftbSt., pp. Lincoln School. t ','
Telephone 3080. ,•-■ >», .-
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY;
SAN .MATKOi. COUNTY; NKARE3T CEMB»
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; iv no sens*
elusive; location unexcelled. onji:x bU7 Zirnstt*
street, aoutneasi corner of atxut- . - ■ ■ -
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
of burial plats and graves 1 In Its cemeiery and
glvedeeds.'* ; ' • ". ' ' '. -; • ■ i
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at tha
Supfriutentifut's 1 ortic •■, nt th« ceini-'<?ry, : corner
JBusli street and Central avenue, San' Francisoo,
1314
FOR MUNICIPAL OWNERSHIP .
AND TRADES UNION PRICES
Rev. Mr. Bliss Preaches on Economics as Applied
in a Modern Light to the
Workingman.
HOW TO OUST CHEAP
CONTRACT LABOR.
By Keeping Up Wages the
State Could Insure Co-opera
tive Civic Weal.
THE BIBLE AS A SINGLI-T£X
ORGAN.
Two Remarkable Disccurses by the
Widely Known Exponent of
Christian Socialism.
It is not by charity but. by changing
tlie system that we shall brine i" God's
light or lure. The remedy in this case is
the same as before. J xalt the function
of the municipality, -which by operating
and controlling public enterprises will
earn sufficient money with which to
give work to the unemployed. * * •
Municipal employment should be given
out at trade* uuloi wage* and trades
union hours. Under our presaiit syst em
the contract jobber bring* in the cheap
labor of th*> foreiguer, antl our native
workmen wa'.k the pnblic streets in
poTerty.— J>r. Bliss' Evening Discourse.
Rev. W. D. P. Bliss, the well-known
Christian socialist, who reached San Fran
cisco on Saturday evening, delivered two
important addresses yesterday, in the
course of which he explained tlie objects
of the Church Social Union, and in the
same connection the industrial and eco
nomic evils which serve as the justifica
tion for its existence. St. Luke's Church,
at the corner of Van Ness avenue and
Clay street, was the =cene of both ad
dresses, the meeting announced to take
place at Washington Hall at 8 o'clock
havine t>een canceled. Mr. Biiss is visit
ing San Francisco as a guest of the United
Brotherhood of St. Andrew, to whose
members his afternoon address was spe
cially directed, lie also preached at the
morning service.
Ke preached at St. Luke's Church in
the evening to an unusually large congre
gation. His sermon, which was more
properly speaking a lecture of absorbing
interest to those who have directed any
attention whatever to social and economic
que:?tions, dealt with the subjscis of muni
cipal ownership, the purification o. muni
cipal government and the problem of the
unemployed. The attentive attitude of
his auditor)' throughout clearly signified
that his remarks had created a deep im
pression. , !
He chosefhis text from Revelations xxi,
beginning at the first verse, which reads: j
"And I saw a new heaven and a new |
earth, for the first heaven and the first
earth were passed away; and there was no
more sea."
Mr. 3lis? said: "I spoke this morning
concerning the social teachings of the gos
pel of the incarnation. This evening I
will take some of those principles and see
how definitely and practically we may
work them out in our day, our life and
generation. The problem which to-day is
pressing most heavily upon us is twofold
— the problem of those who are out of
work and the problem of our municipal
life. We shall see in a moment that these
two problems are intimately connected.
"We are told by many that municipal
life is the weak point in our American
civilization. We are told by those who
have most carefully studied our constitu
tional history that our municipal affairs
are scandalously corrupt. Ypur newer
cities by the side of the fair Pacific may
not be so old in corruption or
so bad as some of the cities on the
Atlantic seaboard, bnt San Francisco has
practically the same problem to face as
New York City.
"The problem of the municipality is De
fore us. How are we to make these great
centers of civilization ouey the law of
brotherhood and love? I think you will
realize that the problem is not so much
one of the individual as of the social
system.
"Why are American cities worse than
European? Not becau>e we as individ
uals are worse. In many respects our life
is purer, truer and cleaner than the life of
European cities. Wages are higher, and
in America the life of the family is truer.
Why are our civic functions worse?
"I think the answer may be expressed
in a phrase. In American cities the private
corporation is the dominant factor; in
Europe it is the municipality. In Europe
the municipality accomplishes the large
things.
"It owns, or rigidly controls, the oper
ation of natural monopolies —of local
transit, of heating and lighting. While
here we turn those functions over to pri
vate corporations, and the natural result
is that our abler men, our honest men,
are in the service of those corporations.
We have minimized the function of the
City, with the result that our municipal
councilors are chosen from among our
weaker citizens.
"You cannot, therefore, expect any
thing but corrupt government. But the
problem lies even deeper. Our forefathers
came here from the old world ana this
new country presented abundant scope !
for the individual. The idea of govern
ment became in this way subordinate. It
was at one time seriously proposed in
Massachusetts to do away with the Gov
ernor altogether, Jeffersonian Democrat
and Republican aiike. \Ve nave mini
mized the functions of government and
exalted that of the private individual and
the privat.e corporation. Our hest men
have not attended to their political du
ties, they have not voted and have very
seldom gone to the caucus. This neglect
cives tne profei-sional politician and the
party heelers their opportunity.
"But still, according to our present sys
tem, the private corporation, while ex- I
alted to do great things for the city, is
dependent upon the municipality, which
we have despised, for its franchise or its '
charter. The rich corporation goes to the j
corrupt council and the inevitable result
is that the latter, composed of members
with small salaries, or none atall, finds in
the corporation a chance to sell the fran
chise, and in our larger American eititi
the average franchise is purchased and
the corporation which seeks to purchase it
is too often a debauched institution. This
is not particularly the fault of individuals,
since the average corpoiation. under this
syßie;n, is compelled to buy its franchise;
the corporation that would be honest
find* itself handicapped.
"It is not enough to denounce the in
dividual: we must denounce the system
and those individuals who have indorsed
it. Those who are to blame are not the
creatures, but the creators, and those are
mjrsell and yourself and everybody who is
giving practical support to the present
system."
Mr. Bliss then proceeded to discuss the
I problem of the unemployed, in which con
. nection, he pictured in eloquent and
! pathetic laneuage the modern struggle to
I procure work.
The laborer who is out of a job finds the
i churches shut but the saloon open, and to
! the noor man, said the speaKer, there
j Romeiiiues seems more brotherhood in
j the saloon than in the church. It was re
j cently stated by a good authority that
; the trades unions and saloons of Chicago
I gave more work than the churches.
He spoke of tho attraction of the saloon
I and its free-lunch system, which leads in
directly to the increase of intemperance.
i The workman out of a job keeps alive on
| free lunches, and then when he does ob
tain work he feels that he is under an ob
ligation to "treat" bick again. "And
| yet," exclaimed Mr. Bliss, "tie temper■
■ ance people say that in-emperance is the
j true explanation of the unemployed prob-
I lem."
"The man thus reduced to the point of
starvation grows reckless and sneers at
the church." Mr. B!i*s quoted the statis
tics of Professor Warner as to the causes
of poverty, which go to prove that only 11
per cent of poverty is directly caused by
intemperance; that 75 per cent is there
suit of environment, over which the indi
vidual has little or no control; and that
for 25 per cent the individual is responsi
ble. It is also unfortunate that the char
j ity bureau usually has to deal with the
worst class of tho unemployed, because
| the most self-respecting portion vil! never
b-g until compelled by the slavery of
I actual starvation.
He strongly emphasized the effect of en
' vironment. and declared that a large pro
i portion of the children reared in the
' slums have no chance to develop into real
: manhood and womanhood. They are
J born tired. A Police Court Judge has
! affirmed that almost every child born in
I the New York slums is damned from in
fancy and t>y society io.be an outcast if a
girl, and a thief if a boy.
"Do we wonder then," asked Mr. Bliss,
"that we have some in our land who are
professional deadbeats? It is not by
' charity, but by changing the system, that
Iwe shall bring in God's light of love. The
j remedy in this case is the same as before.
j Exalt the function of the municipality,
which by operating an I controlling these
public enterprises will earn sufficient
i money with which to give work to the un
j employed. At present our civic life leads
in three d's— dirt, debts and death rates.
It is true that the debts of some European
j cities are apparently larter than our own,
but they have bama incurred by establish
ing enterprises which now bring in an in
come."
The speaker cited the familiar cases of
| Berlin and Glasgow.
"In America," he resumed, "our debts
| have not been incurred for municipal
| activities, but for municipal inactivities,
! to support ward heelers, for jobs and to
equanuer in the cutter." The money con
tributed by the public to pay for watered
j stock and exaggerated dividends, if
| eiven to the municipality, would
procure worn for idle men from
Maine to California. Mr. B.iss added
that he was strongly of opinion that such
municipal employment should be confined
to residents in the municipality. "More
over," said he, "it should be given out at
1 trades union wages and trades union hours
in order that it may not undercut other
legitimate l.ibor in similar lines. Undrr
our present system the contract jobber
brings in the cheap labor of the foreigner
and our native workmen walk the public
streets in poverty."
With tho adoption of the principle of
corporate ownership San Francisco may
ultimately be made as beautiful as ancient
Athens and possess its free baths, its gar
dens and temples as fair as the Acropolis
of old.
Mr. Bliss finally ndvocated the taxing
of land values, where land is held for
merely speculative purposes. "I cannot
beiieve," he said, "that God gave London
to the Duke of Westminster, New York to
the Astors and California to the Southern
Pacific Railroad."
The fact of inequality among men, be
contended, made brotherhood ami co
operation all the more necessary. If all
men were equal competition might be
just. Theology was the true sociology,
and he came not in the name of Marx or
Bellamy, but in the name of Jesus Christ.
But we cannot even be saved b\' Christ
unless we go out and make our cities the
cities of Christ.
IN THE AFTERNOON.
Rev. Mr. Bliss Addresses the
United Brotherhood of
S . Andrew.
Mr. Bliss devoted his introductory re
marks in the afternoon to a brief
account of the founding of the
Church Social Union in England six
years ago and its subsequent introduc
tion into this country, where it is now
firmly established under the highest au
spices, numbering among its officers
bishops, priests aud prominent laymen of
all classes. Its primary object is to study
bow to apply the moral truths and prin
ciples of Christianity to the social and
economic difficulties of the present day,
and to present Christ in practical life.
Mr. Biiss then spoke at considerable
length of the problems, economic and
social, which confront nineteenth century
society. The amelioration of these, he
declared, must be found in the right appli
cation of Christian and Biblical teaching.
Political economy mid religion must not
clash, but co-operate. The average em
ployer is as helple-s as the average em
ploye, and in order to Jive cannot do
otherwise than pay the lowest price possi
ble for v. specified quantity of labor.
Co-operation among employers has been
the result of these conditions, and the
speaker contended that this co-operation,
if rightly directed among employers as
also among those employed, would help
to relieve the severity of competition, and
in this way prove productive of good.
He spoke of the Old Testament us typi
fying a socialistic state of society. "It is
a book of social righteousness," be said,
"and has too Ion? been misunderstood.
It shows that laud was not owned as pri
vate property, but that every individual
was protected in the use of land and could
only be deprived of it temporarily. I be
lieve that Jesus Christ came to fulfill that
law— the land law of the Hebrews.
"In your Cahlornian towns, where you
have had a boom in land, yon have had a
corresponding reaction as God's punish
ment upon those who gambled in that
whic i they had not produced, thus dis
obeying His fundamental law that every
man -hall have access to land."
The speaker further paid that the Old
Testament likewise defended the individ
ual in the use of tools and capital, and
that where such a law was generally ap
plied present day problems could nt)t
exist.
To the misery and the squalor which
prevail in working families, as the out
come of the competitive struggle ior ex
istence, he attributed the first growth of
immorality amoni; young women who, in
the majority of cases, are not actuated by
a desire to make money, but rather to
escape from their sordid surroundings.
Similarly, the typical cry to-day is not
so much lor more money, but for more
work.
The remedy he preached was co-opera
tion — the transformation of the rule of
gold into the golden rnle. The only other
alternative was anarchy. He spoke of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1897.
good work already accomplished by trades
unions and the acceptance of the orinci
ple of corporate ownership exemplified in
Glasgow.
"We must exalt the municipality," he
said, "until it brings in enough money to
help every idle man."
To the objection often raised that this
will destroy individuality he replied that
it will bring about a higher type of indi
viduality as far removed from the purely
business acumen of the modern Napoleon
of finance as the latter from the physical
individuality of early days— the age of
Agamemnon and Achille°. He earnestly
implored his nearer-* to study these social
questions and to seek to elucidate them.
"God grant," he concluded, "that the
church may find it« young men true to
God and therefore true to man."
FIRE FOR LONG SEE.
The Sullivan Building Damaged to the
Extent of 85000.
Chinatown's most unlucky building,
corner of Sullivan and Baker alleys, which
is owned by the Sullivan estate, was
gutted by fire yesterday morning.
The blaze was etarted, it is believed, by
a falling lamp in the rear of Long Kee's
merctmndise store on the Sullivan alley
side of the building.
The flames soon spread to Quong Chun's
furnishing goods establishment and from
there ate into a cigar-factory owned by
Loo Bon.
Two alarms were sent in from box 25,
the first being rung in at 5:35 a. m., and
the second lilteen minutes later. The de
partment arrived promptly, and after half
an hour's hard labor succeeded in extin
guishing tho flamen.
The damage to the building and various
stocks of goods, which are covered by in
surance, will amount to about $5000.
STOOD UP AND BOBBED.
Joseph Law's Kxperience With Foot
pads on O'Farrell and Mason Streets.
Joseph Law, on his way home yesterday
morning at 4 o'clock, was accosted by two
daring highway robbers on the corner of
O'Farrell and Mason streets and ordered
in a gruff and surly manner to throw up
his hands and permit himself to be
searched.
This command he obeyed, seeing that
resistance would be useless.
While one of the 6treet highwaymen
went through his pockets and relieved
him of ?3 50, all the money he had at the
time, the other stood by, ready to brine
him to time should he attempt any re
sistance.
After robbing him they told him to co
along and make no noise about, the affair.
This advice he need d not, for on meeting
Officers Ring and Baxter he told them of
his experience and at the same time gave
a description of his two new acquaint
ances.
The officers started off in pursuit and,
alter a snort search, found Joseph Corr,
alias "Dutch, " in a house on O'Farrell
street, close to where the robbery occurred.
From the description Riven them they
took him to the Central police station,
where he was fully identified by Law as
being one of the men who stood him up.
H i i companion has so far escaped, but the
officers tliink they will soon have him to
keep Corr's company in the County Jail.
DEATH OP GEORGE HAAS SR.
The Fasning Amy of Another of San
Francisco's Merchants.
George Haas Sr., for many years a well
known merchant of this City, died at his
home, 012 Ellis street, yesterday. He was
a native of Baden, Germany, 56 years of
age.
He came to the United States when
quite a young man and located in Quincy,
111., where he remained for a number of
years, and left there to come to this City
more than a quarter of a century ago.
Some time after his arrival he encaged
in the bakery business, then entered in
the confectionery line in a small way, and
of late years had one of the largest estab
lishments of the kind in the City.
He leaves besides his widow five chil
dren of whom two are dauehters. In his
business relations he was very well liked
by all and in a social way he had many
friends who held him in high esteem.
CAPTAIN TRASFS FUNERAL.
Many Devoted Friends Honor the
Memory of the Deceased Pilot.
The funeral services of the late Captain
Freeman Trask were held at his residence
yesterday afternoon and a large number
of the old friends and associates of the
dead pilot were in attendance.
The floral tributes were numerous and
beautiful, among them being a broken
wheel by the Pilots' Association and a
model of pilot boat 7 by his son.
Captain Trask had a wide circle of
friends among whom he will be sadly
missed, and from whom there goes forth
the tenderest sympathy to the bereaved
widow.
SoroslH Will Xot Receive.
It was erroneously stated that tne Sorosis
Club would hold a public reception this after
noon. There will be no reception, only the
regular meeting, which takes place on the
first and third Monday of each month. To
day's programme will include a :ew musical
numbers, recitations by Frank Lincoln and
the reading of a payer entitled "Our Duty to
Our Sex," a contribution from the j.en of Mrs.
bit a Kinney.
At the Chute*.
C. W. Vosmer, the aeronaut, made a suc
cessful ballon ascension by searchlight at tne
Chutes last night. He landed in the deer
paddock at the park, after having reached an
altitude of 5000 feet.
The Chutos will be closed, with the excep
tion of the skating-rink, all this month except
Saturdays nnd Sundays. This is in order to
allow the management to put in several new
attractions.
Diamonds, Watchen and Jewelry at reduced
prices. Vacate Jau. 7th. 5 and 7 Third street.
ALL FOLLOW THE HUNT AND
THE PACK OF BAYING HOUNDS
There is No Line Drawn Upon Huntsmen Who Wish
to Ride in San Mateo With Mil
lion ares.
THE SPORT ALREADY A
SUCCESS.
General Invitation to Par
ticipate in This Exhil
arating Pastime.
BENEDICTS B2AT BACHELORS
PLAYING POLO.
-
They Fight a Splendid Battle For
Honors on the Lists at Bur
ling.m?.
Now it is "Tally-ho!" and "A-hunting
we will go." The newest and most popu
lar of outdoor sports is following the bay
ing hounds. It may have come to, stay in
California and to be the country sport, for
everybody who owns a horse or can bor
row one may feel the exhilaration of the
hunt. The barn are down, so to speak, as
Walter Hobart, who imported a pack of
foxhounds to introduce fox-hunting here,
has extended a general invitation to the
A Oitical Moment in the Polo Game at Burlingame With the
Ball Flying to Goal.
hunt, and the Burlingame Club has iriven
assurance of a welcome to all should the
"scent" lie across club grounds.
The result of these invitations was seen
Saturday afternoon, when tlie second
drag hnnt was held. All San Alateo was
out. The livery-stable man had one of
the best horses, and merchants and farm
ers turned out after the hounds, side by
side with millionaires and clubmen. And
when the horn blew and trie pac"£ rushed
off after an imaginary fox, there were
forty-eight mounted men ready for a
bracing run across the country. So the
hunt was pronounced a grand success, an
event to be remembered.
Every hunter there caught the magni
tude of the chase. The t>By of the fox
hound, like which there is nothing else in
the wide world to a man on horseback,
electrified even those who were complete
strangers to its thrill. Something of a
new and unknown sport was revealed to
them, and the people of San Mateo to-day
swear by the hounds and the hunt.
The course was laid over rolling land,
beginning in the Burlingame part and
running by devious ways, with delightful
lack of direction, to a point west of San
Mateo. Nobody in the hint had the
faintest idea of where the lamb had been
dragged, and consequently the uncertainty
gave zest to the chiise.
One of the best pleased participants
was Joseph D. Grant, president of the Bur
iingame Cluli. He takes a keen interest
in manly country sports, which he desires
to make as popular as possible, knowing
that their popularity must redound to the
benefit of bis club.
"This is a great idea," he said yesterday.
"Everybody is welcome to follow the
hunt and we would like to see more people
from the City fa it. For young fellows
from town what can compare with such
manly sport?
''The club is doing its share to develop
those pastimes that have everything to
commend them — hunting, polo, riding,
driving. They take you into the country
and away from city liie. The ladies are
invariably your companions, and a man
gets splendid exerche. Then again, it is
good for the community; it puts money in
circulation, makes fellows spend a little
in wages and in legitimate channels; it
builds up a nice home life in the country.
"The hunt Saturday was an extraor
dinary success. Mr. Hobari invited every
body who cared to follow the hounds, and
«uch a crowd turned out it was surprising.
It was part of the New Year's holiday
I time— the best we're had down here. I
believe now that the hunt is going to be
the great sport of California."
Burlingaine Club did not finish with the
New Year celebration Saturday afternoon,
for it entertained many guests yesterday
with a rattling polo game. Apropos of
tne occasion, it would seem, the teams
were arrayed as benedicts aeainst bache
lors. Here it is barely necessary to sug
gest that just as much rivalry existed
upon the coaches as in the field. Among
the ladies there were no especial favorites,
rather a deep, wide chasm, that severe
line— matrimony. And, as the married
men were victorious, maidenly prido was
humbled— hubbies are so much better men
than mere bachelors.
Ti e matrimonial team was composed of
Charles Baldwin, W. S. Hobart, Joseph
Tobin and Perry Eyre; the single men
were Richard Tobin, Captain J. P. Waine
wrighi, Jonn Lawaon and Lawrence Me-
Creery.
From the first tossdown of the ball Me-
Creery made a good hit, knocking the ball
far toward goal, but Joe Tobin tooK it off
four times, only to be met by Hobart with
a rally back to center, where Richard
Tobin dashed into the melee and knocked
the ball outside while trying to make a
goal. Lawson sent it back to Joe Tobin,
who sent the disk flying to Eyre.
A dashing bit of play was made here, as
Eyre led the way down the field amid ap
plause, the teams tearing madly at his
heels. Baldwin came to the rescue and
Hobart followed, taking up the ball twice
and through goal. He was in at the next
>cr;imble, knocking the bail down the
field, which Richard Tobin caught after a
miss, followed by Baldwin taK'njj it to
center. Lawson's pretty hit backward on
a fast gallop changed the play, and after
much hot struggling Captain \Vainewrlghl
knocked the ball away from the players to
goal.
In the second naif of the first period
Wainwright started t <c ball going his
way, though handicapped by an injured
hand. The crooks flew lively and the
white wooden globe had no rest. Baldwin
made a brilliant dash across the field, Ho
bart knocked it outside, Lawson picked it
up and was running away with the ball
safe for a score when it split before his
stick.
After a series of dashes to and fro Rich
ard Tobin encountered his married brother
galloping toward victory, when Lawson
dashed in and made a goal. The players
found themselves fairly matched in the
last battle of this period until Richard
Tobin knocked the ball to center and
Lawson continued the lead for bachelor
dom, when Baldwin interposed with a«
mncn firmness for his side, lie knocked
hard out and past the players from
the middle of the field toward goal, and
dashing around made a point.
A completely new set of ponies was
brought out in the second period and the
irame was lresher than before. Time was
called unon a splendid battle, in which
considerable spirit was shown. After tne
rest Baldwin took the ball from the toss
down and was uoing home with it at a
mad gallop, when Richard Tobin struck it
backward to his feilow-bnchelor, Mc-
Creery, who took it up till Tobin caught
him and made a goal. This happened in
a minute or two. Hobart was the fi. at to
knock the ball where it was tossed out.
He made a clever hit, and his fast pony
pnssed away like a Hash after the ball.
fiii* was the brilliant play of the game,
as Hobart actually ran away with the ball
and got another coal for the married men
in less than a minute.
Lawson led the play next to the cheers
of spectators, as he' dashed across tne
ground, but Baldwin tool; the ball from
tjim, and after some lighting, hit toward
goal. The usual excitement on account of
the dangerous position lollowed and
Hobart knocked to goal.
The last part of the second period was
disturbed by the antics of Jumping Jack
with Eyre ur>, though the play went on
merrily all over the field. McCreery made
a goal whicli didn't count, beine off side
play. Baldwin scored on a fast rush. In
the next part of the second time was up,
and as Eyre knocked the ball outside
there was no score.
In the third period the single men put
on a .cenuine spurt and Lawson won a
goal. Time was called in the neit part of
the period, doting the same with a score
of 5 for the married men and 4 for the
single.
lis-.id of Hope Kiection.
The Golden Gate Band of Hope held a very
largely attended meeting yesterday afternoon,
the occasion being the election ol officers for
the current half year. The following named
were elected: Jens Nieisen, president; Ida
Collins, assistant superintendent; LUlie Pat
terson, secretary; W, A. Dalzell, treasurer;
Mrs. Williams, chaplain; Dora Worth and
Charlie Worth, ushers; direc.ors for the year-
Mrs. Kerrigan, Miss Collins and Mrs. Williams;
pianist, Miss Mabel Morante.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Thi fto- -_/9
limn e v^Tjf s/ir* „ ,""• lf «
NEW TO-DAT— DRT GOODS. >^^-^-~-
BLACK AND COLORED
DRESS
GOODS!
THRETSPECIAL BARGAINS!
At 50c a Yard,
2 cases 50-INCH FRENCH
CHEVIOT TWILLS, in
Browns, Navys, Myrtle,
Olive, Bluette and Black.
Former price of these
goods $1.00 per yard. — .- ,
At 75c a Yard.
5 cases BLACK LIZARD
CLOTH, full 44 inches in
width. There are 18 dif-
ferent designs in them and
are WARRANTED FAST
BLACK. Former price of
these goods $1.50 per yard.
At 35c a Yard.
3 cases INDIGO STORM
SERGE (superior quality),
full 42 inches wide. Reg-
ular value 60c per yard.
The attention of our customers is di-
rected to above goods.
TELEPHONB QR,A.NT IS4.
111. 113, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
_ j
start the new year by selling j
high-grade; foods at prices j
you will approve.
We couldn't sell genuine j
articles of full measure and
weight, pure and unadul- 1
terated, for less.
No one can.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday— Tuesday — Wednesday
Hams lb 12k!
regularly 15c.
Eastern, sugar cured, fine. .
Coffee lb 30c
regularly 37>£c.
It's mighty good for either price.
Miner's Breakfast Cocoa
lb 37} c
regularly 50c.
German lentils 4 lbs 25c
regularly 10c.
For fine German cooking.
Tomato catsup bot. 15c 1
reirularly 20c. .
Red label sour; white label sweet.
Bouillon capsules box 25c
regularly 30c.
For easily and quickly prepared beef
tea, vegetable flavoring.
Dried raspberries lb 30c
regularly yoc.
January catalogue free.
Mail orders have careful
attention.
• . ■- ;
't w B rt S"2L. 1 '" ?• Xordman, Vlce-Pres.
A. w. Kirk, sec. . Jos. iSordman, Trea;.
427 KEAKNY STREBI.
IS A «J e JPT be ? l pl ce to bBVe Jo ur e y es examined
and fltted to glasses with lnatmmenis exclusively
e U ua°ed n ' * hose superiority has not yet . been
We have no i»valH. • \\ e value our reputation;'
we Ruarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merlta of onr wor* lor success.' *
OEORQE H. FULLER DESK CO.
JpW d|Sjh|rs
i^^&sgßggjgßs£BS& And All Kinds of
|I OFFICE FURNITURE
r'""lWB^ni ' 638-040 Jllssiou St.
& THE SAN FRANCISCO |j
I BLACK GOODS 8
I HOUSE I
H Oflfers the following; Indacementi M
p| to purcha«ers of Black fj
H fabrics. |1
I EXTRAORDINARY REDUCTIONS. I
1 45-indi Figarcd Mohair Sniting, 1
ra ■ 'l» 6 differ en; elaborate oesigns, fj
H r.-ai value 75c, f|
I Reduced to 35c yard. [
I 48-inch Lizard Mohair Novelty, f J
|| Keal value $1.00, l-j
I Reduced to 65c yard, [j
I 56-inch Cheviot Storm Serge, 0
|| Real value $1.00. ||
I Reduced to 60c yard, f
I 48-inch Fancy Etamine Canvas |
I Suiting. I
ll A new fabric, $1.50, |J
I Reducad to Sse yard. 1
I 1000 PIKCKS OF BLACK TO H
M StLhCr FROM. p
i i) T. Krwpnv COIHI!. B
■ 11. 1. ALiiiiLlll wJllillll. B
k| 23 Geary St., Near Kearuy. ||
H Telephone Grant t>l3. |J
i
Signature is printed la ♦ ' -.'JJ
BLUE diagonally 4//*
across the /*"N l/*' '
OUTSIDE Yj f'l^y
wrappei f\Qj '/
\J\ / of every
,J / bottie of
. v r. / (the Original
\ jjJ y and Genuine)
/0/ 1/ 1 Worcestershire
SAUCE
Aa a further protection against
all imitations.
' f Agents for the United sUte«,
JOHN DUNCAN** s^V*. m. y;
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL I
liadies' ROOM
OF THE AXUUIVJ
PALACE HOTEL.
. Direct Entrance from Market St.
VPKM UMU UUMIuVt.