VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 57.
APPEAL FOB THE
PERISHING POOR
Chicago's Mayor Calls Upon
Well-to- Do Citizens
for Aid.
Forty Thousand Families Sorely
iD Need of Fue ! , Food
and Cothing.
Heroic Efforts of the Police Depart
ment Temporarily Allay the
Awful Suffering.
CHICAGO, iM-t Jan. 25.— The people
,pf Chicago in bodies and as individual
•:zens were aroused to-day to take
i orapt and generous action for the
prompt relief of the two score thousand
destitute families who are in want of food
and clothing, their distress having
reached a critical stage during this in
tensely cold weather.
Between 5 and 7 o'clock this morning
the weather bureau in the Auditorium
tower, where it is warmer than on the
street, recorded 20 degrees below zero.
Only once in the history of the bureau,
December 24, 1872, when it was 23 below,
has the temperature fallen lower. From
9 a. M. to 2 p. h. there was a gradual rise,
the range being from 18 to 12 degrees be
low, but the relief was hardly felt when
accompanied by a cutting wind from the
northwest. The highest temperature for
the day was 10 degrees below zero, and to
night the bureau' thermometer is moving
slowly down again with no hope of relief
held out for to-morrow.
Mayor Swift issued a proclamation to
day, according to his expressed intention
yesterday, appealing in urgent language
to all citizens who have the means to
spare to contribute at once money and
supplies to prevent the starvation and
freezing of unfortunate thousands. He
. urged the subscription of $100,000 as beine
none too much to afford the relief needed.
Mayor Swift's proclamation is as fol
lows:
To the Gcntrous People of Chicago: The pres
ent severe weather must naturally excite the
keen sympathy of every kindly disposed per
son for the worthy and suffering poor. A pro
tracted period of business depression has
thrown thousand!" of men and women out of
employment and brought want to families not
previously familiar with it. No startling
emergency exists, but the need constantly dis
cerned in cities is now augmented by the
hard times and the extreme cold. You hava
ever been found generous in behalf of all
worthy objects, and I think if proper at this
::ui ;n this way to call your attention to
special occasion now existing for a mani
festation of your reasonable generosity.
The distress of women and children in their
homesoughtespeciallv to be relieved. Thoreare
many worthy persons who hesitate to seek as
sistance but suffer in silence. I propose to
utilize the police department, havr; them In
vestigate cases of destitution, particulftrly in
homes, and give prompt help to thoße found
wortny.
I ask contributions of money, food and
clothing. Money maybe sent to E. .I. Keith,
president of the Metropolitan National Bank,
and all money contributions should be desig
nated as intended for the "Mayor's Relief
Fund."
This will be expended under the direction of
the General Superintendent of Police for the
purchase of fuel and food. Contributions of
food and clothing may be sent imme.iiately to
the General Superintendent of I'o.ice 8t the
City Hall. George B. swift, Mayor.
The funds of the charity organizations
have' become depleted, owing tothp extra
ordinary demands made upon them even
during the mild winter weather which
lhas prevailed here until a lew days ago,
and the Chicago Relief and Aid Society
was compelled to make a special appeal
for money last week to carry on its work
because ol the unusually larce number of
heads and supporters of families who are
unemployed while willing to work.
■ Before the Mayor's proclamation was
issued contributions to the special fund
came pouring into his office in currency
and checks, while various offers of pro
visions, clothinu, coal and wood were re
ceived on a liberal scale. The Board of
Trade and other organizations started to
raise relief funds and the churches and
palvation armies began making sys
tematic and extensive arrangements to
help in the charitable work along their
special lines. Souphouses and shelters
will be established and maintained as long
as necessary.
[ A plan which the Mayor and Chief of
Police Badenoch agreed upon at a confer-
V eoce to-day was immediately put into
effect. The city will buy with the special
fund food and fuel and distribute them on
demand through the agency of the police
department. This relief is to be afforded
without the usual investigation until the
regular charitable organizat ons are able
to take up the work. All police stations
have been thrown open to the freezing
multitude.
The Mayor's proclamation is the first
of the kind to be issued in twenty-five
years.
The worst and most numerous cases of
Buffering were reported from South Chi
cago and Kensington, where thousands of
men have been lnid off at the steel mills
and other establishments.
. The savings of most of these victims
have been used these hard times to pay
for their little homes, leaving them prac
tically penniless, although not paupers.
Much da mace has been done in the sub
urbs to telegraph and telephone wires by
the cold. Traffic with Cicero was sus
pended until lale 10-day by the collapse
of cable poles.
The worfc of affording instant tempor
ary relief during the inclement weather
was pushed by the police agents using
patrol wagons and ambulances in such a
systematic manner that no case of desti
tution reported remained unattended to
I to-night.
At midnight the thermometer registered
111 degrees below, and it is believed the up
ward tendency will continu-. Police sta
tions about the city are filled with lodeers,
many of whom applied for shelter with
frozen ears and fingers.
Colorado in the Icy Grip.
PENVER, Colo., Jan. 25.— The coidest
weather of the winter has prevailed in this
The San Francisco Call
city and throughout the State during the
past forty-eight hours, and still continues.
At 8 o'clock this morning the thermome
ter registered 8 deg. below zero. Several
cases of probable suffering were reported
to the County Commissioners and relief
was promptly furnished. Trains are pull-
In* in and out on schedule time and no
serious delay is reported either on moun
tain or prairie roads.
JBEPOBTb FROM MISSOURI.
I Thousands of Families in St. Louis Are
in Dire Distress. .
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 26.— The cold
wave which gathered in British Columbia
on Friday swept down on this section
yesterday and still continues here though
slightly abated to-night. At 7 o'clock this
morning the temperature was exactly
zero. At. noon 3 degrees above was re
corded and at 5 p. m. 4 degrees above. This
extremely low temperature following
sharply upon a long season of mild
weather found thousands of ( poor families
unprepared.
The demand upon the associated chari
ties for food and fuel was never so great.
Nearly 300 men and women were in line
to-day waiting for assistance. The Police
Department is doing everything possible
to relieve the distress. Twenty-two frost
bitten victims were treated at the City
Dispensary to-day, and three amputations
were necessary. Hundreds of homeless
people are sheltered to-day at the police
stations.
The river has not yet closed here, though
it is full of floating ice, which endangers
shipping. Trains were generally on time
this morning, but this evening all those
due from points west ana south were late,
in one instance two hours and ten min
utes. All were delayed by snow block
ades. Special dispatches show that no
section west or south of this city has es
caped the sudden fury of the blizzard.
For the first time ice formed for a short
time over Lower White River, in Arkan
sas, to-day. Snow is reported in West
Tennessee and Southern Illinois. The
great fruit section of Southwestern Mis
souri, and Northern Arkansas has es
pecially suffered, and nothing can save
the crop. A fall of snow that would have
saved trie wheat fields of Missouri. lowa
and Nebraska did not come with the cold
wave, and predictions of disaster to the
crop were frequent on 'Change.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 25. — The
coldest weather this winter has prevailed
during the last twenty-lour hours in this
section of the Southwrst. There is no
snow, but a high, freezing wind has added
to the suffering. Great loss cf livestock is
reported. Tne cold wave extended to the
territories. An average of 4 degrees be
low zero is reported in Kansas, with no
prospect of immediate relief.
FR O M TH E SOU TH WES T
Mercury 32 Below and Great lints of
Livestock. It hear d.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Jan. 25.— Excessive
.cold is reported again to-day alt over the
Northwest. It is 20 below in St. Paul and
as low as 32 below at points northwest of
here. Signal service reports, however, in
dicate that 1 there will be a slight modera
tion to-morrow. . ... , .. : ........
Railroad trains . are all running here,
but are from one to four hours late, ow
ing to the inability of the trainmen to
keep up steam in such intense cold. The
South Dakota rotary snowpiows are work- '
me to raise the blockade caused on all
railroads by Saturday's and Sunday's
storm.
The Chicago and Northwestern Railroad
will soon have its East and South lines
open from Huron. A snowplow has been
sent to the train snowbound at Higbmore,
S. Dak., since Saturday last with about
forty passengers.
The Milwaukee and St. Paul Railroad
in Dakota is completely tied up, and it
will be several days before an attempt
will be made to open the Great Northern
line between Watertown and Huron.
Nothing concerning stock on the ranges
can be learned for several days, but it is
feared the intense cold and deep snow will
entail severe losses.
Apprehension is also felt for settlers in
remote districts where fuel is scarce. The
storm covers a vast area of South Dakota
and in many respects is more severe than
the storm of 188*, when 107 persons per
ished.
DULUTri, Minn.. Jan. 25.— The Gov
ernment thermometers here to-day regis
tered 32 decrees below zero, but private
instruments went much lower. There is
no wind. It is 51 below zero ou the rang°s
at Virginia, 42 at Tower, 40 at Ely and 28 i
at Two Harbors.
S VFFR AGJSTS FROZ Hit OUT.
Few Delegate* Coming to the Woman's
Convention at Hen Molne*.
DEB MOINES, lowa, Jan. 25.— With the
mercury lor the past three days having
scarcely mounted up to zero and most of
the time 10 to 25 degrees below the at
tendance will be disappointingly small
when the annual convention of the Na
tional Woman Suffrage Association opens
to-morrow. There is hardly a delegate
from south of Kentucky, and the East
will be poorly represented compared with
expectations. The Far and Central West
will be fairly represented. As a result the
executive committee to-night discussed
having the conventions hereafter in the
summer or fall and a change will probably
be made. The more noted leaders are
nearly all here. To-morrow afternoon
Susan B. Anthony, the president, will de
liver her annual address and the reports
will begin. They are expected to show
the work to have made encouraging
progress.
AT CLBV£I.AXD, OHIO.
Ao Suck Want and Misery Were Ever
H'for- Known.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 25.— The ter
rible cold continues and the suffering
among the poor of Cleveland eclipses any
previous record. " ;. *
This morning the mercury had dropped
to eleven below, which brought a number
ot half-starved, frozen 7 families to the
relief departments of the city. They ap
plied for food and coal. Red tape in < the
matter of the investigation was dispensed
with, arid for the first time in the history
of the city the applicants- for relief were
given the benefit of a doubt.
At 10 o'clock to-night the United States
Weather Observatory gives n record of 8
degrees below, with.' a prospect of 15 or 16
: degrees below before morning. 'To-night
the theaters are practically 'deserted.*' "4 \"j
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 25.— There
have been no fatalities from the extreme
cold here, though it is reported that ther
mometers on particularly exposed points
on the hills around here *, registered
10 deg. below. There is considerable suf
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 36, 1897.
fering among the poor.'but the charities
have responded to ail calls for relief.
DKSIITVTIOI* JM AKB Kji.SK.4.
Omaha SuvpHes a 'Ihowttnd Families
■ With Food and Fuel. • ■
OMAHA, Nf.br., Jan. 25.— Pitiful stories \
of destitution are com:ne to the attention
of the authorities, aggravated by the in
tense cold, which still holds its grip on
the city and State. The ci'y authorities
to-day bad over a thousand families to
provide coal for in addition to food and
clothing. Toe charitable institutions are ■
able to assist only a small proportion or
those in need of actual protection. \ ' ■
• There a report to-night that a woman
and baby have been frozen to death at
Oak Hill, a suburb of this city. 'Several
persons were injured by bursting water
pipes, and one child cannot recover from
injuries received. The Missouri River is
entirely frozen over, and ice has lormed
a foot thick on the streets.
The thermometer registers from 15 to 17
degrees throughout the State, it being
coldest in Columbia, 100 miles from this
city. Stock seems to stand the weather
better than expected.
TEXAS IS ShirtßtNG.
Snow and ' Sleet, Fallowed by Heavy
■ Fro-t in 3la:iy Places.
GALVESTON, Tex., Jan. 25. — The
weather to-day at Galveston has been the
coldest experienced this winter. It sleeted
all afternoon, and indications joint to a
heavy fall in temperature before night.
At Dallas it has been freezing all day, and
the temperature is "' falling. The ther
mometer registers 22 degrees above.
At San Antonio this has been the cold
est day for many years; the temperature
was 18 degrees above zero. Indications
are that it will be much colder before
morning. The ground is' frozen hard.
Seve big ranches west of here are re
ported suffering with ■ the cold and much
damage will result. At El Paso the
temperature is 46 degrees above and fall
ing. ;
Unalleriateit >vff> ring at Milwnu'see.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Jan. 25.— The cold
wave which came here Saturday was here
to-day 111 full force. This morning the
thermometer registered 20 degrees below
zero. The relief organizations of the city
are overwhelmed with applications lor
help from the suffering unemployed, and
there is mucn distress that cannot be al
leviated. Lake traffic continues under ob
stacles, a most impenetrable mass of
steam arising from the water.
Georgian* Get the Chill*.
ATLANTA, Ga.. Jan. 25.— The ther
mometer touched the lowest point in the
history to-day by touching 33 degrees be»
low zero,. The thermometer has been
creeping down for tha last twenty-nine
hours. The fir-t effect was to almost un
man the railroads, the brakemen not be
ing used to such severe weather, and
most of them pave np their places. The
thermometer in the southern part of the
State ranges from 30 to 3"i degrees higher
than the northern section.
Extremely Cold ir» If i*con*in.
MADISON, Wis., Jan. 25.— The temper
ature was recorded at Wash barn Observa
tory to-day at 23 deg. below zero. The
absence of the wind diminishes tlv suffer
ing among the poor., As the day advanced
the temperature rope a few degrees.
7/ie Wave Strike* Alabama.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Jan. 25.— Thecold
wave struck Alabama last nipht and it
has been getting colder ever 3ince. The
lowest temperature reached up to 10
o'clock to-ni ht was: At Birmingham 20
above, Montgomery 23, Mobile 27.
Growing Coldrr in Michigan.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 25.— The in
ten>ely cold weather moderated some dur
ing the day and at 7 o'clock this evening
the thermometer registered 3 deg. below
zero. Later, however, it again grew colder
and at 10 o'clock it i-< 8 deg. below.
Six Abore 'Aero i" *etc lark City.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 26.— The aver
age temperature here to-day was 10 de
grees above. At midnight the thermome
ter registered 6 above. This is the lowest
so far this winter.
INCIDENTS OF THE FOLSOM EXCURSION.
WEYLER'S PATH IS
MARKED BY FIRE
Illuminates the Way So the
Insurgents Have Time
to Avoid Him.
Assistant Butcher Fondeviella Is
Causing a Terrible Reign
of Bloodshed.
Continues to Arrest and Slaughter
the Unfortunate Citizens of the
Town cf Guanabaco 1 .
KEY WEST, Fla., Jan. 26.— Advices
from Havana say that the conflict be
tween the sugar planters and Weyler con
tinues with more bitterness than ever.
Both are deiermined to carry out their
purposes and the unusual spectacle is pre
sented of two contending parties tiehting
with one another without openly declar
ing their hostilities.
Of the war little that is new can be said
Weyler continues on his march without
deviating from the highways and railroad
line?. Despite the strong column march
ing w'th him, he fears to enter the unex
pioied regions. As he burns and destroys
everything in his passage, he illuminates
his way as if be curried a torch in his
hand, and the rebels can easily avoid any
encounters with his solid column. Thus
it is explained why he has no encounters
with them. '
As an idea of the notorious Fondeviella's
character, it is said that when it was re
ported to him that all the Spanish officers
captured by Aranguerin had been re
leased he remarked: "Aranguerin did well
in setting th*;m free, or there would not
remain a single Cuban alive to-day in
Guanabacoa."
The arrest and Killing of the nnforiunate
citizens of that town continues, and as he
has prohibited their removai to this city
or other places, the situation can ba un
derstood. Persons who have visited the
town say there could not be a more shock
ing sight. All the houses are closed, ladies
fear to look out of the windows, as the sol
diers will surely insult them; few citizens
walk around the streets, only armed sol
diers, soiled and repulsive, are to be scan.
Reports of the landing of expeditions
have baen afloat in Havana for the last
few days. One is said to have landed in
Pinar del Rio and the other around Mau
zanitlo. The exact location has not yet
been ascertained.
The forces under Weyler's command
number 14,000 infantry, a cavalry regi
ment and twenty-two pieces of artillery.
Fit Old .~arJ xJsß.ao ujtctcs.
Information Given Out by the Legation
at Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25. --"The
most complete news that we have yet re
ceived from Cuba." said Mr. Dubosc, the
first secretary of the Spanish legation ,
to-day, "reached us to-day by cable from
Madrid. It is a telegram from the Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs, Duke Tetuan, em
bodying the points of a dispatch sent to
him by the Captain-General at Havana.
The Duke's dispatch reads as follows:
" 'General Weyler at the head of four
teen battalions has traversed the provinces
of Havana and Matanzas, compelling the
principal rebel chieis to fly to Las Villas,
abandoning their horses in the river Ha
bana, many of the fugitives perishing in
Maritimas. Weyler considers that in Ha
vana and Matanzas there are no longer
great organized bands to disperse, and that
both provinces may be regarded almost
entirely pacified. The sugar properties in
the rear of the troops have already begun
to grind.'
"This information the Minister, Mr. Du
puy de Lome, authorizes me to give to the
United Associated Presses," said Mr. Du
bosc. '"Aside from the fact that it comes
from the Minister of Foreign Affairs it
has been confirmed by several other
sources and may be relied on as entirely
correct. The legation is very particular
not to give out news t»at cannot be sub
stantiated. This is the second dispatch
that the legation has mod's public in two
months. The other waa at the time of
Maceo's death, which was at first denied
here and in New York and afterward,
when it was no longer denied, it was im
puted to treachery.
"I should explain," Mr. Dubosc went
on, "that General Weyler started on his
present trip about ei<sht days ago. The
province of Pinar del Rio has been under
practical subjection ever since Maceo's
death. The province of Santa Clara can
hardly be said to have ever been in revolt,
and as a revolt we now have four pro
vinces in which there is little, if any, dis
turbance. When the new reforms for
Cuba are promulgated, as they will prob
ably be in the next fortnight, they will
be put into effect in all the six provinces
of Cuba. You ask me if the Cubans are
ready for these new measures. I have no
hesitancy in replying in the affirmative.
The only people who oppose the reforms
and desire the continuance ol revolution
are the patriots in New York. The rebels
in Cuba are anxious for peace. In my
opinion the days of the insurrection are
numbered."
MOST BARHARO US WARFARE.
Foreigners Protest in fain Against
Spanish Atrocities.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 23.— A dis
patch to the Sun from Havana says: In
the province of Havana the war has as
sumed the most barbarous character since
Wcyler gave his last orders to Jay waste
the entire country.
Around the town of Guines the Span
iards have destroyed everything. Noth
ing can stay their inhuman work, and the
property of either friend or foe is reduced
to ashes. Many foreigners have vainly
protested. The protest of a foreigner is
brought to Weyler, or, in his absence, to
his secretary, the Marquis de Pelmerala.
The reply is generally: "Let the foreign
ers present their claims through diplo
matic channels."
Senorita Sigarron, a distinguished
young woman, has received orders to leave
the island within a week under pain of
imprisonment. Another Cuban lady,
Etnelia Cordova, has received a similar
order of banishment. Clemencia Arango,
sister of the Cuban Colonel Raoul Arango,
was the victim of still more cruel treat
ment. The police searching her rooms for
letters from her brotner treated her so
rougiily as to arouse the indignation of all
the neighbors.
An editorof the Diarfo de la Marina was
summoned to the palace of Admiral Na
varro as soon as the news was circulated
of the destruction of the Spanish gunboat
Cometa by the insurgents near Cayamos,
Matanzas. The editor received orders to
deny the news, and accordingly the fol
lowing lines appeared in yesterday's edi
tion of the paper: "The splendid gunboat
Cometa is dbiug her duty on the coast of
Cuba. She has not been destroyed by the
insurgents. The press of New York has
again been deceived by the lies of the
Cuban sympathizers, who, by way of Key
West, send to the United States all kinds
of false reports." >
La Lucba publishes the same denial as
official, which relieves it of any responsi
bility in case the authorities are in the
wrong. However, the Cubans here have
ratified the news. It came to Havana
through a trustworthy Cuban agent.
That the town of Cayamos, where the
cunboat is said to have be n blown up,
surrendered to the insurgents and was
destroyed is beyond any question.
Admiral Navarro was so angry over the
news that be said; "I will order the
Cometa to enter Havana harbor with all
her flags flying and salute Morro Castle
with twenty shots." Time will show
whether Admiral Navarro is playing a
game of blnff.
In Brujo, Pinar del Rio province, a hot
engagement lasting four hours was fought
on Friday, in which the CuDans num
bered 2000 men. In Sagua another en-
I gairement of importance has occurred, in
which the Spanish Captain Carerras suf
fered losses, and the Cubans lost thiee
well-known leaders— Estanilas, Jose Rogue
and Pedro Nod arse.
Near Victoria de las Tunas another en
counter is reported between Calixto Garcia
and the Spaniards, in which a Cuban vic
tory is beyond any doubt. The Spaniards
confess to seven killed, which is an ex
traordiuary admission in an official report.
Around Havana and even in the poor
districts of the city famine is spreading
and if the destruction of all the country
continues, as Weyler intends, the misery
of the once rich capital of Cuba will at
tract the attention of the world. The
epidemic of smallnox is augmenting. The
cases number 3200 to-day.
ARIIESTISI* lH CUBA.
President Cleveland Submit* .Some In
formation to the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— The
Presiuent to-day sent to the Senate, in
response to a resolution, a list of American
citizens, either native born or naturalized,
who have been arreste.i in Cuba since the
beginning of the present insurrection,
together with the action taken in each
case. The arrests number seventy- four.
Of these seven have been tried, and ap
peals were taken in two instances from
the sentence imposed — those of Sanguilly
and Someilian. In the case of the five
Competitor prisoners a new trial has been
ordered. Seven American newspaper cor
respondents were also arrested and ban
ished. ________^__
SMALL FIREARMS IN DEMAND.
Chicago Dealers Have Not Done Such a
Thriving Business Since the B/g^
Railroad Sirike.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 'Js.— On the prin
ciple that it is an ill wind that blows no
one any good, dealers in small firearms
are congratulating themselves that the
carnival of store and street holdups has
given their business a more decided boom
than it has experienced since the great
railroad strike and the so-called Chicago
riots. Despite the heavy penalties pro
vided by law for the carrying of concealed
weapons it is said that from 50 to 60 per
cent of the male population who are out
after nightfall provide themselves with
means of protection. In most of the
saloons, especially in the outlying dis
tricts, a revolver can be found reposing on
a shelf under the bar or in the hip pocket
of the bartender, and the same applies to
drugstores and other places of business
such as restaurants that keep open until a
late hour or all night. In the business
offico of one of the largest gas companies
in the city a big navy revolver rests in full
view on the counter immediately beside
the cash drawer, although the receiving
clerk is protected from outside attacks by
ar. abundance of wire netting.
It is the consensus of opinion among
dealers that there are more revolvers be
ing carried or otherwise used for purposes
of protection in this city than ever before.
Loaded canes, on the other hand, are a
drug in the market. All the ticket-sellers
of the Metropolitan elevated road have
also been equipped with revolvers.
TOLUXTEEKS OF AMERICA.
Gathering at Xeto Ttork City to Attend
//»«• Grand < nunrii.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 25.— From all
sections of the country officers of the Vol
unteers of America are on their way to at
tend a grand council beginning next
Wednesday at headquarters, Union square
and Sixteenth street.
Besides Commander and Mrs. Booth
there will be present, among others. Lieu
tenaut-Colonels Fielding of Chicago,
Washington Blackhurst of San Francisco.
Cheeron of Grand Rapids, William Wool
ley of Buffalo and Patty Lindsay of New
York.
Perhaps th#t most important topic to be
discussed will be the question of branch
ing out in foreign fields. By-laws and
rules for the government of the Volun
teers will be adopted.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TO PROBE THE
GREAT SCANDAL
Speaker Cocmbs Announces
the Committee on the
Temporary Roll.
It Is Believed That an Effort
Will Be Made to Suppress
the Evidence.
Members of the Assembly Would
Rather Duckworth Take the
Blame Than Themselves.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 25.— Speaker
Coombs this morninc announced bis com
mittee to investigate the scandal of the
temporary roll. They are: Waymire,
Ken yon, Strain, Keables, Boone, Emmons
and Stanseli. The resolution authorizing
their appointment called for a fall, free
and fair investigation of all matters con
nected with the temporary organization
of the Assembly, and Judge Waymire
seems determined to carry on the inves
tigation in that way.
The committee met in the library at 5
o'clock this afternoon in a pokey corner
where the newspaper tiles are stored and
after calling the meeting to order Chair
man Waymire made a little speech call
ing the attention of the members to the
importance of the duty required of them
by the Assembly. "It »s our duty as
legislators," be said, "to allow no more
men to be employed than are necessary.
If we have permitted any more men to be
employed than are necessary we are to
blame. If Duckworth, as the clerk
charged by us to attend to this matter
that no more should be employed than
are necessary, has violated that duty we
should know it."
Waymire went on to say that he had
heard that Duckworth had remarked that
he would employ more men the next
time. It would be well to inquire wheiher
the clerk had made that remark. It was
In order for the committee to devise a plan
of procedure.
Enimons suggested that it would be
well to inquire how certain powers of at
torney got to Sacramento so soon after
the warrants for mileage, etc., had been
drawn. He moved that the committee
should first ascertain how many men
were employed in the temporary organi
zation, what it had cost, by what author
ity had they been employed, and whether
in appointing toem any wrong was com
mitted and who was to blame.
Chynoweth said that he had accepted
his appointment on the committee with
the understanding that he would be al
lowed to make a thorough investigation,
so as to place the blame wh ere it be
longed. Chynoweth was thereupon se
lected to examine witnesses on behalf of
the State.
Judson C. Brusie appeared as counsel
for Duckworth. Belshaw placed the com
mittee in possession of a letier which he
said be had recently received. It was
written on a letterhead of the Monterey
Meat Company and was signed "Thos.
Doud." The writer said that C. A. Rod
riguez, A. Gunzensdorfer and W. H.
Kearney, who had been placed on the
temporary roll at $5 per day, were in Mon
terey during the temporary organization
ot the Assembly and were not in Sacra
mento at all. They were intimate friends
of Duckworth. The letter concluded, "If
you will investigate you will find that N.
Friedman, the man who cashed so many
of the warrants, is Duckworth's brother's
political partner in San Francisco."
Brusie at this point entered a protest
against the mode of procedure pursued bp
the committee. He said that it would be
very unjust to Duckworth if the commit
tee accepted evidence in his absence and
which might be used against him subse
quently.
Emmons said that he was there as a
member of the Assembly to rmrga the As
sembly of the charge of stuffing the roll.
"It seems," he added, "that we are mak
ing a good deal of Duckworth and very
little of the investigation. Wherever the
blame is there let it be placed and let
everybody know it. I believe in going to
the root and bottom of this thing."
The remaining members of the commit
tee seemed to be of the same mind. It is
reported that an effort will be made by
Assemblymen on the committee to star
chamber the investigation, because tut
movers do not wish to have ail the facts
published regarding the appointments
made at their request, and several other
matters.
But the composition and temper of the
committee are such that the effort to sup
press the facts will fail. The people of
the State demand all the facts in the case
and they are entitled to have them through
the only unprejudiced medium— the press.
The committee will meet to-morrow after
the third reading of the file ha* been fin
ished, and will proceed to examine the
temporary roll and take evidence thereon.
Duckworth's brother i* satisfied with the
personnel of the committee. He exhibits
the following dispatch from the chairmen
of the Republican and Democratic com
mittees of Monterey County:
Salinas, Cal., Jan. 23, 1897.
To Hon. 8. J. Dmdtwortk: Yonr friends in
this county indorse the stand you have taken
in not resigning, and believe you are right.
Do not weaken for the sake of others.
M. R. Merbitt,
F. H. Lang.
iy BBtfATtS AXt> ASSK.V Bhl.
Bills of Small Importance and an Ap
propriation for Printing.
[ • SACRAMENTO,' Cal., Jan. 25.— 1n the
: Assembly to-day Shanahan arose to a
question of privilege and denied the asser
tion 1 made in a San Francisco paper that
lie had had "two friends pat on the tem
porary roll.
: Speaker Coombs announced the follow
ing committee to investigate ■ the Duck-
Worth matter: Way mire, Kehyon, Strain,
Starisell, Keables, fimmoiis-and Boone. l
Belfhaw's bill fixing tiie number of tem
porary and permanent attaches of future
Legislatures was reported back by the
Retrenchment Committee with the rec
ommendation that it be passed. Monk2
was given the liberty to withdraw his bill
covering temporary attaches.
A resolution for a constitutional conven
tion was introduced by Mead.
A bill to create a Normal School at San
Luis Obispo and appropriating $100,000
for the purpose was introduced.
The constitutional amendments were
made a speoial order for Tuesday next.
Harris, Malcolm and Ryan were named
as the committee to investigate the pur
chase of furniture under the Emmons
resolution.
Bettman moved that the Guatemala ex
j osi ion bill be made a case of urgency.
Carried, 55 to 8. The bill was passed,
after the rejection of an amendment pro
posed by Belßhaw reducing the at»propria
tion to |5000.
Leavo of absence was granted Chief
Clerk Duckworth, who was reported too
ill to attend to his duties.
After the pas age of three bills of minor
importance from the Code Commission an
adjournment was taken until 3 o'clock.
At the afternoon session Bettman read
a letter from Charle Bundschu on the
Guatemala Exposition. The letter stated
that the Guatemalan Government ba>i re
served a place for California and urged a
liberal appropriation, the bill baaring
upon this having been passe t earlier in
the day.
Somewhat of a sensation was sprung by
Cbynoweth. He stated that a certain bill
which had been introduce'! had been de
tained and not sent to the printer. He
understood the clerk had withheld it at
the request of some person aivi wanted to
know if thai was usuai. Speaker Coombs
stated that no one had a risrht to request
such action and the clerk bad no right to
comply with such a request Chynoweth
remarked that he knew why the bill had
been withheld. The Speaker, after con
sulting the clerk, stated that the clerk had
informed hint the bili bad been overlooked
and ordered the bill sent to the printer
immediately.
Caminetti introduced a resolution in
dorsing the Federal bill now before Con
gress for the establishment of a depart
ment of mines in the Federal Government.
It was adopted.
The first reading file was completed and
several bills of minor importance intro
duced.
The Senate held a short afternoon ses
sion. Wituington introduced a resolution
instructing a refusal to furnish copies of
bills to others than members' clerks. Car
ried. Buna later on offered an amend
ment including members of the uress
amone those entitled to bills. With
ington spoke again-t the amendment.
The amendment was carried.
Assembly bill 262, appropriating $30,000
for the use ot the State Printing Office,
with the committee amendment raising
the amount to $75,000, was taken up for
final reading.
Voorheis asked how much the Legisla
ture's printing would oast. Braunhart
wanted to confine the appropriation to
printing for theLjgisiature. Braunhart's
amendment was voted down. Tho bill
was passed; ayes 31, noes 4. During the
consideration of the bill Bulla, Smith of
Kern and D ckinson spoke of the printing
of voluminous reDorts of various officers
and commissions, expressing the opinion
that the State Printer was not altogether
to blame for the great cost of printing.
Senate bill 18, authorizing the employ
ment of a Japanese interpreter in criminal
proceedings in citie3 of over 100,000, was
passed on to the third reading file at the
request of Bulla, who stated he had a
similar bill before the committee which
he wished to substitute.
Assembly bill 10, relating to the re
demption of property sold for non-pay
ment of irrigation district assessments,
was taken up and passed on to the third
reading file, and as an emergency bill it
was read a third time and passed.
Androus offered a resolution asking
Congress to place a tariff of 2'^ cents per
pound on fresh grapes in aldition to the
present ad valorem tariff of 20 per cent.
The resolution was adopted.
TWO IXTEKEbIIAG EPISODES.
Peculiar Distribution of Printed Bill* to
He Investigated.
SACRAMENTO, Gal., Jan. 25.— There
were two interesting episodes in the Senate
chamber to-day. One was in reference to
the appropriation bill for the State Printer,
and the other bore on what Senator With
ington designated as "the robbery of the
sergearit-at arms' office."
It was the hour for the consideration of
Assembly bills, and under this head the
Assembly bill, amended co as to carry
175,000, as originally asked for by State
Printer Johnson, was called up. It had
been reduced by the Assembly to $30,000.
The Senate Finance Committee had re-
Etored the $75,000. Chairman Voorheis ad
dressed the Senate in behalf of the measure,
explaining that tbe State Printer had ap
pearei before the Finance Committee and
had made a showing that convinced them
of tbe necessity for the $75,000 appropria
tion.
Senator Withington was of the opinion
that the appropriation oupht to be cut
down to the figures fixed by the Assembly.
He charged that the expense of the State
.Printing Office had been greatly increased
by the cost of printing reports, argu
ments, etc., for the Railroad Commission
in connection with "the fake suit brought
by the Southern Pacific Company against
the Railroad Commission." He addsd
that all that bad been accomplished by
the expenditure of a large sum of money
in this suit bad been the overruling of a
demurrer. Withington was quite carried
away with his spasm of economy.
Yoorheis explained that this amount
was absolutely necessary if the business
of the Legislature were not to be blocked,
as there was absolutely no funds at pres
ent in the hands of the State Printer,
The amount asked for, he said, would
carry the State Printine Office to the end
of June, the close of the fiscal year, ana be
concluded by remarking that he did not
think it necessary for the Senate to make
a gallery play for reducing the amount, as
had beec done ia the Assembly.
The amendment to the Assembly bill
tiling the appropriation at $75,000 was
carried by a vote of 31 to 4.
Brannhart moved as an amendment to
the bill that the money appropriated
therein should be applied to priming for
the Legislature only. He explained that
be did not think it right for the Legisla
ture at this time to provide for a deficiency
in the State Printing Office. There was
some argument, and on being pot to a
vote the amendment was defeated by 6
ayes to 26 noes.
It is a notorious fact that for torn c days
it has been impossible for any one, Sena
tors included, to get copies of certain bills,
notwithstanding that a special resolution
was passed early in the session providing
that Senators, newspaper correspondents
and others properly entitled to them
should be provided with copies of all
Senate documents. Trie annoyance cre
ated by this state of affairs became
so aggravated to-day that Senator With
ington was impelled to introduce the fol
lowing:
Resolved, That the sergeant-at-arms be and
be is hereby instructed and directed to pro-
Tide no persons other than Senator*, the Sen
ftte commiueea and the statutory officers of
SENATOR HOLLOWAY, Chairman of the Committee on Attaches and Contingent Expenses.
the Senate with any Assembly or Senate bills,
and that he is specially instructed not to lur
nish to persons not so connected with the
Senate any bills or other documents in his
charge for distribution.
This was viewed as being aimed directly
against the news-paper men, but no oppor
tunity was given them to be heard in the
matter until it had been passed, thought
less as it would appear, without a dissent
ing vote.
When Senator Withington was asked if
his resolution was intended to apply to
newspaper correspondents he replied, in m
tone of indignant virtue: "Certainly.
We propose to stop these robberies of the
sergeant-at-arms' office."
Subsequently Senator Bulla moved to
reconsider Withington's resolution, and
in the course of the debate which followed
Withington charged tne Los Angeles Sen
ator with obstructing legislation by tak
ing up the time of the Senate in behalf of
the newspaper men, and implying that he
had interested motives in so doing.
Bulla'd motion to reconsider was carried,
and the objectionable resolution was
amended so as to exclude the newspaper
correspondents from its operation.
After the adjournment of the Senate
Bulla took Withington to task for his re
flection on Bulla's action, and quite a
heated altercation took place. The sym
pathy of the Senate, as its action proved,
was decidedly with Bulla and the cause he
espoused.
Incidentally it may be staled that 500
copies of each Senate bill are ordered
printed, and that out of this number 100
are sent to the Assembly, 200 are used to
supply, presumably, although not in real
ity, various State offices and newspaper
correspondents, and sixty are for distri
bution among the Senators and statutory
officers of tbe Senate. Not since the ses
sion began has any correspondent bad a
copy of a bill placed on his desk, and what
becomes of the additional 140 copies of
bills is a mystery.
Senator Bulla stated to-day that he had
heard that one of the attaches in the office
of the sergeant- at- arms bad been each
day mailing forty-five complete files of all
bills to some individual, for which service
he was receiving v compensation of $5 a
day. Scrgeant-at-Arms Blackburn denies
that this is to. There may be an investi
gation of the sergeant-at-arms' office.
GLSERAL LEGISLAIIOX.
Bills That Propose to Make Reeded
Chang** in the Law.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. Assem
blyman Kelly introduced a bill this morn
ing amending section 330 of the Penal
Code. The bill is numbered 507 and makes
it a felony for any person to own, con
duct, deal or play at any game of faro,
monte, roulette, lansquenet, rouge et noir,
rondo, tan, studhorse poker, seven and
a half, twenty-one, or any nickel in the
slot machines, or any machine that is
played with cards, dice, etc., or who sells
pools or makes books on race?. Bettors
on races and buyers of pools are liable to
conviction for misdemeanor. ■
Mr. Gately in Assembly bill 471 aNo
makes things disquieting for the sporting
fraternity.
Assemblyman Harris' bill 473 authoriz
ing the employment of a specialist in
sociological education in counties and
cities and counties and providing for the
duties ana execution of his work is a re
markable proposition. It is a step out
side the beaten p ith of legislation in Cali
fornia, hence it will be read with interest:
First — Whenever, in any connty, or city and
county of thin State, the average daily at
tendance of pupils during any school year
shall be 25,000 or more, and whenever the
number of inmates confined in the county, or
city and county jails, prisons, reformatories,
poorhouses or ulmshousee. and hospitals of
any county, or city and county, shall be 1000
or more, the Superintendent of Schools, Sher
iff and Recorder in and for the county, or city
and count?, are hereby authorized, empow
ered and required, within thirty days after
this act takes effect, to appoint and employ a
suitable person who shall be known as "spe
cialist in sociological education."
Second— The duties of the specialist in
socio.ogical education are as follows:
1. To prepare for circulation and distrlon
tion among the mothers of school children
and the teachers of primary and grammar
grades of the public schools of the county, or
city and county, sociological data and litera
ture which will better equip them with
knowledge for the moral, mental and physical
training of childhood,' and cause a co-opera
tion of the parent and class teacher in the
training and education of the pupil and all
needs 01 childhood. Said literature to contain
in part suggestions for eradicating, or at least
modifying or correcting, unfavorable tenden
cies in mind, will and body, where such may
exist, by implanting and developing in
children at an early period sucn mental, moral
and : physical habits as will serve to pre
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1897.
vent or lessen delinquency, dependency
or defectiveness; the consideration of
and notes upon social patho'ogy
or the cause of detrimental forms of abnor
mality, or all classes of individuals who, from
mental, moral or physical defects, are depend
ent upon or injurious to society; an analysis
of the antecedents or causes of social disease
as a necessary preliminary to its prevention or
amelioration; the consideration of education
in its relation to the moral, mental and physi
cal development of individuals and society,
and its direct bearing on those pathological
eiements that tend to social degeneration.
2. To prepare and have printed a form or
blank, to be used by tha teachers of the pri
mary and grammar grades of the county, or
city and county, in securing the personal and
antecedent clinical or other history of each
registered pupil. The teacher shall request
each parent to complete the form, or blank,
and shall cause the same to be filed for the
perusal of the specialist in sociological educa
tion. Upon the promotion of each chi d the
teacher shall transmit the said history to the
teacher of the next nigher grade, and it snal
be passed on in like manner by each teachel
until the pupil is graduated or retires from
scnool, when it shall be returned to the pupil
or parent.
3. TJDon the request of the Superintendent of
Schools to attend the county or city and
county institutes, and he may lecture before
them on sociology in its relation to the public
schools and the profession of teaching.
4. To study crime and pauperism with refer
ence to drunkenness, the use of opium, mor
phine and other dfugs, idiocy, insanity and
other nervous diseases, or to inquire into the
causes which are producing the criminal and
pauper population, and to suggest remedies
based upon the results of an examination of
the organic aud psychical constitution of per
sons comprising the said population of the
county or city and county, and their life as re
lated to their physical and social environ
ment.
5. Upon the request of the District Attorney
in criminal trials where tbe defense is insan
ity he may not as counsel and as an observer of
the accused during the trial, or in any other
medico -legal capacity; provided, however,
upon the expression of a desire by a pauper
prisoner to have counsel for his defense
assigned by the court he may, in the advance
ment of the study of social pathology, be
appointed as such counsel by any magistrate
before whom the accused is arraigned.
0. To collect, assort, systematize and present
in biennial reports statistical details relating
to the different branches of sociology and the
several subdivisions ot criminal anthropology,
and all such other information as he may
deem essential to further the object sought to
be obtained by this statute, together with^uch
comments on social diseases and the probable
future of the lame as he may deem good and
salutary. Copies of such reports to be filed
with the Superintendent of Schools, Recorder,
Sheriff, Legislature, Governor, Superintendent
of. Pubic Instruction, ana ihe principals of
the State normal schools.
It shall be the duty of all the officers
of any jail, prison, morgue, reformatory, pub
lic poorhnuse, asylum, or almsbouse and hos
pital within the State, or any other public
officer to lurnish, upon written request oi the
specialist in sociological education, all infor
mation in their power necessary to assist in
carrying out the objects of this act. The
specialist shall have free access to all such
institutions for the purpose of investigating
social pathology, and may be permitted to per
form therein autopsies upon the bodies of de
ceased persons, or to be present at the same,
or in a manner as mentioned in sections 3093
and 3<3i14 of the Political Code; and all print
ing required by the specialist in tbo discharge
of his duty shall be performed by the State
Printing Department, and at least 3000 copies
of the printed report shall be furnished the
specialist for free distribution among the Su
perintendents of Schools of the counties, and
cities and counties, and the various public
libraries and educational institutions in the
State.
Third— Any person who willfully impedes or
prevents the specialist in the lull and free
performance of his duty in any public institu
tion or place or other manner shall be guilty
of a misdemeanor.
Fourth— lt shall be the duty ol the Board of
Supervisors of the county or city and county
to fit up and" furnish rooms for the use of the
specialist in the building occupied by the
Superintendent of Schools; to appropriate a
sum not exceeding $500 each year for sta
tionery, postage and other contingent ex
penses of the specialist in sociological edu
cation; to allow and authorize the employ
ment of such clerical or other assistance by
the specialist as they may deem reasonable;
and such expenses shall be audited and paid
as other accounts are audited and paid by the
county or city and county.
Fifth— The Board of Education of the county
or city and county, on the recommendation of
the specialist, may prescribe and enforce all
rules necessary to further the object sought to
be attained by this act
Sixth— The specialist in sociological educa
tion must be licensed to practice medicine,
surgery and law in all counties and cities and
counties of this State; and in the perform
ance of his duties as specialist, his appoint,
ment and employment as such shall continue
for the same period of time that the regular
class teachers of the primary and grammar
schools are now appointed and employed in
the county, or city and county. The salary of
the specialist in sociological education shall
be the same as that now paid tne Superin
tendent of Schools in and for. the county, or
city and county, and shall be paid in the
s»me luanner that the salary of such Superin
tendent of Schools is now paid.
Seventh— The specialist may employ an ex
pert shorthand reporter, whose qualification*
shall be the same as that fixed for official re
porters by section two hundred and seventy of
the Code of Civil Procedure, and whose com
pensation shall be one-half of the amount
now allowed official reporters for transcrin
tiou and per diem in the trial of criminal
cases in the Superior Courts. The demand for
such services shall bo certified by the special
ist and audited and paid out ot the treasury
of the county, or city and county.
Assemblyman Canavan desires to see
Washington's birthday celebrated- in a
better style than it has been, and intro
duced a bill this morning designating
February 22 as Arbor day. The bill pro
vides that the Governor of the State and
the Mayors of each city or town shall
take part in the public planting of trees,
and that they shall personally plant at
least one tree, shrub or flower in or on
some public square, park or roadway on
Arbor day. In portions of the State
wtiere the climate will not permit of
tree-planting on February 22 the Super
visors shah designate a day as may be
best suited to climatic conditions.
MAY PJ»a IH.E BILL.
Braunhart Teru Anxious to Jteauee the
Streetcar Fare*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 25.— When
the San Francisco delegation held its first
official meeting as a Senate committee to
day it took up Senate bill 30, providing
for reducing streetcar fares in San Fran
cisco during certain hours of the morning
and evening to 1% cents. Senator Dick
inson opposed the 'motion to report it
favorably, and said that before any action
was taken the street railways to be
affected should be given a hearing.
Braunhart called attention to the fact
that the bill was in the hands of th° Com
mittee on Corporations, of which Dickin
son is a member, for some time before it
was reported favorably to the San Fran
cisco delegation. It was finally decided
to report the measure favorably to-mor
row.
The author of the bill claims there is no
reason why the measure should not pass.
He alleges it is neither unconstitutional
nor unjust, as claimed by its opponents. In
support of his measure he cites an article
in a publication known as "City Govern
ment." Using the facts and figures con
tained in this article the author of the 2%
--cent measure said:
"It is a well-known fact, and one ac
knowledged by the street railway people,
that San Francisco residents do more
riding in proportion to population than
any city in the world. The annual gross
receipts of the Market-street system alone
are $3,000,000, sad though it is capitalized
for about $17,500,000, it pays fair dividends
every year.
"I have no doubt that it can be proved
that the actual value of the plant is but a
small portion of this amount. All that I
claim, under the circumstances, is that if
the Toronto street railway, with a less
percentage of riding population than San
Francisco railways enjoy, can afford to
carry passengers for from 2% to 4 cents
eacb, tnose of Ban Francisco should cer
tainly be able to do the same, and even
considerably better."
COMPE2JI iu\ Jy SOCK.
Snail the Product of the Folsom. Crusher
Compel* it/i Mr tie Labor?
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 25.—Compe
tition iii crushed rock between prison aud
free labor formed the principal topic of
discussion before the Senate Committee
on State Prisons to-day. :
The question was whether the product
of .the Folsom rock-crasher should be put
on the market in full competition with
that of private crushers, or should be
used only for highways outside of cities. .
It was decided to refer to the Attorney-
General whether it would be lawful to fix
two prices for : the Folsom product — one
price for rock to be used in the streets of
cities and a lower price for ; that to be
used on country roads. Another way out
of the difficulty that was suggested was to
fix a compromise price of 40 cents a ton
at the crusher." The present price is 25
cents. -While this is said to be satisfactory
to the competitors of the prison establish
ment, it is feared there may be opposition
.to it from those interested in the improve
ment of country highways. It was de
cided to recommend for passage the bill
appropriating $18,000 for 300 acres of im
proved land contiguous to the Folsom
prison grounds, to be used for agricultural
purposes.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
MORE WORKERS
THAN ORATORS
Outside of San Franciscans
There Are Few Spsak
ers in the Assembly.
Most of the Hard Labor of th>
bessioi Is Done Diring Com
mittee Meetings.
Members W rking laJu-.triou I 7at
Afternoon and Night Sessions
That Last Very Late
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Jan. 25. — The
Assembly is fairly getting used to the bar
ness of legislation, and a ttioug 1 half-day
sessions have been the rale during the
past three weeks, for the purpose of giving
the committees an opportunity of meeting
and work ng upon the bills, which to-day
reached the total of 519, fair progress has
been made.
Committee work is much more import
ant thud the mere onlooker would think.
The weiding of similar bills into one
uniting the good features and eliminating
the bad leatures of ail saves whole days of
time to the Assembly. For instance, two
members of the House have on more than
one occasion introduced bill?, some of
which were duplicates of others, word for
word. Then Senate bills have come in
duplicate of Assembly bills. The doubles
are thrown out, and ball a dozen illls on
the same subject and to the sume purport
are fused into one. Add to those combi
nations the bills reported upon adversely
and the pile of abou* a thousand bills in
both house-* will be materially reduced.
While the As>embly may have appeared
to be taking things easily, the same peo
ple when divided imo committees have
worked like wolves in full chase after a
fat porker. They have afternoon sessions
and night sessions, and the reporters have
their bands more than lull in chasing
around after the fifty committees imo
which the membership of both houses is
divided. Tne present session has devel
oped the fact that the Capitol building is
much too small to accommodate the com
mittees. Several have been obliged to
hold meetings in uncomfortable corners
ot the library. Others met in the base
ment, others in the attic and others in the
Assembly and Senate chambers. Their
afternoon sessions are long, sometimes
continuing untif after the dinner hour,
and the evening sessions are often pro
tracted until after midnight.
The Republican majority under the able
leadership of that shrewd tactician, Judge
Dibble of San Francisco, and the Demo
cratic minority— part of it fused with the
lost cause of Populism — under the leader
ship of the quiet but wily Caminetti, seem
to be determined to do the right thing for
the people, although the Demo-Pops spend
much valuable time and wind in trying to
mate political capital out of the mistakes
of the majority.
The Assembly, this session, has not yet
given any striking illustration of brilliant
oratory or statesmanship. With the ex
ception of the 6an Francisco delegation,
it seems to be made up of new material of
a different mold; not so showy as their
predecessors, but bent on business. Not
much time has been wasted in speeches,
and in fact there are not more than half a
dozen men in the House who can make a
speech that even the unthinking gallery
will applaud. Of these half a dozen Dib
ble stands at the head, and those who
have heard Judge Dibble speak in public
may be able to form a good estimate of
the rest.
Belshaw has some fire, but is impetuous
and is liable to say the thing in haste trial
is afterward repented of at leisure. North
is also fluent with the fluency of a turbid
flood in the snow- melting season, but the
big white polkadots in his necktia attract
the attention of the spectators 100 much
from the subject matter of his remarks,
dazing or hypnotizing them with white
spots on their minds. Treacy of Jan Fran
cisco speaks from the shoulder, and Leon
Dennery uses the stuffed club of oratory
in a surprisingly agile and gymnastic way.
Kelly, Henry, Pohiman aud Jones do not
aspire to the laurels that crown the brow
of the orator. They introduce bills and
work for them in a quiet and effective way.
Cutter is a ferocious speaker, and is at his
best in a cyclone.
It would be much easier to point out the
speakers who are missed than those who
are here. Spencer of Lassen, who made
so gallant a fight at t c last session for
woman suffrage, Jud B-rusie of Sacra
mento and a few more whose voices are
not heard in legislative balls are among
those whose loss is the most conspicuous
and whose piaces as entertaining speakers
remain unfilled.
But it requires a great occasion to bring
forth great speakers. The occasion has
not yet arisen in the life of this session,
and when it does who knows but that a
Kelly, a Damon, a Chynowetb, a Robin
son, a Guy, a Breiling, a Burnham or a
Price may not arise in his seat and stir
the gallery with the unwonted thrill of
eloquence that comes from the heart,
coaling the tongue with honey and gold
as in olden days when heroes moved 1 the*
souls of men co deeds of daring and re
nown.
The San Francisco delegation this even
ing agreed to report favorably upon
Treacy's Assembly bill 427, which pro
vides for t tie establishment of a municipal
hospital for dipsomaniacs and morphine,
opium and alcohol inebriates, in munici
palities of the first ciass, namely, San
Francisco. The bill has already been pub
lished in The Call.
The Assembly Committee on Prisons
this evening agreed to report favorably
Ennis' bill appropriating |BUOO for addi
tional machinery and tools for the State
rock-crushing plant at Folsom.
J.OS AAGELEs' DILEMMA.
jftot let Heady to Support a Firttt-Clata
tjitv Government.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 25.— Senator
Bulla wants tbe minimum limit of popu
lation for cities of the first class raided
from 100,000 to 250,000. He explained on
the floor of tbe Senate to-day that Los
Angeles was now so near tbe 100.000 limit
that she would soon be within tbe first
class and tbat many hardships might thus
be imposed on her.
If Senator Denison's bill relative to tbe
examination of applicants for admission
to the practice of law, which he intro
duced to-day, becomes a law, the number
of embryo lawyers turned out each year
may be considerably reduced. It provides
that enminatlons-snall be held at least
twice eucb year, either before the court in
bank, before either department or at
chambers, as tb« coiirt may prescribe.
No examination shall be for a shorter time
than two hours, nor shall the questions
to,be answered bs less than fifty. Sach
questions shall bo prepared by the Justices
of the Supreme Court and at each exami
nation shall Oe the same for each appli
cant, and no applicant shall be admitted
to practice by the Supreme Co'irt wno
does not correctly answer three-founhs of
the questions submitted to him, nor sha 1
the same set of questions be used a second
time within live years from their first use.
Senator Dickinson, with a view to pro
vdina permanent camp-* of instruction
and sites for target practice for the militia,
to-day offered the following bill:
The Adjutant-Genera! and two p-rsons to be
appointed by the Governor, one of whom shall
be a resident ol Lc» Angeles and the other a
resident of San Francisco, are hereby ap
pointed commissioners lor the purpose of
sen ciiug and acquiring, by donation or pur
chase, two suitable sites ior camps of instruc
tion aud target practice for the National
Guard of the State of Ca ifornia. One of such
sites shall be the one, in the judgment of said
commissioners, most available for the troops
of the northern part of the State and the other
for the southern part of the State. Said com
missioners *ha:l also have the power to make
such improvements on the grounds and the
approaches thereto and erect such buildings
thereon as will put the property so selected in
a condition suitable for the reception of or
ganizations oi the National Guard ordered to
camps of instruction and for target practice.
The bill carries an appropriation of
$40,000.
Senator Pedlar evidently has an idea
that the office of attorney for the State
Board of Health and the Board of Health
of San Francisco is a sinecure, and to-day
introduced a bill aboiishinz that position.
If the bill is passed it will save $3000 a
year to the State.
VOORHEIS H*B THE RECORD.
Leads in the Avalanche of Bills Dumped
in the Senate.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 25.— For the
three weeks' session of the Senate ending
Friday last 466 bills have been introduced,
an average of about thirty-two for each
working day. If this rate is maintained
to the end of the period allowed for the
introduction of bills — ten days before the
close of the session -there will have been
introduced more than 1000.
The most prolific in this line, and easily
first, is Senator Voorheis, who has sixty
nine bills to his credit. Then comes Sea
well with 25; Bulla, Bert and Stratton,
each with 24; Braunhart with 23, Dickin
son with 22 aud Morehouse with 20. Shine
has a clear record to-day, not a single
measure having been introduced by the
Senator of the Twelfth District. Shippee
was guiltless until the 18th, Trout until
the 20th and Franck until the 21st. Flint,
Franfc and Luchsinger have each intro
duc d but one bill. Voorheis unloaded
forty-eight at a single sit ing on the 13th.
In accordance with the report of the
Committee on Rules, the San Francisco
Delegation Committee was formally
created by the Senate to-day as a regular
standing committee. Senator Mahoney,
being the senior Senator in service, was
elected chairman.
George W. Elder, well-known in San
Francisco in connection with reforms in
street Work, was to-day appointed assist
ant bill clerk in the office of the serjeant
at-arms, vice J. D. Wiseman, discharged
last week.
MARIA O*+HlAi.S OCS2JSV.
County Supervisors Make Appointments
■ and Undue* Salaries.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Jan. 25.— At an
adjourned meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors to-day an almost clean sweep
was made of the incumbents of official
places under the control of the board and
new appointments were made. These
officials were: The county physician, su
perintendent of the County Hospital and
Poor Farm, janitor of the Courthouse and
grounds, night watchman of the Court
house and two guards for the prisoners at
work on the Tibnron boulevard. The
board had requested the resignations
of the incumbents, but these not being
forthcoming, an order was passed declar
ing the offices vacant, and then the fol
lowing appointments were made: County
physician, Dr. W. F. Jones, vice Dr. W.
J. Wickman; superintendent of County
Hospital and Poor Farm, James Saunders,
vice James Bradley; Courthouse janitor,
V. Guide, vice M. Hennessv; night watch
man, George W. Atchley. vice M. O'Brien.
The salary of county physician is fixed
at $600 per annum. It was heretofore paid
by fees, which amounted to much more.
The salary of superintendent is reduced
from $100 to $85, that of janitor from $90
to $60, that of night watchman to $55
from $60 a month. ■
WARSHIPS A*i' ttAN DIEGO.
Will Remain for the Water Fete in Honor
nf Admiral Beard* lee.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., Jan. 25.— The fleet
of United States warships now in port
here includes the monitors Monterey,
Monadnock and the steamers Albatross
and Corwin. The Philadelphia and Ore
gon are expected to arrive within a fort
ni.cht.
Extensive preparations are being made
for the water carnival, to be held next
month. The fireworks committee to-day
closed a contract for $1500 worth of fire
works. The voting for goddess of the
carnival will begin to-morrow. A tele
gram received to-nigtit from Esquimau
says H. M. S. Iraperiease and Nymphe
will be here for the carnival.
San Di-go Filibuster Sold.
SAN DIKGO, Cal., Jan. 25.— The
schooner Wahlberg, which took arms and
ammunition to Honolulu during the
revolution in 1894, and was afterward
seized at this port, was to-day sold to
Professor Anthony of the Smithsonian
Institution, who will tit out the «chooner
to sail down the Mexican coaat on a cruise
for curios, shells, algae and other speci
men*.
JTEW TO-DAY. -. V.'':
OLD GRIST MILL
Entire
WHEAT COFFEE
The only perfect HEALTH bever-
age— resembling REAL coffee so
closely that connoisseurs are de-
ceived. ■■■'•■
No more heartburn, biliousness nor
indigestion if you'll use it. .
In 1-lb. boxes at all leading grocers.
POTTER & WRiaHTINdTON,
BOSTON. MASS.
Baja California
Dam ian a Bitters
ISA powerful, aph< ODISIAC and
specific tonic for the sexual and urinary orKans
of Loth sexes, 1 nd a great remedy for diseases of
tbe kidneys . and bladder.' ■ A great .Restorative,
I vigorator and Nervine Sells on its own Merits;
no long-winded testimonial* nt-ce - sary. - '
: NABER.ALFS ft IiRLNK, Agents, - i
333 Market St., S. I\— (Send ios Circular)
The Nerves of Life
IT IS A GOOD THING FOR EVERY ONE TO
I know that when they worry or Iret or over- .
exhaust their train they afreet these nerves,
because these nerves originate in the brain
and are distributed to the throat, lungs, liver,
heart and stomach. If people would really
study the human anatomy more and be less
prudish they would live better and longer
fives. It is only a little wnile ago that tha
Puritan would cover the uprights of a piano
so that no one could see its extremities in bold
outline. These days have passed away ani
men and women are leading better lives and
are leading more accurate lives. We espe-
cially appeal to young men. YOUNG MAN,
have you a true discernment of the difficulties
with which you have surrounded yourself?
Do you realize that your nights of dissipation
and no sleep hive brought on your present
decline? Have you erred in youth? Have
you exhausted your nerve forces? If you have
abused yourself, kept too late hours or dissi-
pated in any oilier form it is now time for you
to halt. .
BE WISE-NOT FOOLISH.
BE MNLY-NQT BASHFUL.
BE VIGOROUS-HOT WEAK.
BE POWERFUL-HOT PUNY.
The great "HUDYAN" treatment is the ri?ht
treatment to build you up. "HUDYAN" is a
remarkable remedio-treatment created for the
use of men. It is a treatment that
has been used by the phys cians of the Hud-
son Medical institute for many years. It has
been tried by hundreds and hundreds of young
and middle-aged men all over the United
States. It is a success. It actually does its
work. Files and files and files of testimonials
tell that "HUDYAN" is a great cure. These
testimonials are in th 1 offices of the Hudson
Medical institute. TM» Hucieou Medical insti- ,
tute is the largest institute on the Pacific *
Coast. This is not an advertising bra?; this /
is not said in ostentation. If you will look /
over the Institutes in San Francisco you will j
find that the Hudson Medical Institute occu-
pies the largest building— a building contain-
ing 30 rooms. The physicians of the Hudson^
Medical Institute have in their office* a variety
of hydropathic and electrical instruments. If
you are living within callin? you ought to call.
It will pay you to call. If you cannot call
write to the Hudson Medical Ins.itute for
CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS.
BLOOD POISON. ' When your blood is out
of order, when your blood
BLOOD POISON, is tainted, you will notice
that your hair is tailing
BLOOD POISON, out, your breath is offen-
sive, your tongue is swol-
BLOOD POISON, len, your throat. is sore.
You have lumps about
BLOOD POISON, your body. You have
srlandnlar lumps. You
BLOOD POISON, have spots on your body—
copper-colored si>ot3. It
BLOOD POISON, may be in the first, sec-
ondary or tertiary state.
BLOOD/POISON. The best cure is the 30-
-d»y cure. Consult the
BLOOD POISOA'. Hudson doctors about the
30-day cure, or write for
BLOOD POISON. 30-day cure circulars free.
HUDSON MEDICAL IN-
BLOOD POISON. STITUTE, Stockton, Ellis
'•><:■::>' and Market Streets.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Frit,
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free,
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advise! by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
' Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
CATARRH A 1 A lift II
LOCAL DISEASE . 9l£Uvs'*B|
and is the result of colds f^Q?*MBAUn^BV
and sudden climatic ■^f» A c % co^l L-
change*. \ W^'^H^^lf
. This remedy does not con- KiJ^^ER mg v M
tain mercury or any other R3*j ttf§£J&k
injurious drug. Kg* >^w^S
cream v |alm W<oom
Opens and cleans the Nasal I '||| ,!» IV 111? I Ik
fans&KPs, Allays Pain and VvLl/ »•• UL 11/
inflammation. Heals and Protects the Membrane
from. Colds. Restores the Seuses of Tasta *ni
smell. Is quickly aborted. c;" relief ,£^onc^
WMntsatDrouUu.orb/ mail; samples l 0 07
BROTHERS, 58 Warren street. New York
00-00000000000
AN EXCELLENT
T\ 7T j? AT Properly prepared and
I VI rY/"\ I promptly ■ served, can
*'" Ji **-/ always be obtained In
THE .GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly ■ the pit A •"^TT"
Dining Apart- PALACE
ment in town. mmoßSßeMßwrnmrnmsaaamtm
0000000000000
gHPS|DR. DALL'S REISYIGOII4TOS
Ktve hunilrej reward !or any ens*w»
p*S Bk4 cannoi cure. Tins SBCKKTKK.H-
I •:. -Ti 9 Ei>Y stops all losses: in 24 boars.
Five hundred reward !or any cas» <*%
cannot cure. 'J kUH SBCRKT KK.\£.
E.'Y stops all losses In 24 hoars,
Jagg X&1 cures Emissions, Impotency, Vorioi>
f*fc Pml cele - Uonorrimea, Gleet, fits, Stria-
*M lIkLI tare*. Blood Disease and all waitiax
Sg K^ effect* of -elf Abuse or Kxcesiet 1
IPHwJHISg sent sealed. «2 per bottle. THKcii
BOTTLES. $5: (tuar»nteed to cure any casa. L.
IML. HALL'S MEDICAL I.VSTITUiK, V
055 Broadway. Oakland, Cat - , '
AH private «Ua*>»aß4 uaicitly turud. fc*u4 tor
tM* booic
(JOSMOPOILIZTA.N,
Opposite V. ■'. 8. : Mint, . 100 and 102 Fifth st., h«i
Francisco, Cat.— The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room fl, $1 25 and $1 50 par
day, according to room. Meaia 25c. Rooms »0a
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the note*,
ixjoit for the couch bearing ihe name of the Co*-
AOMUIM H<ML WM. VAUMi, VlOJWitt*TURPIE TALKS FOR
CUBAN FREEDOM
Reviews the History of the
Island for the Past
Fifty Years.
Assails the President's Policy of
Refusing to Recognize
Belligerency.
Weyier He Terms a Diminutive Rep
til) and a Slayer of Women
and Children.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— 1n his
opening prayer in the Senate this, morn
ing the chaplain referred to the illness of
the senior Senators from Indiana and
Mississippi— Messr.-. Yoorhees and George
— and to the tribute to be paid to-day to
ex-Speaker Crisp of Georgia, giving
thanks for "the army of noble men who
have served and are serving this nation."
Cardinal Gibbons, wearing the red skull
cap of his orHce, occupied for a few
minutes a seat in the diplomatic gallery,
and ex-Sena;or Henderson of Nebraska a
seat in the reserved gallery.
A communication was laid before the
Senate from the Attorney-General in re
spouse to a resolution of Saturday last in
relation to the foreclosure proceedings in
the case of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company.
Burrows (R.) of Michigan presented
petitions on the subject of the Senatorial
election in Delaware, and Chandler (R.) of
New Hampshire gave notice that it was
his purpose to suggest to the Senate
wheth er some methods cannot be estab
lished to "prevent the wholesale larceny of
senatorships in various States.'"
Pettigrew (Sil.) of Soutn Dakota offered
a resolution for a special committee of
five Senators to inquire into the issue of
land patents to the Pacific railroads and
to the California and Oregon Railroai,
and to the diversion from the reports of
gross earnings of the sums paid to the Pa
c;fic Mail Steamship Company. Referred.
Cbandier (R.) of New Hampsnire intro
duced a bill, which was referred to the
Judiciary Committee, providing that no
person shall be tried in courts cf the
United States for acts in aid of the Cuban
Fi.epublic.
Ihe Military Academy appropriation
bill was taken up, the pending question
being on the position of the West
Point cadets in the approaching inaugural
ceremonies.
After remarks by Thurs ton (R.) of Ne
braska in support of the amendment the
bi 1 was laid aside to give Turpie (D.) of
Indiana an opportunity to address the
Senate in regard to Cuban matters.
It was 12:35 p. m. when Senator Turpie
took the floor to make his promised speech
on our relations wild Cuba. The galleries
were scarcely one-quarter filled, and the
Senator's thin, non-resonant voice was
drowned in the opening paragraphs oy
ihe buzz ol conversation on tne floor. He
read a voluminous tyce-written manu
script, asserting that evun before the pur
chase of Florida by the United States,
Spain's title to Cuba was no more valid
than to Chile, Colombia and Mexico, but
after thai event its title became much
more dilapidated.
The Declaration of Independence of the
United States, he c'aimed. was for every
people to ebtab'.ish a Government of
its choice and there cou.d be no crime
asainst municipal law or against the Gov
ernment disavowed by buch a decree.
S;nce 1850 there had not been ten years of
continuous peace in Cuba, and hundreds
of thousands of citizens of that country
had taken up arms to assert their rights
and stop existing forms of tyranny and
despotism.
What then, he asked, was the duty of
Congress in the premises? The constitu
tional power given by Congress to regu
late commerce wnn foreign nations, cc
declared with much emptias's. included
the fc m of recognition of governments.
•He elaborated upon ibe definition o: the
word "commerce,'' with some brief illus
trations dtrived from t c use of the term
. as applied between the sexes, and which
raised a titter of laughter, and with num
erous references to the legal definitions of
the term "commerce," as construed by the
courts.
Considering the clear language of the
constitution — which conferred upon Con
press the law-making power, not the law
passing power, Hiia thai a veto could al
ways- be overridden by a two-thirds vote —
i: was plain to him, he said, that there
was a scheme in the constitution for gov
ernment by Congress alone as well as srov
erument by the President and Conere^ in
unison. The President might make a
treaty and Congress confirm it, but Con
gress could the next dny repeal it.
At this point the Senator became ener
getic, and brought his tist down on his
desk with much iorce, which scattered
his noted in every direction, but a couple
ol active pages picked up bis notes, and
Mr. lurpie continued bis remarks, which
were listened to with much interest by
those on the Democratic side.
The Senator concluded by saying that
ho had not originally approved the form
of the Senator from Pennsylvania's
(Cameron) resolution, but approved of the
effect of it.
Tne hour of 2 p. M. having now arrived,
the Nicaragua canal Dill was laid before
the Senate, but on request of Morgan (D.)
of Alabama was postponed until to-mor
row.
Then Tnrpie began the second part of
his speech on the President's relation to
Congress in regard to the? recognition of
Cuban beliigerencv. He illustrated the
existing state of affairs in Cuba, contend
ing that seventeen years aeo the Spaniards,
by agreeing to an exchange of prisoners,
had recoenized Cuban belligerency. He
compared the two troche erected by Wey
ler to the wall built by Roman in Britain
to keep out the Scots, and said the object
of the trochas was plainly to prevent the
capture of Havana by thie forces of the
Cuban republic.
He dencunceu Weyler as a diminutive
rapttle, who used his sword against wo
men and children and fcught the enemy
with paper pellets, and said that Weyler's
ppology for Zertucha's betrayal ot Maceo
by stating that Maceo feli in "loyal bat
• tie" was a recognition of belligerency and
an acknowledgment of the existing con
dition of war.
Speaking of the recognition of the bel
ligerency of the Cubans by the United
States he said it would enable them to
issue letters of marque and drive Spain's
commerce from tue oceans, Bnd would
leaa finally to the recognition of a new
nationality.
It being now 3 P. M. Mr. Turpie sus
pended his speech, and, after receiving
the President's message giving the list of
persons claiming to be American citizens
arrested in Cuba, the Senate suspended
business to listen to entogies on the late
ex-Speaker Crisp, and immediately after
adjourned until to-morrow.
SESSIOX Oh THE BOUStS.
A lay Con.aunt.rd to liiipoHnfj of Mii
r»l|j|iiicui liutinets.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— The
House to-day disposed of a lot of mis
cellaneous business and toward the close
of the session entered upon the consuls**- i
tion of tte Indian appropriation bill. In
the time allotted to the eeneral debate on
the measure Johnson (R.) of Indiana
gave to the House at lengtn his views on
the necessity for a revision of the currency
and banking laws. ,
After dspos.n: of about a quarter of
the text of tlie bill, which includes eighty
printed pages, the house at 5:10 o clocK
adjourned until to-morrow.
The conference report upon the immi
gration bill was presented by Danford
(R ) of Ohio, who gave notice that he
would a'k re House to take it up
Wednesday and dispose of it.
Bills were passed to regulate the disposi
tion of dead bodies in the D. strict of
Columbia and to prevent the spread of
contagious diseases in the District.
The Senate bill wa-* parsed directing &
survey from the mouth of the jetties at
Gaiveston, Texas, throueh Buffalo Bayou
to Houston.
A GALL AM OFFICER DEAD.
yinjor Henru C. 1 hvma* /\i*<«» Away
After J.nnrj Srrrice.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25— The
War Department has received notice of
the death of Major Henry C. Thomas, re
tired, in Oklahoma. Major Thomas, a na
tive of Maine, entered the army in June,
1861, as captain of the Fifth Maine In
fantry and was a brevet major-general
when he was musterei out as a volunteer
in 1866. He maintained his connection
with the regular army as major until 1891,
when at his request he was retired, having
served more than twenty years. He owed
his promotions during the war to tral ant
conduct in ti.e battles of Spottsylvania
and Petersburg.
Convention of Pilots.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— The
annual convention of the American
Pilots' and Masters' Association was in
session here to-day. The convention is
composed of one delegate from each of
the forty-seven lodges in the country,
covering the territory Detween Portland,
Or.. Duluth, Minn., to New Orleans. The
object of the is to obtain legislation
for the pilots on the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans, the Gulf of Mexico and the great
lakes. The following officers of the order
are in attendance: \V. cj. Van Buern, grand
captain ; V. F. Perkins, grand captain's
clerk; William S. Durkee, grand hrst
pilot; W. D. McManus, grand second
piiot; Luther B. Dow, grand purser.
Am to Cable Landing Sights.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 25.— The
Senate Foreign Relations Committee to
day favorably reported a biil asserting
that the shore end of any new submarine
telegraphic cable which shall be protected
in any foreign country by exclusive land
ing rights or other special privileges shall
not be permitted to land in this country
without the consent of Congress.
Two irtny Hetirements.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— Theie
were two retirements in the army to-day,
Colonel Oliver D. Greene, assistant ad
jutant-general, stationed at the Presidio,
California, and Major Clarence Ewen,
surgeon, the former having reached the age
limit and the latter after thirty years'
service.
Dismissed by the Supreme Court.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— The
Supreme Court to-day dismissed the tive
writs of error sued for by Alfred Clarke
of San Francisco in which J. J. McDade
and Moti were defendants.
DEATH. Ot A >OIKU DIVIXE.
Rev. George Koenig of Washington, D.
C, Succumbs to JBrijht'n flii«i«».
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. £s.— Rev.
George Koenig, pastor of the German
Lutheran Trinity Church at Washington,
D. C, died yesterday from Brigbt's dis
ease, at tiie residence of Frederick
Checkel, in Brooklyn. His body will lie
in state in the Hamson-street Lutheran
Church, which he founded eleven years
ago.
Rev. Mr. Koenig was the son of a clergy
man, and was one of the best-known
Lutheran ministers in the East. He was
born October 29, 1562, in Cincinnati, Ohio,
; where his father then had a charge. He
received his college education at Fort
Wayne, Ind., and "was graduated in 1882.
: He completed his theological studies in
bt. Loui- ID 1~?5. After that he was as
' sistant to ins rather, then pastor of the
; Tompkins- square Lutheran Church, in
this city. Afrer forming the congrega
; tion in Brooklyn eleven years ago, Rev.
Mr. Koenig went abroad, lecturing in
France, Germany, Norway and Switzer
land. He returned to tnis country in 1890,
and the proceeds of his lecture tour he
used in buiidinc a churcb for hia congre
gation. He was ordained pastor of the
Washington cuurch April 19, 1596.
ECUADOH'S -N.fc» PRESIDE*!.
j Inaugurated at Quito Amid Jtejoicing
of tar People.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— The Her
ald's correspondent at Panama says that
I Guayaquil advice- state that General Elroy
• Alfaro, constitutional President of Ecua
! dor, was inaugurated yesterday at Quito.
J There was general rejoicing in the capiial
i and at Guayaquil. Quiet prevails through
i out the republic.
There are persistent rumors in Ecuador
that the Conservatives, aided by the Cleri
cal party, will attempt to institute a revo-
I lution on the ground of the belief that the
! country is threatened by the policy of
i General Alfaro.
General Alfaro has been outspoken in
I his threats to recognize tolerance. This
is offensive to the Clericals, who have
j been poweriul 9E the mouthpiece of the
; Vatican. They still exercise a great mi
i fluence over the people, and are exerting
j every means to bring the Conservative
party into power.
The Herald's correspondent at Monte
! video telegraphs that the Government of
! Uruguay has now unquestionable proof
i that the revolution will occur this week.
| It will be inaugurated by an invasion from
j the Brazilian border.
MJib. BILLI tit HARDS' LOSS.
Robbed of Jeirelry and Insurance I*oH
etei north 910,000
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— Mrs.
William A. Edwards, Biliy Edwards'
wife, was robbed on December 18 last of
property representing $10,000. She re
ported the robbery to the police when it
wa« committed. Now she offers a reward
of $500 for the return of papers that were
stolen from her. being willing to sacrifice
tbe rest of the property.
Among the articles stolen are a dia
mond studded watcb, a pair of diamond
earrings, a diamond sunburst pin, a paid
up life policy in the Equitable Life In
surance Company for $5000, numerous
pawn-tickets on the Providence Loan
Association, deeds and mortgages to
property valued at $4000, and a sealskin
sacqae valued at $300. Mrs. Edwards was
known on the stage as Mary Young. She
played leading parts in several stock com
panies and was associated with Albert
Hayman at tue Baldwin Theater in £an
Francisco.
Will Probabl-t fall an Extra Hettion.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa, Jan. 25.—Un
less he siiouid change his mind in the
mean time President-elect McKinley will
call an extra session of Congress for Mon
day, March 15. This information was
given to Congressman-elect Siurdevaut
by McKinley fn Canton a few days ago.;
I.nte Temper -t/«re for florid a.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla., Jan. 25.— The
thermometer at 10 p. M. was 54 above.
Try a bottle of Evans' India Pale Ale just to
see what has made it the leading brand all
over tbe country. Sherwood & Sherwood.
imlAs Coast Agent*, *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1897.
MUST SERVE OUT
THEIR CONTRACTS
An Important Ruling on the
Shipping Laws Made by
the Supreme Court.
Seamen Can Be Legally Arrested
When They Refuse to Work
Full Time.
Justice Hirlan, However, Shows the
Irjistice of the Law in a
Dissenting Opinion-
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— That
part of the shipping Jaws of the United
States which authorizes the arrest of sail
ors who refuse to ooserve the terms of
their contracts to serve on board vessels
was declared to-day by the Supreme Court
to be constitutional and within the juris
diction of State courts to enforce.
The case at the bar came up from the
Northern District of California uoon the
appeal of Robert Robertson, P. H. Olsen,
J. H. Bradley and Morris Hansen irom
the judgment of the United States court
for that district, refusing to discharge
them from the custody of Barry Baldwin,
United States Marshal, on their petition
for a writ of habeas corpus.
These men signed articles in San Fran
cisco to ship on the American barkentine
Arago for a voyage to Knappton, Wash.,
thence to Valparaiso, Chile, and to such
other foreign ports as the master might
direct, and return to a port of discharge
in the United States.
At Astoria, Or., the men deserted the
vessel, and being arrested on a warrant,
issued by a Justice of the Peace, were held
in irons sixteen days and returned to San
Francisco. On the way there they refused
to work, and on arrival were he!d in cus
tody by a United States Commissioner for
trial upon the charge of violation of sec
tions 4593 and 4.595 ofthe Revised Statutes.
They sued lor their discharge on a writ of
habeas corpus, on the ground that their
detention was in violation of the thir
teenth amendment to the constitution,
which forbids involuntary servitude, ex
cept for crime of which tne subject has
been duly convicted. Judge Morrow dis
missed tneir petition and remanded them
to the custoJy of Barry Baldwin, Marshal
lor that district.
Justice .Brown delivered the opinion of
the court; Justice Harlan dissented. Dis
posing of the question of jurisdiction,
Justice Brown said the statute giving
Justices of the Peace jurisdiction of com
plaints against seamen for violation of
iheir contracts was within the "judicial
power" of the UniUd States, and that
Congress lawfully authorizes State courts
to issue warrants, sucn as the one upon
whicti tue petitioners were arrested in
Oregon and returned to their vessel.
Tne next question was what constituted
"involuntary servitude," which was pro
hibited in the thirteenth amendment in
the opinion of the court. It attached to
servitude which was involuntary at the
inception of the contract. It was true
that there might be no remedy, if the con
tracting party escaped from the control
of the person with whom he had con
tracted, and that the contract might be
considered null a*nd void, not in accord
with public policy, but these considera
tions could not make the service con
tracted for involuntary servitude.
"If the terms wer? to be construed by
the party affected," said the court, "and
the contract terminated in his election, a
man ought not be able to contract for a
personal service, and to surrender his per
sonal liberty, even for a brief period under
certain conditions specified in the con
tract. By such condition a soldier might
desert his command on the eve of battle,
and however satisfactory that might be to
him, it could hardly be considered as
tending to the good discipline or effective
ness of the army. "
Practice and precedents extend bacfc
into the periods of antiquity, said Justice
Brown, and concurred in holding seamen
to the terms of their contracts. Naviga
tion could not be carried on without the
enforcement of contracts and the author
ity ofthe law in question was found in the
constitutional power to regulate foreign
and interstate commerce. These codes of
all maritime nations, from the earliest
age to the present period, contained simi
lar propositions, and in view of all tne
conditions involved in tne case, the opin
ion concluded, the court found the ar
rest and imprisonment of the petitioners
wit h involuntary servitude forbidden by
tne thirteenth amendment to the consti
tution, and the judgment ofthe court of
the Northern District of California was
affirmed.
In bis dissent Justice Harlan laid much
stress upon the importance of consequence
invoived in the decision of the court. He
denied the relevancy of reference to laws
passed by the Hanseatic League 400 years
ago, or even the Colonial Council of Mas
sachusetts 200 years ago, relating to the
laws ol seamen. These laws, he said, had
been passed in 1797, and had been permit
ted to remain upon the statute-books, in
his opinion, for want of consideration,
largely. He asked what diSerence there
was, in essence, between the overseer
standing over a man with lash in his hand
and compelling him to !aoor against his
will and the United States Government
through its Marshal compelling a man to
perform a contract which be no longer
wished to observe.
Discussing the possibilities of legislation
upon tue principles of tbe decision of the
court Judge Harlan called attention to
the va-tly wider field that waa open to
State Legislatures wnich were restricted
only by what was specifically prohibited
to them, compared with Congress, which
acted only on delegated powers. Wnat a
sensation, he asked, would result from
the passage by a State Legislature of
a law authorizing the arrest of a do
mestic employe who had contracted
for six months' service, but who had
at tbe end of a month, for reasons sat
isfactory to himself or herself, decided
to abandon the contract. Yet he asserted
that the right of the Slate to do this rested
upon just as solid a oasis as th- decision
of the court in this case. The English
Parliament was all-powerful, and by a
ten-line statute tniirht wipe out the magna
cbarta, and there was no legal power to
say it nay. In this country the legislative
department had no power whatever, ex
cept only such as was conferred on it by
tbe constitution, and that, be contended,
did not give Congress the right to pass a
law which compelled one man to serve
another against vis will. It was a matter
purely of personal and private contract.
FEAHf Or AT. JC.\£>.
Martin tUi CtUbraUa Pontifical Mas» in
Bo'ior of the J-.rent.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 25.— There
were two hours of impressive ceremonial
and magnificent music at St Agnes
Catholic Church this morning, the occa
sion being the celebration of pontifical
mass by Kcv. Sebastian Martinelii, Arch
bishop of Ephpsus and apostolic delegate
of Pope Leo XIII in the United States, in
honor of the feast of St. Agnes. The
apostolic delegate was seated on the throne
on the right of the altar, while Archbishop
1 Corrig&Di who was seated on the opposite j
throne, presided in the sanctuary during
the mass. A noticeable leatur'e of the
sanctuary decorations was the intertwin
ing of the American and Papal flags,
which were suspended over the canopy
under which Archbishop Corrigan was
seated. The sermon was preached by
Paulist Father Rev. Alexander Doyle. '
PROMPTLY PUT TO DEATH.
Fierson Taylor, a Negro Assailant, Taken
From a Florida Jail by a Mob and
Lynched.
TALLaRASSE, Fla., Jan 25.— At 2
o'clock this morning a small crowd gath
ered in front of the jail here and on being
refused admission broke down the doors,
dragged Pierson Taylor, a neero, out and
hanged him to a tree and filled his body
with bullets before he had died from
strangulation. The mob departed, leav
ing the body hanging.
On Saturday evening, the 16th inst.,
Miss Emma Apthorpe, daughter of the
late William Apthorpe, at one time Sur
veyor-General of Floriua, and also presi
dent of the famous returning board that
gave the electoral vote of Florida to Mr.
Hayea, was attacked as she was driving to
her home in the suburbs of this city by
a negro known as Pierson Taylor. Be
fore ha could injure her her screams
brought help and her assailant escaped.
Monday last he was arrested and commit
ted to jaiL
BARIHOLUT WILL OBJECT.
Uitapproves of Certain features of the
immigration KM. . ,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.—Repre
sentative Birtboldt of Missouri, chairman
of the Committee on immigration, will
oppose the conference report on the immi
gration bill, which provides an ednca
tionai test for immigrants. The two
features of the report to which he objects
are those which atop the wife, if she be an
illiterate, from landing with her husband,
provided the latter can read and write,
and the provision which requires the im
migrant shall be able to read the language
of his nativity or place cf residence.
Captain King Succeeds McCullagh.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 25.— At a meeting
of the directors of the Globe Printing
Company last night, Captain Henry King
was appointed editor of the Globe-
Democrat, to succeed the late Joseph B.
McCullagb. For fourteen years Captain
King has been an editorial writer on the
paper. His first newspaper work was
done in Quincy, 111. He went from
Qmncy to Topeka, Kans., as editor of the
L'ommonweaith, and in 1883 was engaged
by the Globe-Democrat.
Captain King was born in Ohio fifty-four
years ago. He stated this evening to a
United Associated Presses reporter that
no changes in the policy of the paper
were contemplated.
Big mazes in Syracuse.
SYRACUSE. N. V.. Jan. 25.— A big fire
which started at the corner of youth Sa
lina and Fayette streets this evening, ow
ing to the violent wind became unman
ageable and at midnight had destroyed
three large business blocks, occupied by
tbe New York cloakhouse. Palmer's mil
linery-house, Kimbali Piano Company' l
agency, Leiter Bros. 1 piano and jewelry
house and L. A. Witherill's dry-goods
establishment. Other firms suffered ex
tensive damage. The loss will aggregate
$250,000.
At 1 a. M. another fire broke out in
Kearney's brewery. The loss will be about
$25,000.
Factories Dcttroyed by Fir*.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 25.— The Greenlee
Brothers & Co.'s Woodworking Machinery
and the Northwestern Stove Repair Com
pany's factories, Greenlee Brothers
owners, at 225 to 235 We-t Twelfth street,
were entirely destroyed by fire to-night.
David B. Carse, general manager of the
two concerns, estimated the loss at
$300,000. The plants were only partly
insured.
'Pacific Junction Hurning Up.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 2d— A private
dispatch to Burlington Railroad head
quarters says the town of Pacific Junc
tion, five miles from Plattsmouth, on the
lowa side of the line, is burning up. Most
o: the business portion has been burned.
Plattsmouth was asked for assistance.
Particulars are meager.
A Brick Jteaidence Hurried.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 25.— The large
bricß residence of Charles J. Byrnes at
2238 Calumet avenue caught fire from an
unknown cause at 1 o'clock this morning
and will be' totally de>troyed. The loss
will be about $50,000. A servant was over
come by smoke.
An to 7urki»h iefortng.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— A dis
patch to the Herald from Constantinople
says frequent conferences of the council of
Ministers are being held at the Yildiz
palace. The deliberations of the council
concern the completion of reforms in gen
eral. Results which will equally satisfy
Europe and all Ottoman subjects may be
expected soon.
Stininter Uilltn' Jirmaint at LnuitrilU.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., J*n. 25.— The re
mains of Minister Willis, wno died in
Honolulu, arrived to-night, accompanied
by Mrs. Willis and her son. The casket
w'ili be taken to the residence of W. H.
Dulaney, the father of Mrs. Willis. The
funeral will take place Tuesday mornJnc
at 10:30 o'clock from the First Christian
Church and the burial will be in Cave
Hill.
Six Hundred More Jdlr Men.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. Jan. 25.— Six
hundred men were thrown out of work
to-day at the Bay View works of the
Illinois Steel Company by the closing
down of the mills. No reason was given.
Light and Power Plant Burntd.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 25.— The Joliet
Light and Power Company's building at
Joliet was completely destroyed by fire
this afternoon. The loss is estimated at
$150,000.
Approved by the Bar.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— The New
York State Bar Association has approved
the arbitration treaty with Great Britain
and has adopted resolutions to be sent to
Washington urging prompt ratification.
Bill to Supprett Football.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Jan. 25— A bill
was introduced in the House this evening
making it a misdemeanor to engage in or
play football. The p-isalcy is fixed at a
fine of not less than $10 nor more than $100.
The Montgomery at Hampton I'oads.
FORT MONROE, V.v, Jan. 25.— The
cruiser Montgomery from New York
reached Hampton Roads at 5:30 o'clock
this morning.
JrUh Nationality Mutt Pull Together.
LONDON. Eng., Jan 25.— A meeting of
the Irish National party of Parliament
was held to-day. Michael Davitt offered
a resolution, which was adopted, declar
ing that every member of the Irish Parlia
mentary party must loyally aid in carrying
out the policy of the majority under pain
of expulsion from the party organization.
Tictimi of an Earthquake.
LONDON, Eng.. Jan. 25.— The corre
spondent of the Times at Teberan, capital
of Persia, telegraphs that a dispatch has
been received from Bashire stating that
1400 bodies of victims of the recent earth
quake on the island of Kishm in the
Persian Gulf have been recovered.
SEEKS TO SEVER
BIGAMOUS BONDS
Mrs. Nellie Bartlett Files
a Sensational Suit
at Eureka.
Asks the Court to Annul Her
Marriage to Her Pres
ent Husband.
Learned After Wedding H m That
Another Han Still Cla.m d
Her as His Wife.
EUREKA, Cal., Jan. 25.— Mrs. Nellie
Bartlett has recently made the startling
discovery that Bickford Bartlett, a weal
thy rancher of Arcata who married her
over three years ago and by whom she hai
a child 2 years old, ia not now and never
has been her husband in the eyes of the
law. Instead of beine a gay young grans
widow at the time of her marriage to
Bartlett she was still the wife of another
and had unconsciously committed big
amy. The case is not one of the "Enoch
Arden" order or of the dead returned to
liie, but is simply the outgrowth of the
law's delay, coupled with a misunder
standing on the part of Mrs. Wood or
Bartlett or, more properly speaking, Miss
Nellie Houghton, for that was her maiden
name, which she had resumed previous to
her marriage to Bartlett. The story is
brought out in the suit which she has in
stituted to annul her marriage with Bart
lett
On March 4, 1888, Nellie Houghton, then
18 years old, and Samuel Deßome Wood
who was many years her senior, were mar
ried at Philadelphia. They lived together
until 1893, when the wife brought suit for
a divorce, and in July of that year, the
testimony being all in, the case was given
to the Master in Chancery. Her attorneys
had assured her that the divorce would be
granted, and when afterward they in
formed her that the case had been given
to th« Master in Chancery she understood
that to mean that she had obtained the
coveted decree.
In the meantime she had come to Hum
bold t, where she met Bickford Bartlett;
their admiration was mutual, and, believ
ing herself a sinele woman, she married
him in August, 1893. It was not until re
cently that, through her mother, she
learned that at the time of this last mar
riage there was a man in Pennsylvania
who still had the legal right to call her his
wife. The Master in Chancery there did
not file his report granting the divorce
until the following November, or two
months after the second marriage.
It would add to the romance of the
affair if it could be said that the plaintiff
was taking these legal steps in order to
rectify a mistake and begin married life
over again, but unfortunately such is not
the object of the suit.
SAN JOSE CHARITY SCHEME.
Co-Operation of Supervisors Desired in
the Distnbutton of Aid to
Indigents.
SAN JOSE, Cal,, Jan. 25.— Rev. H. Mel
ville Tenney and S. B. Hunkins of the As
sociated Charities, Mrs. Ben Cory and
Mrs. F. D. S. Williams of the Ladies'
Benevolent Society, and Mrs. W. B. Hiil
of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society ap
peared before the Board of Supervisors
this morning, and urged it to co-operate
with them in dispensing aid to the indi
gent. It is claimed that a great many un
worthy persons obtained relief from the
Supervisors through deception and fraud,
and it is desired to have the board dis
pense the relief it does in the city under
the direction of the various benevolent
societies, in order to prevent this imposi
tion. They wanted the Supervisors to
join with delegates from the various
benevolent societies and elect an investi
gator, whose duty it should be to exam
ine the cases of all applicants for relief,
and that no aid be granted unless the case
was favorably reported upon by the in
vestigator. It was pointed out that fre
quently from $500 to $1000 was given to
indigents in the county, and the ladies
believed that their system of dispensing it
would be a saving to the taxpayers.
Supervisors Stern. Austin and Rea were
appointed a committee to meet with the
representatives of the benevolent societies
at the Associated Charities next Wednes
day a.ternoon and discuss the plan.
Xux Granted m Itrlay.
BAN JOSE. Cal., Jan. 25.— Judge Hy
land to-day granted Henry Lux, adminis
trator of the estate of Dorothea Roehrig
and George Lax, deceased, who were each,
devisees of a one-tenth interest in the
estate of Charles Lux, the dead cattle
king, further time in which to file an in
ventory and appraisements of the estate.
The delay is granted for three months
after an inventory has been filed of the
estate of Charles Lux. The petition of
the administrator says that only the sum
of $1000 has come into his hands in each
case.
Damage* for a Dng>s Bite.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 25.— Justice
Dwyer to-day awarded William Tannehill
$100 damages against Hirsch <fc Schlenker,
proprietors of the New York Exchange
Hotel, for injuries sustained from the bite
of a big Newfoundland dog belonsing to de
fendants. It whs shown that the dog was
known by the defendants to be vicious.
The case of Frank Rose ts. Frank Mar
tin, a similar damage suit growing out of
a dog's bite, was decided in favor of the
defendant. In this case the bite resulted
from the boy teasing the dog.
Cars Will Soon B' Bunning.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Jan. 25.— Work on the
extension of the railway into Alum Rock
Park is progressing rapidly, and it is ex
pected that cars will be running over it
and up to the bathhouses by the middle
of March. The extension is about tiiree
quarters of a mile long. There is but 80
leet of the 400-foot tunnel to be completed,
and this will be finished in about thirty
days. The extension of the road will re
sult in an increased attendance at the
park during the summer.
Biberniani Hill Celebrate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 25— The Hiber
nian societies and the San-field Club of this
city will celebrate the one hundred and
sixteenth anniversary of the birth of
Robert Emmet, the Irish patriot, by ap
propriate exercises at Y. M. I. flail on the
evening of March 4. Frank T. Shea of
San Francisco will deliver an address and
there will be a fine musical and literary
programme. ■
Gypuy bu*p*ct fieleated.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 25.— The grand
larceny complaint against Mrs. Elvira
Sparrow, the gypsy woman who was ar
rested a few days ago oa. tae charge of
stealing a $200 ruby breastpin irom Miss
Biythe Murphy, was dismissed this morn
ing by Justice Dwyer. The examination
showed that there was not sufficient evi
dence to convict.
ADDED TO STANFORD'S MUSEUM.
Students Uncover the Fossif Mastodon
Tusk Recently Discovered
Near Mayfis/d.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
25. — A party of students this morning
unearthed tlie fossil mastodon tusk, which
was discovered a mile and a hal! west of
Mayneid about a mouth atro. The tusk
was imbedded in tertiary gravel in the
Dottom of a ravine. Two ends badly de
composed were showing, and as they
were about foarteen feet apart it was
thought that a pair of tusks had been dis
covered. The investigations of the stu
dents showed, however, that the ends be
longed to the same tusk.
The party after much hard digging suc
ceeded in uncovering the tusk. It was
found that a middle quarter had been en
tirely destroyed by the action of the
water in the ravine. Tyro pieces were
fairly well preserved, one about four feet
in length and the other rive feet. They
were carried to a secluded place within
easy reach of the road. A wagon will be
sent for them and they will be transported
to the Stanford mastam, to be kept there
as relics.
Scientific men have abundant proof in
the way of similar fossils that mastodons
and elephants once inhabited this par' of
the country. Tnit discovery will simply
add to the proof already obtained.
TRIEyVLY IV STAFFORD.
Lawmaker* favor Exempting the Uni
' venit'j Front Taxation.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.', Jan.
25.— Dr. D. S. Jordan was seen this after
noon in reference to his trip to Sacra
mento. He went to the capital city to
see what arrangements could be made by
which Stanford University could be ex
empted from injurious taxation. He said:
"I have no doubt but that the legisla
tion asked for will be granted. There was
practically no opposition, every one seem
ing favorable to the university and to the
cause I represented. Action in the matter
will probably be taken within two weeks.
A constitutional amendment will be voted
on at the next State election by which
Stanford University will be forever ex
empted from taxation."
BABIES' DAY AT THE FAIR.
Southern California's Finest Youngsters
Will Pose for Prizes Before Ad
miring Crowds.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 25.— The
second week of the Home Products Fair
opened auspiciously and with a largely in
creasedattendance during tne day. This
week will be a most exciting one for the
exposition. To-day was newsboys' and
working-boys' day and a percentage of the
receipts of the afternoon and evening will
be donated to the Newsboys' Home fund.
In the afternoon au exceptionally fine
programme was rendered by the band and
this evening the animatoscope displayed,
and there was a one mile bicycle race for a
gold watch.
To-morrow will be a day that has been
loosed forward to with great interest and
anxiety. Southern California will show
her babies between the ages of 1 and 2
years. The babies entering the contest
will be at the Pavilion at 2 o'clock. Their
carriages will be deoorated with fresh
flowers and the occupants will be wheeled
by girls between 10 and 12 years old.
dressed in white caps and aprons. At 3
o'clock the signal for the parade around
tbe Pavilion will be eiven. It will be led
by a squad of miniature policemen. These
peace-preßervers will be dressed in blue
coats, with star and baton, and will pro
tect the babies from any embarrassing in
terference by admirers. The jury award
ing the prizes will consist of some well
known bachelors.
Supreme Court Decisions*
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Jan. 25.— The Su
preme Court has decided two cases of the
First National Bank of San Diego vs.
Arthur G. Mason. They were appeals
from the judgment of dismissal of the ac
tions for want of prosecution. The judg
ment of the lower court is affirmed in each
case. In the rase of Lett & Lang vs. the
Kern County Board of Supervisors, which
was an appeal from a mandate and order
denying a new trial, the appeal is dis
missed.
Ate Poiioned Sauxage.
LOS ANGELES. Cal, Jan. 25.— 1. W.
Smith, foreman of the coaling gang at the
Southern Pacific yards, came near dying
from eating bologna sausage that is said
to have contained strychnine. He was
eating his luncheon about 1 o'clock this
morning, when he complained that the
sausa^a tasted bitter. Shortly afterward
he went into convulsions. Physicians
were called and saved his life. How the
itrychnine got on the sausage is a mystery.
Aof Plfimird With Itandiburq.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Jan. 25.— L. Mag
nus, who has just returned from Rands
burg, is not impressed very much with the
place. There are too many idle people
there," said he, "and too few able to get
work. The snow there was about eight
inches deep during the recent storm.
There is little or no capital in the place,
but people are still flocking in at the rate
of a half-hundred a day."
Colonrl Tfrodtbrek'a funeral.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 25.— The
funeral of Lieutenant-Colonel S. D. Brodt
beck took place at his residence, on Lucas
avenue, to-day. Colonel Brodtbeck was
major in the Twelfth lowa Infantry and
took an active part in the civil war.
Stratton Get* the flare.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 25.— The
Mayor appointed William A. Stratton
Superintendent of Buildings to-day. The
appointment was confirmed by the Coun
cil.
VSAL M UltTih HEM'S FATE.
Rancher MudgeW* tilayer Sentenced to
Life Imprisonment.
UKIAH, Cai*. Jan. 25.— John Dodge,
who was convicted two weeks ago of hav
ing murdered John A- H. Mudgett, the
Usal rancher, on October 28 last, was
brought before Judge Mannon to be sen
tenced this morning. After reviewing the
histoiy of the crime the court pronounced
a life sentence upon Dodge. Judge Man
non admonished the prisoner to so con
duct himself as to make his punishment
easy to bear, and closed by savins: "This
is the end of liberty for you. You have
nothing further to expect in this world."
The prisoner broke down and wept.
Thirty days were granted the defendant's
attorneys to prepare a bill of exceptions
and a statement on appeal.
Bodega* Outlaw Sentenced.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 25.— Frank
Coleby, the young man wno made such a
desperate attempt to rob the Goodman
store and postoffice at Bodega recently,
was to-day sentenced to twelvp years on
the rock-piles at Folsom. Coleby pleaded
guilty last week, but to-day asked leave
to withdraw his plea and stand trial. As
he could give no good reason for his sud
den change of heart, the court denied the
motion, and, in addition to sentencing
him to within two years of the maximum
time, read the crestfallen robber a sound
lecture.
Wedded at Salt Lake.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 25.— Mrs Caro
line De Witt Quinan of San Francisco
was quietly married here to-ineht to
Lieutenant Clement Flakier of the corps
of United States army engineers stationed
at Portland, Oregon.
IN DRUNKEN RAGE
INVITED DEATH
Supposed Burglar Shot at
Fresno Was Only a
Reveler.
Attempted to Enter the Wrong
House When Stupid From
Intoxicants.
Dies in Jail Frcm Wounds Inicted
by the Owner of the
Dwel ing.
FRESNO. Cal., Jan. 25.— Fred Bauraan,
who was shot in the legs last night by
William Hill, a colonist, who mistook
him for a burglar, died this morning at
the county jail. At first it was believed
that his wounds were not serious, but
hemorrhage set in, and he died in his cell
sometime before the day jailer made his
morning rounds.
Bauman was undoubtedly innocent of
burglarious intent, but Hill had every
reason to believe differently. Bauman
was a hard-working and honest man, and
has been employed at the Helm ranch for
several months. On Sunday he came to
town and became considerably under the
influence of liquor.
He started for home last night, and it
is believed that he lost his way. He un
doubtedly thought, in his drunten
stupor, that he was at home when try
ing to enter the colonist's house. He bad
always borne a good reputation, and his
untimely death is very much regretted.
Mr. Hill was exonerated by a Coroner's
jury to-nigbt.
Bauman first went to the front door of
the house, and Mr. Hill, having in mind
the recent hold-ups in this city, at once
came to the conclusion that the visitant
was a burglar. He ordered the intruder
away, but, instead oi leaving, Bauman
went around to the back >ard.
Mr. Hill then armed himself with a
shotgun and going to tha rear of the
porch ordered Bauman to leave. The
supposed burglar started off, but returned
a few minutes later. Then the colonist
again ordered him to ieave the place.
Bauman began swearing and started
toward Hill, exclaiming:
"I'll fix you."
As he advanced the rancher warned
him to stop or he would shoot. To this
the stupefied man paid no heed, and in
self-defense Hill fired at his legs, filling
them with shot.
The colonist immediately brouefit his
victim to the County Jail, where his
wounds were dressed. Believing that
they were not serious, the jailer put Bau
man on a cot in a ceil, where he was found
dead thi« morning. Mr. Hill had not
known Bauraan and conld not see in the
darkness that we was under the influence
of liquor.
Bauman was a Swede and 27 years of age.
HISSING MOM 8 ART A. JtIOSA.
Cigarette- Smoking Overthrows the Jiea
son of a JSnbus: Young Man,
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Jan. 25.— The in
sidious cigarette claimed another victim
to-day in the person of Joseph White, a
yo ung man 20 years of »ge. As White is
about six feet in height and weichs 180
pounds, the little paper rolls were unable
to affect his. general health, but have al
most wrecked his mind. He has been
acting queerly for several days, and is
missing from home and his general haunts
to-day. ' With the demented young man
went a bald-faced strawberry roan hor-e
that has served the White family for
many years. The young man's. mother
said to-day that her son was undoubtedly
insane from exoessive cigarette-smoking,
and that the officers of all the adjoining
towns had been notified to return the
wandering youth to his home if found.
XO LEGALIZE PUGILISM.
Assemblyman G*rrard's Bill in th«
■Aerada Legislature.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 25.— 1n the Senate
of the Nevada Legislature to-day a con
current resolution was introduced to
amend the constitution by striking out
the word "male" wherever it occurs, and
the same was made a special order for
next Monday.
In the Assembly a bill was introduced
by Gerrard to license glove contests, and
providing that &ucn contests be licensed
upon payment to the Sheriff of $250. It
was referred to a committee. A bill to
incorporate Reno was introduced. The
election of a United States Senator was
made a special order for to-morrow after
noon.
REV TO-DAY.
A Wonderful Medicine
For Bilious and Nervous disorders such as Wind
and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddi-
ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of
Beat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos-
tlveness. Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
Frightful Dreams,' and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, *c, when these symptoms are
i caused by constipation, as most ot them are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This is no fiction. Every sufferer Is
earnestly Invited to try one Box of these Pills
and they will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECIIAIWPS PILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or Irregs4>
laritles of the system. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic — a few doses will work woo*
ders upon the Vital Organs; strengthening th«
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of appe-
tite, and arousing with the Kosebnd of
Health the whole physical energy of
the human frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, in all classes of society, and one of
the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated la that Beecham'S Pills have the
Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine
In the World. -
WITHOUT A RIVAL
Annual Sales more than 6,000,000 yn»:
22c at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U.it*
Agents. B. F.ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., Hfir
Sork, post paid, upon receipt oX price. fiacQi
tret upon application. *
34
FORGER SANDERS'
CLEVER SCHEME
Tried to Hire Witnesses
to Establish His In
nocence.
Prosecution Finds a Statement
Which He Wrote for Their
Guidance.
Taken From the Convict's Cellmate,
Who Was to Hive Conducted
the Negotiations.
FRESNO, CAL., Jan. '25.— Professor
Sanders' hope of freedom, based on the
Supreme Court ruling' ordering his third
trial lor forgery, has seemingly gone a-
Elinimerinjr. Special Counsel Hinds came
into court with a large-sized bomb this
morning, and he proceeded to hurl it in
the direction of the defense without delay.
In his opening statement to the jury he
told of new evidence discovered since the
second trial, exposing a scheme whereby
the man twice convicted ol attaching
William Wootton's signature to a valu
able paper and who is suspected of know
ing what became of the missing rancher,
hoped to establish his innocence to the
satisfaction of the jury.
The substance of the new evidence is
that Sanders several months ago had for
a cellmate Robert Anderson, who was
sent to the State's prison for stabbing a
young man named Berry at a dance in
Kingsburg. Anderson did not expect to
be convicted and Professor Sanders was
of the same opinion.
They entered into an acreement where
by the former was, upon his release from
jail, to go to Los Angeles ana try to get
two men to swear in Sanders' behalf. They
•were to testify tbat they bad seen John
Gnausch, Graves and William Wootton in
Los Angeles after the disappearance of
tbeßeedley rancher.
District Attorney Snow has in his pos
session the statements alleged to have
been drawn by Professor Sanders, in his
unmistakable handwriting, which these
witnesses were to memorize and recite on
the stand. To strengthen this evidence,
Sanders is said to have written in large
print on a sheet of brown pap6r a notice
-offering a reward for tiie return of certain
letters and papers which had been lost on
the street.
In each corner of the paper the defend
ant had punched a hole, to make it ap
pear tbat the notice had been nailed to a
post- The two witnesses whom Ander
son was to find were to testify that, be
sides seeingWootton, Knausch and Graves,
they had torn this notice off a teieeraph
pole in Los Aigeles. It was signed and
had been placed there, according to the
statements prepared by Sanders, by one
of these three. Anderson was to get the
three witnesses and Sanders agreed to pay
him to do so.
Attorney Hinds displayed the state
ments Sanders is accuseJ o: having manu
factured, but did not read them to the
jury. The prosecution declares there is
no question that the wriling is that of the
defendant.
These important papers and statements
were discovered on Anderson's person
when he was searched before being taken
to the penitentiary. They were sewed in
a tobacco bag in his shirt. It is under
stood that since then Anderson has con
fessed. He was not able to carry out his
part of tue agreement with Sanders be
cause of his conviction.
Of course if the defendant could have
produced two more witnesses who had
seen Wootton alive alter his disappear
ance from his ranch, and proved that
Knausch and Graves were not myths,
Sanders could not be guilty of forgery or
any other crime in connection with the
case.
Attorneys Hinds and Short enlivened
the proceedings considerably to-day witn
their numerous byplays and side com
ments directed at each other. First Judge
Webb asked them to desist, then he
warned them and finally be sternly or
dered them to obey. He remarked that
the attorneys kn§w batter than to act as
they did.
Tne opening statement of Attorney
Hinds was comparatively brief. He gave
a clear outline of what the prosecution ex
pected to prove, the evidence except for
that just discovered being abont the same
as that adduced at Sanders' 6econd triaj.
SACRAMENTO MONGOL'S CRIME.
Attempts io Defraud a Chinese Merchant
end Uses a Revolver When
Detected.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 25.— Hong
Kee, a wealthy Chinese merchant, who
fox upward of twenty years has been en
gaged in business in the old mining town
of Folsom, barely escaped joining his
Celestial ancestors Saturday nigbt. His
assailant. Ah Sun, is incarcerated in the
county jail, charged with attempted mur
der.
Ab Sun purchased a quantity of first
grade opium from the merchant, toot it
home, removed a portion and substituted j
an equal portion of a low grade of the
drug, and then returned to the store with
the mixture and demanded a return of hb
money. On being refused he drew a re
volver and fired at Hong Kee, who saved
his life by a quiet turn of the body, tne
bullet "-carrinq his chest.
Ah Sun, supposing tUat he had accom
plished his murderous purpose, fled to his
cabin, removed the discharged shell, sub
stituted a fresh cartridge, and was mat
ing preparaiions for flight, when Deputy
Sheriff H. N. Burke, who had been in
formed of the attempted murder, entered
the front door of his cabin.
As soon as Ah Sun saw the officer he
dashed out of the back door into the dark
ness closely followed by the official.
A hot chase across the fields ensued, the
officer following his man by sound.
Eventually the wouidbe murderer ran in
to a wire fence an.l was overtaken aud
aiter a struggle disarmed.
Hong Kee came to this city to-day and
a meeiing jf the tong to vr hicn he belonged
was called. For a time war was imminent,
but eventuailv the matter was arranged
in Chinese fashion. It is understood that
Ah Sun must suffer at aha bands of the
white man's laws.
H'u'hin/jtnn Politician Ininnr.
OLYMPIA, Wafh., Jan. 25.— August
Toellner, who has been booming the can
didacy of J. "W. Maple for the United
States Senate, was arrested to-night in the
lobby of the Hotel Olymrda for insanity.
Toellner has oeen acting peculiarly for
several days. To-night he caused great
excitement by iondly proclaiming Maple
elected and threatening me.niuers who sup
ported other candidates.
Mate to Get lountviile Home.
NAPA, Cal. Jan. 25.— 1n the Superior
Court to-day, Judge Jones of Contra
Costa presiding, the application of - the
Veterans' Home Association for permis
sion to transfer the property at Yount
ville to the Slate was granted.
; - — — m — ■'■
A Tillage Burned.
UTICA, N. V., Jan. 25-The viliaee of
Poland, Herkimer county, was totally de
stroyed by tire and to-night at 1 o'clock
the flames were n6t under control and the
villagers had no wav of fightine. The
loss is estimated at $50,000 at this hour.
Assistance has been summoned from
Herkimer.
FATHER AND SON fN JAIL
Postmaster Draper and His Boy Are Ac
cused of Stealing the Funds of
the Cheyenne Office.
CHEYENNE, Wto., Jan. 25.—Post
master Georgre A. Draper and his son.
Charles A. Draper, assistant postmaster
at this place, were arrested to-night by
Inspectors McMechen and Waterbury of
Denver, charged with the tljeft of a regis
tered package containing $3552.
The registered package in question con
tained the surplus funds of the Cheyenne
postoffice for the last quarter, and was put
up here by the postmaster in the presence
of two witnesses for transmission to Chi
cago on the 16th inst.
The registered pouch remained in the
Cheyenne office in a vault to which the
Postmaster and his son had access for
several hours before train time. When
the pouch reached Chicago it was found
to have been cut open and the package
abstracted.
Suspicion was directed to Draper by the
fact that he has heretofore made his re
mittances by draft. Investigation shows
that the list upon which he kept the list
of his remittances on was dcctored.
He made large deposits in the banks,
and a large number of bills deposited
were identical with those remitted, except
that the numbers were transposed.
Mr. Draper and his son were suspended
from .service and the office placed in
charge of the bondsman.
BIG CAR SHOPS BURNED.
One of ihe Foremen Is Overcome by ihe
Heat and Perishes— Many Men Will
Lose Employment
PLATTSMOUTH, Nebr., Jan. 25.—
The Burlington and Missouri River Rail
road's carshops in this city were totally
destroyed to-night. Nine coaches were
undergoing repairs at the time, of which
number two were saved. George Flech
ner, one of the foremen, was overcome
by the immense heat and perished. It is
estimated that the loss wilt exceed
$125,000.
The alarm was turned in soon after 9
o'clock by parties who noticed the blaze
breaking out in the coachhouse. There
was a :-trong wind blowing and it was
feared that other buildings would burn
also.
Telegrams were sent to Chief Redell at
Omaha, but later countermanded, when
this department with the aid of the shop
men hemmed in the burning district and
gained control of the flames. Scores of
workmen are thrown out of employment
by this disaster. It is thought probable
that the railroad will rebuild, at once on
the same site.
The blackened corpse of George Flech
ner, after the fire i.ad been put out, was
found in the ruins. It is supposed that he
was suffocated with smoke when his com
rades were pushing some of the rolling
stock out of reach of the flame?. No one
noticed his absence, and the man perished.
A PLAY BVDELY TERMINATED.
Actor Henley Arretted on a Charge of
Grand Larceny.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— The large
audience which had assembled in Wal
lace's Theater this evening to witness the
first performance of Miss Margaret
Mather's revival of " Cymbeline " was
dismissed at 9 o'clock owing to the ar
rest on a charge of grand larceny of Ed
ward J. Henley, who was to play the
role of lachimo.
The errest wa? made as Mr. Henley was
pnterinc the stage door of the theater at
7:30 o'clock. He was taken to the West
Thirtieth-street police station, where,
ow ing to the charge being felony, bail was
refused. Efforts were made by C. W.
Burnham, manager of the theater, and by
friends to procure the attendance at tiie
police station of a magistrate, but their
efforts were unavailing.
After holding the audience until 9
o'clock it was decided that an announce
ment be ruade from the stage that the per
lormance would ba postponed until to
morrow evenin.-. While the announce
ment was being made Miss Mather was in
her dressine-room, almost prostrated.
Mrs. Hoffman Martin says she advanced
$50 to Henley while he was rehearsing in
her company at the Murray Hill Theater,
and received an order from him on Miss
Mather for the amount. She said that she
had presented the order to Miss Mather
and that it had been repudiated.
The manager offered to settle the in
debtedness at once, but the detective said
tbat the warrant called for the arrest of
Henley, and that he would have to take
him to the police station. It was pro
posed that the detective stand in the
wines and permit Mr. Henley to go
! through the performance before he was
removed to the station, but this was
positively refused. The messengers were
sent in all directions for a magistrate to
j take bail, bnt none could be found.
Henley, while he was a prisoner this
evening, said: "This woman has been
i threatening me for several days, by letter
and verbally. I shall prosecute her to the
full extent of the law for false imprison
ment, and lam surprised that a magis
trate would issue a warrant on such a
case."
Mrs. Hoffman Martin came to this city
from Han Francisco. She is the widow of
John Martin, a California millionaire, for
whose murder by poison she was tried
and acquitted, and afterward was engaged
in extensive litigation in the Weet.
BOOK AGEAT JfiXGS HIMSELF,
I. T. Jienhnm of Spokane Fall* Kndt
Hit Life at Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 25.— T. Benham,
a traveling salesman for the Hoffman Pub
lishing Company of Minneapolis, commit
ted suicide in bis room at the Grace Hotel
to-day by banging himself to the bedpost
with a neckscarf. The body was found at
3 o'clock this afternoon. ■■-- -.- .
His wife and family are living in Spo
kane, Wash., and it is said Benham bad
recently been served with a notice that his
wife was seeking a divorce on the ground
of non-support. The suicide left a letter
addressed to Mrs. Charles M. Fassett of
Spokane, but tne seal has not been broken
and the contents are not known. He was
about 65 years of age.
MAXUfACrVRERa TO MEET.
Convention of Great Importance to He
Jf'ld in Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 25.— More
than ordinary interest is centered in the
second annual convention of the Associa
tion of Manufacturers, which will be called
to order in this city to-morrow. It will be
the first great gathering of business men
representing manufacturers which has
taken place since M' Kinley's election,
and certain changes in tariff and com
mercial relations with other countries will
be discussed. It is expected mat to-mor
row will see 700 or 800 delegates present.
They Will Sot right.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Jan. 25.— The ten
round boxing contest between Jim Hail
and Prank Slavin, which was scheduled to
take place at Bohmer Park this evening,
ba< been declared off. Mayor Smub was
very much opposed to the fight, and de
clared he would call out the entire police
force to stop the tight it an attempt was
made to carry out the programme. The
managers of the pugilists therefore de
cided to call the contest off Indefinitely.
About 1000 admission tickets hau been
sold in advance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1897.
REGULATING B'NAI
B'RITH POLICIES
Grand Lodge Decides to
Change Assessment
. Rates.
They Will Be Regulated in the
Future According to the
Member's Age.
Delegates al Stocktm Participate in
a Danes at Masonic Music
Ha.l.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 25.— There was
but one question be. ore the Grand Lod>e
of the Independent Order of B'nai B'rith
to-day, and that concerned the endow
ment feature. At present a $2000 policy is
paid on endowments, and an assessment
of $2 50 is levied upon each member.
The younger members of the order pro
test that they should not be assessed as
M. P. STEIN, Who Will Be E'ected Grand President of the Order
of B'nai B'rith.
heavily as those who are much nearer the
grave, and it is claimed that this general
assessment has kept many eligible He
brews from the lodge.
This forenoon's session was occupied by
a lengthy exposition of the subject by Mr.
Gutstadt, the chairman of the press en
dowment committee. He was in favor of
allowing the policy to stand as it has
been, but of arranging a gradual scale of
assessments.
This afternoon the speakers were limited
to ten minutes each, and many gave their
views upon the mooiea question. The
general opinion was that a change should
be made; that the policy should b- left
undisturbed, but that the assessments
should be graduated. The bone of con
tention proved to be just what plan to
follow in readjusting the as s essments.
The discussion was continued until 6:30
o'clock this evening, when the report of
the conference committee on endowment
was adopted, together with an amend
ment proposed by Sol Levy of Washoe
Lodge No. 450. The report, which is of
interest to all members of the ordtr, is as
follows:
First— That it Is the sense of the committee
of the wbole that no plan reducing or scaling
the endowment of $2000 after paying ihe rate
required be entertained.
Second— That we are opposed to complete
op lonal endowment, but iavor the existing
law relating thereto.
Third— That the full rate of endowment of
$2000 be maintained.
Fourth— That ihe management of the endow
ment tund remain in the hands of thy .\I. \V.
District Grand Lodge.
Fifth— That a classified scale of rates be
charged according to age.
Sixth— That we recommend the adoption of
the following schedule of rates for an endow
ment of $2000: 18 to 22 years of age, inclusive,
$175; 23 to 27, inclusive, $2; 28 to 32, in
clusive, $2 30; 33 to 35, inclusive, $2 50;
38 to 42, inclusive, $2 80 ; 43 to 47, inclusive,
$3; 48 to 52, inclusive, $3 25; 52 and over,
$3 50.
The amendment proposed by Mr. .Levy,
and adopted, relates only to members who
may hereafter join the order. It provides
for optional graduated endowments of
$500, $1000, |1500 and $2000.
To-night tne members held their grand
ball in Masonic Music Hall, which had
been beautifully decorated. Will Good
friend of this city acted as floor director
and was assisted by Monroe P. Marks, I.
F. Stem and Morry Markheim.
The Grand Lodge will to-morrow take
up the question of a free religious school
under auspices of tne order, and also
the question of maintaining a library. At
2 o'clock tbe election of grand officers will
take place. M. P. Stein of this city will
be chosen president of tbe Grand Lodge,
and to-morrow evening will tender tbe
visiting delegates and their friends a re
ception at his residence.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Proposed Changs in the Quarantine Su
pervision — The Ferry Depot May Not
Have a Postoffice — Pensions.
WABKINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— Sur
geon-General Wymaa of the Marine Hos
pital Service informed Senator Perkins to
day that he had decided to request the
President to issue an order placing the
quarantine station at Angel Island entirely
under Federal supervision, the same as all
stations in the East.
At the request of Senator Perkins Dr.
Wyman consented to defer his application
to the President until Perkins had an op
portunity to consult with other members
of the California delegation. It will be
remembered that the last Legislature of
California, the Board of Trade of San
Francisco and other bodies requested that
tne quarantine station be placed exclu
sively under Government control.
The Secretary ol War orders that Sec
ond Lieutenant John JEL Wholly, Fourth
Infantry, and Second Lieutenant Fred W.
Bladen, Fourteenth lalantry, report in
person to Colonel William R. Shatter,
First Infantry, president of the examin
ing board appointed to meet at the Pre
sidio, San Francisco, at such time as tney
may be required by the board tor exami
nation as to fitness for promotion, and
upon the conclusion of their examinations
tbat they reinrn to their proper stations.
Representative Loud saw the Post
master-General to-day concerning rental
for postoffice purposes of quarters in the
San Francisco ferry depot lrom the Har
bor Commissioners. The postoffice de
partment is not willing to pay $1000 per
month rental, and unless the quarters can
be obtained for less, the building will Dot
be used lor postoffice purposes.
The following pensions have been
issued :
California — Original — John McCann,
Vailejo. Increase — William Hudson, San
Franci-co; John Healy, Pasadena; Aibert
P. Giidden, San Francisco. Original
widows, etc. (special January 12)— Marie
Beerstecher, ban Francisco.
Oregon— Original — Henry J. Harding,
Oregon City. Increase— James W. Paul,
Dallas.
Washington — Original — Archibald
Brown, Etna; Albertus H. Butler, Ana
cortes.
HARMON GIVES THE INFORMATION.
Submits to the Senate All the Correspond
ence Relating to Debts of
Pacific Railroads.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.— 1n re
sponse to a resolution the Attorney-Gen
eral stated to the Senate that an agree
ment had been made with the reorganiza
tion committee of the Union Pacific Com
pany re pectins the foreclosure of the
Government lien on the property of that
company.
He says that he has designated the
United States Trust Company of New
York as the depositary and that $4 500,000
has been deposited under the agreement.
The names of those comprising the re
organization are: Louis Fitzgerald (chair
man), Jacob Schiff, T. Jefferson Coolidse
Jr., Chauncey M. Depew, Marvin Hughitt
and O iver Ames.
Among tne corresDondence transmitted
is a letter from President Cleveland, daied
January 12, which follows:
To Hon. Judson Harmon, Attorney-General:
The b.ll which lias been ff r some t me pend
ing before Congress providing for the ftajttst
meiit and extension of the indebtedness of
the Pacific railroads to the Government of the
United States has been defeated In the House
if Representatives. In the case of the Union
Pacific Railroad and the Kansas Pa
cific Railroad, a default in the payment
of their indebtedness having occurred
and suits having been commenced for the
foreclosure of the lien upon the said roads
which is part of the lien ami security of the
United States, you are hereby directed,
pursuant to the provisions of an act
of Congress, passed March 3, 1887. after
taking such precautions and perfecting
such arrangement as are possble to as
sure as far as pructical the payment of
their indebtedness to the Government as a re
sult of the suits now pending, as others lo be
instituted, to take such proceedings in the
courts as shall be needful to protect and de
fend the rights and interests of the
United States iii respect to such indebtedness,
and to take steps to foreclose tne mortgages
upon the property ol these railroad com
panies. In the case of the other bond-aided
railroad companies, in which no foreclosure
suits are pending, a different situation is pre
sented, which requires further consideration
before deciding which course is to be taken by
the Government. Yours truly,
Geoveb C level and.
The correspondence between the Attor
ney-General and Chairman Fitzgerald re
garding the agreement under which the
loreclosure proceedings were com
menced is also transmitted. The
reorganization committee agrees to
guarantee a minimum bid of
$45,75-1,060 for the Union and Kansas Pa
citic property within the Government
lien an i for the cash and securities in the
Union Pacific sinking fund, taken at par,
which shall secure the Government over
and above any prior liens and charges
upon the railways and sinking fund.
MELVILLE COXrA.LEBCINQ.
Hi" 2>avj/'» Chief Engineer Submit* to a
Danrjerous Operation,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.—Com
modore George W. Melville, engineer-in
chief of the navy, is convalescing from
the effects of a severe operation performed
last Tuesday, which is believed to have
eradicated the cause of serious intestinal
disorders which he contracted in Siberia
after the Jeannette disaster, and which
have frequently since that threatened bis
life. Two weeks ago the trouble assumed
such a malignant form tbat the naval
surgeons, after consultation, decided that
an immediate operation was the only hope
for the popular bureau chief, and he sub
mitted to this operation.
Secretary Herbrrt Change* a Sentence.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Jan. 25.—En
sign T. Coleman, who was recently tried
by court martial in Washington for cnlpa-
ble inefficiency and disobedience while
acting as naval steel inspector at Harris
burg, was found guilty and sentenced to
a year's suspension with the loss of twelve
numbers. Secretary Herbert has remit
ted the suspension, holding that it sim
ply had the effect of giving Coleman a
year's absence and ordered nlm to be re
duced tix numbers with restoration to
duty.
A'orthrrn faeifta Mt organisation.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— J. P. Mor
gan & Co. are prepared to begin the issue
of New York securities for reorganization
certificates of the following class of North
ern Pacific Railroad Company's securi
ties: Northern Pacific third mortgage
bonds; consolidated mortgage bo.ids and
divid nd certificates; Northern Pacific
and Montana first mortpage bonds: James
River Valiey first mortgage bonds; North
ern Pacific and Manitoba terminal bonds;
Spokane and Palouse first mortgage bonds
and Helena and Red Mountain first mort
gage bonds. One hundred schedules per
day will be received.
r.'nai B'rith Grand Officer*.
BALTIMORE, Md., Jan. 25.-The tenth
annual convention of the Improved Order
of B'nai B'rith concluded its raeei ing to
day ana adjourned to meet in Washington
next year. The following officers were
elected: Supreme President, Joel Marx
of New York; vice-presidents, Ralph
Sachs and Salomon Sculoss, Baltimore;
secretary, Leopold Braum, Baltimore;
treasurer, Kaufman Katz, Baltimore. To
night the delegates were given a compli
mentary bull at Hazarers' Hall.
Senator G-orge'M Condition,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan, 25.— There
is practically no improvement in the con
dition of Senator George of Mississippi,
who is lying serious y ill at the Garneld
Memorial Hospital.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
OLD ARMAGOSA'S
GOLDEN LEDGES
Rich Strike Reported From
the Lower Panamint
Mountains.
Pay Dirt Found in a Claim Well
Known in the Days of
Forty-Nine.
Had Been Abandoned After Its Quartz-
Mill Was Destroyed- by
Indians.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 25.— Parties
just in from the lower Panamint Moun
tains, where they have been working in
the old Amargosa mine owned by LO3 An
gees people, bring flattering news of a
rich strike at this claim. T ey say they
have opened up a six-foot vein, the ore
assaying $115 per ton. This mine is one
of the old-timers and has made a wide
reputation. It is well known to all pio
neer milling meg, having been worked in
the early 50' s.
The first quartzmiil ever erected in
Southern California was hauled from San
.Francisco by wagon and placed on this
property. The mill was very crude, being
mostly of wood, with iron shoes and dies.
The freighting cost 25 cents a pound. At
that time forts were built to protect the
men from the Indians.
The ore produced from the mine then
was fabulously rich. Much gold was
taken out up to the time the mill was
destroyed by the Indians. Sine 1 then the
mine has been cosed down until the pres
ent owners took hold of the property.
They intend to build a mill and reopen
the claim.
The vein just opened shows permanency
and richness. To the north of the Amar
eosa is the Confidence mine, owned by
Salt Lake people. A large plant of ma
chinery has been placed on this property.
Tne Panamint country has long been
known as one of the richest mineral sec
tions of California, and while it was worked
many years ago, producing very rich ore,
it has been much neglected because of its
inaccessibility. In the early days, when
the mines were being worked, the Indians
were very troublesome. They killed many
miners and finally destroyed the mills
and drove all the white 1 people from the
country.
Tunneler Jonet Go*m Fre*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 25—Fred
erick L. Jones after confessing participa
tion in the attempt to rob the First Na
tional Bank of this city by tunneling un
der the vault was to-day set free by mo
tion of the District Attorney. Jones dur
ing the trial of his accomplice, "Jack"
McCarthy, turned State's evidence and it
was his testimony that sent McCarthy to
prison. At that time tic District Attor
ney denied that any promise had been
made to Jones of immunity. When Me-
Canhv was informed this evening *>f
Jones' liberation he was prostrated with
rage.
VISITS G ROVER CLEVELAND.
Ex-Queen Liliuokalani Pays Her Respects
to the President, and Thanks Him
for Past Courtesies.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25.-Ex-
Qneen Liliuokalani paid a personal visit
to President Cleveland to-day. It was en
tirely informal, and it was so designated
in the note sent by the deposed monarch
to the President requesting the privilege
of calling, and the answer of tue latter in
granting it.
Hel/uli, agent and secretary of Liliuoka
lani, and Julius N. Palmer of Boston, the
American friend of ibe Queen who accom
panied her to Washington, went to the
White House this morning with an auto
graDh note from the ex-Queen addressed
to the President.
She asked merely that he receive her in
formally in a personal capacity, basing
the request on the ground that it was a
custom in her country for the head of the
government to receive foreign visitors of
distinction. Shortly after noon the Pres
ident sent a note to Mr. Heliule appoint
ing 3 o'clock as the hour he would be
pleased to have her call.
At the appointed time, Liliuokalani,
Miss Kai Nahoalana, her companion-in
waiting, Mr. Heliule and Mr. Palmer
drove up to the White House in a car
riage, and were immediately shown to the
Blue Room. The ex-Queen was tastefully,
dressed. She walked with dignity across
the lobby to the private corridor.
The meeting between the President and
the former Queen was extremely cordial.
Mr. Cleveland, enuring the room, ad
vanced with outstretched band, and as he
grasped that of Lit iuofcalam he exclaimed :
"I 8m very plad you thought of calling
on me"
The President invited the ex-Queen and
her companions to be seated, and then en
tered inio a pleasant conversation with
the former. They talked about the death
of Minister Willis, and the ex-Queen spoke
of him in words of praise: "Yes; another
word, Mr. Cleveland, he always filled what
ever position he held with credit to him
self and his country."
There was nothing said about her res
toration, but the ex-Queen took occasion
to thank the President for the withdrawal
of the annexation treaty from the Senate,
sent by Mr. Harrison four years ago.
In reply to a question about Mrs. Cleve
land's health the President remarked shei
had been prep&r ing to go out before he went
downstairs. He sent a messenger who
informed him that Mrs. Cleveland had
gone out walking a few minutes before.
These things formed the bulk of a conver
sation that was informal and personal
from beginning to end.
SEQUEL TO A CONFIDENCE GAME.
Real Estate Broker Arrested at Omaha for
His Connection With a Gang of
Swindlers.
OMAHA, Nebb., Jao. 25 Georee Hack
ett, a real-estate broker of this city, was
arrested to-night for conspiracy on an in
dictment found by the Grand Jury at
Ogden, Utah, last June. Behind the case
is the story of an alleged confidence game
in which one Charles L. Blazier, now serv
ing a ten-years' sentence in the Utah
Penitentiary for obtaining money under
false pretenses, is said to have been the
principal and Hackett the stool-pigeon.
According to Hackett he met Bl; z:er in
Denver in 1891, where Blazier was doing a
land-office business as a mining broker.
Blazier removed to Oerden and later
opened a correspondence with Hackett,
which terminated in Blazier employing
Hackett as cashier in a bans to be opened
at Ogden, which was to be known as the
"Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank."
R. E. Moulton, a wealthy stock man of
Ogden was induced to deposit $20,000 in
negotiable notes for trie bank, receiving in
exchange bank stock for the amount.
Th-re were others who followed Moui
ton's footsteps into the bank.
In about two weeks toe bank vaults
were filled and G. L. Blazier. J. H. Steil
inesand G. T. Harris disappeared sud
denly together with tne money leaving
Hackett and Moulton to i old the sack.
Plackett was afraid to remain because of
the excitement among the dej ositors and
slipped out one night and has been lead
ing "a nomad life ever sinre.
PEDLAJi f X, urn iriss.
Whips Ernie Stanton in fifteen Mound*
Before » London Club. -
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 35.— The fight be
tween Pedlar Palmer and Ernie Stanton
came off to-night before the National
Sporting Club and resulted in a victory
for Palmer in the fifteenth round.
The men fought at 117 pounds for a
stake of $300 a side and a purse of $500
given by tue club. Both are English. In
October Palmer defeated Johnny Murphy
of Boston in a fiehtfor the bantam-weight
championship of the world, the English
man being awarded the battle on points
at the end of the twentieth round.
In the fi ht to-nieht- Palmer was the
favorite in the betting, odds of 9 to 4 be
ing laid on him. Both men were in
splendid condition. Palmer led the
iiehting from the start and his superior
skill was immediately apparent .In the
first round he landed three times on Stan
ton's face, and in the third round drove a
blow nome on his nose, causing it to bleed.
Palmer's smartness enab.ed him to avoid
the blows aimed at him by his opponent,
while at the same time he delivered his
own blows freely.
Stanton's strength enabled him to take
the punishment Palmer administered to
him, but tie did not land a single clean
blow for six roun Is. The fight was in
Palmer's hands throughout.
In the tenth round the spectators saw
that Stanton had no chance of winning
on his merits. The odds in favor of
Palmer had at the end of the tenth round
risen to 4 to 1.
Irs the fifteenth round Palmer knocked
Staiiton down twice, whereupon the
referee stopped the light and declared
Palmer t. c winner.
BEXICIA 1 1£LI> DA.X bPOBTS.
Soldiers at the Barrack* Engage in Ath
letic Confetti. . ,
•BENICIA, Cal., Jan. 25.— The monthly
field day s;>oris were contested to-day at
Benicia barracks by Companies B, C and
D of the First Infantry, and the men who
participated proved. that they will be dan
gerous rivals on the annual field day at
the Presidio next month. Many people
from town were present and. enjoyed the
sports. The summary follows: ■
100y«rds, maiden— Won by Kramer of Com
pany B. Time, :10 4-5.
220-yard hurdle race — Won by Sergeant
O'Marie of Company C. Time, :26%.
Hummer-throwing — Won by Williams of
Company B, 108 feet.
Teut-piiciiiujt, one team from each com
pany — Won by Company C. Time, 2:33.
High jump, maiden — Won by Yamberl of
Company I), 5 feet 2 inches.
Skirmish race — Won by Smith of Com
pany C. . ' ' ■ ->-.•■" ■ .'
Tus-of-war— Company B won from Company
Cm 1 miv., and from Company Din 15 sec. '
Relay race, ten men of e*ch company Co
mpany C won. Time, 15:08. *
Bayonet race— Won by Kramer of Company
B. Time, 1:33. _
Xetulted in m Dratv.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— The fif
teen-round boxing contest between Jack
Everhardt of New Orleans and Mat
Matthews of this city, at the Union Park
Attiietc Club, resulted in a draw. The
men weighed In at 135 pounds. The pre
liminary bout between Tom Keiley, the
Harietn Spider, and Fred Mayo, tea
rounds, at 110 pounds, was won by Mayo.
Racing at Jew Orleans,
NEW OHLEANS, La., Jan. 25.— Six furlongs,
Stratnreel won, Alamo second, B. Q. Ban third.
Time, 1 -.15%.
One mile, Cannonade won, Senator Penrose
second, Xanuie L's Sister third. Time, I :44J^.
One mile aud twenty yards, Fasig won. Terra
Arcner second, Booze third. Time, 1 :45.
Seven furiougs, Grayling won, Marquise sec
ond, Lone Princess third. Time, 1:2 V%.
Six iurlongs, Judge Bullock wod, t'aseher
second, Ida Wagner third. Time, I:ls}^.
One mile and twenty yards, Samson won,
Elano second, Amber 'Glimpse third. Time,
1:45.
Death of a tfiurnalitt.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 25.— John C.
Read, formerly managing editor of the
New York Times, and recently in charge
of the literary bureau of the Republican
State Committee, died at his residence
here to-day. Heart failure was the cause
of death.
NEW TO-DAY.
rAILUSE IN BUSINESS,
Little Habits Gnaw Big Holes.
• A large number of men are unsuccessful
in their business because of some smalt
habit or habits that rob them of the vital-
ity necessary to push a business as it
should b -.
The man who is thoroughly well and
can plan with a clear brain and work out
his plans with a healthy body is the one
who will be in the precession when his
ne'ghbor has to drop out.
Some men can stand hurtful habits bet-
ter than others, but when one finds out
that he is ailing a little each day let him
remedy the trouble and have the machine
work right, for that is the sure road to
riches and happiness.
Dr. J. K. Penninßton, Chicago Summer
School of Medicine, 103 State St., Chicago,
says: "The Postum is received, brewed and
used up. Hike it very much. The only
criticism I have to offer is that it did not
last long enough."
: Coffee interferes with the digestion of
many people who find it hard to give up
although they Know it hurts them. L It is
easy to do without coffee if one can have
Postum, the grain coffee. This has the
deep seal brown color of Java, and changes
to the golden brown of tnick Mocha when
cream is added. It ia made of the pure
grains, wheat, etc., and is nourishing and
fattening, and is true health coffee. It can
be drank at every meal without any of the
ill effects of coffee. Made by the Postum
Cereal Co., Limited, Battle Creek, Mich.
There is but one genuine original Postum
Cereal coffee, with a multitude of imita-
tions offered as "just as good." -
DR. PIERCES
IS THE BEST.
A PERMANENT CUKE.
D, fierce * SoJ&TKS&S 1 - N ° V - 5 1 898- -
■ onra-KMKN-The fifteen-dollar Bolt h>» h,» n
received and delivered, but have 'not heard £om
> 'Oil VlW> ■"» > lhe e «on yet about the
! *S«ipr^V^ ; fc^it 4^ result, but I am not afraid
iEJwß»SfiLvCff^*Svi c D>rn ' ot "in* back on
i^Tt •<*~"~?Ll_jE me - ** 1 used one of your |
mSZ^ *!.,.. l ' %r '^M Bt?lts nine (9) years ago
HfjjTr i Mikj' Jl" r t^P and have never been
zsrarfld-SaEl:i l*vt-fe#T troubled with pains in
1 - my back or hips since.
*v Srk^Pi. - 80 you see wny lam not
"**Kf-s ■ afraid to recommend y>or
*^Ai(f Belt to anyone suffering
, .. .. \ . with a weak back, pains
In the hips and side, as I was, because it will cure
them— never to be doubted.
X remain yours to help the sufferer. :
, • UEO. A. KAHL, i
—i*?" There are no "quack" doctors connected
; « !£«! ° nr . establishment. Our electric belts cure
Wltno " tdr u<;s Prie s reasonable 1 • No robbery!
Established 1875. - end for free -Pamphlet >io.
: R«^^r?S netlc - Ela s'lc Truss io. (Dr. .Pierce &
?•?. L' 7V T su, cor. of Kearn , second,
third and fourth floors. Branca office, tJ4O Market.
St., below Kearuy, 8. F. ■
TDcnultyT
T. S V .F{ jII " KNOWN AJfD RKLIABLE OhU
t^ ecla| lst aira Private .^ervous.Blood and Skin
%{%!!? esorM Manly Power restored. Over
"cnr^ri? t^J perience - Send for Book, free. Patients
danv-S^ om &. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
S; «Jtr.B.3oev' . Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultu-
t.ouiree and sacredly coctldeutial. Call or address
--. . **• KOSC JIoSUJLTT, M. »., ;
■««*£ Kfarny Street, San Francisco, Cal.
• HEW TO-DAY. vT"-^^^
CHARLES SCHILL,
Residing at 262 Eighth St,
S. F., Relates the Story
of His Cure.
San Franctsco. Cal.. Jan. 14, 1897.
I, Charles Schill. aged 30, residing at 262
Eighth street, desire and am
THANKFUL
To testify to the benefit and cure that I have
experienced by treatment at the STATE
ELECTRO-MEDICAt, INSTITUTE, corner, of
Powell, Market and Eddy streets.
For four years I have been ailing with ner-
vous debility and heart and stomach trouble,
which greatly hindered me in my work as a
teamster, me business I have pursued for the
past seven years in San Francisco. I Buffered
with pain and oppression of the chest and
stomach, shortness of breath, flatulent dyspep.
sia and palpitation of the heart, and after ex-
ertion would feel weak and nervous. On
January 4, 1897, I applied .
FOR
Treatment at the Institute, where DR. W. K.
VANCE made a careful physical examination, .
found that my heart and stomach ' were both
disordered. I was placed under treatment and
at once began to improve rapidly and feel like
A
New man. The doctor applied electricity and
prescribed certain electric fluids for internal
use, also magnetic oil for external application.
These remedies combined nave had a magical
effect, and now, on January 14, 1 can truthfully
say that my health Is fully restored. I am
VERY THANKFUL FOR SUCH A RAPID
CURE
Which enables me to pursue my dally work
without experiencing any exhaustion or wear-
iness. I may add that I derive decided bene-
fit from wearing an Electrical waist applianca
prescribed by Dr. Vance.
(Signed) CHARLES SCHILL.
This marvelous electro-medical treat-
ment is erecting a tremendous sensation
among the people of this coast because of
the remarkable cures it is daily effecting,
and for this same reason it is stirring the
medical world as no discovery of recent
years has stirred it. There has not been a
single failure to cure in any case where
the treatment has been given.
Xnay EXAMINATIONS. If you
lI MI are sick or ailing, if yon
want to know what is the matter with you,
and if you want to be cured, yon, should
resort without delay to the STATE ELEC-
TRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE. The Insti-
tute TREATS AND CURES Diseases of
tue Heart, Brain and Nerves, Blood Dis-
eases, Rheumatism. Cancers and Tumors,
Catarrh, Kidney Diseases. Throat Dis-
eases, Stomach Diseases, Diseases of the
Liver, Bowel Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear
Diseases and all Diseases of Men and
Women.
WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute. Describe your troubles by letter
and the doctors will advise you what todo.
Strictest confidence observed.
THE! NEW OXJR.HI
FOR. AX-iXj DISEASES.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Located at the Corner of '
Market, Powell and Eddy Streets,
ENTRANCE 3 EDDY STREET,
San Francisco, Cat.
THE
A V M, Mmm
WEEKLY
GJILL
of It Publishes the Cream of th»
c* News of the Week and
>< MANY " ATTRACTIVE AND
©< ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
Of PAPER ON THE
©/ PACIFIC COAST
o) Always Republican but Always
3 Fair and Impartial in Its :
3 Rendering of the Po-
-3 litical News.
p) It's the Paper to Send East If
J You Want to Advertise
(-J California.
©( The Best -\ /'Mining
erf Telegraphic \S News That
erf Service on y\ Is Accurate
gj The Coast /V. \& up to date
ex '
®S Not a Line of it Sensational
°} or Faky, and Not a Line of
°S it Dry or Uninteresting:
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
) Bright, Clean, A Champion of
©< Thoughtful. Truth.
©< r A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
(J ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
©< HOME MAIL, $1.30
<J INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
©j THE ail SPEAKS TOR ALLHORNBROOK ON THE EXAMINER.
j A Marvelous Feat in Telegraphy — News of Little Pete's
Death Wired to the Emperor of China— See Yups
. Arrested in Consequence and an Account
of the Government's Action Wired
Back— All Within \2
Hours.
Yesterday morning the San Francisco Examiner, so deservedly
dubbed the "Monarch of the Fakers," on account of a long, pea-green
record for lurid, flashy articles with absolutely no foundation in fact,
came out with a two-column, double-leaded story with startling head
lines, to the effect that the relatives in China of all those suspected of
responsibility for the death of "Little Pete" had been cast into dun
geons. In revolting and grotesque detail the article pictured the pres
ent situation in Chinatown, told of how the highbinders plotted their
crimes and carried them out, stated the inability of the police to cope
with the difficulties that confronted them, and ended with the assertion
that the Emperor of China accomplished what the President of the
United States tails to do by punishing the innocent in Peking that there
may be peace in the Chinese slums of San Francisco.
"At 6 o'clock yesterday morning," reads paragraph that at
tracted the most attention, "the Chinese Consul telegraphed the facts
of the murder to the Minister at Washington. Early in the afternoon
word came back that in China every immediate relative of the local
president and secretary of the See Yups was under arrest."
When this remarkable fact became known to the local Consul
>eneral and Vice Consul General they were struck dumb. They
v nched themselves to see if they had not fallen into a trance, but it
was not so. Then they consulted with each other relative to seeing a
physician and undergoing treatment for loss of memory.
The employes of the Western Union Telegraph Company, on read
ing the Examiner story, were simply astounded. Never in all their
experience had they heard of so remarkable an occurrence in the his
tory of telegraphy. At 6A. M. the Consul General had telegraphed the
facts of "Little Pete's" murder to Yang Yu, the Chinese Minister to
Washington. Then he in turn had sent a cable message by way of
London, thence by a very devious route to the Chinese Governor at
Canton; the Governor had communicated with the Emperor of all the
Chinas on the subject; the ponderous machinery of Government of the
slowest country in the world as regards executive action had been set
to work ; the relatives of those suspected of responsibility for the
death of "Little Pete" had been arrested and cast into prison ; and finally
the news had been sent back to the Minister at Washington and by
him to the local Consul Genefal in the afternoon of the same day, from
which source that hysterical journal, the Examiner, had gleaned the
information which embellished its columns of yesterday.
The fatuous attempt of. the Examiner to dupe the general public
into the belief that it is a world-beater for exclusive news is thoroughly
exposed by the statements of King Owyang, the local Vice Consul
General. He made the following statement yesterday :
"1 was greatly surprised on reading the article in to-day's Exam
iner. The statements were preposterous on their very face, as any
body would know that such a tUing could not take place so soon, much
less have been learned of here.
" Not only has no telegram been sent by the Consul General to our
Minister at Washington, but no one connected with this consulate has
told anybody so. In fact, to my certain knowledge no reporter of the
Examiner was seen yesterday either by the Consul or myself. Ido
not care to draw down the censure of any newspaper on myself or the
i Consul, but am obliged to correct such glaring misstatements of facts."
Nor did the propensity for faking of that worthy journal, the Ex
aminer, end with accomplishing on paper the prodigious feat mentioned
in the foregoing. The local Consul General, under the name of " Fung
Wing Hang (his true name being Fung Yung Heng), was quoted as
making an official statement through his interpeter that the murder of
" Little Pete" was directly due to a "lack of vigilance on the part
of the police in Chinatown." The interpreter's statement that neither
the Consul nor himself saw an Examiner reporter on the day in ques
tion is sufficient of itself to disprove the assertion. Knowing that the
police felt bitter over the alleged statement, King Owyang took occa
sion yesterday to deny its authenticity.
"As I said before," he remarked, "we have seen no one represent
ing the Examiner, and have never at any time said anything deroga
tory to the police in Chinatown. We have no complaint to make of
any lack of vigilance, and, on the contrary, believe they have done
their duty at all times."
Along with its mass of false statements and malicious attacks on
the Police Department the Examiner made one error that is simply
ludicrous and must have been written by some one just waking from a
Rip Van Winkle sleep. A photograph was run of Li Yung Yuen over
the caption of "The Man Marked for the Next Slaughter." Then fol
lowed a two-column paragraph in small type to the effect that he is the
local Consul General and is under the ban for having communicated
the facts of "Little Pete's" death to the Minister at Washington.
Threats were said to have been made openly in Chinatown "that the
next man that shall taste the vengeance of the See Yup Society will be
Li Yung Yen, the Chinese Consul General."
Li Yung Yuen is the ex-Consul General and has been in Havana,
Cuba, for the last four months. When the war there abates enough
for news to reach him of the danger his life is in from San Francisco
highbinders he will doubtless tremble greatly in his embroidered clog
shoes. The present Consul is Fung Yung Heng, or, as the Examiner
flvvould have it, "Fung Wing Hang."
-I Obtaining subscribers by publishing fakes is just like what the
\Statutes call obtaining money by false pretenses.
A CHINESE EDITORIAL ON "LITTLE PETE."
The Chinese Recorder, a weekly published by Mem
Kee & Co. at 847 Dupont street, will contain next Wednes
day an editorial warmly eulogistic of " Little Pete " and con
demning the act that deprived him of life.
The editorial writer of the sheet is a bright young Chi
nese named Ching Ho, who was educated in the missionary
schools. Yesterday he furnished the advance sheet of a
part of the editorial to appear Wednesday, but for certain
reasons best known to himself will not divulge the rest.
Freely translated it reads as follows :
"'Little Pete,' as he was commonly known, was the
most famous man among us. He may have had his faults
and more than the average man, but his good qualities were
more than sufficient to counterbalance the evtf part of his
nature.
" He has furnished more work to those in need than any
man that can be named. When he had no work to give he
\furnished sustenance to the needy. The list of his bad
traits does nowhere contain the word miser.
" It is to be hoped that the police will succeed in catch
ing the murderers and that they will meet with speedy pun
ishment. It is not generally believed, however, that the
two men now under arrest are the guilty ones."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1897. ;
TERROR IN
CHINATOWN
Highbinders Shadow All
Who Enter "Little
Pete's" Home.
SERGEANT PRICE CAUSES
EXCITEMENT.
No Telegram Sent and No
Relatives in China Yet
Under Arrest
A BIG EXAMINEE FAKE IX
POSED.
Chief Crowley's Views of the Situa
tion—A Chinese Editorial on
the Dead M n.
It it the general belief of those most con
versant with the status of thines in China
town that the reign of tbe knife, the
hatchet and the secret bullet is at hand.
Rival longs are busy, and these tongs, or
societies, may be likened unto tbe bitter
clans that have often decimated each oth
er's ranks in some such deadly battles as
the Hatfieid-McCoy vendetta in Virginia.
Sergeant Price and six picked men went
into Chinatown at 7 o'clock yesterday
morning resplendent in bright new uni
forms.
This pleased the hatchetmen, and within
an hour notices were posted throughout
Chinatown: "Look out lor Sergeant Price
and his men ! Tbey are dressed like pea
cocks, and are coming to stop the war
among tbe Chinese."
It is the prevailing belief now that tbe
See Yud men will soon lose one of their chief
people, because the Sam Yups have sworn
to avenge tbe deatbof their leader, "Little
Pete."
Chinatown is to-day Infested witb high
binder societies — bands of cunning des
peradoes who live for murder and black
mail. They have thirty or forty meeting
place?, and their notices are posted freely,
without molestation. Many of them sail
under pretense of being merchants' clubs,
and the Police Department bas not yet
felt justified in ordering the doors beaten
in and the bands of highbinders dis
persed.
A few years ago the highbinders were
put to flight by Sergeant Price and his
men, and a year passed without a shot to
disturb the peace. Then the Police De
partment became lenient, ceased visiting
the meeting-places, and desperate high
binders began to hasten to San Francisco
once more. In the past two years they
have congregated rapidly, and to-day
there are more highbinders in Chinatown
than at any time in its history. They do
not tear tbe police, because the Chief bas
been sued by many Chinese for destroy
ing property in the past and annoyed by
litigation of various kinds until he is
afraid to take any aggressive measures
until the suits are won. Snits involving
large sums are still pending in the United
States courts, and it has required great
diplomacy to prevent further annoyance.
As Chief Crowley is not provided with a
large sum with which to combat such vex
atious litigation, he has decided not to
make a vigorous and aggressive fi^ht on
the murder societies untfl he gets some
standing in the courts. It is rumored in
Federal circles tbat Chief Crowley had
reason at one time to believe that the Chi
nese Consul would stand by him if he
made a fight to destroy tbe warring tongs,
but his experience has been bitter, for he
bas not received tbe aid be expected from
tbe Consul.
Sergeant Price believes there will be
serious trouble within a few days after
the funeral of "Little Pete." He says the
hisrhbmders talk openly and make no
secret of their intentions. Tbat tbey
want to kill a See Yup of high standing
there can be no question. The See Yups
outnumber the Sam Yups thirty to one,
and while they are generally poor, there
are some rich men of great influence
among them. A conspicuous target of
this character is commonly known as
"Big Jim," owner of several large restau
THE EXAMINER'S SPECIAL CONSUL-GENERAL.
People were smiling yesterday over the accuracy of the Examiner in publishing the
above picture as that of the present Consul-general in this City. That remarkable sheet
represented him as terrorized here and in abject fear of his life. As a matter ot fact, the
pictureis un old one of the ex-Ccnsul-General, who, according to Vice-Consul KingOwyang,
is now in Havana, Cuba. But with the grapevine telegraph at the Examiner's command,
a little misrepresentation of this kind only excites amusement and the comment, 'Any
fake goes with the Examiner."
Scene at "Little Petes Home at BX9 J-2 Washington Street, "Where the Remains Lay in State,
Surrounded by the Mourners.
rants and buildings. It is believed by
many that he will be killed before the
week is over to avenge the death of
"Little Pete," and "Big Jim" is graver
to-day than he baa been in years.
The siluation is something akin to a
reign of anarchy among the whites. Talk
with what the economists call the prole
tariat, the common masses of working
Chinese, about the deatn of "Little Pete"
and they will say : "Heap good to kill
him quick. Some Chinamen getting too
rich."
The See Yups are the names of tbe poor
and whatever troubles they may have with
tbe Sam Yups a bitter cluss hatred is at
the bottom of it and is tbe lasting cause
of the feud. Thus far the war in China
town is a part of the protest of masses
against classes, and it is world-wide in its
scope— living wherever the Chinese popu
late the earth.
It is highly improbable, according to the
ideas of several gentlemen who speak the
Chinese language and who have traveled
in China, that Li Hung Chang or the
Emperor Kwonjj Sui will ever interfere
with so petty an affair as a war among
Chinese thugs in San Francisco. One
reason is that the See Yups are all mem
bers of the Ngi Hing Wooi Society, one of
the most powerful political organizations
on earth. This Ngi Hing Wooi party was
organized to perpetuate tbe Mongolian
blood in power rather than the Tartar.
The See Yups would like to see Li Hung
Chang Emperor instead of Kwong Sui,
who is a Tartar. It is said tbat Li Hung
Chang is a secret friend of the powerful
Ngi Hing Wooi and that this society would
always be powerful enough to protect its
friends, the See Yups, from punishment
in China or elsewhere by orders of Li
Hung Chang or the Emperor himself.
THE CORONER'S INQUEST.
A Jury Impaneled Yesterday
Viewed the Remains.
Inclosed in a somber casket of costly
material, with rich silver mountings, the
remains of "Little Pete" were removed
from the undertaking parlors of N. Gray
& Co. yesterday morning to the Monrue.
A crowd of tbe morbidly curious gath
ered, but were not granted admittance.
Coroner Hawkins had impaneled the
following persons to act as a jury at the
inquest, and they were on hand to view
the body:
A. Grauwell, 1418 Powell street; L. Hur
ley, 617 Mission street; M. Vanrierbuitle,
1111 Buchanan street; F. Harman. 5 Treat
avenue; W. L. Murphy, New Western
Hotel; F. Frey, 1708 Larkin streer;
Thomas McCue, 110 Fourth street; J. C.
Brandelin, 1913 Mission street; E. C.
Jahn, 517 Howard street; Gus Rummell,
20 Bernard street; R. Jones. 946 Mission
street; F. Ransome, 334 Eddy street; L.
Delatonr, 136 Fifth street, and H. S. Dunn,
610 Montgomery street.
The date of the inquest has not been
set at this time, but it will probably be
held later in the week.
Later in the afternoon the body was re
moved to the dead man's home at 819^
Washington street. It now reposes
within thirty feet of the spot where the
flame of life was extinguished by the as
sassin's bullet.
"THE WIDOW'S GRIEF."
Highbinders Watch the Scene of
Mourning With Satisfaction.
After the remains had been viewed by
the jury that will act at the inquest the
body of Fang Chiiig, or "Little Pete," was
removed by the undertakers to his home
at 81934 Washington street. When the
ca-kf t was taken from the hearse a scene
pitiful :o witness took place.
The widow of the murdered man leaned
over the coffin with the tears streaming
from her eyes and gave way to her grief in
heart-breaking wailing and rn.oaning.3She
was fupported by two male relatives, who
were themselves weeping.
"Little Pete's" mother-in-law was as
uncontrollable as her daughter. Their
violent manifestation of grief did not
abate for some time.
The casket with its contents was ten
derly carried upstairs and laid on two
sable-covered supports. Candles were
lighted and placed at the foot of the
casket and the other ceremonies peculiar
to the Chinese religious customs per
formed. Two huge bouquets of violets
were placed on the casket by the widow.
Mourners, dressec in white, with a white
strip tied around the head, the ends being
left to hang down the back, grouped them
selves near the tapers on a mat.
The arrival of the body created great
excitement The police were kept bu-ied
in making the crowds move on. High
binders would station themselves in the
adjoining doorways and wa;ch every move
made with the eyes of a hawk.
"These fellows," said Officer Regan, as
he shouted to a gronp of Celestials, and
emphasized his remarks by pushing one
of them forcibly along, "want to see who
offer condolence to the relatives. When
it comes to a feud they will have such per
sons marked."
Though the police succeeded in keeping
the streets clear of highbinders, the win
dows opposite were infested with them in
force. Their almond eyes took in every
thing to the minutest detail. Many per
sons are even now marked for death be
cause they showed sympathy for the fam
ily of the dead.
CONTRADICTORY EVIDENCE
Suspects Invent N^w Tales to Con
fuse the Police.
Chin Poy now has a new tale to account
for the whereabouts of himself and Wong
Sing during the hours immediately pre
ceding the murder of "Little Pete." He
says they left their room and went to din
ner at 5 P. M. They returned shortly be
fore 7 o'clock, and neither left the room
until arrested by the police.
Sergeant Mooney and Officer P. A. Gil
leii held a consultation with Wong Chung,
the barber in whose place of business Pete
was killed, and Wong Loons, a man being
shaved at the time of ttie casualty, in the
City Prison yesterday. Louie LocK acted
as interpreter. Judge Robert Ferral was
also present.
Tne result of the conference is withheld
by the police. They refuse for obvious
reasons to state at this time whether the
witnesses recognize the two men accused
as the murderers or not. They do state,
however, that no vital testimony was ad
duced. Of cours* this was expected by
the police.
CHIEF CROWLEY'S VIEWS.
Ho Attributes to Llttla Pete All
Recent Outbreaks in
Chinatown.
Chief Crow!ey, in speaking yesterday of
"Little Pete's" murder, blamed him for
all the trouble that has occurred in China
town since he first came into public no
tice.
"Little Pete," said the Chief, "was un
qnestionably the cleverest Chinaman on
the Pacific Coast, and probably in the
United States. He was a born organizer,
and was full ot schemes and deviltry.
"Until his advent there were no high
binder societies or tongs, and the Chinese
were quiet, orderly and peaceable. He
was the rirst to organize a tong, and
finally be had fifteen or sixteen oi them
at his command. They levied blackmail
upon house of ill fame and upon inoffen
sive merchants, and by that means Little
Pete became a rich man.
"Going back thirty years or so the Chi
nese were formed into organizations duly
incorporated according to the laws of the
State. Ah Ching, as noble and honorable
a man as ever lived, was the president of
one of the leading companies and when
there happened to be any dispute among
the Chinese ne was selected almost inva
riably as arbiter and his decisions were
never questioned.
"Then followed the organization of the
Six Companies, which was really brought
about by the poverty among the Chinese,
so that they could by consolidation more
easily help their less fortunate country
men.
"I remember when it was decided to
send forty women back to China. I was
consulted in the matter and procured a
house on Grove street for the women till
the steamer was ready to sail. The Six
Companies boucht tfieir tickets and every
thing was ready for their departure, when
some lawyers applied for a writ of habeas
corpus before Judge McKinstry and the
women remained. Little Pete's Hand was
in the business to prevent tbe women from
leaving.
"He was at the bottom of every black
mailing scheme and held absolute pow*r
over the highbinders in Chinatown. He
enriched himself at the expense of fallen
women and merchants who were afraid of
his power to sacrifice their lives.
"Four years ago, when Sergeant Price
and his squad demolished the headquar
ters of the different tongs, it was Little
Pete who instigated the damage suits
against me and the squad in the United
States District Court because, as he said,
it would deter me from any further at
tempts to repeat the dose. In that Little
Pete made a mistake, and ne came to rec
ognize that fact.
"Five years ago I prevailed upon the
Six Companies to employ eight responsi
ble Chinese to act as policemen, and each
of ths eight carried a tag signed dy me
showing their authority. By that means
I thought they would be able to keep the
Six Companies and myseJf posted as to
any proposed action of the highbinders to
commit murder. I have found out my
mistake, as they have been utterly useless,
aud I will ask the Six Companies to dis
continue employing them.
"It has always been the case that while
there was an extra force of police in
Chinatown there was no shooting, but as
soon as the extra force was withdrawn
trouble recommenced.
"It would take 140 men to properly pa
trol Chinatown— that is, forty men on
three watches of eight hours each. The
taxpayers would never tolerate the ex
pense of Keeping such a force of men in
Chinatown. Besides, with my present
force the men would have to be taken from
their beats, and people living on these
beats would be unprotected. That would
never do.
"I have about twenty men in China
town now and will keep them there under
Sergeants Price and Cook till the present
trouble blows over. I can do no more
with the torce at my command."
"THE AMERICAN TERROR."
Sergeant Price Believes That More
Bloodshed Is Inevitable.
Sergeant Price is now in Chinatown
with a special detail of eight men. He is
relieved at regular intervals by Sergeant
Cook with anotner special detail of the
same number.
As is well known. Price is the man who
broke up the highbinder organizations
about four years ago, and inspired so much
dread in their murderous breasts that for
about three and a half years there was
hardly any trouble at .all in the Chinese
quarter. He is called by Chinese "The
American Terror." When such men as he
come to retard the present situation as a
crisis future murders need surprise no one.
"I regard the situation here as most
serious," he said yesterday, "but do not
look for any great trouble till after the
funeral.
"I understand that the Sara Yup men
have imported the most desperate rascals
belonging to the highbinder tongs to be
found in the interior and coast towns to
carry on the feud. One thing is certain.
Th»re was a time when I knew every high
binder in Chinatown and where nearly
every individual one could be found, but
KEW TO-DAT
Twisted, swollen, painful, weakening in its effects upon th©
vital powers, the direct cause of thousands of cases of general
nervous exhaustion, debility and decay. This is Varicocele in
the veins of the vital parts. It is perhaps the most dangerous of
the many results of early indiscretions. It drains the vital pow-
ers in that slow, treacherous manner which leaves no sign of its
terrible • effect until the awful work is — until th» whole
nerve force, the foundation of mental, physical and vital strength,
is undermined and manhood des-broyed. Doctors have, tried
(•very known means in their attempts to cure it, and have usually
given it up with the advice that it will not be a serious matter.
But this is only their way of excusing themselves for their help-
lessness. It is a serious matter, as is proven by the thousands of
physical wrecks it has caused. But it can be cured by
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
HEiRS' S ANOTHER ;! CURE :
"The Eelt I got from you some months ago has cared my varicocele completely." writes THOMAS
KEI,i,EY, 1119 Clay street, City.
-:•? There is not another remedy in the world to-day which has received the favorable
mention that has been given Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. In many forms of disease
i and weakness in both men and women it has proven effective and deserves a trial.
Call and consult the doctor and see and test the»belt,'.or send for book, . "Three
Classes of Men," which is mailed, sealed, free to any address. Don't put it ; oft; act
to-day. There is nothing more important than your health. Call or address ,
js-A-xxriDirjixr EIiECTRIO CO,,
632 MARKET/ST.V OPPOSITE -PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
' Office hours— A. M. to 8:30 P. M. Sundays, 10 to I. Los Angela* Office 204 South Broa*
way; Portland. Or., 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 933 Sixteenth street. ' :
i ' OTJS.— Make no mistake in the number— 33 3 Market meet.
I can't now. The streets are tilled with
strange faces.
"At one time I arrested thirty-five men
in one day and did not make a single mis
take. I was always careful not to arrest
innocent men, and give cause for com*
plaint.
"Why, once we smashed $8000 worth of
property in br. asing the meetings up.
But it was a long time before they dared
to come together again.
"You see. all these clubs are incorpor
ated. That is what balks us in disturb
ing them. When we do manage to get
through to where the rascals are piaying
forbidden games and hatching deviltry of
all kinds, they have had plenty of time to
start in on some innocent game. Wiien
tue police leave they return to what they
were doing before.
"Give me men and I can break up these
tongs in two days. No j.iry on earth
would convict a man for taking summary
means ia stopping such a reign of terror.
They never have in the past and they will
not now."
Letters of Administration.
Mrs. Chun Li, widow of Fong Ching
(Little Pete), has applied for special let
ters of administration on her husband's
estate. By her attorney, Thomas D. Rior
dian, she alleges that the value of prop
erty left by decea^e<J is unknown to her.
No will has been found, though search for
one has been made. No description otthe
estate is given, except to mention the shoe
factory in which he in interested.
L'.ttle Pete's Funeral.
The funeral of the murdered man will
taKe place to-day at 1 p. m. at his widow's
home, 819 Vi Washineton street. Elabo
rate preparations have been made and
probably 200 carriages will be in the
cortege. .
The course of the cortege will be up
Washington street to S.ockton, thence to
Pacific, down Pacno to Dupont and
thence to Post, out which thoroughfare it
wilt proceed to the Cheese burying
ground beyond Laurel Hill.
Alter the ceremonies there the body
will be brought baok to Luurel Hill and
placed in a vault, where it will repose
until sent to China.
All the Sam Yup societies will be repre
sented at the funeral, which will be one
the most elaborate ever known in China*
town.
The See Yup Tr»eatar Opens.
The Grand Theater, on Washington
street, opposite Waverly place, opened
yesterday afternoon. » rnwd* were pres
ent. Several Chinese lined the S!>lewalk9
auring the afternoon selling tickets for
the evening performance, but as usual
with the Chinese the afiernoon, or open
ing performance, was free.
This is a See Yup house. During
"Little Pete's" life it. was kept closed
under authority of a lease he bffCL He
div this to g:ve the Sam Yu> theater
on Jackson street a better chance to
prosper.
The evening performance drew such
crowds that three police were detailed to
keep the doorway and the vicinity clear
of people.
IN LOS ANGELES, TOO.
The Blood Fever Is Making Itself
Manifest In the Southern
City.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 25.— The
tragic death of Little Pete at the hands of
hi enemies has greatly intensified the an
tagonism between the contending factions
of Chinese boycotters in this city. In view
of these things the situation in Chinatown
is becoming more strained every moment,
and the report of tbs highbinder's pistol
is likely to be heard at any time. To-day
Saey Bin and Wong Bong, two of the Sam
Yup bad men, arrived Jrom San Francisco
to aid their friends in resisting the Sea
Yup boycott.
Tne murder of the Sam Yup chief in
San Francisco has aroused all the mem
bers of that, company to a state of fury,
and the killing will be avenged here if the
opportunity out presents itself. The con
tending tongs have been quietly arming
themselves all day, and tue situation is
assuming grave proportions. Chinamen
from the vegetable gardens and small
villaees about the city are docking to this
city in great numbers, and their manner
and conversation denote a state of intense
excitement and anxiety. The police have
been doubled in Chinatown :o- night, and
general preparations are under way to
prevent an outbreaK or quell a riot. Tbe
Chief declares he can cope wirh the
belligerents, but this is very much doubted
t>y many citizens in case a hght is once
begun.
MATE DWYES FKEED.
A Federal Jury Exonerates Him for
Beating » Sailor.
In the United States District Court yes«
terday a jury found Mate George Dwyer
of the American ship Mary Flint not
guilty on a charge of brutally beating a
sailor, John R. Larsen. The jury failed to
agree for some time, then returned to
court for new instructions, after which,
they acquitted the defendant
Hypnotic Inst., treatmt, teaching, 6 O'FarrelL*
Yon in the Ninth.
The Alta Plazas defeated the Quicksteps
Sunday morning by a score of 3to 1. Robert
Dykes saved the game by a home run in the
last inning. The make-up of the winning
teomvi-Hsas follows: Robert Dykes, pitcher;
Fred Hobro, catcher; H. Ramaoioti, first base;
Olhe Nordman, second base; D. Cronin, third
base; Frank Keogh, shortstop, and Chick Ar
nold, Walter Keogh and Irvin Forbal as
fielders.
Ijcctiircn on Socialism.
The new branch of the Socialist Labor party,
which was organized in Berkeley last Sunday,
held auother well-attended meeting yesterday
in Pythian Hall. Berkeley. Addresses were
delivered By If. W. Wilklns, Theodore Lynch,
Edel Hecht and 0. W. Buchanan, of San Fran
cisco, and by James Andrews. C. W. Owens and
J. A. Eustace of Berkeley. Theodore Lynch of
this City will address the Berkeley socialists
next Sunday on "A Call to the Unconverted."
56
TUESDAY JANUARY 26, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postago Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .fO.IB
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, fay mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall- .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
V> ktx.Lv Call, one year, by mall *•*<•
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Ttlepnon Main-IBM
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
T*j«phon« Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:80 o'clook.
SBP Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I.arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
S\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
nutil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street- open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: op°n until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
F.oorni 81 and- 38, 34 Park Row, New Tort City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The only way to suspend highbinding
is with a rope.
Little Pete made big money at it, but in
the end it did not pay.
Why not proclaim Chinatown a public
nuisance and clean it out?
The Nicaragua canal bill may be dead,
but it 13 far from speechless.
Once more the powers have agreed to
coerce Turkey. Ring, ring the chestnut
bell. '
It might pay to import Li Hung Chang
for a while and give him the freedom of
the City. ___^___
The cold wave struct everything from
Montana to England at the first swoop,
and is still going east.
The plague in India seems to follow the
lamine, and if the famine is driven out
the plague will go also.
If abolishing commissions does not lead
to economy the only resort left will be to
abolish the Legislature.
It is now time for the Legislature to
Jeave the payroll episode and go on to
eomething that isn't scandalous.
The blizzards of Chicago seem to have
been ju-t about cold enough to warm the
heart of charity and set it moving.
Instead of four more years of Grover we
have less than six weeks of his frozen
clover. Time improves everything.
There is a great deal of work before Con
gress, but Congress doesn't care. It Is not
compelled to finish anything before it
quits.
It is reporied that the Kaiser intends to
repress liberalism in Germany, and that
means of course that he is going to sow
anarchy.
If American sympathy were only ammu
nition fit for battle It would not take the
Cubans long to drive the Spaniards out of
their island.
The report of the State Controller is not
easy reading, but as he had to deal with
the extravagance of our taxmakers it must
be admitted he had a tough subject.
It would have been easier for McKinley
if he bad accepted one of those ready*
made Cabinets offered him immediately
after the election and let it go at that.
Since British law found a way to well
nigh exterminate the thugs in India
American law ought to be able to put a
little decent restraint on the highbinder.
It is regarded in Washington as certain
that the next Senate will have a majority
for a good protective tariff bill and thus
another cloud rolls away from the hori
zon.
Corbett declares, "Fitzsimmons is talk
ing a great deal and with a very poor ex
cuse," and as Fitz has been talking of Cor
bett the public will agree to the proposi
tion.
It is reported the P&palists of Georgia
are denouncing Tom Watson for not keep
ing in the middle of the road, just as if
there were any road in sight for either
him or his party.
California cannot be called a jay coun
try when a local artist is able to earn $60,
---000 a year from the products of his easel.
This fact speaks volumes for the advance
ment of refined taste in our community.
Chancellor Yorke, after speaking at
Oakland of the evil effects of the sensa
tional newspapers of the day, pointed the
right moral in saying: "The antidote is
with yourselves. Refuse to purchase such
trash and it will soon be withdrawn from
the market."
Kaiser William's recent statement that
be knows nothing of a cabal in his court
is the first acknowledgment of ignorance
on any subject he ever made, and is a
striking illustration of what happens even
to a crowned head when it gets too big to
read the papers.
Ingalls has been lecturing in Atlanta
and the people, after contrasting him with
Bryan, have readied the conclusion that
while tbe Kansas orator could not have
stampeded a convention as Bryan did, he
is far away the more entertaining lecturer
to a cultured audience.
If the Greater Republic of Central Amer
ica will not eive consent for the United
States to build and control the Nicargaa
canal it is pertinent to ask to whom it
will giye consent. They need the canal
almost as much as we do, and certainly
they cannot build it themselves.
One of the measures before Congress
that should by all means be passed at this
session is the immigration bill. Every
week's delay in the establishment of
needed restrictions adds just so many
more to the number of undesirable per-
Bons who come to this country to compete
with our labor and conflict with oar laws.
It is reported from the East that a Phil
adelphia publishing-house is trying to
forestall Bryan's book by issuing one with
a similar title and a misleading title page
to deceive the public, but if Bryan is the
brilliant genius he is said to be it would
be impossible to imitate him. You
couldn't deceive the public with an imita
tion Webster.
THE HIGHBINDERS.
While the notorious "Little Pete" was
not a citizen of such character as to make
his murder a loss to the community, he
was, nevertheless, sufficiently prominent
and powerful to make it an important
event in the City and to call sharply to
the public mind the growing evil of per
mitting highbinders to ply their murder
ous trade along our streets.
Ever since the outbreak of the struggle
between the Bee Yupi and the Sam Yups
professed murderers have plied their trade
in the streets of Chinatown, and have re
peatedly slaughtered their victims under
circumstances which show not only a dis
regard for human life, but an utter con
tempt for American law. "Little Pete" is
only one of several victims who have
fallen in this struggle, and there is ample
reason for believing that his death will
be followed by many others unless drastic
measures are taken by the police to pre
vent them.
It has long ago been demonstrated tbat
it is impossible to govern the Chinese com
munity by laws which are sufficient for
Americans and Europeans. In the first
place, the Chinese, as a people, have no
abhorrence of murder, and make no effort
to hunt out the perpetrators of such of
fenses. In the second place, they have no
regard for the sanctity of an oath, and on
i he witness-stand commit such perjuries
tnat, whether they testify for or aeainst
the accused, they invariably leave in the
minds of the jury the suspicion which
raises the douot that, under our law,
must be construed in favor of the pris
oner.
To govern tlie population of Chinatown
there is needed something of the strict
and despotic law of China. The police
force in the limits of the Chinese district
should not only be increased in numbers,
but sl;ould be given increased power. The
police should have authority to arrest any
Chinaman whom they suspect of being a
highDinder and search him to see if he
carries concealed weapons. They should
not have to wait for the commission of a
crime or to have reason for suspecting a
man of committing it in order to be
authorized to arrest him and make the
search. They should have that authority
and be instructed to exercise it at all times
of the day or night.
In the performance of their duties in
Chinatown it is as easy for the police
officers to "spot" hitthbinders as it is for
them to spot well-known crooks among
gatherings of Americans. If they were
authorized to arrest any person suspected
of being a highbinder, to search him and
to take away from him any weapons
found on him, much might be done to
eradicate that murderous gang from the
City.
Certainly we have had an ample expe
rience of Chinatown to be well assured
that the ordinary processes of our law are
not equal to tbe task of holding in sub
jection the malignant nature of these
Mongolian murderers. The highbinders
constitute a profession that is public in
its nature. They have their meetings al
most openly and many of them are well
known to the police. They work for hire,
and advertisements offering rewards for
assassinations are posted in Chinatown as
publicly as advertisements for any legiti
mate business. It is certainly not beyond,
the power of American law and justice to
put a stop to such open offenses.
The British Government by takingdrastlc
measures exterminated the thugs in India,
aud while in doing bo it committed many
acts which shocked the sensibilities of the
civilized world, the measures nevertheless
proved efficacious and were justified by
the results attained. California could
well afford to imitate the British example
in this regard. While stringent measures
against highbinders might raise a cry in
the East of injustice to the mild-man
nered yellow man they would at least save
our City from the disgrace of tolerating
professional murderers and in the end
would justify themselves by the establish
ment of law and order and the preserva
tion of life.
The highbinders must be suppressed.
They constitute a menace not only to the
Chinese but to the white race. It is true
that at present they rarely or never under
take to kill a white man, bat if they are
permitted to grow bold in their infamous
trade there is no telling to what extent
their violence may go. "Little i'ete" has
not been a credit to the City while he
lived, but if his murder in a barber-shop
on a public thoroughfare, in an hour of
business activity, rouses the people to a
sense of the evil which confronts them
and determines them to take resolute ac
tion to suppress it, then "Little Pete" will
have become something of a public bene
factor and do enough by his death to
counteract the evil he did in his life.
THE NICARAGUA CANAL.
A carious situation has been produced
at Washington by the letter of Senor
Rodriguez declaring that the Greater Re
public of Central America will not con
sent to the construction of the Nicaragua
canal under the terms of the bill now be
fore the Senate. The letter virtually kills
the bill, but the advocates of the measure
are resolved that it shall not die until
they have thoroughly investigated the
source from which the letter comes, and
made clear the motive as well as the
mea.iing of it.
Senator Morgan, who has given the sub
ject careful consideration, declares that
the bill was drawn bo as to come within
the terras of the concession granted by
Nicaragua. He asserts there is nothing in
it which justifies the Government of that
country in withdrawing the concession,
and insists on keeping the bill before the
Senate until all the Nicaragua corre
spondence with our State Department can
be laid before the Senators for consider
ation.
Of course the efforts of Senator Morgan
will not help the bill directly. Since the
Government of the Greater Republic,
which now acts for Nicaragua, has de
clared its opposition to the measure the
matter becomes one of diplomacy, and
must be dealt with by the State Depart
ment rather than by Congress. The Sen
ate, neverthless, has an equal voice with
the President in managing foreign affairs,
and by bringing before it all the corre
spondence of the State Oflice on the sub
ject may discover some means by which
to overcome the objections interposed and
make clear to the Government of the
Greater Republic that it would do well to
withdraw the opposition and make way
for the construction of the work.
The importance of a canal across the
isthmus is bo great that the United States
cannot permit either the folly or the pride
of the people of those countries to prevent
its eventual construction. Sooner or later
there must be such a canal and when com
pleted it must be under the vinual con
trol of the United States. We need the
use of it for commerce and we would need
the command of it in time of war. It
must therefore be an American canal, and
since the United States is the only power
in America capable either of building it,
maintaining it or defending it, it must be
under our control.
The action taken by the Government of
the Greater Republic will have Us effect
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1897.
In determining the action of tbe Senate on
tn<3 proposed aroitration treaty with Great
Britain. The canal is one of the subjects
which we will not be willing to submit to
the arbitration of any European power.
Thus the complication which has been
developed over the canal bill will affect
the principle of arbitration, which
but a short time ago was regarded so
favorably throughout the country.
The people will uphold Senator Morgan
in his right, even though, it appears to be
a forlorn one. The issue is not one which
we can trust to the hidden processes of
diplomacy. It should be discussed in the
open Senate, and if the Greater Republic
of Central America is to prevont the con
struction of the work, which will be of
benefit to its country, simply because it
will be controlled by the United States,
the people ought to know the reason why.
THE CONTROLLER'S REPORT.
The report of the State Controller for the
two fiscal years ending June 30, 1896. forms
a compact volume of statistics of 198 pages
and will be found dry, tedious and heavy
to those who by their duties are required
to read, mark and inwardly digest it. The
work nevertheless deserves to be studied,
for as it deal's with the finances of the
State the recommendations contained in
it are of concern to every taxpayer.
The Controller calls attention to the In
crease in offices and commissions during
the two fiscal years included in his report,
and says tbat while ia the last two State
campaigns "everybody preached economy
but few if anybciy practiced it." He goes
on to show that during the sessions of
1891,1893 and 1595 the number of offices
and commissions were largely increased,
and says: "The monthly salaries paid in
this office alone on the last day of each
month have increased in round numbers
from $36,890 in January, 1891, to $44,700 in
November, ]896, an annual increase of
nearly $95,000. These figures do not in
clude the payrolls of any of the State in
stitutions, nor do they convey an idea of
tbe additional expense to the State, for
the salaries paid these newly created offi
cers and commissions is the smallest part
of the appropriations made for their ben
efit."
During the period of this increase two
commissions have been abolished — the
Forestry Commission and tbe State Board
of Viticulture— whose work has been
turned over to the State University and is
now conducted at a comparatively small
expense. The fact that there has been an
increase in the salaries and appropriations
for State officers and commissions despite
the attempt at economy by abolishing the
two named will be surprising to the tax
payers. "Certainly," as the Controller
says, "this does not look like economy,
nor even an approach to it."
The poor policy which prevents the
maKnificent water power owned by the
State at Folsom prison from being util
ized in some manner to the pecuniary
benefit of the taxpayers is pointed out and
the Controller recommends that if it can
hot be used for tbe purpose of manufac
turing articles of wearing apparel
used in various State institutions
because of competing with free labor
it could be well employed in the gen
sration of electrical power which could
be transmitted to Sacramento and used in
the Capitol, State Printing Office and agri
cultural pavilion. It is calculated the
amount saved by this alone would pay a
large return on the investment.
The one cheering feature of the report
is to be found in the statement that the
total general fund estimate for the next
two fiscal years is $6,027,164 16, a reduc
tion of about $1,050,000 from the estimate
of two years ago. This reduction is
caused by the elimination of items for the
support of aged indigent?, district agri
cultural societies, boards of horticulture
and viticulture, debris commissioner,
commissioner of public worKs, schoolbook
department of the State Printing Office,
and the Supreme Court commission. It
is pleasing to know that something was
,ione in the past in the direction of econ
omy, and the present Legislature we trust
will profit by the report to devise means
for greater economy in the future.
. TRUE ART APPRECIATED.
California offers substantial encourage
ment to artists of merit. This is shown
by the fact that those who devote their
best efforts and talents to painting, sculp
ture or other branches of the plastic arts
are rewarded by returns which if not al
together commensurate with their own
ideas of their deserts are at least equal
to the emoluments gained by persons of
equal ability in the more prosaic walks of
life.
A gentleman connected with a promi
nent school of ait and design nas made
extensive investigations touching this
subject, and ha 3 ascertained that any
properly educated artist who studies and
works, and who, in short, does his duty
by his profession, is able to maintain a
respectable position in society and his
financial returns are on the average as
great as they would have been had he ap
plied himself with like diligence to any
other profession.
Of course it is all at variance with the
accepted canons of what used to be known
as Bohemia for disciples of the gentle arts
to manifest an inclination for industry and
providence, jet it is noted that the bril
liancy and genius of those thus endowed
is by no means clouded, but that on the
other hand they shine all the more re
splendently because they are able to meet
the proper and reasonable requirements of
their station in society by tne exercise of
ordinary circumspection in the usual af
fairs of lite.
While California does not put forward
her artists as the most thrifty and frugal
class of citiiens, yet it is with no small
degree of satisfaction that this develop
ment of the new and true spirit of the
realm of Bohemia should be encountered
heie in sunny California, where the sway
of easy and generous living has been
almost universal.
An additional subject for congratula
tion, though it may to a certain extent
detract from our self-glorification in re
gard to the extent to which artists are
patronized in our own State, is that there
is beyond our borders an increasing de
mand for the creations of Californian art
ists. This fact is attested by the orders
for paintings received almost constantly
from New York and other Eastern cities.
McCULLAGHS LOVE ROMANCE
I'ittsbnrg Dispatch.
Henry Watterson, who for thirty years was
a close friend of J. B. McCullagh, confirms the
impression that there was a love romance in
the dead editor'B early career in St. Louis.
The young woman in the case lived in Louis
ville for a while. She was a handsome and
accomplished girl, and was the adopted
daughter of a present St. Louis official, who
was Mayor of St. Louis in the early '70's, and
almost a millionaire then. Her foster parents
lived in the most aristocratic section of St.
Louis, and broke off the match because McCul
lagh was poor. "Why, he is only a reporter,"
was the crushing reply, when she pleaded for
permission. About twelve years ago she mar
ried a rich doctor, and they moved to San
Francisco. He cruelly abused her from the
8 tart, and in a few years she got a divorce and
soon after died oi a broken heart. The recol
lection of the affair saddened McCullagh's
later yearn, and helped to make him the cynic
he was.
PERSONAL.
D. F. Warnocic of Chicago is In the City.
Temple Godman of London Is in the City.
W. F. McNeill of Spokane Is on a visit to the
City.
Dr. A. C. Henderson of Brooklyn, N. V., Is in
town.
J. L. Pendleton of New Britain, Conn., is in
the City.
M. McNamara of East Clallam, Wash., Is in
the City.
Charles T. Lindsey of Visalia arrived here
yesterday. |
W. E. Peck, a merchant of Santa Cruz, is at
the Grand.
G. B. Pinto, & merchant of Modesto, is here
on a business trip.
Arnold Wood and Mrs. Wood of New York
are at the Palace.
George Stewart, a mining man of Wallace,
Idaho, is at the Lick.
John-F. Delap, a wealthy resident of Brook
lyn, N. V., is in town.
Gustaf Palmqvist of Stockholm, Sweden, ar
rived here yesterday.
William H. Baker, a merchant of Astoria, ar
rived here yesterday.
O. A. Tilson, an attorney of Modesto, came
to the Bay City yesterday.
C. Werngen of Portland, a manufacturer of
woodenware, is at tne Grand.
Ben M. Rosenberg of Ukiah arrived here
yesterday. Ha is at the Grand.
Charles Kuox of Dryad, a recent arrival
here, is s.aying at the Cosmopolitan.
John Combs, a mining and business man of
Princeville, Oregon, is a late arrival here.
A. F. and J. H. Call and E. W. Freeman, all
of Sioux City, lowa, are at the Occidental.
J. T. Francis and wife of Niles are on a visit
to the City, and are guests at the Cosmopoli
tan.
Among recent arrivals at the Cosmopolitan
are L. G. Couture and J. Mackin of Prescott,
Ariz.
D. P. Durst, the extensive ranch owner of
Wheatland, was among yesterday's arrivals
here.
M. R. Engle of Hawley, Green & Engle, ex
tensive lace importers of New York, is In the
City.
Among the arrivals here Is Dr. D. W. Rlggs
of Allegheny, Pa,, who is here largely for
pleasure.
J. Thompson and wife arrived here from
Sitka this morning, aud are registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
L. W. Blinn, the wealthy resident of Los An
geles, is here, accompanied by his wife. They
are at the Palace.
J. N. Van Nuys of Los Angeles, who Is
erecting a large hotel in that ciiy, is here, ac
companied by his wife.
Dr. David N. Loose of Maqueketa, lowa, is at
the Occidental en route to Honolulu. He is ac
companied by Mrs. Loose.
John Hendry and Z. Gordon Goldberg, sub
stantial business men of Vancouver, B. C,
are among the arrivals at the Palace.
M. H. Walker, a wealthy business man of
Salt Lake, ono of the pioneers of that city, is
in town, accompanied by Mrs. Walker.
Presiding Judge J. M. Seawell of the Supe
rior Court was able to hold court yesterday,
though bis health is anything but robust.
J. O'Connell of Cincinnati, who is here in
reference to taking the Eastern agency for a
large manufacturing company, is at the
Palace.
Mrs. S. Bishop, wife of Dr. S. Bishop of Reno,
Nev.,isinthe City visiting relatives. She is
accompanied by her daughter, Miss Minnie
Bishop.
Vice-President C. F. Crocker and Manager J.
A. Fillmore returned yesterday from a trip
over the Southern Pacific system as far as El
Paso, Tex. _____________
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 23.— At the St
Cloud, C. Ban dm an; Metropole, A. Agnew;
Belvidere, 8. Well; Park Avenue, Mrs. Sher
wood; Imperial, W. A. Restenpart; Holland,
C.R.Lloyd Jr., C. Brugulere; Grand Union,
B. H. Johnson, H. Lester; Plaza, C. A. Cuxtiss;
Albert, J. Evans; Manhattan, J. S. Foorman;
Everett, T. Heilborn.
CALFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 25. —F. VV.
Felhewliesen ot San Francisco is at the Wel
lington. C. C. Grove and J. P. Montgomery of
Los Angeles are registered at the Hotel John
son.
THE TELL-TALE EYE.
She tried to kill me witn a glance,
But I refused to die,
- Because I saw a twinkle in
One corner of her eye.
A twinkle that she vainly tried-
Poor maiden!— to conceal,
Because she knew a secret hid
That twinkle would reveal.
That secret was a secret sweet,
Not c'en to self confessed;
That I. the man she'd kill, was he
She really loved the beau
— Carlylk Smith, In Life.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Blobbs— There goes a man who is 60 years
old, and is still cutting teeth.
Slob bs— lmpossible.
Blobbs— Fact. He's a dentist.— Philadelphia
Record.
She — Once you vowed that I was the Bun
shine of your life. Now you stay out night
after night.
He— Er— why— l don't expect sunshine after
dark. — Doublin Freeman.
Papa— So Emily stands at the head of her
class In French?
Mamma— Yes, she and another girl were
exactly even in the written examination, but
it was decided that Emily shrugged her
shoulders more correctly.— Fuck.
"There," said the managing editor, "goes
the queerest man I ever saw."
"How's that," the city editor asked.
"He came ia here to submit an article for
publication, and didn't say that he had always
been a steady reader ot our paper ."—Cleve
land Leader.
"Man," said the youngest member of the
Corner Grocery Entertainment Society, "man
is much like a carpet. As soon as he is down
he gets walked on." •
"And again," hastened to Bay the Cummins
villesage, "he is unlike the article in Ques
tion. For, the more dust he has, the less
likely he is to get the shake."
Overheard— Pa, you are only a Imitation
man?
"No, child, why?"
"Cause I heard sister Bell tell Mr. Padger In
the hall las' night 'at he wnz th'on'yreal
man in th 1 world."— Chicago Record.
Jinks— There is a man who has a number of
movements on foot for making money."
Blinks— Who is he?
Jinks— l don't know his name, but he's a
dancing teacher.— New York Advertiser.
BKYILE fcXPORTS.
Providence Journal.
In the latest official returns of our export
trade appears the handsome sum of $3,408,612
as the value of the bicycles shipped abroad in
eleven months. Probably very few wereaware
of the existence of a foreign trade of so large
proportions in these goods, but it is a trade
that Is growing all the time. It would be in
teresting to know, however, at what price these
exported machines are sold.
ILXAS ANGEL.
Washington Post.
Chief among the Populist candidates for the
Senatorship in Idaho whom Senator Dubois
has to fear is one bearing the euphonious
name of Texas Angel. This is not a nickname
and Mr. Angel is considered quite a big gun
out in the Gem of the Mountains State. He
was a gallant soldier in the Union army and
led a company in a desperate charge at the
battle of Games' Mill. An old friend ot his
tells a story of this charge which would indi
cate that there is some connection between
profanity and good fighting. This particular
charge was so desperate that 175 men were
killed out of a column of 400. The men
wavered in the face of the storm of lead that
met them. Angel sprang iorward swinging
his sword and shouted 10 them in language
more forcible than elegant to "line up." They
did line uo and carried the position that was
the objective poiiu of the charge. Some of
the men explained afterward that when they
heard their captain, who had the reputation
of being a very pious man, talk like that they
were more afraid of him than they were of the
enemy in front of them.
AM£RICANiTiS.
A New Name for the Disease Commonly
Known as Hustle.
Minneapolis Tunes.
A German physician has discovered a new
disease. He calls it Amencanitis. Upon
comiDg to this country he was puzzled by find
ing among his patients all manner of nervouJ
disorders which seemed to have no organ ft!
cause. He has made a study of the different
varieties that come under his notice, and has
named the mysterious malady Americanitis.
In his opinion, the trouble arises in the hurry,
excitement and intense application of Hie in
this country.
It Is true that as & nation, Americans lack
repose. Yankee zeal in well-doing is an un
deniable facr of history. It is proverbial
among foreign chroniclers who have written
us up and especially down.
Threa-fourths of the population is afflicted
with nervousness, which varies in intensity
from trivial habits and mannerisms to actual
disease. We drum with our finders. We pull
flowers to bits. We twist and untwist scraps
of paper. We tap the floor with our feet. VN c
gesture wildly, and sway back and forth In
rocking chairs. Finally, we, collectively and
individually, chew gum. All this occurs in
ordinary conversation and passes for vivacity.
It is regarded as not only perfectly innocent
and natural, but as a necessary form of work
iDg off superfluous energy.
As a matter of fact, it is a most unreasonable
mode of expression and an unjustifiable waste
of vital energy. It is a serious indication of a
wrong altitude of mind and an unwholsome
mode of Hie.
It is not work, but lack of reDose, that Is the
cause of the nervous prostration and breaking
down characteristic of modern society. We
live too intensely. We throw our whole being
into every trivial act. We talk with our hands
and our eyes and our shoulders as well as our
voice. We push with our feet on the carriage
floor as though to hurry the too slowly moving
wheels. We listen with tense muscles to an
animated speaker and wonder at the close of
the day why we are ex&austhd in body and
mind.
Nature never intended that the whole body
should work all the time. In accordance with
the universal principle of rhythm she de
signed the different members to alternately
work and rest, sparing each other. When we
disobey this law of repose there is a constant
friction that must in time wear out the ma
chine. The result is chronic fatigue, not from
overwork, but from unnecessary work. When
we learn to use only those muscles which are
needed for a particular act we will expend but
a small fraction of the vital energy we now
lavish on our work, and we will have a reserve
force that will save us from premature break
down and tide us over disease.
Students of physical culture are making a
study of the laws of repose. Tney may one
day evolve a science of rest which will prove
the cure for that degeneracy which we mourn
in modern society.
THE SEAT OF EMPIRE.
Washington Post.
The steady decline of the relative greatness
and power of the East is very Impressively
shown by each succeeding decennial census
and the reapportionment thereunder of seats
in the National House of Representatives.
One has no occasion to look at the big picture
hung over the west staircase of the hall in
which that House assembles in order to realize
how surely and how fast the star of the empire
takes Its way westward.
A PECULIAR PEOPLE.
Chicago News.
Above or below this whirling earth there is
not a more interesting subject for study than
the American people. They are blessed with
more different kinds of contradictory natures,
they are more consistently inconsistent, they
are more harmoniously unharmonious than
any other people that ever drew the breath of
life. ___^________
THE WHEAT bURPLUS
Kansas City star.
The United States continues to export wheat
in such large quantities as to raise the ques
tion whether the farmers are still holding
some wheat from the huge crops of 1891 and
1892. Trie supposed exportable surplus of
the IS9O crop is already exhausted, yet the
country goes on shipping about 3,000,000
bushels every weei.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Whist Cixb— E. E. P., Los Gates, Cal. The
secretary of the San Francisco Whist Club is
W. F. Blehdon. The clubrooms are at 326 Post
street.
Lobes His Citizenship— Subscriber, City. A
man convicted of a crime that carries with it
the penalty of imprisonment in a State prison
in the United States loses his citizenship, and
it is not restored, unless by pardon at or before
the expiration of sentence.
Monet in Bank— G. 8., City. If two
brothers have money in bank and it is a joint
deposit either can draw the money unless
there is an agreement that neither shall draw
more then a certain amount without the
presence or consent of the other.
Peter Jackson— J. C, City. The last time
that Peter Jackson, the pugilist, was in San
Francisco was in August, 1894. He left here
to make a match with Corbett in New York,
but it ended in wind. He then went to Eng
land and has been there ever since.
The Year 1900— A. C. R., City. It takes 100
years to complete a century. The year 100
closed the first century and the year 101 was
In the second century. The year 1900 will
ciose the eighteenth century so the year 1901
will be the first in the nineteenth century.
Height op Buildings— A. R. T. C, City. The
height of the Palace Hotel above the level of
the street is 120 feet. The new building cor
ner Third and Market streets being erected by
Claus Spreckels will be sixteen stories high.
To the top of the main cornice the height will
be 210 feet and (o the top of the dome the
height will be 300 feet.
The Popular Vote— F. F., City. The popu
lar vote for Presidential electors at the last
held Presidential election was as follows: Mc-
Kinley (Republican), 7,105,959; Bryan (Demo
crat), 6,454,943; Palmer (National Democrat),
132,870; Levering (Prohibitionist), 131,748;
Uentley (National), 13,873; Matchett (Labor),
36,260; McKlnlev over Bryan, 651.016: Mc-
Kinley oveTiill. 336,265; lotal popular vote of
1896,13,875,653. The official vote of each
State is announced by the Secretary of State.
Theater on Keaeny Street— C. F., City.
There was a variety theater in the upper part
of the building on the northeast corner of
Clay and Kearny streets, opened in 1864 by
Ferdinand Gilbert as "The Olympic." It was
suDsequently known as "Gilbert's Melodeon."
and afterward as "Bert's Melodeon," E. G.
Bert being then the proprietor. It was closed
in the latter part of 1869 or early part of 1870.
Joe Murphy, the comedian, played in the
Olympic, appearing there in minstrel special
ties, one of his greatest hits being his per
formance on the "combonicum." At the same
time there were among the performers at the
Olympic Lotta Crabtree (Little Lotta), the
Worrell Sisters, Ben Cotton, Maggie Moore and
others.
Publishing and Translating— A Reader,
City. If you wish to write and publish a book
either in the English or a foreign language,
and wish to protect it, you must comply with
the copyright laws. Write to the librarian
of Congress at Washington, D. C, and he will
furnish you with a copy of the laws. If you
wish to translate a book, and that book has
been copyrighted, you, if It is your desire to
print such translation, must confer witn the
nuthor, as the law gives the author the exclu
sive right to translate or dramatize his book,
in the United States copyright runs for twenty
eight years and may be renewed for fourteen
years. After a copyright has expired any one
can publish a translation of the work.
Freemasonry— A. T. D., Los Angeles, Cal.
There is no certainty as to the date of the ori
gin ot Freemasonry. The difficulty of arriving
at the precise time, place or circumstance in
which Masonary or its true prototype began
has been encountered by every writer on the
subject. It is claimed that recent explora
tions in Egypt accord with the tradition that
the order was in existence when the pyramids
were built. Modern Freemasonry began in
London June 24, 1717, "high noon of the year,
the day of light and of roses," when the four
London lodges, having created themselves
into a grand lodge, named tneir first grand
master. In England there is a claim that the
order was established in York in the year 926.
This is a subject that ennnot be answered in
the space allotted to this department. It is an
interesting one, and the writings of Anderson
and of Preston, which go deep into the origin
of the order, will give you a great deal of in
formation.
THE PARK WILL
GROW IN BEAUTY
The Superintendent Speaks
of Proposed Improve
ments.
He Recalls Some of the More
Notable Achievements
of the Past.
The Acreage of Wood and Water Will
B3 Increased —Reclaiming
the Wilderness.
If the augnrie9 are not falsified the pres
ent year will witness a number of improve
ments in Golden Gate Park calculated to
add greatly to its attractiveness as a pleas
ure resort for the public of San Francisco.
It was while in a retrospective and pro
phetic mood yesterday that Supenntend-
JOHN McLAREN, Who Has Acted as Superintendent of Golden
Gate Park for the Past Ten Years.
eat McLaren recalled some of the things
that have been accomplished during his
tenure of office, as also a few other projects
which are seriously contemplated by the
Park Commissioners.
"The construction of Stow Lake and the
waterfall," he said, "was certainly one of
the most extensive and noteworthy addi
tions to the attractions of the park during
the last ten years. It fulfills a twofold ob
ject. An elevation of 300 feet above the
tide level helps to maintain the parity of
the water, which is both attractive to the
eye and useful for irrigation purposes.
"The reclamation and cultivation of the
sand dunes have involved an enormous
amount of labor. Sea bent grass must first
of all be planted ana allowed to remain
for two years, at the end of which the
sand is usually tied down pretty firmly
and available for the growth of primroses,
California poppies aud the lupin shrub.
No less than 350,000 trees were planted
west of Strawberry Hill during one of our
heaviest years.
£"Many miles of roaos and walks have
been constructed and about 300 acres of
lawns and open glades have been added in
recent years. The object of the Commis
sioners is to reproduce as faithfully as pos
sible the more pleasing atpects of nn tram
meled nature as represented both by wood
and water. With respect to the last
named feature we can extend the surface
of such improvements in a westerly di
rection at a comparatively small cost, ow
ing to the numerous springs which are to
be found near the surface of the soil.
There is a good deal of sand, bat when
this is removed the water level can be
reached without much difficulty.
The eucalyptus, pine aud cypress form
the best preliminary growth I know, for
the reason that they can stand our ever
lasting winds better than any other
shrubs and form a protecting shelter for
plants not as robust in character.
"The three-mile drive along the beach
was finished last year and the three
bridges already constructed together with
the fourth now in course of construction,
represent a large outlay of time and ex
pense. The new bridge, when completed
will be 160 feet long by 132 wide and will
provide an ample drive for horses, a foot
path and a bicycle rath.
"The children's shelter and ladies'cot
tage were built last year, and Mr.
Sweeney's generous donation of the Straw
berry Hill kiosk is among the most at
tractive of recent additions.
"We expect to add twenty acres to the
lawn surface this year, and we are intro
ducing new species of seeds right along.
Tne Commissioners seek to make our col
lection of California trees, plants and
flowers, as also suitable specimens from
Washington, Oregon and Arizona, as per
fect as possible. The Orient and Europe
have likewise furnished many flourishing
varieties.
"There is no other park in the United
States that can boast of so comprehensive
a collection. Hundreds of delicate species
which can be raised without difficulty
here would perish in a night in the Eatt.
"The area of sixty acres formerly occu
pied by the Midwinter Fair is being rap-
Idly restored to its original condition.
Water-pipes have been laid down in
twenty-five acraa, the surface of the soil
has Deen covered with a foot of loam, and
the whole area has been refunded.
"It is hardly necessary to enumerate
such improvements as the museum iron
annex ana the park lodge itself. The
latter is, perhaps, not the largest, but cer
tainly one of the handsomest and most
suitable buildings of the kind in America.
Donations to the museum continue iti
generous abundance, Mr. Daggett's recent
mo,t1 a ?na d bre n '' OUriOS am ° n « the
Mr. McLaren intimated that there is a
probability of the park being illuminated
with eiectncity at an early date, more
particularly along the various drives
The cultivation of orchids is an impor
tant part of the superintendent's duties.
The Yandas and Cattleyas are doing
very well and other varieties from Central
America and the East Indies seem to
thrive. The zoological collection will from
time to time receive additions in the shape
of those animals and birds which may be
allowed to enjoy a certain measure ofi
freedom. The present park staff com-i
prises 160 men.
PARAGRAPH^ AiiOUT PEOPLE.
Jean de Reszke declares that last summer all
his servants performed their labors to the
energetic rhythm and melody of Siegfried's
smithy songs, which they heard him practic
ing so often.
A. Bjolstad, the editor of Folkebladet, or
People's Paper, of Chrisiiania, Norway, is vis
iting Minnesota for the purpose of promoting
the circulation of his Journal among the Scan
dinavians of that Sia;e.
Francis Dar.win makes the announcement
that he is preparing a supplementary volume
of his father's letters. These will comprise
many of purely scientific interest, which could
not be used in the "Life and Letters," together
with some fresh material that has come to his
hands.'
Queen's Home in Chelsea, which is now in
the market, is famous as the supposed resi
dence of Charles ll'g neglected Queen, Kath
erine of Bragauza, but more famous latterly
as the house where Rossetti, George Meredith
and Swinburne took up their residence to
gether in 1862.
Princess Beatrice, as Governor of the Isle of
Wight, will unveil the local memorial to Lord
Tennyson next summer. It is a monument of
Aberdeen granite, which will be erected on the
verge of the cliffs near Farringford. bo that it
will be a landmark lor all ships passing up or
down the channel.
With the avowed object of commemorating
the great benefits which the late Baron da
Hirsch conferred on the settlers In his Argen
tine colonies the beads of the families there
have decided to give the name of Moses Hirsch
to every male child born until the first anni
versary of his death.
Rhea, the actress, was turned away from two
St. Louis hotels because they would not toler
ate her Skye terrier.
Lady Arran is managing a hand-knitting in
stitution in County Mayo, Ireland. Although,
designed to give work to such of her husband's
tenants as needed employment the venture
has proved profitable financially, 7000 pairs
of stockings havinebeen knitted last year and
$3000 paid in wages.
Townsend's famous broken candy, 2 lbs 250.*
— ♦ — • — * . i.
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business bouses and public men by the Peon
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery."
« — * — .
Husband's Calcined Magnesia— Four first
premium medals awarded. More agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark label. '.;■• i•;- j , ,. •. . •
' • — ♦ — • '■ - ■
Will E. . Fisher's creditors will find it to
their advantage to place their claims with
Coffey's Collection Company, 314 Montgomery
street. Reliable, energetic and prompt. Tele
phone Black 2793. , •
• — ♦ ♦
A. Conan Doyle won the cricket match be
tween the Authors' Club and the Press Club in
London almost by himself, making 101 runs
to 82 by the whole opposite side. Neither
J. M. Barrio nor Frankfort Moore, who were
on his side, was called upon to bat.
Irbitatios OF THE THROAT and Hoarseness
are Immediately relieved by " firmm's Bronchial
Troches." Have them always ready.
•; No toilet is complete without a bottle of Ayer'i
Hair Vigor— the beat hair-dressing. Ask your
druggist for Ayer 1 * Almanac, i
.. . •— • — • " 1
Bobkjctt'B Corn Cure. 327 Montgomery. 25c. m
— .♦ . — /
In response to a letter signed by over eighty
; noblemen and men eminent in literature,
science and art. including Mr. Gladstone, Her
j bert Spencer has consented that a fund shall
be opened to paint his portrait for the British
nation. HuDert Herkomer, It. A., has been
chosen as the artist. . .
MEW TO-PAT.
In Trophy
biscuits and
muffins you do
not taste or
smell the bak-
ing powder.
S3 Tillmaru & Bendel, Mfn»TUESDAY ... JANUARY 26, IK«7
AMUSbMEMS.
Baldwin Thkatkb.— "Magda."
COI.DMBIA "1 BKATKB— "Devil's AuCtlOD,"
Morosco's Opkba-Houbk— -Orphans of New
York."
/ioazar Thsatkb.— "All the Comforts of
HomL"
Tivoi.l Opkba Horn- Maritana,"
Ohphkum— Hiph-Class Vandevllle.
I'koplk'h Palace.— Bristol's Trained Horses.
'JHK CHCTKS ASH t-KATINO RIXK. — Dad/ at
Balgbt street, one block east of the Park.
mjtbo Baths— Bathing and performances.
1 Aciiric C Oast Jockky Clttb.— Races to-day.
AUCTION iALES.
By P. J. Babth.— This day, January 26, Art
Goods, at 414 McAllister si., at 2 p. K.
i v Indiana Atction Co.-This day, January
26. Furniture, at 1057 Market St.. at 11 o'clock.
• li liiANK W . BCTTKKFUI.D- This day. Janu-
ary 26, Groceries, at cor. Hayes and Devisadero
sts., at 11 o'clock. Also, Variety Store, at 237
Fifth st., at 2 o'clock.
By Yon Bans Co.— Tbnrsday, January 28
Peal Estate, at Salesroom, 513 California street
at 12 o'clock.
By G. H. Viibsis A Co.-Monday, February 1,
Seal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street,
at 12 o'clock soon.
IyFabton & Ex-i>Bii>GE.-Tuesday, February
2, Teal Estate, at salesrooms, t>3B -Market si.,
at 12 o'clock. _________
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Exempt Firemen elected officers and
gave a banquet last night.
Women's Press Club held a social meeting in
Bnasta Hall yesterday afternoon.
James K. Duncan has sued Carrie Duncan
for divorce on the ground of cruelty.
The Brv Association considered the question
of the ministerial standing yesterday.
r. X }ilnni, a pioneer of '48, died at his resi
dence, 714 Larkin street, last evening.
The Market-street Railway Company has,
asked for • franchise for certain extensions of,
Its line.
Margaret J. Johnson has been gi anted & di
vorce from Charles J. Johnson on the ground
of cruelty.
Sun Francisco and North Pacific Rellwny
officials are looking for a new picnic resort in
the Sonoma Valley.
C. C. Xordhausen, an Oakland merchant,
shot himself over the heart yesterday morn
ing' at the Baldwin Hotel.
John McCluskey, a boy 13 years of age, ana
Henry Stiles, 40 years of age. were reported
missing to the police yesterday.
Third street will have electric-li?hts swung'
over its center on two blocks, from Mission to
Folsom, by next Saturday night.
Dr. Arthur Martin's sanity was called in
question by Deputy District Attorney Waller
Hinkle in Judge Dunne's court yesterday.
The estate of the late Emma L. Dubrow has
been appraised at $111,600. The appraisers
are L. S. Pease, C. E. Hatch and H. P. Tricon.
The Federation of Women decided yesterday
to exhibit many Interesting curiosities at the
bazaar for the benefit of the House of Refuge.
The Chamber of Commerce has called a mass
meeting for Thursday afternoon to consider
the question of sending relief to sufferers in
India.
Henrietta Shelters has again caused the ar
rest of Eodger Forrest, who, it is alleged, is
endeavoring to win her love by threatening to
kill her.
F. A. Wehr, an old carpenter, living at 624
Washington street, was arrested last night on
a charge of insanity, but he converses quite
rationally.
Bienne London's estate, valued at £3200.
has been presented in the Probate Court under
the application of Louis London for letters of
administration.
The Hayes Valley Improvement Club at its
meeting last night discussed the question of
opening Grove street through Alamo square
from Steiner to Scott.
The legal troubles of Thomas Quackenbnsh
nnd his contract wife, Nancy Ann Abbott
QuAckenbush, are on hearing for adjustment
in Judge Seawell's court.
The case of Frederick Marriott, editor of the
News Letter, charged with libeling Judge Heb
bard, will be tried in Judpe Daingerfield's
court on the Bth of next month.
Charles Dinker, a stevedore, was badly hurt
on the steamer Progre«o yesterday. A coal
bucket fell on him, breaking his' jaw aud col
lar bone and also some of his ribs.
Rev. W. W. Bolton, pastor of the Church of
St. Mary the Virgin in this City, declines to
take any notice of Dr. Law's personal attack,
but refutes certain of his assertions.
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Department yes
terday asked the co-operation of Chief Crow- I
ley in arresting the man who has been turn
ing in so many false alarms of fire recently.
B. Molinaro, a shoe-dealer, who disappeared
some weeks asro from 507 Montgomery ave
n-ue, was arrested yesterday on the felony
charge of obtaining goods by false pretenses.
In Judge Hunt's department of the Superior
Court yesterday a jury gave judgment for the ]
defendant in $5000 damage suit ni Carl F.
Bjorn against the Market-street Railway Com
pany.
The Board of [supervisors unanimously
adopted a resolution aFKing the Legislature to
enable the board to take steps to lead to bond
ing the City for sewers and to pay outstanding
indebtedness.
Many of the teachers in the public schools
are willing to donate their services rather
than undergo a prolonged vacation on ac
count of the lack of money in the teachers'
salary fund.
Alexander H. MacDonnld, a clerk, has filed
a petition to be adjudged an insolvent
debtor. He owes $7659. He has some prop
erty that is fully covered by mortgages and
other incumbranccs.
Ingleside track reopened yesterday with a
large crowd of racegoers in attendance. Three
favorites were sucre^siul. The first horses past
thewire were Collins, Minnie Ccc, Buckwa,
Tuxedo, Kowalsky and Preston.
A ynung man named Llswellyn J. Tyler is
very ill at his home on Haight street as a re
sult of exposure and neglect aboard the Walla
Walla when he was unconscious and allowed
to be robbed of his small savings.
Mayor Phelan and ex-Mayor Sutro, being in
terviewed, expressed the opinion that the
move of tho Supervisor* for bonding the City
is premature. Both sugeest the appointment
of a commission as a preliminary step.
J. H. Smith has sued J. M. Scott for dissolu
tion of partnership in the Kenilworth saloon
at the southwest corner of Sixth aud Mission
Ftreew. Mr. Smith says the place takes in $18
a day, on which the net profit is $10 a day.
There is still no sign of the Swanhllda and
the CBjitßin of the Snow and Burgess thinks
thathi.f.- will not get. in under 70 days. The
Snow and Burgess made the run in 60 days,
leaving Australia a day after the Swanhilda.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the judg
ment of the lower court in a ense where J. H.
Sievers sought to obtain damages for an in
jury to his property caused by the construc
tion of a street too iiigh above the official
grade.
Arthur D.oring, who is suspected of being
an Eastern crook, was yesterday sentenced by
Judge Conlan to six months on a charge of
having burglars' tools in his possession and
another six months for carrying a concealed
weapon.
WtllS. Fisher's family in this City does not
know where he is and has not heard "from him
siDce the ruined real estate dealer left here a
week ago to-day, notwithstanding reports that
he Is in hiding at Stockton guarded by a pri
vate detective.
Peter Schlegel and Francis Bruker have sued
the Southern Pacific Company for $2624 85 on
account of twenty-four tuos of Swiss and sap- j
geeo cheese, which the company contracted to
transport from Antwerp to th;s City, and
which arrived in bad condition.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald yesterday filed
the answer, on behalf of the Railroad Com
mission, to the suit of the Southern Pacific
Company, filed in the Federal courts, for a re
straining order to prevent the enforcement of
the 8 per.cent grain rate ordered by the board.
The Bavings and Loan Bociety, by 8. C. Bige
low, its president, has su*d the City and
County of San Francisco for $22,267 54 on ac
count of taxes alleged to have been overpaid
to the defendant. A slmiUr suit has been in
stituted aeainst the City Treasury by the Se
curity Savings Bank for $8398 88.
The Journeymen Butchers' Union, organized
last Wednesday eveniug at the Turk-street
Temple, will meet again Wednesday evening,
January 27, at the same hall for the purpose
of forming a permanent organization and
electing officers, as well as transacting other
important business.
Mark Devlin, owner of the Ocean View Dairy
Ranch, while seated at a taDle in the restau
rant at 23 Taylor street yesterday afternoon,
was stricken with apoplexy. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital and his lriends were
notified. The stroke will in all probability
prove fatal. He is a man well up in years.
Trunks Moved 25. Cent*.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Batter st.
Tel main 49. Furniture moved reasonably,* *
MORE PUNCTURES
IK LEES' THEORY
In Pegging Up Some Holes
the Detective Opens
Others.
Cconey's Lawyers Introduce " To
Me" Nctary Blanks Used
Four Years Ago.
Wade Qualifies a Sweeping Statement
Only to Contradict a Former
Witness.
It was Captain Lees' uneasy day. The
chief of detectives found, when the
Cooney case was resumed yesterday morn
ing, that there were squalls in all quarters.
His clients, the Fair children, had become
entangled in a nasty little lamily snarl
over the expediency of proceeding with
the case just at present. Moreover, the
discovery by the Craven people on Satur
day last of a batch of "to me" notarial
certificates in Attorney John H. Dickin
son's office that had been printed Drior to
1890 had punctured one of the tires of the
prosecution, so to speak, and Captain
Lees and things generally were not run
ning harmoniously together.
There was a corresponding elevation of
spirits among Cooney's adherents. His
attorneys impaled the prosecution by forc
ing Simon H. Wade to qualify his state
ment previously made that none of these
"to me" blanks had been turned out by
Crocker previous to August, 1895. Wade
saved himself and his firm from a har
pooning on sharp facts by declaring that
his memory along these lines did not ex
tend further back than 1895. But he fell '
afoul of a former witness on the same side |
when he told that the key words in legal
blank, "State of California," were printed/
from electrotypes instead of from type di
rect, and that these electrotypes bad been
in use in his house for many years.
There is a detective "o" in the word
"of" of this phrase in the Cooney blank,
and W. E. Stanford, the manager of the
legal blank department, had identified
the pencil deed certificate by this very de
fec'ive letter. Wade's testimony was
that electrotypes of the three words had
been in use at least fifteen years.
The case occupied the entire day. It
was a rehearsal of the technical routine of
a big printing-house, and to the uninitia
ted was a hashing of dry and uninter
esting details. Reudy thrashed his straw
over and over again. He had Foreman
Wade go over the detail of his work, and
the progress of a job in printing under h.s
supervision. There were tine points to be
brought out, as line almost as the invisi
ble defects in printing in these Cooney
certificates, and Reddy weighed and sifted
them with the greatest care. Battered
type was his principal theme. He put
into the hands of Wade specimens of va
rious notarial blanks printed by Crocker,
and haa the foreman enumerate the de
fects with the aid of magnifying glasses.
Where Reddy was going in his devious
digging and probing none but himselt
and Cooney knew.
After leading Wade through a catechism
on defective printing he suddenly intro
duced two deeds, both containing ac
knowledgments, with the words "to me"
in their contents. One of them, executed
by Notary Felix .Marcuse of Alameda,
j bore date May 29, 1893. The notarial ac
knowledgment of Marcuse corresponds in
form, size and printing defects in every
respect with the blanks used by Cooney,
with the single- exception that the ruling
on the margin is slightly more distant
from the border of printed matter.
The second rteed was acknowledged in
Stanislaus on July 18, 1893. The printed
matter in the notarial lorm is distended
ao as to include one more line than is con
tained in the Cooney documents. The
words "io me" occur in the proper place.
Both of these acknowledgments bear the
trademark of H. S. Crock- r & Co., printed
on the margin, and they ore self-evident
contradictions of the famous ''mathemat
ical demonstration" the Fair children de
clared they would bring forward to prove
that these words were not printed in no
tarial biants prior to August 18, 1895.
Lees examined these documents curi
ously. Ho turned his magnifying glass
on the Marcuse document repeatedly, and
made a detailed inspection of ttie defects
in the printing. Then it was hung up in
j evidence, and Reddy let his witness go
CAPTAIN FRANK E. WEBB.
Captain Prank E. Webb, who is a clerk in the law offices of John H. Dickinson,
will be the chief witness in Cooney's defense. It was ■Dickinson who, as attorney
for tne printing-house of H. S. Crocker & Co., passed upon the legal wording and
torm of all legal blanks. There is now in Webb's possession; obtained from the
records of Dickinson's office, copies of blanks printed by 'Crocker & Co. as early as : •
1889— certificates of acknowledgment similar in wording and containing the same
defects in printing as those used, by Cooney on the pencil deeds of Mrs. ( Craven. f
The date of the printing of these blanks cau be established by reference to the tiles ;
of Dickinson' 3 office.
THE SAN FISAfTOISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1897.
FOREMAN SIMCN H. WADE as an Expert in Detecting Defects in the Printing of Legal Blanks.
to his seat after Bix hours' tedious ques
tioning.
Wade took n is place for cross-examina
tion the moment the case was called.
Cooney's attorneys presented him in turn
with the various "exhibits," as the copy
and proofs of notarial blank? printed by
Crocker since 1894 are legally termed, after
which the printing foreman was asked to
relate how he kept house.
"You have been superintendent of H. S.
Crocker's printing department for twenty
five years?"
"Yes, sir."
"And copy coming from the store goes
direct to you?"
"The person in charge of the blank de
partment 9ends his copy direct to the man
setting up the type. He, in turn, records
the copy in a book, sets it up, prints it,
and the"bla:ik i* filed away."
"What becomes of the proof?"
"It is sent to the proofreader for correc
tion and returned to the compositor who
locks tfce forms."
"Does the compositor put the forms in
the chase?"
"He sees that another man puts them
there. This man, in turn, delivers the
job to the pressman. As soon as the job
is completed it is delivered to the packing
table. The type, in turn, finds its way
back to the man who locked up the form
and l? returned to the case."
Continuing, Wade described the duties
of a proofreader and paper-cutter.
"How is proof taken in your otlice?'
"Sometimes through a press, sometimes
by means of a bammer or mallet and a
pianpr."
"Sometimes mistakes escape the notice
of the proofread .-r?"
"Very rarely."
"You do not look after each piece of
work individually?"
"Well, no; not exactly. I keep good
men to see that the work is done."
The examination drifted In detail to the
methods by which the house kept a record
of the number of notarial certificates, or
"blank No. 32." printed. It was cus
tomary /or tha compositor to enter the
number of blanks printed, the kind of
press used, and other minor details, in his
tiiriebook.
"What is the manner of printing forms
in your office?'
"Generally from the type, although
sometimes we use an electrotype or stereo
type."
"In case of blank 132, did you ever use a
stereotype or plate?"
"Yes, I think we made a plate of this
form in 1894 "
"Did you ever use this plate?"
"Yes, in 1894. In 1895 the form was
destroyed, because it became necessary to
insert two words in the blank."
These were the famous words "to me,"
Wade informed Reddy. Ha thought only
one set of blanks had been run "off from
the stereotype that did not contain these
words.
"Did yon ever print blanks with these
words in previous to 1894?"
■'I suppose we did."
"Didn't you say here the other day that
in August, 1895, was the first time Crocker
& Co. had printed tliese words?"
"I said that as far as I knew this was
the case," was the testy answer. "My
records on this subject do not go back of
1894. I suppose that the house printed a
good many of tliese 'to me' forms before
that, as ihe lnw required the use of the
words. I want to set the newspapers
right as farns I am concerned."
Wade then told how lie had first come
to take an interest in the case. Manager
Crocker came to him about two month.s
ago and requested him to furnish copy
and proof of all the notarial blanks printed
by the house !cr the past few years.
"Did you know what was tho object of
your search? '
"Oh, yes; to produce evidence, I be
lieve."
"Against Mr. Cooney?'
"No. I think I did not know Mr.
Cooney then, but I supDOse it was to pro-
Stafe of California,
TWO STORIES OF DEFECTIVE LETTERS.
This is a reproduction of the key "State of California" in the pencil
deed's acknowledgment: According to Foreman Wade. Crocker & Co. have been
using electrotypes for this phrase for fifteen years in all their legal forms. It will
be noticed that the letter "o".in "of" lacks a small section to complete its perfect
contour, while. a "twist" flourish is missing from the lower end of the letter "f."
It was on account of these defects that W. E. Stanford was confident on Wednes
day last the Cooney blanks had not been printed previous to 1895. If the words
are an impression from a sterotype the defects must be in the plate and have been
printed as long as the plate has been in use.
duoe evidence in the Fair case generally."
"Did you have any conversation with
anybody else besides Mr. Crocker?"
"Yes; 1 believe Captain Lees came Into
the stationery department one day and
mr.de inquiries concerning 'blank No. 132,'
which he held in his hand. A few days
later a younc man, un assistant to De
tective Stilwell, called to inquire about
the blank. I said: 'Oh, I have seen that
blank before and I nave nothing to say
about it' A day later I asked Mr. Crocker
what I should do if people continued to
ask me questions ou this subject and he
said 'Refer them to me, 1 and when Stil
well himself called I sent him to Mr.
Crocker." . ' ,
'Was your attention called to any par
ticular form of type?" - - ' ■- .
"Captain Lee?, when he called, showed
me « photographic copy—" ;
"Yes, did he call your attention to any
thing in particular in this copy?"
"Not then; but later I wa* called to
the back office and Captain Lees asked
me certain questions relative to the man
ner in . winch the type was set ' up and
locked in the press." • -
"Do you know if the words 'to me' were
printed previous to 1891?"
"I have no positive knowledge, but I
believe they were always printed in the
forms previous to the time the stereotype
was used in 1894." . ' .
"Were stereotypes used previous to that
'•1 don't think so, but they may have
been." .. '..
"Do yon know if there was any change
in blank 132 in 1891?" v
"I don't know anything about it. My
records, as I said before, only go Dack to
1894."
"Did yon ever see a blank printed by
Crocker & Co. before 1894 containing the
words 'to me' ?" ; \ , ,'■■■■
"Not to my knowledge or recollection ?
Attorney Reddy: then presented Wade
with a notarial blank printed in 1880 con
taining the words "to me." Wade identi
fied it as the work of Crocker & Co.
"You will observe that this blank is
marked '124 N. That was the number
adopted before '132 N, 1 was it not? "
' "I presume so." .^ - .
■a Reddy then produced a second notarial
blank with tne words "to me." , It con
tained in the date line the figures "189—,"
showing, as the attorney said, that it was
evidently intended for use in the "nine
ties.". ■-• •"" ' •>,• ■ • ' ' ' -' -■■:
"Is that Crocker's blank?" asked the at
torney. 5 ■•■ "■ ' /. '; ;' ■•
• "1 should say it was; but, of course, it is
possible for others to imitate our print
ing." '-- .. • ■ . ' ' ';.' * '■■'.■
Wade was then asked by means of a
miicroscope to enumerate the defects in
the blank printed in March, 1894. He
found tbirty-one in * this form, fifty-three
iin that of "August* 8, 1895. The introaac
' ton of two deeds acKnowledged with
Crocker's "to me" certificates, bearing
dates Bin : 1893, afforded Wade an oppor
tunity to detect numerous more instances
of bad priming. tv V; *;'"' : "->h: v , ,lv/ '■': :..•:.;
"Could not these defects occur through
poor paper?" ://:,■ .-: '
"Yes," that is possible. There are a him
dred ways in which the defects might oc
cur. For instance, something might come
in contact. with the lace of the type."
The form of March 16, 1894, Wade said,
was stereotyped for the first time to his
knowledge in the history of the legal
blank work in the house. The stereotype
was destroyed in August, 1895, because it
was necessary to insert the words "to me"
in the old form of the blank. He thousrht
the plate had been used but once. The
key words, "State of California," at the
too of the blank had been electrotyped
many years ago for convenience sake.
There were a number of these electro
types in the printing department and it
was his opinion that they were used in
every form of blank..
George W. yon Ahn, a compositor in
Crocker's printing department, was called
to testify that he had set up various
forma of 'notarial blanks. District Attor
ney Hosmer had him identify the proofs
of the two forms in the 10,000 order of
January 8, 1896. Prior to the issue of Au
gust, 1895. Yon Ann said the blanks were
printed irom a stereotype. On that date
the stereotype was destroyed because the
new form required the insertion of the
words "to me."
"How long had you been using the
stereotype?" asked Attorney Reddy.
"Not very long. 1 '
"When did you first use it?"
"I think it was in 1895."
The case will be resumed to-morrow
morning.
WILL KNOW BEFORE LONG.
San T'nnclsco and North Pacific Look
ing for a Valley Kesort.
General Manager Henry C. Whiting of
the San Francisco and North Pacific Rail
road denies tue latest report from So
noma ihat the company will soon begin
to construct a sidetrack from Vineyard
station to the beautiful grounds of Buena
Vista. Mr. Whiting said yesterday:
"We h»ve not got that far with the mat
ter yet, and at present the company has
no such intentions. After we looked at
the Vallejo place it occurred to us to look
at Buena Vista. The grounds would be
very expensive to keep up ana it would
cost* about $5000 to run a spur track to the
place. Buena Vif'a would make a superb
summer resort. We should be very glad
to land passengers there if somebody
would take hold of the place and make
another Del Monte of it. In fact it is a
Del Monte now. The grounds have foun
tains and flowers and are very handsome.
"We have been looking for a new picnic
resort for some time, and we will have
decided on the place in a few weeks, or
the whole matter will have been dropped
by that time."
The chateau at Buena Vista stands on a
mound and can be seen up and down the
valley for fifteen miles.
MAERIOTT'S LIBEL CASE.
Judge Dalngerfleld Grants Continuance
Until the Bth Prox.
In Judge Daingerfield's court yesterday
S. M. Shortridge appeared as attorney for
Frederick Marriott, charged with libeling
Judge Hebbard, rind asked for a continu
ance of the case on the ground that hii
client was not well enough to he present.
A certificate from Dr. Isaac Jones wn<
submitted to the effect that Mr. Marriott
was suffering from the effects of a surgical
operation and was compelled to remain at
home.
Judge Dain»erfield tboneht that the case
ought to proceed or that $24, the jury fees,
should be paid.
Mr. Shortridße agreed to pay the per
diem at the next calling of the case if the
court at that time should insist on that
course of procedure and the trial was post
poned until the Bin of next month.
Moet & Chaudon.
The White Seal (Grande Cuvee) Cham
pagne now on the market does great honor
to this famous house.— Hotel Gazette.
Their Second Concert.
; Professor Joseph Greven and his vocal stu
dents will give their second concert tnla season.
It will Include operatic singing In costume
and rendering of ballads. The concert takes
plac9 i Wednesday, evening ■ at ' Y. ,M.■* C. A.
Auditorium. It will no doubt be a social and
! musical success; ; ■_ - .-;../: • •;- :; ...- ■....
• — » — « _
i The King of Fills Is Beech am's— BEECttAK's.
TRAILING FALSE
FIRE ALARMISTS
Efforts Being Made to Catch
a Man on a Bi
cycle.
■.
— — — — —
He Has Been Causing the Fire
Department Considerable
Annoyance.
If Arrested and Convicted a Long
Term of Imprisonment Will Be
Imposed Upon Him-
The Fire Department has been put to
considerable expense and annoyance for
the past two or three months by turning
out to false alarms.
Saturday night a false alarm was turned
in from box 147. Howard and Twentieth
streets, which was followed about half an
hour later by a false alarm from "box 97,
Polk and McAllister streets. Sunday
night a false alarm was turned in from box
34, Mission and Steuart streets, and yes
terday morning there was another false
alarm from box 87, Hayes and Steiner
streets.
Every effort had been made by members
of the department to find the man who
was turning in these false alarms, but
without success. Chief Sullivan became
exasperated and yesterday morninsc ad
dressed a letter to Chief of Police Crow
ley, asking the co-operation of the Police
D epartment in finding the man and put
ting a stop to the persistent annoyance
and continued expense.
The Chief at once notified the captains
of the different divisions to see that every
officer was instructed to keep a sharp
lookout for the man and to arrest him at
all hazards if discovered in the act cf turn
ing in an alarm.
AH the other members of the Police De
partment were similarly instructed, and
the citizens are asked to assist the police
and firemen in their efforts to arrest the
man.
Within the past two months there has
been on an average one false alarm per
day. Sometimes there would be three on
one night, and then there would be a ces
sation for a night or two, when two or
three more would follow.
Calculating thu time between the alarms
has led to the conclusion that the man
rides on a bicycle, and it is said that on
more than one occasion a bicycle-rider
was seen hurrying away from the direc
tion of the fire-alarm box a few seconds
beiore the fire-whistles sounded. He has
evidently some swift means of locomotion,
and it is* believed to be the bicycle.
The man la supposed to be a discharged
, NEW TO.D AT- AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLf OPERA-HOUSE
.MBikKßKiutTiarK kkkt.iv >. Proprietor JtMau.*;*:
-THIS EVENING
all ace's Ballad Opera, . -
"MARITANA!"
— GKKAT CAST! '
Correct Costumes ! Beautiful Scenery !
Beginning Next Saturday. January 30,
: Heat* Now on Sale. - ; ■
OUR UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THE WONDERFUL LAMP.
! A Hodge-Podge of .•
. Mirth, Music, Ballet and Beauty.
PoDuJa?*. Prices ........ 25c anM- "iOa
■ I MII ■■ n I AGAIN W£ MAKE
ul Sill/lAff? — Tin: hit —
HlawHfawßl lor mi: wjseki
TRIUMPHANT SUCCESS
Of the Great Laughing Comedy,
"ALL THE
COMFORTS
OF HOME!"
The Laughter Shook the Boot last Night! -
And Will DoSoTO-NIUHT nnd All th* Week!
Bee HUGO TOLAS D s I Don't Miss the '.
■ Rent Booms with "All I ' ; clever Work of ; ";
'« the Comforts of Home." | ; -,' :. ., J. B. PuLK.
•: . ;— — All the Favorites in the Oust—— — . - !
Our .Regular rnct-a. ' J^aoae for seata- JiiacJi 891* ;
■■■. ■"".'/ r. KTxer TO-DAY? , ""• :i [ ~ -
Beauty's bane .is . vl2. 1^
the fading or falling of vio-^^
, the ' hair. Luxuriant . " TB»^^ .
tresses are far more to the
matron than to the maid 'whose casket
of charms Is yet unrifled by time.
Beautiful women will be glad to be
reminded that falling or fading hair
is unknown to those who use *
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
employe of the Fire Department and he ia
tpkine this means of avenging himself for
his discharge. No other reason can be as
signed for any one to Keep up such a con
tinuous system of petty spite, for there is
no reason to doubt that an enemy ol the
department is at the bottom of it.
If the man is arrested he will not escape
with a line, but will get a term in prison
just as long as the law will allow.
In the Alps. '
To-night Professor Cross will give his fourth
lecture in the University Extension Course at
the Young Men's Christian Association Audi
torium, Mason and E.lis streets. His subject
to-night will be "Thirty Days Afoot in the
Alps," and it promises to be even more inter
esting th&a the preceding lectures in the
course. The pictures to he thrown on the
screen are pronounced to be unsurpassed, and
the lecture will be most interestiug in every
particular.
NEW TO-DAY.
How good tea tastes once
a year when it first comes
over from China and Japan!
• . That's the way Schilling
Best tastes all the year
round. It is fresh-roasted
in San Francisco as fast as
your grocer wants it.
At grocers' in packages.
A Schilling & Company
, San Kr»nci.m H . MS
XEW TO-D AT-AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
li.UiiiiA.\ <& uo. (Incorporated) i'roprwio:i
Brilliant Reception I Positive Ovation !
TO-NIGrHT
TWO WIKKB ONLY.
MODJESKA
Assistel by the Sterling Actor, Mr.
JOSEPH HAWORTH
AND COMPLETE COMPANY.
To-Night and the Next Three Mghts
and Saturday Matinee,
. badermann's Great Play,
" 2£.J±.C3rT)J±."
Saturday Evening, "VARY STUART."
Next week—Monday, Tuesday and Saturday
nights, "MAiUETII."
Thursday, Feb. 4. by universal request, "ADRI-
ENNE I^ECOUVRKLTR."
Ttexular Baldwin prices—Evening;, 25c to $ 1 60;
Mijtrnee, Entire Dress circle, $1 ; Balcony, 60c
and 75c. Spats now gelling for all performances.
THiCDLA?iSrLOOTTLOB « AnDtvuttotß4- • ■
AM.XX SAMEK LAST WEEK !
. A Crowded House! Tremendous Enthusiasm!
=THE DEVIL'S AUCTIONS
■ Complete Change of All Features.
Ballets, .specialties, Costume*
And Novelties.
NEW THIS WEEK Billet of the Fools.
NEW THIS WEEK Plerrotts and I'ierriettes.
NEW THIS WKEK The Tee To Turn.
NEW THIS WEEK Queens of the Ballet. .
NEW THIS WEEK Fairies of the Ballet.
NEW THIS WEEK Theater dcs Marionettes.
NEW HIH WKEK 1 The Army of S»lvatlou.
jSEW THIS WEEK [On the Klalto. -
And First Presentation In This City of the
New Pantomimic Enisode,
- "THE BIKE CRAZE!"-— —
' All the hits of the past week retained.
AH the Gorgeous Scenery, Costuming and Effects.
Next Monday "THE PRODIGAL FATHER."
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO. ..Role lessee and Manama:
EXCITEMENT FUN
Initial Production on the Pacific Coast of
"ORPHANS OF NEW YORK!"
' A Sensational Comedy Drama of Life
In a Big City.
2 BIG FIRE SCENES 8
Splendid Scenery! Mtrengthened Cast!
Many Funny Specialties 1
■ Krcnlne Prices— a .to mil !»o.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
ANOTHER BOUNTIFUL BILL!
•7 THE FRANTZ FAMILY "7
The Most Wonderful Acrobats on Earth.
ALCIDE CAPITA'NE, the Female Kaudow.
BESSIE CLAYTON
The Renowned "Back-Kick" Dancer,
AND GREAT OLIO OF KOVELTIES!
Reserved sea's. «3cj Balcony, luo; opera-cnalri
and box-seats. 50c. •
The Hungarian Orchestra In concert In the Or-
pheum Annex immediately after the performance.
PEOPLE'S PALACE.
, , Cor. Eddy and Jones Btt.. -
JMS MOWAY, JANUARY 25.
BRISTOXi'S
MARVELOUS PERFORMING
HORSSS,
PONIES AND MULES.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
At the matinees all children get a free pony ride.
Prices.. ...............10c. aoc. 30c, 50c.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 A. M. to 0 i*. M.
; Swimming Season 1897..
Bathing, Including Admission— Adult*
. . 25c. Children »uc.
General Admission, 10c ; Children, OQ*
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
CNCLESIDE TRACK),
The only Peitect Winter Racetracic in A merle i.
RACING agjj&g RACING
Racing From Monday, Jan. 2 5, to Satur-
day, February 0, Inclusive. •
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or. Shine.
FIRST ACE AT 2P. M.' - : ':
Take Southern Pacific train*' at Third ; an]
Townsend sts. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 p. m.
. Fare for Round Trip, including Ad-
mission to Grounds, *1.00. . : .
Take Alisslon-sc. electric line direct to tracic
The Tarpey Stakes Saturday, January 30. -
The Hobart, stakes Saturday, February 6. .'
A. B. wHKfcX'KELS, President.
W. Si liSAKK, Ssecieiary,
78
QUARRELS OF TWO
VENERABLE LOVERS
Thomas M. Quackenbush
Objects to Paying $500
a Month.
Nancy Ann, His Wife by Con
tract, Demands That Amount
of Him.
He Fears That She Will Attempt to
Ob a.n Half of His Estate After
His Death.
Mrs. Nancy Ann Abbott-Quackenbush
bad an interesting time in Judge Seaweil's
court yesterday, when her suit against
Thomas M. Quackenbush for $300 a month
alimony or nermanent support was called
for trial. Mr. Quackenbush's suit against
her to have canceled a certain marriage
contract and other papers which she holds
was taken up simultaneously, as the prop-
MRS. QUACKENBUSH OR MRS. ABBOTT.
erty rights are identical in both actions.
She say* he is worth $600,000, while he
declares that his property will not total
more than $300,000.
Mrs. Quackenbush is elderly but well
preserved, with the manners of a lady of
cultnre, gentle voiced and clear of intel
lect. Her appearance on the witness-stand
indicated that she knew what she was |
about, and none of the attorneys was able j
to shake her from any position that she
onoe took in regard to the relations be
tween her and Mr. Quackenbush before
and after their marriage by contract
In reply to Attorney Arthur Roagers the
lady told a simple tale of her marriage by I
contract. She said that she met Mr.
Quackenbush first when she went to him
for the purpose of seeing about some re
pairs to a bouse in whic:i she was living.
Alter that their acquaintance ripened into
friendship, and be often called to see her.
He manifested his affection for her and
asked her to marry him. He rented a
room in her house and a few days after
ward they were married by contract, the
document being in these words:
San Francisco, Nov. 15, 1889.
Know all men that I, Thomas M. Quacken
bush of the City of San Francisco, State of
Calllornia, and Nancy Ann Abbott of Sao Fran
cisco, State of California, do agree to live to
gether as man and wiie, share and share alike,
60 long as we both shall live.
Thomas M. Qtjackenbvsh,
Nancy Ann Abbott.
To indicate that she was recognized as
the wife of Mr. Quackenbusb, she pro
duced the following order for the delivery
of some valuable diamonds:
December 22, 1892.
Mr. Gunter Fredericks: Please deliver the dia
monds left in your care to the bearer, my
wife. Thomas M. Quackenbcsh.
It was agreed, Mrs. Quackenbush testi
fied, that there should be no public an
nouncement of the marriage, but consider
able comment having been made in reeard
to her relations with M r. Quackenbush, she
talked with Attorneys Roagers and Heller,
and received a form of acknowlegment of
marriage, which she wrote out, and Mr.
Quackenbush signed it on Christmas day.
It reads:
December 25, 1892.
Mrs. Nancy A. Abbott Having become my
wife on November 15, 1889, upon my agree
ment that she should receive a wife's snare of
my estate at my deatb, 1 now confirm that
agreement and charge my property with it,
and change my will to give her this full share
as if I had made no will, and she can make
public our marriage.
Thos. M. Qcackenbush.
This brief document was made the sub
ject of considerable discussion later in the
day, as Attorney W. W. Foote showed
thai Mr«. Quackenbunh testified originally
that Mr. Quackenbush suggested the
words in the statement, and he believed
that her subsequent correction was made
at the suggestion of others, who knew
that it might be important to have the ex
act truth brought out.
Another paper was also offered in evi
dence, showing further acknowledgment
of the marriage:
San Francisco, January 4, 1893.
I do hereby declare that Mrs. Nancy A. Ab
bott and mysell were married on November
15, 1889, and we have since lived together as
husband and wife, and 1 hereby so change my
-will as to give her a one-half interest in my
estate at my death.
Thomas M. Qdackenbcsh.
Wituess: A. H. Abbott.
Delia M. Hurmans.
Mrs. Quackenbush said she had asked
her husband to sign that document be
cause he had promised her and her son
that he would do so. He signed it just as
he was about to go away to the springs for
the benefit of his healtu.
When Attorney Foote began bis cross
examination it was evident that there was
no good feeling between them, as they
met before at the taking of the lady's pre
liminary deposition, and tde verbal con
test begun at that time was continued in
court. After leading the witness quietly
over the main points of the case Mr.
Foote took up the marriage contract of
:NoYember 15, 1889, and a spirited colloquy
took place.
Mr. Foote— Now, this so-called marriage con
tract. Was it for love 1
Mrs. QuackcnbUßh— Yes, I loved him; I cer
tainly loved him.
Mti I.uk you your age, madam *
My asre?
Yes, your age; that is, if you don't object.
I don't.
Well, what is It, please?
I WBF 55 last Christmas day.
And Mr. Quackenbush, you said, is rising 76?
Yes.
And you still say that the marriage was for
love ?
I loved him a great deal.
Were you enamored of his person and the
qualities of his mind?
I thought a great deal of him.
Are you sure that mercenary motive! had
nothing to do with the matter?
I had no such idea.
Mr. Foote was evidently inquisitive in
regard to the preliminaries of the engage
ment and the signing of the contract, and
Mrs. Qutfcken bush was shy about telling.
The dialogue was quite entertaining.
Mr. Foote— l want you to answer me now.
Was there no love-making?
The witness— Tnat is a question that I re
fused to answer on the taking of my deposi
tion.
••I remember that, and I remember that
your lawyer Instructed you to refuse to an
swer. Now I ask the court to direct you to
answer." .
The witness appealed to the court and
Judge Seawell said as gently as possible
that it was necessary for the witness to
disclose all th 6 circumstances attending
the ceremony.
Mr. Foote (returning to the attack)— Now
whs there any love-making before the signing
of this first contract?
The witness (reluctantly)— Yes.
"Any hugging?"
"Yes."
"Auy kissing?"
••Yes."
"Then, you signed the contract?"
"Yes."
"Who drew up the contract?"
"I did."
"Still it was only for affection that you
signed the contract?"
•Yes."
• 'Then what did you mean when you put in
the words 'share and shard alike' In the con*
tract?"
■ It meant that if he had plenty I was to
share it with him, and if he was poor 1 was to
share his poverty. Of course, I expected my
husbaud to support me.
When erguing as to the admissibility of
Mrs. Quackeu bush's deposition as evi
dence in the present hearing Mr. Foote
said:
I believe this woman was in a scheme to loot
this old man's estate. She isn't teliing the
truth. When she testified originally that
Quackenbush dictated that document of
acknowledgment and that no :orm had been
supplied by her attorneys I believe that she
knowingly stated what she knew to be false. I
contend that I have a right to present this to
the court, as it goes to the credibility of the
witness.
This position was sustained by Judge
Seavrell, and the witness explained that
she did not unuer.-tand the question of
counsel. She thought reference wa« made
the original marriage contract, when she
swore that she had no form to go by in
drawing it up.
The case will go on at 10 o'clock this
morning.
ON TWO MORE BLOCKS.
Third Street Is Going to Have
More Electric Lights
at Once.
From Mission to Folsom Will B
Able to Laugh at
Darkness.
More lights are going tip on Third street
and before the weefc is out the two blocks
from Mission to Folsom will cease to mind
the passing of the sun.
On Third street it is the property-owners
who are patting up the greater part of the
light fund and as they are not so accessi
ble as the merchants the fund is increas
ing more slowly. There is enough on
hand now, however, to cast the darkness
from two more blocks on Third street and
the necessary lights will be put in as soon
a 8 possible.
Those who have signed the subscription
fund for the two blocks from Mission to
Folsom are:
From Mission to Howard— A. Van Bergen,
Mrs. M. A. Wightman, Caunan Fallon, Ed A.
Heber, O. V. Baldwin, Adelaide Marks, Dennis
F. Harrington, K.iz Geggus, Hannah Bir
rell, William Hendnckson, Eva N. Wheelan,
Thomas Jennings, Mary Canning, C. D.
Athearn, estate of E. Pearson, Gustav Har
shali, Joseph Hume, M. Brogan, Mary A.
Swiit.
From Howard to Folsom— Simon Kelly,
Rienzi Hughes, A. Bull and Esther Miller,
John Bain, L. Metzzef, G. Marshall, Louis
Metzger. John F. Swift, Nat HaUinan, W. W.
Meek«, Daniel McMillan, H. Koater, E. Schu
bert, M. Brogan, W. a. Piuer, Mnry Goldstein,
I. Kudee, 11. F. Robs, B. 11. Brown, Rienzi
Hughes.
On the block from Market to Mission
the same progressive spirit is not ap
parent., but there are some who have signi
fied a desire to retain such a subscription
list. Among them are: Mrs. Phoebe
Hearst, Claus Spreckels. O. F. yon Rhein,
R. E. Snook, William Enrenpfort, David
Keil and Gus Harshali.
Charged With Burglary.
Gus Peterson, a laborer, 27 years of age, was
arrested early yesterday morning for visiting
an opium resort. An additional charge of
burglary was booked against him. He is ac
cused of breaking into the room of G. H.
Poole, one of hi* associates, and stealing a
gold watch, a silver watch and some clothing.
They Were Acquitted.
Ellis Swain and James Mulvey, the two
young men charged with an attempt to com
mit a criminal assault on Mrs. Belle Nava, the
wife of a barber, had their cases dismissed by
Judge Joachimsen yesterday. The complain
ing wi mess testified positively that the defend
ants did not attempt to assault her.
Fob business men or country merchants
the Buss House is the best place in S. F.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1897.
TO SWELL ITS
FRANCHISE LIST
The Market-Street Railway
Seeks to Extend
Its Lines.
A New Track Wanted, to Run
Along Masonic Avaoue and
West C ay Street.
Other Matters of Public Interest Up
for Consideration Before
the Supervisors.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday, in
addition to action taken in the bond mat
ters, transacted some other business of
general interest. John Q. Brown, who
has been for some time an assistant clerk
to the board, was superseded by P.
Schwartz, who is well known as the sec
retary of the Association of Improvement
Clubs. Mayor Phelan and Supervisor
Rottanzi vouched for Mr. Schwartz.
It was voted to request the Spring Val
ley Water Company to place a large water
main on Channel street between Fourth
and Sixth avenues, and also to instruct
that hydrants be placed in the Richmond
District wherever they are needed.
The request of the Post street Extension
Commission to have the matter rereferred
was granted.
The San Francisco Art Association pe
titioned for the location of hydrants
around the block in wi:ich the Hopkins
Institute of Art is situated.
The Mayor's veto of the plumbing ordi
nance was sustained. Supervisor Britt
gave notice that he would introduce a
resolution practically resubmitting the
same proposition *as was embodied in the
order just disposed of.
Taxpayers appeared in opposition to the
assessment for the laying of bituminous
rock on Octavia street, between Lombard
and Green, on the claim that the work
was not done properly. A protest from
several property-owners against an assess
ment for street work on Pierce street, be
tween Vailejo nnd Green, was also heard.
The sum of $1000 was appropriated to as
sist in making a suitable display of San
Francisco products at the coming exposi
tion in Guatemala.
The Market-street Railway Company
petitioned for a franchise, to run fifty
years, for a single or double track rail
way commencing at the intersection of
Masonic avenue with Oak street, thence
along Masonic avenue to the intersection
with Page street, with the right to con
nect with the existing street lines on Oak
and Page streets; also commencinj at the
intersection of Clayton and Frederick
sireets, thence alonx Clayton street to the
intersection with Carl, together with the
right of connecting by curves on Ciayton
street with the existing street railways on
Frederick street. In support of their ap
plication a communication was received
from the Ashbury Heights and Stanyan
street Improvement Club.
The Manhattan Athletic Association of
San Francisco petitioned for a permit to
hold an amateur boxing tournament at
Woodward's Pavilion on the night of Fri
day, February 12, the proceeds to be de
voted to furnishing the association's gym
nasium.
The resolution authorizing the neces
sary work to place the City and County
Hospital in a sanitary condition was
finally passed.
The Assessor was instructed to set
aside as erroneous several assessments for
personal property, among these being the
assessment for franchise against the
Western Union Teleeraph Company for
the years 1890, 1891, 1892, 1893 and 1895;
also the assessment against the General
Electric Light Company of New York for
1894, the ban Francisco Stock and Bond
Exchange Board and the Phoenix Fire
Insurance Company.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work
Acted On by the Board.
The following is a complete summary of
the street improvements which passed the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion: .
AWARDS OP CONTRACTS, .s'-.j-
Andover avenue, Cortlnnd to Kngenln— Grading,
macadam, 12-inch sewer, to Manuel J. fires.
J'olk, Greenwich to Lombard — Grading, to War
ren & Malley.
Prospect avenue and Lizzie— Grading, 8-inch
sewer, curbs, etc., to Kail h «£. Quimby.
liruniiiiii, Ninth to Potrero avenue— Granite
curbs, bitumen, to City .Street Improvement Com
pany.
Waller and Lacuna, crossing — Bitumen, to Ada
mantine I'aviii'. Con: pit >
Valei.cia, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— side
walks, to Gray Bios.
Cortland and Andover avenues — Storm-water
inlets, etc., to M. F. Sullivan.
RESOLUTION OBDF.KINO STREET WORK.
Broderict: and Eddy— Bitumen.
Thirteenth and Alpine— hewer, baralt, etc.
'i hirteentb and Devisadero— Bitumen, sewer, etc.
Thirteenth, Devisadero to Castro — Bitumen,
sewer.
Thirteenth and Castro— Sewer, etc.
■ Capitol avenue and Broad— Grading, macadam.
Army, Church to Sanchez— Plank sidewalks.
Devisadero, Waller to Thirteenth— Stone side
walks.
cole, Haleht to Waller— men.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION TO ORDER STREET
-WORK. . ■ i
Fourteenth, Guerrero to Folsom— Grading, bitu
men roadway and sidewalks, granite curbs.
i- Irat avenue, Fulton to Point Grading,
macadam, piank sidewalks. ■
First avenue, Point lobos to California— Same. '
Tenth avenue, B to C— Grading, macadam.
Fourth avenue,' Point l.obos to California—Re
gradine, macadam, plank sidewalks.
Twelfth avenue, h to C— Grading, macadam.
Fifth avenue. Point Lobos to California—Orad
ing, macadam, plank sidewalks.
Thirteenth avenue and C— Grading, macadam,
C, Ninth to Thirteenth avenues— Grading, mac
adam.
sixth avenue, Clement to California— Upgrading,
macadam, plank sidewalks-
Kieventh avenue, B 10 C— Grading, macadam.
Clement, First to Fifth avenues — Regradlng,
macadam, plank sidewalks.
Third avenue. Point Lobos to '■ California—Re
grading, macadam. ■:.-. _
Laguna, Hatght to Waller— Bitumen, granite
curbs. : •;..■  - ■: ■
Stockton, near Sacramento— Stone sidewalk.
Brown's alley,' McAllister to Bitumen.
OBJECTIONS TO STREET WORK.
Green, Mason to Taylor— stone sidewalks, to be
heard February 1 at 3 p. m
Thirteenth, Alpine to Buena Vista— Sewer, to
be heard February lat3p. m. .
PRIVILEGE RESCINDED.
Railroad avenue, Eighteenth to Twenty-fourth
avenue south— Permission to John. Kleso to blast.
. : . * - : BIDS REJECTED.
. gutter, Webster and Flllmore— Stone sidewalks.
RELEASE FROM CONTRACTS.
N south and Twelfth avenue south— James
Tobin. water inlets, etc '
-N south and Thirteenth avenue south— Same.
P south and Twelfth avenue south— Same.
I" south and Thirteenth avenue south— me.
V south and Fourteenth avenue south— .Same.
' N south and Fourteenth avenue south— Same. ; .
GRADES. '■'':*.- 7C:
Lombard and Broil eriek — Lowered ten feet.
■' EXTENSIONS OF. TIME GRANTED.
* Fifteenth avenue south and L souih— To Garrett
Burke, thirty, days on contract, to grade and
■ewer. ■.-.■:.■■-■
Lacuna, Clay to Washington— To Pacific Paving
Company sixty days on tract to pave, etc. ■>
Linden avenue, Van Ness to Franklin— Same.
i Golden Gate avenue, Devisadero to Broderick—
To P. a. Fay. thirty days on contract to lay side
walks, etc. ■'; "•• •:• '
DIRECTIONS TO " SUPERINTENDENT OF STB BETS.
Steiner, Union to F ilbert—T o compel Presidio
ana Ferries company to repair. .» .: ;
. H. Eighth to .Ninth Property-owners
to bulkhead lots and lay sidewalks. . . ■ ;/.
"V RNOINEKR'S REPORT.
Q south, Seventeenth to Eighteenth avenues—
Surveys can be made for $76. . •
Fifteenth • avenue south and P south— Surveys
can be made for $20. '
Lower Terrace and Serpentine place—.Examina
tion can be made for $36. '.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTEN
DENT OF STREETS.
Filbert, Broderick to J'aker— Graded. 
Broderick. Union to Filbert— traded. -
Filbert, Stetner to Pierce— Bitumen, curbs, lewer.
Filbert. Polk to Van Ness-Basalt, curbs. oSSa
Filbert, Van Ness to Franklin— Bitumen, curbs.
Mason and Union, northeast, northwest and
south wrat cornen— Stone sidewalks.
Flllmore, Sutler to Bush— one sidewalks.
Post, Bci>tt 10 Devisadero— Stone sidewalks.
Bush. Webster 10 Fill more— Stone sidewalks.
Ninth, Market to Mission— tone sidewalks.
FURTHER PROCEEDINGS RECOMMENDED FOR
'.-..', , ' OMISSION.
Central avenue, Haves to Fell— Bitumen.
PROPOSALS RECOMMEND TO BKBBADVBBIISID.
P south and Twelfth avenue south— Storm-water
Inlets, etc. ..- ■■
P south and Thirteenth avenue south—Storm
water iuiets, etc ••:■■-- . • •
- P south and Fourteenth avenue south—Storm
water inlets, etc.
M south and Fourteenth avenue south—Storm
water inlets, eta • ::
N sou ' li and Twelfth avenue south— Storm water
inlets, etc.
N south' and Thirteenth avenue south—Storm
water inlets, etc : ■ ' -
First avenue ' and Clement— Sewer Intersection.
S Fillmore and California— stone s dewalk: north
west .corner. ...
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION ORDER
. •' '. ■ ■.'-,- ING. ' \ .
Chenery, Fairmount to Castro— Grading, etc. .
Cortland avenue, , Mission to An lover— Plank
"sidewalks.
.Broderick, Green to Union— Grading. ;. V •
Broderick, Filbert to Greenwich— Grading-
EXTENSIONS OP TIME RECOMMENDED.
Mission and St. Marys— Thirty days on inlets, etc.
Mission and Bosworth— Same.
Mission and Trumi.nl! — Same.
Mission and Ney— Same.
Mission and Marshall— Same.
Mission and i!os worth — Same. -
Church and -second— Sixty days on pav
ing,
' bteiner, Green to Union— Sixty days on paving.
SIDEWALKS FINALLY REDUCED.
Cortland avenue, Mission to North avenue—
From Vi to 15 feet.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Green, Hyde to Leavenworth— Property-owners
for permission to pave with basalt.
California asphalt— From ->an. Francisco Asso
ciation of Improvement-Clubs to adopt.
Valencia, Army to Twenty-sixth— c. Crowley for
sewer.
Sanchez. Nineteenth to Twentieth— San Fran
cisco Association of Improvement Clubs for grad
ing. , .
Hauler test— San Francisco Association of : Im
provement Clubs to abolish.
' Lombard— J. P. Kngle for permission to be heard
regarding improvement.
Chenery, Fairmount to Property-owners
for grade.
Clementina, west of Fifth— George Hudson to
repair plank sidewalks.
■ Vlckgburg, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Frank H. Atbott to lay foot stone sidewalk.
Fourteenth, Castro to south Broderick— Prop-'
erty-owners to enter into a contract to repair.
Precita avenue, Alabama to Army— Resident!
for a sewer. . ■*. -.
Bryant, Twenty-sixth to Army—Residents for
construction of a sewer.
Prospect avenue, Coso to Esmeralda— Williams,
Belser ft Co. for permission to blast. .
Channel, Division. Bryant and ArmProperty
owners to exempt district from rattler lest.
Webster, Haight to Waller— H. O'Brien
to pave with bitumen.
Clayton, i ole and Masonic— Market-street Rail
way Company for franchise.
B, sixth to seventh avenue— Mrs. Hannah
Weyga.ni for grading, etc.
Masonic, Oak, Page, etc.— Asnbury Heights and
Stanyan-street Improvement Club to gran: fran
chise to Market-street Railway Company.
Florida, Twenty-sixth and Army—Property
owners for a sewer.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
.Fulton, Lyon and Central avenue—Property
owners against stone sliicwa < s.
■ " Andover avenu», Cortlsnd to Kugenia— Thomas
Clarke Against awarding contract to grade, etc.
Chenery— Property-owners against lowering the
I gia-le.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO FIRE DEPARTMENT
COMMITTEE.
Hayes, Webster to Fill more— Property-owners,
for larger water mains and hydrants.
Fillmore— Property-owners, for hydrants.
, California, Powell to Mason— San Francisco Art
Association, for hydrates.
California and Powell— Same.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET LI6HTB COM
MITTKX.
Twenty-fourth and i.uckey— Property-owners,
for ens lamps.
California and Devisadero— Property-owners, for
electric lights.
State, Castro to Douglass— Property-owners, for
electric lamps. - •-
State, sixteenth to Seventeenth— Same.
Corbett, Mara to case ll— same.
Merritt, Uattie to Dan vers— Same.
Merritt, Clover to Case. ll—
Seventeenth, Clara avenue to Corbett place-
Same.
OBJECTIONS TO STREET WORK.
Green and Pierce— Cesspoo's, sidewalks, etc Re
ferred 10 street Committee.
i^yon, Union to Chestnut— Sewer* etc . Same.
Chestnut, Lyon to L>evisailero— Same.
Devisadero, Chestnut to Beach— Same. '
. APPEAL FROM ASSESSMENT. \ -
Octavta, Greenwich to Lombard— "' Re
ferred to Street Committee. :
- Street Committee Report.
Stanyan, Haight to Walker— Railway fence may
remain.
Laguna and Washington— ln favor of deferring
action for sixty days regarding conditional ac
ceptance.
oolden Gate, Devisadero to Broaerick— favor
of allowing property-owner, to lay stone side
walks- V
Pierce, Lombard to Chestnut— Grading referred
to superintendent of streets.
Van iNt-ss avenue— Protest against expunging
any part thereof from boulevard order favored.
central venue, liaight to Waller— Paving with
basalt favored.
Twenty-fourth avenue, Ato Fulton— favor of
regr*dlrig.
First avenue. Cement to Californ'a— ln favor of
compelling property-owners to sewer and refer
ring to Superintendent of Streets to start work.
Twenty-second, Sanchez to Castro— ln favor of
six-foot stone sidewalk.
Ch»pultepec, Coso to Esmeralda— ln favor of
grading and referring to Superintendent of Streets.
Fulton, Lyon to Central avenue — favor of lay-
Ing stone sidewalks. , •
.M i.ision, Highland to Cortland — In favor of
pa vine.
. Bran nan, .Ninth to Tenth— Against a protest
against awarding contract to pave. .
Lake, Fourth to Fifth avenue— Petition to omit
work placed on file.
Fourth avenue crossing and Lake— Same.
Fifth avenue and Lake— Same.
THE PACIFIC K.ENUEL CLUB.
It Will Meet This Evening to Hear
Special Reports.
A meeting of the Pacific Kennel Club
will be held this evening for the purpose
of hearing and acting upon the report of
the committee which was recently ap
pointed to interview its members on the
future of the club, viz.: whether it' will
disband or continue to exist.
In case the committee reports that a
majority of the members favor dissolu
tion, then in all probability the directors
will decide to disband, in which event the
Olympic Gun Club will give a bench show
this year in the Mechanics' Pavilion.
HEW TODAY.
"city"
Street Improvement Co.
Rooms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Hills Building.
Telephone Slain 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DUTARD IE J. W. MCDONALD, Pres
C. B. STONE |2 W. E. DENNISON. Sec
T. B. BISHOP i g COL. G. H. MENDELL.
J.W. MCDONALD £ Corps of Enßineers, U.S.A.
W.K.DENNISONJS (Retired),
CONBDI/TINU E.NOI.VKKR.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, CaL, All Kinds of Street
and ' Work, Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
PITTWL'Y anus, Wharves, Jetties aud
Dili IBM MM\ Seawalls.
D £ D COMPOSITION AND
■■ « P. GRAVEL ROOFING.
Paraftine Paint Co., 116 Battery Street.
Yale Locks
17 AND 19 BEALE STREET.
DAD BUILDING
*> « »■ PAPER. . .
- -. SOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
ES2Eaa(iLADDING,NcBEAN&Ca
iiPW 1358-1360 MARKET ST.
; ililjiiHllH WORKS.LINCOLN CAL
; IT IS A VAST ARMY.
The Ones Who Are Marching Toward
Death and Do Not Realize It.
The official returns of the city of New
York show that more than one-third of all
deaths are from consumption, pneumonia
or grip. When we stop to calmly think
over this fact it seems really awful. And
yet every case, without exception, started
from small beginnings. A cough in the
morning; tickling in the throat; a thick,
ph legmy discharge: chilliness at night;
difficult breathing; a tightness across the
chest; these and many more symptoms
indicate the presence of that terrible dis
ease which, unless checked, means certain
death with long painful suffering. .
Id view of such serious and ever-present
facts the suggestions and advice of the
most eminent physicians are of the great
est value. •
Dr. John Gardner, one of the most emi
nent physicians in London, says: "Sci
ence, common-sense, Holy Scriptures, and
all experience testify to the benefits de
rived from the use of pure whiskey."
. Dr. D. H. Barker says: "I have used
and examined Duffy's pure malt whiskey,
and find it the best I ever tried."
These truths should serve as a guide for
all who feel the approach of consumption,
no matter by what path it may come. We
do not hesitate to assert that any man or
woman who will use Duffy's pure malt
whiskey according to directions can defy
consumption and prolong life with all its
blessings.
L. A. Bertellng Pres. H. Sordman, Vlee-Pres.
A, W. Kirk, Sec. Jos. Nordman, Treat
427 KEARNY STREET,
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority has not yet been
equaled.
We have no rivals. We value our reputation:
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merits of our work tor success.
RAILROAD TRAVEIJ
«l«l I IH.K> 1-A«'IFIC COJIPAJiT.
(r\ACIFJO HVSTKM.)
Train* leave itn.l nr« <liv- to arrive at
SAN I'KANIHNI'O. -V. .:
leave — From January 1, 1897. — abrivb
*«:o*a Nfles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:45 a
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogdcu and Kast.. ht*!ir
7:00 a .Btmicia, Vacaville, Kumsej. Sacra-
mento. Ororille and Bedding via
»»tjs 6:45p
7:80 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
(Jalistoga and Santa Rosa - 6:13
■i»Oa Niles, .Sun Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Teliama and Red Bluff -«: ISr
•»:3Oa Peters and Milton »7:15f
0:00 a N«w Orleans I'Jxpress, Raymond (for
Yossmite), Fresno. Bakerslield,
Santa Barbara, I*B Angeles, Dem-
ing, El Faso, New Orleans and
East 4:45?
0:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:45p
9:00 a Vallejo.. :.. 6:15p
Nile*, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:15p
•l:OOp Sacramsnto River'Steftraers »»:OOp
- 1:00 1> Niles, San Jose and l.ivermcre 8:45 a
fl:3»p Port Costa and Way Stations 17:43p
4:UUi- Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, HI Verano and
San Rosa. ..'. 9ilsa
liOOp Benicia, • Vacaville, Woodland
Knights Landing, MaryimUe, Oro-
ville and Hacrainen'o 11:15 a
4iSOp Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning ria Martinez 11:43 a
s:oopLos Angeles Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and I<os
Angeles 10:43 a
S:OOp Santa F« Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojava and East 1O:4.1a
6:OOp Knropean Mail, Ogiltrn and F.a«t.... 9:15 a
6:ooi> Iliiyw.irilH, Nilfsaml Han .lose 7:45 a
t7:ooi- Vallojo . t7:43>»
7:OOp Oregon Exprcßfl, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, UciliHiik, rortlauil, Puget
Sound and Kast 11:104
«flO:<Wr "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los »■
Angeles, Hi Paso, New Orleans
and East ■ %\ltt*Sr
SAXIA Cltl'Z DIVISION (Narrow <innee).
H:inA t<.'viitervilli;,Snii.lose,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations.. ...:. ....'..." stBop
•9:13p Newark. Centerrllle, San Jose, New -. i:
*'- i.- '- ' ■ Altnaden, Felton, Boulder Creelc, . "
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations... «11:20 a
4:15r Newark, San Joso and Los Oatos ... 9:50 a
(11:4.5p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7:2op
<OAST IH VISION (Uiird & Toitwwiul Sts.)
U:43a Sau Jose ami Way Stations (New
Alruadeu Wednesdays only) liBop
■ :15a San 'Jose, 'ires linos, Santa Cruz.
Pacitic Grove, Paso Roliles, San
Luis < >bi«ii<>, (!ua<lalupe, Surf and "
; _^ . Principal Way Stations 7:00p
IO:IOa .lose anil Way 5tati0n5......... S:OOr
ll:!tOA Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30»
■2:;ior Mateo, Menlo Park. San Jose,
;«> . Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and l'acilic( irore "IO:4Oa
•»::iop San .lose and Way stations 9:45\
j *4:30p Sao Jeseaml Way Stations. *S:O3a
5: :6O p Sa> , Jose and Priucipal Way Stations *8:43 a
O:;i«»i- San Jose and Way Stations x 8:."15 a
)II:I5i- San Jose and Way Stations t7:45p
" SAN )^-AM>n() AM) HAYWAKU.S UH:AL.
1*6:00*" ( 7:13 a
8:00 a 1 t9:43A
lO.'ooa I Melrose, Seminary Park, Jiij.yJ
■"IloS, ytW»b Brs,S.nLe.ndro '£:{:£
»:OOp and > 4:«.-iP
4:00p 1 8:45p
5:O«p , Harwmrilii 6:1
7»OOp -. 8:431
8:00p ._  — . . „„ X 9:45p
9*OOp » Runs through to Niles. 10t50p
♦tll:15p; t From Niles. { ffl2:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN mKCISCO—Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00a.u. tl:00 *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 , tB:OO »6:00 p.m. .
From OAKLAND— of Bro»dwijr.~ "6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 •1:00 12:00 *3:00 t»:00
•5:00 ~- - - ..
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. - .. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
HTuerdays and Saturdays. 6 Sunday and Thursdays.
Atlantic -:^|i3j§|j%
RAILROAD ' . J^^^^^^g
Trains leave ani arrive atgJMftjwHßfKreMn
Harlcet-titreet Ferrjr. KrfO^^^w^^
SASTA FE EXPRESS.
To Chicago via A. & P.^Ms&SSUTr!
Direct Line **&3§&* i X&fl£
Leaves daily at 6:0 Op. n..earrvtne Pullman Palace
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered TourUt
Sleeping-cars, which run dally through to Chicago
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and Su
Louis. . * . 
Boston Excursions, via Kansas City, Chicago.
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday.
The best railway from California to the Bast.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery,
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Building. Telephone Main
1031. Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
THE SAU FR.WCISCO AID SAX JOAQDIT
VALLEY RAILWAY .-.COMMIT;
FROM JANUARY «1, 1897. passenger trains
will run dally, excepting Sunday:
Bouthbound. Stations. Northbound.
7t9U a. v. ....:.....5t0ckt0n.......... 6:40 p. m.
9:49 a. k............ Merced 8:14 p v.
11:60 a. m ....Fresno.;.. 1:10 p. m.
For Intermediate stations see time-table.
Connecting steamboats of the CL N. A I. Co.
leave Ban Francisco it 6 p. m. dally, excepting
Saturday, and Stockton at 6 ft K. dally, excepting
bund ay. . -.■••<■•' ■'- •'■ ■ 1- -■■'• •--'..•-■';-.-=->■ •-•' > ' ■
HOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Trains; connect with North Faolfla
Coast Railroad.
WEKK DAYB-Leave&F.9:l'sA.ic. 1:41s t. k.
■ -.Returning—Arrive S. t\ 3:25 p. it. • 6:20 P. it
SUNDAYS— LeaveaF.BA.lt. 11:80 a. U. l:3OrM.
Returning— S.F.I :16 p.x.4:20 p.m. 7:35r.u.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or ft .
THOs. COOK A SONS, 621 Market it., & F.
Kill Valley and Mount Tamalpaia Scenic Kail way.
MAUMnnnnicQTnDcn <<cupioENEM
SM -— < ISR 9^ IIIHninUUIJ llbv I WlltiJVitaliZT.thcprescriD.
vM*Z*£)BsBr — * 3 filVJlt.Jt T. v 11 ?"^* ■ VHfallVitallzer.thepreacrlp.
IK^^ fT «* ■<* SSSfof d^SSl^i? K* ll7 *^ 11 . w«» Qnlckly cure/on of all ner-
\J^ 2&I \> * J M s ■ ; I^mnlf^S?,?!n ih« e a* U X e <>*$""< such as Lost Manhood,
1 J&m V i^Kl i?n?^i. Vnfi?^ii t »^M ttclt>Be ? lnftl£niissll ' ns < IS * pr7ous Debility
V Jp> A '^T SSftlStlnn fil ?? S9 f to ryi Exhausting Drains, Varicocele and
■X^y >s^l> SSfnTSf^hkrll 8^ pS h* i 1088 * 8 »>Tday or night Prevents quick.
J ■>^ s - / - , .v;.>JW*r^ nessoldi^harge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFORE «ND AFTER .SiS!^2sS > ,, lpot ' nc cleanses the liver, the
I rrPIOCNK -trengthens^r^tr^^^^oTg^^^" 1^
,%a\^r«Xb7^^^^ e&ect *
AddreM DAVOL JIKULCiMi CO.. Market street, San Francisco, CaJ. For sale by
BROOK* PHARMACY, 119 Powell street.
NEW TO-DAT.
AUCTION
THURSDAY, JASUARY 28,
. - AT 12 M. SHARP, BT
Yon Rhein
cfcf CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
LARGE SIXTH-STREET COMER.
75x125; E. cor. 6th and Shipley sts.: market,
stores ana dwellings; outlay of $1000 can in-
crease rents to 2300 per month; to close an es-
tate.
McAllister Street— A Grand Lot.
40x137:6: N. (sunny) side of McAllister, 137:6
feet W. of Fill more: few better lots for residence
or flats on the peninsula.
WOODWARD'S GARDE* LOTS.
4 Lots— Valencia, bet. 14th and 15th.
4 lots; each 25x100; E. line of Valencia st.,
120 feet \. of 15th; 14th and Valencia Is a promi-
nent transfer point.
Mission Street, bet. 13th and 14th.
40x100; W. line of Mission st.; 237 feet S. of
Ridley.
Ridley-Street Building Lot.
25x95: S. line of Ridley st., 65:8 W. of Jessie,
bet. Valencia cable and Mission-si, electric road.
Jessie, Near 13th, Flats— Rents 872.
20x65; No. 1436-38 Jessie St.. S. of Ridley; 2
new flats: each 5 rooms and bathi at reduced
rents of $36.
20x65; No. 1440-42 Jessie St.; 2 new flats; same
as above; rents $36. -- •■
Julian-Avenue flats— Rents 842.
40x94: Nos. 17 to 23 Julian aye.; E. of Va-
lencia st. : 275 feet S. of 15th st. ; always rented.
HE. Cor. 13th & Stevenson, in 1 or 5 Lota
78:1x135; NE. cor. of 13th and Stevenson sts.,
with Chinese washhouse: rent $20; as a whole or
In 5 lots; 3 fronting Ridley and 2 fronting Steven-
son.
Jessie Street— 6 Building Lots near 13th
25x90: W. line of Jessie. 95 feet 8. of 13th: 2
lots, each 25x70, adjoining above on the south.
30x70; adjoining above on the south.
30x50, with L 40x20; fronting E. end of Qulnn
street.
Stevenson-Street Building Lots.
- 4 lots; each 25x65; E. line of S.evenson st., 120
feet N. of 14th; suitable tor cottages or flats. *
Dolores, Opp. High-School Site.
3 lots; E. line of Dolores, S. of 18th; 1 lot 30x85
and 2 lots each 29x110; commencing 118 feet S.
of 18lhst. ' _|
Flats near the Park— Rent 852.
25x80; No. 43 49 Tremont st., off Waller, near
Clayton; 4 flats; Only 2 years built; Haight-si.
cars. .
Lafayette, near Green— 838. 50.
23x60: No. 7 Lafayette st.; off Green, near Du-
pom; 3-story tenement.
Third Aye., near California — Rent 820.
25x120: No. 213 Third aye. : modern cottage; 5
rooms, bath, basement, garden, etc.
Flats, 21st. near Valencia ßents 839.
25x114; 3357-59 21st st., bet. Valencia and
Guerrero; 2 flats; rent $39: a third flat is par-
tially finished ; $250 will finish It completely.
' Darollo's Laundry, Chenery Street.
100x115 fronting Chenery, and 160x150 front-
ing S. P. R. B. Fairmount lots, 16.21), frame and
brick building; 100 feet front; for laundry, dwell-
ing and stable.
Greenwich, E. of Montgomery— Bent 825
43x75; 103-105 Greenwich st., E. of Montgom-
ery : one 2-s:ory house and 2 cottages: with some
repair would rent for $28; must be sold.
Corner York, 26th and Serpentine Aye.
120 fee' on York st, 69:3 on 26th and 38 on
Serpentine; as a whole or in 4 lots.
- 5 Lots on Precita Aye., opp. Howard.
80x123: S. line of Precita St., opposite Howard,
500 Jeet W. of Folsom: so in rear of above, fac-
ing California aye. : 65x120. .
NEW TO-DAY.
SIYFR.UCISCO £ NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
' - San Francisco to San-Kafael.
WEEK DAYB-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 A;iL:>ia:3\
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 :30 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 A.U.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00, 0:20 P. M.
;:^I" San Rafael to S.in Franc! "
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 A. *.•
12 :45, 3 :40, 6 : 10 p. U. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. v. and 6:35 p. v. • •
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. *.; 1:40,3:401
. 6:00, 6:25 p. X.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park sams
schedule. as above. ..
Leave Tn „-„<.► Arrive .
Ban Francisco. oct 14, B*n8 * n Francisca
WMtJC I SOX- iM.-lfn^lnn. Su3r " I Wiu"
Pats. | days, **«inaUon. PAY a. 1 Pats.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 a k
8:30 fm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:26 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pmj Santa Rosa. 7:35 rm 6:22 pm
■ ■ J Fulton,
7:30 am . Windsor, 10:26 *»•
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
, ■ ' , •■ v Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:55 PM 6:22
■ ■ -... . ... ,-.-. Pieta, . ■ ■ .
Hopland &
7:30 AM 8:00 am Uldah. 7:35 6:22 pm
7:30 am ■ 10:25 am
8:00 am GnernevlUe. 7:36 pm
8:30 pm --,•-;- 6:22 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
' and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pic
7:30 am 1 8:00 am 1 sebMtoDoL | 10:40 am|lo:2^ am
B:3ofm|6:oopm| Bct>MtopoL I 6:10 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs " Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and uikeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bnrt.ett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanheilrin Heights, Hullvilie, Bctonevllle,
Greenwood, Orr"s Hot Springs. Mendoclno . City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, TJsal, Wlllets, Cahto, Co-
velo, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoej
rates. ■ . - *
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
' yond San Raf a*l at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bonding.
H. 0. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Uen. Manager: Gen. Pass. Agent.
80RTHPACMC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Bausalito Ferry), .
n—i Baa Vzanclsco, Commencing sept. 1& 1894
■ .. ■ WEEKDAY*.
rtrion Valley and San Rafael-«7 126, *9:1%
11:00 a. M.: •1:46, 3:45, *5 : 1 5. »5 6 :30 p.*
Extra trips for lan Rafael on Mondays. Wedne»
«ay s and Saturdays Mil -.30 p. M.
BUNDAYa ' •:
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo, »10: Ci
•11:30 a. M. ; •l : ; , 0. 3:00, *4:30, 6:16*. M.
Trains marked " run to Han Quentln.
::,.-. -: : THROUGH TRAINS.;
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7|26 a. a,
Weekdays, 8«0 a. m . Sundays, 1:45 it M. data*
•ays. - -,v st -,■■;■ , -.-.- . -■:■■ ■
>'«r Casadero and way stations— tOi A. at. w*sl»
fay si USr.ii. Saturday*,
REW TO-PAT.
(, I . •
*AT AUCTION
. TUESDAY.
TUESDAY FEBKUARI 3. 189
At 18 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, MARKET ST.
Business and Residence Property.
1 Southeast corner Broadway and Mason street:
Improvements-brick and wooden buildings, com-
prising stor*e and several tenements; this is a good
business outlook; will pay well at present and
better in the future; full ren $107: several cable
roads; street In basalt rock; corner lot, 68:9x53:6.
Post-Street Property.
North line (So. 822) of Post st., 137:6 east of
Hyde— residence of 7 looms: rear residence
of 6 rooms; this must soon be busine-s; Post, Sut-
ter and Geary street cab e.i; large lot, 26:9x120.
Golden Gate Park Residence.
East line (So. 216) of Ashbury st., 100 north of
Fell— Handsome 2-s on- bay-windowed residence;
7 rooms and bath; high basement: cement stone
walk; iron fence; brick foundation: fine home-
one-half block from Golden Kate Park; several
cable reads; lot 25x103 feet.
Mission tment Property.
Northeast line (Xos. 33, S3y a and 35) or Mo^s
St.. bet. Folsom and Howard and sixth and Sev-
enth— Buildings comprise six tenements of 4 and 5
rooms: full rents $(s!>;■ splendid street-car accom-
modations; lot 60x75.
Mnjiiill(!"iit Corner Lot.
Southwest corner of Pacific and Jones sts. .
would pay welt wi h stores below and fiats above;
good location lor business: Pacific st. In basalt
rock and cement stone walk: Jackson aud Hyde-
st. cables; large corner lot. 60x62:4.
Pacific Heights Residence Lots.
West line of Pierce st, 45 south %| Vallejo: two
handsome residence lots; grand marine view:
beautiful surr >uudlDgs: street paved. In fine con-
dition and Mfwrreii; examine these for a horn-:
tsutter, more and- Union car Hues; lot 27:6 x
112:6.
Oak-Street. Business Property.
I c outh line of Oak St., 187:6 west of Devlsadero:
] two handsome business lots: improved with stores
below and flats aoove; this is a bu<lness proposi-
| tion and will rent quickly; must he sold; street In
tine condition; two lots. 25x137:6-
Western Addition Home.
South line (No. 2627) of Sutter st., 60 east of
Lyon; building, two-story, windows and 7
rooms and bath; street In basalt rock; lot 22:6 x
110.
Excelsior Homestead Association.
. Large lot on northwest line of Lisbon St.. 150
southwest from Italy aye.; electric road; Improve- -
ments are the order of the day in this vicinity;
this properly is a speculation for a big advance;
lot 75x)00.
Western Addition Residence Lot.
East line of Pierce St., 91:8 north of Filbert:
near Presidio Reservation and Fulton Iron Works;
sunny side of the street; must be sold; Union-su
cajlo; street In basalt rock; lot 22:11x100.
> For Catalogue Inquire of
JSASTON, KLDKIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st. . Auctioneers.
nSui'JC Vnil *^re Throat, Pimples, Copper**!
Ban Alt IUU colored Spots, Aches, Old SorenjgJ
S«Ulccr3 in Month, Hair-Falling! Wrtto COOKH
MHI.MKDY CO., 3G7 Masonic TenipleJ¥J
M|€hicacu, 111., for proofs of cures. CuptHH
Mtul, $300,000. Worst cases cared In lfiH
§to 8S day. 100-page book free. Ifa
OCEAN TRAVEL
PICIFIC COAST_STEAMSHIP CO.
TEA ME R3 LEAVE BROADWAY A£k
> wharf, San Francisco, as follows: -£«22C
For Mary Island, lorin*. Wrangel. Juneau. Kll-
llanoo and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 9, 24.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
-5^ D £< w 8 ? 8 !"' 1 Tacoma, k Everett, , Anacortes and
NewWhatrom(Bellineham Bay. Wash.), 9a. it
Jan. 4,9, 14, 19,24,29, and every fifth day ther*
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P it.
R., at Tacoma with N. p. R. r., at Seattle wlfh
N. Hy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamer*.
ForKureka, Arca;a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldtßay). str. Pomona 2 p. m., Jan. 4, 8.12, 16,
'20. 24. 28 and every fourth day thereafter
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos.
Port Harford (San J.uis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a m
Jan. 2, 6. 10. 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every lourta
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
peles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Jan. 4. 8, 12. 16. 20, 24, 28, and every fonrti
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazailan La
Par. and Quay mas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba. 10
A. m. 25th of each month. v«««»wm iv
i he Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office-Palace Hotel 4
New Montgomery street. ■
QOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTL I>
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
1? A T?T^(* 18 rirBt " class \ Including
X 1 xVJ\X!j\B6 Second-class berth meals
■ SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Jan.23, Feb. 2, 12, 23
State of California Jan. 28, Feb. 7, 1 7, 27
Through tickets and through bastgago to alt
Kas:ern points. Bates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS * CO., Superintendents
(MPAGSIE GENERAL TRAJSATLUTipi
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIE K(NEW). 42 NORTH J%gm
\J Klver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by vSXQf
this lln»* avoid both transit by English railways?!
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. >ew York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first class $160, secondclaia $116.
LA GASCOONE ...."...";... .Jan. 30, 9a. m.
LABKETAGNE. Feb. 9, 6 a.m.
LA NORMAXDIE Feb. 13, 9a.m.
LA HOURGOGNE .Feb. 20. sa. M.
LA CHAMPAGNE ...Feb. 27, 8:30 a. X.
43" For further particulars apply to
A. FOKiihT, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green.- New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
avenue. San Francis a
RlP lltllfl */M: adst «ALla tor
HONOLULU only,
ifrmuw Tuesday, January 26! -'
■ . >. » l - *•• »*• Special party
a^tr L' A rates.
ftMMfliSplDt-' lUe *• s - MONOWAI
saUs vl * HONOLULU
(OfHF3RO~ Rnd AUCKLAND for
AgiipVlKtfT SYDNEY. Ihursday;
i'fbruary 4. fit 2 v. m» . •
LInetoCOOLGAKDIB, CAPETOWN
South Afrio.v. • .  .
J. li. SPRKCKELS & BROS. CO« Agents.
rreUhtomce, 327 Market JKSS Franc'K
WHITE JSTAR LIXR.
United States and Royal Hail Steamer)
B«TWKBN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAiLI.NU IaVKUt \>iiJi*C.
CABIN, *M) AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jsm*.
\yi Ing to steamer and accommodations fiw
selected: second cabin, $ 12 60 and Rl7 50: Majes.;o
an I Teutonic, Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway end Denmark:
through to ■-an Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans mar be procured /
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 13 Market stream
under annul Hotel. v. W. FLETCUUR.
__L_^ General Agent tor Pacltto Cosisfc
STOCKTON STEAMERS J
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 6 P. M. Daily. £ relght received tin
■ <> ,:.{D **.«.-'/. ...{
83" Accommodations Reserved oy Telephone .
'i he only line se.lin.: through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all ' points on Valley
Railroad. '
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Petem,
Mary Oarratt, - . City of Stockton.
■ Telephone Main 80S. ' : Can, >.ay. smd Impu Ca
FOIi VALLKJCULn U. S. IATT-TIRBL
. , STKAH£R "MONTICKLLO," ■
Dally ex.* Saturday 4 bun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 f. -m.
J;a:urdays.... „... .......10:30 a.m., 4 r. S
Sundays ■...'......... ..8 r 2 ■'
Landing Mlsslon-stree: Dock, Pier 3
'•.- • Telephone Black 261.
, ■ 'Trip gives «. hours stop at Navy-Yard.
FOR Si JOSE, LOS GATOS& SAXTACRDZ
OTKAMER ALVISO LK AVE* Pier 1 \,}i?
Oaay. Wednesday. Tri.lav . « 10 a^l a,^,
WW/buttClmib, 8»a Jos* ** eiMl "ITS RIGHT
FORFEITED
The S. P. Company Cannot
Complain, Say the Com
missioners.
IT IS AN "UNLAWFUL
CORPORATION."
Contend the Organization Has
V.olated Law and Con
stituticn.
TAKING THE BROAD VIEW.
The Answer to the Comp aint of the
Company Filed by Attorney-Gen
era Fitzgerald.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald yesterday
yiiei an answer to the complaint of the
■4 ..hern Facific Compauy against the
-t 7 .Board of Railroad Commissioners, in the
■ a:aon to have the board restrained from
enforcing its 8 per cent reduction in grain
rates ttnd the 25 per cent reduction in
other freight rates proposed.
The answer makes some strong home
thrusts against tne defendants. It de
c'ares the Southern Pacific Company to be
an unlawful organization, having violated
the laws, State and Federal, and the State
constitution in leasing and operating the
several roads mentioned in the biil.
declares that the company has no
right to an injunction, because it
has a recourse at law in defending
Bgainst suits to enforce the rate,
and that the board cannot be
restrained, as it does not attempt to en
force the rate, its function being wholly
legislative. The complainant, it says, is a
corporation of another State, ana is not
authorized to do business in this State,
ei<ept upon such terms and conditions
and in obedience to such laws, rules and
regulations as the State of California
chooses to enact, and is in no position to
complain of the provisions of the consti
tution or laws of the State of California,
or of anything done under them by any
board or officer of the State.
Tue document is a lon«c one, but full of
neat and interesting reading to tne ship
pers of the State. In the first place it is
denied that the Southern Pacific Company
is, or has been, operating lawfu ly any of
the roads described in the bill under any
lease. It is averred that the so-called
leases mentioned in the bill are invalid,
and of no effect whatever.
Having no information sufficient to en
eb c them to answer the point the
defendants deny that the complainant
has ever bad a paid-up capital stock of
$120,934,170, or any paid-up capital stock.
It is denied that the Southern Pacific
holds a lease from the Oregon and Califor
nia Railroad Company, and for lack of
ii formation it is denied that the Oregon
I and California has a paid-up capital of
1 JH.000.000. It is also denied that any of
* the lines mentioned in tne bill are held
under a lease from the Central Pacific.
Tne same denial is made a. so as to the
alleged $67,275,000 of the capital stock of
the Central Pacific
The same denials as to lease from the
California Pacific Railroad and as to the
alleged $12,000,000 capital stock of that
road, also as to the Northern California
Railway Company and its alleged $12,
--896,000 capital stock, also as to leases from
the Northern California Railroad Com
pany and its alleged capital stock of
$1,280,000, also as to leases from the
South Pacific Coast Railway Company
and as to its alleged capital stock
of $6,000,000 also as to leases from the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company and
as to its alleged capital stock of {68,402.
--feOO, also as to the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company of Arizona and a 9 to its al
laged capital stock of $19,995,000, also as
to the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
of New Mcx co and its alleged capital
stock of $6,888,800.
It is denied that none of the corpora
tions mentioned in the bill, other than
the California Pacific Railroad Company
and the Northern Railway Company, have
or more than one year received ani been
entitled to any profit above their actual
expenses, or that any of them have paid
dividends to stockholders. It is averred
that in 1894 the Southern Pacific Com
pany aereed with Sir Rivers Wilson, the
representative of the English stockhold
ers of the Central Pacific Company,
that the Southern Pacific Company
would pay to the stockholders of
the Central Pacific Company a dividend
of 1 per cent per annum until "satisfac
tory legislation" could be obtained for the
adjustment of tne company's debt to the
Government, and that after such legisla
tion to pay 2 per cent for a period of two
years, and that that agreement was kept
and the dividend paid during 1894, 1895
and 1896.
It is averred further that the payment
of this dividend of |672,000 per year was
kept secret and not disclosed to tiie court
/.pun the hearing cf the preliminary in
-1 lion.
"^ A specific denial is made of the aliega-
V s of the complainants as to the in
debtedness, the gross earnings and the
taxes levied and paid. On this basis it is
denied that any reductions in freights
proposed by the Board of Railroad Com
missioners would, if they bad been en
forced for the year 1894, have resulted in
any diminution of the reventfe of theSouth
eru Pacific Company or the Central Pa
cific Railroad or would have amouated to
$1,775,000 or in any sum; but it is
fverred instead that such reduction
would have resulted in an increase of
business and of the profits thereof.
The Railroad Commission further de
nies the correctness of the reports of the
company as to cross earnings and as to
its expenses, and denies thai the proposed
reduction would make any difference in
tho relationsnip of these two, except for
the betterment of the company.
It is denied that the services of its
oincers have been secured as cheaply as
possible and avers that "it is notoriously
true that for many y/ars last past the
Southern Pacific C>myany has expended
large sums of money in the employment
of politicians and others to improperly
influence various, branches of the Federal
and State governments and to obtain for
itseU advantages to which it is not
entitled," ana that a large part of the
sum named as operating expenses is ex
pended for such unlawful purposes.
With regard to construction expenses it
is averred thai a larger part if not all of
the supplies and material for the roads
have been obtained through subsidiary
icompajiies, composed of its own officers
{and certain stockholders, and has paid
Jfherefor much greater sums than the
|ame could otherwise have been obtained
for to the fraudulent advantage of the per
sons composing these subsidiary com
panies.
Answering the allegation that the
rates in many cases are now fixed at
the,actual cost of transportation by rea
son of competition with other carriers by
railroad and water, it is averred the rates
were never fixed so low in any instance,
except where it is the object of the South
SHOULD EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS BE TAXED?
Rev. F. D. Bovard Makes a Scholarly Plea for Exemption for Churches and Benevolent
Centers From Burdens That, He Says, Are a .
"Reproach to California/
President Jordan bas recently set forth some strong reasons why the State should not tar the Stanford University. "There is no
State in the Union that receives outside gifts in so cold a spirit as California" applies not only to Stanford but to every private edu
cational institution in the State. It is a noble spirit In Mrs. Stanford to meet the annual deficit of the university from her private
resources, but she Is not tbe only victim of the policy of this great commonwealth. There are hundreds who give in smaller amounts,
but in the same spirit of se'f-denial, to piece out the inadequate endowments reduced by State taxation.
California by an unfortunate construction of the old constitution in 1868 began and under the new constitution continued an
anomalous course toward her private benevolences by taxinc everything in sipht. This "6old spirit" nas driven many of the princely
fortunes out ot the State and set the current of charity t 'ay from popular benevolence, bringing nearly every private edncntlonal
Institution intheSt'teto the verge of financial despair. Persons well d'srosed toward benevolent enterprises will not give their
asßißtance to institutions whose doors will sooner or later be closed by the Tax Collector. Neither Stanford nor any other institution
whose endowment is taxed can permanently endure-. It Is not a question of money alone, but the apparent scorn and contempt
accompanying taxation of a benevolence that antagonizes and discounts the motives which project and sustain a great institution.
The low huckstering spirit that takes into the account simply the economic man, ignoring the higher and nobler element of human
life, will Gradually ossify nnd fossilize every instinct for refinement and culture, without which the State must fall to the rear in the
final march to victory.
The educational institutions do not stand alone in this matter. "No other Sate in the Union," nor in the civilized world, treats
her churches "in so cold a spirit as California." Auam and again have the churches been driven from their locatlDn by the Tax
Colleotor. They have been compelled to move aw«y from the centers if population and relocate upon obscure streets. There is no
State in the Union with such poor churches. The average tax upon each church is more than $10 per month. Nearly $3,000,000 is
spent annually for tbe moral and religious training of the citizens of this State, and that, too, by less than 10 per cent of the popula
tion. The State will not Rll^w her church corporations to engage in any business for gain, and yet they are taxed precisely the same
as the factory in the same block . How can suoh a law be juat ?
The church does not exist for itself, but for the State. The church member does not need th 3 church any more than his neighbor.
Every reason that can be urged for the exemption of free libraries, educational institutions, must appeal with still greater force to the
State 1n behalf of the churches. Can the Civil Cod9 stand if the m ral code is allowed to crumble down ? Has not moral deteriora
tion already set in? A lawyer of wide practice told me in th" presenceof a Congregational clergyman within ten days that perjury was
the rule in every case. A high official, himself in business in Oakland, Haid he was prepared to speak lor nine-tenths of all the merchants
on Broadway, an ! that thpy would take the ground. squarely that gambling and pool-selling was a good thing for the "town." We do
not know under what code they would arrest a clerk for robbing their tills. While we do not fully accept these statements, yet there is
reason for a careful study of California morals. There is sound tissue, but strong ryidence of disease. Can anything take the place of
that reverence for law, that sense of duty toward the community, that orderly self-reßtraint arising from the acceptance of the csrdlnal
doctrines of Chrisfanity ? By what power is it proposed to control the masses, stung by poverty, weltering under a sense of injustice,
when the consolations, the hopes, and the softening restraints of religion are withdrawn? It is utterly vain to ta'k of "natural percep
tions af right" »«eubßti<utes for reli"ion. Nothing but the glistening bayonet, the measured step nnd the haughty command of mili
tarism can preserve ord*>r when religion is dethroned. With the decline of religion come bribery, jobbing, perjury and moral and in
tellectual death. Patriotism has never stood alone. Washington said in his farewell address:
"Whatever may be conceded to th" influence of refined education, reason and experience both forbid us to expect a nation's moral
ity can prevail in exclusion of the religious principle."
This is not a nutter of sentimentality. California has made no provision for the moral and religious training of her citizens. It
is a mistake to suppose that the church carries on its work for sectarian purposes. Tnere U not 1 per cent of all the vaßt sum raised
for religious work in the State trnt has the sMghtest reference to mere propagandism. The whole motive of the church is fidelity to the
highest interest* of the citizen, and to <his end it may challenge comparison with any non-sectarian institution in the United States. It
stirs the compassion of the rich toward the poor, brings consolation to the sick, relief to the needy, contentment and patience to the
discouraged and in a thousand ways softens the asperities of life, and makes the protlem of government comparatively simple.
Of all the poison-tipped innuendoes hurled at the church that of "sectarianism" is the most unjust. Becau«e the various churches
ftdheretodifferentmethods.no matter what their spirit and Rims, tbe cry of "sectarianism" Is raised. Would it be just to Stanford
University because it has "college spirit." flios its cardinal colors, "yells" after a fashion as different from the Berkeley "yell" as the
rsalm-sineinjr of one denomination differs from the more lively tunes of another, to cast it out as "sectarian" snlt having lost its savor?
Or bfcause it is $ compelled by its charter to teach that there is a personal God and that the soul is immortal, would the State De justified
in declaring it "sectarian" and displace the trustees? What is this malady so 6neeringly called sectarianism and which disqualifies
church people for citizenship in a.country which owes everything it is above paganism to the doctrines promulgated by the churches?
Is it to hold up before the youth of the Ptae a pure and exa 1 ted type of righteousness; to lift up for an example a stainless character;
to insist on the eternal difference between right and wrong; to teaoh self-denial; to subdue the wild, rnde energies of man into the
tender amenities of civilized life? These are the things undertaken by the churches. Now, in all candor, what good thing does the
non-sectarian do that tbe ''sectarian" does not try to do? Whenever non-sectarianism can point to a spot ten miles square in this
State, or on the face of the earth, where property, reputation and life are safe, and where a man can bring up nis family decently and
yet has no church, then and not till then shall we join in the hue and cry against "sectarianism," but until then we must think it sheer
prejudice.
Taking it for granted that the ends of all educational agencies are the same, it is difficult to understand how the State can take
from the endowment of one and add It to another. Put the case another way: Suppose that the appropriation to the State University
exactly equaled the tax collected from the churches and from the endowments of other educational institutions in the State, then one
institution would be clearly subsisting upon the others, and though this is not literally truo the effect on the benevolences under taxa
tion Is precisely the same as if it were.
Let California submit an amendment to the constitution which will relieve all educational institutions from taxation, and spe
cially the houses of worship and the ground upon which they stand from this burden, and she will double her population in ten years
and her reproach will be taKen away. jr. rj. Bovard.
ern Pacific Company to crush ont opposi
tion and destroy the property uf com
peting common carrier 3 .
It i< further averred that large expendi
tures have been made by the unlawful
combination of corporations controlled by
the Southern Pacific Company for the sole
purpose of shutting out competition and
destroying the interests of other common
carriers and perpetuating the control of
the complainant over the commerce of the
Btate. The company recoups itself for
thes« expenditures and for the low rates
fixed at certain localities by this unlawful
combination and by unreasonable and un
just increase of rates in other localities,
"all in order 10 perpetuate its monopoly
of the business of transportation in the
State and stifle competition and drive all
competitors from the market."
It is averred, further, that the com
plaint of the Southern Pacific Company
in making application for an injunction
did not properly present the resolution of
the Railroad Commission providing for
fhe reduction wnich it complains of, but
undertakes to mislead the court with re
gard to a general reduction of freight
rates. "It was and is the intention of
said board," says the answer., "before pro
ceeding to make schedules in pursuance
of said resolution as to commodities other
than grain to investigate and inquire into
the conditions and circumstances sur
rounding, bearing upon and affecting the
traffic and rates of charges of said rail
roads in the State of California."
The .commission denies that it has
threatened to or intends to harass the
railroad comnanies with a multiplicity of
actions, or that it fixed the rate in the
present instance arbitrarily, but that on
the contrary it gave the railroad a full
hearing, the compan being represented
by its attorneys. It is denied that the
rates fixed are unjust or would be con
fiscatory of the property rights of the
company.
The commission denies that they ever
threatened to reduce the passenger fares
of any of the roads mentioned, but they
deny also that any such reduction ot fares
will prevent the roads from paying ex
penses, but on the contrary such reduc
tion would result in an increase of busi
ness and protus.
Denial is made that Commissioners La
Rue and Stanton pledged themselves by
their party platform to make reduction of
rates without regard to the justice of the
act. It is averred that all ot the members
of the board before taking any of the
acton complained of made a thorough
and complete investigation of the
freight and grain rates of all the com
panies mentioned, hearing many wit
nesses and giving the attorneys of
the railroad ail the opportunity
they desired to be heard. It is denied that
the actions of La Rue and Stanton as mem
bers of the board in voting for the reduc
tion were not in good faith and the result
of a bona-fide determination that the re
ductions proposed were just and reason
able.
It is denied that the members of the
board will proceed to enforce the rates of
freight fixed by the grain-rate resolution,
but they aver that obedience to the rates
fixed by the board is to be enforced by
criminal proceedings, to be instituted and
Frosecuted by other officers of fhe State,
tis denied that the rait is a controversy
between citizens of different States, "and
In this behalf aver that the State of Cali
fornia is the real party in interest in the
defense of this sun."
The answer then seta forth that the rail
road company is not entitled to the relief
asked lor, for a number of reasons:
Firit— Because there Is an adequate remedy
at law for auy and ail of the matters set forth
in the bill — that is, by litigating by way of de
fense to any proceedings which may be
brought by any one to enforce either of the
resolutions of the board.
Second — Because the only function of the
Board of Railroad Commissioners iv regard to
fixing rates or any other matter Bet up iv the
but is legislative in character and not subject
to review by any court.
Third— Because, even if the tunctlon of the
board was judicial in character it was exer
cised after due notice and bearing and would
be as conclusive as any other judicinl action.
Because the 25 per cent resolution has
never taken effect or pone into operation, and
because the other, the 8 per cent, or gram rate
resolution, although in effect by reason of the
making and service of a schedule by the board
ia not to be enforced by that body, no power
being given to it to enforce any action taken
by it in relation to fixing railroad rates.
Because, under the constitution «nd laws
observance of the rates of fare and freight
established by tne board are to beenlorced,
and disobedience punished by criminal pro
ceedings which are not subject to be enjoined
or restrained by a court of equity.
Because "the complain inus not a railroad
or transportation company at all, and is not
by its charter or otherwise anther zed or em
powered to operot- the railroads mentioned
in said bill or any of them, or auy railroad or
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1897.
transportation company in the State of Cali
fornia or in the State of Kentucky or else
where, the matter and things for which the
complainant seeks the protection of this hon
orable court, being outside of its corpornte
powers and not permitted by iti charter and
ultra vires."
Because none of the several corporations
which are alleged to have leased their re
spective roads to the Southern Pacific Com
pany had any power to make such leases, and
the Southern Picific Company had no power
or authority to take such leases.
Because the Poutbern Pacific Company is an
unlawful combination, anil In violation of
the laws of the State of California and of tbe
United States and contrary to public policy,
for the reasons that it is in violation of sec
tion 20 of article XII of the constitution of
California, which provides that no railroad
company snail make any contract with any
common carrier "by which combination and
contract the earnings of the one doing
the carrying are to be shared by
the other, not doing tbe carrying";
it is in violation of tho anji-trust act of Con
gress, passed July 2, 1890; it is in violation of
common law in relation to restraints of trade
and in relation to monopolies: it is substan
tially a partnership of the corpora
tions mentioned In the bill, including
the Central Pacific Railroad Company; it in
volves an attempted but unauthorized trans
fer to- the Southern Pacific Company of the
franchises of the other corporations; It in
volves an attempted transfer to the Southern
Pacific Company of the Federal franchises of
the Central Pacific Railroad Company.
Because the Southern Pacific Company is a
corporation 01 another State and is uot au
thorized to do business or exercise any func
tion in the State of California except on such
terms and condit ons and in obedience to such
laws and in compliance with such rules and
regulations as the State of California cnoosea
to enact, and is in no position to complain of
the provisions of tbe constitution or laws of
the State or of anything done under or in
pursuance thereof by any board of officers of
tbe State.
Because the things complain-ed of constitute
a valid and proper exercise of tbe police power
of the State anil have a clear tendency to ac
complish the legitimate ends of sucn power
and are not subject to rtview by the courts.
The answer is signed by W. F. Fitzger
ald, Attorney-General ot the State, and
W. W. Foote and Robert Y. Hayne, of
counsel for the board.
REV, MR. BOLTON
INFORMS DR. LAW
Lucidly Explains His Cer
emonial Direc
tions.
But Calmly Ignores the Personal
Attack ot the Oakland
D.vine.
Justifies Ru e 29, Which Wai More
Particularly Referred To by
His Opponent.
Rev. W. W. Bolton, pastor of the Church
of Bt. Mary tho Virgin in this City, does
not recognize the propriety of personalities
among gentlemen of the cloth, and de
clines, therefore, to stimulate the appetite
of the Rev. V. Marshall Law of Oakland
for such a phase of polemics by any pro
fessional retaliation of his fierce attack
from the pulpit of the Church of the Ad
vent last Sunday.
Dr. Law saw fit to take exception to Mr.
Boiton's method of administering the
holy communion, observing in this con
nection that "not content to compel his
communicants to drink from a common
cup, wheretiy they are brought in contact
with unclean lives and possibly contagion,
he uses his own lips to cleanse the rim of
the chalice." A small pamphlet contain
ing Rev. Mr. Boiton's annual rfd ress to
the members of St. Francis Ward of the
Confraternity of the Blessed Sacrament,
together with certain ceremonial direc
tions, furnished the text of Dr. Law's
philippic, in the course of which he denied
the claim of the author, that these direc
tions are the general use of the Anglican
communion.
Rev. air. Balton, when seen yesterd«?y
and questioned on the subject of Dr.
Law's attack, said he must refuse to take
any notice of the actual language used by
Pr. Law toward a brother tlergyman as
benii; "ao entirely uniuinisterial." Ke
ferring to the pamphlet itself he said:
''The Confraternity of the Blessed Sacra
ment, whove pamphlet on ceremonial
directions has been taken exception to by
Dr. Law, is an organization stretching all
over the world. Its objects are as stated
| in the pamphlet: (1) The honor due to
the person of our Lord Jesus Christ in the
Blessed Sacrament of His Body and
Blood; (2) mutual and special interces
sion at the time of and in union witl) the
Eucharistic Sacrifice; (3) to promote the
observance of the Catholic and primitive
practice of receiving the holy communion
lasting.
"There is a ward of this confraternity in
this City, to which members throuehout
California belong, and of which I am the
superior. That pamphlet contains my
annual address at the least of Corpus
Christi in 1896, and was sent to every
member in the State and to every clerev
man of the Episcopal dioceses of Calf
fornia. The ceremonial directions would
naturally be of first consequence to the
clergy. In the preface are these words,
which certainly do not make for warfare
among ourselves: 'They are placed in
your hands that you may pass them on to
some relative or friend in the sacred min
istry whose high privilege it is to stand
before the Lord at his altar. If this be
done with that Christian charity that
should actuate us in all our dealings with
those of our brethren who cannot see
things spiritual just as we ourselves do
look at them we believe that these direc
tions, far from givin* offense, will be re
ceived with many and grateful thanks. 1
"The Confraternity is not a secret soci
ety, and all its doings are open to the light
of day. These directions have also been
sent to many of the clergy in other States
and have been most, kindly received. The
hope has been expressed by them that in
time a much greater similarity of ceremo
nial than has heretofore prevailed in the
Episcopal church may result from this ini
tiative on the part of the Californian
clergy.
"With respect to Dr. Law's interpreta
tion of the passage which deals with the
cleansing of the chalice by the lips of the
clergyman, I would say t< at be evidently
supposes that after each rail full of com
municants has been disposed of the priest
is directed to cleanse the rim of the chalice
with his own lips, whereas the rale itseif
(rule 29, page 13) expressly states:
29. When he returns for the Chalice he first
places Clborium from whence ho took it, then
genuflecting, takes the Chalice. Returning
after communicating the people, he cleanses
the lip* ol the Chalice with his own lips,
places upon it the Pall, then covers both
Chalice. Paten and Ciborlum with the "fair
linen cioth" or white veil of lace and genu
flects.
'■This means that the chalice mast be
thus cleansed after the last communicant
bar, taken the sacrament. The reason for
observing this rule is to prevent the ab
sorption of any portion of the sacrament
by the linen which is placed over the
mouth of Ihe chalice at the close of the
communion. To permit the linen to ab
sorb any portion of the sacrament wiiich
human beings should alone partake of
would scarcely he conducive to a reveren
tial attitude. The rule specifies the almost
universal practice which has been handed
down from generation to generation. I
may add that tbe future Darts of these
directions will be published as soon as we
have the necessary means at our disposal.
These will deal with low muss witb a
server, high mass, solemn hi.'h mass, the
canon, the triptych and others."
Rev. W. W. Bolton stated that he had
mtiie a special study of ritualistic observ
ance^ for twenty years and considered
himself competent, therefore, to express
an opinion. __^_____
A. N. lowne'i Grandson.
Clinton B. Worden has applied to the Su
perior Court for permission to adopt his step
son, Nelson Towne Shaw, aged fourteen'yearg.
The consent of the minor and his mother, now
Mrs. Worden, nave been given in writing.
CorlDthlHn Tacht Club.
The Corinthian Yacht Club Is very deeply
interested in an election of its officers, which
will be held on Wednesday evening. It 19
thought ibat with tew exceptions the present
board will be re-elected.
ChiEdren Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
MODJESKA PLAYS
AT THE BALDWIN
The Polish Actress Makes
Her Entree in
"Magda."
New Acts in " The Devil's Auc
tioa"—Debutantes at
the A.catraz
A Female Rival to Sindow at th.
Orpbeum — " Maritana" Revived
at the Tivoli.
An audience that almost filled the Bald
win Theater assembled last night towel
come Mine. Modjeska back to the stage.
Suderruann's powerful piece of character
drawing, "Magda," had been chosen
for the opening bill and in the
title rule the star was supported by a
specially selected company, which con
sisted to a considerable extent of local
talent
The he:oine of "Magda" does not ap
pear till the second act, so the whole
bouse was seated and expectant- before
Mme. Modjeska made her entrance. She
was gree c 1 with an ovation on her en
trance, but the Polish actress is too essen
tially an artist at heart to interrupt the
action of a drama by tripping to the foot
lights and bowing her acknowledgments.
San Francisco audiences are fairly fa
miliar with the plot of "Magda," indeed
Mme. Modjeska has played it here her
self, and it is sai.i to be one of her favorite
roles. The play is not so familiar, how
ever, that it can be thoroughly enjoyed
when the lines are not audible, and
Modjeska's voice was very weak
bt*t night, so much so that there
were speeches when the hearers had to
depend on her expressive face and their
own knowledge oi the story <o catch the
drift of what she was saying. At times
the tragedienne threw off this weakness
and spoke so that her worda could be
heard in the remotest part of the theater,
as for instance in the first scene with the
hypocritical councilor and in the heavier
scenes with her lather, but ii was in the
conversational poitions of ihe play where
interest is apt, to fl.ig most that the gifted
ac'res-b wa- most inaudible.
Modjeska's Interpretation of Magda
was fascinating, intensely womanly and
powerful, wuere fierceness was required,
but the bad scarcely the animal spirits, so
to speak, to invest the singer with the
recklessness, the headstrong chafing
against moral and parental restraint and
the love of vagabondage which make
Magua's actions and character consistent.
The Magda Just night was a beautiful,
wouianiy Deinn, with no underlying sug
gestion of the tigress, no disreoutabie part
to harden and corrupt her.
Joseph Haworth played the rols of
Major Bchuuert, Magda's fathei, on the
wbo c, i:i a powerful and satisfactory man
ner. Hss makeup was realistic and he en
tered with force into the strong scenes
with Magda and the councilor, though his
voice wa- somewhat gentle and caressing
in its accents for the stern old martinet of
a soldier; in fact, Jiaworth's^tock of stern
ness was scarcely large enough for the de
mands of the role of the m.tjor.
Miss Frances Jolliffe quite surprised
even her warmest friends in the role of
Marie. It may have been stage fright
that nerved her on to make a supreme
effort, lor the real feeling and the perfect
naturalness with which she played her role
savored very little of the deDutante. It
Miss Jolliffe does as well as tuis again and
does it often sue wiU make a name for
h rself.
Eor an actor who is almost nnknown to
fame Lester Lone gan did splendid work
as the rector. In his scene of renuncia
tion with Ma.dii there were real tears in
his voice and eyes. It is hard to say why
George Osbourne, as the Councilor,
adopted a make-up that caused one to
think of a pork-butcher and a manner
that seemed to be perpetually acting:
"How many cents worth did you say you
would buy?" A man of Osbourne's ability
should i.aye made the Councilor more at
tractive; as it was, bis appearance was an
insult to Magda's taste.
At tha Orpheum.
New at the Orpheum this week are Alcide
Capitaine, Bessie Clayton and a special gro
tesque dance by Arnold Kiralfy himself.
Miss Capitaine is an aerial acrobat, and her
performance captured the audience. She does
daring feats on swinging bars, and the colored
lights that are thrown on this young woman
while in midair enow that the greatest physi
cal culture has but developed the beauty of
her figure.
Kiralty sandwiches himself in between evolu
tionsof the shapely coryphees 01 the ballet.
HU dance is extraordinary in its eccentricity.
Mr. Kiralfy was unfortunate in receiving only
scattering applause.
Morosco'a Grand Opera-Home.
The five-act comedy-drama, "The Orphans
of New York," was put on at the Grand Opera
house last night for this week, before a large
audience. The scenery and situations are
quite melodramatic at times. One of the most
effective scenes is the burning of an orphan
asylum at night, from which the little gins in
their streaming white nignt robes are safely
led out by the nuns.
There is enough love, murder, humor, ex
plosives and thrilling situations to hold the
continued interest of the audience. Edward
J. Heron took the part cf "The Shiner," and
Rosamonde O'Conneli made an ideal nun, as
Sister Gertrude, 'ihe audience bestowed ap
plause in generous quantities.
At the Ale z:tr.
"All the Comforts of Home" was revived last
night at the Alcazar to a crowded house. Miss
Juliet Crosby, a local debutante, made her first
appearance at this house and proved to be a
very pretty and promising young actress. It
was an evening of debuts, for Miss Gertrude
Tidball has appeared but once.
Tivoli Opera-Bouse.
"Maritana" was presented last night by one
of the best casts the Tivoli has ever offered.
It is a relief to hear this company in straight
roles occasionally, and each and every member
of the cast was received with enthusiastic en
cores. Mr. Thomas made a splendid Don
Caesar, acting and singing the part in a man
ner quite equal to that of any of his prede
cessors. W. W. West was quite as much at
horn 1 in the King of Spain as the Irishwoman
ot "Jack and the Beanstalk," and that is say
ing a great deal.
Horse Show at the People's Palace.
Bristol completely fills the stage this week
at the People's Palace with bis beautiful edu
cated horses, poniss and mules. This is the
"equus curriculum" that appeared last week
at the Chutes.
"The Devil's Auction" at the Columbia last
night was diversified by several new acts,
dances, etc., the chief of which was an aerial
act by the grotesques Tonner and Fobel, who
substituted a bamboo pole for the ladder in
their irnt'v'ze act and, oue at each end, per
formed gymnastic feats.
Messrs, Friedlar.dcr, Gottlob & Co. are
negotiating for a concert at the California
Thenter with the famous singer Mile. Antoi
nette Trebelli as the star. She is a daughter
of Trebelli, the once famous contralto, and has
a soprano voice of great sweetness.
Inspectors Promoted.
W. J. Henrichs, Frank P. Flesh and Henry
F. Hubbard yesterday passed examinations
entitling tnem to become cirv Cus oro-house
Inspectors. They were accordingly promoted.
WHERE IS FISHER NOW?
Bis Family Has Not Heard From Him
Since His Financial
Collapse.
The whereabouts of Will E. Fisher, the
real estate agent who disappeared from
this City a weeK ago to-day, leaving his
affairs in a hopelessly wrecked condition,
is still unknown to his family.
A United Press dispatch yesterday from
St ckton to one of the evening papers here
said:
"Will E. Fisher, the San Francisco real
estate agent, is in Stockton now. He is
being concealed by a private detective,
who will allow no one to see him. Fisher
claims that all his business matters will
be straightened out; that nis friends are
now working to this end.
"Fi-her has been sick here."
This information, while not new to the
family, has not been substantiated by any
reliable private .nformation. Several days
ago, it seems, a telephone message came
to the Fisher residence, 1210 Slitter street,
saying, in iffect, that the missing real es
tate dealer was there in hiding.
Fisher, however, has not communicate. l
with or been heard irom by his family
since he was last seen— a week ago io-day.
He had not been at home later than two
days preceding that.
The members of the Fisher household
and the intimates of the family know of
no friends who may be intending to see
that all claims are paid.- They assert that
Fisber'3 affairs are hopelessly involved
and tnev further say that they do not see
where Fisher had any money to hire a de
tective as he wa< not known to have had
any cash with him.
The friend who came 1o his rescue in a
similar financial difficulty on a former
occasion is not atrain idvancmg money.
E. B. Jenninss speaking last night lor
Mr. Fisher said:
"There are about sixty creditors, con
fined almost entirely to this City. An
effort is now being made by Charles S.
Neal, the assignee and representative of
the Fair estate, to have the creditors sign
a petition of claims in order to force a sale.
A committee, consisting of P. Blake, C. S.
Neal and myself, has been appointed to
submit the petition to the different credi
tors for their - gnatu res."
NEW TO-DAY. . "J
Philadelphia
Shoe Co. Ho. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
SHOES r^-y SHOES
FOR Ml FOR
WEAR /gy EASE
GOOD SHOES CHEAP
We don't propose to be Doub'y Block-
aded and remain quiet and say nothing
about it. That's not our style. We. pro-
pose to do business despite that blockade,
and when we have an exceptionally good
shoe to sell cheap we want you to know
about it. Call and examine our blockade
prices, and If you are not satisfied don't
buy. This week a great special rive.
Ladies' Extra me Vici Kid Button Chocs,
with square toes and V-shaped patent-
leather tips, straight vamps and full hand-
sewud welts. No tacks, nu nails, no threads
to hurt the feet, and manufactured by D.
M. Uoueh <fc Co., Rocnes.er, X.Y. Special
price for this week .
$2.00.
Regular price a-i.
Children's Spring Heel Vlcl Kid Button
Shoes, with plain toes and hand-turned
soles, sizes 4to 7y 2 , reduced to
SO Cents,
C hildren's Solid Heel Grain Button Shoes,
with or without tips. . Guaranteed lor wear,
blzes 7to 10. Keduced to . ; .
SO Cents.
Misses' Fine uongola Kid Button Shoes,
made by Laird, Schober <& Mitchell. Plain
toes, spring heels. Sizes 11%. 12, 12%,
1, 1%, 2. An extra tine wearing shoe and
a neat fitter. Keduced from $3 to
ST. OO.
'■ JW Country orders solicited. -
AST Send for New Illustrate! Catalogaa. ;
Address \ .
B. KATCHINSKI.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
10 Third St., San FranoUoo. '
ROSLYN COAL!
THE nOST ECONOMICAL IN THE MARKET.
BY THE SACK .' 450
BY THE T0N.......... »8.00 -
' Try a sack or ton from the old reliable - yard. '
 ,^ .-. . <;i.O. JONK>. Manager. f;
35 Stevenson Street,
Between Third and Fourth.
Special Kates to Hotels and Restaurants.
Black Spots — Eyes
imtmrnmag^g^gggSKKM) bl ack spots before
HBJ"^fe^^ I YOUR EY^ S : You see
7? s W- half the picture on the page,
' : -^' Wl <^l*^^^ while the other half is blur-
:V^- JH^i^^ T5 " '! red. You have had such
Wjr fl' '' ' ' an experience. By and by
'■""'^^i jL. j9Bb w^' P ass awa y> an<^ en
■"■"■ :'' I a headache comes.
S\M'DI D A U C
I will drive away the whole
HBJW3wHBHBbBIWBW trouble in twenty minutes.
AN OCCASIONAL RIPANS TABULE
WILL PREVENT ITS RETURN. : :
i
, NEW TO-DAY. ,
"bazaar*
REDUCED
CAB FARE.
Even the poor can ride
as well as the rich.
BABY CARRIAGES,
All our Carriages have Varnished Bodies,
Steel Wheels and Patent Brake.
All Carriages over $9.00 have Patent Hubs,
RUBBER TIR .-:. STEEL WHEELS.
Parasol Top, Reed Body, lined with figured \
Sateen, steel wheels 53. 75
Ilood l op, full size Rattan body, lined fig-
i urea Sateen, novelty springs, steel
; wheels 85.75
Parasol Top, Reed body, upholstered In Art
■ fabric, steel wheels and springs 96.25
Hood Top, Heed body, upholstered In Fig-
ured lateen, steel wheels and springs. .87-00
Hood op, Reed body, upholstered in Derby
Cloth with Plush r011..., 87.90
Hood Top, Rattan body, upholstered In Tap-
estry with Plush roll. RUBBER TIB.X.
- STEEL WHEELS 89.50
In addition we have a large assort-
ment of Hood and Parasol Top Car-
riages, in newest designs of bodies
and upholsteries, selling up to $30
• each. ,^,y; : ; \'-" ".
We make a specialty of Carriage
Repairing.
lOTICE MTITiSQ_^EALED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
maE MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL OF
I JL the CUy of Sari Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing for- the issuance
| and sale of bonds of the . City of ban Jose." etc,
passed on tne 21st day or December, 1898, and
I approved on the 28d, day 'of "December, 1899,
ordained that there should be Issued by said city
.of ban Jose .six hundred high school- building
bond*, of the denomination of $125 each, and four
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of 8100
l each, both classes of bonds to bear Interest at the
rate of V 3 ■er cent Der annum, payable semi-
annually, and also by said ordinance authorised
and directed the City Clerk of said city to give
notice Inviting proposals for the sale of aald bonds,
now therefore
Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San
I Jose Intends to Issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
and that sealed proposals will be received at the
otHce of said City Clack, at the City Hal. In San
Jose, < ailfornla, until the hour of eight o'clock
p. m.. on the eighth day of February, 1897 (at
which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
and Common Council shall duly convene, said bids
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said high school building and sewer
i bonds, or either thereof. £aid bonds are to bear -
date June 1, 1897, ana th« Interest thereon to be
paid seml-annually on the first day of December
and the first day of June of each year thereafter,
I both principal and interest payable in gold coin or
lawful money of the United States.
baidhuh school building bonds shall be num.
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both
Inclusive, and be divided Into forty series, num-
bered consecutivel/ trom one to forty, both in*
elusive, each series consisting of fifteen bondi;
the first series is to Include those bonds which are
numbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, and
each succeeding series is to Include the fifteen
bonds numoered consecutively after those in-
cluded in me next preceding series- .
Said sewer bunds shall be numbered oonseca-
tively from one to four hundred, both Inclusive, •'
'and b divided Into forty series numbered con-
secutively from one to forty, both inclusive, each
.series consisting of ten bonds; the first series is to
Inc.ude those bonds which are numbered from
one to ten, both Inclusive, and each succeeding
series is to Include the ten bonds numbered con-
secutively after those included in the next pre-
ceding series.
The first series of said high . school building
bou is and said sewer bonds shall be made payable
on i he first day of June, 1898, and one of there- '
n. a;:. lqjj series Is to be made payable ou the first
da or June In each succeeding ca endar year
theiaf.er, until and including the year 1937.
I?* Id bonds are to be made payaole to th- order of
Hi- purchaser or payee by name, and to each of
?:.. i bonds there Is to be attached Interest-bearing
coupons, double in number to. the number of years
wbicu such bond has to run before its maturity.
Proposals must state the price offeied, the descrip-
tion of the bonds desired, and be accompanied by
a certified check on some responsible bank, pay-
able to the order of the Mayor of said City, for at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said checK to
be returned to bidder in case the bid Is not ac-
cepted. The purchase money for said bonds shall
be paid In gold coin of the united states within
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The right
to accept any or all bids and to reject any or all
bids, or portions of bids, is hereby expressly re-
served. January «i. i«g. W. COOK, City Clerk.
Dated January 3d, 1897.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
nHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY* AT*
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo»
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence MM '
Fell street. Telephone M PUe ■ 2681.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MAKKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat Futures declined.
Barley. Outs and Kye dull.
Corn comes in heavily.
Reatis neglected.
Bran and Middlings In light receipt.
No change In Hay.
l'otaoes and Onions higher.
Butter, Eggs and cheese lower.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Game dull.
Choice Ai'plea firm.
Mexican Limes still out.
Oranges dv.l.
Provision* unchanged.
New - orlc Exchange nlgher.
N'acbtha and Gasoline are lower.
O Clear O Partly Cloudy
• Cloudy P,Qin^)Snow
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; tho«e underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect porn s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dottea lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
la usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high"- In the interior
nnd low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
bat when the "low is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
•nil produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agricul
ture. Weather Bureau, San Francisco, Jan.
25. 1897, 5 P. M.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season
and rainfalls during the past twenty-four hours:
Eureka 23.80 inches, lav season 22.30, past 24
hours. oo of an inch; Red Bluff 12 00, last season
11.73, past 24 hours .00: O n Framcisco 11.20. last
season 10.19, past 24 hoars. oo: Fresno 4.73. last
season 3.18, past 24 hours .00; san Luis Oblspo
9.70. last season 10.09, past 24 hours .00: Lrn An
geles 8.40. last season 4. 19, past 24 hours .00: San
Diego 6.53. las: season 2.30. past 24 hours .01:
Yurna 4.62, last season .32. past 24 hours .00.
San Francisco oata— Maximum temperature 57,
minimum 43. mean 50.
An area of high pressure ov»rlies Montana, Wy
oming and the country ease The pressure has
risen slowly during the past twenty-four hours
over the northern half of the Pacific Slope, It bat
fallen over Arizona.
Intensely cold weather continues over the Rocky
Mountain and plateau regions. There has been a
fall m temperature of from 4 to 14 deg. over the
northern half of the Pacific -Slope and also over
Nevada and Utah.
Light shows have fallen over the northern half
of the Pacific Slope.
The following maximum wino velocities are re
ported: Fort Can by. 34 miles per hour, from the
eau; Portland. 32, east.
Conditions are favorable for heavy frosts in the
valleys to-night and Tuesday nig-.hu
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hoars
ending midnight, January -'6, 1897.
Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday: colder;
probably heavy frosts night: light north
erly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy, with rain early
Tuesday morning in th<» southern portion; con
tinued cool weather: probably heavy frosts Tues
day nignt: light northerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday: con inued cold
weather.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday: continued cold weather.
Arizona— Probably rain Tuesday; colder Tuesday
and Tuesday night.
Ban Francl co and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday;
light northerly winds.
Alexander McADIR,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 24 -Speculation at the
Stock Exchange was quiet again today, the sales
aggregating only 129. 953 shares. In this small
total sugar figured for 19.500, Burlington for
15.800 and St l'»ul 12,300. The opening was
quiet, following which an advance of I.4 ft. 1 per
cent took place. This was partly the result of a
reduction in the posted rates of sterling exchange
Of 2 c from $4 85y 2 @4 87y , and partly because
the bears did not continue their raid of Saturday.
Tee loss in St. Pan 1 earnings for the third week of
January, which proved to be much smaller than
expected, was also used with good effect. London
again sold in the local market, parting with 5000
shares of various stocks-
In th • industrial group General Electric was no
tably firm on toe announcement of the deal for
the equipping of the Fourth, Sixth and Eighth
avenue surface lines had been perfected. Tobacco,
however, was down % to 73Vi on the legal com
plications of the company.
The feature of the afternoon trading was the
heaviness or the anthracite coalers. Lackawanna
fell 2V-j to 152: Delaware and Hudson, 2% to
lU63'«: Jersey Central, 2y b to 98, and Heading, 7 /8
to 26 s/ 8 .
The selling was based on the belief that the an
nual reports of the larger companies now about
doe will compare unfavorable- with previous years.
Statements that the New York and Kscanaba,
one of the Delaware and Hudson leased lines, had
Issued *1,0U0,000 of 41/2 per cent gold debenture
bonds last year led 10 ir<-e selling of Delaware-
Hudson shares and played right into the hands of
the bears. The general list yielded 2Vi from the
highest of the morning in sympathy with the coal
ers, bat in the final dealings there was a fractional
rally. The market closed weak in tone. Net
changes show losses 01 Vi.® s /8 per cent In the gen
eral list, v,;:^-
Bonds were' firmer to-day. The transactions
footed up 1,115.000. Georgia Pacific first sixes. 1
to 113; Kansas Pacific consolidated sixes certifi
cates. Li/8 to 7" 3 77 ! Louisville. New Albany
and Chicago first sixes, 1 to 113; Michigan Cen
tral consolidate.! sevens. iy 3 to 1 1 tj Va : Mobile
and Ohio new sixes, Ito 118; Morris and Essex
consolidated guaranteed seven*, 3 to 140, and
New Voric Central extension lours, 1 to 103.
In (Government bonds 811,000 coupon fours of
1925 brought 122 8 and 123 and 6000 do of 1907.
112%.
Grain.
FLOUR — Dull: steady. Winter Wheat, low
trades, $2 30@2 35; fair to fancy, $3 50@4 75;
do patents, $4 95@5 16; Minnesota clear, $3 50
($4: do straights, $4@4 46: do patents, $4 35®
6 16; low extras. $2 30@3 35; City Mills. SJ-i(gts;
do patents, $5 20@5 45: Rye m'xture, $3@3 50;
superfine, $2 6U@3 20; fine, 92 hO@3 13.
-out hern flour, dull, steady ; common to fair ex
tra. $3 20@3 65: good to choice do, 93 75@4 05.
Rye flour, quiet, steady at $2 85@3 IS.
COK.-sMKAJL-Duli, steady. Yellow Western,
»1 BO@2 50. r
KYjv- Dull; easier. Western, 47c f. o. b.
BARLKY— Feeding, 34% c, c. i. * New
York: . quoted, 34c c. I. f.. .New YorK ; 29c c. i. f.,
Buffalo, and 36c f. o. b.
WHEAT — spot market dull, easy; lab.
PB%c; ungraded red, 77c; No. 1 Northern,
fia^c.
Uitlons duli and weak at ya@%c decline, fol
lowing the west and on local realizing with trad
ing chiefly switching and scalping, and specula
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1954.
< I.NIEA I, OFFICE . .
e23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur ly & Atkinson,
Managers. Tel. Main 5144.
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Koom). Tel. Main 1091/ *..•■ *
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank. 8. F.
CHICAGO. , PKIVATE WlKtt. KEW. YORK.
port. May and July only i railed in. No. "re
January. Bb%e; March, ■ 89V4C; May, 858,4 c
July, 8;!%a
CORN— -pots dull; itrady. No. 2, 27V 2 c en
vator, 29% c afloat: steamer mixed, 27 1 /4@27%c
No. 3. 2b<i,4c elevator.
options «ere dull and wea» at i/fee de-lin<
following the West. Mar and July most active
January, 28Vs»c; May, 29% c; July, 30y 8 c; he*
tember, 3'2X%c
OATS— Spot quiet, steady.
Options dull, easier. January and February, 22c
May, 2:s%c; July, 21: %c.
Spot prices: No. 1. 2"c: No 2, white, 5J4c
No. 2 Chicago. 23c; No. 3. 20V 4 c: No. 8 white
22c; mixed Western. '-•J©^4c; white do, 2S@29a
J.AFP-Quiet. steady. Western steam, ?4 26:
City. $3 70; January, (4 25: refined dull; Con
tinent, 94 65; South American, $4 80; compound,
41,4@4y.,c.
PoKK— Dull. New mess. $8 26(ffi9.
HITEK- Choice steady; moderate demand.
Western creamery. 13(au6c: do factory, 7@i4c;
Elgics, i!0c: Imitation creamery, ll@l6c.
t'HtKSK- Strojg. Part skims, s@9c; full
skims. 3@.<Vic '
KOUS— Firmer. Icehouse. 9%@11%c: Western
fresh. Met do case, $2@S.
i TALLOW— DuII. City, 3%c: country, SS/g^-.s^c.
I COTTON OlL— Steady. Crude, "20c; yel
low prime, 23% c.
RlCE— Firm. Domestic, 3%ffl6c; Japan, S%@
I 3S/ 4 c.
•uOLASSES — Steady; moderate demand. New
Orleans, -'2@32c.
COj*i*KK— Barely steady : to 15 points down.
March. $9 35:. May, $9 35@9 40; July, $9 40; Sep
tember, 89 40g9 50: October, $9 60: December,
$9 50, --not Rio steady, qu et: No. 7, 9%c
--BUOAR—Quiet and steady. Off A. 3%54c;
i mold a. 4Y2C: standard A, 414 c: confectioners'
A. 4%c; cul loaf, 4%C; crushed. 4%c; powdered,
I 4'j>:, srauulated, 4140; cubes, 41/fcu
Fruit and Produce.
> PRICOTS— Bags. B@llc.
I F * CHEb— Unpeeled, bags. 7@9c; peeled, bxs,
12%@15c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, 6%c.
RAISINS— Two-crown, loose muscatel. 4%c 9
Ib: S-crown, 6%c: 4-crown. 6Vis : London layers,
$1 40@l 50; clusters, $1 50<Sl 90.
A MONDS— Soft shell, B(SJ9 Vie; do paper shell.
ll@l2c.
WALNUTS— Standard. 7c; soft shell, 9c.
HOPS— Firm; steady. Pacific Coast, 3@l3c.
WOOL— Firm. Pulled, 18@31c; Texts, 7@l2c,
Merchandise.
COPPER-Firm. Lake. $12.
LKAD-Steady. Domestic. »:^(§>3 la
•1 IN— Steady. Htraits, 813 75@13 85; plates,
qui»t, easy.
SPELTKR— DuII. Domestic, $3 9004.
IMG IRON— Quiet. American, $11@1».
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. Jan. 25.— There was scarcely
any trade in wheat at the opening or for an hour
tnereaiter this morning. A St. Louis bouse
I bought a little at the start. The amount taken
I would not have been noticed In an ordinarily
' active market, but with a quio'. 1 It it was not only
I observed but commented 1 1 he heavy snow
■ of Saturday, followed by the 1 xtremely low tem
-1 peratures of ~unday, were viewed as being of In
: calculable benefit to win wheat. The feeling in
the market was a trifle firmer at the openinv on
Liverpool's early advance of i/4.<X. but soon after
' ward a change in sentiment tooi place and prices
I eased off. The amount on ocean passage decreased
320.000 bushels.
Receipts at Chicago were 33 cars, and 147.283
bushels were taken from store. The Northwest
I had 185 cars, against 813 last Monday and 724 a
i year ago. • The world's shipments for last week
i were 4,509.000 bushels. The visible supply de
creased 1,164.000. Closing Continental cables
were bU-her and Liverpool %d lower than Satur
; day. Export clearance^ were light at 155,398
bushels. The English visible supp decreased
I 240,000 bushels. Kay wheat opened- at 80 Vic
: soli between 8014® 0S' 8 ant 79Vi@79s/sf, clos
ing at /9%'«79% c t i/3@S/ g c under Saturday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 44 cars. No. 2
red spot wheat ran re J from 88 l /4 c to COi/ic, clos-
Ing aoout 88V 3 (£895/ B e.
CORN— A fainy steady opening in corn was
noted. There was the usual indifference to trade
! exhibited, however, ana prices soon dropped lower
I in sympathy with those of wheat. Receipn were
1 291 cars and 18*5 bushels were taken from store.
The amount on ocean passage decreased 480, C00
bushels. Liverpool cables wer> quoted as un
i changed. There was an Increase in the visible
! supply of 196,000 bushels. Exports were 174.281
bushels. Miv opened at 24c, sold between 24@
241/gC and 23% c, closing at the inside, i/ 8 c under
Saturday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 430
cars.
OATS— Drifted in the direction taken by wheat
Occasionally active moments were seen, but the
business was mainly local. Receipts were 264 cars
and 232 bushels were taken from store. The
visible supply decreased 468,000 bushels. Exports
were 1275 bushels. May oati closed a shade lower.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 140 cars.
V LAX— Was steady. Cash, No. 1. 74% c; North
western, 76V3C: May, 77Vi|C - July, 783,4 c; Septem
ber, 81c. Receipts were 25 cars.
I PROVISIONS— A stronger hoc market contrib
uted fairness to provisions, hut it was not lasting.
I At the close moderate buying by shorts steadied
I the market. May porK closed 2y s c higher, May
lard and ribs each a shade lower.
BUTTER— The butter market was dun to-day,
the extremely cold weather kept buyer.i away and
! the dealers reported only a steady feeling.
! Creameries— Extras. 19V2C asked: firsts, 17@18c:
seconds,l4@l6c: imitations, fancy, 13@14c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c: firsts. 14&15 C: seconds. 9©loc.
! Ladles— Extras, 10@llc: first* 8y 2 UWV»c; packing
nock. 8c; grease, 2W^3c; roil butter, loc.
EGGS— Were firmer and higher. Receipts were
smaller and the demand good. Fresh stock 15c $
dozen.
M ONE Y— Was 4^®6% on call and 6% on time
loans. New York exchange was 50c bid and 60c
asked. Vi>
Closing Prices.
WHEAT- January, 77% c; May, 7fli/ 2 8 c;
July. 76y a c.
CORN— January, 22VgO: May, 23% c: July, 25c.
OATS— January. I6V4C: May, i7%@17%c;
July, 18% c.
FORK -January. 97 90; May, $8 02V*
. LARD— January. *3 96; May, 84 07y a .
KIBS-January,B4 05; May, $4 10.
■ Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111.. Jan. 26.-The
arrivals of cattle to-day were of very good pro
portions. About 15,000 head came in, as com
pared with 704 last Monday and 12,131 on the
corresponding d>y a year ago. There was a very
good demand and the extremely cold weather
made buyers and sellers a little more ready to
agree than usually. Well- finished stock was
sought for constantly. Supplies of bogs are fa'l
-ing . off Id the last few weeks. The receipts just
now are much larger than in recent years, but the
January receipts so far are less than that of the
last three years. About 40,000 were received to
day, against 50,000 last Monday and 39 226 on
the corresponding day a year ago. Buyers took
hold well and prices advanced 6c pr hundred
pounls. The cold was Intense and "frozen backs"
were numerous. The receipts of sheep were 13.
--000 head, against 11,000 Us; Monday and 9000
on toe corresponding day in 1896 Trade was
active at an alvanceoi 10@15c in prices.
CATTLE— Receipts, 15.000. rancy beeves, $5 25
0,6 50: choice to prime 135u@1700 lb Blears, $4 sO
05 25; good to choice 1260@i600 tb steers. 14 40@
4 75; medium steers. 12U0@1350 lbs, (4 06@4 35;
i fair beef steers. 900@115U lbs, 53 80®4 00; com-
I mon beef steers,' 9 s 1 150 lbs, $.< 50® i 76: good
i to prime stockers ana feeders, f 3 75@4 10; fair to
good stockers and feeders. $2 90(53 70; bulls, choice
to extra. $2 90@3 30: cows and heifers, choice to
prime, S3 50® 00; cows, fair to choice, $v 40C«
3 40: cows, common to fair canners, $1 75@2 85;
calves, gooo. to fancy, $5 50@6 60; calves, common
to good, S3 50@6 40: Texas led steer*. «3 50@i 30:
I milkers and springers, V- head, 825(j540.
( HuGS-Receipts, 40,000. Heavy packing and
1 shipping lots, $3 36®3 62 1 common to choice
mixed, $3 35®3 55; cnoice assorted, $» 47y 2 ©
3 60; light, S3 35&3 60: pigs, $3 25@3 60.
BHKKP— Receipts. 13,000. Inferior to choice,
$2 50@4; lambs, S3 50@5.
Receipts at Omaha.
W)UTH OMAHA. Nebr.. Jan. 25 — HOQB-Re
ceipts, 18,500. Market 6c to 10c higher. Light
and mixed, $3 SO©S 45; heavy. S3 20&3 35.
CATTLE— Receipts. 2500. Market strong to 10c
higher for beeves and cows: feeders steady.
Steers, S3 50(34 15; cows, SI 50©3 60; feeders, $3
©4.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1200. Market firm. Muttons,
$3 25; lambs, 84 50.
Receipts .at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 25.— KOQS— Re
ceipt*. 2000. Strong to 5c higher. Light, 83 36@
3 47%: medium, S3 25@346; pigs S3@3 20.
CATTLE— Receipts, 6UOO. strong: quality com
mon. Native steers, best, $4 20@l 25; fair to good,
$4 15@4 20; cows and heifers, oest, S3 20@i 60;
lair 10 good. SI 85® < 25; bulls $2 I«@3 26; stock
ers and feeders. S3 25@4 Oj; lexai and Western,
S2 66@3 80; calves. $4@9.
I—Receipts,1 — Receipts, 5500. Steady.
>EW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call has been easy at 1 %©'<!%: last loan
r%. and closing at 2*. • Prime mercantile paper,
3©3 y x- Sterling exchange was Inactive, with
actual business in Danker*' bills at 84 84i/i@4 84%
for 00 days and 14 86y 2 86% for demand.
Posted rates, $4 8694 b7V . Commercial bills,
$4 BX@4 Hi. Bar silver, 64i/sC Mexican dollars.
50 3/4 ia sl c. Government oonda strong; State
bonds doll: railroad bonds firm. Silver quiet.
CXOBIKS STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable... 85 North American... 4V»
Atcbison 14 Northern Pacific.. 13V4
Preferred ........ 23% ■ Preferred.....;... 3SIA
Adams Express.. .160 Northwestern 103Va
Alton, Terre Haute 66 Preferred ......... 161
American Express 110 N V Central....... 94
American l'obacco 73 *Ja NY, ChicagoistL 12
Preferred 103 : Ist preferred..... 68
Bay (state Gas 11V4 -d preferred...... 26
Baltimore A Ohio.. 15% X V «fe n h ..176
BrunswlcK Lands. - s/s NY A New En'g.. 45
Buffalo, Roch AP. 16% NY' Busq & W... 8
Canada Pacific..... 64 Preferred 22M.
Canada Southern.. 46J^ 0ntari0....... 10
Canton Land 60% ntario & Western 141 A
Central Pacific 12% Oreconlmprovmnt
Ches & Ohio 17 OPrefe-red.. .. —
Chicago A1t0n..... 165 Orceon Navigation 13
Preferred ....... 174 Oregon Short Lino. 181,4
Chicaco, B AQ.,.. 73% Pacific Mail 24%
Chicago Ki11... 39 jPeona I> & Kvans 2
Preferred 90 j Pit tabu rij «fc W pfd. 16
Chicago Gas.. 77% Pullman Palace.... 1 46 V»
Clev<»<t PlUsDurs.l66 Quicksilver ........ 1
Consolidation CoaL 37 Preferred... 10
Consolidated 0a5..167V> Reading.. . 251,4
CCC&StLopu... 27 " BloGnmde&Westa 13
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1897.
Preferred 78i£i Preferred 40 .
Colo Fuel & Irca.. 84l*j Rock 151 and........ t}7s/g
Preferred . 80 |RomeWat€.tOeden.ll7Vi
Cotton Oil Cert.... 12y a !St L&8 W.;. .;..;.■ 4 >
Commercial Cable. 100 1 Preferred 11
Del Hudson lutfvyst Paul 753/ 8
Del Lack&Westrn. 160 1 Preferred.. 132
Denver &. KG 11 St Paul & Dulnth.. 22
Preferred 42 i Prererred .• 83
Di5ti11er5............ St Paul & Omaha.. 49y 3
General Electric... 343/ g : Preferred 182
Erie 14% St eM<& a.... 112
Preferred 34 Silver Certificates. 65
Fort Wayne lttrt Southern Pacific... 14
Great Northern dMII 7 Southern KB. 1 .4
tureen Bay ■ Preferred 281/4
Harlem 292 Sugar Refinery... .l]<s3/ 8
Hocking Coal. 33/4 Preferred 103V4
Hocking Valley... 9 Term Coal Iron.. 'Z&y%
Homestake 36 I Preferred 7U
H & Texas Central Texas Paci lie 9*/&
Illinois Central.... 94 Tol A A & N Mich.
lowa Central. 7 Tol Ohio <t Central 20
Preferred 25 Preferred 60
Kansas <fc Texas... 13^iToI si Louis <fc X C 9i£
Preferred......... 30 Preferred IB
Kingston i Perm.. 3 Union Pacific 7V4
Lake Erie «fc We3tn 16% U P Den <fcOulf.... a
Preferred ........ 68 Cordage. —
Lake Snore 162 I Preferred...
National Lead 24*4 Guarmte^d ......—
Preferred.. • fe9 L' S Express. ...... 38 i
Long Island 43 S Leather. 9
Louisville & Nash. 60^4 Preferred 61 3 /s
Louisville.N Atony V*iU S Rubber 24
Preferred IV* Preferred 74V4
Manhattan Con... 90%iUiica<fc B River. ..lso
Memphis Charts 16 i\Vnl> 8 L <fc Pacific 6Vi
Mexican Centra... *!*>] Preferred 16
Michigan Central.. 88 Wells- Farea. ...... 98%
illuniSL Western Cn10n.... 88 3
Preferred 'Wisi onsin Central. 2
Minn & -St L com.. 18V-2 Wheeling A. LX. . 2V4
Istpref6rred 18 Preferred 11 3 /4
2dDreferred 46% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 66
Missouri Pacific... 22V 8 lW U Beef : 6V4
Mobile <fc Ohio 21 Ann Arbor • 9 1 /*
Nashville <fc Ch»tt. 671/2 Preferred 25
National Linseed.. 13 Brooklyn Traction. 18%
X J Central...'. 98 Erie 2d pfd. 19
Norfolk <fe Westrn. liy» American Spirits.. IH%
Preferred 16% Preferred 30V*
CJ.OSIKS EON
Ala Class A 4ft .... 104 Northern Pao Ist* . 115
Do Class B 4, 65. 103 Do 2d«.
Alabama, class C. 95 Do 3d a. 80
Atchisou <s 80% DoconsolSs 65%
Do 2ds A 463/ 4 or lmprovmm Ist. 83
Canada South 2<15. 106' Do 6a. 18
ten Pac lstsof'9s. \U R & N 15ta.......111^
Cherokee 4a. 1896.104 ; Doconsol 5s —
Do 1897 104 lOr Short Line .1141/6
TJOIB9B 104 Do consol 5s 68V4
Do 1899 104 Pacific 6s of '97...
dies Ohio 65.... 10 i> V a Phlla& Reading 4s 80%
Cb<SNPTr Rets 5s 42 i Do Ist pfd in com. 46
DCS-6SS. OrandeWestlsts 73%
Den & X Ist 11l St L&lronMtGenss 7H
Do *s 88 St L&tsFGen«s..lO93
Erie 2ds 64 St Paul Consols 132
FtW&DenClty lsts 55 St P C <fc Pa lsts ..116
OH& S A 65......104 So Carolina 4y a 5...10i!%
Do2d7s. 96 Vi Southern X 80a. .. 90
Gen Elec Deb 95 Do Pac Cat 15t5. .107
H <fc Tex Cent 55.. .106% Term new 3s 77%
Do con 6s. 1075 /8 Texas Pac Ibis 88
lowa Central lsts.. 97 lexas Pac 2ds. . . 2iy 8
Kansas Pa consols 77i/ B Union Pac lsts 98.104
KsPalsUDenDivll6y U S 4s reg of 1925.121%
La Cotisol 4s. 96 Do 4s, coupon 122%
Missouri funding... U 8 4s reg of 1907. 111%
MKT2ds. 62 Do4a, coupon 112
Do4s 84 Do2s 96
Mobile* Ohio 45.. 67% Do reg 113%
Mutual Union 65. .110 Do in. coupon 114^>
N J Cent Gen 65...116Vs Va funding deot... 62V8
N YC<feSt.Louis4slOM /8 Do registered
Nor West Gen 6sl 17 Do deterred 65... 6
N Carolina con 4s. 100 Do trust rcpt stpd 5%
Do 6s 123 WabashlstSs 107
NortbwestConsols. 141 West snore 4a. ....iUsVi
iAiaeo 6s no
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL. "» '-
LIVERPOOL, Esq., Jan. 25.— spot market J
Is firm at 7s ld@7s 3d. Cargoes are steadier at 355.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: Jan
uary, 6s7i/ai]: February. 6s7s/ 4 d; March, 6s B^d:
May, Us 83/ 4 d: June, 6s 7i,4d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, End., Jan. Consols, 112«/ 8 : sil
ver, 293- 4 d: French Rentes, 102 65c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days ■— ' S4 8614
Sterling Exchange, sight — 488*4
Sterling Cables.... — 4883 /4
New York Exchange, sight. — 17Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine silver, per ounce — M 7/*
Mexican Dollars 62 62y s
PEODUCE MAfiKET.
WHEAT ASH OIUKtt GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Pierre Corneille takes for Cork
10,670 ct:s. valued $63,000.
Futures were lower again, but spot values were
unchanged, though shippers declined to pay ask
ing prices. Quoted at $1 35@1 50 -$ ctl for com
mon grades, $1 52Va@l 53^i for average No. 1,
$1 55 tor choice and $1 57<Vfe(gti 60 f* ctl lor extra
choice milling.
CALL BOARD HALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— l2,ooo
ctls.sl 503/8: 80u0,$l SiHi.
biccoNo session— May — 14,000 ctls, 81 49%;
12,000. $1 493/4: 42,000, 91 50.
Kkoulab Morning session— May— l2,ooo ctls.
SI 60; 6000, $1 5oy 8 : 4000, $1 60s/.. December
— 2000. $1 *4Vi: 2000. Si 21%.
. Afternoon- session— May 2000 ctis, $1 50%;
4000, SI 50 1/2 : 2000, SI 50%; 6000. $1 60%-
BARLEY— Previous prices rule. We quote
Feed. 77i/,@82y a c; choice oright, 83% c; Brew
ing, 90@97i/vc; .NO. 1 Chevalier. $1 10@l 20 * ctl.
CAM. BOARD SALES. fofltyßSt
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— No sales.
Kesi'lab MoKNiNn session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— .no sales.
— Continue uur. Fancy Feed, $1-46; Com
mon to good White, $1 10®l 35 VS ctl, according
to quality. Black for feed, 95c@$l 10; tor »eed,
$1 20@l 30; Gray, norm Da ; Red, $1 07Va@l 12%:
Surprise, $1 sl'@l 60 V ctl.
COR- 1 * — Continues 10 arrive heavily and the
market, is weak in 'consequence. Large Yel
low, 76@77y c ~$ ctl; Small Kound do, 90(&92Vsc;
White, 75@&uc {* ctl.
RYE— 9Oi*l9sc "$ ctL
BUCKWHEA'I — Quoted at 81 15@1 25 "# ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Trade is dull. The last China steamer
took out only 3506 bbls Net cash prices are as
follows: Family extras. So@s 10: Bakers' extras,
$4 90(35: Super S4 lo($4 50 '$, obi.
CORNMEAL. ETC Feed Corn, $17 50@18-
Cracked Corn, $18 50019 V ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 85
%1 100 lbs: Bye Flour, $2 75 100 lbs: Rice Flour,
So 75: Cornmeal. $2 35: extra cream do, $3:
oatmeal, $3 50: Oat Groats, $4: Hominy, $3 10
@3 30: Buckwheat Flour, $3 20@3 60; Cracked
Wheat. S3 50; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Flour,
3: Roiled Oats (bbls), $6 50@5 90; Pearl Barley,
$3 7504; Split Peas, $3 60; ureen do, $4 25 '&
100 lbs.
HAY AND FKEDSTUFFS.
Arrivals of Bran and Middlings are light— none
coming in yesterday. Receipts of Hay are also
moderate, but sufficient for this time of the year.
BRAN— SI 2 50@13 for the best and $12 $ ton
for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— $18319 for lower grades and
$20@20 50 %4 ton for the best.
FKEDBTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $18@18 bO;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 50 V ton; lobbing,
$27 60; dipped Oats, $1 4u(*l 50 "$ ctl.
HA V — Wheat, $«@11; Wheat and Oat, $7<a
10: Oat, $6@9; Barley, 87@8 50; River Barley,
$S@6 60: Alfalfa, $6@7 5o; compressed, $6S
9 60; stock, $5@6: Cl ..ver, $6®B * ton.
B'I'KAW- 30a50c ■& bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There is hardly any business in any description.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 40@l 55 # ctl; Small
Wh!tes.sl 15<c01 ctl; Large Whites, Sl@l 15 "&
ctl; Pinks, SI 05@l 20: Reds, SI 10@l 20: Black
eye, SI 10@l 15: Red Kidney, $2 50: Limns. SI 60
@1 70: Butters, $1 25@1 50; Pea, 91 16@1 30.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, .$2 50@2 75: Yellow
Mustard, SI 75(32 V ctl; Flax, $1 3 s@l 40- Canary
Seed, IS/i^y^c V lb: Alfalta, 614 c; Rape, 2y a
2»ic: Hemp, He; Timothy, 4Vi»c
ORIKI* PKAS— NUes, Sl@l 20* ctl; Green,
81 40@l 50 $ otl. ■ ■ ■
poTAxots, ixrxoxre, vegetables.
Potatoes are higher. Onions continue to advance.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2 Va@3 c * B>; Sweet
Potatoes, $1 20@l 60: Early Rose. 70@85c: River
Keds.6o®7Uc; urban k Seed lines. 50@76c 9 ctl for
Rivers and 76c@$l 06 for Salinas; Oregon Bur
banks. 9uc@sl l'J.
ONIONS— SI 25@1 76 ? ctl.
VEGKTABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers, bOc@sl
ft doz; Hothouse Asparagus. 10@25c 9 Ib: Rhu
barb, i* box; Los Angeles bummer Squash,
75c@$l $! box; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 40®
50c: a ushroonis. 10@'20c Hi 1b; Marrowfat .Squash.
$5@6 13 ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes, * I@l 25 9
box; Dried Peppers, 7@Bc f* lb; Green Peas, '2@4c
■$ lb; Los Angelts String Beans. 6®loc: Dried
Okra,K@9c %* tt>; Cabbage, 40@50c * ctl; Carrots,
25©300 * sack; Garlic, ly @2c "& ft. .
BUTTER, CHfcKSK AND EGOS.
BUTTER— The market continues depressed.
Cbkamery— Fancy near-by Creameries. - 20®
21c; some specials bring more; seconds, 18@19c;
fancy Hnmboldt, 22@23c ft. ■
Dairy— Fancy, 16@16c: good to choice, lo@
14c: lower grades, 10@12c %* Ib.
Pickled— l3(^l4c.V- lb.
FlKKlN— ia(sl"l4C •$ ft.
Crkaukby Tub— lti^(lßc f, Ib. ,
Cii ;-:KsiK— Is still weaker. Choice mild new,: 10
@10y-tc: common to good old, Bia9c 1* Ib; Cream
Cheddar, ll@12c; Young America, lie; Western,
I1(a.l2c: Kastern, 13@14y 3 a
EGOS— Another decline is note. Ranch Eggs,
19@21c; store Eggs, 17@18c; Eastern, 15c %i doz.
POULTRY AND G,\MK.
POULTRY —A. car of Eastern is In and saies
were made at $5 50 for Hens. $4 25@4 50 for
Boosters, «0 (or Ducks and $4 60@6 lor Fryers.
Home stock Is dull.
Live Turkeys, 12@13c ?* Ib for Gobblers. 12®
13c «* Ib for Hens: Dressed Turkey*, 14@15c * ft:
Geese. V pair, $1 M/@l 76: Ducks. $4 6i)(je 60;
Hens. $3 '. 0(g.4 50; Roosters, younii. $4 50 a5 50:
do, old, $8 60@4: Fryers, !J4@4 50: Broilers, 34
(Si* 26 for large and $2 60@3 60 for small; Pigeons,
$1 7E@is ft doz for young and $1 for old. :
GAME- Is dull. English Snipe quotable at 93 9
doz: Jack Snipe, $1 50 ' *t dozen: Hare, 75c@*l;
Habbits, $1 60 for Cottontails and $I@l 25 for
srußli: (iray Geese, $2 60; White Geese, 7&o; Brant,
$1 SU; Honkers. $4.
DEtIDUOLS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Choice Apples are firm at the advance.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 90c@$l 3* box for choice, $1 26@1 60 for
fancy Red, 50@75c for common; Eastern, $1 60
@2 50 fl bbl.
Pears. 2^ffißoc $ box. '
Perslo-mons, 35@65c V box.
BEKHIKS—
Eastern Cranberries. 1 6@7 60 V bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— Fresh Mandarin Oranges are
on the market. Mexican Limes are still out. Man
darin Oranses. 85c@$l ft box; Navel Oranges,
*2@2 50; Seedlings, $I@l 25 * box: Lemons.
75c@$i 50 for common and $2@2 60 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes : California Limes,
50; Bananas, $I®2 » bunch: Pineapples, $2@l
i* doz. . f .■■;.';■ ■
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— , . . V-
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follows: ' . •
i arload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@9c
for jLciyiiH and HV 2 @l2c for choice to fancy
Moorparks: Prunes, 3'- c or the 4 sizes. Peaches
4(aisy o for prime to choice, 6%@7c for fancy and
9<g>2Oc for peeled in boxes; Apples, 5@6V»3 for
evaporated and 'J@ai/ 2 c for sun-dried; Pears, 'iy 3
tasc tor prime to choice, 4@sV?c for quarters ana
b@6yoc for halves; Plums, 4o for pitted aim li/ac
for uu pitted; .Nectarines, 3y3@4V a c for choice
&y 2 c for fancy; Wnlte Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 1/4
@2y2<-,
Jobbino Pktcks— Peaches, 4%@5V4c * Ib:
fancy, (LUj@7y 3 c %4 1b; peeled. 12y a # !b. • Apri
cots, 6%(3>9e v lb: fancy, 10c; Moorparks, i2@
13c; evaporated Apples, 5%c; sun-dried, 28,i@3c;
Prunes, 33,4@4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, 3c for
impressed ami 3@3u,c for pressed; white Figs, 4c;
Plums, 4V2®sc for pitted and iy»c for unpitted;
Nectarines, 4&6 eft lb for prime 10 fancy; Pears,
2y 2 @sc for whole, 4^@sy 3 c for quarters and
41/^(0161/20 for halves.
KAISINS—
Carload Pricks — Four - crown, loose, s*/gC;
three-crown, /8 c $ lb; two-crown, 3S/ 8 c V Hi;
seedless sultanas, 5y 2 c; seedless Muscatels, 4S/ 8 c;
three-crown London layers, $1 16: clusters, $1 60;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $3;
dried Grapes, 3c a Ib.
Jobbing Prices— San Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, 554 c; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown, 3%c; seed
less Sultanas, 63/, c; needless Muscatels, 4%c:
3-crown London layers, $1 25: clusters, $1 60;
Dt-liHsa clusters, 82 75: imperial clusters, $3 26.
H UTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8@10c: walnuts,
6Va®7c 9 Hi for standard and 9(<ji9Vfec "$ lb for
sottsheli; Almonds, 6@6V£c for Lauguedoc, 3@
3Vjc for hardshell and »99c * lb for paper- shell;
Peanuts. 4<g6c V tb lor eastern ana 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, s@sc %i lb; Pecan*, 7Va®
«c %» ft; Filberts, 7iA@Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7V a @Bc;
Cocoauuts, S4@s ?» 100.'
HONEY— Comb, 10(a»12y a for bright and 6rg)9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6®6VgC;
light amber extracted 4y2@4%c; dark amber,
4®4yac: dark, JS(aßc %4 Jb.
BKiiSWAX— fi lb. .
PKOVISIOXS.
CURED MEATS-Bacon, 6c $ Ib for heavy, 7c
*Ib for light medium, 9y a c for light, 10c Vlb for
extra light and lli/>c Ib for sugar-curad. East
ern sugar-cured fitting, 12@l^y a c: California
Hams, 10@10V»c; Mess Beef, $.@7 60: extra
mess do. $B<g,s 60: family do, $9 50@10; extra
prime Pork, $7 60 @ 8; extra clear, $16 fi bbl;
mess. $14 bbl: smoked Beet 10c '<& &>■
LARD— Eastern, tierces, Is quoted at &y 2 c for
compound and 6@6Vfcc for pure: palls, 7c: Calil
fornU tierces, 6@sy a c &Ib for compound and ey^e
for pure: haif-bols, 6%c; 10-lb tins, 7 Vic: do, 6-lb.
7y,c * jb.
CoTTuLENE-6@6i/ 4 c In tierces and 7%@8y 8 s
in 10- tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brand* sell lc "$
Ib under sound stock. Heavy salted . steers. 8c:
medium. 7c $ tb; lirrht, 6c $i tt>; Cowhides, 6c:
sailed Kip. 6c "<e> It): salted Calf, 7@f)C: salted
Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. 12@13n %*ib: culls and
brands, 9<3(10c: dr.- Kip and \>al,9®ioc: dry Calf,
15c: culls. We; Goatskins, w!C&35c each: Kids,
sc; Deerskins, good summer, 'J&c t* *: medium,
20e: winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@20c
each; short wool, '_'s«£Bsc each; medium. 30®15c
each; ions wools. 40@6uc each.
IaUOW- No. 1, rendered, 3@3V4C; No. 2, 2y a c;
retlned, sc; Grease, 2c ~<& Ib.
WOOL— We quote Kail \V ool: Free northern, 7@
8V 3 c; middle counties, free, sy a @7c; do. defective,
4y»(3tic: San Joaquin, o@sc; uo, foothill, 5&7 c:
Eastern Oregon, 7i/a@J)c; do, fall and lambs', 10©
lie 1b
HOPS— 63Bc for fair to choice and 9®loc * Ib
for fancy.
G£N£BAL MKRCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Baza, spot, 4%e; June-
July delivery, 4%c: San QuenUn, $4 65; Wool
Bags, 24Vi@26V s c. ■ . •
COAL— Wellington, $S «» ton; New Wellington,
*8 V too; Souihtield Wellington, $7 50 '$ ton;
Seattle, $5 BO: Bryant. $5 50; Coos Bay, 94 75;
Wallseud,s6 60; bcotch. — — : Brymbo, ; Cum
berland. $13 60 in bulk and $15 lv sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite E««, *ll(ai2 '^ ton: Welsh
Anthracite. $8@10; Can net, 48 * ton; Hock
Bpriugs, Castle Gate and .Pleasant Valley, $7 60;
Coke, $n'*l -' In bulk and 813 %t ton In ska.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC.— Naphtha and
Oasoil:.e are lower. The standard Oil Company's
new price list, is as follows: Water-white Coal OH,
In bulk, lie: Pearl Oil, in cases, 17c; Astral do,
17c: Star, do, 17c; 1- xlra Star Oil, incases, 21c:
Elaine, do. 2'2c: Eocene, do. 19c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk, liy;>c; do, in cases, 17c. 63
Deudorized Naphtha, in bulk. IOV2C: 63° do. In
cases, 15 Vie: *<•»" Gasoline, la bulk, 'JOe; 86° do. in
cases. 25c %» gaL
.nhjaK— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube. and Crushed, 5V'2 C :
Powdered, 6c; Fine Crushed, 6V4c; Dry Granu
lated, 43/gc: Confectioners' A, 4*/ic; Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 3%c: Golden C, B%c; half barrels
14c more than barrels, and boxes y y e more.
SAW FRANCISCO MEAT MAKKKT.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEKF— First quality, 6%c; choice, 7c; second,
s@6c; third do, 4@sc t l . Ib.
VKAL— Large, tif^)7c; small, 7@Bo ?» Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6V»@7c; Ewes, 6@6%C
V tb. ■
LAMB— 12%©15 c; yearlings, 7@Bc *
lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 31,4@35/gC «i Ib for large and
medium and 3i/i@33/ g c tor small; 1 dressed do, 4%
&51/4 C%l tt>.
RECEIPT^ OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qrslcs... 12,839 I Hay, tons «, 293
Washington... 4,896' Butter, ctis...^. 97
Wneau i-i* . 1,*20| Cheese, ctu...... 15
Jiarley. rtls... . 6,239| Knts, dos „ 4,170
Oats, Wash, cUs. 2, 260 , H ldes, no 72
Bfans. iv 8,813 Pelts, bd15.....^ bO
Corn.ctls 1,826 Wine, (rats 27,600
Kastern 1,600 Sugar. bbls..._. 2,28 d
Potatoes, sks.... 3.452 Leather, r0115.... 25
Onions, sks - 820 Tallow, ctls. — 106
Bran. Rks 1 Quicksilver, IliKi 100
Middlings, am... 1
THE STOCK MAKKET.
Mining stocks sold rather higher again on the
morning call, but subsequently weakened and
were lower in the afternoon, closing weak.
The Savage assessment falls delinquent in office
to-day.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company haa
declared a quarterly dividend of 5 cents per share,
payable February 15.
The annual meeting of the Pacific Rolling Mill
Company has been called for February 3.
The report of the Con. Cal. A Va. for the weak is
as follows:
| 1000 level— The south drift started fiom the
wes'. crosscut at v point 124 feet In from the top of
the upraise from west crosscut 2 from the ncrth
drift from the Con. Va. shaft station has been ex
tended 20 feet, passing through porphyry, clay and
quartz of low assay vilue; total length 35 feet.
1650 k-vel— We ure repairing aud easing timber*
on the ninth floor south drift, on the ninth floor
in the siope at v point 100 feet eas: and 25 feet
south of an east Hue from the Con. Va. shaft an
upraise has been started and carried up 18 feet,
passing through quartz and porphyry from which
a few tons of milling ore have ueen savtd. This
upraise will be earned up inclining to rlie west to
connect with the south drift, whern the streak of
good ore was recently found on the twenty-sixth
floor.
1760 level— From the twenty-sixth floor, at a
point 72 fei't In from tne mouth of the west drift,
a north drift hus been advanced 18 feet From
the end of this drift a w>st crosscut has been ex
tende t 42 ftet, passing through porphyry and
quartz of low assay value. From the tenth,
eleventh and sixteenth floors on the east side
above the sill floor of this level— at the north end
of the stopes in old ground oi former workings,
and from the sixteenth iloor on the west side of
the slop-, we have extracted 19 tons of ore. The
average assay valne. per sample taken from tbe
can in mine, was 925 10 a ton. From the west
drift at a point 191) feet in from its inoiitn. the
north arift has been advanced 19 feet, passing
through porphyry, clay and quartz assaying 92
and $3 a ton; total length, 39 feet. Opposite the
north drift the south drift hus been
advanced 10 feet; total length, 80 ie-t.
This drift wheu advanced 25 te-t showed a
streak of ore 15 inches wide on the west
side of the drift and 18 inches wide on the east side
of the drift. Humpies taken across the face of the
drift from the streak assayed *72 05, $74 50 and
$381 40 per ton. Along the earn side of the drift
5 feel north from the face there is a widtn of 18
Inches of ore assaying over $200 a ton. We have
extracted from this streak about 3 tons of ore as
saying $217 ;i ton. which still remains In the drift.
Work here ras be»n suspended, as we cannot re
move the ore un ul an upraise connection hus been
made with our 1650 level, which I estimate will
take four weeks. We continue filling the open
space in tbe stopes between tbe eighteenth and
twenty-sixth floors with fine rock. This work will
be completed during tbe coming week, and all the
places from which tbe bad air has been escaping
will tuen be clost-d. Ibe total extraction of ore for
the week amounted to 19 tons. Tbe average assay,
from samples taken from cars when raised to the
surtace, was $43 48 a ton."
In the Optiir mine, on the 1000 level, west croes
cut 2 is in 334 feet tb? face is in soft porphyry and
seams of cli y. > c the old Central tunnel wnr^iius
of the Ophir, from the west crO3« ut from the
Mcx can shaft. at a point 132 feet in from its mouth
from the south drift 60 feet in from Its mouth
from th» upraise carried up 15 feet, they are re-
Opening an old west crosscut, and huve extracted
therefrom eight tons of ore assaying 524 42 per
ton.
In the Hale & Norcrosa mine, In upraise 1, 900
level, they have stopped the south drift from the
south end of the sixth floor, and started to upraise
3J feet south of upraise 1 in quartz and clay about
16 inches thick. The on; extracted is of low value,
U saved and put with old tilling* separate, in
upraise 2 have worked north aud west from the
ninth floor, only seams of ore are now In tne
face. Extract d from the upraise four carloads or
paY ore, ass»y»nK iv gold $25 aud 34 ounces sl lv « r
per ton; have made the necessary repairs in tne
mainshaft. , fc-
No work was done In the Cnollar mine on tne
Comstock during the past week.
In the Potosi they have resumed work on the
tunnel level at the point of connection with tne
rnise from the intermediate level above the 400
--foot level. This in 4.. feel from th-> Cbollar-t otosi
line. A souih drift has been started aud has oeen
advanced 18 reet lor the week. The face is In
porptiyrv an i quanz, the latter assaying irom
#2bO to 514 per tou. _ .
Brunswick lode-ConsolldftMd California and
Virginia. Best & Belcher and Gould <fc < urrv—
Shaft was sunk 17 feet; total depth 6Hi
feet: bottom in porphyry. 300 level-The joint
south drift started from the station has been dis
continued for the present. From the end or tne
joint south drift they have run a west crosscut ior
a distance of ltt feet, passing through hard por
phyry. Are now running an east crosscut, also
from the end of the south drift. The crosscut is in
lufeet; faie In poipnyry aud stringers of quan/..
Chooi AR-At shaft 1 they are still cutting out
for me station as the 500 level and expect to start
the lateral drift south by the first of the coming
week. 200 and 300 levels-Are still opening on
the ore streak, the various points looking Hbout as
last reported. Work was sopped for three nays
owing to the difficulty of hauling the ore. due to
bad roads. 400 level— The raise from No. 1 east
crosscut has been advanced 5 feet the past ne '' X'K '
having been delayed for the same reason app l"d
to woric on the 2UO and 300 levels, i his raise is
going up two sets long and it is all saved for pay.
The vein Is between 5 and 6 feat wide and box
samples go from *18 to $30 per ton, par value,
two-thirds of which Is silver. No. A east
crosscut on this level is out 100 feet, having
been advanced 28 feet for the week: the face m
in porphyry and streaks 01 quartz. West crosscut 6
has been advanced 32 feet: total length 14.2 feet;
the face is in low grade quartz and porphyry.
Have shipped to the Nevada mill during the weelc
70 tons aud 1100 pounds of ore, the average car
samples of which went $34 99 gold and 11. IV
ounces fine sliver per tou. The average wagon
sample of the same ore was, gold j25 74 and 13 41
ounces fine silver per ton Have cleaned up a run
of 189 tons and 1100 pounds of ore. the average
battery sample for the week going $31 88 gola and
19.75 ounces fine silver per ton. Have shipped
the cleanup to the United States mint at Carson
two bars, valued at $B*2l 63, par value.
JlOAi.l' >Aiiii3.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday :
RK'itl.Aß MOBNINO BKSBIOJf, COMMKXCINe 8:510.
S00 Andes.... .2U 40 J CUalUe...s4 500 0ccd1..— .26
100 ...11 700 5: 30J 28
2UO Bclcner..-3H 100 C P0int. ...35 MO 24
bOO 37 100 O<fc C 56 10J Potosi-...67
600 848 SI 300 57 100 ..... 68
300 8u11i0n... .0>- 500 H4N...1.31 100 Ravage.. .62
lUO i iiinf ...IUS 100 1.40 00 63
800 CC<fcV...a.3s 250 Mcx 66 250 « NT 66
350 2.40 100 64 *00 8HU1....-02
18iO 2.45 500 0ph1r... 1.35 350 Union C... 48
110 2.50 200 1.3* 500 Utah-. ...06
. • ■ • ■ i AFTERNOON SESSION— 2 :30.
-no Alto 08 300 Cnolr. ..1.05 SI ex en.. .51
600 Andes .:..19 100 1.00 500 OcctdU-..25
100 -.18 250 150 Ophlr.-1.26
100 8e1cher ...36 500 C Imp .-.02 200 Ravage .... 4B
7UO B<feß 7330!) C Point 38 500 ties 8e1. ...10
100 : 72H00 G<fcC....^6V3oU i i mtii.il... &i
200 Caled . . 121100 H&N . . 1.25
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
• REGULAR SESSION— IO:3O.
6no Alpha 14 600 Cha11ge...62j303 Mexlcan..BB
200 Alt* Ofc 300 601400 Occd 26
300 Andes.... 19 260 Conn... 1.26 700 0ph1r...1.30
20D 8e1cner...42 2UO ....„.1.22Va 600 1.32%
600 38 100 1.26 900 1.36
900 B <& B 82 500 C Imp 01 400 0vrmn....16
1000 Hi jOO .....02 400 J6
•100 81 tiOOC NY. ..03IJ0J Poion„.„6B
100 .....7t -00 CrwnPt.. 36,400 fcava«e....s3
600 75 6JO .37 900 62
Sim! Million 06 200 ; 841400 61
400Ca1eda....12 400 Kxchqr...o6 8 >0 60
40 l i:iolr...l.llrlOO o<fcC. ....58 400 49
200 1.07% 700 56600 Scorplon..o4
100 1.05 200 H«tNI.32Vi'tJOO MJ&M....12
100 CCAV...2.2;. 100 ...... 1.31/IUOO Nev....55
100 2.301000 Jn11a....02 l 500BUHlU..„01
UOO 2.32% 300 Justice.. -061300 &tnru...1.60
450 2.36 200 Kentck....o4 800 Union. 50
600 254200 ...... 061300 ....; 48
1200 2.41. fOOL Wash... ol 200 Utah 06
600 2.42% 200 Mx1c....66,20.» V Jc*....-37
1200 2.40 600 55 400 36
700 2.50 400 54|
AFTMNOOS SESSION— 2:3O.
200 Alpha. .... 13 450CC*V...2.30j '60 Potosl. —.65
160 Andes.... lb aJO 2.1:7^-^6O 04
3)0 8e1cher. ..35 300 2.25200 63
200 8&8......74 30 J c P0int.. .3420) Karaite.. .49
700 7i iOO Exchcr...o6 300 8 8AM. ..11
200 8u11i0n.... 06 600 U All 63,250 b.Vov 62
200 Caleda- ..12 150 H<feJSl.27Va 400 .61
800 Challire. .49 200 Kentuck..o4 Stnrd..l.6o ,
250 Ch11r.1.02% <>00 Mexican.. 5 3 40u iJniou.... 46
200 1.00 60 0cctdt1....24 200 U1an. ....06
100 -.1.06 600 261100 V Joke -84 |
100 C0nf1... 1.16 203 00htr....1.25, i
4.JLOblKtt QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Jan. 26-4 p. m " i
Jilt . Aikrc.i Bid. A tie. «'« • ■
Alnha nan.-... XI 13 Julia ...... — 06
Andes." 18 ISiiienlucfc...... 03 Co
Belcher 34 34 Lady Wastj.... — 12
Beat A Belener 72 •73 Mexican 52 63
Benton C0n.... 17 — Nevada Qneaa. — 04
Bullion 06 07 Occidental. 26 26
Caledonia. 11 13iOphlr 1.25 1.80
Chollar ........ 1.00 1.06! Overman- 14 15
Con.Cal.fcVa... 2.30 2.86 tf0t05L.. ....... 64 66;
Challenco Con. 48 60 -avage. «8 60
Con. Imperil;. 01 (12 bcorpton....^. OS 05
Confidence 1.15 1.20 see. Belcher. . 10 12
Con New - OS silver H1U..... 01 (2
Crown Point... 82 36 sierra Nevada. 60 61
EastSlerraKar — li standard 1.65 1.60
.bnrekaCon... — 26 syndicate. .._ 02 i,i
Kxcbeauer .... — 05 l nlouv-ou — . 46 46
t>ouiu •& curry. • 61 62 dan 04 06
nut*, Queers. 1.25 1.30 Velio w J»CJS#i. 34 36
Jackson - 46
bXOUJi, ANl> BOND JEXCHANGB.
MONDAY. Jan 26 2p. v.
■ ' t73!ITXI> STATUS bomu,
Std. A tAe,L SOL jttked.
V 8 4s conn. lll HIV* a 4«reg...10» 110%
Do new issuel2l —
MtSCI«.U.NKOr7* *o*n%.
'•ii'-RtCnirts.lloyi - Oak Gas 65.. - 104
Cal Elec L 65128 — Do Sd la 65. . . 108 109
CntraCW6s 82% 85 Omnibus 65.. 120% —
Dpnt-stex-cp — 97% P &.Q Ry Bj. ■. — 113
Kdsn JL&P6sI2By 2 130 PACh Ry 6s. — 103
F<fcCHRR6s — 107V4 }'wl-s: HR 6» — 119
titarv-st R63100 — Reno, WL4L — 105
H CAS 6 Vis. 103 — SactO P& L. - 100
LosAngL6s — 100 SFANPR6*.. 995.ii.00
Do G meed 6s — 101 SPRRArIz6s — 93%
MKt-stCble6sl22% - hPRRCaIBs.II2 -
DoßyCon 65,10 Ly 8 106y 4 — 100
Nat Vln6s Ist — 100 *PBrßCal6a. 97 9S
NevCNgß7s.loo — SVWatertts.ll9y4l2o
NRyCal6s.lol — ' |sVWater4s. 100»/ 4 —
NBy Cal ss. - 95 |StktnGAE6l - 102
WATKR STOCK*.'
Contra Costa 34 3eyjiSprng Valley b7 fc7y a
alarm C 0..... - 62 ] 1 : "i'-H
«AS AND ELECTRIC ETOOKS.
CapltaL — 26 V ao «as imp 92 9>y 3
Central 96 . - Paclflo Ll«nt 48%. 49 .
Edison Llßhll27Vir~ > "Va SanFranosco 39 „ 9j%
MElecLigm 9 10 Stockton..... — ao
OaJcG ; AH 64 64% t ■
1 IKSDKAXCS UTOCKI ! i
F!reman'sFdlßo 190 |sun ...„..;„ — —
, . OOMHICBCUt, RANK BTOOIC^
Anglo-Cal 50 — First Natlonl 179 185
Bantcof Cal..2S«i^a42y 2 l.ondonP&A. a —
CaIbDATCoIU6 110 MerchEx.... Xi —
«AVISn« BANK STOCKS.
C.ers<tr,eo.. 1535 1855 SnvAl.oaa.. — 105
HumtiSAL.liitiJ — Security 250 300
Mutual 33 — Union Trust. 81U —
bJb'Sav Union — 476
BTRKS r BA IL&OA «TnOK\
California.... 108 111 OakSL&Har - 100
Ueary-st . — 50 Presidio 4% —
Market-5t.... 43% <3%
f^>VUa.K STOCK*.
Atlantic D... 16 17 Giant C0n.... 28 28%
California.... 75 — IVigorlt. - »0c
Eastern D... 76 85 I
MI9OKI,I,AKHOUS WUCltl
Alaska Piers. 103y a 104 |Nat Vln Co.. — g%
Ocr Lead Co. 80 100 oceanlcSSCo ; — £0
HawC&SCo.. 1714 «7%'Pac Aux FA— 4
Hutch sl'lo 25 ?s%!PacßoraxCo. 95 —
MerExAssn.. — 110 |ParfPalntOo — 7
t*lE3-MtfK.M-VI o^JIJ 1.
Foani—
60 AlasKa Packers' Association 103 60
100 do do 103 75
25 Giant Powder C0n.........". ;.;. • 26 75 '
26 do do .................:...... 27 00
25 do do ~ .517 25
50 do do ■...;.......".;.:.*.■.:■.:...■■ 27 60
35 Hntchinson 8 P Co, 26 26
5 Market-st Ran way... ..:.... .:....... 4337%
10 Oakland Gas 64 25
40 SV Water... b7 25
Hr»i- ,
$1000 Market-st Hv Con 6% Bond* 103 26
20 Mutual i'lectric Light .•..:.....;.../. 9 76
$4000 Park A Cliff House Bonds 101 60 ,
AITKS.NOO.I aumsian.
Jtoard—
. 25 Alaska Packers' Association 108 50
35 Giant Powder Con ........;....;.. 27 75
10 do do :„..;....;.....;...... 28 CO -
$6000 Omnibus Cable Bonds.. 120 75
60 a V Water »7 26
2'J5 do do ".'..■.'.... ..*..'.. 1..V.....: 97 00
20 ... ; do do. 9SO ...; • 97.00
Str**»»; — . -
16 Oakland Ga5...... ...... ...'........... ' 64 26
91000 8 V 4% Bonds. 101 00 y
* » » .' , ■■ .'-'. '. ' .'
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Frank or Frank J. Nelson to John a Morgan,
lot on NE line of Dore street, 174:10 SE of Harri
son, SE 2 inches by Nm 85: $200.
J. E. and Rena le Ball is er to Thomas Magee,
lot on N line of Liberty street, 100 Ji of Guerrero,
£ 25 by N 1I6: $10.
Thomas Magee to Mary McCoy, same: $10.
Mary O. Ga'eto Sarah M. Swan, lot on W line of
£hotwell street. 110 N of Twenty-third, N 60 by
\V 122:6; $10.
sar;ih M.. .Swan to Em He H. Elmques:, lot 0:1 W
line of shotwell street, 110 N of Twenty-third, N"
25 by W 122:5; $10
Emanuele Vatuon« to Antonio Perl, lot on W
line of »■ Hbert place. 97:6 S of Filbert street, s 20
by w 67:6; $10.
Ramoua M. de Larrondo to Manuel J. Saymon
and Elena E. Lester, lot o BE line or Clementina
street. 110 NIC of Fourth. NX 40 by SE 60: gift.
Duvid S. Morris to >allie Morris, lot on >E cor
ner of Second avenue and California street, SE
125 s 00. \V 5. d 150. W 120. N 246:9; gif j
rh«rlpfi H Burr (administrator of estate o
Acres X Daly aad Laniel J. Daly by A. O. Colton.
£omn?m«oner) to Mary E. Da y, lot on E line of
HTmisbire St««. 91:6 N of Twentieth (Napa). N
V y Henneberg to Emllie Henneberg.
lotonSllnMOf Santa Clara street. 25 tot \er-
n hn .nd b Marv o L.^to Ernest F. and Nellie
vi-ntter lot on N line of Hicnlnnd avenue. 377:3
W U of A .'.dover street. W2sby N 100, lot 38, bloc*
'•j^n'^aV^^cutor of the estate of W. X
Murphy), to Kd^ar L. Hoag. lot 10, block Z. Park
$ ,TBrunoJ Behnisch same^SlO
Cbarloue E. Nichols o Lottie A Nichols, lot on
NE line of Sixteenth avenue 150 bE of Q street,
SE2.) by NE92:S, block 305. O'Nell and Halej
T Be niami°n B. Haskell to Hattle A. H"kell, un
divided half of lots 613 and 614. ■ Gift Map 2.
also a defeasance from M. A. Kothch lUtoß* nry
N. and Caroline A. Deppe. 38 coy. Z6S-. also an
pstate in fee simple absolute in lots 4 and 5, block
9, Syndicate's First Addition; grant.
AI.AMEDA COUNTY.
John D. Oraalfs and John Black (by commis
sioner) to Charles H. Hale, lot on N W corner of
Juana avenue and »an Jose street. W lWbyN
143, being lots 13 and 14. block »8. hstudil.o
Tract San Leandro. Eden Township: $1571.
Ansiev G. and Rebecca M. Davis to Albert
Meyer, lot on N line of Addison street, i! 00 E of
California, E 50 by N 138, being lot 2, subdivision
of ranire 11, Hardy 'lract, Berkeley: $10.
EC. Morris to F. W. and H. E. Reed, lot 6 '
block 17 Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Same to same, lot 7, block 17, same, Brooklyn
T Emma D J. Tozer to Charles F. Tozer. lot on E
line of San Pablo avenue, 30.79 N of Thirty-sixth
street N 34, X 103, a 30:81/4. W 88 to beginniu ? .
! being portion of lot 1. block A, man of Mrs. M. J.
''■ Evov's proi>erty, Oakland Township; also lot on
Ki hue of Myrtle street. 139 N of Twenty-fourth.
TV Hi) by E 125. Oakland: also lot on W line of
•Myrtle street, 226 N of Twenty- fourth. N 28:6 by
W 25 Oakland; also lot on S line of Third street,
712 V of Grove, S 100 by E 52, block 22, Oakland;
also lot on N line of Crawford street, 407. 94 Wof
Baker W 50 by N 168. being lot 28, block B, J.
W Crawford Tract, Oakland Township: $1001).
Charles A and Alice C. Bailey to H. A. Fair
hanks lot on S line of Cedar street, 100 E of Mo
Ge°rE 40 by S 100, being lot 17, block B, Edith
T Emily e Y k H e to Cora E. Tremble, lot 20.
hock 34 Warner Tract, Brooklyn Townsbio; als o
lot 8, being a vision of lots 64 to 57 65 to 68,
Kincsland Tract. Brooklyn Township; also lot on
N De of Clement avenue, 120:6 E of Chestnut
street E 27 by N 127:5, being the E 18 feet of lot
3 and W 9 feet of lot 4, block 1, lands adjacent to
Encinal, subject to mortgage, warranty deed, Ala-
m Heu'ry M. Landsberger to Martha S. Lands
berrer lot on north line of San Jose avenue, 196
fe" 8 E of Parn street. E4oby N 150, being lot 18,
block K. OaK Park. Alamed»: Breed to George M.
Arthur H. and Caroline H.' Breed to GeoreeM.
Grant, lot on south line of Ea«le avenue, 140:9 i/i
feet X of St Charles street, E 25 by S 125 feet, be
ing lot 9, block H, .Taylor & Page Tract, Ala-
m Elerioie B. t-hakespeare (by Commissioner) to
Elenoie a Shakespeare (by Commissioner) to
Lowell J. Hardy, lot on E line of Linden street,
144:9 of Twelfth, 8 44:9 by E 125, portion of lot
9, block b. Central Homestead Association, Oak-
Jos'eptj Bayles to E. L. Higgins, lot on NWco
ncr of Wai worth and Summit avenues, W 90.84,
N 61, E 105, s 62, portion of lot 2, same, quitclaim
deed, Oakland; $1. ■
E. L. Higgins to Julie Jirkowsky, same, quit
claim deed, Oakland 10. .
Amaiia and Charles P. Jnergensen -to Mission
Home and Loan Association, lot on W line of
Newbury street, 100 N of Ashby avenue, N 40 by
W 150, being lot 9. block A, Adeline Tract,
Berkeley; $10. „ ",
Joseph and Jennie Stapleton to John and Sophia
Eld«-r, lot on S line Fairview street, 150 E of
Calais, E 50 by S 135. lot 14, block D. subdivision
of S portion of Harmon Tract, Berkeley; $10.
| San Francisco Savings Union to i-.inma J. rad
wallader. lot on N line of San Jose avenue, 300 E
of Chesnut street. X 100 by N 150, being lots 7
and 8, in W half of block M, lands adjacent to En
cinal, Aiameda; 910.
Wliheloma and D. J. Dulsenberg to Samuel D.
Cussell, lot on sW corner of Union street and
County road, Thirteenth avenue to Frultvale av
enue, sl 00 by W 100, being lots 17 to 20, block
F, new map of east par; Lynn Homestead, East
Oakland: grant.
Frank F. Starges Jr. to F. F. Starpes, lot on
a line of Booth street, '/50 east of Broadway,
E 100 by S 150, Oakland Township; $10.
Pacific Improvement Company to D. A. Mott,
lot on SW corner of St. Charles street and Eagle
avenue, W 129:11, S 37:6. E 129:11, N137:6t0
beginning, being the north 37 *-•> feet of lots 15
and 16, and east 32 feet of lot 14. block X, map
of property of Columbus Bartl'tt, Aiameda; $10.
Albion Robinson to Hannah L. Robinson, lot on
W line of Ellis street, 376:3 8 of Fairview, s 50 by
\V 120, being the N 50 feet of lot 67, Recent-street
Homestead, Berkeley; gift.
Syndicate Investment, Company, to Eugene
Doucher, lot on SK line of Brandon street, 50 NjS
of Putnam, NE 30 by sk 100, being a portion of
lot 22. bl< ck 770, on map of the Syndicate Invest
ment Company's subdivision of blocks 751 to 764,
769 and 770, Levy 4 Lane Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $10.
Kiln A. Tompkins to John W. Tompkins, lot
on S line of Seventeenth street. 100 W of Clay, W
25 by 50. bock 270. Oakland: gift.
Henry Knoche to William Gustafson, lot on E
line of Filbert street, 232:10 S of Twenty-first, E
125:2 by S 26. Oakland; $5.
Builders' Contracts. •
Isidore Merle with Maccono 4 Rosso, to erect a
two-story building on E line of Duoont street, 120
S of Vallejo, Frank 8. Van Trees, architect;
$1695. _
— _ « — » *
THE ; CALL CALENDAR.
I January, 1897.
W.
Sa.
. 2
4Qt. New Moon.
%8> Jan. 2.
vJ/ Jan.
11
12
19
*£?» Full Moon.
v£/ Jan. 18.
17
,7*>. Last Quarter.
4v Jan. 25.
v,cLa:> SThAii^KS.
Dat«a of Departure From San Frunelneo. I
STEAMRtt | DBSTIVATION. |
Alliance....
Del None..
Australia. ..
Arrata
Coos 8ay.. . .
Barracoma.
Empire
Czarina
State ot Cal.
Mexico......
C010n........
Hunoi
Corona
ABlanchard
City Puebia
>*arallon
Eureka
Queen..
Columbia. ..
Coos 8ar......
Grays Harbor.
H0n01u1u.. ....
coos Bay
Newpor:
San Josede O.
Coos Bay
Coos Day
Portland
San Metro.....
Manama
Urars Harbor.
! HomboldtUitv
! Oregon ports..
Vie & Put Snd
Yaauina Bay.
Newport
Ban Diego
Portland ...... :
Jan 26, 6pm
Jan 26. 2pu
Jan 2& 4fm
jan 26. Fax
Jan 26,12 M
Jan 27.10 am
lan 27, 6pm
Jan 2H.loam
Jan '.'8 Haw
Jan 28.13 M
Jan 18 12 M
Jan 28. 'iTu
Jan 29. Bra
Jan 2i). «aii
Jan 80. 9aii
Jan 3a 9am
Feb 1.11 am
F b 2.lUam
fler IS
Pier 7
Pier 13
Pier 11
PUS 8
Pier 13 .
Pier 8
Pier 24
Pi"»f 1 1
PM 8 8
Pier 2
Pier i
Pier 9
Pier 3
Pier 11
Pier 11
PIT 24
STEAMKKS TO AISKIVE.
*.mpi«. -..
Trocke*
Czarina
Mexico
Nor Fore...
San Juan
Washtenaw....
Corona
Han Mate 0......
AUceßiancnard
Jeanle
Eorelca. .......
Fara110n........
Wellington... .
Columbia
Queen
Walla Walla. . .
Ban J055........
Crescent City...
Coos Bay ......
State of Cat....
loos .nay
TUlamook Bay
Coos 8ay.......... '
-an Diego
H umboldt Bay
Panama
Tacoma
Hum bold; 8ay. .........
Comox.' '..
Portland....
Departure Bay
Newp0rt. ;;..'.. ...... ....
Vanning hay.. .-..•
Departure 8ay..........
Portland.
San Diego.
Victoria <s Fnset Sound
Panama .....„..,....;..
j Crescent City ...........
I Newport .-.
' Portland
1..J10 20
I. .Jan 26
..Jan 26
..Jan 26
..Jan 27
..Jan 27
..Jan 27
..Jan -27
..Jan '27
..Jan 27
..Jan 27
..Jan 28
..Jan 28
.jan 29
..Jan 30
..Jan 30
..Jan 30
..Jan 31
..Feb 1
..Feb l
Keb 4
&VX. MOON Ax\o 11JBJS. I
United Status Coast and Gkodittic St/bvht-
Times ahd Heights of Hish and Low
Watjsbs" at Foht Point, Entbavch to
Ban Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial AUTHOKITY OF THE SUFKBINTKSDENT.
Note— The high and low waters occur at tbe
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tidi» is 'hP same at both places.
January— 1897.
Tuesday, Januar.- 26.
Sonrts** 7.191 Moon rises... 1.284*
Bun sets 3.27 1 Moon net*.
>|^|Fe,t]^JFen|l I^JFee |I^|Feet
371 5.49
L W
28 .0.30
29 137
SO 2.42
31 3.34
. H W
1 0.00
2
h'w "■•■■
ii "w
9.47
B W
3.0 6.4H
8.0 7.48
3.0 H.4UI
3.0 9.42
L-W
4.4 1 4.25
.5
.S
L W
2.27
8.21
4.09
4.51
H W
10.32
•■■ tx \v -, .
-0.6 9.471 3.8
—0.9; 10.46 4.0
-10 11.25 . 4.2
":
-1.01
jL W
5.6 1 6.281-0.7
2.9
Hotb— In the above exposition of the tides th«
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tide* of the day in tha
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of : the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or rlsht
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when tnere . are ■ but three tides, as sometime
»ccnr«. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on <■ the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number veals subtract lvi
from the depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINKK3.
A branch of tha United States Hydrographlc
Office located in tbe Merchants' Exchange Is
maintained In San Francisco foe the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
eX Nav?*aior» are cordially invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
dlrec ions of th» world are kept on hani ror com
l.ur.son and reference, and the latest Tnforinatlo-,
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocea™
commerce.' •■ '• w.r _,J
The time ball on top of the building on i ele 7
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day »rora tha
! United States Naval Observatory a- Mare Island.
Cal. • • - " "
A notice stating whether tho time ball was
dropped on lime, or giving the error. If any, U
pohluhei the same' day uy the afternoon paper*,
and by the morning papers the following 'lav.
..■....",.' W. H. HUGRKS.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
The lime Ball.
I»AKOfT JTVT>BO«BAPHIO OFFrrJW. IT. ■*. T.. >
SIKKCHiSTS' KXCHAXm V
6an- Francisco. January 26. 1897. )
Th« time ball on Teiegraoa litu was aroncul
exactly ac noon to-day— L c.. at, noon of the l'3o«a
msridlau, ox «xacUy m air. m.. Greenwich tim*.
W. a HDBHB,
I,i»»nten»nt U. S. N., inrna- ; .
SUlJfrixNO lMtLLllii.NCt.
Arrive I.
MONDAY, Jannar; Jj,
Btmr Arcata. Cousins. 60 hours from Coos = 4r
via port uriord — hours: pass and mdse, to 0 c *
V Co. - ; - ■■:•.--
Htmr Alliance, Hard wick, 41 hours from Com
Bay: pass and mdse, to Gray 4 Mitchell.
Slmr ' City of Puebla, Debney, 68 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland, 29 hours from Moss Landnz
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins 4 Co. *'
Btmr State of California, Green. 62 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 43 hours; pass ana mdss,
to Goodall, Perkins <£ Co.
Stmr Lakme, Anderson, 42 hours from Hue.
nemo; produce, to Chan Nelson.
; Stmr Del None, Stockfleth. 75 hours from Grays
Harbor: pass and mdse, to E X Wood Lumber Co
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 29 hours trom Eureka
-228 Al ft lumber, to .1 X Hanify.
Hchr 'Arthur I, Krog, 48 hours from Iversens
Landing: loUcds wood, to N Iversen.
Hchr Reliance, Skipper, 34 hours from Timber
Cove: 70 cds wood, to X A Gilbrlde <te Co.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, 72 hours from Point
Arena; 100 cds wood, to Bender Bros.
Cleared.
MONDAY, January 25.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Ouaymas; Good&ii,
Perkins 4 Co.
stmr Coos .Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins 4 Co. v
Snip Oriental, Parker, Nanaimo; Geo Frltoh. ' ¥
Br ship Arctic stream. Bowen, East London;'
Balfour, Guthrie 4 Co.
Her ship Slam, Garllchs, Newcastle, NSW; A
Garllchs, master.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, Kahulul; Alex*
ander Baldwin.
Schr Czar, Hu:m«n, Mazatlan; Wm Olsen.
Sailed.
MONDAY. January 25,
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Guaymas.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefleld, Tacoma.
Stmr Navarro, Duggan, Kureka.
bciir Nettie .Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Telegraphic.
POTNT LOBOS. Jan. 26.— p. *.- Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 4 miles.
Charters.
The Haw bark Andrew Welch loads mdse for
Honolulu: Br ship Andrina, lumber on th* sound
for Cork, 48s 9d: Br shin Candida, wheat at Port
land for Europe. 18s 9d: ship Columbia, coal at
Departure Bay for this port; Br ship Dudnope,
lumoer atChemainus for Liverpool, 60s; Br ship
Heifta, sugar at Manila fur New York: schr Lizzie
Vance, redwood at Eureka for Sydney; schr sal
vator. redwood at Eureka for Gnaymaj.
The Br ship Drumalis loads wheat and flour for
Sydney, lump sum: Ital ship Francesco damps.
wheat for Europe. 16s 3d; Br baric Northernhay,
wheat for Europe, 17s 6d.
Spoken.
Dec 25-Lat 642 a Ion? 26 3D W, Br ship Ven
tura, hence sept 21, for Bristol,
Dec -J5-Lat 6 42 S. long 26 30 W, Ital ship F 8
Clampa, hence Sept 6, for Queenstowo.
Jan 16— Lat 47 N", long 20 W, ship Alex Gibson,
from Port Townsend. for Plymouth.
Per Arcata— Jan 25— Off Point Reyes schr Kate
and Anna w.lh 90 skins.
Domestic T'or-.i.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 26— Stmr Alice V neb
ard, from Coos Bay: schr Esther Bnhnt, ..>/i:ce
Jan 18.
Sailed Jan 26— Schr Sparrow, for San Francisco;
Stmr Alice Blanchard. for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived Jan 22— Br bark
ludore. from Victoria.
SOUTH BEND- Arrived Jan 25— Schr Melanc
thon, hence Jan 16: schr Guide, hence Jan 14;
schr North Bend, hence Jan 15.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 24— Soar Ivy,
hence Jan 8.
NAVARRO— Sailed Jan 25-Stmr Weeott, for
San Fran- isco. .
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Caspar, from
San Pedro.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Jan 19-Schr Roy Somers,
for Ballard.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 25— Br stmr Chlttagong
from Yokohama; schr J M Colman, hence Jan 17:
stmr Columbia, hence Jan 23; bktn Tarn o' uhan
ter. bence Jan 10. .
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Corona, hnce m
Jan 24; Br bark Woollahra, from Sydney: schr /
Mary X Rms. from El Triumfo. f"
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed Jan 26— Stmr
Alcatraz.
.•";;,<■'.• Foreign Ports.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Jan 24— Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Passed Jan 23— Haw stmr Baa
Mateo, from Comox, for Man Francisco.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Jan 26— Ship John A
Briggs, from Port Biakeley.
YOKOHAMA— aaiieJ Jan s— Schr Fred E Sand
ers, for Hakodate, to load for Honolulu.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Jan 21— Br stmr Doric, for
San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— Dec 30-9ehr E X Wood,
Puget Sound. Jan 19— Br stmr Belglc, for Hong
koajr.
CARDIFF— SaiIed Jan 23— Br ship North Rid
ing, for Kequlmalt.
QUEENbI'OWN— Sailed Jan 23— ship John
Cooke, for Dublin.
CAPE TOWN- Arrived Jan 22— Br ship Bay of
Bengal, hence Nov 1L ■
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 21— Br ship Trafalgar 1
hence Dec 3. . •■.; • •,
. VANCOUVER— Arrived lan 22— Br baric Pass
of Mcl fort, from Rio de Janeiro; Br bark Oread,
from Tocodilla.
sailed Jan 22— Br ship City of Delhi, for Val
paraiso.
Importations.
COOS BAY— Per Alliance— 43o tons coal, 160 M
ft lumber.
PIGEON POINT- Per Gipsy— 6B bxs cheese, 4
bxs butter, 695 sks beans.
Santa Cruz— 6 cs cheese, 3 bxs batter, 1000 bbls
lime, 1 coop ducks.
Moss Landing— l bx butter, 2 cs eggs, 399 ska
potatoes.
PORTLAND-Per State of California— l3,Bß6
sks flour, 800 gunnies flour, 1520 sks bran. 279
sks onions, 2489 sks potatoes, 2070 cs salmon, 149
hides, ltt-6pkgs paper.
Astoria— 3oo cs salmon, 4 pkgs express. VI ska
oysters. : ■ ■
HUENEME— Per Lakme— 3oss sks barley, 965
sks beans, 1636 sks corn, 2 bxs batter. 3cseggs.
40 sks wool. 4 pkgs pelts, 1 cs underwear.
GRAYSH ARBOR— Per Del Norte- 1 bx plants
2'.'B .M ft lumber, 1 cs mdse.
VANCOUVER— Per City of Puebla-9777 bags
rice, 4 pugs mdse. ■ , •
Seattle— l cs labels. 1 cs spool silk. 6cs oil. 620
Mis shingles, 1 sk rice, 1 cs thread. 1 chest tools,
9 bbls ti bxs gum, l'bx advertising matter, lies
mdse, 6cs paper, 2 bxs patterns, 1 cs dry goods, 1
cs cigars, 3 typewtlters. 2 bbls salmon, 6 bxs lisa,
16 bxs salmon, 6 pkgs express.
Vancouver— lß2 cs cheese, 2 cs whisky.
Tacoma— 4 ci mas?, 4 bxs drugs, 9 bdls hides,
81 sks oones, 400 bars bullion.
Seattle via G N By— 9 bis rubber goods, 250 sks
flour, 1 bicycle. .
East of Fargo via Tacoma— 2 crts perambulators*
2 bxs books. 1
. Anacortes— looo bbls lime. : j^_
New Wbatcom— 2o96 sks oats, 28 pkgs mdss/^
899 pcs lumber. ■ • . /*
• Port Townsend— l crt bicycles.
West of , Fargo via Tacoma— 2 bxs archligbt.ii
110« hf-sks flour, 790 sks 600 qr-sks flour.
Everett— S>7o bxs nails, 23 bdls shook*, 1400
bars bullion, 618 bdls paper.
• Vancouver via C P Ky— s cs cigars, 1 cs tracts.
217 cs tobacco. 40 cs cigarettes, 146 cs boots and
shoes: 51 cs hats, 600 cs condensed milk, 5 cs W
names. 2 1 cs dry goods, 160 bbls glucose, lit cs W
U wear, 6 cs hosiery.
Departure Bay— 664 tons coal.
Victoria -18 Mks ore, 4 pkgs express.
Consignees.
. ■ Per Lakme— Field 4 Stone.
Per Del Sure -*an rrancisco Preserve Co; E X
Wood Lumber Co; Weston Basket Mfg Co; V Ful
ton. .." '. -
Per Alliance— C& N Co; Simpson Lumcer Co.
Per Arcata— o C 4 N Co: Bandon Woolen
Standard Oil Co: Thomas Loughrau: C A Hooper;
Wells, Fargo 4 Co.
Per Gipsy— Norton, Teller <fc Co- H Cowell 4 Co:
McPherson 4 Rucker; LG Sresovich 4 Co: AW
Fink; Dairymen's Union: Dodge, Sweeney 4 Co;
Hills Bros: Hammond 4 Brod: Get* Bros 4 Co;
Brigham, Hopi.-e 4 Co; M T Freitas 4 Co: Freder
ick son 4 Jacobson ; O B Smith 4 Co; H Dutard ; D
Cereghino; Herman Joost.
Per Columbia— J J Faifc 4 Co: Williams, Brown
4 Co: F Hlllens 4 Co; Otis, McAllister 4 Co: J H
Cain & Co: Sheldon Milling Co: Geo Morrow 4 Co:
HDutard; DE Allison <t Co: J Everdln?4Co; D
Keefe 4 Co; W J Murray 4 Co: A Levy 4 Co; <;
Merchio: Willamette Pulp 4 Paper Co; L Jagger ;
LLWaldron; Erlanger 4 Gulimctr; I'altoa Hros .
Wolf 4 Son : s H Frank 4 Co: M X A Wagner; J C
Neppacb ; Wells, Fargo 4 Co; Daroee 4 m 2 l i,°
M Ballman; Crown Paper Co; J O Hanthoni 4 Co:
Per City of J-uebla-Chlnese merchants: Alaska
Comm-rclal Co; Sinle«el 4 Bunker: Carlson. Cur
rier 4 Co; Alaska Packers' Assn; Fulton 4 ■ Ro^
Lumber Co; v X mob* 4 Co: Granuccl Bros: G W
Nawson: H Doyle 4 son; J A Kerr;_Butteiick
Pud Co; M A Kafferey: San Francisco Bridge Co;
Bldeman. Lachman 4 Co: Thomas Lougnran : J 1,
BBrunsing; WCBehia: SEbrlicb: F M Morgan;.
Doff 4 Co; Wells. Fargo & Co : Royal Milling Co;'
Ha mon- W G Hlnton: R C Dalley : Pac ilonel
jor illzlneCo; Geo Herman: H J Hansen; Mac»
4Co " Melter 4 ({ebtiardt : W <fc J Sloane & Co: jf
Clark 4 Co: Selby Smelting and Lead Co; Be lirii
ham Bay Imp « o; Tac 4 R U Lime Co: California
El' ctric Li'jht Co: C Lelst 4 Co; G \V Hovrnrd;
j HNewbauer&C'o; Kothsihild & to; C H Fores
ter: S W Willey; Blake. MolH'.' 4 Towne; Rev-re
Rubber Co: . Dunham, Carrigan 4 Co: Rothschild
& co;VVieland Brewing Co: American Tobacco Co:
Main 4 Winchester: Oregon Imp Co: W <, l;ic i
ardsjn: Calm, Nickelsburg 4 Co: H C Bradford; V
Berwin & Bros: F P Barhyte; ill Meyers 4 Bros;
Cabn, Nickelsburg & Co; H C Brad ord; Triest 4
Co; Murphy, Grant <S Co; Pacific Coast syrup Co;
Joshua Hendy.MORE USE OF
THE BLACK BALL
The Ebell Society Has a
Secret Committee of
Three.
One Member Says the Club Has
"Ultra-Fashionables" and
"Ordinaries."
President Euanell Is Charged With
Being an Autocrat, Which Her
Friends Deny.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broad way, Jan. 25. )
The fashionable Ebell Society Is seri
ously disturbed over the secret use of little
bJack balls. The beautiful Grecian temple
at Thirteenth and Harrison streets that
was dedicated with much eclat about three
months ago is now the scene of a factional
war, the cause of which is so much at
variance with the objects for which the
society wae formed tnat the efforts of the
members are about equally divided be
tween upholding their end of the contro
versy and trying to prevent the details
|/rom becoming known outside of the
charmed circle.
A short time since it was decided to in
crease the membership from 300 to 400,
and a sufficient number of applications
v, ere received to make the list complete, |
but, although several applicants were in !
every way worthy of becoming members i
bo far as their fitness to discuss "higher I
subjects" is concerned, they were quietly j
blackballed by a mysterious committee of j
three, whose identity is being very care- j
fully concealed.
Mrs. Alice W. Bunnell, the president of !
Hie society, names one lady, who appoints j
two more, and these three constitute the :
committee whicii parses on the names of
all applicants. The president refuses to
• divulge their names and preserves a digni
fied silence that is very exasperating to
those who have been humiliated by the j
use of the little ebony balis. There was a
' time when all the members of the Ebell \
Society wer. 1 not nursed in the lap of lux- i
ury, and the feeling islmanifested that
there is a de-ire on tt-.e part of what one >
lady call? the ultra fashionables to frown
upon the "ordinaries." Acting on this i
• idea the intellectual feature of the club has :
been • subordinated to t.e social side and \
the outcome is in doubt.
•\V. at spires within the society i
does not Delor.g to the public," said Mrs.
Lunnell to-day. "'lt appears that some
one is inclined to think that I have made ,
myself an autocrat of (he society, because
I refused to divulge lie names of the com- |
mittee. I have nothing to say in regard i
■to the entire matter, for I believe that this j
is a question which concerns the society, |
and not the public."
One of the leading members of the
Eoeil, who has been on the roll since it j
Jirst started, gava the following synopsis :
of the situation this evening: "The start - s
of tbe whole matter," sue said, "was when !
the leaders tried to outdress each other.
There are many members ho could not
afford to follow the fashion, and conse
quently it was very apparent that the
Aclfth would "scon be transformed into a
• very exclusive fashionable society. On
ifhe roll are many schoolteachers and
I'adies who maintain themselves. In the j
intellectual debates these ladies take a \
prominent part, and do not seem to be I
liked for doing so. This investigating
committee of three is all wrong, and mem- j
bership c houll De limited only by the
will of the club as expressed by a major
ity vote.
"Then, Pgain, there is too much gossip
at the lunches in the clubro.oms, and the
. Service is abominable. Covers are some
times prepared for 100, and twice that
number is invited. Then there is a
scramble for seats, and only two attend
ants are there to do the waiting.
"This secret committee, appointed by
the president, has the fate of every lady
REV. T. J. LACEY, M.A.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 25.— Word bas been received from the Key. Thomas
James Lacey, rector-elect of- Christ Episcopal Church, stating that he will not ar
rive until after Lent. He had been expected early in the next month. Rev. Hack
«U Smith, the explorer and lecturer, has agreed to remain here as a supply until
the rector's arrival.
The rector-elect was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, June 8, 1870, received his educa
tion in the public schools of his native city and was graduated from Hughes' High
- School in the class of '88. He then entered the University of Cincinnati and
studied three years finishing his collegiate education at Griswold College, Daven
port, lowa, while acting as assistant instructor in Latin.
Mr. Lacey began his theological studies in private under the personal direction
of Bishop Perry of lowa and then spent a year at the General Theological Semin
ary in New York, at the same time pursuing a post-graduate course of study in
1 the university of the city of New York. He was ordained deacon in St. Paul's
-Achurch, Cincinnati, Ohio, October 1, 1893, and immediately accepted a call to the
V sistantship of St. Luke's Church, San Francisco. Later he became headmaster
of Trinity School and was admitted to the priesthood in St. Paul's Church, San
Francisco, February 28, 1896.
Mr. Lacey has been an extensive contributor to the religious papers and maga
zines chiefly in the department of church history. He accepted an invitation last
fall to become assistant at St. Lutte's Church, Brooklyn, which position he re
linquishes to accept the call to Alameda. In 1895 Griswold College conferred on
Mr. Lacey the degrees of Bachelor or Divinity and Master of Arts. The new rec
tor hopes to arrive and enter on bis duty March 21, the third Sunday in Lent.
His mother will accompany him and remain several months.
in its hands, and a large number of wor
thy laUies will not apply for membership,
owing to the suspicion that attaches to
the secret committee. Who ever heard of
a society whose by-laws state that n was
organized for mutual culture requiring a
certain standard of dre*s and a certain
length of eenealogy as qualifications for
membership?' . . . ,
Mrs. A. \V. Bishop is a firm defender of
Mrs. Bunnell in the present upheaval.
"These stories are all the result of spite
work against Mrs. Bunneil, said Mrs.
Bishop to-day. "Our president has worked
hard for the success of the society for the
past six years, and thi» is all the gratitude
that is shown her. It is an effort to drag
her down, and is spite work through and
through, and it is a shame that it has
gained *uch general headway. I cannot
believe tnat any one could spring such
stories concerning Mrs. Bunnell or accuse
her of antocracy."
H. O. Trowbridge, whose wife has been
one of the most active members of the
Ebell Society for the past two years, said
to-night that the real difficulty consists in
tbe point as to whether tne Ebell Society
is a social or a literary organization. "If
it is a social organization," he said, "then
the members have a perfect right to de
cide by any legitimate means who shall be
their companion and who shall not. If,
however, it is a literary society then there
should be no secrecy over the question of
admittance to membership. 1 am very
sorry that anything of this kind has oc
curred. But there is no more unpleasant
ness than is to be found in any purely so
cial society where membership is governed
by strict rules."
One of the young ladies who was mys
teriously blackballed is the daughter of a
prominent member, and her mother has
determined to know the secret of her
daughter's humiliation or else take such
steps as will end in the society adopting a
rule by which all applications for mem
bership shall be submitted to the general
body. *
BOUGHT THE PARK.
' Board of Works Takes the Step that
Will Blot Odt West Oakland's
Marsh.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 25.— The West
Oakland Park site was formally accepted
at a special meeting of the Board of Works
I held th'.s morning. The site purchased
] covers about eleven acres, and consists of
tbe two block- of marsh land bounded by
j Eighteenth and Twentieth, Campbell and
| Wood streets, and the price paid by the
I city is $6866. The West Oakland Improve
ment Association has worked hard to
j obtain a park and to permanently abate
! the marsh nuisance, and they are well
' satisfied with their efforts, for the plan of
improvement as previously outlined, is to
fill in the marsh and make the park at the
same time.
Before the Board of Works accepted the
bid ;in agreement wa< filed by the Pacific
Coast Dredging Company, in which it was
; set fort.li that as boon as the city pur
: chased the land and commenced to sell
i aiul improve the same, tbe company,
within thirty days thereafter, -will com
i raence to nil in all of the marsh bounded
\ by Twenty-second, Sixteenth and Peralta
! streets and the Southern Pacific tracks.
; Thi* is the result of an agreement made
■ with all the adjoining property-owners
before the bid was offered to the city.
Now that tae site has been selected the
i improvement association has called a
meeting for to-morrow evening to con
! -ider a plan for the improvement of the
pars when it shall have been filled up.
Reliance Boxing Night.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 25.— The Reli
ance Club will give an amateur boxing en
tertainment at their rooms to-morrow
night There will be six preliminary
events of three ruunds each and two of
four rounds for a decision. The entries
for the preliminaries are as follows: T.
Williams, Reliance, vs. Kennedy, Reli
ance; Roy Williams, unattached, v«. E.
Kirchner, Reliance; J. Smoother, Oakland
Atnletic Citib, vs. C. Keeley of the same
institution; Charles Cathcart, Oakland,
vs. Jack Scott, Acme; Ned O'Malia, unat
tached, vs. Jack Davis; Charles Tye,
Acme, vs. Lou Agnew, Acme; Cain, Man
hattan, vs. Kiordau, Reliance.
The chief events of the evening will be
between William Hogan, Reliance, and
Frank Maynard, Oakland Athletic; T.
Beck, Reliance, and James Feeley, Reli
ance.
Adams' Helm Incorporated. 7"*"*"*
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 25.— The for
tune of the late James Adams was this
morninjr formally turned over to the
Adams Estate Company, which is owned
by the heirs of tbe deceased. The real
property is valued at $189,051, besides a
large personal estate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 2(5, 1897.
CRAZED BY THE
FUNDING BILL
W. M. Coward of the Com
mittee of Fifty Succumbs
to Overwork.
He Had Been Laboring Night
and Day to Defeat the Rail
road at Washington.
The Reaction After Success Proved
Too Much for His Brain.
He Will Recover.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 25.— Overcome
with anxiety and weakened by incessant
toil as a member of the Committee of
Fifty in his attempt to overthrow the
funding bill, William M. Coward of 2211
Ellsworth street, Berkeley, has lost his
reason. By constant and unabated effort,
both night and day, to undo the plans of
Collis P, Huntington be has given way to
WILLIAM M. COWARD, the Weil-Known Real Estate Man and
Member of the Committee of Fifty, "Whose Efforts Against
the Funding Bill Are Said to Have Caused His Temporary-
Men tal Derangement.
the demands upon hia strength and now
he is a physical and mental wreck. In
disconnected sentences and in partly in
coherent tones be talks of Hnntington
and the railroads.
"God has righted the wrong," says he;
"and now the poor people will be free."
For several days be has been talking in
this strain, but last night the crisis came,
and he gave way under the load, and was
to-day taken before the Insanity Com
mission.
During the time that Mayor Sutro was
gathering his forces to struggle against
the passage of the bill by Congress
Mr. Coward took a most active part in
the work of the committee, and a portion
of the time worked night and day. Hav
ing an extensive insurance and country
real estate business at 11 Montgomery
street, San Francisco, the extra work of
writing communications, gathering data
concerning the Pacific railroads and meet
ing committees began to sap his vitality,
but being a man of great firmness of pur
pose he kept up under the severe nervous
tension until the last.
The unfortunate man is full of ideas
concerning the funding bill and religion
and though he seems to be conscious of
all that is going on about htm he has no
power of thought or ability to express
himself.
This morning Town Marshal Lloyd
called at the residence of the unfortunate
man and decide! to take him before the
Insanity Commission. Accordingly he
was conveyed to Oakland. Before taken
away a number of friends called and at
tempted to converse with him, but with
out avail. Though not violent he seems
almost wholly devoid of his mentality
and can talk of nothing but the funding
bill.
Mr. Coward has a wife and four chil
dren in Berkeley. He has been residing
here for about six months, having pre
viously lived in San Francisco. Mrs.
Coward is grief-stricken, and for a long
time could not be prevailed upon to leave
her husband's side. She says that the
physicians assure her of his ultimate re
covery, but that some time will be neces
sary to build up his wasted energy.
When he first came to San Francisco
Coward was associated with Bovee, Toy &
Co., but later went into business for him
self in the building occupied until re
cently by O'Farrell & Co.
LOST ALL HIS FAMILY.
Edgar 1.. Cox, l>e«ijondent and Ivoneljr,
Takes a Fatal Draught of
Morphine.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 25.— Edgar L.
Cox went to a room at 418 Tenth street
Saturday night, drank the contents of a
large bot'le of morphine and was found
i dead at noon to-day.
Judging from some memoranda found
in his room Cox's life for the past few
years has been peculiarly unhappy. On
one piece of paper dated last Saturday was
the following note: "I have lost my wife
and children; the children were stolen
from me by Miss Preston in Sacramento
some years ago. I have not been happy
since. My children was all I had to live
for. My dear little Mnllie, I have not seen
a happy day since I lost them; therefore
I will say good- by."
There was a pocketbook in the room
and also a Bible. On one of the leaves of
the former was written: "To whom it may
concern: I ask pardon for what I am. I
have no hones of ever seeing my children.
God bless them. If I could see my little
Mollie again th«o I would have hope.
Good-by to all."
Cox was known to Mr. Hartor, who is
one of the people interested in the gospel
tent at Fourteenth street and Broadway,
and in a little note to the Coroner Cox
asked that all his personal effects be given
to Mr. Harter. Another memorandum
conveys the information that "Since I
wrote this I went out and had a good meal
and a good drink and n cigar. I have a
•brother, one earned E. F. Cox, in San
Francisco."
The unhappy man was a painter by
trade and has been known in this city for
some,years. He was always regarded as a
steady workman, but for several months
he has been unable to procure employ
ment, and this, with his brooding over his
domestic trouble, caused him to be de
spondent and become tired of li.c.
A Burglar In Her Bedroom.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 25.— Miss Vinnie
comb, who resides at the residence of Mrs.
Rebecca Knox, was disturbed in her
slumbers early yesterday morning by a
burglar, who was inspecting the bureau
by the light of a candle. As soon as she
saw the man, who had a big, fat, red face,
she screamed. The candle went out im
mediately and nothing more was seen of
tbe thief.
F;ora his methods the burglar evidently
knew something about the plunder he
was after. He had taken a flatiron from
the gas stove in the dining-room into tae
lady's bedroom, and evidently became too
frightened to use it. The police have been
looking for a man of his description for
some time, and his depredations have
been reported from many quarters.
A Fractured Skull.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 25.— Vance C.
Hollowell, by his guardian, has brought
suit asainst the Southern Pacific Company
for $50,000 damages for injuries received
last November, T;hen the plaintiff was
struck by a locomotive at Golden Gate.
Tue boy had his skull fractured, and it is
alleged that owing to the injuries he will
never regain his normal mental faculties.
It is also alleged that the accident was due
to the bell at the crossing, which was out
of order and did not give warning of the
approach of the train.
New Infirmary Physician..
OAKLAND, Cal., Jau. 25.— The Board
of Supervisors to-day appointed Dr. S. A.
Buteau visiting physician to the County
Infirmary at a salary of $75 a month in
the place of Dr. A. Shirk, whose position
was declared vacant
M'CLYMONDS MUST FIGHT
Professor Burrill of the High
School Wishes to Suc
ceed Him.
The Populist Candidate for Mayor
on tbe Religirus
Issue.
Oakland OrncE San Feajtcisoo Call.)
908 Broadway, Jan. 25. )
Superintendent McClymonds, who baa
become accustomed to looking upon his
situation in the City School Department
as a permanency has received notice that
when the Board of Education which will
take office next March appoints some one
to fill the office for the succeeding four
years he will have a strong competitor.
Professor E. F. Burrill, head of the lan
guage department in the Oakland High
School, issued a public statement to-day,
in which he says:
In order to forestall uncertain rumors, and
to be perfectly frank with all concerned, I
wish to annouTice my candidacy before the in
coming Board of Education for the office of
Superintendent of Public Instruction. I make
the announcement, assuming that the most
important educational office in the City ia
strictly a non-poiitical one, and that the only
requisite is personal fitness to administer Its
duties. It is accordingly as a competitor, not
as a contestant for the office, that I shall enter
the field.
This declaration from Professor Bnrrill
came as a great surprise to Superintendent
McClynfonds and his political suppcrters.
There will be several changes in the next
Board of Education, and it is stated that
Professor Burrill has obtained pledges
from many of the candidates for School
Directors before making known that he
was in the fight.
There are no complaints against the
present Superintendent, but the feeling
exists that wh-n a man has held a $3000
job for eieht years he has had his
share of political pie.
Dr. Buckland, the Councilman from the
Fifth Ward, will run as an independent
candidate to succeed himself. V. S.
Northey i* out with a petition as an inde
pendent Councilman from the Seventh
Ward.
Rev. Mr. Goodenough, the Populist can
didate for Mayor, gave an interview to
day in which occurred the following lan
guage: "I have very positive views about
the free library. There should be no cen
sorship exercised over tne literature of
any kind, either in the free library or
reading-room, except it be of an obscene
or profane character. There is no place
for religion in American politics. I am
opposed to any indorsement by religious
societies of any candidate. The issues to
be met are plainly political and have no
connection whatever with religious be
lief."
HOWARD MUST ANSWER.
Judge Wood Admits That the Evidence
Is Very Weak. ,
OAKLAND, CaW Jan. 25.— John How
ard was held to answer this morning; for
being implicated in the death of Anna
Johnson.
Judpe Wood stated that he did not con
sider the evidence: connecting Howard
with the crime as of much weight except
the dying girl's statement. He said that
the defendant's attorney might secure his
release on habeas corpus, but he did not
think it proper for him, considering the
gravity of the offense charged, to allow
i the defendant to go. . ,
This afternoon Attorney Prancour ap
plied 'to the Superior . Court for a writ of
habeas corpus which was issued and made
returnable .Wednesday.^ ■"; 7.
■•'.-■• ■'-■■. ■: * — ♦ ."."'.' ••■■•;■ --■
, Hypnotic Inst., 6 O'Farrell, teach, treat. • , ,
INGLESIDE NOW
HOLDS THE HAND
Three Choices Win Recpsn
ing Day at the Local
Track.
Buckwa Took the Mile, Down
ing Captive and Other
Fast Ones.
Scimitar Was the First Favorite to
Fall — Tuxedo Ou'jumped the
Favorite G-illant
Ingleside track on this side of the bay
r«opened yesterday, and there were no
lamentations, no expressions of regret on
the part of the talent. The track across
the bay is pleasantly situated and equally
as palatial in its appointments as the one
at Ingleside, but oh, my ! what hard luck
the favorites played in, to use a sporting
phrase. To be sure the first choices do
not all win at the track within a stone's
throw of the Pacific, but as a rule they
fare much better. While not the most
fastidious and fascinating card ever offered
a race-going public, the, attendance at the
local track yesterday was large, and the
eighteen bookmakers laying prices were
kept bnsy handling the coin offered.
The weather was mild and summer-like
and the members of the cripple division
were frisfy as two-year-olds. Three favor
ites won and three were beaten. The
downfall of the beaten favorites was ac
complished mostly by second or third
choices, and none of the successful horses
ran loose.
Ed Purser's wise old horse Backwa cap
tured the classic event of the card, the
mile run, starting a4to 5 choice. Picking
up 111 pounds and piloted by Henry Mar
tin, he took the lead from Captive before
a quarter of the distance had been trav
eled, and won without noticeable effort
from Wheel of Fortune. Captive, ridden
by Willie Martin, was the runner up for
some distance, and then fell back, finish
ing fourth, behind Greyhurst. The mile
was covered in 1:42.
Ed Games' brown gelding Collins
opened the day auspiciously for the favor
ites by starting an even money chance for
the openintr mile and a sixteenth run
and winning in a gallop from The Bach
elor, carrying the Corrigan colors and a 15
to 1 shot "in the ring.
The brown colt Scimitar, with "Skeets"
Martin up, was the favored one in the
betting among the seven starters that lined
up at the barrier in tU6 seven-furlong
dash that followed. The favorite ran a
good race, but could not overcome the ad
vantage guined by Minnie Ccc, against
whom 5 to 1 was laid, and was four lengths
behind Hoenitr's mare as the stand was
passed. Old Jack Richelieu took show
honors.
The maiden hurdle event over a mile and
a sixteenth, with four obstacles to clear,
was supposed to be a good thing for Gal
lant, which was played from twos down
to 6 to 5.
The old graj horse, imp. Autonomy,
also had a host of friends who accepted 2
to 1 laid about him. The gray showed in
front as usual, but gave way to Gallant as
the stretch was reached. Things now
looked comparatively easy for the favorite,
when suddenly Tuxedo got a move on
and, passing the leader, won hands down
in 1:56%. Autonomy was a fair third.
Opening in the betting in the fifth event,
a six- furlong spin, at odd* of even money,
Mobalaska receded to 7 to 5, and was
clowned quite handily by Kowalsky, the
second choice, who walked over the line
two lengths before the Corrigan entry.
Show honors went to Allahabad, a 60 to 1
outsider.
Pat Dunne's brown sprinter Preston
never will find much easier game than the
company he met in the final six-furlong,
and going to the post at the prohibitive
odds of 7 to 20, disposed of Peixotto at the
end without much difficulty. Sport Mc-
Allister, which made the running into the
stretch, was third.
NOTES.
The magnificent Spreckela cup to be
presented to the owner of the winning
horse of the race called in honor of the
president of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club
is on exhibition at the Palace Hotel grill
room, and is assuredly a masterpiece of
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingleslde Racetrack. Monday, January 28. Fortieth
day of the Winter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather Fine. Track Hast.
439. riRBT
Index.
378
316
432
319
847
220
850
362
Collins, 5 104
The Bachelor, 4.. 9i>
Instigator, 4...106V2
Hazard, 4 107L 2
Gov. Bndd, 4 99
Dunearven, a 110
Horse, age, weight.
St. Btd. V 4 Y» %
11112 12 13
6 6%. 6%. *»% 53
2 2% 313^3 2
4 4Ms 4 h 2h 21
6 5 1 5n- 7 7
■8»% vjy a 4^ 63
7 7 7 6 1 4h
888 8 8
Str. Fin.
13 12
32 22
4-4 :: li
2n 4 15'
7 SJA
6v» 6 2
8 % J.
8 8
H. Martin
Spencer
Thorpe
Mncklin
Smder
T. McHugh
Barrinper
Slaughter
Jockty.
op.
8-6
30
3
a
60
50
15
6
1
15
6
92
2^o
. 50
12
15
Carrie U, 4 97
Veragua, 4 106
Bad |start for all but
ac, 1:49.
'eragua. Won
br. g., by Inspector B- Piazza
440. BECOND
purse $350.
Horse, age, weight.
Va
422
481
422
325
353
433
368
Minnie Ccc, a..... 107
Scimitar, 4 109
Jack BlchPlleu,a.ll2
lenadty.4 109
Castanet le. 4. ...104
Boaarunner, 6 112
Jock,4 109
2
1
3
4
7
5
6
1 h
6Vi
4 %
7 - 3
2h
6h
5%
ii 4
4 1
\ %
2^
7
5h
13
I?
3 1
6 1
n
4 1
1 4
2%
33
44
6 h
64
7
I norpe
H. Martin
Spencer
VV. .Martin
Shepherd
7-2
5-5
10
4
SO
20
1-J
5
6-5
.10
7-2
1 60
" 80
20
Hennessy
Doggett..
Uood stirt.
Won easily.
Winner, U. A. HoniE's eh. m., by Plen l po- Jaconet.
Time, Ij3o.
44L THIRD
purse $50U.
Index.
Hone, age, weight.
s /i
Jockey.
(400)
418
368
359
. 389
Bucfcw*. 5
Whl Fortune, s.
2
3
4
1
5
In
4 2V
3 •*
24
6 .
1 1
43
32
23
5
12
46
2h
3%
5
13'
I?
21
43;
5 ,
111,*
2 2
3Mi
4 10
5
H. Martin
.Hennessey .....
slaughter
W. Martin.....;
Burllngame ....
1
6
4
2
15
4-5
. 7
.13-2
16-5
*00
ureynursc, a... 1
I Captive, 4 1
limp. Sain, 5...1
Good start. Won easily. Winner, E. \V. Purser's b. g., by Buckra- We- Wa. Time, 1:42.
442,
purse $400.
IDdex.
Tuxedo, 6 1
Gallant, 5 1
Imp Autonomy, 6 1
Broad Billow, 4.1
Malo Diablo, 5...1:
Brilliant. 6 1;
Horse, age, weight.
1
4
3
5
6
41
33
1 2
3 2
64
I
2
2
6
4 4 415 3 8
2h - i. 2 2 h
13 11 lh
3 4 3 2 4 15
510 510 610
6 |g 6
Fin.
I 2
26
3 10
44
ft 15
Kinney
Cairns.
Clancy
Stanford
Porteus
Merritt.
5
1 -
2
16
10
15
7-6
8-5
40
12
26
Good start. Won easily.
A. Burns' br. g.. by Begent-Raply. Time, 1
443. FIFTH
Horse, age, weight.
Fin.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
; 432
(364)
■ 416
431
(863)
415
348
204
KouiUsky, 4
Moba'aska. 4 91
Allahabad. 6
Banjo, a,
In. llb 1 mi, 4
Boreas, 5 ■
Can skcdauce, 5..
Clissie B, 4.
Duillo, 5
4
1
6
2
9
5
" 8
7
8
In
2 h '.'
83
32
9
ay,
6V4
7 V.
*Va
1 1
2 2
3h
6*4*
I*
8
8
12
24
43
3 2
", 61 '
iv%
61
1 8
9
12 .-.-
-26
3Vi
4 2 .
54
61
7 2
8 10
9
H. Martin
Slaughter
I bompson
Spencer
Frnwley
Thorpe
K. Isom.
Barringer
Snyder
5-2
1
16
16
30
10
10
15
50
8-5
J • 7-6
60
r 40
60
10
20
.. 15
600
a. c.,
Aa A bIXTH BACK— Three-quarters of a mile; selling; purse #4UO.
413
iDdex.
Horse, age, welnht Pt. 14
Preston, 5 109 1
Felxotio, 4 10a 4
SpM'Alliater.s.llll^ 3
Yemen, a 101 2
1 h
Vb
4
3h
1 h
22
•■?%■
: 4 -.
2 1
ah;
Fin.
11
21
V l '
W. Martin
Spencer.', a.....
D0geett... .....■;
H. Martin ......
Jockey.
■5
if)
4
6
2-5
SO
4
10
'"'36 i'
(367)
Good aturt.
easily. Winner, P. Uunue'.-*
,by
Auction Sales
UDUII ADfTHfI COIFAIf.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday January 36, 1897,
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
1057 MARKET STUKET, OPP. JONES.
A Complete Line of Par.or, Chamber and Dining-
room Jrurnlturej also an immense line of crock-
ery, Glassware and Hardware.
At 2p. if., Millinery Goods, Trimmings, Flow-
ers, Feathers. Velvets, Ribbons and Hair Goods.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
GROCERY AITTM
THIS DAY (TUESDAY), AT 1 1 A. M..
Corner Hayes and Devismiero S.s.
VARIETY STORE.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY). AT 8 P. M.,
337 Fifth Street, Near Folsoxn.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
602 Market Street,
the silversmith's and engraver's art. It is
the most beautiful trophy yet offered in
connection witn a race in this part of the
country, nnd is admired by all. The
Spreekela cup is down for decision in the
near future at Inpleside track.
The action of the California Jockey Club
in setting February 20 as the date for the
decision of the four-mile stake race, to be
decided at the Emeryville track, is shabby,
to say the least, yet perfectly in keeping
with the greedy, grasping policy of that
track. Some weeks ago the Ingleside man
agement, following the custom observed
by all first-class racing organizations, an
nounced that the four-mile stake event
would be decided on February 22. Wash
ington's birthday, thus affording the gen
eral public an opportunity of witnessing
the big race. Now at this late date comes
the ultimatum of the California Jockey
Club folks announcing that the long dis
tance affair on its calendar of events will
be run on February 20, just two days
prior to the Ingleside race. It looks lise
a bit of sharp practice on the part of the
people across the bay.
The Ingleside Association is boastine
over its card for Wednesday ("ladies'
day") and Secretary W. S. Leiike grows
jubilant at mention of it. Seldom has a
track in the West offered the public such
an excellent programme of events, all at
distances of a mile or over. The idea of
getting up such a card originated with
Ingleside's energetic and hard-working
secretary ana Mr. Leake is entitled to
much credit for doing away with the
"short-bred" distances that have such
little charms for patrons of the turf.
Wednesday bids fair to be a banner day at
the local track.
Collins, winner of the opening race, has
undergone the operation of nerving and
altogether is a pretty bad cripple.
"Curly" Shields says he thinks a hoodoo
hovers over his brown colt Scimitar. He
is an uncertain performer and has cost hts
owner many losing bets.
Captive didn't appear to be up to much
yesterday. He must have been sadly out
of form to liave been beaten so badly in
the ordinary time of 1:42 for the mile.
In a letter received by a turfman in this
City recently the news was conveyed that
the pooling privileges for the Montana
circuit will be controlled the coming sea
son by Ed Tipton.
Secretary Leake of the Ingleside asso
ciation is in receipt of a letter from
Colonel Sanders D. Bruce, in which that
gentleman states that tue Jockey Club
does not and never will own the Stud
Book. The Turf, Field and Farm of Janu
ary 8 also publishes the followlnsr im
portant notice to breeders from the pen of
Colonel Bruce:
Lear Sir: I desire to call your attention to
the following no.ice from E. C. Hopper, secre
tary of the American Turf Congress: "All
horses will have to be registered in Bruce's
American Stud Book before they will be per
mitted to start on Turf Congress tracks."
No foals of 1896 reported to the Jockey Club
and paid for to them hrve been reported to I
me, notwithstanding I have irequently re- |
quested them to do so and to pay over to me
one-half of the registration fees in accordance
with the agreement between me and the lockey
club.
Reports to the Jockey Club were made at my
request by circular issued in compliance with
that agreement with the understanding that
the payment of the registration fee of $2 per
head for native and !£3 for imported horses
would insure entry in the Stud Book and half
the fees would be paid to me for such entry.
As the Turf Congress rules require reg
istration in the Stud Book before a horse can
race on Turf Congress tracks the action
of the Jockey Club as &Dove stated there
fore disqualifies ail the foals of 1896 re
ported to them from racing on Turf Con
gress tracks, and disqualifies as well the
foals of other years reported to them and
not registered in the Stud Boot;. If, therefore,
you desire your foals registeied in the Stud
Book, it will be necessary for you to send me
a duplicate report for 1896, stating also such
mares as were barren, slipped foals and
were not bred in 1896 to make the record
complete. The Jockey Club has been paid $2
and $5 respectively for native and imported
horses, and by virtue of my agreement with
the Jockey Club entitles them to registry in
the Stud Book witnout additional charges to
the breeder. The rules rrohiDlt the repetition
of names, except by the addition of a numeral'
and claims tor names will be registered in order
of priority. By the withholding ot the foals
of 1896 the compilation of volume VII of the
Stud Book has also been greatly delayed.
P. J. BARTH, AUCTIONEER.
FINE ART GOODS AND CURIOS
THIS DAY.
Tuesday .....January 20, 1897,
At 2 o'clock p. M. at , .
414 MoAUis ©r Street
By order of Mrs. Milne 1 will sell without reserve
the above large and lire collection of bnc-a-br;ic,
consisting In part of Choice Pieces in Real .Bronze,
Fine Mantel Clocks In Onyx and Bronze with
Ornaments. Cine Bisque Plaques and .-tf.t nary.
Elegant Screens, A ntique V«- ps and Curio*. Carved
Ivory and many other articles. This collect! >n
represents goods from all i arts of me world, are
new and In perfect, condition.
Note— Tins will be a raw chance for curio
seekers. Chairs have been provided for ladies.
; ;. .P. J. BaKTH, Auctioneer.
Blanks for reports will be furinished on appli
cation, and it is urgent that you snouid give
this your immediate attention in order that
your stock may be properly registered ami the
next volume of the Stud Book be as complete
as its predecessors. All new brood mares must
be registered as such, and the fee for registry is
$2 per head, for native and $spTheadfor
imported brood mares and $5 per head lor
stallions imported for breeding purposes,
vriiich must accompany the application. This
is necessary In order that the produce of
mares may be properly arranged under them.
Sires must also be registered, except wheu
they appeal- tinder their dams as produce. In
reporting new mures and sanil ion • give breed*
ing, so as to avoid mistake which might result
when there should happen to be more thin
one animal of the same name, and in report
ing foals be particular to give marks, color
and sex. S. D. Bruce.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
357 Tryst 99i 244 Je*abel (for
-Bf)6 Masoera 116 merly imp. Sar
-421 Sir Kichard....l42i donvx filly 99
Tuiare 101! 492 Auquom 99
412 ssnowdown. . . . 1 :-! 6 , 233 Nebula 99
292 Dutch Va1et.. ..10-1
Second race, three-eighths of a mile, two-year
olds.
4L'B calesta X 105 411 On Gna Xlta. ..105
Josle D fi11y.... 112 Moreilito 115
Free Liidy 112 Tom spencer. ..115
Knmmel lia! 411 Die of i-lauderi.loß
Don Luis 116!(411) Dkeof Vorlc II.IIH
Old Jack I]*|
Third race, thirteen-six;< entln of a mite.
(432) Bernardillo 04, 435 David 107
(i 6) Califoruia 105 (343) Libertine 117
230 Tha Drag0n... .107, 93 Miss Ban 102
35J Zamar IL lOi '(43i) Yankee Doodle 107
(412) terrier 110, 196 Geyser lU4
Fourth rare, one mille, selling.
48Eue.no 97 Jane Andrews . 91)
407 formal 108 354 Judge Denny. .loo
(4: j .2)Cabrlllo 104 (434) Lober.gula 106
4U3 Personne H5 426 Key del Tlerra. 85
(422) Olive \ 95; 42J McLlght 100
(416) 1 ouble Quick.. 100
Fifth race, one mile, pane.
337 Addle BuchnanlUO! 425 Applause 107
Tr achery 105J Instaliatrix 90
421 Argentina 115
Sixth race, three-quarters of a mile, selling.
(344) The Sinner. ...IJI (339) Hood Times... 124
427 Basqull 104' 428 Potentate 142
422 L.a»t Chance. ..139; 430 Mercutio 104
414 Detective 119: 437 infUmina'.or. ..lL'4
427 Phillip H 107] 426 Manchester 142
SELECTION J FO>i XO-DAT.
First race — Tryat, Anquorn, Nebula.
Second race — No selections
ihlrd race — Ferrier, David, Libertine.
Fourth race — Formal, SlcLight, Ca
brillo.
Fifth race — Applause, Argentina, Ad
die Buchanan.
Sixth pace— Good Times, Basquil, The
Sinner.
DR. ALGER COMING.
Berkeley Unitarians Have Secured the
Noted Boston Divine for a Period
of Four Months.
BERKELEY, CAL.Jan. 25.— The Uni
tarian Society of Berkeley, which has been
without a regular pastor since the first of
the year, decided to send a call *.o Rev. Dr.
William Alger of Boston, the eminent lec
| turer and divine, who has already signi
fied nis willingness to fill the Berkeley
pulp;t for a period of four month*. Dr.
Al#er will arrive on February 28, and will
at once assume the duties of the church.
It is possible that arrangements can be
made whereby the pastor can be induced
to remain in Berkeley permanently.
Dr Alger is an author and lecturer of
National repute and Is spoken of as one
of the great preachers of the country. He
is tne author of "A History of Immortal
ity" and several other well-known oooks.
The new pastor is familiar to many Berke
ieyans, having been here a little over
three years a.sro, when he preached to the
Unitarian Society for several weeks. He
was the missionary of the National Uni
tarian Association at the time of the or
ganization of the Berkeley cnurch.
A Lively < hate.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 25.— Special
Officer Cory had a peculiar experience
with one Charles Vino of Oakland yester
day, in which a footrace was a feature.
Vino fired a shotgun in an orchard near
tlie center of town, which attracted the
attention of the officer. While in pursuit
of the firearms ordinance violator Cory
inadvertently showed his star. Upon
seeine it Vino set op a hot sprint, fol
lowed by the officer. They ran tor a mile
or more, when Vino lost a shoe and was
forced to give up the chase. The spec
tacle of the officer chasing a shoeless vic
tim, elicited much attention along the
route of travel.
Supposed to Be Lost.
BERKELEY, Cau, Jan. 25.— John Mo-
Closkev, a lad of 14 years, whose home is
at 431 Linden avenue, San Francisco, hag
been missing since yesterday. Word was
received to-day by Marshal Lloyd to the
effect that the lad was supposed to be in
Berkeley. When he lefi home the boy
was well dressed and had money with
him. He was in the best of humor at the
time, and as be bad never before gone
away without the knowledge of his family,
bis disappearance is regarded with much
anxiety.
Football Captain Election.
BERKELEY, Oau, Jan. 25.— The elec
tion of .Berkeley's football captain for the
season of ' 97 will take place next Satur
day afternoon. For the place there hare
been mentioned the names of Garr, Hall
and Haskeil.
DEMOCEATIO DELEGATES.
They Will Serve in the Convention to
Be Held Thursday veiling.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. ; 26.— Demo
cratic City Central Committee met to
night and appointed the following dele
gates to serve in the convention to meet
next Thursday night, January 28:
•First Ward— J. Healy, Francis Brown, R.
Wallace, Thomas Cluaie, Joan McNamara, P.
Murphy, James Powers, J. H. Higgins, F. W.
Leonhardr, P. Healy, H. Smith.
Second Ward— E. , J. Erickson, J. A. Foster,
W. F. Oliver, James Holmes, J. Doran, W. J.
Smythe, William Drum, Thomas Garrity, P.
Cavanaugh, N. Gallagher.
Third Ward— Goodsell, W. B. White, E. 1
Benoison, A. T. McDonough, J. B. Carrington,
T. C. Cooiran, W. E. Cowling, W. E. McDon
ougb, J. McCarthy, L. F. Hickey and F. J.
Moffitt.
Fourth Ward— C. M. Logan, F. Lynch, T. J.
Hopkins, M. J. Holland, M. Hennings, W. P.
Ryan, Jpmes Neylan, E. J. Duffy, M. A. Byrne,
P. Gallagher and P. A. Cox. • . ■
Fifth Ward— C. H. Loveil, C. H. Abbott, P. R.
Weston, C. McCleverty, H. Haight, Charles
Egbert, J. W. Moss, A. Fibush, J. M. English,
W. H. High, R. M. Fitzgerald. -
Sixth Ward— McGiveney, P. Fiberling,
M. Duddy, J. R. Glascock, F. Bachrach, P. E.
Pal ton, James- Stanley, Thomas White, W.
Kennedy, P. J. Desmond, James Gilllgau.
Seventh Ward— Dr. J. H. Shannon, A. J.
Smithson, James Mulgrew, C. A. Klose, B. J.
Stokes, G. T. Thompson, M. Sullivan, F. Peters,
V. Girlardin, M. Callahan.
« — « «
" A giant sewing machine has been fin
ished at Leeds. The machine, which is to
be used for., attaching cotton belting,
.weighs five and a quarter tons.
Y*~lbL " r * Gibbon's Dispensary,
>6«»«SteM®-'"> KKAK >''^T. Established
H«iß**3s» in 1854 for the treatment of Private
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABXTKT. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
fH^^wSfc disease wearing ou bodyand mind and
W«*f>a Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheu
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cnreanaranlrfd. Callorwrlta.
fir. J. F. UIBBON. Bos 1957. San Fraud**
1112
SHOT HIMSELF
OVER THE HEART
C. C. Nordhausen, an Oak
land Merchant, Has a
Narrow Escape.
There Is a Likelihood the Patient
Will Recover at St.
Luke's.
An E rly Mornin? Tragedy in the
Baldwin Hot.-l After a Pro
traded Debauch
C. C. Nordhausen, a guest at the Bald
win Hotel, touched the button yesterday
morning, and wben J. J). Pettit, a bellboy,
responded, informed nim in a matter-of
fact way:
"I want to go to St. Luke's Hospital."
The lad found the guest disheveled and
blear-eyed, lying on a lounge, his clothing
C C NORDHAUSEN.
charred as if by some application of a hot
iron or coal.
"Are you ill?"
"No; not very. I only shot myself, acci
dentally."
That was enough for the boy. He rani
as he never did before, and, while still out
of breath, he reached the cffi:B with the
ttartlinjr announcement that:
"Dere's a man what shot hisself up
stairs, and he wants to go toder hospital.'-
Manager Lake proceeded to the guest's
room, where he was joined by Dr. Tavlor,
who Hves in the house, and for whom he
had sent.
Nordhausen was suffering greatly, but |
refused all assistance,
A gasjet, unliKhteJ, was found to be j
turned on, emitting its deadly fluid, and. j
when his attention was called to it and it j
was turned off, he said:
''I don't care; let it aione."
The man had apparently endeavored to
commit suicide. He had been drinking
heavily since Saturday night, when he
registered at the hotel. His haunts had
been those of the tenderloin, where back
rooms abound, and when he returned to
his apartment at an early hour Sunday
morning he was very much the worse for
bis many libations.
During Sunday he repeatedly rang up
belltoys, who furnished him with more
liquor as he ordered it. His head was
bandaged in a manner that showel he
bad been his own attendant, and now it is
assumed that the ugly gash under the
towel was caused by a bullet he intended
to be a messenger of death.
The hotel people discovered an exploded
cartridge in the bathroom, and there was
another in the revolver which Nordhau-en
handed over, showing that two shots had
been tared. The second, and main wound,
was found about an inch above tne left
nipple, the bullet ranging inwurd to the
ribs and. around to the bark, where Dr.
Armstead of St. Luke's Hospital found it
under the skin.
The Baldwin people wired to Mrs. Nord
nausen at 1322 Adeline street, Oakland,
the wile of tne wounded man, and she
reached the hospital yesterday afternoon
with ncr nephew, C, J. Heesmean, who,
with his ur.ci»\ nas been in the clothing
business at 1051 Broadway, Oakland.
Neither of the relatives could under
stand the cause of the man's rash act,
and, although the physicians declare there
is hardly any dancerof his death from the
wound inflicted, they gave strict instruc
tions that he should not be seen by any
strangers.
Scout the Idea of Suicide.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 25.— Mrs. Nord
hausen and Charles Heeseman, nephew of
C. C. Nonihausen, returned home to-night
after Visiting St. Luke 1 * Hospital.
"The stories of attempted buicide are
absolutely without foundation," said Mr.
Heeseman to-night. "Mr. Nordhau sen
went to San Francisco Saturday to meet a
party that was to accompany him to
Eandsburg, where he was to have gone
to-day. He only returned from Rands
bnrg last week, where he has a large busi
ness interest, which has proved a very
Buccessiul venture. He was to return to
day and was at the Baldwin, where he
always stays when across the bay. I saw
him and talked a long time with him to
day, and he assured me that he bad no in
tention whatever of taking his life. He is
a stranger to firearms and never carried
them in his life till he went to Randsburg.
•'His financial standing is good, and his
home relations are the most pleasant, and
1 am convinced that the whole affair was
an accident. It is only a flesh wound, and
had he contemplated suicide he would
never have inflicted such a wound as ho
is suffering from. The proprietor of the
Baldwin Hotel assured rue that there is
not a particle of truth in the story that
the gas in (ii« room was turned on."
C. C. Nordhausen is one of the most
acdve business men in this City and a
director of the Board of Trade.
He came to this city from the South in
1876, and two years later he and his
brother, Ernest A. Nordhausen, opened a
email store on Broadway, between Fifth
and Sixth streets, which they conducted
until 1885, when they moved to Eleventh
street and Broadway. This latter store is
Btill conducted by a nephew, Charles F.
Heeseman.
When Ernest Nordhauson died last
April Charles fell beir to part of his sav
ings, and in October he sold the store to
his nephew and retired Jrom basine-s.
During the summer, however, he had
taken a trip to Europe and through the
j East. Ii is estimated that he is worth
about $75,000.
Tne Reliance building on San Pable ay
! anue and Seventeenth stiryt was the joint
property of tue two biotuers. Besides a
wife Mr. Xordhausen has lour children,
the oldest about 15 years.
Mr. Mordbausen was public spirited,
taking great interest in every project ad
vanced for the city's interest, and alto
gether was one of the most popular mer
chants on Broadway.
£8 AUTHOEITY ON fISHES-
Professor Gilbert of Stanford Will Ad
dress the l-'ly-i asting Club.
Professor Gilbert, of the Stanford Uni
versity will address the members of the
Fly-casting Clud this evening, and his
subject will be the salmon and trout of
the Pacific Coast. The meeting will be
held in the office of tlie Fish Commission,
Flood buildintr, and all anelers interested
in matters piscatorial are invited. Pro
fessor Gilbert ranks next to Professor
Starr Jordan as the leading authority of
ihi« country on ail questions tnat pertain
to fishes.
CHKISTIAN ATHLETES
Newly Elected Officers of the Young
Men's Triangle -wimming Club.
The semi-annual election of officers of
the Triangle Swimming Club of the
Young Men's Christian Association re
sulted as follows: Captain, J. A. Geddes;
first lieutenant, 'S. McDougall; second
lieutenant, John A. Jackson; secretary,
F. D. Morrell; treasurer, G. D. Klarman.
Dr. H. L. Dieiz was elected starter and G.
D. Klarman timekeeper. A reception will
be tendered to Howard t\ Brewer, the re
tired captain, on the evening of February
2. prior to his departure to the East, and
to H. Searle Rountree, who will soon jour
ney to Mexico.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
ORAND HOTEU
Mrs A Brown, Oakland w Hopkins <6 wf.Mlnapls
C a Tripp, Denver C de H Brunnell, R I
B H Hlggins. New York J M Robinson, I klah
E M Marnion. Los Ang X T Devlin, Sacramento
j B M Woodhuil. Stockton X D Rosenbaum. Stoktn
! B Burke. J H Klein, Alameda
I W T McNeil, Spokane Mrs O D Barret, Seattle
j O M Kins, Mass PtCßttn tfaalin, Greenwd
C Wfrngren, I ortland C L-uritzieu. Holllster
I T A Gould, Uollister M A Judge, HollMer
j JSPendl. !on,.Newßriton E Wet more, s-an Jose
I J J EisenberK, Los Ang v%' X Peck, Santa Crus
j E G Green, Santa Cruz J A Moore, Coius*
i T R Wood son, Colu^a B M Kosenberg. Ukiah
I E M Horton, Vt J' hn Coombs. Or
D P Dnrst, Wheatland G D P.ato, Modesto
H Hndepobl, butch Flat A E Corgell. New York
M N .net. ate, New York Gilbert Rayburn, Pleastn
T M B ack. i.os Ang J H Leonard. Pleasanton
a Turner, Mode-- to V \V Cook, Cal
! F M iowne. San Bern<io Miss C Towne, Petaluma
MissßKh;zenharb. • akl W Parks, Gonzales
i C KncKson, sl, obWpo W B Rucker, Han Jose
i Dr <fc Mrs T Flint, S Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
D A Wilfeins, Chiraso F D Heffron. N V
J Crane Jr, Boutou F Poolen <£ wf, lowa
L D - miih, Oakland A H Bray ton, Oakland
I W Ott, Cnicago a Graham A w, Emerson
c 8 Pltclier, Stanford Mraß R Bonestell.Palo A
F Wright, Belmoiu C A Gascomb, N V
H L Tucker, Chicago D J Bonsrield. Nev
W Sie^. Milwaukee c fc While, Milwaukee
W J Burke. San Jo.se « P Posenbanm.Stockton
J Hendry, Vancouver Z G Goldbenc. BC
J C Maclnre, B C Mrs T J Newiund, Wash
U Ntwland, Wash D F Warnock, Chicago
L Henry, Ireland D sHsrk, N V
M Walker & w, Utah W H .Maloney Jr, H V
Miss 1 .Maloney, N V L W Blinn & w, 1 os Anj
a Palmquist, Sweden Mrs J Gaiber, Berkeley
Miss Oiarber, Berkeley W C Hunter, Chicago
I N Van Meys, Los Ang J P Watson. Portland
L Kander, NY C F Aaron, N V
\V n Baker & w. Or T ('odonan, London
Mis* H Pi cher, 1. Ang H C Moore, *an Jose
W M oir, ban Jose
LICK ROUSE.
\VH Dcvi in. Sacra men to H E Picket, Placervllle
J S Koeber. Seattle C C Sharp. Fresno
J 11 Masterson. Cal P W Murphy, s L Obisno I
D R Cameron. Hanford O Groenowy&w.Portlana
J C Ward, Visalia X Can;jer. \Valia
jK C X lbo-irne. Seattle E L Smith, Merced
N X de Yoe, Mouesto Rev \V McNulty, N J
; F Hnnter&w.S.in Rafa-1 J W Wilson, Sacramento
1 J Brown, Denver J a Shinn, Di nver
A C Beqnette, Forest H Geo Johnston, Cal
O W 1 leld, Cal W R Caruthers, S Rosa
Miss C L Carter. N J John F Delass, N V
| Dr A C Henderson, N V C V Sheldon, Milwaukee
L C (Juno, Index M McNamura, Wash
Geo Steward, Idaho C It Tlllson iiv, .Modesto
Cbas J Woo-ls.Dav:sville S B Woods, Davisville
Kate F fiowam.Wai Cr X Summers, San Jose
R O Summers, San Jose ike Levy, Lower Lake
FB Kingston. S Clara J W Smith, Stockton
NKW WESTKRN HOTEL.
H W Hlnes, Pa«o Robles G H Bast, Chicago
T A Ber;in, Buffalo O L, Wedekind, -cattle
M C Mor^aun;, Los Ang \ N Hau>mersley. sarto
J Peierson, Petaluma H (•sotlmm & w, Mt Klsco
L X Beale & w .Md Ldge J Bllcentderfer, Co.o
W H Mmoi-1, San Jose C J Bang <fe w. Salt Lake
W J W'-mple. Chicago X H Hanay, Rodeo, kai
MrsHarri.'gion <t J,Mlcli MI-s D Hreen, Los Ang
! Miss B .-mitli, Los Ang Miss E llollins, N V
BALDWIN MOTEL.
G J Kranlr, San Jose E M Suits. San Jose
J H Le moire, S LU J H Ames, Oakland
I H spring, San Jose Jlrj J « Lewis, Solsun
a Johnson <fe w, N V B Smith, N V
G a Cheney. X V Misi Williams. N V
W h Pt burn, Salinas F A Jones, St Paul
C H Vanuenren, 5J C htckeao*. St Paul
H Pyrne, \ J FA Miller, St Louis
X T Harris N V
NOTICE OF - MEETINGS.^
■tSsSP GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30, ||~"
Bt-iS' F. and A. M Called meeting; THIS JV
(TUESDAY) EVENING, January 26,^ _f
at 7:30 o'clock. D. 3. • VVN
; -■-.■"." GEORGE J.HOBK, Secretary.
R_S» OKIEN lAL LODoIK NO. 144. F. ■
Br—^ and A. M.— Third degreee- THIS •JV
(TUESDAY) KVKNINfi at 7:30 o'clock. TkJT
' A. lIUBBARI/. Secretary. /^T^ I
■T^=» OFFICERS oh AlAS>Nlc; LODGES JT~~
Wt~& of this city are notified to - attend £\
a Lodge of Instruction at B. B. Hull, Tills IK _f
EVENING, 7:3o o'clock, 121 KdQy st. ■ /^rN
, v>. H. EDWARDS, Grand Lecturer.
; XT^ 5 " UNITY ENCAMPMENT No. 26, ft -•_•
1 S^*" I. O. 0.F.. meets TO-NIGHT.. In*\y*
stallatlon of officers . ' /x
.. , : - W.H.BLUNDKN, Scribe, \
»^g» !-OL"L«BV CONSOLIDATED GOLD
w-^ Mining Company— Not cc is hereby given
! that the regular annual . mcc Ing of lie stock-
bo ders of the above company w II be held at their
; office, room 7. Mills building. Ban Francisco, Cal.,
| on WEDNESDAY. February 3,1897. '
: „ . EDWARD W.'HEBARD, Secretary.
IfS-fe-- -•■! ASiONIC CEMETERY' ASSOCIATION—
&-». The annual ~ meeting of lot-owners in the
Masonic Cemetery will be held M the Masonic
Temp.eon TUfa>DAY AFTERNOON, February
2, 1«97, at '2, o'clock, for the election of. three
trustees and such business as may legally come
* before lv ■■• UEO. J. HOBE, secretary.
THB SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 2S, 1897.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continned.
9525* THE REGULAR. ANNUAL MEETING
wPJSr of the stockholder* of the National Ice Com-
pany will be had at the office of the company, 327
Market St.. San Francisco, Cal., on WEDNES-
DAY, the 3d day of February, 1897, at th- hour of
11 o'clock a. m., for th • purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing year
ant) the transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. T. DOXAHUK, Secretary.
Office 327 Market st., san Francisco, Cal.
~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
BtT*= BAD TENANT* EJECTED FOR **:
&*& collections made, clt^ or country. Paclaa
< oll^rtion Co.. 415 jiontgy.st..".inonid T»l. 5580.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEBIAXE.
GERMAN WOMAN DESIRKS A SITUATION
VJ in small family; cookln* and housework. 1
Hollis St., bet. Ellis and O'Farrell, Buchanan and
Webster.
IDDLK-AGKD GERMAN W< MAN WISHES
situation todo housework and plum cooking.
818y^ Geary su. Saratoga court, flat 4.
VV OMAN WIbHES SITUATION: THOR-
"' onghly understands cookine and ceueral
housework; wages 10. 924 Washington su, near
Powell. ' -
I*. ANTI'-D— POSITION TO DO GENERAL
*» housework and cooking, or chamber work.
221 Fifth st.
W ANTED— PLACE IN A PRJ VATE FAMILY
»» by ?ood woman; is a good cook; no postals.
Call 1205 Laguna su - - :
AN, WIFE AND CHILL) WAST, 1 OR 2
rooms in rooming-house, where wife can wont
for ren;. H. S., box 3. fall.
yOUSG GIRL WOUuDvLIKE'SITUATION TO
X assist in housework or mind children. Call or
address 222 Francisco su, brunch bakery.
Y OUNG GIRL, 15 YEARS OLD,' WISH
1 pace In nice American family <o take cure If
baby. Call 233 Minna st.. bet. Third and Fourth.
WANTED— SITUATION TO DO WASHING
TV and cleaning house. 1205 Stelner at., upstairs.
U,' ANTED —Si 1 UATIUN AS CHAM BE R-
»» maid by a young Swedish girl. Apply 225
Perry st., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
DRi. S:\MAKER WISHEb PLAIN SEWING
for store work. 27 Perry st.
IRL WISHES A SITUATION TO _O COOK-
ing and general housework; referen 1
South Park. :" "; '
TWO YOUNG GIRLS WOULD LIKE TO
X either lake care of children or do light house-
work; wages $10 and $12. Address 422 Perry su
WOMAN WANTS' TO DO HuLS.WO.K
»» and washing: $1 a day and canwre. Address
S. B. C, box 44, Call Office.
you.NG LADY WISSHIiS POSITION AS
X seamstress in private tamllv: uo objection to
assisting in upstairs work. 4U9 Haight st., corner
Of -ill! more.
J\T ANTED— WORK BY THK DAY: WABH-
Vt lug or housecleaning. 243 Natouia st.
YOUNU WOMAN WISH i- S A SITUATION
as second girl or light honsewor-'; no wash-
Ing. Call 777 Market st. '.-:'' :
ANTED— BY AN AMEKIOaN WOMAN,
'» middle-aged, unlncumoereJ, a good nurse
for invalid, lady or gentleman; is a good cook and
housekeeper; wages reasonable; 1 or 2 in family;
capaDle of taking full charge; best of city reter-
ences. X., box 1, Call office. •
SINGLE WOMAN, FIRST-CLASS COOK,
O ants place as housekeeper or cook. Address
406 ■• asou at. .
V Of NO, AMBITIOUS GIRL WOULD LIKE
X position in any kind of office: understands
typewriting, hor:hanil ana boo\Keeplng; $3 per
week. Address S. N., box «3, ' all. :;
%V ANTED— A POSITION BY A STEADY, BE-
'» spectuble woman to do light housework or
take full charge of children. Call at 504 Greenwich
St., near Dupout. ■'.
\TEaT oW_DISH GIRL WISHES POSITION
— 1 to do general housework In a private lamily:
wages $.0. Please vail at 435 Natoma si., be. ween
Fifth and S.xth.
/1 OOD. WILLING Gli L WOULD LIKE A PO-
vJT sition; no housework. Address A. C, box 59,
this oflic-.
V*/ A.xTED— BY AN r.LUKKLY WOMAN, A
»* place todo housekeeping ior»n elderly couple;
will also do general liouae»or»: is a good plain
cook; steady and reliable. 225 Minna at.
"\roUNG GIRL .vISH.-.S A PLACE TO DO
j X housework: -leep bo_e. 204 1/3 Fifth st.
RtB.-,JI->KKH WIaHES TO~"hO OUT SEW-
ing in families by the day. $1. 214 Golden
Oa'.e aye.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS SITUa-
V tion; is good cook; will do housework. Apply
2-7 Hayes St.
SITUATION WANTED BY A EAT AND WlLL-
ing young gin to do general housework wages
$15 to $20. M. H., box 4i. Call. .
I situation WANTED by YOUNG WOMAN
kJ cooking and housework in American family;
best city reference, Apply 141 3V^ Sacramento st.
j ANTED— SHU ATION GENERAL HOUSK-
! »* work and conking by competent young girl;
920. call or address V. J. F.. 246 Oak st.
/~IOMPET£.NT, TRUSTWORTHY WO MAN
V, wishes to do washing, Ironinic, cooktnx or
housecleaning by the day; best reference. MRS.
M. CURTIS, 3367 Twenty-sixth, near .Mission.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES SI IUATION TO DO
X ligiil housework ; nice fatal. y: wages (10; no
oos : .a s. 1106 Alabama st., bet. Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth.
VL' OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
" » washing, ironing or cleaning. 3350 Twenty-
sixth su, corner Capp.
ANTED— POSITION as COMPANION;
wll assist with children; can give satisfactory
references. Address B, box 7, call Office, Oak-
land.
YOUNG WOMAN WANT* WORK BY THE
X day, washing and house-cleaning; $1 10 a day.
Address 16 Rincon aye.
L'bPbNDr.RS AND MUFFLKKS EMBROID-
bUSPr.NDr.RSA.Ni> MUFFLI- ,KS KMBKOID-
er«d by widow; 10 to 5 only. 1007 Market, r. 7.
ITUATION wanted to do general
honsework In small family by neat, active,
elderly woman; good cook: city or country. Call
or address A. B. C, box 121, CalL
DEFINED ENGLISH WIDOW: >UXMI NA-
XV ture; experienced housekeeper: good cook; for
widower; country preferred. 989 Howard st. , cor.
Sixth, room 28, s;cond floor, front.
p ERMAN WIDOW WITHOUT CHILDREN
yJ wants a position; can cook, wash, iron, good.
213 Perry kt.
respectable GIRL wishes situation
XV at upstairs work and waiting at table. P., box
.43, this office.
T)EFINJ£D YOUNG LADY Di^SlßiiS A POM-
XV tion: is a good housekeeper. 157 Seventh su.
room 10, second floor.
A' OUNG GERMAN GIKL DESIRES A PLACE
X to do light housework or mind baby. 221 Fill,
more St., near Haieht.
SPANISH YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKK A
O situation in hotel or lodging-house. 1)., box
133, Call Office.
(COMPETENT WOMAN DESIRES WASHING
-■ or any i .id of housework: terms $1 per day.
Address X., box 11, all office.
OMAN WANTS M. .N'.s WASHING AND
mending; also plain washing. Apply 211 Na-
toma st.
< ' OOi) FRENCH COOK WISHES POSITION*
I VJ as housekeeper in widow's family or cook In
pi ivate house. 10 Hanover place, off Sacramento
I B*., dpi. Powell and Mason.
"LUkST-CLaSS EASTERN DRESSMAKER
X I -wishes a few families to sew for; *1 60 per aay ;
best of reterencps. Address M. A., 915 Polk st.
OU.N(4 WIDOW WANT* GENTLEMEN'S
mending at home. 106 Fourth st., room 2.
T>ESP_CTABLji W MAN WANTS WORK
Xt by the day: washing tracing or cleaning.
8350 Twenty-sixth »l, cor. Capp. ■. 
.ATTRACTIVE YOUNG WIDOW, UNINCLM-
XV bered, desires place at working housekeeper.
122 Post St., room 2. /
A cco.mpj ished YOUNG LADY WANTS to
A secure a place as housekeeper: bachelor's or
widower's home. Room 2. 223 Post
yOUSO WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
X as housekeeper; city or country. Call 144
Fifth St., room 6.
"TTIXPi.RIE.NCKD HODMtKKU'fcK (WIDOW)
Hi wants work In widower's or bachelor's house-
hold; country preferred. 88 Ninth St., room 17;
hours, 11 a. if. to 9 p. m. v -
ADY EXPERIENCED IN MANAGING
hotel or lodginc-bou-e desires a position In
same. Apply 1148 Suiter st. " .
INCHESTKR HOLSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Mar :<H; 200 rooms -oc 10 Sl 50 per night;
$1 50 to f(J per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and bazgage to and from the terry.
ANT ADS AND SUB-CRIPTI' FOR
Thk Cai.li are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s s.
ÜBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st.;
open until 9 :3 J o'clock.
W COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MlS-
sion; branch office of Th- ; Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken. • ■■
710 LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
I JO CA l L: mhsi rhrions »-i ' want ad < taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
HU N TER~&^J6.T^ H INKBK Tn 1) JaPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb St., below
Kearney, nr.Cal.: teUtrjuta 231.. W.C. Y0UNG, m«r
APA.NEBK I.\'L>.LLIGh.NOtS AGENCY. R.
t) 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.: tel .vain 5234.
CililNEbK & JAPAivi-ftE; KST'D 20 YKAitS;
/>help: tel. main 1997. BRADLEY ikC«J.'.64O Clay
/CHINESE AND JAPaNE^K EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 41U/i O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
OOK (ALL-ROUNi. . oOARDING-HOUSE)
wants work: pood biker: city or out. . E. BUR-
KELLS. 5- secon.i sl., room 31. v * ; •""■ ''■""•: . ~ r _-<
ETENT MAN TO -CARE AND DRIVE
hors<*; n<iod plain gardener: can mil bandy
with tools: best of references. Address Garden,
box 78, all. = . , _,
WANTKD — POSH lON AS I BARTENDKR:.
■ references * and ■ 2 - years' - experience. . Bar*
tender, box 86, Call. : .:, ...-,■... . : .
ITUATION. WAN i BY YOUNG BOY OF
13 years speaks Englisn and French. Aa-
dress M., box 104, call. . ■
Young
PITrATIONS WANTED— Contlnnert.
BAKER FOREMAN (GERMAN), FlRST-
class on breaa or bread and cakes, wants situa-
tion; city • or. country 19 Zoe St., between Third
and Fourth, near Bryant ■
ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
man) as dishwasher, to assist In cooking, wait-
Ing or other work ; city or country. Please address J
H. MILLER, 631 Sacramento street, room 15.
TAPANE E DAY • WORKER — WINDOWS
tl washed, house cleaned, washing done, etc; first-
class wow guaranteed. KUM.iA, 1116 Mission st.
AMERICAN YOUNG MAN WISHES POSI-
A tion to do kitchen work or pantry work; refer-
ence, - tail or address 967 Mist ion st. - ■
TRUNG BOY, 17 VEuKSOF AGE, WISHES A
situation of any kind; willing to work. J.
WOLFF, 402y 3 Grove St. -
W ANTED — JIIDDLK - AGED AMERICAN,
»» with references, wan s situation as gardener
and general work about private place: horses, cow;
handy with tools; moil crate wages. Address Will-
Ing, box 119, Call Office.
"youNG .man wants position as dki-
X ver for baker's wagon: good references; country
preferred. W. 8., Posh flice, Alameda. v
TEADY, RELIABLE SCANDINAVIAN
wants work of any kind; can dive and care
for horses. D. F., box 13., Call office.
T> UTCHER WANTS WORK; CITY OR COUN-
X> try: good reference. Address A. 8.,b0x 43,
C. 11 Office. . ;
\\! ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GER-
• » man) as dishwasher, assist in cooking, waiting
or other work: city or country. Please address
H. MILLER. 631 Sacramento at., room 1"'.
pOACHMAN, COMPEIENT, STEADY AND
VJ careful driver; thoroughly understands his
business In all Its branches: experienced in train-
ing young horses. Coachman, box 41, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED B"Y SWEDISH
0 coachman In private family: city: good horse-
man anil houseworker; careful driver; knows the
care of finest carriages and harness: willing and
obliging: four years with one lamily; best ref-
erence. D., box 160, this oflice.
I EXPERIENCED ELEVATOR--IAN WOULD
J {••■ pcsltiou; good references. J. 8., box 43,
Call Office. - ■
XPEKIKJN'CED SALESMAN AND BOOK-
keeper, possessing knowlfd^e of German, de-
sires situation in city or out of town. Salesman,
box 2, CalL . -■ ■ -
V YOUNG GERMAN, POSITION AS CLERK
In cash grocery; have had some experience:
object, future partnership. Address G. C. , box 52,
Call office.
YOUNG BUY WHO UNDERSTANDS PLAIN
1 cooking ana waiting (sood speaker) wants per-
manent position as schoo'.boy: city. Address
JAPANESE PETER, 1909 Flllmora st.
TJIXPERIENCKD MAN WANTS TO RAISE
Hi and can beiries on shares. S., box 7, Call.
OBKR. YOUNG MARRIED MAN, WITH
O best of reierenc-es. wishes employment as
teams er or any other work; city, or country.
S. V.. box 76. Call Office.
\'OUNG MAN .-» PEAKING GERMAN AND
1 English, hnndy with tools, a good driver, well
acquainted, wishes a situation. Address A. R., |
box 14. Ca 1 Office. ' " ' :
W^ ANTED — MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN
" with references wants situation as gardener
and genera: work about private place: horses, cow;
bandy with tools: moderate wages. Address Wil-
ling, box 119. tall Office.
TTOSITION wanted by experienced
J jewelry, leather gooJs and notion salesman:
also good window-dresser; best references. Ad-
dress Ref, box 1, Call Office.
l-OBER AND Rj.LIAHLE YOUNG MAN
0 wants situation as porter or driver; not afraid
to work. Address H. R.. box 11, Call Office, Oak-
laud. j *i_2
YOUNG MAN. 21. WISHES A SITUATION
1 as fireman or coi l- parser; experience of three
years. Address J. L.. box I*2, Vail. jo.
ACHINIST WOULD LIKE POSITION TO
take charge of engine; city or couDtry. C M.
R.. 10 Steuari st.
TRONG YOUNG MAN WITH EXPERI-
ence as watchman* wisnes situation: has best
of reJerences and can give good security: can at-
tend to engine or do other work if desired. Ad-
oress B. , box 1, Call Office. ■ ;
"a MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
"3 Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
'-»*-fO HAYKS ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
Odd The Call; subscriptions and want nds
taken. •
T>RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
X ) at. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
I MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THfi
"i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken. .
,-O7 MONTGOMERY. CORNER OK CI.AY—
•>_ 1 Open unti 9:30 o'clock; branch office of {
the Call: subscriptions and want ads, taken,
INCH ESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NX.
»» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to el 50 per night;
$1 60 to 66 per week: convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED. _
OuK, AMERICAN FAMILY OF 3, $30: COOK,
Jewish family, 836; second >irl, $26; nurse,
$'-'0; 10 housework: 12 housework girls, city ana
country. $20 and (25; 6 voting girls, assist, $10 to
615. MISS CUll.E.v', 323 Sutter st.
AJURSERY GOVERNESS, $25. MISS CUL-
1> I. KN, 323 Gutter sU .--.■■-
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER OR FRIENDS,
cook and second girl, $30, country, fare paid.
MISS CULLEN, 323 >otter st. _^
OuK AND SECOND GIRL, SAMK HOUSE,
VJ $25 and $15. Miss CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
/-I ERMAN OR SWETISH HOUSEWORK
VJ girl. Sacramento, 2 in family, $30. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sntter st. ' ■
/URL, VALLEJO, CAL., $20. SEE PARTY
* I here 11 a. v.: girl. Bartlett st, $20: 2 girls,
Washington St., $20; girl, Laguna St., $20; girl.
Kennett, Cal., $25: girl, Cctavla St., $20; girl,
>inpst., $20: girl, Clay st., $25; girl. Twentieth
st, $20; girl, Alameda. Cal.. $20: girl, O'Farrell
St.. $15. girl, Post st. $15: girl, Flllmore st, $15;
tir:, rolsmn st.. $15: girl. Green st, $15; girl,
Killinon* st, $16; 12 girls, $8, $10, $1- per month.
MARTIN'S, 749 Ma.*et at. '
W ATt7IK~-S— $20 AND ROOM; CALL EARLY.
'» MARTIN'S, 749 Market st
OI'EL HOISEKKEPEK AND HTEWARD-
ess, $35; vegetable cook, country hotel, $40;
chambermaid and laundress, country, $26: cham-
bermaid and wash napkins-country hotel. $15: sec-
ond girl, country, $15; German upstairs girl and
care of children, $20; American middle-aged
woman, assist. $15; German nurseglrl, $'20; girls
to assist, $15; Spanish girl for housework, no
washing. $20; general housework girl, German
cooking for country, $25. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.,
110 Geary st.
WA NTKD— GKRM AN OR SCANDINAVIAN
cook, $30 to $35; Scandinavian girl for house-
work. 2in family, $20; French nurse, $20; Ger-
man nurse. $20; chambermaid; and seamstress, |
$25. LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton st j
\T EAT GIIIL, HOUSEWORK. AMERICAN I
IS family, near city, $20, see party here; wait-
ress, small country hotel, $15; cook. $20, etc
MURRAY A RKADY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay st * ■. ■■
i) GERMAN, SCANDINAVIAN OR FRENCH
—- cooks, no washing. $30 and $40 3 second girls,
$20 and $25; 2 nurses, $20 and $25; 2 waitresses,
$20 and $25, and a large number of girls for cook-
ing and housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
butters'. ■ ■ - '
GERMAN SECOND GIRL, $i 0; GERMAN
Kir.. take care of children. $20: young girl,
general housework, $18; German cook, s3o; young
girl, housework, 2 in family, $20. Employment
Office, 806 Mason st. ;
. OAR ING-HOUSE COOK, ACROSS THE
' bar, $30; 3 Swedish housework girls, $20 to
$25; German girl, $25; cook, $25; second girl, $^0;
2 girls, light housework, $12 to $15. 315 Sotter.
FFICK FKK REDUCED; 26 CTS.; GIRi^SOF
all nationalities to fill various positions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 806 Mason st
f) OEKJUN OR SWEDISH GIRL 3, GENERAL
-- housework: 2in family; $20. 313 sotter.
IKLS FOR CITY AND COUNTRY; GEN-
eral housework: good wages. . 313 Sutter. , •■
ANTED-A NEAT YOUNG GIRL, AMERI-
can preferred, for family of three; must do
family washing, be a good cook, wear cap and
ron; good references; $16; call before 12. 3230
Sacramento st ,' _I_______________________
PE^PKCTABLF. YOUNG DANISH, AMERI-
IV can, German or Swedish girl to do second
work In family of four in Sonora, CaL Apply 1832
! Bush st. ■■--•■•: ■ -' ■■' ' ■ ■:"■'-■
P IKL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
VX two in family; $10; between 9 and 11 a. m.
1918 a Golden Gate aye. ■ v , '
VUU.NO GIRL EXPERIENCED IN SEW-
-1 Ing to learn gents' tailoring. 1213 Polk St.,
store. . . .- . .. - ■ -: . •...: ■:
W ANTED — FINISHER^ AND APP«EN-
:■ » tices on custom coats. 221 sixth st. . ■ .
\*' ANTED— FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
. work. Apply 1323 Stockton st.
VOUNO GIRL TO WOrtK IN SMALL REB-
X taurant: small wagas. 324 ■ l_>rkln st ■ /
\KI ANTED-GIKL FOR GENERAL : HOO
J__wprK. 1307 Flllmore st
A NEAT GIRL FOR . LIGHT HOUSEWORK
and assist In store. ; 1134 Valencia st. .:
IRLFO.i HOUSEWORK. 1206 EDDY ST.,
between 9 ad 12 o'clock. -
-\J OUNG , GIRL WANTED TO WASH NAP-
X Kins; waces $20. ■ 517 Montgomery. >- , = ■'
\\/ ANTED— GIRL FOR SECOND WORK AND
waiting. 1307 Hyde st. a ■/-■;■-■'■ :';»., ";.*■-.-
-rIRST-CLXsSPAXIS^FINISHJER. CHICAGO
Woolen Mil s, 775 Market st. , ■■i-'i-.:V;
fl ERMAN GIRL TO WAIT ON TABLE AND
VJT do upstairs work: 9 to 12. 1 2932 Jackson st.
GIRL WANTED TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
work; wages $10. v : 843 Castro st. . ..rrv. ■;."■-■■
ANTED-A FIRST-CLASS WAIST TRlM-
mer. .'Address L. a.,' box 11. Call Office. ■: v
A PPREN'TICE WAN . ED : FOR DRESSMAK-
■ — »■' Ing; good sewer. .: 424 Po3t st. ..,.. . ■■..:. ;
right woman, PAST - .-o. ABLE and
wllli:ig to work, to take entire management Of
wholesale office. ■ ' E. D., box 112. Ca I Office. '
\V AN I'J-.U— PUPIL- - i FOR : A PRACTICAL
»" millinery school; course thorough: class now
forming lor spring work; satisfaction guaranteed;
evening classes.' 1 22% Geary or 41u Leavenworth.
l F. DKEKSCUTTING SCHOOL— FRENCH
• tailor system taught. 016 Market st, rm. 54.
TjiLYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTINU
x Academy. 14 McAllister st ; $1 a week. '
V HEI.P -WAMTED-Continnnrt.
C*-\ C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THBS
UXtJ Call: subscriptions and want ads. , taken.
"PERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS
X cutting and makin? taught; easy payments:
unlimited lessons: patterns '-sc. (MCDOWELL
Dresscnttlng Schoo'. 636 Market st. .
W A.sTJBD- MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
»» ber trade; only 8 weeks required ; tools given;
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School. 1516 Howard.
11 v NINTH . ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
110 Thk Call; subscription and want, ads
taken. ..'■.'"
1 AWRENCK CUT! ING SCHOOL IS THE
XJ only reliable piece for- patterns: every oue
iuaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market st. :
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE:
Winchester House, 44 Third st , near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $15' per night: $1 50 to $8
per week: frtjt? 'bus r.nd luisr?a?!\ to ami from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
/"1HOREBOY; SAN RAFAEL: $10. MISS CUL-
\J LEN, 3-a Mutter St.
T^AKMIERS, PRUNE AND ORCHARD
JT hands, $15 to $20: experienced stage-driver,
$20 and found: teamster and rauchhand, $20 and
board; experienced ranch foreman: ranch to rent,
etc. MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634-638 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED ST'.k6_-i'hlVl'.B; $'^0. R.
T. WARD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st. ,■
\7"ALET AND RUBBEK, WITH G O D
V references, for a gentleman; $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN A CO.. 110 Geary st-
/• GItAVEL MINERS. C K. HANSEN <_ CO.,
0 110 Geary st.
-11-R-.SOH OR SWISS SECOND COOK, $90;
-T roast cook, $80: broiler, $60; garde mau-e.
$50; assistant butcher, $45, for country hoteL
c. R. HANSi-.N & CO., 110 Geary st.
/-I ERMAN WAIT KB, COUNTRY HOTEL, $20.
\J( C. K. HAN-EN <X CO.. 110 Geary st. : ■■
ANTED- AN EXPERIENCED STAGE
driver. S-0 and fond; butter-maker, $35;
young farmer: man to raise turkeys on shares;
kitchen men and others. Apply. .o J. F. CRO-
SKIT & CO., 628 Sacramento s;. ■
fIUVO WAITERS, $20 AND ROOM; COOK.
1 country, $40 and room; cook. $60 and room;
cook. $75 ; dishwi-sher. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
OY 16 OR OVER IS WANTED IN A STORE
I > to do porter work and deliver parcels. U.S.
Industrial a gene. , room 165, Crocker building.
ANTED-GENERAL TAILOR. 129 EDDY
street.
U/ ANTED— TO DRUM FOX TAILOR-
»t lng establishment. Apply WM. LENNE-
FELT, merchant tailor, 869 i-oisom su
HOEMAKER WANTED AT ONCE; CALL
0 early. 514 second st. -
\4/ANl'Kli— A SHOP BUTCHER. INQUIRE
V> 3318 Mission su '
ri\r AN ED— PA KIN f R WITH $200 IN GOOD
»V paying saloon; night work. W. R, box 38,
Call. ■■
OR >ALK— CHEAP, 3-CHAIR BARBER-
: shop; good location. Call at 1103V_________
mWOCHAIB B A RBER-SHOP FOR SALE j
1 cheap; good location. 415 i ayes sl
W/ AN IE D— BARBER-SHOP; 2 CHAIRS; 15c;
'» near Powell. Bend particulars. X., box 94,
Call Office. [
..-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP AND BATH-
-- hou-,e. cheap. BERNARD'S, 102 Seventh su
ARBER-aHOP FOR SALE; RUNNING 2
chairs. Call 112 a First st. ,
TjARBKR-SHOP FOR SALE] the best
0 4-ch»lr shop on Third St.; good location; fine
fixtures. STOLI'Z 630 .Mkrset st.
i. AKBER WASHSTANDS, 1,2 AND 3 BOWLS,
I 1 cheap. H. HUFsCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate ay
VU ANTED TO-DAY— ACTIVE MAN WILL-
• * Ing to work and invest; $10 cash; $'20 weekly
guaranteed ; also man with small capital a3 mana-
ger of branch office; good pay. 215 -ansouie, r. 12.
\l/ ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
»T school supplies. Whltaker-Kay C 0.,723 Markt
OY WANtAi— ONE LIVING WITH his
parents. App y ews Letter, 6 y a Kearny sU
I, 1 OR SALE— TH RKE-CHAIR B A RBER-SHOP:
r cheap. A. B. C, box 104. Call Office. .
TV-ISH AND DURABLE calf SHOES
mnde to order, $2 60. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
I»KCRUITS WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
XV rtne Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
coma such; must be of good character an . habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills St., San Francisco, Cal.
-11/j- NINTH ST. - BRANCH OFFICE OF
110 Tbb - Call; -subscription and want ads.
taken.
UAiihbKo' ri^uir.Li^vii XNiON" ■ J.MPLOY-
-U meat secretary CONRAD TROELL. 657Clar
IJ A.HHC.H- — r'Oli. f.MPIA/YMivM' CALL .-iliC.
JJ P. U Barbers' Assn. s. FUCHS, 825 Grant
ruUKJSivVM_.\' bAhlitKO' fiAifLUKI-ii.M'
O seTetarv .11. BERNARD.* 10'- seventh st- .'
LCHO HOUoK. 863 V» MARKET BT.—P.OOMsi
_Oc^2Bc to 50c night; $1 to $2 wee_.
or -l Q MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_()1O want ads taken for THE CALL.
ooila 15c TO 76c Pr.K N IG±»i ; 60c To $1 6.
per week, Oriental. 225 Drumm su
C INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS; 16c ANIGHT;
0 76c week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard.
A.NT_D- LABORERS AND Mfc-CfIANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still run* Denver House, .17 Third st: 150
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 • pr week.
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTION J<uß
' » The Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts.
W' AiMhii, 1 wiiiJiCr WAU-a DUE LA-BOtt
ers<&cler_s. KNUX Collection A_cy 110 Suttee
or I MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
ZOiOlHl Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken. . ...-..■ '. "
E SIMON WANTS 100 Mti.-4-Tu b_l' BOi-
. _•• beer or wine 6c: best free lunch. .643C1a?.
IIiMV ACME Hut'M<, J»a7 _IAKJi_.T ST.. rtK-
-1 low Blxth. for a room; -6c a night: $1 a wee _
"DOSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
it nlshed rooms, 20c to 25c night, $1 to $1/60 wk.
Ijjj-vr IN CITY— SINGLE ROUiiS, Id. 20 AND
J.J 25 cents per night: $1, $1 .5, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OP
some simple thing to patent Protect yonr
ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBIiRN & CO.. Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington. D. C, for their $1&U- fium
ofler and list Of 200 inventions wanted. '
INCHEST HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NX.
Maricet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
Wl ANTED— SINULh ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
VV week; room* for 2, 25c a. day. $1 50 a \vee_;
reading-room: daily papers. 30 Clay st.
'liin MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 10c, 150
IUU and 20c a night, including coffee ana roiU
624 Washington St.. near Kearn>-.
\\J ANTED. YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIK
II shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: thosa work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at night while you wait: laaies' soling, 35c; men i
soling, 60c; fine shoes made to order from $2 op;
we have a tot of sho«« been damaged by water, at .
less than one-fourth ' their value, from 25c up to
$2 8a 563 Mission SU. bet. First 81. and s«Tondst.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— A BOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
A. publication since Grant's book is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections"; every one want*
the book written by the commander-ln-chlef of the
United State* army; first agent's commission
$22 In 3 hours. ' E. PERSON, manager subscrip-
tion department. The Whilaker <_ Ray Company,
72. Market st. ■' • ■
ROOMS 1 WANTED' .
n HOUSEKEEPING rooms, NEAR POST
-J ana Mason sts.; permanent: rent $12. H. E.
H., box 121, Call office. f ■ ' -
0 UNFURNISHKU SUNNY ROOMS: LIGFT
-- housekeep!ng:state price. J.. box. 77 Call office.
BOAUDINO WANTED.
W! ANTED— BY AN tLIiERLV COUPLE, 2
• » sunny rooms, unfurnished preferred, in a
quiet family, with board: . terms $50. best refer-
ences; not temporary. . P F..* box 16, Cal!.
BOOMS AND BOARDING WANTED.
HOME WANTKD FOX an"oTd~RKSPECT^
able man: state terms oy the year or month:
city or country. ■ H.. box 86. Call.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
TtTANI^EIJ^DIAMOND IN JEXCHANGE^OR
•it piano, s Address H., box 119, Call. >i- ■ -■ ■
UILDINGS BOi. ttlir; LU-iBr.H. SASUKS.
X> doors, mantels. eta, for sale. 1166 Mission X, |
ELL YOLK BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-'
elrr to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.; send postaL •
——. : ■;■+ LOST. . ■.; ; -.;.; ■ '
T OST— FISH BASKIiT CONTAINING REELS^
pJJ etc., either on I Point Reyes ; train or Rausalito
ferry sunday • niehL Finder ..kindly return to
CH A a PKECHT, 626 v Clay St.. and receive re-
ward. v "";■ "i. ;. ;'. '. ■ ■; \ '■ ■.;'■: /
OST-A WHITE: SILK NfcCKSCARF AT
ferry depot; marked •W. S. H. " Return to
DR. - HaLPKUNEK, chiiopodist, -Emporium'
building; lioeral reward. :'.,■-►--., ■. -
OST— LADY'S GOLD ENAMELED CHARM,
set with one good-sized diamond. Finder will
be rewarded by returning same to room 92. Chron-
icle building, care of JAJIKS C. JORDAN. :..;
I; OS I— IN OAKLAND. ON PIEDMONT CARS
J i or Hillside aye., a lace haudkerchief." Return
to drugstore: under Gr.ind Hotel ana receive re-
ward. ■':■ '.■-:■ -;\ : :■' -•• -.:--.. ■;* ■■•.--: v --. .; V"./ ■-.:■
TRAYED— ST. BERNARD: DOG TRILBY.
Return 2505 Green st. »nd receive reward. -^ ,
RANCH OFFICE OFTHK ALL, 167 NIaTH
sr..: 'want ad- and subscriptions taken.- --?. ■
;•■•-■• .■■■j,,-!FOUND.".V; : "-.' ~~~~~~ 4
LARGE BLACK UOG: CURLY HAIH.iFOR
-Li further information, 200 Golden Gate aye. , / ; ;
CLAIRVOYANTS.
KS. DR. F. CLARK, THE ; WORLD'S "MOST
JM famous medium of modern times. Don't fall
to see her if you are interested in the affairs of life;
If marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, interest you: if
you care to know what you should do so be suc-
cessful, where you should go and horn to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, •■tc; in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier wiser j and bolder than ever before.
Hours 9a. it to Bp. ir.. strict. N. 8.-Sa!lsfactlon
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLaRK, 120b Mar-
ket st.. Darlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
ME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, p*s.,
present, lut ore; consultations on ail affairs: noth-
ingexcepted; names given: good vice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympat..y| • mistake '™'.
possible; fee $1 : letter $2. 92'J Post st.. nr Larkln.
ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CL.AIKVOV-
ant card-reader: born with aoub c _ yell
and second sight; diagnoses diseases, with full me
reading; ladies, 50c: nents. $1; palmistry %nd
clairvoyant sittings. $150. 26 TurK St., nr Jones.
ME. LENEMAR, FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets; predicted "74" passengers steamer
Island. 815 Mission st. - : ■
MRS. DEAN-RETURNED. MEDIUM AND
mental healer. 606 I'ost St., room 1.
ME. WALTERS OF IE KAMA; CARDS; LAj
di<?s, 26c; gents, SOc. 961 .Mission, nr. 6th.
\ PSY LIFE - READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st . nr. Market; ladles 25c. gents 60c.
ME HAN.sEN, PALMIST, CAKD- A DEB;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th St. . r. 0.
V; ME. R VENA READS LIFi-; FLUEN ILY ;
i*» business advice: names given; 25c up.6 F. urth
ME. HANS r-N: THi: BEST. FUTURE SI C-
cess assured: -'sc: one Drice. 41 Minna st.
RS. B. BAUMAN.N, BEST-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyam In the eltri Residence. 132 Turk st.
ME. SYHLj.t; 1 ELL- li.Jil CRaDLe TO
grave; pictures given: ladles 26c: 914 O'Farrell.
Vi ME. MOKE AU, BEST .CLAIRVOYANT
iVi and medinmin city: fee 25c up. 764 Ho- st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ANTED— TO LJfiASE OR PURCHASE ri ON
' » installment, or trade for timber land, a small
cottage suitable for seances. SWAIN, 61 Fifth St.
RB. C. J. MEYER, CIR. THIS EVE., TUES.,
Wed. and FrL, 2p. 11 . ; trance dr., Mon. and
Frl. eve., 25c: sittings dally. 326 McAllister st.
-ME. USMAN, 5P1..11 UAL TRANCE MEDl-
ura; life readings, love affairs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
MR. HANSEN'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT:
1»1 10c. 107 Fifth si. ; sittings $1.
MX. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT:
10c: fine music. 418 McAllister st.
ISS MAUD FOSTER, BUSINESS ME-
dlum. room 8, 28V_ sixth st.
RsT J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium & life reader. 218 Stockton
M. FRANCIS, IN DEPENDENT SLATE
■ writer. 118 Haizht st,; hours 9 until 6 P. if.
\,i KS. ELLIS, MEDIUM: SITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
itl circles Tops .!•>!.. 2p. .k.. -.'Be. 233 Valencia.
astrology.
; v :^u^^if^t^wu^a^dTte^tlfTTr&
-L veal past and future; send 25c for character
sketch and diseases; birthplace; year, sex, month,
hour, a. m. or p.m. If possible. PROF. BAIKD,
Astrologer, box 4 i9c San Jo c, Cal.
HYPNOTISM.
YP^O^DiM^ScTK^rTKTcXLTiY^T^UGHTr
success irrtd.HvpnotlcMesmericlns,6 O'Farrell
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
RK I YOU '"'"uONf EM PLATING THE PUfr
chase of a piano? if so our warerooms contain
the most desirable stock from which to matcn the
selection; bargains for cash, Instalments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some pianos for S3,
$4 an 1 $5 per month: beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, $8, $9 and $10 per month; no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts all
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for Stelnway any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., repre-
sentatives of Stelnway & Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and suiter ma., . San Francisco; also Oakland,
Cal.; Portland. Or.: Seattle, .>ash.
E HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY > OF
the wonderful I vers & Pond pianos, a specially
(elected stock; all styles', uprights and grands:
just received; it is impossible to make a better
piano: absolutely without a weak point; sole
agents for Ivers <& Pond, Lindeman, Connor,
Muehlfeld. Haynes and Singer pianos. J. T.
BOWERS & SON, Metropolitan Temple building.
A CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN
A pianos; see our list for this week: pianos on
$3, $4, $5, $t>. $7. $8. $9, $10, $15. $20 monthly
payments; fine stool and cover with each; deliv-
ered free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by
expert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.
Salesrooms, 933 Market st., opp. Mason. '
* BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
xil house west of Chicago is KOHLER &
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and SO G'Farrell st.: pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and prices: terms easy: prices lowest;
everything possible done to ple*aa ana satisfy vie
customer.
AiNES. BUSH A GERTS AND KN ABE Pr-
anos; get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights, $135; organs, $35. W. C HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT CO., 324 Post st.
A LMOST NEW WEBER PIANO, $200,
A cheap; Stelnway, stood condition, $175; fine
organ, cheap. THE J. DEWING COMPANY,
second floor. Flood building; elegant display of
fine Hard man uprights.
lANOS hold, RENTED, TUNED, rb>
paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other firm in Urn cl.jr. J. HAXiKV
SCOTT, 526 Hayes St.
p RAND UPKIGHT CURLED WALNUT
Vjr piano, used very little; cheap: must be sold
on account of deatn in the family. 211 Snotwell.
A DMINISTRATOK'S SALE — _U»i" &___,"
J\. pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
ins: ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
_ INK SQUARE, $ti6l STEINWAY OR
r Decker Bros., $350. New uprights, best and
cheapest, at MAUVAIS', 7ti9 Market at.
U. BADUEIt. SOi.E A FOR HALLET
• A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 Sacto.
dL'Un A GOOD 7-OCTAVE UPKIGHT: FINE
t/U. condition; $sinstallmts.22lLeavenworth.
ARGAIN — FINE CHICKERING $10 0.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister next Hibernla Bank.
<m If\ 1 \ A WALNUT UPRIGHT, STOOL,
IUU. scarf. Brnenn's Piano-house, 228 Post.
SHAW, STEINWAY $250, CHICKERINQ
$186; great bargain 9 ;54 mo. HEINE.I36 EL'Is.
TV I AGNJFICENT STEINWAY UPRIGHT AND
Irl Schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van New
Y RON MALZY, 308 Pv. »T ST.— sOHMEK,
Newby at Evans, Brigcs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD& NEW
0 H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
~T vVE_.K S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— T_B
A WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mail
HORSES. ■___
I n HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS.
ivJ buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth su : nuciion sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN *DO V LE, Auctioneers.
riiHE EMPORIUM »AL_b V ARDS, 220 V A.
1 lencla St., is the place to go if you want to buy.
tell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or hat.
ness: auction sales every haturdav at 11 o'clock^
t/»i| bET NEW AND £hCO.M>liA.\u 11 A.I-
t)uU ness: all kinds: bcßer.waeon, carts, surrer
_rockawar: 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia. -
-r A HEAD DRIVi_G AND WORK HORSE*;
OU weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st. .
, FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
r'"MI_CH cowl hXlf jerseyT
X 2809% California st. .
1. URRi), GENTLE AND KIND; WILL SELL
I ' cheap. A. F., b.ix 74, Ca 1 Office. .
ffl;l *> ZJL\ NX w HOME sewing-
VPJI4j.U\J. machine: a drawers, attachments.
2437 Mission st., nr. Twenty-first.
•\TE\v ELM WOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
_\ W. S. RAY MFG. CO., 12 California st.
UILER.-S,KNUI.\ES,_I>HA.S .- .MACHINERY
water-pipes. Mclntoah Wolpman, 137 Beale.
l. ARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
I ■ cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. NCONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission su, above Sixth.
AKS, SCALES. MIRROR:-, FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK. 1118 Mission.
VT ATIONAL CASH iiE.II.3TKK, GOOD UK-
XI der; also large toldlng-door safe. ' 8 Mlsalon at.
CIOt>EE MILL. SCALES, LETTER J'KESS,
I stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. : 102 Clay.
1- ARS, I (SHOWCASES,. COUNTERS, SrtELV-
» 'ing, etc- toughtand sold. 1063 Mission. nr.7th.
0" NE SMALL Mi-.UIUM -AM) LAKL.E-SIZK
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market st.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. EXCHANGED,
rented .repaired: lowest rates. ; 205 Fourth s» '
ATTORNEYS- AT-L AW. 1 ; '••;-";■ - '
ADVICE FREE: DIVOKCE LAWS A BPEC-
ialty; private; no fee without success: probate
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds
damages, etc. ; private detectives: estab. 10 years'
G. W. IiOWE. 850 Market st. corner Stockton st!
ADVICE FREE: NO CHARtIK UNLESS SLC-
cessfnl. J. G. JEFFRf.SS. 632 Market, rm.23.
RW. KING. CHRONICLE BLDU; CONSUL?
. Union free : ■ probate ; all cases : fees low. - ■
iv FREE: X>OCHAKG_ UNLESS sUo-"
l essfnl. W. , W. DAVID »X 9_7 j\ arkec s:.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. iaCHARDS, LAW OFFICES.' ROOM:*
26 and 27, Crocker DuuOiiiK; ■•. t«leuuona Main
■76. Kan Francisco. Cat
1 OHN It. AITKEN ANDMAURICEL. AoHEK.'
O atiya at lav,; nun 51&, 5 16. sin floor, Purrott DliLj
■^^^^ BUSINESS CHANCES.
TTIGHEBT CASH PRICE- PAID FOR FURNT
-»-»- ttrre, restaurant, saloon fixtures and grocery
stocKs. STfINBEI-GCQ.. 632, Market st.
( !S4V^ SALOON: WHOLESALE DI>TRICT~
t\li^6.U. old-estabiishe i p-ace: cheap rent with
lejsfe: leaving city. sTEN!;ERG <fc CO.. 63 1 *
Market st, , 1
€tQ^O COR ' eu. GROCERY AND bar,
«IPOUU with living-rooms; half blocic of Mar-
Ket st.; rent $25, with lease; excellent chance for
a man of energy. STENBERG CO., 632 Market.
«Sl SO TAURANT; FINK LOCATION:
■!verfiV»«"i» vUh living rooms, furnished: receipt!
"I". a c , f 12: suitable for roan and wife. STEN-
MERQ CO., 68a Market st.
«§35() COAL -"lli HOUTE: 400 CUSTOM-
triai <«Tit- r ?,V. L ; horse and wa;;on: week's
trial. SThNBEHQ CO.. 32 Market at.
T^'lL^. it V 1 " hE ' SEEKING BUSINESS
* c 33 s six w t'h 1 8 ; a . y ro 1 o 1 b 8 y caiUng on THOMAS
Pfflust^ah^T 5 ', 1^ ISa CASH BUSINESS
nee™ to annlJ C °« ?lnf;oo(1 reference: no oth.r
co . "° apply - 33 Bixtn St.. room 18, THOMAS
SOOOa^o^JPV^^FEE HOUSE;"
So 11
p ROCERY AND Ba X- 4 KOi>v«. 1
U $200. DECK Elt. 1026 Mark" , M; Pttlcis
BEST 4-CHAIR BARBKK— hop iv CQTY
ForsaIebyH.CDECKKR. lo'i) Marke^t V
$350 STATIO.NEUY.ILoJDY AND' NfL
$dOU tlon store. DKCKEB^jom Ma^ke^st
S6OO. FIRST-CLASS REST Ann. a v-rT
US) OUU -H. C. DECKK R, _igg a _* r K T:
T OCB.SMITH AND REPAIRrSG~^H"Sinvr
Jj Ing goo business, for sale cheap, on acconm
of departure East; splendid chance for ioc7«mi?h
or toulmafcer. Address G., box 3, Call office oak-
land. , "
AN «>K WOMAN Wllli $500 UASH TO
handle and control a light and p;«\ini: hual
ness: will stand investigation; $5000 per year*
Call 124 Sixth St.. room 12. ' ' '
MRm RE -CHAIR BAi.BER SHoP; 4 FINE
I living-rooms: yard: also gas range for sals
cheap; owner going East; great bargain. 408 v.
Sixth st, . ..-,, ...... *
PARTNER WANTED — SCIENTIFICALLY
X Inclined, with some means, In es abllshed hyp.
notlc Institute. Call after 9a. m. 7"USVs Howard.
ffi> I'A CASH; GOOD - PAYING RESTAIj"
tg)l*J\J rant: receipts from $15 to $20 a day. .
Apply 948 Flilmore st., cor. McAllister. »
FINE OPENING IN ESTABLISHED DETE<>
tive business for partner with little money.
X., box 1, Call Office. .
BARGAIN; FIRST-CLASS RESTAURANT:
If sold this week; living-rooms; no agents.
P... box 18, Call Office. -
<->7;-. LUNCH AND BKANCHBAKERY; IN
fS> 10. good order. Address H., call Branch
Office, 339 Hayes st.
THIRST-CLASS PHOTO GALLERY ON MAR-
-C ket st. for sale. Address J. WARRAN. 231
Seventh st., city.
pOOD PAYING RESTAURANT FOR SALK,
I.T or will rent to responsible party. Apply 210
Drumm st.
p ROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE. INQUIRE
VX CART AN, MCCARTHY *& CO M 312 Sacra-
mento st. . ' _,
ALOON, h.LLEGANT FIXTURES, FINK
O trade, central; a bargain. UNDERWOOD <&
CO., 765 Market st.
PLENDID OPENING FOR SINESS MAN
with $600. Particulars SICKELS. 620 Market.
(£7?: CIGAR-STAND, WELL ESTABLISH.
«lT 'O. Ed, near Market st. Apply this office.
<-)f\f\ FRUITSIORE; HoRSE AND WAH-
4.UU. on; fine stock. L.. box 16, Call Office!
ANDSBURG DEVELOPMENT CO. WlLij
sell V 3 interest in its property and business for
$9000 cash; cr.oney wanted to extend the business
ofcomp'y: mining, real estate, commission. Oscar
T. Shuck, 509 Kearny, E.F. Bean.Randsburg, Cai.
<2*»J(\(\ BUYB HoTEL AND BAR: REN
»J)^.UU $12. 2521 Tweaty-tourih St., near
Potrero aye. ; car stops.
ALOoN FOR SALE CHEAP. 702 HOWARD
st. .
Gj *)f\(\ STATIONERY. CANDY, NOTION
•iP— UU. anc cigar store: everything newly
fitted up; rent $7. 573 Bryant st., nr. Fourth.
TDESTAUKANT: CHEAP: seai 60 PERSONS;
XV living-rooms; present owner for 6 years; mns;
leave city; near factories R. s., box 85. Call.
ALOON AND GUoCEitY: G««OD LOCATION:
must be sold at once. Call 33 Sixth st  rm l-i.
ile iJA BRANCH bAKi-.KY. NO.IO S.
tJU. furniture of 6 rooms: cheap rent: fine
location. Property Exchange, 850 Market st.
p OOD-PAYING COUNTRY HOTEL To RENT
Vjr at reasonable terms. MRS. A. SIDWE-L,
Rio Vista, Solano County, Cal.
VOR SALE— ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS;
X . fine corner loon and rooming- hotel. Capitol
Hotel, Eleventh and Franklin sis., Oakland.
Tj>liN E■; BASKMEiVT- nIIITABLS F'<R ANY
X 1 business; one block from Market. 15 rant aye.
NAP; SALO'»N AND FIXTURES FOR f
sale; $76: 4 living-rooms. 785 Folsom st. '
LOR GOOD-PAYING CORNER 8A-
X! loon; centrally located. Apply 4^9 V2 Tebama.
T A TEST CAR FENDER PATENT; BEST IN-
XJ veution. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
<2»1 Af| RESTAURANT: MUST BE >OLD IS
tffilvv» 3 days: sacrifice. E.. box 2-4, Call Office.
C_Qcn FINE PAYINU CORNER CIGAR-
fipOOyj. store. 1 Taylor st. '
PRINTING MATERIAL FOR SALE CHEAP
at 8 Montgomery aye., room 14.
WANTED— partner in chowder AND
" liquor house. 650 Sacramento, cor. Kearny.
p ENTLKMAN PARTNtK WANTED B?
VJT young widow of means. 106 Fourth, room 2.
ESTAURANT FOIi SALE: BEST LuCA-
tion: doing good business; grand bargain;
owner going away. ApDly at this office
"VTEWSPAPER ROUTE I.x INTERIOR CITY
IX close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
p ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED WITH
■VT $60 by v nincum bered wiaow. 207 Post, rm. 8.
TTERY CHEAP: CORNER GROCERY AND
V saloon. 331 Sixth St.. corner Clara.
<2>C£.A CORNER SALOON' ON FOURTH ST.;
iSiOOyJ. sickness cause selling. Inquire ChIL
OtiNKh SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
) business. Apply Chicago Brewery, 1420 Pine.
nr 1 0 mission — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
£O±O want ads taken for The Call*
oqq BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
*JOO cai.l,: subscriptions and want ads taken.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
DECKER'S BARGAINS — .
27-room house $7001 22- room house... $500
If- room house.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 750
. 65 rooms, cor. 3,000 14 rms on Sutter. 700
II rs., must sell 20 >| 66 rms, best city! 3,500
H. C. DECK. R, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
q_9£.i\ HOUSE OF 10 SUNNY ROOMS;
<$>ZiO\J, north of Market: clears $35 over ex-
penses. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
4 1 REaT BARGAINS jn Lodging-houses
\J this week: 150 houses, from $200 to $3000.
UNDERWOOD & CO., 766 Market st.
CUT >|C NEAT FURNISH KL>; 7 ROOM B
tiF-L— O. and basement; rent $20. Apply D. M.
McRAE, 827 Mission at.
OQ-ROOM HOUSE AT A BARGAIN ON AC-
±iO count of change of business. 11 Eddy sL
ARGAIN: $750- NICELY FURNISHED
sunny rooming-house 9 rooms, bath. 6U4GearyA
ANTED TO BUY OH RENT A LODGING M*
house of 20 rooms or upward. J., box lOJjfr
1 Call.
FURNITURE FOR 5.M.1.. '
Al\i I CARPETS; CHA.U±SiiK 6Ma. $U:
I\J\J stoves, $6: parlor sets. *20: folding-bed v
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT L.#J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household poods: new or cooi
as new; cas.i or on time: open evenings.
..UfKLNHHAiI HKMTti.h CO.— LOWEST
ii prices: furniture, carpels: all uradeg. 86tt.MUs'n t
FURNITURE . WANTED.
UURSITtRE, bIOVKS. CARPETS. CO UN.
X ' ters. showcases. ANDERSON. 1121 Market.
HIUM&K riUfi .HA.S AN V VMIE Ivji. PAIU
by Indiana Auction C 0.1057 M_rket.opp.Jonei
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNT-
tur° and menhanaUe see BUKP. 211 Larkln.
CARPET CLEANING-
CITY STIVAM CARPEITcLE AM. WORKS;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
lasiT. 38 and 40 l-.ighth st.; telephone South 260.
\\i HEN YoU UtLullJi DIMiUsTED WITH
'» poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beatlng Works, 853-67 Tehama St.; tel. So. 4).
T WATTS, reliable carpet-cleanlug renovtg. alter-
O . atlon works. 409 McAllister, el. Jessie 321.
/ AARPETS CLEANED RENOVATED LlKtf
Ay new. 23 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh <fe Co.
JE. illKUi'.U, "cA.a'i-T-v i.liAM.\,j CO.,
. 240 14th su : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. ?4.
A LEADING. 3c; LAYING, 3c: RUG
sampkM free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton, 198thst.
pOAKLIN's CAttPh.T- BEA'TIiVO WOKKS.
V/ 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126. .
bicycles;' "",
M^U^T~^KLL^AT A S aT^R^fTcE^L^ADV m
bicycle; almost new. 32!iJyk Bush St., rm. <2fW
B" EN HI'RS, BRAND NEW. «46; BaßO.v
In second-hand wbee s. DaViS BRO^-i
cycle department, . 5 Geary st.
HOTELS.
TTkookly nTh oT^TLr~2o^2la~liusH^ ~*h
i> board and room $1 to $2 per day, 56 to * 13
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1: » olt *
icoius for family $1 to SI 50 per night: flrsi-c'»^
service; free coacb. CHARLES JiONTGOiI^ 1 * 1HOUSES TO LET.
SV _» AND *16: 603 AND 607 WILLOW
tft i ti aye.. oil Lagunabt., bet. Ellis and Eddy;
two houses: 6 oms aud bath. Ap yto SHAIN-
WALD, BVCKBEK * CO:, Mills buildhijr, 218 aud
ij'.'O Montgom st.
fTTREATLY. I'.BDUCED" ~ RENT TO STEADY
\ ( -. tenant: newly renovated; painted; cable
/passes. 707 Maton j»U .
''"., -"" 1608 PACIFIC AVE.-HOU-iE SIX
.""^ I i . rooms: large yard; cellar.
OUSK OF 4 "ROOMS (REAR). 1310 LARKIN
su Apply 1318 Larkin st.
r-KOOJI. CO 1 T G !■ . STABLE AND LARGE
1 yard; on Vlcksburg and Jersey sis., nr.Twenty-
foun and Church.
•_7TT r/\ KKNT bid 6 5 SUNNY
' £".)_ .«Jl.'. house 7 rooms, bath ; modern. 914
till.-- st., near Van Ness aye.
'rtiA HOUSE OF 4 NICK ROOMS, 77 FEET
<£ Lv'. from cor. California and Hydests.; water
and ashes iree. Inquire 13-8 California st.
nnr\ PORE, BET. NINTH AXD TENTH,
Z.\}\J Bryant and Harrison— 4 rooms: rent $.2.
ft.li; PL/1 HOUSE OF 6 SUNNY ROOMS
•„ — O\'. and bath; water free; good loca-
tion. 628 EUlsst.
ey NICE „ SUNNY HOUSES ON LKAVEN-
_- worth, near Jackson: rent reduced to $15. Ap-
ply BOVEE, TOY <fe SUNNTAG. 30 Montgomery.
OUse OF 9 SUNNY Ri'Oli:-, Citß. ERC
st. and Elm aye.. nr. Turk- $32 50.
Al) TENA .\ I-J ECTK I) : $3. SMITH,
> collector,. l4 McAllister St.. rooms 10-11.
, CjJ»,)il 2814 LAGUNA: HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
tJ^_V/. $1b—1835 Union: corner: 4 rooms.
$14— Union; 4 rooms.
ROOMS; ..33b s CUM) ST. : 915 P£it
_onlb. Key at 589 -econd st.
n ROOMS; 537b SKCOAD t>T. ; *17 P_ii
1 m«:ith. Key at 539 Second st.
. r. ROOMS; nk\v HOUSE; modkrn im-
O provetnents; 45 Federa s\; $18 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 -eco id st.
HoliSM'.- iv tt_Nl' i'UK VJKKV tJJLVTLK
•money at K_.__nVl-» _. H__l_lOND_. _.
• Jt. -r-- ..*,,-„,... -• _____________--——-—-
" SHED HOPSKB- - "r '•
' A JROOM.SI NICELY FU BJSIBHED FLAT,
■T- with or without housekeeping accommodations.
. 3023 Ellis st.
ODERN, SUNNY, NEWLY FURNISHED
• upper flat: 5 rooms and bath. Call between
10 and 2/3608 Twenty-fourth sc .
X7ICKLY'«FURM-HED -UNNY pi'EK
.3 flat- modern: cheap. --'514 Suiter St.. 11 to 12.
{ ' ' COTTAGES TO LET.
I _l*7 -AND $_f :!A<iKS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
\ O 1 good order. Apply on premises, 945 Bryant
St., or G. U. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
Tut .NEAT 5-KOOM BAY-WINDOW C IT-
■5 s . i . t'a.e; basenaeut. 64 Silver at., or 9 Roscoe
off Crescent aye. - r ,. . y. '■ .
UNNY COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS; BATH: BA>E-
._ ment: yard: rent cheap. DOiores and Fifteenth
yEAT COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS, BATH, CEL-
JL> lar, yard: $15. 3561 Twentieth st.
ftir NICE COTTAGE 6 R11OMS; BATH:
O I ''• sunny: yard: cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
FLATS TO LET;
Q;TQ™f I'^KIrIfUAT ti ROOMS AND BATH.
• JjlO. 135 Fair Oaks, near Twenty-third.
LEG AN I X V FURNISHED FLAT IN THE
Xi sunny belt of the Mission; to a permanent,
respectable tenant: the rent will on! v be $-0 per
mouth. Apply to K.NG & HOttNBLOWKR, at-
torneys-at-law, cor. Lartcin and McAllister 8-8.
<_. 1 - LOWtH FLA I : 6 ROOMS; BATH:
<_)! I. large ghiden. 238 Thirteenth st.
_(),, BEAUTIFUL "FLAT OF 5 ROOMS:
t^_.''^ bath and all conveniences. 625 Va'.lejo.
-1 Cifi') STEINER— LOW 1: I. SUNNY FLAT
.LUU_- of 6 rooms; modern improvements.
1 iAQ CALIFORNIA, NEAR HYDE— NICE
4. _;UO sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $-5.
UNNY 1 LAT; 4 LARGE KOOMS AND BATH.
Inquire 101 Jackson st.
TV" ICE CORNER FLAT, 5 ROOMS • ND BATH ;
J-N cheap. 7-5 Wepster st., corner Fulton.
I /- 1 - i;ttO\ ST.. NEAR LY'ON— UPPER
lOli) flats: front parlor, bedroom, kitchen, gas,
bath, $1-; also 3 sunny rooms, $7.
WO NICK SUNNY FLAT-, 3 AND4KOi>M-» :
rent $8 and »10. 2041 Har:iion St., Opposite
Eighteen tii.
"VICE FLAT OF 5 -COOM&; Ba IH AND MOD-
I> crn cons enlonces; reasonable rent. 421 Lyon
St., near Hayes.
ANDsOiIK, SL'NNY, NEW, 4 ROOMS; ALL
mo_ern; cheap rent. 2927 Sacramento st.
i)Q M CALIFORNIA, KEVB 281-6 SONNY
_.O — U rooms and bath: modern; rent $30.
ANDSOME NEW SUNNY' FLAT OF 8
rooms, bath; large basement: beautiful ma-
rine view; low rent. 2115 Hyde st-
017 DORE— FLAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
OL i rent $9.
MODERN SUNNY FLAT; 5 ROOMS: WARM
belt. 841 Capp St., near Twenty -fourth.
(liirt PINE— NEW FIRST -CLASS FLAT TO
Uu\J let; 7 rooms and baib.
"/TTTI FLAT 5 SUNNY KOOMS; STALL- IF
ijl_l. desired. 32 Ches cy, off Bryant.
C; 7 UPPE.FLAT S ROOMS APPLY TW_N-
«JD • . ty-fourth and Florida; grocery.
ff.-! a UPPER FLAT 6 KOOMS, BATH; COR-
<_SA. _:. ner. Apply Twenty-fourth and _iorid_:
grocery.
C_TA FLAT 4 ROOMS, HaLL, DOUBi,_ FAB-
*3pJLU. lors; yard. -606% fctevenson st., near
Eighteen b. :
»_)/-i- GROVE, NEAR GOUGH — MIDDLE
COD flat & sunny rooms; bath. ' '
■VfW. COR. PACIFIC AND HYDE: NICE SUN-
XI ny flat ; 7 rooms bath ; unfurnished.
■VI ICE SUNNY FLAT OF b ROOMS AND
. J-i batb. 649 Folsom st., cor. Hampton place.
LEG ANT NEW SUNNY CORNER FLAT OF
S-J 7 rooms and bath; all modern improvements.
794 Halgtu St. - :
4 -ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
eral st.: to a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 539 second St.
<_./• REAR COT i AGE: 3 ROOM.=; NO CHIL-
«_>O. dren. 715Tehamasu
UNNY 3-ROOM FLAT. THE MAYBELLE.
0 202 Grove St., cor. Van Ness aye.
J -:9»JI JKSfcIE. NX. SIXTH— LOWER FLAT
O~ —'i of 6 rooms, bath and gas: rent $16.
HEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
rooms, $810 $16: see them. 623 Seventh st.
LAT; 5 ROOMS ANDBATH: SUNNY BELT;
$15 per month; 2610 V. Mission st. Apply 844
Capp st. - . .
• "<_. I Q AND $20: MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
' «JJp rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher st., near — . end
Fill— iore.
<J_l i LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS,
C>J- *• bath and gas. 3828 Nineteenth st., bet.
Noe and Sanchez.
'LA 'l3 Tv nJ_.M' _'UK VKRY LITTLK
• X money at BALDWIN & HA_L_ON_"a, lv
1 Jicfntconipr-- nt. •■ .'.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
~~_ddGTsTreetr '
Q-| 7. EDDY— FRONT, CONNECTING HOUSE-
'IX I keeping room.; gas stove; private family;
best location.
i-ills Street.
1 OQ A ELLIS— 2 ALL ROOMS FURNISHED
*j£>\J for keeping; in rear; cheap.
-'• . • ill in Street.
i
J '] FIFTH-LOWER FLAT: PARLOR, BED-
\ ''1 room and kitchen; elegantly and completely
yornlghed; 820. .
i uisom Street.
"I OA~\ FOLSOM — 2 SUNNY CONNECTING
• -I _i^X rooms, complete; separate entrance; 2
- nnfuriished. , ■.
.'■ . Howard Street.
1 A7H "HOWARD ST. — WELL- FURNISHED
J \J i \J sunny front suite and kitchen; bath; $16.
L.aguna. Street.
• Ofin LAGUNA, CORNER McALLISTKR-
<J\J\J Sonny housekeeping rooms; with or with-
out gas.s o.c :■ .;.; .
• , . —in ft roo..
" /t9Q LARKIN-N-ICELY FURNISHED SUN-
_:_._' ny rooms for housekeeping, with grate,
running water; lerms to suit the times.
Lewis Street.
.1 O LEWIS. OFF TAYLOR, NEAR POST— UN-
ID furnished room, kitchen: newly papered ; JB.
_>_artria Place. "
'' 4 MARTHA PLACK, OFF GEARY, NR. MA-
/± son bu— 2 nice sunny rooms, newly furnished.
McAllister Street. — —
/1 99 MCALLISTKH— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED
I-.—, rooms for housekeeping.
xluas 1 .«••-. -
. C AD MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS J-OR
• — ' "O housekeeping-
Alontgoinery Street.
C 97 -MONTGOMERY, COR. CLA-Y — OPEN
«-*-• > until 8:3 o'clock: branch office of The
C all: subscriptions and want ads taken. . ',
i .Nitiuui^ au'ee«
I Crr NATOMA— 2 SETS HOUSEKEEPING
I 000 rooms; rent $8 and $10 per montn.
\ Nluili Street. ,
<ii NINTH— BAY-WINDOW SUITE. FUR-
_jl Dished for light housekeeping: stove; run-
ning water. '■ - - ■ ■■_::,.
Stuclt ton Mreet.
li7f\O STOCKTON— _ SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
J 1 \JO nished complete for housekeeping; yard;
$10-
I w* t\ STOCKTON— SUNNY ROOMS KUR-
J.O-.V nished complete tor housekeeping; $10.
HOUBEKKEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Mi. ill - rest.
mA SIXTH, COR. MINNA-3 OR 4 FINE
sunny rooms, furnished complete for hous»-
keepint;. with use of piano.
>utter Street.
7Q9 SUTTER, NEAK JONES — NICELY
I *)£ furnished rooms for housekeeping: cheap
rent. . " ■ __!_«__ _,
-■ -i.ira >. row-.
IAQ TniHD - SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
I'tO rooms; complete: first floor; ba;h:gas.
THIRD. «.OK. hUOTH PARK-FUR-
-01 O -l!>hed housekeeping rooms. ■ -
\ _.v ;\ei< At"'"".
1 HOI V AN NESS AVeI-SUNNY SUITE OF
IU-.1 rooms; kitchen, gas, range; $22 50.
~ Webster Street. " ..^T.
rji 1 WEBST-R-2 OR 3 LARGE ROOMS,
ill furnished or unfurnished; housekeeping.
" Miscellaneous. •" - ~ A^.'i-JZ¥'
ELEGANT RESIDENCE - THREE FUR-
ir. s'>ed housekeeping rooms; one Is a double
front room: in a fine neighoorho' d; $28. Inquire
from 12 to 1 p. m. or 6 to 6 p. M-, room 202,
Sprsckels building, 927 Market st. •
,1 W_v;K'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH»
•V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
KOOMS TO LET.
Luiilorniit atreec.
mHE VICTORIA, KW. COR. CALIFORNIA
J. and Hyde — Newly furnished rooms: suite or
siuglf. rents reasonable: dining-room to rent.
.Eddy Street. _ ..
CQA EDDY — SUNNY FRONT DOUBLE
t)Ov/ room; $7; housekeeping If desired; or
single.
, 1 (1 EDDY-LARGE FRONT BaY- WINDOW
'>Xt/room; large sunny back room; large clos-
ets. : ■
- J-lli_ Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INC AND
cent lights In every room; reading-room, con-
taining daiiy pai ers: "smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; opeu all nisrlit; rooms per night, 35c to
$1 50; week, $2 to $8: month. $8 to $30; tire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready; hot and cold water In each room; bat-s.
HK RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
. MART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated: newly furnished: e.evator; hot & cold water.
-O i ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY ROOM, SUITA-
I — J 1 ble lor lor 2; rent $7.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMKNT HOUBE. 28 BTH
v St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Fifteenth Street.
-1 RQZ\ FIFTEENTH. COR. VALENCIA— 2 OR
1 U»7i) 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; bay-window; grate; bath; references.
1 olsom Street.
nnni folsom, NEAR fourth— nicely
I OD2 furnished sunny double and single rooms;
every convenience.
* uiton .Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE)', OPP. CITY
Hall— Elegan: suites: singles; transient.
liturv Street.
/JOA OEARY— LARGE SUNNY' FRONT AL-
"i — cove suite; other sunuy rooms; running
water.
Golden Gate Avenue.
1 A~\ f\ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICELY FUR-
J _1U nl<bed single room; closet and hot and
cold bath; $4 50.
Hickory Avenue.
-i q/t> HICKORY AYE.— 3 NICE ROOMS;
JLOO hall: yard; water; r nt $9.
Howard Street.
Qf\n HOWARD— FURNISHED ROOM; SUIT-
JUD able for a gentleman. MRS L. DEAN.
UWU HOWARD CORNER SIXTH— NICELY
ijOtr >urni*bed suites, $3 60 a w.-ek- single beds,
$1 25 to $1 50; double, $1 60 to $2 50 a week.
1 Oll'jß HOWARD, COR. FOURTEENTH—
IOUO Large sunny bay-window; elegantly fur-
nished: private family. . .-■• : _ :<":•.
dcbtie Mieot.
POT 1 JESSIE, NEAR SEVENTH— 4 ROOMS;
U-.-2 rent $9.
Jones Street.
OAT -ONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
_-l/ I management: elegant sunny snltes and
single: newly fnrnished: bath, etc.: $10 to $30.
Kearny Street.
A BLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
__. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect: terms reasonable.
"Vfii-W AVENUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
IN corner Jackson— Single rooms 15, 20, 25, 50
cents per night: special rates per week or month.
—.eavenwor-ti street.
IAT LEAVENWORTH — FURNISHED OR
1 ul unfurnished room: separate en. ranee.
991. LEAVENWORTH — 1 OR 2 SUNNY
_-_-X front rooms, bath, running water, grate;
rent moderate.
Market Street,
V OEEMIT- HOUSE. 1045 MARKKT - PBB
1 r.lf ht_ 8-c to $1 : week. SI 50 to *-: families.
Mason Street. -:*;',
A~\ Q MASON, OPP. NATIVE SONS' BUILD-
-11« Ing— Furnished rooms to let; sunny; rea-
sonable.
Minna Street.
m MINNA, NR. SECOND— FOR RENT,
jLVjx some nice sunny front rooms in private
house; rent reasonable.
JO 1 MINNA. BET. FIFTH AND MXTH —
"Ol Nicely furnished front rooms, $5 a month
and up: hot and cold water baths.
Cit'q MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY' FUR-
Uu I nished bay-window rooms. $1 a week.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house; $1 60 to ft} per week.
(•Oil MISSION— NICF.LY FURNISHED SUN-
UO- ny rooms; quiet place: prices reasonable.
1 I\(J'J MrSSION— FURNISHED FRONT PAR-
X WOO lols for light houseKeeping; other rooms.
1 <>£. I 1 MISSION - NICELY FURNISHED
I D_»l2 room; suitable for gentleman; reason-
able. . .
Oak Street.
791 1 OAK— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
I__ I -m and back parlor; $11; gas: batb.
i oik Street.
-I OAK POLK, NEAR 6UTTER — NICELY
l-uu furnished front room; terms reasonable.
I'oweli Street.
WILLISFORD — 212-214 I'O WELL-NEWLY
furnished rooms.
_--oiui street.
97 SECOND-WEBB HOUSE: ELEGANT
O I furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
. Mxth Street.
DO SIXTH — QUIET RUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; Ml conveniences; fireproof building.
19E SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
I_.»J nicely furnished double and single sunny
front rooms.
RUNS WICK HOUSE, 148 OIXTH— OPKN
a.l night moms; 25c to $1 . per night, $1 25 to
$5 per week. J. G. DRAKE, manager.
seventh Street.
1 J. 9 SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELE-
J-^Zd gant turn, suites.kitchen; also single rooms
S>iock on 3<.i««>.
rp HE EUROPEAN', 17 STOCKTON BT— FUR-
X pished rooms, en suite or single; hot, cola water
in every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
Sutter Street.
CAA SCTTER, COR. p. >\VELL-BUNNY FUR-
O\J\t nished or unfurnished rooms.
Taylor Street.
-[ AQ TAYLOR — NICE SUNNY DOUBLE
lvi* rooms: $1 75 to $2 50 week.
lAQ TAYLOR — SUNNY' FRONT ROOMS,
lrtO newly furnished; reasonable.
'1 en am i Mreet.
TEHAMA, NEAR FOURTH— NICELY
Ov/O furnished sunny rooms: rent cheap. ■■
Tenth Street.
■1 I rj TENTH— FURNISHED ROOMS TO LET.
.Third Street.
1 flftl THIRD— LARGE, ELEGANTLY : FUR-
i \J\Ji nished rooms, with fireplace: block from
Palace Hotel. ' ■ '- ' -
Vaiencl street
£»! A VALENCIA — NICK I.Y : FURNISHED
"lv rooms; single or en suite; reasonable. ■.
\ tin -\e-« avouub.
O VAN NESS AYE. —2- ROOM SUITE,
OXO complete for housekeeping, $14; also single.
7Of.r VAN NESS . AYE. — HANDSOMELY
• UU furnished sunny front room; other desira-
ble rooms. -
Ql 7 VAN ness AYE.— SUNNY ALCOVE
_>X I room, hot and co.d water; also 3 unfur-
nished rooms.. , v -■■---
Webster Street.
QI4B WEBSTER. NEAR MCALLISTER—
<JJ i I right sunny single room lor gentleman.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1897.
BOOMS TO LET— Continued.
. JiiM-c! ruinous.
SW. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch r.ffice cf The Call, fcubscrplions and i
want ads taken. . • ■ •
FHONT ROOM IN. PRIVATit FAM- I
ily for 1 or 2 gentlemen; desirable location. !
F. R., box 92, < all QgC ■.
BOARDING AND BOOMS. .....
NKwXY~^U^n_su__r^RolsMT*WlTl_
 < board, for » gen leman: with all the comforts
of a home, iii a private family; no other to..rJers,
or children : references required. ■ L., box _. Call.
A A SIXTH ST.— THEHu A NCIfKSTEK; ELK-
"I"T gant furnished sunny rooms; tine table board.
4~\ A HYDE— NICE I . V FURNISHED ROOMS ;
11 v/ privilege Bailor tind piano: table first class. I
Ml 9 i-ODY— LOVELY SLNNY PARLORS
U-I_. and other rooms, with board: $20 up.
Ali{\ BRYANT— FURNIf-H_D FRONT ROOM
a \J\J with or without board. ; ...
•Ail 1 DI)Y — MNGLE ROOM, SUITABLE
O\JVJ for young man, with board; other rooms.
7 OX PINK - (KENOVa) — N i. W L FUR-
I __i.) nlahed suites and single rooms; service
strictly first class: references. ■
Lrfi , LTTaVi-.N WORTH — sUNNY CORNER;
v- V ' suites, single: excellent table; rales mod.
CAw VAN . KKS> AYE— ELEGANT StNNY
U\JO rooms, en suite or single: excellent table.
CjV?A AND LESS-FIRST-CLASS ROOM AND
<?-" boaid; centrstl; co-operative, D,. box -.Call.
OlhL B RILING. .714 B SH-A FAMILY
hotel: references: ail modern conveniences.
CUXLUK^.N _IOAKI>i_JJ. : , .
LADY WOULD LIKE TO TAKE CARE OF A
child 2 years old or more; terms reasonable.
338 Bryant st. -_ . '
V<| OTHER'S . PERSONAL CAKE; SUNNY
i-'X healtnful rooms; wholesome food; sandy
yard; reasonable terms. Address M-. box 119. Call.
IDDLE-AGED WIDOW WOULD LIKE TO
■IX take an Infant to rear. Address A. W., box
45, Call Office.
STOKES TO IyET.
pooD location for grocery and bak
vT or French liquor-store, with 3 living-rooms.
Tennessee an l Twenty-second sts.
■\TORTHEAbr CORNER PACIFIC ANDSAIN-
— i some sis. ; hand some large corner store : cheap.
STORE WITH FIXTURES; LIVING-ROOMS
and i eliar. 3552 Twenty-third st,, next to cor-
ner Guerrero.
<2«9.\ STORE, 3 ROOMS. LIGHT CELLAR.
Vjp^i). nag Howard st , near seventh.
A] /^ FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
*±XU in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery st.
"IJARBER-SHOP; WITH BATHS: ESTAB-
X-> lished 16 years; $18 per month; key at 5.9
>econd st.
carpenter-shop; $7 per month. 5 I-e Boom sU;
key at 539 Se< ond »t.
P.umbing-shop; $S per month, S De Booms"..;
key at 539 Second st.
Corner store, 531 Second St.; $14 per month;
key tit 539 Second st.
A T LOW KENT— PART U-' STOKE AND
-V. basement. 324 Pus- St.
EDUCATIONAL
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
XJ and school of Instruction (incorporated);
PKAiTICAt- and INDIVIDUAL Instruction in
the latest improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc. ; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieiul a say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farreil st. : elevator.
SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTUKE AND
Elocution, 1215 Oc avia st., San Francisco,
MISS ELIZA MA* KINToSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and cradu te
of the school of Oratory, Phll-dejph.a, Pa.,
teacher, office days, Tuurs. and Sat. p. m.
XT EALD'S BUSINESS OLLKOK,. 24 POST—
J—L Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; -'0 teachers: 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
YREei', THE LEADING IULLHUK, _.)
Montgomery st.: individual instructloa la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphs-, eta
Hie scholarship $50 l"w rau»< per »e>lt and mo.
LOCUTION AND DRAMA; lE. SARThi
-I— thoroughly taught; appearances arranged: 1 to
Bp.m. OLiVE HOFF-SCHHOfc.DErt,299Hydest.
B. LASCO'S LYCKUjI SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
| IJOOKKE_PINU TiiUKOUGiILY IN b WiEKi
I XJ or year's course free; only accountant teachinz.
TARR, room 572. Parrott Emporium building.
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
0 College, 723 Market St.; stuaents trained: oljice
situations secured; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
. "L"'N«iNjiii.KlN(J bI.HOOL; MECH.. ELKC.,
'la civil, mining, survey, assay, arcbl_. X ray
tangfa,;es.lB64. A. VAN PER NAILLKN.723 Mltl
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE I
Calx taken at branch office,- 339 Hayes st.;
open until 9 :30 o'clocic
SINGJNG; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
Frengh, Herman languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
LEO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING, DaNG-
Ing, voice, pantomime, stage. , 814 Geary st.
A.NJO, PIA.NO, MANDOLI ■> AND GUITAR
thoroughly tanght; lessons 50c. . 125 Tenth st.
V r OICE, DRAMA. ORATOnY: PRIVATE AND
class. ProlKQss, Donohoe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to a
UROF, L. RANKIN — V.IOLIN. MANDOLIN,
-I maadola;terms reasonable. 220Geary,rjfr. Powell
/"■» ll'lAK, MANDOLIN, PiANu AN _> V_C.i._
Vjr lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhau<k -9 Fifth.
IJOOKKPNG, WRUNG, ARITHMTC. UKAJIK,
J->dav night: no Classen: $5 month. 845 Mission.
~~~ MEDICAL. ~~
SURE, SAFE AND SPEED l CURE FOR
all female diseases; ladies may have the bene- {
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice, A home In confinement
with 1* st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on the doctor and state their
case. All consultation free and confidential. (Sole '
agent Rex Magnus, the great world-renowed rem-
edy for home irtu'.ineiK. ilßtj. DR. GWVER,
22- Turk st. - ■
R. J. H. JOS3ELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
ist, still offers his valuable services to th* un-
fortunate* With a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a peifect cure. Ladies, he Is always ready
to assist yon. His Knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar |
to your deli.'te organism is beyond his sura con- j
trol. His female montnly remedies are sure and
safe in their effects. H.s tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing in their
action, and are warranted tor both young and old.
He exc«ls all others i • cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure In all cases. Consultation parlors. 906
Market st- Call or write direct to 9U6 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12. „
ANi.W REMEDY THAT IS PERFECTLY
harmless; never fails in any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what tno cause may be. Prtca
£5 to $10. No electricity or instruments; never
makes sick to make -well; travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class borne in con-
finement. Dr. & iir*. Davtes, 14 McAllister st.,
next Hibernla Bank. Consult free; French pill*
t_: hours. 9 a. if. to 4. 7 to 8 p. m. :
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
A store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; 'no instruments used;
many years', experience: every case guaranteed;
Rdvice free: terms reasonable; first-class priyaia
home for confinement. MRS. DH. DALEY, li__
Market St., over the Owl Drug ■ Store.
<\ new PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRO-
JrV. roent or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician foral female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;can be
sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed; do
not trust Incompetent female physic. ans. DR.
POPPER, the we'.l-k-iuwn pioneer, aiB Kearny st.
R. FOC LET'S FRENCH CAPSULES - A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no matter what cause): positively safe and
sure; no dang r or after effects: taken in time It
also acts a* a preventive: price $1 50 per box;
sent free by mail on 'receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye. |
R. AND MRS. WEGENER, 626 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort: separate
rooms before and during confinement; all female
complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
quick relief for travelers: best care; terms moder-
ate; consultation free; pills $2.
KS. GOOD IN, < SPECIALIST: LADIES.
near or far, safe, <]uck cure guaranteed: any
disease or complaint; home for patients; best skill;
free diagnosis; low lees; cure. 401 Van Ness
aye., flat D. . . ,
1 ADIES. CHICHESTER'S KNGLISHPKNN'Y-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, tor particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladies," In letter by return mall;
at druggist's. Chichester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia.
LL CASKS OF MONTtiLY SUPPRKsSION
restored in a few tours; safety assured at any
time; Instant relief for travelers: home in confine*
ment: consult free: confidential; hour*. 10 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 91- Post St., near Larkln.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON *. TO
ladies with female troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D.; don't de.ay until
too late. O- GOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
DON'T FAIL TO consult D.I. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st.: his 30 yean'
rnccessful practice Is a tra&rantee of fair treat men:;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by ma 11 .*..■>;...'
.. (i/l PAIIJ FOR A _*.-E 1 FAIL TO CURE
<_)«JUW of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTI.3-5 Geary
VIICE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
i. i at the most reasonable price In the city. MRS.
M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 201- som st.
I\U PRAK'« FKMaLK KhUULA HAG PILLS;
U safe and efficient emmenaaogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO., druggists, 406 Clay St. .sole agts,
F. LYING-IN (PRIVAT ) HOMi-.; DIS
. eases of women and children. 235 Kearny, r. 9.
OME. A tltlE AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DX. FUNKE. 1416 f.lghth St., Alameda.
1 _' IRREGULAR OR ANY FJ-.U'AL_ Dl EA3-
J mc JIKs.UK. PTTETZ and be content. 154U, 4lh. j
I vR. HALL, 14 McALUSI STREET, N_.A_:
U Jones. Disease, of omen ana chil-rea.
PERSONALS. .
T\T ANTED-TO KNOW THE WHEREABOUTS
V> of JAMES, ELLEN : or THOMAS MCCART-
NEY, from Atngarvan, Newbridge, County " Kll-
dare. Any information will be highly appreciated
by an old friend, M. W. X., b x 43. Call office.
MY WIFE, MARY 1., HAVING REFUSED
my bed and board, I will not be responsible
for debts incurred by her after this date. HENRY
A. SAGEHOR.V. ' *"" '
JL. WISHES ADDRESS OF R. L.; MISSED
• appointment. ■ Old riurnu r.
INFORMATION OF THE WHEREABOUTS
1 of O. M. McCLOUD and wife, last beard ot were
in Oakland In 1894. Write C. is. SAMUELS jN,
New Atlantic Hotel, San Francisco.
T KVY— WILL MR. LEVY. LATE OF 010»4
JU Polk St., send address GKOVE>,str. Monowai.
RIVATE DETECTIVE WOKK DONE Ri-.a-
. souable rates: 10 years' experience; all matters
strictly confidential. 228 btevenson. WEBSTER
ADVICE FRKE; DIVORCE" LAWS A SPKC-
/v laity: private; no fee wi.hout success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc. : prlv ite detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE; at:y at- aw. 850 Market. cor.Stocktu
PERATIC CONCERT Oh PROF. J<<s. GRE-
VEN's pupils takes place on Wednesday, 27th
of January. 1897, in the Y. M. C. A. auditorium,
Mason and Kl.tssts.: first part concer:. second
pan. acting and si. ging in costumes; beginning
al 8 1-. m.; tickets 50c, in all music s ores and at
JOS RE YEN'S office, Murphy building, Market
and Jones sts , rooms 1-1 122.
. ATERVOUS PEOPLE . i ~~ ~~"
J-N Should lose no t.me, but go at once to the only
place that can m».e them perfec ly well,
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS
will drive away all that nervous trouble. Try
them once aud you will know it too. Go to-day to
1533 Buchanan st. -. *
' Consultation iree; 1 to 3 and 6 to 8, Sundays 10
to 12.
"WHAT IS THE USE, MR. LtDKRER,"
" said a lady, "of paying 51/ cents to have one's
hair dressed only fairly, when you do it so excel-
len ly for only -5 cents?" And that's what I say.
Shampooing the hair and treating the scaip with
QUINONI - hair touic 50 cents. G. LEDERER,
111 St ekion st. ■ •
OLD GOLD BOUGHT: HIGHEST PRICES. O.
\J NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 O'Farreil st., nr. Mason.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING CURED;
obesit>' reduced upon new and scientific prin-
ciples. 1156 Broalway. Oakland, room 25.
R. SMITH'S CATARRH CURE GUARAN-
teed to stop that cat rrh: 50c. 1533 Buchanan.
Al RA DE FORCE GOKD N. ATTORNEY
at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
THE BEST Sli.N IN THE v\ORLD: _NAM-
e.ed 1 tiers. Go to factory, 409 Sanchez st.
\f KTROPOLITAN IEIKCTIVE BUREAU,
IYI Parrott building, over Emporium; offices,' 540-
-541: hours I a m. 10 12 P. M.; tele. Mint 1471.
Aln TING, WHITE ING, PAPERING,
etc. ; times are bard: must have work. F. £D-
WARDS, 1200 Webster St.. cor. Eddy. -
1 i\i\f\ CARDS, $1 5a SHOW CARDS, ETC.
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22y_ Geary st.
<_• I A DOZEN— i- INK CABIN _i' \vi_-
<pl SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
GET A SHAVE A. THE LADIES' BARBER-
shop, 757 a Howard St., near Fourth.
- 'lU_ P-OPL-'a v->_ DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases trea.ed and medicine- fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029V 2 Mar-*, •-,
beu Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco. Cal.
C**-? MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
«'— 4 Thk Call; want ads aud subscriptions
taken. >
I ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAG \ZINE
I and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc- 424 Pine su; illustrations lurMbhed
for magazines, newspapers, etc. ■ -
ARTISTIC U AIRDKE_>ING, 25c; $25 FoR
cases of hair failing or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. UUBBARD, 1104 Market St., room 28.
HE ANIMATOSCOPi-, THE PERFECT
screen machine. For price of hand or motor
machines call or address A nlmatoscope Company,
9.13 Market St., San Francisco, seventh floor. •
I R. C. E. FARNUM HAS MOVED TO THE
XJ Parroti building, over Emporium, 3d fl., r. i.03.
UPIURE AND PIL_S VURED; No Pa V
XX until cured: send for book. DRS. MAN 3.
FIELD A PORTHRFIELD. 838 Market st. .
AGNIi<COP_ — NEW . PKOJ-CTING MA-
chine; uses the _lnetoscope_lm-; price $2501
BACIGALUPI. 940 Marltet St.
\\[ ALL PAPER, 4U A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
• '" ing. painting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.K. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st.
1G OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON >HOW EVE-
.J> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: - promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. - 1140 Market st.
Li CTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
Winchester House. 44 Third St., nr. Market;
-00 rooms, -&c to $1 60 per night: $1 SO to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AVK YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McCaBK'S, 870 Mission, cor. 6th.
IVOKCr. AND ANNULMENT Zn- MAR-
riage; terms of payment obliging: legal every-
where, dress lock box F, 9u6 Market St., M. F.
pLOAKS, FUKS A.\ 11 sUil'3 UETAILED *»'
\J wholesale prioe*. .Factor-. 20 Kaosorne St. ■ j
. ■ DRESSMAKERS.
(COMPETENT DRESSMAKER WISHES PHI- !
J vate pop Is In dressmaking. P.. box '.'2, Call. j
TRUSTEES" SALES.
rp R U S T E E
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by CHARLES E.
WILLIAMS and HARRIET A. WILLIAMS (bis
wife), parties of first part, to HENRY C. CAMP- I
BELL and Til A DDE US B. KENT, trustees, parties '
of the second part, and the SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, party of the third part, dated
June 7th. 1889, and recorded In the office or the
County Recorder of the county of Shasta, State of
California, in liber No. 1 of trust deeds, at pages 67
and following, and in pursuance of a resolution
passed on the 19th day of November, 1896, oy the
board of directors of said SAN FRANCISCO SAV-
INGS UNION, a corporation*, and the holder of the
notes (No. 9398). to secure payment of which the
aforesaid deed of trust was executed, declaring I
that default bad b«eu made In the payment of the
principal sums and other turns due under said
notes and deed of trust, and requesting and direct-
ing said HENRY C. CA_iP_E_L and THAU-
DEUS B. KENT, trustees, to sell the real estate
described therein to satisfy said indebted ne«s.
We, HENKY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 26th day of January, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, an. at the auction
salesroom of Eas:on, Kidridge & Co., 638 Market
reel, in Ihe City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in goid coin of the
United States, the pieces or parcels of land situate
in the county of Shasta, State of California, de-
scribed as fo.tows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
In township tweiuv-nim- (29) north, raDge tour
(4) west, Mount Diablo base and meridian:
Of kection two (2), the east half of tne north-
east quarter (E. V 2 of NE. V 4), the northwest quar-
ter ot the northeait quarter (NW. 14 of NE. 14),
and the northeast quarter of the northwest quar-
ter(JSE 1/4 of NW. I/i);
In township thirty (30) north, rango four (4)
west, Moun. Diablo base an 1 meridian; .
Of section twenty nine (-9) the whole;
Of section thirty (30), the southeast quarter \
(SE. %), and
Of section thirty-five (35), the east half (E. Va): |
Containing in all one thousand two hundred and j
eighty (1280) acres 01 land, more or less; together
with the appurtenances.
TE 1.M.1 OF SALE— Cash In gold coin of the
United States. 10 cent payable to th» under-
signed on the fall of the hammer, balance on de.
livery of deed, and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said 10 per cent to be forfeited, and the sale . to . be
void, ■• acb of sale at purchaser's expense,
••■ HENRY" C. CAMPBELL, Tlustpa .
THADDEUS B. KENT. / 11 " 81695 -
RUSIEKfct' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
L the terms and under th% authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by ANTONIO
SILVA. party of . the first part, to HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
trustees, ' parlies of the second part, and
the SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
■party of the third pan, dated January
2, 1891, and recorded in the office of the
County Recorder of the county of Tulare,
State of California, in liber? of trust deeds, at
pares 394 and following, and In pursuance of a
resolution passed on th« 9ih day of January,
1897, by the boar I of directors of the BANK OF
VISaLIA, a corporation, and tbe bolder by assign-
ment ■of the note (No. 10,575), to secure
paym- nt of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had be-n made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums
due under said noce and deed of trust, and request-
ing and directing said HKNRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, trustees, to sell the
real estate .escribed therein to. satisfy sal- in-
debted ■
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B.KEN 1 1 , trustees, do hereby glvs notice th at on
TUESDAY, the 9tb day of February, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that any, and at the auction
salesroom of ' Easton, Kidridge <_ Co., 638 Market
street, In the City and Comity of sail Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to tlie highest bidder, for cash In gold coin of the
United Mates, the pieces or parcels Of land situate
in the county of Kings, formerly part of the
couuty of Tuiare, state of ■ California, described as
follows, to wit: : '.■■■•' ' ■ ■■' ■'... '.:■'■ ■>■
According to the official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United stales: '
In township eighteen (18) couth range twenty-
one (21) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian:
• Of section thirteen (13), .lie southwest quarter
of the southwest quarter (sW. 14 of SW. l/i) and
the west half of the west half of the southeast
quarter of the 'southwest quarter (W. Va of W.
%of SK. i^ot sw. I/i). , :-■-■■
Of section twenty-four (24), the northwest quar-
ter of the northwest quarter (NW. y± of NW. V*).
and the west half of tne west half of the northeast
quarter of the northwest quarter (W. Vi of W. V 2
of NE. ViofNW. V 4)-. „ ' ,;■-■
■' Containing In all one hundred (100) acres of
land, , more or less, together with .he appur-
tenances. ■
TERMS OF SALE— Cash In gold coin of the
United States: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer: balance on de-
livery of deed; > and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days b ing allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. • "
HENRY C. CAMPBELL. l Tf
• THADDEUS B. KKNT, - / trustees.
PHYSICIANS. • .
"o7c. "o'DONNELL, I_66^MAB_L_tTcOR
U uolUenGiite ttv. ; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE. 
GOOD INVESTMKNT .
IN WESTERN-ADDITION.
CM Q Ann nearoeary.ahiioutavia:
<lplt7.UwU.4 fine flats of 7 rooms and bath
each; always rented: lot 45x120 feet to rear street;
mortgage of $14, i 00: must be sold.
: EASTON, ELDRIPGE & CO.,
;i".r. <-,'. ••. • 638 Market st.
ISSION FLATS. .....,...-.-.:
. NEA GUERRERO AND LIBERTY.
s>r^nr, 2 FLATS OF 5 AND 6 ROOMS
»]p«J»JUU. and bath; always rented: pay* $600
per annum; street work done; lot 30\lI4feet:
mortgage of $260J can rem»ln ; will exchange for
smaller ci:y property unincumbered.
EASTON, ELiJKIDGE & CO.,
638 Market at.
ISSION RESIDENCE ' ~~T
■ • • -'IN THE WARM BELT.
Clyf A(\(\ SUBSTANTIAL COM FORTABLK
tJptl'iUU. house of 9. rooms and bath: near 16lh
and Guerrero sts.; flue lot, 36x120 feet; street
bitumiuized: mortgage of $..300 can reman: must
be sold. EASTON, ELDRiDG.. & CO.,
6: 8 .Market st.
ESTERN ADDITION FLAT.-*. - ~
EL'GANT LOCATION.
CiTHOft NEAR LAGUNA AND VALLEJO
tip I \J\jVJ sts.: 2 flats of 6 and .7 "rooms and
bath; rents $55 permcnih: only 2 years old: cost
over $8500; mortga eof $3600 can remain.
i EASTON, ELDRID^E & CO.,
 638 Market st.
OUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. >
PAYS BIG INCOME.
J.OO'A NEAR SHIPLEY AND STH STS.;
4jO\). store and rooms and 2 flats above;
pays $517 per annum; mortgage of SI7OU can re-
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
________ ' : \ "" •- ..-
X 2 BLOCKS NORTH OF MARKET.
Cfi^nnn' a FLATS OF 5 AND 6 rooms
tJpOUUV/. and bath; rents $516 per annum;
btreet accepted.
EASTON, ELDRIUE & CO.,
, 638 Market st.
HOICK LOIS. ~ ~ ~"
\J SPECIAL BARGAINa
$4000— Oak St., near Deviaadero; 50x137:6.
llnie offer. .
i?3-to— sancuez st., near 23d; 65x117:6 to an
alley.
SBooo— Block 984; ontsldelands; 240x600. • •
$2400— Fulton si., Bear Baker; 25x137:6; street
work all done.
$2G00— 22J st.. near Church; 60:11x114. .
$2000— v ay, on st, near Page; 25x106.
$2000— Green st., near Pierce; 25x1J0; mort-
gage > f $1000 can remain.
$1825— Uolden Gate aye., near Baker St.;
23X137:9.
*15i)0— .Sanchez %-.., cor. Cumberland; 114x105;
will snbdiv.de ■
$1250— Point Lobos nve., near 9th; 25x100. sX
$1000 — -.111 Jose aye,, near .29tn; lota,
ready for building. »
&500-K st., near 11th aye.; 25x120.
$:50— K St., near 29ih aye.: 50x100. I
EASTuN, ELDRIDG ■•: & CO.,
638 MarKet st.
&07X LOTS ON 251H AYE., NEAR
tiPO 10. Clement st.; terms $50 cish, $10
monthly; a few left. C 11 at once for par.iculars.
BALDWIN &HOWELL.
ti;;'.V,rj; .-;'<:. 1 .0 Montgomf ry^t.
ARK l.oTs. ~ r
:■ ■-.' ■ $226. ■
,$25 CASH. •••':-
-$lO MONTHLY.
We have just subdivided the block bounded by
10th and lib avts., A" a d O sts.; prices $.25
e»cli for inside lots and $350 for corners; terms
$25 cash, $10 monthly: title perfect; near the
Affiliated Colleges; bound to advance in value;
buy ft ot and put tside $10 a month; It will pay
you well. BALDWIN & HOWKLL,
10 Montgomery st.
<U£'/finn HOUSK OF 3 ROOM?.; LOT 25x140;
tip ■c.XjyjyJ . will exchange for Improve! or un-
improved country property; mortgage £900 at 7
per cent. 1402 Valencia at., cor. Twenty-Ufth.
(J. I /-Cij WILL BUILD A FIRST-CLASS 6-
«J)J-Uc>U room and basement cottage; porcelain
bath; wood mantels: brick ounJation, etc., com-
plete. $i-150 for 5-room cottage. Call and see
plans, specification*, etc.: same submitted for any
kind of building. W. W. UEDNALL, builder,
2312 Market st., near 14th.
(Jj-JAAA $4000. $4000.
tJPaUV/V. On easy terms; $500 cash, .ta.ance
monthly installments; new 2-story modern home
of 6 rooms and bath; California St., near Ctli aye.
Owner on premises or aoply to SHAINWA:.D,
BUCKBEh. & CO., 218-220 Montgomery st., Mills
building.
ARGAI.V. .
Must be sold— 2 large bouses, renting for $60
per month: double lot, 60x80; on the north line
of Brannun St., bet. Ist and 2d; cheapest property
on the market. For price and terms, apply to
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
L'OH r-ALE ON EASY TEKMS-MODERN
a houses on Masonic aye. and Waller St.; housei
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun In every room;
see them to-day. Take tialghtor Ellis streetcar,
tel off at Masonic t. ve. ; owner on premises.
<£• <nf||| FOR >ALK OR EXCHANGE.
tJpil'UU, New cottage on 23d aye., East Oak-
land* 6 rooms and bath: high basement: brick
loundaUou; bay windows; lot 62x160.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
■ ■ •}','. -.\~ :•-'-. 14 Montc6mery st.
PROPERTY to EXCHANGE.
TtThoUsES~Xnd £ofsr"F«OM~~s2triJ T"to
O\J $28, tO O: 100 ranches, everywhere, Drices
$300 to $46,000: 150 stores and business places,
from $50 to $10,000 tor sale or exchange.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
T^nTi BAN FKANCI-CO FOR ALAMEDA
I i)WU. or Oakland property. Address In-
vestment, box 86. Call Office.
1 OOKING FOrt A RANCH? HERE IS 1280
i J acres good timber: plen y water: splendid
pasture: best chance in the State.- N., box 16. CaiL.
© I 7 (\l\l\ HOUSE OF 16 ROOMS ON 60-
-»Ip 1 I .uUU. vara lot, San Francisco, to ex-
change for ranch in the bay counties; very desir-
able property. GEO. W. HAIGHT, 220 Sansome.
OEND >UR OL.K Llsl 1 OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 forsalp. UCOSTKK & WHITTOV. Pan Jn«.
MONEY TO LOAN.
GiQf\ l\ t ~\l\C\ AT «i*» per ton city
<Jp£>\.'\J.''\J\t real estate: also Oakland, estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co.. 10 .Mills building, ground floor.
-PKIVATK AND KKSPKCTARLE, WITH
very light interest, li the secret of our success,
cut-rate i.oan Office, Flood building, room 7, en-
trance *09 Market st.
IGHLY RttsPKOTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at tne vrry lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 2D;OR 3D MOKTO AGES,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
UcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery »1.. room 3.
1 \IKECT UN YOUR l-'URNI T L OR PIANO,
XJ no removal: do delays: no commissions; low
Interest. Km. 68. lionoliu ■ bid*. 1170 Market su
Q>\}*)\ (Win A r BANK .KATE ->: IST. ANii
ti.UVJV/ 2d morleaKes. estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as $50. H. MUK PHY. 628 Market st.
IUHY PAY HIGH INT. ON s-MALL LOANS?
'» We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
O~N FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. • SCRIB.VER, 7 City Hall aye.
..IVA'IE I'AKIY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
security;low interest. 11. D., box 160, Cu1l Office.
ONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine St., room 3.
ffljc/% TO $50, 000;*LOV\ bsi 1 I. Air.: IM4JU
■ iJV/ mortgage: fiat or Instlmnt. Drrden, 635 Cat,
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW EIjRY.KTU
Columbia Loan A < ollatpral Office. 9 < rant aye.
PAWNBROKERS.
A DVANCES ON DIAMOXDS.JEWELRY, SlL-
xxverware,pianos:low rates. Nhtl.T.oan,l33Taylor
lliH^l I'llllK PAID iuK VAST ' oFF
rlothrns. « osn>nno'ltnn 1 nun OfHc«>. 49 Third.
JciNANCJAL.
BANKBOOKS CA i . SAVINGS AND LOAN— I
J> will buy. B. 70 916 Market st., S. F.
DENTISTS.
T7UKST-OLASS DENTISTRY; CHEAP; PA*-
£} able $1 week. CHAPMAN, 16th and Mission.
I'ULL SjvT OF i I'.r.Xil WORTH $15:
fn . FULL f>j'.T years: 1 extraction free: tilling*
I . warranted 5 years: extraction free: tilling*
60c. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
OSITiVf. . V PA I l.ES^s EXTRACTION.
X DR. HARDING, 600 Sutter: tel. main 5375.
HALIANT & CHALFANT, MOVKD FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell; briduework a specialty.
ULlO.\ X)h..\ 1 AL ASSOCI-- ilO-N, bOb jlAji-
ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKEIt.
(^./T A 6>r,T iOK 'JttilH- Wai: RANTED AS
«4D I good as can be made; filling $1 DR >IM.\ls,
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater. ■
PAI.NLILSS j-.XTIIACiIU-\, 60c: CKUWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: lSyearr :
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815S^ Geary.
R. LUDLUAI W.ILL, 1443 MARKET ST., Nit.
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
will' or '1-fc.E 1 11- U iTiiuU 1 ArLAiik OtL.
OH. G. Young. 1841 Polk s:. \\
DR. J. J. Lt-iirw. .MAHKh. 1, lUK. GULDEN
iJ Gate aye. ; open even inenMindaw till noon,
pROOME DENIAL ASSOCIATION. 768 MAK-
v- ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists; palnleu
extracting, with gas, II: plates. $5 op: fill. »1 np.
DR. GhOKliK W. LEEK, THE UENUINiS
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractioa
and patentee of improved bridge work or teetb
without any plate, moved from 6to 20 FarrelU:.
LL WORK . REASON AiJLK AND Wi¥
ranted. 1)3. J. W. KEY. 1123 Market st.
STORAGE.
T^R^^E^cISE^P^STTNTjS^^ITYTFIKh>
proof building; advances made. - 211 Larkin.
T/LRNITURK. PI AN OS, , TRUNKS: «- AD-
I 1 Vance* snipping CUAS. L. TA YL0K.204 Po*t.
OFFICES TO LET. ~~
Rr^MsT^ETo^fD^L^KjRT^S^UrrTBLE FOR
offices. (Inquire »c 6-' i Market st.
.COUNTRY REAL , ESTATE. ,^
VirHY HA V CASH FOR LAKDiWHBN YOU
• • can buy It without, and earn it from the prud-
acts 01 the land ? ■.-*■,■ a ■**•*■:« *-
At a value of $20 per acre we have 160 acres %
a mile from railroad and 34 of a mile from New
England Mills station, and also 160 acres a: Buck- 1
lin, Placer County. I hese are all good tillable
lands and are adapted for the' production of the
finest wine grapes. No payments down, but pur-
chas rs i> quired t ■ improve properties: Interest!
from date of purchase, paynbie annually in ad-
vance payments on th • pur hast* money to com-
mence 4 years f.om date, payable in annual pa r-
ments. to be Increased each year as the places are
improved.
m Also colony land— A tract of 3200 acres in Te-
ilama Cou :ty has been surveyed in.o 4U-acre lots
and will be sold hi $16 to $-_'O pt-r acre on terms of
1-5 down, the balance .0 be paid hi ten annual . In-
s alimen at 5 per cent ou deferred payments- if
any one shoal 1 wish 10 pure has" the wiioie of this
tract it will be sold for a small payment down on !
the purchase price.
These three properties were taken in on mort- i
gaees. con>equemly are sold for l.ali their former I
value. ■ . ..'■• • ■ • ;
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO., room 29. »econd floor,
Mills building. .....'. ■'...'
Clj 1 i\ I |W| 15 ACRES XEAR BELMOXT:
'tjpLO.yi\J\J: splendid house of 12 rooms, all
completely fur.nisl)>-d; every modern convenience:
■1 hcres bearing orchard: good - barn ai d outbuild-
ings: will take half In ou -.side lands, balance easy
terms. • ; — ; < ■/".'*• • ■
CHOICE LANDS AT SAX MATEO. MENLO.
mountain View, (Santa Clara and -an Joae; we
make a specialty of Santa Clara Valley lauds. -
riHAIXWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
• . 218-220 Montgomery St., Mills building.
AHGAIX; GOOD HOME, $1200; 154 ACRES;
best part of Monterey; koo'l house, barn, pure
water: cultivated to «• eat; portion of crop to go
with ranch. D.. box 91, Call. ■ .
A T SACRIFICE; 6-R.OM. COTIAGf.; HAHD
x\. finish; bath; hot and cold water; sewered;
8-foot basement: lot 60x150; : must sell Immedi-
ately; part payment accepted, or will rent by the
year. Box 261, Haywards, caL . .
LEG AXT VINEYARD; WOULD EX-
chan*e: rare bargain. Rm. 70, Columbia bid*.
A TED —IN KXCHA^GE FOR CITY
lodging-house clearing $200, improved conn-
try property; will pay part cash. bP.fc.CK & CO.,
612 Market St. ' ' ■ -
i hue Humes CLOSSE TO TOWN; IM-
JLj proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 years' credit. D. H. TWING. So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market at., 8. F.
ARGAJN— *4 ACRKS CHuICK FRUIT.
hay, grain, winter vegetabes. $26 per acre;
83 acres rich soil, 4 flowing springs. 9 5 per acre;
18 acres, running water all the year soil very pro- .
ductive, all fenced, $40 per acre, near.Pleasamon,
Alameda County, call or write, "67 'Chronicle
building. ;; ;,.-,. ■ -. i -
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California lanas for sale Dy H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building. San Franriscn, Cai.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILL BUILD 7-ROoM HOUSE ! OX LOT 40
' ' xlso to suit buyer; well located; $400 cash;
easy installments. Address A. L. TODD, Arling-
ton Hotel, Oakland.
I'VE BEr.N i OLD SO, BUT WOULD LIKE TO
investigate for myself— a handsome 6-room,
high-basement cottage, with bath, closets, pantry:
hard finished; very modern; line lot, and all com-
plete for $950; terms to suit your earnings; choice
lots also can be had for 576 and upward; streets
all graded; electric roads near and tine school-
house; Allendale Tract, in Fruitvale, adjoining
East Oakland : climate, soil ana view unexcel.ed;
conveyance free. 459 Ninth si., Oakland, H. Z.
J 1 'X ■ S, owner.
di«7^iO *ijj Full CHOICE BUILDING
<p I O lots In the town of Fiichburg; a new sta-
-1 tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and Ban Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from Han Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C M. KUNKLE, owner, bli'/a Washington at,
Oakland, Cal. . . --. .ug,
V4JJ 1 PL/) LOTS XEAK THIS ALTEXHKI.M IS
(JPI«JI/. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast: good Improvements.
H. B. PINNKY owner, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADTERIISnIENIs'
AtAMEDA IUiAL FSTATTS.
QMATL^SA^4^A^arE3TFjS6^VN7B^I^?C^
O ne as rent.
(2850— Handsome new colonial cottage: 6
rooms, laundry and ba:a; large lot; near Grand-
st. station.
$2500— Pretty colonial cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; just completed: near narrow-gauge station.
$3^50 — One of the handsomest and Cheap-
est cottages In Alameda; 8 rooms, bath aud
laundry, storeroom, etc.: all the lutes'- improve-
ments; op-u brick fireplace; pane: celling in din-
ing-room, choice corner lot, 50xi0L'; this is a bar-
gain. MARCUSE & IthJl.M Hi,, Bav-st. station
(broad gauge), Alameda: 6-8 Market st , S. F,
OtHc-oppn Sundays and holidays.
SUBURBAN real estate.
LTA PUNTA TRACT: gem OF THE BAY
District; 425 acres: subdivided: 3 raises north
of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland: 47 minutes from
San Francisco; lots 60x^0 J: from $100 to $200;
Installments: send tor a map. GEORGE W.
HA IO HT, 220 Sansomest.. S. K. '•
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
fflpfT'nn HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS; LOT~4Sx
(JplUvU. 125; street work done: five m notes'
walk to station. JOSEPH J. MASON, Berkeley
station. ■ vi-.
"VTEW 6-ROOM COTTAGE: MANTEL, BATH,
i.\ pantry, laundry, hot and cold water, stable,
chek' n-bouse; fenced; sewered; 2 blocks from
station: lot 40x100: $1600. W. C. MORAN,
Lorln, or F. BOKGLE. Golden Gnte. ' ■■ --v.*.v-
<E> 1 t\f\(\ HOUSE F 3 ROOMS IX BERKE-
«If>IUUU. ley: lot 75x125: uear station; $ICO
down. .$l5. monthly. CUAS. A. BaILEY, 20
Montgomery st.
Ut^l SOllVl.l.t IMi.i.I,H.i:.ML.
lloveiiientA of Irani- Atlantic Stnt n^-i
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 25-Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg.
HAMBURG— out Jan 25— Stmr Pho-
ned a.
GENOA— Arrived out Jan 2i— Stmr Columbia.
BKEMKRHAVEN-SaliedJan 24-Simr Wei-
mar, to- New York.
NAPLES— Salleu Jan 24-Stmr Fulda, for New
Yor.. •
31AURIAG*:- LICENSES.
The following; marriage licenses have been
issued by the County Clerk's office: > .
August W. Herget and Elinor W. Nealon, 27-22.
Alexis Bourbon and Anna Mist rot, 24-22.
JacobtJ. • en s and Minnie Wolf, v!7-2H.
( harles L. Huson and Lizzie Quigley, 20-29.
Camtou Hems and Anna Bnriueister. 50-45.
Fr deiick W. Roberts and Annie I rannett,23-22. I
Joseph T. Hem- and Mabel A. Fairbanks. 40-21.
K. M. Perm and Klizabeth Magulre. t>B-56. -
A. H. Anderson and Lizzie Olson, Si- 8
B ill A — MARlllAGi^— mM =
BURN.
BORNING— In this city, January 8, 1897, to the
wife of Louis Bornlng a daughter.
JOHNSON— In West Berkeley, January HI, 1897,
. to the wife of A. Johnson, a son.
KLEINERT— January 15. 1897, to the wife of A.
G. Klelnert, a daughter. . ... .
MADDEN— January 25. 1897, to the wife of
' Henry A. Maiden, a son.
RODGKKS— January 25, 1897, to the wife of Will
■*■' L. 'Rodgers, a daughter. '
FER— In this city. January 39. 1897,. to
the wife of William haefer, a daughter. i<- '- ;
SCHNEIDER— In this city, January 20, 1897, to
the wif>- of l ouls schneiler, a son.
" .UAUit.tJ. :,'./ i •:
ANDERSON— OLSON— In this city, January 24,
1887. by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case. Alexander H.
■". Anderson and \ Lizzie Olson, both of San Fran .
.Cisco;-.. .• . ■ • ••*: '. ..
BLACK — CAMPBELL-KtRCHNER — January
18. 1897. by Frink Kerrigan. J. P., Bnfuj iS.
Black and Ida Campbell-Klrchner.
WEISSKOPF— In this city, January 24,
1b97. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Emll Bibo and
■ Elizabeth Welsikopf. ■♦• •• • -
CAHEN— HART— In San Jose, January 17. 1897.
by the Rev. Dr. Brown, Isidore W. Cahen of San
Francisco and Bertha J. Har; of San Jose.
EGGERT— HELD— In this city, by the lie v. H.
Conies, Anton Eggert and Frlda Held, both or
sail Francisco. ... .. ...
HKIMS— FAIRBANKB-In this city. January 24,
18i>7, Joseph J. Heirns of sacra mauto and
Mabel A. Fairbanks of San Francisco. -
HENN— KOENiG— In this city, January 23,1897.
by the Rev. J. H. Kciiroeder, Henry M. Jienn
a id Louisa Koenig. •- " ■•
FRYKLUND— EDWARDS-In this city. January
, 1 8, 1897. by the K»v. J. G. Mangold, Emu ±ryk-
lund and WilhJlmlue Edwards. < ;  ;:;■;, f:
KOCH— Z vHN— In this clv. January 23. 1897,
' by the Rev. J. G. Mango.d, John Koch and Anna
Maria Zahn. \
LbUIS— TOMMERF.G— In this city, January 23,
1897. by the Rev. Mr. Wilson,' Charles a. Louis
/and Louisa P. Tommere; both of om Francisco.
i ROBERTS- BRAXXKTT— In this city, January
1897. Frederic* W. Rober s of Napa and
1 ' A nni»' Brannettof San Francisco. .
SYLVAR— PETERS— rn this city, January 21,
1897, by the Rev. J. M.' Buehler, Charles Sylvar
and Johanna L. Peters.
HIED. '
. Clark, Charles - .. Lille, Julie
Corcoran. Ann E. Liang. Gustaf
Da ton, John P. Mc<rory, Hannah
Fletcher, Mrs. Harriet McKmbln. Walter J.
Francis Ruby A. ■ . Me >t llllams. Michael
Fries -ben, Daniel N. Manbelm, Mrs. Paula
■ ! Gr.fflng,' 'leorga J. ■) Mangeis. John H.
:Hal:Lt-na. ; : Morgan. Mrs. C. W.
Kai-ter, Leopold Mullery. Elizabeth
: Lapham, Raymond K. .O'Tooie, Julia . ■ ■.
Larrondo, Ramona M. . . Been, Xlchoiaus ■
Lennard, Robert K. ' Rpichlln*. LoaU F.
■ ; i: . ; yangnns, WUUam W. . ■ -■
CLARK— In the Cltr am County Ilo^aitai. Jan-
uary .5, lS>t7. Charles Clark, aged 71 y«:irs. ;
COHCORAN— In this city, Januar •34 1837. Ann
X.. beloved wife of Daniel Corcoran, and mother
of ■W. P.Corcoran and Jlr«. K. vi v. i.iiy. a na-
tive of London. England, aged 67y-ari. Bos-
ton ( !a<s.) Pilot please copy. J
' * B3T Friends - and acquaintances are respect-
ful. yinviteu to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday);'at »:S0 o'clock a. m.. from her lat.-»
reside cc. JS6 P4rry street, thence to Si. Ro»e'«
Chufch, wtiers a solemn requiem mass will b.»
eelebrat-'d for the rt-pose of her sjul, com-
mencing at 9 oc:oe.i a. it Intermeat Mount
Calvary Coma tery.
DALTON-In Maci:y, Jnnuary 24, 1897 John
P., beloved busbani of Kate Dalto.i, an i brpiher
ol William and Ka;t> -L>alto'n t Mrs. R. O'Connor
• and Mrw J. H. M .han. and son-in-law of Mr.
and Mrs. D. •! rnoiina of Vallejo, a native Of
. Ban Francisco, aged 37 years and 10 mouth],
t'rlendii and lalnta ices are respect-
ful v invited to attend me funt-ral TO-MOHKOW
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his lata
resident 31t) Kilhnore siree. , the. ice to st.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn reauiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
nil soul, commencing at 9:80 o'clock a. m. In-
terment Mount. Calvary Ceniotery.
DH.VLIN— In this city." January 6, 1897. Mark
Devlin. ■ beloved husband of Ann l»«vlin, and
father of Mrs. J. o'Reil.y and Phoa'ie. James,
Edward, Annie. John and the lat" Mark D vlin.
a native or county Tyrone, Ireland, aged BJ
years 8 moo hi and 19 Jays.
FI.KTCHER-In this city. January 25, 1897. Mrs.
Harriet Fletcher, a native of Manchester, Eng-
land, in her 79. h year.
S3* Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Wednesday), at -2
o'clock p. m.. from the churcn of the Advent,
Eleventh street. near Marke.. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, oy 3:JJ o'clock F. M.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
FRANCIS— In Oakland. January 24, 1897. Ruby
. Agatha, beloved daughter of Joseph T. and Mary
F. FrancU. and sister of Gl.dii, William and
Joseph t'rancu, a na.ive of Oakland, Cal., aged
5 years 8 months and 24 days. f New Bedford
papers please copy.]
j(3~Frieudi» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atteuu the funeral 'IHIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10:b0 o'clock a. m., from her
' late residence, 1640 Myrtle ' street, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemeusry.
FRIESLEBEX— In this city, January 25, 1897,
Daniel X.. beloved husband of XIX M. Fries-
leoen, and father of .Mrs. L. C. Jacobs of Oro-
vllle. Mrs. C. E. Brooking and Kuth E. and Har*
old M. Frlealeben. and brother or .Mrs. B. Philips*
a viva o Bohemia, agei 64 years.
Friends ar» renpc'fullv InviiM *o attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Wednesday),
at 2 o'clock p. si., at hi« iate residence, '£'£'£A
Wa.shiug.on street,. Remains to be shipped to
Oroville for interment.
GHIFFING— In this city. January 24, 1897,
George. J., belovei husband of Gertrude Grlf-
flug. and father of Frederick. t»»or?9, William,
.harry, Bailey and Gertrude Grilling, a native of
Ne>«:Yorf, a'ieJ 69 years.
jg^Frieuds and acquaintances are respect-
ful. invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 41 Van XesJ avenue,
near Market street, intermeut Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
HALL— In the City and Count v Hospital, January
25, 1897, Lena HalL aged 27 years.
KAISER— In this city, January 28, 18»7, Leopold,
- dearly beloved busoand or Louisa Kaiser, a na-
tive or Dudersta.lt, Hanover, Germany, aged 53
year* 3 months and 29 days.
£g- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltei to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at ! 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
' lors of Charles J. B. .Melzler, 636 Washington
street, j interment Masonic Cemetery.
LAPHAM— In this city, January 1897. Ray-
mond E., beloved son of Lorenzo and Amelia J.
! Lapham. a native of baa FrancUco, aged 1 year
and 6 month*.
LARRONDO-ln this city, ' January 25, I*> 97.
' Kamona Mo ires de Larrondo, beloved mother of
Manuel J. Saymon and Mrs. Elena E. Lester,
a native of s-inalaa. Mexico, aged 46 years 6
months ani 26 days. ,';'".
LENNARD— In this city, January 24, 1597. Bob-
er X-, beloved husband of Esther Lennard, and
lather of Mrs. J. Ipawitcn of Martinez, Cal., a
native of ,Yor< shirs, England, aged 76 years 9
months and 6 days* ' ....
Xf3~Frlendi and acquaintances are respect-
• fn y Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), as 'i o'clock p. jr., from the Church,
o. the Advent, Eleventh street, near Market,
where services will ue held, Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
LILLE— In this city. Jannarr 23, 1 1897, Julie, be»
loved wife of Philippe Lille, mother of Charles
and Michel Lille, and grandmother of Eusehe
and Irma Lille, a native of France, aged 79
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 . o'clock p. M., from the par-
lors of J. L Godeau, 805 Montgomery avenue,
luiuriauiit 1. O. O. If. Cemetery.
LJUNG-In Los Angeles, January 22, 1897,
Gustaf Ljung. a native of oweden, aged 38 year*
and 11 mouths. ■
McGROKY— In this city. January 24, 1897, Han-
nah, belovel wife of Owen Me .rory, a native of
the parish of Clomany, County Donegal. Ire-
land, aged 4» years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend me funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday),, at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from tier
late residence. 128 Rlncon place, tnence to st.
Brendan's > tiurcu. where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
AIcKIBBIN—rn this city. January 25, 1807. Wat-
er J., beloved son Of Mary McKibbln. aid
brother of William, David and Saloy McKibbln.
a native of san Francisco, lue 1 27 years. I New
York City papers please copy. J •
£s"Frt<Mids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited toattend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at a o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Caarles J. B. .Metzter, 636 Washington
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McWILLIAMS-In South San Francisco, Janu-
ary 23. 1897.' Michael beloved son of Michael
and' Mary Me Williams, brother of Thomas,
James and Joseph Me Williams and Mrs.Thomaa
Parkinson, and nephew of Mrs. Rosauna Bald-
win, a native of Quebec, Lower Canada, a^ed 43
years and 8 days.
j&d"Frleuds and acquaintance! are respect-
fu ly invited to attend me funeral THIS 1> \ V
(Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the residence
of his parents, 13 M Twelfth avenue south, be-
tween M and L streets south, thence to All Hal-
lows Church, X street south, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth avenues south, wnore a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of hi* soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. 11.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MANGKL — In this city. January 24, 1897. John
Henry, beloved son of Mrs. Kmma and the Into
! Claus Mangels, and brother or Aggi<» Mangeii
and Mrs. Kmma Tiliman, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 31 ye:irs and X months.
jeSTThe funeral will lake place TniS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from si. Mark's
Church, O'Farrell street, between Franklin and
Gou'{h. Interment private.
MaNHEIM— In Reno, Nov., Jannary 25, 1897.
. Mrs. Paula Manhelm, beloved mother of a dulpn
and Ada Manheim.
MORGAN— In New York City, January 24, 1897,
Mrs. C. W. Morgan, mother of Bradley M.. Har-
v ey J. and Clareuce il. Chichestor.
MUI.LERY— In Alameda. January 24, 1897,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of N. R. Mullery, a na-
tive of London, England, aged 4) years and 8
months. MK9B*
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a.m., from the par-
lors of Smllev & Fowler, 1&24 Park street,' Ala-
' meda, Cai. Interment LO. O. F. Cemetery, San
Francisco. .
O'TOOLE— In this city. ' January 24, 1897, Julia,
relict of the late Cnr.stopuer O'Toole, a native of
Dunlin, Ireland, aged 67 years. ■
O"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
- (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from ber!a:e
residence. 1119 Filbert streot, theuqe. o St.
Bridget's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
. will be celebrated for tho repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. interment Ho.y
Cross Cemetery.
RECH— In this city. January 25, 1897. Nleholans,
beioved husband of Franziska,Rech..and tatuer
of Fannie and Otto K»ch, a native of Balern,
Germany, agei 61 year;. •
BEICHI.ING— In • Oakland, January 24, 1897.
Louis F., eldest son of toe late Francis anl
Louise KelcMln;. a native of Volcano, Cal., ag »d
4. 1 years 4 monciis and 10d>yi.
, O"Friemls and . acquaintances are respect-
' fully In vlted to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m. , from tats late resi-
dence, 911 Linden street, Oakland. Interment
; Mountain View Ceme'.ery. , >• •
VAUGHNS— In this city. January 25. 1897, Wil-
liam .Wilson, beloved son of W. W. and MM n la
Vaughns, a native of nan Francisco, ageJ 1 year
6 mon:hsnnd 6 lairs. •> . .. .
' WICAVO 4CAS.L H , T
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKRH,
SO e lftlx St., Opp. Lincoln School.
 Telephone 3080. i
jTSTTlcSrKiiOMKY^" "^"""^CHAsTMcM^Soiirrxr
A AltS M.CMENO3IKX. * SON,
LM>i:iaAKtUS AND Ai.Al ll3.
iui> i ji.i.^»i«ii Street, Near sovewii,
. -v: ,-.., .'lelephone bouth «54- •■■--
— — — — "— — . . "
JAS. ENGLISH. ' ST. R. CARKvV
CAREW & ENGLISH,
L^DERTAKERSJAND EMBALM.I^* .
. FUXKKAIi vijxkkcxoks; f. ■%
JP Van Ness aye.. 1 near j*uu'«.e. su. o^i -.''randjos
Telephone :ao. 168. ■■- ■ . .
i F. L.GUNTZ.I H. W. GANTNER.
GANTN2R & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and hmbaimers.
. ; 8 arid 10 CITY HALL SQUARE.
Telephone South 432. *" '
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
of burial pats and graves In Its cemetery and
give deeds.'.** ;■•".•-• ,-••■ ■■ •■ '■ ■ v .- ..•■.•
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at the
Superintendent's oftic? at the cemetery, corner
Bush street and Central venue, San Francisco. '
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY;
SAX ■■■ MATEO COUNTY: ; NEAREST CEM&
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sens* ax-
dud ye: location unexcelled. OOM-VII HUM
Weed iwuvutiai coxum <y on;*
1314
SUPERVISORS VOTE TO BOND
THE CITY TO BUILD SEWERS
The Legislature Requested to Enable the Board to
Bring the Question to an Issue.
This Decision Was Reached
Speedily and Unanimously
Yesterday.
TWO INTERESTING INTERVIEWS I
Mayor Phelan and Ex-Mayor Sutro
Say That They Consider the
Action Premature.
The Board of Supervisors voted yester
day afternoon to ask the representatives '
of San Francisco in both branches of the
Legislature to work for an act to enable :
trie board to submit to the taxpayers of- j
this City and County a proposition to j
issue 4 per cent bonds to run forty years, j
No amount of bonds which it is proposed •
to ask for was mentioneu. The purposes ;
for which the bonds are to be issued are,
as set forth in a preamble and resolution, |
"to complete a sewer system compatible
with its (San Francisco's) growth and
reeds, and to clear itself of a just in
debtedness, which wns contracted in the
legitimate pursuit of its business."
This was the last matter to come before j
the board yesterday. To the astonish
ment of Mayor Phelan, which he audibly ;
expressed immediately after the adjourn- ;
ment of the board, the preamble and reso- j
lution were passed without any cebate i
arid unanimously. The terms of tiie reso- j
lution are in exact accordance with the I
terms of a petition which was presented i
last week and which bore the signatures of j
between 400 and 500 business firms and j
persons roughly estimated. This petition j
was referred one week ago yesterday to j
the Committee on Legislation, of which
Supervisor Britt is cnairman. The com
mittee yesterday reported the preamble
and resolution, which mean so much, and
the report was adopted without delay.
Immediately after this a motion to ad- ;
journ was made and carried.
Mayor Phelan looked surprised and ex
pressed freely freely.
"I am greatly astonished," he said,
"that there was no debate. I had ex
pected that there would be some debate
on that report."
Supervisor Britt, who stood near, said: i
"We all thought that it was a good thing j
and so we passed it."
Mayor Phelan called for the petition
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
WILL NOT CLOSE
Many Teachers Willing to
Donate Their Ser
vices.
A Generous Offer Will Be Made
to the Board of Edu
cation.
All Agree That a Prolonged Vacation
Would Rain the Discipline
for Some Time.
The public schools must not be closed
for all that the Board of Education states
that there is not sufficient money to pay
the teachers for the full twelve months,
and that retrenchment of at least one
month's salary is necessary. Such is the
edict that ha 3 gone forth from quite a
number of public school teachers of this
City. It must not be understood by this
that they assume to dictate to the board,
but rather desire to keep the schools run
ning at their own expense, if necessary,
and trust to the public's sense of justice
in the matter of the payment of salaries
by and by.
When it became known that there would
be a deficiency in the fund from which
they receive their pay and that the mid
summer vacation would be likely to last
ten weeks instead of six, the teachers in
several, and probably many, of the schools
began to do a little thinking on their own
account as to how it could be pre
vented. At last a plan was sug
gested which they believed would be
accepted even though it meant much
Belf-»acrifice and, perhaps, hardships on
their part. Who originated the idea or
how it started is not known, but the plan
is this: That the public schools should
be kept open during the month in
question and that the teachers will give
their services gratis if necessary; but,
trusting that the Supervisors in time
will make a special appropriation for the
services performed. As stated the idea
met with favor in general, but still there
are those who have no desire to labor for
nothing and others who believe that
under the law their salaries will go on
whether the schools are closed or remain
sew to-dat:
BABY'S
SKIN
» In all the world there is no other treatment
Bo pure, so sweet, so safe, so speedy, for pre-
serving, purifying, and beautifying the skin,
scalp, and hair, and eradicating every hu-
mor, as warm baths with Cutictra Soap,
and gentle anointings with Cuticura (oint-
ment), the great skin cure.
Qticura
_ II sold throurhont the , world. . Potts*
Dkvo ft Crim. Corp., Sole Props., Boston.
Bar "All About the Skin. Scalp, and Uair, n tree.
E V ERY TTFMftI? From Hm P l » te ******
JU f XilW X XI I) ULUBi cured by Cuticwa.
which had led to the renort and the im
mediate action of the Supervisors, ana
scanned the signatures to the petition.
The preamble and resolution reported
and adopted are as follows:
WHKKEAS, The citizens and taxpay- j
en of this City and County have filed I
with the clerk of tfcis board a petition j
requesting that a resolution be adopted !
memorializing the present Legislature j
to pass a law eiving power to the Board
of Supervisors of the City and County
to submit to the citizens a proposition
to issue bonds for the payment of out
standing indebtedness and for the in
auguration of a complete sewer system ;
therefore,
RESOLVED, That this board requests
the present representatives of this City
and County both in the Assembly and
Senate to use their efforts in the direc
tion of having an act passed to enable
the board to submit to the taxpayers of
this Ci(y and County a proposition to j
issue 4 per cent bonds to run forty
years to enable this municipality to
complete a sewer system compatible
with its growth and needs and to clear
itself of a just indebtedness which was
contracted in the legitimate pursuit of
its business.
Supervisor Rottanzi said last evening
that he thought that there could be no
serious objection to ttie resolution. The
purpose of passing it was to secure some
action on tne part of the present Legis
lature rather than to wait two years.
When the Supervisors are enabled to pro
ceed they enn go ahead whenever the
time arrives for such action.
The language with which the resolution
concludes, '"to clear itself (the City and
County) of a just indebtedness which
was contracted in the legitimate pursuit
of its business," while it is a little in
definite may be held to apply to the set
tlement oi something like $200,000
worth of indebtedness for supplies
and stores furnished to the City,
which were never paid for because
they were in excess of the appropriations
for the years in which the debts were con
tracted.
Mayor Phelan and ex-Mayor Sutro were
interviewed last eveuing concerning the
bond proposition.
Mayor Phelan said : "The action of the
board in the matter of asking authority
to issue bonds for a sewer system and to i
pay the City's creditors was hasty. Prom- I
inent firms petitioned for this at the last
meeting, and as it was referred to a spe
cial committee — the Committee on Legisla
tion — it was lost sight of and was brought
up at the last minute out oi order. The
report should have gone in with other re
open, and that they can legally collect for
the iull twelve months.
Those who are most earnegt in the plan
suireesied state ihat patriotism and the
love of their profession are not the least
j important features of the movement. Be-
I sides, to have such a long enforced vaca
! tion would do much to destroy the dis-
I cipline of the schools. Among those
foremost in the movement is A. L. Mann,
principal of the Denman School, and he is |
ab!y supported by the vice-principal, Mrs.
E. M. Baumeardner. When the Board oi !
Education meets to-day they will present
the following communication:
Sax Francisco, Jan. 26, 1897.
To the Hon. Board of Edtication — Uentlemen:
The teachers of the Deuman School respect
fully request your honorable body Dot to close
the public schools of the City and County of
San Francisco for a month, or any length of
time on account of a shortage oi funds. We
think that it would be a great injury to the
pupils under our charge to omit any portion of
the studies or discipline for the scholastic
year.
As to compensation for our services, if you
should be compelled to withnold any part of
our annual salary we are quite confident that
the people of this City, acting through you
and the Honorable Board of Supervisors, as
they have frequently done on similar occa
sions of this kind, will take care that our past
dues shall be fully repaid in the shortest time
possible.
Quite a number of the fifteen teachers
in that school will sign the communica
tion, but Mr. Mann stated that he wasjnot
in a position to speak for all, as he bad
not been able to discuss the subject with
every one. In speaking of the situation
he said: "We have been through this
■ same thing before and we have never
lost very much. We need not fear in this
instance, for the people, the press and the
I politicians will not see tne teachers loae a
dollar. Furthermore, I will say for my
self and my vice-principal that we have a
sincere feeline that we would rather teach )
for a month for nothing than see the j
schools close — for the children's sake and '
for the honor of the profession.' 1
Professor Charles Murphy, the head of
j the department oi political science 1 at the
; Polytechnic High School, said :
"The suggestion I would make to ex
tricate ourselves from the difficulty would
be to continue the schools and let the
teachers wait for their salaries, even if
they had to depend on the liberality of
the Board of Supervisors in the tax levy
for the next fical year.
"The closing of the schools will not
remedy the evil. It in doing a great in
justice to bar the doors at a critical period
during the latter half of the school year.
From conversations with numerous teach
ers lam of the opinion that a very large
majority favor the continuance of the
work even at the sacrifice of their salaries,
as has been the case in the past"
Similar views are entertained by Miss
Pbelomena Nolan, the principal oi the
Washington Night School. She has dis
cussed tne situation with the teachers of
that school, and says they agree to the
proposition. As many of the pupils who
attend that institution are children who I
labor in the daytime, adults wno are en
devoring to secure an education, and many
people of foreign birth, the confusion of a
long enforced vacation would do more
harm than can be estimated.
W. N. Bush, principal of the Polytech
nic High School, spoke of the matter in a
rather conservative manner. He said
that if the other teachers are required to
donate their services tor a month he would
do likewise, but he is of the opinion that
it is a case of law and not contribution.
If he understands the situation the teach
ers are engaged for twelve months, vaca
tion or no vacation, and that if there is no
money in the regular fund for their pay
ment they will be paid out of the first ac
cumulation in the Treasurer's general
fund.
Miss Georjsie Morse is emphatically op
posed to giving her services for nothing
and said: "Why should I? Who will pay
my board bill while I am performing a
service for the people? We are obliged to
iireßS, buy shoes, gloves and pay carfare.
But few teachers have been able to save
much money for a rainy day, and those
who have not saved will be obliged to
borrow money at 3 per cent interest while
working for nothing. If it is 'close the
schools or work for charity* I prefer to
close the schools so that I can go to the
country, where livine is cheaper and
where one can wear out some of one's old
dresses." Miss Morse said several other
equally breezy things relative to a big city
getting into such a tix as to make such
affairs possible, but added in conclusion
that if the City would promise to pay
some time she would be willing to work,
even if she had to borrow money and
stand the interest herself.
Auditor Broderick, after a careful con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1897,
ports, and the resolution should have
come up later, when it would not have
been unexpected.
"Its object now is, I think, to sound
public opinion. It mentions no amount,
because, I suppose, there is no data before
the board concerning the cost of a sewer
system. The way to proceed is to first
ascertain, by a commission of engineers,
what the City wants and then provide for
it. lam now in consultation with an emi
nent engineer, and have, learned the
methods of otbercities.
"Granted that our sewer system is seri
ously defective, of which we have abun
dant evidence in Grunsky's and Manaon's
reports, we want a scientific plan, and
then decide to build a large section of it
yearly, either out of the tax levy or by
bonds.
"Until the magnitude of the work is
known, I would not decide which metood
is the better. The City Hall, now practi
cally completed, will require no future
levy, and so the builuing of sewers, alter
a comprehensive plan, might take its
place, and $250,000 on $300,000 annually
might be appropriated lor this purpose.
New sewers are urgent. They are not so
urgent, however, but that such an outlay
will not suffice for construction, as lar as
I can see, at the present time. Or perhaps
a comparatively small bond issue, to
gether with an annual levy, might be best.
It all depends on the magnitude of the
work, its urgency and cost. I will care
fully inquire into these matters and ad
vise the board, which will, 1 am sure, act
with care and deliberation when their
vole carries with it the expenditure of
public moneys."
Ex-Mayor Sutro said: "I do not think
that it is wise to proceed until this matter
is discussed publicly and the people have a
chance to reach a conclusion. lam in
favor of paying up the indebtedness of
the City. The goods were furnished and
the debt is justly due. The debt ought to
be paid out, of the regular income. It is
not exactly legal, but the honor of the
City and County is concerned.
"There is no doubt that a sewer system
is necessary, but Ido not think that it is
wise to attempt so large a work in a time
oi financial depression, when we do not
know what is ahead of us. We should
wait. lam of the % ouinion that the first
step to be taken should be the appoint
ment of a commission, to be composed of
competent engineers, to make plans and
give an estimate of the probable cost.
"There are things absolutely necessary
for our welfare. We need a sewer system,
but we also need a water works system, to
betwned by the City and County. If we are
to incur a bonded indebtedness we should
have the sewer system and the City and
County's water system included, and the
bond issue should be sufficient to provide
for both of these large enterprises.
"At this time the City is in a wretched
financial condition. We should not go
ahead until we have absolute security that
the money will be actually expended eco
nomically for the purpose in view. The
commission should be appointed to con
sider bota the sewer and the water works
systems. I think that we could well wait
two years with advantage. If we have
lived so long with our present sewers we
can live a little longer. I would suggest
a commissiou to include Professor George
Davidson, Colonel Mendell and Mr. Grun
sky or Mr. Manson. Such a commission
would not entail heavy cost for tlaefr ser
vices.
"We should have our whole plan well
in hand before we proceed. Ihere will
be no risk in bonding if the thing is prop
erly done and at the right time. But we
must have a perfect system before we
start. In two years we may be prepared
to go on."
siderationof the finances of the School De
partment, has reached practically the
same conclusion as Chairman Waller of
the Finance Committee of the Board of
Education. He said yesterday that theie
will be an actual deficit amounting to
$71,055 24 at the end of the present month.
He submits the following figures to
demonstrate what the actual fact is: •
Overdrafts for six months $18,873 85,
bills on hand not audited $17,959 12, esii
ruated teachers' salaries $74 000, estimated
office and shop expenses $5.")82 50. Tnis
makes up a total of $116,415 47.
Tne estimated overdralt on January 31 is
estimated at $33,084 14, and there is also
due half the salaries for November, 1896,
amounting to $37,973 10.
BELIEF FOR INDIA.
The Chamber of Commerce Has Called
a Big Sleeting to Consider
the Subject.
The Chamber of Commerce has called a
mass-meeting for Thursday afternoon to
consider the sending of relief to sufferers
from the famine in India. Mayor Pbelan
has been invited to preside.
Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber
of Commerce, and a number of other
prominent business men, including George
W. McNear and I. J. Truman, are inter
ested and are co-operating with the citi
zens of Berkeley and the members of the
faculty of the Siate University, who
started the movement. Proceedings at the
mass-meeting will commence at 2 p. m.
« — ♦ •
Jewelry store, 5 and 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
THE CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR.
What a Prominent Merchant Thinks of
the Coming Convention.
L H. Morse of the King-Morse Com
pany, who returned last week from the
East, in speakinz of the Christian En
deavor convention to be held in this City
next July, said:
Yes, the Christian Endeavor convention ia
going to be a great thing for California. All
through the East, wherever I went, I found
the people tain ing about it and planning tor
it. i visited Chicago, New York, Boston, Ixjw
ell, Mass., Pittsburg. New Orleans, Indianapo
lis and a number of smaller places. Every
where I weat I took occasion to introduce my
self as a Califirulan and to speak a word of
invitation to the convention. What I had to
say was everywhere received with the greatest
interest, find I found the people— especially
the young people— eager to learn more about
our Golden West. I think we will have a big
crowd out here next July.
The American Bark Snow & Burgess Making Port Last Sunday. The Gracie S Put a Pilot Aboard When Off the Farallones
and a Few Minutes Before the Tug Active Took Her in Tow. The Snow & Burgess Left Australia a Day Later
Than the Swanhilda.
DETECTIVES ARE
STILL HOPEFUL
No Sign of the Swanhilda,
but She Is Hourly
Expected.
The Captain of the Snow and
Burgess Looks for Her
Next Week.
Remarkable Experience of a Water-
Front Expressman Last
Week
Every vessel that is siehted from Point
Lobos nowadays is at once set down as the
long-looked-for Swanhilda. Towboatmen
and ship-owners look for her either to
night or to-morrow. Should she not put
in an appearance during that time, then
they say she will not get in for a week.
Their opinion is based on the reports of
the barks Andrew Welch and Snow and
Burgess. "There must have been heavy
westerly weather outside," said Captain
Marshall of the tug Active yesterday.
"There was a heavy westerly swell rolling
in last Sunday, while the wind was from
the northwest. Both the Andrew Welch
and Snow and Burgess reported westerly
weather, and it should bring the Swan
hilda in to-night or to-morrow if she is
anywhere in the vicinity of San Francisco.
The Snow and Burgess took a different
course altogether from that taken by the
Swanhilda. He stood away to the west
ward and came up around the Marshall
group. The other vessel was spoken in
the vicinity of the Fiji group by the
Taupo, and must thus be taking the same
course as the Morialta, that was 70 days
gettine here from Newcastle. If the four
master reported by the Australia is any
where in the vicinity she should be along
inside of 12 hours."
The report of the Snow and Burgess will
make interesting reading for nautical men
who are figuring upon the arrival of the
Swanhilda. It is as follows:
Sailed from Sydney, N. S. \V., November 25.
Had northeast to north-northeast wind trie
first four days out, with line weather; then
had easterly and southeasterly winds from
light to brisk. Crossed the 180 th meridian,
in latitude 27 deg. south, thirteen days out.
Got the southeast trades in latitude 23 deg.
south, longitude 177 dee. west, which were
moderate to iresh, but lost them in latitude
10 deg. south, longitude 172 west. Then we
had calms, baffling, squally winds and much
rain. The weather was very sultry and warm.
Got the northwest monsoons in latitude 9
deg. 30 mm. south, longitude 171 de?. west,
which carried us to latitude 6 deg. south,
longitude 162 deg. west, where we got the
northeast trades. Crossed the equator in lon
gitude 163 deg. 30 mm. west, thirty-five days
out. Lost the northeast trades in latitude 23
deg. north, longitudo 167 deg. 30 mm. west,
and then we had southerly to south westerly
breezes, with occasional rain and hard squalls.
On Sunday, January 17, we lost the fore and
main topgallant sails in a hard squall in lati
tude 35 deg. north, longitude 146 west. In
fact, it has been very squally for .some time,
and we bursted several sails after we left the
northeast trades. Then we had south to south
east wind and misty, rainy weather to within
fifty miles of San Francisco.
If the Swanhilda struck the same winds
and encountered the same conditions as
the Snow and Burpess she should be along
here any time. If she struck the calms
encountered by the Morialta around the
Fiji islands she will not be herefor a week.
The following notice 10 mariners in re
gard to the navigation of the Straits of
San Juan de Fuca has been issued t>y the
Branch Hydrographic Office:
Notice is hereby given that the Point Wilson
buoy, a first-class red nun buoy, No. 6, has
dragged 200 yards to the eastward. It will be
replaced on Its old bearings as soon as prac
ticable.
Tnis notice affects the list of beacons, buoys
and day marks, Pacific Coast, 1895, page 58.
Jerry Sullivan, the well-known water
front expressman, had an experience the
other night that he is not likely to forget
in a harry. It was past midnight and
very dark and cold. The horse and wagon
had been put up hours before and Jerry
was sleeping the sleep of the just. He
was aroused by s <me one thumping on
the stable door, and when Jerry put his
head out of the window upstairs he
learned that the man who was making all
the noise had been directed to his place
and wanted him to go out to Hegger'ty's
saloon on the ocean beach and brine in a
trunk. He ofrered to pay well for the job
and Sullivan finally agreed to go. He went
out alone and secured the trrfhk, but on
his way beck got lost in the park and al
most ran over two men who were fighting
in one of the side walks. One of the men
ran toward the beach and the other man.
pulling a gun, betran to fire and yell at
him to stop. Jerry's horse took
fright and ran away, and when he
finally reached the Baker-street en
trance the man who had done the firing
was waiting for him. He asked a number
of questions, and ended up by letting
Jerry go with a warning never to mix
himself up in a scrimmage again, "lie
dad," said Jerry at parting, "it was you'se
that mixed me up. Sure an' I was the
innocent victim. Didn't my horse run
away, and haven't the trees scraped half a
gallon of paint off the wag n."
||Jerry finally reached the water front
again and after stabling the horse carried
the trunk up to his room. Next morning
the stranger came along and had jrith him
a large valise. He paid the expressman
well and said he would take the contents
of the trunk along with him. Jerry
offered to help, but the man said
"no," and going into the room
slammed the door in Sullivan's face. Ke
was inside about ten minutes and then
came out, saying he would call for the
trunk in a week. The next day he was
back again and got the expressman to
take the trunk to the Oakland ferry. That
was the last seen of him, but ever since
Jerry has been wondering what was in
that* trunk. He cannot understand why
it was necessary to go and bring it in from
the Cliff House in such a hurry and why
the contents should be taten away at on«
time and the trunk at another. It may
nave been opium, stolen property ora
dead body: and says Jerry: "Bedad I d
give a week's wages just to know what the
thing really held."
Charles Denker, a stevedore in the em
ploy of Chase & Co., was badly injured on
the steamer Progreao yesterday. A coal
bucket fell on him. breaking his jaw and
shoulder-blade and also several of his ribs.
He was removed to the German Hospital.
The sealing schooners LuJsu D and Kate
and Ann were reported yesterday by the
steamer Arcata. The former had 126 and
the latter 90 skins when spoken.
Sixty-three days out is the record of the
Swanhilda this morning. When the ship
arrived at Newcastle from Cape Town she
was fifty days on the passage, which is
ordinarily made in ten days' less time.
Her hull was foul, as she had not been on
a drydock or cieaned for a long time, and
this was the reason given by the agents
for a loss of 25 per cent of speed between
the two ports.
The Swanbilda has not been cleaned
and is sailing between two ports on a pas
sage that consumes aa average of bO days.
If she loses 25 per cent from the foul con
dition of the bottom she will be out close
on to 75 days. The prospect of ten more
days' watch for Butler is not very alluring
to the detectives who pace Meiggs wharf
day and night, and the lookouts on the
tugs anb pilot-boats, but the watch will
go on till the big four-master shows her
royal trucks above the horizon.
To-day Detective Roche will arrive
from Washington by the overland. He
will go directly to the office of Captain
Lees, thence down to Meiggs wharf, where
he will take his place in the watching and
waiting for the Swanhilda.
A PIONEER GONE.
P. I. Blunt Surrendered to Death in His
i: ifchty->evrnth Year, After Several
Mont li* of Ailing.
P. U. Blunt, a pioneer, 87 years of age,
Phineas Underwood Blunt.
died at his residence, 714 Larkin street,
last evening.
The deceased came to this State in 1848
and settled in San Francisco, where be
has lived almost continuously ever since.
He was well known in the mines and later
in local bu siness circles, and he numbered
among bis friends many who have helped
to make the history of California.
For two years past he has been ailing,
and latterly he was frequently confined to
his bed. His death was not unexpected.
CHARITY BAZAAR.
Many Interesting Curiosities Will Be
Shown for the Benefit of the
House of Refuge.
The Federation ot Women will hold a
curiosity bazaar at the home of Mrs. E. K.
Btevenot, 1518 Taylor street, on Tuesday
afternoon, February 16, at which there
will be pretty and attractive modern
booths, as well as an interesting collection
of curiosities.
Among the relics in the antique-room
will be a sbawl 100 years old oelonging to
Mrs. K. Oatman, which bears the portraits
of George and Martha Washington, and is
embroidered with scenes from the Revolu
tionary War; a porringer belonging to
Mrs. Eva Bates, which was used in a Pil
grim Father household; a bow and arrow
which was given by the chief of the Fraser
River Indians to Mrs. L. M. Kimball's
father, and a number of fine old editions
ol books.
The House of Refuge has now nine in
mates.
The Steams Bicycle.
The new home of the Steams Bicycle
Company is at 210 McAllister street.
The '07 model just received ia pro
nounced by the knowing ones "the com
pletes! thing on earth."
The Sterns is one of the few bicycles
which have gained universal favor during
the past few years.
A large sale of their new wheel is pre
dicted.
•> — * — «
Sued an * per»-Housf> Company.
A suit has been filed la the Justice's Court
against the Kehrlein Opera-house Company
for $299 50, architects' fees claimed by Leist
& Scnweidl.
NEW TO-DAT— GOODS.
,^^niTO^ iS lIUI O U 3
yE V WHERE YOU GET 3
THE PROFIT— WE 3
GET COST, THAT'S ALL, NO MORE— SOME- 3
TIMES LESS. FOR ONE DAY ONLY— 3
THAT'S TO-DAY. =5
SIX SNAPPY SPECIALS. I
A LIMIT ON ALL BUT TWO.
KTo. i. 3
LADIES' JAPANESE SILK HANDKERCHIEFS-The 9c 10c anH 101/ 12
lots all on sale to-day at ' nd 12^ c
6icE!acli. 3
Not more than four to each customer. —^
3NTo. 11.
HONEYCOMB FLEECED FLANNELETTES-Factory remnants 2 to in =S
yard lengths. The 12}£c grade to-day at ' '
So 3T£trci. 3
Not more than a dollar's worth to each customer. " **
T\To. XII. 3
LADIES' ALL-WOOL UNDERVESTS-Black or gray, Swiss ribbed =^
x traight cut; sizes 3 and 4 of H N L S and sizes 3, 4 and 5 of H N S S !
I cheap at 75c. To advertise to-day, ' ""*
480 Eacti. |
Not more than two to eacu customer. -^
3STo. ITT. 3
COMPOSITION BOOKS-6^x834 inches; extra superior gloss paper for =55
pen and ink. : Th* 4c ones to-day at -«•
2sC IEESiE&oIfoL*
Not more than four to each customer. -j |
3\To. "X 7". —2 '
TWO-TONED FANCY JACQUARD SILK3-A wonderful offer; lull 19 3'
. inches wide. The entire 75c line to-day at
SOc^Yard.
KTo. "V7:i. |
LADIES' DOUBLE CAPES— Freeze and Kersey cloth; tan, navy or black; =3 I
fane braid, smalt buttons. Yesterday they were $7; for to-day only to 32
advertise, ' — « >
S4j9Bßaoh.. 3
SUCCESS OF THE CURTAIN SALE. 1
If our customers have ever shown us their appreciation It
was at the Curtain Sale yesterday. The biggest, Jolllest crowd 12
of curtain seekers you ever saw and with every seeker was a --S
satisfied smile- Just as good values to-day. The crowd may "^
be larger. Good news spreads, you' know.
TO-MORROW MORE PLUMS-NICE, BIG, JUICY ONES, 3
READY FOR THE PICKERS. LOOK FOR THE "AD" TO-MOR- -«
ROW. •
MEET 3VCJE3 J±.T 3
/ [incorporated] 3
937-945 Market Street, =2
SA.V HiANCI.>CO. — «
WE CLOSE EVERY NIGHT AT SIX O'CLOCK. 13
RIVAL EDITORS
FIGHT A DRAW
The Outcome of the Trouble
Between T. E. Flynn
and J. H. Barry.
A Blackthorn Cane Figures as
the Weapon in the Early
Morning Contest.
Confl cting Statements as to the Part
of the Principals — Bail Deposited
by E ich for Appearance.
The contest which has been waged in
the editorial columns of the Wasp and the
Star by Thomas E. Flynn and James H.
Barry yester«iay resulted in a battle be
tween the rival editors. They met near
the corner of Montgomery and Sacramento
streets and there was a brief and decisive
struggle, and then Edward F. Leonard,
the officer on the beat, took both to the
California-street station. There they put
up $10 each for their a!>pearance to-day.
At the station their clothing was shown
to be marked with Montgomery-street
m.ud.
Said Mr. Barry in regard to the circum
stances of the fight:
"I had just got off the Sacramento
street car at the corner of Montgomery
and was on the way to my office when a
slight breeze seemed to lift my hat off my
head. I turned round to recover it and
confronted Tom Flynn in the act of rais
ing a heavy blackthorn cane to strike.
"I immediately grappled with him and
a struggle ensued. I got hold of bis right
wrist so he coula not use the cane and we
wrestled till we approached the edge of
tbe sidewalk, when I threw him into the
gutter. I was then on top and bad pos
session of the car.c.
'Turther proceedings were stopped by
the arrival of an officer. That is all there
is to it.
"The evening papers contain a state
ment that I was struct fonr times. It is
untrue. I was not even scratched. As
exhibit A in this case l speak for myself."
Mr. Flynn said: "This originated
through a criticism I made at the time of
the appointment of the committee to go
to Washington in connection with the
railroad. Barry was put on the commit
tee along with George K. Fitch and James
D. Phelan, and I said he waa not a repre
sentative man and shouldn't be put on it;
that he only discredited it. Barry began
at once to say all kinds of false things
about me and lasc week he was particu
larly offensive.
"This morning I was walking up Sac
ramento street and he was comin • down
on the dummy of a Sacramento-street car.
As I sawhim I bailed him, but he paid no
attention to it. He rode on till he got
about twenty yards from the crossing,
when he jumped off and walked very
quicltly toward his office. I followed him
up rapidly, and as he was going around
the corner 1 grabbed him by the shoulder.
"Then I asked rum why he bad been
printing such scandalous stnff about me
as had recently appeared. He said some
thing about printing what he pleased, and
would give no satisfaction. 1 had a cane
and I gave him a blow on the «ide of the
face, and directly I gave him another one
on the other side. He was dazed and con
tinued to grab for the stick. I hit him
about four blows. I kept backing off, so
as to get the use of the stick, and in doing
so I slipped from the curb and went down,
and pulled him down on topof me. That's
about the amount of it. I expected when
I saw him to five him a couple of good
whacks with the stick and end it at that."
IN AID OF THE HELPLESS
Ladies of the Golden Gate Com
mandery Entertain Suc
cessfully.
Many People Listen to a Good Lit* L
erary and Musical Programme, r
About $600 Realiz d.
The Ladies' Club of the Golden Gate
Coinmandery last night gave its annual
entertainment for the benefit of the
Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home.
It took place at Golden \ Gate Hall, Sutter
street, and about 300 people were present,
Cassasa furnished a good deal of the
music. Besides this there was a regular
literary programme, several-people of note
appearing, j
• The club is composed of the wives and
sisters of members of Golden Gate Com
mandery. it is organized for social pur
poses, but once a year gives an entertain
ment in aid of the widows and orphans.
The building was beautifully decorated
and there were small canopies arranged
in which were attractive booths where
refreshments, such as lemonades, punches
and cigar*, could be obtained. These
were liberally patronized, so that it was
thought on tooting up the profits $500 or
$600 would be realized.
A good part of the evening was spent in
dancing. The best people of the City were
represented. Mrs. C. J. Field, the presi
dent, and Mrs. J. K. Firth, the secretary
of the club, with other officers, were pres
ent and did all they could to mase the
affair a success. The literary programme,
with the music in connection with it, was,
as follows: . . . . :." '.* '••. 1
Overture, Casassa's -orchestra; song, Master 1
James Robertson; selection, Ferris Iluitman;
solo, "To Nina," Mrs. Eva Tenney; recitation,
John ; McCollqugti; Philomel quartet, "Peas
ants' -Wedding March," Mrs. Eva Tanner, Mrs.
Ella B. Blanchard, Mrs. Busie Hert Mark, Mrs.
Emily Parent; aria. Sign 6r Abramoff; son)?,
•Costermoneei," Mr. Williams; recitation,
Miss Pearl Ola Humphrey; - song, "Thou Art
My Rest," Miss Paraskova Sandelin; whistling
solo, selected, Miss Gertrude Judd.
-- '.-. -■; ,- ■ .-.■ — '♦ ■» •- :
If your printer can't get the "Genuine Bank
Stock" paper, send to Mysell-Rollins, 22 Clay.*