VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 97.
TO RESCUE
BESIEGED
MOSLEMS
Foreign Admirals Take a
Fresh Move to Enrage
Cretans.
WARSHIPS ESCORT MEN
TO CANDIMOS.
The British Consul Goes With
a Big Force to Relieve a
Beleaguered Town.
INSURGENTS ARE DESTROYING
THE WORKS.
la Defiance of the Great European
Powers Greece Goes On With.
Warlike Preparations,
CANEA, Crete, March 6.— The foreign
admirals have, it is believed, taken
another step in behall of the Turks, ana
fuel has thereby been added to the in
dignation of the Christians. Orders have
been issued for the British warships Rod
ney and Cainperdown, a Russian warship
and the French warship Chanzy to land
500 men to escort. Sir Alfred Billiotti, the
British Consul here, to Candimo?, whither
he proceeds with the ostensible object of
rescuing the besieged Moslems.
The Consul is on board the Rodney. It
is thought that the real object in landing
the foreign force is to compel the insurg
ents to raise the siege of Candimos, if
necessary.
Candimos is among the mountains,
seven miles inland. ; It is reliably stated
that there are 9000 Mussulmans in the
town, and that their situation is very
grave. The insurgents' guns are destroy
ing the works, which the Turks are gal
lastly defending.
A number of combatants on both sides I
have been killed, including some of the
leaders. \
The 500 foreign Bailors and marines
have been landed, and will start at once ',
for the town.
Colonel Vassos has communicated to ■
the admirals of the foreign fleets that he j
will secure the liberation of all the Mus- j
sulmans captured by the insurgents on I
condition that the prisoners abandon i
their arms and take no further part in the
righting. j
ATHENS, Greece, March 6. —The fever
ish activity which has characterized the !
movements of the military and naval
authorities continues unabated.
A Turkish gunboat, believed to be the
Euphrates, has been wrecked on the coast
of Epirus. The fate of her crew is not re
ported. I
NEW YORK. N. V. : March 7. -A spe
PRINCE GEORGE OF GREECE, in Command of the
Greek Fleet Sent to Cretan Waters.
The San Francisco Call
cial cable dispatch to she Herald from
Athens says: Quite a warlike aspect is
visible all over the squares and streets of
the capital. The Government intends to
call out the last two classes of reserves.
The Government will to-day submit a
reply to the collective note of the powers.
A Turkish warship, while attempting
to land troops at Douro, in the Gulf of
Arta. was chased by the Greek revenue
cutter Afroissa. Being unable to escape
she ran ashore and only fifteen of her
ew were saved.
GREEK JiESt.i(Vt.S CALL 80.
King George Summon* Warriors in J hit
Country.
NEW YORK, N. T.. March 6.— A cable
dispatch was received by D. N. Boiassi,
the Greek Consul-General in .New York,
this morning from M. bkouzes. the Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs, say;ng thai Greece
had calied on the reserves of the classes of
1886, 18b7, 1868, 1869, 1870. 1871, 1872 and
I>7;> ana ordered them to join their re
spective regiments at once. The Consul
is instructed to give immediate informa
tion to all the Consuls of Greece in the
United States and expects them to do
their duty. Ail the Greek citizens of this
and other cities were notified of this order
to-day. There are 20,000 Greeks in this
country, of whom about one-fourth are
subject to conscription. Failure to obey
THE GREEK NAVY, AGAINST WHICH THE COMBINED FLEETS OF THE GREAT POWERS AND OF THE SULTAN OF
TURKEY MAY SOON BE ARRAYED.
The Greek Navy consists chiefly of unarmored cruisers and half ironclad sloops of war and gunboats, a flotilla of sixteen torpedo-boats, only eleven of which are in commission; three first-class
steel battle-ships, all launched within the past seven years; one coast defense ship and one armored cruiser of ihe type of thirty years ago.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 7, 1897— THIRTY PAGES.
this mandate carries punishment of two
years' imprisonment and a tine.
Consul Botassi said the cablegram was
of a most alarming nature and war
seemed imminent.
"It is very serious," said Mr. Botassi.
"I am instructed to even call out the re
serves^ that belong to the classes as iar
back as 1866, and so it is evident that King
George sorely needs the support of every
able-bodied Greek in his struggle. The
men whom this call affects are only too
willing to go if they can only afford tne
cost of the journey. The Government haa
no appropriation for the transportation
of the reserve?- I receive daily hundreds
cf offers from patriots who remember the
days of Marathon and whose lives are at
their King's service. Considerably over
100 have left already and many more are
preparing to join their respective regi
ments."
"I very much fear," continued Mr.
Botassi, "that on Monday war will be de
clared. King George has been given
until noon on ihat day to declare his in
tentions, and I feel almost certain from
the tone ot dispatcnes I have recently re
ceived that King George's answer will be
the brave, defiant answer that Greece" has
always given to her enemies, whether they
be great or small. In the name of King
George I wish to officially notify all
Grecian reserves who are in this country
that their fatherland calls them back to
the ranks, and to all. Greeks, whether they
hive fought in bygone days or whether
they have not, in the name of my king
"your country wants you."
vela* js .i a*l7 m .
But ire the Meantime Warlike Prepara
tion* Will I'roreed.
BERLIN, Germany. March 6.— The
authorities of the Foreign Office here con
tinue to express confidence in the ultimate
submission oi Greece to the demands of
the powers for the withdrawal of the Greek
fleet and troops from Crete, though the
King and Government of Greece, for rea
sons of domestic policy, may go to the
most extreme verg» of war with Turkey
before complying with the requirements
of the powers' demand. The latest official
advices from Athens point, to the certain,
fact that the foreign representatives will
leave the Greek capital on Tuesday if the
reply of the Government of Greece to the
ultimatum of the powers is unsatisfac-
tory.
The tenor of the reply of Greece to the
demands of the powers is already fcnpwn
from the personal communications of
Premier Deiyannis to the foreign Minis
ters and an answer will be substantially
that Greece declines to withdraw her
troops from Crete altogether, but will
offer to station them in certain districts
of the island, provided the Turkisn troops
be confined to c?rtain other sections,
while the Cretans shall bo allowed the
freedom to vote upon the question wheth
er the island shall be annexed to Greece or
placed under an autonomous adminis
tration.
This plan is known to have the approval
of France, Italy and Great Britain, but
theatitude of Austria is doubtful. The
Kaiser and the Czar, however, will be cer
tain to reject this method of settlement
and will insist that a complete evacuation
of the island by Greece must be prelimi
nary to further negotiations.
The terms of the reply will lead to a
prolonged exchange of communications
between the powers and cause a cessation
of action in the meantime.
If as the result of communication be
tween the powers the blockade of the
Piraeus should be enforced, there in still,
however, a prospect of a settlement of Ihe
trouble without resort to arms. It is re
c.tlled how events developed in 1886, when
Greece made a claim toa section of Mace
donia to balance the acquisition of East
ern Roumama by Bulgaria. Greece at
tnat time mobilized and massed troops on
the frontier and had several encounters
with the Turks. The powers presented
Greec? with an ultimatum and demanded
her disarmament. After a delay of a
week Greece answered the ultimatum, and
SENATOR MORGAN of Alabama Says That Congress Will in the Near Future
Provide Means for the Construction of the Nicaragua Canal.
the reply being inadequate the Ministers
left Athens and the powers blockaded the
Greek ports.
The Delyannis Ministry, which was then
in power in Greece, resigned, and after a
diplomatic struggle lasting a month, the
King, with a provision*.! Government, gave
way to the inevitable. This is a matter ot
history which is likely to be repeated.
Nevertheless Serviaand Bulgaria are mak
ing every preparation for possible eventu
alities. Since King Alexander of Ssrvia
returned to Belgrade from h is visit to Sofia,
orders have been issued by the Servian
Minister of War, General Miskovitch, for
an immediate re-enforcement of the Ser
vian troops on the southern frontier. Bul
garia has been making ready to mobilize
her army, and alreacTy has" 20,000 troops
between Dulnitza, Samakov and Tatarba
Continued on Second Sage. :■;■}
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
NICARAGUA
CANAL TO
BE BUILT
Senator Morgan of Ala
bama Speaks of the
Great Waterway.
NEEDED AS AN ARTERY
OF COMMERCE.
The Entire World, and the Pa
cific Coast Especially, Wcuid
Be Greatly Benefited.
STUBBOEN VIEWS OF CLEVE
LAND CRITIC. ZZV.
Energy of Calilornians Dong Much
to Aid the Required Channel
of Trad.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 6.— The
Call correspondent, by appointment witu
Senator Morgan of Alabama, met this dis
tinguished gentleman at his residence to
night, and was accorded an interview with
him on the subject of the proposed Nica
ragua canal. Senator Morgan, like all of
his colleagues, is much fatigued after bia
all-night vigils in the Senate chamber
during the closing days of the fifty-fourth
Congress, but when his favorite topic was
proposed he entered willingly and ear
nestly into a thorough discussion of the
subject.
At first Senator Morean (being politi
cally opposed to the administration now
in power) disclaimed any knowledge of
what its policy might be, but before the
close of the interview he expressed the
opinion that no action would be taken
during the extra session of Congress,
which by proclamation of President Me-
, NEW t TO-DAT.
ITCHING ECZEMA
An Editor's Little Son Suffers
Terribly. Itching Intense, Face
Raw and Bleeding from
Constant Scratching.
Cured by Cuticura*
"- • '
My little boy was afflicted with Eczema In
acute form for nearly a year, during ■which
time we tried without success every known
remedy. The disorder appeared on the right
cheek and was of a blistery and bloody form.
His pillow, mornings, would bear the bloody
imprint of the side of his face, while it was
impossible to prevent the little fellow from
scratching his face, owing to the intensity of
the itching. I was advised to try Cuticuka.
The first application was made before putting
the child to bed, and the appearance of the
affected parts showed a noticeable improve-
ment the next morning. As a result of the con-
tinued use of Cuticura my child has as fair
and smooth skin as can be found anywhere.
W. S. NEEDHAM,
Editor and rub. Standard, Pataskala, O.
Sfisdt Onus Tkbatuzitt. — Warm baths with Cdti-
cr»A Soap, gentle applications of Ccticcsa i ointment),
the (rest (kin core, and mild doses of Ccticcra Rksol-
txitt, greatest of blood purifiers and humor caret. '. : f ■
Bold throughout the world. Fottzk D.A C. Coir.. Sola
Props, Boston. , OUT* " How to Cure Skin Diseases," free.
SKIN IRRITATIONB ccBSHS I^
Cnnr "Weak backs, painful kidney*,
OUIIIL aching muscles, uterine pains,
«■- ■.. , rheumatism relieved quick as an
11 1 P C electric flasn by the celebrated
HUd Collins' Voltaic Electric Plasters
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when yon
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it. .. : '
LEVI STRAUSS 4, COS
CELEBRATED COPPER BEVETEO
OVERALLS AND SPRING 'BOTTOM PANTS
Are made of the best materials.
Sewed with the best threads.
• ' ' Finished in the beat style.
EVERY; G4RMENT GUARANTEED.
. . FOR SALE EVERYWHEHB.'
I ~ ' ~~~
,' CCIU J^ for a picture of our <
Factory, we will mail ' one .to you free •
of charge. ,
L ;
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
San Francisco,
' . CALIFORNIA.2
Kiniey promulgated 10-day is to meet on
March 15. Senator Morgan said:
"I would much rather not give any ex
pression of my opinion as to the bill's
chances at the present time, for really
there is little that I cnr» say. The new ad
ministration bas only been installed two
days, and therefore has had no time to an
nounce its foreign or domestic policy.
Certainly I, as one of opposite political
faith, have no means of knowing what its
policy will be as regards the building of
the canal. In a few days, or as soon as th*
new President has had time to familiarize
himself with the duties of his office and
has had time to consult witn his official
advisers (his Cabinet officers), I expect to
have a long talk concerning the canal.
Until then I will be unable to form any
definite opinion as to the chances of my
bill. I will say, however, that I beiieve
that the new administration will favor the
project. •
"The new Secretary of State, Mr. Sher
man, served for many years on the Senate
committee with me and I know his policy
very well. He favor* my bill, for he bas
reported it to the Senate twice. It is true
Mr. fcherman has in times past changed
his policy with respect to legi-iation pend
ing before Congress, but I have no reason
to believe that he will be inconsistent in
this regard. I feel quite sure the canal
bill will pass. If we cannot get it through
at the extra session our efforts will be
renewed next winter. Until I have talked
with the Dowers that be I will be unaDle
to express any positive opinion as to the
bill's chance? at the extra session. lam
rathei incline.] to believe, however, that
President McKinley ana Speaker Reed
when they met yesterday concluded it
would be wise anJ expedient from a politi
cal po.nt of view to attempt no legislation
at ttie extra session beyond the passage of
a tariff bill and of the appropriation bills
that failed by reason of the veto or non
signature of President Cleveland."
The Call representative sugeested to
Senator Morgan that during a recent inter
view with Speaker Reed the latter stated
to the correspondent that the state of the
Nation's finances would not warrant ex
travagant appropriations for public build
ings or for any otuer public works, be
cause the Wilson tariff biil aid not pro
vide adequate revenue, and for the same
reason Mr. Reed as a member of the Com
mittee on Rules had refused to set a day
for ccn-idp-ration of the N caraguan canal
bill. The Call correspondent then asked
Senator Morgan, "Do you think it possible
that after a new tariff bill has been passed
Bpoater Reed will be willing that Congress
should expend money for needed public
improvements, including the canal's con
struction?"
. Senator Morgan seemed half inclined to
resent the imputation of the Repub ican
party that the Wilson bill had failed to
provide sufficient revenue, but wisely con
cluded not to defend this measure, but to
shoulder the responsibility upon the Su
preme Court of the United States, which
had nullified the income tax. He ex
pressed his conviction that the time would
come when this court's personnel would
be so changed that the constitutionality
of an income tax measure would be cou
lirmed.
Senator Morgan thought that perhaps
Attorney-General McKenna would suc
ceed Justice Field on the Supreme Court
bench and was anxious to know what view
Mr. McKenna might entertain as to the
constitutionality of an income tax. He
peemed very much interested in Judge
MiKenna, particularly as he had heard
that Judge McKenna had been appointed
a United States Circuit Judge chiefly
through the influence of Senator Stanford.
Morgan's interest in the matter is only
natural, since the Pacific Railroad force
closure suits are to be prosecuted by At
torney-General McKenna.
Returning to the canal topic, Senator
Morgan gave ex-President Cleve and a
roasting for issuing millions of dollars'
worth cf bonds for the profit of a syndi
cate of bankers when half of that money
would have built the Nicaragua canal, the
construction of which would be of incalcul
able benefit to the woild and* especia'ly to
the United States in time of war and in
time of peace. "No wonder the whole
world regards our policy with amaze
ment," said Morgan.
The Senator further expressed the opin
ion that Cleveland had studiously, stub
bornly and jealously opposed every one of
the foreign policies which liad prevailed
during the administration of his prede
cessor, Mr. Harrison.
"The people of the United States," he
said, "are learning more every day about
the incalculable advantages that wou.d
accrue lrom the canal's construction, both
from a commercial and patriotic point of
view. The time is not far distant when
there will t be such a demand for the c«nal
from all sections of the country that the
people's servants in Congress will not
dare to longer disregard that demand.
"The people of California and the Pacific
Coast are naturally most to be benefited,
for they will be relieved of the monopoly
and tyranny of the Pacific railroads. It
is therefore only natural that they should
take the lead in the canal matter. The
Californians are people of indomitable
energy and enterprise, and friends of the
canal biil expect them to continue their
efforts, which have been so valuable to us
heretofore. 1 firmly believe that by per
sistent and united efforts we will be at
last successful in build ing a waterway that
will be the grandest artery of commerce in
the world, of inestimable benefit to the
commercial population of our country,
and in time of war o." advantage that can
not bo calculate I in dollars."
FURTHER FLOODS IN THE EAST.
Great Damage h Caused in Ohio and
Kentucky — Heaviest Rainfall in
Twen y-Ftve Years.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 6.— Tne
Pennsylvania railway annulled all its
trains north and east to-day on account of
the Indiana flood.
ZANESVILLE, Ohio, March 6.— Both
the Lickine and Muskmeum rivers are
very high this morning. Ovt-r fifty houses
are under water. Great damage is done
to the Baltimore and Ohio tracks. Trains
are sto' ped.
DAYTON, Ohio, March 6.— The Miami
River levee gavo way this morning, and
North Diy ton was soon underwater. It
came with a rush, and alt the residents
were driven to the second ntories, many
families having narrow escapes. There
is practically no way for the water to get
out. Its df pth is rapidly increp.sing.
The Big Four express from Chicago for
Cincinnati was derailed by a without
near Shelbyville this morning. Three
sleepers, two delivery cars, a baggage-car
and engine went in:o the ditch, but noone
was hurt.
LOVELAND. Ohio. Marc!> 6.— The dam
age hy floods here already amounts to
$100,000. Railroad traffic is suspended.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March 7.— The Mississ
ippi river is rising at the rate of four
inches an hour, and at noon to-day the
gauge marked 22 feet. Thi* is near the
danger line. Tne damage to property in
the western suburbs of St. LouU is esti
mated at $100,000.
Railroad traffic is being gradually re
stored. Reports received from points
along the Missouri R.ver are to the effect
that the rainfall is the heaviest in over
twenty-five years. The damage to farm
property will reach |250,000.
The British Consul at Canea has gone to Seliao with the warship Rodney to endeavor to secure protection for the 2000 Mussulmans be
siesed in the fortress by the Cretan insurgents. Selino is the most importaut place in Southwest Crete and is reached by land by only one
ri ad from the nortu side of the island.
ORGANIZATION OF
THE NEW SENATE
A Matter of Some Concern
to the Republican
Caucus.
Uncertainty as to the Seating
of Oregon and Kentucky
Appointees.
Hints That All Other Parties May
Combine to Capture the Com
mittees
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 6.-The
first caucus of the Senate of the Fifty-fifth
Congress was held this afternoon. It was
not productive of result?. After a discus
sion of one hour and a half, during which
Senator Allison of lowa was made the
caucus chairman and Senator Wilson of
Washington re-elected caucus secretary,
a resolution was adopted authorizing the
chairman to appoint a committee of
seven, of which he himself is to be the
head. This committee is to be known as
the committee on the situation.
The discussion this afternoon, while
larsely informal in character, developed
the fact that the Republicans are not
agreed as to where they stand or how they
will stand when the membership of the
Senate is completed by the election of
Senators in Oregon and Kentucky to fill
existing vacancies.
Senator Aldrich, a member of the steer
ing committee of the last Senate, started
the discussion with the statement that
the caucus should decide whether it
should at this time appoint a committee
to nil the vacancies in the Senate commit
tees, or whether it should appoint a politi
cal committee similar to the steering com
mittee of last session.
Senator Aldrich, who had given the sit
uation in the Senate very careful consid
eration, was inclined to go slow, and sug
gested that it would be wise for the
Republicans to know their strength be
fore asserting it. This suggestion ap
peared to meet with the commendation of
the other leaders in the Senate.
Senator Proctor said there could be no
doubt that the Republicans would have a
majority in the Senate with the vote of
the Vice-President. He asserted that a
Republican would be sent from eacn of
tne Stales of Oregon and Kentucky.
Inasmuch as this makes but a total of
forty-four votes, and as forty-five are
necessary to lie the Senate on a lull vote,
Proctor was asked where he proposed to
get that one vote.
Proctor evaded the question and the
conversation became general.
It is said that no names were mentioned,
but tbe intimation was very sir. nsly con
veyed that Kyle would supply that vote.
Kyle is the Populist recently re-elected
from South Dakota •Dy the s lia Repub
lican vote after the greater part of his own
par-y Lai forsaken him. bhoud he vote
with the Republicans and should they get
the two votes irom Kentucky and Oregon,
Vii-e-Presiden t Hobart would be in a posi
tion to cast the deciding vote on ail con
tested questions.
The action of Governor Bradley of Ken
tucky in appointing Mr. Wood to succeed
Blackburn was commented upon. It was
conceded that this appointment would be
contested and that the credentials of Mr.
Wood would be sent to ti.e Committee on
Privileges and Election*, where a light
against him would be inaugurated.
Tbe resolution of the (Senate in the Man
tle case was also referred to and the pre
diction made that Mr. Wood would hardly
be permitted to take his seat.
Senator Hoar took tbe ground that the
Kentucky case was controlled by the de
cision in the Blair and Bell cases from
New Hampshire, a decision which, he ob
served parenthetically, ought to have been
respected in consideration 01 the Mantie
case. For this reason it was believed by
many that no Senator from Kentucky
would be permitted to take bis seat until
he whs elected by the Legislature.
The Oregon case also came in for some
discussion, Senator Proctor making tbe
statement that the Governor of tnat State
would also appoint a Senator.
In view of ail these facts, it was agreed
that it would be the rart of wi-dom to
move slowly, and a resolution offered by
Cullom, and modified at the suggestion of
Hoar, was agreed to, providing for the
committee heretofore indicated. This
committee will confer with the Demo
cratic leaders in an endeavor to ascertain
the "situation," and will report to another
caucus wh eh will be held Tuesday.
Senator Platt of Connecticut suggested
that the conditions in tbe Senate were
such that a political advisory committee
was absolutely essential, and, temporarily
at least, the dvii s of the old steering com
mittee will be performed by tbe committee
which Allison is authorized to appoint.
Plait's suggestion iloubtless grew out of
the minor that has been going the rounds
for several days that the Democrats, both
sound money imd silver, ir.tend to com
bine with tbe silver Republicans and Pop
ulists in an attempt to capture the com
mittees ana organizations of the Senate.
Tuis alleged combination was not referred
to this afternoon in specific language, but
was ninted at in tbe numerous references
to "existing conditions" and phrases of
similar import.
Tne tariff was mentioned bnt incident
ally. No uneasiness was manifested on
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
SELINO AND VICINITY.
that score and the statompnt was made
that there w> v d be no sprious opposition
to the pas a,'e of a tariff bill constructed
by Repub. icans after a reasonable time
had been given to debate.
No otner questions were discussed. The
sneakers were: Senators Frye, Hale,
Pritchard, Hoar, Cullom, Chandler, Piatt
of Connecticut and Carter. The latter
gentleman gave every evidence of working
in perf- ct harmony with bis Republican
associates, regardless of his predilection
for silver. He advised the caucus that
ih re was no need to hurry in this matter,
ana suegested, as had several others, that
belter results might be obtained by first
ascertaining what the exact situation in
the Senate was.
Platt of New York did not attend.
Hanna and Foraker of Ohio were present,
and participated in the i roceedings only
as intensely interested spectators. Neither
of them addressed tin* caucus.
It is probable that after Allison's com
mittee have had a conference with the
Democratic steering committee, a Demo
cratic caucus will I c called.
EXTRA SESSION PROCLAMATION.
President McKinley Calls Up en Congress
to Assemble on Monday, the 15th
Day of March.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 6.—Presi
dent McK.nley's first official proclama
tion was issued this afternoon, with the
attestation of the new Secretary of State,
John Sherman. It reads as follows:
By the President of the United States of
America. — A proclamation.
Wheeeas, Public interests require that the
Congr.ss of the "United States shall be con
vened in extra session at 12 o'clock on the
15th day oi March, 1897, to receive such com
munications as may be made by the exec
utive;!
Now, therefore, I, William McKinley, Presi
dent of the United States of America, iio here
by proclaim and declare that an extraordinary
occasion requires the Congress of the United
States to convene in exirn session at the
Capitol, in the city of Washington, on the
15th day of March, 1897, at 12 o'clock noon,
of which all persons who shall ai that lime tic
entitled to act as members thereof are hereby
required to take notice.
Given under my hand and 'the seal of the
United States, at Washington, thin 6;h day of
March, in the year of our Lord 1897 and oi the
independence of the United States the one
hundred and iwenty-firat.
William McKinley.
By the President:
John Sherman, Secretary of State.
CABISET OJ.FICe.ftS A WOfi-\ JJV*.
Interetting Ceren*ony in tli* Jilue boom
of I tie Mh.tr Jiorfi.
WASHINGTON, D. C, .March 6.— A1l
the new Cabinet except Secretary Gage,
were sworn in^ by Chief Justice Fuller in
the blue room of the Wnite House this
morning.
The Ctiief Justi c subsequently pro
ceeded to the Treasury Department, wnere
he administered the oath to the new Sec
retary of the Treasury, Gage.
The ceremony was ia the nature of a
private affair, but ior all that and the
limited number that witnessed it tho
dainly blue room was pretty well filled.
Presideai MiKmley was seemingly the
most interes-ted spectator. With him
were Mr. Porter, his secretary, and Lieu
tenant Gilmour of the regmar army, who
hart been assigned to duty as temporary
aid to the President. T. G. Bancroft
Divi^, the venerable reporter ot the Su
preme Court, and Mr. Foust, the crier,
were also present.
Justice Brown is a Michiaan man, a res
ident of Detroit, and it was at the request
of General Alger, his feHow-iownsman,
that ne swore in the new Secretary ot
War. The Chief Justice and Justice Gray
administered the oath to the otner mem
bers present.
At the conclusion of the ceremony the
members of the Supreme Court tiled out of
the blue room to tue public lobby, the tall
and distin uifcbed Justice Harlan leading
the way, with the venerable Justice Field
leaning on his urnu The President and
bis new advisers went up &tairs to the
Cabinet-room to get their overcoats and
hats and then proceeded to their respective
departments to mcci the officials and em
ployes of each.
Chief Justice Fuller and his fellow jur
ists went over to the Treasury Depart
ment and met ex-Secretary Ca'rli's.e and
Secretary Gage in the Secretary's office,
where the oath was administered to Mr.
Ghi-8 in the presence of a large number ot
officials and clerks. Nearly everybody in
the department had a chance to shake t lie
new Secretary's hand when the ceremony
was over, and Mr. Gage did not get a rent
until noon.
A orief informal meeting of the new
Cabinet was held in the Cabinet room
just prior to the swearing in. Nothing
important was said or done. President
McKinley chatted with each member,
after which he ieceived several delega
tions.
B. AW AIl'S t-X-Q UEtS.y.
Sendi a Xvte to the I'reaidrnt lieqtinat
. • in<t an Interview.
WASHINGTON, D. O, March Julius
Palmer, ex-Queen Lihuokalani's private
a cretary, accompanied by. her aid, Mr.
Heleluli, bore to . the White House this
morning an autograph note from • her re
cent Majesty addressed to "His Excel
lency the President."
On account of the crowd, the emissaries
did not attempt to entei the mansion, but
confided the note with their cards to one
of the policemen on guard at the entrances
for delivery. Mr. Palmer diplomatically
declined to confess any knowledge of the
contents of t tie note,, but; it was learned
that the ex-Que n is desirous of having
an audience with the President at the
earliest possible opportunity. .
Ki>i>pm Hi» Prrdre-mor'm Hrerr.tary,
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 6.—Secre
tary oi tue Interior Bliss has retained as
private secretary Mr. Price Lane, who has
acted in that capacity lor Mr. Francis.
. — » » *
Beechams Pills— equal for Constipation.
LEGISLATION FOR
THE WATER FRONT
Assemblyman Pohlman Is
Working to Secure Im
provements.
Proposed Issuance of Bonds ior
the Extension of the
Seawall.
East Street Should Also Be Put in
Conditicn to Moke It a Credit
to the City.
SACRAMENTO, Cat,., March I.— Gus
Pohlman, chairman of the Assembly Com
mittee on Commerce and Navigation, re
ports that the committee has about fin
ished its work.
"Among some of the bills considered by
the committee," said Poulman to a Call
reporter this morning, "is the measure to
transfer to the San Francisco harbor fund
$43,125. This amount is over and above
the sum allowed the depot fund and has
I been in the State treasury for some years
: past an 1 could nof be used for any pur-
I pose under the law. By the adoption of
this bill the Harbor Commissioners can
be enabled to make vast improvements on
the water front.
" 'Bond bill, 1 or bill 472, relating to the
irnprovement*of the water front, is a mat
ter that I have been required to explain to
many inquirers. To repair the wharves,
including the placing of new piles, re
plutikin_-, etc., will cost no small amount
Assemblyman Gustave Pohlman*
and it will be a question of only a very
short time when the same work will have
to be gone over again.
"There is urgent necessity for the con
tinuation of the seawall to the south. By
the terms of this bill bonds are to be issued
for $1,000,000, payable in twenty years. Ie
woula not only be an enduring improve
ment to the harbor but a source of reve
nue as well.
"After the bill shall have been approved
by the Governor the voters will be given
an opportunity to vote for the bonds at
the next election.
"I believe in good roads and a good
water front," added Pohlman. "During
my residence in San Francisco, for the
past forty-four years, I can look back and
recall many of the old-time wharves, the
dangerous mantraps and the inconvenient
landings. East street should be of uni
form width and reDaved in order to com
plete the work and make the water front
a matter of priue to us."
XBE XA.JIUA AL OCA
Governor - Budd'* Appointment* Con*
firmed— So Camp Sites — >o Orereoati.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., March 6.— Some
time ago the announcement was made
that Governor Budd did not intend
to send to the Senate any of
the appointments he had made
in the National Guard for fear that
they would not be confirmed, and that to
overcome this he intended to allow the
appointments to expire and that he wouli
re-appoint toe nominees after the adjourn
ment of the Legislature. This woul<l hare
affecte i the division comraanler, General
Jamas, Brigadier-Goneral Warneld and
many others.
At a late day the Governor did send in
the names of the individuals appcinied
by him and they were all confirmed on
Friday.
Another matter which interested the
National Guard wa* the question oi camp
sites and military camp 3. Senator Dck
mson was the father of a measure for the
appropriation of $40,000 f r the purchase
of two sites. In me Senate this provision
was killed, as wis also the provision for
< vercoats for the guard, the latter on the
ground of economy.
Senator Dickinson pave notice of re
consideration in th j matter of camp sites
and if that fails he will try to have an ap
propriaiion of $40000 passed for expense*
of military canj|<s during the next two
years. There have not been any such
camp 3 for three ypars.
TO RESCUE
BESEIGEO
MOSLEMS
f Continued from first Paae.\
zarajik, while she can mobilize 140,000
men at a week's nonce.
.♦ , ;
POWER* JSOr iX ACCORU.
England Anxiout to Extend the lime
to Greece.
LONDON, Eng.. March 6.— There still
does not seem lo be complete accord
among the powers, especially in the case
of Great Britain, as to when the final
steps shall be taken to coerce Greece into
complying with the demands that have
en made upon her by what i* called
"United Europe." So far as foreign af
fairs co, trie so-termed Infallible British
Prime Minister seems to be in doubt as to
the outcome of his vigorous policy, which
has called forth heartfelt condemnation
by many English newspapers, and it is
said that he will propose to the other
powers that before blockading the coast of
Greece that country be given an extension
ot time in which to consider her re
eponse to the collective note demanding
her withdrawal from Crete.
Indecision is generally a sign of weak
ness, and it is so believe I In this case to
be. It is thought that Greece does not
need ar.y farther time to consider what
reply s c will make to the powers. 6mall
and weak as she is it is judged from the
dispatches irom Athens tnat she is thor
oughly determined to maintain her pres
ent attitude and defy the powers to do
their worst.
In the meantime the admirals com
manding the foreign fleets off Crete have
been ordered to report a plan for the
blockade of the Greek coast, and this in
the face of the menacing position evi
denced by the mobilization of the Greek
army and a report that a squadron has
started for the ccast of Macedonia.
A re&orter of the United Associated
Presses was told at the Foreign Office to
day that the officials there still had confi
dence that there would be no armed colli
sion between Greece and the powers, and
if the statements attribute-d to the Greek
Prime Minister, M. Delyannis, be true it
is evident that the Foreign Office officials
are viewing the situation with an optim
ism that is not warranted by the facts.
Though the current of British sentiment
flows strongly in favor of Greece in the
Cretan imbroglio, it is apparently not
strong enough to direct the policy of Lord
Salisbury. He may pretend to bow to the
popular will, but really he is taking Ms
own course, acting on the dictum of Lord
Beacoustield that diplomacy must be
guided by statesmen and not by the
"chatter of irresponsible frivolity."
Following the iuea that the Govern
ment's foreign policy, right or wrong,
should have the support of the country,
some of the Liberal papers are discovering
that something can ue said of diplomatic
action which, though contrary to general
sentiment, is, in official opinion, keeping
Europe out of war, an opinion which it is
leared will shortly rece vo a sudden
shock. The Gladstone, Labouchere and
general Liberal comention that Crete
ought to be united with Greece has led to
some public enlightenment on the exact
j :stice of the Greek claims, the position
of King George toward certain of the pow
ers and what might be the results of union
upon Crete.
It has transpired that King George since
his settlement on the throne has been
drawing annually from England. France
and Russia a pen-ion of £12.000, each
power giving him £4000 per annum upon
the understamlin that that sum shall
continue during the good behavior of him
self and subjects. There are those who
look upon the Greco-Cretan trouble as a
prearranged scheme to save the King
and his dynasty from a revolution, which
would embarrass the King and his guar
antors.
Anent the Greek claims, racial and re
ligious, there are now voices beard pro
testing that the modern Greek is the
merest mongrel making fraudulent use of
tradition, a most indifferent Christian,
and wanting Crete for the purpose* of rob
bery. It certainly can, be affirmed with
accuracy that the people of ;he lonian
Islands ceded to Greece through Gladstone
regret the change lroni prosperity and no
taxation under Britain to diminished
trade and heavy imposts under Greece.
A letter issued by ihe Geographical
Commercial Society of Paris from a Syria
correspondent declares that t c Cretans
distrust Greece, ant want autonomy.
Under tho Turklne Cre»an Christian have
been exempt from military service, paid
with much irregularity their imposts and
have long bad a quasi independence. An
nexed to Greece they would be liable to
military duty, be burdened with taxation
and a mob of Greek functionaries to rule
over them and collect the taxes. This is
of course ex pane evidence, and it does
not in any way agree with the statements
of the leaderß of the Cretin in-urgents,
who declare that they will fight to the
death to free themselves from every sem
blance of Turkish rule and who protest
that they desire annexation to Greece.
Probably Lord Salisbury and other
European diplomats care little for the cry
of Crete foi the Cretans. But it is obvious
that autonomy similar to that of the
island of Samos would commend Itself to
state-men. Samos has a purely Christi n
population and so differs from Crete,
which has about one-fourth Moslems.
Samos, be it noted, though entirely Greek,
has refused to become a part of Greece,
preferring autonomy with an annual
tribu c oi 300.000 piastres to the Suitan to
being ruled by Christians of the same
race.
Turkish Conmul I dieted.
BOSTON. Mass., March 6.— The Grand
Jury 10-day reported an indictment
against Joseph A. lasisi, Turki«h Consul-
Ueneral at Boston. He is charged with
the embezz'empnt of over $100 000.
Is a good time to put your physical system in
good order by purifying your blood and build-
in up your health in order to avoid sickness.
Tatc 1 '- i .vf : .:?;; ,' ';;■■;: -.:. :.; : ;
Sarsaparilla
The best— ln fact the Qne True Blood Purifier.
Hfind'^ PillQ do not " cause ; pain or
11 U > rlllb g ripe> All druggUts. 25c.
TIME SET FOR
ADJOURNMENT
Both Houses of the State
Legislature to Conclude
March 16.
Passage of the Bill for the In
corporation of the Town of
Emeryville.
Several Measures cf Importance
Passed by tne Senate and
Assembly.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 6.— Senate
bill legalizing ibe incorporation of the
town of Emeryville was passed by liie
Senate to-day.
The conference committees of both
b0u863 this afternoon agreed to report in
favor of adjournment sine die at mid
night, March 16.
Tbe Senate this morning passed the fol
lowing bills: Braunban's bill to compel
common carriers to equip cars with auto
maic couplers and brakes and locomo
tives with driving wheel brakes, and lo
compel street railways to provide euards
for cars and dummies; Linder's bll to
provide a free wagon road from Mono
Lake basin to Tiopa mine, connecting
Mono basin with the San Joaquin Valley
road system; Bert's bill to amend the
code relating to retaliatory clauses con
cerning insurance companies; Gleaves'
bill allowing the peop c in criminal cases
to appeal from an order setting aside an
indictment or information; Linder's bill
to amend the act relating to the forma
tion of reclamation districts; Ararn'y bill
relating to the collection of assessments
in reclamation districts.
The bill authorizing the State to buy
two military camps and appropriating
$40,000 therefor was defeated.
The bill introduced by Braunhart pro
viding for the issuance oi $1,000,000 in
bonds to create a fund for the extension
of the San Francisco south seawall was
considered. An amendment was adopted
restricting the expenditure of tne money
entirely on the southern extension. The
bill was made a special order for Monday
afternoon.
The Senate this afternoon passed the
following Assembly bills finally: Provid
ine for ihe recording of notices of mining
locations, amending of defective locations
and for deposit of district records with
County Recorders; providing for a sys
tem of street improvement bonds to rep
resent assessments for costs of street
improvements.
Assembly bills relating to appeals from
judgments and orders; relating to the
transmission by justices of copies of their
dockets to higher courts on appeals; pro
viding for the organization of drainage
districts to drain Jands other than swamp
lands; fixing the law on th« subject of
esirays, were passed as amended.
Senate bill adding a new section to the
code relative to the liling of accounts of
guardians after their deatii was rea>l.
A resolution was presented by Flint in
dorsing Frank Coombs Speaker of Assera
btv, for the appointment to the position
g~y ■ I wr± A Has the honey bee, large fields of sweet-
-1 I '|j)f% scented wild flowers, a climate that is
nearly always summer, and yet Cuba pro-
duces no honey. Why ? Because bees won't store up their
honey in Cuba. They make enough to live on from day to
day — they live from hand to mouth, as the saying is. This 1
is just the same with some men ; they have the bone, the *
muscle, the constitution, but they don't develop strength
because they refuse to nurse and save and store their energy.
Then the time comes when they ought to have a store
of strength to draw upon, and, having dissipated their nerve
energy, they become weak, puerile creatures ; they have no
vim, no energy, no lasting strength ; they are premature in
their prime, the nerves are easily unstrung, the muscles soft
and flabby, great beads of perspiration come out on their
foreheads at the least excitement; they easily become
unstrung, unnerved, unmanly ; they are ready to cry aloud
for help for the hand that will uplift, uphold. To such men
; as these the remedy treatment Hudyan is a great boon.
Hudyan is a remedy treatment prepared especially by
the doctors of the Hudson Medical Institute. No one else
can administer Hudyan. This remedy will stop the waste,
the ringing in the ears, the 'gloominess. It will lift the black
mantle of despair from you and make you a man. Hudyan
cures when others fail to cure. Consult the Hudson doctors i
about Hudyan or write for f
CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
j Corner Market and Stockton Sts.,San Francisco, Cal.
of Minister to Japan, and was unanimously
adopted.
Consideration of the county govern
ment act con-nmed most of the morning
session of the Assembly. An amendment
was adapted permitting San Francisco to
elect its SuDervisors at large instea i of by
wards as at present. The terms of office
for City Justices was fixed at four years.
The Assembly spent most of the after
noon in the second rending of Senate
bills. The Senate bill to validate organ
ization and incorporation of municipal
corporations was passed finally. The
Senate bill providing for the organization
and govenment of municipal corpora
lions was passed as amended.
A motion was made to take up the con
current resolution relating to the appoint
ment oi a non-par i isan committee of five
to fix upon a favorab c site fora new State
prison in the southern part of the Slate,
but the resolution was laid on the tabie
indefinitely. This probably disposes of
the Governor's propositions to establish a
new penitentiary.
The Assembly to-night passed the fol
lowing bi 1«: Amending section 1880 of
Codeo; CvU Proceedure relating to wit
nesses; appropriating 51131 to pay the
c aim of Clarence S. Alernll for reporting
at the court of inquiry of the National
Guard; prohibiting the unauthorized
wearing of badges or other insignia of
societies; iiuthorizing and requiring the
State Board of HarDor ConiruUsioners to
complete the S.m Francisco seawall
westerly to the line of Van Ness avenue.
The bill cutting wages of employes in
penal and charitable institutions was
amended so that the cut would not apply
to salaries less than $1000.
Tbe LUI prohibiting the making of con
tracts or the pi)try of judgment 1 * thereon
in any specific kind of United State 3
money was debated for some time both
on third reading anil final passage. Upon
rollcall the bill was lost by a vote of
24 to 33.
The bill making an nppropriation of
$30,100 to pay the expenses ol experts to
be employed in the suit of the Southern
r.icitic against the State in regard to tbe
freight rate on wheat was also lost, Shana
han giving notice of reconsideration.
For Supervisor* nt Larg*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. March 6.— Senate
bill 136 was finally passed in the Assembly
this afternoon with the following amend
ment by Dibble:
Provided, That in any county or city in
which supervisorial districts have not been
esiabli«netl by law or ordinance, and in which
Supervisors are now required to be elected at
larce, but from jrartlcutar wards, the members
oi the Board «.f Supervisors shall be elected at
large and without regard to residence.
Dibble said that his ward, the Twelfth,
embraced more than one-half of the whole
City and could not be fairly represented
by one man. The amendment would give
more of a proportional representation than
is had under the present system.
For the Hamburg Exposition.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 6.—Secre
tary Fay of the Board of Trade of San
Jo-e is here in the interest of the bill ap
propriating $6010 for the Hamburg Expo
sition.
The bill has been placed upon the As
sembly special urgency file by Assembly
man America and has been favorably
reported upon by the Senate committee,
and in this share stands a fair chance of
being considered.
Further action will be attempted Mon
day.
■So Intention of felony.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 6.— The
Assembly committee appointed to invest
igate the case of A. A. Fried lander, an
attache who bad been accus d of forgery
in altering an order on the Controller to
get his pay, reported to-day that Fried
lander had no intention of committing a
felony. >_
JV>tn J'ac'fie Contl l"o*t, flics.
WASHINGTON. D. C, March 6.— A
postotfice was established to-day at Cabs,
Lassen County, Cal., and Harriet Q. Rob
erts appointed postmistress; also at Con
tact, Elko County, Nev., and Eugene S.
Shields appointed postmaster.TOO VILE FOR THE YOUTH TO READ.
As a Measure of Decency and for the Protection of
Public Morals the Portland Library Asso
ciation Expunges the "Examiner"
From Its Files.
PORTLAND, Or., March 6.— At a special meeting of the board of trustees of the Portland Library
Association, comprising some of the most intelligent and influential men here, a resolution was adopted
expunging the San Francisco Examiner from the files of the library. This resolution was somewhat of a
surprise to a comparatively small number of the members, but it was brought about by the earnest
solicitation of the majority of the patrons of the library, the younger members of whose families spend
much of their time there.
A Call correspondent interviewed several of the trustees with respect to the proscription of the
Examiner, and as to whether there was any very recent cause for their action. All of them state that
they rarely saw a copy of that journal, but the frequent critical reference by the reputable press of the
Pacific Coast to its pandering to indecent and corrupting sensationalism prompted them to investigate the
moral tone of that paper with the aforementioned result.
"We would just as readily allow the young people visiting the library to revel in the nastiness of
the Police Gazette as have them perusing the columns of the Examiner as it is now coeducted," remarked
one of the trustees. "That paper to-day is doing more harm," continued he, "in corrupting young minds
than any of the weekly publications prohibited from entering the homes of persons making any pretension
to respectability or decency. 1 must say that our board has been very derelict in its duty in not earlier
causing the removal of the Examiner from the files of the library. I cannot understand how any moral
community can long tolerate such a crime-encouraging and morality-destroying sheet as the Examiner. Its
ghastly illustrations alone are sufficient to condemn and cause its exclusion from decent homes, as if it were,
what it really is, a thing unclean. Then, the graphic and ghoulish manner in which it publishes the in
decencies of its own City and elsewhere, which, if necessary to appear as news matter, should be dis
missed with a few obscure lines of reference, shocks one possessed of any refined sensibilities. In my
opinion it may not be long ere the Examiner shall be refused transmission through the mails."
Another trustee stated his reason for voting for the adoption of the resolution as being the repug
lance he has for the so-called new sensational newspaper. "It fails to fill the mission of legitimate journal
ism to educate the people and chronicle current events in a pure, incorruptible style, and its tendencies are
for no moral good. Although we have been somewhat tardy in removing this San Francisco sheet from the
library where our young people had easy access to it, I opine that our course will have the effect of greatly
diminishing its circulation in private houses here, where its influence to degeneracy may produce irremedi
able harm in future," added this trustee.
The action of the Portland Library people is discussed everywhere, and scarcely an expression of
condemnation is heard.
DRAGNET
SUBPENAS
ISSUED
Examiner Fakers Left No
Hole Through Which
to Crawl.
ALL TELEGRAMS SOUGHT
TO BE PRODUCED.
Long Green Lawrence's Connec
tion With the Hale & Nor
cross Litigation.
IT INSPIRED THE LYING YARN
ABOUT BRIBERY.
Correspondents Behind Whom Hearst's
Managing Faker Hides May
Accompany Him toj.nl.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 6.— Wine-
Ing under the probe that has discovered
to the world its utter shameleßsness and
malignancy, that galled jade, the mon
arch of the "new journal" fakers, now
prates of its honor, and seeks to hide its
dearth of facts behind a virtue in which
us poverty is equally great.
Acting under instructions, the only
member of the Examiner staff' who ad
mitted to haying any knowledge of the
data on which the bribery faKe article was
based, refused yesterday to divulge such
information, its sources, or anything that
would give the investigating committee a
tangible clew to work upon. His excuse
ifor his obdurate course was that his honor
was involved, as to give the Legislature
the information which it asked would ne-
Vossitatate a violation of confidence and a
breach of his word of nonor.
This peculiar attitude is viewed with
•corn and ridicule. Attention is directed
to the puerile character of such an ex
cuse, which is presented to shield the
honor of one individual, when that same
person has been guilty ol not only im
pugning the honor and integrity of nearly
eiehty legislators, but by his present
course in presumably preventing the ex
posure of a most serious crime and the
punishment of the criminals.
Viewing the matter in this light, there is
a positive conviction, not merely a senti
ment or opinion, on the part of every one
familiar with the subject, that the Ex
aminer article was a fake; that it was
known to be a fake when published and
that the fake was published for an object,
and that in order to avoid being publicly
branded as a self-confessed faker it was
willing to make maityrs of members of
the reportonal staff.
This idea tnat it had an object in seeking
to bring about the defeat of Assembly bill
No. 273 by the publication of its fare
bribery article was apparently confirmed
by the statement made by Frank Moifitt
in the interview published in The Call
this morning to the effect that he had de
clared that Andy Lawrence, managing
i editor of tbe Examiner, was interested In
line Hale & Norcross judgment.
I While little regret is expressed over the
predicament in which the managing edi
tor of the Examiner has involved himself,
sympathy is felt by many of the Legisla
tors for his subordinates, and more par
ticularly for "Blinker" Murphy, who, it
now appears, has also made himself liable
to imprisonment, for contempt
During the Senate examination last
night Murphy wai asked by Senator
Morebouse: "Do you know of your own
knowledge of any communication relative
to this matter from the city of Sacramento
by any person connected with the Ex
aminer, either on Saturday of last weeu
or for a week or ten days preceding that
time?"
His reply was: "I do not think I can
answer that question unless Mr. Hearst
consents to my doing so."
Senator Morebouse stated to the com
mittee that he did not think this was a
proper ground for declining to answer, as
the matter in question was not a priv
ileged communication.
Chairman Dickinson directed the wit
ness to answer the question.
"I do not desire to be in contempt to
the committee," replied the witness, "bat
I shall have to decline to answer the ques
tion under the circumstances."
His further examination was abandoned
at this point, and it is understood that in
the resolution that will be introduced in
the Senate on Monday, three persons of
the Examiner staff will be called to the
bar of the Senate to purge themselves of
or be punished for contempt. These will
be Andy Lawrence, J. J. Levings and Al
Murphy.
So palpab'e has now become th; fake
character of the story published in the
Examiner of last Saturday that there is
talk about a combination between all the
maliened members of both branches of
the Legislature for the purpose of bring
ing libel suits against that journal, each
legislator to sue for $50,000.
Much mystery and capital has been
made by the faking newspaper out of the
telegrams which it stated had passed be
tween Senator Voorheis and certain prom-
inent people. It has tried to make it
appear that the Senator from Amador had
received telegrams from Charles F.
Crocker. Alvlnza Hayward and W. F.
Herrin in reference to the use of illegal
means to bring about tbe passage of As
sembly bill No. 273. Senator Voorheis
makes no secret about having received a
telegram from each of the individuals
named and of their contents, and is ready
to submit them to the committee when
ever its members call for them. The one
from Hayward asked Voorheis' support
for Senator Wolfe's bill relative to extend
ing the rights of corporations sole, a meas
ure in which Archbishop Riordan is
greatly interested.
That from Mr. Herrin was in reference to
the claim of the Southern Pacific Com
pany against the State for money due it,
according to a recent decision of the Su
preme Court of the United States, while
the dispatch from Colonel Crocker re
quested Senator- Voorheis to support the
University tax bill, tbe final passage of
which was a cause of rejoicing throughout
the State.
It was on chimeras like this that the
Examiner based its positive assertion that
"without a shadow of doubt* members of
the Legislature had been bribed. To-day
it aeain snarled and snapped at every one
who it found would not stand aside and
permit it to go nnwhipped of justice. But
itsjnaundenngs are now only laughed at.
Its fangs have been drawn and its venom
is innocuous.
Its attacks are now courted as the highest
commendation. Its reputation as a faker
is now as fixed and unchangeable as the
star Sirius in the firmament. If it has
friends to reward it must condemn them
in its choicest billing-gate, and if it has
enemies to punish it need only laud them
to the skies.
At the executive session of tbe Assem
bly bribery investigation to-day it was de
cided to defer action in the matter of con
tempt on the part of Andy M. Lawrence
and L. L. Levings so as to srive tbe Senate
an opportunity to deal with the recalci
trant witnesses.
Should that body not decide to imprison
the witnesses for their contempt if they
continue obdurate the Assembly will press
the matter to such a conclusion, as that
body is determined to make tbe Examiner
prove its positive charges or admit that
the whole fabric of its article was, as
Attorney Knight virtually admitted last
night, composed "at an idle moment in
idle rumor and street talk" when the
writer was "filled with good gin cock
tails."
Attorneys Knight. Clunie and McEner
ney this evening served tne following
paper upon Chairman Dickinson of the
Senate investigating committee:
In response to the understanding between
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
ourselves and the committee last night we
have to request that you issue the following
subpenas: To Frank Jaynes, superintendent
Western Union Telegraph Company, requiring
him to appear before the committee on Mon
day, March 8, 1897, and bring with him all
telegrams under his control tliat within sixty
days last past have beeu transmitted over the
wires of the Western Union lelegraph Com
pany and addressed by Senator E. C. Voorheis
from Sacramento to AWinza Hayward at San
Francisco or San Mateo, to Colonel C. F.
Crocker at San Francisco, to George W. Baker
at San Francisco or Oakland, or to W. F. Her
rin at San Francisco; and also to bring with
him any telegrams ander his control that
have witnin sixty days last past been trans
mitted through the Western Union Company
to Senator E. C. Voorheis at Sacramento from
Alvinza Hay ward at San Francisco or San Ma
teo, George W. Baker at San Francisco or Oak
land, and from W. F. Herrin at San Francisco.
The document asks also for telegrams
from Hayward to Baker, from C. F.
CrocKer and from W. F. Herrin,
The counsel asfc for a second lubpena
requiring Jaynes to bring all telegrams
that have been sent or received at Sacra
mento between January 10 and February
27, inclusive, by Senators Androus, Bert,
Bulla, Chapman, Doty, Dwyer, Feeney,
Franck, Hall, Henderson, Langford, Lin
der, Mahoney. Morehouse, Pedlar, Prisk,
Seaweil, Shine, Stratton, Toner, Voorheis
and Wolfe and nfty-one Assemblymen.
The names given in the request are of
the Senators and Assemblymen who voted
for Caminetti's bill 273, but nothing is
said about the bill in the document. The
fact that the request for the suboena
does not state that the telegrams required
relate to that bill shows that the Exami
ner's attorneys are pJaying a game of
bluff.
They know that under the rule of evi
dence telegrams relating to any other bill
than 273 are not admissible in evidence,
and that tbe committee may therefore re
fuse to issue the duces tecum subpena
asked for. Then the Examiner will raise
a howl to the effect that the Senate de
sires to suppress evidence. That is the
last desperate resort of the Examiner's at
torneys.
Why don't they ask for all telezrams re
lating to Assembly bill 273? That is the
bill for supporting which they allege that
tbe Senators and Assemblymen named in
tbe subpena took bribes.
To the evident chagrin and disappoint
ment of the Examiner crowd Chairman
Dickinson late to-night had the dragnet
subpena served on Superintendent Jaynes
by telegraph, Mr. Jaynes having previ
ously consented to accept service in this
manner.
state fjtiyrtx* OJrjFICB.
Johntian Make* an Explanation to the
InveaUiatino Committee.
BACRAMENTO, Cal., March 6.— The
joint committee to investigate the affairs
of tne State Printer met this, afternoon,
with Senator Dickinson in the chair. 11.
T. Devlin appeared as the attorney for the
State Printer.
State Printer Johnstqn appeared before
the committee, and la reply to m question
as to whether there was a deficiency in the
State .Printing Office at the time of the in
troduction of A. B. 263, appropriating
$75,000, said that there was not.
All claims against his office, he said,
were passed upon by the State Board of
Examiners. It was his custom before the
bills went to the board to cneck them over
and ascertain whether they were correct.
In purchasing supplies for the printing
department it bad been his custom to ad
vertise for a period of thirty days for bids
as required by law.
A recess was taken until 8 o'clock this
evenine. Johnston, in reply to Assembly
man Caminetti's questions, said that the
first dispute between him and the Gover
nor occurred last July about the July pay
roll.
They had another difference about a
coal bill. It appeared that before the new
contract for coal had been entered into
the office eot out of coal and Johnston
bought seventy-five tons of coal under the
old but then existing contract at $10 per
ton. The price was 96 cents a ton higher
than the rate under the new contract
The coal had been ordered from ti:e con
tractor some time before.
Caminetti examined the witness very
closely on what kind of inks he bought
and where, but he made nothing out of
tnat, 8s all supplies for the Printing Of
fice were purchased by contract.
Senator Seawell took up the examina
tion at this point and went over the sta
tistics contained in the last biennial re
port of the State Printer. He asked John
ston concerning an^apparent shortage of
$51,000 and Johnston explained that that
was made up by $28,000 worth of legisla
tive printing, $15,000 worth of atocJc pur
;-.;,. ;..' NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
DON'T MISS THE BIG BARGAINS AT THE HUBS GREAT REBUILDING SALE.
THE
! upon the UNPARALLELED BARGAINS which ' / :^^t^^^^^^^^^^
We lidYC D 6611 FORCED TO GIVE THE v *^'^^*^^^ i^^ — "**" \^^^
PUdLIOi US Simply 1 ":
A CASE OF MUST
WITH XJS.
WE MOST VACATE HERE BY APRIL.
8£ JSc n h d ag.® iof And Their Commands Must be Obeyed !
It is not a case of choice with us, but a case of
MOST ! SELL OUT! GET OUT! AT ONCE!
Up to the present hour we have been unable to find a suitable store large
enough to hold our MAMMOTH STOCK, and WE MUST PUT OUR FINE CLOTHES
UPON THE PEOPLE'S BACKS. Matters not how great our loss may be,
I THE GOODS MUST GO!
Not in the dim, distant future, but RIGHT NOW the massacre MUST TAKE
PLACE— regardless of all Cost, Loss or Actual Worth.
THIS WEEK
WE PROPOSE TO MAKE THE BANNER WEEK OF OUR
GREAT COMPULSORY REBUILDING SALE!
— — — _ — — — _ __ ___ ___ ___ ___ __ _ __— _^ _ _ __ f
Note a few of our UNPRECEDENTED VALUES, then come and see with YOUR
OWN EYES the many hundred more we have in store for you upon our high-
piled counters, now towering with the LATEST BUDS OF FASHION.
Men's Fine Imported $17.50 SUITS AND Men's Stylish All- Wool $12.50 NOBBY
OVERCOATS QQ Cfl CHEVIOT SACK SUITS CC CO
Have been cut to OuiUU Have been cut to OUiJU
Men's Fine All- Wool $15.00 BLACK Boys' Stylish All- Wool $8.00 Long Pants
CUTAWAY CLAY WORSTED SUITS QQ It CHEVIOT SUITS (ages 13 to 19) ;aa 7P
Have been cut to OOIIU Have been cut to UUi I 3
Men's Fine All- Wool $15.00 BLACK Boys' Stylish Wool $5.00 Short Pants
KERSEY OVERCOATS (all sizes), On yr CHEVIOT SUITS (ages 4to 14) .Oi Qp
Have been cut to 00l I V Have been cut to 0 1 iUJ
IN FACT ALL OUB SUITS AND OVERCOATS FBOM $15 to $50 BEAR THE MARKS OF A TREMENDOUS CUT IN PRICES.
Ir* 1 — — — — — — — * in hi i . i
200 TO 208 KEARNY STREET, CORNER OF SUTTER.
Our stores will remain open every evening during this Great Compulsory Money-Losing Sale.
t I IS:TXJJFI.EBiBI FOR SALE OHBAR
* ■ ' ' ■■■':■■-■ • ■ ■ ■ ' * . ; ' . ■.
chased, moving tbe bindery and compos
ing-room, painting the building and other
matters.
John Skelton, a coal dealer, was asked
as to the manner in which he delivered
coal to the State Printing Office. .
Senator Dickinson said to Caminetti,
who was examining the coal-dealer, "If
you believe or even suspect that coal was
bought and paid for and was not deliv
ered, we will give you every opportunity
to ascertain tbat fact— we will give you
full scope."
Caminetti denied tbat he had such belief
or suspicion, but he asked whether Skel
ton could furnish the committee with a
statement of the quantity of coal deliv
ered by him and the weight of each load
delivered.
Skelton said he would be able to pro
duce the required statement by next
Wednesday.
Caminetti at this stage of the proceed
ings became a little irritable because of
a remark made by Dennery ana asked
tbe chairman to keep "that boy" quiet.
Dennery resented the remark and said
that if the chair would not protect him
from inanlt he would protect himself,
whereupon Senator Dickinson observed
that it the gentlemen desired to indulge
in personalities he would furnish them
with boxing-elovcs and a referee.
Skelton was ordered to produce the data
next Tuesday morning. The witness said
that he bought his coal from tbe Oregon
Improvement Company in San Francisco.
He declined to state what he paid for it.
Ten dollars for Brymbo coal was a fair
price.
J. Thorpe and other witnesses were ex
amined as to the manner in which orders
for printine were received and the general
routine of the work in the State Printing
Office. The Assembly will resume its in
vestigation at 10 o'clock to-morrow (Sun
day) morning.
SUAXAUAX LAUGHED AT.
Could Xot Defeat the Municipal Incor
poration Bill.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 6.— There
was a lively tight in the Assembly this
afternoon over Senate bill It, entitled
"An act to validate the organization and
incorporation of municipal corporations."
Tha act, if it becomes a law, will enable
the suburban town of Emeryville. Dear
Shell Mound Park, Oakland, to make its
own laws, just as any other town.
Shanahan made a violent attack upon
the bill. He said that it was in the mter
e-t of people who owned the racetrack at
Emeryville, ana he made a heated decla
mation to the effect thut the racetracks
were circles of science where men gambled
away their money and women lost their
honor, presumably by drinking wine be
tween the heats; but Bhanahan did not
explain in what way or to what extent
women who attend races lost their honor.
This violent attack was replied to by
Leavitt of Alameda, who remarked with
horn -miide sarcasm t!iat the gentleman
came from a county where there were no
racetracks, "and," he added, "I hope they
will never eet any racetracks up there
since they, send such people as he to the
Legislature. 1 '
Bettman explained the purpose of the
bill and read an editorial in The Call
advocating its passage. Ue denounced
the remarks of Suanahan as uncalled for
aud misleading. He explained that it
was a general law applicable to all the
towns in the State, and that there was no
valid reason why the bill should not be
come a law.
Dennery, shaking his hand in the direc
tion of the political orphan from Shasta,
remarked that the gentleman appeared
to have a bad attack of railroad on the
brain.
North of Alameda spoke in favor of tho
bill. It affected the incorporation of the
town of £meryville, which had been
already incorporated; the bill was a just
one and harmed no one, and he would
vote for its passage.
The bill waa finally passed by a vote of
49 to 21.
Shanahan changed his vote and an
nounced that on Monday he would give
notice of a motion to reconsider.
Hat* of Adjournment.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 6.— The
Senate and Assembly conference com
in it let's held an executive session to-day
and fixed upon March 16 as the date for
the adjournment of the Legislature.
There is a difference in opinion as to
whether both houses will concur in the
recommendation of the committee, it be
ing believed that it will require at least a
week before the Senate can dispose of the
general aDuroanatian bill.
34
STOLE TWO TEETH
FROM HER MOUTH
Portland Thugs Profit by
a Woman's Peculiar
Fad.
Mrs. Calvin of San Francisco
Loses Her Incisors Set
With Diamonds.
Is Chloroformed by the Culprits, Who
Then Use a Pair of Den
tist's Forceps.
PORTLAND, Ob., March 6.— Mrs. Cal
vin, whose husband is engaged in the
commission business in San Francisco,
came to Portland to visit her sister about
four weeks ago. This week she uncere
moniously took her departure for home,
which fact caused considerable surprise
among her acquaintances nere. Repeated
inquiries as to her action brought to light
the details of a most daring and peculiar
robbery.
Mrs. Calvin, who is a handsome woman,
became a few years ago a victim of a fad
that prevailed at that time. She had two
Valuable diamonds set in her upper front
teeth, so that when she parted lips in a
smile the sparkling gems shone resplen
dently. Her peculiar adornment at
tracted considerable attention while here,
for it was something out of the ordinary.
Mrs. Calvin was alone in her sister's
bouse last Monday afternoon when the
doorbell rang. She answered the sum
mons and admitted two men, who claimed
they were plumbers sent by the owner to
inspect the house. Mrs. Calvin was lead
ing tbem to the kitchen, and when in the
dining-room they seized her, placed a
chloroformed handkerchief to her nose
and rendered her unconscious. Then
with forceps they extracted the two teeth
in which the diamonds were set and left
the place.
Mrs. Calvin recovered and summoned
assistance, but refused to allow the police
authorities to take charge of the matter,
objecting to the notoriety. The following
evening she Ooarded a train for San Fran
cisco.
DEATH AT MOUNTAIN VIEW.
Mrs. mite, Believed by Her Children to
Be Sleeping, Expres on the F/oor
of Her Home.
SAN JOBE, Cal., March 6.— Mrs. Thomas
A. White, who resides near Mountain
View, was found dead on tne floor of her
home this morning by her little daughter.
Mrs. White was in Mountain View
shopping yesterday and appeared to be in
good health. She returned home in the
afternoon anl shortly afterward fell to
tne floor in a fainting condition. There
was no one in the house but four small
children, and they put a Dillow under
their mother's head ana covered her with
some bedclothes. She appeared to be
asleep, so the eldest child put the others
to bed and watched by her mother. The
little watcher at length retired, thinking
her mother would be all right in the
morning.
When she awoke this morninß her
mother was still lying in the same po
sition. She tried to arouse her and found
her dead.
Neighbors were notified and the Coroner
summoned. Coroner Secord held an ln
■quest this afternoon. Death resulted from
heart trouble.
The deceased was the wife of Thomas A.
White, chief of the railway mail service
Detween San Francisco and Ogden. He
was telegraphed to at the latter place to
day. Mrs. White had resided near
Mountain View for many years and was
about 35 years of age. She leaves four
children, the eldest of which is about 10
years of age.
Lnndt Sold Under Foreclosure.
BAN JOSE, Cal.. March 6.— There was
a public auction sale of lands under lore
closure on the Courthouse steps this
morning. The land, which formed La
Purissima Concepcion rancho, consisting
of 704 acres, was sold in two parcels, the
first, containing 179 acre- 1 , going to Charles
Chapman for the consideration of $19,000.
The rest of the land, 525 acres, was bought
by the same gentleman for $22,000. Mr.
Chapman al*»o purchased 703 acres of the
Martin Murphy ranch, paying $40,000. It
i-s understood Mr. Chapman was acting in
the interest of the Commercial Bank.
Alleged Cattle Jliief Arraigned.
BAN JOSE, Cal.. March 6.— Alfonse
Sngardis, alias Robet, was arraigned be
fore Justice Beggs to-day on a charge of
grand larceny. He is accused of stealing
nine head of cattle from J. M. Kenyon, a
rancher near Smiths creek. Sagardia's
examination was set for March 16. In de
fault of $1000 bail he was remanded to the
custody of the Sheriff.
IMPROVEMENTS IN MARIN.
New and Substantial Buildings Being
Erected in Various Towns in
Ihe County.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., March 6.— There
is the greatest activity in building circles
throughout Marin County. In Mill Valley
a new and artistic store is being erected on
Throckmorton avenue. A residence is be
ing built by Harry Klyce for D. Woods.
Dr. A. Barkau has let the contract for an
addition to his residence. Captain Henry
Bingbam is building a house on his Mill
wood property. The construction ol the
new Town Hall will shortly be com
menced. Vast improvements have just
been completed on the Payne property.
At Corte Madera a large building has
just been completed. At Larkspur two
buildings are in course of construction,
one of which will cost about $4000. At
lomales, in the northern part of the
county, the advent of the telephone is the
greatest improvement thatiias been made
for some time. At Sausalito there is un
usual activity. New buildings and im
provements are being erected for T. J.
Bass, J. R. Folßom, IX Eustace, E. War
month, C. H. Becker and others. At San
Rafael the new market building on Fourth
street, being constructed by Henry Sonn
tag is in course of erection. It will cos
aboat 110,000. Other houses are being cont
structed.
SHERIFF'S SAJ.i: AT UKIAH.
Property Belonging to Colonel Dnolan
and "King" Whit- XHtponed Of.
UKIAH, Cal., March 6.— Vichy Springs,
three miles east of this place, and the
property, up to this time, of Colonel Will
lam Doolan, was Jo-day sold at Sheriff's
Bale for $31,917 to A. ]■'. Kedemeyer, the
holder of the mortgage on the property.
The land sold to-day includes the springs
and all adjoining premises.
There was also sold to-day by the Sher
iff the remaining property of George E.
While, the Menaocino cattle king. ~ It
consisted of some ranch land Id Scotts
Valiey and several town lots in Covelo.
VYakor H. Linforth, to whom Mrs. Frankie
E. White assigned the original mortgage,
was the purchaser for $9221 55.
FRESNO JURORS DISAGREE.
County Officials Again Fail io Convict a
Chinese Lottery Proprie
tor.
FRESNO, Cal., March 6.— The difficul
ties which beset the officers of Fresno in
trying to put a stop to the Chinese lot
teries which are running in full blast in
Chinatown were again demonstrated to
day in the trial of Ah Lee, a Mongol
charged with soiling tickets. The guilt
of tne defendant was conclusively proven,
but his attorneys succeeded in arousinc
the prejudices of six of the jurors to such
an extent that they voted for acquittal.
Ah Lee was represented by three of the
best attorneys in tne city. Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Jones conducted a very
vigorous prosecution. The District At
torney's office has always worked hard to
suppress the lotteries, but has always had
its purposes defeated by the strange con
duct of jurors.
Some of the acquitting jurors in to-day's
case are known to have been loudest in
criticism of tne officers for not putting a
stop to the lotteries.
Two witnesses swore to-day that tbey
went to Ah Lee's place in Chinatown and
each bought a ticket from him. Deputy
Constable Crutcher testified that wlien he
arrested the defendant the latter pleaded.
"Don't arrest me; I sold those two tick
ets," practically confessing his guilt. The
officer also seized a complete outfit for the
Belling and marking of tickets, which he
found Ah Lee presiding over when he
served the warrant. The officer took pos
session of a spindle hoUUng duplicates of
the tickets Lee had sold for the next draw
ing. There were also several books of
blank tickets.
AH this paraphernalia was shown to the
jury. The defense offered no testimony
and Lee's attorneys contented themselves
witu arguing before the jury. They
owelt at length upon the fact that the
otner big lotteries, such as the Honduras,
were allowed to sell tickets throughout
the country without molestation. The
lawyers cleverly urged that the Chinese
were being persecuted. This was their
only defense. The jury was out for an
hour and a half, at the end of which
period it returned to court and announced
its inability to agree, standing six for ac
quittal and six for conviction. Justice
Sl John then discharged the jury.
SAN DIEGO TRAGEDY.
Charles H. Milgaard, a Tobacco Dealer,
Cuts His Throat With a
Razor.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., March 6.— Charles
H. Milgaard, a local tobacco dealer, oom
mitted suicide to-night by cutting his
ri.-ht arm and t . iat with a razor.
Milgaard had been afflicted for several
years with a cancer on his lower jaw and
neck, and it was ntense suffering from
this that led him to take his life. His
only living relative, a devoted daughter
21 years old, was reading to him when
she recollected an errand across the
street. She returned in a few minutes to
rind him gone. Becoming alarmed she
searched and found blood running from
under a closet dcor. She then rushed out
side and called a policeman, who returned
with her. Milgaard's body was found
lying on its side in the closet, blood ooz
ing from four ghastly wounds. A razor
on the floor told the story.
UTAH INDIANS WARLIKE.
Reported Uprising of Uncompahgra Red
skins to Resist Encroaching
Whites.
SALT LAKE, Urah, March a— There
are wild rumors afloat to-night to the ef
fect that the Indians on the Uncompahgre
reservation in Eastern Utah are up in
arms over the invasion of their land by a
party of white men who recently left Salt
Lake in order that they mieht be tbe first
on the scene should the bill opening the
lands to settlers oe passed by tne last
Congress.
The reservation is in an isolated section,
and Price, Utah, on the Rio Grande West
ern Railway, over 100 miles distant, is the
nearest telegraph station. Through this
station all messages to the Government
from the agency and fort go. The operator
at Price refuses to either emphatically
deny or confirm the report.
Awful Aecidrnt >enr Xapa.
NAPA, Cal., March 6. — A horrible acci
dent occurred at the ranch of Matthew
Movie, ten miles southwest of this city,
yesterday afternoon. Henry Movie, aged
18, while driving four horses attached to
a large roller weighing 1000 pounds was
thrown to the gronnd and run ovt by the
roller. His horses had become frightened,
started to run, nnd Movie was unable to
keep his place on the machine. He was
crushed into the cround, his head was
mangled and a half dozen bones were
broken. He is now paralyzed from the
neck down, being able to move only one
arm slightly. The physicians in attend
ance say he may possibly live, but if so he
will undoubt"dly be uaralyzed. He is still
alive, but in great agony.
•—
BnlerM Jfapa Journalism:
NAPA, Cal., March 6.— George E. Col
well produced a mild sensation to-day by
the publication of the initial number of
The Reflector, a weekly devoted in part to
personal journalism.. In this number Dr9.
Gardner, Smith and Stice, and . Secretary
John T. Johnston of the Napa Asylum
are assailed. Judge Ham, Sheriff McKen
zie and Attorneys Beerstecher.Barstow and
King are scored, while Governor Bu«id is
"roasted" for appointing A. J. Clunie In
surance Commissioner instead of H. C.
Gesford, whom he originally appointed to
succeed Higgins.
■■■*.' % ♦ - .
• " * loverdalr Hoy Shot. ■' , ',
CLOVERDALE, Cal., March 6.-Allan
Coen, the 17-year-old son of James Coen,
a well-known rancher in this vicinity, ac
cidentally shot himself yesterday even
ing. Young Coen had been hunting, and
on his return, while crossing a creek, he
slipped. The gun he carried was dis
charged, the load tearing through his
left cheek. Notwithstanding the accident
occurred a half mile from his home be
walked the distance unsupported. He
will recover, but will lose an eye.
San Diego Fiihcrman't Crime.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., March 6.— John Zol
lozgi, a fisherman, was to-day found guilty
of violating the State fish law and sen
tenced to 100 days in jail. The decision
affects 150 fishermen at La Playa, who
have banded lopether to carry the case to
the Suprema Court to test the legality of
the law upon the ground that the mini
mum punishment for violation is exces
sive. Zollozei was charged with fishing
with a Bet net in the bay.
Attempted Suicide at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., March 6.— James
Lewis, a wealthy retired miner of Laß Ve
gas, N. Mez., attempted suicide this morn
ing by taking chloroform in a barber-shop
en F street. When discovered he was un
conscious from the use of the drug, but
he was resuscitated with some difficulty.
Lewis is 66 years old and Is here with his
granddaughter temporarily.
Encondido't Oil Well*.
SAN DIEGO, Cat,., March 6.— Reports
from Escondido are to the effect that the
oil well there is down 500 feet with moat
encouraging prospects. One strata of oil
bearing sand two leet thick has already
been penetrated and the drill is now work
ing in hard rock. Oil raises to the surface
of the well every night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 31 ARCH 7, 1807.
MARION BROOKS
SUING BARLOW
Declares the Congressman
Is Considerably in
His Debt.
Political Co-Workers Dispute
Over Obligations Antedating
the Election.
The Mm Who Defeated McLach'an
Accused of Failure to Repay
Leans.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 6. -Last
summer when the Democratic Convention
deadlock in tne contest between Qeorge S.
Patton and L. J. Rose for the Congres
sional nomination ended in tne with
drawal of the principals there was none
so eloquent in behalf of any candidate as
was J. Marion Brooks in urging upon the
assembled faithful the name of Obarles A.
Barlow. Barlow had been nominated by
the Populists at San Luis Obispo a few
days prior to the Democratic Convention
in this city. Brooks cbampioned Barlow's
fight in tho Democratic Convention, and
in a speech of great fervor elaborated on
the wisdom of breaking the deadlock by
indorsing the "Farmer Statesman." The
convention did not agree with Brooks, but
instead nominated Harry Patton. The
latter was afterward relegated and Barlow
was substituted on ihe Democratic ticket.
His election by a small majority followed.
Brooks worked early and late ior "Hon
est Charley" Barlow, and now Brooks it
suing Barlow for $4000.
Brooks filed bis suit here this afternoon.
He alleges that during the past two years
he has loaned Barlow various sums aggre
gating $2000, and has also given him ad
vice and rendered him other valuable ser
vices worth $2000 more. He, therefore,
asks judgment against the Congressman
for $4000.
LI ABILITY OF STOCKHOLDERS.
Supreme Court Decides an Appealed Case
Against a Kansas Rat way
Company.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 6.— An im
portant decision nas been rendered by the
Supreme Court of this State in the case of
William Ferguson, plaintiff and respond
ent, vs. M. H. Sherman, the Electric Rapid
Transit Company et al., defendants and
appellants, the opinion reaching the Los
Angeles office for tiling to-day.
The appeal was from the judgment and
order denying a new trial. The plaintiff
pleaded that the defendant, the Electric
Rapid Transit Company, was a corpora
tion, organized under the laws of Kansas.
He alleged that a judgment had been ob
tained in tbe United States Circuit Court
for the District of Kansas for $7717 50 and
costs; that he caused execution to be
issued out of the court to be levied upon
the property of the company, which was
returned wholly unsatisfied! Then fol
lowed an averment that under the con
stitution and laws of Kansas in such a
case execution m»y be issued against any
of the stockholders to an extent equal in
amount to the amount of stock by him
owned, together with any amount unpaid.
The defendants, other than the company,
were sued as stockholders.
The action, then, says the Supreme
Court, is an effort upon the part of the
judgment creditor of the Kansas corpora
tion to enforce against California stock
holders tneir statutory liability for the
judgment's debt. Appellants' contention
was that all of the provisions of the Kan
sas law contemplate special statutory rem
edies given by the laws af another State,
and not consonant with the laws and pro
cedure of this State, and that ?uch liability
cannot be enforced in this action.
After an elaborate discussion of the
points raised ihe Supreme Court holds
that the decision of the lower court, hold
ing the stockholders liable, was correct,
and the judgment and order is affirmed:
m ■
STEEL MILL TO REOPEN.
Wheels of a Los Angeles Plant Will Soon
Turn Again After Months of
Idleness.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 6.— The
Los Angeles Iron and Steel Mill is to re
sume operations on a greater scale than
ever. Several months ago this concern's
failure was the one topic of interest in
business circles. The mill was built two
years ago at a cost of $150,000. It employed
eighty men and did a profitable business
until the steel billet and rail pool caused
trouble last summer.
Strenuous efforts are now being made to
put the mill in operation again. The steel
billet pool burst, and with the prospect
of railway connection with Salt Lake and
a speedy construction of a deep-sea harbor
the steel men are gaining courage.
It is planned to build an addition to the
present plant, to be used in the making of
steel billets, which have Hitherto been im
ported. This addition would cost $30,000.
Local capitalists are becoming interested,
and it may not be long until the smoke
again issues from the chimneys of the big
rolling-mill on Mateo street.
I'urcha** Randsburq Mine.*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 6.— J. J.
Brown and J. A. Shinn, of Colorado, were
the purchasers of the Excelsior, J I C and
Big Wedge mines at Randsburg yester
day and the price paid was $31,000 caßh.
A force of men will b6 put at work at
once. Two shafts will be sunk, one in the
Excelsior and the other in the J I C.
From time to time additional men will be
put on, and machinery will be added as
soon as necessary.
An rated for Arion.
LOS ANGELEB, Cal., March 6.— Mrs.
M. W. Buck, proprietress of the lodging
house at 215 North Broadway, was ar
rested to- lay on a charge of arson brought
by J. G. Donovan, the owner of the build
ing. The fire occurred yesterday in the
house, and evidently commenced simul
taneously in four places.
Jtalning in the South.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 6.— Rain
be.-an falling at 6 o'clock this evening and
continued for several hours. It stopped
toward midnight, but the sky looked
threatening.
A THOUSAND SPANIARDS SLAIN.
One of the Most Sanguinary Battles of
the War Is Won by General
Cj/ix'o Garcia.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 7.— A special
dispatch to the Sun from Manzanillo,
dated February 22, via Havana, says:
The Spanish column of General Vara del
I ley, 2000 men strong, was defeatod and
disported two days ago by the Cuban
forces under command of General Galixto
Garcia.
More than 1000 Spaniards were left dead
on the estate of Costomada and the re
maining part of the column entered Man
zanillo in the greatest disorder, proving
how serious the defeat was.
In spite of the art of snatching victory
from defeat, in wnich the Spanish official
reporta so greatly excel, General Vara del
Rey is obliged to confess his disaster,
though finding an excuse in the superior
numbers of the Cubans and the advantage
of their position.
In his report, known at Manzanillo,
though probably it will not be published
in Havana, he says that his column was
only 1500 men strong and estimates the
Cubans at over 3000.
The Spanish dead, he says, were 500,
and he adds, that notwithstanding he was
obliged to retire the losses of the insur
gents were also severe.
The batile turned against the Spaniards
when General Vara del Rey tried to cross
on his way to Manzanillo the river Buey
notwithstanding the heavy fire from the
Cuban rifles and two cannon, one a 12
--pounder, wnich caused terrible slaughter.
While crossing the river all was disorder
and confusion among the Spaniards, and
he could not reply to the volleys of their
foes. Nearly all their horses were drowned
and they had to abandon the more im
portant part of the convoy they were es
corting.
A small bridge of wood of which they
availed themselves broke down, and with
it one of the Spanish cannon sank to the
bottom of the river. Other cannon were
left on the shore, and were captured by
the Cubans.
On the other side of the river General
Vara del Rey found another Cuban
column waiting for him. In the state of
panic and confusion in which his troops
had been reduced the Cubans were able to
complete their victory.
General Vara del Rey himself narrowly
escaped capture.
In tiiis situation the Spaniards decided
to abandon the remainder of the convoy,
which they succeeded in taking across the
river, and they hastened their march to
Manzanillo.
As the object of the Cubans wa3 to seize
the convoy, the fight ended there. It
lasted eight hours. The Spaniards took
two hours to cross the river, and they be
haved with great courage during all the
battle. Not a single Spanish soldier de
serted.
All who did not reach Manzanillo were
left, killed or wounded, on the field. The
battle was directed by General Calixto
in person, though the real success he ob
tained was in great part due to the skill
of his chief of staff, Colonel Mario
Menocal.
SAXGUILLX'S DKEP GBATITUDE.
Hardly Kealizet Thnt He It Again a
Fra« Man.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 6.-General
Julio Sanguilly, who was released recently
by the Spaniards nfter two years in Ca
banas fortress at Havana, arrived in this
city at 2 o'clock this afternoon. He was
met in Jersey City by 200 Cuban sympa
thizers, among whom were his brother,
Manuel Sanguilly, and Mrs. General Ca
lixto Garcia, wife of the famous Cuban
General. Sanguilly was accompanied by
his wife, his son and a niece, who came
with him from Havana. Mingled with the
cheers for Cuba libre and General San
guilly were cheers for General Fitzhugh
Lee.
Before proceeding uptown General San
gnilly, in answer to questions, said to the
reporters:
•'I can hardly realize that I am free and
•within arms' reach of my friends and re
latives. Two years is a long time in the
Cabanas, and to breathe the free air again
and to graip the hands of old friends is a
boon at one time I thought would never
come to me. To that brave soldier, Fitz
hugh Lee, and to the American people, it
would be impossible forme to express my
gratitude. My life belongs to them and
to him.
"After months of stone walls and
Spanish guards there seems to be a new
hope and new life in everything I feel or
hear or see."
'•Is it true that you have given up your
claim as an American citizen against the
crown of Spain as one of the conditions
upon which you were released?"
"There is not the slightest truth in such
a statement," lie replied. "I would not
give up the honor ol being an American
citizen for Spain. I know now too well
what it means to be under the protection
of the American flag. It i 3 too dear a
thins to renounce, even where one's life is
concerned. ''
"Regarding the Cnban cause, do you be
lieve the Cubans will eventually
triumph?"
"Absolutely," he replied. "In my
mind Cuba will be free within a year. All
we want and all we need is for the Unit^
States Government to allow us to lanl
armament and ammunition upon the
shores of Cuba. As soon as that is eranted
Spanish rule will cease and Cuba will see
her way clear to absolute independence."
When asked what the Cubans thought
of the attitude of ex-President Cleveland
on the Cuban question, he replied :
"They, of course, do not indorse the
President's attitude. The Cubans I
have recently met express great hope that
the new administration will deal indul
gently with the Cuban Republic. They
have a government, and they have shown
beyond a doubt that they are able to codo
successfully with the Spaniards. That
should give us a right as a Government, and
we expect President McKinley to do tnat
which ex-President Cleveland failed to
do — give the Cubans belligerent rights."
CUIiASS SACK A. TO ft N.
In a Xight Attack They Force the Oar-
ti so 1 to Retreat.
' HAVANA, Cuba, via Key West, Fla.,
March 6. — On the night of the 4th inst.,
about 6 o'clock, a band of Cuban
patriots entered the important town
of Guines, Havana province, and
with heavy discharges of mus&etry
forced the garrison to retreat into their
barracks and the forts surrounding the
town. After taking possession of the
sanie they overran the town, setting fire
to the houses. After accomplishing their
bold deed they quietly left the town.
In order to appreciate the importance of
the deed it is necessary to know that
Guines has a population now of 16,000
souls and the garrison exceeds 2000.
Yesterday the parties of Frederico Nunez
and Ernilio Loran, 200 men, "surprised
seventy laborers of the sngar estate
Neptune, near Marcel. Pinar del Rio
province, in the act of cutting cane. All
of them were held as prisoners for a couple
of hours and finally released after depriv
ing them of all their clothing.
Weyler to (a to- the field.
HAVANA, Cuba, March 6.— La Lucha
announces that (Jnptain-General Weyler
will soon return to the province of Santa
Clara and personally assume command of
the troops there.
General Weyler presided to-day at a
meeting held at the Palace of the Colonial
Treasurer and representatives of the bank
ing and commercial interests. Tne meet
ing was called for the purpose of discuss
ing the money question. No decision was
arrived at and another meeting was called
lor next Tuesday.
YACHT ROVER'S
PERILOUS TRIP
Disabled by an Unknown
Craft on the Bay of
San Pablo.
Party of Sausalito PJeasure-
Seekers' Thrilling Experience
oo the Water.
After a Wild and Exciting Race the
Vessel Is Run Upon tin B>ach
With Its Cab. us Flooded.
SAUBALITO, Cal., March 6.—Commo
dore Charles C. Bruce, owner of the swift
yacht Rover and one of the Trustees of the
town of Sausalito, had a thrilling and per
ilous experience in San Pablo Bay last
night, which would have terminated dis
astrously had not the commander of the
Rover been a careful mariner.
The commodore, who is well known in
yachting circles, being a member of a
couple of yachting cluba, invited a party
of five to spend a couple of days with him
on a cruise about the bay in the Rover,
Last night while sailing about San Pablo
Bay an unknown craft, which displayed
no lights, crashed into the yacht and stove
a hole in it, through which the water
rushed.
In a moment the greatest excitement
prevailed aboard and Commodore Bruce
was unable to ascertain what boat had
caused the collision. After causing the
damage the strange craft disappeared and
the Rover's crew at once set to work to
keep their yacht afloat. After repairing .
the damage as best the facilities would
allow Commodore Bruce determined to
make a bold attempt to reach Sausalito,
where he could beach the boat. He turned
it& head about, and then commenced a race
full of excitement.
Under the stiff breeze which was blow
ing the yacht, in its disabled condition,
made good time, but the water was slowly
rising in her cabin. Mr. Bruce, when
seen to-day, said that they had a fearful
tussle, and as evidence showed where his
hands were cut and bruised from his
labors to keep the yacht afloat.
Finally Sausalito was sighted and the
party gave a sigh of relief. Straight for
the lights on the waterfront the pretty
yacht was headed. The water had been
pouring in until it was waist deep, and
the commodore lost no time in sending
the boat upon the beach, and their danger
had passed. The party got ashore as soon
as possible. This afternoon the yacht was
bailed out and towed to its moorings near
the San Francisco Yacht Club house.
The damage to the yacht is not great,
but none of the party is desirous of re
peating the thrilling experience. Mr.
Bruce said this afternoon that he had not
learned what sort of a. craft bada enhed
into his boat, '
OVA.TJOS TO BAAQUIIiZI.
Enthusiastic feenes at a Cuban Benefit
■ /entertainment. ,v'K
NEW YORK. N. V., March 6.— General
Sangailly and his. family were the guests
of honor to-night at the entertainment
given in aid of the Cuban hospital fund at
the Carnegie Lyceum.
He was too fatigued to speak In answer
to frequent and enthusiastic calls, but had
to shake hands with nearly a thousand
persons before the audience would let the
performance proceed.
The incident of the evening was the
meeting of General Sanguilly and Gen
eral Daniel E. Sickles in the letter's box.
. When the veterans shook hands the
audience cheered for Sanguilly, General
Sickles and Consul-General Lee, and the
performance stopped until the enthusiasm
subsided. The entertainment was a suc
cess in every way.
♦ •
Cub »n FilibuMtrrlng Expedition.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., March 6.—To
night, shortly before 11 o'clock, a Cuban
filibustering expedition is reported to
have Jeft this port. Inlet captains say
that there was a large crowd and that
they were transferred in a sloop yacht to
an awaiting steamer up the coast. The
story is that the expedition was to have
started Friday night, bnt a storm arose
and caused a postponement.
•
Ex-Sfnntor Whitman Arrettrd.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 6—Detec-
tive Sergeant MeNaught to-day arrested
Alonzo J. Whitman, 36 years of age, a
former State Senator of Minnesota.
Whitman is accused of swindling the
Columbia Bank of this city out of $530.
Whitman has been in trouble before in
this city and in San Francisco.
YEW TO-DATJ
gr^Uu Women go on,
■ heedlessly ignoring
f the dangers that lie
|l^k right 'in the path of
v|7!f their thoughtless-
ly 5 * ness. They neglect
\\ little warnings un-
-1 til they get used to
m - them. The warn-
-9.A V ings become louder
"^ {jf'f,. ■'. , and. louder,-- and
W tti&L \ 'still they .do not
jfigL 3gS\ heed them. Their
fi§Byh+sj ) sickness increases
Kfl|§|jpll ■ like a snowball
°%W§{W . rolling down hill.
*l^t^ ':••' ■ The sickness comes
<^:[ "S on gradually, and
*" — '■'■JjryyS^. they get used to it
"^amt^-^/^S*J%^i eradually, put it
•^.J^^^ ruins their lives just
, the same. One .wo-
man in a hundred, perhaps, is perfectly
healthy. Sometimes her weakness is in«
herited, sometimes acquired by careless-
ness. In every case, care arid Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription willgive her new
life and strength and vitality. •; It will fill
out the hollows in her cheeks, bring color
to her lips, brighter her eyes, and make
her really and truly a woman. : The " Fa-
vorite Prescription " is of inestimable
value at three stages in the lives of every
woman — when the girl becomes a woman,
when the woman becomes a mother, and
; when the mother ; becomes incapable of
! maternity. At these times it gives safety
; and strength. It is the ■ only medicine
: now before the public for woman's pecu-
liar ailments, adapted to her delicate or-
ganization by. * regularly graduated phy-
sician — an • experienced and skilled spe-
cialist in these maladies. It cannot do
harm in any condition of the system. Its
sales exceed the combined sales of all
other medicines for women. '
Every woman should have and read Dr.
Tierce's Common Sense Medical Adviser,
: a great ] book of a thousand pages, . pro-
; fusely illustrated which will be sent free
on receipt 'of *21 one-cent stamps, pay . ;
for mailing only. Address, World* Dis-
: pensary Medical Association, No, » 663 !
Main Stree^ufialp^^Y,,^.^^-.. ,
KEW TO-DAT.
■i it. i <a
DOCTOR S"\WE3 A-3NnP"
PERFECT MANHOOD
AND WOMANHOOD. ,
The world admires a perfect man or ■ • ' '
woman. The highest type of womanly frcw^tliDfr^&jL
beauty or manly power with its accom- !^fV-^2s3*Jw^ /***\
paniment of clear, quick, keen thinking .. /^ :< H~ r :j£*&k. 3m\» C^rOtai
powers is obtained and kept only through /pi! •■ •. -'-we* #: '-' t -\VyvL IJk) '
perfect health. Without this no man or P^ -i^j^M^Av^^^^
woman has at command that natural en- m'-^^^'S^cV'''^} V vi5W
ergy which fits them for the realities of • s|^^»-« r ' r^^-w?.'' \ jZ*
life. In this age when "The race is to Vt^-^L ' i'M W^.
the strong," without physical vitality no \M BjM'wiiife-j/
man or woman can hope to succeed in VjA l^'JJ^iie W// 1^
business or enjoy the social companion- Ngfe^filr-'?^ 1
ships of life.
Failing Powers Restored.
Many think that all they have to do is .©. &sfwLiiP%s V
to abandon the evil practices or excesses &\\st t^ II
they have been indulging in and that na- ai^ f:! >^ifi *^Sgr BtL 1 J
ture will restore them, but experience " l> /^vll '^ot3&' W II
teaches us that physical vitality when # 'lHp^
wasted by oyerindulgences or early ex- f^&i&k^f/^f^y^ ]l
cesses cannot be restored without the &hs3§ Jwl^tljL^* U
proper treatment Don't let any consid- tSSw' i^^S^tn^' Jffy
eration cause you to delay seeking the per- '**■ <|^^^w*^L»^^
manent restoration to perfect health and — I "^^^
manly vigor, which Dr. Sweany's treatment cannot fail to produce.
A little advice from Dr. Sweany, the successful pioneer specialist of this city,
is worth a score of consultations of pretentious and unreliable pretenders. Con-
sult him, and if he promises to cure you, he will if he cannot, he will frankly tell
you so.
Grateful Patients.
< In every country of the globe there are strong, happy, healthy men and women
who owe their life's happiness to the world's greatest specialist, Dr. Sweany. Many
grateful ' patients have expressed willingness that their names be used, but Dr.
Sweany does not think this proper, right or necessary. The following extracts tell
all that the sufferer cares to know, that Dr. Sweany cures his patients. The cer
tificate of a notary public as to the genuineness of the letters and the extracts is a
sufficient guarantee to any unprejudiced mind that the letters are what they purport
to be, viz.: Voluntary expressions of gratitude from patients restored by him to
health and manly vigor. .
SOUND AS A DOLLAB. MADE- .YOUNG AGAIN.
lowa Hill, Cal. , October 1, 1896. Chat, Cal.. March 6, 1897.
DR. SWEANY-DearSlr: You will please find LEVERETT BWEaNY. 787 Market street-
enclosed $5. I have been away from home and Dear Sir: Am. feeling splendid. Walked five
could not write sooner; but, thanks to God and miles last wee* without the least inconvenience
yon, I am all right. I feel as strong and as to my limbs. Oh, doctor, I never cease to thank,
well as can be. II I should want any more mcdl- praise and bless you. Sincerely, M. R, C
cine I will let you know. I am very thankful to .
you for the good you have done me. I remain, . SAVED HIS HEALTH
. yOur " > **" M " Dunsmulr, Cal., December 14, 1896.
puvsk .ti ~vfc€\x*. vi-BTnnrn DR. F. L.SWKA.W — Dear Sir: Please send me
PHYSICAL VIGOR RESTORED 80me more medicine. I am feeling better now
v , oorr. a t^.?™.?.?^ Ut £ ™ ar T , 17 1897 - than ever. lam not so nervous, and am growing
F. L. SWEANY, ESQ.— Dear Sir: 1 have no bigger every day. Have a belly on me like an ox.
symptoms to write you. I am a better man it is your medicine that saved my bacon. If I had
physically and mentally than I ever expected to not commenced treating with you when I did my
be again. I have spent over $200 to dl ipensarles, name would have been "Dennis." Yours respect-
whlch done me no good whatever. You have un- fully, A. A.
donbtedly saved my life, for which I can only give ' ■ *
you my life-loug gratitude. Respectfully yours. MANLY POWER RESTORED.
A - - M - °- - Grass Valley, Cal., July 11. 1896.
NERVOUS DEBILITY CUBED. pleasure that I drop you these few lines to thank.
Las Frletas. July 1, 1896. you for the cure you have made In my case. I
F. L. BWB ANY, M. D.— Dear Sir: Your dlrec- have just finished your last medicine, and can as-
lons have been carried out as closely as possible, sure you that lam feeling fine, l hank you for
and I could not hope for better results. My gen- the attention you paid torn yca-ie. I remain, — —
eral heath is excellent, the musclei of my back P. B.— l have a friend living here who is a s'uf-
and legs are braced up, I can undergo a great deal ferer, so, having so much confidence In you, I told '
of exertion without feeling tired and have lost the him that if It did not cost too much I would par
feeling of lassitude. My mind is clearer and, if I to have him cured. Please state how much you
may so express It, purer. I feel cheerful and no will charge for curing him. Hoping to hear from
more despondent. I look bet. and feel better. I you soon, I remain, as usual, —
was troubled with neuralgic pains in my eyes, —
which seem now to have left me. ' Yours truly, EVERY CLAIM GENUINE.
I— G. B. D. emartsvllle, Cal., January 16, 1896.
• r-TVirv lIP TO mr DR. BWEAN V— Dear Sir: I take pleasure to let
*" , * „ . *__,„ " you know how wonderful your treatment has dona
Keno L 3Sev., February 28, 1894. me. Doctor, to tell the truth, I was afraid at first.
DEAR DR. SWF. AM— r will drop you a few because th.re are so many frauds; but I see yon
lines to let you know how I am. Have been up are what the paper said. j a.
most all the lime for the last few days. Kvery-
body Is so pleased to see me up, and ask how it is DYSPEPTIC NO L O\OEK
and to tell them who it is that cured me. Those Dnnsmu'r Cal JnlvSlißOß
doctors that gave rae up to die are surprised to , *>*. S WKANY-°e!™sir ; I ha'ven^ felt £$»
_«m r, • Hi if IhllV ii-arp TPlll In* tn toko m>• JL/-IV. QnJbAJI X L/tSAT CUT . X LIU Veil t IV It SO W6i I
Jm%« «nrt Ido not owe them acenL I r»m«iif ln twenty years as now. I have no had feelings,
£ cv«? your friend and pafient. " B ' my Bloluach »• la K° od condition, I sleep well, my
as ever, your irieuu mm !""""■ D - **• appetite Is good, the color is coming back into my
"""—* face, and I can say your medicine Is a great won-
A SEVEKJi LESSON. to me. Yonrs respectfully, " B. F. B.
F. Walnut Creek, Cal, January 10, 1897. NERVOUS DEBILITY CURED.
F. I* SWi-A.NY, M. D.-Dear Sir: tfou really NERVOUS DEBILITY CURED.
cannot Imagine what a change has come over Park City, Utah, February 18, 1897
me. I feel like myself once more. This Is a pretty DEAR DR. SW KAN V— Enclosed please find
severe lesson to me, and you may be sure 1 will $15, the balance due. All signs of nervousness
never go astray again. You are a true phllan- and physical weakness have disappeared, and I
tiropißt In the true sense of the word, and your am a well man in every respect. Thanking you a ■
kindness to me shall never be forgotten. Yours thousand times for your kindness during my J
truly, ...;-?, J. R. C trouble, I remain, yours truly, F. bTT m
Read This Affidavit.
. State op California, i
%v&j'&l, -- 1 . ./- cltt and COUKTY OF san FRAKCIBOO. i SS
I, Chas. H. Phillips, a Notary Public in and for said City and County, residing there-
in, duly commissioned and sworn, do certify that on this 6th day of March, A. D., 1897, I
carefully examined the original letters from which the above extracts are taken, and
1 hereby declare that the said extracts are in the exact language used in said letters,
and that in the portion of said letters not here quoted there were no words or sentences
in any manner qualifying or controverting the statements made relative to the benefits
received by the writers of said letters. '
'.. Witness my hand and official seal, the day and year first above written
• CHAS. H. PHILLIPS, Notary Public
Cures Are Guaranteed
In every case taken. As a thinking person, you know what this means when Dr.
Sweany is acknowledged to be the ablest specialist of the world in treatment of all
Chronic, ; : Nervous and Private Diseases in both Men and Women ; Diseases of the
Eye, Ear, Head, Throat, Lungs, Stomach, Liver and Bowels, Kidney, Bladder and
Urinary Troubles, Rupture, Catarrh, Piles, Eczema : and Varicocele, Loss or Partial
Loss of Manly Power and Vigor in Young, Middle-aged or Old Men ; Weakening
Drains, which sap the vitality, destroy the health, cause paralysis, insanity and
premature death;: Private Diseases of every : name and nature, and that disease
which poisons the blood, decays the bones and causes more physical and mental
suffering than any other known disease.
Home Treatment.
If you suffer from any baneful disease and desire to be cured, desire to regain
health, strength and manly vigor, desire to have your energies ; restored and once /
more enjoy the zest and happiness of life, and live away from the city, write, as Dr. '
Sweany has a system of home treatment that is entirely his own. Thousands are
cured at home. ' Book, "Guide to Health," a treatise on all the organs and their
diseases, free on application. - Strictest confidence observed. Call or address
F.L.SWBA]XrY,I\4D.
•73*7 »lAR.KET STR.EET,
(OPPOSIXK EXAMINER office), san FRANCISCO, cai,,I \\* » / ] \ ) f
We'll Triumph
At Any Cost!
We'll sweep every vestige of
competition from the field. Our
policy, which we outlined and jt
»"pv ' ' circulated broadcast on assuming r ~\c ■'
\ > ' command of the clothing trade . ) A
// \ -- /-"wS» of this section shall be adhered /* - \ ' ~*s
fth (to^^ to most strenuously. ' / \ ■'
A\vs :=am^L- "* V By the magnitude of our sac- , \
\AA '/'//** '•^=^  A\ rifices we have created a big de-
' ,f ) mand for Men's and Boys' Cloth-
■ J/J i°g which only we are in the ***"" ■ -~^ .^, v
{[ I / f^-^. JpS position to fill. .__ I V
//^ S< WE PLACE HERE THE FACTS BE- \ )
If/^^B^s^ FORE YOU— THE REST RE- . \
,^v* We Lead AH Back of Hats for the T-^x
- : — >, / Others in Our Promises. Most Fastidious. _^/ "*\ »
/y^ _^_Z / Those Elegantly Tailor- ■ Those Boys' Reefer The latest blocks in Derby 1
/ z^^^>-^ / Made Blue and Black Men's ; Suits, worth $5.00 and $6.00, ;an j Fedora Hats, the new- •) '
• . / Beaver Overcoats. They A"i rtf" I sizes 4to 8, Suttash trim- |es shades, blue, black, . 1 </*"" -— — / ,
■ — I are honestly worth $15.00. VI XH : m ing, with deep sailor collar (f| QIP brown, gray, otter , and A J J r ' \ /' ■/ /
' s •. y ,/ Our price while they last... VllUVl and sizes 9to . 15, made A A **J pear Hatter's price $2.50. \ I I h v ' \ / /
I // ,/ 111 plain * Our price while they last... II 111 > " A V /
t^A J # It May they're All Way's V Vv ~
*" ■l/r-^ Interest You. Very Fine. llndprwpar \ \V
7/ — x ?ei y 1 me. Inderwear. \ \\
,-- / V, \ We are still selling those n ,rc' Hmw Pheviot- • -". -?>.'•-.'■ • \\ \\
/ / ' \\ Ail-Wool Worsted Men's ' Kn-e Pants-Pants worth QRn They are the Genuine Balbrig- , .\\ ... V
X*-v \ I Dress Suits in black and coc. c On? price while they /fiP, an . in dark brown, with a :. \ , \
/. . 7 gray, which you will notice , 5 °5: nr price wu tney UV\) drop stitch. They are sold for A r \ <> \
/ / Yin other windows marked Aft IP' . $1.25. See 'em in our window. khO " x '-*" ' \
I f ,// $20.00. Our price while \K [IJJ Our prices while they last UUU , \
ft ( / ' —————————— Youths' Long Pants! —^— — — —— — — - ■ ■N^^ \ * -.»-
-;/ V /We Want You s^°' Men's /^^
Y\ iiV/ To Know ' J^^aSal^ ' Ail-Wool Sweaters. ( ■
/,Wj\ n^r'rs^^ ■2,SJS..Sni H t <to or ap^^'^^in^ V 11 1
/! V / Scotch Tweed Suite, fly- other houses for $7.50. Ji) Ai) JE cla^l - baf iJ $nd m ar? O n -P^ '^L<
/ 7 s^fsSTs-,,^ OE Qi; . ; . Our price while they last (DC
C/ // Our price wwivw . * A "^^^^^
K^^^ C «V^^ Boys' . Fly Front Suits. Iniaundered ( '^f?&^ '"f _^
«i N. t y P^^t^>-' :^^^ XXt Sh «ni W s'ieM?v e ear d - 1» J ._ i house'Tn fo'wn? Our "rice Jfi 45 ' f»r« c d tS fronK en and OS bSk, Tdl ftp /^°^" S^Z*^
(/—\ < J. >> -J t ,S^^W/>\ Ss w2K?th y^.^i AR labile they last I*""™ ! worth 7SC all sizes. Our price #K(J
(T % '\fl JIT/y ' K & ' /$£ **%?* Our price while they last.... 01 |T J ' while they last "'''"''''.^ ( / A
r^ s / 'ivJ Pants! JnQ'
H\p : :ii ''v jf vrJP You -Can '' Pants! Pants! Children's '^^S^M^^^Vy^M
' .'^Jf^:' l 'W^m Have More. T^«\« . Shirtwaists '#11^^ % \L'W^
~~,.-^ *' ■ ff^^ ', %-^^r}^ ■-„"• and nobby patterns, worth Ol1 " l Uai^l^. IT )TX vX\ j '%£' \HT^^/ //^V^~T*
-s^ ?''_*saz i-^. /^. _ jr /-<.H JS&fW '<» +J >*«z±=sZ*>S Those Brown and Gray $3.50 and $3.00, You can c b , ,» r v \x/ • * W- •_§&!*" »=» V ><^V)--»^ < 3*«\ *V/ y^* / -v^i
V >^'lll #/nil'f;3 s-'?^^' Cheviot Check Suits, sizei AA Ai- see °em- displayed in our tfJ iAP F^ ncy J^f Ca l3fl h an^ a ' S > A .^^ • */^U
-^P^Mm ~W\\' ( Vlt^^-Aff-4 /^ V 34 to ■*>, worth $10, dis- \l UK windows. Our price while \1 Jlji pretty pattens, large sailor col- Ar ft ==J-.^^ >x V 4^l
P > Li^^^\ll^ ; /.' : Played in our window at... " OJIUJ they last V|ll. UU lars, so ' d j^ lI h ° e vel j a f s ° r ™ c ' Our XXv ~' = &%fl\%' '*** Wg?s <o£s^Jp&^-
fL? j> X*. <* -V •^^=^^ y/ Those Brown and Gray $350 and $3.00, You can ,_ D . .., .„, • . *-=f JmL,~ =* v r^Rl *^«// >J ,y s^£l
]]!»( #//^W? 3 Jrt^^^' Cheviot Check Suits, sizes 111 AAp see 'em displayed in our (hi AC Fancy Percale Wash Waists SS« ' /^^ /r (^r^k
iß'fl / H^F-lirt /^" 34 to 40, worth $10, dis- \V Oh windows. Our price while ( \1 [)[) Pretty patterns, large sailor col- A p cajslflg.  wK^L : v 4?4
P^ : ilf^^Ei -(' f, S playedinourwindowat - W133 theylast • * P s wKh^s^l.?" OjC '^^m^ <^^^%^\
-il^'P' -1 CLOTHIERS, CLOTHIERS, CLOTHIERS, %{i^^i|B^H
Sl^/f^^^i I 'j}J^^<it J . 924 to 930 Market St. 924 to 930 Market St. 924 to 930 Market St. , ~'\j((J_ -LJ^ZI I ff^^^'i'Sift^ ■
• ijW" I%\^^W I ;-/i^^<*>" BALDWIN ANNEX. BALDWIN. ANNEX. BALDWIN ANNEX. —:Vi | |J |i/ -.^=> '-..— • Jl J I^V-.>\ : -^\ I^^^ ;
'- \. I^^^ 0 Country orders will receive prompt Country orders will receive prompt Country orders will receive prompt :^ «> ' ■ ___ — (^^4 J- Bi ~^-~., ,* - «^/.
-rT- and careful attention. and careful attention. and careful attention. .^ '.*-" "™ 17 "' TT" - ■»«••'
Destruction of All Competition by Our Little Prices on Big Values. We've Reduced 'Em to This by Our Constant Firing of Big Values at Shoddy Prices.
PORTLAND BANKER
BECOMES SENATOR
Henry W. Ccrbstt Named |
as the Successor of
Mitchell.
Appointed by the Governor After
the legislature's Failure
to Elect.
Is Prcmlnent in the Bus ; ness World j
and Sirved a Term in
Congress
PORTLAND, On, March 6 —ln view ot
the failure of the recently adjourned i
Legislature to elect a successor to Senator
J. H. Mitchell, Governor Lord to-day ap
pointed Henry W. Gorbett, vice-president
of the First National Bank of this city, to
fill the vacancy.
Mr. Corbett was born in Westboro,
Mass., on February 18, 1827, and for more
than forty-live years he has been a con
spicuous man in the Northwest. He was
one of the first members sent from Oregon
to the upper house of Congress after this
State's aimissio.i.
In 1869 Mr. Corbett, in company with
Henry Failing, purchased a controlling
interest in the First National Bank of
Portland, an institution that had been es
tablished in this city four years previou*
to that time. Messrs. Corbett and Failing
became its financial head. This is today
the oldest and strongest National bank in
the Pac.fie Northwest. In addition to his
conneciion with this bans Mr. Corbett Is
interested in many other important busi
ness enterprises which have received and
are still receiving the benefit of his able
counsel and pecuniary assistance.
He has been a director of the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company ; he is
largely interested in the Portland Cordage
Works; he is one of the leading stock
holders of the Portland Linseed Oil
Works; he is one of the leading owners of
Oregon Transfer stock; lie is vice-presi
dent and principal stockholder in the Ore
gon Fire and Marine Insurance Company;
he is president and one of the originators
of the Security Loan and Trust Company
and is largely interested in street railways
In this city. At the present time Mr. Cor
bett is president of the c mpany which
built and furnished the magnificent Hotel
Portland, second in size only to the Palace
Hotel of San Francisco. He has also been
prominently connected with the Board of
Immigration.
In private enterprises Mr. Corbett has
always responded liberally and wisely to
all calls for support or encouragement in
any form, and he enjoys a flattering repu
tation for liberality in the line of effective
beneficence. H- gave $36,000 toward the
erection of the First Presbyterian Church
in this city, and in addition he has made
liberal endowments to many of the char
itabe institutions of Portland.
In politics Air. Corbett was originally a
W'fiig and a devoted follower of Henry
Clay. Upon the formation of the Repub
lican party in Oregon he became one of its
leaders, ani as chairman of the Republi
can State Central Committee performed
valiant service toward securing the as
cendency of the grand old party in Ore
gon politics. Mr. Corbett's debates on
National finance and the funding bill
while he was in the United States Senate
are still cherished by his colleagues as
masterpieces of logic.
Mr. Corbett was an anti-Mitchell man.
He is perfectly eouhd on every plank in
ihe Republican platform ; he favors a gold
standard ; is enthusiastic in support of
the Nicaragua Canal project and believes
in the efficacy' of a reasonable tariff to
protect American industry.
SHE PULLED HIS BEARD.
Portland Lawyer Attacked by an Irate
Washerwoman on a Crowded
Street.
PORTLAND, Ob., March 6.— W. L. Nut
ting, a lawyer, who a few years ago en
joyed some prominence here in his protes
sion, figured in a sensational street episode
here to-day. On Yam hill and First
streets, a locality crowded on a pleasant
day, Mrs. Keppler, a poor but stalwart
laundress, encountered the lawyer and
began talking to him in a loud and in
timidating tone. This in a few moments
attracted a large crowd. Nutting, natur
ally of a retiring disposition, made an
effort to get away, but the laundress was
determined that the crowd should hear
her story of a long-standing unpaid wash
bill.
Eventually, when the lawyer could n o
longer stand the ridiculous position in
which he was placed, he made a deter
mined attempt, to leave the scene, but the
woman seized his very long benrd, jerking
it several times i<"> accentuate her closing
remarks. Mrs. Keppler vßnished from
the scene just in time to miss the police
patrol-wagon.
Lawyer Nutting had a similar experi
ence with an iniuriated woman about two
years ago, but he did not con-ider it of
sufficient importance to cause her arrest.
It is also quite improbable that he will
prosecute Mrs. Keppler.
BETROTHBD FOR THIRTY YEARS.
Courtship Begun in Ireland Several Dsc-
ades Ago Ems in an Oregon
Wedding.
GERVAIS, Or., March 6.— David Barnes,
a well-known and fairly well-to-do citizen
of ibis place, a few days ago married the
woman to whom he plighted his troth in
Ireland thirty years ago. Her name was
Catherine Welch. Barnes regularly cor
j responded with her for twenty-six years,
' when he sud enly ceased writing. Why
j no one knew, for he was never known to
! pay attentions to any other woman since
he came to this part of the country. He
often spoke of the only woman he ever
loved, whom he left in the old country
during the heydey of his youth. Why he
! never sent for her remained an unex
| plained mystery to those in whom he con
fi led, because he- was well able to care for
a wife.
About ten days ago there arrived here
direct from Ireland a fine-looking woman,
who, after remaining in seclusion in a
' hotel for two days, visited Father Blan
! chet's church. Afier the service she mi
i formed, the divine that she was the woman
who, for almost a lifetime, had patiently
been waiting to become David Barnes'
' wife, and she complaintd because he tiad
; neglected her in the matter of correppond
| ence during the past four years. Father
j Blancliet well knew Barnes and he. ar
• ranged a meeting between them. Barnes
I was not informed as to why the priest had
: *ent for him, but the moment be and Miss
: Welch saw each other there was a mutual
i recognition, despite the mauy years that
; passed since they met,
If the fire of love had ever smoldered in
j Barnes' heart since he ceased writing to
: his fiancee it blazed forth airesh on this oc
casion, and now they are a happy married
i couple.
DECREASING MARE ISLAND'S FORCE
Workmen Become Idle Because of the
Delay in Procuring Necessary
Material.
VALLEJO, Cal., March 6.— Eighty-five
mechanics and helpers were discharged
from the steam engineering department
this afternoon and it is expected that at
least as many more will be compelled to
pack up their tools and leave the station
within the next week. It is said that the
cause for this extensive decrease in the
force of workmen is that there is not
enough material on band to continue
work now well under way. The navy
yard officials are seriously handicapped
by the slowness with which the powers at
Washington distribute supplies and ma
terial. There is considerable work near
inc completion and an abundance of
money to carry it on, but the needed sup
plies in some departments are not yet In
sight.
Taltrjo Xmtimma Celrbrate.
VALLEJO, Cal., March 6.— Vallejo Par
lor No. 77, N. S. G. W., celebrated its
eleventh anniversary last evening with a
party at San Pablo Hall, which was at
tended by several hundred ladies and geu
tlemen as guests of the members. Vallejo
Parlor is one of the most prosperous in
hib section, with several thousand dollars
in its treasury and beinc governed by pro
gressive men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
PROBATE SALE_OF REAL ESTATE. |
ESTATE OF JULIA riORRISON, DECEASED, j
AT AUCTION.
Wednesday.... ...March 10, 1897, I
At 12 o'clock m. a: the salesroom of *
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAQ,
Real. Kstate Agents and Auctioneers,
30 Montgomery St., opp. Lick House.
£QO-634 SACRAMENTO ST., NORTH SIDE,
D» & 137:6 ft. east of K<>arny, east 84:4 i/ 2 x
•119:6.' through, to Commercia. with improve- ]
ments mere on. consi^tin^ of a 3-sior.- and base- j
ment brick building renting for $210 per month.
Ql A VALENCIA ST., W. SIDE, 106 SOUTH j
t/I""of 20th, lot 35x110 it; . improvements j
thereon, 3-story frame building; renting for $100 1
per montn. This property has a great future ana !
will enhance in value. •
JOT ON NORTH SIDE OF LOMBARD ST., j
\i ] 37 :6 leet east of Buchanan, east 54x137:6 '
feet: tfaii 'is a fine lei to build 00, having a good
view. "-|- '. y.."^ •-■•'-■■•-'•'£':;■'' '-.';> .•■■;•
FILLMORE-ST. LOT, EAST BIDK, 85 FEET
north of Lombard, then -north 5-:6 feet. !
east 137:6 feet, south 1 37:6 feet to the u or. h aide ;
of Lombard, thtnee west 27:6 feet on LombarJ, :
thence north 85 feet, w. st 110 feet to east side of
illlmore. '
pBKKXWICH- ST. LOT, SOUTH SIDK, I
VT 152:5 5-16 feet west of Buchanan, west. 122 :7 x
120 feet through to I'ixley St.; this 10* is ready 10
build on and finely located.
/^HESTNTJT-ST. LOT, SOUTH SIDE. 137:6 i
\J feet east of Laguna; size 68:9x137:6 feet; 1-16 j
Interest. 7.; V ,;■ __
/1 REENWICH-ST. LOT, SOUTH SIDE, 162:6 i
VJT feet west of Gough sf., west 75 by 110 feet.
T AGUNA-ST. LOT, BEING THE NORTH-
JLj west corner of Lombard si., size 30x110 feet;
one-sixteenth interest.
A LBO IN AND TO AN UNDIVIDED INTER-
J\. est held by tue above estate in a certain tract
of land situated in the City and County of £a 1
Francisco and known as ihe Kickeu claim.
All sales subject to confirmation :of
Probate Court. ____
" . BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
V.; 1 : 30 Montgomery St., opp. J.ick Houso.
Atlantic ■*fi||g*|j^
BAILKOAD
Trains leave and arrive •tHfi£SQMHE«9B9H
4tarkti^3ire«l Ferry. wSK^^Ssfi^Hw
SASTA EXPRESS. WmMm
To Chica S o via A. & P.{s£2£sisTcUTej
Direct JLine •^*«ijr4i-^*^tfjs
' Leaves da ly at 6 :j0 p. m.. carrvlnt Pullcuan Palitc«
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Tourist
Sleeping-cars, which run dally through 10 Chicaca
Tia Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and Sb
Loots. -
Boston Kxcursions, via Kansas City, Chicago '
Montreal »nd the White Mountains leave every
j Ti.eeday. - . .
The best railway from California to the East,
i Hew rails, new ties; no dust; Interesting scenerjr,
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
! San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala
1031* Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
MORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1893.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafae!-»7:25, *9:15,
11:00 A. «1:45, 3:45, *5:15. •5:45, «:30 p.m.
Extra trips for Sxn HafaiM on Mondays, W'ednes-
■ days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. a.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San T:afael-*8:00, •10:00
•11:30 >. M-: •l:.".0, 3:00, *4:iiO, 6:15 P. m.
Trains marked * run to san Queutin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7;25 a.m.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 p. m. Satur-
days.
j Or CazHdero and war stations— 7:2s a. m. week-
days; 1:45 P. m. unia-s.
lOUJIT TAIHALPAIS.
Trains connect with North PaolfU
Coast Railroad.
WJ£KK l)AY8-L«>»v«S. F. 9:15 A. U. l:4!Sp. K.
Returning— Arrive 8. If. 8:25 p m. 6:20 P. x,
I SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. Ba. x 11:30 a.m. I:3 Up.x,
■ Returning— Arrive 1:1* p. H 4:20 p.m. 7:35 P.M.
Tickets for sale In M ill Valley or
THO-. COOK A >O.NB, 621 Market St., 8. F.
IUU valley and Mount Tamijal* aomlm ßall
i-kavk I I KOMFKBBUARY 15, 1897 I abbiv*
~ BOtTIIKB> l"A«:iriC : cojipaht.
(PACIFIO HV.STEM.> (
% r nlo* lei»» «■ nntl nrf <ln<- to iirrlfii stt
' MAN lIUX«'I'M«
'•:O«a Nnes, San Jose and Way BtaHons . . . Bs*» A
7:«Oa Atlantic Express, Og«len and I.act.. »:■*•>?
7:oOAEenicia,VacaTiUe, Kumsey." Sacra-
■-:•:- mento. OroTille and Ileddlng via
DaTis.. :; •••• • l 4 0»
7:80 Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Nspa, • _
Caliatoga and Santa Rosa •«»»»
*:KOa Niles. Man .lose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marys»ille, Chico,
-Telianiaamlßeaiilufi...... -*»■"«"
30a Peters an .l Milton.. »7:15r
9:OI»a New Orleans ]':xprees, Raymond (for
Yosemite), Kresno, Uakerslie'd.
Santa Barbara, 1 os Angeles Dem-
ing, El l'aso. New Orleans and
East 4i45p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:4..
9:OO a Vallejo 6:13p
....... Niluß, .San J"«e, • Livermora and
Stockton 7:1»P
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers MIzOOp
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Uvennore 8:45 a
1 (l:UOp Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43p
4:OUp Martinez, San Uamon. V.illejo.
Napa, Cnlfstoga, El Yerano and
Sautallosa »i!sa
4ioop Benioia, Vacaville, ' Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
Tille and Sacramento 11:15 a
4iSOp Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
oed and Fresno, going via Nllee, .
returning Tia Martinez , 11i4Sa
SiOOp Angeles Express. Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los 7 . .
Angeles... • ' ' 5 '
BiOOp Hanta Vo Route. Atlantic Express -
for Mojaro and East •- + 9
«:OOp Kuropanu Mail, Os>l»"i and Ka»t.... 9:*.^*
6:00p Hay wards, Niles and Han Jose I*?**
J7:OOp Vallejo t7:45»
7:O(»i- Oregon KxprMS, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, ltedtHng, Portland., i'uge* *
Sound Mid ICast llsia*
; " Sunset Limited." Fresno. Los
Angeles, HI Paso, New Orleans
and East fig***
SASTA Cltl!/ I>I VISION (Narrow UnnsQ.
ksISA Newark. <,'enterv>Uo,Naii.l»»e.Felton,
IJoulO-r Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations : si»of
•SlilSp Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New
'■ :>'-:".- Almaden, Telton, lioulder Creak,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MliieOA
4:15 I' Newark. Hun I'"-" and I.i>s «>atos... 0:-10 a
f 11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations 17;»O>
(OAST IM UNION (Iliinl X 'lowiismhl Sl*.)
! o>4sa »an Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) lrtO?
S:lSa San Jose, Tits l'iiios, Smitii Cms.
Pacilic Grove. Paso Rubles, Ban w
Luis OMspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations TtOOp
IO:4Oa Ban .lose and Way Stations 3:OOp
I 1:30 a Palo Alto anil May Stations 8:30»
*91:30j> San Mateo, Menlo Park, Kan .lose,
Gilroy, Tree Pinoa, Santa Crur,
Salinas,MontereyandPacillcGroYe •IO:'IO»
•lt::iOpSan Jose mid Way . Stations S:43a
•4:3OpSap .Teseaml Way Stations •8:0r,»
3:30 pS» .Jose nnil Principal Way Stations "M:4.V«
«::JOf San Jose and Way Stations «::»-">\
tll:i.~>l- Han Jose ami Way StatioiM i*:-!^:
: SAX KKANUKO AMI HAXWABUS LOCAL.
i*(l:O«A * ' " ( 7:1.
8:OOa I ' ; - |0:45\
9:00 a ' Kelrose, Seminary Park, 10«43a
io.ooa ] Helrose, Seminary Park, n»« A
1 "!o»p r^hb»rg,S.nLo«dro ™\£Z
3:OOp « d 1 4:l.^p
4:OOp ' ") 3:43r
B:00p HaTwardi. 6:15r
7:« Op »:4^l
8:OOp ' . t ' _._ 0:45p
O-OOp < Runs through to Nile*. 10:30p
1 ttll*:lspj • From Niles. [ tU«:OU?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS FIUSCISCO— foot of SUrket Street (Slip 8) —
•7.15 9:00 11:00 a.M.. M. tl:00 *2:00 12 It,
♦1:00 15:00 . *6:00 p.M.
from O»UISD— Fcot or Broad w»t.— *6:00 .8:00
10:00 a.M. 1 12:00 *1:00 t2:00 *3:00 # t».O8
•S:OOi-.m. *
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
' Sundays excepted. i Saturdays only.
X Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
. <Tua days and Saturdays. I Sundays and Thursday*
SIN FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market it.
Ban Francisco to San Rafael.
! WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.*.: 12:3%
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. K. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. if. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:SJ
and 11 :30 P. it
SUNDAYS--, :00, 9:30. 11:00 A. 1C; 1:3% 3:3%
6:00,6:20 P. if.
San Rafael to Ran T"nnrl«ro.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 A. i«.-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trtpi
at 1:55 P. m. and 6:35 p. v.
BUNDAYS— 8:1U, 9:40, 11:10 a. M.; 1:40, 3:1%
6:00, 0:25 P. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzan Park sama
schedule as above,
Leave I T .-„» Arrive ~
San Francisca oc ? 14. B*n8 * n Francl »°*
Days. | days. "gs" na "on. DAY s. | Pats.
7:30 am 8:00 am 1 Novato, 110:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 i*M 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:36 pm 8:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 ak
Healdsburg,
l.ytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30 PM 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:38 pm| 6:23 pm
j "~"~~ ; Pieta,
Hopland &
7 :30 am l 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:23 m
7 .30 am ■ 1 10:25 AM
8:00 am Guernevtlle. 7:36 PM
3:30 pm 6:32
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 PMi 5:00 PM Glen Ellen. 6:10 PM .6:22 pm
7:30 am am i sebastODOl | 10:40 am 10:2 •am
3:3opmls:oopml &ebaatopol - 1 6:10 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at "Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skuijsi Springs: M
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and LAkeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bart ett Springs; at
TJkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Patter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Boonevilla. |
Greenwood. Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Brag?, Westport, TJsal, wtiiets. Canto. Co-
velo, Laytonville. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoel
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b*-
yond San Rafael at half r*'.«*.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle hnildlai-
A. W. FOSTER, , B. X RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager* Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE 811 FR ;\('iS( 0 .V\i> MX JOAQUI.I
VALLEY lAILW4I COMPAQ.
FROM JANUARY 31, 1897. passenger trains
will run daily:
•hbonini. Stations. Northbound.
7:211 a. m Siockton :b:iO p. m.
9:49 a. m Merced.. ....... 3:14 p m.
11: a m Fresno... 1:10 p.m.
For Intermediate stations tim^-table,
Connectins; steamboats of the C N. A 1. Co.
j ■ '»ay t««i V-h" ■«■ o ■■ <■' -to '■! - it fi p M. dully-
56
DIFFER IN
TRAINING
METHODS
Corbett Refuses to Leave
His Quarters During
the Storm.
FITZSIMMONS VENTURES
ABROAD.
Much of the Cornishman's Time
Spent in the Op?n Air on
the Mountains.
HE HAS BECOME INTERESTED
IN HANDBALL
Assists in Buiding a Cou: t for Him
self— Th: Fighter Bags a
Mess of Quail.
CARSON, Nev.. March 6.— The snow
storm which made its appearance !a*t
evening was with us still this morn
ing. It has continued with varying vio
lence all day, and it is snowine worse
than ever to-night. The two giants who
are to do battle for the world's champion
ship on St. Patrick's day have, along with
their friends, abandoned all hope of once
more seeing dry roads before the day of
tne contest of the century, and the only
thing that is worrying anybody now is j
whether or not we can at least have a clear !
day on the 17ih.
The "oldest inhabitants'' of Carson,
with their weather oracles, have lost their
jobs as prophets. When the big snow of a
fortnight ago tumbled upon us they
handed out chunks of consolation in the
shape of declarations that never before
did Carson weather behave in so recalci
trant a manner. This was the tirst winter
in years that the good people of Carson had
ever been given a chance to go tleieh
riaing, said these veteran wiseacres. But j
this year everything seems to be coming j
in a lump.
But the prophets are not to blame and
there is no help for the situation. It
might be worse, you know. Ihe snow is j
her-, and it is still snowing, and there I
may be snow on tne ground in large, fat |
layers np to the day of the battle which i^
agitating the v,-orid. It will in no wise
inconvenienice those who intend coming
here to occupy a seat in Dan Stuart's
mammoth arena. In fact it will be a nov
elty for thousands of them — that i?, the
thousands who are coming from sunc!ad
California. Tiie only anxiety being ex
perienced because of the climatic somer
sault belongs to those who are interested
in the training of Corbett and I'iizsim
mons.
The Cornishman as well as hi; trainers
declare solemnly that a little matter of a
foot or so o» "the beautiful" will in no
wise handicap their operations, and to
prove that they were serious in what they
said the whole band of them slipped into
their Arctic shopp r.nd heavy clothing and
trudged for miles to-day over nature's
white carpet. But not so with Corbett.
Jim still sticks to bis theory that the ex
posure attendant upon tripping through
banks of snow is not worth the risk. His
greatest care all through bis training has
been to prevent contracting a cold or tak
ing even the slightest chance of incapaci- I
tatine himself for the event of his life.
His explanation is always the same —
wnether the trainer, newspaper corre
spondents or casual visitor — that he
wants to step into the ring a healthy,
whole mas, without an ache or an ail
ment and with no opportunity to offer an
excuse in the event of his defeat — an event
for the consummation of which the Cali
fornia gladiator can !»ee no possible chance.
"Now isn't this exasperating ?" said
Corbeti this aFtjernoon, as he impatiently
jammed his fists into hi« trousers pocfcats
and walked over to a window of Shaw's
Hotel to peer into the storm. He could
see, through the founding cloud of whie
that was lazily settling toward the earth,
the indistinct outlines of his handball
court and the little sheds that surround
the main building at Shaw's Soring.
"This puts an end to my outdoor work,"
mused the big lellow. Jim was talking to
nobody in particular, po this is not exclu
sive. There were a dozen or more people
in the room at the time, but, strange to
Hf, none of tbe copyright sleuths.
"You don't mean to say that you in
tend to eive up road work^jntirely now?"
ventured one of t!ie company.
"Of course I do," replied Corb9tt, as if
surprised that anybody should ask such a
question.
"But what will your trainers say about
itf
"Let me tell you something," said the
man who lowered the famous John L.'s
colors, turning from the window and
dropping into a convenient chair. "My
trainers and I are in perfect harmony as
regards everything that takes place here
at the springs. They are guided more by
what I tell them as to bow I feel and whai
1 need than I am by what they might
choose to prescribe, although we never
have any clashes. I am the one who has
to fieht Fitz — not they. I knovr wnea I
am feeling right and what work is doing
me good. They consult me only on these
point 9 and offer advice. That has always
been my method of training, and inas
much as I have never iost a battle or even
been crowded in a contest, it must be a
pretty good method. Now, road work
is always beneficial and is particularly
good in the way of developing one's wind.
But there are other ways of reaching the
same end. My handball court is open
roofed, and in consequence I get all the
fresh air I need while doing my boxing
and handball playing, i will miss the
road racing, because 1 like it, but my hav
ing to drop it will in no wise be a handi
cap to my training. This snow may be a
good thing after all. My trainers have
now and then expressed a fear that I will
do too much work, and as this storm will
necessarily cut out a portion of the train
ing routine and reduce my work it may
be to my advantage. But, no matter what
any of us may think, the snow is here,
and no human power can prevent it, co
we will have to philosophically bow in
submission,"
View of the Completed Portion of the Coliseum at Carson, Showing the Ring in the Foreground.
It may be true, as James J. said in the
course of his remark?, that the fact that
i,is handball court is open roofed may he
a great advaniape in the way of admitting
fresh air, but it also showed itself to-day
to be something of a handicap. It let in
the ;-now. The floor of the court soon be
came white coated and treacherous:y
slippery— so much so that handball-play
ing wa» eliminated from the afternoon
programme. Jim played a couple ot
frames in the morning, but had to be de
cidedly gingerly about it for fear of sus
taining a fall that might be serious in its
results.
In the afternoon Trainer Billy Delaney
swept of the snow and after resining the
floor pronounced it >afa enough for a few
rounds of light boxing.
Despite Billy's carefulness the floor was
still in such a dangerous condition that
Corbett narrowly escaped meeting with
a:i injury that might have decided the
great championship battle in advance. It
was while he was having a bout with Big
Jack McVey, the wrestler, that the acci
dent occurred. Corbett confines himself
to clinching tactics when with McVey,
and he was carrying out his usual pro
gramme on this occasion. He has boring
into the big fellow and forcing him across
th? room when the champion's feet finally
leaclud a spot on the floor which was
caked with fleet. In an instant both legs
flew apart and Corbett partly did what is
known in acrobatic circles as the "split."
It is painful to those who do not prac
tice it and it hint Corbeti. He recovered
himself in a second, however, and again
plunged into McVey. But that prac
tically put an end to the afternoon's work,
as Trainer Charley "White, who bad be
come somewhat alarmed at the chances
Jim was taking on the slippery floor, soon
coaxed the champion to stop boxing for
the day and retire for a rub-down.
But .suppose we have something now
about Fitzsimmons, the "other fellow."
Bob's latest freak is a notion for handball.
Heretofore he has been inclined to sneer
at Coroett's penchant for this class of ex
ercise, but now he is going to be a crank
at the game himself.
He has started in to board up the in
terior of his gymnasium, assisting with
his own hands, and will have & very fair
court finished by Monday. His trainers
are groaning over the outlook, for they
can see only an increase in their labors
rather than the handball displaying any
other feature of the training bill.
When Fitzsimmons got out of bed this
morning he took a peep at the drifting
snow and wondered if the big man at
Shaws Springs was astir. Roeber and
Hickey took the Coruishtnan in charge
and marched him through the snow for
tweive miles '.his morning. They passed
the penitentiary at a gallop, came into
town through the slush and mud, and
peoule wondered at the daring of the
lanky fighter. On the way back to his
training quarters Bob stopped from time
to time and walked at a brisk gait with
Hickey.
Then they leaped into a gallop for 300
yards or more, and when they passed the
penitentiary, whic i is a stone structure of
strange design, they saluted the sentinels
on the turrets. It is only a half miie from
the prison to Fiizsimrnons' -headquarters.
He made this distance through the slush
ahead of Dan Hickey. and when he
knocked the snowballs. off his feet at his
training quarters he said :
"This is the worst game I've been
against yet. It's snowballs from break
fast to supper, but I'll bet five dollars to a
sausage that the other fellow has iiot
taken the run that I've made this niorn
inp. They say I'm not in condition and
that I'm not ready to right. You've seen
me in other rights and I think you know
that I've got something up my sleeve."
Fitzsimmons tneu entered his training
quarters and was stretched upon the
bench, where Roeber and Hickey rubbed
him Irom necK to ankles. As the giant
lay upon this couch he said:
"I've just got a letter from my wife, and
she tells me she ha* decorated our home
with crosses and evergreen. This good
woman," said Fitzsimmons, "has always
made this provision before a battle — that
is, before ray battles. I may be supersti
tious; I may be a crank; 1 may ba
'nutty,' as some people say, but somehow
or other I always sort of bank on the good
woman who has raised the cross .for my
victory."
It was then that big Roeber entered the
training quarters and began sprayrng
the legs of the athlete. Hickey wa- at his
throat with harsh towels and with a joke
now and then. When the big fellow had
been rubbed from head to loot he bei_an
ihe work of building a handball court in
side of " his gymnasium. Three men as
sisted him in this work. They were Roe
ber, Hickey and . Stelzner. Fiiz-umruons,
with his keen eye— and th* eye, by the
way, which has done some business in the
ring — cut the timber and placed all the
posts and boards in position. He seemnd
10 be as much interested in the construc
tion of the handball court as he would be
in a battle for the championship of the
I world. He watched every movement of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
the men ana to ona of the correspondents
said:
"I'm cut out for a carpenter as well as a
fighter. There's no chance for me to lose
this battle, but if I should, by hook or
crook, I think after the work of this after
noon I have demonstrated the fact that I
can build a structure at least."
After Fhzsimmons had finished his
work as architect within his own training
quarters he took a shotgun and, with
Stelzner, went into the mountains to hunt
some game. The two men started in a
bhnlmg snowstorm — a storm which has
raged for twenty-four hours — and after a
naif-hour's tramp through Rattlesnake
Canyon, they shot nine quail. Th'se Ne
vada birds are strange to Eastern sports
men, for the reason that they have a yellow
tail.
When Fitz returned to headquarters and
again stretched himself upon a couch in
the gymnasium he said:
"I am not like a whole lot of fighters.
Most of them say when they go into a
battle of this kind that it will be their
last. This is nonsense to me. Win or
lose, I'm going to keep on fighting, and
that I'm going to win I'm as certain of as
I am that St. Patrick's day comes on the
17th of March. I'm in a sort of peculiar
position. Many people, including those
who started to win my title to the cham
pionship, have said that I was drinking
liquor. Permit me to say to the people of
this country that I have taken only seven
drinks of whisky since I have been in
Carson. These were taken because of a
throat trouble and cold, which must peo
ple suffer from in this climate.
"I want to say to my friends in every
part of the country that I am the Fitzsira
mons who entered the ring in San Fran
cisco, at New Orleans and at Langtry. I
am making no boast that I will win this
fight. I know I'm up against a clever
man and a strong man, but I think with
the training I get and my own experience
as a general inside of the ropes that I will
outpoint him ana outpoint him hard.
Understand, this is no boast."
Fitzsinimons then arose from his couch
and, stretching his massive form, freckled
from head to tpe. and hairy from the neck
to the elbow, entered the gymnasium and
wrestled with Roeber.
Then he returned to his work of con
struction of his handball court inside the
building. He sawed most cf the timbers
and "bossed" the job from start to finish,
and when he was through with this work
he began to pluck the feathers from the
quail he had shot early in the afternoon
to the mountains.
The Cornishman considered that he
had only done a fair day's work, although
everybody else about the ranch was worn
out and longing for bedtime. This man is
a phenomenon and no mistake.
i'arson Davies, the celebrated Chicago
sport and manager of pugilistic stars, will
not be greeted with a hearty welcome by
the management of the comine carnival
in Carson in the event that he should
journey hither.
It appears that the "Parson" has given
it as his opinion that the big scrap be
tween Corbett and Fitzsimmons is to be a
fake, and this has greatly incensed Dan
Stuart. Through his secretary, W. K.
Whcelock, Stuart extended a formal in
vitation to-night to Davies to stay away
from the n ht. The Chicagoan is sar
castically informed that, inasmuch as he
knows so much about the outcome of the
mill, there would be no need of his going
to the expense and trouble of traveling
away out to Nevada to see it. The "Par
son's" reply to this joyous epistle ought
to be interesting. J. G. Mahsfikld.
SAN DIEGO PRIZE-FIGHT.
Gallagher and Weady Contest Be tore the
Silver Gate Club Declared
a Draw.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., March 6.— Eight
hundred people witnessed a ten-round
prize-ring contest at the San Diego Thea
ter to-night between "Billy" Gallagher of
Los Angeles and '"Jack" Weady of the
U. S. S. Monterey for the welter- weitht
cuampionshipof the Pacific Coast, a pnrse
of $300 and one-h:ilf of the gate receipts.
The right opened at 10:30 o'clock With
Charles Kaufman as refere».
In the first two rounds Weady clinched
frequently io avoid punishment. At the
end of the third round he looked tired,
but h- walked up promptly at the call of
time and look a number of Gallagher's
heavy blows with a grit that surprised
every one.
Ifroru that time on both men rushed the
fighting, and in spite of Gallagher's supe
rior science, at the end of the tenth round
Weady had decidedly the best of the con
test, although the referee declared the
match a draw.
The affair was very successfully con
ducted throughout under the auspices of
the Silver Gate Athletic Club. Several
police officers were present, and perfect
order waa maintained.
«
l>rcr*nl*ni Mare Inland** ' Force.
VALLEJO, Cal., March 6.— Eighty-five
men were discharged from the navy-yard
this afternoon through lack of material.
There will be another discharge next
week.
ARIZONA E DITORS
ARE IN DISFAVOR
The Territorial Assembly-
Declares Against the
Press.
Passes a Bill Making the Pub
lishing of Newspapers a
Felony.
Most Uaque Measure Ever Adopted
by a Latter-Day Legislative
Body.
PHCENIX, Ariz., March a— The most
unique bill ever passed by any Legisla
ture went through the Assembly to-day.
It is as follows:
An act making the publication and editing
of newspapers in the Territory ot Arizona a
felony, and providing suitable punishment
therefor.
Whereas, It lirs become apparent that the
wealth of the Territory is rabidly becoming
diverted from the tax-payers into the coffers
ot the opulent newspaper proprietors and
editors of the Territory; and whereas, the
nineteenth legislative Assembly of Arizona
views with alarm the encroachments. of the
capitalistic press, and has assumed the posi
tion ttiat newspapers are- enemies to the pub
lic morals; therefore
Be It enacted by the Nineteenth Legislative
Assembly of Arizona:
Section 1. That hereafter it shall be deemed
a felony to edit and publish a newspaper
within the Territory of Arizona.
Sec. 2. That the punishment for the crime
herein described shall be not less than ten
years' nor more than twenty years' imprison
ment In the penitentiary at Yuma.
Sec. 3 That the power of the Governor of the
Territory to issue a pardon fof the oflense
herein described be and is hereby revoked and
annulled.
Sec. 4. This act shall take effect and be In
force from and after its passage.
This bill was introduced by Speaker
Chalmers, read the first, second and third
times and passed in fifteen minutes in the
House. ___^^_______
A H OTHER HARD DAY'S WORK.
President McKiniey Early at His Desk and
Receives Many Messages
and Visitors.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 6.—Presi
dent McKiniey was at his desk at 9 o'clock
this morning and hard at work. His cor
respondence is accumulating rapidly.
Among the callers to-day were Senators
Allison and Gear of lowa. Pre-ident Me-
Kinley leceived hundreds of congratulat
ory telegrams this morning. Among
them were the following:
H. H. Kohlsaat telegraphed from Chi
cago: "We salute you. Mr?. Kohlsaat
joins in heartiest congratulations to Mrs.
McKiniey and yourself. God bless and
protect yon."
The President of the Republic of Brazil
cabled : "I congratulate your Excellency
on your assuming charg" of the high
office of President of tne United States
Republic, wherein I am confident you wUI
do all that lies in your power to maintain
and draw closer the relations of amity
which happily exist between the two
countries."
From Rome, Italy, Bourke Cockran
cabled: "I hope and believe your ad
ministration will be an enduring monu
ment of democratic eovernment."
Congratulations were sent by the As
NEW TO-DAT^ _^^
ft! flhn RT? tiT- V-'DtV I* r - - Pler-e's Patent Oalvan'c Chain Belt Is positively guaranteed :
, I \J\!\ i ; XIXjYV J\txU. to be the most perfect electric be now made In. Any par of the
world, and is as far superior 10 he cheap, v gout-n up but extcn-lve y advertised so-called dec ric be. is
now on the market ia an fie trlcllsh: is -up rior to thai, of a tallow cand c. For a first-class belt,
with till modern imi<rovetnents, a: a Moderate Prick, patronize an o d-egtat.lished and reliab.e firm,
and you will thus iiHve no reason to come aln of. having been swind "d out or voar money by un-
principled • I qutci£B." Buy no b*lt ilil yon have sef-n Dr. Plirce'a. " *3~Book Frkb. Ca.l or addrest '
D". PIEItC & SON,' 704 P.acran enio si., tot. Kearn>, or 640 Market st..' below Kearn.-, Ban
Irancisco. The -following 'druggist* are agents;! li. K. Gogings, Sacramento; Holden Dbuq Co.,
biockton, and (jEokqk O. «San Jose. - , • • ,- ,
sembly of California; alßo the German
A-merican Club of Ban Francisco.
The President of Chile has cabled earn
est congratulations from Santiago.
Joseph Maguire of California tele
graphed from Sacramento: "I congratu
late you upon your successful inaugura
tion, hoping your administration may be
continuously successful."
The President and Mrs. McKin'ey were
pined at lunch by their relatives from
Canton, most of whom left for home this
evening.
Nearly all the receiving during the
afternoon took place upstairs in the Presi
dent's office. People came singly or in
delegations.
When a delegation arrived its members
would be corraled in the reception ball
and kept there until the President was
able to receive them. Then Secretary
Porter's messenger would throw open the
doors of Mr. Porter's room and announce:
"All who want to pay their respects to the
President step this way."
This waa the signal for a concerted
movement toward toe messencer, but he
would make everybo'vgpt in lino and
pass through to the President's office in
an orderly manner.
The President was in the best of humor.
His faculty of remembering faces and
names served him well, and sent many
people away smiling and happy. Colonel
Frea Grant of New York moved in and
out about the office rooms during the
afternoon.
About 4 o'clock he presented the mem
bers of the Riverside Republican Club of
the Twenty-first Assembly District, New
York, with the ladses who accompanied
uiern. Colonel Grant is said to be a can
didate for the office of Assistant Secretary
ot War.
A son of another former President also
paid his respects. It was Russell Har
rison of Indiana, who left for his home
to-niebt.
Vice- President Hobart dropped in for a
few moments during the afternoon.
Ladies accompanied the members of the
National Fremont Association, which was
headed by Major R. H. Long of Pittsburg,
founder of the association. Senators Car
ter and Mantle brought several Montana
ladies. Senator f iuuip led an Idaho dele
gation.
Among other callers were Bishop Arnett
of Onio, a prominent man in the Afro-
American Methodist Church; ex-Senator
Paddock of Nebraska; Charles Foster,
formeriy Secretary of the Treasury, and a
delegation Irom the convention ol the
Afro-American Editorial Association.
Shortly after 5 o'clock tne President
and Secretary Porter went out walking.
They passed out the east gate of the White
House grounds and walked eastward
along Pennsylvania avenue. Many peo
ple recognized the new President and he
was kept bunv doffing his hat.
To-night the President entertained a
number of intimatn and personal friends
at dinner. Most of those who were pres
ent went to the inaugural concert in the
Pension building later on.
RECEIVES COHDIAL. I'llAlSF.
Inaugural Addreaa Suit* A#w lorkert
of All Parties.
NEW YORK, ft V., March Presi
dent McKinley's inaugural address has
received the cordial praise of nearly every
prominent man in this city, irrespective
of party, who has expressed an opinion as
to its propositions ami its policy. The
peaceful, dignified and practical tone of
the address has been especially com
mended, and all regard its warm advo
cacy of the arbitration treaty as manly
and* iust. . '•';■•
Disapproval has been confined almost
entirely to that part of it which treats of
the tariff- taken in connection wi.h the
policy of fostering a merchant marine and
the increase of the Nation's revenues by
means 01 higher import duties. The pre
vailing opinion seems to be , that the
.President will not advocate a prohibitive
tariff or one that will be as high as the
measure which bear? his name. '.....
MndiioH- Squarn (lirtten. for Sale.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 6. — The
stockholders of the Madison-square Gar-
dpn Company decided this evening to ad
vertise for biJs for the sale of the prop
erty in whole or in part, as it has been an
elephant on their hands ever since its
erection in 1890. In 1892 and 1893 it paid
expense?, bu' it has never made a profit.
If no pood offer is received the bnildine,
costing $1,600,000, may be torn down and
rebuilt with more profitable structures.
NEW TO-PAY _._^_
THE WIND=UP
• ...
OF OUR
Consolidation
Sale.
$10, $12.50 ASD $15 SUITS
For 58.45.
10 different styles of men's strictly all-
wool suits in quiet mixtures, broken
checks and cheviot effects.
$18, $20, $25 SUITS
For S I 1 .45.
Men's sack suits, frocks and cutaways,
plain blue and black worsted diagonals,
cheviots and Thibet cloths, fancy plaids
and stripes.
Swell Suits Every One of Them
And $11.45 Secures the Choice.
$10, $12, $15 OVERCOATS
For $8.45.
They are plain and fancy colored Wash-
ington beaver and Mountjoy kersey
overcoats.
$18, $20 ASD $25 OVERCOATS
For 5 1 3.85.
Kerseys, vicunas, worsteds, beavers,
meltons and chinchillas, blues, blacks,
browns, silk and serge lined, perfectly
tailored.
SUMffIERFIELD & ROMAN
CONSOLIDATED FEBRUARY 15, 1897.
CORNER FIFTH AND MARKET STS.
PRICES THAT TALK
_ ; '. ON— :
MONDAY TUESDAY WEDNESDAY
j FOR THREE DAYS WE OFFER THE
FOLLOWING EXTRAORDINARY- VALUES '■
Soft Snaps Big Bargains ' Great Specials
. . IN . . . . FOR . . . . IN . .
Black Dress Housekeepers. Underwear.
UOOCIS. 10-4 Gray and White f.fia \ Ladies' Egyptian Rib-
' '-" BianKets. ;. " VVC bed Bilk- trimmed , ox»
42-inch Silk Figured or- 10-4 White Honeycomb r -A» Vests • ""°
Black Monair «wC Quilts "M Thomson's Ds3 Drab tf»| X A
9-4 Bed Comforts KA* Corset; to close at.. »pUvv
46 Fine h ßfa a ck a Goo P dr d 50C — - • * °- 750 grade BC C C«le-
I • Fine Black G00d5.... "vv Fancy PaUern Lace -„ braied Corsets, black • IX«
I 58-inch All-wool Im- • C a ta^"" ---,•• ' ■ Wl , and drab WC
ported Black Storm KA« 15x28 White Towels.. : K. I 37U0 QualitT Gents'
Serge MvC OZ \ double Back and
18x42 Fancy Towels... " 1A« Front Unlaundered OAa'
60-inch Heavy Clay ..  IVC Shirts for ' «UC
-Wor ted.sl7s grade AJ) 31x42 B ath Towels . ft 40c Grade Gents' Xa-
lr •••• — ••••••^ , IVCj tnral ' Wool • i X ed •- : :
58-inch Heavy Curl • 28-inch Fancy Scotch K. ' Shirts and Drawers »~«
CloaKing,sl7squal- Aft Lawn, last colors «v f0r.... ■"«;,
ity lor «pI.VV 30inch New Style 01. 75c Quality Gents' Vl-
,o •■"v. o ii -, 77" . " _ A Dimity ;.... 03C cuna Shirts and KAi»
18-inch Silk Velvet.... c 25c Lappet Mulls we>lr .- ' Drawers ..;. OUC
•••••••-^^•; sellat.- ....;.. IUO ?125 Grade Fronch
20-inch Rhadama Silks riA/j 36-inch Fine Percale*.. IA/> Percale Shirts, latest AAi»
- ' tMF~ Come early and secure what you want bsfore all is sold out.
JAMES MrMORAN & CO.,
1009-1011-1013-1015 Market Street, Near Sixth, Between Sixth
and Seventh Streets. -Jiv
liiif
First Across the Tape as Well
as in Popularity
In the 25-Mile Road Race. San
Leandro Course, February 28th,
BOZIO Ist , DAVIDSON 2d
ORTION RAYNAUO sth
ON
CLEVELAND^ BICYCLES!
LEAVITT&BILL
: RETAIL AGENTS.
, 303 LARKIN STREET,
20 SAN PABLO AVKNTTE. OAKLAND.
H. A. LOZIER & CO.,
- 304-306 McAllister Street.
DR.MCMLTY.
Tf IS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLrABI/E OLU
-I special Ist Private,NervoUs,B!oodand Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
J) years' experieuce. Send for Book, : Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. . Bonn, 9 to 3 .
daily ;6:30 to Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. ; Call or address
.•■'■ vP. BOSCOE DIcJUJLTT, W. ».,
26.'^ Ke:u ny Street, Kan Francisco. C»l.
BOYS' LONG PASTS SUITS,
Ages 13 to 19.
$6, $7 ASD $8 SUITS
For 54.45.
They're in Steel Gray Cheviot,
also Blues and Blacks, single or
double breasted, serge lined.
$10 ASD $12.50 SUITS
For 57.85.
Boys' Suits, strictly All-Wool,
Fall, Winter and Summer
weights.
BOYS' MEE PASTS SUITS,
Ages 4 to 14,
$2.50 ASD $3 SUITS
For $ 1 .48.
$8.50 TO $:> SUITS,
$2.85.
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION
of .
TEACHERS!
OFFICE OP THE CITY BOARD OF EXAM-1
- " INATIOX (Third Floor New City Hall), J.
San Francisco, March 5. 1897. J
mHE REGULAK SKM i- ANN UAL AM IN A-
-1 tion of applicants for teachers' certificate (High
School, Grammar and Primary grades and special
certificate*). will commence at the Normal School
on Powell street, between Clay and Sacramento,
on Y.March 12, 1897. at 2 o'clock r v.
Applicants who wish 10 pass an examination' for
High School certificates or ap-cl a certificates will
send notice to this office on ot before March 8. •
In cotnp lance with the State Sen' ol law each ap-
plicant must pay an examination fee of 92 in ad-
vance. Applicant"! who intend .taxing the exam-
ination must regtsier prior to the commencement
of the same as no fees will be received on that
date. 5 P. M. No LAN,
Secretary City Board of Examination.
Office hours— Wed nes lavs, from 3:30 to 4:30
p. v.; Saturdays, from 9:30 to 11 a. m.
I* A. BerteU Prea. H. Xordman. Vlc^Pres,
A. W. Kirlt. Sec. . Jot, N«rd mBD , Treat
(Formerly 427 Kearny St.)
HAS REMOVED TO
16 KEARNV STREET
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
I 8 a"' POWERFUL aphi odisiao a nd
X specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
of both sexes, and » great remedy for diseases of
the kidneys and bladder. A great RestorauVa!
Invlgorator and Nervine. SeUs on its own Merita-
no long-winded testimonial* necessary
> AiiKu. ALkS Hi BRUNK. Arenti
883 Market St.. 8. F.-(8« n d fo?circul»r»«dn»ay march 7, 1897
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The relief fund in the hands of Daniel Meyer
is now $4112.
Thre > alarms of fire called out the depart
ment ytsterday.
Rey. Ha ket; Smith will repeat tome of his
interesting lectures.
Mile. Trebelli again charmed and delighted
a,i enthusiastic audience.
John M. Oakley's death was caused by an
over-iudulgcnce in stimulants.
The sweet wine product of this season is 50
per cent le^s than that of last year.
Tbe season of Lent is being observed in
many of the churches by special services.
Now Weetminsier Church is to have a memo
rial -.vindow in honor of Monroe Greenwood.
The .-innnal meeting and election of officer*
of the Mechanics' Institute was held last
evening.
Mrs. M. A. Harding of London, England,
thinks that her son mny have been murdered
by Butler.
It Is estimated by the Southern Pacific Com
pany rhat 12,000 people will attend the fight
at Carson.
Judge Dunne disposed of a big criminal
calendar In Department 11 of the Superior
Court yesterday.
J. C. Kane has been granted ".ettcrs of guar
dianship over the person and estate of Cather
ine Brown, a minor.
Unsettled weather with showers Sunday;
high southwesterly winds.— Alexander Me-
Adie, Forecast Official.
The San Bias brought the news yesterday
that General Antonio Ezeta was suffering from
malarial fever in Panama.
Mrs. Clark Hoffman, secretary of the W. C.
T. U. of the United State-, nrnved here yester
day toitay a month and lecture.
Mayor Phelan will try to induce Mr. Sutro
to remove ihe oDnoxious provisions from his
right-of-way deed for the boulevard.
The late Sergeant Thomas D. McKenna's will
has been tiled for probate. There is a rumor
that his daughters may file a contest.
Good Times, Tyro Cheers, Can't Dance, Miss
Rowena, Retiaington, Paimerston and David
were the winners at Ingleside yesterday.
The battle-ship Oregon is evidently getting
ready for a long cruise. She took over 200 tous
of flour from one ot the Stockton steameri yes
terday.
Attorney M. C. Hassett has filed an action at
law to secure a partition of the Crooks estate,
wherein property worth $1,000,000 is In
volved.
William Brugge was arraigned in Judge
Low's court yesterday for the murder of Louig
Gosob, and the case was continued till next
Friday.
Captain Lees was notified last night by the
Pinkerton Agency of New York that A'.onzo J.
Wtiiteman had been arrested there for swin
dling a bank.
An old man, familiarly known as the "gold
nugget man," has been duping several people
in the neighborhood of toe leading hotels and
banks recently.
Jule C. Gamage has sued Sidney V. Smith and
W. F. McNutt on account of $5000 said to have
been received by the defendants as trustees for
Jenny B. Dexter.
The Council of Associated Industries has
decided upon a policy with reference to future
action in dealing with the traffic in adulter
ated food products.
Mrs. Mary L. Martin of Oakland has beon ap
pointed guardian riro lempore of little Kffie V.
K. Hoistrom, for the custody of whom two
mothers are struggling.
General J. J. Canas, the representative of the
Greater Republic of Central America to Mexico,
L'rrived on the San Bias yesterday. He will re
main here a couple of weeks.
The residence of Mrs. Halleck, 114 Scott
street, was entered by a buriuar Thursday aft
ernoon and a gold watch and chain, a purse
and diamond pin were stolen.
The Mission Five-mile Improvement Club, at
its meeting lnst night at L!guri Hall ca.leJ
attention to the neglect of ihe City authori
ties regarding their section of ihe City.
The celebration of the thirteenth anniver
sary of the Sailors' Union of the Pacific was
postponed till uext Siturday ev -ning on ac
count of the inclemency^ of the weather.
Mayor Phelan has addressed an open letter
to the Board ot Supervisors making a protest
against the pr -posed appointment of a deputy
district attorney for this City and County.
The Petticoat Mining Company hns been in
rorp rated by Charles Gross, James T. Henry,
Hull McAllister, Isaac Frohman a id George
Tennan;, with a capital stock of $100,000.
F. F. Pierson, ex-traveling salesman for the
Crane Company, 23 First stn-et. whs brought
from Jackson, Amador County, last evening
to answer a charge of felony embezzlement.
The New Creamerie Restaurant Company
has bee:i incorporated by O. I". Westphal, F. F.
Cooper, C. H. Green, J. B. Fried nnd A. K.
Happrrberger, with a capital stock of $10,000.
John Kalfisich, who flim-flammed Pietro
Corbelli, a bootblack, nut of $315, whs yester
day held to answer before the Superior Conrt
by Jus 1 ice of the Peace Groezinger in $5000
bonds.
Frank Hnwnni and James Dscey, ex-con
victs, mid John Burns: were arrested Friday
while acting suspiciously in the Western Ad
dition, and burglars' tools were found in their
posse.-sioD.
Harry Kelly, a boy 6 years of age, while
sliding down the banisters on the third floor
of the Brunswick Hotel last evening, lost his
balance nnd fell to the basement, dying in
sliout three hours.
John F. Connolly. United States Consul to
■■. 7,'-a:and, has filed nis second report on
, •ration of the single-tax laws of New
'A- aland, in which he declares that the system
has demonstrated itself as a success.
MHJor \V. W. Winchell of the Salvation Army
is mukin:,' active preparations to put the ar
my's allotment colonization scheme Into early
<'{>eration. At least 100 lamilu's, he think-,
can be thus provided for in the fall.
The Labor Exchanee will Moid a public meet
ing at Pythi»n Ha 1.,909 Market street, this
afternoon. State Organizer Clark will explain
how the exchange CHrrits on nn immense and
growing business wholly without money.
The sale oi seats for the big fight Is now
being conducted at Gunst's cigar-store, under
the Baldwin Hotel. Dan Stuart's cousin, \\ .
H. Clark, who is in charge, thinks the contest
is good for at least ten rounds nud probßbly
much longer.
The members of the local Greek colony are
deeply stirred by the intelligence that King
George has issued a call to the army reserves
in America to go to the assistance o! their
country. The Hellenic Society will hold an
efrenrencv m-eiing U\ discuss the situation.
, JBTEW TO-DAT.
POR
La Grippe is epidemic in
nearly all pars of America.
That It is not so fatal as in
1889-is largely due to the uni-
versal use of Dr. Humphreys'
"77," the only Specific ever
discovered for the prevention
and cure of Grip.
Taken early, cuts it short
promptly.
Taken during Its prevalence,
preoccupies the system and
prevents its invasion.
Taken while suffering, relief
is speedy and cure certain.
"77" cures stubborn COLDS
fthat "hang on" and do not
yield to treatment. Relieves in
a few hours— cures in a few
days.
■Dr. Humphreys' Homeopathic Manual of Dis-
eai»-s at your Druggist's or Mailed Free.
Sold by druggists, or sent on receipt at Vb
cents, or five for si. Humphreys' Mod. Co.,
Cor. William and John streets, >ew York.
CROOKS ESTATE IS
TO BE SETTLED
Important Suit for the
Partition of a Million
Dollars.
Real Property in All Parts oi
San Francisco Is to
Be Sold.
Heirs and Creditors Anxious to Re
ceira the Shares to Which They
Are En tit cd.
An important action at law for the set
tlement of the affairs of the weil-known
Crooks estate lias been begun in the
Superior Court by M. C. Hnssett, attorney
for Samuel R. Crooks, the amount in
volTed being nearly $1,000,000. It is in all
respects a friendly suit intended to deter
mine the rights of heirs and Claimants to
the Crooks estate.
Among the defendants named are: Jon
athan J. Crooks, Matthew J. Crooks, Rob
ert Lee Crooks, Margaret J. Morffew,
California Newton, Susan Smith, Ida
Olive Hodpen, J. J. Crooks &t executor of
the will of Susan Crooks, Kate M. Skelly,
Mary Rose Crawford, Daniel Crawford,
John Crawford, Kate M. Stoney, Robert
Lee Crooks, Jonathan Peel, Genevieve
Peel, Anita Gonzales the Hibernia Loan
and Savings Society, Christian Strobel,
Thomas Ambrose, Flow Crooks as execu
trix of the will of Stonewall Jackson
Crooks, and half a hundred others.
The real estate involved is mostly lo
cated in this City and is very valuable. It
is scattered ail over the City from North
Beach to the Potrero and from East street
to the park. Quite a lot is on Julian
avenue, near Fift-enth street, not far from
what was formerly Woodward's Gardens,
and some is on Kearny street.
The complaint al:eges that plaintiff
Samuel R. Crooks has an estate of inherit
ance in the propeny, consisting of an in
dividual one-ninih thereof as tenant in
common; that the defendants Jonathan
J. Crooks, Matthew J. Crooks, Robert Lee
Crooks, Margaret Moiffew, California
Newton, Su«an Smith, Ida Olive Hodgen,
who bave each a like individual one-ninth
interest therein, and the defendants Fiow
Crooks and Jackson B. Crooks are also
together the owners of an individual one
ninth part as tenants in common with the
plaintiff.
It is also set forth that the Hibernia
Savings Bank, Thomas Ambrose, Chris
tian Strobel and Kate M. Strong have in
terests in the reai estate in some sort by
reason of mortgage* and liens on the
same. Tbe other defendants have claims,
or at least pretena to have claims, that
ar2 at present unknown.
The plaintiff therefore asks that judg
ment be entered in accordance with ihe
respective rights of the different claim
ants, and that if partition Cannot be made
then that the property be sold and the
proceeds distributed according as the
riehts of the parties may appear.
GOLD NUGGET MAN.
A Trick That He Has Successfully
Played Upoct Several People
Recently.
A tall, elderly man, dressed as a farmer
and known as the "Gold Nuuget Man,"
has, after a lapse of two or three years,
commenced operations aga.n.
The field for his operations is in the
neighborhood of the leading hotels and
banks and he appears U> be an apt stu
dent of human nature, as he seldom meets
with a failure.
His modus operandi is as follows: He
covers a piece of lead about half an inch
long and a quarter of an inch thick with
gold leaf. Then he places it at a conven
ient spot, covering it with du?t or mud to
escape observation. He srntids a t?w feet
away and when he sees a 1 1 tc >^ 1 3- victim ap
nroacbing he picks up the spunou* gold
nugget, faces the approaching victim
scraping the dnst or mud troni it. The
victim, as a rule, asks him what he has
tounu, and he replies, "Look, it is a gold
nugget."
Tne victim becomes interested and when
the old man telis him he is poor and wants
money badly and will part with the nug-
Let for a few doilars tic generally gels the
money and hurries away.
The trick has been played successfully
several times w.thin the past few days.
O::e of bis victims was H. Anderson, a
curt-stone broker on Montgomery stree;,
who parted with $5. Tourists are his par
ticular prey an'i the victims are so dis
gusted with themselves tliat they are
saii^fied to bear the loss of the few dollars
rather than let it be known that they were
so easily duped.
The "gold nugget man" is about 55
yenrs of age, tali and with iron-gray
whiskers closely trimmed. He lives in
the neghborhood of Third street.
THREE FIRES YESTERDAY.
Damage Caused •<» Building* on Ritch,
Uuchanan and Geary Streets.
Three alarms called the Fire Depart
ment into action yesterday, the damage in
each case being small.
A blaze at 4 o'clock a. m. in a two-story
fr:,me building on Ritch «treet, between
Brannan and Townsend, caused a loss of
$300, mainly to the structure. It is occu
pied by Farnswortli & Ruggles as a stable
and is owned by D. L. Farnaworth and S.
W. Locke.
At 5 o'clock about $1500 damage was
done to a two-story brick building at 142
Geary street and a smaller amount to the
building at 131 Morton street. The Geary
street structure is occupied by A. Kahn.'a
manufacturer of suits and cloaks, and is
owned by the Luning estate. The Mor
ton-street building also belongs to the
Luning estnte and is unoccupied. Both
structure* were insured.
An alaim from oox 152 early yesterday
afternoon was causrd by a fire in a two
story structure at 2517 Octavia street,
owned and occupied by K. Melrose. The
damage was about $50.
Sporting >e\in.
Dr. O'Donneli's Club has obtained a permit
and is arranging for a contest Between Dan
Creedon and Alex Greggalus.
Another club, supported by the Pacific, is
trying 10 make a match between Van Buskirk
and Jeffries. Van Buskirk has signified his
desire to meet the Los Angeies Kiaut and the
latter is more than willing.
The Olympic Club has obtained a permit,
but as vet has no matches in view. A com
mittee will represent the Olympic Club at the
ringside when Corbett aud Fitz^immons meet
and will there make selections ior iti pro
fessional tournament in April.
Native Sons of Vermont.
An entertainment will be given next Friday
evening by the Pacific Coast Association of the
Native tions of Vermont Id Odd Fellows' Hall.
'J he programme is ixcellent, including a far
cical comedy, "The Arabian Nights," by the
Columbian Stock Company.
Heine Jlecilal
The third recital will be given next Satur
day Rfternoon, in Golden Gate Hall, by Miss
Florence Heine, violin, Miss Main L. Heine
piano, and Louis H< me violoncello.
ADVAXCKB made on tnrnlture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
NEW TO-DAT.
"MARCH aint never nothin 1 new. APRIL'S altogether too brash
f er me; an' as fer MAY, I • bominate its promises."
i> *~*^xL^~**cla*. KHJiiWIJjVJ s* "- ■ men Th Peevish* fretful : condi- won its way at once into the good •; prescribed by reputable members purifier and spring medicine."— T.
1 V I^^^^^^^^^ ft ori t so often accompanying lassi- opinion of the public by demonstra- -of the medical fraternity to the B. N. Cocks, Prospect, Va.
_* i3^^^m^^^^^g^^fe|p tude-and languor, are other symp- tion of its value in sickness and exclusion of other secret prepar "Members of our family have been
«#liiPii§«s^ toms of the same need. Go through disease. It still continues to hold ations. g^ly benefited by your sarsapa-
__ f >t^Sj^rp i g^r — wm — the spring in this condition, and the esteem of the world at large. But Ayer*i Sarsaparilla is the remedy rilla. As a spring .medicine Ido
you discount your strength in sum- success brings imitations. Others \ with a record. : Others imitate no^ think it can be excelled."— J. C \
There's nothing new to be said m er and your joy in autumn. Take have manufactured sarsaparillas the remedy; they can't imitate Roberts, Utica, N. Y. '
about the seasons. The quotation Ayer's Sarsaparilla and purify your whose highest boast is to .be as the record :00 years of cures. 4 , T . •.. * . * R ...
from Kiley's verse about sums up blood and work is a pleasure, "good good as Ayer's. 80 that from time What toe say as to the merits of x nay n^ Ayers barsapaniia •
the variableness of the three months digestion waits on appetite and to time these facts have to be re- Ayer's Sarsaparilla would be noth- M a rem tor tne various diseases 0 ..
that include the spring: March, the health on both." Sound sleep re- stated:- . ing but words, if the statements common to the spring time, and also •
same old blustering roysterer, foro- war ds sturdy labor, and life is Ayer's Sarsaparilla is the original made were not based upon cures atonic iortne system. 1 ana it O '
ing the dust down your throat; transformed from a treadmill round sarsaparilla. It has had fifty testified to by those relieved of *°d« very emcacious, anatmnk taat 1
fretful April, that baita you with ao f dreary duties Into a ceaseless years of trial and triumph. suffering, and released from the Jurftieß of the* 3 Wood should £v
sunbeam, to wet you with a shower ;  . _ M _~ : — — ■ .. ; ,/,,,";. ... " , . . -— — A Sarsaparilla .»_ a E . jj i >
May, playing the coquette, hover- .. , v t tc- tt
ing betwixt flowers and frost ; they * fjHr ' • mTH ' -"a 3llll^ V 11.
arp air and always the same T^Sa T ° *** th * bPSt results from the
There's nothing new, either, in the Sfpli US ° ° f sarsa arilla ? on must
way of spring sensations. There's gg (||| • C\(*t A i/*»t»'e
tho general breaking out of men, ftfEgia • • /VyCl 5.
women, and children, that is as .JSiiSL • - ' A little sarsaparilla flavor a little
much a sign of the season as the jpj|f|ggh. ttnrf^'Um, smell of sarsaparilla, and a sarsa-
budding branches of the trees. j^>' wSutflMfWj!!(P&& parilla label on th bottle, don't
Pnpfc Rt*o<if/' Oiit ' ■■ujpi.iLLJuj. u IsPI JtitMlilmffl&S^*''-* - make sarsaparilla that cures,
Koexs DredK UUI Wmm y |Ba ...'..' mlsNßtig&B['* *\ though it does make sarsaparilla
in song. Beauty breaks out In easter iilffeiw • Im>^-» J^>(Jesj!jt&F *^& "* 1 Ni« that se^ s nose vrho know no
finery. Labor breaks out in—per- IHkP^ " '' iv*^l / Jsf^^t!nf%k <& ** \" ; s^9t* better. Ayer's Sarsaparilla is the
spiration. And the children break . IJljaj^B • fijr^'4 * (JM W•* i«« I f" l^&^^f^ sarsaparilla that cures. One bottle
out at knees and elbows, as they ' il"^S lfi!«l-~. — — *«• A ]/M ' x P* * > J~^szi£^&- **$ of Ayer's is estimated, by those who
1 renew acquaintance with the. "old fff , 'feJi"*" " i\ ¥^^/\ * ' tVSf fJo^** * % '"" have tried all kinds, to do the work
'[ brown earth" and the rough barked iiiljßj OS^B ItoSKs&'\^\ "^ ///" /fSpr* of rom three to six bottles of any
trees. HW^S (^^^L-tW I? JJbAj^ l^ other kind. It is the most eco-
I There aro other forms of breaking . fPfßvf S^Mll liiv** « * F %> fMsjj^ ' nomical sarsaparilla therefore, on
I out, also, which lead to the remark: iH^^ ■ W^^k I"' {^ >. \ •??-* s & ** l^r^ the market because it cures quicker
I" My blood must be out of order," fjjj| . >4J Iw'Sfl -~^\v>^3t*-Ls^-i^rn N f V • an d at les3 expense. The ordinary
I usually followed by the sage reflec- lllXf^l J ; I«S3 - =^^ r:=::::^'* <^:^^^^^^^^^*» sarsaparilla is like the old lady's
1) tion: "I must take Ayer's Sarsa- --jp^ JPj|^r» |ljßaf=^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ weak tea— it's tea all right, but you
1 | pariila, and get into condition Q*^ jf ijr .... \ l^^rfg:^^^--^^-^^^^ • . have to drink half a dozen cups to
I I again." "Wisdom is bom of experi- 4B,^^v|t -n *" . get the flavor of it. Other sarsapa-
II ence. Every one who has tried it :^K&lPitll!f*h I^Sr^ =r — rillas, may by courtesy, t>e called
1 » knows the cleansing effect on the sarsaparilla, but it takes too many
' system of a course of ■*sjß»2pp|iis^"""^  bottles to get any result. One of
1 ' . > C •nrf the reasons for the superiority in
I ; A er s barsaparilla Signs of Approaching Spring. strength and
Olt cleanses the flesh of eruptions — == — 7— ' — — 1 — — : — CliratlVC POWCr
O by purifying the blood. It tones holiday, in which work, in some of Ayer's Sarsaparilla, is the only sar- thraldom of disease. Hundreds of » * ,
■0 up the system, It puts back into! its forms, is the sport in which saparilla made exclusively from thousands of persons have testified of Ayer's Sarsaparilla, is the exclu-
II the body the vital force the winter I laurels and rewards aro to be the Honduran Sarsaparilla, spec- to the cures wrought by Ayer's Sar- sive use of the sarsaparilla imported
*| has taken away. It renovates and j won. Everybody knows the value ially imported by the J. C. Ayer saparilla, and these testimonials, from Honduras. The home-growing '
JJ rejuvenates the entire physioal of sarsaparilla as a blood purifier. Company because of its superior unsought and unsolicited, are com- varieties of the plant do not have
\ organism. Everybody ought to know that of medicinal properties and healing ing in every day in the year, and the strength or the medicinal proper-
-5 But there are other kinds of all preparations on the market, the power. have been for the past half century, ties of the foreign plant and Ayer's
a breaking out which Ayer's Sarsapa- most valuable, because the richest Ayer's Sarsaparilla is the only sar- Read what the people, who know Sarsaparilla is. the only preparation
A rilla cures. That mutinous out- in medicinal properties, is thatfput saparilla that received a medal by experience, say of Ayer's Sarsa- using the Honduran Sarsaparilla
5 break of an enervated system up by the J. C. Ayer Co., of Lowell, at the World's Fair, Chicago 1803. parilla, as a spring medicine: exclusively.
A against work, bo often experienced Mass. Ayer's Sarsaparilla" is the only sar- "I used Ayer's Sarsaparilla last The safe rule by which to buy
em the spring, is only the symptom Fifty years ago, it would not have saparilla compound whose ingre- spring with great benefit, and am sarsaparilla is this : Ask. for the
I>of an exhausted condition Which been necessary to say a word in dients are open to the knowledge using it again €h is spring. I rec- — and you'll get Ayer's. Ask
<> demands tonic and vitalizing treat- j praise of Ayer's Sarsaparilla. It of physicians— and is therefore j omniend it as. an excellent blood for Ayer's — and you'll get the best.
1 1 ' ' • - ___________^ — — —
j MARCH, APRIL, MAY, TAKE AVER'S SARSAPARILLA.
MAYOR PHELAN
MAKES PROTEST
Addresses an Open Letter to
the Board of Super
visors.
Opposes the Appointment of a
Deputy District At
torney.
He Says That Th re Will Be No Money
on Hard With Which to Pro
viie a Salary.
Mayor Phelan at the last regular meet
ing of the Board of bupervisors spoke in
opposition to the proposition made for an
assistant to District Attorney Barnes. He
stated some of his reasons for bis opposi
tion. He has now prepared a letter set
tin); forth bis views more fully, which is
as follows:
It 1b proposed to elect a Deputy District
Attorney at a 6aiary of $250 a month, and I
desire to communicate certain information
upon this subject for your guidance. First,
under act of March 2, 1891, the District Attor
ney has power to appoint three deputies, a
chief clerk and two assistant clerks, which
compose his statutory staff, and which I be
lieve to be sufficient lor the proper conduct of
his office. In August, 1895, ihe District Attor
ney asked the Board of Supervisors lor an as
sistant in ihe prosecution of criminal cases,
1 >•.■■. ii v- of the Imi mint trial, and W. 8. II inkle
was appointee. Since the" the board nas
passed seven resohuious extending the em
ployment of Mr. Hinkle, generally for three or
four months at a time. The last resolution
was adopted January 2, 1897, permitting him
to retain his position until February 1, 1897,
when his employment ceased.
The Board of Supervisors, in giving addi
tional assistance tn the District Attorney, is
supposed to be acting under the law of May 1,
1801, which confers power upon the Board of
Supervisors "to allow and order paid out of
t."- general funa not to exceed the sum of
$5000 in any one fiscal year for the employ
ment of special counsel." The object of this
act wms to euablo the Board of Supervisors to
employ special conusel in civil case* where
the interests of the City demanded such em
ployment, ana that has been the practice up
to the time of the request made by the District
Attorney, who asked that counsel be allowed
for th ■ prosecution of criminal cases.
For the fiscal year ending June next the
followiug sums have already been paid out
and contracted for, which you will see ex
hausts the appropriation of $5000:
Mr. Hlnkle, Assistant District Attorney,
seven months »t $250 f 1,7 M)
Garret McKiiTney. services for Auditor 1,700
Meredith & Sul.iviid, In Lafayette Hquare
case 750
Wiiiiurn Craig, McAlllster-strtet lot case.. . 350
Total »4,46u
Due William Crat? on contract 160
Due Meredith <fe Sullivan on successful
termination of case 750
Total $5,860
From this showing it will appear that there
is no money on hand, even if it were desirable
to pay an Assistant District Attorney for the
balance of the fiscal year.
Fell ihr<:u~h a S dpwalk.
T. J. Sullivan alleges in a complaint filed in
the Justices' Court that he was injured by
falling through a bad sidewalk owned by
Martha Stewart at 134 Seventh street, last De
cember. Hence he sues for $299. Sullivan
sidewalk into
alleges that he fell through the sidewalk into
a cellar.
» ♦ — ♦
LECTURES ON BUDDHISM.
Key. Mr. Dharmap ila, the Buddhist
Monk, Speaks to Large
Audiences.
Rev. H. Dbarmapala, the Buddnist
monk, delivered a lecture a Stiles Hall,
in Berkeley, at the invitation of the Uni
tarian congregation, Friday evening, his
subject being "The Reconciliation Be
tween Christianity and Buddhism." He
gave a brief and very lucid exposition of
Buddhism, showing the points of resem
blance between tbe two religious, particu
larly in the ethical teachings. He said lie
thought mat. many of the Buddhistic ten
ets were specially adapted for the Oriental
people and their nature, and that the true
worn of missionaries would be to try and
amalgamate Buddhism and Christianity
on the .basis of universal brotherhood.
The lecture was listened to with great at
tention by a large audience.
Last night Rev. Mr. Dharmapala lec
tured in San Jose for the Unitarians, and
to-night he will give his second lecture in
Native Sons' Hall at 8 o'clock, the subject
being "Buddhistic and Brahminical Tran
scendental Science."
Rev. Mr. Dharmapala is the guest of
Luman Wad ham ai 1909 Leavenworth
street.
• . — . — . — — #
CRIMINALS SENTENCED.
Judge l>n)iii<''i I>ock Was Crowded With
Culprits Yesterday,
Judge Frank H. Dunne held a well
attended levee in Department 11 of the
Superior Court yesterday. The dock was
filled wit's criminals and the courtroom
was crowded with the usual number of
sympathizers and spectators. It was noted
that tbere were thirteen in the prisoners'
dock, which, Clerk Martin ser.ously re
marked, was an* unlucky number. The
prisoners probably concurred.
Neal Nicholson was convicted of burg
lary in the first degree for raiding an un
dertaker's shop at night, and was sen
tenced to three years at bard labor in the
State Prison at Folsom. It was fortunate
for Nicholson that he chose a business
place instead of a private residence as the
scene of his depredations, as the courts
deal more sternly with criminals w:io in
vade the homes of citizens than with those
who enter empty nouses, where there is
little danger of murder resulting from the
attempt to plumler the premises.
Michael Enriidit, convicted of grand
larceny, was sentenced to San Quentin for
two years.
Patrick O'Mally was fined $100 for
hitting a policeman on the head with a
club.
Emmett Brennan, who was also found
guilty of grand larceny, had his sentence
postponed until the 13th inst.
Frank Carnivali is a fugitive from jus
tice. He is charged with assault to
murder.
Herman Conn, charged with stabbing
Petronia Quinores on the 17th of last
January, pleaded not guilty io the charge
of assault to murder and will be tried on
the 16th inst
Nine otner culDrita of ereater or lesser
degree also had their cases attended to,
dates of trial set and motion- for reduc
tions of bail and the like heard and deter
mined.
Judge Dunne's calendar is getting in a
better condition than it has been for a
long time. Trials are expedited as much
as possible, having due regard to the in
terests of the community and the rights
of the defendants.
The Labor Convention.
The California Labor Convention will not
hold its regular meeting until next Sunday,
March 14. Many supposed the convention
wouid he ueid 10-day, but when that b<dy «d
--jourued it was to the 14m instead oi the 7tu.
OFFICERS HAVE
BEEN ELECTED
Annual Meeting of the
Mechanics' Institute
Held.
Constitutional Amendments Re
lating to Special
Meetings.
Librarian's Report Shows the Insti
tute to Be in a Very Flour,
ishing Condition.
The annual meeting of the Mechanics'
Institute called out an unusually large
number of members last evening. In his
retiring aildresa President Ernst DenicKe
told of the progress of the organisation
during the past year, and predicted much
prosperity for the institute should the
members work in harmony and for the
best interests of the institution. He ad
vised against the sale of tbe Mechanics'
Pavilion for some time to come, and
recommended that the secretary be also
appointed as superintendent with general
supervision over the library.
It was announced that on Monday the
first number of the Mechanics' Library
Bulletin would be published. This peri
odical will appear monthly and will give
information as to the new books receive'!,
notices of meetings and other matters of
interest to the members. The report of
the librarian was submitted, showing that
941 members, including 7 life members,
joined the institute during the year.
Thnre are 73,645 volumes in the library.
The total expenditures in that department
were $(3242 51 for the year. During 304
days there were issued for home use 166
--971 volumes, being a daily average of 564.
Classen bare oeen well attended and the
lectures have been interesting.
An amendment to the constitution pro
viding Unit a majority of the board of
trustees or twenty-five members in good
standing may call special meetings on
three clays' notice having been given was
adopted.
An amendment substituting the Aus
tralian ballot toyntem for the one now in
use in tbe election of trustees was voted
down.
Ex-President Hallidie was elected to
honorary membership by a rising vote.
A complimentary vote was passed in
acknowledgment of services of James H.
Culver.
The judges of election then announced
•.'/'-■ SEW TO-DAT3 •'./■
Tea sold loose gets stale.
Schilling's Best is in ) air-
tight packages— money-
back tea at grocers'.
A Schilling; & Company . ;
San ranciac* M
that the following had been elected trus
tees for the following year. 968 votes hay
ing been cast: Ernst A. Denicke, Ferdi
nand Formhals, Rodney Kendrick, John
McLaren, Robert W. Neal, Charles M.
Plum Jr., Horace Wilson.
A committee consisting of James H.
Barry, 8. J. Hendy and J. Saulman was
appointed to install the trnstees-elect, Mr.
Barry performing the office in a neat
speech.
After the members' meeting the new
board of trustees met and elected the fol
lowing officers for the year:
President, E. A. Denicke; vice-presi
dent, Rodney Kendrick; recording secre
tary, E. P. Heald; corresponding secre
tary, P. J. Healy.
MBS. HOPFMAN IN TOWN.
The Noted Orator of the W. V. T. U. on
' a Visit of a Month.
Among the arrivals here yesterday was
HEW TO-DAY— GOODS.
slißTlß^^iimli^TMTlME!
GREATER AND GREATER THE BARGAINS!
We move to our new. store on the Ist day of April, and before
that time all the stock in our present store must be forced out
regardless of cost. It is our policy to move no goods we can
sell at any price. The latest and most desirable importations
will be sacrificed with the rest of the stock.
PRICES TO DRAW YOU TO US.
$7 60 Quality 27-inch All-silk Ecru Pon- Sprine Shades 40-inch All-wool French
gee at $3 75 a full piece of 15 yards. Beiges, excellent value for 50c, at 250
50c Quality Japanese Silks, in all the a ****', M „,. .
evening shades, at 2oc a yard. inch Striped Cheviots at 25c a yard.
.. oe « .i «ii ii. t>. i- i. jo- 44-inch Scotch Cheviots, new spring
$1 25 Quality All-silk Black Peau de Soie Bnades ; sOc a yard, worth $1
at 75c a yard. % ■>, -.y,-. inch English Redfern Suitings, 50c a
$125 Quality All • Bilk Black Satin yard, worth $1 25.
Duchesse at 75c a yard. New Organdies, 33 inches wide, elegant
$1 25 Quality All-silk Black Brocades at design*, at 10c a yard. L
75c a yard. New aod Handsome Dimities at 5c a yard.
Changeable Figured Gloria Silk at 30c a Lace Curtains, $1 a pair.
y ard - Linen Crash, 5c a yard. .
New and Elegant Line of Wash Silks in Ladies' and Gents' Linen Handkerchiefs,
. checked effects at 25c a yard. . 5c each.
Remember that as our time grows shorter, so does yours to take ad-
vantage of the greatest sale of the age— THE
GREAT SACRIFICE REMOVAL SALE
•. '■—. —OP—
J. SAMUELS,
104, IO6\IOB Kearny St
J^jllijfc VIRCHOW eStRIC BELT !
-t/SM^i/m V »^y»7<" J^SiaA^^. • Knowledge of its superiority is shown
lWT\\^7J^tYv 3^ Vfw^ b >' our Principle, "Mo., y bark if it don't
1 i ■ HI/ v^BK accomplish oil that is claimed for it." It |
r 'wBm£k^Hl.tf/ / . ' \^vW^'^^fT- needs no fancy price to supsesi its worth
/. -^lhML^^ J I7?J Ssk yLUtffijjM^-.- as a . h-u'iver. Electric belts, as a
£ v^^Hßa^fe^&Ep7»i#j>MK^'^g^s^ sovereign power to heal the sick and
make men and women strong, are too well
l» J aH^yS^aSxffiP^^E**^ \ Vok^^ f known to require argument. Less mcdi-
. - »pjVkV'-'.' ciries, ; and consequen;!y. less siclcness,
'^^^Itv*-' I Tri ;. would invade the homes did the people
••?-^*\!^>ir" but know the wonderful cures effected b*v the use of our
■^pZ^-jrS-z. belt. We are pleased to refer you to many people in tnia
a-^4*-I-^7r section who will willingly testify to the genuine merits i
• 1 . of our patents., If you cannot call communicate :by let-
.^jiw* ter. In either case prompt attention will be given.
VrV THE VIRCHOW CO., 100 Street, S. : E.
Mrs. Clara Hoffman of Missouri, the noted
orator of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union. Mrs. Hoffman has long
been one of the foremost advocates of
temperance in America. She has been
president of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union of Missouri for fifteen
years and is now secretary of the National
organization.
The lady has been visiting Sacramento
and looking over the field with a view of
seeing what can be done in the way of
temperance. Wiiat she saw at Sacra
mento among the law-makers did not im
press her with the greatness of their pur«
poses^ regarding abstention from intoxi
cants. Mrs. Peat was with Mrs. Hoffman
at the capital.
Mrs. Hoffman will be in California
I about one month and will deliver several
| lectures. The first will be on Friday even
ing, March 12, at the First Congregational
Church.
78
IN THE SOLEMN
LENTEN SEASON
Many Churches Will Hold
Special Services Until
Easter.
New Westminster Presbyterian
Edifice to Have a Memorial
Window.
Rev. Haskett Smith Will, by Request,
Repeat Smo of H s Interest
ing Lectures.
Lent is with us once more, the solemn
Reason of denial and fasting, and all the
Catholic ana Episcopal churches in the
City are observing it with the usual spe
cial services during the week.
Westminster Presbyterian Church is to
have a memorial window erected to the
memory of Monroe Greenwood by his
family. It is a triple window, divided into
fifteen large and six small sections. The
style is composite, while the coloring har
monizes with the interior decorations of
the church. Opalescent, Venetian and
crystal. zed cathedral classes are the partic
ular varieties being used. The design is
by Harry R. Hopp?, the artist of the Cali
fornia Glass Works, the concern which is
also furnishing the art glass for the other
■windows. 9RV
By special request of many of our citi
zens, Mr. Haskett Smith, the noted Ori- !
ental traveler aud entertainer, will repeat
his lecture on "Armenia and the Turks"
atj the Association Auditorium, Mason
and Ellis streets, Monday evening.March
15. Many excellent views will ba shown
of Constantinople and its buildings; aL'O
the Sultan's palace.
Over the little chapel of the Church of
the Holy Spirit on Jackson street, near
Buchanan, is written, "Come in and rest
and pray." And in response to this invi
tation many have enjoyed the comfort of
me simple restful gospel services, as con
ducted by the pastor, Rev. Oliver C. Mil
ler. pHm§
In addition to the regular 11 o'clock ser
vice the pastor has announced tho follow
ing programme of 4 o'clock Sunday after
noon services:
March 7(first Lord's day in Lent) ,at 4 P. M.—
Subject: "The Baptism of Jesus— The opened i
heavens, the descending dove and voice from ;
heaven. March 14. at 4p. si.— "The Tenipta- j
lion of Jesus— The toe.the light and the flight." |
March 21, at 4 P. M.— "The lilessine-s of Temp- \
tation." March 'JB, at 4 P. M.— "Serving for !
Loaves and Fishes." April 4, at 4 p. U. — "Trie '
One Sinless Sou of Man.' 1 April 11, at 4p.M. i
(Palm Suuday)— "ChrisL's Final Entrance lino
Jerusalem — King and the Victim." Pas
sion week service — Each evening at 8 o'clock,
April 12 to the 16th, inclusive; also a morn- j
i ii!.- service on Good Friday, at 10:30 o'clock. j
April 18— Easier services at 11 a. m..4p. m.,
and children's Easter festival at 7:30 p. m.
It is designed to continue the afternoon J
service through the spring and summer as
a twilight service.
Rev. Mr. Boynton of the First Baptist
Church will preach to-day on "The Soul's I
Inaueural." 1
Mrs. Clara Hoffman, National treas
urer of the Women's Christian Temperance !
Union, one of their best speakers, will i
address a meeting at the First Congrega- i
tional Church, Post and Mason streets, j
next Friday evening.
Rev. M. C. Harris, the superintendent !
of the Japanese Mission, will sail for
Honolulu next Thursday.
Bishop Newman will deliver an address
at the convention of the Epworth League
in Toronto next week.
Rev. Henry Variey will return to this
City and conduct a season ol revival meet- i
ings. The church in which they will bo
held is not yet decided upon.
California Christian Endeavorers have
been invited to send delegates to the Ore
gon convention to be held on May 13 at
Eugene.
Rev. Dr. Gardner of the "West Side Chris- j
tian church will address the Baptist mm- j
isters in their meeting at Oakland to-mor
row on "The Christian Cnurches of the
Coast."
The regular monthly meeting of the ex
ecutive conunit.ee of the Epwnrth League
Alliance will bi held at the Y. M. C. A.
New Memorial Window to Monroe Greenwood to Be Placed in
Westminster Presbyterian Church.
building Thursday evening, March 11. A
new constitution, Dr. Berry's visit, the
gospel wagon and other important mat
ters are to bs considered.
This atternoon at 3 o'clock Rev. Haskett
! Smith of London will deliver an address
j ai the Young Men's Christian Association,
j Mason and Ellis streets, on "Jerusalem
j and the Tomb of tho Savior." The ser
vice will be free to both ladies and gent le
m»n.
Rev. Dr. Case will lecture under the au
spices of the Boys' Brigade at Howard
M. E, Church on Friday evening, March
19.
The C. L. S. C. programme of the
Central Methodist Episcopal Church for
i Tuesday evening, March 8, 1897, is as fol
| lows: Scripture reading, Miss Irene Allen ;
1 roll-call (five, some character in Greek hi -
tory, and why famous); a talk, "Grepk
! Civilization," chap. V. to pat:e 14!» (10
minute*), J. R. EUier; "Some of the Emi
nent Women of Ancient Greece," a paper.
Miss Florence Schroth (8 mnutes); a talk
on "Astronomy," to include a qu^z, chap.
j XV, 8. G. Naylor (10 minutes), each
i subject ioilowed by discussion; critic's
j report.
A representation of Hebrew ladies held
a meeting in Mission Opera-hall, Mission
street, between Seventeenth and Eight
eenth, on Sunday iast and organized "The
Mis-ion Hebrew School Conference,"
wnose aim is to further the interests of the
Sabbath and Sunday School in the Mis
sion. The following board of oflicers was
elected: President. Mrs. L. Myer; vice
president, Mrs. B. Phillips; secretary,
Rober;. Lippman; treasurer, Mrs. G.
Jaeger; instructress. Miss Stella Werner.
Meetings will be held weefclv.
An hveresting lecture on ''Ireland and
i Iler Wrongs" will be given by Rev. Father
! McFadden of Gweedoro :it Metropolitan
I Temple next Wednesday evening. Tickets,
50 cents each, may be obtained at the box
office on the 9th and lOih inst.
Very Rev. J. J. Preiuierfjast, V. G.. will
; deiiver the sermon at tit. Mary's Cathedral
I at the last mass on Sunday morning and
Rev. Ciiarles A. Ramm in the evening.
At St. Ignatius Church there will be a
' series of lectures, one to be delivered each
I Sunday evening in Lent. The ortfer and
subjects of the lectures are as foliows:
To-day. "Christ Established a Church for
All Men"; March 14, "The Church of
Christ Is, as Regards Its Doctrines, Speciti
i callv and Individually One"; March 21,
I "The Church Is One in Government";
; March 28, "Infallibility Is a Logical Neces
j siiy in Christ's Church"; April 4, "The
I Infallibility of Christ's Church is a Re
i vealed Fact"; April 11, "There is No Sal
! vation Outside of Christ's Church." Tne
j first lecture will be delivered by Rev.
| Hugh Gallagher, S. J., of San Jose. The
j other lectures wiil be announced later.
! To-day at 10:30 a. m. Rev. Joseph Hickey
1 will preach the sermon. During Lent an
extra mass will be celebrated at 9 A. M.
i daily. Rev. H. Woods, S. J., will give a
' course of sermons Wednesday evenings
! during Lent.
LENTEN SERVICES.
Calvarian Society Will Conduct
Them at the Cathedral
To-Dav.
His Grace Most Rev. P. VV. Kiordan will
deiiver a discourse this afternoon at St.
Mary ' 3 Cathedral. His text will be:
I "Father, lorgive them, for they know not
; what they do."— Luke xxiii:34.
The occasion will be the first of the
series of Sunday afternoon Lenten services
to be held under the auspices of the Cal
varian Society. There will also be the
"Stations of the Cross" and benediction
of the Biessert Sacrament, commencing at
3 o'clock. Catholic people generally as
well ns members of the society attend
these services.
The texts for these sermons are known
as the "Seven wordi of Jesus on the
Cross." The text of the Rev. Archuisbop
is the "first word." The second is: "And
Jesus said to him amen, I say to thee
this day them Shalt be v.ith me in Para
dise."— St. Luke, xxiii :42-43. Rev. F. T.
Mulligan — The third: "When Jesus, there
lore, had seen his mother and the disciple
standing, whom he loved, he said to
his mother, 'Woman, behold thy son!'
Alter that he saith to the disciple,
'Betiold thy mother!' And from that
hour the disciple took her to his own."
— St. John, X!i:2'J-27. Vicar-General. Rev.
J. J. I'rendergast — The fourth : "And about
the ninth hour Jesus cried out with a loud
voice, saying: 'Eli, Eli, lamma sabac
thani,' that is "My God. my God, why hast
thou forsaken me?"— St. Matthew
xxxii:46.— Key. J. F. Byrne. Trie fifth—
"Afterward Jesus, knowing all things were
now accomplished, that the Scripture
might be fulfilled, said: "I thirst.' "—St.
John xix:2B. — Rev. J. B. Hannigan. The
sixth and seventh — "Jesu«, therefore,
when he had taken the vinegar, said : 'It
is consummated.'" St. John xix:3o.
"And Jesus, crying with a loud voice, said :
'Father, into thy hands I commend my
=pint." St. Luke xxiv:46.— Rer. P. J.
Keane.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
THIS MAN MADE
REVIVALS A STUDY
And Will Become a Pro
fessor at Stanford
University.
Edwin Diller Starbuck Called
to Palo Alto by Dr.
Jordan.
Will Tak? the Place of Professor
Barnes, Who Is Going; 10
Europe.
Edwin Diller Starbnck of Clark Univer
sity, the nian to whom Professor Jordan
refe-red in his recent remarks upon the
subject of religious revivals, is to be a
professor at Palo Alto.
He is an authority on the effects of re
vivals. It was partly through a perusal
of his treatise entitled "A Study of
Conversion," that the attention of the
president of Stanford University was at-
EDWIN DILLER STARBUCK, an Authority on Religious Revivals
Whom Dr. Jordan Has Called to a Chair at Stanford.
tracted to him. He is a young man, at
present a fellow in philosophy, but
his call to Stanford University ii in
line with the course generally pursued by
Dr. Jordan. He keeps his eye upon the
work and development of young educa
tors throughout the country and when he
believes that he has found an original
thinker who gives promise of adding
something of value to the world's stock
of knowledge he tries to secure him for
the faculty at Palo Alto. It was in this
way that he chose Dr. Rosa and Professor
Powers and several others.
Starbuck will take the place temporarily
of Professor Enrl Barnes, head of the de
partment of education, and will probably
offer in addition to other v/ork a course in
some phase of religion. He will begin his
duties at Palo Alto next September at tne
opening of the new college yenr.
Professor Barnes r.nd his wife, professor
Mary Sheidon Barnes of ihe department
of history, will start for iiuroue late in
May or at the close of the present college
year on a leave of absence of fifteen
months, during which time they purpose
to make a special study of the l«test edu
cational and historical methods in vogue
both in England ana on the Continent.
Their headquarters will be in London,
where Mrs. Barnes hopes to do much his
torical work in the British Museum and
in old libraries. Their trip, while osten
sibly for recreation, will amount prac
tically to a careful and studious investiga
tion of new ideas to be introduced into
their work at Stanford.
btarbucii's ideas on religious revivals are
briefly indicated in tne following extracts
from his study of conversions:
It Is significant that of the whole number of
caseß studied, only two or three of those who
had been through revival experiences spoke
iv unqualified terms of the approval of the
usual methods employed. There were a few
of the number who condemned tnem severely.
! here was a general depreciation of the emo
tional pressure usually exerted, and this com
ing from the converts themselves should be of
value.
We have'seen that the average age of revival
conversions is considerably less than the non
revival, which shows that they have been hur
ried. There is every evidence that many of
them have been hastened unduly. Many were
left out ol the study because tiiey had clearly
been forced in to compliance with what they
were not ready intelligently to accept. They
were pulled green and withered.
It was especially true in the case of sensitive
eirls who were carried away by ttie excite
ment and afterward awakened to the fact that
it was not a true experience. It is like pulling
away the folds of a growing bud to disturb un
duly the tender unfolding of religious na
ture. The greatest difficulty seems to be that
the hardened natures who need the help of
violent methods for restoration are the lust to
respond, and meanwhile much harm is done
to those who are receptive and responsive to
finer influences.
Unless the person is ready for a change,
the results of hastening conversion are apt to
be temporary and soon followed by relapse.
We huve seen that "backsliding" much more
often occurs after revival experiences than
after others. The question is, How can we
preserve the essential things in revivals, and
at the same time escape their evil effects ?
How can the uninterested be led to identify
themselves with righteousness and the way
ward be reclaimed without harm to those who
least need the influence of revival tactics?
People snould be dealt with as individuals as
far as possible, instead of in masses. The
higher motives should be appealed to more
and the lower ones less.
Conversion means unselfinx, the entrance
into a new life of insight and love, ana the
wise teacher will naturally hold up those in
centives which are in direct line with the new
life.
Conversion 1* not a matter for the churches
alone. It is under certain conditions a vital,
normal step in individual growth. We shall
learn not only to anticipate, but to brlngabout
such conditions as will foster an awakening of
the whoio being to larger insight.
Army 1 x;im in in a Board.
An examining board of army officers, con
sisting of Captain Alexander Rodgers of the
Fourth Cavalry aud Lieutenants B. 11. Randolph
and Elmer W. Hubbard of Third Artillery, as
menial examiners and Surgeon Captains Guy
Edie and E. B. Frick as physical examiners,
met at the Presidio on Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday of last week to examine the newly
appointed West Point cadets from this State.
The candidates were C. A. Bryant Jr. of Sacra
mento, appointed by ex-Cougrestman John
son; W lliam D. Flinn of this City, appointed
by Judge James G. Maguircr. and I'aul Dins
more of San Jose, appoinied by E. F. Loud.
WILL FIGHT THE CASE.
F. F. Piorson Brought From Jackson,
Amador County, to Answer a
Charge of .Embezzlement.
Detective Siivey returned from Jackson,
Amador County, last evening with F. F.
Pierson, who is wanted here on a charge
of felony embezzlement preferred by the
Crane Company, plumbers' supplies, 23
First street. Pierson has retained Attor
ney Gesford to defend him.
The Crane Company refused to give any
information in regard to the case, but
I'ierson was not sj reticent. He said he
was a traveling salesman for the
company, but left their service on Jan
uary 2a There was a difference of $200 in
his accounts against him and he promised
to settle the amount as soon as possible.
He obtained a situation in Jackson, but
as his salary was not large he had only
been able to pay up $60. H. T. Lally, the
manatrer of the company, had been dun
ning him with lettera threatening to ar
rest him unless he settled promptly in
full and would not accept his explanations
that he was doing the best he could.
Pierson ia a grandnephew of ex-Btate
Senator W. M. Piersou of Pierson &
Mitchell, the well-known attorneys, and
was ashnmed to ask him or any of his
other friends to help him.
Fell Off the Gangplank.
Frank Hecks, steward of the ship Centen
nial, lying at Howard-street wharf, was carry-
Ing a load along the gangplank yesterday
morning, when he slipped and fell to the
wharf. He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital. One of his ribs was fractured, and he
was suffering from internal injuries.
THE JUNIOR ORDER'S WORK
What Was Done at the State
Council Session at Sac
ramento.
The Officers E ected lor the Ensuing
Term— Dividing the State into
Three Districts.
At the annual session of the State Coun
cil of the JuniorOrderof United American
Mechanics, which recently closed at Sac
ramento, the following State officers were
elected for the ensuing year: State Coun
cilor, Henry C. Schaertzer of Council No.
35 (re-elected); State vice-councilor, M. H.
Bellinger of Council No. 20; State secre
tary, George E. Terry of Council No. 35
(re-elected); State Council treasurer, C. N.
Wilson of Council No. 5 (re-elected); State
Council conductor, P. Salisbury of Council
No. 28; State Council warden, R. A. Gier
of Council No. 21; State Council chaplain,
William N. Vandemartc of Council No. 22;
State Council inside sentinel, R. E. Gil
bert of Council No. 3; State Council out
side sentinel, E. Katzenstein oi Council
No. 27: National representative, unexpired
term. D. B. Uowley of Council No. 6: Na
tional representative, R. F. Burns of
Council No. 2a
It was decided that the next meeting of
the State Council shall be held in Bauta
Barbara on the 15th of March, 1898.
The per capita tax was fixed aifl, and
it was decided that no such tax should be
levied on the honorary members of the
order.
During the session there was a great
deal of legislation that was of a character
that while It is of importance to the mem
bers of the order is not of a general
public interest, referring principally to
matters of secret work.
Charters were granted to several coun
cils that were instituted after the adjourn
ment of the previous State Council.
The several recommendations of the
State councilor were all adopted as pre
sented, with two exceptions, and these
were adopted with a slight modification.
In view of the increased labors of the
State Council secretary it was decided to
increase his salary, and during the propo
sition to do this that official was paid a
high compliment for the excellence of his
work aud close attention to the duties of
the office and bis interest in the work of
the order.
The State was divided into three dis
tricts for two purposes, one for the pur
pose of holding the State Council Conven
tion in the districts alternately and the
other for the purpose of having tnree or
ganizers to attend to the advancement of
the order.
The reports of the State Council treas
urer and State Council secretary were ap
proved and these officials were commend
ed for the correctness of their accounts
and work.
A special committee of three was ap
pointed to revise the constitution and by
laws of the State Council and the consti
tutions of the. subordinate councils.
During the session D. B. Bowley, on be
half of the entire order on this coast in
cluding the Daughters of Liberty, pre
sented to State Councilor .Schaertzer a
handsome gold watch, appropriately in
scribed.
California Commandery, U. A- M., the
uniformed branch of the order, held a
meeting on Friday night, which was ad
dressed by Stale Councilor Schaertzer,
State Vice-Councilor Bellinger and State
Inside Sentinel Gilbert. It is proposed to
advance this branch of the order and to
increase ita numerical strength.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or w iiboui removal. J. Koonan. 1017-10 23 Mission.
JOHN M. OAKLEY
DIED OF DRINK
Dr. Morgan Made a Chem
ical Analysis of His
Stomach.
No Poisons Beyond Those of the
Embalming Fluids Were
Found.
JnstlC9 Barry Says the Palace Hotel.
Need Not Deliver Hs Effects
to the Coroner.
From the investigations of Dr. Morgan,
the chemist of the Coroner's office, it ap
pears that the death of John M. Oakley,
the Pittsbure millionaire, waa caused by
an overindulgence in alcoholic stimu
lants and not by any poison that might
have been administered by himself or
others.
Dr. Morgan made a careful analysis of
the stomach and contents and found no
poisons beyond small quantities of zinc,
arsenic and carbolic acid, that were con
veyed there during the process of em
balming.
The stomach bore evidences of having
been much abused, and death undoubtedly
came from the exhaustion of the vital
forces through dissipation and lack of the
proper nourishment.
The Coroner has decided to hold the in
quest on Oakley's case on Tuesday, and
will sift the matter thoroughly at that
time.
The manager, clerks and other em
ployes of the Palace Hotel will be called
upon to eive their testimony. The jury
will be composed of the following: U A.
Smitn, Arthur Balkman, Thomas McCord,
J. Rittler, James Shute. \V. O'Connor,
Alex Schmulian, G. \V. Newman and A.
.Nordman.
Yesterday the issue concerning the cus
tody of Oaicley's trunk, valise and other
property, which was Jeft at the Palace
Hotel, came finally up foi decision in the
Justices' Court before Justice Barry. The
result was that the search warrant was
dismissed by the justice who found that
it was defective. He ordered that the
trunk and valise and contents, which
have been in the property-room of the
Police Department at the new City Hall,.
NEW TO-DAT.
A TRUE SPECIALIST.
The record of DOCTOR COOK is sim-
ply a series of professional triumphs.
Equipped with everything essential to the
most modern methods of practice, he has
accomplished greater good, relieved more
suffering, gladdened more hearts, and made
happy more homes within the past few
months thau other physicians have been
able to do in years. He makes no pre-
tensions to perform impossibilities, but
some of his cures do seem but little less
than miraculous. Many of his most bril-
liant triumphs are in chronic, long-linger-
ing diseases, which other physicians have
pronounced hopeless. Prompt and perfect
cures he guarantees.
MPTI Y p an u K. ml . ddle - aged and old, < 117 > AnioTl Always receive from Doctor
ATI tJ 11, who have violated the laws of W 0111611 Cook polite attention as
nature: you are now reaping the re-ult of well as positive cures, for the faliine or
your folly. Many of you have evil displacement of the womb painful ir-
dreams, exhausting drains, inipotency, regular, scanty or profuse menses Deri-
weak back, pimples, nervousness, sleep- odical headaches, leucorrhea nervous-
lessness, bashfulness, despondency, stu- ness, hysteria and other distressine
pidity, loss of ambition or similar ailments peculiar to their sex If such
symptoms. In brief, your body, brain diseases were indeed incurable life would
and sexnal organs have become weak. hardly be worth its possessions to a laree
Doctor Cook can restore to you what you portion of American women Dnrtnr
have lost-YOUR PRECIOUS MAN- Cook builds up their broke" down e£n
HOOD. He can fit you for pleasure, stitutions and assures to them their
study, business or marriage. natural health, strength and beauty.
Private DIs l orde " of cv "y name KldlieV Ailments, like diabetes or
A li»OlC and naturei su has gon- -U-lUUC^ Brighfs disease, inflanima-
norrhea, gleet, stricture, syptnhs, vanco- tion or con K estion of the kidneys which
cele hydrocele, atrophy or wasting away are often accompanied by weak aching
of the organs-there can be no Comoro- back, sediment in urine and sometimes
mise with such diseases. Either you with partial or complete impotency ; dis-
controlthem or they control you. The eases of the heart lunes liver and
proper control is cure, and the way to get stomach; diseases of the eve ear nose
cured is to go to an expert like Doctor and throat; diseases of the 'blood and
Cook, who has had more experience and skin; also piles, fistula, rheumatism, rup-
greater success in the treatment of sexual ture and chronic catarrh, permanently
diseases than any other specialist on the cured by the latest and best methods
American continent. known to medical science.
TREATMENT BY MAIL.
Always satisfactory; therefore, write if
you cannot call. FREE BOOK on Nervous
and Sexual Diseases to all describing their
troubles. Office hours— 9 to 12 A. M. and
2to 5 and 7 to 8 P. M. ; Sundays from 10 to
12 A. M. only. Address
33 OOT O H 000 DHL,
865 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
(Opposite Baldwin Hotel).
should be returned to the custody of the
manager of the Palace Hotel. Before the
attorneys and othiTS left the room an
agreement was entered into whereby the
property will be open to inspection by the
Coroner at the time of the inquest. Coro
ner Hawkins was dissatisfied with the
decision, which ne says leaves the Coro
ner perfectly helpless. He says that he
will take the case up to the Superior
Court. ____^_______
END OF TUG OF WAR.
Teams That Won Have Contested Pulls
at the Pavilion.
The international tuz of war was
brought to a conclusion last night and the
largest crowd represented dunn« the con
tests witnessed the finishing struggles be
tween the s:rong men of all nations. The
Danes and Italians were first on deck, and
after a short and spirited contest the
Danes defeated the sons of sunny Italy in
5 mm. 6 sec.
The Canadians met the Irish team and
swept them off the cleats in forty-sn
seconds.
<A very good pull was witnessed when
the French and GHrtnans faced each
other. Tne old grudge of '70 manifested
itself and the pull wus for blood.
Finally there was a hill, wnen the Ger-
I maii3 by one mighty effort got their op-
I ponema tangled on the cleats, and the in
dicator traveled over to Germany. The
pistol cracked and the pull was ended.
Time, 20 minutes 13 seconds.
Tne White House team of boys beat the
O'Connor & Moffatt team in 3 minutes
and 10 seconds.
The Norwegians "didn't do a thine" to
the Scotchmen. The instant the pistol
sounded for the start the Norwegian team
yanked their opponents off the cleats and
won the contest in 1 minute and 21 sec
onds.
The Swedish and United States teams
finished up the tournament. The betting
was 5t02 in favor of Sweden. The Amer
icans were first to gain cleats, and by
strong ana harJ pulling they got the in
dicator over to their side, but the Swedes
won it hack again ana captured the con
test in 6 minutes and 58 seconds.
The winners are: United States, Sweden
and Canada, tied for first; Denmark
fourth, Ireland fifth, Norway sixth, Scot
land seventh, Germany eighth and Italy
and France tied for ninth and tenth, and
they will pull off on Tuesday uight.
Tne following is the standing of the
teams up to last evening:
I'niieil States, won six pulls; Canada,
won six pu'is; Sweden, won six pulls;
Danes, won four pulls; Scots, won three
pulls; Irian, won three pulls; Italy, won
one pull; Norway, won two pulls; Ger
many, won two pulls; France, won one
pull.
SL'MMABT OF PULLS.
Denmark beat Italy 6:06
Canada beat Ireland 0:46
Germany beat France 20:13
Norway beat Scotland I*Bl
Sweden beat United States 6 68
On Tuesday evening the United States,
Canadian and Swedish teams will putl off
for first, second ana third prizes, and Italy
and France will also pull off lor place.
Admission will be 25 cents.
KEW TO-DAY.
The Inauguration
•••.••• • • • • • *
Buchanan Garfield
Lincoln Arthur
Johnson Cleveland
Grant Harrison
Hayes Cleveland
ricKINLEY
WITH THE INCOMING AD-
MINISTRATION, ELEVEN
PRESIDENTIAL TERMS
WILL HAVE WITNESSED
THE WORLD-WIDE
SUPREMACY OF
,-.-&'. ■ .
MpP*^A ¥ ™ 3*-Q ** A & *^# MMI sK^i?
THE LEADING DENTIFRICE OF
AMERICA AND THE ONLY ONE
OF INTERNATIONAL REPUTA-
TION.— A sample by mail for three \
cents. Address, P. O. Box 247, New \
York City. \
HALL & RUCKEL
New York Proprietors London
riarch 4
■■■■■ »»»"■■ -»
home testimonials of many
JjireMHHßMflM^^^ places-Women's Breasts
-^ Sin Francisco.
Send to Someone with Cancer
*AT AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY MAKCH 9. 1897.
. At 13 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
51320 Far Annum.
8. side (Nos. 1435, 1437, 1439 and 1441) of
McAllister st., 87 :t5 feet K. of Scott— Handsome
bav-wlDdov buildings of 4 French flats, with moi-
ern improvements: in line condition; with base-
ment; cement walk; t>treet in bltutn'.uous pave-
ment; McAUister-st- and other cables : examine
this for un Investment: lot 50x100 feet.
Pacific Heights.
8. line tXos. 2217 and 3231.1 of Jackson st.
130:6 feet W. of Buchanan— Two cottages now on
the property; elegßnt location for a flue residence;
cement stone walk; street In bltumlnoos rock; 4
car lines: examine this for a cholcd residence;
double lot, 60:6x100x127 feet.
Presidio Height*.
BW. cor. Sacramento and Walnut sts.— Bay-
windowed building; '1 French flits of 7 and 5
rooms; store and 4 rooms; full rents, $60: cement
walk and bituminous pavement on Kacramen
St.; Sacramento-st. cable: corner lot, 23i100 feet.
Seventh-Street Property.
BW. line (NO3. 444 and 446) of Seventh st, ttW.
of Bryant— Front building, -I French Has; rear
building, 1 tenement:, full rents, $32; cement
walk: street basalt rock; liryaa:-s:. e.ectrlc cars:
lot 25x85 feet.
Castro neights Residence.
W. line (No 1020) of Castro st., 183 feet 8. of
23d— Modern 2-story bay-window residence of 8
rooms and bath;, handsomely decorated and pa-
pered throughout: brick foundation; hi«h p.as-
lered busement; stone sidewalk; all-in tine condi-
tion; Castro-st. ani 2-lth-st. cars; lot ■Jl:3x9U feet.
Large Corner Lot.
NE. cor. of Army and Xoe sts. —Good view; a
large corner lot; cood speculation: see this; muit
be sold; Caatro-st. cable; lot 80x114 feet.
Mission Large iteiliUnce Lot.
N. Hue of 22d et., E. of Sanchez— Grand view;
must be sold: Mission and 24th st. electric; large
building lot, 50:11x114 feet.
Western Addition Kesldenoe tots.
W. line of Lamina St., 30 and 90 f-et N. of Lom-
bard— 2 reslilenc- lots near the new boulevard and'
Government reservation; lots 30x110 feet each,
15th Street, «» ear Market. ■
8. lice of 15th St., W. of Noe— 2 lots, all ready to
build upon: only IVit blocks from Market st. ;
pleasant surroundings; rare chance for a bulluer;
must be Hold; Castro and Fillmore st. roads; lots
25x115 feet.
Business Lot on 24th Street.
US line of 24th st, E. of Folsom— An elegant
business lot ; to improve with 2 stores below aud
French flats above; street in basalt rock; several
electric road*; large lot, 37:6x100 feet.
Ocean View.
S. line of bagamore st., W. of Capital— 2 lots
near steam depot and electric roads: all ready to
build upon; pleasant surroundings; large lot, oOx
125 feet. _
Ashburj ' Heights.
NE. cor. of Ashbury anl 18th sts.— 3 elegant
residence lots, commanding a fine marine and in-
land view; all ready to Duild upon; beautiful loca-
tion for a home; examine these; Ashbury st. sew-
ered: S. F. and 8. M. electric road; corner lot, 2.0 X,
90; Inside lots, 25 by 90 and 100 feet.
-EASTOX, JiLDKIDGE Si CO.,
638 Market st. Auctioneer*.
00000000000-O-O
AN EXCELLENT
7f"f"7 A T Properly prepared and
IV/l l' A\ I promptly served, can
XVXJ— 4I 11—/ always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the n A T . A /^F?
Most Popular K /Vll^ AC \ K
Dining Apart- •■• ■* .**-'* \.\~»L-A
men in town. wmammaßßOßamssssanaßsaa <
0000000000000
nniIOUFC FOR BARBERS, BAK.
KKllaSnirN c"'e "' bootblacks, bath-
DnUWlltO bouses, billiard -table.%
brewers, bookbinders, cnndy.makers, canner*
dyers, flourniills, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, > painters, shoe factories, «iaW«-
. men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
» ■■■■•■■""•«; BUCHANAN BROS., "
Brush aianufHcturers.GOSSaoramentoSfcROWENA WON
CROCKER STAKE
Hard Pressed at the End
She Beat Aluminum
a Length.
The Handicap Gathered In Very
Handily by Corrigan's
Can't Dance.
I
Good T.mes Adds Another to His List j
of Wins-David Took His Race
Pulled Up to a Walk.
With a gale blowing from tbesou'west
that would cut an aged limburger cheese in
sections of four, and raindrops pattering
on the roofs and window-panes as large as
Sandow's dumbbells, it would seem that
nothing short of the Iron Cross, a ticket
for a free lunch in a racetrack restaurant,
where a doughnut or a "ham and over" is |
as expensive as a I'nited States senator
ship, a Seeley dinner or a picture of
Grover Cleveland frozen in a cake of ice,
would tempt people to attend the races
yesterday. Still, under all of these un
p.easant climatic conditions yesterday,
the popularity of In^leside was again at
tested by a very liberal gathering of rac
ing enthusiasts, on the occasion of the
closing day of the semi-monthly meeting.
The caliber of the sport was excellent,
even if the special mile dash, with Mag
net, David, Damien and l>ibertine, did
not take place, owing to the condition of
the track. Favorites proved successful on
live different occasions, and a second
choice and an out».der, Palmeraton,
backed down lrom 15 to 8, captured the
other two events decided.
The special feature of the card was the
Crocker Belling stake for 2-year-olds at
four furlongß, worth about $1500 to the
winner. Eight embryo racers tried for
the prize with the Burns and Waterhouse
pair, Miss Rowena and Duckling, ruling
overwhelming favorites in the betting at
odds of 13 to 20. Of the otner starters
Estro, Aluminum and Queen Mab com
manded the most respect from t tie talent.
Without much delay Havey sent them
away to one of his prettiest starts. Eddie
Jones on Miss Rowena was quickest to get
under way and showed first before the
turn was reached. The chestnut daughter
of Imp Midlothian found the distance a
trifle lengthy before the wire was reached,
but hung on gamely, defeating Alumi
num a scant length in 51^ seconds. Tne
latter a shapely but rather undersized
eoii of imc. Idalium and Glitter, made a
gallant effort to overtake the leader and
had the distance been further hergtme-.
nesa might have proven successfully. Estro
was a close third.
The opening event was a six-furlong
spin with weights raised ten pounds above
tne scale. Good Times, with 119 ud, was
a 7 to 10 favorite, and catching George
M.ller at the paddock, he beat the "Texas
Hindoo" a head in 1:1834- Roy Carruthera,
at odds of 100 tol, nnisned third.
The Corrigan entry Soniro was chalked
up favorite in the belting on the mile sell
ing run that followed, but failed to land
tue coin. Encino showed first as the
i unch swung into the stretch, but aoon i
developed his usual quitting tendency, j
Two Cheers, the second choice, wended i
his way around the bunch and finisued j
first by two lengths with considerable to j
spare. The favorite took the place in a
hard drive from,Encino.
Tnere were but four starters in the mile
handicap, Can't Dance 93, Paiomacita 96,
Lincoln 11 92 and Grey hurst with 94 pounds
ud. The weights looked to favor Can't
Dance, and he was backed down from 8 to
sto evens. Gieyhurst, which opened at
even money, receded to 810 5. Tod Sloan
took the favorite out in front and, never
extended, the Longfellow colt won gallop
ing Jrom Lincoln. Greyhurst, apparently
a trifle stale, was an indifferent third.
Ed Corriaan'oEOod jumper, Reddington,
found easy game in the mile-and-a-quarter
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE. •
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingleside Racetrack. Saturday, March 6. Sixty-third
day of the Winter .Meeting, 1896-97. Weather wet. Track sloppy.
r 4 UltsT KAUii— Three-quarters of a mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse »350.
Index.' Horse, age, wel eh t.
(634) Good Mimes, 3 119
627 jGeorre Miller, a. .130
642 ; RoyCarruthers.3. lo7
644 j-we-t William, 3.119
6-'H 'The Sinner, 3 116
B(J9 jHymn, 6 118,
St. V* Vl "A Btr. Fin.
~ 5 43 24 1 h
3 lh lh 13 2 10
I S2Yj 31% 3 1 S3
4 4 1/2 ■ 2h 410 415
1 i!i«J* -6 5 6
left .'-
Belting.
Op. 11 .
Sloan
H. Martin
Spencer.
(Slaughter.
P.ggoit
suitSer
3-5
8
20
•I
6
20
7-10
6
60
6-2
U
20
Good s:art.
Won driving. Winner, IL K. Leigh's b. c, by imp. Kosiingion-Famtne. Time, 1:18 V*.
655. BJECOJH)
purse $400.
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Index.
Horse, »ge, weight.
645 |TwoCneers,o 105
641 ISoniro, 3 »9
644 iEncina 4 104
624 Blue Bell, 6. K'6
624 ißrametta, 4 99
640 jMissUuth, 5 IOS
645 Ikondrnnner, 6 ...108
843 I). J. Tobin, 3... 89
4
7
6
5
2
B
l
4h
74
9 n
• 64
51
3h i
8
11%
4V 3
7 2
2 1
3 1
51
63
8
1%
3h
7 2
2iy 2
4 h
5 1
0h
8
3 h
2 Va
1 h
53
4 1
6
7
8
12
'.'ii
3h
4 2
7 15
8
5pencer.........
T. Sloan
Claw ion
Bhepard...
(Slaughter ...:..
Barringer
Plggott
W. Russell
5-2
8-5
5
15
6
30
15
20
2
8-6
6
40
1-'
co
15
15
' Good start. Won handily. Winner, C. W. Staffer's br. g., by Three Cheers Emma. Time,
1:40*4- *__ '
656. THIKD
Index
(633)
(6*1):
684 ■
643 !
Can't Danre, 4... 89i
Lincoln 11, 3 62!
iOrey burnt, 3 96
iPalomacita, 4 981
Home, age, weight.
i 1
2
i i
31
lh
4
% Vl % I "tr. j Fin. Jockeys.
22%28 11 11 12 T. Sloan
Ay, 35 2h 84 28 Thompson
1% in 3>^2 1 33 Slaughter
4-4 4 4 4 Jones
M
4
7-5
! 4
1
9-2
8-5
9-2
Bad start.
Won easily.
Winner, K. Corrigan's b. c, by Longfellow-Square Dance. Time, 2:02.
/'C'7 FOURTH RACE— HaIf a mile;
stakes; purse $1000.
Index.j
Horse, weight.
632 Miss Rowena. '
898 Aluminum '
(620) Estro H
646 Ducklin? '
(646) Morellito 1
646 I Queen Mho '
6*o I Duke of York 1 1
660 Michael .1
2
I
1
5
4
6
7
8
........i
PI""
12
3 2
2 2
4%
61
63
720
8
1 3
3 1
2 1
6 Vj
4 2
6 1
7 50
8
11
i¥
4 1
5 10
6 6
7 100
8
Jones.
! • Sloan
H. Martin
slaughter
Heunessy
Ciawson
spencer
HigROU
3-5
4
6
*
in
7
20
15
3-5
6
5
*
25
9
60
50
Fair start. Won driving. Winner, B
•Coupled with Miss Rowena. Time, :51i4-
A Waterhouae's eh. f., by imp.
658. FIFTH
Betting.
Op. CL
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
631 Reddington, 4 133
649 Tnxedo,6 133
638 • Governor Budd, 4. . . 1 83
838 Hello, 6 140
622 |Duugarven, a 139
1
4
a
5 :
23
UMi
42
:32
1 3
28
43
6
,3 ■
18 15
2 10 i 2 15
32 3 10
41 410
5 6
13
15
38
4 10
I
15
a
M
MKuno
C. Sloan
raerfleld . ..
Peters.
Porteus
1-2
3
6
6
20
2-5
4
25
15
SO
Good start. Won easily. Winner, B. Corrlgan'a b. g., by Emperor of Norfolk-Angellne. Time,
2:24y a .
nr (> SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; purs* 9400.
Index.
616 Palmerston, —
657 ißabe Murphy,6..:
608 Collins, 6
(646) McLlzht, 6
652 Basqull, 3
375 Adam Andrew, 3.
616 Mahogany, 6
Hone, age, weight.
5
1
6
2
4
I
7
2h
1 h
46
3h
7
v*
2-h
$*
33
5 10
1 h
6 10
%
•11
46
h
lh
6 10
Str. Fin. Jockey.
2% 11 PlgKOtt
34 2 4 T.510an........
615 3 3 Jones .....
4 3 4MI H.Martin
6% 5 3 Slaughter
lh 650 Clawson
7 I 7 Khepard..
Betting.
Op. cl.
10
7-5
4
8
4
20
100
13-2
•£
3
8
3
3U
160
Good start. Won driving. Winner, J. H. Shield's eh. c, by Imp. St. Blalze-Kmma. Time, 1:4714.
nu(\ SEVENTH BACK— Seven-eJghtbs of amlle: purse f350.
Index.
F43
609
629
695
David. 5 1051
Dunboy, S 101 1
Simmons, 6 .110
Salisbury 11, 4....1. 6;
Horse, age, weight.
St
4
1
8
%
4
1 n
2h
1 Ml
•Ay,
i i
I 2
44
Str. Fin.
16 16
'li 3 1
4 3h
38 4
P1gff0tt..........
H. Martin.......
"laughter..".....
Th0rpe...;...;..
Betilng.
Op. Cl.
1-3
8
SO
6
Good start. ' Won easily. Winner, Benson <fc Arthur's cv. g., by Wawekus-loip. Treasure Trove.
M 1:33»*.
selling hurdle affair with five obstacles to
clear. The eelding was played down to 2
to 5 favoritism and showing a clear pair of
heels to Tuxedo, the second choice, all the
way won under double wraps. He was
cleverly ridden by George Cochran. Gov
ernor finished third, about fifteen lengths
away.
Sixth to be decided was a mile dash
under selling conditions. Babe Murphy
opened a 7 to 5 choice, Dut the public have
grown chary of horses running in the
colors of Louis Ezell, and she drifted back
to twos. Tne play was confined to Collins,
Basquil and Palmerston, the latter being
hammered down from 15 to 8. It looked
as though anything might win until the
stretch was reached, when Piggott hustled
Palmerston into first position, and Gene
Leigh's erratic cast-off headed the favorite
over the line by a length. Collins came
from the far rear taking the show.
The final seven-furlong run was nothing
but a little play for David. The chestnut
gelding was a prohibitive Ito 3 favorite
around post time and won away off from
Dun boy. Salisbury II at present many
pounds from his best form was third.
NOTES.
C. W. Stoffer proved to the satisfaction
of the judges that his claim made for
Midlo in Thursday's selling race was a
valid one, and an order was given him
for the borse.
Sweet William is now owned by Barney
Schreiber. William is a colt of many
owners, and no mistake.
Summerfield, who rode Governor Budd,
was suspended for a ride the judges did
not go into ecstacies over.
DAYLIGHT BURGLARY.
The Residence of Mr*. Halleck, 114
Scott Street, Entered and Several
Articles Stolen.
A bold burglar visited the residence of
Mrs. Halleck, 114 Scott street, on Thurs
day afternoon and carried away a gold
watch and chain, a valuable diamond pin
and a purse containing ?7 50.
Mrs. Dall, a lady friend of Mrs. Hal
leck's, called upon her that afternoon,
and as she intended remaining for tea she
took off her gold watch and chain and
placed them and her purse in a drawer in
Mrs. Haileck's bedroom alongside a dia
mond pin belonging to Mrs. Halleck.
The ladies went into the parlor and after
chatting for about an hour Mia.. Halleck
had occasion to go into the bedroom. It
occurred to her somehow to look into the
drawer, and to her astoni-hment her
diamond pin and Mrs. Dall's gold watch
and chain and purse had disappeared.
Policeman Durkin was notified and his
suspicions fell upon the Chinese servant,
but after interrogating him he was satis
fied of liis innocence. It is supposed that
a peddler who was seen in the neiuhbor
hood slipped into the house from the rear
door and stole the articles. A number cf
thelts of a similar nature have been com
mitted m that locality lately.
THIS COAST FAVORED.
Appropriations Made for Point Arena
JLife-Saving Station and for a
Tide-Gauge Here.
Captain Merry, secretary of the Chamber
of Commerce, has received a letter from
Senator George C. Perkins, a part of which
is as follows:
We hare teen successful in securing appro
priations in the sundry civil service bill for
the construction of a tide-gauge ia San Fran
cisco showing to vessels entering or leaving
the exact state of the tide, and whether rising
or falling; an appropriation of $250,000 for
dredging a chnnnel at Mare Island, and one
for the compilation of the Alaska coast pilot
and a new survey steamer.
Information lias also been received by
the Chamber of Commerce that an appro
priation favored by that body has been
made for the construction of a iife-saving
station for Point Arena, where several
vessel! have been wrecked.
The Charity Gam© Postponed.
Owing to the recent rain the Dry Goods Com
mercial Baseball League has been forced to
postpone their opening until March 14. The
schedule as published will remain unchanged
and the tirst gnme, that Detweeo Newman &
Levinson and J. J. O'Brien & Co., will be
played ior the benefit of the unemployed.
Mayor Pheian will attend the opening game
and start the series by throwing the first ball
into the flel'i.
That a large audience will be in attendance
is assured by the advance sale of tickets,
which though d»ted March 7 will be honored
on March 14. The management oi the league
are as much disappointed as the puDlic over
this forced postponement. However, a glance
at the grounds would convince one of tne im
possibility of ball-playing on the field to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 189^.
SLID DOWN THE
RAIL TO DEATH
Little Harry Kelly Falls
Three Stories in the
New Brunswick
Happily Playing He Lost His
Balance and Was Precipi
tated Headlong.
He Was Taken to the Receiving Hos
pital and Died in Less Than
Three Hours-
Harry Kelly, a bright boy 6 years of
age, was fatally injured last evening at the
New Brunswick Hotel, 148 bixth street.
Harry was amusing himself by sliding
down the banister from the third to the
second floor along with other boys and
lost his balance. He had just started and
fell from the third floor to the basement,
a distance of about forty feet.
Some of the inmates of the hotel heard
Harry's yeil of fear, followed by the
crash as his body struck the floor in the
basement hallway. Tney ran to the spot
where he lay unconscious and some one
rang up the Receiving Hospital for the
ambulance.
The boy was taken to the hospital and
Drs. Fitzgibbon and Maher found that his
skull was fractured, his ribs were broken
and he was injured internally. They ex
pressed the opinion that ho could not live
many hours, which was verified, as the
boy breathed his last about 9 o'clock.
Harry lived in the hotel with his
mother, Mrs. Patrick Kelly. She had
just left the hotel when one of the other
SCENE OF THE ACCIDENT, 148 SIXTH STREET.
euests overtook her and told her of her
son' 3 accident. She hurried back and her
grief was terrible as she gazed upon his
mangled body. She remained at the
hospital till he died, and it was a hard
ta»K for Dr. Fuzgibbon to tell her that the
end had come.
"It was only yesterday," she wailed,
"that I cauehthim sliding down the ban
isters, and I whipped him for doing it.
He promised ne wouldn't do it again. I
had juut left the hotel to visit a friend, and
had scarcely walked a block when a man
came running after roe and told me what
had happened."
"Oh, why did I not take him with me?"
she cried, as she wrune her hands and
paced excitedly up and down the corridor
in the hospital.
The body was removed to the Morgue,
and an inquesc will be held.
CROWLEY'S DEPOSITION.
The Chief of Pollen Would Not Break
Up the Headquarters of the
See Yup«.
The hearing of the ca*e of the See Yup
Society against Fong Yuen Hing, the
Chinese Consul, was resumed in United
States Commissioner Reacock's court yes
terday with the offering in evidence by
the attorney for the society of the deposi
tion of Chief of Police Crowley.
Darin ; the early part of the hearing of
the case Attorney J. C. Campbell, who
represents the See Yups, said that be in
tended to prove that the Chief had been
approached by the Consul, who asked him
to break up the See Yup Society by wreck
ing its headquarters.
That the Chief refused to because he
thought it was unlawful, and told the Con
sul to do it himself if he was so auxious to
have it done.
That the Consul had offered to indem
nity the Chief against damages in $0000
and later in $10,000, but that the head of
the Police Department had refused to
bar* anything to do with the matter on
the ground that no indemnity would jus
tify an unlawful act.
The deposition produced bore out the
statements made by Mr. Campbell, and
will be among the important documents
that will be laid before the Chinese Minis
ter at Washington, and before the Na
tional Government, if such a measure be
comes necessary.
SEKGEANT M'KENNA'S WILL.
Hit Daughters May Decide to Make a
Contest.
Tbe will of the late Police Sergeant Mc-
Kenna was filed for probate yesterday.
His daughter, Lillie Gertrude Moran, is
bequeathed $10, a note made by her nus
band, W. C. Moran, for $50 in favor of the
testator and a certain lot of land in Aia
meda County.
To his daughter, Nellie M. Lewis, wife
of John R. Lewis, he gives $10 and her
husband's note for $150, made in favor of
tbe decedent. He also cancels all claims
of his estate against his daughters.
The residue of the estate is bequeathed
to Frances F. McKenna, tbe widow of the
testator.
It is alleged that the value of the estate
is unknown, but it will amount to several
thousand dollars. The will was signed on
tbe 26th of last month.
There are already bints of a contest of
the will on account of tbe small sums be
queathed to his daughters and the fact
that the greater part of hi* property was
acquired before his second marrisse.
The funeral will take place from the
Masonic Temple, Post and Montgomery
streets, this alternoon at 2 o'clock. De
ceased was a member of Mount Moriab
Lod«*e, F. and A. M. A delegation
from the Widows' and Orphans' Aid As
sociation of the Police Department and a
large number of members of the depart
ment will attend the funeral.
WILL BE INVESTIGATED.
Polished Marble in the City Hall Dome
to Be Viewed by Experts.
The City Hall Commissioners have de
cided to consult experts concerning the
polishing of the marble work in the dome
of the new City Hall, concerning which
complaints have been made. Representa
tives of the Marble Cutters' and Finish
ers' Association yesterday visited the new
City Hall and declared that tne polishing
was not satisfactory and tliat the crevices
were filled with beeswax. Architect Shea
said that the marble had been polished by
machinery and was not as high a polish
as that done by hand, as shown by the
sample submitted by the complainants.
Ship for India to Be Ready.
A letter was received yesterday by the
Chamber oi Commerce from the Secretary of
the Navy Baying that In accordance with re
cent Congressional approval American vessels
oi 1500 to 3000 tons burden will be ready to
load at this port with grain for Calcutta and
the starving in India ju«t as soon as there
shall have bet n collected enough supplies to
make up a ship'ioaa. Bo far there are only
at.out 200 tons collected, but latest reports
from the East give promise of enough to
make up a lull cargo.
WINE PRODUCT IS SHORT
N;-t More Than 50 Per Cent 0
That of Last Season's
Vantage.
Figures on the Output and the Brandy
Used to Fortify It Computed by
the Revenue Office.
The figures showing the total amount of
sweet wines produced in this S.ate during
the past season have just been made pub
lic by the Internal Revenue Office.
They show that the product for the year
will fall 50 per cent below that of last,
owing to some extent to the fact that the
grape crop was short of other years.
The season during which wine-manu
facturers receive the brandy used to fortify
their product free of charge is from Au
gust 1 to May 1, they being compelled at
other times to pay a tax of $1 10 per gal
lon, which, of course, is prohibitive.
The figures for the different months.of
the season are as follows:
August, 189G— Brandy used from distil
leries, 728.8 tax gallons; wine produced,
port, 5401.77 wine gallons.
September. 189 C —Brandy used from distil
leries, 82,395.8 tax gallons; brandy used from
special bonded warehouses, 31.926 2 tax gal
lons; wines produced, port. 388,770.32 wine
gallons; sherry. 100,726.52 wine gallons;
aneelica, 19,680.97 wine gallons. Total,
509.183.81 gallons.
October— Brandy used from distilleries 139,
--368.9 tax gallons, from special bonded ware
houses 23,573.8 tax gallons. Wines pro
duced: Port. 390,728.73 gallons; sherry,
210,993.80 gallons; muscatel, 69,725.01 enl
lons; angelica, 52,230.71 gallons; total, 723,
--678.25 gallons.
November— Brandy from distilleries 129,
--955.8 gallons, from special bonded warehouses
24,024.8 gallons. Product: 225,948.98 gal
lon* port, 231,796.62 gallons sherry, 155,
--706.69 gallons muscat, 72 474 72 gullous
angelica, 974.34 gallons lokay ; total, 686,
--8D9.35 gallons.
December— Brandy from distilleries 112,
--104.9 galion", from special bonded ware
houses 6713.8 gallons. Product: 93,683.55
gallons port, 147,299.22 gallons sherry, 171,
--305.78 gallons muscat, 74,774.60 gallons an
gelica; total, 487,063.15 gallons.
January, 1897 — Brandy from distilleries,
75.240 gallons; from special bonded ware
houses, 19,511.3 gallons.
Pr0duct— 29,73947 gnllotis port, 173,496.86
gallons sherry, 166,766 57 gallons muscat.
24,992 74 gallons angelica; total, 394,99566
gallons.
Total brandy from distilleries, 539,797.9 gal
lons; from special bonded warehouses, 105,
--749.9 gallons.
Wines produced— Port, 1,134,276.84 gallons;
sherry, 864,313.02 gallons; muscat, 563,504.05
gallons; angelica, 244.153 74 gallons; tokay,
974.34 gallons; total, 2,807,221.99 gallons.
Advances made on furniture and pianos with
or without removal. Noonan, 1017-1073 Mission.
Jung Sing's Examination.
Jung Sing, who shipped eight tons of opium
through Wells, Fargo & Co. to a Chinese firm
at Colfax, Wash., Rgainst the laws regulating
the exportation of the drug, was before United
States Commissioner He acock yesterday on
examination. It is said that it was throtgh
information gained at the time of Jun«r Sing's
arrest that the special agents now in this City
decided to ask the Collector of tha Port to
stop the opium now in the bonded warehouses
from being removed.
The Soft Glow of the Tea Rose
is acquired by ladies who use Pozzoni's
Complexion Powdkb. Try it.
SELLING TICKETS
FOR THE FIGHT
Two Thousand Reserved
for San Francisco and
Oakland.
Sanguine Predictions Concerning
the Attendance About
the Ring.
Twenty-five Privata Detectives May
B; Sent Up to Carson to
Keep Order.
The sale of seats for the Fitzsimmons-
Corbett fight began in this City at noon
yesterday. The sale was carried on by
Edward G. Coot. W. H. Clark, Dan
Stuart's cousin, was present, but took no
active part.
All orders from the smaller cities of the
interior have been filled from Carson.
Many San Franciscans have also procured
tickets in the same way. The sale will
close at noon, March 14.
It was stated yesterday by Agent Cook
that the sale of ticket* bad been a most
pleasant surprise to Stuart, as the pro
ceeds would almost double his expecta
tions. He believes that there will be 20,000
people present.
"Last Thursday," said Clark, "an order
came in from Pittsburg for 175 seats and
for 260 from St. Louis. Small places,
where we expected to disrx>se of only two
or tnree seats, nave sent in orders for from
six to ten."
As soon as the sale opened Billy Wil
liams for Charles L. A*her of the Baldwin
Hotel purchased $1500 worth of $40
tickets. During the afternoon nearly 200
tickets were sold. About half were for $40
seats, and the proceeds, according to
Agents Cook and CiarK, amounted to
nearly $6000. Many tickets were also sold
in the evening.
If was expected that 5000 tickets would
be sold in this City alone, but that the es
timate has been reduced considerably is
shown by the fact that just 2000 tickets
have been retained to supply the demand
of both Oakland and San Francisco.
In the morning some time was spent in
a consultation between Captain Hind of
the Pinkerton Detective Agency and Clark.
An agreement was reached that probably
twenty-live Pinkerton men will be sent to
Carson.
Their duties will consist in taking charge
of the gates into the pavilion, to kee-D a
close lookout for thieves and to assist in
preserving good order generally.
Clark seems to be enthusiastic over the
condition of the principals and gave it as
his opinion that the contest would not
terminate under ten rounds, and may last
much longer.
"It is hardly possible," he asserted,
"that either man will take any chances
when so muqh depends upon the result. I
believe that they will try to size each
other up for at least live rounds, Fitzsim
mons on account of Corbett's scientific
tactics and Corbett because of hia lanky
opponent's well-known prowess in the
line of hard hitting."
toroner's Verdicts.
Nine inquests in violent death cases during
the week past were held by the Coroner
yesterday, the verdicts returned being as fol
■BKutm" 'AIM ' I \
GET SOME ROSES IN YOUR CHEEKS. YOU CAN DO IT.
Winter is about over. Hoary frost and cold rains are giving way
to sunshine and light showers. Now is the time to begin to get a stock
of good health. If you wish to put the blood in good order, if you wish
to get rid of your pimples and facial blemishes, if you want to clean the
Liver, Stomach and Bowels, use the native Sarsaparilla. It is called
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. This vegetable remedy is a first-class
laxative and it does not gripe. v It is pleasant to the taste and agreeable
in its effects. The many people who have used Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla praise it. Here are a few of the people's good wishes:
Mrs. William T. Bulmer of Stockton writes:
"Edwin W. Joy Company — Gentlemen: Your Sarsaparilla is cer-
tainly a fine laxative and it has brought me good health. I took a few
bottles of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla, and I- was. astounded with the
results. I never took any medicine that was so pleasing. I) got rid of
my. sallow complexion and dragging sensations. I hope some poor suf-
ferer will read this and get a bottle of Joy's. It is a good Spring
Medicine."
H. J. Mulvaney of Monterey says:
"Edwin W. . Joy Company — Dear Sirs: I was cured of a bad at-
tack of Rheumatism by the use of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I had
a chronic constipation that never seemed to be relieved. I had always
to be taking some pills. Well, now I take nothing. Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla cured me." « ■'••'.-'•.:•■■ ";••'" **-
Miss Emilie Jennings of Little Shasta, Shasta County, Gal., says: ;
"I was in San Francisco three weeks ago. I asked for a bottle of
Joy's Sarsaparilla in a corner drugstore. They insisted on my taking
something just as good. I took a half bottle of a sarsaparilla I never
heard of before, and it liked to kill me. I got disgusted and bought a
bottle of jdy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla from a reliable drugstore. lam
feeling fine. All the pimples left my face. I can do my work without
getting weary. - : I used to get so tired at times. I can certainly praise
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla." \-
■ . . ., . . ■ .-•'■/■ — ' — -. ~~ ■■■ ■ ■* ■ ■■ ►
. No druggist owns stock =in Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. All reli-
I able druggists sell Joy's— the native remedy. ' Don't take a substitute.
lows: Wong Fook, A. Guerrenon, Richard
Carnell, Carl F. Hirsch, William Puttison and
Gottleib R. Appstein, suicide; Wong Don
Hop, Charles Uross, John Wullbern, acci
dental.
AGAIN IN THE TOILS.
Alonzo J. YFhlteman, a Notorious Con
fidence Operator, Arrested for Swin
dling a New York Bank.
Captain Lees was notified last night by
the Pinkerton agency, New York, that
Alonzo J. Whiteman had been arrested
there for swindling the Columbia Bank,
501 Fifth avenue. On February 20 he de
posited in the bank a check for $3700 that
afterward proved to be forgod, and on
February 23 presented a check for $600,
drawn to order of "currency," and got the
money.
Whiteman, according to the Pinkertons
and Captain Lees, is one of the most no
torious confidence operators and forgers
in the United States. About two years
ago he passed a forged check for $500,
signed Frank Dixon, on J. D. Maxwell,
an insurance ngent.
He was arrested in New Jersey and
fought his extradition, but was finally
brought back here by Detective Ross
WhitaJcer and tried for the crime of
forgery. Judge Wallace on August 30,
1895, sentenced him to nine years in San
Qaentin, but in September, 1896, he was
granted a new trial and was acquitted.
Whiteman at one time was a member of
the State Senate of Minnesota. He squan
dered between $200,000 and $300,000 in
herited from his father's estate. Then he
became a professional swindler and ope
rated in different cities. His sister, Mrs.
Gibbs of Dansville, N. V., always came to
bis relief and he escaped punishment.
TWELVE THOUSAND GOING
Estimate of tbe Southern Pac.fic
of the A tendance at
Carson.
Four in Day Coaches to Oae in the
Pullmans— The Grain and
Fruit Crop.
"The Southern Pacific Railroad esti
mates there will be 12,000 people at Carson
to see the Corbett-Fitzsimmons battle,"
said W. H. Mills yesterday. "Of this
number about 40C0 will go from Nevada
and 8000 from the East and PaciQc Coast.
All the Pullman cars not absolutely in use
for twenty-four nour runs are to be nsed
for Carson light purposes. The road- has
sent East for more Pullmans, and is naul
ing one or two empty Pullmans by every
tram.
"It appears, however, that three or four
persons are going by ordinary coacb to
one in the Pullmans, which seems to indi
cate that many comparatively poor people
are going to see tbe tight.
"There never was a better prospect for
fruit in California than at present. The
season is four or tive weeks behind last
year. The winter has been cold and back
wa d. However, if we get a day or two of
quite warm weather after the prevailing
rain the buds are likely to shoot at once.
"The prospect for grain of all Kinds is as
fine as could be desired. Wheat is in ex
cellent condition and coming in rapidly.
Oats, barley and other grain are the same.
Grass is also growing rapidly, and the in
dications are that there will be a ytiy
heavy crop.
"Mining in California is extremely satis
factory at present. Everything appertain
ing toit is in better shape than for years.
Mining men report that it is very active
out in the mountains. There is plenty of
water everywhere."
There are more than 50,000 people of
Welsh birth in London.
'f ,/ MEW TO-DAT. '' '' 'j'
i THE OWL "
DRUG CO.
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS.
1128 MarKot St.
NEW
LIFE
IN THE SPRING.
BAKER'S
HONDURAS
SARSAPARILLA
Is the medicine every man, woman and
child should take in the spring of the
year; a short treatment regulates your
whole system— 7sc.
FREE
COUNTRY
DELIVERY
On purchases of $3 or more we deliver
goods free of charge to any point within
100 miles of San Francisco, Oakland or
Los Angeles, when money accompanies
the order. Write for 100-page catalogue.
HOUSEHOLD
DRUGS
AT POPULAR PRICES
Borax, Alum or Soda, per lb., 10c.
Glycerine or Arnica, per pint, 50c.
Norway Cod Liver Oil, per pint, 50a
HURD'S
IRISH
LINEN PAPER
3 Quires for 25c,
Log Angeles, San Francisco, Oakland.
ASK YOUR CATARRH
DRUGGIST lAft ft"
or a generous iW C/f^^VnJflSj
10-CENT SIZE l^$ f «is|
CREAM BALM fer^Sa
Contains no cocaine, mer- Bfi^K*s^«s«l
cury or any other Injurious p3BS'_!^^^? tv iy_Pl
Tt^opens and cleans the fJOIiD IS HEAD
Xasal Passages, Allays Pain V/VIJI/ ■■ lUJlllf
and Inflammation. Heals and Protects the Mem-
brane. Restores the Senses of Taste and Smell,
Is quickly absorbed. Given relief at once. 50 cts
at Druggists or by- mall ; Trial Size 10c, at Drug-
gists or by mall.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St., New York.
SALE CLOSES
MARCH 8.
OUR SECOND SEMI-ANNUAL
GREAT AND GENUINE
CLEARANCE SALE
OF
ART GOODS
S. & G. GUMP'S,
113 GEARY STREET.
■ * ■ — — — • • ■
PICTURES, MIRRORS,
VASES, ORNAMENTS,
BRIC-A-BRAC, CLOCKS,
, BRASS TABLES, LAMPS,
Crockery & Glassware
Paintings, Bronze and Marble
. Statuary, Pedestals, French
and Dresden Furniture,
In Fact, Every Article in Our Estab-
lishment, at a
Discount of 20 Per Cent
FROM OUR REGULAR PRICES.
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of th«
News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES, .■
°N IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
Of .-: PAPER ON THE
"j PACIFIC COAST
5 The Best \ Mining
°» Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ ' Service on , /\ Is Accurate
©< The Coast / \& up to date
4 '/'•'■ \_U.
pi Not a Line of it Sensational
q/ • ; or Faky , arid Not a Line of
T) it Dry or Uninteresting.
OC BrlirM. Clean, A Champion of
**J Thoughtful. , Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER -'
J ALL THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES , SENT BY
n HOME MAIL, $1.50
O< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALI
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/CHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNEY-
\J L«w and Notary Public, 638 Market «c; oppo>
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Resident* ltUlll
i'«U street. Telephone ■ floe " 25 91. -
910
OAKLAND ELECTS NEW OFFICIALS TO-MORROW.
To-morrow Oakland will cast its ballots
md maKo its choice of otiicials out of a
wide variety of nominees — a wide variety
of men and parties. It will close one of
the most notable campaigns the city has
seen. The great question of the cam
paign is of course the anti-saloon move
ment. The result of it is in doubt, the
pros and cons being equally confident.
Following is a word or two concerning
the candidates on the three principal
tickets, as to who they are and upon what
grounds they ask the suffrages of the
people. A few independent candidates
are making the canvass, but their chances
of election are small.
CANDIDATES FOR MAYOR.
Captain Thomas, Seth Mann, S.
t Coodenough and A. C.
Henry.
Captain W. EL Thomas, the Republican
cand.iiate for Mayor, is in business as a
real estate broker. He was at one time
Chief of Police of the city and as such 1
made an exce^ent record. He has been a ;
long time resident of the city, i-< a man of
family, has the estopm and confidence of !
his fellows nnd is well in the lead ia the j
mayoralty race. This is true dpspite the |
fact tbat he i* confined to his home by ill
ness and has been since receiving the
nomination, tie has not been permitted
to mnke one speech. His many able and
irfln»ntial friends, howeve-, prominent
nmong whom fa Pr. Pardee, have been
taking that active part in the light which i
would have been his to do if he were able, i
Setn Mann, Democratic candidate for j
Mayor, is an attorney with an office in
ban Francisco. He is about 38 years of
a^e. lie ha-> hitherto not appeared promi
nently in the politics of either side of the
bay. He rides a wheel and has Oeen a
worker for goo't roads and is indorsed by
the irood roads association. He has been
handicapped, however, through being so
little known. He has oeen making up tor
this as best he can by an active canvas.
He is a man of family.
S. Goodenough, People's party candi
date for Mayor, is a resident of the Fifth
Ward. He founded the First Universalist I
Church, ana was pastor until three years
ano, when he resigned from the ministry.
He is a fruit-grower, and was for several
years State lecturer of the Patrons of Hus
bandry. Two' years ago he ran for the
Assembly on the Populist ticket, anil in
creased the party vote in the Fifth Dis
trict from 385 to lUJO. He wa« born in
Vermont, came to California fourteen
years ago and is a man of family,
A. C. Henry, who is making an inde
pendent run for Mayor, is one of the old
est residents of Oakland. Mr. Henry and
bis wue came aero*< the plains in pioneer
days, and his business enterprises in this
city pave been very successful. He has,
at d Keren t times, founded four of the
most substantial of Oakland's bunks. At
present Mr. Henry is president of the
California and Nevada Meat Company,
and he is still active in his business ven
tures. He owns much real estate and is
one of the wealthiest men in this city.
He has always been a Republican and has
always supported the party financially.
He did not approve of the manner in
which the last convention was held, and
decided to run alone. Mr. Henry was
once Mayor of Oakland and he has also
been Tax Collector.
The Republican Candidates.
Auditor — Roland W. Snow is serving
his fourth term as City Auditor, and surh
is b's certainty of being returned again
that the Democrats made no nomination.
Mr. Snow comes of an old line. He was
born in 1850 on Marthas Vineyard, Mass.,
which was purchased by his ancestors in
1640 from Lord Sterling. He is a descend
ant of Governor Mayhew, but was adopted
83 a child by Joshua Snow, a shipmaster.
He came to Oakland in 1875. He was the
first and has been the only City Auditor
Oakland has had.
City Treasurer— Z. T. Gilpin has been
City Treasurer for several years, and like
Auditor Snow he practically is without
opposition in this campaign. He is a busi
ness man rather than a politician, and is
respected as such. He makes no speeches,
but attends to business in such i ash ion as
to enlist the confidence of the electors of
cl 1 , parties. The Democrats have made no
nomination for this office.
City Attorney— W. A. Dow is a w«>ll
taovo attorney of this city. Four years
ago he was elected to the City Council by
the Municipal League at the same time
Dr. Pardee was elected Mayor. He served
laithfully during the period of activity in
the water-front litigation and has won
public favor by his official conduct. He
is familiar with the work that falls to the
office of City Attorney and has been
heartily indorsed by several organizations.
City Engineer — Anhur R. Wilson, the
incumbent, is the Republican nominee.
He is an experienced and energetic offi
cial. He has effected improvements dur
ing bis term of office as Engineer and
member of the Board of Public Works in
the Street Department and in the Police
and Fire departments. He is recognized
as the friend of organized labor.
t Councilman at Large — H. D. Talbott is
an attorney. He presided over the last
Republican convention. He is not an old
resident of Oakland, and the prominent
place he has taken in Republican politics
is an evidence of his native force and
abilities. He is an old veteran and a
prominent member of the G. A. R.
Councilman at Large — B. C. Cuvellier
lives in West Oakland, and it is to his
energy and perseverance that that part of
the city owes its park. He labored as
iiduously for the improvement and the
marsh at West Oakland will soon be a
thin? of the Dast. He has always been
identified with progressive interest! in the
city.
Councilman at Large— W. D. Heitmann
Is a member of the Council, and West
Pairland gives him a large measure of
What They Would Do
If Elected Mayor.
If elected to the office of Mayor of Oakland I will striye to give the city an h onest
economical and businesslike administration.
I will strive to keep the taxes as low as consistent with the public good.
I favor good roads and will approve a" reasonable expendl-
WHAT - tare of public funds for street improvements, and bend my
energies m the direction of obtaining for the city a full dollar's
THOMAS worth of irajrovement for every dollar expended.
I am in favor of beautifying the city parks and keeping our
WOULD DO. public buildings in good repair. .
; I favor protection in National, State and municipal affairs,
and. to this end, I am In favor of employing citizens of Oakland to do all improve
ments which must result in keeping the money thus expended in our own beautiful
city.
I will encourage home industry and the establishment of manufacturing enter
prises, and do ail in my power to develop our extraordinary commercial facilities.
I will encourage competing railroads to make their terminals in Oakland and
favor the prosecution of the present water-front suits to a final issue.
I regret that the state of my health will not permit me to make an active per
sonal canvass, but I have every* confidence in my friend?, the voters of Oakland, and
fully believe the result will bs for the best interests of the city. Very truly yours.
. W.K. THOMAS.
Oakland's hope of becoming a great commercial and manufacturing city rests in a
large degree upon the improvement in a practical and substantial way of her great
natural harbor advantages. To this end I shall in the future, as I baye in the past, do
all in mv power to urge forward the water-front litigation to the
court of last resort or until the city is auain in possession of her WHAT
entire water iront. •
On thi?, to the people of Oakland the all-important question, DAVIE
my record is without qualification. The initiatory step which led
to a decision of the 'Supreme Court that the party that had for WOULD DO.
thirty years held the city's water front had no title to the prop
erty was taken by Councilman Bassett and myself and we pushed the contest to a de
cree sustaining the city's title.
There had previously been much litigation on the water front, but, in every
case, at the critical moment, the city's interests were either abandoned or sacrificed
to other interests. Our contention was on the merits of the case.
We made the contest on principle, and upon principle we were determined either
to win or lose. At the end of six months' litigation, which, it will be remembered,
was carried on at our individual expense and did not cost the city a dollar, we non
suited our opponents and obtained a decision, but for which it is more than probable
the city never would have made another attempt to regain her water front, without
which she conld not hope to become what she will with it — a gruat commercial port.
In the prosecution of this water-front litieation, the result of which promises bo
much to the people of Oakland, and in building a wharf and bulkheads upnn the
property, which on the final decision will pass to the city, I expended some $40,000.
On this exDenrtiture I have received no return, and I have been compelled to assign
the property as security for some of the money expended in its creation. My record
on the water-front issue is well known to every citizen of Oakland, and the facts
above mentioned art merely noted as evidence of my unfaltering purpose to in every
way aid the city in her efforts to regain her water front
In this connection I will call attention to the fact that the opposition ferry
established by myself and associates, while a pecuniary loss to the projectors led to a
reduction of passenger fares and freight rates between this city and San Francisco
which saves the people not less than $1000 per day. These fares and rates can never
be increased except by c >nsent of the Board of Railroad Commissioners. This benefit
to the public is not only substantial but permanent.
I shall in the future, as I have in the past, advocate economic government. In
my mes-ege to the Council vetoing the $1 18 tax levy I offered to guarantee an ex
penditure of $75,000 per year on permanent improvements out of a $1 tax levy besides
meeting all the legitimate claims against the city.
After two years' study in municipal affairs I am satisfied that upon a $1 limit of
taxation $100,000 may be annually expended on permanent improvements without
impairing the usefulness and efficiency of a ninele department.
My two years' experience as Mayor goes far to convince me that during the last
five years enough of tr.e people's money has been frittered away through $499 resolu
tions and by other means, for which there has been comparatively no return to have
done much toward building a substantial City Hail.
I have been, and shall continue to be, a strong advocate of public improvements.
During my term of offiue I have signed ordinances for the construction of the boule
vard, for the purchase and improvement of a park for West Oakland, for the construc
tion of East Twelfth street as a main thoroughfare, for a new engine-house on Sixth
street, for the purchase of a steam roller— this lpst can, I am conlident be manufac
tured by a local firm— and for the repair of Telegraph avenue.
I shall continue to urpe the importance of making all improvements, particularly
of streets, bridges and buildings, of so solid and permanent a riatufe that the outlay
for maintenance will not be so considerable as heretofore.
I belive it is possible for municipalities to select from public officials who are able
and willing to manage the city's business with the care and economy that private
business is managd and to handle the money of the taxpayers with prudence judg
ment and economy that characterizes the handling of their own money. So far as in
my power I have endeavored to act upon a policy based on this belief and if the
people re-elect me to the office ot Mayor I shall continue the support of this policy
A glance at the high rate of taxation that prevailed for the past six years will satisfy
any one that it has not been for want of funds that.Oakland's improvements are "n
general, of such an unsubstantial nature. The taxpayers have supplied the funds
but they have received little in return that is solid and enduring. The salary and
maintenance claims have often depleted, the treasury.
I believe economy and progression may go hand in hand. I believe more may be
done than has been done with a lower tax levy than has, as a rule, been imposeJ upon
the taxpayers. One of the first questions asked by persons seeking investment is what
is your tax rate for city purposes? We should so conduct or municipal affairs that
we can answer this question to the satisfaction of the questioners. I am and shall
continue to be an advocate of as low a rate of taxation as will meet the requirements
of an economic but progressive government.
If elected Mayor I shall, as heretofore, devote mv entire time to the business of
the city to the end that I may act intelligently in all matters affecting the city's in
terests in the many duties pertaining to the office of Mayt>r, of Police and Fire Com
missioner and member of the Board of Public Works.
The annual election of public-school teachers is not, in my judgment authorized
by the Btate law. It is a custom that should be abandoned. Teacher* should be
permanently employed during their competency. This would take the School Depart
ment out of politics. The cost of maintaining the city's public schools could I be
lieve, be materially reduced without in the least impairing its usefulness and efficiency
If I am re-elected I shall do my utmost to advance the interest* of the whole city*
keeping ever in mind the important lact that the exigency of the times demands as
low a rate of taxation as is consistent with that progression essential to the due and
proper standing of our beautiful city. j l ijaVIE
In accepting the nomination for the office of Mayor for the city of Oakland I hare
carefully considered the duties and responsibilities of the office, and am prepared, if
elected, to devote my time, my energies and my best abilities to the faithful
perform
ance of the Mayor's duties. My sole hmbition would be to mak«
a record for faithfulness, efficiency and devotion to the public
interests, bo that all citizens, irrespective of party, would join in
saying at the end of my term of office: -'His work has been well
d °s e; bis atteD, tion to the duti «sol his office has been vigilant
and constant; he was at all times accessible to the humblest
citizen; he was the tool of no person or corporation; he was
WHAT
i.. »t»t
MANN
tx/^rrrn n«
WOULD DO.
energetic, firm and watchful.' lam under no pledge or promise of any kind to any
one. I shall so continue henceforth, and prefer defeat in this way to election'in any
otuer. If elected I shall enter office free and untrarumeled, prepared to act in accord
ance with my best judgment for the good of the whole city.
The study and practice of the law for the past fourteen years will assist me in
mastering the details of the water-front litigation. These suits should be pressed for
ward as speedily as possible, lor at best such litigation is too lengthy. The city's title
to the water front cannot be too soon recognized and determined by the courts for
Oakland's commerce and industries are impatiently awaiting the time when the city
•ball be restored :o ncr own and shall control and manage her harbor facilities.
The competing railroads of Los Angeles and Spokane constantly present tons the
industrial and commercial advantages of additional railroad facilities. It should be
the foremost ambition of the Mayor to procure for Oakland the w< stern terminal of
the San Joaquin Valley Railroad. All legitimate inducements should te held out.
The bonus heretofore subscribed by public spirited citizens has lapsed by expiration
of time. The institution of a new subscription list siiould be one of the efforts of
Oakland's next Mayor. In facilitating the procurement of rights of way for the new
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 189 T.
road Oakland should sot allow the interior cities to excel her. She should win and
wear the palm.
Oakland has a great industrial and manufacturing future before her. With ad
ditional railroads and the control of her water front restored, great factories, mills
and foundries would line her shores. The Mayor of Oakland as its chief executive ot
ficer should endeavor to induce the location of such industries here. In the present
time of financial stringency and commercial depression Oakland must be particularly
active in these directions and. the spirit of enterprise and advancement aroused and
encouraged.
We are not now in a condition to bear an increase of the tax rate. Incomes are
diminished, and business is not as profitable as formerly. We must practice economy
in our city as well as in onr household affairs. But let it be a wise economy. Let not
the cent saved obscure the dollar lost thereby. A tax rate of not to exceed $1 10 is
under economical expenditure sufficient to pay the interest on our bonds, carry on
the city government and at the same time produce a substantial public improvement
each year.
We must not allow what we have procured at the expenditure of millions to decay
and become useless for lack of repair, nor is it wise economy to neglect the sanitary
and commercial conditions of the community. Under a tax rate ot not to exceed $1 10
the city can preserve its present possessions and add year by year to its improvements.
The West Oakland marsh should be reclaimed as a sanitary necessity and to
remove from the eyes of visitors here the blot upon the landscape that first greets
them upon their arrival. The streets of the city are its commercial arteries. They
should be restored 10 the condition they were in some twelve years ago as
rapidly as possible. It has been demonstrated that a substantial improve
ment in this direction ran be made each year by the fact that by reason of
the energy and activity of the Good Roads Association, the Board of Trade
and the Merchants' Exchange $25,000 has been this year set apart by the Council for
the pavement of East Twelfth street, from First avenue to Eleventh avenue. The re
clamation of the marsh is also in progress. As much and more can be done every
year, until in a few years Oakland's main thoroughfares, at least, shall be in rood
condition. It is the squandering of public funds that must be guarded against, and
the Mayor's chief duty is to be ever vigilant in this direction. If elected Mayor I
should personally supervise ail public work and require its performance in strict ac
cordance with specifications. I should at all times favor the acceptance by the city of
streets put into the re quired condition at the expense of the property-owners.
An ordinance has oeen prepared by a committee of which I am a member which
covers this matter specifically, and which will shortly be presented to the Council.
Upon public wort I favor the employment of bona-fide residents of Oakland.
The public schools should be liberally supported.
Horace Mann, the celebrated educator of New England, was a member of my
family. lam a graduate of the public school system of this State. I graduated from
the University of California in 1881. My brother, A. L. Mann, was Superintendent of
Public Instruction in San Francisco and is now principal of the Denman Grammar
School. These connections ought to bespeak for me my views upon the public scnool
question.
Such in brief is my position upon some of the matters which I consider of im
portance to Oakland.
Space forbldi me from referring to other matters or going more into detail at this
time - SETH MANN.
First— l will so arrange my business as to give the fullest attention to the duties
of the office and give to the city a practical business administration.
Second — I will cultivate harmony between the executive and legislative depart
ments of the city government in order that the interests of the
oitv may be most effectually promoted. WHAT
Third— l will carry a like spirit into my relations with the
Board of Public Works, Board of Police Commissioners and GOODENOVOH
Board of Fire Commissioner!). The most important adminis
trative interests of the city are embraced in th- specific duties of WOULD DO
these three organizations, and therein the Mayor will be ex
pected to find the fieid of his largest usefulness.
Fourth— l shall co-operate coidialiy witu the Board of Education Board of
Library Trustees and Board of Health on the important duties of heir respective
department!).
Fifth— lt will be my pnrpose to keep in close touch with the peopie and acquire
the clearest possible understanding of their interests and needs; hence suggestions
coming from the people will always receive candiu consideration.
Sixth— l am impressed with tne great morit of the plan which Mayor Josiah
Quincy of Boston has adopted. He has formed a sort of cabinet or advisory commit
tee of seven gentlemen, selected from as many different lines of business and industry
who voluntarily meet with him at stated times and advise concerning all questions of
larf.e municipal importance. The plan has worked admirably and is growing in pop
ular favor. I believe that representatives selected from the Board of Trade the Mer
chants' Exchange, the Good Roads Association, the Federated Trades, the' Builders'
Association and, it may be, others, could and would give the Mayor most valuable
aid and counsel. By this or some other equally practical method I shall aim to secure
the complelest possible understanding of all important matters requiring my official
action. *
Seventh— l am unqualifiedly in favor of a generous policy of public improve
ments, with rigid economy in expenditure. What tli taxpayers of Oakland want is
that every dollar paid out of the city fumis shall be for 100 cents' worth of benefit to
tne city. Upon this basis there will never be a high rate of taxation, and all expen
ditures will be in the nature of permanent investment.
Eighth— l am in hearty sympathy with the pronounced demand for good roads.
We have already made a small beginning in the way of permanent street improve
ment, and I shall promote its extension as rapidly as possible. Good roads are a sure
index of advance and advancing civilization.
Ninth— l shall give earnest attention to the subject of sanitation. Oakland can
be made to take the highest rank as a city of healthtui homes.
Tenth— l shall endeavor to secure the early acquirement by the city of municipal
public utilities in order both to reduce the cost of service to the people and lighten
the burdens of taxation.
Eleventh — I shall press the water-front suits to a decision favorable to the City by
every resource at the command of the Mayor's office.
Twelfth— The question 01 a public park commensurate with the present and pros
pective needs of our city is beginning to attract the attention that Its importance
deserves, and I can do no more than promise to assist in reaching a satisfactory solu
tion of the problems which it involves.
. Thirteenth — I shall urae the economy of providing employment for as many resi
dent workingmen as possible in needed public improvements. It is cheaper than
charity, because the city gets value received for money thus paid out. The worst uae
that can be made of men is to support them in idleness.
Fourteenth — In these and other ways I shall aim to foster and encourage the com
mercial, manufacturing, mercantile, industrial and social interests ot Oakland, and
rouse our city from the lethargy into which she has fallen. This should be the great
railroad center of the Pacific Coast. We should not miss our present opportunity of
facilitating the terminus of the Valley road at our own water front. Other lines
would follow until the transportation system of our country will meet at our wharves
the commerce of a hemisphere. S. GOODENOUGH.
I will endeavor to conduct the affairs of the city as I would my own private busi
nest. In fact, I think it is the duty of a public official to use greater discretion and
more Vigilance in looking after the business of the municipality over which he is
selected to officiate than over his own affairs. With the private
citizen, he is handling his own money and has no one to account
to but himself. •
On the other hand, the official in whom the trust of the people
Is reposed act* as tne representative of all, and must use great
care in putting out the money received from the many. All
must be treated alike, and tne judgment of a practical business
WHAT
HENRY
WOULD DO.
man is needed to inure an economical yet progressive administration. For every
dollar of tax paid in this city should receive the full 100 cents' valuation.
The condition of our streets is a matter of grave moment. I would try to see that
every one of them is put in first-class condition. Not paved as in the past, sometimes,
with large rocks at the bottom over a faulty bed and screenings on tcrp, bat with
honest material—good, substantial rock of uniform size that shall form a compact and
solid surface. If the paving is done properly it will last for years and save the city
thousands of dollars.
Then, too, the streets should be beautified. Along the business thoroughfares and
main arteries the streets should be bituminized. Take for instance Ninth street. Ten
years ago I saw that this was properly bituminized and it has not cost the city one
cent for repairs since. Some other streets on which work has been done much later have
been a continual burden and are now in a bad condition owing to hasty and faulty
paving. When the streets are once thoroughly renovated the city should take charge
of them and see that they are nicely kept.
I would encourage all manufactories, industries and competing railroads. One
line wants to come in here now and there should be no stone left unturned by the city
to get it. Being tne terminus of another railroad means much to Oakland. It will
give employment to many citizens, help increase the population and is certain to have
a beneficial effect on commerce.
As far as the water-iront suits are concerned, tney should be rushed on to a
speedy and certain termination. Oakland must have her water front and I would
never sign a release of it in any way. The cases have now been in court off
and on for forty years and they should be kept there until we get a definite answei,
one way or the other. Doubtless they will be decided in our favor. Wlien once the
city nets possession of Its rightful property there shou d be no delay in improving it.
Next I would try to buiid the city up in population and commercial importance.
I would try to give out the public work to our own laborers and mechanics, thus
keeping the money at home as far as possible and giving tne needy ones an oppor
tunity to earn an honest living. The improvements which should be made are many
and home labor should be recognized to the exclusion of outsiders.
In municipal affairs I would seek harmony between the executive and legislative
departments to the end that the best interests of the city may be subserved and so
that no internal bickerings shall be as a stumbling-block in the onward march of
progress.
Lastly, I would urge an economical, conservative, yet progressive administration
of affairs. I would do all in my power to advance Oakland until it finally reaches the
high plane of prosperity which its natural advantages have preordained for it. Yours
respectfully, A. C. HENRY.
credit for securing to it a park to take the
place of a swamp. He is public spirited
and widely known, and bis record in the
Council is his campaign document.
Councilman, First Ward — J S. Cdlburn,
the nominee of the People's party, is in
dorsed by the Republicans.
Councilman, Second Ward— D. F. S.
Bodle is a physician and a practical ma::
of affair?— in no sense the typical politi
cian. He never ran for office before, but
is widely known and Has a large share of
public confidence.
Councilman, Third Ward— M. W. Upton
is an insurance agent. He is a man of
1 ro^-ressive ideas and his campaign has
created a very favorable impression in his
behalf.
Councilman, Fourth Ward— P. J. Boyer
is a cigar merchant. He has figured in
business circles in the city many year
Althougb very popular and enterprism
he has never taken a very active part i
politics heretofore. He is a member of
number of fraternal societies.
Councilman, Fifth Ward— F. M. Parcells
is an attorney and is another of the large
contingent of candidates in this campaign
who has never had public office. He was
chosen by the Republican convention for
his fitness alone, as it was reaiizjd that
there was a strong independent candidate
from tiie same ward.
Councilman, Sixth Ward— William Wat
kinson lias been a leader in political and
fraternal circles in Oakland ior several
years. He became prominent at the time
of the great railroad -tnke. Previous to
ibe strike he was yardmaster lor the rail
road. He went oat with the union and
never went back.
Councilman, Seventh Ward — Harrison
D. Rowe is an insurance man. He has
lived in the Seventh Ward many years,
and was nominated because the convention
wanted him to serve rather than because
he wanted the office. In i'a.ct, he did not
know that he was to be considered until
shortly before he was nominated.
School Directors: Dr. Myra Knox, nomi
nee at large, has been a School Director
for two years, and has been foremost
among them, being chairman of t: c High
School Committee. She has no opposi
tion, being indorsed by all the tickets.
John A. Britton (at large) is manager of
the ga-^ works. Twenty-five years ago he
shoveled clinkers in the gas works, and
has gained his present position, step by
step, under the eyes of those who did the
promoting. As to his ability and capa
city nothing more need be said.
John Russ and J. W. Evans, the other
two candidates at large, have both been
in the board before and are well known.
C. H. Redington has the respect of the
First Ward; Mark A. Thomas has the
unanimous support of the Second; Dr. J.
H. Todd is the choce of the Third; Giles i
H. Gray, a leadinc lawyer, lias been nomi- I
nated from the Fourth; David Ruther
ford, who made a good record a few years
ago on the School Board, comei from the ]
Fifth; C. L. Ingler, a successiul business
man, is the choice of the Sixth; Dr. W. J.
Wilcox has been put forward from the
Seventh.
For Library Trustees the Republican
nominees are: B. A. Rabe, John G. Hoyt,
F. 8. Page, William D. Armes, L. J.
Hardy Jr.
NEW TO-DAY.
A MASS OFSOREST
Eczema Quickly Cured by
the Electro-Medical Treat-
ment When All Else Failed.
THIS WELL KNOWN OLD PIONEER OF CALIFORNIA,
I through whose veins courses the stanchest blood of the Revolu-
tionary days, who resides at 905 Fillmore street, in this city, wrote to
a friend a few days ago as follows :
•A.XJO2STSZ O MORROW.
' San Francisco, February 23, 1897.
"Dear Sib: I have just been cured of eczema by the Electro-Medical Cure, which
recently created such a Juror of excitement in the scientific world. For many lons
months I had suffered intolerable itching on my chest, back and neck. Haying tried
m*ny remedies and doctors, I whs astonished at the rapid relief I received at the State
Electro-Medical Institute, at 3 Eddy street, near Market. The eminent specialists of
tne Institute, who discovered this combined ; treatment of medicine and electricity,
have not only effected a complete cure of my ailment, but have made a number of
cures in other diseases that I know of which are truly wonderful."
ALONZO MORROW, 905 Fillmore street, San Francisco, Cal.
ONE AMONG MANY.
Mr. Morrow's statement is but one among hundreds that have: been received
from people who are overjoyed at being cured of ailments, such as Asthma, Bron-
chitis, Catarrh, Neuralgia, Heart Disease, Dyspepsia, Eye Disease, Skin Disease,
Rheumatism, Malaria, Nervous Diseases, Kidney Diseases, Insomnia, Hysteria,
Dysentery, Paralysis, Rickets, Scrofula, Consumption, Liver . Diseases, Diseases of
Bowels, Ovarian Diseases, Sciatica, Tumors and Abnormal Growth, Deformities,
Spinal i Disease, Varicocele and Rupture, which have proved too stubborn for
other medical skill. .
SCIENTIFIC APPLIANCES.
In the administration of the Electro-Medical Treatment the Institute uses the
most complete and costly Galvanic, Faradic and Static batteries, the Static battery
alone costing over $1000. The X-Ray, too, has proved itself of inestimable value in
determining the location, extent and character of disease. .
HOME TREATMENT.
# If you cannot visit the Institute write for . the neat and effective body battery,
which can be worn under the clothing, next to the skin, day and night. The poles
of the battery are placed on the medicine-pads ; the electricity passes through them,
carrying the medicine right to the diseased parts, giving almost immediate relief and.
effecting cures where all other kinds of treatment have failed.
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Market, Powell and Eddy Sts., Entrance 3 Eddy St.»
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
The Democratic Nominees.
The Democrats did not nominate a lull
ticket. No nominations were made for
Auditor or City' Treasurer or Councilman
lor the Third Ward. Neitner was there a
straight ticket nominated for the Board oi
Education.
City Attorney— Thomas F. Gnrrity is 35
years of age. He was a candidate for
Superior Judge at the late general elec
tion ana made an excellent run. He
polled more votes in the city than did the
Republican candidates who were elected,
their votes in the county outside the city
overconiin • Garrity's vote in the city.
The Democrats expect him to win this
time by repeating his performance of
November.
City Engineer — R. M. Clement is about
i>3 years oi ajie. He was educated in Oak
.and, took a thorough course of civil engi
neering and has been at the bend of sev*
eral large projects, one particularly at
Salt Lake. He is very popular.
Councilmen at Lur«e — George I. Earl
served two terms in tiieCouncl represent
ing the Second Ward and counts upon liia
record >.o elect him at large. He is mak
ing an active canvass.
Henry M. HaLht is a nephew of ex-
Governor Haight. He is a young man, a
resident of the Fifth Ward. He is highly
esteemed by all wtio know h.m. He is
not. making a very active < auva-s.
R. M. Turner is an old and respected
citizen. He has large interests in me city
and county. He is also largely interested
in Napa County.
Councilman First Ward — James Henne
berry is an olu resident of the First Want,
This is bis tir.st candidacy for any public
(.'fflee. He is a lar^e property-owner of
me vvt.rd and is looked upon as a safe,
conservative man for the office.
Councilman Second Ward — F. R. Gir
ard is a prominent merchant, president
oi the Girard Piano Company. He is .1
candidate for a return t<> the office. He
made an excellent record as Counc Imiiii
and also as member of the Board of Edu
cation.
Councilman Fourth Ward— C. 11. Bros
nafcan is the incumbent from the
Fourth Ward atia has served lor sev; ral
terms He is a member of the Demo
cratic Slate Central Committee and is
widely known as an active factor in
Democratic politics.
Councilman Fifth Ward— A. Fibush i? a
prominent merchant. He ran for the
same office at the last city election and he
was beaten by so slim a majority as 48.
Councilman Sixth Warn — Edward A.
Stanley is a young man who grew up in
the ward which he seeks to represent. He
is a capable young man and high.y
esteemed.
Councilman Seventh Ward— H. P. Ca
i eil is the son of tie Councilman who
represented the Seventh Ward for two
terms. He has the commendable ambi
tion to follow in his father's footsteps,
and is being seconded in the same to an
extent only to be determined to-morrow.
Board ot Education — E. B. Clement is
the Democratic and Citizens' Municipal
Continued on Fifteenth Page.LITTLE EFFIE IS
NOW OUT OF JAIL
Taken to the Home of a
Good Woman in
Oakland.
Mrs. Mary L. Martin Is to Act
as Mother Pro Tempore
in This Case.
Mrs. Holstrcm ani Mrs. d'Artnay
Faced Each Olh^r in Juige Cof.
fey's Court Yesterday.
Judge Coffey's court-room was crowded
with women at 2 o'clock yesterday after
noon as that was the hour set for hearing
the application to take little Effie V. R.
Holstrem from the City Jail and give her
into the custody of some good woman
who would properly care for her, and as
Judge Coffey hoped, would supply to the
child habiliments appropriate to her sex,
Mrs. Sarah d'Aruiay, mother of the
child, was in court, as was also Mrs. Mary
Lucinda Holstrom, the foster-mother, and
as they faced each other it was apparent
that there was r.o love lost between them,
no matter vAat may be their affection for
the baby girl, Effie.
In t!ie preliminary stage of the proceed
ings there was a scene which threatened
to de>elop into a free fight, because the
bitter feelings which exist between At
torney Eugene Deuprey and Special Offi
cer Kane of the Society for the Prevention
of Vice. la their ardor they were led to
overstep the boun ds of propriety.
"The child was taken by force from the
residence of a private citizen by this fel
low Kane, who is come to be known as a
regular kidnaper," remarked Mr. Deu
prey.
"You're a liar," mildly responded Kane,
who stood in the rear of the room. The
remark was not in Mr. Kane's ordinary
tone, and so the words were not heard by
Mr. Deuprey, but were caught by the court.
Both gentlemen were severely rnided by
Judge Coffey. He told them that they
ought to be fined $200 each and sent to
jail lor two days.
On account of the opposition to her ap
pointment Mrs. Barron withdrew her ap
plication for the position of guardian or
mother pro tempore of the little girl, and
Mrs. Mary L. Martin, who lives at the
Girard House in Oakland, was introduce^
to the court as a proper person to assume
that responsibility.
She testified that she was moved to
make the offer voluntarily on account of
an article which she read ia The Call,
uiv.ng the particulars about a lutie girl
being incarcerated in the City Prison in
the vicinity of murderers and ottier male
factors. She said she had often read of ]
rases whrre children were ill treated, but
no other case had appealed to her sympa
thies as this had.
Attorney Matt I. Sullivan drew out the
admission that Mrs. Holstrom asked Mrs.
Martin to apply lor the custody of the
child, but the lady insisted that she had j
not made up her minJ to do so untii the i
rend an account of the case in her morning I
paper. Mrs. Martin presented recom
mendations from Judge Ham and the
Chief of Police of Oakland and other re
putable citizens showing her to be a
proper person to have charge of the child.
Another quarrel occurred between Mr.
Kane ar.d Mr. Deuprey, and the court
compelled both of them to sit down. Mr.
Kane was reminded that he was not an
attorney, and that he has no business to
stand in- a threatening attitude while a
witness is giving testimony. He was re
quested to desist from this custom here
after.
Mrs. Mary Lucinda Hoistrorn, the foster
mother, was sworn. She admitted that
she had cut the girl's hair and had
put h«r in boy's clothes, saying that
she did so because Mr. Kane had threat- j
ened to seize the chid the first time he j
had a chance to lay hands on her, and for i
fear that the threat would be carried out
the little one had been disguised. She
thought she was justified in doing so.
Mrs. Holstrom ai.-o confessed to Mr.
fuilivan that Mrs. Vaikeubeig WM on
her way to Fresno with the liitte girl
when arrested, but she said she had no
intention of taking the child outside the
State of California or beyond the jurisdic
tion of the court.
When asked if she was willing to have
the child placed temporarily in ti:eCar c
'if some good society for the protection of
children, ehe burst out :
"No, no; don't send her to any society.
Let some kind woman have her. I don't
want Mr. Kane to have anything to do
witn her. He dragged her from me one
morning before she had her breakfast, and
he wouldn't let me dress her or kisa her,
and said I had no right to touch her, al
though I had loved her and car6d for and
nurtured her for four years just as if she
had been my own."
The court and alltne lawyers were try
ine to stop the flow of words, but it was
useless to attempt to stem the tide until |
the tears came to their rescue and hers.
Then she wept as if her heart would break
and it was noticed that quite a number in
the courtroom suddenly required the
services of their handkerchiefs.
Judge Coffey looked dietressed, for he
haa a man's dislike for scenes. He waited
patiently until the lady regained her com
posure, and when she said that all she
wanted was for the baby to have its rights
she was assured that the coun would do
possible in that regard.
I Mr. Deuprey said that if Mrs. Martin
vnonld not prove acceptable, he wouid sug
gest Mrs. C. L. Benton of 406 Butter street,
Mr*. J. C. Young of 114 Cumberland street,
or Mrs. Ramsey, editor of the Pacific
Youth.
Mrs. Sarah d'Arinay, a neatly dressed,
quiet and good-looking woman, was sworn
und testified tiint she is theTnother of little
Ettie and iivcs in D;xon, in this State. She
had no Objection to letting Mrs. Martin
take the child provided none of the parties
in interest are permitted to visil tier pend
ing the hearing of the application for per
manent custody or adoption.
Judce Coffey said : "How about your
self? Will you also forego visiting the child
in the meantime?"
"Yes, provided Mr«. Holstrom is also
prohibited from seeing her," was the re
ply.
Mr. Deuprey commented somewhat se
verely on this, saying it might be Mrs.
d'Artnay's disposition toward the child,
but that Mrs. Holstrom had other and
more tender semirnents. fche wanted to
see the little one and minister to its
needs.
"Well, I'll allow both mothers to visit
the child at all reasonable hours." was
Judge Coffey's humane decision, and he
signed a uecree constituting Mrs. Martin
the legal guardian and custodian of little
Ettie until lurther order of the court. He
warned Mrs. Martin to be zealous in the
discharge of her duties and to guard her
charge well, for it is evident that Mrs.
Holstrom is a shrewd and d sperate
woman, that she has a great affection for
the child, and would obtain possession of
ih« child by any means in her power.
Mrs. Martin retired to Judge Coffey's
chambers, when, in less than ten minutes,
ehe manifested litr litness for her position
as guardian by having the little one
laughing and romping among the law
books and transcrips on appeal and other
legal bric-a-brac that cumber the apart
ments. Both mothers were excluded, and
were told to call at the Girard House in
Oakland if they want to see the child. The
MRS. SARAH D'ARTNAY, Mother of Little Effie j MRS
MARY LUCINDA HOLSTROM, Foster-Mother of the
Child, and MRS. MARY L. MARTIN, Appointed to Act
as Mother pro Tempore.
little girl's joy wh n told that she would
not hnve to go back to jail was unbounded.
Judge Coffey took a brief recess to enjoy
the result of his wi3<iom.
Just before the adjournment of court
Attorney Sweeney addressed Jud c Coitey
on behalf of Mr. Kane, who wished to
apologize to the court for his hasty words
to Mr. Deuprey.
Judge Coff >'V said he thought Mr. Kane
owed the court two apologies, for he not
only called Mr. Deuprey a liar within the
hearing of the court, but had assumed a
minatory attitude and had engaged in a
I second quarrel with that gentleman. He
reproved Mr. Kane for acting as if he
thought the Probate Court were a rousta
bout report, a piace for violence. He was
reminded of his duty as an officer of the
court, and was told that he (.uaht to keep
j his tenuier and practice eeif-control. He
I could not blame tLe papers for roportinc
1 these disgraceful fcenes. He blamed
those who created t tie disorder.
Mr. Kane expressed deep contrition and
asked forgiveness, whica was granted by
ihe Judge.
It was understood that the case is to be
transferred to Judge Slack's department
of the Superior* Court for trial, as Judge
Coffey announced that he would noi hear
it further.
ANOTHER SAD CASE.
Mrs. Emma Brown and Her Daugh
ter Catherine Mingle Their
Tears.
The case of the. guardianship of little
eight-year-old Catherine Brown, heiress
to considerable property, came up before
Judge Coffey late yesterday afternoon.
Some time ago letters of guardianship
were granteJ to J. C. Kane, and Attorney
Stoney attempted to have the order set
aside, as the mother, Emma Brown, a
widow, wishes to retain custody of her
daughter.
Attorney Sweeny contended that Mrs.
Brown is an unfit person to have the cus
tody of the little child, a beautiful girl of
about eight summers, with long black
ringlets falling gracefully about her shoul
ders.
The mother and daughter were in court
and mingled their tears in sorrow at the
prospect of being separated.
Judge Coffey said it appeared that the
mother signed the original petition.
Mr. Stoney thought this was a mistake
and promised to make an investigation.
Mr. Kane explained to the-couit that be
haii kept his ward in the Mount St. Joseph's
Asylum and that he had refined to let the
mother visit her daughter Sunday because
that is not the regular visiting day. He
was willing to let her visit the girl at
proper times.
The court could see no reason for chang
ing the original decision and confirmee
the letters of guardianship hitherto issued
to Mr. K>tne, but granted a stay of pro
ceedings for ten days.
This caused a misunderstanding on the
part of Mr. Kane, for as soon as he reached
the corn ■or ne attempted to take poses
sion of the child, as he thought it was nis
duty to do under ihe order ot the court.
Tne little girl shrank from his touch in
terror ana ran sobbing to her mother.
This led to a consultaiicn between Mr.
Kane and Mr. Stoney, and tLey linaily
returned to Judge Coffey's court, where
Mr. Kane asked if he was not entitled to
the immediate possessd n of .his ward.
"At the enu of ten days," replied Judge
Coffey. ''And you may find it requisite to
carefully watch tim movements of the
niother in the meantime, or the chiid may
disappear," be added.
Mrs. Brown and little Catherine stood at
the door ot tUe courtroom as if transfixed
with dread while listening to the worils of
fate, for the truth was borne in on them
as never before that a jndce sitting on his
bench has the power oi life and death over
his iellow-men; that he holds their fate in
his hands.
When assured that they had ten more
days in which they may enjoy their mu
tual companionship they JJett t the room the
two happiest mortals in San Francisco.
Kiitu's— Mme. AnnaE. Keith— Keith's.
808 Market, Paeian building, and 24
Kearny. Spring millinery opening, March
11. 12, 13, Thursday, Friday, Saturday
next. AH invited. Every one treated
alike. '"No cards." Our display is the
finest made, comprising all the latest
French shapes shown. Pattern bonnets,
pattern hats, fine mourning a specially.
Mme. Alma E. Keith, opening at both
stores, 808 Market — 24 Kearny st. Owing
to the blunders of the telephone company
I had mine taken out. Sen.i orders by mes
senger at my expense. Alma E. Keith. *
Starring an<t l>*ttp<-rat* Striken.
IBHPEMING, : Mich., March 6.— The
condition of the >tr.king miners in Nor
way is desperate. Two hundred families
are on the verge of starvation. The min
ers struck, two months ago. They asked
to be taken back, but were refused. oTiie
Miners' Union and local charities are un
able to cope wills the situation. " ■ V
- . .-• » — * — ■» - — : —
B cbn kttb Corn Cure. 327 Montgomery st. Ssc.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
ALLOTMENT PLAN
FOR UNEMPLOYED
Major Winchell of the Sal
vation Army Ex
plains It.
D. stric. and Special Committees
Do Some Rustling in
ths Rain.
Mayor Pbclan Will Shortly Inter
view Mr. Sutro R-garding the
Right-cf-Way Daed.
Major W. \V r . Winchell, tha superinten
dent of the Salvation Army Bccial depart
ment, has been very busy during the last
lew weeks perfecting the details of rhe
army allotment colonization scheme, by
means of which, it is expected, permanent
relief and a respectable livelihood will
ultiniaiely be assured to thesurpluspopu
lation of this and other California cities.
"Commander Booth-Tucker will be here
from the 18;h to the 23d," said the major
yesterday, "and on Monday, the 22d inst.,
will address a meeting at the Chamber of
Commerce and explain the details of the
scheme.
"The following evening he will address
an open social meeting at Metropolitan
Hall upon the same subject. He is just
now in Chicago on business connected
with the allotment plan, and will proceed
hence to Texas to inspoct some unoccupied
lands, which may prove suitable for a
colony. The citizens of Detroit have just
donated the armyj $60,000 worth of prop
erty, to be devoted to the colonization
project.. This is the most magnificent gift
we have received since the introduction of
the army into the United States.
"In order to put the allotment scheme
into operation, which we hope to do next
fail, certain preliminaries will have to b«
undertaken. Tho .plan I have adopted is
this:
"I have made arrangements with large
land-owners in Sonoma and Contra Costa
counties to put a large force of men to
work at once clearing extensive tracts of
thickly wooded land. I have a house al
ready on the Sonoma tract suitably fur
nished and capable of accommodating 100
men. The price of their board will be
ta.ien out in iuniber, which the army
guarantees to sell in the fall and realize
buflicient to pay to men $1 50 a cord, and
perhaps more. Ten men can cut ten
Cord 3of wood a day, which means $1 50
per man a day. The army will supply a
superintendent anu & cook.
"I expect to send out my first batch of
fifteen or twenty men on Tuesday, and in
the meantime I am selecting the most
worthy and capable among the uuein
ploypd.
"When the summer comes i shall have
no difficulty in hndiug additional work for
a large number on ranches, harvesting,
gathering fruit, etc. The farmers and
orcharoists whom I have interviewed
assure me that they will alway* give
American labor the preference, especially
if the army will ruate its if responsible
for the good behavior of the men.
"All tnis leads up to our colonization
scheme, which, as I have said, we hope to
put into operation next fall. The army
already owns a 300-acre farm in Contra
Costa County and I am considering other
offers of exiensive tracts suitable for such
purposes, one in particular of 17,000 acres
in Tehama County.
"Mow, with proper economy, a propor
tion, at least, of the men, who meanwhile
have been engaged in clearing these
woodrd lands already referred to, should
easily have $150 or $200 to their creuit by
next summer, and 1 propose to offer them
— if i hey are airreeable— ten acres of land
and so much lumber in lieu of a cash pay
ment. The unpjiid ba ance can he mude
good in rive years at a low rate of interest.
I believe that a house can be put up for
less than $100, If we have the mmber and
services of a capable master carpenter.
One hundred and fiity dollars, therefore,
would be ample to enable a family to
make a start of this kind, and with ordi
nary good management the cost of the
land shoul.i be entirely defrayed in a
year.
"The army, of course, will provide
proper instruction and supervision until
the colonists have paid for their holdings
and are sufficiently advanced to dispen-e
with both. We will also establish, a bank
Into which they can place their savings.
"We hope to establish 100 families in this
manner nrxi fall."
Three of the special and district rolief
committees were out in the rain yester
day, busily canvass-ing for subscriptions.
The committee composed of Lippman
Sachs, \Y. M. Bunker and H J. Crocfcer,
and ex-Mayor Ellen's committee, were
especially active and succeeded In raising
the fund'in the hands of Daniel Meyer to
$4112.
Circulars were sent yesterday to Super
intendent Ditrgett of the United States
Mintund to each of the principals of the
City schools, asking both the Mint em
ployes and the scho< Heachers to donate a
portion of their salary to the boulevard
fund.
The present inclement weather, though
It has undoubtedly interiered with the
work of the committees, has predisposed
the public to assist the unemployed by
accentuating the misery of the latter.
The only obstacle which it likely to pre
vent nn early commencement of work
upon the boulevard lies in ti.e conditions
contained in Mr. Sutro's deed conveying
thirteen acres of l«nd to the City south of
the park. Mayor Phelan finds some con
ditions in the Sutro deed which he hopes
Mr. Sutro will set aside, and he will confer
with Mr. Sutro and will then try to pre
vail upon him to eliminate these obnox
ious clauses.
Yesterday's rain seriously interfered
with the comfort of the men at the arm
ory. The commissariat wagon did not
make its customary number of rounds for
the good an.l sufficient reason that very
few of the members of the organization
are sufficiently weii-shod to brave tne
fury of the elements. However, several
acceptable contributions were received in
the course of ihe day, among such being:
One hundred loaves of bread, ten porndg of
Caimy, fiity pounds of cornbails find a small
case of etjgs from W. S. Townsena, 627 Martiet
street ; eiK&t bundles ol clothing, containing
twenty suits of underclothing, shirts, 00l ars
and undershirts irom "Uncie Jacob's"; two
Diindlos oi clothing, from Mrs. Korn, 538
Minnn street; groceries from Mrs. Fred Killop
and, K. J. ShroeJor of Filimore §tret»t; liny
pounds of beet from S. P. Hicks of the Bouuo
mitrkei; two sacks of flour, two boxes of toma
toes, saci of vegetables, twenty-five pounds of
bacon, two sacks of bread, and $10 CH.sh lroia
the ban Franti&co Trades and Labor Council.
The family relitf committee once more
calls attention to tli • need of shoes of
every description, pants and undercloth
ing. The committee yesterday acted on
the Erady case at 605 Pine street. The
landlord, whose peculiarly inappropriate
name is Lovely, was determined to. eject
both man and wife unless a portion of the
ient were forthcoming. The committee
provided temporary accommodation for
Mr. and Mrs. Brady at 664)4 Howard
street. Mr. Brady, it may be added, is
bedridden.
Greor is an old man of 55 residing at
410J4 Valencia street. His wife was
striken quite recently and is suffering
from a complication of ailments. The
family have no money, nothing to eat, no
fuel and cannot pay the r^-nt. Greer
called at the prmory yesterday, and in
ppite of his years accomplished a good
day's work and subsequently carried a
sack of coke and a supply of provisions all
the w*y to his home on Valencia street.
Mrs. Cahillof 353 Dora street haa four
children, one of whom is at the point of
death as the result of diphtheria. These
are only a few of the cases that have re
ceived atsention at the hands of the com
mittee, but with the best will in the world
that body can do very little with the scant
resources at its disposal.
The organization generally appeals to
the charitable for donations in tv« shape
of canvas to place at the bottom of the
sleeping bunks and quilts and Dlankets,
new or old. Deprived of th»se necessaries
the men are frequently obliged to lie down
in their damp clothes at the imminent
ri^lc oi contracting disease.
Last night's concert at the California
Theater and the baseball game to-day
have interfered somewhat with the sale of
tickets for the benefit entertainment at
the Auditorium on Tuesday evening, but
the men wiil make another effort 10 get
rid of the balance in the interim.
Discussing the dollar a day proposition
of me citizens' relief committee, one of
the in»moers of the family relief commit
tee thus expressed himself yesterday:
"Any man who will aslc another to work
for less than he himself is w lling to realize
as a profit on the sale of his goods, if he
be a merchant, has no piace in a com
munity where a semblance of justice pre
vails."
PERSONAL NO i£S
Richard Butler of Now York is in town.
J. M. Stevenson of Glendale is at the Palace.
Laura Millard of New York is at the l'alace.
. Dr. I). P. Tooley of Willows is at the Grand.
Charles T. Llndsey of Vlsalia Is on a visit
here.
J. L. Fisher of Prescott, Ariz., arrived here
yesterday.
J. H. Walker of Bait Lake, sou of the well
known banker, Is at the Palace.
Ex-Delegate to Congresa A. M. Cannon of
Utah, accompanied by Mrs. Cannon, arrived
here yesterday from their home In Ogden and
went, south for a short stay. Mr. Cannon is
one of the leading Mormons of Utah and long
represented the Territory at Washington.
Butler* Extradition Asked For.
WASHINGTON, D. C. March 6.-Ap
plication from th« British embassy for
the extradition of Frank Butler, accused
of many murders in Australia, was re
ceived at the Department of State to-day.
The warrant will probably be issued.
.i»i \t-ii.
• SATCROAY, March 6.
. Bark B P Cheney, Haskali, 8 days frm Tacoma
via claUnm Bay days; 3703 tons coal, to south
Pralr Coal Co; 200 tons coal, 100 M lumber. '
to BJi Peterson. •■:': ....;.-....::.,.,•;, -.
•'.' ■ ■'■ : "s\;; ••.-."■>■ ••■■. tmßm*. :■■ ■ ■'■'''
■-. ' SATURDAY. March 6.
' Sttnr Coqullle River, Paton. Grays Harbor. •
- bcarM.uro, Jorgenson, Uoqullle K.ver. ■
Domestic Ports.
DBAli— Sailed Mar 6— S:mr Newsboy, for Mon-
ter*» . •:-■—-■• ■■- -• --..-;■- :■ _•- . ■..,.^.— .
.' FORT BRAGG— Sailed Mar 6— Stmr Noyo, for
Kan Fran isco. ■'■■-''. . . • >•
coos BAY— Soiled Mar 0— Sunn Empire and
Arcata, for San Francisco.
THE SINGLE TAX
IN NEW ZEALAND
Consul Connolly Says Its
Success Has Been
Proved.
First Law Passed During a
. Period of Deep Depres
sion in '91.
N w Manufactories Are Running Full,
Paying Grod W.gs and Pros
perity Is G;teral.
John D. Connolly is Consul to New Zea
land, the land that sia,zle-taxers point to
as tlieir object lesson. He was appointed
by- President Cleveland in his first term.
He was not displaced by Harrison and
; was reappoinied l>y Cleveland. He has,
there ore, been Id position durn» all the
period that has seen the adoption of that
system of taxation which makes the near
est approach to that advocated by Henry
George.
Mr. Connolly has watched the move
ment with interest and id his report of
April, 1894, he records his observations
and conclusions concerninj its operations
and eftects. That report so quickened the
interest in the subject that his time and
energy have been severely taxed in
responding to a deluge of inquiries from
prospective immigrants, social reformers
and men of all conditions who were in
terested.
Not only that, but the department at
Washington lias been subjected to a sim
ilar strain, insomuch that it was forced to
call upon Mr. Connolly for a supplemental
report, giving further information and
carrying his observations on the same
iin?s down 10 the present lime. Tbis re
port has just been received and published
by the Treasury Department. It contains
much matter of mccv interest, especially
at this time, when the legislatures of rive
Stales, including California, are consider
ing amendments to the constitution look
inc to the adoption of the single tax.
The policy in New Zealand was inaugu
rated by John Ballance, who became
Premier in 1891. He was a man of great
ability and firmness and succeeded iti
winning public confidence to such an ex
tent that, as Mr. Connolly says, any
measure that he proposed was invariably
anopted. Prior to the passage of the first
act introduced by Ballance the country
had passed through a series of years of
the severest industrial depression, suc
ceeding a period of wild speculation, due
to the extravagant and wasteful expendi
ture of millions of money in building rail
roads and other improvements for which
there was no real demand and for which
the time had not com*'.
By the act of 1891 all personal property
and borne improvements were exempted
irom taxation. Two years later the act
was amended exempting all improve
ments. li\ thi» way a change in the inci
dents of taxation was effected from a land
personal property and improvement tax
to a land improvement tax.
This change Mr. Connolly says is now
generally admitted to be a "beneficial
step," "was made with satisfactory re
iqlts," and altogether "demonstrated the
wisdom of abulisliing the improvement
tax."
.Referring to the manner in which this
legislation was at first received he saya:
Of course, as might naturally have been ex
pected, a cry ot alarm went up, and this class
oi legislation was condemned far and wide as
being revolutionary and un-English, and
those who favored such laws were denounced
as "socialists" and "spoliators." Be this as it
may, me people adhered to their sealed pol
icy, and the hand ot ihe clock has not been
turned back as yet— the course ot legislation
still goes on.
And further on-he says:
Now, however, the people are rapidly begin
ning to realize the beneficial effects of the new
era that' had been inaugurated a few years
back and are becoming reconciled to the in
novations they were wont to condemn hereto
fore. .
And rgain :
The wisdom of the alteration in the inci
dence of taxation from land and personal
proporiy to land and income tax has now been
fully demonstrated.
Both me press and the people eeem recon
ciled to tiie present Fystem, but it hus taken
some time for the wealthy and well-to-do gen
erally to cease their opposition to the new
conditions.
Labor is relieved from taxation, except In
the matter of customs duties, toward which all
have to contribute.
In New Zealand the land and income tax is
now popular; it is accepted in lieu of tho
property tax; it is a success.
Speaking of the beneficial effects of this
legislation he says:
With the abolition of the property and im
provement tax for" state purposes improve
ments have improved very largely all over the
colony.
That the legislative innovations of tho im
mediate past u&vt) sbocked the sensibilities 01
a iarge number of well-to-do colonists is un
questionably true, but at the same time, as
against any inconvenience tin-y may lihve ex
perienced on this aci ount, there is the lact of
increased prosperity in nearly every branch of
trade ai.d industiia. life throughout the coun
try, Jarm produc.s are fetcniug satisfactory
prices, manufacturing industries are running
full time and paying good wages and lair in
ter-st on the capital invested, labor is remu
neratively employed. Interest on money has
lallen from 6 and 7 per cent to 4 ai.d 5 rer
cent (this of itself is sufficient to prove that
money is abund.tnt). Millions of En*riis:i cap
ital are flowing in ior the development of the
gold fields oi the colony and the creait oi the
country at no period of its history stood so
high on tiie English market as U does to-day.
1 may also mention tnai through, thegenu*
me encouragement given by the Government
to ihe small-i.irmer class the waste lands of
the country are being rupidly tRKen up
wherever lnnd is found suiUb c for farming or
grazing purposes.
John Ballance did not live to see the
beweticia. results of the legislation which
he inaugurated, but his memory is held
in grateful remembrance, and the work he
began has been carried forward by his fol
lowers, though not with that force and
ability that he would have brought to its
execniion.
Tlie recent lpgislation is more distinctly
single tax than that which has preceded
it. Consul Connolly in speaking of the
"new local bodies rating act on unim
proved values, passed July 10. 1896," the
last revenue act of the colony, says: "This
act should Elad'len the heart of the
average Single-tuxer' for the reason that
it goes a lons way iti that direction."
In his official roport he pays the single
taxers the compliment of attributing to
their persistent and well-directed efforts
the enactment of this important measure,
saying:
There are a large nura ber of single- tax advo
cates in tbe'oolony wno have been for a con
siderable time endeavoring to get some such
measure pas ed as a sort of entering wedge or
prelude to a more comprehensive scheme of
single tux, and I believe 1 am right in saying
it is to their persistent advocacy the passage of
this measure is maiuly attributed.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Initials— J. J. O'L., City. This department
is unable to tell the meaning ol "W. A. c. V."
on a lapel button.
The School Fund-J. J. O'L., City. The
Bchool fuud ot the Stnte of Caliiornia is used
exclusively for the public schools.
Mme. Melba.— J. M«i City. Mtuc. Melba waa
born tn Melbourne, Australia. She first ap
peared in America December 4, 1893.
Freckles— N. N., City. There are a number j
of remedies that are said to be excellent for
the removal of freckles, but this department
cannot advertise such. You nad better con
sult a ph sieian.
Kickapoo— E. G. S., Livermore, CaL Kicka
poo is of Indian origin and means smooth,
without raptds or obstruction, and is applied
to rivers. It is also the name of a tribe of
Nortn American Indians.
General Weylkr— E. g. S., Livermore, Cal.
If ii i» Urn Bpnnisn prou uncia-iion of the name
of ihe general that you wish it is as if written
Wey-ialr; if the English pronunciation it is
\Vei-;er, "ci" having the sound the same as in
weigU.
Counting in Casino— a. O S., City. The rule
for counting in casino is cards, spades, big
casino, lit tii- casino, ace and sweep. This de
partment does not decide questions in cards,
but furnishes tho ru e of the games aud thesd
cau be applied to the cases.
The Revenue Office— L. 8., Ci;y. The In
terunl Revenue Office is under civil service
rules. O. M. vveiborn, the present Collector
for the First District of Callforn a, took charge
of the office November 30, 1893; Ms official
bond is $100,000 and nis salary is $4500.
The Robinson Bequest— a S., City. The
Finance Committee oi tue Board of Super
visors and the Mayor have the control of the
Robinson btqOMt At a stated time trie money
on JiKtid for distribution is divided among
cnarltie-, and a certain portion is distributed
by tiie Mayor to deserving applicauts. All ap
plications ate tiled at the office of the Mayor.
The Universities- E. R., Oakland, Cal.
Tuition in the University of California at
Berkeley and in th« Inland Stanford Univer
sity at Palo Alto Is frc, but in each there it a
fee- charged for use of materials in the labor
atories. At the Berkeley University there is
also a diploma lee.
Civil Service Examination— W. H. G., City.
To taie an examiuat.on und-er the civil service
rules the applicant must be a citizen of the
United States. For Information -about the
dates of examinations anJ tiie requirements
call at the office of th-* secretary oi tne Civil
Service Boaru in this City, wliich is Ideated in
the ofliee of the secretary to the Postmaster in
the iostotflce building.
Holographic Will— C. City, On the sub
ject of wills, section 1277 of the Civil Code of
the State of California Kays :
• ■ An holographic will Is one that Is entirely
written, dated and signed by the band of the testa
tor. it Is subject to no other form, and ma. T.i •
made in or out of this State, and need not be wit
nessed.
Such a will may be proved in the same man
ner as other private writings.
Botanical Names— E. G. BL, Livermore, Cal.:
The common names of the steteromelea ar
butifolia of California are toyon, Chrisimas
berry tree and California holly. Toyon If the
best name, Caliiornia is not a good one. Tne
herb daucus pusillus, winch grows in Cali
fornia, is said to be aw antidote for the bite of
the rattlesnake, 'i here is no common name iOr
tne orihocurpus huerilobus. borne species oi
the oruioearpus are called "owl's ciowr."
Nit— E. G. S., Livermore, Cal. "Nit" was
originally applied to that wnlch stings, but
subsequently it was applied as the designation
of the egg of a louse and oi a smaller iuseot.
Ot late it has been used as a slang word to sig
nify "r.o' 1 or "nothing." In that sense it is a
contraction of the German word "nicht,"
which means "not," aud "nichts." Som« con
tend that it is ironi the Low German "nit,"
which ii tue pronunciation lor "nothing" in
that language.
To Recover Wages— "Young Fellow," City.
If your employer is i.ideoted to you for wages
and does not pay you your remedy is to sue
him, and if, as you say, you are without money
to commeucu an action, there is a provision of
law which allows you to appear in the Justice
Court and ninke oath that you art* without
means to proceed in the matter. Upon that
showincjhe court Will issue the proper capers
aud compei the employer to appear and show
cause why he does not pay your claims.
The Moom in February— S. W., City. Yes,
there was one year in wnich there was no full
moon in February. That was Jn 1866 In
that year January and March each nad two
full moons, but February had none. A writer
in an astronomies', journal about that time
wrote as follows; "Do you realize what a rare
thing in nature that wa«? It has not hap
pened before since Hie beginning of the Chris
tian era, or probably since Hie creation of the
world. It will not occur again, according lo
the lomputntions of the astronomer of Knr
land for 2,500,000 years from 1866."
XEW TO-DAf
WHAT MANLY POWER DOES.
It makes your life happy, because it makes you feel that the great
est of nature's gifts has been preserved by you. V
It makes your nerves strong and gives you the sensation of true*
manhood. It makes you a power among men, because they recognize
in you a superior type of man. : . V ;;-f
'.:'• It is worth while being a strong man, because not one in ten is
really, and truly free from the effects of habits formed in youth.
The man who is lacking in vital force is only half a man. He lacks
confidence in himself he is confused in ideas and slow of brain; his
sleep is unrefreshing, back weak, heart weak; he is really on the verge
of nervous collapse half the time, and' easily 1 ; gives way to temptations
and excesses; he is the man who needs such a remedy as
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Made and perfected for the care of weak men. In this it brings health
and happiness to all men who have wasted' the force of manly energy.
"Electricity is Life" to such men, and this famous Belt is the spring
from which all men may drink new power. V'
Manly Strength Restored.
' SAN FRANCISCO, December 28, 1806.
• DR. A. vT. SANDEN— Dear Sir: A few months ago I purchased one of your
strong power Belts for vital and sexual weakness, disease of the kidneys and pain in
the back. i was suffering from pain to such an extent that I could not work and
could hardly sit down. The Belt has completely cured ! the pain and . the kidney
trouble and restored my manly strength entirely. 1 would not -be without the Belt
under any circumstances. Yours truly, :
CHARLES FORREST, 310 Twelfth street
■ Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is not an experiment. Cures like the
above have been reported daily for years. It is a positive cure for all
nervous troubles, whatever the cause. Why- do you not save the
money you pay. the doctors for three months' treatment and try some-
thing new ? Drugs are old and have proven useless for such troubles.
. It will. make you strong; it will steady your nerves and check all
waste of ; power in r thirty days. Its full force is directed to the weak
parts and the effect is magical. Cures of the worst cases are made in
two months. -rv :^'^^ \ . , ' ."
HAVE YOU SEEN IT?
If not, call and examine this wonderful Belt. Test the powerful
current it gives and see how easily regulated it is. Don't be ignorant
of a remedy which may correct all the past mistakes and assure you
future happiness. Don't delay ;, act now. Get the book "Three
\ Classes of Men," sealed, free. . Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.^i'SGiti &■&££
i ■'■. Office Hours — A. -M. to 8 P. M. ; eundays, U> to L. Los ArwoiCH Oittca 204 touta Broa<J-
w«y; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver, Cola, 933 Sixteenth street. . .
* " iiO'lJt.— Alake do mistake m tne iiuiuLer-SSS Market street. ■:■ Make note of it." ■'■•■
; OK, SAGOO'S ELECTRIC TRU39 CUKES RUPTUKK.
NEGLECTED, BUT HOPEFUL
People on the Mission Road Are
Moving to Secure Im- .
provements.
Mission F.v:-Mi c Improvement Club
Met Last Night and Voted for
Progress.
Mission road, one of the oldest thor
oughfares out of the City, is the last to
receive official recognition at the hands of
i the City authorities. ...
This is the complaint of the residents
and property-owners on that road, as ex
pressed at a meeting of. the Mission Five-
Mile Improvement Club herd at Liguri
Hall, last might.m ight. Mud several feet deep,
with an 1 oveitlow of sand and rock which
was washed down from the many cuts and
gullies on"the A south side of the road,
showed, that the complaint is not un
founded; ■ .- ",•,■. v - .
Dr. E. X. Torello presided at tne meet
ing. He said that something would have
to be done by the club to awaken the City
authorities to the absolute necessity of
putting Mission road in a passable condi
tion. As it is, there is neither gas, water,
po ice protection nor protection against
tire.
There was not even an alarm box within
two miles of Lisuri Hall, which is about,
the renter of the inhabitable section.
Ths excuse offered by :hs Supervisors
when spoken to about tho neglect of the
section is, "Shortness of funds."
Dr. lorello considered ihis worse than
no excuse. The people have been paying
taxes into ihe City Treasury for the past
fur; y years upon acres of laud and ur>on
considerable psr«onai property. Yet,
they h >ye their streets in a virgin condi
tion instead of any attempt to have them
improved.
These remarks were coincided in by the
members present.
The committee on streets reported that
it bad petitioned the Supervisors to repair
the bridge over Mission Creek, so that
the proper grade could be established pre
paratory to having the roadway payed
with bitumen; also that hydrants be
placed along re line of the road from
College Hill to Ocean View, and that the
Spring Valley Water Company be re
quested to place mains over the same.
A motion w;i- carried that the Super
visors be requested to grada and pave
Brazil avenue from Paris to Munich
streets, a distance ot five blocks.
F. J. Gilfeather moved that the Super
visors recommend an ularrn-box be placed
at the junction of Mission street and Sil
ver avenue. And also that the Market
street Railroad Company be requested to
erect a shed at the same place for the ac
commodation of the public, who are now
compelled to stand in the mud and rain
while waiting for a car. Both proposi
tions were uiianimousiy adopted.
Secretary M. H. Levy offered a motion,
which prevailed, that the pas company be
requested to put mains along Mission
street.
It is the intention of the Five- Mile Im
provement Club to have the Mission road
attendPd to in the near future.
The following are the ciub officers:
Dr. E. N. Torello, president; H. E. Doyal,
vice president; M. H. L a vy, recording secre
tary; F. J. Oilfeather, financial secretary; R.
Cereghino, treasurer; executive committee,
K. Euzeliu, I. Herzog, £. Lew is, William Loege
maun.
Urifanni* Him the Prix d'Uonneur.
TOULON, France, March 6.— The raci»
for the Prix d'Uonneur, three times
around an eight-mile triangular course,
had two starters, the Ailsa end Britannia,
the .Prince of Wales, the owner of the
Britannia, beins on board. The race was
won by the Britannia by thr c and a Lalf
minutes.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BTTSINESB OFFICE of the San FranclsooCALlr^ j
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery itreet,
«>rnerClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
015 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'docic
fciW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opea
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
ISOS Polk street: onen nn ;1 9:30.
"
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST CHURCH OP CHRIST, SCIEN-
tE^ usl— Services at 11 a.m. in Beethoven Hall.
536 Post »t.. cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons: subject. -Spiritual Guidance." Sunday-
school for children at the same hour." science
nnd Health" Study Thursday at 8 P. M. in Mystic
Hall, 320 Post st. All are welcome.
»-» FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
Br^ southeast corner of I ost and Mason sts.—
Rev. George C. Adams, D.D . pastor, will preach
morninc and evening. Morninz service, 11 a. m. :
theme "The Cross." Communion and reception
of members. Evening service, 7:30 p. M.; theme,
"Powers That May lie Los: Forever." The pas-
tor's Bible class immediately after tie morn
service. Sunday-school at 12:45 P. M. V. V. S.
c. E. at 6:30 p. m. Samuel D. Mayer, organist
iiud musical director. IK*»rWn
j»Eis» CONGREGATIONALCHURCh j
IS^& Fifteenth St.. near Mission— Rev. William
Ruder, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. (-Object,
••The Conversion in the Chariot." Services at
7:30 p. m; the rastor will preach on "Supersti-
tion." Music by chorus choir under the direction
of William C. sstadtfeld. All are cordially Invited.
■^=5= PLYMOUTH CONG RATIONAL
&3? Church, Post St.. near Webster— Regular
services at 11 a m. and 7p. m. Prea. bins by Pro-
fessor C. s. Nash of the Pacific Theological semi-
nary, Oakland.
gp-— jp CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
B-5S' corner of Geary and Powell sts.— Rev. John
Hempbill, D. D.. pastor. Services at 11 a. M. and
7:30 p.m. Evening topic. -Watchman, What of
the Night?" Morning music: "Te. Deum" in F
(Schilling); offertory, "Rejoice the Heart of Thy
Servant," solo and quartet (Southard). Evening
music: "Jubilate Deo" in A flat (i umob): offer-
tory, "Hark. Hark My Soul" (Shelly). All are
cordially invited.
mzzg* THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH,
W^ SW.COK Geary and Franklin sis. — Rev. Dr.
Stebblns, minister. The Sunday-school is at 9:45.
Bible-class conducted by Rev. Samuel Slocombe.
The morning service Is at 11 o'clock. All are
cordially invited. The evening service is omitted.
&-¥=• THE SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH,
SSs* cor. Twentieth and Lapp sis.— A. J. Wells,
pastor. Rev. li. 11. Lincoln of Boston will preach !
at 11 A. M. ; subject. "Divine Guidance." Mr.
Wells, at 7:45, will discuss Browning's "Pippee
Passes." Sunday at 9:4.1 a. m. Tuesday
eveniug. Unity Cluo lecture, by Professor Griggs;
subject, "Spiritual Fun. tiom of Modern Poetry."
Tickets 25c. Pastor's residence is 924 Valencia st.
BJ^S= TRINITY M. E. CHURCH. CORNER
CPjS' Sixteenth and Market sts.— Rev. F. F.
Jewell, pastor. Services morning 11 o'clock:
evening 7:30. Sunday-school 12:30 p.m.: John
livar. suienntendenL The pastor will preach j
morn ng and evening. Morning subject, "Holi- ;
ness, True and False." Evening prelude, "Man-
ners at Home." Evening topic for seimon, "The
Gous on 1 rial." All are cordially invited to
attend. Seats free. Pastor's residence, 5631 Six- i
teenth st.
&sS=> FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH,
&<»' Twelfth st.. . bet. Howard and Mission-
Frank S. Ford, pastor. Sunday-school, 9:30 A. m.
Sermon 11 a. m., subject. "All in Christ." Y. P. i
S. i.e., 6:30 p. M. Sermon 7:45 p. M., "Can We
Know We Are Saved seats free. ail welcome. !
Wt^S* FIRST NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH I
ffi-j>' (Swedenborgtan). O'Farrell street, above i
Webster— P,ev. D. V. Bowen, pastor. Services at ■
11 a. m. only; text. "The Unjust steward." All I
seats are free and ".he public is coidialiy invited. !
Fres swedenborgiau Library. Saboath-school at i
10 a v.
■r^= SEVENT H - D A V ADVKNTIRT J
E?^ Church, 914 Laguna st., bet. McAllister and i
Golden Gate —Eider K. E. Anuross, pastor; j
residence, 407 Octavia st. Services: sabbath (■Sat-
urday), 9:45 a. m., Sabbatb-scbool: 11 o'clock,
preachma. Special services 7 :30 each evening at
1049 Market st. Subjeits for the week, "The Fall
of Babyion, or The Condition of the Popular
Churches"; "The Great Day of ihe Lori."
•■The Closing Work." The public cordially in-
vited to all these services. seats free.
Bt^g" SWEDENBOKO MISSION SOCIETY.
wS^& Washington Hall. Bed Men's building. 320
Post St., bet. Stockton and Powell — Rev. J. *.
David, pastor. Service at 11 a. m. Subject of ser-
mon, "Destruction of Children by the Pears."
Written questions answereo. A ll are invited.
E£~S» ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM, MASON |
W*& and Ellis sts.— Address this (Sunday) after- |
noon. 3 o'clock, by Rev. HaskettMnilhof London: j
subject, -Jerusalem and the Tomb of Our Savior."
Services open to both ladles ana gentlemen. The
public invi.ed.
B^3p THE CHURCH OF CHRIST AND
(535' Gosi.el of Love, Scottish Hall.— Practical
Bible study, 10 a. m.: "The Power of Love to
Save," 11 a. »c.; testimonies and healing of the
sick follow each service; no collection. Dr. A. P.
Truesdell, pastor; Mrs. E. S. Trusd 11, teacher.
t£sS* GOSPKL HALL, 832 HOWARD ST.,
Br<& bet. Fourth and Fifth— Special meeting con-
ducted by evangelists W. J. McClure and D. I
Munro. Bible reading at 3 o'clock Sunday after- !
noon. Gospel meeting at 7:45 o'clock in the even- j
inc. Bible reading continued Monday and Tues- i
day at 7:45. All cordially invited. Bring your ,
Bible.
tt^g= METROPOLITAN TEMPLK, SUNDAY
Bu-Sr evening, 8 o'cl> ck. Preaching on "The" i
Coming of Our Lord Jesus Christ," by an evangel-
ist of tte Catholic Apostolic Church. Admission
free.
If^S* THE TH EOSOPHICAL SOCIETY—
9r~& Rev. H. Dharmapala, the noted Buddhist
priest, will lecture to-night lit 8 o'clock, in the
main hail. Native Son*' building. 414 Mason sU
subject, "Buddhistic and Branmanical transcen-
dental Science." silver collect .on at the door.
|p-£= SAN FRANCISCO THEOSOPHICAL
Bf~-^ Society— Free public lecture to-nig:it at :
Academy of Sciences Hall. 819 Market St., at !
8 o'clock: "I Said to Myself." by Dr. J. A. Ander-
son.
Notice OF MEETINGS.
BtsS> MOUNT MORIAH LODGE NO. m
CF-i5 r 44, F. and A. M.— Officers and mem-
bert are requested to assemble at the tem-^5? 2X.
pie THIS DAY (Sunday), at 2 p. m.. fortbe/^r>
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother, THOMAS DILLON Me X a. By
order of the W. M. THISO. FROLICH. Sec.
B^s=« WILDEY ENCAMPMENT NO.» *
»>* ? 23. I. O. O. F.— Officers and meniberB*\^
are requested to assemble at I. O. O. F. XX
building THIS SUNDAY, March 7, at 1:15^ \.
T. it., for the purpose of attending- the funeral of
our late Patriarch, T. D. McKENNA.
T. R. MORSE, Scribe.
WPS" SPARTAN LODGE NO. 125, -yyiiffl"'!-. ■
Ur^£r I. O. O. F.-Onicer* anl meni-^g?^^,
bers.pli ase take notice, thai the Grand -dSaIJKSp
Master will pay an official visit, to the -^m^-
lodge on March 10. Visiting brothers cordially
invi:ed. C. H. DESROSIEU, N. O.
• T. C. Leabv. Secretary.
B^3p YEI'.BA BUENA LODGE S»flaLZ*»
l^^ No. 15, I. O. O. F.— Officers and .£*!Fs*sXii
members will assemble in Memorial
Hfll, I. O. O. P. building, SUNDAY, •^JTIIT^"
March 7. 1897. at 1:15 p. if. for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our late brother. T. D
AIcKEN-.A. M. S. FFERS JR., N. G.
Gkorge L. I'KRHAM RfC Sec
g^g» THE OFFICERS AND :—=-■. _—
*»-*' members 01 Hartnagel Su- Vjgffi JSjAP
freme Arch Chapter No. .1, U. A. V^-IESSW
D . are hereb>- notified to attend XT^i^S/ ■
a special meeting in their hall on VSJKJ7
SUNDAY. March 7. 1897, at 1 X§rJ/
o'clock p. m. for the purpose of \&
attending . he funeral of our late »
brother, ,irch Druid 1. D. JicKKNNA.
ALBERT S. HALL, Chief Druid.
John Button, Secretary.
1J235» GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 3. 3*.
&-£? K. of P.— Members are requested to»_ jU,
assemble at lodgeroum SUNDAY, at l*%Kj£»
o'clock, 10 attend the funeral of our la e^^jj!^
brother, T. D. McK.'.NNA: will proceed n* ma-
sonic Temple where ceremonies will be held.
B. SCHIFi-, C. C.
F. A. Jlkcrkady, K. of R. and S.
m>s&> THE OFFICE AND MEMBERS^- .
063? of yin Grove, No. 16, if. A. O. 1) . f*rW
are hereby no.itied to attend a special mcc r -Eflf
ing at their hail on SUNDAY, March 7, at 1
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother. Past Arch 1. D. Mc-
X ENN A. EMIL OLIVER, N. A.
John Hdttok, retary.
BJ^g= ANNUAL MKKTINO — THEm,j»
aris? regular annual meeting of the stock- S*%[
holders in the A. o. F. Hall Association of jf\
San Francisco ill be held in Excelsior
Hall. A. O. F. building, 102 O'Farrell si., San
Francisco. Cal.,on SATURDAY, the 13. day of
March, 1897, at. 7:30 p. m.
JOHN jiE \I)ERSON, Presiuent.
J. Faixonkk, Secretary
fTP A MEETING OF ST. P'ATRlCK'Sav^f^,
Ur~~& day convention of 1817 will be\\wJf
held at K. R. h. Hall, Mason and O'Far- "« fl
rell sts., on SUNDAY. March 7, at 2:3Uc^V^
F. H. All Irish-American. National, mill- »^C£
lary, benevolent, literary and social organizations
are requested to send five del-gates each. Ex-offi-
cers of former conventions, grand marshals, ora-
tors an I pi ets are entitled to seats in the conven-
tion. By order JOHN MULHERN, President.
J. J. Moban, J-ecretary.i ...
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIKTY OK PROGKESSIVE SPIRITUAL-
O ists Ht Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin st., i-unday,
March 7. at 7:30 p. M. speaKer, Mrs. it. 8. Millie
of Boston, Mass. : y subject. --Bible Medlumsbip,
the Cornerstone of Modern Spiritualism." Mrs. J.
J Whitney will follow with her wonderful plat-
form tests; music by Mr. anl Mrs. Liilie; admis-
sion 10c, .... . -.-■.. • ■ '■* ■
11 A. NCE TO-NIGHT; MRS. EGGERT AIT-
O KEN; also Tnuraday eve.; 25c. 320 McAllister.
• SUNDAY MEETINGS— Continued;"
PROFF.SSO : FRKD EVANS. THE WORLD-
renowned slniewrl will deliver a lectur» on
Spiritualism, tcience, ; eligion and Msteriallun,
to be lolloweil by experiments in . psychogruphy,
or Inuejiendent slate-wntlnjr, under i bolutely
crucial test conditions, in Got en Hate Hall, Sui-
ter st., on Sunday evening next, March 14. Re-
served seats can be obtained for 25c at the office of
Professor Evans, 1242 McAllister st. ;
nOT MARKET-FIRST I'ROGUK^SIVE HPlR-
fit) I itual Church, 11 A. M. test developing cir-
cle; 2 P. M tests to all, Mr. llanse-i, Mrs. Dun-
ham. Henderson, Meda, Soeklns; » p. M., tests,
Jkiessrs. Owen. Waters, Luhrs, Mrs. Dunham. Fell-
| per, Gill and others- Monthly entertainment Mon-
i day evening, March 8, at 8 o'clock: admit. 10c.
R. EDWARD K. EA RLE, THE GREAT IN-
dependent s ale-writer and ten medium, has
just arrived from Los Angeles, afte? a sue ces:-ful
engagement topacKed houses, and will appear at
Metiopolitan Temple next Sunday. March 14. In
his marvelou-i tests: a few seats will -be. reserved.
Call at 330 Ellis st.
A DIES AND GENTLEMEN WISHING TO
J sing in the i.rand Chorus, March 1 7th, evening
of St. Patrick's Day, at Mechanics' Pavilion, please
.all or address J. W. McKENZIfc., Musical Di-
rector, 624 Eddy st.
AKLANO PSYCHICAL SOCIETY. FRA-
ternai Hall, Washington st. — At 3p. m. the Boy
Orator will lecture. At «p. m. Professor L' veland
will lecture. On Monday evening Mrs. Llllie will
lecture inspirationally and Mrs. Liilie willing in-
spiring soups.
I A T DR. RfN-KS' SPIRITUAL SOCIETY", 909
I -±\. Market st ; 11 a. m., 2 and 8 r M , trtitt. Mrs.
! Sealey, Dunham and others. Doctor's office 1236
j Market su ; 10 to 6 P. M.
TEST MEETING 2 P. M.: 10c: WASHINGTON
X Hall, 35 EJdy St.; 8 P. M.. 335 McAllister st-:
Stitt, Clemens; others; skeptics iuvited.
■\|ETROPOLITAN TEMPLE— 3 O'CLOCK.—
11l Ex-Priest Ruthven speaks on ''shall Rome
Rule A merica?" Silver collection at the door.
C iIANSEN'S CIRCLE 11 A.M.; MEET-
JC. HaNSEN'S CIRCLE 11 A.M.; MEET-
. ing 7:30 p. m. ; skeptics invited. 107 Fifth su
MRS. MAYO STEERS, 112% OAK; CIRCLE
Tuesday, Bp. m., Thurs., 2p. M.: readings 1.
DBHIP HALL TO-NIGHT; 826McaUis-
-1 ter: Mrs. Meyer; tests to all; skeptics invited,
MRS. MAXWELL COLBY, 122V a OAKS!'.;
sittings dally: circles Saturday evenings.
V.MILLH.R. ETHE REALIZING, MATERI-
• aifzing seance Bp. v.: 50c. 535 Post su
ME. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT,
10c 418 McAlli-ter st. : convincing tests.
SPECIAt. NOTICES.
i Br~s= BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3: COL-
-1 »-js' lections, city or country; rates reasonable.
Co umbian Law & Col. Agency. W. L. HARPER.
| Manager, fifth floor, 101 Sansomest. Tel. M 1519.
■^5K= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR «4:
Et^ rollertion3 made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st., room 6: tel. 6580.
■r"S= DR. BAZI-.T REMOVED FROM PHE-
!t^ lan buildine to 908<;«ary st.: t"l. East 357.
I
SITUATIONS AVA.NTED-rEMALE.
TVTUMBKB OF GERMAN AND SWEDISH
'IN Kiria awaitinc situations a 1 MRS. HIRD'S,
! 721 illisst. ; telephone suiter 52.
COMPETENT COOK \\'l>HFS SITUATION
V in nice family. Call or address 920 O'Farrell.
OSITION AS GOVKRNKSS BY EXPEkI-
POSITION AS GOVERNESS BY EXPKKI-
e need teacher of English or to take charge in
! an institution. 1221 Mission st.
I TTTOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
{ 11 washing, housecleanin::; good laundress. 632
I LiDden aye., near Octavia St.
I 0 GIRLS WOULD LIKE TO TAKE A PLACE
i £t together; one as cook and one to do ups.airs
\ work. R. G., box 69, Call Office.
GIRL STUDENT WOULD LIKE WORK DUR-
vJ" Ing forenoint; cleaning house, office or halls
j preferred. Address A. G., box 136, Call Office. .
/COMPETENT COOK, SPEAKING GERMAN
\J and English; good musician; win assist light
housework and able to take ch»rge of children.
Call or address M. S. E. , 136 -ixth st.
/COMPETENT WOMAN TO DO GENERAL
V' housework: good cook and laundress; 2 years'
reference; city or country. 3377 Twenty-sixth,
near Mission.
yOUX« GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X light housework or take care of children. Ad-
dress E. E., box 76, Call Office.
\\r ANTED— A POSITION AS BOOKKEEPER
; 11 or cashier by a young lady recently from the
j East, having 7 years' experience in Boston mar-
{ kets. Address Bookkeeper, 1430 St. Charles su,
! Alameda.
| "pESPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
| XV to do houseworK several hours a day in return
! for board and $1 50 a week. R., box 142, Call.
j AMERICAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS
I -A- pantry-girl: liren-rcom, second work, waiting,
i etc.. or assist: will sleep home if desired. Address
I A. A., box 140, Call. BUffl
\ LL KINDS OF CHILDREN'S CLOTHING
- i stylishly and cheaply made. Address MRS.
M., 1690 Fi.teenth St.
' T7XPERT STENOGRAPHER DESIRES TYPE-
I Aj writer copying: work confidential. Crocker
| hnilding, basement.
REFINKD WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
XV housekeeper for a widower. 1926 Market st.,
i room 32.
BY THE DAY, WASHING, MENDING,
hoosecleaning or nursing. 12 C eveland St.,
; room 13.
| LADY WANTS PLACE AS WORKING
I A-i housekeeper; city or country; best of refer-
I ences. Clifford House, 204 Ellis St., room 24.
"POSITION WANTED IN AMERICAN FAMI-
Xly as governess by a highly refined and well-
: educated young Norwegian lady; is a splendid
| planiste and has taught music for several years;
has also been governess in Norway for a lon 4 time:
will not look so much on salary as on a good place;
I best class of references given. G.. box 148, Call.
DRESSMAKER (FRENCH) WOULD LIKE
Uto make a few engagements by the day. 917
Larkin bU
THOROUGHLY COMPETENT TYPE-
X writer with machine. desires work; will write
i 3 hours daily for $2 per week. DRtESMAKER,
; box 79, Call 'jffice.
| rpHOROUGHLY COMPETENT NORWEGIAN
; A girl wants a situation to do cooking and gen-
! eral hous»wi;rk in private family; experienced in
all branches of domestic service. Apply Monday,
State Labor Bureau, 325 Sinter ft.
DI'.E SMAKEK (EXPKRIKNCED) WANTS
work at ladies' houses or at home. 629 Post
i ,
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS PLACE TO
do cooking and some housework; American
family: good experienced cook; references. Ad-
dress 1 Fifth si., room SOL
LIABLE CANADIAN . WOMAN WOULD
J\> like position a-< cook in private family or gen-
eral housework; give good reference. Address C
box 46, Call.
TAXPKRIENCED YOUNG LADY WISHES
Xli any kind or work by the day or week: work
for $1 and carfare. 222 ] /a Fourth st , room 29.
OMAN WISHES ANY KIND OF WORK
by the day; nursing or go ou: housecleaninsr:
best of references; no postals. Call all week at 36
Moss si., off Howard, bet. !-ixth and Seventh sts.
•yOUNG WIDOW, 22, WITH CHILD, WISHES
X situation 83 housekeeper, pentleman of means.
Address G. W., box 74. Call Office.
GERMAN WOMAN, GOOD WORKER,
wants work by the day, washing or house-
Cleaning. 229 Shipley St., near 1 ifth and Folßum.
AT EAT, COMPETENT WOMAN, IS GOOD
i.\ cook and laundress: American family; city
or country; first-class city references. Call 777
Market st. . room 4.
"\\r ANTED— A SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEP-
| II er in' a widower's family ; best of reference.
I Call 515 Eighth St., Oakland. MRS. HAROLDS.
TVT ANTED— DRESSMAKING IN FAMILIES
II In C.ty, Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley at $2
per day: work guaranteed. 904 San Pablo aye.,
Oaklaud. • ' . .
"V T OUNG WOMAN OF GOOD FAMILY DE-
X sires t>ltuation as usefnl companion to laoy
with children; country preferred. Address R.,
box 8, Call Office, Oakland. ■
(CANADIAN PROTISTA NT GIRL WISH I-
J housework in private family; good cook and.
references Call 720 Ellis st.
■yXPKRIENCED LAUNDRESS WISHES
J j washing to take home. 1517 Ellis st. ■
•\rOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day washing, cooking or any kind of house-
work: experienced in all its branches. J. M. C. ,
504 Third St. v,l ;.„ . '
DRESSMAKER — STYLISH AND KXPERI-
XJ euced; finest work;' Me. owellsystem of cut-
ting;, engagements in families .419 Geary, rm. 1.
I ADY PIANIST WISHES POSITION. CALL
Xj or address 119 Fifth st., first floor, room 8.
TJMBST-CLAS.-J DRESSMAKER WISHES KN-
X; gagements by the day; city or suburbs. 1221
Miss on sL .
"i~\ KRMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
VT day; U experienced laundress . and house-
cleaner. - 315 V» Stockton st.
/COMPETENT, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
\J wisnes to do washing and ironing, cooking, or
honsecleaning by the day; best references. MRS.
M. CURTIS, 3367 Twenty- su, near Mission.
ERMAN EMPLOYMENT ' OFFICE, 306
VJ" Mason st., telephone main j 6332, furnishes re-
liable help of all nationalities- . ■ ' ■
"V7OUNG , AND ATTRACTIVE LADY DE-
A sires a position as typewriter; good disposition.
120y Ocary at., room 2, first floor. -_
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
FTTr.ATIONS TTANTET>-Cotitfnn*>rt.
\\r SITUATION BY YOUNG LADY
"I to take care Of an old lady or child: goou ref-
erences: good salary required. A lso girls for gen-
eral housework; Wages $10 to $25. MRS. SP.cN-
CER, 1321 Pars St.. Alameda. ■:.- : -
EASTERN LADY OF EXPERIENCE WANTS
a permanent position as housekeeper in lodg-
ing-house or widower's home. I'.oom 3, 995 Mar-
ket st.
pEFIXKD AMERICAN LADY WISHKS A
It position as day nurse: understands the care of
sick people; must be at home in ihe evening. Ad-
dress MRS. L., box 1, Call.
ELDERLY LADY. WITH GOOD REKER-
XJ ences, qualified to 00 all kinds of sewing or
do some light nousework tor room and board,
with some good Protestant family In city. An-
swer Immediately, MARY DESMAN, 566 Minna.
"yOUNG GIRL WISHES A SITUATION" TO
X <io general housework and assist in cooking in
small family; wage* $15. 239 Vi Langton St., bet.
Seventh and Eighth.
WEDISH GIRL WISHES GENERAL
0 housework; is a good coo*; city or country.
Address S. IL, box 15. Call.
GOOD AMERICAN GIRL WISHKS A SITUA-
VJ tlon for 11,'ht housework In -small family. 122
Grove St., lower floor, near Van Ness.
irANTKD — POSITION BY FIRST-CLASS
*» chambermaid: boarding-house or hotel; help
wait on tab c. 314 Jessie st.
r OUNG EASTERN WIDOW OF REFINE-
X mem and culture desires a position as manag-
ing housekeeper in widower's or achelor's. house.
Room '/, 122 Post st.: call after 12.
ArqUNG. WOMAN WOULD 1 IKE A SITUA-
X tion as housekeeper; country preferred. Call
or address 138 a Fourth st-, room 4.
yODNO SWEDISH GIRL WANTS A PLACE
X to do housework; plain cook. 923 Minna st.
GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GEN-
eral housework; Is good plain cook; not afraid
of work. Please call 321 Tehama st.
p ERMAN NURSE WISHES ENGAGEMENT;
vT ladiei in confinement; sick- ladles . and chil-
dren. 132 Sixth st., room 16.
fir ANTED— POSITION BY YOUNG LADY OF
II experience with an invalid lady. M., 1401
Eighth aye.. East Oakland.
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEKPKR (WIDOW)
J-i wants work in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold, with. children; country preferred. 8s Ninth
St., room 17: hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. m.
EFINcD WIDOW FROM NEW YORK DE-
REFINcD WIDOW FROM NEW YORK DE-
sires position as typewriter. Call 157 Seventh
st., room 10, second floor.
POSITION WANTED BY YOUNG WIDOW
Xas working housekeeper. Call or address 112
Taylor st.. room 14. .
Tir ANTED — BY A SCOTCH PROTESTANT
II girl, cooking and houseworK in American
family; can give reference, Call 720 Ellis si.
Two ladies from the country wish
X sewing and mending. 139 Fourth St., 7 and 8.
"yOUNG LADY, FORMERLY IN GOOD CIR-
X cumstances, de.-.ir> s lucrative position as house-
keeper or wi,l do gentlemen's mendin-:. 120 l.i.is
st., room 17, second floor; call afier 12.*
\f IDDLE-AGED WOMAN, FROM THE COUN.
1»1 try. would like position to do housework;
wages 20 or $25. Call or address Y. W. C. A.,
1221 O'Farrell at., city.
-\\T ANTED— BY CULTURED YOUNG LADY,
'I position as companion; would travel: state
duties; give references. Address M. LEY, San
Jose.
SW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR Mis-
sion; branch office of Tug Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Ca ix taken at branch office, 339 Hayes su;
open until 9 :3j o'clock.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'I The Call are taken at Branch Otlice, couth-
west corner sixteenth and Mission s:s.
r 1 •_> LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
1 IO CALL; subscriptions and want ads taken.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR
II Market: 200 rooms '.'sc io SI 50 per ni<ht;
$1 50 to ?tf per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and Race to antl from ite terry.
SITUATIONS WANTED 31 ALE.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
XX employment office, removed to 0141,3 Califor-
nia si., near Kearny. lei. main '.'3l.
CHINESE AND JAPaNESK EMPLOYMENT
\J oince: best help. 4111/2 O'Farrell. Tel. K. 426.
JAPANESE INTKLLIGKNCE AGENCY. R.
O 90. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy st.: tel :>iain 5234.
CHINESE & J.AI'ANrSK; KST'D 20 YEARS;
help; tel. main 1997. BRADLEY & Co. .640 Clay
SAM KEE- CHINESE AND J A PEN EM-
ploy ment office. 511 Bush St., nr. Grant aye.
\ BLE GENTLEMAN OF GOOD MORAL
T\ lite and kind manners, 33 years old, speaking
several languages, desires a position in the city in
a nice family as instructor or companion; salary
secondary object: highest references. Please ad-
dress R. J. G., box 156, this office.
JAPANESE WANTS STEADY SITUATION
(Jin small family, either waiter or plain rook
with housework; has cood references! Address
GEORGE, box 136, this ollice.
yOUXO MAN, WELL RECOMMENDED,
X wishes situation as waiter in first-cia-s place.
A. LOUIS, Cosmopolitan Hotel, Fifth and Mis-
sion sts.
SCOTCHMAN, EXPERIENCED GROCERY
salesman, desires position: references; temper-
ate and trustworthy, v., box 104, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN WANTS POSITION ON
ranch; understands carpenter work, painting,
blacksmithtng or wazon work- can milk; tend
horses: home most object. 10H3 Mission st-, r. 18.
youxG man-wants situation taking
X care of horses or garden; can give first-class
reference. O. T., box 30, Call Office.
*
pARRIAGE AND HOUSE PAINTER, PAPER
\J hanger and decorator; will work very cheap,
city or country; Ixs.r.-f. Address C, box 90, CalL
BOY 17 YKAR> WHO LIVKS WITH HIS PA-
rents wants a place in a store or office or >ac-
tory or make himself useful. | Address GEORGE
F.« i< RELL, 160 Clara su, in rear.
VEAT, SOBER, SINGLE YOUNG MAN,
-Li handy in almost any line of busin-ss, is will-
ing to invest several hundred dollars »llh honest,
upright party. Address Honest, box 70, Call office.
MAN AND WIFE WANT STEADY PLACES;
city or country; man understands horses \
thoroughly and general work about place; wife
first-class COO*. A. S.,.box 144, Call Office.
HwTEL MANAGE!;, OPEN FOR EITHER
good city or country hotel, health or pleasure
resort. Address C. W.. box 70, Call Office.
POSITION AS KITCHEN OR DINING-ROOM
X steward, by a responsible single young man
with A 1 references; city or country. Address A.
W., box 70, Call OHice. .
ITUATION ON RANCH BY MAN AND
C 5 wife: man understands ranc h, orchard and
vineyard wok; go^d teams. er; can run engine;
woman good cook; no children.' Address R. P.,
box 70, Call Office.
yoIING MAN WANTS SITUATION: ANY
X kind of work: city or country : understands
care of horses, cows und garden: furnish reference
last employer and others. Address JOHN A.
MacDoNAi., 214 Third st. .
VOUXO MAN WANTS SITUATION: , ANY
: X kind of work; cllv or country: understands
care of horses and garden: furnish reference. Ad-
dress JOHN A. MAC DONALD, 214 Third st., city.
JAPANESE WANTS SITUATION TO DO
O housework or dishwashing. .TOYOGOKETbU,
22 Prospect place, San Francisco.
W-ANTED - POSITION AS CLERK IN A
II grocery-store by German boy 17 years old;
small wages and board and lodging. 727 Davis st.,
saloon.
4 MARKET ST. — BRANCH»OFFICE OF THK
"l Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
BOOKKKEI'KR AND ACCOUNTANT OF EX.
J i larsed experience in commercial and financial
lines desires situation; rlrst-clajs references. Fi-
delity, box 82, Call.
pOACHMAN; BY YOUNG MAN (23): CAN
\J milk and do plain cardeuing; good references.
A. 8., box 109. Cail Office.
IpiRST-CLASSHOR^ESHOER AND BLACK-
A smith desirej situation. 191 Shipley st.
MAN AND WIFE AS COOKS. OR COOK AND
waiter; steady and experienced people; coun-
try preferred. Address HALDER.7O2 California.
■V,-> 7 MONT«OMKRY. CORNER Of CLAY—
•-'—l . Open nntii 9:30 o clock; branch office ox
the Call; snbscrlptions and want ads. taken. ■.. .
rpEMPERATE MAN OF 30, = FIRST-CLASS
A painter and paper-hanger, handy with tools, un-
derstands ; care of horses - and cows and general
work on . private place and hotel; A 1 reference;
will work very cheap. Painter, box 131, Call.
!>OQ HAVES el.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
•JiJO Tub call; nubscriptioua ' and wane ads
taken. >- ..... .■; - , ■■ - .
WINCHESTER HOUSF, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
1 1 Market: 200 rooms; 1 25 c to «1 50 per night:
SI 60 to £6 per week; convenient and respectaole;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. '
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 187 NINTH'
XI st. — Want ads and subscriptions taken. '•■
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
ANTED— WAITRESS. . SMALL - BOARD-
IT Ing-house, $16; FreDcn girl for Alameda,'
$20: San Rafael, $15; German cook, $35; second
elrl, 815: American cook, $25, and a great num-
ber of girls for house wont • and ; assist. LEON
ANDRE, removed to 308 Stoat ion at.
fTKT>T« WANTED- Contfnn— *.
9 COOKs, PRIVATE FAMILY, CITY. $25,930;
■>- housework, near city, 92 i: Kin for house" ork,
near city, «15: nurse girl, hotel, city, $12: girl for .
country, see party here at 10 a. m. Monday, 920:
6 girls for housework, 915 to 925. C. R. HANSEN
«ft CO., 110 Geary st. :.
ERMAN OR I-CANDINAVIaN COOK.
vl plain boarding- house, near city. $25: waitress
first-class 1 ouutry hotel. $20: you German or
Scandinavian ir , light housework, country town,
$15. see p.rty here. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
ing Empoymunt Agents. 634-636 Clay st. ■
COMPETENT TKACHER OF OKKEEP-
v7 ins:, 2 hours per day. in exchange for thorough
course in shorthand, typewriting, etc Call at
SI lEHLS College, 723 Market St..
ANTED _ WAIST-FINISHER, SLEEVE-
»» hand and : errand-girl. Address M., box 104,
Cull office. ' , , ; . 
GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
"Ork. small family; must, be good cook. 704
Fell si.
"yoUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUBE-
■L work; family of 3. 2626 Sacramento st.
SF. DRKSS-CUTTING' SCHO L— FRENCH
• tailoring taught; $1 week. 916 Market, r. 54.
ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
school: course practical: classes now forming
for spring work; satisfaction guaranteed: evening
classes. 221/2 Geary st.; or' 4lo Leavenworth.
ANTED-A GIRL TO ASSIST IN GKN-
eral housework.' Apply 1811 Broderlok st.
SHIRTFINISHER AT F. H. LAWTON & CO.,
2^9 Kearny st. v
YOUNG LADY WIIH KNOWLEDGE OF
J- stenography for light office work; salary $10
month. J. h., box 61, Call Office.
WANTED— GIRL TO WO BK A FEW HOURS
"T daily in exchange for music lessons or foreign
languages. Address A., box 7b, Call-
ANTED— GOOD PIANIST TO EXCHANGE
services as accompanist for voice-culture or
advanced piano lessons. 406 McAllister st
\irANTED-APPRENTICE ON FINE COATS:
» » experienced preferred. 216 Kearny, room 1. 1
IDDLE-AGED LAD^ TO do house w ORK
and take care of children. 630 Broadway.
ANTED-LADIES-9100 IN GOLD GIVEN
away.
Who can form the greatest number of words
from the letter* in RELIABILITY? You can
make twenty or more words, we feel sure, and if
you ao you will receive v good reward. Do not
us-? any letter more times than it api-ears in the
word. . Use ho language except English. Words
spelled alike, but with different meaning can be
used but once. Use any dictionary. Pronouns,
nouns, verbs, adverbs, prefixes, suffixes, adjec-
tives, proper nouns allowed. Anything that is a
legitimate word will be allowed. Work It out in
this manner: Rat, let, lye, lie liable, bit, bite, bet,
bat, etc. Use these words in your list. The pub-
lishers of Woman's World and Jennkss Mil-
leb Monthly will pay $-'> in gold to the per-
son able to -make the largest list of words from
the letters in the word RELIABILITY; $10
for Iho second; $5 for the third; 96 for. the
fourth; ami $2 each for the thirty next largest
lists. The above rewards are given free and with-
out consideration .or the purpose of attracting at-
tention ■to our handsome woman's magazine,
thirty-six pages, 144 lo:ig columns, finely 11. us-
t ated ana all ordinal matter, lone and short
stories ny the b- st authors; price, 91 per year.
To enter the contest it is necessary for you to
send 25 cents in stamps or silver for a three
months trial subscript on with your list of word*, j
ana every person sending the 25 s and a list j
of tw< nty words or more is guaranteed an extra
present by return mall (in addition to Hie maga-
zine) of a 188-pnge took, ''Treasure Island," by
Robert Louis Stevenson, a fascinating story of |
love and thrilling adventure Satisfaction guar- |
anteed in every > ase or money ref unaed. Lists
I should be sent at cure and no later than May 15.
The name; and addresses of successful contest-
( ants will be printed in June issue, published in
I May. our publicat.on hat been es abiiahed ten
I years. We lefer you to any mercantile agency for
our standing. Make your list now. A<ldr<
WOMAN'S WORLD PUBLISHING COMPANY,
225-6-7 Temple court Duildlug, New York City. '
AT THE WOMEN'S EDUCATIONAL AND
Industrial Union, 7 Van Ness avt\, dress-
making, hairdreBsing, millinery, manicuring. Eng-
lish, French, German, .- punish, mandolin, violin, I
guitar, painting, elocution, physical culture and
fancy work taught for $1 60 per 11:0:11.1; singing
; and cooking taught for $1 per month; all kinds of
j lema c help supplied.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE. OF THJ"
'» Call: want ads and subscriptions taken. .
pKUMAN OR SCOTCH GIRL FOR HOUSE-
U work; attend children. ,3252 Twenty-fifth su
ANTED— EXPERIENCED CHOCOLATE
TT dippers; no other help. Apply SARONI's,
608 Iront- .
p ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
\J work at 418 iirauumn st.
ALL FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DlS-
eases of the eye permanently cured at MR&
DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary su : consultation free.
"IV"ANTED— IO YOUNG LADIES TO LEARN
TT barber trade: shop to open May 1. Particu-
lars call 138% Eighth St., S. F. Barber College.
. ADIES LIVING OUT OF THE CITY DO
-Lj writing at horn» : 2c s: amp reply. PROF. J.
B. MeTIER, 129 Third sU
EARN DRESSCUTTING AND MILLINERY;
91 per week; unlimited lessons: pattern!
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 103 Post ax.
fj-l ' LARKIN — BRANCH- OFFICE OF THE
\Ji-O Call: subscriptions and am ads. taken.
__^ _^ ____^__^_^__^___^___
\l OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLK; I
I*l Winchester Hous<(, 44 Third st.. near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to 91 5J per night; $1 60 to 93 |
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry, j
JI<LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
1 Academy. 14 McAllister St.: 91 a week.
MALE . HELP WANTED.
TVTANTED— TAILOR FOR INSTITUTION
TT near city, s3s a month, board, room and wash-
ing; buggy washer, in country, $30 and found; 2
milkers. $20 and found; quartz miner, 92 a day;
strong hoy for fac.ory. $3 a week: also farmers,
•••am-, c - cooks, waiters, dishwashers, etc. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay »U
OA WOODCHOPPERS, 91 PER CORD, . 4-FT.
•-' ' wood; quarry man, 91 75 day; 6 farmers, 915
aDd 920; larmer and wife, $30; 1 horeboy for
ranch: 3 rubber* on race stock. MURK A V &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
63b Clay st.
T AUNDRYMAN, 930, FOUND: 3 COOKS; 3
J~J_ waiters: 2 dishwashers, and other places.
MuRHAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. .
FARMER AND WIFE. PARTY HERE;
cbeesemaker for a creamery, country. C. R.
I HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary St.
5 waiters WITH DRESS SUITS, HOTEL,
north, $30: waiter who speaks Spanish, hotel,
city, $35; laundryman and wife to take ciiargeof
■ a country laundry ; . laundry mau, near city. C. R.
I lIANSKN & CO., 110 Geary St. .
4 COLORED WAITERS FOR A BANQUET
with dress suits: call 12 sharp to-day (Sunday).
C R. HAN SEN & CO, 110 Geary st.
JAPANESE COOK FOR RANCH; 920. C. R.
HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
ANTED-BUGCrY-WASHER FOR COUN-
» » (ry livery stable; 930 and found: call Sunday,
10 a M. \V". D. BA ER «fc CO., ti-8 Clay su
W ANTED- PARTY WITH SMALL CAPITAL
to join owner In shipping 3000 cords wood to
this city and Sacramento. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SKTT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED-MAN IN SALOON TO DO SOME
lunch cooking. Hooper, and Fourth its., in
rear of mill.
ITY OK COUNTRY TAILORS WILL
profit by m. ruling their coats to San Francisco
Coat-makers, 17 a.oclcion pi. • strictly white labor.
WANTED-100 MKXTO SELL SOUVENIRS
TT of great tight; best inducements in iheclty I
to agents. Call and examine to-day; bet. 12 and 4
p. M-, room 08, Piayter block, Oakland.
ENTLEMEN AND LADIES WISHING TO
sing in the Grand Chorus March 17th, evening
of St. Patrick's Day, at Mechanics' Pavilion,
p ease call or address J. W. McKENZIE, Musical
Director, 624 Eddy su ■
WANTED - i-'IRhT-CLASS RESTAURANT
'» waiter. 207 Second St.
YOI'NG MAN IN DRUGSTORE; SOME EX-
J- perinnce. Corner Eddy and sterner sts.
gent wanted TO take ORDEKsFOR
merchant tailoring; good chance to the right
man. 9NlmhsU
9 FIRST-CLASS SHOEMAKERS WANTED
<U immediatei/. . 1608 Park St., Alameda.
4 MEN TO GOON CRUISE TO SOUTH SEAS.
tt Apply at HERMAN'S, 637 Clay st.
Men or women to WORK for US DAY
or evening at their homes: pleasant work;
no canvassing; experience unnecessary; Wb pay
salary; | inclose stamp for particulars. 'Standard
Mfg. Co., 142 West Twenty-third St., New York.
I )KUG CLERK WANTKD: A COMPETENT,
XJ reliable youn_' man in a first-class ; drugstore:
must spe.<k English, German and French: please
state experience and reforences. Address T., box
17, Cail Office. , r • . .. > •
LADY WANTS OEN'ILKMAN PARTNER;
XJ only 925 capita. 1 FlMi su, room 1. V :> - '■'. :.':,
\\r ANTED— SEAMEN AND ORDINARY. AP-
" ply Shipping Agency, 10 steuar..st.V upstairs.
SHOEMAKER : WAN IED ON REPAIRING;
. men on new work. :. 202 Fifth st. ■ . T
O Y8 BETWEEN 14 AND 17 YEARS. APPLY
) e at 200 butter sU •...-,,. . .' .. " .
: TOURNEYMEN BARKERS' EMPLOYMENT
V secretary .H. BERNARD. 102 seventh st. ■;, :
STYLISH AND ' DURABLE : C\LF SHOES
made to order, 92 60; ■ cheapest place In city for
1 Hiring And aecood-iiiuid shoe*. 939 Howard su
PFT," WA>TKn-Contlnn«<».
OARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
-D P. c. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs, 325 Grant aye.
BAKBKR-SHuP— MUST BK *< >LD, ON AC-
|X> count of sickness.- .1944 Market st.
3 -CHAIR BARBER SHOP FOR SALE, -OR
0 will take partner. 307 Sixth st. . . .
fir C)i' MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
—O— ' ) 'iHh. Call; (subscriptions ana wauc ad«
taken. ' - • ■ ' - -
©.'nnBL'YS half interest IN PAT-
«Jp-ll'l" ented novelty; se'l-. on sight; demand
unlimited: big profits. Address owner, Pos. ofllce
box 2606, S. F.
IF YOU ARK GOING" TO YUK -N GOLD
fields. Alaska, join the Johnson party, leaving
here March 20. Johnson's Alaska Outfitting
Agency, 218 iCansome st. .
\V' ANTED— SEAMAN, ORDINARY SEAMAN
»» and green-hand* for whaling and deep-water
vessels. . Appl/ at McMAHON & MCCARTHY,
11/ L' rum st., upstairs.
SINGLE ROOMS 10c AND 15c NIGHT, 60c
and 75c week. Lindell House, sixth and Howad.
SEAMEN AND OFFICERS FOR HONOLULU
and on steam wnalers. 904 Kearny, upUairs.
TIT ANTED— SAILORS FOR "TEAM WHAL-
JT ers and sealers at LANE'S, 504 Davis St.
ntn/- MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
_-.) — I • want ads taken for THE CALL.
A.A.-C.C— PROSPECTORS!-
TRAPPERS! WHALERS!
Fifty men with at least $200 each wanted to
form the Arctic Alaska Commercial Company, to
do shore whaling, fur trapping and trading, pros-
pecting and mining, walrus and seal bunting and
generally to develop the resources of Arctic
Alaska; only men willing to winter in the coun-
try, to work and to rough it, and to make money,
need apply. Address all applications for Informa-
tion, etc., A. A. C. C, box 68, Call Office.
WANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at night while you wait; ladies' soling, 35c; men's
! soling. 60c: fine shoes mad« to order from 92 up;
we have a lot of shoes been damaged r>y water at
less tlian ono-fourth their value, from 76c up to
$2 50. 562 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
"DOOMS, 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO 91 60
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Dm mm st. ; ;> ; •
>'IRST- CLASS OPERATORS ON LADIES'
P cloaks and suits. W. SIM INO FF, 1228 Market.
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
"» Thk Call are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sis, . . ' -/;.
\*i ANTED.TOCOLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR-
IT ersAderks KN OX Collection Ajcy, 110 butter.
T>ECRUITB WANTED FOR THE U. 8. MA-
XV rlne Corps, V. S. Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 80 years
who are citizens of. the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come such: must be of good character and habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet In heiehu For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills St.. San Francisco, Cal.
1 1 n NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
I It) 'iHU Call; subscript tou ana wane ads.
taken. .
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK
»T of some simple thing to patent? Jrotect your
ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and new list of 10U0 Inventions wanted.
LCHOHOUsK. 863 Vi MARKET ST.— I'.UOMS
20c, 25c to 60c night; $1 10 $'i weeic
IW7 NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
! v) I Thai Call; subscription and want ads
taken. :
rpKY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST.. BK-
X low Sixth, for a room: itfiea night: $1 titeti.
BEST IN SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
-D 25 cents per night: *1, $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Paclnc House. Commercial and Leidesdorfl* sts.
__^^____^_— _— — — —^_—^— —^^_—
1 HO MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT lOC, 150
lUU and 20c a nlgnu Including coffee aau roils.
£24 Washington st. . near Kearny.
WANTKD— LABORERS AND MECHANIC'S
to know that Ed Kolkln, Reno Honse proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 15 J
large rooms; 26c per night; 91 to 93 per week.
■poSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST SINGLE FUR- :
Xli nlslied rooms, 'JOe to 25c night, $1 to 91 50 wit
E simon WANTS 100 mkk to OET BO
. tie beer or wine 6c-. besi free lunch. 643CU?
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, A DAY; $L
week; room- for 2, 26c a day. 91 50 a wee*;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
IV' INCHESTKK HOUSE, 44 i HIKD ST., XX.
'» MarKei: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: tree bits and ba-raie to and irom th» i»>rrr.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED TO SELL THE INDELI-
bIe check perforator: retails 95: large com-
mission. Wesley .Manufacturing Company, 41
Park Row, New York.
AGENTS: HUSTLERS MAKK 95 DAILY
selling the only revolving griddle cake turner:
sample 20c. O. E, MICKEL, Sole Manufacturer,
Haverhill, Mass.
AGENTS W VNTED IN EVERY COUNTY TO
sell direct to the farmers the combination lock
cevis: sells On sight In the East. sa.ML. GAM-
BLE, P. C. Agent, 1307 Dolores st.
AGENTS— BRYAN'S BOOK, "THE FIRST
Battle," Apply or address for territory, F.
Person, manager subscription department, THE
WHITAKKK & RAY COMPANY, 723 Market St.
FURNITURE WANTED.
BEST PRICES FOR FURNITURE, MDSE..
etc. STREET CRESWELL. Auctioneers, 927
Market st. rm.316. Houses bought in their entirety.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNl-
tare and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkla
HIGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE PAID
JJ. hv Indian* Auction Co. 1057 Market.oDO.Jonei
ROOMS WANTED.
OOM.' CEVTRAL, PKIVAt2~FAMILY, BY
gentleman: reasonable: sta.e full particulars.
Boc ability, box 109, Call Office.
BOARDING WANTED.
ROOM AND BOAKD WANTED BY A GEN-
tlemnn in a private family; state terms. Ad-
dress F. E., box 18, Call Office.
L OR MAN AND WIFE; PRIVATE 'FAMILY
J preferred, central. Address, with terms, K. P.,
box 108, Call Office.
FURNISHED HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED-A SMALL FLAT OR COTTAGE,
furnished: Western Addition: must be sunny;
rent S2O. N. B. COGHILL, 300 Front su
WANTED-aiISCELIiANEOUS. ,
WANTED— 9200 FROM PRIVATK PARTY
for short time: Rood security and Interest. N.
D., box 29, all Office. ■
WANTED— SECOND-HAND f-MITH PRE-
»» mier typewriter. Call or address 19V2 >ixth.
■nrAiVTEO-A SECOND-HAND TRAVELING
Vt van or a large spring wagon: must be strong,
light and cheap: state price, etc. I Address J. H.,
box 70, Call Office. '
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHED
doors, mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
k 1 eiry 10 A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at.: send postal.
DENTISTS.
FULL SET OF TEETH, 97: WARRANTED 5
years; painless extraction: see our new combina-
tion plate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
warranted 10 y<ars: fillings. 50c; crowns, 93 <0.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth street
/"IROOME DKNTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
CROOME DKNTAL ASSOCIATION, 559MAK-
\J ket, bel. 3d and 4th; gas specialists ; painless
extract ng, with gas. 91: plates, $6 up: fill, 91 up.
fl»7 FULL SET TEETH: BEST MAKE;
up ( . kept In repair; extracting free; twins*.
crowns, $3 60. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
DR.' J. J. LEEK," 1126 MARKET ST.: OPEN
evenings; Sundays till noon. ,
"POSITIVELY PA IN LES.-t EXTRACTION. DR.
J. HARDING, SOOSutter cor. Powell. tel.maln&37s
COLTON IIENTAL ASSOCIATION. l^Alt-
V ket St. DO. CHARLK:. W. DECKER. . ..
<JU/7 A SET FOR TKETH— WARRANTED A.4
«iP < rood as can be made: filling 91 DR bIMM*
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
"PAINLESS EXTRACTION, : 60o: S CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates 96 op: 18 year*
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.8., 816% Geary.
T\R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST, SB.
U Eleventh; no chance lor extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from. 98 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
OKI or TKKiH WlTuuUi' «■*"•* \ uti.
O H. a-Yonng, 1811 Polk s:. ;
R. GEORGE » W. 1 LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dent Lit, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of - Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from «» to 20O l Farrelli;.
ALL WUHK • REASONABLE -AND. WAit-
ranted. „ DR. J. W. KEY. 1320 Market su
■PHYSICIANS. •
_
T »R- C. C. O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKET, RES.
, XJ 2864 asth it. ; aiaeaaet 01 women »»ped»ity.
* , PERSON ALS. I
M~~^v7s^i SEli~Yoir Monday or wkd-
. nesday, noon. Write H. t box 21. Call Office.
mo WH M IT -MAY < ONCERN-.THI9 Is T«i
1 notify the public at lan?ethatmy son. OtORGE
HKXKY MONNIER, lias left my home without
myconseut and against niv will, and tie i.t a minor,
and I will not be responsible for »uy ctebts that
he may contract: and this noMricaiion is given br
me as a warning to the public ai law not to give
him any credl- in my name. Dated -an trun-
Cisco, March 6, 1897. GEORGE MUNNIF.R.
GF. M. -CAN'T COME TO THE CITY
. next week: please write. From DORA.
HOTEL COOK OF 50 WI-HKS TO MEET A
smart working woman as a helpmate: object
mainmonr. Ad tress W. P., box 94, Call office.
YOUNG MAN WOULD LiKE TO COKKE^
X pond with working girl between the age of 16
anl 18: otject matrimony. Address M., box 14,
Call Office. '
C- KBETT AND FITZSIMMONS
Testify "VITA Oil- has uuequaled merit for
immediate reli>-f or all injuries incident to the
fistic arena": $1 bot. : 6, 95. You try It.
VITA OIL CO., 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
EX-PRESIDENT CLEVELAND
is 'laid up" with RHEUMATIi-M. A course
of DX. SMITH'S ELlCTltllJ- MAGNETIC
BATH*» would cure him at ouce. If yon have I
RHEUMATISM go at once to DR. SMITH*
SANITARIUM, 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
GOOD, CONSCIENTIOUS WORK COUNTS
every time. My strictly first-class 25-cent
halrdressin.; is becoming appreciated more and
more everyday. Have got » me new switches,
bst quality; selling fast from $1 to 82. G.
LEDE KKB, 111 Stockton St.
rpo LOAN $500-GOOD SECURITY; VIEW
1 matrimony. Address Widow, box 70, Call.
MISS ALLK.N, CORNS, INGROWING NAILS;
now method. 620 Market st. (opp. Palace
Hotel), room 20. -
MARRIAGE PAPER; 1000 A DVT;!.; MANY
wealthy; 10c silver. Marriage Journal, Port-
land, Or.
TADIES, YOUR BUST ENLARGED 6IXCHE
AJfailure impossible;'- results guaranteed; 1000
testimonials; boo* full particulars sealed 4c. Aurum
Medicine Co., Dept t-.. L.. 55 state St., Chicago
I> AG CARPETS WOVE TO 0 DKB FOR SALE :
-Lt also chenille-wove rugs. Bilk-rag portier.-s: deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth St., Oakland. Cal.
DANCING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission st., opp. U. a Mint.
KNTLKMAN OF MEANS WISHES TO
VT correspond with lady in the same portion:
must be inclined to travel: object' matrimony.
Address L. C, box 41, Call Office.
MME. ROLLAND. TEACHER OF FRENCH
language, located 203 Powell St.. room 26.
MME. MYRTLE . POTTER, FORMERLY.
1.-.62 A Market, has located 33 Sixth St., room
17, first floor.
ADVICE FRF.E: DIVORCE LAW* A SPEC-
lalty: private: no fee v. iihou* success; pro-
bate, insolvency, wills, collections, • bills of sale'
damages, etc. : private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.HOWE, at:y-at-Jaw. 850 Market.cor.Stocktn
MISS OLLIE LAKE. CARD READER AND
magnetist Rooms 3 and 4, 309 suiter.
MONROE SALISBURY SAYS- "I ALWAYS
use Vila Oil for sprains, bruises, soreness,
laments* or stiffness: no horsemnn Can afford to
be without It." «1 bot., 6 $5. VITA OIL CO.,
1533 Buchanan st.
ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATHS
Will cure RHEUMATISM: nothing else will;
it's no use to use medicine; try them once ana be
convinced: FREE consultation 1 to 3, 6 to 8; Son-'
days, 10 to 12; board with sunny rooms reasonable,
if desired. SANITARIUM. 1533 BUCHANAN ST.
DO YOU SUFFER FROM RHEUMATISM OR
XJ dyspepsia and want to be cured? information
sent tree. DR. CUMMIN GS, 303 Third st
/"HUB TT-FITZSIMMONS FIGHT— A FEW
V more choice seats at the rin-c and Pullman
berths left to till up the party. Apply at once to
ED HUMAN or SAM DaNNENBAUM, 771 or
828 Market st.
COME TO ME FOR THE VERY BEST IN
the line of switches: have just received a new
line, first quality; gray switrnes. the very best,
$2: switches, all colors, from $1 to $2; hatrdress-
Ing, 25c; I can restore gray or bleached hair to
natural color with perfectly harmless preparation.
G. LEDEKEIt, 111 Stockton st.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
-L gouable; 10 years' experience: hr*. 10 to 12 M.,
2 to s, 7:o8p. m. G.R.WEBSTER, 1027 Market,
MAG.MSCOPE - NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine; us*-s the kineloscope films; price re-
duced, f 150. BACIGALL PI, 946 Market st.
ALLPAPER FREE; NO CHARGE FOR IT.
» » painting, paper-hanging, etc., by men, artists
in the line. MEKIGaN. 1302 Webster st.
gj- I A DOZEN— CABINda ■**' V/lt*- j
epl bON'S Uallery. 1028 Market.
BIG OUTDOOR STERiOPTICON SHOW EVE-
-13 ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
HHUFSCHMIDT, SANITARY PLUMBER, j
• gas fit ten t>23boldenGate ay. Tel., Butter 471.
SSTROZYNSKI. 24|GBARY ST., EXPERT
• European hairdressers and cutters; employs
no apprentices; prices equal toothers.
CVEGRANT WILL HEAR OF SOMETHING
• to his advantage by calling upon LAN DRY
C. HaIJIN. 4 13 Kearoy st.
PAINTING. WHITENING, PAPERING:
lowest estimates work guaranteed; wall pa- I
per 3c roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
MI'S KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
-IVJL erer) has opened a stylish halrdreaslng parlor; I
latest effects ;price 124% O'Farrell. nr.Powell. j
rQ7 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
«»_< ■ uJhkUU; want ada and subscriptions
taken. $
pARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
i and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc 424 Pine at; lliustratiotu :uri)lshed.
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
KUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
11 until cared: send for book. DR& Man*
FIELD & PORTERFIELD. »38 Market st
ELKCTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM:
Winchester House. 44 Third at, nr. Market;
100 rooms. 25c to 91 60 per night: 91 50 to $6 par
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
pLOAKS, FUKS A.V D SUITS RETAILED Al'
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 iSansome st
•'/■/■■/ EDUCATIONAL.
UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
XJ and School of Instruction (Incorporated);
PKA< TICAI. and INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods in assaying, analysis,
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a. say and analysis
of ores, waters., etc. 26 O'Farrell aw. elevator. \
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution. 1215 Octavla st., .-an Francisco
MISS ELIZA MACKINTOSH, ruuil of frofesior
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and gradual
of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa
teacher. Office days. Friday p. ; M , Saturday a. m.
••/ 'UKSIVE SHORTHAND" IS THE KASIKVT,
\J best and cheapest; vowels aud consonants
joined: no positions; descriptive pamphlet free;
also Pitman, Graham, Munson and Marsh writer
corrected and speeded: first-class references. ROS-
COE EAMKS, room 70, Flood building. •
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages. English branches
electrical engineering; -JO teachers: 15.0UU graUu-
sies; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
* .YBES', THE LEADING ■ COLLEGE. 32 J
-M. Monteomery • st.: Individual Instruction in
yborthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy etc.
Die scholarship $50: low rate* per week and mo.
DTAMMEKIXU, LISPING, ALL IMPERFEC
O lions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
ing, individual instruction; references from best in
California. PROF. B. s. DAVIS. 1508 Market.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
T EO COOPEK. SCHOOL OF ACTING AND
-LJ Opera. Pantomime and Acting; study of reper-
toire and vocal music, hi Geary st.
■ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC.«
XJ ci\il. ; mining, survey, assay, archlr., X ray
tauitht;es.lBß4. A. VAN PER NAILLEX.933 Mkt
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 MarKet st. ; students trained; office
situations secured: lowest raw* or credit for tuition
MASSAGK, PHYSICAL CULTURE, the
scientific application of electricity, we. «16y 2
Lagunasu . . -
SPANISH SCHOOL: DAILY LESSONS. $3 a
. mo. ; 4io9p. v. Room 10, Y. M. C. A. building.
CONSULT THE LUCKIEST AND BEST Ml!.-
dlum; 25c; one price. 41 Minna st., basement.'
MME. WALTERS OK TEHAMA ST. ; CARDS;
ladies 25c, gems 50c 951 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SINGING TAUGHT— NE \V ITALIAN
method: 8 lesions. $4. 417 Mason st
HER LESSONS GIVE ,\ BY MAX MAIER,
£■* 526 lurk st., bet Larkin and Polk.
PKOF. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN.
guitar, cornet; reasonable. 225 ueary.ur. Powell.
BOOKKPNG. WRITNG. A RITHM.TC. GRAMfi,
day <t night: no classes; $5 month. B*s Mission.
SINGING; PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
GUITAR. MANDOLIN, Pi ANU AND VOCjl-
lessons. $:■: nm. Mary Westhaus. 89 Fifth.
QUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Call taken at branch office "M Hayes at.;
, open until 9 ;30 o'clock,
BUSINESS ; CHANCES.
ECKEE'S BARGAINS. 1020 MARKET
$.00— J-.arb-i-snop tor sale. ; • .,
: $350— Stationery-siore for sale.
i 50— Brsnch bakery for sale.
*6 .0— taurai t for sale.
$450— Coffee saloon for sale.
$4Co— Ca.idv-store for sale. • ■*
$330— Wood and coal y»rl. . *
< hoO— Grocery and lar forjals.
$.500— Bakery and restaurant.
$175— Cigar-store tor sale.
$350— Meat market for sale. "
$800— Coffee saloon and restaurant.
$400— for sale. . ■ . ■: .
I/OR SALE-ONE OFTHK FINEST FITTED^
J' up saloons In the city; doing a good business
In a Rood location: receipts from $15 to $18 a day
S3 Sixth st., room 18.
■pAKTNKR WANTED WITH SMALL CA PI-
X tal to invest in a good paying business; will '
bear inves.igation. fail 3B sixth st., room 18.
riENTRALLY LOCATED' FAMILY l.IQ! (7~
\j store and bar; established same place 17
yeais: owner desires to retir«; «ill sell for cash ax
sacrifice: safest and best Inveitmen. in tbecit-
Apply >Pfc.CK & CO., 602 Market si.
(D. 1 (I' SALOON: FULL VALUE IN SIGHT
5b 1 £O. STENBERG. 632 Market n.
(jT.Q-:/\ CIGAR AND SsTATIONKKY STORE
<Jf»J<J''. clearing $125 monthly; good location-
rent, with living-rooms, $20: value in Sight; trlai
given: thorough investigation solicited; uo agents
0.. box 70, Call Office. .
OL'Qnnn FOR SALE OR EXCHANOK
tIrOUUI". -an Francisco property: 10 aero
fruit rancii in full bearing: good house, barn; near
station. Address Z., box 164, Call.
<E?')Plf\ TEA, COFFEE AND SPICE ROCTE
(JpZoU. for sale: owner will stay with purcha^r
til business is learned . For particulars a.!ir .
Owner, box 97, fall Office.
Oj. I mA BUYS A PROFITABLE OUTSIDE 7
tJP ' i)UU business; good opportunity forynnne
active man with the above amount of casn. ' y j£'
box 16. Call. . ■•;."•. '
WASTKI) — PARTNER IN AMUf.EM~Fvp
»T enterprise out of the ordinary, offe'l Kniruost
all profit: $-00 required. F. box 47, Call.
mjQA/in LEADING JEWELRY-STORE;
tJpOUUU. best location; low rent; city of 6000»
for cash. Particulars, box 176, Petaluma.
RANCH BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY
for sate; established business. Inquire at 612
Eighteenth. Potrero. ♦
ANTED — PARTNER. WITH LITTLE i
»» money, in legitimate paying concern. C, box 1
9, call Office. :; .- V Jk
TO KENT— WINDSOR HOTEL, ST. HKLK.N A
for 3 or 5 years. Write G*iOi;GE W. FEE
St. Helena.
T.-'IRST-fLAsS $10,000 INVESTMENT. SEE
X A. G. BOGUS, room 69, Columbian building.
pitOSI'KROUS REPUBLICAN WEEKLY
X newspaper; golden opportunity: easy terms;
owner leaving. Address a., box 61, this office.
POX SALE— HALF INTEREST IN COAL-"
V yard situated a Union and Kearny. Apply at
premises, or 151 lVa Dupont st.
GOOD CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT MA \;
first-class oyster and chophouse for sale; 7280:
rent paid: owner leaving city. 216 Sixth st.
SALOON FOR SALE IMMEDIATELY ON
account of sickness; SE. cor. of Kearay and
California sts. Inquire 123 Prospect place.
ENTS' FURNISHING GOODS; MUST SELL
yJ at once: a bargain for some one. Call after 1
p. ji. at 88 Sixth st.
PARTNER FOR FIRST-CLASS BUSINESS,
X call at J. L. BOON'S office, 214 Pine st.
WOOD AND COAL YARD FOR SALE;
ground to lease: cheap. Apply 2 Valencia st.
INING-ROOM IX LARGEHOTELTORhNT-
.XJ rent taken out in board. Apply Call Office.
STATIONERY' STORE; OLD, GOOD-PAYING
O place; ntr-e for woman to make a good living.
Inquire Call Office.
ffi. O n A PARTNER WANTED FOR HaY
«TT O\J\J. and grain business. Apply at 955
Folsom.
FOR SALE— GOOD PAYING SALOON. NW.
cor. Spear and Howard.
1-« OR SALE— BARGAIN; FINE EXAMINER
X route. H., Call Office, Oakland.
THE DAINTY RESTAURANT, 836 GEARY
St.; a flourishing and desirable business for
sale at a sacrifice; investigate. Apply on premises.
■y-OUNG WIDOW WANTS A GENTLEMAN
X partner; small capital. Room 8, 207 Post st.
"V7-OUNG WIDOW OF MEANS DESIRES GEN-
X tleman partner. Room 3, 995 Market st.
UUNO EASTERN LADY DESIRES GEN-
-1 tieman partner; small capital. 850 -Marker. r.S.
WANTED— A LADY WITH $150 TO JOIN
IT another with similar sum in good paying
manufacturing business: salary or interest; trade
established, A. a., box 18. Call Office.
OnOZn SALOON: OWNJSR GOING EAST.
«S)Zt)U. Apply for particulars 235 Third st.
WOOD AND COAL YA'<D FOR SALK;
cheap; doing a good business; selling on ac-
count ot leaving city. 1915 McAllister st.
TORE WITH 3 LIVING-ROOMS: ELEGANT
0 location for business. 406 fourth st.
O^*>r* MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
Mt)ZU want ads taken for The Call,
1 f\f\f\ «ARDB, $1 5a SHOW CARDS, KTO.
l.\J\J\) TeL Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary st.
T ATEST CAR FEXDIaR PATENT; BEST IN
XJ vent ion. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye. : . • . :
CITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIS
office.
■\TEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
xi close to ban Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. \
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
QA-ROOM HOUSE ON MARKET ST $1,400
• »" 24-room house, only. .' 650
10 rooms, very fine 250
24 rooms on Market st 860
14 rooms, only 250
28 rooms, oniy 1,000.
46 rooms; offer wanted 1,390
31 rooms for exchange.. 1,40u
24 ro< ms, only 650
10 rooms, on McAllister st 400
20 rooms; corner: new ' 1,200
14 rooms on Sutler.. 350
7-room house, only 250
18 rooms, near the Baldwin 50J
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
DINING-ROOM, 30 BOARDERS:; FINE lO-
cation.. »80
.10 rooms, elegant: Sntter st. ; central 500
14 rooms, Van Ness: new: payine 650
.UNUEKWOOD «tCO., 765 Market si.
r «O HOWAKD-LODOIXG-HOUoE OR HO-
O^t/ tel; 35 rooms; store 3 rooms: $75. .
a>ar\f\ LODGING-HOUSE Of' 21 rooms
J^DUU. 00 one floor: always full; rent cheap;
good furnituie. Call at IBV2 Sacramento st. .
1 / -ROOM LODGING-HOUSE FOR SALE AT
ID a sacrifice: must be sold within a few days.
33 Sixth St., room 18. ■ '
1 C FIXE FUR \ ISHKD ROOM ; ■ OOOD\,
1 0 transient trade: Sixth St., near Market: piic«l
$475. t Address T. T., box 28, Call office. g 1
1 A-ROOM FLAT FUKNL-HED FULL; OW.N.f
•1U er going East; cheap. Call 1 to 4, 13Va
Sixth st. ■ -
T ODGING-HOUSp; OK 16 ROOMS; ALL
XJ <u;l; good reasons for selling. Address Call
Office.
TVTICK FURNISHED HOUSE OF 32 ROOMS;
15 cheap. 704 Howard or 1020 Market.
qqq HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF TUB
00 J Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
, FURNITURE FOR SALE.
RETIRING FROM RETAIL BUSINESS:
XV must close out stock in 30 days: brussels car-
pel, 42Vijc yard; floor oilcloth. 18c; mating, To
yard; bearoom sets, 3 pieces. $9 SO: 4-room fur-
niture outfit, $6». SHIREK- & SHIREK. 747
Market st , opp. Grant aye. ■
Q. '-iC\n FOR HALF INTEREST IN A M ANU-
«]p OVJ\J facturlng business. 328 Bush St., rm. 4. .
-pURMTURE, STOVES, CARPETS, COUN«
X 1 ters. showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOit
lowest prices on household poods: new or gooi
• Knew: cas or on time: opt-n «v<»nin«».
.V CARPET CLEANING.
pARPETb CLEANED, RENOVATED LIKE
V new. J. McO.UEEN.4S3 Stevenson. Tel. 5.228.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEAN WORK-*:
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN*
2a«r. 38 and 40 >.lgbib »t. : telephone South 250.
HEN YoU BtaiMK DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beat Ing Worts, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40. L
7"IARPET-OLEANING,:3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG j
\J samples free. tel. Jessie 944. Strattoo, 3 Bth st.#
» DVAXCE CARPET-CLEANIWtt CO., 404
• A. Suiter; lei. Main 394. GEa WaLi OM, prop.
1 J WaTTS, reliable carpet-cleaniug renovtg. alt9r-
O . atlon works. 409 McAllister. TeL Jessie 321.
/CARPETS CLEANED RENOVATED LJKB
.Voew.-.23T«ncb; tel. South 36. Mackintosh A Co.
JE. MITCHELL. carpet-cleaning CO.
."■ 1:40 14th st. ; cleaning So a yard. TeL Mis. 74.
pONKLIN'H : CAKPKT - BEATING WOKK4
J V 333 Golden Gat« aye. Telephone £ast l-i»
rri " imi 111 irnii npiHH i>iT*nriri]ii iinutf 1 inn i iiiißiiiniJWnWMCITY KKAt ESTATE,
GH. DMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, .
Rent Collectors and Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery St., near Market
BARGAINS-JUST RECEIVED.
if A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
<3Snon 3 ELEGANT NKARLY NEW mod.
<2>C\JVU. era flats of 8, 6 and 6 rooms and bath
each: brick foundation, etc. : In one of the best
locations of the Western Addition; always rented-
fSlO per annum,
A V 1 BY CHEAP HOME.
<l ( l'%0 CORKER BAY-WINDOW COT-
&IUO\J. tageof 6 rooms bath: brlc founda-
tion, etc.. and lot. nice garden; half block from
Valencia st
A GOOD >MAI.I. INVESTMENT
£HflOO }) i ST $36 ° P.-.R ANNUM- VA-
COOUU. , lleJ^ su. near Hyde; snbstan.ial
CHEAP LOT* of 4 rooms each : Btreet accepted.
srU2ftO HENRY ST.; "6x115: NR. MAR.
level- on grade?* " ' street accepted by the city;
CORNER UN GOLDEN GATE AYE
$7000 *- ST )RY BAY-WINDOW RESl-
tip tyyi\>. deuce of 9 rooms and bath: brick
83S&n£&5 c 5 s T 109:6: offer waiued -
<">' )o() £" CH ii EDUCED; ONE OF THE
flit ««V beBt inv eitment» in the Mission; 2
L la Of * room * each ana stable; always rented;
SJBBperHnnum: 25x 80: street accepted.
> HEAP WESTERN ADDITION HOME
-< 1"\()() - TUi{ K SI.; STORY HOUSE OF
ion ' 5 rooms and bath, etc.; lot 26:6 x
• 120 to rear st.
MARKET-STREET LOT.
'^3'SnO LAIIOE enough for store
tipUtJ\J\J. and 2 flats; would pay a good In-
terest on the Investment : call and see about this.
OWXtR VERY ANXIOUS TO SELL.
.©Q?v(m COZY KASTLAKE COTTAGE OF
•■. • H*\H'. 7 rooms and bath: briCK foundation,
etc.: nice flower garden: 25x105; 1. astro st
A DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE.
<3! 1 0 XllJ! BUBSTA N T I A L S-STORY
t£)j.\J.(j\J\f. house of 1] rooms and bath;
rick foundation, stone walks, etc.; on Eddy st,
only a few blocks from Mark,
HAYKS-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
.©lf' (\l\t\ KENT $1440 PER ANNUM;
<fi? 1 \J.\ryr\J. substantial improvements: store
'•. and 4 flats: 10. 27:t!x120 to rear street: both
streets accepted: there isn't a belter investment of
its Kind in the cay.
A HOME VEHY CHEAP.
<st { r»H I i 'A 1 KIN ST - : SUBSTANTIAL 2-
©«"»" ■ &.ory and basement bay-window
house of 8 room-* and bath, and lot good locality
A GOOD SPECULATION.
Ct^Onn i; 0:1 tiiE OF FRONTAGE;
<?O\J\J\J. i? 8:10 feet, deep: Presidio Heights-
equal to 6 large lots: fronting on 2 streets: level-
on grade: person can double his money on this
» property Iv a few years.
I property in a few THE MISSION WARM BELT
RESIDENCE IN THE MISSION WARM BELT
- <%*>••■■ 00 SUBSTANTIAL 2 - STORY AND
<jr — — VV7. basement bay-window residence of 7
rooms and bath; brick fouudatlon, etc; house
could not be built for anything like that ficure:
25x100; a real bargain.
. ANOTHER Good LATION.
<i'\o Hi LOr 15 2:2x115 FEET: GOOD LO-
Ki)\J\J(l\J. cation in the Mission and near Mis-
sion st: street work done complete; ready to build
on; this Is an opportunity for doubling money in a
ya&r or two.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
ft'SOOO FINEST.. NEAR DEVISADERO:
»„ OU\J\J. substantial 2-story, bay-w.ndow, of 6
rooms and bath, etc.; nice garden and lot; street
accepted: no reasonable offer. will be refused.
Call and obtain one of our -Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a list of properties for sale
in all parts of the city. .
G. H. UMBSK.N' A CO., 14 Montgomery s..
OTOCKTON.
READ THIS.
■\\ r ARE OFFERING THE CHOICEST POR-
II tion of the estate of Captain C. M. Weber, the
founder of (Stockton, in subdivisions at lowest
prices and liberal terms.
LOTS FROM $250 TO $850.
ALL LOTS WITHIN THE CITY LIMITS OF
Stockton and within 15 minutes' walk of the
business center.
A CHANCE TO MAKE MONEY.
SEND FOR MAPS AND CATALOGUE.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
14 Montgomery St., S. F.,
Or 118 East Main st, Stockton, Cal.
A. H. LISSAK. - O. F. YON KHIIX.
OF. YON RHEIN A CO.. REAL ESTATB
vy. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
. California street. ■• ■
$20,000— Second and Minna: 44x77:6wlthan L;
- 2 stores, upper flat and rear house; rents $117 60.
$15.000— Hayes, near Fillmore; 35x137:6; 3 fine
flats, each 8 rooms and bath; rents £105.
?14,000— Castro and 19th; 30x85; druggist and
hardware stores; 9 flats above: rents $100.
$10,000— Corner Laguna and Fulton; 50x110: 2-
story house: butcber-shOD and fiats: rent* $65 50.
$9OUU— Haight, near Steiner: 25x112:6; 2 fiats,
■ 13 rooms and baths; rents $57 50.
• ?720O— .Hayes, near steiner; 25x82:6;' 2 new
data; rents $52 50. •
00— Oak. near Webster; 25x87:6; 2 flats; 11
rooms and 2 baths; rents $50.
$6500— Green st., nr. Montgomery aye.; 22:11 x
68:9: 3 ha-.-window flats: 17 rooms and baths;
1 rens $57 50.
— Union. near Dupont; 23x68:9; 2-story
house; 8 tenements; rents *52.
$5500— GreeD, near Powell; 37:6x90; 2 3-story
houses: 15 rooms and bath: rent $46.
$4000- Washington, near Powell; 20x57:6; 3-
story residence; 10 rooms and 2 baths: 2 flats;
rent $40.
$4500— Union st , near Hyde: 21x66; 2 flats;
11 rooms and bath: rent $35.
44500— Julian aye., bet. 14th and 15th; 39:10 x
91: 4 flats: rents $42.
$4500— 215t, near Guerrero; 25x114: 2 flats:
rents $39.
$4000— Kearny, near Green: 20x80 to Sonora; 4
flats, 15 rooms, with stable; rents $39.
i» 3600— Leaven worth St., nearValleJo: 20x68:6;
3 flats; 11 rooms and baths; rents $33.
$3300— Union st, near Mason: 2 flats: rents $40.
$310J — stanyan, nearGrattan: 80 feet by Irreg-
ular depth; partially occupied by house; 5 rooms
.and bath: rent $16.
$2900— Jersey, near Diamond; 25x114: 2-story
tj use; 2 fiats; 9 rooms ami bath; rents $25.
. $2500— Valley st, near Church; 27x114:6; 2
fiat's: rents $16 50.
Klizabeth st. near Douglass: 25x114:
cottttge 5 rooms and bath ; rent *14.
$2000- Bay, near Kearny; 22:11x68:9; 2 flats,
9 rooms, rents $19.
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 25th-st railroad station; 61 x
317:6 to an alley. ■• •' V
Corner N and Bth aye,. South S. F. ; 100x10 ).
Fair Oaks and 25th: 30x100.
' 30x70; Jessie st., between 13;h and 14th.
25x 66; Stevenson, near 14th; 4 lots.
■ 23x95; 4 lots; 26th and York. -'■" • ■
$7500— McAllister, near F.Umore; 40x137:6.
30x120; 5 lots; Preclta and California ayes. :
* near Folsom St.
$4000— Polk and Union; 27x67; make offer.
$2250— Union, near Steiner; 28:4x100.
$2000— Hancock st.. near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1200— Cor. B and 26tn aye.; 60x188.
JOHN PSORR, 329 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
Fine corn' r 111 two principal streets, nearly a
60-vara, with old improvements; in Western Ad-
dition.
-' $65J0— A sunny business corner on Clay St.;
rent $60.
$16.500-Rent $130: McAllister st, business
' - portion; 3- story house; 2 store* and flats of 7 rooms
and batn; 35x110.
$12.000— Must be sold: 2-story double-flat house:
9th st., near Mission; can be made into stores.
(6200 — Business property; fine 3-story bay-win-
dow house, store, and 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms
* upstairs: on Geary st . near Steiner: rent $47 50.
$32,000— Kddy st, near Mason; store and lode-
Ing: 25x137:6: rent $160.
I 837,000— Business property; stores and flats;
4 paying $300 per month.
($37,000— DWELLINGS. and flats;
laying $300 per month.
DWELLINGS.
1 $4630— One block from Market and Valenc a
sts.; rent $56: a 3-story, nearly new: 3 flatsofs
and 6 rooms and bath: lot '..6x100: house cost
$5500 to build.
$6 'oo— $80; only $3900 cash, balance on
mortgage; 2 tine double flits on Geary St. and 2
• double flats in the rear; lot 28x125.
$326'J— Ridley st, 1 block N. of Market: cot-
ta;{e 6 rooms and bath: lot 25x100.
$16,5'»0— Post St., near Devlsadero; .7 houses;
large lot; rent $128; make offer.
*85OU-4 fine flats, 21^. blocks N. of Market st;
on llirnore st, and lot 48x81 :t); rent $70.
$6000— An Eastiake nice 2-story house On Treat
aye., opposite Garrield tquare; large lot. 49x112:6
to street In rear; only $150) cash, balance on
mortgage.
$4600— Castro st., near 16th: 2-story modern
built 8-room bous*: .0: 25x100.
$7500— Fine modern residence on Page at, ne»r
entrance to Panhandle, park: lot 27x137:6. ■
$6000— Nod Hill residence; modern built and
arranged; half block from Hopkins Art Institute.
$10,0J0— Sixth st.: substantial 3-story house;
12 rcoms; bath; brick loundation; lot 25x1 80.
UNIMPROVED.
$1500— Corner 23d aye. and A st.; 53:4x100.
$3100— Fine corner !ot on Flilmore st.
RBOO— Noe st. .near Thirtieth; lot 36:6x75.
( 'HAS. J. CAMPBELL A CO.,
v/ ;.-v REAL ESTATE AGENTS
AND AUCTIONEERS.
224 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATE AUCTION FREE.
$800— Must be sold: 2 lots, each 26:10x114;
24th St., nr. Diamond.
I $1000— Lot 25x100 ; Alabama su; near 24th-at
ca ole- curs.
$3-00— F-lezact 8-room residence; on Capp st,
nr. 19t!i; lot 27x122:6.
$1850— Lot 25x100; Lott st, nr. Fell; street
bituminous rock : stone nMewal '
• $3-50— on F-Sl-s:. boulevard, facing the
panhandle; get to quick.
$5160— l-.legant new modern flats of 6 and 7
» rooms: rent s4B; Mi- Allister st
\ $7760— a Eiegant new modern flats; on Page s\;
1 rent $76 60; lot 25x137:6.
' $7800— Remarkably cheap; Pacific aye.; cor-
■ ncr lot; east of Fillmore st.; 31:3x104; marine
view. '-- .
q> AAA 2729JACK8 ST..NX AR SCOTT—
Jj)i UU". Kleirant modern 2-story residence;
27:6x1 27 :8V4: $3600 can remain on mortgage.
. SSsoo— lo4<s Shotwell St., neir24Ui; modern 2-
story residence; 2 rials; lot 25x127:0: reius $27
pur month.
$1950— Treat aye.: west side: 100 feet north
2*4 th St.; 1-story frame: lot 26x1 22 ;6.
CUAS. C. HbHKK, 607 California St.
CITY REAL ESTATE..;..-
MADISON & BI'RKE, KEAL JISTATK
Agents; established 1858; 62U Market St.
SEAWALL; fO-VARA LOT; BEST WARE-
>J house slte-ln city; cor. Lombard and Battery;
only $55,000.
ARCS AIN— MUSTSELLTO CLOSE ESTATE:
• sth, near Folsom; 100x75: covered' with
houses; only $151) per foot asked for this property;
not even the value of vacant land. •
KEARNY-ST. CORNER, NEAR MARKET;
old improvements: renting for $400 per
month; price $85,000.
\IONTGOMERY; BLOCK NEAR CALIFOR-
I" nia: stores and offices paying over 9 per cent
on $100,000; lot 95:6x68:9.
CM X Of) A WEBSTER, NEAR O'FAK-
«U>-LU.OUI/. rell: modern Improvements in
flats; well rented; lot 50x137:6; half cash.
GrOAAA FILLMORE, NR. MCALLISTER;
•ITOV/UVF. elegant flats, renting fors6s; lot 25x
87 :6.
BUSINESS PROPERTY: N LINE HAVES
JL» st, near franklin; lot 25x120 to rear street;
ature, flat and rear house: offered cheap.
Cjfinnn PAGE, NEAR BRODERIf.K: HESI-
<DUUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x
b7:6.
<fc A Z\(\(\ * FLATS; I.OTT ST., NR. GOLDEN
lOUV/. Gate Park; 25x100; yearly rental
$408. - '-*. ■- ~~*.
QQQfiA CALIFOKNIA-ST. COTTAGE, NR.
• tiPuLUU. 3d aye. : 6 rooms and bath; In a rap-
idly improving neighborhood.
OjQAAA dupont ST.. NR. Lombard:
iITOUUU. contains 8 rooms and bath; lot 33:9 x
68:9. •
9 FLATS AND LOT: 9TH AYE.. NR. CALI-
— fornia st. ; rented and paying large income;
10. 25x120: price $3000.
4 FLATS: DE LONG AYE., OVERLOOKING
Golden Gate Park; rents $46; price only $4000.
d£97o.n HARRISON, NR. 12TH; STORE
tip— ( \J\J. and flat; rents $2J; lot 25x80.
Cs9^fin COLLINGWOOD. NEAR 20TH:
ig)£n)\J\J. 27:6x100; contains 5 rooms and
bath; large basement.
<Bi9Rnn ARMY. NEAR DOLORES: COT-
«JP*-OUU. tage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 26x114.
sl9Qnn 27TH ST., NR. DOLORES; 4
tU^OUU. rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
MONTHLY INCOME $49, FOR $4000: NEAR
-I'A Kearny st. and Broadway; lot 20x57 :6.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner California and Locust; 37:6x107:7.
$4250— Green St.. near Fillmore: 37:6x100.
$8500— Pace st, near Baker: 75x137
$: .600-l'ine st.. cor. Lyon; 31:3x80.
$I:oso— Ridley, near Scott: 25x117:8.
$I»U(l— Sanchez st . nr. 16th; 25x100.
$1800— st., near 16.h: 25x75.
$1100— 2 d aye., nr. I'oint Lobos: 25x120.
$1000-A St., near 14th aye.: 85x144.
$1300— 2 d aye.. near California St.- 25x120.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez: 25x114.
$900— California su, n-ar l.'th aye.: '.'s*loo.
S7oo— l'oyce st, nr. Point Lob»«: 25x120.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st
T>OVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND AUCTION-
EERS.
Houses rented, rents collected and full charge
taken of property.
30 MONTGOMERY ST.
GJ9.7CA LOT ON THE NORTH SIDE OF
— «JU. sutter st., east of Broderlck: size
25x80: this is a big barga n and must be si id
within 5 days; lot ready 10 build on.
$£"1 ft OHO FINE RESIDENCE OF 16
J O.\J\J\J. rooms; lot 34:4x134:6 feet: north
side of Broadway; fine view and nice location;
this property must be sold on account of depart-
ure.
©7Cfi LOT IN RICHMOND: 25x120 FEET:
«£) 101/. Tenth aye.; on easy terms; lot all
ready to build on.
Oil fl (\C\C\ CORNER 24TH AND CHATTA-
<£) L\J .\J\J\J . noogasts.; lot 64x100 feet: with
2-story building of two stores and flat above, rent-
ing low at $95 per month; this is a fine corner and
a good investment
Q9fififk LOT 125x120: 20TH AYE. AND D
i£)A\J\J\J. st; will subdivide.
FLATS OF 7 AND 8 ROOMS AND BATH,
renting for $43 per month, for sale; on Capp
st, bet 22d and 23d; s ze of lots 25x122:6 feet;
for particulars apply at office.
dt9^AA 2-STORY FRAME HOUSE OF 6
iv — O\J\J. rooms and bath; lot 26x100 feet; on
York st, near 22d: house almost new.
fITjOAAA 11TH ST., NEAP. HOWARD; COT-
<JpOUUU. tazeof. 5 rooms and bath: can be al-
tered at small expense into flats; lot 23:4x70.
oJM£fin NW. COR.. 16TH AND CASTRO
«IMOUU. sis.; lot 46:5x120 feet: fine view and
well located. • ■ i :-;.;.:-;■
ffIJJAAA LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS ON
i&'±\J\J\J. Fair Oak* st. n ar 22d; size of lot
32x117 feet with cottage. of 5 rooms and bath;
house now renting low at $28 per month.
For further list apply to
BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery street
FOR SALE BY M. B. LEVY
: -<■ (Established 1856),
11 MONTGOMERY STREET.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
©QXAA SIXTH ST.. NEAR FOLSOM: IM-
iptJOyjVJ. provemen s.
(CM?: AAA Hayes ST., NEAR gough;
<$) lO.\J\J\J. well Improved; lot 26x120; 2
frontages.
S77Xfi DEVISADEROST.; in the BEST
«T I I OVJ. business block; lot 28x300; 3 lines
of cars pass the premises.
<&99 AAA REDUCED FROM $H0,000: Mo
tjPZiZf.UUU. Allister st.: lot 82:6x120: 2 front-
ages; well improved; ben bargain ever offered.
© 7Cnfi REDUCED FROM $10,000: GROVE
«JJ) I UUU, st., N. side, bet yon and Lott; 3
modern flats; nearly new: good bargain.
Cj/iKfifi REDUCED irf-ROM $5500; LOTT
ttP^tO»»V/.st; 2 modern-built flats; lot 25x106.
© A(\f\C\ REDUCED FROM $7500; BUILD-
«JPIUUU. ins lot; cor. 28th and Noe sis.; lot
135x114; street made and sewered, ready to
build on. .
NAPSHOTS FOR BARGAIN-SEEKERS.
$1850;. 50x80 feet; W. side De Long aye.. near
Frederick st.
$800—125x100; cor. Berkshire and Hamilton
sts.; Mission and Thirtieth Extension Homestead
Union. •- :^
$550— For both lots; 25x100 a side A st, bet
21st and 22d ayes., out-due lai d<; 25x100; N. side
-•utinyside aye., beu Concroand Detroit sts., Sunny-
side Homestead Asscclnilon. : •
$400—55x182; N. side Addison st. 330 feet E.
Castro: bluck 33, Fairmount Tract, a.so fronts on
Beacon st.
*200-40x199; N. side Pope st, 425 feet R of
Mission; B"rnal Homestead.
300—25x137:6; W. sids 14th aye., bet Band C
sts.; outsiu* lands.
CII AS. C. FISHER. 507 California st
OMK FIGURES TO MAKE YOU THINK.
RENT OF ORDINARY HOUSE, $25.
EIGHT YEARS' RENT, $2400
RESULT, a LOT OF RIvNT KECEIPTa
BUY A HOME FOR $2600.
PAY $25 MONTHLY.
RESULT, YOU OWN YOUR OWN HOME.
Take Miislon-st cars and transfer at 22d st, ride
to Hoffman aye. and examine the 5 new cottages
now being-built on the Ueyman Tract James A.
Cotter, resident agent, win show. you around.
JACOB HE YMAN, owner, 11 Montgomery st
DO YOU WANT TO BUY A HOME? WE CAN
sell you a 5- room and bath cottage on Dolores
st. (the Van Ness aye. 01 the Mission) for $2750
on easy terms; also a 4-room aud bath cottage on
Dolores st. for $2300 0n easy terms. These houses
are modern in every way and are very cheap: iliey
were built by day woric and of the very . est mate-
rial: If the plan don't suit we will build 10 your
ideas on a good lot in the same block. Houses for
sale from $1080 up; Installment lots $3,0 up. on
$5 monthly payments. E. .V. LONG, 3207 22d
st, cor. Mission, or at new houses on Dolores st.
between 2Cth and 27th. A watchman theie to
show you around.
<%I 7 Pj( 0 A WELL-IMPROVED CORNER
T *. I .O 1 \J. on Leaven wortti st, near Califor-
nia; Income $1680 per annum. " IW
$3500 only-For 4 new flats on Clement St., i
renting for $42 per month, or 14 per cent a year.
<SR^nn~ FOR ONE OF THE BEST GRO-
tIPOOUU cerv corners In the Western Addition;
siz-; of lot 33x95. '
$4000— Cor. 9th aye. and I st: this will be busi-
ness proper y: size 100x120. s ,
$7600— For a corner 60-vara on Laguna st
$1400— A choice lot on 14th St., near Noe- part
cash: if desired, will build on the lot and sell on
easy terms: lot 26x115.
$2000— 23 d st., near Douglass; size 75x114
ENUUSH A MORRI 628 Market st.
T MUST DISPOSE OF MY 3 NEW FLATS 1
■L block from Market st, on wide thoroughfare 'to
obtain immediate money lor other business pur-
poses: the party buying will obtain a bargain- all
rented che^p at $53 per month. Address Hyde,
box 90, Call OlThe. J '
SI 07 X EUREKA AND .NINETEENTH
•F I*J I «J. sis., NW. corner; here Is a snap'
must sell: street work done; - beautiful view-
worth twice the money i-sked; large lot. ■ '
Cheap— Four lots bet. J and K. on 45th aye.
$2000— Four flats on W. corner, near Bth aud
Folsom sts , paying »82 per month: this is a fine
buy. •
$60Q0-Fell st, N. line, near Webster: 2 flats, 6
and 7 rooms, paying $55 per month; no flats as
cheap in this locality. - ■ •- .- ■
J. W. WRIGHT A CO., 628 Market st.
qjjTKAA PAYS 10 i'KR CENT NKT; IN-
tip I %J\l\J. ve-tmeiu near 6UI and §»ion st •
lot 40 feet front;- Income $7- a month: a snap'
O. W. ARMBKU>TER. 24 Montgomery at-
IMPROVED FLAT*, 17 DOUGLASS ST., FOR
1 sale cheap; lot 25x148.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH T, 1897.
' CITY KEAL ATK.
BALDWIN HOWELL.
successors to Baldwin A Hammond.
BUSINESS CORNER, HAVES VALLEY.
*JU 1 n PwOA pays 7 cent and only
<P±U.UU\'. partially improved;. distant two
bocks from Market St.: lot 30.\9J; always rented.
© QOnn FINE MIS-lON COTTAGF, NEAR
«3POUU\J. "Nobby. Clark's" mansion: 2-slo.y
and 'raent residence of 8 rooms, bath, laundry,
etc. ; this is a bargain.
CjioCAp, RENT $.7 oO: TERMS, $500 CASH,
<©.£UUv/. balance 1 i easy monthly payments:
3 flats of 3, 4 and 5 rooms; Clara st, bet 4th and
6 in.
Q'JOAA NATOMA ST., NR. 7TH ; 4 FLATS
<ir«J^iUU. rented for if 36 per month: lot 20x75;
a big bargain; cail for particulars
©1 CAA ANOTHER BARGAIN— ZOE ST.,
(01 OxJyj. close to Bryant and Tlilrd— 2-story
house, 2 flats; lot, 25x75; rent $16. '
G>O-\ fin GOUGH .VI., NR. FULTON—
«lrUi «-) • . bay-window residence of 11 roonn
ana lath; a fine cnaucj to secure a good home
near town. . ■ • •
JjJOQAA KENT $38; 2D ST., NR. BRYANT;
«IPOOUU. 2 flats of 6 and 6 rooms and bath.
flJl47f\o $500 Cash, balance same AS
ijpT'ltJU. rent; a great bargain; fine new 2-
story house of 8 rooms, bath, etc. : Church St., nr.
19th: lot 25x100.
S7AAA 3-STORY building CONTAIN-
«H) i UIM./. ing 2 stores and 2 flats above of 5
and 6 rooms each; Pacific St.. nr. Leavenworth;
reuts $64; lot 38x77.
©Of-AA 29TH ST., NR. SANCHEZ; STORE
<Jp — L/UU. and 3 rooms in rear and 6 rooms
above; also rear home of 3 rooms; also stable;
. lot 50x114.
<B>/'-AA LYON ST., NR. GROVE— 2 NEW
fIUdUU, flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rent
$60, lot 25x120.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
•ft 1 Q (\fi(\ 24iH -T. CORNER, 75x100:
tJp.LG.UUU. l.i.provements; 2-story frame,
containing 4 stores and 3 flats of 4 rooms eat h;
rants $102 50; always rented.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
<Jfcl 9 (\f\fl MAKE AN OFFEK; MUST BK
<JT IZ. \t\)V. sold: fine large lot, s'-'x137:6:
l'evisadero st, not fur from oaic; 2-story resi-
dence of 10 rooms, etc.; in good repair; coming
business proj erty. '. ' ■■;:.:.
A GOOD BUY.
QQ-TAA NEARKAfGHT AND FILLMORE
fZpCOVJyf . sts.; 4 »ood modern flats; rented for
$70: improvements are in apple-pie order; act
| quickly. -\. ■'■'■_
! (Jt^'T^A 2 FLATS OF 6 AND 7 R OMBAND
<JpU I OU. bath each; lot 27:6x127:8-. rent $65;
Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST COTTAGE IN THE CITY.
$9/',- A BRAND-NEW COTTAGE OF 6
~\)O\.'. rooms: splendid sanitary plumbing,
porcelain tub, etc.; Eur kast., near 19th.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER.
i <Bil (I f^fkn -MAKE AN OFFER: RENT
! ®±.\J.O\JV. $112 50; 1 ddy-st. corner, near
i Buchanan: lot 38x90; three 2-story houses in
splendid condition.
Send for printed list.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
AHEAP HOX/SE AT
\J NORTH BEACH.
$1200 only: 2-story bouse of 5 rooms, also rear
bouse of 2 rooms: rent $10; close to Pacific and
Mason. BALDWIN it HOWE .L,
10 Montgomery st
I _ .
SHAINWALD, BITCKBKK & CO., /ihAL fib-
TATE AGENTS,
ilB-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILL!*
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
BARGAINS IN RICHMOND.
$1800— Lot 62:6x120 feet; 11th aye.. near Clem-
ent s:. ■ offer wanted; must oe sold.
$350— Fifth ay, ., near Clemen. ; lot 25x120 feet.
$900— Lot 120x12J feet: .-5h aye.
$7.,o— Ten.h aye., near Point Lobos aye.; lot
25x120 feet.
$700— Eleventh aye., near Poiut lobos aye. ; 2
lots 25x120 each.
*450— NE. cor. on C st : 45x100 f et.
$400— Twentieth aye.. near Cal -. lot 25x120 feet
$275— A bargain: 17th aye.: lot 25x120 feet.
$2UO-C st; 3 lots: 25x100 each.
$5500— Reduced from $7500 to make an Imme-
diate sail; good 2-story residence ot 7 rooms and
bath; lot 30x90 feet; would make a g-.od business
corner; '_'4th st and San Jose aye.
$2600— Pretty biy- window c ttage on Clement
St., near Second aye.-. 5 rooms and bath: high
semen:; terms about $.;.m» ia-h, balance in
monhly paymei:s equ I tore-it
$4000-^Two cood cottage* on Post-st, nr. Lyon;
4 and 4 rooms and bath; lot 48x75 feet; street
work all done.
$5500— Fell St.. near Steiner: lot 65x137:6: a
bsautifi 1 iesldrnce site; fine view of the city.
. $>>000— Baker at, near emrance 10 t, olden Gate
I Park: elegant residence of 11 rooms and batn
(new) : lot ix 96 ft. *""
$12,500— Hayes st, ( pp. public square: fine new
residence of 10 rooms nn-1 batn; all modern Im-
j povements: fine view of bay and city; 10t27:6x
$35J0— New cottage on Pine st.; 8 rooms and
• bath; lot 27:5x;03 feet; stable; reduced from
I $5 000 to mate quick sale.
I $1000— Guerrero st. ; lot reduced from $1500;
I lot 25x75.
$4000— Good 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath
on Clay St., opposite public park; lot '.5x127 :8 1 /*;
lot alone worth price nsxid.
$:000— Terms $200 cash, balance $10 monthly:
modern cottage 01 5 rooms and bath, with a good
stab lo: 25x123: Dame st
$950— 5 th nva.: price reduced; bet. Point Lobos
and Clement; 25x120; cheap.
$1500— Stevenson, near 14th: lot 25x80.
$1500— Jessie, near Ridley ; lot 25x70.
$8000— Business proper on Folsom St., near
12th; store and flats; rents $55 net; lot 25x87:6;
offer wanted.
$3750— Modern 2-story house on nartford st
near 20th; 6 rooms and bath; rented at present
tor $20: tenant pays vi er: lot 25x125.
$2100— Lot and imp. on 15th St.. near Guerrero;
lot 3 )xllO feet: house of 7 rcoms.
$60'J0 — Webster St., near California: residence 7
rooms and bat 1 lot 27:8x81:3.
The above Is only a partial list We will be glad
tc lurnish a complete list on application.
SHAINWALD, BUCK BEE A CO.,
218-2.0 Montgomery st , Mills bui dine
CENTKR A SPADER,
V^ Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors,
11 Montgomery st., under Lick House.
<£•£' AAA 'HOICft DOWNTOWN BUSl-
i\r\JO.\J\'\J . ness corner; north of Market St.:
stores and rooming-house; renting for $450 per
month; large lot, 68:9x100; call for particulars.
(EjTAAA CORNER STORE AND FLAT OF
r\p I \J\J\J. 6 rooms and bath; choice tu-ines,
location; lot 25x100.
<B* "I 9 AAA OAK-sT. FLATS: RENTING
'ID -I-^ • v uv . for $102 per month; modern 3-
s;ory flat house of 6. 6 and 7 rooms; lot 25x120 to
rear street
eg ('A A A NEW HOUSE 'IF 2 FLATS ON
tSKJ\J\J\J. Ellis St. : 6 and 7 rooms, baths and
basement ; street woik done: well rented: lot 25.x
137:6.
Cj9C;aa snap ON BUSH st.; COTTAGE
tJ)Zi\J\J\J. of 5 rooms and rear house of 3 rooms-
lot 27:6x137:6; lot worth price asked.
$-;7AA CHEAP LOT, 45x80, ON DE LONG
_. i \J\J. aye.. south of Frederick.
CENTER A SPADER,
11 Montgomery st
€j/t^CWI 2 -STORY 9 -ROOM HOUSE IN
•JPtrtJUU. perfect order with handsome garden;
lot 75x1i:0: only 1 minute from t.rand-st. station;
terms as easy as rent. I). BKUTON, 1630 Rail-
road aye., Alameda, or 701 Front st San Francisco.
SACRIFICE; BW. COR, TWENTIETH ST.
O and Treat aye., 26x110; grand park lots,
sunny side Page. i.7 :6 from corner West Sbrader,
60x100. Owner, Herd Institute. 1205 Market st.
GOOD RESIDENCE IN 8. F. FOR Ex-
change; Alameda property only; send a de-
scription to 3207 Twenty-second street; (no agents
need apply).
SOL GETZ A BROTH F.R, '
REAL, ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
low PRICES, GRKAT bargains.
TAKB ADVANTAGE OF our JUDICIOUS
purchases, get a lot cheaper than you ever will
again. 
(il. lAA $150 TO $300: BUILDING LOTS;
<JP 1 \J\J. no grading; near Mlsslon-sU and- San
Mateo electric car lines; only $5 monthly.
$7' $100. $150 TO $800; CHOICEST LOTH
»Jp 10. south of the park; near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stand and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly installments. ' '
flt»>^n TO $1100: RICHMOND LOTS: WE
tJJ*i*-»J»/ can positively suit you In location, price
and terms- '
Call on us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams. t-±TC'->'
SOL. GETZ A BROTHER.
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
CC. BEMIS, •• ■■.;■• ~~
. KEAL ATE AND LAND AGENT,
:. ,v; 524 MONTGOMERY. ST.
FOR SALK.
Choice buildlnzlot on Army and 27th sts.: close
to electric road.
f4so— Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st. overlook-
ing the l'resHlio and bay. ■ . . , ,
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park: 26x137:6 teet; electric roao. passes houses;
make offer. • . . . . • . •
8500-KlCßant NW. corner of Col« and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north or park. ;■ . .
Bargain— S W. cor. 1-iftu ay. and U st: 109x95 ft
ACKIFICED FOR CASH— SW. COR. FOLSOM
SACRIFICED FOll CA^Ii— SW. COB. FOI.SO.V.
and 21st sis. 65x90, wilt subdivide; also SW.
20 h and Treat avr., 26x110.'. :
- Page st., N. side, 37:6 feet from cor. Shrader,
bet. Hhrader and Sianyan; 60x100. Inquire of
owner, Herb Institute, 1205 Market at. "
CITY REAL ESTATE.
J^ ASTON, ELI>RIDGK A CO.
2JASTON, ELO RIDGE -i CO.
EASTON. ELDRIDUK & CO.
638 market st.
' 638 MARKET st.
638 market st.
®Q'nn fine; nr. gough: house 11
»J>OivUU. rooms and ba'.h; sunny side; lot 30x
137:6. .
,j.oa ( |A GOLDEN GATE AYE., NR. DE-
<JpOUUU. vlsadeio; 2 flaM of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath and basement: lot -.7:6x100. .
© AAfl RIDLEY ST.— 2 FINE FLATS OF
<JpOv'Uv. 5 and 6 rooms and bath; street wont
all done.
<JU^nnn SK - COR. 22D AND SANCHEZ;
tJp«Jv'\ *U. store and 4 rooms and flat of 5 rooms
and bath; also b ■seimnt: new and modern.
fTnnn NEAR mason and WASHING-
(IP IUUU. ton: 2 houses of 7 rooms a d bath
each; 45-foo: f . ootage," ; r'V: , '-.
$}X.&l\f\ NEAR2ISI AND GUERRERO; 2
tJpOOVJV. flats of 6 and 6 rooms and bath; lot
30x114.
m»/»i rf\ FREDERICK, NKAR ASHBURY:
rjpO J O\', pair of line flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; only 2 years old.
rtJjQOrz-v DOUGLAS AND 24TH; COT-
(In^ZuU. tage of 5 rcoms and bath; lot 25
X 125.
<2il7^n A SNAP;. FINE BUILDING LOT;
«3) I % O\J. reduced for quick sale; Golden Gate
aye., near Baker St.; 25x137:6.
$Oifif\ * FINE LOTS NEAR SANCHEZ j
•irtv'U. and 23d; level anJ ready for build-
ing; lot 101:10x114 leet; just light to build cot-
tages and sell readily. ■■'. '■'. •:-.-
C'/fOnn NEAR GEARY AND TAYLOR;
tJtrZUU. 25x56; 4 tenements: rents $40.
©•7nfin HOLLY PARK, ONE BLOCK FROM
«JP«-UUU. Mlsslon-st. electric cars; cottage 5
rooms and bath; easy Installments; lot 25x127.
WE have in ALL CLASSES OF PROPERTY
all PARTS OF THE city.
- make yoir wants known
and WE WILL BE pleased
TO SEND YOU a LIST.
KASTON, £LDItIDGE & CO.,
EASTON, ELDR DGE <fe CO.,
KASTON, ELUR.DOE& CO.,
638 MARKET STBEET.
6 8 MARKET STREET.
638 MARKET sI'KKKT.
T ANDSOF THE
ESTATE OF LELAND STANFORD, Deceased,
„ FOR SALE
BY, ORDER OF
MRS. JANE L. STANFORD, Executrix,
SANTA CLARA COUNTY - "COON" AND
O '•Felt" tracts, adjoining Stanford University; a
beautiful site for homes; 1262.84 acres.
SAN LUIS OBISP-t COUNTY— "McCOPPIN"
tract; fertile vegetab c land; 2 miles south of
San Luis Obisoo; 320 acres. r;., v 's';"
OEDIiANDS. SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY—
it Within the limits of the beautiful city of
orange grows; 28- ucres.
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY— THE "GOVERN-
ment" or 'Gwin" ranch, fronting on Suisun
Bay, 6 miles east of Martinez; 2957 82 acres.
rTEHAMA COUNT Y— "COPELAND" RANCH;
X frontln.' on the Sacramento River, adjoining
the "Vina" ranch. 20 miles south of Kei Bluff: a
complete horse farm; 22 08 acres.
ALSO "SHAFiSB" RANCH; 1^ MILES EAST
therefrom;, 240 acres.
For further particulars address
Mcakik BROTHERS, Real Estate Brokers and
Financial Agents,
108 Montgomery tt., San Francisco.
4 -ROOM COTTAGE: NEW; SUNNY: $1160:
tt terms $50 cash, $12 per month. THE McCAß-
thy Company, 646 Market st.
ONLY 1 LEFT— NEW HOUSES. JUST COM-
pieted; sunny side Cole St.. near Waller; 10
rooms; large lot, 126 feet deep; greet to be bltu-
mlnlzed. Apply on premises.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. ■
GH. UMBSEN & CO.
DAVID BUSH, Manager Country Dept.
14 MONTGOMERY ST. •
ourrAFOK 160 ACRES OF LAND NEAR
tJD • O\J Fruto, Ulenn County; 40 acres cleared
small orchard; house; barn; chicken-houses; good
water; good soil; title United States patent.
&1 jAA 10 ACRES NEAR M.RTINEZ; 4
<Jpl'i''U. acres young orchard In bearing; 6
acres Zlnfandel wine grapes: good house, barn,
poultry-hou>»s: incubator brcodcr<: 100 brown
Leghorn chickens; tiorse, wagon, etc : part cash;
land 1 ■..■•! for any purpose may be had adjoining
at 455 per acre; this is a bargain. -
d f\(\f\ CASH— BALANCE ON MORTGAGE
tT 1 "U" at 7 percent will buy 211/4 acres just
outside town limits of Redwood City: 5 acre* In
orchard cf prunes and cherries, new: 114 acres In
asparagus; 1 acre in rhubarb: 2 acres In berries;
balance vegetable land; house of 6 rooms- barn:
chicken-houses; ttrteslan water; a 1 the stuck and
tools on ihe place; or will rent to a responsible
party tor $.>OO per annum- :\  ;■
SO&flfl 25 ACRES LEVEL VALLEY
• !uvv/i land, near Napa: 16 acres beating
orchard; house completely furnished; all the
stock, tools and agricultural Implements on the
place, part cash, or would exchange for S. F.
property. .:>":;-
-©QrCAA 40 ACRES, NEAR LOS GATOS: 9
H£)jtjO\J\J. tcres In orchard, mostly tearing, of
good level land; 10 acres hay or grain, land sligblly
rolling; 20 acres pasture land, well wooded and
watered, part could be cultivate .1; good house of
6 large rooms: barn, chicken bouses and ottier out-
buildings, with all the stock and tools on the
p!u<e; this Is a beautiful, picturesque place; part
cash.
(JJ.QXAA 24 ACRE-, NEAR LIVERMORE;
tS'OOxjy.r. 14 acres In orchard of prunes, apri-
cots, plums and almonds, balance main land;
good house, barn, windmill ami lank, and other
outbuildings, with all the stock and tools on the
place.
dh^fTA.V ACRE-320 ACRES NR. ELMIRA.
)Jb »)U|>'olano County: 50 acres full-bearing wine
vineyard, small family orchard; balance all level
grain lard: farmhouse of 11 nous, barn, winery,
dia.illery, windmill and tank: all the stock and
tools go with the place; part < ash. . % ■■■ ■■; ■
ffli'A AN ACRE— I6O ACRES. NH. TULARE
<Jr»JV' 0 ty: 18 acres in raisin vineyard, 12 acres
In orchard, 40 acres In alfalfa, balance In grain;
flowing artesian well; h»r .-finished house; good
outbuilainga; all in perfect condition.
VI ILL V>LLEY-A LOVELY COTTAGE
i'l home In etioice location at a bargain. •
LOK RENT— IOOO ACRES OF GOO I -PASTURE
r land near Niles Alameda County; suitable for
milk ranch or good stock place; rent $250 cash: 1
railroad station on the olace.
• ;^ - WOLFSKILL TRACT.
ON PUTAH CRKh.K, BOLANO COUNTY,
near the town of Winters: the earliest fruit and
vegetable land in the state; we are selling 20 to
60 acre tracts of this celebrated ranch for »30 per
acre, one-quarter cash, balance in 8 annual pay-
ments, at 6 per cent interest; send for descriptive
circular.
lift ACRES, ALL A 1 LAND NEAR MOL'N-
£\) tain View: 2100 prune trees, 173 almonds, 6"
orange and small assorted orchard for sale I or ex
change, and own- r pay cash difference for San
Francisco property: price $7000. •■• .
A Qf\ ACRES: GOOD LAND FOR ORANGE,
tOU lemon and fruits: located near Porterviile
and only 7 miles from railroad; all under the Irri-
gation ditch; priiesls per acre; sale or exchange.
QWEET- POTATO LAND AT MERCED; 20
0 acres and up; low price; enwy terms; best pay-
Ing farm product that, can be r«Utd. SHAIN-
WALI), BUCKBEK <fc CO., 218 *20 .Montgomery
St., Mills building,
TVTAPA VALLEY FARM; 77 ACRES; ALL UN-
■*■' der cultivation good orchard; new . 9-room
bouse; barn and outbuildings: well stocked with
implements, wagons, horses, cows and chickens;
located 4 miles south of NBpa, half mile from
'1 hompson station; will sell at half cost to close an
estate. D. BRUTON, 701 front St., San Francisco.
PRODUCTIVE VINEYARD: A BARGAIN;
X would exchange. W. B. LAKE, room. 70. Co-
umbian building. : . ' . ...
U>OR SALE OR ALFALFA LANDS
1 under canal, San Joaquln Co., on railroad; near
Stockton; $25 per acre. McaFKk BROS., 108
Montgomery st. ;
ONLY $10 PER ACRE: 140 ACRES NEAR
Walnut Creek, Contra Costa Co.; 4 miles from
railroad. MCAFEE BKOS>, 108 Montgomery st.
SAN MATEO LOT, 100x180, GRIFFITH A YE. •
cheap. Add res* H. P., 607 Cnppst.
A GOOD FARM IN MONTEREY COUNTY
-' V of 160 acres: house, barn, etc.; 100 acres good
farming land; sell at a sacrifice. - ■. . . ■•. ...  - .-»
Fruit farm of 10 acres, 40 miles from San Fran-
cisco; house, barn and. outbuildings; very easy
terms. : . .. ■'■ ~■■ ■ .:•'■ ";,;;,'•-■-
-; For ! rent— lBs acres, ■with Improvements; 100
acres quOd farming land, balance- pasture; low
rent. Win K. ALSIP. i CO., Mill* building,
San Francisco. V . ____.'•- -.- ;. :
SAN -RAFAEL— BARGAIN; NEW 8-ROOM
bouse; all modern appliances; on one of prin-
cipal streets; 10t4(j% by 120; must be sold; price
$3000; make offer. Wu. J. MILLER, B«D Rafael.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATK-Continued.
j VIcMAHAN ESTATE ' /
COLONY TRACT
Is being sold In small holdings to actual settlers
at reasonab c pr.ces and on most favorab c terms;
no land in the world in richer than that in the val-
ley of the I'utah crft k; none can surpass in fer-
tility of soil and beauty of locat'on the McMahan
rancho, adjacent to the to.vn of Winters.
Formerly a part of, the old Woifskill grant,
known far and wide as the very be,t tr;ic: of land
In California. Putah creek flows through ihe -Vie-
Maban tract and every foot of the 40C0 acres now
being subdivided will produce anything, from
cabbages and onions to oranges, lemons and pome-
grannie?. The location Is but 75 miles from Pan
Francisco and. is in the midst of as beautiful a
country as one could wish to see. It is an ideal
region for the intelligent, inaustrious, welt-to-do
home-seeker. ■ . . ■ > . ;
. Send for maps and full information. .
• BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG.
: 30 Montgomery hL, & F.
WE ARE BELLING. THAT SPLENDID NTJT
orchard of the Hatch-Armstrong Nut and
Iruit Company; 20-^cre lots: all full-bearing
trees; don't fall to Inquire about this.
BOViiE, IOY <fc SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery st.
AlO-ACKE PRUNE ORCHARD: ON' LEVEL,
rich bottom land; fronting on Alameda Creek,
in Alameda County.
BOVEE, TOY <fe SONNTAG,
SO Montgomery St.
THE 1500-ACRE GOAD TRACT, IN ALA-
meda County, Is coins; In subdivisions of 25
acres up as low as 9 5 per acre; send for map
and description.
BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
30 Montgomery at.
BLUE LAKES SUMMER RESORT. WITH
260 acres and all building improvement", is
offered for sale or exchange; this proper. y is clear
of all debt: aub.nii an orf r.
BOVEE, IOY A SONNTAG, '
v; 7 . SO Montgomery st.
A SUBDIVISION OF LITTLE ORCHARD
homes, only 30 miles from this city; 10 acres
up in full bearing orchard; * fronting stream,
county road and lailroad; sen I for mnpj.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, .
*• f 30 Montgomery st.
A LMOST GIVEN AWAY.
xL
• ; , 616 acres. $25 pT acre: near San Leandro, Ala-
nietla County; divide 1 by stream running all the
year; hous< 10 rooms: barn and numerous om-
lions'.'.s: 100 acres now in wheat; all fenced: a
porMon can be irrigated; stock and tools go with
the place; an easy drive from Oakland.
BOViiE, TOY <fc SONNTAG,
tO Montgomery st.
RARE OPPORTUNITY— AT HALF VALUE,
XV $25 to $3.i. p*r acre: Pleasanton, Alameda
Cjunty. li. J. DiGGLb, 69 Columbian building,
Market St., San Franci&co.
AT HALF PRICE, VINEYARD IN ALA-
meda County; 7 years old: in tracts of 6
acres up; sold by order of court to settle state;
part cash; Immediate profit: fullest investigation
invited. Administrator, box 130.
GOOD LAND: $3 TO $40 AN ACRE. M. M.
GRIFFIN, lottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
ffl-C AN ACRE; IVBU ACRES TIMBER; GOOD
tiyO for stock or fiuit; plenty water, a, box 40.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California landn for sale ov H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71, Chronicle building, san Francisco, Cal.
T ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
Xj proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 1 years' credit. . D. H. TWING, So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
I . . .
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
O^LOTSHON ELKVENTS~AvIirrN^TR~p7}INT
— ■ Lobos, to exchange or ranch or house and lot.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
&f\n HOUSES, LOTS, RANCHES AND BUSI-
O\J\J ness places- H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market
VOH EXCHANGK-A LOT IN SEATTLE,
S- Wash., for second piano. R. 1., box 64, Call.
(JJjCnn EQUITY IN NICK COTTAGE AND
«3)OUU $200 In cash to exchange for most any-
thing. E. B. RABB, 1316 East Eleventh st., Oak-
land.
FOR OUR Llrsl" OK ORCHARD HOMKS
0 lor sale. WUO9TXK A WHITTuV. San Jo«^.
PROPERTY WANTED.
I WANT TO BUY FOR SPOT CASH CITY
.business or Income property under $30,000;
state particulars and price. R. P., box 135, Ca.l.
WANTED TO JIUY AN IMPROVED RaNCH
TT from $1000 to $2000 in Napa or Alameda
County. Address C. D., box 76, Call Office.
MONEY TO AN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. In S. F. , Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41. .
A LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS,
• jewelry, sealskins and silverware; Interest
low. Cut-Rate Loan Office, 7 Flood building, 809
Market st. ; , ' ■,v
ffI)«)AA Ann AT 6 Va F£R CENT ON CITY
«JpOvU.V/VU real estate; also Oakland: estates,
life insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor. -
lOULY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
HIGHLY ]<K>PKCTABLK AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Markeu
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3. ;
ffi»OQPL nfifY AT BANK KATE*: IST AND
ijpOZiO.\J\JVt 2d mortgages, estate*, ieni\ eta:
nd as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 624 Market sc
■\%T HY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
'» We loan at 66c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
<fI!9A fif\(\ TO LOAN ON CITY REALE--
«JpZU.UUVJ late; 6 per cent. M. B. LEVY. 11
Monteomery st.
ON .FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
1 OANS ON REAL ESTATE: LOWEST RATE
Interest. J AS. B. 8R00K 5.214 Pine, r 5B-59.
Jot interest. JaS. B. 8K00K5.214 Pine, r5B-59.
ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS; NO RE-
moval; low rates; private p.uty. 219 Powell, r. 3.
ON PIANOS AND FURNITURE. ■WITHOUT
removal: very low interest. 116 McAllister st.
PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
XT security: Interest low. Add. J. W., box 45, Call.
MONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE; ANY
amount. Williams, 214 Pine at., room 3.
<J>rf\ TO $50,000; Low k- f lAI i- : ttfX &*D
mortgage, Hut orinstlmnt. DnrUen, 535 CaU
» DVANCES ON DIAMONI)S,JKWKLRY,I''.TU
A Columbia Loan A collateral Office, 'J (-rant aye.
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — THa
. V WEEKLY CALX* In wraooer, for mailing.
HORSES. t
\f\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
JtU buggies, carts, hnrness; Grand Amide Horn
Market, 327 sixth st.: auction sales every Wed*
nesday. SULLIVAN &DO VLB. Auctioneers.-. ;■.
ijKlB RALE CHEAP-40 YOUNG WORK AND
J 1 business horses; aUo 10 mules. Cor. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts. .
cf\ HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
Ovbuslness 900 to 1500 pounds. O:d Turk-st. car
stables, 1801 Turk; team of large young mules. . :
CAA SET NEW. AND. SECOND-HAN HAS-
«JUU ness: all kinds: boggy, wagon, cart*, surra/ ,
A rockawar : 40 cheap j horses. 15th and Valencia.
GOOD HORSE IN EXCHANGE FOR PLUMB-
VJ, ing work. 623 Gulden Gate aye.
1 ARGE STABLE AND LOFT FOB KENT
Ij cheap. . Linden aye., near Van Ness. ; '
LL KINDS OF TURNOUTS TO LET AND
for sale. M.F. BOYCE'S livery stable. 38 12th st
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
PUTTER, FGGS AND PRODUCE WAGON;
1) new and: second-hand wagons; cheap. 1340
Turk st. r.V ■ "' ■■■ : '"•■■■ ' ' '. .•"'■: :•.•■'
SACRIFICE — FAMILY CARRIAGE AND
double harness: make an offer. 1017 East
Fifteenth st., Oakland. : '
AT' W AND sECOND-HAND BAKER, LACN-
X\ I dry and milk wagon; ; also : fine top buggy and
rockaway. 828 Harrison st. - ■ f •■
ATTORNEYS- AT-UW.
' ■ ..*-■-.■-■■' - ' ~' nn -,- r .' rtr .'- rtr , f , - -'„'- *,:„„ *hl- \1
ADVICK FREE: DIVORCE LAWS A BPEC-
ialty : private; no fee without success: probate.
insolvency, wills.. collections, bills of sale, deeds,
damages, etc. ; private detective*: estab. 10 years.
O. W. HOWE, 850 Market St., corner Stockton st. ]
A DVIOEFREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS BUO
J\. cesaful. W.W. DAVIDSON, ; 827 Market st.
KW. KING, ATTOBNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
JLv. j lcle building; advice free; low fe^'S: all cases,
ADVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
"A. cessful. J. U. JISFFBEB3. 632 Market, rm, VS.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE—OPS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOMES IN OAKLAND
$.18S0— ElegHnt new house, 8 rooms: fine lo-
cation: large lot, 60.t140: would cost $5001) to du-
plicate: easy terms.
$2600— N«-w '/--tory house, 7 rooms; worth
$3500: $.'5O or $5('U cash .
$1550— Modern bavwinlow, 5-room cottage near
station: good i.e.ghborboxl; mortgage of $llr;0
can remain. .-
slo.soo— Hegant place at Claremont: cost $23,-
-000; 5 acres; finest . grounds around Oakland:
owner a i. on-resident: will sell or exchange
$8000— -lghtlv fruit place at HaywarJs; will ex-
chanze.
' $2000— Pretty! modern, well-built <ottage; large
lot; cost $ 000: can borrow $1600 for purchaser;
seller wonts cash. WILLIAM J. IjINGKE,
4t'O Eighth St.. Oakland.
O»Q.--n NEW COTTAGK OF FOUR LARGE
tJp»7«)U. raoms. 2 closets an I pantry; 7 foot
basement: chicken-house; fine well and pump:
lot 81x108; fenced.
Sl'.OU— Only 3 blocks from Fruitvale station:
new boiis) of 6 rooms and bath; large lot; $300
cash, balaice to suit.
$1275— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
fine mantel; high basement; lot 50x141; only 1
block frjm Fruitvale aye.: terms if desired.
/ IL A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale station.
©O^n NEW 4 ROOM COTTAGK: HARD-
<S!>JuV. finished; lot 81x108; at Fruitvale:
good chicken ranch- and very ch-ap. , ALDEN-
GARFIELD CO., 902 Broaaway, « akland.
$M (\E\fl LODGI.NG-HOUSK. 42 ROOMS, ON
tJpIUUU. Broadway; clears $100 per month;
investigate. ALDKN-GARFIELD CO., 902 Broad-
way, Oakland. . . ::?.:"^>C
C;9/-nrj we have one or more new
•^JUUKjyj, modern 8-room bouses for sale at $30
per month and no cash down; also a • ott age at
$15 per month, no cash down. ALDEN-GAR-
-I'IELD COMPANY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ft- X/JA I^Al'-V; 18 COWS; ONE ACRE
tji • UUV/. and improvements: paying: near
Oakland. ALDEN-GARtIELD COMPANY, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
fljOXHn FIVE ACRES, WELL LOCATED
(jpOUUV/. at Frultvale. ALDEN-GARFIELD
COMPANY. £02 Broalway, Oakland.
WANTKD— LOT 3Jx120, IN WESTERN AD-
»T dition, worth $500U, to exchange for a beauti-
ful home In. Alameda. T. K. ANDERSON, 1118
Broadway, Oakland.
ftl 9*^o A BARGAIN; $250 CASH. Sl3 35
— «>V/. per month; new 6-room Queen Anne
house, 2 stories and basement; lot 30x125; see
plans. WM. P. TODD, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
HOUSE, 9 ROOMS AND BATH, J UST COM-
peted: modern style and finish; sunny side;
lot 40x100; f ur blocks from local station; live
blocks from Broadway; bargain:- easy install-
ments. -HERON A HoLCOMB, 1050 Broadway,
corner Kleventh st.. Oakland.
TIT ANTED— PLACE IN ELMHURST IN EX-
. " change for very lame lot and modern 6 room
cottage In Lori price $2250; no mortgage. Ap-
ply Immediately to A. J. SNYDER i CO., 467
Ninth St., Oakland. ; : - •/?"'
<n»7P. TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
O I l - lots in the town of Fitchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on .the Hay ward i
and San Leandro local line, by the Southern Pacifio
company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 tiitnutdi from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
c. M. I.INKLt. owner, b!6Va Washlng-lou bl.
Oakland Cal.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — OAKLAND OR ALAMEDA;
small cottage or flat; .furnished complete;
rent cheap; most responsible party; give full par-
ticulars. Address O. i". . box 26, Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
A LAMED .V ivi:Al. FSTATTC.
C HOICK CORNER LOT ON CLINTON AYE.;
\J will build houses to suit purchasers on easy
terms; choice property near Chestnut-street sta-
tion: only $18 60 a front foot. T. F. BAIRD,
1303 Park St.. Alameda.
rOR SALE-TWO HOMKS: LOTS 40xl25AND
J 40x115; cottages of six rooms; sewerage com-
plete: street work i.oue: also two lots on Schiller
St., 30x108 B. ARIAS, 1823 Pacific aye., Ala-
meda.
ft 9 i(\(\ NO CASH: $25 MONTHLY; 5
<uP.— i\J\J. room cotta.-e: large lot near station.
$'Jsoo— Colonial cottage; five rooms; near narrow-
E«uce station: easy terms.
- $2750— Beautiful collage; colonial style: 6
iouniM; near Grand-street station. •■ Your terms are
ours."
MARCCSE & KEMMEL, Bay-street station,
broad gauge, Alameda; 628 Market St., San Fran-
cisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
Ir>OUR NEAT 5-ROOM COTTAGES: GOOD
.1 location; always rented; unlimited water sup-
ply on premises: 10 per cent returns guaranteed.
Fine- new 7-room cottage; excellent location;
near station; also much other desirable proper;}";
will sill at a very low. figure. Apply or write A.
R. DENKE, 1503 seventh St., Alameda. Cal.
CM nf\(\ LOT 35x100: COTTAGE 4 ROOMS,
<Jp I UUU. bath and stable.
$1750— Modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath; any
terms; near station.
$2800— Lot 40x150: beautiful new cottage of 6
room's and bath; $200 cash. $25 per month.
$3000— Handsome new collage, 7 rooms and
bath; NX. corner: Installment plan.'
$2650 — 2-story house: 6 rooms and bath.
$3-00— 2-story bouse, 9 looms and bath; corner.
$4000— '.'-story Lous?, 7 rooms and bath; large
lot;' near station: any terms.
$6500— Elegant new 2-story house, 10 roomsand
bath; lo» COxl&O; flue neighborhood; near Sta-
tion. •
Building lots nt a bargain: bouses to let. .
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park su. Alameda.
<Bl9il A FRONT FOOT; | 100x150; STREET
tj^di work all done: on a main avenue: 2 blocks
from Willow-street station. W. B. FITCH, Bay
Station, Alameda, or GaMAN LYON, 215 Kearny
St., San Francisco.
L ARGAINS-$3O PKR FOOT ;LO IS ON NORTH
J> side San Antonio ays.. near Grand St. '
$] 250-50x150; mo Jos') aye., nr. Willow st. -
$1760—50x150. new modern house. 6 rooms
and bath; north side or street; must be sold at
once. • . • . ■
Many other sacrifices.
■: AI.»MF.DALANDCO..
: . 1600 Park st.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOUSES.
ALAMKDA-WANTED— TO RENT FOR 2OR
3 mon.hs smal 1 . plainly furnished cottage, or
would excising© with responsible parties for same
time. Address W. it., bo.v 44, call office.
FOR SALE— SMALL COTTAGE ON PARK
St., Alameda, near narrow-gauge; 5 rooms and
bath; 25x10 J; cheap for cash. A. 15., box 64, Call.
CJjQC FIRST-CLASS MODERN HOUSK; IX
tS)*JO. best repair; 8 reams; bath: conserva-
tory; lawn; chicken yard; splendidly locale l.
UH.7 San Jose aye., Alameda, or inquire H. A.
SMITH, 27 Market st.
..; BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. .
ODERN HOUSE, 9 ROOMS, 50 FEET OR 100 j
ItJ feet frontage, for sale; or will exchange for
San Francisco property. Mil., box 90, Call Offlre.
"DERKELEY RESIDENCE, 9 ROOMS; SPLEN- 1 .
JJ did order; choice location ; extra lar:e
grounds; rent $27 50; 243 (harming way, Dear
Telegraph aye.; key at office. LaYMAXCE
Real Estate and Investment Co., 466 Kighth st.,
Oakland.
O YOU WANT TO RAISE CHICKRNS, DO
you? Look at this: > early an acre of ground;
level: only $790; just the thing. JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley station. ■ ; ■ • ■
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
L^r J^rT^BntO^TM~m)USE?^MODl'rßN : "cON-
venlences; rent, including water, $30. E. R.,
box 95. Call office. ■
'.: MEDICAL.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
(.from whatever ; cause) restored in a few
hours; safe and sure at any time; Instant relief for
travelers; home in confinement; best care and
privacy: regular physician; 30 years' successful !
practice; my celebrated remedies for monthly j
suppression never fall: every case guaranteed -.con-
sultation free, confidenital; hours 10 to 6: pills $1.
MRS. DR. WVKTH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
DR. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ist, still offers his va uab.e services to the un-
fortunate. With a mind ma u red and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ~ ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. Ladles, he Is always ready
to assist you. ' His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delicate organism Is beyond his sure con-
trol. Ills female monthly remedies are sure and
safe in their eft -en. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling , In their
action, and are warranted for both youiu and old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant
ft cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. .-*Jti
Market st. > Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 11 and 12. .
■VTEW • PROCESS-GREAT PROGRESS IX
~Xi medical science; acknowledged by a 1 medi-
cal faculties: • no medicine. Instruments or worth-
less pills used; every woman her own physician:
all female - troubles confidentially and discreetly
treated, no matter what cau-.e: can be sent and
used at home: restores always in one or two days;
all cases guaranteed; travelers helped never
known to fa I. -
DR. FOCLKT'S FRENCH CAPSULES- A.
guaranteed absolute care, for all female dl*-.
case* (no matter what cause): positively safe and
cure; no danger or after effects: taken in time is
also acts as a preventive; price $1 bU per box;
sent free by mail on receipt of prico. WALLJ£H
EROS., 53 Grant aye. >• ■ ;. - " -
MEDlCAL— Continued.
* SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DI3-
J\.' easos from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed by MRS. GW YER, 226 Turi st ,
A PROCESS THAT I-S PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never falls in any case of monthly sick-
ness, no motter what cause; no electricity hum-
bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case-refunded if a cure .is not effected: traveler*
helped immediately; years', experience; home la
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. DAVIKS, 14 McAllister st., next Hibern!»
Bank: hours, 9 a. m. to 6 and 7, to 8 p. U.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TORK-
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few honrs when msdlciues
and others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free; terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY, 1126
Market st., over the Owl Drugstore.
MRS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST. LADIES
near or far; safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home tor patients; best skill,
tree diagnosis; low fees; self-cure. 401 Van Ness
DR. AND MRS. WhGENER. 626 EDDY ST.;
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and during confinement.; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician: quick relief
fur travelers: best cure; terms moderate: babies
adopted In good families; consultation free; pills $2.
LADIES, CHICHESTERH ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other, Send 4c, stamps, for particu- 1
lars, -'Relief lor Ladies," in letter by return mall;
at druggist* , Chichester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia
A LPEAU-S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA-
XV. dies with female troubles; nodanger; safe and
sure; $2 60 express CO. D. ; don't delay until too
late. OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland;
A T THE PEOPLE'SONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
A Institute all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for SI ; call or write. 1029 Va Market st.,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, ban Francisco, CaL
T\U PRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLB;
XJ safe and efficient emmenacogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS & CO.,druggists, 406 Clay st.,soie agts.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Maricet St.: his 80 yean*
(occessful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
ice worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
MRS. G. WOOD. MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
the womb a special'}-. 243 Shipley, nr. Fifth.
N&URPAP-BED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
U troubles, diseases. MRS.DR. PUETZ,2S4y 3 4th.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 eighth st., Alameda.
1 »R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAit
1J Jones. Diseases of women and children.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE ONLY WOMAN WHO AFTER YEAHS
of study amone the occult sciences has at last
perfec.ei a system of life charts, as they are more
commonly called, that bids fair to surpass the
work of ancient Egyptian seers.
These charts give names in full, accurate dates
and positive delineations of character, as well as
disc.ipilve appearance of peoDle whom you now
know, a-, well as those with whom' you will
affiliate. .
All great and exclusive work of this character
bat puny Imitators, but the shafts of envy merit
only ridicule; write. Charts $2 50; readings 25c
MME. LkNORMAND, No. 1 Polk si.
ME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, tuture; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1: letter $2. »2» Post st., nr Larkln,
RACE TEISEN, CARD- READER, FROM
VJ Denver, just returned. Address 120 a Eddy
st., parlor 2.
ETHEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
Hi reader and palmist. 1169 Mission st. between
Seventh and Kighth. j
MME. LENE.MAR, FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets: predicted passenger steamer on
island: sure tips on prize-fight. 815 Mission st.
ME. LEGGETTK, CLAIRVOYANT; BUSl-
ness a-ivice: friendship les ored; one price,
25c. Sill Tehama a-, near Fourth.
MME. HANSEN, PALM IST. CARD-RE ADKR;
past, present and future: 23c. 148 sixth, r.5.
GYPSY LIFE- HEADER, 3 SKVENH ST.;
Uf ladies 25c, gents 50a: all questions answered.
MME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM. CRADLE TO
grave; pictures given: ladles 25c; i*l4 O'Farrell.
NOW THY FUTURE; CARDS READ
truthfully. 419 Geary, St., room 22.
MISS MELVILLE,". WELL-KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant, 61 Fifth st!": water readings a specialty.
MRS. DR. DEAN, MEDIUM AND MAGNET-
ist. 1031 Market St., room 6.
ME. RA VENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice: names given; 25cup.5 Fourth
ME. MOREAU, BKBT CLAIRVOYANT AND
111 medium in city: fee 25q up. 764 Howard st.
Vf ISS HARRISON, PALMIST; MAGNETIST:
i»J- removed lrom 223 Post to 120% Geary, r. 2.
MISS INA COHEN, PARISIAN CARD-
reader and magneiist. R. 12, 109 Grant aye.
- ;/" SPIRITUALISM.
ME. OSMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
I'I urn; life readings, love affairs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations a speciality. 833 Mission
VI RS. C. J. MKYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT. TOES,
J»I Wed. and Fri., 2 p. m.; 10c; trance clr* Mon. &
Fri. eve., 25c; sittings daily. 826 McAllister st.
MONDAY EVE., WASHINGTON HALL.
Eddy St., Mrs. Smith and Dr. SchlessinKer;!ree
GRAND TEST CIRCLE MONDAY EVENING
VI by Mrs. C. Cornelius, 8 Mason -.sittings dally.
MRS. LEWIS, WRITING MEDIUM AND
clairvoyant; hours, 12 to 5. 419 Third st.
T ECTURE AND TKST BY PROFESSOR
-Li Mingo, 834 Mission St., 8 p.m. sharp.
DROFKSSOR FRKD EVANS, THE NOTED
X slate-writer, is located at 1242 McAllister st.
MRS. H. A. GRIFFIN-CIR. SUN. EVK; 25c;
test mtg. Thur. eve.; stgs daily. 428y Grove
AM. FRANCIS, I.VDKI'KSDENT SLaTE
. writer. 118 Ilaleht st.; hours 9 until 6p. m.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT.
trance test medium & life reader. "IS Stockton
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSE
falls; also taught. Hypnotic Inst., 6 O'Farrell.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
. ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
house west of Chicago is KoHLEIt A
CHASE'a 26, 28 and SO O'Farrell si.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
4 CTU.-.LLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN PI-
xL anos; mont payments lrom 45 up; .deliv-
ered free with s'.ojl and 'cover: correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY,
salesrooms 933 Market St., opp. Mason; eslab '
llsbed over 20 years.
I ONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
1■ ' Halnes. Knabe. Bush it Gerts and others; sec-
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. W. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. L. Bancroft <& Co., 324 Post.
WHY PAY REN l' FOR A PIANO WHEN
the same monthly merits will purchase
one at SHERMAN, .CLAY £ CO.'S.
* T LESS THAN COST: ENTIRE EMPORIUM
AT I.ESS THAN COST. ENTI RE EMPORIUM
music depl. : Khaw. Chiokerin"> $235; Sobmer,
$245;Stelnway,$195:t3up no int. Helne,l36 Kills.
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALK — MUsl SKLL,
JA. pianos at immense reduction for cash, or ou
ins', ailments. : KaTON ESTATE. 735 Market.
rpHE BEST PIANOS OF EVERY GRADE,
J. from Mel n way down, can be found at i: HER-
MAN, clay <s CO.'a
$ <-)P.f\ PIANO FOR SALE: DECKBR
— O\J. Bros.' upright: cost $500. Apply 835
Pine st.
.©l/TF NEW UPRIGHT, STOOL, SCARF;
«3Ji-L 4 O. warranted 6 yrs. BRUENN'S, 22B Post.
1 Oft HAZELTON UPRIGHT, STOOL,
fjp I— U. cover; $5 installmts. 221 Leavenworlh.
BEST BARGAINS IN THK CITY FOR TUB
XJ next 5 days at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
OUR RENT CONTRACT PLAN ENABLES
every family to have a fine new piano. SHEW-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Kearny and Suiter sts.
BARGAIN, FINK LARGE IGIIT.CHK AP
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next, Htbernla Hank.
* T SHKRMaN; CLAY & CO.'s ONLY WILL
.ri. you find a stock of new stein way pianos. .
HORNUNG'S PIANO; MOST. PERFECT;
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st.
WO. BADGER. SOLE Ai.ENT FOR HALLET
•it Davis ami Francis Bacon pianos. 415 uacto.
F/ANO-i SOLD AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S
on very easy payments. - * ' -'
|)YKON JIAUV. 808, rOt*T ST.— sOHMKU,
J) Newby A Evanv Briggs and other pianos. .
UPKRIOK VIOLINS, ZITHKKS, OLD& NEW
O H. MILLER. maker, repairer. 2 I at ham place.
HOTELS.
BROOKLYN HOTEL, 208-213 BUSH ST.,
XJ board and room $1 to •42 per day, JO to $1
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1; suite
looms for family $1 to SI 50 per night: nrst-class
service. lr«« coach, CHARLES MONTGOMUttY.
1314
I HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS, FIRST-CLASS STYLK,
XX 1911 Buchanan st. SHAINWALD-BUCK-
BKICO. ■ '
A 1 Ql HYDE ST. — COMFOBTABLE BEAR
41 O3 bouse of 5 rooms; rent reasonable.
OR EBXT-NKWLY PAINTED HOUSE 5
rooms: 911, water free. 3389 Twenty-sixth
St., near Mansion. .
SONNY HOUSE- 8 ROOMS: BATH: YARD.
Hampton pi., off Folsom St., bet. 2d and 3d.
6 TO 20 BOOM HOUSES TO LKT: 18 ROOMS,
$55. SPECK & CO., «02 Market St.
HOUSES TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN <& HOW ELL'S, 10
Montgomery st.
GEAKY, NB. LARKIN— IS BOOMS,
uJjO bath: rent very low. BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
©111 2-STORY FRAME, 4 ROOMS AND
<JplU. basement: water fre>: quiet and respect-
able neighborhood. 6 Selina place, off north aide
California st.. below Stockton : key at 8.
1 O9ftBUSH - SUNNY HOUSE; 9 ROOMS;
XjL£\J yard; rent reasonable to a good tenant
© \f\ 1731 BROADWAY, NEAK GOUGH—
-. (Jp^iU. rooms: every convenience: marine view.
AT) TENANTS EJECT KD: 93 SMITH,
collector, 14 McAllister su. rooms 10-11.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED RESIDENCE AND GROUNDS
for sale or lease at a bargain; the owner will
sell or lease residence with 12 rooms partly fur-
BUhed with about two acres of land hlehly Im-
proved, situate In East Oakland on electric road,
within ten minutes walk from Twenty-third-street
nation: broad gauge railroad: rent moderate and
price reasonable. For further particulars apply
MADISON A BI'RKK, 6 6 Market St.
KURNISHEO FLATS.
1 QF; NINTH — FURNISHED FLAT OF 7
1 itO rooms and bath; corner house; sun all day:
everything com pie c; will let in 3 or 4 rooms If
desired: call Monday. __^_^__
COTTAGES TO LET.
- r f\ FOUR-BOOM COTTAGE; LARGE
< .OU. chicken yard and house! 1 10 China
aye.. one block from Mission electric-tars. Inquire
on premises.
1 CENTRAL AYE., COR. POST-TWO
1 O\JZi cottages: rtnt $7 50 and 9.
SUNNY COTTAGE; 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
large yard: flowers; rent low. 742 Lapp st.
COTTAGE-3 SUNNY BOOMS; YABD: BASE-
ment: small family. 1230 Folsom. nr. Ninth.
TO LET FURNISHED COTTAGE IN THe
country $7; for the summer.34 Octavla St.
£•'7 Kfi COTTAGE OF 3 SUNNY ROOMS;
.^ I .OU. yard, lot and shed: sewers: water
free; 26 Bennineton St., near Cortlana aye.; key
at grocery. 3418 Mission st. KAS'ION, Elr
DRJDGK <t CO., 638 Market st.
4R. NEW, OK WILL SELL, $50 CASH; BAL.
$14 perm. THK MCCARTHY CO.. 6 to Market.
Qt 1 r NICE COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS; BATH;
«Jp ' •'• sunny: yard: cellar. Key 711ireatav«\
FLATS TO LET;
{.in UPPER FLOOR: 4 SUNNY ROOMS.
1 0. 142 Rose aye., near Haight and Octavia.
or r (* TWENTY-SECOND, NEAR CHURCH;
« OiM) bay-window sunny flat: 5 rooms; bath;
rent $12 50.
PPER FLAT 6 SUNNY RuOMS. 1310 a
U Page st, near Lyou; rent 925.
LAT 4 SUNNY ROOMS. 11 ELWOOD ST.,
off O'Farrell, near Mason.
m> ».pr MODERN FLAT: 8 ROOMS; BATH; 1
«£ —O. or 2 families. 1128 Uowari st.
OR SALF, — CHEAP: YORK ST., NEAR
FOR SALE — CHEAP: YORK ST., NEAR
Twenty -th rd: 2 new bay-window flats of 6 anil
Grooms an! bath: ail the nirdern improvements;
open for inspection every day and Sunday after-
noon. :
CI» 1 Q 1425 a SACRAMENTO ST.. NEAR
CIC. Hyde— Upper flat 5 rooms and bath.
$15— 14251£; loner flat 6 rooms and bath.
ARELY BEAUTIFUL: NW. COIL SUTTER
»nd Scott sts.: 6 big rooms, 927 50: water free;
appreciated if seen. Apply opposite corner grocery
"YTEW UPPKR, BUNNY, MODERN FLAT, OP.
X> Jefferson Sq. : 5 rms, bath. 935 Golden Gate.
FLAT TO LET OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
~w. cor. Twenty-third and Hampshire sis.;
rent moderate.
"1 9 i Ql LAGUNA— 6-ROOM FLAT; LARGE
J — •"2 yard and cellar. Inquire next door,
No. 1221. "
I 'INI ST, CHEAPEST, SUNNIEST MODERN
1 MHsion flats. 332-8 Cumberland St.. nr.Church.
LATS TO LKT FOR VKKV LITTLE
FLATS TO Ll-T FOR VKKV LIITLE
money at BALDWIN & HOWELL'S, 10 Mont-
gomery su ]
c m LOVELY SUNNY FLAT; 4 LARGE
I— . rooms, bath, gas and yard. 3928 Nine-
teenth St., bet. Noe and >an<-iiez, water free.
m>r TO 910 SAVED MONTHLY. 300 FLATS
C*-* 10 let cceap at SPKCK <fc CO.'S, 602 Market.
CHEAP MODKK.V FLATS, !> AND 6
\ rooms, 98 to $16: see ih> m. 623 seventh st.
~~ vV'Et-K'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS— TJUS
- <■ a'F.KKLY CALL. la wrapper, tor mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
Anthony Street.
8 ANTHONY — FURNISHED HOUSEKEKr-
-0 ing room to let: $1 5.) per week.
Uranium Street.
409 ANNAN —FU ISHED BOOMS
— — with use of stove. •
Jbuuli Street.
f|Ql Ql BUSH — 2 NEWLY FUBNIBHF.D
Xvltjj! sunny housekeeping rooms; sink, yard
. and bah: cheap.
Clara Street.
AQ CLARA, BET. THIRD AND FOURTH— 3
rtO furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Eddy Street.
11Q EDDY FIRST FLOOR SUITE FOR
HO housekeeping, $12: other fur. rms., ftt op.
l-"i* Street.
Q99 ELLIS (PALMKTTO)-MOST DESIR-
• >Ai— able housekeeping apartments in the city.
Essex Street.
8 ESSEX. RINCON HILL— I. 2, 3 ROOMS
With kitchen for housekeeping.
i 11. ll s.reo«
IA 7 FIFTH-PLEASANT, SUNNY, UNFUB-
X U I nished rooms to let.
QnQ FIFTH-NEW HOUSE: CONNEi TING
*J\)V rms.; bay-window; complete bousekplng.
Q9^ FIFTH — CLEAN FURNISHED AND
• >_ tj unfurnished housekeeping rooms; 2, $10;
8. $13; single, 95.
4901 FIFTH-2 ROOMRCOMPLKTELY FUR-
J— ■ L- - 4 niahed for honsek'ping: water in kitchen.
Fifteenth Street.
H7Q FIFTEENTH, COR. HOWARD-UN-
11IC furnished housekeeping rooms.
■ 
. . 1 ol itom .Street.
07 A. FOLSOM-NICE BUNNY FURNISHED
• ' • tt rooms for housekeeping; single and double:
rent reasonable. .
our Hi Street.
99C FOURTH - ROOMS SUITABLE FOR
Zi — O light housekeeping; also single.
Ocary Street.
9-1 C GEABY, OPP. UNION SQUARE— UN-
£. LO furnished rooms: key at 217 Geary st. .
Harrison Street.
A\"i HARHISON— FRONT FURNISHED
'x I I housekeeping rooms; omplete: %2 60 wk.
9 fir HARRISON — FRONT ROOM AND
ti SO large kitchen, furnished for housekeeping;
cheap.
Howard Street.
' l7f\A HOWARD— NICE SUNNY ROOMS FOR
I "4 housekeeping; also others cheap.
Jackson Street. ~~
V{\~\ Q JACKSON —IN ELEGANT REBI-
i,UI 1/ dunce, 8 rooms, furnished for house-'
keeping; $20.
. hum v >treer.
CJOO KEABNY-HOUSKKEEPING ROOMS;
/ A\j either gas or coal stove: also suite and sin-
gle; - ; . ;
iarkln Street.
.ion LABKIN - 3 NICELY FUBNIBHED
tZ»7 sunny front rooms; gas; grate; running
water, etc. " : ■ ■ '
r c\l\ LABKIN, COP. TUiK-3 SUNNY FOB-
O\)\J nished rooms for hcuaekeeplng. - .-.
Uaaton ,-treet..
"1 A 9 MA 8 — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
WiL rooms.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Minna Street . :
1 fkQ7 MINNA— 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED OB
IUOI unfurnished; rent $8 50.
Mission Street.
QA7 MISSION —8 UN NY FCBNISHED
t/tt I rooms, complete for housekeeping.
into MISSION— FBONT FABLOBS, CAN
JUDO do light housekeeping: also two for *10.
i n^'-J MISSION— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
J UOO rooms, 912; also newly furnished rooms,
cheap.
. Montgomery Street.
C 97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
O£ I until 9:30 o'clock; branch office of 1M
C all; subscriptions and want ads taken.
jNwtoma Streec.
A t^n N A TOM A, NEAR SIXTH-TO BENT, 2
*±c>U or 3 furnished rooms with yard and base-
ment: furnished complete for housekeeping: la
private family. ■ .- - . \:r- T '
l!(\Z NATOMA-2OR 3 FURNISHED FRONT
DUO rooms for housekeeping: hot and cotd water.
Oak Street.
© Q SUNNY FRONT ROOM; FIRST FLOOBj
«JpO. furnished complete. 48 Oak SU
Fine Stree:.
COT PINE- 1 OK 2 ROOMS, WITH KITCH-
K)Z,L en, for m*n and wife; reasonable; ref.
folk .street.
m POLK— SUNNY SINGLE BOOMS; ALSO
housekeeping; rent cheap.
mm 4 BOOMS TO •RISNT-.FOR HOUSE-
<S>IU. keeping. Apply 1423 Polk st.
i'obt Street.
nOO POST— PLEASANT BACK ROOMS,
O^LJL large yard; $10.
Powell Street.
OO POWELL, COR. GEARY — 2 SUNNY
ZIZO basement rooms with kitchen; nicely fur-
nished. ■ _^
Seventh Street.
1 aO SEVENTH (GIRARD)— SUITES AND
X.'iA kitchens .also single rooms-.newly renovated
1 -7 SEVENTH — LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
10 I for housekeeping; 98 and $10.
et-venrn i>ir««.. _
©7 3 FURNIBHED ROOMS: HOUBEKEEP-
tSp I . Ing rooms: cottage, 523 Seventh st.
Stockton Place.
1 7fkl STOCKTON, COR. FILBERT — TWO
1 <UK sunny furnisiied for housekeeping; yard;
cheap. ■
Turk Street.
rin TURK — SUNNY BOOM: RUNNING
Did water; gas; bath; light housekeeping, if
desired; 910.
Qf>l TURK -FLOOR OF 4 BEAUTIFUL
011 rooms and alcove; running water; closet,
grate, bath.
luirct sire*;.
-1 f\ni THIRD ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
XUO2 housekeeping rooms; very reasonable.
i-|Q THIRD— 2 LARGE SUNNY FRONT
11'" rooms, furnished for housekeeping; rent
cheap.
Q1 U THIRD— FRONT FURNISHED, BAY.
OI D window housekeeping suites; $3 and 910
per month.
Twentieth Street.
Q£99 TWENTIETH, NEAR VALENCIA— 2
OD«- sunny,, furnished housekeeping rooms
and bath.
Twenty-sixth Street.
QQ£7 TWENTY-SIXTH. NR. MISSION— 2
000 I nicely furnished, sunny housekeeping
rooms: yari . $9.
\ <u> I>e*« Avenue.
Ql 1 VAN NESS — FURNISHED HOUSE-
: Oil keeping and slngl- rooms, cheap: gas, bath.
ROOMS TO LET.
• i>usU *>tr«e..
n-l A BUSH-NEWLY FURNISHED FRONT j
014 and haoK parlor, light housekeeping; also
single rooms; reasonable.
797 BUSH— PLEASANT SUNNY ROOMS;
* +* I suite; single; light housekeeping privileges.
Dora street.
VfICE NEWLY FURNISHED FRONT BOOM
-Li to a sober, honest man in German family; no
children. '2,0 Dora st., bet. Ninth and Tenth, Har-
rison and Bryant.
Eddy Street.
QA 7 COMFORTABLE ROOM, 1 OR 2
O\f I gentlemen: gas, bath; low rent.
('f\O EDDY— LARGE. LIGHT, WELL-FUR-
DUO ni&nedroom: grate;. suitable for one or two
. Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOTJBF.. 28 BTH
sU, near Market; turnished and unfurnished.
i ilii Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 KLLIS — INCANDES-
cent lignts: re»diDs;-room, smoking-room and
ladles' oarlor; per night. 35c to $1 00: week, 92 to
$8; month, *Bto93o: elevator; hot.cold water baths.
rpHK KAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE S.
Xll ART. manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated: newly furnished: elevator; hot <tcojd water.
C99KLLIS-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
«J — *_ room, suitable for two.
tilth street.
THE COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
hotel: 100 Fifth st., cor. Mission: rooms
bOc, 75c and 91 per night: 92 to $5 per week.
©1 A WEEK: LARuK sUNNY FURNISHED
01 room; closet, bath; private. 314 Fifth st.
Filbert Street.
Q(\C) FILBERT, NEAR MASON— SUNNY
OUZi furnished rooms to let: with or without
board; marine view; all lmpiovements; private
family.
1 olsom Street.
CF.Q FOLSOM— FURNISHED ROOMS; ALL
U«JO new furniture, carpets and bedding.
Fourth ">treet.
Ql n FOURTH -SUNNY NICKLY FUR-
OX U nished rooms, from $4 up. . '
' Geary Street.
1 no geary - elegantly FURNISHED
'XUO sunny rooms; en suite or single; offices.
/*<»9 GEARY— FRONT ALCOVE ROOM: ALSO
OUZ single; gentlemen preferred : private family
G(\\ GEARY — ELEGANT BAY-WINnoW
CUI rooms: reasonable: modern conveniences;
new corner flat.
Golden Gate Avenue...
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY D')U-
-- 1 O ble and single room- quiet and comfortable.
r 9Q GOLDEN GATE A YE.— KLMiANTFUB-
— O nished rooms; - also light housekeeping;
rear. .
C <VQ GOLDEN GATK AVE.-SU.NNY FUR-
O\JO Dished room, suitable for two: also single.
Hampton Place.
H HAMPTON PL, OFF FOLSOM ST., BET.
2d & 3d— 3 sunny r. ; bay-winw; yd.; basemU
Harrison Street.
QAf* HARBISON*. BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH:
•MO sunny furnished roonn for rent with bath,
$1 a week and up.
Hunt Street.
Ql HUNT— NEW MANAGEMENT; NICELY
OX furnished room; 91 week up. :.
Jessie Street. y
O£9 JESSIE - HUN NY HALL BEDROOM:
OD«J nicely furnished; 94 50 a month.
Kearny Street.
A RLINGTON HOUSK. 127 KEARNY —
A. Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every, respect: term< reasonable.
j Leidesdorff Streets
■I -1 f» tEIDESDORFi-— LARGE FURNISHED
1X O front room sunny; very cheap; gas; pri-
vate. ;
Market street,
BEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PEK
1 night, 935 to $1 ; week, 91 60 to $6: families.
1 (\l'?\ MARKET, OPP. JONES— FRONT BAY-
-1 U Del winaow rooms, quiet ana respectable;
cheap.
Mason Street. ■
AOfi MASON, OPP. native sons* HALL-
TCoU Nicely furnished sunny loomat reasonab.e.
New Montgomery street.
IAC NEW MONTGOMERY — FUBNISHED
IUJ sonny single rooms; 26c to 91 per week. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
McAllister Street.
Af\Q MCALLISTER— 3 UN FUBNISHED
H \JO rooms and bath; 1 furnished room; reason-
able.
fi'lQ MCALLISTER— NICE LARGE FUB-
U— O nish-il front room; with c:o.-et. ' ■
iiiun-i -ir*»..
AQI MINNA — ELEGANTLY FUBNISHED
tOI front rooms; 96 and up; hot water baths.
(K(KI MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NKWLY FUR-
DD I nished bay-window rooms; 91 per week.
■">; Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION; SELECT
family rooming-house; $1 50 to 96 per week.
191 n MISSION — NICK L V FURNISHED
1 — 1 I single room; terms reasonable.
Oak Street.
H OAK-DOUBLE BOOM; SUITABLE FOB
2 persons.
ci 9A OAK-SUNNY furnished FRONT
<) X — room, suitable for gentleman, 91; with
breakfast. 98. .
Pine Street.
/•rjQ PINE— 2 LARGK FRONT ROOMS, SUIT-
\)\J(7 able lor light housekeeping: with gas, grate,
closet and running water.
lost Street.
000 POST, CORNER OF STOCKTON.
8 LARGE SUNNY OFFICES, SUITABLE
FOB DOCTOB, DENTIST, DBESBMAKER,
MILLINER, ETC; OVERLOOKS PLAZA;
DESIRABLE LOCATION: ELEGANT SUITES.
RANDOLPH HOUSE, 501 CHANGED
hands; 60 bay - window parlors; smaller
rooms; running water; gas and grates: $1 50 to $4.
£99 P"BT — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
\j4jA rooms; bath.hot.cold water sunnysnites
ticcond Street.
CO SECOND— DOUBLE BOOMS, 91 50 TO 93
O£> week; single, $1 to $1 60; night, 26c to 60c
Mith Street.
QQ «XTH — QUIET RUNNY ELEOANT
00 rooms; Ml conveniences; fireproof building.
Sixteenth Street.
9Qrj9 SIXTEENTH,' CORNER HOWARD—
tjfi\j£i Large furnished front room; grate; 98;
suitable fur two.
venson 'Street.
C 99 STEVENSON— LARGE' FRONT ROOM
« ' — — for rent; newly furnished: $7.
Mock ton i.i-ee..
THE EUROPEAN, 17 ' WOCKTON— FUR-
nisbed suites from $4 to $10 a week; single
rooms, $1 .<> to $3 a week; hot and cold water In
every room: baths: transient specially: tlevntor.
Sutter Street.
A}. C* BUTT KB, NR. ELEGANTLY
rk£\) newly furnished light sunny parlors for
offices; bath; reasonable: also other room*; appre-
ciated if seen by doctor. '
C"I A SUTTER— NICELY FURNISHED SON-
-01 at ny rooms, suite or single; terms moderate.
7/V7-711 HUTTER— FUBNISHED AND UN-
-1 v t furnished; choice; reasonable: appreciated
seen. ~^3?BS
1 urk Street.
1 1 f» TURK— SUNNY ROOMS: HANDSOME-
-1 1 v) iy furnished suites or single; reasonable;
board optional.
Ql i\ TURK— LARGE FRONT ROOM; NEW
OIU fjruiture: bath: 912; another, $10.
Valencia. Street
CAT 1 VALENCIA-NIC^LY FURNISHED
"vl2 large sunny front room; also smaller
room, with large double windows facing street;
In small private family; no children.
Miscellaneous. ,
■firORKING-GIRL CAN HAVE FUBNISHED
» * room in private family for 93 50 per month.
Address M., Call Branch Office, 339 Hayes su ;
QtUNNY SITTING-ROOM. WI l SMALL BED-
| 0 room: only So a mon.h. G. D.' H., box 43. Call.
W. COR. SIXTEENTH »T., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Thx Call. Subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
]Ql O OCTAVIA, NEAR , GEARY— SUNNY
JOIO front room, with or without board, in
private Jewish family. ._
EWLYFCRMSUED FRONT ROOM: BAY
i-1 window; wl:h board $25 a month. 1802 Post.
11 QQ HAIGHT ST., NKAR THE PARK
XX OO (private family); 1 or 2 gentlemen, or
lady and gentleman; can be accommodated with
sunny furnished • rooms; gas, bath; terms very
moderate.
£»9Q POST— ItESPKCTABLK LADIEB CAN
\jLjXJ find room, with boar.i: $20 and $36.
OAO VAN NESS AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
OV/O nisbed tunny rooms, with board.
IAQTPOST, COil. POLK — FURNISHED
XvO I sunny rooms, with board.
1 lQ LEAVKNWORTH— GOOD BOARD AND
1 J V room for 2; private family; 94 week.
OTKL 8.-.RTLING. 714 HI SH-A FAMILY
hotel: reference*: all modern conveniences.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
A MOTHER'S PERSONAL CARE: 1 MONTH
old up: sunny rooms: wholesome food; low
rates. Address i). X. , box 62, (.ail.
ANTKD-ONE OR .MORE CHILDREN TO
board. 326 Cumberland St., bet. Church and
I Sanchez, Nineteenth and Twentieth,
WANTED— ONE OR TWO CHILDREN TO
TT board: reasonably. MRS. W. "i>., 653 East
Twelfth st., Oakland
STORES TO LET.
DART OF STORE, SUITABLE FOR OFFICE,
X bookstore, shoemaker, ate.; rent low. 112 Mc-
Allister
ORNKB NINTH AND BRYANT: STORE
\J with good fixtures, 3 rooms and be; rant low.
A-\ i\ FOL'BTH— SMALL STORK WITH ROOM
trXU In rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. UMBSKN
& C", 14 -Montgomery st. i .
OFFICES TO LET.
1 1 99 MARKET— FRONT SUITE OF 3 CON-
X' — — uecting rooms; also single: (6 to $10 a
week.
OFFICES, MARYE LAW BUILDING, 1504
Market st., at 8'<;o per suite, opposite the Lick
sta vary. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
ST. ANN'S BUILDING, 6 EDDY ST., CORNER
Powell— Desirab.e offices, with gas, janitor and
elevator. BOVF.K. TOY, & CO.. 30 >:oiitt'omery.
* LOST.
LADIES' GOLD WATCH WITH HEART FOB.
Please re urn to 3038 Sixteenth su, and re-
ceive 1 beral reward.
LO B T— BLACK WHITE TAN SETTER BITCH
Return 1627 Turk st., and receive reward. .
LOST-PUG BITCH NAMED QUKi.NIE
harness on. Return 274 Tehama; liberal re
ward.
I, LACK MARK ON SAN BRUNO ROAD, NB
X) Golden City; reward. J. GNOS. .
BRANCH OFFICE OF THK CALL. 167 NINTH
XJ St.: want ad> and subscriptions taken.
FOUND.
LADY'S FINE bILK HANDKERCHIEF;
initials Jen. Can have same by addressing
PHIL, box 42, Call Office.
VOU.\b-A BAY MARE. OWNKR ■ CAN
X have same by proving and paying expenses to
MR. RAVEN, Coima.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
"lOHNB. AITKKN AND MA L. ASHER.
*> attysatlaw, rms. 516.b1tJ, sth floor. Parro.tbidg
JOHN K. RICHARDS, LA W OFFICES. KOOil«
v 26 and 27, Crocker utuains» Mtiepuou* MaUi
7G, ban Francisco. Cat .'•'.. " ,
•BICYCLES.
FOWLK R RACER, $65 ; ; UNION CRACKER-
Jack, 935; Ben Hur (ladies'), 936. and others,
all equal to new. Golden Kule Bazaar Cycle De-
partment, 25 Geary st . . ~~.~ .- ■ '',
STORAGE. .
T3EDUOKD BATES, FURNXTUKK, PIANOS.
It household coods. etc. J. M. iiKlii'i-:, 735 Mku
SEWING MACHINES.
EWINO MACHINES^ BOUGHT, SOLD
SEWING MACHINES BOUGHT. SOM)
rented and repaired. 145 Sixth st. I. a. COHKN
FOR SALK-MISC'ELLANEOirS.
THOROUGHBRED HATCHING EGGS,
Brahma, Cochins, Plymouth Rock, Minorcas,
Houdan Spanish, Wyandotte, Hamburg, fl pep
13: Leghorns 75c; Golden and W. C. .Black
Polands, »2. 1031 McAllisters:.
F./m CHICKS; 10c EACH: HATCHED BY
WW JSchule' s self-regu atlng hot-water incu-
bator: best in the world. 1213 Valencia st.
fflj ICi DOMES !IC SEWING MACHINE; IN
«IPXU. good order. 1916 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
pREAT DANK PUPS! THOROUGHBRED.
*J 810 Elizabeth st.. W. of Castro.
Tj-INE OUNG COW AND CALF; 4 GALLONS
-I a day. 210 sunnyslde aye.
IfORSALhV-GENUINE BENJAMIN VIOLIN:
T $60. 1236 Folsom s:.
IfOH SALE— FRESH MILCH COW. INQUIRE
lat 720 J-ouneenth st , bet. Church and Sanchez.
NX 4-HORSE GAS ENGINE: IN PERFECT
condition; can be seen running at 207 Sutter
St., tup lioor.
IpOR »ALE— THE FINEST DOG IN THE
city; % Siberian bloodbonnd: y§ mastiff. Can
be seen ai 419 l.aruln st. or 7^7 O 'Farrell at.
rpwo COWS AND CALF, ONE FRESH. 2637
X Harrisun it.
DOMK.STIC SEWING MACHINE; SIX
draweis; $30. 240HV* Sacrameuto St., rear,
downstairs.
L'URNITUKE OF 3-ROOM FLAT CHEAP;
-T rent $16; call 10 to 2. 423 Sutler St.
"DUTCHER-SHOP: ALL COMPLETE; AT A
-L> bargain. Inquire 1105 Mission »..
AND LAUNDKY MACHINES; NEW AND
second-hand; tools, suppies, etc 766 Bryant
FU LT ON IRON WORKS ENGINE; 50^
horsepower. WHITE, 516 Mlsslou st.
COFFEE MILL. SCALES. LETTER PRESS,
stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
1 JOILER.«i,KNUINEB,2D- HAND MACHINERY
1 > water-pipes. Mclntosb <Sc Wolpman, 137 Beal*
|>ARS, SHOWCABKB, COUNTKRS, SHELV-
-1 > Ing, eta, bought and sold. 106S Mission, nr. 7th.
AIGE DOUBLE COMPARTMENT COIN
bank safe; cheap. 8 Mission st.
LARS, BACK. BARS, MIRRORS, BHOW-
»> cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-IUIB-1021-1O»3
Mission St., above Sixth.
VTEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
J-i W. & RAY MFG. CO.. 12 California st.
ONE SMALL MKDIUM AND LAKGE-BIZB
lire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market s-
LATKSI hlUl'l-l\(. INTELLIUKMVK.
1 Movements of Tran«- Atlantic Steamers.
NK\v uk iv— Arrived Mar 6 -Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glassow; stmr Sorrento, from Hamburg.
Si.iie.i Mar 6— Stmr La Gascogae. for Havre;
stmr PhOßDli'la. for Hamburg: strnr Uaabria, for
Liverpool ; stmr Werra, lor Naples; stmr Amster
dam for I'.otl-rilam.
GENOA— Arrived out Mar 6— Stmr Columbta.
HAVRE— called Mar 6— .-umr La Normanlle,
for New York. •
SOUTHAMPTON-Sailed Mar 6-Btmr Paris, fr
New York.
MAKKI.\(ir, I.M IJNSKS.
The followlni; marriage licenses hare been
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
John K. lloag and Cora Crlstman, 28—21.
Domenlco Repent and Mary Falconi, 26—17.
Ueorge Carpenter and Kate i-entr,-. 43— 30.
J. K. Hchmltt and Dorothy Henrlckson, 30—20.
Jose K. Diack aud Evel na da bllviera, — 17.
Alfred Kutner and Tessle Kutner. 3:4—20. .
Mar in < arr and Mary Moo 64— 62.
%m iiiS— MARIIIAdhS— i>LATItI
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mat -
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In at
either of (he publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorised
to have the same published. J ■
BORN. .
Moss-in this city. March 2, 1897, to the wife of
AI Moss, twin sons.
SCH ULZ— In this city, March 4, 1897, to the wife
of William F. schulz, a daughter.
COLLINS— In this city, March 6, 1897, 'to the
wife of Joseph F. Collins, a son.
O'BRIEN — in tntscr.v. February 16, 1897. to the
wire of Joseph O'Brien, twins, a son and a
daughter.
GILLETTE— In this city, February 23, 1897, to
the wife of Charles A. Gillet;e, a son. y.
NEUMANN-In this city, February 27. 1897, to
the wife of Louis J. Neumann, a son.
HAKKIKD. • *
SNYDER— KESER— In this city. March 8. 1H97.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Clarence A. Snyder
and Grace A. Keser.
JONES— MEIN— In this city. March 4,1897, by
the lev. M. P. Boynton, Charles A. Jones and
Mrs. Margaret M. Meln, both of this city.
HOFFMAN — PEKRY— In this city, March 6,
"' 1897. at Trinity Methodist church, by the Rev.
Dr. Jewell, Henry K. Hoffman and Sadie A.
Perry, both of Corte Mad era, CaL
WARD-CLEARY— In this city, February 7,
1897, by the Rev. Father (in inn. James Ward
and Mamie Henry, both of mid Francisco.
_____ ~-_—
DIKD,
Bemis, Susan J. Marks, Claude
Brystle, Mrs. Amelia • Mastenon, Mrs. Mary
Carpenter. Mrs. Alice Mah>ney, Bridget
. Creed-n, Honora McKenna, Sergt. T. D.
Conniff. -Mrs. B. Monnier, Ernest
Dubois, A rit mo Stack. Mrs. Mary A.
Dalzlel, Mrs. .Mary C Stone, Silas A.
Druuker. William B. . Thornhlll Ueorge W.
Flsk, Asa Vaaquez, Mrs. M L.
Jacobs, Raphael White, Mrs. Mary A. C.
Kelly, Harry Wilson, Mm. M. M.
Kross, Claus Wynn. William E.
Laimee, Mrs. M. T. Waaland, Milton R.
I.uiiu Clyde T. . Werner, Ma-hllde
Levy, Mrs. Esther miner, Muriel Irene
BEMIS— In thli city, March 5, 1897, Susan J.,
beloved wife of Charles C. iiemis, and mother of
Angle C, Elizabeth A. and Mary K. Bern la and
Mrs. Juliet F. Lange, and sister of Mrs. Mar»- J.
Lemui eran.l W. _. traser. a null of New
York, aged 58 years 9 months and 19 days. : -
*3~Frlendj and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend :he funeral THIS i>AY
(Sunday), at. 2 o'clock p. x, from the Chapel
of the t.00.l Samarl an, on second street, near
Folsom. Interment Cyprass Lawn Cemetery by
electric-cat from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets. • -.
BYsTLE— In Shasta, March 4. 1897, Mrs. Ame-
lia Bystle. sister or Mrs. J. A. Spatz.
CARPENTER-In le:a.uma, February 27. 1897.
Alice M., widow of th • late L. F. Carpenter, and
beloved mother of ' Mrs. F. K. Uurie, S. K. Car-
penter and .Mrs. Dr. Albert Meyer of San Fran-
cisco, aged 72 years and 6 mouths.
CONN IFF— Entered into rest, March 6. 1897.
Mm. 8., beloved wife of John Connlll of Peta-
luma, and mother of Mm. M. Ml.lluam and
Sadie ConntrT of Stockton. rstocxton papers
please copy.]
49-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. _ . from St. Vincent's
i nth ilk- Church at Petaluma. :
CREEDEN-Intbls city, March 4, 1897, Houora
Creeden, a native o: Ireland, aged 60 years.
DUBOls— in the City and County Hospital, March
0. 1897. Antone Uubols, aged 64 years.
DAL&IhL-ln Oakland, March 4. 1897. Mary C
widow or the late James Daiziei, and mother of
Mrs. Carrie Frois Suvder. a native or New York,
a^ed 64 years 1 months and 18 days.
DRUCKKR-In Oakland, March 5,1897, William
H. Infant son of Hermann and Rebecca
Drucker, a native of Oakland, aged 2 months
'.and 10 days. '
FISK-In this city, March 6. 1897, Asa, beloved
husband or Lydla li. Fisk, a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 78 year*.
40" The funeral service! will take place
THIS DAY (Sunday), «»t 1:30 o'clock p. _..
at Ins late residence, 700 Hayes street, Inter-
ment private, Masonic cemetery.
JACOB->— ln this city. March tf, 1807 Raphael,
' beloved sou of Jacob and itosa'lo Jacobs, and
brother of Mrs. M. Newman, Mrs. A. Levy,
Mrs. L. Luvy or Juueau City, Alaska, aud
. Louis, Qus, Leopold, Alexander, Abort aud
Phoebo Jacobs, a native of . San Francisco, aged
36 years. . . . -*• < ■ .■ ■
49"Friends are repectfully invite 1 to attend
the Mineral services TO-MORROW (Monday), ai
10 o'clock a. _ , from i ho residence of his par
ems, 1508 foisom street, m erm.-.i. Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, oy 11:30 o'clock a. m. train
from i mi a:id Townsend streets. ..
BAY CITY LODGE, No. 117, KNIGHTS OF
PYTHI.\s.— ullicers and members or the above
na.ued lodge are notified to meet in Fraternal
Hall, Alcazar bnl'.dln/, on MONDAY March 8,
1897, at it; 3o o'clock a. m.. for the purpose or
attending the Mineral or our late brother. H.
Jacobs. N. HLESSI.NGJiR, C C.
Chari.ks C. Morris, X of It. and 8. , •
KELLY — In this city, March 6, 1897. Harry, be-
loved son of .N'ounle and Patrick Kelly, a native
of San Francisco. a-red tj years enl 5 mon'.hs. v
J^*Notlce of funerai hereafter. Remains at par-
. lors of J. c O'Connor _ Co.. 767 ; Mission street.
KUDOS- I—ln1 — In this city, Marcu 6, Claus C Krooss,
. beloved hro'.iier of Henry, John, Herman, bled-
rich aud Maria Krooss, a unlive or Bremervorde,
| Germany, aged 49 years 5 months and 26 ■ days.
LAIMKE— In this city, March 6, 1897, Marie Tin-
i resu Lalmeti beloved mother of Marie Latrei le,
Allme Bodron. . Luuise Schermau and Arthur,
Peter and August : Lalmei*. » native or ! France,
acfd 76 years and 8 months. :
•3" Friends and . acquaintances are raspsoc-
fuuy in vi leu to attend the iuner*l Tu-MOKKOW
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence ,of her daughter, 1827 Stockton street,
thence to the French Church, where services
will be- h-iii. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery, m
_EMM_ln this city, March 6, 1897. Clyde T.,
Infant son of Charles F. and Jennie W. - Lemra,
a native of ,-anta Cruz. Cal., aged . 6 months and
■15 days. . • ■.-.■,'■ ■ ' ■ *r»
Friends and arauaintaooes are resp»c>
fully In vlteil to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
, (Monday), at 2 o'clock P. _, from the residence
ofuim parents, 4 Hoard man place, iff Bryant
street, beiween six aud' Seventh, lutermeul
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ,-.. (
LKVY-ln ,ni, city, March 6. 1897. Esther Levy,
beloved mother of Mrs. I. Crown, Mrs. H. — Ja-
cods and D. L. Levy, of Salt Lake CUy."
MARKS— In Lorln. Alameda County. March 4,
. 1897, Claude, beloved son of George and Jennie
MarKS, aged 12 years 7 months and S days.
49~Jnterment Mountain View Cemetery.
MAHONEY— In this city, March 6, 1897, Bridget
• Mahoney, a native of County Cork, Ireland, ■
aged 68 years. • ■
MASTERSON-In this city. March 6. 1897, Mary.
- beloved wife of James Masterson, and mother of
Thomas. Jamei and Tereia Musterson, a native
of County Lei. rim, Ireland, aged 46 years.
[New Haven (Conn.) papers please copy.)
43~Friends and ■ acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend ihefun TOMORROW
(Monday), at 10 o'clock A. M.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
■ thence to St. Rose* Church. Brannan street, for
. vices at 11 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, train leaving Third and Town-
send streets at 11:30 o'clock a. v.
McKHNNa— In this city, March 5. 1897, Sergeant
Thomas Dillon McKenna, beloved husband of
Mrs. Frances F. Me Ken and lather of Mrs.
W. c. Moran and Mrs. J. T. Lewis, a native of
Illinois. a :ed 60 years. -.
•y Friends and acquaintances are respect;
fnliv- invited to'aitend tiio funeral THIS DA 1
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the Mxsonlo
Temple, corner of P ••st an I Mont^oiu.-ry streets,
under the auspices of Mount Mori ah Lod{e No.
44, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic cemetery.'
MONNIER— In this city, March 0. 1897. Ernest
Monnler, a native of .trance, aged 69 years.
STACK— In Sacramento, March 2. 1897. Mary A..
beloved wife of John O. Stac<. and mother of
George B. stack and Mrs. J. J. finchannon, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 59 years and 17 days. .
STONK-In this city, March 5, 1897, Silas A., be-
loved husband of Mary >-'. st >:ie, and lather of
. Silas A., Edward, Harold and Helen Stone, a
native of New York, aged 66 years and 5
months. . .w.-- T .
4-'?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful. Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock P. m., from nts late
residence, . 1046 shoiwell street. Interment
I. o. O. ft Cemetery.
THORNHILL-In this city. March 6, 1897, George
W. Thorn a HI. a native of San Francisco, aged 9.
months and 8 days.
VASQUKZ— In this city, March 4. 1879. Margarita
1.., beloved wife of Raymond Vasquez, mother of
Jennie, Joseph, Lottie, Maggie and Kaymond
Vasauez, and sister of Mrs. L Delflno, Mrs.
Virglnie Kenton and Albert LaUra, a native of
California.
WUITE-In Mountain View. March 6, 1897.
Mar A. C. beloved wife of Tbomai A. White,
and daughter of the late >i»irt- and Mary Me-
Laugblln, and sister of George V., John J. and
Micuael D. McLaughlin am the late Katie
Dougherty, a native of San Francisco, aged 86
year*.
Wilson- In Portland, Or., March 3, 1887. Mrs.
. M. M. Wilson, aged 76 years.
WYNN-In Alameda, March 4, 1897, William
Elijah, beloved son of Mrs. Mary Wynn, a na-
tive of Alameda, aged 5 years 5 months and 13
! days.
WAALAND— In this city, March 6, 1897. Milton
Roy, beloved son of Soren and Olava Waaland.
and brother of Howard Chester, Dama M. and
George iArange Waaland. a native of ana Fran-
cisco, aged 5 -ears and 16 days.'
49T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited toattenl t.ie funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at . 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of his parents. 1406 Mon.goonery street,
between Filbert acd Greenwich. - Interment
J. O. O. F. Cemetery. .' >..<CsSß*ffissea
WIMMER-In this city, March 6, 1897, Muriel
Irene, dearly beloved twin daughter of George
W. and Katie Wimmer. a native of San Fran-
cisco aged 1 year 1 month and 12 days. ".».'.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend :he funeral THIS' DAY
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of the parents, 312 lowa street, Potrero
South San Francisco. Interment private In
L o. a F. Cemetery.
WERNER-ln this city, March 6, 1897, Mathilda,
beloved wife of Professor Ernst Werner, and
mother of Klvlne Werner,' a native or Berlin,
Germany, aged 85 years 5 months and 2t» dars,
a member or St. Marx us Frauen Vereln. [Cin-
cinnati ptDerj please copy. j
aar Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), from St. Markus Church, O'Farreil
street, oeiween Frankiin and Goueh, where
faneral services will be held at 2 o'clock p. v.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
' McAVOr i CALLACHER, T
FCHKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALHKBS,
•0 Fiftk St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080. - x .
JTt!nT?sRcNoETY^^^^^CUA(!^IcS^XOMT7
JAMES McMENOMJK* * SON,
USDEUI'AKtIKS AND KMBALJIKIH,
1067T Mission Street, Near beventb.
leleplione bouth M 5-1.
JAS. ENGLISH. . T. R. CARK vV
CAREW & ENGLISH.
UNDERTAKERS AND JiMBALJItA*
funeral Dim a. runs,
IP Van Ness aye., near Mttritai. at, s>»tt *'r»noljo»
Telephone »o. 156.
F. L. GUNTZ. '• ' H. W. OANTNER.
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
8 and 10 CITY HALL SUUAKK.
Telephone South 432. ' . ' -
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALE
of burial plats and graves in Its cemetery and
give deeds. . -.-■■j..' . .
Perpetual care of lots will be arranged for at tha
Superintendent's office at the cemetery, corner
Bush street and Central avenue, San Francisco.
.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTT: NEAREST CEM»
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; In no seas* a*-
elusive; location unexcelled. Office V*7 Mu*o
ttreet. ,nouth«aat corner <v wixt*. . -v;
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
D L Morrison, 8t Louis T Jameson, Atlanta
X (' Edmonds. Ailan.it V J Landers. Ala
T i t> rso:i, Los tia os MJ i nek sun <fc wf, Mcx
W W Beck, « hicago R T Irickson <fc wf, Mcx
F W Beck. Chicago O O Boggs •£ fin, lowa
F B Galla-rh-T, Djn°gal John It-iard. -sen Maleo
W H Brownfleld, Nev. James Mltche 1, Wash
O T McConnell.' Wash F Varges, Chile
Mrs it Hamilton <V dau, X Baum, Chicago
Winnipeg P Dunbar, N D v, :
Mrs A Boyd, NY ES Ward, s?aa Jose
Chas Meirill. Pan JOse J C Ward. San Jose
A M Moore «fc ur, Vallejo E Fallpr, Dutch Flat
W A Spencer, San Jose M J Cootcey, Keno
1' DCarslett, Mci . J It Bacher, Guatemala
new WJabTEttX HOTEL.
J B Smith, Detroit J B Radt, Oregon City
Krt I-Uwltt, Racto ' if >J Ta-lor, Mont
John Fuley, Cal / B B t»mlth, Cal .
Miss B Wll.inms. N V Miss M shelly, Mont
' Ned Long, Carson W ICi-nna it vv, Idaho
P C Mayford, Chicago J Graves, Boston
J Cumiskey, Cal <> H Opie, 1 oudon
J c Uhwsod, BO R Halve. Denver
Mrs J Bergers, Wyo -C Beau. Los Angeles . •
11 Herman, Mont J worth, Denver
R Shepard, Chicago M Brown, Kern City
T O'Brien, Hollister J Hurley. Or
J Mylor, Denver "' .1 McLenery, Cal '
O How, San Jose . J Howard, San Felipe
M Dunn, Bells -tall 11 reck Ham. Cal
D House, (iiltoy 1" Cooling, san Juan
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs N Z Johnson, uakld J Dow-dell, Oakland
W A Pannell, Pa A Newber/er <£ w, Or
J D Houck, Plttsbhrg 8 Newell, Stockton
R H Doyle, NY B U Batchelder A w,
Q X Wattes, Dalles Chicago .
1> C Mlnto, l.'alles F B Sexiou. Rai d'lbarg
F Mar.o Aw, S V . S Vldella. N V
A H> rtzke. Wash Mr* A .Mix, Mont -4QM|
C A Morr-'l, Suisun ' J Siebes & w, Guatemala
Uen .liuiij .1 Canoa, tjuat- E Smedberg, X V
t-mi'.la - M Yudice, Salvador
H Mlberiteln, Cbico ■ M Ymilce Jr. Salvador
Mrs J W Wright, v.hlco J E Heilmonl «fct\-, Ind
J E Utbson, Watsonville Miss Kedmon.l, lud
Mrs (iitivn, Wa.KUiivilie B C I. arils. Ch.cago
W D Davis, Chica;o
PALACE HOTEL.
J E ' fdmonrt, w&'.l, Ind J X I'ennls, Reno
J X Gibson A sister, Ind J McFadden, ■ mini An*
O N Jacobi, Reading W B MoweiL' Belmont
A W Co.ioiiitwJ, loledo F v Gould, Jackson
Miss C Colion, Toleiiu, O Mrs X J Sioppani, N V
Miss A Colton, Toledo, O J 11 Stoppanl, N V
HKinney. NY - S P Cox. St V
M X Plate. Stanford Mrs S 1' Cox, N V
O F Cooper, Bolmont May 9 Hani*, N V
X PBorden, Phi.adelphaF L Harris, N V
F B Straukamp, NY X F Jenkins, NY
W H McLymont, Fresno X Butler N I
Jin W H McLymonmal I Brown, Chicago
P W Murphy, a i, obUpo Mr* It Butler, NY
Mrs !•: i- Jenkins, Si V Mrs I Brown, Chicago
Miss Gibson, Ind KG Hopkins, Boston
R 1) Bobbins, .sulsun J M sievensou, Colo
Laura Mlllard, NY A X Kskrigge, Colo
O A Cary, Manchester . .
GRAND HOTEL. —
J E Terry, Sacramento ■ A McGunnon & w, Ogden
W X Street, i iinnis A chaw, Portland
T J Faiulsii, Portland John M Booner, ■■Stockton
Mniin) W l-rye. Minn Master >'rye, Minn
Mrs X A Farris. Mo Mrs il«yta,Mo
W II Willcox. Cal EM Marmlou, Cal
J d'AUlsander, Holano Mrs Au or ham, Mass '
Miss or ha in, ass Jos ■pu agee, II an ford
E X Smart, Dutch Flat Mike Hope, Los Angeles
T M Oak, Los Angeles . Mrs Vai Drescher. Sac.o
J M ayes Jr, Sacto G M Kessier, NY
W J KiikwooU & w, Cal F R Brown, Madera
Rout .< Ixon, relca Mrs It B iiobe rts, cat -
J W neakln & w. cal M J l.«-vy. >- j
T C Wood & w, Salem Miss M Munsun, Boston •,
D Collins, Cuic*g» Til I'.i.li-tis mi w,W» ati
R L Peterson, Milton ' J L Fisher, Presco t
JD i arson, Husburg 'CT Lindsay, Vis ilia
C X U use, Berkeley W Walace, Holliser
J Luenen, Highland, 111 ■ R W Bender.' Berkeley
A L Tlbbitls, Petaluma Mrs D H Perry, Utah
Miss L Perry,' Utah L P Tooley M D, Cal
A Arnold, Oakdal« W M Uonser. Vina
C A Chapman * w, Cal ■ F \v .-jteurni, Santa Cruz
F Bailer, San Jose '
- ' . — : .*. .♦. — •— ■ ...
:: A well-known physician says th*t Stan
ley, the explorer, owes the fact that ha
has survived the most dangerous of his
African trips to bis having submitted live
times to a transfusion of African hlo<-d in
to his ; veins, which is beJiev.-d in Africa
to be » great aid to acclimatization.'!
' ■ urtiriTrn t mrm — •'-)•■ n i *n >n i~ 1 1 «*«*-«* • ■  '
THE WAR UPON
IMPURE FOOD
Associated Industries De
cide Upon a Course
• of Action.
Determined to Pat a Stop to
the Sa'e of Adulterated
Predicts.
Will Find H w Fir the Law Can B?
Employed to Accomplish the
D.-sired R-su ts<
A meeting of the Council of Associated
Industries was held yesterday, at which
Julian Sonntag presided. The bodies rep
resented were the State Board of Horticul
ture, E. F. Adams and B. W. Rawley;
State Board of Trade, J. S. Emery and J.
A. Filcher; Mechanics' Institute, E. A.
Denicke; San Francisco Fruit Exchange,
Isidor Jacobs; Chamber of Commerce,
Charles R. Allen and L. F. Latresto;
Manufacturers and Producers' Associa
tion, J. W. Kerr, M. J. Keller and Oscar
Lewis.
The latter, who is a member of the pnre
food committee, stated that he had met
District Attorney W. 8. Barnes relative to
prosecuting those who are dealing in adul
terated food products. Mr. Barnes' letter
upon the subject was read. In thia he
stated that if every wholesale and retail
dealer in San Francisco who carries or
handles adulterateu food products should
be arrested, hundreds of respectable mer
chants would be put to this disgrace and
the couns would be clogged fora long time
to come.
Mr. Barnes' advise was tbnt the com
mittee should select one strong case and
that the offender should be prosecuted
through all of the courts, for such a case
would surely be appealed. In this way all
of the legal technicalities could be brought
out and argued and the prosecution could
at last secure a final and adequate decision
by a court of competent jurisdiction that
would show the scope and effect of the
act and the powers 01 the prosecution.
Mr. Barnes also suggested that a retail
grocer should be selected and arrested for
selling a single article or package. In
con jlusion he said :
I therefore suggest that, the simplest and
easiest way always being the Dest, the Jpure
food committee will, in my judgment, attain
the best results with the least cost and the
smallest amount of individual hardship by
proceeding upon the lines that I have indi
cated; especially, as I understand, that the
j object of this movement is not so much to
pu. ish dealers who may, innocently, have
! sold or handled aaulteratcd food products as
' it is to stop this traffic, drive bad goods out of
our borne market and protect the people from
the results of their own ignorance of the sani
tary conditions of the tood they take.
J. A. Filcher said that it would be well
to proceed upon the lines suggested by
the District Attorney.
Isidor Jacobs was of the opinion that
an aggressive campaign against all who
violate the law would be productive of
the best result!. He stated that the
efforts of the Board of Health in causing
many arrests have already caused several
of the local manufacturers of adulterated
food products to go out of that line of
business.
C. R. Allen and J. W. Kerr suggested
that many innocent retail dealers would
be made to suffer by pursuing a severe
couse.
E. F. Adams spoke in favor of making a
tes* case.
Mr. Kerr stated that the Council has
two objects in view. One is to see that
only pure goods are sold, and the other is
to preserve the reputation of California
goods. Many an Eastern firm is putting
up adulterated goods and marking the
nackases with California stamps. This
does California industries a great injus
tice.
B. N. Rowley stated that the wholesale
dealers do not desire to handle impure
poods, but are compelled to do «o by the
demand for cheap articles. Wholesale
dealers will gladly co-operate witn the
Board of Health in suppressing the sale
of adulterated and injurious foods.
After much discussion and several
amendments the council adopted the fol
lowing resolutions, presented by E. F.
Adams, as the policy upon which the
council will operate hereafter:
Whereas. It is well known that there Is an
extensive trade in imported adulterated food
products, which has grown up from n. desire to
supply cheap goods to those demanding them;
and, whereas, it is of the utmost importance
thai the community should be protected from
the use of adulterated food products deleteri
ous to the public h^mth, a duty which espe
cially devolves upon the Board of Health ; »nd,
whereas, it is of equal im;or;ance to the pro
ducers and manufacturers of this State that
California should become known to the world
as a State where it is not Dossible to buy ndul
terated food products, whether deleterious to
health or not. except as the adulteration may
be stated, therefore.
Resolved, That It shall be announced that it
is the policy of this council, by which we will
abide in the future, that we will oppose by
all 1-iwfiil means in our power the selling of
any adulterated food products whatever,
whether deleterious to health or not, except
under n name which shall disclose its true
composition. That to this end we will aid in
the prosecution of any party or parties under
arrest for the violation of any pure foo<l or
health law, whether resulting" in any ininrv
to the public health or not. That we affirm
as the principle by which we will be gu'ded in
causing prosecutions that the consumer has
the right to receive that product which he
orders and pays for, and that the person who
sells it should be held responsible for that de
livery, and that therefore we will, as represent
ing consumers, diree* our nttacks to the re
tailers who supply them and to leave to them
the duty of prosecuting tho jobbers and man
ufneturers from whom they may purchase
such goods.
The council decided to co-operate with
the Manufacturers and Producers' Asso
ciation in holding a State pure-food con
gress in the near future, the object of
which is to make arrangements all over
tne State for enforcing the laws rela
tive to adulterated foods. The date for
holding the congress is rot vet set. It was
also decided to in lorse the legislative bill
to appropriate $(>OCO to defray the expenses
of forwarding and installing a fine exhibit
of California products at the Hamburg
Exposition.
Pure Food Crusade.
The cases of Henry Rathjen, William
Cline, A. Qnade, Barclay J. Smith and
Charle? Fulirenberg, grocers, charged
with offering for sale adulterated food,
were called in Judcre Campbell's court
yesterday and continued till next Thurs
day. J. Levy, trrocer, was also arrested
yesterday on a similar charg*.
MASONS DINE A VISITOR.
Henry M. Klngraan Given » Farewell
,•■ •"• %- j; Spread by • Charles 1"
Field. "
A small company of jovial Masonic
spirits assembled last night in ihe resi
dence of Charles L. Field, at 1230 Geary
street, to put the finishing toucl.es upon
the end of a three weeks' visit here of
Hanry M. Kingman of Brockton, Mass.,
who will leave to-day for the southern
part of the Btate, on his way home.
He was the guest of honor, but he has
been that every night since his arrival in
the City. As his fellow Masons have
jokingly expressed it he i came out to the*
coast purely in quest of pleasure, and so
put a whole continent between nimsell
and i is family and his big shoe factory at
home. One hospitable Mason after an
other has taken him in tow until the days
spent in San Francisco may be numbered
as so many dinners and jolly gatherings
at which he was the recipient of special 1
attentions.
The members of Islam Temple and Gol
den Gate Corumandery Knights Templar
have vied with one another in impressing
him with the cordiality of California hos
pitality.
Mr. Kinsman is a thirty-second degree
Mason and a member of Bay State Com
mandery and of Aleppo Temple. During
his stay here he has visited all ;he Masonic
• IV *? vieu ie C "y- On »■« Wednesday
night at the unanimous request of the
members he conferred the decrees of the
council upon a large class of novitiates.
*-om nere he will g O to Santa Barbara,
thence to Redlands, Los Angles, Pasa
dena, Santa Monica and San Diego, pay
ing visits to representative M*son 3 of
those places. Then he will journey di
rectly to Washington, where he proposes
spending a few days wuh Imperial Poten
tate Harrison Dingman. Alter that ho
will go to Boston i o be present at a
Masonic gathering at which he will repre
sent Aleppo Temple.
The farewell dinn?r Riven Inst evening
by Charles L. Field, past imperial poten
tate of the United States oi the Ancient
and Accepted Order Nobles of the Mys
tic Shrine and past eminent commander
oi Golden Gate Commandery, was partici
pated in by the following persons:
Henry M. Kingman, C. H. Mnrphy, p.
W. Sumner, Frank Dalton, A. G. Hooth*
J. K. Firth, George D. Clark, 0. L. Field,'
Frank Titus, C. fc*. Benedict, C. Hellwig'
J. M. Peel, R. T. Kimball, J. C. Campbell'
C. L. Patton anl C. W. Conlisk.
THE FRATERNITIES.
Knights of the Maccabees Preparing for
the State Convention — Other
Events of Interest.
San Francisco Tent 18 of the Knights of
tbe Maccabees held a meeting last Friday night
in Alcazar building and tendered a reception
to C. A. Luckenbach, general supervising dep
uty for the Pacific Coast.
There was present a large membership of the
tent and of representatives from other tents.
These, together with S. W. Hall, Deputy Su
preme Commander for the northern district ol
California and representatives from the sev
eral tents ol Oakland and Alameda, extended
nim a hearty welcome. After a response from
the visitor the representatives from the dif
ferent subordinates discussed arrangements
of details for the State convention that will
meet in this City on the 31st of March, for the
purpose of electing Kate officers and two rep
resentatives to the Supreme body that Is to
meet In Port Huron, Mich., July next.
The announcement was made that a special
car has been chartered to convey the repre
sentatives from the city of Los Angeles to the
State convention.
On the evening before the first session of the
conven tiou there will be a public meeting in
Union-square Hull, when an address by Super
vising Deputy Luckenbach will be delivered
and other entertainment will be offered. Dur
ing the day of tne 31st there will be a buniness
meeting of the representatives and in the
evening there will be a competition for prises
that have been offered for the best work by a
degree team. Six teams wilt enter.
Labt Thursday nignt the supervising deputy
paid a visit to Modin Tent, where he was well
received and entertained.
At a meeting of representatives from the va
rious teu ts held Wednesday night the follow
ing-named committees were appointed to tr.k*
charge of the management ot the reception
and the entertainment of the representatives
to ibe State Convention:
Hall— Sir Knight Buckley (chairman), Sir
Knight Neisser, Sir Knight Creigh, Sir Knight
Abbot.
Reception— Sir Knight Croigh (chairman),
Sir Knight Christtanson, Sir Knight Abbot, Sir
Knight Levy, Sir Knight Hah.
Hotel— Sir" Knight Buckley (chairman), Sir
Knight Harris. Sir Knight Neisser.
Press— Sir Kuisht Orr (chairman). ; Sir Knight
Bates, Sir Knight Levy, Sir Knight Hall, Sir
Knight Me< ready.
Entertainment — Sir Knight Orr (chairman).
Sir Knight Hall, Sir Knight Dr. G.W.Clark,
Sir Kntght i yford Sir Knight Bates.
On the night of the Uth inst. there will be a
reception in Union-square Hall by the ladies
of the various hives oi the Ladies of tne Macca
bees of this City and vicinity to Supreme Lady
Commander Lillian M, Holllster ot Wisconsin,
who is now in this State on a tour of official
visitations. During her visit in this Ciiy she
will establish a school of instruction in the
work of the order. Upon the day of her arri
val here a committee of ladies will receive her
and take her to the park, 10 the Cliff, and also
show her all the prominent objects iv the
City.
V i »>a Buena Lodge, A. O. U. IV.
Yerba Buena Lodge No. 14, Ancient Order of
United Workmen, gave an entertainment
and "smoUer" to its member*, members of the
order and friends in Sbiels building last Fri
day night. There were many present and all
enjoyed the splendid programme presented by
direction of the following officers of the lodge:
G. F. Staff, master workman; F. Blucher, fore
man; John Nelson, overseer; F. B. Wood, re
corder; Frank Liwratice, receiver: J. Pilva,
Guide; J. McDevitt, inside watchman; T. Kit
nan outside watchman. The progrucime in-
C.uded a piano selection by I'rof( ssor Hall, a
member of the lodge, who acted as accom
panist during the eve:'iner; sentimental bal
lad. Mr. Amrath; ballad, John Neison; cornet
solo, Dr. Fearn ; song. J. Hansen; clarionet
solo, E. W. Kent; address. Dr. Daywalt, grand
medictil examiner; song, Professor Hall ; reci
tation, Frank Rothtnnger; comic son e, Colonel
Fitzgerald; distribution of fine cigars between
numbers. The address of ihe grand medical
examiner was so intructlve and forcible that
it induced a number of strangers to file appli
cations to become members of Yerba Buena
Lodge. »
Court Alcatrax, Ancient Order Forester*.
For diversity of talent and the amount of
amusement presented the rrogramme offered
last Friday evening in Washington-square
Hall by the Alcazar Social Club of Court Alea
traz No. 7749, A. O. ¥ at a social, smoker and
high jluks given in hi>nor oi a visit from Hi?h
Court Ranger Dr. E. G. Case, nas seldom been
excelled of late. In tne languap? of Johnny
Williams, the master of ceremonies, "Tnere
was a much:. ess of song, wit and oratory that
kept the boys at i!ie tctive b^ard loig af'.er
midnight." In the or 11 hart been lot hr.lf a
dozen long tallies t h t.l were loa led down with
all that is good to make op a tirst-class cona
tion part of wiich wn» in a lark glass and
foamed, and there was a libera: distribution
of T D pipes ana tobacco Tuts yffa;r hud
bi-en gottt.n up under tbe supeiTisiuu of C. 1).
Richardson, Joseph Nathan and R. J. Bauman,
the committee of arrangements.
R J Bauman, the cna.rmna of the com- i
mittee attired as the wild man ot Borneo, and '
arm- d 'with a big stuffed club moved around
the many tables -n sre thai all were well pro
vided for and once in a while hit some indi
vidual on the head becau.se he would watsp.-r
to his neighbor while a number was beinsr
rendered. His instruction!* were, "talk as
mucJi as yon pease while the talent is off the
«tage but when tbe b>nd piny , listeu." Be
side the guest of honor there were present
Past High Chief Kanger (ashman. George W.
Lunt hisrh court tre surer ; O. M. Gold iracena,
high court secretary; Wiliam <i. Thompson,
high c iiirt senior beadle; C. F. Frye, hinh
court junior beadle, and R. N. McLennan, nigh
court auditor. Duns* ihe evening Court Slur
of the West visited the hall in a body.
The programme included the following num
bers: selections on the fiano, Professor Mayer;
ballud, Edward Douthetf. tenor; parody on a
popular air, Thomas McGrath; mindolln se
lections. Warren and Getis, with 'cello obli
gato, Gus Wedder; address by the high chief
ranger; ito'tan impersonation, Ji'hn Holland;
buck dance. O'Brien and Broun; instrumental
selections, the Swiss band; tue ho>>la-hoola
dance in costume, William Douthett; address
by High Court Secretary Goldaraccnj; song,
Juh'.i Ftrry of Fanny Rice's company; Nclsju
and Williams la chnracter soig; mono o,'ue,
Joe Plane-hard; character sketch, A. F. Wil
liams; Irish itD personation, C. Hefln> r, anil a
number of oth'-r specialties that efforded a
great deal of amusement and mace it an
event long to be remembered by ail who wera
present.
The National Union,
Assessment 198 will be delinquent on the
10th inst.
List Wednesday evening California Council
initiated five candidate*, giving the three de
grees in full for the first time this year. Tne
work was perform"'! in the presence of many
visitors from other councils. Several applica
tions were received during the evening. Be
fore tne close of the council the president an
nounced that in the future he would endeavor
to have al> the degrees conferred on a candi
date on the SHmc evening, us such, a course
would have a tendeiicr to increase the interest
in the meetings. After the close of the coun
cil there was presented a short piOßramme,
and cigars were passed around. An en.eriaiu
ment will follow each meeting hereafter.
Five and a half ounces of urapes are re
quired to make one glass of good wine.HOW RAINSTORMS
AFFECT POLITICS
Tens of Thousands of Cir
culars Flood the Oak
land Postoffice.
The Storms Prevented the Voters
From Hearing Weighty I •
sues D scussed.
So ihs Candidates H..V- Mailed Elabo
rate Treatises and Photos to
Every House
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway. March a )
The storms of the past week have bad a
marked effect on the municipal campaign.
Candidat s have not been able to draw
people from their homes to sit in damp
hails and listen to dry speeches, and as
the men who are anxious to govern the
city for the next two years consider it ab
solutely imperative that the voters shall
know what they all think, the campaign
has developed during the past three days
into one of literature, which has flooded
the postoffice, tired the mail-carriers and
produced ennui in the voters and caused
tiie domesiics who have charge of front
doorsteps to imperil their fuiure by ex
pressing their opinions of office-seekers.
An actual count shows that twenty can
didates or part es have resorted to the
mails for tne purpose of getting their
views before the public. Judging by the
sodden missives that foot passengers have
been obliged to kick oat of their way on
the sidewalks, not more than one-half of
these packages of photographs, advice anil
theses have got past the uousehoiders'
doors.
There are about 9000 voters in this city,
and as it is the custom to transform the
great register into mailing lists on such
occasions as these, it is certain tbat not
less than 180,000 extra t>ieces of mail have
cone into the postoffice during the past
few days.
Much of this matter is still in the office,
ana probably borne of i; may be there after
the vutes are cast next Monday.
Although the Postmaster is personally
attending to the effort-' of his carriers and
seeing that each one does as much work
as possible, a strict limit is placed on bis
ambition. The Jaw expressly forbids car
riers working more than eight hoars a day,
and at the end of that time they must re
turn to the office and cease delivering.
The winds of tne past week have cer
tainly blo^n much good to local printers,
for never before was so much matter put
into type as during that periO'i.
The procession of canvas houses built on
buggies met with a serious mishap this
morning. A sudden hail s-quall seemed to
center at Eleventh and Broadway, and
the sirone wind pre-sed so heavily on the
canvas that the wagon was overturned and
all its colored advice wai laid in tbe gut
ter. The other wagons turned their horses'
head to tbe wind and saved being blown
over, but despite the animal's efforts to go
forward, there was a recession of proces
sion for a few minutes.
The anti-saioon crusade will be prose
cuted with much vigor in the churcnes
to-morrow. Rev. Georse W. Beatty will
conduct an evening service at the Chester
street M. E. Church, devoted entirely to
the subject.
Rev. Dr. Coyle will speak at the First
Presbyterian Church in ihe evening on
'Down Witii the Saloon."
Dr. Wendte in the morning at the First
TTnitanan Church will speak on "Tem
perance Reform and the Saloon."
Mrs. deVelling, National iec'.urerof the
W. C. T. D., will talk on the 'Saioon-clos
ine movement in Oakland," at the Eighth
avenue M. E. Church.
Rev. C. M. Hill to-morrow evening will
give "Another Word on the Saloon frftb
lem".at t' c Te nth -a venue Baptist Church.
"Solid Snot for the Saloon" is the butj -ct
on wnich Rev. C. H. Hobart will preach
to-morrow evening at the First Baptist
Church.
At the Union-street Presbyterian Church
Rev. Jam<>s Curry, D.D., has chosen fof
to-morrow night's subject "Wanted, Mon
day, March 8, Gideon's' Band to Destroy
Oakland's Midianites — the Saloon."
Rev. Philip Graif will epeak at tbe First
Free Bapiist Church to-morrow evening
on "The Place of the Saloon In the Idea!
City."
To-morrow evening at the First M. E.
Church there will be a grand temperance
demonstration. Speakers of the occasion
will be Dr. John Fearn, Secretary McCoy
of tbe San Francisco Y. M. C. A., Secre
i -htv Noel H. Jacks and Dr. Kumrner.
Dr. E. S. Chapman, at the Market-
Lstreet Congregational Church to-morrow
night, will give "Som<' Startling Facts and
Figures About the Open Saloon in Oak
land."
It was stated to-day that an indepeud
e«t candidate had made overtures to
Franlc R. Girard, candidate for Council
man from the Second Ward, to withdraw
in consideration of a certain sum of
money. The matter lias been reported to
the Grand Jury, but ther is a good deal oi
hazi- thrown around the transaction.
H. H. Colby, an independent candidate
from tbe Seventh W.-ird, lias withdrawn
from tbe b"«>bt in favor of H. D. Rowe, the
regular R^publicHn nomine-.
B. C. Cuvellier, the Republican nominee
for Councilman at large, has made public
a statement in which he saya that, as re
gards saloon clo-ing, his vote in the Coun
cil will be guided entirely by the wish of
the majority, as ei| ressed next Monday.
OAKLAND ELECTS "
NEW OFFICIALS
. TO-MORROW
Continued from Tenth Page.
I League candidate from i lie Second Ward;
Harry Goodcel is ibe Democratic can >-
date from the Third Ward; Charles W.
Logan is tbp Democratic candidate from
the Fourth \Va d, and S- Bachrath from
the Sixth Ward. Baohrath was a candi
date for the fame office at the last city
election and was deieaied by a small
m»r in.
The Democratic nominees for Library
TrusTe s arr : L. S A ken, J. C. Bullock,
M. J. Egan and J. >!. Shannon.
People's Party Candidates.
City Treasurer— J. L. Maynar 1 for the
past seven years has resided in Oakland
and for several years past has been en
gaged in business as an undertaker. Mr".
*Mavnard enjoys the confidence and esteem
of all who know nim as a man of sterling
worth and integrity in whose keeping the
ci'.y's casn wou d be secure.
City Auditor— J. F. Gailman has been a
prominent business man for fourteen
years. He is seiror member of the firm
o Gai man & Geruardy. s:gn and carriage
palmers. He is a man of good bu-iness
qua ihcaiiotia and unimpeachable integ
rity.
City Attorney— J. K. Peiraol was elected
for the office of Ci y Attorney two years
ago by Bom« 1-00 "majority over his op
ponent,-who had buth the Democratic and
the Municipal League nominations. In
the office of City Attorney and as member
o die Board of Public W>rks Mr. Peirsol
has Liven the city good service.
City Engineer — John B. McMath came
to Oakland in 1889, and since that time
has oeen contircted with the city engi
neer's <ltioe for over four years, and it is
said his work lias stood the test ol time.
Mr. McMath is not a politician, but is a
practical engineer.
Counci.rmtn at Large A. B. Bennison
was born at St. Johns. N 8., n 1854, and
came to California in 1863. He formed
the dry-goods firm of Bennison, Lieb
manii & Co., but sold out his interest, and
has since t>e n n a commercial traveler.
A. Bretz was eJeced ti> the State Legis
lature in lSf'2, and ;n 1894 he was paced
upon the Populist ticket lor Railroad
Commissioner and .received 36,000 v<->t»s
from one-ttnrd of the State against 51,000
for the Governor for the entire State.
J. C. Butmer was born in Delaware in
1860, and has resided in California since
1863. He is business manager of Industry,
a weekly published in the interest of the
People's party.
A. .1. Gregi; came to California in 1852.
In 1579 he was the Republican nominee in
Aniavior County for Sui ermtendent of
bchools. Mr. Gregg has lonir been id*n i
tie : with he interests- of organized labor.
Councilman, First Ward— J. S. Colburn
is a real estate a :ent. In March, 2896, he
organized the West Oakland Improvement
Club, since which time he bas given active
and energetic attention to its advancement
Mr. Colburn has received the indor u ement
of the Republicans and Municipal League,
and his election is rractically conceded.
Councilman, Second Ward — F. R.
Girard was elected School Director from
.he Second Ward two terms by the largest
majority of any candidate, and the last
time when the Non-Partisans swept tne
city he was the only Republican elected.
Councilman, r l\.ird \Var«i — Charles S.
Barnard is a man of family and enjoys
the conhdence and esteem of his neighoors
and acquaintances.
Councilman fr&m the Fourth Ward —
William F. Wollitz has been a resident of
Oakland for tweive year*. He is a mem
ber of Piedmont Parlor, Native Sons, and
ha 3 a large acquaintance.
Councilman, Filth Ward— F. B. Preble
is a journeyman printer, has had a turn
on the stage with Joseph Murphy, is a
capable elocutionist and edits Industry.
He is talented and popular.
Councilman, Sixth Ward— D. R. Ford
was two years ago elected a member of the
.Board ol E lucation, and has been a faith
ful and conscientious official. He helped
to organize ihe first People's party club
in Oakland.
Councilman, Seventh Ward— T.T. Friclc
stad is a carpenter by trade and has
worked at his trade in Oakland for many
years.
Board of Education— At iaree, F. G.
Chestnut, L. M. Fnck, W. H. O'Brien;
First Ward, It. Feige ; second, Roy J.
Pfiister; Third, C. R. McDonald; Fourth,
Robert Peddle; Fifth, E.i Mat: hews;
Sixth, R. O. W T iiitehead; Seveutn, E. A.
Moody.
Anti-Saloon Indorsements.
The following are the candidates Jn
dorsed by the "Anti-Saloon Citizens'
Movement":
For Ma- or— \V. R. Thomas.
For City Attorney— W. A. Dow.
For City Engineer and Member Board of
Public Works— Arthur R. Wilson.
For Couucilmen Ht Large— C. K. Marshall,
A. J. Gregg. B. C. Cuveliier, R. Wiand.
For Couucllman, Second Ward — F. S. Bodle.
For Councilman, Tnird Ward — M. W. Upton.
For Counc lman, Fourth Ward— H. G. Walker.
For Councilman, Finn Ward— W. O. Buck
land.
For Councilman, Sixth Ward— D. R. Ford.
For Cguncilman. Seventh Ward— H. D. Rowe.
VERY YOUNG BURGLARS.
Boys of Tender Age Who Tear
fully Confess to Several
Off nses.
Primary of the Good Government
Club of Alameda Yesterday Eu
listcd Mac Interest,
Cal., March 6.— Four small
boys, aged from 10 to 12 years, were ar
rested to-day by Officer Anderson and
locked up at the City Prison on charges of
burglary. The voune burglars are Fred
Heuer aged 10, Frank Burns 11, Lorenzo
Hennie 11 and Andrew Yates 12. Three
burglaries have been brought home to the
youthlul quartet, both by the finding of
the stolen property and by their tearful
confessions. The three crimes were all
committed within a week. In one case
tlie butcher-shop of Henry Bramman, at
2318 Alameda avenue, was entered and
I robbed of a revolver, a box of rubber type
and other things. The People's Bazaar
was burelarized to the extent of four base
balls »nd Samuel Hagy's meat-market was
robbed of a revolver, a mask and a base
ball bat. Encouraged by success, the
youne rascals were contemplating a raid
on Gott's jewel ry-store, but were captured
before their plans were matured.
The inquest on the body of little Willie
Winn, who was killed on Thursday after
noon while trying to touch or catch hold
of a train on the narrow-gnuee road, re
sulted in a verdict of accidental death. It
was tes lfied that trains are run at the
rate oi fifteen miles an hour through me
city and that there is no or inance regu
lating the speed whica may be main
tained.
The sale of property for delinquent
taxes was begun to-day at the City Hall.
Tne total amount delinquent is only
$64 39, and the total of the day's sales was
about $1500.
Tnere is an epidemic of measles in this
plac*, according to the report of Health
Officer Lubbock. Durine the past month
there were 2'li) cases of that ispase re
ported. In a dition there were 69 cases
of scarlet fever, 8 of whooping cougi; 4 of
chicken-pox, 4 of s-carlet fever and'l of
typnoid fever. There were 14 deatns and
10 births.
Great interest has bpen taken to-day in
(he primary of the Good Government
Club. The candidates had carriages out
for the accommodation of their friends,
workers were on the corners and button
holing voters, and altogether it seen el as
though a regular election were in progress
instead of merely a primary for the selec
tion oi candidate-.
Balled Out Her Lover.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 6.— Dowries
Needliam, a motorman, wa* arrested la t
night while engaged in c lining his affi
anced in the Ci abot Park. The cause of
his a 'rest was stealing a bottle of whisky
from a Temescal saloon man. The o ffi'«r
learned that he was keeping com
with ; a young lady, and shadowed.; the
young : lady until it reaul ed in finding
her lover. At * th-> jail the - young led*
wiliinely put up $50 cash bail and went off
with Needham. ". ;
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
STRUGGLE FOR THE
SOBRANTE GRANT
Victor Castro's Evidenc? Is
of a Most Startling
Nature.
D carfs That H- N^ver Bor
' rowed Money or Deeded Away
His Rights.
Records Show That He Did, but H
Denies That the Signatures
Are His.
Oakland Office San Fkancisco Call.)
908 Broadway, M.rch 6. )
Ten years ago a suit w:is brought by tha
late Edson Adams of this city to quiet
title lo the enormous Sobrante grant, sit
uated across the border in Contra Coata
County. The object of the suit is to parti
tion 20,000 acres or more of the Sobrante
amoiiii the different claimants who can
show a pood litle. All these years have
passed since 1885 without the case reach
ing a trial. But it is now beiu. heard in
the Superior Court of Martinez. Edson
Adams has died and his son is now acting
in the place of his father. A small army of
attorneys is engaged on t.* case. John
R. Glascock and C. E. Wilson represent
the heirs of Edson Adams, Victor Castro,
the original gramee, is represented by P.
G. Galpin, and other lawyers in the case
are: Messrs. Mhoon, Haieht, Ball, Rix
ford. Countryman, McGraw, Griffith, Sam
Bell McKee and Reed & Nusbaumer.
The testimony shows that in 1841 Gov
ernor Jean B. A^varado bestowed a grant
of land upon two brothers, Victor Castro
and Jean Jose Castro. The grant was the
famous Sobrante. Victor Castro is the ,
central figure of the suit; although he
must be 80 years of age be is so well pre
served that ne does not appear to be more
than 60. He lives on his homestead in
Pinole and during the trial he has Liven
testimony which has amaz?d some of the
attorneys. There is not among all the
surviving Spanish Califortiiana a mure in
teresting character tnan Victur Castro.
The grant was recognized as va.id by
the United States Land Commission, anii
the Castros set up a claim to about 70,000
acres. It was finally decided that the
grant did not include the surplus lying
around the edges of the original rive
ranches, but only a single body of land
lying oetween tnem.
Fifteen years ago a patent was issued
for the Sobrante, which filed the extent
st about 20,000 acres, located on the water
sheds of the San Pab^o Creek and Wildcat
Creek. Its present value is about $550,000
The tangle to the titie began t\tien the
Castro* gave notes secured by mortgages
which they failed to pay, and foreclosure
followed. Among the person* from whom
Castro botrowed money was Edson Adams
and E. W. Leonard, and both of tlie^e par
ties foreclosed and secured title by sher.ff
sale. John Wilson also loaned money to
Castro, and this c aim ip, supported by the
usual evidences, but old Victor Castro
when he went on the stand paralyzpd the
lawyers by asserting that be never bor
rowed any money and never gave any
notes or mortgages.
The old man, wnose ininrt spems to be
very clear, said that In 1856, when the
loans are ?aid to have been made, be was
worth $250,000 and was shipping beef cat
tle to San Francisco by schooner from
Pinole three times a week. The notes
witu his signature were presented to him,
but he denied ever signing them. Even
when a judgment on record lor $19,5,000
was sbown to him be calmly said that he
had never loriowed the money.
O'ber transactions were produced in
evidence, one of them being a deed to "he
whole Sobrante in 1857, executed by both
Castros to John D. Fnsbee and De Saido
for a consideration of $40,^.00.
The remaining interests were disnosed
of to Horace Carpentier and Edson
Adams.
In addition to these complications, the
mortgagees in many instances assigned
their claims, which were again assigned
until the complication of titles is now
more intrica c than any Chinese puzzle.
All told :he litigants number between 300
and 400. Some of them live on the lami
and are liable to be dispossessed, although
this will not occur for some years, as it is
impossible for the case to be decided ulti
mately by the Supreme Court without
many delays.
A deal of the fighting far posses
sion accompanied by bloodshed, winch
took pace in former years, was outside
the limits of the present Sobrante grant.
It was when the courts decided ihat Cas
tro could hoid only the -in^ie body of
SoDrante land and not the margins that
the latter lapsed into the public domain,
and upon these pieces took place those
bloody straggles which were so frequent
twenty years ago.
The trial of the case will occupy several
more weeks.
BUSINESS OF EVERYBODY.
The Christian Endeavor Convention to
Be ;t-ai!ii a Benefit to Alaraeda
County.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 6.— The Chris
tian Endeavurers of Ahtmeda County
have issued a circuiar in which they state
that the residents of this county are
vitally concerned in the coming gathering
of Endeavorers in San Francisco. They
believe that an hour in a fruit orchard is
a better adyertisement than a bundle oi
statistics.
"It was the earnest efforts and untiring
zeal of a few unselfish Alameda County
workers," it says, "that made it possib c
for California to secure the convention,
and now.it id to our interest to see that in
all of the many plans for the visitors a
day or two is provided for a visit to this
county." The circular then continues:
One plan offer< d is to arrange a grand ex
cursion on the Southern Pacific wlierety all
who desire to take the trip ui.iy trglv nan
opportunity to visit the interior, spending the
entire day and poing to lrvmgtou and' L-ver
more. This would mean the hearty co-opera
lion of the people residing in ihe count? , tne
railroad and tne city societ.es. It worna un
doubted,y be tne meaiiK of securing .-ev.-ial
hundred of the very beg! class of peop.e as iu
ture residents of the county.
The City Union has already named a com
mittte 10 arrange lor a grand floral fete to be
held in the streets of the c ty of Oakland on
Tuesday, July 13, the o) je< t bei g to impress
upon the visa ors theudvantnges i.ithisduniy
overall others as a plate oi residence. These
two leatures c >\i d be wo ted i i pi-nec Har
mony, the excursion to follow on Wednesday,
KEW TO-DAT.
CONSUMPTION
To the Editor : I have an absolute Cure for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throatand
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been permanently cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure, I
will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
BOTTLES of my Newly Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A. SLOCUM, M.C., 183 Pearl St.. New York.
When writing the Doctor, pie ass mention this paper. 1
and wou'd be a fitting close for a visit to this
side of the bay.
Alameda County's headquarters in Fan
Francisco during eonven i«/n week will be one
of the most DOpular :n the City, and it will
be to the interest o tve y citizen to sec thst it
is niH'ie the best. Sou h>-rn Cilifornin is plan
ning some b g things, but can only be second
to Alamoda if »U uo their part. The country
Hocieiies should benin m once :o canvass their
respective districts lor "donations of al. varie
ties oi fresh iruits to be suit In ■dally for free
distribu ion to delegates, and in tuis «ay give
them an inkling oi wnai a paradise thecounty
renl y is to reside in.
The bur leu of this work will not fall upon
the members of ihe soc eiies altogether.
Every man who owns land is deeply interested
in securing settlers and the matter should bo
presented to them by one able to do it and
then be followed up with a request for either a
can subscription or donation of fruits io bo
used in interesting the visitors' to Fran
cisco in Alameda County. What Alameda
County needs to-day worse th>in any.hing else
is several thousand Christ a.i men i nd women
from the Eastern and Middle States to settic on
small hu.diags and cultivate the soil.
The directors of the Fabiola Hospital
stated to-day that they have decided to
forego their annual flower fete this year in
favor «>f the Endeavorers. The ladies
sate that in doing this they are taking
into consideration the thousands of vis
itors who will be on the coast during July
and August and the advantage to be
gained by united efforts to attract atten
tion to Aiaweda County.
HIGH SCHOOL DEBATE.
Berkeley and Oakland Will Contest
for Forensic Honors
BERKELEY, Cal., March 6. — The
Forum of the Berkeley High School has
accepted the challenge ot the Oakland
High Srhool for a debate and will at once
oegin preliminary discussions. The Forum
recently defeated the Ecclesia, the young
lad es' debating society, anil the giris are
preparing themselves for another contest.
Each society has now one victory to its
credit.
Fred Barton, Russell Sprnger and Vere
Hunter have bet-n aipointed a committee
to prepare for the contest with Oakland.
The Oaklanders will select the subj* c ,
leaving the choice of Bide 3to Berkeley.
Tne contest will take place next month in
the gymnasium of the Oakland High
School.
Salvationists' Kally.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 6— The Sal
vation Army will hold a prand rally in
the First Piesbyterian Cnurch next
Wednesday evening. It will be conducted
by L eutenant-Coionel and Ms. Kepp.-l,
leaders of the Salvation Army on the Pa
cific Coast, assisted oy Major and Mis.
Mclntyre, ereneral secretary to Lieutenan:-
Colonel Keppel; Major and Mrs. Wrin
chell, from the East, superintendent of
the social work on me Pacinc Coast; Ma
jor Milsai s, editor of the Western War
Cry; Staff Captain and Mrs. lierri
«veather, officers of the Oakland Corps and
training garrison, and others.
Services To-Day.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 6— The Rev.
W. S. Matthews will pre.ich to-morrow
morning at Trinity Church on "Faith,
Hope, Love— Tuese Time." At St. Mark's
Cnurch Professor BaiJey of tne university
will lecture in the evening on "Creeds."
Dr. Alger's subject at the Unitarian
Church will be "Essential Ideas of Chris
tianity." The students' Bible class of the
First Congregational Church will be ad
dressed by the Rev. Georse Mooar on "The
Inspiration of the Bioie."
Funeral To- Day.
BBRKELEY. Cal., March 6.— Th? fune
ral of young Claude Marx, wtio was killed
by a stick thrown by Tay Streib. will be
held to-day from his late residence in
Lorin. The pail-bearers will be school
mates of the deceased.
FOUNTAIN IN THE PLAZA.
1 «>wn Trustees Will 1 rect One at San
Leandro.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 6.— Rev. B. W.
Berry of Sari Leandro has petitioned the
Trustees of that town for permission to
rut a drinking fountain in t c plaza. The
idea, he Mated, has originated with the
Christian Endeavor Society of his church,
and the members intended to put the
fountain in at their own expense. Anuni
ber of other citizens, however, hearing of
the matter, thought that the society
sh uld not be compelled to bear the bur
den and so a second petition iia? been pre
sented and larirely signed asking the city
to undertake its ereciion.
The Trustees have decided to erect a
dr:nKing fountain on the point of the
plaza, which will be for the benefit of citi
zens only and not for the benfit of beasts.
A Stranger in His House.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 6.— Mr. Van
Wye stood at his door this morning with
a gun in his hand, threatening to shoot
anyone who attempted to enter or l«ave
nis house. The determined man bad sone
to his work this morning from his home
at Fifth and Market streets, and when he
returned eariier than was expected he
found a strange younn man who had been
a schoolmate of hi* wife in the hous^.
There whs a savage scuffle, and the young
man, who had come up from San Jose
special'y to make th« call, was badly bit
ten on one hand. Officer Scanlon suc
ceeded in producing peace, and after the
young man's hand was dressed he de
parted for San Josa, and no arrests were
made.
Solomon's Troubles.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 6.— 01 d Solo
mon Baunigarten went to his wife's house
to-day and sma-hed in the door. The
couple have been divorced, but every now
and th"iia tit of rage sezes the old man and
heattemp'S to tvat bis young «l c. Judge
EUswort, while «ittin£ in his chambers,
h ard the n ise and sen n deputy Sueriff
over to restore peace. Baumgarten was
arrested and charged with battery anu dis
mrbance.
I -sis THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- I
w FOR— 3£
'.;*/ QHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, ft :
If it Cholera Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and ||
& Kidney Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, %
2- Headache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swellings, ||
v # Boils, Sores, Ulcers, Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, ||
% Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous to %
2 name here. The most skeptical are convinced after trial. ||
B^l^ For sale by all druggists. The trade supplied ;by 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle. & Micnaels, San Francisco. 1 --' :\'i
til?
W* For Bale by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Langley & Michaels, San Francisco. *?jf
' ' Tr
*m .:■■ -^ ■ ■■;■•■- ' ' L. Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast,; San Jose, Cal,  $&.?}•*
SAN LEANDRO PLANS
A BIG HOLIDAY
0 ficials and Citizens of All
Towns in the County
Are Invited.
Grand Fa?- Raising in Hwr
of the Triumph o' the R:
pub.ican Party.
Thi Flagpole Wghs Six Tods anc
Has Already Ben Put in
Position
_____ ____
Oakland Offick San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 6. }
Next Thursday the quiet little town of
San Leandro will be en fete. The occa
s;on will be the celebration of President
M<Kinley's inauguration, and the en
thusiastic citizens have decided that it
shall be a memorable day.
After the la-t election f". S. Hastings,
one of the most enterprising and weal;hy
c tizens of San Leandro, aecided to ereci
the iarcest flagstaff in this connty near
the City Hail. He carried his plan into
execution, and the pole is now in position
ready for me formal opening ne_i Thurs
day. Merchants will close their stores,
the town will be decorated, and as the
large National flag is hoisted guns will
fire, the ban! will play, school children
will sine and the old folks will theer,
for the day has been declared a general
holiday.
The pole, which is in two sections and
weighs sii tons, wa3 placed in position by
a San Francisco rigger. The largest sec
tion is over 111 feet long, 21 inches in
diameter at the base and contains 3000 feet
ofiuniber. The smaller section is 65 Jeet
in length and 12 inches at the base.
A commit:ee of ten citizens has been
appointed to make the nacessarv arrange
ments for dedicating the flagstaff.
The committee consists of Joseph
Herrscher, Colonel Bridges, O. J. Lynch,
W. P. Truesdeil, David Ury, W. H. Lang
don, C. J. Iversen, M. J. Gnrca, George
Flint. Joaquin Cunha and John Driver.
The sub-cmmittee in c aree of the dif
ferent branches of the celebration are:
Firmnce— D. Ury, M. G. Garcia, John Driver;
Music— George Flint, O. J. Lynch, W. P. Trues
deil. Literary exerciser— W. H. Langdou,
Colonel Bridges, Joseph Herrscher. Salutes —
Colonel Bridges, C. J. Ivereen, Joaquin Cunha.
Printing— John Driver, W. P. Truesaell, W. H.
Langdon.
The following programme has been ar
ranged:
Salute of forty-six guns, music by the San
Lea n<lro band; march to schoolhouse; escort
of school children to the flaps aff; arrival
of school children at the flagstaff; order to
raise the flag, Chai man Joseph Herrscher;
presentation oi flagstaff, F. S. Hastings;
Hceeptance, B. D. Gray, President of tne
Board of City Trustees: Introduction ol
W. H. Langdon, president of the day;
salve 10 flag, school children; chorus, "Red,
White and Blue," schoolchildren; address,
Prof.-ssor .Charles Dawbnrn; chorus, "The
Star-spangled Banner," scuool children ; ad
dress, Hon. S. G. Nve; male quar'.et; recita
tion; address. Rev. \V. F.B. Lynch; "America,"
audiuuee, led by band.
The committee wishes to extend an m
vitation to the officers and citiz ns ol the
ot-ber towns ana cities in the county to
attend the flae- raising.
PETITION TO ANNEX.
It Will Be Found at Every Polling-
Place Monday.
OAKLAND, CaI., Marc 6.—TheAnnex
a'ion League, whicn is working; to annex
the northern territory, met last night and
prepared their petition to the City Council.
It describes the proposed boundaries as
loilows:
All of the territory between Oakland and
Berkeley, east of Emeryville and west 100 feet
west of College avenue "at its intersection with
the Berkeley boundary, southerly to Florida;
thenco to the west line of the Pryal property;
i iKM.ee soutn to a poiui 200 feet west of Broad
way; thence to the Roman Catholic Cemetery ;
thence foltowine southern boundaries of that
and Mountain View to the western boundary
of Piedmont Sanitary District No. 1; thence to
the O kland city boundary.
Piedinout Sanitary District No. 1 is not in
cluded, nor is the land of A. I). Pryal.
The league issued the following memo
randum to-night:
Every voter as lie casts his vote at the polk
on Monday will be asked to sign the petition
to be prtsented to the Council on the annexa
tion question. As this movement will do more
to hasten the formation of a city and county
government combined, thus l>ssening taxes,
tue frien Is of annexation hope that every
voter will sign it, as H must be signed by at
least 20 per cent of the voters in order lor the
Council to act on It.
One or Two Bridges.
OAKLAND, Cal., >larch 6 —The ques
tion o. wnether there shall bs one or iwo
bridges across the estuary is agtin attract
ing attention. The ibree railroad compa
nies most interested ail favor two bridges,
but the commercial bodies of this city ar>
Auction Sales
L. H. BIRD, AUCTIIIISfcER^ -
Office .....: ......! til Larkin Street
"'*- I "'.'.'. .WILL SKLX.
MONDAY.. March 8,
:.: '^\: '.■■' '■ .....11 a. m....
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE OF ';
Private Residence 5 1. 70S Golden Gate Aye
.*:.■ CONSISTING) OF
Elegant Upright Piano, 'Odd. Piece* Parlor For.
niture, f-.legant ' fro ding-beds, Body Bru-sels
throughout the house, l'uri.ere- and lace Cur-
tains, Klegan. Chiua, Fine JUiaingroom Fur-
niture, Range, eic. - <
.. _.-'-. -». r rr nrnn «..-n-
opposea to more than one obstruction
across the estuary, in accordance with the
law recently passed by the Legis ature. A
conference wil. be arranged short. y to try
and bring about harmony by all parties.
Trebelli and Orchestra Concert.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 6.— Trebelli,
the famous sin.er, now in t>an Francisco,
will be heard in the concert to be given
Tnursday evening of this week by the
favorite Congregational orchestra, at the
Congregational Church, corner of Twelfth
and Clay streets. Mile. Trebelli is return
ing irom a concert tour of the world, and
ha* met with great success wherever she
has been heard. Miss Jean Hush, the
well known vii liniste, a member of the
Fortnightly Club, will assist. Tickets
are now selling and from tae advance s-ale
a large and fashionable audience will
surely be in attendance. The orchesra,
under William J. McCoy's leadersnip, will
play several pleasing numbers and Bee
thoven's symphony No. 1.
At the Maodonough
OAKLAND, Cal., March 6 —Mis* Fanny
Rice will appear at the Macconough The
ater Monday and Tuesday nights, pre
senting her successful c» raedy "At the
Fr< nch Ball ?I Mond <y night, aiid the mu
sical comedy "A Flower Girl From Paris"
on Tuesday night.
COMPANY D'S ELECTION.
Hoys' Brigade Choosn Officials for the
Com ng Year.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 6.— The annual
election lor commissioned officers of Com
pany D, Second Regiment, Boys' Brigade,
has resulted as foliows: N. L. Cobbiedick,
captain; Sergeant Woodcock, first lieuten
ant. There was a tie lor second lieuten
ant, and the election was postponed Ofitli
next Friday.
The lollowing civil officers. were elected:
President, H. \V. Stowe; recording secre
tary, E. Wo.d; corresponding secretary,
A. Kempkey; financial secretaiy, C. E.
Lloya ; treasurer, Allen Cobb.edick;
librarian. C.N. Wood; editor of the com
pany's paper, H. F. Hobson; quarter
master, Irving Orth; assistant, John
Baker.
OREGON GETTING READY.
H r Crew Fu ly Believe She
Will Be Ordered Around
the Horn.
She Took a Large Consignm nt cf
Flour From a Stockton Steam r
Yesterday.
The battle-ship Oregon will not remain
long in port. Just wher • she is going no
one seems to Know, but the sailors all ex
pect an excursion around the Horn.
Extra provisions have been taken aboard,
and yesterday the river steamer J.
D. deters from Stockton was alons
side putting aboard a large con
signment of flour. Canned meat and
other canned goods have been put aboard
in quantities, and the man-of-war is now
ready .'or a long cruise, bo far as stores
are concerned.
No last time can be expected from her,
■ : '.H.;.;; ' . NEW TODAY -,' > '• • •;-> U-^ -
&^ "I fa CL 5
For Bilious and Nervous disorders such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache.
Giddiness, Fullness «nd Swelling after meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings
of Heat, Loss of appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Blotches on. the Skin, Disturbed
Sleep, Frightful Dreams and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, etc.; when these symptoms
are caused by constipation, as most of them are. THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RE-
LIEF IN TWKN i V MINUTES. -This Is no fiction. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to
try one box of these Pills and they will be acknowledged to be ■ '
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEFCHAM'S PILLS, taken as directed, will quickly restore females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or irregularities of the system." For a - ■ • .. '.•
■'■: WEAK STOMACH, IMPAIRED OIGESTII, DISORDERED LIVER |a
they act like magic— a few doses will work wonders upon the Vital organs, •strengthening th«
muscular System, restoring the long-lost complexion, bringing back the keen edre of appetite,
and arousing with the Koseburt of, > ea th the whole physical energy of the human
frame. These are (acts admitted by thousands, in all classes of society, and one of the best
guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is that JJeecham's Fills have the' Largest
Sale < f any Patent Medicine In the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL. Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes.
25c. at i'rug Stores, or will be sent by U. 8. Agents. B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St. Now
York, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book free upon application. ;.■
8. P. MIOIILETOI & CO.,
Real Estate and Gexeeal Auctioneer.
11 Aloniyome.-y at., Lick House Bloclc
SANITARIUM BATHS AT AUCTION.
WEDNtSDAY.
Wednesday »arch 10, 1897,
At 1 J o'clock Noon, on the premises,
Southeast ('or. P«wpll and Biy Xreets,
The Bui: lag Known as I "o
SANITARIUM BATHS,
Together with ail lis
FIXTURES, TUBS, PIPES and MACHINERY
If purchaser desires, a ioug lease will be given
of the land.
ffß* Tebms Cash.
however. She has not been on the dry
doCK for month ana her bottom is very
foul in consequence. Sue was to have
gone to Port Ortonl (a be placed on the
drydock, but *tne eh tnca are that she will
now go without any overhauin^. No
matter where she goes the big warship
is w«H provisioned, and the men will no;
suffer for something to eat.
The laui en Aruv will carry excursionists
to he Oregon from Folsora-street wharf
to-di»y. As this is the last occasion on
which visi ors will be received for months
to come, tlie travel issue io be heavy.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
San Bias arrived from Panama and way
ports yesterday. The cabin-passsngers
were:
John Hobart and wife, A. D. Buck, H. F. An
derson and wife, ('. Moreno and child, Hon.
Miguel Yudice. Miss Loi a Canag, Mrs. Eugene
de Sabla, Dr. Edward MaiU<mudo, Miss M. A.
Stuart, H. Kinney, J. R. McDanie>, Emeas
mticino Mejia, Manuel Yndice Sr., JuLoLie
b s and wile. Miss MatiUia Licardie, Mrs. O. N.
Purdy and daughter, Thomas Ravvlings, An
drew Pitia, Francisco Lutia, General Juan J.
Can*B, R. R. Velasca, Miss O. Licardie and
thirteen in the steerage.
General Juan J. Canas is the new Minis
ter from ihe Greater RepuDlic of Central
America to Mexico. He is accompanied
by his daughter and will remain in San
Francisco for a few weelis before proceed
ing to his destination. General Antonio
Ezeta was sick with malarial fever when
the San Bias left Panama, but his physi
cians expected him to be around again in
a few weeks. He seemed to have plenty
of money and was confident of finally re
sumins control of San Salvador in the
near future, according to the stories told
by the San. Bias passengers.
Tne schooner E. F. Richard and the
British snip Anglesey were in collision
yesteiday. Ihe Richard was beating up
the bay, but when the tide rip caught her
on Mission flats she drifted down on the
ship. The Anglesey was not injured to
any extent, but the schooner lost her
mainmast and a suit of sails. The lug
Elizabeth went to her assistance and
towed her to the foot of Third street,
where repairs will be made.
The schooner Moonlight was finally
towed out of Oakland Creek yesterday,
after being hard and fast in the mud for
months. She will load supplies here and
then go to Seattle, where she will be fitted
out by Captain Robinson for a cruise to
the halibut banks.
Z,n<ty Scott' i Early JUnlra»e Expected.
LONDON, Eng., March 6.— Lady Bcott,
who was sentenced to nine months' im*
prisonment for libeling her son-in-law,
Earl Russell, -hi"" ngain teen examined
by a medical specialist, assisted by the
regular physican tf lloiloway prison.
Tne report pronounces her to be suffering
bo much fiorn confinement as j>erraa
nently to affect her health. Her early
release is expected.
Threr of tlir Crete lost.
LONDON, Exg., March 6.— Tbe British
bark Bilberh><rn, Captain Gibson, from
Liverpool I* bruary 28 for Victoria, B. C,
wliich arrive I in Barry Roads yesterday,
had lost her sails, be* comi>asses were de
ranged and her steeriny-gear was dam
aged. Her hieh bridge and low bridge
had been carried away. She reported the
loss oi three members oi her crew.
1516
GUNBOATS
WERE THERE
Unlucky Spain May Have
Lost the Caroline
Group.
HOW JAPANESE TRADERS
WERE BUTCHERED.
They Made a Brave Fight
Against Odds and Killed .
Many.
MURDERERS MUST BE GIVEN
UP AT ONCE.
If This Was Refused the Islands May
Already Have Been Shelled
by the Japs.
"Spain will have to make reparation to
Japan for the murder of the Japanese
traders in the Carolines, or else there will
be trouble," said Captain Luttrell yester
day. "It was nothing more nor less than
a case of cold-blooded murder, and the
unfortunate Japs did not even get a right- j
ing chance for their lives.
"They were enterprising little fellows,
and after a few months' residence at j
Kueaei tney controlled the trade of the j
group and established a regular line of
schooners between the Carolines and
Japan. When at the height of their pros
perity the natives rose against them and I
every one of them was murdered. It is
said the Spaniards instigated the uprising,
but that I cannot vouch for.
"Now, let me give you my own private
opinion about the Japanese. I have no j
love for the little brown man, but as a I
fighter he can't be beaten. Every one of :
them made a fight for his life, and while
there were twelve Japanese dead, at least j
twice that number of islanders accom- *
panied them to the happy hunting- i
grounds before the sun set.
"It was an unpiovoked quarrel, and j
Japan will make Spain pay for the loss of i
life before the trouble is all over. Two !
gunboats were stationed at the Carolines i
when we left, and the proposition was to j
shell the villages the first week in January
unless the murderers of the Japs were
given up to the commander of the Japa
nese fleet. The Japanese will insist upon I
carrying their point, and Spain must give
in to her, as the Japanese are in force and
ready to enforce their demands."
Captain Luttrell had a bad quarter of
an hour at Taputeouea. The British Con
sul got after him because he had left "a
destitute person" on the islands and
wanted to fine him $100. Luttrell refused
to pay the fine, and took his agent and
trade aboard and cleared out.
A year aeo Captain Luttrell was in com
mand of the schooner Viking, and had as
a passenger Mrs. Broeder and her three
children. They wanted to join her hus
band and father in the Gilbert Group, but
when they reached Taputeouea they found
he was at Ponapi in the Carolines. The
German residents got up a subscription
for her, and she was sent on her way re
joicing. On her arrival at . Fonapi Mrs.
Broeder found that her husband had sailed
for San Francisco to join her there. Dis
appointed the second time the wife was
in despair.
All her money was gone and she did not
know where to turn for relief. The Brit
ish Consul finally came to her assistance,
and as there was a ship in port at that
time bound for Antwerp he shipped
her and the children as passengers and
gave her enough money to reach her home
in Saxony.
Carl Broeder, the husband, learned of
hit wife's whereabouts from Captain Lut
trell yesterday, and as soon as he can
•traighten out bis business here he will
■tart for Germany to find his wife.
"I took the woman to the Gilbert Group
as an act of charity," said Captain Lut
trell. "In order to accommodate her I
had to give up my room and bunk with
the mate. What became of her after she
landed at Taputeouea I only know from
hearsay. Consul Campbell has had it in
for me for a long time, however, so he was
glad of any excuse to fine me. He hau no
use for American traders anyway, and
harrasses them in every way possible.
"When he wanted to practice an imposi- :
tion on me, I simply took all my supplies
ana merchandise aboard and left the place.
Mrs. Broeder had very little money when
she left San Francisco, and when she
NEW TO-DAT. '^^^^-^■^^-^■-o-^^^
SPEAKING
> CIGARS
BY ANY OTHER %I^MK
NAME WOILD
Kjilfl LLL r\Kj \J TT L.L. I • -
SO WOULD A
5c
JACKSON SQUARE CIGAR
• • — RETAIN —
THAT DEAR PERFECTION
WERE IT NOT CALLED A JACKSON SQUARE.
HERE IS THE TRUTH.
The Malicious Lies of the "Examiner" Officially Refuted and Its
Misrepresentations Laid Bare.
SAN FRANCISCO, March £, 1897.
To the Editor: I desire to state that the printers who visited the International
Amalgamated Sheet Metal Workers, Local No. 21, on Wednesday evening, March 5, 1897,
at Academy Hall, 927 Market street, showed no intent nor purpose to convey the impres
sion that they in any way represented Typographical Union No. 21, of the International
Typographical Union, but merely that they were individual members of The Call chapel,
with no delegated power, and that they visited us for the purpose of correcting a mis
statement. _ ,
I also desire to state that the same gentlemen appeared before the Building Trades
Council on Thursday night, and they were extended the courtesy of the floor in a like
manner to that of the meeting of the Metal Workers, and they conducted themselves in a
like manner.
I also desire to state that no resolutions were passed by the Building Trades Coun
cil on Thursday evening, March 4, 1897, condemning or censuring any newspaper or pub
lication. H. C. HINCKEN, President Building Trades Council.
W. M. PAGE, Secretary Building Trades Council.
Mr. Page also made the following statement:
"I wa"s present as one of the delegates of the Building Trades Council at the meet
ing held at 91$ Market street on Thursday night, March 4, 1897, and as an individual and
not as a representative of that body I will state a resolution was presented by J. W. Rose
in substance the same as the one passed by Carpenters' Union No. 22, which he asked to
have the Building Trades Council adopt. The council decided not to take action and re
ferred the matter to the several unions affiliated.
"The statement made in this morning's Examiner that the council indorsed th ose
resolutions and condemned The Call is false and without foundation in fact. The coun
cil passed this matter without any action whatever. Therefore, the council cannot take
any action whatever until the several unions take action on the matter, to which all such
must be referred.
"I make this statement voluntarily, in order to correct any injustice that has been
! been done to The Call, that has always been friendly to labor and workingmen."
An instance showing to what extremes the Mission-street faker will go came to light
last nigh£ two representatives of the Examiner called upon Joseph Walters, the Secretary
of theTjnited Brewery Workmen's Union, with a view of obtaining a condemnation of The
Call, but they ran against a snag in Walters who manfully answered;
"Under no consideration will I bring such a matter before my union. I have no
I reason to question The Call's fairness to the laboring people. The explanation of why
those resolutions were not published is sufficient for me and for any fair-minded man. In
the past The Call has maintained a friendly attitude to those who labor with their hands
for a living. Its reports of union matters, even in times of great trouble and when the
workingmen were sorely distressed, were invariably fair, impartial and the most accurate
of any of the daily papers of this City. It would ill become me or the union of
which I am a member to condemn a friend of any kind, and particularly a paper that,
as I said, has, so far, been the fairest and most accurate in its reports of labor union
matters."
failed to meet her husband, what little she
had soon disappeared.
"The next time I Tislt the Gilberts, I
hope there will be a representative of the
United States there to take care of our
trading interests, and the next time l visit
the Carolines, well I wouldn't be a bit sur
prised to see the Japanese flag flying from
the Government House in Ponapi."
TREBELLI CONCERT-
The Rain Failed to Keep Enthusiastic
SSußic-Loverg Away.
A Heavy rainfall failed to keep away the
music-lovers of the City from the Trebelli
matinee at Golden Gate Hall, and well
were they rewarded, for Mademoiselle
Trebelli excelled herself. From the mo
ment she appeared she seemed thoroughly
in touch with her audience. Encore after
encore was demanded, and after bowing
three and four times she was finally com
pelled to accede to the persistent de
mands.
The bolero from Verdi's "Vepres
Biciliennes" was the most important
work done and elicited round after round
of applause. For an encore she sang the
"Laughing Sonf»," "Eclat pour Rire"
from Auber's "Munon Lescaut."
Miss V. Schorcht played Vieux
temps' Ballade and Polonaise, Wagner's
Albumblatt and Wienlawskt's Mazurka,
exhibiting an excellent technique. Mr.
Sauvlet performed on the piauo excel
lently. Mr. Sauviet will soon leave lor
South America, where he goes to tour
with Remenyi. I. Marrion fulfilled the ar
duout duties of an accompanist skilliully.
F. Schorcht accompanied his sister.
In response to numerous requests Mile.
Trebelli will sine Tuesday night "Lo,
Hark the Gentle Lark."
J.o«t His Gold- Headed Cane.
Rev. C. H. Hobart of 763 Twellth street,
Oakland, lost a gold-headed cane in the Oak
land Postoffice yesterday morning. He de
sires to have it returned 10 him at the address
given and will rewnrd the finder.
Held on Two Charges.
Cornelius O'Connell was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by Judge
Campbell on two charges of grand larceny in
$2000 bonds on each charee. He stole a dia
mond pin from J. Jewell and $32 in coin from
C. E. Koontz, a resident in Alameda, in the
Rosalie saloon.
Acknowledged the Waltz safes, In
all sizes. 109 and 111 Market St., 6. F.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
CUBA'S CAUSE
TO BE HEARD
Mayor Phelan's Committee
Meets and Decides
on Plans.
The Mass-Meeting Wi!l Be Held
on the Twentieth of
March.
Music Is Volunteered Free cf Charge
and Offers of Aid Come From
Many Sources.
Considerable progress was made by the
Cuban League yesterday in the movement
to organize the friends of the insurgents'
cause into a body to do all possible for
Cuba, subject to the laws of the United
States against undue participation in war
iare against friendly foreign powers.
President Jones and Secretary Mas
cherini of the original Cuban League were
busy with a number of callers during the
early part of the day, and the Mayor's
general committee was in session at Cali
fornia Hall last night.
It was decided to have the general mass
meeting on the evening of March 20. The
California Statejband volunteered to fur
nish music free of charge, and the offer
was accepted with thanks.
It was decided that the committee of
fifteen will meet on Wednesday night at
tno office o! George T. Gaden in tne Mills
building and the committee of fifty will
meet at the Assembly Hall of tne Mills
building on next Saturday night.
The following communication from the
California State band was received and
placed on hie and the offer accepted:
Marcti 5. 1897.
To the Cuban Relief Committee, City— Dear
Sirs: 1 hnve been requested to inform you
that the California State band is solid to a
man in sympathy with poor, suffering Cuba,
and agree to furnish all the music necassary
in the way of a brass band of from twenty-five
to thirty pieces without cost at the mnM~mooi
ing to be neld on the 13th inst. in aid of hu
manity and freedom. Wishing success to
Cuba Libre, we remain yours respectfully,
California State Band,
Per H. J. Seegelkbn, Secretary pro tern.
One of the most important communica
tions that has yet been received by the
league came from Major \Villiam Fahey
of the Democratic Central Club last night,
and is contained in the following resolu
tions, whicli were received and placed on
tile:
Sa>- Francisco, Cal., March 6, 1887.
Mr. Chairman awl Members of the Cuban Com
mittee of Fijty-eight— Gentlemen: Ar. a regular
meeting 01 me Democratic Central Club, held
at Knights oi Pytnias Hall on Thursday even
ing, the sth inst., a committee was appointed
to draft resolutions indicating a sympathy
with and a desire to co-ooerate with the
Cuban Committee of Fifty-eight, which was
to convene the following evening by order of
Hon. Charles M. Shortridge, chairman, with
John H. Jones secretary.
In accordance with instructions the com
mittee have prepared the following report to
their club, with the understanding mat it
should be submitted here this evening to
be made a part of the proceedings:
Whereas, We, the members of the Demo
cratic Central Club of the City and County of
San Francisco, believing as we do in the in
alienable right of one people to shake off the
political bauds which have bound them to
another when such bands have become op
pressive and destructive©' material prosperity
and civil and religious liberty, we deem it the
common duty of every American citizen to ex
tend his full sympathy to such a struggling
people; and whereas, we are in daily receipt
of news through the public press of atrocities,
some of which are 100 inhuman for publica
tion in detail, against a people who are pour
ing out their iife blood f<>r freedom from the
arbitrary rule of an effete monarchy, as did
our ancestors more than a century ago, we be
lieve that Cuba, the queen of ttie Antiliies,
should have the full moral aud physical sup
port and aid oi the greatest Republic the
world has ever known— the United States of
America ; therefore
Resolved, That the Democratic Central Club
hereby expresses its willingness to co-operate
with the Cuban committee and all other bod
ies having in view the establishment ot the
autonomy of Cuba and the recognition of the
so-called insurgents of that island as a govern
ment de jure as well as de facto; further
Rcsoved, That our Representatives in Con
gress be requested to use their best efforts to
accomplish the letter and spirit of the above
resolution ; further
Resolved, That we extend our heartfelt
thanks to the American press for the manly
stand it has taken in behalf of freedom and
"Libre Cuba."
Major William Fahey,
Charles 11. Holcomb,
Andrkw Olsen,
John K. Cur ran,
Vharles Canning,
Edward McKenna,
Committee on Resolutions Democratic
Central Club.
Lieutenant Gutbrie of Merced wrote for
credentials and autbority.to establish a
branch leapua. President Jones forwarded
the necessary blanKs and authority to act.
The lieutenant said there were hundreds
in the vicinity in favorof doing all within
the limits of the law to aid Cuua.
It was decided to invite Samuel M.
Shortridge and General W. H. L. Barnes
to speak at the mass-meeting, after which
the committee adjourned.
Suits for Divorce.
Divorce suits have been filed in the County
Clerk's office as follows: Mrs. I. C. Larsen
against L. Larsen, habitual intemperance;
Mrs. Lou Putnam againht VV. Putnam, for de
sertion; John J. Killalee against Ellzn belli
Klllalee, for desertion; Addie A. Farnum
against Norris C. Farnum, for cruelty; Jean
nette Crane against T. M. Crane, for failure to
provide.
Soiree Miuir»le.
The fifth invitation soiree musicale will be
given by the McKenzie Musical Society next
Thursday evening at Native Sons' Hall on
Mason street. An interesting musical pro
gramme has been prepared, which includes
choruses by the McKenzie Musical Society of
100 voices.
SAILORS TO CELEBRATE.
fcor Yesterday Was the Thir
teenth Anniversary of
Their Union.
Exercises Postponed One Week on
Ac-ount of the Inclemency of
the Weather.
The Sailors' Union of the Pacific intends
to have a jolly time in celebration of the
thirteenth anniversary of its existence on
Saturday evening next. For that matter,
everything was programme for last even
ing, but the rain god stepped in and
* polled all the fun — habit peculiar to
'■ hat erratic deity.
Just thirteen years ago a few old sailors
fathered at the foot of Folsom street, near
& pile of lumber, and there in the open
fir, with the cool salt breeze blowing in
|om the bay, formed what is known as
tfie Sailors' Union of the Pacific. It en
sured, and after some time a three-story
!^ick structure was erected at the corner
if Mission and East streets as headquar
ters. : ; . ■ - \ -■' " ' '
f There are now about 250 members in the
Union, and it is divided into two compa
nies—A and B. : Every year the ? birth of
the union is fittingly celebrated,' and the
annual event is one in which the members
always take a keen interest. j /
First the members. will gather at the
hall on the corner of East and Mission
streets. From there the line of march will
be to , the,: foot of Folsom-street wharf,
•where v the : organization', was founded.
I'.ree cheers will be given on this historic
tVot. : * ; . ■-/:■"■:,■:■■■:. .-'';„ .: ' ,
Then, with torches flaming and banners
fliuinting and a band playing the familiar
ars of the sea, the column will march up
I ■ arket and other; principal ■ streets,' re
turning at length,' to the hall, ; where a
programme of literary i exercises will be
Tied out. Among the speakers on the
occasion will be Editor James H. Barry.
■ « •_ —^— -
I Not the Ex-Policeman.
I'rank Raymond, who was recently arrested
fc» capping, la not the ex-poiiceman of that
JFine half-tone printing by skilled men and
nl'Uuru machinery. Myseli-Koilinß, 22 Clay.*
NOT A GREEK
BUT WOULD GO
The King's Call to Arms
Deeply Stirs Local
Patriots.
Members of the Reserve May
Hasten to the Scene of
Action.
The Hellenic Society Will Hold an
Emergency MeetiDg to Discuss
the Situation-
The local Greeks are deeply stirred by
tne intelligence that the Greek Minister
of Foreign Affairs has cabled to the act
ing Grecian Minister at New York in
structing him to call out the members of
the Grecian reserve in the Unitert States
and to urge them by every means to go to
the assistance of their native country.
There is not a single able-bodied Greek
in San Francisco who would not respond
to this call with alacrity if he were able to
do so. Unfortunately for any immediate
practical evidence of patriotism, most of
the members of the Greek colony are poor
and have not the means at their disposal
to carry them back to the old country.
In this dilemma they chafe angrily, and
are now trying hard to devise some feasi
ble scheme to defray the necessary trans
portation expenses. There are probably
about fifty members ot the reserve in this
City, but that number does not include
those others who, though they have never
served in the ranks, are capable of carry*
ing a musket. There is some possibility
that the wealthy Greeks, of whom there
are many in other parts of the United
States, will rise to the spirit of an inspir
ing occasion almost unparalleled in the
annals of modern European history, and
create a fund which will enable their war
like countrymen to obey this call to arms.
The money recently raised by the
Greeks in tnis City was designed to help
the widows and orphans of murdered
sires in Crete, and cannot be diverted
from that noble object. As soon as tne
proceeds of the Greek ball have been esti
mated and added to tat sum previous. y
raised by voluntary subscription the total
will be forwarder to the Metropolitan
Bishop of the Greek cuurch at Athens
and by him distributed.
The Hellenic Mutual Benevolent So
ciety will hold an emergency meeting on
Wednesday evening, the 10th inst., and
disctiss the situation.
"We feel," said A. J. Kosto last
night, "that something shou!d be done
and done quickly. Every Greek in the
City feels that his country needs him, but
without money what can he do? A few,
it is true, possess a little property, and
these will, no donbt, try to sell it as soon
as possible and hasten to the scene of
action. The whole colony is deeply stirred
by this intelligence and will leave no stone
unturned to obey the call of their King
and country. There are many here who be
long t^ the army reserve and would" joy
fully don their uniforms again in antici
pation of striking a decisive blow at' the
power of the hated Ottoman.
"The Hellenic Society will do its best to
promote this patriotic determination, and
in the course of tfce next few days we may
be able to report something definite."
Stole a "Poor" Box.
Minnie Norton, a girl 16 years of age, was
arrested some months ago along with another
girl for stealing the poor box from St. Francis'
Church, Vallejo street. She was not punished
on her parents promising to send her to some
friends in the country. Minnie remained
away for a few months, but returned to the
City, and last night Secretary Kane ol the
Pacific Coast Society for the Suppression of
Vice and Policeman Coieman arrested her and
booked her for some pubic institution.
Fell From Ilis Wagon.
Henry Hermann, driver for A. P. Wagner
butcher National Market, fell from his wagon
at Bush and Powell streets yes terday morning
striking on his head. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital in the ambulance where it
was found that he was suffering from a lacer
ated wound iv his scalp aad concussion of the
brain. Dr. Bonneil stitched and dressed the
wound.
Haskett Smith's Lecture To-Day.
The subject of Rev. Haskett Smith's lecture
at the Young Men's Christian .Association
Auditorium, Ma^on and Ellis streets, this
afternoon at 3 o'clock, will be "Jerusalem and
the Tomb of the Savior." The service will be
free to the public, both ladies and gentlemen.
All invited.
The Princess of Wales has now held her
title just over thirty-three years — a period
wiiicn has been exceeded by only one of
her predecessors, Augusta, the daughter
in-law of George 11, who was for over
thirty-five years Princess of Wales.
SEW TO- DAT
■Ml
Don't be satisfied with just
reading these bargains.
The way to save money is to
call and investigate them.
See if there isn't some article
you need or expect to need later,
which it will pay you well to buy
now while our great flarch re-
duction sale is going on.
FOR E2Ca:m:Fl_iE :
OAK CANE-SEAT ROCKER nr\C |
OAK CANE-SEAT DINIXG-CHAIR, 7-0
braced..- ■..".......... It)
ELEGANT QUART E R D-O A K<n» Q OC
.LIBRARY-TA8LE.....;....... «SpO.ZO
HANDSOME - BRASS -. MOUNTED ; rr~
ENAMELED BED..:. «jp O. I o.'
STYLISH COBBLER-SEAT ROCKER, m><* : or
with artistically carved bacit........ «„_._»>
SHAKESPEARE CENTER-TABLE.. V mC
: tfg~ Visit Our Carpet Department. •
Cash or Easy Payments— City or Country. ■
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
% '■■ (Occupying seven immense floors), , -
235.235-237 POST STREET
.: ' . (Near Stockton), '..-',
130132-134 MOR'M STREET.
i OPEN EVENINGS.
NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS. ;. ;-_._,.
pi mess fill) '
a rnr>i\7 a i
ARRIVAL
SPRING
IMPORTATIONS!
NOVELTY FRENCH CHECKS, assorted colors, goods 45
inches in width ------ <J^Q *7K
<P<Dm / O Pattern
NOVELTY FRENCH ETAMINE CHECKS, different size
checks, goods 48 inches wide - - - <fc~7 r}(~\ ;
\p i .UU Pattern
NOVELTY FRENCH CHECKS, in both block and broken
checks, goods 44 inches wide - - - d^"T f\f\
<p / ,UU Pattern ' v
NOVELTY ETAMINE CHECKS, all new colorings, goods
40 inches wide ------ <J>Q C/"V
aPO.OU Pattern
5 cases GENUINE FRENCH SERGE, full 45 inches wide,
in all the new Spring shades, also black, CA^ '»
OUC Yard
"^ SAMPLES SENT FREE TO ANY ADDRESS.
£I^^ Country orders receive prompt attention.
£W Goods delivered free In San Rafael, Sausallto, Blltha-
dale, Mill Valley, Oakland, Alameda and 'Berkeley.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STKfcfc.i\
i CLOSED MONDAY.
I TUESDAY.
OPEN TUESDAY.
fi] ■ . ■ ■■ -
I REMOVAL SALE
i $50,000 WORTH
I BLACK GOODS
9 To Be Disposed of Before
0 Removal.
■ The Quality, Style and Assortment
B i • Unsurpassed West of Chicago.
M Ladies Desiring the Very Choicest
H Fabrics in Black will find this an
X opportunity never before afforded
H them in this city.
1 GOODS SOLD BELOW IMPORTATION
Wk ■ 'pact
COST.
I Three First-Class Salesmen Wanted
j THE SAN FRANCISCO
1 BLACK GOODS
I HOUSE,
M 2 2. Geary St., Near Kearny.
NEVER SAW
SO MUCH
LIFE
In the vl^lli
BABY £i||||p
BUGGY x -^-%^ r
Trade. ■ You'd think we had just come to town
with our big- stock of Rattan eoods.. Of course,
we ye been used to doing business upstairs at 55
l-Irst. street, where we had a poor chance to show
our goods. If you're well informed on values In
Katlan goods you've yet, got something to learu
about factory price-*. . .
We are simply competftlonles3.
CALIFORNIA RATTAN WORKS,
745 and 747 Mission Street,
Between Third and Fourth. ,
Prompt Attention to Mail Orders.
; RjHgwt. HALL'S REISVIGORATOR
Sjaaf^Mplil live hundred reward toranycasew*
B3<« Btg cannot cure. THIS SECRET KEM-
i M|> - •_ - H El>Y stops i all losses In 24 hours,
m&M PS? cures Emissions, Impotency, Varico-
: mil P/Vni eele > °norrhCßa, . Gleet. Fits, Stria-
SEHH M&i tureSl Blood Disease nod all wasllnj
r■" JpHB effects of >elf-Abute or J^xcessei.
aCTfcW«Bi Sent sealed, «2 per bottle, lilKta!
BOTTLES, $5: guaranteed to cure any casa.
DA. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE
aii >ii ' b53 Broadway, Oakland. Cat.
triVi boot — '. al »*.>««* <Juiclciy - turuo. bond for
P. GklokeateCs Ka«Uak Diamond Brand. •
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-Ctv>" Orlclnal sad Only Saaola*. '-"* A■ ;.,
', S~dt rtv\ '■•'•• ttiw V reU»W».;i lapics Mk «\ ■',
AjX^VtX. 'Drnsglrt for Chichesttrß English r>la/B\\
rSa&&)jF&ncnd Brand la Ked »nd Oald met»llioVVgr
gk -«?BWb«i«, sealed with Ola* ribbon, i Take \Br
7TI Vfc «VJiii>otfcer. JI«/>"« «rou« $vbitit<t- ™
I / fjftiont and imitation*. At DraffiaM, or Mad 4*
, : r»j ■ Jf In itwnpr for jattlo»l»r«. tMtlmaniali «d<J
'\ V* D' " Relief for Ladle*," in Ittte-. by re ton*
-V M ; M«U. iO.OOO Teitlnoaiali. Xamt Paptf.
«W«fc«.t4sr OkMOma t/0.,M •gi.'on NiM
FURNITURE,
CARPETS,
MATTINGS.
We have the only completely stocked
FURNISHING STORE on this Coast, ana
we carry everything needed in a home.
in 9 1 4 f Prices '
Right
■nBBUinBBB V People.
"We can help to reduce the amount of
your purchase, owing to the fact that we
carry a large line of Superior Second-band
Goods at very low figures.
(Save Time
COME DIRECT ]Save Money
(Save Trouble
Largest Stock, Largest Store,
Lowest Prices.
J. istooist-ajst,
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
616-518-520-522 Minna Stree;.
Above Sixth.
Phone, Jessie 4L Open Evening?.
Philadelphia
Shoe CO. Ho. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT \
', I I
$1.00 flSjb3.7sc,
CONSIDER QUALITY.
Convince yourself of the quality of the
Shoes we are offering on account of the
double Diockade. The following are some
of our prices: .
Fine V ld Kid Button Shoes, cloth or kid
tops.
Spring Heels, patent-leather tips. '
Sizes4toB. 75c
Sizes 8 to 10% Bl.no
Hzesllto'J Si. 25 i
Ladies' Heel or Spring Heel,
. sizes 2V a to 8....... Si. 50
Pebble-gram School Shoes, guaranteed for
wear:
Child's Sizes, 8 to 10% 75c
-Misses' sizes, 11 to a 91.00
~~— ~
tST Country orders solicited.
*ST Send for .New Illustrated Catalojaa.
j Address — —
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third .St.. - San . Franc Moo.
A >ti These tiny Capsules are superior!
to Balsam of Copaiba, /^~*\J
B\ 1 CubebsorlnjectionsandiflUDif]
|£J ] CURE IN 48 HOURS\3/J
|w J ' the . came diseases without
inconvenience. . ' '
Soli by all druggjsfa jThe Strangest Claim Ever Yet Made
/\ Sar\ Francisco Scientist Declares That the X jpay Will Garry
JMedicines Through the Flesh Tissues.
IF~^ 'QUIPPED with a static machine to
Ira.-*""'' - elierate electricity, a Crookes tube
JLii^^ of unusual size and novel in some
respects for the production of the X rays,
and various minor and accessory appli
ances, Dr. M. J. Woolf is conducting in
ibis City in a laboratory a series of experi
ments having in view a complete demon
stration of something new aiike to medi
cal and electrical science. His central j
idea is that it is possible with the X ray,
and solely through the agency of that
mysterious ray, to convey through the
tissues of the human body medicines of
curative properties.
Dr. Woolf goes so far as to say that he is
certain that this is so and that he has
demonstrated such to be the fact. It is j
not the purpose of this article to deny nor ;
to affirm that Dr. Woolf's conclusions are
correct. His idea and claims are, how
ever, so distinctly original that some facts
are given which are derived partly from
observation and partly irom Dr. Woolf's j
statements. These are submitted for
what they are worth with the confident
expectation that they will pique scientific
interest and perhaps promote investiga
tion in the general direction in which Dr.
Woolf's experiments lead.
For many years, and perhaps many cen
turies, the idea has been prevalent
in different portions of the globe that the
rays of the sun possess not only the
power to vivify, but that also they afe
healing agencies when properly applied.
Solan'oms have bien instituted in con
nection with hospitals and elsewhere for
the purpose ot affording patients a chance {
to reap such beneficial resu.ts from sun !
baths as could be brought. Coupled with i
the theory of the penetrating nature of |
sun rays has coexisted the practice of !
anointing with various drugs or chemi- j
cals tor sun rays to act upon directly or !
through thicknesses of glass. If benefit is !
received' in solariums, and those benefits j
are traceable or at least reasonably to be j
attributed to sunbeams or sun-rayy, :
several questions naturally occur at once j
to the lay mind and the scientific mind.
What rays are these which possess tbe ■
penetrative and curative power? Surely,]
THE APPARATUS USED IN THE REMARKABLE X-RAY OPERATION.
The Jessie Benton Fremont of To-Day
/\r\d the Qolder\ Memories JKat Cluster JKick y\bo\jt the Noble
Womarx ir\ J~ler California Home
?_ l -'A-HE spicy peppers have grown tall, |
/{.A have branched, have bloomed and
jjy* fruited into aromatic shower
clusters of scarlet berries, these many
years, alone the streets of beautiful Los
Angeles— John C. Fremont first took I
up his headquarters in that low adobe
house standing now in a populous re.-i- i
dence district of this city. By a pretty, j
even if not strange, coincidence, the pep- j
pers have grown tall, too, before that other j
homo which, after many years, is destined
now to be that of the Deloved wife of the
explorer's youth, Jessie Benton Fremont.
Tnis name, so cloriously written upon
the paces of history of the entire country
as well as that of early Ci lifornia, is not
unfamiliar to a younger generation wLich
has read in history of thai Presidential
campaign in 1856, when the followers of
the Republican standard took off their
hats and shouted for its candidate for
chief executive, John C. Fremont, "the
Pathfinder," and then cheered for his
beautiful wife, the lovable woman who is
now spending the evening of her life
within view of the scene of some of the
most thril ling incidents in her husband's
eventful career. As she sits in her lovely
home amid beautiful California flowers
to-day, and discusses the changes through
which the Government has recently gone;
as she reads of the inauguration of a new
President of the Nation— she hears the
echoes of those che-rs, thinking, as a pol
itician thinks, after long years of trained i
thought, of the country's perils and the
country's needs in the past and at the
present.
But broader and more beautifully, she
thinks as a woman, of the wives of Me-
t Kinley and ot Bryan, even without parly j
preference, knowing as but few women do i
among the millions of women in this great
Republic just what it is to be the wife of
a Presidential candidate, one of those few
who, through a glorious if seemingly al
most endless summer have looked for
ward to that day so full of meaning to all
Americans— the 4th of every fourth
November,
And oh last Thursday, the day of Presi
dent McKinley's inauguration, she could
fully realize and sympathize with the con
flicting emotions of these two women wj.o
had passed through the soul-harrowing,
some will say. they are not the heat rays !
nor the ordinary light rays. Dr. Woolf
thinks they are the mysterious ultra-violet
rays, which are known to have, he says,
capacity to penetrate. "Why," so he has
reasoned, "cannot these ultra-violet rays,
in other words the action of the sun rays,
be intensified so that in a few minutes as
much may be effected as could ordinarily
result after many days?" In his experi
ments, lending to demonstrate thai his
conclusions a-* to the actual facts are accu
rate, Dr. Wooif has employed the appar
atus which has already been roughly
enumerated.
The static machine is a very large af
fair, driven steadily by water-power and
yielding an unfailin » supply of electricity,
the conditions being those of the alter
nating current. At a distance of a few
feet, connected directly with the static
machine by thoroughly well protected
and thoroughly insulated wires, is a
Crookes tube of very large size, supported
on a standard. It is through the
Crookes tube that Dr. Woolf focuses so
to speaK the ultra-violet rays upon the
subject of his experiments. The produc
tion of the X ray directly from the static
machine without any intervening coil or
battery is a factor which Dr. Woolf con
siders unique and valuable.
The remaining conditions are easily de
scribed. The class of chemicals most
easily caused by the X ray to penetrate
the human system are roughly described
as crystalloids, nor will Dr. Woolf be more
specific in alluding to them. In addition
to the X ray tbe subject is able to become
thorouguly electrified, so that a spark can
readily be taken from any part of the
body. The electric current passes in
through an insulated stool,, upon which
the feet of the subject rest. The first evi
dence of complete electrification is the
unmistakable tendency of the subject's
hair to stand upon end. The subject,
judging by the experience of the writer,
does not experience any particular sensa- I
tion while he is becoming electrified.
The wires, carefully insulated, neverthe- |
less give out much electricity, leakage,
I and thi3 was fully determined by the I
uncertain days ol the last Presidential
campaign as the wives of the candidates.
She could apprec ate, in part, the feeling
of pride in her husband's achievement
that filled the breast of Mrs. McKinley;
and she couid appreciate still more fully
the regretful sorrow that must have per
meated the breast of Mrs. Bryan, when
she read of the triumphal entry of her
husband's late opponent into the National
capital; for the same feelings bad been
hers on one similar occasion just forty
years ago to the day.
But those memories have lost, I fancy,
somewhat oi their power to stir the quiet
of that sweet old lady, who rests and #
dreams in the languorous beauty of her
southern garden and enjoys only the
golden reflection of -hose dazzling days
without their jnr and discord.
It was in this mood 1 found her one
warm fragrant evening. She lives in
Adams street, that part of Los Angeles
remarkable for its fair homes, made fairer
by the luxuriance and charm of tropical
gaidens. Magnolias overshadow the fresh
lawn, orange trees and fan palms gather
the perfumes In their cooler masses, and
the graceful, willowy pepper flings out its
scarlet, bead-strung clusters to every pass
ing breeze, all conspiring to make beauti
ful the spot which bhe has chosen for the
home of her dec ining years.
She was sitting in her pretty reception
room, its windows thrown open to the
dewy night, so warm and wooing in this
southern latitude, and she herself as warm
and wooing as the air. Her daughter was
with her, and a friend — some very dear
friend, who proudly professed her love as
she arose to go. Everything and every
body seems to love Mrs. Fremont.
And then followed a most delightful
evening, for Mrs. Fremont has seen so
many pi.ases of lite and has fathered
around her such a store of reminiscence
that she is a charming conversationalist
and a delightful entertainer. She talked
of a fashionable wedding in Washington
at which she appeared in all the glory of a
bridesmaid when she was but 15; she told
of Her travels in Europe, of her journey
ings to the Golden State in the early days
of California to join her aaventur us hus
band, and of many other incidents of her
life that were highly entertaining. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
writer, who took sparks from different
points on tbe insulated wire*. The air dur
ing the experiments is undoubtedly in ac
tive and rapid vibration. Every atom in the
bo iy of the subject is insensibly affected
by the electricity. Perhaps this molecular
activity is largely a factor.
The X ray concentrating.suppontitiously
at least, beneficial rays of the sun and
directing them to the anointed part, is
produced by the static machine without
the evolution of any heat in" the Crookes
tube. The rays generated are so powerful
that it is possible to see through the abdo
men at a distance of eight feet. The ab
sence of heat is in accordance with
acknowledged electric theories, because
there are no calorific effects in the gener
ation of energy by the static machine.
Dr. Woolf says that "Whether the static
machine has anything to do with the
effect of the X rays in carrying medicine
into the system is, of course, a matter for
conjecture. Certain it i* that the X rays
will not produce the effect alone. The
static machine causes the atmosphere to
be penetrated for several feet around with
electricity which may possibly cause a
molecular disturbance in the flesh tissues,
so that the rays can do the work of carry
ing the medicine. This can, however,
only be determined in the future.
"My discovery was made only a short
time ago. It may be summed up simply
in this, that the mysterious radiance in
passing through flesh tissues is capable of
carrying with it certain particles. These
particles can be in the form of certain
chemicals, which are carried directly into
the system, and should there be a diseased
part it will purely be reached and a cure
can be effected. That this can be done I
have in a number of cases fully demon
strated. I simply have anointed the
skin over the diseased or painful part and
then subjected it to a few minutes' ex
posure under the X ray, and that is all
there is to it."
Dr. Woolf Is young. He is an enthusi
astic electrician and physician. He firmly
believes that he has discovered something
new in electrical application, as his re
marks indicate. There is no doubt that
his claim will be vigorous!}' discussed.
But none of these were as interesting as
the story she told of the courtship of Gen
eral Fremont and of her romantic mar
riage to the explorer. She met John C.
Fremont in the very late thirties. Fre
mont was then a second lieutenant of en
gineers in the United States army and was
engaged in a survey of the territory that
lay between the Missouri and Upper riv
ers. The your.g officer was introduced
into the home of Colonel Thomas H.
Benton, then United States Senator from
Missouri, and at first sieht, according to
his confession to the young lady after she
becamo his wife, fell deeply in love with
Miss Jessie Benton, the second daughter
of t c Senator, and then a young girl but
15 years old. The young lieutenant proved
OLD HEADQUARTERS OF JOHN C TREMONT, ON MAIN ST., LOS ANGEIES, r iri '-^1
Some Rich and Rare Memories of "The Days of Old"
When Colonel John C. Fremont, "Jhe Pathfinder/ Pitched J"lis Tent on the Qround
Where the Palace Hotel NoW Stands
to be an ardent wooer and at once began
to press his suit. The object of his affec
tions looked favorably upon his wooing,
but the parents of the young lady seriously
objected to his attentions to their daughter. I
Colonel Benton was vehement and out
spoken in his opposition to young Fre
mont's suit. He declared thai his daughter
should not wed an army subaltern. He
declared that the army was not a profes- I
sion; that an officer's income was only a
salary that ended with his life, leaving his
widow a helpless ward of the War Depart
ment. Mrs. Beaton's objection to Fre
mont's suit was based upon the extreme i
youth of her daughter. Both father and
mother expressed the greatest personal
regard for the young lieutenant, but they
were determined, lor the reasons they
gave and which they considered all suf
ficient, that he should not wed their child.
But the soldier-lover was persistent. He
told the father of the young girl he loved
of his ambitions; how he intended to rise
above the rank of a simpie lieutenant of
engineers and make for himself a name
that should be illustrious; but to all the
young lover's pleadings the father turned
a deaf ear, and would often become impa
tient at the young man for his persistence.
It was during the summer of 184 L, while
young Fremont was endeavoring to over
come these impediments that had been
placed in the way of his marriage, that he
received a strange but emphatic order
from the War Department to make an ex
amination of the Dcs Moines P.iver, then
upon the extreme frontier and upon whose
banks the hostile Sacs and Fox Indians
made their homes. The order was a
'strange and mysterious one, but it was in
exorable. The young lieutenant and his
sweetheart suspected that the idea of send
ing him into such distant territory eman
ated from Colonel Benton, who hoped that
during the long absence of the soldier
his daughter might be weaned away from
what he considered a mere infatuation of
hers.
There were but two courses open to
young Fremont — to obey the order or
throw up his commission. He was a
soldier and he obeyed orders! With the
best spirits he could command Fremont
set out upon his perilous expedition. He
discharged his duty with jo much credit
to himself that, the gallant soldier return
ing not only found the loyal heart of his
lady love awaiting him, but an appoint
ment to explore the Rocky Mountains
and also to find a new emigrant trail to
the Great West.
Soon after the young officer's return to
Washington on the 19th of October, 1811,
he and Miss Jessie Benton were quietly
wedded in Washington. Colonel Benton
and his wife soon became reconciled to
the marriage — so soon, that the very next
year the colonel intrusted his 12-year-old
son, Randolph, to the care of Fremont as
his companion during his expedition to
the Rocky Mountains.
Does not interest cluster about a girl of
16— a bright, vivacious, charming girl — in
love with a soldier? Romance rejoicr-s
that an irate father oppofied them, and
The Meadow Lark.
I.
When patches show through melting snow.
And softer winds begin to blow,
Though Winter still seems king of all.
There comes a soft, half-moumful tall
And farmers straightway think of Spring
When meadow larks begin to sing.
When early day dawns sad ana gray.
There comes a voice not far away.
From 'neath some bush—a cheerful voice.
That bids us in our life rejoice:
And spirits cannot long be dark
When sings the early meadow lark.
, •■' HI v
An hour hence, along the fence,
A matin concert will commence.
Each lark will sing, and pipe and trill
Just when he likes and as he will; x
A deafening chorus of bird glee
From fence and bush, from shrub and tree.
, ■'.-.■■, 'i ■■ .■ t ■ ■".*.■... ■■■. .■■ v ■■■
_ *> _
ripples with laughter when her lieutenant,
after a year of absence, returns, flushed
with success, to clum his girlish brute.
Nor does she leave them with a plain wed
ding-ring and an equally plain future.
Step by step she paces out for them a
career as brilliant and eventful asshe does
for the children of her dearest favor.
The year after his marriage young Fre
mont bade his youthful bride farewell and
started on his perilous expedition to the
Rocky Mountains and began a career
marked by hardships and vicissitudes, but
which finally earned for him the fame of
being a Presidential candidate and the
name of "Pathfinder."
in these various fortunes of her hus
band the young wife shared, but history
sometimes forgets to paint the sorrows
and anxieties which preyed upon her
heart while he marched onward and up
ward through peril and misfortune. But
IV.
In midday's heat, clear, wild and sweet",
A lark calls at our very feet.
Then flies to where an answering trill
Comes from the top of yonder hill:
And plodding plowboys stop .to hark
The lovesong of the meadow lark.
When the glad sun his course has run,
And shadows tell the day is done.
The mournful note grows in his song
As of a longing vain but strong—
That finds an echo in each heart.
For longing is of life a part
VI.
As darkness grows and<iirrmess throws
O'er fields where birds have found repose
Our minds in double darkness grope
For ray of joy or sound of hope.
We hear it thrilling through the dark,
The warble of a meadow, lark.
these bygone troubles of Mrs. Fremont
have made her broader and sweeter and
betier. Her soft, glowing whi'.e hair is
brushed away from a brow serene and
tranquil, and her bright, steady eye and
beautiful smile are but tempered with a
trace of that experience which has swept
through her life only to ennoble ir.
Her daughter, Mis? Elizabeth Fremont,
whose share of experience in those event
ful years was not a little, gives many
lovely pictures ot her mother; brief
glimpses, it is true, but touched always
with that steady lighting of strength and
sincerity so characteristic and so admira
ble. '"We had a rare opportunity to test
our patience once," she said snjilingly,
after finishing a bit ot personal history.
"Our camp at one time, just a group of
tents, was pitched on the present site of
the Palace Hotel in San Francisco.
"The City then was made up of the worst
and the best elements — the quiet, peace
loving old padres and the habitues of the
hundred gambling dens. Sprinkled in be
tween these two were tne miners and pros
pectors, men of all grades and types, out
of which sprang trio manhood of our
present day. Once when my mother was
very ill, we attempted to buy for her some
egss with which to tempt her apj etite.
The market price was $12 a dozen, but at
this particular time the possessor of such
a luxury would not part with thpm for
thrice that amount. In vain be was
offered again and again an ever increasing
price, but be stubbornly refused to sell.
Suort.'y after these hopefe3S negotiations
were abandoned our untempted eggiuan
was not to be found ; but ©re long he ap
peared at tiie door of our tent, beaming
like the full moon with smiles and bright
ness, and in his most elegant manner
kindly presented a little package of eggs
to mother — all he had.
"But the beauty and glory oil abont us
compensated much for our deprivations.
I remember of traveling by wagon from
the bay country to Manposa through
scores of mile?, level as a floor, and all
overflowed with bloom. In our white
covered "schooner" we crossed the San
Joaquin Valley, its great expanse blue
and billowy as the sen from masses of
azure blossoms. We seemed absolutely
to swim up into the dimiy outlined hori
zon, where the blue of world and sky
met."
Mrs. Fremont published a book several
years ago under the title of "Souvenirs of
My Time," in which she recounts most
graphically the most striking incidents of
ncr eventful life.
The name of Fremont will always be in
separably connected with the history of
California. The old Californian— it dogs
not matter which kind — he who used to
talk of Pike County, or of baked beans, or
he who still talks of tha time when the
water came up to Montgomery street — the
old pioneer, I say, is proud of the Cali
fornia Battalion, and we, iss native 3 , are
proud of it, too. We honor them, those
fine old pioneers, who wern so solid for it
and for its leader, John C. Fremont. But
1 venture to say there is another kind of
California battalion to-day — a more quiet,
perhaps smaller, but none the less loyal
company — out for the election to leader
ship of such as this one of California's
dearest women, she who shared the vi
cissitudes of the State and Nation, the
daughter of the Senator and the wife of
the candidate — Jessie Benton Fremont.
May Blossom Lixdlet.
His Last Poem.
: Blows the wind tc-day, and the sun and rain
are flying,
Blows the wind on the moors to-day and
now,
I Where about the graves of the martyrs the
wnaups are crying,
My heart remembers how!
Gray recumbent tombs of the dead in desert
places,
Standing stones en the vacant wine-red moor,
Hiiis of sheep, «nd the homes of the si!cnt
vanished races,
And winds, austere ana pure.
Be it granted me to behold you again in dyings
Hiils of home! and to hear again the call;
Hear about the graves ci the martyrs the pee
veei coin -,
And hear no more at all!
Robert Louis Stkvknson. in the Artbenieum,
Vaccination hus just bern introduced
into Afghanistan, by the advice of Misi
Hamilton, an English physician, who is
in attendance upon the Ameer.
• — ♦ — •
The thieves of Great Britain steal about
£8,000,000 worth of property every yew.
1718
Among Historic Monuments in the Beautiful, Picturesque Valley of the Avon
PBiHE chief attraction of Bournemouth
/j.^ _( 0 those who are blessed witn the
jlfcK usual number of lungs, legs and
eyes — is that it is such an excelled*., start
ing point for innumerable excursions, by
train, by coach, by carriage or wboel and
even on foot if there are any who are not
too proud to travel so humbly.
For a breatn of th-i deep pine-scented air
of the New Forest, for a quick glimpse of
the Valley of the Avon, with Christchurch
and Christchurch Priory, it is well to
patronize the coach.
It is quite an imposing coach that stands
in the square in Iront of one of the big
hotels, with four well-groomed horses un
der gleaming harness, a coachman in
livery on the box and a footman behind
to manipulate the horn, and sometimes,
as a final touch of luxury, a tiny long
coated postillion.
It is a clear, light morning as we start
down the street, with a jingle of bells and
a jovial cracking of whips and a blast from
the horn that reverberates among the
hills. Before many minutes pass we are
out of the streets i;i the pine avenues,
rattling down the road ;it a pace that
speaks weli for our pro^re«s through the
day's rich programme. A half hour's
drive, over the rough, wet roads, with the
flooded fields on either side; the whoie
country involuntarily converted to a Dutch
landscape — brings us to our first destina
tion. Chnstchurch Parish consists of the
Priory, the ruins of the old feudal castle
and castle keep, the little Norman bridiie
over a madly excited little river, as voluble
Plan of the Paris
Exposition of 1900
t.S far as money, energy and art will 1
j avail, Paris proposes to usher inthe
" twentipth century with an exposi
tion that will far eclipse everything of the
sort in the past and discount the under
takings of the future for many years to
come.
No expense is to be spared and ample
provision has been made tor all the money
that may be needed; the grounds have
FIRST STROKE OF THE PICK OiN THE EXPOSITION OF 1900.
been selected and laid off, and the work of
preparing and beautifying them begun,
and the designs for the various buildings
have been chosen, the sites selected and
tha preliminary work is now unaer way.
Tnree million one hundred and twenty
five thousand construction bonds of 20
francs each ($13,000,000) have been issued,
each of which gives the right of twenty
admissions to the exposition, leduced
rates to all the" special shows and exhibits,
and on the railways of the city, ana to the
great lotteries, with prizes ranging us high
TRANSPLANTING TREES ON THE PARIS EXPOSITION GROUNDS.
■ as a group of gossips; a winding street of
! irregular houses, dark and old, and broad
! and tall, with gables and dormer windows
'and lattices; with biz, irou lamps and
i weather-beaten signs, over the dark
arched doors of the old-fashioned Inns— ln
| short, just sucn a place as exists chiefly in
j the imagination or on the staee. As we
; turn the last corner tlie view is dominated
I by the '"Antelope" and the "Goo B e," "as
; large as life and twice as natural," that
i stand in effigy over the tr.verns they have
deigned to give their names to.
The Priory, w bich is the oldest parish
; church in England, occupies a slight e!e
--j vation immediately over the river. The
; stones in the grass-g.own graveyard seem
to be marching down to the river bank in
I a solemn procession. Jus: old the
CHRIST CHURCH PRIORY.
original church is, or just when the town
was started, is a matter cf interest to anti
quarians. The placo is mentioned in the
Saxon chronicles, and the earliest men
tion of the Priory is in the Domesday
Book. It was presented to the architect,
Bishop of Durham, Kahh Flam bard, by
William 11, and the monks had many
a curious legend as to the building of the
church. The verger, who is a rare exam
ple of his kind, and is young, interesting,
and talks like a college- brtd man, smiles
as he relates that originally another site
■was chosen, but every night the day's
labor was destroyed and the stones re
moved Jo the rising ground between the
two streams, the Avon and th» Stour. At
last they determined to continue on the
spot to which the heavenly finger pointed,
as 500,000 franc?, that arc the usual accom
paniment of every public undertaking in
France.
When the funds from this source are
exhausted a treasury loan is to be made
guaraweed by the entrance fee?.
The site selected lies on both sides of
the Seine from the Pont de la Concorde
down to some distance below the Pont
1 d'Jeaa.
In the northeastern part on the Champs
Elysees are the gates of entrance and the
Palaces of Fine Arts. The ground chosen
for these latter was occupied in part by
the great Palace of Industry erected some
years ago. This has ueen razed, and
palaces 2 and 3 are to be erected in its
place. Tne entrance to No. 2 will be the
grand entrance to the exposition, by which
all public and ctlicial visitations will be
made.
The grounds bave been inclosed by a
high palisade fence, and there is to be no
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
and this lime they were assisted by those
determined spirits who had first foiled
them.
A supernumerary workman was ob
served to toil during the hours of labor,
but he exhibited a most unusual indiffer
ence to his meals am! his wages, thus sat
isfying the roo-t incredulous that lie must
have been heaven-sent. A beam that was
too short was lengthened a whole foot, and,
in fact, so marvelous was the assistance
of this incorporeal workman that popular
belief could only attribuie it to the most
direct personal intervention, and the edi
tice was dedicated to Chris:. There is a
continned list of priors from 1150 to 1539,
when King Henry VIII obtained posses
sion of it and granted it to the wardens
and inhabitants of Christchurch forever.
I However much that august monarch sev
! ered himself and his people from Rome,
ithe church has all of the characteristics
and some of the grandeur of the great
cathedrals. An avenue of elm?, gaunt
: and twisted and leafless and black, leads
to the north circle, in the center of which
S is the wide pointed arch which forms the
' direct entrance to the church. In olden
! days it was called the Galilee. Here the
! prior was wont to sit at an oaken table to
| sign and seal all the secular documents —
bills for wax alar lights, or marriage cer
tiheates, or deeds of land.
The interior is a marvel of discolored
I stone. The roof is of timber and must
j originally have been paintud, aa were the
capitals of the columns that here and
there bloom in a little cluster of brilliant
marring the beauty of the adjoining j
grounds or disturbing the convenience of
the public by the cartage of old and new
material up and down the avenues. This
will be done t-ntirely by underground
railways. The accompanying cut shows
the first stroke oi work in the construc
tion of the railroad from the grand pal
aces 2, 3 and 4 to the Seine, by means of
which everything is to be handled by
boats on the river.
One of the most interesting and instruc
tive features of the work now under way
is that of forest-making. Huge trees, of j
large girth and great spread of limb, are
being transplanted in preat numbers in
the exposition grounds. Trees of mature
growth and great sizo are selected. Exca
vation i* made about the roots so as to
leave them intact in the inclosing earth,
which is so bound and swaddled as to
hold it firmly in place while in transit
on a specially contrived vehicle from the
forests to the place of repiantins;.
The selections were all ninde some time
aso, and as soon as the winter was well
set in large forces of men were bet to work
and the transplanting pushed rapidly so
as to cet the roots well settled in the
ground before the sap begins to run.
By the time of leafing tha formerly
colors. In the center of the nave w? see (
the four massive Norman arches in which
stood the old lantern tower, which gave
light to the choir at a time when glass was I
the luxury and extravagance of kins?.
The Kood screen, carved like an Italian
bridge, separates the nave from the choir.
The great Rood, a figure of Christ on the
cross, used to stand just over the screen,
and here the monks celebrated the mass at
midnight. To this day the lessons are read
from the top of the Rood screen.
It has been said that Christcbtirch is
the only example in England of a min
ster choir remaining absolutely untouched
hi all its quaintness and beauty. The choir- j
stalls are very curious, and the wood
carver of that day must have been allowed
more latitude than his present-day broth
ers. Age lends richness and dignity to
even the most vulgar design, and it is only
after close inspection that we discover the
subject of the splendid carved chairs. A
sailor in a nightcap, having a hand-to
hand battle with a goose, who has stolen
hisdinner; a hungry dog gnawing a bone;
a clown with a swollen face; a monk at
prayers, while a cur makes away with his
dinner; a fox preaching to the geese — and
the animation of these cackling geese
speaks well for the arts of the mendicant
friars to whom the carving has been at
tributed.
The chief jewel in the crown of Christ
church is the reredos, the arrangements of
the high altar, a marvel of archaic carv
ing. What it must have been eight cen
turies ago, with its images of silver and
the gleam of its golden vessels, with the
priests in gorgeous vestments and the
iight of a hundred candies, ail this we can
oniy imagine.
Next to it is the chapel of the ill-fated
Countess of Salisbury. The verger mur
murs how they dragged her from the
chapei, poor old woman, and threatened
her with instant death unless she would
divulge the hiding place of her son, Car
dinal Pole; how they mutilated and de
faced the beautiful chapel and plundered
it of its ornaments; and, finally, they be
headed the poor Countess in the Tower
of London. And this was the Reforma
tion !
Next to the chapel is a little stone
chamber, with no entrance to the church
but an opening large enough for a man
to thrust in his hand. Th<?re was a special
grant for the lepers of the parish, and that
fund is now divided for the benefit of the
deserving poor. It was into this closed
stone cell that they marched, at a certain
hour when the road was cleared for them,
with the sound of their desolating cry
warning their feilow-rnen. The priest
han led in the wafer through that tiny
opening, and before the end of the service
they went forth again through a black
arch with an iron door.
It is a great temptation to linger in the
quaint old church ; perhaps there is hardly
a finer Norman tower than this, with its
boid circular staircase, its splendid arcade,
with its fourteen divisions so wonderfully
wreathed, one within the other and orna
mented with intricate Roman inter
lacini:s, a Iretwork of stone. There is the
lady chapel and the old missal-room, full
of grinning and grotesque gargoyles, and
the crypt, that was discovered in this
century packed solid w;th human bones.
It is with quite the proper little shudder
that we leave this gloomy little subter- I
ranean chamber and pass out into the j
< empty spaces of the Champs Elysees and |
other parts of the grounds will have the
appearance of a forest of fifty years'
growth.
From the Champs Elysees section pas
sage is had to the next, lying on the j
south side of the Seine by the new Pont ;
Alexandre 111, a splendid structure, de
signed by the celebrat3d MM. Cassien-
Bernard, the cornerstone of which was
laid by the Czar during his visit to Paris
last year. The second or Industrial and j
Manufacturing section lies along the Es
pianmie dcs luvalides and comprises four
extensive and splendid palaces.
The plans have recently been amended j
I to make tlie river banks one oi the greatest
attractions of the exposition. Between
the Pont de la Concorde and the Pont de<
j Invalides they will be lined with gayly
decorated terraces and gardens, and on
the south side along the Qual d'Orsay will
stretch hothouses for the horticultural ex
hibits, the pavilions of foreign nations
and the buildings for various special ex
hibits, while from the Pont de l'Alma on
down on both banks will be exhibits of
forest, field and seas.
A Life Stonj.
He Is too younK to know it now,
But some day be will know.
£I'(iIKE FIEM>.
Above her little sufferer's bed,
With &'.) a mother's grace.
She stroked tne cur;y, throbbing head
And smoothed the fevered face.
I "He does not know my love, my fears,
My toil of heart and hand;
But some day in the after years,
Some day he'll uuder6iand;
Some day he'll know
I loved him 'so,
Some day he'll understand."
A wild lad plays his thoughtless part
As fits his childhood's lot,
And tramples on his mother' heart
Oft times aud knows it not.
He plays among his noisy mates,
Nor knows his truest iriend; ; t
His mother sigh*, as still she waits,
"Some dny he'll comprehend;
The day will be , .; .
When lie will see.
Some day he'll comprehend." "
The strong youth plays his strenuous part;
His mother waits alone,
And soon he finds another heart . . .
The mate unto his own.
She gives him up in joy and woe,
He takes his young bride's hand; •
His mother murmurs, "Will he know
And ever understand?
When will he know
i love him so;
When will he understand?"
The strong man fights his battling days, ;
The fight is hard and grim, , '*>/
His mother's plain, old-fashioned ways
Have little charm for him. ■ ~
The dimness falls around her years,
The shadows 'round her stand,
■ She mourns in loneliness and tears,
■.." "He'll never understand. . :
■-". He'll never know
I loved him so; " :
He'll never understand."
! A bearded man of serious years
■ Bend;- down above the dead,
And rains the tribute of his tears
Over an old, gray head. -X;
He stand-: the open grave above, >v
■. Amid the mourning bands; -
: And now he knows his mother's lova
?. : - And now he understands.
Now doth he know '
She loved him so,
And now he understand*. «
. —Sam Walter Fossin New York Sun.
Ants have brains larger in proportion to
the size of their bodies than any other
living creatures. They are endowed with
a high quality of instinct, display reason
ing ability and good judgment, and pos
sess Dowers 9* leflectiou and calculation. i
graveyard, where a chill wind has sprung
up from somewhere and stirs the long
grass. The whole tract is called Paradise,
but it is rather a melancholy one. The
inscriptions on the lonib*tone3 are singu
larly striking. There was one philoso
pher who remarks: »
Wo were not slayne, but rays'd —
It ays' d no: to life,
But to be buried twice
By men of atr fe;
What rest coul<i the living have
When dead men bad none?
Agree amongst you
Here we tea are one. ,
And here is a touching testimony to the
virtues of a child:
• At the ester end of this free
t?to»e, here dotth ly the letle
Bone, of Water Spurrer,
That fine boy.that was bis
Friend's only joy, he was
Dround at Milhaus Bndtf
The 2lHh of August, 1691.
Soon we have left Curistchurch far be
hind us, but we follow the river. The
clear Avon, the beautiful, smiling, glisten
ing Avon, is a turbulent stream at this
season of the year, and has been joining
with its friend, the Stour, to sweep over
the fields. It tear 3 along like a miilrace,
great masses of sodden ice floating on its
swirling sur.'acc. If, as legends tell us,
fair Gwendoline drowned herself with
grief at parting with her not too-distin
guished lover, it is to be hoped that she
choose the summertime.
Even in winter the New Forest has
cnarms, tiie gigantic branches of ttie bare
trees entangled in the evergreens, the dull
To the south of these, extending across
the Champ de Mars from the river to the
Ecole Miiitaire. is the most extensive sec
tion of the whole exposition. Seven luge
structures, whose uses are s!:own Dy the
index to the ground plan, occupy the
space and afford ample accommodation
for a most lavish display in their several
lines.
The display of architectural taste and
skill in tne designs of the various build
ings will be at once unique and magnifi
cent. Tne foremost talent of the world, it
may be said, entered into the competition
and the selections made from the designs
submitted are said to be marvels of beauty
and appropriateness.
Outside the grounds Paris is making
' Palaces or Fine arts- Architect-in Chief M. Giraclt.
1-Small Palace, M. Girault Architect. , 4-Grand Palace, posterior part, M. Albert Momus Architect.
2— Grana Palace, exterior part, M. DeGlane Architect. s— Entrance Gates, M. R. Binet Architect
3— Grand Palace, intermediate part, M. Albert Louvet Architect.
BARGEB AND QUAYS.
6— Bridge Quays and Barges, as far as Pont dcs luvalides, MM. Cassien-Bernard Architects.
Esplanade dcs Invalides.
7-Pttiace of Information and National Manufactures, MM. | banks between the Pont dcs Invalides and the Pont de
Tourdoir & Pradellc Architects. l'Atma, M. Cb. A. u.iutin Architect
8-Pnlace of Decoration ana Furniture, M. E.-quii Architect. 12-Palaces of Congresses of Social Economle, M. Ch. Mewes
9— Palace of Various Industries, MM. Lauche & Machuse Ar- Architect
„ _ chite «B; 13-Palace of Marine Merchandise of Forest, Chase, Fisheries
10-Palace of Ceramics and Glasses , M. lropez-Bailly, Architect and Harvest, MM. Guillaume Troucuet and Abrien Rey
11— Palace of Horiiculture aud the Barges and Quays on both Architects
Champs de Mars. j
14-Palace of Instruments and General Proceedings of Lltera- 18 -Palace oi Mines, Metallurgy, Mechanics and Fountains, M.
ture, Science and Arts, M. Louis Sortais Architect. PauliniArchitect
15-Palace of Foods, M. I, Varcalli.r Architect. 19-Palace of Electr.clty and Chemical Industries, M. Eugene
lfa— Palace of Threuds, Tissues and tlotns, M. Blavette Ar- Henard Architect.
,_ _ , chlte ? t ,, „ _" „ 20-Banqueting Hall and Palace of Agriculture, M. Raulin
17— Palace of Civil Engineering ana Means of Transportation, Architect. .
M. Jncquos Humont Architect.
Trocadbro.
21— Palace of Colonization, MM. Deputtus <fc Sou Architccls.
red flame of the underwooa mm ?»•"•""
frost bloom cannot extinguish, the H'MU
opening of the trees shuddermg back
from a little woodland pool, dark, me an
choly as a suggested tragedy. A little(fur
ther on a charcoal-burner's hut, with the
timber pied around it; tnen an inn and a
few scattered gr en-thatched cotta-es
dropped down among the trees.
There is Avon Tyrell. with the black
smith's forge built on the very spot, it h
said, where Sir Walter Tyrell struck spurs
into his horse and fled ironi the murder oi
William Kufus.
It is at Ringwood, the venerable, that
the coach with its steaming horses comes
to B final halt.
In 1066 Ringwood was one of the man
ors of Tostig, the fierce brother of Harold.
It was of vast importance as a royal manor
of the Normans in that day throng!) its
fealty to Tostig and its enmity to Harold.
It was one of the earliest to acquire the
right for markets and fairs, and here the
itinerant merchants, the chapmen, brought
luxuries and vanities to temnt ttie iair
women of Ringwoud. To this day in
many places where the festival is observed
the renowned local gingerbread is sold.
It was centuries later that the troops of
James 1.1 scoured the country around the
already ancient town in pursuit of the
fugitive Monmouth, and it was in a field
called to-day "Monmouth's Close" that
they unearthed him at last.
"At sunrise the next morning the search
recommenced. At lenetb a gaunt figure
was discovered in a ditch. Tno pursuers
It Will Surpass All
Similar Undertakings
extensive additions lo its already large
facilities for handling the multitudes who
will flock to the s:iow. Large new hotels
are being erected and others added to and
renovated, and the transportation facili
ties are being enlarged and extended on a
grand scale.
The work of allotting space to the ex
hibitors frora the various countries wiil
soon begin, and it will be in a large
EXPOSITION" UNIVHRSELLE
JDE 1900
EJTJPLACEZTENT IDES &ALAIB
CHAMPS ELYSEES.
wa3 that of a hhepherd. He trembled
greatly and was unable to sj>enk. Eveii
iho?e who had often seen him were ::t first
in doubt whether this were trnlv the bril
liant and grac^ ful Monmmuh. * * * The
prisoner was conveyed under a strong
guard to Rinewood."
And he c, Mucaulay adds, ne wrote that
memorable appeal to his uncle, the King,
"tlie letter of a man whom a craven fear
had made insensible to shame."
There is a church with a square tower
ami a grammar school founded by Rich
ard Lvnne in the time of Queen E.iza
beth. There was educated that ami
quaied divine, B.shop Stillingfleet, whose
peculiar hose and devo:ed attachment to
•'literary tea parties"" gave birth to the
IN THE NEW FOREST
mucli-abus(.'d term, ' Blue stocking."
The place and the whole aurroundinc;
country is rich with memories — battles
and b'oodshed, feasts and festivals, mur
ders and martyrdoms.
It is peaceful enough to-day; a sleepy
little town as the coach iroes rattling
through the street; cni:dren are playing
.nimic warfare in a field, innocent of
Royalists or Roundheads, and a drove of
fat siieep are bein;; worried along by two
dogs and two shepherJs, ambitious of a
prize at the cattle fair.
The wintry sun shines on the oid roofs
ana the older trees and the rush of the
river is the only threatening element ia
ttie charming twilight landscape.
Van Dyck Brown.
Bournemouth, February, 1897.
mea-nre "first come, first All
the European nations, b?s dcs Australia.
Japan and several of the Soulh American
countries, have made appropriations and
provision for exhibits, Dut the United
States Government has as yet made no
move toward giving cur people an oppor
tunity of making any display. Valuabla
time is slipping away and it is to be
hoped that seme action will soon be taken.a Bird Medley.
M^EADOW LARKS sing in the air
S these days, whirring; up from the
_J field furrows with little bursts of
aonji, which they continue as they fly.
This is the very height of their musical
achievements and they reserve it to cele
brate ths recurring spring season. A little
later, when they have wooed and won
their mate and are burdened with family
cares, they will still sing, but more
scdatelv.. from the rocks and the fence
tops. Lateryet, in the autumn days, they
will surprise you by whistling melodiously
from the treetops, for they are biids of
many moods and resources. We owe
them a debt of gratitude, for they stay
with us and sing for us the year round.
They really cannot help sinsine, and as
an earnest of their musical mission they
carry, picked out in black in the brave
yellow of their breasts, a tiny lyre. It is
hard to imagine what our fields would be
without the cheery notes of these birds
singing sweetness into the wheat and bar
ley and oats.
The meadow larks set up housekeeping
early in the season and nest on the
ground, drawing down the tall grasses in
a very clever fashion to conceil their little
Lorries. The small hen is herself quite a
sincerand the pairs may often be heard
cf a summer evening indulging in soft
musical dialogues, now and then inter
rupted on her part by an abrupt chan.e to
a queer, little sculding burden with which
she assails her mate, jometimes keeping
it up for some time.
Just now, however, nothing ssems fur
ther from the ken of the birds than car?.
The air np here on tee hills rings with
their melody and the trees are gay witn
their petty fluttering. It is curious how
prone the birds are to confine themselves
to special localities, jn my immediate
neighborhood, for instance, there are no
meadow larks, but less than a quarter of
a mile above me there are great numbers
of them. To reach them I strike oyer the
hills and pass through an orchard where
hundreds of robins have their headquar
ters, but I do not find the robins until I
come to this orchard, nor will I meet
many beyond it. Just below me the red
shafted nickers throng. This woodpecker
New Fad of Recuperation
Among Ladies of Fashion
gp- HE old form of rest cure, with j
its dismal accompaniments of dark, |
pictnreless rooms, its enforced i
isolation from relatives and friends for
a period of six weeta or two months,
its still more trying ordeal of over
feeding, is a thing of the past. It has
been tried and found wanting. Those
who were so unfortunate as to Lave sub
mitted to the rigorous, one might almost
say heroic, treatment that was a part of
it, came forth from it with nerves more
sensitive than ever, mentally unbenetited,
and physically changed only in the pos
session of the extra pounds avoirdupois
the overfeeding had induced. The super
fluous flesh, however, did not mean more
stiength, and it became a matter of re
joicing when, after a few weeks of ordi
nary routine, the patient regained his
usual size. This rigid form of rest— or,
ratner, torture cure, as some who have
taken it facetiously style it— has been suc
ceeded by a more agreeable as well as
more effective method of restoring tone to
overtaxed nerves.
This is what is known as the Dartial
rest, the leaaing of a comparatively pas
sive existence during possibly three days
of each week for a month, or perhaps two,
the period varying according to the condi
tion of the patient. During these three
days which are passed in bed no treatment
is undergone, except such as relates to the
complete relaxation of mind and body.
Jt may not be uninteresting to picture
the details of this partial rest cure as it is
taken by those whose means and leisure
enable them to reap its full benefit.
The appearance of the patient as she
lies in bed propped up by downy pillows
if> a pleasing one. it is true there are
dark hollows about her eyes that tell of
mental exhaustion and a certain pallor
that betokens luck of strength, but her
cheerful demeanor does not give one tne
impression of an invalid and her cheerful
surroundings do not suggest the sick
ioom. She wears a soft silk dressing
jacket of some becoming color trimmed
with knots of ribbon here and there and
filmy lace at the neck and ialling over the
hands. Her hair is arranged in a loose
knot on the top of her head and confined
with a ribbon corresponding in hue with
that in her jacket. A few flowers are
pinned upon her breast. The appur
tenances of the bed and the room are of
the daintiest. Flowers sent by loving
friends are upon a table near her and also
her favorite books. There is no formida
ble array of medicine bottles upon the
- drcs-er — only one containing a pleasant
tonic.
She eats nothing she does not like, nor
is a handsome bird, but is no less a fellow
than the high-hole, the yellow woodpecker
; of the Eastern States, grown more vivid
in coloring under our favoring Californian
I sides. 1 came upon cna by the roadside
i the other day, lying with outstretched
wings, apparently helpless, on the bank.
I approached quite closely before he
I moved. He flew then witb no especial
effort, but only a short distance, with both
legs banging limply, as if broken. Thir.k
--; ing to catch him I went in pursuit, but he
flew off again and a*ain, each time giving
, a low, troubled cry. In a minute or two
he was answered, and a ddzen or more of
his fellows appeared upon the ncene. Ido
not think I ever before saw so many wo od
peckers together. Round and round their
; wounded companion the 7 flew, calling
'. softly and evidently directing their move
ments with evident reference to me. I
I approached again, and this time the disa
bled flicker let me come quite near, cer
tainly within a couple of yards, before he
rose, surrounded by his comrades, and flew
■ forward. They alighted with him some
! distance away, and as soon as I moved all
flew on again and I lost sight of him
I among the Hock. The performance had
every appearance of aesign, and I have no
doubt, was intended to accomplish just the
result that I have recorded.
The delicious spring days of the past
week have brought the small birds out in
great numbers. A flock of greenlets took
; possession of the willows a day or two ago
and have kept the thicket alive with mel
ody ever since their arrival. Indeed, 1
heard them long before I could detect
' their tiny shapes among the young foli
i iage. These are still the days of little
; things, and only the birds that love the
; low, thick-growing trees and bushes have
, as yet come to us. There wili still be days
j when it will be necessary to hug covert
| from dnvin:* rain and searching wind,
and so the lovers of tall treetops and high
i places are lingering in the southland,
< waiting for more settled weather.
' Titmice and vireos, wrens, goldfinches,
j flycatchers, juncoi and such small deer
I abound, and there are a number of spar
rows — dear, small, lovable birds with
sober coats and winning ways. For some
more than she can enjoy. How does she
pass her time? Sho is permitted
to occupy her mind with what pleases and
TrBFBEKTIN : Mt:MIDI)Lt l I&BIMLJ2DHaOS r .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
reason the English SDarrow, the one rowdy
of the tribs, is not very numerous Here
abouts this spring, though one or two pairs
have already begun building. We can
spare them, However, but not for a good
deal would I consent to apare the aristo
crat of the whole family, the white
crowned sparrow.
I saw the lirst one of the season yester
day, as I lay in the grass looking up to
where massed white clouds drifted, now
and again, across the blue roof which
seemed to bend down to meet the* green
walls that inclosed me. It was like being I
alone in a small world of my own, ''blue
sky overhead, green sky breaking under,"
and into the midst of it all the white
crowned sparrow flew, perched upon a
low branch just above me and survey ed
Ime \vi:h calm, serene interest. My heart
j gave a leap of welcome. The plain slate-
I colored bird, with his royal little nead, is a
favorite 01 mine. There is a severe ele
gance in the sober earb, a penile, assured
refinement of manner and expressionthat
establish the bird's position at once. He
needs no credentials. You trust him in
stinctively, but when he begins to sing
you at once welcome him in your affection.
One never grows very intimate with the
white-crowned sparrow. He hovers about
and above you, and you may delight in
I I his grace and the beauty of his black-and
i white head, but he is off if you approach
! too near, though not, I am sure, because
i]he is afraid of you. He does not fly away;
. j that phrase is much too abrupt to charac
i | terize the gentle dignity with which he
. ! withdraws from your too near approach.
I 1 If you remain quiet he will presently re
' turn to bis old position and begin to sing,
i j but if you do not take this hint and main
[ | tain a due reserve toward him, he will go off
i I altogether. It is better to humor him,
• ! for he is a delightful companion, only too
• ] glad to have a listener to his sweet, clear,
j but rather plaintive song.
.'■ When I saw the white crown I knew I
I might look for his constant companion,
. i the white-throated sparrow, for these birds
- j are almost always together. I was not
; ; disappointed, for during the afternoon I
r ■ encountered quite a flock of the white
• throats among the cypress trees. This
I little bird is not so handsome as its royal
i • friend. It has a tiny white streak along
I j the top 01 its head, and a yellow
) I line before the eye. There is also a dash
s j of yellow in the wings and the throat is
1 marked with a broad white patch. I also
t ' noticed t tie skylark sparrow that same
i j day, and got one or two fleeting glimpses
: j of a plain little bird that 1 took to be a
j Le (Jonte's sparrow, but I could not get
near enough to determine his identity.
As I lay watching the white-crowned
I sparrow my attention was attracted by a
• small object stirring among the thick
i tangle of myrtle that clothes the banks of
i the stream running among the willows
I far below. The distance was too great to
; permit making the obj?ct out, even with
: the aid of a field-glass; so, creeping cau
i tiously down, I crawled in among the
i j myrtle that, unmolested for years, had
, | piled up upon Use!! in rant luxur.ous
. ; ness, so that one could lie among it and
,i be almost hidden. The object of my
: search disappeared a3 I drenv near, but,
• keeping the spot in view, I crept on until
i at last, thrusting an investigating hand
; among the tangled vine?, 1 routed out
entertains— nothing that fadgues. Sho
takes her French "or German lesson as
usual, Madame, her teacher, requiring Oj
to our mutual discomfiture, a va:ab>nd
hen who, obeying a wild impulse of almost
lost heredity, bad escaped from some
c'n'cken-yard below and stolen a nest in
this wooded tangle.
There i« not much romance about a
h^i's nest. We destroyed that long aeo,
when we took to raising cnickens that we
might eat them; but there is, after all,
something appealing in the thought of
this clam ay, urotesque, often-thwarted
creature, following the deepest instinct of
nature, stealing away to this secluded
spot in the vain hope of eluding her com
mercial destiny. Who can say that that
lowly nest among the myrtle represented
less brooding mother-love, less tender,
anxious, patient yearnin?, les3 fon 1 hoi c
for the future than centered about the
tiny home of the pair of ruby-throated
humming-birds that nested yonder in the
sw etbrier last summer?
Should we despise the white-crowned
sparrow. I wonder, if we could bring it
tamely about our dooryard to look to us
for food and shelter and become spirit
lessly subservient to our ends? Ah, that
little "if" bides the very pith and point of
the matter. The gentle little songster
will not be tamed, even for the seeds and
crumbs. His is a nobler spirit, c, diviner
spark. A lifetime of the cage and the
seedcup would not reconcile him to the
loss of freedom, and this is a large part of
what makes him so dear to us. We love
best, after all, that which we do not con
trol. The physical difference between
the ben and the songbird is by no means
so great or so far-reaching in its effect
upon us as the moral differpnee that sep-
I arates the two. Adeline Kxapp.
THE MIGHTY MAN OF THE ORPHEUM.
I her very little mental exertion. She
reads — nothing that calls for much
thought, but something light and pleas
ant. Occasionally she takes up some
i fancy work that lies by her. At the first
' indication of fatigue the maid draws the
curtains, shutting out the sunshine which
has been allowed to stream into the room,
I and the patient takes a nap. Her inti
-1 mate friends are not excluded. They drop
' in and chat with her awhile, keeping her
j pleasantly informed of what is passing in
i her circle during her throe days' seclusion.
This one day is an example of theotliers
passed in bed. On the fourth day the lady
rises as usual and attends to the multifari
ous duties that await her. The next week
she takes the three days' rest again, and
I continues it each week during the period
prescribed by her physician.
Of course this luxurious mode of recuper
ating requires more or less constant
attendance. Unless one has a special
maid it incurs a severe tax upon the sec
ond girl, who can scarcely be expected to
attend to her usual duties as well as
assume those of a nurse. To hire an
attendant in a cas- requiring no serious
care seems an unnecessary expense. A
lady in this city who occasionally takes
this partial rest for the restoration
of her nerves has met the emergency in j
a most ingenious way. Her little girl of I
6 years (who is taught at home) is pressed
into service, but in such a manner that it
becomes a pleasure not a hardship to the j
child. It is in fact made a kind of play.
Instead of pretending to be a baby in
mamma's attire and assuming the airs
and conversation of one she plays nurse.
In order to make the child enter the more
earnestly into the "new game" the mother
has made a nurse's costume. A black
alpaca apron is worn over the blue or pink
gingham dress; a tiny white shirt front
covers the waist, with black tie at the
neck, and on the head is piaced a jaunty
mull cap. Nurse Faithful, ?.s the little
one is dubbed, is a quaint figure as she
moves softly about with a dignity and
earnestness suitable to her calling. No
nurse ever felt more fully the responsibil
ity of ncr calling. Sue has entire charge
of mamma, whom she addresses as Mrs.
B. She receives the flowers and ar
ranges them tastefully in glasses or
vases; gives the time; assists in
serving her patient at meals, and
sbakes the pillows as deftly as an older
nurse. She also reads to her invalid,
though ler choice of books 13 limited to
those containing words of one syllable.
Mamma is not the little nurse's only
patient. With swift foresignt she has
brought in her doll's bed and placed it
beside the larger one. Isabella, who has
lost an eye, and Elsie, whose arm is
broken, are placed therein and their
imaginary wants attended to as carefully
as the real ones of her patient. Through
out all she enjoys the play and gives the
patient just the diversion her tired brain
requires. ,
The Bouncer, a Top-Loft
Actor of Heavy Leads
FfT^AYlow! Here comes de bouncer!' 1
i£*- At the words four grimy little
mmJ? hamls shot out simultaneously as if
io recover two dice which lay upon the
floor of a nook in one of the recesses in
the gallery of one of San Francisco's
ponular- priced theaters.
A little crap game between four gamins
of the street had been in progress there,
an. l the warning to "Lay low!" was none
too soon, for the special officer of the
hou-e immediately descendei upon the
crap-shoo'.er-i.
"What are you doing here ? ' demanded
this factotum of the theater.
"Nawthin 1 " piped four snrill voices in
wonderful unison, while four little dirt
begrimed faces, that had been flushed and
excited a few moments before by the
passion of play, were now upturned to
meet the lowering gaze of the bouncer
with an air of injured innocence stamped
upon them.
The quartet was dispersed and the offi
cer sought new fields to conquer.
While the bouncer of such theaters as
Morosco's Grand Opera-hov e and the
Orpheuni are almost, unknown to those
who occupy places in the lower house, he
is really an important functionary in
these places. IVhile he is a man of few
. inches to the people who fill high-priced
] seats, he is a giant, seventeen feet high,
j to the gallery t?ods and is feared and
hated by them accordingly.
The bouncer grows in importance step
by step as he mounts the stairway lead
ing from the parquet of one of these thea
ters to the galleries. There he is Czar.
"Wot de cop says goes!" said a gamin
of the theater-loit to me, and from the
gallery point of view he told his whole
conception of the special officer in a nut
shell.
The bonncer is also an important per
son in his own mind. If he were. not his
tasks would be more difficult, for it takes
a whole lot of self-confidence to be a suc
cessful bouncer. The man's troubles be
gin with the first rush made by an eager
crowd when the gallery doors of one of
these theaters are thrown open, and they
continue until those same doors are closed
upon the back of the last departing *'god"
after the play is over.
When the rusn for the galleries begins
the bouncer's discriminating eye must
separate the lambs from the goats; for
there is such a thing as caste even in the
top lofts of a popular priced theater.
However a eood patron of the bous?
Chimrnie de Tough may be, he cannot
i enter the sacred precincts of the galleries
of such places as are dignified by the
name of "the family circle." "Chimmie"
may put on his best clothes and eat a
whole package of Sen Sen drops in order
to hide the lurking odor of gallons of
bad whisky which he has consumed, and
may tuck his best girl under his arm and
put up a bold "front" to the bouncer, and
vet not be able to enter the Mecca of his
ambition — "de family circle."
For the bouncer is inexorable. He keeps
a little list of those patrons of his theater
calleries who are prone to misbehave
themselves during a performance, and he
trpats them accordingly. The well-regu
lated "ten-center," who is content to sit
still in his seat and express his approval
or disapprobation of a play in "ohs!" and
"ahs! " is allowed to enter "the family
circle." He who is ordinarily inclined to
roughness, but who can be recalled to or
der by a tap or two of the bouncer's stick,
is sent to the "nigger heaven," while there
are others who are not permitted to enter
the theater at all.
Last Sunday night an urchin with great
blue eyes and a face that Despoke ignor
ance of all things bad, save dirt, accosted
Aaron Powers, press agent of Morosco's.
"Say, mister," he said pleadingly, as he
tugged at Powers' coat, "I'm on de dead
square, I am; but de cop has trun me
down an' won't let me go into d' show. I
never did nawthin'. Youse knows I'm
strate, 'cause l'se sold yer papers. It was
anoder kid dat trun de spitball at de bald
head, but de cop tot it was me r.nd tole
de man in de box office to give me de mar
ble heart, an' bo I can't go into d' show.
S'e? I wants youse to square me."
Touched by the appeal, Powers got the
gamin with the pathetic bine eyes past the
, box office, and the urchin was happy on
his way to his heaven in the theater loft,
when the chief bouncer pounced upon
him.
"What are you doing here?" the officer
demanded of the youngster, as he grabbed
him by the collar.
"Please mister, I'm squared?' the
urchin gasped.
"Squared nothing! Come along to the
box office and net your money back !" and,
impelled by the strong arm of the bouncer,
the gamin proceeded to the ticket seller's
window, where the 10 cents he had paid
for admission wai returned to him.
"Sorry, Mr. Powers." the bouncer said
to the press agent, as the latter began to
tell of the cherub's plea, "bat this is about
the toughest kid we ever had in the gal
lery." And "Innocent Biue Eyes" was
ignominiously shovad into tde street.
The bouncer earns his salary. From
the beginning to the end of a performance
he is about the busiest man in the house.
I was talking to Jack^Tillman, the burly
special officer of the Orpheum. the other
night, when he suddenly, with a hurried
"S'cuse me," darted away and made a
dash lor the gallery. He returned in a
few minutes a little breathless, but other
wise unperturbed.
"Whut was the matter?" I asked.
"Oh, I had to throw out a couple of sail
ors who got gay," he said indifferently.
The gallery has a keen apt>reciation of
the ridiculous, and once its risibilities are
aroused even the bouncer finds it difficult
to control it. At times it is like the woman
who had an overweening desire to taugh
at a funeral.
The other night while a most pathetic
scene was being enacted upon the stage of
one of the local theaters, the eallery broke
out suddenly in one loud guffaw. The
bouncer rushed to quell the disturbance.
He found the cnu-e of the undue merri
ment in a quiet man who sat munching
candy in the front row.
The man had been sitting quietly on one
of the rear sea*s, with his hat on, when he
saw a gcd who had been occupying one of
the reserved seats in the front row leave
the house with the air of one who was
leaving it for the night . This man made
a slide for the place and secured it. Hav
ing taken hia seat he removed his hat, in
accordance with the rules of the house
governing those who occupy such exalted
positions. Then the disturbance in the
tallery began. The man's head was ns
bald as a billiard ball, save for a little
fringe of hair that skirted his collar.
A gamin directed the attention of the
gallery to the shining mark, and immedi
ately the gods broke into a wild storm of
laughter and showered innumerable spit
balls at the luckless baid head. Before he
could restore the gallery to order the
bouncer had to induce the man to seek a
less conspicuous place and to resume his
hat.
The gallery god is a stickler for his
"rights." He goes on the hypothesis that I
he "has paid to see the show and he is j
going to see it." He is no respecter of
persons. A woman with a big hat in iront
of him is a black beast to the god, and no
regard for sex impels him to keep his dis
regard for all such to himself. Bouncer
Tillman had to arrest a man the other
night for insisting on the removal of a
woman's hat that offended him.
■'Now, look a-here," the gallery god said,
as Tillman escorted him down the stairs,
ain't right — see? I asks de loidy
tree timf*^ perlite to take off her tile, an'
pc wuuri't do it — see? An' who tell
wudn't get mad?"
Hugging one's best girl in the gallery is
not considerod good form by the
bouncers. It's a pose that doesn't go.
The other night a young Barbary
Coaster, aressed up "to kill," with nis
THE BOUNCER AT THE GRAND.
"steddy" swinging to his arm, accosted
George Delmas, the head bouncer at
Morosco's. He was one of those wh.o
had been nut on the tabooed list of the
special officer.
"Now, look-a-here, Del," he said, "my
guurl is here wid me, an' I want to go into
de fam'ly circle, see! If you'll let me go
in I'll be on de dead fquare."
Delmas allowed the twain to take seats
in "the family circle," but he had to pull
Ihem from their places during the second
act. They had gone to sleep in each
other's arms and were snoring away to
gether as if to beat the orchestra playing
down below.
But it ia Dot always with such easy
going people that the bouncer has to de a
While there are times when he must be a
diplomat, there are others when he must
be a bruiser, *and thera has been many a
lively go between "d*> cops" of San Fran
cisco theater lofts and obstreperous
patrons of the houses that have
never been recordpd among notable
fistic encounters. For your truc-biuo
bouncer has the "scrapping blood" royal
in his veins, and when things aru rveu
had rather use his tisi'3 tiian bis club.
But the bouncer has his club with lum all
the time, and the gallery gods know it,
and they respsct the club, if not the man.
They know the officer has the law and the
numbers on his side, and it is only when
they get drunK that the top-lofters ques
tion the authority of this monarch of the
theater galleries, and when they do this
they invariably land in the City Prison.
For "de bouncer rules de roost 1"
y\r\ Elk park.
"I own an elk farm. As far as I know
there is not another such farm in the
world,' 1 says a writer In Topeka Capital.
"There may possibly men wbo hold elk in
captivity and who keep them for breeding
purposes to a certain extent; but to have
a regular farm, where there is nothing but
elk, where they are looked after, kept in
condition and treated just the same as any
cattle — that is a thing which I do not be
lieve any one has done before me.
"My farm is one of the most picturesque
parts of Colorado, in a valley sixteen
miles east of MeeKer. It is 1(33 acres in
extent, and through the length of it runs
a splendid trout stream, well known
throughout the surrounding States under
the name of the Big Beaver. My farm ia
in the very heart of the White River coun
try, a tract which i 3 not excelled in the
United States for the variety of its big
game. Indeed, it is often called the Para
dise of the Sportsman.
"Some idea oi the extent to which I work
my farm may be gained from the 'act that
each year 1 raise from my elk alone
enough bay to bale up LOG tons, and
garner from 300 to 500 bushels of grain.
On this farm, which ia HoOO feet above the
level of the sea, the elk roam through the
timber land and across the roliing mead
ows just as though they were not capiive.
But they are safe enough, nevertheless,
for I have them fenced in with a live
strand barb-wire fence.
"In my time I have lollowed many lines
of work and farmed in different part 3of
the country, but I have never found any
such experience as I am now passing
through. The elk is such a strange ani
mal; but in time they get to be just as
gentle as milch cows.
"It has been four years since I first took
the notion ot taming the elk and rasing
them, just as other people raise cattle. It.
took me a year to get me farm in order,
to capture the six animals with which I
started and to place them in the inclined
ranch. Up to that time I did not know
whether th« idea was feasible; I was airaid
that I should have a great deal of trouble
in domesticating them.
"In their native tracts the elk of all s zes
ann apes seem to be perfectly able to take
card of themselves and their horns.
But when once they get on a faim
they seem to forget all this. The
young steer?, especially, get into no
end of trouble and break their horns
in the most distressine manner. As
these broken horns and badly spreading
prongs injure the general appearance of
the herd, I have contrived a means of reg
uiating and controlling the horn's growth.
This is done by means of a box-like
wooden frame, light and easily carried by
the elk. The horns are guided in their
growth by this frame, and it also keeps
the animal from getting into bad places in
the timber belt. Then, too, when tho
horns »re still in the miik they are very
soft and easily damaged. They have t">
be watched with the greatest caution, and
iron rust must l>e mixed with their food,
as it has a strengthening quality."
The most valuable fur is that of the sea
otter. One thousand dollars has been
paid for a single skin of this animal not
more than two yards long by three-quar
ters of a yard wide.
The most unhealthy city in Europe is
Barcelona, Spain. The number of deaths
there at present exceeds the cumber of
births.
1920
EVENTS OF THE WEEK SOCIETY
Pf^HE advent of the Lenten season means I
tj3o rest and quiet in social circles. Until
o'iV* the penitential season is past, there
will be no big entertainments.
Little luncheons, informal dinners, card par
ties and small teas always flourish during
Lent, and at mi-careme there is sure to be one
or more elaborate social functions. Prepara
tions for Easter will take up much of the lei
sure of the smart set, and it is expected that
. beveral of the generous hostesses who have
■ cot entertained during the winter will redeem
themselves by brilliant Easter entertain
merits.
• Naturally all the entertainments of the past
week were insignificant and puny compared
With the magnificence of the Mardi Gras Dall. i
Contrary to custom, entertainment of the
Art Institute more than realized the expecta
tions of those fortunate enough to attend.
On Monday afternoon ihe Misses Sidney
Smith entertained a few young girls at an in
lormal tea at tneir home on Broadway.
On Monday evening Mr. and Mrs. Schwerin
gave an elaborate dinner party at which
covers were laid for fourteen.
Another dinner party of the week was the
one given by airs. Louis Parrott on Tuesday
evening. Covers were laid for twelve.
. Mrs. John \V. Van Bergen gave a charming
daffodil and violet luncheon at her home, on
Broaaway, on Monday last. Those invited
, were : Mrs. J. W. Van Bergen, Mrs. G. Bliss,
Mrs. Charles Foster, Mrs. F. Habenicht, Mrs. ,
H. Havens, Mrs. W. Allender, Mrs. Herrman,
Mrs. K. Van Bergen, Miss E. Moore, Miss Fan
liie Danforth.
The leading social function of the season in
Sacramento took place at the parlors of the
Golden Eagle Hotel, Friday evening, February
'_'i>. The occasion was an "at home" reception
given by Mrs. E. C. Voorheis, Mrs. A. W. Bar
rett, Mrs. 'William Beckman, Mrs. F. S. Strat
ton and Mrs. Thomas Flint.
A large throng of the best-known society
peoDle residing in the Capital City attended,
together with many prominent representatives
Irom other cities of the Slate.
A feature of the reception that attracted
m cciai attention was the superb decoration of
the parlors. Delightful music was discoursed
throughout the evening and refreshments
were served.
The assembly and german of the Entre Nous
Cotillon Club held on Thursday evening in
the Maple Hall of the Palace Hotel was the
last meeting this popular club will hold until
alter the leu ten season.
Like the previous meetings of the Entre
Nous the affair on Tuesday evening was an un
qualified success.
Several new and pretty figures were danced.
Eanford G. Lewald led alone. In the first set
were:
Mr. and Mrs. Louis W. Lovey, William West
.erfeld and Miss Marie Babin, Heury de la
Vega and Miss Mi/pah Friederieh, Clare ice E.
Musto anil Miss Lita "ood worth. Arthur H.
Meussdorfter and Miss Leah S. Young, W. G.
tiaTT and Miss Marcelle Green, Merritt I).
Robinson and Miss Emma Prosek, Fred G.
Gantner and Miss Nelye Giusti, Herman H.
llerzer ana Miss Frances Burton, Chester A.
Judah and Miss Mne Folsom, Lewis F.
Byington and Miss Rose Sweeney, Robert
F. Haight and Miss Felice King'sford. W.
W. Funge Jr. and Miss Louise Heppner,
John J. Van Nostrand and Miss Clara Bying
t"n, Henry E. Carter and Miss Eiisia Crou
dace, Victor F. Hoelscner and Miss Sadie Gard
ner, J. A. Klein and Miss Carrie Strehl, J. J.
De Haven and Miss M. T. Alexander, Gaston
Rouasy and Miss >*etta Creighton, Jesse
Whited and Miss Emma Redmond, J. M. Sala
zar and Miss Maud Folsom, J. Oscar Gantner
f.nd Miss Mnruin Korbel,.H. C. Warwick and
Miss Lottie Musto, George W. Craig and Miss
Kate Byington.
Mrs. Alexander Warner and her sister, Mrs
Frank Fielding Moulton, guve a matinee tea
Friday last at the home 01 the former, 2323
Franklin street, and hospitaDly entertained
many of their friends. They were assisted in
receivinc by Mrs. A. W. Moulton, Mrs. Henry
L. Van Wyck, Mrs. Charles H. Abbott, Mrs.
A. A. Martin, Mrs. Frank Bates, and Miss
Buckingham.
Mrs. David Bixler gave a dinner party at her
residence o:i Union street last Monday even
ing and entertained Mr. and Mrs. Watson, Mrs.
Josephine de Greayer. Mrs. Moore, Miss Ferris,
Miss H. Ferris. Miss Helen Hyde, Miss M.
Hyde, Colonel Young. Dr. Martin, Mr. Fahne
stock, Mr. Lane, Morton Lorini and Mr. Ferris.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Preparations for Several Fashion
able Spring Weddings.
The engagement is announced of Miss Aimee
Cellarms, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Celiarius of 2031 Vallejo street, and Dr. Ernest
Barry, resident surgeon of California Woman's
Hospital, late of St. George's Hospital, Lou
don, England. The young lady is well known
The JVlidWinter Whist JVleet of the |
J\. W. L
Washington's birthday was celebrated In
Nnshville, Term.. by tLe opening of the mid
•wi liter meetings of the American Whist
Lengile.
The Nashville American of February 23
Buys: Tne members of the Nashville whist
clubs are having a real good time just now.
Nothing so delights the heart of the genuine
whist er.thusia.-.t as to be able to interchange
vkwsofthe great game of science with and ]
play it with those who have become cele
brated as exponents of the game. This oppor
tunity is now afforded the members of the
local clubs to a rare degree, for they have as
their honored guests the executive committee
of the American Whist League.
The business meeting of the committee was
opened at the Duncan Hotel at 10 o'clock, j
Vice-President H. A. Mandellof Detroit presid
ing. On account cf sickness in the president's j
luinily he was unable to attend.
The session was occupied in discussing and
formulating plans for the next congress, which
meets on July 6 at Put-in Bay, on Lake Erie.
The report ot the tournament committee on
t!;e schedule of games for the congress was re
ceived and adopted.
The two principal contests that will take
place at this meeting will be that for the Ham
ilton Club trophy, for ternus of four, and the
one for the American Whist League trophy,
ulso for teams of four. There will also be a
contest for pairs, playing for the Minneapolis
trophy.
' Heretofore the American Whist League
trophy contests commenced the middle of the
week. It will now commence the same time
as the Hamilton trophy. The preliminary
games will take place each evening instead of
afternoon and evening, so that clubs can enter
and day in other matches that will take place
every afiernoon^-commenced and finished in
the afternoon— lnstead of commencing in the
afternoon ana finishing in the evening. The
schedule of ell the contests that will take
place will soon be pub.ishiM in pamphlet form
and will be sent to all of the whist cluos on
the coast that are memDers of the American
Whist League. The Nashville American also
pays a high compliment to the director of the
league from San Francisco. It says:
"One of the most prominent and popuiar
members of tne committee is P. J. Tormuy of
Sau Francisco. Mr. Tonne? traveled all the
vav from the Golden Gate across the arid
desert;, rolling prairies and over the Rockies
to be present at this meeting. He is a rai;k
whist entUusiasr, and members who have
been associated with him closely aver that he
has often been known to forget his meals
when in a game. Mr. Tormev is president of
the Pacific Const Whist Association, is presi
dent of the Trist Duplicate Whist Club of San
Francisco and is oue of the most Influential
directors of the American Whist Lengue."
Demoralized Brooklyn.
Never in our twenty years' whist experience
hnve we seen the gume in snch a chaotic state
as it is in the Brooklyn Whist Club, with its
in musical circles and a prominent member of
the German Society.
The engagement is announced of Miss Dora
Henrcben to Charles H. Uoecker.
The engagement is announced of Miss Jessie
McClain to Stanley E. Sherwood of Hull, Engr
land.
H. J. Lyons and Miss Harriet Oppenheimer,
whose engagement has been announced, will
receive their friends at 1021 Buchanan street
on Sunday, March 7, from 2 to 5 p. m.
WEDDING BELLS.
Church and Home Ceremonies of
the Past Week.
Miss Julia A. Ricke and George F. Sand were
I married Wednesday Evening last at 9:30
at the home of the bride's parents, 121 Fell
street. Rev. J. JM. Beuhlor officiated. A beau
tiful bell of orange blossoms and smilax was
suspended from the bow-window, under which
the young couple were joined in wedlock.
Miss A. Jtiurkhardt officiated as bridesmaid,
| and Miss L. Wolte as maid of honor. F. Kuch
j was best man and T. O'Brien groomsman.
Miss Clara Louise Joraan and Henry F. Gor
■ hum were married, Monday the 24th, by Rev.
j Father Cullen, at the home of the bride, 409 j
j Oa« street. Among those present were: Mr. i
j and Mrs. T. Clotworthy, J. J. Jordan, Mr. and
Mrs. 11. J. Lyou. Charles Daley, Mrs. C.
Jacobsen, Miss Sadie Gorham, J. 11. Jordan,
\V. Daley, S. Hems, Miss Josie Hartshorn, Miss
Josie McCarthy, J. A. Hefirearty, Mrs. R. Rodg
ers, Miss Susie Mcßrearty, Miss Kitty >lc-
Brearty, Miss Lottie Gorham, Miss Belle Gor
ham, Carl Gearien, Arthur Jones, D. Sheerin
j Jr., C. Peterson, Mrs. Captain Cleary, W. Gor
| ham. G. W. Jordan, J. Semeria, Miss Emily W.
j Jordan, J. Hems.
Miss Sadie Mulvaney and Richard B. McKee
j were married at Mission Dolores Churcn Sun
day evening, February 28. The groom was
accompanied by Arthur \\. Jones, who acted
as best man. Supper and a dance followed at
the residence of the bride's parents on Nine
i teenth and Diamond streets. The young
i couple will reside at 231 I .' Ninth street after '
j they return from their honeymoon trip.
The wedding of Thomas Hicks and Miss i
j F.thel M. Forrest, youngest daughter of Mr. '
and Mrs. James Forrest, took place Wednesday ]
! evening, February 24, at the home of the
I bride, corner of Fell and Laguna streets, the '
Rev. J. Flood officiating. Miss Lenore Kelly
I whs maid of honor and Will Lsib best man.
i Miss Mabelle MeDermott, the little niece of
the bride, was flower-girl To the sweet strains
of the ''Lohengriu" wedding march the bridal
party started down the beautifully decoruted
hall, with the little flower-girl strewing their
path with roses. Following them came tlie
| maid of honor, and lastly the bride on the I
1 arm of her father, who gave her into the keep- !
i ing of her future husband, who with his best !
j man awaited her coining m the parlor under j
j a beautiful canopy oi sinilax and La France |
roses.
After the ceremony congratulations were I
showered upon the happy couple.
The bride, a beautiiu! demi-blonde, wore a
! cream satin«gown covered with organdie and
j elaborately trimmed witn Valenciennes lace.
I Her corsage bouquet was orange blossoms.
J She carried a bouquet of lilies of the valley.
• The maid of Honor was attired in Nile green
| silk covered with organaie trimmed in lace.
; Her bouquet was composed ot pink rosebuds.
i The little flower-girl wore a pink silk gown
; trimmed in luce.
The young couple received many costly and
j beautiful presents. The groom's present to
the bride was a beautiful set of diamonds.
Last Tuesday morning, at the Catholic '
: church In Madrone, Patrick H. Kirby was
united in marriage to Miss Augustine L.
Pinard, Rev. Father Lane of Han Jose ofli- |
fluting. The church was beautifully and i
: tastefully decorated, the bride and groom
standing" under the fragrant boughs of the i
' orauge tree instead of tlie accustomed wed
ding bells. Fred Boohaska nnd his sfster of '
San Jose played the weddng march, which I
was led by Miss Magsrio Kirby, sister of the
: groom, who officiated as maid of honor. The j
charming bride was dressed in white crgnndie, '
over white silk, wearing orange blossoms, and '•
carrying a hyacinthe bouquet. Miss Emelia !
Lavigne of ban Francisco and Miss Alice i
' Marchebout acied as bridesma'ds. They were
dressed alike in dninty white Swiss, over white
, silk, and carried bouquets of pink carnations.
• T. J. Kirby, A. J. Piuard and C. B. Beaulleu j
i officiated as ushers. After the ceremony a '
' dinner was served at the Madroue Hotel. Mr. i
nnd Mrs. Kirby will spend the honeymoon at
; Del Monte.
Miss Grace Watt Kerr and Charlo Allan
. Hulme were married on the evening of
February 24 at the residence of ihe bride's
1 parents, Mr. and Mrs. James W. Kerr, 1738 I
Golden Gate avenue. The bride was attended i
dv Miss Anna Hulme. wno officiated as maid '
of honor, and Miss Sadie Coier was brides-!
j maid.
Walter Scott was best man and George R. i
j Taylor groomsman. Lansinsr B. Kerr "end j
I Stella Price were the ribbon-beurers, and led |
'. the bridal procession.
President Kellogg of the State University, ;
wo hundred and more members, nearly every ,
one of whom has a system of play of his own. ;
o wonder President Weems took a trip into !
the wild rind woolly West to get away fiom
making explanation* of why such a sad state
of affairs exists. The only way we can account
for it is, one of the members of this club is one |
of the committee of experts appointed by the
president of the American Whist League to re
port at the next congress, to be held at Put- j
in-Bay in July next, a system of play which in I
their judgment is the best. This gentleman
is undoubtedly having the entire membership
of the club try all known and unknown sys- I
terns to aid him if possible in making a thor
ough report. We have olten thought it strange
that a club containing so many individual ex
pert players made such a Door showing when
they come to play match games. But the de- |
moralized condition ol whist in the club is the j
probable explanation.
Whist Pla M by W. H. Whitfeld
From the Field or London.
•-Q..7.8, 7, 3
O— lo, 4
O-K, Q. 10, 4, 2
~S
<H-K. 6, 5 6-9, 4. 3
C?— 7, 6,5,3 w ■ J O— A, 8
*— A, 8 v • * +— Q, .T, 10, 6, 4
O— A, J, 9, 7 I ' o—o, 5, 3
j 6 |
A-A, 10
O—K. Q, J, 9. 2
*— X, », 7, 5, 2
0-8
] Queen of hearts trump*. West to lead. '
The winning card is underscored.
.
1 j
2..
3
4 ;
5..... 1 ..:
0.....
.7..............
8... .........1;
9.:.;....
10..............
11....:.........
1H.;...:.......
13:...'....:.;...
TRICKS.
, SOUTH, j WEST. NORTH.
... 80 ! 70 QO
■■! A» : 5* : /♦ i
... ovy ; 30 ! 40 !
■ '-;. 2* 8* 3+
... 5* ; a* mo J
... io« k» j*
• • 2O I ao j 20
/.I mo. ! 50 j 40
... kg I 69 100
... JO. TO I 3*
• • 7+ | 6# ! 8«
• 9+ , ' 90 Q» I
... K+ ■; JO ' KQ |
1 EAST.
30
2*
AC?
44
50
80
60
4+
in*
9«
64.
North and South 9, Enst and Wesi 4.
NOTES OF THE PLAY. ,
Trick I— North probably has the king: of
diamonds. He must at least hold either ace
or king.
Trick 3— The trump lead is clearly justifi
able. ■
Trick s— The rest of the clubs not la South'!
[ hand are in East's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
r an old-time friend of the bride's family, pro-
I nounced the solemn words that united the
nappy young people.
'Micro was a quiet and pleasant marriage
ceremony on Wednesday evening. March 3, at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. D. J. Keser,
when their daughter, sfttt Grace A. Keser, was
united to Clarence A. Snyaer. Rev. Mr. Bueh-
THE FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLAR DRESS OF MRS. CELIA WALLACE OF CHICAGO.
The principal material is heavy duchess satin, cerulean b'.ue. The point lace used in the creation cost $10,000. The court train, two
and a half yards long, and the full skirt arc lined with heavy satin. The skirt is trimmed at the sides and front with two great shawls of
Brussels point lace, a yard wide and three yards in length. The Itca is caught up and held by diamond sunbursts. The decollete lront of the
bodice is cut square and finished with a mass of festooned lnce. It is adorned with diamond pendants.
ler performed the ceremony, which was at
tended only by tne relativesof the contracting
parties.
CLUB PARTIES.
Fashionable Organizations En
tertain Elaborately.
A very enjoyable party was given by the
Ferndales to George Merrill at his residence,
'2513 Bryarltsireet, on Tuesday evening, March
2. The eveniugjwas spent in games, singing
WHIST
Trick G— North's lead of jick tf spades shows i
that he has queen and two more at least re
maining of ihe suit.
Trick 7— lt is now quite clear that North has
the king of diamonds (see remark at trick 1).
Trick 11— North is marked with the best
diamond and the best spade. If South lea Is
the king of club> and then a small club North
will be put to a card (guessing), and, unless he
has followed the discards very carefully, may
throw the wrong card; and thus East aud
West would save the game. Honors counted
in England.
The y\. W. L Trophy JYlatch.
SHORT SUITS VERSUS LONG SUITS.
Mrr. Margaretta Wetherall Wallfice, whist
editor of the Evening Post of New York, com
ments on the short-suiters as follow*:
"The Eastern series of matches for the chal
lenge troDhy ended last Saturday with an
other defeat for the celebrated short-suit team
of the Wh;st Club of New York, the victory
going to the Albany Whist Club by a final
score of 24—1!). The contestants were: al
bnnv (holders)— E. Le Roy Smith (enptain),
C. F. Snow, 0. Batchelder and D. Muhlielder;
the Whist Club of New York (challengers)—
C. R.Kelley (captain, and couch), C. A. Hen
riques, W. E. Hawkins and E. A. Buflington.
The holders played their usual conserva
tive long-suit game, and the challengers
upon this occasion varied their customary
snort-suit absurdities by playing tne equally
dangerouß nou-informatory guess game that
has recently been advocated by whist writers
who by forge of circumstances have been
obliged to give up exploiting short-suitism.
The changes made in the New York's system
do not appear, however, to have helped the
score, the result of the match being the usunl
Waterloo that overtakes all teams that are
foolhardy enough to play any inventions of
their own against the established system
which is used by all the star tournament teams
of the country. It must not be forgotten that
while New York sont its crack four into the
contest, Albany was deprived of the expert
services of Barrlngtoa Lod?e Jr.. a valuable
veteran in match play whose position on the
team could not be adequately filled.
What Is Jormey's High-LoW piay?
This question we have been asked a number
I of times since the puolicatton of our "Whist
[ Don'ts." The "high-low play" is merely a
! name given to the playing of an unueces-
I sarily high card, afterward a lower one, at any
stage of the game for the purpose of informa
tion. It can b? used in calling for trumps,
echoing or sub-echoing the call, to change the
suit, to reverse the meaning of your discard,
to show strength or command in »uit, or to
show weakness. Some time ago we asked, and
off -.-red a premium, lor a name for this play,
and dancing. At 11 :30 the guests sat down to
a bountiful supper.
Among those present were: Miss Lulu Bur
meist?r, Herman Vmidcwater, Miss Dollie
Walsh, Frank Kerrigan, Miss Marsarct Pride.
Edward Michel, Miss Margaret Michel, Edward
Felvey, Miss Loretta Holland, George Merrill,
Miss May Merrill, Neal Kenetick. Miss Josie
Reordon, Benjamin Crawford, Miss Hattie I
Merrill. James Conwar, Miss Edith Campbe'.l.
Harry Graham, M!sb Fanuy Buh'.man. Frank
Nolan, Miss Pearl Allen, Richard O'Meara. |
Miss Anni 2 Merrill. Thomns Mario W, Miss Susie ■
O'Donnell aud John Fitzpatrick.
Native Sons' Hr 11 was tilled with m»rrv- |
makers on last Tuesday evening, March '2,
who came in response to the invitations for:
the twenty-third party of the Mystic.". About ;
•230 couples followed Kenneth Matheson
and Miss M. Hughes In the grand march.
This is the last party that the club will give
until May 11. owing" to the Lenton season. Tne
floor was under the dirpction of the following:
Floor manager, K. Matheson; assistant, M. L.
and Mrs. L. \V. Sitton, president of the Kate
Wlieelock Clnb of Portland, Oregon, came to
our rescue. We think the term or name high
low is a good on", and when we use it our read
ers will know what it means.
Healdsburg Whist Glub.
The selection of Arthur L. Harris of Santa
Rosa as one of the directors of the Pacific Coast
Whist Association was a good choice. Every
we ( ek we hear something good of him in a
whist way. The boys of Healdsburg no doubt
caught the fever of Him, aud ihe result is the
formation of a now whist club with the follow
ing members: Dr. C. W. Weaver, J. R. Miller,
F. Cunningham, John Meiler, A. W. Garrett, J.
F. Ciiff man and William N. Copeland.
What Is the Jhree-Trump Echo ?
We have of late been asked to explain the
thr.'e-trump echo. E. T. Bikjr, whist editor
of the Brooklyn Engle and one of the whist
experts of the Ciuntry. answers the same
question so wl-II that we quote It:
The three-trnmp echo was introduced about
a year ago and was lit first used only whan a
partner led a high trump, lndiOKiiiig great
strength, such as ace, queen or jack, but not
with king. It consisted then in pi lyi-'S the
second Dest trump, whether holding three or
four, and afterward playing the next lower on
a partner's lead of such high card, on the
theory that if a partner had such a long trump
suit nothing was lost by playing second
best, even if a high trump. It was after ward
changed so that it was used on any high card
led, und more recently on any trump led 1 by a
partner. In this case, however, It was fjund
that loss frequently ensued If the second Best
trump was played, and it turned out
that partner was not leading from trump
strength, so that the device has been still
further modified uutil it is generally used as
iollows:
When you are playing to your partner's
lead of trumps and nro not trying to win the
trick, play the intermediate of exactly threa
trumps; bnt with more or lesi ihnn, three
play your lowest trump. At the first oppor
tunity you should make the echo in a plain
suit to inform your partner that you held
originally more then two trumps; the fail
ure to echo will show that you did not nave
as many as three. Suppose, for example,
that your partner leads jack of trumps. You,
holding ten, seven and four, play tue seven.
On the uext round, or in case you should
ruff, p]ay the four and your partner will un
derstand that you have one higher than the
seven. Suppose a piain suit is led by your
adversaries and you play the three and then
the two of the plain suit. Your partner
will know that you hold more than two
trumps. If you next piay the four of trumps
j he will kuow that it is three exactly, but if
j your next trump, after having echoed, is
Reynolds; reception committee, W ill W. Sale
and 11. G. Muller; auxiliary committee, A.
Frank, A. Nelson. L. Dake and H. Goedje.
The Tuesday Night Whist Club enjoyed a
pleasant evening with "Shore Acres" at the
Baldwin Theater last week, after which the
club adjourned to The residence ol Mrs. Ed
wards, where its banquet was held. Among
those present were Mr. and Mrs. Edwards,
Miss Emily Anderson, M.ssMvste Rowan, Cap
tain Johnsou, Mr. and Mrs. H. Poland, Harry
Beatty, Miss Saul, Miss Collins, Miss Williams,
Mr. Keith, Dr. H. A. Andrews, C. W. Hasel
tine, Miss Mabel Hart and O. Hindes.
Tl;c regulnr fortnisntly meeting of the Fn
dny Nlgnt, Whist Club was held last Friday
fvening nt the residence of Mrs. Witham, 2410
Washington street. Among those prenpnt
were Mrs. Witham, Miss Dai^y Witham, Mr.
and Mrs. William Witham, Walter Witham.
Mr. Engels, Mr. Adams, Mr. and Mrs. Smith,
Miss Sheps ton, Mrs. Main, Mrs. Cornwall, Mrs.
Andrews. Miss Dick, W. Cowie, Vt. H. A An
clrjws. Miss Bruner, Mr. and Mrs Tripp, Mrs.
Green. , ,
M-ss Cnhslin gnve an afternoon musicalo
at the Kind's D«ugiiters' Home recently, on
which occasion the following excellent pro
gramme was presented:
Instrumental duet, Messrs. Fuler and Mor
gan; song, "Irish Jubilee." Mr. Morgan ; reci
i tation, "Kagctedy Man," Miss G. 11. Cahalin;
music, Miss Nolan »nd Miss Gallagher; recita
tion, "Tit for Tat," Miss g. H. CshftMn; song,
Miss Nolan ; song, R. H. Morgan ; recitations,
Miss G. 11. Cahalin; instrumental duet, R. H.
Morgan and Miss Lulu Morgan ; song, Miss R.
Morgan; recitations, "Cousin Jasper" and
"Sale of Old Bachelors. " M iss Cahaiin.
A most enjoyable reception was given by the
Adollo Social Dub Sunday evenin?. February
28, at the residence of Miss J. Citron, 821 Polk
street.
The rooms were brilliantly illuminated and
handsomely decorated with red and gold, the
colors of the club.
Games and dancing were indulged in until
early morn.
At midnight the guests repaired to the din
ing-room, where a sumptuous repast was
served, atwhioh many toasts were offered.
higher than the first one played, your partner
will know you held as many as four. The ad
vantage of this is that if it turn* out that
your partner led the jack or any other trump
from weakness, you have not given away your
holdinc as soon as your, adversaries by hold
ing your lowest trump if you held. four. This
style of echoing in trumps is decidedly the
most satisfactory. and advantageous of any
ever devised, as it gives earlier Information of
your holding to your partner when ho wants
it and enables you to withhold it frequently
when it would be disadvantageous. It is only
used, however, when you are following suit to
your partner's lead in trumps and are not try
ing to win the trick. In all other cases the old
plan of echoes and sub-chocs are still used.
The following scene was witnessed during
the; New Jersey match at one of the tables
where a Brooklyn pair was seated East and
West. South opened with six ot diamonds,
West played knave, North won with the ace
and returned small diamond. East, having
king, queen and another left, won with the
queen, and-his partner played the tray. East
immediately -led trumps up to a five-card
trump suit in North's hand with most disas
trous results, and when the deal was finished
and it was iound that they had lost just four
tricks. East mildly (?) remarked to West:
"Partner, not that I wish to find fault, but
why in thuuder did you call for trumps?"
"I did not call," replied West. "Yes, you
did," said East: "you played the jack and
then the three, and, of course, . I had 10 lead
trumps. " "Oh," said West, "I was only cov
ering second hand, because I held an imper
fect fourchette," .Curtain.
The following very excellent problem is
taken from the Albany Evening Journal, iti
author being W. B. Orr of New York:
'■'.•'.. -'■■':'♦— A. Q. 4.3
lj* — 'A, IV.. /
■ — * — !
+— X, J,6 +—5
0-k, 6 w a o_jo _j 10 9 8
♦-10 *-j
[ 9
O— lo
O-A, Q
♦-9.8.3,2 .
Hearts trumps, North leads. How many
tricks can North and . South take against the
best play of East ana West?
• The Trist Duplicate Whist Club announces
the following programme for March: Regular
duplicate play every Tuesday, Thursday and
Saturday evening ana Wednesday afternoon.
Prizes will be given to the winners on March
2, 13 and 23 Also one prize each to tho lady
and gentleman making the highest number of,
points above • the average for Tuesday and
Saturday evenings' play during the entire
month. A . prize :is also to be given to the
lady making; the highest number of points
above the average for the Wednesday after
noon play the entire month. On Tuesday,
March 30, gentlemen will draw partners by
lot and prizes will be given to the couple
making the highest number '! of points above
the average. All prizes won during the month
will be distributed March 30. . ... - , ■ t .
A grand literary and musical entertainment
was given by the Marigold Club of St. Domi
nic's parish Tuesday evening. The programme
consisted of the following numbers: Piano
solo. Miss Tessie Riordan; vocal solo, C. C. An
derson; recitation, G. G. Fox; vocal duet, Miss
Edna Walsh and Nel.ie Convery; special les,
Mr. Page, accompanied by Miss Tessie Rior
dan; fancy dance, MJss Hattie O'Neill: vocal
solo, Miss Ernestine SchmUt; "Oh, I Don t
Know," by Denis Sneerin; viola 'cello, J. Car
rigau; specialties, Messrs. Quina Brothers;
song, Joseph Dennis; recit-itlon, Tessie Mc-
Dermoit; vocal solo, Mr. Oiilen; wrestling
match, Messrs. Joseph Measles', L. ManlocK,
Professor V. P. Whife and C.Peterson; vocal
duet, Miss Ernestine Schmitt ami H. Page; vo-
Cul solo, James Kehoe. The evening s enter
tainment concluded with a piano sdo by Miss
Grade Riordan.
The regular monthly meeting of the Mas
sasoits Social and Literary Club was he^d last
Thursday evening, February 25, at the home
of Miss Maud Cornish, 810 waller street. All
the mem Deis and a tew invited guests were
present. After the minutes of the list meet
ing, written by Dr. J. A. Kuykendali, were
read, the following programme was rendered:
Piano duet (Fausi), Miss Maud Cornish and
M ;.s- fir.iiv- Marsnui! ; vocal solo, "Love Prov
ing," Miss Nellie Chu^e; es«ay, 'Room in the
Top." Miss B. Dietz; piano soio (selected). Miss
G. Marshall; vocal solo, "Mona," Miss -M.
Cornish. Atter the programme games .were
indulged in, some of them proving highly in
teresting, as this was the first time tlu-y were
played here, having been imported irom Ger
many for the benefit of this club. At a late
hour tne young, folks adjourned to me ban
quet hall, where the following toasts were
given and responded to: "Our Hostess.' Dr.
Dietz, answered by Miss Cornish; "The Men,"
wittily given by Miss Poley and as wittily an
swered in a lengthy discourse on "The
Women" by W. S. Woods. Herbert Baily then
spoke in behalf of the guests. Tue rest of the
evening was spent in dancing, and it was a
late hour before the club disbanded.
One of the most successful dances of the sea
son was given by # 'The German," a leading
cotillon tiub of Oakland, at Masonic Hail on
Monday evening last. The decorations were
beautilul aud artistic. The cotillon was abiy
led by Mr. Fine and Miss Pauia Reed. Among
those present were: The Misses Enid auu
Nettie Vale. Miss Mubel Holmes, Miss Beatrice
Curtis, the Misses Louise and Douglass White
head, Miss Amy White, Miss Buckley, Miss
Underwood, Miss Maud Hines, Miss Mnyse
Otey, Miss Scnwartz. Miss Evans, the Misses
Paula and Lulu Reed, Miss Mamie Wallace,
Miss Morris, Miss Allen, Miss E.sie and the
Misses Stevens, Josepii Dowling, Ralph Emery,
George Jackson, Frea Russ, Mr. Redington,
Max Jones, Frank Rudolph, Robert White,
Eugene Tricou, Dr. Harry Aiderson, Jack
Broder, Milton Bailey, Charles Laurie, Dr.
Edwards, Dr. Dunn, Mr. Hodgson, Mr. Fine, j
Mr. Blandingand Mr. Batehelder.
The Hellenic Mutual Benevolent Society
celebrated its third anniversary by an enter-,
tainment and ball on Saturday evening at ]
Turn Verein Hall.
The children of St. Alban's Snnday-school \
gave on last Friday night in Soc.al Uull, For- |
esters' building, the first of a series of enter- j
tainments which they purpose to give during
the year, with a view to raise a fund in aid of |
the church. The entertainment, which in- j
eluded a musical and literary programme by
members of the school and dancing, was un- ■
der the supervision of the St. Alban drill j
team, of which Leland Raudell is president,
Charles Keuhn is secretary and Harry Homer
treasurer. There was a good attendance of
adults, who greatly enjoyed the juvenile en
tertainment.
On last Friday evening Professor W. J.
O'Brien gave an entertaiumeut and dance to
hispupiis and friends at Scottish Hall, 105
Larkin street. There were over 900 people
present and none regretted coming. The first
feature introduced was the "Sailors' Horn
pipe," by Master Walter Crayton,who went
through the difficult maneuvers admirably, j
The next number was a fun dance by Miss !
Essie Moore, Miss Etta Schiedler and Miss |
Florence Holt. This was followed by the
cachucha by Miss Beatrice Bocarde and Miss
Eana McClure; "Coming Thro' the Rye,"
the Misses Angela and Alvauisa Sartorius;
"Frolic of the Coons," Miss Ethel Sehwa
ner; Highland fling, Miss Bessie Harris;
Roman seari dance, Veya Anderson; tam
bourine, May Horn; Spanish castinet, class oi
sixteen; caprice, Ethel Schwand; Polish dance,
Eihel Clark ; sword dance, Etta Schiedeler and
Essie Mooie; cracovieune, Louie Bocarde;
leonies, L-lia Coggins; song and dance, Edna
McClure; flower ballet, sixteen girls; High
land fling, Theodore Wilder; recitation, May
Horn; caprice, Mattie Luce; Irish jig, Lilian
Rhodes; the seasons, Lola O'Brien; lovers'
request, Virginia Martin and Ethel Schwaner;
tambourine dance, Genevieve Isaacs; craco
vienne, Lottie Hucits; soug, Mattie Luce;
"Darkie King" dance : Lillian Rhodes and Veva
Anderson; serpentine dance, Beth Hamilton;
fishers' hornpipe, Lola O'Brien and Milton
Wilder; pantomime, "Gossip oi Old Women."
After the entertainment the pupils and
friends indulged in dancing.
Before separating for home Miss Lillian
Rhodes was presented wi'.h a handsome gold
I watch and chain by Pro es-or W. J. O'Brien.
The young ladies of Alameda gave a party
Tuesda"y evening, March 2, at Blancling Hall,
Alemeda. Tne ladies on tne committee were:
M;ss Eva Parker, Miss Minnie Rosmarln, Miss
Mamie O'Brien. Miss Mary Sousa. The grand
march was le I by Miss Eva Parker. Betw-jen
I dances there were singing and recitations.
I Those present were: Miss Eva Parker. Miss
I Minnie Rosmarin, Miss Mamie O'Brien, Miss
j Mary Sousa, Miss E'in Probst, Miss M. Cava
i naugh, Miss I. Rosenthal, Mrs. Schoinb rg, Mrs.
S. Bremer, Mrs. Probst, Mrs. Froddea,
Miss Winitred Neal, Miss H. Nellie Fulton,
Miss Marie Kugclberg, the Misses M. and N.
Rose, Miss Hattie Hoelscher, Miss Dora Hits
hens, Miss Dora Janke, Miss Rose Boesch, Miss
Hilda Toaslen, Mirs Mary Sousa, Miss Lv
Rosmariu, Miss Mabel Parser, Mibs Susie
Schomberg, Miss Millie Hollschcr, Miss Ellen
Wood, Miss Julia Hogan, Miss Mac Coughlin,
Miss Anita Parker, Miss Alice Cuvanaugh, Miss
Margaret J. Murphy, Miss Nora Murphy,
Mrs. M. Parker, Miss Katie Cavanaugh,
Miss Rosalie Seaman, Miss D. Frodden, Miss L.
Hlller, Miss A. O'Brien, Mrs. Rosmarin, Mrs.
Bremer, Joshua Bridge, E. Peck, R. Farrar, A.
Haltee, Reuben Bremer, Eduard Kugelberg,
Fred Farrar, Mr. Prestel, L. Sansome, Frank
Ford, Charles Bertram, Will Keliv, M. L. Green
Will Coughill. G. H. Mobie, Allie Bdchmer!
Gus Blank, Ed Adams, Fred Rose, H. Van
Fagen, E. Probst, 11. Sousa, A. G. Lovegrove,
W. M. Boehmer, Henry Schneider, George La
verty, E. Parker.
SURPRISE PARTIES.
Delightful Anniversary Celebra
tions of the Week.
Miss Laura de Guerre was the recipient of a
surprise party given by her friends, at her
residence, 2'2G Colllnjjwood street, on Moiulay
last. Dancing and gnrnes were indulged iii
until an early hour in the morning. C. W. de
Guerre acted as master of ceremonies. The
house was decorated with smilax and violets.
Those present were: Miss Henrietta Jncobsen,
Miss Nellie Kiefe, Miss Lulu Perkins, Miss
Eliz» Ginniver, Miss Alice Andersou, Miss
Annie Gimpel. Miss Lulu I'orleiter, Miss Kitty
McCormlPk, Miss May McCormick, Miss Lizzie
McKillop. Miss May McKillop. Miss Mary
Smith. Miss Annie Smith, Miss Ella Mosher
Miss Evelyn Greenland, Miss Clara Given*
-^ >.^ -i-^^^^ NEW TO-DAY
*W& W& CT €• \ya •&& &S&
j6j|\w-s|jF v *\ to / The second of our series
M-y) \^EW /"?) ror Special Sales takes place this
!« week. Curtains this time. Not
/^^^3^\*' S a special lot bought for the pur-
J'"" ' yjgfbfpj^ S..pose, but our regular time. The
i° a special lot bought for the pur-
vv c po " ce ' but ° Ur regular st°ck. The
/^^^^ W Jo. on| y reason is, we have too
/^^^ W § many;
J A W^ \\ I GENUINE IRISH
A#^ A V I POINT LACE:
V-J^ \ g 100 PAIRS at S3. SO PER PAIR.
if* \ £ ' Reduced irom $5.
a, Crt „ C 100 PAIRS at 84. OO PER PAIR.
ALS>O Some very fine r Reduced irom $6.
OrUAIOOILIinr iinr E 10 PAIRS at 53.00 PER PAIR.
RENAISSANCE LACE £ Reduced trom $6 .50.
- "".'. niinTtnuo 1° 10 ° pairs at jos.oo per pair.
bUn IAINO g Reduced from $7.50.
If ,t M i..,.j » D A .r.« jo 100 pairs at 56.50 PER pair.
Ala lremenaous Reanction. -o Reduced from $9.75.
_ ■■■-, -'.-. . ■ . :'. 125-127-129-131 KEARNY STREET. ' rV;
land, Miss Alice Kane, Miss Dora Kane,
I Miss Kitty Kealey, Mus Kitiy Welch,
| Miss Margaret Murphy, Miss Laura McDon-
I aid, Mia Elsie Zahl, Miss Edwiga Zahl,
Walter Mallion, W.luam Waugh, Waller Car-
I ter. Jobn Forde, Jules Didier, Thrnnab' Brooks,
Mr. Thompson, Mr. Johnson, J. Kenn»way, G.
Echler, M. A. Griffith, W. E. Dubois. Wade de
Guerre, Charles W. de Guerre. D. Holiidav, F.
H. de Guerre, Miss Alexander Shrasrjje, Miss
Waish, Miss Ida Asman, Miss Florid* Conwuy.
Miss Holliday. Miss Cora de Guerre, Miss Anna
Nicholson, Miss May Leddy, Miss Grace Little.
Miss Sallie Conway, Miss Emma Norman, Miss
Agnes Psterson.
A most enjoyable surprise party waf ten
! dered to Miss Alice Muhon at ncr residence,
I corner of Capp aiul Fiiteenth streets, Friday
.even lng, February 26. Tne evening was en
joyably spent in dancing, gnmes and music
until midnight, when a sumptuous supper
was served.
Master Arthur Sugden delighted all present
when ho sang "Sweet Rosie O'Grady." Charles
Barth amused by his clinic recitatious and
| Will Potis by tils comic songs. Miss Alice Mc-
Mahon rendered various piano selections.
.Miss Lizzie Kel:y sang a song, followed by
Master Allister Ross, who gave a pir.no solo.
Ml»s May Potter and Miss Nellie McMahon also
guve some very excellent musical selections.
Among the invited guests wets : Miss Nellie
McMahon, Miss Frames Hurley, Miss Alice
McMahon, Miss Julia Byron, Miss Edith Hur
ley, Miss Mac Lowney, Miss May me Dalton,
Ml»s Florence Lowney, Miss Idn Flu Jay, Miss
Ella Peters, Mi^s May I'otter, Miss Blanche
I riaiilie, Miss Stella Pidgeon, Miss Ltute Kelly,
James McMahon, ChHr.es Barth, George Dow
den. Walter Thompson, Allister Ross, George
It ad it. Will Potts. Joe Mulvin, Lytle Martin,
j Arthur Sagdea, William Sharp, Frank Rook
i and Gus Dorn.
On Saturday evening, the 27th ult., a sur
| prise purty was given by many friends to Mr.
| and Mrs. M. C. Gorham at their residence, 31
| Sanchez street, It being the twenty-tuurth an
niversary of their marringe. The affair was a
| success beyond the i-xpectation of its pro
[ moters. Dancing wus indulged in, Professors
t Robernttke and Longshott'i band furnishing
the music therefor, and during the evening
also discoursed operatic selections. Vocal and
instrumental music was ai.«o rendered by
Messrs. Slavin, Regan, Gorham, Carter, Miss
AiCArdle, Miss Gorham, Miss Mai ley and Miss
Huniingtou. James McCi;llough's conr.cskit,
"A CabDy's My Friend, " was excellent. y done.
The essay, 'Cake.' by Miss Rosie McArdle;
recitation, "The Two Weii-bred Candleineu,"
by John Malley, and poetic rending entitled
"A Forenoon Nap,'" by Miss Dixou, were
happily given and much appreciated.
Tne residence was handsomely and profusely
dccoratcl and in the "wee sma' hours" an ele
gant supper was served, after which all voted
best visnes to host ana hostess and family
and adjourned.
Following were present: Mesdames Gilroy,
Malley, McArdle, Cany, Brlere, 'White, Moore,
Gjrham, O'Day, Husing, Gerwin, O'Briei ,
Pierce, Greiinun, Carter and Burns; Misses R.
and M. Pierce, Malley, N. and M. Moore, Dixon,
McArdle, M. and T. Grennan, Kathryn and
Alicia Gorharu, Hun tington, Eiseri and Carroll:
Messrs. Slavin, O'Brien, Drury, W. and B. Car
ter, Charles, M. C. and J. Gorham, Grenimu,
Gleason, J. C. and J. H. Piorce, Thomas and D.
O'Day, D. O'Day Jr., McCullough, McCarthy.
White, Mailey, Regan, Hevine aud Millane;
Masters G. While und E. Gorham.
An enjoyable surprise was tendered to Mrs.
J. A. Keuney, late of San Jose, at her residence,
321 Twelfth street, recently. The affair wes
under the management of Miss Pbilomena
Pleasant. The rooms were tastefully deco
rated with evergreens and bunting. At 12
o'clock ihe merry guests repaired to the dining
room, where all partook of a sumptuous re
past, alter which sing. ug, dancing aud other
amusements were indulged in lor some hours.
Those preseiu were: Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Ken
ney of Sau Jose. Mr. fcexion of Salinas, Mr. and
Mrs. Havens, Mihses J. Small, J. Cantlen, F.
Lynan. F. Scully, F. Lament, P. Lunworth, J.
Bfitt, H. Maison, P. Barry. J. Finn, J. Mcln
t-rny, T. Davis, B. Sinclair, B. Langdon, W.
Wheeler, M. O'Connor, M. Loftlin, b. Minner,
B. McEiroy, B. Payne, J. Loycett, G. Webb ot
Ala:neda, M. Collins, W. Fiizuer<ud, F.Walters,
M. O'Connel!, M, Qninii, J. Fitzgerald. M.
O'Brien, Sack. McSwegao, McCormack, Win
ters, Murphy, Mclntyre, Kelly, J. McCaffery,
K. Watson, R. Gaughran, Mr. Gillesple, D. Mur
phy. D. Gallagher, Mr. Murry, G. Pleasant, C.
Monagban, L. Kenney,J. Sweeney, E. Gunther,
G. Robertson of Oakland, J. Gaughran and
others.
HOME GATHERINGS.
Dances, Mu steaks and Receptions
During the Past Week.
A birthday party was tendered lo Miss Dora
Muller in honor of her nineteenth Dirthday at
her home, 539 Second street, on the 2d lust.
Dancing was enjoyed and refreshments served
till an early hour in the morning. The pro
gramme of the evening w«s heartily enjoyed.
Among those contributing were Miss Henrietta
Hanson, Herman Hanson, the Muller bisters
(quarteij * cd Mr - Thauwn'.d.
Mrs. A. Tapply of 1510 Lenvenworlh street
celebrated her birthday by giving a very en
joyable affair last Wednesd.iy evening. Her
mends from the German Benevolent Society
and the Ked Cross were present.
A pimy w>^s eiveu on Monday evening,
March l,"*t 3438 Eighteenth street, by Joe
Hell and John Alum. Dunne the evening the
following prograir.mo whs rendered: Songs,
Miss Burns; solos, Miss J. >"orbie; cc.mic
songs, Miss M. Hanly, piano tolo, Miss I.
Duntzwaier; piano solo. Mr. KUliardson;
comic songs, J. Verhoeven; zither solo, J.
Alma; cornet bolo. Protessor Emmerson ; reci
latlon H. Patrick; duet, Miss C. Norbieand
Joe Bell: song, Joe Mesbu.iff ; Higniand fling.
Miss K. Mwsbuliff and F. Schaueuliffei. Alter
the programme thora was a service of reiresh
ments. , _ _
MUs Georgia Madsen, daughter of R. k.
Madsen, entertained a number of little friends
I at her Chestnut-street home Wednesday after
-1 noon in honor of the thirteenth birthuavor
Miss Emelia Nardlni, niece of Antonio Nar
diui. The entertainment included Mother
Goose and many other game* and ended with
dainty refreshments.
On Thursday evening last Mr. and Mrs.
Henry F. Fortmann gave a dancine party at
their residence, corner of Cough and Eddy
streets, in honor of their debutante daughter,
M Us Emma Fortmann. Miss Ed. tne Marion
assisted the young hostess In receiving her
guests.
Among those present were: The Missel
Ed y the and Belle Marion, Miss Grace Glsel
man, Miss Dais.- Burns, Mis-s BUm» Wensei
burger, Miss Josephine Lindlcy, Miss Edna
i L.rell, Miss Ada KenuH. Mis* Florence Dug
can. Miss Grace Cole. Miss Roy Harris, Miss
Edith Te-cberon.Miss Fannie O ;ver. Miss Era
Kohlffs, Miss Lulu Ainge'.ker, Miss Eva Hemld.
Miss Lilian Childs, Miss Jeanette I»oane, Mi-s
Gussie Sni-akc and Miss A.ice Harmon ; Messrs.
W. RohifK NY. E. Stevens. W. Ymke, H. Alder
son, A. E. Granpuer, H. C. Rowley. Dr. H.
Gedce, E. Kl«ko, ft. P. Cole, F. Hammer, L. B.
Smith, H. Winters, W, B. Meckfessel, J. Kenna,
A. Bayley, J. Dowiinar, A. Durbrow, I. Finch,
S. Scoit, K. Christeuse-.i, S. GardtU'i- ana 11.
Yanke Jr.
Miss Alice Baohrnan gave a dinner party at
her home, 2323 Devisadero street, recently.
Covers were laiU for twenty- four and the tabie
was aecoraied with almond blossoms. The
name cards were of hand-painted porcelain.
After dinner there was a musical entertaiu
nie. t.MINES
& MINERS
?|p5^HE new State Mineralogist, A. a Cooper,
Vl"~Y " M ° me idea 3 about the State Mining
34?* Bureau and its operation by which he !
may thus early be differentiated from other"
State Mineralogists we have had. There has
been considerable curiosity manifested regard
ing Mr. Cooper and the official career which
he is about to begin, and what he announces
concerning his policy will bo read with in
terest.
The term of Mr. Crawford expired February
23, but Mr. Cooper, on account of private af- i
fairs, will not assume his duties until April 1, j
allowing the present regime to be maintained
another monta. The new official will mean
time have on his hands the pleasant task of
deciding on the distribution of the patronage
of the office, for which there is the usual
scramble-
Mr. Cooper is yet willing to speak only in a
very general we- about what he will do.
That, of course, depends mainly on the appro
priation allowed by the Legislature. li the
amount allowed for the support of the bureau
should be but the $12,200 a year allowed by i
the Assembly committee the mineralogist
could be little more than the keeper of a mu
seum, but Mr. Cooper is confident that the
£50,000 now named by the Assembly for the
two years will be allowed, and that he will be
able to carry out the work he contemplates.
The gold miners, whose interest is mainly
in the gold fields, nave been slightly suspi
cious of the new official because he has not j
been known as a gold miner, as his predeces
sors have been, and have wondered, if he
would not wander too far from the mother lode
and- forget the shining metal in the asphaltum
fields and other deposits of baser treasures.
A brief conversation with Mr. Cooper yester
day indicates that he appreciates fully the
chief importance of gold mining, and will en
deavor to make the Institution of the best
practical service to the industry, and that he
is inclined to exalt petroleum, water and
other resources somewhat higher than other
State mineralogists have done.
Mr. Cooper followed his father into the gold
fields of the State in 1853, and was a gold
miner for some years. For a good many years
now he has lived at Santa Barbara, and as a
civil and mining engineer and otherwise has
been concerned chiefly with the asphaltum,
petroleum and water resources of that region.
How he will apportion the energies of the
Mining Bureau remains to be seen, but it is
promised that the minor minerals of the State
will receive increased attention.
"The economic geology of California" is to
be the keynote of the new administration,
and its worK is to be "practical." Mr. Cooper
is especially interested in two things. One is
the development of a great subterranean
water supply tor regions of Southern Califor
nia, for which it can be developed by boring
tunnels Into the Coast Range of mountains
and tapping the water reservoirs formed by
impervious strata.
"Water is the great thing," said Mr. Cooper.
"It will transform a desert into a paradise.
It is our most precious mineral product, espe
cially south of TehachapL The possibilities of
supplementing the surface supply with a sup
ply from underground are great and but little
studied. At Santa Barbara the tunnel which
has been bored into the mountain range for
1000 feet now yields .100,000 gallons daily,
and the Ripply increases with each foot
idvanced. At Pomona a tunnel yields 200 |
aches per day, or ten times as much as at
Santa Barbara.
• "The Santa Yuez range will undoubtedly
yield water enough to irrigate the entire nar
row stretch of land along the coast for 120
miles from Point Conception to the San Buena
ventura River. This is the best lemon-produc
ing region in California, but it lacks the
needed water. In this range the water is ob
tainable ia this way because of the geologic
structure. The strata when they were up
lifted and folded on each other formed by iheir
grinding action veins of clay, which are im
pervious to the water, while the sandstone
formations between them act as a sponge to
bold the water. The mountain ranges of the
State, especially of Southern California, are
worthy of long and careful study, with
teference to the possibilities of their thus
yielding permanent water supplies. Hardly
my study in this direction has been made,
md it is worthy of the attention of the State
Mineralogist. I shall give my personal atten
tion largely to this and to the oil fields.
"California is third among the States as an
ail producer and it might be first. We have
an oil belt extending from Humboldt County
to Orange County, yet if the Market-street
Railroad Company used oil for fuel it would
use the eutire product of the State itself,
rhere are oil indications along the entire
Coast Range and yet thera has ceen virtually
ao prospecting for oil done. The discoveries
if the Snmmerland and Los Angeles fields as
well as others have been* made white boring
for something else. This suggests the great
fusibilities of the range when capital takes
bold. It will cost a good deal of money to
study the formations. I would continue the
rood work in Southern California which has
jeen done by Mr. Watts, possibly with some
modification*, and would extend the study
ilong the entire coast to the extent that the
possibilities permit.
"The most valuable work of the bureau Is its
Reid work, and this should embrace the eco
aomic geology of the State and be wholly
practical. The undeveloped and slightly de- |
reloped mineral resources of the State are
jreat and varied. The building stones, es
pecially the limestones, of the State deserve
jspecial study. As one of many things take
h«* matter of hydraulic cemants. We import
•ast quantities from England, Germany and
Belgium and manufacture very little, yet the
materials of required excellence undoubtedly
?xist in the State and will be revealed with
the stu3y of its economic, geology."
"Gold-mining is, of course, the chief thing,"
said Mr. Cooper, when that was mentioned.
"I think that it would be a good thing for the
Mining Bureau to study what processes are
best adapted to ores sent in rather than to
simply make free assays and show the amount
of the precious metals In them. Especial at
tention should be given to mining processes,
for scientific processes are becoming more im
portant every year, «nd research should aid in
adapting these processes to California ores.
Everything done should be practical and
economic. I have not settled on any particu
lar lines to be followed, but I shall not try to
find out whether the Coast Range or the
Sierra' Nevada Range is the oldest, for instance.
No; the mother lode has been studied until
the mother is tired. The daughters ought to
have a chance. For one thing I don'ttninkl
shall advertise Individual mines in a direc
tory."'
This observation relates to the descriptive
roster of the mines in the State contained in
the lait and in two or three old reports of the
State Mineralogist. ,
"I don't think it important to tell that this
thc.il is down so many feet and that the horse
pojver of that engine is so much. I would
give less attention to what man has done aud
more to what God has done.
"Well, as to particular subjects of Inquiry
there are many. For instance, there are tne
zold-bearlng beach sands along the southern
coast that deserve study. These sands are
thrown up mainly by certain kinds of storms, '
\nd so can be worked but irregularly, and '
hey are crudely worked. Improved methods j
md processes might bo found adapted to
hem."
Mr. Cooper's offhand remarks thus given
ndieate that the new State Mineralogist has
)r:ginal idea's to start with and that Some in
.cresting and important work may be done by
he Minine Bureau during the next two years.
The miners seem to be coming out of -their
wrestle with the Legislature as fortunately as
they expected aud by getting practically all
they asked for. At this writing the debris and
the dredger appropriations are in the hands of
the Governor, with the certainty that trie
debris bill will be signed and a probability
that the dredger will al*o be.
As soon as the debris bill Is signed the $250,
--000 tnat has lain in the treasury for four years
will be available, and Debris Commissioner
John F. Kidder may at once arrange with the
Federal Debris Commission for its expendi
ture, according to their plans, in paying the
Stale's half of the cost of impounding dams.
The allied measure appropriating $300,000
for dredging the lower Sacramento is iudl
recty of importance to the miners, largely in
the further casing of the way to the resump
tion of hydraulic mining and the lessening of
opposition that will result. Strong influence
will be brought to bear to maintain at $50,000
the appropriation for the support ot the
State Mining Bureau for two years and the
effort promises to be successful. To cut down
the amount would be to paralyze this impor
tant institution which may do so much to aid
development of the mineral resources of the
State.
SAMPLING.
The auriferous lode matter from which the
working test is to be made should be taken
from the lode at the end or face of the drifts,
i backs or croppings by an experienced practi
TOOLS FOR TESTING AND MAKING ROUGH TRIALS OF
DIFFERENT ORES.
cal miner in a quantity not less than thirteen
cubic feet and should be of as true an average
of the ore in sight as can possibly be obtained.
The broken thirteen cubic feet should then
be conveyed to the place selected for making
the test and with spaliing-hammers broken to
the size of macadam stuff, of which, alter a
thorough mixing, 200 weight representing as
nearly as possible an average of the whole
should be taken and placed on a piece of can
vas about two yards square, in the center of
which is a stamp-die, and then with cobbing
hammers the 200 weight should be reduced
small enough to pass through a two-inch rid
dle. The die is then removed and the canvas
raised from each side so that the broken
quartz will be well mixed, from which two
samples of four pounds each can then be
taken.
The cobbed four • pound camples should
then be passed through Taylor's hand rock
cruther till it is fine enough to go through a
seive with thirty holes to the linear inch, or
finer if considered advisable.
Ta ylor's hand-crusher has many advantages
over the common mortar and pestle— first, in
the rapidity with wnich it will crusn the ore
to the desired fineness without the stamping
and grinding action of the mortar and pestle,
by which action so large a proportion of the
gold is laminated and floats away when at
tempts are made to obtain the gold by me
chanical assay-washing.
Those conversant with mining and milling
know that there are three modes of reducing
gold ores, copper, Rilver, lead and other ores—
namely, "crushing," "stamping" and "grind
ing." The first is effected by horizontol roll
ers— rock-breakers; the second by stamps; the
third by edge-mills, pans, arrastras and mill
stones.
The great objection to the two latter modes
of reduction in the treatment of gold ores are
the lamination of the gold, and the produc
tion, when silver, copper, load and other ores
are so reduced, of so large a quantity of slimes.
Tha various simple appliances employed for
panning out gold and the separation of it
from pyritic matter and earthy materials are
as follows: First, "flit shovel," the use of
which is by Cornish ore-dressers termed "van
ning." The foreman of the different dressing
floors where cooper, lead and tin ores areas
sorted and concentrated for market neces
sarily "van" with considerable skill. Vanning
is occasionally brought into use in testing for
gold.
Second— The "pan" as used by placer miners
and prospector*. It is made out of one piece
of sheetiron, and for washing gravel and
cleaning up in milling it is superior to any
other utensil. A small riddle (picking riddle)
similar to those used in assorting lead and
other ores, would greatly assist the operation
of washing small quantities of gravel. The
earthy matter would be more easily removed
or cleansed than by rubbing the gravel be
tween the hands. The picking riddle, with
about eight hole* to the linear inch, has two
long handles fixed to It to work it.
A large tub, partly filled with water, is re
quired. The riddle, with the gravel in it to be
washed, is then immersed in the water, and
by a sharp, quiet, half-rotary motion the cloy
or soil is soon removed from the pebbles or
gravel. What will not pa«s through tho rid
die is then emptied on a table or board, so
that it can be examined to see if there are
any nuseets or cement that require crush-
Ing. In estimating the value of "drifting
gravel" it is best to do so by the cubic foot,
and in the i.bsence of sluices to use the
picking riddle and then to wash cut the gold
with a pan. "In place" the average Small
gravel will weigh eighteen cubic feet to the
ton; on the dump twenty-oeven cubic feet.
Third— The "horn spoon" used principally,
I believe, by the Mexican minors and millmen
I to teat the mercury in the different stages of j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MARCH 7, 1897.
the "patio" and other amalgamation pro- I
cesses. Many of our California experts use it
in prospecting for gold. It is of various shapes I
and sizes, but all of them too small to treat a I
quantity of pulp sufficient for a washing test
for gold, besides which the grease from the
finger ends in stirring up the pulp in the
spcon causes a large proportion of the
scale gold to float away on the water, particu
larly that form of gold generally met with in
the cellular portions of the quartz and mostly
associated with ferruginous matters. To prove
how easily the gold attaches itself to the
grease, take some seabeach gold, put it into the
horn spoon and rub it with the ends of your
fingers, then add water to it, and you
will find the greater part of it will float away.
Nevertheless, with the horn spoon the pres
erve of gold may be detected, but I cannot
recommend it for a mechanical or washiug
assay, the results not being reliable, in fact,
mere guess work.
Fourth— The '-Batea," a wooden bowl or yes
! sel used for washing gold by the Mexican and
j Brazilian miners, and though these two im
i plements differ very much in size and shape,
1 in skillful hands very good results are ob
; tamed from both. My improved form of Bra
! zilian batea is the result of many years of
; study. The pattern of my latest improved form
| I have given to John Taylor i Co., and to
| Justinian Caire of this City, who are mak
i ing them in good form and of suit
j able wood. The improved batea if skill
fully handled will give very accurate results,
showing nearly every particle of mechanically
| combinea gold in the lodestone. It is very
! useful a» a concentrator to find the percentage
!ol pyri'.ic matter in the ore. When the miner
I is desirous of making a very accurate working
j test two bateas should be used, so that the
tailing irom the first operation can be worked
over again. Tne rirht hand fingers should
i also «je covered with rubber cots, so that
i the please from them may not float the
gold. A little washing ammonia should also
be added from time to time during the wash
ing or panning out. In case there is any
taicose or greasy matter in the samples, it
snould be soaked in boiling water with a little
caustic soda for ten or fifteen minutes before
panning.
When the gold and pyritic matter are
brought together in the center of the batea
and well freed from the gangue, allow them
to be covered with one or two inches of water,
: and then with a bar magnet remove all mag
| netic iron, which can be easily effected, but
j care must be taken at the same time, that
none of the gold it picked up with the Iron ;
by striking tne magnet slightly against the
side of the washing tub the iron will fail from
the magnet.
When all the gold is well collected In the
center of the batea a little pure mercury Is
added, sufficient to form a hard amalgam.
This mercury being rubbed by the finger cov
ered by a cot^wi 11 rapidly take up the gold,
the wooden surface of the batea greatly as
sisting the operation.
The pyritic matter left, if thought to con
tain any gold, can be ground up fine with
watar and mercury In an agate mortar or
roasted in a clay dish with a little nitrate of
soda and then amalgamated.
The four-pound samples are then to be
treated as directed in using the batea and the
j resulting amalgam put in a piece of charcoal
I and the mercury volatilized by the aid of a
blowpipe; the resulting gold being weighed,
the value per ton of rock will be found by
the accompanying tables. In case the fineness
of the gold appears to d.ffer from that of the
district it can easily be determined with suffi
cient accuracy by the touchstone of testing
needles.
It will be necessary for the miner or pros
pector to have a portuble, accurate and cheap
balance, which can be had of Messrs. John
Taylor & Co., First street, San Francisco*
Prospector' 3 and miner's cold table to deter
mine free gold per ton of 2000 pounds average.
Sample for working test, four pounds avoirdu
pois, 28,000 grains:
3*l
"la
S. = 3!
— "p
n <r **
ill
C-S&
• go
■ ■'•• *
SIS
O J
c
o
•8
: c
' •*! 't
■0= «3"
Is S?
§; 2 2
b- ; a* 1
°ac I s <*
j»a ••'
-»" 5"
"I «»
: c .' c" I
■ -» i ■ » !
189 36 594 20
7149 75 36
63 61 ; • 6 .V 2
35 74 37 68
! 17 87 18 84
j 16 08 19 95
1 14 29 1 15 07
' IV! si | 13 19
I 10 73 11 3)
I 893 942
! 714 .3
i 6 6 5 6.>
1.3 57 376
| 178 188
Si "If
si
!l
s a
B»
-°oc
-4"
?!
: c
• * i
• "3
il
. »_
: a
6 grains
4 grains:.
3 Krains...; •
'£. grains
1 grain... :
.9 grain :
.8 grain-: .....
.7 grain
.6 grain .........
.5 grain .........
.4 gran
.3 cram ..:....
.'J grain
.1 grain...... .......
97
I-
*:>:< I 5
79 V 4
69 43
39 02
! ■ IWhl
; 17 82
! 1584
! 13 88
1188
' 990
i 792
I 594
j 396
198
13 4:
11 7!
10 0
8 41
6 7
so:
3 ai
1 61
Many years ago I had occasion to make a
cursory examination of what at one time was
considered a very important mining district.
"Meadow Lake," a large town was built, then
called "Summit City," which "city" might be
said to have been built up by hign assay;, and
let down by working results.
It is impossibe to say how many indes
cribable processes were tried there to save the
gold, from numerous high assays they were
led to believe the lode matter contained.
The samples which gave high as-ays were
supposed to have been taken by parties who
thoroughly understood the business. The as
say certificates ot Meadow Lake rock, if bound
up together, would make quite a large volume.
Vast sums of money must nave been expanded,
how much it is impo«siblc to tell; but I feel
assured that had the simple, practical test
which I have now tried to describe been
applied at the mines by some experienced
hand, the greater part of the money would
have been saved, and from the cursory exam
ination I made of the district I feel satisfied
many of the large mines would now be in suc
cessful operation.
I hope the day has gone by when breaking
small pieces of rock from here and there in
the lode for fire assay, or worse ••till, pound
ing in a mortar and afterward attempting to
wush out the gold with greasy fingers in a
horn spoon and then by the aid of a powerful
magnifier guessing the gold contents of the
rock, will be considered a reliable assay.
It might save a great deal of trouble in case
the prospector feels satisfied that the lode
matter is worth it to have the four-pound
samples careiully washed and then send the
concentrates to be smelted. Professor Price's
charge for such work is about $3.
MINING MISCELLANY.
American Flat seems likely to be drained at
last, and if so, a partial revival of the pros
perity cf the Comstock region will follow.
American Flat is an eleva ed basin close to
the Comstock group of mines, and contains
extensive veins of good ore which were partly
developed years ago. Water appeared so
abundantly at comparatively slight depth thai
work was abandoned on all the properties,
which have been idle ever since. Pumps were
inadequate to overcome the flow, and the de
velopment of the lodes was seen to be impos
sible without deep-tunnel drainaee. Such a
tunnel has long been a Comstock dream.
The cheapest plan is to connect with the
Sutro Tunnel by a tunnel from one of the Com
stock mine?, and to bore such a tunnel 7&00
feet in length from the Alta mine, a company
has been formed at Virginia City with a capi
tal stock of $10,000,000. The directors are to
be: H. M. Yerrington, W. E. Sharon, J. W.
Eckley, H. M. Gorham, E. D. Boyle, Albert
Lackey and J. R. Ryan.
The Thistle Shaft mine In Plumes County is
to be pumped out at large expense and a mile
drainage tunnel is talked of.
A great amount of mining machinery and
supplies is stored at various mouutain points
waiting for the roads to become passable.
The Taylor diggings hydraulic mine of
Plumas County is to Ije put into operation with
twenty-five men us soon as the water season
opens.
A ledge of gold ore fifty feet wide has been
located in Muletowu Mountain, Shasta County,
and hp.s been traced for over a mile.
The Kappahanuock mine, Tuolumne County,
is to have a fifteen-stamp mill.
The Accident mine at Big Oak Flat, Tuo
lumne County, has been bonded for $8000.
A French company, which has Dought the
idle Punchbowl gravel mine in Tabe Mount
ain, Tuolumne County, will soon begin opera
tions.
Copper has been added to the discoveries of
the Randsbuxg district.
A marble quarry has been located in San
Bernardino County, twelve miles from Victor.
The Pittsburg mine, in Nevada County, will
soon resume operations on an extensive scale.
C. J. Bandman has sold his interest to Mr.
Epstein, one of tne original owners, who will
pay all claims and employ a large force of
men.
The Hidden Treasure mine, In Placer
County, will soon have a 75- horsepower elec
tric-power plant, and trie scale of operations
generally will be increased.
At the Red Point gravel mine, in Placer
County, the main tunnel Is in 10,000 feet, and
sixty men are employed.
Directions for sampling auriferous lode mat
ter and a simple working test for determining
the quantity of gold mechanically combined
in It.
Garlock in the Randsburg district, has tele
graphic communication, mail twice a day
and- eleven stages each way daily. It is again
reported that Southern Pacific surveyors are
In the field pioneering for a branch road into
the district. The town has about 300 people,
four stamp mills and one cyanide plant.
The Ford mine is almost the first effort at
deep mining around San Andreas, Calaveras
County. The mine was operated for some time
by the Ford brothers, but later corporation
was effected, a number of the leading citizens
of San Andreas and their friends taking a
portion of the stock, and they have kept a
force of men employed under the Ford broth
ers. The snait is now down 400 feet. The
company intends to continue the shaft on to
the 1000-foot mark. A mill test of 1000 tons
is to be made as soon as a mill can be secured
for the purpose in the neighborhood.
At ;he Kennedy they arc sinking the south
shaft from the 1950 level, and will probably
co down to the 2200 level before stopping.
The are working the levels from the 2100 .evel
in the north shaft, taking out ore enough to
keep the 40-statup mill running niiht and
day.
The Bonanza on Grizzly Gulch, Siskiyou
County, will be opened up this spring, some
very rich, ore having been discovered last
winter.
The men who have a bond on the Allen
mine in Quartz Valley, Biskiyou County, are
meeting with succeSs. On the 350 level they
drifted north and tound a good 4-foot ledge
thtt prospects well. Compressed air is used
for drilling' and also tor running tne hoist.
The quartz is crushed in a 10-stamp mill.
The Opera mine in tho B.ick Hawk mining
district, San Bernardino County, has been
so!d by O. G. Leach to R. F. Harrison and
Llewellyn brothers of Los Angeles.
The Minnesota mine, Shasta County, will be
started up again. There isa 10-stnmp mill ou
the property and at a depth of 400 feet the
ledse is from three to six feet wide.
The Gladstone property, Shasta County, is
to be explored with a diamond drill.
The Le Roi mine, British Columbia, has
shipped 100 tous of ore daily on an average
this year.
The Kootenay country, British Columbia,
has produced this y»«r. up to February 20,
$1,296,800, of which $632,900 is the value of
the product ot smelters snipped and $663, 894
is the value of ore exported.
IN THE FUTURE.
Fashionable Qubs "Will Entertain
Their Friends.
The second grand concert ot the United Ger
man Singers, consisting of Verein Eintract,
Teutonia, Freuud-Schaftsaengerbund, Bayer
bund and Verein Vorwaerts, will take place
Sunday. March 14, at Eiutract Hall, Twelfth
street. A fine programme has been prepared
for tho occanion.
The opening hop to be siven by th« mem
ber* of the Hyacinth Club will be held at As
sembly Hall, 1412 Polk street, on the evening
of Wednesday, March 3.
The Eaire Nous Cotillon Club will hold an
assembly and german Tuesday evening, March
2, In the Maple Hall of the Palace HuteL
BIRTHDAY PARTY
In Honor of Mrs. Hisgen's Fiftbth
Birthday.
An elaborate birthday party was given at
the residence of Mrs. E. C. Hisgen, 1307 Web
KKW TO-DAY.
HEALTH I WSURANCE
Complete Nourishment
IS COJTMED IS EVERY CAS OF
y^^M EVAPORATED
BECAUSE :
IT IS GERM FREE.
IT IS CLEANLY PREPARED,
IT IS ABSOLUTELY PURE.
V IT IS UNSKIMMED.
IT IS RICH IN FOOD SUBSTANCE.
Declared ' Highest in Ran by Official Report by the Board of
Health of san Francisco. V .: .
ster street, on Saturday evening, in honor o*
the lady's fiftieth birthday anniversary.
The spacious parlors and hallway were hand
somely decorated with potted plants, palms,
ferns and hotho use plants, through which were
interwoven streamers of smilax. honeysuckle
rind ivyrin, producing a most charming effect.
This, with the aid of Japanese lanterns in
miniature globes, presented a most beautiful
scene.
Mrs. Hisgen was elegantly attired in a mag
nificent black satin gown trimmed with jet
and costly old lace. Her ornaments were dia
monds.
PERSONALS.
Miss Minnie Gorman of Newport, Or., is visit
ing Mrs. Captain Rickards, 2002 Powell street.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph C. Butcher (nee Staeg
-1)<■■:•!, have moved into their new home and
will receive uext Sunday.
Mme. B. Biber left on Friday evening,
MarcJi 5, on a business and pleasure trip to
New York.
Harry A. Williams of the firm of Williams,
Brown & Co. is to leave by the nest steamer
for Australia, where he "will reside for the
future.
Sydney is his objective point, and he goes
there to represent the firm to which he bj
longs and establish tor them a permanent
representative in the Antipodes.
Mr. Williams will be accompanied by his
wife and family, who will also make Sydney
their home.
Saturday night lnst a banquet was tendered
him by sixteen of his frienus, and it proved a
most enjoyable affiir.
Tnose who gathered round tne table were:
W. W. F >ote, H. Corson, F. W. Henshaw,
Cnaries Hirsch, W. G. Henshaw. Rudolph
Herold Jr., A. T. Vogelsang. H. F. Emerlc, H.
K. Gray. H. H. Lynch, H. r. Fortmann, F. deL,
Carrington, T. B McGovern, W. A. Frederick,
Charles Hey and 11. Siiverstein.
W. H. Keith, the American barytone, won a
grand success at tr.s concert inParis in the
Halle Rudy iast month. Among the large a:;d
lnshiouable audience were many Americans,
among th^m being Mrs. D. D. Colton and
family. Mr. Keith has returned 10 his head
quarters at the Hotel Cecil, London.
W. F. Goad and the Misses Aileen and Gene
vieve G<>ad witnessed the Mardi-Gras festivi
ties in New Orleans this weet.
Mr. and Mrs. William Robinson Whittier.
nee Carroll, will sail irom New York to-day
for the Mediterranean Sea to visit Turkey and
Egypt.
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford arrived in Washington,
D. C, last Wednesday.
Donald de V. Graham is expected to arrive
here from Honolulu next Thursday.
Mrs. J. t. Foulkes and Miss Foulkes have
leased their home and will pass the remainder
of the winter at 1005 Scott street. Dr. W. B.
Foulkes left last Saturday for a prolonged stay
fibroid, where be will continue his medical
studies.
Colonel W. R. Smedbere has returned from
a visit to Los Angeles, Pasadena and Santa
Monica.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Bradford, nee Badlam,
arev'-siting Pasadena, Los Angeles and other
points of interest in Southern California.
Mr. and Mrs. D. J. Spence arrived in New
York City iast Monday from Europe, where
they hsd heen for several months.
Mrs. William H. Smith Is visiting Mrs. W. B.
Wilshire in Los Angeles.
Mrs. Edward A. Belcher is visiting friends in
Santa Cruz.
Mrs. Ben C. Truman, for a long time a resi
dent of tnis City, but now of Los Angeles, is
staying at the Occidental Hotel.
J. L. Moody and Miss Moody are passing a few
weeks at Paso Robles.
Colonel and Mrs. M. H. Hecht are en route
home from the Eastern Sta'es.
Dr. Clinton Cushing will return to this City
next Wednesday.
Mrs. Aibert W. Scott has returned home
fully restored to heclth and will receive on
the last Wednesday of each month at her resi
dence. 305 Buchanan. street.
Herman Oelrichs arrived nere last Tuesday
| on a brief business trip and is at the Fair man
i sion, 1122 Pine street.
Mr. and Mrs. William Haas of this City are
in Paris.
Mr. and Mrs. N. D. Rideout of Marysville are
passing a i w weeks at Paso Robles.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Scott Hobart are pass
ing a tew weeks in Southern California.
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young have returned
from Europe after a prolonged absence.
George E. P. Hall has returned to the City
after a montn's visit to the Eastern and South
ern States 1 .
Judge and Mre. W. C. Van Fleet and Miss
Julia Crocter passed tne first of the week at
the Hotel Rafael.
Colonel and Mrs. Charles F. Hanlon and
Miss Blanche Loughran have been visiting
Mrs. Daniel Hanlon at the Hotel Rafael dur
ing the past week.
Edgar B. Carroil will retirn to-day After a
month's trip to New York and other Eastern
cities.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Hagan have removed to
20t51 Alameda avenue, between Chestnut and
Wiilow streets, Aiameda.
Mrs. M. Samuel, accompanied by her son,
Clydie, leit for Chicago on the first of th».'
month, on a visit to her daughter, Mrs. I.
D-'sprcs, to be gone about three months. The
Samuel home is now being occupied by the
Bradburys of Los Aneeles. The other mem
bers tf the Samuel family are comfortably
quartered rit the Hotel Baltimore.
M;>s Hattie Nathan, the clever dramatic
reader, euterialned the member* of the Chan
nlng Auxiliary Monday afternoon by reciting
several dramatic and dialect selections.
INCIDENT OP THE REVOLUTION.
j The r:im Mi* Chain Stretched Across
the Huditon to .Defend the River.
There are not many peoplo who would
j recognize in the name Samuel Wheeler a
i person who did valuab.e service for onr
i country in the war of the Revolution. It
was he who made the famous chain that
was stretc ea across the Hudson River to
stop the British warships from ascending
the stream. At the time General Wash
ington was puzzled about defending the
river.
"I wish I conld get a chain made, but
that is impossible," he said, and General
Mitiiin, who overheard tne remark, ex
claimed :
"'Not so. We hay« a man in the army, a
townsman of mine, one Wheeler, who can
make you such a cnain."
General Washington bad Wheeler
broueht to him and said:
, "I want a chain to put across the North
River to stop the British ships. Can you
j make it?"
"I can," replied Wheeler, "but I cannot
[do it here."
"Then," said Washington. "I will cheer
fully give you dismission from the army to
do "so, for badly as we want such men as
you I cannot afford to keep you."
Mr. Wheeler made the chain, and its
links were hauled across New Jersey, to
be finally strung across the river, where it
did good service. By building a fire under
one of the links and then using a sledge
hammer and a chisel, it was ultimately
cut apart. — Harper's Round Table.
The land covered by new houses in
Greater London every y-ar is 1163 acres.
KIW TO-DAT-DRT GOOTM."
TEMPTING OFFERINGS
TO INTRODUCE OUR
PEERLESS COLLECTION
OX 1
NEW SPRING GOODS!
Our introductory sale of new Spring goods last - week proved
an unqualified success notwithstanding the unfavorable weather,
for the INFINITE VARIETY OF CORRECT AND BEAUTIFUL
STYLES exhibited surpassed even the expectations of those bast
aware of our facilities for presenting the VERY NEWEST FASH-
IONS simultaneously with their display in Eastern fashion centers
and far in advance of other firms.
X The MARVELOUSLY LOW PRICES quoted proved an equally
agreeable surprise and this surprise cannot fail to be intensified
by the following and many other SPECIAL BARGAINS OFFERED
THIS WEEK as an extra inducement to the inspection of our
GREATLY AUGIITED DISPLAY!
- . ■■" ■ ; :■' - ■ ■ , -
SILK DEPARTMENT!
100 pieces PLAID SILK, regular value for 65c a yard, will be offered at 4-Or
100 pieces CHECK SILK, regular price 75c a yard, will be offered at
60 pieces CHANGEABLE SURAH SILK, regular price 75c a yard, will be CC
offered at vJvJ\^
40 pieces COLORED TAFFETA SILK, regular price 75c a yard, will be of- CA r
fered at DVFL
30 pieces COLORED TAFFETA SILK, regular price $1 a yard, will be of- 7C r
fered at i *-***
20 pieces BLACK SATIN DUCHESSiS, extra good value for $1 25 a yard, QVL r
will be placed on ssfle at.......... . ... ." vfvJli
20 pieces BLACK SATIN BROCADE, warranted pr re silt, extra good value QC r
forsl 25 a yard, will be offered at '. ' ZJ*J\*-
BLACK GOODS DEPARTMENT!
30 pieces BLACK SERGE, warranted pure wool, value for 50c a yard, will be ""% C*%
offered at JmZJK,
20 pieces ALL-WOOL FANCY WEAVES, new designs, regular value for 50c OOfC f
a yard, will be offered at »J«JC
25 pieces ALL-WOOL ENGLISH STORM SERGE, 50 inches wide, regular XC r
pr.ce $1 a yard, will be offered at sJvJL.
CLOAK DEPARTMENT!
100 BLACK .ALPACA SKIRTS, brocaded, regular price $2 each, will be <£l Vf &
offered at *4>l«T-3
100 BLACK BROCADED ALPACA SKIRTS, regular price $3 each, will be <£ I t\i\
offered at ■•/•■■ vPl.clU
80 BLACK ALPACA SKIRTS, brocaded, regular price $3 50 each, will be a* 1 ") AfZ
offered at vJ>^«T-vJ
80 BLACK BROCADED SKIRTS, variety of designs, regular price $4^^ Q!?
each, will be offered at.... '. «J)*«!/J
60 LADIES' MIXED CLOTH SUITS, former price $10 each, will be of-^QC
fered at.... ....: *4>T"«^vJ
60 LADIES' SERGE SUITS, in blue and black, regular price $12, will be CifL QP
offered at :.. 3HJ.
GLOVE DEPARTMENT!
90 dozen LADIES' 5 AND 7 HOOK KID GIOVES, in black only, regular RE.
price $1 25 and $1 50 a pair, will be offered at vlJl
90 dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH UNDRESSED MOUSQUETAIRE KID 7fj-
GLOVES, former price $1 50 a pair, will be offered at. / 3C
80 dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH DRESSED MOUSQUETAIRE FRENCH An r
KID GLOVES, slate only, regular pries $1 50 a pair, will be offered at ""I
80 dozen 8-BUTTON LENGTH UNDRESSED MOUSQUETAIRE KID C>t f\(\
GLOVES, regular price $1 75 a pair, will be placed on sale at M>l»vfif
LINENS! _____ LINENS! .
LINENS — The good standard grades will be pushed out this
week if prices count. The VALUES ARE GREAT.
CHECK. ALL LINEN, GLASS TOWELING, fast edges, 14 inches wide. E~
Special at. ....-...' >. yard *■**-'
18-INCH WIDE CHECK GLASS TOWELING, well made and undressed. -JI-.
- .Special at yard ■ 'S*
BARNSLEY BLEACHED PURE LINEN ROLLER CRASH, the kind that OOrl r
absorbs freely and wears well yard Oj^
HALF- BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, dice patterns, 59 inches wide, ■ -lA r
great value .„ 1.........:. ..:........ .yard £\J\*
CREAM TABLE DAMASK, Irish linen (not the cotton mixed kind) .... qc _
.";■; :...... ......' yard •J^
A SUPERIOR BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, not a great deal left. CC r
Special at.. ...■.:...........■.:;:.■...:..... vKJi*
500 dozen HEAVY UNBLEACHED TURKISH TOWELS, the. solid larite ' ir) r
ones, were loc. ,On special sale at /. each Ivrl*
EXTRA SPECIALS!
5-4 BLEACHED PILLOW CASING, undressed. Special at Q r
/ ...................................:........:...:........ .......yard "C
20 dozen 6-4 BLEACHED SHEETS, for single beds, well made...;.......... QCtr*
..;..... ...;.... each 3vJl*
3 cases 9-4 XXX SHEETING, unbleached, 181 inches wide, very strong. IK r
Special at.... .......:...:...;.....;..;.................. .■ **
LADIES' SILK UNDERSKIRTS!
About 165 LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED SILK UNDERSKIRTS.
an importer's sample, highly finished, new and stylish, bought at 50c &II AA
- on the dollar, and on sale at the same rate. Prices from $3 95 t0..... a4>II»VFvI
Of A\T 1/ ETC f Last week of our very successful sale of
DL/\l>l\C lOi Fine White Wool Blankets. Prices again cut.
See ': ••Examiner" for a few special numbers
: and prices. ". »«•"
- gT OUB NEW SPRING CATALOGUE will soon be ready for distribution to
OUT-OF-TOWN RESIDENTS, to whom it will be mailed free on application.
[ ft t MURPHY BUILDING, /
If If Martet Street, Comer of Jones, /
2122
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Freet
Dally and Sunday Cam, one week, by carrier..
Dully and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11.... 6.00
Pally «nd Sunday Call, «lx months, by mall.. 8.00
Daily and Sunday QaU, three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by maiL. .68
Sunday Call, one year, by mall -•• 1-60
\> i~kjn.y Calx, one year, by mall •••• l«*0
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-IS6»
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
SI 7 Clay Street.
Teltpbon* Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open untO
0:80 o'clock.
889 Hayes street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
GIB l.arklti street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
S\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opea
tntil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 8:30 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kw.ern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
SUNDAY MARCH 7, 1897
During the week ending yes-
terday THE CALL published
46 1 S inches
of advertisements, which is
Q Q4: inches more
than was published by any other
San Francisco newspaper during
the same time.
Now, tnen, for harmony.
Let us make it an era of good feeling.
The way to have prosperity is to work
for it.
There should be no factious opposition
to the tariff.
Let us start the boulevard as a highway
to better times.
Don't fail to subscribe to the fund to
provide work for the unemployed.
When all classes of citizens work
together great things are accomplished.
The cloudy skies give the outlook for
agriculture all the brightness of sunshine.
The great powers have found th<?y can
not take Greece out of Crete with soft
soap.
If we get the new tariff bill by the Ist of
July we will make the Fourth glorious,
indeed.
The Greek backbone is strong enoueh to
make a bold front and may be Btrong
enough to win out.
A war in the Levant would send wheat
prices sky hiph and it m»y come before
the next crop is ready.
In the ta6k of restoring prosperity the
people have a responsibility hardly less
than that of the Government.
No one objects to Cleveland's duck
shooting trip this time. We have in
Washington a much better man to attend
to business.
This ought to be a great year for carni
vals in this country, as the people were
never more joyous or more in a mood to
have a jubilee.
No objection was made in the Senate to
any member of McKinley's Cabinet ex
cept Bliss, and yet everybody knows that
where there is harmony there is sure to be
bliss.
Since a war against her has been raised
in the Caroline Islands as well as in Cuba
and the Philippines, Spain will have
reason to believe that all islands are of
a volcanic nature.
Not a sinele sentence in McKinley's
message tends to stir up strife among the
people. It said the right things in the
riebt way and appeals to the sentiments
of all patriotic people.
The story that microbes four inches
long have been found in Chicago water
was probably staried by some visitor to
the city who drank so much Chicago beer
that he was unaole to tell the difference
between a microbe and a sausage.
The Boston Transcript says that tbe
seven wonders of America are Niagara
Falls, Yosemite Valley, Mammoth Cave,
Muir Glacier, Natural Bridge. Yellowstone
Park and the Grand Canyon of the Colo
rado. The list is good, but why Kansas
was left out is another wonder.
According to Mr. Prater of St. Louis,
the time is soon corning when farmers
will receive about $25 per acre for their
cornsta.ks after tbe corn and fodder have
been stripped from them. The stalks, he
says, will be used in making cellulose,
celluloid, smokeless gunpowder, lacquer,
cattle feed, roofing maierial and a material
that will answer every purpose of papier
macbe.
At the recent municipal elections in
Philadelphia five women were elected to
the school board, so that now there are
eleven women >n that body representing
nine out of the thirty-eight wards of the
city. The success of the women is re
garded by the press of Philadelphia as a
matter for congratulation, and the predic
tion is made that before long every ward
will have at least one woman to represent
it as a school director.
A few years ago some enterprising roan
brought water hyacinths from Venezuela
as a fine plant to adorn the grounds of
one of the big hotels in Florida. The
plant got into the rivers of the State and
thrived like the rabbit in Australia. It
now impedes navigation on such impor
tant streams as the St. Jonn, and serves
as another warning to man not to be too
hasty in propagating either plants or ani
mals in lands where nature has not placed
them.
Senator Wolcott, who has just returned
from Europe, says: "An international
agreement for theremonetization of silver
is entirely feasible, and its accomplish
ment rests largely with the United Stales
and is dependent on the course wo pur
sue." This statement is encouraging, and
taken in connection with McKinley's
promise that Internationa! bimetallism
will have early attention gives hope that
this issue in like the tar.ff — will soon be
nut of po.itics.
PUBLIC RESPONSIBILITY.
In the beginning of this new administration and in the efforts mado tc hasten the
coining of a new era of prosperity, it must be borne in mind that the people have a
responsibility hardly less than that imposed upon Congress and the President. To
achieve the best results from the legislation which ia expected.it is essential that
tnere should be harmony among classes of citizens and cordial co-operation in the
task of restoring public confidence and upbuilding the industries of the country.
We rightly count upon Congress to act promptly in adopting a new tariff which
will provide an adequate revenue to the Government md afford protection lo Ameri
can labor. We expect tne Senate &•> well as the House to be prompt in enacting the
new measure. Wiiile we have these expectations, it is only right that we should act
in accordance with them. It will be in vain to look for harmony in Congress if there
is no harmony among the people. If dissensions exist among citizens they are cer
tain to be reflected and possibly exaggerated at Washington, and the result will be
discord and antagonisms which will seriously impair the force even if they do not
wholly baffle all efforts made to provide the much needed legislation.
In a particular degree the newspapers of the country are charged with responsibil
ity at this time. They should give to the Government every support required for the
best results and should abstain from all attacks of a mere partisan or factional char
acter. The new tariff snould not be assailed as the work of spoilsmen and corpora
tions; it should not be denounced as favoritism shown to the, rich against the poor.
No attempt should be made to prejudice the public mind against it in advance. On
the contrary the press should wait until the tariff bill is presented before it enters
upon the work of criticising it, and even then the comments should bo directed to the
end of making it in every way beneficial to the welfare of the people. There will be
room enough for legitimate criticism in pointing out how particular schedules may
possibly be changed to advantage, without resorting to mere partisan attacks and de
nunciations designed for no other purpose than that of discrediting the bill and ex
citing the passions of the ignorant and the prejudices of one class of men against
another. ■
The new administration ought to be for America the beginning of an era of good
feeling. It ought to see the end of those prolonged antagonisms over economic ques
tions which have disturbed the country ever since the appearance ol Grover Cleve
land in public life. The time has come when labor and capital, rich and poor, debtor
and creditor should work together. We have passed through a most disastrous expe
rience. Every one now recognizes the supreme importance of reviving the industries
of the country and furnianing employment to labor. The people and the press at
well as Congress should recognize their responsibility at this juncture. Trie time has
come for harmony and co-operation. Let us act together, and in a time much sooner
than is expected in some quarters we shall achieve a return to prosperity and restore
the normal conditions of American life.
VICIOUS JOURNALISM.
In the great cities of Europe and of the
East the attention of students of social
topic 3 has been called to the extraordinary
increase in recent years of jnvenile crime.
In New York this phase of depravity has
been startling, and there has been much
discussion concerning the cause of it, ana
the best methods of remedying the evil.
The course of the discussion has made
clear the fact that all investigators are
agreed that the chief if not the sole cause
of the increase of crime among juveniles
is due to a crime-lovinE and crime-pro
ducing newspaper press. Mr. Gerry, presi
dent of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children, in New York City, in
discussing the extraordinary increase of
child criminals in that community, says:
The first course of their training in vice is
•what may well be called vioious journalism.
Lurid stories of crime, illustrated by vivid
pictures representing criminals In daring and
attractive attitudes; descriptions of criminals
arrested for gross immoralities, with the like
pictorial illustrations; narratives of these and
especially of children charged with crime,
where all the details are elaborated witn the
greatest care, with their pictures often of a
salacious character, malting a deep-seated and
deep-rooted impression. Anyone conversing
with children held for crime may soon learn
whence the suggestions of crime ere derived.
They are only too ready to talk on the subj -ct,
and frequently to compare their exploits with
those chronicled in these newspaper!.
This presents a new chase of the evils of
decadent journalism. The wrong done to
society by such papers as the New York
Jvurnal and the Ban Francisco Examiner
has been repeatedly made known. So of
fensive have these papers become to
decent people that in New York a bill has
been introduced Into the Legislature to
prevent the publication of the pictures of
citizens without their consent. This bill,
which seems a blow at the liberty of the
press, is cordially supported by many of
the leading pupers in New York on the ex
press ground that decadent journalism has
carried liberty to such a d gree of license
that the welfare and decency of society re
quire some restriction upon the privileges
which have been hitherto accorded to
American newspapers.
The support given to the New York bill
shows that decadent journalism is danger
ous to the press inasmuch as it threatens
to compel the public to seriously restrict
the freedom which journalism has 10..g en
joyed. The newspaper profession there
fore even more than society generally has
reason to denounce, condemn and use ail
its efforts to force these foul and effensive
journals out of the ranks of the profes
sion. Society at large, however, will find
in tho reports of the increase of juvenile
crime sufficient r»ason why it should co
operate with legitimate newspapers in the
war against fake and foul journalism, and
for that reason we call par:icular attention
to the discussion now going on in New
York and to the statement quoted from
President Gerry.
The remedy for the evil is well stated
by the New York Post:
The press will never become moral or decent
by dint of exhortation. The only argument
that can reach it, short of a severe penal
statute, Is tho argument of the almighty
dollar. Cut off the profits of crime-breeding
newspapers and you would be surprised to see
how moral they would become. We do not
propose to waste any breath on newspaper
proprietors. It is to the general public, to the
Christian men and women who buy their
daily poison, to the business men and philan
thropists who keep their wretched and in
fectious sheets alive by advertising in them,
that the appeal should be ma.le. Theirs is the
responsibility and in their hands 1b the
remedy.
NEW CHEMISTRY Of FARMING
The study of bacteria is continually
magnifying our knowledee of the im
portant part these tiny microbes perform
in the works of nature. After the won
derful revelation of the nature of various
diseases, never understood till this micro
scopic life was scientifically observed, we
were next surprised by the accounts of the
skilled cultivation of choice breeds of
bacteria for use in produring butter of
surpassing flavor and keeping qualities.
Ab if wonders are never to cease, now
comes Dr. Henry W. Wiley, chief of the
division of chemistry in the Federal De
partment of Agriculture, to tell us that
bacteria are busy in all agricultural soils
preparing plant food, and that the roots of
our growing crops do not and cannot
directly take up ti>e mineral substance of
the soil and organize it into plant life.
This curious fact was explained in a
lecture recently delivered by Dr. Wiley to
the chemical section of the Frantlin In
stitute upon the subject of "Soil Ferments
Important in Agriculture." He stated
that the old idea that the soil is an inert
mass of mineral matter has given way to
the new conception of the soil as a living
organism, and that the production of
arable soil is known to be largely due to
the activities of certain forms of bacteria,
which decompose the inert mineral sub
stances. In addition to the minute or
ganisms which dissolve the soil particles
there are others active in preparing or
ganic food for absorption and assimila
tion by plants.
This discovery has already been found
to be of great practical importance. It
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
was learned tnat the microbes worked by
a process called nitrification, whicL is the
conversion of ammonia and its compounds
into nitrous acid, and ironi & study of the
successive steps in this operation it was
deduced that nitrogenous fertilizers
should be applied in moderate quantities.
Practical results have also been obtained
by the artificial production of a breed of
bacteria which have the power of absorb
ing free nitrogen from the air and present
ing it in available form for the plants.
Some years ago Dr. Wiley predicted the
farmer would soon be supplied by the
chemist's laboratory with the bacteria
suitable for growing his crops, and last
year a nitrifying ferment was produced
called "nitragin," which is sown on the
crops and greatly facilitates their growth.
The rapid advance of science in compre
hending nature's secrets promises such an
increase of man's dominion of the earth
that the next century may be bringing us
such a submission of matter to mind as
will make life royally rich to all but the
wicked ana the lazy. This new Knowl
edge of the chemistry of farming may be a
long step toward such scientific agriculture
as will make the means of sustenance so
abundant all men will have time for much
beyond the vror 1 ? of earn ng a living.
EXCLUDED.
It will be seen by our Oregon dispatches
of this morning that the trustees of the
library of Portland have excluded the Ex
aminer from that institution on the ground
that it is unfit to ba read. The state
ments of the trustees show tnat the action
was not taken hastily nor without due
consideration. Their attention having
been called to the character of the paper
by the procests against it in legitimate
journals, the trustees investigated it and
found that the charges were well founded
and that the Examiner is really too inde
cent to be allowed a place in their public
reading-room.
The action taken by tbe Portland library
is doubly satisfactory ina«much as it not
only puts the stamp of official condemna
tion on decadent journalism, but shows
that the earnest protests of legitimate
journals have had weight in impressing
upon the public mmd the extent of the
evil influence of such vile, vulgar and
venal publications. It is also gratifying
to learn that public opinion in Portland
strongly sustains the action of the trus
tees. The exclusion of the disreputable
sheet is everywhere approved, and ample
evidence is given that in Portland at any
rate the sensational sms and indecencies
o: decadent journalism are condemned as
they should be.
It is only a question of time when the
example set in Portland will be followed
elsewhere. It is indeed probable that bs
fore long such papers will be excluded
from the mails. The benefits which Son
Francisco and California would derive
irom such exclusion are many. The whole
State suffers from the foul and false
stories which the Examiner tends abroad.
It injures the repute of the City and the
State wherever it goes. It defames one haif
the people in order to corrupt the other
balf. The trustees of the Portland Library
have done well for California, therefore,
as well as for Portland in excluding the
slum journal from the reading-room and
the tiles.
WORK TOR THE PEOPLE.
President McKinley has shown a true
appreciation of the c ndition of the coun
try by stating in his ituuigura. address
that the responsibilities of the high office
he has assumed are augmented at the
present time "by the prevailing busi
ness conditions, entailing idleness upon
willing labor and loss to useful enter
prise." He has furthermore shown a
statesmanlike capacity in dealing with
the-te evils by the remedies which ne pro
poses for them.
Expressed in its simplest terms the
policy winch the President urges upon
Congress is the adoption of a tariff which
will furnish an adequate revenue to the
Government and afford work for the un
employed.
It is an illustration of McKinley's inter
est in American labor that in the course
of his address he gave more consideration
to the problem of giving employment to
American labor than to that of providing
a revenue for the Nation. Each is, of
course, important, ana the fact is well un
derstood by the President, but neverthe
less be devoted more of his address to the
welfare of the people than he did to the
National revenues. He knows that when
the home is prosperous the Republic is
prosperous, and that the best way to se
cure National welfare is to provide for the
personal prosperity of every industrious
citizen.
"The depression of the past four years,"
says the President, "has fallen with a spe
cial severity upon the great body of the
toilers of the country, and upon none
more than the holders of small farms.
Agriculture has languished and labor
suffered. 1 ' He urges therefore measures
which will promote the interests of the
farmers and secirre to labor the oppor
tunities of earning the wages to which it
is entitled. He strikes directly at the evil
which affects the country. He aims in a
broad National way to give work to the
unemployed.
It is evident that this is to be in the full
sense of the word a workingruan's ad
ministration. Us most careful thought
and its strongest energies will be direc ed
to procuring for the°An>prican working
man "an honest dollar and the chance to
earn it." To provide work for the work
ers will be the chief object of McKinley's
care. He has ever been known as the
champion of the workingznan, and with
proper support from Congress can be
counted on to do much to provide oppor
tunities for labor and to carry comfort
into every home.
What is done for the workers will be
done for the community at large. As the
President said in his inaugural address,
"Legislation helpful to producers is bene
ficial to all." His administration there
fore means first of all work for the work
ers, and secondly the improvement of
trade. These are the things the country
most needs, and every class and condition
of people may therefore rejoice in the ac
cession to office of the new aJministration,
and find gratification in the policy it has
outlined for the country.
THE AGEICULTUEAL OUTLOOK
At no time during the history of Cali
fornia has the agricultural outlook of the
Stat- been so completely dependent upon
the action of Coneress. Several years of
free trade in some lines of produce and of
a tariff so low on others that it is almost
equivalent to free trade have served to un
duly depress these lines, not only in Cali
fornia, but throughout the United States.
The wooi-crowers of the country have
been practically ruined, barley is away be
low what it ought to be selling for to-day,
dried fruits are too cheap for profitable
production, and so on down through a
list of productions, all of which are di
rectly or indirectly affected by the present
tariff.
Tnere never was a better outlook for the
farmer, as far as abundance of crops is
concerned, than at this moment. The
winter has been remarkably propitious.
It has been neither too wet nor too dry,
neither too cold nor too warm. The
farmer has had exceptional opportunities
for getting in his crops to the best advan
tage. As the result a vast acreage has
been sown to hay and grain and the plant
looks well everywhere. Fruit-growers
point to the remarkable showing of fruit
buds in their orchards.
If no unforeseen disaster occurs the out
put of the great grain and fruit staples
this year will be enormous. Nature i 3 do-
ing her part, and it only remains for Con
gress to perform its own in the matter to
bless the State with one of the most pros
perous years in its history, if Congress
places a reasonable tariff on those prod
ucts that need it the work is accom
plished.
An additional import duty of, say, 2
cents per pound on prunes makes no dif
ference to the average consumer, but it
means great rewards for the grower. Two
cents per pound means the payment of
his labor bills, material, taxes and inter
est. It represents the difference between
profit and loss. It means that he will Bell
his prunes at 4]4 cents per pound instead
of 2)4 cents, and that at the end of the year
he will find a satisfactory profit to show
for his investment. With the wool
grower the case is even more pronounced.
A suitable tariff on wool means to him
the difference between independence and
bankruptcy or between financial life and
death. It means the resuscitation of a
paralyzed industry. And so on down the
list.
The indications are that Coneress will
revise the tariff on these lines. If it does,
prosperity immediately smiles on the
California agriculturist. True, he is better
off to-day than his fellow-farmer of the
Eastern States, but times are not as good
with him as they were under a protective
tariff, and he knows it. Accordingly his
voice is heard in the land demanding pro
tection, and the chances are that he will
got it. If he does he again becomes the
most prosperous farmer in the world.
As for wheat, the outlook for this chief
staple is good. While no leading operator
will hazard an opinion as to future p-ic>B,
the general opinion among the best-posted
men in the trade is that win o quotations
may be lower during the harvest season
than they are now, nobody expects that
ihey will fall to the low level of eeveral
years ago. In other words, no intelligent
man in the trade expects to see wheat
again down to ttie cost of production for
some time to come. As to future quota
tions, it is merely a question as to per
centage of profit. At present values wheat
is a profitable crop.
Hence, as far as present indications go,
the agricultural outlook for California this
year is good. If Congress gives the farmer
his tariff it will he much better.
THE NEW tNGINEER.
At last we've got an engineer to run our "special"
tbrough!
His name is Bill McKmley; he's the man to do
it, too.
We'll have no more prolonged delays and smub
ups on ihe line.
For his haud ■* on the throttle and you'll ace he'll
run her line.
We'vi had four years of wretchedness and dis
aster worse than— well,
I won't say what I meant to say, for it wouldn't
do to tell
In print wh: t of those years I think; but, whoop!
we're off at last
With an engineer who knows the road, and the
long, dark tunnel's passed!
It marie me fnirly bubb c o'er to see the way we
ran
When we had the last old crew aboard, with that
frit, plg-headeo man
Who thnugnt ne owned the whole concern, from
the fireman to the boss.
*or he ran the train to suit himself, but he ran It
to our i oss.
Yes, I'm mighty glad there's been a change the
whole way 'long the line:
We know the station now we're for, and we'll get
t Mere, too, on time:
For the engineer we've got at last is tried and true
as steel,
fo, hurrali for Bill McKinley r Bay ain't that the
way you feel? O- K. Starb.
San Francisco, March 5.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Mother— What did you learn to-day at Sun
day-school ?
Cnlld— About Noah.
Mother— Can you remember who he was?
Child— He was a weather prophet. When he
said it was going to rain no one believed him.
"I hear that Mrs. Founstar's masquerade ball
was perfect in every detail."
"It was. Even the black head ducks on the
supper menu masqueraded as canvas-backs."
—Evening World.
Kean— lsn't your wife afraid to drive that
horse?
Steam— Not at all. It's the people she meets
who are scared.— Hartford Times.
"Is Scrymser progressive?"
'•Progressive? Wfcy, that fellow can tell
when his wife is going to make mince pie; he
always has the nightmare the night before."—
Chicago Record.
Mr. Higgfns— Molly, I guess you had better
be looking around for another girl. I don't
believe Deborah will remain with us much
longer.
Mrs. Higgins— Why,.what has given you that
idea?
Mr. HUgins— l looked into the kitchen just
now and saw her starting the fire with kero
sene.—Cleveland Leader.'
AROUND HE LORRiLOKS.
Judge Matthew F. Johnson of Sacramento,
who is presiding in Departments ol the Su
perior Court of this City while Judge Hunt is
in Sacramento trying the libel case of Gilman
agaitist the Daily Bee, is popular with the
members of the San Francisco bar. He has
the same gentle manner that characterizes
Judge Hunt's reign in Department 5, an t it is
said he can deny a motion for a continuance
or an immediate trial in a way that will ac
tually arouse a feeling of gratitude in the
breast of an average litigant, although an
average litigant Is almost universally con
ceded to be the most cantankerous and in
tractable kind of an individual Imaginable.
"We people of the capital city are well satis
fled with the growth and prosperity of our
community," said Judge Johnson yesterday.
"We watch with solicitude the extensive
JUDGE MATTHEW F. JOHNSON of Sacramento Considering a Motion for *"
Continuance.
building operations that are going on, and il
looks es it we are justified in the belief thai
there is a solid reason for hoping and expect
ing a continuance of the favorable conditions
now prevailing.
"To be sure few of our structures are over
threa stories In height, but we regard them
with the same pride that you metropolitan?
regard the new Call building that so sspir
inely pierces the clouds at the corner of Third
and Market streets.
"My wife and I were on X street the othet
day and she called my attention to the crowds
of well-dressed, busy people. We both re
marked that it looked as lively as Kearny
street on a pleasant afternoon.
•'Tne suburbs of Sacramento are increasing
in population and importance. The improve
ments in the Oak Park neighborhood have
been extensive and substantial during the
two years just past.
" Now that the racetrack and grounds of the
State Agricultural Society are to be cut up
into building lots and sold for private resi
dences the part of the city next to the Ameri
can River will also increase in population and
prosperity very rapidly. Governor Budd has
signed the law allowing the sale of this prop,
erty and streets will be cut through at once.
This will open E, F and G streets, and in addi
tion to opening up a delightful tract for new
homes will increase the value and accessibil
ity of the homes already established in that
vicinity.
"Outside the city there is a feeling of satis
faction with business prospects throughout
the county. The smaller towns are thriving
and the ianchers are doing as well as could
reasonably be expected, considering the un
favorable conditions that have prevailed for
several years throughout the Nation.
"Growth of the community necessitated the
establishment of a third department of the
Superior Court, and so the people chose Judge
Joe Hughes and Judge 'Lige Hart. You know
they call me Judge Matt Johnson in Sacra
mento. Your Judges down here, I suppose,
would obj 'Ct to that way— say Judge Hunt or
Judge Wallace or Judge Coffey or Troutt or
any of the others— but we are used to it and
don't kick. You see, Sacramento to a great
extent preserves the traditions and ethics of
the days oi '4!). That's why we all live to
gether something Ike the manner of a big
family, and if we have troubles of our
own they arc, after all, only family troubles.' 1
Judsre Johnson is accompanied by Mrs. John
son, who came with the hope and expectation
of a fortnight ot good weather, but it has
rained every day since her arrival. The lady
smiles somewhat regretfully as she speaks of
her interrupted pleasures, and thinks that so
far as amusement is concerned Sacramento is
equal to if not superior to San Francisco in
rainy weather.
SMALL-CALiBER RiFLES.
The adoption of the small -ca'.ibor maenzine
rifle by the different nations hrs been proba
bly the most marked change in infantry equip
ment of ihe past decade— in fact amounting
a most to a revolution. France initiated the
new movement, to be followed in rapid suc
cession by the other nations. This, with the
simultaneous adoption of smokeless powder,
has become a great factor in altering the
tactics not only of Infantry but of cavalry and
artillery as well, since tactical formations
must always depend primarily on the kind of
arm used by the enemy and by ourselves.
The new rifle gives a higher velocity to the
bullet and longer range. As a further result
of the Increased velocity we have a flatter
trajectory, which in turn has increased the
deadly zone to 400 ynrds, and the danger zone,
or space within wnich the bullet in its flight
does not rise ab>ve a man's head, is now thrice
that distance. At 7300 yards, or over four
miles, the bullets still have velocity enough to
cause severe injury.
But. possibly, the most marked effect at
tendant on the introduction of the new small
caliber arm is in the number of rounds carried
by the goldier. Where formerly the infantry
soldier could carry but seventy rounds, and
often went into battle with only twenty rounds
in his cartridge-box, he now carries 150
rounds or more. The German soldier on going
into battle will have on his person 200 rounds,
with 100 rounds more immediately available
in the ammunition train. This, combined
with the facility of rapid firing afforded by
the magazine principle, has greatly compli
cated the question of ammunition supply to
the line of battle.
Fra discipline, always so important, has
now become doubly so. Undisciplined or raw
troops are especially liable to waste their am
munition, and lack of ammunition wtfl doubt
less decide many battles in the future.
The Krag-Jortrensen rifle, with which the
army is now equipped, h-s a caliber of .30
inch, being about a medium between those of
other powers. The navy, in the selection of a
new arm, seems to have gone to an extreme in
the adoption of the Lee rifle with a caliber of
only .236 inch. The reason for the adoption
of a different caliber from that inuseinlhe
army is not apparent, especially ns grave
doubts exist whether in the .30-caliber the
limit has not been passed and a j oint reached
where ihe "stopping power" of the bullet has
Deen sacrificed to a reduction in weight find
increase of number of rounds to be carried
A resolution recently introduced Into Con
• gress is designed to threw light on the ques
tion.
It would seem that both army and navy
should not onlyjtiavo the samecaliber but the
same rifle. Occasions may easily arise where
in joint operations of Ihe army and navy It
may be necessary for one department to call
upon the other for a supply of arms and am
munition. The navy especially should always
be able to replenish iU supply of small-arm
ammunition at any of our coast forts, to the
vicinity of which its ves-eis would naturally
conic. The matter of uniform calibers and
ammunition for heavy guns afloat and ashore
is quite a d:flerent quo.-tion, but it is to be
hoped tnat the army and navy may soon agree
on the same caliber for small arms, as they
hava already decided on a uniform code of
signals by flag or otherwise-
It Is designed to make Fort Wadsworth, at
the entrance to New York harbor, a type fort.
Here will soon be installed a type system for
the control of heavy artillery fire.
The solution ot this problem, the import
lance of which in sea-coast defense is second
only to that of guns and forts, has been in
trusted to the Board on the Regulation of Sea
coast Artillery Fire. This board is composed
of artillery officers of the highest ability and
the subject has received the careful and pro
longed stuay which its importance demands.
The result will be a system of tactics for heavy
artillery designed to realize from the guns
their maximum effect in actiou.
The new Army Register for 1897 shows a
total of 2145 officers on the active list, divided
into 532 staff and 1613 line. The latter is
composed or 445 cavalrj-, 288 artillery and 880
infantry officers. Of the total number 31 are
"additional second lieutenants, graduates of
West Point, appointed in excess of the normal
number, and indue time to be appointed as
full second lieutenants.
Of the "old army" who served "befo' de
wah" GO still remain on the active list, while
46 officers appear as having served more than
twenty ytars in oue grade. Of ihese, 14 are
first lieu tenants of artillery, 6 of whom served
during the War of the Rebellion. Surely, pro
motion in the United States army in time of
peace is not so rapid as to be especially dtu
zling!
A new act of Congress authorizes officers now
In the regular service and who served in the
war of the rebellion to bear the title and on
occasions of ceremony to wear the uniform of
the highest rank held by them. At the termi
nation of the war many meritorious volunteer
officers were given commissions in the regular
service, but necessarily of a much lower grade
than in their volunteer service. General
Miles, now at the head of the army, after
serving as major-general of volunteers, was
made colonel of an infantry regiment. To
prevent contusion a law was finally passed
prohibiting an officer from using or being ad
dressed by any titie except that pertaining to
his actual rank. Owing to changes and pro
motions the new law will affect comparatively
few officers now in the service, but notably in
the case of a number of captains who will now
become "major" and of a few first lieutenants
of artillery who will henceiorth be entitled to
wear the gold ieai.
PERSONAL
F. R. Brown of Madera is In the City.
E. P. Borden ot Philadelphia is at the
Palace.
£. A. Bunce, a mining man of Alamo, is at
the Russ.
Dr. C. C. G'eaves of Dunsmuir arrived here
yesterday.
R. D. Church of Portland, Oregon, is at the
Occidental.
Howard Kinney of New York is a late arrival
at the Palace.
Ross Gulll of the lava beds, Modoc County,
is in the City.
J. F. Dennis, the well-known attorney of
Reno, is in the City.
A. B. Datgolz, a business man of Astoria,
Oregon, is in the City.
H. C. Anderson of London, and Mrs. Ander
son, are at the Occidental.
D. H. Hutchison, a business man of Marsh
field, Oregon, is at the Lick.
George E. Williams of Modoc County is
among the late arrivals here.
A. H. Moore and wife of Vallejo are regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Charles Merrill of San Jose is in the City and
staying at the Cosmopoitan Hotel.
A. \V. Colton of Toledo, Ohio, is ta the City,
accompanied by his wife and daughter.
Robert Nixon Jr. of the Yreka Journal ar
rived here yesterday, and is at the Grand.
W. j. Cooksey, a prominent business man of
Reno, Nev., is staying at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
Captain Henry GUss has been ordered to
take charge of the Mare Island Navy- Yard,
and will do so April 1.
Among the late arrivals here is Colonel W.
J. Sutherland of Nevuda, who has been several
months in the East and Europe. He was for
several years in the mines at Candelaria,
Nevada. He is at the Palace.
Rev. Dr. C. W. Clinton, Bishop of the African
M. E. Zton Church, arrived here yesterday.
He will r-robably remain on the Pacific Coast
several months. He is thirty-eight years old,
tne sou of slave parents, and entered the
church at the age ol twenty.
T. E. Davis of Bound Brook, N. J., the ad
vance agent of eighy or ninety Christian
Endeavorer3 of New Jersey, who want to at
tend the great convention here during the
coming summer, is at the Occidental. His
purpose in coming is to arrange quarters for
his people.
Attorney and ex-State Senator Frank Mc-
Gowan of this City left on yesterday's steamer
Pomona for his old home at Eureka, Cal.
where he will be lor several weeks engaged In
legal" battles. He is the retained attorney for
some of the leading redwood manufacturers of
the north, and he will appear In the large
damage suits, aggregating $500,000, acainsi
the A. Korbell Company, now pending in
Humboldt County.
ALIFOUNiANS N NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V.. March 6.— Dr. and Mn.
Kasuar I'i-chl arrived on the Allan from Bre
men. W. L. Lock eft the Plaza to sail on the
Umbria. At the Plaza, S. W. Anderson ; 1'm,,,!
Squire, C. A. s-umiier; Hoffman— S. Biume, !■;.
11. Lynch. 6. Stout; Sinclair, J. E. Maso:i;
HolULd, Mr. Maddox; St. Denis, Mrs. £.
French; CoatnopollUtn, K. Curueil; Urand
Union, Mrs. C. E. Henzfll; Aotor, P. L. Ko
ci nowski ; Sturtevaot, H. il. Mears; Metropoli
tan, N\ G. Price.
THANKS L.UE F iHtK YORKE
. V: : -.;
San Francisco Voice of Labor.
Father Yorkc should have the thanks of all
good citizens for his manly denunciation of
the it ze-tight to take place on St. Patrick's
day at Carson, Nov.
• E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street
:Ji i i''-^'" '■: '■' — — ■
Icecream and cakes. Guillei's, 905 Larkin. •
* — ♦ — • —
Totynsen'D's Cal. glace fruit. Palace Hotel bldg.*
■ • — ♦ — •
New designs in fire-etched boxes. Townsend's. *
• — «> — •
Sir Arthur Sullivan has composed a new
Victorian ballet, for which h» is to receive
$10,000. His "Mikado" is soon to be pro.
duced in Brussels for the first time in French.
Ppectal inlorinauon daily to raanufactarari.
business bouses and public men by the Fran
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
* — ♦ — •
Bishop Quintnrd of Tennessee was in the
Confederate army, and his first work after the
war was to plant a cross on Sewanee Moun
tain, where. the University of the South after
ward rose through his energy.
; -■.""■■ * ■ . .
— — .
"The Overland Limited "—Only Threo
and a Half Days to Chicago.
The Vnion Paclfl? !s the only line running Pu!!
man double drawing-room and tourist sleeperi
and dining-cars, San Francisco to Chicago daily
without change. Buffet, smoking and library cars,
Ogden to Chicago. Tickets and sleeping-car reser
vations at 1 Montgomery at. D. W. llHcacoc*,
General Agent, t-an Francisco.
• — ♦ — •
Any one troubled at niyht with a persistent
cough can procure much-needed res; by talcing a
dose of Ayer's Cherry Pectoral.
♦— ♦ — •
If afflicted with sore eyea use Dr. Isaac Tliomp
son'3 Eye Water. Druggists sell it at 25 ceats.
• — ♦ — •
Bismarck's Boswell, Herr Moritz Busch,
studied theology, but in 1848 went into poii
tics as a violent Democrat, came to tne United
States about the same time as Carl Schurz,
ana for a short time filled the pulpit of a (ier.
man church.
JfEW TO-DAY.
HANDSOME PRESENTS.
PRETTY PRESENTS.
DAINTY PRESENTS.
USEFUL PRESENTS.
FREE
1;/-' -r.VJB jfeIfItWEBTTWIJUMI 'A.V^tkr-T^»Ti
WITH YOUR
Teas, Coffees, Spices.
FREE 50C PURCHASE.
WITH OUC PURCHASE.
EACH HI lIIMHM - 1
Your Choice of the Following:
1 Meat Platter, white.
3 Plates, decorated.
1 Coffee Cup and Saucer.
1 Majolica Pitcher.
1 Yellow Mixing Bowl.
1 Chrysanthemum Egg Cup.
1 Windflower Cup and Saucer.
1 Crystal Glass Jelly Dish.
--.v 1 Crystal Glass Spoon Holder.
1 Crystal Glass Cream Pitcher.
2 White Cups and Saucers.
1 Bohemian Bud Vase.
1 Chrysanthemum Oyster Bowl.
1 White Scalloped Bowl.
1 White Table Bowl.
3 Table Tumblers. ' •
2 Harvest Dessert Plates.
2 Table Goblets.
1 Fancy Fruit Plate.
1 Fancy Cup and Saucer.
6 Fancy Bisque Hatching Eggs.
FREE (h| 00
WITH a)!,-— PURCHASE.
EACH HBao:
1 Fancy Engraved Vinegar Bottl«.
1 Salad Bowl,- Windflower.
1 Bisque Flower Holder.
1 Meat Platter, Chrysanthemum.
1 Vegetable Dish, Windflower.
2 Cups and Saucers, Windflowtr.
1 Rose Bowl, fancy.
1 Milk Pitcher, Windflower.
1. Coffee Cup and Saucer, fancy.
1 Muffin Pan, 12 ring.
3 Breakfast Plates, decorated.
3 Cups and Sauxers, decorated.
1 Syrup Pitcher, crystal.
1 Cup and Saucer, mustache.
: 1 Mush Set, Chrysanthemum.
1 Card Basket, Bohemian. '
6 Table Tumblers, crystal.
1 Sugar and Cream Set, fancy.
1 Cake Stand, crystal.
3 Egg Cups, Chrysanthemum.
. 4 Table Goblets, crystal.
FREE Cb^ cf\
WITH &J,. 22L PURCHASE
EACH
1 Jardiniere, fancy.
1 Berry Set, complete.
6 Cups and Saucers, decorated.
1 Claret Set, crystal glass.
1 Tea Pot, fancy china.
6 Pudding Bowls, Chrysanth'm.
• 1 Bisque Vase, fancy.
6 Dinner Plates, Windflower.
12 Knives and Forks.
1 Water Pitcher, Windflower.
1 Butter Dish, decorated.
1 Tea Pot, Windflower.
6 Egg Cups, Chrysanthemum.
1 Salad Bowl, Chrysanthemum.
1 Cuspidor, fancy china.
1 Table Set, crystal.
1 Orange Bowl, crystal.
Many Other Useful Articles.
1 A3 20) 25 3Oi 35 40> 50p 60c a , b#
1 .FfV? 20, 25. 30, 35, 40, 50, 60c ■ Ib.
tUrrbbb , 5 20,25, 30. 35, 40calb.
oPICtb 10, 15, 20, 25,30, 35, 40c a can
BEST QUALITY. i%\< N^Y
-OR-
LOW-ST PR 'CHS, PRTUPNRD.
OPERATING 100 STORES
Enables Us to Treat Our Customers
With Extra Liberality.
Great Aißiicanlfflprlißi Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. ' 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. 318 Ihlrd st.
■4* Sixth st. aooB Flllmore st.
617 Kearny st. . , . , 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth St.
01 Montgomery anl. 104 Second st.
Si 3 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st.
52 Market St. (Headquarters), S. P.
waj Washington it. 616 E. Twelfth st.
UI San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, OaJdUt
I - 13 5 Park st., AUmtda.DR. ANDERSON'S NEW BOOK. i
KARMA. A STUDY OF THIS LAW OF CATJSE
ASDEFFEUI- By Jerome A. Anderson, M.1).,
F.T.S. Published by The Lotus Publishing
Company, 1170 Market street, San Francisco.
Price $1.
"From the blossoming of a daisy to the up
heaval of a continent everything is law-gov
erned." If one were lorced to condense to a
single simple sentence the entire purport of
Dr. Anderson's new book, "Karma," he could j
scarcely do better than quote the foregoing
words,- taken from page 29. And then, if a
very brief and comprehensive explanation of
this law were demanded, one could, with ad
vantage, quote again irom the same page:
"And the effects seen are either harmonic or
are but the effort of nature to restore disturbed
harmonic conditions." One might go further,
were it necessary, and say that "Karma" seeks
to show that "All is governed by law."
Cause and effect is- one definition of karma,
but hardly a complete one, for the Western
world knows the law of cause and effect merely
as a physical law. Science itself will not dis
pute that ''the blossoming of a daisy" or "the
upheaval of a continent" is under the law of
cause and effect. But here science and the
Western world halt, while the author of
"Karma" and a good many other thoughtful
men and women go several steps farther and
declare that the law of cause and effect is con
scious, though insensible and impersonal; that
it rules upon all planes of nature, animate and
inanimate, physical, mental, psychic and spir
itual; that it deals exact justice to every being,
though there be thousands of years between
the sowing of the cause and the reaping of the
effect ; that it is greater than love, because love
can only be known by contrast with hate; that
it is more compassionate than mercy, because
exact justice is the greatest compassion; that
it is Infinite, unfallng and extends beyond time
and eternity, being the law of an uncognizable
God, around whose pavilion there is eternal
darkness to mortal ken.
Karma is a good English word now and has
corqe into all the new dictionaries. It came
in about the time that the word "altruism"
began to be recognized by the lexicographers.
And though the two words have none or but
scant philological relationship they go hand
in hand and are used much by the same class
of writers. The author of "Karma" uses "al
truism" often, and seeks to show that only by
a thorough understanding of the nature of the
former can the ideals oi the latter be e\^n ao
proximately attained. In its truest sense al
truism means brotherhood, and brotherhood
Is but a sentiment, says the author, to those
who do not realiz3 that men are brothers in
fact because they are but aifferentiatled rays of
the divine and conscious whole.
Ttie author of "Karma," it need scarcely be
said, is a theosopuist of high standing and
also a director in the School for the Revival of
the Lost Mysteries of Antiquities, at Point
Loma. Being a theosophist his explanation
cf the manifested universe is: The result of
an external differentiation forever taking place
within Absolute Unity, that which differen
tiates being Its two great aspects, conscious
ness and substance.
Under the law of karma (known on the
pliysicnl plane as the law of cause and effect
this differentiation takes plac •- And there is
nothing outside of Absolute Unity nor noth
log beyond the range of karma. Hence there
Is nothing outside of nature, nothing can be
6upen.atural or beyond nature and nothing
cp.ii happen that is not the effect of an ade
quate cause.
To those familiar with only Western thou?nt,
logic, philosophy and religions, it is difficult
to perceive the justice or the adequate cause
under.ying the hard luck and seemingly unde
served misfortune that follows John Smith
through life, or the good luck and smiling for
tune that ever waits upon the career of such a
hard-hearted, unscrupulous man as Thomas
Smith.
But the author does not find the same dif
ficulty in the treatment of his subject, for ho
declares that man lives many lives on this
earth and that the condition which John
Smith find? himself in now is but the result of
the acts and thoughts of his previous life. It
does not follow, of course, that John Smith
was necessarily an evil man in his last liie; it
may only be :hat he neglected to round out
certain portions of his character which are
now being filled in by his pn-sent experi
ences. This is reincarnation, and — It may oe
stated as well first as last— that unless one can
accept the rationale of reincarnation, one can
scarcely see the eternal fitness of things in
Karma. For on the face of things the worid is
unjust, and only to those who are willing to
uk* more than a cursory view of life will the
law that "Whatsoever a man soweth thatsbali
he also reap" become a practicable and guid
ine truth.
"Karma," from a literary standpoint, is the
best of Dr. Anderson's works, and tliat is say
ing a good deal for the artistic merit of it.
Though philosophical it is not abstruse, and
there is much good taste and earnest elo
quence in the composition. It will doubtless
be' read and valued by many more than those
who may agree with all it premises.
J. H. G.
LIFE ON THE OCEAN WAVE.
OX MANY SEAS-By Frederick Benton Wil
liams The iUcmiKan Company. -New York.
Price $1 SO. For »a!e by Wlliam Doxr-y, Palace
Hotel, C :y, the Emporium iiook Department
and nit books-ores.
"A sailor's life, by a sailor." These half
dozen words form an exact estimate of a book
recently published by the Macmillan Com
pany of New York and entitled "On Many
Seas." The adventures 'herein narrated read
so much like the record of past events that
one would almost ike to take them us history;
but fact or fiction "Oa Many Seat." is one of
the best nautical stories we have read in
years, and its author and editor are to be
congratulated upon having furnished the
reading public with something breezy in that
class oi literature, where it is exceptionally
difficult to find novel and entertaining
matter.
There are not many who can tell a pleasing
•tory, like this, in the first person, but the few
who can are able thus to throw a charm of
vivid actuality about tne tale which makes us
heed with a more lively attention than can be
aroused by any other method of telling, which
is like hearsay evidence compared to tne testi
mony of one wh j has seeu und heard, and
knows. Tne rightful aud deep dislike of ego
tism produces, by an association of ideas, a
prejudice which makes it difficult, even in
fiction, to use the pronoun "1" without of
fense, but when we find a talker or a writer
with the rare gifi of so using n that our in
terest in the story makes all thought of ego
tism sink out of mind, how close to
our lives his story comes. "This with
my own eyes I saw; thus in my
own heart I fe.t; through such experiences I,
a human like as you are, actually passed."
These ar3 moving considerations, and our
gympatny, when adventures are so narrated,
takes us out of ourselves to follow the nar
rator through the thrilling scenes. So it is in
this tale of a life spent "On Many Seas." end
Euch may in part explain the book's sudden
success. It was electrotvped in December,
1896, and in February, 1897, a second edition
was printed.
The style of telling this story is unostenta
tious; It is simplicity itself. The editor
of the booi, William Stane Booth, had
often listened with great pleasure to the sea
man telling the disconnected yarns, and r.fter
a good deal of persuasion got him to write
them all down ia Ms own words. Tae editor' c
task was merely one of elimination to get
them into a book of reasonable size.
The seaman, Williams, seems t> have been
born with a disposition to rove. He was but a
child when his father moved to New York,
and the first thing tho youngster did was to
disobey the injunction to stay close at home,
anJ he started out on a trip to inspect the big
city and of course got lostf Instead of going
to the polic? for aid, he had a terror of them
and ran away whenever one came near him.
When he got a little older he took a dislike to
his stepmother and fled to Maine to try the
fa-ciuations of farm life.
He soon found there was no romance in that
and decided ;o go to sea. The overpowering
motive in his first resolve to leave the f aim
was that a young companion proposed that
they run away, and Williams did not want to
shirk anything thut seemed to require nerve
to do. The boys balKed in their first effort to
getaway. A kind uncle persuaded Williams
to go back and consult his father before ha
went to s;a. When he got home his mother
in-law greeted him with the affectionate ex
clamation, "Well, what in the world did you
come back for ?" This m«nner of welcoming
him home made him Btill more determined to
put to sea.
He first shipped on a little schooner bound
for Feruandina, Ha. In the captain of this
boat he found a man who would not keep a
youngster hungry fcr adventures long in de
privation. Tnere was soon a great gale bow
inn and the steward gave Williams the cheer
ing news that if the wind did not moderate or
shiit the young sailor's carcass would be roll
ing in the surf before another morring
dawned. The captain met the challenge of the
breeze by hoisting more sail, and made the
little schooner leap more than half her length
out of ;he water ever time she rose on a sea.
He made her dance, and at every plunge she
would bury nor bowsprit, "and the water in
the lee was as green as it was over the side. "
Williams overheard the mato say to the cap
tain, "If you don't take some of this sail off
her she will start a butl and go down like a
stone." The bold skipper gave this prompt
reply, "And if Ido take any of it off her she
wiil wrecjc on Hatteras before 10 o'clock to
night; she is hardly holding her own now.
No, sir; if she can't live through this breeze
let her go to h flying."
Such is the adventurous start of our young
hero on a seafaring career, and this vigorous
swing to his story-telling is well sustained
throughout, as with varied fortune ne voy
aees over many seas. Ho made up his mind
I in the beginning to become a captain, but
when he thought of all he would have to
learn it made him "iired beforehand." Down
j on the Florida coast the ship's cook became
I disabled and the captain made Williams cook.
[ Wlien he objected, the captain assured him
j that a cook was an officer on board a ship, and
it was an honor to hold that position.
Williams went at it with a vigor, and was
soon grease and soot from head to foot; but
tne meals were never ready on time nor fit to
eat when they were ready. One day a big
Swede came to the kitchen bringing a sample
biscuit, which he complained was more fit for
a deep sea lead that for human food. Our hero
was nor, tired, dirty, disgusted. In language
more emphatic than polite he requested the
Swede to travel to I'luto's realm. "You tell
me that, you dirty swab," said the Swede, and
he put his foot inside the galley door.
Williams knew that the cook's galley was
his castle, and he grabbed the potato-masher
and made a lick intended to mash the in
vader's head; but by a lurch, lucky or un
lucky, of the schooner, the missile failed of its
mark. A few days a;ter the disagreement the
big Swede, who had in the interval made up
with Williams, came to the galley door with his
tin plate, and as it was a very cold morning
he asked that the cook have something hot
for him when he came from the wheel.
The cook told him all right, and when he
heard him coming for his breakfast he put a
Bhovelful of fire in his pan and covered it with
a tin pie-plate. When the hungry Swede en
tered Williams set the hot plates on his two
open palms. Then there was war again.
There is an interesting description of the
way in -^hica the trained elephants in the
East pile lumber and are bossed by a big ele
phant foreman, who carries a short chain to
punish those in his gang who disobey the
rules. And there is a good yarn of the East
ern seas about one Mike, au American sailor,
who was wrecked with a lot oi Portuguese.
Far out at sea iv an open boat he could hear
the starving aliens talking suspiciously in a
tongue uukoown to him, and he fancied they
eyed him with an appetite for American meat
that grew ever keener and keener as the pass
ing hours made the pangs of hunger more im
perative.
Years afterward, it is related, Mike would
have nightmare dreams of this terrible inci
dent in his life, and Williams gently hints a
suspicion that there was some norror con
nected with the escape which Mike never
confessed. Could it be possible that the
time-honorea custom of casting lots in such
emergencies was resorted to and that Mine eat
one of the I'ortuguese who had beeu watch
ing him so hungrily?
Tbese are brief samples of his rich experi
ences, but the telling of amusing yarns is not
the sole excellence of the book. There is a
splendid description of an encounter with
icebergs in the Antarctic seas and a thrilling ■
escape from being crushed between colliding:
ice mountains that loomed up tail as the sky.
LIFE'S SHADOWS.
GOD'S FAILTJRES-By J. 8. Fletcher. John
Lane. New Yor* and London. Price *1 'J5. tor
■a.c by William Doiey, Palace Hotel, City.
This little book contains a number 01 short,
sad sketches of lives whose usefulness or hap
piness has been wrecked. There is an ad
mirable brevity in the way these tragedies
present their leading features and the lesson
they teach is quickly grasped. The warning
to those who by their evil deeds hurt not only
themselves but others is given with much
force, but there is a tcne to the book which
gives the impression that the writer attributes
all the wrong of these failures to the first
movers in evil, who put pain upon those
who tave been honest, kind and true.
There 'is no hint of blame for those who
weakly and willfully refuse to bear in a proper
spirit the burden of unhapplness thrust upon
them by the misdeeds of others, and thus per
baps criminally permit their lives to become
wrecked from mere lack of fortitude, which
would have carried them through the rough
est day to a usefulness and happiness beyond
the trial.
' A STRANGE STORY.
WEIGHED I.V THE - BBLANCE-By Harry
lender. John Lane, London and .New York.
Price *1 50. for sale by ill ism Doxey, Palace
Hotel. City.
This is the story of a strange, strong,
wicked and unhappy life, ostensibly written
by a father to record his experiences for the
benefit of his Illegitimate son. He starts out
by telling the son that upon the mimic stage
the villain is seldom permitted to give a ver
sion of hi:> misdeeds, but now that his band is
on-the curtain that shrouds the unknown he
wishes to trace each action to Its Impulse and
write the history of a soul which is lost, that
he might weigh his life as in a balance. The
father ° has been a lifelong ' infidel, but he is a
firm believer in ;] the religion of right and
wrong, although ho most grievously tell from
It. He is a very capable man and begins his
life with noble aspirations to benefit mankind,
and he makes neroic Sacrifices of fortune
for humanity. Later lie ' becomes a man ' of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
BOOKS
AND
BOOKMARKERS
CLEVER VERSES BY CURRENT NEWSPAPER RHYMESTERS.
If This Were Faith.
God, if this were enough,
That I gee things bare to the buff,
And up to the buttocks in mire;
That 1 ask nor hope nor hire.
Nut in the husk,
Nor dawn beyond the dusk,
Nor life oeyond death ;
God, if this wert) faith?
Having felt thy wind in my face
Sptt sorrow and disgrace,
Having seen thine evil doom
In Golgotha and Khartoum,
And the bruteo, the work of thine hands,
Fill with injustice lands,
And stain with blood the sea;
If still in my veins the glee
Of the black night and the sun
And the lost battle run;
If, an adept.
The iniquitous lists I still accept
With joy, and joy to endure and be withstood,
And still t" battle and perish for a dream of
good;
God, if that were enough?
If to feel, in the ink of the slough,
And the sink of the mire,
Veins of glory and fire
Run through and transpierce and transpire,
And a secret purpose of glory In every part,
And the answering glory of battle fill my
heart;
To thrill with the Joy of girded men,
To go on forever and fail, and go on again,
And be mau'.ed to the earth and arise,
And contend for the shade of a word and a
thing not seen with the eyes;
With the half of a broken hope for a pillow at
night
That somehow the right Is the right
And the smooth shall bloom from the rough;
Lord, if that were enough?
Robert Louis Stevenson, the Athenaeum.
A Dreamer.
He is a dreamer; let him pass.
He reads the writing In the grass;
His seeing soul in lapture goes
Beyond the beauty of the rose.
He is a dreamer and doth know
To sound the furthest depth ot woe;
pleasure, but soon tires of that and goes to
work.
But It is unscrupulous work to amass a for
tune. He succeeds, but he finds no happiness.
The condensed substance of what his book
conveys to his son is that there is but one
creed for men, tne cardinal principle of all
faiths, unobscured by superstition or ritual—
the religion of right and wrong. "Think care
fully and you will be unable to discover any
act of sin which is not a violation of a fellow
creature's rights." To strive to live without
thus sinning be tells his son is life's problem.
This religion of life sought to be impressed
upon the son for whom the story purports to
be written is good enough so far as it goes, but
it does not go near far enough. It acknowl
edges no obligations of worship and love to
the Supreme Being, which is the greater part
of religion. That is the first and great com
mandment. The otber one taught by this
book is like unto it, but it is only secondary,
and to seek to separate it from its companion
and greater law and have It stand alone as a
guide to life is false philosophy.
thackeray~amT hutton.
In the March St. Nicholas Laurence Hutton
says of his boyhuod meeting with the great
English novelist:
The Boy, in his time, has bean brought in
contact with many fam >u» men and women,
Dut upon nothing n his whole experience
does he look back with greater satisfaction
than upon his slight intercourse with the first
great man he ever knew. Quite a little lad, he
was staying at the Pulaski House in Savannah,
in 1853— perhaps it was in 1855— when hin
father told him to observe particularly the old
gentleman, with the spectacles, who occupied
a seat at their table in the public dining-room;
for, he said.the time woold come when The Boy
would be very proud to say th>it he had brcak
faMed nnd d.ned and supped with Mr.
Thackeray, lie had no idea who or what Mr.
THE AUTHOR OF "ON MANY SEAS."
His days are calm, mnj?stic, free;
lie is a dreamer, let him be.
He is a dreamer; all the day
Blest visions tind him on his way
Past the far sunset and the light.
Beyond the darkness and the night
He is a dreamer. God ! to be
Apostle of Infinity,
And mirror truth's translucent gleam;
Hi is a dreamer, let him dream.
He is a dreamer; for all time
His mind U married unto rhyme.
Light that ne'er was on land or sea
Hath blushed to him in poetry.
He is a dreamer aud has caught
Close to his heart a hope, a thought,
A hope of immortality ;
He is a dreamer, let him be.
He is a dreamer. Lo! with thee
His soul doth weep in sympathy;
He is a dreamer and doth long
To glad tho world with happy song.
He is a dreamer; in a breath
He dreams of love, and life and death.
Oh, man! Oh woman ! lad or lass,
He is a dreamer, let him pass.
T. P. O'Connor's London Sun. ■
The Whale and the Creed.
Religious fights I always did bewail;
'Tis something that I never take a start in.
I hate to see good people rant and rail
Of things on which no one should feel too
"sartin."
So this dispute ' twin Jonah and the whale
It's hard to see bow one can take much
heart in,
And get his feelings all torn up and nettled
About a thing that never can be settled.
I have a friend as old as he can be;
His legs are wobbly and his head is hoary —
Who in a thuusand ways has shown to me
A faith implicit in the Jonah story;
His old wife with him scarcely can agree;
She says it is an ancient allegory,
And he. in peace, permits his wife to doubt it,
Though years ago they quarreled some about it.
The Bible is a book that I adore
For precepts found within its sacred pages.
Oft when I'm sad I turn its pages o'er
And readthe record of departed sages;
Thackeray was; but his father considered him
a great man, and that was enough for The
Boy. He did pay particular attention to Mr.
Thackeray with his eyes and his ears, and one
morning Mr. Thackeray paid a little attention
to him of which he is proud indeed. Mr.
Thackeray took The Boy between his knees
and asked his name, and what he intended to
be when he grew up. Ha replied, -"A farmer,
sir." Why, he cannot imagine, for he never
had the slightest inclination toward a farm
er's life. And then Mr. Thackeray put his
gentle hand upen The Boy's little red head
and said, "Whatever you are, try to Oe a good
one."
If there is any virtue in the laying on of
hands The Boy can only hope that a little of
it has descended upon him.
And whatever The Boy is. he has tried for
Thackeray's sake "to be a good one."
HERE AND THERE.
Mr, Stead, determined on introducing jrood
verse to poor readers with penny publications,
has issued Matthew Arnold's "Forsaken Mer
man."
The Academy finds fault with what are
called "cross headings." In the journalistic
craft "cross headings" are lines of small
capitals wh.ch break up the long columns of
matter. In a poem tnose "cross headings''
would be singularly out of place. Suppose one
were t© subject Longfellow's "Excelsior" to
this kind of chopping up into bits, as "The
Flag He Carried." "The Sort of Man He Was,"
"What the Old Chap Said," "The Maiden Does
the Talking," "Where the Dog Comes In,"
and, finally, "What He Shouted."
How indescribably funny Is that idea of
Charles Lamb which Thomas Hood remem
bered and described. The subject was about
the strange notions some very matter-of-fact
people lorm of the jgys of heaven. Charles
But matters in dispute, alas, no more
My wayworn and distracted mind engages
Like Jonah and the whale and Noah's landing
And things that tax my feeble understanding.
I read instead what I can understand.
The story of a Father's love, undying.
The promise of anotner, better land
Beyon i this vale of pain and want and
sighing,
A mansion in a city great and grand,
The glory of man's highest art outvying,
Where wickedness can come to torture never
And weary souls can rest in peace forever.
And while I don't bank much on any creed
And doctrines taught by schools ecclesiastic,
I gather comfort from the things I read ;
It makes my heart more mellow-like and
plastic.
I cannot follow where some teachers lead,
Nor take their theologic potions drastic;
And this is all my creed, awake or sleeping,
The Lord is good, and I am in his keeping.
— Nebraska State Journal.
Mari J^lagno.
Wild Is the sea and dark when night befalleth,
In unknown tongues breaker to breaker
caileth;
With murmurs as of menace and foreboding
Groan the black waves beneath the grim
wind's goading.
Yet passing lights may shine with friendly
seeming,
And from the pharos tower long rays are
streaming;
And songs of mnriner9 are blithe to hall
The rising anchor or tne spreading sail.
There is another sea which no man knoweth,
W'nereon with merchandise no captain goeth;
Unfathomed, uniilumined, and uncharted,
Whence never ship returns of all that started.
Yet where the distance darkens ever dimmer,
Dost thou not far discern a golden glimmer?
And down the fitful night-wind faintly
ringing,
Hearest thou not a strange triumphant
singing?
—Pall Mall Gazette.
Lamb said : "There are persons who place the
whole angelic beatitude in the possession of a
pair of wings to flap about with, like a sort of
celestial poultry."
There is a French journal called l'Enclos,
which is the *>rgan of the Jeunes, or ot the
young writers who wish to push the old fel
lows off the track. The journal is distributed
gratuitously.
Brander Matthews and Francis Wilson
tested the postofflce system of the whole
world lately, says the Book Buyer, by address
ing a letter thus:
MARK TWAIN,
GOD KISOWS WHERK. •
It reached the person for whom it was in
tended after traveling from San Francisco to
Australia before finding Mr. demons in Lon
don. This story suggests another told by a
classmate of Robert Lincoln at Cambridge.
When Abraham Lincoln was running for Presi
dent numberless portraits ot him were pub
lished in newspapers all over the country.
Robert cut out one of these pictures and
pasted it nn the outside of an envelope which
contained a letter to his father. The letter
reached Abraham Lincoln without losing a
mall, so familiar was the postoffoie clerk with
the face represented in the woodcut.
Poetry does not always spell profit in the
dollar sense. William Morris left $225,000,
but he only made $25,000; the re»t fie had in
herited. Tennyson left $236,000, most of his
own earnings. Browning left $85,000, Sir
Henry Taylor $35,000, Matthew Arnold only
$5000, Christian Rossetti $65,000, Professor
Blakie $20,000, Dante Gabriel Rossetti
$25,000, Charles Mackay $13,000. The rich
est poet of our time was Longfellow, who
made and leit a fortune of $350,000.
LITERARY NOTES.
Mr. Glad«tone is about to bring out a second
series of books made up from his occasional
writings. Ti.e first volume will appear in the
spring.
F. Tennyson Neely has just published a
paper-covered edition oi Captain Charles
King's '-Fort Frayne," of the cloth edition of
which, he states, nine editions were sold
within a year.
During her stay in England Miss BeatriC9
Harraden will see through the press her Cali
fornia story, "Hilda Strafford," which ran
through Blackwood's Magazine last year.
Messrs. B'.ackwood will be the publishers in
this country, ani the volume will be issued
by them this month. The American edition,
published by Dodd, Mead & Co., Boston, will
appear at the same time.
Ouida has written a book called "The Mes
sarenes," which is said to be a new departure
for this clever, if eccentric, writer. The hero
cf the story emigrates to America, where he
accumulates a fortune by more or less ques
tionable means and returns to England to
spend it. The efforts of the millionaire and
his wife to buy their way into society are said
to be handled with a scathing pen.
We have received from the publisher, A. W.
Voorsanger, a copy of the Pacific Jewish An
nual. The work contains a good deal of in
formation touching communal institutions
founded by Hebrews of the Pacific Coast.
There are also added the usual calendar, list
of festivities, etc. The annual will be found
of considerable interest to members of the
Jewish faith resident in the State or upon the
coast. It is issued from the office of Emanu-El.
We learn that since the middle of November
last over 120,000 copies of J. M. Barrle's books
have been sold in England and the United
States, 100,000 of these being "Sentimental
Tommy" and "Margaret Ogilvy." It is said
that the sale of the latter book Jn England Is
only restricted by the difficulty In reproducing
the etched frontispiece portrait of Margaret
Ogilvy, which is printed in Paris and cannot
be supplied quickly enough to meet the de
mand for the book.
When "Tess of the D'Ubervllles" \ras first
published, it was generally agreed that it
contained material for a fine play. With the
author's consent, the play has been made by
Lorimer Stoddard, son of Richard Henry
Stoddard, who has done considerable literary
work already, and has had what many theat
rical managers regard as almost indispens
able in a writer for (he stage— experience as
an actor. It will soon be produced In New
York by Mrs. Minnie Maddern Fiske, who will
appear in the title role.
The London Bookman says: "We understand
that the Clarendon Press are meditating a
groat and worthy enterprise, no iesa than a
complete and magnificent edition of the Brit
ish classics. The volumes will be produced in
sumptuous form, and as far as possible the
editing will be final. It is 100 soon as yet to
give exact particu ars, but It w'.ll be generally
felt that the Clarendon Press is taking a step
worthy of its greatest traditions in giving a
fittine and permanent form to tho classics of
Britain."
"Tatterley. the Story of a Dead Man." is th©
title of a novel by a new writer, T. Gallon,
which is to appear shortly in Appleton'sTown
and Country Library. This curious and strik
ing story takes the reader out of the beaten
track of current fiction, and any prototype
which is suggested belongs to an earlier time.
The book will be found intensely interesting,
very vivid in its pictures of avarice and love,
the meaner pnssiona and the noblest senti
ments, and American readers are likely to
jun English critic 1 !; in predicting a brilliant
future for this new and talented writer.
The "College Yearbook," which Stone &
KimDall announced for publication last De
cember, has been delayed, and is now to be
issued. The delay was caused by the exceed
ing difficulty of collecting so varied a num
ber of interesting facts about the colleges of
America, including not only full lists of the
faculties of each institution, but the records
of the athletic and other contests, as well as
college societies, which go to ninko up this
volume. The book makes, altogether, about
600 pages, and will be of great interest not
only to students and instructors, but to those
preparing their sons and daughters for Col
lege.
Graduate Conrses, 1897-98, is the third issue
of a very valuable annual, which sets forth
compactly, bo that comparisons are easily
made, the special opportunities which our atf
ierent American universities offer to grad
uate students and specialists. Complete
lists of graduate courses to be offered
in all the leading universities, together
with statement of requirements for
degrees and for admission to advanced stand
ing; the fees asked of graduate students; the
scholarships or fellowships open to them; the
library or laboratory facilities; the numbers
of graduate students already connected with
each university— all of these things are con
cisely stated in these pages, so that it is offered
to ever.- intending student as a valuable
source of information.
Messrs. Houghton, Miffln & Co., Boston, an
nounce for early publication: "The Bpoilsof
Poynton," a novel, by Henry James; "Greek
Art on Greek Soil," by Professor J. M. Hoppin
of Yale; "The Liquor Problem in Its Legisla
tive Aspect"; "The Trans-Atlantic Chate
laine," by Helen Choate Prince, author of
"The Story of Christine Rochefort"; "The
Chief Knd of Man," by George S. Merriam;
"Hymns and Sonnets," by Eliza Scudder, with
an introduction by Horaca £. Scudder; the
following volumes in the Riverside Literature
series: "Macaulay's Essays on Johnson and
Goldsmith," "Macaulay's Essay on Milton,"
"Macaulay's Life and Times of Addison," all
edited by Profes-sor W. P. Trent, and "Car
lyle's Essay on Burns," edited by G. K. Noves,
and "The Complete Poetical Works of James
Russell Lowell," in the Cambridge edition, in
one volume, with notes, indexes, biographical
sketch, portrait and a view of Elmwood.
Following are 6ome recent announcements
of forthcoming publications by the Roycroft
Printing Shop, East Aurora, New York:
"Upland Pastures," by Adeline Knapp, a se
ries of short outdoor essays dealing with the
betfutiiul things that spring and summer
bring. Five hundred copies on Dickinson's
rough English paper, bound in antique
boards, $2 each; forty copies on Japan
vellum— hand illumined by Bertha C. Hub
bard— $5 each, ready for delivery March 15.
"Love Ballads of the Sixteenth Century,"
ready April 15; the book will bo on rough
Dekel edge paper in the highest style of the-
Roycroft art, and will contain about 200
pages, bound stoutly in antique boards, price
$2, express prepaid. "In the Track of the
Book Worm."j by Irving Browne; thoughts,
fancies and gentle gibes on collecting and
collecto-s by one of them. ''The Book of Job,"
by Elbert Hubbard, being a companion vol
ume to "The Song oi Songs" and "The Book of
Ecclesiastes."
Following Is the Arena contents page for
March: "The Development of American
Cities," Hoa Josiah Quincy: "The Solidarity
of Town and Farm," Dr. A. C. True; "The Re
lation of Biology to Philosophy," Profes«or
Joseph Le Conte, LL.D.; "Women in Gutter
Journalism," Haryot Holt Cahoon; "Brains
for the Young," Professor Burt Green Wilder;
••Agnodice," a poem, Selina Seixas Solomoos;
"The Unknown— Provision of the Future," Ca
miile Flammarion; "Despair," a poem, Eleanor
Ford; "Concerning a National University,"
Ex-Governor John W. lioyt, LL.D. ; "Wilfrid
Laurier," a character sketch, J. W. Russell;
"New Experiments In Sheathing the Hulls of
Ships," Georee Ethelbert Walsh; "Falling
Prices," Dean Gordon: "Maceo's Death," a
poem, A. E. Ball ; "The Foundation of a Colony
of Seil-supporting Artists," Appeal; "The Ar
menian Refugees," M. H. Gulesian; "Compul
sory Arbitration." P-ofessor Frank Parsons;
"Democracy — Its Origin and Prospects," John
Clark Ridpath, LL.D.; "An O'.ive Branch of
the Civil Wai," a story, La, Salle Corbell
Pickett.
The editor of the Review of Reviews com
ments in the March number on «ne Spanish,
programme oi reforms in Cuba, the United
States Senate's attitude toward the arbitratiou
treaty with England, the immigration bill, the
proposed international monetary conference,
President-elect McKinley's Cabinet selections,
the recent Senatorial elections, the New York,
trust investigation, the tamine situation in
India, the affair of the Greeks in Crete, the
foreign policy of Russia, the position of Eng
land, Franco and the other great powers-, and.
many other matters of current interest. Ati
Englishman's study of the longest reign in.
British history is contrlbu:ed to the Review
of Reviews in this diamond jubilee year of
Queen Victoria's rule by W. T. Stead, who
traces the growth of imperial dominion and
the influence ol the royal family from ths
point of view of the typical British subject.
The article is illustrated with a largo number
ot portraits of the Queen and of members of
her family circle. Many of these portraits are
rare, and are now published for the first time
in America.
The "Critic's" Lounger gives a new view of
the^ publishing business in a couple of para
graphs on "Tne Book of Wealth"— a "sub
scription book," of which the ordinary edition
is to be sold at $1000, and the limited edition
at $2500. This book will chronicle the accom
plishments of wealth from the earliest days to
the present day, in all countries. He giyes ua
incidentally a description of the canvassers
who sell these books. Theirs is not the drudg
ery commonly associated with that profession :
"There are not more than half a dozen
men in the whole United States who
can sell these expensive books, and they
sell notning else. Their season ii short, but
their harvest is large. They live in the most
expensive hotels, and, instead of trudging
wearily from door to door, drive about in their
broughams, accompanied by a man servant
who carries the book. The latter is not
brought into the house until the possible
purchaserexpressesawish toseeit. One of tha
most successful of these agents told me re
cently that his season in New York did not be
gin till the Horse Show, and that it was over
by the first of June." Who would not be a
book canvasser under such conditions? The
Lounger adds that this particular book has
been subscribed for by more than half the
crowned heads of Europe.
Meesrs. D. Appleton & Co. announce for
early publication "Pioneers of Evolution,"
from Thales to Huxiey, by Edward Clodd;
"Memoirs of Marshal Oudinot, Due de
Reggio," compiled from the unpublished
papers of the Duchesse de Reggio; "Some
Masters of Lithography," by Atherton,
Curtis: "The Aurora Borealis," by Al
fred Angot; "The Beautiful Miss Brooke,"
by "Z. Z."; "Tatterley, the Story
of a Dead Man," by T. Gallon; "A Pinchbeck
Goddess," by Mrs. Fleming (Beatrice Kipling);
"A Spotless Reputation," by D. Gerard, and
"Perfection City," a story of Kansas, by Mrs.
Orpen, together with new editions of "Dy.
namic Sociology," by Lester F. Ward; "S:ght,"
by Professor Joseph Le Conte; "History of
Bimetallism in the United Slates," by Profes
sor J. L. Laughlin, and "Actual Africa," by
Frank Vincent. Tne same firm will pub
lish shortly "Memoirs of Marshal Oudi
not, Due de Reggio," compiled from tha
hitherto unpublished souvenirs of the Duch
esse de Reggio. The marshal's wife was much
with her husband in tbe field, accompanying
him, for instance, during the retreat from
Moscow. Of that she gives a very graphic de
scription; and, Indeed, she draws vivid pic
ture! of all that stirring epoch. The book
takes in the revolution, the directory, Napo
leon's ascendency, the restoration, and cornea
up to about 1830. It has photographs of tha
marshal and his wife, who in the end of course
threw in their lot with the Bourbons.
The opening pages of the North American
Review lor March are devoted to a timely and
elaborate paper from the pen of Sir Edwin
Arnod on "The Famine in India." The prob
lem of "Prison Labor" is tnoughtfully con
sidered by Carroll D. Wright, United States
Commissioner of Labor, and in "The History
of a Poem" Edmund Gosse recounts the cir
cumstances connected with the production of
the late Coventry Patmore's work, "The Angel
in the House." "How to Reform Business
Corporations" is discussed by V. H. Lockwood,
and M. Georges Clexnenceau contributes the
second and concluding portion of his paper on.
••The French Navy." A writer under the Big
nature of "A London Police Magistrate" gives
a description of "Drink and Drunkenness
in London," dwelling especially on the class
known as habitual drunkards. Under tne
captain of "The Railway Problem" are treated
two distinct and vital aspects of this great
question, the Hon. Lloyd Bryce considering
"The Legislative Solution" and James J. Wait
giving "A Mercantile View." The Hon. Edwin
Taylor appeals to the country at large "In De
fense of Kansas," and progressive religious
thought has its champion in Professor C. A.
Briggs, D.D., who furnishes a brilliant paper
on "Works of the Imagination in the Old Tes
tament." Other topics dealt with are: "When
Congress Should Convene," by the Hon. J. F.
Shatroth; -'The Question of Ships," by Win
tbrop L. Marvin; "Amenities of Philology,"
by Professor E. W. Bowen, and "Objections to
a Children's Curfew," by Winiired Buck.
Dr. Nansen's "Farthest North"' was pub
lished Id England ou Tuesday, February 16,
and on the same day the Messrs. Harper made
a formal publication of the book in this coun
try. To do this they had to make almost su>
perhuman efforts. The booK is In two vol
umes, octavo, and covers 1200 pages. Rough
proofs were received from London and
the matter was at once put Into type.
It took a tremendous force of printers
to accomplish tnis by tho desired
time. Then the revised proofs were sent over
from London, and the first American proofs
corrected by them. Though they worked as
printers have seldom worked before, it wa3
impossible to publtsh more than a sufficient
number of copies by the 15th to meet the re
quirements of the international copyright
law. The regular publication of the book
here will not bo until some time in March.
It will have 120 full-page and numerous
text illustrations, and sixteen colored
plates in fac-simile from Dr. Nansen's
own sketches, besides photogravure portraits
aud four maps. Notwithstanding the enor
mous price, $50,000, which they paid for it,
the English publishers of the book, Messrs.
Archibald Constable & Co., are said to have
more than insured their expenses with their
advance orders. "Farthest North" will be
bound in a greenish color, suggestive of the
tinge of the ice fields. On the cover of the
first volume will be a picture of the Fram,
etched in gold. An edition for the colonies
will be published in the Macmillan Colonial
Library.
2324
FSHION'S FADS AND FANCIES
Large bolero of black fancy straw with high, scooped-out crown. On the edge of the brim,
close to the fold of the bolero, a wreath of closely set poppies, in a double row inside and out"
Bide, covering the brim. At the side, a knot of straw plait to match the hat, with an aigrette
of poppy buds and fancy greenery.
F-*|RESSMAKERS tell us that it has
■a Ik ' jeen aa exceeding long time since
%mjji variety of costume and beauty of
maierial have been so charmingly com
bined as in the constructions of the dress
maker already planned for the Easter
days.
The truest of all things that can be said
about the Easter designs is that while they
are novel they are not strictly new. We
are often told that in dresses for women
there is never anything new under the
pun — that history merely repeats itself. I
Now oftentimes this is an atrocious slan
der. Our gowns are novel and new, and
in my heart I have always believed that
tue reason they were said not to be was be
cause of that innate jealousy of mau who
secretly fumes because his clothes are
never anything but worked-over styles.
This year, however, we must confess that
the novelties are few.
Eastep Costumes.
There is no intention to recall a single
word of praise said of the Easter costumes.
They are just as pretty as ttiey can be, and
the woman who could not find something
to please her among them is really too
particular for this world. It i 3 just a
feast to go and look at the fashion plates,
ana if you know some milliner, some
awell one, well enough to get in behind
the scenes, your breath will be fairly takeu
away by what is shown you. Probably
you wili'not have money enough to in
dulge in the beautiful creations yon see,
but then you know there is always the
/satisfaction ot realizing that the less ex
pensive gowns are nothing in the world
tut combinations of ideas gained from
other gowns whose cost has a terrific
effect on a bank account or a lonely purse.
Skirts are not going to be so full. Not
that there is going to be nn approach to
that abomination known as the "pull
back," but the voluminous has been re
tired and the gowns will not contain yards
of material that is of no more use than
■would be a bouquet fastened in the middle
of one's back. Sieaves, too, have really
diminished, and only a comparative full
ness is retained at the shoulder, a modifi
cation ot" that styie known as "Jeg o'
mutton." The skirts are more trimmed
than last season, and are generally quite
flat in tront. They have wide tabliers and
gored back breadths mounted in two or
three hollow plaits.
Belts and Bodices.
There are some of the creations of the
dressmaker which dispense with the belt.
The bodice comes over the skirt ana ends
in points back and front. This, however,
need not be taken as meaning that the
belt is vegetating. Not at all. Just so
long as the bolero exists belts will con
tinue to bold their own.
■ The belts, by the way, which are sup
posed to be of the sort which will become
popular are composed oftentimes of bands
of ribbon describing a downward point
and an upward point, the latter much
more defined than the former, three large
paste buttons adorning the middle, while
others are buckled at the sido. Another
belt is high in the back and narrow in
front, with a pa^te or a cut-steel buckle as
fastening. It is an unquestionable fact
that the trimmed skirt is making its way
into fashion. So far the skirt trimmings
of aay dresses are not too obtrusive, but
evening skirts are much more elaborate.
The blouse bodice in its many varieties
is still a prime favorite, and likely to re
main so all spring and summer. One
charming variety is made up of red
•woolen fabric, trimmed with black galon
twisted inio macaroons. The blouse bod
ice opens over a chemisette of gem-em
broidered white siik filied in with while
velvet, the collar being of the same. The
waist is confined by a belt fastened with a
buckle. The sleeves, adorned with braid
ings, are puffud at the top and frilled with
lace at tho wri3t.
Tl^e Princess Robe.
The princess robe, in all its simplicity
of line, seems again to be popular, or
rather achieving popularity. The style
of other days has been t-iightly modified
to suit tue requirements of the present.
An up-to-date robo is composed of red
cloth with strapped seams, the seams be
ing finished to correspond. Tho draped
apels in this particular robe are of white
satin veiled by cream-colored guipure, !
Then there is a lace cravat and a lace fin
ishing to the sleeves. This is one of the
! very swell robes, but of course the style is
maintained in equally striking but much
less expensive fashion. Braids, or galons,
as they are sometimes called, are to be
u*ed in conjunction with velvet, moire,
cloth and woolen materials.
Brocades.
The brocade petticoat is being worn a
little and is goin_- to be worn a good deal
I more. Take a real good brocade at a sale
price in a iloral design on a dark ground
and it is not at all a baa investment. How
j much superior such a one is to the white
| cambric only those who have had ex
perience of both and the laundress can
tell. It is not an extravagant plan to al
low yourself an undersfeirt of brocade also
in a pale color for evening wear. A very
■ mart little skirt was noticed the other
day which was made from three sale rem
nants — or rather four — when the ribbons
are included. The brocade itself was very
pretty with ita bunches of violets and
ratnoi bright green leaves scattered over
a darker green background, the lining of
the skirt being of shot glace 6ilk in har
monizing tones of violet and green. In
side the hem there were three Jittle
flounces of the glace silk while the skirt
was trimmed outside with a very deep
Five o'clock tea apron of turquoise blue taffeta, edged with white lace and a striped black and white ribbon.
White batiste nightrobe with sailor collar, ornamented with white lace insertion and edging. Thh collar opens upon a pleated plastron
and a flounce of white lace headed by insertion. Cuffs to match.
Sleeveless chemise of white batiste, hand embroidered and lace-edged. Pink or blue Inch-wide satin ribbons are run through worked
buttonholes near the top, frgut and back, and are tied iv bows on the shoulders.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
flounce of bright green silk pinked out
along the lower edge and veiled with fine
black Chantilly lace. This flounce was
headed by a box-plaited ruche of violet
ribbon with smart little bows in the two
colors at intervals all around.
Silks and Brocades.
These are to be had in wonderful varie
ties this season, owing to the fact that
there is a growing demand for tftese
fabrics, as in many cases silk has taken
the place of wool, and in numerous in
stances where wool has been used the ap
pearance of silk is carried out by an in
termixture of silk with the wool. As a
result ruany Jong-closed factories have
been opened, and from Italy are coming
some silks that will cause the merchants
in Lyons some uneasiness, so beautiful
are they In texture, coloring and design.
Bonnet has on the market at the present
time several most beautiful silks, firm as
a board and astonishingly reasonable in
price.
That we want variety is fully compre
hended by importers, and as a result a
bewildering number of patterns are pre- |
sented on our counters. For example, we j
may well be surprised at the novelties in
the waterings of the black and white silks
alone, as there are moire antique grounds
with large satin leaves, and over this
small cloudy effects. Charming is a white
moire watered to resemble water thrown !
on a highly polished surface, "where it is
apt to fcrm itself into deep points." Fre
quently in the case of new waterings there
are several aquatic designs in which
streams of satin appear to be bordered
with frost, as you may have seen the vege- !
tation with snow and hoar frost beside a
frozen stream.
Italian Satins,
The satins now being sent ont from
Italy I am really curious to see, for they
are said to be singularly oeantiful and
most diverse in color. The bouquets of
colored brocaded flowers, large and small,
on distinct grounds, are another great
element of beauty. They are, as it is
j technically called, emroidered after the j
weaving, and the back of the pattern dis- I
covers the various colors employed. There j
are many rich light blue and deep rose- |
j colored satins, with a brocade of white I
; lace tied in bows and festoons, which at j
i intervals show small bouquets of roses !
in a couple of shades, and there are many
j bold and beautiful Drocades in which
flowers of various kinds and different hues
would seem to have been painted on the
material.
It seems that at a very moderate price it
is quite possible to produce a greater ap- j
pearance of richness in brocade than in i
a:iy oiher make of silk, and c rtainly the
best qualities will long remain in vozue,
so marvelously lovely are they in patterns
and colorings, and they faithfully portray
nature, whenever flowers or vegetation
are the designs employed. As a result the
rarely exquisite greens in connection with
brighter hues seen on light grounds are
worthy subjects for an artist's brush, so
minutely do they reproduce the rarest and
most gorceous of blossoms.
in the cheaper silks are shown the dull
checked patterns our grandmothers used
to wear with so much complacency, but
tnrouirh the somber checks the weavers
have introduced a single bright tone with
excellent results.
Surah is to be again in demand as well
as Mascotte silks, they are between
merveilleux and surah. Foulards are
destined to be employed in the evolution
of numerous pretty, simple, cool little
frocks, and for waistcoats, vests, coats and
trimmings are to be hail an enormous
choice in closely woven geometrical pat
terns of many colorings intermixed. These
look much licher and more expensive than
they really are. There is a marked ten
dency to use surah, in many cases, instead
of taffeta. Our American silss daily gain
in popularity,, as in designs and quality
they are steadily improving.
Tfoe Latest Summer Fabrics
Which have reached v«, so far, are many
of them possessed of rare beauty, among
them I am enthusiastic over the grena
dines, the grass linens and a new weave of
chiffon, one of which, a black one, is
woven with hroad black satin stripes and
then brocaded over in white skeleton fern
j leaves, and ghostly looking orchid and
iris blossoms. Others in gray, pink and
blue are equally artistic in effect.
Have you ail seen the beautiful displays
of grass linens and organdies in tue win
dows of some of our principal stores dur
ing the past week? That dainty linen
with the very open mesh of an ecru tone
j over a bright green silk taffeta is most
I fetching, as is also the one having a
twine-colored background, over which are
odd purplish figures. This one is to be made
over silks of the same line, with a great
sash and stock of wide ribbon to match.
Almost equally worthy of admiration is
another having a similar ground sprayed
with crimson roses. Crimson silk is to be
used as a lining. Such gowns will be
reveled in by young girls in the evening,
but their elders show a preference for
j dresses of figured or dotted black or white
! net, these all being made over brignt
, hued changeable taffeta.
Theri is noted a decided tendency to re
turn to dresses of black and white lace,
and the most extravagant orders have
been given for entire lace robes by several
of our country women who have recently
returned from abroad.
The plain organdies just uncaied at a
great New YorK house have in numerous
instances their skirts trimmed with inser
tions, which are graduated in length or
j with flounces in gradations, or grouped
Jon the bottom. The Spanish flounce will
I be worn, but it is to be varied in many
j ways.
Jin Jlmeriean Girl,
! With lovely fluffy blonde hair, was a pic
ture at an informal dance given about two
weeks ago. She was garbed in a pale blue
and white foulard, covered with an odd, ir
regular white figure. It was made over
taffeta, which exactly matched the blue
tone. Around the bottom of the skirt was
a email ruflle of light blue chiffon. This
! had two beading*; each as well as the
I lower hem, was ed^od with a narrow fine
and delicate lace. It is difficult to describe
the waist. Soft, full ruffles extend from
the low-cut neck to the waistband, all
being edged with the lace. Silken ribbons
complete it. Ribbons are much worn on
all dresses of either satin, silks or velvet.
Speaking of foulards, brown and tan, or
gray and black, go especially well together.
A gray and white one I recall that is es
pecially pretty also, of black and white
combination, that has tiny white ruffles
with black lace on them. The sleeves are
tight with three ruffles at the top.
Jleeordion Skirts
Are to bp popular, that is an accepted fact,
and in Europe an entirely new kind of
crepon is oeing used in their composition.
Fancy silk blouses of the sarao tone are
worn with them under braided boleros,
so, in spite of the fact that boleros have
Summer walking costume of any of the new shades in taffeta. Tne little flounces are edged
with bltick velvet. The bodice Is ornamented with designs in black velvet cut out over a satin
foundation. The pleated chemisette Is of white silk. The close fittitiK sleeves terminate in n
flare over the hand. B'.ack velvet coliar. The black straw hat is trimmed with pompadour
ribbon and black plumes.
become undeniably common, the unique
and exquisite little affairs will bold their
own lor many moons, for, according to
Vague, "tlie charm of the bolero has lost
none of its attraction, and promises to vie
with the popularity of the blouse, which
was an enduring favorite of years' stand
ing. The bolero is now so well under
stood — so well modeled to suit every
figure, and has been found so adaptable to
bodices of gowns, ranging from full dress
to negligees, and so capable of holding the
richest trimmings in voe;ue or treated with
extreme simplicity — that it is not to be
expected that so admirable a dress featare
is to be abandoned. Empiecements —
those varied and pretty bodice conceils
designed to ornament them in odd way?,
introducing tine bits of lace, needlework
embroidery or rich stuffs in contrast— will
hold their own we feel sure, as they are
too serviceable in producing a variety of j
models.
"Our summer gowns, we may feel as
suied, are to hay* their bodices trimmed
with flat or ruffled boleros, as well as lace
ones; and puttings have their share of
ornamentation, while plisse will con
tribute their pre-eminent grace and be
comingness."
There is nothing more novel than the
moussehnes de soie painted in pale colors
in imitation of old brocades. Dresses made i
out of these gauzy stuffs are trimmed
with flounces cat bias, alternated with
lace. The bodices are adorned in the
same wny and finished at the waist with
wide pleated bands of a bright color in a
miroir velvet of a strongly contrasting
shr.de, with three rhineslone buckles upon
one «ide.
Silk slips are used for all these dresses,
and naturally such toilettes necessitate
the wearing ot the loveliest of underskirts.
Tfye Wfoite Petticoat,
Which has been discarded, in a great
measure, for several years, is to be once
more indispensable, and -some owned by
a New York belle, who has just returned
from abroad, are very exquisite, being
masses of laces and delicate incruated em
broideries. Greatly will the laundries re
joice at the news, but for those of mod
erate means this decree of fashion will
not be received with rejoicing, so ex
pensive are to be skirts and so enormous
will be the laundry bills. However, the
fiat has gone forth and girls who are fond
of tine needlework will, during these
Lenten days, make many a dainty gar- |
ment, in the evolution of which can be i
used the fine pieces of embroideries and j
laces accumulated by the careful shopper
during the recent sales.
Such work is very satisfactory when
one has an abundance of leisure, other
wise I certainly consider it wiser to cur
chase ready-made underclothing — not
cheap varieties, but well-made and neatly
Handled articles.
How seldom nowadays do we hear of a
bride making for her trousseau the thou
sand and one garments which a century
ago she busied herself with. I have heard
grandmothers regret the change, but I
cannot say I do, lor what does the aver
age bride want with two or three dozen of
each article of underwear? The fashions
change in everything, and the slender
maiden frequently becomes a plump
matron, who has no use for the great
chests of underlinen. Even table-linen
changes so in style that no large amount
should be purchased at one time. Several
of our pretty girls are so soon to become
brides that I am repeating my advice to
them, by which some ol my readers may
protit, 1 trust.
fiolden .Haip.
Children with lovely golden hair are
universally admired, out alas! it is not
always natural, for very frequently vain '
mothers use artificial means to keep their !
children's hair light. Of course they are
assured that i he mixtures are absolutely
harmless; but let me tell them that fre
quently ill health and even death has
been the result of using such drags, and
new Buitings carefnlly. Avoid the loud !
plaids, visible greens, daring browns and'
hideous blues. These new black-and-blue I
plaids are not to my liking. A man looks I
ill-dressed in coiors that stand out prom- !
iuently. Unless the tone in a plaid j
merges into the grouDd color of a fabric
the effect is outre.
"The spring covert coafs are to be cat in |
two lengths. The short length is a saddle
coat. I like it so well that I shall wear it
for walking or riding. It just covers the
sack coat. The back is full and straight.
The strap seams are quite wide. It is a
bard-looking, sporty coat that I like. We
must be mascuiine in our neglige dr^ss;
we must be neavily booted, strongly and
roughly clad. The covert gives one that
free-and-easy look that smacKs of the
country and health.
"With your covert wear a tweed suit. It
13 bad form for a man to wear carefully
pressed worsted trouserings, patent leath
er shoes, with a covert coat. He looks as
if he had divided himself up into high
form and outing. The scheme is ridicu
lous.
"For formal wear we shall have long,
close-fitting Chesterfields of vicuna. They
cling to the waist and are quite military.
The lapels should be faced with silk. The
cuffs are made plain or have a three-inch
turnback cuTf with rounded points. The '
\pM/}/ i|*y r Qiici ii
.mJ^^MTo Every One.
*!&s&&^%£jssjr " you think you can
' t &&t£gZSx**'''jysitir y° u think you can
jffiSat/TS^ivCTf 011 correctly with the
/f**^~jJ * fff^jt[Pf\ letters- in the word
■ " < 'P'*^ r "' | using each latter as de-
aired, but not more times than it appears in "PAT-
TERNS?"- Verbs, pronouns, adjectives, nouns, ad-
verbs, plurals, allowed. Words spelled alike, but
having different meanings, count as one word. Us« I
any standard dictionary. All legitimate English
. words count. Proper nouns, prefixes, suffixes, obso- j
lete- and foreign words do not count. Work it out as
I follows : Pat, Pen, Pens, Reap, Set, Ten, At, Net, etc.
- Our Offer.— We will pay $100 for the largest
list, $.">() for the second largest, $25 for the third, $10
each for the next five, $5 each for the next ten, and |
1 1 each for the next twenty-live. I That is tof.Ay we j
will divide among forty-three contestants the aggre-
gate sum of $300, according to merit. Don't you
think you could be one of the forty -three? TRY IT.
Our Purpose.— The above rewards for mental
effort are given free and without consideration for
the purpose of attracting attention to MODES, by
May Manton, the most popular up-to-date Fashion
Magazine In the world. Its 86 pages, replete with
beautiful illustrations of the latest styles in ladies'.
misses' and children's garments, make it a real
necessity in every household; the Designs and Fash-
lon Hints, being by May Manton, render it invalu-
able as an absolutely reliable Fashion Guide. . •
Our Conditions.— You must send with your Hal
Df words 25 cents (stamps or silver) for. a Three
Months' Trial Subscription to Modes.
Our Extra Inducement. — Every person sending
25 cents and a list of 15 words or more, will, in addi-
tion to three months' subscription, receive by re-
j turn mail a pattern of this stylish shirtwaist No.
I 5998 (illustrated above), in any size from .32 to 44-iu.
Our Aim. — present monthly circulation o(
Hopes exceeds 100,000. We aim to make it 200,000.
; This contest will- close April" 15th next so th«
Dames of successful spellers may be published in
June issue of Modes, mailed May 15th, but SEND IN
VOL'R LIST AT ONCE. « For our responsibility vr<
refer you to any Mercantile Agency. Address:.
■ ' ■ ■■■ ■ MODES FASHION MAGAZINE,
: Dept. 570 130 White Si»kei.Kew_Yohk.
"a LftWRENCE
Jy<fe. SYSTEM.
■ 11l r /^-^- / \y The only one by which
T" \ >_f *ri**i '-^ ' you can make a garment
1 ' VUC^ ? : : Without trying on.
yyiTT^ M .patterns.
iPw 1231 MARKET ST.
,1 -- 'i _ ;.-;: .v ■:.; : ;\ and 126 o'FarrellSt. ,
the only harmless method that can be
employed is the free use of castile soap
and water. An e?g shampoo is excellent,
but will darken the hair. I feel positively
sorry for the women who insist on using
chemicals on themselves to alter naturc'3
handiwork, as there is something so ob
jectionable about the appearance of aved
hair. It seems to demand rouged cheeks
and all the theatrical accompaniments.
However, let women do what they choo3e
with themselves, but they have no right
to eipsrimenton their innocent children.
Marcella.
Styles for Men.
Many of the new plaids and checks just
received in New York are being much ob
jected to by conservative men, as they are
both loud and horsey looking. These will
not be fashionable E ist, neither will they
receive the stanm of approval of our bent
dressed men, cb Him says:
"In order to avoid conspicuous clothing
you will have to study the patterns in the
latter i 3 rather effeminate, I think, and
not in keeping with the chromatic mascu
line mode."
The bsst fabrics to be ordered made up
for your shirts are cheviot or madras, the
very ordinary percales are all going out of
style. Avoid vividly hued shirts as care
fully as the too pronounced tweeds, but it
i 3 predicted that tartan ties and imperials
are to be very popular all spring; also hat
bands to match tne ties.
For overcoats the most popular fabrics
are coverts and kerseys, and light taa
shade* are preferred. Undressed worst
eds, vicunas, Venetians and cheviots are
being made up into long coats.
It is thought that the wearing of knick
erbockers will eventually revolutionize
men's fashions, and one authority de
clares '-I advocate knee breeches for full
dress, formal dress, every kind of dress
except nightdress." C. C.
SEW TO-SAT.
Imperial Hair Regenerator
— will make the hair beauts
dStfß&&\ nil. glossy and natural, no
. WP»2ssiL?m'Uter how bt realty,
O*£>*JB&IJL UI. . ACHJSJD or GB.tV it
f<r/fr tdWm It is clean, odorless, l»st-
V~\jf]\ ! (■■l in 8- Ii does not contain an
\fyi *■£? atom of poisonous matter.
jf\&Jml *mf Baths do not a2ect it,
iCVP'TJ Wlff neither does curling or
l^a'Ql . fir* crimping. Incomparable
ff.f VJa.'i Via for the B^ARI) on account
I& f .ffflfl Hi * of its durability and clean-
No. 7. Ash S&!ff%affl»
Blonde. «SHS£?r
Price $150 and
$3 00. . v
Sole Manufacturers and Patentees:
Imperial Chemical Mfg. Co., 292 Fifth ay.. N. Y.
For sale by Druggists and Hairdressers. la
Ban Francisco sold and applied by Stanislas
Strozynski and Goldstein & Cohn.
00000000000000000000000000
I Who Are^ I
1 1 American 1
I Heroines ? I
I $I,ooo in Prizesjor. the Best Lists, §
9 Name the Greatest Women 6
5 that America has produced 9
9 and win a prizci^l*.^.^.^ o
p Every contestant receives a 6
9 prize : Columbia and Cleve- 9
6 land Bicycles ; Kodak, In- 2
9 ternational Dictionary, etc. 6
9 Send for a free sample copy 9
p of "Womankind," containing a
0 full particulars, or send your 9
9 list now and 50 cents for one x
6 year's subscription to one of c
9 the best household literary o
1 papers published. Contest 9
6 CLOSES May 15. Address, 5
| ffoaA ™^ Springfield, Ohio. |
I $1000.00 prizes. §
00000000000000000000000000
WA A *
Important
Sale
THIS WEEK.
1111 iJ ▼ T JL-< iw 1V»
I **************************
* 6- Button Length -
I Biarritz jCCp:
i Gloves, «V« I
* Light Shades, Pair *
♦•••••••••*•••••••*••••••♦
********** ****************
I <^%^ 4-Button I
I yA/ KIU i
* J /Jr\ Guaranteed \
* T//// Pair *
•*•••*•••••*•*•♦***•**•••*
**************************
{ 8- Button Length J
I Real Kid $i AS §
I Gloves, ■ I
* All Shades, | p air •
718 MARKET STRBBT.He Sought Fortune in the Copra Groves
/\ Galiforr\iar\'s Pare Experience in tke South Sea Islands ar\d
Why JHis Venture Failed
WHITTLE is thought, as we daily gather I
"Isij around the "festive board" to par
***/ take of the delicacies of the menu,
how they are obtained or how great a dis
tance they come from. In illustration of
this statement the experieuce of F. M.
Kendall, a Californian, in respect to one
articJe of delicacy will be interesting.
Having learned How much profit couid be
acquireu in tue cultivation of "copra," or
cocoanut, the greater part of which is
raised in the northern part of the island
of New Guinea, Mr. Kendall sought the
advice of prominent officials of the Ger
man Government, and encouraged by
their representations concluded to enter
into the pursuit. He accepted as a part
ner one who was an active member of the
agency, on the island.
Mrs. Kendall accompanied her husband
on his expedition, and was the first Ameri
can woman to place her foot upon the soil
of this portion of New Guinea.
How the South Sea Islands first became
inhabited by Kanakas is a mooted ques
tion. It is thought by Borne that refugees
from the Malay peninsula and adjacent
islands crossed over in canoea and by
lapse of time their original traits of char
acter became obliterated and gradually
became those of the present inhabitants.
Another theory ur^ed with more perti
nancy is that a banishment from Mexico
drove a strange people to seek an asylum
in those vast wilds. This theory is par
tially sustained by the discoveries in
Mexico of war implements and coverings
for their person similar to those now used
by the Kanakas.
Although much effort has been made to
civilize these peoples, but little success
comparatively has been aitained, as each j
island embraces a separate tribe, distinct i
in itseif and hostile to the others.
Nature seems to have particularly fa- j
vored the island of New Guinea for the j
raising of cotton and copra, but the Ger- I
NATIVES GATHERING COPRA IN NEW GUINEA.
man Government is not liberal In extend- i
ing inducement to the world to come and
assist in improving the vast territory by
the sa!e and occupancy of land.
Kendall wa3 exremely disappointed
and utterly astonished when the Govern
ment officials refused to sell or lease a
foot of available land to him, and to only
allow him to purchase the wild land as he
went into the interior. But his only exit
from the country was by means of a Ger- j
man steamer which p'.ied between Her
bertshoh and Singapore once in every
two months. He was ob'.igjd to accept
the {■ituation. and lived in one of the
Government houses until he was deposed,
be'ore the arrival ot the steamer.
He and his wife and the others of the
expedition would have been in exceed
ingly sad piigrit but lor the courtesy of a
Ruraan Catholic Uisliop, who presided
over a mission established there before the
German regime. The men of the party
were taken into the b:o;l.er's house an 1
the others into a nunnery, and the voy
agers were entertained by the Catholics
nntil the time of their tlepanure arrived.
The personal effects of Mr. Kendall and
bis associates were disposed of at a great
sacrifice.
t The first endeaver to opon up this island
Iwas made at Frederick Williams Haven.
■Here was cleared 3750 acres of land, and
riDout one-third of tins aiea had been
planted when, tho effect of opening up
such an extent of the germ-tilied earth at
once, the yellow fever broke oat, causing
the death of many hundreds o' the na
tives and a number of Americans.
Opposite from Frederick Wiiiams Ha
ven, the Government seat, is situated the
heralet oi Herbertsuoh, the place where
Kendall and his associates were landed.
There is a beautiful bay between the two
places extending several miles, and open
at either end to seafaring vessels, forming
a fine land-locked harbor. Here was made
a more successful attempt to cultivate the
copra, and 2TjOO or more acres of laud was
iru proved.
But immediately back from the unim
proved land the Kanaka lives in all his
native fierceness and savanoness. Within
a mile and a half of Herbertshoh two
natives, a man and a boy, were killed,
roasted and eaten by the Kanakas. The
parties who did the eating were afterward
arrested by the German agency and were
tried for the offense and convicted ana
hanged. In such a neighborhood Kendall
and his party were offered land to carry
out their undertaking. The case cited is
not isolated. The naiivo has r.ot the
semblance of fear of consequences when
onco his wild nature becomes aroused.
still exists on the island
vciih only a very thin veneer of assumed
civilization to cover its ghastly form.
The method the agency uses in procur
ing native laborers, Mr. Kendall says, is
unique. A small schooner is employed
with a complement ol officers and crew
and is supplied with articles of trade cal
culated to tempt the cupidity of the
native. The vessel cruises amone the
Ulauds and the trader* and crew are
landed in small boats at various points to
meet the natives as they line the shore.
The captain of the schooner and others
endeavor to persuade the natives to go
aboard the7essei and often success crowns
their efforts; at othei times more strenu
ous measures, Mr. Kendall says, arc em
ployed. Few natives from New Guinea
are selected i'or tins work since their
escape to the interior is easy, while those
from other islands have extremely limited
opportunity to get away.
"There is a semblaee of a contract for
three years made between these poor
slaves, as they are in fact," said Mr. Ken
dall, "and the agency, whereby the natives
are to be housed and fed taro and rice
and for their weekly services receive the
munificent stipend of two sticks of infe
rior tobacco, one-quarter of an inch square
and six inches long, twenty-six to
the pound. at a cost of 32 cents;
also one clay pipe (all the natives
use tobacco, both male and female).
"Every month a lavalava is added to
their wages. This consists of two fancy
cotton bandana handKerchiefs, used about
the loins as their only article of covering
by the men, and in many instances used
by the women in the *anie capacity. After
the expiration of this contract the native
laborers are furnished with a trading box,
consisting of such articles as best suit
their idea for disposal among their fellow
creatures. But, though they, in their
ignorance, consider this a gift, in reality
it has been paid for by their labor many
times over.
"The manner of preparing the grou nd
for the planting of copra is very simple,"
said Mr. Kendall. "The natives grub
with a large hoe the trees, which are com
paratively few, and none are larjje. Vast
tracts of land are covered only by gniss cr
berry bushes arising from the burned
district, which these nomadic tribes h&\£
sat on fire in their wanderings over the
plains in search of food.
"The soil is principally sandy, richly in
termingled with vegetable mold, which
renders its productiveness exceedingly
active. When all is in readiness for the
planting rows are made ten feet apart and
either young sprouted cocoannt plants,
obtained by the natives in the interior or
those without any advancement, procured
from wild trees near at hand, are placed
in the rows.
"These plants mature in three or four
years and coruiuue twenty or thirty years
A RATTLE SNAKE RANCH
IN ARIZONA
§)jS the Bill Williams fork of the
■Z Colorado River, in the western part
R of Arizona, near tlic junction of the
Rio San Marie in Mohave County, within
a stone's throw of Yavapai and Yuma
counties, perhaps fifty miles southeast
from the Needles and fifteen due east from
Planet Town, is the rattlesnake ranch of
Mark Dorney. A more particular location
of the place — lacking tiresome citations of
ran<*e, township and section— could
scarcely be given, for this is yet a wild and
unpeopled district of the Treasure Terri
tory, and guideposls and landmarks are
neither plentiful nor certain. But any
one who hails from that part of the Terri
tory will tell you all about it, because if
they haven't seen it they have heard of it.
Of ail the ranches on earth perhaps
Mark Dorney's is the strangest and the
most fearsome. There is always a well
tilled keg of rye or bourbon in the cabin
and usually the door to the cabin is wide
open. A collateral circumstance is that
the whisky is safe under all conditions.
When Dorney noes to Planet Town he
leaves the bouse wide open — to let it air
out, as he facetiously remarks, but in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
in bearing. Between these trees cotton is
planted similarly in style to that em
ployed by American farmers in their
culture of peas. In ten or twelve days
after planting appears the green blade,
and in six months the first crop is gath
ered, which, it ordinarily productive, is
sufficient to remunerate the expense of
preparing the land and considerably
toward the payment of it, if it could be
purchasea. This cotton production con
tinues, to greater or less succe.-s, every
six months for live years without replant
ing and only an occasional weeding, 100
pounds to the 2>£ acres Deing an ordinary
yield.
"In planting the copra, nuts fairly
ripened and those fully matured are
selected. Once at the stockhouse an outer,
fibrous covering is removed, the shell
broken. The •verbenas,' or female labor
ers, secure the white meat, cutting it into
small pieces, preparaiory to putting it
upon racks to be dried by solar or artificial
heat, the time depending mainly upon the
maturity of the nut. The immature nuts
are soft, but their contents can be readily
eaten with a spoon.
"It tanes about 7000 nuts to produce a
ton of dried copra, and a tree will yield
about 100 sound nuts yearly. The price
varies, but the average result is $40 per
ton. With some slight exceptions, the
greater part of this production is shipped
from this inland to Germany, where it is
placed in its commercial form, known as
'desiccated cocoanut,' 'confectioner's
stock,' and by other names."
Lor\g Reigrx of JV|or\arcr\s.
The fact that Queen Victoria is about to
celebrate the sixtieth year of her reisn
cails attention to the long reigns of other
monarchs. The majority of these lengthy
rules have occurred ia times of national
prosperity and quiet, rude and unsettled
: timss being inimical. The three Danish
| kinirs of England, for example, reijjned
1 only twenty-seven years altogether. l)ur
-1 ing the Saxon period fifteen kings ruled
! with an average of thirteen years apiace.
| Bat William tho Lion ruled over Scotland
1 for forty-nine years (1165-1214). His son,
I Alexander 11, reigned thirty-five years
and the latter'a son thirty-six years.
Charlemagne, the great consolidator ot
the French republic.ruled forty -seven years
and Louis IX for forty- four years, but both
| these long reigns were exceeded by Louis
: XIV, who reigned the unprecedented time
reality because there is no earthly use in
shutting it. The Arizona prospector fol
lows the trail that he hopes or thinks will
; lead to p.iy ore, and he follows it regard
less of whatever crawling things there
S may De on his path, but the thirstiest
j desert prospector never ventures to tap
j that keg, ana if it were filled with yellow
! bullion he would Jeave it just as severely
| alone as ho doe.4 now.
Half a niiie irora Dorney's ranch, which
I lies nearer the river by a mile than the
' main wagon trail, there runs a long
! shallow ditch-like gully that is dry for
j about eleven months in the year. This is
I known as the dead line on the west and
north of the ranch. Beyond this aead line
only one man ever steps knowingly, and
that man is the proprietor of the rattle
snake ranch. He bears a charmed life,
and somo of the tales he relates at the
store in Planet Town make the blood
curdle. He tells of diamond heads that
are twelve and fifteen feet long, and if you
hesitate to accept his off-hand measure
ments be asks you to "come along and
see for yourself."
Some incredulous people have an idea
that if Mark Dorney should be turned
adrift in his own ranch shorn of his great
thick leather boots that reach to his
thighs, the charm of his life would go
out— and perhaps his life with it. How-
I ever, it would probably take more than
j one rattler's bite to break the charm, for
Dorney has a good, common-sense cure.
of seventy three years, from 1642 to 1715.
This reign is regarded as the most bril
liant in French annals and exercised a
fascination over 'all Europe. "Did you
think I was immortal ?" asked the King on
his deathbed of nis sorrowing attendants.
The Spaniards boast justly of the reigns
of some of their sovereigns. James lof
Aragon ruled sixty-three years, from 1213
to 1276, while Pedro IV and John II ruled
respectively fifty-one and fifty-four years.
From the time iripain was consolidated, in
1479, eicht kings ruled whose reigns aver
aged thirty-five years.
Alphonso I occupied Portugal's throne
for seventy-three years (1112-1185) and ho
isiegarded as the founder of their inde
pendence by the Portuguese. Other Por
tugese kings reigned for furty-three, foriy
four and forty-six years.
The reigns of several of the Prussian
kings have been very long. Frederick
William, the great elector anu founder of
the Prussian military power, reigned
forty-eight years from 1640 to 1688. Fred
erick the Great was on the throne forty
six years and this was about the most im
portant reien in the annals of the king
dom. Frederick William 111 reigned for
forty-three years (1797-1840).
Peter the Great holds the Russian rec
ord, forty-three >years, from I'jß2 to .1745.
It was of this ruler that Voltaire said:
"He gave a polish to his people, and was
himself a savage ; he tauKnt tlum the art
of war of whicu he was himself ignorant;
from the sight of a small boat on the
river Moskwa he created a powerful fleet;
made himself an expert shipwright, sailor,
pilot and commander; he changed the
manners, customs and laws of the coun
try, and lives in their memory as the
father of his country." — Chicago News.
Nobody Kr\oWs but Mother.
How many buttons are mis«in? to-day?
Nobody knows but mother.
How many playthings are strewn In her way?
Nobody knows but mother.
How many thimbiesand spools has she missed?
How many burns on eac i fat little fist.
How many bumps to he cuddled and kissed?
Nobody knows but mother.
How many hats has she hunted to-day?
Nobody knows but mother.
Carelessly hiding themselves in the hay,
Nobody knows but mother.
How many handkerchiefs willlully strayed,
How many ribbons for each little maid,
How, for her care, can a mother be paid?
Nobody knows but mother.
How many muddy shoes all in a row?
Nobody knows but mother.
How many stockings to dan, do you know?
Nobody knows but mother.
How many little torn aprons to mend,
How many hours of toil must she spend,
What is the time when her day's work shall
end?
Nobody knows but mother.
How many lunches for Tommy and Sam*
Nobody knows but mother.
Cookies and apples and blackberry jam,
Nobody knows but mother.
Nourishing dainties for every "sweet tooth" —
Toddling Dottie or dignified Ruth,
How much love Rweetens the labor, forsooth?
Nobody knows but mother.
How many care 3 does a mother-heart know?
Nobody knows but mother.
How many joys from her mother-love flow?
Nobody knows but mother.
How many prayers by each little white bed,
How many tears for her babes has she shed,
How many kisses for enc-h curly head?
I Nobody knows but mother.
"Kiil the sarpint as soon as he stints," !
says Dorney. ''Cut him up in small pioces I
and put the raw pieces over the bite. The j
rattler's flesh wiil begin to turn green as ]
it absorbs the poison. When it is good
and ureen, throw it away and put on a
fresh piece. Keep this up until you huve
used all the pieces, whether it is a Dig or a
little snake. When the last piece has
been used, you can go about your business.
See them scars ?"
Dorney has made a good deal uf money
Out of his surprising occupation in the
last three years. He is "proving up" on a j
quarter section, and every acre of his land
has its score or more of rattlers' nests.
He makes the conditions agreeable for
them. He harvests the old ones, and the
others breed fast enough. In the begin
ning he found his c!aim overrun with
rattlers. Thai's what put the idea of
breeding them into his head.
Dead rattlesnakes are worth money, if
one knows how to dispose of them and
has a liking for the business. The bar-
Vest is a profitable one. To begin with, a
good percentage of the rattles will sell to
the curio stores at Santa Barbara, San
Diego, Los Angeles and San Francisco.
They bring as high as 50 cents a dozen
wholesale, and perhaps a couple of hun
dred dozen can be sold in a year. Bat
that's a small matter, merely a side issue.
The big thing Is the fat. Rattlesnake
crease, properly tried out, is worth
(i'J cents au ounce. Some single
A Bradley Martin Affair in Siskiyou
j~loW Mrs. Dutch Pete of Qreer\Korr\ QvilcK Ir\ter\ds to Outdo
All Rivals in Her Sphere
CfBLHE calm pond of Siskiyou's society
"^■Sv a * been stirre( * to a turbulent pud*
u*r* die by the news of the dance to be
given by Mrs. Dutch Pete of Greenhorn (
Gulch next Friday night in the scnool-
I house, on which occasion Mrs. Pete has
promised to knock all the spots off the
dance given last month by Mrs. Turkey
Joe of Cricket Flat.
The sums spent for cheesecloth and
prize-box jewels will amount to some
thing, while the grub will be hot stuff.
Mrs. Pete has been cookine the old hen a
few days already, and she admitted to
your reporter (exclusive) that she intended
to make sandwiches of said ancient fowl
and pieces of soda biscuit.
At the memorable function of Mrs. Joe
the guests were regaied with fried perk
between cold pancakes, and then the storm
of denunciation that arose from the poor
and the preacher* almoit drowned ihe
fiddle.
While partakintr of the sumptuous sup
per on Cricket Flat, the braast of Mrs.
Pete swelled with envy so that her next
to-her-Sunday Dafque burst down the
back, causing some invidious remarks
about red flannel and black shoestring.
At that moment Mrs. Pete resolved to
show them Cricket Flatters they are by
DO means the only shirts in the laundry,
and to that end she has been doins; extra
churning ever since and laying by a part
of her princely income to make a spread
at her own dance.
It is understood that persons appearing
in the same rips worn at Mrs. Turkey Joe's
dance will be politely but firmly requested
to chase themselves out of that, and
Cricket Flatters are turning and dyeing
and lixing up. They realize that not any
old tiling will do for an occasion of the
sort. Red and green ribbons have ad
vanced in price, and Bhiemoss of Humbug
has been employed to design one new
creation and take a aettin' of turkey eggs.
Mrs. Dutch Pete herself will appear as
in the picture given (pxclnsive) in timo
thy green muslin de caiico, built high
above the waist and cut short below. Her
hair will be dressed in Irish feathers,
placed with unstudied careles.sne.ss, and
her diamond breastplate cost exactly 5
cents at. Mm. Heybrooke's notion-store.
Mrs. Pete intends to be head couple in the
famous basket quadrille with young
Pitchpine Jenkins, and to make sure of
him he nas been given a pound of butter
and four pints of sour milk. The way
tliey will sashay, do-see-do and balance to
the left will no doubt be a part of the
future's history.
Mrs. Dutch Pete was one of the head
guys at Mrs. Turkey Joe's dance, in white
pique basque and black lawn skirt, but
Her costume this time is intended to
knock out the whole shootine match.
At great expense the hostess has hirer!
a kid for 10 cents to gather juniper
branches enough to perfume and orna
snake* yield more than ten ounces. .
The hides are worth from $2 to $3
a dozen in San Francisco. Purses and
belts for women are made out of them,
and sometime!) shoes and slippers. The
grease enters into the composition of
some very high-priced cosmetics, and
when converted into oil has medicinal
properties that render it very valuable to
druggists. Cattle rangers in the neighbor
hood Jcok with some envy upon the
profits of Mark Dorney's outlandish busi
ness, and there have been rumors of rival
rattlesnake ranches, but as yet no one has
appeared who comoines the competency
and the pluck necessary to engage in the
hazardous enterprise. Men who do busi
ness in Arizona aie not, as a rule, fas
ti Jious in the matter of avoidine rattlers.
Yet no man seeks lheir company, and the
idea of living forever in the midst of them
is disconraeing to the average cow
puncher, and not sufficiently enticing,
even considering possible profits, to in
duce any precipitate rush of the very
wildest and most dare-devil rangers into
that vocation.
"I drifted into it because I had to," ex
plains Dorney. "I started out by trying
to kill off all the rattlers on my Diace, but
I found there were so many of them that
I save up the job in disgust. I bad killed
four or five hundred when somebody told
me I could sell the oil and the hides. I
didn't believe it at first, but when I found'
it was a sure go on that line I just turned
ment the scene, and she has also gone the
lenetn of wild extravagance m borrowing
some little flags from the teacher. Mrs.
Pete told your reporter (exc.usive) that
"she don't mind no expense so long as
she can put out Mrs. J^e's eye."
Your reporter has with much difficulty
succeeded in petting descriptions of a few ]
of the most expensive and notable get-ups.
Mrs. Ernestina Bhnlcy, the world
famed heiress of a rockpile, will wear a
new dress of pink cheesecloth and pillow-
case lace. The waist will bo made with
needle and thread, and the skirt wi'l dip
on one side. Every one will be wild over
her new gree;i glass breastpin. Mrs.
B inky will wear a switch, and have her
weather-eye open for a beau.
Young Miss Manzanita Jim will be
dazzling in red and white, imuio in a s'yle
of her own, and it is whispered she has
new shoes. Her hair will be dressed ala
curling-iron, and she wiilcarrya handker
chief if she doesn't forget it.
Mrs. Vanderwerthenlieimer of Uivtlic-
Gulch intends to wear her old polka-dot
wrapper, und yen dose Pete's don't let
her in she smashes dcr whole compoodle
on der ncse. Mis. Vandenwerthenheim.T
will have a chip on her shoulder and fire
in her eye.
The gentlemen will wear clothes. There
was some talk of excluding washed over
alls, but as men are necessary to pay the
fiddler they may come any way that is
lawful.
Haifbreeds are not to be admitted if
they will stay out, and Indians may sit
on the fence and watch the 40(0) go by.
around and began to make things as pleas
tint as 1 could for the reptiles. I have a
pretty nice harvest every year now.
"How do I kill' em? Just hit them with
a thin stick. A rattler is the easiest sort
of thing to kill, you know. Only don't
hit down at a rattler; he'll be apt to get
you if you do. ' Hit sideways. You can
hit quicker that way, and besides,' it cuts
off his movements better and more
surely."
Dorney doesn't have any regular harvest
time. He just goes around killing off the
big snakes as fast as he wants to work.
When he has slaughtered four or five !
dozen he gets to work skinning them, and
then he tries out the fat in a big kettle
that rests on an adobe oven in front of 'his
cabin. Dorney's cabin is not entirely like
the other cabins in that part of the world.
It rests on stilts ana is ten/ feet above
the ground. This altitude !is not for sani
tary reasons entirely, , but to insure soli
tude at night in the midst of unpleasant i
company. There is a rude ladder reach
ing from the ground to the door.
"I had steps at first," says Dorney, "but ■
I found some of the. big 'fellers' could
climb them." ~:
Now he sleeps soundly at night with' i
only that keg of -firewater for company, !
and the fact that there may be a neat I
little sura of money in the house does rot j
trouble him. No one will molest whatever i
riches there may be ID Mark Dorney's t
house, for no one will cros* th» dead line. ■.
i Luke Nobiu. j
Nobody is to be allowed to carry borne
any supper in nis pocket, but to balance
that drawback Mr*. Pete will open a jar
of her famous watermelon-nnd preserves.
Not more than three couples will have
to use one spoon. Mtj. Pete has reck
lessly determined to bring out liei whole
| ball dozen and ail her rare old ironstone
I cups.
If any one gets too drunk to dance he
is expected to roll under the bencb like a
gentleman. "This won't be no low af
fair."
Those who are not invited are ready to
! give opinions as to this waste of money
! and lime. Your reporter appends a few.
I (Exclusive.)
"If Mrs. Dutch Pete wants to make be-
I lieve she is somebody it ain't none of my
pie.— Nancy Oldbird."
"Mrs. Dutch Pete haint no business
• puttin' on style with her old dance when
she owes me 90 cents yet on her rag
I carpet.— Mrs. General Weaver."
"I wouldn't go if I could. She thinks
j herself better than them that can buy and
] sell her any day.— Mrs. McStinger."
"If Mrs. Pete had donated the hen to
I the pastor's family she would be more
! certain of salvation. — Rev. Starvedout."
"Mrs. Pete's hens and things is hern,
and she can do as she likes for all me. —
Mrs Short."
"Mrs. Pete is jest right. I'd get ahead oj
them Turkey Joe's if it took every old hen
in the yard.— Mrs. Vindex."
The Hungry Hill Bofao says there are in
Hungry Hill a dozen people who could
afford a hen, but no one there wants to get
her name up.
The puddle will not subfile into its
usual stagnant quid until nest Saturday,
when Mrs. Dutch Pete's dance will be a
thing oi the past. Olive Heydkn.
Quair\t English Gustoms.
There is scarcely a manor in England
where some queer old custom dating bacJC
to feudal times does not survive, recalling
the former prestige and glory of tn c
"lords of the manor." Thus at Brough
ton, on each Pa'ni Sunday since time
immemorial, the so-called "gad whip' 1
memorial service takes place. The
lord of the manor, leaving his pew
in tho chancel, advances to fhe steps
thereof and crncks a heavy carnage
whip three times, while the rector is
reading the first lesson. At the beginning
of the second lesson he approaches the
parson with his whip in his hand and a
purse with gold pieces tied to the other
end of the lash. This he waves thrice in
the air and then holds the whip so that
the purse hangs directly over tho priest's
head until the cone usion of the chapter,
when the priest takes possession of the
imrse and reverently places it on the altar.
Volumes might bt written about these
aueer manorial customs, the origin of
most of them being lost in antiquity.
A Bishop's Story.
A good story is i oing the rounds on
Bishop Paret of Baltimore. Some time
ago he was the guest of an Episcopal
family in West Virginia. Learn
ing from the Bishop that he
liked hard- boiled eges for breakfast,
his hostess went to the kitchen to
boil them herself. While so engaged
she began to sing the first stanza of a
hymn. Then she sang the second stanza,
the Bishop, who was in the dining-room,
joining in. When it was finished there
was silence, and the Bishop remarked,
"Why not sing the third verse?" "The
third verse?" replied the lady, as she came
into the dining-room carrying the steam
ma eggs. "Ob, that's not necessary." "I
don't undeisrand," replied Bishop I'aret.
"Oh, you see," she said, "when I am
cooking esrgs I always sing one verse
for soft boiled and two for hard boiled."
Glowworms are much more brilliant
when a storm is coming on than at other
seasons. Like many otner mysteries of
nature this curious circumstance has
never oeen explained.
IfEW TO-DAY. 1
FREE- TO EVERY lAN.
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
FOR WEAOESS OF Ml
WHICH CURED HIM AFTER EVERT-
. THING ELSE FAILED.
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
roan is slowly wanting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings a;e ten
times worse than the most severe pnin. There
is no let up to the mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
■uch a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus cud all
his throubk's. But providential inspiration
' came to his aid in the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send bis name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now, when I say free I mean absolutely
j without cost, because I want every weakened
I man to get the benefit of my experience.
I am not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
I an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering the mental tortures of weakened
manhood who would bo cured' at onca could
they but get such a remedy jas the one thai
cured me. ■'■ Do not try to study out how I can
i afford to pay the few postage-stumps necessary
to mail the information,' but toad for it and
learn that there are. a: few things onearih
that, nlthougii they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time of Happiness An, most of us. Write to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kanniuoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a plain
sealed envelope.
, ■» — »* ■ i ii ■ ■
2526
IN CHILD HOODS REALM
A thought for the comiDg week:
"That the tongue is not steel,
Yet it cuts!"
March! yon blustering, noisy lout!
What are yon d> ing V Where do you stay ?
Winter is flying in broken array;
Come! bid her whirl to the right-about-
Get the fields ready for April and May.
Thaw the ice from the frozen rill.
Blow the clouds to their proper places,
Gather the strong winds loud and shrill
To dry the marsh and to clear the hill,
For spring to display her airs and graces!
Awkward you are, and sharp, no doubt;
Still are we glad to see you near,
With cheek so ruddy and eye so clear,
With lusty humor and joyous shout,
Calling iar ofi ior the summer to hear.
Rough as your clumsy touch may be,
It fringes the tassel for alder and larch;
Your jolly, gruff laughter rings merry and
arch;
You are the sort of a fellow for me—
Come from your hiding-place. Forward,
March! M. E. Blake.
'Tis March! March witb his dark days
of farewell to winter and bis bright blue
days of promise of coming spring.
The Romans gave to this grand old blus
tering fellow his name in honor of Mars,
their god of war.
If those who were blown to this world
of ours by bieak March winds ever wear
upon their fingers a bloodstone they will
be given great wisdom, and in time of
danger be always firm and brave.
An odd stone it is, too; hard and finely
tibrous, being really a kind of iron ore. It
varies in its color from a steely gray to a
bright blood red.
It was very highly prized by the an
cients, many of the Egyptian intaglios be
ing made of it, but now it is principally
used as a polish for other stones and
metals.
"What is commonly called the blood
stone is only a variety of quartz, greenish,
with flecks of red jasper through it.
The violet! the violet! Sweet emblem of
sweet modesty is the flower chosen by
March, and right royally doss be itrew
them over the hills and sunny vales of our
glorious State.
jLfuring the last week the sun rose and
set on a day that will shine out forever as
one of the brightest days in the history of
our Nation.
The 4th of Marca, when William Mc-
Kinley was inaugurated President of the
United- States.
Now join with me, boys and girls of the
C. R. C, in giving three cheers and a tiger
for our new President, William McKinley.
Spring.
I come, I coma with my cheering smile
Each waiting flower to greet;
O'er hill and dale,
In wild wood vale,
Are the marks of my dancing feet.
My steps are light as a feather blown
Wherever the wind may list;'
But the flowers wild
Have blushed and smiled,
Wherever my lips have kissed.
The hills are clothed with a vivid green
Of softest moss and grass;
A graceful bed
For the lovely head
Of each little wildwood lass.
I bring for these, my children dear,
The gift, of a sunny smile,
And a soft caress,
And a dainty dross
Colored ia glowing style.
To them I am a Santa Claus
Who comes but once a year,
But I linger long
With a smile and song;
I sm loth to disappear.
Mrs E. J. Cafferty.
True Story of
Billy Young,
JHE DRUJ^ER BOY.
BY STELLA M. IDDINUS.
(As Related to Her by Her Father.)
IriN July, 1862, Captain Owens opened a
jj recruiting office in Detroit for the
_!£ Twenty-fourth Michigan Infantry, and
to attract attention he Dad little Billy
Young (who did not look to be over 8
years old) drumming for him in front of
his office. No one thought of so small a
boy going to the war; but Billy was full
o f fight and wanted to do his share in put
ting down the rebellion.
His mother would not consent to his gc
ine with the regiment and it nearly broke
the little fellow's heart. So it was a sad
day for him when the Twenty-fourth left
A GAME WITH MAMMA'S BOA.
March bloWs aWavj the storms of Winter
To make earth and skvj ready for the joys of spring.
j Billy for a "home guard" and went to the
"front" without him. Yet he kept on
beating his drum in public, but kept his
thoughts to himself.
One day not lone after the Twenty
fourth departed he saw troops going on
board a boat bound for Washington. He
joined the troops and asking no questions
he walked on board unmolested. The i
Twenty-fourth was in camp at Washing- j
ton, and what was their surprise to see j
one day coming up the road but a
drum with a little head just peeping over |
it, and lo! and behold Billy soon arrived,
happy and hungry. The captain wrote
his mother concerning his whereabouts j
and she could do no more than give her j
j consent for him to remain. So Billy en- ]
j listed as a drummer.
The regiment soon went into active ser
■ vice and the little drummer was allowed
j to "run wild" or any way he liked. Some- '
where in Maryland he picked up a little
darky boy about his own age named
I Lincoln. They chummed, and when Billy j
was tired Lincoln carried the drum. They
ate, slept and were always together— very
. much alike except in color.
Billy's clothes soon wore out, so he had
to tafee a pair of men's pants and cut off
the legs. Then he pulled the waistband
clear up to his armpits and did not care
how long the war lasted. Nevertheless he
| had lots of "good stuff" in him, only it
i needed to be brought out. After about
j six months his captain had a tine new
j military suit of clothes made on purpose
i for Bitly by a tailor in the company. The
I little boy next had his hair cut and went
\to the creek and took a good bath. Put
! ting on the new suit he took a look at bim
: self; first at his pants, then at his coat.
' Finally straightening himself up be said:
! "Now, Billy, yon have got to be a man.
| You can't chum with the darky any
! more." An for the rest of the time he was
| a perfect little gentleman and did the
j drumming both for the brass band and for
j the drum corp*.
Sometimes on dress parade the running
blackberry vines would catch his feet and
i over on his drum he would go, just as any
boy might fall over a barrel, but up he
would jump, run and get his place and
drum away as if it was all in the play.
i Even the colonel had often to smile, and
some of the band boys couldn't blow for
: laughing.
Billy was a temperance boy, too. Yes, he
i promised his mother he wouldn't drink
i and he kept that promise faithfully. Often
■ when the band went to serenade some
generals he felt insulted v.'hen the bottle
was passed to him. Once as his regiment
was failing back (won't call it retreating)
from Stevensburg, Va., the shells were
| falling pretty thick, and Billy, if he was
j small, was making "good time."
As they passed a house where several
' ladies stood looking out, one of them said :
' "Oh! see that little drummer-boy." An
other said: "Where? O, yes! The dear,
| little fellow."
Billy shouted: "If you feel so bad as
that, why don't yon bring out a hoe-cake?
; But then, don't know as I could stop to
i eat it. I'm very anxious to get across the
river just now."
On the march for Gettysburg he got
very tired, so when he passed near the
quartermaster's wagon, as he knew a good
thing when he saw it, he stopped with
him. Here let me say he was always wel
come anywhere around headquarters. He
would co out to buy butter and eggs of
the farmers, and when he offered the
i money to pay they invariably refused it.
He said it didn't make him mad a bit
when they refused the money. In that
way be kept the quartermaster's table
well supplied. After the battle of Gettys
| burg come one said: "Billy, where were
j you at the time of tho fight?" Straight
ening up his little form he answered:
"Twenty-six miles in the* rear, living on
the fat of the land." There was another
William Young in the regiment Once
when Colonel Morrow was at home on a
furlough Billy's mother asked Die colonel
wh<»t kind of a soldier her son made.
Thinking of the other William Young,
he answered, "A good soldier — always in
the thickest of the fight." The mother
was frightened, and cried: "What! my
little boy in the thickest of the fight?"
The colonel saw his mistake and said,
"Ob, you mean little Billy. He is a good
boy and a fine drummer."
While the regiment was in front of Pe
tersburg Billy got a fifteen-day furlough
to go home and see his mother. He got
back as far as City Point, Va., on time,
but being quite sick he called on a Mrs.
Dr. Ripley — a lady in charge of the low
dist Kitchen whose brother was one of the
Twenty-fourth boys and on duty there—
and. as Billy had met Mrs. R. several
tirces before, h« was as much at home in
her tent as though it was his mother's.
The comrade notified the colonel in the
I morning of his re»,urn, about fcis sickness,
and Billy was allowed to stay at the hos
pital until he was better. It took a long
I time for him to recover, for ha had so
much fun boating on Appomattox Bay and
taking in the sights at the landing that he
didn't care to be better. Billy was a fine
scroll writer. One day Mrs. Ripley saw
that he was very busy with a pencil and a
pine board. After he had gone out she
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
found he had made a tombstone for her
brother, all filled out in fine style. It
read thus:
Sacred to the memory of
Edwin Cotton.
Who departed this life gallantly fighting
for his country.
Peace to his ashes.
But everything has to end at some time.
One day Billy came in looking a little
sober." Sfid he: "Here is an imperative
order for me to report to my regiment."
■But Billy," said the comrade, "do you
think you are strong enough to go yet?"
"I'm afraid I'm not quite; the bay looks
so tempting, 1 think I'll chance it a lew
days more," was his reply.
Well, he finally went back and the
colonel was so pleased to see him that he
asked no questions about his sickness.
He served the full term (three years) and
went home to Detroit quite a grown-up
boy. He proved to be sober and indus
trious. After a while ho learned the en
graver's trade, married a pretty girl and
becrme in time the head of a family.
So, according to the old adage I will say
in conclusion: "All's well that ends
well."
U WAS YOU EVER A NAUGHTY GIRL, FAN-FAN?"
Robbie's Story.
"Tell me a story, niimms, please,"
urged little five-year-old Robbie; as his
mother came into the sitting-room where
he was playing with his Noah's Ark. "I'm
just t:oing to put Noah ami his wife to
bed, and the animals are shut up for the
night. Won't you tell me a story?"
"There isn't much time before papa
comes home, dear; only about Qfteen
minutes. He is coming early to-night."
"Never mind, mamma; you can tell me
a nice little story in fifteen minutes if you
begin right away," ana Robbie drew his
little chair close beside his mother's and
waited for her to begin.
"Once upon a time," she began, "a good
while ago, there was a little boy named
Otto."
"How lone ago, mamma? Was it
evsr'n ever so many days, or was it a
year?"
"It was more than a year, Robbie."
"How long time is a year, mamma?"
"A year is twelve months."
"But how many days, I mean?"
"Three hundred and sixty-five," an
swerrd Robbie's mamma.
"Oh, what lots of daysl" said Robbie,
looking very thoughtful. "Was Otto a
very little boy, mamma, littler than me?"
"Don't say 'littler than me,' dear," said
Robbie's mamma, "for that isn't a nice
way to talk. Say smaller than I."
"Why can't I say littler as well as
smaller, mamma? I think it sounds just
as nice."
"I can't explain that to you now, Rob
bie, but if you don't care 10 hear about
the little boy, I'll go and see about papa's
supper," said Robbie's mamma, half-rising
from her seat.
"Oh, I do, I do, mamma!" cried Robbie,
twisting his little chair about and seizing
his mother by the neck. "Please tell me
what the little boy did."
"The little boy went out to play in the
garden," began Robbie's mamma again,
but Robbie interrupted:
"Was it a great big garden, mamma, or
was it just a little one, like ours?"
"It was a pretty large garden," Rob
bie's mamma answered, patiently, "and
little Otto staried out to play there — "
"Did it have flowers and trees, and
pretiy, furry caterpillars, and dear little
bop-toads, mamma?"
"Yen. it had all those, just like our gar
den; nnd Otto "
"O mamma, I think I must tell you
somefin' before I forget it again. You i
know the soiled place on my blouse you
asked me 'boutl"
"Yes. You said you didn't know how
it came there," answered Robb c's mamma,
soberly.
"Well, mamma, I did 'orget, but now I
'member all 'bout it. There was a dear
little hop-toad lying rig it down in the
garden patch, watchm' to catch a fly for
His breakfus.' I didn't want to 'sturb him,
so I nad to lie right flat on my stomach to
kiss him, he looked so cunning!"
"Bnt you shouldn't have kissed him,
Robbie. You know I've told you a great
many times not to kiss anything or any
body but papa and mr.mmnand uncle and
auntie. Can't you remember, Robbie V"
"I thin* I'll 'member now, mamma,"
said Robbie quickly, evidently anx-ous to
change the .-übject. "Tell me, mamma,
what did the little boy do when he went
out in the garden?"
"When the little boy went out into the
garden to play," continued Robbie's
mammn, "he did not notice v black cloud
that was just coming up in ibe West."
"What made the cloud black, mamma?
Did the angels up in the sky paint it
black?"
"No, dear; clouds are black when they
are lull of rain or wind."
"I don't like black clouds, mamma, and
I don't believe the little boy liked them
either. I like white clouds and pink and
red clouds. Mamma, are there any green
cloud*?"
"No, Robbie—"
"Why?"
"Now, Robbie, you must not nsk so
many questions, or I shall never finish my
story," said Robbie's mamma a little im
patiently. "Otto, as I said, went out in
the garden, and he carried with him a lit
tle shovel and pail — "
"O, mamma," cried Robbie, jumping
out of his. cliair, "was he going to dig
clams ? Don't you 'member what a lovely
time I had on the beach with my little
shovel and pail when the man snowed me
how to dig clams out of the mud, and they
siuck out their little biuck heads and spit
at me."
"Yes, I remember," said Robbie's
mamma, pressing her little boy oack into
his chair. "Do sit down, Robbie. Otto, you
know, was in a garden, not on the beacli.
Clams don't live in flower sardens."
"Why don't they live in flower gardens,
mamma? What do nice little clams live
in the mud for?"
I Robbie wriggled himself hail-way across
his mamma's lap, and looked eageriy up
into her face. Robbie's mamma began to
look tired, ami paying no at'.ention to his
last question she went on with her story.
"Otto, as I tola you, did not notice the
bLck cloud, and he was walking into the
gnipe-arbor swinging his little pail, when
suddenly he beard a loud rumble and a
crnsh which he knew was thunder — "
"Oh, mamma! Wasn't he awfully fright
ened? I don't like thunder."
Robbie's mamma glanced at the clock.
1 But what makes the lightning? Mam
ma, teil me what makes—"
Robbie's mamma held up h»r hand,
while a look of great relief came over her
1 face.
"Hark! I think that is papa's step in
the hall. Yes, it is. Come, let us run
and meet him."
"But, mamma, I want to hear the rest
of the story about the little boy In the
garden," cried Robbie, as his mamma
hastened into the hall. — Youth's Com
panion.
Inauguration
Was Nowhere.
On last Thursday morniner a boy o
14, who is a good friend o: mine, and who
by the way, is tha son of a pi orainent attor
ney, asked the date.
"Why, my dear," 1 explained, "this \±
the 4th ol March, the great inauguration
day."
"Oh, is it?" he exciaimed. "Well, I
wasn't thinking of that. I was just think
ing that it's only thirteen days till the
great righi comes off!"
Children's Sayings.
I Mother— No, Charlie: you cannot have two
pieces of ! pie. v ■..•■'•■» * '
: Charlie— Dan will .'on div me tree? ••'
Sunday-school Teacher— Johnnie, what took
Simson's strength? ! . ' : i
I Johnnie— The barber. ' . " '
i Mother— Mary, go to the butcher's and get
me a 10-cent steak. .:';-. ' ; O
: Mary (to butcher five minutes later)—
Mamma wants a ten-cent post. ., . '..'■;
Mamma— Eddie, go and get mamma a drink.
, Eddie— l can't, mamma, the dark is in the
way. i ' : v Elsie L. Blodget. ■
i -■/'- ':-.-. ♦ , :. . '•':,'•'"".■; '- 1 '
j A pretty story is told about a little boy
hose i elder sister •is much interested in
photography, and gives ; the ; family - the
benefit of many . observations about : her
work. Tins little boy was takeu to the
Courthouse to see the end ■of a certain >
trial. He came home and told his moili r
about it. "The Judge made a ?p?ech to
the jury," he said, "and thtn sent them
into a little dark room to develop."
THE LETTER BOX
Vallejo, Cal., March 1, 1897.
Dear Editress: We are two little boys named
John and George, aged seven and a half and
five and a half respectively. .We both go to
the North Vallej> School and like it very
much. We have a pet cat, which Is/ jet-black.
We call it Pussy, and have lots of tuu with it.
It will not allow any other cat to come inside
the gate, and has scared nil the rats away.
We have often wished to belong to the C. R.
C, but could not think of anything which we
could do nice enough for your paper. . This
afternoon we tried some gobolinks, and have
sent you our two nicest ones.
As we think our letter is getting long we
must now close, hoping it will escape the
wastebasket, as it is our first letter to your
letter box. We remain your new friends,
John Hunter Patterson,
George Anderson Patterson.
Oakland, Cal., Feb. 28, 1897.
Hear Editress: I have not written to you
since I came home from Watson ville, about
eight or nine months ago. I fell and sprained
my ankle on Washington's birthday, and have
not been able to go to school. I wish to be a
member of the C. R. C, so I shall send in a
puzzle or two. Hoping to see my letter in
print next Sunday I shall close. Affection
ately, i~ , Jennie Morgan. :
" Newville, Cal., Feb. 18. 1897.
Lear Editor; I have written some rhymes to
join the C. R. C. ii they will be accepted.
These are the first rhymes I ever tried to write:
.:; .'." .^, MY FIRST BHYME. ."
The water Is oiue.
The owls say, "Woo! woo!"
The little birds twitter,
And the little girls titter,
The do a key brays ;. ; ,
On «unny days.
The flowers bloom
And the cannons go boom.
The boys play ball ' , .•.-.'.- •-
And tbeii read The Call.
The birds sing
By the spring,
And the boys jump over the wall,
To get to read The Call.'
From Master <; usarE Wheelxb.
Dinvba, Cal., Feb. 28, 1897.
Dear Editor: I thought 1 would write you a
letter and send you some puzzles. I have not
.seen any letters from Dinuba in The Call,
and so I thought I would write one. I was 12
years old last January. I am in the fifth
grade. We live three miles and a half from
Diuuba. ■-*-. • :V','^_ __•''"
Papa has a farm. I ride horseback to school.
1 like my teacher very much ; his name is Mr.
Horseman. The flowers are very pretty now.*
I think the' poppy and the baby blue-eyes are
the prettiest. We have two dogs and one cat.
Hoping to see my letter in print, I reman
your reader, Gretchen Nichols.
Grass Valley, Cal., Feb. 28, 1897.
Dear Editor: 1 would like very much to be a
member of the C. R. C, so I thought that f
would send some puzzles. The only pet 1
have is a little white kitten. Hi; name is
snowball. In the morning when it is cold ho
sits on the hearth of the stove and burns his
fur black. My teacher's name is Mis^ Rose
vere. lam in the sixth grade and go to the
Bell Hill School. I go to the Episcopal church
and Sunday-school. Yours truly,
Florence Kent.
' Ukiah, Cal., Feb. 28.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter. lam a
little girl 8 years old. I go to Sunday-school.
I would like to join the C. R. C. circle. My
kitty has not been poisoned yet. I had the
measles and had to stay out at school for a
ong time. Yours truly, Donna Brunner.
San Francisco, March 1, 1897.
Dear Editor and Members of C. R. C. : This is
my first letter to The Call. I have often
wished to writer f> you, but we nave moved so. j
oft.n that I hardly hal time. I am now living
at the Richmond Hotel. I go to the S. H. P.
Convent school, where nothiug but refinement
is allowed. lam a cousin of'Pattl and Leta
De Ferri. My papa; has taken The Call lor
eight years, and 1 like the children's page
very much. My cousin will be surprised when
she sees that 1 can write a letter to you. 1
try to solve the puzzles, but can't. I hope you
will not put my letter in the wsstebasket.
Your friend, Verda Hazel Grant.
Svsanville, Cal., Feb. 21, 1897.
Dear Editor: I have never seen a letter lrom
Susanvillo so 1 though I would write one. I
live about four miles from. Susanville, one
quarter of a mile from the flouring-mill and
about three-quarters of a mile from the school
house.
East of the schoolhouse twenty-five rods is a
creamery called ;he Diamond Mountain
Creamery. I like to live in the country. lam
II years old. My father takes the Daily Call.
I enjoy reading the .children's page in The
Sunday Call, especially the letters. I have a
little white pony, with a black mane and tail,
named Joe. In the summer I like to ride
horseback and help my papa to drive cattle.
My little friend has a; pony too. When the
weather is pleasant we go horseback riaing.
As my letter is growing long I shall close,
and hope it will escape the wastebasket.
Sincerely your little reader,
_ Josie.V. Cramer.
Perms Grove, Cal., Feb. 27, 1897.
Dear Editor: j I didn't see my letter in the
last paper so hope to see this one printed. We
had a big snow up here. Our school will ,
commence next Monday. I think my letter is.
getting too long, so I shall close. Your friend,
• . Lucy Duerson (12 years).
P. a— l should like to belong to the C. R. C.
■ vi. : Calistoga, Cal., Feb. 22, 1897.
Dear Editor: 1 am a little boy 10 years old.
I have never Written 'to you before, but my
sister Eva has often done so. Igo to the Calis
toga public school and am in the fifth grade.
My teacher's name is Mrs. C. A. Carroll. My
sister is in the eighth grade and her teacher's
name is Professor Huskey. She is 14 years
old. I have been taking lessous on the violin
for nbout six months, C. Caramano being my
teacher. Eva' takes lessons on the piano of
him also. 1 like my music, but would rather
hunt birds than practice. I should like to
join the C. R. C, but I am afraid I will not,
for I can't write | stories and poems and can't
euess puzzles very well. , Hoping that you will
publish my letter I am your friend,
' Johnny O. Navonb.
- San Francisco, Cal., Fob. 21, 1897.
Dear Editor: I am going to make a proposal
to the member" of Childhood's Realm, which,
if you think well of, I would like to see in
print. My proposal is that the members of
Childhood's Realm try to secure the old and
cherished statue of Washington which* is in
Woodward's Gardens as a relic of the play
grounds of the children of the early days of
San Francisco before there was any beautiful
Golden Gate Park, ( os a memorial of the
founder of Woodward* Gardens and our be
loved Washington. , ''•"," '* '• ■ " .' V-'\
V If the children would try to secure this mon
ument I feel sure that some lover of children
and of his country would nelp us to place it in
♦he children's piny 'ground..: Your patriotic
little reader, :;yi Hazel* Bell, age 11 years. ~
; ' j Sierra City. Cal., Feb. 23, 1897. 1
fj Fear Editor: This letter is a description of
Sierra City. It is a town of about 600 popula
tion. ' The schoolchildren number between
sixty-five and seventy-five. - The schoolhouse
is a pretty well built structure; it is warm in
winter. There ; are about "eighteen > inches of
show here 'now. The snowshoelng is fine, as
is the sleigh-riding. In a recent issue of Tub
Sunday Call you ' called it "siceeing," as they
call ' it 'in Norway. Snowsboeing Jis 'a" fine
•port. The other day I went to a place where
■ ■- • »
I had some fox traps set. On my way home I
had one of the swiftest rides on the "skees"
tnat 1 ever had. The snowshoes are made of
wood. In the middle it is the thickest, where
the straps for the feet go in. The snowshoes
are tapering and the tip is bent or curved. To
make snowshoes it is necessary to get the
straigntest grained wood possible. In my
next letter I shall tell more about "skees," or
snowshoes, and I shall also give a recipe for
"dope," which is used on the skees to make
them go. Your reader,
Theodore Joos (C. R. C).
News Brain-Rackeys.
I. Form a proverb of these words: Tin, am,
dime, dear, it, won, fan, to.
Lillian Mitchell (C. R. C).
11. Two O's, two N's, an L aud a D,
Put them together, then spell them
to me. F. Kent (C. R. C).
111. (a) Behead a limit and have a color.
(b) Behead one of a society and have a hot
cinder.
(c) Behead an edge and have a command.
Gretchen .Sicholls (C. R. C).
IV. (a) Why are be.ls used in calling people
to church?
(b) When does a clock have a "high old
time"? Selected by A. Crawford (C. R. C).
V. In which montn do ladies talk the least?
M. Lagomabsino (C. R. C).
HE LOVES THE WARRIOR BOLD. '
VIII. General 8888 $0.01 his cccc A +
TEA he River. J. Morgan (C R .C.)
IX. My 1 is in kid, not in goat; .
. My 2is In gnu. not in antelope;
My 3 is in rhyme, not in verse;
My 4 is in bad, not in worse
My sis in swim, not in float; •
My whole is a French writer of note.
hartley c. Jackson, c. r. c.
X. . Why is March 3 a day to be remembered
especially in Russia?
Why is the 17th of March a holiday in Ire-
land?
• • '
,
Horrcrt Ar\«>Wpr«;
uorrecr. answers.
For February 28,1897.
I. Mississippi. '
11. Wagon. . -. .
111. Winter. ;.< w
IV. Revel, lever, spool, loops.
siaplpais* 15 '
Garb, brag.
Live, evil.
Golf.ilosr.
VI. Word square.
8 C R A P
CHAIR
RAISE
AISLE
PREEN
VII. He, Hen, Henry. .;
VIII. Things done by halves are never done
right.
IX. Wheel, heel, eel. .
Spoke, poke.
Tlre- lre-
"Come, little boy," his grandma said, «
"Upon this chair you'll sit,
And Hold the. worsted in your hands,
And help your grandma knit."
X. Crocus, mable, horse, oriole, dude,
chloral.
VI. My lis in cake, but not In pie.
My 2 is in spider, but not in fly.
My 3 is in chair, but not in stool.
My 4 is in cane, but not in rule.
My 5 is in cook, but not in bake.
My 6 is in water, Dut not in lake.
My whole is a place where salt mines
abound,
And in some of these mines many tra?
elera are found.
Beth Johnstone (C. R. C).
VIL Green am I in spring;
Late in summer, yellow;
In the autumn, red—
When the days grow mellow.
You on me may read,
You on me may write;
Green, red, yellow,
Though I am,
I am white.
Wrinkle not my face,
Let me live in clover;
Look, but handle not;
Yes, you may turn me over.
Selected by Alma Sea. (C. R. C).
Names of Puzzle-Solvers.
Answers to puzzles of February 28 have
been received from the following members of.
C- R. C: Alice Bell, Madalena Lagomarsino,
Theo Joos, Lillian P. Mitchell, Retha Waldan,
i red Anthes and Alma Sea,
For February 21 from . Theo Joos, Madalena
Lagomarsino and L. P. Mitchell. '
From non-members for February 28: May
I McCarthy, Lillie Rusac,Elsie Davis, Irene Fur
long and Florence Kent.
—:
Letters Acknowledged.
•' ' -1
: Besides letters published Dleasant comma*
i nications have been received from those whoso
j names follow: Atta May Adams, Mary L. WIN
I linms, Louise Nelle, Elsie L. Blodget, Clara
Chase, Annie E. Rogers, Alice J. Johnson,
Retha w& _ dan (c R c}> Bec!.ie Helno
(C. R. C). George M. Furlong, Harry Peshon,
A. Voice, F. Anthes (C. R. C). Susie Cardoza,
Oia Watkins, Elsie Davis. August Wardlnger
and P< and c. de Ferri (C r. c.).,
_/\mor\g Our Exchanges.
A story of Northern Arizona, by Kirk Miln
roe, is now being published in Harper's
Round Table. This is sure to De of much in
terestto the boys.
The last number of this bright paper con
tains an interesting, timely article on "The
Inauguration of a President."
'-Golden Days" of March 6 is full of enter
talcing stories for old and young. Its puzzle
department is one of the best published.
...... .. D . i; JK,
;; ;<u Childhood s JiealmGlub.
The first day of March is celebrated by the
Welsh people in honor of their patron saint,
St. David.
"Oh, yes," the little boy replied,
And smiled a little bit;
"There's nothing I like more to do
Than help my grandma—nit!"
—Harper's Round T»M«.A Battle Underneath the Ocean's Waves
May Be a Feature of the Next Qreat War— Jules Verne's Dreams
May Be Pealized
I|T SEEMS a fact beyond question that
a marked feature of the next great
_ii war will be submarine conflicts. Ex
periments have just been made with tir
ing solid shot and projectiles under water
with marked success.
Not only will wave-hidden mines ana
marine torpedoes act as destructive ele
ments, but it has jun been discovered
that guns can be successfully fired under
water, and an effective submarine battery
will be a part of the armament of every
coast fortification.
It is bad enough to take chances of
being blown into the air in fragments, ship
ACTUAL TEST DEMONSTRATES THAT SOLID SHOT CAN BE FIRED U.NDcR WATER. .
a I all, by the explosion of a dynamite \
mine hidden under the water, or to have
a jagged hole made in the vitals of the sh ip
beneath the water line, but there is some
thing distinctively terriole in the thought
that along the shore, no one can tel:
where, there is hidden a submarine bat
tery which can s-end solid shot, and ex
j lo?ive shells through the water and all
c bs:ruct:on* until they reach the hull of
the doomed ship.
Tell the ordinary sailor or marine there
is danger ahead and he will cheerfully
fjce it. That is his business and what he
is there for. He expects i». But like the
child w o is afraid of the nameless and
unknown terrors of the dark, both Jack
and the Jolly have a holy and reasonably
pardonable horror of the unknown.
In a state of war everybody is prepared
for such things as a sudden journey into
the air and a descent in fragments, or a
dull explosion followed by a ripping of the
, and the graduated sinking of the
i 4c battle-ship. There is nothing like
this, however, in connection with the dis
charge of a submerged battery.
There is no report, no smoke and no in
timation, save a slight ripple of the water,
that anything unusual has occurred, unti:
suddenly the vast hull shivery, trembles
a* if a ledge had been struck and then
wit ha roll and a plunge goes downward
to the bottom.
Unlike the torpedo which can in a meas
ure be guarded aguinst and the mine
which Can be located and exploded in a
variety of ways there are no known means
of guarding against a military attack
when made below the surface. For the
experiments which demonstrated the en
tire feasibility of the firing of guns be
neath the surface of the water a 110
--j>ound gun was used. The experiments
i recently made in Portsmouth harbor were
I unique, in detail.
i At low water tb.3 sun and its carriage
V.vaa lowered beneath the surface and a
diver sent down to place it in position on
a solid plank platform laid on the bot
tom. Tho platform was weighted with
lar(;e blocks of granite to keep it steady
and the gun and carriage was then placed
in position.
Fur the first test a target composed of
oak-beams and plar.ks twenty-one inches
thick was lowered and set in position be
neath the water at a distance of seventy
live feet from the muzzle-of the gun._ l>e
hind this target the hull of an old vessel
was towed into position directly in the
line of the fire from the gun.
In order to make the test the more
severe sheets of boiler plate, three inches
in thickness, w«r • riveted to the hull of
the craft at the point where the shell from
the gun woujd strike, if it was not de
flected by the water.
Having made all these preparations the
diver cam*; to the surface, and talcing the
shell with which the experiment Mas to
be made again went below the surface and
carefully loaded the gun, which was then
aimed at the target ana the hull.
A wire connecting with the firing mech
anism of the eun led to the shore some
distance away, where it connected with
an electric battery in charge of the firing
pnrty. The test was made at high tide.
When all the conditions were right the
T word was given and the current sent from
' the battery through the wire to the sub- ,
merged gun. There was a slight disturb
ance of the water over the place where the
gun was sunk, aud the vessel anchored
beyond the target was seen to rock and
sway and then gradually settle ia the
water and sink.
Splinters of wood covered the surface,
and there was every indication that the
experiment had been a succ/ss. At the
next low tide an examination was made
of the sunken vessel, when it was found
that the hull'had been pierced completely
through by the solid shot. The target
was in splinters. The three-inch boiler
plate was in fragments and portions of it
driven into the woodwork of the hull,
while on both sides of the hull balow the
water line were two huge jagged holes big
enough to sink a ship of the line in rive
minutes.
No one was more suvprised at the un
expected results than the experts who
witnessed the tests. They had expected
The Great Elephant Artillery of India
Neither JMire Nor Barricade Pro^e Lasting Obstacles to the
progress of the Tremendous Beasts
Hp\HE elephant has become one of the
vJ"^ most important adjuncts of the
j4f* English army in India. He is at
tached to the artillery in every sense of
the word and drags the biggest guns as if
they were feathers, keeping a steady pace
with the tramp, tramp, tramp of the in
fantry. He is no laggard at any time and
deep indeed must be the mire and high
the barricade which be cannot walk
through or demolish. In one respect the
elephant in artillery is like Napoleon — he
never knows defeat.
The officers and men of the Indian army
have for years been working with the idea
of making the elephant more and more
useful. At first the big beast was usect on
the fortifications for hauling timber and
all Kinds of tasks for which great strength,
absolute obedience and docility were re
quired. Tne elephant is not a particularly
intelligent beast and therefore his prog
ress has been slow along the lines laid
down by the disciples of Mars, Now he
knows a3 well what to do as the best
posted ariilleryman and will bring his gun
to the regimental front with as much pre
cision as the veriest martinet who wields
the sword could desire.
To gnin an accurate idea of the elephant
in service with the artillery a glance at
the accompanying illustration is helpful.
He is shown at rest and on parade, and
to all appearances realizes as well as the
mahout, who perches upon the g ant
head, that he is or. view and must look
his best and btand as straight as the ranks
in front of him. Everybody who knows
anything about ihe elephant is aware of the
fact that when excited he is in the nature
of a terror. Oddly enough, however, tlie
trained elephant rarely gets into thnt
state of mind. With the knowledge he
cains seem to come the power to control
himseif and to do his duty as best be can.
The particular use to which the ele
phant is put in the ar.illery line in India
is as a beast of draught for the heavy bat
teries and the guii3 of the siege trains.
These instruments of war are tremendous
in size and exceedingly heavy. Until the
regime of the elephant it had been tho
custom to have them drawn by long lines
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
one of two things — either that the gun
would burst and raise a water
spout, or that the water would deflect the
shell to such an extent that it would go
wide of the mark. On the contrary, the
shot went as direct and accurately as if
fired in the usual manner through the air.
The water appeared to have no effect upon
it, and in no apparent manner destroyed
its effectiveness.
This test has had the effect of opening
tip possibilities of submarine warfare
hitherto undreamed of. Fitted with a
porthole beneath the water line, with the
muzzle protruding and made water
of bullocks. There was, however, no end
of trouble with these beasts. T>ey were
hard to control, and so many of them
were required that they proved a good
deal of a nuisance. So it is that the Brit
ish artilleryman rejoices at the snb titu
tion of the elephant for the bullock. One
elephant will draw without effort a piec.?
of artillery wh:ch a long line of bullocks
would have difliculty in moving at all.
Every one of these heavy batteries
which the elephant moves from place to
place consists of four forty-pounders and
two six and three inch howitzers. While
one elephant can draw, if necessary, a
single piece of artillery, in order not to
strain him at all they are sometimes
paired or driven tandem. For instance,
in such a battery as the one just de
scribed twelve 'elephants are utilized.
These are not ail employed in drawing
the artillery at the same time, for it is
well not to work an elephant too hard,
because if that is done he is apt to become
stubborn, despite his nsual tractabilit}'.
F»r this reason the elephants are 'given
kindiy usage, and under those circum
stances do all that is asked of them.
The elephant battery, or'rather the guns
thereof, is always accompanied by ammu
nition wagons and baggage. Owing tothe
fact that the supply of properly trained ele
phants is limited, bullocksare still utilized
as the beasts of draught Jor the battery
accompaniments. The fact, that 262
bullocks are required to draw the ammu
nition and baggage forms a striking con
trast between their power 3 and those of
the elephants, for the gross weight of the
ammunition and the baggage la infinitely
less than that of the artillery itself.
The ISritish artillerymen do not attempt
to manage the big beasts that draw the
guns. To accomp.'ish this task there ia
employed a staft of twelve mahouts, with
twelve assistants, the latter being under
the command of an official known as jem
adar, or captain. All are natives of India.
Then, besides the elephant company, as it
is called, there are with each battery a
jemadar, six sirdars and 131 drivers who
care for the bullocks. Theretore, it can
be seen that a battery of artillery in India
ELEPHANT ARTILLERY ON DUTY— THE HEAVY BATTERIES OF THE INDIAN ARMY.
tight in the same manner as the shaft
holes are kept from flooding the ship,
there is no reason why a ship cannot
steam head on to an enemy and sink
her without firini? a shot abova the water
line.
A single shot fired from the submarine
gun can easily pierce the unarmored por
tion of the huii beneath the water and
sink the ship before those aboard are
aware that they have su3tainpd any in
jury. Torpedo-boats, thus fitted, jan be
made much more effective, as a submarine
shot, as has Dean demonstrated by the
target and the boiler plate, can pierce any
ordinary torpedo guard, ana at the same
time have sufficient force to cause fatal
dumage to an enemy's ship.
As a means of coast defense also these
submarine batteries will be far and away
in advance of the present system of miq«s
and torpedoes. A battery sunk beneath
the surface can be aimed at different ele
vations, and there is almost no limit to
tiie damage a submarine battery could do
among tho unprotected hulls of an invad
ir.e fleet.
amounts to something. In fact, it is a
little army in itself, for every one of the
natives employed is supposed to be com
petent and ready to fight if necessary.
Whenever it happens that the battery is
to be transported a great distance the rail
road is used ss an aid, if it can possibly be
made available. In such cases it is neces
sary, of course, to transport the elephants
by rail, and special cars have been made
far the purpose. These cars are in ap
pearance like the ordinary coal car on an
American railroad, the sides b°ing about
half the height of a -boxcar. At one end
of the car is a small house in appearance,
with one end omitted.
In this little house sits the mahout or
attendant of the elephant, who sees thnt
during the journey he does not become
frightened and has no opportunity of in
juring nimself. Over the rest of the car
there is a framework. There are three
steel posts at each side. Running length
wise and attached to these are two sec
tions of steel of about the size of the ordi
nary pine boarJ.
At thp end, blocking up an opportunity
of egress, are two small steel baams of the
size of the scantling. From the hignest
of the sections of steel on the tide rises a
thin piece of steel to a height which car
ries it just clear of the elephant. Running
from the top of these small pieces of steel
in tie form of the letter V is another steel
section, and tha whole prevents the ele
phant from rising or sitt ng down. He
must either lie down entirely or stand up
straight.
Straight across the car and attached to
the lower section of steel on the sides is a
big beam that keeps the elephant from
being thrown against the end of the car
by a sudden jolt. Entrance and exit from
the car are made by means of a heavy
platform. In this way the elephant 19
able to move by means of the railroad
from place to place without fear of injury.
The accompanying illustration shows an
elephant battery drawn up at a review in
full marching order, ihe elephants carry
ing the field equipment, and the bullocks
and train, all ranged in close order. It
also shows a battery drawn up for drill.
A Fire Engine With Pneumatic Wheels
It Runs OVer the Roughest Pavements as J^oiselessly as a Bike
Journeys on Gobblestones
§ONDON, Eno., March 6.— fire en
tfo\ gine that travels on pneumatic
•S""*' wheels, without horses, is astonish-,
ing the Englis&men" nowadays. The only
familiar feature is the everlasting gong
and the helmet of the firemen, although
the line of hose that is seen reeled up in
the rear is an old friend in a new place.
The genius of the inventor has for some
time past been guided in the direction of
the mechanical eatures of the Fira De
partment. The papers have been full of
letters to the editor, whicti the average
Britisher is so fond of writing, and in these
has been a host of suggestions, good, bad
and Indifferent, reearding improvements
which the writers were convinced should
be made, and at once, in the fire appar
atus. There is nothing that the average
Londoner is mora afraid of than fire, and
consequently his mind has a strong bent
toward all that will help to reduce that
dancer to a minimum.
While all these people have been writ
ing and talking a genius has acted, and a
result of his thought and ingenuity is the
tire engine referred to in the first para
graph of this article. A curious looking
engine it is as the accompanying illustra
tion, which was drawn from a photograph,
plainly indicates. Little enough. like the
fire engine one sees in America and en
tirely lacking the hiss, puff and blow and
the clouds of smoke that have heretofore
rendered audible and visible the presence
of the foe of all flames.
The motive power of this engine is gaßO
lene, ami, as the photograph plainly indi
cates, the engine itself is very different
irom the machine that is ordinarily in use
for the purpose. It is more compact and
Dowerfnl — two improvements that will be
very welcome. In the rear of the engine,
and within the railing, is the fire hose on
the reel of the usual pattern. Thus the
engine and hose cart are in one. Ordi
narily the fireman seizes the hose and un
reels it himself.
With this most up-to-date of fire en
gines, however, there is a contrivance
which will reel or unreel the hose, action
being regulated by a lever close to that
which operates the engine itself. This is
one of the features which firemen find
great cause for enthusiasm. In fact the
London rire-fighters, who are considered
iully equal to the bravest and best, even
as good as the firemen of the United
States, think that tne reel fea.ure is the
point par excellence of the invention.
Generally the engine is supposed to
carry five men, but thi3 number can be
increased if desired, as the additional
weight of a larger crew would have no
appreciable effect upon, the speed, which
is any where from twelve to twenty miles
an hour, according to the size of the en
gine and the desire of the crew, or as the
exigencies of the occasion demand.
Two of the firemen stand on the foot
board of the engine, which makes the en
tire circuit, the contrivance being of an
elongated nature. The fifth man is the
pilot. He stands within the rail, and by
means of a wheel laid flatwise upon an
iron bar steers the queer machine. There
is the usual headlight fjr use at night
located directly forwarl of the wheel bar.
The oddest flatura of the w ole contriv
ance, however, is found in the wheels.
These, as the illustration shows, are huge
pneumatic affairs, the spokes being very
like the steels which are su noticeable in
the bicycle. There are just four of them
to every engine, the same number
that would be required of any other
wheel, but the rirenien, despite the
lightning speed at which they travel, feel
far less of the frightful jolt, constant jog
gling about, like dice in a box, that is
cenerally their fate. Instead, they feel
very little more of the jolting sensation
than one would experience on an ordinary
country road. These wheels are geared
precisely likeanv other wheel, their only
peculiarity being in point of material and
construction.
Contrary to supposition, the wheels, so
far a3 it has been able } to demonstrate
with experiment, show no signs of great
wear. One would naturally think that
such a tremendous weight as this lire en
gine upon rubber would bo apt to make
the yielding substance tear and be lacer
ated.
This is not the case at all. On the con
trary, the wheels show after several trips
little sign of having been in use at all. So
far not a single one has given out and
there has been no lapse of any kind from
lack of air.
Just at the inner rim of every wheel is a
small brass cap which screws down over
an orifice intended for replacing a supply
of air which might leak away.. Of course,
in time a certain amount of air is bound
to escape from a pneumatic tire, and so a
blower is attached to the little motor and
whenever the eng neer thinks that the air
in the tires is getting low he connects tire
and motor, and, presto! the tire 13 as firm
ns the grasp of an office-holder upon a
place under ;he Government.
On each side of the engine and secured
just beneath the footboard is a length of
capped hose, wnich is to be used for a hy
drant connection if desired or coupled
to a regular line. Tue footboard itself
is made of solid oak and Ea^lish oak is
proverbial for its lasting qualities. Eng
lishmen have never forgotten Friar Tuck's
remark, that an oak stove was better than
riches, and when properly wielded worth
much silver ana gold,
i The fittings of the engine, such as shown
n the illustration, are vpry complete and
equally attractive. There is something
which is in a measure inspiring about fire
apparatus to most people, and this new
contrivance, althoug > fashioned queerly
and seemingly, at first, clumsily, prove-*
upon closer inspection to have been con
structed with a view to utility from every
point.
The decorations, while handsome in
great degree, are not in the least gaudy,
butall combine to ive the engine abso
lute harmony of appearance and to im
press the beholder with the idea that the
machine is made for service and nothing
else.
Several severe tests have been given the
machine and it has stood them alt. The
Board of Fire Underwriters is carefully
considering the invention, with a
view of submitting an opinion re
gai ing its usefulness, which will
probably decide whether or no the pneu
matic-wheeled fire engine is to succee I
In London what has until now been consid
ered a matchless triumph of inventive
genius. '
This Man Was
Telephoned Through
There is only one man in the world who
has been telephoned through. He is
Torger 0. Enderson, a Swede of Rock
Dell, Olmstead County, Minn.
He held the ends of a telephone wire
while people several miles away talked
through him. The electrical current
knocked him down, but he held bravely
to the wires, and the remarkable experi
ment was a complete success. His per
formance has attracted wide attention
among scientific men. Here is the first
account that Mr. Enderson has ever writ
ten concern. na it:
'•To the Editor: I believe that I am the
only man in the world who was ever talked
through. It is a strange experience and
one that Ido not care to duplicate. Al
though it occurred very recently, it seems
to have attracted the attention of scient
ists, and I have received a number of in
quiries from them.
"I was getting ready to go and fix up
the telephone wire, which seemed to be
broken somewhere between Rock Dell and
Hayfield. These two towns are seven
miles apart, ana we could not get a mes
sage through at all. The electricity would
not work or the wire was broken, or some
thing was wrong, and as nobody knew
what it was, we had to investigate. We
suspected it was a broken wire, and so J.
W. Lundale, tne operator at Rock Dell,
BEHOLD THE NEW MOTOR FIRE-ENGINE!
asked me to go out and find the trouble.
If it was a broke:) wire, he said, he wanted
me when I got the j.lace to take hold of the
two ends, so that he could send a message
through me.
"You see, he wanted mo to be the con
nection between the two broken ends of
the wire. You know, when you tnlk
through the telephone, it ain't, the sound
wave from your voice that goes over the
wire, but it is an electrical vibration. So
it was this electrical vibration that was
to go through me. I was afraid to try
it, but Lundale told me that there
would not be any danger at all, and so 1
sata i would, provided it was a broken
wire tbnt caused the trouble. Lundale
and I set our watches at the same time
and I started out to hunt np the break. It
was a sure enough break, and it happened
about three miles from Rock Dell.
"1 looked at my watch after I got to the
broken wire and iound that I had forty
minutes to get ready to be the connection.
I mado a ioop on each end of the broken
ends of the wire so I could get a good
hold and there would be no mistake about
the connection being all right. I had not
pone alone to this place, as there were
four men with me— Y< rkel Jortenseon,
Martin Hanson, Cyrus Rier^on and An
drrw Olson. After a while it got to be the
time when I had a^reel with Lundalo to
try the experiment. I took hold of the
loops and Martin Hanson held the watch.
Then Lundale called up Haylield, the
call for which is two rings I could feel
in my body what station was called. If
somebody had hit me on the hoad twice
when Lundale called Hayfield it would
not have been any plainer tome.
"Hayfie:d did not answer at first, and
Lundale called it ud three times. The
last time was too much for me and I leil
to the ground, losing hold ol one wire. I
was not hurt ai^y, only just knocked
down, and I grabbed hold of the wire that
bad dropped. After a couple of minutes
Lundale called up Oslo. I could feel the
five short rings for that place just like five
thrills going through me After a little
while Lundale called up Dodge Center by
three rings. It was pretty hard for me,
but I stood it, for I had made up my mind
that I would not give in just as long as I
could hold myself together, but when
Lundale gave Austin a call he rang me
down as flat as a pancake. I never did
know what the Austin call was, but I
think it takes a pretty good long ring to
get the town.
"liven this did not hurt me, bo I got up
after a minute or two and took bold of tho
ends of t:e wire and made the connection
for the answer from Austin. I managed
to hold out until the time Lundale and I
hail agreed that I was to hold the wire
was up. Then I fixed the wire, and we all
went back to Rock Dell. When I got back
to Dell Lundale told me that while I was
holding ttie wires he got an answer from
Oslo, which was seven miles away. He
had also bad a talk with Doiipe Center,
which is twenty miles from tho Dell. He
had quite a talk with Austin, forty miles
away, but he did not hear from Hayfield)
which, I oelieve, was because the operator
at that place was not cere when the call
came. There is no reason why he should
not have answered if he had heard the
ring.
"1 cannot say that my experience as a
means of connection of telephone wires
hurt me any to amount to anything. Of
course the electricity jerked my muscles
terribly. I seemed to suffer the moat in
my arms, particularly in that arm that
was holding the broken wire that ran to
ward the Dell. All the while the talking
was going on I felt hard shocks in my
chest, but I can hardly explain how it
really felt. Just the same, if anybody is
thinking of trying the same thing who has
not very strong nerves, they had better
tuke my advice and give the idea up.
"You see, k dues not make any differ
ence how strong a man is; if he has not
got good nerves electricity does not agree
with him. I've had lots of little shocks
in fixing telephone wires, but they never
have made me lame or anything of that
kind before. It seems to me that there
must have been a highly powerful current
of electricity passing along that wire when
I acted as the connection. I remember at
a fair once talcing hold of the handles of
one of those machines that they give you
electric shocks with, and that made me
feel just a very little bit like I felt when I
was holding those broken wire 1 !. Besides
th-.' pains in my chest and in my, arms I
felt just as if somebody was pricking me a
little all over, and then as if in some way
or other they had been able to grab hold
01 my nerves and give them little pulls.
'"I am not at all nervous and it takes a
good deal to startle me, so I was not scared
at all while these things I have written
about were going on. It never seemed to
me that as long as you were careful there
was any danger In letting a little elec
tricity into you. It a.l depends how you
do it. I thought of nil those things when
1 was holding these wires. When it came
so fast that it knocked me to the ground
I thought it was getting sort of strong, but
I did not feel there was any reason for me
to be frightened. T. O. End-rson."
Mr. Enderson'a experience was certainly
most remarkable. That he waa able to
endure the continued shocks and be none
the worse for acting as a conductor lor a
tremendous currant of electricity falls
little short of the marvelous. It is no
exaggeration to say that ninety-nine per
sons out of 100 woul I have neariy died,
had they grasped tne ends of the broken
wires. These wires were not exactly what
are known as live, when broken, but im
mediately the connection was formed and
the telephone put into use they practically
Decame so.
. The facts stated— ami there is no ques
.tion about their accuracy— some
greaily t cherished ; : theories. In oti er
words, no one knows exactly how much
electricity a man can stand without pro
ducing death. ....... : ' .
The expenses of Queen Victoria's house
bold are estimated at £172500 a year. -
2728
AT THE THEATRES
fF^LEVER old Sardou I there may
•l^*« still be differences of opinion
I^^/T about bis being a great dram
atist, but every one must reverentially
own that he is the press agent of
the century. The wily old fellow has not
made a single convert by his new play
••Spiritism" (Spiritualism), and his fellow
mediums are pained and disgusted beyond
measure at his banal treatment of "mani
festations," but what does Sardou care? He
has secured whole lots, acres—
miles of free advertising, in the French
papers, and as a consequence on the open
ing nieht, at the Renaissance in Paris
spiritualists and skeptics almost fought
one another to get into the theater to sea
"Spiritism."
The play was produced simultaneously
on this side by Charles Frohman, but
tbero are no press agents in New York
like Sardou to keep the thing booming, so
discussions on Spiritualism have not
crowded the bombardment in Crete and
the McKinley inauguration out of the
American papers. In Paris the press for
•weeks devoted whole .pages to "Spiritual
Manifestations Through Mr. Sardou's
Eyes, 1 ' "Is Sardou Really a Medium?"
etc, etc. Sardou cunningly started the
controversy by declaring that "Spiritism"
would be his confession of faith, his credo.
This was the signal for a light on the pros
and cons of Spiritualism, in which oceans
of printers' ink were shed. The contro
versy lasted lor weeks, but Sardou knew
how to keep np interest to the bitter end.
Just before the first performance it was
declared that all the performers had be
come converted to the new relieion by
dint of rehearsing "Spiritism," Bremont
recalled that he had once turned tables,
Laroche was shaKen in his unbelief, and
even the divine Sarah showed a hitherto
unexpected yearning for the occult. On
the day of the last rehearsal at the Re
naissance Sardou gathered bit actors
round him and told them how and why
he became a Spiritualist The recital oc
cupied columns and coiumns of type, and
as he had taken care that the great dra
matic critics were there too, Sardou had
the pleasant experience next day of see
ing the budding aspirations of Prince
George of Greece shoved into obscure cor
ners of the newspapers and "Mr. Sardou
Tells How He Became a Spiritualist"
given a place of honor.
Cariosity to see the play was intense,
and spiritualists and skeptics vied with
one another to get seats first, but as
"Spiritism" unrolled its somewhat weary
length, it did not succeed in convincing
any one; the unbelievers remained bru
tally skeptical, and in the loyer between
th« acts they said : "It is Saran who makes
the play. Isn't she great; younger and
greater than ever I"
The Spiritualists whispered among
themselves that Sardou had committed a
grave fault against the new religion,
••making a spectacle of it, and exposing
the high and noble manifestations of
spirits to the laughter of fools — this will
certainly bring him some occult chastise
ment." As an aftermath to the great
Bardou-Spiritualist controversy the French
papers are asking: "What will Sardou's
occult chastisement be?'
There is nothing mean or bigoted about :
Sardou; he lets the Spiritualists and their i
opponents In his play have full fliDg to
argue, and counter-argue, till the audience i
T'onders where it will all end — at least ne j
doss this in the French version. 1 have
not seen Mr. Fronman's adaptation. The
hero of "Spiritism," d'Aubenas, is a
gentleman with more taste for getting
switched on to the spirits ot his late
lamented relatives than for holding sweet
converse with Simone, his living wife, j
The fair Simone so resents this invidious i
distinction that when the play opens she
is on the eve of flight with a Roumanian
adventurer, Miknael Stroudza. The fol
lowing conversation, which . passes in j
d'Aubenas' villa, is a sample ot what |
S.mone fled from. The talkers are I
d'Aubenas, Dr. Davidson, a Scotch me- j
dmm; Dr. Parisot, an obstinate old fel
low who won't go to a seance for fear of
being converted, and Dcs Aubiers, a friend
of d'A'ibenas:
Parisot (scornfully taking off his gloves;—
You have seen Dr. Davidson perform?
D'Aubenas— Three times. The first three
seances were curious, nothing more, but that
of yesterday was startling.
Parisot (sitting on the lounge)— Mere trick
ery.
D'Aubenas— Judge for yourself. This table,
which hed done nothing more than turn and
answer our questions by very distinct taps,
suddenly stole away from tho contact of our
hands and turned by itself all round the room;
then it rose up high from the floor, and after
having floated in ihe air for some seconds fell
back softly onto the carpet.
Parisot (still skeptical)— All that I suppose
took place in total darkness?
D'Aubenas— Not at all, It was ai light as it
Is now.
Dcs Aubiers (calming in)— l felt a touch on
my shoulder and by instinct felt the place and
my hand came in contact with another.
Parisot— Made of fiber.
Dcs Aubiers— A hand of flesh, warm, supple,
palpitating. I drew away my hand and the
other stretched itself out and touched Mares
cot's heed. He cried out—
Marescot— That is to say —
Dee Mibiers— l mean he howled out— after
which the hand grasped thru of Mr. d'Aube
nas, who seized It and tried to hold It, but it
melted away in his grasp and dissolved into
vapor.
D'Aubenas— That's so.
Parisot— Was that all?
D'Aubenan— ol), no. Directly after the clock
nagan to strike little, silvery strokes like the
beating of au insect's wings.
Parisot— Oh, some night-moth imprisoned
In the works of the ciock. As for the rest
table-turning, the taps aud responses — there
Is nothing simpler. It was Instinctive mus
cular impulse. And the hand — cerebral ex
citement, auto-suggestion.
Dcs Aubiers— Oh, excuse me, excuse me! We
heard and saw for ourselves.
The controversy rages until it assumes the
ponderous reasonings of a co'lege debate, as
you will see from the following, which is
hurled at the unbelieving Parisot's head by
Dr. Davidson:
"The most learned men, the most competent
men, those who carry the most weight of au
thority on account of position and character,
believe In manifestations. Only to quote Eng
land as an example, doctors, physiologists
like Gully and Eil.tson, physicians such as
I.o'lep, astronomers like Cballis. mathema
ticians like Morgan, naturalists like Sir
Russell Wallace, engineers like my friend
Verify, inventor of the electric condenser— all
members of the Royal Society or professors of
the exact sciences at the universities of
London, Oxford, Cambridge, Glasgow and
Dublin— all bear witness to the incst remprk
abie phenomena. The most bigoted in favor
of spiritualism are precisely those who hnve
studied it In order to show its absurdity,
among others the eminent chemist, William
Crookes, whose example is typical." * • •
And so on and so on, via dicendo, till Parl«ot,
• M i Hardened in unbelief, gels up and puts on
his gloves, saying: "Enfln, if you have savants
to attest to your facts, there are also more
savants who deny them."
Davidson— Especially those who think them
selves infallible ard who, like yourself, have
refused to make any investigation.
Parisot— lt is no use studying what does not
exist.
Davidson— What tells you spiritualism does
not exist T
Parisot— Common-sense.
Davidson— Ah, poor good sense! Is It re
sponsible for all the errors laid at its door?
It was in its nnine that the rotundity of the
earth was denied; it was in its name that they
said that the people of the antipodes walked
head downwards, and said to Christopher Co-
Davidson gives examples of Idiotic things
said and done in the name of common-sense,
but Parisot, who is still unconvinced, takes his
departure with the Parthian shot: "Human
patience has its limits, but human credulity
has none."
People interested in occultism wonld no
doubt find the whole debate interesting to
read, but it is hard to see how it can ad
vance the act:on of a play. In the second
act Sardou leaves debating alone, for
Simone hss to be dealt with. Her adven
tures resemble those of the Princess de
Chiraay, with the addition that d'Aube
nas erroneously believes his wife has been
burnt in a railway accident. In tue final
act she appears to him clothed in white,
like a phantom, and begs his forgiveness.
He grants pardon to what he believes is
his wife's spirit, but as she flings herself
into his arms he sees that she is really a
creature of flesh and blood.
Fanny Rice's new mu3ical-costumf-com
edy, "The Flower Girl of Paris," might
be a complete success as a comic opera
with a score of its own, but the musical
numbers that adorn it at present are a
job lot of songs and cullings from
well-known operas that are dragged
in without much regard to their ap
propriateness. In fact, when the char
acters burst into song the sentiments they
express are sometimes the reverse of what
they have been saying in prose. The mu
sical-costume-comedy has a well-detined
plot, but stands badly in need of a chorus
to impart animation and movement, par
ticularly in the market scene.
Nanon, the flower-girl, lives all by her
self in a mansion at the corner of the mar
ket, and across the way seils flowers in
one of those nice little kiosks that the
municipality of Paris das thoughtfuliy
provided for venders of newspapers, etc.
Nanon is supposed to have lived over a
century ago, but she is only anticipating
modern improvements by having her
kiosk. It is scarcely correct to say that
she sells flowers, for the only people who
ever appear in the market are a baker (in
love witn Nanon), Miss Alice Gaillard,
who plays the part of the presiding genius
of a vegetable stand, and titled people and
tneir hirelings from the court of Louis
XIV, who come and go without buy'.ng
anything. This may be the reason why
Miss Rice decks herself out with her
flowers, like Ophelia, only more so, for her
hat looks like a roof garden, and birds
would be tempted to build their nests in
her corsage and skirts.
Nation is a very virtuous little flower
girl, so every one says, but tbe audience
is offered no explanation of tbe fact that,
although her hand and heart ar* pledged
to the comic baker, she sings "Oh, swear
to be good and true to the maiden yon say
that you adore" (called from "Dorothy")
with the arm of a wick d marquis round
her waist. This marquis has made a bet
that the flower-girl snail be his with a
baron whom Nanon calls: "You disrep
utable old roue, you." Alter the flower
girl has asked tne marquis to "swear to be
good and true," he is scarcely to be
blamed lor not taking her seriously when
she says: "Get alonu, marquis, my heart
is another's" (meaning the baker's).
The Marquis makes a Machiavellian plot
to kidnap her. Disguising his varlets as
soldiers of the period he Bends them forth
to arrest a fugitive chevalier, whom
Nanon, with the most worthy motives,
has been shielding from justice in her
mansion. The chevalier, who is always
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
popping out of the mansion and delving
the police to find him, ha> just finished a
love duet with his sweetheart, Mile.
Vivienne de Villianne, sister of the
wicked marquis, when the soldiers are
sighted in the far, far distance. Nanon
has time to change clothes with the che
valier, and thinks she has hoodwinked
the enemy nicely by being arrested in her
friend's place, but the wicked marquis
laughs "Ah! Ah!" in the background, be
cause the ilower-girl was the very person
be wanted.
When they get Nanon to the abode of
the Marquis they incite her to drink
brandy, smoke a long clny pipe and
otherwise act as befits a noble chevalier.
Meanwhile the Sadv who presides at the
vejetable stand has gone to the King and
procured a royal decree commanding the
marquis to marry Nanon or he imprisoned
in the Bastile. Complications too numer
ous to describe ensue, but in the end
Nanon shows a fine scorn for titles. She
actually does not want to become a mar
quise and gives her hand to the comic
but bibulous baker.
Miss Rice's little bit of fat in "A Flower-
Girl of Paris" is where she tries to act like
a swaggering chevalier. Several of the
members of the company sing and act
acceptably, but they cannot sing and act
away tbe impression that the piece ought
to have been au opera bouffe.
Marie Evelyn.
BaldWirv Jheater.
James A. Herne begins the third and
last week of his engagement at the
Baldwin Theater to-morrow evening,
continuing his admirable portrayal of
Nathaniel Berry in his play of New Eng
land farm life, "Shore Acres."
On Monday, the 15'.h inst., Fanny
Davenport and her company will present
Sardou'a "G;snionda," of which a very
imposing stage production is promised.
It has been announced that the present
engagement is Davenport's larewell ap
pearance in this city in the Sardou plays.
"Fedora" will be seen on Saturday night,
Mr>rch 20th, and to make the night a gala
one Davenport-SurJou silver souvenirs
will te presented to every lady on the
lower floor in token of Miss Davenport's
farewell to Sardou. Melbourne MacDowell
is still Miss Davenport's leading support.
California Theater.
The first performance of the French
operat'c organization will take place on
Wednesday evening, when "II Trovatore"
will form the bill. The company will
come here intact trom New Orleans with
such leading artists us: Nestor Massart,
H. Prevo3t, E. Deo, E. Manrick, Henry
Albera, Leon Freicbe, R. Chateau, Marcel
Athes, A. Javid, Gautheil, Lespinasse,
Grevain, Mme. Foedcr. Aimeo Pascal,
Mme. Marthe Berthet, Mme. Oberthy,
Mme. Marthe Combes, Mme. Fremaux-
Benati. Mme. Andree Savine, Mme. C.
Lafeuillade, Mme. Bellet, Mme. D'Con
soli. Mme. de Biaziand Mile. Rossi.
Besides a chorus, which is said to be
excellent, there will appear a full corps de
ballet under the direction of D'Allesaa
dri from the principal theater in Lyons.
A feature of "II Trovatoro" will be the in
troduction of the ballet divertiseraent.
"Il Troyatore" will be followed on Fri
day evening by a presentation of Meyer
beer's "L'Africnine." The first matinee
perlormance will take place on Saturday
afternoon, March 13, when "Faust" will
be rendered by a superior cast. In the
second tableau will be presenied by the
ballet "La Kermesse," and in the seventh
tableau a grand ballet, "La Nuit de Val
purgis," will cc presented, in which will
appear all the company's premieres —
Mme. de Consoii, Mile. Rossi, Mile, de
Biazi, Mmes Marthe, Bogglo, Mouriez,
Sellier— and lh^ full corps de ballet. The
light opera "Miss Helyett" is announced
for presentation on Saturday night, and
will be followed by the lir«*t presentation
in this country outside of New Orleans of
Reyer'a masterpiece, "Sigurd," which is
to be given a brilliant uroduction on Tues
day evening, March 15.
Golumbia Theater.
For this week's attraction Messrs. Fried
lander, Gottlob & Co. have arranged with
Joseph Haworth to give a production of
Victor Hugos "Ruy Bins." A feature of
I the performance will be the reappearance
of Miss Margaret Craven, who has been
specially engaged for the part of the
Queen. Several members of the Frawley
Company who have returned from t tie
East will be in the cast and Messrs. Fen
ton, Miiloy and Thornton oi Modjeeka'i
company. "Ruy Bias" will be preceded
by Augustus Thomas' dramatic sketch in
one act, entitled "A Man of the Work 1 ."
Haworth contemplates starring in tlie late
Alexander Salvini's romantic dramas, and
it is said that this is his first move toward
that end.
Qrarvd Opcra-JHouse.
The "Black Detective," which will be
produced for the first time in this City at
Morosco's Grand Opera-house to-morrow
evening, is said to jeek with excitement.
The story of the play centers round a
faithful m-gro, who obeys his dying mas
ter's request that the man who issued a
forged order, for which the dyine man's
son was blamed, be brought to justice.
The title role is to be assumed by Fred J,
Kutler. John J. Pearson is io be the villain
and Mortimer Know is a hero. Thoy both
love the same Rirl (Lorena Aiwood), wno
is the sister of the young man the villain
is persecuting (Bert Morrison). The cast
also inc:udes Landers Steven-, a secondary
villain; Leslie Morosco, Fred Fairbanks,
William Gibson, Sam Lewis, George Nich
olls, Sue B.anctiard an<l othsri.
/\!cazar Theater.
"Jim the Penman" will be played this
week at the Alcnzar. It is some years
since this powerful play was seen here,
and then it was presented by the Palmer
Company. George Osbourne will play the
part of Baron Harlfield, the cunning
schemer and forger's accomplice. Hugo
Toland will be J;m the Penman. Adele
Be'garde will be Mrs. Ralston, the forger's
unfortunate wife. Charles Wyngate will
be Louis Percival, Gordon Foster L >rd
Drelingoourt, and Francis Powers Captain
Redwood, the society detective, while
May BucKley will have an ingenuous part
as Alice, the forcer's (laughter, and Fran
ces Joliffp and Kitty Balmour will be seen
as L«dy Dunscombe and Mrs. Chapstone
respectively.
JiVoli Opera-House.
To-morrow at the Tivoli O| era-!;ouse a
fino revival of the last of the Gilbert and
Sullivan series, "H. M. S. Pinafore," will
be given. This is the opera with which
the Tivoli opened in 1879, and during
the intervening eighteen years the
Tivoli has seen over 500 grand, romantic
and comic operas, operatic burlesques ami
musical spectacles. The cast will include
Elvia Croix Seabrooke as Josephine, Josio
Intropidi a* Hebe, Bern cc Hoimes as
Little Buttercup, Ferris Hartman as Sir
Joseph Porter, K. C. 8., and John J.
Raffael as Captain Corcoran, commander
of H. M. S. Pinafore. Many new prop
erties, light effects »nd costumes have
been prepared. On Weilre-^day evening,
March 10, the San Francisco Yaclit Club
will hold iis annual night at the Tivoli
Opera-house, on which occasion several
interpolations will be presented. The next
production will be Nicolai's comic opera,
"The Merry Wives of Windsor."
Busft-street Jheater.
To-morrow night the cpmpany at the
Bush-street Theater will produce "The
Arabian Nights." Miss Essie Tittel, who
is well known in this City, will make her
first appearance here since her marriage,
in the production.
At the OrpKcum.
There will be an almost entire change of
bill at the Orpheum to-morrow evening,
over a dozen now vaudeville artists having
been imported by tne Great Western Vau
deville Association. They make up the
"Flying Jordan Vaudevilles" and are
headed by the Jordan Family of five tra
pezists. Mario and Marto, horizontal-bar
performers, and Virginia Artgon, the wire
walker, who was seen here last year, will
add to the athletic features of t:ie pro
gramme. John Burke, who will be re
membered as the comedian of Hender
son's "Alaudin," will appear with Grace
Forest. The three Olifan-<, or "tbree
headed nondescript" us they : term them
selves, will make their first appearance
here. Guille will chance his selection v at
I every performance. Abramoff will sing
the aria from "Robert le Diable," and the
trio from "Faust" will be given, with Miss
Cotte in the soprano,
Trebelli Fare Well. °
The charming singer, Mile. Antoinette
Trebelli, will give her farewell song recital
on. Tuesday evening in Golden Gate Hall.
The following programme ■ will be per
formed :
Pianoforte duet for two pianos, erand fantasie,
"Lei Huguenots". ....... Meyerbeer-I c Xouiski
Mlis van der JSaillen and O. .--auvlel.
Ari050............................ ...;..... ....De11bes
Wile. Trebelli.'
Violin solo, "Serenade Andulouse".. Godard
Miss Jpan M. Husb. '
Tarautelle from "La Toutlii.".. Ambrols* Thomas
, Mile. Trebelli. •
Pianoforte aoio —
(a)..............'. .............Godard
. $}--• "-"'!./! ............Sauv:et
„ G. Sauvlet.
Bong, "Lo! Hark the Gentle Lark" Bishop
With flute 01 lUato by lierr Itnriomann.
(In response to many requests.)
Mile. Tre belli. '
Interval of ten minutes.
Chanson Arabe, ••l.'Adleu de l'Hotesso Arabe' 1
Bizet
Mile. Trebelli.
Violin solo, sonata in U major, op. 13.... .....Grieg
(a) Allegretto.
(6) Allepro.
Miss Jean M. Hush and Miss Florence Hush.
Irish song, "The Last Roie of Summer"
Mile. Trebelli.
And in the course of the evening Mile.
Trebelli will repeat her famous laughing
song from "Manon Lescaut" (Auber).
Oberorv Concert Jlall.
The programme wnicn will be performed
to-morrow night by H rr Stark and his
Vienna Orchestra is as follows:
March of the Toreador, "Carmen," Bizet;
overture, "Itnliens in A giers," Rossini; waltz
"Tout en Rose," Waloteuiel; selection, "lo
lanthe," Sullivan; "Lr>H*a," Spanish serenade,
Langley; c»lln solo.selecied, by Herr A. Weiss;
cavoite, "Dor Kaiserin," Hertel; ballet music
from "Faust." Gounod; Grand March, from
'•AiJa," Verdi; overture, "Orpheus," Offen
bach; violin solo, selected by Herr i^erd
Stark; waltz, "On the Beautiful Rhine." Keler
Bela; selection, "Amorita," Czibulka; "Turk
ish i-fttrol," Michaelis; Russian dance, Glinka;
march, "El Capitan," Sousa.
7\t the Chutes.
This afternoon Busch, thn "Golden Vam
pire," and Briseno, the wire-walker, will
perform on the open-air stage, and Emil
Markeberg will make a balloon ascension
and parachute drop. An especial souve
nir fa the form of a pocket kinetoscope
will be given every child attending to-day.
The animatoscope shows several new
scenes every nigllt, a number of colored
views being the latest novelty.
Will Jake a Leap.
Every one interested in Miss Davenport
is anxious to know what sne is to do
next season, and also anxious to know
what she is to do with the Sardou
plays when sho is done with them.
Even her old stage manaser, who has
been with her ever since she com
menced starring, has no idea of her plans
for next season, and no one is to know
until this season is over, the actress de
claring herself pledged to secrecy. A very
close friend recently, at rehearsal, asked
Miss Davenport to give her a hint. Miss
Davenport laughed. Then she pointed to
the paint-frMme high above her hea<l and
exclaimed, "Do you see that?" The friend
n. dded. "Well,' 1 she said, "if I play in
this house next season, and I exrect to. I
snalJ jump from that in the play I pro
duce," and that is as much a-< any one
knows of Davenport's plans up to date.
Rumor nays that the new play is on an
American subject, but even on that point
Miss Davenport is silent.
Dramatic Brevities.
Charles Klein and John Philip Sousa are
well advanced on their new operetta, "The
Bride Elect."
Ellen Terry is to*appear shortly in a one-act
play written by the Princess Carl of Denmark,
who wil Princess Maud of England.
John Drew will bring "Rosemary" to the
Baldwin about the middle of the year.
"A Night in Venice," Strauss' waltz opera,
is in preparation at the Tivoli.
Tne greater part of the orchestra for the
opera season at the California Theater will be
brought here with the company.
"Dick Whittington," the new burlesque
which George E. Lask is preparing for the
Tivoli. will lie up to date as regards dialogue,
gags and business.
XEW TO-O&r-AKCSEM£XT!L
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
NEXT TUESDAY .... : . . ... ........ MARCH 9,
■ - ■■; -■■-..-. v At 8:15 P. M. ■"•■■■• ;i - ■-■:..:
FAREWELL CONCERT
OF HUE
TREBELLI!
Mile. Trebelli will sing: "Arioso 1 (Dellbes);
Ar.b Song (B zet);«vrarantelle," from "La To-
ne li" lAmbrolse Thomas): "1,0! liar*, the Uentle
Lark," with fluieobllgnto (Bishop): "Last Ko3e of
bum met," etc (■;-. ;
, Assistant artists— The Misses Hush and v. d.
| Niii.l.n: M>'»srs. -auvlet, Bodemann and J. Mar-
; rio.i (at comiaiut). -« .■::-.;, ■•- ■-: , ■-' ■; "•,;'--•= ■; "
[ office Sherman, Clay & Co. 'a. 91 and 300.
■ - - ----. • - -.---. . . • . ... . .- .
. ''. NEW . TODAY- AMUSEMENTS. ".
Bl^rffi^tePj^ THIRD AND LAST WEEK.
patre^i props- Commencing Monday, March 8.
jamesaTierne
: / ' _ ■■■■■■•■.■■. .
In the Greatest of All American Home Plays,
onunc HviiLO
"Shore Acres" is a play which should draw everybody —Chronicle.
"Shore Acres" is picture perfect.— Alice R\x in Examiner.
"Shoru Acres" is more artistic than 'The Old Homestead.' "—Call.
"Shore Acres" is a marvel of art.— Bu'lctln.
"Shore Acres" is full of beauty and Mt. Herne's Uncle Nat is above criticism.— Report
"Shore Acres" is a wonderfully attractive picture of New Eng .and farm life.— Post.
COMMENCING MONDAY, MARCH 15, TWO WEEKS ONLY,
Supported hr MXL B(»BB\ EJt kcDOWKIL- Sard oil's
GISMONDA.
SATURDAY NIG HT,. I rPnADA I DAVENPOPT—^ARDOU
MARCH 20, ' I FEDORA. I SILVER SOUVENIRS
To every lady on lower floor as a mark of remembrance of Miss Davenport's farewell season in
, .-union clays.
SEATS AND BOXES READY THURSDAY.
Aft ■^■■gLAtMMIJBiJtnArMAn COMMENCING MARCH 10,
CAUr'BKnSratjNcoßPo grand opera season
w f HEATHS » PROPS. the FAMOUS
FRENCH OPERATIC ORGANIZATION.
Direct from Europe, via New Orleans.
Complete in every detail- 140 People-Grand Orchestra-Ballet Divertissement, Etc
fceason here under the auspices of 30 representative citizens, who have subscribed the necessary
guarantee.
Wednesday March 10. TBOVATORE. cStrc-DR Cast, Grand Ballet, etc.
Friday,- Marcu 12- Firs: time in veaw... ....... - I Saturday Matinee, March 13....
..:...; ...I/'AFRICAINJK FAUST
Saturdnr Kvenin?:, March 13— First complete Tuesday, March IB— First time here
presentation 0f.... Ml.-S MKIiYETT | •■ SIGURD
To be lollowed by "Noce-i de Jpannette," "Cava'leria ' ustlcana," ''La Julve," "Voyage of tte,"
etc. Sea's now selling for the firs', ten onera*. Price*— sl to &'A.
EfAl&sS S A^ pRANCISCO. CAL. EsTAß.isar.
@JP| a A %1 lOS ANGELES CAl_. estab. is?«.
GUSTAV Walter, 'Director Gemebal.
O'larrell St., bet. Stockton and Powell. '
SAN FRANCISCO'S GREAT MUSIC HALL.
• .- - ' '
Wccls. Commencing Ailoiida7 , Maroh. G.
A BRAND NEW BILL BEYOND COMPARE I
THE FLYING JORDAN VAUDEVILLES!
HEADED BY THE PEERLESS FLYING JORDAN 3 '
3— I3XT 3MXJ3VI33Ii:3r«. S
QUEEN OF THE INVISIBLE WIRE.
DIRECT FRon tUROPH ! m --_ _^ «-» *^M-^~-ir-ir-u~jm. i^-i^»
The -Three-Headed Nondescript. TH6 3 C-> JLjJLI?VA.INr S
JOHN [OXJI^ 3ES.ES And GRACE OR.BST
COnEDIANS.
ore^Tuc^r WATERBURY BROS, ft TEBflf ! SgffigffJSffix?
BARNEY FAGAN AND MISS HENRIETTA BYRON %ll££2Z«>
And X>TTX>Ij3E3"Sr 3PH.BSOOTT! "THE HUnAN BRASS BAND."
GKAJiD OPHiA J>TS— A. L. GUilXe^ SJ«XO« aBKAHHOFF and MISS
JULIA COrriS, in Solos and the Trio from "Faust."
The Boyal Hungarian Conr- Orchestra in Concerts ever/ evening la tne Orpheum Annex.
Reserved Seals shou.d be ordered eariy in advance.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), MAROH V.
Parquet. p.nv seat. 25c: Balcony. an y <«i% 10c: Children 10c. any nan. ■'■»%■<
•••pRieDLANDtR,GOTTLOD&(S- 6;MANACIRS ••
A3NT EXTH.A.OIIDIKrA.H.T" H'ST'XSNT !
COMMENCING MONDAY, MARCH Bth. MATINbE SATURDAY ONLY.
MR.JOSEPH HAWORTH
——SUPPORTED BY —
MISS MARGARET CRAVEN
AND A POWERFUL COMPANY, IN A GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
... ■ Victor Hugo's Masterpiece,
"RUY BXj-A-S!"
Itp< il b-' Augustus Thomas' Beautiful Dramatic Sketch,
'•^. TXL^TST 035* TIHCE -WORIjD!"
MAGNIFICENT NEW COSTUMES AND STAGE EFFECTS.
MARCH 15 CIS-Y FITZGERALD I- "THE FOUNDLING.
H/fADnCPn'Q TUXS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT,
IVI V-/ fl V-/ OV> vJ W la«t Performances of
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE ."THE DERBY "MASCOT!"
WALTER MOROSCO... SoIe Lessee and Manager. • With Its Real Hors3s and Jockeys.
Oommenoing ••• Monday, March Stii
Initial Production in San Francisco of the Sensational Comedy Drama,
THE BLACK DETECTIVE!
A Thrilling Play With Wonderful Mechanical Effects.
SEW m BEAUTIFUL SCENERY ! | | JEW ASD BEAUTIFUL SCESERY !
A Strong Cast Song?!
'0-; :-r;:^ Specialties! Dances!
EVENING PRICES— IQc. 25c -nri sOc- — Mstlneps Saturday and Sunday.
ma A B ■« IS n i ' »* I performance to-day,
I 111 fi.U/U^ iniitinee and night, • 1
PilaUHfainSl ' 'he Br.iliant < omedy
BclascOitLaKaillcMis. | ,< i; V ". PROXY."
MONDAY, MARCH Bth,
. • The Greatest Play of the Century 1
Jim^Penman
By SIR CHARLES L. YOUNQ, Baronet.
GEO. OSi;OIR.\E HUGO TOLASD
'• •%-.: - ' AS _■■'■■.''■' ■ ■:.■'<■ ' ___a.S— ■ ■
Baron Hartfeld. Jim, the Penman
Entire Alcazar Company in the Play.
ProiuceJ under the direction of .. . :
•'• MR. tr£.OKUK OiitOUKNE.
Our Regular Prices! Secure seats by Telephone,
niacK 991.
■? ■ '■!.• O'F.irrell strfet.'ncar -lock oj. '■
Ban '.' Francisco'. n Faintly Concert Hall.
: Week of Monday.' March 8. :
8-^— Magnificent New Programmes^ — 3
LlililNOUS MUSICAL G^:.>l^S :•
From the mo»t treasured works of the ureat
Masters, admirably presented by.HKKK FERDI-
NAND STARK, cirauss 1 grea est . living Inter-
pre er. and ;■ ■■■:■' " v . ■■•• ■ - ■
THE VIENNA ORCHESTRA.
A3~Grand Concert Kvery Evening »v 8 o'clock.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
t'B.i km.a iikr, UOTZZoa A Co., LesseesifcManafcerj
■■- Farewell Peri ormance To-night.
' ■ ■ - The i harming Comedlennp, ' ■
— — jpj^.is'jsr^sr.' .■ rice — -
■ : In Her Great 151k Hit. .
- ••A FLOWKh GIRL. OF PARIS!"
To-morrow Night— .iO>fc.fH HaWORTH. Sup-
ported by MARfi.ViiKTL'KAVK.N and :
SBwHBHBiKa l'oweriu. Company; InSSHmnHpSa
"RUY BLAS" & "A MAN OF THE WORLD."
TiVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
liK-i.hK.\>-.i:x* Kkki.'n- >. Proprietor & Manassc
THE GILBERT AND STJIiLIVAX SEASO^t
TO-NIGHT L.AST TIME
m/L
. I
IS.
TECH ;, j\
A
3D
■ ■ ,C>
. ——TO-MORROW EVENING
Revival Extraordinary! Fcenic Production of
"H. m:. S. pinafore i»»
Popular Prices — 2So and SOo
THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVKNINQ.
f Grand performance on the
open-air stage.
BALLOON
ASCENSION
THIS AFIEKNOON.
SFXSC^EAXj S
FREE FOCKET KISETOSCOPES
;, .' ' To. Children To-Day. .
ADMISSION, lOC CHILDREN. ; sc.
METKOPOL.ITAN TEMPLE.
SUNDAY N1iii1T.:.. .....:... ..... 8 O'clocl
An Kvang.'.ist of Catholic Apostolic Church.
Address on the ."Second Coming of Christ.'
— -AOMIfS.>IOX FJtKK—
SUTRO BATHS.
, FINE »'i:O(rKAjnii. '
Grand Concert Every Sunday Afternoon
General Admission, lo'oj Childrou, do
ITHE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SIMMARV OF THE MAUKKI's.
6!lpht gain In Bank Clearings.
Another decline in S.iver.
Wheat firm. Barley steady.
cats and lt-ye neglect-d.
° Corn firm, bat qui< l
Hay sales affected by the rain.
1 lma and colored Beans firm.
Oregon Onions lower.
Butter and Cheese weak.
Eggs rule firm.
More Eastern Poultry expected.
Hut unsalable.
Seven cars Mai anas arrived.
■ Dried Fruits flat.
Oranges and Apples firm.
Bacon tending upward.
; Hides, Woo! and Wops dull.
'.Decreased exports of Produce.
Smaller experts of Quicksilver.
. Increased exports of Flour and Wheat.
Larger exports of specie.
GOLD COIN" MOVEMENT.
.The movement of Gold Coin at San Francisco
• for the first two months of the year was as follows:
Paid for duties $81 4. .MOO
Exported 10.901.700
Total withdrawn 91 1. 7 1 6,000
Coined January 1 to February 28 4,935,000
.Loss to circulation .. $8,781,000
A similar comparison for the first two months of
lb<>o shows a loss to local circulation of $3,999.-
SOO. The movement is usually against the port in
the early part of the year.
EXPORTS OF BREADSTUFFS. "
Exports of Flour from this port during the first
I eight months of the current crop year were 804.
--995 bbls, apaiast 4(54,4 6 bbls during the same
1 lime las' crop year. Redurln? this Flour 10 a
Wheat basis and adding it to the exported Wheat
gives total exports of Breadstuff* tor the eight
months of i1.W1.300 ctls, valued at $14.947, 640,
against 10,454,20U ct:s, valued at sj-1u, 650,000,
last crop year.
' • EXPORTS Or PRODUCE.
Kxports of produce from San Francisco by sea
during the first two mont of the year amounted
to $6,600,200, against ?6. 708.700 for the same
period in 189t5, and lnc'uded $2,391,500 to Great
BritaiD, $642,200 to Japan, $534,800 to the Ha
waiian Islands, $5'.'5,6U0 to China, $613,400 to
Central America, 5486,000 to South Africa and
$460,200 10 Aus.ralia.
EXPORTS OF SPECIE.
Exports of Specie from this port during the first
two months of the year were $13,423,200, against
99,943.200 during the same months In lS9ti, and
consisted mainly of $10,901,660 in Oo!d Coin,
51,21V:.:U1 in Mexican Dollars, and $3 ,0.% 5,4 50 in
Silver Bullion. Japan took $1,4'U.z70, China
$903, 393 and New York $10.984,89 J.
QUICKSILVER TRADE.
Receipts of Quicksilver at this port during; the
first two months of 1897 were 2438 flasks, against
7659 In the same two months last year. The ex
ports were S>o9 flasks, against 4504-qulte a failing
off,
• BANK CLEARINGS.
Local Dank clearings last week were $14,679,433,
against .$14,561,175 for the same weeK in 1896.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flgnraa
•t station indicate maximum temperature for th«
<S*ys: those underneath It. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth a.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or soli'i
Hoes, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hich" means high barometric pressure aDd
is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
| refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
: and accompanied by ciondv weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
roast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain la probable:
but when the "low- is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able." With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
' «-e«ttier may be expected In summer and colder
' weather In winter. The reverse of these condition!
*nU<**oduce an opposite result.
WEAIHKR BUREAU REPORT.
Uxitkd states Depabtmext of Agrtcui/
ll!P.k,\V]:athkii Bcreau, San Fkakcisco, March
6, 1897, 5 p. M. The following are the rainfalls
for past 24 hours and seasonal rainfalls to date as
compared with those of the same date last season:
! kureka this season . last season 31.13. past
24 hours : lied Bluff 22.07. last season 14.49
• past 24 b00r5. 22: San Francisco 20.41, last season
4.93. past 24 hours .74; Fresno 9 .22, last season
13.89, past 24 hours .26; Han Luis Otiispo 19.33,
rast season 14. 61. past 24 hours .bO: Los Angeles
15.81, last season 7.87. past 24 hours .'2B: san
.i'leso 10.72. last season 6.68, pasi 24 hours .IB;
Vuma . last season .88, past 24 hours .
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 48,
minimum 40, mean 44.
Weai her roud lions and general forecasts:
The storm which was central off the Oregon
coas. Friday nizht nan been forced slowly south
ward and now covers the entire Pacific Mope, with
• minimum pressure of 29 50 inches over North
ern California and South Oregon. Rain has
fallen from Itoseburg southward.
- The following maximum wiud velocity: Tatoosh
Island. 3-5 miles per hour from the east; Portland,
. 26 miles per hour from the east; Fresno. 34 mile*
per hour from the south: San Lain Oblspo 24
nil's a i hour from the south; Idaho Fa li, 28
■ from the south ihe temperature has fallen
• lightly over CMtifornia, Nevada an£ Utah. Very
cold weather prevails east of the Kocicy Moun
tain.
Kiver3— Marysvil'e, 10.2 feet, rising:. Sacramen
to, 20 2, falling: iolsom, 11.9 feet: Bluff, 7 6 feet:
Biocfttun, 5.y feet. - H«avy snow has fallen in the
mountains.
Forecast made at '-an Krunclsco for 30 hours
enrlin hi miai Ighl. March 7, 1897.
Northern CKliiornia— sshoweri" Sunday; high
souther].- winds.
southern California— Showers with thunder
storms in the mountains bunday; high southerly
winds.
Nevada—^now '•unday.
' Utah— Rain, turnine to snow; colder Sunday.
■ Arizona— showers Sunday.
Sao Francisco and vicinity— Unsettled weather
with showers Sunda ': hi h southwesterly winds.
W. h. Mammon, Forecast official.
• NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
" NEW YORK. N. V., March 6.— To-day's limited
market at the Stock Exchange was un er the ab
solute control of the room traders. The weakness
of the international issuer following on the heels
of yes erday's foreign selling was of advantage to
those operatinzior a low er range of prices. Araoug
the issues listed abroad Louisville and Nashville
wasest ecially weaK, falling to 473,4, the lowi gt « f
the week, laul, another favorite, receded^
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leldeedcrff St., Tel. Main 1954.
CE.STHAI. OFFICB
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Pur ly & Atkinson,
Managers. Tel. Mala 5144.
Uptown Uflio— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
Koom). 'Tel. Main I>9l. '
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Manager!.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
tatlons. .Reference Ist National Bunk, s. F.
ciueAOu i'itlVAlii yfutJi. s*.w MOIUL
per cent, to 761/8- Omaha common, however,
scored Hie greatest loss in ttio railway group, de
clining 15/ 8 , to 541,4. New York Central sold down
a point and minors that the matter of refunding
the high interest-paying bonds will not b« taken
up (or some time. I 1 the industrials Sugar was
weak, especially near the clos . Chicago Gas,
Leather preierr«-d aud Genera. Electric were ail a
shade lower. Jersey Central wat the feature of
the anthracite coalers th slocks fall! ltyg.
The bank statement as looked upon as rather
favorable, out it had no Influence on -pecu ation.
X ar the close stocks were Inclined to ra.ly on cov
ering of s.iort . but in the ml trail sue lons the
mar was barely steady in tone. Active slocks I
lust 1,4 ami IVi per cent, while 8.. I'nul and Omaha I
preteiral gamed 2 per ce..t. I ran ions were
light, amountingto73.2oosnar«s. Bonds ere weak
in tone. Hi- sales were $1,173,000. > hesapeake
and Ohio general foiir-aud-H-halves fell 1%: .Hock
ing Valley consolidated fives. 94 : Fort \\ orth and
Denver City first sixes. 1; Northern Pacific threes,
%; Northwest debenture fives of 1909, St.
laul southern, Minnesota Division, slxis, Vg, and
Mundard Rope and - l wine sixes, 34.
In Government bonds, coupon fours of 1925 sold
at 125%; of 1907, at lljjs,' 4l and coupon lives at
1 1 1 ', ±.
Grain.
Finrr — Dull, steady. Winter wheat grades,
$2 30@3 80: do fair to fancy, f£ 45@4 50; do
patents. $4 bO&5; others unchanged: Minnesota
cear, $3 50@3 9£; do straights, $4 25 @4 3o; do
patents. $4 10@4 95; low extras, $2 30@3 30;
City Mills. $4(0)4 90; do patents, $4 80@6 05: Rye
mixture. $2 90@3 60; supertlne, $L@a 80; flue,
$1 BC@2.
Southern flour, dull, steady. Common to fair
extra, $3 20@3 50: good to tliolce. $3 60@4.
• Bye flour, dull, at (9 50@2 85.
CORN MEAL — Quiet, dulL Yellow western.
51 70(dU hO. I
RYE- Dull, firm. Western. 3Sc c. i. f. I'.uiTalo.
BARLEY-Quiet, firmer. Feeding, 26"»ic c L f.
Buffalo.
WHEAT— spot market dull, y ß c lower, steady;
f. o. l> H6^4C; ungraded reJ.7l@B7c: No. i North- I
crn, 87 Vie.
Options opened firm and unchanged, but de- I
climd 1,4(4 1 2>-', rallied S/ B e. ami closed linn at J c I
below yes te'i day. May mid July most active. .No.
2 red March. 833,; c; May, B2yic; July, 80y c; '
1 September, 77-'* 4 c -V>
I CORN spot dull, i 8 c higher, firm." No. 2. !
L'!'. r elevator, 3O&0C Qtluai; steamer mixed, 27c; j
new No 2, 1 8c -
Options were dull and firm at l/gc .advance. |
July only traded In. March, 29.*>ijc; -May, 30Vsc;
July, 815 c. :■*'■%■:■■
OATs— Siots dull, firm.
Options dull, 1 f,c higher, firm. May, 22c. Spo:
prices: No. 2, 22u: No. 2 white. 23y»c; No. 2, |
Chicago. 23c; No. 3, 21 Vie; No. 3 white. 22 Vie: I
mixed Western. -lfcV-'3', a c; white do, 2i@-3u
Provisions.
LARD-Quiet, firm. Western «»»im. $3 35:
City. SF-I@4 ID: May, $4 SO. Refined, fl m, quie: ;
continent, SI 70; b. A., 44 90; compound, $41 a
9434.
ii. tili— Firm, slow. New mess. $S 60ia,9.
' FV'I'TEH- Fancy, steady. Western creamer?, ,
13f019c: factory, 7©rjc; lilcins, 19c; imitation 1
creamery, 10@15c; rolls, 8(&13c.
CH KKsK- Moderately acUve. I'art skims, E@ ■
9c; full skims, b(&4c.
KGUR— Wean. Western fresh, 13c; Southern, !
10@103ic.
I ALiloW-Uarely steady. City, 3 5-lti@Bs g -;
country, J*Vi@Hy 2 c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Firm. Crude, SOVi'tfSOVac; '
yellow prime, 23i/tj@24c.
RlCE— Firm, ' Domestic, 3@B%C
MOLASSES— Steady, moderate demand. New
Orleans, 19@31c - ■■.■■ <t
COFFEE— Quiet: unchanged to 5 points down.
April, $8 95. May. $8 80: Kepi ember, £9. Spot
Rio, dull, steady: No. 7. Si/ a <g,i» c.
SUGAR — Quiet. Fair refining, 2 13-16 c;
centrifugals. t>B test, Si*c; refined, dull: off A,
37 B @4.- V Id: mold A, 4y 2 c; standard A, 4Vi>c;
crushed, 4", b e; powdered, 4 Vac; granulated, 4 4 c. j
i ruit and Produce.
.APRICOTS- Bass. 9@llc.
I> ACI" 1- Unpeeled. bags, 6V<i@9c; do Peeled,
boxes, 10@16c
PRINEs-Four sizes, 4@4Vic
RAISINS— Two crown L. M., 414 c: three
crown, s Vic; four crown, 6St>Vic; i.ooaoa layers, !
$1 308)1 S5: clusters. $1 70
A MOSUs- Soft ahull, "VaSSVic: paper ehell,
io(Si2c.
WALNUTS— Standard, 7c: do soft shell, 9c
HOPS— Quiet: P*cthc Coast, 3©l3c
wool. — Moderately active, firm. Domestic
fleece, 16@23c.
Merchandise.
•TIG I BON —Quiet. American. SlO 25®10 50.
COPPER— -Steady. Lane. *11®12.
AD- Higher. Domestic, .-. 40@* 45.
5 IN— Easy. (-traits, *13 40®13 50. Plates
modcratel. active.
bPELTER— ;teady; domestic, »5 10@5 15.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. March 6 —Despite the warlike
tenor of the press dispatches this morning the
barometer of the European political situation,
British cotfsols, were quiet and steady. This was
a serious backset to the bull movement in wheat.
Furthermore Liverpool cables quoted only a slight
advance, showing Indifference and less anxiety at
that place. Prices in this market opened at a de- '
cline of Vie to Vie from yesterday. A rail .■ to yes- i
terday's figures then took place, the strength' be- !
ing Imparted by "shorts" covering.' -When that '
demand was satisfied a reaction took place.
Receipts in the Northwest were liberal at 327
cars, atßlnst 230 las'. Saturday and 41)4 a year
ago. Chicago receipts, 2J cars, and 32.538
bushels were inspected out. The week's shipments
from both coasts were light at 2,075.000 b ishels, I
against 2,408.000 bushels for the corresponding {
week a year ago. Argentine shipments this week j
were 192,000 bushels. Cosine continental cable i j
w»-re irregular. Export clearance* were lieht at I
138.168 bushels. -May wheat opened at 763/gC to 1
761,8 ' ; sold between 76% c and 76c, closing at '
.76(a.76VgC, Vi@% : under yesterday. Estimated j
receipts lor Monday. 14 cars. No. 2 reJ, spot,
wheat was quotably ss(§,B~Vie and closed about
85cto88Vic
: COKN— corn market was stealy generally,
the opening, however, bring easy, partly through
the Influence of the quieting cables an<t partly In
sympa.by 'with wheat. The large exports from I
bbth Coasts for the <veek, 5,255.006 busheU. were
a factor in affording sus aiiiing power. Receipts 1
were 290 cars, and 1«2? bushels were taken from j
store. Liverpool cables were 1.4(1 higher, but 1
quiet.' Heavy buying by a promi:iant snippin; |
house Imparted strength later. Export clearances
were heavy at 778,657 bushels. Awn i - ship
ments were light at 40,000 bmheis. May con
opened at 24Vjtc sola between tout and -4-<4c,
closing at i.'45 /B e. unchanged from yesterday. Es
timated receipts for Monday 270 cars.
OATo— The trade in oats was light and the tone
steady. he same consideration which tended to
restrain bullish ardor in wheat and corn was ef- {
fective In oats. Receipts were ■'! 37 cars There
were no withdrawals from store. Kxport clear
ances were 5U.000 bushels. May oats closed a
shade under yesterday. Estimated receipts for
Monday 600 cars. «
FLAX— Was steady. No. 1, 771/2<\ nominal;
Northwes.em, 79Va c ° arrive: May, 7ri VaC; July.
80 He; September, 81 Vac Receipts were 9 cars.
PROVISIONS— Ttie run of hogs at the yarai
this mo/ning was little more than half the num
ber exacted. An advance of s®lo cents in prices
at that place was the result, and product received
stimulus from that circumstance- May pork
closed a shade bUhe- than yesterday, May lard
unchanged, and May ribs '!■*/%£ higher.
BUTTER— The butler market was dull and
weak to-day.
Creameries— Extras. 18c: Craw. lf®l7c; sec
onds, 14@15c; imitations, fancy, )-/@l4c. Dairies
—Extras. 16c: firsts. 14(516c: seconds. OOlOc.
Ladles— Extras, ll@l'-'c: tlrsis, bi/ ©»Vzc; packing
block. He; grease, 2y 2 @3c; roll butter, luc.
EuGS— Receipts large, demand good. Fresh
stock llcperdozeo.
MONEY — Was 4V4@5% on call and 6% on time
loans. New York eacnunge sold at 70c discount.
Closing Price*.
WHEAT — arch, 75c; May, 76@76l/ 8 C; July,
731/ic: September, 71 Vie-
CORN — March, 23y»c; May, 248/ 8 July,
258/ic: Hepte 11 ber, 27c.
(jaTS— March, 16c; May, 17i/ 2 c; July, 183/»
@18V5»c.
I'OKK-May, $8 37y 2 ; July, f8 47y .
LARD— May. Si 20; July. $4 30. , A* .
liliib— May, Si 40; July, $4 50.
Livestock.
CATTLE— Receipts. 300. Fair beeves. $5 30
@5 40: choice to prime steers, 85 4"ai6 45: good
10 choice steers. $4 6U@4 85: medium steers.
$4 35@155; fair beef steers. $4 05®l .0; com
mon beef steers, $3 75@4 00: good to prime stock
ers ant feeder*. $3 90@t 25: common to good
do, $3 40©3 85: bulls, cnoice to extra, »3 60
(a.. J , 76; do poor to choice. %l 40@3 40; cows and
heifers, ctioice to prime, «3 80@4 25: cows, fair
to choice, *2 76@)3 7S; do common to fair runners,
$1 40 @ 2 60; calves, good to fancy, $5 75@8 26;
do common to goon, $ < 60@5 50: '1 exas ted sieers.
fair to choice, 93 60@4 25: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen, *2 ftO@3 40; milkers and sprlngeis, per
bead, $2£@4t>.
HOGS— Receipts. 14.G0U. Heavy packing and
shipping .lots, «3 06443 85: common to choice
mixed $3 65(%3 87 1/3: cnoice assorted. $H 80®
8 90:Ii£hl. 93 7U@.<9o; pigs. 83 40©3 85.
MiKKl'- Receipts. 500. Inferior to choice,
}3(54 25; lambs, 93 75*5 25.
Receipts at Omaha.
FOtJTH OMAHA. NF.BR-. March 6-HOOS-
Becelpts. 2800. Market 10c higher. Light aud
mixed, 93 65@3 70} heavy, S3 60@S >i 5.
CATTLE — Keceipis. 800. Market s'eady to
strong. Steers, $ •♦ 50@4 40; cows, 91 50@3 00;
feeoer*. »3 2.'.@4 40.
BHEEP— None.
Receipts at Kan gnu City. ,'
KANPAS CITY. Mo.. March 6-CATTLE-
Recelpts, 300. Market steady. Naive dressed
beer grades, $4@4 80: s-o ker.l and feeders; C 3 95
@4 60; Texas and VVeseri.. f :i(g» . 40; calves,
$i(%l-; cow* »nJ hff<-rs, ft 80® • 60.
10 ><}.•>-. Receipt*. 3.'iUo M«r . strong. 100
higher. Light, 93 76©avO; heavy, $3bO; pins,
93 25©3 &a
n.hiul' — Receipts. 600. Market steady.
MSW VOKK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on cell 1 Vis®!* '•. Prime mercantile paper,
3%. Bar silver, 63% c. Mexican dollars, 50 W<Aslc.
Mt-rllng exchange strong, with at tual business in |
banlc-rs' bills at $4 85V 2 (St4 853,4 for 60 days »nd
94 87V4@* 87% fordeniand. 1 osled rules, $4 Bt(gt
4 8(5. commercial bi.ls, *4 84y (»4 »6y 4 . Govern
ment bonds firm: Mate bonds dull, railroad
bonds weak. Silver neglected. -
CIOBINB BTOTK*. '
Am Te' A Cable... 86Vi North American... 4%
Atchlson 12 Northern l'acifl; . 1«%
Preferred 22% i'r-ferred 37
Adams Express. ..l4B i Northwestern. 10ay 2
.-, Hon. Terre Haute 56 j Preferred ...15S
American Kxpresslll UK V Central.... ... Hi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
• American Tobacco 743/ 8 N Y. Chlcago&StL 121/2
Preferred 105 1 Ist preferred 70
Ray fetate Gas 10&/& 2d preferred. 26Vj
Baltimore & Ohio.. 15 ' . l.\ V 4 N H. ....:.. 174
Brunswick Lands. s/ 8 N V & New Eug..; 37
Euftalo, Roch A P. lie.^jX. V. Busq <fe W.... . BVi
Canada Pacific... 63 1 Frrferred 25
Canada (southern.. -4t> [Ontario JO
Canton Land < ntario & Western 14%
Central Pacific 10v 4 prei:onlmprovmnt—
I v lies & Ohio 17 Vw l"rete-red — •
Chicago Alton 167 jOrecon Navigation 11
Preferred 172 Oregon Miort Line. 14
Chicaso, B it Q.... 761/ racine Mall 253,4
Chicago & E 111.... 4* Peona. V A Evani lV a
Preferred 95 jl'ittsbur* & W pfd. Is
Chicago Gas.. . 76% Puilman Palace.... 169
Clev<*& l ¥ lUßt>iir'ji.lt>6V2 Quicksilver. ....... 1
Consolidation Coal. 33 Preferred 12
Consolidated Gu9..152V 2 Readme 34%
CCC& St Louis... 2S Kionrande&Westa 13
Preferred .... 75 I referred i>BVii
Colo Fuel & Irca.. aiVs Rock Island 67Vi
Preferred >"5 RomeWat&Ofden.ll6i,4|
Cotton O I Cert.... 12 bt L & W.. ....... 37/ 8
Commercial Cable. 160 I preferred 10V%
Del Hudson 107y 2 !t?t Paul 7"%
Del Lack&Westru. 154 Preferred i3sy~
lienveriKG ivy 8 St Paul i Duluth.. It*
Preferred 38 I Preferred ..... 80
Eistlllers. — St Paul & Omaha.. f>s',4
General Klectrlc... X 4S /A Preferred 189 Vi
Erie 14 St V M <fc M... 116
Preferred 33 Vi' Silver Certificates. 64 Vi
Fort Wayne ln.i Southern Pacific... l4Vs
Great Northern Dfd 120 Southern X X ...... 8S /4
Ureen Bay. — Preferred 87%>
Harlem JdS Sugar Refinery H63 /a
Hocking Coal. 4 Preferred il)4Vj
i Hocking Valley... 48, Ten Coal <fe Iron.. 27s /g
1 Homestake... :->5 Preferred bO
M & Texas Central— Texas Pacific ..... 8
Illinois Central S2Vj Tol A A & N Mich.
lowa Central. 6 3 /* Tol Ohio & Central 15
Preferred 24 V 2' Preferred 60
Kansas* Texas..'. 129/s Tol St Louis &X 0 BVs»
Preferred 3()S /4 I Preferred IBMI
j Kingston & Perm.. 3 ! Onion Pacific.. 6%
Lake Erie & Westn 16V/a i: P Den &Gulf.... 1 %
Preferred -68 jU b Cordage. —
Lake snore 168Vjj' Preferred
National Lead . 23Vai Guaranteed —
Preterred Hi V H Express 85
LonglslanJ 46 Vt> Leather. BV4
I l-t>uWville & Nash. 48Vs" Preferred 698/«
1 Louisville. N Aionr ■ijllib Rubber 20
Prelerred lv* Preferred 72%
1 Manhattan C0n.... Ht.i /a ! Itica <t B River.. .lso
1 Memphis * Charlj 16 nil HL & Pacific. 6
! Mexican Centra ... 8 1 Preferred 156^
! Michigan Central.. 9.. j Welis-Farga .... 99V»
I JUInn&SL — Western Union.... hi '
Preferred Wisconsin Central. IV%
Jllnti* st 1, com.. 18 Wheeling & I.E. . 1»a
Is: preferred 76Vi| Preferred 6
idDrefrrred 46 lAm Cotton Oil pM. 65
I Missouri Pacific... 23%W U Beef 6V4
Mobile A Ohio 2l» I Ann Arbor 9
I Nashville & Chittt. 67y 3 i Preferred ; 24
I National Linseed.. 12% Brooklyn Traction. 21
!N J Central 94 Krie 2d pfd 21
j Norfolk «S. Wesitra. 14 American Spirit* . 13y 8
*-iel«rrwl 26 Preferred 331/4
■i ;'•■'„-• tiosiso fox us. ...- ';'-".% .i
Alr Clous A 4»- 104 Northern l - ac 1.1U.116
Do Class B 4, ss. 104 Do '2di. 54
■ Alabama, class C. 18 Do 3.15. ....... an
Airhisoa 4s fc2 | Doconsolss
Do ids A 46Vi Or lmprovmm Ist. St
Canada bouth 2(t5.104V Do ss. .... 20
Cen I'ac Ist* of'9s . ' cR <£ N'ists! "... 113
Cherokee 4s. 1896 i Doconsol 5s ..—
Do 1897 100 Or Short Line 65... 119
DOIB9S 100 Doconsol 5s 761/4
D 01899 100 Pacific 6sof 'B7. .
I Ches&Ohio 65....110Vs l hila& Heading 4* 81
Ch<kNPTr Rets 42 ! Do Ist pfd Incom. 44y
I DC3-655. 109141 X UrandeWest Ist* 72 Vl
Den & RGlst 111% *t L<tlronMtUensi 75
Do «s 88 St Ldt sFGen 6s..lllVii'
Erle2ds... 66 i.'2'^c Paul Consols.... 134
FtW&DenClty lstj 6sV 2 -t P C <fe Pa lsts ..117y 3
H&, B A «Ss 104 .'So Carolina 4V<u... 106 '
Do 7s. 5-5 Vi Southern X os.. t-9V£
Gen Elec DebSs... 95 Do Pac Cat lsts.. 107
& Tex Cent HO i Ten new 3s 77
Docon6s. 104 Texas Pac 15t5..... 89
' lowa Centra,! lsts.. 95 I exas Pac 2di. ... 2iy 9
1 Kansas Pa Consols 74Vi Union Pac Ism 98.101
iha Pa lsts DenDivU6 t !r. 4s reg of 1923. 123' 4
La Con sol 45........ yij Do 4s, coupon. 12.J3 «
Mißsourlfundim. ! ' D 4s reg of 1907. 11l
ilKTids. SPVi Do 4s. coupon.... 113
I>o4s fc4 Do2s 95y a
| Mobile & Ohio 45.. 6HV2 Dots. Reg ...114
Mutual Union 6s-. 10 1 Do&s.coupon . . . 114
N J Cent Gen 65.. .116 l / 4! Va funding deot.. «2S/g
> V St Louis 45105 3 /i Do registered. . .—
Nor<t West 65122 Do deferred 6«... 5
N Carolina con 45.102 1 Do trust rcpt s;pj 61/4
D065...........i-j4 ;Wabash Ist 6* 107
NtirthwestConsols. 141 Wes: tiuoro *«..... 10 7 y.
i/OCcb fill 111 8 ,4
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL :
LIVERPOOL, Eno., March The spot market
Is firm at 6s 73£&8* Bd. Cargoes are steady at 33s
lVbd, tellers, 1 rorapt shipment.
H'TfRKS.
The Produce Exchange cable elves the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March
6a 4d; May, 6s 5y 8 d; July, Us 51/41.
Becdritieß.
LONDON, Eng., March 6.— Consols, 111; silver,
29 5-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 40c
EXCHANGE AND BILLION*. ', -
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5.......;; — «4 86%
sterling Exchange, sight — 4 H^-V
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight „. — . 10 ■■
New Yoric Exchange, telegraphic. — 15 -7'
Fine silver, per ounce — tS3V 8
Mexican Dollars '.. — 61V3
•— ; , .
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT AND »- THKK GRAINS. '
WHEAT— Is firm, end millers are paying an ad- !
vance for extra choice. No change In shipping i
grades. Quoted at $1 25@1 S2y 2 * ctl fur com- :
mon grades, $1 35@1 37i/ a ctl for average No. |
1, $1 40 r ctl for choice and $1 42Va(S)l 50 II ctl
for extra choice ling.
CAM. HOARD BALES. .7 "
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock— No sales
Second Skssion— JUy-6000 ctls, $1 37%. De
cember—lo.ooo $1 18V4-
RKCit'LAK 41OBN1NO fsKSSio>.'— May— l6,ooo ctls,
*: 3'.y«: 2001 •,*. 37%; 18,0U0, $1 371/4.
BARLEY— Continues dull at previous prices.
Feed, 72y 5 @77y 2 c fi ctl: Brewing. 87i/^^9uy B e. ■
• . CALL BOARD BALKB. .
Infobual Skbsjon— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
bKCOSD >EBBH)N— No sa.es.
P.Ei.fLAR Mobni.no session— December- 2000 '
ctls, 7vy a c.
OATS— The market was neglected yesterday.
Milling, $1 26@1 30: Fancy Feed, $1 S2y 2 @l 35;
Common While, fl@l 10; good to choice, $1 160 i
1 30, according 10 quality; Black for feed, !)scru>
Si 05; for ed, $1 20@l 30: Gray, SI 15@1 25; I
Red, $1 10©l 20; surprise. $1 40@l 60 9 ctl.
CORN— Larze Yellow Is still higher, but the
other sorts are reported quieter. Large eliow,
BO'aßsc; Small Round do, 95®97Vic: White, 80
@85cilctl. ■
KVE-85i387y,c iSctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 15@1 25 fl CtU
FLOUR AND JIILLSTCFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 85@4 95: Bakers' extras, $4 75(g,4 85; Super
fine S4@4 35 %< bbl.
COUNMEAL ETC. -Feed Corn, 817 6U@lB;
Cracked corn, *1 b;u,lS 50 V. ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follow 4
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour. 6- Bt>
>. 100 lbs; Rye Flour, *2 75 •# 100; Rice Flour,
$5 75; Cornmeal, $2@2 25; extra cream do, $2 76:
oatmeal, $8 50; Oat Groats, $4; Hominy, $3 10
($3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $3 26@3 SO; Clacked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat lour,
$H; Rolled Oats (bbls). $6 60@5 90; Pearl Barley,
f3 75(g,1: Split Peas, $3 60; Green do, (4 25 «i
100 lbs.
HAY AM* FEEUSTUFF3. ,
The incessant rains greatly Interfere with the
sellng of Hey. >';■:;.
BRAN— 9I2 60@13 for the best and $11 60@12
ft ton for outside brands.
]UIt>DLINGS-slß@il9 for lower grades and
$19 50@20 60 %4 tun lor the best.
FEEUbTUIFS — RoUed Barley, $17@17 00;
Ol cake Meal a the mill, $26 bo ft ton; iobbing!
27 50: clipped Oats. $1 30 ®1 50 %i ctl.
HAY — Wheat, $8@11: Whea. and Oat, $7®
10: Oat, $ 6<a9: Baney, $7®B 60: River Barle.-,
*s@« 60; Alfalfa, ?6@7 50: compressed. $6@
& 60; stock, $.Va6; I. lover, $6®B 14 ton.
S'i'KAW- 25(a>50c "f* bale.
BEANS AM) SBEDI.
Limns aril colored descriptions rule firm, but
Whiles are weak and dull.
BEANS - Bayos, $1 60@l 65 $ ctl: Smail
Whites. $1 10@l 20 V, ctl: Lar^e Whites, $1®
115; Pin*s. $1 10@ll 25: Reds, *1 lO.aJl 26-
Blackeye, $1 26&61 36: Red Kidney, $7 25. Li mas,
$1 80652; Butters, $1 25®1 50; Pea, «1 10@l 30.
SEE I Brown Mustard, »2 60&2 75: Ye low
Mustard, $1 75(82 V ctl: Flax, $l"sUii£l 60; Ca
nary seed, 18/4^21/40 9 tb: Alfalfa, tiVic; Rape,
2y 2 f42«4c; Hemp, 3c; Timothy, 4y a c
DKIKi) PEAK— Miles *101 20 ft ctl; Green,
$1 40® I 50 ? ctl.
POTATOES, . ONION*, ViCGKTABLKS.
Oregon Onions are lower under increased re
ceipts. Marrowfat Uqilasb is higher. On y 85
boxes Rhubarb came in.
POTATOKS— New Potatoes, 3@sc it n>;' Sweet
Potatoes, $I@l 76 accord to quality: Early Rose,
7UMBOc; River I eds, 70iS80c: Burbank Seedlings.
60(a'j5c V ctl for Rivers, Soi(a.sl 10 for Salinas and
6A@ißjc tor Petaiumas; Oregon ■ ±surbankg, t6c<ji
«1 10. ,
ONIONS— SI 25@1 50* ctl; Cut Onions, 60c@
$1; Oregon $1 7^@l yo .
VEGiiTABLES— Mushrooms are quotable at
l&@20( > tb: . tit Plant, 10c ft lb: Hothouse Cu
cumber 50c@$l 25 $doz: Asparagus 8(9111 c Ib
lorcommon and 12y a (SlVVaC for choice: Rhubarb,
$1 5 (gii 25 «* box; Los Angeles Summer >qtia3h,
nominal: I.os Angeles Green P. ppers, c Mar
rowia Squash. $c(g»8 it ton. Los Angele.iTonnaoes,
fci)<(g.*l V *>■ x: Drien Peppers. 7c %< Ib: Green Peas,
S(ii,6^: %* Ib: Los Aniieles String Beans, 16c M lb:
Dried Okra. B®9c $ tb: Cabbage, 4Oiasoc 9 ctl;
Carrots, .s@3^c ft back; Garlic, lVit@2cft lb.
r.liii: , CHEESE AM) EGOS.
BUTTER— RnIs sell better than squares for all
the dairies seem to be running on squares now.
The market continues weak. ■ ;: S
.. *. beamkey— Fancy creameries, 18@19o; sec
onds, li'@l"Vic IS tb.
» Daisy— Fancy, 1 41491 Be ft lb; gooa to choice,
13®14c: lower grades. 12@12V a c. .
Picklkd— l3osl4c ft fb for old and 16c ft lb for
new. :.'■ .-
Firkin— l3@l4c ft lb for old and 15c ft lb for
new.
C BKAM KRY 1 VB— 16®1"C ft lb.
CUEESE-Veiy weak, with large stocks. Choice
! mi 1 new, Bo: common to good, 6@7V<jc: Cream
Cheddar, iO@llc; Young America, BVa@9c '$ tb;
! Western. ll(aH2c; 1- astern. 14@l4Vic. '
EGGS— The tendency Is upward, nut no further
advance Is no cd. Kanci l-Kg's. liy a 'al3c; store
*:««». 11(0,11 * <loz; Duck Eggs, 15c.
.- .. POULTRY AND UAMK.
POULTRY— Several cars of Fa-tern will be put
on the market ear y this week. Local stock is
well cleaned up.
Live Turkeys. 13@14 lb for Gobblers, 13<ai4c
"$ Jb for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, li'@lßc ■$ fb:
Geese "9, pa $1 60(3)1 75; GosiJnsrs. $2 60@3;
Ducks. $4 60@5 fcr old and $6@7 lor yo mg;
I ens. J3'<t4 V dor: Roosters, youn.% $.i@s 60:
do. old, $3 50; Fryers,. «6®5 50: Broilers. $4 50
©5 )or larte and $3@4 for small; Pigeons, $.'@
■/ 50 » doz for young »n.l $1 25 for old.
GAMli— Haf ar-j lower mid neglected. English
Sni) e, $3 ft dozen; Hare. 50c: Rabbits, (1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 26 for small: Gray Geese, $2 60:
White Geese, 75c; Bratit,sl@l 25. , - y -.
DECIDUOUS AND CIXKUS FRUITS.
Seven cars of New Orleans Bananas came in. Ap
ples are scarce «nd firm. Ther* is a steady and
good demand for choice Navel Oranges.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 50@2 %i box for choice and $I@l 25
for common. '
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges are quotable
atsl76@3fi box: Seedling", 75c@*l 25 v box;
Lemons, 6 <cAsl for common and $1 25@2 for
good to choice: -Mexican Limes,s4.>o@s: California
Limes, 75c; Bananas, $l:g»2 V bunch; Pineapples,
f 2@4 * dot -
DRIEU FRUITS. RAISINS, NUTS, KTC.
The market for everything in the list is flat and
neglected and quotation! are largely nominal.
DRIKD FRUlTS— Quotations are nominally as
follows: . !•''•
Cabload Lots— Apricots, 6®9c for Royals tnd
II V 2 @l2c fer choice to fancy Moorparks; Prunes.
2ya(»23/4,c for the 4 siz-s: Peaches, 4®5y 2 c for
prime to choice. t>V2@7o for fancy and
b@loc for peeled in boxes: Apnles. Ofil
5V 2 c for evaporated and '. @2'/i>c for sun-lriedf;
Pears, 2y 2 <&sc tor prime to choice, 4@sy c for
quarters aud 6@t>i/2 U for haves: Plums. 4c for
pitted and iy 2 c for unpitled; Nectarines, 3y 2 @
4 Vic for choice and 6y c .for fancy ; White tigs,
3c; Back Figs, 2Vi@2y c.
■..,.1 .i -.i, I'bicks- Peaches, ■lv^@sy 2 c lb:
funcy. @7y<>c %>. Ib: peeled. 12y g ■ $ fb. Aprl
crts, 6y .a9 r It: lane. 10c; MoorparK>, li<§>
13c; evupora'^d App es, 5%c; sun-dried, 2%WB<--;
Prunes. B«s3i/4C fortho 4 sizes; Figs, black, 3c lor
unprtssed at 3@3y 2 c for pressed; white Fl«s 4c;
P.ums. 4i»@sc for uitt^d anil iy c for un pitted:
Nectarims. 'i i<£ti c %* Ib for prime- to fancy: Pears,
l.'Vi@sc for who.c, 4y a @sy a c tor quarters and 4y 8
&6i^c for halve <. •: ■ .- . »■ ■ ; */
RAISfIN — *■■: ■■•?..;. Ji
Carload Prices — Four-crown, loose. 8 c;
three-crown, 43/gC ~# Ib: two-crown. 3*40 * lb;
sredli as Sultanas. 61/2 C: seedless Muscatel*, 4'gc;
three-crown Loudun 1.-yers. *1 15: clusters. $1 hO;
L'ehesa clusters. '$2 60: Imperial clusters, $3;
dried Grapes. 3c $ rb.
Jobbing Piiicks— Sak Fbancisco— Four-Crown,
loose, 5- M 4c: 3-ciown, 4%c; 2-crown. 3%c; seed
less Julianas, 5%c; seedless Musca els, 4y 2 c;
3-crown. London layers, (125; clusters, $1 60;
Dehesa clusters, $2 75: Imperial clusters, $3 26.
N UTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8@10c>; Walnuts
6V @7c V lb for standard and «<jJ9Vsjtj %* lb for
sofshi"!!: Almonds, ♦*(*«» for Lang.iedoc, H©
3i /3 i for hardshell «nd B(|J9i '# tb for papernell;
Peanuts, 4@6<- i> tb for Eastern and 4c lor Call
fornia: Hlcko/y Nuts ."•(0,61- t* lb; Pecans. 7Vsl®
8c lb: >llberts, 7y @Bc: Brazil Nuts. 7y a &8c;
Cocoauuts, *5@5 50%* 100. ■. ,
HONEY— Comb, 10@12V«cfor bright and s@9c
for lower grade*; water-white extracted, s®sVio:
light amber extracted, 4y 2 84 Ac; dark amber, 4®
4iAc: dark, L'@3c ? lb.
BEEbWAX-2'J®-.'sc V !b. , ,
PROVISIONS.
Bacon shows an advancing • tendency. Hams
' and Lard are unchanged. . . '. ■■*'• -
CURED M KATH-Bacon. 6ViC^ S> for heavy, 7c
¥ Ib for light medium. 9V>c for light, 10c r tb for
' extra light and 1 1 Vie Vlb tor savar-cured. Ens •
lem sugar-cured .Mains, 1 lm.l 'J ' -_.r: California
' Hams. ]U@.i()«.i": Mess Beef, *7@7 50; extra
\ mess do, *B@B oO: family do. $9 50®10: extra
prime Pork, $7 50&8; extra clear. tfltf # bbl;
mess, $14 ¥» bbl: smoked Beef, 10c ft It.
LAKD— 1 a-,.. :11 tl"rcea is quoted a: 53 /4 c for
I compound ami -6 V4 Cathie for pure; pulls, 1 I/4C;
California tierces. si/*(S<i^4C for compound and
i 6Vi<Sit'i, a c for pure: huli-bb.s, 7c; 10- tb tins, 7 Vic:
; do. 6 Ib. 71140 y tb
COT'i'iiLhSr.- 5V2@5 : V 4 c in tierces. and 7%@
8y 8 c in 10- tins. ________
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS
Dullness characterizes lilies. Wool and Hops.
H.DKH AND SKI.-*— Gulls and brands sell lc
' under sound stoc*. Heavy salteJ steers are quo.
--1 able at 8<: V tb:' medium, ,7c '«l Ib: ligliu 6@6Vsc:
1 Cowhides, ti«6Vic: salted Kip. 6c > tt: salted
Calf. 7@8o: suited Veal. 6c; dry Hides, l'jy '#
13c: culm and brands, 9i,ii<*:oc # Ib: dry Kip and
Veal. 9@loc; dry Calf. 15c-, culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@35<-uch: Kids, sc; Deerskin*, good summer,
25c %i lb; medium, 20c; winter, 10c: Sheepskins,
sheariliiKS, lU(s2oc each; short woo!, 26(535c
*»•« h: medium, 30@45aeacb; lung wools, 40@60c
each. ' > . • :
T ALLOW— No. 1, rendered, S@3Vic; Na. 2,
2Vie: refined. sc: Grease. 2c ft Si.
. ■ W'»oi— ban Joaqulu, 4@6c; Eastern Oregon, 7(ri)
10c >. 'I-. . . i - .
HOPS— 6(e»Bc for fair to choice and 9(g»10c * lb
for fancy. .' . '________
OINERAL MERCHANDISE:.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Kags, spot, sc: June-July
delivery, 6i/ 8 c; San Queutin, 6c; wool Bags, -* 1 . 2
@-'8i/ 2 -. ' ■ ' >:
I CUAL-Wellin;ion, $8 ? ton: New Wellington,
1 $8 per ton; !»out!i!leid Wellington, I*7 50 ft ton:
i beattle, J 5 50: Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay, (4 75
! %* ton; Wallsend, (6 50 9 ton: Ctnuberia d.
1 $13 50 V ton In bulk and (15 in sacks: Perm
; sylvania, Anthracite Egg,' $il@l2 %t ion; Welsh
I Anthracite, $«(g»10: Cannel. $8 1* ton. Rock
bprings, Castle Gate and Pieasan. Valley. $7 60;
Cuke. $11012 in bu and $13 V ton In ttks.
CANNED SALMON -The Alaska Packers' As
tociatlon quotes Red Salmon as follows: In lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c $ dozen; 60,000 cases, 92U.C
V dozen; 76,000 cases, 90c 9 dozen, net cash f. o.
b. ex-ship. ■ .
SUuaR- The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes; terms net cash: Cube an i Crushed, SS/ic:
1 owdeia.l, sV*<-: Fine Crushed. 58,4 c: Dry Granu
lated, 4s/ 8 c: ConfeciionerV A, 4.V(jc: Maitnolla A.
! 4 Vic; ■ xtraC. Ji/ac; Golden C tc; halt barrels
14c more than. barrels and boxes VgC more. ■"-.'.■■
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT JIABKKT.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
! terers are as follows:
BEKF— First quality, 6c; second, 6@sy2C; third
do. 4@4y 2 o V lb.
VEaL— Larg>', 6<a6c; small, 6@7c 9 tb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6i/ a c; Ewes, sV«@6c
» tt>.
LAMB—Sprlng, S@BVa' V Ib-
POKK— Live nogs, 3i /2 @ "$ Ib for large and
3y B @>4c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
©6c * tt). ■■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks ... i 1,164 buitttr. ctls.... — 520
Oregon 4,9-8 Cheese, cut 75
Whea.. ctls 975 K«v coa 17,46)
Oregon : 750 Hide* no 1,346
Xarley.ctla.. „...- 2*o ! Pelt 1 lidls 1-6
Oats, Or, ctls.... 1851 Wine, gals fc 68 300
Leans, ski 766 Leather, r01u.... 62
Potntoen, am 2,426 Lime, bbls ...... 201
Oregon 2,2?9 Quicksilver, risks 127
Onion*.*** , 81 Wool, out 8
Oregon 649 Oregon 144
Hay. luiis .- 170 rlatslna. boxes . t!M)
Straw, tons "-0 lumber. M foi*. .20
hran. *k5. ...;...- B'J' Chicory, bbls 60
Middlings, ski. 40 ■
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Cyrus and Emily T. Walker to Lucius L. Solo
mons, lot on N line of Pacific avenu •. 81:03/4 E of
Octavia street, X H:IU/4 t-y N 127:8: $10.
Domthea Xl lan or Alsenz and Johanna Alsenz
to ;>.ary Alsenc. lot on N line of Post street, 150
W of Lagunj, W 25 by N 126; $10.
Charles W. and Helen A. Cross to Thomas J.
Coleman. lot on N line of Waller street, 158 E of
Devlsadero, E 25:9 b/ N 187:6; if 3650.
Thomas D. McKenna to Frances F. McKenna,
lot on W line of Va encla siree , 286 8 of seven
teenth. X 26 by W 1,0; g ft.
P.illip aud hebecca Latin to Fd ward and Fred
erick Laun. lot on » lin or Uorland street. 193:10
E of Sanchez, X 31:3, S 135:1. W 31:2, N 137:ai^,
subj-ct tollfeesta'e of flrn parties; $10.
Hlbernta Havings and Loan >o<ieiy to Mary
Locker and A ntone Smitli* lot on S line of Tweotv
fifth street, 71:6 E Of B ..rtlett, E 22 by S 100;
*2700
Jacob and Llna Hey man (by Oscar Heyman,
attorney) to Charles I. Johnson, lot on Milne or
Alvarado street, 126 W of Hoffm <n avenue
(Ellen), W 26 by 6 118, lot 19J, Ueyman Tract:
»10.
K. T. and Louise M. Harding to A. Barnard, lot
on BE coruer of a street and Thirty-third aye iue,
X 228, SK 19:2, » 186:8, W 120, S 25, W 120, N
225: f .0.
J. J. and Amelia Fatjo to same, all iuteres' in
outside lands 34 9, quiulaim deed: $10.
A. Barnard to J. J. Fatjo, lot on X iin« of Thirty
third avenue. 376 .s or C, N 225, h, 240, .». 200, W
12u, 8 25, W 120, excluding therefrom a tri
angular corner belonging to A. Sutro; $10.
Louis and t.ose Llpman, London and -au Fran
cisco bauk (limited), to Henry H. 1 asey, lot on
-\ line of 1 s.reet, 67:6 W of Ninth aveuue, W 25
by M 100; $10.
Christine M. Iverson to Emil F. Zahler, lot on W
line of Eleventh avenu , 250 N of J street, N" 2i
by W 120; $10.
John \V. and Annlb L. Wright to Jules Lemai. re.
lot ou E line ol Porty-fifth aveuue, 200 If of X
Street, X i.O by t 120; *lU.
At.AMFDA COUNTY.
Moses J. F-onk to. Alameda Macadamizing Com
pany, lot on N line of East >ourteenlh street, 76
E of .\ineieentu aveuii •. M 75 by .\ 140, beineliAs
4, 6 aid 6, i:iocn 2:, San Antonio, East, oak
land; 91.
Nicholas Bro; hy to P. J. Brophy. lot on W line
of Miv no. in street. 225 .V of I uirtieth, N2sby W
333: <, being portion of lot 10, block (>. latms of
Ptralta Homestead Association, Oakland: $10.
.10-uj'ii lierr.tcher to Michael and iaa M. Geiien
hofer, lots 21 to 24, b ock 21, Esmdlllo Tract, .-an
LeanUro, Koen Township; 10.
Frank Jasper et al. (by commissioner) to Jose
Baptlsta, lo; on 8 line of Stauiey street, 290.70 E
of Gruv , S 60, * 104.63, W 60, N 104.03 to begin
ning, btinc lot 7, block 8, McKee Tract, Oakland
Township: $160
John and Mi.rsrariila Baptists to Francisco &
Colaco, same; $10
1 mi y A. l-i-rt to Ueerge C. £oardman. undi
vided interest in lot 6. plat 83, Mountain View
cem-tery, Oakland Township; $10.
Wiiuei" Wa>ker and J jim Fearn (execuors 0?
the estate of Ann Reid) to George Koeih, lots 69.
!70 and 71, mescal Park, Oakland 'lownship:
a so lot on X line of Temescal avenue, 166:» W of
Ma 1« street. W 35:4 by N 150, beinic the W 33:4
feet of lot 41 and X 2 feet of lots 24, 25 and 2b,
same: »l»o lot on B\V corner of M«ple and Birch
streets, \V 100 b.' 8 100. being the is 100 leet oi
lot* 34 and 35. same; $2720.
Mary F. Johnson to J. Howard Johnson, lot on
lii.co l'er»lta avenue, 65 nof Palm street. W
126 by H 25. lot li. block A, Frultvale Electric
Road Trac-c,'Broo<lyn Towns ij): $10.
H. H. Pitch r to 1-.. E. Hend. lot on B line of
First stree:. distant NE 2.436 chains from X lino
of Spring street, thence NX 75 feet, x% V 2SB"
\ chains aW 76 et, NW 2.88 chains to beginning,
| por on of an unnunrbered plat of I'k-asa't' n
Hr>nu-stial. Pea^anlon. Murray Township: $15J.
F. B, Anna, F. B. Jr. and sue ti. Granger to
Pet"r Pilse, lot 10. bock 187, town of Newark,
Washington Township; $10.
Bnild«r»' Contracts
James Jt, Wilson with A. W. Jones, to erect a
three-story building on N line of Waller street,
125 X of Masonic avenue: $5450: i lans by owner.
Mrs. Louise Neman with Franz & Burmelster,
to erect a two-story frame buiidinz and stable on
N line of Fulton street, 160 E of Lyon; $3793;
Laist & scbwer.it. ' rchltects.
Henri Jfotteti with Robert Tros 1 . to erect a one
story cottage on Sty' corner of Cortland avenue
and Kebraika street; $1474; In. t>epierre, archi
tect.
THE STOCK MAEKET.
There was considerate shrinkage in values of
mining stocks last week, as will be seen by the
appended Jtable. The Higher priced stocks were
the chief sufferer*. The decline in Con. Cal. A
Va. was from $2 05 to *145, but there was a sub
si quern, recovery to $1 60.
'1 lie Opblr assessment falls delinauent In board
and the Ancles assessment In office to-morrow and
the Utah delinquent sale takes place also. The
output of the Con. Call <fc Va. last week amounted
to <>ft t< us of ore of the aver issav value of
*59 90 per ion. For the previous week tne output
was 128 tons, averaging $34 09 per ton.
The mi nil)-.', milling and other corporations on
and uround the ComstocK disbursed the following
sums lor Ketruary. 1897: Mule <Ss >orcioss
*1300; Andes. $1200: (on. Cal. & Vn., $9615:
Mexican. $1588: Ophlr $2:0: Best <& B.lclie -,
$1727: Gould & Curry. $1075; Al a, 91033: Utah.
$392; Ocddpnttii,' sl623; Brunswic'c Kxp;orn lon
Corupanv, $6437; Crown Point. $14115: Yellow
Jack*:, $.1204: contidenci-. $426; Cna lenge,sl9o;
Belcher, $2269; Soe- H"lc. er. $»:«:. Imperial,
$140: Savag--. 02 00: Bullion, $9:25; Choilar,
$3917: Potosi. ;U56: Un on shafi. 52176: Sierra
Nevada, $6ti-t:. Alpha. 469-1; Overman, $1000;
Caledonia. $500; .Nevada M.ll. $2500; Electric
Lwbt, $suo. '- •"■:"*,-'•:
Mining assessments falling delinquent this
mmi hi amount t" $118,450, of which Nevada
mines want $82,4 0, California mines 490U0,
Arizona mines, £25,000 and an Alaskan mine
$'JOOO. ■- •
Following Are the Highest Prices Dnr
me «... Pint we-*, ■> ;■
[WrO.
Km
Alpha
Alt* >..
Andes ....'.".
Belcher
Best A Belcher..
Bullion
Caledonia
Challenge
tholiar..... . ...
ton. CaL 4 Vs..
Confidence^....
Crown Point . .
Gould & Cufry.
Hale & Norcros)
Mexican
Ophlr
Orerman
Occidental
fotosl
Sartgo
Beg. Belcher...
ctandHrii..
Blerra JNevada .
Uulon.
Liali
idUUHf Jm,'JCW..
4
Hi
11
] (
11'
HI
06
03
•JO
i!O
80
>1
is
40
94
1.60
99
-i 1
34
89
SI
73
08
10
It
S3
(14
i 1.60
I 29
30
i 06
31
71
"ii
' lie
V.bO
BOAKD SALES.
follow i were the **lei> lv the San Francisco
f tcck Eo»r<l yesterday:
KK.i-uit Htuan BKSSIOX. rOMMKVCIXO 9:30.
5o« »■,... ....06 .00 Uhalli;«...iOi3Uo Mile. 32
200 Belclier...2U 100 Court 700 occldtl.... 10
200 19 50 99i250 Ophir. 73
MM U«1i.... ..76-OJ II l-0iut....2U ,<Uj l J««SK<*..3l
Following wera ii>e tuo, in the Facliio block
yesterday:
REGULAR (SFBSIOX — 10:30.
inn Alrtix 05 MO Cbllnee. . .4('it>o3 Ophlr 72
100 Ob »50 Cbollar. ..81 HOD 70
600 Alt* 04 20U lrwnl'i..:!i!l)3Ovfmn 09
♦OOAurtM 'IV «00 Exchqr.. 0. -00 10
40U Belcher. ... 100 ...._.. ....08 300 Poioa!.. 37V»
Ml U&li 74 250 Hit> «7 dOO Savage.... a i
•200 r7H400 Julia 06.700 bcorplou..o2
SOU i. ii i in.< ii. ...I 1 .(00 Justice. ..». SOU li a :.i ...().".
200 Caled VI 100 i. Waah....ojl3J' ► »•« a»
200 CUV 3.60 100 R 02 1700 811 Hi 11 ..01
400 ...... 1.57Va •■'OO Mexican'.. 3o 150 bmrd i%
200 ..i;iJiO Occd . ...1' 40J Un10u.....i0
15) lontl ... 9t>soU 08510 Uiat0......u7
boo cor.N y^.oiiaoo ...... ....Oa9OJ i JCJU....SO
CLOSINU QUOTATIONS".
. . HATIKJAY, March 6 12 *.
j-ftt.jt**eti. .: ,' - Bl'l. I Mint,
*!!*!• r*W 05 06 iO!I» 05 06
AIUL 03 04 lusilcs.... 03 t's
Andes. 19 21) i\eniack. 01 «2
Melcner 19 20 Mexican 311 32
if.-. & linen*: 73 . -i A'evnUaQaeax 14 —
b(i.iuuCu;i., . 12 - — i>tci>lvu:al..... 08 (.'J
bullion 10 12 Ophlr:.; 70 71
Caledonia. 12 loiyvermua...... OH 00
(.Hollar 84 ■ «6 r'otost 86 :-,6
I'on.Cal&Va... 1-35 ' 1.6U ravage. 31 32
Challencr* Cox S9 4j >corpio:i ...... — 04
cm. JuiperiM. — (1 ~<'e- iselctisr. . 04 1)6
Confidence.... 96 »b -lifer i11t1.... 01 12
ion -New lfot< — M*rr;i NevA-J*. 2h 29
Lrotvn Polo"-.. 19 -laudard 1.60 1.65
Kaat»lerraM<7 — I4i>yudlc*^. .._ — -- 14
j-ureka io:i . .. — 36; Union Cuu » 29 31
Exchequer .... — - 04 turn 06 17
bouiuotCurrr. 33 24 . tun* j»v»j. 28 20
ii*..* *.^urcr». 88 ' 89 '
STOCK AND BONO EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. March 6 10:30 a. m.
UNITED STATUS BONOS.
/ tri. £ lAto. JB(X JtkeA.
V 8 48 cont>.ll2Vi - C b4«rej...lU* HO^i
LiOUe-.v issuel'J3 — - '
- . MISCKLLANKOrS BONDS.
C'»l-ltCblosn. 112 — UatcUas As.. — 304
Cal£lecL6s — 131 Load 18 65... — 11014
L'olraCW6i96 88 umniDus Us.. 1213,iiv:yjA
Cpoi-Btez-cp — S*7i>4 I' <ft OKy U«. - 113
hdMi i-Al* 6sl'-05/ s IBO V* l'«fcCli R>- 83. 100 103
KHtiillMi, - Pwl-st KR6ili3 )18
(ivarv-sc Rssl 0 103 I-.eno, \V\UtL. — in >
I! i Jiji.l'. — >nctol'itl, — 100
ho»A.nzL6i 92^100 h>*.Ni>Kst. 100*4 .m i 2
Doi.nteeU 6s 05 102 M'RKArizSi VISA 93Va
MKt-stCt)le6slaJ% _ f»PKKCoI6i. 109 1 .01/ a
DoKyCon 65.104V^106. M*HKi*ls«. — 100
Nat Vln6s Ist — iOO '-PBrKC'aiSj. Ph -
N*TC.\gK7s.lO3 106 SVW«iertt«. 11714117%
N BrCal Us. 102 — h- V\V »icr4.s. 1008/ —
.N m Ji. - 05 l^iJUniti^ui fcO^lOOia
'ATI FTOCKV
Contra Cost* S6Va <0%1-'*prn< Valley 9754 IBV4
MurluCo..... ia-' bi»/4i
••AM ASl> KLKCTRIC iTOCHI
Capital. — 3J Pactflo Llitii 49y 3 -
Central....... PBi/i, - S F G&Elec. b6»i 97
M I.i™ i.i^ir. 9 !U. 4 -jn iTiiuciL-o 2i-' 2iA
Oak U L X — :'4i-4 -,tocklou — XV
Pats I. as Imp 92i/ 3 93i/a
IXaJIIAAC* MTOCRI.
Flreman'«F<ll77Vi - I
comi»»:i*t, ha vt: *TT"CI
Anelo-Ca1.... 61 — First Notion 1 131' —
BanlcolCal..23.S^ — t.onUoni'&A.l J7% —
CaiaUil:TColu7»/4. — AlerthKx 1j —
I.NiH BANK BTO.'<l.
o<>rS<&L.Co..l3!S 1415 & 1.0»n.. 105
Humbßiill..lioJ — Security 250 — '■■ '
Mutua1....... is — UnlouTru*L.a3s —
b^SaV Union — 476 s
• . BTBKET BAII.BOAD STOCKS.
California.... 107 — , lOuiciSUfcHa/ — 101
(i.ao si 38 46 l'resldio 41/™ 9
JdWiWt-a1.... %&y 9 -4,V*
- - • '••»•" fTOCKV
Ailantlon... 16 17 |GlantCox... 3334 3S
Calllornla.... 871/4110 VljforlU — 1
Kaiternl).... 78 , - ;
VIM<ifI.I,AVEOTTI FTO"Itl.
Alaska Plcrn. 103y 3 104 NatVmco.. _ lv,
Cier Lend Co. ><■> H'U ceanlcSSCo 24 24%
HawC&SCo.. ' 16% icy Pac Aux FA - 4
Hutcli --> -4:.* -6 jPacKoraxCa — 94
MerKxAuu.. — 110 |Purr PalutUo •_-. 1
BALKS— MOBNJNQ SESSIOX.
Board— :
66 (iiant Powder Con 38 871^
I!) Hawaiian Commercial 15 HTi, 3
85 do do 18 00
SO Market-st Railway 44 CO
100 do do:b6 44 00
aO 8 V <»as & £lectrlc Co 97 00
; M.r»«" —<. -
25 Water. - «8 00
• — ♦ — »
One of the greatest diving feats ever
achieved was in moving the cargo of the
ship Cape Horn, wrecked off the coast of
South America, when an English diver
made seven descents 10 a depth. of over
200 feet, remaining at one time forty-two
rainuies underwater. An authority states
that the greatest depth to which man has
been known to descend does' not exceed
220 leet, which is equivalent to a pressure
of 88>$ pounds to me square inch. «
- - — : • — ♦ — ♦ . 'r-,'.: V
(KtA-N 81'*: ABIJEUS. y ; . j
Dates of Departure From Ssn FrancUco.
STKAMEB 1 1)B*TINATION'.
| SAILS I PIKR.
MCb 7. AAM flat 11
Mch 7. Sam , Pier 9
Mch a ipx .....;;...
Men 9.ll'am I I'ler 24
Mch 9,llAU|l'ierll
Mcb 9.l'J mi Pler'i r
Men 9 10a ii : 1-1 ar 1!
Men 9. tru Pi»r)
.McU :O.l'J II PIIBS
MvUlU.l'.' » I'ier
Men 6pm I'ler 13
I Men il. Bam t'tM i
Mch 11. Bah Plat 11
! Me li 12. Pam I'ler » -
Mcb 18.11 am Pier 11
Men U.ilAii tier il*J
-ooi ilu/.. . . i.Ncwpor J
.ValtaWaila Vie * IT. ana
Jei Nor •.. jiirays Harbor.
ii«:oot C«l. i 10ri1Kn1 ......
C0r0na...... SinUlMa..;.
ju0p1....... Uravs Harbor.
treat*...... iooj iiay
•oiiinnn.... Uumboldtßm
Bias. . . . Panama.
:znr)nn coo.i i5nv..... .
iHlanchard Oregon ports.,
Kaiallon.... V»quiih u*i .
H.iirelca Newport ......
Jmatllla.. . . I Vie & Vgl Snd
■>ani» Rosa, can D1e50.....
i.W. Elder. jlortlana ......
THK CALL CALENDAR.
March. 1897.
MO.
3
! 6 i
Sa.l
I ° i
Moon's
4
41b ■ Uew Moon.
W March 3.
11
i
12
I
13
3 Firs: Quarie
March 11.
15
16
I 17 I
18
!
19
I
■JO
23
•in
i 27
Ok Full Moon.
viz March 18.
•21
23
124
i 25
I 81
—
©Last Qua
-March
-'8
|t .J|
STKAJFiIW TO AKKIVK.
>tkamkk I . From: I DVJI
hmjurt,
Mexico
Arcata
Norrh tore. ...
I'omona
t matilla.
Ailceßlaucharil
Karalion
Karelca.
Wellington... .
Czarina
Cleone
Crescent city. ..
City Sydney....
Amarapoora....
Oeo W. Klder..
Santa Kosa
Zealand la
san Mateo
• 'oos Bay.
Queen
[Portland
j an I>ieeo
Coos Bay
>!iimoo. i h»* jii
' Hum bold t Bay
j Victoria & >'u««i souo-J
■ I'orlland
! Yaqnlna Bar
| Newport.
I Departure Bar
Coos Bay... '..,..
! Crescent City ...........
Crescent City../.....:..
i a ma
Champerico
: Portland
San i)ie,-o -
'Sydney
Comox
NewDort
Victoria* Pncet (Sound
China and JaDan
san t»le«o
ur«n Hiirno
...Men 1
..Meii '
..Men '
..Men !
...Men i
..Men i
..Men !
..Men I
..Men !
..Men :
. . M eti !
..Men H
..Men 1'
. . Men li
..Men l
Men 1
..Mchl
..Men i
. Men 1
..Mchl
..Men 1
Men 1
Mr-h 1
Feru
I'oron*.
Del Nor:»
M-, MOON ASH Tll>..
Vsirr.n ptatks «*oast ANI> nr.f>vvrtc fitbvict
TIMICT AND HKIOHTS OF HIBH AND LOW
Watkrs at Fort Point. Extra vex to.
tAN Francisco '.Hay.' Pitblishkd BY OTTI
CJAL ATTHOBITY OK THK SUrKKINTKNDKSTT.
Note— Tho high and low v.-aterj occur ai tile
City. Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
live mum later than ac Fort I'oint. me neiitii
Of tl(t» m -ii- sumo «■ boh i.!s"<»?.
M*ic!i- i»**«.
sun i.i , .uatcn i.
n rls"s 6 32 ' Moon rlaw
i'i<es .■ 8.-10;. Moon sets 9.
»i-"" me Feet
l Tlme Feet 'iL^l! Feet Tlme
ilt W ' i. w! H W|
.7 i.i*l 4.0 l 7.461 , t,.7| i. _o| M..-I 7 l!7i Za
81 1.80 4.6 8.34 0.7 3.32 30 1 KOB V.6
9 12.00 4.>> 9.2 1 * 0 6 4.46 3.' \ 9.4-0 2.7
10 2.46 4.X 10.30, OCi 0. ■-'.") 3.0 10.00 2.8
LI 3.40 4.6 11.35 0.4 7.26 11.15 iS
2' 4.44 4 6 12.84 0.3 B.la 8.1
,L WI |H \V j . L I ti U :
3 0.'22j 3.0 565 4.5 I.VBJ 0. 1 j 8.68 3.4
Sou- In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in tin
order of occurrence a? to time. The second time
column Rives tho second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to tiia
soundings on the United Htatea Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtract! v«
from the depth clven by the charts.
NOTICE 1O MAI;IXKK>.
A branch of the United States Hvdro;raphic
Office located In tha Merchants' Exchange Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners witnout regard to nationality and free of
expense. . .;■.-.
■ Navigators are . cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets ot charts an.l salltnt
directions of the world are kept on him l or cum
parson and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to oc.'aa
The timf hall on top of the building on Tele
graph Hili Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. I'iOtu meridian, by
telegraphic signal ieceived each day trom thfl
United Stales Naval Ob.-erva.ory a. Mare Island
Cat,
A notice statin? whether th« lime ball wai
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any, it
pubiisbel the same day uy th« afternoon payer*
and by the morning papers the following la*-."
W. S. Huoub.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
The Time Ball.
Branch Hydkooraphic Office, U. s. N.")
Mkuchants' EICHANdK >•
• San Francisco. MHr h5. 1897 )
The time bail on Te.es;rapn Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to- lay— i. c.. at noon of the 120tii
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. 11.. Greenwich time.
W. s. Huoites.
Lißiitenan". U. >. N.. In charge.
SHH'PIJfO I.* IKLLIGG.NC;j<:.
Arrived.
SATURDAY. March 6.
Stmr Suno\ D?ttrners, 7,4 hours from Grays
Harbor; pass and mUse, to Urari Jlurbor Commer
cial Co.
S!mr Xavnrro, Uu^ka-i. 46 hours from San
i <lro: hal an. :o Gruy it Mltcnell.
stmr iiilaiuook. Han.if n, 66 hours from Colum
bia Xlv r: lumber, to N I* S m >. <•.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes, 78 hours from
Dei arm h.iy . iibaO ions coal, to Oregon imp Co.
chip John C I'oiur. .Meyer, ay- days from De
parture Bay: 19.M) ti in co*l, to Ueo Fri eh.
.-clir Archie and Fon'.ie. Cnlstrup. 18 ho *rs from
Stewarts i'oin ; 80 cds wood. <> Gray .t Muchel 1 .
Schr Christina Steflens, Nonllinc 24 hours from
Fisks Mill: 70 cds wood, io X A Ullbnde.
Cleared.
SATURDAY. March 6.
stmr Jeanette, Newth whalin;; Hoth, Blum
Co.
Stmi Walla Walla. Wallace. Victoria and For:
Town send.
stnir Coos Bay, Hall. San Pedro; Uoodall, Per
kins & Co. ■•..■•
I a: ship Knianuel ACcarue, Gblgllone, Ant
werp; GeoW vie .Near.
Sc.r Anna, Erratt, Muhulsona; J DKpreckels &
Bros Co.
Sailed.
SATURDAY. March 6.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen Caspar.
stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendoclm.
Stmr .Navarre Dug*au Eureka.
Snip t.lury of the -"as, Freraan. Cotnox.
But i Cour nev Ford, Murcbison. I7nga.
Schr Sadie, Smith, Umpqua.
Schr Moro. Jorgenson, Coqullle River.
Telegraphic.
rotN'T LOB">3. March a -.) p. *.— Weattn
cloudy, wind \V. vi-ioci ■■ 20 uiila*.
Charter*.
Th* Br ship Evesham Abb^y loads wheat for
Cape Town, '.Os.
i he ship Oriental loads coal at Depar urj Bay
for tlila po t. ■
:;:.?'• ■ Dom««tio Port*.
PORT AXGKLHj- "ailed Mar Brship An
dora, from New Wha com. for Ciliao
NA VAKRO-Salled Mar t>— Stmr Alcazar, for
San Pedro.
COOs BAY— Arrived Mar 6— Stmr Czirlna, hce
Mar :'.
Sailed Mar 4— Behr<;o ama, lor San Francisco;
Mar b- Schr Unity Ro we. for San l-'raiicisco.
KOCK PORT— Ai rived Mar 8-Btmr scjila, hnc
Mar 4. ■
PORT ASQKLKS-In port Mar6-B. sh<p An
dora, from New VVhatcom, for Lallao; Haw bare
Diamond Head, from Port Hiakele-- for Honolulu:
Haw ship Hawaiian isles, hence Feu 14, for Van
couver.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Mar 5-Sci>r Beu
lab. lie i- 1- Fob 12
CALLAM BAY— Sailed Mar 3— «chr Wm Ren
ton, from Seattle for Newport; schr Laura Mad
sec, from Port Haii lock, for san , run. Moo; schr
J B L*eds, trora Port Blakeley, or San Pedro.
YAQUINA BAY- Arrived Mar 6— S.mr Faral
on. truoi Astoria.
TACOMA— Arrived Mar 6-Scnr Peerless, hnce
Feb IV. ■
£on BRAGG— Sailed Mar 6-Btmr Lajuua. for
San Francisco.
RKDONDO-Salled Mar 6— stmr Westport, for
San FraiK-lsco. - i^-
• A v- . Mar 6— Stmr Geo \V Elder, hence Mar 4.
BOWES* LANDING— ArrIvcJ Mar «— »chr
Newark, hence Mar 5.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 6-Sclir Challenger.
hence Feb lti.
TACO.MA— Arrived Mar - Baric Gatherer, hce
Feb 18: sfhr Letitia. hence Feb 10.
VENTURA — Arrtvwt Mar 6-Schr Fanny Du
tarJ, troiu Port Blake!
I <>ri- i(^n Port*.
BRISBANE-Arrived Mar 5-Br ship Andro
meda, hrnce Jan 1.
HAM.BURG -Arrived Mar Br ship Andrada.
from Oregon; Br baric Cup from Oteson.
HONGKONG— Arrived Mar 4— Ur simr Gaelic,
benreFeb2.
1 KIN*. ROAD- Arrived Mar 4-Ital baric E»em
plara. hence Oct *£. ■ :
SYDNEY — Arrived Mar 4-Brstnr Monowal.
hence Feb 5; 1 rstmr Warrlmoo, from VI torla:
prior to March 6— Bktn V C unk, from EnreKa.
• YOKOHAMA— Arrived Mar 4— Stmr City of
P-Kinsr, h -men Feb 13.
S • FALMOUTH— B -!eJ MaT 6— Br ship Lord
Sbaftt-sbury, or Fleet wood ; Ger baric Artemis, lor
Ipsw«-h. '
QUEENSTOWN-salleflMar 5-Br ship Sierra
Jistre.la, fur Dublin.
PORTLAND BILL-Passed Mar s— Br ship
Cawdor, henot> Oci 10, for Queenstoivn. ' '
'.' '■ . '■; " Ini]>nrtaM»n!i. -i
CO9MOPOLI-— Pt Suno'.-330 M ft lumber, 112
bills green hides, IB pk s mUse, 1 csclgarj.
Aberdeen — 3 i>kcs m>l»e. •' • ■ - ■ ■■
. Hoqulaai-44 bdls green hides. • ;f -.- . ■* - . ■
PORTLAND— Per late of California— 649 nks
onions. 2101 Bks potatoes, IJ6* sics -6* qr-skß 800
hf-»K< flour, 156 »Us wheat, iks oats, 874 buss
sulphur, &81 sks bone meal. 78) hides, 2247 bdls
paper, 144«1cs woo!. f
• • ; ;.-,';J Conxion en<.
- r*er Suhol— Grays Harbor Commercial Co: The
r.uaer Pub Co; Blsslnger A Co; Jesse Moore
& Co; Lane & conno.ly: Letiormand Bros
Per »tate of California- Alaska Packers' Assn;
II Dutard: J H Cain <& Co; J.ialton i;nn, Oregon
Fruit and dues Co: A Galll Fruit Co: J \cijer
i Co: Thorn l.o;i t>-a .; McDonouf hA. Ranyoa:
Willamette Pulp & Paper Co; A Levy & Co: Clias
Jac it.son & Co: • C J Lt-ist <t Co: • 8 H Frank & CO:
N Ohlaudt <fc Co; W j Munar; Wolf <& >v i. i rown
Paper Co: Morgan Oyster C-m. !■' Hilltns & Co; D J
Hussell : M E A Wagner: 0 J Leist & Co: Jo its
A Co; Willamette Pulp & Paper Co; J P Thomas;
Edward Wand. ' . ,
Shippers and
Buyers^ Guide,
THE CALL endorses and
recommends - as . thoroughly
reliable the Commission Mer-
chants appearing in this
column.
D. E. ALLISON & CO.,
General Commission Merchants.
Green and Dried Fruits, Grain, Potatoes, Bean*
Produce, Woo', etc.
501-509 Front St., S F.
JOHN OEMARTINI & CO.,
Wholesale - Dealers in Foreign and Domestic
. , Fruits, Nuts. Produce, etc.
315-317 Washington Street, S. F.
EVELETH & NASH,
Wholesale Dealers in Foreign and Domestic
Fruits. Nuts, Produce, etc.
422 Front Street. S. F.
GRAY & BARBIERI.
Green an.l Dried I'ruiti, Nuts. Poultry, Eggs.
;. . , i Butter, Game, Potatoes and £euns.
305-309 Washington street, S. F.
MINAKER & WELBANKS
Wholesale Dealers la California and Oregon Fruit
' ana Pro .luce. Eggs, Poultry, etc.
,501-503 Saasome Street, S. F. ■ ■
NASH & BOESSENECKER,
Wholesale Dealers in Foreign and Domestic
Fruits; Nuts, Produce, Poultry, Eggs, etc.
311-313 Washington St., 3, F. — -
L. SCATENA & CO.,
Pole aeent for the Southern California Fruit Ex-
change; dealer in Green and Dried Fruits, etc.
104-1 Washington st.
Branch— l 6-32 Washington Street.
TROBOCK & BERGEN,
Commission Merchant)).
Wholesale Dealers in Fruit* and Produce.
504-506 Sansonii. Street, H. F.
B. G. RUHL & CO.,
General Produce and Commission Merchants.
Poultry and Game a Specialty.
206-208-ilO Wa*hin?t >n Street.
bank; AND BANKERS.
JUDICIOUS INVESTMENTS
in STOCKS, BONDS or GRAIN are
1000 PER CENT.
more profitable than in other channels.
OUR SYNDICATE PLAN OF SPECULATION
affords large and small investors the dual advan-
tnges of surety and mou satisfactory return* on
sums 01 $25 to $1000. Piospectus and Market
Letter mulled free.
SETTLEMENTS SEVTI - MONTHLY.
DeWOLF & CO., Bankers & Brokers,
Bank References. SO Broadway, is. Y. City.
$5 PROFIT °%SS S- SI OO
PAID TO OUR CLIKKTS DUIUNG TllK
pa-it week. Checks for profit* toirether with
statement mailed each Saturday. Under our Sys-
tem of syndicate ulmlon, we have been able
to pay from sto 8 per cent weekly. Pamphlets
explaining our method* mailed free on application.
BAH. KELLER A CO.,
BANKERS AND BROKERS,
j Established 1887. 44 Broadway, New York.
I
OCEAN TRAVEL.
fHEßMilllfl S.*- AUSTRALIA for
iSSMwiE " "- ' <> L r LU only.
*S * Tuesday. M re 1 23,
M"™ a: •-• 1: m. Special party
I'a^/l • \ rates.
G)iulllDlll^ c ' galls via HONOLULU
/RlTlFlTißLUand AUCKLAND for
VOiil|o(]itfcp SYDNEY, iliursday.
.;■>. -.-T.: ; ' ' \ • ril 1. at 2 p. m. v .
tine toCOOLO ARDIE, Aust.,and CAPKTOWX,
Eoulh Africa.
• ' J. V. SPKKCKKLS & JIKOS. CO.. Aifent*
114 Montgomery stress.
Freight Office, 327 Market at.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST_JTEAMSIIIP co.
STEAMERS LEAVE BHOADWAV
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: <5ftHW
For Man- Island, J.orliij;. AVranKel. Juneau, Kll-
iisiico and Sltka (Alaska), at 9 A. m. March 1-',
17, SSL 27.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anncortes and
New W atcom (Bellln«ham Bay. Wnsh.). 9a. m.
Mar 2, 7. 12. 17, 523, 'J.l ami every fifth day there-
after, connect at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
H., atTat-oma with N. P. R. IX., at Seattle with O.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For I'.ureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum*
■ boldtßar). Rtr. Pomona '2 p. m., March 1. ft, 9, 18,
17. SI, 25, 29 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayuco%
Port Harford <san 1 uls Oblspo), Ueviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, tan Pedro, Kast San
Pedro (Los Angeles') and Newport, at 9 a. K.
Mar h 8, 7, 11, 15, 19, '23. 27, 81 and every fourth
day thereafter. . .
For sun Diesro. stopping only at ' Port Hariorl
(San Luis Obiapo), .-anta Barbara, Fore Los An-
re es. Itedondo (1 os Angeles) and Newport, 11
"a.m. Men. 1, 5. 9, 13, 17, al, -.'5, 29 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Par and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A- K. 25th of each month.
J he Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamer*, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
OOODALL, PERKINS CO., Gen'l Agents.
. 10 MarKet m:.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street. Wharf, at 10 a. m. >•
Fa ■pTT< f»l2 Klr«t-ela«» 1 Including
J\ IXHj \ S«> $Mond-cI»M / berth & meals
SCUUDULK OF SAILINGS: - -
State of California Feb. 27. Mar. 9, 19, 29
Columbia Mar 4, 14, .'4
- Througu tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and toiuerd upon applies
tion to -'r- 'V;-V-
-. =. X ' F. F. CONNOR. Gensral Agent,
630 Marke: street. -
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. superintendent
coaPAGiiE tr us itl.u
; French Line to Havre. '■■ }
/COMPANY'S* PIER(NE NORTH ML
\J River, foot of Morion st. Travelers by -<RKr)^
this line avoid both transit by English railway ani
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. .New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, viaParU
first class * 160. second class $116.
LA 8RETAGNR....... ...... ....March 13. 8 v *.
LA NORMAN' DIE Msrcn "0, 8 a.*
LA CHAMPAGNE March 27, 5 a.m.
i, A 'IoIBALSr. April*, 6*• *.
LA ERKTAGNE..... .......... April 10. ' «A,J€
jn* For further particulars apply to -
A. FORGET. A (rent,
■*:--:: No. 3. Bowling Green, New York.
3. F. FCGAZI A CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Fiancisrq . ■ : -.■■■•
STOCKTOJ STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington st«
At 6 P. M. Daily. Jt'reijfUt received tip
to .::«.» V. 11. t
to- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
•Ihe oulv imf HiUoi through tickets and giving
through freight rate* to all poln.» oj Xtdlej
KaUroa^ . STEAMERS!
T C Walker. J- D - Peter*,- : ,
MaryGarratt. City of Stockton.
leiepboue Main 80S. Cat, Nay. it'U lmpu Ca
FOK'TALLEJO-'-AID.U. S. -lATT-T.481L
STKAMKR ••MONTICKJLLO."
Dally ex. Saturday & Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 p. c
!-a;urda>s ....«.:.. ......»10:30 a. St. IF.*
Sundays 8 P. Mb
Landing Misslon-stree- Dock, Pier X
i-'iuy* phone Black ML
•Trip elves *> hours i;op>; Navy- Yard •■..• •,
FOR SAJ JOSE, IOSGATOS&skn CRUZ
STKAMEU ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILY
O (batuiday c a dried) at. 10 a. m. . • Alviso aa:l.-
(Saturdny. oi' epted) a: 1 p. .m. ■ Freight and
Passenger. Fare between ■■ Sun : Francisco and
Alvi.so, 50c; to San Jose, 73c. Clay su, Pie* A.
•M \V. baata Clara si., £>uu Jute. ■ . _
■'■■■■ - . " ■ '
2930
MAY S.MPLIFY
THE MONEY TANGLE
Result of the Important
Monetary Conference at
Indianapolis.
Agreement Upon a Standard and
the Issuance of One Sound
Paper Currency.
Executive Committeeman John P. Irish
Explains tue Proposed Check on
Congestion of Capital.
The following interesting facts regard
ing the recent monetary conference in
Indianapolis were gathered from John P.
Irish, the local delegate, and who was also
appointed a member from California of
tue executive committee:
"The monetary conference held in Indi
anapolis on January 12 last was composed
of delegates from forty States, met to con
fer upon means of bring. ng sharply to the
attention of Congress the need of currency I
reform and the introduction into our
financial systf m of stronger elements of
stability and flexibility.
"The conierence agreed upon the stand
ard of values, upon the necessity of taking
the treasury out of the banking business
:ind of reducing our six or seven form? of !
paper currency to one, National in its
origin and character, based upon the same
general principles as the present National
bank note.
'•The issue of such a currency, it was
agreed, must be under guarantees as sound
as the foundation of the National bank
note?, but under a banking system which
will promote its circulation instead of its
retiremenr, as now.
"This system, it was agreed, must be
framed to DUt the surplus capital — the
loan iund of the country — where credit
can acquire its U:e in the field of produc
tion in the South and West, aa well as in
the manufacturing and mercantile centers
of the East. The present tendency to
congest capital in the centers, whence its
flow to aid agriculture and transportation
in the wheat, corn, cotton, tobacco and
fruit growing field is sIUL-gisli and costly,
was regarded as tne odium of the Na
tional banking system, which requires at
tention.
"To project its organized force into the
settlement of tt.e problem the conference
ordered its president, Hon. C. Stuart .Pat- j
terson of Philadelphia, to appoint an ex- j
ecutive committee, which is to urge Con
gress at the extra session to authorize the
President of the United States to appoint
a commission, non-partisan in its charac
ter and representing production, manu- j
facture, commerce and banking, to exam
ine the whole currency problem and
report to Congress a solution in the form
of a bill.
"Immediately following the favorable
expression in President McKinley's in
augural, Mr. Patterson has announced
the following executive committee to
represent the conference: H. H. Hannn, j
Indiana (chairrann); M. L. Crawiord, i
Texas; W. B. Dean, Minnesota; J. W. ;
Fries, North Carolina; J. F. Hansen, j
Georgia; C. C. Harrison, Pennsylvania; !
Rowland Hazard, Rhode Island; John P.
Irish, California; H. H. Kohlsaat, Illi
nois; J. J. Mitchell, Illinois; Alexander
E. Orr. New York; George Forta Pea
bodv, New York; T. C. Power. Montana;
E. O. Stsnard, Missouri; A. E. Willson,
Kentucky.
"These* gentlemen will present tne sub
ject to Congress tuis month, and there is
no doubt that wise and speedy action will
be taKen. The State Association of
Bankers meets shortly in Los Angeles,
and will probably express itself upon this
subject."
ACTING SUSPICIOUSLY.
Two Ex- Convicts and Another Young
Man Arrested With Burglars'
Tools on Them.
Four young men were seen by Police
man David Murphy to be acting in a sus
picious mannerat the north end of Gqugh
Btreet Friday afternoon-. As he approached
them three of them ran away. Murphy
searched the one that remained, but found
nothing incriminating in his possession.
He proved to be James Dacey, an ex-con
vict.
While Murphy was searching Dacey two
of the trio that ran away returned. Mur
phy insisted upon searching them and
iound a lot of skeleton keys on one of
them, he allowed Dacey to go, but took
the other two to the City Prison, where
the one that had the skeleton keys was
recognized as Frank Howard, an ex-con
vict. The oiher pave his name as John
Burns, but the police do not know him.
Murphy thought he saw Burns throw
something away, and he returned to
Gough street and found an iron bar, a
'jimmy" and a picklock.
Dacey was arrested yesterday by De
tectives Gibson and Wren, as the police
believe that he and the others have com
mitted several daylight burglaries in the
Western Addition and North Beach. Un
less some evidence can be procured against
them Howard will be charged with hav
ing burglars' tools in his possession and
Dacey and Burns with vagrancy.
LOUIS GOSCH'S DEATH.
William Brugge Arraigned in Judge
Lov'i Court.
William Brugge was arraigned in Judce
Low's court yesterday morning for the
murder of Louis Gosch in a saloon at Fre
mont-street wharf Friday afternoon. The
case was continued till Friday next, pend
ing the result of the Coroner's inquest.
It is the intention of the Police Depart
ment to revoke the license of the pro
prietor of the Martin Mine saloon on
Pacific and Front streets for the part he
took in endeavoring to defeat justice by
attempting to assist Brugge to escape.
Lecture by Judge Morrow.
On Thursday evening, March 11, Hon. W. W.
Morrow, United Slates District Judge, will de
liver a lecture on "The Federal Gov< rument,"
under the auspices of Columbia Council No.
55, Young Men's Institute, at Metropolitan
Hall. The subject matter will be illustrated
by a series of stereopticon views of the city of
Washington. This is one of the course of fr^e
lectures arranged by the Central Lecture Bu
reau of the Young Men's Institute. The sub
ject promises to be very interesting, as Judge
Morrow spent many years in the Natiorml
cat'itai while represeniing this City in Con
gress. A limited number of tickets may be
had upon application to George A. Stanley,
grand secretary, or to Edward J. Coffey, sec
retary Central Lecture Bureau, room 424.
Parrott building.
Baseball at Presidio.
Weather permitting the Will & Flncks and
the United States Regular baseball teams will
line up at 2 o'clock this afternoon on the
Presidio athletic grounds. The make-up is as
follows:
Will & Flncks. Portions, U. 8. Regulars.
Peter* Catcher ..........Noyes
. KnsHell.. .....Pitcher... .Whee'er
Leonard First base ......Kelly
Wilson ■ Second base.. ...... .Cameron
,'Jllson ...........Third base Little
*mitb ............. ....Shortstop .. Fry
Mccarty Left Held Harris
Hearty Center field Meyers
Williams .....Right Held ..........ui'lson j
Jewklky store, 6-7 Third, removed to 303
Keariy. Large stock of diamonds, watches, etc.
HALE BROS.
)°^-'-_ ; ' - / . - '■' . "'■..■■-■••-.•" '. ; .-'.■--■-•..■ - • • - ....... -':,-. ■
|)O I—^ .— ST^ W"^k W^^ "W 1^ ' ▼ ' ■ ..... . — i^ ' ;*'*■. _ ' I "~"
% EXTRA! : . ygf rr ** > *%. i^J XT *^ 1i i V_J- 'iwin *' •■J.Cs.\3^7#'^ /^N/t
? COpr'IAI C! £ f^^^vySi 937-945 MARKET STREET. ijT^fi ' \ ~~7
BUCK inu» J ' X wej!ve he wo%vT^'iv- 1 5° G %J>' jfi/ / ''™?r^ / ™fi^^ ''': ' ! f T^\ ' i ~3§b*r^ A
sq CHILD'S or white, eai broidery trim- kjee f^ vßiC^aMl^v q/
C ! Special * y .... Each O ** :". = .•.• 3
I VERY SPECIAL! STORE ITEHS FROH THE HOflE OF LOW PRICES 1
p COTTON DIAPER CLOTH on special sale, fine G , v READ THESE BITS OF NEWS TO-DAY. MANY THINGS HERETO INTEREST YOU. BABIES' FURNISH- 3
qi !,* ll i t^ h This week's prices- b INGS, NEW SILKS AND DRESS GOODS. NEW WRAPPERS AND HOSIERY-BRIGHT SPECIALS.' 3
p 2i-inch::::::::::::::::::::::::::55cpiece \z r &M> ask OUR iHOUSANDS OF customers why WE ARE FRISCO'S BUSIEST STORE. . ,>;■ 5
)o (10 yards In apiece.) C^JLSUIJLJIAJLJLJULJUIIUUUL^
I new^bons. ALL THESE THINGS FOR BABY.
P ALL-SILK SATIN AND GRO GRAIN CC • /cCC nun \\riK,r\n\\r mcni .«„ '
p KIBBON-')iie inch wide, desirable 0 (SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY).
j° colors. Hale's Price..... Yard <XX>oOOoO<><><>O<><K><><>Oo<^^
• "SSSS .I*SS? 'Jg BABY BONNETS. BABY SLIPS. BABY DRESSES.
6 PLAID TAFFETA KIBBON-Black and .39° BABY BONNETS, fine India sllU, all-over em- 35° BABY SLIPS. Cambric Slips, ruffle trimmed neck 25° BA ?nH^'r«?f°fnTp^?M^?7n Fl^f a ? 1 } ) i rl ? ' llsht 5fl c
K> white plaids, new, 5 inch. Jlale's OU broidered crowu, fnll lnce ruche. Hale's price. *JO and cuffs, -full sleeves. Hale'sprice ZD lE.™] t, m h y) ' i Sf w 1
no 1 ' rlce yard • • :• Each V- Each embrotdered trimmed neck and cuffs. Hale's Each
U ALL-SILK TAFFETA— PIain and changeable, BABY BONNETS, fine India silk, elaborately em- AAC BABY SLIPS, fine white nainsook, embroidered mC BABIES' SHORT DRKmsks— White Nainsook, rrc
\g 'assorted colors: bioidered crown, 'lace ruche with ribbon, lace *±U . trimmed neck, yoke and cuffs, full sleeves. t)U tucked ana embroidery trimmed yoke, full 10 '
£ No. 40 (3i/iinch) 15c yard rosette on top, dainty. Kale's price Each j Hale sprlce... Each sleeves; a dainty little affair. Hale's price.... Each
£ ilSSSiS^ll^ , PIQT7E BONNETS ARE THE RAGE NOW. ' ALL WE LACK FOR A BABY SHOW IS THE BABIKS. HALE ' PRICES " AJ^NoFjO BE DUPLICATED. j
g FANCY bCOTCH .PI AID RIBBONS-New color- . . BABIES' SHORT DRES-SES-Fioe White Nain-
i£> 1U v S « .M/ot* ■ w? : «- . BABY BONNETS, fine pique, embroidery an-1 In- Rahv SLIPS fine whitp nainsook turndown col- r- c sook. tucked and open embroidery trimmed DEC ;
'£ No 60 b? 1 33c Sard er !lO n trimmed crown, lace ana embroidery rrr C BA f.V Ambroid tr'mmed fuU sTcVel with To° yoke full sleeves; a typical -Hale va.ue." 80°
E 21^, inch -i.-.c- v.i i-.i >™ embroidered lawn, deep ruffle on front andtjpl sleeves. Hale'sprice SS 85° ernoroiaery rumea >oife, full sleeves. Hales <C'— - '
!g 3^l mch::. :::::::::v.:.:.'::::^5c yard cape - y "* p™ 11 ?- Ha!e>s^ r:ce a «ca __ prlce Each,;
U 4 i.ch... 45c yard WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF INFANTS' GOODS. (THESE DRESSES ARE ALL PURE WHITE.)
C * 3 <i *?<* 500 y»r.l A BONNET HERE FOR EVERY BONNET WANTER. "* ***** A V A i «* Aalß »"«"* BABIES' SHORT DRE,«E.S. made of superior
)o oiucn 70c yard „„„.--,„„ _ ».„ : BABY SLIPS, superior white nainsook, imitation naiusoo'c. imitation hemstitched bottom, imita-
"o pi.iv: f.BnsrpiT\ : 7vnMfii O i i ' ~> »OTi., CHILDREN ■» BONNETS, • very handsome. afti.sO hemstitchpd bottom, tucked and embroider -d fflj 1 .00 . tion hemstitched anil tucked \oke. with m- #1 .25
Jo L u,^^ v? GR . AI:s AND MOIRE TAFFETA Pique Poke Bonnet trimmed with embroidery «JP 1 trlmmea yoke, small turndown embroidery tj) J . broidery ruffle around embroidery trimmed •© 1— _
P RIBBONS— pure silk, desirable color*: lusertioo ruffle on front and cape. Hale's price. Each collar and turn back cuffs. Hale's price... Each full sleeves. Hale's price Each
» .No. 5 (1 men) 7Vacyard * ■ •=■«."
p No. 12 (2 inch) Isc yard ——————_—_________ , — ■ — — — —
p No. 3 6 (ViVa inch) Iwe yarn ' " ' ! ~~ — ; : — ; — —
p Sa^^inchfeA^lscyard TAM O'SHANTER no. i. tarn O'SHANTER no. ii. j TAM o'shanter no. 111. i TAM O'SHANTER NO. iv.
p No. HO (4 i .eh) 3l)cy.*rv •'.■*:■;■■■<■: - . - :.. . : i: '
U No. 8J (4% inch) 40c yard WASHABLE TAM O'BHANTER<». the latest CHILDREN'S TAM O'SHANTERS, navy SAILOR TAM O'SIIANTERS, red and LEATHER TAM O'SHANTERS, brown leather
p — — thing out: pure white duck, trimmed with blue cloth, trimmed with while cord; navy blue iloth, trimmed with black; crown, cloth brim: a jaunty little affair
C SEE OUR RIBBON WINDOW. blue; very pretty for children. Price Just the thing for shool. Price very pretty for children. Price Price
jj_ _____ 25c Each. 25c Each. 40c Each. 50c Each.
| NEW WRAPPERS. c // </? /^7) r // r /? \<2) // /? S2> (if /? /7?
\ O.R SPRING L^F WRAPPERS now C^^^^c/. o^7(2^6^3^ O^^X^S^ CyfOZ^mrJ.
S P^rcai" We U hal n e S n:ale O s P e A al e^tsTo'pieale / [INCORPORATED] , / (INCORPORATED] / [INCORPORATED] / [INCORPORATED] .
t S^SS^m'S.pF^^mT^^.SiSi 937-945 Market Street, 937-945 Market St., I 937-945 Market St., 937-945 Market Street,
•£ each> SAN FRANCISCO. . • SAN FRANCISCO. * I SAN FRANCISCO. I SAX FIiANCISCO.
FROM GREATER NEW YORK
Budget of Interesting NeWs and Qossip
About the California Golony in the
Eastern Metropolis
|t<ff;|EW YORK, N. V., March 1.-War!
l\| <war ! war! is the watchword, catch
m^in^l word and byword of every man,
woman and child in this great cosmopolis.
War with Spain on account of the
dastardly insults and brutal treatment
oar own citizens have buffered at the
hands of Spanish officials in the bleeding
and dying isle of Cu.ba.
War against the ring of bloated monopo
lists and promoters of "trusts."
War against the rich man, his wife and
children, and even his sisters and his
cousins and his aunts.
War against the poor folks, who shiver
in their rags and bee for work until neces
sity and hunger drive them to stealing
and killing. The poor are always sure of
one shelter, one little space of repose, and
when pride is lost in the dizzy twain, the
ptison cell looks from afar, like a fairy
palace tilled with enchanted beings. A
policeman seems like one of the good genii,
and nis rough grasp seems to the starving
wretch like the gentle guiding hand of an
angel. Oh, the poor of great cities are as
the lean rats in the haunted castles of the
Rhine! Pity them!
War has broken out among the noble
ministers of the holy gospel, and like a
lot of magpies they are arguing and de
bating such "weighty" (?) subjects as
Jonah's restful days inside the narrow
stomach of a whale. As a whale's throat
is remarkably small some of the blushing
wiseacres declare that it was a shark's
stomach in which Jonah bo peacefully
reposed until said shark was harpooned
(or something like that) and Jonah was
permitted to step out upon the sandy
beach and return to his friends and
kindred. A number of sober-browed
clergymen have boidly stepped forward
and called the whole story a bad little
naughty "white lie." But what's the use?
Perhaps Jonah — well, it's a deep subject,
and my plummet will not serve to fathom
the dense depths.
Then there is a war begun against the
laws of marriage. Some poor deluded
legislator, yearning for popular notoriety,
has introduced a bill in the New York
Legislature making it necessary for a
prospective bridegroom to make formal
application at the clerk's office several
days before the marriage license is
granted. Think of a couple of hearts
throbbing and bursting with love having
to wait days before the marriage cere
mony can be legally performed! Mar
riage should be encouraged, not dis
couraged. Many a young couple would
run out and be married and live happy
ever after if it were not the custom to
have gay wedding bells and fruk-caKe and
old shoes filled with rice, and a lot of use
less articles called a trousseau and the
"bless-you-my-children" ceremony to
wade through. Let the young folks
marry when they please, how they please
and wherever they please. Tne world
needs more marriages. The welfare of
this great land depends upon the legal
union of true lovers and gentle sweet
hearts Discourage these comfortable
"bachelor clubs," frown on the "asso
ciated leagues of bachelor - maids and
widows" and make those mateless ones
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 7, 1897.
HALE BROS
yearn for homes and families. That's the
way to do it! Who will start the move
ment?
Californians are proverbially clannish,
and as our own little Edna Wallis Hopper
is a general New York favorite we are
naturally very proud of her and her re
markable advancement in the theatrical
and comic opera world. At present she
and her tall husband, De Wolf Hopper,
are playing Sousa's "El Capitan" at the
Broadway.
True to his principles as a native of the
sunny coast Louis Sonnikson, the genial
and popular merchant o'. San Jose, invited
a half dozen Californians to attend trie
performance of "El Capitan" last Wednes
day evening. It was a stag theater party
and the happiest little group to be found
in town that night. Perhaps pretty Edna
did not Know it, but six big hearts beat a
tat-too of greeting to her and six pairs of
honest hands were about blistered from
applauding every little song she piped and
every little dance step she made. Oh,
they were a jolly crowd, not noisy, mind
you, but so happy and Californiaesque.
Of course, a supper at the Imperial fol
lowed, and there were memories to recall
and stories to relate and appropriate
toasts to offer; until the hands of the big
clock across the way suggested that morn
ing was growing old. They hurried out
into the frosty air, and after many hand
shakes and adieus to their host, Mr. Son
nikson, who was to start homeward th«
next evening, they parted, softly hum
ming: "Viva la, viva la, viva l'amour,
viva la companie."
These merry young men were Leonard
Robinson of Robinson Bros. & Co., San
Francisco; Joe L. Dlnkelspielof San Fran
cisco, Lawrence Archer, son of Judge
Lawrence Archer of San Jose; David M.
Foltz, the New York representative for
The Call, and C, H. Gray of Cluett, Coon
& Co., San Francisco.
On Friday afternoon the Professional
Woman's League gave their fourth annual
reception in the grand ballroom of the
Waldorf Hotel. It was a great success
and one of the most brilliant gatherings of
the season. Every one of note in the
world of music, art and letters was
present.
The little Los Angeles nightingale, Miss
Ethel Irene Stewart, sang two beautiful
songs, which were received most enthusi
astically. Yon Biene, the celebrated cel
loist, listened attentively, and afterwards
remarked to a friend: "It is amazing to
bear such a marvelous voice come from
such a baby faca. 1 '
Miss Stewart'deplores her youthful face —
but it is a charm to be proud of.
Tall, stately and rich-voiced Olive
Oliver, another talented Caiiiornian, took
part in a little skit which bad been pre
pared by Miss Mary Shaw, entitled "The
First "Woman's Jury." It was rather
rough on the brainy women of to-day, for
it made twelve jury women act like a lot
of silly schoolgirls. However, it accom
plished the desired purpose, for every one
laughed and enjoyed it aud declared it
"just like a lot of women."
Poor women !
Mrs. Frank Leslie, looking very hand
HALE BROS
some and well gowned, was at the recep
tion.
Mrs. A. M. Palmer, president of the
leaeue, cave a most interestinir and digni
fied address, which met wita many con
gratulations.
Among the crush were such well-known
people as Lillian Ilussell, glowing with
health and beauty; Mrs. Julia Marlowe
Tuber and her husband, Kobert Taber,
both looking very much alike with their
dimpled chins and high white foreheads.
Then there was dear old Mr?. John Drew,
who is looking in the best of healih, and
who. by the way, delivered her lines in
the "First Jury of Women" farce with all
the vim and spirit of Mrs. Malaprop's
da vs.
Joe Holland, Henry Miller, Viols Allen
and Daniel Frohman moved about in the
throng exchanging pleasantries with
friends, and pretty Nanette Comstock, our
talented San Franciscan, looked very
plump and happy as she stood with her
whiie-hnired husband, the distinguished
looking Frank Burbeck.
Altogether the league reception may be
considered the most successful ever given
before by any woman's club in New York.
W. H. Wright of San Jose left for the
West on Thursday, anticipating a short
stay in Chicago en route.
Athole Mcßean arrived Saturday and is
stopping at the Continental.
Miss Gertrude Rutledge is at the St.
Cloud.
Apropos, they have a way of pronounc
ing St. Cloud in New York which defies
description, for 'tis neither French, Irish
nor English. The other evening a young
Westerner jumped into a hansom and
said, "Drive me to the Saint Cloud." The
cabby looked very wise, and answered,
"You mean the 'Sang Clew,' don't you,
sir?" "No; I mean the St. Cloud; drive
ahead," said the Westerner. "Well," an
swered the suDerior cabby, "I'll drive you
around to the 'Sang Clew.' sir, and if that
isn't the place you mean I'll go to the
place you say, sir."
N. Wines of San Francisco reached the
city Siturday morning, and is registered
at the Hotel Continental.
Al' L. Flickinger, the successful fruit
packer of San Jose, arrived in town Friday
night. He declares that the demand for
California canned and dried fruits are in
greater demand this year than ever be
fore. This must be welcome intelligence
to the fruit-growers throughout the State.
M. L. Stone, who is attending the busi
ness department of "Adolphe's" on Fifth
avenue, it not particularly enthusiastic
over the Eastern climate. He says the
"weather is good enough, but the climate
is not all it might be." Mr. Stone is liv
ing at the Hotel Vendome.
Dr. Ernest W. Auzal, who was so promi
nent for several years in the army and
navy circles of San Francisco, has been
meeting with great success as a specialist
on nervous diseases ever since he left the
navy, two years ago, and took up his resi
dence in New York. Dr. AuzaJ has lately
taken new and handsome apartments at
51 West Fiftieth street. He has been
elected a member of the New York
Neurological Society.
Mrs. Charles Winthrop of Oakland, with
her two daughters, is visiting friends out
near the Park. They will return home
before Easter.
I. George Mooser, who but recently re
turned from an enjoyable visit to Califor
nia, says that if the United States Govern
ment proclaims war against Spain, he will
enlist as a soldier and fight for the cause
of right and justice. He longs to die
bravely or Jive as a hero.
Mrs. Winnifred Black, the gifted and
popular 'Annie Laurie," has been very ill
during the past month, and was obliged to
HALE BROS
go to the Bermudas for health and rest. The
warm, balmy climato of the southern
islands has aided in restoring her health
to a remarkable degree, and letters from
her give the news of her return to New
York during the coming week. She and
Mr. Black are planning to return to Cali
fornia in the near future.
Long ere this letter reaches Its destina
tion Me Km ley will have received the power
of office. What will his term mean to the
millions of loyal men and women in these
United States? It seems like reading the
history of the Chaideans and Egyptians
when one looks ahead four years and real
izes that McKinley will step down and out
of the White House on March 3, 1901 A.D.
Won't it seem odd to write 1901 A.D.?
Tkella Foltz Toland.
34 Park Row.
HEE SON IS MISSING.
Mi «. M. A. Harding of London Thinks
Ho Ha» Been Murdered by Butler.
Mr 3. M. A. Harding of 19 Knatchbull
road, Camberwell, London, C. E., has
written 10 United States Commissioner
Heacock stating that she fears Butler, the
Australian murderer, has made away with
her son.
She states that her son went to Aus
tralia about ten years ago, and up to 1891
wrote home repularly. His last letter
mentioned the fact that he was going on
a prospecting tour with three other per
sons, and the mother fears that he may
have fallen in with Butler. This is un
. likely, as Butler was In this City in 1891.
Since he left home young Harding uas
fallen heir to a por'.ion of his father's es
tate and is being searched for by his rela
tives.
KKW TO-PAT.
*••••*••••*•••*•••*•••****
I What Makes !
! A Home Cosy? j
■¥■ A ODD PIECES— *
"* JU^fS?^^- TASTY YET INEX- *
* J\_^^j^ PENSIVE — LIKE *
{ JpW jjftjjfjffi' COBBLER *
t tBHInF rocker ■• *
J Also Handsome Quarter-sawed Oak LI- 5
r orary Table.... ' .....; ...... 93.50 X
X SivlUh Brass- Mounted Enamele<! I>
J; 8ed..,....; ........;....;......;. £5 85 Jr
j J 4-Koom Outfit, complete Parlor, "liin- ' *
j■% ing room. Bedroom, Kitchen. :... 975.00 *
J •• ■ aST Visit Our Carpet Department. *
J . Cash or tasy Payment!— City or Country. *
{ M. FRIEDMAN & CO. J
■¥ (Occupying 7 Immense floors), , Jf
5 233 235-237 POST STREET J
{(Near Stockton), jl.
* 130-132-134 10&T0I STREET. *
« OPEN EVENINGS. J
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness, bore
Throat, -Ii onchitls. Congestions ; and * Inflamma-
tions. 50c per bottle, sold by druggists.
| HALE BROS I
H^/j Parents cannot afford <iKs&
£ #iy to take any chances (/■«
VY with their children's **%'
. \ eyesight. Eyes that \/\
Itt are failing or are be- J i
\ coming :. troublesome \T\
~^\ should be examined at \\
"^J once. Our . opticians V i
have made a special {A
[JOl\j study of children's If
fig eyes. We guarantee W
W all their work. ■ Jk^
Wjff; A.NOBDMAN. .LKOBBJCAN (hPs
STANDARD OPTICAL CO., '
217 Kearny Street, S. P.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST3.-.RB.
modeled and renovated. KINU, WARD A OCX
European plan. Rooms 60c to 91 60 per day, $t
to $H per week, $8 to S3O per montn: free "at at.
hot and cold water every room; an grat«t . i
every room; elevator iuoj aiinisnt.
A wholesale paper dealer in New York City relates that his first expe-
rience with Rlpans Tabules began iS months ago. Prior to that he could
not recall a time when he was not troubled with constipation. iNothing
gave more than temporary relief ; but, since taking
Ripans Tabules
nobody has had more perfect digestive organs than he. The bowels
perform their functions with regularity ; there is no distress after eating,
no headache, no heartburn, no dizziness— nothing of a dyspeptic nature.
The same gentleman also relates that " if he occasianally stays a little too
kte at the club and meets convivial companions, a Tabule taken before
going to bed wards off every unpleasant after effect."
HALE BROS.
> 0 ffTnrßirs vtttrsinririnnnrsiftftTftiif y~SI
1 ■ ■ '■ .::. o{
I o\
EXTRA! ife
o
INFANTS' S
"7^^, BONNETS. «3
ii^^M French P'que, trimmed |j
'flriPlf ' th embroidery exact- °\
Iflfii? ly as shown in the p lc " 3
I^^^My ture. Very wide strings. 3
s^^^\/'T The latest thing. Price j*
• * -50c Each. • 3
speciaOvi
TOILKT i Clover l.eat. patent oiC " 2
PAPKK. ihang^r. Special.: «i 3
■ I ! Bundle 3
'JFA^OY I Witcli Hazel or Butter- r<j O<^
SOAP. milk. 3 cakoi in a box j O <=(
Spe.lal I Box 3
j Black cotton Ho«e. a; 3
I heavy ■ narrow ribbed j 31
CHILD'S istocKine, high - spiic- d! 1 OIC 3
HOSE. heels and toes, size* sto 1 J-'i °)
■ [91/2. special I Pair 3
', " j ■ "Cast Iron" blockings ~ 3
for . scboa b>ys, narrow Z)
BOYS* ribbed. doub.e knees. ICO I*.
UOSK, Uoubie heels, double toes, it) • 3
sizes 610 10. Special Pair °)
1 ex
OUR DRAPERY DEP'T. |
SASH CURTAINING. 30 inches wide, r\ Ol C 3j
Hsbnet designs, white or ecru, Hale's x—d-z ol'
price .". .....7. .:...-. Yard 3)
DRAPERY CREPE,' 31 inches wide, One o(!
pretty designs and colorings, makes a *-v/ 3
beautiful drape. Halt's i.rice Yard 3
NEW DRESS GOODS |
. 3i
WASHINGTON CHEVIOTS — A nov- 3
elty all-wool labrlc, 32 inches wide, Q'C 3
zigzag figure on light cround, for walk- *JO 3
lug suits. Hale's Price Yard 3
HICKORY CHECKS-A n all-wool c:oth, 3
.' 32 inches wide, small checks, brown. OF^C 3
blue or green, very stylish for walk- 3
> ing suits; soil, yet linn. Hull's Price. Yard 3
r . . :- ; O{
BOUCLE CHEVIOT— plaid and 3*
basket weave effects, patterns very are 3
ne\\. 36 lucbe&t wide, 5 pauerns. r±*J 3
Hale'sPrlce Yard 3 1
o
SHEPHERD CHECKS-A little larger 3
check than the -'Hickory," but not 3
an. extreme style, all pure wool, 45 3
lucli. black, green, brown, blue and a rr re 3
brown ana b.ue mixture. Hale's ii) 3'
Price Yard °
SALVADOR*; CHECKS — Still larger 3
than the -'Shepherd Check, in brown, 3
' b ue, green and mixed colors, he 'OCC 3
fad or walking nulls and separate ■ Oi) 3
skirts, BO inch, all wooL Hale's Price. Yard °)
,- ■;. :' '\ -',''■ r \ ■■'-.- ' -' ;St
NEW GRENADINES. i
— 3;
Came in Wednesday. Sllte and Wool Grpna- 3!
dines— Large warp tigures, beautiful effects, a full 31
8-yt.rd suit for 91 a. O.her grade «16 bu sulL 3]
All-silk Lace Grenadines— Large leaf effects, all 3'
bIaCK, very. handsome. Price $- 50 yurJ. 3
(Before you decide see our Uses). 3
ea
oj
NEW CATALOGUE. t
— %
The X«» Catalogue is ready. 120 pages with « 1
nearly 1300 illus rat.ons of fashionable styles for 3
spring and Summer. - Mailed ire« to the country. 3
Send your name and the names of your neighbors. 3 I
ULR SULSJUUULSUUL^JLSJUUUI &JUL2JUI J^i
rill I b
ON
DRUGS, PERFUMERY,
PITEIT MEDICMES, RUBBER GOODS,
TOILET ARTICLES,
FHE WINES AND LIQUORS, ;
HIGH-GRADE CIGARS.
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's a Snap:
Belmonts. 12Vbc size cut to 10j
La Rosa. 12^cslze '. cut to 103
Sanchez & Hay a. 12 Vie size cut to 103
El Telegrapho, l'Ji/ 2 c size cut to 103
General Arthur, 10c straight.. cut to 3 for 253
General Burnside, 10c straight cut to 3 for 23]
.Figaro. 5c straight cut to 6 for 2jJ
King ii, 5c straight...'. cut to ti for -'->J
RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.