VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 151.
GREECE'S HOPE
CENTERED IN A
NEW MINISTRY.
Ralli Chosen Prime Minister
and All Portfolios Are
Refilled
TURKS MAKE A SECOND ATTACK
NEAR VOLO.
Now the People of the Hellenes Propose to
Reorganize the Army and Fight
the Moslems to a
Finish,
ATHENS, Greece, April 29.— A1l doubt
of the overthrow of the Delyannis Minis
try was dispelled to-night when the King
instructed tne leaders of the opposition to
form a new Cabinet. The opposition lead
ers met and selected the following:
Trim-* Minister, Ralli; Minister of Ma
rin. , £utaxias; Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, slu.uloudis; Minister nf War,
Colonel Idcmavo*; Minister of Finance,
Siniopoulo; Milliliter of the Interior,
T-lientoki; Minister of Justice and In
struction, A plivlakos.
This list was submitted to the King,
who will undoubtedly approve it.
Tie new Cabinet will appear in the
Chamber to-morrow and demand a vote
of confidence. If the Chamber expresses
confidence Kalli and Colonel Taamavos
will start for Pharsala, where the army is
now situated. The Cabinet is composed
of the lowers of Ralli and the late Pre
mier Tricoupis.
The Greek coalition Ministries have
always been strong during the continua
tion ot crises, bringing about the union
of parties. Ralli is chief of the Neo-Hel
lenic party.
Delyannis had held power just two
years. He refused to resign and the King
acted without him. To-nieht Delyannis
said he refused to resign because if be bad
done so his action would have been mis
understood. He added that be advised
the Kine to dismiss the Government,
which be bad done. Delyannis said if be
bad remained in office he would have res
cued the country from embarrassment
without prejudice and could have ob
tained a rectification of the Grecian fron
tier by abandoning Crete. .
The new Cabinet's avowed policy is to
obtain honorable peace through war.
A dispatch from Pharsala says another
fight occurred to-day at Valestino, which
* was again attacked by the Turks. The
Moslems suffered a second repulse, being
driven back by the troops under Colonel
Smolenitz.
A midnight dispatch from Pharsala
says Smolenitz's brigade was fiercely at
tacked by the Turks this afternoon ten
miles from Volo. The fight began ati
o'clock, lasting some hours, and was re
sumed at 6 to-night. It is stated a whole
corps of Turkish troops was led against
the Greeks, who, though greatly outnum
bered, appear to occupy a favorable posi
ion for the defense. Since the attack of
the battalion of Evzones heavy field guns
have been dispatched to re-enforce them.
At Volo Wednesday the Turks tried to
cut the railway leading to Velestino. The
Greeks sought to defeat the attempt, and
in the fierce conflict ensuing lost a number
of officers killed and wounded. They
were finally compelled to retreat. The
Greeks have captured the magazine at
Philippiada, many thousand shells and a
quantity of stores.
VOLO, Greece, April 29.— women
and children have been put aboard vessels
lying in the harbor. The Greeks have
almost entirely evacuated the town. A
British warship and an Italian ironclad
are anchored in the harbor.
LONDON, Era., April 29.— Athens
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
quotes Ralli, the new Prime Minister, as
saying -.hat the policy would consist of
reorganizing the army and raising it to a
maximum strength, equipping and for
warding numerous recruits and volunteers
from Athens to the front, re-establishing
order in the interior and obtaining a satis
factory solution of foreign questions
affecting Greece.
I.cdli added he would not accept any
definite mandate from either the King or
Chamber and would not be hampered by
a programme. He would be guide 1 solely
by data supplied by a careful study of the
situation.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Turkey, April 29.
—It is reported that the Embassadors of
Great Britain. France and Russia have
a<*ked the Porte to grant Greece an armis
.ice at the request of the Greek Foreign
Minister.
he Turks have become extremely bel
licose, since learning the details of the
victories in Tbessaly and Epirus, and are
beginning to deride the powers' reform
scheme for Turkey.
It is not thought likely the scheme of,
THE CALL
the powers in regard to the status quo can
be effected, as the Turks demand that the
frontier of TurKey be extended, despite
the promises of the powers in the oppo
site direction. The Turks also urge that
Punta, where the Greeks have a fort, op
posite P/eveza, be restored to Turkey, and
Greece be compelled to pay a war in
demnity.
Three Turkish warships and one torpedo
boat belonging to the Turkish fleet are
aground in the Dardanelles, and the sea
is washing over their decks. One of the
vessels will probably be a total wreck.
The fleet has not yet left the Dardanelles.
The maneuvers pf the vessels have utterly
failed, and generally resulted In col
lisions.
AN ATTACK ON PHARSALA.
It Is Reported That lurks Bare J_<-
turned the Assault.
LONDON. £..«., April I'D —The Stand
ard's Athens dispatch at 10:40 o'clock to
night says a telegram Irom r*_.__rsa!a
states that tbe Turkish advance guard has
begun an attack upon the Greek positions
at Pharsala.
The Turks are apparently preparing to
simultaneously attack Pharsala from the
east and west. Already there are rumors
i that the Greeks find their positions unten
i able and are preparing to fall back on
! Thermopylae.
The Daily Mail's correspondent says a
Russian ship is lying at the Piraeus ready
to embark the roya! family.
A Rome dispatch says the powers will
oppose a blockade or bombardment of
Salonica In view of the damage to foreign
commerce.
The Times correspondent at St. Peters
burg has had an interview with a high
official who accompanied Francis Joseph
on a visit to the Czar. The official said
the Emperor was greatly gratified by the
results of bis visit and added there wili
be no change in the Eastern policy of the
powers.
"THE AMERICAN CRETE."
English Opinion Is That the United Stales
Should Intervene and Save
the Island.
LONDON, Eng., April 29.— 1n an edi
torial under the caption of "The Ameri
can Crete," the National Review will to
morrow say: No comparison can be made
between Cuba and Crete. There is more
suffering, it adds, in Cuba than Crete.
Spain has demonstrated its incapacity to
subdue the insurrection and thereby for
feited all moral rights to hold the island.
The United States has a perfectly free
band to suppress the scandal at its very
doors, in which the Review declares no
other nation has any right to interfere,
but the American Government does not
attempt to intervene. The Review says
the Americans are the best judges of their
own interests, but under the circumstances
some charity should temper their com
ments on the infamy of the European
policy in the East.
NEW YORK, N. °V, April 29.--Ad
vices received here say President Cisneros
of the Cuban Republic has issued a de
cree convoking a general election of Rep
resentatives to the National Assembly in
the latter halt of May. Each of the six
Cuban Stales will elect four Representa
tives, who will meet at Guayamarite, in
the State of Caniaguey, on September 2.
Tie Assembly will elect a successor to
Cisneros, whose term expires on Septem
ber 16. Among the candidates for the
Presidency are Cisneros, Bartolome Masso
and Dr. Domingo Capote. The decree
provides, also, for the adoption of a. new
constitution.
MADRID, Spain, April 29.— At th» Cab
inet, council to-day the Queen Regent
granted a decree for the execution of
"reforms" in the western provinces of
Cuba, and nominated the Marquis of
Palmerola Governor of Havana.
IAN MACLAREN CHEERED.
In Making a Defense He Boldly Declares
the Church Is Not Merely a
Rel.gious Socio,}.
SUNDERLAND, Enq., April 29.— At
yesterday's meeting of the annual Presby
terian Synod, Dr. Watson (lan Mac
laren) against whom charges of hetero
doxy were brought which the synod re
fused to consider, moved the adoption of
the college report, in bo doing delivering
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 30, 1897.
THE ISLE AND CONVENT OF JANINA.
In the right foreground, standing far out in the lake, is the extreme northern portion of the famous citadel of Janina, in which Ali Pa*-ha so long bade defiance to
the forces met by the Sultan to crush him, and only fell at the last by treachery within its walls. In the center is tbe splendid Convent of Janina, covering a large part
of the island of the same name, just north of the city. Beyond, some eight miles distant, rise the peaks of the Mitchekeii Mountains to a height of over 4000 feet" from
whose cavernous sides spring a thousand streams to feed the lake, which, though with no visible outlet, keeps its waters always fresh and clear.
In Ali Pasha's time, when Janina was the seat of an empire, as it were, many Europeans of wealth and education were drawn to bis court, and the convent shown
in the picture enjoyed much celebrity. The picture here reproduced by a Call artist is after a drawing by Sargent, engraved by Bastin, in Paris.
what is regarded as bis defense to the
charges.
The churches, he said, were beginning
to complain that the number of candi
dates for the ministry were decreasing,
owing to the secular atmosphere in which
the students are living. It was certain
that some young men leaving the uni
versity felt a doubt which was never
framed in words, but which . erraeated
their intellects. Feeling thus they rightly
did not enter the ministry. The church,
be. added, was not merely a religious
society. He would not have the concern
of to much in tninnta. of doctrine as two
or three great varieties which constituted
faith and separated faith from unbelief.
Cheers gieeted Watson's remarks.
LONDON, Exe, April 29.— The plenary
Presbyterian Synod at Sunderland to-day
rejected the petition containing the
charges of heresy against Dr. Watson,
only seven men supporting it.
SOTO PROCLAIMED PRESIDENT.
So Critical Are- Affairs- in Honduras That
Consuls Ask Their Governments
for Warsh
NEW ORLEANS, La., April 29— The
steamer from Honduras reports the situa
tion critical. The Acting British Consul
bas wired Jamaica for an English war
ship. The American Consul has asked for
a gunboat. The revolutionists ordered all
the arms surrendeied to them, and will
punish all refusing' as traitors. Soto has
been proclaimed President.
TO TEST CIVIL SERVICE.
MeKenna Is Asked for an Opinion on the
Law as It Affec s Govern-
ment Printers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29.—Ac
cording to tbe statement of a Republican
member of Congress, Attorney-General
MeKenna has been called upon by Public
Printer Palmer to render an opinion re
garding the validity of the civil service
law as applied to the Government Print
ing Office. A vast number of employes
are in this great establishment and it has
often been charged that nearly all of
them were Democrats when Cleveland
brought the office within the jurisdiction
of the civil service. The law passed in
1885 says:
"It shall be the duty of the Public
Printer to employ workmen who are
thoroughly skilled in their respective
branches as shown by trial under his
directions."
It is claimed that this law clearly
demonstrates tbat employes of the Public
Printer should be outside the pale of the
civil service.
BURNING TOLLGATES.
Kentucfcianm Continue to Run Thing a in
Km- K lux hi on.
LANCASTER, Ky.. April 29.— One hun
dred men rode into the city last night
and burned the tollgate-keeper's home on
Buckeye street. Th6y called for the
keeper, saying they would murder him,
but be hud taken his family to a neigh
bor's. Notice was left warning the gate
keeper he would be murdered if toll still is
collected and tho gate put up again.
Indiana tollgate raiders have begun
depredations in the neighborhood of Fort
Wayne. Last week three gates near that
city were torn down, the keepers driven
from home and two houses burned. The
torch also was applied to another toll
house in Bath County, Ky., last night.
The keeper moved his family to Ohio to
day to escape the vengeance of the raiders.
TELEPHONE FOR THE EAR.
67. Louis Man Patents a Sensitive Elec
tric , 1 tardrum.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 29.— Civil Engi
neer William L. Skinner has patented an
electrical eardrum, which he claims will
make the deaf hear. The drum consists
of an electrode contact-plate and an elas
tic receiver, designed on the principle of
the telephone, but much more delicate in
operation. When once placed in the ear
no further adjustment is necessary. •
To a portion of the device inserted in the
ear is attached a wire so small as to be
scarcely visible. This leads to a dry bat
tery which may be carried in the pocket.
The inventor claims that the wearer wili
be able to hear as well as those unaffiicted,
without the annoyance of wearing a speak
ing-tube. *.*...-■■•
Xothing in the ftox.
CHICAGO.' III.. April 29 —The box in
the Fidelity safe deposit vaults which the
missing banker, Sheldon, represented to
the heir-* of the O. M. Sheldon estate con
tained $50,000 In securities,", was opened
to-day and found empty.
WATERS SUBSIDE
IN OKLAHOMA.
Debris and Death Left
in the Wake of Swirl
ing Currents.
Hundreds of Homes Washed
Away During the Floods *
in Guthrie.
Stories of Great. Heroism on the
Part of Those Who Made
Daring Rescues.
GUTHRIE, O. T., April 29.— The great
flood is a thing of the past. The waters
have receded and where yesterday flowed
ten feet of water as far as the eye could
reach the ground is now almost dry.
There arc great piles of wreckage and
shattered buildings and the scene of gen
eral devastation to-night seems more like
the wort of a mighty tornado than a flood.
All night the water receded fast and by
daylight the river was within its banks.
By noon hundreds of workmen were re
storing houses. The trip through every
section of the flooded district shows hun
dreds of homes entirely gone. Thrice as
many were damaged and dozens ot busi
ness bouses wrecked. The loss is fully
$100,000.
Five hundred people are homeless, while
1000 have lost all their personal effects.
Many people reported last night as posi
tively drowned were found to-day in trees,
and it was soon apparent the number
drowned did not exceed twenty-five.
Escapes of survivors were remarkable.
Some swam incredible distances, and res
cuers braved dangers which proved every
man a hero.
Mrs. Rachael McKinney, aged 65,
climbed upon an arbor. After clinging on
three hours she was knocked off by drift
wood, went under water twice, floated an
eighth of a mile, struck a house, grasped
the window sill and, breaking the glass
with her hand, climbed in and lay on the
floor until rescued.
Daniel Smallwood swam half a mile,
holding a crippled wife. Mrs. Fanny
Puffin was struck by a log and drowned.
John Miles perished while trying to save
his children. Mrs. Eva Dumas, Mrs.
Jane Watt, H. M. Sawyer, Mrs. Dennis
and an unknown couple were among
those reported rescued to-night, bul there
are many others who nev r will be found.
Thieves are. looting the wreckage along
the river and entering many. of the dis
mantled houses to-night. Guards are
being nut, everywhere, and if the looters
are caught there will likely be a lynching.
The receding water in Cimarron bas
left an immense pile of wreckage at the
railway bridge two miles north. Watchers
there are positive many bodies are buried
there, declaring that several have been
sighted. The bodies of a colored baby
and a smooth-faced white man were re
covered to-nigbt.
NEW ORLEANS. La.. April 29.— Severe
rain and wind storms yesterday and to
day through the lower Mississippi Valley
did great damage, causing ugly sloughs
in many levees. Appeals have poured in
to the relief committee from all quarters
to-day for tents. Nearly balf the people
in the overflowed section of Louisiana are
altogether shelterless.
The captains of the steamers Creole and
Wilmot have been fined for violating the
Stale law against running vessels too near
the levees during high water, but without
effect of stopping the violations. The
Levee Board will insist upon imprison
ment of tbe captains of the Napoleon and
New Orleans and of all the other steam r
captains who go too near the levee. Affi
davits were made to-day against the
steamers Mamie Coyle and Elmoso of the
Southern Pacific.
• State Engineer Perilliat, who returned
to-day from the Atchafalaya District,
issued a, statement" warning the people
from the Red River 'down not to lull
themselves, into a feeling of security.
There is still very great danger, he says.
The levees must be four feet above the
present flood lever to provide for a rise of
two or three feet. It is now very probable
the river will cut through the Cowpen
Point levee, leaving Natchez, Miss., an
inland town, as Vicksburg was in 1870.
Thousands of dollars have beea spent to
prevent this.
WINTER HAS RESIGNED.
Declines to Serve as the Northern Fac He's
President, and There Is Talk
of La mont Again.
NEW "YORK. N. V., April 29. — The
re-ignation of President Winter of the
Northern Pacific Railroad was presented
at tbe meeting of the directors here to
day, but was not acted upon. All the di
rectors were present except Winter and
Charlemagne Tower Jr. Winter's resig
nation was not unexpected, and his rea
sons therefor were explained in a state
ment which he authorized. The state
ment was thai bis .resignation was ten
dered in view of the recent acquisition of
ia' considerable minority interest in the
property by parties of whose co-operation
be was not assured, and without such as
surance be was unwilling to continue in
tbe administration.
Winter refers in this explanation to a
sale in February to a European syndi
cate, which the Deutsche Bank of Berlin
was the bead, of 130,000 shares of pre
ferred and 172,260 shares ol common stock
in the new company. Winter resigned
also as director. After the meeting ad
journed the following statement was made
at the office of J. P. Morgan & Co. :
"At an interview this week we assured
Winter if he remained with the property
be should continue to have our entire con
fidence and fullest support, but for reasons
given by him and for no others, he has
tendered hi. resignation. You may state
this without any reservation whatsoever."
The stock of the Northern Pacific Rail
way is held by five voting trustees J.
Pierpont Morgan, George Siemens, Au
gust Belmont, Johnston Livingston and
Charles Lanier. Morgan nnd Lanier are
now in Europe, and the selection of Wint
er's successor will have to be deferred
until their views are ascertained, or until
the trustees have bad an opportunity to
confer.
It has been the current gossip for a
month that ex-Secretary of War Lamont
will be elected to succeed Winter. There
is good reason to believe that the election
of Lamont will be acceptable to soma
large holders of Northern Pacific securi
ties, and that they urge it.
ROM HIM HAS A GUARD.
Xeeetsilated by the Strained Relation*
at the Court- Martial.
ATLANTA, Ga., April 29.— 50 strained
have tbe relations between Captain Ro
meyn, now on trial by court-martial, and
Lieutenant O'Brien, bis accuser, become
that the commandant has furnished a
guard to escort Romeyn to court.
In bis testimony yesterday Romeyn
used a personal epithet concerning
O'Brien, which in tbis region has always
been considered justification for shooting.
Recognizing the gravity of the situa
tion, Major Charles Porter, commanding
the fort, ordered Romeyn. to he escorted
from bis quarters to court by officers of
the guard and two men, and it is under
stood that the. guard has instructions to
protect Romeyn at any hazard. A junior
lieutenant at the post said to-day: •-*-£'-'*
| "If it had not been for the interposition
of friends I am sure that O'Brien would
have done something rash and the court
martial have come to a sudden end. I
know O'Brien was furious when he beard
Romeyn's words.
Mrs. Romeyn said: "We have been
warned of danger of violence from O'Brien
or Bamford, but my husband is not the
least afraid. Ha will be able to take care
of himself." .""*'.'
The court to-day heard rebuttal testi
mony from Colonel Russell and Captains
Burden and Wales, which was all favor
able to the conduct of Mrs. O'Brien and
Bamford.
COLLEGE SIVDr.XTS PROTEST.
They Show Their Disapproval of the Re
moral of Profeasora. .
LINCOLN, Nebr, April 29.— For soma
time there has been considerable friction
between the various professors of the
State University, and Chancellor Maclean
has at times been unable to agree with
some of the department professor. The
trouble culminated yesterday afternoon
in a meeting of the board of regents, at
which it was decided to ask for the resig
nations of James W. Adams, professor of
English, and H. K. Wolfe, professor of
philosophy. The students got t wind of
the action and held a meeting last night.
This morning at chapel they showed their
disapproval of the action of the board by
hissing the chancellor and shouting
"What's the matter with Wolfe; he's all
right." After this outbreak the students
held an indignation meeting, at which
inflammatory speeches were made. The
board and faculty ope to get the trouble
quietly settled
HARD TIMco IN THE WEST.
Edwin Hawley, the Railroad Official, Tells
of His Recent Observations
Curing a Tour.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 29.— Edwin
Hawley, president of the Minneapolis and
St. Louis and assistant traffic manager of
the Southern Pacific, has returned from a
twenty-two days' trip to California, to
attend the first annual reunion of officials
and aeents of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. Hawley visited all the principal
California coast 'points, and! stopped in
Salt Lake, Denver and St. Louis. .
"Business all through the West, and
particularly on the Pacific Coast, is virtu
ally flat," said Hawley to-day. "And so
far as I am able to judge people are living
on hope everywhere, business is very
poor and complaints are general about
hard time 3. Even in San Francisco the
business depression is most noticeable.
"In Salt Lake, Denver and St. Louis
merchants are generally hopeful that a
revival is near at band. The Pacific roads
are not doing a very heavy business. The
Central Pacific is not moving any ton
nage to speak of, for the reason the min
ing interests, which used to form a great
source of revenue, are not working. On
the Southern Pacific copper, however, is
king and the road is doing a big business
in that metal. The far West shows evi
dence of bard times everywhere. Tne
Dingley bill is annoying the commercial
branches, nnd merchants are anxious. As
to the Minneapolis and St. Paul, we are
doing a very good business, although the
road has just passed through the worst
storm of the period in fourteen years.
Our tonnage is good and we are doing
well for hard times.
WILL OFFER A COMPROMISE.
Attorneys of the Southern Par fie Line Up
for the Struggle in a Kentucky
\ Court.
FRANKFORT, Kv., April 29.— Judge
Alex Humphrey of the firm of Humphrey
& Davie, attorneys for the Southern Pa
cific, arrived here to-night preparatory to
going into court to-morrow, when the case
of the State against the Southern Pacific
Railroad will be called. The attorneys for
the road will not state their course, but it
is known they will first demur to the peti
tion of the plaintiff.. If they are not suc
cessful they will then answer, claiming
exemption on the ground of non-resi
dence. T ? - ,.,*■'
The attorneys of the road stated to Gen
eral Taylor that they were about ready to
make a settlement, and would offer a
compromise. ' General Taylor stated tbat
no compromise would be accepted; that
the road owed the State the amount ol
$136, .00 alleged in the petition, and that
unless they went to the State Commis
sioners and offered to settle in full he
must respectfully decline to settle the suit
out of court, and it would be tried to an
issue. Able assistance has been employed
by the railroad, and they will make a hard
struggle in resisting tbe taxes.
THE niDOW OF SHERIDAS.
Chicago Gossip Says She Will Soon
Marry Mar.hall Field.
CHICAGO. 111., April 29.— The general
talk in society circles is that Marshall
Field, the multi-millionaire merchant, is
engaged to be married to the widow of
General Philip Sheridan, and that , the
wedding will occur soon. Mr. Field de
clined to see reporters wbo called to verify
the story. Mrs. Sheridan was formerly
Miss Ruck .r, a daughter of General Rucker
of the regular army, and married Sheridan
here about twenty years. ago. She has
three children, twin boys, about 18, and a
daughter. Since the death of her hus
ban.i Mrs. Sheridan has resided in Wash
ington, D. '0. Mr. Field has been a
widower about a year. He has two chil
dren. Hi., fortune has been estimated at
150,000,000, but is probably more than
twice that sum.
Colonel' Ande r«_n Recovering.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 29 —Colonel
Finlay Anderson, who was thrown from
his horse, during the Grant parade,'" is
slightly better to-day, and the doctors at
St. Luke's Hospital hope lor bis ultimate
recovery. _ " "- -
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PLANS FOR
WAR WITH
THE BOERS
England's Policy Is to
Be Paramount in
South Africa.
TO INCREASE THE CAPE
GARRISON.
Estimates Show That Great
Britain intends to Outwit
the Transvaal.
POINTS IN THE BUDGET THAT
IXCITE r iHE COMMONS. .
The Chancellor of the Exchequer
Shows That the National Pros
perity Is Increasing.
LONDON, Esq., April 29.— 1n the House
of Commons to-day Sir Michael Hicks-
Beach. Chancellor of the Excnequer, sub
mitted the annual budget amid prolonged
cheering. He said the national prosperity
even exceeded the previous year. There
had been an increase of 5 per cent in for
eign trade, and home trade was equally
satisfactory.
During the year, he said, the people had
smoked, drank, earned more and paid a
greater aggregate sum in income tax and
death duties lhan in any previous year.
In 1896 he had forecasted the revenue
would amount to £100,180,000, whereas it
bad actually been £103,950,000. including
supplementary estimates amounting to
£2,279.000. The total expenditure had
been £102,235,000.
The budget proposals include £500.000
for increased naval estimates, £200,000 for
increasing the British garrison in South
Africa and the establishment of a series of
postal reforms. The naval expenses, the
Chancellor said, have been increased 40
per cent since 1892, and the educational
expenses for the same period had been in
creased 43 per cent. After deducting the
exchequer issues from the revenue the
surplus for the year was £2,473,000, and
that had b«-en devoted to the naval and
military works. .-;- ■■* / -■' • > »""»£ * "
During the year the national debt had
been reduced £7,534,000. The Chancellor
said the Government had carefully consid
ered the responsibilities of its position
as a paramount power in South Africa
and was convinced that it was necessary
to materially increase the strength of the
British garrison there. [Loud cheers from
the Government benches.] ["This step
has not been taken aggressively," be
said, "but we intend to fulfill to the ut
most all our obligations and we expect
others to do the same." [Tremendous
cheering by Ministerial supporters.]
Sir Michael estimated the expenditure!
for the coming year at £101,790,000 and
the revenue at £103,359,000.
Harcourt, leader of the opposition, com
plained that the Government's policy was
to forego a reduction of taxation in order
to carry out a war policy in South Africa.
The Secretary of State for the Colonies, he
declared, had endeavored to cause a racial
war and failed, and tbe war policy had
been condemned by the Cape Parliament.
Chamberlain defended the South Afri
can policy as conciliatory. The Trans
vaal Government, he declared, had spent
millions in strengthening the armaments
of the Boer republic, which were now
greatly disproportionate to those of Cane
Colony. Every loyal British subject, be
maintained, would be grateful if the Gov
ernment recognized the position of Great
Britain as the paramount power in South
Africa and was determined to maintain
her rights. _,;.*■ '■■'.
The debate continued for some time.
Leonard Courtney, Liberal member for
Cornwall, refused to believe the Transvaal
aggressive. This provoked Balfour into
characterizing the speeches ot Harcourt
and Courtney as tending to aggravate the
situation. The Government, he said, only
desired the -actual existing rights and
would regard it a disaster if it were found
necessary to go to war with the Transvaal.
Harcourt thanked Balfour for his heal
ing words. .'•
CAPE TOWN, South Africa. April 29.—
Sir J. Gordon Sprigg, Premier and Treas
urer, to-day presented the budget to the
Assembly. The budget contained a pro
posal for an increase in the strength of
the Cave mounted rifles at an annual
cost of £23.000 on the ground it is neces
sary for the protection of native terri
tories.
FUSERAL, OF JiJ.fi- METER.
Many Floral Tributes Displayed l.'ur-
ma the Service tn the Cathedral.
NEW YORK, N. V.„ April 29.— 1n ac
cordance with his wish the funeral serv
ices of Theodore Havemeyer were held
this morming at St. Patrick's Cathedral.
Many floral tributes from employes were
banked around the pulpit. Archbishop
Corrigan officiated. Ninety-two pews were
reserved for members of the family, busi
ness associates and intimate friends.
Thirty of these pews were occupied by
the hundred employes of the Wall-street
office. v,-_ ■"'-*.
China's Agricultural School.
ITHACA. N. V., April 29.— Cornell's
president. Schurman. has recommended
to Chang Chi Tung, Viceroy of Hu
Kwang, China, the appointment of G. D.
Brill of Patchogue, Long Island, to take
charge of the model farm at Wuchang, at
$3000 per annum. China intends to found
an agricultural school in that province..
Jrxron and Spike Sullivan.
NEW YORK. N. V., April 29.— "Spike"
Sullivan has been matched to tight George
Dixon not later than the last Monday in
June. The principals-yesterday deposited
$100 each in the hands of Frank Moran,
the temporary stakeholder. They have
agreed to fight twenty-five rounds at 138
pounds. .-.<_..2
SMALLPOX NOW
AT HONOLULU
Cargo of Immigrants
Sent Back to
Japan-
Hawk - Like Watch of the
Guards of Murderer
Butler.
•
Cruiser Philadelphia Attendlnc to
Social Duties — A Swell
Engacemer.t.
.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, April 23— It is
sixteen days since the last mail left for
San Francisco, and in that time much of
interest bas taken place, the most impor
tant happening being a threatened epi
demic of smallpox.
On April 9 the Japanese tramp steamer
Kinai Mara, Captain Sakato, arrived iff
port, twen.y days from Kobe, having on
board two cabin passengers and 6.0
Japanese free laborers, or "students," us
they are generally called here.
There were no contract laborers in the
lot, though it turned out afterward that
many of them had fictitious contracts.
There had been no sickness oh the voyage,
and the vessel bad a clean bill of health,
but the immigrants were about the dirtiest
lot of people ever landed here.
On Monday morning * two cases of
smallpox were discovered among the im
migrants. The examination resulted in
139 being allowed to land ana the others
being ordered to be returned. Many of
the immigrants had been deceived with
bosus contracts by immigration agents.
After concluding the investigation Min
ister Cooper. Collector-General Castle and
the other officials went into quarantine at
the Waikiki premises of Mr. Castle, where
the- still are.
The first two cases of smallpox occurred
on April 12; there were two more on tbe
14th, one on the 15th and still another on
the 16th, making six in all. On the very
first day tne Board of Health made every
provision against an epidemic. The 543
rejected immigrants were returned on
board, a considerable show of force having
to be made to get them to embark peace
ably.
Besides the rejected immigrants the
Kinai Maru took away 2.9 Japanese from
Honolulu, making a total of 772 steerage
passengers, or 92 more than sue brought.
It is hoped that the disease will not ap
pear on the voyage to Kobe, but there are
many in this city who think she will be a
floating pestnouse long before the Japan
ese coast is sighted.
In vi- oi the failure of previous pre
cautions to keep smallpox out, the Board
of Hearth has passed a stringent order re
quiring all steerage passengers of any na
tionality coming from Japanese ports to
serve full eighteen days' quarantine after
irrivai at this port. This is also to apply
to any Japanese war vessels which may
arrive.
The 130 Japanese who were rejected
from the lot brought here by the Sakura
Maru, nnd for whose return William G.
Irwin & Co. gave $6000 bonds, were sent
back on the Coptic. S. Asano, the mil
lionaire steamship man, who passed
through Honolulu on the Coptic and saw
the rejected immigrants from the Sakura
Maru put aboard, grew very much ex
cited over what he was leased to term
the "unlawful treatment" of his fellow
countrymen. He claimed that the Ha
waiian Government could not compel
them to return home on the Coptic, but
must permit them to choose their own
mode of conveyance. He said he intended
to inquire into the matter when be reached
home and ascertain if the Japanese Gov
ernment would permit its people to be
handled in a foreign and friendly country
like a lot of siieep.
Consul-General Shimamura, who repre
sents the Japanese Government here and
who was only recently promoted to a
commissionershin, has received a cable
dispatch liom Japan by way of San Fran
cisco notifying him of his promotion to
the post of Minister Resident. The Japa
nese are greatly embused over the affair
and tendered the new Minister a big ban
quet at the Hawaiian Hotel.
The steamer Kaena, with the expedition
under command of Marshal Brown, which
went to look for an opium schooner, sup
posed to b. due here, returned after an ab
sence of tea days without having seen
anything in the shape of a sail. A watch
is still being kept up on those islands for
the expected schooner.
A horrible murder Is reported from
Kamalo, a small settlement on tbe island
of Molotni, not far from the leper settle
ment. The one store in the village was
kept by an old Chinaman and his wife.
He was mashed to death with a rock. She
was left for dead, but recovered.. Sara
Kuu, Paahao and Noa, three natives, were
arrested by Sheriff Trimble and they con
fessed the crime. Noa, the leader of the
gang, offered to take Sheriff Trimble up
to the mountains and show him where tho
stolen money was buried. The Sheriff
foolishly took him up, and when a likely
spot was reached the murderer jumped
from his horse and quickly disappeared in
the thick undergrowth.
Minister of Finance Samuel M. Damon
is booked to leave for San Francisco on
May 4by the steamer China. He will go
to New York and probably to England.
He will most likely represent the Ha
waiian Government at Queen Victoria's
jubilee celebration and at the same time
viMt his eldest son who is studying prac
tical banking in a Scotch bank. His visit
is also made in connection with the sale of
the refunding bonds -uuhonzed by the
last Legislature which P. C. Jones tried to
place in Boston and New York previous to
the Presidential election.
The German ship H. F. Glade, now on
her way to this port from Bremen, will
bring about 120 German laborers, with their
families, to work on the plantations. The
emigrant are to find employment on one
of th- plantations represented by Hack
felJ _t Co., it has not yet been determined
which one. The experiment will attract
widespread attention, and Its success or
failure watched with great interest from
both sides of the Pacific. The assertion
bas often been made that white men can
not -do the work on the plantations now
performed by the Asiatics.
The Hawaiian Star publishes an
interview with Colonel Z. S. Spalding,
who is here for the purpose of getting an
extension of time on his cable franchise.
The press generally denounces his great
assurance, and there is little likelihood of
nis getting what he wants. The fran
chise expires May 1.
The United States steamer Petrel
reached here on the 13th inst., haying
made a stay a: Hilo long enough for her
officers to visit the volcano. The United
States steamer Philadelphia' arrived off
port on the night of the 16th. but d:d not
come into the harbor until the following
morninc. Since then she has been put
ting ii. time firing official salutes. Ad
miral Beardslee. Captain Cotton and staff
paid an official vi-it t<> President Dole and
the Cabinet the day before yesterday, but
nothing of a political nature transpired.
The Philadelphia is receiving a thorough
overhauling, nearly all hands being en
gaged in cleaning ship. ' The vessel came
..own in eight days, using ohly two of her
boilers. *. • '**.-. .*•--.--
The engagement of A. G. S. Hawes, the
British Commissioner here, to Miss Fan
nie Gay of Kauai is announced. Tne lady
is quite wealthy.
Many people went down to the steamer
Mariposa to see Butler, the Australian
murderer, but no one was allowed on board
A SPECIMEN OF ATHENIAN HUMOR.
The Sultan and the Grand Vizier of Turkey looking for trouble in Macedonia.
From the Asty, a loading journal of Athens.
except on business. Butler was rather
sullen and morose and refused to talk. He
accepted cigars and a drink of whisky, all
of which were examined by Inspector
Roche, but declined all overtures to get
him into conversation. He did say, how
ever, tb-^t the English officers were hard
on him and that they would never get him
ashore alive.
Inspector Roche said Butler had made
all kinds of trouble on the voyage in try
ing to tear open the wound in his head
made by his finger-nails in San Francisco,
and that he was never out of their sight
for a moment. The more Butler seems
determined not to be landed alive the
more the officers seem determined he
shall be. "It would be a pretty how d'ye
do," said the inspector, "if we let him
cheat the gallows after getting him this
far."
Marshal Brown furnished a detail of
four stalwart, policemen while the vessel
was in port as an additional precaution.
Two of them were stationed on deck and
two in the corridor outside Butler's cell,
but two of the three Australian officers
never left Butler's side while the Mari
posa was in Honolulu.
Labor Cammis.ioner Fitzgerald has
gone to Hawaii to look into labor matters
on the coffee plantations. His report is
already awaited with much interest.
The Doric arrived this morning from
Yokohama, bringing the news that the
Japanese Government had peremptorily
stopped all immigration to Hawaii until
it has investigated the causes which have
led to the rejection of the last three lots
of immigrants. A meeting of the Board
of Health was convened on the arrival
of the steamer, at which it was decided
not. to allow the through passengers to
land here. The live passengers for this
port, after fumigation, were allowed to
land on condition that they report daily
to the port physician for examination for
ten days. Dr. Eldredee, the Hawaiian
health officer at Yokohama, reports a de
cided decrease of smallpox in that city,
there being only twenty-seven cases in
the two weeks previous to the sailing of
tbe Doric.
There, was a big meeting of British
residents last night to ta__«- measures
toward the celebration of Queen Vic
toria's jubilee. It was decided that a fund
should be raised of at least $2D,000 for the
erection of a Queen Victoria hospital.
Alexander Youne, a wealthy sugar
planter, started the subscription list with
$2500, and William G. Irwin and others
have promised to send their checks for
similar amounts. In addition there will
be religious services, public games, a ball
and a general holiday. The British Com
missioner will ask this Government to set
apart the day as a National holiday. He
will have a separate celebration on his
own account on Queen Victoria', birth
day, which will be an e'aborat . affair.
BLACK JACK BITES THE DUST.
The Notorious Bandit Leader Killed in a
Running Fight Wilh a Fosse in
New Mexico.
SANTA FE, N. Mex.. April 29.— Black
Jack, tie famous leader of a desperate
ban of border outlaws, was killed yester
day in the gang's running fight with Dep
uty Marshal Fred Higgins and his posse.
The large rewards for the arrest of Back
Jack will be paid to the posse.
The battle was fought in tbe mountains
of Western Grant County, fifteen miles
east of Clifton, Ariz. Under secret in
structions from the Postoffice Depart
ment Marshal Hall has kept Higgins'
posse in the field along the New Mexican
and Arizona border for two months on the
lookout for Black Jack and his band.
On Tuesday night a dispatch was re
ceived from the Postmaster at Ciii'ton,
saying that the desperadoes had been seen
on Tuesday afternoon fifteen miles east.
Higgins was ordered to the scene, and
striking the trail at dawn yesterday fol
lowed it until 8 o'clock, when be overtook
the party, which numbered six of the
most notable cutthroats that were ever
banded together in the West. A hot fight
ensued, but when Black Jack fell from his
horse, shot through the heart by Higgins,
the other desperadoes escaped into the
mountains.
Black Jack's bod 7 was taken to CPfton
last night and identified to-day. He is
believed to be one of the two men wbo
two weeks ago slopped at the ranch of
George Smith in the western part of
Socorro County and after dinintr with
him murdered him and seriously wounded
his cook.
The Masonic fraternity offered $1500 for
Smith's murderer and the United States
$500 for each member of Black Jack's
band, dead or alive.
Black J .ck is the fourth member of the
gang killed by the officers* within six
months. These desperadoes have operated
for a year along the border, killing seven
men and roobing scores of stores, post
offices and mail coaches. ' ;••.'♦•-
CORBETT El- SfUIIS TO LAW.
Begins *uit Again. t Edison to Protect
Photograph Film..
TRENTON, N. J., April 29—Lawyer
Alexander Simpson, acting for ex-Cham
pion Corbett and William A. Brady, his
manager, hied a bill in the United States
Circuit Court to-day asking lor an injunc
tion to restrain Inventor Edison "from
manufacturing and selling photographic
films of the j Corbett- Courtney sparrinsr
match. ' "
' The bill alleges that Corbett was induced
to spar with Courtney before a camera by
ti.e Kinetoscopo Exhibition Company,
und-*r /a' contract providing that Corbett
and Brady should be sole owners of the
films". Without any amhority, they say,
Edi-on has been. making and selling pho
tographs in large quantities and realizing
enormous profits.
For a Duty on Hides.
NEW YORK, N. V., April 29.-The
Press's Washington correspondent says:
The Senate" Finance Committee decided
definitely to place a cent a pound duly on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1897.
| hides, which is a Western victory. The
j Massachusetts Senators have striven bard
* to prevent this. The fight will be con-
I tinued in the Senate, when it is bop*d
j enough Democratic votes will be secured
j to deleat the duty.
BIG FIRE IN MILWAUKEE.
Schmidt Hotel Totally Destroyed, With an
Unknown but Considerable
Loss of Life.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., April 29.— An
alarm of fire early this morning brought
the fire department to tho Schmidt
Hotel, which was discovered to be in
flames.
The firemen set to wort promptly and
for a while it looked as though they would
be able to get the flames under control.
Very soon, however, it was seen that the
building was doomed.
Another alarm was turned in and the
whole department devoted itself to sav
ing the adjoining buildings.
The guests of the hotel were warned as
quickly as possible of the tire, but it is
feared that a few of them, who were asleep
at ihe time, did not escape.
Just how many guests there were in the
building is not known. Proprietor Schmidt
is the only one who knows to a certainty,
and just at present he is unconscious be
cause of being suffocated by the smoke.
Some of the employes of the hotel, how
ever, say that there were quite a number
of people stopping in tbe building.
Among those who are missing is Miss
Schmidt, the daughter of tne proprietor.
Daring deeds of heroism were performed
by the firemen. They rushed into the
.moke and flames again and again to save
people, and they did not give it up until
the chief absolutely furbade any, one
again entering the building.
The building is a total Toss. It is esti
mated that the loss will amount to fully
$225,000. How much insurance there may
be is not known. It is said, however, ihat
the amount of insuranca is small. Very
little property was saved from the ruins.
The guests of the hotel were not able to
save anything.
OFFICE FOIL If HE 1. M EX.
j President Potter Propose, to Begin a
Calilornia Campaign.
NEW YORK. N. V., April 29.—Presi
dent Potter of the L. A. W. to-day sent a
communication to two prominent Cali
fornia wheelmen, tendering them the
offices of chief and vice-consul of that di
j vision, to fill the vacancies caused by the
! resignations of those affiliated with the
. Sunday-racing movement.
He declined to give the names, being
I uncertain of their acceptance.
Potter proposes as soon as the new offi
cials are installed to bepin a campaign
throughout the State, and predicts tbere
will be more members added to tie L. A.
W. than ever registered from California
before. mammm
HUXTIXG FOR lO.yDSMEX.
Xebratka's treasurer Held on Another
Embrtzlftlirnt Charye.
OMAHA, Nebr., April 29.— retiring
State Treasurer, Jo-eph Bartley.who was
arrestel last nl.-bt charged with embez
zling $201,000 of the Stale funds, was ar
raigned to-day, and, waiving examina
tion, was. bound over to the District Court
in the sum of $50,000. He is now scour
ing tho city with a policeman trying to
secure bondsmen. Tnere is some proba
bility that he will fail, as he is already
out on $..0,000 bail lor stealing $500,000 ot
State funds.
The President Convicted.
NEW ORLEANB, La., April 20 —In the
embezzlement trial of W. P. Nichols
president and I. R. de Blanc, cashier of
the Bank of Commerce, which failed last
September, the jury to-day submitted a
verdict of guiliv against Nichols, and not
guilty again De Blanc. Nichols is the
nenhew of General Nichols, twice Gover
nor of Louisiana and now Chief Justice of
the State.
Damaged *>■/ rob..
KANSAS CITY, Mo , April 29.—Rich
ard Hysell has sued Swift <_. Co., packers,
for $5000 damages for injuries be says he
suffered from microbes. Hysell is a work
man at Swift's and was ordered to clean
dried blood ann rust from overhead the
iron runway. , He says this blood was full
of microbes. A pi* c» of it flew mo his
eye. It became inflamed, injuring his
sig.it permanently.
On the Ball field.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., April 29. — Phila
delphia 12. Brooklyn 11.
BALTIMORE, Md., April 29. -Baltimore G,
New York 3.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29.—Washing
ton 5, Hoston 3.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, April 29.— Cincinnati
7, Pi'tsbure 8- :■.•■
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 29. -Louisville 5
Chicago 4.
BT. LOU'S, Mo.. April 29.-St. Lord, 6, Cleve
land 0. Cal.ed on account of dartre. _,
Grandsons at the' Vn'r'elling.
DALLAS, Tex., April 29.— The Confed
erate monument erected by the Daughters
of the Confederacy was unveiled this
morning. Grandsons of J-fferson Davis,
Lee and Jackson participated. '
King Humbert la Grateful.
ROME, Italy, April 29— King Humbert
has written an autograph letter, to Pre
mier Rudini expressing thanks to the
nation tor the universal manifestation of
sympathy over the attempt to assassinate
him on April 22.
Premier' Salisbury Returns.
LONDON, Eng., April Lord Salis
bury arrived tn-nicht from Riviera, where
he bad been acting as Minister in attend
ance upon the Queen.
DINGLE 'S BILL
IN GREAT DANGER
Countless Amendments
to Be Made When It
, Gets to the Senate.
.
#
It Is the General Opinion That
the Measure Will Be Fi
nally Defeated.
However. It Will Be Midsummer
Before a Decisive Vote Is Taken
In the Upper. House.
i
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29.— At
to-day's session the Senate Finance Com
mittee failed to reach an agreement with
regard to reporting the revised Dingley
bill. Another meeting will ba held in a
few days, when it is hoped an arrange
ment satisfactory to all political factions
will be reached, allowing the bill to be __■-
ported to the full committee Monday and
shortly afterward to the House.
The work of the lour Republican Sena
tors who have revised the bill — Allison,
Aldrich, Piatt cf Connecticut and Wol
cott—is practically completed. The Re
publicans are disinclined to submit tbe
bill to the full committee without the
assurance they will be allowed to report it
to the Senate before it is submitted to
Democratic criticism and amendment.
This assurance has not yet been received.
Under the Senate rules unlimited debate
is! allowed. The Republicans will not
have arbitrary power over the bill after it
is reported, though they will be able to
defeat objectionable amendments and un
doubtedly bave enough votes to pass it.
Their present embarrassment arises alto
gether from the fact that the Republi
cans on the Finance Committee are in
the minority, and the attitude of Jones
of Nevada, Populist member, may bave a
direct influence on the present fate of the
bill. Jones is now absent from Washing
ion, but it is understood he has joined tba
Democratic members of tbe committee in
demanding that the bill be submitted to
tbe full committee for a few weeks before
being reported to the Senate. As Jones I .
a protectionist, it is thought he will vote
for the pas age of the bill, but there are
certain matters, including a revocation
of the Hawaiian treaty, which he thinks
will be better treated in committee than
after the bill gets to the Senate.
! Jones of Arkansas, chairman of the
! National Democratic Committee, pur
posely absented himself from the commit
tee meeting to-day. Originally he was
willing that the Republicans should have
full control of their bill until it was re
ported to ibe Senate, but since then he
ha« joined his party colleagues in de
manding time for consideration. After
the committee .meeting he beid a long
conference with Aldrich, the Republican
political manager.
The Democratic steering committee
meeting was held later to decide exactly
what the Democratic position will be on
, he bill. .'*.' "
It is the general opinion of Senators that
the attitude of Democratic Senators indi
cates the bill will be finally defeated and
freely amended, and It will be midsummer
before a final vote is taken.
In audition to several hundred amend
ments of the Finance Committee, count
less amendments will be proposed by in
dividual Senators, all of which have to be
considered. Many amendment.*, have al
ready been offered in the Senate. Quay
to-day resented a bitch proposing
changes ii. many schedules. The formal
consideration of the bill ln the Senate, it
is believed, will begin in about a fortnight
and may last two or three months.
DE YOUNG FOR PARIS.
The Latest Is That He Wants io Be Di
rector-General to the Great
Exposition.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 29. -"For
Director-General of the United States Ex
hibit at the Paris Exposition. Michel H.
de Youn* of California."' This is the
latest. Mr. de Young, being disappointed
in his ambition to be Embassador to Italy
and then Minister to Belgium, turned bis
eyes fondly toward St. Petersburg witb its
salary of ?17,000 a year, but the President
felt quite sure that Mr. de Young would
be persona non grata to the Czar, whose
nation is oppo*>ed to the Hebrew race.
' The first intimation of Mr. de Young's
candidacy- for the director-generalship of
the American exhibit at the Paris Ex
position was given to-night to The Call
correspondent by Judge James A. Way
mire of Alameda and ex-Attorney-Gen
eral W. H. H. Hart. Mr. Way mire came
down fiom New York to-night and Mr.
Hart arrived from the metropolis this
afternoon, having accompanied John D.
Spreckels across the continent. Mr. Way.
mire evidently had a talk with Mr. de
Young about the director-generalship
when he was in New York, though he did
not say so, but both Waymire and Hart
declared emphatically that Mr. de Young
is anxious for the appointment, and both
felt assured tb it tbe President would ap
point him. .7__c^____i_BßH___*gp*___j
"But as yet there is no such office,*'
suggested The Call correspondent "Ob,
yes, there" ie," said Mr. Hart; -'at least I
think that Congress has provided for a
representation of ibid country at the ex
position, although the salary of a director
.-eneral may not have been fixed. But
that makes no difference. It will be pro
vided for by Congress."
Judge Waymire added that Mr. de
Young's executive ability would make
him a success as director-general of the
United Stai*s exhibit at Paris, as he had
already bad experience with the* Califor
nia Midwinter Fair. Juace Waymire said
that it would be a great thing for Califor
nia people, many of whom would un
doubtedly visit the exposition. "Be
sides," said he, "it will be a great oppor
tunity for us to advertise our California
wines.fruits and other products."
Senator Perkins said he was not aware
that Congress had as yet made any pro
visions for a "director-general of tbe
United States at the .exposition." ria
said, however, tnat he bad no doubt that
Congress would make a suitable provision
Under eminent scientific control.
\Ul—\ mm^Lm ' tmv^mm. mßm _9v
"A Idea Purgative!' Practitioner;
for a respectable representative at Paris.
As yet de had not heard 'of Mr. de
Young's candidacy for the ' place. Tbe
fair does not begin until 1900, but it is
expected that the director-general will be
appointed a year in advance of its
opening.
JOHXSOA'S REPORT MADE.
The __>>...-.'< Commissioner on His Ber
ing Sen Investigations.
WASHINGTON. D. C. April 29 —The
report of President Jordan, head of the
American Scientific Commission to the
seal islands last year, was submitted to
the Government a few months ago. The
report of Professor Thompson of the Brit
ish Commission, addressed to Lord Salis
bury, bas just appeared. Thompson don't
discuss pelagic sealing, but confines his
report to observations of seal life on Priby
lov Islands. He don't seem to have dis
covered any material decrease in the herd
last year, but adm'ts a marked decrease as
compared with 1892 Me finds the breed
ing grounds in line condition so far as an
abundance of male life is concerned, and
notes a large number of idle bull-. He
concedes that half of the dead pups on the
islands was dne to tbe killing of their
mothers in Bering Sea. This percentage
Is less than was assigned by Dr. Jordan.
He speaks in high terms'of the methods
of driving and killing the male seals by
the lessees, and states he bas no recom
mendations to suggest for improvement.
Although he don't consider the subject,
and denies there has been any alarming
decrease of the herd, the conclusion
reached from his observations point un
mistakably to a necessity for some modi
fication of existing relations. His con
clusion is:
"It is my duty to state lo your Lord
ship that there is still abundant need for
care and for prudent measures of conser
vation in the interests of all. The birth
rate, which we estimate at 143,000 per
annum, is not great in comparison with
the drain upon the stock from one cause
or another. A loss of over 20.000 is ex
perienced among the pups before they
emigrate to the sea, and. though dangers
they there encounter are unknown, we
may conclude that tbe risks ihey run are
great and the loss considerable. We can
not count on increase, and it is my earnest
hope tbat regard for common advantage*
may suggest measures of prudence which
shall keep the pursuit and slaughter of
the animal within definite bounds."
CHVISEK BROOK LXX ALL RIGHT.
Her Engines Worked Admirably in a
Long Sea Trial.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 29.—Com
niodoro Dewey, president of the Naval
Inspection board, telegraphed to-day from
Newport that the armored cruiser
Brooklyn had arrived there after forty
eight hours of final sea trial. He said tbe
trial was very satisfactory. The engines,
about the condition of which some ap
prehension had been felt, worked ad
mirably. It was thought that the
Brooklyn's accident in the Delaware River
last February hod disarranged ber
machinery.
Tbe Brooklyn will not remain in
European seas after participating in
iha naval ceremonies connected with the
Queen's Jubilee, but will return bringing
Rear-Admiral Milier, who has been de
tailed to represent this Government at
the Jubilee. ";;*;'
THE CHAM lit. H'S POSITION.
It Demands a Continuance of the
Hawaiian Iratu.
WASHINGTON. D. C. April 29. -Sena
tor Perkins received a te.egrani to-day
from Claus Spreckels of San Francisco
saving that Mr. Perkins was quoted as
saying in a San Francisco morning paper
that numerous commercial bodies, in
cluding the San ancisco Chamber of
Commerce, had protested against the ab
rogation of the Hawaiian reciprocity
treaty. Mr. Spreckels said that the Cham
ber of Commerce had given no such ex
pression.... *.;■-,.-.
Senator Perkins said to The Call corre
spondent that Mr. Spreckeis was mis
taken, and that he had received a tele
gram from Hugh Craig of the Chamber of
Commerce saying that the chamber "de
mand" that the treaty be continued in
force.
BART IS .it ti XII D.
Might Br Assistant Attorney. General
for the Court of Halm..
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 29.— W. H.
H. Hart said to The Call correspondent
to-night that he was here on legal busi
ness and politics both. rie admitted
frankly that be had been mentioned for
appointment as one of the Assistant At
torneys-General for the Court of Claims,
but said that be was in some doubt about
the advisability of being a candidate for
a place that would deprive him of a lucra
tive law business in San Francisco. "Be
sides," said he, - 'I understand that the
duties of the position are onerous and
irksome."
WORK OX IHE POSTOFFICE.
/* Will Commence Sat Later Than July
tpy"£ I, Otis _._..
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29.— At
last the supervising architect of the treas
ury has received the reports of engineer.*
who have bee:> making tests ot* the lot at
the corner of Seventh and Mission street.,
San Francisco. KRESS
Wuen asked for the report the architect
said it was merely technical.
He said that the work on the specifica
tions for bids for the excavation anu foun
dation would be advertised for on Jane 1;
that they would run for four weeks, and
that work on the building would be com
menced not later than July 1.
SENATORS X E'ER TOO OLD.
Connecticut Piatt Weds a Healthy Lady
and fau.es Surprise.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29.-Sen
ator Orville H. Piatt of Connecticut was
married here to-day to Mrs. Jennie H.
Hoyt, a lady who is reputed to be
wealthy. The marriage came as a sur
prise to most of Senator Piatt's friends,
as they bad considered him as beyond
the marrying age, he being in bis 70. h
year.
He was elected to the Senate in 1879
and bas been a member continuously
since that time. His present term will
expire in 1903. :*.
Pensions for tiforr.ian*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29.—Pen
sions have been granted as follows: Cali
fornia: Original — William A. Walker.
San Francisco; Thorpe Arnold, Santa
Cruz: George Porter, Oakland. Restora
tion and additional— C. Thomas
(dead), Pomona. Increas* — Henry E.
Newton, Los Angeles: Benjamin Hayes,
San Francisco.
Ransom Ha* Re.ignetl.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29.—Ran
som, the Minister to Mexico, called on
Secretary Sberman to-day. He says he
has tendered bis resignation, but it
haa not b?en accepted, although bis suc
cessor, .Powell Clayton, ha. been nomi
nated and confirmed. Ransom will not
return to Mexico.
CLAIM MOORES
IS INELIGIBLE
Omaha's Mayor-Elect
Charged With
Default.
Broatch Has Declined to
Give Way to His
Successor.
Much Political Trouble Will Be
Terminated Only In the
Courts.
OMAHA, Nebb'., April 29.— This city has
just passed through the throes of an ani
mated municipal > contost, and now an
excited Mayoralty* contest is threatened,
for William J. Broatch, the Mayor of
Omaha, will decline to surrender his
office to Colonel Frank E. Moores. whom
the Republicans elected last week over the
fusion of Democrats, Populists and Silver
Republicans. That fact has leased out,
and Moores* friends are indignant.
Mayor Broatch claims that Mr. Moores
is ineligible to the office of Mayor because,
as he asserts, Moores is in default ot public
money. He bases his claim upon section
2of article 16 of the Nebraska State Con
stitution, as follows: "Any person who is
in default as collector and custodian of
public money or property shall not be
eligible to any office of trustor profit under
the constitution or laws of tnis State; nor
shall any person convicted of felony be
eligible to office unless he shall have been
restored to civil rights." ; .'' _*~
The specific default to be alleged is Mr.
Mcores' failure to pay over money to the
school fund collected by him while he
was District Court clerk. He occupied
that position eight years. These charges
were made before the election, but vig
orously denied. Colonel Moorea demand
ed an investigation.
Mayor Broatch is now out of the city,
but will return before the expiration of
his term of office and will invoke the
aid of the courts if necessary to sustain
his claim »i to Mr. Moores' ineligibility.
Mayor Broatch has retained Frank T.
Hanson, C. C. Wright and J. B. Sheehan
as his attorneys. In the event that Mayor
Broatch should he sustained in his posi
tion lawyers differ as to the result. Some
claim that Mayor Broatch would hold un
til the next city election, in 1930, while
others that it will be necessary for the
City Council to call a special election.
The preponderance of authority, how
ever, seems to be that Broatch would hold
over until 1900. Mr. .--heehan was askeJ
concerning the above, and he frankly ad
mitted that it was substantially correct.
'Mr. Moores' right to hold the office,"
-aid Mr. Sheehan, "will be thoroughly
tested in tbe courts."
Colonel M.ores ie not much alarmed
over the situation. Ho says he will qual
ify and serve as Mayor, and Broatch is at
liberty to do what he legally can to pre
. ' '••- "* •-•'.-.'■•■.''■ .-, NEW TO-DAY . j, .*.* ."*, : '♦■ /.".-.; ;*_•'. "«i
HAVE THEIR USE THE SAME AS BIG SHIPS OR BIG SCHOOLHOUSES.
You would not look for a real big store on B.rnal Heights or elsewhere in the
suburbs — but at the entrance to the city, where 95 per cent of the travel and
traffic enters and leaves, it is very appropriate to have a store carrying a big stock and
big variety of goods. We chose this location because it was convenient for us and our
patrons, in and out of town. The jobbing trade finds it convenient to buy of us for
assorted orders, as well as general dealers and consumers, large and small— and in
return we are glad to place business with ell classes of manufacturers and traders.
Our seven floors are none too many for the stock we carry. On some of them we are
crowded for room and are forcing overstock at Cut Prices to make room tor goods
already bought.
Goblets, half dozen • • ■ ■ • 20c Sewing Machines • • • • • - $18"
These ar.> ribbed or fluted, good size: one , See what we say about them in yesterda.- _
d.lar ..ozen would Have been .heap for paper. Not room f.r a lon,- Talk. The.v
•em a f-w years ago. Ask for goblets »d- tell tnelr own story, and j ; is true. Only J
v. insert. few left at this marvelously low price.
Rolled Oats • • • .... . !^' , W'>*"- "- ". .oka
Ills hard.y fair to say It Is equal to 5c LlU,e J - ,U{ -J J - DltS m ' ' ' $-.90
trades eisewhere, and yet 'tis co good we - These are from 3to 8 with lonv pants, such
won .1 like you to try It as a cheap whole- * as the mother has paid from f 3 75 to 95 a
soma food product. suit for.
English B'u\ 6 fur - • •', - - 5c California Flannel, Red • • - . 25c
(.ne of the most noted makes, well known *, his «. wllhout ____> .__. >_... * *
in all Kn_.lL,. countries: one cent a pack- cv* r offered. The sea.on IsTate 'mV *
ttt ior 6 for Meddlers aud dealers sup- m.an bua.n.sa The offer .1 open to m«u"
****• j _,-, _ facturers and everybody else.
Metal Tei Trays • • • • • . 5c fapi .. f c atnnlflo ' * 1A
Yon ulve lßc for ihese a-. • closing-out" trtrpcL ■Villi'*.'"**. ...... |*Jg
pales. a d br»K of the bargan. They ars To-da? we close out the balance of our 25c
guou size and prettily stamped. We have and 35e one-* square Carpet {.atonies,
too many, Have you any . It you take all that are left it, la all right.
Ferris Hams - • • • •-•*. 12_.e Baby Bibs . ':vW.' . 
This is the tinest N. Y. cure; retails Ka.t vatvj UIUS -.•.■,•.;•,.• **""•
and West at 18_ The bacon is out, and These are big or little bibs and the pret-
we close the ham at price be.ow the cost of Host and best you . have seen, even at a
curia; and Imi orling. *. higher price. Fl«*a»» the baby.
TO YOU. TO HELP YOU.
Ox-blood Color Hose for Lacitog !5c caloric Vita on. 50 _ size _ ; 40c
J- 1 -} * ford » «r Sandals, child's 25c Castalilan, $1 size, Is mU!_m at ...85c
Ladi.s' House 8 ippers. s. vera kinds 50.* Complexion Soap, malted milk, .'...'.'.*."" 6c
M*n'af-B0 Russet > hoes, all size 9 $1.15 rig p.. f» c tion. fry if only a samj-1e™. ....... i__
Gir s- Rubber Overshoes, closing.. 10: Boned Herring. Beardsley'.*. beat....... ........ Xsc
_____*_&£. 8 • ruB --* 3 '--*. 3c Hire's Root Beer, el.her _i__^..lSc
Boys Wood Wheel a tons.. 14 c our i* Ines Table _ alt, pure. 10 lbs '. ..1-c
Bois' Drums, M« enonjtu maybe luc peeled lomato-s. a few casts left .........". 10.
Mens Warm Wool 3 u.ts, earn. ,{lB.OO j Bleed Apricots, a very line article!!......
SGooda delivered twice dally— any part city.
Gooda delivered twle" dally— any part cltjr.
.__________}• Free delivery to suburban towns.
taaeem I fIHBBBn/' Free deni>>usti-ation of foods dally.
___3mL yiiifniWs Tern and Coffee served free to all who call.
*^_B_-S__---**^^-*_-_-_SSg-Br / Parcels checked and Telephone Free.
- V^S®weSßHSw_r_______c^/ ' Dining-room on sixth floor.
r Ar' (mods packed and shipped everywhere*.
N *-_^j^^^^^!P^_X Please ask for our 40-page Hat.
Address— The Big Store at the Ferry— MARKET STREET.
vent it. Broatch Is a Republican, and
was defeated at the primaries for the Re
publican nomination.
FRIES D FOR t'OSTMASTER.
Agreed on by Hilbom and Perkins for
the Oakland Office. j 1 "
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29.— H.
Friend will be the next Postmaster of
Oakland. He has been the chairman of
the Alameda County Republican Com
mittee, and Representative Hil born has
decided to appoint bim.
A week ago The Call printed an inter
view with Pos'. master-General Gary, in
which he said that the Representative in
Congress would always be given the privi
lege of naming the postmasters in bis dis
trict, and that where the Senator and
Representative lived in the same city or
town they were exp. cted to reach a mu
tual agreement.
This is exactly the case with Senator
Perkins and Representative Hilborn.
Both live in Oakland. Many of tbe
Senators claim the right to name all of
the Presidential Postmasters. Especially
do they insist upon their right to appoint
the Postmaster for their own city, but
Mr. Perkins is disposed to be as liberal as
possible, and he -will acquiesce in Hil
born' selection of Frienu, who will be
nominated when the incumbent's term
expires.
IX THE SEX ATE.
Resolutions Adopted Demanding Light
on Several fubj'Cts.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 29.— 80 th
houses of Congress met to-day, but no
business was transacted except in the
Senate, where the conference committee
on the Indian appropriation bill was ap
pointed and the following resolutions
adopted:
By Quay— lnstructing the Secretary of
the Interior to investigate the lease of oil
lands made by the Seneca Indians of New
York, and report whether the lease was
procured illegally.
By Pettigrew— Directing the Commis
sioner of Labor to supply certain informa
tion as to white pine lumber, and the rela
tive cost of its production in the States
and Canada.
By Morgan — Requesting the President
to furnish copies of all the consular corre
spondence relating to the war fn Cuba
which have not already. been furnished.
Both houses adjourned until Monday.
FOR FREE COIXAGE.
! Senator Peitigr'se Introduces a Bill Pro
riding for It.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29.—Sen
ator Pettigrew to-day -Introduced a bill
opening tbe mints to the free coinage of
silver. It also provides for the coinage
of seignorage now in the Treasury »nd the
immediate issuance of silver certificates
airainst it.
No banknotes are hereafter to be issued
for a greater denomination than $10, and
greenbacks and United States notes are to
be redeemed In silver or gold, at the op
tion of the Treasury.
Cost nf the -Vet* Library,
WASHINGTON, D. 0., April 29.—
total cost of the new Congressional .Li
brary, according to the report of Superin
tendent Green, lias been $6,032,125, which
includes $06,117 'or works of art nnd $585.
--000 for the >i:e. The orlcinal estimate of
eleven years ago was $6,000,000.
Congressman Henderson Very 111.
WASHINGTON, D. 0.. April 29.— Tbe
condition of Representative Henderson of
Dubuque. lowa, is reported to be criti
ical. Fears for the worst . are enter
tained. Amputation o. the injured leg
above the knee is said to be the only thing
that can stive him.SERIOUS COOLIE
RIOT AT SHANGHAI
They Strike Against an
Increased Tax on
Labor.
The Police Are Routed by an
Immense Mob Armed
With Clubs.
Marines From English and Ameri
can Warships Landed to Aid
the Authorities.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 29.—
steamer Empress of China brings news of
a serious riot which occurred at Shanghai
on April 5. Over 1000 wheelbarrow coolies
had gone on strike following the an
nouncement tbat the local authorities had
increased the rate ot taxes paid yearly by
laborers. On that day 800 excited coolies,
followed by a crowd of angry sympa
thizers, marched from the French conces
sion into the Anclo-American settlement
and started disturbances. The police were
unable to cope with them, seeing which
the city authorities had the volunteer
militia called out. Several alarm _.i_.nals
were given, heeding which marines were
landed from the British warships Plover
and Linnet and the United States gunboat
Monocacy.
The marines were stationed at the Cen
tral police station, the British Consulate
and other important posts. The Shang
hai Clubhouse was made the headquarters
of the defensive force and the volunteer
artillery company prepared for action on
the Cathedral grounds. The city bridges
and important streets were guarded by a
company of volunteer infantry and the
light-horse cavalry. The coolies, armed
with bamboo c.ubi and a small number of
guns, formed in line as if for an attack,
hut the militia drove them back. Heavy
guards were maintained ail night.
At 10 p. M. a crowd of rioters began
stoning a company guarding the Yang-
King- Pang River brid. c. Re-enforcements
<• ime up and the rioters were driven into
Frenchlown, where they sought refuge in
several isolated hous.s. The ringleaders
were there? arrested.
The following day the Municipal Coun
cil met and decided to postpone for three
months the increasing ol the tax rate,
foreign residents think this action a mis
take and that further troubles will result
from it. The victorious coolies have re-'
turned to work.
THEATRICALS AT STANFORD.
"The Conversion of Unc.e" Brings Out
Much College Talent and Highly
Pleases the Audience.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
19 —The junior farce entitled "The Con
version of Uncle" was given before a large
and appreciative audience in the gymna
sium this evening. Tne play deals with a
curious phase of the football problem ;
which, though important, has not b.en
touched upon in any "ot the preceding
farces. Harry . Hunter, lett tackle and
captain of the Varsity eleven, is forbidden
to play football by bis parents, who have
a horror ol the game. He continues to
play, however, and in a fitof independence
cv s loose from his family an.l starts out
to work his own way throueb the univer
sity. His uncle Jason, a wealthy old
Ar.zona rancher, is sent to bring the
apirited young man home. As the uncle
has not seen bis nephew. Hunter, for sev
eral years, and having fallen into the
hands of some college wits, he meets with
great difficulty in locating the football
player.
Matters are further complicated by an
interesting love affair, in which the inter
est. of the old and young men collide.
l'.efore the play ends Uncle Jason wit
nesses a hot football game. The element
of danger which enters the game appeals
strongly to him and he is convened mio
a pronounced footfall enthusiast. This
conversion brings about a happy settle
ment, with the nephew ahead in the love
affair.
W. "il. Irwin '98 wrote the farce. The
characters of Uncle Jason, James Keats
Poole and Mrs. Gwendolyn Fernald were
excellently drawn. The football proposal
in the last act was ._ c.ever idea and was
skillfully enacted by Miss V. H.arne and
George Francis.
Walter Mcintosh took the part of Uncle
Jason most acceptably. He has had con
siderable experience in amateur perform
ances, and was thus enabled to correctly
curry out the idea of the author.
Miss Hallie Hyde as Mrs. Gwendolyn
Fernald and Mcintosh appeared on the
Stage frequently together and were al
ways equal to the dramatic situations.
Miss Hyde made up well and her voice is
under excellent control.
Georg* H. Francis took the part of
Harry Hunter, the Varsity hero. He
made the most of his character, and was
especially good in the football proposal.
Miss Florence Jones as Bessie Brooks, an
impulsive -'prep.," made a good im
pression, as did also Miss M. "Main as
Sft A Nenton of San Francisco.
Th. minor characters were all well en
acted. Much of the success of the per
formance is due Mrs. Lannstroff of the
Columbia School, who recently coached
the actors. Tbe cast of characters is as
follows:
Harry Hunter, a Varsity hero in relnced clr-
CDmsiauces O.H. Francis
Hon. Jason Tubbs of Arizona Waller Mcintosh
James Keats Poole, a Sequoia bardlet, also in
reduced circumstances Harry I euet
Clarence B.ogks. Stanford : 99... .George H. Busch
Bjtfjft Simpson. - ~lan:ord students, /G. W. Busch
- waiters at Man-J
I'.fll-Thocnpion. J zatuta Springs.. ( LB.Spenrcr
Jack Blount ") U. CL s ude.iis, / Ai. I'.obinsoii
r waiters at Man- J
led southard. .j zsniia Springs.. . .11. S.aden
Mabel Maraden, Stanfo d '9s
....'- -Miss Virginia Hearne
Mrs. Gwendolyn i'eruald, a stern duenna.
*----'• - Miss 11. Hyde
Bessie Brooks, a "prep" Miss .Florence Jones
ell »nton of san Irancisco. -larylyn Alain
lo Give _ L- dure nurse at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., April
29.— Rev. Edwin L. Parsons of Menlo
Park has been engaged to give a lecture
course at Stanford next semester. He
will be associated with Professor Griggs
in the department of ethics. Rev. Mr.
Parsons is a graduate of Yale University.
San Rafael's I'oor Farm.
SAN RAFAEL. Cal., April 29.— Mrs.
James Saunders was yesterday appointed
superintendent of the Marin County
Poor Farm by the Board of Supervisors.
Mrs. Saunders was matron and her hus
band Superintendent. His death left the
position vacant. Several applications for
the position ' were filed with the Super
visors.
on Tamalpais Summit.
MILL VALLEY. _ Cal., April 29.— A
party of the directors and stockholders
of th . Tamalpais Scenic Road remained
over night on the- summit and returned
this morning. The party consisted of
President Sidney E. dishing, Vice-Presi
dent David McKay, ex-Mayor E. B. Pond,
Lovell White, William C. B. de Fremery,
C. R. Eager, C. F. Runyon, Prison Di
rector Daniel E. . Hayes. John Taylor. E.
E. Grey, C. E. Green and William C. Sav
age. _ *"
EPWORTH CONVENTION ENDS.
Closing Session Opened With a Sunrise
Prayer Meeting at San Jose — New
Officers Eh c 'cd.
SAN JOSE. Cal., April 29.— mem
bers of the Ep worth League convention
commenced the day's exercises with a sun
rise prayer meeting in St. James Paik.
There was increased interest and attend
ance at all the sessions, and many interest
in*: papers were read and discussed.
The opened in the First
Methodist Church at 9 o'clock with a
prayer and praise service led by Rev, F. K.
Baker. This was followed by a conference
on personal evangelism, tho text of dis
cussion being, "He that winneth souls is
wise." T c following programme was
then carried out:
Address, "The Passion for Soul-Winning,"
Rev. K. V.Fisher; paper, "The Soul-Winner's
Spiritual Preparation." Miss Lottie Grant,
_Hnta Cruz; address, "The Soul-Winner's In
tellectual Preparation," Professor Hunt, Col
lege Park; vecal solo: paper, "The Soul-Win
ner's Method of Work," Robert J. Craig. Berry
ess*; paper, "Young Men, Can They Be
Reached and Held by the Church?" G. B. Cliff,
Santa Cruz; address, "Consecration for Per
sonal Evangelism," Rev. W. W. Case of San
Francisco.
At the afternoon session the subject of
"The Christian Sabbath: Its Meaning
and Observance" was discussed. A talk
on missionary work by Rev. F. J. Masters
was followed by a short business session.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year:
President, Professor R. D. Hunt, College
Newly Elected Officers of the Grand Par'or, N. S. G. W_, Installed at Redwood City
Yes erday.
Park; first vice-president, Harry Winston, Pa
citic Grove; -cond vice-president, Miss Lottie
Grant, Santa Cruz; third vice-president,
Chailes Coyle, Los Gates; fourth vice-presi
dent, Miss Una Fowler, Palo Alto; recording
secretary. Miss J. Hovey, San Francisco; treas
urer, J. J. Bennetts. San Jose; junior superin
tendent, Miss E. P. Ltoya, Pacific Grove.
At 3:30 o'clock the delegates visited the
University of the Pacifii, wbere they were
tendered a reception by the faculty and
th . students.
The Epworth Leaguers finished their
work this evening. At 7:30 o'clock a se
ries of street meetings were held. Praise
services were held at the First Methodist
Cburch, after which the convention ser
mon wa_ delivered by Rev. E. P. Dennett
of Santa Rosa.
A large number of the delegates will
visit Mount Hamilton and other points of
interest about the city to-morrow.
KVSKOETt m ms fries/*.
Sat. Jose s"outh 'Jradt-s Hia Hatch for
a Oold Hriek.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 29.— Kenneth
Frary, a young man residing in East San
Jose, was arrested to-day on a charge of
obtaining a gold watch worth $20 from
Frank G.fford upon false pretenses. Gil
ford claims that he traded bis watch to
Frary for a lump of metal represented to
be gold, melted in order to destroy the
identity of tbe original jewelry. Frary is
said to have claimed that a jeweler passed
upon the metal as genuine gold, and al
though it was worth more he was willing
to let it go for the watch because Gifford
was his friend.
After the trade Gifford weighed the glit
tering mass, and according to the stand
ard value of gold it was worth $..52. He
then had it tested and it proved to be cop
per and brass— of no value at all.
Frary was released on $100 bail pending
his trial, and later the case was dismissed
on the defendant paying the. costs.
Committed to Agnews Asylum.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. April 29.— Louis Sten
ari, a laborer who his been employed in
this valley for a number of years, was
committed to Agnews Insane Asylum to
day. He is suffering from acute melan
cholia and imagines that he is afflicted
with a great deal of trouble. Stenari is a
native of Italy, aged 43 years.
l'etaluma Odd Fellows Celebrate.
PETALUMA, Cal.. April 29.— Petaluma
Lodge No. 30. I. 0. O. F., on Monday
night last celebrated the seventy-eighth
anniversary of Odd Fellowship with ap
propriate ceremonies, visiting Odd Fel
lows and RebeKahs taking part in the en
tertainment, one feature of which was the
elaborate floral decora ion. A very inter
esting programme was rendered." Tbe
celebration concluded with a dare*.
Sat.malito J'oolroomt Again.
SAUSALITO, Cal., April 29. -The pool
room men, as announced exclusively in
The Call some time ago, will return to
Sausalito, and arrangements have been
comniefed by them to commence business
on the 15. of May. There is a town ordi
nance against the business, but the pool
men intend to fight it. Four firms have
already engaged quarters.
TO CI'KE A COLD IN ONE DAT.
Take l_iative Quinine Tablets. Alldrug
tists leiuud the mouey 11 it laiU to curd, 2oc
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1897.
GRAND PARLOR
ELECTS OFFICERS
Native Sons Asked to
Aid the Lincoln
Monument.
All Secret Work Ordered
Destroyed by the
President.
Resolutions of Thanks to Redwood
City Preceded the Final '
Adjournment.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., April 29.—
After yesterday's outing and last night's
pleasures of the dance at tbe Pavilion the
delegates to the twentieth Grand Parlor,
Native Sons, were ready this morning to
engage earnestly in the work of the session.
The grand president presented the fol
lowing letter to the session:
San- Francisco. April 28, 1897.
Henry C. Gesford, Grand President X. S. G. W.
My Dear Sir: It has just occurred, to me
that it would be a nice thing lor the Grand
I Parlor to follow the example of the G. A. R. at •
| Salinas and Indorse the p. an of the Lincoln
i Monument League to raise tun is by popular
I subscription all over the Pacific Coast, said
monument to De erected In Golden Gate Park.
We also purpose Inaugurating a school Lin
coln day all over the country. On the 28th of
May we propose decorating our schooinouses,
and singing songs and reciting appropriate
selections, thus making Lincoln nay a his- i
toric object-lesson day for our chlllreti.
As you know the G. A. R. is wholly non
partisan, hence the public can be assured that
the Lincoln League has not the remotest con
nection with any party organization. Indeed,
by looking at the composition of our advisory
board on this letterhead, you need no further
guarantee.
Our State encampment indorsed the league
and recommended It to the attention oi the
various posts. Can you not do the same, so
that we can officially communicate to your
various parlors, through your grand presi
dent to be elected? Fraternally,
W. .v. Stone,
President Lincoln Monument League, 322
Haight street, Pan Francisco.
In connection with the foregoing the
following resolution was introduced and
referred to the committee on state of the
order:
Whereas, The Grand Army of the Republic
of tul* State has formed an association lor the
purpose of raising funds by popular subscrip
tion wherewith to erect a monument to the
memory of Abraham Lincoln in Golden Gate
Park; therefore be it
Retolved, By this Grand Parlor, that -we
heartily indorse the objects of this patriotic
movement, and, having confidence in the
loyalty, fraternity and integrity of the
G. A. R. as sponsors of this movement, we
hereby authorize our grand president to for
ward, through his office, such information
and official business as he may deem neces
sary for the best interests of ourorder and the
furthering of the patriotic intention of the
Lincoln Monument League.
There was discussion to-day on the
proposition to extend the order to other
States than California. Of course, only
those who were born in this Stato will be
eligible to membership, but the fact was
recognized that many prominent young
people of Californian birth have emigrated
to ad joining and distant States, and it is
proposed to bring them Into tbe fold and
recognize their existence as native Cali
fornians.'
The following resolutions were adopted:
Resolved, That it shall be and is hereby made
the duty of the deputy grnnd president, who
shall be Appointed by the incoming grand
president, to collect and destroy every copy of
the secret work iv his district on or before
July, 1897, the secret work to be herealter
known as the unwritten work of the order.
Resolved, That there shall be added to the
obligation a prohibition against printing,
writing or inditing any portion of the secret
work. •
The following resolution was offered by
H. C. Lichtonberger of Ramona Parlor
No. 109, and adopted by the* parlor:
Whereas, Under the existing laws of our
State the National Guard of the State < f Cali
fornia is compelled to turn out in parade but
one day in the year, to wit, on the 4th day of
July ; and wtiereas.we believe the State Govern
ment of California should take a more promi
nent recognition of Admission day than by
the simple declaration of a legal holiday,
be It . "
Resolved, That it is the sense of this Grand
Parlor that a measure be introduced in the
next Legislature providing lor the turning out
ln parade of our State militia on the 9th of
September of each year.
The committee consisting of C. M. E.
MiLauehlin. J. W. F. Diss and Finlay
Cook, appointed for the purpose of ex
plaining to the members of Mission Par
lor No. 38 the reasons for the action of the
Grand Parlor in refusing to purchase
stock in the Mission Parlor building, sub
mitted a report setting forth tbat the legal
right to make such purchase did not exist.
- Guy P. Huil -was elected by a unani
mous vote as one of the. seven grand
trustees. Mr. Hull is a resideni of Red
wood City and his election was in accord
ance with the custom of electing one
member of the board from Hie town
where the Grand Parlor meets. Balloting
for the remaining five trustees followed.
The contest was vigorous. Spirited nom
inating hpeechea were made.
Louis Byington and Joseph Hawkins,
of San Francisco, FranK Saoicbi of Los
Angeles, and F. A. Cutler of Eureka each
received a majority of all the votes cast,
and four more trustees — making six of the
seven — were declared elected.
There were some exciting incidents jnst
before the vote was taken for the seventh
member of the board. Many of the dele
gates had gone to dinner, supposing that
all tbe trustees were cnoscn. . Runners
were sent to the hotels, restaurants and
barber-shops to summon the absentees.
Delegate** resisting the summons were
(alien by main force to the Alharabra.
There were three candidates running al
most even. "When the ballots were counted
it was found that no choice bad resulted,
ana recess.was taken until 8 o'clock. •_'*"-
During the session to-day the Dinkel
speii resolution for a special per capita tax
for the grand organizer was defeated.
The committee to whom was referred
the reports of Grand Secretary Lunstedt
and Grand Treasurer Martin reported that
the examination had been made as di
rected and tbat the reports were found
correct.
The election of R. C. Rust of Amador as
grand orator is regarded in onejaense as
quite an achievement for John F. Davis,
who managed Rust's campaign with skill
and earnestness, and made an effective
nominating speech..
Ed J. Harris, M. B. Merritt and P. E.
Zabala have be_.un the campaign in behalf
of Salinas for the Grand Parlor of 1899.
Tbe praises of Salinas have been sounded
in the ears of many delegates, and numer
ous promises of support at Nevada City in
1898 have been secured.
. Balloting for the seventh grand trustee
was resumed immediately after the parlor
convened for the evening session. H. R.
McNoble of Stockton received 95 votes
and was delared elected. The parlor pro
ceeded to the installation of the newly
elected grand officers. Clark, the grand
president, being absent, was installed by
proxy.
Resolutions were adopted thanking the
generous people of Rid wood City for the
kindness and public spirit manifested in
the reception and entertainment of the
Native Sons and the "Grand Parlor then
adjourned. When the delegates lilea out
of the Alhambra to form for the march to
Germania Hall, wbere the banquet was
served, tue crowds on Main ana Bridge
streets were dense. The turnout of visi
tors and residents was the largest of the
week and the enthusiasm of the multitude
attained the highest degree.
An exception was made to the usual rule
of presenting the retiring grand president
with a jewel, and Mr. Gesford to-night
was presented with a gold watch and
chain. Tbe presentation speech was made
to the retiring grand president by Joseph
Sprout. Joseph F. Coffey was toastma*
ter and responses were made to these
toasts: *.'*;.'" •"■
"Grand Parlor," John T. Greany; "Our
Order," Judge R. C. Rust; "Our Flaes,"
Judge J. F. Davis; "Redwood City," Phil
McAvoy; "Nevada City," L. S. Calkins;
"County Parlors," Henry Hall; "Native
Daughters," Frank Kerrigan; "Santa
Rosa," C. O. Dunbar; "State of Califor
nia." Frank L. Coombs.
The banquet bad go and snap about it
from the start, and the enthusiasm could
hardly be restrained until the regular
order was reached. The affair took the
turn of a patriotic demonstration with
many grand tributes to the State of Cali
fornia in particular. The speeches of Ges
ford and Coombs touched the top mark of
eloquence and evoKed cheers from the
throng of banqueters.
In addition to the regular toasts
Fletcher A. Cutler responded to "Our
Country" and Judge McLaughlin of
Plumas to "The Bir." *_-..'.
Among the citizens cf Redwood who
contributed in a measure to the success of
all tbe functions of the week may be men
tioned Phil McAvov, Philip Prmcevalle,
T.H.Ramsay, Dr. Stafford, Guy P. Hull,
W. J. Plump, Arc' ie Kincaid, Herman
Stieaberg, Clarence Hay wards and L. J.
Frank. ."_...... :-',.'.'"..
Sautalito Saloon Ordinance.
SAUSALITO, Cal., April 29. — The
Board of Town Trustees has introduced a
resolution, which will be passed regu
larly next Monday night, providing that
saloons shall tile an application wilh tbe
town authorities beforo a license. will be
granted allowing them to dispose of liquor
in Sausalito. .'.The Trustees bave come to
the conclusion that the saloon business is
being overdone in this town and some
restrictions must be in force to keep out
the oisreputable plnces.
Tulare's Largest Butter Shipment,
TULARE, Cal., April 29.— The largest
shipment of butter that ever left Tulare
County was . yesterday shipped from Tu
lare to Los Angeles. The consignment
amounted to 1053 pounds. It was the
product of the Zumwalt creamery, owned
by D. K. Zum wait of Visalia. : -
RECOVERING FROM
WOUNDS AND SHOCK
Victims of the Sanger
Maniac Are Out of* :
Danger.
Only the Charred Trunk of
Brooks' Body Is
Found. '
An Acquaintance Tells of the
Peculiarities of the Love-
Crazed Man.
FRESNO, Cal., April 29.— The condi
tion of Mrs. David Quails, who, with her
daughter, had such a terrible experience
on Tuesday night north of Sanger with
James Brooks, was much improved to
day. She has recovered from the shock,
and the gunshot wound in her arm is de
veloping favorable symptoms. Dr. Jacobi
of Centerville, who is attending her, con
siders her to be out of danger. Miss
Quails' injury was of no serious conse
quence.
Upon a moment's reflection the deeds of
the insane lover on that terrible night re
solve themselves into one of the most
tragic episodes in criminal history.
The mad 'love for the girl which had
been entirely unreciprocated, prompting
the ii-.'iidi-h resolution of Brooks; his
attempt first to set fire to the house in
which the family were asleep to consign
them to a horrible death ; then his stealthy
entrance into the borne at the dead hour
of night to wreak destruction of life, and
lastly the manner in which he brought
about his own end, all combine to show
that none other but a maniac could enter
tain such awful thoughts.
The experience which Mrs. Quails and
her daughter passed through was one. of
greatest terror. Concerning the man
Brooks, something was learned of bis
character by Tue Call correspondent to
day.
Al "Woodward, now of this city, but
formerly deputy constable at Sanger, near
which place the tragedy was enacted,
knew the man probably better than any
one else did in the county.
"Brooks was a peculiar fellow," said
Woodward, "and one would never have
thought that be nad the nerve to do what
he did on Tuesday night. He was of a re
tiring disposition and given very much to
sulking. He spoke very little and was
very suspicious of everybody. His com
plexion was dark, unusually so, and bis
character was well represented by bis
color. He was a hard-working man and
never drank to amount to anything, but
would occasionally gamble.
"I always considered the fellow a thor
ough coward — one who would be afraid of
the dark. Brooks was a distant relative
of the Quails, and it was for this reason
that they put up with bis unreasonable
attentions to Miss Neoma more than they
should have done."
All that was left of the remains in the
ruins of the barn where the body of
Brooks was cremated was the trunk. The
head and limbs bad been burned com
pletely to ashes. Bits of the charted
flesh were picked up. and placed in the
coffin with the trunk of the body. The
remains were interred in Mountain View
cemetery.
Coroner Long, who is also a doctor,
picked up the pieces of the remains and
had some difficulty in segregating them
from the bones of an animal which had
been lying on tho ground directly where
Brooks had shot himself on the hay mow.
Miss Neoma Quails, for the desperate
love of whom Brooks was spurred to
murder, is reported to be engaged to be
married to Frank Hutchings, who works
on a neighboring farm. After the maniac's
nerve gave way and he expressed bis sor
row for having hurt her, he said he "could
not bear to see her go with Frank Hutch
ings."
The Call's account of the tragedy this
morning was the only accurate one in the
San Francisco papers.
TRESS OFFICIALS COX FUR.
Crusade Against Chines* Lotteries to
Ite Inaugurated.
FRESNO, CaI., April 29.— City Trus
tees bad a conference with the Police
Department to-day in regard to enforce
ment of ordinances in this city. The
meeting was held behind closed doors,
but it is understood that an expressed de
sire of the Councilmen that the officers
inaugurate a crusade against the Chinese
lotteries was favorably received. These
lotteries have been running for several
years in Fresno and off and on half
hearted steps have been taken to close
them. Nothing more than a temporary
observance of the law was ever effected.
It is said that the police officers assured
the trustees that th y would use every
effort to stop the iliicit games.
Of course the authorities have odds to
work against. The places where the
drawings are held are so well barricaded
that interference on the part of the offi
cers has always been a difficult matter.
The Chinese are very cunning and sly,
and it is not easy to catch them selling
tickets. Five or s'x games have been
running in Chinatown and have been a
great evil, many white people, and even
women and children, patronizing them.
SAXDERS' TRIAL, CLOSED.
The Celebrated Case Hill Go to the Jury
To-liay.
FRESNO, Cal., April 29.— T0-morrow
morning the jury will begin to wrestle
with tbe question of the guilt of W. A.
Sanders of the charge of forging William
Wootton'i- name to a $1400 draft. In this
is involved the solution of the great mys
tery which surrounds the disappearance
of Wootton from the extensive ranch in the
foothills near Reedley about a two years
ago. • The taking of testimony in the trial,
which has been : proceeding before Judge
Carroll Cook in the Superior Court for the i
past three weeks, was concluded yester
day at noon and the arguments were then
begun. District Attorney Snow and S. J.
Hinds snoke for the "prosecution and
Frank H. Short for the defense, .otne
brilliant arguments being rcade. They
finished to-night, and to-morrow morning
Judge Cuok will charge the jury.
Theological Graduate to Wed.
SAN ANSELMO. Cal., April 29.—Ar
thur Barnhisel, who graduated from the
San Francisco Theological ,- Seminary
yesterday, will be married to Miss Olive
McCloskey '.at Merced, May 5." Rev. Mr.
Barnhisel has, received a call to the Los
Oatos Presbyterian church. -
Marin County lrachert' Institute.
TOM ALES. Cal., April 29.— The Marin
County Teachers' Institute will commence
at this place on May 3. The exercises will
beheld at Odd Fellows' Hall. Superin
tendent Robert Furlong will conduct tbe
affairs of the institute.
NEW TO-DAY-CLOTHING.
' ~mm\ BST A ■_-. -mar i ji -%_ _ a 'ansa -_r __*-.
/VI A *■___ 7 IAVI
/Vl A V E I A V f
I" IA I \\mJjT\. I •
Right on the threshold of May, the most beautiful
of all months in California, and thrice lovely will we
make it by our merry May Bargain Festivals.
May will be one continuous round and scene of
bargain festivals of a high-class order of course. Not
poor stuff— poor stuff can't find any shelf room or
counter room in the Big Kearny- Street Store, but what
you will be offered during May will be values of a high-
class order, of which the following is a fair sample:
§% May Day
■m|\ Sailors.
\U.)V___ I^T**. \ Some 300 pretty little Sailor
\M!IpX-_J^*_-s3^-*«fV Suits, made from fine Blue
\*W\ I Cheviot, deep sailor collar, in-
cfTji //? eluding an extra pair of Middy
/ / | Trousers, and including a
I A i pretty Sailor Straw.
\J \ \ The whole outfit, the little
mM Sailor Suit, the Middy Trous-
mm "H ers and the Sailor Hat, just for
tjf IHI Friday and Saturday, at
J I $2.45.
May Day - jiL^-^
Midshipmen. jS^^t \
mmmmmWfc'lA* I \ I.
Some 500 of the very swellest Jja^mmmm\ V- a *^|k Wt
of Blue English Twill Cheviot "H^Bi ] iiL:^ir^^^Wi *, S.
Suits, a long trousers affair, 7fW'\^m.S 18^^"^^.^^ 9®
Midship-mite it is called, for '.&•■* S^ tiSwSli.w'^ '» •• •
lads between the ages of 3 and JmJtWmm^^mW &s^^tt; ':j
10 ; a cute, cunning, a sweet I jlis§Sffl^ H^^_S^ "S,
little Summer costume for lit- I ' |flM___P '^P-^^l^ '•*•' I
tie fellows, handsomely trim- I l^__^ ll|f§ !^^^j i S|
mccl; some with red soutache, I |^/^\ .l^ilSilV^iM
white soutache or black sou- \ I fMff|L WM W<wWW
tache; $s is tlie price. \ V^__f __K^?lW P-fl l.l^liil^^
Our price Friday aiul Satur- \1 «g >t^\.
$2.50. [\ V_i#
May Day
_A^f * Brownies.
/mm if ' jL^^^i^^^^yu The Brownie is such a big
I / y_f-^ .^^ \ seller with us that we really
I J^r'^ 1 should not cut it; it's one ofthe
I "■"** li\\ I "^^ sellers of the season; the
Egg fj. c|fe__. / picture opposite shows it ; moth-
-55^ jMM J?^^^y 6rs aani^ re it because it dresses
i%./f \\\ -***** I >^S^7 ie little fellow up so completely
\,ify i fi-. Jy and so quickly ; no fol-de-rols
\ "W' necessary, but the moment the
\ ' I little trousers and vest are on,
\ \ / and then the little jacket, the
\ jb, j little fellow is dressed com-
wh V x J> pletely from head to foot.
M ■! We have selected from some of
»__f _J B the $6 and $5 grades, and, on
mm* *yIW Friday and Saturday we shall
IK I \*\\ let you have your pick at
J£ . ffl $3.95 -
May Day Hats. f —
In the Hat Department to-day we. will have i-*__________i_-^
the new block of the Alpine on sale, a very swell "t^L^SI $1
affair for boys, in brown, black, silver gray, and y^r j>
many other pretty shades. It's what you'll pay issS__L f
$1.50 for in most stores.
Just for to-day and Saturday on sale at > "'^r\
— 75c — *T*
r^> May Day Straws.
3 For big and little fellows. There's a big lot
\^J- of 'em to-day and Saturday, the very prettiest
things in Sailors, and the straight brims for big
V^S__.-!r^. boys are perfect dreams ; they are all 'W goods ;
some 75c goods among 'em.
s^^s Friday and Saturday at
— 25c —
__. *V !____■__! m__B mW J9W' —~ smW %
mmmmmmMmmm. LmWrnV mmmumm. mmWmf MmmW Ammmf ' " * mm\mW JmmmW mmmTmf SmmsWt _____T \m%/ m*mm\ S \am\\m\\m\f
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
FRISCO'S MOST POPULAR HOUSE. .
ITS POPULARITY GROWS OVER XI GHT
34
CAPTURED AFTER
A FIERCE FIGHT
Murderer Lugo Is Taken
by a Brave Pomona
Officer.
Night Battle in Which the
Desperado Tries to Use
a Dirk.
A Large Reward Offered for the
Criminal, Who Is Taken to
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cm.., April 29.— A*
criminal by the name of Lugo,, alias
Frank Leveda, who has been sought lor
by officers in many parts of California, is
now in the county jail here. Lugo was
arrested last night near Pomona by
Deputy Sheriff Slanker, and the tempor
ary charge against the prisoner is petty
larceny. Lugo made a desperate resist
ance against bis arrest and had bis head
well pummeled for bis rashness.
The prisoner is wanted by the Sheriff
and Supervisors of Mono County and tbe
Governor of the State for no less a crime
than that of murder, committed in 1b"92,
wben he shot in cold blood a man named
T. H. Leahy, employed on the ranch of J.
N. Evans.
Lugo was captured by the Mono County
officers, but escaped from them, stole a
horse and disappeared. The Supervisors
of Mono County offered $300 reward.
Evans, the employer of the murdered
man, offered $600 and Governor Markbam
set aside $200 for Lugo's capture.
It was learned that Lugo was in this
part of the State, and the officers began
to look out for h»m. He was finally cap
tured at San Bernardino, but again he
escaped. Later he stole a racehorse at
Fullerton, in Orange County, valued at
$300, and has since been living in the foot
hills.
Last night he was located definitely at a
place where he was visiting. Lugo had
his horse in the barn and was in the
house when the officer arrived. Blanker
entered the barn, removed the horse to
another place and took his stand just out
side the door to await the coming of his
man. Lugo entered the door carrying in
his band a fourteen-inch dirk-knife. As
he entered Blanker struck him to the
ground. The officer then proceeded to
handcuff Lugo, when he attempted to rise.
Seeing that the man was about to get the
better of him, the officer, having dropped
his own gun, drew Lugo's from his scab
bard and hit him twice more, thus over
powering him.
Sheriff Hays of Mono County has been
notified of the capture and will send offi
cers to take the prisoner north. Deputy
Sheriff .flanker's capture is the talk of the
officers and the town, and he will get the
$1100 offered for Lugo's capture.
LOS jiOfflt.. MAX'S (TOES.
Claims to Be the Victim of His Former
Wife's Hatred.
LOB ANGELES, Cat,, April 29.— Robert
McGregor, a newspaper man, claims to be
the victim of the hatred of his former
wife. The custody of the child was award
ed to the mother. McGregor was of
•'loitering" habits. b?ing at one time con
fined at Highlands Asylum for imbriety.
After remaining there for several months
he was released. He now claims that he
is never allowed to visit the child, and to
day he petitioned the court to set aside
certain times when he may be allowed
such privileges. Mrs. McGregors attor
ney contended that he is not a fit person
into whose care the child can with safety
be intrusted for even a few hours.
Judge . Smith deprecated the circum
stances which caused such a condition of
affairs and advised the father and mother
to come to some amicable settlement of
the matter, without the intervention of
the law. The matter is not yet settled.
MILITARY i:.--CAMI'MEXT.
Brigade Affair to Be Held Some Time
in August.
LOS ANGELES, Cai.., April 29.— The
rank and file of the National Guard are
anticipating with a great deal of interest
tne military encampment during the ■
com in c summer. Colonel Berry said to- :
day tbat the encampment would be a
brigade affair.
Tbe military which will participate will j
be all of the companies of tbe Seventh |
Infantry Regiment, two troops of cavalry j
and the Signal Corps. One of the cavalry
troops in the Third Regiment is located
at Salinas, from which point tbe troop
will make a military practice march, thus :
saving the railroad tnres of its members j
and tbeir animals. The encampment will
be held some time in August and will be '
continued through ten days. Brigadier- j
General Last and Colonel John . R. Berry !
will meet next wee!, and decide upon the j
exact time and location lor the encamp
ment.
SICE FOIST OF LAW.
Lot Angeles Incendiary Withes to Re
tract His Confession. - ■
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 29.— A nice
point of law was raised in department 1 of
the Superior Court to-day. The story of
the burning of John Baxters house at
Duarte and the subsequent confession of
Ezra Cokanour is still fresh in the public
mind. It now seems thai Ezra wishes he
had not confessed. By his attorney he
has moved to set aside the information
upon which he ie to be tried.
He claims he never had any examina*
tion before the magistrate who held him
to answer to the Superior Court, and that
the law requires that such an examina
tion shall be held. On tbe other band,
the District Attorney claims that the
•■ written confession which Cokanour made,
■ coupled with tbe fact that he waived his
j rights, fulfilled the requirements of the
! law respecting such examination. The
I matter was taken under advisement.
RECOVERS FROM JHE RAILROAD.
Corey C. lngrls Awarded $20,280 Dam- I
age* by a Jury.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. April 29. — Corey C.
Ingels, an orchardist, wbo was injured in
a railway collision near Santa Clara, about
fifteen months ago, was awarded $20,280
damages by a jury in Judge Hyland's
court to-day.
Only two of the jurors dissented, and
they favored awarding Ingels a lew thou
sand dollars less. The trial lasted seven
days and was remarkable in that, al
though judgment was sought for $75,000,
noi a legal objection, was made to any of
the evidence offered by either side.
Ingels resides near Gilroy and hasa wife
and one child. Since the accident be has
been compelled to. use crutches, and it
was the contention of his attorneys that
his injuries are permanent.
GETS TART OF BIS CLAIM.
End of a Stubbornly Contested Case at
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 29.— The suit of
J.J.Ryan against Sylvester Newhall, a
wealthy orchardist, to recover $1281 25 on
the assignment of Dr. William T. Mizner
of San Francisco ended to-day, a jury
bringing in a verdict for $750.
The claim was stubbornly contested, as
the defense contended tbat Dr. Mizner
tendered his services and then failed to
benefit Sylvester Newhali, wboat the time
had a stroke of apoplexy. Dr. Mizner
claimed that be saved Newhall's life and
that he performed the services at the re
quest of a son of the defendant. The trial
lasted five days.
FAMILY JAR AT STOCKTON.
A Neglected Wfe Knocks a Cigarette
. Out of Her Husband's Mouth
With a Bullet.
1 STOCKTON, Cal., April 29.— Shortly
before 8 o'clcck this evening the police
patrol wagon was called to the residence
of Frederick C. Rothenbush, near the
c corner of Oak and Stanislaus streets, on
account of a shooting that nearly cost the
t life of young Rothenbush.
For some time past, on account of his
neglect of his young wife, who is quite
| wealthy, and the daughter of D. L.
Lawrence, a former deputy sheriff, there
has been a coolness between the couple.
Some time ago a man named Maracci
accused Rothenbush of alienating the
i affections of his wife, a buxom brunette,
; but the affair was quieted and nothing
'< more was heard of the matter. Rothen-
J bush has of late been more circumspect
in his behavior, but last night stayed out
all night.
To-night he attempted to enter his
home and bis father-in-law was there.
Rothenbush tried to force the frontdoor
open, but Lawrence was in the way, and
j the son-in-law was nndutiful enough to
: strike his wife's father in the eye. The
' former said he only wanted to get' some
underclothing, and accomplished this
; much of his object, but as he was leaving
the Louse his wife picked un his 32 caliber
I pistol and took a shot at him. Luckily
the bullet only knocked the cigarette out
of his mouth and the powder burned his
'. cheek. The police were summoned and
brought both Lawrence and Rothenbush
; to the station, where the first named
wanted his son-in-law put under bonds to
keep the peace.
Long-Lost Frntjtector Heard. From.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 29.— W. M.
Kline was a orospector who came to Cali
fornia in 1848. He located a gold mine,
and his letters to friends in the East were
filled with accounts of his growing wealth.
One day a frightiu' accident occurred.
The mine caved in and Kline was supposed
to have been buried with his treasure.
That was forty-nine years ago. Yesterday
the news came that the long-lost prospec
tor was alive and residing in Australia.
This information came in a letter Irom
him to hia brother, Rev. J. S. Kline of
University place, this city.
There will be a notable reunion of the parishioners of St. Francis parish at
Schueizen Park, near San Rafael, to-morrow. The first boat, which will carry the
band, will leave Tiburon terry at 9 o'clock in the morning and the last train will
leave the part at 6:35 o'clock in the afternoon. Over 180 gate prizes of all kinds will
be distributed. The committee on games has prepared a very interesting programme
and over fifty prizes will be.given. to the winners of tho running races, jumping,
fancy dancing, target-shooting, etc. No professionals will ;be allowed to compete.
There will also be beauty prizes for the handsomest babies and the b.st looking young
lady on the grounds. l.v*." "'• •>_.;.;.'•• .*' '_■ «••_• j •._■_■
Rev. Father Terence Caraher has taken a prominent part in the entire affair. Ex-
Captain P. Connors haa off ere 1 a beautiful sword, to be presented to the most popular
member of Company M, League of the Cross Cadets, to be decided by ballot, the'
voting to be done on th* ground. :• There will be a lively competition "for the weapon.
The affair has been arranged by the following gentlemen:
General picnic committee— P. A. Buckley (chairman), John J. Duddy (secretary),
P..A. Connors, J. Gorman, T. B. Hiliard.iT. B. Cunningham. James Kitterman. Wil
liam M. Gillespie, M. Gleason, John Foley, H. Curran, J. Gleason, John Kelly Jr., J.
Toomey. Ed Foley, H. McNeeley, C. Fuller, Mr. Millernick, P. Connors, L. Ledwicb,
E. McCurren. A. D. Conniff, M. Donigan, Joseph A. Murphy, P. Thornton. E. Ryan]
John Simpson, M. Thornton, M. M.Clinchy, James McGuire, Mr. Brusher, J. Collho'
Mr. McFadden, T. Burns and P. McGowan.
Committee on grounds— James Kitt.rman (chairman), P. A. Connors, William
Gillespie.
Committee on games— John Foley (chairman), John J. Duddy, 'Charles Riley, Ed
ward Ryan, P. Connors, M. McFadden, T. Burns, George Kitterman
Reception committee— T. B. Cunningham (chairman), James Gilleran, John Kelly
Jr., P. MtGown, M. Gleason, C. Muller, Edward Foley, J. Milreck, Mr. Healy.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, • APRIL 30, 1897.
WILL BAR UNITED
STATES CITIZENS
Enactment of a Retalia
tory Law by British
Columbia.
American Miners No Longer
Permitted to Take Up
Claims There.
Chinese and Japanese Have Also
. Been Forbidden to Work
Underground.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 29.-The
British Columbia Legislature, amid ap
proving shouts and acclamations in which
both the Government and opposition
joined, have decided . to send . a memorial
to the Governor of Canada praying that if
Canada should decide to join the British
treaty with Japan it shall be only on con
dition that Canada reserves tbe power to
restrict Japanese immigration into British
Columbia, as the Japanese have ex
cluded the whites almost entirely from
the fisheries and lumber trade.
Following this up, an act bas been
passed forbidding the' employment of
Chinese or Japanese underground under
penalty— just in time, too, as many min
ing towns in Kootenay have forbidden
Orientals to cross their boundaries and
many have been sent back with threats.
The British Columbia Legislature to-day
excluded United States citizens from tak
ing up mining claims in British Colum
bia. The act reads tbat no one shall be
entitled to a free miner's license enabling
him to locate precious metal claims unless
he is 18 years of age or over and is born a
British subject, or unless he files a de
claration of intention to become a British
subject.
This will embody a policy of retaliation
to the alien labor policy of the United
States. The vote of 19 to 10 was not a
party one. It was bitterly opposed by the
opponents of. the bill, who claimed that
its passage would tend to restrict Ameri
can labor and enternrise, which had done
so much to develop the British Columbia
mining country.
British Columbians as a whole are
against the measure as a change of policy
in the Government, and believe the act
will be repealed before a year.
SAX VIS __ fi"-*. A TIOX.
Frominent Business Man Arrested on a
Grave Charge.
BAN LUIS OBISPO. Cat. , April _"9 —
Perry Dictason, who has been in the un
dertaking business here for several years
past, and who has been a prominent
member of a local religious denomination,
was arrested here to-day on the charge of
attempting to criminally assault Pansy
J. Drown, a child of 11 years, who is an
orphan living about seven miles from
here. The complaint was sworn to by a
relative and the culprit is now in jail.
Dickason is a man of family and baa al
ways stood ii.____ in this community.
Public sentiment is gr. ally stirred up
over the matter and the expressions of
the people are strong, .-.;*..,*
Sausalito Street Improvements.
SAUSALITO, Cal., April 29. —At a
meeting held Tuesday night tbo Board of
Town Trustees of Sausalito ordered the
improvement of Princess street, Bulteley
avenue and Water street to be done under
the ten-year bond system. The curfew
will be sounded at 9 o'clock, and all boys
found on the streets or in saloons after
tbat hour will be arrested.. The saloon
keepers have been informed of this ordi
nance by the Town Marshal.
__________ _^ ______u________^^ NEW TO-DAT— CLOTHING. ._• _ _ • : '
■giwninimfWTin!^^
I«T0-DAY AND TO-IRROWM
I THE LAST TWO DAYS OF THE GREATEST SLAUGHTER SALE |
£ EVER HELD IN SAN FRANCISCO. 3
[ALL FORMER PRICES CUT IN TWO.!
I COSTS AND PROFITS CAST ASIDE THESE LAST TWO DAYS! I
WW- The wise man's curiosity is easily aroused— fool's never. Do not fail to take advantage of this great opportunity. It means __•
fc money in your pocket. THINK OF IT !We are offering Clothing, Hats and Furnishing Goods for Man, Boy or Child for LESS ___s
•^ THAN ACTUAL COST OF MATERIAL. THESE ARE FACTS, undeniable facts, and will positively be proven at our store. 3
\W COME TO-DAY OR TO-MORROW J Thousands of Bargains at NEXT-TO-NOTHING PRICES. Here are a few 3
; E v tiivTT * of them. Read them, reflect, then come and be convinced. , ___S
E REMEMBER, TILL TOMORROW EVENING : i
( A FEW OF THE MANY THINGS OFFERED 3
£ The remainder of our. All-Wool Fly-Front ft IQC The remainder of our Boys' Black Cheviot OO OC 3
j g Scotch Tweed Men's Suits for ........ *Mi J J $5.00 Cape Coats, ages sto 12 O/iUJ %
|E The remainder of our All-Wool $16.50 and The remainder of our Boys' Strong 50c Oft §
£ $17.50 Men's Black Clay Worsted Dress 7 PC Knee Pants /IJ 3
E U1 S -»•*.. IiUJ 500 dozen Men's $1.00 French Percale IE 3
E The remainder of our All-Wool $17.50 and 0J C Shirts— 2 collars and a pair of cuffs.... i*t3 =•!
I $20.00 Men's Covert Cloth Top Coats.. 0143 200 dozen Men's 75 c~^_:Wool Summer Jft'l
IWW The remainder of our All-Wool $12.50 and IQr Underwear 'j^zill V" "" •__!
g $1500 Extra Long Driving Coats .. . 4IBD 1000 dozen Men's Silk 25c and " 50c Scarfs IA 3
*£ The remainder of our Men's Extra Strong Qr "'' •*:> •* II" ; 3
lfc $2.50 Cheviot Trousers. | qQ 150 dozen Men's Black Underwear, 50c Oft 3
fc The remainder of our All-Wool $3.50 Tweed A ir quality " " i^li 3
E The remainder of our All- Wool $3.50 Tweed I I P — =^
iE "Trousers.......; I- I J 100 dozen Men's Latest Fedora Hats, $1.50 ftC 3
B^ ;-^>; . -,- *' ■■ 1 w quality • iDD 3
WW j.he remainder of -our Boys' Long* Pants, OCO _-m,-h , T —^rrr Tx __.___. =3
WW $5.00 and $6.00 Suits 2i3U °° C J I . lldren s Large Sailor Hats, 50c OH 3
•^ «-iw_. quality.. l£U __s
£ The remainder • of our Boys' Lone: Pants, 0 PC ...... ,..,__.-. ivr___.> t _ _~cl -t-t _  ______ _-__
g 5^0and^005uit5^......*.......: 3.85 3 °° £^^'£r.?^T.^_..^_. .25 3
$7.50 and $8.00 Suits.... O,OJ 50c, 75c and $1.00 iZj^
l I Thereunder oourf ° ur Boys' Strong $ , 5 o lr 250 dozen Children's Blo^ilpercale Waists, Oft -?
Zz School Suits, Short Pants ,-fJ , 50c quality J ,£(] 3
The remainder of our All-Wool $2.50 School -J Qr 400 dozeu Men's Full-Finished Half Hose, t)r 3
Suits, Short Pants liil3 1 25c quality 3 for -/fl 3
*S^_ ' ■■■_F_r j 1 j- OlUr 1 fin W *""**-__■!
I THESE GOODS AND PRICES UNTIL SATURDAY NIGHT ONLY ! 1
I THE BALDWIN CLOTHIERS, 924-930 MARKET ST. I
1 ■£..,: -;.*.._..'_,*.-'_.- - (**^_A.Xj_E>'\7K7 , l*^J" _______t___t__3____d. * -.-_. '___5|
g MAIL ORDERS WILL RECEIVE PROMPT AND CAREFUL ATTENTION' ||
WITH DRUIDICAL HONORS
The Services That Were Held ;
Over the Remains iof the -\
Late Philip Rohrb-c er.
A Multitude Ass.mb.s to Pay the
Last Tributes to the Memory of
the Supreme Arch.
The funeral of the late Philip Rohr
bacher, who at the time of his death was
the supreme arch of Supreme Grove of
the United Ancient Order of Druids of the
United States, took place yesterday after
noon from the family res deuce, 310 Fulton
street. . :/:
The house of mourning was crowded
with relatives, friends aud officers of the
Grand Grove, and when all had assembled
within the darkened chamber the Rev.
Julius Fuendehng, pastor of St. Marks'
German Evangelical Lutheran Church,
offered up a prayer in the German
language, and in the same language con
ducted the burial service of that church.
This over, the casket was carried to the
hearse by the following-named, who were
the active pall- bearers: Supreme Repre
sentatives George W. Lovie and E. L.
Wagner, representing tLe Supreme Grove
<i Druid-; Past Noble Grand Arches
Judge George H. Bahrs and Henry A.
Chase, representing the Grand Grove of
California; Past Supreme Arch Louis G.
Schord and Past Arch John Hutton, rep
resenting Hartnagle Chapter; 0. H. Hess
and J. Simons, representing San Joaquin
Grove; C. W. Bicklord, past grand, and
J. H. Farwell, representing Charity Lodge
No. 6, I. O. 0. F., and Gus Pohlman and
D. W. Farren, representing the Veteran
Firemen. ■", .
Louis F. Dur.end. past noble grand arch,
at the request of the Supreme Grove,
delivered a eulogy over the body, in the
course of which he said: "Philip. Rohr
bacher was an honest man, who was ever
ready to assist those in need. , On occa
sions of this solemn character it some
times happens that :ne curtain is drawn
to hide that which should not be . exposed
to the public gaze. On this occasion there
ib no need to draw the curtain, for there is
nothing to conceal. The life of Philip
Rohrbachcr was pure, it was stainless."
His remarks addressed to the widow
and son and daughters of the deceased,
were most eloquent, and affected nearly
every one of the vast assemblage to tear*.
The remains were taken to the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, where the remainder
of the order's burial service was conducted
by Noble Grand Arch Devoto, and all that
was mortal of Philip Rohrbacher was in
cinerated.
SAM JOAQUIN VALLEY CROPS.
Grain Is Suffering in Some Plac s for
Want of Ram, but a Good Yield
..__,. Is Expected.
MODESTO. Cal., April 29.-The crops
of this county as a whole are not suffer
ing from lack of rain and can," stand the
present weather for some time before be
ing damaged, but if dry hot winds come
the damage will, bee irreparable. Crops
generally are better than usual.
On. the west sloe of the San Joaquin
River they are the best for many yeais.
Rain is needed more there than elsewhere
in the county. Fruit crops are considered
excellent. Rain would >be acceptable and
do immense good, but we can get along
without it for a couoie of 'weeks yet. . '.- *_•..
MERCED, Cal., Aprii : 29.— _T_m recent
warm weather has done considerable '
damage to ctod prospects. During the I
past few days the weather has been ;
slightly cooler and the growin™ grain
has picked up somewhat, yet the
farmers are not as encouraged as
they were earlier in the reason, and at
present tte prospects only give assurance
of about half a crop iv this locality. A
little more rain at this time would make a
material difference in crop possibilities.
MADEIIA, Cat... April 29.— The warm
weather, accompanied by not winds,
which prevailed here a week aero did but
little damage, if any, to the grrin crop.
In that oection of the country along the
foothill region the pram is exceptionally
fine and well advanced.
The crop on summer-follow land ii prac
tically assured. The only grain suffering
is the late sowing, whicu with even a. ligci
rain will come out all right.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Arr.l 20— The
CONSTABLE McCOY PYLE AND WIFE OF VENTURA.
Mr. McPyle was slain as he slept by his false friend, Ed McCamlsh. Back of
the murder, which was as cold-blooded a one as has ever been recorded in the
annals of California crime, is the reported infatuation of the accused murderer for
the wile of the Constable. .
dry hot weather is greatly interfering with
the filling of wheat ie this county. In
dications are that the yield will be cut
more than one-third* from what it
promised to be three weeks ago. It still
shows plenty of greenness and the heads
look large and prosperous, but in the
language of the farmer it is "ruining."
John It. Spreckels Expected at Washington
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 29— John
D. Spreckels is in New York. He is ex
pected to arrive at the Shoreham Hotel in
this city to-morrow. Ex-Attorney-General
Hart will b_ here nnti! May 12. 'On the
10. be will argue the Blytbe case in the
Supremo Court. •> ; .
Just As Soon Be Dead
Are the words of a man who is -
• desperate— man who has tried
many so-called cures, doctors,
and with no good result.
Now, if you are in just this
state, suppose you make a last
effort, if only for the sake of try- _
ing. Don't put too much confi-
; v:': dence in this, yet give it a fair
trial.
A fair trial is all that is asked
for the great Hudyan.- 10,000
men have given Hudyan a fair
trial, and these 10,000 men are
now cured men. Ask them if
they would just as soon be dead.
They would laugh at you. They
. are enjoying themselves, living
happy, joyous lives of hope and
constant and ever- increasing
strength, having the_ bounce
and brace, the vim and ambition
of; vigorous manhood. This is
what you may expect when you
use the discovery of the big doc-
tors of Hudson Medical fame.
HuJyan can be had only from
the doctors of Hudson. No one
else can give you Hudyan. You
should consult these doctors or
write for Hudyan Circulars and
Testimonials.
Maps! Perils! Perlais!
You are suffering from a con- J
tracted Blood Disease. If it is in
the first, secondary or tertiary
- state you ought to let the Hudson
doctors use their 30- Day Cure. ;
It does the work lastingly, and
well too. No scars, no marks,
no mercury bones. Write for
Circulars or consult Hudson doc-
tors. V
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.READ PAPERS
ON MENTAL
TRAINING
Uneventful Day Session
at the Women's
Congress.
A CONSTANTLY GROWING
ATTENDANCE.
• Brahmacharin Bcdhabbikshu Has
the Bell Rung on
Bim.
ANOTHER BEAUIY APPEARS ON
THE SCENE.
Mrs. H.len Gardener Reads Her Cele
brated Pjp.r Entitled
'"Heredity.''*
Yesterday's was quite the most unevent
ful of the sessions of the Woman's Con
gress held thus far this season. There
were no brilliant papers. Each address,
however, stowed tbat the writer was
thoroughly familiar with the subject dealt
.with in his or her -paper, and. moreover,
possessed the happy faculty of expressing
themselves clearly and concisely. Many
- theories were advanced, but, unfortu
nately, no conclusions reached. There
were no aphorism, no brilliant epigram
to punctuate the long papers that had
. naught that was new to propose.
There were no discussions. Each speak
er's theory was quietly accepted, wltn now
and then a voice of praise raised in its
favor.
The Brahmacharin was present and was
one of those who rose to add his mite of
wisdom to the session. There seems to be
an insatiable desire on the part of the
audiences at these congresses to hear the
impassioned voice of the Hindoo sage.
His presence on the . stage is always
greeted with applause and his remarks
listened to with rapt attention. This high
caste Brahmin is sure to become the idol
not only of that frivolous young person
known as the matinee girl, but the morn
sedate congress women.
He certainly is an inspired speaker.
When moved by his subject to an eloquent
outburst his voice trembles, his long lithe
figure quivers and bis right band points
upward with the threatening gesture of
The Emporium
I 11-v !_-__/! I IJJvJI I UIII
> ___P__._i_F-___-Vfl___.___r.fl mTWlW'ri^^^rim^mMM^m.l^Salm.^^'^mm,^ ____*_r_r_a**__r___E___
ie i_L^ii__^i*_^iii - c <> H:TE.if nil i EraPT_Eo^lN^wlll_y-_M
9 ECU NS a* m smhb REVOLUTIONIZE RETAIL TRADE WITH OUR FURGHASE OF
M, ImW <mamm**\m**>^ &&ANE & HENSHELWOODS DRY GOODS STOCK AT 31$ ON THE DOLLAR
-Fim -__V2_sr. AND M EASTERN HANUFRGTURERS 430000 CLOTHING STOGH —
an implacable justice. Once started the
Brahmacbarin loses all idea of the rapid
flight of time, and yesterday, lost in the
flowery depths of his oratory had the bell
rung on nim to remind nim that his
allotted minutes had elapsed.
Each succeeding session rinds the hall
more and more crowded. It seems a case
of those who have been before bringing
their fiiends and those friends in turn
bringing their relatives. Yesterday, to
accommodate the crowd, chairs were
ranged to the very front of the stage, and
yet the walls were lined with a fringe of
women — young aud pretty, old and hand
some and otherwise. It was a most con
siderate audience. When Mrs. Swift, the
president of the Women's Association,
came to tbe front and asked the ladies to
remove their bats there was not a feather
tipped head in all the vast assemblage
two minutes after her request had been
made.
However, it was a singularly impassive
• audience. But in spite of the reserve
there was a tinge of expectancy in the air.
, Every one was repressing ail emotions,
saving all their enthusiasm for the even
i ing, when Helen Gardener should read
I her widely celebrated paper, "Heredity."
The only emotion allowed to ruffle that
even calm was when Miss Margaret
i Sweeney appeared. Miss Sweeney is a
: remarkably handsome girl, and if there is
j one thing this congress of women ad
. mires it is a pretty creature — sex femi
j nine. There will probably have to be an
aftermath to this congress, in which the
; women will have to be taught not to lose
j their handkerchiefs, their feather boas
| and their purses. There are several of
j these articles awaiting owners at th.9 sec
i retary's table.
THURSDAY'S SESSION.
■ Interesting Papers on Mental Train
ing Read at the Woman's
Congress.
Mental training was the subject of all
the papers read yesterday at the Woman's
Congress. All the papers were remark
ably well written, and were followed with
close attention by the large audience as
sembled.
Professor C. B. Bradley was the first
speaker of the afternoon. Bis paper was
a practical view of "the study of history
a_i a development of the heart and im- ,
agination." Professor Bradley's paper
j was in part as follows:
Two distinct things may be proposed as ends
ln the study of history. One is ethical — a dis
; cipline of the heart and imagination— the
j other is intellectual and scientific, lhe end
I of one discipline is wisdom and character ; the
end of the other is knowledge and skill. It
! may be too much to say that these two ends
cannot be pursued together.
The tcientlfic end is possible only for
students oi a certain maturity of mind. Its
higher sweep ii attained only cow and then.
by some great master. But the other needs no
; special eve, no special training. It Is within
I tne reach of all who bring to the study com
i mon intelligence enougn to understand the
j record and the common interest ue all feel in
; human struggle and achievement.'-
As for maturity, it would seem that there is
i sometning in the very constitution of child
j hood and youth which specially fits the«e ages
to receive these lessens of life ; specially pre
disposes them to catch tne contagion of bo Ola
cnaracter and heroic act. on. Heroes theie
doubtless are all about us, and uo generous
soul ever lived or needed to live wimout lis
hero-worsntps. But the lmpresslveness ofthe
'■ vision is everything in tnis case. History has
; here its special opportunity and advantage.
; Nowhere uo heroes stand on such pedestals,
nowhere do they loom up with such imposing
> power as wnen seen through the mist* of ages
et the end of a long vista of history. All must
i agree with me in recognizing the power which
| history has to uplift the heart and the mind
: of men.
There is no worthy living outside of the
great precept, "Whatsoever things are pure,
whatsoever things arc of good report, if there
be any virtue, and if there be any praise,
think on these things."
Mrs. Emma Payne Erskine followed
Professor Bradley with a paper on "The
Deadline of Civilization." Among other
things Mrs. Erskine said:
The old world moves on no longer with the
stately majestic sweep of the ages. It moves
with a rush and a whirl, onward, onward and
ever faster and faster, never resting, never
waiting, never pausing to think.
Poor humanity! : Hurrying ourselves on
through our short span 01 earthly existence,
eager. looking forward to something nnat
tained, and, wheu we nave it, casting it be
hind us to grasp at something still beyond,
until we are launched into eternity with
never a moment for reckoning the whence,
the whither or for what.
We stand on the verge of a new entry and
the demon stands beside us. We look back
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 30. 1897.
ward .own the years and see the barriers he
has set up— the walls he has built— and he Is
here now to draw the "deadline of civilisa
tion" at our very feet.
What cares he for human law? He strides
over It and it becomea null and void. •-
What shall we ao with this great question of
the age? What shall we do with Turkey, with
Cuba. Africa, Russia, Asia? Wnat with all the
cruelties ot the day? What shall we do with
the demon who allows all these things to con
tinue — who has drawn before every civiliza
tion of the past the deadline?
There is but one force that can overcome
him— the law that shall be dispelled in the
w.cnaerful dawning of the light of the perfect
day.
Miss Adeline Knapp's paper. "Just
Mere Literature," wa_ one of the best ef
forts of the afternoon. The lady's paper
in part was as follows:
Education's value of the individual lies not
not so much in what it fits him to enjoy as in
; what it enables him to be to his fellows. Its
j end Is not to qualify a man to make a living,
c but to help him to live. We are apt to think
! of culture as something that distinguishes a
man and sets him apart from his brothers;
I but if culture m»keatuller life it must cer
j tainly manifest in fuller fellowship, ln greater
• capacity for love and usefulness. Liberal
sympatny, broad interest, clear msignt, as
• well as wide outlook, are as real parts of cue
ture as mere scholastic attainments can pos
; sibly be.
It is possible -that some of our economic
j problems hare arisen because in our anxiety
; for material prosperity we have lost sight of
: humanity's hones and fears, joys and sor
rows, beliefs and disbeliefs wrought into our
j universal literature.
The child whose taste receives an early bent
toward the true in literary art will not be
likely to care much for the waste of printed
co mm on p. ace that we call juvenile literature.
There axe a -few modern writers who have
• given us good books lor young people*, but if
j nearly the whole of the so-called children's
books o! to-day could be swept from existence
childhood would be immeasureably better off.
Miss Margaret Sweeney brought the
afternoon session to a close with her paper
|on "English in Secondary Schools."
j Miss Sweeney made an ardent plea for the
| study of grammar and English in the
i public schools. She urged the teachers in
\ the schools to give more attention to com
{ positions, and noted that the day when a
| composition meant an extract irom an en
i cyclopedia had passed. Sue called atten
; tion to the fact tbat correct speech could
\ not be learned in one day, any mora than
j composition, and hoped those studies
I would receive the attention that they de
; served at the bands of our educators.
: —
SPOKE ON HEREDITY.
Evening- Session of the Congress
Crowded to Hear Helen Gar
dener Speak.
Last night was banner night at the
Woman's Congress. Long before tbe
hour of op-ning the street was crowded
with an impatient throng anxious to se
cure the best possible seats. At 8 o'clock
it was impossible to get near the doors.
Helen Gardener's famous paper on
"Heredity" was to be read by the author
ess, hence the crowds.
The first paper was Professor J. M.
Stillman's "The Essential Character and
Purpose of Higher Education." He said:
"Were it possible for us to trace the
ideals tbat have been dominant in the
educational systems of the long line of
civilizations which have risen and passed
away during the life of our globe we should
certainly be in possession of most valu
able clews to the causes that conspire to
produce their greatness and to those
which contributed to their decay. For in
the educational system of any civilization
are emphasized and* developed the ideas
and ideals which the leading minds of the
time and of the races consider the most
essential to the development of the indi
vidual and most important to the service
of the needs of tbe State and of its future
strenctn and permanence.
"Tbe higher education is the effort to fit
roost perfectly for the highest responsi
bilities of life. It must attempt, there
fore, to develop to its highest capacity
the latent powers of thought and action
in the individual, and to teach him to
utilize these powers to the utmost in the
direction of good influence and useful ser
vice.
"Mere knowledge is not power; the abil
ity to use knowledge rationally is power, '
but even then but latent power. T c wish
and the will to use it are necessary to \
make that latent power actual. Given j
knowledge, the ability and the will to use ;
it and the desire to use it in the best in
terests of mankind, and we have the ideal
result of the higher education.
"It is not alone in the universities that
the higher education may be attained.
Many a man or woman has attained by
tno home fireside and in the world's
school a higher education than many col
lege graduates have acquire! under the
more favorable conditions of the best uni
versities. &_____£
"Though our systems of higher educa
tion but imperfectly attain the ends they
aim for. though opinions differ as to the
best subject matter and methods, we must
ever be mindful that our higher institu
tions of learning have ever in view the
welfare of humanity through the influ
ence on the individual, and that such as
they are they represent the conservators
of the highest ideals of our age and na
tion, and in their permanence and pro
gressive developm-nt l ethe highest hope*
for the future prosperity of humanity.
Mrs. Helen Gardener was then "intro
duced, and was enthusiastically received.
MES. GARDENER'S PAPER.
It has always been thought a charming trait
ln woman that she so easiiv "conforms," that
■he thlnxs and believes anything that her
father, brother, lover or husband thinks and
believes, or wants her to suppose that be does.
And it is not until woman comes out from
under cover of conventional usage and says
"I don't want to do this" and "I don't believe
in that" of her own volition and thought, not
until then wili she be fit or strong enough to
create and mold characters that aha. l grow
Into free men— who -hall be the victims
of neither their enemies nor of themselves
because of their feeble or their vicious inheri-
lance. ••,>.
I am far more accustomed to talk upon the
topic that has been allotted to me before
scientific bodies or to practical students of
heredity, anthropology, biology- and, kindred
subjects and therefore I may possibly say
things that will sound dogmatic from the
point of view of those who have not made a
special study of the subject. 1 shall not mean
anything I may say to seem either dogmatic or
harsh, only earnest, and perhaps a short cut
to facts we are to face.
1 fear I shall strike a less pleasant note than
has been struck by those who have preceded
me. who have so generally dealt with ideals or
who have sung the praise side of the song.
My theme is scientific. It deals with demon
strable facts, and it goes back of even the kin-
'. oergarten. __!_J3ffi"
If, therefore, I should say some things that
, seem harsh or cruel, remember that the sur
geon's knife cuts because it hopes to strike
] the root of the disorder. Remember that sci
entific facts are not always pleasant, but for
all that I hold that it is wise for us to face and
understand them.
There have been a good many kinds of con
gresses of women in tne past tew years, since it
has been granted tbat women have a right to
meet and discuss any topics whatever, and
since it has* been recognized that woman has
the capacity to think for herself and the dignity
and the poise to express ncr thought in pub
i lie, without finding it necessary either to
i take ref uge behind her male relatives or to
' become masculine herself in the process.
But ln all of these congresses, previous to
! the one held recently in Washington, a con-
I gress of and for mothers had never been
| thought necessary. And that was the first
j racial congress ever held, and it was the
munificence of a California woman that made
that-congress possible. It has been freely ad
mitted by mcc and women a. ike that there is
', still much for women to learn from each other
| through mutual effort and consultation upon
any and all subj.cts. So far as I have been
I able to discover, it hss been taken for granted
that since the beginning of the world all
women have known enough to bs mothers,
i and that it was, therefore, wholly superfluous
c for the mothers of the race to convene, as
| iuch, and confer with eacu other about those
I topics which are of the first and most vital im
i portance to humanity— that is to say, about
i her functions, duties and moral responsibil
ities as both the creator and the cradle of
mankind. Neither dense ignorance, deform
ity of body or mind, ill health nor criminality
could disqualify her for the one "sphere"
which all men joined in asserting was hers by
d vine right and in calling holy and lofty.
Think 01 the absurdity of the proposition.
Think of the sacrilegel Tnink of the uncon
scious indignity!
* Poets, statesmen, novelists and artists have
for ages untold striven to eclip.e eacn other
' ln the eulogies of motherhood. On the stage
' nothing is so sure of rapturous applause as is
' some touching oil of sacrifice which baa
■ reached lis climax in a mother's love
' wherein she has yielded all to shield, to pro
: teet er to belter tbe condition of husband or
child. From the crude, sentimental songs
I which adv.s? the son to "stick to your
I mother when her hair turns gray," through
the various phases of maternal love and devo-
I tion or sacrifice in the "-.amllle" type of
j thought, on and np to the loftiest touches ln
f art and literature, there is alike the effort to
< celebrate the power, the potentiality and the
i beauty of motherhood, and to stimulate the
i sentiments of gratitude and love and admira
| tion for and emulation of the Ideal depicted.
: But through it all. in the building and matur
| ing of this Ideal, there runs ever and always
the one thread ot thought, that self-sacrifi-e,
self-abnegation and self-effacement are the
grandest attributes of maternity; that in
order to be a perfect, an ideal wife and
mother the woman must be sunk, the idi
viduai immolated, the ego subjected.
To a degree and ln a sense that Is, of course,
true, for the willingness to go down to tne
c gales of death, to face its possibilities for long,
. weary months, to know that suffering and to
; fear that death stands as a sure and Inevitable
: host at the end of a long journey— to know
this and to be willing to face it for the sake of
others is a heroism, a bravery, a self-abnega
j tion so infinitely above and beyona the small
I heroism of camp or battle-field that compari-
I son is almos t a sacrilege.
The condemned man upon whom the death
i watch has been set, who cannot hope for ex-
I ecutive clemency, who Is helpless ln the
| hands of absolute power, still knows .that
although death mar be sure physical suffering
I is unlikely, or, at the worst, will be but briei;
but he alone stands in tbe position to know,
even to a degree, the nervous strain, the
mental anguish, the unthinking but uncon
trollable panics of flesh and blood and nerve
j which woman faces at the behests of love and
': maternity and— alas that it can be true!— at
! the behests of sex power and financial de
pendence.
But when we study anthropology and her
edity we come to realise the indisputable facts
that her love, her physical heroism, and her
bravery, linked with her political and
financially subject status, have cast a
! physical blight, a moral snadow and
i a mental threat upon the world.
| Then we cease to clap quite so vigorously at
the theater, and our tears or smiles are
mingled with mental reservations, and a sigh
lor a loitier Ideal for the meaning nnd the pur-
J pose of maternity than the merely physical
I one that has been depicted as material sacri
; fice to the child and self-abnegation and self-
I subjection. We begin to wonder if much of
j the vice, the crime, the wrong, the insanity,
! the disease, the incompetence and the woe of
the world is not the direct lineal descendant
lof tnis V very self-debasement of the
I individual character of women in ma
ternity. We begin to wonder li an
unwilling, a forced, or a supinely yield
ing (and thereiore uot self-controlled) a sub
ject motherhood, in short, is not respon
sible to the race ior the weak, the de
formed, the depraved, the double-deal
ing. pretense-Boated natures which curse
the world with failures, with disease,
with war, with insanity and, with crime. We
begin to wonder if, the awful power with
which nature clothes maternity in heredity
does not strike blindly back at the race for the
artificial requirements at the hands of the
producers of that race. We begin to wonder
if mothers do not owe a. higher duty to their
offspring than that oi mere nurse. Webe.in
to wonder if the mother has the moral right to
give her children the inheritance tbat accident
ad subserviency stamp upon body and
mind. We begin to wonder how she dares
face her child and know that she did not fit
herseli by self-development and by- direct,
sincere, firm ana thorough qualifications for
maternity before she dared to assume its
responsibilities. We begin to wonder that
man haa been so slow in learning to read the
message that nature has telegraphed to him in
letters of tire and photographed with terrible
persistency upon the distorted, diseased bod
ies and minds of his children, and upon the
moral imbeciles she has set before him as an
answer to his message of sex dom. nation. Do
you know that there is an* army of 700,000
dependent detectives in this country alone?
Don't you know that this means something to
every mother in this world? Seven hundred
.thousand ioic.d into lite without their birth
right I Seven hundred thousand imbecile,
insane, deaf, dumb, blind and criminal vic
tims of maternal and paternal ignorance.
Stop and tbink of it. Our standing army is
only about 25,000 men these for oar protec
tion; onr detective army— these lor
our destruction I Think of it in another way.
There are bnt three cities— possibly four now—
in America which have a population ot
700,000. If every man, woman and child ln
your city were helpless or criminal still less
than half of our defective population wouid
be represented thereby.
Self- abnegation, subserviency to man.
whether he be father, lover or husband, is the
most dangerous theory that can be taught to
or forced upon her whose character shall moid
the next generation. She has no right to
transmit a nature and a character that is sub
servient, subject, inefficient, undeveloped— ln
short, a slavish character, which is either
blindly obedient or blindly rebellious, and is,
therefore, in either case, set as in a time.
to prey or to be preyed upon by society in the
future.
If woman is not brave enough personally to
demand and to obtain absolute personal lib
erty ol action, equality of status and entire
control of her great and race-endowing func
tion of maternity she has no right to dare to
■tamp upon a child, and to curse a race, with
the descendants of such m servile, . dwarfed,
a time-and-master serving natnre.
We have been taught that it is an awful
thing to commit murder, to take a human life,
and so of course it is. There is no difference
of opinion on that subject. But do you know
that there are students of anthropology and
heredity who— think that it may be even a
more awful thing to thrust, unasked, upon a
human being a life ihat Is handicapped before
he gets It? That it may be a more solemn rev
tponslbility to give than to take a human life?
In ihe one case the murderer Invades personal
liberty and puts a stop to an existence more
or less vai. able and nappy, but at least all
pain is over for that invaded personality. In
the other case, ln giving life, yon invade the
liberty of infinite oblivion and thrust into an
inhospitable world another hum entity to
struggle, to sink, to swim, to suffer, or to en
joy.
Whether the one or the other no mortal
knows, but he surely knows it must contend
sot only with its environment, but with its
heredity— with itseli. For we ail follow the
line of leaat resistance. Did you ever think
seriously of that? No man is bad simply from
Choice. If you are good and true and lofty it
i* because, all things considered, that is. to you,
the live of least resistance. The parents oi .he
race must make it easy to be good, easy to be
true, hard to be ignoble or criminal, not by
rewards or punishments — those methods have
been weighed and found wanting— but by the
very blood pulsations that are transmitted
from both parents to tbe children to whom
they take the tremendous responsibility of
giving life.
It is the fashion to repeat, "The hand that
rocks the cradle rules the world." Every one
knows that this is not true in the sense in
which it has always been use.l. It is true, a. as I
in a sense never dreamed of by politician or
publican.
. It is true that tbe subject status of maternity
has ruled and does rule the world, in that it
has been— and is to-day— the most potent
power to keep the race from lofty achieve
ment. Subject mothers never did and subject
mothers never wilt produce a race of free,
well-poised, liberty-loving, justice-practicing
children.
. Maternity is an awful power. It blindly
strikes back at injustice with a force that is a
fearful menace to mankind. And the race
which is born of mothers wbo are harassed,
bullied, subordinated, or made the victims of
blind passion or power, or of mothers who are
simply too pretty and self-debased to feel
their subject status, cannot fail to continue to
give the. horrible spectacles we have always
had of war, of crime, of vice, of trickery, of
double-dealing, of pretense, of lying, of arro
gance, of subservience, of brutality, of incom
petence, and— alas ot insanity, ldiocv and
disease added to a fearful and an unnecessary
mortality.
Not long ago a great man, who Is successful
beyond most human units, who is wealthy,
socially to be envied, who enjoys almost ideal
family relations, wbo is in all regards a man
of broad Intellect, of large heart, who is be
loved, successful, powerful, a famous lawyer,
a man ot International renown, long ago this
man said to me, while talking ot life and its
chances, its joys and its burdens and wrongs:
"Well, the more I think of it all, the more I
know, the. more I delve into philosophy and
science, the more I understand life as It is and
es it must be for long years to come, if not for
ever, the more 1 wonder at the sturdy bravery
of those who are less fortunate than I. D_*es
it pay me to live* Would I choose to be born
agai a? Were I to-day unborn, could I be asked
for my vote, knowing all I do of life, would I
vote to come into this worid?
"Taking life at its best estate, are we not as
suming a tremendous risk to thrust it unasked
upon those woo are at least sate trom Its pit
falls? I asked myself these questions very
often," he said. And men he added, hesitat
ingly. "I sometimes think it pays after all. Of
course, since I am here I am bound to make
tbe best of it, but tor all that I am not dead
sure bow I would vote on my birth if I had
the chance to try it— not quite sure."
"If you are so impressed with life yourself
—you who are a fortunate, healthy, wealthy,
hat pi. married, successful, famous aud hon
ored man," said 1, "don't yon think it IS a
pretty serious thing to assume the right to
cast that vote recklessly for another human
pawn, who could hardly conceivably stand
your chances in the world?"
•'Serious," ho exclaimed, "serious With
the wor.d'i conditions what they are to-day,
with the physical, moral and mental chances to
run, with woman— the character-forming pro
ducer ofthe race— a half-educated subordinate
to masculine domination, it is little short of
madness; it is not far from crime. It is a crime
unless the mother is a physically healthy, a
mentally developed and comprehending, mor
ally clear, strong, vigorous entity who Knows
her personal responsibility in maternity, and,
knowing, dares maintain it." That was his
verdict. Yet it has been the fashion to hold
that the mothers of mankind should not be
tne thinkers of the race. Inceed, in comment
ing upon the congress of representative
women in Chicago at the World's Fair, the
most widely read newspaper on this conti
nent said, editorially: -
-'There is to be a great series of women's
congresses held -at Chicago daring the fair.
The purpose is to illustrate and celebrate the
progress of women. Accordingly there will be
sessions to discuss the achievements of women
in art, authorship, business, science, histrionic
endeavor, law, medicine, ana a variety ot
other activities.
"But, so far as the published programmes
enable us to judge, not one icing is to be done
to show the progress of women as women.
There will be no showing made of an increased
capacity on their part to make homes happier,
to make their husband*. stronger for their
work in the world, to encourage high endeav
ors, to maintain the best standards of honor
and duty, to stimulate, encourage, uplift,
which from the beginning ot civilization bas
been the supreme lemlnlne function. Nothing,
it appears, is to b3 done at tbe congresses to
show that a higher education and a larger
intellectual advancement have enabledwomen
to bear healthier children or to bring tnem up
in a manner more surely tending to make this
a better world to live in— the noblest of all
work that can De dons by woman.
. "We need no congress to show vi that
women are more thoroughly educated than
once they were, or that they can success uliy
do things once forbidden them. But have
wider culture and wider opportunities made
them better wives and mothers? A congress
which should show that won. d make all men
advocates of still larger endeavors for woman's
advancement. A congress, on the other hand,
wnich assumes tnat the only thing to be cele
brated is an increased capacity to win fame or
money, will teach a disastrously false and
dangerous lesson to our growing girls.", *"
This fatal blunder as to the value of woman's
development, as woman— quite aside from her
home relations— has retaraed the real civiliza
tion and caused to be transmitted (anneces
sarily transmitted) the characteristics which
have gone far to m.ke insanity, disease and
deformity of mind ana bod. the heritage of
well-nigh every family in the land.
A great medical expert said to me not long
ago:
"There Is not more than one family ln ten
who can show a clean bill of health, mental
and physical— and moral— irom heredi
tary taints that are serious in threat and al
most certain of development in one form or
another.
. Maternity, its duties, needs and responsibili
ties, has Deen exploited in all ages and climes,
iv ail phases and spheres, Irom one point of
view only— the point of view of the male
owner. If >ou think that this statement is ex
treme I beg of you to read "The livo ution of
Marring.," by Letourneoti. Read it all. Read
it with care. It is the production of a man of
.profound learning and research— a man who
sees the light of the future dawning, although
even he sometimes lapses, from a universal
language of humanity into hereditary forms
of speech, hedged in by sex bias.
It has been the fashion in the recent past to
select the ablest girls in the family to send to
college or to develop for a career or a profes
sion. Of the others it was said, "Well. Ju.ia
and Maud do not seem to caie to learn much.
They will, no doubt, marry and make good
mothers, out the other girls will have a ca
reer." Think of the insult to motherhood this
accepted theory is, and it is well nigh uni
versal. Think of how slight a grasp upon the
realities of Hie such theories show.
A woman cannot mate a g cd doctor, a
good lawyer, a good journalist, a good
preacher, a good novelist, a good artist, or a
great musician unless she knows and can
weigh in a rational manner the meanings oi
life ; unless behind her science, her art, her
labor or her philosophy there is a comprehen
sion born of a solid grasp upon the real mean
ings of life, its relations, its proportions.
Knowledge is Indeed power, and ignorance
Is ever and always the twin brother of vice.
Therefore, no matter what profession ial Is to
the lot of or is chosen by a woman, the first,
the most important, the absolutely vital need
for her is a broad, solid, true and comprehen
sive grasp on the facts of life, as life is to-day
and as it has been in the past. This alone will
enable her to lay a firm foundation lor the
future.
I think this statement will be accepted as
almost a truism wben it Is applied to what are
generally called the professions. But, strange
to say, mere is one profession for which it is
always claimed that a true and firm and com
prehensive sense of the proportions in life is
not at all necessary to fit the applicant tor a
diploma— the proiesslon of motherhood. . ; '.
And yet It is true— and it is easy of proof if
one has even a slight knowledge of biology or
heredity -that there is no occupation, no art,
no proiesslon on the earth in which ignorance
of the true relations of things can and does
work such lasting and such terrible disaster
to the race as has been done and is constantly
doing right there. \ -.-;■:*.■
Ignorant and undeveloped motherhood bas
been and is a terrible curse to mankind. An
incompetent artist is merely a path. tic fail
ure. A superficial woman lawyer simply goes
clientless. A trivial woman doctor may get a
chance to kill one or two patients, but her
career of harm wi.l be brief. A shallow or
lazy woman journalist will be crowded out
and back by the bright and industrious fel
lows who are her competitors. But a superfi
cial, shallow, incompetent or trivial mother
has left a heritcge to the world which can and
does poison the stream of ! Lite as it flows on
and on in an eternally widening circle of in
competence, or pain, or disease, or insanity,
or crime. . :s'..**.•" i~.
In every other profession which woman hes
entered she has been better fitted for her
work before she took her degree than for the
one which is held to be her especial province.
Why ? Simply because up to the present time
it has been maintained that a pretty and
childish ignorance of the real and true values
and relations of life, combined with a fine
pair of eyes and a compliant manner entitled
any woman to a diploma in her "sphere" of
maternity, while* if Vshe undertook to fit her
self for any other career she has to measure
her life.not with a painted-toy mentality, but
with tiie logically trained intellect which
must compete with her brothers, the estab
lished workers of the world, or else she must
go to the wall where her incompetency thrusts
her.
It would be well for the sake of the race If
she could be subject to sue. competition in
maternity. And did it ever occur to you that
her children are subject to it? and that the
vast spread of incompetence in the world,
the universality of incompetence to cope with
conditions, has a perfectly legitimate basts?
No woman is fit to bring up the administra
tors of a republic who is not herself familiar
with the fundamental principles upon which
that republic is based. For it is a well-known
exceptions and geniuses being allowed
for— that tne trend, the bias, the color of the
mentality of a man is fixed upon him in his
earliest years, in the years when his mother
is his nearest and most Influential teacher.
His some of fairness and ot justice is warped
or developed then. His possibilities are born
<>f her capacity, and his development depends
lareely upon her training.
What profession in the world, then, needs so
wide an outlook, so perfect a poise, so fine an
individual development, I such • breadth and
scope, such depth of comprehension, such full
new of philosophy, as does the lightly consid
ered profession ot motherhood ? Lightly con
sidered I mean in tbe sense that it has been
and is held by so many that it does no espe
cial harm to have tbe mothers of the race dis
tinctly lower lv development, in mentality, in
individuality, in poise, in grasp, in educstion.
than any other class of men or women.
And so, as I have said before, when I was
told not long ego at a public meeting that I
was expected to speak on "Woman in the Pro
fessions" I thought I would make a departure
and lack most fully, in the few minutes I was
to have, of the need of her higher education
for and because of the one profession which
was not thought of at all In its vast necessi
ties, not on.y in the development of a higher
womanhood but for the race which is to have
the solving of the tremendous problems of the
future. -
. I thought I would suggest the needs of those
voiceless ones rather than -peak much of or
for those, exceptional women who have ap
peared and are in everiucreasing numbers,
gaining firm and established footholds in
the other professions, because of which they
are being trained or are training themselves
for what they all recognize to be a sharp and
severe competition where capacity and will
ingness to do well what is undertaken is the
inevitable price of the position itself, and I
shall take tbe liberty to repeat here . what I
said then. It was this: . ...*»■ V
"It Is getting to be pretty generally looked
upon as the special province of the less highly
endowed or the le«s thoroughly trained re
sidium to become the progenitors of the com
ing generations. If you havo a daughter who
is too silly or weak-minded or unambitious to
become a unit in the march of progress and
civilization; if she Is incompetent to be sent
through a solid training of scho.l or college
and to fit herself for some possible or probable
career as minister, doctor, designer, lawyer,
journalist or what not, marry her to some
body and let him carry the load of her unas
piring presence while he lives, and let the
race boar the burden of her infirmities and
ignorance unto the third and fourth genera
tions of them that loved her. That is, boldly
ttatea, the theory." ...
"hut the fact Is, as over against that theory,
that if you have a daughter who is finer and
truer, more capable and noble, more intellect
ual and able than the rest, she is the one
whose education and development as an indi
vidual should be carried to lis highest reach,
not simply lecause she is to be a writer or
speaker or teacher, for which she may be
primarily fitting herself as her trend may be,
out because in the ultimate analysis It may
also be her pleasure and province to be the
wife aud mother in the t ue and inspiring
home-life, where her ever new and stimulating
comradeship for husband and children makes
of her mind a beacon-light, and of her poised
and self-disciplined disposition i a guide and
an Inspiration; where she will be io< ed and
revered, not only because she is loving and
good, but because she is also wise and able and
broad enough to wisely lead, instead ot being
blind to the very pitfalls in the pathway of
her sons and daughters. ".jjv.'
"When our Republic bas snen mothers as
that the question of woman in the other pro
fessions will have adjusted itself. Wnen
woman Is developed and free to choose, capac
ity will find its level and its outlet. Ignor
ance will cease to be looked upon as beautiful
in either sex, and men and women will for
the first time clasp hands and try conclusions
with a frankness and a generosity and com
radeship which will be a real inspiration and
joy to both.
if you have a brilliant girl, one who has fine
poise, splendid endowments, great promise,
it is sne who should be developed to the mil
with knowledge that while she has done her
best in all things, she is still only able to be a
tolerably good mother; she lacks still much of
wisdom, much of all the judgment, tenderness
and scope that shall enab.e her to be an Ideal
mother of ideal children, who shall be hea "thy
in body and in mind, honest, earnest, truth
loving and justice-practicing human beings, a
credit to her aud to the race as it shall one day
De. But so long as motherhood is kept ignor
ant, dependent and subject in status, just that
long wi.l heredity avenge the outrage upon
her womanhood, upon her personality/upon
her right to a dignifiod personal equal human
status by striking telling blows __c_ upon the
race.
It seems to me that in discussing no other
question in life is there so little logical rea
soning and so mucn arbitrary dogmatism as
in the questions which are usually embraced
under "woman's sphere." ln the first place,
It is assumed that because women are mothers
they are nothing else ; that because this is her
sphere, she can nave, should have, no other. .
Now, men are fathers. That is their sphere;
therefore they should not be menially devel
oped, legally and politically emancipated,soci
ally civilized or economically Independent.
This would appear to most men as a some
what absurd proposition. It appears so to me,
but it is not one whit less absurd when ap
plied to women. Yet this is constantly done.
Because women are mothers is the very reason
why they should be developed mentally and
physically to their highest possible capacity.
The old theory that a teacher was good
enough lor a primary class if she knew the
"A B C's" and a litile else has long since been
exploded. A high degree of intellectual ca
pacity and a broad mental grasp are more im
portant in those who have the training and
molding of small children than if the chil
dren were older. The younger the mind the
less capable is it to guide I itself Intelligently,
and therefore the more important it is that
the guide be both wise and well-informed.
With little children the one who has them
ln charge most closely must be all this and
more. She must understand the proportion
and relations of things and wherein they
touch the bearing and trend of mental and
physical phenomena. She must furnish so.f
poise to the nervous child and stimulus to the
phlegmatic ones. She must be able to read
signs and to interpret indications in the men
tal and moral, as well as in the physical being
of those within her care. AIL this she must be
__>l 2to do readily and with apparent uncon
sciousness if she is best fitted to deal witn and
develop small children. More than this, -she
must not only be ab.e to detect wants, nut
have the wisdom to guide, to stimulate, to re
strain, to develop the plastic creature ln her
keeping. If she had the wisdom of the fabled
gods and the seli-poise of the Milo she would
not be too well equipped for bearing and edu
cating the race within her keeping.
But more than this the ideal mother should
know and be. She must have love, too loyal,
and sense of obligation too profound, to reck
lessly bring Into the world children she can
not pioperiy endow or care for. Every men
tally, morally or physically defective child has
a right to demand of its mother bow she dared
equip him so badly for the life Into which she
ha*, takeu the liberty to bring him, to demand
of her how she dared to equip herself so ill for
her self-imposed task of creator of a human
souL _ffl_-_i ._,".__....... -_■-,-*■.■;-■>.'
Up ■to the present time woman's moral re
sponsibility in heredity has been below the
point cf zero, for the simple reason that she
has had no voice in her" own control nor in
■ that of her children.
But with the present knowledge of heredity,
with woman's enlarged opportunity and
broadened education, she who permits herself
* to become a mother without having demanded
and obtained first her own freedom from sex
domination, and second, fair and free condi
tions of development for herself and child,
will commit a crime against herself, against
her child and against mankind.
Mothers, you bave it In your power to make
it true in a lofly sense" that "the hand that
rocks the cradle shall rule the worid. " It Is
for you to say whether it shall be ruled for
good or for ill in the days that are to come.
A spirited discussion followed, Mrs.
Gardener and Dr. Beeeher taking opposite
sides. Miss- Beeeher declaring that he
redity could be overcome. Mrs. Gardener
'retorted that . Dr. Beeeher was a living
example of heredity. "Look at her," she
said", "why, she couldn't help looking like
the Beeeher family to save her life." The
Brahmacbarin made a short speech. A
few remarks by Mrs. Carr closed the
session. "_- » : -.*. '•..- *
Mrs. Gardener will deliver a lecture next
Friday evening. ! An effort is being made
to secure Golden Gate Hall for that even
ing. !-..•*_>•'••--"•■' .'_.-_•
56
©* *_____; *^-H
•____, __r^ ' >___i^_*§sis^-.
i KID AY?.. APRIL SO, 1897
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDUt,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Free:
Pally end Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . .. 6.00
Doily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
Wi-.-_.Lv Call, one year, by mall *U0
BUSINESS OFFICE:
_ It) Market Street,
_ nT i Fraucisco, California.
Telephone j____ln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
til. Clay street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery s reet, corner Clar : open until
IS* o'clock.
380 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW*. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
i.618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street, open un;.. 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N\\. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB
-9JB Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, __ 1 -.rk Row. New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you poir.R to tin- country on a vacation? If
so. It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for yon will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO KXTII.i CHARGE.
Greece has begun sparring for wind.
The European stocK exchanges continue
to bet on the Turk. #
Eastern fruit ha- been badly nipped by
the frost and California fruit will have to
fill a big gap this season.
It tooK a doctor to cure the Kentucky
spasm and he was enterprising enough to
take the Senatorship lor his fee.
•
The Spanish officeis are getting out of
Cuba, not so much to escape the sickly
season as to get rid of too much Weyler.
Every man who invests a dollar and
tries his best by industry to make two dol
lars out of it is an advance agent of pros
perity and helps to get it started.
With Carlisle and Blackburn out of the
Senate Kentucky may rightly consider
herself at the beginning of a new era and
proceed to count on better things.
Greater New York may be good, and '-
even excellently good, bat tbat there is _>
finer aspiration for municipalities is made
evident by a movement to bring about
what is called "Better Boston."
— .
According to the latest reports from
Kentucky, General Cassius M. Clay, al
though nearly 85 years old, is as vigorous
as the average man of 50, and the slip of a
girl whom he married two or three years
ago has developed into a splendid type of
womanhood..
The Boston Journal has had interviews
with ail the New England delegation in
Congress and has learned from them that
they do not expect the tariff bill to be
adopted before July 1, while one of them,
Congressman Walker, declared the date ;
would more likely be October L
Waiter Besant is trying to start a boom
for a general observance of Shakespeare's ■
birthday as a public holiday throughout
the English-speaking world, but it looks
100 much like another effort to elevate the
stage to mage much of an impression on
an over-wearied American public
A treaty of friendship and commerce
has been signed between Germany and
Orange Free State, and as a consequence a
new element has been infused into the
South African situation which may make
British diplomacy in that part of the
world take a second thought and revise
some of its plans.
Reports from New York assert that nine
tenths of the fruit ciop along the Hudson
has been destroyed and similar damage
is fear d in Delaware and New Jersey.
Reports from other States are almost as
bad and it looks as if fruit would be a lux
ury in many parts of this country where it
has hitherto been plentiful.
The absence of ex-President Harrison
from the Grant ceremonial has occasioned
a good deal of comment in the East, and
was certainly of a nature to cause some
surprise. However excellent may have
been his business at home he would
have been engaged In 'better if be had
token part in the National honor to his
old commander.
HSome idea of the rush of people to ob
tain office may be gathered from the re
cently announced fact that the number of
candidates or such positions in the civil
service of New York bas been so great
that the "eligible list" now contains the
name* of about 25.C00 persons. This is in
one State and for Stale offices only. The
National rush must have millions in it.
The recent celebration of "Patriots
day" in Boston was marked by a reunion
of veterans of the British army who are
now living in that neighborhood. Tne re
union seems to bave been a plea' Ant one
and the assembly on that day was justi
fied in the minds of their American
friends by the fact that many of the veter
ans had served this country well on the
batt.'e-field of the Civil War.
The new loan bill which has just been
recommended to the Council by the Mayor
of 80-ton includes an item of $150,000 for
the Health Denartment, and it is ex
plained that the money is to be used for
the erection of public conveniences on a
comprehensive scale in all sections of the
city. This will be a new development in
American municipalities, but -it is one
that is much needed.- An improvement of
the kind was recommended in this City
by Mayor Sutro, and now that Boston is
about to lead the way we may follow her
example some day.
Information has been given to the
Treasury Department at Washington that
30«J Chinese ar- on their way to this coun
try and expect to be able to enter on the
plea that they have been engaged for the
Chinese exhibit at the Nashville exposi
tion, .Fortunately we have a Pacific
Coast man in the Cabinet and the admin
istration will not permit this particular
dodge to be worked as successfully as it
has been. The new comers will find them
selves headed off on their arrival here and
the only benefit they will get from their
expedition will be such as accrues to
health from an ocean voyage in the steer
age.
SOUTHEEN CALIFOENIA.
If the people of Southern California feel
the need of any tonic stimulus after read
ing the depressing account of lite in their
section as described in Miss Harraden's
story of California life, they can find it in
an article by William E. Smythe in the
current number of th- Atlantic, on "Real
Utopias in. the Arid West." The portion
of the article devoted to Southern Cali
fornia is not lon , but it is sufficient to
dispel any gloomy ideas which may bo
held, either at home or abroad, con
cerning that beautiful section of our
country.
Mr. Smythe says the evolution of South
ern California may be studied In the ex
perience of two representative colonies,
Anaheim and Riverside, and of the or
ganization, development and success of
these he gives an account whose truth
needs no addition of glowing adjectives or
laudatory phrases to make it attractive to
home-seekeis. After pointing out that
the districts in which these now-flourish
ing settlements have grown up were once
regards.! as barren wastes, he describes
the condition of prosperity which obtains
there and pictures the life of the people
as far superior to that of rural residents in
any portion of the East.
Miss Harrad. n's heroine found her chief
objection to the country in its lack of so
ciety, but Mr. Smythe asserts that it is
the social side of these Southern Cali
fornia colonies which makes the strongest
appeal to popular interest. The homes
and avenues of Riverside, he says, "which
have been evolved from an inferior sheep
pasture in less than a generation, are
among the most beautiful in the world."
He emphasizes the fact that homes of
similar beauty and comfort in the sub
urban districts of great Eastern cities
belong to people wiio enjoy a degree of
prosperity much above the average, while
in the Southern Cahornia colonies these
l omes and surroundings belong to average
people who earn their living by tilling the
soil.
The writer also notes that the beautiful
homes and high-average prosperity at
tained on the small farms and orchards in
th" irrigate districts of Southern Cali
fornia have not spoiled the democratic
simplicity or lessened the hospitality of
these communities. As an illustration of
this he rites an incident that occurred
shortly after the adjournment of the In
ternational Irrigation Congress at Los
Angeles in 1893, the delegates to which at
tended a banquet given by the people ol
Santa A.na.
At the cose of this feast Senor de
Ybarrola, representative of Mexico, in an
after-dinner speech paid a handsome com
pliment to the ladies who had waited tin
the table. One of the representatives
from France afterward expressed surprise
that a public compliment should be given
to servants, and was amazed when in
formed that those wo had waited on the
table were the leading ladies of Santa Ana.
"Do you mean to tell me." asked the
French delegate, "that the lending ladies
put on aprons to serve stranger.?" "Cer
tainly," was the reply, "for in this coun
try service is a title to respect."
The incident, as Mr. Smythe says,
"illustrates at once the hospitality and
the equality which are characteristic of
the social life of Southern California";
and we can add that if Miss Harraden's
heroine, or any other person, is unfitted
to enjoy life in such society and amid
such surroundings she has only herself to
blame. In all such dissatisfied persons
there has been a defect in the bringing up,
and, like Mrs, Peyser's chickens, they
ought -to be "hatched over again and
hatched different."
THE LINCOLN MONUMENT.
The movement for the erection in San
Francisco of a monument to Abraham
Lincoln has already won popular favor,
and those who are directing it are receiv
ing every day promises of support which
are in the highest degree encouraging to
their hopes of early success. Reports sub
milted at the last meeting show that the
dtmand for certificates of membership in
the Lincoln Monument League Associa
tion is very great. A first edition of 20,000
has been printed end is being distributed
as rapidly as possible.
The Grand Army of the Republic is not
to be left to perform alone the work of
raising money for the monument. Several
other organizations and associations of in
fluence have promised their help in the
enterprise, and a large body of earnest
and vigilant workers is therefore assured.
It is only necessary that the movement so
well started should be vigorously pushed
in order for it to reach a speedy realiza
tion of the object toward which it is di
rected.
It is .gratifying to all patriotic citizens
to note the willingness of the people to
co-operate in a movement of this kind. A
monument to Abraham Lincoln should
have an honorable and an honored place
in every American city. Such tributes to
the worth of the martyred President re
flect credit upon the communities that
raise them, and San Francisco cannot af
fo-d to be the only city of metropolitan
eminence In America that lacKs such an
evidence of her artistic skill and such a
proof of her loyalty to the memory of the
best-beloved ruler that ever presided over
the destinies of a nation in all tides of
time.
THE KENTUCKY SENATOESHIP.
The breaking of the legislative dead
lock fn Kentucky by the election of Dr.
William J. Deboe to the United Slates
Senate will probably have the double ef
fect of putting an end to the dissensions
among Republicans caused by the strife
aetween Governor Bradley and Mr.
Hunter, wu iie increasing the discord be
tween the gold and silver wings of the
Democratic party by sending the aggres
sive Joe Blackburn to join Carlisle in that
outer cold where they can keep them
selves warm only by nursing a wrath
which will fire the blood to the fighting
point
The newly elected Senator is not known
to National politics, but he introduces
himself well with the statement, "I be
long to the school of Republicans of
Blame, MoKinley and Sherman. I am a
protectionist. I favor the passage of the
tariff bill and am for sound money. lam
in thorough accord with the Republican
administration at Washington." With
that introduction Dr.' Deboe hardly needs
further recommendation to the public,
and there will be general gratification
when he takes his seat in the Senate and
adds there a vote much needed by the Re
publicans in their efforts to build., up the
industries of the country and provide for
the welfare of the people.
. It has certainly been a strange mutation
In politics that has brought about the
overthrow of John G. Carlisle and Joseph
C. BlPCKburn in Kentucky. A compara
tively short time ago such an occurrence
was regarded as one of the improbabilities
that might be classed among impossibili
ties. So absurd did such a contingency
seem that Colonel Robert Ingersoll once
stated in a public speech that he would
believe in hell when Kentucky went Re
publican. To-day Kentucky has a Re
publican Governor, Republican Legisla
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1897.
ture, and a Republican United States
Senator. ? ■ • _C :
The Democrats who controlled the poli
tics of tho Sine and won office and fame
for themselves in the Nation have gone
from power. Utterly discredited and
divided one airainst the other in bitter
feuds, they have so demoralized their
party that there is little hope for them of
regaining their former prestige, and we
have probably sen the last of Carlisle,
Blackburn and Breckinridge as conspicu
ous figures in National politics.
The new Senator will undoubtedly have
to exert himself vigorously to fill the
place of the Senator whom he succeeds, for
with all his laults, Joe Blackburn, as the
people of Kentucky delight to call him, is
a man of more than ordinary force of
character. His personality is one of the
most interesting in political life, and
while it is best for the welfare of the busi
ness interests of the country that he as
well as other free-traders and erratic
statesmen shonld be dismissed from office,
the Senate will nevertheless miss him,
and its debates will be duller for the lack
of the vim and vigor of his oratory and
his actons. *
DISGUSTED __PANIAEDS.
The announcement from Havana that
Spanish officers are leaving Cuba in larce
numbers, and that those who are forced
to remain do so unwillingly, is more sig
nificant of the success of the patriots
than even the reports which come to us
of the victories oi Garcia. If the Spanish
troops were winning any glory, or if there
were any chance of Spanish success, the
higher officers would not be hastening and
eager to leave the field of battle. On the
contrary, tbey would be desirous o** re
maining to share in the victory after hav
ing for so long a time taken part in the
struggle. Their departure, therefore, is
clear ominous of cer an defeat.
According to some reporis the depart
ing officers are dissatisfied not merely
with the ill success of the war, but with
the character and policy of General .Sev
ier. No open criticisms on his course
have been expressed for obvious reasons,
but it is clear that the dissatisfaction is
widespread, since the suspicion exists in
Havana that many of the rearing officers
are leaving the island more because of
their object- ons to the commanding
general than of anything else.
Il is staled that since March 1, 1895.
Spain has sent to Cuba ten generals, 775
regimental officers and ever 180,000 sol
diers. With ali this force Weyler has suc
ceeded in attaining no sort of military
success, and his only accomplishments
have been the laying waste of wide dis
tricts of the country and filling the minds
of peaceful cultivators with terror. Des
titution and fear have been the means by
which he has sought to establish peace,
and it is not to be wondered that the offi
cers who are charged with carrying out
his cruel orders feel in many cases senti
ments of revolt which they cannot con
ceal even though they dare not express
them openly.
The light which dawns for Cuba ad
vances by slow degrees, but is sure and
steady in its movements. Little seems to
be gained from one week to another, or
even from month to month, but when we
contrast the conditions of the patriots
with those under which they were strug
gling a year ago, we can see that much
has been accomplished for liberty and
that the cause of independence bas made
notable progress. To the eyes of those on
the island, the evidence of this advance
on the part ol '.he -patriots is clearer and
more convincing than to outsiders. All
reports from the Spanish side show that
the spirit of the army has been demor
alized and that the higher officers are dis
gusted, while those from the side of the
patriots reveal an unbroken resolution
and a brightening hope.
LAY LAY.
'Tis now the blushing tenant, with a smile upon
his lips. -
Doth lie is. wait upon tha road 'long which his
landlord trips;
Armed with a lease that's near ron out, which,
held above his head.
Doth fill the poor old landlord's soul with horror
ana with dread.
He brandishes that fearful lease, that contract
moribund.
And through its dying power he diminishes the
fund
The landlord— pooi old duffer he— had fondly
hoped at best
To keep to pay h.s taxes and a little interest.
"I'm going to leave," the tenant cries, '-upon the '
Ist oral ay,
I vow 1 will not rest with you another single day;
The house is co.d, the house Is vie, the plumbing ;
it so bud,
That were I not most careful almost anything I'd
bad. £
"Vet if you'll put a now roof on, extension ln the
• r->ar.
A brand-new furnace and some paint, I'll stay an
other .ear;
Though, goodness knows, as I have said, the
house is truly vile,
Tban move I'd rather have these things and stay
a little while. ■.'*."..."
"Bat"— gasps the little landlord. Says the tenant:
"No. » but.
New paper, paint and plumbing, or I leave your
skimpy hut;
And funnei more I wish to say— on this I'm truly ,
bent— :• i- .•. . *
I will not stay a minute if you don't reduce the'
rent!"
And thentbe landlord sorrowing goes back Into
his home
And tears the gladsome verse on May from out the
poet's tome.
"The gladdest day of all the year!" he sneers, and
rubs his pate— -_ i
" 'Tis evident that Tennyson had little real estate."
— Harper's Bazar.
WHH YOUR COFFEE.
"I heard quite a compliment paid to my
business abilities to-day," said Mr. Grabbs,
rubbing his hands cheerfully.
"What was It, dear," asked his wife.
"Wilson told Brown that I was the biggest
hog he ever had any dealings with in a busi
ness way."— lndianapolis Journal.
"My mother-in-law must catch that train,
driver, so hurry up."
Driver— Count on me! I shall drive as if she
were my own.— Fliegende Blatter.
Gadsby— Might I awsk, my dear sir, what in
the name of common-sense you wepwesent? ,
Unknown Quantity— Certainly, sir; I repre
sent Fittemnit & Co.. your tailors, Mr. Gads
by, and I have here a little bill that we
have been trying to collect for the past eight j
months.— Judge.
Mrs. Benham— Henry, this parrot talks all
the time.
Mr. Benham— That's right; get Jealous of a
poor little bird I— Twinkles.
"It is the nature of a child to be wanting
to do something," said the enthusiastic kind
ergartener.
"As far as I have noticed," said the mother
of six. "it is the nature of a child to be
wanting to do something else."— Cincinnati
Enquirer. " ____________^_____
SHE SPANK Li; GeNeRaL GRANT
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Mrs. T. P. George, aged 102 years, and un
doubtedly the oldest person in Clermont
County, died the other day of the grip. She
was for a number of years a resident of Point
Pleasant, tbe home and birthplace of General
U. 8. Grant, and said that she had on one occa
sion spanked him for throwing stones upon
the roof of her bouse.
A KANSAS CUstOM GONE
Troy Chief.
What has become of the old-fashioned man
who used to ride Into town from the country
on horseback, carrying a neatly trimmed corn
stalk which everybody knew was a sign that
somebody was dead and he was bringing lv a
; measure ior the coffin. ' -;-.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
What would you lite in a Sunday newspaper? Ask yourself the question.
If you really think about it you will conclude that you would like a number cl read
able, non-sensational articles that are inter
esting, entertaining and instructive, prefer
ably about California.
If that is what you really wish you can bi
gratified by getting a copy of next Sunday'!
Call, It will be full of good things of thi
kind mentioned. In fact it will be rignl
abreast of the times, and contain all the new_
that is fit to print.
Of course, you arc interested in the
Woman's Congress. Everybody who pretend'
to keep up with the times is. The daily paper;
contain reports of the proceedings of the as
sembly, but there is a certain aspect of ii
which they neve overlooked. It is a most im
portant one, and next Sunday's Call will tell
you all about it.
The spring exhibition at the Hopkins Insti
tute is of the greatest interest to Callfornlans,
as it marks the artistic progress of tlie com
munity. The exact standing of this exhib:
tion has been a matter for much discussion
A careful estimate of this has been mads, and
it will be published hi next Sundiy's papar,
together with descriptions and drawings ol
some of the most Interesting pictures.
The unprecedented flight of a carrier-pigeon
over the Sierra Nevalas from Carson is de
scribed. The bird had been taken from this
City and would have returned nere but for th.
fact that it was captured before it reached
here. The Instinct that guided it through the
trackless air is wondenul and incompre
hensive. You can read all about this pigeon in The Call.
There will also be a most Interesting article about the logging camps and a description <-»
t_- latest methods of handling the big logs.
The way they are drag ged all over the moun
tains from a central power plant is graph
ically described. -*_»•'
A hitherto unpublished letter from Genera
Grant to General Sherman will bo made pub
lic. It refers to an incident when the great
warrior ordered a certain newspaper corre
spondent arrested for publishing what Grant
considered an erroneous ace >unt of a battle.
Among other features there will be a bur
lesque on certain elevating features of the new
journalism.
President McKinlev's democratic way of
living is the subject of a bright article. His
high station d>es not obscure the fact that ho
is an American citizen.
On the book page there will be found some
comments on Beatrice Harraden's latest
work, "Hilda Strafford." and also the latest
new in the literary world.
The children's page will be fully up to the
usual high standard set by The Call, and is
sure to interest both young and oid. The page
will be profusely illustrated with original
drawings by members of The Call art depart
ment.
A new recorling phonograph will be de
scribed. This article will be a revelation to
many people, as It points to aome of the won
derful possibilities likely to be realized in the
near future.
"The Cards of All Nations" will be Inter
esting to all lovers of the little "pasteboards"
whether they are expert players or not.
A maid from Boston is inspired to let fall
some guttering truths anent the deficiencies
of the Hub city in comparison with San* Fran
cisco. She was born and bred under Puritan
ical discipline and custom, but her first expe
rience of the free-and-easy air of the Golden
State has worked a radical change in her
views and inclinations.
. In short, The Call will be an Ideal Sunday paper, and you will miss a treat if you don't
read it. .■-'.. . f
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
Chief Justice W. L. Chambers of Samoa, who
is on his way to Apia, and who arrived here
from Washington a day or two ago, hts definite
views as to the full province of the office,
which is tilled by joint appointment of the
three great powers, Germany, the United States
and Great Britain. lie said yesterday at the
Palace, in connection with other details as to
the duties of the office:
"The Supreme Court shall have jurisdiction
of all questions arising under the provisions
of this general act : and the decision or order
of the court thereon shall be conclusive upon
all residents of Samoa. The court shall also
have appellate jurisdiction over all municipal
magistrates and officers.
"The chief justice is authorized at his own
discretion, and quired upon written request
of either party lltieant, to appoint assessors,
one of the nationality of each litigant, to assist
the court, but without voice in the decision.
"In case any question shall hereafter arise
ln Samoa respecting the rightful election or
appointment of king or any other chief claim
ing authority over the islands, or respecting
the validity of the rowers which the king or
any chief may claim in the exercise of his
office, such question shall not lead to war, but
shall be presented for decision to the chief
justice of Samoa, who shall decide it in
writing, conformably to the provisions of this
act and to the laws and customs of Samoa, not
in conflict therewith; and the signatory
Governments will accept and abide by such
decisions.
"In case any difference shall arise between
either of the treaty powers and Samoa, which
they shall fall to adjust by mutual accord,
such difference shall not be held cause for war,
but shall bo toferred for adjustment on the
principles of justice, and equity to the Chief
Justice of Samoa, who shall make his decision
thereon in writing."
The treaty of Berlin between the United
States, Great Britain and Germany provided
that in case the signatory powers could not
agree upon a Chief Justice, the King of Sweden
should appoint him. This was done in tho
case of the first Chief Justice, and Baron Ce
darcrantz was named. Judge Chambers has
been identified with Samoan affairs for some
years, and when it became necessary to ap
point another Chief Justice England and Ger
many requested that he be selected. This met
with the approval of the United States, and
PresidcntCieveland appointed him. The Jus
tice will reach Aoia by the steamer Monowai.
MEN AND WOMEN
Addington Park, at Croydon, a country seat
of the Archbishop of Canterbury, is to be sold,
as the cost of maintaining it is very great. Tho
manor is burdened by the feudal service of
presenting a mess of pottage to the King at
his coronation. ■■ ■ ■*■■■■ ■ ■ - .**.*."; f;*_*
The old Washington Hall in Durham, Eng
land, which is supposed by some to have been
the seat of George Washington's ancestors, has
been bought by an American for only $2000.
It is described as "picturesque and full of
rheumatism."
Father Boniface M. Krug, whom Pope Leo
has appointed Abbot of Monte Cassluo, the
mother of all the Benedictine monasteries of
the world, though born in Germany, was
brought up In tho United States, taking his
vows at the Abbey ot St. Vincent in Pennsyl
vania. He entered the Monte Cassi no Con
vent during the Civil War. _._ .
Henry Russell, who was born at Sherner on
December 24, 1812, is the oldest living Eng
lish composer. He has composed and pub
lished more than 800 songs. Hissong, "Cheer,
Boys, Cheer," is the air played by the guards'
drum and fife band when a British regiment
leaves for abroad, and "A Life on the Ocean
Wave" was in 1889 adopted by order of the
Admiralty as the special march of the royal
marines.
Henry M. Paul, who has beon nominated by
the President for the position of professor of
mathematics at the Naval Academy, has ben
on duty at the Naval Observatory since 1888.
He became an assistant astronomer at the ob
servatory in 1875, and in 1883 he occupied
the chair of astronomy at the Imperial Japa
nese University at Tokio. Ho remained there
for a few years and then returned to the
United State. ' ■ '- " "'-'
EOOIS FOR .VO IBS*
Corruption in elections is" very widespread
In Italy. An old way, the Pall Mall Gazette
says, was to cut a banknote in two, giving one
half to the voter before ' the election and the
other half if the candidate gained his seat.
This election an idea more luminous was put
into practice by a candidate in the constitu
ency composed mainly of -peasants. He pur
chased 500 pairs of good solid boots, one of
which he gave to each man. promising he
mate when he was elected. In that district
now 500 pairs of . new ' shoes are tramping
about the fields.
PERSONAL.
Senator D. A. Ostrom of Yuba is at the
Grand.
George F. Buck, an attorney of Stockton, is
in town.
C. E. Boldte, a sugar-gTower of Hawaii, is in
the City. "■•'.
H. Burton of Hongkong, China, Is a late
arrival here.
It. T. Root, a leading mining man of Denver,
is in the City.
H. F. Merrill, wife and child, of Peking, are
at the Occidental. _._-■_/ "i _■;'.'. ?..'•.*: ' ., '_■'_ r' •"-
A. A. McDonald, a mining man of Grizzly
Flat, is at the Ru<s. ••-•.":■
E. May of the Union Meat Company, Port
land, is at the Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. Alexander of San Rafael are
visiting friends here.
J. F. Cooney, an attorney of Eureka, is
among the visitors here.
Ex-State Senator J. N. Gillett of Eureka is
paying a visit to this City.
A. B. Brown and Miss Brown of Edinburgh,
Scotland, are at the Palace.
The Rev. A. Brinlter and Dr. A. Cunningham
of Honolulu are in the City.
Superior Judge G. W. Nlcoll of Sonoma, came
down to the City last night.
John McGonlgle, editor of the Ventura
Democrat, is at the Baldwin.
District Attorney Frank D. Ryan of Sacra
mento is here on a short visit.
Dr. C. Schultner of China was one of the
arrivals on the steamer Doric yesterday.
K. Dinklage of Austria, an extensive trav
eler, who is now on a tour of the world, is In
town.
The Count A. Lebedoff was among the pas
sengers by yesterday's steamer from Japan
and China.
John F. Carrere, a newspaper man of Los
Angeles, at one time editor of the Express is
in the City.
The Mme. Lydia Marnreoff yon Finkelstein
Mountford ot Russia, wrote her name at the
Palace last night.
F. A. Hihn, the millionaire real estate owner
of Santa Cruz and San Francisco, arrived from
the former city yesterday.
James L. Sperry, tne owner of the Big Trees
and the hotel at that place, is here on a short
visit and is at the Occidental.
H. A. Covarubias of Los Angeles, United
i States Marshal for the Southern District of
California, arrived here yesterday.
Rev.L. P. Peet, Mrs. Peet, H. P.Whitney
and Miss Whitney, missionaries of Foochow,
China, are in tbe City ou their way East.
Mrs. Alexander and four children, Miss
Emma Alexander, Miss 11. Brittan and Miss
J. M. McCauley of Toklo are at the Occidental.
Mrs. Albert Kielnschmidt, wife of the widely
known banker of Helena, Mont., and Miss
Kieinschmidt were among yesterday's arrivals
at the Palace. ..'.*•
Olive M. Blunt, a missionary of, Japan, was
one of the arrivals Dy tho boric yesterday.
She is accompanied by a Japanese maid and is
at the Occidental.
E. Stanley Gibbons of London, an extensive
stamp collector, was among the arrivals from
Japan and China yesterday. He is accom
i panied by Miss Gibbons.
John M. Gearin, ex-District Attorney of
Multnomah County, Or., and one of the best
-1 known men In. the legal profession In the
Northwest, is at the Palace.
David Evans, the millionaire mill and tim
ber owner of Eureka, Humboldt Bay, was one
of the arrivals here yesterday. He is one of
the early residents of that part of California.
John S. Dorr, the vineyardist of Fresno, who
Is a member of the State Central Committee of
the Populist party and also a member of the
National Committee, is here on a business
trip. He is at the Lick.
H. V. Bruner, superintendent of mines on
Baran off Island, near Siika, has arrived here,
accompanied by Mrs. Bruner. He says that
just before he left a very large discovery of
quartz was made in the mine.
Fred Beaudry. one of the prominent mining
operators of LeadviUe, who for the past three
years has been largely interested in company
with French capitalists in "the purchase and
development of mines la Trinity County, is in
the City.
I James F. Connolly, United, States Consul at
Kobe, Jap in, ) arrived here on the steamer
Doric yesterday and went East an hour or two
therealter. _ Mr. . Connolly was appointed by
President Cleveland and has almost served
out his term. - ■ , _.
M. V. Norose, S. Yoshida, T. Muramatsu,
directors, and M. Sunitomo, president of a
large Japaness bank, arrived here yesterday.
It is stated that they have come to study the
finances of this country with the idea of
adopting the desirable features in Japan.
Herr Albert C **?"«, who has been on a
three years' visit *6 California, will return to
his home in Belgium this morning. Herr
Curlier was formerly connected with the Agri
cultural Department of his native country
and ranks high in agricultural engineering.
Frank A. Kimball, the big land-owner of
National City, San Diego County, is in town.
He is the founder of the town where he lives,
has been engaged in banking, grain and fruit
growing, and also owns an extensive marble
quarry. He is here "" « business trip and is
re ■ istered at the Grand.
Eiwood Cooper, the extensive ollvc-grower,
known for along time, till he disposed of his
orchards soma two years ago, as the King of
olive-growers, and who in times past has, as
at present, occupied prominent positions on
horticultural and agricultural commissions
is up from his home at Eiwood, Santa Barbara
County. "
CALIFORN.AiNS 1.. Ni -V YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., April 29.— At the St.
Cloud— AY. K. Ball; Astor— G. Baytia; Grand
Union— Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Vincent; Holland—
W. S. Martin, L. Chesman, Mrs. G. W. Mc-Near;
St. Denis— F. Kiefce; Imperial— Mrs. A. Sweln
furth; Stuart— A. D. Jones; Netherlnnd— Miss
D. McAllister: Plaza— C. H. Crocker, G. P.
Clarkson. J. F. Sprang *r and E. Leszynsky are
here buying. L. Wltzen left the St. Cloud to
sail on the Weimer for Bremen.
FRATERNAL DEPARTMENT.
Leo Assembly of the Young Men's Cath
olic l'nion Celebrates Iti Ninth
Anniversary.
. The ninth anniversary of Leo Assembly No.
4, Y. M. C. U., was celebrated in B'nal B'rith
Hull Wednesday night by sn entertainment
and dance, given under the direction ol the
following committees and officers : Commit
tee of arrangements— J. J. Mclnerney, Joseph
Cullen, M. Kennealy, W. A. Lynch, P. Tamony,
P. Funcheon, M. O'Connor, J. J. Borden: Re
ception c- mmittee— V. Uollqy, P. Btbzcl, Dr.
T. F. Brennan, F. H. Jung, W. H. Phllpot. M.
E. Finn, Peter O'Connor, J. J. Keating, B.
Murphy, P. E. McCarthy, M. Roger., i). M.
o"__uiiiVan, G. P. Peraca, P. McVey; floor man
niter, C. F. Culverweli; assistant floor manager,
M. Kennealy; floor committee— P. Stapleton,
M. "Lallan, Peter Morrin, M. Moriarty, D.
Breen, _. L. Powelson, James Powers.
The programme that was presented to the
large audience lhnt occupied the main body of
the hall and ti led the gailerics included the
following numbers: Overture, orchestra;
opening remarks, J. J. Sneahan; piano solo,
William Mc-Devitt; song, Joseph Hanson;
fancy deuces, the Misses Bessie and Pearl
Allen; address, P. J. McCormick; comic spe
cialties, Messrs. Kelly and Marlow; vocal solo,
Miss Minnie Marlow (accompanist, Miss Mac
Sheridan); musical imitator?, Messrs. Masse tt
and Clark; barytone solo, William Coughlln
( .ccompnnist, John Coscrove): trombone solo.
Jan.es A. Foley; specialties, Miss C.aire Fex
(accompanist. Miss E.la Mullin.)
The programme as a whole was a very enter
taining one and was received with many
marks of approbation. In his address Presi
dent McCormick gave a brief account of the
assembly and its purposes and detailed what
it has done since its organization nine years
ago. It now has a membership of 180, and
despite the hard times during the past year it
has made wonderful Increase. The officers of
the assembly are: President, P.J. McCormick;
first vice-president, Thomas McUuire; second
vice-president, W. F. Gleason; recording sec
retary, J. J. Sneanau; financial secretary, D.
F. Ahearn ; treasurer, J. J. Mclnerney; mar
shal. T. Jordan; sentinel, Thomas Higgins;
medical examiner, Dr. T. F. Brennan; trus
tees—T. N. Leuihan (chairman). M. Kennealy
(-ecretary), N. Lynch, M. Hessioa, N. F. O'Con
nor, P. Morrin and P. Brennan.
Independent Order of Foresters.
G. A. McE fresh, high chief ranger, will dur
ing the month of May De among the courts in
the northern and central part of the State and
during the last week of the month will be
with tbe courts of San Francisco.
The courts in all parts of the State are very
active and the reports show that the order is
Increasing in this State. Ou an average the
number of accepted applications for some
months past has been in excess of 250.
On the Ist Inst the total membership of the
order was 110,000 and the reserve fund
amounted to $2, 134.000.
It is expected that a new court will be in
stituted in Sbcramenlo next month, which
will increase the number iv that city to four,
and it is probable that another court will be
instituted next month in Stockton.
The high chief ranger, after an absence of
twenty-five days, returned to his home in Los
i Angeles in time to take part in the fiesta. He
visited Butte, Glenn and Colusa counties and
addressed enthusiastic meetings in Chico, Or
land, Maxwell, Williams, Colusa and Wood
land. He succeeded in securing 135 applica
tions, which represent protection to the
amount of $181,000.
During the fiesta parade an attractive fea
ture was the section oi the uniform rank of
the Independent Order of Foresters repre
sented by eighty knights ln rich and co.tlv
new nnuorms. It was the only fraternal body
that appeared in the parade.
Knights of Pythias.
The report of the board of control of the En
dowment Rank of the Knights of Pythias for
the quarter ending on the J.Oth of last March
contains the following interesting statement:
The quarter just closed terminates another fiscal
year of the Endowment Hank, completing the
twentieth year of lis existence
1 he results which the board have from time to
time placed before the membership during the
past year evidence that the Interest manifested
in Pythian life insurance is constantly on tne in-
The work accomplished during the last three
months Is especially gratifying. Since January 1,
18;*7, 118 new sections bHve been established— a
gain of thirteen over the preceding quarter, The
new applicants admitted number 2749, and the
Insurance added amounts to $4,159.00 , while in
death claims there has teen paid during this
period $'-76,000.
Tbe figu.es representing the work accomplished
for the fiscal year are equally convincing that the
rank has reached the foremost place among ira
terr.al insnrauce.
For the twelve months ending March 31, 1897,
608 sections »ere organized, nearly 11.000 were
admitted to membership and over $16,000,000
new insurance written. The disbursement for
death losses during this period was 51, 012,000
and to the investment fund has been added
$64,833.
On April I, 1897. the sections In active opera
tion numbered 3190 and the membership 48,174.
the certiflca es representing an endowment of
§92,619,600. The resources— and Invest
ments—aggregated oearjy $466,001), and the total
amount paid to beneficiaries for death claims had
reached * 11,041,000.
Diana Circle, C. _. F., F. of A.
Diana Circle No. 22 of the Companions of
the Forest, Foresters of Ametica, gave a com
plimentary entertainment and hop to its
friends in Social Hall, Alcazar building, last
Wednesday, and the hall was crowded to its
capacity. There was given a programme
that, judging from the frequent and hearty
applause, gave the utmost satisfaction to the
listeners. Ii was prepared under the direc
tion of the committee on entertainment, com
posed of Miss M. Drisau, chairman; Frank M.
Ames, Mrs, M. Deagan, Miss Rosie Tschantz
aud A. Teitjen, anu included the following
numbers: Vocal solo, Thomas O'Brien; man
dolin trio. Misses M. Schlige, L. Kuischez and
Lillie Doherty; vocal solo, Miss Rosie Ber
nard; recitation, Lottie Dwyer; piano solo
Mrs. Haine; recitation. Miss" G. curry, and
vocalization by Miss G. Krause. After that
there was dancing that was kept up until it
was time to make for the last car.
Liberty _ircle, C. O. F.
There was an exceedingly pleasant gather,
ing in the meeting-hall of Liberty Circle, Com
panions of the Forest, in the Temple of tho
Maccabees last Wednesday night. After the
circle had transacted its routine business and
lour candidates had been initiated and six ap
plications read, the doors were thrown open
to receive those who were in attendance in an
adjoining room to take nart in a social dunce
that had been arranged by the committee com
posed of Mrs. T. Meyer. Mrs. N. Phelps Mr* G
McPherson and Mrs. G. Banz. ■ Unaer the di
rection of A. A. Banz. the floor manager danc
ing was kept up until a late hour '
This young circle, which has many enter
prising members on its roll, will give an enter
tainment and dance in Mission Opera Hall on
the evening of May 26.
National -Union.  '.;
Assessment No. 200, called April 10, will be
delinquent May 10.
Union Council No. 549 met Friday evening
and received one application and initiated
two new members. This council will receive
an official visit from the Cabinet May 14.
At the last meeting of Golden Gate Council
No. 551, held last Tuesday, one application
was received. . A specia. dispensation has beeu
granted, allowing this council to receive new
members up io June 1 at a rate of $2, to cover
all the cost of Initiation, medical examination
ana certificate, or policy. A committee was
appointed to prepare an entertainment for the
first meeting in June. The president r an
nounced that not one case of sickness among
the members had been reported for over a
year.
Ca ifornia Council No. 530 will work in the
Initiatory degree on Wednesday next, as there
are several candidates to bo initiated.
A Federal - om promise.
•-, Tung Yuen Co., cigar-makers at 722 Wash
ington street, have offered to compromise with
Is It True?
Yes ; it is true that nothing so
rapidly builds up the system as V.
pure stimulant, if taken regularly.^
Thousands have testified to this
fact and have unhesitatingly de-
clared that
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey
Has given them strength and energy
when all else has failed. Experi-
ments have proved it to be the
safest and purest of all medicinal
stimulants and the best thing for
giving stimulative nourishment to
those who are weak and run down.
Taken at meal time it sharpens the
appetite, aids digestion and in-
creases the power to assimilate
food. It soothes excited nerves,
restores lost vitality and gives a
feel ing of renewed strength to every
part of the body.
Ask your grocer or druggist for
Duffy's and refuse to take anything
else.
the Government and the offer has been sent
on to Washington by Internal Revenue Col
lector Loop. The conditions are kept seere t.
Lee Sine, who jumped his bonds the other
day, was a member of the firm and was ac
cused of tilling with "stinkadores" two boxes
bearing the brand of celebrated Havana cigars
with uncanceled stamps on the boxes.
Mr. Loop says the Government usually com
promises such cases.
SUBMITTED ITS CONTRACT.
The "Valley Road Boldly Faces an Im
portant Issue.
Argument was resumed before the Rail
road Commission yesterday in reference
to the validity ot . the traffic contract be
tween the Valley road and the California
Navigation and Improvement Company.
Ii was finally agreed by £. F. Preston,
attorney for the Valley road, to submit a
copy of the contract to the members cf
the commission for their personal inspec
tion, and the matter went over until next
Tuesday.
In the course of 'lie afternoon a copy of
the contract was delivered to Commis
sioner La Rue.
After the commission adjourned for the
day Chairman La Rue plated the repre
sentatives of the Union Transportation
Company, which is making a desperate
fight to break into the business of its
rival, in an embarrassing position.
"Isn't it rather strange," remarked Mr.
La line, with a smile, to counsel for the
complainant, "that your company, whicli
has refused to recognize the authority of
the commission when it was asked to file
its report with this body, should come to
it for relief against a rival? '
Counsel apologized for the bad behavior
of his client in the past and promised
better things in the future.
An English Barrister in Town.
Jame*. Ramsey, a barrister, of .London, Eng
land, has arrived here in connection with the
raising of money on the property of Mrs. James
Whitman Daniel, which was left her by tho
late John Coghiil. Mrs. Daniel was the widow
of the late Judge Hastings and is the sister of
Mrs. John Hemphill. Sho married Mr. Daniel,
a prominent member oi the Booties Club, Lon
don. They keep up residences, so it is stated,
in both London and Paris.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb., at Townsend's. "
* — *» — *.
Fpeciai. information daily to manufacturers,
business nouses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
> m. — i ! — !
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
The spring exhibition is now open daily
from 9 a. m. to 5 p. M. and gra d concert every
Thursday evening. *
m—m. — •
The ex-Empress Eugenic still cherishes a
true Spaniard's taste for strong scents, her
favorite odors being sandalwood and lemon
verbena. The Queen Regent of Spain has a
delicious perfume especially made for her usa
from the SDice-scented blossoms of the carna
tion. -
Faster Time on the Santa Fe Rout*.
Three and One-half D.ya to
Chicago or St. Louis — Four
and One-half Dava to
New York.
Leaving Pan Francisco Mondays and Thursdays.
at 5 p. m., connection is made at Barstow with the
famous Santa Fe limited train. Dining-car, buffet
smoking-car, vesttbuled Pullman, palace drawing
room, sleepers. The handsomest train on earth
equipment and appointments faultless. Dally
through sleeping-cars, bo.h palace and tourist,
Oakland pier to Chicago. Tickets also sold via
Ogden. Portland, xMojave, Los Angeles, Doming or
El Paso, to all points in the United States, Canada,
Mexico or Europe. Ticket office 644 Market
street, Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1831.
Railroad Tickets to the East via Ria
Grande Western and Denver and
Rio Grande Railway.,
At lowest possible rates, with through Putt ma _
buffet and tourist sleeping car service every da-y.
Personally conducted excursions leaving Tuesday
Wednesday aud Thursday. Only line permlttla .
stop-over at Salt Lake City on all classes of tlckats
Detailed Information and tickets furnished a. It
Montgomery street, or 314 California siren:.
"Mrs. -Vinalowa Soothing Syrup" .
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with pep.
fact success. It soothes tbe child, softens ihegums,
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates -be Bowel»
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether ana
log irom lee.h Ing or other causes, lor sale by drug
gists ln every part of the world. Be sure and ask
(or Airs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 26u a bottle^
Coboxado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry. soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Round- trip tickets, by steam
ship, md tiding fifteen days' board at the Iloteldel
Coronado, __0 ; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery reet. San Francisco.
Be sure and supply your toilet with a bottle of
Ayer'sHalr Vigor. It keeps the hair soft and
glossy, and the scalp cool and clean.
Sir John Bowriug used to tell several stories
about the peculiar consctentiousners of somo
of the Scotch voters. One of them said to h m
during a canvass: "If you don't believe in the
trinity, and wish us to vote for you, we must
have ten shillings a head Instead of five.
_ s^!LJ_?_______i___i
If you are a poor cook, buy
a cook book, follow directions
closely, see the result. Fail-
ure six in ten times. How
long would you keep a cook
who failed half the time?
That's just the point. We
tell your doctor or your drug-
gist precisely the ingredients
of "Scott's Emulsion. To
make it they follow our for-
mula. But they can't make
it; they haven't our precise
knack; don't know each step
perfectly. When you can
get the best, the result of 25
years' experience, why exper-
iment with substitutes?ft*** _f*fafl
©W mimmsam 13****
_ft-J^i-_i^ 'l-S»_S-^S___i9Q y _-- yj^
FRIDAY APRIL 30. 1897
AMUSEMENTS.
JlAi.mviv Theater — Primrose and West's
Minstrels.
Columbia Thkatkr A Bun on the Bank"
Mobosco'sOpkra-Hocsk -* The Smugglers.
Alcazar Thkatkr a Noble Bozne '
Tivoi-i Ofkra House stiamus O'Brien."
Okpjiki-m —High-Class Vaudeville.
Central Park— Bi ball to morrow.
«- --oper M epical Cou.ua i .— i.ane Lectures.
t'l'Tßo Baths Bathing and Performances.
The Chutes and Bkatino Rink— Daily at
Haight street, one bloc- east of the Park.
Havwakii s Park.— Concerts every Sunday.
rtACU-it Coast Jockey Cub.— Kaces to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
El (ami-,.— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday.
Al-1 10. - : Al- S
By -T'ha _ I.kvt ._ « o— This day. April 30,
Furniture, etc, at 1135 Market at 10 o'clock.
Ji .i.< . iHHi- This day. April 30, .--aloon,
at 550 Clay s.reet, at - o'clock.
By I _« -Diana .-• i ction Co.— This day. A' rll 30,
Furniture, at 1171 Mission St., ... 11 o'clock.
By Mi i.ivan -."*• Doyle— This day. April SO.
llirses Boggles, etc., at corner blxteeuth and
Valencia streets, at 11 o decs.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Board of Supervisors meets as a Water
Co remittee to-day.
Mayor Phelan turned $-333 55 into the boule
vard fund yesterday. j
Fair Friday, with fresh winds, Is the
weather prediction for to-day.
The Marriott libel case has been continued
until next Monday at 1:30 p. M.
It is expected that the Valley road will
reach lianiu.-'i by the 22d of May.
The Pure Food Congress will be held to-day
in Pioneer Hall, on Fourth street.
Benjamin F. McKinley. uncle of the Presi
dent, is an aspirant tor the local postmaster
ship.
The Socialists are gain holding meetings on
the public streets iv spite of the wishes of the
pone.. BL___J_Bi
The funeral of the late Philip Rohrbacher,
supremo arch of the Druias, took place yes
terday.
Golden Gate Hall was crowded last night to
hear Mr-. Helen Gardener's famous paper on
"Heredity."
A lantern-slide entertainment will be given
in the auditorium of the Girls' High School
this evening.
The 0.. i ship Yosemlte, coal laden, made the
smart run of seven days from Tacoma, arriv
ing yesterday.
Judge Beawcll has taken under consider
ation the suit of J. J. Raver against Thomas
Sharkey for $900.
Mark 1.. Elliott, the California mining man
for the last lour and a half years in the Trans
vaal, is ... the City.
Dnlion. Card well, Charles Le Bel. Rev del
Tierra. Olive and Salvab'.e were the winning
hor.-es at ingb = de yesterday.
Bert Raeder, a bookkeeper in the employ of
A. J. Mi Nico.l A Co. , elevator people, has been
arrested on a cnarge of embezzlement.
The commencement exercises of the Hahne- !
matin Hospital College of San Francisco were
held last evening in Native Sous' Hall.
An a; plication has been filed for the volun
tary dissolution of i..c Soc:eta da Mutuo Soc
corso D lla compagnia Cacciatori A.lpiuL
The quarterly meeting of the German Gen
era. Benevolent Society was held iasi night,
and the report showed gratifying results.
Company G, League of the Cross Cadets,
won tne Bishop Montg mery trophy at the
competitive drill at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
Ro.lie Crampton, a boy 17 years of ace, who
fled from Stockton to escape a girl's ven
geance, was arrested here yesterday morning.
Tho work of preparation for the coming
Christian Endeavor Convention is progressing
rapidly in the hands of the committees in
charge.
E. J. Baldwin, the millionaire. has evaded
Mi-s Lillian Ashley, his Nemesis, by leaving
this City yesterday ior his mining claims in
Bandsburg.
The Populists are now trying to win back
their former leaders, and a lively meeting of
the Comity Central Committee is expected for
to-morrow evening.
The gasoline schooner Jessie Matson lost her
propeller la t Wednesday night and had to
anchor in the fairway. Yesterday she made
her dock under sail.
A. L. Karl of the Union-square Market on
Powell street, near U'Farrei,, was attached
yesterday lor 5447. The claimants are J. J.
RttuerandG. F. Villa.
By the time the wheat season opens the Val
ley r. nd will have Increased its rolling stock
to 500 cars. Last season i.s equipment con
sisted of but 350 cars.
Two straw bonds were discovered yesterday
by Expert Chris Newman in the cases of Nel
lie Murphy and John Langer, the latter hav
ing fled from the City.
• The public school children will be treated to
a vacation during the whole of next week,
school closing to-morrow and hot reopening
uniil Monday, May 10.
R. P. Chandler is about to build coal bunk
ers en Green-street wharf Chief Engineer
Holmes oi the Harbor Commissioners esti
mates the cost at $30,000.
J. J. Lfvernash, brother of the news editor
of the Examiner, has been appointed collector
on in; water front by the Harbor Commis
sioners at a salary of $100 per month.
Captain Allen, late of the Cres.ent City, has
recovered Irom a dangerous illness, and will
take the steamer Del Norte out iv a few days
on a six months' cruise in Alaskan waters.
Porter Brothers <fc Co. report that the Geor
gia peach crop will not exceea one-tenth of
that of last year, and that the price of
canned peaches has risen in New York City.
Acting in the interests of economy the di
rectors of the Society for tne Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals have decided upon the re
moval of Frederick A. Osborne as pound
master.
Joe Howard, an exnressman, attempted to
take liberties with a young nursegirl on
the north b'«ch last evening and was chased
by angry fishermen and stoned till a policeman
arrested him. .•*.*■
The Supreme Court has handed down a de
cision in which it clearly itates that Boards ot
(Supervisors have no power to employ special
attorneys except in 6uch cases as are pre
scribed by law.
The Board of Education may try to oust Su
perintendent of .Schools Webster on the ground
that he li a county school superintendent and
tnat they have the right to appoint a city
superintendent.
The Occidental and Oricnial Steamship
Company s Doric arrived from Hongkong, via
Yokohama and Honolulu, yesterday with
eleven missionaries and seventy oilier pas
sengers in the cabin.
Argument over the Valley-road contract was
resumed yesterday before the Railroad Com
mission, and Attorney Preston submitted tne
document for the persona] inspection of the
members of tho commission.
Following is the programme to be rendered
at the funeral of Joseph Uirschbach to-day-
Double quartet, Tivoli; so,o, Rhys Thomas
trombone, quartet; Rabbi J. Voorsanger; solo'
Cantor Stark;- hymn, "Oh, Lord, What Is '
Man?" with soprano and barytone solo and
violin obligate by Temple Emmanu-El choir;
postlude.
new TO-DAT.
TfCHINCf
ft If I ai
v _f% v a w
shp ■ __. B _a m
vfvLHifcf-Cv
Bpbtot Cube Treatment for torturing, dlsfig.
tiring, itching, burning, and scaly skin and scalp
diseases with loss of hair. — Warm baths with Co-
tioura Soap, gentle applications of Cutioura
(ointment), and foil doses of Cutioura Rrsol-
v_:_t, greatest of blood purifiers and humor cores
(yiicura
_ It gold throufhoat Ihe world. Pottib
Dim a Cnm. Come.. Sol* Prop*., Boston.
mm " How to Cure ftehini Skin DIMIM," free.
RED ROUGH* MM^T^LIT^
SO JUDGE HEBBARD
DID REALLY KNOW
Mr. Pike Informed the
Court of Mr. Sheehan's
Strange Acts.
Frantic Efforts by Attorneys to
Keep Out Certain Impor
tant Testimony.
But Considerable Truth Was Deliv
ered to the Jurors in the
Marriott L b.l Case.
_BTh9re was a scene of persistent fencing
on the part of lawyers for ihe prosecution
in the Marriott libel case yesterday to pre
vent connecting Judge Hebbard with the
mismanagement of the People's Home
Savines Bank, which hitherto they in
sisted ought to be proved before certain
testimony could be admitted.
At the opening of the case for the de
fense Samuel M. Shortridge, counsel for
Editor Marriott of the News Letter, made
an opening statement in which he said
that he expected to justify the language
of the article on which the charge of libel
was based. He said lie expected to prove
that certain men, notably John F.
Sheehan and James. Alva "Watt and tlieir
close associates, had made use oi Judge
Hebbard to further tbeir _eifish ends. He
then began to offer bis proof in chronolo
gical order, but was harassed by objec
tions offered by Attorney Julius Kami
and Deputy District Attorney Hinkle, who
insisted thai be ought first to show that
Judge Hebbard had knowledge of Mr.
Sheehan's acts and of certain boasts made
; by Mr. Watt.
Finally Mr. Sbortridge yielded to the
clamor of counsel for the prosecution and
began to introduce testimony having in
view the proof of the matters demanded
by Mr. Kahn and Mr. Hinkle. Yester
day's proceedings consisted of offers of
this character of testimony and voci.erous
objections against it by the attorneys for
ihe State. Notwithstanding their exer
tions to keep out what they had before
said should be first presented, a pretty
clear view of the truth was given to the
jury and to the interested audience of
citizens who were pre. to hear the pro
ceedings.
William E. Palmer testified that he
knew John F. Sheehan. James Alva Watt,
ex- Attorney-General W. H. H. Hart,
Judge Hebbard and other persons* con
nected with the dispute over the settle
ment of the People's Home Savings Bank
affairs. Mr. Palmer was an employe of
the bank before the failure of that institu
tion as manager of the banking depart
ment and was continued in a similar posi
tion by Receiver Sheehan.
Ex-Aitnrney-General W. H. H. Hart
may have been paid some money by the
bank, Mr. Palmer said. He could not say
ye* or no to that question. He thought
the books would show — at least, they
ought to show.
It was developed that after Mr. Sheehan
was appointed receiver the head man in
the bank's work was Mr. Palmer. He re
membered talking with Mr. McCarthy,
but did noi remember tbat they discussed
the bank's affairs. He did, however, talk
"over the corporation's troubles with Mr.
Pike and witu Mr. Williams.
At the time the bank closed its doors
there were about 11,000 depositors in the
bank who had live uccounts. In the
course of events 19.000 depositors had
dropped out. Mr. Palmer could not re
member the names of the stockholders at
the time of the lailure. He thought there
were about 200 stockholders on the books
when the bank closed its doors.
Mr. Shortridge tried to find out how
much money the bank had on hand when
John F. Sheehan was appointed receiver.
He wanted to know about the caslibook,
and learned that in banking tue cashboo-C
is used as a general ledger, and that nil
the transactions of the bank passed
through it. For instance, if the bank
bought a piece of property ior $10,000 and
sold it for $9000 there would be a loss of
$1000, which would appear in the cash
doo_ in the profit and loss account. It
would he necessary to make that entry in
order to balance the cash account.
Mr. Palmer thought it would be difficult
to fix the date on which Mr. Sheeban
ceased to be receiver. As he understood
It Mr. Sheehan was acting in a dual ca
pacity for some time, being both receiver
and secretary.
•■Then as receiver he would converse
with nimself as secretary, would he?"
asked Mr. Shortridge.
To this Mr. Kahn and Mr. Hinkle ob
jected, and being sustained by the court
-Mr. Shortridge changed the lorm, thus:
"As receiver, Mr. Sheehan did certain
things, you say, and then would he pass
on such acts us secretary of the bank?"
Vociferous objections were again inter
posed by the attorneys for the prosecu
tion, but the court thought that the de
fendant had a right to go into the acts of
the receiver, agreeing with the attorney
for the defense that it was a material mat
ter if it could be shown that the receiver,
while an officer of the court, had abused
the court's confidence, but Mr.. Palmer
said be was not able to detino the acts of
Mr. Sheehan in this regard. He knew
that the_re was some understanding that
Mr. Sheehan was acting in a dual capacity
ior awhile. He could not say definitely
when the receivership actually ended. He
promised to produce books to show the
amount of money that came into the
bands of the receiver and also to show to
whom and for what it bad been paid out,
Mr. Shortridge asked the bailiff to call
Thomas S. Williams Jr. as a witness.
Mr. Hinkle objected, saying that there
were already three witnesses in the air
who bad been partially examined, and
he though: it was unfair to have so many
irons in the lire.
Mr. Shortridge expressed a hope that
the witnesses would come down out of the
air, and Judge Daingertield said he would
decline to interfere with the course of ex
amination of witnesses so long ns counsel
appeared to be acting in good lailb. He
accordingly overruled the objection.
"But Mr. Shortridge has succeeded in
excluding General S eehan frora the
courtroom as one of the witnesses in the
case," insisted Mr. Hinkle, "and bis ex
amination ought to be closed in order
that he could remain in curt; bis coun
sel is of importance to counsel for the
prosecution. He is neld here in attend
ance, but not allowed in the courtroom."
"Let him go home to his work. VVe
will call for him when we need him," said
Mr. Shortridge.
Bo Mr. Williams took the witness-stand
and told of a meeting that he bad with
Judge Hebbard in the office of the Cali
fornia Safe Deposit and Trust Company.,
He said that Judge Hebbard told the
gentlemen present that he was there in
his capacity for the purpose of se
curing harmony, and saying that he,
wanted to do what he could to save the
bank's assets for the depositors.
Mr. Shortridee attempted, to draw out
facts to show that Judge Hebbard was
trying to obtain a board of directors that
would keep Mr. Sheehan in as manager
of the bank, but the questions were ruled
out. It was finally developed that Mr.
Williams was appointed on the board of
directors and served for a year. He was
appointed as a committee to go to the
southern part of the Siate for the pur
pose of investigating the securities of
tbe bank, and he found thai Manager
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 30/1897.
The American Ship Y_.s_.n__te Shortening- Sail O.f the Heads to
Take a Tug;. She Made the Run From Tacoma in the
Smart Time of Seven Days. She Has 1-820 Tons of
Coal Aboard for R. D. Chandler.
Sheehan was incompetent, and so re
ported. .
Then followed a storm of objections on
the ground tbat it had no relation to
Judge Hebbard, nor that Judge Hebbard
had any knowledge of the matter, nor
tnat he had acquiesced therein.
In this Judge Daingerfield held that the
counsel for the pro-ecution ought to be
sustained, and the question was ruled out.
Mr. Shortridce asked the court it be
might recall Witnesses Watt and Wil
liams to question t em about certain con
versations with Judge Hebbard. To this
t c court replied that ne might ao so if
Judge Hebbard was first questioned
touching those matters and either affirmed
or denied the alleged conversations with
Witnesses Watt and Williams.
On cross-examination by Mr. Kahn the
witness said he could not remember
whether or not Judge Hebbard said be
thought the depositors ought to have a
majontv on the board. He recalled that
Judge Hebbard said he wanted to help
the depositors.
A letter from Mr. Williams to Judge
Hebbard was offered in evidence, in
which the writer said he was willing to act
as a member of the board ol director,, and
in accordance therewith tie was chosen to
that position.
Questions were then propounded to test
the knowledge of the witness as to who
paid for printing and circulating the docu
ment known as "An Appeal to Voters,"
in which Jtid-_e Hebbard was referred to
as an unfit person to b« re-elected, and as
an enemy ot the widows and orphans who
had 10-t their deposits through the iaiture
of the People's Home Savings Bank.
Mr. Shortridge said he consideted the
witness to be under the protection of the
court, and that he ought to be instructed
that he had a right to decline to answer.
Mr. Kahn insisted on knowing why he
declined to answer, and tho witness was
allowed until Monday mornine to con
suit counsel before deciding whether to
answer or decline to answer tbe questions.
After Mr. Williams' right in that regard
have been presented to the court an order
will be made by the court deciding the
disputed matter.
T. H. McCarthy was recalled and testi
fied that he was one of tho committee'thnt
attempted to protect the property of the
depositors. He lound that S. K. Thorn
ton. George Stone and J. F. Sheehan were
active in thwarting the efforts of the de
positors to save their money, lie also
knew that Judge Hebbard was informed
of the acts of Mr. Sheehan and Attorney
Watt. The statements were made in
open court.
"Did you observe the manner of Judge
Hebbard at the time thee statements
were made?'' asked Mr. Shortrid__e. -
This was objected to and Mr. Shortridge
withdrew th question.
This witness was also asked if he know
who paid for the printing, publishing and
circulating of the document purporting to
be signed by the depositors' committee,
and known as "An Appeal to Voters."
As in the case of the former witness, Mr.
McCarthy was allowed until Monday to
consult an attorney touching his rights in
this regard.
Isaac E. Pike, a member of the deposi
tors' committee, testifi. d that he called to
see John F. Sheehan at the People's Home
Savings bank. Mr. Sheehan was very
courteous until be found out be would be
likely to Jose his position as receiver or
manager of the bank if the depositors got
in their men us members of the board of
directors. He said the depositors only
wanted .honest men who would prevent
the bank's funds from being wasted. He
and the other memlers of the committee
made an investigation and found out that
tbe assets of the bank would pay 80 cents
on the dollar if properly bandied.
Mr. Sheehan soon cooled in his cor
diality and actually barred the depositors
and their committeemen from the -bank
premises, refused to consider their claims
and would have nothing to do with them.
All this was brought out against the
most urgent objections of the attorneys
for tbe prosecution. But a thunder
tbat tbey were unprepared for struck
their fraii craft at this point. As usual
they were repeating- that Judge Hebbard
knew nothing of what Mr. Sheeban was
doing, and so Mr. Shortridge asked:
"Did Judge Hebbard know of the illegal
acts of Mr. Sheehan, tbe man be bad ap
pointed aa his representative in and about
the bank?'
"He must have Known, for I sent him a
written statement of Mr. Sheehan's acts
through the mail," said Mr. Pike. "1/ he
didn't read it that was not my fault. Bo
sides we discussed t ose matters fully at
our open meetings and our exposes of Mr.
Sheehan's acts were reported in detail in
the daily papers. There was no secret
ab( at the matter. It was a matter of
common knowledge and Judge Hebbard
must have known bow Mr. Sheehan was
acting."
Thus the testimony was carried along,
each witness confirming the fact that
Judge Hebbard had free knowledge of the
doings of Mr.JSheehan and that no order
of court was made stopping Mr. Sheehan
in the course that led to -*ucb heavy losses
for the depositors, who might have got 80
cents on the dollar it they bad been til
lowed to protect their property in their
own way. -v-^*o^9B > SEb>-i| '_ :
. Further hearing of the case was con
tinued until next Monday afternoon at
half-past 1 o'c'ork.
Trunks Moved M Cent*.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st
Tel. Mainly. Furniture moved reasonably. ' *
PURSUED BY A
FRENZIED MOB
Joe Howard, an Express
man, Saved From
Lynching.
He Attempted to Take Liberties
With a Young Nurse-
Girl.
Rock* Were Thrown at Hm anl He
Was Rescued by a Po. iceman
and Locked Up.
Joe Howard, an expressman, living at
630 Sacramento street, narrowly escaped
being stoned to death last evening by a
number of angry Italian fishermen. §§jyf
About 6 o'clock he met Amelia Miller, a
young nursegirl about 12 years of age, at
the foot of Mason street. She had a child
with her, and walked along till she got to
the beach.
Howard followed her, and when she
reached the beach he spoke to her. The
girl quickened her pace, when Howard
overtook her and threw his arms around
her neck. Her loud screams for help
were heard by fifteen or twenty Italian
fishermen, who ran to her assistance.
When Howard saw them coming be ran
away hotly pursued by the fishermen.
Howard was a better sprinter than the
fishermen, and realizing that they could
not overtake him, they picked up rocks
from tbe roadway and threw them at
him, still keeping up the pursuit. .
Some of tbe rocks were aimed with pre
cision and struck Howard on the head,
body and legs. One that struck him un
the head made him stagger, and the
fishermen as they rushed on thought they
had bim, but he quickly recovered him
self and continued his flight. *
A mob of small boys and men joined in
tbe pursuit as Howard dashed along
Union street, but tbo probability is he
would have escaped if a policeman bad
not appeared from a cross street and inter
cepted him in bis filch;.
Howard was bleeding and terror
stricken. He piteously b.gged the officer
to save him from the angry mob, who
were shouting, "Lynch bim 1 lynch him!"
The mob gathered around the officer
and Howard and appeared so threatening
in their attitude tbat the officer drew his
revolver and threatened to shoot any one
that attempted to touch Howard, which
put a check upon their bloodthirstiness.
After learning the reason for the pur
suit of Howard the officer took him to the
nearest Datrol box and rang for the
wagon, the crowd hovering around till it
arrived.
Howard ..was : driven to the Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Hartley found a long
wound . in his scalp requiring several
stitches, and his body and legs were
bruised and discolored where the rocks
had landed. . . : ' _•".
After his wounds were dressed Howard
was taken to the*. City Prison, and was
placed in "the tanks" pending an inves
tigation.
When the officer went to the beach with
the fishermen the nursegirl and ibe child
had disappeared. Some one told them
her name was Amelia Miller, but it was
not known where she lived. Every effort
will be made by the police to find her, so
that a felony charge can be preferred
against Howard.
WAS HE KIDNAPED?
A Boy From Placer . 'onntjr Found on
. the Water Front.
Henry Nolau, a boy 10 years of age, was
found wandering about tha . water front
Wednesday afternoon by Policeman Cam
pion. i At the Harbor station Captain
Dnnlevy questioned him, and be .said he
had been kidnaped by a miner from his
home in Rocklin, Placer County, where
his father is also a miner.
The boy could not explain how they
reached this city, and very little credence
was placed in his story.
The boy was sent to Chief Lees, and on
being questioned be said he and his kid
naper came here by rail.
Ho will be detained in the City Prison
till his parents are communicated witb. _
Pozzoni's Complexion
Powder produces a soft and beautiful skin;
it combines every element of beauty and
parity. ; -■-.; H_:-'V>'; : ■-_.*-■■_/-;,
PEOPLE WHO CAME
ON THE DORIC
A Quick Run From Hong- !
kong and Yoko
hama.
■
Smallpox and a Quarantine on
the Empress of
China.
Serious Accident to a Sailor on Board
tbe Crown of Den«
mark.
The principal arrival yesterday was the
Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany's Doric two days ahead of time.
She made the run from Hongkong in 28
days, from Yokohama in 15 days 12 hours,
and from Honolulu in 6 days 5 hours.
She anchored off Meigits wharf late
Wednesday night, but none of the passen
gers were allowed to land until yesterday
morning. Tbe passengers on the Doric
played in great good luck, as all the peo
ple who left on the Empress of China, on
the same day for British Columbia, are
now in quarantine at Vancouver, B. C.
Two cases of smallpox broke out during
the trip, and the Sound steamer Islander
had to be hired in order to accommodate
the lady passengers. Those who came in
the Doric's cabin are now safely housed in
San Francisco hostelries.
Among those who came back from the
Orient were the following missionaries:
Mrs. T. T. Alexander and the lour Misses
Alexander, Miss Blunt. Rev. A. Bunker,
Miss Brittan, Rev. and Mrs. L. P. Peet,
Miss N. Stewart, Rev. and Mrs. S. W.
Taft, Mr. and Mrs. I. D. Vroom, H.
Whitney and Miss M. Whitney.
Among the distinguished passengers
was the Hon.' James F. Connelly, United
States Consul ct Kobe, Japan.
E. Stanley Gibbons, another passenger,
is the well-known English philatelist.
His house in London is the recognized
center of stamp-collectors the world over,
and his advent will be hailed with joy by
some of San Francisco's millionaire
cranks. Incidentally E. Stanley Gibbons
expects to pick up a few rare specimens in
this "out-of-the-way corner of the globe."
C. H. Krach is connected with the Great
Northern Telegraph Company, whose
headquarters are at Nagasaki. He will
hold a conference 1 here with the Western
Union people, and the result may be a
direct service between here and Nagasaki.
H. Henneesey, the genial and popular
purser of the Gaelic, came back as purser
of the Doric. Mr. Brown, who was sent
out from England, took his place at
Hongkong and Mr. Hennessey went to the
new ship.
The steamer Del Norte will sail for
Alaska in a 'few days for a five months'
cruise. Captain Allen, late of the Cres
cent City, will take her out. The captain
is just recovering from a severe attack of
illness. HWB
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors has at last discovered that the
approaches to the Oregon dock require
repairine Men were at wor_t yesterday
pianking the dozens of holes that were a
menace to teamsters' navigation, and in
future wagons will not have to go three
blocks out of their way to steer clear of
pitfalls.
The gasoline schooner Je-sie Matson
played in bard luck last night. She was
bringing in the divers nnd workmen (rom
A. E. Pry or's silver mine when her pro
peiior dropped out and the anchor had to
be let go. Yesterday morning she sailed
in and the crew pot ashore.
J. J. Livernash was appointed a col
lector on the water front by the Harbor
Commissioners yesterday. The contract
for the erection of the new receiving hos
pital was let to Thomas H. Day for ?1190,
while a permit for the erection of bunkers
on Green street wharf was granted to R. D.
Chandler. The cost will be about $3.),000,
and Chief Engineer Holmes was in
structed to prepare plans for the.con
struction of the same.
William Ramsey, a sailor on the Crown
of Denmark, now lying in Oakland Creek,
fell down the hold and was seriously in
jured last Wednesday. He was brought
across the bay in a towboat yesterday and
sent to the Marine Hospital.
The Hakasun-Maru, a Japanese steamer,
is on her way here with an overflow cargo
of general merchandise. Rumor has it
that she is the first of a new line of
steamers which will beconsigr.et to Chap
man <fc Co., but Captain J. F. Chapman
knows nothing about the new line. Just
the same the advance steamer of the so
called new line is overflowing with cargo.
LOST AGAINST THE WHEEL.
Bert Raeder Became an Embezzler Dur
ing the Midwinter Pair.
Bert Raeder, a young man about town
and former bookkeeper for A. J. McNicoll
& Co., the elevator firm, has been arrested
on a complaint tiled by that institution
charging him with felony embezzlement.
Raeder confessed to his employers yes
terday that he was short in hi* accounts
to the extent of $800 r.nd that he had been
carrying over that shortage ever since the
Midwinter Fair, during which he lost the
money gambling at the wheel-of- fortune
In the Royal Pavilion. '._•;
HEW, TO-DAT.
Schilling's Best
m. tea baking powder
™ : coffee flavoring extracts
soda spices
are such as you would ask ua
to make for you, if you knew
all the facts.
Other
tea baking powder -
coffee flavoring extracts
soda spices .
are apt to contain chicory,
alum, dried wheat, copperas,
or water some harmful, some
not.
You. and you grocer are
safe with Schilling's Best —
money back if you don't like it.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 611
dr. mcnulty;
a -I IS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
. Specialist cure* Private,Nervous,Bloodaiid Skin
Diseases of Men only. • Manly Power restored. Over
-Oyears' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. ■ Hour*. 9 to 3
dally .6:80 t<>,s.aoev'_f.-_ Sundays, 10 to li Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
- P. ROSCOE Hf_rLTT, M.D.7-" -"
. SOU Kearny street, San Francisco, Cal.
ir. -_ _ NEW TO-DAT— CLOTHING. V. tj
The Golden Eagle
t
TheGoldenEagle
I An event is going to happen on
% Kearny street to-morrow morning. j
A new clothing store is going to be \
opened. _
"That's nothing"— did you say ? \
Wait. 1
This clothing store is going to be j
unique in San Francisco not alone for
jj what it is going to do, but for what it is I
not going to do. 1
Instance : It is not going to give \
jj you ten dollars' worth of clothing for \
five. That will be unusual, will it not ? j
I 'Nother thing : It is not going to I
i
I tell you a suit is all wool and leave you .
I to guess what kind of wool it is, shoddy
wool or long staple wool. You'll know
the difference at the "Golden Eagle." J
I Come in to-morrow at the sign of i
i ■ •
3 the Golden Eagle and see a store that is I
modern in equipment, but old-fashioned |
I (honest} in its way of doing business. I
modern in equipment, but old-fashioned ?
(honest) in its way of doing business.
m mmmmmmma^\it\mLUi.m^mi«\iMiAm
1 04- 1 06- 1 08 Kearny St. Opp. White House
KEW TO-DAT— AMCSEMEXTI
BALDWIN THEATER.
A^mmmmmM _£ Co.. < Incorporated J tfX9tanm-mi;i
SECOND AND EAST WEEK
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS.
GRAND PRIZE CAKE WALK
ETery Night in Addition to the Regular
Performance.
LAST PERFORMANCE SUNDAY NIGHT.
Commencing Next Monday Ev'g., May 3
Engagement Mm ted to two weeks,
HIDE WOLF "*£>
o p _p c ri
AND
HIS SPLENDID COMPANY.
Presenting for the entire two weeks
bOU-A'.- BRILLIANT OPERA,'
"EL OAFITA-Xr!"
SEATS NOW READY.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. I
WALTER MOBO__CO-.._-019 Lessee and Man-.;..-
Becond and Last Week of the Successful Eastern
Actress,
MAMIE SHERIDAN WOLFORD I
111 Her Original Characterization of EDITH LYN-
- DON in Arnold Wolford's Beautiful Scenic
Romantic Melodrama, .
"THE SMUGGLERS!"
A Play of the Sea Filled with True senti-
ment and Thrilling Interest.
— — Wonderful Eire on the Ocean!
Evening Prices— lOc, 25c and 50c.
Matinees Saturday auu Sunday.
•%^s^_
the best bile given IN YEARS.
— — Tremendous OVATION to
T__\.ClA.-XT_J.
Phenomenal Mac i-oprano. Immediate h't of
I.AOEK and FANNY MIDULEY. Juvenile Char-
acter delineators: ED LaTKLLE. mu.ical come-
dian; the AKD.-11-ON->, Colored Singing Cake
Walkers, and SIR. ALBERTI and Mme. OR LAN.
DI in scenes from "Carmen" in costume.
A Big Olio of Novelties!
Reserved Seats, 25c; Ba coay, 10c. Opera Chairs
and Box j- eats. Sue. •-.>.'
Al PA7AR i{^ !{M,irs -success
ffl_L _*____■ ft ' Of Steele Mackaye's
Beliccscott I. at* allie. .M rs. | Drama,
"A NOBLE ROGUE!"
Don't Miss the Magnificent Scent ry and Superb
Effects! Ihe Most Realistic Bridge Scene
Ever Put Upon the stage!
GEORGE O BOURNE HL'G-J POLAND
And the Entire company.
Prices. 15c to 60c. I eivpbone lor Sea-. _ Black 991.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE
■ Corner Sacramento and Web iter sts.
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING APRIL 30
DR. A. M. GARDNER.
••Some of tho Important Causes of
Insanity.' ' ,
ADMISSION FREE.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROH 7 A. n. UNTIL it P. n.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening.
Bathing, Including Admission: Adults. _oc: Chil.
dreu, 20c.
General .tm mci. , too; Children. 5o
SUTRO BATHS.
MINSTER : MAYDAY : FEST.VAL !
1000 CHILDREN WILL TAKE PART
IN MAYPOLE DANCES,
Commencing at 10 o'clock , and lasting all day.
Admission lOc; Children Only sc.
CENTRAL PARK.
••• • i* * (Decisive (lame).
INTERCOLLEG ATE BASEBALL!
CALIKOKNIA vs. STANFORD
SATURDAY, MAY 1. ......._. ...3 P. M.
Admission 25c and 60a
=
KEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
-^te^@__--fe
•rniCDLAnnt-LCOTTIOB . _?•___£. MnMUt.. . •
STILL CROWDED NIGHTLY!
SsLians. I Ward & Yokes
Aided, Abetted ad Encouraged by 30 Farcical
Authorities in the Satirical Craze,
A Run on the Bank!
PRETTY I PEN NY I THE
WOMEN. I r»attl. I, BIG
CATCHY I JOLLY FU.V
MUSIC. | JOKES. I SHOW.
Columbia's Regular Prices— 2sc, COc, 75c, $1.00.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
M__-_.Ekxksxii.ic EBKt.ijr i. Proprietor & Manai_r
CROWDED AT EVERY PERFORMANCE!
THIS EVENING .
! * THE ROMANTIC COMIC OPERA,
"SHAMUS Q'BRIEr
MR. DENIS O'SULLIVAN.
The Eminent Barytone, in the title role.
SUPERB CAST
The Creates- of All Comic Opera
Successes. .":.'.
Popular Prices 253 and 500
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
< NGLESIDE TRACK.
The only lericc. Winter P_acetr»c_t ia Amerl.v
RAW RACING
Racing From Monday, April 19, to Sat-
-\<,i •' -. urday, May 1, Inclusive. •
Five or More Races Daily, Raio or Shin..
,7^..*. FIRST RACE AT _P. M. .
Take Southern Pacitic iralni a; luirl ni
Townsend ate. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:21) r. a.
Fare for Round Trip, iucludlax, Al-
mission to Grounds. _>1.0t).
'late Mlssion-Ht electric line direct to trace
The Corrlgan Stakes Monday, April 19.
'1 he Spreckels Cup i-aturrtay, April 24.
The Cklirornta Hurdle Wednesday, April 28.
The lngleside Stakes. 4 miles, Saturday. May X.
k. N. ANUROUS, iTeslden't.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary. -.-.--
THE CHUTES.
CHARLES CAVILE, SWIMMER,'
will give exhibitions lv the Chute Lake
EVERY AFTERNOON ANDE VKNING.
Celebration May Day- Children Free.
ADMISSION, lOc. CHI I. l»it >. 50.
- .
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
E_Tc_-viv_^or
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
NOW OPEN EVERY SUNDAY DUPING THE
SEASON. Music. Dancing, Bowling, Boat-
ing. Fishing and Other Amusements.
Refreshments at City prices- Pare, round ' trip, '
25c, Children 15c; including admission to grounds.
:■:.: THE STEAMER URIAH
Wi'l leave Tiburon Perry a*, 1*:30 a. k. ; 12:10,
2:00 and 4:00 i*. M. Returning, leave Xl Campo
at 11:15 a. M ,1:00, -.00 and 5:00 P. v. .
GRAND OPENING
OI the CLUBHODSK In HAY WARDS 'PARK.
at the Terminus of the ELECTRIC ROAD,
onSUXDA.. May 2. 1807.
Pull Military ORCHESTRA from 1 to 5 P. U.
The Clubhouse will be conducted under the
management of Mr_. Rachel ward, whose
repu ailon as a purveyor and hostess has no equal
ln tiii* Mat*-.
Take the Oakland Perr-, lea-fin? the foot of
Market su every i. our and half hour o l*rultvale
station. 'i he Hay wards electric cars make con-
nections there for the park without change. /
CONCERT EVERY SUNDAY during .ne season.
D D 1 1 C E_ C FOR BARBERB. SAX-
Dnlltlnr^ 1 '" bootblacks, batb-
■*■■ *MW lIEaVI houses, billiard -tables.
brewers, bookbinders, * candy.makers, canners,
dyers, ■ - fiourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, statu*
■MDi tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
_ ___ BUCHANAN BROS.,
•rush Manufacturers. *"0-._._icraiuentoi_o
78
CRACK RIDERS
ENTER THE LISTS
Long Array of Talent for
the Velodrome Meet
Sunday.
Ziegler, Coulter and a Host of
Speedy Professionals Will
Compete.
First Meet Under the New Associa
tion Rules and in Defiance of the
L. A. W.
The following are the entries, heats and
handicaps for the various events to be
contested at the big bicycle meet to be
held at the Velodrome next Sunday:
Professional handicap — Two-thirds mile;
first $40, second $30, third $10; first and sec
ond In each heat to quality for final. First
neat— C. R. Coulter, O. C. W., San Francisco,
.■cratch; W. A. Burke, L. A..W-, I.os Angeles,
20 yard--, H. E. McCrea, 11. .V., Los Anceles, 55
yards; A. M. Hoyden, A. C, Oakland, GO yards;
F. 11. Coty, C. O. C. C, Pasadena, 70 yards. .
Second heat— A. N. Jones, O. C. W., San Fran
cisco, scratch; Canby Hewitt. C. C. C. C, Pasa
dena, 40 yards; H. E. Slater, B. C. SV., Pnrcuix,
Ariz., 50 yards; Ed Chapman, E. C. C, Napa,
00 yards; M. Bleuler, Un., Paris, France, 75
yards.
Tnird heat— Otto Ziegler. G. C. C, San Jose,
scratch; G. L. Davis, O. C. W., San Jose, 20
yards; F. M. Byrne, I. C. C, San Fraucisco, 50
yards: Myron "Hill, C. C. C. C, Pasadena, 05
yards; B. H. Eliord, R. A. C, Oakland, 85
yards.
Amateur, handicap, naif-mile First, $25
suit; second, $15 diamond Unas; third, $7 50
racing suit, lirst in each heat and second in
the fattest heat to qualify ior final. First
heat: E. F. Kuss, O. C. W., San Francisco,
scratch; P. A. Deacon, R. A. C, Oakland, 20
yards; E. A. Bozio, 1. C. C, San Francisco, 30
yarns; F. L. Norton, P. C. W., San Francisco,
40 yards; Ralph Robinson, a F. R. C, San
Francisco, 45 yards; C. A.Wilson, unattached,
San Francisco. 60 yards.
Second heat— P. R. Mott, R. A. C, Oakland,
scratch; Charles Kraii, B.C. .V., San Francisco,
25 yams; D. £. Francis, 8. F. R. C, San Jose,
40 yards; L. Desert, I. C. C, Sau Francisco, 50
yards; R. A.' Coulter, C. C. C, San Francisco,
50 yards; Gus Sachs, B. C. C, San Francisco,
00 yards.
Third heat— E. Wing. O. C. W., San Jose,
scratch; C. D. Gooch, R. A. C, Oakland, 20
yards; T. 11. White, C. C. C, San Francisco, 35
yards; M. G. Francis, S. F. R. C, San Jose, 45
yards; 1. A. Frank, B. C. C, San Francisco, 55
yards; M. Meyers, Y. C, San Francisco, 05
yards. • -
Fourth heat— R. G. Barton, F. A. v., Fresno,
10 yards; C, J. Birdsall, C. C. C, San Francisco.
25 yards; Charles Goodwin, S.F. R. C, San
Francisco, 40 yards: J. H. Otey, Acme, Oak
land, 45 yards; A. Theisen, C. C. C, San Fran
cisco, 55 'yards; H. Ducotey, S. F. R C, San
Francisco, 00 yards.
Fifth heat— J. C. Williamson, B. C.W., Santa
Rosa, 15 yards; A. B. Johnson, C. C. C, Red
wood City. 35 yards; J. S. Brereton, R. A. C,
Oakland, 40 yards; A. T. Smith. E. O. W., East
Oakland, 45 yards; J. J. Van Dyne, C. C. C,
San Francisco, GO yards.
Amateur, open, two-thirds of a mile— First
heat: E. F. Russ, O. C. W., San Francisco; P.
A. Deacon, R. A. C. , Oak. and; F. L. Norton, B.
C. W., san Francisco; Ralph Rjbinson, S. F.
R. C, San Francisco; C. A. Wilson, unattached,
ban Francisco.
Second heat— P. R. Mott, R. A. C, Oakland;
Charles Kraft, B. C. W., San Francisco; I). E.
Francis, S. F. R. C, San Jose; L. Dezert, I. C.
»'., San Francisco; R. A. Coulter, C. C. C, San
Francisco.
Third neat— J. E. Wing, O. C. W., San * Jose;
C. D. Gooch, H. A. C, Oakland; T. H. White,
C. C. C, San Francisco; H. G. Francis, S. F. R.
C. San Jose; I.A.Frank, B. C. C, San Fran
cisco; M. Meyers, Y. C, San Francisco.
Fourth heat— R. G. Burton, F. A. C, Fresno;
C. J. Birdsali, C. C. CL, San Francisco; Charles
Goodwin, S. F. R. <_' San Francisco; J. H. Otey,
Acme, Oakland: A. Theisen, C. C. C. San Fran
cisco; E. Saunders, O. C. W., San Francisco.
Piftn heat— C. Williamson, B. C. W., Santa
Rosa; A. >_ Johnson, C. C. C, Redwood iv ;
J. a Brercton, K. A. C, Oakland ; A. T. Smith,
E. O. W., East Oakland; George P. FuLer, O. C.
*W., San Francisco.
professional, open, one mile (six laps): First
heat— Otto Z.:gier. G. C. C, San Jose; W. A.
Burke, L. A. W., Los Angeles; Ed Chapman, E.
C. CL, Nana; Myron Hill, •'. C.C. C, Pasadena;
F. M. Byrne, I. C. C. San Francisco.
Second heat— A- K. Jones, O. C. W., San
Francisco; C. L. Davis, O. C. W., San Jose; A.
M. Boy den, A. C. Oakland; Cauby Hewitt. C.
C. C. C, Pasadena; B. H. Eilord, R. A. C,
Oakland.
Third heat— C. R. Coulter, O. C. W., San
Francisco; H. E. McCrea, R. *V\'., Los Angeles;
H. E. Sla.er, B. C. W., Phcenix, Ariz. ; F. H.
Coty. C. C. C. C, Pasadena; M. Bieuler, un
attached, Paris, France.
This is by far the best programme that
lias ever been arranged for a Velodrome
meet, tne entry-list showing some of the
crack riders of tbe State. Among the
professionals will be noted Clint Coulter,
the unpaced king; Otto Ziegler Jr., who
makes bis first appearance in competi
tion in his own State for several years;
Bleuler, the French champion, and Coty,
Burke, Hill and Hewitt, four new arrivals
from the south, who are reputed to be
fast men. .
The following is the list of officials who
will conduct the meet:
Referee, R. M. Welch. Judges— A. P. Swain,
F. H. Kerrigan, J. F. McGlynn. Timers-
George P. Wetmore, George B. Stratton,
Charles Albert Adams, James 11. Hamilton.
Scorers— W. E. Pixley, P. G. Alexander. George
Brouillet. Umpires— Jose Lewis, R. S. Dun
can, J.S. Eagan. Clerk, William L. Loos; as
sistants, L. Schoenfeld, A. W. Wehe, Ed Weath
erhead. Starter, Douglas White; announcer,
George E. Dixon; haudicapper, Robert A.
Smyth.
This meet marks the commencement of
local control of cycle racing. The sanc
tion of the League of American Wheel
men has been ignored, and the men will
race under the rules of the California
Associated Cycling Clubs. Ail have en
tered with a hearty spirit into the new
arrangement and it is bound to bb a suc
cess. Of course, the L. A. W. Racing
Board will suspend all these men; but
what a farce that will be, -.hen it is con
sidered that a meet under its sanction in
this Stato would not attract a dozen
riders now. The wheelmen of California
have cut loose from the East for good,
and Sunday's meet marks the commence
ment of their independence.
GOLDEN GATE OHAPTEfi, 0. E. S.
The Ladies "Will Give a Minstrel Show
in Black This Kvening
For some time past the young -ladies of
the Golden Gate Chapter of the order of
the Eastern Star have been busy rehears
ing for a burnt-cork minstrel entertain
ment which they will give to their friends
in Golden Gate Hall this evening. A re
hearsal given during the early part of the
week developed the fact that there are
some of the .performers who will* make
quite a bit in their adopted line wh n
they appear behind the footlights. Sev
eral gentlemen will assist the young la
dies. Those who will participate are
Mrs.Alvina Heuer- Wilson. Miss Harriet
Augusta Hob. , Miss Cor.la Wetjen, Miss
Byrne, Mi-s M. Jell'nek, Miss P. Stephen
son, the Misses Medina, Miss Doris Heuer
Messrs. Harry Hobe, J. Perry, Stewart
Murdoch, Hubert, " Creigbton, Hubbard
and -Gray and Master Martin Kreling.
They will be assisted in the management
of the affair by Messrs. Howard' P. Tay
lor Jr., Alexander Rosborougb, Jack
Catbcart and Mr." Morrell of the Olympic
Club. . , ■
Removing the Morgue.
Coroner Hawkins and his assistants yester
day began the work of removing the Morgue
from lis present site on Dunbar alley to 635
Merchant street. lacing the alley. The Coro
ner's oflice will be at 641 Merchant street, a
few doors above, and on the second floor. Ten
thousand dollars has been appropriated by the
Supervisors for the purpose of rebuilding the
old Morgue. .
. TO CUKE A COLL. INONK DAT. V j
Take laxative Uromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists relund the money ii it lulls to euro. __5c j
CARDWELL WON
AT CRISP ODDS
Downed a Field of Cheap
Ones at Odds of
20 to I.
Of the Other Events Decided
Favorites Captured
Three. ...
Cabrillo B-aten Out \>i R-y Del
Tierra— Salvab'e Easily Took the
Handicap From Refugee.
j
Three favorites were snugly tacked
away in their trundle-beds- and gently
rocked to sleep at Inglesiae yesterday,
while three others were more kindly dis
posed and won out. Cardwell, a rank out
sider, caused his backers severe parox
ysms of delight by finishing first in the
second event decided, at the gushing odds
of 20 to 1. Those "in on the know" re
moved several bucketsful of coin from the
ring over the colt's victory.
The decision of the judges in disquali- ]
fying Satricoy, who finished first in the I
op_ning two-year-old scramble, caused a I
howl of dissent. The colt was backed for I
a good thing at odds of 8 and 10 to 1, and
coming from behind at the finish appar- j
ently downed the 8 to 5 favorite, Dalion, '
very cleverly. However, be was disquali- J
fied for bumping the first choice and, j
though leading that colt out a length, was
setback. This gave the Corrigan entry,
Truth, the place and Benicia the show.
Jockey Eddie Ames, who landed Don
Gara winner a few days ago at odds of 200
to 1, was again prominent on a rank out
sider in the six-furlong event tbat was
second on the card. He had the mount
on Cardwell, which opened at 20 to 1, and,
pulling out of the bunch opposite the
paddock, won- easily by three lengths in
l:15->_. Mike Rice, which led into the
stretch, beat O'Fleeta over a length for the
place. Clawson, who rode Decision,
claimed a foul against the winner, but it
was not allowed.
Charles Le Bel. with odds of 6 to 1,
proved the best of the eleven entries in
the second two-year-old event. Siva, a
Hindoo colt owned by Barney Schreiber,
was made an 11 to 5 favorite, but at the
first turn was cut off and never figured in
the running after. Into the stretch St.
Cntaline was first, where he "blew up."
From that point home Charles Le Bel and
Los Prietos fought it out, the former gain
ing the decision by a nose in :56% for the
four and a half furlongs.
Dunne's Cabrillo was backed down to 7
to 5 favoritism to win the mile and a six
teenth, but stumbled at the start, losing
considerable ground. Alvarado and Hora
tio made the running to the stretch, where
Rey del Tierra, which had been lying in
third position, went to the front and led
the hard-ridden favorite over the line a
length in 1:48 Morte Fonse, at 15 to 1,
was a good third.
The Spreckels entry Olive both surprised
and upset the calculations ofthe talent
in the fifth race, a six-furlong selling
sprint, for which Mainstay was a pro
nounced 9 to 10 choice. Emma D and
William Pinkerton raced off in front,
showing the way into the straight for
home. Slaughter then urged Olive and
the mare responded with alacrity, taking
command of things and winning very
cleverly by over two lengths in 1:15^.
Palmerston came from the rear, taking
place honors from Pinkerton. The win
ner was at one time 10 to 1 in the betting.
Opening at 3 to 5 Salvable receded in
the betting in the mile handicap until
evens were obtainable. Martin, who had
the mount, trailed Refugee into the
stretch, where he moved up, defeating
Sink's sprinter with ease in 1:42. Satsnma
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Ingle- ide Racetrack. Thursday, April 39. Eiztatv
* fifth day of the Winter Meeting. 1896-97. Weather fine. Track fast.
939. PIRST
Index.
Dorse, weight.
*A -
3 2
\y*
22
62
4h
71
84
9
6i.
Sir.
3 4
lh
•2 4 :
1 4 2
6 1
5*
9
53
Fin. Jockey.
11* Snider.
2h Freeman.
a 3 pitgott
46 Carberry........
6 ii Ctawson
6 1 Stevens
7 3 Cameron
8 6 H. shields.
9 I J. Shields
I Betting.
Op. CI.
927 I
909
758
927 !
874 j
9*7
897
908 !
850
1 -aticoy 110
Dalion 110
Truth ,107
'Bentcla 107
I Approbation 110
( La liOms 107
;Thyne 107
Red Fox 118
Old Jack 110
1
2
6
5
3
8
7
9
4
8 .
2
2
30
4
30
30
20
I 8.
6
8-5
2
100
9-2
40
200
30
10
1 .. "...'.'.
Good start.
Time. :.' 6%.
won
Rose's br. c by imp. . Preatonpans- Bergu W.
■rlvun tn rinllnn • .
CM/) SECOND
upward: purse $350.
Index. i
255 ■
855
886 I
916
934
546
906
911 ,
923
922 '
724 ,
886
113 I
827 I
922 1
Cardwell. 4 ll
Mike Rice, 4 Ii
O'F^eera, 5..;....1
1 Decision, 4 1'
Jack Martin, 4...1
Fred Gardner, a..l
Camelia, 4........1
■ Mohle X, 5 II
Mc Nac, 4........1
Easel, 4 1
Myron, 5 1
Riot, 4 1
Prematta, 5 1
• Vera, 4 ..1
Spry Lurk. 4 1
Home. age, weight.
3
6
7
I 9
! *
15
1
2
9
4
11
10
12
13
14
_____
1
______
%
_____
7%
2 3
S_*
3h
lis 4
14h
15
4h
9 2
1 n
61
12 1
13
10 h
112
1
2
I
1
Fin.
3
1
1
h
■
6
2
Va
2
Ami'<
Slaughter
Bergen :
Clawson
Stevens
T. Williams....
Plggotu
Isom .....
Hennessy
Carberry
Roullier
Joe Ice v.
li»uin«.
On. ;,:,«:
10 ~~
5 8
10 8
4 4
tf 10
100 40
4 10
3 3
10  ft
15 30
.15 200
60 100
15 20
40 100
15 60
4
I
1
........
1
Jenkins
shaw
H. smith
U. WlMon
I
I
Good start.
Won handily.
Winner, A. Archer's eh. c, by Rathbone-Vlctoria, Time, 1
94J THIRD
Index. I
1
884 i
926 !
926 I
926 |
Horse, weight.
St.
Fin.
lh
2 1
34
4 4
61
6 2
71
81
9 10
10
11
"'BoB i j
Charles L«8e1....113
Los Frletos 116
Castake 115
5iva...... 113
st. Calatlne ..116
Eddie Jones 118
Tom Spencer 110
Padrone 118
Eroica i.„ 107
Pongo .110
o-ialist 116!
. 4
3
2
1
6
8
9
10
I 7
! 11
i 5
!!".'.".
1
43
B_*
7 10
1 h
!_*
61
10
94
11
22
. 1 1
s=l*
62
4 1
. 71
8 *
10
11 '
Sh
Freeman
Macklln
Ames.
slaughter
Isom.
Hennessy.......
5nider:.........
Eozeman
—
4
5
100
5-2
6
8
12
•-0
10
100
,4
5
6
- 30
a
7
10
25
50
8
150
6
687
927
909 I
Plggott
Wilson.
Bergen
!
Good start. Won driving. .< W
Time, £•%_.
'. OB.
c., by
AIT) FOURTH KAi
purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. | Std. V 4 Vg j % Str. Fin. .-Jock*.'-/ Oa*"
819 ley d Tierra.3.. 91 1 si2n 3 % 2h I 1 h 12 11 Clawson " 5_I —
(984) Cabrlllo. 6 110 6 5 4l" 43 4 4 31 \24 W SUrtln""""" v t*3
924 Morte Konne.s.llo 1 4h 6 6 6 53 8 h Bo_Tm__ 9 '_
871 Alvarado. 4....103 4 32 1% 1% S3 42 42 I ",, _hter "••" if
919 Hor-Ht10.3 81 2 1% 2? 31* _ _ 2h tIo H. Brown " ■in
924 san Marco, 4... 106 6| 6.65-5 3546 j_nSg^^__g| *
Jock*, v.
Beit n«.
3a CI.
t.ng.
CI.
8-5
5-2
12
6
30
7
I :4_S d BtU " - W ° n drlving - Winner, E. W. Purser's b. c., by Emperor of Norfolk-Ha'dee. Time,
JO *IFIH
idex. j Horse, age, weight. j St. I . 14
9-3 Olive. 5 107 ~~ 2" ~
925 i Palmerston. 4....114 0 . "
893 WmP.niterton, 4,106 " 1
86!) Ma nsUy. 5 1.0 11.
931 Ransom, 5 1091 4 ! .. .
923 'Emma I*. a,. .....107 \ sl .
917 Red Glenn, 6... ..109 7 ....""
3 2
6 10
1 h -
4 1
54
'.:--■..
7
31 <
6 2
42*
tf 15
2 3
7
4 1
6%
1 _
3 2
6 20
2 2
7
Ptr.
12
22
•ft
6 2
6 20
7
-1 nuL-iiii':
Macklln
!'|-h..-,
Jockey.
netting.
I Op. CI.
:'• 6 ,
12
_ 6
8-10
10
8 ,
I 12
6
7
10
4-5
25
.8
16
inumpson
W. Martin
Plggott
Boreman
I 'I «..•./».,
1 Clawson ...
944. HIXI
Index.
899
831
862
(917)
930 |
iSalvable, 4. 114
1 Refugee, 4.'.....;. 95
Satsuuiu, 5.' ......109
Lob^iuu.a, 6 1113
Vlnctor. 5 109
Horse, age, weight.
2
1
4
I
_y*_ vi
24 2 4
13 1 if
'4— ' 4
34 34
•2 4
13
4
34
! ___
2 8
4
31
154
4
W. Martin
3-5 4-5
6 • ID
6 5
ft 4
10 10
I law so | .;;-....■.
Plggotu
Ber»en ........;
81anguter.......
Good start. Won driving Winner, P. Dunne's b. c, by Balvator-Lydia, Time, 1:42.
-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1897.
secured the show. Vinctor fell as the bar
rier was raised.
NOTES.
. Ames was fined $50 for reckless riding
astride Cardwell. Clawson, who rode De
cision, claimed a foul against that horse,
but it was not allowed. Decision was
beaten at the drawgate.
Macklin was also taxed $25 for a sort of
cowboy ride on Los Prietos.
Twelve books were laying prices in the
ring yesterday.
Barney Schreiber will leave for St. Louis
the coming week. -. _' ■■- ■_
Hey del Tierra was bid up $500 over his
entered selling price by Willie Martin,
who rode Cabrillo, who ran second.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, five-eighths of a mile, two-year-olaa.
(9-7)Mi.s Ren_sen...los] 941 Los Prietos 105
5.28 -adle.How»rtz..l(.B| 916 Toraida 115
«27 Towand*. 105] 9-7 Mcl l.urlsham.lll
933 -_. Philip 11l 926 Out ay 11*
9-6 Key Sala zar.... lll 927 Aluminum 108
Second race, seven-el. of a mile, selling.
928 Personne 99 722 Kullerton Las,. 104
.... HOB 106 932 Karl _oc_ran..lol
9-1 Kufaiba 87 922 X.-.l Moi 103
(7_>B)-'app.v 92 929 Rlcardo 103
934 Doyle 107:
Third race, one and a sixteenth m!>s. selll-K
--940 Jack Martin. ...loß; 940 Mlie Rice 109
930 Leonvllle Ill: 934 Ja< It Rlche._-U.ll_.
932 Japonic. 106 910 Mosler 108
j Mil Dennis 11l 929 Joe X 11l
| Fonrth race, seven -eighths of smile.
\ 944 Ostler Joe. 116' 938 Col. Wheeler. .. 100
i 839 burst »_> ' 86-- C«st- Day. 114
6.4 Tea 1;0.,_. 90} 893 Petxolto 103
I (938) t.00d Time 5....105. ...105 (883) nart 121
j 896 Wheel Fortune. 104 j
Hfth race, seven-eighths of a mile, selling.
87» P.oadwarmei... 100 9*4 Login. 112
St. Aignon 104 (923)D_n «.ara 103
(83!.,Ma__chesler 110 907 Joe Terry 103
(9_.9)Monta.lade. 10 J ! (9..4)54e._ Spray 110
937 Am. da Fomo. . I.»_.1 .»_. (9;j.-»)Mrathrol 108
»94 Tieachery 98 937 Una Colorado. .100
913 Reddington 102 1
Sixth race, one mile.
853 Klsle Smith. .. .117 938 Fashion Plate.. 97
('2O Tempestuous. .114 919 Lode Star 112
020 Los terrides... 97 9UB Cogent .........102
924 Kusaella 117 931 Claudiana 97
•*—
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Toraida, Rey Salacar. Out
lay.
Second Rufalba, Personne, Ri
cardo.
Third race — Japonlca, Jack Martin,
Leoiiville.
Fourth Ruinart, Col. Wheeler,
Tea Rose.
Fifth race— Strath 01, Joe Terry, Mon
tallade.
Sixth race— Lode Star, Lot Cerrlllos,
Fashion Plate.
THE NATIONALS' SHOW.
The Members of Companies 'C and G
Entertain Their Friends With
Music and Minstrelsy.
The Nationals, companies C end 6 of
the National Guard of California, gave
their second minstrel show on Wednesday
night in the social hall of the Ellis-street
armory to a very large audience. It was
a brilliant affair, and, as one of the mem
bers of tbe first-named company re
marked, "If our first show was a success
this is a -.cesser." The first part, de
voted to vocalization, gave proof of the
existence in the companies of some very
fine voices, and the merits of these were
approved in a manner that must have
been exceedingly flattering to the singers.
In the first part the following numbers
were rendered:
"Hot Time in the Old Town To-Night," Joe
Ross; "Whisper Your Mother's Name." F.
Gianninl; '"All Over Town," Jim Gillis;
"Gondola Dreams," William Finnic; "Stand
ing on the Corner," Lou Hufschmldt; 'Love's
Sorrow," H. Ewart; "Hugh McCue," Charles
Catbcart; "Take Back Your Gold," R. Luh
man; "I Thought I Was a Winner," Phil
Neuman; duet Irom -'Martha," Messrs. Geary
and Brady; "Guess He Knows the Secret
Now," J. Palm; selections, National Quartet;
finale, company. .__
The second part included songs by Jack
Catbcart, whose accompanist was John
Coonev; hanjo selections by Edwin
I »out hut and K. N. Walsh, and Miss Adell
Lignon in instrumental selections.
This event was gotten up under the di
rection of the following named, who
constituted the committee on entertain
ment: Lieutenant . Thomas Snarrowe,
Captain Drumbeli, Sergeant Al Vaughn,
Fred Lincoln, Joseph Ross and P. J.
Newman.
The entertainment was followed by a
dance, in which many couples took part.
The floor manager was Sergeant Vaughn.
THE TOMAHAWK
FLASHES AGAIN
Populist Sachems Try to
Redeem Their Fallen
Fortunes.
A Lively Skirmish Expected at
the N xt County Com
mittee Meeting.
Disgruntled Former Lenders Refuse to
Be Wooed Back— "Bo His-
kail Now an Ex.
All is bustle and activity in the local
Populistic wigwam, for an event of im
portance is about to occur. Their sachems
and their medicine men have held eeveral
pow-wows in view of the step about to be
taken and have concluded that the phase
of the moon augurs well for their scheme.
The Populi-ts have at last concluded
that they made a mistake in taking on
•'Boss" Haskell of Kawacb Colony fame
as clii f, for the loss of all leaders of in
fluence followed. . _*' -V"-. '..*.
In the first place, they admit that
fusion with an effete Democratic organi
zation was an error. Then came that
spasmodic revulsion against all of sup
posedly Buckley affiliation which re
sulted in the enthronement ol Haske
and the withdrawal of such men as Taylor
Rogers, Dr. Day wait and E. 8. Barney
from their council fires.
During the last few weeks those who
dropped out have received communica
tions asking in very submissive tones if
they were willing to serve on the County
Central Committee. Some have refused;
what the other- will do remains in doubt.
But to-morrow evening the County
Central Committee will hold its regular
monthly meeting at 915>__ Market street.
Some things will take place there that
mean in all probability an internecine
war.
First of all an attempt will be made to
add 100 new members from the City at
large to the committee.
This will permit the organization to be
strengthened by a larger representation
and afford room for the old leaders, upon
whom more attempts to induce them to
come back will doubtless be made. Such
a move will hardly be opposed, but what
may follow is darkly hinted by Has
kel lites— will.
So the meeting is looked forward to
with the delightiul anticipation of a mid
night marauder after a fat chicKen, know
ing that several concealed steel traps lie
in tbe path.
PUSHING ON TO HANFORD
The Valley Road May Reach
That Point in About
Three Weeks.
Additions Being ' M de to Its Rolling
Stock to Hand, the Grow
ing Traffic '
Hanford will in all probability be
reached by the Valley road by the 22d of
May. Work on the bridge across Kings
River is progressing favorably, and every
thing is in good shape to rush the track
laving between the river and Han.ord as
soon as the bridge is completed.
It is possible that the opening of the
line to Hanfori may be made the occa
sion of a grand excursion by the Knights
of Pythias. The grand lodge of the order
is announced to meet at Hanford on the
17th of May. It is understood that efforts
are being made to have the date changed, I
so as to permit the knights to make their
pilgrimage to Hanford over the Valley
road, which many of them are anxious
to do.
In view of the rapid increase of the
business of the Valley road, n-cessitating
tbe services of an additional steamer be
tween here and. Stockton, as already an
nounced in The Call, and the extension
and operation of its line to Hanford, ad
ditional rolling stock has been ordered.
By the time wheat shipment), begin the
company will have about 500 cars, each
with a capacity of thirty tons, ready for
service. It will thus have an equipment
sufficient to enable it to handle every
pound of freight with the utmost prompt
ness. Its equipment last season was k 350
cars. - -:•_. \
Henry E. era' Death.
The Iriends of Henry B. Myers, «en lor mem
ber of the firm of Mvers, Carrick & Williams
box manufacturers of this City, will hear with
regret of his death on the 28th Inst. Mr. My
ers wan one of oar old residents, having ar
rived here in 1851, and for a quarter of a cen
tury engaged ln the manufacturing line. His
honorable business career and his sterling in
tegrity earned for him an enviable repute, and
his loss will be a severe one to the bereaved
family. ?->■..;■'••-*__«.
__________ _-^^*^-^*,_;-,_,*,_^*oJ^_T-_fP**-'^'-* r - '
9<><><><><>^^ <HKH_K_H><_><>^
I flfcv Bea ii
I s^mwVy-^S Strong Man I
/ •%■ $m&* V P - O
X )_>___.. .^asW^g^Mmm^ ]\/r AN . WHY DO YOU NOT ' 0"
JL fW' ■ be just to yourself; why do 6
\fW * .you not do as you would advise your ft
0 *v _ ' v 9m best friend to do— back the power X
X that you have wasted? True, get it back, because life is not what it ought T
V to be while you are unable to enjoy the pleasures. Nature intended for you &
V Over half your life is lived before you realize it, and if you don't get back 6
tp your strength now you will soon find yourself, beyond getting it While *__{__.
ifo you . are yet young a little help from Nature will make you as good as ever T
m and in this respect you can safely place yourself under the strengthening *♦*
mU influence of ••:.*' ■* " * 0)
i. DR. SANDEN'S V.**
0 ELECTRIC BELT ¥
ft uttaK. _?£_?_ fai ' S I™' m saturates the weakened parts with the stroma .t V
V vitality for many hours at night. When you wake In the morninc life has O
V a a gain fo vi°v it brighter - fresher and more hopSfT s fog A
i from an accomplished man. , F. \ "**-- O
T I :■ PR-SANDEN-nearß-r: "ll T~ll llnl_^■^^^T*llJ_ 3 "^ A _^_*_*_ I^^^ '; 6
ft has a"*"* me wonderful good, It Is only,* H.ue whfieaJ .*__^.^ »' P ll *-"v™. for J A
V sll.-l.te.. cgrade oc ft bill w.i__ont stoopliiß to rest 1 was weak _____1.__21? «°* "*.** L "*» tb< - O
ft coul.i not s.eep, bad poor cln-alation aod wa . early mm s«» d - f ° r c 'f bt *'"* I
V never lay more minutes before l«_in_^/_^^t______^2_^_____ Hp & 1 O
A brUhl aud fresh, feel siron.. a..d can make any bill with^ase-yes net_?r I" *_? m , OTniD * X
V years-abd 1 have not taken any n.edcine since^ cot the Bell? » " '*L» B tor tWeDI7 Q
O ..- ... . " ■''■•*• '' WHITfc ' » -'^°er. 616 .111, street? "francisco. A
X .v It is like other letters which Dr. Sanden is daily receiving. Don't hesitate V
9 any longer. Call and see this Belt or send for the book about it free sea 6
0 SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., 633 M - k »' r .^:E* e,seald '' X
6 BroX^^aro. . iif*mi%gir^ X
A, AOTa-r-Make no mistake in th« number-03_ Market S2__J_TjMs__^_S__n_f ' X
6<H>H^_>^
1 ■»-_'- 1 ■*■», mm*-^m.m.mmm i^Mt^!. _*- .. .*- •*.-» ~ -m __r . -_— . -____- -^mr -tmmr ■ mmm mmsr mmm »^
FLED FROM A
GIRL'S VENGEANCE
Rollie Crampton, a Stockton
Boy, Afraid of His
Life.
Lillie Webster, a Young Girl,
Blames Him for Ruin
ing Her.
iAs She Carried a Revolver and
Threatened Him He Came
to This City.
Rollie Crampton, a boy 17 years of age,
fled from " Stockton. Wednesday night to
escape the vengeance of Lillie Webster, a
girl his own age, who blames him for be
traying her.
Rollie, who is' a handsome - looking
boy. Jived with his mother, Mrs. Belle
Campbell, proprietor of the Selby House,
110 South Hunter street, Stockton. He
quietly packed his valise Wednesday
night, and un Known to his mother took
the boat for this City, arriving yesterday
morning. He went to some friends on
Juniper and Harrison streets, and was
shortly afterward arrested by Policeman
T. J. Connell, the police having been noti
fied from Stockton that he was wanted
there, but nothing was stated for what
purpose.
Rollie was taken before Chief Lees, and
on being interrogated, ho said he ran
away from home because of trouble with
a girl. Stockton was notified of his arrest,
and he is being detained in the City
Prison, pending the arrival of his mother
or an oflicer to take him back.
When seen later in the prison Rollie
was , more communicative and talked
freely of the cause of his sudden flight.
"I bave known Lillie Webster," he
said, "lor about four months, and since
then have been often in her company.
She is about my own age, and lives with
her adopted parents.
"She blamed me for getting her into
trouble, and as I have not been calling
upon her for two or three weeks my
friends told me that she was threatening
to do for me.
•'Last Tuesday she sent word to me
that she wanted particul-rly to see me,
and asked me to meet her at the Grove
that night. I started for there, but on the
way I met a friend, who warnea me not
to meet Lillie, as she bad packed a gun
for me and had three male friends with
her.
"I did not go to the grove, and as I
learned that she was carrying a gun to
use it upon me the first time she met me I
made up my mind to go to San Fran
cisco, where I have some friends, and be
out of her way, so I packed up a few
things and left on the boat last night.
••She has been keeping company with a
lot ot fellows, and I don't see why she
should pick upon me for causing her
trouble. _U9. *
"I did not get along well with my step
father either, and tnat was another rea
son why I wanted to come to this City."
Young as he is Rollie has had a check
ered experience. He has worked in the
mountains, in a pawnship and as a waiter
on board the Stockton boat, Mary Gar
rett. He hat no particular aim in life,
except to do something so as to make
money. •'
ILLEGAL" LANDING.
Commissioner Stradley Notified Not to
Prosecute the 91 muwal'i Officials.
A short time ago Major Moore, Special
Agent of the Treasury Department, in
vestigated the facts connected with the
purported illegal landing of forty-two
white immigrants from the steamer'
Monowai. The immigrants bad been in
spected according to law by "Walter P.
Stradley, Commissioner of Immigration,
but before Quarantine Officer Jordan, who
was a long time late, put in an appearance
they were permitted to land by Captain
Howard, superintendent of the dock, with
the consent of Deputy Surveyor of the
Fort Ruddell.
Major Moore made a lengthy report to
the department at Washington, and in re
ply to the report a letter was received by
Commissioner Strao.ey instructing him
not to prosecute the steamship officials,
inasmuch as Deputy Surveyor Ruddell
"had been remiss in the performance of
bis duties in allowing the passengers to
go ashore."
Commissioner Stradley. while admitting
that he bad received a letter, declined to
make known its purport or to discuss the
matter in any way.
Owing to Dr. Jordan's tardiness in ar
riving, the Immigration Commissioner
and other Federal and State officials hav
ing completed their inspection of the pas
sengers, there was much impatience and
distress on board. The customs officials
were waiting on the dock to examine the
baggage, night was coming on and women
and children were crying.
Hence, the strict latter of the law was
infringed, in order to relieve distress
caused by the non-appearance of a paid
official who was absent on business of less
importance.
*"; -ii NEW . TO-BAY. ____-___-__-_-
XN^CDPfEN LETTER
To MOTHERS.
. WE ARE ASSERTING IN THE COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD "CASTORIA," AND
" PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK.
/, DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was the originator of "PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the same
that has borne and does now —rf -onr every
bear the facsimile signature of Cm4!a^yfv^c^^ wrapper.
This is the original " PITCHER'S CASTORIA" which has been
used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years. . LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it is
the kind you have always bought, __«_? mm- —on the
and has the signature of L*£a&x7&Zc+4^ wrap-
pen No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas. H. Fletcher is
President.
March 8, 1897. Q^^^.^^ t
Do Not Be Deceived.
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you
(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the in-
gredients of which even he does not know.
"The Kind You Have Always Bought"
BEARS THE FAC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF
S\\\" mZmmmmmmT/^
I Insist on Having
I The Kind That Never Failed Ton/
VMS CCMTAUR COMPANY. Tr MURRAY STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
" . ■■■■■ ■
HOTEL MAJESTIC,
CENTRAL PARK WEST, 72d AND 71st STS., NEW YORK,
PACING CENTRAL PARK.
THE ELITE HOTEL OF AMERICA.
CONDUCTED ON AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
One of th. Largest and Finest in the "World -. 600 Rooms, with _ 45 Bathrooms.
Absolutely Fire-proof. Most Luxuriously Appointed. Cuisine of the Highest
Order. _. An Ideal ■*•»•»• for Families, Transients and Tourists. Select Orchestral
Music Every Evening. Spacious Foyer and Promenade Halls, Drawing and Musio
Rooms. Excellent Appointments for Private Dinners, Banquets, Dances and Re-
ceptions, i owl in Alleys and Shuffle > oards for Private I'arties
References Required of Turtles not Personally Known to the Management.
While this Hotel is Organized and Conducted on the Grandest Scale Possible.
Prices are Kept Moderate. Excellent Home during the Summer for Gentlemen
whose Families are at Distant Points in the Country or Abroad.
-.?- — Parties Visiting New York are Cordially Invited to Inspect this Mas-nifi-
wP _.•..** ' Y l *.^!* -_--•, b * found one of '*>«> Greatest Attractions of the City.
Within twenty Minutes' Reach of the Business and Theater Districts Dnrinir the
huu-D.-r Season the beautiful Private Rustic and Palm Gardens, situated 300
eet above sea level, are open to Guests only. A. P. MUELLER.
I Philadelphia
Shoe CO. Mo. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
Tan 1 T "Coin
or 4P~k or
Ox- _^mm&>~^ Spare
ElOOfl. '-r^tar^W. *f oeS|
$I.2S— OXFORDS-$1.25
This is the season of the year when the
Oxford Tie trade commences, and we are
prepared to give great values to our cus-
tomers. We have Oxford Ties in Tan or
Ux-B'ood colors, and in Narrow Square or
Nairow Coin toes, wlih Hand -Turned
Soles, which we will soil for SI. -.5 per
pair. These lies sell regularly for $2.09 B
per pair, but we realize that we must give 3
extra Inducements to our customers. I
_- ._- ■ I RUSSET
Don't overlook our special : gala of Chit- i
dren's 'lan -^prln-c-Heel Button Shoes, lor [
I hey are being sola cheap. Tuey wear and
look well and are just, the thing for sum- B
mer. . ' .
Child's, sizes 8 to IOVi $100 .
Misses', sizes 11 to 2. *.... 1.2& |
aW Country orders solicits!. 1
. mXsT Send for New Illustrated Catalogue. B
Address •■" 1
B. : KATCHINSKI. j
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., 1
JO Third St.. San Francisco, g
■"■■-■■■■■■■■i^ ma
NOTARY PUBLIC^
A.J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC.
f»OQ AtARKKT ST.. OPP. PALA-.i-. HOl'K.
i UOO Telephone 670. Residence 909 V_Uencl_i
I street, Telephone -Church" 16. Valencia
Are You 111 ?
Would You Be Well ?
Would You Keep Well ?
. . — — IF SO USB— —
DR. MARTIN'S
GREAT II II
OF THE .__vG__£_,
! Which is without an equal FOR EXTERNA!
| *J.D INTERNAL USE.
A CERTAIN CURE FOR
Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Fains in Geu-
eral. Dyspepsia, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus, Diphtheria, Sore Throat,
Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous Com.
' plaints, Disease •_* the Stomach and
Bowels Generally, Liver and Kidney
Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds,
Coughs, Local and General Debility,
Sesdache, Earache, .Toothache, Sick-*
ness in Stomach. Backache, Burns, Swel-
lings, Boils, Sores, "Clceri, Collo,
Cramps, .Sprains. Braises, Scalds,
Wounds. Indigestion, Skin Diseases,
Excessive Itching* and many othei
complaints too numerous to name hers.
'
Price: 25c, SOc, $1.00 per Bottle,
-'-*'. _ CALLISCH. Wholesale Agent for th*
Pacific Com.. San Jose, CaL ■""* g
F h_.»* l h 1 * 7 .** druggists. The trade supplied
by Redington & Co.. Mack & Co. and S
_k il.ua -dia. San Fr . -r»-*-«o. *7 *_*-__i_ j
•*>o<_K>_K>o-C--C>_KH_-<>
AN EXCELLENT
I^TF"!? AT Properly prepared an d
IV I P.. I .- promptly served, can
"Ui-*****^ always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
«o P r, pat apf
Dining . Apart- A *i^'J^_T_LV___lJ_____l
ment in town. mammmmmmMmmmmmmmmmmmMmmm.
o-000-0000 000-OOSCANDAL
IN THE
FAIR CASE
Attorney Foote Exposes
the Methods of the
Police.
COMMISSIONERS WILL
INVESTIGATE.
Employed by the City, 0 ficers
Devote Themselves to Pri
vate Litigation.
SENATOR FAIR'S VALET MAKES
ADMISSIONS.
Tells How the City's Detectives
Busied Themselves in Hunting Up
Evidence for the Ex -cutors.
A grave scandal, premonitory rum
blings of which have been more or less
audible since the opening of the trial
which is to determine the validity of Mrs.
Nettie Craven's deeds to certain property
claimed by the estate of James G. Fair,
was brought to a head jnst before Judge
lack adjourned yesterday's session of
that now celebrated trial.
While the explosion was not altogether
unexpected, still the opinion was rife that
the attorneys for Mrs. Craven intended to
reserve it for an occasion later in the pro
ceedings—probably for their opening
statement — and then the summoning of
important witnesses to substantiate the
grave charges preferred.
It was a sensational incident. Herbert
Clarke, the nervous, uncertain, hesitating
and effeminate valet of the dead million
aire, was on tbe witness-stand and was
undergoing a vitriolic cross-examination
at the hands of tbat master of the art,
that Nemesis of all witnesses who are
shaky of their facts and not emphatic in
establishing the truthfulness of their
statements.
Clarke had been called by the executors'
counsel to testify that he and Senator
Fair hp_nt the 24th of September, 1894, in
San Rafael, and therefore the millionaire
could not have been on this side of the
.ay on that day to deliver the deeds to
Mrs.* Craven, as she stoutly asserts. Tho
ex-valet had told all this and was being
drawn upon for more details by Mr.
Foote. ClarKe was evasive, but the attor
ney was tenacious and clung to the wit
ne«a relentlessly. lie finally wrung from
him virtually the admission that ever
since Mrs. Craven made the fact public
that Senator Fair had given her the dis
puted deeds the San Francisco Police De
partment had been given over to the serv
ice of a private cause in one side ol a civil
suit, instead of devoting its energies in be
half of the commonwealth which created
it and supported it.
Clarke confessed that he had been
"ordered" by Captain I. W. Lees, who at
that time was at the bead of the City's
detective department, to meet him at the
office of Pierson <_ Mitchell, of counsel for
the Fair estate, and thence accompahy
him and Detective John Seymour to San
Rafael for the purpose of hunting up evi
dence for the plaintiff-.' side of the civil
suit now in progress, and against the de
fense.
Clarke did not know at that particular
time that the City does not nay its de
tectives and police to neglect the munici
pality and dabble or take sides in civil
suits— and still draw their salaries— but
he has evidently learned it since then, for
he essayed yesterday to avoid giving in
formation oil the subject, and would have
done so had nut Mr. Foote pursued him
so determinedly.
The attorneys for the plaintiffs, who
had been so ably assisted at the City's ex
pense, grew anxious when they became
aware that the truth was gradually, word
by word, being draeged from Clarke, and
finally, becoming desperate, got up and
interposed most strenuous objections to
any further pursuance of this subject by
Mr. Foote.
This gave Mrs. Craven's attorney the op
portunity he wanted. Before a ruling was
given on these objections he tooK the floor
ana, with a voice that rang through the
courtroom like a bell, announced that the
defense demanded the privilege cf show
ing the jury that tbe San Francisco Police
Department, instead of extending its pro
tecting hands to the people who gave it
life, had been converted into, a private,
agency for the purpose of serving private
ends; that instead of attending to i's du
ties here its minions bad been prowling
around outside counties in search of evi
dence and witnesses for one side of a civil
proceeding.
Quite an uproar followed this declara
tion, and in the midst of it Judge Slack
ordered court adjourned until next Mon
day. There wiil be more oi the scandal on
that day. .
Intimations have been permitted to go
out several times during the progress of
this trial that the defense intended to call
attention to this unheard of and scandal
ous abuse of public confidence by the
Police Department.
D. M. Deimas, in cross-examining the
plaintiffs' witnesses, and especially these
hailing frora San Rafael, has taken pains
to bring out the fact repeatedly that they
were subpenaed by Detective Seymour;
that he had paid them their fees and
mileage, and in short, that he was acting
as outside man and evidence-hunter or
the Fair estate. Captain Lees' name was
frequently brought out, too, showing that
he had taken an unusual interest in this
private litigation.
When court convened yesterday morn
ing W. B. Schneider, the San Rafael liv
eryman, took the stand aeain for further
cross-examination by the defense. Mr.
Deimas questioned Schneider at length
regarding his method of keeping his ac
counts. cash book, by which the wit
ness aided himself in remembering that
Matt Gill'gan arrived in San Rafael on the
22d of September. I?-*-, received part.cular
j attention and was exhibited to the jury.
Mr. Deimas found that Schneider had not
been in the habit of inserting his entries
in chronological order. A payment made
on February 21, 1594. for instance, would
be found to immediately succeed one of
October 31 of the same year, and Septem
ber would precede January. The book
was found to be full of this kind of en
tries. Scnneider could not explain satis
factorily.
Tim Connolly, the San Rafael bus
A Quiet Little Chat During the Afternoon Recess in the Fair Trial.
driver, was called to the witness-stand after i
Schneider left. In answer to Mr. Mc-
Enerney's questions Tim said he was em
-1 ijyed by W. IL Jewell, who owns the
bus privileges in San Rafael. Witness
-ta« driving a bus in September, 1894. He
said he remembered having seen Senator
Fair in San Rafael at that time. The lat
ter arrived there en a Wednesday and
got into the witness' bus. He was driven
to the Parisian House and "stood off " tne
witness for the 10 cents due for the ride.
He saw him again on the 251h, when the
Senator returned to San Francisco.
Mr. Deimas interrupted at this juncture
i to inquire the reason, the opposing side
had tor wasting time in proving that
I Fair was in San Rafael when it had not
i been disputed.
"We are showing now that he was there
| on the 25th, though, ' said Mr. McEner
i ney.
"Well, what of that?"
"Will you admit that he was there ou
I that date? '
"Certainly; we never disputed that."
This was a surprise for tne plaintiff's
side, but the quiet smile Mr. Deimas wore
robbed the attorneys of the comfort they
would otherwise have drawn from his an
nouncement.
The examination of Tim Connolly was
j resumed at the afternoon session.
Attorney McEnerney wanted to know if
I the witness had a conversation with his
j employer, Jewell, on the 24th of Septem
ber, 1894, at the broad-gauge depot, and,
more than that, he wanted to know what
thai conversation was. But Mr. Deimas
objected and there was a little tiff over the
I point. The court finally ruled that the
I evidence was admissible, and thereupon
j Tim went on to relate that Jewell
i "jumped" him because he had not
brought Senator Fair down to the depot
• in (he bus.
Connolly was now turned over to the
j tender mercies of Mr. Deimas for cross
! examination, In answer to the latter'a
I questions Tim said he did not Know tbe
name of the waiter whom he thought had
j told him about Senator Fair's illness. He
: didn't tuliiK he bad ever seen him again
I after that day. He knew Cassou, how
ever, quite well. Connolly said lie s.iw
j Fair on the 19ih of September — day
I he arrived in San Ratael— and was quite
j sure that the millionaire returned to San
I Francisco on the 25th.
"Who first spoke to you about being a
witness in this case?'' asked Mr. Deimas.
Connolly thought it was Mr. Jewell, but
I he could not remember when 11 was.
i Probably last summer some time- In
fact, Tim's memory was not very good on
any point except as regards Fair's visit to
San Rafael.
• "Don't you think you could recollect
what day of the. week it was when he
i talKed to you about this matter? ' was
j Mr. Deimas'. query.
_• "I think it was a Sunday. I remember
I that I was sittii:_. on a fence at the time."
"Is sitting on a fence a regular Sunday
occupation of yours?"
"I sit there every day," replied Con
nolly, who did not relish tne laugh that
went up from the crowd.
It was Jewell who first recalled to Tim's
mind the fact that Senator Fair had been
in San Rafael In September. Detectives
Seymour aua Lucas afterward spoke to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL - 30, 3 897.
him about il. He would not bave remem
bered the matter at all, he confessed, had
they not freshened bim up on the point.
"W at kind of a looking man was Seua
tor Fair?" asked Mr. Deimas.
Tim couldn't remember. He did not
know whether the j millionaire wore a
beard or was smooth shaven.
Herbert ' Clarke— be insists that it must
be spelled with an "c" — was now called.
He was Senator Fair's valet from 1883 un
til the time ofthe miner's death. He was
engaged by him in London.
Clarke said that he remembered a visit
that he ana the Senator made to San
Rafael in September, 1894. They left this
side of the bay on tbe l'.Hh and remained
there until the 25th. They did not stay
there continuously, as on the 20ih they
went to San Francisco and buck, and
again on the 21st. He was sure that the
Senator did not leave San Rafael from
the _2d to the 25th. Pflt3a
"What was the condition of Senator
Fair's health during his stay in San
Rafael? ' asked Mr. McEnerney. V
"He was quite sick," replied Clarke.
"All of the time?"
"Most of the time."
Mr. McE .erney wanted to know if the
Senator had had any parliculariy bad
spells, but this met with an objection.
The question was remodeled and then al
lowed, and Clarke said that his employer
experienced some very . severe breathing
spells and suffered irom nausea.
This ended tbe direct examination and
Clarke went into the hands of Attorney
Foote. Only a few questions had been
asked and answered when it became ap
parent that Clarke was in for a great
raking over the coals. Tie attorneys for
the plaintiff* were continually jumping
up with objections in order to save the
discomfited valet. Mr. Foote started off
to drag from the witness the history of his
life, but this brought forth a storm of ob
jections, and the court ruled against him.
Mr. Foote said he wished to prove that
Clarke was a man not to be believed.
"li permitte_,"hesaid, "he would show
that this man was like a lot of others who
came to this country; that be is a schemer
who has posed as a scion of nobility; that
be has gone around bilking hotel?; that
he has been borrowing money on false
representations and that he is an all-round
fraud."
Bat Judge Slack ruled that Clarke's
record could not be put in evidence, and
the valet heaved a sich of relief.
It was then .hat the police scandal,
detailed above, came out. Mr. Foote, by
dint of persistent questioning, succeeded
in getting admissions from Clarke regard
ing the interest the police Pad taken in
the executors' side of the case, and when
an objection was raised to tho line of
questioning, he made the charge that bids
fair to uncover a reeking scandal in the
Police Department. Adjournment fol
lowed. Judge slack announcing that lie
would not hold court again until next
Monday.
WILL INVESTIGATE.
Commissioners Tobin and Alvord
Astounded Over the Revelations
,In the Fair Case.
As the result of the developments in
the Fair case yesterday there will in all
likelihood be an investigation of the
methods and work of the Police Depart
ment by t c Board of Police Commis
sioners on Wednesday next.
When the facts tbat closed the hearing
of the case so dramatically yesterday were
brought to the attention of Commission
ers Tobin and Alvord they were so as
tounded that they could scarcely bring
themselves into a frame of mind to con
ceive so gross a breach of decency, of duty
and of law.
Even when informed that the peculiar
proceedings of the detective department
were matters of court record — statements
sworn to by witnesses and charges made
in open court by an attorney — they refused
to discuss the matter as a reality. Both
members of the board, however, declared
that if there were any reason to believe
that any member of the Police Depart
ment had been acting as a procurer of
wltne. s=.s or of testimony in a civil case
the matter would certainly be investigated.
"So far as the civil case is concerned,"
said Commissioner Tobin when the sub
ject was first broached, "you may be sure
that they have done nothing about it.
They have no right to take any part in
such a proceeding unless it were a case of
public justice. I feel sure it will be found
on investigation that those men were pur
suing some criminal or other."
"It -.ii brought out in evidence that
Detective Seymour had served witnesses
for the plaintiffs with subpenas, had paid
them their witness fees and their mile
age," vouchsafed the reporter. "Are
members of the Police Department per
mitted to act in sucb a capacity?" .
"Never," quickly replied Mr. Tobin.
"If that has been done it was wrong. No
member of the department has any busi
ness at all in a civil case. You may be
sure that neither Crowlev nor Lees would
permit such a thing. "Whatever they did
was in pursuance of some criminal mat
ter."
"But the fact Is on record that Seymour
did act in th>. civil case," persisted the in
terviewer.
"Of course, if that be the case," contin
ued Commissioner Tobin, "the board
would take action -on it. We feel very
proud of that department, Mr. Alvord
and I." i^m^lM^mSS l^ma^il\^Sam^*W*WmM
Commissioner Alvord was equally loth
to believe that there bad been so flagrant
a violation of right. But when the details
we i e related to him he stated that the
matter would be taken up at the next
meeting of the commission, on Wednes
day next.
PROFESSOR
HOWISON
SCORCHED
Rev. Dr. Minton Attacks
His Theories on Chris
tianity.
cl
REV. DR. RADER ALSO
NOTICED.
The San Aaselmo Seminary
Banquet Springs a Little
Sensation.
A PLEA FOE A COVENANTER
SPIRIT.
The Variou. Toasts Rendered on the
Occasion — Vccal So os by Mrs.
Ceil Mark
Last evening'? anniversary banquet in
honor of the quarter-centennial of the
San Francisco Theological Seminary, held
l under the anspices of the Presbyterian
Ministerial Association at the Occidental
Hotel, will be an occasion long remem
bered in local religious circles.
It should always be as .i green spot in
the memory of Professor Howison of the
State University, and Rev. Dr. Ruder, pas
tor of the Third Congregational Church
of this City, also, for they came in tor
especial mention in a way that could
hardly be construed as complimentary.
At 7:30 p. m. the spacious dining-iiall of
the hotel presented a scene of beauty and
gaycty. The guests were all assembled at
that hour, representing both ministers
and laymen prominent in the churches
around th. bay, with their wivos and
daughters, and many from interior cities
and towns. . f. .-■.■"•"- ..'
After the banquet was over Rev. Dr. H.
A. Ketchum, acting as toastroaster, intro
duced Dr. H. C. Minion, moderator of the
San Au.eltuo Seminary, who was listed to
speaK on "Denominational Loyalty."
His speech was the sensation of the even
ing. The applause which greeted his
references to Professor Howison and
Rev. Dr. Raier showed that ne had struck
the Keynote of his audience's sympathy.
Dr. Minton began by calling this a Pres
byterian family reunion. Unlike the Rev.
Mr. Mathena and others, he believed that
such banquets are entirely too infrequent
and arc good things to cultivate bocia
bility. He continued:
Presbyterian. am is not a new thing under
the sua. Tho first minister whoever set foot
ou California soil was a Presbyterian.
A backward glance reveals weaknesses and
mint* ken, and yet the first half century of our
history in this State ii near enough to its c o»e
toenaole us to anticipate the verdict,'Pres
byterlauism once again welched in the bal
ance and not found wanting."
Intellectuality is an epithet often applied to
us. They say we are cold, heartless, all brains.
Well, we ara not behind in other things. Still,
we have always put tremendous emphasis
upon creed, conviction, education.
It (alls to our church to stand with others as
a breakwater against the tides of onti-Chrifr
tlau philosophy that arc M bold on this coast.
Pre.byterlanlsm can bank a little on its his
tory when It is he'd up by a proud and super
cilious phllokophy. >st Augustine was com
petent to teach lessons to all the Dnrwtns,
Wallaces, Haeckels, Spencers and Howisons
that ever existed. Not even the Rev. Dr.
Ruder, who so eloquently falls in line with
the latter great philosopher, can ever hope to
emulate him. John Calvin had a meta
physical instinct that would have justified an
ambition to oreanlzo a philosophical union
on the hanks of Lake Geneva.
The true idea of Christian philosophy does
not originate . in the cla__r oom of any univer
sity, but ln the church. There is danger of
our being intimidated by the toplofty ore-ten
sions of those who, in the name of the Eternal
Reason and by the methods of the Eternal
Nonsense, would, as Gail Hamilton wou.d say,
"fain pass the impossible and scout the In
scrutable." . '.-:■■■:
Woen a philosopher gives to the world his
pronuueiameuto one day and must come out
the next day telling what he did mean and
what he did not mean, he li like the man who
wrote a story without head or tall.
Truth is bound to uo zone or sphere. We
must have a philosophy large enough to make
room for God, a living God, a personal God, a
free God, a God not tied to metaphysical neces
sity nor bound by impersonal law. .
. If God is without free will God is less than
man, and the whirling universe is untenanted
of its Creator. We* believe In eternal reason,'
or, rather, we believe in the Eternal Reasoner;
and we are cowards if we suffer the truth to
be traduced without protest and valiant fight.
There was great applause when Dr.
Minton concluded.
Various other subjects were discussed by
different speakers as follows: "The Soli
darity of the Coast," Dr. Arthur Crosby;
"Coast Preparation for a Coast Min
istry," Rev. Dr. Martin of San Ra
fael; "The Need of the Presby
terian Type of Christian Work on the
Pacific Coast," D. Edward Collins; "The
Presbyterians and Civil Liberty," Rev.
Dr. John R. Worrall of Danville, N. V. :
"The Helpmeet in Presbvtertanlsm,"
Frank S. Bush; "Presby terianism and
Young People," Rev. Alfrrd Croco of So
nora. Interludes of vocal music were
rendered by Mrs. Cecil Mark, known as
"The Sweet Singer of California." owing
to her work among the Endeavorers be
fore her marriape.
Rev. Dr. Coyle of Oakland delivered the
final toast on the '-Spirit of the Cove
nant." He believed that more of the
Covenanter spirit is needed on this coast,
"where men are too likely to vibrate back
and fortb in the shadowy arc of theory
and speculation."
Dr. Mackenzie ■ delivered the benedic
tion. All crowded around Dr. Minton in
the reception-room and gave him a hearty
handshake for his defense of the churcb.
The entertainment committee, which
brought tbe affair to such a successful fru
ition, was composed of: Rev. S. S,
Palmer, Rev. F. R. Farrand, Rev. Dr. H.
C. Minton, D. Edward Collins and J. G.
Chown. • ■;
TOOK OUT THE WINDOWS.
Michael Mooney Sues John Elgin, Hia
' Landlord, for Damages lv the
. Justice Court.
According to the allegations of a com
plaint filed in the Justice Court yesterday,
John Elgin, the landlord of a house at 43
West Mission street, has taken an original
and drastic method of ousting his tenants.
Michael Mooney, who with his family oc
cupies an upper flat In the structure, has
sued Elgin for $209 damages as the result
of his action.
Mooney says that a short time ago he
fell into arrears in his rent for a small
amount and asked the landlord to be pa
tient, as he would be able to pay soon.
Elgin demurred, but finally consented
to wait a few days. At the end ot the
time specified, as the coin was not forth
coming he turned oft the water and re
moved the windows from the fiat, leaving
the occupants at the mercy of the night
winds.
The plaintiff alleges that by reason of
the cold «nd exposure tbey were made ill
and much humiliated, and that only an
a .varti in the coin of the realm will soothe
their wounded feeiincs.
A PIONEER GRAIN
FIRM ATTACHED
Georga Morrow & Co. in
Serious Financial
Difficulties.
The London, Paris and American
Bank Was Aggres
sive.
The pioneer bay and grain firm of
George' Morrow <t Co. is involved in seri
ous financial difficulties.
Two attachments were levied upon the'
old bou.eat _*_» Clay street yesterday, and
they are of such a nature that even hope
ful friends of this popular, firm are ex
pressing tbe fear tbat it tuny be forced -to
the wall. One of these attachments em
anated from the London. Paris and
American Bank and was to cover on obli
gation of $21,500 due on a promissory note.
The ether was tor $1057 and was issued by
I the firm of H. Dntaid -fc Co. This, too, is
I on a note.
George P. Morrow, when seen last even
ing, declined to discuss his misfortune
further than lo say that he was greatly
surprised at what bad occurred, though
he didn't blame the bank. He hoped and
expected to soon be on bis feet and doing
business again at the old stand. He felt
sure that the house's affairs would be sat
isfactorily adjusted.
From what can be gathered from other
sources it appears that the bank people
got frightened because of a recent transfer
of some property by Alexander 0. Mulli
gan. Mr. "Morrow's partner. Suspicious,
as banks always are, this was construed
into a possible indication that prepara
tions were on foot for an assin mentor
something of the sort. Dutard & Co. took
the hint, too, and assumed the aggressive
along with the bank.
. Mr. Morrow is a resident of Oakland,
an.l owns considerable property over
there. The London, Paris and American
Bank took the precaution of attaching
this property too, yesterday, in order to
be even more certain of recovering the
amount of its loan.
Sympathy is everywhere expressed in
business circles for the embarrassed firm.
The gentlemen composing it are univets
aliy liked and admired both for their busi
ness-methods and their personal attrib
utes. The hope is expressed that they
will find their troubles short-lived, and
soon be back on tht. highroad to pros
perity. _ ■ '-.'.■Vr-.
MARKED PROGRESS.
Gratifying. Report Submitted ./it the
Quarterly Meeting of the German
Benevolent Society.
The German General Benevolent Society
held its first quarterly meeting tbis year
at Druids' Hall last night. „._!;":"
President B. Broemmel stated tbat the
report for the quarter was most gratify
ing. There was an Increase in the re
serve funds of $3933 05, derived exclu
sively from the regular resources, snch
as membership dues and initiation foes
and hospital surplus, the latter resulting
from a largely augmented patronage and
able management.
New members and subscribers for the
past quarter amounted to 115, bringing
the total up to 3266.
The charity branch of the society had
not been neglected, the amount expended
reaching $2395.
The work of the City Physician had
increased to such an extent as to render
tbe employment of another physician ab
solutely necessary, and 0. L. L.ich'.er, W.
Copmann, Dr. G. Gutsch, C. Uhlig and C.
Hess, were appointed a committee to
report on the proposition at the next
general meeting. ..-?:;:
THE LAST MEETING.
Water Bates May Be fixed by the Board
of Supervisors To-Day.
The Board of Supervisors, sitting, as a
Water Committee to consider rates to
govern the charges of the Spring Valley
Company, will meet at 10 o'clock this
morning in the assembly-room of the
board.
Supervisor Clinton, chairman of the
committee, bas asked Cherles Webb How
ard, president of the company, for figures
on the charges to owners of bouses of va
rious size*, and has also asked • acn of the
fcupervisors to turn in to him a written
statement of bis ideas of tbe . proper rate
to be charged.
A delegation of business men will be
present to look out for tbe interests of the
downtown stores. This is likely to be the
i final meeting.
COMPANY G WON
THE GOLD MEDAL
St. Brigid's Parish the
Proud Victor in the
Contest.
— — .— — — - _ T'y> :*'-■
League of the Cross Cadets
Judged by United States
0 ficers.
Ei_.__t Hundred Youths Passed in
Review fore Generals James
and Warfield.
It was not a National convention that
assembled in tbe Mechanics' Pavilion last
evening, although the multitude which
crowded the tiers and galleries well might
be mistaken for the audience on one of
those historical occasions, but it was an
outpouring of men, women and children
to witness one of the finest displays in
marching evolutions ever uiven by young
men and boys from 16 years upward.
These were the L3ague of the Cross
Cadets, 800 as bright and trim young men
as ever appeared before a San Francisco
public. The occasion was the. tbird an
nual competitive drill for tile Bishop
Montgomery trophy, Company C having
won it the first year, and Company G the
second.
The regiment was under command of a
veteran militiaman, Colonel William P.
Sullivan, late commanding officer of the
First Regiment, National Guard of Cali
fornia.
One of the features of the occasion was
the concert by the league band of forty
pieces, under the leadership of Julius L
Weyand.
In the reviewing-stand sat Archbishop
Riordan, Bishop Montgomery. Vicar-Gen
eral Very Rev. Father Prendergast, Chan
cellor Yorke. Rev. Father Friedem, Supe
rior of the Jesuits; Rev. Father O'Ryan,
spiritual director of the League of the
Cross, and a large number of other clergy
men, representing the different Catholic
orders.
The military was represented by Major-
General J__n.es and staff, _.. G. C. ; Briga
dier-General Warfield and staff, N. G. C. ;
Colonel James F. Smith of the First
Regiment, N. G. C, and others. ' "■'
Trie judges of the contest were officers
of the United Stales army — Captain C. G.
Starr of tbe First Infantry, Lieutenant J.
E. Nolan of the Fourth Cavairy and Lieu
tenant J. D. Miley of the Fifth Artillery.
The civic branch of the Government'
was represented by Mayor Phelan.
The trophy is a large rold medal, stua
ded with diamonds, pendent from a bar of
gold, which bears upon it the name of the
trophy. The center of the medal proper
i- embellished with a portrait of Bishop
Montgomery in ivory.
Any company winning the trophy for
three consecutive years becomes its owner
absolutely, and it will not in such event
be any longer a subject of competition.
At the first competitive drill for the
trophy, held in May, 1885. it was won by
Company C of St. Patrick's .parish. Cap
tain Edward Fitzgerald. At thu second
drill, in April, 1596, Company G, com
manded by Captain E. J. Power, was vic
torious. -'>_,..-,.->:
A short time ago a preliminary "try
out" competition was held, -so as to nar
row the contest down to four ot the thir
teen companies, the four successful ones
being Company A, Cathedral parish. F. S.
Brady, captain.; Company D of sacred
Heart parish, J. J. Mcßride, captain;
Company G of St. Brigid's, E. J. Power,
Captain,* and Company H of St. Bren
dan's, J. H. Powers, captain.
Thirty-nine picked men, including the
officers, represented each company in the
drill. £ach captain as he appeared on the
floor with his company was banded the
owing routine card:,
Open ranks; close ranks; form column of
fours to the right and halt; form line to the
left and move forward; turn to the left and
halt; movo forward in line; march in column
of fours to the front; march the column of
fours to the rear; form line to the front
and halt; . mnrch in line to the
rear; puss obstacle on the right;
reiorm company; lorm column of fours to the
right and change direction to the right; form
line on the right; form column of platoons to
the right and hall ; put column in march and
change direction twice; form line to the right
and continue the march; form column of
platoons to tbe fiont; reform company to the
front and halt; advance in line of platoons in
columns of fours; firm column of platoons;
form line on the riirht and halt facing the re
viewing stand; present the company.
The time occupied by each company
was as follows: Company D, 10 minutes;
Company H, 9 minute:.; Company G, 8
minutes, and Company A, 7 minutes.
The contest was very close between the
companies, but the work of Company A
was marred by a miscalculation of the
captain, which resulted in crowding a
part of his company to the wall.
A wild yell of applause went up when
the announcement was made that the
troph* had been won the second time by
Comrauy G. Captain Power was a proud
youn-, man when Bishop Montgomery
pinned the medal on his breast.
A pleasing feature of the occasion was
the drill of the hospital corps, in i-oing
after and bringing wounded soldiers to
the front. ■ "*__SM_S-__^S__S__s__S_e_£__SH
"Journal of Commerce" Sued.
Moses M. Harriet has sued the San Francisco
Journal of Commerce Company for $1000,
said to be due lor services performed.
• — —
It is usually dawn before the Saltan of
Turkey goes to bed, and at 8 o'clock be is
stirring again. He bas no confidence in
those ar und him, and his life appears to
be linr Hv worth _ day's purchase. -. ■
ICEW TO-DAT.
Quality Teas,
Quality Coffees,
Quality Spices,
Quality Extracts,
Quality Baking Powder
AT .'-'■-
Great American Importina: Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES.'
Operating ioo Stores
That's why QUALITY
is our stronghold.
1.0 Sixth st. 325 Hayes st.
965 .Market st. 2008 Fillmore at.
1.6 Ninth st. .'.'■; 3006 Sixteenth st.
617 Kearny st. 2510 Mission st.
1419 Polk st. ..- 521 Mont_ron_:ry aye.
218 Third st. 1130 Kentucky st.,
3285 Mission st. Potrero.
OAKLAND.
1053 Washington st. 1510 Seventh st.
917 Broadway, ' 616 E. Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye.
ALAMEDA- 1355 Park st.
j Headquarters. 52 Market St., S. F.
_OEW to-dat;
COLDS
Munyon's Cold Cure cures colds in the
head, co ds on the limps, old colds, new
colds and obstinate colds, and all forms of
grip. Stops sneezing, discharges from the
nose and eyes, prevents catarrh, diphthe-
ria, pneumonia and all throat and lung
trouble... These pleasant little pellets are
absolutely harmless, have saved thou,
of lives and prevented much sickness.
Price, __jc. s ..;_; ....... . .
MUNYON'S
Improved Homoeopathic Home Remedy
Company put up a separate cure for each
disease. At all druggists, mostly 25 cents.
Guide to Health free.
Personal letters to Prof. Munvon, 1505
Arch street, .Philadelohia, i Pa., answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
..A-iRSI FA/ t
Q* i<_****_^-S_B^\_ o_t>0 _t>
/r 4&2T *""^^ ff
&RSW_ANY,
_ho_ reputation is established by t™>»
years of successful practice hi 737
.Market street, San Francisco, Cal.
LOST -^ n( i a ** t - ie attenc i-
MAMUnon in £ ailments of
mANnUUIJ NERVOUS DEBI-
LITY of Young, Middle-aged
and Old Men, indiscretions of
youth, excesses of mature years,
drains which sap the vitality,
failing strength, aching back,
diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele,
dizziness of the head, gloom
and despondency, poor memory
and a wandering mind.
BLOOD AND A " blood
SKIN DISEASES. t a a n i ; t9 HZ
whatsoever, eczema, etc.
BLADDER. Irritability, cystitis,
stricture, etc.
RUPTURE. New method, sure
cure, painless treatment, no de-
tention from work, no experi-
ment, no knife, no truss.' A
positive, certain and permanent
cure.
LADIES Will receive special
and careful treatment for all
their many ailments.
WRITE if away from the city.
Book, "Guide to Health," a trea-
tise on all organs and their dis-
eases, free on application.
Absolute secrecy in all pro-
fessional dealings.
Call or address ; _
____■■_ _____.. ST?cr*E;__a._Kr-sr, ivr.r>.
737 Market St., San fraucisco, Cal.
T_HR
WEEKLY
CJILL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of th©
News of the Week and
c* MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
c*j ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°*5 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< ' PAPER ON THE
1 PACIFIC COAST
I *]j The Best • \ / / Mining
I j Telegraphic \/ News That
|°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
|©< The Coast / \& up to date
H / x —
:°< —
;01 Not a Line of it Sensational
q/ , or Faky, and Not a Line of;
"j it Dry or Uninteresting.
3 'n ' 1 _____nf
0_ Bright, Clean, A Champion of
J ' Thoughtful. 1 ruth.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
*J all THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
J • HOME MAIL, $1.50
-=>( INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
2 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL
tTONG PO CHY,
£ accessor to DR. LAI
Pu TAI, graduate of
. Canton Medical Col-
lege, after a very sue-
l-*»>ful practice of
many years in China,
has lo at.d Id San
Francisco. The aur-
irisiuga.id marvelous
cures effected* by his
herbs demonstt ata
their potence and his
cure over 400 iliffereij-
dlseases, mc udln*;
Brli_hl'4 Disease, Dia-
betes, t'onsuuipilon.
Asthma, Paraivsia.
- Brain. Nerve, Cancers, Tumors, Blood, Male 'and
Female Maladies All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsover are lnvii_-j to call.
Office. 737 Washington Street.
Office hours— 9a* m to lit m., lio 9 p.m.. s ____■
. day. 10 a. m. to l_l _». - . ■ ■
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
-IS A TOWKRFUD AriIIODiSIAC AND
X specific tonic for the sexual and urinary orxani
of both sexes, and a great remedy for diseases it
the kidneys . and bladder. A great Kustorauv*
'invigorator and Nervine, Sells on Its own Merits;
j no long- winded testimonials necessary.
NAt-Jb-K. ALU. Jc _-ltC_i*i_. Agent*.
I 3_^ Market bt. ( S. _r,— _-____. tor ClrcuUrj
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OK THE 51AHKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat about .he same.
Barley adranc up again.
Oats in moderate supply.
Several kinds of Corn higher.
Buckwheat scarce and firm.
New Hay expected shortly.
Beans and seeds dull.
Great change in Fruit pro-meets.
More Cherries in.
New Prunes expected to open higher.
Provisions unchanged.
Bweet Potatoes higher.
Turkeys lower.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Boil* Barley Weber.
Corn products advanced
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flguio*
ft station indicate maximum temperature for the
•lays: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid.
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature, The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is visually accomnanled by fair weather: "low"
refers to" low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains, j
-Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and tho isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
I'XITKD STATKB PkPARTMKNT OP AORtCITI>
tiki, Wkatrer Bukevu, San Francisco,
April 29. 1897. SP. M .— The followingare the rain
falls fur the past 24 hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Eureka, past 24 hours .00, this season 49.10,
las: season 45.61; Red Bluff, past 24 hours .00,
this season 24.08, last season 20.21; san Fran
cisco, past 24 hours .00. this season 22.61, last
Season 20.53: Fresno, pas". 24 hours .00, this sea
son 10.53, last season 8.16: San Luis Obispo, past
24 hours .00, this season 20.71, last season 17.62;
Los Angeles, past 24 hours .00. this season
16.76,'1a5t season 9 06: San Diego, past 24 hours
.00, this season 11.65, list season 5.90; Yuma.
I.as' 24 hours .00 this sea«on 5.35, last season .88.
fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature 65,
minimum 47. mean 56
Weather conditions and general forecasts:
The pressure this evening is highest over Idaho
and on the Oregon and extreme Northern Calfor
nla coast. I is lowest IB Ansoca. There has been
a marked fall in pressu c dun g th- past 12 hours
in We .tern Oregon and extreme uorthern portion
of California j.ieht uor.herlv winds have pre
vailed to-day throughout California, but are di
minishing in fo cc due to the falling pressure to
the northward. Should the pressure in Oregon
continue to tail 12 hours longer, it will cause partly
cloudy weather and southerly winds In Northern
calif rnia Friday.
lorecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnlgnr, April 31. .897.
Northern California— .air Friday, except in
creasing cloudiness on the northern coast; winds
shining to southerly iti northern portion.
Southern Calilornia—Fair Friday: generally
warmer; light northerly to westerly winds.
Nevada and Utah—tair; warmer Friday.
Arizona—Fair Friday.
Sun Francisco and vicinity—Fair Friday; fresh
wester y to westerly winds In the after coon.
W. H. Mammon-, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK 31 ARRETS.
NEW YORK, IS. V.. April 29.-The stock mar
ket opened firm and tract onally higher. Dealings
centered in a few slocks and were entirely devoid
of feature except that Jersey Central showed a loss
of % . London quotations for American*, showed
an easier tendency. Specialties receded generally
during the early hour the heaviness being at
tribute! to special causes. Western Union was
sensitive, owing to the revival of unfavorable gos
sip as to the forthcoming dividend action.
Tne London market's improvement was doe to
rumors of intervention in the Grteco-Turkish
troubles, but was not reflected here and failed to
prevent a fresh attack upon Jersey Central or de
ter realizing sa.es In Sugar and Chicago, Burling
ton ana Quiucy. The publication of the latter's
March traffic returns caused disappointment and
a selling movement. Chicago was one of thn
few stocks closing fraction ily higher than yester
day. The remainder of the list, with the excep
tion of Jersey Central, which sustained a net loss
Of * 3/i%, made no special progress in either direc
tion. ihe only go.d engaged for shipment was
$500,000. The uovernment' bond market was
quiet ana firm. Railway bonds were moderately
active, with pri. es steady.
Wheat and Flonr.
WHEAT- 10:30 13:00 12:00 1:00 2:10
May 78 771/4 776/ 78V* 77-y 8
July ;7t.y a 757/8 761/8 *■"**% • vavs
September 7'ii_ 73 73V» 72»
Spot, dull: Lab. afloat, N0.,1 Northern spring
New York, 8 tlftffi; No. 1 Northern spring, Du.uih,
fcSVsC: >•'"• 3 hard winter. 77y 8 c; No. 2 hard
« ciiier, 78*/ B e.
Future coding: April. . 791/ 8 c; May, 77r c;
Jul.-, 8 : s-ptembtr. 72»4c; December. 74 Vac.
FI nut. — Winter, t*tY.»: Superfine $3 800':
Na 2 extra, S3 30(a:' 40: No. 1 extra. $3 50_.» 80
--o-i»r-.. $S 5003 lb straights, 53 3_-@4 10; patents,
$4 2004 90. *-"..-.'
GRAIN FREIGHTS— New York to Liverpool,
by steam, 21.411.
Dried Fruits.
RAlSlNS— California raiiins are scarce and
fairly active. Prices, however, show no I reprove
r-cent nut renin! ■ firm. California. 50-lb boxes,
23 /4 c; crown, 4_t5.-_.ct seeded, 7»/-_@.Voc: seed
leSS IllUiClllci,, 5 '/j _>.>•"> J. c
CURRANT*— 4Va<co.«*.4 . In barrels: 4"/2@514c
incases: Cleaned bul*, 6' /2 0tlc : carton**, ti(g,7*V_c.
PRUNES— c a. norma, 2a- lb boxes. 407v*,c; 00-a
boxes, 3*/__o7c
APRlCoTs— California, boxes, 9015 c; bags, 80
PEACHES— California, nnpeeled, bags, 6®BiAc- '
boxes, 7Vt_o9V<_c: peeled, 12016 c. '
FIGS— _raucy ordinary, 12018 c; fancy wash.d. i
21024 c
DaTKS— Persian, 60- Ib boxes, 2"_/ 04i/4C; lard,
boxes 4^406*:; casss. i)*VaC<*ic.
CITRo..- 1 i%©i2y 2 c
WALNUTS— California standard, 61,4 c: soft
shell, Be.
ALMONDS— Shelled, 16®'.9c.
Produce.
PROVISIONS— Lard, Prime, $4 3214.
PORK— Firm, but dulL Mess $8 7509 25.
I ALiOW-3 3 ltfc.
HlDl*:.— Galveston, 14c; Buenos Ayres, dry.
18*/2©l9c -■_?•*-.'
sL-_iAR-89-degree, 2 13-16 c; 96-degree, 3*t4c;
refined dull.
bl'TTi-.K- Creamery, Western. 17c.
EGGS— stae, fresh gathered, 1001014 c
PETROLEUM— New or* relin J. 50 05; Phil*
adelphia and Baltimore refined, $6; refined in
bin* S.. 50. '"■•'".■•-■_
LEATHER— HemIock sole, Buenos Ayres, light
tohenv. wa.ghls. 200 ac d. 20023.
HOPS-Crop of •_._.. vljiJCc: '96, 4*Vi3loc:
ciasl '95, 3®6c: coast '9«, 7011 Vie
Wool— i/uuies Ie flee*. j6@_ic; pulled, 15®
20c.
-* FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
<_ Leldesdorff St, TeL Main 1034.
CENTRA I. OFEICE
C 23 Market _._.*,' Palace Hotel. pur lv A Atkinson.
Managers. Tel. Main 6144. ■ •-. _
Uptown Office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill '
Room). TeL Main 91.
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP, Mano «r«.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
tatlons. Reference Ist National Bank. S. t.
IKi-A... JftWfASm. Wiiii.. NJ_ W YORK. -
, - ... Metals. -
1 -(' TIN -913 204.1.' 25.
PICIKU. — Easy, southern, 910011; North
ern. $.0 50@12 60.
Stocks and Itntids.
Open my. doting.
American Sugar 9: .4 9113 75
American sugar Pfd — — —
American Touacco 70 50
American Spirit lug CO 1075 1075
Atchison 1050 1050
Hay State Gas 8 75
Canadian Fa-iflc 62 00
Central Pacific
Chicago i.as. 8150 8.50
C.B. _. Q 7-il2-_ 73 00'
Con. Gas ■
« ord__e ■
Cordage Pfd
Denver* Rio Grande Pfa. 8-00 37 50
Delaware it Lackawana ... 149 _7*_ 149.>7i'i
Erie....
General Electric 31 12V__
Hocking \'a lev .
Jerse-*- « e dral 71,75 78 75
Kansas A Texas Pfd 27 37-Vi
Lake Shore 162 00
Louisville _t .Nashville 4.. 87 J/, 44 00
Mannatlan Con 84 25 K4 25
Missouri Pacific 16 00
National L id
New Haven 170 00
New York &. > ew- England.
New York 1 en. ral — — 99 60
North Pacitic. lvsS7 ] >j|
North Pacific, Pfd 35 I_*__
Northwestern „ 103 75
North American . 387 1 / a
Oregon Navigation . 1000
Oregon Navigation, Pid.... 42 00
Pacific Mail. _____ 26 00
Pullman...
Quicksilver (Con Exehnge). 100 00
Bock Island ea 50
Reading. 18 75 18 62 Vi
Southern Pacific 14 60
81. Paul 72 75 7276
Texas Pacific 8 75
Tennesse Coil «t Iron 2150 2150
Union Pacific
U. S. Leather
U. S. Leather, pfd .*-2 62V_ 63 00
YVestern Union 77 75 • 78 00
YVahash, Ptd
Bar silver $ Bl**j_
Sterling on London, 60 days '.*... 4 87
Sterling on London, sight 4 Bi-"/i
U. B, .'x. registered 96 50
U. IS. '*, new M> 123 25
T. k 4's, new, coupon . 124 25
V. S. 4's in 50
I. & 4's.couo 112 76
]'• *=*• &'« •' ".. 113 37V 2
U. S. s's, coupon 114 62Va
CHICAGO MAKKETS.
CHICAGO, I_.r_. April 2*.- Provisions opened
lower, owing to the heavy receipts of live hogs and
a decline of 5c ln that market. Prices railed later
on liberal buyini br leading packers, closing
steady and slightly higher.
WHEAT- 9:30 .0:00 10:30 11:00 11:30
» l »V "■".a VOVs ***0% 70, i 705.4
July 70**.. «*9.' 8 701,4 71. Sg 701/4
September 67S/ 8 60 Vi b7 67 67*Vs
12:00 12:. 0 1:00 1:15
April 7( a/,
Mar 71-,'s 71. ' 8 7114 703/4
July 71V« ""I 1 .* 705,4 70S/8
September 67»/* 68 678,8 6t.-.__
Produce.
BUTTER— Western, 16c. Receipts 4*oo tubs.
EGG*.— Western quoted at S'.ic. Receipts 12,
--400 cases.
Livestock.
HOGS-Llght, 93 80@4: mixed. 93 80*33 97i_,:
heavy, S3 50©3 92%; rough. $3 60@3 60. Re
ceipts 31,000- Packers bought 28,100. shippers
6010. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 22.000 to
j 25.000.
CATTLE-Beeves, 93 75@5 25: cows and heif-
I ers. 91 90©4 40; Texas steers, 9 . 25(__4 35 : stock
ersand feeders. 93 45@4 45. Kecelp « 10.500.
SHEEP— Native sheep, 1.2 76(g.4 90; YVesterns,
S3 50@4 85; lambs, $3 60®6 60. Receipts 14,000.
Market stealy.
rORKI-N MAKKETS.
London.
LONDON, Ens., April _ 9. Consols, 112; silver,
28V4d; French rentes, 102f92c.
Liverpool.
WHEAT - Quiet. No. 1 standard California
wheat. 31s 6d; cat goes off coast, dull partially 3d
lower; cargoes on passage, easy partially 3d lower:
English country markets, quiet and s.eady ; trench
<*oiin:r.- m<rkets stead. : Liverpool wheat. No. 1
California. 6* 3*__d; wheat lv Paris, weak; flour in
Paris, weak.
COTTON-Uplands, 4V_d.
rxiTvmma.
I he Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red YY'inter: May,
5s 10V*d; July, 6s 11141 : September, 61 lOVa't-
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days '_ a 4 87
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88X4
Sterling Cables _ 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17*/ 3
Fine silver, per ounce. — bits.
Mexican Dollars 49Vi &0
■_►
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Remains uncbanced. Futures fluctu
ate uo and down on about the same plane.
Quoted at $1 25 ft 1 271,, for common grades,
f 1 3001 Stilts f> ctl for average No. 1, . 1 35 for
choice and $1 3 ' .*,(gu 45 for extra choice milling
sonora, fl 87*1/901 40 for No. 1 and $1 450
1 47-Vi for milling.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
22.0C0c.15. $1 21; 10,000, (1 20"' : 2000 $1 20 ,fe
-4000. «1 20-1,4.
second session — December— 22,ooo ctls
»1 2UI/4; 22,000; fl 20; 10.000. $1 '.OV.; 1000J,
$119%.
I. lar Morning Session— December—
ctts, $1 H_i*_*: 1000. $ l i »%: 10,000, $li_,}_.;
8000. 9. 19: 24,-00, f_ lf.t/ 0 .
Afternoon SEsaioN — December — 2000 ctls,
fl 19: .000, fl 191/s; 400.*, fl 19i/__: 16.000.
ft l»%fc: 14,000, $1 .»V«: 10,000, $1 1..3.*, fcOOO,
$1 395/8-
BAnLEY-Tie holding off of rain is again hard
ent tbe market. Feed, 70@75c; Brewing re
mains nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
20Ou ens. 7-c.
second session— December— 2ooo ctls, 72V_c:
2000 (off cal.), 73c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
AFTERNOON SESSION— No sales.
OATS— Continues quiet. Offerings are not h»aw.
Fancy Puget Sound. $1 3001 it); good to choice,
*1 l- : , 2 tf 1 25-. common, $I©l 07i_. Clipped Oat.
Se.l at $l@2 f> ton over the raw product.
COR..— Dealers quote flrmar prices for small
round yellow and while. J arge Yellow, 850
90. fcmall Round do. $I©l 02V»; White, 85c _•
ctl.
RYE— 76@B2%c _. ctl.
BUCKWui-A , —The last sale was at $1 25, but
the market Is stiff and bare of stock.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Corn products have advanced.
FLOCK— Net -ash prices are: Family extras,
$4 7504 85: Bakers' extras, $4 5004 65; super
fine, $4©4 35 » bbl.
CORNMEAL. ETC —Feed Corn, $18019 ft ton;
Cracked Corn. 18 50019 50 _. ton.
MILLs>TUFFS— Prices in sack* are as follows,
usual discount to tbe trade; Graham Flour. $2 85
_. 100 lbs; Kyo Flour. $2 60 *_* 100; Rice Flour,
$5 75: Cornmeal, $202 -..: extra cream do, ,2 75,
oatmeal, $3 60; Oat Groats, .4: Hominy, $3 .00
3 3_; tuck wheat Flour, 93 50 J 50; Cracked
Wheat, $360; Farina, $4; .V'tioiu Wheat Flour,
t_: Rolled oats (bbls). $4 7505 15: Pearl Barley.
$3 7504; Split Peas, S3 50. Green do, $4 25 '_. 100
lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF!..
Rolled Barley advanced. New Day Is expected
in the first of next week. Dealers hardly loon for
lower prices, even when the new crop comes In.
BRAN— 13 50014 for the best and $12 60013
ft ton tor out Ide brands.
MIDDLINGS — fI7OIK for lower grades and
flB 60019 50 _. ion forthe best.
IEJ_Di.TI.FFs — Rolled Barley. $16016 60-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 00 ft ton: lobbing
$27 60. **
HAY— Wheat, $8010 50: Wheat and Oat. $70
10: Oat, $608 60: Barley, $6 6008: Alfalfa. SB
07 60: compressed, $609 60; stock, $606; Clo
ver, $6*B ft ton.
STRAW— 2S__SOc %- bale.
B_______Va AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos quoted at $1 600185; Rmall
Whites, 16*1 20 per ctl; large Whites, flol 15
_. oUi Pinks. 101 20; Reds, $1 1001 30: Black
eye, tl 6001 65; Bed Kidney, fl 7502 20: Ll
mas, $1 6001 75; Butters, $1 2501 60: Pea, $1
01 20. **
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 60(32 76: Yellow
Mustard. $1 60 *** ctl; Flax . Sl 50 *_. ctl; Canary
Seed, l'V4<__-V4C V lb: Alfalfa. G-/4C; Rape, 2V*O
Vl'/ic; Hemp, ac: Timothy. 4*w_c.
URIEL PriAS— Niles, $1 1001 Hi ft ctl; Green,
f 1 8001 60 _. CIL
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Sweet Potatoes are In small supply and firmer.
Receipts of new Onion, are rapidly increasing.
Vegetables show no particular change.
P-iTAToES — New Potatoes, .401 14 c ,_. Ib:
Sweet potatoes $1 6001 75 r*ctl Early Rose, 650
70c *_. ctl; River Reds. 70076 c: Burbank Seed
lings, 60___0c _. ctl for Rivers and 60®70c for
n.nniii-i; Oregon Durban ks, 6U085c.
ONlONS— Oregon*, $2 2603 i* ctl. Cut Onions,
$1 2601 60 ft sack. Nevada--. $2 50@*J. Aus
tralian Onions Jobbine at Sj 5004 60 9 ctl. New
lit .]., fl ,M..._! 75 V tl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 944 boxes As
paracus. 692 boxes Rhubarb and 1374 sks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers are quotable nt-tOrosl ft
dozen; Asparagus. 76<@$1 25* box for common,
$1 6001 76 for choice and $2 f. box for fancy:
Rhubarb, 40®:<0c or or unary and 66®76c for
choice large: Marrowfat Squash. $t,07 %■ ton;
Dried Peppers, 608 c V lb: Green Peppers. 250
35c: M«xl< an Tomatoes, $.'O2 25 V box : Green
Peas, 60066 eft sack for common and 76085 c for
Garden; ix» Angeles string Beans 10c ft Ib:
Dried Okra. B©9c ft Tb; Cabbage. 76085 eft ctl;
Carrots, 26030 eft sack: Garlic, 1 .*;■__ 2c ft St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1 597. *
WTTl.ll, . CHEESE AND -LOG*.
The markets run along without much change, as
the demand aud supply about balance.
11 ►.__.- ' ;.
C-ika-ikky— Fancy creameries. 13@13i_c; sec
onds. 12_J12- _c r> tb.
Dairy— Choice 10 fancy, ll@l2c li lb; lower
grades, B@luc.
Pickled— •? lb for new.
F'ikkin— !______ -0 tb for new.
- Chkamkry Tub— New, 14c rt lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, tf-V_t<*t?o f-1 lb: coin
.-non to good, &■*..._.(,■. Cream Cheddar, 10@llc:
Y'ouni America, 7_£Bc; Western, lie; Eastern, 13
_$15c V lb.
Kt-ii. s-f;anch Eggs. 1 lVa«l2c; store Eggs, 101,4
©lie V- doz; Duck Eggs, l-.@l3c.
__^___^_
I'OILTUV AND GAME.
POULTRY -Eastern is selling at 95 2505 60 for
Hens, 97 50 for young Boosters and 94 50 for old
Roosters.
A decline in Turkeys is the only change In local
stock.
Live Turkeys, 13@1 4c for Gobblers, 13@14cfor
Hens: Geese _. pair. Sl '..6'el 50: Goslings, 92@
2 26; Ducks. 93 I of_4 50 for old and 95 50@7 for
young: Hens. *3 50.94 50; Roosters, young. 96 50
®7 • 0: do, old, ,4@.4 25: rry ers, 95i_6b: Broilers.
el 50@5 tor large uud $2@3 for small; Pigeons,
91 iO(g,l 76 ft doz for young and 9 1 25 for old.
GAME— Hare, nominal;* Rabbits, nominal.
DECIDIOtS AND UITKUS FKUITS.
Receipts of Strawberries were 159 chests.
Turing th. past 24 hours a great change has
come over tbe Calilornia F'rult outlook for this
year. Reports from Chicago say that the Peach
crop is a practical lallure throughout the YVestern
States and that the Apple crop bids fair to be
light. A dispatch from New York says: "From a
thorough investigation by a fruit expert It seems
probable that at least nine-tenths of the anticipat
ed large crop of Plums. Peaches and Cherries along
the Hudson River were des.royeu by the recent
frost, lhe same result Is feared in New Jersey
and Delaware."
Private vices from New York confirm this
dispatch and at t his writing lt appears that tbe
Fruit crop throughout the Eastern country has
suffered severe damage. The result of tins news
Is already seen in the advanced estimates which
dea are making tor pr.ces of Fruit this year.
A box of Cterr es from Y'acavllle sold at 92.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, ?5@7 *{. chest for large and 96®
10 for small.
Apples. _I@2 _■». box.
CITRUS lilt ITS— Navel Oranges are quotable
at $3<#4 %-. box for cbotie to fancy and 91 25<f_-
V, box for common; Seedlings. 91i_j)l 50 _l box;
Mediterranean Sweets, $1 :.o@2 "p box: Lem
ons, 75c(&$l 25 lor common and 91 50@2 25
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, 9tt__7 "ja b>x;
Bananas, 91@2 ft bunch; Pineapples, 9°.'_*i4 %-uloz.
DRIED Fi;UIIS. RAISIN'S, NUTS, ETC.
Prospects for the new season are very encourag
ing, as will be seen under the heal of Deciduous
Fruits. Up to yesterday lt was thought that new-
Prunes would open at "y*c, but now dea'ers place
•he opening prices at 3-*/2<(§4c, this belus a mere
estimate, of course.
DRIED /hi li S— Quotation-! are as follows:
Peaches. 4(__sV%c ~t* lb; fancy. 6c tf, tb: peeled.
7(a)llc; Apricots, 6i__,Bc; Moorparks, io@l2c;
evaporated Appes, t©si/fec: sun-dried, 2@3c;
Prunes, 2**4(__!*>4c for the 4 sires: white Figs, 3c;
Plums, 4ftS4i-3C ior lifted and lijtli^c for un pil- j
led; Nectarines. 3i-.d7.5i/2CV lb lor piime to fancy;
Pears, 2' a c<_4.- tor wuole, 2' /2 _.5c; lor quarters and
3@-cc for halves.
RAISINS—
Four-crown, loose. 53 4 c: S-crown. 41,4 c; 2-crown.
S'/sc "^ lb; seed ess sultanas, 6@sVac: seedless
Muscatels. 4*V«;C; 3-crown London layers. *I@l 25;
clusiers, Sl 60; Dehesa clusters, &•£ 50; Imperial
clusters. 92 60; dried grapes out.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8@10c: YY'alnu a
6 1 /ij©7c %* lb for standard and y©9i*oC * lb for
softshell: Almonds, 6_^6i-^c for l_inguedoc, 3®
31 2 c- for hardshell and B@9c "c* lb for papersbeii:
Peanuts. 4<0.6c *£ lb for Eastern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, r-<36c ,* lb; Pecan«, ~ 2 £
8c _. lb: Filberts, 71 .@Bc; Brazil Nuts, 3 SBc;
Cocoanuts $5@5 50 t" 100.
HONEY"— Comb. 10@12% for bright and s<_9e
tor lower grades; water-white extracted. 6®si 2 c:
light amber extracted. 4<U>@4B' k c; dark amber,
4f_f4V2c; dark, 2r^:.c _. lb. "
BEESWAX— 22@25c "j" !b.
. PROVISION'S.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7y__c 9 ft. for heavy. 8c
m lb for light medium. Be for light. 10c ""» lb
for extra llcht and 12c V3> for sugar cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12**_c ft lh California
Hams, lie ft lh: Mess Beef, 99 ~%s bbl; extra
mess do, $9 50: family da $lci@lo 50: extra
prime Fork, (8 50: extra clear. $14 m bbl; mess,
$12 "ft bbl; Sn_.o_.ed Beet, 10c ft lb.
L -.ill)- Eastern tierces are quoted at 63_c for
compound and _i_c ior pure: palls. 7c; Cal
ilornia tierces, 41/jc for compound and s*^c for
pure; half-libls, 6Vic: 10-tt> tins, 7c; do 6- lb 7V_a
COTTOLENE— oc In tierces and 73 4 (gßVs'** In
10- una
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS. |
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c; me
dium, 7c V lb: light, 6'' 2 @7c-. cowhides. 6*>^(_.7c;
Slags. sc: sailed Kip. 6<i.7c %l lb: salted Calf, 7_zßc:
salted Veal 6@7c: dry Hides. 121 _<tfl:'c: culls and
brands. 9i ailli.- ft tb: dry Kip and Veal, 9010 c;
dry CalL . sc: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20(_35c ach;
Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer. 25c ft lb:
medium, 20c; winter, 10c; c-hecpskins, shear
lings, lOK'-'Oc each: short wool. 25@40c each;
medium. 40(550c each; long wool", 806_76c eacn:
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered. _!-.«(_f}3c _. tb; Na 2,
2V«,c: refined. sc: _______ -Jc fl tt>-
WOOL priuc clip: Mountain, ll@l4c ft lb:
Foothill, 10&12 1 ban Joaquin, year's clip, 7©
10c: do, seven months, B_}llc ft &>; Nevadas, 10
@14c: Eastern uregon. 7@loc.
i [OPS .-_..* for lair to choice and 9__*lUc "_. _.
for fancy. New Oregons are being contracted for
at 10c and new Washinglons a*. 7 __9c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Prices have again declined. Calcutta
Grain Bags, spot. s"_- 2 c; June-July delivery, sc:
San Queutln, *5 40; Wool Bags, i _("__7c.
COAL— Wellington, $8; New Wellington, $8;
southfield Wellington, $7 50: Seattle, $5 50:
Bryant. $5 50; Coos Hay, (4 75: Wallsend, $7
> ton: Cumberland. *'. 3 50 V ton in bulk and $15
In sacks; Pennsylvania, Anthracite Egg, 11012 ft
ton; Welsh Anthracite, 88010. Cannel, $8 ft ton:
Fock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley,
(7 80: Coke. $'. 1.a.12 in bulk and $13 ft ton Inska
CORDAGE— prices for 10,000- Ib invoices are:
1 * 4 inch Manila, o*;.c: do sisal, &c: 12-thread
Manila. ~K'iC: do Sisal, S^c: 6 and 9 thread Ma
nila, 7>/j-,C; do Sisal, 6c; Bale Rope (3 and 4
strand), Manila, b*4c; do sisal, 6c; Bale Bope (2,
6 and 8 strand). Manila, 7'.ic: do sisal 5i /2 c ft tb
SUGAR— Western sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: _ ü be and Crushed and Fine
Crushed, tic; Powdered, sy-,c; Dry Granulated,
4",' 8 c; Confectioners' A, 47' 8 c: Magnolia A. 4t_c;
Extra C, 4*" »c : Golden C, 4**/* c: Candy Granulated,
fi' : halt barrels *,ie more than barrels, and boxes
Vac more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
_■
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, SVa@6c; second do, Cc;
third do, 4-0.4 ' ._*.. '•_. tb.
VKAL— Large. s<__6c; small, 6@7c _. tt_
MUTTON— Wethers. s!__6y c; Ewes, 4@sc *_. __.
LAMB— Spring, 636***_c ft lb.
PURK- Live lions, 3Vi_i_3--/ 8 c for large and 3V-,
@oS /4 c for small and medium; soft Hogs, 2*J*i®3c:
messed do, 506 c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
reit 24 HOUR-.
Flonr. ar ska.... 17.8D4 Cheese, «__..,„. 201
Wheat, ells. 2.220 Kggs, c 05.... „ 32 661)
larley. cils..._. 6,240 Hides, n0.... '.„ 201
iii,i,-i '»i ...... 62 Pelta bdis. ._"„,. 183
Corn, cut 210 Wine. ga15. ..... 61,900
Oats, ctls. 290 Brandy, ga15..... 1,600
Rye, ctls .._.... 725 001. bis ....... 5.44
potatoes, tu... 2.683 1 1 .earner, rout.... 70
Oregon 801 , Tallow. ctls. .... 412
Onion*, ski 6-' Lumber. _tfei_. 10
Hay. twos _, 274 Mme. nbls _. 3*s^
Bran, aks 1,970 Quicksilver, _s__ ___■
Middlings, ski... 250 Flaxseed, sks.... 24
Butter, cue.. 431
. -_■♦■»
THE STOCK MARKET.
Fluctuations In mining socks were sharp yes
terday. The opening was strong, with Con. Cal.
<_ Va. at $2. but ia er on in the day prices broke.
Cor. Cal. A Va. selling down to $180, hollar
from $1 10 down to 9_»c, Potosl from 66c down to
54c, Ophir from $1 15 to $1 and so on. Sales ln
the leading stocks were larger than usual.
It is reported that the large purchases of Con.
Cat. & Va. for Virginia City account were caused
by an improvement in the new ore vein which is
being followed by an upraise from the north drift
from upraise 1, 60 feet above the 1650 iov.l. It
was in this north drift that the superintendent
reported tbe discovery of ore, last week averaging
on the west side $114 32 per ion.
Gould & curry is assessed 2J cents.
Tin- -.una Rosalia Mining i ompany has declared
its fourth dividend of 10 cents, payable on May I.
The annual meeting ofthe Hutchinson .-..gar
Plantation (.ompany has been called for May 11.
The liold <"<>in Mine, ( ompanv of Coinralo ha.
declared a quar dividend of. 2 per cent on Its
capital stock, payable May L
Tee Larkin Mining Company of EI Dorado
County has levied au assessment of 1 cent, de
linquent May 24.
lne Ontario Mining Company of Utah has de
clared a monthly dividend of 10 cents, payab c
April SO. . '.. * . . *.;..*
The calilornia Vigorit Powder Company has
levied an a.sessmetu of 50 cents, delinquent on
May 29. .
In the Com stock workings of the Savage mine
dating th» past week the usual progress was made
on the 500, 760 and 850 levels, with no changes
In the material encountered in the several open
ings. On the ' Brunswick lode, ut shaft 1, the
station and chute on the 61.0 level have been
.peeled and work at und below that point sus
pended for the present, on the surface boy are
eng ged In putting in a boiler of larger capacity
t_an the o d one. and until this work Is completed
t --*..? l . at -*" r of *-**" or twelve days) prospecting work
will be suspended.
In the Crown Point mine they have temporarily
discontinued work in the south drill on the sev
enth flour of the 800 level raise. 118 feet from
crosscut 1, and have started west crosscut 3 from
the end of It. which Is now out 17 feet In i.ori hyry
and low-grade quart. On the 600 level they are
savlne a little pay ore from the end of the aouth
w- st drift • The top Is in quartz showing spots and
bunches of ••gold" ore. -
Ihe Joint Yeilow Jacket. Crown Point and Ken
tuck Consolidated drift from tbe Yellow Jacket
shaft on the "sagebrush" level is out 380 feet, 30
• feet having been added during the past week.
The yield of the Belcher mine tor the past wie*
| amounted to 77 mlncng car.o»ds of ore, averaging
by assay 927 29 per ton. ": . 7 v
KOA-i-Lt - SALEM. v.
Fellow; were the ta.es ln the San Francisco
Heck Board yesterday °-
Ki* in lah MOR.vixn session, rnww-xerv •» 9:30.
400 Alfa 07100 C0nf1...1.11i2000cc1dU....18
100 Andes 24.00 C NY. ..0- 500 0vrmn....05
100 Belcher... 3- oj C F0in_....3 . 1200 P0t051.. .63
20 ' .S9 76J U AC -_iV»_;i...i_M
1100 H_tH....7_ 50 ....HI) h.Nev J.. ,
1500 Bullion.. 08 SJ llc_.\ 9t't*'oo 59
9Uii Choir. .1.10 .60 Mxic 5. 500 Hill 02
'00 1.05 400 __ Git C. 09 300 tm.uC_._7
2500 UU_fcV._-.oli 100 _pn.r... 1.161 .50 26 '
60 1.9-100 1.101700 t JC_tt....2B I
AKTF.KNO.'N SFI-aiON— ;:.1.
1200 Atta 06,410 ChoUar... 9o 500 Potosl 66
1< _ Andes 241500 _9. 500 66
10 • K__B _. 67 1000 Odfc. C...30 I'o 54
100 Caleda.... __M___ Mexcn.. .4- 30 J _ Nev 61
200 .'...1.8.J, 60- ophtr...l .08 15- Union 24
950 1.90 100 1.00450 25
400 ..._. 1.85100 Occdl 16 10J i-«_ia„.B
26 1.80 1 I
Following were the --_>■> is the Fact do Stock
loaiU yesterday:
***"--ttL.R ae-aimr— •»■»!-.
800 Alpha 08 700 CC&V...2.16 1400 Mexlcans2
"00 Alia 07 800 2% l*-00 6..
600 Andes 252900 2.U _0i» 60
450 24 100 2.07% 49
300 231200 2.0-.-40. Uoblr..lV 8
300 22 100 2.02% -000 1.10
125'J Belcber..Sßli*oo 2.00 2« 0 1.07%
200 lili 76 400 . .. 1.97% 700 0vnn_....05
700 74 3 0 1.- "1201 Potosl 67
600 731300 1.921/3 .'OO 66
200 7« 1100 I.s*l*' 'oo 64
'-'00 71 260 C 1mp. ..-."I 400 63
1400 70 750 02 300 62
"400 -8 700 CNY 03 40* fava_e....23
400 Bullion. ...08 _oj c P0int.... 34 200 Scorpion. .o3
100 Ca1eda. ...14 500 Kxchqr...o4 700 _>8<tM....03
200 la 600 U<tC _..S7 5 cU-.N.v 58
20'J cna11«e...34 1000 86 201) 57
20J Ch0ir. ..1.15 400 33 200 66
300 H/8 2200 32 .00 Mil Hill.
600 1.10200 HAN »_i!._o-* -lilOu. . 27
200 1.07% 500 Julia. 041-00 26
300 1.06 20 J Kentuclc.o6 300 25
800 1.110 500 L Wash.. .ol 400 Utah 07
300 _. 961500 ........02-00 _ -<____(... II
200 600 Occlcl 21 .00 28
40ci Cond .;; 1.16|500 19300 27
60 iy 8 400 1-1
A*l KRJi-OOJcI SKSSIOV— ?:*»..
Sn*» _»i r t,» 18 10' CC_tV_..2.oo9oo 19
800 Alta. 06 200 1.671/% , SdO Ophlr . i.(j_>
300 05 1100 1.0-1200 1.02%
200 Andes 400 I.bo 71.0 1.00
200 __ 100 1.8- 4000vrmu....06
3UJ Belcher. .3, 200 ____rnPt.-3_ tOO Poioai 66
10) LAB 67 18-ld l___C. . .31 '.0J Savage.... 19
700 t>..Scl_ 29 10 J _ Ny 53
400 8u11i0n.. ..0b IOJ Hit.. .9 100 62
200 Caled lo 300 Mexlcau_ 49 50'J 51
100 Chllnge...3. 1.00 46 iOO Stnrd....!-.,^
200 Chollar. ..91 2.0 Ny . .06,200 V uion... ..__._>
100 conn .. .1.1014 .0 occd ...17 310 Utah.. ...06
100 lis 200 lb .OJ * JU-__....__7
100 ....... l.loj ______ I
CL _.__._._. (-lOTATION-,
- — ...*-.. —.- . . *■
THURSDAY. April 29 4 p.m.
Jlrl.A".r.:i -»<_. *«*«..
Alpha Con 07 O.'init* .... 05 06
Alia. 05 C7I Jostle* _ 03 05
Andes. 23 23 _em nek. ...... 05 06
Belcher 36 ie Mexican 46 47
test ife Met oas: -66 67 Nevada QMN- — 16
Benton Coa.. _ — lb cc. denial. .... 18 10
Bullion _ 07 0_ uphlr 1.00 1.05
Caledonia. 12 14 overman.. ..„ 04 05
(.hollar 90 91 1 -tosl _ 64 65
Corneals Va... 1.85 lt»Oi*-avage. _. 18 19
Challenge Coo. 33 .5 - corpiou. ...^ — 14
ton. ImperiA. 01 t2j-eg. Belcher. . 02 04
Confidence.... I.lo' 1.15 -ilver Hill ol I*l
con Now Yor_ 12 — Nevada. 60 51
Crown 10c0... 31 32 -taudard 1.60 1.05
Easit6ierraN«r — M -indicate. .._ — tsi
eureka Coa ._ — itl l c0n..... 24 25
Kxcheouer .... 02 04 tan - 06 17
Oi.no it Curry. 30 31 • MMi 27 28
i.*..i**...ucc-i U5 90
tlO_i_. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. April 29-2 P. M.
TTNITKK bTATKS tUJSm.
J ... . •-.-._. I Bt-t. __«-e_.
C P4« r0up .312- ;'.13 l* re;... 109 "-10%
L'onew issue 1-3 .2 — .
MIBCKI.I_AN-_OOS BOXn..
Cal-stCbleSs.ll2 — -.'■-,:>- - tni
CalElecL6s — 130 |Lo2d Is _._. . 107,4116
Intra C — tiai. a O-iuibui Oa.. 1^0 ;, 4 122%
Bpni-stex-cp — 100 iP-feOKytf.. - 113
tdsn L<fcPßsl27%l29 l'__Ch Rv 6s. lOC^IO-.*-**
F-feCURR 6*106% — iFwl-st RRtfillJ .18
Geary-it It ss — 102 heno, WLJtL — loi
11 (.-_>. <!,,». 100 _ it-actoPifeL. - 100
LosAngL6. 92% 100 -FifeNPß6_.. 10'.'%102%
DoGnteed 6s 95 100 f-l'ltßArizSi 92_Vg 04
Mxt-stCble6sli:3*._l24 ._ fePBBCaI6». 107 107%
DoßyCon Us. lOOVsiOb -i SPBK _a_s«. &6 —
NatVln6slst — 100 >PBrßCal6i. bOViICO
NevCNgß7a. — 106%;_V Water 6t. 118 ' 118 V.
N BrCal 103 % 105 .- V.V ___*___, 101 —
•- -tty •-_. -i — — ■ *.;.cno;iiii jlOO"' .
** ATlct STOCK*.
Contra Costa 86% 38 |-_>r__ Valley 97% 98%
MurinCo... 60 S2%| __. -
*.*.> axo k1... i ti-xi
Capital. — 80 . Paclflo __*_*. 49 61
Central. _WV_i — . FOifcElec. t3"7g P4
M Eioc Llgn. 9 9*.4 ~anf rancaca -•*•• its.
Oak Ld.il — 54i4.t0i.kt0u,.... la —
lac tv Imp — Vz |
amnuius STOCKI.
Flreman'sFdlß3% — I
COM- .*..!». RAV_ --lICS-
Anrlo-ral... 60 — I First Nailonl is 1 —
Bank of Ca1.. 238 240 -.ondonPifeA.l27L_l3l
CalbD.tTco.ios 107 |MerchEx.. .. 12 —
► »■.:- HANK Flcl'ii
cf* er"- <fef.ro. 1340 1375 Say it Loan.. _ LOS
HnmbS&L.llOJ — Security 350 SOO
Mutual 38 40 Union Tr___..37B 1010
bit.v Union 4 49 — |
BTBKi-T RAII.ROAO cSTOT-KS.
California.... 10. — iOakSL.tHay _ ioi
Grary-5t..... 38 — ITesldio. .... 4 5%
U___e.-_.t.... 43% 44141
.-•' .. - ccttock I.
Ailanttnn.., 11 17 iGlantCoa..,. 20 SO
California.... 80 110 Vigor... 60c 60.
EmiteruU.... 80 82 Vi'.
Ml_cki.„a vkots -*-■-.-*«.
Alaska Hers. — 103 INat Co.. — 7
Uer Lead Co. 100 140 . xeanlcSSCo 20 54
BawC-tsca. l]ig UVtlrac Aux i' A. 2 3
Hutch -.Poo t0 ,4 21 H'acßoraxCa t-9* —
_Iml.xamj.. 90 — j Pur. Paint Co tf _
bILICS-HOB.NI.NU bKaaltiS.
Hoard — . . ... .- .
350 Hawaiian Commercial 11 00
105 do do 11 12%
65 S 1 Gas it Electric Co 94 00
4 do no ,-,,„ 94 "5
300 Hutchinson 8 Ca mm _o 50
34 sfarket-st Railway 44 00
I* i'actCc Coast Borax 99 00
10 s 1 o&sllvhi •... _ 2 60
«2000SF«fcN P Railway Bonds. 102 25
(CALI3-A>-KB.NOO.N MISSION.
Board—
50 Hawaiian Commercial 11 25
800 Hutchinson s P Co 20 60
$1000 V 6* Bonds 118 25
300 Vigorlt Powder ' 65
street—
lIOOOS V 4*. Bonds 101 25
_
VEEY COMMON THINGS.
Pincers are made by a machine which
in one operation cuts out the handle and
jaw. The two parts are afterward joined
by hand.
Bayonets are now altogether machine
mane, a very simple, as well as clever,
contrivance, stamping the steel into proper
shape.
Dice are made from ivory or bone, a
cutting machine reducing the cubes to
near the size required, after which they
are polibhed, generally by hand.
Nails are now made by machinery, rib
bons, or long slips of iron or stee! Deing
fed to machines, which cut out the nails
complete at one stroke.
Brooms are made by both hand and ma
chine labor. The broom-making machine
is pronounced by expert* to be one of the
marvels of the mechanic's art-
Umbrellas are now almost exclusively
machine made, the various parts — ribs,
stock*, handles and tips — being separately
manufactured and put together hv hand.
■*-»«~____s H . KA*uLt(is, .
Dates of Departure From !*nn FranrUen.
"K'HUR | IIKHTIVATIIIX. |
S4I--4
I I'UR.
Santa Rosa. I ban Diego... .1
Pomona.... I Hum bold tiYaV j
Czarina Coo<i hay
Del None.. I Grays Harbor.
City Peklna China* Japan
City I'uebia Vie * sua ;
ABlancbard Oregon (torts.. .
Areata Coos star .. . ]
Clillkat rial River
looillur, .. .\r\rpur.
Columbia. ..: Portland..;... I
Corona -sn D!-co"
Sunol lOrars Harbor.
Homer Coos Bay I
Humboldt.. j Humboldt Bay
Eureka. ... Newport I
State of Cal j Portland i
Walla Walla Vie A Pr: -*no >
| Apr 30.11 am
I pr 30. ir_
Apr 30. 12m
Apr 20.11 am
May 1, Ira
M^y 1, Ham
. M.iy 1. 6pm
May 2.10 am
May 2. 9am
I May 2. lam
May 3.10 am
May 4,11 am
May 4 12 M
! May, 6. Pa m
May 6,' 2pm
I May 6. Van
May B.loam
May 6. Pam
| Pier 11
Pier 9
I Pier 8
\ Pier 28
PM SS
; Pier i
! Pier is
I Pier 1 1
; Pier 1.1
I PMC It
Pier 24
'< Pier 11
Pier i
Pier 13 -
i Pier «
Pier 1 1
' Pier 24
; Pier 9
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
-TKAMKR |
HUH
I>VK
cui x>j»a...... .. I
I Ooh hay
fennoi. " !
Trucicee
I'roereso
ArcKt*.. ..
("h!:k»t I
Minmia ..
Wai l.t WalVa.' .'.■
Corona.
l'omotia._ ..
Hnmboldt......
Crescent Cltr. ..
Korelca..
Karalioa.. ..
State of Cal...''
North tore...
Kama Kosa. . ...
Alame.le..
I fun aina..
| Nen-uort
Grays Harbor
I Tlilamoolc Bay
, Seattle
toot >:av
Kel Hiver
Ticoma
Victoria iV r-.i -kii.i ,
»an Uleeo ...; . '■;;
Humt.oldt Bay....;
Ilinii-io f Bay. ...;....•.
L'reicent City ....;
Newport. .........:......;
Vaqulna Uar _
I'orUana.
ilnmboiai Bay
"San Dieco -
Sydney...... ............
..Apr Ho
..Aur 30
• Apr 30
Apr :-.(>
..Apr 30
...May ]
..May 1
..May .»!
May . 2
. May a
. Muv 3
..May a
. Ma.- :<
..May 4
..May 4
..May 5
...May &
..May K
..May 6
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April. 1897.
W.
1-1
Sa.
Mod's
*<*. : New Moi
«*> April 1.
6
•
■ o) 2p
iwy Ap
11
12
13
16
17
I/Tji Full Moon.
(3/ April lb.
20
21 22
28 29
23
I 30 l
SUN. MOON' AND TIDE.
,T * n FTAT_ * '"oast axd fjjcopnTto StntT-tT*
T'M__ AND HEIGHTS OF HISH A>"D LOW
w atkrs .at Fort Poixt. Kxtbancm to
-ax I-kaxcisco Ray. I'iirushi- nr Or«
--llAL AUTHORITY OF THE _UI'KKIXTKXD_XT.
Kotk— The high and ■ low waters occur at Use
City Front (Mlsstor.-stroet Wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point: vue neigh,
of tide is th* same a: both places.
April— lß9:.
Fri !<-.-. April 30.
""nn rise, --. 141. rises 4 08AM
•Sunsets 7*00! Moon sets..*.*.'.'"
> Feet !___ Feet _____ Feet _____ Feet
- '■ W H .4 1. ,W H \f
o.*! 1 fV?I °- & 10 -' ,:i i *•"! 3.41 2.1, 9.58 6.6
B Vi tiki °- n - 80 S- 8 ! 4 <™ 2.6 10.20 6.0
1 5.091-0.2 12.16, 36 4.32 10.40 6.0
i\ Sfl MM 102 iB 4 58 2.8 11.00 6.0
? J"-* 4 , ISO »-6i 5 --» 2.8 11.31 4.9
• 6.50,-0.4 241 3.6 8.001 2.8
H W| I. w H \v| _ W
6 0.04; 4.8 7.28 -0.3 3.45 3.5 648 2.8
Not*- In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day ln the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, ana the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bat three tides, as sometimes
fccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given la suDtractlvs
from the depth ,'yen by ■ tie charts.
. _■«____._-■ XO .11.U.1.M.1-.V j
A branch or tha United States Hydrographlo
OflSce located In the Merchants' Exchange Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on haul or com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocjan
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120Ui meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day irom the
United states Naval Observatory a. Mare Island
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time bail was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any. is
poblisheJ the same day oy the afternoon paper*,
aad by me morning papers the following am*.
W. s. HuaHca.
Lieutenant. V. S. N., in cnarga
The Time Ball.
BRANCH HTDROORAPntC OFFICR, __ S. N. *|
Merchants' Exchange V-
Sax Francisco. April 29. 1897- )
Tbe time ball on Te.egrapn Hi., was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. e„ at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
W. & Hughes.
' Lieutenant U. -_ N„ lv charge.
SHIPPING* INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
,",'-."■_ THURSDAY. April 20
Nor stmr Florida, Hansen. days from Depar
ture Bay ; 541 1 tons coal, to R Duusmuir sous Co.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 43 honrs from Coos Bay;
mdse. to I D Spreckels A Bros Co.
. *-tmr Pomona. Doran, 16 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Goodall. Perkins <_ Co.
stmr Point Arena. Johnson. 16 hours from
Mendocino, ets; pass anl mdse, to Mendocino
Lumber Co
Stmr Columbia, Conway, 46* 4 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 37-**4 hours; nassand mdse, toO
It *._ N Co.
Stmr Weeott, Miller, 15 hours from fort Bragg;
2JO M ft lumber, to Unio i Lumber Co.
Stmr Gipsy, l.elan I. 17 hours from Mo.j I.and
inc. etc: produce, to Uoodall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hughe-, 105 hours trom
Astoria, etc; pass ana mdse, to North Pacific
Steamship Co.
stmr Alcazar, Gnnderson, 49 hours from
i'or. Los Aniteles: ballast, to L E White Lumber
Co.
Stmr Doric. Smith, 28 days — hours from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 15 days 12 hours and —
mm. via Honolulu ti days 16 hours — mlv; pass
an j mdse, to O ife OS S Co.
Stmr San Bias, McLean. 20 days from Panama
and way ports; pass aud mdse, to Pacific Mail
Steamship Co.
:-bip Yes; mite. Fn'lerton. 7 days from Tacoma;
1820 tons < oa., to R D Chandler.
Br ship Falls of Foyer, Title, 62 days from Sew
castle. .NSW; 2930 tout coal, to J D --spreckels ife
Broi Co.
Hsrk Carroll ton, Jones, 5 tiavs from Naualmo;
237. tons coal, to John Roseufeld'sSons.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, 2 days from Eureka:
lumber, to J R Hanlfy.
Cleared.
THURSDAY. April 29.
stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins <fe Co.
stmr Humboldt, Bonlfleld. Eureka: Humbold.
5 S Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Guaymas; Goodall,
Perkins A Co.
Br stmr Monowal, Carey, Honolulu and Sydney;
J D Spreckels ,t Bros Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Naualmo; R Duns
mulrtfeCo.
Br ship Dalrymple. Davies. Iqulqne; W B Grace
6 Co. * . .
-ailed.
THURSDAY. April 39.
Br stmr Monowal, Carey. Honolulu and Sydney.
Stmr Orizaba. Yon Helms. Guaymas.
stmr Alcatraz. Carlson.
Stmr National City. Andresen.
t-tmr Humboldt. Bonltield. Eureka.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld. Tacoma.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson. for. Bragg.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanalmo.
Stmr Boutin. N cbolsoti. southern porta
stmr Point Arena, Johnson, Mendocino.
Stmr Westport, Jacobs.
Br ship D .l.ymple, Davies, Iquique.
Bark Levi G hurg-ss. Vunw.ren. Tacoma.
Schr Alary c. Campoell, Bodega.
Schr Edward Parke, Johnson, Astoria.
bch- Liurn I* ke. Johnson, Eureka.
Schr Ooru Rltihm, Larsen, New Whatcom.
Schr S Dauielson, Voxel, Nehalem River.
'Telegraph ic. '•^I | ;jta
POINT LOR ii April 29.-10 p. Weather
hazy; wind W: veloci.v 8 iuiu*.
Domestic Port*.
SAN DlEGO— sallel Apr 29-Nor stmr Peter
Jebsen, for Nanaimo.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Apr 29— Schr
Monterey, hence Apr 27.
VENTURA— Arrived Apr 29— Stmr Navarro.fm
San Pedro. • i
ASTORIA— SaiIed Apr 29-Scbr Ruby A Cous
ins, lor -an Francisco.
MENDOCINO— Apr 29— Schr Bobolink,
hence Apr 24.
EUREKA- Arrived Apr 29— Stmr North Fork,
hence Apr 27.
GREENWOOD-Balled Apr 29-Stmr Whltes
boio. for san Fransclco. . • ---• *
COOS BAY — Sailed Apr 29— Stmr Areata, for
San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Apr 29 — stmr G Lcoinl.
hence Apr 28. and sailed lor Snu Francisco. ,
TACOMA— sailed Apr 29— Bark Gatherer, for
San I- ranrlsco.
REDONDO-P ailed Apr 29 - Btmr Newsbiy.
SAN PEDRO— sailed Apr 29— aim*- Navarro.for
Hueneme: schr Chas E Kalk. from Port Uamole.
CASPAR— Arrive J Apr 29— Schr Maxim, hnce
Apr 24.
COOS BAY— .rrtv-l Apr 29— Stmr Farallon,
hence Apr -.7, and sailed lor Yaqtilna Ray.
SEAT ILK— Arrived Apr 29— J..0 >tmr Matsu
yama Mam, from Yokohama; stmr Lakme, hnce
Apr 22. -.->■ y *-.!
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Apr 29-Schr Serena
Tbayer, for. -uu Pedro.
NEWPORT— Arrived Apr _.9-9tmr P.otectlon.
from Redondo.
KUREKA-Salled Anr _9-3chr J v Wall, for
Sau Francisco. ...- .:-.*- ,
VENTURA- Apr 29-Stmr Navarro.
Knatern Ports.'
BALTIMORE- Apr l_7-S_!p John A
BrißKs, irom Plymouth.
NEW YORK-Sailed Apr 28-Bhlp A" G Ropes,
for san Francisco.
■ Foreisn Ports.
KOBE— Sailed Apr 10— Ship Susquehanna, for
Honolulu
UONOKONO-Salled Apr2B-Brstmr Empress
of India, for Vancouver.
LONDON — billed Apr 28-Br bark Himalaya,
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. NSW- Sailed Apr 27-Br ship
Dunsvre, for Acapulco
■-Wax ..A- Apr 27-Fr bark Canrobert,
for Bun I* riii Cisco. .
OALLY HEAD— Passed Apr 27— Br bark Ladas,
hence D.-c 12, ior Queensiown.
HILO-Arrivol Apr 4— Ship Indiana, from Yo
kohama. .--...._
• Arrived prior to Apr 15— Ship Henry Villard.fm
Astoria.
Sailed Apr 7— Br ship Genista, for New York.
To sail Apr 12— Haw bark Roderick Dhu. for
San _ rancisco.
j FREMANTLK -Arrived Apr2B-Nic bark Bun
| dalcer. fiom Chemalhus
•,.* 10: LU- Arrived Apr 7-Shlp Iroquois,
hence Mar .6; Brsimr t one . hence Apr 1. Apr
* mr 'Alice Cooke, from Port lown.end: bk.n
w H Dimond. hence Mar 24. Apr 10— S;
Mariposa, hence Apr .3. Apr 1.-Bktn Mary
*>\ inkei man. from Newcastle. Au*. , Apr 13-U
stmr Pe.rei, hence Mar .'l. via Hllo Apr 15 sciir
Oiga. from Newcastle. NSW. Apr • «— Bkti News
boy, from Newcastle. NSW; schr Wm Buwden.fm
Newcastle, NSW; Nor bark Fottuua, from New
castle. NSW; H B M stmr Wild swan, fm Wain**
Kauai: U S stmr Philadelphia, from San Diego.
April 17— Brstnir Warrlmoo. irom Victoria: stmr
City of Rio de Janeiro, Hence Apr 10. Apr 18—
Bark Albert, hence Mar SO : Apr 19— Ship K. ml
worth, hence Apr 3. Apr 20— Bark CD Biyant,
hence Apr 2; r nktn Archer, hence Apr 2: b.irk
Alden Besse, hence Apr 3. Apr 22—.' 1 i ur Doric
from Yokohama -
balled Apr 8— Bktn Skagit, for Port Townsend;
b'ktn Morn liv Star, for San Francisco: Br smr
Coptic, for Yokohama. 1 Apr Ger bark Callao,
fir New Vor~. Apr 10— Bar* Highland Light, for
Port Townsend; stin r Mariposa, for Sydney. Apr
Ship WF Uabcc-. lor New York. Apr 13—
—Ship Luzon, -for New Y>>r< : oar-; Mohican, for
--an tmiicisro. Apr 14— Bktn W H Dlmond, for
»" Francisco. Apr 15— Haw bark Diamond
Head, for Port Townsend: schr olga, fo.- Kahti ni.
Apr 17— Br st cir Warrlmoo. for Sydney: strur
City of Klo de Janeiro, for Yokohama. Apr 18—
--mrKinal Maru. for Yokoiama. Apr I_»— Ship
Geo Curtis, for New Vortc : bark Matilda, for Port
Townsend: bktn Mary Wlnke man, for Kabu'.ul,
thence 10 san Francisco with a cargo of sugar.
Importa on..
...PORTLAND AND ASTORIA-Per Colnmb a
_:l_ *"* s potatoes. 5307 sks wheat, 5284 sks flour,
600 gunnies flour. 157 sks wool, 1420 sks flaxseed.
1 «ar box snooks. 1.54 bdls shooks, h_M pkits
paper, J. 77 pkgs wines and groceries, 259 pk s
lurniture, 170 ski oysters.
COOs BAY— Per Czari .a— looo tons coal, 801
Sks potatoes. 3 cs cheese, 22 tubs butter. 1 sk cot.i,
le pkitsmdse-
POINT ARENA- Per Point Arena-3 cs eggs. »
dressed calves. 58 bxs butter. 35 dressed hogs, t_CO
posts. 1. pkgs lead pipe. 2 bdls hues, 1 pke mdse.
Mendocino— nkgs mdse.
•■ -I'ItKKA- Pet Pomona- 1.42.500 shinties. 5
bxs pates. 15 tubs bxs butter, 3 pkgs mdse. 4
horses, 148 586 ft lumber, 44 cs 14 buckets 1 bbl
paint, _ pkgs express, 2 sks coin.
E X at.d E R K— 3B pices mdse. 191 bxs butter,
46 c_ condense: milk. 72 dressed calves, 2 bxs
meat. 325 so oat _ 2 cs apples.
Si OSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— 2 bxs butter, 34
sks potatoes, 2 pkgs mdse, 2 cs eggs.
Monterey— 3 cs cheese, 34 pkgs indie.
Santa Cruz— B bxs butter, 44 cs cheese, 600 bbls
lime, 1 ii pkgs mdse. 4 rolls leather.
HONGKONG— Per Doric— quicksilver Asks,
1895 pkgs matting, L 8 pkgs silk goods, 5 par- el*
2146 pkg-i firecrackers, 151 pkga curios, 5 pkgs
raw sick. aSal pkgs rice. 313 pkgs mdse.
. Overland— l37B pkgs matting, 107 pkgs silk
goods. 12 parcels 3162 pkga firecrackers. 1427
pkgs raw silk, -. 53 pkgs mdse, 17 pkgs curios.
Central and South America— 2s pi_gs silk goods.
73 pkgs mdse.
PORTLAND- Per Alice Blanchard-1096 Mis
shooks. 50 M ft lumber. .
Astoria— Mit lumber, 5459 bdls shooks.
Empire Cuy— 6ls sks potatoes.
( _■_■- _» ,.
Per Alice Blanchard— Erlanger <_ Gallnger; JE
Ludwlg; W A Dwight: Cla sop Mill Co; Hackney,
Chase <fc Co; McDonongh <fc Runyon ; D H Bibb
Lumber Co; Thomas Lougbrau.
Per Doric— Mendelso-i Bros; M J Brandensteln
•fit Co: s Ma-- ers; G T Mars.h; A C Robinson; A J
Marcus <fc Co: order: Chinese and Japanese mer
chants.
Per Pomona— A Fay; Amer Press Assn: McKay
& Co: Brigham, Hoppe* Co; Dairymen's Union;
Dodge, Sweeney & Co. Gr.iv & Mtti-nel ;(' M Brice;
Higgins <fc Collins: Hills Bros: W P Fuller* Co; J
Schweitzer & Co; CE Whitney _t Co; Haas Bros;
Goo all. Perkins <J_ Co; Amer Carb Acid Gas Co; V
B Haight; J H Newbaner <fc Co; Getz Bros & Co;
Norton. Teller <& Co: Wells. Farco A Co: Rusi,
Early 4 Co; Wltzel A. Baker; - Western Meat CO:
Standard Oil Co; O B Smith* Co: Wolf <t Son: a
de Lucca <fcCo; Hammond & Brod; --colt & Van
Arsdale; J H Newbauer it Ca
Per Gipsy— Norton, Teller A Co: Herman Joost;
Thomas Lougbran; Standard Oil Oa ; Hills Bros; A
W Fink: W F Mitchell; Dairymen's Union; Kron
Tanning Co; Arctic oil Works: Garcia A Magglni:
Spruce. Stanley* Co; L G Srtsovich & Co; Thos
Bail: 11 Cowell & Co.
Per i zarina— J D Spreckels it Bros Co; Ba City .
Soda Water Co: McDonough _ Kunyo.; Wolf A \
Son: Enterprise Brewery ; Marshall, Teggart >fc Co;
Thomas Loughran:Wieland Brewing Co; .i Frank
lin <fc Bios; Tlllmann <fc Bendei; Wells, Fargo <& Co:
li Kirchmann & Co. .
I'er Point Arena— Boss & Hewlett; Dennlson <fe
Wilson: Dairymen's Union: Martin. Feusier-t Co:
Rohlffs & Gerdau ; De Bernardi <fe Co; FB Haight:
Standard Oil Co ; J Finn; Koi.rts k I'uft: H ai
de, ; J Buttouoach ; Bender Bros; Henry Hi p; X
T Allen.
PerColum la— H Dutard: Thomas Longhran: D
M Boliman Jt Co: Erlanger ifc Gallnger: Kittle &
Co: E R Stevens _fc Co; Wall & Son; M P Detels: J
H Cain A co: Chas Jacob-ion <£ Co: Dalton iiro<:
D E Allison A Co: Moore, Ferguson A Co : A Gain
Fruit Co: Allen & Lewis: Otis. McAllister & Co:
Baifour, Guthrie &. Co; MX A Wagner; sho-rn
bache, Furniture Co: Sherwood & Sherwood ; Dar
tre it Imme: Clatsop Mill Co; Morgan Oyster Co;
Willamette Pulp «__ Paper Co; J U Newbauer & Co;
Standard Gil Cc .
OCEAJ? TRAVEL.
PAOnC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY Smmm.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: __££*__?
For ports In Alaska, May 1, 6, 11, 16, 21, 26
31 and every fifth day thereaiter, at 9 a. m.
For Victoria and Vancouver (R C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tat-oma, Everett, Anacortes and
New at com (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
May 1, 6,11, 16, 21, 26 and 31 every tilth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
X., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R, at Seattle with li.
N. ity., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), Str. Pomona 2 p. M.. May 4, 8, 12, 16,
2 .". 24, 28 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayncoi,
Fort Harford (San l.uls Obispo), Gaviota, "Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 v. it
May 2. 6. 10. 14, 18. 22. 26, 30 and every toured
day thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Hanorl
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port - Loe An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11'
a.m. -May 4,8, 1., 16, 20, 24, 23 and every fourth
day thereafter. *..■.-. -..-.'. ! -
For Ensetiada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m., June 2, and 2.1 of each mouth thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours of sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., GenT Agents,
' 10 Market at., San Francisco.
THE O. R. __ N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
, rx_._________\r ID
From. Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA T?Tc/* 13 »rat-cla-is > Including
■*■ -TV-IA-cL-i .Sit. Second-class /berth A me» i
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia April 23, May 3, 13, 23 ■
State of California April 28, May 8. 18.28
Through tickets and through baggage to a..
Eastern points. Rales and lolders upon applica-
tion to -_-*i
F.F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
OOODALL PERKINS ACQ- .-.uperinlend*- -
P ■**■***■ »■■■#. "ll'eSS. MON'OWAt
■wfafciaHlC sni1 -* via HONOLULU
>Ol £■*■■■■'• and AUCKLAND for
'■ CB wa s V D N L Y. Thursday.
I ta^cccC*! • >, A * jril 29. -p. hi.
*B CtMm*.hir. J ** -**• ST A L I A for
_m HCdlll_)il!|_' C *' HONOLULU only,
_^SIHR?IPU-» Tuesday, May 18. at
VyiipUl«_p 2 p. m. Special party
rates.
Line to ARDIE, AUSU, and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. U SPRECKELS* BROS. CO, Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street, san Francisco.
COSPAGi. IE TRUSATUITIQ-I
French Line to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIKR(NEW),42 NORTH jfamsm
River, foot of Morton ci. Travelers by ■fii^mW
this line avoid both transit by English railway anl
the discomfort of crossing the channel ln a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parti,
first class $160. second class 9116.
LA. TOURAINE May 8, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE May 15, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE ....May 22. 10 a. M.
LA GASCOGNK May 29, 10a.m.
LA TOURAINE ...J n. 5. 10a.m.
Mm~ For further particulara apply to >
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. S. Bowling Green, New York.
J. p. FUGAZI * CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
x stoc™ STEAMED
Leave Pier No. 3, Washing-ton st,
At ti _*• 31. Daily. Freight received tin
to ..::*■> I*. M.
A3" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
The only line selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to all poiu.s on Valley
Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, -J. D. Petera,
Mary Garni tt. City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 80S. Cai. Nay. and lmpk Cc
FOR U. S. l AYMARD ASD VALLEJO.
STEAMER "MOXTICELLO."
Hon., Tues., Wed.. Thins, and Sat...
..9:45 a. M. and 3 -.15 p. m. (ft p. m. ex.* Thiir...)
Fridays 1 p. M 9P. M
fcundays 10:3U a. m. and 8 P. a.
. Landing and offices. Mission Dock. Pier
■ Telepnone Green 381.
FOR SAX JOSE. LOS GAIOS&SAmCRIZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVE.-. PIER 1 DAILY
.Sundays excepted) a. 10 am. Alviso Oailv
(Saturday excepted) at 7 p. m. Freight and
Passenger. ■ Fare between San Francisco and
Alviso, 50c; to Sau Jose, 75a Clay at-. Fieri.
•M W. banta Clara st., ,sui Joea
RAILROAD TRAVEL;
Santa Pc
Limited, JlliPr
On MONDAYS and «__fe||r iC-.iV'^a,
THURSDAY,, the lint- Kp&£g2 "_^3Srt
Class Pullman slei plng-car GUK>«S<^hSS^SSSi
leaving at 5 p. M. connects K__»^iß2Sy-fBEeSM
at Hunton with the _nnia «3_«P-<^\kc^9iSK'
le limited train carrying WMMl.^.*fcg>y|tey
dinlaK-car, buffet smokinc- _s<^K?p_*F"?'^igK_»
Car and Pullman palace , *n\j T _fl
drawlntr-room .l--ep!n_:-o»is l^^S«Bi__i :^-F_P__l
for both Chicjgo and St. *" ■_•'_* "_*e_»
Louis via Kansas lily. • ■ ■' •
3,^ Days to Chicago or St. Louis.
4% Days to New York.
. SANTA FE EXPRESS
Leaves dally at Dp. M. Pullman palace drawing-
room, also "medern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, thr* uth to Chicago via Kansas City. . Annex
car* for Denver and St. Louis. .
Boston excursions via Kansas City. Chicago,
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday: St. Paul excursions every Sunday.
Ticket Office, 644 Maiket e»re«t, * tiron-
tele building. lelcphoue Main 1631...
RAIXRO AT. ■ TRAVrt..
SOGTHKB-i l*A*:il*"lc -O.riJ'AN'..-^"
(pacific STUTJCM. I
Trains leave ami •»•«■ due lo arrive nt
NAN I'lt.l.MtlS. ...
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) iv
leave _— From AritiL IS. 1_,7. - Ai:r,tv_i
1_*0:OOa Niles, San Jose and W:. Stitiong... 8--J J
7:«»Oa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kaat.. 8:1
7:OOA Benici i. Vacaville, I-umscy. Sacra-
mento, Oroville and Redding via
Davis .'... C:l3p
7:30 a Martinez, Ban Ramon, Vallcj... Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 0:13p
HM| Niles. Sau Jose, Stockton, (one,
Sacramento, Marj'sville, Chiso,
Tehimaand Red Blurt 4:1..p
*»: a Peters and Milton *7:15p
0:OOa New Orleans I .M-rc "d, I i... c,
Bakerslield. Santa Itailiara, l.os
Aicvgulea, Doming, El Paso, New
Orleans and East -IrL.p
0:OOa Martinez and Stockton I :-_.-,-.
O.OOa VaUejo..... *. '.. C.-lSp
Niles, Sau Jose, Livernioro and
Stockton 7:l.*»p
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers •U:OOp
1 :OOp Niles, San Jo-oand Livcrr.i re ..:!..
tlt-tOp Port Costa and Way Station t |7:4.>p
4:00p Martinez, Ran Ramon. V.il!.j,c,
Napa, Calislogn, El Verauo and
Santa Rosa 0:13 a
4:OOi- Benicia, Vacnville. Woodland.
Knights Landing, Marysvillc, Dro-
villo and Saciamento 11:13 a
4:30p Lathrop. Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced, Raymond (for Yosemitt-), and " : .-. ,
Fresno, going via Niles, returning
• via Martinez 11:43 A
5-OOi-Los Angeles Express, Tracy.
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsburg),
*" Santa Barbara and Los Angeles. 7:43 a
StOOp Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavo aud East . 7:43\
6:OOi> European Mail, Ogden and East.... 0:43.v
StOOp llaywards, Niles and San Jose J_*4
.7:OOp Vallejo .7:43_»
7:OOp Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, Puget
Sound and East 11:13*
SAN LEAN AMD HAI . VAKILS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) -
~.*6:00a *| ( 7:13 a
8.-OOA Melrose, Seminary Park, '.'?•"!•. A
0:OOa .... .: ... i • . ' 10:43 a
io.ooa Utrhbur?, Klmhurst, 11___U
411:00 a San Leandro, South San 12: '_. p
1I2:OOh , , _ J, . .... .1:45p
2:oop Leandro, Estudillo, J2:1..i-
-_:t:oop I- Lorenzo, Cherry *. 4:J3p
4:OOp , (5:43r
»:OOp and 6:13p
5:30p Haywards. J*****'
7:OOp * *:l-.p
S_SS_! » Runs through to Niles. ,--'^«
0:OOp , rom Niles IO:30p
ftll:l--f.; fromjl|,es - UH2:OOp "
SANTA CKIIZ DIVISION (Narrow Ha***)).
■ (Foot of Market Street.) _^
}7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations . B:o3_p
8:43 a New irk.l vill. -.Suu. lose, Felton,
" . " • Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5.30F*
•2:13p Newark, Centcrville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations .' *I1:20a
1: 1.-i* Newark. im Jose ami l.os Gains... »:3Qa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FR4SCISCO— Foot of Mtrk-t Street (Slip 8)—
»7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 J3:C»
•1:30 .5..0 *6:00r.M.
from OAKLAND--- Foot of Broadway.— -6:00 8:00 10:O0...M.
112:00 »1:00 .2:00 *3:00 {4:00 "S:OOr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Third A Touuseiiil Mis.)
7:OOa Sau .lc.su ami Way Stations (New
Almaileu Wednesdays only) l:30p
OiOOa Han .lone, Tree Finos, .Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Clove, Paso Rubles, Sun
Luis * )liii<|H>. Guadalupe, Surf and
Piiiciipal Way SUtions 4:l._e
IO:40a BanJoM and Way HtiillDiis 6:_Jop
Il:3Ua Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:OOp
_t:3oi> San Mateo, Menlo Park, San .lose,
Gilroy, Ties Linos, Santa Cruz,
S.ditias.Mimteicy atnl PacilicGrovo *IO:*IOa
.t-.:io r Sail Jose aud Way Stal.ioua _»:4."_a
_lMr San Jose ami Way Stations *_:o_.\
Alitor Sau .loso ami Principal Way Stations "_:43a
BtaMr San Joee ami Way Statious Oiti.Vv
tll:15p San Jose and Way Stations f?:4sp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•SumlavH excepted. * Sundays only, I Saturdays only
l> •■<>--.---- -n.,,^,1.,,. _...) s„*„ r ,i_„ --„jl f- , on j .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
SPECIAL .NOTICE.
*C*BC.A._I>-r-__-p___l I_KT _Pl_t\T*E3
BKTWEKN
SAX FRWCISCO m P_RTLAXD,
UOMMtMING MAY Ist.
/Oregon Exoresit. daily
I at ... .8:00 P. 31.
r. .. \ (Arrives Portland 9: 3o
FROH Jam. second day.)
_ _.''_. ___1 ___.'._- \__"urs on train (every
SAN FKANCISCO i fifth day) at 7f»o __>.»!.
I Commencing M v 3.
I (Arrives Port! end *5 -.00
*. - .■- - ' ; a. m. sec -nd day.)
- ; ; *. : cr-t; .--. ,- ,- •■ .'.'/ California - Kxpr.-...
. . \ dail .at 6:00 I*. ">«.
'-'"' \ (Arrives San Francisco
PKO3I 1 7:45 a.m. seconddav.)
'1: „ (Exrur-lo'iiru lifevcrv'
PORTLAND. i fifth day cat 1 .:l» » P.M.
/ Commencing May 2.
I (Airi .es San Francis o
\ '. :15 a. M. second day.)
T. H. GOODMAN", H. R. J DA I ■",
Genl. Passenger AgL Asst. Genl. Pas .gr. Agt.
SiYFRAi\CISCO&KORTH?A-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tii, vi on Perry— Foot of .Market St,
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. k.- 12-3 V
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 P. M. Thursdavs-Kxtra trta
at 11:30 p. v. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:S J
and 11:30 p. it.
SUNDAYS— .-.00, 9:30, 11:00 a. it.; 1:30, 3-.3JL
- 6 00, lirJO p. m.
San Rafael to «*>.n Francl-co.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:JO, 11:10 a. st-
-12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. Ac Saturdays— Extra trios
at 1:53 P. M. and 6:35 P. hi.
BUNDAYS-8-.il.', 9:40, 11:10 a. it; 1:40, 3:
5:00,6:25 p. M. .. .... -
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above.
~ *i * ve , i in effect i Arrive '
San ITttuclsco. | A p,j"2a, | San Franclsca
Wkkk I Sun- j **%]:,,.,, . Sin- I Wkkk"
Days. ' days, ' - JeBt "**--' ou ' mays. ! Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 9:30 am Petaiuma, | 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm, 5:00 pm! Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm 6:22 PM
r, „/. Fulton, [
7 .30 am Windsor. 10:25
Healdsburg, ■:■■:■
l.ytton,
l Geyservllle,
3:30 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:?5 6:22 p_t
Pieta, j
7:30 am Hopland A I 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ul_i__li. j 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
, 8:00 am G ueme vill c. 7:35 pm j
3:30 pm I I 6:22 pm
7.30 am 8 :00 am j Sonoma 10:40 Alt, B:4oam
and '_•-'- *_ .
6:10 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. * 6:10 PM 6:22 pk
7:30 am|Bioo am| sehaatonol 110:40 A M 10S ' As *
3:3opm|s:Uopm| * 3eDa3to P°*" c 6:10 PM . 6:22 PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i.akeport: at
Hopland for Dakeport and Bart ett Springs; at
I'kiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blua
Lakes, Laurel Del! Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhednn Heights, Hullville, Booneviile,
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocluo City, Fort Bragg;
Westport, Vsal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce!
rati
tin Sundays round-trlD tickets to all points be-
yond san Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building
A. W. POST I It, R. X. RYAN,
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. I'ass. Agent. _
IORTI PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
.Via Sausalito Ferry),
from ***•■" Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 189&
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley an 1 San Rafael— *7 :2s, •9:13.
11:110 a. M.: •1:45, 3:45, "5:15. •*, -.45, 6 P.M.
Extra trips for Sin Itafa*. on Mondays, Wedae*
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. . •:-
For Mill Valley and San Bafael— "_.Oo. *"10:0t
•11:30 a. I*-: *1::.0. 3:00, *4:."0. 6:15r. m.
', Trains marked • run to san Uuentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:25 a. m.
Weekdays, 8 d)U a. it. Sundays, 1:45 p. m. mature
days.
for Camden) a^.i way stations— 7:2s A. __ _«e_»
■ays; 1t45 p. M. Saturdays. ; :
tueUs fr .-i.cist'o m m joaquii
VALLEY KM.M GMTAII.
FROM APKIL 15, 1837, passenger trains wiu
run dally:
southbound. | station!. ' MorlhboutiX
7:20 a. m. Stockton 5:10 p. ■*.
9:19 A- M Merced .....3:14 p m.
11:10 a M Fresno... 1:10 p. m.
lor Intermediate stations see tine-table.
Connecting steamboats of the ON.* I. Co.
leave San Francisco ai d Stockton at 6 p. m- daily.
Connects at Merc -ii with -tages : rom Snellings,
CoulterviHe Vosemit* Micro si etc.
■lIIIST MIALPAIST
Trains connect with North- Ci.cti-i
Coast Railroad. , raotno
WEKK DAYS— i.-uve __, F. 9:15 a. m i-a\- «
Returning— Arrive S. K. 3:25 p m. 6-20 r m
SUKDAYS_UcavsS.I--.BA. m '11:30 a m i-s/.J
Returning— Arrive a. Fl:15 p. m 4:20 si. 7- At m
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or **
«.,.-",?*• "__. * so - 'S- 6 -'" 1 Market St., 8. F.
Hlil Valley and Mount Tamalpais Scenic Kail way.ELSIE RATHBONE'S
UNWELCOME JAIL
A Young Lady From Oak
land Is Confined by
Secretary Welch.
Her Friend*. Dec are Her Treat
ment to Be Unreasonable
and Unjust.
Miss Ralhbcne I* the Ward of Mrs.
Prescott, and the Sa- Fr • ncisco Of
ficial Hal NoJuisJiction
Oakland Office Bab Francisco Call.)
___ Broadway, April 29. f
Miss Elsie Kathbone considers she has
a very be grievance airainst Secretary
"Welch of the children's society. Without
cause, she says, Welch ordered her to be
taken to a girls' home in San Francisco
ana kepi there for several days in distinct
opposition to the will and wish of the
girl's legal guardian.
A few days aco the father of Elsie came
MISS ELSIE RATHBONE, Who Declares That Secretary We'ch
Kept Her a Prisoner Unjustly.
to Oakland. For various good reasons j
the young lady has been placed under the
guardianship of Mrs. Prescott and is now j
attending a well-known scholastic insti- [
tution iv this city. Her father wished to |
take her across the bay with him to visit j
some relatives. The giri had been partic- j
ularly instructed by her cuardian that I
under no circumstances should she cross i
the bay without express permission.
When herfather arrived Elsie says Mrs. i
Prescott was in San Francisco at Secretary
"Welch's office, and in order to obey her l
instructions the eirl and her father went
to Sim Francisco and called on Welch j
for the pose of meeting if possible
Elsie's euardian.
Mrs. Prescott was not there, and Welch
made some inquiry of the father, found
out the circumstances attending their
visit, at once forbade her to remain with
her parent, and in charge of an officer
sent her to a girls' home.
Elsie has always been well cared for and
carefully protected from pernicious in
fluences. At the home she met all classes
of girls, whose conduct and language
were a great surprise to her and caused
her to recoil from contact with them.
Her guardian telephoned to Secretary
Welch, but could do nothing, and was too
busy for several days to cross the bay.
When, however, she did go to the home,
she was refused permission to see the
cuild of which she is the legal custodian, i
and was told that without a written order j
from Weich she could not get Elsie. Be
ing of a determined disposition she called
on President Sonntag of the society, and
when she returned to Oakland Elsie was
with her and without a written order.
In telling her story Elsie was com
pletely broken-hearted over the fact that
she bad been imprisoned for five days
against her will, with no reason or jus
tice, and she concluded by stating that
she was very pleased that there was to be
a change of secretaries on the Ist of May. i
so that no other little girls are likely to
be treated in the same manner.
When asked about the case. Mrs. Pres
cott stated that it would be very mad
v sable for one branch of an organization
to criticize the head office. Although not
denying the facts thai were presented to
her, she declined to discues the matter
further.
DEPUTIES IN DANGER.
Changes Being Made in the
Eerke.ey Marshal's
Office.
Marshal Lloyd Be Left Without
Any D puties to Help
Him.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 29.— pro
posal of A. R. Fiann. the new Trustee of
Ward 4, to abolish one of the deputy mar
shalships has aroused a controversy over
the business of the Marshal's office, and it
is now proposed to do away with both
deputies.
Trustee Frann declares that the three
men in th Marshal's office ar. virtually
doing nothing most of the time, and that
their employment is a waste of public
money.
"I am informed that a goodly part of
the Marshal's time is taken up in collect
ing license money," said Trustee Frann.
"What reason is there for paying a man
$150 per month to do what the clerk or
Assessor could do as well as not? If a
license be not paid a notice by mail ought
to be n sufficient demand, to be followed
by a hne lor non-payment within proper
time.
"This would enable the Marshal to at
tend to the duties of his office instead of
going about collecting licenses."
It is now proposed that both Deputy
Marshals be discharged and a number of
•pecial watchmen be employed on lees.
I;. I!. Practice.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 29,-Tfairty of
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
the University Cadets have qualified
under National Guard regulations for
target practice, five in the second class
and twenty-fly in the third class. Ser
geants S. V. West and F. R. FKirchild,
Privates J. C. Christensen and J. E. Mc-
Guiie and Fi si Lieutenant S. W. Cart
wright are in the second class.
The others are D. B_iri. L. H. Miller,
P. A. Baville, G. A. Harker. W. A err,
O. D. Wedemeyer, J. E Rainey, W. P.
Jarvis, J. A. P<arc\ J. R. Jarvis, J. W.
Millar. J. B. Meicalf, C. C. Davis. L. L.
Roos, P. R. Thayer. J. L. Kennedy, B. P.
Miller, A. 11. C. Bendrik. J. A. Yotm_, C.
P. D lman, C. M. N- v. hall, H. B. Bu id,
H. L Waste, H. K. Palmer and F. R.
Watson are in the third class.
Interoolleei .to Tennis.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 29 —The sec
ond intercollegiate tennis contest between
Berkeley and Stanford for this season will
take place on Saturday morning at the
California court. Sun Francisco. Mem
and Magee will play lor California, while
Stanford will bo represented by Pitcher C.
Freeman or M.Gil vray.
* I. oi-iii Firemen,
BERKELEY, Cal-, April 29.— The Lorin
Fire Company has elected the following
new officers: President, L. G. Vail; vice
president, Fred Boiser; secretary, Joseph
Stevens; treasurer, A. vail; foreman, W.
Carey: assistant,' W. Prescott.
Civil Service.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 29.— Civil ser
vice examinations for the grades of clerk
and carrier in the postoffice will be held
in Berkeley on June 11.
• — • — • : —
An Old Suit Dismissed.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 29.— Judge Ells
worth dismissed a suit to-day that has
been pending in the courts for tifteen
years. The suit was brought in 1832 by
H. P. Irvine and has been carried on by the
executors since the death of the plaintiff*.
It involved the ownership of several
blocks of land in tho center of Oakland,
and was dismissed to-day on a technical
ity. It was shown that when the sum
monses were served tiiteen years ago no
returns were made, so the case fell
through.
Blair Estate Division.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 29— The ref
eree* in the suit of Florence Blair against
the Oakland Bank of Savings et al. made
a renort yesterday. They appraise all the
property, together with imi rovement-, at
$184,028. They give to Mabel Squires
tbree-lourths of the Blair ranch, valued
V $50,128. while Florence Blair has one
fourt . of the same, but the letter is also
awarded property in Pleasant Valley
valued at $12,532. To satisfy the interest
of Mabel Squires the latter is granted
twenty-five acres beyond Mountain View
Cemetery valued at $37,596. It is more
than probable that the report of the ref
erees will be accepted by the litigants
and the case decided out of court.
No Desire for Municipal Ownership.
OAKLAND, Cal.. April 29.— The City
Council does not look favorably on any
action tending toward an official discus
sion of the municipal ownership of water
plants. They voted down the resolution
authorizing the Mayor to appoint a com
mittee of fifty to inquire into the matter,
and now they have declined to allow the
use of the council chamber for public
meetings to consider the proposition.
The Divorce Courts.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 29.— The Var
gas divorce case __s concluded yesterday
and Judge Ellsworth awarded the wife a
divorce, as the allegations of her husband
were not sustained.
Judge Greene has taken under advise
ment the Weider divorce case.
FULFILLING HER DEAD MOTHER'S AMBITION.
OAKLAND, cal., April 29 —Miss Grace Dottea Fisher has fulfilled her mother's dying am
bition. Mrs. Kate Fisher, for many years a teacher in the Oakland public schools, brought up
her daughter with the purpose of having her make her mark if possible on the histrionic stage
Two years ago when Mrs. Fisher died >he received on her deathbed a dispatch for which she
had long looked, stating thai her daughter had made a start and had received an offer of an
engagement with Mod jeska. After her mother's death Miss Grace Fisher determined more
than ever to make a success in her chosen profession, and according to Eastern critics she has
now ln one of the Frohraan companies achieved marked succuss in several difficult roles.
Miss Fisher is an Oakland girl who completed her studies in the public schools and went
East to master dramatic art. When the local amateur Charity Company was at its zenith in
this city Miss Fisher occupied leading parts ana even then showed evidences of her ability.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1897.
CAMERON'S OFFER
QUICKLY GRASPED
A Nameless Proposal to
Save Money O.ficially
Recognized.
City Clerk Tompkins' Forma
Note Asking for Bondsmen
With "Public Spirit"
A Street- Opening Episode That Is
Ending Very Differently Frcm
the Way It Began.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, April 29. [
A few days ago there was some dissatis
faction over the widening of East Twenty
first street. In an unlucky moment an
anonymous correspondent sent a letter to
a local newspaper stating that it would be
a waste of public money to procure bonds
at the expense of the city for the com
missioners, as there were plenty of public
spirited citizens of East Oakland who
would be quite willing to giye necessary
bonds free of char-re.
Councilman Howe, who represents the
Seventh Ward, cncouraeed this letter from
the anonymous correspondent by intro
ducing into the Council a resolution ap
propriating $150 to enable the Commis
sioners to procure bonds. As soon as he
had read the correspondent's letter he im
mediately picked up the gauntlet and
published a statement that he would re
sind the resolution and take the anony
mous writer at his word.
This action of Councilman Ro e brought
out the fact that the unknown was H. M.
Cameron, a resilient of East Oakland, and
now he cannot with dignity recede from
his hasty offer, as it has been officially
recognized.
To-day City Clerk Tompkins addressed
the following communication to Mr.
Cameron:
Hugh M. Cameron Esq., 1,79 Mnth street, Oak
land, Cal.— My Dear fciß: At a meeting of the
Street Committee of the City Council, held
last eveaing, Mr. Rowe brought up the matter
of the resolution introduced by himself, ap
propriating $150 for the purpose of enabling
the three Commissioners ' appointed in the
opening and widening of East Twenty-first
sireet to secure the {,5000 bonds exacted by
the provisions of the street law. Inasmuch as
the gentlemen composing tr.e commission ex
pressed their willingness to serve in that ca
pacity wituout compensation, it could
not be expected they would go down
into their pockets and give their money
as well as their time, and it Deing
anticipated they would procure their bonus
irom a surely company it was thought
to be only just and fair that the city should
pay the cost of same. It has been reported
tha' you nave stated that this outlay was un
necessary, as the Commissioners would have
no difficulty in procuring bondsmen from
, among tae public-spirited citizens of East
'. Oakland, and tnat if called upon you would
j see that the required bondsmen were forth
| coming. I am directed by the Street Com
| mittee to say to you that If you will secure the
! necessary bondsmen Mr. Howe will have re
scinded the resolution making the appropria
i tion for that purpose. I will draw up the
. bunds and if the bondsmen will be good
j enough to call at this .ffice I will subscribe
: and swear them, thus saving the Commission
ers the expense incident to this feature of
; their duties.
The precedent for appropriations of this
i sort was created when the Commissioners
i were appointed for the opening of a street
j through Cemetery Creek Canyon. They were
allowed $75 each for the purpose of teimburs
j ing them for any expens. they might be put
j to in giving the necessary bonds, and no hue
I and cry was raised, as the property-owners mi
i terested concluded they were getting a com
j mission cheap enough at that figure.
The Street Committee fee. a that the criti
i cisms resulting from Mr. Rowe's attempt to
prevent the gent tmen who so kindly volun
teered to give their services as Commissioners
in the opening of East Twenty-first street a
personal expense are unjust and uncalled for.
Tne Commissioners in giving their time are
j saving the property-owners interested in
! this Improvement considerable money, and
Mr. Rowe in procuring such generous-minded
; citizens to act in that capacity without com-
I pensation is deserving of anything but cen
sure.
Trusting you may be able to arrange this
matter so that the much-debated resolution
may be rescinded at next Monday evening's
Council meeting I remain sincerely yours,
J. W. Thompson, City Clerk.
Oakland, Cal., April 2*, 1897.
ATTEMPTED BUEGLARY.
A Would-Be Thlet Frightened Away by
a Vc, . 1,, .in
ALAMEDA. Cal., April 29.— A burglar
attempted to enter the residence of John
Soltau at 2917 Lincoln avenue the other
evening, but was frightened away by Mrs.
Seltau. She was awakened by the noiseof
some one trying to open a window on the
lower floor and looking out she saw a man
at work there. She immediately called to
the man and demanded his name, saying
that if he did not give it sue would sum
mon the police by means of a whistle.
The burglar did not wait to hand up his
card, but dtsappeated in, the darkness
without having replied to Mrs. Seltau's
inquiry.
A GAMBLING CASE.
Probability i li:_! the Conviction of Joe
limerick Will .Not Be
Sustained.
ALAMEDA Cal., April Some time
ago Joseph Emerick was convicted in
Recorder St. Sure's court of keeping a
Rambling place and was fined $100, with
the alternative of fifty days' imprison
ment. He toot an appeal and the case
came before Judge Ogden of the Superior
Court. It is now intimated that the con
viction will be overruled on a technical
ity. According to an amendment to the
Civil Code passed at the instance of
Judge Ellsworth and others, in cities of
the fifth class, to which Alameda belongs,
when prosecutions for misdemeanor are
instituted it is not made necessary to in
troduce the charter and the ordinance
which has been violated as evidenc .
Judge Ogden intimates that this is special
legislation, and if so the case will fall to
the ground. A change in such prosecu
tions will have to be made in the future.
Kite Life-Saving Apparatus.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 29.— Dr. Riehl,
a well-known resident of this city, is the
inventor of a novelty in the shape of a
kite-flyine lile-saving apparatus, which is
certainly very ingenious, to say the least,
and which he claims works all right. He
has been endeavoring to persuade the Na
tional Life-Saving Service to take up the
matter and give his scheme a trial, but
MRS. C T. MILLS, Who Has Been President of Mills College
Till Grandchildren Have Eeen Born to Her First Graduates.
j has not succeeded in impressing the au
thorities with its feasibility. He made
due application, but has just received a
letter from Washington that the plans
ana sketches have been examined, but
never having seen a practical' test they do
not feel authorized to move in the matter.
Charged With Insanity. SSSBf
ALAMEDA. Cal., April 29. — J. L.
Schroeder of Oak street and Buena Vista
avenue was anested to-day on complaint
of his son on a charge of insanity. He
has violent spells, when he tears his
clothes and imagines that he is the owner
of any house that strikes his fancy, claim
ing to have the right to enter and take
possession at any time.
♦ — • — •
Mit Tunnel the Mills. !
OAKLAND, Cal., April 29.— At a special
meeting of the Board of Trade it was de
cided that Messrs. J. F. Johnson, E lson F.
Adams and E. E. Bunco L-e a committee of
three to meet tbe Supervisors of Contra
Costa County at Martinez, May 3, at. 10
a. m., to see what arrangements could be
agreed upon between the two counties for
the building of the tunnel road.
. _■ .
Dentil of Dr. McLean's I', rot her.
OAKLAND. Cal.. April 29.— Rev. J. K.
McLean, D.D., just received news of
the death r.f his brother, Dr. L»roy Mc-
Lean of Troy, Is". Y. During the Civil
War deceased was a regimental surgeon
and has practiced in his profession ever
since. *_*_■
THE FIRST BATTALION.
A Military Event in tho rage-Street
Armory Last Night. ..
The armory of the First Regiment at 25
Page street was crowded Wednesday with
members of the First battalion. Major
Buxton, officers high in military rant
aim ladies and citizens were present.
The reason for the assemblage was the
calling out of the First Battalion, composed
of Company D. Captain Marshall; Com
pany E. Captain Ftzpitrick; Company I,
Captain Rie ter, and Company A, Captain
Connolly, for a review by Colonel J. F.
Smith of the First, a dress parade and a
guard mount.
There were present Major-General James
and staff. Brigadier-General Wariield and
staff, Colonel Smith and members of h's
s'ri-i, Colonel O'Connor, Colonel Sullivan
and many of the field officers of the regi
ment.
The men presented a fine appearance
and the evolutions, which were creditable,
elicited much applause.
After the military ceremonies were over
the field music was curterseded by that
of an orchestra and there was dancing
until the stars had -.(in. to rest.
BOULEVARD CONTRIBUTIONS.
Two Athletic Clubs Turn in the Per
- centages on Their Exhibitions-
Mayor Phelan turned $338 55— about
enough money to pay a day's wages to
the men now working on Balboa boule
vard—into the ;uud yesterday, the c in
being received from the followingsotirtes:
National Athletic Club, percentage on
exhibition. $182 75; Pacific Athletic flub,
same, 50; James Hansen, proceeds ot
an entertainment given at his home, $5 80.
Must Co to Prison.
An effort was made yesterday to keep Oliver
W. Winthrop out of San Quentin, to which
penitentiary he has been sentenced for life for
kidnaping James Campbell, the Ho* o.ulu
capitalist, from whom he attempted to extort
money. Winthrop, since sentence was p.- s.-ed,
ha- been in the County Jail pending an ap
peal to the Supieme Court. Yesterday, ln or
der to prevent his beinc removed, Aitornev
Bell petitioned the Supreme Court for, a writ
of pr. bable came. Chief Justice Beatty de
nied the application without comment. Win
throp will vow go to Scan Queutln.
Sunday-School of this Pentecost.
The Lutheran Sunday-school of the rente
cost, started by the Church ot the Holy Spirit,
Rev. Oliver C. Miller pastor, on Easter Sun
day in American Hall, corner, of . Pacific and
Leavenworth streets, aaa already an enroll
ment of fifty scholars, It Is held at 2:30 p. m.
The hall, which is being refitted 60 as to ma**.*
it well adapted ior the purpose, is nearing
completion. - — - ..
IO CURE A COLD IN* ONE- DAY.
Take la tlve Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists relund the money it 1 1 lulls to cure. ; __&c.
FOUNDER'S DAY AT
MILLS COLLEGE
Alnmni and Students to
Honor Its Thirty- First
Birthday.
For a Quarter of a Century It
Has Been Located Near
, Oakland.
Mrs. Mills Still President, Although
Meeting Grandchildren of H r
First Graduates.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April __B_ *
For a quarter of a century Mills College
has been sending its graduates out into
the world from Represent location. For
six years previous to the establishment of
the now famous seminary in Alameda
County, the institution was located at
Benicia, and on Saturday next, May day,
its thirty-first birthday wili be celebrated
with fitting ceremony.
Founder's day at Mills always attract
a large gathering. The alumni and
students of the college are now occupying
prominent and noble spheres In woman
life in all parts of the world, and those
who are able always make an effort to at
tend personally on founder's day. while
those who are unable on account of dis
tance, send interesting letters to their old
school companions.
Mills has become so well known that it
is regarded fir more in the licntof a State
institution than a private school.
Mrs. C. T. Mills. 'the principal, speaks of
her family as familiarly as though they
were all her own children. She can re
call nearly every name of the hundreds of
youn__ folks who have been trained for
life's duties within the homelike institu
tion.
At the present time there are living in
this city crandchildren of the first grad
uate from Mills Seminary, and yet the
same beneficent lady presides over the
college. *
On. Saturday next many special num
bers will appear on th- programme. An
invitation has been extended not only to
the alumni, as is usually done on found
er a day, but to all the students that have
ever been within its walls, and, from the
number of acceptances already received,
the seminary wul be a scene of life and
paveiy on May day afternoon.
Miss Jane Seymour Klink, president of
the Mills Alumna. Association, has called
the annual meeting for Saturday morn
ing, and much important business will be
transacted. One of the features of the
afternoon will be the dedication of a Mary
Lyon memorial window. Mary Lyon is
known as the founder of colleges exclu
sively, for women in this country. She
was Mr?. Mills' teacher balf -a century
ago, and her memory is held in great
esteem in every woman's college in the
land. This window has been obtained by
the senior class of under-sjradua.es and is
a very handsome work of art.
After the luncheon on Saturday there
will be the usual reading of letters from
absent graduates. This is always an in
teresting topic, and shows, as nothing else
could, ti.e practical use to which the
writers are puttin.- the knowledge gained
in the pretty Alameda institution.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
William and Anna H. s.-a to Thnmas P. Doyle
lot on E line of Br oderici- street, 100 A' of Clay N
27:814 by I-. 80; *10. T'<
Pascual Monterrosa, Francis B. ( liver Chi.rles
Jtandnl and W. E yon Johannsen (hv William 'it,
Gardiner commissioner) to Curl Cb. G*
Eruntsch, 1 ton W line of Bro.lerlck stroet £0 -
of Hayes. N 62:6, W 137:6, S 25, E 2_. 8 37:6 E
112:6; 10,45*0. '
John 1. 1...*.:., to Mary H. Lacoste. lot on If
line of Clay street. 110 E of Wain lit, E 27-6 by \
127:814; -flu. ' '
Annie M., Fr-derike, Erlkglne. Mels P. and
Marins I . Jorgensen to Patrick J. Don hue, lot on
£ line of Castro street. 6:6 sot Twenty -thud IS
25, E 10, N 26:6, \V 105: *10.
Elkan - auncburg to Ui'llam Cohen, lot on _.
line of O'Farr-l sire" , 92:6 X of Taylor, __ '5 N
137:6, W 2. :6. - 22:6, W 22:3, s 116; $26,0Jtt
John and 51 aria Klikpatricic to Monroe ween
wood, all of F. N. block 271. qul_cl.!_n_ d.ed: *lv.
llenrv and .-arith W. Miller to same, undivlled
11-2 j interest In lots 6 and 7, P. ... block -71
quitclaim deed: 910. '
A. K. I*. Harmon Jr. anl Etta H. Edwards to
Katherlne A. Downing, lot on E. line of Eleventh
avenue, 176 sof M reel, S2sby E 120: $10.
-ame to John Taylor, lot on .NX corner of N
sireet and Eleventh avenue, E 82:6 by _. 100
--•10. '
A. K. P. Harmon Jr. and George C. Edwards,
executois Of the estate oi Alb.on K. P. Harmon,
:o .me. same. $125.
Jacob and Lina H- yman. by Oscar Ileyman, at
torney, to F. J. Lastuf a, lot" on W line . f Mateo
street. 75 t* of i emls. * bit by W .12. block 6,
Mission nd Ihlrtift a street Homestead. fiO.
Stao ord Addition Ia id Company -to Queen
Wall ou. lot 27, block 1. subdivision A, Sunnyslde
Addition 1: Jl.i. '
William and Catherine Ede to Emil V. Scheerer,
lots 3 j io 32, 68, 67 block 9, Film Tract Home
stead; tl_ . *•
Henry Neobergrr to Annie F. Neuberger. lot on
B\V corner o» Waylan-i a. d Williams streets. 8
400 by W 240, bloc*. 118. I'm vers . Homestead;
gift,. . ...
Allied and > arollne Au.rhach to John Pforr. lot
on W line of (Union avenue. 17i aof BerksDlre
street, 8 75 by W 100 blcck 5, Mission and
lblrtleih Streets Homestead; 10. * .
. William M. Wade to If. A. Meier, lot on BE line
of F street .euth, 48:6 ■« .V of Fourteenth avenue
fcouib, SK 78:-!. 8K 158:5, »W 99:8. 2 SO : _ SI/***.
Sh 26:7 to Binning, ess tbat portion of Fif
teenth avenue Sou in and F sireet South, bock
282, -outt Sau Francisco Homestead aud Kail
road Ass elation; grant. -V,.
Same to J. O. James, lot on W line of Carolina
street, 168:8 Uet 8 or Sonoma (Twen v jurth)
33:4 by vV 10 '•, also the N* W two-thirds of lot
14. block 288, South Man Fr. nclsco Horn -leal
and Kallroad Aa_o*lation: also ots 860 and 862
Glf Map No. 2: also lot 40, bloc 12. City Laud
Association: <* .'so lots 1. 2 and it, block 515. Bay
View Homestead; ■ also lots 17 and 18, block 559,
Auction Sale*
CBAS. LEVI & CO.. Al CTli)..EK_li
Salesrooms— ll3s Market aired,.
THIS DAY.
Friday April 30. 1897.
At 10 o'clock a. mm, at Salesrooms,
1135 Market Street. Bet. 7ih and Bth,
WE WILL SELL ." ._ ~.
ISQUARI PI .NO. ANDREW 101 DING BEDS,
15 O X BEDROOM SETS, HAIR SPRING
MATTRESSES, PARLOR FURNITURE,
BEsT OF BEDDING, B OKCASE-, DESKS,
WARDROBES, CHIFFONIERS, SIDE-
BOARDS. HATRACK-, MANTEL MIR-
RORS, EXTENSION TABLES, (.HAIRS,
BED LOUNGES, 1000 yards CARPETS,
LACE CURTAINS, PICTURES. CROCK-
ERY, GLASSWARE, STOVE?, RANGES, 1
COUNTER, etc. " ' « - - ; y' .
CHAS. LEVY &CO., Auctioneers. "
i. C. MOTHER. AUCTIONEER.
Office— 633 Market Stree..
THIS DAY.
Friday April 30, 1897,
Commencing at 2 p. m.. at
SSO Ol_i_._i__.-5r BTIIEET.
1 WILL SKI.L ...
The Contents ofa Hne saloon, including Very
Fine Fixtures and a Good stock, 'i bis place will
first be olTere 1 as a whoie or in tots to silt pur-
chasers. Ren: very reasonable, but It must be sold.
Bay Park Homestead; also lot 1, block 292,
O'Neil & liaiev tract; also lot 6, block b7, Uni
versity Mound Tract Survey ; pianc
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
J. R. and Margaret A. Little to Northern Rail
way Company, same, Berkeley; «100. - "-.- •
Andrew and Marie S. Swenson to Fred Wilkes,
lot on N line of Bristol street, 141 E of Fifth, £
60 by t. 100. quitclaim deed, Berkeley; 75.
Charles N. and Bertha A. Nelson to W. H.
Loom is. lot 3, block C, subdivision of lieul I Twen
ty-third-avenue Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Ole T. oisen (by attorney) to same, lot 4, block
C, same; «10.*
W. H. ami Harriet C. Loomls to Charles N. and
Ole T. ols_ p. lots 3 and 4, bock C. same: Sll).
Edward and Lena Donahue to Carotin" Beck,
lot 10, Dock 17, town of Livermore, Murray
Township; $10.
Llzz c .Mci oid to William A. and Abba J. Boots
ma, lot on W line of Wood street, 137:6 Bof Tay
lor. S 25 by W 100. block 695. Oakland; $10.
Alary 1-.. Knowles to Peter Bnbman, lota 6 and
7. block I , Knowles & Potter subdivision Ken
nedy Tract, East Oakland; $10.
William M. and Phoebe Cuberr to Charles L.
Taylor, lot on W line of Minium street, 137 a of
Railroad avenue, t> 10 by W 88, Alameda, quit
claim deed: 810.
The Realty Syndicate (con oration) to Grace
•Sperry, lot on Ni-. line of Peralta avenue, 10U KB
Of Clinton, SK 60 by N W 100. being the SW 100
feet of Wij of lot 9, block 9, Jones Tract, East
Oakland: $10.
_. H. Harmon Lumber Company (corporation)
to Pacilic states 8., L. and B. Company, lot on NE
line of Chestnut street, 250 NW of B street, NW
60 by NE 100, being lot 7. Lawrence Tract, Hay
wards. Eden Township: $10.
San Lorenzo Cemetery Association to Mrs. J. G.
Fox, let 367. block 86, fcan Lorenzo Cemetery,
Ecen 'township: $50.
' eter and Maria Bnhman to Mary E. Knowles,
lots 1.1 aid 14, block P, Knowlea A Po.ter sub
division Kennedy Tract, East Oakland; $10.
A. H. 1 borough to Eleanor Martin, lot on
N line of Third aye ue, 855.42 NE from Coll-ce
or University avenue, thence Nr. 104, NW 390,
SW 104, SE 390 to beginning, containing 1 acre,
being lot 33, block V. Vernon Pane, Oakland
Township: also including all in crest of Edward
Martin at the time of his deith to land constitu
ting half of Third avenue, adjoining and in front
o i above described; $10
H. E. and _*. V. nurwocd to Emma S. el as.
lot on SE line of county road No 809, known as
the Redwood road, at most westerly corner of land
conveyed i.y H. K. Harwood and wiie to George
T. Fink and wife by deed of May 27, 1895. thence
SW 40 feet, SE 257.60, _\E 40, NW 2t.5 to
be ..Inning. Brooklyn Township; 320.
I* and J. 11. Meyer et al. (by <o umlssloner) to
Nicholas Van Bergen, lot on N W corner of Lafay
ette street and Bailroad avenue, > 300, W 134, 8
1..6, r. 20, S 60. W 26, S 125, E 131. to beginning:
also lots 4to 8, 11, 12. 16 to 20, block 3 . map of
property of lOt ______ Bartlett, Alameda; $15,
--4_-5.
Joseph A. Leonard Company to B. S. Griffiitta,
lot on *. Ime of » lenient or Atlantic avenue, 150
W of Mu.b-ry, W 30 by S 150, block 16, lands ad
jacent to Enema!, Alameda. (10.
Ernest A. Denlcke (by Tax collector* to M.
McCann, lots _, 33 and 34. block 681, Peril' a and
Center street lauds, Oakland, : ax deed; 43.
J. Hoichkiss (by same) to same, iot on N line of
Ninth street, S*B:2_4 W of Kirkham, vv 23:4 by
N HO, bock 551. Oakland, tar deed: $6.
Johns. I nimatt (by same) to same, undivided
one-fourth of an Inch frontage of lot on S line of
Tenth dreei. 40 li of Kirkham, X 26:8 by S 100,
bloc* CM), Oakland, tax deed; 93. 
A. 1.--\ . _-*. on (by same) to -am , N half of lot
18, block 629. Northern extension to Oakland,
Oakland tax deed; S3.
John iTttchard (ty same) to same, lot 11, block
781, Oakland, tax deed; S3-
P. Sullivan (by same) to same, the W 33 feet of
subdivisions i and D of lot 9, block 796, Watts
Tract, l ami. tax deed; $3.
Estate or P. s. Wilcox (by same) to same, lot 15,
block 755, Oakland, tax deed: $3.
Samuel H. Wils_n (by same) to same, lot 46,
bloc-i 6io, Adeline-street lots, Oakland, tax
deed; $3.
Charlotte Lynch (by same) to same, lot 62, Capi
tol Homestead, ftast Oakland, tax deed; $3.
Henry Drapel (by same) to same, lot. 2 and 3,
block 747, map ot C. C. i lay's subdivision of Levy
-ft Lane Tract, Brooklyn Tnwnsnlp, tax dcci; $5
Mmm mm Alice A. Peter to Franklin Hewitt,
lot on h line of Linden street, 200 N of Thirtieth
N 25 by E 12&, bein_ 10. 35, bio k 670, Glascock
Tract, subject to a mortgac< for 1200, Oakland
sl6oo.
James L. Crittenden, Johanna, Mary S., Joseph
S. aud Eugene MeG n.i to Ellen F., Urace A.,
oeorge W.. r rands and Waiter L. Mcuinn, all in
terest in lot on F line of Auelln ■ street, 300 N of
Thirty-fourth, E 122 by N 60, b-ing the H half of
lot 4, block 682, Wat s Tract, Oakland; $1.
Ellen F. an i -eoige \\. M colon to Grace A. Mc-
Ginn, all interest in same, •■aniand; $10.
Mary A. Cements. r.nima Burns, J. r.. and Pat
rick Mcdan to James L. Crittenden, all intere-t
in the estates of Jatms and Thorn*! F. McGinn in
San francisco, Solano and Alameda counties
-53400. '
Mountain View Homestead Association to K. A.
Brakenridg,. lot 17/ in pat H. Mouutain View
cemetery, Oakland Township; $33 1.
Builder*.' Contract*.
Adams Company with Henry Balston: castiron
work, etc., for asix-sxry bul ding on NE corner
of Kearny and suiter streets, $7000; Henry A
Schulze, architect.
P. Barry with G. McDonald and Timothy Foley,
to erect a two-story frame ' building on Tenth
street. near Harrison; $2550.
A. Clarke with S. F. iiodgklns, to erect a three
story ding on NW corner ot Baker and Pine
streets, .5.5.). Charles at. lUsseau architect.
— •— ■» — m ,
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
palace hoi el.
a M Foorln, St Louis L D Shoenberg, Denver
X Napayama, Japan VV Lore nzen. uerm any
11 Mtrz, I* » A ' J M ({e.cvin, Portland
XT Root, Denver * J M Peyton, Spokane
MlsallDPeyton.spokaneMlss U Martin, Spokane
G A NewklrK, Denver W W De* r, Philadelphia
I- Wendewonb. Chicago J H Jennings. Chicago
EM Barton, Chicago Miss X B^. ton, Chic co I
M A Covarrubias. Cal H V Burner Aw, Alaska
X It— lltsiiia Japan : Mr & Mrs Foust, Bombay
Mrs I .\ R. qua, oaklnd Mrs EP Buckingham
X W Plod get , •><' *- Vacaville
8 Yoshida, Jai an M Hlrosa, Japan
T Muramata. Japan H L Talbot, Boston
E T po.i.i > an on W - cott. Shanghai
A l- Brown, Edinburgh Miss mow .Inburgh
X X Porter, -hangnal Capt Fair. Lord in
E ii i'r.i i, Chicago c l.viol Shane ai
H Biir.o-i, Hongkong Mrs X -ins hmiclt, Mont
MissKlelnscbmidt.Mont Mrs <> B Goodman, Napa
'I li"S Denny, .\" V Miss Denny, N V
Mrs Denny, N V DrW E Bounds, 31 V
C _ smith, Am, NY o J .-mith. leno
J C How .1, I'hcla Mrs O c smith. Reno
J Baer, Cincinnati : *
GRAND- HOTEL,
Dr Stephen, Petaiuma . J t Morris. sonora
11 I Ross-tor, Fa P Ruhlu an, .. V '
Dr J * icliols. Jack on Miss Hayes, NY .
F J Dunn, Sam» Rosa Mis* M Mayes, N V :\i *
Wll Grant, Woodland T Jack-o l.Glea.erHarbr
A Duvall. Liverm-r- . 11 _We .er. Fort Bra.c
3 Goldman, Merced W ii Davis A w, M ned
VV W Foote, Oakland O VV Maulsby, a;*., Barba
J H McGauiibaii.Courtld A D Simpson, P.i
M May. ru A w, Cai Mrs Morrison, Boston
J M Turner, .at Miss M r.isoii, Boston
L Morton, Oakland . Mr Fa.*. pa. Lot Angeles
J.N Gilbert, Eureka . Mrs Dr A c Osborne
J F Connor, Eureka dr.iije '
PL David. Cai Mrs A J Downing, Eldrge
li L Clark A wf. Cal . R A iia.c.i o.i, L Angels
JB.sllemanJr. Fa II Laugenuur, v. odl.-U
F D . yder, -.icrainento Mrs J F Merk .r, iowa *
F Kimba ..National City Miss M J McCullen, Cal
J A Cwper L'klan Ci Luigo, Birds Landing
Da < Strom. Yuba City .Mas a J Zill, \\ inters -
BM De I.OD-.-, Sacto .. F Moody &w, Willows
J T Boyne, Marysville F Kastou J. w, Mode to
Mrs B T McCnl ough.Cal h. A r'vrbes>fcw. Marvavlll
C W Easton. Mo esto Mr Hastings Cai •
D VV* Hall, ■ hic»go Miss u astin a, Cat
J Uard .er, Alle nuny T ...an Denver
R Bryan, sterling. in Miss M -co  ial
J C Prichaid «__ v.. Ky a Prichard, Paris, Term
LICK HOUSE -
D H Winslow, St Louis W H Detain, Benicia
Johns Dare, Fresno . D Evan.-., Eurexa
E May Portland . A Wilson, Calistoga
Mrs A Hoc.v r.Callstoga J T Little, NY
V Buck, ' toe .ton I'l*- .rt cooper. llwood
JDCup, ' a " Fe ipe J *-' Donovan A w LsAn,
Lie. V. eich, c hi. o "W M Cievei.ua Aw, Cal
B H I pbam, Marti . O Allen A w. ..acto
J M Lathrop, Newman P Lyons Aw, Wash
Miss X Lyon , Wash , Miss T Lyons, Wash
J W Fricice & vr, re
. BALDWIN HOTEL
OR Dodge, Sac ratnej to ' G Williams, San Jose
G M Brice, Fen.dale V L Williams, Ferndale
J Mci.ODigle, Ventura. E F Woltver A wf, Nev
Miss 8 _•. Pniillps.henvr Mrs D MillUen,!
Miss Phillips, Denver Miss C Phillips. Denver
E _ O'Brien. Mercel G X French. Wasbincton
J Goldsmith Jr. N V J Moire, N V '
Mini Watts. Butte C Low, San Diego
A G Barnes, Willows OMc .ml. in. Tuiare
J a Morion, Los Angeles G B Good, Los AQgtlea
| H Martin, Sau Diego ;,,-',.
TO-DAY, mm,
The 30 h day of Apri', 1897, at 11 o'clock a. it..
At 1171 Mission .treat, near Eighth,
We will sell the remainder of
J. T. (lark's Elegant Stock of Furniture,
Removed fiom Market !-trp»..
Also the Contents of Two Furnished! Houses
He . oved, consisting of "50 handsome Rockers:
severac B.droom Sets; Hat Racks: 50 new Bugs:
one Roller Top Desk: Extern-ion bles: hundred*
of Pictures; Chiiloiilers: Curtains; lorfe.es:
Crockery; Glassware; Range): 1000 Yards of Car-
pets; Blankets: Comforters; Curtains: Portieres,
etc. INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
H. J. LEUTHOLTZ, Auctioneer.
ASsIC-KE'S SALE.
PROPERTY OF H. C. SPAULDING
mmJESk . .*__», £g^
____. AUCTION !
_;■*.-;-.■_ THIS DAY.
Friday.. April 30, 1897.
At 11 o'clock A. 51.. at
Corner Sixteenth and Valencia Streets,
B»- order of Creditors, we will sell theEntlr. Stoc_
of Horses, Carriages. Buggies, Wagone;:es, Carts,
surreys, express and Delivery Wagons, Harness,
Robes, Blankets, etc.
Terms, Cash. H. G HOLMES, Asslgnes,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Oflice— Sixth st. Livestock Auctioneers.
— a
Sued by Hia Ex-Valet.
Louis Berto, who says that he was tbo valet
and groom of Robert H. White, has sued his
ex-master in the Justice Court. Berto al
leges that when While and he recently parted
company the latter was indebted to him in
the amount of $65 for services rendered and
money expended at the instance and for the
benefit of the man who could afford a "man."
-
NEW TO-DAY.
IIP! p ip * f p
I mam aikaABPI fl ****"» eg* '
mum*
KS offs '>_*- lln I 111 j vsrJf-_-_ a i% I I«k_-I
TRUSTEES' SALES.
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by WILLIAM S.
HOPKINS and LIZZIE GEkTKUD__ HOPKINS
(his wife), and WILLIAM H. L. BARNES,
parties of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and IHADDEUS B. KENT, trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
third part, dated May Ist, 1890, and recorded
ln the office of the County Recorder of the City
and County of San Franc. Sco, State of California,
In liber 1402 of deeds, at pages 88 and follow.
Inst, aud in pursuance of a resolution passed on
the Bth day of .*,prll, 1897, oy the board of direc-
tors of said SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION,
a corporation, and the holder of the note (No.
10,001). to secure payment of which the aforesaid
deed of trust was executed, declaring that default
had been made in the payment of the principal
sum and other sums due under said note and
deed of trust, and requesting and directing said
HKNRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B.
KENT, trustees, to sell the real estate described
therein to satisfy said Indebtedness.
We. HEN C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, do hereby give noiice that on
TUESDAY, the llth day of May, A. D. 1897.
at 12 o'clock noon uf that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton. Eldridge &Co., No. 638 Mar-
ket street, in the City and County of Sao Francisco,
Slate of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash In gold coin of the
United states, the piece or parcel of land situate
In the City and County of Iran - Francisco, State
of California, described aa follows, to wit:
*. omme. icing at a point on ihe southerly line of
Suiter street, distant theteon one hundred anl
thirty-seven feet six licches (137 and 6-12 feet)
easterly from tne e.sterly line of Leavenworth
street; running tbence easterly along said line of
sui street o c hundred and thiitv-seven feet
six Inches (137 and 6-12 feet): thence at rl.-ht
angles souther one hundred and thirty-seven feet
S'x Inches ft 137 and 6-12 fee*): nee at right
ancles westerly one hundred and thirty-seven feet
six inches (137 and 6-. teet), and the' cc t rUnt
ancles non i .erly on.- Hun ired and tt irty-seven feet
six inches (187 and e-12 feet) to the point of com-
cement: being lot number one thousand one
hundred and twenty one (1121) of the titty-vara
lot survey of the City of Sau Erancisco, according
to the official map thereof : together with the ap-
purtenances. .--.,.:.-.
TEKMs OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of the
United States. 10 per cent payable to the under-
signed on the tail of the hammer, lalance on de-
livery of deed, and if not so paid, unless for want -
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said 10 per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
■-..._, . . HENRY C. CAMPBELL, „.,.__.
THADDEUS B. KENT, $****?***
TRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of i rust, duly executed t>y JAM F.
MAt KLIN, party of Ihe first part, to HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
trustees, parties of the second part. and -
the SAN FBANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. -
party of the third part, dated May 16th.
18. 5, and recorded in lhe oflice of ibe County Re-
corder of the c i y una County cf San 1 r.nctsco,
state of California, in liber letij of deeds, at
pages 70 and following, and in pursuance of a
resolution pasaed on the lUihday of September,
1896, by the boar.) of directors otsa. a SAN FRAN-
Cl CO i-.A . ING- UNION, a corporation, and the
holcer of the note (Na 13,481). to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
ex. cuted, declaring that a- fault had be* made in
the payment of the print sum and other sums .
due under said bote and deed of trust, and request-
ing and airectlng said HENRY c. CAMPBELL
and TIIADDEUs B. KENT, trustees, io sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy said in-
debtedness.
We. HENKY C.CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KEN 1 . trustees, do herei.v give notice that oa
TUESDAY, the 4 h day of .May, A. D. 1897,
at 12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of Easton, Eldridge £ Co., No. 138 Market
street, in the City and County of sau Francisco,
Slate of California, we will se.c at public anction,
to the highest bidder, for cash In go.d coin of tbe
United States, the piece, or parcel* of land situate
In the City ant County of -an Fra: Cisco, stale of
California, described as follows, to wit: ■'■-•■<
Lots ii bers twenty-three (1.3) and twen'y-four
(24), i.i blocK B. as shown and de ineated on the
map entitled "Original Map of the Pioperty of the .
Vara J 111 Horn -stead 'ssorlalio ," surveyed by
William P. Humphreys City and County sur- "
veyor. Ju 13lh. 1878. tiled August Sd. 1878. In
the office of he county Recorder of did City and
i oi.niy of san Francisco and now of recoul there-
in in liter, of maps at pages 165 and 166; and to '
which map i. d the r cord thereof special refer-
ence is hereby made for, further or more particu- *
lar descr p Ion; together with the appurtenances,
TEKMs OF SALE— ash in sold coin of tht
United states: ten per cent payable to the under* .
signed on the fall of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed; and it not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days b ing allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL. i *_,_
THADDEUS B. NT. J- Trustees. •
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
C>2s KEABXTST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
d isease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctoreures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low,
c.ii. •.•_.!-. i ..in. ■«•<_. Culiorwri__k,
iii. 4. r. Wl ■___#*• Bus 15.57. 5 an Fra___**- • ■
1112
SAN FRANCISCO ••CALL."
BTTBINESB OFFICE of the San Francisco CAM-—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
' Bight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
.corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1505 Po!>- street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentncky
streets: open : ll it o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
ft^-s-- CALIFORNIA COMMA NDERY^J.
l^sy N'al.K. T., Masonic lemple. Post H-flp 1
and Montgomery sis.— Regular assembly KJi
THIS .FRIDAY') EVENING at 7:-0 -ft*
o'clock. ORDER I'FTHE TEMPLE. All V
fritters are courteously invited.
sir MAR ! IN JONES, Em. Commander.
Sib Hiram T. Gbavks, Recorder.
-jr-J****- YEHBA BUENA LODGE OF .....
vLt^mV perfection No. I— Regular meeting m g
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, April 30. at A
8 o'c; ock. D. 6. /W
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary-. ______?
*r___-S=» THE IRISH NATIONALIST! f
■"*"■"**' and their friends are cordially Invited. X A.
to attend the twenty-eighth grand annual re-1055(P
union and picnic given under the auspices of ,B *-r
the Knights of tne Red Branch in Suell Mound
Van, Berkeley, on SUNDAY. May 2.
THE COMMITTEE.
•"jr*-"*}-- TO-NIGHT— KATE HEUSSMANN* AND
m--& Mr. Hargrave; grand circle; 403 Hayes; 2'cc.
■p^-*S-» ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
m-& annual meeting of stockholdirs of the
Hutchinson sugar Plantation Company will be
held at the office of the company, 327 Market su,
San Prancisco. California, on TUESDAY, the llth
day of May, 1897, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and the transaction of
Mien other business as may come before the meet,
Ing. Transfer books will close Friday, April 30-
-at 3 o'clock F. m. E. H. ELIK'N, secretary.
"-r^-p CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
*> : * THE WEEKLY' CALL, sent to any address 1
In the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
If_--«? BAY CITY TRANSFER CO., REMOVED
mm+mW 244 to 3i IVi Sutter. Trunks delievred, 25c. i
[j-^-g*--- THEY SELL ALL KINDS OF DRY' j
Warnr good . hosiery, underwear, bedspreads, tow- I
els, table covers, laces, embroidery, linings, trim-
ming--, vei ings, etc., very cneap at Pioneer Dry- j
goods Store, 105 Fifth st. "..'•....
r-tqg"' THE PACIFIC HEBREW ORPHAN :
m~& Asylum and Home Socle. y hereby give i
notice that they have admitted 1 to the orphanage •
from January 1, 1897, to date, the following half- i
orphan girls and boys. viz. : David Joseph, aged I
10 years 10 months: Robert Joseph, aged 8 years '
6 months; Milton Juresch, aged 3 years: Dottle I
Mayer, aged 10 years: Eva H. Marks, aged 3
years: William Silverman, aged 13 years; David
Silverman, aged 11 years: Joseph Silverman, aged '
B years: Albert Silverman, aged 4 years 6 months:
Arthur Deutch, aged 10 years; Ralph Deutcb,
ated 8 years- .- ■■'_';---
ar^sr- C. L. TAY'LOR IS HEREBY NOTIFIED
m*& to redeeu trunk at 1654 Market su
Kj? RAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4:
Br-*" collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co, 415 Montgy s'., room 6: tei. 6680.
■ i
SITUATIONS -VANTED-FEMALE.
"YOUNG GERMAN GIRL, GOOD COOK, DE-
X sires place in American family, $20 to $25,
references. MRS. DaDAMI, 313 utters'-.
RENCH GIRLS, SECOND WORK AND I
J waiting, also French infant's nurse, best refer-
ence, and gins for general housework, want places.
MRS. DADAM., 3i3 Sutler St.; tei. red 2713.
"V UMBER OF HERMAN* AND SWEDISH
XT girls awaiting situations at MRS. HIRD's, 721
Ellis St.; telephone Sutler 52.
WEDISH HOUSEGIRL; GOOD COOK AND
O laundress; best of reference: city or country;
$20. MRS. NORTON, 314 Sutter.
RESFEi TABLE WOMAN WISHES SlTU-
ation as cook or general housekeeper: best of
reference. Call 1913 sieiner st
COMPETENT SWEDISH WOMAN WOULD
like washing and ironing and housekeeping by
the day; is a llrst-class laundress- 1220 Vai leja
SWEDISH WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
cO day: washing, Ironing, housecleaning, etc. Ad-
dress 418 Day su, near Noe.
\KAT, INDUSTRIOUS AND OBLIGING j
XT young lady desires position as stenographer
and lypewriter, or will assist with accounts; best
of references frem practical experience: salary
$6 per week. Address L. a., box 23. Call Office. I
-yOUNG AND ATTRACTIVE GERMAN GIRL
X desires to secure a hous. keeper's position In
hotel; widower's or bache. or's home preferred.
2-3 Post su, room 11. second floor.
POSITION OF TRUST IN* PRIVATE COUN-
try family is desired by a refined domesticated
young woman; fond of cnildren an I willing lobe
generally us»iul. Address C, box 34, Call Office.
YOUNG STRONG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
X work by the day washing, ironing and house-
cleaning; 1 cirfarc. CtJl or aduress 673 Minna at ,
near Seventh.
KENNED AMERICAN LADY, WITHOUT
incumbrance, wishes a position as working or
managing housekeeper. Address room 34. 418
Ellis su
HOTEL COOK WISHES SITUATION; CITY
or country ; wages $30. Call or address Pres-
ent House.
WAN - POSITION AS GOVERNESS
TT duringthe summer months by a Stanford stu-
denu Addr.ss M. a.. Stanford Univers.ty.
RESPECTABLE AND CAPABLE YOUNG
J t woman wishes situation at secoud or general
housework; country preferred; wa-jes $20 to »^5.
Call or address Saturday 917 Howard ; basemenu
BY WOMAN, TO COOK IN* A .MINING CAMP
or sawmill or on a ranch. 126 Fourth, room 6*.
VOI'.NG WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. 121 Montgomery su, room 8.
"V'OUNG EASTERN WIDOW OF EXPERI-
X ence and refinement wan is housekeeper's place i
ln bachelor or widower's home. Room 2. 223 l osu
ACCOMPLISHED AND REFINED YOUNG
--T-l. lady (French) wants a housekeeper's place;
would like place as companion. Room 3, 223 Posu
W ANTED— BY A YOUNG PARISIAN LADY
TT (stranger) a housekeeper a position in a gen-
tleman's home. 122 Post tt:., rooms 10 and 11.
YOUNO LADY FROM THE COUNTRY
X would like a situation as housekeeper for a gen-
tleman. Call 223 Post su, room 17, third floor.
SITUATION BY NEAT YOUNG WOMAN;
general housework or upstairs none; $22 50.
Apply or address MRS. M.. 938 Mission st. -
SITUATION* BY AN ELDERLY WOMAN JO
do housework; is good cook and laundress:
city or country, call at 759 Mission st.
"yOUNG WIDOW WISHES POSITION AS
X housekeeper Ij bachelor's or widower's home.
Room I, 106 Fourth st.
WOMAN WANT WORK BY THE DAY
TT vca-hlng and housecleaning; c.ty references.
G. G. , box 84, Call.
*» YOUNG LADIES WOULD LIKE POSITIONS
4. as attendants of bachelor cr widower. Annly
L. M., box 94, Call. vvf
MIDDLE AGED LADY WISHES TO TAKE
full charge of an infant or small child. Call
or address 1915 Harrison su, city.
YOUNG FRKNCH WIDOW DESIRES Posi-
X lion as housekeeper or companion. 1346 Mar-
ket St., room 2. .*.-■; ..-*:-
YOUNG FRENCH WIDOW DESIRES
housekeeper position; c.ty or country 833
Mission su, room 2.
POSITION* DESIRED AS COMPANION AND
X nurse with invalid or aged lad-.- medical refer -
ences. 1530 Eddy -<v ; call afternoons.
RESPONSIBLE MIDDLE-AGED MARBIKD
couple will take the best care of home durlnz
absence of family; best city references. N. R.
box 123, Call Office.
AMERICAN LADY OF 28 WISHES Posi-
tion as working housekeeper in widower's
home, care of children: refined ; home more than
wates. JL, tox 2d, Call.
POSITION BY YOUNG LADY AS CASHIER
or ii-i.-.i-itaiit doctor's or dentist's office, or pho-
tograph gallery : best of references. Address S. F.,
box 181. Call Office
•VTEAT YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE TO GO
X. to ihe country to take car* of children. Please
call 158 Lexington aye., beu Eighteenth and Nine-
t enih. 3S"23s|
COMPETENT AND EXPERIENCED YOUNG
lady d* sires position as typewriter or compan-
ion. Rooms 3 and 4, 309 Su.ier si.
hY ELDERLY LADY AS HOUSEKEEPER
J* in; widower's family or for bachelor; best
references: city or country. M. a., 1553 Fifth
a:., Oakland.
RESPECTABLE. HONEST LADY, HAS BOY'
aged 4 wauls si* nation as housekeeper in nice
family: also is iood nurse; no trlflers. call 122$
Missiun su
"YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE TO
X do second work or assist at housework. 2422 a
Greenwich st.
1-cXPKRIENCKD LADY'S NURSE* WISHES
J engagement; first-class doctor's references. 117
Tenth SU
/•It LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
U K CALL. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
. ITUATIONS -VANTEIT-ContlnnerT.
"WAN I LAUNDRY WORK BY STRONG
TT ni'.cjdie ag'-.i Protectant woman; country
hotel of resort: no other laundry help kept pre-
ferred; 'first class. • Call Laundress, 1231 Market.
WANTED- A LADY WITHOUT INCUM-
TT brance will take care of a small house lor tue
summer; references- Address J., box 30. Call.
yiIUSH GERMAN GIRL WANTS POSITION*
Kin family .o do second woik. Addresi 1517
Saciamento St. ';'.','-
yoDSO LADY PREPOSSESSING AND RE-
X fined wants a place in bachelor's or widower's
home is housekeeper; no obj.ctiou to country.
207 Post su, room 1.
yOUXG LADY WISHES POSITION* AS
X housekeeper, or will do sewing. 821 Mis-
sion su. room 5.
COMPETENT GEKMAN WOMAN. WITH
\J daughter going to school, desires situation: is
good cook and seiiin -ctieis: wages $10 to $15. Ad-
dress B. _£_, box 148, Call Office
\"OUNG LADY WI-HES POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Call 120 a Eddy st, room 7.
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER OK STEW-
. ardess on deep-water vessel. Room 12, 109
Grant aye.
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER, PRIVATE
family, or assistant matron In Ins Initio l: have
had years of experience as InvalUs' nurse and
housekeeper. 1612 Vallejo sU
WIDOW FROM COUNTRY WISHES A POSI-
Tl Hon as housekeeper for widower or bachelor;
will do nieicdlux. Call after 12, 120 Ellis su, room
17. second floor.
yill'SG GERMAN GIRL WISHES A PLACE
X for upstairs work or children. Apply 24
Eleventh su
"YOUNG LADY (PARISIAN) IN REDUCED
X circumstances would like paying housekeeper's
place; hotel, bachelor's or widower's home pre-
ferred. 1122 Market su, room 31.
AMIABLE AND ACCOMPLISHED YOUNG
French widow desires permanent position aa
housekeeper in hotel. Da helor's or widower's
home; no objection to country. R. 2, 120 Vi Geary.
"YOUNG EASTERN WIDOW, EXPERIENCED
X as housekeeper, desires a place in hotel, bach-
elor's or widower's home; no oojectlon to coun-
try. 223 Post su, room 1.
W OMAN* WANTS WASHING BY THE DAY';
TT $1 and carfare. Call 717 Tehama at., nr. Bth.
1-..SIERN WIDOW, LATE OF FIFTH ST.,
J desires position as housekeeper. 209 Eddy at.,
room 12. - -.3
"YOUNG, ATTRACTIVE WIDOW WOULD
X like a situation as housekeeper: city or coun-
try. Apply 138 Fourth si., room 4.
"YOUNG LADY DESIRES A POSITION A 8
X nurse to an invalid, helpless person or an In-
fant. Address 2805 Sixteenth su, cor. Folsom.
SW COR SIXTEENTH ST. NEAR MIS
sion: branch office of Th i Call bu_-
eiiipilons and want ads taken.
RESPECTABLE GERMAN MIDDLE-AGED
man and wife wish positions in boarding-
house: wile good cock; man to do chores. Apply
this office or 130 Second su
nt C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
UX_> CALL Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
CHINESE A JAPANESE; EST'D 20 YEARS;
lieipjteLmaln 1997. BRADLEY Ik Co. .640 Clay
HUNTER A CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, removed to 614-Vfe Califor-
nia su, near Kearny, '1 el. main 23L
/UiI.NESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V.' oflice: best help. 414y 9 O'Farrell. Tel. E. 426.
SAM KEE-CHINESE AND JAPENESK EM-
ploymeut office. 611 Vi lu.sh st.. nr. Grant aye.
JAPANESE. CHINESE EMPLOYMT OFFICE;
waiters, bousecleaners. 30 Geary; tei. Grant 56
/". OOD GARDENER, UNDERSTANDS HAND-
" X ling horses, good driver, good milker, dec-Ires
situation private residence; 7 years' references.
F. Q , box 97, Call.
"YOUNG MAN. 24, WISHES A POSITION OF
X some kind; will work for small wages if neces-
sary; besi of city references. Address Y. W., box
79, Call office.
BARBERS— YOUNG MAN, 25 Y'EaRS. GOOD
barber, wishes steady job, city or country;
country preferred. Address H. JL, 1528 Park at.,
Alameda.
MAN AND WIFE DESIRE SITUATION ON*
ranch, wife as cook and man general farm-
hand. Address J. G. P., 138 Eigh.h su
Swedish man wants position near
0 this city; Is handy man around bouse: can
milk aud care for horses Apply 7il Mission .
BAKriR (GERMAN), GOOD ON VIENNA
bread and rolls and cake, lately from the East,
wants steady p ace. MEINsER, 39 Market su
EXPERIENCED HOTEL CLERK. ' YOUNG
_ man, wants position: highest California refer-
ence*; rirst-class bouse only. A. Ci., box 65, Call.
BUTCHER WANTS SITUATION; UNDER
1 * stands all branc .es in butcher, business; also
hotel or restaurant; country preferred. 2970
i vtenty-sixih au
JAPANESE WANTS SITUATION A 8 WAIT-
er and housework and washing; has best refer-
ences. S. KAsU Y' a, 93i Sacramenio si., city.
JAPANESE FIRST-CLASS COOK WISHES
post ion to work: will do general housework.
Address K. V., 758 Castro su, Oakland.
/.ERMAN AND WIFE DESIRE A PLACE
* ' on a ranch; man understands vineyard and
orchard work and wife good cook. C. IL, 812
Kearny su . . {is
SITUATION WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS
Eastern cutter: 15 years' experience; only
those wanting first-class man need answer. . C,
box 9, Call.
"PIKST-CLASS FRENCH GARDEN. DE-
i sires situation in private family; |.ood city ref-
erence, call 327 Montgomery aye.
T.-TRST. CLASS CARRIAGE AND WAGON
X blacksmith, also fcorseslco-r. wishes situation;
city or country. N. 0., box 75, CalL
"YOUNG MAN WISHKSSIIUATION IN COM-
X mercial house: wages no objecu Address
908 Vi Howard st.
BY' INTELLIGENT INDUSTRIOUS MAN, TO
care for private home: thoroughly understands
i gardening, horses, poultry, milling; please give
firs: chance J. IL, box 10. Call Office.
HIGHLY' EDUCATED GKNTI EMAN, KIND
disposition, vast knowledge different branch-
es, speaking several languages, seeks position as
tutor, com t anion or any other ot confidence; sal-
ary moderate; references given. Please address
DR. GRAMMONT, 1106 Van Ness aye.. city.
f* 1 C LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OFTHE
UIU CALL Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MAN AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEO-
ple, private place; man understands care of
cattle, horses and grounds, general work: wife
competent housekeeper, cook or second work: city
or country. Address J., box 54, Cull office. i
BY A- GERMAN, GENERALLY LSEKUL;
understands gardening, care of horses, driv-
-1 ing. milking; city retire moderate wages.
I*. M.. 674 Sixteenth St., Easl Oakland.
v I IDDLE-AGED MAN WHO U^ DERSTaNDs
-l'l care of horses and garden wishes situation in
private place; chy or country. B. M., box 123.
Call Office. ' .
EXPERIENCED MAN AND WIFE WI!.H
J position; man as barkeeper and wife as cham-
bermaid. ' Address or call G. de T., 271 Minna si.
JAPANESE KCHOOLBOY' WANTS SITUA-
tIon. GEORGE X., 22 Prospect pia
"YOUNG GERMAN WISHES SITUATION AS
X^buiior. Address 26'" Natoma st.
('lt LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Oil) CALL: tubscrlntions an i warn act, taken.
STRONG, RESPECTABLE BOY WISHES TO
work on a ranch; small wages. 1206 Polk su
INDUSTRIOUS YOUNG MAN WISH I 8 SlT-
uatlon as driver: also hand/ at machinery or
b.acksmilhlng. Address Lo., 239 Twenty-seventh.
URSE OR VALET TO INVALID GENTLE-
_•> man; gives massage: to ghest reference. Ad
dress Nurse, box 51, Call Office.
Cl C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
tJXO CALL, subscriptions and want ads taken.
SU BSC IPI lONS AND YV ANT ADS FOR THE
O Caul taken at brancn office. 339 Hayes »v;
open unui V :3j o'clock. . •
TV-OTTO WORK. BUT TO MANAGE, SUPER-
XT intend or piepare for sale landed properties,
an elderly single gentleman of broad experience Is
onen for employmeni. Address bx ♦'_;, Clover-
dale. < i.l. ;.-«..
LANDSCAPE-GARDENER AND FLORIST:
20 years' experience; good references ; wishes
position. Address L. ROBERT, Santa Clara.
/ -OMPE'I ENT HOUSE-PAINTER, WITH
__/' tools, wants work for private parties, by the
: day or pecework: will work cheap. Address
| Pain:, box 79. this office.
j WANTED-POSITION' AS DRAUGHTSMAN
TT in architect's office; salary no object; good ref-
erences. Address H. C, box 10, Call.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 1«7 NINTH
m. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
— — - ,
JAPANESE (VERY YOUNG . BOY) WANTS
situation as schoolboy: .wages no objecu Ad-
dress T. _.., box 16 ihls office.
,* i.i" 7 MONTGOMKRY COi'.NER OK CLA V—
• 'Z.I open until 9:30 clock; branch office of
tbe Call: subscriptions and want ads. taken. - :
WINCHESTER HOUSE 44 THIRD ST.. NR
TT Market: 200 rooms isc io $1 50 per nl_bl:
.1 60 to $« per week; convenient and respectable,
Lie bus and baggage to and Irom the terry.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1897.
FEMALE HELP WANTED. '
HEAD WAITRESS, CITY: WAITRESS, RE-
s.ort hotel. $20 and room, call eariy: waitress,
country, $20 and room: 2 waitresses, same hotel,
$.6 and room eacb, eaay place;' chambermaid and
wait some, $15 and ro-m: chambermaid and wait
some. $20 and room; 2 waitresses, same restau-
rant. $5 a week; 3 waitresses, same restaurant, $5
a week ; waitrest who can p'.av- piano, retort hotel,
2 waitress 8- a week; waitre-is, Amador Coun-
ty, mining town: waitress fur Truckee: waitress,
Oakland, $20; waitresses. 75 cents a day; 3 wait-
resses,, city, $20 and room; 2 youne girls as
waitresses, $12 and room. MAR ITN A CO., 749
Market si.. ._?_...-.-.
/"* IRL. STANISLAUS COUNTY; SEE PARTY"
*"* here; $30. MARTIN A CO.. .49 Market st
SECOND GIRL. JACKSON ST , $-0* MARTIN
_<■■. 749 Market at. .
GIRL, ALAMEDA, CAL., $25. MARTIN A
CO., 749 Market su
GIRL. OAKLAND, $20. MARTIN A CO., 749
Market st.
COOK, GERMAN SIYLE. $.0 AND ROOM;
see party here. MARTIN & CO.. 749 M rket.
GIRL, MCALLISTER st., . $20. MARTINA
CO., 749 Market st.
COOK. $35; SECOND GIRL, $25: NURSE.
VJ 1 child, $25: German seamstress, $26: 8
housework girls, city and country, $20 and $25;
6 young girls assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN ,
323 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, $20 EACH; CHAMBER-
m. niKid and wait. 1 meal, $ '0; restaurant wait-
ress, $6 per week. MIsS CULLEN, 323 Sutter sU
PROTESTANT NUt'SE, $20; SHORT Dis-
tance; see lady here. MISS CULL-N, 323
Suiter st. r>*.--
XrOUlfO GIRL TO ASSIST; SMALL WAGES.
X 2805 Twenty-fourth st.
RL OR WOMAN TO ASSIST; $6 PER
month. 3681 Twenty-fourth at., nr. Dolores-
"YOUNG GIRL IO ASSIST IN LIGHT
X housework: 2ln family. 1728 a Sutter st.
W ANTED— GOOD COOK AND DO HOUSE-
TT work. 2505 Pacific aye.
■JEFINEi. NURSE. CHILD 3 YEARS, $15
XL MISS CULLEN. 323 Suiter st.
VkAl' YOUNG GIRL, LIGHT SECOND
X. work, $12. MISS cULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
"YOUNG REFINED GIRL AS NURSE, SLEEP
X home, $10. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
GIRL, PLAIN WASH, MINING TOWN. $15;
lare paid. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter at.
YKAT IRISH OIRL AS COOK IN JEWISH
_-> family, $25 MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter su
"WAITRESS AND CHAMBERMAID. VAL-
TT i.jo, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter SU
HEAD WAITRESS, $25. MISS CULLEN, 828
Suiter sL
WOMAN WITH A CHILD, $15. MIS"-* CUL-
tt LEN, 323 sutlers .
GERMAN CHAMBERMAID, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 suiter st.
n WAITRESSES. SAME COUNTRY HOTEL,
-- see party here, $20; 3 waitresses. asm* hotel,
city, $U0; l waitresses, restaurant, city, $15; head
waitress, city hotel: waitress for water resort, $20;
laundress for springs, see par y here, $26: cook
for springs s«e party here, $25. German cook,
private family. $25. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary su
S-CO^DOIRL. $12; YOUNG GIRL TO AS-
-10 sist in watting. *I.'; Scandinavian woman to
cook on ranch, $.0: 6 girls, housework, city, »20 ;
young girl to assist, no  ousework, $12: 8 girls,
Housec.ork and assist, $15: German girl for small
family, housework, $20; girl to assist, sleep home,
$15: nursegirl, sleep home, $10. C. R. HANSEN
A CO., 110 Geary sU
COOK FOR SMALL SPRINGS: SEE PARTY
V here to-day: $25. CR. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary si.
FAD WAITRESS: CITY. C. R. HANSEN
4 CO., 1-0 Gc-ary st.
THREE WAITRESSES. SAME HOTEL,
city, $20. C. R. Ha.NSc.N A CO., 110 Geary at.
"WANTED— LADY'S .MAID AND RA_IK-
TT dresser, $v>o; 2 German and Scandinavian sec-
ond girls, 425: lunch and dinner waitress, 76c day;
coffee and restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6 wee*. ;
20 German and Scandinavian girls for housework,
city and country, $20 and $25; 2 German nurses,
$-'.- and $25; 6 young girls fur housework, $15.
German cook fo. hoard. ng-bouse, $30, and many
others. Apply to J. F. CROaETT «t cO.. 316 Sut-
ter sU .
__) WAITRESSES, SAME COUNTRY HOTEL,
— $20 each: neat waitress, hotel, short distance
country, if -0; houseworx girls, city and country.
MURRAY A HEADY, Leading Emnloyment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay su
,p IRL FOR HOUSEWORK. '2 IN FAMILY.
VJ $25: gin, 3 ln family. $20: waitress, $25: '1
nur.-egtrls, $10 and $12, and several others. MRS
JIIRD, 721 El is su
W ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
TT work and cooking for 3 ln family; wa-.es $16.
1810 Fillmore st.
. »
VA" ANT FRENCH COOK; GENERAL HO USE-
TT work; no washing; 3in tamily. Apply 611
Hyde St., between 9 and 10 a. m.
YOUNG GIRL. LIGHT HOUSEWORK:
sleep home preferred; wages $10 Apply 817' 3
Lombard to-day.
YOUNG LADY TO TAKE CAKE OFFICES
X in exchange for course in business college. J.
L , box 55, Call Office. -__HB
IRL WANTED FOR GENERAL HOUSE,
work and plain cooking. Apply after 10 a. m
at 1437 Market at , bet. Tenth am Eleventh.
A* IDDLE-AGED LADY TO ASSIST LIGHT
l'l housework; small wages: good home. 913
Howard su a
WANTED— EXPERIENCED SKIRT AND
TT waist hands. 121 Post st., room 63.
WANTED-YOUNG GIRL TO MIND LTIIL-
TT dren. 1316 Stelner a:.
4 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF lU.H
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
GIRL TO .ASSIST IN GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 1307 Fillmore st.
WANTED— GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT
tt housework. 258 Clinton Park, bet. Dolores
and Market sts.
ERMAN GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, $20.
417 Powell su
"YOUNG GEHMAN GIRL AS COMPANION
X and to assisu 417 Powell st.
Gt ERMAN N CIISKKY GOVERNESS, 1
r grown-up chill, $10 to $25. 417 Powell au
APPRENTICES AND TRIMMERS IN MlLLl-
nery store at 692 Mcallis er sU
AN! ED-GERMAN OIKL TO DO COOK-
Ing and general housework. Apply 1003
Gearv. St. .
WANTED IMMEDIATELY-A BUSINESS
TT woman, mature age, to superintend workers
for wholesale house. a., box 88, CaU Office.
STRONG YOUNG GIRL; ASSIST^ IN
bakery: hi use work : German preferred. Cor.
Eleventh and Howard ats.
RKSSMAKER WANTED; FIRST-CLASS
skirl-maker; also first-class talloreta. 604
sutler st. . :'.•.'-•':..
4 MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
WANTED-GIRLFOR UPSTAIRS AND FOR
children. Call from 9 to 12 a. m., 1151 oc-
tavla su
"W ANTED-. SMALL, SINGLE FURNISHED
TT rooms for young man and mother. Address
F. L. D., 858 Mission st.
WAN! ED- FIRST-CLASS FINISHER ON
TT coats. 411 Kearny at., room 2.
GIRL, ASSIST GENERAL HOUSEWORK: I
VJ In family; $10; bet. 9 and 11. 1918 a Golden
Gate aye. .
Nt ~ LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
L"L__" Call-, subscriptions and want ads. taken.
EST AND QUICKEST PLACE ON EARTH
to learn dressmaking and mllilnery; patterns
25c: call and see our mammoth iusil ution.
MCDOWELL'S, 103 Post sU
SF. DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL-FRENCH
. tailoring taught; $1 week. 910 Markeu r. 64.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester Hous-, 44 1 bird sU. near Markst
200 rooms; 26c to $1 6J per night; $1 60 tosi
per week: free 'bus aud baggaze to and from ferry.
I'l C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
\) I_"CA I L Subscriptions an<* want ad* taken.
MALE HELP ; WANTED.
RESTAURANT PORTER: COOK. SMALL
res aurant: cook, $8 a week;, waiter, $7 a
wei-k; cook, $35 and room; waiter, $26 and
room. MARTIN A CJ., 749 Market st. .
fl YOUNG MEN TO TRAVEL: $12 A WEEK
_- and expenfs: see party here 10 a.m. MAR-
-1 IN A Co., 749 Market si.
MINING FOREMAN; USE BURLEIGH A
Ingersoll drills: see party 10 A. U. -MARTIN
& CO., 749 Market st-
SMALL BELLBOY: BOY FOR BAKERY.
MARTIN A CO., 749 Market su
3 COLORED WAITE : $25 AND ROOM.
MARTIN A CO.. 749 Market st.
VEGETABLE GARDENER; $25. BOARD,
etc. MARTIN <__ CO.. 739 Market »L
COOK. C cI'NT HOTEL. $35: DISHWABH-
er, 415: vineyard-hand. $20; farmhands, $15:
farmer and wife, on snares; hotel porter, »15;
choreman, $15: soli. ltor. R. T. WARD A Co..
608 and 610 Clay streeU
, HELP WA\TKn-l'ontlnn«l.
- .' .- .I--.*' ._,..'. .■.■ I* * * -I._|-|.-|-|-jl-r,_,.
lAUNDRY'MAN AND WIFF, COUNTRY
-i laundry, $50: Ironer on Tyler machine, coun-
try, $35. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 10 Geary au
"I () FARMERS, DIFFERENT RANCHES. $20
Ac" and $15: 3 Scandinavian farmers. $20. 2
German farmers, *.0 and $15: 2 farmers for
orchards, $20. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary.
1 A LSI -CLASS WAUr.RS FOR A BAN-
11/ que! ; must be smooih-shaven and have good
wardrobes C. R. H..NSEN A CO.. 110 Geary su
SKCOND COOK. COUNTRY HOTEL, $60 AND
fare van ted; French or Swiss i.nd took,
hotel, $60; kitchen fireman, hotel, $20; 2 dlsh-
washers. country. $15 aud $20. C R. HANSEN
A Co., 110 Geary st
l) FIRST-CLASS ' WAI I' KRS, WITH DRESS
— suits, country hotel, $30; wai.er, arm work,
country hotel. $3J. see party here. C. R. HAN-
SEN A l 0., 110 Geary st
ENGINEER AND MACHINIST WHO HAS
run a double hoist tor a mine,' s9o: see party
here. C. R. HANSEN A CO., liO. Geary su
BLACKSMITH WITH MINING EXFERI-
ence, $90; see oarty here. C. R. HANSEN A
CO.. 110 ysu
HORSE-HOER.COUNTRY SHI $12 WKKK
and increase: 2 more ship carpenters, $3 a
day. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary su
COLORED BOOTBLACK FOR THE COUN-
try. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 110. Geary eu
PORTER FOR A SUMMER RESORT, $26;
must understand gardening and run to trains.
C. R. HANSEN A Co.. 110 Geary su
SHAMPOOKR FOR A TURKISH BATH, $40.
cO C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary SU
COOPER TOR LIME BARRELS. MURRAY
A READY', 634 and 636 Clay su
GROCERY. CLERK. COUNTRY, $40; BAR-
VT ber, country shop. MURRAY A READY,
634 and 636 Clay su
At) FARM. ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
a.v' hands, $26 and $110: 6choreboys for ranches
and vineyards. $B and $10. MURRAY A READY',
63* and 636 Clay st.
•_» BLACKSMITHS AND HORBEBHOERS.
«) wheelwright, country shop. MURRAY *
READY. 634 and 036 Clay st /
(' MILKERS, $30, $26 AND $20. CITY' AND
T> country; 16 laborers, city work, $1 75 day and
»25 per nioith and found. MURRAY <_ READY,
634 and 636 C.ay su 4 ,
*. H WOODCHOPPEIIS. 10 TEAMSTERS FOR
AO a ranch. MURRAY* A READY, 634 and 636
Clay at. *
PANTRYMAN, COUNTRY HOTEI, $25; 3
rooks, 3 waiters, 3 dishwashers, second camp
cook. MURRAY' «fc READY*. 634 and 636 Clay au
O7Q MEN AND BOYS WANTED TO-DAY';
-MO from $15 to $65 per month and fornd.
MURRAY A READY', 634 and 636 Clay st
OK DRILLERS FOR A LARGE QUARRY; 2
_--> granlie-curb cutters. MURRA _' A READY,
634 and 636 Clay si.
r\ A 2 AND 4 HORSE TEAMSTERS, $_'0 AND
O\J found: for a large company. MURRAY A
READY*. 634 and 636 Clay SU
STABLEMAN, CITY. $35. MURRAY A
READY. 634 and 636 Cla . su
—
A*,' ANTED— EXPERIENCED MAN FOR BEE
TT ranch, $25 and found; carriage painter, $3
day; fan.i $20 month and $1 day; assistant
gaidener, $lo; lv laborers, $175 day: creamery
buttermaker, $35 and found; blacksmith, $30 and
fouud; 3 woodeboppers, redwood 70c, fine $1
cord: restaurant cook, $35; hotel Oaker, $35, and
others. Apply to J. F. C'RoSETI A CO., 628
Sacramento su
ANTED— WAITER. $10: WAITER, $25;
young man for restaurant, country. $20;
cook, French restrurait, $40; secon 1 cook, *30;
2 Japanese boys to cook and wait at table, $25 and
$10; buuer, $35: Indoor servant. $25. uud others,
at ANDRE'S, 308 Stockton st
WAITER, $20, COUNTRY. MISS CULLEN.
TT 833 Sutter su
COAT, VEST AND PANTS MAKERS WANT-
ed. Apply at 11 a- M at Steveiison-st. en-
trance to CHARLES LYONS', London Tailor, 721
Market sU
W*A N TE D — HARNESS -MAKER WITH
TT tools to repair 10 sets of team harness. Apply
brickyard, Harbor Y'iew.
2 MEN OF GOOD APPEARANCE: REFER-
*- encea and bond required. Call Friday morn-
ing at room 17, Do ■ oboe building, at 8:30 "o'clock.
4 GOOD BUSH ELM EN WANTED AT RA-
PHAEL'S, 9 Kearuy sU
WANTED— BARKER 81H FOURTH ST.
BARBER: SATURDAY AND SUNDAY .
must be experienced: no other. 241 Third st.
BARBER FOR SATURDAY. 627 SACRA-
mento st. "-.^"^
_) STEADY FIRST-CLASS COATMAKERS
_- for Seattle. Wash. 107 Sutter sU
AS FOR SECOND WORK, BOAROING-
bouse; small wages; good home. 901 Battery.
BUSHBLMAN WANTED AT 341 KEARNY
sireeu
WANTEIi — PAPER-HANGER ISO . OAK
I I su; 2p. it.
STEADY BUSHELMAN WANTED. IN-
quire 416 McAllister st., flat 1.
AILOR WANTED ON COATS. 1044 HOW-
urd su .
ELIABLE MAN, WITH $25, TO ASSIST IN
a matrimonial oureau. 131 Montgomery, r. 16.
— . 1
"WANTED— GOOD SOBER SHOEMAKER AT
TT 335 GoughsU
PARTNER WANTED IN RESTAURANT
business. 234 O'Farrell si.
9"_c), MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— _!__ U wan. ads taken for THE CALL.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
P. C. Barbers' Assn. 8 FUCHS, 325 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BARI.ERis'- KM PLOY _____»-_ .'
secretary .11. BERNARD. 102 t-eveutn su
FIRST-CLASS TAILORS ON LADIES' CLOTH
coats and suits; apply Immediately. H
LIEBES & CO., 133-135 Pos. St.
TEADY" MAN TO ASSIST IN TAKING
orders In store and collect; experience not nec-
essary; must bave $160 cash and be satisfied with
$18 per week to start. 777 Markets!., room 7.
TWO MEN WITH $5 EXPENSE MONEY CAN
secure permanent positions in country town.
Apply at 9 Geary at , room 2.
1 __7 NINTH ST. -BRANCH OFFICE OF
Ivi TH* Call; subscription and want ads.
taken.
\\r ANTED— MAN WHO UNDERSTANDS
TT gardening, poultry, care horses and cows. Ap-
ply W. CLAUSEN, room 17, 1003 Vi Broadway,
Oakland.
OAKLAND. 16c BARBERSHOP; CENTRAL
location; sickness cause Of selling. M. X.,
tox 11, Call Office, Oakland.
JAPANESK CONTRACTOR YVHO CAN FUR-
O nlsh Japs. Address X , box 19, Call.
I/TRsT-CLASS LADIES' TAILOR WANTED.
•T BOWJIAY, 504 Sutter
9". 4 .'__ MISSION* ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
—•'— '> Tun cau.; bubscripuuiu and waut ada
taken. /
90() HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE !
OOU call: subscriptions and want ads taken.
WANTED- MAM OF BUSINESS ABILITY
TT to represent liquor-house; must have good
referenda c. L.. box 168. Call.
VV' ANTED— MAN YVITH $150 To ACT AS '
TT treasurer of variety company going on the
road. Man ger, C. R , box 95, Call Office.
Ij-IRis'T-CLASS BARBERS FURNISHED BY
-T International Union Free Employment Bureau,
34 Fourth su, ihe Modern. I. LESS, Secretary.
DINNER YV'AITKR AND DISHWASHER.
116 Turk sU. rear; call after 8 a. if.
OQQ HAVES eT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
OOU lMa call; subscriptions and want ads
taken. **'
LADII-S' SOLING. J.SC: MEN'S SOLING, 60c;
fine shoes made $2 up. - 662 Mission st. .
9_._._. rAIR - ANOTHER LOT Mcl SHOES,
*-\.MJV- been damaged by water, at less than one-
fourth their value, from 76c up to $2 60. 662
Mission su, bet. Fiist and second.
SW. COR SIXTEENTH •_"_, NEAR MISSION:
branch cffice of TH* Call, Subscriptions and
want ads taken. , • -. , :
ELCHO HOi;-i-_ hcll'l^ MARKET ST.— a.-_<a/j4cS
- 20c. 25c 10 600 i.ii .11 » 1 10 $2 week.
r-Y-J AloMi_c»_ilEttY a... BRANCH OFFICE
• '—3 cii uk call,- want ads mmm auoacxiptioos
taken. -
THE ROSED ALE t2l ELLIS— CHEA PEMT
and best lodging-house north of Market su
Y\* ANT-.1.-I.A BORER . AND MECHANIC,
TT 10 know that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprie-
tor. _ 111 nos Denver Roost. 217 Third su : __•_
large rooms: '-6c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
*]_)*< '•'Ma*, want*. 100 __U_J_ to _.et nor-
XJ. lie beer or Ino6c : Hes: ir»« lunch. 643 Clay.
BE--T IN* CITT— SINGLE ROOMS, li. 20 AND
25 rent* per night: $1. $1 26. $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and 1 <■ idradorrt sis.
i()(. >i*KN TO TAKE L.-1-..iNu AA' 10ft I*J
JVC" and -.pea nlgnu including coffee aiu rods.
124 Washington au. near Kearnr. '.
SINGLE III.UMS 100 AND 15c NIGHT. 600
and 75c week. Undell House, sixth and Uowad.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— MEN TO LEARN BARBER
trade: shops, tools, positions furnished; 8
weeks required. S. F. Barber College, 1 38*/ a Eighth.
Ak, ANTED.TOCOLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR-
TT ersaclerks KNOX Collection Agcv, 110 Sutter.
"IRY ACME Hc.C>r_. tr'jl MARKET ..!.. BK-
X iow tixtn. ior a room: '.i<c- a night: $1 a wee.;.
OOMS. 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT; 60c TO $1 60
• per week. Oriental,' 225 Drumm su .
VV' ANT Alls AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
*T Th* Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sta.
WANTED— SINGLE BOOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
»T week: rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 60 » wee*;
reading-room: dally papers. b6 Clay su '
IV," INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. ST.. NR
TT Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading
room: tree bus and ta -race to and from the terry.
AGENTS WANTED.
IADY AND GENT AGENTS: HOUSE TO
Xj house canvassing. 420 Montgomery, room 20.
AGENT!-— A BOOK WRITTEN BY GEN-
eral Miles, commander-in-chief of the United
States army; lull ot intereaiing Indian experi-
ences by the great Indian fighter; one agent's
commissions over $40 the first 2 days. F.PER-
SON. Mgr. Subscription Depaitment, The Whita-
ker A Ray Company, 723 Market st. -
AGENTS— A CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA
map; test: laic.it; you can coin money. F
PERSON, M_r. Subscription Depu, The Whitaker
A Ray Co., 723 Market sU
LADIES TO HANDLE THE FAMOUS BEAU-
J tillers, Egrptlan Enamel, Medicated Cerate.
BUTLER. 131 post st
WANTED-MISOELLANEOUB.
SECOND-HAND '96 BICYCLE; GOOD CON-
dition. E. M., 219 Powell st.
Vs' A NT E D— SECOND-HAND BHELVING
TT and sliding doors: also showcases, candy Jars
and icecream freez-rs. Address P. 0., box 207,
Cloverdale. CaL
TA* ANTED— SPRING WAGON IN EX-
TT change for house and sign painting, whiten-
ing, etc. 421 Vlcksburg su
ELL YOUR BOOKS. NOVELS AND CLOTH-
ing to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth St.; send postal.
WANT ED-GOOD BICYCLE FOR LOT
TT (clear). B , box 82, CalL
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT. W.
MUND, watchmaker and jeweler, 226 Ellis sU
BUILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, HASHES.
Xt doors, mantels, etc.. for sain 1168 Mission v..
EDUCATIONAL.
ANDERSON'S ACADEMY AND SCHOOL OF
Mathematics: pupils prepared In dar and
evening classes and by private lessons for Calior-
nia and Stanford universities; teachers.' marine
engineers' and civil service examinations; special
ev'g classes; mathematics, mechanical drawing;
high school pupils coached- It., 402 Parrot*, bids;.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1215 Octavla st., san Francisco.
Miss ELIZA MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Bay l. am, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the School of Oratory, Philadelphia, Pa„
teacher. Office daya. Friday p. it.. Saturday a. m.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering: 20 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening seaslons; catalogue.
AY" RES'. THE LEADING COLLEGE 32-
Montgomery at.: Individual Instructloa 11 ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
lite scholarship $59 low rates ncr week and mo.
BELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and MkL
NOINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC
Jci vU. mining, survey, assay, archlt., X ray
tauKht; ea.188 4. A. VAN DER NAILLEN.933 Mkt
SINGING, Y'OICE CULTURE, PARIS GRAD-
uate; French, Ger. laag.: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
BOOKKPNO. WRUNG. ARITHMTC. GRAMR
day Anight: no classes: $5 mouth. B*s Mission.
BANJO CGHT To BEGINNERS, 25 CENTS
per lesson. Address a., box 76, Call Office.
GUITAR MANDOLIN." PIANO AND VOCAU
I leasons. $_ mo. Mary Westhaus, 39 Fifth.
ÜBSCBIPTIONs AND WANT ADS FOR TUX
Call taken at branch ottlue_ __.____> Hayea au;
open until 9:30 o'clock
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARK YOU ABOUT TO PURCHASE A PIANO?
We sell them for $3, $4, $5. $8, $7. $8. $9. $10
per month; also for cash; the best makers of every
grade; don't pay rent when the aame monthly
payments will purchase one from us. SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., cor. Kearny and Suiter sis.. Stein-
way dealers. : *>..;.
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
houso west of Chicago Is KOHLER A
CHASE'S 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell a;.; pianos, or-
gans and all oilier musical Instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy: prices lowest:
everything possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN PI-
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anos; monthly payments from $5 up; deliv-
ered free with stool and cover; correspondence
solicited. THE F. W. SPENCER COMPANY",
salesrooms 933 Market au, opp. Mason; eatatt
llshed over 20 years.
BONA FIDE REDUCTION IN PRICES—
Haines. Knabe, Bush A Gerts and others: sec*
ond-hand pianos from $100 up. YV. C. HAMIL-
TON, successor to A. 1- Bancroft & Co., 324 i'OsU
BEAUTIFUL $500 WALNUT DECKER A
Son npritht, good as new, for $290 cash.
MAC. 'AIS. 769 .Market sU
I,* INK STEINWAY $175; WEBER 5250:
X' Hurdmati $330: each cue a bargain. THE J.
DEWING CO., second floor, Flood building.
HAW, STEIN WaY, $250; CHICKERING.
$185; bargains, $4 a mouth; a nice -mail up-
right. $95; rent $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis su
__1 O^ RO DOERS' CABINET GRAND
X — "J. Kranken: bargains HORNUNo.2I6Post
ABRUENN PIANO: WILL CHARM YOU;
see it before you buy. 228 Post su •f^.gg
TVJEARLY NEW BABY' GRAND STEINYV AY;
i-T great bargain. 1021 Van Nets aye. .
RARE CHANCE; GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbemia Bank
AT SHERMAN. CLAY di. CO.'a ONLY WALL
you find a stock of new steinway pianos*
WO. BADGER SOLE A 'ENT FORHALLKT
'.A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 sacta
BYRON MALZY. _0h F-...T ST.— >UH-I_. .
New by <fc Evans. Brig.s aud other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLD* NEW
i li. MULLER maker, repairer. 2 ham place.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
GAS-ENGINE: YVONDERFULLY POWER-
fuI: 3-h. p. Hercules: consuming very little
gas; can be seen running at 14 Halleck st. J.
GABRIEL "''.::.
OLITAIRE DIAMOND RING YV'EIGHING
SOLITAIRE DIAMOND RING YVEIOHING
.-■'•.* karats; $165. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant
-1 FRESH COWS: RICH MILK: 4 AND 6 GAL
mC lons a day cxc.i ; gentle. 1312 FoUom su
r\f\l\ BRO%v N LEGHORN CHICKS, 10c
_)UU each. 1213 Valencia st.
W" ALLPAPER. 4C: INGRAINS, 9C: PAPER-
TT hanging, painting. AIE RIG AN, 1302 Webster.
-1 7-HO USE-POWER ENGINE, 1 4-HORSr..
J power engine, with oiler, gas-engine, lathes,
planers and simpers. 616 Sixth st.
&Q<) AEROMOTOR YVINDMII.L AND 2000-
-«***".«. U. gallon lank in good condition, inge.her
with galvanized piping for sa.o Apply of the
owner, 3824 Nineteenth st.
PlI'K ORGAN FOR SALE CHEAP; SUITA-
b'e for church. Addrees P. 0., box 21, Call
Office.
ODA ' FOUNTAIN FOR SALE A HEAP—
Tufts' make: 16 places for syrup, 4 for mineral
water, 2 for soda: large Freocn-plate mirror and
electric lights: cost $1100, for $600. Apply
PKAISEH A BEW, Drugstore, Alameda. * .
bAKS. BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
XJ cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
(tore and office furniture aud fixtures, new and
second hand. J. K< ONAN, -*iui».-:u_;i-Juij
Mission su, above Sixth.
I*<OE SALE— 22-FOOT SLOOP YACHT; COM-
-T plete; skiff and moorings. 08 First su
SAFES— NEW AND SECOND- 609
Market su ____B£gM_T___29l|
-FOOT PORCELAIN BAI HVCBB $10 EACH;
L* in perfect order. H. 8. YVHi'* , E, 516 Mission
|jO_A_Kß3,ENl_i_\_<_..,_.D-__.ANi_ MACHINERY
XJ water-pipes. Mclmosn & Woipman. 137 Beale.
C.OrrEE MILL SCALES. LETTER I'KESA
J stand desk, money till, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
I.AKS SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. BHELV-
J ' Ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
LARGE DOUBLE COMPART a' coin
bank safe; clieac Mission su ; '->,*•_;.
"V* W ELMYVOODRANGKS ARE THE BEST.
AM W. 8. RAY MFG. CO. 12 California au •
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
1110 and burglar proof safe 109-11 1 Market su
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNKLI, 1206 MARKET; REa
2864 25th su; diseases of women a specialty.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
Q-'.OO handsomely fitted up ba-
-tPOITU. loon; entrance on two slre-Hs: 4 rooms;
bargain.'. Apply to W. F. HEALY', 917 Market.
Ctf-OO GREAT BARGAIN; CORN
UU. liquor saloon: leading business street
off Markei: ccsh register, safe, etc. W. F.
HEALY-. 917 M-.r-.etsU
C.l "-.A RESTAURANT. NEAR 8. P. R. R.
"UP * vv. depot: 4 living-rooms: great bargain; on
account or departure. HEALY, 917 Market at.
Ot "] fjr\ RESTAURANT AND COFFEE PAR-
tir J tO. Iors; Markei, su; clearing $75 per
month: this is a bargain. HEALY". 917 Market su
TJKSTAURANT; NO. 1 LOCATION: BACRI-
-IV fice: good business. BaRRETT,B7 MaikeU
See Barrett & basile. 873v_, market
>0 st.. for one of the be. i bargains In cigar-stand,
candy, notion-stores In the city.
-3*91 A BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, NO-
*_>-— TV., tion store- norih Market; receipts $7 a
day; low rent. BARRETT A Co., 873 L-, AlarKeU
BARGAIN: LUNCH WAGON; BEST COR-
I-»iier: good bus. BARRETT & CO. ,8731*4 Markeu
IF YOU WANT TO BUY A
Manufactuiing business, <
Men. imt le business,
Try-goods business.
' Drugstore business,
Meat market business,
Livery stable business,
Grocery-store business,
French liquor business, saloon, hotel, etc., call
and see GEO. STEWART A Co., 632 Market st.
'ft'.'.O COFFEE SALOON* AND RESTAU-
-JpcijcLli'c-. rant; run by present owner 13 years:
flne location: reasonable rent; receipts $18 per
day; clears $75 per month. GEO. STEWART ft
CO., 632 Market st.
.s'_7 _ OLDEST. CORNER OROCERY AND
iSpO 10. bar: 4 living-rooms; good stead y trade;
cwner wants io retire. Ap. YVILKE, 783 Market.
TH LARGEST, THE BEST LOCATED. THE
most money making branch bakery, stationery.
t.ncy grocery and candy store of this city for sale;
owner to make trip to Europe; living rooms; no
trlflers need to Inquire. WILKE. 783 Market st.
CC*"! 900 CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
"■"JI X,J~UU. with 4 iving rooms; choicist loca-
tion in Mission; a straight, genuine Al paying
business, wilke. 783 Market su
.fc.d-00 aoo *> PAYING SALOON ON EAST
"UflUlT. St., opposite the Oakland ferry; a bar-
gain. Apply WILKE, 783 Market st.
__ -i'.O BRANCH BAKERY WITH 3 LlV-
■_)___»-*■. Ing-rooms: rents_2; a genuine good
business offer: dally receipts $14: kept by owner
for years: rarest chance. YVILKE, 783 Market au
f.T'.O DUNCH AND CHOP HOUSE: ES-
«__) I OU. tabiished years; patronized by mer-
chants and brokers: money-making place; no
Sunday or night work. WiLKE, 78.* Market st.
.K'-.'.0 CORNER BARROOM: CHOICEST
«__pO«JU. downtown location: doing a flrst-class
paying business: low rent; investigate at once;
you will find No 1 burgalu. WILKE, 783 Market
QnOO MINERS, ATTENTION — ORA VEL
*_"_)•. vY'. mine, _»] Dorado Co.. Wildcat Creek: j
covering 40 acres gold-hearing grave.; flrst-class
paying claim. Particulars WILKE. 783 Markeu
•ss.-.-'-O CIGAR-STORE AND BILLIARD
■_*pU-» _**. hall, wlih 2 fine tables, fixtures and
stock of goods: actual value $1200: lively country
town; must be sold this week. Call WILKE, 783
Market su
ffi""l TPL FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STORE: THE !
<iDX, to. best location near Market su: fine fix-
tures: large patronnge; owner has other buainess.
Apply WILKE, 783 Market St.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS QUICK FOR
cash see STRAND <fc RICHARDS, 1118 Mar-
ket st.
--.IT- RESTAURANT, NR. CITY HALL;
_, -X O. pays well. STRAND & RICHARDS,
1118 Market st.
9>*_o DINING PARLOR: FREE RENT;
_r_-_» U. great bargain. STRAND A RICH-
ARDS, 1118 Market eL
-5.-400 SALOON; CONNECTED WITH
»_. n.UU. lodging-house of 200 rooms and large
livery stables, worth double: must sell on ac-
count of sickness. STRAND A RICHARDS
1118 Market _■■______■ ',-<•'
< -.'. _o PRIVATE DINING PARLOR; N.
tptjOU. of Market St.; doing a good business;
great bargain: on account of departure: see this
offer; free renU STRAND A RICHARDS. 1118
Market su
•S.'-.'-O CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
_)"«"• good stock, fixtures, safe: no opposi-
tion: great bargain. BTRAND A RICHARDS,
1118 MarKet su
Q'-.O OYSTER AND CHOP HOUSE IN
•jpOU cf. vicinity of wholesale houses, etc.: old
established business: doing an excellent paying
business; selling on account of otter business;
rare cnance. M, LESS, 6 Fourth sU: ,
CjOXfJ BALOON; FINELY LOCATED:
<ip£.OU. cheap rei t; rood fixtures: well stocked;
4 living-rooms; worth $600; owner going East. M.
LES?,S Fourth su
__tl 000 RESTAURANT; NEAR NEW
__PI_"TJ _». City Hall; magnificently furnished:
secures Inches prices: has an exceptionally flne
class of custom: present owner there 4 yea- re-
ceipts $12i.0 monthly. M. Lt-.ss, 5 Fourth au
Q9QOO HOTEL WITH SO WELL FUR-
■i]?-- Ov/U. nished rooms: the only ho.ci ln one
of the most prosperous towns of its size In the
Stale; photograph at my ollice. M. LESS, 5
Fourth su ..--
CHANCE FOR CITY CANVASSER TO MAKE
J money on sNe. GEO. WHEELER, 9.16 Market.
WAST TO TRADE STORE BUILDINO,
»* blacksmith-shop and 4 acres of ground In
country town for ouslness or lodging-house in city.
GfcO. WHEELER. 906 Markei sU
-_*■. 00 CANDY-STORE AND FACTORY:
"J?* — vv. good location: fine trade: rent only
$20. GEO. WHEELER, 906 Market St.
cOQ-A I'AYINO DINING HALL: INVES-
*ff£OU. ti, ate. GEO. WHEELER, 906 Market.
*-l_'/*.OO CORNER GROCERY" WITH
iJ-JUU. gant appointments; full stock of [
choice groceries, delicacies, family liquors, cigars,
etc.: the location is AL being right In the heart of
the city: including new delivery wagon and flne
norse: cater to the finest class of trade. WINS-
TON A THOMAS, 6.6 Market at.
©QKfV SALOON FOR SALE.
•JCUU, Fine trade; large stock: fixtures cost
$1600; must be sold. DECKER, 1020 Market Ist.
.-•.OfM*. WILL. SECURE A CLEAN BUSI-
tP O UVIU ness: strictly legitimate: yielding !
$3000 to $4000 a year; ln good running shape; of
19 years' standing; present owner desires to re- !
tire; none but responsible parties need apply. Ad-
dress 1, C, box 79, Call Office.
BARGAIN: MILK DEPOT WITH 1 LIVING-
room: mnstbe sold on account of departure:
no reasonable offer refused. WINsTON A
TH AS, 046 Market SU
CANDY' MEN, ATTENTION.
The handsome and well-stocked candy-store
and fa- tor v. 427 Kearny su, will be sold to the
highest bidder at 12 o'clock coon to-day, Apr.l 30.
OLD-EST A HUSHED CORNER GROCERY
and bar: big business; sells 20 half-barrels
beer week: long leaje. REIDY, 1027 Market su
ALOON, CHEAP. ON ACCOUNT Dr.PART-
ure; central location; bears investigation. In-
quire Albany Brewery.
OR SALE-STAR AND GARTER saloon.
X 1 187 Fifth St.; established 1886; 3 living-rooms-
no agenU # "- •
OLD DRESSMAKING ESTABLISHMENT
for sale on account of leaving for Europe. Ad-
dress 51. 8., box 105. Ca.l.
QTOC SALOON FOR SALE IF BOUGHT
._.____-.. to-day: great bargain. 113 u'Farrell
su, near theaters.
FOR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; OWNER
X selling on account of sickness. 240 Minna at.
■__»97e\ CORNER SALOON AND MILK DE-
-Cs— 10. cjjou 335 Fourth sU
OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON: CENTKAL
location; cheap rent; good siock liouor; bar-
gain. CARTAN MCCARTHY, 312 Jackson st.
$1 '.O PARTNER WANTED-IN LIGHT
-*p l OW. busines. exclusive line on the co.st:
profits Immense; trade lame: more than double tbe
business tan be done by the assistance of a steady
reliable man; must be satisfied with $18 a week
to start. 9 Geary, room 2. ;
GOLD QUARTZ MINE FOR SALE; $13,000.
VJ part on time: in operation; 10-stamp mill;
3 Triumph concentrators; free waier power;
hoisting works, shop., boarding-bouse and other
buildings: flue ledge: shaft and tunnels read*- to
slope ore; value in sight; barg. ln: c_n be made
very large property by extending. Address M.,
box 60, CalL
■ft. l'.O SALOON; OLD - ESBT'D PLACE;
VD"OU. best loot ion lv city: owner Is there 3
years: also 4 rooms Including furniture. 2 store-
rooms, fine yard; owner other business. 617 sac.
SI Kfl SALOON: no D STOCK AND FiX-
OU. mres: family troubles; mu.-t se.l. In-
quire 259 Third su
\\ r ANTED— PARTNER WITH $200;' GOOD
*» pos tion; pays $300 or $400 per month. Call
113*V_ Foi&om su, irom 10 10 2 o'clcck
BARGAIN-MILLINERY' STORE MUST BE
sold. Inquire room 9, Phelan building. 8 to
lv a. H. - . . ____---■
Ol 100 GROCERY AND BAR; FINE
_pLL CM/, »;ock: nice family trade. Apply Call.
CORNER SALOON; ON ACCOUNT OF DE-
J pauure; no agenta Z.. box 50, Call Office.
GOoD LOCATION. CIGAR-STAND, WITH
VJ flxtu;e_; rent $10. 1405 Polk St. ,
-IT hSI'AU KANT; FINE LOCATION: CHEAP-
Ai good place ior two. 324 Larkin au - v *
BRANCH BAKERY. NOTION AND _TA-
tionery; good place; cheao, make offer. 449
, Guerrero su • > ...
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
HIGHEST CASH PRICES PAID FOR FURNl-
ture, reslauranu saloon fixtures and grocer?
stocks. STENBERG. 632 Market: teL main 1043.
S-i _->■- PARTNER IN FIRST-CLASS U'E-\
I _-0 ". cream and candy store and factory: I
wholesale and- retail; factory full, equipped for v
large trade: money to be used In business. STEN-
BERG A CO., 632 Markei st. _
_»<___-_ BRANCH BAKERY. NOTION ETC.:
mWKt. good location; rent $11; present owner
here 6 years. s'i'ENBKRG A CO., 632 Market su
_> a -r. UNDRY ROUTE, A RING
»c"TrOU. $100 k month: good horse and wagon;
trial given. STEN BERG A CO., 632 Markei st.
ELIABLE MAN TAKE FULL CHA RGE OF
branch business: has been conducted by pres-
ent owner 20 years; will clear at leasi *18 per
week to start with: certainty of Increase; must
have $150 cash. 777 Msrktt St., room 7.
G!Of\l\ HALF-INTEREST IN PRINTING^
-J»ct_v'U. house co.ting -.3600; Inside man pre-
ferred to hired help, remaining partner is good
drummer. B_, box 79. Call Office.
c-onnn half INTEREST in profita-
■tTOU UW. ble wholesale and retail business;
bigprrfits: none but principals need answer. D. t
box 147, Call. ' .""".'
(juonn SALOON AND LODGING-HOUSE;
c__.Dc/l_. rent free; good reasons for selling; see
this bargain to-day. 45 Third si.
1""OR RENT— OLD ESTA HED BUTCH
' shop; fixtures and good trade: flne opportunity.
North Beach Market, 813 Greenwich
-_.ll.__n HAY. GRAIN, WOOD AND COAL
ci-pJOUU. business: must sell: cause, sickness-
Address R. 0., box 101. Call Office.
OLD ESTABLISHED BAKERY" FOR SALE:
shop business ; no wagon- Address C* X., box
98. Call Office. ;■'::■ ./' j . ..*- •
RESTAURANT FOR SALE CHEAP; CEN-
tral location: owner leaving town; no reason-
able offer lefused. J. R, box 88, Call Office.
"Ij-OR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; NO OP-
-T position: cheap. Inquire Call Oflice.
\\T ANTED— A PARTNER TOGO PROSPECT-
TT Ing. Apply 214 Franklin st. ''■*.-»,■;
OR SALE CHEAP— OYSTER AND CHOP
bouse; leaving for Greece. 344 Third su
BUTCHER BUSINESS; $2000: FINEST
fitted: horses, wagons, refrigerator; $7b ca.h
trade dally. L. box 60, Call Ollice. ._ v
STATIONERY. NOTIONS, CANDY AND ~
cigar store; 6 rooms: good place for man and
wife; tor sale cheap. 2002 Mason sU
fl__zlOO GROCERY AND BAR: 6 LIVING-
tip'xUU. rooms; rent $35. Inquire Huernla
Brewery.
-8.700 SALOON AND 9 FURNISHED
«jn I UU. rooms: best business corner N. of Mar-
ket su; clears $150 per month; on account of
death. EL, box 65. this office.
_*»-"000 BEST MILK BUSINESS IN THE
«3plvfWU. city: store and route: chance for
man and -rife to clear $160 per month. M. 11 ,
box 67, this office.
XT' OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— PARTNER FOR
X: Eastern and California beer bottling business.
712 Fourteenth at., near Market: 3 to 6 p. it.
GENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
Eastern young lady. Room 5, first floor, 850
Market su
MILK KOUTE; 90-GAL. TRADE; 2 HoRsES,
wagon, cream separator, cans, etc; all in
good condition. 159 second su
"L* OR SALE— A GOOD PAYING GROCERY.
JO variety, bakery and candy store; established
12 years Apply at 811% Bryant st.
BARGAIN: CANDY -STO i-E. SODAWATER.
Icecream parlor; good reason for selling. Ad-
dress 408 c McAllister st. -. •. a*:
(Jjjn/Y SALOON* FOR SALE: OLD ESTAB-
-35_:V'"l. . llshed place: no night work. Appy
Call Office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED SALOON CENTRALLY
located, opposite City nail; low rent. Apply
McLEOD ft U ATJE, 515 Market aU
TTESTAURANT TAKING IN $10-5*15 A DAY
XX will be sold for $200. 145 Fifth su
OOD PAYING BUSINESS; GROCERY AND
bar; barement attached. 1501 Powell su,
cor. Vallejo.
Ij-OR SALE —SACRAMENTO AGENCY OF
-T this paper. For particulars Inquire Call Office.
ORTLAND AGENCY THIS PAPER. I>T
quire this office or at 133 Third su, Portland,
Oregon.
TMN'E EXPRESS TEAM AND WAGON;
X must be sold at once. 211 Larkin au
ITY -IOUT-i tun, ______ APPLY THI-J
office. ,-. . ' . .. . v. ;'.. ; ;..
BUTCHER-SHOP TO. . LKT; FIXTUKKB;
Western Addition. 1208 Scott sU, near Eddy;
key upstairs.
OUNG LADY' OF MEANS "VAST-. GENTLE-
i man partner: small capital. 120 _£ Geary, r. 2.
C-C |llll^ ll ' llll ' llllll '^"'^ l| C'C^ ll '' | C | ' l| C™ wl 'C''CCCC | C^CCCll^^^^^WM^BCCW^
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
-1 A-ROOM HOUSE, CORNER - $300
x\J 8-room new flau best In city ' 80 )
108-room house, clearing $350 6 000
13 rooms on Eddy st. 650
19 rooms on Post sU, fine 1,000
60- room house on Finest., rent $85 2,000
12 rooms on Van Ness aye., only 1,400
10 looms, cor. O'Farrell st 350
17-room bouse on Sixth street 650
21'- room boarding house, $350 cash 900
10 rooms, sunny corner, cost $800, price. 350
7-room house, only. 250
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market su, opp. Fifth.
-JJ-TOX 14 ROOMS O.". HYDE ST.. NEAR
0----"J- Jackson; bargain. DECKER, 1080
Market su
TTOR CASH, PART CASH OR EXCHANGE.
X 1 10 rooms: fine, new furniture $600
17 rooms on sixtn su, cheap 650
17 rooms: part cash goo
20 rooms; well furnished; rent $45 1,000
33 rooms, clearing $100; pari cash ........ 800
For sale by GEO. WHEELER, 9-6 Market st.
-__17-_ HO USE 16 ROOMS; WELL FUR-
-B)_"! I O. nished; baths; fine location: rents4..-
-c ears $60 month. STRAND A RICHARDS, 1118
Market st.
TO BUY OR SELL A LODGING-HOUSE SEE
STRAND A RICHARDS, 1118 Market sL
$1 -T.A CASH, AND BALANCE ON TIME;
«_) IOU newly furnished hcnse of 23 rooms.
WINSTON A THOMAS, 646 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE —9 j ROOM>: NEATLY
furnished; this week only $100. 368 Minna
St., near Tifth.
._7 r 0 HOUSE OF 26 ROOMS; BEST LOCA*
t\J) I OU. tlou on Mark St.; a rare bargain;
owner is leaving for Europe. YVILKE. 783 Markeu
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENTIRE STOCK T. H. .NELSON, DECEASED,
now being sacrificed to close estate: household
furniture every description, new and 2d-hand: pos-
itively below cost; genuine closing ouu 126 4ih.
OAK BEDROOM SET FOR SALE CHEAP.
417 i owell st.
SAVE MONEY*— BUY FURNITURE FROM
Buckingham Fur. Co., 868 Mission; advances.
HOUSEHOLD RANGES ARK THE BEST
JOHN F. MEYERS CO.. 947 Market su
FUBNITUKG WANTED.
AT INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY. KB-
moved to 1171 Mission sU. near Eighth tele-
phone Mint 1393. you get highest cash i .aid for
merchandise, furniture, art goons, pianos, libraries
BEST PRICKS FOR FURNITURE, MDSE..
eta STREET* CRESWELL Auctioneers.!..-.
Market au rm.316. Houses bought in their entirety.
11-iURMTURE, STOVES CARPI- TS. COUN-
X tera showcases .\>DERSt»N'. 1121 Markeu
CARPET CLEANING.
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEANING CO., 40.1
Butter: teL Statu 394. GEO. YV ALCOM, prop.
CITY STEAM CARPET-CLEANING WORKS-
cleans, moves, ays carpets- G. H. STEVEN'S
Mgr.. 38 and 40 eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
J WaTTs, reliable carpet-cleaiuug renovig. alfr-
. ation works. 413 McAllister. TeL Jessie 83 L
CARPET-CLEANING, 3c: LAYING, Sc; RUG
samples free: teL jessie 944. Strattoi, 38th su
ARRETS CLEANED. RENOVATED LIKE
VJ new. J. MCQUEEN. 4S3 Sievenaon. TeL 8.228.
lA HEN YOU BECOME DIsGCSTED WITH
tt poor work M -"- to SPAU LDI NO'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beatln_; Works. 353-67 Tehamt su; teL So. 4Jt
_ ___** *I» CLEANED ft RENOVATED LIKE
V-^new. -^3 lenth; tei. South 36. Mackintosh & Co.
JSIM?HEy aMU OARPET-CUEANINO CO..
. .40 14th ; cleaning 3c a yard. TeL Mia 74.
C°_._ C^ I : V -* CARPET- BEATING WORK*.
\J add Golden Gate ava 'Telephone East 126.
"""^^^ "^^ *-^ --------^-----'- --^ - l -- l^^^''■ ll -■■■■■^^^^^^■■■■■■'ccllllll^^^^^^^^^.^
BICYCLES.
BARGAINS IN A FEW SECOND-HAND
blcyc.ealn good condition: ladles, gents and
children. Bicycle depu. YVhlte sewing Machine
Co., cor. Ellis and Mason sts.
ALMOST NEW $80 CRESCENT BICYCLE
for sale for $20. 461 Valencia »U -
COLUMBIA LADY'S BICYCLE TO EX-
change for furniture or household goods. bb6
Miss. 0:1 su ■ ■
tT^NDEMS, ' 96" PATTERN, GOOD AS NEW,
AsiO and upward: bargains In second-hand
•".heels. Golden. Ru e Bazaar cyc.e department,
26 Geary au ' ~ ""HOUSES TO LET.
tl>. HOUSE OF Bid KOOin TO
■«_ J. _* ■ leu 249 Clara st , bet. Fifth and Sixth.
_____"* ''^-r ll KOOJIS; FINE ORDER; RENT i
aa cheap. 247 Stevenson st., bet-Third and Fourth i
*> l i?_* Y .___t'_- 5 -- 6 ROOMS; BATH; RENT!
■O $18- 1706 Baker st.
"YIODERN HOUSES. S AND 10 ROOMS, AT
* l reduced rents: in perfect order,: keys at prem-
ises. C>a_ and Laguna sta
VEAT HOUSE OF 6 ROOM-. LARGE YARD. |
-^ 1-051 3 Golden Gate avt_.-. key at 1205.
<• ') XI) ELEGANT HOCSE OF 6 ROOMS I
'- ——. Ot'. and bah. all newly painted and !
papered throughout. 9jlb Howard at.
"DENT REDUCED -SU N N V MODERN i
XX. house. 6 rooms, baih, laundry, servant's r-oai; :
pei feci order. NW. cor. Pine and La; una sts.
4.07 EELL_HOUs_ OF 6 ROOMS. BATH,
tOl large yard and cellar.
* . ■ |
"VICE halt- 1 HEAP. BY THE MONT _OR
— > nigh!. E. HILL. 997 Mar-e: st.
-)19'_> Mason, near lombap.d-s-room '.
— T-O house an', bath; newly renovated: rent !
$15: rent free till first of month.
•__ i a House 5 rooms. 1-3.) pine ST.; ;
0 • O. tailor can pay rout with work.
HOUsr.s TO RENT toi; VERY LITTLE
money >t BALDWIN" __ HOWELL'S, 10 ,
. Montgomery st. ;
1 »")0"l BU«H - sUNN HOC-*-: 9 BOOMS:
i —J.\ ' yard: ren'. rc-aic-nxole <. a rood tenant.
FURNISHED HOUSES
SUITE ELEGANTLY FURNISHED PAR.
lors, plana bath; marine view; useof Kitchen;
no chm-'ri n: $15- 3'- Y'lcksburg «'., near Taeuty-
third. j
mo D—KLKOANT MODERN
X cottage of ri rooms: bath and basement. 1936
Eddy !>'., feet. I>evic.adero and Broderick.
-po" LKT— FURNISHED MODERN >CNNY*
i rner flat 5 rooms and bath. Apply on the
] J reiTi , - » '. 138 Haight mv -
I UKNISHED FLATS.
TO LET. FURNISHED— ELEGANT MODERN
cottage of 6 rooms: bath an basement. IWSo
Eddy ii. , be:. Devlsadero and Broderick.
CMALL FURNISHED FLAT WANTED DUR-
-0 Ine owner's absence: its use for its care; beet
of care by adu'ta wTtbout eh; drea: good refer-
ences. Address 311 Van Ness aye.
•i -***"*? '".(. POR ADULTS: 4c OMFUKTABLK
. '_ — ■_.. v.'. rooms: tath; 2 be__: 2 3tovr_, gas
and coal. . 1917 Geary st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CJIA +----0.1 M: NEW; 114 CONGO ST.,
• 1' '. - inny Side Tract: or sell. $50 down. $12
month. MCCARTHY COMPANY., 646 Market.
Til"*) MINNA. NR ELEVENTH— 4 AND 5
-LU I_. sunny rooms: folding doors: gas; vara; ,
rent $14 up.
aOC MODERN FLAT: t< BOOMS; BATH
•_—_>. lor _. families. 112? Howard st.
9 SUNNY MODERN COTTAGES: 5 ROOMS,
- bath, laundry- and basement: very convenient;
cheap. 1452 seventh aye. south, near Railroad-
ave. cars. Siiifl
/-*OTTAGKOF4sUN_N*Y BOOMS: BASEMENT.
V.' large chicke-i- yard, coops, etc.; I**.; blocks south
frjm terminus: Twenty-uiaih-ju electric- *-"»: rtni
-.". ; water free. 29 Harper s-
r-l A NICE SUN--- COTTAGE. FOR SMALL
_* I 'J. faml-y. 20 Johnston tve.. near G: ary-s'.
-cars.
-1 l willow ave -orr; AGE 3 ROOMS,
Oii mithor without stable .1110 Eddy.
QUNNY' COTTAGE. 4 IAKGFJ ROOMs. BASE-
k_ ment and yard. I^6l Fifteenth St., nr. Dolores.
TO LET- COTTAGE 5 OMa AND" BATH;
r.n: 518. 449 Bryant st.
, >VEi_K_ NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— Tli3 i
A WEEKLY CALL, la wrauaer. tor mailing.
FLATS TO LET:
T'PPER FLAT— -91SA GOLDEN GATE AYE.; .
C- 5 sunny rooais and bath: rent $2i
v- W. cor. pacific and HY DL __.-_■ La
-L . of 7 sunny rooms and ta h; larie yard.
i_jl"if. 5 ROOMS, BA-'-i AND YARD. 10-17
• 1". Post St.
j a SHOT*. N*B. -.-NTH— S SUN- ;
- ny roonus; bath; gas; tabs; reasonable.
QUNNY' -UPPER FLAT OF 6 ROOMS; JCaT i
0 r-o*.-.:-.'. CS_ " 4 Clementina st. j
BAY- WINDOW F'LVTOF 5 LA Re, R. OM-- !
modem Improvements; rent low. 1101 Bryant.' \
CI'NNY UPPER FLAT CF 3 ROOM- AND
cO bath: rent »15. 70J f:i',:s 9..
I 7 ELLIOTT P -XX, O. F aTEIN.-R, NF'AR
J I (_eary— 3 large sunny rooms, yard and cellar;
rent $12. Inquire 1911 ' .eary st-
H- FULTON — EXTRA FINE MIDDLE
— flat, 6 rooms and b^th: new: $30.
1 "\O~, Fifteenth ST., NEAR Howard—
_-' —•' New lower dar: 4 rooms ana bath: $16.
SI *) SUNNY FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS,
._ J— . bath, gas and yard. 392b Nineteenth st ,
between Noe and sancbez.
Ql - LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 5 BOOHS,
O-l*"' bath, gas; grand view. 1512 Castro St.,
near Tweaty-tfftJl; cars pjss the door.
*i« I o * SUNNY' rooms, MARINE view.
C *■". BW. cor. folk and Union sts.
O'li fIR-l. NEAR HARRISON (RINCON*
000 Hill)— Flat 3 large rooms: large yard.
.71.1t POST-a 4 AND 5 ROOM FEATS;
■I ' UU taiha: garden: rent $15.
1(1*11 El Lid ST. NICELY LOCATED M D- |
J-Ui. O em flat of 7 room- and oath : rent » - _5.
(< 1 A PLAT OF 4 LAROE ROOMs; YARD.
■V-L T. _. 4 Eleventh »_., near Howard.
QIC ' I'i'Ki: FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
_ iC . 26. ji— Pine ;t., abov- Van Ness aye.
BEAUTIFUL FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; BATH; I
J' stationary __sh tubs: largo yard. Apply
1521 Broadway or __J__AL__WAl___>, bl't'Kß^K '■
a CO
V*LW FLATS, 4 AND 5 BOOM-; $13 AND
X. $15: modern Improvements. -.666 Twenty-
second st.
91 qa O'Farrell near broderick— !
- -L_>_t fco_n;.- side: large 5-room flat, with batn j
acd other modern conveniences: has two large •
f'parate rear rooms: rent reduced 10 $20, must i
be seen to be* appreciated.
CHOICE UPPER FLAT: 7, OOMS; MODERN
improvements. 1710 Hyde st.
I'll/I ELM AYE.— 2 FLATs 3 AND 4 RO' c_l_,
1- 1 $6 and $7 month; wattr," yard. 1512 .
Golden Gate aye.
OtcOAK-S ROOMS. OK WILL SELL FUR- j
— O nl-.ure on easy payments.
DO YOU WANT A NEW FLAT OK COT- '
t__ge: cheap. See sPF.CK <__ CO.. 602 Mar.eu j
I-LATS TO LET FOR VEKY LITTLE
X money ai BALDWIN A KIEL'S, 10 Moni-
tomery su
— . _ I
Ql - LOWER FLAT: 543 CASTRO. NEAR
_. X O. 19th: 5 rcc.es; porcelain 0-th.
— — . . I
/-HEAP MODERN FLATs. I AND 6
V- rooms. Pm $16: .<»_. tn*-m. 523 -<ventt> sl. '
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH_»
-**V. WEEKLY CALL. in wranper. for maillnz.
— -^ — — ; ;
HOUfetKEEPINO BOOMS.
Buchanan street.
CAO BICHANA.N - -UN NY FURNISHED j
, -'"— front room for housekeeping, $6-
i-iii*- street.
CAQ ELLIS— 2 "SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS: ;
oo*- complete lor housekeeping.
Klltvood Street.
■nURNITURE- PS ROOMS; FLAT FOR SALE: •
rent cheap. 1 c, Eliwood st., ofl Mason, beu I
O'Fairel. and Geary.
ii.ii v, ree..
IA- FIFTH— PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR- j
i-U I nished rooms 10 let.
0 1 A FIFTH-LARGE SUNNY FRONT BED
■■1-4 room and kitchen; ba.n: no chi dreu: '
private; $11.
099 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED FOR
o—£. housekeeping; rente-heap.
Fillmore Street.
QIA 3 LARGE SUNNY" ROOMS TO SMALL
'. IU. tamily. 2212 Fillmore si., near Clay.
C.ulden Gate Avenue.
1 **-*.(-• GOLDEN OATE AYE.-4 F'URNISHBD
- •-' ' or unfurnished rooms, cheap: other rooms. j
*■-*,•>{ I "' ■I.IiKX GATE— LARGE SUNNY AL- 1
'■''-U cove; hot, cod water: single, $5 up: refs.
f*0() GOLDEN GATEAVE.-PARLOR FLOOR i
*-»*■'■ 3 rooms, sunny housekeeping, $23: also ;
other norns.
Hyde Street.
a HYDE - 3 SUNN Y. HOUSKKEEPINO
"rooms: private; fcatb; yard. j
! HOUSEKEEPINO 800-ltl — Contlaaed.
Howard Street.
__»9Q HOWARD -SICK! V FURNISHED !
i 0— «J rooms, single and double: gas and bath.
' nO\ HOWARD— FINELY FURNISHED 1
■ lU4 front rocmi and others: rent cheap.
1 '
-,• I 1 HOWARD — NICELY FURNISHED
i I UI 2 sunny, bay-window and others: reasona ,
< ble: man and witr,
i oaa_ HOWARD- FURNISHED ROOMS
i __UUQ for housekeeping: gas and bath.
«eaale stree..
tOO JESSIE— FRONT FURNISHED nOUSE- '
-iOO keeping rooms, *6: also single, cheap.
Lark in Street. .■."_!-■_
(11 Q LA'*KIN— ELEGANT SUNNY* SUITE' I
. Ul«" piano: kitchen; a.so 2 other rcoms: $12.
I . Martha Place.
3 MARTHA PLACE, ''FF GEARY-FRONT '
room, $8; 'ihonsegeeplng rooms, $12: single. M. |
McAllister Street.
-.J ft ■**»•«■* - FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
O~iU housekeeping; large yard.
79 MCALLISTER— NEWLY FURNISHED
1 I —■__ front rooms with housekeeping privileges.
**-iiiiia Stree;.
Jl 7 MINN A-2 OR 3 WELL FURNISHED
Tl I housekeeping rooms.
: A Z.A MINNA — 2 FURNISHED FRONT
— "-*''— rooms tor housekeeping: separate entrance.
- J^. MINNA— I LARGE SUNNY ROOM: j
O'tO light housekeeping: suitable man and wife f
or 2 gents
—
Mission Street.
Q.-Q MISSION-LARGE FRONT SUNNY !
_._"•_» room: light housekeeping: cheap.
Citn MISSION - _ FRONT ROOM . COM-
oil) plete to.- keeping; alsoolhers; cheap.
AT 7 MI-SION-BEDROOM ANu KITCHEN :
' yT i complete for housekeeping.
1 Af'-> -MISSION ST. - ELEGANT FRONT
iUOO suites: new: b. oe-flame stove*: gas.
li)l] MISSI.X — » FURNISHED ROOMS,
1— *4 1 including housekeeping: pan .r. Witch.n.
Montgomery streei.
I OOA -MONTGOMERY - LARGE SUITE OR ;
I —•")*_■ I' rooms complete for housekeeping: fur-
nished or unfurnished; modern: $10; reference
-N-..0H1H st.cc..
ERR NATOMA— _ SUITES OF HOUSEKF.EP-
-000 ma rooms; rent tb, $10 m. ; ap. afternoon.
. , !
f'j; NATOMA— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
OtO complete for housekeeping: $9. $14.
Ninth Street.
j 91 NINTH ST.-SUNNY SUITE FOR LIGHT
' — L housekeeping; tunning water: other rooms
11 A NINTH ST.— FRONT BaY*-YVINDOW
liv sui.e: sunny all day elegantly furnished
for housekeeping; modern folding bed; as bO per
. wee
190 NINTH-2 OB a NICE SUNNY FUR
J-O ::-:*.--! rooms; suitable for housekeeping;
nice sunny yard.
Octavla (street,
i JOQ oct via-] FURNISHED FRONT
xlvi) rooms, balb and gas, $5 arid $7.
Page street.
■ 1 099 PAGE-FURNISHED BAY- WINDOW I
XO — — alcove room and kitchen for light house-
keeping.
Pearl Street.
9 PEARL, COR, MA' KET, OPP. OCT AVI A- I
•— 2 or 3 well furnished housekeeping rooms.
" I oat stree:.
A9O POST — 2 PLEASANT . FURNISHED^
— — housekeeping rooms, yard; rent $10.
Seventh Street. "
1j 9 SEVENTH (GIRARD.— SUITES AND
: L _ — kucnecs.alao single rooms; ne renovated '
Twelfth Street.
H- TWELFTH, CORNER HOWARD- i
"J Nicely furnished housekeeping room; rent
reduced.
Twenty-fifth Street.
! 4*l -9 1 Y-FIF'TH ST. FEW DOORS
i "Ti-U_- east os Castro— 2 sunny unfu 'nished rooms
[ (private famt?y). sot able for Tight housekeeping
j La'fe and laundry: ladies only; rent $0 per month.
"]lwenty-«uth Street.
3°fiT TWESTY-.IXTH. NR MISSION - 2 '
• Ui large san .y furnished housekeeping
. suites: -.c- at. J $9. 6K^9i
Y'aleucl » Street
-Ojl VALENCIA— 2 or 3 SUNNY HOUSE.
00~i'J kerning rooms; bath: sewing machine.
._ .»i c ■ 1 nneuua.
. 3 SUNNY ROOMS, HANDSOMELY FUR
' X O Dished; complete: private home; e.egant'sur-
c rjundinna M.. box B<2. Cap.
t->7 MONTGOMERY-. COR. CLAY — OPEN ,
• 0~ until 9:S.* o'clock: branch office or Thh
« A.U.: tntacrlptlon.-. and -an: a 0« taken.
.
KOOMS TO LET.
i. Lilly streei.
110 FDDY — ELEGANT FRONT SUITE;
, i-i-Oalso other clean sunny rooms; $5 up; no
< transient.
i . .
1 -9A EDDY ST.. NEAR sTi-INER— LARGE '
I XOOU sunny iur.Uhed front room: gas. bath. !
Eighth street.
: SHERMAN APARTMENT HOI-SF. 7_ ITH
; O St.. sear Market: turn-vie. and anfnmlabed. j
0 1 11 EIGHTH. NFIAB Fc_L_OM-3 LARGE
01 rooms: rent $10.
.--..» street.
ROYAL HOUSE. 326 ELLIS— INCANDE9-
cent lights: reading-room, snioktne-room and [
, ladles' parlor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50: '
-seek. $2 to $8: month. $810 $30; eieva.or 00 ,
ofiice floor: rooms with hot and cold wa er: hatha '
OVAL EAGLE. OPP. BALDWIN— NKWLY
furnished suites: single; elevator, heaters, e:c. •
a .it a 1i«...
THE COSMOPOLITAN — .ELECT FAMILY .
hotel: TOO Fifth ■*_, cor. Mission: rooms
tCc. 75c and $1 per night $2 to $5 per week.
'_-.; Filbert Street.
Cl AFILBKRT— GENTLEM • X WITH REF-
I Cl. 1/ ere cc« can have nice aingie front room for
$4 per month.
1 -olaom Stree..
nnnt POLSOM-LABGE FURNISHED ROOM !
I UD_ to let; $4; every convenience.
—____.
Foarth -tree:.
TQI FOURTH— L.F.GE ALCOVE FRONT j
\ *i"' I room and kitchen; furnished complete for j
housekeeping: cheap rent. ,
Fourteenth Street.
lOQH FOURTEENTH— 2 SUNNT UNFUR-
i— O ni. bed, bay-window, housekeeping rooms.
T -Hon Street.
! O FULTON (FULTON HOUSE) — NICELY'
: 0 fnrntahed ims; sing c or ea suite: $8 A $16 up, |
-earr Stree..
i— ca: v Stree..
SI O GEARY* - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED j
1 •CM <_} hack parlor, suites, doable, single; board: |
I light housekeeping.
i Ql J, UP ART— NEYVLY' FURNISHED SUN- \
•'I -J ny rooms, folding-bed: modern Improve-
. ments.
: rp HE martinet, 1101 GEARY. SW. cop. !
j X \an Ness— t_aad_ome suites, newly furnished. ;
Golden Gate Avenue. "fekkjMi
QQa GOLDEN GATE AYE. - FURNISHED i
__»_- paricr; sunny suite or single; rent cheap. '
Prove Street. B_fi
1 ft 0 ,-. ______P_ _ *« AR G'K SUNNY FUR- I
X •_■«-)-_- nlsr.ed room; near Park »anhaadle.
i-cvia.ci -irto .
I -.".J HOWARD -SUNNY FRONT BOOM.
00 . satiable for an oflice. *
j
fi'-.f . HOWARD—FRONT SINGLE ROOM FOB
UOU gent; cheap.
1 1 *_'«. HOWARD, BET. SEVENTH and !
I X OC Eighth— Nicely furnished front room '
with kitchen, reasonable.
m . 1
. 1 Q9J. HOWARD -2 ROOM.-. FURNISHED '.
; X O— .'l for housekeeping.
•1 onci street.
I 9AT JONES '--THE VAN WIN KL_")-HAND-
'■ -.'-' I somely furnished rooms, suites or single.
Aaearn— Street.' .
ARLINGTON BOUSE. 137 KEARNY —
A Pleasant sunny rooms, co suite and single; ttrs: |
j das* In every respect: terms reasonable. -
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1897.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Larkin S ree:.
! 097 LARKIN*. COB. GOLDEN GATE AYE—
i «->— < ci Desirable rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
I — . ,
' 1 9AA LARKIN ST., OPPOSITE LURLI
1 X— UU Batbs— sunny furnished front rooms; $4
! and $5 per month. ■
Lewie Street.
\1 (' LEW OFF TAYLOR, NEAR POST— SB:
; X U large unfurnished room and kitchen.
_.i». str__..
• lf.^". MARKET - FURNISHED HOdSE-
! i UOO keeping rooms; front suite for office.
I VOSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PER
j A n'_hL 35c to $1: week. $1 50 to $5: families.
Martha Place.
: 3 MARTHA. OFF GEARY* — TWO FUR-
-1 O nish*l single rooms: rent, $6 ana $7.
' I- MARTHA PLACE OFF GEARY'. SOUTH
; O above Mason— Large sunny front room for 1 or
; 2; -59.
McAlllater street.
(ioni .LCISTER — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
] U O I I nished room: bot and cold water: bath :«S.
1A- MCALLISTER — SUNNY. FURNISH
I XUOU ed room: double bed; running water;
I closet: rent It) a month. J
-Iccibliun street.
1 r*o9 MISSION— NICELY* FURNISHED SUN-
v>o— ny front rooms: cheap; quiet place.
HANCOCK HOUSE. "hi MISSION: sfTLECT
family rooming-house: $1 50 to $i per week.
j 1-017 MISSION — FURNISHED SINGLE
j 1-1 i rooms; ;5.
I _^
New Montgomery -street.
lAr NEW MONTG OM RY* — FRONT FUR-
XUO nlsned rooms, $1 £0 to $2 a week.
Post Sireet.
THE BOHEMIA. 239 P-WT— LARGE, LIGHT
newly furnislied bay-windows, offices an 1 lodg-
ings: central; running wa:er: grate-, elevator;
■ quiet; see them; very reasonable.
1 om _> I .!'«..
THE WILLISFORD. 212 214 POWELL— NEW-
I — !y furnished sunny rooms; telephone-
second Street.
' 1"I ~ 8 ECON D — CLEAN SCNNY FUR-
. TicJ nished rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
' _.-... -
t»i...i _ rues .
THE PIEDMONT, 119* SIXTH— NICE SU__-
ny rooms: modern conveniences.
j ■
Stockton Place.
THF. EUROPEAN", 17 STOCKTON — FUR-
nlatied rcoms $1 50 to .2 50 per week: suites
' $3 50 10 f s per week: by night. 60c to $1 50; hot
; and cold water, elevator: transient. >
Sutter Street.
X) A SUTTER— ELEGANTLY* FURNISHED
0 1 "T sunny parlors; other rooms: low rent.
1111 SUTTER— NICELY" FU R N 1 s H E D
llli rooms; suites $12; also single rooms.
Taylor Street.
' 1 AQ TAY'LOR— LARGE ROOMS: $1 75 AND
. X.UO $2: sunny single, $1 25 and $1 50 week.
S i»9 TAYLOR — SUNNY* CORNER SUITE:
O '— nicely fnrnlahed; hot and cold water.
: —
Tehama street.
71 7 TEHAMA-A L RGE. ______ FRONT
111 room for housekeeping, and kitchen if de-
. sired.
Turk Streei.
Un T U RK- L A RG E SUNNY SUITES,
U handsomely furnished: single.
CIO TURK-SUNNY" BOOM;
: •J "TO foldlne bed; running water: grate: gas and
, bath: $10.
Twentieth Street.
*.<___<_ TWENTIF.TH — 2 SUNNY FUR-
' Out to a shed rooms: cheap.
boarding a**.i> ROOMS.
9_>qgeary*-elf:oant sunny- single
OO rooms, $30: .oriwo.-stO; French toard.
ROOM AND BOARD WANTED FY" LaDY
and 2 boys. 9 and 11. Add. A. L. box 14. L
I
KOOM tuh 2 GENTLEMEN Vt'LH BOARD:
Geiman home cooking: hi a -seek. ti2s Y'alen-
cta'st.- ' . . ' v .,; 4 * "_' - .
71 9 POSi— 1 LARGE SUNNY' ROOMS. WITH
. lx— board, lor 2 glSea. up: vie parlor and piano
A 1 9 EDDY — LOVELY* FRONT" SUNNY
i 1 — roomi, wltn board: for 2, $40 a month
QAQ VAN _*____-__ AVF .MI WLY, tX.tr-
<- "-'O clabed tunny rooms or suite, with tcari.
HOTEL BrBTLING. 714 BUsH— A FAMILY
hotel: refer cces: alt modern conveniences;
Riolodun tab e». if <l . sirei: r.»-w management.
CHILDREN i:o.\i:i._El>.
VICE HOME FOR 2 CHILDREN: MUSIC.
L> and clo.-e to good school: $10 per mouth. Ad-
■ ores- MR . E L BILLI-, Golden Gate, Alameda
< onnty. Cat.
STORES TO LET.
■ill- *.(_ 1007 LAHKIV . CO • POST ST.-
-i *"*"• OU . Store and living-room: n-w; mod-
erd and centraL Apply Kr.LLY', 102 Eddy.
, STORE AN. 3 LIVING-ROOMS. BE COR.
O Page ar.d Lyon s a: rent cheap.
'; QTOBE WITH 2 LIVING-ROOM—. FINE
j _3 plac - for restaurant: rent $18. 453 Height M.
j LARGE STORE, I SHuW WINDOW*. AND
1 X-t 4 large rooms: rent on y $22 50. 422 Sixth.
1417 THIRD-2 ROOMS AND BASEMENT;
"Til also Hc-.t Apply 417 Vi Third st.
HORSES.
TIT ANTED — WELL-BR -KEN HOBSE FOR
" deiiverv nagoo. Butcher-shop, Twenty-third
; and Dolores sta
J SORREL HOBSK CHEAP. ON ACCOUNT OF
c O departure?: suitable for lady. M., tox 75. Call.
FOR SALE— THE FINEST SADDLE HOK^E*
and Shetland ponies In the ciiy. DALZ.EL,
W5 Golden Gate aye.
-iv HORSES FOR SALE: Wagons AND
OU har ess at car stables. 721 Howard st. : auc-
'; tion every T oeuday.
AUCTION SALES EVERY SATURDAY AT
11 o'clock of horses, buggies, wagons, harness.
j etc. Emporium sales yards, 220 Valencia it-, A
I WAI KIN-. asc.ion-er.
I J(l HORSES for BALE: also wagon..
' TV buggies, carta, harness: Grand Arrade Horse
: Market, 327 Sixth St. . suction bales every W-al-
aeaOay. SULLIVAN ADO 1 L._ Auctioneers
LEIBOLD HARXKSS COMPANY; 800 SETS j
of quod harness, our own make, ot every de- j
I scription, for less money than you can boy Eastern '
i trash: send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st.. & F.
I . j
I C A HF.AD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY !
| busmen 900 to isou pounds. Old Turk-st. cac |
I stables.- 1301 Turk: team of larze young molei.
« WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
j A WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
. _____ . .
IVAUO.Y. AND CARRIAGES.
QA FINE BUSINESS BUGGY": JUST THE
0«J"» thing for tea route. 19 F.ightb st.
Vi W '.MI -ECOND-HAND BaKER LACY-
; X 1 dry and milk -ra.on: also tine top buggy and
I rockaway. te'.H Harrt-on st.
LOST.
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE 'HIRER- I
XJ ala Savings and ■ Loan - oriel v of Sao F'ran-
, cisco In Ite name 01 NF.LLIK HOLDEN. No. '
, 1767U9* The finder will p..-a-e returato bank.
] OST— BLACK v '>CKF SPANIEL WEDNES- i
J day evening, about 7:30. turn same to 1221 ',
Golden Gate aye. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— WHITE GREYHOUND BIrCH; BRIN-
oie spot over eye: liberal reward. 340 Thir-
tieth -
j SJ - P.EYVA RD— BLACK x E WFOUN DLA ND;
I ,****?«J white breast; license 1837. 641 Ca Ifurnla. |
! I osr— A passbook WITH the HTBKRNIA i
I J- Savings a:. d Loan Society of San Frau.-'sco. in '■
I the name of CLARA WEYMOUTH; No. 202,351. '
1 The finder will please return 0 bank.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE: DIY'ORCE LAW- a SPEC- '
laity: private; no fee without success: probata
Insolvency, wlila collections, bills of sale, deed* :
carnages etc: private detective*: estab. 10 years.
; G. W. HOWE. KM Market at. corner Stockton ab
ADVICE TREK; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
-__ ceasful. W. W. DA VIO. ON. t»27 Marset st,
RW. KINO. ATTORNEY'- CHRON |
. :cle balding: advice tree, low re. s. all cases '
j —=___, I
HOTEL FOR SALE.
I YEW II'TEL OF'-., __O.I_M FOR salE IN ,
I mM thriving town, see owner at 711 FoUom st. i
I room 3. -••':. -
- .
PERSONALS. _ ..;
1 ASHER NAFTALY'. WILL NOT BE RE- j
T-, sponalhle to pay debts of any Nafialy.
A. NAFTALY.
RS. YOUNG, WIDOW OF JACK YOUNG. '
formerly steward at tbe Oakland ferry. '
please dive year address. H. p., box 15, CalL
ISS ELVIE WILSON. 122 POST ST., PAR-
lor 9, second floor, card-reader.
DIVOBCE AND-- ANNULMENT OF MAR- j
r.age; legal everywhere: terms and payments
obliging. Address locabox F, 1533 Market si., I
Sin Francisco, CaL
DVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAW-- A SPEC-
tally: private; co fee wtthoot soccess; pro- ]
bate, insolvency, wills, . collections, bills ot sale'
•i a mages, etc. private detectives. estabk 10 yean, I
.W.HOWE, aity-at-law. 850 Market. cor.Stocktn i
'YOUNGV OUNG MAN OF GOOD CHARACTI-R AND
X habits, li oldiog a good, lucrative position, de-
sires the acquaintance of a respectable voong
lady (Protestant only) matrimonially Inclined and
with some means: particulars In lira, letter; no
irtflers. P.. box 2. Call.
I "YOUNG WIDOW DESIRES TO MEET EAsT-
— ern 'gentleman; object, business Investment.
Room 3 223 Poet st.
AYE YOUR MOUSE PAINTED WITH Al
stock, no dope or fish oil: rooms papered $2
up whitened, sl so up papered ,grai ned, varnished,
$5 up. AMBROSE A SCIIaaF, 1029 Kearny st.
SPECIAL AND LAST CLASS OF SEASON IN
I O hairdressing and manicuring begins Monday,
April 26: half rates Riven. Up-Tc-Date Parlor .
| 1026 Market st.. over The Wonder. Tel. Mint 1595
STERILITY -ND IMPOTENCY
O (ad -cases), all fo ms of seminal and leccor-
rha-ai diseases and weakness permanently cured
be.- a course of OR SMITH'S ELECTRO-MAG- '
NETIC BATHS; very little expanse too: hvgleuic
board, sonny run. SANIT AR1UM.1533 Bachanan.
DRUNKENNESS — CURES GUARANTEED.
Gold Cure, Sacramento, CaL ; 26 Page st., B. F.
ABINET BATHS FOR LADIES AND
gents, ALICE FAY. 128 Seventh aL, top flat.
4 RE YOU SATISFIED WITH YOUR HAIR- j
-*» dresser? Have yen tired L-derer? My nalt^ '
dressing cost? only 25c for any siy.e (only one
i rice), and is easily the best in town; awi cues !
run from $1 to $3: bleaching roots of hair. ___: I
restoring grar or uleachel hair, from $1 5J to $5. '■
CC LeDeRER 111 Stockton su
-"L-LFCTUICTTY IS LIFE."
XJ spinal complaints, weak and lame backs
cured a, well as RHEUMATISM, at DR.
SMiTH'S ELI CTRO-MAGNETICB -THS: don't j
put it off, bot iame to-day: sore care: hyglouic
board. SANITARIUM, 1533 BUCHANAN sT.
FACIAL BLEMISH WRINKLES, SMALL-
POX pUilans and superfluous hair remove, by
I latest discovery; sunken eye, and cheeks filled
I out: taldness cured. . MRS. E. KING, 6^4 Suttrr.
ME. MYRTLE POTIER REMOVED FROM
ISo 2 Market su to 33 Sixth, room 17.
VINE BLACK sUIT; $12 50. MISFIT CLOTH- '
X. ing parlors. 513 Moctgomer-r ■_.
. _^ i
infill BUSINESS CARDS PRINTED. $150; I
j LUUIJ wedding work. HILL. '-.'JC. Geary su
HOME A rWIEND AND MOT.iRK'S CARE.
MRS. HI- FUNKE 1418 F.lghtu sc. Alamedx
TRY* Us ON" YOUR NEXT SUIT: MODERN*
tat.orin;- iowt-s: prices. 216 Kearny, upatalra.
JOSEPH «.FtF.VE..'S OPEKA SCHOOL FUR-
U»k«a solo-, cv. ta quartets or entire opera acts '■
j for ".be | ruitsst" tl sia^e, ana for oratorio, concert
cr church as well, on shortest notice. Murphy
bu.ldlicg, M-r.:: and Jones, rooms 121 and 1-2
' 1 ..ELIABLE AND EFFICIENT Dr.TECTIVE ;
: XT. service. Rcoms 19. 20 and 21; Chronicle bidg.
\| IsS JKS-IE AND LIZZIE KEEt.AN.LATE i
a'A with G. Lederer. expert hairdress->r. ayelng i
and bleach: ng* .. specially. 124 Yj O'Farrell su, I
I phone Brown .53- . "^^.""J
! QUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS; $i j
! _-• week. N. Y. Ta.loring Co.. 115 Kearny. upstairs
TWO RENO _ NED ITALIAN . REsTAU- !
rants combined: F. DEI.MONTE A CO.. pro- i
; prietors of the o.d Boon Gusto Besiumant, 431 ■
. i. road way. have consolidated with MR. ANGELO
'■ DKLMOKTK, proprietor of the celebrated Fior
| d'ltalla at 4.0-4^2-434 Broadway, .'lst opposite.
AGNISCOPE - NEW i ROJECTINU MA-
chine; us--s tbe ktne'.oscope dims: price re-
| duced. $.50. BACIGALIT'I. _>46 Market a_.
bIG OUTDOOR r-TEREOPITCON sHoW EVE-
ry nigh: cor. Market and Sixth sta. : artistic ai-
■ vertisements In living iighi: « promoters of boat-
less, consul: U» L ADV. CO.. I 140 Market sl.
1.-AP.TINGTON'S fCHoOi, Ol MAGAZINE
1 and Newspaper Lustration particulars aa wo
terms, etc- 424 Pine st.: U!nsi---ioi_i -.tuuianea
. tor magazine*, newspaper*' etc
IHFiL'ht A-\__ PILES CURED: NO PA If
It cn-.a erred: send for book. DRS. Man**
| HEi_D A FORT ELD. fe__ Markei it.
ELrCIRIC LIGHTS IN EVKAIY ROOM-
j Winchester. boos-. 44 Third st, at. Market:
i '-00 room*. 25c to $1 10 per night: $1 50 to $0 per
aeen: tree oas and naggage lb and from the terry.
C'-c.AK-. PURS ____»•_. s.ll. RETAILED _•
/ snoit-saia prices Factory. 20 sansome si.
* WEEK'S' NEWS FOB 5 CENTS _ Tfia
■ V *W.KivlY CALL. _n Vrracoer. for mallin_t
CLAIRVOYANTS. -'""'-*
' "ll'HAl IS YOUR VOCATION
'» HAVE YOU PROSPERED?
■ WHAT ARE YOUR HOPES?
Mrs DR. F. CLARK will, lift -the dark veil of
• your future life, she gives you valnab c ADVICE
' ar.d AID In all affairs of life, of private as well as
cf business nature as, for tn-tance. pertaining to
Love. Matrimony, Friendship, Business Lawsuits.
Contested Wilis. Divorce. Damage Salt*. Claims.
; Journeys. ~pe.-ut»iions. Mining, etc.
s.-ie discovers lost or stolen property, rinds burled
treasures, prevents alcltaeai misfortune: recon-
, ciles the separated, thus rea.or'.tig .os: happiness.
Every person 1. adapted to some i articular bust-
; ness profession or i rade.wlncn may Justly be term-
j ed the! ;ru.- vocation, and yet mora tnan half of
you are flouting against an unknown fate for fame,
I lortune and position which you do not and Cannot
; Obtain until you find your true vocation.
Office b> urs. 9 to 6 dally and .-uodav. Fend
stamp for circular and special terms. MRS. DR.
' F. CLARK. 120 d Markei si, .-an F"rancisi.o.
"-.1 ME DB • THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL,
A'L er by eggs aud cards, tells entire It f* pas',
rmenu intur*. consultations on all affairs, noth-
ing excepted: names given: good advice; sure
* help; reaoores lost love ay sympatny; mistake Im-
r'_.s!ble fee $1; letter s 2. »'JS» Fos: st. or Larklti.
MREMIF.B IN Y-ITF.SSKEP. IC": W..N-
-*e fal clairvoyant and psychological palmist.
516 Jou. s su
MM -MELBOURNE. GIFTED CLAIRY'OY'-:
an- : never falls: rail and be convinced. 419
! c.a.-.. m . room 22. seeood floor: 25c and __■__
MHO. PEARL RAYMOND. FROM TnE j
i as;; magnetic treatments. " Grant ay., rs.7-H. '
MRS. MELVILLE,. WELL- KNOWN CLAlR-
voyant. 51 FiflHsL: water reaain. s'specia.ly.
GttwY LIFE READER. 3 SEVENTH ST.: :
ladies 25c, g-nts 50c: a.l question* answered.
ME. MORIS AU. BEST FOBTU..E- TELLER,
medium, card-reader; 25c up. 764 Howard st."
\| h. BAVKNa BEADS LIFE FLUENTLY"; I
.'1 business advice: names given: up.s Fourtn.
ME. SYBIILK TELLS FROM CRADLE TO !
A'i graye -.pictures given ; ladies 25c. 914 o'Earrell. i
(VS^Sfl AND "BEST IN AMERICA-THB !
v.- Y\ EFKLY CALL, sent to any address In ire
I nlted States or Canada one year for $1 50. DOal- i
age free. , . ' *^^ ;
~ ' !
SPIRITUALISM.
Jl O MrALLISTER ST.- LADIES' FIRST i
TICT f*-piritua!i__.lc Aid Society will have an en- i
; tertainment and. dance this evening- admis- ■
sion loc. !
V. MILLER'S ETHEREALZINO. .MATE- j
. rializing trumpet stance to-night, B o'clock
535 Po.t si. ; 25 cents. " "^jgJBJ
AIRS.' HEN DEE ROGERS' CIRCLE TO- I
XtX night: tests to all: readings dally. 122 Taylor. '
AM. FRANCIS. INDEPENDENT SLA '
. writer. Ila Haish: st.: hours 9 until 6r. m. j
R". MAYO STEERs, 11214 OaK: CIRCLES :
Toes-ay, 8 p.-m*. Thursday, 2 p. it : readings. i
\l Rs. C J. MhYKH- TEST CIR. 2 ANDSF M - ''■
a'l tests to ail; 10.-; sittings. 326 McAllister a:.
ITEMOVAL- FRED EVaNs, THE B_.ATE- 1
•li writing medium, I* now located at 1.22 Markeu '
R-.J. J. « HIT NEY. SPIRITUAL MEDIUM,
for mestagvs an-1 advice. 218 Stockton s_
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM CURES WHEN ALL ELSE !
falls: aiao laugh 1 .. Hypnotic lnsu.6 O'Farrell. !
' • PROPOSALS.
SAN* FRANCISCO, CAL. APRIL $. 1897.— I
-ci led proposa*, In triplicate, will be received '
here and at office of Quartermaster until 11 j
o'clock a m , Monday. May a. .97, and then '
opened, for furnishing, during fiscal year com- I
mencing July 1, l-_> 7. forage and straw for san 1
Di-go -arracks, Cal.: also at same time, at this
o_sce •___ for forage and straw for An atras Island, i
Angel Island, Benl' Barracks. Fort Ma_.cn, Pre-
sidio of San Francisco an : San - Francisco, Cat. !
Government reserves right to reject or accept any ;
or all bids or anr p. r thereof. I'r-f rence given >
to articles of domestic nr duction conditions of ;
price and quality (includl In the price of foreign :
prodnctlons the duly then-en) being equal, and '
each preference given to ar.lcles of A mencan pro-
duction produced on the Hattflc C'oas: to the ex- \
tent of. the motion required by the public
service there. All Information furnished on ap- I
plication to Quartermaster at Sin Die.o Barracks, '.
or to nndt-ralgned Envelopes containing bid- to,
be Indorsed "Proposals for Forrge and straw."
and addressed to -aid Quarte master, or to JAS. j
M. MOORE. A-i-lstani Quartermaster-General. U.
B. Army, Chief Quarter mas et.
CITY REAL ESTATE. ....
"Y"EW HOUSE; 4 ROOMS; BATH:. LOT 2i_
XA. 100:. close to Mission cars: easy payments;
only $15 per month. 2d . Covier, De Bo m Tract.
' *_"_ 0.00 ** VI 'LL build cottage *rooms
♦JXOUI/ aud bath- Including lot 25x100: not
t.r from City Ball; $200 cash, balance same as
rent. W. AY. hEDNaLL, owner, 1328 Hayes st.
Si: J ZxOO NEW. SUBSTANTIAL MODERN
«P ToUU. park homes: up to date in every de-
tail; contain parlor, dining-room, kitchen,
pantry, 3 bedrooms, bath, '£ furnished attic
rooms, hard finished basement: fine plumbing; 3
eiegact mantels; fine aas fixtures: marble steps-.
large lot: sunny aide of Frrdtr.ck si-, :,ear Mao-
yaiu Take any pare Doe to stanyan st. . wait 2
blocks south: owner at.d bul der on premises.
-k'.linn EASTLAKE coTT.v.t-. 330 HILL
-4, O \J\JvP. St., nr. -tiro: 5 large rooms, bath
and basement; lot 25x114; partly mortgaged:
mortgage can remain if desired: good neighbor-
hood: place not large enough for present owner.
App 7 BKIGDEN A TLRNEY", cor. Ke_-rny and
Commercial: make offer.
S_>7f_n NA I OMA-ST. HOUSE OF, THREE
titUU. fla.a; rent $30; always rented; lot
25x75.
$3200— Clementina st. : 2-story house, 8 rooms;
rent reduced to $20: lot 25x80.
These properties must be sold to close an estate:
\ no reasonable offer will be refused. Inquire 714
Natoma sl No agenia
_ . — , — - ___
LOR SALE OR TO LET— 8-STORY HOUSE,
j -T 315 Guerrero at; formerl-- Hansen .Dyeing
I and Cleaning Works: steam power; welt and
pump: s ante. & stalls: 40x112; easy terms; ap-
! ply on [rem 1 to 4 p. st; also collage, s rooms
and bath, 302 Second are., near Clemen: st.
•illi *_(.n ELEGANT RESIDENCE: 2-
t^IU.OUU. story, basement and attic: bil-
liard, store rooms, etc. : lot 25x137:6; house alone
! « est $10,000: this is a great sacrifice: see owner
on premises, 727 Golden Gate aye., near Franklin.
iJO" 6 LOTS ON 10TH AYE AND O ST.,
».i —O. south San Francisco; tlile clear; terms
easy. Apply V. E. GIGLINO. 613 Mission at.
t*,Aft Cash, balance same as rent,
iT'AuU tor new house: sunny side of Co est.,
near Waller: size o: lot "5x125; contains 8 rooms
and all modern iruprcvemenla. ERHSeSsIH
PROPERTY TO EXCIIANGE.
EXCHANGE FOR CITY, OAKLAND OR ALA-
meda. will pay equa. difference, 43 ' acres. San
Luis Obispo County: all can be cu.ilvaied; 250
acres lev price $2750.
ON ACCOUNT OF DEPaRTCRE, FINE
-•ar:is lady's wheel: cheap. Devany Cr-
clery, sianyau s . -.; .-, '.
MONET TO LOAN
LIBERAL ADVANCE ON DIAMONDS, JEYV-
ecry. etc.; ion- Interest. Cut-rate Loan ofllca
r. 7, F'.ood bidg, BOS Market: let. brown 191.
A LOAN'S ON FURMTURE OK ■ PIANOS.
. in S. F., Oakland or Alameda, a: lowest rates:
without removal: no (omaiiaa.ous: no delays.
J. NOON AN", 1017 to 1023 iiustoj __. above Slxto.
telephone Jessie 41.
HIGHLY' RE-Pc-.CTABLf: AND PRIY'ATK
place to obtain liberal advances on diamonds
and jewelry of the lowest rales. Baldwin Jewelry
ore. 948 Market s:. iel<?i hone Green 204.
Sit -'(in Hi 111 AT 6 '""* Fh - K CENT ON CITY
0 O U U. UUU real estate; also Oakland: estate*,
life insurance, second mortgage, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co. 10 Mills bcltdtug. ■ round floor.
ANY AMOUNT: IST. '_ID%)R 3D MORTGAGES,
A. estates, undivided in'.eresis. real estate ln pro-
bate; furniture and pianos wunou: remove.
UcCOLGAN*. 24 Montgomery s:.. room 3.
WHY PAY HIGH INT. ON t-.MA.-L LOANS.
VT We loan at 55c Interest per mo. on each $100
cc 2d mortgage: any security, oold. box 4, CalL
£__>'•."'. (.'.(.A.-' BANK KATEs 1.1 AND
-__-O*_«J.UUU 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc.:
i.nd as iow as $50 H. MURPHY. 624 .M»r_.t s_.
OK FURNITURE; VERY LoW INTEREST:
no commission. SCRIBNER. 7 City Halt ava
MONEY" To LOAN ON CITY I.EAL E.s'TAl "t:
auy amoanu WILLIAMS, 214 Fine su, r. 3.
C- 1 (Y'OOO ON LIFK INSURANCE POLICIES
C » V ,0 "* Interest. JOS. R tOFLITZ, 33j Fi a
q-/. io $io,ooo: lowest RATE; Ist a2D
Coy •cortg.t any proposition. Lryden. Mont
ANY sum, IsT OR 2ND MORTGAGES. Es-
tates In probate, etc. P.m. 7, 508 California, st.
0-| FURNITURE AND PIANO.-. No RK-
moval low rales: private party. 219 Powell, r. 4.
ON PI A Nos AND FLI.-Nll-.i-F- V-ITUOUZ
removal very low i;.:**rr*,.. 118 McAllLler St.
A iNa.NCT._L.
Y\* ANTED-EUROPEAN PREMIUM BONDS,
»» ll.to or unlisted stocks. g-'.d, sliver aod
quartz bought and assayed. F. EPHRAIM CO.,
i b-S Market st., opp. Palace Hotel S. F.
MEDICAL.
4 LL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
I A. (from whatever cause) restored in a few
; tours: safe and sure at any time: Instant relief for
: travelers; home In confinement: bes: care and
privacy: regular physician; 80 year*' Euccessfnl
practice: my celebrated remedies for monthly
suppression never fail: every case guaran:e_d:con-
sanation free, confiden. lal: hours 10 to 5: pills sL
MRS. DR. .VYj-TH. 918 Post st near Larklx
DI-. J. H. JOsoELY'N, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
IsI. still offers his va nab services to the u»
icr.nicate. With a mind ma ured ad e.irlc .ed by
studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
tree: to a perfect cure Lad he Is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge baa teen strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your delicate organism is beyond his sore con-
trol.* His female month. remedies are sure and
rate in their eff-ct .. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-falling in their
action, and are warranted for both yoon{ and old.
He excels all others in the care of private diseases,
ever fto years of practice enah.es nim to warrant
a enre In all cases. Conauiiailon parlors. VOi
Market st. Call or write direct to 90S Market au,
rooms 11 and 12. \
. PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
Jess; never falls In any caae of monthly sick-
nesa no motter what cause; no electricity bom-
tog or ether dangerous metboda; money la every
case refunded If a cure la not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home la
confinement witb sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the on. reliable physicians. DR AND
MRS. DaVIF.s. 14 McAllister sc. next Hlberu-a
Bank: hours. 9 a. M. to 5 and it... j> k.
ALL LADiES USE
REN ARD REGULATING WAFERS.
An infallible cure. For further particulars call
or send 2c stamp to Pacifi'* Coast Agency..,
RcSNARD MEDICAL CO.. 323 Spreckels build-
ing. 927 MarKet S'-. 9. F., Cal.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER TAILS TORK- j
A store every case cf monthly sickness from
whatever cause In a few boars when medicines '
and others have failed; no Instruments used:
many years' experience, every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable: first-class private
horn* for confinement. "MRS. DX. DaLEY. 112$
, Market st. over the Owl Drugstore
A NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE OR IN-
A. strumeul nted: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no mater from what
cause; resto always in one day: can be seat
and used a. home; positive care; genuine new
process can only be had at my office: advertised
20 years. DR. POPPER 318 Kearay St.
B. FnULKT'S FRENCH CAPULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all fema'e dis-
ease* no matter what cause): posit. y sate and
sure: no danger or after effects; laken in time It
also ac a as a preventive; price $150 per box:
sent free by mail on receipt at price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
DB. AND MRS. WEGENER, 526 EDDY __.:
private home; every comfort: separate rooms
before and curing confinement; female complaints
skillfully treated; regular physician-, quick relief
fur travelers: test care; terms moderate; babies
adopted io good families: consultation tree; _.Utss2.
Rti --OODS. IN *-PEcTA CISTS. LADIES
near or far: safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease cr complaint: home Sor patients; best akllL
I Iree dlagnoals: low tee*; self-cure. '401 Van Nest
ALPEAU FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TOLA- j
dies with female troubles; nodauger; safeand
: sere. $2 50 express C. o. D.: .on': deiav mil too
late. OSGOOD BROs_, Coast Agents. Oakland-.CaL
, * SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE LIS.
. -.*_. eases from whatever c.<ns», a home la con-
finement with every comfort; satlsfacuou guar-
anteed by MRS. UWYER 22d _____ at.
I. A lA. . FEMALE COMPLAINTS AND DIS-
XX ease-* of the eye permanently cured at MRS.
! DR. SCOTT'S, 410 Geary st : consultation free.
U FkAK> FEMALE REGULATING FILL-:
safe and efficient emmenajtocuet $1 per box.
! RICHARD- __ CO., dra__j.it. 406 Clay 5:..5....- agts,
UN-URPA--SED REMEDIES FOR FEMALE
troubles, diseases. MRS. DR. PUETZ _tj_y*,4_t_.
1 .R. hall. 14 MCALLISTER street, *.__.__
XJ Jones. Diseases or women and children.
■^^■■■cccac^cccc^_cc__acc_ ll^ l _cwc»ccccccccccccccccc"— —^MMMc^ccccccc— — __,— ,»ai
PROFESSIONAL CARD..
JOHN K. KICHARD^ LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
" __• and -7, Crocker imil*-Mi__ ' Miepuoue mtmm
"it, ban Franciaoa CaL
MOTELS.
Brooklyn hotel, 2C_-_l*_ bush BT,
board and room $1 to (2 per day. .6 to $li
per week; choice rooms 50 cents to $1; suite
rooms for family $1 to $1 50 per night: nrst-clajj
._*_.____.- .__-_• _u__c__ CHARLES MONTGOMERY
— !
STORAGE. s
REDUCKD BATES, FURNITUi-F, PIANOS
household goods, eic. J. M. FIERCE, 785 Mat. ,
I'UI'KIBT REAL ESTATE.
SUBURBAN HOME IN* A BEAUTIFUL VAL-
ley ot Mario Conn-.y: located 1 block from
railroad a ation and "Zy% miles from >an Rafael:
very modern honse of 12 rooms, with rcorchea on
three sides; large ground s. comprt.lng- 3 acres.
__ lArt EACH. FOR THOSE LOVELY SUE-
«C- • V'U divisions of 10 acres In Alameda County;
land of the best being of a deep loam soil, very
suitable for general home farms: near a good town
and only 30 miles from Oakland; one-third cash,
balance on lime.
LOVELY PIECE OF LAND POR A SUMMER
home; b'tween 4 and 3 acres: located "on
Zayante Creek: fronting on main connty road to
Santa i_'rur; about li* miles from Felton; portion
heavily timbered with love y pines, live oaks and
madroie: srna-I hou. eof 4 rooms: price only $SOO.
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO, room 29. second floor.
Mills building.
"I OT FOR 9ALE-59O0; _'_S_l7l; NEAR
aj Lake Merritt, East Oatland. Particulars 63.'
Market St., room 5.
_>fcA ACRES GOOD UNIMPROVED LAND
■■■-s. U in Tuolumne; also 160 acre. in Mariposa:
wood and water; cheap for cash. A. BRUHNKE,
1714 Polk at.
-CTcf...-. FOR SALE -80 ACRES LAND
ta/_ _ . near Santa Crnt; 40 acres culti-
vated, 40 pasture and timber; boose 16 rooms
suitable for summer resort: orchard, carriage,
horses, cattle. implements, plenty water; also 30
acres, .nimble for chicken ranch, "for flout). 1009
Mission »_., S. F. '•
Great BARGAINS IN* LAND; fas PER
acre; small aces: Improved and unimproved;
A.am-daCo Tor details write to H. J. HIGGLES,
63 Columb a bonding. Manet st., s. F.
1-fj-ACU ORCHARD. MOsTLY CHERRT-
X\J tf.nn;. on San Leandro e.ectric road, ele-
gant house, barn, good well water, for sale; a bar-
gain: will subdivide if necessary. R FAS s LER.
San Lean-ira
SONOMA COUNTY: LITTL . HOM-.S A SPE-
cialty. A. H. CHESsMORE. real estate ag-nt
Sonoma. CaL .
'i_4M TO '' l " , ' J ' MARIN CO. IMPROVED and
*- _ - unimproved land: terms to suit: frail, grain
vegetables, rail and water. R. 65. Chrcinicle bidg.
OR CHEAP LAN DAN'n SMAEL'IM PROVED
X . ranches, near town, write 10 W. L. FOSTER,
Kelseyville, Lake County, Ca'.
C;' AN ACRE; 1-,B'J ACRES TIMBER: GOOU
-tT*-' ter stock or fruit: plenty water. __. box 40.
«rS> A. WEEK _ NEWS FOR 5 CENTS-THR
_»-«i-' WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for ling.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE — oOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE,
•<!_(. C"HICI_EN " RANCH; 4J_ ACRES:
**» --"'. 4.»0 rhcaens. horse. i agon. cow. eta
Apply J. H. BAPTIST. 319 K-.rny st.
Q". CASH. $b MONTHLY—LOTS *75 AND
«_ '' upward; out of 33-acr* Aciendale Tract, East
cakland but 72 lots unsold: will tuilJ you 3. 4
and 5 room cotta c (modern) from 93UU to 9900.
li.cludin - lot: p.cyroen: as rent ; site, ciimsie and
soil superb. 3 e.ectr.c roads and fine school near-
conveyance tree. 459 Ninth st , bet- Broadway
and V, aahington, Oakland. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
BUY A HOL'-sE AND LOT IN BEAUTIFUL
Frui. vale; only a minme's walk 10 the station,,
see the owners at their office In Pruitvale for bar
gains. BASSr.TT BROS.. Froi. va.e station.
& I 111 KACH. 4 LOTS Mr.LROSE STATION
ftp I OU Tract: streetcars and local trains; only
$1 down and $1 a week. H. B. PiNNEY, 903
B.oaduav. OaklanL
GET A CHOICE. HEALTHFUL HOMESITE
while prices are iow: lots £100 to 9150 at
Fltchburc. beyond Frultvae; the ness property
for investment now ottered: local trains and
electric cars: 10 minutes to Oakland and 43 to
San Francisco; splendid climate, out of damp
belt soil excellent for gardening: very best water
facilities; good school: terms to suit. Before buy-
ing in tbis locality see the owner of this property,
C. M. hITNKLE bls"va "*"* aahington su, upstairs,
room 28. Oak.a.l. t.i.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO EET.
l^O"**-. TO RENT; FURNISHED COTTAGE 5
'. —O. rooms and bath: lot 75x200: iruit and
flowers: near electr.c-._rs. etc. 1321 Tweuty-
sixth aye.. Fruitvaie. I- si Oakland
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FOR RENT— FUP.NIsHED HOUSE OF 12
P rooms on heights adjoining Oakland: 10 min-
utes walk from broad and narrow guage depots:
45 nif utes to - San Francisco: rent tor 3. 6 or 12
I m -nth.- HERON A IIoI.COM B. 1050 Broadway.
**™™ — "*^" — * ——— "*^" — '* — ****'********— **__?--?**"-*-**-***--_-
-; OAKLAND BOOMS *TO LET.
T') LET TO THE PROPER PARTY- T^OlTs.
sunny rooms: upstair*: either furnished or un-
furnished, wiih breakfast, if desired, in choice
locaiiy, a: reasonable price*, wbere home com-
forts can be enjoyed, in s.rlctiy private family;
references exchanged. 1217 Web-ter su, Oakland.
CaL llc_?nßC____n4(BcW3!_9_-___9___-_HIB
=
OAKLAND FTRN'ISHED BOOMS.
lAHGE SCNNY KO IMS; OALINDO HOTEL,
Xj Oak and; [.oar. opiionaL i-thst.. off Broadway.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
,»T.A*trTl\ I.JEAL r«TAT ..
■ ARGAIN: ALAMEDA COUNTY. 30 Jill. Es
J from city; choice land: irulu hay. cra.n. veg-
etables, with llvtag serin.-*: *25 to «35 per acra
11. J. HIGGLE.-. 69 Column. an culldtni s. V.
BERKELET FUKNISHED HOUSES.
"*DCRNTSHED ft-ROOM HOUSE: BATH AND
J- gat: reasonable for summer. 2122 .Bancroft
way. Berkeley.
S^^^S— ****S*i——— —————— ———!—— ————— -
DENTISTS.
\""AN" VRv.OM A CO.'S ELECTRO- DENTAL
. a Tors, 997 Market st. ; lady attendant: no gas
or o. her dangerous mestheiica given; . electric.
the great agent used 10 relieve pai_; teeth filled
at.a extracted p«inles«ly by our new electrical
process; a written guarantee given with alt worn
done: lowest prices, best wont: all surgical work
attended by G. W. Wt. amscn, M.D„ paysician
and surgeon: examination free by the u>e si our
new electrical appliances: porcelain and gold
crowns: bridge- and teeth without plates a
s.ecla.ty. Electro-Dental Parlors, 997 Market st.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
ket, _eu 3d and 4th; $**a specialists: painlesi
ext.-ac Ing. with gas, tl: p ates. f7 up: fill, gl up
>*ULL SET OF TEETH. $7; WARRANTED 5
J years: painlesi extraction see our new combina-
tion plate: thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made;
a arranted "10 years: hil logs. 60c; crowns, J. SO.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth streei.
ffijr _*ULL SET TEETH: BEsT MAKE;
V • • kept In repair; extracttog free; flllincs.soc;
crown $3 5-.'. Pacific Dental Parlors, Is Third.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR
__> H. U Young. 1841 Polk su
L-OSJ. iVi-.LY PAlN__Ea-» EXTRACTION. DR
X Ha RL'INg, 50USntter cor. Puwell:tel.malns37S
DR. .'. J. LEEK. 1126 MARKET ST.; _______
cvi i.icg_t Sunday -i tin noon, dentistry taa^ht
COLTO.V DENTAL ASSOCIA iION. Wi -IAR-
' tat tt, DR. CHARLEs W. DECKER
Sn A' SET TOR Tt.ETH— WARRANTED Ai
91 good as can be made; filling fl. DR «IMM___
«eniltu 630 Market s: next MM* Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. tOe: CROWN
oridge work aspedalty: plates $5 op: lSyearf
experience. R L WALSH. k_..\ Slsa-, Geary.
I IK. l-UDLL'M hif.i. 144 i MARKET aT, XX,
XJ Eleventh; no charts lor. extracting whea
plates are made: eld plates made over T.ks tew;
leeto from ts per set: extracting Boa; gus given.
"IVR GEORGE W. LEKK. THE GENU INS
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer ot pamleaa extnetloa
. and patentee of improved - bridge work or teotn
MUMM any plate, moved from teio 20 ir T'arreJii.
ALL WORK "LE ASONABLE AND _____*•
ranted. DR J. _>. KEY. 1 .■■_.<- Tdarsat __.
• LEGAL NOTICES.
THE CALIFORNIA DE3RI*. COMMISSIOX
having received applications to mine by tbe hy-
draullc process fro.v CHARLEs and BEN HOW.
LET . . in the How.eit claim, near Columbia Hill
Nevada County. 10 deposit tailings ln ' isnapp Ra-
vine, and from the Margu n c Gravel and Quarts
Mining lompa-v. a the Marque ite mine, in
Eureka ..lining district, Nevada v . uniy. to deposit
■_"..•■_.' ravine, gives notice iha: a meeiint
will be held at room 59. Flood bonding, san Fran-
cl.co Cal.. on Slay 10. 1897. at 1:30 p. v.
CITY AND 'COUNTY* TREASURY. SAN
\_> Franciscv.. April 15. 1897.— la compliance
with the provision < of section 3 of order 1598 of
tbe Boar o- sup 'rvtsors, approved September 15,
1880, there will be -void at public auction by hi a.
spear & Co.. at their salesrooms. 31 and »3 Sutter
street, on . -_-
MONDAY, MAT 17,
At 10 o'clock a. x. sundry articles of stolen, lost
and unclaimed property recovered by the police
force of San Francisco, i , detailed in an inventory
thereof on Hie In. the cffice of ho « lerk of the
Bourn of Supervisors, and ' consisting of jewe.ry
wearing apparel, pl.iol . knives, etc.: also a lot of
trunks, valises, clothing, etc. property of deceased
Persons received from tbe Corouerof this city and
. Connty. Open fur Inspection on morning of sale,
A. C. WIDBKR,
' • City and County Treaso rer.
Additional Classified Advertise*
ments on Page 11.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The followin- marriage Ifconsss have beei
Issued by the County Clerk's office:
Phillip Golds tone and Catherine Clayton .23—22.
C. L. 51 arks and Jeaanette Roblt3cber. 28—20
William E. Best and Ada C Simpson. 3 v— 24.
Henry L. Clark and C'allie F. Jones. 43—26.
D. C. Conrtney and Hannah <»'C'aTag. _-i._: 7—2...
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, taarriage and death notices sent br -_\
will not le Inserted. They most be handed In at
either of the pobticatloa offices and beindorssl
wiihthe name and residence of perjoui aathoriMi
10 nave the same publish. L 1
BORN.
BAKER— In tnis citr, April 19. 1597, to the wife
of Joan H. Baker, a son. J
LOCK-— in this city. April 26, 1897. to the wire
of R M. Locke, a son. - ■ ,' •>__'-_■!
SMITH— April 29, 1537. to the wife of George W.
-smith, a son., . . : . - - ■■* - .
MAKlllti).
BECKER — MAYSENHALDER — In; this city.
April 25, I .37. m- .he Rev. Mr. Ross. Chares
August Teckerand Louise P. Maysenhalaer.
BERNsTEIN-COHEN— In this city, April 25.
1897. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Louis Bernstein
and Hannah Cohen.
FLEISCHiIAN— COLEMAN- In this city. April
21,1897. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Maihlas R.
Flelschman and Mirtha.W. Coleman.
FOLEY-UARTUN-t-I*. this city. April -28.
1 .97. by Judge Cook, D.J. Foley of Yes. mile
Valley and Emma Hartung of ban Francisco.
HORN— De CAMP-In this city. April 28. 1t.97,
by tne Rev. W. IX loud. Oeor.**. H. Horn of San
Francisco and Gertrude J. de Camp of Hay-
wards.
LE WIN-GOODMAN— In thi- city. April 27.1897,
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Leon Lewiu and Lil-
llan Knocinnn.
I*iEL*.
Anderson, F. Grady. Edwin J.
Barner. Anna Hirschbacb, Joseph
Bennett Elizabeth McNamara James, P.
Bo* l.v, Frank H. Mills. Robert
Boynton. John C. Nesbltt. Joseph R.
Rryant. John i-chusler. Joseph F.
Collins, Mary. A. Schumacher. *-«rah
'"ostetlo.'Joiephind Sharker. Lawrence
Fowler. Edgar S. Sternberg, Rjsalta
Gardiner. Everett W. Sullivan, Michael
v
ANDERSON— In this city. April 27. 1597. F. An-
derson, a native of Sweden, nged 37 years.
BARN EB— ln thi . city. April 2S, 1897. Anna, be-
loved wife of Charles Baroer. and sister of Henry
and clam Kemme. a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 24 years 7 months and 16 dayi
[New York papers please copy,
H3--FrienTj and nrouai-raace-i ar" resoic--
fuil - invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at _ o'clock P. mt.. from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr A Co.; -I__>_* Mlsdoa sires.,
near Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BENNETT— In this * city. April 29. 1897, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Josepti Bennett, mother of
Maggie and Mabel Bennett. daushfer of Richard
and thela:e jlar.- J. Magee. and sister of Mrs.
H. R. Harrison, Mrs. __. E. Case and MarshalL
John, Richard, Wesiey and George Magee. a na-
tive of Sonoma, <_»*., aged 26 years 1 month and
2 das.
BOWLEY— In this city, April 28, 1897, Frank H..
beloved husband of -Laura Rowley, a i..t. .'.- *...'
Ch el-IP*. Mais., aged 40 rears
taT ßemains at the parlors of McAvov <fc Gal-
lagher, 20 Fifth street.
BOYNTuN— In ih.. city, April 28, 1H97. John C,
beloved son or Charles K. and Katherine Boyn-
ton, a native of Saa Francisco, aged 2ri years 3
mon-bsaa<r_ dava
WTli, funeral will take placa THI3 DAY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m_. from Holy Cross
Churen. Burial private. Please omit flowers.
BRYANT— In this city, April 28. 1897. Joh v. : be-
loved husband or Marina P. Bryan., a native of
England, aged 63 years 5 mon:h_* and 19 daya
COLLINS— In this citr. Mary A., beloved wife of
R J. Collina daughter of Jame-t and the lata
Bridget Reid, and sister of Mrs. M. B. McGowan,
Mrs. P. a. Kearney and Joseph. George and
William Held, a native of Llverpo<_, England,
aged 29 years 7 months and 9 daya
tiTfrtends and acquaintances are respect-
ful v larked 10 .mend .he funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m.. from her laia
reside .cc, 1366 stev.usou street, between Rid-
ley and Hermann, hence to su Josepn'a
Cburch, Tenth and Howard streets. Interment
private.
COsTELLO— In this city. April 29.1897. Joseph-
ine, beloved daughter of Michael and Margaret
Costeilo, and sister of Dolly, Eva, James, Gertie,
Ru.h and Mildred Costeilo, a native of aau
Traucisco. aged 8 years 2 months and 9 dava
FOWLER-In 'takland. April 27. 1 .97. Edgar S.
Fowler, a native of New Tor*, aged 43 year, and
7 months.
GARDINER— In Honolulu. Apnl 10. 1897. Ever-
ett Ward, beloved son of Ba.dwta Gardiner, a jel
27 years 3 months ana 1 day*
GRADY— In this city, April 28, 1897. Edwin J.
Grady, beloved brother of Jam.i T. Joan H.,
Mollie H., Robert E. and Theodore GraJy. Mrs.
Kate F. Fish bourne aud Mrs. Emma McFadden,
a native of Union iillL Tuolumne County, Car,
aged 34 years.
aW trends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral THIS JAY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'cioc_ a. if., from his late
r-i.t:etice. 503 Golden Gate avenue, tbence 10
st. Mary's CathedraL Van Ness avenue anl
CFarred street, - where a requiem high mas*
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. it. Intermeu;
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
N. S. G. W.— California Parlor Na 1. Officers and
Members: You are hereb- notified to attend the
funeral of oor late brother, Edwin J. Grady,
THIs DAY (Friday). Please assemble at your '
hall at 8:30 a m.. tbence to 003 Golden Gate ave-
nue. HOWARD HERRING TON, Pres.
Fk*sk B. Ryan, -ecretary.
HIRSCH BACH— in this city, April 28,1897. Jo-
seph Hirs hbach, a native of Manheim, Ger-
• m .ny . a at 35 years.
tw Friends ar-« reoecttnllr Invited to atten l
the funeral THIS DAY (r riday). at 1.43
o'clock p. <_ rrom fc'nai B'rith li .-.11. Eddy stra:- .
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,- by 3:30
p. m train from Third and Town .end streets.
McN'A-J AHA — In this div. April 2», 1897. James
Francis, beloved husband of Kate McNamara,
and father ot Jamea Mary, Lillie, Katie. Joba
•d Annie McNamara, a native of Boston,
Maaa. aged 43 years. (Boston (Mass.) paperi
p. ease copy. j
Air Friends and acquaintances are resp-.*.-
-fnity Invited toattend '.lie funeral THIS DAY
i Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m.. from the par-
I< ra ct the United Undertaker*. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, luence 10 St. Joseph's Church for serv-
ices. Intermen; Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MILLS— Near Belmont, San Mateo County. April
28. 1897, Robert Mills, a native of England, aged
73 years 4 months and 7 days.
NRsBITT— In this city, April 23. .897. Joseph
Ro lie, beloved son of J. It. and Lizzie Nes-.it.
grandson of Mra H. Smiles, and nephew of J. R.
aad W. T. Nesbit: and Dosia and J. and Mary I.
bin lies, a native of san Frauctico, aged 3 years
10 months and 29 days.
SCHUMACHER— In this city, April 29, 1897.
, Sarah, beloved wife of Henry D. Schumacher,
mother o! Florence, May and Henry D. Schu-
macher Jr. and sister of Jobn and William
Crockard, Mrs. James Johnston, Mrs.- James
Grotto and Frank and Esther Crock aid, a native
. . of aaa Francisco, aged 31 years 6 months and 7
days. Past Grand councilor ot Bradford coun-
cil Na 190. __. of F.
Friend? and acquaintances are res .»?•-
fully invited toattend the funeral TO-MoRROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. * from her late
residence. 4013 Elgnteenth %re.*--_. between Noe
and >anc___. - Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCUUSTER-In th city. April 29. 1897. Joseph
F. . beloved husband of Filommia Schuster, and
father of Joseph F., Lydia, BenjamtD. Annie and
William Schuster, a native of Germany.
43~Notice of funeral ner***- **r .-'",
SHARKEY -In this dty. April 29.. 1897. Law*
rence, beloved husband of the late Marr Shar-
key, aid - lather of Mr _.' M. J. May and L. P.
Sharkey, a native of County Wickljw, Ireland.
aged 7.1 year*. ...
STERNBERG-In this city. April 29. 1397. Rosa-
lia, beloved wife of David Sternberg, and mother
of Mrs. R. Silverman and Clara, Jennie, Sadie.
Louis. Morris and Henry Sternberg, a native of
Germany, aged 60 years.
SULLIVAN— In East Oakland. April 28, 1837.
Michael sulllvan. father of Oeorge and Marguer-
ite Sullivan, a native of County Clare, Treiand,
aged 6 1 years 4 months and 4 days. .....
•Kg" Friends and acquaintances are reso*c*.-
-fnliv invited to attend me funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. *.. from his late
, residence. 680 Ear*. Fourteenth stree;, tnence to
St. Anthony's Charch, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated tor tne repose of
his soul commencing at 10 o'clock ._ «. Inter-
ment S- Mary *.*» - •■err. Oakia id.
~~ McAVOY A CALLACHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A LITER.,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
NOTICE.— THE BUSINESS. OF MtAVOV
A GAI.LA-H R wlli be. conducted at the
ok! stand. No. 20 Fifth streeu for the benefit
Of the widow or tb* late HENRY J. GALLAvi-
HER and hU sister, MISS ANNIE i. GALLAG-
HER, __. _-;-«. H. J. GA.. LaGHER.
ANNIE B. GALLAGHER.
E. McAVOY, UNDERTAKER.
- I ..... Market street.
.U. B SIcAVOY. MANAGER.
'.. .— Office Telephone South 147.
Residence Telepho c. Pine 'JlBl-
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER
GANTNSR & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
» mod 10 CITY HALL __UAR_;.
Telephone south 432:
LAUREL HILL
; ASSOCIATION
IS PREPARED TO CONTINUE THE SALS
ot burial plats and era-res In lv cemetery amt
glre deeda
- _ Perpetual care of lota win be arranged for at tha
Superintendent's office .st the cemetery, corner
Bosh street and Central avenue. San Francisco,
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO ___________ NEAREST CE3I&
__? :-.-;.- to the city: noo-sectarian : la uojeo««»
ciu.ive: location unexcelled. Office cVVi ""^.st
I *u_<: (, M>UlllK«4l corner 01 ;._..—
1314
EASTERN
PEACHES
FROSTED
Her Crop Will Not Exceed
One-Tenth of Last
Year's.
NIPPED IN THE BUD AND
BLOOM.
Leaving a Splendid and Profit
ab'e Opening for California
Fruits.
SEVERE FROSTS IN MANY EAST
ERN STATES.
In Ccns'qu-nce the Price of Canned
Peaches Has Already Risen
in New York.
Porter Bros. & Co. received a letter yes
terday which will be of much interest to
California lrn it-grow It is to the
effect that the Eastern fruit crop will be
short this year. The following is a copy
of the letter:
Chicago, April 22, 1897.
It may interest you 10 know that, in an in
terview with a prominnut green iruit man a
day or two since he informed us that, owing
to the uniavorable season so far, the
peach crop in Georgia will not exceed one
tenth that ot last year. He also confirmed
what we have seen in the papers, that we have
had recently severe frosts on the western
shore Micnigan, though it Is probably yet
too early lor nnv serious damage to result.
This morning we notice telegrams in our
papers from the South of bad Hosts ihat have
injured quite extensively tne blosoming
fruit trees and vines. We, of course, give you
this information tor what it is worth, but we
know we have had a. very late spring, and
quite severe frosts in our own vicinity this
week. A gentleman from Indianapolis was in
our office yesterday and reported a severe
frost for a section of fifty miles about there,
and he is very con rid. Nt (Km age has been done
to the fruits. This information may not be
very valuable as yet, but it may be "straw"
to indicate that a crop so large as last year's
cannot be equaled this.
Mr. Porter said to a Call reporter yes
terday : "Letters received to-day from
New York advise us tbat Baltimore can
ners have advanced their prices on canned
peaches very materially, owing to the
damage to the peninsular peach crop,
many of them asking $1 a dozen more on
gallon fruit than before the report d
damag.e"
OSBORNE MUST RESIGN.
The Directors of the animals' Society
-Yant a New Poundmas
ter.
Frederick A. Osborne, for the past four
years tbe Pound master, stands a pood
chance of losing his job. At a recent
meeting of the Society lor the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals it was found that
the expenses of the society are too bur
densome to be pleasant, in fact it was run
nine behindhand at the rate of $900 a
year. While the Poundmaster is ap
pointed by the Supervisors still it is under
the care and direction of the society.
At the meeting referred to a committee
of five was appointed to ask of Mr. Os
borne if he would serve for nothing or re
sign. Yesterday the society met, and the
Poundmaster gave his reply by letter, in
which he demanded a salary of $75 per
month from January 1, 1597. He declined
to resign. In order to get the sense of the
members a vote to pay Mr. Osborne. the
salary demanded was lost by 7 to 4. A
ballot to see if that salary should be paid
from May 1 was lost by the same vole.
The proposition was then made to ask
Mr. Osborne to resign, and the vote was
7 ior and 3 against, oue director declining
to vote. A committee was thereupon ap
pointed, composed of Messrs. Stevens,
Lissak, Holmes, Gruenhagen and Colonel
Jackson, to see Mr. Osborne and ask him
to step down and out. In the event of his
refusing to resign the committee will pe
tition the Boara of Supervisors to declare
Mr. Osborne's position vacant and to ap
point as his successor Charles B. Hol
brook, the secretary of the society. This
action was taken in view of the fact that
hereafter the headquarters of the society
will be at the Animals' Home, on Six
teenth and Alabama streets, and Mr. Hol
brook can attend to both positions. The
JtHw to-dat:
( £> jbl MOTHERS
_? AT* . ._l____\ -*- A recovering from
: i_-_____Kr* v \ tae --- ness at -
j^^jj^^^^^B^ birth, or who suf-
___^_^ll(^^-_r^___t , N *' f " ects o,r disorders,
-•_____-^*^/ mTs// < * eran *? * :ienl *3
_^-^n__A_' an( * displace-
mf Xj J jyfciSu/ ments of the wo-
J? -C__-VjV_J manly organs,
will find relief
and a permanent cure in Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription. Taken during
pregnancy, the ''Prescription"
HAKES CHILDBIRTH EASY
by preparing the system for parturition,
thus assisting Nature and shortening
"labor." The painful ordeal of child-
birth is robbed of its terrors, and the
dangers thereof greatly lessened, to both
mother and child. The period of confine-
ment is also greatly shortened, the
mother strengthened and built up, and an
abundant secretion of nourishment for
the child promoted. If
THE MARRIED WOMAN
be delicate, run-down, or overworked, it
worries her husband as well as herself.
This is the proper time to build up her
strength ana cure those weaknesses, or
ailments, which are the cause of her
trouble. Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion dispels aches and pains, melancholy
and nervousness, brings refreshing sleep
and makes a new woman of her.
Mrs. Adram T.vor.. of Lorraine, Jefferson Ca.,JY.
V.. writes " I had been _«_sg__k.
suffering from ulceration mmmT&mmmm~-
and railing ofthe womb. _^B_s«sffl£s-S---E_V
forseveralyears. or since i^W_^i^^Ba&f' , !f*?L
the birth of" mv youngest __£-Sa3B*""*VHjg'aP
child. I consult.**., all-lie MSbmr*^ "__»♦
physicians around here A*s£3T Nf
and they gave rue iipai.d™jHP -~- _m\_W
•aid there was no help? §_* _o£ra>_3ca
me. UfcT *Es_---_-W!-n
At last, almost die-scour- '"■tj*., _- V I
• aged. I began talcing Dr. • fmXa\ I
Pierces Favorite Pre- \ _! _ -***---
scription and took five mltk o *2& m £-—.
bottles. It is three years /mVmT^sm ~ JEram
.since and I have not r\^AWßjSf-. -€_S_9s_^_Bl_»
•ny return trouble. *W •^^ht\\r*oTjr/y
I feel very grateful, and . ■*""*-"-•■"'
in fact, owe you my life. • Mrs. Lyon.
for I do not think I should have been alive now
Hi had not taken your medicine."
members declare that in making thi-.
change the interests ol economy only bave
been considered.
AN IMPORTANT DECISION.
Certain Powers of Boards of Supervis
or* Defined by the Supreme
Court.
A very important matter was decided
yesterday by the Supreme Court in the
ca^3 of C. C. Merriam, an attorney of
Fresno, against H. E. Barnum, the Au
ditor of Fresno County. The importance
lies in the fact that the upper court shows
clearly the lack of power of county Boards
of Supervisors to employ special counsel.
On July £9. 1895, the Fresno Courthouse
was partly destroyed by fire and at the
next session of the board Mr. Mertiam
was, by resolution, appointed as special
counsel of the board to attend to all mat
ters pertaining to the reconstruction of
the courthouse, insurance matters, etc.
fie was to receive $125 per month for his
services.
The Supreme Court in its decision states
that the city or District Attorney is the
legal adviser of Boards of Supervisors and
to attend to all legal business for the
same. Only in cases where the county is
a party can special council be employed
io assist the District Attorney. Speaking
of the Supervisors' contract with Merriam
the Supreme Court says:
If this could be done in the face of the law
which limns the power of Boards of Super
visors to the employment of counsel to prose
cute or defend suits, then lt might be done for
any purpose that would meet the views of a
complaisant board. * * * We would have
special counsel for such boards, under sal
aries for $125 a month, advising upon road
matters, others advising upon the collection
of insurance » • » still others upon the
numberless legal propositions which at one
time or another are presented for the consider
ation of such executive bodies. However val
uable the services of the appellant may have
been to the county in this instance, to permit
compensation for them would be to override
the law and to destroy one of the strongest
safeguards cast about tbe expenditure of
county funds.
XV. T. Andrews' Concert.
There was a very large gathering in the
auditorium of the Young Men's Cnristian As
sociation building, the occasion being a fare
well concert given by William T. Andrews,
the leading tenor of St. Luke's Churcb, prior
to his departure tor Europe, where he is to
study music. Mr. Andrews entered the church
choir when a very young boy and he has re
mained there ever since. He -has many
friends. The programme lust evening was
very interesting and consisted ol ten numbers
by such well-known vocalists as the Calilornia
quartet, Arthur Ficklnscher, Miss Relf.-Byler,
Louis Heine and Mr. Andrews.
NOTES OF THE THEATERS
De Wolf Hopper Will Soon
Succeed the Min
strels.
*-*• Shamus O'Brien " Is a Winner at
the Tcvoli— Mrs Dimond's
Departure. ,
Primrose and West's minstrels have
only a few more nights in which to war
ble and give their variety turns at the
Baldwin. On Monday De Wolf Hopper
and his dainty little better half, Edna
Wallace Hopper, will open in Sousa's
operetta, "El Capitan," which has never
yet been played on the Pacific Coast. The
work is light and amusing and scintillate,
with Sousa in riches. In order 10 saturate
the performance with an atmosphere of
the waltz king a complete military brass
band is employed in the presentation.
De Wolf Hopper plays the part of a bragga
docious soldier, and has elected to appear
in a make-up resembling the pictures of
Cervantes' hero, Don Quixote.
Tho few carping critics who prophesied
that Irish opera could never be a success
in this City are having their predictions
set at naught, for "Shamus O'Brien" is
filling the Tivoli at every performance
and the advance sale of seats is very
large. Next Monday evening the Bohe
mian Club, of which Denis O'Sullivan is
a member, will give a large theater party
at the Tivoli in honor of his appearance
there.
The rim and spirit in "A Run on the
Bank" have caught the fancy of Colum
bia patrons, and tbe consequence is that
the house is crowded nightly. Ward and
Yokes have surrounded themselves with
a company of clever fun-makers, and.
some of their specialties are new and
fetching. Next w-ek there will be an en
tire change of *-ongs, dances, en. The
spectacular attraction, "Excelsior Jr.,"
will follow "A Run on the Bank."
Tbe Columbia management has been
advised by T. Daniel Frawiey, who Is now
in New York, that he has nearly com
pleted his new company, and it will make
its initial bow to a San Francisco audience
on Monday evening, May 31. and will be
composed of the following ladies and gen
tlemen: Frank Worthing, J. M. Colville,
Theodore Hamilton, T. Daniel Frawiey,
Harry Corson Clarke, Wilson Enos, H. a!
D.iffieid, Gos Bosworth, Thomas Ross,
William Lemon, Blanche Bales, Grace
Henderson, Phoso McAllister, Gladys
Wallis, Madge Carr Cook and Georgia
Bus bey.
Among the plays to be presented during
the season are: "The Fatal Card," "Two
Little Vagrants," .'Sue," "The Henrietta,"
"Aristocracy," "Social Highwayman."
"Tne Case of Rebellious Susan." "Shenan
doah," and a number of others, among
which are several new plays that Manager
Frawiey secured while In Europe.
Steele Mackaye's "A Noble Roj-ue" is
far more consistent and human in its in
terest than the average melodrama, and
it is receiving a good presentation at the
hands of the Alcazar Company. It is a
new departure for this pretty little theater
to indulge in sensational scenic effects,
but although the stage is not very spacious
lor a spectacular display, the bridge scene
is very cleverly and arti-ticaliy arranged,
and never fails to elicit applause.
Mrs. F. M. Bates does some of tbe best
work in the performance as a colored
nurse. Her prayer is a striking bit of
natural acting.
"The Smugglers" gives the Grand an
opportunity of some fine nautical scenic
effects. The scene where a ship is burn
ing at sea is one of the best stave pictures
that Morosco has ever mounted. "The
Smugglers" is well acted and has some
clever specialties.
Alexander Tacianis, the male soprano,
is the most popular attraction at the Or
pbenm this week. His soprano warblings
win him plenty of admirers, and he wins
the friendship of the gallery by the humor
ous way in which he adorns his vocaliza
tion with unexpected notes in a deep bary
tone voice.
Mrs. Carey Higby Dimond has dram
atized one of the "Arabian Night" stories,
"Ali Baba; or. The Forty Thieves," and
she proposes to produce it at the Audi
torium to-morrow night. Mrs. Dimond
has reserved for herself the role of Margi-
I ana, and discarding the baggy trousers
usually associated with the lancinating
slave will wear tights. It would no doubt
have astonished the worthy Ali Baba ex
cessively to see the lady who did so much
for him and for his family thus arrayed,
but "other times, other manners," as the
French say, and Ali Baba did not live in
an age of burlesque.
_> — ♦ — _.
.The American Quern.
Monthly fashion journal ; beautiful col
ored frontispiece; ready. May 1; register
your name at our stores and get same
free. Kohl berg, Strauss & Frobman, 107
Post street and 1220 Markeu *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1897.
POSTMASTER
THE OFFICE
HE WANTS
Benjamin F. McKinley
Makes Vigorous Entry
Into the Field.
SIX THOUSAND NAMES ON
HIS PETITION.
He Is Now the Worthy Super
intendent of Station F, on
Sacramento Street.
THIS RICHMOND'S ENTRY IS
SUDDEN.
A Respected Civil Service Govern*
ment Clerk Whose Ambition May
Worry Some Good Peop c.
President McKinley's uncle, Benjamin
F. McKinley, who is a well-known and
respected citizen of San Francisco and
now superintendent of station F post-
BENJAMIN F. McKINLEY, Uncle of the President, Who Has
Begun a Vigorous Campaign for the Local Postmastership*
office, is after the postmastership here
with very flattering prospects of stepping
into Mr. McCoppin's shoes. .'.''.-.
The people here and at Washington who
have been worrying about this large and
ripening California plum have not been
taking the President's uncle into the
reckoning, but they will do so now.
Within a week his friends have secured
6000 signatures to the petitions they are
quietly circulating. Mr. McKinley has
kept his ambition quiet until a few days
ago, when the circulation of the petition
was b gun, and tbat operation has been
kept as quiet as it was convenient to do.
Mr. McKinley's Iriends say he is seek
ing the ottice not because be is a relative
of the President but because he has been
long in the postal service and has hart
this ambition for three or four years,
having made up his mind to seek the ap
pointment long before his nephew's name
bad been heard of in connection with the
Presidency.
Under the circumstances a popular pe
tition is naturally regarded as a wise ac
companiment to his application, and it
will doubtless be a formidable one. This
petition will be something for others who
reckon on political pulls alone to take
heed of.
Uncle Benj - mm F. McKinley is G4 years
of age, ana oas been a California)! since
1859. He was born in Ohio, and in ear!.
lile went farther fortb into the world than
did the sire of the president. He came to
San Francisco in the year mentioned, by
way of Panama, sailing in the old North
Star, which was eked on that trip. In
1882 be was honored by ins neighbors In
bedig' elected to the Assembly irom the
old Tenth district, now the Fortieth.
He entered the postal service as a clerk
the next year, and he has been a postal
clerk at $1000 a year since that iime. • Dur
ing the past two years he has been the
superintendent of station F postoffice,
which is now located at Fillmore and Sac
ramento streets. Being regulated by civil
service rules he was prevented from tak
ing any active part in the last campaign,
when the family lame was so greatly at
stake.
After the inauguration of William Mc-
Kinley, Mr. McKinley, who bad not' been
East to the old home for thirty-eight
years, revisited the old place, and then in
Washington he saw the inaugural pomp
and circumstance and the greatness ot his
nephew made sure.
He is a medium-sized man with the ap
pearance of good citizenship and good
sense, a manner that is irank and pleas
ant and a face that indicates intelligence
and force of character.
"It is true tbat I am an aspirant for the
posimastersbitc, and it's nothing that I
am ashamed of," he say... "I want it to be
known, however, that I would have tried
to get tne appointment just tht* same if
mv nenhew had not become the Presi
dent. I bnd made up my mind' to it a
long time ago, and so said to come of my
friends more than two years ago. I ex
pect opposition on the score of my rela
tionship to the President, but I am mak
ing my debt purely on a busi
ness basis and not on a political or per
sonal one. I have 'been many years in
the postal service, understand its needs
and believe that 1 have the confidence of
the business community."
Italian Carpenters Entertain.
__. übiuu varpeniers' ana Joiners Union
No. 95 held its first annual celebration Wednes
day evening at Washington-square Hail, on
Union and Stockton streets. Tnere was a
laree attendance from the other carpenters'
unions. Alter the literary and musical enter
tainment the union and tneir guests enjoyed
a sumptuous banquet. The union, which has
a large: membership, will hold its first picnic,
in German. a Gardens, Harbor View, on May 9.
GERMAN SALOON MEN.
They Take Action Concerning Trade
Mutters.
The following correspondence explains
itself and makes clear the recent action of
the German Saloon-keepers' Association:
'- - _ '. San Francisco, April 29, 1897.
Editor Call— Sik :lu last Sunday's CALL you j
stale that at the last meeting of the German I
Saloon-keepers' Association "C G. Keller.
infield Scott land the Saloon Man's Journal
were denounced for opposition to the Cali
fornia State Protective Association," etc.
Inasmuch as 1 was secretary of the Califor
nia State Protective Association in the two
years ol its existence— lß9s and 1896— aad am
to-day secretary of the California Protective
Association, which is now composed entirely
of wholesale liquor-dealers, it would seem that
my German friends must think that I am in
the but>iue_s oi slaughtering my own people.
I am assured by Mr. John O. Hagler, president
of the German Saloon-keepers' Association,
that thai organization neither ''denounced"
me nor the Saloon Man's Journal, in which I
own an interest. I append Mr. Hauler's com
munication. Yours, Win-field Scott.
San Francisco, Cal.. April 29, 1897.
Editor (all— Your article in last Sun
day'?, issue, headed "Saloon Men Angry," does
Winfield Scott and tice Saloon Man's Journal
au injustice which 1 wish that you would cor
rect. No resolutions were pas-ed co: '.tinning
him or the paper.
The German Saloon-keeper*' Association has
always been on friendly terms with Mr. Scott,
and we have nothing to do or to say as to his
private business. His relations with the or
ganization have been uniiormly friendly. As
secretary of the California Protective Associa
tion in 1894 and of the Caliiornt- State Pro
tective Association in 1895 and 1896, and now
as secretary of the Calnornia Protective Asso
ciation, we have always been on the best
terms with him.
We have no desire to injure him or his busi
ness, and trust that you will find it convenient
to do him this justice. Very truly yours,
Jons O. Hagi.ee,
President German Saloon-keepers' Association.
Claiming a Big Estate.
Albert GefTeney, Deputy United States Im
migration Commissioner, and Charles H., his
brother, have forwarded to the Probate Court
at Melbourne a petition asking that they be
a 1 judged, with an aunt in Manchester, J.. H.,
the lawiul heirs at law of John GefTeney, a
wealthy man who died there three years ago.
They allege that the deceased was their
paternal grßiiduncle. The estate Is said to be
worth $1,000,000.
SOME CHINESE EVIDENCE
Wong Vow's Attempt to Enter
as a Native-Born Citi
zen.
Testimony of a White Man Flatly
Contradicting Affidavits of
Mongol i-n_.
Chinese testimony received a setback
yesterday in United States Court Commis
sioner Heacock's court in the habeas
corpus case of Wong Vow.
When Wong Vow, a young cooly, ar
rived from China a lew weeks ago he pre
sented affidavits of several Chinamen to
the effect that he was born in Redding, in
this State, and was therefore eligible to
become President of the United States
and to appoint a Collector of the Port..
Collector Wise didn't believe the affida
vits, particularly because they were con
tradictory, and ordered the free-born
American citizen to be deported to China.
A writ of habeas corpus- was secured and
the affidavit witnesses, or Chinamen an
swering to the same names, appeared be
fore Commissioner Heacock a week or so
ago and swore tbat tbey were in tbe laun
dry at Redoing on the night on which Vow
was brought into the world, and tbat it
was their delight for two years thereafter
to watch his toddling footsteps and to
bear his baby lips lisp pretty monosylla
bles expressive of his delight on being
born an American citizen.
Then, possibly in order that there might
not be a link missing in the evidence
when this wonderful man child should re
turn from. China to shoulder a white
workiugman out of a job, he was accom
panied to China by one of the witnesses,
who took up his residence about a block
away from tbe Vow family and lived there
six or more years. '"""'.'..
The trouble with the witnesses was that
they .testified not wisely but too well, and
they got themselves disbelieved. Yester
day afternoon another nail .was driven
into the coffin of their veracity, by a white
witness named W. W. Williams of Red
ding. Mr. Williams was in. business in
that town twenty years ago as a grocer
and the Wong Vow family never lived
there. In fact, there were only two laun
dries and a total population ot only thirty
Chinese there .at tbat .time, with no
women, children nor families..
Commissioner Heacock said that he had
been favorably impressed with the appear
ance and manner of the witness, a rep
utable citizen and pioneer, and that the
attorneys lor Vow would have to break it
down if they expected to keep their client
in California. .-,"*..
The hearing was continued until Satur
day, when Judge Bell and Judge Bush of
Shasta will be called as witnesses on be
half of Vow. -' .-/^T-r. *..' •"".■** ■*.'--./ ,'
MAY TRY
TO OUST
WEBSTER
The Board of Education
Takes an Entirely
New Tack.
SUPERINTENDENT IS IN
DANGER.
School Census Tangle Leads to
Fresh and Novel Com
plications.
AUDITOR BRODERICK TAKES A
HAND.
Will Not Sign Warrants for Census
Marshals Unless Approved
by Webster.
The bombshell that Superintendent of
Public Schools Webster exploded in the
camp of the Census Committee of the
Board of Education daring the meeting of
the committee of the whole on Wednes
day evening has borne fruit, and there
has been a wild scurry ever since to find
some way out of the difficulties pointed
out by the Superintendent.
Yesterday ere was a close conference
wiih the attorney of the board, and, as a
result, there is 8 new phase to the matter
that is fully as startling as the original
one.
On the advice of the attorney the Cen
sus Committee will contend that the law
on which Mr. Webster bases his allega
tions tbat the census, as now conducted,
is illegal, relates to county boards, and
not to those of cities; that the board is
authorized to act independently of the
Superintendent, and that Mr. Webster has
no power to interfere.
Having gone thus far, a new idea
struck the committeemen.
If Mr. Webster is not a City Superinten
dent, as has been decided by the Supreme
Court, has not the board the power to ap
point a City Superintendent to succeed
him?
The idea was a magnificent one in the
mind of the director wbo evolved it, and
the attorney was instructed to delve deep
into the statutes and ascertain whether
or not a case to oust the superintendent.
end install his successor, would have a
standing in court.
Ii now appears that the communication
of Mr. Webster to the committee of the
whole was far more pointed and bristling
with bints at illegal acts than appeared
from the inkling of the matter that
leaked through closed doors. Mr. Web
ster showed the board that those in
charge of the census work and the mar
shals themselves had ignored tbe law as
he interpreted it in many ways. His for
mal communication was as follows:
San Francisco. April 26, 1897.
To the Hon. Charles L. Barrington, President,
and Members of the Board of Education in and
for the City and County if San Francisco— Gent
[__□_____._ 1* rchpeetfully direct your attention to
the-e -facts: That appointments of census
marshals must be made by the Board of Edu
cation on or before the Ist day of April. There
is no legal provision for the board to delegate
this p.ropative and duly. Hence, if census
marsnals become incapacitated and unab.e to
serve, the Board of Kmu ation must name suc
cessors. Several persons are engaged and have
been engaged in taking the school census of
this City and Counly who have not been ap
pointed by the Board of Education.
That all appointments of census marshals
shall be subject to the approval of the Super
intendent oi Schools. That the names of only
three legally appointed census marshals have
been submitted for my approval.
' 'ihat before entering on the discharge of
their du'ies the census marshals must file
their oaths of office in the office of the Super
intendent of Schools.
No oaths of office have been filed In my
office.
That the services of Mr. Wardell and Mr.
McPherson performed prior to the 15th of
April, 1897, should be designated as clerical
service-.
I offer these statements to your considera
tion in a friendly spirit, that you may rectify
mistakes or supply those omitted formalities
of law that shall render the officers now serv
ing you as census marshals legal and thus
legalize their work.
Much credit is due Directors Gallagher and
Waller for the time and attention they have
given to the business of directing and taking
of the school census In and for this City and
County. Respectlully submitted,
R. H. WEBSTER,
Superintendent of Public bcnools.
Mr. Webster's reference to the duty of
the board to appoint all census marshals
cites the fact that a large number of men
were put to work by the Census Commit
tee alter the board had made the regular
appointments. Census Marshal Warctell
says that he put tbem on at tne orders of
the committee, and he ought to know.
These are the men appointed originally
at the open meetings of the board:
J. M. Prescott, Herman Armer, M. JCoppel,
Cleveland Carpenter, John Kinsella, J. J.
Cordy, Frank M. Horan, George Sand, James
Stevens, James McGrath, James O'Dounoll,
Thomas Mouahan. Al Bernstein, P. W. Darcy,
E. C. Palmer, Charles C. Wilson, .Charles
O'Conuell, J. T. Carberry, L. J. Welch, M.
Metzger, M. McMenomy, R. Burkhardt, L.
Elias, J. Simon, J. H. Pendergast, Thomas
Slavin, Met Abrahams, George Lacombe, James
Wren, Daniel Ward, William J. Kane. James
Murray, C. A. Jameson, Thomas T. Meagher.
Charles Hackmler, David Short.
Since that meeting the. following have
been put on the roll and are now or have
been at work:
M. Bloom, George H. Burke, T. Barry. James
T. Clancy, K. T. McCrosky, L Danielwitz,
Michael arrell. W. P. Ge.>rg e, James Healing
S. Jacobs J. J. Kelly, William Kline, W. C.'
Klrkp.it rick, J. T. Cre_.au, James Mulcreary.
E. J. McLaughlin, 11. McCiellan, T. P. Mine
han, R. H. Murray, J. J. McCarthy, Frank J.
Mahoney, R. Molloy, Josephine T. Molloy.
John O'Connell, J. E. O'Connor, George Cashei,
J. F. Riley, Andrew J. Ro he, Frank Slteliy,
Fred Scbuclgass, George J. Schweitzer, George
Woodward, James D. Welch, Jer Gam, Dan
Zlever, J. C.Bernstein, F. Rooney, J. Smith.
M. J. Doughertv, P. J. Carr. W. H. McDonald',
Fred Raabe, Miss Rlordan, John J. Fogarty,
Julius Colman, R. E. Low, H. Blancy, Hurt)
O'Toole, Tilden.
Auditor Broderick,- after reading Super
intendent Webster's letter to the board,
said that if it was as stated by tne Super
intendent there was' a grave doubt as to
the legality of the census, ana the matter
should be thoroughly investigated.
"Mr. Webster," he said, "has here the
opportunity to make the stand that the
dignity of .his office demands. If illegal
act. such as he mentions have been com
mitted it is his duty to refuse to recog
nize the census or the warrants of those
who have taken it. If he does not sitrn
them I certainly shall not. fie has the
power to compel the Board of Education
to do this work legally, and the members
cannot force him to accept the census un
less he choose;. ......
** .VI shail look thoroughly Into the law
governing the : school census and the ap
pointment governing deputy marshals,
and if more men are at work tban the law
allows the warrants will not be audited." \
A'KW TO-DAT— DRT GOOD.. : ;C* ** .
TO-DAY'S SPECIAL t«i
To-day four of our leading departments combine
in an offering of
BAEGAIKS IT ILL PAY TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF!
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
VZp— dozen 5- HOOK AND 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, black and colors, odd
mdOKj sizes, regular price $1. will be closed out at 25c a pair.
"A/,- 55 dozen 4-BUTTON DERBY KID GLOVES, embroidered backs, in navy blue
OUu and ulack, odd sizes, regular price $1 25, will be closed out at 50c a pair.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
8l p — No. 16 2-INCH ALL-SILK. COLORED SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON,
6U in assorted colors, value 12"_rc, will be offered at B"*4c a yard.
1()/»— No. 22 2*^- INCH ALL SILK. COLORED SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RlB-
auu BON, in assorted colors, value 20c, will be offered at 10c a yard.
|C)lp-No. 30 3K-INCH ALL-SILK, COLORED. SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIB-
J. __2*o BON, in assorted colors, value 25c, will be offered at l'_.>_.c a yard.
HOSIERY AND CORSETS!
O^p-100 dozen MISSES' FINE 1-1 RIBBED BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, all
m.*J\j sizes from 6t09, at 25c a pair.
1 O V— lOO dozen BOYS' HEAVY BLACK RIBBED COTTON HOSE, sizes 6 to 9K,
AmjAj will be closed out at 12>^c a pair. ;-':
2^^— dozen LADIES' NEW SHADES OX-BLOOD AND TAN COTTON HOSE
ou at 25c a pair.
IXp— ** case of THE CELEBRATED W. B. CORSETS, handsomely embroidered,
Ivu in all shades, will be closed out at 75c a pair.
BARGAINS IN NEW WAISTS!
r_n_^*~ LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, "Stanley" make, detachable col-
_»yV lars, worth 75c, will be offered at 50c eacb.
7Xp -LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, detachable collars, in all fancy
«ou stripes and figures, wortn $1, will be offered at 75c each.
•*-*._ 00~ LADIES ' LAUNDERED DIMITY SHIRT WAISTS, in all the latest pat-
VpA.UU terns, worth "Jl 50, will be offered at $1 each.
<£*•) ftn -I,AI)IES ' FINE DIMITY AND ORGANDIE WAISTS, in handsome pat-
V — •'-» terns, lat-st style, regular price $3 50, will b- offered at $2 50 each.
f MI M MURPHY BUILDING, /
{/[/ Market Street, Comer of Jones, /
Bcun Franoisoo. *
"LUCKY" BALDWIN
HAS ESCAPED
He Flees From Lillian Ash
ley to the Mines at
Randsburg.
Safety Is Assured in the Gold
Diggings of the Mojave
Desert.
A Fortune Is Awaiting the Hard-
Pressed Mil ionaire in Some of
His Southern Cairns.
Lillian Ashley, her sister Emma and
her baby will have to hunt farther for
"Lucky" E. J. Baldwin, the millionaire
hotel, horse and ranch owner. He has
gone away.
His immediate coterie of friends, at
torneys, hotel employes, stable-boys and
the creatures who are usually attaches of
men of wealth, have been saying all along
that he proposed going on a protracted
tour, and it was thereby and therefrom
intimated that his departure would be at
an early date.
Mr. Baldwin hastened matters more
rapidly even than was the recovery of the
fair Lillian, who has been in charge of the
tit. Luke's Hospital physicians since the
time she was forced to leave the Baldwin
Hotel. -••v; ; -*:
The young woman was expected to
emerge from ber sick chamber in a day or
two, but the millionaire decided he would
not wail -until that time, believing strongly
in the old adage that "discretion is the
better part of valor."
Baldwin, however, has not cone East.
He applied quite recently to the Board of
Police Commissioners for a permit to
carry a pistol, and his request was
granted. Then, feeling individually se
cure regardless of his bodyguard, he
dodged in and out the business sections
of the City arranging hi-* affairs, and be
jumped the southbound train yesterday
afternoon for Mojuve.
The man with whom Miss Lillian Ash
lev i* so anxious, to have a quiet little
talk about the maintenance of her baby is
on his way now to Randiburg, the great
mini district in the Mojave desert.
He has some eight claims there that are
very promising. There are the "Lucky
B," the "Anita" and the "Desert Rat"
among them, most promising. As a mat
ter of fact, according to Baldwin's own
statement, they are out eight miles from
Randsburg, in the Summit district, snow
ing eight leet of $25 free milling ore.
At this time, while there is nothing
much to be -gained here, ''Lucky" Bald
win believes he can find safe and profit
able employment in the gold district of
the desert, where it would be difficult for
femininity to assert itself.
EAUEE AGAINST SHAEKEY.
Bill Collector Pitted Against V Prize-
Pl|_hter In the Superior Court, i
The suit of J. J. Raver against Prize
fighter Thomas Saarkey for $900 was on
bearing before Judge Seawell yesterday.
The action was to collect a balance al
leged to be due for W. G. Smith's services
as trainer for Sharkev before his fight
with Fiizsimnioiis, in which the decision
was accorded to Sharkey on au. alleged
foul. Smith assigned his account to Rauef
for collection.". ,'
Smith testified that he made no special
contract with Sharkey, but depended- on
the usual compensation, which was under
stood to be 10 per cent of the purse won.
In this case Sharkey was awarded $10,000.
and Smith demanded $1000. He was paid
$100.
Judge Seawell heard argument on the
law points involved in the suit, and took
the case under advisement.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed as follows:
Charles M. Johnston against May Johnston
for desertion.
Minnie W. Collins against G. H. Collins for
cruelty. " - ,' .'-".*
'■'l KEW TO-DAY.
This lesson beats j
the biggest book, j
For her who'd be a
pastry cook.
Use fficpfy Bak-
ing Powder and
The finest extracts
in the land,
to-wit:
123 Tillmann & Bendel, _____
UC_uuG,Y' i -s___ t -*
\J SOLi. AUKXIS
ARMAND CAILLEAU,
COB. tiKABY ST. AND GUAM AYE.
DR. -WON'O -WOO,
Chin-*-*** Drug, Ten and Herb .u.iUinira,
776 C'l_y, Bet. Kearny and Uupont.
- 1 have Inns been a sufferer from mV^tmm.
troubles of the st-omacn. liver mid ' __-&___.
kidneys. The medicines of the dif- B^'iflflg
fcrent doctors who treated roe ?L»k^r
fnlv aggravated the dim. . In lfi-* a
eight wi-eics Ir. Wont: Woo, the IV* ■ 7
n.'hlneoe doctor, succeeded In -F______
bring. al> cut a rerfect cure, and _4<9Uw__t-_
lam now in .ho t-psl. cf health. I s^^'-K? l^.*)^
recommended him to mv country- %K^ 'J.*.'»'mWcV
r_en,> the Italian*.— a madko , m- ™ /I ™ • ' <■ ' 1
boiikn. 18*1 .Mission street,-*-*
Hours 'JiI.O in ll a. m.. 1 :30 to ... 7to 9 p m.
Wilt. Mai Veptafe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona* who
have us-id them for over forty venrs to cure
H CX H_R__.D_.GH__:, un.JC.___. EH*, ■-.*-> Tip .\_
TIO.n, Uiri'ct Liver, Weak ato much, 'Imples aad
purity the boon. <•.*,.':
GrossMi'sSwrisiSS
With mis remedy persons can curt. ; iliemselv.
without the least exposure, change of aiet or
change in application to business. The medl'clna
contains nothing that Is of the least Injury ioim
constitution. Ask our druggist lor it ttiAim ai
, a boit.e. * •*•''■ **