VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 66.
KILLED BY
A HERDER
Benjamin Henderson Slain
on His Mendocino
Ranch.
QUARRELED WITH ONE
OF HIS EMPLOYES.
Stabbed Because He Would Not
Meet a Demand for More
Wages.
/his slayer once arrested
\ for insanity.
The Culprit Claims He Was Attacked
and Compelled to Defend
Himself.
TKIAH, Cain, Feb. 3 —Benjamin Hen
derson, a pioneer of this county and one
of its wealthiest and most influential citi
zens, was killed this morning by a Mexi
can sbeepherder wno had been in his em
ploy lor Borne time. News of the affair
first reached here about 11 o'clock,
when James Cleveland, a rider on the
Howard ranee, reported the murder at the
Sheriff's oiiicp.
A party, consisting of Sheriff J. R. John
son, Under Sheriff Philo Handy, District
Attorney George A. Sturtevant, Coroner
J. H. Barker and several others, at once
left for the scene of the tragedy, about
three miles northeast of Ukiah. The
Russian River bank was full and it was
hardly deemed advisable to attempt to
ford it norm of this place, therefore the
party crossed on Clark bridge, southeast
of town. Upon its arrival at the scene of
the affray tne posse found an old Mexican
on the place. He had previously been de
scribed as the murderer and the officers
took him in charge. He was brought to
town and placed in jail by Sheriff John
son and Under Sneriff Handy.
When the jail was reached there was a
iargre crowd surrounding it, and cries of
"Bring a rope," and "Hang aim" were
hea-rd. This demonstration had been an
ticipated by the officers, and preparations
to effect a speedy transfer of the prisoner
.ac horse he was riding to the build
l id been made. The man was hurried
I j the jail and placed where no one
could reach him. No danger of mob law
is anticipated at this time.
At the jail the prisoner stated that his
name was Gregorie Ybarra. He had come
to this county three months ago from
Point Orford, Or., and had for the past
four weeks been in the employ of Hen
derson, cutting- wood and doing chores
about the ranch. This morninj;, accord
ing to his story, he asked Henderson to
pay him some money tnat was due him.
The rancher stated that Ybarra would
have to wait until he went to town to get
some money from the bank. A dispute
then arose as to the price to be paid for the
cutting ot some wood, Henderson claim
ing tnat he was to pay 75 cents for two
tiers, while Ybarra maintained that he
•yras to be paid that amount for each tier
of wood cut. Later the dispute was re
newei wien Henderson carried some of
the wcod into the house. Ybarra de-
mnrred and -hot words were exchanged.
Ybarra states that he was sitting down
peeling potatoes at the time, and that as
Henderson came at him with a three-foot
stick ol woort he jumjed up and, in self
defense, inflicted the wounds that subse
quently caused Henderson's death. There
were, so far as can be learned at this
time, one wound on the dead man's body
and one on the left <i !e of the neck, ex
tending from the left ear around under
the chin and severing the jugular vein.
Henderson, after lie had been stabbed,
ran toward the house, eighty yards dis
tant, and after addressing a few words to
a man who was present fell over on the
floor and expired.
William Owens, an employe on the
Henderson ranch and who was present
when the rancher expired, was an eye
witness of the killing. He teils substan
tially the same story as the prisoner. Im-
ately after bis arrest, however,
. Ybarra, in a statement to the Sheriff, de
nied any knowledge of the affair.
Benjamin Henderson was a man about
70 years' of age, and was well known and
respected throughout the county. He
was a prominent member of Abell Lodge
No. 146, F. and A. M., of this place. He
settled at Sherwood Valley in the north
era part of this county in 1859, shortly
after bis marriage at San Francisco. He
has accumulated lar?e interests in the
.valley and owns considerable town prop
erty, as well as timber land and sheep
ranges. Thirty thousand dollars would
probably be a low estimate of the value of
his holdings. He has for the last thirty
rears lived alone on the ranch where he
was killed, he never having married after
he and his wife separated in 186 L His
estate, by a will executed some time since,
is bequeathed to Robert McGarvey Jr. and
Mrs. Victor McMullen, children of <-x-
Superior Judge McGarvey of this county.
The prisoner, Ybarra, is a stranger in
this part of the country. About two
months ago he was brought to Ukiah by
Deputy Sheriff Martin Hart from West
j.on to be examined on a charge of in
sanity, but at that time after an examina
tion he was pronounced sane and dis
charged. Shortly after his discharge he
. entered the employ of Henderson. He is
a Mexican, 50 years of age, very slight in
|u;ure, but exiremely muscular. He
#i eajes very lit'.le English.
\ Count*** Coiolev ■ Secure* a Decree.
.. I LONDON, Eto., Feb. 3.— The action for
divorce taken by Countess Cowley against
her husbana. Earl Cowley, was nnaliy dis
• posed of to-day by the court rendering
judgment in favor of the Countesß. The
decision was that desertion and adultery
on the part of the Earl had been proved,
and a d-ecree nisi was therefore granted to
i&e Countess.
The San Francisco Call
WRECK A TRAIN
WITH DYNAMITE
Continued Activity of the
Cubans in Pinar
Del Rio.
Engine and Cars Sent from San
Cristobal Are Destroyed
at a Culvert
. [
Weyler Said to Hay: Again Gone
Forth in S-arch of Doughty
Gomez-
KEY WEST, Fla., Feb. 3. — Havana
advices pay another incident contradicts
Weyler's assurance that Pinar del Rio j
Province is virtually pacified. On Mon
day morning a pilot engine, with an ar
mored car and steering a passenger trsin,
left San Cristobal. Arriving at a cuivert
at Bacunagua, near Faco Taco, two dyna
mite bombs exploded, wrecking the en
gine and car completely. Four civilians
were killed, and also the captain of the
volunteers and five soldiers. The engi
neer, fireman and eight soldiers were
wounded. The culvert was destroyed en
tirely. Traffic with Pinar del Rio is still
interrupted.
It is reported that Weyler, with 12,000 \
men and twenty-five pieces of artillery,
has started from headquarters at Cruces
in the direction of Siguanea Hills, westjof
Cienfueeon, with the intention of attack
ing or dislodging Gomez, who, it is ru
mored, is encamped there. No encounter
is expected unless Gomez, aided by a
naturally strong position and sufficient
forces, deems it advisable to meet the foe,
in which case a fierce engagement will
certainly occur.
The proposed Cuban reforms are the
topic of all conversation here. All agree,
Spanish and Cubans alike, that the re
forms are a humbug. They will surely
make no impression on the rebels. '
It is known on authority that a person
arriving from Castillo's rebel camp on a
commission to Havana and now returned
to the held described the feeling among
the Cubans in arms as intense. The domi
nant spirit is to resist to the end and ac
cept no compromise with Spain unless it
accords absolute independence. Casiillo
has 600 men well armed and fairly sup
plied with munitions and HOO more un
armed.
It appears that Marcos Garcia, commis
sioned by the Government to make over
tures to Gomez, fears that his life would
be endangered If he personally presents
the proposals, and has written a letter to
Marquis Ahumada declining the commis
sion.
Trains are now running Into the suburbs
of the town of Guanabacoa carrying arms
and large armed escorts. ,
HZIPPEUI LITTLE DAUNTLESS.
Keep* the Custom* Officers Busy ~ Watch-
Ing Her Movement*.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Feb. 3.— C. R.
Biabee, Collector of Customs, was very
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 4, 1897.
HEARST'S FAVORITE ATTITUDE.
"I know I am a coward, so I sneak behind others."
mucii worried ttiis morning when ne
learned that the famous little steamer
Dauntless nad left port Tuesday night,
and was supposed to have slipped by the
warships and gone to sea.
At noon, however, his anxiety was re
lieved, for the Dauntless came steaming
into port and tied ap at Clarke's wharf.
The steamer was tied to the dock Tuesday
night and this morning she was gone.
. The explanation is that the owner of the
Dauntless had applied for permission for
the tug to encage in the towing and
wrecking business on the Florida coast
and last Saturday made affidavit that the
steamer would not violate the neutrality
laws.
Tne affidavit was forwarded to Washing
ton, but no answer was received until
last Tuesday night, when Collector Bisbee
received a teleeram from the Secretary of
the Treasury saying that the affidavits
were not satisfactory and directing him
not to allow the vessel to go outside of the
river without an officer of a revenue cut
ter on board.
When the collector started to call on
Captain Gilgore of the revenue cutter
Boutwell this morning he found that the
cutter had gone down the river, and that
the Dauntless had taken time by the fore
lock and skipped out. The return of the
alleged filibuster greatly relieved his
mind.
The steamer Three Friends is still down
the coast, and has not been heard from.
She has been telegraphed. 10 at Miami to
go up the coast and render any assistance
possible to the Biscayne, if that vessel is
really wrecked.
•
.Vl\/.N7-f;/;.s jhßcuss REFORMS.
Canovaa' Scheme started Upon at a Meet
ing of the Cabinet.
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 3.— The Standard
to-morrow will print a dispatch from its
Madrid correspondent, saying that at a
Cabinet meeting held to-day the Minis
ters discussed for several hours the
scheme of reforms for Cuba prepared by
Senor Canovas del Castillo, the Spanish
Premier, and Colonial Minister Castel
lano.
The reforms include a broader municipal
and provincial administrative decentrali
zation than the recently sormuiated re
forms for Porto Kico.
Tho principal feamfe of the plan is the
creation of a local assembly styled the
council of administration, consisting of
twenty -one members, part of wnom shall
be elected by direct limited franchise and
part by corporations and commercial in
terests in a similar manner to that in
which the Spanish Senate is elected.
The powers of the Governor-General are
much developed under the scheme, but
the Cuban chamber will be empowered to
make a colonial tariff on the condition of
always securing a high protection for
Spanish imports.
Apart from this concession, the chamber
will only have the control of local affairs,
the Cortez continuing to vote the budgets
and conclude all legislative treaties.
The Cuban representation in the Senate
and Chamber of Deputies will remain un
altered.
A dispatch received by a new? agency
here says the scheme of reforms was
finally agreed upon by the Ministers and
will be signed by Queen Regent Christjna
t o-morrow (Febmary 4). This dispatch,
however, gives no details of the reforms
proposed.
I' O It TO JiJVO M iXIFESTO.
Autonomists , l>l*»ati*fled With **Jie
form.*" Granted by Spain. , .-.
. NEW YORK. N. V., Feb. 4.-A special
cable to the Herald from San Juan de
Porto Rico says:
•' The autonomists of the island have
Continued on Third Page,
CRAIG AND FRANK
IN WARM DEBATE
Heated Argument on the
Pilotage Bill in Com
mittee.
Representatives of Contending
Interests Almost Come
to Bows.
Final Action on the Measure Will {
Be Taken in Executive
Session To-Day.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 3.— Aside
from the Duckworth episode the meeting !
of the Senate Committee on Commerce to
night to hear further argument on the
pilotage bill introduced by Senator j
G;eaves, who is the chairman of this com
mittee, was the most exciting and sensa
tional of the present session. A large
delegation of what is designated the San
Francisco committee of commerce, headed
by Hugh Craig, was present, and also two
of the pilots, who were represented before
the committee by Attorney Frank.
The hearing had not advanced far when
the first altercation between Messrs. Craig
and Frank was precipitated. These be
came more frequent as the proceedings
advanced, and it looked at one tlnle as if
the affair might be made thoroughly dis
graceful by an exchange of biows.
Trhougbout the whole trying ordeal Frank
remained imperturbable, while Craie was
kept in almost a continuous state ol deep
choler.
Hugh Craig secured the ears of the com
mittee first when the pilotage bill came
up and stated that a conference had been
held by tne Committee on Commerce with
thre pilots, but that the latter had refused
to make any concessions look me: to a com
promise bill.
Nathan M. Frank, the attorney who
was present to represent the pilots, denied
that any conference had been asked for.
All that hud been done bythe committee
of which Mr. Craig was spokesman, he
said, was to send to the Pilot Oommis
missioners — not the pilots — for certain
statistics, which could be obtained only at
the Custom-house, to which office Mr.
Craic was referred. Continuing Mr.
Frank said:
"We asKed them to state the cause of
their making this trouble, but they could
not give us any answer. The reason, how
ever, appeared later when we ascertained
that they wanted us to exempt American
vessels from the payment of pilotage.
After consulting with my clients I found
that such a thing was not feasible."
Here came one of the outbursts of pas
sion on the partoi Craig that subsequently
frequently disturbed the proceedings.
"The gentleman has misstated the
facts," he broke forth, "and we want to
place ourselves right before the commit
tee."
He said that tbe concession asked for
was that no compulsory pilotage should
be charged when no pilot was employed.
Frank said this was exactly what he had
stated — it was practically free pilotage,
for every one expected to pay for services
that were actually rendered.
Figures on compulsory pilotage were
asked for by Senator Gillette, and they
were given for sailing vessels only by Mr.
Frank, who stated that the pilots had not
had time to get out those for steamers.
The statement submitted showed that
$349,396 had been collected for the eleven
years ending with and including 1594.
Tben Frank threw another and success
ful bomb into the camp of the Craigites.
"These gentlemen come before you," he
quietly, slowly and significantly said,
'purporting to represent certain organi
zations of San Francisco. Ostensibly you
have before you the Chamber of Com
merce ol San Francisco, represented in
the person of its president, but in reality
that gentleman is not authorized to repre
sent that body here in this matter. I have
a letter here from the secretary of the
Chamber of Commerce which will bear me
out."
He produced and read the following let
ter addressed to Louis Sloss, one of the
trustees ot the Chamber of Commerce, who
had asked the secretary for information
on the subject:
At your request I have examined the
minutes of the Chamber of Commerce for 1896,
and find that no action has been taken either
oy the Board of Trustees or the chamDer on
the pilotage question, except to petition Con
gress to enact a Federal pilotage law, which
will control pilotage at all United States ports
to the exclusion 01 State control, under the
provisions of the constitution of the United
States that Congress shall legislate on all
matters connected with interstate and foreigu
commerce, the chamber holding that pilotage
and quarantine are distinctly included in this
provision. With much respect, your obedient
servant, William L. Merry,
Secretary and Treasurer.
Inm under the impression tnat the mem
bers of the chamber generally are of the opin
ion that pilotage rates should be reduced, but
no action of the chamber has been proposed,
as above stated.
After Frank had reail the signature,
and before he had time to read on, Craig
was up and asked him to please read on.
Frank, without deigning to even glance
in Craig's direction, said he would finish
reading the letter if he were not unneces
sarily interrupted. He added that the
postscript was put on the letter at the
personal solicitation of Craig, and then
took another center shot at his wily ad
versary.
"i had a talk with a number of mem
bers of the Chamber of Commerce," he
said, "on this subject, and I found none
who s emed to be in favor of the bill be
fore this committee. One of them went so
far ss to say that he considered it to be
nothing more than an unadulterated cinch
on the pilots."
Mr. Nayior, one of the members of the
San Francisco Committee on Commerce,
arose m wrath and said he thought the
action of Frank was discreditable.
Craig's iace became scarlet, and in a
frenzied manner he exclaimed that he was
the gentleman whose veracity had been
questioned. He then attempted to show
that be was the delegate of the body he
claimed to represent.
He said action had been taken by the
Chamber of Commerce in 1893 looking to
a reduction of pilotage charges, but be
failed to show that he was present on be
half of the Chamber of Commerce, unless
he as president of that organization had
appointed himself without the knowledge
and consent of that Dody.
But Frank had another "stem-winder."
as the street gamin's vernacular would
phrase it. He charged that neither George
Dickey nor J. N. Knowlen, who were
alleged to be representatives of the San
Continued on Fourth Page.
RAWLINS GOES
TO THE SENATE
End of the Deadlock in the
Legislature at Salt
Lake.
The Ex-Congressman Wins the
Contest by a Narrow
Margin.
Thatcher's Defeat Finaly Encom
passed by Leaders of the
Mormon Church.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Feb. 3.—Ex-Con
gressman Joseph L. Rawlins was elected
United States Senator this afternoon by
the Utah Legislature, receiving thirty-two
votes, the minimum necessary to elect.
Thatcher, the other leading candidate, re
ceived twenty- nine, and two votes were
scattering. The breaking of the deadlock
came suddenly, and was the result of an
arrangement with the supporters of Judge
Henderson, who, seeing they could not
elect their candiaate, flopped to Rawlins
almost immediately.
Thatcher owes his defeat to the action of
the Mormon church leaders, who opposed
him bitterly during the entire campaign.
Henderson was the church candidate, but
despairing of electing him, they com
promised on Rawlins, not because they
wanted Rawlins, but because they would
have taken almost anybody to defeat
Thatcher. The four Populists and one
Republican voted for Thatcher; one Re
publican voted for Brown and the other
voted for Ra*rlins.
J. L. Rawlins was born in Salt Lake
County, Utah, March 28, 1850, and lived
upon his father's farm until he was 18
years old. He completed a classical
course in the University of Indiana, but
returned to Utah before graduation. He
was professor in the University of Deseret,
in Salt Lake City, for two years, until
1875, when he was admitted to the bar,
and be has followed the profession of law
ever since.
He was elected delegate to Congress
from the Territory of Utah in 1892 on the
Democratic ticket, defeating Frank J.
Cannon, now United States Senator.
While in Congress he did great service in
support of the act enabling Utah to form
a constitution and be admitted to state
hood. He also obtained the passage of a
special act of Congress providing ior the
return to the Mormon church of about
$500,000 worth of property escheated by
the Government ten years ago and other
wise distinguished himself. He is a Gen
tile and one of the ablest lawyers at tne
bar of the State and is a cultured and
refined gentleman.
Kyi* anil: Fail* of He- Election..
PIERRE. S. D. Feb. a— The Populist
caucus to-night toofe several ballots with
out choice and the Senatorial situation is
therefore unchanged. Tne hignest num
ber ot votes received by Kyle was 27 ana
his vote ran down as low as 21. The
highest vote received by Goodykoontz
was 25. Plowman's vote ran from 7to 10.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LAUGHS AT
THE SLEUTHS
Murderer Butler Seems to
Be a Moral Mon
ster.
A NEW STORY FOR EVERY
VISITOR.
He Says That His Mining-Mate
Made Away With Captain
Lee Welter.
SELLS SIGNATURES BY THE
WHOLESALE.
Australian Detectives the Viet mi of
His Jokes— Willing to Be Taken
to the Colonies.
As a moral monstrosity Murderer But
ler, who now occupies a cell at the City
Prison, ranks above any criminal that ha 3
ever been seen in this City, not excepting
Theodore H. T. Durrant.
Though his perusal of the daily papers
has shown him that the meshes of the
law are tight about him, he bears a brazen
front, and answers even the most search
in? questions with a nonchalance that
amazes his hearers.
The cruel fiend of the Australian bush
seems to take particular deiight in telling
stories that, in the beginning, sound lite
confessions, but later on turn out to be
jokes at the expense of his auditors. He
pretends to take a Using to some visitor
who has given him a cigar, and after
puffing awhile at the weed says:
"Now, I say, this talk about my mur
dering Lee Weller has some foundation
after all. Of course. I did not kill him,
but I know something about the matter
just the same.
"He went out on a prospecting tour
with me and my mate and my mate killed
him. That's bow I got theae things. My
mate went away and the trinkets were
left in camp and they fell to me."
He told this story to Constable Conroy,
the dramatic Australian sleuth, yester
day afternoon, and when the latter be
came so interested that be knocked bis
own hat off trying to get his head throueh
the bars and catch every word ButJer
quietly confided tbat the murder was
done in Chile.
This is on a par with the other stories
that Butler tells, and all are given with a
twinkle of the eve that betrays his joke
to those who watch him closely.
He seems entirely oblivious to the
hangman's noose and laughs when the
subject of his reception in Australia is
mentioned.
"It will be all right when I get there,"
he says, with a heavy accent on the last
four words. "At present lam doing first
rate. Frisco is a great place."
his main concern yesterday was to get
pipe and tobacco and a change of clothes.
"With all thefe nice ladies calling 1 to
see me," be remarked, "I ought to have
some decent duds to receive them in. I
want white shirts and some clothes that
will make me look like a gentleman."
Butler did a rushing business yesterday
selling his autographs to those who called
at his cell. He was not high priced, but
signed for all who cared to pay half a dol
lar for a name scribbled on a piece of
paper or card.
"I sign any name they like," he said.
"Butler or Weller; it is all the same to
me. Most people want the name I used
on the ship, and they get it all right when
they put up half a dollar."
To the Australian detectives Butler is
particularly pleasant in hi? general de
meanor, but the expression of his eyes as
he glances at them through half-closed
lids is not pleasant to look upon. The
glance plainly says, "I wish I had you out
in the bush alone."
He spent several hours during the after
noon in conversation with Constable Con
roy and told a different story every half
hour. He denies knowing Conroy except
since his capture, and takes particular de
light in refusing to remember incidents
that the young Australian tries to recall to
his recollection. Detectives Roche and
McHattie spent some time yesterday in
trying to convince Butler that it was no
use to fight against going to Australia.
They told him that they could take
him back by the steamer that sails to
morrow if he was willing, but if ho
allowed his lawyer to conduct his case it
would be at least a month before the long
sea voyaee could be begun.
Butler shrugeed his shoulders and re
marked that the matter was out of bis
hands and that his attorneys were doing
all his legal business and bad told him
not to bother his head about his case.
"I'll make the best of it here until I see
my way clear," be said, "but I may a3
well tell you now that I am as anxious to
go back as you are to take me."
Butler was in the midst of his auto
graph-writing yeateraay afternoon when
he was called out of his cell to interview a
press representative. His cellmate, who
is also a hard-looking customer, took ad
vantage of the murderer's absence to
write Lee Weller several times on carda
presented for that purpose at 50 cents a
signature and those who paid the money
went away none the wiser.
NOT BUTLER'S WIFE.
A Woman From Napa Who Could
Not Identify the Australian
Fiend.
Mrs. Butler, tha woman from Napa who
believed she had found her truant hus
band in Lee Waller, alias Butler and othei
names, the accused of many ruurdero in
Australia, called upon Captain Lees yes
terday morning at the City Prison.
She is a comely woman of about 35 years
of ace, fair ot face and of fine proportions.
She again related tne story of h«r mar*2
riage some four years apro to a m an who
deserted her and his ciiild, and told bow
the portraits of the prisoner in the news
papers made her think that he wa« the
man she had sworn to love and obey.
''Did your husband have any distin
guishing marks about him?" asked Cap
tain Lees.
"Yes," she answered, '*there was a scar
on his neck."
"Nothing el«e?"
"No, but bis mannerisms were such that
I would know him the moment I saw
him, no matter what he had done to him-
Belf for the sake of i> disguise."
"Was he tattooed about the body or
limbs, feet or hands?"
"No, not a single marr on him of that
kind."
"Didn't he have tattoo rings around his
fioners?"
"Nothing of the kind."
After this conversation Butler was
brought into Lees' office and confronted
with bis alleged wife.
"Madam, is this your husband?" asked
the aetective, waving his hand toward
the prisoner, who stood between two offi
cers.
Mrs. Butler hesitated. She was not
sure, evidently. She stuttered and said:
"No; unless he isfl very much altered."
Looking at the prisoner a few seconds
longer she said: "No; I'm positive now
he's not my husband, because Butler was
fully 5 feet 10 inches in height, ana this
man is much shorter."
Bailar was made to show his hands,
which are tattooed, and the lady from Xapa
subsided. She retired and left the City for
her Napa home a: 3 o'clock in tise after
noon.
Butler spent most of the day in his ceil.
He received many visitors, who, as a ruie,
offered him cigars, which he accepted, and
asked nim questions about himself, which
he politely refused to answer. To one in
quisitive newspaper man he declared posi
tively that he was tired of answering ques
tions in the negative. He calmly sat oack
on his bench when the inquiry was made
if he woulj not write a confession of tne
crimes of which he was accused and
laughed most heartily.
■'I teH you what to do," he said. "You
write out the confession and I'll sign it
■with any of the names I have been called
in this case."
SHREWD DETECTIVES.
How the Australian Sleuths Fast
ened Butler's Crimes on Him.
Th« story of how Captain Lee Weller's
murder was fastened on Frank Butler and
the murderer followed to this City forms
one of the most interesting incidents in.
connection with the case.
Two of Australia's keenest detectives,
John Roche of Sydney and James Me-
Hattie of Newcastle, worked up the
case, and tney never left tbe trail from
the day that it became apparent that
Butler was the man wanted until they
saw the handcuffs snapped on his wrists
on the Swanhilda's alter deck.
Captain Lee Weller, with whole murder
Bntler is particularly charged, went to
Australia a year ago with his wife, the
conpie taking passage from Cape Town on
tne ship South Esk. Mrs. "Weller died
suddenly on board the South Esk of heart
disease, and in September last Captain
Weller went to Sydney.
Tnere he was attracted by an advertise
ment in a Sydney paner, calling for a mate
to go Drospecting. kobert A. Luck •am,
» reporter on fie Sydney Bulletin, was n
friend of Weller's, and arranged that the
latter should write him each week 10 lell
of his success in the gold fields. Weller
left Sydney on October 28 and on Novem
ber 20. not 'laving hard from the mariner,
Luckham told tne police that he suspected
his friend had been made away with, as
be had gone out with a stranger and had
not sent any word of his whereabouts.
The Inspector-General picked out Jolin
Koche, who is generally called wnen im
portant cases are on hand, and sent h.m
to loofc the matter up.
He was not long in finding that Wel
ler's male had returned to Sydney on No
vember 1, ttiree day? after leaving, and he
quickly identified tne man who had ad
vertised »s Buter and within a day or
two had 500 piiotographs copied from an
original, sent all over the colonies.
It was found that Butler had passed at
different places as Frank Harwood, b.
Burgess, Sampson, Llair and other names
and that te had left Sydney as Lee Weller.
One of the phntograpns readied Detec
tive McHattie at Newcastle and from the
description that accompanied it tiiat as
tute officer at once recognized a man
whom tie had seen on tbe streets of New
castle a number of times.
Within six hours he had located his
man on board the Swanhilda, thei; at sea
on her way to America and he telegraphed
to Sydney telling of his discoveries.
Then came the long race across the
ocean to head of the big four-master,
.McHattie coming direct to America and
Koche going the other way in order to
T>ass through London and arrange for
Butler's extradition. ■
It isevnient that Butler intended to ply
bis horrible vocation in Newcastle, for on
November 17, two days after he arr ved
«here, one oi hs fatal "ads" appeared in a
Newcastle paper, asking for a mate with
£10 to go prospecting. He evidently took
ttlarm before his plans were matured,
however, for he did not call for the
answer*, but sailed on November 230n the
Bwanhilda. At least filty letters, answers
to the advertisement, are now awaiting
him at the office of the Newcastle paper.
BUTLER AS ASHE.
He Admits Certain Facts to Captain
Lees— His Canadian Life.
During the conversation Captain Lees
toad with Butler on Tuesday, Butler said
he arrived in this city on the Star of Rus
sia, but he could not fix the date. There
was trouble on board the ship, and he
deserted by swimming ashore. He was
then known as Richard Ashe. A few days
Jater he went to work In a French laundry
on Thirteenth street, .near Howard, and
they were beginning to remodel the build
ing when he left.
After leaving the laundry he went by
boat to Vancouver Island, thence to Port
land, where he signed papers as sailor on
a ship whose name was something like the
Btrathmore. The ship sailed from As
toria with a cargo of wheat for Europe.
He signed as Hie ard Ashe. '.'
The captain asked him why he went
under the name of Richard Ashe at that
time, and be said he was only following
the usual custom of Bailors by changing
his name when it suited him.
Yesterday the captain made inquiries,
and ascertained that the Star of Russia
arrived here on October 31, 1891, and on
November 17 Butler went to work at the
Le Grande laundry on Twelfth street,
woich has also an entrance for employes
on Thirteenth street, between Howard
and Folsom. Superintendent Bouton of
the laundry tola the captain that the
name of Richard Ashe appeared on the
timebooks in the capacity of fireman and
engineer from November 17, 1891, to Feb
ruary 8, 1892. He could not recollect
the appearance of the man, but he
'thought Mr. Glenn, one of the employes
of the laundry, might be able to identify
him.
■ As Butler, alter leaving the laundry in
February, 1892, went direct to Portland
via Vancouver island and shipped on the
vessel at Astoria it is possible that the
sailed from there some time in March.
Butler was seen in the City Prison last
night, but be said be could not remember
the name of the ebip that sailed from As
toria,
"What do you want to know for?" he
asked testily. "That has. nothing to do
with my arrest."
Gradually be became talkative and said
be bad been at one time in Canada in the
province of Manitoba. Then he said be
had been in Quebec in 1888.
"Were you a sailor then?"
"No, I wasn't." said Butler. "I was
only a sailor when I wanted to go from
one country to another."
. . He .would not say what employment he
followed in Quebec. He told a visitor
Tuesday that be had been a policeman, in
Canada, but when nsked about it last
night he simply smiied and parried the
question. Ju-t then some sightseers came
along and stared at Butler and he refused
to enter into any further conversation.
Butler during conversation remarked
that the representative of a paper had
yesierday offered him $500 for the publica
tion of an exclusive story of hi? confession
of the murders of which he is charged,
but he had laughed at the offer.
Captain Lees has been unabi« to find
where Butler was born. He told the cap
tain that he was born in London, Ens
land, but his voice is not thai of a Lon
WHERE THE AUSTRALIAN MURDERS WERE PERPETRATED.
Glenbrook and Linden, near which young Preston and Captain Lee Weller were murdered and their bodies discov
j^^sjs." M rsr tbt Great west *■»«-. i "°° i 'o«^"«.o«r m i^rr;.
These localities are inclosed by a heavy circle. *
23, li 1 " " went ° m Sydne tO Newcastle, the coal port, and shipped on the Bwanhilda for San Francisco November
It will be noticed that the gold district, lie west of the BlUe Mountains, **«• Butler seems to have deluded his vie
paTtuerl 0 beUeTiDg * made a ° Very ° a the east B ide, and thus the more readily iaauced them "to become hZ
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY. 4, 1897.
MURDERER BUTLER BEHIND THE BARS.
[Sketched in tht C t.v fr < on ycs'croay by a "Call" artist.]
doner. It is more like a native of one of
the northern counties in England.
kNEW BUTLER'S GIRL.
How Constable Conroy Curiously
Came to Figure In the Case.
Constable Conroy and Butler were
acquainted with the same waitress, the
pne to whom Butler pave the picture of
himself that was "borrowed" from her
home by Detective Roche, ana which
proved so effective In tracing Butler to the
Swanhilda, on which he had shipped from
Newcastle.
Conroy's connection with the case is
peculiar. He was living in Sydney at the
time Butler's mining expedition adver
tisements were appearing occasionally in
the local papers. Conroy was then a pro
fessional athlete; he had been for fi teen
years, although b« is now but 2G years of
age. Sometimes he took his meals at the
restaurant where this waitress worked,
and he formed a speaking acquaintance
with her. Incidentally he told her that
lie came from Aibury, a mining town.
She remarked to Butler that she
knew a young fellow from Albury, wnere
Butler claimed to own a mine. He said
that he would like to meet him. Tne
meeting was arranged.
Butler then asked Conroy to trace on
a map he submitted to him the tnr«>e cold
bearing districts aboui Albury. Conroy
did so. At that time Butler showed
Conroy the certificates from the Ballarat
School of Mines, that Conroy has identi
fied among Butler's effects examined
Here by the police. He also identified
some of the jewelry now in the possession
of the police here, and said that it had
been made from nuggets he had picked
up on bis prospecting tours.
He wanted Conroy to accompany him.
It 'would requ re but £10, or about $50.
That was about September 10. on a
Wednesday. On the following Friday
Conroy gave his answer. He had decided
not to go. A business proposition in Syd
ney and the looks of Butler deterred
him.
Butler soon thereafter took out young
Preston and murdered him, and perhaps
six weeks later took Lee WeJler out to his
death.
On November 23, the very day Bntler,
then unsuspected by the police, sailed
from Newcastle in the Swanhilda Conroy
joined the Sydney police. Detective
Roche, then on the so-called "Mountain
Muider Mystery' three days, had learned
that Conroy had met Butler. The
next day Conroy was put on the case to
assist in tracking the man, whom he had
not before suspected, but whom he
could easily identify. So it was that
Conroy came here to identify Butler.
And he did.
He not only identified Butler as the
man he had talked with and arranged a
map for, but during the examination he
obtained a bit 01 suspicions evidence that
frizhtened him a little.
In taking with Butler at that first
meeting in September Conroy had re
marked that he had a brother-in-law and
a sister living at Albury. Butler said
that he would take pleasure in calling
upon the brother-in-law when he went
down to look at % mine he owned near
Albury — a mine for which he had been
offered, he said, £3000 pounds, or $15,000,
but he wanted £4000.
Butler was absent from Sydney for a
couple of weeKs after that, but later Con
roy saw him on several occasions, on all of
whicn Butler stood treat — insisted upon
it — and always showed money.
Not until the day of Butler's captors,
however, did Conroy dream that Butler
had called at bis married sister's home in
Albury, as he had Intimated he wouli.
Among Butler's effects was found a
checkbook belonging to Conroy's married
■ister. Her name (Mrs. C. O'Connor) and
the name of Conroy's unmarried lister
were written inside the cover. The only
inlerence that Conroy could draw was that
Butler had stolen the book when fte
had called on his brother-in-law.
ROCHE'S LUCKY TRIP.
Sped Nearly Round the World in
Bast Time Yet Made.
Detective John Roche of Sydney, Aus
tralia, in pursuing Butler, established a
new record for fast travel between Syd
ney, N. S. W M and San Francisco, by way
of Melbourne, Australia; Adelaide, Aus
tralia; Colomo, island of Ceylon; Port
Said, Suez Canal; Naples, Italy; Paris,
France; Calais, France; Dover, England ;
London, England; Liverpool, England;
Queenstown, Ireland; New York, Jersey
City, Washington and Chicago.
He was fortunate in , making all his rail
road and steamship', connections without
having to wait.
He made the trip in 49 days, 16 hours
I
and 15 minutes. The best previous record
was two days longer than 1 1 is. Ho left
Sydney on December 7at 5:30 p. m. He
arrived in San Francisco on January 26 at
9:45p M.
Had it not been necessary for him to go
out of his way to visit Washington and
thereby lose three hours he would have
arrived here thirteen hours earlier, as he
could easily have cot the fast train from
Chicago that reached here Monday at 8:45
p. m., wheieas the slower train diU not get
here until Tuesday at 9:45 A. M.
He traveled by train from Sydney to
Melbourne, and "thence by train a^uin to
Aueiaide, where he arrived just in time
to catch the Koyal Mail steamer Austral,
which sailed at noon on December 9 for
Naples, Italy. The Austral, by the way,
is the big steamship that went down in
the Sydney harbor in 1892 and was raised.
For fourteen day* and fourteen nights tbe
great vessel steamed across the trackless
ocean before sue once halted, and then
she had cone only half her journey to
Naples. That first stop was at Colomo.
on the island of Ceylon, and it was made
two days before Christmas. On January
3 the Austral stopped again. This time at
Port Said, on the Suez canal, to take on
coal, after steaming night and day for
nearly a month. Christmas and New
Year had been spent somewhere on tne
Indian Ocean.
Up through the Suez canal and across
the Mediterranean Sea the big Austral
plowed her coarse. On January 7, at 9
a. m., she landed at Naples.
Roche took the train thence to Paris,
where he arrived at 6 a. m. two days alter
ward. The same aay he went by trttin to
Calais, arriving there at 3:30 p. it., and
going at once on the boat bound across
the channel for Dover, England. He
reached London at 7 o'clock that same
evening.
It was Saturday, and he could not see
the Government "officers to obtain the ex
tradition warrants until tho following
Monday. But that mattered little, for the
next steamer for New York would not
leave Liverpool until Wednesday, as the
last had sailed from Liverpool at noon
that very day, ten minutes before he left
Paris.
On Wednesday, January 13, he left Lon
don on the passenger special for Liver
pool. Four hours later arrived at Liver
pool, just-a half hour before the Teutonic
sailed at 3p. M. for New York. At mid
night the Teutonic stopped at Queens
town, Ireland. But the mails from Dub
lin for America were late and the steamer
had to wait.
Roche, whife at Queenstow*n, was within
seventy miles of the home of his boy
hood, of his aged parents, whom he
had not seen since he left for Australia
seventeen years before, and yet he dared
not take chances of arriving here too la:e
to extradite Butler. Then he did not
know that Detective Mcllattie had come
to and was even then in San Francisco.
At 2 p. m. on January 14 the final start
was made for America. On January 20
at 5 p. m. the Teutonic landed at New
York. The next morning Roche left for
Washinsrton, arranged for the extradition
papers after 3 p. M. and on to Chicago at
7:10 that night. The next nignt he ar
rived at Chicago at 9 o.' clock. The fast
train had leit at 6. He took tbe next
train at 11:30 and came straight through
to this i ity in three days and a half.
He left bydney fourteen days after But
ler left Newcastle on the Swanhilda, and he
Deat him here a whole week, after almost
circling the globe.
A LOS ANGELES BUTLER.
People tn the Southern City Think
They Knew the Murderer.
LOS AXGELE3, Cal., Feb. 3.— The
Australian murderer, Frank Butler, it is
asserted by persons who knew ' him at
Seattle and other places, resided for a time
on East Fourth street, in this city. He
i lived with a woman, but it is not known
' whether or not he ever made any
claim that she was his wife. He dressed
very "loudly" and attempted to play
! masher on matinee days at the entrance
' (o the local playhouses. An intimate ac
iquaintance of Butler, whoknew him well
• in Seattle and afterward in this city, refer
ring to his career in the northern town, -
said of him:
"At that time Butler was playing in the
Court Theater band in Seattle. He waa
di*iiked by his comrades, and was
eenerally regarded as a sneak and a thief.
Afterward, Butler went into the business
of selling jewelry. Where he got the
jewelry to dispose of to s-econd-band men
is not known and was not known then,
but it was surmised that he was either a
fence lor San Francisco thieves or was
doing the larcenous work on his own ac
count. Butler often boasted In Seattle
that if he could make a living no other
way he would hold up a man ior all that
he had. He tried to blackmail several
prominent people. He would watch people
with sporty predilections, and then alter
shadowing them, endeavor to extort
money for preserving silence on their
doings. He received a whipping once
from the hands of a railroad man for try
ing to blackmail him."
All of Itis acquaintances agree that
Butler was a tough, unscrupulous charac
ter, yet they did not think that he bad
the courage to murder.
FISH AND GAME LAWS.
The Sportsmen's Association Want the
Open Season for Duck-Shooting
Lengthened.
The Sportsmen's Protective Association
met last evening and rescinded the reso
lution of a previous meeting, to lease a
section of marsh land for the purpose of
establishing a preserve. The association
will continue to live under the laws that
were established several years ago until
such time as it shall decide to disband.
A committee was appointed to procure
grounds and make arrangements for a
picnic, which will be held in Ap il or
May. The s-cretary was instructed to
forward to the Committee on Fish and
Game at Sacramento an amendment to
the present game and fish laws, extending
the open season on wild ducks one month
longer than it is at present, and including
the English snipe in the general law of
protection to game birds. In its letter to
tbe Committee on Fish and Game the as
sociation will sueeest that the open sea
son for trout-fishing remain as it is at
present. It does not approve of the season
remaining closed until May 1, as such a
law wouM be an injustice to the anglers
of this City.
NEW TO-DAY.
In with the
new — out with
the old— baking
powders. It's
"Trophy's" in-
ning.
19 TOmana & Bendel, Mfi»
KEW TO- DAT:
gatarrF*
Is one of the most common and most an-
noying ailments that afflicts American •
people. It is an inflammation of tbe mu-
cous membranes, either of the head,
throat, stomach, bowels or bladder. The
most common lorm of catarrh is in the
head. It is attended with many repulsive
features, such as copious discharges from
the nose, an offensive breath, constant •
hawking and spitting and a variety of
other symptoms too well Known to re- .
quire detailed mention. Catarrh if neg-
lected becomes chronic, and in its chronic
stage it is dangerous, as it very often leads
to consumption with the usual fatal end-
ing of that deadliest of all diseases.
Catarry yields readily to the Electro-
Medical treatment given at the STATE
ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE, and
the worst chronic cases, no matter of how
long standing, are invariably cured by
this treatment. It cures and has cured in
hundreds of cases where other remedies
and treatments failed to give even tem-
porary relief.
If you have catarrh do not any longer
remain a victim of such a disagreeable,
painful, troublesome and often fatal dis-
ease, when you can obtain immediate re-
lief and be permanently
CURED
By the great Electro-Medical treatment
given at the Institute.
This marvelous electro-medical treat-
ment is creating a tremendous sensation
among the people of this coast because of
the remarkable cures it Is daily effecting,
and for this same reason it is stirring the
medical world as no discovery of recent
years has stirred it. There has not been a
single failure to cure .in any case where
the treatment has been given.
X m DAI/ EXAMINATIONS. If you
a IB M I are sick or \ ailing, if you
want to know what is the matter with you,
and if you want to be cured, you should
resort without delay to the STATE ELEC-
TRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE. The Insti-
tute TREATS AND CURES Diseases of
the Heart, Brain and Nerves, Blood Dis-
eases, Rheumatism. Cancers and Tumors,
Catarrh, Kidney Diseases, Throat Dis-
eases, Stomach Diseases, Diseases of the
Liver, Bowel Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear
Diseases and all Diseases of Men and
Women.
WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute. Describe your troubles by letter
and the doctors will advise you what to do.
Strictest confidence observed. !-;,■!
STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL INSTITUTE
NEW CUBE FOB AM, DISEASES.
Located at the Corner of
Market, Powell and Eddy Streets',
ENTRANCE 3 EDDY" STREET,
San Francisco, Cat. ,■ •'•*-. -\
50T1CE LWITHG SEALED PROPOSALS '
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
THE MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCII OF
1 the City of Ban Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing for the Issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of san Jose." etc,
passed on toe 21st day of December, 1896. and ■
approved on the 23d day of December, 1896,
ordained that there should be Issued by said city
of Ban Jose six hundred high school building
bond*, of the denomination of $125 each, and four
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of $101)
each, both classes of bonds to bear Interest at the
rate Of «^ ier cent uer annum, payable seml-
annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
and directed the City Clerk of said city to give
notice inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
now therefore
' Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San .
Jose intends- to Issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
ana that sealed proposals will be received at the
office of said City Clerk, at the Cltr Hal In Baa
Jose, California, until the hour of eight o'clock
p. M.. on the eighth day of February, 1897 (at
which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
and common Council shall duly convene, said bids
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said high school building and ;. wer
bonds, or either thereof. Said bonds are to bear
date June 1, 1897. ana the interest thereon lob* -
paid seml-annually on the first day >.f December
and the first day of June of each year thereafter,
both principal and Interest payable In gold coin or
lawful money of the United States
Said huh school building bond* shall he num-
bered consecutively from one to sit hundred, both
Inclusive, and be divided Into forty series, num-
bered consecutively irom one to forty, both in-
clusive, each series consisting of fifteen bond*;
the first series Is to Include those bonds which are
numbered from one to fifteen, both inclusive, and
each succeeding series is to Include the fifteen
bonds numuered consecutively after those in-
cluded in tbe next preceding series-
Said sewer bonds sba'l be numbered consecu-
tively from one to four hundred, both Inclusive,
and b ■ divided into lorty series numbered «\m-
secutlvely from one to forty, both inclusive, each
series consisting of ten bonds: tho tint aerie* is to
Include those bonds which are numbered from
one to ten, both Inclusive, and each succeeding
series Is to Include the ten bonds numbered co.i-
•ecutlrely after those included in the next pre-
ceding series.
The first series of said high school building
bonds and said sewer bonds shall be made payable
on the first day of June, 1898. and ( one of the re-
gaining series is to be made payable on the first
day of June In each succeeding ca endar year
thereaf.er. until and Including the year 1937.
Said bonds are to be made payable to lh« order of
the purchaser or payee byname, and to each of
said bonds there U to be attached interest-bearing!
coupons, double in number m the number of year*
whlcn such bond has to run before its maturity
Proposals must state the price offeted, the desert
tton of the bonds desired, and be accompanied by
a certified check on some responsible bank, pay-
able to the order of the Mayor of ' Bald City, tot at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said cheat to
be returned to bidder in case the bid Is not ac-
cepted. The purchase money for said bonds shall
be paid In gold coin of the United >tates within
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The right '
to accept any or all bids and to reject any or all •
bids, or portions of bids, is hereby expressly ra-
served. Jinoarv 2d, 1897. W. COOK, City Clerk.
Dated January 2<J. 1897.
o-cx>o-o-0~0-o-o<>o-o-c>
AN EXCELLENT
11 7TI-."* AT : Properly prepared and
\y\l\r\ I _ promptly served, can
■*■»■"-« XJ — ' always t>9 obtained In
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decidedly the T*| AT A /■ «* I■<
Most Popular MAI A C I"* 1
Dining Apart- * ili^il>uLi
merit in town, . uaaaammßßx^a^&tmexa
<H>oo<>o<>o-o-rH>rK>
DR.MQNULTY.
T^J, 8 WELL-KNOWN and RKLIABLE oltj
A bpecial Ist cure* Private,Nervous,Bloodai>d Skin •
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
™,£f2 rs ,^?P!!. rleu J :e - Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hoars. 9 to 3
daily, 6:3o toB.3oev'Rs. Sunday*. 10 to 12. Consul tn-
uoa free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
1\ BOSCOE WcBTCTIVrT, M. »., \
SOU Keainv Klrec-t, San i'rancincu, Cal.j
DR. VHtOHOW'S /
iPSi^^fe ELECIRIC BElt
iS^B£&i&tesis*^ By 50 per cent the best '
"Tt?£r?«jSGpGj'y ' Belt made > Has cured
: • . ', " rn ß£rfg§p§tTOj** • more people than all
lj|k|r other belts combined.
.jffi You might as well •
• t^*. 'have tbe best, os it
costs no more. Call or address
lilt VIECUOW ELECIKICCO. 100 Stockton St.. SFPOSTAGE STAMP
THIEF ARRESTED
Fifty Thousand Dollars'
Worth of Stamps Found
on His Person.
The Government Robbed at the
Rate of $ioo,coo a Year
for Many Years.
Messengers Sent Out to Look for
Bondsmen for a Schemer Now
in ths Law's Clutchrs
..'•NEW YORK. N. V.. Feb. 3. — After
years of hard work, it is now said that the
postotfice authorities have succeeded in
. running to earth a band of tnieves which
has been robbing the Government of
stamps at the rate of about $100,000 a
year for many years.
The first arrest was made to-day in this
cliy, and it will be followed up, it is fur
ther said, by the arrest of the others in
. the gang. The man who was arrested in
this city is Hamilton E. Coleman, a clerk
in the cnief clerk's department in the
a "eneral Land Office, He was arrested on
* elegram from Washington. Over $50,
--worth of stamps were found on his
person.
These stamps are known as periodical
• stamps. They ranged in value from one
cent to $60.
A number of three sets of stamps are
s*ent to each Postmaster every year.
When a publishing-house presents one
thousand pounds of published matter, for
instance, the Postmaster gives it a. re
ceipt for the postage paid and cancels
stamps, amounting in full value, to that
sum These stamps are returned can
celed to headquarters in Washington.
A n*w issue of these stamps was ordered
in 1894. Before that time issue had not
been made since about 1875.
•The collectors of postage stamps are
eager for the stamps and always have
been, so the stamp* have been stolen and
.sold to them. The face value of the
stamps is $204 57. The market price, it is
raid, has broupht almost twice that
much, so thieves who have been stealing
them have been making sniaii fortunes.
It is"again>t one of the statutes of the
United States to have these stamps in
one's possession, the supposition beinp
naturally that as they are not for circula
' 'uon ani not intended to leave the hands
of the authorities, the persons who have
them must necessarily have stolen them.
Coleman wa« taken before Commissioner
Shields. . Postottice Inspector Morris
.made an affidavit that Coleman had re
ceived these stamps from one Randolph J.
Aibn.-t.-ht, and that he had them in his
possession in violation of the United
States laws. The Commissioner set his
examination for next Wednesday and
lixed his bail at $"2000. He sent several
-.messengers out looking for bondsmen.
Coieinan said that he was innocent, that
the stamps were his property and tnat he
> aid prove his innocence.
The detectives in mis city said to-day
that they knew but little about the true
nature of the story behind the arrest.
Ttiey refused to tell who Albrecht was.
. Among other tbinss found in Coleman's
Dockets were a number of envelopes bear
ing the imprint of Burger & Co., dealers
in stamps at 53 Nassau street. Mr. Burger
said to-day thai he did not know Coleman.
KILLING KANSAS JACKS.
Premium on Praire Rabbits Promises to
Make the Race Extinct as Speedily
as Was (he Buffalo.
WICHITA, Kans., Feb. 3.— A new in
dustry has sprung up in Kansas within
the nast few weeks, that of hunting jack
rabbits for their pelts. The pelts find
ready sale at numerous points in the
State, where they are collected and shipped
to hat manufactories in the East. The
discovery that the gay and festive jack
has a commercial value will undoubtedly
lead to the ultimate declaration of a war
of extermination upon him.
The buffalo throve and multiplied upon
the Western plains sa that his numbers
were as i he sands of the sea until he be
came a commodity. Then the market
hunters declared unrelenting war upon
him, and he disapt>earde as in a night.
The Kansas jackrabbit is not constructed
on graceful lines, but, despite his ugliness
and ungainliness, he is one of the pictur
esque features of all typical Drairie scenes,
and he is a great favorite with the coursing
clubs down East on account of his won
derful fleetness. The fur of the jack rab
bit, it has been ascertained, is better
adapted to hat-making than any other
material, and it is because of this fact that
it will soon cease to decorate tne Kansas
landscape. Heretofore no effort has been
k made to save the hides of the millions of
It.i^cks that have been slain by Kansas
hunters. Rabbit-hunters now find added
zest in their favori'e sport, for they are
enabled to dispose of the hides for enough
to yield them a nioe profit, in addition to
• having the usuai amount of enjoyment.
UALOADI.\(i IHt: BHOOKLYS.
.A Thousand 3* n , of Coal, Ammunition
a»<l Storm to Be. L.tnored.
' PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. Feb. 3.-Owing
. to the heavy pack ice it is impossible to
move the damaged cruiser Brooklyn from
• her anctiorage at Marcus Hook to the
League Island navy-yard. Lighters were
got alongside the vessel yesterday ana
. preparations to reduce her draught by re
moving her coal, sioies, etc., were begun. I
When the vessel is lightened and as soon
'as the ice permits she will be taken to
•. League Island, docked and repaired. As
.vet it has been impossible to examine the
Brooklyn's hull to learn the extent of the
damage.
. CHESTER, Pa., Feb. -Over 150 tons
of coal have thus far been removed from
the cruiser Brooklyn and it is said that
altogether 500 tons of coal will betaken
ijom her in addition to 300 tons of ammu
nition, and, if necessary, her stores will
also be unloaded. In order to lighten tne
'boat-two leet nearly 1000 tons mill have to
be. removed. The ship will not go away
. from League Island navy-yard until the
' last of the week
I ItaUroad J.umor Practically Correct.
I NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 3.— A mem-
I her of the Union Pacific Syndicate says
that the statement that the Berlin com
mittee of the holders of Oregon Railway
• and Navigation 5 per cent bonds has re
ceived a bid of 45 for all stock neld
by it. conditional upon its acceptance by
.holders of at least $3,000,000, is practically
•correct. The purchase is made, not for
one, but for all interests concerned, and
the road will remain perfectly indeoen
dent, but will be operated in harmony
with the other roads in the Pacific Nortn
west.
SNAKES BREATHE DEATH.
They Crawl Up Through a Hole at Night
and Kill Four Members of a
Family.
WICHITA, Kans.. Feb. 3.— A strange
story comes from Buxton in Seward
County. A farmer named John Hastier,
who has a large family, has been four
times bereaved within the last six weeks
from some hitherto inexplicable cause.
First his 3-roonth'3-old daughter was
taken suddenly ill in the night ami died
in convulsions the next tlav. The next
victim of the strange malady was a son.
The following weeK a daughter died, and
within three days another daughter was
taken.
The family was crazed with grief and
feai lest other members should be taken.
Mr. Hastier and some neighbors set
about making investigations to ascertain,
if possible, the reason for the numerous
deaths in the family. One peculiar
feature noted of each case was that the
sickness came upon t he viciirus at night.
The men took up part of the floor and,
while Investigating underneath, came
upon a nest of snakes of a variety known
as blow snakes, whose breath is said to be
a deadly poison. They ki lea seven large
snakes which averaged seven an I a half
feet in length, and there is little doubt
but that ttie snakes were the cause of the
deaths in Mr. Ha>tiers family. It is sup
posed that the snakes crawled up through
a hole in the floor at niglit, attracted by
the warmth, and breathed upon the sleep
ers their noxious breath.
CAUGHT THE WRONG MAN.
Hanford Officers Asked to Release the
Prisoner Supposed to Be
Outlaw Taylor.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 3. — A special to
the Chronicle from Carrollton, Mo., says
that Siieriff Lewis this morning received
two photocraphs of the man arrested at
Hanford, Cal., on suspicion of being
George Taylor, the murderer of the Meeks
family near Carrollton one year ago.
There is scarcely a resemblance to Taylor
in the photographs. Reputable citizens
who examined the photographs to-day de
clared that they do not look at all like
Taylor. On the strength of this Sheriff
Lewis telegraphed to the California
authorities to release the suspect.
BUSIIXELL HUE IS II AA > i.
Opportunity for a Battle Royal JVeset
Winter for the Senators hip.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Feb. 3. — The
friends of Chairman M. A. Hanna admit
to-day that he*.will not be appointed by
Governor Bushnell to the Senate to suc
ceed Sherman. It is reliably reported here
that Governor Bushnell has decided to
appoint Lieutenant-Governor Asa W.
Jones of Youngstown to the vacancy and
that this action is in accordance with the
wishes of the Foraker leaders.
The agreement is said to be that Gen
eral Jones will not be a candidate for re
election to the full term. This will give
opportunity for a battle royal between
Governor Bushnell and Chairman Hanna
this winter for election to the full terra.
BHVTAL J3IGHHTAI JiOUBKRY.
Colored Baptist Preacher l.radt a Sand
of Thugs.
COLUMBIA, S. C, Feb. 3— lntelligence
has ju3t been received here of a brutal rob
bery near Cherokee, this State. The fact
that one of the highwaymen was a negro
Baptist preacher makes it an affair of
more than usual interest.
While Mark Griffin, a well-to-do farmer,
was returning home from Spartansburg,
he was suddenly set upon while crossing a
bridge over Tiger River, and offering re
sistance was promptly clubbed into insen
sibility. Tee higuwaymen, who, it has
since developed, were led by the preacher
; Nesbitt, then ransacked his pockets and
I made away with the booty, amounting
I to $33.
A few hours later Griffin was disco verd
by friends and taken home. He gave de
scriptions which led to the airest of three
■of the robbers. Nesbitt is still at large.
; He had always enjoyed a good reputation
; and bad an engagement to preach at Cow-
I pena, near the scene o.' the crime, Sunday.
BEET-SUGAR H iSOimOAS.
Farmer* Demand <m Increased Tariff
for Revenue and Protection.
HASTINGS. Nebr., Feb. 3.— The Beet
sugar Convention, composed of farmers
from all sections of the State, to-day
passed unanimously the following resolu
tion:
Resolved, As the sense of this convention
that our honorable representatives in Congress
are hereby requested to use all honorable
efforts in tneir power to further and secure a
tariff on imported sugar of not less than It.'
cents per pound for the purposes of revenue
and proiection, and funher that a law be en
acted delegating power to the President anil
Secretary of the Treasury to increase the tariff
on sugar to an amount equal to any export
bounty paid by any other sugar producing
country or. sugar imported from saia country;
also to place on the free list all machinery im
ported to this country tor the manufacture of
beet sugar to be used in the first liity factories
built in the United States, and also a suitable
tariff on chicory.
aERIOVS VVHISI\G IN BRAZIL.
Bands of Religion* lan a ties Commit
Many Atrocities.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 3.— The Her
i aid's special cable from Buenos Ayres
I says: Rio Janeiro advices state that seri
ous alarm is felt at the growth of the
fanatical movement in Babia. The bands
of religious insurrectionists have com
mitted more atrocities, and their aggres
sion is as yet unchecked in the province.
The force which the Government has
organized under Colonel Morciera Csesar
will start for the province at once. Colonel
Caesar delares tnat he will exterminate th»»
fanatical marauders. A body of 6000
fanatics is reported to be advancing toward
the principal Government post in Bahia.
AX AltfllY ltl:Jii.\s JTJV CRETE.
Freah Disturbance* Everywhere, the
Authorities Being Pouter let*.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 3.-A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Con
stantinople says: The Ambassadors here
received Monday news of fresh disturb
ances having broken out in Crete, during
which a notable Greek was assassinated.
Yesterday a second telegram reached the
Ambassadors, sayine the revolutionary
movement had also declared itself at
Cane.i and that complete anarchy reigns
everywhere. « .
Wiirrf'Kiin I'trnihj Feud.
STOUTLAND, Mo., Feb. 3 -A pitched
battle took place six miles norm of here
yesterday between three members of the
j Price family and threepf Partiow's. One
i of tbe Price faction was killed instantly
and two of the Pnrtlows were seriously
wounded. The fight was the result of a
family feud, and further trouble is ex
pected.
Still a Pritonrr in Peru.
NE*" YORK, N. V., Feb. 3.— Tne Her
aid's cabl? from Lima, Peru, says: The
mate of the Uncle John, arrested some
t:me ago, is still a prisoner. Tl;e United
biates charge d'affaires has demanded the
release of the mate. The charge agHinst
the mate was disorderly conduct, which
has never been proved.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1897.
AN ASTOUNDING
CRIMINAL CASE
A Young Man's Many Un
successful Attempts
at Murder.
Hired by One Lawyer to Blow
Up the Residence of
Another.
Also Tries to Kill His Stepmother
by the Most Dastardly
Methods.
BLOOMSBURG, Pa., Feb. 3.-One of
the most remarkable criminal cases in
Pennsylvania was brought into court here
yesterday. On September 10 last an at
tempt was made to blow up witL dyiia-,
mite the residence of Hon. Levi E. Waller,
a prominent lawyer of this place. The
attempt vras traced to Clifton Knorr, a
young man of goo 1 family, butof disso
lute habits. Knorrconfessed on his arrest
that he had been hired by Lloyd S. Win
terstein, a lawyer prominent ai tue bar of
this county, and interested in many busi
ness ventures, to blow up Waller's resi
dence for the purpose of killing Waller
and his family.
Winterstein was arrested, and yester
day the Grand Jury lound seven true bills
against Winterstein and Knorr, charging
them with several times attempting to
kill.
A still more dastardly attempt at murder
was confessed by Knorr to-day. He made
a confession that prior to the attempt he
made to blow up Waller's family, Winter
stein nad induced Dim to attempt the
assassination of Waller by shooting him.
Knorr laid In wait for Waller, but the
latter's life was saved by his unexpected
departure from town.
As if this were not enough, Knorr con
fessed to an attemrjt to kill bis step
mother, Mrs. Knorr, and that, too. by
means that only the wildest nctionists
would have thought of. Knorr says that
he twice attempted to poison his step
mother by putting poison in her tea, but
each time by a fortunate chance the at
tempt was frustrated.
Then, on the suggestion of Winterstein,
he wrote to a certain place in New York
City, and there procured the bacilli
of diphtheria with the purpose of
imparting the disease to bis step
mother. When the bacilli arrived
Knorr learned that the only way the
disease could be imparted was by inocula
tion. It was impossible for him lo do this
without his stepmother's knowledge, bat
in the hope that she would contract the
disease, anyhow, he scattered the germs
tbrdugh her clothing. All the-e attempts
at murder arise from a business trans
action in which Winterstein was worsted
by Waller, and in which Mrs. Knorr was
interested.
When the bills from tbe Grand Jury
were returned to court yesterday Winter
stein's counsel a«ked for a continuation.
Tbe prosecution wanted to know on what
grounds tbe continuance was asked for,
but the attorney refused to state, and his
refusal vras sustained by tbe court.
Judge Ikeler, father of coun sel for the
defendant and formerly an intimate friend
of Wintersiein's, is the 3itting Judge. On
this account he telegraphed to Judge
Metz^er of Williamsport to come here to
day and hear the argument for a contin
uance of tbe case.
CABINET GOSSIP FROM CANTON.
St. John Boyle of Louisville Urged for
A ttorney- Genera/— A Minis tar's
Modest Request.
CANTON, Ohio, Feb. 3.— The Kentucky
Republicans who called on Major McKin
ley to-day suggested the appointment of
St. John Boyle, a well-known lawyer of
Louisville, to the position of Attorney.
General. Amon: those who spoke in Mr.
Boyle's behalf were Judge George Durelle
of the Kentucky Court of Appeals, James
A. Buckner Jr. and Charles T. Ballard of
Louisville. No promises were made by
Major McKinley, but it is understood he
has Mr. Boyle's name under considera
tion.
J. A. Porter of Hartford, Conn., called
on the President-elect to-day and pre
sented an application for the Italian em
bassy. Mr. Porter is cordialiy indorsed by
the Connecticut members of Congress.
He is one of many applicants for the posi
tion, and it is thought that the Italian
embassy is likely to be given to a New
York or Pennsylvania man.
Ex-Governor Connell of New York, who
was here last week in, the interest of Gen
eral Woodford, called on the President
elect again to-day.
A. W. Monroe of Baltimore, who is a
business and political friend of James A.
Gary, had en interview with Mr. McKin
ley and advanced some fresh reasons why
Mr. Gary should be appointed to the Cab
inet, but there are as yet no indications
that a Maryland man will be offered a
portfolio.
Among Major McKinley's callers to-day
was Rev. J. H. Sutherland of New Cum
berland. W, Va., who wants to be Consul
to Jerusalem and who is indorsed by Sen
ator Stephen B. Elkin*.
It is stated here to-night, on what is
thought to be reliable authority, that J.
Addick Porter of Connecticut was offered
the private secretaryship to the President
elect and accepted.
SAX JMANVJSCO SJBIPPIXG.
Philadelphia Exchange* Action on a
BUI .Vote Before Conrjrctt.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Feb. 3.— At a
special meeting of the directors of the
Maritime Exchange to-day there was a
lengthy discussion on the discriminating
duty bill, now before Congress, and its
probable effect on the shipping interests
of the country. •
As a result, it was decided to send a
memorial to the United States Senate pro
testing against the passage of . the bill.
The memorial adopted says:
In the opinion of the Philadelphia Mari
time Exchange, the provisions of this bill, if
enacted, will be disastrous to the shipping
not having the effect sought to be accom
plished, and would destroy rather* than build
up the American merchant marine.
The discriminating duty would encourage
importations Into the United States by rail,
and thus not only build up foreign lines run
ning to Canadian and Mexican ports, but also,
by shutting out foreign steamers at San Fran
cisco, drive traffic from the American trans
continental railways to the Canadian Pacific
Railway. -
PaUUcnl Trouble in Detroit.
DETROIT, Mich., Feb. 3. -The fight to
oust Governor Pingree from his office as
Mayor of this city was transferred to the
Jocai courts to-day. D. W. H. Moreiand,
a member of the Board oi Puolic Works,
to-day applied tor and obtained ;t man
damus from the Chancery Court f..r the
Common Council to show why it tint not
recognized tnat by accepting the office of
Governor the Hon. Hazen S. Pingre<- va
cated the office of Mayor, end directed
that the vacancy be filled at the charier
election in April. The order is returnable
February 13.
FALSE AND LIBELOUS.
Endeavor Convention Will Come to San
Franc/sco Notwithstanding Con
trary R sports.
BOSTON. Mass., Feb. 3.— Reports that
the next CbriatUUl Endeavor convention
would b6 taken away from Sin Francisco
because the Endeavor officials were not
satisfied with personal concessions and
favors is emphatically denied hy Secretary
Baer. He sends out the following:
"We are inter.-sted only in securing a
low railroad rate and reasonable limit for
the convention. Reports to the contrary,
originating in Chicago, are absolutely ialse
and libelous.
"Endeavorers will please pay no atten
tion to ttie misleading and unauthorized
stories and wait for official announce
ments, which will be made very soon. The
railroads have agreed to a low rate, but
several important conditions concerning
the sale of licketi, etc, have yet to be
settled."
STRIKE FIRE THEMSELVES.
Annual Meeting of ihe Dicmond Match
Company, at Which Gould and
Other Interests Clash.
CHICAGO, 111., Feb. 3.— A select party
of Ntsw Yorkers, of whom Lawyer Barclay
E. V. McCarthy acted as spokesman,
represented the Edwin Gould interest,
antagonistic to the management, and
created a stormy ?cene at the annual
meeting ot the Diamond Match Company
stockholders, held in the Pullman build
ing to-day.
Although the New York lawyer was
suppres-ed a- quickly as possible, every
time he opened the batteries of fiery ob
jection, denunciation and cross-question
ing of President Barber there was sensa
tion enough in the meeting to make it a
memorable one in tue history of the cor
poration.
In the Eastern delegation were also
Jared G. Baldwin Jr., George Erbeiding;
Mr. Goulds irivate secretary, H. D. E*ta
brook; H. D. Wagner, broker for Mr.
Gould, who appeared to be in charge of
the party, and Louis Lombard, who was
thereon his own account and created the
only mirth that was provoked during the
session.
The belligerent minority cast 1225 cumu
i lativb votes for Mr. Waggoner for prasi
j dent, but the number of "-hares they actu
| ally voted on was 225. The ticket elected
j secured 98,140, the following being the di
rectors Cliche 11 :
O. C. Barber, J. K. Robinson, George T.
Smith, George H. Webster and Clarence
Buckingham. Mr. Barber was re-elected
psesident of the directors.
The meeting was attended by stock
holders and their proxies from California,
Louisiana, Minnesota and New York,
while the local crowd helped to pack the
room. Edwin Walker, a brilliant corpora
tion lawyer of this city, was chosen chair
man by a viva voce vot», despite the
heated protest of Lawyer McCarthy.
The annual statement shows earnings of
$1,22(5,441, and dividends paid $1,100,000.
iA A 31 1 < II lv I > MIKE.
yarrow JE'capu of Miners ' From the
Uoughton Shaft.
. aOUGHTON. Mich., Feb. 3.— The fire
in shaft No. 3 of the Tamarack mine was
extinguished ' at noon. j William and An
toine Tomoczchevski succeeded in reach
ing the cage, which had been Kept running
constantly since the fire started, and
reached the surface safely.
They had tapped the airpipe and es
caped suffocation by a liberal use of com
pressed air.
Peter and "William L*mpin were res
cued at 1 o'clock this aiternoon. They
had not suffered serioubly from their ex
perience.
Idaho Thuga Put to Fliyht.
LEWISTON, Idaho, Feb. 3.— An at
tempt was made by masked robbers to
hold up two Indians last night in Soldiers'
Canyon, between Lewiston and Lapwai.
The redmen refused to stand and deliver,
although revolvers were presented in the
regulation style.
The Indians drew sheath-knives and at
tacked the robbers, who took to flight,
leaving behind a trail of blood. William
Jones was afterward arrested, being iden
tified by means of a severe wound acro«s
his face, inflicted oy a knife in the bauds
of one of his intended victims.
Bank Wreckers Admitted to Bail.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Feb. 3.— Attorney
Charles Hartzwell of Denver, Colo., peti
tioned the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals here to-day fora writ of error in
the case of the United States against C.
H. Dow, S. E. McClurken and O. E. Miller,
convicted at a recent session of the
United States District Court of wrecking
the Bank of Commerce in the city of
Denver. The writ was granted and de
fendants will be admitted to baii in the
sum of 110,000 each.
IHititlera Gain a Decided Victory.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 3— The
distillers of the United States gained a
decided victory over the wholesale dealers
and rectifiers yesterday when the Senate
Committe on Finance ordered a favorable
report on the uiil to allow the bottling of
distilled spirits in bond. The bill sets
forth in detail the provisions under which
spirits may be bottle i and guaranteed by
the Government. A bitter tight is to be
made against the bill when it comes up
before the Senate.
The Seelry Dinner Haiti Justified.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Feb. 3.— The Police
Commissioners have deeded that Captain
Chapman did perfectly right when he took
his wardmen into Sherry's in the early
morning of Sunday before Christmas at
the Sfeley dinner. The decision of the
Commissioners, embodied in a long re
view of the case, is now under lock and
key in the office of Commissioner Grant.
It will probably be made public to-mor
row.
Oiia*t*r Cnnited by ire on a Switch.
ARLINGTON. S. D.. Feb. 3.— lee on a
switch on the Northwestern Railway at
this place last night prevented the train
from taking a siding. The train it was to
meet crashed into a passenger car. Con
ductor R. Addington, Brakeman F. L.
Hosack and passengers John Loftus of
De Smet and Harris of Arlington were
killed and a largo number were injured.
Viif n Hull- t Into Hi* Hra.it.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 3.—Gi!
man M. Fague, a well-known clubman
and patron of amatenr athletics, sent a
ballet through bis brain with suicidal in
tent to-day at his home on X street. He
died half an hour later, without regaining
consciousness. Financial embarrassment,
it is believed, was the cm c.
Cnlifornin in the Inaugural Parade.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 3—General
Horace Porter, grand marshal of the in
augural parade, has appointed the follow
ing persons, representing California, to
serve on his personal staff: E. M. Boyd,
San Francisco;^ C. Boatman, Oakland;
J. F. Keneaiy, ff7s Angeles; P. U. Kates
Oakland,
OTHERS ARE AFTER
THE UNION PACIFIC
Terms Upon Which New
Preferred Stock Is to
Be Issued.
About $29,000,000 Will Be Re
quired to Purchase the Gov
ernment's Interest.
Plan for Syndicate Subscriptions and
Reorganiz ition Outlined by
Boston Interests.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 3— The Boston
News Bureau say- : Another interest be
sides ttie Union Pacific reorganization
committee will bid for the Union Pacific
property at the foreclosure sale, though
who this party may be is not yet dis
closed. Tliero are no indications that the
Chicago, Burlington and Qnincy Railroad
Company contemplates any such pur
chase, nor does the Chicago and North
wesieru expeci to be a bidder, as it is well
satisfied with present trarncarraiiKements,
which it is expected will be continued
after the sale.
The terms of the syndicate subscrip
tions formed for the reorganization of the
Union Pacific are about as follows: The
subscribers to the first $10,000,000 syndi
cate, and who put up money some time
ago for reorganization expenses, payment
of coupons, etc., are to get bacK their
money with 6 per cent interest and a
bonus of 50 per cent in new preferred
stock. The terms of the second subscrip
tion, made up for $4.000 000, were that
subscribers were to receive new Union
Pacific 4 per c^nt bonds at par and a
bonus of 50 per cent in stock. The recent
modification of the Union Pacific plan,
by which the issue of first mortgage 4 per
cent bonds for the new company is to be
so cut down as to place $25,000,000 bonds
in the treasury of the new company and
leave only $75,000,000 outstanding, was
designed to strengthen the situation of
the new company and give a better posi
tion to botu the bonds and preferred
stock.
Although the reorpanizers of the Union
Pacific have 90 per cent of the first mort
gage bonds purchased O r on deposit, they
had not secured a majority of the sinking
fund 8 per cent bonds at the last meeting
of the committee. But there is reason to
believe that there will be no contest over
the reorganization of the sinking-fund
eights and the Kansas Pacific consols.
Of the latter bonds, the committee held a
majority.
Boston people are the owners of the
largest blocks of these bonds, and they
recognize that, since October, 1595, the
position of junior securities and Nebraska
lands has not improved.
The sinking-fund bonds are secured by
land notes which have diminished in
value the past fifteen months, and the
Kansas Pacific line is still in default on its
first mortgage.
It has not yet been arranged as to how
the United States treasury sinlcing bond
will be pnt up at vendue in the fore
closure 3ale, but about 129,000,000 of net
money from the reorganizes will, it is be
lieved, purchase the entire Government
interest. The first-mortgage bonds will
be taken care of under the plan, so that
not so much money as appears upon the
face of the syndicate subscriptions will be
needed for the reorganization.
SHIPPING LEAD IN BOND.
A New Move That Staggers the Trust
and Revolutionizes Railroad
Transportation.
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 3.— The Times
this afternoon says: Under the supervi
sion of the United States Surveyor of cus
tom foi the port of Denver, a slow but
sure revolution in transcontinental freight
moves is going on.
Last night the Globe smelter shipped
1000 tons of pig lead through the custom
house in bond to Liverpool. On January
18 the Pueblo Smeltin- and Refining
Company shipped 800 ions of pig lead to
Liverpool via Galveston, and these ship
ments have continued at the rate of about
six carloads a day.
Tnis morning* the Gnggenneims, the
Philadelphia Smelting and Retining Com
pany, had their ore house bonded, and
will at once join the movement to Liver
pool of large quantities of lead.
Back of the whole movement is a
scheme to break thtj backbone of the great
and ail-powerful lead trn»t, and millions
oIF dollars are at stake. The trust sought
to freeze out the English owners of the
ereat silver and lead mines in British Co
lumbia.
It declined to buy the output of the
mines, and at the same time advanced the
price of lead the wor.d over. This was a
deiianceand it was substantially backed
by closing the markets in America and
endeavoring to influence the railways and
make it so expensive for the British
Columbia mine-owners that they would
be killed off.
The trust succeeded for a while in keep
ing the ore out of the market, but develop
ment of the country was delayed until
some big syndicate took charge of the
mines in the Kootenai and Slogan dis
tricts and with barrels of cash began the
fight.
Tre mine-owners finally found one road
which has iewer strings on it than the
trans-continental lines, and favorable
rates were made with this line, the Den
ver, Union Pacific and Guil, which made
a special rate on condition that the ship
ments should be made via Galveston, so
as 10 give them a long haul.
Arrangements were made with the
United Stales Custom-house officials so
that the ore. as soon us it crossed the
American line, came under the provision
of the customs officials. Government in
spectors accompanying each shipment
from the international boundary line to
the smelters of Denver and Pueblo.
At the smelters the ore is placed in
bonded warehouses and is smelted and
ref.ned under the eyes of customs officials.
Then, transformed' into bars of pig lead,
it is placed upon the cars of the Union
Pacific. Denver and Gulf, taken to Galves
ton, and under Government inspection 13
placed on board slips.
At Liverpool the market is uncontrolled
by the lead trust, and, being shipped and
bmelted while in bond, it relieves the
owners of the United States duty on the
inipjrted lead.
According to information obtained at
the custora-honse the ore is arriving in
Denver at the rate of about six carloads a
day. Of these two cars go to the Globe
smelter and four are forwarded to the
Pueblo smelter. The ore runs on an
average 100 ounces in silver to the ton, at
the same lime being 80 per ceut lead.
A I trutetinnl H><f.«.
OMAHA, Nebb., Feb. 3.— Miss Char
lotte, the daughter of General and Mrs.
Trown Dandy, was this evening married
to Lieutenant James T. Dean, Twentv
sp-oiul Infantry. A bit of dash and color
was given to the ceremony t>v the pres
ence of distinguished army officers from
Kan-as, Colorado, Illinois and Minnesota
in dress uniform. The nuptial vi>w was
taken before Bishop Worthington at
Trinity Cathedral, which hal been ap
propriately decorate 1 with American flags
and palms for tt:e occasion.
HE DINED THE PRINCE.
Embassacfor Bayard Gives a Dinner at
Which Royalty and Dignity
Are Presant.
LONDON, Eno., Feb. 3.— Hon. Thomas
F. Bayard, United States Embassador,
gave a dinner in honor of the Prince of
Wales this evening at his residence at 13
Eaton Square.
The guests included Cardinal Vaughn,
Lord Salisbury, the Marquis of Lan!»
downe, Lord Haisbury, Lord High Chan
cellor of England, Earl of Levem and
Melville, Earl Stanhope, tho Earl of Ca
perdown, the Earl of Northbrook, Earl
Carrington^ Lord Escher. Lord Baltour of
Burleign; Hon. T. B. Ferguson, United
States Minister to Sweden; Lord Playfair;
Lord Russell of Killoween. Lord Chief Jus
tice or England; Sir William Co'Ville,
Sir William Rmse:!, Sir Charles Hall, Bir
Robert Clements Markhani, Sir Evelyn
Wood. General Clarke; J. R. Carter, secre
tary cf the United States embassy, and
Lieutenant-Commander Cowies, naval at
tache to the American emba-sy.
The occurr3nce of the official dinner of
the Speaker of the Hoiibe of Commons
this evening prevented the Ministers, who
are members of the House of Commons,
from attending Mr. Bayard's dinner.
A small but curious crowd, chiefly com
posed o: women, gathered near Mr. Bay
ard's residence and watched the arrival of
the guests. The pavement in front of the
house was covered with red carpet, over
which was an awning.
Lords Halsburv and Fairplay were the
first of the distinguished company to ar
rive, and the Prince of Waieu was the
last, his Royal Highness, attended by
General Clarke, arriving in a two-horse
brougham at 9:30 o'clock.
Alter paying bis respects to his host,
the Prince congratulated Lord Salisbury
upon the reoccurrence of his Dirthday,
trie Premier being 67 years old to-day.
The weather was wei and disagreeable.
In the course of the evening Amoassa
dor Bayard, in a few well-chosen words,
offered « toast to her gracious m;iiestv,
Queen Victoria, and the Prince of Wales
proposed the health of President Cleve
land, speaking in generous terms of
America's chief magistrate. The guests
took their departure at 11 o'ciock.
WRECK A TRAIN
WITH DYNAMITE
■ Continued jrom First Pag*--
issued a manifesto announcing strong dis
satisfaction with the reforms recently
granted by Spain. The manifesto states
that because of the party's attitude, its
members will refuse to vote at the coming
municipal elections. These elections are
the tir^t practical application of the new
law.
The Porto Rico reforms a« enactei by
the Spanish law provide that the island of
Porto Rico, while yet remaining one
province, shall be divided into two re
gions. Each region supplies aix Depu
ties, and in each is a delegate of the Gov
ernor of the island to facilitate his Ex
cellency's opera itons.
There is also an administrative council,
consisting of the leading officials of the
island, together with six deputies and six
councilors nominated by royal decree.
The function of this court is to advise
only in all questions relating to economy
and internal administration.
The provincial deputation controls pub
lic works, postal and telegraphic commu
nications by land and water, agriculture,
industry and commerce, immigration and
colonization, public instruction and sani
tation.
In the Governor's office is instituted a
special local administration sub-depart
ment to draw up, render and audit the
annual accounts of the above-described
estimates. All agricultural matters are
subject to the sanction of the Governor,
who retains his existing secretarial office.
m: i: ait JtiOT ia BPA.iy.
In a JFight With the Police Thirty-Two
Prrton* Am Hoviidrd.
MADRID,; Spaiv, Feb. 3.— The -riotine
which took place at Aranjuez, in New
Castile, yesterday «rew out of the action
of the authorities in exacting an octroi
duty on flour whlcn had the effect of in
creasing the price of bread.
Reports of the disturbances show that
the mob handled the Mayor and the mem
bers of the council very severely, and the
riot was only stopped after the arrival of
police from Madrid, twenty-eieht miles
away, who dispersed the mob. In the
hght which took place thirty-two persons
were wounded.
LOOKS txOOl* fOX K..\EEBB.
TH« American Horaeman. May Sot
Save to Serve -Hi* Term.
BERLIN, Germany, Feb. 3.— The hear
ing of the appeal of Robert T. Kneebs,
the American horseman, against the
judgment of the court condemning him to
nine months' imprisonment for entering
his trotting mare Bethel in races on Ger
man courses under the name of Nellie
Kneeb<, which began here yesterday, is
expected ;o last five days. The case took
a turn favorable to Kneebs this after
noon, when Professor Egelin?, veterinary
expert, who recently returned from Amer
ica, where he examined the mare Bethel,
which Kneebs claims is not identical with
tbe mare Nellie Kneebs, was called to the
witness stand.
Professor Eggline testified that the
horse . he examined in America was not
more than eight years old and did not
possess scars and other distinguishing
marks which the real Bethel bears. The
testimony of Professor Eggling is cor
roborated by that of his traveling com
panion. The evidence of both witnesses
remained unshaken under cross-examina
tion.
THE ZKAT,A."\I>IA BA.FE.
Arrive* at Auckland.: from this Port
Serrral J>nys Overdue.
LONDON, ENG.,.Feb. 3.— An Auckland,
New Zealand, dispatch says that the
Hawaiian steamer Z^alandia, Cantain
Hayward. from San Francisco for- Hono
lulu and Australian ports, arrived at
Auckland to-day. The vessel was several
days overdue, and some anxiety was felt
for her safety. \ •
Leniency for Mrs. Car«u\
LONDON, Eng., Feb. 3.— The Tim-s will
to-morrow publish a dispatch from Yoko
hama stating that the British Minister to
Japan has commuted the death sentence
of Mrs. Carew, who was recently convicted
of the murder of her husband, Walter
Raymond Carew, secretary of the Yoko
hama United Club, by the administration
of arsenic, to imprisonment for life.
Still I>r/itia h'rom tin- Plague.
BOMBAY, India, Feb. 3.— The official
returns of the health authorities show
that there were ninety-seven deatu? from
the plague in this city yesterday, and
fifty- one deaths from the disease at Kur
rachee.
JOHNSTON'S REPLY
TO THE GOVERNOR
Says Every State Printing
Office Employe Earned
His Wage.
Given LayOffs Only When They
Had Worked Overtime
Without Pay.
Bookkeeper Wallis Declares Johnston
Saved Thousands of Dollars
to the State.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. Feb. 3.— State
Printer Johnston, in reply to the charge
made by the Democratic partisans of Gov
ernor Budd to the effect that he had pre
sentt 1 a bill lor work in his office during a
period when the office was shut down, ex
plained to a Call reporter this morning
that during tho busy seasons foremen and
heads of departments worked overtime at
night after doing the full day's work, es
pecially during sessions of the Legisla
ture. For this overtime they were not
paid by the Stale, and in order that the
hard-working employes mightbe compen
sated for the work actually done by
them, Mr. Johnston, who is recognized by
labor organizations as a true friend of the
workingman, ordered that eacn employe
so contributing should be granted a lay-off
without deduction of pay. That had been
the rule of tl.e office as far back as Mr.
Johnston could remember, and it was the
rule in other offices.
These men often worked up to 11 or 12
o'ciock at night and or. Sundays without
extra pay.
Talbot H. Wallis, bookkeeper for the
State Printer, went into the details of the
matter, and showed that by laying off the
men instead of paying them cash for over
time the State had saved between $18,000
and $19,000 during Mr. Johnston's admin
istration, whicii otherwise would have
been paid out for extra time. As a matter
of fact no man had received one dollar
on the payroll without working for it.
With reference to the charge that the
State Printer had discretionary powers
and could refuse to do certain work when
requested, Mr. Johnston said that ?orae
time ago the Legislature passed an act by
which the State Printer was granted dis
cretionary power to revise, cut down, or
refuse to print certain worlf. The Attor
ney-General shortly afterward rendered a
written opinion to the effect that this law
did not affect the reports of State officers
and that the State Printer had no disore
tion whatever with regard to the printing
of such reports. All that was required
was that the work must be ordered by the
State Board of Examiners.
"Wherever there has been an oppor
tunity offered to cut down printing work,"
continued Mr. Johnston, "I have always
done it, but the necessary work must be
performed, because the law requires that
all State printing must be done in the
State Printing Office. With reference to
the charge that I had printed 10,000 school
grammars unnecessarily, I wish to state
that in doing so I simply obeyed the law,
which requires the State Printer to keep
constantly on hand a sufficient quantity of
schooliooks to till all orders. The fact is
that those grammars were printed nearly
a year before the copy for the new
grammar was received at my office. I
rannoc afford to be without textbooks. I
have already sold a large quantity of that
10,000 edition and am receiving orders for
them every day, as they are being used in
the schools at the present time. They
will all be disposed of.
"In making out my bills I fulfill all the
requirements of the law, otherwise they
would not be allowed by the Board of
Examiners, Governor Hudd'j opinion to
the contrary notwithstanding."
Loa Anjele* for Arbitration.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 3.— The
Chamber of Commerce to-day telegraphed
the resolution to the Senate indorsing the
English arbitration treaty and urging its
adoption.
JOY'S INDORSED.
Mr. Theodore Stacke Declares Joy's
Did Him a World of Good.
Joy's Sarsfiparilla Will Cleanse the Blood
. «
— == ~C I i»J I { tr\
MR. T. STACKE.
Mx\ T. Stacke lives at the Santa Rosa
Hotel, corner Fourth and San Pedro streets,
Los Angeles, Cai. He has used several
bottles of the native sarsaparilla, and is
now .convinced Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla is be3t, "for," said he, "when I be-
gan using the Sarsaparilla I had a, desire
to rest all the time. My blood was dis-
ordered, my tongue coated. At times,
just for a moment, my head swam ; I was
not the least bit dizzy. ' I knew my needs
and determined to use a bottle of Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I easily procured
the first bottle, and after using for six days
felt better in every way. When I bougnt
the second bottle I had a little trouble in
getting it. The drug clerk tried to talk me
into using something else. I knew what I
wanted and insisted on getting Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I am heartily
glad I bought the remedy and will, gladly,
recommend it to anyone. Joy's is cer-
tainly fine."
No druggist owns stock in Joy's Vege-
table Sarsaparilla. Any druggist claiming
to pay its advertising bills ia a fraud. "
Don't let the drug clerk talk you into
buying something' else for Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla. ; He laughs at you when
you leave the corner store with a sub«&
tute. Watch him.
34
CLOSING PLEAS
FOR DUCKWORTH
Evidence All Taken in the
Temporary Roll In
vestigation.
Judson C. Brusie Speaks in
Justification of the Chief
Clerk's Course.
Committee Will Meat in Executive
Session To-Day to Pass Upon
the Findings.
SACRAMENTO, Cai,., Feb. 3.— Tbe
temporary roll scandal investigation was
practically ended this evening by the con
clusion of the taking of testimony. About
half a dozen witnesses were examined.
F. C. Jordan, County Clerk of Alameda,
told bow the appointment ot Wesley
Dixon had been recommended to Mr.
Duckworth, (irant Towle narrated the
manner in which Clerk Duckworth had
stopped payment of the warrants of
Gunzendorfer and Rodriguez, after he had
learned that they had not taken part in
the organization of the Assembly. R. R.
Duckworth and a letter from A. Campbell
of San Francisco explained to the satis
faction of the committee how the name of
Campbell had been omitted from the roll.
Mr. Emmons said that the resolution
creating the committee simply authorized
it to get at the truth ana report it to the
Assembly. It had no authority to find a
verdici or to take any final action in the
matter.
It was decided that, ten minutes would
be sufficient time for the arguments on
each side, and Mr. Chynoweth opened for
the committee. He began by stating that
he desired to call the attention of the com
mittee to a portion of the testimony given
by Mr. Duckworth. The original Jist was
sent to the printer and appeared in the
Journal with one or two names added to
it the next morning. Then he wished to
call attentiou to a letter sent by Duck
worth to the State Printer asking him to
add another name which had been omitted
— that of Rodriguez. The list sent to the
State Printer by Duckworth was the otlicial
list. Afterward he directed the btate
Printer to change the list by the insertion
of another name.
"The point is," continued Mr. Cbyno
wetb, "whether or not that is a mutilation
or an alteration of a public document, and
I would refer you to section 110 of the
Penal Code."
Judson C. Brusie followed with an elo
quent address, in which he poured honey
over the committee and the reporters.
"Not one single question,' 1 he said, "in
the whole course of this investigation has
been asked by us with the hope of bring
ing that response that would shift the
responsibility onto the shoulders of
others. That list, gentlemen of the com
mittee, is more to the credit of the men
•who remembered their friends than it is
to their dishonor. It was introduced
against our protest ; it was never intenued
by Mr. Duckworth as a defense, and I will
Bay here that if his defense had depended
upon introducing that iist, it never would
have been introduced by us. He has con
fessed frankly to you that under the so
licitations of the members ana under the
great pressure or the moment, those
names were placed there to pay the debt
of gratitude. He has tried to present his
case without involving any one else, and
we believe that he has succeeded."
Brusie proceeded to say that the sec
retary of the Senate, the clerk of the
Assembly, the minute clerks of both
houses and the two eergeants-at-armb
were obliged by law to go to the Staie
Capitol at each succeeding session and per
form the duties of their offices until their
successors were elected. It designated
those who must return, but it did not
mean that those three alone should par
ticipate in the ceremonies of the occasion.
The statute provided that the permanent
organization of the House should be
effected with eighteen officers and attaches.
Duckworth appointed 108, yet on the per
manent roll tnere are 155.
"Wluo is to say," continued Brusie,
''that you don't know how many are re
quired? and as one honorable gentleman
said, 'There is plenty ot room lor economy
elsewhere during the session besides stop
ping that trifling reward that falU drop
by drop into tue pockets of poor and de
serving men.'
"The people of this State are looking
for general results, not as to who shall be
held responsible for the number of people
appointed under the temporary organiza
tion. There is only one man on ihe
face of the earth who can suffer from the
findings of this committee, and that man
ie S. J Duckworth. Ii there is any pen
alty, if there is a reputation to be sacri
ficed, if there is a pood name to be lost, he
alone mu-t stand it."
The speaker asked that the committee,
when it came to the findings, should not
go behind the question as to whether or
not he committed a fraud. That was ail
that the resolution provided for. Duck
worth had made a fuil, honest confession
to the effect that he had listened to the
importunities of friends in the Assembly
until he himself was appalled by them.
Many men seomed to delight in putting
the blame somewhere, and it unfortun
ately seemed that Duckworth was the
man selected to bear the blame. In mak
ing these appointmeuts tho evidence
showed that Duckworth hat not gained
any advantage in his canvass for 'he cnief
clerkship. Not a single witness had said
tuat the chief clerk had ever approached
him on the proposition of voting for him.
Mr. Brueie justified the practice of reward
ing political friends.
•'From the office of President of the
United State?," he added, "down to the
distribution of patronaee in the Cabinet
political services are rewarded. The man
who forgets bis friends is despised by all
men. We know how these men come and
importune us. To go on the temporary
roll is an advantage where there :ire
■everal candidates, and to put one and
not all on the roll would be giving that
one an unfair advantage over his rivals,
and there is no course open to the clerk
except to put them all on. If 108 were
put on, and there are 155 now, it is to
your credit that they are there. It is the
very means by which we are all elected,
and Jt is the very means by which this
country is eoverned. It is true to-day, as
it has ever been, that 'to the victor belongs
th« spoils,' notwithstanding the purity of
elections law. It is a human impulse,
and no law on this earth can prevent it.'
Members of the Legislature, like the
honorable gentlemen that they are, went
upon the stand and acknowledged that
they made these reauebts of the chef
clerk."
On motion of Dr. Keableß the commit
tee decided to go into executive session to
morrow to consider the findings of the
committee.
LBTTEB-CA&MIUHS' SALARIES.
■ Manage of a Joint Retolution favoring
an Increase.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 3. — Mr.
Ennia this morning introduced an Assem
bly joint resolution (No. 24) which reads
as follows :
r Whereas, There is now pending in the House
of Representatives a bill entitled H. R. 260, I
AN E/ STERN IDEA OF THE NEVADA LEGISLATURE.
Cue Legislature Which. Regards Prize -Fighting as Among Legitimate Pastimes.
[Reproduced from the Pittsburg Dispatch.]
"A bill to increase the salaries of letter-car
riers," said bill having passed the Senate by a
unanimous vote and been reported favorably
by the Committee on Postoffices and Postroads
of the House, the provisions of the bill adding
a fourth grade of salary In first-class office* of
$l"00 per annum, ana in Becond-class offices
$1000 per annum, the present salary being
$600, $800 and $1000 in class offices
an<l $600 and $350 In second-class offices.
Under present conditions a carrier entering
the service must, serve at least eight years be
lore he can obtain the highest grade of salary,
the substitute-list and subsequent grades of
service requiring that time. The carrier
service is self-supporting and a source of
revenue to the Government, the duties of the
carrier exacting, arduous and responsible, re
quiring a high grade of physical and mental
ability.
Rcso vcd. By. the Senate of the State of Cali
fornia, the Assembly concurring, that our
Senators and Representatives at Washington
be and they are »<ereby requested, to urge the
passage of said bill at the present session of
Congress; that the secretary of the Senate be
and is hereby Instructed to transmit a copy of
these resolutions to our Representatives in
Congress, also to Hon. Thomas B. Reed, Speaker
of the House of Representatives.
ASSEMBLY RUVTIAE.
Hills I'ataed in the Lower Jloute of the
• Legislature.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 4.—Bridg
ford's resolution requesting Congress not
to impose a tariff on jute grain bags was !
reported to the Assembly this morning i
with favorable recommendation by the
Federal Relations Committee.
Bills were passed as follows: To in
crease the penalties for selling liquor to
Indians; to require commercial banks to
advertise unclaimed deposits, as savings
banks do; to change the boundaries
between Slitter and Yuba Counties;
to permit railroads operating above
certain elevations ■to cease operation
during. winter months; Wright's bill regu
lating pawnbrokers.
A large number of bills on the third
reading file could not be considered be
cause not returned with amendments by
the printing office.
Four bills were passed this afternoon.
They are: Senate bill 13S, making an ap
propriation for a California exhibit at the
Nashville (Term.) exposition; Senate bill
2(*5, appropriating $500 for the expanses of
Presidential electors; Senate bill 60, con
ferring power upon municipalities to erect
and maintain hospitals and to levy taxes
therefor, and benate bill 107, requiring in
ventories of State and county property.
Assembly bills to increase the efficiency
of fire departments in cities of the first
class, and authorizing cities to take the
census, were given third reading and
parsed.
Assembly bill 29, requiring the placing
of notices by claimants of mines relative
to work done by other parties, was lost,
Camtnetti giving notice of reconsideration
for the purpose of amending so as to make
the posting of one notice sufficient.
Assembly bill 70, empowering Justices
of the Peace to call in otuer Justices to sit
! during their absence, passed.
IX THE Ul'l'Elt HOUSE.
Summary of the Uay't Proceeding* in
the State Senate.'
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 3.— A reso
lution recommending the establishment
of a National leper asylum was passed by
the Senate this morning.
Buila was granted reconsideration of
the Torrens land act.
Denison offered a report from the
junketing committee, setting forth the
expenses of the trip to Whittier and
various other institutions, the bill aggre
gating $Bf>l 10.
Assembly bill 33 was taken from the
special file and debated at length. The
bill provides that a non-resident relative
of a deceased person may nominate an
administrator. Simpson opposed the bill
on the ground that it would lessen the
income of the Public Administrator.
Dickinson declared it inoperative and
GiLette said it would allow the nomina
tion Dy unsuspecting non-residents of
shysters, who would gobble the estate,
Braunbart championed the bill, making
two long speeches in its lavor, claiming
that it would entitle the wishes of
the deceased to some consideration and
declaring that the Public Administrator's
fees were oiten exorbitant. Pedlar also
supported the bill, which was finally lost.
Assembly bill providing for an addi
tional Superior Judge for Santa Clara
County passed its second reading without
amendment, which probably insures Its
panßaee.
When the third reading file was taken
up it was found there was not a quorum
present, and the Senate adjourned until
to-morrow.
Fitr.t: iollroabs.
Resolution* to Remedy a Suiaance in
the Yon etui to Valley.
SACRAMENTO, Ca*.., Feb. 3.—Assem
blyman U click this morning introduced
Assembly joint resolution 25, relating to
the purchasing and making free to the
United States Government of the toll
roads passing over the Yosemite National
Park in the State of California. The reao
lutions recites that in 1885 and 1889 the
State purchased and made free portions
of three tollroads in the Yosemite Val
ley, and that in 1890 an act of Congress
was passed establishing the Yosemite
National Park, but it did not provide for
tne making free of the said three tollroads
passing over the National Park and into
theYoseraite Valley, or for the making
tree of the fourth tollroad passing through
the park but not into the valley.
The resolution recites further that the
United States Senate in 1896 authorized
tne purchase and making free of the three
tollroads from their beginnings at the
public highways outside of the National
Park to where they cross the boundary
line of the Yosemite Valley grant, and of
the fourth tollroad from its beginning in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1897.
the Yosemite National Park to its ter
minus beyond the boundary of the Yu
seimto National Park, at the actual vaiue
of the four road 6, to be ascertained by
three officers of the enrineer corps of the
regular army, to be appointed by the Sec
retary of War.
The resolution urges the National Gov
ernment to pass the bill making free the
tollroada and trails in the Yosemite Val
ley and in Yosemite National Park, and
requests the Governor to forthwith trans
mit to each of the Senators and Repre
sentatives In Congress from this State a
copy of these resolutions.
WATER TO It THE LAWMAKERS.
Will I>« Supplied HUH an Abundance
of Aqua Pur a.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 3.— Water—
Blue Canyon water — was the subject of
much persiflage and merriment in the
Senate to-day. Senator Pedlar yesterday
introduced a resolution providing for au
appropriation of $5 a day to provide the
Senate chamber with drinkable water
during the remainder of the session. Toe
resolution was reported favorably to-day
by the committee to which it was referred.
Senator Bulla moved an amendment
that the amount bo reduced to $3 50 a day.
He thought that was a sufficient amount
of money to be expended on water, when
there was no apparent danger of the sun
ply of other thirst-quenching beverages
and liquids giving out.
Senator Morehouse said he was not en
tirely in accord with the resolution, as he
still retained sufficient Democratic prin
ciples to want to take an occasional drink
of something other than — even Blue
Canyon water.
Senator Voorheis also scented danger to
his personal predilections. He mentally
and rapidly figured up that $3 50 would,
at the rate charged— 2 cents a gallon— pay
for 175 gallons of water per day. This, he
pointed out, was in the proportion of about
four and a half gallons of water per day
for each member of the Senate. He con
cluded by saying that the infliction of
such a quantity of water on the members
was a piece of cruelty that would be sure
to evoke indignant protestations from
every humanitarian throughout the State.
The resolution was ultimately passed by
a vote of 27 to 8.
TOO MA* I CLER&&.
ftraunharf* Bill Affecting San Fran
eiteo County Office*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 3.— By the
bill introduced to-day by Senator Braun
hart several important changes are pro
vided for in the matters of the clerical
force and salaries in the county offices of
San Francisco.
The number of reeister clerks drawing
$175 per month is reduced from twelve to
four, those drawing $150 per month are
reduced lrom twenty-four to thirteen, and
the number of copyists is changed from
thirty-six to fiftesn, but the salaries of the
latter are increased from $3 per day to $100
per month. Two changes are contem
plated in the Sheriff's office: Tho book
keeper's salary is to bo reduced from $JSO
to $.'OO, and the assistant bookkeeper's re
muneration is to be increased from $100 to
$150. These changes would effect a saving
to the county oi $4250 per month, 0r551,000
a year.
Another important new feature is in
cluded in the measure which provides
that when clerks are not engaged in their
regular duties they may be aesigned to
other work.
ZXTO THE WAHIKBASKBT. '
One of Senator Bert* Bill* Cornea to an
Ignoble l.n I.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 3— Senator
Bert made a public confession of lack of
judgment or incompetency on the floor
to-day. His bill providing for the ap
pointment of a Japanese interpreter for
the criminal courts of San Francisco at a
salary of $150 a month came up for third
reading. It had been attacked on second
reading as being unnecessary and a« sim
ply providing a soft place for »<>me fa
vored individual. Bert made a strenuous
defense ot the measure at that time and
was most emphatic in declaring that the
need of a Japanese interpreter was most
urgent.
There promised to be another attack on
the Dill on third reading, so making a vir
tue of necessity Bert, when his bill was
reached on the file, asked permission to
withdraw it. He remarked that a con
ference with some of the Police Judges of
San Francisco had convinced him that
his bill wouid not provide for "a long-felt
want." There being no objection the biil
was unostentatiously dropped into the
wastebJuket.
LIB R AMI Tit US TJEES.
lit Republican* JLlected in Joint Set'
Mion of the liotue*.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 3.— The Sen
ate and Assembly in joint convention at
noon to-day elected nve Librarary Trus
tees, as follows:
Frank D. Ryan of Sacramento, 73 votes;
B. W. Lee of Los Angeles, 70 votes; . A. B.
Lemmon of Sonoma, 70 votes; Jacob H.
Neff of Placer, 70 votes; Thomas flint Er.
of San Benito, 70 votes.
This was the ticket determined upon in
caucus last night, as already publisned in
The Call. *
Str*. imrrv tUna Her Suit.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 3.— Judge
York to-day refused to admit the alleged
will of Fred. B. Emery to*probate, on the
grounds that toe deceased bud been of un
sound mind at the time the will was made
and had, moreover, been declared incom
petent. The tight was made by the widow
to prevent E. Emeiy, the son "and admin
istrator, from Retting control of property
valued at $16,000. *
TAXING CARSON'S
HOTEL CAPACITY
Orders for Quarters Are
Pouring in From All
Sections.
Citizens Rejoice Over the News
That Uncle Sam Will Not
Interfere.
Mills' Legislative Bi 1 Limiting the
Admission to the Fight Will Not
Be Reported.
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 2.— The dispatches
from San Francisco announcing that
United States Judge McKenna and others
bad declared mat the Federal Government
had no right to interfere to prevent the
Corbett-Fitzsimmons rieht in Nevada has
caused great rejoicing here. Nothing now
stands between Carson and the great pu
gilistic event that will bring thousands of
visitors and thousands of dollars to the
city.
Virginia City is putting in a strong bid
for the right, offering $10,000 caoh. The
Enterprise prints a list of hotel and lodg
ing-houses on the Comstock and the num
ber of people they can hold, giving an es
timate of 15,000 in all. The lighters tdem
selves, however, are to be considered, and
neither will consent to iiirbt at such a great
elevation. It is nearly 7000 feet above the
■ea level, and the pugilists would be com
pletely winded in a few rounds.
Tbe bill introduced by Senator Mills to
reduce the rate of admission will probably
be allowed to sleep its sleep in the com.
mittee and never be called up.
To-day James Gordon Bennett of the
New York Herald engaged rooms at the
Ormsby House for three of his staff, to be
occupied on March 1, and the suite usually
set apart for United States Senatorial can
didates was reserved. The hotel is the
largest in tbe city and nearest to the spot
where the right is expected to take place,
and the landlord will run a special wire
into bis parlors from the Western Union
for the accommodation of the newspaper
men. Orders for quarters in th« hotels
are coming In from all parts of the coun
try.
BIDS' T SUIT LJLSK SOB.
Old Article* of Agreement Destroyed at
Hi* /!<q%i**t. - , "
NEW YORK. S. V., Feb. 3.— There was
an exciting scene in the cafe of the Hotel
Bartholdi to-night in which Bob Fitzsim
.mons, Martin Julian and a friend of Al'
Smith were the central figures. . ._ - t
The upshot of the matter was the -tear?
ing up of the original articles of asree> ..
ment signed by Corbett and Fitzsimmons
on September 12 of last year. Julian de
stroyed the articles. "'*." '"' '
Al Smith, who is final stakeholder, sent
the old articles by a friend to Julian to
ask if they, as amended, were agreeable to
Aim, ana if the clause in the articles rela
tive to the payment of certain money due
sixty days prior to the contest waa satis
factory. The amendment, which -wa»
written on the articles outside this State,
reads as follows:
By mutual consent theie articles are hereby
changed to cover the contest set for March 17,
1897, to take place in the State of Nevada or
elsewnere, under tbo supervision of Daa
Stuart. Jamls J. Corbett.
Per William A. Brady.
Fitzsimmons -wishes to go on record as say
ing that he will be ready to fight Corbett at
any place and time Dan Stuart may select on
March 17, 18'J7.
[signed.] Martin Julian,
for Bob Fitjzimmons.
Julian, who was with a parly of friends
in the cafe of the hotel, read the amend
ments carefully and said that they were
perfectly satisfactory to him. The gentle
man delegated by Smith to convey the
articles to Julian placed the papers in bis
pocket and was about to leave when Fitz
simmons came in.
He asked to see the articles. They were
passed over to him and he read them.
"I don't approve of those articles at all,"
said Fitzsimmons, turning to Julian after
he had finished reading, "and I wish you
to tear them up."
Julian took the papers in his band and
tore them in pieces, while Smith's repre
sentative stood by, lookine slightly embar
rassed. He remonstrated, but it was too
late; the articles were already destroyed.
So the only thing left for him to do was
to take it good-naturedly and depart
empty-handed.
Later Smith and Julian had a confer
ence, and both said afterward that every
thing had , been arranged satisfactorily.
The articles destroyed will not affect the
coming battle in Nevada. The articles
governing the contest aro in the posses
sion of Dan Stuart. After destroying the
articles Julian eaid:
"When those articles were signed there
were five copies iv existence. Four were
destroyed ; for what reason and by whom
I do not know. I tried to secure a copy,
but up to the present time was unsuccess
ful. Fitzslmmons is under $1000 bonds
for signing articles in the State of New
York, .and says he has no desire for fur
ther trouble."
Julian will leave for Carson City on
Sunday to select training quarters for
Fitzsimmons. The latter will start for
the battleground on Wednesday.
"Bill" Edwards offered to bet $1000 to
$800 that Corbett would defeat Fitzsim
mons.
CRAIG AND fRAIK
111 WARM DEBATE
| Continued from Tirtt Foot. \
Francisco Board of Trade, were accredited
delegates of that body. He read the fol
lowing letter addressed to Captain T. H.
Barber, one of tbe pilots, ia proof of his
sensational charge:
In reply to your question I will state that
the committee, composed of George Dickey
and J. N. Knowles, appointed to confer with
tho Ship-owners' Association regarding a re
duction of pilotage, dues, charges, etc., is not
au eppointment irom the Board of Trade of
San Francisco. This board has not appointed
any committee for any such pnrpoie. Yours
respectfully, H. l. Smith, Secretary.
Craig again assumed the appearance of
being threatened with a stroke of apo
plexy, and attempted to explain the pres
ence of these gentlemen's names on tbe
San Francisco committee of commerce by
saying they represented the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association. Frank
led and landed again by asking who were
the representatives of the Board of Trade.
"X decline to answer," blurted out the
now thoroughly exasperated and confused
insurance agent. Being courteously
pressed for a civil answer to a civil ques
tion, he stated that T. J. Parsons and Mr.
Esberg of Esberg, Bachrnan & Co., repre
sented the Board of Trade, despite the
fact that the official communication from
that organization distinctly stated that no
such delegates had been appointed.
Craig lost control of his temper entire ly
at this juncture, but was recalled to a
calmer state by Chairman Cleaves of the
Senate Committee on Commerce suggest
ing that he take a Sunday off and settle
his personal differences. Craig pleaded to
be recognized as being properly before the
committee, and his prayer was granted,
more to humor him than because of any
impression made on the committee by his
representations.
Frank then argued that the present
pilotage system was no hardshipon Amer
ican shipping, and showed by authentic
statistics thai less than 5 per cent of all
tbe sailing vessels engaged in grain-carry
ing, coming ana going from San Fran
cisco, were of American register. He
claimed that any reduction mad* in pilot
age fees would only be patting that much
more money into the pockets of Ameri
can ship-owners. He ahowed also that
the principal business of vessels owned in
this State was the carrying of lumber, and
that for more loan a year past not a score
of lumber vessels had sailed from San
Francisco, while several hundred had
sailed from other coast towns.
He also demonstrated how the reduction
of pilotage charges would benefit the
foreign vessels now engaged in the coal
carrying trade between this port and
Nanaimo, B. C, to the detriment of the
American vetsels bringing coal to this port
from Seattle.
'•The present Jaw," he went on, "is
working satisfactorily, except to few dis
gruntled ship-owners. I don't impute any
bad intentions or bad faith to the gentle
man who is here advocating the new law s ,
but I do think be is an enthusiast and has
been misled. H« has got into a fight, and
U I mistake not a fight to him is as the
breath to his nostrils. I am afraid he is
being carried off his feet."
When the langhter that followed these
effectively mollifying words had subsided
he submitted the following letter, ad
dressed to one of the pilots, from a gen
tleman who, he said, had for years been
master of one of the White Star steamers
and was now Lloyd's agent at San Fran
cisco:
Being requested by you to express an opin
ion as to the merlin of tbe pilotage system and
pilou of this portl beg to say that I consider
your body a« second to none in its standing
and the service good and sufficient, and I am
■ure the pilots of San Francisco have been of
great assistance to the shipping entering this
port on many occasions.
I should be sorry to see its efficiency im
paired by any reduction in the income of the
pilots of this port, whose duties are trying
and hazardous, especially during the winter
months, and I think experience generally
shows that a service that Is poorly paid will
In time degenerate into a poor service and so
Increase the risk of entering this port, which
I take for granted is extremely undesirable.
J am, yours faithfully,
1. Metcalfe, Marine Surveyor.
When Frank concluded, Craig again
took the floor and read a petition from a
number of San Francisco shipowners in
favor of the proposed bill. He was asked
wny some of the most prominent ship
owners and largest payers of pilotage had
Dot signed the document. Hie answer was
a tirade of abuse on those who bad de
clined to let an insurance agent be tpeir
spokesman in a matter about which he
could not nave, by reason of his calling,
any practical knowledge.
Senator Gillette asked Craig what the
pilotage charges were in Boston, but
Craig was not prepared with this informa
tion. Instead be submitted the pilotage
charges of such Insignificant ports as
Pictou, Nova Scotia, Leghorn, some port
in Iceland to which a ship possibly came
twice a twelve month, and others of equal
unimportance.
It was developed, however, by inquiry
among the members of the Senate Com
mittee themselves that Boston. New York
and Philadelphia bad the same system
ami the name charges as San Francisco.
In conclusion, Frank showed that there
were over 100,000 tons of disengaged ship
ping in the harbor of San Francisco. He
cited this to prove that vessels were not
de. erred in any degree from going to that
harbor by reason of the pilotage charges.
it was now 11 p. m. and the committee,
in hopes of being able to dispose of the
bill to-night, went into executive session,
but after sitting for three-quarters of an
hour, decided to let the matter go over
until 3 p. m. to-morrow.
J£ At MOBS' VI NOB. , HILL.
Slurring Tjtinguage Used by ■ Ita Author
in Defending the Meature.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. a— Cinch
bill No. 336 was the subject of prayerful
consideration to-night by the Assembly
Committee on Public Morals, Sig. Bett
man chairman. The bills is aimed at
the industry of breeding thoroughbred
racing horses, and' is in the interest
of the breeders of standard- bred trotting
stock.
Running races have become so popular
by reason of the dash and excitement
which attend the derby and other holi
day gatherings when contrasted with the
cameness of trotting race*, which often
tause so much disappointment - when the
favorite breaks, that the trade in trotters,
ezceDt for the plow and sand-cart service,
has languished.
Mr. Emmous' bill is ostensibly, with a
diagram, designed to prevent gambling
on horse racing by allowing horses to race
in California during the summer for but
thirty days at a time in any one county.
From the first of December until the
first of March, the season of the crack
mud-runners, when crackerjack trotters
from Bakerstield are under a serious dis
advantage, no horses will 'be allowed to
run in the mud of San Francisco or Ala
meda or on the alkali but fertile plains of
Bakersneld.
Emmons wept rhetorical tean over the
vice of gambling. He argued, without
choking or laughing outright, that, the
stoppage of racing during the winter
season would prevent gambling, and pa
thetically mentioned as a fact that at the
Ingleside and Oakland racetracks twenty
Dook making firms each pay $100 per day
to the management for the privilege of
allowing sporting people to bet on their
favorites.
During; the course of his remarks, Mr.
Eramons mentioned the names of Daniel
M. Burns, Adolph Spreckels, Thomas H.
Williams and Ed Corrigan in what Chair
man Bettman considered a slurring way,
and when Mr. Emmona asked that the
committee should report favorably upon
the bill, Bettman said that the committee
would take no action until tbe gentlemen
representing tbe San Francisco and Ala
meda County racetracks had a hearing
before the committee.
Bettman was very indignant over the
matter and said to a Call reporter after
the meeting that he thought more of the
gentlemen mentioned by Mr. Emmons
than he did of the people wno favored the
bill.
OLD 'SOLDIERS RECOGNIZED.
V§Urana of the War to lie Exempt From
Tarnation. '
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Feb. 3.—Em
mons' Assembly bill 704, introduced to
day, reads as follows:
Section 1. Every person who served in the
army or navy of the United States of America
during the period from the Ist day of January
1861, to and including the Ist day of January
l»t>«, or any portion of said time, and who has
been honorably discharged from the said ser
vice, is hereby exempted from taxation upon
any and all property under the value of $2500.
Section 2 provides that where the prop
erty is a bore the value of $2500 only the
excess of bucu value shall be taxed. '
SHACKLED AFTER A
FIERCE STRUGGLE
New Hop 3's Desperate Dual
Murderer Landed in
Prison.
Thrilling Experience of Constable
McCulloch, Who Made the
Arrest.
Fight for Lifa Turned in Favor of
the Officer by the Arrival of
Two Citizens.
•
STOCKTON, Cal., Feb. 3.— Sheriff Cun
ningham ana Constable McCulloch re
turned at about 11 o'clock this forenoon
by train, bringing to the county jail Mur
derer Kleapfer, who is without doubt one
of the most desperate criminals that have
ever been in custody in this county.
The story of his capture is thrilling
enough for the most blood-curdling of
yellow-covered novels. Constable McCul
loch showed himself to be a man of
the bravest type, and it was owing to his
fearlessness and cunning combined that
Kleupfer was made a prisoner.
After the shooting the murderer walked
up to the bar of the saloon from whicn he
had been shortly before ejected and in a
tone of bravado called for a drink. Robert
Kirkland happened to be behind the bar
in that momsnt of confusion and, hastily
and nervously passing out a bottle of
whisky, he told Kleupfer that he could
have anything in the place. The assassin
took a big drink of whisky. Kirkland
does not know how much he drank, but
he was sure that it was good- measure.
The murderer then went over to his own
barrrom and reloaded his revolver.
Constable McCullough was on his way
back from Lodi while the shooting was go
ing on and he arrived at New Hope about
ten minutes afterward. By that time
Kleupfer had returned to his own barroom
and, with pistol In Hand, was waiting for
whatever might Happen. McCullough
entered the saloon, but he could not draw
his gun and very discreetly left it in bis
pocket, for Kleupfer would have killed
him the moment he entered the place had
he made any show of fighC
For nearly two hours Kleupfer com
pelled the Constable at the point of a pis
t«l to tend bar. At the expiration of that
time Kleupfer and McCullough found
themselves sitting beside each other, about
four or rive feet apart.
Kleupler was next to the bar and the
constable was sitting to his left. Kleupfer
held nis pistol in his left hand, pointing
it at the officer. Nothing was said and
both men were motionless. For a mo
ment Kleupfer took his eyes off the offi
cer and they seemed to droop. It was the
first reiaxaiion he had had for over an
hour. It was just momentary, but long
enough. In an instant ne reeled from the
chair, muttering '•You've got me."
The constable had snatched his own
pistol with his right band from the front
leftside of bis trousers, and, swinging his
right arm from him, struck the murderer
a stunning blow just above the ayes.
A big gash was cut and one of the eyes
was badly discolored and lacerated.
Kleupfer was dazed, but only for an in
stant. He made a desperate effort to re
gain his feet, fumbling in the meantime
witn his revolver. But the officer, al
though a pretty old man, was agile and
dextrous, and Kleupfer no sooner reeled
from his chair than the officer was upon
him, the two struggling for their lives on
the floor.
Just then two of the townspeople.named
A. W. Fitzgerald and Walter Rutherford,
came to the porch of the saloon, and see
ing the murderer and the officer strug
gling inside rushed to the Constable's as
sistance.
Others also hastened to the scene, and
soon Kleupfer was overpowered. He
fought to the last with all his mignt ana
main, not giving in while any strength
was left him, and not being a bit affected
by the hopelessness of his struggle.
After he was handcuffed he stilJ fought,
and when Sheriff Cunningham and
Deputy Wall arrived three men were
exerting their full strength to hold him
down. If he had broken away he might
have done deadly wort by striking right
and left with the handcuffs.
After his arrest the murderer said he
intended also to kill his two partners in
business, Louis Landecker, a Bavarian
ana Cerf Coblentz, a Frenchman. The
latter went to San Francisco yesterday,
and tbe former hid when he heard what
Kleupfer had done.
JTOJIJDAA'S I*l. t. A i'oj. SJTAXJFOSI).
Why the University Should He Exempted
From Taxation.
SACRAMENTO, Cai*. Feb. 3.— Senator
Voorheis is in receipt of a forcible argu
ment from Professor David S. Jordan of
the Stanford University on the subject of
exempting that institution of learning
from taxation. It will be utilized on the
first opportunity by the recipient. The
communication, which is a model of terse
ness, logic and philosophy, is as follows:
The basis on which the Stanford University
asks exemption from- taxation is that under
the law it is a public school and under the
constitution it ought not to be taxed ■
Stanford University is founded under an act
of the Legislature which provides that its en
dowment funds shall only be used for public
education. The act prohibits sectarian teach
ing, and provides that the Institution shall be
open to all alike and as nearly as may be free
of cum* go.
The act further provides that if the trusts.
shall not faithfully manage the trust the si"
shall take direct possession of the iustUutioa
and manage it as a State university. Its prop-
II"?? are thus held in trust for State purposes
By its foundation It is a public scnoofand
comes within, the clause of the constitution
referring to the establishment of technical
schools. The position of its board of trusees
?h«i?^"h PU .K UC f Corporßtlon is '""herem
phasized by the fact that under the grant of
endowment the Individual trustees are re
movable by a State court of equity, and they
are required to file annually with the Gover
"°onrforth S eVe ar. Btatement ° f tbeir «—
These facts take the Stanford University out
of n the category ot v private institutions and
range it alongside the BUte University the es
sential difference being that it has i,ot and
should not ask appropriation's from the State
- The question of taxing private institutions
and denomination^ schools Is another Ueß
tion. As to this I need : only say that Cavort
nlais the only State that taxes college* .No
community has ever suffered from the excel
lence of its schools, and every dollar the col
leges spend in the State helps its development
more than a hundred dollars spent lath*
course of business. ° » n the
Allegr* Grot a Cnrrleasnett
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 3.— William
West has brousht suit for $3000 damages
against Rice Brothers lor alleged carele**
ness in furnishing gasolr matead of kero
sene resulting in a lamp exploding and
borning his »ix-year-oid daughter Sf.B to
make her a cripple.
Weak as a Mouse! L
Is that the truth about /
— especially early in \
the morning and after a . /
little excitement ? If it
is, what makes you play
the fool when you might
act the man ? Let the •
blood have a chance to
go bounding through your
veins once more and
you'll find that full joy
will come again. Write
and get free circulars all
about
H
U
D
Y
: A" : v
N r
The great remedio-treat-
ment, which the famous
doctors of the great Hud-
son Medical Institute at
the corner of Ellis, Stock-
ton and Market streets
have discovered, is a cer^
tain, a safe and a perma-
nent cure for all your
ills. Don't be ashamed
to see your fellow-man
and your friends of the
weaker sex. " Hudyan "
makes strong, virile men.
It v makes no difference '
how weak, weary or worn
you may be, it will put
you on your feet again
and make you
Strong as a Lion !
1 JIJQ -^k
WEEKLY *
CELL
.01 It Publishes the Cream of the
©/ News of the Week and
°< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
JL ORIGINAL FEATURES.
3 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE ;
DC PACIFIC COAST
5 Always Republican, but Always
■*i Fair and Impartial in Its
°\ Rendering of the Po-
©< Htical News.
2 It's the Pap«»r to Send East It
J You Want to Advertise -
7) California.
3\ / :
J The Best \ /Mining
2' Telegraphic \S News That
°> Service on /\ Is Accurate .
°\ The Coast S \& up to data
g / \
°\ . Not a Line of it Sensational •
©< • or Faky, and Not a Line of '
01 it Dry or Uninteresting. ,
d A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY nßEslofci
_J A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE. A
Oi
» :
C\ Bright, Clean, A Champion of
1 Thoughtful. Truth.
oi
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
D ' ALL THE TIME. . •
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
•D HOME MAIL, $1.50
=K INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
2 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR AU
g^W^jDR. HALL'S RELIVIGORATOR
gaf'lSlJa iXT * hundred reward for »ny cue w j
U^ « a °not euro. THIS SECRET KEil-
1. Ml BuY BALL'S losses In 24 hoar*
Fire hundred reward »or toy cue wj
cannot cure. THIa SECRET REM-
kuy stops ail losses In 24 boon,
M titSfS co res EmUslona, lmpotency, V«rloo-
Whl RiHI ? *' Gooorrlioea. Uiees. Fits, «tri>
ISSa lftfel tures. Blood Disease »nd all wastlai '
|.v^l jKjj effects of Self Abuse or Kxoess«».
Ett*Wß^«g Heu: Healed. $2 per bottle. TURKJ*
«UTILES, f6; gnarantaed to cure »ny casa.
UK BALL'S MEDICAL IN3TITUIK
All tin." 66 Broadway. Oakland. Cat
treTbJot <UaeMes anicKiy curt*. Mai for
piDEWEY&CO.^
11 3
MARKET S.T.S.FX2r;
NOTARY PUBLIC, l
riHARLES H. PHILLIPS. ATToaNKY- AT. 9
y Law and Notary Public. 6SB Market et., 0000./
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 162a/
»J street. Telephone "Pine" -2591. " . T 5
iJ^'i'J v^pJrflly TiiJililiiilliHEAVY LOSSES IN
SALT LAKE'S FIRE
Destruction of a Building
and Stock Valued at
$200,000
Firemen Rescue a Woman From
the Roof of the Burning
Structure.
Pasi d a Ha!t Hour Above the Flames
B fore Tb<y Con d Reach Her
Wth Ladders.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 3.-The fire
that br.ke out last night in the tScott-
Auerhach building was completely sub
dued by 5 o'clock this morning, but the
buiidiiig is rained. M:ss A. C. Smith, wbn
occupied a room on the :ourth tl lor, had a
turillin adventure. The smoke and
flames on the floors below were so dense
that she could not descend, but made her
way to the roof, where her shrill cries at
tracted the attention of the firemen. It
•was nearly half an hour before she could
.be reached by ladders, and in the mean
titfie;she became frantic and came near
f :mping to the parapet ben ath. She was
ft ally rescued by ihe firemen and reached
-ireet ia an unconscious condition.
Henry Wagner wa* severely injured by
a faJfihg skylight. Electrician Vail of the
Ffre Department is in the hospital, terri
bly burned trom contact with lire electric
but he will recover. It has been as
certained.that all succeeded in getting out
o: the buiUiin;:, and the fea r s tbat some
wore. ererr.ated are groundless.
' T.heloss will reach $200,000. and the in
surance focts up to only $1:25,000. The lost
iaHs th;e most heavily on the owners of
!.he. builfiinc. the insurance being mostly
on the stock carried by the Calloway
: Hqock. Company. Georee M. Scott <fc Lo.
aid the Parsons Der-*e Book Company.
CAPTURE OF SUM BIRCH.
T \N::or/eus Alaskan Desperado Taken
•'• .: ifter Killing One Officer and
'. Wounding Two Others.
• ; FORT TOWNSI.ND, Wash., Feb. 3 —
• ■J-jH'tri ■ irci>, one of Alaska's most notorious
: desperadoes, »no escaped from jail at
Juneau a .month ago on the eve of his
■ transportation 10 San Quentin prison in
Caltlornia to serve a three-year term under
• sentence on a charge of mayhem, has been
recaptured, but this undertaking cost
■Alaska the life of one of her bravest and
best known officers and entailed the seri
ous bounding of two others who partici
pated in the bloody pitched battle that
•followed the meeting of pursuers and pur
sued. ' •
Oh the night before the Al-Ki sailed on
her trip previous to this one three masked
men cailed at the jail in Juneau where
Birch was confined and forced the jailer
not only to unlock Birch's cell but to go
- in and oe locked up himself.
Since the sensational jail delivery an
I bine c the search has been kept up with
-1 -eminent search has bet-u kept up with
out results until the middle of last week,
when- the prisoner and his three com-
panions were reported by an Indian to be
occupying a cabin on a small island thirty
miles, irom Juneau. A posse was at once
■•formed, headed by Marshal Hale and in
cluding Deputy 'William Watts, Jailer
'' Lndquist and an Indian policeman, who
-' went to the island in a steam launch.
•. The laborious trip over the roughest
kind of country covered with snow and .
fee brought the party to the cabin. Watts
. went to -.the door and demanded admit
tance. ' The reply was four ride bails, two
of which pierced the unfortunate man,
who reeled down behind two logs for pro
tection. While lying there he was shot
.•gain by two of the outlaws, who in the
, excitement were allowed to escape from
the cabin to a rocky eminence near by, j
from which they poured a leaden shower 1
en the beads of the officers.
• The fusillade continued five minutes,
when, the posse broke and ran for the
. launch, three miles distant, returning
post haste to Juneau and leaving poor
Watts at the mercy oi the desperadoes
.and 'severe weather, from the effects of
wbicij, iater developments showed, the
: brave fellow died.
Next day a second party left Juneau,*
•but returned the following morning
*B>pty-iianded and frost-bitten. A gen
eral man hunt was then inaugurated, par
ticipated in by the people of Juneau,
£itk\a and the neighboring canneries. To
two big fellows employed in a cannery,
named Olson and Cheney, belong the
credit and reward, $500, for making the
capture.
•' • Alter the killing the desperadoes sepa
rated". Slim and a man named Shell, who
robbed the Tread well mill some years
ago. going together to the upper end of
the island, where they sought re«t and
.food at an Indian cabin, and later making
their way to a narrow gully where both
went asleep, each with a revolver in hand
ready for use on a moment's notice. To
this retreat O.son and Cheney tracked
'them, effecting the capture in a novel
.mariner.
." First assuring themselves that both men
a^irep the cannery nun climbed by
\^ roundabout trail to a point twelve feet
'^above and then jumped bodily on to the
Ble<>pinjr murderers, wno were manacled
"before they had recovered from their sur
prise at the human avalanche which
struck them. The men were relieved of
tbe weapons with which they were armed
and hurried over to the United States
Kramer Pinta, upon which they were
taken •■ to Sitka, fear* of a lynching bee
prompting < be oflicera not to attempt to
re; urn to Juneau.
°" When the Al-Ki left the excitement was
at a lujjh pitch, and it is very probable
that both men have bern hanged ere this.
W atjts, the murdered man, was looked
upon as the bravest marshal in the Terri
tory. Marshal Hale was shot through the
■chest and may die. Guard Bays escaped
with. severe flesh wounds.
SASTA. CLAKa C'UVJVTT TjVBBS.
*.'o >' felt ft Jfudoment in twU» Brought by
Juntice Harrington.
°SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 3.— Tne Board of
Supervisors- to-day instructed the District
Attorney to confess judgment in the nine
suits brought against the county by Jus
tice I. Herrin^ton for $1158 fees in crim
inal cases from May, 1895, to April, 1896.
• "When the new fee bill went into effect
in 1&95, limiting a Justice's earnings. Jus
tice Herringtou ignored it entirely and
put-in his bills unaer the old county gov
ernment act. The county refused to pay
and suits were subsequently'brought. The
abandoning of the suits by the county is
/hie to the recent decision by tbe Supreme
ICourt, in the case ol Dwyer vs. Parker, de
claring the new fee bill unconstitutional.
■ . m ■ — •
< OST OF J-i t.ltl.\d I'll ISO* KRS
'Sheriff Lyndon Ai/cm That Bin Allow
, ance fie Jnerenned.
SAM JOSE, Cal., Feb. 3— Sheriff Lyn
do/i a>fced the Board of Supervisors to-day
to increase his allowance for feeding pris
oriera 6 cents per man per day. . The pres
ent allowance is 15 centa for confined
prisoners who do not work, 20 cents for
those who work at the pu-nip in the jail
yard and 25 oents for those who do road
work, the latter getting three meals and
the former two classes two meals a day.
Sheriff Lyndon stated he was losing
money on feedine prisoner. The board
discussed the matter but took no action.
Spnrttmm Offer an Vbjtetion.
SAN JUSE, Cal., Feb. 3.— Liocal pports
men object to the passage of the Assembly
bill extending the close season for fishing
from April 1 to May 1. and will circulate
petitions protesting against it. Efforts
will be made to have the measure amended
so as not to apply to Sania Clara County.
If the season is extended to May 1 tisning
in thi3 county wi;l be ruined, :ts by that
time the water is too low in the streams
■or the fish to live »n and they pass down
to the bay.
Murdrrrr Gmbitlla btntrncrd.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Feb. 3.— Rooina Gra
biella, who killed Vicenzo Esebello on
November 26 last, was to-uay sentenced to
San Q'.ientin for life by Judg« Lorigan.
Esebello and Grabiella quarreled while re
turning from a visit to a friend's house near
the racetrack, and in the fi-ht that fol
lowed Grabiella cut Eseb<llo's throat with
a razor. Grabieila's pica was self-defense.
Grabiella will be taken 10 San Quentin on
Friday.
Mourning at Mountain BwM,
.SANTA ROSA. Cal., Feb. 3.- Mrs.
Emma Parting died yesterday at Moun
tain Grove at the age of 76. She iiad been
an invalid for some time and had resided
at Mountain Grove for ten years past.
Mrs. Parting was the widow of a rich
English merchant and was tierself pos
sessed of considerable wealth. She was
an estimable woman, known for tier
charitable nature, ana her demise has
caused deep regret. Two daughters sur
vive her.
BORDER LAW IN RANDS BURG.
Miners Resolve to Deal Summar'/y With
Any Han Who Attemp's io " Jump "
a Ciaim.
LOS AXGELES, Cat,., Feb. 3. — The
miners of Randsburg, as will be seen by
the following resolutions, do not propose
to tolerate the predatory ciaim-jumper
any longer. At a largely attended meet
ing of the ieading men of that camp dec
larations which have no uncertain ring
were promulgated. The main points in
tbe resolutions are:
That the miner* and mine-owners of the
Rand mining district hereby give notice that i
they are no rt-!-pecter of persons and believe
In law and order, recognizing the ritjhi of
every individual to acquire and hold properly ]
under the laws of the United States and our
local laws, be he rich or be he poor.
That we will not tolerate malicious claim
jumpers in our camp, especially those who ■
Doast that tiiey^ill not prospect but go upon ■
the properly of the poor and honest prospector [
and mane location*, as he has not the means I
tolitignte against the wealth of the principals, |
who send these willing tools out to do their |
bidding and rob the honest prospector.
That w ■•. request those who knowingly and
maliciously nave gone upon the valid loca
tions of others, well knowing that the loca
tions were valid, and attempted to make to- '
cations, that they remove their stakes and i
monv.menis and execute an abandonment oi ;j
such attempted location.
That we extend a hearty welcome to law
abiding citizens to come among us, assuring
them that_we appreciate their honest efforts, j
but we give timely notice to me ciaim-jumpers ;
who maliciously go upon the property of {
others, as well as to the principals who send
"lit these willing tools, that we will not per
mit our titles to be clouded by them or dis
credit brought to our camp through their ma
licious acts.
SANTA CRUZ ELOPEMENT.
Objecting Parent Cleverly Outwitted by a
Seventeen-Year-Old Girl and
•Her Lover.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Feb. 3. —John
Olveria and Rosa Gracia were quietly mar
ried this morning by Justice Gardner.
While outwardly all appeared serene and
commonplace enough, subsequent devel
opments reveal quite a romance in the
background.
Rosa and her mother were at a Beach
Hill residence, where the former worKed,
when Olveria put in an appearance, hav
ing come from Watson ville. While he
engaged the old lady in conversation,
Rosa quietly escaped through a rear door.
The couple met and after visiting the
Justice were driven to Capitola, where
they took a train lor Wat«onville. .
This evening the parents learned the 1
details of the elopement and are very
angry. They assert that the girl is but 17
years old and declare they will bring her
back to Santa Cruz The bride is a sister
of tbe girl who ii is claimed recently com
pelled Jose Moniz to marry her because
Moniz had said he had money.
•
Louis jAuai* AT J*ORTZA2iJ>.
Score* a Succe** in the Comedy ** My
1 -r<l and home Ladies."
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 3.— Louis James
produced for the first time in
Portland the brilliant comedy, "My Lord
and Some Ladies," an adaptation irom
the French of Scribe. . The play was a
great success and one of the most delight
ful comedies ever seen here. Mr. James
scored tremendously as Lord ing
broke. He has renewed his greatest
comedy successes in this characterization,
and it will prove one of the most popular
bills in his repertory. The honors of the
evening were snared, by Miss Alma Kru
whose Queen Anne is a delicious bit of
character comedy work. They leave to
morrow morning lor San Francisco, where
they play a two weeks' engagement at the
Baldwin Theater, commencing Febru
ary S.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1897.
STANFORD'S BEST
ORATORS MATCHED
Debaters in the Preliminary
Carnot Contest Given
Positions.
Will Discuss the Effects of Cen
tralization ot French
Education.
Successful Candidates to Try Con
clusions With Berkeley's E o
quent Men.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oal., Feb.
3. — The debaters in the preliminary Car
not contest were assigned sides to-day oy
lot. They are supposed to have prepared
a discussion on either side of the question,
"Is Centralization of French Education
Conducive to Best Social Results?" The
debate will be held next Friday evening.
Professors Nathan Abbott of the law
STANFORD'S DEBATING TEAM.
Miss Stcbbins and Messrs. Morgan and Switzer Have Been Chosen
to Represent the Palo Alto University in the Oratorical
Contest With Eerkeley. Morgan Is a Candidate for a Place
on the Carnot Medal Team Also.
department. H. R. Faircloagh of the
Latin department and B. C. Brown of the*
drawing and painting department will
j act as the judges and Professor Karl
Barnes will preside.
S. W. Cuarles, C. M. Bradley and A. B.
1 Morgan will support the affirmative side
I of the question; E. E Painter, H. W.
Grunsby and Mrs. Margaret Hood will
argue on the negative side. At the con
clusion of the debate the judges will
choose three of the speaker* to represent
i Stanford in the annual Carnot debate
j with Berkeley. This will be held on the
; campus February 12.
iroKK J-OH 188 XBBI>Y.
Lot Angela' Mayor Appeal* in Behalf j
of thr Unemployed,
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 3.— Mayor ]
Snyder seems determined to redeem his
ante-election pledges to all he could to
ameliorate the hard lot or the poor and
needy of the city. He sent a message to
the City Council yesterday, which, in part,
was as 'follows:
The question of providing work for the un
empio>ed of the city is becoming • serious
one. It is a question thai appeals to the hearts
of all and which should, in my opinion,
receive early and serious consideration at
your hands. While the percentage of unem
ployed in Los Angeles is very small, as com
pared with other coast and Eastern cities, yet
there is destitution enough to make It abso
lutely necessary that we act In this matter and
as early ms possible.
I see no reason why the streets in the busi
ness portion of the city should not be swept by
hand, thus giving employment to a larger
number ot men than are now in the street
sweeping service. The cost of the work would
probably be not much more than under the
present system. The streets of many of the
large Eastern cities are swept by hand. This
system hat been found to be economical and
very satisfactory, and, besides, gives employ
ment to many men. I sincerely trust that
your honorable body will take* steps at once
in this matter of street sweeping, and tha: you
will see to it that only married men, deserv
ing and industrious, are employed.
Tbe voting of bonds for improving our park
system Is a question which presents itself
most seriously to us at this time when so many
are seeking employment. If bonds were voted
for this purpose, the serious problem now con
fronting us would be solved to a considerable
extent. - .
BAy /.I.'/, ItECISIOIf.
Mrs. Jltar't «T Pierce Become* the Owner
of a Piece of Valunbte Property.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Feb. .3.— An im
portant decision has been handed down by
Superior Judge F. SI. Angellotti'of Mann
County, by which Mrs. Mary J. Pierce
becomes the 'owner of one of the finest
ranches in California, known as the Pierce
ranch, and containing 2500 acres of land.
The case of Jewell et al versus Pierce et al,
in which the decision was rendered, con
tained interesting legal complications, and
eminent counsel was employed to conduct
the proceedings.
Abram Pierce, when he died, was sur
vived by a widow and by William S.
Pierce, a son by a former marriage. He
owned at tliat lime one-half of the ranch
which he bequeathed to his widow, the
other half being owned by his motner,
Sarah C. Pierce. William S. Pierce suc
ceeded to the property of his grandmother,
Sarah C. Pierce, on her death. When
WlUiam G. Pierce died at Petalurna a
year ago Mrs. Mary J, Pierce, his step
mother, succeeded to the property under
his will. Thus Mrs. Pierce has co'aie into
full possession of the great ranch. She is
at present in Australia, whither she was
compelled to go on account of her health,
and does not know of the decision which
places her in possession of the big ranch.
LOS ANGELES CHARITY ASTRAY.
Chief of Police Glass Dec/ares That the
Good Samaritan Hospital Is
an Evil.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Feb. 3.—Accord
ing to the views expressed by Chief Glass
at a meeting of the Police Commissioners
of thus city yesterday, the Good Samari
tan Hospital, conducted by Captain Fra
zier, and over which some of the Jocal
newspapers have employed so much ink
of late, Is a veiled and disguised evil. Re
•pecting this philanthropic institution
Chief Glass said:
"Gentlemen. I recognize the humane
idea of the manager of the institution anl
the fact that he believes he is doing what
is best, but to mind it is a mighty bad
thine for the city. It is advertised ail
over the land to the beggars, toughs and
tramps that they can get a meal and bath
there for 5 cents, and the result is an in
flux of a most undesirable element to our
already large quota of unemployed. We
never liad so many beegars in tn'is city as
have now. If it could be arranged to help
only our own resident poor, who deserve
•and should receive help, it would be an
other matter, but as it is the Samaritan
institution is a bid thing for Los An eles."
General Forman emphasized the Chief's
ideas, fully concurring, and remarked
that the public was misplacing much of
it* sympatoy ior such cause?, especially
where unemployed were shouting for $2 a
day if they worked for the city. Mayor
Snvder agreed with General Forman, as
did Commissioner AlcLain. The latter
complained that from a half dozen to ten
beggars came to his bouse each morning
from the institute. If they could beg 10
or 25 cents that fixed them for a couple of
days at the institute.
FRESNO JURORS DISAGREE.
Unable to Decide Whether or Mot Sanders
Forged the Name of William
Wootton.
FRESNO, Cal.. Feb. 3.— The case of the
people against Professor W. A. Sanders,
charged with forgine William Wootton 's
name to a $1400 draft, was submitted to
the jury without argument this forenoon.
The jury is still out and it is almost cer
tain that it wiii not agree.
It is reported that it stands eight for
conviction and four for Acquittal. The
inability of the jury to reach an agree
ment is commented on generally as a sur
prise. Few people believe in the inno
cence of Sanders. The prosecution Is now
very sorry that it did not argue the case.
"But we thought that the facts were so
plain," said Attorney Hinds to a Call
correspondent, "that the jury would
not think of any doubt as* to the
defendant's guilt. District Attorney Snow
and I were convinced that the twelve
men would see tne case in our light, and
we therefore were willing to submit with
out argument "
The attorney then went on to express
the opinion tnat the jury system was »
arce anyway. The jury retired until
morning after reporting this evening to
the court that there was little prospect 01
agreeing.
This was the third trial of Sanders. In
the rim the jury disagreed, but in the sec
ond it convicted him. The District Attor
ney has several other charges of forgery to
prefer against :he man who is suspected
of having murdered William Wootton,
and Sanders will in all likelihood De kepi
behind the bars for the remainder of his
days.
Xetespnp'r Change* Hand*.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Feb. 3. —The
Herald to-day changed hands, Abbott
Kinney tnk ng control. W. A. Snaulding
was made general manager. Kinney is
a capitalist, a successful business man,
and of high schomriy at:alnments. The
paper remains Democratic. The direc
torate includes Abbott X iney, Judge
Popp, John F. Fraucks, W. a. Spaulding,
T. E. Gibbon, C. A. Sumner and Frank
GiLson.
CONGRESSIONAL
PROCEEDINGS
Senator Thurston Discusses
the Question of Fore
closure.
Vilas Makes a Long Argument
in Opposition to the Nica
ragua Canal Bill.
By Concurrent Resolution Wednesday
Next Is Set for Counting the
Presidential Vote.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 3.— ln the
Senate to-uay an enormous floral struc
ture, on which the word "Honor"' was
marked, stood upon the desK of Dubois
I K. ) of Idaho, who had just returned
froDi his unsuccessful campaign for re
election, and who was warmly welcomed
back by Senators of ali parties.
A bill permitting Major-General Alex
McCook and Captain Georee Schnver,
U. S. A., to accept medals from the Rus
sian Government was passed.
The resolution heretofore offered by
Allen (P.) o i ♦Nebraska looking to the de
lay or prevention of the judicial sale ol
the property of the Union Pacific .Rail
way Company was taken up, and Tnurs
ton (R.) of Nebraska aadre-sed the Senate
on the subject. He quoted decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States
to the effect that the Thurman act applied
only to those portions of the Union and
Central Pacific roads on which guarantee
bonds had been issued.
The Government of the United States
bad never issued guarantee bonds on the
Kansas Pacific or on the Denver Pacific,
wlio-c united lines extended from Kansas
City tv Cheyenne, and therefore, in deal
ing with the present situation there was
but one corporate entity (the Union Pa
cific), while there were three separate and
distinct legal entities. In regard to the
Omaha bridge and its approacbes, a new
act of Congress had authorized tbe Union
Pacific Company to issue $2,500,000 in
bonds for that purpose. Tne bridge had
cost about that sum, but a new doable
track bridge costing about $1,000,000 had
lx>en built nine or ten years ago. These
bridge bonds had been paid from time to
time, until now only about $1,000,000 of
tiiem was due. It therefore happened
that the Omaha bridge and all the ap
proaches on the east side of the Missouri
River were not covered by any Govern
ment lien, and all the terminals, all the
sidetracks and all tbe bridges were cov
ered by the iirst-mortgage bor.ds of the
company. The Jien of the Government,
Mr. Thurston asserted, was subordinate
to tbe lien of the first mortgage, which
had the right of foreclosure and tbe right
to take possession of the property.
He had no doubt that the United States
could supplement its lien by subrogating
itself for the mortgage, but that was to be
looked at from a business point of view.
The offer made to tbe Government, Mr.
Thurston said, would amount to some 56
or ">7 per cent ol its entire claim and the
question was whether it would not be bet
ter to accept than offer to pay $36,000,000
for 1032 miles of railroad in ordtr to go
into the railroad business.
Morgan (D.) of Alabama asked Thurs
ton whetber be held that the executive
branch of the Government had the right
to make any bargain or agreement such
as had been suggested.
Tburston said he made no such claim.
He had serious doubts whether Con
gre*s could create a new Federal cor
poration to operate the Union Pacific
railroad. When tbe original incorpora
tion was made the roa.i was run through
the Territories of the United States. Now
all those Territories were sovereign States,
rind in them, at least, there were consti
tutional prohibitions against the owner
snip of land or the operation of railroads
by any other than a domestic corporation.
In the discussion of the question of fore
closure suits be was asked by Allen (Pop.)
of Nebraska whether the Attorney-Gen
eral had a riant, by virtue of his office and
without any authority from Congress, to
bind the Government by putting in an ap
pearance in these foreclosure suits.
The reply of Thurston was that the
right of the Attorney-General to appear
in anr suit in which the Government bad
an interest was absolutely beyond ques
tion, irrespective of any of the legislation
on tbe subject. He added that the Gov
ernment could be brought into court by
order of the court, and that that had been
done in these foreclosure suits. He ad
mitted that Congress might take jurisdic
tion over these suits from the Circuit
Court, but what a wanton, unauthorized,
despotic use of power that would be. Now,
when the uttermost rights of the Govern
ment were in possession of its own courts,
who was it, or what business interests was
it, that said. "No, no; bring this back into
Congress. Make it once more a theme of
political agitation, as it has been for tne
pa*t twenty years?"
Thurston was still speaking when tbe
morning hour expired (at 2 o'clock), and
the unftnished business — the Nicaragua
catial bill — was laid before the Senate.
Notice was given by Lodge (R.) of Mas
sachusetts that he would ask action to
morrow oi: the conference report to the
immieration bill.
Under the rules the Allen resolutions
would have gone to the calendar, but Al
len asked that they remain on the table.
It was well understood, he said, that no
other business but appropriation bills
would be transacted this session. The
bankruptcy bill was in the last stages of
consumption, and the Nicaragua canal
bill was about ready to be nailed up and
put in itscotfni.
Allen's request met with no objection,
and the resolutions remain on the Vice-
President's table.
Gear (R.) of lowa, chairman of the Pa
cific Railroads Committee, cave notice
that as soon as the Nicaragua canal bill
and the bankruptcy bill were disposed of
he would ask the Senate to consider the
biil for a settlement of the Pacific rail
roads indebtedness.
The consideration of the Nicaraguan
canal bill was then proceeded with.
Morgan (D.) of Alabama, in charge of
tbe bill, accepted with some slight modifi
cations the amendment offered yesterday
by Teller (R.) of Colorado, providing that
no bonds should be guaranteed until after
a survey was made and a complete plan
was accepted by the President and that no
liability should be assumed by the Gov
ernment if the co«t of the canal should
appear to exceed $150,000,000.
Vilas(D.)of "Wisconsin resumed his ar
gument against the bill. In the course of
an hour and a half there were three calls
of the Semite in ord^r to compel Senators
to hear the areu men t. but just as soon and
as often us a quorum was obtained it laded
away again.
Vilas. however, went on with his speech.
In the course of it he was reminded by
Morgan t..at the Nicaragua canal project
had been indorsed by s veral Democratic
National conventions. This fact was
brusbed aside contemptuously by Vilas,
as "an idle expression introduced into a
party platform," and he said that a simi
[ lar indorsement iiati been put in Kepub>
lican platforms. Most probably the agents
of the company had been working upon
the resolutions committee of the conven
tions; but siich declarations were utterly
without binding force upon anybody.
"Tnen lam glad, 1 ' Morgan remarked,
'that! never was a member of a National
convention; but I still hope that I would
come out of it au honest man."
Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts put a ques
tion to Vilas as to whether Presidential
nominations in political conventions were
effected in a similar manner.
"Never, 10 my knowledge," Vilas re
plied. "Candidates are sometimes nom
inated under excitement, but in no con
vention that I ever attended was any can
didate nominated whom I did not cor
dially support and favor." After a pause
he added, "Except one."
Alter two or three calls of the Senate,
each disclosing the presence of a quorum
the presiding officer laid before the Senate
the House concurrent resolution for tha
counting of the Presidential vote on
Wednesday next, and it was agreed to.
Subsequently Turpie (D.) of Indiana
took exception to the wording of the con
current resolution, which is that the per
son receiving the highest number of votes
shall he "declared president," while the
constitution, he said, read he should "be"
President; but Mr. Hoar explained that
that point bad been made eight years a^'O
by Senator Edmunds of Vermont and had
been overruled.
Turpie did not press his objection.
Vilas then went on with his speech, in
which he treated at considerable length
and with much detail the provisions of
the Clay ton-Bulwer treaty and how they
affected the question of an isthmian canal,
and discussed various other historical in
cidents having a bearing on the same
Question.
After another half hour a motion to ad
journ was made by Daniel (D.) of Vir
ginia and was defeated — ayes 17, noes 24.
As the vote indicated the absence of a
quorum — several Senators who were pres
ent being paired — the roll was anain
called and forty-one Senators responded —
still four less than a quornm. The usual
motion directing the serjeant-at-arms to
request the attendance of sbsent BenntOrs
was made by Aldrich (R.) of Rhode
Island and agreed to, and pending its
execution all business of the Senate came
to a standstill.
After a short wait Aldrich said it was
very evident that a quornm could not be
pqt to-night, and then at 5:20 o'clock the
Senate adjourned until to-morrow.
SWAXSOS Sl.AIl.If JA TBE BOUSE.
A. Confuted .Election Cast That Occupies
a Day* Station.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 3— The
discussion of the contested election casa
ot George W. Cornett vs. Claude A. Swan
son, from the Fifth District of Virginia, oc
cupied nearly the whole of to-day's
session of the House, and by an over
whelming vote Swanson's title to the seat
was confirmed by the House. The case
cam 3 from the Committee on Elections
No. 3, which reported in favor of Swan
son. Three Republicans, half the ma
[ jority membership, however, recom
- mended that the seat be declared vacant
\ on the ground that the Walton law, un
der which the election was held, was un
constitutional, and that therefore there
was no valid election. This view was advo
cated by Thomas (R.) of Michigan and an
tagonized by Daniels (D.)of Virginia) and
McCall (R.) of Massachusetts. The dis
cussion was enlivened by a short speech
by Gibson (R.) of Tennessee, who re- I
sented the remark made by JlcCail last
week, in the consideration of the Yost-
Tucket case, that Southern Republicans
hud been "coddled to their destruction,"
and that they needed more robust treat
ment.
Thomas was unable to get an aye and
no vote on tbe question, only 21 second
ing his demand for such a vote and 127
being against it.
INTERNATIONAL BANKING.
Remarks on a Legislative Bill Shew
There Is Not an American Bank
in South America.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 3.-Repre
sentative Brosius (R.) of Pennsylvania
to-day addressed tbe House Banking Com
mittee on the bill providing for interna
tional banking. He said that the purpose
of tbe measure was to carry into effect the
recommendations of the international con
jerence ol 18S9, by the incorporation of an
international American bank. The resolu
tion of the miernational conference was
in these words:
Resolved, Tnat the conference recommends
to the governments here represented th«
grr.niing of liberal concessions to facilitate
international American banking, and es
pecially such as may be necessary for the es
tablishment of nn international" American
bank, with branches or agencies in the sev
eral countries represented in this conference.
Mr. Brosius in the course of his remarks
said: "The people of the United States, in
common with those ot the Central and
South American republics, feel the neces
sity of increasing commercial intercourse
between the different portions of the
American continent, and they believe the
development of such intercourse has been
retarded by the lack of adequate facilities
for exchange between the several coun
tries, and their hope for a revival in trade
is based in part upon the establishment
of improved banking facilities, which
will emancipate these growing countries
from i heir servitude to the bankers of
London and the continent of Europe. We
do $150,000,000 worth of business with
South America in a year, and yet our bal
ances nave to be settled through English
or European banking-houses. In the
great trade centers of South America, the
English, German, French and Italians
have their banks, and 1 think I am right
in saying there is not an American bank
in all South America. Manifestly this is
a serious hindrance to our trade.
"I am advised by a New York house
which has been doinf business wita South
America for twenty - seven years that
nearly all their transactions were carried
on through credits on London. The reason
is obvious. No matter how good my cus
tomer is in South America, it is not pos
sible for me to negotiate on him at any
reasonable rate of exchange. Our people
nave no means of ascertaining nis stand
in? and credit, and hence a draft on him
must go begging in the United States."
TME PACIFI lIAILROADa.
CongreaMtneu Do >ot Ink* Kindly to the
Commission Scheme.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 3.—Chair
man Powers of the Pacific Railroads Com
mittee of the House said to-night that he
thought his committee would azree upon
a bill to report to the House. He thought
this agreement might be reached by to
morrow, when the committee will hold a
meeting. The Harrison and the Hubbard
bills are the ones before the committee.
Mr. Powers and a majority of the members
of the committee are opposed to the plan
of Representative Hnboard, which pro
vides for a commission of thirteen, each to
receive $10,000 as compensation for ser
vices. This com mis-ion is to have full
power to settle tne indebtedness of all the
Government bond aided railroads.
The commission is specifically instructed
to ascertain whether the lease of the Cen
tral Pacific to the Southern Pacific is a
monopoly, burdensome to the people of
the Pacific Coast, If the commission de
termines that this iv the case it is in
structed to break the lease and prevent its
re-establishment.
Chairman Powers this morning said
that he was aware that the commission
would have no power to deal with the set
tlement ot the case of the Union Pacific,
on which the Government has already or
dered foreclosure, but it would apply to
other Government aided roads. He is de
termined to push whatever bill is reported
by the committee. He docs not know
whether action can be had in the House,
but thinks he can bring this about.
Representative Hubbard is oprosed to
a Cabinet commisMon. and unless he can
get through his bill for what he terms a
non-partisan comanasion he will fight any
new bill reported by the committee. He
does not believe that a bill of any kind can
be put through the House- this session,
and is making no efforts to pusn his own
bill.
Among the men who voted against tha
funding bill there is a sentiment that the
commission will be mereiy an instrument
for further delaying settlement with the
Government by all the roads. Western
members are giving this opinion freely.
This idea will greet the new bill, if it is re
ported, and will probably defeat it.
WANTS A CABINET COMMISSION.
Attorney- Genera/ Harmon's Plan to Sett/9
the Indebtedness of the Pacific
Railroads.
WASHINGTON, D. Q, Feb. 3.—Attor
ney-Generai Harmon appeared before the
House Committee on Pacific railways to
day and expressed at some* length his
views with reference to the bill to settle
the indebtedness of the Pacific railways to
ihe Government by a commission consist
ing of three Cabinet officers. Speaking
generally, he favored the proposition. Ha
would give the committee full authority
to act according to their best judgment,
and would not bind them to the acceptance
of a certain minimum sum, for beyond
that sum they would not be likely to re
ceive bids. On the other hand, the fixm*
of a maximum sum might handicap tnem
because of their failure co receive so large
an amount. He deprecated the sugges
tion of a comnii^sio* of private citizen*,
as the personnel of such a commission
could not be known in advance to Con
gress, or the considerations which had led
to their selection. Moreover, outsiders
would demand pay for their services,
while the members of the Cabinet would
discharge this duty without remuneration,
and merely as an addition to their daily
routine. The country would be better
satisfied with a Cabinet commission.
Moreover, the Cabinet officers were a part
of the Government, and had access
through their subordinates, to all matters
in the possession of the Government.
THIS AX2I-SCALFIAG BILL.
A Law Designed to Force Railroads to
Jiedeem lickets.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 3.—Amend
ments intended to popularize the anti
scalping bill were agreed to by the Senate
Committee on Interstate Commerce to
day.
As amended, and as the bill will prob
ably be reported to the Senate, the rail
road companies will be required, within
thirty days after the law r.ces into effect,
to redeem all legal tickets offered for re
demption. This is done to protect those
brokers who may have secured iickets by
private arrangements with any railroad
company.
The bill will also be amended so as to re
quire the companies to redeem not only
the unused portion of any ticket in the
hands of the public, but the whole ticket
if it should not be used. It is believed tlie
bill will be_ reported at the next meeting of
the committee.
TRBAXOJt'S JtEl.t.AsE 1) r.V.t .% /> f. l>.
Mate of an Aynerienn linrk Confined it*
a Cnllao Prison.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 3.— The
State Department has sustained the
United States Charge d'Affaires in his
protest against the confinement of S. G.
Treanor, mate of the American bark Unc c
John of San Francisco, at Callao, Peru,
and has instructed that official to demand
Treanor's release.
Treanor, who was naturalized at San,
Francisco in 1891, took a drink or two
a*hore on the night of December 16, and
in a subsequent row betwuen twenty
seamen and the police, he resisted arrest.
He got no hearing until December 24,
when, according to a report received at
the State Department, little or no evidence
was developed against him. Confidencn
is expressed that trie man will be released
in compliance with the department's ca
bled demand on January 27.
•
Regulaiintj Sale of Seized Opium.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 3.— The
Committee on Ways and Means to-day
agreed to report favorably the bill to
amend the laws regulating the saie of
opium seized for failure to pay the duty
on that article. The luw requires that
such forfeited opium shall not oe sold for
less than the amount of the duty, $10 a
pound. As the market price of opium is
but $t> or $7 a pound, the treasury officials
cannot oi course secure the duty price.
The amendment proposes that the opium
shall be sold to the highest bidder.
Strengthening thn Copyright Late.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 3.— The
House Committee on Patents to-day
ordered favorably reported the bill amend
ing the copyright law so as to prevent the
fraudulent use of the word "copyrighted"
and to strengthen the law in that direc
tion. It gives the courts the remedy of
injunction as well as penalty in such,
cases.
Vraing Payment of /Sugar Bountie*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 3. -The
sub-committee of the Appropriation Com
mittee havine charge of the sundry ciTil
appropriation bill to-day heard members
of the House from Louisiana, Nebraska
and California in support of the proposi
tion to pay the balance of the sugar
bounty due domestic raisers under the
law of 1800, amounting to about $1,200,000.
kstw to-dat:
TO-DAY, THDRSDAT
GIFT
DAY
FREE
WITH EVERY PURCHASE
AMOUNTING TO
25c OR MORE
. Your Choice
Of a Bottle of Syrup of Figs,
Of a Bottle of Cough Syrup,
Of a Bottle of Peri Cold Cream,
Of a Box of Face Powder,
Of a Porous Plaster,
Of a Cake of Antiseptic Soap,
Of a Cake of Toilet Soap.
REMEMBER THE DAY.
DON'T MISb THIS.
WALLER BROS.,
Cut- Rate Druggists,
33 GRANT AVE., COR. GEARY.
ROSLYN COAL!
THE HOST ECONOMICAL IN THE MARKET.
BY THE 5ACK...... 4.">c
BY THE TON... .....SB.OO .
Try • sack or ton from the old reliable yard.
G£O. JO.NK'. Manager.'
251 Stevenson Street,
Tel. Black 2341. Between Third and Fourth
Special Hates to Hotels and Restaurant*.
56
Wat « . fiMl
THURSDAY FKBP.UaRY 4, 1897
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Free:
X Dally and Sunday (all, one week, by carrier. .( 0.1 ft
Pally sod Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Pally end Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60 |
Daily and Sunday Cam., one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mat! 1.60
KkXLV Call, one year, by mall 1-& C
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
fin'Frsni'ljfo, California.
Telephone Main—
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
0:80 o'clock.
389 Hayea atraet; open nntll 0:30 o'clock.
815 Lark ln street: open until 9:80 o'clock.
s\v. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
cat ll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
187 Ninth street; open until 9 O'clock.
1305 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
■ Rooms 81 and 39, 84 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL,
It is a bad year for cinch bills.
Just one month more of Grover.
The rain threatens to be too much of a
good thins.
When prosperity begins to come it Trill
come a-humrning.
Every new appointment to the Cabinet
adds to its strength.
American seamen have rights which
Congress must respect.
A month from to-day we inaugurate the
administration of prosperity.
Willie Hearst, will have to dig up the
stuff in New York. Long Green is non
plused.
Which will be the next corporation to
follow the example of the Southern
Pacilic and expose the blackmailers?
Here lies the body of Ambrose Blerce;
His soul, now gone, was always scarce.
Lie heavily on him, earth, lor he
Kid long and meanly lie on tbee,
It is in vain the Examiner tries to hide
itself from public scorn behind the coats
of honest men. The foxy effluvia betrays
its presence.
The arm of our law is as strong and as
Jong as that of Australia when it comes to
arresting criminals, but there are differ
ences later on.
It is hard to tell from the debates in the
Senate on the Nicaragua canal bill whether
the Senators think they ara holding a
consultation or an inquest.
"The funds of Wasteful Willie I squander not."
Long Green said. "All squandering is rot.
'Tis true I strip him, but no waste Is ahowu;
His purse I empty but to till my own."
Governor Pingree of Michigan insists
upon his right to serve also as Mayor of
Detroit, and for the first time in his life
lias become a questionable official.
The Examiner continues to support
cinch bill legislators, but we notice that
in trying to escape the lash of The Call
it is always careful to dodge behind honest
men.
By compelling the lampooners and
libelers of George K. Fitch to publicly
acknowledge his honesty The Call has
won the praise of every honorable man in
California.
The long-protracted discussion as to
■whether Pennsylvania should have a new
Etate Capitol is no longer a burniDg
isrue. She will either have one or legis
late in ashes.
The Kansas legislator wfyo has intro
duced a bill making it a misdemeanor to
swear has probably just enoueh sense to
know that he is one of the cranks Kansas
is swearing at.
Harvard students are complaining that
the faculty has begun to treat them like
little boys, when, really, the action of the
faculty seems directed to bad boys, with
out regard to size.
The assertion of the Examiner that The
Call is "ringing the fire alarm" is an
other attempt to delude the people. It is
not the firemen but the police that are
wanted for blackmailers.
One of the encouraging signs of the
(situation is the presence of the Republican
State Central Committee at Sacramento.
The members of that body can be counted
on to promote good legislation and right
cinch bills.
The bill now before the Legislature de
claring it unlawful to make a contract in
this State "providing for payment in any
particular or specific kind o! money issued
by the United States" furnishes a very
good piece of paper with which to line a
vastebasket.
"If reputable citizens are to be induced
to take part in the City government they
must be assured of immunity from abuse
when they try to do their duty to the
public." This sneer of the Examiner we
repeat with earnestness. Ask the Park
Commissioners.
The defense made by the Sacramento
Typographical Union No. 46 of the women
employed In the State Printing Office
against the attacks "of a sensational
press evidently inspired from interested
pources" was timely, manly and vigorous.
The working people of California are
rau;dlv learning to understand the
Examiner and to know what its motives
»re.
The mass-meeting in this City to pro
mote the passage of the bill securing
better treatment to oar seamen revived
the sentiment of the days when the
American people went to war with Eng
land to protect sailors' rights. If we
were willing to fight to save our own sea
men from imprisonment under a foreign
flag we should at least secure them liberty
under our own.
In republisbing yesterday an editorial
from The Call of May, 1895, commending
"Willie Hearst the Examiner recalled what
was seemingly a great offense on our part.
The offense, however, was not bo bad as
it looks. It must be remembered that
up to that time Hearst had not been ex
posed as a subsidized agent of the South
ern Pacific nor had he given any signs of
turning Long-Green Lawrence loose to
loot the town.
THE REAL ISSUE.
The manacers of tne Examiner ha%'ing been oxposed in their attempt to levy
bJackmaii on the water and the gas companies, as they did at one time on the South
ern Pacific, liave resorted to a bold ruse to escape public indignation. They now assert
that tney attack these and other corporations in the interest of the public and that
their sole object at present is to obtain for the people lower rates for the U3e of water
and gas.
As a means of carrying this ruse to a successful conclusion the Examiner charges
The Call with antagonism to popular interests. It tries to hide its own depravity by
alleging that The Call is as abandoned as itself. It seeks to evade tne real issue by
raising a false one and hopes by vicious attacks upon honesty to deprive The Call of
that public confidence which is necessary to enable it to overcome the banded powers
of blackmail journalists and cinch bill lobbyists.
The readers oi The Call are well aware that it has never opposed a reduction in
the charges for water or for gas; it has simply opposed an attempt to extort money
from corporations by cinch bills and blackmail. The position of Tiie Call is the
same that is taken on this subject by every honest man in Pan Francisco. It is the
duty of the Supervisors to carefully jnd exhaustively examins the accounts of the
water and gas companies and determine what rat- of charges will enable them to earn
a fair and legitimate profit on the investment. That duty every honest Supervisor
will conscientiously endeavor to perform, and he can count upon The Call and all
honest men to support him in doing it.
The real issue between The Call and the managers of the Examiner is not whether
gas and water rates shall be reduced, but whether they shall be reduced in accordance
with law and justice, or whetner a threat of arbitrary and spoliating reduction shall
be held over the corporations in order to force them to pay big money to have the
agitation stopped.
The present controversy is simply a repetition of the contest against the funding
bill. The Call made that fight solely for the purpose of having the public interests
maintained by enforcing the law. The Examiner entered the ficht solely to extort
money from the railroad company. When the subsidy of $1000 a month was paid the
Examiner bad no further fight to make. When the subsidy was cut off the Examiner
immediately began to get up a petition just as it is doing now. Had the Southern
Pacific renewed the subsidy the Examiner' 3 petition against tho funding bill would
have been dropped in the wastebasket. If the water and the gas companies
should put up the price "Long Green" Lawrence demands, the petition he is now
ostensibly getting up would be torn into strips and thrown into the kennel to make
beds for the pups. •
The whole issue in the controversy is the simple one of law against blackmail.
The people are concerned in it, because they can never have good government,
either State or municipal, as long as invested capital is compelled to pay bluckmnil
or subsidies of any kind to corrupt officials and horseleech journalists. When such
offenders are permitted to s;o un whipped of public justice large corporations are com
pelled to expend great sums of money to defend themselves against the predatory
rascals, or to buy their silence. This condition of affairs disturbs legitimate enter
prise, imperils capital and corrupts politics.
The evil has grown from bad to wor3e and has now become intolerable. It is
time to crush it out. Every intelligent man in San Francisco knows that under its
present management the Examiner has been exposed and convicted of extorting
subsidies from corporations. Why then should any man permit himself to be de
ceived by its professions of regard for public interests? Why should any man hesi
tate to exclude the paper from his housenold and to refuse to give even an indirect
support to the gang of blackmailers who control it and profit by it?
THE PUBLIC GOOD.
The action of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee in establishing head
quarters at Sacramento, to be maintained
during the continuance of the legislative
session, is decidedly a good innovation in
politico. No men are better titte.l to as
sist in shaping and directing legislation
than the men who represent the Republi
can organization of the State, and who
are charged with the responsibility of
guiding the party in the conduct of pub
lic affairs, so that its prestige with the
people will be increased and its hold upon
public confidence retained.
The headquarters will serve asa general
gathering place for .Republicans of all sec
tions of the State, and in the informal
discussions held there men can learn
what is needed for the State as a whole,
as well as for their own counties, and
what is expected by the people at large as
well as by their local constituencies.
From these discussions much good will
result. The rej^resentatives of the party
in the Legislature will be brought into
harmony with one another and enabled
to act unitedly for the best interests of the
commonwealth.
One of the chief dnties of the committee
will be to defeat the schemes and machi
nations of cinch bill legislators. Some of
the tricks of these men are so cunningly
concealed that a new legislator, unversed
in the intrigues of politics, may readily
be deceived by them, and, with the best
intentions in the world, be deluded into
supporting them.
The members of the State Central Com
mittee form an excellent corps of Buper
vision over legislation generally, and can
be counted on to assist in exposing and
defeating the schemes of nefarious lob
byi-ts, blackmail journalists and what
few allies tiiey may have either in the
Assembly or the Senate.
Major Frank McLaughlin, chairman of
the committee, is to be congratulated
upon the move which has been made
nnder his direction. He won high honors
by the skill and energy with which ho
conducted the Republican party to suc
cess in California during t lie campaign,
and proved himself to be the ideal man
for that position. Not content with serv
ice already rendered, he now goes for
ward to undertake lurther duties to the
party and to the people. "What he has
undertaken is an innovation in politics,
but it will be approved by all who have
the welfare of the State at heart.
The chairman is fortunately supported f
by strong and able members of the com- ■
mittee, and there can be no Question but '
what bis new work will be as successfully
carried out as was the victorious cam
paign of last fall. It is one of the good
signs of the situatifn that Major Me-
Laughlin and his colleagues have had the
public spirit to give their attention to the
legislation which is now proposed, and
the innovation thus begun will no doubt'
prove so satisfactory to the people that it '
will be continued as a permanent part of '
our politics.
THE TEEATY SIGNED
The long dispute over the Venezuelan
boundary and over the right of the United
States to interfere in all controversies of a
similar nature between an American
country and a foreign power lias baen
virtually settled. The treaty of arbitra
tion arranged under the direction of the
Secretary of State of our Government
has been signed by the representatives of
England and Venezuela, and what is left
to be done is a matter of detail, involving
no principle of importance between the
two countries or between them and our
own.
The fortunate issue of this controversy
will constitute one redeeming feature of
the Cleveland administration. It can be
seen now that Mr. Cleveland was fortun
ate in selecting the successor to Secretary
Gresham. If Mr. Olney has not played
his part with tac:, he has certainly done
so with firmness. The results prove the
wisdom of his course. He may be accused
by future mugwumps as he has been by
those now living of being too rude and
too little diplomatic in the famous letter
to Congress on the Venezuelan question,
but t *ir criticisms cannot affect the fact
that he succeeded where milder-mannered
men have failed. It is evident that a little
"jingoism" now and then is by no means
harmful to diplomacy.
The amount of territory involved in the
dispute, while of great value perhaps to
Venezuela, was of no importance to us.
Our interest in the affair has bpen se-
cured by compelling or winning British
recognition of our right to practically ap
ply the principles enunciated in the Mon
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1897.
roe doctrine. What Great Britain has
conceded no other nation is likely to seri
ously dispute. Any question hereafter
between an American .-tate and a Euro
-I'i-an nation involving a claim against the
territory of the American state will be
submitted to our interference as a matter
oi course.
This does not mean war on our part, but
it doe? mean arbitration. It means that
no European state, however powerful,
shall wrongfully despoil an American
country however weak. It means that
the United States is to stand as the de
fender of the independence of American
soil. It is no slight thing to have gained
a recognition of this right on our part,
and the American people will regard Sec
retary Olney as one of those who has
served his country well and illustrated in
an otherwise weak Cabinet the dignity of
American statecraft and the honor of the
American R§public.
AMEBICAN SEAMEN.
The mass-meeting held in this City to
urge the enactment by Congress of a bill
providing better security in the law for
the rights of American seamen gave
utterance to what is undoubtedly the
sentiment of a great majority of the
American people.
It is difficult to see why there should be
any opposition to the proposed bill. It
was passed by the House of Representa
tives after lull discussion, and has thus
received the indorsement of that portion
of Congress which most directly repre
sents the people and is in closest aym
pathy with their aims and desires. The
opposition made to it in the Senate is
Bomewhat extraordinary, and the people
have acted rightly in urging its passage
and expressing indignation against those
who obstruct it.
The American people in years past en
tered upon a war with Great Britain to
maintain the rights of American sailors.
At that time our fathers wera willing to
right in order to secure our seamen from
impressment under a foreign flag. We
would be unworthy of sucu sires if we
were not willing now to secure our sailors
by law of nghtiul liberty and a just pro
tection under our own Hag.
The United States of right should be the
greatest maritime power on tbe globe.
Our commerce, if not our navy, should ex
ceed that of any other country. Our ships
should be in every sea aim the men who
man them and defend the flag that floats
over them should be Americans. It is In
vain, however, that we hope to gather the
youth of our seacoast States into our com
mercial marine if we subject them as sail
ors to a condition whicti ia so near abso
lute servitude as to almost merit the name
of slavery.
There is no reason why the Americaan
seaman should not enjoy the same rights
and privileges as the American worker on
land. It is something of a National dis
grace that he does not already enjoy them,
and it is the duty of Congress to right his
wrongs as speedily as possible.
The bill whose passage the seamen ad
vocate is not revolutionary in its nature,
nor evan radical. It hardly goes further
than to extend to seamen engaged in for
eign commerce the same rights which
have been already given to those engaged
In the coasting trade. It aims to put an
end to certain practices which are well
recognized as evils. It is thoroughly
Amencun in meaning and intent and is
designed solely to guarantee to Americans
who work on the deep seas the same per
sonal rights which are enjoyed by Ameri
cans at home. Thepa% B ageof the bill will
have a tendency to encourage youne men
along our seacoasts to enter our commer
cial service, sad will be a benefit to the
ship-owners as well as to the seamen.
PARAGRAPHb ABOUi PEOPLE
Maunce Jokai, the Hungarian writer, has
been made a life member of the House of Mag
nates.
The London papers sty that Marshal Yama
gata of Japan will probably visit England In
June to represent the Mikado at the celebra
tion in honor of the Queen's long reign.
Cyrus Cobb'B marble bust of Dr. S. F. Smith,
author of "America," which was orderod by
the State of Massachusetts, is finished and will
be placed In the new Memorial Hall when It is
completed.
Mrs. Harriet Worrell, Brooklyn's strongest
woman chess player, hat commenced a course
of training for the chess tournament which Is
being arranged In London by the British La
dies' Chess Ciub.
The fountain presented to West Point by
Mrs. James Marshland Law ton as a memorial
to her husoand and to her father. Major Rob
ert Anderson, of Fort Sumter fame, was made
from her own des:ga.
AN AGE OF GIGANTIC ENTERPRISES.
Measures which a lew years ago would have challenged and received the contumely of the
incredulous are 10-day generally investigated
before the seal of approval is affixed.
The "impossible" is stricken from the lexi
con, you might hay, and only the "improoa
ble" remains, with very uncertain tenure.
The needs of the world have stimulated
genius into the production of results which,
had tliey occurred a hundred years ago, would
have condemned their creatois to the fate of
We are no longer surprised at what happens.
The capital stock of a telephone line to the
moon could be successfully floated in any
city, were it positively known that there was
somebody at the distant end of the line to
answer to our "hello."
The great problem of big cities like San
Francisco Is "power" production.
California has not the immense torrent o*
Niagara, nor has she, so far as known, the
Immense reservoirs ol hydrogen gases which
have made famous certain regions of New
York and Pennsylvania.
But California possesses a source of power
besides which the water and gases of the East
ern natural power-fields sink into pigmy in
significance.
what Is this wonderful source?
AH California is eager to learn.
The question will be fully answered In The Sunday Call.
It will be a revelation to you.
Everybody whose interests lie with the interests of tho Golden Stata must necessarily be
deeply concerned.
The Sunday Call will open your eyes to one of the most magnificent prospects of this
glorious Slate.
We will leave that matter for the present
Between ourselves, now, "What is your hobby?"
Is it animal pets, collections of shells or mineral specimens, or do you "co very much" on
the bicycle?
But there are men who take up hobbies, little fads to indulge their pastime, and push them
away into domains of great studies and success, leaving tneir genuine profession dwarfed by
the splendid height to which they have raised their fad.
You are acquainted with lots of these men.
Many of them livo right here In San Francisco, and next Sunday you can read all about
these remarkable faddists In Thk Call.
It is an Interesting and curious article about men who lead, you may say, double lives,
with two professions, in one of which they grade with the dead level of their fellows, while in
the other they scale away up to altitudes limited only by the ttrength of their desires.
Ihs, Sunday Call will tell you who these people are.
And it will tell you a multitude of other things that you will be gratified to know.
Do you want scientific information that you can rely upon?
Do you want stories full of merit?
coufi' 0 / 011 want t0 k n°w tbe * ru ° value of the latest books turned out by the press of the
Do you want all the news "dished up" fairly and gquarely?
Do you want the cleanest and best all-round" paper published west of the Sierras?
Ihen get The Sunday Call.
PERSONAL.
H. F. Lilly of Honolulu is here.
J. J. Hill of Nevada is a late arrival hero.
Dr. C. Kelloug of Lakeport is at the Grand.
Dr. D. M. Livingstone of San Jose Is in town.
Dr. A. M. Burns of Seattle is at the Baldwin.
W. D. Koagers of Watsonville is in the City.
J. W. Maulsby of Sacramento is at the Grand.
James R. Ryland of San Jose is at the Palace.
H. C. Milligan of New York has arrived here.
Ernest Graves of San Luis Oblsoo is in the
City.
ft. M. Lennon of Port Townsend is in the
City.
H. J. Delamer of San Diego, Tex., is in the
City.
N. A. McKay, a mining man of Angels, is
here.
Dr. David Starr Jordan ol Palo Alto is at the
Occidental.
J. L. Whitney, a merchant of Jamestown, is
In tne City.
R. S. Taylor, a mining man of Yreka, is on
a visit here.
Pearson lla'.stead of New York ts a recent
arrival here.
Robert McPherson of McPherson is her* on
a business trip.
General T. W. Sheehan of Sacramento is at
the Occidental.
Ez-Judge a F. Gell of Salinas Is a late ar
rival in the City.
11. c. Fritz, a business man ot Evanston,
Wyo., is at the Lick.
George P. Moore, a well-to-do business man
of Omaha, is at tne Palace.
G. B. WUcox, a resident of Red Bluff, Is reg
istered at the Cosmopolitan.
Collin Kemper of the Louis James Company
is among those at the Baldwin.
Dr. J. E. Brouse ol Vancouver, B. C, and
Mrs. Brouie are at the Occidental.
R. Haskinson, a mining man of Quincy, Is at
the Russ, accompanied by his wife.
J. M. Themandez, a business man of Las
Vegas, N. M., arrived here yesterday.
R. Knoll, a business man of Portland, is
here, accompanied by his wife and child.
8. E. Day, a prominent merchant of Cincin
nati, is a late arrival at the Cosmopolitan.
F. H. Hopulns, a bnslness man of Portland,
is at the Palace accompanied by Mrs. Hopkins.
M. Phillips and A. H. Wagner, young busi
ness men of Chicago, are staying at the Cos
mopolitan.
11. B. Smith, owner of a general store at
Everett, Wash., is here on a business trip, ac
companied by his wife.
August Wessel, a commercial traveler from
this City, was thrown from a buggy near Vol
cano a few days ago by a runaway team, two
of his ribs being broken.
D. J. Kenny, who for several years past has
been connected with Frank Leslie's Weekly
and who was at one time connected with San
Frauciico jjurnalism, is a recent arrival here,
and is at tho Palace.
W. 11. Hamrnon, Chief of the United States
Weather Bureau here, has gone to Riverside
and other places to make a general inspection
of the weather stations. He will deliver sev
eral lectures on weather topics while absent.
Forecaster McAUie will have chargo of the
oflice in his absence.
OPIIMIoM.
Life holds no woe for me. I know full well,
However evil ttiiugs may seem to-day,
Souii future joy is certain to dispel
The clouds mat lower darsy o'er the way.
No night ere was whoae darkness did not fade,
Nor storm ere was whose course was not soon
rnn;
And so my soul, by troubles undismayed,
Doth simply wait the coming of th« sun.
Hahky ibaoin Wai.kkk In Boston 1 ranscrlp'.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Darling," said the, "do you love mo as
much as ever?"
"Yes, dearie," said be, with hla nose buried
In bis newsDaper.
That ought to have satisfied her, but she had
to ask "Why?"
"Oh l l dunno. Habit, I guess."— Cincinnati
Enquirer.
"It has come at last," sobbed the lovely
bride of a month ; "ihe first quarrel."
"What, with your husband?" inquired her
pitying friend.
"N— no," she faltered, lifting her tear
steeped eye*; "much worse — with the cook!"—
New Orleans Timek-Democrat
"Does your wife worry about burglars?"
"Not much," anvwered Mr. Meekton.
"I wonder what sha'U lay if she found one in
the houge?"
"1 don't know, but I have an idea ine'd ask
him how h« dared come in the house without
wiping his shoes on the mat."— Washington
bUr.
"Did you know that all of Queen Victoria's
children were compelled to learn some useful
occupation? Wales, for Instance, was taught
the sboemaklng trade."
"And still he cannot foot a bill," said the
cheerful Idiot.— lndianapolis Journal.
Mrs. Lightest— The waiter appeared to be
very much offended when you gave him that
tip.
Mr. Lightest (in surprise}— Why, ha couldn't
b« very much offended; I only gavo him 5
cental— Puck.
First spiritualist— How's business?
Second spiritualist— Medium.— Twinkles.
Stranger— You have cut mr chin a second
time! If you can't shave better than that you
will lose all your customers pretty quick.
Barber's apprentice— Not at all, sir. I am
not allowed to shave the regular customers
yet. 1 shave only strangers.— Dublin World.
Letters From the People.
THE "BUG BIBLE."
Many Copies of It Said to Be in £*lst-
ence in. This Country.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
I have seen in the papers repealed accounts
of the 'Bug tfib'.e" and its rarity. The writers
o! these paragraphs teem to have but an in
sufficient knowledge of their subject. There
are probably scores of "Buz Bibles" in the
United States. I myself brought one to this
country more than twenty years ago (I used
to have several), which I gave to a friend, and
which I suppose is still in existence some
where. I believe it will be found that ail the
bibles printed by Barker, whether in black
letter or in plain Roman, contain this syno
nym for the word "terror," and it is also found
in other versions. The word occurs often In
seventeenth century literature, a well-known
example being in Shakespeare's "Hamlet,"
and remains in use in our words "bogey" and
••bugbear,' and 'bug, M Bs applied by Ameri
cans to any unpleasant animal of the worm
grub or insect kind. It is more difficult to
understand how the English came to confine
it entirely to insects of the family of cimieidjp
the members of which are always ill-smelling
but often gayly colored, and in" other lespects
less offensive than most of the insect tribe.
„ Charles J. Gedge.
Berkeley, February l, 1897.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
To Dye Eoos— F., City. Any aruggist will
furnish you dyes that will color eggs black or
brown.
Mines in British Columbia— A. S., City. The
wsge.< paid to mlnrrs in the mines of British
ColumDia is from $2 to %3 per day.
The Constitution— C. P. F., ShandoD. San
Lvii Ob.spo, Cal. You can obtain a copy of
tlie constitution of the State of California by
addressing a communication to the Secretary
of State at Sacramento.
Mimsg Property— A. S., Angels Camp. Cala
veras County, Cal. Tne question you ask is
one that this department cannot answer for
the reason that it Involves questions of proof
aud law which only a court can pass upon.
TO San Jose— A. C, City. This department
has been unable to ascertain the "best pedes
trian record between the City Hall, Pan Fran
cisco, and the electric tower, San Jose." The
distance by the county road is about fifty-two
miles.
Selling Crabs-C. c, City. If you wish to
engage iv the business of selling crabs you
| will have to procure a license. If you will call
I at the license office iti the City Hall you will
be informed as to the amount of license you
will have to pay.
Bep.ytce Stripes— A. a. 8., City. A member
of the National Guard who has served a term
of enlistment and re-eulists is entitled to
; wear a service stripe. He is entitled to a
stripe for every enlistment that he has com
| Dieted. iServlce in a cauet company counu
j just thejsauie as in any other branch.
Two Islands— N. N\, City. Alcatraz Island
in the bay of San Francisco measures about
1800 feet extreme length and iloO at its widest
I>ar:. The southern island of the group known
as tho Farallones de los Krayles, 24V miles
from a line drawn across thi> Golden Gate is
the lamest. It measures 3930 feel tn length
by 1043 in width. The north and raiddie
Farailones are mere rocks.
The Devil's Auction— J. B. m.. City. "The
Devil's Auction" was produced at the Bush
street Theater in this City on the 27ih of June,
1887, and was on the boards for two weeks It
was then produced for six nights at the Grand
Opera-house under the title of "The Devil's
Auction, or The Golden Branch," commencing
July 11 1887. It was next produced at the
California Theater, commencing December
AN Enginekr-N. N.. city. An individual
serving in an engine-room of a steamship
must serve a year before he can obtain third
assistant engineer papers, and one year mort
before lie cnn be eu titled to second assistant
papers and one year moro b 'fore entitled to
first assistant papers. The law does not re
quire that a person should be a mechanic, but
he should know sometning of the duties of a
machinist.
"Ships That Pass in the Night"— Reader,
City. The following quotation is from the
"Theologian 1 Tale," Elizabeth, Canto 6 in
"Tales of a Wayside Inn." by Henry W. Lone
fellow, finished January 29, 1873: *■
ships thai pass In the night and speak each other
In musing, ««•"«=»
Only a signal shewn, and a distant voice in the
darkness;
So on the ocean of life we pass and speak one
anotber,
Only a look or a voice, then darkness again and a
SI It? IJ CG-
Homestead EsTRT-Lucine Craft, Ballards,
Santa Barbara County, Cal. There a/c condi
tions under which '-a married wofcan, hus
band living," can take up United States land.
A deserted wife may make an entry. "A mar
ried woman, deserted by her husband, made a
homestead entry and provided means fur im
proving and cultivating the land embraced
therein. Notwithstanding her husband's re
turn, she will, upon making satisfactory final
proof, receive the patent in her own name "
(Anna Oleson, Copp*s Land Lnws, p. 488.) An
■ oandoned wife is regarded as the nearlof a
family and her rights will receive due consid
eration. If a man and woman marry after
each has made an eatry one entry must be sur
rendered.
The Year 1900— E. A. S., Alameda. CaL The
best authorities do not agree with you in re
gard to the year 1899 closing the nineteenth
century. In the Century Dictionary is the
following:
The first century of the Christian era began with
the year A. D. land extended to the end of the year
100: the third century began with the rear 201 and
ended with the year 300, and the eighteenth cen
tury began with 1800, the year completing the 100
year p»rlod In each Instance Giving name to the
the century, l&t&a
Thus the nineteenth century began with
1801 and will close with 1900, and the year
1901 will be the beginning of the twentieth
century and not the nineteenth century as
announced in thii department through an
error ol transcription a lew days since.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
Messrs. Friedlander, Gottlob & C.\ announce
that they have almost completed arrange
ments for the appearance of Bror.islaw Hub.r
man at the California Theater. The child
prodigy has been very much overdone of late
years, but this boy violinist seems to be the
most remarkable child wonder since the
appearance years ago of little Joseph
Hoffman. Before Huberman came to this
country he was announced as "Not a prodigy
but an artist," and his concerts have proved
that the statement was no exaggeration. He
came to New York with very little prelim
inary puffing, and made his American debut
at Carnegie Hall on November 19 with tne
Seidl Orcnestra. Since then the boy has been
the sensation of the concert season, '96 and '!)7,
both in New York and Boston. Ail tho vio
linists «nd pianists who have come this
season in search of American dollars, and
have been photographed and paragraphed
and had weird stories told of their doings to
excite public curiosity, have not risen to tho
top crest of popularity, as little Huberman
has done. The boy is described as possessing
BRONISLAW HUBERMAN, the Child Wonder Violinist, Who
Will Probably Be Heard at the California Theater.
precocious mind in every
way. To converse with him is to converse with
a full-fledged adult of remarkable mentality,
ana then to glance at his young face, framed
in its mass of black curls, is almost a shock.
A few years ago the poetess queen, Carmen
Silva, painted Huberman's portrait as an
angel. Those who have seen him recently
say that there are flashes of demoniacal
power and passion in the boy's expression
now that would ill become an angel. After
his American tour, which will end in May,
Huberman pere will send his son to school in
Vienna in order that he may enjoy the com
panionship of children of his own age, a
thing he has hitherto never done.
Miss Sibyl Sanderson is going down to pos
terity in a unique and interesting way as the
personification of one of the three most suc
cessful French operas of modern times. The
city of Paris is building itself a magnificent
new Opera Comique (or Salle Favart, as it is
often called, after the founder of the Prench
opera comique). The edifice is nownearing
completion, and the frescoing of tue great dome
has been intrusted to the celebratad painter,
Benjamin Constant A representative of Le
Matin interviewed the painter the other day re
specting his work, and this is what he said :
"The base of the design will consist of the
three most celebrated operas comiques of the
French contemporary school. In the center
will be Mignon, Goethe's heroine, who has be
come that of Ambroise Thomas; she will be
standing uprlgnt, with Lothario at her feet
and Wilhelm Meister at her right. To the
spectator's right will be seen the three chief
characters in Bizet's 'Carmen,' and to the left
will be Maisenet's Manon, alighting frqm her
sedan chair while the Chevalier dcs Urleux
gallantly kisses her hand."
'•Shall you give your figures the traits of the
artists who have created or given the best in
terpretation of the leading roles? 1 ' asked the
representative of Le Matin aud Constant re
plied:
"Assuredly. Thus you will see Miss Sibyl
Sanderson as Manon, for I consider that the
revival of Massenet's opera by that artist can
be looked upon as a very remarkable one.
Carmen will be Emma Calve, who ha* tri
umphed most in the role, and Mignon will be
Ualli-Marle, who created the part, and vho
has never been approached in it.
When one considers that the Salle Favart is
a national building and that the artistic deco
rations of such buildings have an almost sacred
significance in France, it is quite a remarkable
fact that a singer from far-away California
Rhou'd be placed there with two of the greatest
French artists of modern times.
Melba has gone back to Europe an invalid,
but it is halt believed that she will return
before the end of the grand opera season.
There are various reasons assigned for her in
disposition. New York papers have been air
ing the statement that she caught cold at the
draughty Academy of Music while lying in her
tomb in "Romeo and Juliet." Melba's failure
in the role of Brunhilde is also given as a
reason for her temporary withdrawal, as Jeau
ac Reszke persuaded her to aing the part,
assuring her that she could do as well as or
better than Nordica. De Keszke is now accused
of having done this in order to reap all the
glory lor the part of Siegfried instead of
sharing the applause with Nordica's Brun
hilde. If this is true, Melba must feel that she
has been made a tool of. A newspaper corre
spondent has calculated that on the evenings
when Melba appears in opera in New York,
she is paid at the rate of $70 a minute. 'At
that calculation at & recent performance she
received over $1 a second. But meanwhile,
the tenor had something to do, and by exact
computation Melba sang only ten minutes, so
she earned $150 for each minute ot actual
work. Continuing this investigation further,
we find that every lime the diva exhaled her
breath she made $50. Yet she began her
musical career at Penny Readings in Australia
for a compensation of 62 cents, or two and six
ponce a night. No romance by Stanley Wey
man or Anthony Hope can equal the astonish
ment of grand opera."
A colossal fiasco has marked the opening
of the Ecala season at Milan with "The
Duekof the Gods." A Milanese newspaper,
speaking of Wagner and hit music in Italy,
says: "How many of us are believers? Tha
coming performances will no doubt toll us.
Of the nay, glittering, multi-colored crowd
which filled the theater and listened very at
tentlve:y on the first night, certainly nine
tenthi were abominably bored, and snowed
once again by their silence to what extent
Wagner Is accepted in Milan. 'The Dusk of
the Gods' may ba a masterpiece, and may pre
sent a veritable intellectual delieht for those
who are versed in the music of the German
master, and wnoare seekers after philosophy
For the moment though the music seemed
very wearisome to our public, ana the man
agers had better not abuse its patience, if they
do not want to see a repetition of the memor
able exceas which marked the performances
of 'The Valkyrie* a few years ago."
Mile. Antoinette Trebelli has had some rather
unique exceriences during her world's tour
On one occasion she visited the Interior of Zu
luland, and the Zulus hearing of her fame
came in thousands to see if she would sing for
them, as they had never heard a white singer.
She was viaitujg the wile oX me commander ol
the British garrison, ana at her request agreed
to give the Zulus an open-air concert. Tho
warriors came in thousands to the appointed \
spot outside the fort, and squatting on the!
ground, with their black faces upturned, ex- '
pressed their approbation of Mile. Trebelli's
singing by deep guttural grunts. On another
occasion the young vocalist sang "Home,
Sweet Home" to a thousand Cornish miners
in Australia six hundred feet below the sur
laco of the earth.
One of the most ridiculous devices for catch
ing the elusive coins of a confiding public is
fjuna m aa advertisement to be seen In sevr
erai English papers. The advertiser is a tea
merchant, ana no cfferi to give away with
every p»uad of t ea a gratuitous lesson on tha
violin or mandolin, the time limit of the les
son being fixed at twenty minutes. The price
of the pound of tea is only two shillings (half a
dolar). and one naturally asks what it can
really be worth if the dealer is able to givo
away a mu«c tenon with it. The next thing
Will probably be pjano and ringing lessons
given away with bars of soap and bottles of
shoe blacking.
One of tho artists who will come to America
this year is Sims Reeves, the veteran English
tenor. Reeves won renown in Italian opera a
generation or more ago, and has made and
lost a fortune since then. About two ycirs
ago he took a second wife in the person of a
young pupil of his, who had been named
Maud in her infancy by her parents on ac
count of their admiration for the way in
which Sims Reeves saDg the ballad "Come
Into the Garden, Maud." Reeves will make
his first bow to an American audience Et the
age of 78.
Nikisch, formerly of the Boston Symphony
Orchestra, later of Buda-Pesth and now of
Berlin and Leipslc has been sued lor $20,000
damages by the Royal Opera-house of Buda-
Pesth for having given up his position as its
conductor before the time specified in his con
tract. Not omy haa the Court of Appeal- o \
Austria refused to ailow the theater anyjaam 1
ages, but it has condemned it to pay au th V
costs. M
Decidedly Germany is the country of jubi
lees. In a liulo Saxon town they have just
celebrated the jubilee of an honest tailor,
Frederick Augustus Schetelig, who for the last
sixty years has formed part of the village
choir and has never missed a sinele Sunday,
though his services received no remuneration.
The King of Saxony conferred a decoration
upon this worthy singer on the day of his Jubi
lee.
Emperor William seems to be very well
pleased with Count yon Hochberg, general su
perintendent of the imperial theaters, for he
has just conferred upon him the hereditary
title of member of the Chamber of Peers of
Prussia. The new peer will continue to fulfill
his functions as superintendent of the Em
peror's theaters.
A grand concert will be given by Court Maz
zini^ No. 7809, A. O. F., next Sunday evening
In Washington-square Hall. A feature of the
performance will be a new orchestra con
ducted by F. Franzoni. The vocalists will be
Miss Casati, Signor Georgi, A. Danielo and
Si^nor G. Aljnagia. Professor Scbultheis will
.play a clarionet solo.
It is now announced thnt Woifson will not
attempt to keep any of Rosenthnl's con
cert dates this season. The pianist is con
valescent and hopes to move to Ashevllle,
N. C, early this month, but he is not in a con
dition to appear on the concert platform.
Sousa and his grand concert band are near
inc the coast and will appear both in San Fran
cisco and Oakland this month.
Mile. Cecile Charuinade. the pianist and pop- '
ular French composer, will mnke an American
tour next season in conjunction wiih Henri
Marteau, the French violinist. Henry Wolfson
will be their manager.
Largest variety chocolate creams Townsend's.
Special information daily to manufacturer^
business houses and public r.ir>n by the Preti
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.' i
Blynklns— That Jellow De Soaque sayssomei
very dry things, doesu't he? v*
Wynkins— Yes, I've heard him say "Don't
care il 1 do" repeatedly,— Baltimore Newt.
"Bbown'j Bronchial Troches" areasimple
yet most effectual remedy lor Coughs, Hoaraeness
and Bronchial Troubles. Avoid Imitations.
Mild, but always effective, Ayer's Pills are in
dispensable asaianilly medicine, both for children
and adulis,
The late Miss Mamie Dickens* book, "My
Father as I Recall Him," will soon be out, the
revision of the proofs having jiut been con
cluded by Mrs. Perugini. who was Miss Kate
Dickens.
tew to-»at:
ill "^
BakiNG i
POWDER
Absolutely Pure.
Celebrated for in treat leavening strength and
bealthfulness. Assures the food against alum and
all forms of adulteration common to the cheap
brand a.
#oxai. BAKiiJu POWV£B Co., votis, 'Wit a «_ M <£all
■THURSDAY FtBKUARY -i, 1H97
• . AMUSEMENTS.
0 Baldwlx TnEATEB.— "Adriennel.ecou\Teur.*
Cqix-MBiA THEATEB--lhe ProJlgal Father.
. Columbia Theater.— Symphony Concert this
afternoon. •
"Morocco's Opeka-Hocsic — "The Westerner."
'•'Au-azarThkaikk -A Legal Wreck."
• '.Tivoli "Opera House-- -Aladdin; or, The
Wonderful Lamp.
•"Orpueum.— High-Class Vaudeville.
''«> AtrniToßiUM— Kills and Mason streets—
•Lecture, by Prof. Albin Putzker.
• srrifo Baths— Bathing and I erformances.
Pacific Coast Jockkv Club.— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALfcS.
By Ixpiana Auction- Co.-Fridar. February
8. furniture, at 1057 MarKet St.. at 11 o'cloclc.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Statistics show a decline ol Japanese imini
gratlon to the United States.
The weather oflice has predicted rain for
to-day with boutheasteriy winds, changing to
westerly,
Sampson Tarns has sued Charles J. Swift for
$1045 50, with interest at 7 per cent a year
irom April 1, 1893.
The scope of the investigation concerning
the City and County Hospital Dy the Grand
Jury may be widened.
National bank stock cannot, in pursuance of
« decision of the Supreme Court made yester
day, be taxed in this s;ate.
Judge Coffey has set Monday, February 13,
as the time for provi::s the will of Alexander
H. LoughborougJi, ducoased.
Charles ri. Meyers, a bartender, 18 years of
age. was Arrested last night on a Charge of as
sault on Teresa Collins, aged 17.
The "Marquis de Beauharnals," or "Colonel"
A. P. Chauib.'r'.i!-.!, died a pauper at the City
and County Hospital last Monday evening.
Mrs. Catherine Cheuot was found dead at
-II Valencia street. Heart troubles and par
::al gas asphyxiation were the supposed causes.
• •The cross-examination of Benjamin F. Hud
elaon in the libe. suit against him was con
tinued before Judge Campbell yesterday after
noon.
In the divorce suit of Frances C. Bassett
against William F. Bassett the default of the
defendant has been entered in Judge Belcher's
.court. '
The Supreme Court yesterday affirmed the
decision of the trial court in the case of Wil
liam White, convicted of burglary in the first
degree. ■
Yesterday at noon Miss Hyman and Wilfred
Lawrence Mack were married in the parlors of
the verein, corner of Post and Leavenworth
Eireets.
E. W. Schubert, cashier of the Rush House,
departed suddenly under a cloud, but was ar
rested in Yums, Ariz., last evening, and will
hi brought back.
Secretary Holbrook of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children has again
•found It necessary to complain of the tricks
of dental students.
Dr. Kirke Stanley, a guest at the Baldwin
Hotel, had Eia Rollins, n young woman,
'arrested yesterday morning for stealing his
purse containing £75.
The. will of Moses Meyer, who left -property
worth $10,000, has been filed for pro Date.
The estate is bequeathed to the immediate
family of the testator.
L. G. Steel-2 <fe Co. yesterday filed a com
plaint against LU-vre, Kricke & Co., asking
for a revision of the award on account of in
fringement of trademark.
.Mrs. Anna Barbara Baumeister has filed the
will of the late John A. Baumeister for pro
bate. The entire estate, valued at $9000, is
bequeathed to the widow.
The Precita Valley Improvement Club has
asked the Supervisors to repeal a franchise
held by the Market-street Railway Company to
run cars on certain streets.
• The Supreme Court gave considerable time
ycsiarday to hearing Attorney Joseph Dunne
argue the case of Cretan and Becker, the con
victed Nevada Bank forgers.
Mrs. Lncinda Holstrom has applied for let
ters of guardianship over trie child Eva, who I
was removed from her custody by Officer
Frank J. Kane last Monday.
Elizabeth Corrigan died in this City leaving j
■property valued a: $5000. Thomas Paul Cor- '
Tigan and Mary Jane Heaney have applied for
letters of, administration on the estate.
The Panhandle and Ashbury Heights Im
prbvement Club instructed it's delegates to
i ho' associated clubs to oppose any increase in ,
ih"e pay, of the Police and Fire departments.
Miss Ha t tie Bloorr.ingdale and George A. !
Kline were married lust evening at 0 o'clock
at .the bride's residence, 1515 Gough street. i
Key. Dr. Voor ? anger officiated at the ceremony.
Ladies' day at Ineleside truck was well at
tended despite the inclemency of the weather.
Tne winning horses were: Satsuma, Yemen,
Schiller, Tuxedo, Aluminum and The Bache
lor,.
. President H. E. Law of the Van Ness-avenue
Improvement Club speaks in glowing lan- i
guage of the benefits, real and possible, to the
northern section of the. City since the organi
zation ot the club.
Delia Mangan, an incompetent person, who
is confined in the Menrtocino Insane Asylum,
has an estate worm .*7OOO. Thomas Mtingan
has applied to be appointed guardian ot her
person and estate.
The .members of Calvary Presbyterian
Church, at 11 meetinsr held last night, decided
to purchase 125x120 feet on the northwest
corner. of Jackson and Fillmore streets as a
new site for their church.
Brigadier-General Forsyth has called to the
attention 01 Mayor Phelan the fact that the
Glty and County has not lived up to the con
ditions upon which a part of the Presidio was
ceded, and asks that the conditions be fulfilled.
B. K. Collier, an attorney, has been arrested
on a charge of misdemeanor-embezzlement
He i* accused by a tailor named Naphtaly of.
liaving appropriated to his own use a small
collection made on behalf ot the complainant.
The Water Committee of the Board of Super
visors met yesterday afternoon and decided to
recommend the latter to meet in committee of
the while to discos 1 the affairs of the Spring
Valley Water Company with a view of fixing
rale* fer the ensuing year.
The contest over the directorship of the
Masonic Cemetery Association was concluded
yesterday by a large majority being polled for
fie ticket put forward by the administration.
The three directors elected are: Thomas Kyle,
George J.Hobe, F. W. G. Mot- bus.
■ Correspondence has taken place between
Mayor Phelari and Superior Judge Seawell
concerning the necessity of an Increase in the
number of Superior Judges In this City and
County. Judge Seaivell snvs that more Judges
.would be detrimental to public interests.
The Pavers' I'nion.
At a meeting of the Pavers' Union held last
Monday evening at their hall, 120 Ninth
street, the following resolutions, offered by
Tnomes Reagan, wore unanimously adopted :
Resolved, That the thanks of the Pavers'
Union of this City be extended to the Hon.
T. -E. Treacy (or the manly stand which he
ha» taken in the interest of the workingmen
of this State, and more especially for the City
and County of San Francisco.
' Ecaolved, That in the Hon. T. E. Treac7 we
find a stanch friend of the workingman, and
in his efforts to regulate the hours of labor
and prices to be paid for the same, we can
always rely on him as a safeguard to those in
whom our interests are centered
Baolved. That a copy of the forecoing be
spread on the minutes of this meeting and a
copy of the same be transmitted to him
Thomas O'Day (president), Thomas Reagan
(secretary), Thomas Sullivan, John McUee
Micbaol Glenn, committee on resolutions
Naijot Benefit.
The drawing for the pictures ani sketches
contributed by resident artists for the benefit
cf Ernest Narjot will take place at the Mark
Hopklflp Institute of Art on Saturday Febru
ary 6, at 4P. M. All iioiders oi tickets are in
vited to be present.
Turin Legislation.
The tariff schedule prepared by the local
tariff conference in Chamber of Commerce
Hallhas been put in a pamphlet embodying the
results of that meeting lor extensive circula
tion. The schedule and resolutions are now
before the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House and the Finance Committee of tho
'Senate.
Concerning Masonic Avenue.
The. Western Addition Improrement Clnb
has petitioned the Board of Supervisors to
Krade, sewer, curb and pave St. Joseph's ava
il ue between Geary and Turk streets. The pe
tition is signed by J. 11. Bowlan as president.
An Old Mail Mi»»inj.
The police are searching for Patrick Kenny,
'who disappeared from the Almshouse la*t
•week and lias not been heaid of since. He is
70 years of age, 5 i0e1714 inches high, gray
hair, beard and mujtacuc, broad shouldered
and deraenteJ.
BITTER TEARS OF
A FOSTER MOTHER
Mrs. Holstrom Weeps Over
the Loss of Her
Little One.
Dragged From Her Arms by
0 ficer Frank J. Kane Last
Monday Morning.
Acts of Brutality Alleged to Hay.-
Attended the Seizure of tha
Pretty B^by.
"They dragged ray baby from my arms,
and now they are going to take her away
so far that I'll never see her again,"
sobbed Mrs, Lucinda Holstrom in Judge
Troutt's court yesterday when the Judge
declared that he had np power to help the
grief-stricken woman who stood before
him.
It was one of those scenes so common in
the courts of the land, when a tender
hearted magistrate does not see his way
clear to extend the assistnnce he would
like to give, and when even if he did so
his act would entail sorrow on others, for
there are always two sides to a case like
this.
Mrs. Holstrom had suod out a writ of
habeas corpus for the recovery of a sweet
littis baby girl who is now something
more than 4 years oid.
Headers of The Call will remember the
account that appeared in these columns
several days ago concerning Mrs. Hol
strom's troubles. Sne obtained possession
of a child by rayinj; $10 to the mother, or
rather to the attending doctor, and sup
posed she wouldjjnev»r;be disturbed intbit
Possession. The written contract totuat
effect was witnessed by Dr. Marion
Thrasher and others, but Mrs. Holstrom
neglected to take cut formal letters of
or adoption and thm is why
she :s mourning the loss of the little one
she has cherished so lone.
Frank J. Kane, an oflicer of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Cnildren,
was cited to appear and show cause why
he did not deliver tne chiid, Eva K. V.
Holstrom, to hei foster mother.
Airs. Holstrom in presenting her peti
tion for the writ alleged : "That said child,
who is now a little over 4 years of age, was
given to your petitioner in said City and
County when it was only six days old "by the
mother, who was an unmarried woman,
I and your petitioner for more than
i four years lasi past has nur
tured, maintained and carei for
said child; and said child iias never known
any other mother than >our petitioner;
that on the Ist day of February, 1897. Frank
j J. Kane, under the fraudulent and fa!>e
i pretense that your petitioner was not a fit
and prorer person to have the custody of
said child, forcibly and without richt and
without cause seized and carried away said
child from the custody of your petitioner
to the great detriment and injury of said
child."
In Mr. Kane's reply he said he was not
! able to comply witn any order of Judpe
j Troutt to produce the body of the chiid in
i court for the reason mat ne gave the lit
■ tie one to its mother on the Ist of Febrn
j ary at the corner of Seventeenth and
Howard streets, before Mrs. Holstrom be
gan her habeas corpus proceedings.
Attorney Daley wanted to have the
writ dismissed at once, but the court
I allowed Attorney Leonard S. ClarK to
I cross-examine Mr. Kane. The officer tes
i titled that he gave the little girl to her
i n. other at the corner of Seventeenth and
I Howard utreet* last Monday. He doesn't
know the mother's present name, doesn't
know where she lives, does't Know where
the child is now, and could not find her.
The child's mother is now married and
wants her child.
"So you put this child into the custody
LITTLE EVA HO STROM, Who Was Taken From Her Foster
Mother.
of a person unknown to you?' demanaed
Mr. Clark.
"Yes."
"Is that your way of doing business for
the Society of Prevention of Cruelty to
children?" again sneered Mr. Clark.
Mr. Kane objected to the question, and
he was sustained by the court. He did
not like to tell what the name o: the
child's mother was before lier marriage.
He did not know that she was ever photo
graphed at a Mission gallery in a nude
condition.
"All these niattors will come up before
Jud<:e Coffcy in the application for guar
dianship, I suppose, and it is therefore
not necessary to go into them here," said
Judge Troutt, ami the writ was dismissed.
That was why Mrs. Hol^troru was weep
ing as if her heart would break, and why
between her sobs she vowed that she
would never give up the struggle to regain
possession of the little oue who was torn
so ruthlessly from her arms.
Ii Mrs. Holstrom'e story is true, and it
is supported by the testimony of half ■
dozen witnesses, Mr. Kane does not ap
pear in a very enviable light, so far as this
occurrence is concerned.
Th« grief-stricken woman said: "Mr.
Kane came in and said be wanted to see
me, and when he got sight of the child, he
grabbed her by the back of her clothes in
a rude and furious manner. He was as
fierce as a tiger, and the baby was almost
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1897.
scared to death. She clung to me and
screamed with lright tili she was black in
the face. On my Knees 1 bogged permis-
I lion to kiss my baby good-by— tny little
I baby that I had taken to my heart when
, its own rnotner cast it off— and he refused
Ime even that. He yelled for mo to stand
, back, "For you are not its mother,' he
said. But lam \\a molner in love, and
the little one knows it, for she clung to me
with bo.h hands, and he lmi to pound
her liitle amis wich his great lists belore
j he could make her let go. Oh, it was
dreadful, but he showed me his tiricer's
I star, and threatened to call tne patrol
wagon and "bundle us all to the jus,' as
he expressed it, if we didn't quit talking to
i him.
"It wa? only about 8 o'clock in tne
morning, and my little one was not
dressed to go out, but this man wouldn't
even let me put on her cloak or her bood.
He teemed awfully anxious to get nold of
the child. My fat: c.- was there and I
asked him to go with them, for Kane
brought the baby's mother to the door.
When th° little one saw my father it was
comforted somewhat, but it held out its
hands to me an 1 wanted me to take it.
"I was so dazed an I so intimidated that
I didn't know what to do. 1 ought to nave
tracked them to see what they did with
my darling, but I let them pet away, and
now we may never meet again."
The lady's friends gathered uround her
and attempted to comfort her, but she
seemed inconsolable, for she Oelieves the
child will be spirited out oi San Francisco
and beyond the jurisdiction of the Probate
Court. Mrs. Holstrom haa the appear
ance of being a good, respectable woman
and the testimony of her friends is that 1
she leads a blameless Ufa.
William A. Lightfoot, a fine-looking old
gentleman, whose eye- were tear-stained,
corroborated the lady's statement. "This
is ray daughter," he said, placing his
hand affectionately on Mrs. Ilolstrom's
shoulder. "She lives with me and my
wife at 4761£ Eighth street, where Kane
found the baoy. She is a good woman,
industrious, gentle and everything that a
mother should be. She is periectly de
voted to her little baby, and you ought to
see the big supply of baby clothes that she
lias made with her own hands for our
Eva. We all love the little thing as much
as if she were our very own, as in feet she
seems to be, and I say it is an outrage lor
Kane to drag her from her home in that
brutal manner.' 1
"Yes, aittr all these years," said Mrs.
Ho. strom, "it seems strange that tne
mother should so suddenly want her
back. AVhen I took her I told her that
she might see the baby whenever she
wanted to, but .-he renlied that she never
wanted to see it or hear of it ngnin."
Attorney Clark is not satisfied with
Judjje Troutt's decision and will take out
another petition for habeas corpus, prob
ably before Judee Carroll Cook. He thinks
that asOmcirKane took the chila from
its home that he'is the proper person to
produce it In court. He will cite some de
cisions of the higher courts to sustain this
position. If any cflicer could shirk re
sponsibility in thit way, Mr. Clark says,
the purpose of the writ of habeas corpus
could ba defeated by any person who was
venturesome enougn to commit acts like
that of Otlicer Kane.
Mrs. Holstroin's petition for guardian
ship and adoption will, be called for hear
ing in Judge Coffey's court 011 the 9th
mat. In addition to otuer matters she
will ask the court to enter a judgment of
abandonment as against the mother
of the child. In some cases it ha
been held that a year's neglect has been
sufficient to establish legal abandonment.
Mrs. Holstroni exhibited a photograph
of the chiid Eva. The picture was taken
about a year ago, and shows as pretty a
baby as one would wish to see. There is
no wonder that two mothers desire the
ustody of such a chilj.
ROBBED OF HIS PURSE.
Dr. Kirk* Stanley, a Guest at the Bald
win Hotel, Has a Voting Woman
Arrested.
Eda Rollins, a handsome young womnn,
was arrested in a house on Mason street
yesterday mornina: by Policeman W. W.
Wilson and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of grand larceny.
The complaining witness against her is
Dr. Kirke Stanley, a guest at the Baldwin
Hotel, and he swore to a complaint charg
ing her with stealing his purse, contain
ing $75. The case was called In court and
continued till Saturday morning.
The jrounp woman' 3 bonds were fixed
in $.000, or $1000 cash, and, to the sur
prise of everybody in court, the $1000 was
promptly deposited with the clerk of the
court and the Judge signed an order for
ncr discharge.
After tiie court adjourned, Dr. Stanley
asked for information. He wanted to
know if the money was returned to him
would ti.e case be dropped. He hinteu
thut such an offer had been made to bin.
The Judge threatened to detain him in
prison as a witness unless he would con
sent to appear in court on Saturday, and
ho pledged his word that he would.
No More Prize Packages.
The Treasury Department has issued an
order relative to a practice prevalent among
foreign shippers of tea intended for this coun
try, of placing dutiable goods in the same
packages with tea. These articles consist of
chinaware, transparencies, etc., and are
intended as gifts to the retail purchasers.
This practice the department holds to be un
lawful under the tariff laws, inasmuch as it
prevents an examination of the goods and fa
cilitates frauds upon the revenue. The in-
ructions are to take possession of packages
of tea containing merchandise and notify me
persons concerned that no such packages wilt
be admitted to entry except for immediate
exportation.
Panhokn, Vail & Co. do all kinds of Printing
and Engraving. Visiting Card*, Envelope!,
Bill and Letter Heads and Statements. Sole
agents tor Herohire Typewriting Papers. Toe
trade supplied. Special prices to large con
sumers, •
AS THE CLOCK
STRUCK TWELVE
Nuptials of Miss Sadie
Hyman and Wilfred
L. Mack.
Married at the Verein in a
Bower of Violets and
Daff:di:s.
Dr. Voorsanger Offic ates at the Wed
ding of Miss Blccmingdale
and G A. X inc.
Yesterday as the City bells chimed the
noon hour Miss Sadie Hy man and Wil
fred Lawrence Mack pledged their troth,
for better or for worse, till death do them
part.
The wedding of the hapvy young couple
was solemnized in the handsome parlors
of the Verein at the corner of Post and
Leavenworih streets in the presence of a
hundred invited guests.
It was a violet wedding. Violets were"
used in the elaborate decorations of the
hall, and the contracting parties stood in
a bower of the fragrant little blossoms
while Dr. Voorsanger read the impressive
bridal service.
The bride was attended by her sister,
MUs Agnes Hyman, who officiated as
maid of honor, and Eugene Korn was best
man.
Six litUe tots, representative balles and
beans of the future, attired in spotless
white, led the bridal procession. They
were: Master GersiJe Mack end Miss
Mildred Levy, Master Gerald Schlessr
inger and Miss Ethel Levy, Master Arthu-
Lebenbaum and Irene Mack.
The bride's gown was an exquisite crea-
MR. AND MRS. GEORGE A. KLINE (formerly Miss Hattie Bloomingdale).
tion of white tulle over white satin. The
corsase was finished with a bolero of
point lace. A wreath of orange blossoms
confined the veil to The coiffure. She car
ried a bouquet of white orchids and lilies
o! the valley.
Mi« Azn'es Hyman, the maid of honor,
wore a dainty gown of white organdie
over pale violet satin. She cnrried a bou
quet of violets and golden daffodils.
.Mr. and Mrs. Mack will spend their
honeymoon in the southern part of the
State.
Standing under a canopy of bride's
roses and acacia. Mitt llattie Blooming
aaie and George A. Kline were niorried
last evening at G o'clock at the bride's
residence, 1815 Gough street. Rev. Dr.
Voorsan^er orhciatinp.
Miss Rita Lewisand Miss Jessica Enp
stein were the bridesmaids. The bride
wore an elegant gown of white tulle over
white satin. The jupe was made en train
and ttie corsage finished off with a ruche
and jabot of point lace.
The bridesmaids were attired alike in
white organdie orn pink silk.
Mr. and Mrs. Kline will spend their
honeymoon at Del Monte, and on their
return will make their home at the Palace
Hotel. The bridal presents were unusu
ally handsome and co*tl} T and comprised
much river, crystal, rare bric-a-bric and
works oi art.
HER DEATH ACCIDENTAL.
The Police Believe Mrs. Hal!
Took an Overdose .of
Poison.
H r HtnbaDd, Who Was Arrested
Pi- I. ding an Investigate n, Was
Discharged.
The police made an inveatieation Into
the death of Mrs. Robert Hill Tuesday
with the result that her husband was,
by order of Captain Lees, discharged from
custoJy.
Mr*. Hall had been t ubject to periodical
spells of intense puin, and foi her relief
Dr. J. \V. Frost prescribed about a year
ago morphine and ntrophine tablet*.
Her husband is employed as a teamster
for the Morton Delivery Company, and
Monday morning he and his wife had
breakfast together at their home on Dia
mond and Surrey streets, near Bunnyside,
and then he left for his work.
Mrs. Hall came into the City and called
upon her sister-in-law, agreeing to see
her again yesterday afternoon. About 7
o'clock Monday niulit she went into a
butcher-shop on Thirtieth street, near San
Jose avenue, and bought some meat.
6he asked for a glass of water, and it is
supposed she put scmo of the tablets in
the water, probably too many.
Tliree hours later she was discovered in
a doorway nenr the butcher-shop in an
unconscious condition and was tnken to the
Seventeenth-street station in the patrol
wagon. Captain Litten sent her to the
Receiving Hospital and when her pockets
were searched a vial, which had contained
tho tablets was found tnd a prescription
from Dr. Frost dated February 2, 189&
A memorandum book was aho found in
her pocket which contained her address.
Dr. l*i izjjibbon came to the conclusion
that the woman was suffering from mor
i nine and atropbine j o:son and that sLa
won't! die.
Captain Giilen was notified about the
prescription and address and He sent an
officer to Dr. Frost, «rho at once suspected
the woman was Mr?. Hall. The enptain
also sent to Diamond and Surrey streets
and Hall was foun 1 asleep in bed. He
hurried to tlie hospital, arriving thore
shortly before 1 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. He at once identified his wilt, and
her father E N. Bush, 417 Hayes street,
was sent lor. Hall Also sent a back for
Dr. Frost.
Dr. fltzgibbon interrogated Hall and.
notified Captain Gilien that he had made
contradictory statements, and that the
case was mysterious. The captain thought
it advisable to hold Hail pending an in-
vestigation, and be telephoned Lieutenant
BirdsalJ to place Hail under arrest. Po
iiceman McShune came to the hospital,
arrested Hail, put the handcuffs on him
and took him to the Central Police Sta
tion. Lieutenant Bird«a!l ordered the
handcuffs taken off Hall's wrists, and,
after communicating with Captain Gilleu,
Hall was sent b.ick to the Receiving Hos
pital in charge of Policeman Coogan, so
that he could be at the bedside of his dy
ing wife. After her death he was locked
up in the tanks.
Hull said he knew his wife was taking
something to relieve her pain, but he did
not know whether she took 'ablets or not.
They had been married for seven years.
His wife became addicted to drink to re
lieve her pain, and finally she had to take
medical advice.
When he got home Monday nisht after
his day's work hit wife wad not there, and
thinking she might have pone dovntown
and would not return till late, as she had
often done before, he cooked his supper,
ate it nnd went to bed. There was nothing
to lead her to commit suicide.
Detective Reynolds was detailed on the
case, and Captain Gilien detailed Corporal
Shanahan also to make an investigation.
After hearing Shanaiian's report Captain
Gilien advised that Uall should be dir
charged, and as noon as Captain Lees, who
was engaged in the Cooney case, was noti
tied of the circumstances he at once signed
an order for Hall's release.
Mrs. Hall's body was taken to the
Morgue and her stomach will be subjected
to a chemical analysis, after which an in
quest will be held.
JUDGE WALLACE SCORED.
Attorney Dunne Presents the Case of
Creegau anil Becker Before the
Supreme Court.
Attorney Josepn Dunne made an elab
orate argument before the Supreme Court
yesterday on the appeal of James Creegan
and Charles Becker, the Nevada Bank
forgers, who were sentenced to life im
prisonment by Judge Wallace.
The law and facts of the case were dis
enssed at length, and many alleged error 3
of Judge Wallace were held up to view.
Judge Wallace was characterized as rul
ing against the defendants at every oppor
tunity, thus preventing them from intro
ducing considerable evidence in their
favor. Accomplice Dean was represented
as a man of inveracity, and his evidence
as a consequence worth nothing at all.
Furthermore Dunne was of the belief that
it had been presented only to please the
police.
Numerous points of law were presented
in conclusion, when a new trial of the
men convicted as forcers was asked.
The arguments of Attorney Dunne were
replied to by a representative of the Attor
ney-General. The prosecution believes
j the appeal will not be needed for three or
! four months.
Meanwhile Creegan and Becker grow fat
in the County Jail from inactivity and
good living, while Dean lives well at tne
City Prison. Tue latter hopes that when
! the cases of his associates are finally dis
i posed of he himself will be permitted to
! breathe the air of freedom.
SWIMMING AND SHOOTING.
Kellnnce Gun Club J'.lect Officers—Xata
* torial Contests In the Christian '
Association Building.
An audience numbering LX)O people wit
nes*-ed an exhibition of swimming and
diving civen by the Triangle Swimmers
in the Young Men's Christian Association
tank last evening. The programme, under
the direction of 11. L. Dietz, was as fol
lows : Illuminated minuet, J. A. Geddes,
leader; lifty-yard race, F. D. Worrell end
J. A. Jackson; blindfolded race, Stern
benr. Harris and Geudes; 100-yard race,
McDougail and Koundtree ; doughnut
race, Brewer, Carle an<l Sternberg; ob
stacle race. Jackson, Brewer, Worrell,
Harris, McDougal!, Round tree; three
legged race, Geddes and Worrell vs. Mc-
Dougall and Roundtree ; old-clothes race,
Worrell, Jackson. Kiurmann, McDougail,
Geddes; diving for objects from spring
board, members of the club.
The beautiful diamond medal for the
best all-around swimmer, diver and com
edian of the evening was won by H. F.
Brewer. The medal was donated by Stew
art McDougail.
The Reliance Gun Club of Oakland held
its annual meetin;; and election of officers
on Tuesday evening last. The following
well-known sportsmen were elected : Hon.
J. O. (.'adman, president; Colonel Sheldon
I. Kellogg, vice-prrsident; W. B. leaver,
cautain; G. Berry, secretary ; H. A. Tubbs,
treasurer; board of directors — J. O. Cad
man. William ri. Seaver, H. A. Tubbs, E.
Olscn and F. Scuriber. The meeting was
well attended, and the trap-shooting sea
son that is about to open promises to be a
most successful one with the Reliance
Club.
Horn Jack«oii's Will Probated.
Judge Slack admitted the will of the late
J. Ross JacKson to probate yesterday. Garret
McEnerney appeared as attorney for the exec
utor, \V. P. Lawlor. The widow anddattgnter
of the testator are to take all the property be
longing to the estate.
Xot "Little Pete's" Money.
Judge Slack has given permission to Mrs.
Chun LI, widow of Fong Chinp (Little Pete),
to disclaim all inter**: in $2312 90 in the
firm name of Hum, Yuen_& Co., aepoaited
with lilt Anglo-Californian iiant.
Insolvent Warrhuuaeman,
Charles L. Taylor, a storage warehouseman
at 204 Post street, has filed a petition in in
solvency. His debts amount to $11,130 15,
assets $498.
GONE TO JOIN
HIS FATHERS
The Marquis de Beauharnais
Dies Destitute and
Alone.
H? Failed to Profit on a Good
Invention by His Im
postures.
Remarkable Career of Him Who
Claimed Relationship With
Empress Josephine.
Eugene de Beauharnais, "Marquis" and
adventurer, is no more. Death Has ended
a career marked with genius but marred
by imposture.
De Beauharnais' real name wag A. P.
Chamberlain, and he was an ex-Confed
erate soldier, but for years past the
i man's escapades and peculiar claims have
made him an object of discussion on two
continents.
Little ia known about his life's history
other than that he was a Southerner and
77 years of age. During the war he served
as a blockade runner and claimed to have
I a general's commission.
When the war ended he hied himself to
I Europe, where he lived principally by the
exercise of shrewd wits. Here and about
this time it was that he pounced into the
title of Marquis and held with it tena
ciously even till his soul crossed the Sty
cian river into the boundaries of another
worid.
His father, he said, was cousin to the
first husband of the Empress Josephine,
and he also claimed possessions of that
family in dispute in Louisiana.
This claim was a fertile source of In
come to Dim, as he used it in all ilia busi
ness dealings. He found many persons
incautious enough to listen to his smooth
tongue, and as a result they were kept
cnasing the ignis famus of tteir hopes.
When Cnamberiain lir^t arrived in this
City, in 1895, he was accompanied by John
If. Beatty and his son, Herbert Beatty.
1 The trio stayed at the Palace Hotel and re
, ceivcd daily columns in the local press.
When it was discovered that in reality
| the self-styled Marquis was an itinerant
! peddler of a process for utilizing crude
I petroleum in developing power, however,
he was given a wide berth.
The tide of his fortunes gradually fell
to low-water mark. Either the climate j
suited him or he was never able to secure
, enough coin to leave San Franchco, for
i here he remained until" the day of his
i death. He was put out of lodgings on
McAllister street for failure to pay his
; bills and his trunk held as security.
t?inca that time he has lived at the Alex
andria, on Sutter street, the proprietor of
which was not only too kind-hearted to
' turn him out upon the streets, but even
advanced $35 to redeem his trunk.
Last autumn ho w»-nt to Oakland and
I was wooed by Mrs. Virginia Conrad t. a
I demented woman who thought he was
| iroing to marry her, and when he failed to !
! put in an appearance at the hour she iin- I
agined the ceremony was to take place, !
! Mrs. Conradt's dementia assumed so vio- ]
lent a form that it was found necessary to
incarcerate her in the Stockton Insane
| Asylum.
The "Marqii'Y " invention for the utili
zation of petroleum as a development of
power is pronounced excellent by experts,
but he n?ver tried to matte it pay ss he
! should. Evidences of his own insanity
are shown in the fact that he insisted that
mew to-pat:
You can get good tea
from your grocer, and he
will return your money in
full if you don't like it.
. Schillings Best Japan is
quite as fine as any dollar
tea in the market, and is not
colored.
A Schilling & Company
San KraiK-'s-n W,
XEWT 10-DAT-AMCSEMESTS.
m m dt^ m mm m b« t What is the General Ver-
Al PJI7AD diet? 'That we please a I
HLIIII# Ull our patrons." ISrcaiise
** ■■»■■ 'LLwe competitors.
Don't Fall to See the Comedy-Drama,
"A LEGAL WRECK!"
BealUtlcally Mounted! Artistically Played !
HUGO TOIL AND, J. B. FOLK
And All the Favorites.
Oar Regular Trices. Phone tor Seats— Black 991
NEW TO-DAY.
•J#* "Pretty
; /jr® Piii"
' Y says
I. Pretty
*A* Poll
She's just "poll parroting."
There's no prettiness in pills,
except on the theory of "pretty
is that pretty does." In that
case she's right.
Ayer's Pills
do cure biliousness, constipation,
and all liver troubles.
at the Paris Exposition, billed for WOO, his
invention would be the wonder of^the age.
Two weeks ago he suffered a stroke of
I paralysis, and was taken to the City and
County Hospital January 2s. lie was
found to be suffering from* a complication
of dbeases, and died at 11 p. m. Monday
last. To the last he maintained his rela
tionship to the Empreas Josephine, and
had for so long that he had prooablv
grown to believe it himself.
He will be buried in Laurel Hill Ceme
tery tc-dav, the funeral ceremonies taking
place at 781 Slitter street at 2p. m. llh
secretary and devoted friend, a young
Egyptian named Eniil Schmeil, claims
that he will pay all expenses of inter
ment.
The statement mode in an evening
paper that the Marquis was in the habit
of purloining small articles around the
hotel could not be verified.
KEW TO-D AT — AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
AJ-iiAYMAjt & to. (lccorporataJ) .froprlata.'i
Last Week. Last Three Nights. Last Hatinee
:lvec>:d3":h3&:kla.
/ Assisted by JOSEPH HAWOUTIIaud the
com pie. company.
This (Thursday) Evening-One Special
Performance,
•* ADKIENNE LECOUVREUR."
Friday Night and Saturday Matinee,
3VE^a.n.?sr sttjaht.
Saturday Night, Farewell-MACBETU.
EXTRA-NEXT WEEK,
The Eminent Actor. MR.
LOUIS JAMES
And a Superior Company.
Management WaGEMu'ls and KK.MPER.
, Entire First Week— Magnificent Production of
BFARTAOUS.
SKATS READY TO- DAY.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIS (Thursday) AFTERNOON at 3:30.
FIRST SIMON CONCERT!
OKCHESTKA OF 55!
GUSTAV HINKICHS. Conductor.
SOI_iOIST,
Ratlierinc Flemraing-llinriclis. Contralto.
GREAT PItOtiRAMMK!
Admission, SI.OO mid sOc.
_____
niCOLAnntR.OOTTLOD icp-u St3 aho runAStRJ ■ • •
EVERYBODY TALKS OF IT! —
It Is ?»o Uproariously Funny!
"THE PRODIGAL FATHER
The Greatest Mirth-Provoking Farce-Comedy
Kver Writ en.
NEXT MONDAY EVENING,
CHARLES HOPPER «
The original Company. All th« Original Scenery
and Effects. Seats now on sale.
TIVOLr OPERA-HOUS2
Mb&Kkxkbtixx Kiiki.tv ». Proprietor^ Manager
THIS EVENING
tar AT 8 _s»
OUR UP-TO-DATE EXTRAVAGANZA,
ALADDIN,
Or, THE WONDERFUL LAMP.
A Hodge-Podge of
Mirth, Music, Itallet and Beauty.
See "L» Danse den Fleurs Klectriqueil"
(The Latest Sensation).
The Flouting Palace in Midair!
The Six Little Tailors !
The Superb Ballet of Cleopatras!
The New and Novel Specialties!
Ponuln- Prices 25c and sO(j
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO...SOIO Lessee and Manata:
FIRST PRODUCTION ON THIS COAST
Of the Successful Comedy Drama,'
"THE WESTERNER!"
An Intensely Rxclting Plav, Full of Heart Int«r-
est. A story of the Sioc* Board.
Charming Music! Graceful Dancing!
Delightful Comedy t
HvenlnT Prices— lOe, 2.%0 and nti.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
. .
AN EXTRAORDINARY PROGRAMME!
GUIIjIj S3,
The World's Greatest TKXOR.
WAR and CUR KAN', America's Funniest Men.
ALCIDE CAPITAINK, BESSIE CLAYTON,
THE FRANK FAMILY ■
AND NOV'ELTIKX WITHOUT END!
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony 10c: Opera cnairs
and Box Seals, 50c.
SPECIAL.— CaIIs by telephone will be answered
until 8 o'clock every "evening.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(iNGLESIDE TRACK).
Tbtonly Perfect Winter RacetracK m America.
RACIXG *g&gk*z. RACL\O
Racing From Monday, Jan. «5, to Satur-
day, February C, Inclusive.
Fire or More Races Daily,- Rain or Shine.
FIRST If A CIS AT 3 P. M.
Take Southern Pacific trains at Thirl nnl
Townsend sis. depot, leaving at 1 and 1:20 P. it
Fare for Round Trip, including Ad-
mission to Grounds. 91.00.
Take -Missions' electric line direct to trace
The Tarpey stakes Saturday. January 30.
The Hobarl Stakes Saturday, February 6.
A. is. .-U'JiJh.cKEL,-*, l'resldaat.
W. P. Lkakk. secretary. '
FIRST LECTURE ON "SCHILLER."
PROFESSOR ALBIX PUTZKER
Of the University of California will lecture on
"jSCHILLKR 1 * UFK" at 8 o'clock THIIS EVEN-
i^(i, Association Bo tiding, cor. Mason and Kills
.it*. Tills 13 tne rirsj. lecture of the course. Ad-
mission, '25 cents.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily From 7 A. si. to 6 P. M.
Swimming Season 1897.
Bathing, Including Ad mUnion— Adults
25c. Children sue.
General Admission, 10c; Children, So*
78
HOEFER IS
HOME AGAIN
A Californian Who Has
Won Fame and Fortune
Abroad.
HE TELLS ABOUT SOUTH
AFRICA.
His Story of the Growing In
terest in Our Mines in France
and in England.
SOMETHING ABOUT OLD-TIME
KESIDi)NTS.
Hamilton Smith's Sudden Return to
London— -Buying of th: Siiv.r Bow
Basin and Tomboy Mines.
Eugene Hoefer of South Africa, the con
fidential lieutennnt of Hamilton Smith in
many mining affairs and manager of great
properties on the LU.k Continent, is at the
Palace, accompanied by Mrs. Hoefer. Mr.
Hoefer is a Califoniian by long residence
and education. He came here in early
boyhood, attended the Washington Gram
mar .School and the Boys' High School,
linally graduating at Berkeley. In IS-<8 he
left here for South Africa and hasnoi been
l>hck till now. During his absence he has
acquired a comfortable fortune.
liv is absent from South Africa on a
six months' leave of absence, and will
probably be in California two or three
months, He haa not come on mining
business, but if there should be any reason
way lie should visit any mine or district
here he will do so. Mr. Iloefer is general
manager of the Transvaal CioJJ Mining
Estates, tho Giynns Lyenburg Limited
and other companies in me Pilgrims Rest
district, 260 miles eaut of Johannesburg.
'J his property is owned by Wehner, Beit
& Co. of London. Mr. Jseii is3aid to be
the wealthiest of all the men who have
made intestmenU in Houth Africa.
Mr. Iloefer when he left here went first
to Johannesburg and then to Damaraland,
where he was connected with some iiu
purwint copper properties. Then he went
to Johannesburg and finally went on an
extended trip of exploration through
Matab.leland. He accompanied John
Hays Hammond on i>art of bia trip
when he «et out for Buluwayo. Altogether,
he has ha>i many interesting experiences.
"The excitement over South African
mining share- in London and Paris has
died down a good deal." said Mr. Hoefer.
"They were too high, of course; but
when 1 was in Paris 1 took occasion to
assure some of the stockholders there that
bo i'ar as the investments in I'ilgrims
ll'-s; properties were concerned they were
all right. I told them that they would
come out all right on them, and they will.
"The main reason why 1 have been en
abled to i>et away to California at this
time is because of a disease among the
caale wheie I am engaged in mining.
Pilgrims Kest is about sixty miles from
tne railroad, and we have to use bullocks
to haul the freight. As the Cattle in trav
eling spread the disease it was deemed
best to put a sort of quarantine on them.
Am we coul'i get no ireight through, and
therefore could not do much, we con
cluded to close down for a little while.
"While the interest among London min
ing investors has not changed toward
Boath Africa and Australia it has greatly
increased as regards California. A few
years aso, when I first went over there,
almost no attention was paid the Califor
nia mines, but now it is very different.
The gold mines htfe stand well in Eng
land, and much caoital will be invested
hern I have no doubt.
"Thomas Mem is the resident represent
ative here of the powenul British invest
ors headed by the Rothsctiilds. These
people have late y bougnt two mining
properties here. One is the Silver Bow
Basin property in Alaska, and the other
is the Tomboy in Colorado. 1 have no
doubt they will buy other properties
whenever they are convinced they are
getting eood ones.
"Hamilton Smith, who has been in the
United States for some time — mainly in
the East— sailed from New York for Lon
don on January 20. I had expected to
come over here in the same boat with
him, and we exchanged .some dispatches
regarding it, but I could not get re»dy in
time. Ido not know whether he expects
to return and come to the Pacific Coast or
not. Mr. Mem, however, has charge of
everything here."
Mr. Hoefer looks on California as a
great held lor investment. He has mar
ried during his absence, nis wife bein,r an
English lady, and she is here for the first
time. Mr. Hoefer says the improvement
in San Francisco, especially as regards
the erection of treat buildings, is very
marked. He says, 100, that goods are
sola here very cheaply, much cheaper
tnan he expected, and some even cheaper
than in Europe.
Mr. Hoefer's relatives reside here and
he will spend some time in visiting them,
and he will before bis return visit different
parts of the Slate.
Wehner, Beit & Co., who own the mines
of which Mr. Hoeier has the general man
agtment, are part purchasers of the Silver
Bow Basin and Tomboy mines. Mr.
rioefer. though in South Atrica during
tiie famous Jameson raid and all that led
up to it, kept clear ot it all. He met John
Hays Hammond frequently in London,
but does not know wheu he may come to
this country.
DANISH BbNEVOLENOE.
'Ihe Ladles' Kellef Society Holds Its
Annual Meeting.
The annual , meeting of the Danish
Ladies' Relief Society of San Francisco
was held at Norden's Hall on January 4.
The secretary rendered the following re
port:
rush in the treasury January 1, 1800.
$503 71; receipts Jrom dues. .flb9 75; receipts
Irom entertainment* $133 35; receipts from
donations, interest, etc. $153; total, $1284 81.
Paid out lor and a.»stsunce rendered destitute
families, $518 25; sundry expenses. $5; ioui,
BS2B 25; leaving a balance in the treasury
January 1, 1807, of $701 50. ..
The. following oilicers were, installed for
the ensuing year; President, Mrs. CM.
Sorcnson; first vice-president, ' Mrs.
Bluhme; second vice-president, Mr?.
Hope; financial secretary, Miss H. Kiel
son; treasurer. T. Mikkleson; recording
secretary, 8. Federspiel; assistant secre
t-ary, J. Topp; marshal, J. Peterson; book
keeper, 11. Jacobson.
Mir Sailing l>at« of the Monowai.
The Postoffice has been advised that the
Australian mails (or dispatch by the steamer
-Monowai, arriving by the Umbri* on Sunday
last, left New York Sunday evening nt 9
o'clock, and are duo to arrive In San Francisco
on the morning of Friday, February 5. .The
departure of the steamer, set for Thursday at
2 o'clock p. m.. will there-fore be postponed
until Friday at 2 o'clock P. m.
Kanborn. Vail & Co. have the best Leather
Goods Department in San Francisco. Always
something new la Ladies' I'ocketbooks. Alli
gator Sags, Valises, Card Cases, mil Books, etc.
DR. COYLE DEFENDS THE REVIVAL.
The Eloquent Pastor of the First Presbyterian Church in Oakland
Likens the President of Stanford University to a
Chameleon*
Dear Sir : In your address at Berkeley last Sunday morn ing you are reported to nave said: "Stimulant* produce tem
porary insanity; whisky, cocaine and alcohol brin^ temporary insanity, and bo does a revival of religion— one of those revivals in
«h:ch men 10.-c all their reason and self-control. This is simply a form of drunkenness no more worthy of respect than the I
drunkenness which lies in putters." That, I submit, is very remarkable language wnen the man making it and his subject are j
considered. It would be difficult to imagine anything more full of prejudice and misrepresentation, not to say ignorance. "The I
sober mind" is well balanced; free from heat and extravagance in utterance, fair
and honest and impartial in its judg ments— qualities wholly wanting in your
contemptuous flmg at revivals. It is of a piece with the superficial and disdainful
remark you made two or three ye tr* ago in the course of your address before the
State Teachers' Association in thi« City. In that address you declared, in substance,
that religion i 3 only the debris of the dreams of our grandmothers.
When the time and place and occa sion of your latest deliverance as touching
revivals are taken into accourt the ut most charity finds it hard not to conclude
that it was made with malice aforethought. Does it belong to the "sober mind" to
pour contempt upon the feelings and scoff at the wort and ihe cherished beliefs of a
very Jnrsre number of excellent people? Or does it argue the possession of that finely
["i,- (1 judgment and calm kindliness of spirit which characterize treat souls to in
duige in a learn- d sneer in the presence of young men and women from Christian
homes — young men and women to who>e parents that religion wi.ich believes in re
vivals is still most precious? To these, air. and tens of thousands ot evangelical
Christians in California and elsewhere your words are an insult, without pallia
tion or excuse. I have been in a good many revivals, and I have yet to see one
in which "men lose all their reason and seif-control." But I have known some
■cofbng criiics to employ language in condemnation of them which did not con
tain the remotest sugeestion of "the sober mind."
If tliere were nny undue excitement 'or any loss of reason and self-control in re
ligious matters in this section of tbe coun try your wholesale sneer might have some
point. Bal when the moot marked thing about religion in thia entire region is its
deadness, when rev.vals on tins coast are so few and far between and so much
needed, we can only conclude that you went to Berkeley last Sunday mornine pre
pared to attack just such a religious move ment as the one now in progress in Oak
land and to cast a slur upon ah revivals and all revival effort in which evangelical
Christians engage. Their religious earnestness in trying to arrest men In their sins by unusual methods, to reclaim the wander
ing, to woo the drunkard from his cups and turn the straying about with their faces toward God you characterize as "a form of
drunkenness no more worthy of respect than the drunkenness which lies in gutteis." Words more untrue, more unmanly, more
un?cien:ific, more lmmoderataand more unbecoming the president of a university it would indeed be difficult to conceive.
Bat, learned sir, permit me to remind you tbat your deliverance on revivals is not only void of truth, but lacking even in
the merit of originality. On a certain memorable occasion long ago, when Christianity was about to launch away on its world
conquering career; when, after ten days of praying and waiting in the upper room, Pentecobt came with Its baptism of fire, and
the disciples "spake in other tongues as the spirit gave them utterance," there were scoffer* present, self-righteous men, Scribes
aud Pharisees, proud, no doubt, of their superior culture and attainments, intellectually puffed up, who mockingly said, "These
men are full of new wine." You see, therefore, how history repeats itself and tbe lineage in which yon stand. Your scornful
strictures upon revivals agree exactly with what those ancient mockers felt and thought as they bebe.d that wonderful Pentecostal
awakening. They said in effect, "This is simply a form of drunkenness, no more worthy of respect than the drunkenness which
lies in gutters." How much came out of their mockery to bless mankind you are intelligent enough to know. They went away
into oblivion, as the mocker always does sooner or later, but that which in the exercise of "the sober mind" they called drunken
ness went on growing in power and beneficence and i* to-day immeasurably the most uplifting force among men.
Yon, sir, are a scientific man, thoroughly wedded to th» scientific method; and hence I may be allowed to inquire whether
in your scientific judgment it is a mark of "the sober mind" to attribute great effects to unworthy causes. Christianity is no
small thing. Kven by university presidents and learned men in general it is acknowledged to be the grandest movement of the
ages. It is doing infinitely more than anything else at this hour to lift and save and purify mankind. Wherever this stream
finds its way it makes the desert and solitary place rejoice; new fields of love are fertilized by iti life-giving waters; new motives
and inspirations take possession of human breasts; new enterprises are inaugurated for the welfare and happiness of the race.
This is not rhetoric but fact. And yet with your sober and scientific mind you ask us to believe that this movement had its
origin in "a lorm of drunkenness no more worthy of respect than the drunkenness which lios in gutters." Dr. Philip Scbaff,
whose learning and sober-mindedness you will hardly question, calls Pentecost "the birthday of the Christian church." Now if
this is historically correct and Pacifir Coast Christians are to accept the ipse dixit of Piesident Jordan it follows that the Chris
tian church is the is -tie of a sort of temporary insanity, a species of drunkenness "no more worthy of respect than the drunken
ness which lies in gutters."
It is a good deal the fashion for men of your way of thinkine— self-styled sober-minded men— to explain the conversion
of Paul as being a kind of mental distemper and the resurreciion of Jesus as having no other basis than that of hallucination,
and to account for the most tremendous effects by pointing to utterly trifling and inadequate causes. How far this accords
with a candid and faithful application of the scientific method I leave you to soberly judge.
The merest tyro in history knows that the Protestant Reformation was more than anything else a series of revivals, many
of them much more exciting. I venture to say, than any you have ever witnessed; and yet out of that drunkenness, "uo more
worthy of respect than the drunken.iess which lies in gutters," see what has come. Methodism, with its church-s on every
shore, with i's institutions of learning, with its schools and colleges and literature, with its myriads of benevolent agencies came
out of the revivals of the Wesleys and Whitfields something over a century ago. A more sober mind than John Wesley, a man
of finer balance of judgment, of greater learning and imperial strength of character, I may safely challenge you to indicate. From
your point of view, however, this celebrated Oxonian, tnis man of splendid power, was temporarily insane when, under God,
he produced those revivals which shook Great Britain and rolled their waves of religious enthusiasm over seas and continents.
And the great Methodist denomination has continued the drunkenness which its immortal founder communicated to it— "a
drunkenness no more worthy of respect than the drunkenness which lies in gutters."
It is commonly supposed that Jonathan Edwards was a man of some learning. Indeed it is no disparagement of any pro
fessor in any university on the Pacific Coast to say that in intellectual strength, in penetration of thought, In logical acumen, he
has still a few rounds in the ladder to climb ere he reaches tin; level of Jonathan Edwards. Of all the great presidents of
Princeton College and University he stands at the head, and yet Jonathan Edwards was a revivaiiat. He sometimes got drunk
on religion with "a drunkenness no more worthy of respect than that which lies in gutters." Indeed, sir, the great foreign mis
sionary movement of this age, which has sent its pioneers to every land and made i: possible for men lika yourself to study seals
in Alaska and fishes in the islands of the sea. and has done so much to enrich the sciences of geography and ethnology and phi
lology and prepared the way for commerce, is the child of revivals. It was born in a great religious awakening and by great re
ligious awakenings its heroisms and sacrifices have been inspired and its wonderful victories achieved.
In still further elucidation of the "sober mind" you sneered at conversion and, if correctly reported, affirmed that "it is an
absolute impossibility to undergo the transition from a wicked to an upright life in five minutes." Now, sir, lam bound to say
that a sobsr, well-informed mind would neyer have made such a rash and intemperate statement. No evangelical church, no
evangelical Christian, teaches such a doctrine. Conversion on the human side is an act of will, a decision, a choice, and'is it
according to "the sober mind" an "absolute impossibility" for a man to make a decision in five minutes, or less? If a man is
going east, can he not turn squarely ab;>ut and face toward the west fn the twinkling of an eye? That, so far in man's agency is
concerned, is conversion. It means simply that • man start* upon an upright life; that he enters the school of Christ and begins
Christ's lessons. But is not a man lust as much in school when learning the alphabet as when poring over the mysteries of physical
science? It is astonishing tbat a man of your supposed caliber could put up such a man of straw as this and then proceed to beat
itdown for the edification of the sober minds of Berkeley Unitarianism. For you are aware that there are some "sober minis" par
excellence in that learned retreat— minds tbat have "taken filial leave of suuiraiition. of blank authority, and of miraculism in
every form." So sober, forsooth, that they rush into print with untruthful introd'ictio.is to learned books, and then at the last
moment hasten to take back their sweeping and ill-consiiiered assertions.
I am only an obscure pastor, a believer in revivals and in in stamaneous conversions, a man sometimes given to that kind o f
religious drunk- nuess which "is no more worthy of respect t han the drunkenness whicli lies in gutters." But obscure aa lam
and unlearned, lam accustomed to think of ttio "sober mind" as characterized by firmness, by force, b/ staying qualities. It is
not one thing to-day and another to-morrow-a weather vane swinging In the wind. The chameleon, it is said, lanes on the color
of its environment; and so. it would seem, do certain scientiiic m-n of prominence, especially in matters of' religion You sir
are very well acqua.nted with a man wno. as professor in Butler University, at Indianapolis. w,as evangelically orthoJox in the'
Indiana State University was semi-orthodox, and to-day ai the hea l of Stanford University is ultra-radical and in outspoken an
tagonism to all orthodoxy. Hi, beliefs, you observe, have changed with nis surroundings; hi 9 cony ction* havebeen gelatinous
enough to accommodate themseives to circumstances, and all this in the exercise of "th 9 sober mind." Where the next evolution
will land him God only Knows, but evidently this man believes in doing in Rome what tha Romans do I need not add that the
great epoch-making men of the world have never been men of that stripe. Men who make history are neither m.n who drift nor
men who sneer. Yours, w.t respect, R „ rOYr F
Oakland, Cal., Feb. 3. 1897. r«.» rt , v *i> \ ,7'
i astor First Presbyterian Church.
MAHER AND JEFFRIES.
The Big Fighters May Be
Matched to Ba tie on
Nevada's Soil.
How Jack McAuliffe Broke Away
From a Scl:< m Planned to
D feat Him-
Jeffries, the champion heavy-weight
pugilist of Los Ang<-les, telegraphed to
his iimna er, Tom McDonald, of this City,
yesterday thai iJ the California Club
would have no objection he would train
for his light with Steizner in the southern
country.
One of the directors of the club who had
seen the message said that Jeffries must
train at some of the stations near tuis
City, as the committee which was ap
pointed to look i-fter the fighters and
report progress to the club must be within
courenient distance oi the men and .he
places where they are located. The club
docs not fee! at ail anxious regnrdinc
Jfff.ies' system of training, as the officers
feel satisfied that hewili be in reriect con
dition, but they have established a rule
which they propose to live up to, and the
rule reads mat the lighters matched l>y
the club must train at some place within
easy distance of this City.
It was stated yesterday by a prominent
sporting man that Dan Stuart had his
eye on Jeffries and that if tiie Los Angeles
champion makes a good bhowing in
his li^ht against Steizner he may tc
selected to meet Peter Maher in a contest
to a finish, the battle to be decided in the
same rinjr a- that in which Corbett ami
Fitzsimmons will do battle lor the heavy
weight championship.
Matter is, however, rery anxious to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1#97.
AN OPEN LETTER TO PRESIDENT JORDAN.
REV. R.F. COYLE.
meet Shnrkev for sundry purposes. It
a|>i>ears thai the Irisii champion received
a letier Irom a friend in this City some
time u^o which stated that Sbitrkey posi
tively refused to meet a man of Maher'a
standing, who had b-en whipped by
second-ciass men, ami that lie would not
KSin anything by whipping second-raters.
The saaior champi >n had an idea once
upon a time that by touring through the
country towns giv.ng exhibitions of box
ing wiih one Jack Me AuMffe money would
fluv into his treasury box, ns the entire
country foik would turn out to see Cham
pion Tom in action.
The first exhibition of importance was
given m Sacramento, and ttie pr< ceeds of
the bouse amounted to something like
$200 dear of expenses. Jack McAuliffe
claiaifd $150 as his share, and the balance,
so it is mid, wan divided equally Ijetwet-n
Sharkey and his manager — a gentleman
known to the sporting fraternity as
"Bright Eyes."
Tom crew disgusted with the exhibition
business and refused to journey any
further with hi> company. On bis" return
to this City Sharkey held an interview
with Lynch and Needham, and n scheme
was concocted by which McAuiiife was
to get the worst ot the play. The story
goes that Tom happened accidentally, as it
were, into Corbett's emporium of sport,
and there he discovered Jack McAuliffe in
the act of quenching his tnirst
81appinc Jack on the back, Sbarkey put
on his best smile and si id:
"Jack, I've got a match for you, an*l we
can make a heap ol bluff out of it. What
do you think?' 1
"Weil, 1 would like to know who gave
you any authority to make a mutch for
me?" retorted McAuliffe, scornfully.
Sharkey knew enough to let well enough
aione when he saw that McAuliffe would
not stand any foolishness, so turning
quickly on his heels be left the sporting
quarters to report to bis friend Danny
tiittt the scheme would not work "i or "a
cent."
Those who are in the pugilistic swim
say that it whs Needham's intention to
meet McAuliffe in a six-round go "for
stuff," and that as Jack was in no condi
tion to "go" a speedy gait be would fall
very easy game to such a man as Needham.
who was in iir-!-class trim and doubtless
able to put McAuiiffe to sleep when the
time arrived lor the closing scene.
But McAulifTe is too old a bird to be
caught napping and the scheme fell flat.
It is said mat McAuiiffe intends to re
late tne story "of his escape" at a benefit
entertainment which will be given to
him in New York in the very near future.
CABS HOT EUN TQ SUIT.
Preclta V.ll. y Improvement Club Asks
for the Kepeal of Franchise.
The Precita Valley Improvement Club,
by Stephen Byrne, president, has peti
tioned the Board of Supervisors to pass an
order to the effect that the Market-street
Railway Company, as the assignee of the
North Beach and Mission Railroad Com
pany, has forfeited the franchise to operate
on Folsom street from Twenty-sixth and
on California avenue to Columbia place,
along Columbia place to Precita avenue,
along Precita avenue and Army street to
Colusa street, on Colusa s.reet to San
Bruno avenue and along San Bruno ave
nue to Cortland. The communication sets
forth thnt the franchise provided that cars
must be run on or over the road every
niteen minutes between the hours of 7
\. v. and 9p. m., but the road has never
been operated to a point further south
than Army street, excepting during a
brief period four years ago, when the
Isorth Beach and Mission Kailroad Com
vany, at irregular intervals, ran a horse
car to the southerly line of Precita avenue.
Knigh!* of Ho. ■or Representative.
County Clerk C. F. Curry has been ejected
grand representative from Liberty Lodtre of
the Grand Lodge of the Knights of Honor,
which is to meet In this City next month. At
the last meeting of Liberty Lxige Joseph
Goddard was presented with a handsome gold
watch-charm emblematic of the orler, ior
securing the largest number oi new members
icr the lodge.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
FIGHTING FOR
MODEL STREETS
I The Improvement Associa
tion Holds a Lively
Session.
Motion Regarding Car-Rate Bills
Provokes a Heated
Debate.
Subj ct of G ades and Assessment
Commission Referred to Two
Committees.
The San Francisco Association of Im
provement Clubs held a meeting last night
in the B'nai B'rith Hall for the purpose
more particularly of considering a recom
mendation of the street committee oppos
ing the enactment of any street law wbich
provides for a commission to assess dam
ages, as proposed in Assembly bills 90 and
151 now before the Legislature.
The entire subject matter of street
grades, included in both bills, was referred
to the legislative and street committees,
with instructions for those committee!
to report to a special meeting of the asso
ciation next Saturday evening. There
was a large attendance of members, and
the discussion occasionally became so ani
mated tbat personal hostilities seemed
almost unavoidable.
This was especially the case when Vice-
President Grady, who presided, dfdared
out of order a resolution proposed by
Major McKinne, praying the Legislature
not to pass the Assembly and Senate
tramcar bills now being supported by As
semblyman Treacy and Senator Braun
hart, as substitutes for bills 30 and 270,
and providing that "no street rail
road within the corporate limits of muni
cipal corporations of the first class, within
the State, shall during the hours from 6
o'clock to 8 o'clock of the forenoon and
from 5 o'clock to 7 o'clock of the afternoon
charge or collect a higher rate of fare than
2}4 cents for each passeneer per trip over
any distance in one direction alone any
part of the whole length of the road and
its connections."
The pas age of these bills, the resolu
tion asserted, weald cause great injustice
and injury to the people of San Francisco
and the whole State of California.
Vic-President Graoy contended that
the association had already dealt with the
same question at a previous meeting.
Major McKinne appealed from his ruling.
Dr'C. D. balfield took the chair, and on
the question of reconsideration of the sub
ject referred to in the resolution a tie vote
resulted.
The chairman pro tern, gave a casting
vote in favor of consideration amid ter
rific uproar. Vice-President Grady de
clared a two-thirds majority was neces
sary to authorize reconsideration, and it
was then that a wild scene of disorder and
mutual recrimination endued. The matter
ended in the defeat of the motion to re*
cunsider, and the meeting adjourned in
confusion and at midnight.
On the reading of the street commit*
tee's recommendation, Judge Van Reyne
gom moved that this resolution be laid on
the table, Decau-e the subject-matter bad
already been laid before another commit
tee of the association, and the street com
mittee, therefore, had nothing to do with
it, and had in dealing with it acted in an
ex-parte manner.
This proposition provoked emphatic op
position and was voted down on division.
Mr. O'Leary then moved that the report
of (he committee be adopted.
T. F. Heggarty proposed as an amend
ment to the amendment that the bill pro
posed by the Merchants' Association and
indorsed by the Civic Federation be ap
proved as a snbstitute.
Mr. O'Leary moved that the entire sub
ject-matter of street grades included in
uoth bills be committed to the legislative
committee and committee on streets, said
comtn ittees to render a report at the next
meeting.
At this juncture Mr. Scheerer rose ex
citedly and addressing Mr. Kosentbal
asked that gentleman if his complaint of
unfair treatment referred to himself, Mr.
Scheerer?
Mr. Kosenthal — You and the street com
tee?
Mr. Scheerer then proceeded to roast
the bill, which he characterized as a
measure which neither a layman nor a
lawyer conld understand.
Mr. O'Leary's motion then carried, to
gether with an additional resolution, re
questing the legislative and street com
mittees 10 report to a special meeting next
Saturday.
A communication received from prop
erty - owners and residents on Point
Lobos avenue and tbe Cliff House road,
pi'titionini? the association to look into
the matter of the improvement of the
driveway from First avenue to the Cliff
House, was Indorsed.
The following petition was supported by
Judge Van Reynegom and unanimously
adopted as the sense of the association:
To the Honorable Senate and Assembly of the
State of California— Gentlemen: The under
signeu citizens of California, who are engaged
iv industrial pursuits, respectfully remon
strate against the passage Oi any law which
brines convict labor in competition with free
while labor. We respectfully remonstrate
iu-ainst the pas«aee of any measure providing
for the crushing of rock at Folsoui prison to be
used for street or concreting purposes within
any town or city of the Stale.
We object to this because there are a large
number of our fellow-clttzens now engaged in
quarrying ttone and preparing it for macad
amizing and concreting purposes in the vari
ous rim-s of this Stnte, and who thus support
their families; and such labor cannot com
pete with convict labor in Hint line.
We do not object to the sale of rock by the
State for county road purposes.
A series of resolution? from the Iroquois
Clu'> opposing increase of official expendi
tures on the part of the Legislature except
in tne case of tbe Fire Department was
discussed, and a motion finally passed to
the effect that tbe Iroquois Club be com
municated with and informed that the
association has already taken action in
this matter and is opposed to tbe increase
of salaries whatsoever, and that the secre
tary be notified to instruct every member
of the San Francisco delegation in both
houses to this effect.
A resolution moved by Dr. Sal f eld was
unanimously adopted extending the
thank a of the association to the Board of
Supervisors, and particularly to Super
visor Kotlanzt, for "the stand they have
taken in favor of the people in advance
ment of their rights and against the bold
and outrageous attempt to rob them of
their rights."
C. D. Mark, B. Joost, M. F. Taylor and
Vice-Presulent Grady were recommended
to the Mayor to be placed on a committee
of 100 to consider the new charter.
Old Printing House Insolvent.
The P. J. Thomas Priming Company yester
day filed a petition in insolvency. The action
was taken after a meeting and conference of
the creditors. The hou=e is one of the oldest
printing houses in the City, located in busi
ness Jure !or twenty-five years. The liabilities
Hre $10,000, and tii-j assets somewhat short of
that amount. Mr. Thomas days the long
money stringency and £harp competition are
U»« 1.1 uses oi his failure. He hopes to be able
to pay dollar ior dollar.
<||^l^. Energetic
- Manhood
/vf X^^'C^*" =f B^ It brings to its pos*»»or b* ::•-"< *-.'! the
/^^r' jr v l/Zv' admiration of both men an-: w&t»«-fir» It In the
£T . /C - -^ 4s clement of success in man. It sarmotists all
B\ . -M /% \Ss*ad^**^ JfS' obstacles ana wins fortune in th« aitltt of
/i?T ViM -<*^* The "manly man" is a man of nexve, of quick
it / TjXti^* Intellect, courage and. self-confldenC'?. lie is
- _ g^SgtULwL^Z rr '*\kJzEr th * man wno nas preserved the power of man-
€^' I 7F^b£^ AA hood gtv.n him by nature, or, having wasted it
\ltoii&&*^^*y one*, In- tins r«entnod it through the only ab-
| solutoly . ,i mill in>-nr.s open to him through
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
HAN FHANUIWC'O, January 26. 1897.
DR. A T SAN'DFN- Dear Sir- When I commenced to wear your lu-M 1 was all broken down.
My nerves were completely^battered »na I haJ fearful palAI tn my l.aou. My «ll esUon was so poor
that I "could TeaT nothing without great dlstrens Rfterwnril. ' «M wtas iot yt»rs from losies resulting
from earlv indiscretions. Now, «fUr W«Mißg vonr Belt, mv l> ''"» «* all «on«. appetite good and my
strength' reVtored My losses are itoppwl «nd 1 feel -.iron- and heafty wain 1 have gained eleveu
pounds and a^aU in th/h.st month. 1 wish that •^SS'^SLXfiur M *"ji l &l!wf«& ! iSrK* tol
Woros cannot express the grata I feel. « oura. ttuU,^ JO«»FH HgJ^^
Electricity is life. It awakens the dormant nerves and makes manhood complete and over,
powering. Much more could be said. Let Dr. Sandon Mil TOO Ol it in his ■••>••*. "Three Classes
Men,- a pocket edition of which will be given or sent closely sealed, without marks, free on
application. Get it. It may be the opening of a new life to you. Call or address
js.^.i\r3OE3Nr BXißOTnio 00.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTBL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M. : Sundays, la to I. Lo« KWf\ M I [AM 204 South Broad-
way; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver. Colo., 1)33 Sixteenth street
KOTJi.— Mnke no mistake in luo number— 633 Market »lraet.
Lay the axe&^i) &^ y\l L
to the root of the tree\| !
Most people, hardly realize that headaches and dyspepsia and r.
other miseries all oome from one cause, and that taking- a separate . J !
remedy for each symptom is like pioking the leaves off an obnoxious \a i
tree instead of striking at the root. Headache, or sluggishness, or f n
disordered stomach or constipation or offensive breath show that A I
either the etomach or bowels or the liver are not doing their natural A
work, and : . p
R SPANS TABULES %
Go to the root of all these, difficulties by immediately correcting . I 'l
the stomach and gently stimulating the liver and bowels to healthy i fir.
action. These Tabules are the accurate prescription of a regular ' 1 S 111
physician; they are a simple remedy, as mild yet certain as If I* ' /
nature itself. To people of sedentary habits, professional and busi- '1 .i ~■ - >
ness men, and particularly to women, these Tabules insure a tJji' j/lLk
regular habit, comfortable digestion, and a clear head ; preventing J\' jfcr '
many a serious illness with its long train of suffering and expense. / \Ajf
The two most important processes of life (assimilation .of food *// &
and elimination of waste) depend almost entirely upon the stomach, %/ JS)
liver and bowels ; their healthy action, maintained by Ripans J^jflffflilijl! ■ .
Tabulea, dispels a long list of ailments. For headaches, indiges- /^ajpty- '. "Ijffii
tion, dyspepsia, biliousness, constipation, dizziness, /£&" $ ' 'Ilisl ' •
fluttering of the heart, slug- '--»-agsjN vlai
gishness, poor sleep, loss of -nJ^^^^Srs^z^ wl
appetite, depression, heart- '^*^/^w*£z-~~~ i * s *»r'
burn, nausea, bad taste in the <* Timfn* m *^&gj&" i .-^SSs^ -
mouth, sallow ekin. and all ■ x , lt r^rj^_ \^nc~*^^^ c*
the ilia caused by a dis- r^^^'^y^WM^^^^j^^Sh 'V*
ordered Btomach, take a ~ / «^^K#Sr^^^^ \l '
RIPANS TABULE. ** > * ftAINJ X2--^^^^^^i^^^^^^^%^.>
One  . zr^^^^^^^^V^,
Will do you good. > - ==^ i^ -*" Wm>
RAILROAD TRAVEL. .
SIN FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tibnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAY9-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 12:31,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 P. h. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11 -.30 P. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:SJ
and 11:30 p. u.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30, 11:00 a. if.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. if.
San Rafael to Sun Franclnco.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. «.-
-12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips
at 1 :55 p. M. and 6:35 p. u.
BCKDAYS— 3:lu, 9UW, 11:10 a. M-: 1:40, 3:4»
6:00, 6:25 p. m. I
Between San Francisco and Schuetzea Park sams
schedule as above.
■Leave ..„.„- Arrive
San Francisco. oct 14? s * n J*"'* 1101800
Wih Sun-- i , ) . s 1 t ?na 5 i lon SrN " Wkb «
Days. j days. : Destination. BAYa- | DAYa>
7:BOaM 8:00 am Kovato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 PM : Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:'J2
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsborg,
i.ytton,
Geyservllle,
8:30 Ml 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
" j i Pleta. :
! Hopland A
7:30 AM j 8 :00 am j Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22
7:30 am ~ "" 10:26 am
8 :00 am I Guerneyllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pmJ [__ 0:22 pm
7:80 am i 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oaM|H:o3aM| sebantnnol |10:40 AM|lo:2*) AM
3:30 PM: 6 :t)O PMJ fecb>gtopo '- I 6:10 pmJ B:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservljle for Skates Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hiitulautl
Springs, K ville, Soda Bay and i-ak.'por;-, at
Hopland for Lakeport and Harriett Springs: at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blurt
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, l'omo. rotter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhe<lrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Wesiport, TJ S al, wuiets. Cahto. Co-
Teio. Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates-
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle bonding.
A.W.FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
yreu. and (Jen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic t^^^f^
Pacific .Jtlill^
Trains .rave .ml arrive at SRJ^^rvfexT Sn
alarkei-street i'erry. ft^S cip^iiQiil'ilf
HIT! IV EXPRESS, WgiSis'
To Cbirnso via A ' * p - «si^^^«ly
Direct JLine 1 '"R'Sir^' "^~J"x3
Leaves da ly at 6 : ;o p. m.. carrvlnr Pullman Palac?
Drawing-room and Modern I'ptiolsterfd lourl«
Bieeping-cars. which run dally through to Chiaa^
Hulst 7 ADIl '' X °*" for I)eaver w»d 3U
Hos.on recursions, via Kansas City, Chlcaira
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
luesday. '
The bast railway from California to the Bast,
K«w rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery.
ana good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 044 .Market
St., Chronicle Kuildinr. Telephone Mala
1031» Oakland. Ills iifu»qwity.
TUii *\s mmm Ai\'J bui JOAQUII
VALLEk' RAILW)U'OIP.m.
FROM JANUAIIY 31, 1897, P(lS3en?er trains
will ruu tlailv:
southbound. "sutloni. -Northbound.
7:20 a. m Stockton :....b:4O p. m
9:19 A. M Merced »:14 p M '
ll:tOA M...... Fresno 1:10 p. u
- For Intermediate stations »co time-table.
Connecting stenniboats of the C N. & i Co.
'eav- Ban Francisco and sto:kt«n at 6P m. d all v
IHOITfAMALPAIS.
«"»iaB fonnect with North r»K«ia«
Coast Railroad. i aolfl«
WEEK JJAYS-Lfave S. F. 9:1"V a. M l•4^»w
_„ R«turnlng-Arriv» «•. 3:35 rM . «-hi ~ ?
BUNDAYS-LeaveaF.BA.M 11:.Wa.m i If,. *
Returning- Arrive 8.F.1:1» cm 4:'.»0 r.u 7:3a . U'
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or * r^ 1 . 11 *
THOs. COOK * SONS. 6 " Martlet st.; 8. F
1 MIU Xtiimj and Mouat Tamalpai. boMUc liau waJS>
RAILBOAD TRAVEL. l^j,
SOVTIIKBH I'V« IKM COMPANY. a
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.) ;..'-": V
Train* Iritir untl »re <lne lo nrrlve at /
KAN ft'KANt'IMCO. * '
lsave — FKOM January 1. 1897. — ABItTO
*«:0»a Nflcs, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43a
7:OOa Atlantic Express. u,-b and Kack.. 8:43*
7:OOa Benicia, Vaeaville, Rurascy. Sacra-
mento. OroTille and Redding via .
Paris 6:15p
7:20a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Xapa,
C'alistoga and Santa Rosa 6:*3»
SiiiUA Nil's, .San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento. Marvsviile, Chico,
Teliama and Red Bluff .«:I»p
•*: 3oa Peters and Milton *7:13p
AiOUa N»w Orleans Impress, Raymond (for
Yossmite), Fresno, liakersfield,
Santa ISiiilmru, l.os Angeles, Dem-
ing, £1 Paso, Nov.- Orleans and
East 4<4tip
9:00a Martinez and Stockton 4:l.'»p
«:OO A, Vallejo 6:15?
....... Nil San Jose, Livennore and
Stockton 7:15p
•I:OOp Saoramento River Steamers *U:OOp
I:O»i» Niles, San Jose and l.ivcrmore B:43a'
tl::i«r Port CosU and Way Stations .... 17:43p
4:0Oi- Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistogn, El V— ano and
Santußosa OiISA -
4::>or Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland^
Krights Landing, Marysrille, Oni-
ville aud union* 11:15a
4i3Up Lathrop. Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles, -
returning ria Martinez 11i49a
BiOOp Los Angeles Express. Tracy, "
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles : 10:41 A
BiOOp Santa l'e Route, Atlantic Express
for Hoja** awl Bast 10:43 a.
6:O«i> l'.nropeau Mail, Og.leii and 1".*»t.,.. 9:43a
«:OOi- llaywanln, Nilcsaml Kan Jose 7:43a
t7:»Oi- Vallejo t7:49*
7:««i- Orejfou Impress, Sacramento, Marys-
• vilie. Reilduig, Portland. I'nget
■Sound and East 11:15a
<HlO:O«p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, HI Paso, New Orleans
and East |12:4Sp
SANTA Cltt'Z IUVtiION (Narrow (iitnirc). J *
•:I»A Newark, (.'eiiter«illo,Saii.l««b.Fcltou,
Uouldi>rCreek,SanUCruzaud Way
.Stn tious 9i3OP
•»:15r Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Alinadrn, Felton, ISouldcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *11:»0a
4:13p Newark. Sail Jose and I.os Uatos ... 9:30a
f 11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations }7:»0p
COAST IH VISION (Iliinl X lowiiSMiil SU.)
6:45a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Alinadeu Wednesdays only) liBor . '
•sis a Kan Jose, Area Pinos, Santa Cruz. V
Pacific Orote. Paso Rubles, Baa 1
I.IIU Obißpo. Guadalupe, Surf and id
Principal Way Stations 7:00 !>^ *a
IO:4Oa Sail ,lnsi:nud Way Stations B:Uop'
11:3Oa Palo Alto iu>d Way Statio-.is .. 3:30*
•U:3»i-San Mateo. Menlo Park, Kan .lose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Crnt,
Salinas, Monterey mid Pacilic<;rove "I 0:40a
•:t::t)»p San .loso mid Way Stations 4:4">\
*l:3Oi-SaD lose ami Way Stations *S:O3a
StSOrSa ..J.«e ami Principal Way Stations »8:43a
0:150 i> San Jose and Wuy Stations . 41:33 a
1I!:45i- San .lose ami Way .Stations 47:43p
SAN 1.1 VNUKO AS» HAYWARDS HM Al,. -'
•*« : " 0 *- ", ~~ " " ? 77151
B:ot>A I (9:43a
io.'uoa I Meirose, Seminary Park, I?'!**
'"limp! Fitrhbnnr,SaaLeaiidro "!«'
P «« I %g
*55* • Howards. •j"*
7:»Op | »:4SI
«:OOp ,_ • 9:43p •
0:OOr ! * Runs through to Niles. io:3op
tfll:l3pj t From Niles. ■.<•: ■;-,■ ftI2:OOP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from FRISCISGO-Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 3:00 :00A.M. tl:00 *2:00 *3:00
•t:00 $5:00 «6::3p.h.
troia 04KL4SD— of Broadway.— *fi:00 8^)0
10:00 a.m. 15:00 ♦1:00 ' »:C3 *3:00 t».UB
*d:QOI'.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays except*]. I Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
__ tt Monday. Thursday mid Saturday nights only.
TTnerdays and Saturdays. S Sundays and Thursdays.
KORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
tlwaaaa ytaacisoo. Commencing sept. 13, 189
WEEKDAY* •
I Par Mm VaUe/ ana an Ha:ael-»7r38, •»tl^ j
11:00 a. M.. '1:45.-3:43. »5:13. »5 :30 P.iJ I
Extra trips far sVtu itaUel on Mondays, Wedne» /
! 4*ya and Saturdays at 11 -.30 P. M. -■■- /
! ' SUNDAYS.
' For Mill Valley and Baß Kafnel— »B:oo. »10
; •IX-.30 a. ;'»l:..0. 3:00. *4:50.'6:16r. u.
Trains marked " run to »an Uuentln, .
TnROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— a. bl
Weekdays, 8:00 a- it. Sundays, 1:45 it m. at9»
' Cays. .
, i«V Casudero and wav statioua— l «25 a. M. «■•*»
i»T» X>46 i M. ««i«r4ax»WILL MEET TO
FIX WATER RATES
Supervisors Will Convene
. . as a Committee Next
• ■ . Week.
Water and Water Supply Com
/ mittee Arranges th.3 Pre
liminaries.
The • Company's Report Obj cted To
Yesterday, and Additional De
:. " ' tails Demanded.
. The Water Committee of tho Board of
Supervisors held an important session yes
terday afternoon preparatory to initiating
'an inquiry into the affairs of the Spring
"Valley Water Company for the purpose of
"fixing rates for the ensuing year.
■' Dr. C. A., Clinton, who presided, drafted
a request for a series of detailed statements
from the company which will be forward*
ed forthwith. The committee also recom
mended -the board to instruct that an in-
, vestigatio.n be made into the outside
■sources of water supply for the purpose
.oT reporting upon and acquiring the same.
f will be moved at the next meeting of
the board that the latter meet as a com
mittee of the whole to discuss these mat
ters in detail, and at yesterday's meeting
the chairman of the board was empowered
to procure the services of a stenographer
to take evidence on behalf of the City.
The. other members of the committee
-.present yesterday were Supervisors Dodge,
'•'Britt, Rivers and Rottanzi. and Mayor
Plie'aawas also in attendance.
°° '.The report submitted by the Spring
j Valley Water Company was first dealt
with and objected to as mucn too vague
in character. Mayor Pheian pointed out
.that.' the information given as to receipts
and disbursements was. insufficient, and
that the names of ratepaverswere no ar
ranged in alphabetical order.
It was at this juncture that Dr. Clinton
suggested that the following communica
tion, requesting additional particulars be
•forwarded to the company:
■Charles Webb Howard Esq., President Spring
■ Valley Water Company— Dear Sir: At a meet-
. lug- of the Committee on Water and Water
Supply of the Board of Supervisors, held this
day, the following detailed information was,
. pursuant to the statutes, required to be fur
nished by your company, to enable the board
to intelligently pass upon and determine the
water rates to be fixed and established for the
year commencing July 1, 1897. As the Board
of Supervisors will meet in committee of the
. whole In the first part of next week I am me
e .ructed to request you to furnish these state
ments on or prior to Wednesday, the 10th
ln»t., to wit:
• .Detailed statement of the expenditure in
curred under the heading 01 operating ex
penses; detailed statement of taxes paid in
the different counties, and the assessed value
of property belonging to the company; de
.ailed statement of the real property owned by
the- company, used in the supply of water,
together with its original cost and its present
valuation; detailed statement of improvements
owoe'd by the company, their valuation and
the uses to which they are devoted; detailed
statement of the personal prop rty owned by
the; company. Its valuation, condition and the
tises to which it is applied; detailed statement
of the pumping: plants, location, capacity, va -
uation and the cost of maintenance; d tailed
i -lenient of the amount of water drawn from
*• 1 ;urnishea from the different sauries for j
. ..; supply of the city and county and its in- i
habitants; detailed statement of the amount
paid on account of new construction and for
permanent improvements; detailed statement
©i the amount of bonds issued, outstanding
and.the rate of interest paid :hereon ; detailed
statement of the stock issued, and by whom
li*ld, and the amount of dividends paid there
en during the year; detailed statement ot the
amount of bonds and stock bold durinsr the
year 1896 and the amount realized thereon
tna-ii-s. disposition.
The committee further requests you to ex
plain your system 01 keeping the ratepayers'
account-, in order to enable tnis committee to
verify your statements and the reason why it
is not arranged in alphabetical order for refer
ence. Charles a. Clinton.
Chairman Committee Water and Water Supply.
■ • The foregoing was adopted. The Mayor
■Eaid that the company bad failed to com
ply with the statute, inasmuch us the
names of some of the largest ratepayers
did not appear in the report.
On motion of Supervisor Dodge, the
clerk of the board was directed to have
the figures piven in the report added, in
order to ascertain if the totals given were
correct.
Dr. Clinton informed the committee
that last Sunday, accompanied by As
eistant Chief Engineer ShaUEhnessy, he
had- Jiiven over the creater portion of the
City, and that during the tour they found
quite a number of hydrants which, in the
engineer's judgment, could - be dispensed
wijtb ; notably at the old racegrounde. In
the course of a block and a half they
found .ten hydrants protecting three or
lour empty shed*. Six at least, in the en
gineer's opinion, conld be removed, and
thereby effect a savins of . $30 a month.
Throughout the City fifty or .sixty could
be done away with on three or four inch
mains.
The clerk said that the Fire Department
would not recommend anything smaller
than a six-incn main, except in isolated
' cases. As to the hydrants at the race
track, Bbausrhnessy Lad explained that the
old sheds referred to were occupied by a
lot of stock kept there until recently.
In the course of further discussion, Dr.
Cinton stated that in his opinion all the
hydrants recommended by Chief Sullivan
■wera really needed, and though * there
Ss ; ere sixty hydrants of insufficient capa
city, it would not be wis* to deprive the
"GUy of them, but that larger mains should
■be laid to these hydrant?, as the Engineer
advised. The latter was now engaged in
preparing a map, whicn would show the
location of every hydrant in the City.
I)r. Clinton also informed the committee
that in New York the hydrants were not
more than 250 feet apart, while Here the
'Interval was three times as great.
. An examination of the company's rate
schedule revealed the fact that no dis
tinction was ma ie between rates as ap
plied to public or private dwellings- and
in this connection it was stated that the
.Girls' High School was charged $24 for
■water last month.
"Supposing." said Dr. Clinton, "we
placed, a meter in one of these schools
and" found that it registered only $10 or
$15. Would we be compelled under con
tract to pay $24 or $25?"
Toe clerk replied affirmatively.
The Mayor— To apply the same rate to
Vublic buildings and dwelling-houses is
preposterous. In ihe one case no water is
used except for drinking. There should
be a separate schedule.
Finally on the motion of Supervisor
Britt it was decided to recommend the
board to" instruct the Water Inspector to
place meters in the following institutions:
'en man, Horace Mann and Wtiittier
schools, the City and County Hospital
and the Alta plaza.
George Maxwell, secretary of the Fire
Department, waited on the committee to !
give the members verbal information re
specting the bill now before the State Leg
islature providing for a fireboat to be
built at the expense of the State and as
signed by. the Governor to any municipal
i-ty desirous of using it, in which case
such municipality will be required to man
and operate it at its own expense. .Mr. j
Maxwell said that the present boats bo
longing to the State were nothing but tug
boats, and, as. they drew twelve feet of
water, they could not run into .shallow
places. The bill Drovides lor a boat of
The Water and Water Supply Committee of the Board of Supervisors as It Sat in Session Yesterday
and Discussed Water Rates*
8000 gallons capacity per minute, or equal
to nine of tbe City's first-cia-s steam hre
engines, and for a speeJ of twenty miles
an hour. The post of such a boat would be
$75,000.
The Mayor declared that the expense of
maintenance should properly be support
ed out of the shipping tolls, which were
collected by the State. It would be prefer
able for the City to buy the boat 11" the
State would maintain it.
Mr. Maxwell said an arrangement of
that kind would result in perpetual clash
ing between the Harbor Commissioners
and the Fire Department.
The Mayor — Let the City pay for it only j
on the understanding that the Fire De- i
partrnent issues all orders. .
Mr. Maxwell thought that Sm Fran
cisco should both provide and maintain
a boat itself, as o:her large cities do.
Trie Mayor— And other citips collect toll
and wharfage, which are a great source of
revenue.
In the absence of further business the
committee adjourned.
Old Dutch, Hungarian, English,, Japanese
Gray and Green Oaks, fine Mat Gilts and Green
and? f>ld bronzes for plc.ure frames at Sanborn,
Vail & Co.'s, 741 Market street. Retail Picture
Department now adjoining Frame Department,
NATIONAL BANK STOCK.
Tbe Supreme Court Decides That It
Canuot Be Taxed in This
State.
Shares of National Bank stcck are not
subject to assessment for purpofes of
taxation. That was the decision handed
down by the Supreme Court yesterday.
An agreed case was brought before the
court by O. McHenry and various other
stockholders of tbe First National Bank
of Modesto, against the Tax Collector of
Stanislaus County, W. A. Downer.
McHeury'B and Ins associates' stock was
assessed and the Tax Collector tried to
make collection.
His authority to do this was questioned
and the case brought before the Superior
Court of Stanislaus County. It was de
cided in favor of the Tax Collector.
An appeal was taken to the Supreme
Court. The latter tribunal reverses the
decision of the lower court, and further
more directs it to enter judgment in favor
of the stockholders.
The Symphony Society Concert.
This afternoon ' the newly organized Sym
phony Orchestra wilt make its initial appear
ance at the Columbia Theater. The society
has elected for directors for the first term
Messrs. W. L. Carrigan, Louis Lister and Philip
Lilienthal. The comiiiete programme, which
will be rendered ty fifty-six ar;ist«, is as fol
lows: Klne Faust Overture, Wagner; Sym
phony in D major, No. 1, Dvork; arm from
"The Queen of Sheba," Gounod; "Marche
Slave," lschalVowsky. Gustav Hinrlchs will
conduct and bigmund Beel will officiate as
concert master.
Denied That They Were Married
In the suit of Mrs. Nancy Abbott-Quaclcen
bush sgaiust Thorans M. Quaekenbush yester
terday Attorney E. J. Pringle testified that in
M»y, 1893, ha asked Mrs. Abbott and Mr.
Quackenbusb in the presence of each otber if
there was Hnytrnth in the rumor that they
were married and both denied that they were
married.
REV. C W. WENDTE, D.D., Will Lecture for the Benefit of the
Mercantile Library at Golden Gate Hall Tc-Night. His
Subject Will Be "How the Dutch Took Holland/ The
Above Picture Represents a Characteristic Scene in the
Land of Dykes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1897.
NO MORE, SAYS
JUDGE SEAWELL
There Is a Sufficient Num
ber of Superior Judges
at Present.
Any Increase Would Be In
jurious to the Public
Interests.
Mayor Pheian Will Present This
Opinion to tbe Legislators at
Sacramento To-Day.
Presiding Judge Seawell of the Superior
Court has given his opinion to Mayor
l'aeian that there is no necessity for an
increase in the number of Judges of tbe
Superior Court in this City and Couuty.
Moreover, he says that such increase
would be injurious to the public interests,
"and would impair rather than promote
the efficiency of the court."
This opinion was elicited by a letter
written to Juiite Seawell by Mayor
Pheian. The proposed increase in ex
penses for salaries, in one way and an
other, for this City and County amounts
in round figures to $125,000 per annum.
This amount has attracted much atten
tion and Mayor Pheian has set. about to
see what the situation is, and on the Ist
of the month he addressed the followine
letter:
San Francisco, February 1, 1897.
Hon. J. M. Seavell, Presiding Judge of the
Superior Cowl, city Hall, San Francisco, Cali
fornia—Dear mr. Please advise me if, in
your judgment, there Is need for an increase
of the number of Superior Judges of the City
and County of Ban Francisco? I desire your
opinion for the purpose of informing the San
Franciirco delegation in the Legislature, where
there is now a bill pending tor three addi
tional courts for this jurisdiction. Yours,
respectfully, Jamks D. Phklan, Mayor.
The followine reply was received:
San Francisco, Cal.. Feb. 3. 1897.
Hon. James D. Pheian, Mayor of San Fran
cisco — Dear Sir: In reply to yours of the Ist
i n-i. I have the honor to state that there Is no
need for an increase in the number of Judges
o: the Superior Court oi the City and County
of San Francisco. lam further of the opinion
that such increase would be injurious to the
pnbllc interest «nd would impair rather than
l>r<>ijinte the efficiency of the court All the
other Judges whom I have consulted on the
subject fully concur In this opinion. Yours
retipectfully, J. M. Seaweix.
Mayor I'heian will go to Sacramento
this afternoon to confer with the San
Francisco Legislative delegation aod will
tnite the correspondence with him. Only
the opinion of Judge Seawell was asked m
this matter.
TYLER NOT ILL USED.
Hi* Attorneys, After Investigating His
Story, Refuse to Institute Suit
for Damages.
The suit for damages which Llewellyn
Tyler threatened to institute against tne
Facinc Coast Steam-hip Company on ac
count, of alleged ill treatment received on
a recent trip on the steamer Walla Walla
from Seattle to this City has been aban
doned.
Delmas it Bhortridge, wbo were retained
by Tyler to press his claims, withdrew
from the case yesterday. After investi
gating his story, which was published in
the newspapers, the a torneys are satis
lied that the steamer officials did all in
their power to assist the inval.d on the
voyage. They have learned from Captain
Wallace that Tyler was removed from
tne steerage apartments to a place on the
deck at tbe advice of a physician who was
summoned in the case. Steerage Steward
James Parks says that Tyler misrepre
sented the tacts in tbe case. He gave out
th« following official statement oi the in
cident yesterday:
1, being steerage steward, was among one oi
the first to accost him of ills ailment, and the
answer was that he Had blood-poisoning iv his
knee. Leaving Seait.e on Tuesday morning
at 8 o'clock, he came up to the table at every
meal up to Thursday morning, and dined
heartily, wnen about 10 o'clock he took a con
vulsion fit.
Every one laid the cause to the blood-poison
ing iv his knee, lie continued taking fits
every hour all day. Wheu in the aueruoon
the captain hud him carried up to the 'tween
decks tor better ventilation, and also that two
men could attend to him, as it took two men
to hold him down and to attend to htm prop
erly; also the captain ana chief steward both
attended to him considerably all that after
noon, iv the way of getting chopped ice and
chicken broth, beef lea and also brandy, and
an v thing else they thought of, to help allay bis
sufferings for humanity's sake, and In their
official capacity did everything iv their power.
The chief steward was Inquiring about his rel
atives, when one ot the PHssengers gave him &
letter be had taken from his pocket, in view of
the passengers, because we ail thought that be
could not live, but there was no one looked for
any money. All the belongings he had visible
were v pair of blue pants wrapped la a paper,
besides what he wore.
He was laid on two good mattresses with
covers on and two pillows with covers, with
two double heavy gray blankets to cover him.
I waa attending to litm until 12 o'clock that
night with the assistance of others, when I
weuf to my room, leaving the night watchman
with three or lour other men to attend to him
the balance of the night. When I got up
In the morning tney told me he had six
convulsions from 4 to 6, and ao on up to 7
o'clock. The ship arriving In port, the sur
geon of the port came and made an examina
tion to see if there was any Infectious dis
ease; he found none, but said he wotud have
to be taken to the hospital. The chief
steward having his father's address
from the letters he had Jo bis pocket
sent a waiter after his father, and It took
about two hours to flud him. When his father
cume he was pleased to recognize me and
.shook me by the hand, as be had known me
some years previous. Later, when he took his
sou away in the ambulance, he shook hands
with me very cordially and thanked me very
much for what I had done for his sod, instead
of, as stated iv your paper, almost having a
tijtht. In fact, he received ah the kind treat
meu t that human bauds could give. Evidence
of the truth of ay statement can be glvea;
therefore, in justice to my employers and also
tome, 1 request you to contradict tbe iase
statements made in your paper by inserting
mv testimony. Respectfully yours,
James Parks, Steerage Steward.
I certify that the above statement is correct,
Thomas Wallace, Master.
Ueorgk Hume, Steward Walla Walla.
DEATH IEOM TWO CAUSES.
Heart Disease and Cm Asphyxia Oxer
take Mrs. Catherine Chenot.
Mrs. Catherine Chenot, a widow resid
ing at 921 Valencia street, was found dead
on the floor of her room yesterday by her
son, Eutene Chenot, who, noticing the
odor of gas in the hallway, went to bis
mother's room, which was filled with tne
gas, which flowed from an open jet. Near
by was another jet, which was lighted.
The young man ran for Dr. Cook, who
lives near by, but the woman bad ap
parently been dead several hours.
Dr. Cook stated that Mrs. Chenot had
been Buffering for months with a compli
cation of heart troubles. He believes that
she must have lighted one of tbe jets and
was overcome by her heart troubles and
failed to reach the other jet with toe
match. Death was due partly to heart
troubles and partly to asphyxia. The de
ceased was possessed of considerable prop
erty. She wae 65 years of age and a na
tive of Ireland.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
COLONEL YOUNG
AGAIN VICTIMIZED
Cashier E. W. Schubert
Is a Heavy De
faulter.
An Expert Has BeeD Examining
His Books for Several
Days.
Schubert Fled Last Tuesday, but Has
Bsen Arrestei in Yuma,
Arizcna
Colonel Young, proprietor of th a Russ
House, seems to be singularly unfortunate
with the men be employs as casftier.
la October, 1895, E. W. ScLubert was
strongly recommended to him as a suitable
person to occupy tbe position of cashier,
and he was promptly engaged.
Every tuing went well till about ten days
ago, when Young's suspicions were aroused
that something was wrong with Schubert's
account?. He asked him several times to
get his books in shape for inspection, but
on each occasion Schubert feigned sick
ness, until Young's patience became ex
hausted.
Thursday last an expert was called in
and Young introduced him to Schubert
and asked Schubert to render him every
assistance in straightening out his books.
That night Schubert sti.l feigned sickness,
but promised to be at bis desk the follow
ing rnornine. be appeared Friday morn
ing, but left almost immediately afterward
and did noi return.
The expert continued working on the
books, and Tue day morning he reported
to Young that so far he had discovered a
deficiency in Schubert's accounts of be
tween $800 and $1000.
Captain L -es was at once notified, and
Detective Ross Whitaker was detailed on
the case. He procured the assistance of
Policeman J. B. Freel, and they found
that Schubert had gone to Alameda Mon
day evening. From there they traced him
to Seventh street and Broadway, Oakland,
and found that he purchased a first-class
ticket for Ei Paso.Tex.
Chief Crowley wired to Los Angeles,
Yuma, Ariz., and £1 Paso, giving a full
description of Schubert, and asking that
he be arrested for felony embezzlement.
La-t night a dispatch was received from
J. J. Kenna, City Marshal of Yuma, that
Schubert had been arrested on the train
there, and was being detained pending the
arrival of an officer.
Detective Wtiitaker will leave for Sacra
mento this evening with the paper-* for
Schubert's extradition to be signed by
Governor Budd and he will then continue
hia journey to Arizona to bring Schubert
back.
Schnbert went to Alameda Monday
night with one Hosmer, a guest of the
Rusb House, and according to the story
they occupied the same room. Hosmer
returned and it was with difficulty he
could be made to teil of his connection
with Scl'ubert.
The dedication in all will amount to
about $1200. Schubert was a very obliging
man, and it is a mystery to everybody
why he has got hiraaeli into such trouble.
Two attaches beiore him, in a compara
tively recent time, went the same road,
both being defaulters. One. A. W. Seeley,
fled to Stfhta Clara, let his beard grow and
married again, lie is now serving a term
in the State prison.
Scnuoert was in the employ of Colonel
Young first during the Midwinter Fair.
Then he returned to Colorado, where he
had been before. He was at one time
manager of the Hotel Oxford in Denver
and later of the Grand Central at Pueblo.
Prior to this he wac for some years man
ager of tlie Tretnom House, Red Bluff.
"He gave perfect satisfaction when he
was with me first as room clerk," said
Colonel Young, "and 1 readily employed
him afterward as cashier and bookkeeper.
I believed implicitly in his honesty."
It seems that during the past few
months Schubert has been living far be
yond his means. The American Surety
Company had a $2000 policy guaranteeing
the young man's honesty. Inspector
Seybold has been looking up the matter
in conntction with Mr. Atkinson, the ex
pert.
Schubert was about 40 years old and
was unmarried. He had purchased a first
class limited ticket for £1 Paso. He had
allowed his cash book to remain for about
two months unposted, and when Colonel
Young spoke to him about it he pleaded
be had been unwell.
Lecture on Sclilll t io-Nigiit.
A course 01 expository lectures on "acnii«
ler," under the auspices of the German Braucn,
Young Men's Christian Association, will be
given on Tnursday evenings Jurlng February
and March, beginning at 8 o'clock sharp, by
Professor Albin PutzUer of the German dcpart
rueut of the University of California, ai Ger
man Lecture Hall, AssoclaMon building, E Us
and Mason streets. The ri.st will be given this
evening.
THE BROTHER SUED
HIS AGED SISTER
Claimed That She Owed
Him Money for Services
Rendered.
She Testified She Had Practically
Supported Him Thirty
Years.
Justice Groezinger Listened Astonished
to tha Testimony and Found
for the Sister.
A strange suit was on trial yesterday
afternoon before Justice of the Peace
Groezinger. It was of sufficient interest
to bring to the courtroom a large number
of residents of the Potrero, who filled all
the chairs of the court, and the overflow
formed a ragged shaped human fringe of
men. who stood as spectators for some
time.
The story which was the motive in the
proceedings was drawn out by the examina
tion of several witnesses. It was a simple
story, but replete with a pathos, involv
ing the traditional long suffering and end
less patient affection of woman and the
ingratitude of man. The litigants are
brother and sister. He was the plaintiff
and she the defendant. The title of the
nuit was James Delmera against Catherine
T. Williams.
Mrs. Williams is an elderly woman, a
widow, who is the proprietress of the
Pennsylvania Hotel at 226 Michigan
street. James Delmere is also elderly.
He was a soldier in the Civil War. At
times he has been in the Soldiers' Home
at Yountville, in this State. Both are
well known In the Potrero, one for the de
voted care she has bestowed upon her
brother during a period exceeding a gene
ration in length.
The chief interest in the case was when
Mrs. Williams took the witness-stand.
She testified that >he had practically sup
ported her brother thirty years. He had
been at Yountviile for a time. He broke
his collar-bone. She welcomed him to her
home because he was helpless. She nursed
him, gave him spending money and was
kind to him. She supported him. Con
cerning the claim he made agsinst her to
recover $249 for services, she testified that
he had performed no services for her. He
had spent much of his time drinking, she
said, and she supplied him with tobacco.
The woman looked weary as she detailed
these facts.
Justice Groezinger decided the case for
the defendant sister in a very few words.
"The case is all one-sided," he said, "and
I will bnd for the defendant, with costs."
The brother bad no money with which to
pay the cost?, and they were waived.
WHITE GOES TO PRISON.
The Supreme Court Affirms tbe Deci
siou of an Attempt to Commit
Burglary.
Tbe case of William White, convicted ol
an attempt to commit burglary in tbe
first degree, was finally disposed of by the
Supreme Court yesterday. It came before
that tribuoal on appeal from tne judg
ment an I an order denying a new trial.
Tbe indictment charged a burglarious
entry of a bouse situated at 45 South Park,
this City, beionging to John Doe. Tbe
evidence showed conclusiy- y thai White
was guilty of tbe crime, but tbe point was
made that tbe indictment was defective,
inasmuch as the evidence snowed th
property to be that of one Letitia Bagnall.
The court considered tbe mere statemeut
of the point a sufficient answer to it.
Another poinr, that tbe trial Judge bad
refused tbe request of the defendant to
send a jury to view tbe premises, was de
cided to be a matter depending entirety
on the Judge's discretion.
Other minor points made were also con
sidered irrelevant. Therefore no error was
found in tbe record and the judgment
and order appealed from were affirmed.
HEW TO-DAY.
OLD GRIST MILL
Entire
WHEAT COFFEE
The only perfect HEALTH bever-
resembling REAL coffee so
closely that connoisseurs are de-
ceived.
No more heartburn, biliousness nor
Indigestion, if you'll usa it.
In 1-lb. boxes at all leading grocers.
POTTER & WRIOHTINQTON, ; .-
BOSTON. MASS.
DR. PIERCE'S
IS THE BEST.
A PERMANENT CURE. V
PLAiKSßunei, Cal., Nov. 6, 1899.
Dr. i-lerce A Son, San Francisco.
■«kSTLEM«s- The fifteen-dollar Belt has been
received and delivered, but have not heard from
. v . , *iif» ■ . the •■ ersoo yet about the
s^ifoyfrafffii 8 ■'*i lt> i resalt, but lam not afraid
iK^aV'll^vßKS^tt °' nlm (Om ' D ? back on
|tl*'V'J^j«^pL^Bv*m me. aa 1 used one of your
T^y\f :^^^m Hells nine (9) years as:o
K>r-jr-^jft2££^-— ■airfVK RD( * ' lltV never been
Jpiy!*n^fiH«Efp«fec#ir troubled with pains In
•\js*sf*^«^FWrtCvS my back or hips since.
■^^r^^^t s> So you see wn y I* m DOt
1 l! afraid to rec<^amend yoor
"+~Hi<t Belt to any one suffering
* with a weak back, paioa
Id the hips and side, as I was, becaase it will cure
them— never to be doubted.
1 remain yours to help the sufferer.
OEO. A. KAHL,
ay There are no "quack" doctors connected
with our establishment. Our electric belts com
without drugs Pric s reasonable! No robbery!
Established 187S. .-end for free "Pamphlet No.
2." magnetic Elastic Truss Co. (Dr. Pierce &
Son). 704 Sacramento at., cor. of Kearnv, second,
third and fourth floors. Brunch office, 640 Market
St., below Kearny. 8. F. ' ■ "
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc
CURED BY
Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder
Paris, J. BSPIC | New York, B. FOL A CO.
~ . SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS. .;.
HijlTl^Vnir^reTaroiit, Pimples, Copper-S
tin Aft TUU t^lored Spot*, Aches. Old Sores.fiß
Hllcera In Month, Hair-Fallingl Write COOK.HB
IbEHEDT CO., SO? Masonic Temple jH
■■Chicaco, 111., for proofs of cares. Capl-ffl
ntul. SOOCOOO. Worst casec cared In 15H
■jto as day. l<M>-p»ge book free. Eg
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD DBE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican Remedy, gives Health and
Strength to the sexual Organs. <
mFW TO-DAT.
"bazaar^
Every Dog
Has his day
Every day
Has its night
■ With night comes dark*
ness, with darkness
you need light.
We can
Save You Money!
SPECIAL
SALE
LAMPS!
Regular This
_ , Week
Price I'rlc«
' jAfl DAISY SIGHT LAMP I 4lftC
__Ty I with shade | £\)
~ O^OI GLOW SIGHT LAMi" I OTIC
OO I with shade | A\3
OKC'I BIBOBTA.ND LAMP I Af\C
OO I with shade . | *tSj
QXCI GLASS TAB lK i.AMP I one
■Ot> I 9 Inches high ■ | ZU
(J(\C I GLASS TABLE LAMP I OAC
OU I 13 Inches high ■ | OU
©1 O' Bisc-finlsh LIBRARY ~~*~
01.-O LAMP, rose decorated QKC
.■ • - shade ' Op
©X l\C\ PARLOR LAMP, ~
(tJpiJ.UV/ decorated shade, fl£O CX
J center draft tJp^i.OO
Q>f> OH I BISC LIBRARY LAMP, I ffl; •> f\f\
qO.UV| silk shad-, center draft t^O.UU
Q»C fin I BANQUET LAMP, with I ffl»O 1 c
tpU.UUI silk shaae. center draft |tlPii.lO
©'-* I CUPID HaNU'T LAMP, I (ft I rr~~i
(g)O.OU| silH shade, center draft | tfl) A. I 0
i QAC I ETCHED ~~j TJKjc
OU I GAB GLOBES I Z\J
DON 1 ! I 5-plece 1n n I Delft In,
MISS .Vll.Tiiml hPilun 1110
THESE IPKPPJiK I Dll I and I 1 11.
I>RIVKS SET -i-UU I Saucer IUU
< >
Is .^dw^ I!
| GREAT I
I! <!V C v!#
I OP THE AOB 1
ii 111? ■■[
; ; Which is an external and Internal ' '
I | ; . romedy without an equal. ! J
i ? HOT A HEW PREPARATION, 601 ORE i
I ■" THAI BUS SIOOD THE TtSI OF OVER '!
;; II QUARTER OF A CENTURY. ||
t i " .' ' • i I
j; Thousands of persons all ;
; ; over the United States | •
j ; gratefully praise Dr. Mar- ; ;
; ; tin's Fain Curer and are • ;
;; never without it. ;'
II . ..^v'; . • ' ,
* The Curer li free from all Injurious <
] ; and poisonous properties, and is en- ' :
( i tirely vegetable in its composition. It J
| ' tones up and strengthens the system, <
; ; purifies the blood, expels bad matter < '
( I from the organs of the body generally, j
' ' promotes digestion, regulates the appe- <
) , tite and secures a healthy state of the ' '
( I system and its various functions. Taken \ ,
| ' occasionally as a preventive of disease, <
;; it keeps the mind cheerful and happy ' '
I I by promoting healthful notion of the ] ',
' ' skin, heart, lungs, stomach, pancreas, •
J ; bowels, ?L?er. kidneys, bladder, spleen, ' |
4 1 spinal ccßmn, and the whole nervous | ;
J ' system. It is also especially always '
T WOMAN'S FRIEND, and is unequaled < '
i I- FOR THE PREVENTION AND CURE 1 1
j|; •• ;' ;-*4 ;.; — of—' ( i
I I Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Pains In !
< >- General, Bowel Complaints, Dyi- ,
J ' pepsia. Dysentery, Cholera Mot- ( :
I I bus; Diphtheria, Soro Throat, •• j
< ' Pneumonia, Diabetes, Nervous "< >.
| I Complaints, Disease e>f the Stom- ( ;
( I aoh and Bowels Generally, Liver j
< > Complaints, Kidney Complaints, <
| { Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, <
II Local and General Debility, Head- !
* ' ache, Earache, Toothache, Sick- <
) , ness In Stomach. Backache, Burns, '
(t Swellings, Boils, Sores, Ulcers, J ,
' ' Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, I
] , \ Scalds, "Wounds, CostlTMuess, In-
© digestion, Skin Diseases, Ezeei- j
* ' sive Itchings and many ■ other <
i , complaints too numerous to name ]
< ) here. In a word, the great Pain (
| ' Curer of the Age la an unequaled '
% family remedy. J ;
* ; Price: 25c, 50c, $1.00 per Bottle, !
'' ■•■•■.-•■■..■ '- ■ ■■■ • "-■-- --■■'■' t-vjl
© I* CALLISCH, Wholesale Agent for ',
A the Pacific Coast, San Jose, Cal. ;
« ' For sale by all druggists. The trade S
S supplied by Redlngton & Co., Mack +
& Co. and Langley & Michaels. San #
a Francisco. q
fFrancisce. m
ii.. A. Bertellns I'res. B. Nordman, -Vice-Pres.
A. W. Kirk, sec Jos. JS'ordman, Trtai.
427 KE ARNY STREET,
Is the very best place to have your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively
oar own, whose superiority has not yet bees
equaled.
We have no rivals. We value oar reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the menu of our work lor success. ■ ■ ■.
■ • " ~- ' ' . ■ ' •
»*^sfflSSSS^J*r*« Big ?'■ a non-poisonous
<<ASP (m %kfl remedy for Gonorrhoea,
.^Sg|rerJHE^'6s g.'j?t. Spermatorrhoea,
ißSSyin itosd»7i.^C9 Whites, unnatural die-
jpy Ou*r»nteed f| charges, or any inflamma-
■Si n«t to (trletare. tion, irritation or ulcera-
Jp^JPrevenu eonuglon. tiou of mucous mem-
|7t\THEE»MISCHE«IC«ICo. branes - Non-astringenr.
VJAciNCINNATI.O .Wgm So" by l»r «ra:Utr,
*^BDbHF* v M Ciiculax seat or, r jaatt.
9THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SI'MMAKY OF THE 3IAKKKTS.
Silver firmer.
Wbeai futures off again.
O:her cereals dull and unchanged.
Hay weak Bea-sdull.
Coal In ample supply-
Butter and Cheese unsettled
Ezgs about the same.
Potatoes firmer. Onioos unchanged.
Light receipts of vegetables.
Poultry in good tone. Game dull.
Oranges very quiet,
liried Fruits featureless.
Provisions unchanged.
O Clear 3 Partly Cloudy
• Cloudy % flam©Sno»
TTxplanatlon.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flgnrat
et station ndirate maximum temperaturo for th«
days; those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and bundredtbs,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connec* poln s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hiah" means htgh barometric pressure and
Is usually aocomoanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather'and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south alone the coa«, rain is probable:
but wi en the "low ts inclosed with isobars o»
marked curvature, rain south of <»regon is improb
able. With a "high" in tbe vvinity of Idaho, and
■the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these coadilioaa
•all produce an opposite result.
WKATHKR tI'BKAU KEPORT.
v — -
United States Dkpartmknt or Agbiccl
• t dkk, Weather Burkac. San Francisco, Feb.
3, 1697. sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same dale last sea
son and rainfall during the past twenty-four hours;
Etirek'a 17.32 inches, last season 24.73. past 24
hours. 6B: Red Bluff 16.28, lasi season 13.83, past
24 hours .68: San Francisco 15.07. las. season
12.42, past 24 hours .42: Fresno 7 .17, laU season
4.09. pas: 24 hours. San Luis Ohispo 14.42, j
Jast season 12.25, pas". 24 hours .00: Los Angeles '
10.93, last reason 5.91, past 24 hours .00: San
Diego 7.25. last season 4.12. past 24 hours .01;
Yuma 4.66. last season .46, past 24 hours .00.
San Francisco data— Maximum temptroiure 55,
minimum 49. mean 52.
A siorm of considerable energy is central over
Washington and Oregon. The pressure has fallen
more than two-tenths of an inch over the north
ern coast during the past twenty-four hours.
Heavy rains have fallen over Washington and
Oregon ana over California north of Los Angeles.
The temperature has fallen slightly over Califor
nia, and about eight degrees in Nevada.
The following maximum wind velocities are re
potted: Foit Canby forty-two miles per hour from
the southeast, Tatoosh fifty-eight miles per hour
from the eau.
Southeast storm signals are displayed along the
.coast of ( a lfornia from Mn * rancUco to Eureka.
Rivers— The heavy rainfall of the past four days
will causa a rapid rise in the rivers of the •--jicra
memo and San Joaquin valleys. At Red Bluff the
river 13 fourteen feet and rising rapidly. There has
been a rise of three feet since morning, and It will
continue to rise. At Coiusa the river is 25.6 feet,
or slightly above the danger line. At Marysvilie,
the Jreather River is 1:«.2 feet, having fallea
slightly. It will rise rapidly Thursday. At Fol
som, tne American Klver stands at 12.6. It will
rise rapidly Thursday. At sacramento the river
i 5.20.6 feet, and will continue to rise Thursday
and possibly Friday. The condition of the levees
above the city will probably prevent a stage of
twenty-four feet at Sacramento; but there will be
an extensive overflow between lolusa and Sac
ramento. At San Joaquin Bridge the river is
14.6 feet.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
• en ling midnight. February 4, 1897.
Northern California — iiain Thursday; fresh
southeasterly winds.
southern California — Cloudy, and probaDly
showers Thursday; southeasterly winds.
-Nevada— with snow In northwestern
portion Thursday.
Cloudy Thursday.
Arizona — Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Rain Thursday;
southeasterly, changing to westerly winds.
Alexander Me a die, Local Forecast Official.
NEW IO1!K 3IAKKETS,
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Feb. 3.— There was an In
crease in business at the Stock Exchange to-day,
• and at the end of the session the leading issues
showed slight net gains. The movements In prices
at the opening were irregular, the poor showing
made by St. Paul and Rock Island roads for De
cember having led to moderate selling. Foreign
house* were sellers of Lnlon Pacific at this time,
but later in the day they changed front anl
bought the stock. The report that a block of
Oregon Navigation stock had been sold to parties
• friendly to t*e Northern Pacific-Great Northern-
Union Pacific Interests accounts for the firmness
in the afternoon trade, It was announced that all
three roads will work in harmony and there will
be no cutting of rates or diversion of traffic in the
Inure. The deal, according to those Interested,
will be of great benefit f> the three roads.
New Yor». New H.ven and Hartford, after sell
ing at 164@165, closed at 166 bid. with no stock
offered. 1>« recovery was due to.an official dental
that the company intended to issue new stock or
. reduce the dividend rate. ■ The usually active rail
way issues fluctuated within very narrow limi s,
and the trading was on a limited scale. London
and German bouses. In addition to buying Union
Pacific, purchased moderate lines of -St. Louis and
ban Francisco and Northern Pacific
The St. Louis and San Francisco issues were
more prominent than for some time aud moved
up V 2 (a.^3/ g percent. In the industrials >u^ar was
■ depressed iv the early session, falling a point to
115*1 on the revival of Washington reports of un
favorable tariff legislation by Congress.
Chicago Uas held firm throughout. The An
thracite and bituminous coalers, the Gould stocks
and the trunk lines were without special change
Long Islan I developed weakness and on sales of
146 shares fell 33 to 48. Speculation closed qul-t
and firm In tone. The total sales were 132 123
shares, Including 33,400 >ugar, 10,200 Union Fa
cific aid 7200 Burlington.
Bonds were hlguer. The sales footed up $2,450 -
000. Ann Arbor fours rose 1 to 80: Atcblson
General fours, *4 lo 82%: do adjustment % to 49-
Buffalo, Rochester and Pltt^burg fives, 2 to 98%-
Iron Moun'.aln firsts, IV* to 101%: Kansas Ciiy
and Pacific fours, 1% to 63%: Long island con
solidated lives. 3 to i. 16; Erie general lien 3-4's, 1
to 66: Northern Pacific consolidated fives, % to
69: do thirds. %to 23%: fct Louis and Saii Fran
cisco class B, 13^ to 116%; St. Louis I. and M
1 to 18: Wilkesbarreand ..astern fives, 1 to 90,
and West Shore coupon fours, 3Vi to 10. South
Carolina end Georgia first fives declined from 91
to 87%, minus interest.
In Uuverumen'. bonds $54,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 122%@122%.
Grain.
FLOUR— Easy, dull. Winter wheat, low trades,
$2 30@3 80: fair to fancy, $3 36@4 60- do
patents. $4 26r&5: Minnesota clear, 83 50&.V
do straights, $I@4 45: do patents, $4 1094 85:
low extras. «2 So@3 30; C.ty Mills. . «4is6; do
patents, $5@6 26: Rye m'xture, $3@3 60; su
perfine, $2@2 80: fine, $1 to®-' Ba.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
4 LeidesdorrT St., Tel. Main 1854.
• •EXTRA X. OFFICE
C2S Market at.. Palace Hotel. Pur ly & Atkinson,
Manakers. Tel. Main 6144.
Uptown office— Baldwin Hotel (adjoining Grill
. Koom). Tel. Main 1091. ,
PURDY. ATKINSON & CLAPP. Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo
tations. .Reference Ist National Bank, S. i.
CHICAGO. i*iUYAXji; wibk. 2iKW yo&k.
Southern tlour, dull, weak; common to fair extra
$3 :-ofe.:* 50: uood to choice do. $ 3 75@4.
Rye Hour, qu et, easy, at «2 60@3.
Buckwheat fl»ur. $I@l 20.
COKNMKAL— DuII, easy. Yellow Western,
$1 00(a.-.».
YE— Dull. 38%@39c c. 1. f. Buffalo: 43% cc.
1. f. New York; .\o. 2 Western, 445/ 8 tab.,
opening of navigation,
BaKLEY— 3334 cc. 1. f. New York; 28%
@-_ >r c c i. f. Buffalo: 30V2C »'. o. b
WHEAT-Spot market fairly active: %@3 4 c
lower with options, closing firm : f. o. b, 1 , 30;
ungraded red, 76@96c; No. i Northern. 87c.
Options advanced s,gc on higher cables, firmer
We- . foreign buying and local covering; f'ii IVic
to 3 3/gc with the West and on local liquidation,
closing weak at from %c to 3 /* c under yesterday,
with trading fairly active. May and July most
active. No. 2 red February, 833/86: March, 84% c:
May. 81% c; July. 78% c
COX.\ -spots quiet, easier No 2, 28% c eieva
tor, 29 %c afloat, steamer i!7%c. No. a V!oV2C
Options dv.l and weak at Vie decline, following
the West, with trading only .ocal. May ana July
most active. February, i.Bf/ 8 c; May, 29 V B c; July,
closing 311/8°-
OATS— r»pot dull, firmer.
Options dull, easier. February, 21c; May, 22c.
Spot prices: No. 2, U^e; do white. 24c: r<io.
2 Chicago, 2v;ij%c; No. 3. 20 1 >c; >o. 8 white. 22c;
mixed V tsteru. •j]i/ 2 ©L > 3w; do white, 22(3i28c;
white State, 23@29V2-
I'lllllllOMß
HP— Dull, easy. Western steam, $4; City,
$8 60; May, $4 15, nominal; refined quiet: Con
tinent. $4 '-'5; South- American, $4 6u; compound,
4@4i.Jc.
i'Ui.K— Quiet, weak. New men, $8(8:8 75.
ljUTTKi.— Fancy, firm: fair demand. State
Dairy, 10@llc; do Creamery. 13@19%c: Western
Creamery, 13@21c; do factory, 7@i4c; Elglns,
'lie: imitation creamery. ll(a,l6i\
CHEKSK— strong, fair demand; State and Penn
vania, J8&18'-qc: Icehouse case, $2 40(<v-' 75:
Western fresh, 17%@18c: Southern, 17i 4@17 ! 5ic;
limed. 13%©Uc: part skims, 5&9% c; full skims,
3@3%c.
Luuei— Quiet, weak. Icehouse, per case, $2 26@
3 50: Western fresh. 16c; limed. 13@13%c.
TALLOW— Steady. City, 38 a c: country, 3%@
S%c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Dull, weak. Crude, 20c: yel
low prime. -Me.
KlCK— Firm, fair demand. Domestic sy @6c;
Japan, 4Vi@4%c.
MOLAbssKS— Quiet, easy. New Orleans, 7@3
32c.
COFFEE— Quiet, unchanged to 5 points up.
March, 9 3&@9 40: May, 9 45; July, 9 50 septem
8 55; .spot i.io, dull, steady: No. 7, 9%c
--eOJGAR—Kaw, dull, steady. Fair refining. 234 c:
centrifugals, 96 lest. 3VB@3 3-1 60: refined, dull'
standard A, 41/ic: comectiooent' A, ■• I ,B C - cut
loaf. S?gC: crushed, 4 %e; powdered, 4i/ 3 c; granu
lated, 1440; cubes, 4%c
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS-Bags, 9@llc.
1 i- ACUtfe— Peetei, boxes l?Va@lsc; unpesled,
bags 7@9r.
PRUNKB— Four sizes bags nominally b'iy'sc.
RAISINtS— Two crown L. M. 4> 2 C. : three crown,
6i/i: four crow 1, 6V3: do London layers, $1 30(jJ
1 6U; do clusters, $1 60@l 90.
WALNUTS— Stuudara. 7c; soft shell, 9c
A. MOKDS- Soft slieli, B@9Vac; paper shell,
ll@l2c.
HoPS— Firm, fair demand; Pacific Coast, 3Vs@
13c.
WOOL — Firm and unchanged; moderate de
mand.
Merchandise.
riGl ßON— Moderately active.
COPPER— Firm. Lake. $IS.
LEAD-Firm. Domestic. .- :■! IS@S 1 7L 2 .
1 IN— Steady, btralts, *13 40 (& 13 50," pmtes,
moderate demand.
si'ELTER— Firm. Domestic. $4.
CHICAGO MAKKETS.
CHICAGO, li.v. Feb. 3 The bulging pro
pensity of wheat was evident In the market for
that grain this morning. Prices were not essen
tially different from the closing ones of yesterday,
but shor.ly after the opening there was a shooting
upward, the strength giving some concern to the
bear raiders who were prominent on the recent
break. .St. Louis led tee bull movement, and an
advance of Vi e at that place started ••shorts" to
buying here. Liverpool quoted 8/id advance,
thereby coinciding with the strength on this side
of yes.erday.
. Reports that the French crop will bo one-third
less than last year had a strei g:henlng eff • c .
Receipts at Chicago were 28 cars and 20,830
bushels were withdrawn from store. The Nortli
west had 224 cars againu 62 last Wednesday
and 416 a year a.o. The strength disappeared
irum the market before noon, prices settling be
low yesterday's closing, with business becoming
dull and almost stagnant. Closing Berlin and
Paris cab.es were higher and Antwerp unchanged.
Export clearances were ridiculously small, at
26.1t>7 bushels, that fact counting against prices
very plainly and causing a break at the close.
May wheat opened from 76c to 75*4& sold be
tween 76% c and 74 yg's7sc, closing at tue Inside,
s s*&~n c uuder yesterday. Estimated receipts for
to-morrow, 17 cars No. 2 red spot wheat ranged
from t<4c to 86% c, closing about. 84@&5c.
CORN- Opened quite firm, eased off and then
became ste, dier. Owing to the very small busi
ness, prices changed but slightly. The strength
in wht at early in the session did not set m io exert
much Influence in corn. Very poor grading of
corn has a depressing effect on the cash market,
and that In turn affects the futures. Receipts to
day were 336 cars, and - 100,766 bushels were
taken trom store. Liverpool cables were quiet
and unchanged. Export clearances were 166.519
bushels. The slump In wheat near the close car
ried corn off, and the final quotations were tee
lowest of the day. May corn opened at 24% c. de
clined to and closed at 24c, s/ 8 c under yesterday.
Estimated receipts (or to-morrow 575 cars.
u.»iS>— The oat market dragged and was from
steady to easy In tone. The feeling was. to some
extent, governed by that of wheat. Trading was
local and without feature. Receipts were 181 cars.
There was none withdrawn from store. The close
was weak; May oats closed 3/s@%c under yester
day. Estimated receip.s for to-morrow 264 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash No. I, 74% c: North
western, 7b%c: May, 77c; July. 78% c; Septem
ber, 79 S asked. Receipts were 24 cars.
PROVISIONS- The action of provisions was
slow. Tue tone at the opening was with reference
to the feeling In the hog market, but later there
was a revival of sentiment, early buyers turning
sellers and other purchasers deserting tne market.
May pork closed 10c lower. May lard 2VaC lower
and May riDs 2%c lower.
BUTTER— Was fairly active and steady to-day.
Offerings were mode rate and the demand fair.
Creameries — Extras. 20c; first*. 18@19c;
seconds,l4(itl6c: imitations, fancy, l: -(S.14c. Dairies
—Extras. 17c: firsts. 14(£15c: seconds. 9010 c.
Ladles— Extras, 10®12c: firsts, b%a9%c; packing
nock. he; grease, 2%@3c; roil batter, inc.
EGGS— Were easy, mocks were growing larger
and the demand showed no Improvement. Fresh
stock 13c ~f. dozen.
MONEY— Was 4%@6j: on call and 6* on time
loans. New York exchange sold at BOc discount.
(-losing Prices.
WHEAT— February, 73140; May. 74 V a @7sc;
July, 71%@71%c }<■-**.. ,
CORN— February, 22c: May, 24c: July, 25i/ B fa
2J>l,4<*.
OaTS— February, 16% c: May, 17f.8@173Ac:
July, 183/sC.
PORK— February, $7 46: May, $7 55: July,
*7 67%.
LA K o — February, $3 76; May, $3 87%:
Ju.y. $3 95. ™
Ribs— February, $3 85; May, $3 87%; July,
$3 95.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111.. Feb. 3.-There
is ho decrease In cattle receipts, only 29,600 arriv
ing for the first half of the week. Expectations
were for a good run to-day, but only 12,000 bead
came in. The quality of most of .he offerings
were very poor, showing a lack of feeding. The
light supply imparted strength to the market, but
with the exception of choice stock, which was 10c
higher, prices were no belter. The ret jrn of mild
weather causes a freer movement of hogs, over
107,000 head arriving during the firs half of the
week against 87,744 for the same portion of last
week, and 63, 608 for the corresponding three days
a ear ago. The market wat active at from 2 V?@
6c bUher to-day. The receipts. of sheep since
Monday have been light. Only 10,000 head ar
rived to-day, and there was a good demand, pr.ces
ruling stronger and averaging 10c higher .or de
sirable flocks.
CAT LE— Receipts. 12.000. Fancy beeves, $5 20
OLb 40: choice 10 prime 1350@17U0 Ib steers. $4 80
tss 15: good to choice ll'50(&i 600 It. steers. S4 40«
4 75: medium steers. 12U0@1310 lbs. $4 15@4 35;
lair beef steers, 900@116U lbs, *3 8004 Oo; com
mon beef steers, 950(ai1i50 lbs, $3 45(litJ 75: good
to prime "tuckers ana feeders. *3 70@4 15; fair to
good stockersand feeders. $3 25©3 05: bulls, choice
to extra. $3 7f>(a,l 15: cows and nelfers. cnoice to
prime, S3 oO@4 jO; cows, fair to choice, $V 2 33f<»
5 50: cows, common to fair canners. $1 70@2 45;
calves, gooa to fancy, $6 6006 00; calves, common
to rood. $2@3 40. Texas cows and bulls. s2 50®
3 50: milkers aud springers, %» head, i'JokbH):
bulls, poor to choice, $3 10@3 76: Texas led steers,
$3 3o(jji4 20. . .
Hous-Recelpts, 33.000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, «3 Ji:y2®3 42%; common to choice
mixed. $3 y6<&3 4-:%; choice assorted, *» 400
3 45: lighl, $3 30(»3 45: pigs. $3 20®3 4i.
-n ß J**i j!;I '— Receipts. 10,000. Inferior to choice,
$2 50<5,4 00; lambs, $3 50® 4 90.
Receipts at Omaha.
*OCTH OMAHA. Kirs.. Feb. 3.-HOO«-Re
ceipts, 6(00; market firm. Light and mixed,
$3 M&H 85: heavy, C 31003 20 »
.« C I i L ,^~ Keceln " 1 - 70 '• M »rltet firm. Steer*,
$3 40®4 76: cows, 81 60®3 60; feeders, $3@4.
oHtEP-Receluts. 2000; market active, steady.
Muttons, 93 60; lambs, $4 40.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo. Feb 3_HOQS_ Re
celpts. 13.500; active. Llifht ami medium, «3 25
©3 35; heavy, « 3 17V a 30: pigs $3 00® 3 10.
CATTLE — .Receipts. 5600: stro dr. Native
steers best. 94 26@4 75: fair to good, $3 25
@4 26: cows »nd heifers, best. $3<a:< 40; fair
to good. fl85@*00: bulls. $2 2003 10: stock
era and Jeeders. * 3 20@4 30; 1 exas and Western,
«2 70©3 90; calves.*s4®9. -
enn.l£l>— Receipts, 1000: strong.
NEW YOKE STOCKS.
Bonds, Kxchangn, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at lVt&2%: last loan
l%X*nd closing at iy«%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 3*. Sterling excbang* Inactive, with actual
business In Dancers' bills a; «4 84Vs®4 bi*i
for sixty days and 54 86i/i®4 86% for demand.
Posted rates. $4 8504 87%. Bar silver, 64><4c.
Mexican dollars. oO^teSlSgc. Commercial bills,
$4 8804 84. Uoveroment oonds easier; Htate
bonds dul: railroad bonds firm. Silver at the
board was quiet. ..•;■,•., ;;:< r-.-j.v; cjij:
THE SAN T FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1897.
CI.OSIXO STOCKS. ■
Am Te. A Cable... 91 North American... '4»-»
Atchlson IS l ,*! Northern I'acl4c. 15V»
Preferred 265/» Pr-lerred 3 73^
Adams Express... 56 Northwestern. 104
Alton, Terre Haute 62Vi I'referred^. 152
American ExpresallO X V Central 831/4
American lobacco 74« i X V. Cliicat;o L 11 1.0
Preferred ...... 102 I Ist preferred 75
Bay Mate (las 11 1 /* . 2d preferred i:7
Baltimore A Ohio.. 16V* N V i .N H.. ...... 166
Brunswick Lands. 8 N V & New Eng... 38
Buffalo, Koch & I*. 16»/i|N Y. Susq & W.... «Vi
Canada Pacific 6»i, 2 Preferred 24 l / 2
Canada Southern.. «43 /4| Ontario • lOV*
Canton Land 50% Ontario A. Western 15
Central Pacific 11 Oregonlmprovmnt
Ches t Ohio 17s/ 8 l Prete-red
Chicago Alton 164 Oregon Navigation 14
Preferred 1..174 Oregon Short Line. 16%
Chicago, B <&Q.... 75 Pacific Mail a&^s
Chicago .ft E 1U.... 40 Peona DA Evans V
Preferred 83 Plttabur? & W pfd. 15
Chicago Gas.. 78Vfe 'Pnilman Palace.... 155%
Clevf <t PlttsDurg. Quicksilver 1
Consolidation Coal. 34 I Preferred 1-
Consolidated .14*14 Reading *6%
CC Ci St Louis... J7v« tUoGrande&Westn 12
Preferred 76 1 Preferred 40
Colo Fuel <fc Irca.. 25 i:ock Island 6*
Preferred ..... 90 KomeWat<fcO?den.U7
Cotton Oil Cert ll s » *: L<t 8 Vv". 4
Commercial Cable. 156 j Preferred 10 3*
Del Hudson HBVs^t Paul . 76 J +
Del i-ack<fcWestrn. 162 | Preferred *33y,t
Denver A. R G HVi'St Paul & Duluth.. 20
Preferred 42% Preierred 87
Distillers...; ■*! Panl * Omaha.. I."*
General Electric... 3.>»/ 4 PreferreU 1-5
trie 15 IStPM&M 114
Preferred 353 /4 silver Certificates. 64%
Fort Wayne 163 southern Pacific. 15
Great Northern ofdl2l%b*outhern Kit 9%
ureen Bay ! Preferred 2 1 .' 1
Harlem.. 292 Sugar Hennery llii 1 /*
Hocking Coal- 3V 2 i Preferrea . 1031/4
Hocking Valley... 9^/iiTenn Coal & Iron.. 29%
XomestaKe 86 Preferred... 80
H & Texas Central Texas Pacific 93/g
Illinois Central.... 94% Tol A A& N Mich. _
lowa Central. 7 1 . 4 1 01 Ohio & Central 20
Preferred 25 j Preferred 60
Kansas & Texas... 13% Tol si Louis &X C 5%
Preferred 30$» Preferred 16
Kingston & Pena.. 8 Onion Pacific 7^3
Lake Erie & Westn 16% V P Den G01f.... -
Preferred 65 lUbCordage. — -
Lake Score 153 : Preferred
National Lead 23% Guaranteed
Preferred 89% C S Express 36
Long Island . 48 :U is Leather. 8%
Louisville & Nash. 61V4 Preferred 60 x 4
Loutsville.N Aiony » ( 1: 8 Kubber Tl*/»
Preferred 1 1 /*! Preferred 75
Manhattan C0n.... 89a 4 UiicaA B River.. .150
Memphis & Charts 15 ) Wab SL & Pacific. 6 s - a
Mexican Central... 9 I Preferred lnht
Michigan Central.. 80 j Wells- Farzo. 98
Mlnn<&BL — Western 0ni0n.... 83
Preferred I Wisconsin Central. 2
Minn &St L com.. 19 Wheeling & L E... 2%
Ist prel6rred 75% Preferred 10 1 !
2dDrt-ferred 47% Am Cotton Oil pM. 64
Missouri Pacific... 22% W U Beef 6%
Mobile <fc Ohio 21 Ann Arbor 6%
Nashville & ( halt. I Preferred 25
National Linseed.. 13 Brooklyn Traction. 18-^4
NJ Central 100 V* trie lid pfd. 20
Itorfoik & Westrn. 11l American Splrlu.. l» l a
Preferrea J7%l Preferred 318,4
ctosi>-o lOSDS.
Ala Class A4s ....105 % Northern Pac lsts iH'i
Do Class B 4. 6s. lU3i>! Do 2d«
Alabama, class C. B8 " Do 3ds. 82%
Atchisou 4s 82% i Doconsolss 69
l>oiidsA..." 49 Or lmprovnint Ist. *!>
Canada South 2«1a. 108 | Do 6s 18%
ten Pac of' 9&. OR4.N lsis. U2
Cherokee 4s. 1896.104 Doconsol 5* — •
Do 1897 104 Or Short Line 6s. ..116
EOIB9M 104 Doconsol 5s 74%
Do 1899 104 Pacific 6sof "97....
Ches * Ohio 65. . . . 1O9»4 Phila & Reading 4s Hi %
Ch<SN PTr Bets 5s -iS^r Do Ist pfd In com. 46*4
D C 8-639. 109% X UrandeWeu lsis 74
Den & R O Ist 111 V* St L<&lronMtGensj 76%
Do 49 85% St L<t s F Gen Us.. 1 12 1/4
Erl- -Jds 66 .Si Paul Consols.... 130« 4
Ft\V<tDenClty lsts 58%' -t PC A Pa ls:s ..Ho 1 a
G H <fc 8 A Us 1011.. SO Carolina 4%*.. 107%
Do2d7s. 1-6 ! Southern P. R os. . 90
Gen Elec Debßs... 953» Do Pac Cal lst»..10«
11 «t Tex Cent 65... r»nn new Si. ... 79
DocouCs. 100 Texas Pac Ist* 89 1 /*
lowa Central lsts.. 96% Texas Pac 2ds 21%
Kansas Pa Consols 76% Union Pac lsts 98.104%
Kb PalstsDenDlvll6% L a 4s reg of 1923.122%
La Cousol 4s. 05%; Do 4s, coupon. 122%
il:Bsoun funding... jU S 4.« reg of 1907. 11 l :
MKT2ds~.. 60S /8 ; Do^s. c0up0n.. ..112%
Do4s 84 Do 2s. .. 95%
Mobile* Ohio 45.. 97 W DoSs. Reg ...113%
Mutual Union 65..111% Do ss. coupon.. .113 V%
£> Cent Gen 65...11«a 4 Va funding aerjt. «52Vk
K-i Louis 4s 106 V 8 Doreglstered
Nor&WestUen 6sllß j Do deferred 6s. 6
: > Carolina con 45. 101 Do trust rcpt s:pd 6
.. L)ott 122 Wabash Ist 5s 107%
Northwest Consols. 140 West bijoro 4a.,,, ,10H
LoUro 6s Ho
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVEHrOOL.
I.IVEPPOOL, Kno.. Feb. 3. -The spot market
la firm at 6s 9d<&6s lOd. Cargoes are steady at 335.
FDTDBES.
The Produce Exchange cable elves the following
Liverpool quotations lor No. 2 Red Winter: Feo
ruary. 6s 43 /4 d; Marcn, 6s 5S 4 ci: May, bs6V«d:
July, tis sd.
BECCRITIES.
LONDON, EN0..1eb.3.-Con»ols,1138/ silver,
29$ i.d; French Rentes, 103f 26c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... _ f4K6ii
fcterllng Exchange, sight _ 4 khu,
Sterling Cables — 489
New York 1- xcliauge, sight.... '. — 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 2".'%
Fine silver, per ounce. .. . _ t>4»i
Mexican iiol.ars . 62 t2%
PRODUCE MAEKET.
WHEAT A>l> OTHJMC GRAINS.
WHEAT— Tha Othmarichen takes for Cork
61.712 ctls, valued at $86,400.
The Argentine crop is in less favorable corjdi
tlon. The crop in the province of -antaFebas
been almost completely destroyed by severe
storms. The wheat that has been cut is turning
out of very poor quality, and the export surplus
has now been reduced to about 18,000,000 to
20, iOu.ooo bushels.
Lower quotations from Chicago gave futures a
backset, but spot prices were unchanged. Ship
pers were in the market with an in< reused de
mand, but were not inclined to pay the quotations
Quoted at *1 32i/Cj®l 37y 3 * ctl for common
grades, $1 4U@l 4.- ■> for average No. 1, $1 45 ior
choice and *1 60@l 65 *> ctl for extra choice
milling.
CALL BOARD HALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Slav— 18 000
ctls, $1 41%; 12.000, $1 41%: 10,000, »l"41& 8
is»coNi> -KSSION- — jlaj— 4ooo ctls, *1 4la/«
--2000, «1 41%; 4000, Jl 41fy : -.000, «1 413/-. *'
RKGULAB .MORNINO Mcsslr.N- M:iv —80 000 Ctls
$1 40%: 14.000, *l 40%: 4000, $1 41 ' Decem
ber—4ooo, $1 23*4; 4UOO, $1 23V.: 10 000
*1 23%; 14.000. *1 238/ ; 2000, »1 23%; 2000
$1 2cß/ 8 . ;
Afternoon Session— May— 26, OOO ctla, 51 40- I
18,000, »1 401/8. December— 6ooo, $1 22%; 4000]
BARLEY— No cbanee whatever. Trade is very
dull. Feed, 76@S0c <» ctl; Brewing, 85@92%c «*
CALL BOARD SAI.E3.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— .No sales.
, J-.x.ut-i.AK Morning session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls, 78c.
OATS— Continue very dull. Fancy Feed Is
auotable at *1 S7%@l 45; Common White
*I<sl 10: choice, $1 15@1 35. according to
quality. Black lor feed, 9oc<g.*l 05; for seed si 10
<&1 25; Gray. (1 15@i 30; R*d, Cl 10<ai 20; bur
prise, $1 45@1 5b ctl.
„ <-OR>> -Nothing going on. Large Yellow, 76®
77 Vic ctl: Hmall Round do, 80c; \\lilie,
4 i /2C V ctl.
X V t-87Va(5>92Vi!C V ctl.
UUCK\VHiiAT— Quoted at f 1 16@1 25 ■$ ctL
FLOUR A>'l» MiLLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— China steamer took out 7769
barrels. Net cash prices are: Family extras, '
84 80(<t4 95; Bakers' extras, $4 75@4 85; Super,
tine $404 35 '$ obi.
COKNMEAL. KTC-Feed Corn, *17@17 50- !
Cracked Corn. $17 60^18 * ton.
MILLBTUFFS-Prices In sacks arc as follows,
usu^l discount to the trade: Graham Flour, *2 85
V i 100 tt> 8; Itye Flour. «2 75 %- 100 lb, : Rice Flour,
SB 76: torn meal. »2 35; e.Ttra cre^m do, S3-'
tmtmeal, $3 SO; Oat Groats. $4: Hominy as id
03 30: Buckwheat Flour, ?3 20@3 50- Criked
Wheat. 60; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat Floor
$3: Rolled Oats (bbU), $5 60@5 90; Pearl Barley!
»3 o 7^®4; bplit Peas, $3 50; ureeu do. «4 25 *
HAY AND FKEDSTHFFS.
Hay shows no decline, but is very weak.
BRAN— SI 2 50e013 for the best and 12 9 ton
for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— *18<319 for lower trades and
f 20@20 60 ** ton for the best. K'aaesand
FKEDSTUFFS — Rolled Bariey, *18 » ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 26 50 • ton; jODbing,
f27 60; clipped Oats, $1 -30&il 60 * cU.
, HAY — Wheat, Bf@ll; Wheat and Oat. *7<a
10: Oat. f6@9: Barley. *7@B 60; River BarTey
*5(g,6 60: Alfalfa, *6@7 60; compressed, Sbf*
9 60; stock, $5<f1,6: closer. ftt^B «» ton!
BTKAW— 'JS©SOc ft bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS — Bayos. $1 60@l 60 ?. ctl: Small
Whit«s.«l 16681261* cil; Large Whites. $I@l 15 V
ctl; Pinks, «1 10©l 25; Reds, $1 10@l 20: Black
eye, «1 10@l 15; Red Kidney. $2 50: Llmas, $1 70
©1 »0. Butters. «1 25©1 60; Pea, «1 15@1 30.
S»fcEDf>-Brown Mustard. *2 5032 75: Yellow
Mustard, $17ott2* ctl; Flax. $1 38 1 4 °: Canary
Beed, is /4 fte-l/ 4 c > n>: Alfalfa, tfi/ic: Rape 2i^,A
■I'AC; Hemp, 3c; Timothy. I@l 2 °* CU; Green «
•i£mi v aoii ctt" Niles - * I@l ctli Oreen -
POTATOES, LNIONS, VEGETABLES.
Dealers quote a higher range of values for Po
tatoes. No change in Onions. Very few Vege
tables are coming In ' from the south, owing to the
storm.
POTATOES-New Potatoes, 2@3c ft; Sweet
Potatoes, $1 25@1 75: Early Rose, 75<a*l6c: River
Reds.76®Bsc; Burbank beedllnes. 60@70c V. ctl tor
Rivers and «oc<§(*l 10 for (Salinas and 70(g,85c for
Petalumus; Oregon Burbanks, 85c@«i 10 r
p.MONS-^l 60@l 75 ctl: Oregoos, 82.
VEGt.TABJL.Ea— Hothouse Cucumbers, 60ce$l
dor; Hothouse Asparagus. B@2sc Si tt>: Rhu
barb, V box: Los Angeles summer Squash,
76c($$l %> box: Los Angeles Green Peppers. 26@
50c: Mushrooms. s(g&lsc '■?. Ib; Marrowfat s-quash.
S5(St« %* ton; Los Angeles 1 oniatoes, 25@< 6<- %i
box; Dried Peppers, 7<£ißc V Ib: Green Peas, 4@sc
'<?■ Ib: Los Aiigelts String Beans. 4«10c: Dried
OKra, B<£.9c '$ ft: j Cabbage. 40@50c * ctl; Carrots,
25&80 c V sack; 'Garlic. l%©ac * to.
BUTTER. CMMKfcJE AND EGGS.
BUTTER-The market Is unsettled, as usual at
tbi< time of the year. Besides the rain has a dis
turbing eff ct.
Creamery— Fancy Creameries. 21@2i^c: sec
onds. lS@2oc <$ ft, ■ .
Dairy— Fancy, 15@16c: squares bring as hlsb.
«a 17c; good to choice, 13®14c; lower grades, 10
@12Vac V Ib. ' . ... i
Picklku— l3@l4c ? tb.
FIKKIN-18<a.4c!j*lb.
Crkamkby Tub— 18c f> Ib.
eJif.Ksh.-ia lswe..l£. Eastern Is higher.
Choice mild new, 10c V Ib: common to good old, 8
®9c; Cream Cheddar, ll@12c; Young America, i
11 : Western, ll(g,li;c: Eastern. 14@14y»C.
IXHJS— The storm Keeps b*c« sui.p.les and there
is no turther decline. Ranch Kggs. 17@19c: store
Eggs, 15@16c; Eastern. i 4( ~t> <">&•
POUL.TKY AND GAME.
POULTRY — cars Eastern sold at 14c of
Turkeys, 55 for Hens, 82 for Geese. 55 26@5 CO
for Hens and you us Boosters, $4 2&@4 50 for old
Roosters and $4 50 for fryers.
Home stock is steady a: the improved prices,
with moderate supplies.
Live 'lurlceys, 14(g,16c f> Ib for Gobblers. 14®
15c %* Ib for H>-ns: Dressed Turkeys, 16/41 be 9 tt>:
Geese, f« pair, $1 50ta2; Ducks, $4 50(<p7 %i dozen;
ileus, *-ifa.s; Koosters. younK- *4 ~0n.5 60 V* doz:
do, old, $4; Fryer., $4 50(a»5 60: Broilers, *4(g,4 50
for large and $3 60 for small: Plgeon«, $1 50@'J 50
%* doz or you and $1 26 tor old.
GAM.X— English >nipe, $2 50@3 "^ dozen: Jack
Snipe, fl@l 60 ti doz; Bare, 76c@$l; Rabbits,
$1 50 for Cottontails and $ I@l 25 for small; Gray
Geese, $2@2 60; White Geese, 76c@?l; Brant,
$1 25@1 60; Honkers. $4
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 90c©xi %i box for choice, $1 35@1 50 for
fancy Red, &o@7sc for common; Eastern, SI 50
l^'J 50 %• bbl.
Persi umoui, 35@65c » box.
BI£RRIJ£H—
Eastern Cranberries: 56(5i7 50 V obi.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges continue neglected.
Mandarin Oranges are quoted at Sl($l 10 V box;
.Navel Oranges. S2@2 60; beedlinßS, *I@l 25:
Lemons, 76c@$x 25 lor common and $1 50@2 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, 5&@5 60; Califor
nia Limes. 91 50@l 75; Bananas, Sl©V3 * bunch;
Pineapples, $2(&l %t doz.
DRIED FRUITS, raisins, nuts, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Quotations on the Fruit Ex
change are nominally as follows:
carload Lots— Apricots are auotable at 6©9 c
for r.oyals and .HVfe@l2c for choice to fancy
.Moorpacks: Prunes, 3Ujc for the 4 sizes. Peaches,
4@5%c for prime to choice, 6%@7c for fancy and
9igi!oc for peeled in boxes: Apples. 6@5U.; for
evaporated and J^'J^jc for sun-dned; fears, 2Va
@5c for prime to choice, 4@rji.oc for quarters ana
t>@6Mj<3 lor halves: Plums, 4c for pitted and 1%0
fo • utipltted: .Nectarines, 3V^@4V>c for choice and
6i or. tor laccy; Wulte Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2 14
Jobbing Pricfm— Peaches, 4V»@sVic %l tt>:
fancy, 6Vsj®7V 2 c $ Ib; peeled. l'^tc ¥> Ib. Apri
cots, 6 1 /2(*Uc t«- Jb: Jaucy, 10c; Moorparks. iv!@
13c; evaporated Apples, 5«; c; sun-dried, 2%@3c;
Prunes. 4 @4c for the 4 sizes; Figs, black, 3c for
impressed an . 3©3% c for pressed: white Figs, 4c;
Plums, 4Vs&&c lor pilled and l%c for unpitted:
Nectarines, 4(&6c f* Ib for prime n> fancy: Pears,
"lii'iific for whole. 4Vfe@sVaC tor quarters and
41 .tLtiioC for halves.
k.vl>f.\s—
Carload Pricks — Four- crown, loose, 68/ 8 c;
three-crown, 43/ g c "$ Ib; two-crown, Ss/gc *** H>;
seealess sultauas, 6V3C; seedless Muscatels, 4S/gc:
three-crown London layers, $1 15; clusters, SI bO:
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, S3;
•dried Crapes. 3c * tt).
Jobbing Prices— San Francisco— Four-crown,
loose, SS/ic; 3-crown, 48/ic: 2-crown, S ic: seed
less Sultanas, 53. 4 c. 6<-edless Muscatels, 4 1 2 c :
3-crown Louuon layers, $1 25; clusters, SI 60;
Liehtsa clusters, S- 75: imperial dusters, S3 25.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at Bv<4lOc:8 v <4lOc: Walnuts,
6Vii' r «7c %♦ 11. for standard and 6(g,9i/2C i* Ib for
suitsiieU: Almonds, 66$t>y 2 c for I.aiiKUedoc, 3^5
3VaC lor. hardshell and'&jj'.f • ¥ tb for paper- shell;
PrMints, ;,'a<K- ft Ib for 1 astern and 4c for Cali
fornia: Hickory Nuts, s(&t>c r ib; Pecans, 7V«(S I
be ft Ib; FUlx-rts, 7i*.@Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7Vi<aSc;
Cocoa *4(a5 ? 100.
HONEY— Comb. 10®12%c for bright and B@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6«tsi 2 c;
light amber extracted 4J-2@4 : ; 4 e; dark amber. ,
4<84y 2 c: dark, 2roßc » Ib.
LhtSWAX- 22(a»28c t* In.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS- Bacon, 6c f( Ib for heavy, 7o
Ib for light medium, O^c for light, 10c |4 Ib for
extra light and 11 ' r ¥ Ib for sugar-cuied. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12@12i/2C: California
Hams. 10(c.l0y 2 c: Mess Beer, $7,0.7 50; extra
me->» do, tH(g,H &0: family do, »9 50@10; extra
prime Pork. *7 50 (a. 8: extra clear, $1« t* bbi;
mess. $14 ft bbt: Smoked Beet 10c »i Ib.
LARD— Eastern. tterres is quoted at 6%c for ,
compound and 6@6%c for puie: palls, 7c: CMll
forulK tierces, :ng,b^c ft Ib for compound and 6 1 40 |
for pure: half-bbls, b^c: 10-2. tins, 7i,ic; do, 6-lb.
7V2C f, Vb.
CurruLKSK- 6S6Vicln tierces and 7%©«Va<3
in 10-Ib tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell lc j
Vlb under sound stock. Heavy salted steers, 8c: |
medium, 7c t* Ib: llsht, tie 'p, Ib; Cowhides. 6c-.
salted Kip, 6c V Ib: salted Calf, "as.be; salted
Veal, 6(d.7c: dry Hides. lz@l3o. V Ib : culls and
brands. 9@loc: dry Kip and Veal,9Oioc;dry Calf.
15c: cults. 10c; Goatskins, . 20035 c each: Kids, I
6c; Detrskins, cood summer, -be > Ib: medium, I
•Me; winter, 10c; Mieeosklns, snearlings, 10©'J0c
each; short, wool. 25l£35ceach; medium, 30<g»»5c
each; lone wools. 40@60c each.
1 ALLOW— No. 1, r«-nderod, 3@3V4c; No. 2, 2V^c;
reliii.xl. Dc; Grease, 2c t*. tb.
WOOL— We quote Fall Wool as follows: Free
northern, 7@B» /3 c V Ib: middle counties, free. 6^.®
7c; do. defective, 4 1 /j(<fi*'C: San Joaqain, 3@6c: ao,
foothill, 6(g,7c: Eastern Oregon. 7($10c: Valley
Oregon, fall and lambs', 1001 lc ¥ &>.
HOPS— 6<&Bc for lair to choice and 9@loc %> Ib
for. fancy.
GENERAL MKKCUANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 4S/4c; Jane-
July delivery, 4" r: San Quenlln, 94 65; Wool
Bass. 24Va@26i/C,-.
COAL— A circular for Australia says: "The very
small receipt o Coals for the pas' thirty days have
aided to materially reduce the present stocks of
Australian la yard, still there has been no change
in values, as there Is an ample' quantity of other
gruic ■. on hand to supply all immediate demands.
The total amount- of Australian to arrive In the
next sixty days does not fool up 20. 000 tons, so
that arrivals of Colonial cannot disturb the mar
ket. There have been liberal engagements of Coal
tonnage from Newcastle tor late loading at about
12s 6d per ton. Most of iheitecareoe* have been
uUpo.edof some time since to some of our Urge
consumers. Tne difference In freight rate* be
tween English and Australian Coal shipments will
seriously diminish sales of the former and lead to
liberal contracts being made for the Utter. The
present outlook for a bounteous harvest Is very
encouraging, signifying a lar<e number of carriers
;to transport our crop. This will necessarily lean to
an Influx of vessels, tnree- fourths of which will be
Coal carriers, thus assuring us a full supply of for
eign coal (principally Australian) the latter por
tion of the year. The Increased rate of Insurance
placed on Wallseud Coal Is causing liberal ship
ment of lower-priced grades from Newcastle! Wel
lington is quotable at SH ¥ ton: New Wellington,
18 V ton: fouthtield Wellington, 97 50 ¥ ton;
Seattle, $5 SO: Bryant, *5 50: Coos Bay. 94 75;
Wallseud, 60; Scotch. : Brvrabo, ; Cum
berland. 913 M) in bulk and 916 In sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite E«, *-ll(a>12 *» ton: Welsh
Anthracite. 9h@lo; Cannel, »8 * ton; Rock
Spring*. Castle Uate and Pleasant Valley, 97 60;
Coke. 9Hiar2 in bulk and SIS V- ton In sks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quote*, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 6%c;
PowdereJ, 6c; Fine Crushed, 5V%c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c: Confectioners' A, 4*/»c: Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 37/ 8 c: Golden C, 3»/ic; half barrels
Vie more than barrels, and boxej 1/3 - more.
SAN" FRANCISCO MEAT MAKKKT.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEKF— First quality, 6@6Vfce: second. 6@6VzC;
third do, 4@«VSC -# H>.
VKAL— Large, 6@7c: small. 7@Bo Ik
MUTTON'- Wethers, 6%@7c: Ewes, 6©6Vic
i.AJIB-Hprlng 10@llc 9 Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, a@3V4o 1* 1b for large and
3s,@3i/ aC Or small ana xneillnm; dressed do, 40
5c * Hi.
RKCKIPTi OF PRODUCE.
for 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks ... i 30' 11 My. i0n5....._ 120
heat, ctls ... i Butter. cti»..._ .176
Barley, ctU . 1,540 Clieeso, cUs....^ 74
Bean*, sKs KirK* a 0»..,. ,„ 6 070
Corn, ctls Hides, no „ 083
Eastern 400 ! Pelts, bdls „ 335
Oats, Or., ctls 745 ! Wins, pals....^. 33,200
Utah 3tto' Leather, r0115.... 65
Potatoes, ales.... J,6K»» : Wool, bis 188
Onions, s«i..._ 4g(j Lime, bbis. ...... 81
Middlings, sks... Tallow. ct15...... 80
Bran, sks , 325
THE STOCK MARKET.
Wining stocks showed no change worthy of note
yesterday, but there was an upward tendency at
the cloie.
The dividend of 75 cents of the Alaska Packers'
Association Is on 48 000 shares, payable on the
12th
The 6 per cent bonds of the Edison Ll?nt and
Power Company were ex-coupon of $1 SO yester
day.
Tbe delinquent assessment sale of the Consoli
dated California and Virginia «itl be held to-day.
Work wag resumed yesterJay In ih<- face of the
south drift on the iwenty-sixtii floor oj the 1750
slopes of the Consolidated California and Virginia
mine. The twenty-sixth floor corresponds closely
to the 1550 level, and It was In this south drift
that rich ore 16 to 18 Inches wide, averaging by
assay »217 per ton, was found two weeks ago.
The joint Confidence Challenge Con. and Con.
Imperial west crosscut No. 1 froiu the surface
tuunel is now out 934 feet, having been advanced
14 feet during the week. The face shows porphyry.
j No ore was taken out of the mine during the week.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past,
week amounted to six carloads of ore of the aver
age car sample assay of $61 07 per ton. On the
1100 level of the Caledonia mine they, have
cleaned up 475 feet of dirt, repaired the track and
resumed work in the face of the southwest drift
and mended the same 6 feet; total length past
east crosscut No. 1. 72 feet; formation vein
porphyry with seams of clay.
i.c. — .. %.^t:s.
Following were the tales In the San Francisco
•Stock Board yesterday:
RKGULAR MOKMNB SESSION. COMMENCING 9:30.
500Ancl««, 11:800 CCdtV...2O«USO Ophtr 96
300 Bdtß 63 60 Conn i.lu'lOJ Potosl 48
lOj Chalice.. .49il()U a& C .. 45 300 49
300 Choir 90 200 HAN, . .1.15 Union 0.-37
100 Bl|lOOOccldtl_..ls
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2 :SO.
100 Eelcner...;j;i:lOJ C l>oiiit.>3l|2o3 P0t0t1....49
5(00 H&ii 66100 0 AC 4711U0 Savage ....47
, 200 Choir 913UJ Mexcn.... 141100 » J<w*l..3l
I 1350 CU<fcV.2.lUMoQOccdl- 15 1
Following wera the salei in the Pacific Stoc k
Board yesterday:
BEorus SESSION — 10:80.
200 Ainu*.. ...lJ|:^OJ C 1mp.... .01 100 Occldti.... 15
100 A1ta. ...... 07 02 400 14
200 Andes.... )li3oo C Point..*; »0) Ophlr.-. ..87
300 Belch«r....VS -.00 Excbcir. 600 96
9J» BAB 6-i|JsoU<*c 45 200 98
1200 65300 4t _>0) Potoil SO
6uu l.uiiicu....(;: 150 ..1.15 I'J ) Savage... .47
1:00 Caleda....lO 100 Justice.. -OS 300 8 8AM. ..09
800 Chllnge... 48:500 Julia 02 iO J * &>*„.. 42
260 ChoUar...B9'Joo Kentuck..t)S 50 Slnrd-.-lVa
700 CC*V2.O2y 2 1000 LWash..ol Union....
400 tf.<Ju;2oo Mexican. .43 10 J UuUi. .....04
100 2.05 300 Ovrmn....lS|3oJ V Juki _..3O
5J C0nn.. .1.10 !
AFTERNOON SESSION— 2:30.
aioAlrh«.«..ll 200 CCAV...2.05 30J PotOCl 48
203 Andes IK'iOO 2i^Boa 50
300 .13 600 2.1b|200 .53
40D Belcter.. 400 2.17% 20 J fcavare....47
200 ...........30 CrwnPi..3. 400 .. 49
600 B Jt B 66 200 £xchqr...os 200 55W......41
200 eeeoo'uAu 47400 ... . 42
61)0 67 300 ....46 900' 43
iOO ...A 68 800 46i150 8tnrd....16A
400 ..... 69 200 H&N...1.15130U Union... ..«,*
30*1 i union... .05 .00 Mexican. .43 300 38
'MO Caleda....lt 300 45 Mil Utah 04
200 cua11K«...48 400 Occd 14 700 05
100 51 300 Ophlr 98 40J V JCK1....30
3.'.J Choir 9u 300 I. do 800 .... 33
400 93200 ..... l.li'.'i^tiUO ...... 34
100 Conn... 1.1U20U Ovrmn....i3
H.Obl2ii\* fjI'OXATIONI
" TUESDAY, Feb. 2-4 p. it
£1)1. A I* f. AULAttont.
*fph«rvm 10 11 Jaiu _ — 06
A1t*.... ........ 07 08 Justice! — 06
Andes. 11 13 Kentuck.....^ 02 08
Belcher 30 Si" Lady Wasa,.... _ 12
Best <£ Beloasr 70 71 Mexican 40 40
Benton Coa.. . 17 — Nevada Qaeea. — C 4
Bullion _ US 06 Occidental.... IB 16 I
Caledonia, 10 l.'uphlr.. 1.00 1.05
Coollar 94 96 Overman.... 12 14
Cou.CalAVa... 2 -'0 2.25 fotosL ... 61 62
Cballenca Coa. 49 CO :-s.vajjH. ... 4U 6U
Con. imperial. 01 i ,. scorpion. ..._ — Ob
Confidence 1.10 1.15>».ee. Belcbse... 08 09
Ud .\a»- Yari — 03 silver Hill 01 12
Crown Poiuu.. 32 33 sierra Nuv*4». 44 45
Kastuterra^'er — -standard 1.60 1.66
.Eureka Con. _ — Syndicate. .... 03 14
fc.xcheo.uer 03 Ot Union uon..... 39 40
Uouia Curry. 49 60 Utah „ 03 06
iiKitd^Norora. 1.15 1.20 Y«UOW jaOJUt. 82 83
Jackson ... — 36
• AOCii. AM> miMj EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 3 -4 P. K.
UN IT It T> STATUS Bo>Us.
SittAtkea. Bht. jltked.
CS<9 cons. ll2 — D S4sreg...lU» llOVa
Do new uauel23 —
Miscm.u.vEon t,o-C^
Cal-stCblsßs.llOV^ — Oak Gas 55.. - 104
CalElecL. 63126 130 Do 20. is 65... 1031^,110
CntraU\V6s 93 S5 omnibus Us.. 121 V^l 22 Vi
DpDl-stex-cp — B'Vi P&O Ry Us. — 113
id»D 1,4P6ji:6 129 l'ACli liy Us. — 103
] li UK tiaiOO 107 Pwl-st KR 65114 119
Utarvbl KSsIOJ — iieno. \Vl«feL — 101
Jli'isJVlua — |tactoP<fcL. - 100
LosAngL6« - 100 SKANrits*.. 1001,41003;
DoGnteed 6s — 101 bFKKArlzas lUVa —
MKt-stCble6sl227g - jsFRRCaI 112 -
DoKyCOD 6s. 108 M'itlU'n!s*. — 100
NatVlntis Ist — 100 |~PBrRCal6s. 97 98
KevC>gß7s.lO3 105 SV Water 6s. 120 120%
X KyCal tfs.loo — |^VWater4a.lUOVilOO^
>Ky Cal os. — 95 IstktnG&EtJi — iOli 2
W4TKR STOCK*. 'I' .'/•;
Contra Cost* 3SV& aev^^prug Valley 97 97 V
MarlnCO..... — 62 1
GAH AND ELECTKIC STOCK*.
Capital. - 25 Fao <as Imp 91 92i,i
Central 96 — Pacific Liens 45&4 4HV 2
Edison Light — 127 Franosco — . !H> 1 4
MKleoLlgnc — 10 Stockton — -0
OakGL&H 64 54» /4 j
INSI'RANUK BTOCKV
Flreman'sFdlßo 190 |Sna .*... _ —
COMUEUCIAL BANK STOTICt.
Anglo-Cat.... 61 — First Nation! —
BanlcofCal.. — 240 |l.ondonP&A.l27Val»o
C*l &UJtTCoIOB HO JMerchEx.... VI —
MVIN9S BANK STUCK*.
GerS<&LCo-1360 1450 Sav&Loaa.. _ 103
llutnbSAL.llOJ — Security. ....24} — -
Mutual ... 3i — Union Trust. Bls 873
tifc&a\ Union — 480
California.... 107 110 OakSL&Hay — 103
Ueary-st..._ — 60 Presidio 4V« sSyi
Markei-51.... 43 «3 J ?il
fUWK" STOCK V
Atlantic D... 18 17 Giant C0a.... SO 32
California.... 75 - — Vlgorlt 60c 80c
Kaoloru D.... 76 — I
MIBCItI.LAN-F.r)tT^ STOCK*.
Alaska Pkrs. 103^104 V 4 Nat Vln Co. _ fn/m
Her Lead Co. HO 100 ceaolcSSCo 24 —
UawCtSCa. 16 171,4 Pac Adz F A — 4
Hutch Poo 23i^| 23% PacßoraxCo. 95 —
MtrKxAssa.. — 110 Pan PalntCo — 7
BALKS — MUIL\U< »»MiJj.
Foam—
SO Giant Powder Con 80 00
50 do ao cash. „ SO 00
80 do do ...-. so 25
405 Hntchlnson 8 PCa... . ..^ 23 50
10 S F Gaslight, s 10 98 75
Kire^t —
30 Pacific Gas Imp. 82 00
$1000 8 P Branch Railway Bonds. 97 00
p »ALla-rA ni(u.yoo.\ i^lllK
Jtfi«r<l—
15 Edison Light * Power C 0..... 127 00
150 HuichlDiion s i" Co. — » a3 62Va
10 Oceanic Co : 25 00
10 do do 24 75
JO do do 24 60
40 do do 24 25
380 do do .„ ■ 24 00
65 BFGaslleht *)8 74
10 8 V Water 97 26
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Anna B. Strohmaier. Christopher CL Wucherer,
Leonora Otto and Charles Oroezinger to Petro
Michelettl. lot on Sh, comer of Lombard ami
Uough streets, S 6V:6 by E 84: $10.
Caroline M Fair or Nelsoo and Charles L. Fair
to Charles s. Neal, lot on > line of Fell street.
131:3 \V of Lott. \V 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Henry and Annie K. i'avot to Excelsior Loan
Association, iot on S line of FredericK street, 30 E
of Tremont avenue, E 2b by S 102: $10.
George W. and Carrie M. Wright to Mary (X,
Jennie C. and Peter J. Flnley, lot on S line of
Eighteenth street, 80 X of Capp, S 42:6 by S 35;
$10.
Ernie H. Elmquest to Ida E. Peterman, lot on
W line of Shotweil sireet, 110 N of Twenty-third,
N 25 by W 12*2:6; gift.
Horace G, Knapp to OUof B. and Clara M. Hed
strom, lot on W line of Eureka street, 97 IS of
Nineteenth, H M by W 83; $10.
Joseph A., Mary F., Charles A., Sllvera, Martin
I>. and >elll*< Nichols ana Marcia J. or Marcin J.
Champion or Mchols to Bemnard A. and
Juhanues Schmidt, lot on 8K rorner of Clay and
block ton strreis, X B8:9 by 8 69:8; $10.
Chants J. aud Bertha Behlow to Emelie M.
(Jhabot, lot on F. line of Powell street, 102 :tt Nof
O'tarrel, N 35 b/ JE 137 :ti: $10.
Bartlett Doe to Chares U Tilde n, undivided
47- 1--0 interest of lot on Nff corner of jEI Dorado
and l'e Haro streets, N 346:9, HW 70:0 V», W
164:6, S 2UO, B 100, B 201), X 100: flO
FredTlck W. and Mary E. Bridge to William
J. Kllday, lot on E line <f Second avenue, 175* N
of Clemeut street, > 25 by E i'2o: $10.
Horace 3. Searon to Mary E. Sea on, lot on S
line oi B street. 107:6 E of Twenty-tlrst avenue,
E 1»2:6 by 8 100: ulso lot on X line of Tweuty
lirst avenue, 175 S oi B street, s 30:6, E 240. R
68:8, W 120, S 35, W 120: also lot on >X corner
of B street and Kighteenth avenue, X 120 by s
100: also lot on \v line of 'l weoty-tbird aveuue,
175 & of B street, S iil :7, 8W 1 1 1 :2. thence to B
street, 110:11 W of Tweuty-thlrd avenue, N 20:7,
E 111:1; «.
LAui.« and Rose Liprr.&n, London and San Fran
cisco Bank (limited) to .fumes Keenan, lot on X
lint* of 'I iMi. h avenu-, 275 Nof l street, N26 by
E 120: $10.
Solomon and Dora Get?.. Solomon J. and Bertlia
Lew t3 Abble Williams, lot on W line of Thirty
nfth avenue. 150 S of I street, SSO by W 120: *1U
leter Feu rler to Hose Feuirler. lot on E line of
Thirty-four. h avenue, 276 ts ol Q street, a6O by
E 1.0: gift.
Faunle Caley to Margaret Eastman, lot on W
line of Faxon avenue. 50 N of De Monttort street,
N 50 by \V 100, being a portion of lon 1 to 4. bioc*
24. Lakeview; $10.
f. M. and Mary C. Clarlcson to Charles M. and
Julia A. bhore, lot on W line oi Brighton avenue,
150 X of lioiloway, N 50 by W 112:6, being lots
50 and 51, block 4. Lalceview; #10.
Charles W. Dowsing to (J^celie Scbarpen, lot on
W line of Mndison street. 45 :1 »of Silver avenue,
bSS:I. »W 117:7. NW 25, -■» X 139 5-24, being lot
4, biOCK 68, Silver Heights; $10.
AI.AUEDA COUNTY.
Mary L. Hand to Flora J. Forest, lot on E line
of Va dn stfeet. 233.61 N of Kirn or Tweuty
fourth. N 25, E 98 ttH. ft! 27.30, W 109 95 to begln
uing. being lot 13, bloc* B, subdivision Webster,
Twenty-fourth and Valdez street property, Oak
land $750.
August and LouUa Kroschel to William Mann,
lot ou St line of Kigbtn avt-nue, 50 SW of Kmsl
Twenty -third street, SW 75 by Sfc 100, block 13/,
East akland: $10.
William M. and Annie E. F. Stewart to Jane I*
(executrix estate of Iceland Stanfordl, undivided
half interest in blocks 37, 38. 45 and 46, Bray
property, excepting lots 4 and 5, block 4rt. and
strip of land on U side lot 1. block 37, 33 feel wide
the length o< said lot on Webster street, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
N. Haul to Mary Floyd, lot beginning at NW
corner. Leonard Iract, i hence XX along >X line of
county road No. 818. 55 feet, thence UEito N line
right of way C. P. K. H. Co., tee nee SW to >w
corner Leonard Tract, thence XW 100 to begin
ning, being portion of Leonard Tract, town of
Livermore, Murray Township; $575.
John Driscoll to Katie F. Gllman. lot on W line
of Campbell street, 25:7^4 Nof Pacific, N 25 by
W 74:3, being lot 25, block 466, revised map of
Gibbons property, Oakland: gitt.
Catharine S. Frank to A. F. Manban and Jose
F. Pedro, lot on N corner of East Fourteenth street
and Nineteenth avenue. N\V 50 by NEB 2. being
the front ><2 feet of lots 11 and 12, block .20, Sau
Antonio. East Oakland; $10.
William J. tingee (and as attorneyi aud Vir
ginia R. Dinsee (by attorney) to Joeph C. anl
ManeC. Nicholas, Jot on W line of Silver f.treet,
125 S of Wemon avenue, S 38 by W )00, being the
s 25 feet of lots 1 and i, block C, Broadway and
Teiegraph-avenue Homestead. Oakland Town-
ship: $>.
Richard J. Montgomery (executor of estate of
Margaret P. McConrtney) to E. Frledberg. lot on
8 line of Forty-fourth street, 104:4 W of Telegraph
avenue, \V E0 by 8 100. lot sM, block 2100, Me-
Courtney Tract, Oakland Township, except cut
tages on said lands: $400.
L. W. McUlaufltnto Susan A. McGlauflin, lot on
B line of Paru ntreet, 100 N of Dayton avenue, E
147, S 10ft W 147, N iOO to beginning, block Q.
Oak Park Track. Alameda, subject to mortgage,
gift.
WhatlWonlil Be Left.
At a certain night school in London the
teacher asked bis class the following
question:
"If I had 1000 preen gooseberries and ate
999 what would I have left?"
After a moment's pause one of the
pupils holdinc up his hand was asked by
the teacher for his answer, when in a
brisk manner the lad replied:
"One gooseberry jind the stomach
ache." — Exchange.
THJS CALL CALENDAR.
OCJKAN STKAMJSKS.
STKAMKKS TO AKKIVii.
bU>f, MOON AiSi> AIJUJS.
United States Coast and Oeodwttc Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at I'OKT Point, ENTRANCE TO
Sax Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority of the superintendent.
Note— The high and low waters occur at tba
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
five minues later than At Fort Point; me height
of tide in thi« same a: both placet.
February — 1897.
Not«— ln the above exposition of the tides th«
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second tlm«
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as somettmej
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ths
height, and then the number given is subtract! v«
from the depth given by tbe charts.
SOTICt: TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographla
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited 10 visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on nun l tor com
, parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory ai Mare Island,
Cat. •
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any, Is
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following day.
W. & Hushes.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. iv charge,
Th» Time Ball.
lii.vcH hybrogkaphio Oman. XT. nJxJ >
lIFBCHANTS' KXCHASH* ■ V
Ban Fk an Cisco. February 3. 1837. I
The time ball on TeiegraDa Hill was aronMl
exactly at noon to-day— L c., m noon of the 1-iKj
meniUau, ox exactly at *•. it, Greenwich Unas.
* W. s. Hushes,
Li*ntenant U. S. >".. tncnarte.
Sill *-*-*-■.%» i.N'l tL,i.lv»jtJSCii.
Arrive I.
WEDNESDAY. February 3.
StmrGeo Loomls, Bridget!, 33 hours from Ven
tura; 6314 bbls oil. to Pacific Coast Oil Co. Up
river direct.
Stmr Mexico, Jepsen. 60*54 hours from San
Diego and way ports; pass ana mdse, to Goodall,
Pertcln.s & Co.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefield, 85 bra frm Tacoma:
3500 tons coal, to S P Co.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 18 hours from
Greenwood; mmoer and r r ties, to L E White
Lumber To.
Stmr Tillamook, Hansen, Hi hours from Astoria;
lumber, to Pollard it oodge.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 23 hours from Caspar:
351' .vi ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Ship Sterling, Davis, 74 days from Newcastle,
NSW: 2400 tons coal, 60 tons tin, to Alaska
Packers' Assn.
Bark C D Bryant. Lee, 14 days from Honolulu;
•25,135 bags sugar, to Williams, Dlmond A Co.
i.kui » N Castle. Uubbard, 15 days trim Hono
lulu; pass and mdse, to J l> Hpreckels it Bros Co.
brig W G lrwin. Williams, 11 das from Hono
lulu: pass and snuar. to J D Sperclcels <S5 Bro« Co.
Schr S Danlelson, Vogel, 7 days from Point
Arena: wood. ioKA Gil bride.
Schr Lily, Bottger, 9 days from .tmpqua Kiver;
lumber and produce, to Gardiner Mill Co.
Scnr Challenger, Sonerud, 23 days from New
Whatcom: 400 ji it lu.uuer. to I H Baxter.
Schr Etta B. Bourne, 26 hours from Fort Ross:
SO bzs butter, to Boss & Hewlett.
«- IWMII
WEDNESDAY. February 3.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria ana Port
Townsend: GootliUl. Perkins & Co.
•Nor a ii, r Eva, Hansen, .Naualmo; John Rosen
fela's sons.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Br ship May field, Phillips, Queenstown: Epplo
ger & Co.
Ship John C Potter, Meyer, Nanaimo; George
Fritcn.
'Whal bark Horatio, West, whaling Won LewU.
• Wnal bark Andrew Hicks. Storey, wnaling: J
A Magee Jr.
Schr Prosper, Schroeder, Astoria; Alaska Pack
ers' Assn.
' Schr Mary and Ida, Carlson, codrithing; Pacific
Marina Supply Ca
tailed.
WEDNESDAY, February S.
Stmr Caspar, Anflndsen. Caspar.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. Newport and way ports.
Stmr Farallon. Roberts, Yaquina Bay.
Stmr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanalmo.
Stmr National City, Andresen, Greenwood.
Whal baric Andrew Hicks, bhorey, whaling.
Bchr Prosper, Schroder, cod fishing.
Schr Aloha, Dabel. Honolulu. . °
. Telegraphic.
POINT LOROS. 'Feb.' a— p. *."— Weather
thick; wind SE: veioci.y 13 mtlei.
Charter*.
The schr Allen A loads lumber at New What
com for Honolulu; Br ship Mount CarmeL lum
ber od the Sound for Cork-, 50s : ship Henry Vil
lard, sugar at Honolulu for New York.
" nnknn.
Per ship Sterling- Feb 1 abot 50 miles SW of the
iarallones saw a ship supposed to be iheßr»blp
Olnebank, from Newcastle, NSW, tor ban Fran-
CISCO.
Domestic Por'«.
GBEENWOOD-Sallea Feb 2-3tmr Whltes
boro. jorsaa Francisco. ---i. ->..,..
COOS 3AY_Returned Feb 3-Stmr Empire,
Bar rough.
for"caUao HATCOM Sa »ed Jan 31-BrbrakLoU.
poof COMA - Cleared baric Lyntoa for Liver
-I'OKT TOWNSEND-Arrived Jaa Si-Bark
Forest Queen, hence Jan "6.
daf,n,^^ LA^ ELEY - T ° sallJan Sl-Blttn en-
Pun i!^,i r Shanehal: Br ship Kate Thomas, for
Jan^B° MA ~ ArrlVe(l Feb 3 ~ Bh| P Vosemlte, hnce
carar Kf LOS AKGELKS Feb S-Stmr Al-
S8 A iraS o l . O - Sa " ed *'* *-*"' Cle °"' for
XJ^P REKA - ArriVed Feb 3-stmr Newsboy, frm
3™ XK n IA ArrlVe<l F<sb 3 Scllr Jennie Stella,
Ocliic Jail 1A
FoKT BKAGG-Arrlved F«b 3-Stmr Scotia,
hence Feo 2: stmr Weeott, hence Feb 1 F*b '•
btmr Protection, hence Feb 1.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb 3-Stmr Green
wood, hence Feb 2.
BAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 3-Schr Ethel Zane.
from Port Hadlocic : schr Meteor, from Tacoma*
schr Mabel >.ray, from Eureka. '
Sailed Feb 3— Stmr Pasadena.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 3— ;»ohr Gotama and
stmrs Csarlna, Alliance and Arcata, tor San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 3— 3tmr Del
Norte. for San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Jan 22— Baric Matilda, for
Port Townsend. Jan 23— Br atnir Coptic, for Yo
kohama.
CHEiIAINU 9— Bailed Jan Sl— Haw bark Rosa
lie, for Australia.
MOODY lLLE— Sailed Jan 31— Br bark Trow
brltlsj-, for Greenock.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Ff b 3— Haw stmr Zea
landla.
lloTimentl of Trans- Atlantic St»im«n.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Clrcissla,
from Naples; stmr Kensington, from Antwerp.
balled Feb 3— Stmr »t Paul, for Southampton; '
stmr Britannic, for Liverpool; stmr Friesiand, for
Antwerp: stmr Werkendaui, for Rotterdam.
SOUTHAMPTON- out Feb 3— Stmr
St Louis.
Sailed Feb 3— Btmr Havel., for New York.
ROTTERDAM.— sailed Feb 3— Stmr Maasdam,
tor New York.
LlZAßD— Paised Feb 3— Stmr Obdam, from
New York, for Rotterdam.
SClLLY— Passed Feb a— Stmr Karlsruhe, from
New York, for BremaD; s;mr Jlohaw'., from New
I York, tor London.
Importation*
HONOLULU— Per S N Cai<-..e-5010 bags rice,
123 bags coffee, 9>-03 bigssn«{ar. '" --■ •■' '
HONOLULU-i*er W <i Irwln— B773 bags sugar.
1 U-MPQUA-^er Lilly— bxs butter, 4 rolls
eathe, SI ska bark, 1 bdl bides, 1 bol pork.
CAS DIEGO- Per Mexlco-438 bis oranges, 537
bxs lemon*. 1 bicycle. 24 bxs limes. 9 pkgs mdse,
34 pcs curbing, 1 ox glass, 1 cs paint, 26 bxs tan
gerines.
Newport— 87 bxs oranges.
Redondo— 4 cs boon*. 316 bxsoran«res, 40 cs
canuad goods. 5 bales cotton waste. 1 bdl burlap, 'i
pki;s md.se, 3 bdla leather, a bxs lemons, 1 c* hats.
Port Los Angeles— 337 bxs oranges, 1 cs cream.
Santa Barbara— 1 bx buiter, 31 bxs lemons. '
Port Hartord— l bdl calfskins, 1 bal dry hides, a
cs cheese, 43 pkgs mdse, 1 bx paper, 70 bxs miuer,
Ibx tinware, 135 bxs apples, 1 coop chickens, 7
aks mustard, 1 a. beeswax. 1 bx fish.
Consignee*.
Per Lilly— Dodce. Sweener A Co: Johnson <fe Co;
McDonough<fc Runyon: order: Gardiner Mill Co.
Per W G Irwiii— J D Spreckels <*; Bros Co ; M 3
Qrlnbaum.
Per - N Castle— J D Spreckels A Bros Co; M
.Phillips <fc Co; JM H "'rinbaum: Hy man Bros.
Per il-xlco— -southern California Fruit Ex
change: Gets Bros <fc Co; Daltou Hros: J P Powles;
« ilson Bros; Bissimrer <k Co: Knterorlse Brewery -
Ch cago Brewery: Fredericksourg Brewery; Bui
teii k. Pub Co; SVltzel <& Baker; Labor Bureau; H.
H Sattler <fcCo; Dodge, Sweeney <S Co: Wm Cllne;
Ualry men's Union: Marshall <fc Reimers; Edward
Adams & So.i : Brigham, Hoppe& Co- Lhas Jacob
son <t Co: Smith's Cash Store: American Untoa
Fish Co: Russ, Sanders & Co; H Klrchmann <t Co;
G Berti <fc Co; E R Stevens <£ Co L Sea en »Jt< o-
Ullmer, BredhoiT & Schulz : Hnlse, Bradford & Co'-
Hills Bros; O Roihschild: A Galli Fruu Co- Ryua
& Newton: Campodonico& Malcolm: F stew..ri
W G Mauuel; H U Grreuuood: Levi Spiegel <ftCo-
Wetmore Bros: H 8 Emerson <fc Co; M A Taylor-
Gray & Barbieri: H S Hammoni; Gould & Jaudin-
WolJdß sou: Flynn <fe Tracy : W P Fuller & Co- j
H Cain <t Co: Wheeler & vViison: D Biagi &Co: Ci
X vi: *.o; J Ivancovicn >t Co: Wels-er dt Co*
D E Allison & Co: Hail Safe and Locx (.o: Page*
Son: Imm el <fe Co: Jas Murray: B J Pye: Trl?st *
Co: Swayne <fc Hoyt: s>B Hamilton; WeisterA
Co: Kullman, f>alz & Co: J lemartini <t to- Bell
<fc Co: Cobun, Tevls dt Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL: ''M'
fmwmmWMMM 8 The s - **. monowai j
UllSnlC salls v!a HONOLULU 1
[•C* Bi ""*'aad AUCKLAND Jor '
M SYDNEY. Friday,
*S *Sf OCi^r V \ February 8, at 2p. m
lEj^w^NiP^rnsninc) & s>. AUSTRALIA for
CylWlllljlll^^ HONOLULU only.
• (nK\f)WU-~ Tuesday. >ebruar.- 33.
£&^ VyiipUlCep at a P m. special party
rates.
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents.
, 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC €OAST_STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BKOADWAT A3.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: '" g<^
For Mary Island, Loring, W range), Juneau. Kll-
llsnoo and Sltka (AlasKa), at 9 a. x., Feb. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortos and
New Wcalcom (fielllngham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. ml
Feb. 4, 10, 15, 20, 25, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R»
R., at Taronia with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. My., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers. -
For Knreka, Arcala and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay), str. Pomona 2 p. m., Feb. 1, 5,9, 13,
17. 21. 35, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayncoa, *
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ban Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Feb. 8. 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, and every fouria
day thereafter. • -.^ ■:*'.*>'
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los An-
reles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Feb. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, and every fourth]
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pax and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. ii. 25th of each month.
l be Company reserves the right to change with-
out previous notice steamers, sailing dates and
hours or: sailing. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4 ■
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Gen'l Agent*.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
;';; DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
' From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. it
FA ~RT?/* lB First-class \ Including;
-T .AItL;»6 Second-class /berth <& meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: t
Columbia. Jan.23, Feb. 2, 12, 23 1
State of California ..Jan. 28, Feb. 7, 17, 27 A
' Through tickets and through baggage to aJv\
> Eastern points. - Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agont.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Superintendent!
COMPAGNE GENERAL TRAMTLASTIQUS
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER(NEVV),42 NOKTH >WR
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■eSafr
this line avoid both transit by English railway an I
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small ■
boat, i\ew YorK to Alexandria. Egypt, via Part*,
first class $160. second class 116.
LA N0RMAXD1E... .............. ..Feb. 13, 9A.lt
LAUOUKGOUNE .%.... .Feb. 20. 5 a.m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 27,8:30 a. m.
LA GA5C0GNE. ................ March 6. & a it
LA BKETAGXE. March 13, B*. M.
MS- For further particulars apply to
A. FOKGET, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Fianclsco." ■■•.-.: -.:;.-.-
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlngrton St.,
At 6 P. M. Daily. Freight received tip
: to.»:3i» P.M.
$S~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
I he only iiu,. selling through tickets aud giving
through "freight rates to all poln.s.ou Vulltsy
Rail road.
STEAMERS: — .
T. C. Walker. 3 J,P\ peters.
Mary Garrutt, City or Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Xav. aud Xmpt. Up
FOR TALIEJO AJD U. S. HAYY-YARD.
MI.AMKII "MOSTICKLLO," •
Dally ex. Saturday & Sun.. 10:30 a. it and 4 P.
t-aturdays ~ •10:30 a.m., 4 p. it ,
Sundays 8 e. n, J
Landing Mlsslon-stree- Dor-lc, pier a. I
. Telephone Black 281. r
•Trip gives 6 hours Bti>D a; Navy- Yard. /
FOR m JOSE, LOSGATOS&SASTACRU2 \
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER i \ nv
O day. Wednesday. Friday, at 10 Z^. a,^,
■1 uesdar. Thursday. Saturday, at 3 p J~ vfi^
and Passenger. Fare between San p f „ rreigui
Alviio, 50c; to San Jose. 75& ° ciiv 1 S »° * n . <lRAN TO FRIENDS
FOR PROTECTION
Alameda Has a Kindly
Interest in Little Crip
.. . pled Georgie.
His Father, Who Is Not an
. American, Is Required to
•. Make a Promise,
Agrees That He Will Not Strike His
Boy Until th-2 Tay After
Disobedience.
Oakland Office Saw Frakcisco Call,)
• ° • • •jOS Broadw..y, Feb. 3. j
"A delegation of people from Alameda
visited Mrs. Prescott, secretary of the
"Children's Society, yesterday in the inter
est of a little cripple boy named Georgie
.Campbell, both of whose legs were cut off
below the knee by a train.
A few nights ago little Georgia ran into
the, home of Mr. and .Mrs. Hanson, who
live near by, and told them he was afraid
lo : go to his own home, because his parents
wjt uld beat him. Mr. Hanson took him
■j¥tnic and pleaded lor him, but notwith
|<i:i:i>iine Georgie'a father was about to
VrWka him in Hanson's presence, when
*.-:>.» latter staled that no one should strike
a cripple in his sight. Hanson left, but he
ho sooner got outside the door than he
/heard the boy screaming, and knew what
had Happened. The people of Alameda
•consider that they have an interest in
little Georgie, because the coalyard which
-his father manages bears the sign, "Little '
Georgia's Coalyard," and they have fre
quently patronized it from feelings of
sympathy and charity.
. Campbell's father is proud of two
.'things and frequently boasts of them:
! One is that he is a Scotchman, another is
that he is not an American, and he resents
. any. interference with his family affairs,
even by those who are commissioned to
carry out American law.
■; Mrs. Prescott went to Alameda and in
vestigated the case and left word for Mr.
Campbell to come over and see her. His
wile stated that he most certainly would
not come, but nevertheless he appeared at
the office of the society this morning.
.After a conversation witn Mrs. Prescott,
he very defiantly stated that he would
manage his children in his own way, al
thougn he acknowledged that his other
two boys had already run away from
home and ihat Georgie could not for want
of legs. Mrs. Prescott told Campbell that
nhe would require from him a guarantee
that Georgie should not be ill treated lor
the next three months or else she would
prosecute. Campbell haughtily turned
and went out of the office.
A few minutes later he returned and
asked' what kind of a guarantee was
meant. He was told that his word would
be considered sufficient, and after a little
conversation he promised that he would
not strike the boy, no matter what he did,
when- he was angry, and would not punish
him for any offense till the day after it oc
curred', and at the end of three months he
promised to- again come and see the sec-
I Te\ary.
i .".Mr. Campbell is a firm believer in de-
Liaanding certain things of his children,"
paid Mrs. Prescott. "According to our
idea he carries this thing 100 far, and as
long as he has put up a sign that appeals
to the charity of Alamedans, because of
his son.- misfortune, they were naturally
hurt when they knew that little Georgie
h:.d gone to some one's house for protec
• tion. Campbell is a very stern parent,
.but I believe he* is a trustworthy man,
"■ and I have every confidence that he will
keep his word regarding his boy. From
what he tells me, Georgie is a long way
from.being an angel and certainly de
serves punishment, but being a criprle
•Ire. is certainly deserving of a little
cnarity."
■ ' Meanwhile, the friends of little Georgie
are congratulating themselves that his
stern father, who boasts of not being an
' American, has been given to understand
that so long as he lives here certain little
legal ideas must be obeyed.
TO AID THE HOMELESS.
Ltcal Organization to Care for Chil
dren and Find Huiuei fop Them
in Good Families.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 3.— The follow
ing-named ladies have been elected officers
of the local advisory board of the Cail
dren's Home-finding Society of California;
President, Mrs. Holt; vice-president, Mrs.
Beardsley; secretary, Miss Emma San
som* treasurer, Mrs. G. T. Watterson.
T!ie other members of the board are:
Mrs. L. S. Shannon, Mrs. Hickman, Mril
FIRST WHITE LADY RESIDENT OF OAKLAND.
( OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. S.-Mrs. Bridget Hougham, who has resided in this
city longer than any other white woman, died last night after a Jife of 75 years.
Mrs. Hougham was the first white woman to drive a buegy in the streets of the
. little gathering of houses near the foot of Broadway that constituted the Oakland
of 1852. She was one of the few women who came around the Horn in 1849, and
her trip on tne ship Balance was a very tiresome one. In 1852 she moved to this
city, where she has resided ever aince with her husband, H. D. Hougham, a well
known engineer. During all her life Mrs. Hougbam has been known as a chari
table woman and a most devout Catholic. She was born in County Cavanagh,
Ireland. She will be buried from Father King's church on Friday morning.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
C. A. Grant, Dr. May Fletcher, Mrs. Field
ing, Mrs. White, Mrs. William Johns.
This society is non-sectarian, and its
mission is to seek homeless, neglected
and destitute children and to become tbeir
friend and protector, and to find homes
for them in well-to-do families. Ine Cali
fornia Society was organized in December,
1895. Mrs. S. L. Coxe is the authorized
solicitor of this city, and any moneys
should only b<s paid to her. She will also
be glad of the names or homeless children
or a home desiring a child.
Came Ilonie to Hip.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Feb. 3.— Henry Molk,
a Native Son aged 24, died at. his home,
corner San Antonio avenue and St.
Charles street, at 7 o'clock this morning.
He had suffered for ten years from lung
trouble, and only yesterday came home
from the hospital in San Francisco.
Well Patronized Library.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 3.— librarian
Ha. bourne left this morning for Sacra
mento, where he will work in the interest
of the bill providing for the election of
library trustees in cities of the fifth class,
instead of appointing as at present. Hit
report riled last ni^ht shows 151 new
members received during January, and 137
new volumes, 115 by purchase. Four
thousand and thirty-nine books of fiction
were issued, or 51.7 per cent; 1124 juven
ile, 14. 2 tier cent; and of all other classes
2747, or 34.1 per cent; total 7910 volumes.
The average daily circulation was 416 vol
umes. Tnere were 1597 visitors at the
West End reading-room.
Have Secured Mr. Munhali.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Feb. 3.— The Pastors'
Union of this city has secured the Rev.
L. W. Munhali, D.D., to hold special
services at the close of his work in Oak
land. He will be here two or three weeks
and it is expected that one of th« largest
halls of the place will be used.
Death Calls a Young Wife.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Feb. 3.— Mrs. Winni
fred Tysqn, wife of James Tyson of 1540
Central avenue, died this morning. She
was one of the best-known and popular
members of local society and church
circles. She was born and reared in
Alameda. She was the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. S. M. Haslett and was married
about a year ago. She was but 24 years of
ace. Her death was due to an affection of
the brain.
LEGISLATORS ON RECORD.
Tell the Equality Society Their Ideas
of Suffrage.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 3.— The Political
Equality Society of Alameda County held
a very lively meeting yesterday afternoon.
There was a heated debate over some
points of parliamentary law, which the
president, Mrs. Isabel Baldwin, very
quietly settled, according to a ruling
made by Susan B. Anthony. The
trouble arose over the election of the new
recording secretary, and Mrs. Alfred
Stebbins was elected. Mrs. Morris Wood
hams and Mrs. Olive Babcock figured in
the debate, but their points of order were
either not well taken or wer • considered
as being out of order, for they received no
recognition from the chair, and when the
minutes of this meeting are submitted for
approval at the next gathering there will
likely be a strenuous effort made to have
them altered.
The following resolution, which was
passed at a previous meeting, has been
sent to the Alamedn delegation at Sacra
mento: "Resolved, that members of the
State Legislature wh ) represent tin
county of AhimeJa be and nereby are
most earnestly requested to u«e their in
fluence in favor of ;i resubmittini: oi the
constitutional amendment giving suf
f. age to women. ''
Senator Siratton and Judge Waymire
were in favor ol'resuhjmissiun. Assembly
man North said he would give the mailer
consideration and Assemblyman Leavitt
promised to <Jo the same, nltbough he
frankly confessed he was opposed to the
amendment.
MONEI AGAINST MEMBERS.
The Question Agitating the Centennial
Prrsbytefian <■ hurch.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 3.— The meeting
of the Oakland Presbytery last evening at
the Centennial Presbyterian Church has
left a bad state of affairs and more will be
heard of the mattor in a short time. Tne
Rev. R. X Coyle, D.D., in speaking of the
affair, says: "From what I can gather,
not being acquainted with ihe details, I
think there must be a wide division in
the church. There seems to be a pre
ponderance of money on one side and a
lar^e majority of the members of the
church on the other."
Dr. Ellis made the following statement
to-day:
In the matter of the Centennial Church
the status is that after preaching two monihs
to tae congregation the elders a->ked Dr. Ellis
to write hit terms upon which he would accept
a call. One tnintr he specified which has be
come the bone of contention, to wit: "I will
not consent to be installed until the congrega
tion can pay the salary of $2<KK)." He has ad
hered to that as the basis of contract and
steadily declines to be installed up to this
time. The majority of the trustees and a mi
nority of the elders, together with that por
tion of the church bearing the financial bur
den, stand with Dr. KUi». The complainants
are the same as those who opposed Rev. Camp
bell Coyle two years ago, from which the
church nas not recovered. The result of the
meeting of the presbytery last evening was to
refer the matter to the congregation In the
Immediate-future and then the presbytery for
final action.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1897.
FERRO DENIES IT ALL
His Boy Was Not Shot to
Death at the Whittier
Reform School.
Portuguese Greatly Concerned
Over the Story About One
of Their Number.
An Editor Was Cruelly Imposed Upon
and Wi 1 Publish a Full
Explanation.
Oakland Office Sait Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 3. )
The Portuguese residents in the vicinity
of Haywards are considerably worked up
over a story that was published in th*
Portuguese Daper last weeK. The article
that has aroused their indignation refers
to the son of one of their number, who
recently died at the Whittier Reform
Fchodi.
It states that Frank Ferro, the son of
Frank and Mary Ferro of Haywards, was
shot and beaten to death at the echooi.
The Dumps and Stagnant Pools Which Threaten the Lives of 500 Schoolchildren and Which the
Board of Health Has Been Asked to Improve.
This story has been denied by the parents
and an investigation is being made and
the editor of the paper has promised that
he will publish the explanation next
Saturday.
The translation of the article is as fol
lows: "Was buried last Sunday Frank
Ferro, aged 15 years, son of Frank and
Mary Ferro. The boy died at the Reform
School, where he was sent on correction
on account of his bad habits. He at
tempted several times to run away and it
is said his death was not natural, but from
being s.ot and the beating be received at
the school. There was no autopsy, but
the fact of his beine sent in the coffin
already dressed for burial indicates a
suspicion."
Mr. Ferro indignantly denies that his
son was ill treated. He say-, that death
was due to natural causes and that his son
was sent home in a coffin decently pre
pared for burial. He is of the opinion
that some one imposed on the editor of
the Portuguese paver to gratify some pri
vate purpose, and he is making earnest in
quiry to get at the bottom of the whole
matter.
Oakland May Help India.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 3.— Mayor Davie
received the following telegram from
Mayor Phelan to-day:
'■Will your people aid us in sending
cereal products and money for the starv
ing people of India? We are at work
here."
Mayor Davie will take steps to collect a
fund in this city for the relief of the starv
ing Hindoos, although he remarked to-aay
that be thought there was ample scope in
Oakland for the use of all the generosity
that can be found.
Stewart's Debt to Stanford Paid.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 3.— A score of
deeds were recorded Jast evening which
marked the close of a business transaction
between the late Senator Stanlord and
Senator Stewart of Nevada. Many years
ago Senator Stewart wanted $80,000 and
Senator Stanford loaned it to him, but
during his life made no effort to collect it.
A short time ago the attorneys engaged in
closing up the Stanford estate demanded
the money. Senator Stewart did not have
the cash, but he owned many pieces of
land in and about AJameda. The parties
interested figured on the price and $80,000
worth of property was transferred yester
day, the ueeds recorded ana the note giv
en up.
Jokes Lead to lottery.
OAKLAND, Cal , Feb. 3.— Two young
swells, named F. W. Dowdell and L. J.
Miller, were walking down Washington
tj tree t last night, each accompanied by a
young woman. They commenced to make
fun of each other, and finally Miller walked
up to Dowdell and laid open his eye
with a cane. Miller was arrested and
pleaded guilty this moraine. He is said
to be a private detective, and will be sen
tenced to-morrow.
UUturbed Hii Partner's Wife.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 3.— Mike Catu
■ich was arrested Jast night and charged
with disturbing the peace of Mrs. Ander
son. Catusich and Anderson were re
cently partners in a restaurant, which
was closed up. Last night Catusich called
at the Anderson rooms and had a battle
with Mrs. Anderson by way of settling up
what lie considered m grudge with her
Husband. He left the woman bleeding at
the face and ran into the street, where he
was arreßted.
Salaries of County Official*
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. S.— Word was
received from Sacramento to-day that the
Aiameda delegation bad practically de
cided that the salary question shall be
settled as follows: Assessor, $6000 per
annum; District Attorney. $5000; Sheriff,
$6000; Couaty Clerk and all other county
officers, $41)00. The salaries of the depu
ties of these officials will be the same as
settled by the statutes.
Hunting for a Judge.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 3.— Mrs. Laura
de Force Gordon and ex- Judge Harris of
San Francisco were hunting around the
courthouse this morning for a department
in which to try a case. The suit is that of
Sarah Frisbee, who is suing Dr. E. F. Card
for $10,800 damages on account of allegea
malpractice in an operation upon her eye.
Plaintiff was represented by Mrs. Gordon
and Judge Harris and the defendant by
E. C. Chapman and A. A. Moore.
The case was set for trial in Department
1, out as Judge Hall is a brother-in-law of
A. A. Moore, he could not try the case.
All the courts were tried, but in none of
them could a speedy hearing be obtained,
and the case will have to take its course
and be again set for trial.
"Music Box" Gets Four Tears.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 3.— "Music-box
Morris," who is us well known on the
streets of Oakland as Blind Peter, will not
go shouting through the streets for the
next four years. Morris is an old Junk
man, and some time ago he burglarized
the residence of School Director Wolcott,
and to-day Judpe Ogden sentenced him to
four years in San Quentin.
City Tolltical Notes.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 3.— Mayor Da
vie and J. M. Bassett have filed their cer
tificates of nomination with the County
Clerk.
The Young Men's Republican Club of
the Seventh Ward will meet at Judge
Lawrence's courtroom next Monday even-
ing.
The Sixth Ward has organized an Inde
pendent RepuDlican club.
There remain but two days more for the
nominees of conventions to rile their cer
tificates, and none of them have vet been
filed. Candidates nominated by petition
have until the 20th inst.
'Solid for Republicanism.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 3.— The Army
and Navy Republican League Club will
hold its regular weekly meeting Friday
night. It will be an important meeting,
as preparations io^ the opening of the
city campaign by the league will come up
for discussion. The league will make as
hard a titrht lor the success of the Repub
lican ticket in the coming municipal
election as it did for the Naiional and
county ticket in the last election. The
obligation of the membership calls for
the support of the National, municipal
and State candidates of the Republican
party. At a recent meeting of the league
it was resolved to read the obligation at
all future meetings.
Howard Still In Jail.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 3.— Judge Ogden
heard the habeas corpus case of John
Howard fco-d ay. Howard is held for being
responsible for the death of Alma John
son. The Judge beard the argument and
reserved his decision.
Father Yorke Sick.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. B.— ln conse
quence of the illness of Rev. Father Yorke
he will not deliver bis reply to Rev. Dr.
CoyJe at the Macdonough to-morrow
night. The lecture has bsen indefinitely
postponed.
MU CH A DO ABOUT NOTHING
Young People Who Will Pre
sent the Play for Char
ity's Sake.
Gay Held for Trial and Another Woman
Thought to Have B en Duped
by Him.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Feb. 3.— "Much Ado
About Nothing" will be given by the
Avon Dramatic Club, under the direction
of Mrs. Julia Melville SnyJer, for the ben
efit of the Alameda Woman's Exchange
and Relief Society, next Friday evening,
at Linderman's Opera-house. The cast
is as follows:
Don Pedro, Prince of Aragon, Dr. J. J.
Medros; Don John, his brother, Royal P. Ik'ac
donald; Claudio, a young lord of Florence, and
Beneilik, a young gentleman of Padua, favor
ites oi Don Pedro, A. F. Estabrook and Abe P.
Leach; Leonato, Governor of Messina, Alva J.
Remmel; Autonlo. his brother, Ray Dean;
Balthasar, attendant of Don Pedro, H. V. Par
ratt: Boracho and Conrade, followers of Don
John, H. B. Phillips ana George Mouck; Friar,
E. C. MiManu9; Dogberry and Verges, two fool
ish officers, H. V. Parratt and Phil C. Dibert;
sexton, A. F. Estabrook; Seacole, Russell R.
Stedman; Oatcake, ; Beatrice, niece to
Leonato, Miss George Elliott; Hero, daughter
to Leonato, Miss Rose Elliot; Margaret and Ur
sula, gentlewomen attending on Hero, Miss
Mabel Moore and Miss Pearl Macartney.
The programmes are very elaborate
affairs, with all advertisements expressed
in Shakespearean verse. The rehearsals
show considerable ability, and ail the
principals have their parts well commit
ted.
Favor Exempting Stanford.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 3.-The Stu
denti' Congress this evening debated the
following resolution: Resolved, that Stan
ford Uniyersity should be exempted from
taxation. Christensen, Murdock and De
coto spoke in favor oi the resolution,
which was opposed by Bufford, Dorety
and Ellis. The resolution was carried by
a vote of 12 to 6.
A BOG ADJOINS
THE SCHOOL HOUSE
It Menaces the Health of
Five Hundred School
Children.
Parents Petition the Board of
Health to at Once Give
Them Relief.
Microbes From a Stagnant Lake and
Garbage Float Through the
Windows.
Oakland Ottick San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Feb. 3. )
The Board of Health has been asked by
the parents of 500 school children to pro
tect the lives of their little ones by abat
ing as soon as possible the unsightly bog
and dumuine-ground that is located di
rectly to windward of the Tompkins
School.
The petition expresses in a very mild
manner the feeling of the people in the
neighborhood. For several yearsj^tbc
whole block surrounded by Seventh,
Fifth, Adeline and Chestnut streets has
been a dangerous pond of filth, and the
opposition to it manifested by the resi
dents and the baneful effect it has had
upon the health of the children and
teachers of the school have hitherto had
no effect.
Principal Markbara of the Tompkins
School has moved in a very guarded man
ner in the premises and has been instru
mental in bringing the matter to the at
tention of the Board of Health, and now
the matter of abating the nuisance has
been thrown directly on the shoulders of
the Health Officer, Dr. Bradley.
The City Attorney has advised the
Health Officer to commence a criminal
action against the owners of the property
for maintaining the nuhance. "I believe
this is the safest thing to do," said City
Attorney Peirsol. "The city should po
ahead and fill the pond with good soil,
but it might be hard to collect the cost
from the owners. There are other ways
of abating the nuisance, bat the quickest
and safest way would be to arrest the
owners ol the property for maintaining a
public nuisance."
Councilman Heitman obtained a prom
ise some time ago from the owners that
they would till in the bog when the city
graded and macadamized the streets
around it. This was don;, but the prom
ise was not kept, and Mr. Heitman said
to-day that if it were necessary he would
do his best to secure an appropriation
from the Council for the purpose of prose
cuting a criminal action against the
owners.
The petition, which people are readily
signing— especially those whose children
are attending the school — is as follows:
To the Board of Health of the City of Oakland—
Gentlemen: We, the undersigned residents
and property-holders in the vicinity of the
stagnant pond situate! between Third and
Fifth streets and Chestnut and Adeline streets,
do earnestly petition you to take immediate
steps to have this long-standing nuisance
abated. We respectfully recommend that the
pond, or bog, be filled in with good, clean
Boil. All attempts to drain the pond are of no
avail. It is a quagmire, covered with green
scum, and for many months in the year the
vile odors arising from it are very obnoxious.
We also wish to call your attention to the
vncant blocks in our neighborhood between
Fifth and Seventh streets and Linden and
Adeline streets. These blocks are being made
a dumping ground for garbage. Can these
dump piles be removed and the practice
stopped?
Hut the pond and the garbage are not only
very unsightly, but they are also a constant
menace to the health of over 500 school chil
dren, as well as a menace to the health ol the
community and the town.
THE SELBY ESTATE
One Child Wai Born After the Will Had
Been Drawn.
OAKLAND. Cal., Feb. 3.— The will of
Prentiss SeJby, who died at his home in
this city January 29, was filed for probate
to-day by Mattie P. Selby, the widow of
the deceased. The will is dated Jane 12,
1890, and bequeaths a third of the estate
to the widow for her own use and benefit
and to the widow and Preitiss Selby, a
son of decedent, the remaining two-thirds,
in trnst (or the children, Prentiss Selby.
Florence R. Selby, Coralie P. SelDy, Paul
Selby and Edith Selby. The trust pro
vides that each child is to receive his or
her proportionate share on attaining the
age of 25, and the son, Prentiss Selby, la
not to act as trustee until he is 21 years of
age.
Since the will was executed the co
trustee has attained his majority. The
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
otherchildren mentioned in the will range
from 18 to 22 years and all reside with
their mother. Subsequent to the aate of
the will another son was born to the de
ceased and petitioner, who is now about 4
years of age. The testator was 43 years of
age when he drew up the will. The estate
exceeds $10,000 in value ana consists of
the Oakland home, shares in many cor
porations, the Selby Smelting aud Lead
Company and contingent interest in the
estate of his father, the late Thomas Selby.
Did Not Sell the Furniture.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Feb. 3. — Lipman
Kieve, father of llebeeca Kieve, who dis
appeared recently, states that his daughter
did not dispose of the furniture- in ques
tion in San Jose except to remove it. He
says she was always a good girl to her
parents and he hopes she will return soon.
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR TAXING THE BENEVOLENCES?
California, According to Rev. F. D. Bovard, Has Had a Fair
Opportunity of Deciding the Question.
A grent many people are under the impression that California has taxed her benevo
lences from, the first. I have in my possession a written opinion from one of the strong law
firms in Sau Francisco to that effect A writer iv the Overland Monthly for March, 1896,
seems to labor under that impression.
It is true that the constitution of 1850 upon the face of the document included '•all
property" under taxation, but it was considered so manifestly contrary to the spirit of the
Constitutional Convention that the Legislature of 1853 passed a revenue act by which
educational and church property was exempted from taxation. Chief Justice Murray In
1854 says: "The power of the Legislature to exempt the property of religious and elee*
mosynary corporations has not been doubted." (People vs. Coleman, 4 Cal. 46.)
In 1857 the revenue act was amended and the provision exempting the property of re
ligious and educational institutions was continued. (Stats. 1857, Sec. 2.) Concerning these
acts of the Legislature Chief Justice Norton, in 1863, alter quoting the above paragraph
from Chief Justice Murray, says; "We think they are, forreason given in this case, acorrect
interpretation of the constitution, and theomission to tax a portion of the land in the State
does not render the revenue act of 1857 void." (High vs. Snoemaker, 22 Cal. 363.) These
opinions are cited not because we approve them but to show that public opinion was
strong enough to sustain the Legislature, and the highest courts of the State were not will
ing to face the universal feeling of every State in the Union, although the letter of the law
was plain, and render a decision whereby properly used exclusively for charitable, educa
tional and church purposes should be taxed.
It wai not until 1868, after many abuses had crept into the system of legislation, that
charitable institutions were taxed. Chief Justice Khodes overruled the former decision of
the Supreme Court. In the course or that decision he admits that injustice and hardship
would fall upon the churches and eleemosynary institutions. (People vs. McCreery, 34
CaL 432.) The Assessors' records will show that tne minimum valuation was assessed
againat all such property from 1868 to 1880, because it was generally understood that the
benevolent institutions of the State were victims of an unintentional injustice.
The original mistake was on the part of the Legislature of 1853 in not submitting en
amendment to the constitution instead of attempting to construe its meaning contrary to
the plain letter of the document. Any legislative enactment that apparently strains the
constitution, though plainly in accord with justice, weakens reverence for law. From 1876
to 1884 might be called the dynasty of demagogy. A wild spirit of excitement and discon
tent not only passed over the face of California society, but entered into the very blood of
the people like a contagion and broke out in violence, which 6very Callfornian would
gladly forget. It was when this feeling of discontent had reached its highest mark; when
the tongue oi the demagogue was most abusive, when it seemed almost impossible to do
anytning in a cool, impartial ana judicial manner, that the members of the Constitutional
Convention were iramiug the constitution.
Notwithstanding over forty petitions from nearly every county in the State asking for
the exemption of property used exclusively for charitable, educational and church pur
poses from taxation, and only one petition and that from a local organization in San Fran
cisco, which protested against the "recognition of the Christian's Qod and His so-called
revelation and the exemption of church property" in the new constitution, yot such was
the pressure and excitement 6^ the day that the voice of religion and morality could not
be heard and every charitable and benevolent institution in the State, even free libraries
and free museums, were lea to struggle under the burden of taxation.
I was glad to read Bishop Montgomery's words of approval recently published in The
Call, but I want to assure him that the records will not bear out his suspicion that the
Methodist Episcopal church is i^any degree responsible for the insertion of the taxation
clause. In 1887 the president of oneoi the Methodist Episcopal colleges in this State wrotea
very strong pamphlet against, the taxation of church and college property and in company
with some of the leading ministers of the denomination went to Sacrameu to and pleaded
the cause before the Legislative committee, and so far as I know had the unanimous sup
port of his denomination.
My contention is that California had no intention of taxing her benevolences under
the old constitution. There was no State in the Union where the missionary and pioneer
preacher met with such a warm welcome as in California. The first Methodist church
building in Sacramento was taken from the ship— having been shipped around the Horn—
and put in its place and made fit for services in one week from the day it landed, mostly by
the hands of those who were not members of the church, and that same kindly spirit every
where prevailed. I think I have clearly shown that the real cause of this attitude of Cali
fornia toward her private charities in taxing them is not the result of any properly tested
policy of the State, but in the wild tumult oi those unhappy days when the new constitu
tion was adopted, when the true statesmen had all they could do to fight perilous and des
perate measures and many other unsifted matters this burden was still left upon the
churches and educational institutions.
It Beems to us that the only fair way to settle the matter— and in fact that the time has
fully arrived— is to submit an amendment to the constitution and let the people declare by
vote whether it i« their desire to tax property used exclusively for charitable, educational
and church purposes. F> D Bovard
BUTTERS AS A LECTURER
The South African Mining Ex
pert Talks to Berkeley
Students.
He Says There Is More Opportunity
for a Mining Expert E sewhere
Than in America-
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. B.— Charles
Butters, the mining expert who has just
returned from South Africa, where he has
been engaged in extensive mining opera
tions on the Rand for the past ten years,
delivered a lecture to the students in the
department of mines at the State Univer
sity this afternoon. Butters' graduated
from the mining department of the uni
versity in 1879, and after a brief period of
experience on this coast went to Africa,
where within a few years he accumulated
upward of $1,000,000 through mining and
commercial industries. He said that a
young man, in order to make a living at
mining, must have faith in himself and a
knowledge of bis profession.
"Tbe held is limitless," said he, "and
mining engineers are wanted to-day as
they were never wanted before. To be a
successful engineer it is necessary to be a
specialist, either in metallurgy or me
chanics. Now is your time for develop
ment. The effect of ihe association with
great minds, such as are in t.ie university,
will make an entirely different man of
you.
"In this country a lucky few own the
mines. It is different in Europe. There
large corporations own tbe mines, and in
order to carry them on successfully com
petent men, and many of them, have to
be employed. There you are placed in
authority by men of means, but of no
mining education, while in this country
it la different to a great extent. But little
confidence is placed in college educated
minim: men in this country, as compared
with the European countries."
The speaker then gave his hearers some
what of a technical review of various pro
cesses of gold mining, drawing from his
experience in Atrican gold-fields.
Opposed to Tree-Planting.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. B.— Contrary
to the general expectation, the proposition
to plant trees along the streets of Berkeley,
which was brought up before the Floral
Society last evening, met with strenuoui
opposition on the part of several promi
nent residents and property-owners. Con
sequenily, a debate lasting two hours or
more was precipitated. Professor Carl C.
Plehn of the State University, Rev. H. H.
Dobbins and Attorney J. M. Whitworth
led the opposition.
Professor Piehn objected particularly to
the tree-planting act as not being legally
justifiable, and declared that the growth
of many trees would materially impair
the healthfulness of the town.
Atter a period of cross-firing two resolu
tions were adopted. The first of these was
that the planting of trees "is beneficial
and desirable for the town ot Bertceley,"
and the second that "the town of Berkeley
comes under the provisions of the plant
ing act."
The Library to Be Improved.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 3.— The Public
Library-room in East Berkeley is to be
refitted and new quarters for the meetings
of the board are to be secured. The par
tition dividing the main room is to be
removed, thua giving the entire space to
visitors and to the storing of books. Mrs.
L. Stillwell was last night appointed
librarian of the Lorin brancb.
Milkmen in Trouble.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 3. — Health
Officer .Rowel! caused the arrest of M.
Auction Sales
ISDIAIA AUCTIOV COMPAQ.
TO-MORROW,
Friday February 5, 1897,
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
1057 SIAKKKT STREET, OPP. JONES,
ALL THE FURMTUKJS
Of a Ten- room House, removed to our salesroom
for convenience, consisting of Bedroom Sets, Car-
pets. Parlor and Dlalng-room Furniture. Kitchen
Goods, Crockery and Glassware, Bedding and
Linoleum, Pictures, Bric-a-Brac, 2 imported
Hand-Knit Spreads, Elegant Cnerry Parlor Suit
In silk brocatelle upholstery, Kattan Arm Chairs.
Magnificent Oil Paintings and a Miscellaneous
Library containing about ItOO volumes. Sale
positively without reserve or limit.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
1057 .Market street, opp. Jones.
Cohen, a Peralta Park dairyman, to-aay
for feeding brewers' waste to his milch
cows. Dr. Rowell says he has been watch
ing Cohen for some time, having been in
formed that he was giving improper food
to his dairy cows.
Mrs. D. M. Donovan's milk wagon was
confiscated last evening and the contents
of the cans poured into the street by Dr.
Rowell because it was believed that the
mil* contained bacilli.
Hi B h School Thespian*.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 3. - The
students of the Berkeley High School are
preparing to give a play in aid of the fund
for a High School library. The three-act
comedy, eniiiied "A Scrap of Paper," will
be presented with the fo. lowing cast:
Prosper Couramont, Vere Hunter; Mile
Suzanne de Ruseviile, Ruby Morse; Baron do
la Glaciere, Miss M. Davis; Brisemouche E.
Scott; Anatole (his ward), C. Dozier; Mathilda
(sister to Louise), Miss Edith Huddart; Mile
Zenobie, Miss Corlnne Hutton; Baptlste (ser
vant), M. Scott; Pauline (a maid), Miss Edith
Ketchum; Francois (servant), Roy Woolsey
Mme. Dupont, Miss Nellie Anderson. Music
will be given by the High School orchestra
and the Chicago Ladies' quartet.
Debt of the Seniora.
BERKELEY, Cai*. Feb. 3.— Tbe senior
class at the State University met today
to consider means of paying of its "Blue
and Gold" debt. Several plans were pro
posed, bat no definite means of raising
the n^oney was agreed upon. It is be
lived that the levying of an assessment
upon each member will finally be resorted
to. There are 175 members of the class
and § debt of $821, which means that each
member will be laxed in the neighbor
hood of $5. The classmen say they are
determined to pay off the obligations be
fore graduation.
Following was the report as to the debt
of the class as presented by Manager Mac-
Donald and accepted by the auditing com
mittee: Total indebtedness, $1071; availa
ble assets, $250; balance, $B^l. H. S.
Crocker & Co. and Louis Roescb, both San
Francisco firms, were reported to be the
heaviest creditors.
High School Thespians.
BERKELEY, Cal., Feb. 3 —A play and
concert will be given by the students of
the Berkeley Hign School on the evening
of February 19, for which extensive prep
arations are now going on. The farce to
be presented is entitled "A Scrap of Pa
per," and will be put on by the following
cast:
Prosper Courament, Vere Hunter; Mile. Su
zanne de Rusevllle, Ruby Morst; Baron de la
Glaciere, Miss M. Davis; Brisemouche. E.
Scott; Anatole (his ward), Charles Dozier;
Mathilda (sister to Louise), Edith Huddart;
Mile. Zenobie, Corinne Uutton; Baptist*
(servant), M. Scott; Pauline (a maid), Edith
Ketchum: Francois (servant), Roy Woolsey;
Mme. Dupont, Nellie Andersou.
DEATH OP COLONEL JONES.
A Pioneer of San Francisco Succumbs
to Paralysis.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 3.— Colonel J. A.
Jones, the wealthy pioneer of Highland
.Park, died this evening. The deceased
has been in business in the Neva:ia block
in San Francisco for thiriy years, and has
resided in Oakland for several years, He
was a pioneer, and came here when quite
a young man. At one time he was a lead
ing insurance manager.
About three months ago be was stricken
with paralysis and never recovered. The
shock eventually caused death. He leaves
a widow and three children.
The Divorce Hill.
Divorces have been granted as follows:
Sarah A. McLeod from William J, McLeod. for
failure to provide; Delia & Cornwall from
Milton H. Cornwall, on the groundjof willful
desertion and neglect and custody of minor
child awarded to plaintiff.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
EABJIIT * x> - Established
f In 1854 for the treatment of Prlvat*
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
ICnreißnaranterd. Callorwrit*.
Dr. J. »'. oiBBOJK. Box l»37.6aaFraac£o£12
BRIGHT PHOEBUS
THROUGH RACING
The Bay Horse Broke Down
in the Last Race at
Ingleside.
Satsuma the Oaly Winning Fav
orite During the Afternoon's
Sport
Ladies' Day Mirred by FOS and Rain.
Reddington Made a Costly Mis
take in the Hurdle Event.
Rain and foe combined contributed to
making ladies' day at Ingleside yesterday
about the most disagreeable afternoon yet
passed by race-goers at the local track.
The inclemency of the weather, though,
did not deter a large number of the
fair sex from attending, for the grand
stand was well tilled.
The muddy going again played havoc
with the favorites, Satsuma, a mild choice
in the first race, beinp; the only one on
which the regulars cashed. Several warm
stable tips went astray, and tbe book
makers trudged off for home light in
heat and heavy in sack at the conclusion
of the sport.
In all probability the racing days of the
great mudlark. Bright Phoebus, owned by
Walter Hobart, are over. The big bay
was associated in tbe final race ovar a mile
■with a most ordinary lot of company and
naturally was a prohibitive 1 to 5 choice.
On account of fop little could be seen of
the horses until the paddock was reached,
when it was observed Bachelor, an 8 to 1
phot, wa- leading the favorite, who
seemed to be swerving and in difficulties.
The outsider won by nearly a length, and
as the horses returned to the &tand the
cause of the defeat was made apparent.
Bright Phconus had broken down and the
race undoubtedly marks his retirement.
For the opening six-furlong dash Dr.
Rowell's chestnut horse Saisuma was
touted as the proper thing, and, going to
The post a 9 to 5 favorite, he won handily
in m Two Cheers, a 7 to 1 shot, ridden by
Bpencer.
Tod Sloan had the mount on Moylan in
the next event, also at six furlongs, and
the Corrisan entry carried the bulk of the
coin at odds of" 6 too. Off well he fell
back and was unable to again get to the
front. Yemen, with 99 pounds up and 6
to I in the betting, led Caliente, the second
choice, out two lengths at the wire. Sport
McAllister was, as usual, inside the money.
BJoan again had the lee up on another
favorite in the seven-furlong handicap.
Although giving away weight Geyser, with
108 pounds un, ha-t lirst call in the ring at
odd« of 6to 5. The colt was away none
too well and ncv.-r was a dangerou3 -factor
during the running. David, the 13 to 5
second choice, bad the race well in hand
at the paddock when McHueh stopped
riding to look wise, and Schiller, coming
fast, snatched the pnrse by a shurt end.
Wawona was an indifferent third.
An unfortunate stumble wbile taking
the last obstacle lost the mile and a fur
long hurdle event for the 3to 5 favorite,
Keddington, ridden by George Ccctiran.
The bay horse looked a sure winner to the
last jump, which he struck and upset.
Tuis enabled Tuxedo, the third choice, to
take the lead, and he downed the favorite
by five lengths, with t'i Fi a good third.
The winner of the three-and-a-half lur
long scramble for two-year-olds turned up
in Aluminum, a chestnut gelding carry-
Ing the Spreckels colors. He went to the
post J8 to 5 and passed the wire two
lengths in advance of George Lee. The 2
to 1 favorite, On Gua Nita, finished out
side of the coin.
KOiEs.
About three forlones now seems to b as
far as William Pinkerton appears capable
of carrying his old-time burst ol speed.
The cause is laid to catarrhal fever.
While being galloped on the inside track
prior to his race, Moylan fell with his ex
ercise boy and this shnfceup may hare
contributed to his defeat.
The Burns & Waterhouse sale of horses
in iraininjj will take place at the Oakland
trpek on Saturday, February 13.
Mr. Ben«on was not pleased with the
finish McHugh put up on David. Mr.
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
DACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB. Injrleside Racetrack. Wednes«lay. February 3. Porty
* eignth day of tbe Winter Meeting, 1896-97. Weather Wet. Track Sloppy.
4CC flits'!' RACK— Three-quarters of a mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse »400.
JQ(J StCOND KACK— Three-quarters of a mile; selling; purae *400.
490 THIRD KAei — ?-even-eighlhs of a mile; handicap; puru? $50a
491 tOLKI H KACt— One and an eighth miles: nurdle handicap; purse $400.
492 *' IFTH RACK - Bev en sixteenths of a mile; two-year-olds; selling; purse 9350. "
AG' SIXTH KACK— One mile; purse 135' J. "
Benson is entitled to about as much sym
pathy as the man who smoked dynamite
in a clay pipe when bis tobacco gave out.
There are plenty o/ eood jockeys only too
willing to ride horses of tne Duvid caliber.
When Jo« Ullman espied 2 to 7 chalked
against Bright Piicebus be couldn't resist
tbe temptation to find a little easy money.
On his way to the train Joe asked Captain
Rees if tb« bay horse broke down, and on
receiving an answer in tbe affirmative re
plied, "So did I."
Following are to-day's entries:
First race, thirteen-sixteenth* of a mile, three
year-olds, allowances.
405 Claudia T 102! 456 Tulare 104
46H Cogent 107 8«6 Atticus 104
206 IMnk smith. ...107 483 Harold Lindsay 107
417 Jack o' LamernlO4j 445 Jazabel 102
.... Helois 104J
Second race, five-eighths of a mile, three-year
olds, allowances.
462 Susarfoo: 1191 4*2 Jim Blackburn. 122
339 M. Clicquot.... 1 22 i 453 Eraeiii 8 117
427 Defender 122 ; 470 R. Carrut hers 122
427 Brnxey 13"i 4.'>o Mercutio IS4
470 lja.!y Ix)oram..ll7! 467 Liv Log R 117
437 T.npedo 122 4 7 Fortunate 12 2
445 Trysl 117 392 Playboy 119
Third race, seven-eighths of a mile, selling.
(446)Masoero 10H 488 N'iitv B:ue ....104
488 i*a! uoerslon 104 42^ Joan 99
479 Zoolelu 107 480 Br>:eas 107
488 J-uliertou Lass. lo2 480 Judge Dt-nny..104
4Hi Mosler 109 488 Mobftiaska 99
461 Al ahabad 104 4j9 MazarJ 101
483 TarandT.irtar.lo4!
Fourth race, three quarters of a mile.
(4 4)Flv 102 Uoß>Savable 110
444 Peixotto 102 (323) LucKy Dog 110
47'J Salisbury 11.... 106, (477)\Vyomlng 105
Fifth race, seven-eighths of a mile, selling.
480 Morte F0n5e...107 459 San Marco 104
485 Frank X 107 475 Rlcardo. 104
477 Kabe Murphy.. 10. 456 Fortuna 102
485 Elmer F 104 i 475 iiajorCook 104
(48J)Klng William.. 104: 481 Whitestone .... 107
sixth race, one mile, allowances.
455 Doyle 109j 498 ?cimitar 96
449 Applame 102 3i7 Summertime. ..lo4
36S Fred Gardner.. 101 294 boniro. 91
482 (Jeorge Palmer. 91
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAT.
First race— o" Lantern, Tulare,
Cogent.
Second race — Lou Lou K. M. Clicquot,
Boy Carruthers.
Third race— Judge Denny, Mobalaaka,
Joan.
Fourth race— SalTable, Fly, Pelxotto.
Fifth lace— King William, Babe Jlur
phy, Whiten tune.
Sixth race— Summertime, Geo. Palmer,
Applause._ I_J_ -
Lakfiviß-w Improvement Club.
The L^keview Improvement Club met Tues
day night in Corns tock Hall with 144 members
present The Board of Supervisors were peti
tioned to provide electric lights on the Ingle
side road, as have already been furnished
upon several roads leading out that way.
Resolutions looking to a reduction of tele
phone rates, more In conformity with rates
that are charged downtown, were adopted
and a committee was appointed to present the
complaint to the telephone company and the
Board of Supervisors.
Tn« attendance indicates one of the most
active improvement clubs in the City.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WF.STERN HOTEL.
Henry Blanch. Angels C R Larkin, Tiburon
Jaa P Myler, China M A Conray. China
'lhos Gresar, Ckiah H S Luut, N V
I ROHfiistelu, Los Ang M X AKers, Kelseyviile
J A <t w, Pontiiic Ed McCormick, Seattle
Geo Morrell, Oakland A Jewel, .Mich
A Jlas-:burg, Toledo James Markley. Portland
M Carvac, Boston
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
C A Rudorff. >onora E c Rudorff, Honora
J E Wilson, Sonora X B Joraan, Sonora
J Whitemao, Cal C M <.lazier, Fresno
A J Ryan. 1 aroma L E Mahan, Eureka
C J Guil, Nasbvllle a L Dorn. >nn Jose
M I'hiiiips, » MicagO A H Wagner, Chicago
M H Urahain. Oakland k. Jcnness, Sonora
J Johnson <fe w, Modesto S X Day, (. lncinnatl
J B Wilcox, Red Blurt* C Wilson, w & cb, Boston
BALDWIN HOTEL.
E H F.zekiel, Chicago J smiib, Petaluma
J M Hi 1, st Lojls J C Lynch, Los Angeles
. 8 t haddocs Fresno R James, Fresno
M X Karris, Oakland J Johnson & n, Oakiand
J W Jordan, Oaicsand J R Hrown, Oakland
TJI s,, oncer <t w, Siktn s Harris, eaitle
A M Burns, Seattle A Barker <fe w, San Jose
W W Kose. Mich P Sage, Louis James Co
C Krmi>e.-, L Jarues Co E I- nail, Minneapolis
G F bcuuler. stock. on M G Be.int, New York
OT Hen-art. Marysville O \f Outwei.-r* w. Cal
B F Frey. Willows F L Krans & w. Sacto
C Hex.er & w, Sacto W D Emfcrel, New York
t 11 Headley, Newark
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs C L Stephr db. Mich Miss DeMuth, Mich
J X Rylaad. -an Jos? F A iSeaitle
S Ho;"ikins & W, Ur T McClure, Portland
J F Dunn- <t w. S Felip* R Pike. Baltimore
(; i' Moore, Omatia X Hoerler <fe w. So Africa
U Carble. Washington B b Johnson, Brooklyn
P Halsieud, M V M C Coutelle, wf & eh.
Miss doles. England Belgium
Miss E Taylor, England C H Mcßride <fe w, 8 Jose
If X F.ngle. N V O J Kenny. N V
A J l.c amer, San liego W H Lrinter, Seattle
B D Stcinman, Sacto H C Milligßn. '. V
B MarK, N V J C Aid-n, Ohio
A C Kennedy, NY F Jellimek <fe w. N V
A Carble, Washington
LICK HOUSK.
T G "V ancey, Cal H Todd, Oakiand
H Hamilton <t w, Cal C P Keavis. Suisun
W Waller, Marvsville Hy b:€;vtns Los Ang
Alex P. Ban in. AU.ipda J W Wa Kins, Madera
O R Rtinyon, < o'ir iaiid W P Lynch, Oroville
R Meyer, bt J ouls R A Peers, Toronto
J F 'Irucke* F H Wof^d worth, StLouls
A P (J raster &w. 1U H P Stabler. Vnba City
Mrs MansMd, Cul Miss Lewthwait<». Cal
L i> Smith, i.aKlaad B Ktaiome, Oakland
R Knoll, w <fe eh, I'ortld H C Fritz <fe w, Wyo
N McLeiDon.Pt Towosd Mrs 1» Mdßeth PtTownsa
C A Starke, sta Baia RMcPherson.McPherson
J M Herm»ndfz. N Jlex W J Hoskins. Fresno
E C Sharer, Watsonvilie J M Laihrop, Cal
N A McKay, ADgtls J L WhltDey d w.Jastwn
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1897.
KUBB HOUBK.
O H Tannon. Illinois J H Burton. New York
A M Gilder, Illinois J A Hazelton, (al
FSmith & w. Sac:o W J Henderson, P»
Xi ii()imi*f, Kacto J B Buruett, honon
X McOettigan. Vallejo n Galloway, Cal
D M I.ivii:e-tonc. S Jose P Hu'-nham, Mass
A Mel' itidtifl:, -b«o MIH Mkrideu, Oakland
M J liichcock. >acio WW o f, st Louis
J Irwin, Salt La.c M Welnser, San Jose
1» -ii' ■li-rland. i ecota W M Tucker. 8 Bosa
8 T Oarisb, Decota X Normun. Santa Kosa
J a .>irad, Ji t-ikidsburg (; W Kowe, Los Ang
T Ayres, Massachusetta W G rumming. Los ABg
Miss E Ayres, Mass S A Wilson. N V
M s< X Horme, Mass B A Shields. Nevada
L Krocber, Colorado B shields. Utah
A s Bi-omberg, Montana W Ft-rgusou. Sacto
Jl Livingston. Montana M Morsan. Sacto
P Bailey, Jose J) Uatneid, .^..n Diego
a A Knott. Sactu R B Brown, San Diego
Miss Bnckner, Oakland R Rutherford, Redding
W O Harj hunu. Colo A Montgomery, Cal
P Hun I , is, Montana J L James. Pomona
Miss Z Johnson, Sacto It James, Pomona
S (i Little, Dlxoii Mrs Lennox, N V
J J Hill, Nevada Mrs A Williams, N T
D Cunningham. NT W H Todd, N V
]-»ilanro.v, Nevada
GRAND HOTEL
W R Conaut, Redding W M Dcitrlch, Chicago
E Berge, Cat J T Hull ivan, Mima Crnz
M H Kbel, Mac O Gurson, Alameda
X Effey, Mania Crnz Dr X Kellogg Lakeport
L A »ran, Chicago J H adios, Portland
J M Hoyt * w, Chico H T Taylor. Yreka
E de ta Custa, S Barbara W Elliott, Santa Maria
G A Waiter*. Sslem T X Rich, Columbus
Mrs Hayes, San Jose Miss Haves, >an Jose
C X Wood son, X V i.) Oa»es, Ix>s Angeles
J W Maulsey, Sac J Bowline, >a»tH Clara
6 A Lombard, Sa: «; Garnee. Oakland
Asa iJay. Oatiaad L L Cory, t resuo
W Atchlton A w. Aaslla Mrs M Barston. 8 Mateo
W A Moult j , Stockton Mrs Barton, Frnltvaie
H L Smith, tianford J F I>eve;idorf. San Jose
T Bowling, San Jose C F Gardn-r. Sac
( ' C smith, Msio j A B LemmoD, * Bosa
Dr Osborne, Kldridge W Kounseulle <fe w.Mlnn
Mm T Heiiitzelman, sac H Menz-i <fe w, s Ciara-
X R Bowles, Nev J C Perry, Dunnigan
( X Hall. King<lty a Loewensiein <& w, Cal
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BTJBIN'KSS OFFICE of the Sac FranelscoOAi,!^.
710 Market street, open unui 12 o'clock every
night In tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICB3-R27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9 : 3o o'clock.
•IS Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner sixteenth and Mission street*, open
until 8 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open ontll 9 o'clock.
IS7 Ninth street. or>«-n until 9:30 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: op*n until 9:30.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
*^=5» CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1. F. ft
B^ and A. M.. will meet THIS A
(TIICKsnAY) KVKNINO, February J. T&jSf
at 7 :30 o'clock. Stated meeting. By order f^r\
of the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
B^S=» DORIC LODGE. No. 216. P. AND m
TSrZSy A.M.— Stated me.tlne THIS EVEN- Sk
ING at 7:3oo'c'oelc. JJyorrtor o! the W. M. TT Jf
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary. /VN
IJ^SS» CALIFORNIA VIOLET— < sMSU&»
EP^ Grand Initial bail for the benefit -^B^3p^-
of the 1. O. C. F. Orphans' llora« ut : J&sSFi?z r
Gllroy, Ca!., at Odd Fellows' Hall, 'HlV**
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, Feb. 4, 1897.
f^g» FRANCO-AMERICAN jMlUflCt.
Or-*' Loiiß'' No. '207, 1. < '. (). F. — •'^ES^^ry
Officers and members are requested to "-^feSß^gT
meet at their hall THURSDAY, Fab- "W/iFS^
ruary 4, at 8 o'clock p. m. for initiation.
R. Lavigne. secretary. L. L. KKMY, N. O.
P^s=> QUEEN VICTORIA'S DIAMOND
■»--*' jubilee— Notice. It has been thought that
the British born of this city. Irrespective of
naturalization, would wish to celebrate the above
event in some suitable way. Having been ap-
proached on the subject by a committee represent-
ing many of the formal organizations of the State,
the British Consul-General invites the attendance
of all those interested In the matter at a meeting
to be held at the Pa ace Ho el Maple room on
SATURDAY February 6, at 2 P it., to discuss the
proposed celebration and devise moans and
methods. J. W. WARBURTON.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
»rS» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR *4:
IS**' collections made: city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montcy st., room 6: tel. 5580.
STOCKHOLDERS' NOTICE.
f*r^» 229 STEVENSON ST.. SAN FRAN-
I*^ Cisco. Cal.. January 29, 1897. At a meet-
ing of the board of directors of the Edison Light
and Power Company, he.d on the 2Hih day of
January. 1697, It was unanimously resolved that
on and after February 1, 1b97, the president and
secretary be Instructed to deliver 10 the stock-
Holders of sul.l company one and one-third (11,3)
shares of the capital stock of the fan Francisco Gas
and Electric Company for each (hare of the
Edison Light find rower Com 1 any stock sur-
rendered. Transfer- cooks of the Edison Light
and Power < omnany will be closed on January
30. 1697. The first dividend will be payable on
the new stock on or about March '.. 18U7, and will
be at th» rate ot one dollar ($1) per share.
stockholders are requested to surrender their
certificates to the secretary of the company with-
out delay.
EDISON LIGHT AND POWER COMPANY,
By J. E. Qtm, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
p ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306
' X Mason st., teL main 6332, furnishes best help:
all nationalities.
/COMPETENT WOMAN. LATELY FROM THE
\J has : is a tine American cook and a nice laun-
dress; is kind to children: will work iu neat
family: city or country: wages fl5 to $2U. 1U24
Howard St., room 20.
\\r ANTE I)— SITUATION AS NURSEGIRL:
M capable of tea-hinc Address MISS ALICE
HEATH. li&U Fifteenth ave.; to. Sau Francisco.
ELI ABLE WOMAN (ENGLISH) WISHES
XV position; is good cook and housekeeper; city
or country. Mils. M. I!.. 1231 Market st.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION: COOK-
VJT Inc. Jewish style; 25. Address A. C 8., box
32, Call.
YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES MTUA-
L i.ait .0 do upstairs work. Please call 1111
Stein er at.
OEBPECTABLE GIRL WISHES POSITION
XV to assist In light housework: Mission pre-
ferred. Address M. W.. Call Branch Office, Six-
teenth and Mission sts
AN, WIFE AND CHILD WANT 1 OR 2
rooms In rooming-house where wife can work
for rent. R. S., box 3, Call.
WANTED— POSITION AS WORKING
housekeeper by an agreeable young woman;
wages $25. < a'l after 10 a m., 126 Fourth, r. 6.
VOUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS A
X working housekeeper: city or country. Ad-
dress 8., box 161. Call Office.
WANTED— POSITION TO DO LIGHT HOUSE-
work by the day. Call for three days, 1129
Howard st.
EAT GIRL WOULD LIKK TO ASSIST IN
i.> housework and children. 24 Natoma.
. T?IRST-CLASB DRESSMAKER, LIKE WORK
X' in family or at home. 1035 Post st.
GERMAN GIRL WANTS UPSTAIRS WORK
VJ or general housework. Please call 25 Wil-
low ave.
] 'IKST- CLASS HOUSEKEEPER WOULD
i like position In city. 268V*i Tehama, basement.
IDDLE-AGK LADY WOULD I.IKE SlTU-
atlon as housekeeper or nurse; city or coun-
try. 3*3 Minna st.
SWEDISH GIRL WfSUKS SITUATION TO
do general house > or* or second work; an
American family preferred. Call at 4 Folsom ave.,
bet. Seventh ana Eighth sis., off iolsom.
WIDOW DESIRES POSITION AS HOUSE-
IT k«eper; does not object to 2 children. Ad-
dress K. C. F., I'craita Heights, corner Lester and
Hanover lives, !• as Oakland.
WANTED - POSITION AS WORKING
it housekeeper by an agreeable yonng woman:
widower's family preferred; wages $25. Call from
10 10 3, 126 Fourth st., room 6.
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
O Cam, taken at branch, oih'ce, 339 Hayes sL:
open until 9:30 o'clock.
WANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
'i hk Call, are taken at Branch Office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission ats.
"yOUNO GKRMAN WIDOW WISHES POSI-
X tlon as wording housekeeper for widower or
bachelor. 106 Fourth St., room 2
■\TOUNG EASTERN WIDOW OF RkFINB-
X men 1 and culture desires a position as manag-
ing Housekeeper in widower's or bachelor's house.
Room 2, 122 Post st.
p ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
VJ do general housework or housekeeping: good
cook lor small family. 620 Washington street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»» Market: 200 rooms isc .0 »1 50 per ni*ht:
tl 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ■
"yoUNO WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
•X as housekeeper: city or country. Call 144
Fifth st., room 6. , g
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
Xj wants work in widowers or bachelor's house-
noid; country preferred. 88 Ninth st., room 17:
hours. 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. ■
VOUAT. WIDOW WANTS GENTLEMEN'S
X mending at home. 106 Fourth St., room 2.
SW- COR. SIXTEENTH • ST.. NEAR Mis-
sion; branch office, of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
7 1 O LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
• XO CALL; subscriptions and want ad taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
pE LIABLE MAN WHO CAN TAKE CARE
it of horsps and garden and milk wishes situation:
has good references. Address ANDRE'S, 315
Stockton su
HUNTER & CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
ne;e employment office. 17 Webb St., below
Kearney, nr.Cal. ; ;ei.n:*in 231. W.C.Y'OUNG, mgr
JAPANEBK INTKL^IOKNCE AGENCY. R.
60. St. Ann's bl'g, 6 Eddy St.; tel Han 6234.
pHINKSE A Ja PAN FSE; EST'D 20 YEARS;
VJhelp;tel.main 1997. BRADLEY* C0.. 640 CJay
/CHINESE AND JAPaNESK EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best help. 411 Vi O'FarrelL Tel. K. 426.
pUMPETENT, SOBER AND STEADY MAN
V^ wishes a si uation in private place or as janitor
for institute; best or city references. Please call
or address A. FROMM,"233 California ave., city.
FARMER— STEADY POSITION WANTED
on sugar-beet farm by strong, well-educated
raai. 25. with experience; good reference. L. K.,
box 89, Call Office.
pOSITION AT ANY KIND OF WORK BY A
J sober middle-aged German; low wages; city or
country. Address C. D.. oox 161, Call.
Fl K ST-C L A *S COUK WANTS A SITUATION
in boarding-house or hotel; meat and pastry;
references. D., box 33, Call.
p ERMAN, AGE 30 YEARS, UNMARRIED,
VJ wishes situation as driver of milk, baker or
other delivery wngon: knows a!l about the grocery
buiness; weil acquainted; best reference P.ease
address F. K., box 77. Call Office.
YrOPWO IRISHMAN IS ANXIOUS T>» PRO-
. cure a position 10 a dry-goods stoie; five years'
experience; small salary to commence. J. F. (
62 Second st., room i:4.
WAKTED-BY A RESPECTABLE YOUNG
»» man of 20 years, not afraid of hard work: un-
derstands tha care of horses. Address C CROMP-
TON.6II Powell st.
VOCKG MAN WANTS POSITION AROUND
J. private or gontleuian's place; can take care of
horees and cows and ninke himself generally use-
ful: good reference. 629 .Saciameuto St., room 79.
■yOUNQ ATTORNEY WANTS POSITION IN
± law office. Lawyer, box 47. Call Office.
POSITION IN COUNTRY HOTEL OR ROAD
-I house by a man and wiie: understand the
business; or would rent. 8.. box 60, Call Office.
VIRST-CLABS MILKERS. BUTTER-MAKERS.
r farmers, teamsters and other he p furn shea at
short notice by J. F. CROSt-TT A CO., 628 Sacra-
mento .St.
SITUATION WANTED ITY RELIARLE
0 man: engineer; flrpman: watchman, or work
of any kind. Address K. IS., box 125, Call office.'
U'ANThD-BY YOUNG MaN OF MORAL
»» habit], position in any kind of l:ght work:
cau give goal reference or cash security to the
amount of $100 or more. Ad. Y. M., box 102, CalL
youso man, good recommendations,
1 wi3hes work of some Kind; reliable, sober and
Industrious. Address 431 third st.
L'lßl'L-CLASS i-RENCH. ITALIAN AND
-T American rook wants placein hotel, restaurant
or large boarding-house; Is thoroughly comoetent
ana has good references. Address Cook, box 101,
Call Office.
SITUATION BY TRUSTWORTHY" MAN. AD-
dr- ss R. KRAFT, 9 Carios place, above Powell
St., off ueary.
MAN WISHES TO GO TO GUATEMALA
and offers his services as Interpreter and com-
panion or to work generally when there. Address
J. 0., box 52. Call office.
4 MARKET ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
♦JQQ HAYES BT.— BRANCH; OFFICE OF
*j£)V Thk Calx; aubscriptioas and want ads
taken.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THK CALL, 167 NINTH
St. — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
1 MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
'i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
r.97 MONTGOMKRY, CORNER OF CLAY-
OZ* I Open unti: 9:30 o'clock; branch office of
the Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
AiriNCHKSTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NH.
"> Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 50 to (6 per week: convenient and respectable:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A WKKK-S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THJI
-rV WEKKLY CALL. In wrarjuer. for mailing
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
C WAITRKSSES, DIFFERENT COUNT r;Y
0 hotels, $15, $17 &0 and (18, fare paid; n at
girl, housework, country. $-0, see l»dy here.
MURRAY <fc RKADY Lealing Employment
Agents. H34 and 636 C ay su
COuK, OAKLAND, $20; SECOND GIRL, «20,
same hi. use. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
pOLORED WOMAN, WITH A CHILD, $14.
\J MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter St.
r^OLORJiD COuK, $30; COLORED SECOND
V' girl, $15. MISS CULL-.N, 323 Sutter St.
POTESTANT GIRL, CARE OK t HILD OF 4
years and second worn, $20. MISb CCJLLEN,
323 Su.ter st.
DhFiSED YOUNG LADY AS COMPANION
It and sew, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
fl ERMAN MAID AND SEAMSTRESS, $26:
VJT cook, $30. MISS CULLEN, 323 gutter su
SECOND GIRL AMD WASH. $25; COOK FOR
boarding-house. $25. MISS cUI-LEN, 323
Sutler tt.
C^IKL, PACIFIC AVE., $25; GIHL, LAGUNA
Xst..slB; girl, Alameda, $18: girl. Bush St.,
$25; girl. Gough sU. $25; girL Jackson St., $20;
girl. Eddy st., »20; girl. Lyon st., $20; girl. Ala-
meda. $20: girl, Webster su. $20: girl. Vallejo su,
$20: middle-aged woman, Jackson bu, $16; girl,
Octavla su. $15; girl, Pescadero. Cal., $15. ranch
borne; girl, Burhunan st,. $15; girl, Laguna sU.
$16; girl, Powell si., $15; girl, Golden at.- ave,
$16: girl, FUimo.e su. $16; girl. Fell St., $15: 16
young gins, $8, $10 and $12 per month. Mak-
TIN'S. 749 Market St.
OOK, $20 AND ROOM, FF.W BOARDERS,
see party here: 2 waitresses, $6 a week, see
party -P. M. : cook. $10 a week and room; wait-
ress, country, $15 and room: 2 waitresses for the
south. M ART iN'S, 749 Market.
IRU KENNETT, CAL., $20. MARTIN'S,
749 Market su
/"COLORED GIRL, PINE ST., $15. MARTIN'S,
VJ 74 9 Market st.
WANTED-tCHAMBKRMAID AND WAIT,
ress. Apply 1616 Vallejo, 9to 12.
WaXTED-FRENCH COOK, $33; SECOND
TV sill and laundress, 335: German chamber-
maid, private famiiy. (20; Protestant second girl,
•-i'<). German nurs<-. $20: 4 cooks, German styie,
$25 and $30: '2 waitresses, hotel and res'aurtnt,
if 20 and $25; co.ored woman to clean office, etc.,
$'20; and girls for cooking and hous.-work. J. F.
cROSETi <& Co., 316 Sutter sU
pHAMB'SMAID AND WAIT, HOTEL, CITY,
\J $20; chambermaid and wait, country hotel,
$20: 4 girls for housework, $20; Kir) tor house-
work, Berkeley, $20: restaurant waitress, city.
$.!U; cork, note., city. $25 to sso C. K. HANSEN
01 CO., 110 ueary su
\\r ANTKD-FRENCH NURSF, $20: WAIT-
*" ress and 1 urlormaicl, ?25: laundress and wait-
ress. $. 6; German or I-rench cook. $.->5; second
work, $20. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
HOUSKGIRL, OAKLAND, WAGES $35;
hou-eglrl, Belvedere, s36; middle-aged woman,
short distance country, housework, $20; girls for
city. 315 Sutter st.
Vj'EAT SW, DISH OR GERMAN GIRL, i-OOD
XI cook, f«m:h- of 3, no waihing, $> per week;
other klr:», $12 and $15. Apply this morning, J.
P. JOHNSON, 872 Bruadway, Oakland.
f\ ERMAN OR SWEDISH COOK, $25, BERKE-
VJ ley: must be able to take f u 1 charge: good
place. German hmplovmeit Office, 306 Mason.
p ERMAN GIRL, CHAMBERWORK AND
VX waiting: $20: call rarly. German tmploy-
ruent Office. 306 Mason sU
OFFICK FEE REDUCED; 25 CTS.; UIR^S OF
all uattonalt'.les to till various positions. Ger-
man Employment Office, 306 Mason su
W ANTED— FINISHERS ol» LADIES'
»» tailor-made coats. M. J. KELLER COM-
PANY. Oakland.
V[EATGIRL FOR LAUNDRV AND SECOND
1> work. Call beu 9 and 12 a. m.. 1117 Post sU
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR A LADY' WITH
small (apital. call at 1056 Market at., room 1
WANTED - WOMAN FOR GENERAL
housework. 3891 Twenty-fourth st.
GIRL WANTED~FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 2408 Flllmore st.
OOK: GERMAN PREFERRED. 1710
Gear..- st.
GIRL TO TAKE CARJ£ OF 2 CHILDREN.
Call 904 O'Farrell st.
WILL MRS. IDA WILSON CALL AT 967
Howard st. on important news t
APPRENTICE GIRL WANTED TO LEARN
hairdressing at 111 Stockton su G. LEDE-
RER.
GIRL, TO COOK IN BOARDING-HOUSE:
Scandinavian or German preferred. 789
Fourth st.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF
child, 9\o 7 daily. 1321 Mason sU
LKARN DREBBCUTTING AND MILLINERY;
$1 par week; unlimited leisons: patterns
25c. McDowell Dressmaking School, 638 Market.
L^LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTINO
X Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
£J1 X LARKIN— BRANCH OFFICE OF THB
yj i-*-f Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
BKLP WAVTED-rontlnnM.
T AWRENCE CUTTING SCHOOL IS THE
-" only reliable place for patterns: every one
guaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market st.
\| OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
•I'X Winchester Hous», 44 Third st-, near Market:
200 rooms: 26c to SI 50. per night; $1 50 to $6
per week: free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
m NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
Thk Call; subscription and want ads
taken.
• . 31 ALE HELP WANTED.
2 waiters, first-class country Ho-
tel, $25 and found each: cooks, 921, $30 and
$35. MURRAY & READY. Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
WOODCHOPPER, NEAR CITY, . $30 AND
»» board; farmers, etc. MURRAY & READY,
Le»ding Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay si.
V"IGHT COOK. 99 A WEEK: COOK, 96 A
XX week: cook, family ho el. *10 a week and
room; cook, 98 a week; waiter. $40 per month;
cook, restaurant, $10 a week: shop baker, $50 to
960; a small bellboys. MARTIN'S. 749 Market. !
WANTED— BUSHELING TAILOR WHO IS
»» salesman: wages $i0 per month. A. COLE-
MAN, 41 Third st.
O JAPANKSE BOYS: SMALL WAGES. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st.
HEAD COOK, $75; HOTEL WORK; NO PAS-
try. MARTIN'S. 749 Market St.
PORTER FOR BARBER-SHOP; SAUSAGE-
-L maker. MARTIN'S, 749 Market St.
n ERMAN BOY, PRIVATE PLACK. CHORES,
VX etc., $8 per month. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
HEAD PORTER FOR A FIRST-CLASS HO-
lei; bead eardener. with references, $30 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
BAD COOK FOR FAMILY HOTEL, $80:
second cook, country hotel, $36. C. R. HAN-
SEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
W" ANTED— GEORGE D. STEWART PLEASE
» » call: cook and wife for country. $60: neat boy
about 12 years old for private family; farmers a »d
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED — FRENCH COOK; COUNTRY:
$100. ANDRE'S, 315 Stockton st.
QHEEPHERDER, .$2O. R. T. WARD & CO.,
0 608 and 610 Clay St.
Y\ ANTED— YOUNG MAN WHO UNDER-
'» stands mimeographing: with machine I. re-
ferred; evening work. Address K., box 160, Call.
GOOD MACHINIST: GOOD BKNCH HAND.
Apply glass works, cor. 7tn and Townsend sts.
MAN FOR CHORES I.V LODGING HOUSE
■l'-« for room and board 39 Turk st.
WAITER AT 629 DAVIS ST.
\\; ANTED— dikh WASHER at 1224 POINT
»»• Lobos ave.
GOOD OPERATOR ON COATS. APPLY
VX HKLIG BROS , 108 Battery.
p ERMAN, AS DETECTIVE: STATE A OF,
VX references, salary expected. J., box |32, Call.
WANTED— A BOY TO HELP IN STORE. AP-
ply 1100 Kentucky st., Potrero.
"WANTED— STEADY, RELIABLE MAN FOR
'» position In country: must have $5 expense
money. Call after 10 a. m.. 9 Geary, room 2.
THE RICHELIEU RESTAURANT. 118a EL-
lls St., bet. Mason ami Powell, has changed
hands, and Mr. Noel Beogue, the new proprietor,
will continue to run it a* a tim-class restaurant;
25c a meal; family entrance off O'Farreil st.
ANTED— SALESMAN EXPERIENCED IN
1? school supplies. Whltaker-Ray C0.. 723 Markt
BARBER*— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. U Barbers' Assn. 8. KUCHS, 825 Grant are.
OORNEYMKN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
secretary .11. BERNARD, 102 (seventh st.
T)ARBER-SHOP, RUNNING 3 CHAIRS; LOW
JJ rent: good location; price f 125; trial given;
this Is a rare chance. J., box 67, Call Office.
I)AKBER WASHSTANDS, 1,2 AND 3 BOWLS,
1 > cheap. H. HUFaCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate av
PARTNER IN GOOD PAYING BUSINESS;
-1- small capital; good outside trade. 2?3 Fourth.
rpHOUSAND'i OF GOOD PLACES UNDER
-L the McKlnley administration In every part of
the country. Do you want one? The midwinter edi-
tion of the National Recorder will tell how to eet a
position. Send 5 cents In stamps to the National
Recorder. Washington, D. C.
T ADIES 1 AND GENTS' MISFIT SHOES
■l-» bought and exchanged; new vamps and sec-
ond-band shoes fur sale: large stock; shoes made
, to order: bes stock: work guaranteed: all kinds
of repairing. 749 Mission, nearGrand Opera-house.
MKN AND women to interview prop-
erty -owners. Landlords' Co-operative Asso-
ciation, 143 Pheian building.
ELCHO HOUSK, BbS^ MARKET ST.-KuoMi
XJ 20c, 25c to 50c night; $1 to $2 weet
OKOf; MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
— U^.U want ads taken for THE CALL.
BtST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, l.">. 20 AND
2& cents per night: $1, $1 v5, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and LeidesdorS sis.
lift NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE""©?
I. Thk Call: subscription and want ads.
taken.
(BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH ST.: OPEN
1 > all night; rooms 25c to 91 per night: 91 25 to
$6 per week. J. G. DRAKE, Manager.
TYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES
made to order. $2 60. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
pKCRUITB WANTED FOP. THE U. a MA-
XV rine Corps, V. & Navy— Able-bodied unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are citizens of the United Spates, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
come such; must be of good character and habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Kills St.. San Francisco, CaL
ROOMS 160 TO 76c PER NIGHT; 60c TO $1 50
i-V per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm si.
. — __
C INGLE FURNISHKD ROOMS; 16c A NIGHT:
0 76c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
WANTED— MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
»» ber trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given:
catalogue sent. S.F. Barber School, 138 y 3 Eighth st
ANT ADS AND SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR
The Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner Sixteenth and Mission sts,
\y ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
• » era&clerks. KNOX Collection Ascr. 110 butter
9F:O£» MISSION BT.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
— tJ— U thk Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
WRY ACME HOUSE. 857' MARKET ST.. BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 2ftc a night; $1 a we**.
1 fJA MEN TO TAKK LODGING AT 10ft 150
I \i\l and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
i.24 Washington st. , near Kearny.:
l\r ANTKD— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
»" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas: they may bring 700 wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN <& CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys. Washington. D. c, for their $19U0 i>ru«
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
\y ANTKD— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
"to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to 93 pat week. .
T>OSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE FUR-
XV nished rooms, 20c to 25c night, &1 to $1 50 wk.
E SIMON WANTS 100 MEN TU'UKT BO"1-
-• tie beer or wine sc: oea. free lunch. 643 Clay.
WINCHESTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» MarKet: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
\\T ANTED-SINGLi, ROOMS, 150 A DAY; $1
' » week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay su
Vy ANTED. YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
'» shoes up to 9 o'clock every night; those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at night while yon wait: ladies' soling, 35c; men'i
soling, 50c: fin* shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of sho«« been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth ' their valne. from 25c up 10
$2 80. 56- Mission St.. bet. First st. and Second st.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— PART OF A HOUSE OR FLAT
of four connecting rooms and batL : all modern
conveniences: rent not to exceed $25: nochlldren.
Address or apply to 1523 Bush st , city.
.WANTED-MISCEIiIiANEOUS.
LADY OR GENTLEMEN AGENTS WANTED
in each town on the coast for omen business.
ncl 10c for samples and circulars to Nature Sup-
ply Company, 24 »/a Third St., S. F.
\y ANTED— A 3OR 5 HORSEPOWER ELKC-
'" trie motor; new or second-band; lowest
price. : Apply W. HULL, P. 0., Sacramento.
ANTED-A GASOLINE LAUNCH, OR
either an engine or bull separate: 8 to 12
horse power. A. I)., Napa.
LANER WANTED: 18 TO 24-INCH: STATK
cash price. Address B. H., box 1, Call Office,
Oakland.
pAPITAL TO DEVELOP Al GOLD MINE
\J for shares in same. Mining, box 71, Call.
ANTED — SECOND-HAND LADY'S
wheel. 1316 Vermont sL ■>
•DUILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES.
±J doors, mantel* etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
O dry to A. KLEIN. 109 bixtb «U; send postaL i
PERSONALS.
FEBRUARY 3. 1807-ANY SEAMAN WHO
lias left any clothing at my house or at Mr. W.
LANE'S, 504 I avis St., will, please call and re-
deem them, a- I am out of the business. WM.
THOMPSON, 1 ••> > larne 8 .. city.
T THE PEO LE'-OXK DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute all ca»ei treated and medicines fur-
nished for *lV^ll or write 1029% Market St..
bet. Sixth and geventh, »an rra .Cisco, ' a..
ME. J. PHILLIPS. LADIES' FABHION-
f .bIe halrdre .r. removeo to 120 Geary St..
opjoslie California Furniture Co.: popular prices.
TF HANNAH GILBERT. LATE OF MAX-
-1 Chester. England, would communicate with her
relatives she would hear of something to her ad-
vantage. _ • - ;
ONORABLE MAN, 35. SOBER, SHOK-
XX maker, wants to meet lady between 20 and 30
with ome means. Address LEO CAPO, 562 Mis-
sion st. ' ;V: '."■;•-.-■.■
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAW? A .SPEC-
ialty: private; no fee without, success; pro-
bate. Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale,
damages, etc. : private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G.W.KOWE, at:y-at-ia\v. 850 Market,cor.Stocktn
A T LINCOLN BROS. CASH GROCERS, 226
A Sixth St., middle of the block— Eggs, 15c doz.;
butter, 20c roll; cheese, 10c H>; picnic hams, sVfcc
&>: 3 cans corned beef, 25c: milk, &c can: toma-
toes, 6c can; s trine beans, 5c can; deviled ham, 5c
can; corn starch, 5c tb- 22 lbs granulated sugar,
91; coal oil. 65c can; 6 cans sardines, 25c: sweet-
breads, 10c can: new jeily, lUc can. Remember
the name— LINCOLN.
T>AG CARPETS WOVE TO OHDER FOR SALE!
XV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er in carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth St., Oakland. Cal.
LADY PARTNER, WITH ESTABLISHED
XJ business preferred, wanted by an experienced,
active business man (35); has a little money. Ad-
dress M. 6.. box 107, Call Office.
PRIVATE DETECTIVE WORK DONE REA-
X sonable; 10 years' experience; all matters
strictly confidential. G. R. WEBSTER, 104 Mason
t>l , room 6.
PAINTING, WHITENING, PAPERING;
X lowest estimates: best work guaranteed; wall pa-
per 3c roll. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster, cor. Eddy.
I-S KEEGAN (FORMERLY WITH G. LED-
erer) has opened a stylish hairdreulng parlor;
latest effects ;price 2sc 124% O'Farrell, nr.Powell.
■VTEURALGIA^
li rheumatism: AND
NERVOUS PROSTRATION
Are causinc so many lives to be wasted. It Is not
necessary to suffer so— there is but one thing can
aid you: medicine cannot reach you, but
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO-MAG XETIO BATHS,
with the wonderful electric apparatus (nothing
like it in the world) will bring back your lost
health. Hygienic board, sunny room, careful and
scientific care and treatment. Address 1633
BUCHANAN ST.
f\ LD GOLD BOUGHT; HIGHEST PRICES. O.
\J NOLTK, jeweler. 222 O'Farrell su, nr. Mason.
MRS. THOMPSON, RETURNED; HAlR-
dresser and manicure. 605 Post St., room 2.
"I ADY TEACHER WILL GIVE LESSONS IN
J ' the English branches or on piano in exchange
for reading aloud. H. 8., box 18, Call Office.
I:pride MYSELF ON the neatness of
my parlors and the politeness of my attend-
ants; hairdresslng Is only 25c: hairdresslng and
shampoo, 60c; switches, 91; "QUINONIA ' hair
tonic, 36c per bottle. G. LEDERER, 111 Stock*
ton St., nearest Geary.
pROF. ARNOLD, MAGNETIC HEALER— ALL
X disease successfully treated; rheumatism posi-
tively cured. Call or write 786 Stevenson st.
**■ c! Sanchez, artistic hair-
dresser and manicure. 614 Pine st., room 7.
T AURA DE FORCE GORDON. ATTORNEY
XJ at law. 1236 Market, over J. J. O'Brien's.
METROPOLITAN DETECTIVE BUREAU,
11X Parrott building, over Emporium: offices, 540-
-641: hours 3 a m. to 12 p. m.; tele. Mint 1471.
"I (\(\f\ CARDS. 91 5a SHOW CARDS. ETC.
IUUU TeL Black 141. HILL, 22% Geary St..
ffij I A DOZEN— FINE CABINET:* AX' WIL-
«g)l BON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
£97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRANCH OFFICE
• '—I of The Cali.; want ads and subscriptions
taken.
pARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
-I and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine st-; Illustrations furnished
for magazines, newspapers, etc.
ARTISTIC H A IRD RESTING, 250; 925 FOR
cases of hair failing or dandruff I cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD. 1104 Market St.. room 28.
pUPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
XX until cured: send for book. DRS. MANS.
FJELD A PORTERFIELD. 838 Market st.
AGNISCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
iUL chine; uses the klnatoscope films; price 9250.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st. .
ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL:, PAPER HANG-
" Ing. painting. etc., by contract or day's work, at
your own price. N.E. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st.
V>IO OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM-
Xu Winchester House. 44 Third st^ nr. Market;
200 rooms, 25c to 91 00 per night: 91 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
HAVE YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McCa.BE'3, 870 Mission, cor. 6th.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 806 Market St., S. F.
/CLOAKS, FURS AND SUITS RETAILED Al
\J wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sansome st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE YOU CONTEMPLATING THE PUR-
chase of a piano? if so our warerooms contain
the most desirable stock from which to makn the
selection; bargains for cash. Installments or rent
contract plan: we are selling some pianos for S3,
$4 an I 95 per month: beautiful new uprights for
96, 97, 99 and 910 per month: no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts all
purchasers of upright pianos from us have the
privilege of exchanging same for a Steinway any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., repre-
sentatives of Steinway & Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and butter sts., San Francisco; also Oakland,
CaL; Portland. Or.: Seattle, Wash. v~ -•
ACTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN
Jt\. pianos; see our list for this week: pianos on
93, 94, 95, 96. 97. 98. 99, 91 0, 915. 920 monthly
payments: fine stool and cover with each; deliv-
ered free anywhere In the city and kept tuned by
expert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.
Salesrooms, 933 Market st., opp. Mason.
ABSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AND LARGEST
A house west of Chicago Is KOHLER A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, or-
gans and all other musical Instruments, of all
grades and prices; terms easy; prices lowest:
everything possible done to please and satisfy tua
customer.
AINES. BUSH <fc GERTB AND KNABE Pi-
anos: get our reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights. 9135: organs, 935. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. I- BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post st.
A DMINJSTRATOR'S SALE — MUST SEILT
J.\. pianos at Immense reduction for cash or on
Installments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market.
OOD UPRIGHTS #126, «150 AND 9175;
square 965: call soon. MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY, 769 Market su
ARGAIN — FINE LARGE UPRIGHT-
cheap. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St., next to
Hibernla Bank.
©OA A GOOD 7-OCTAVE UPRIGHT- FINE
O \J. condition ; 95installmts. 221 Leaven worth.
ORNUNG'S PIANO; MOST PERFECT:
brilliant and powerful tone. 216 Post st.
W G. BADGEIt. SOLE A -ENT FOR HALLET
»' .<fe Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 415 Sacta
100 A WALNUT UPRIGHT, STOOL,
<$)X\J\J. scarf. Bruenn's Piano-house. 228 Post.
A SHAW, STEINWAY 9260, CHICKERINQ
91 85 ; great bargains;?! mo. H IN E . 1 36 EU U.
YRON "A? 308 POST ST.-SOHMEK,
xj n ewby <fc Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
Sp r° R IOLIXS ' ZITHERS, OLD& NEW
OH. MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
LOST.
T OST-SEVERAL MONTHS AGO. IN OR OUT
JJ or the old Broadway Brewery, family photo-
graphs of myself and children, a little boy taken
In Paris; also Paschal Urausset. A suitable re-
ward will be paid on return to DR. KOSTKR. 633
Broadway.
L)RANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL. 167 NINTH
-t->_3t.. want ads and subscriptions taken.
FOUND.
FOUND-ON JANUARY 28, A ROJND-
bottom boat. 252 East st.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
JOHN E. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
26 and 27, Crocker tuUdiu*; Usiephoa* Maiii
v6, Han Francisco, CaL
JOHN R. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHER
O auys at law, rms 515.616. sth floor. Parrou
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIKS.
CAL. CAMERA CO. HAS REMOVED TO 22
Geary St., near Kearny and Market. Latest
and beat In photo good*. *-»«••*
PHYSICIANS.
D% < t^ D ? N ? ELL> 120f * MARKET. RES.
■*-' 28b4 25th st. ; diseases of women* specialty.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
ROCERY AND BAR; 4 ROOMS;. PRICK
VI 9200. DECKER, 1020 Markets!. . :
ffijQXfl STATIONERY, CANDY, AND Ncv
OO\J tion store. DECKER. 1020 -Market st.
CM OX FIRS T-C LASH RESTAURANT*
IFXZ.I). H. C. DECKEP, 1020 Market St.. I
4fjf|f) WILL BUY A FINE SALOON; M
«IPUV/V/ good location: <loitiK a g(od business-
will bear investigation. 33 Sixth St., THOMAS 4
CO., room 18.
P ■> RTNER \V.» NTEDIN A CASH BUSINESS:
J- must be ably tog. ve cood reference- no others
need apply. 3a Blxili st.. rm. 18, THOMAS &CO.
THOSE WHO ARE SEEKING BUSINESS
x. places It will pay them by calling on THOMAS
* CO., 33 Sixth St., room 18. ■
HIGHEST CASH PRICE* PAID FOR FUIIXI-'
ture, restaurant, saloon fixtures- and grocery
stocks. BTENBKKG CO.. 632 Market st. _
<I&J^0 ALOON AND LUNCHHODSE:
'J7 J«-»". promlneut corner In .wholesale div
JiT C v : N'BF*Hr i H rn n A.» a ? f d doing xood bu s'°ess.
rs I ■*!•■*> i>c* rvvt tv, L.0., 6312 Market.
fltinOO GREAT BUSINESS* CHANCE TO
•JIIUUU. buy a manr.f-icruring plant at half its
value; no other one on the coast.; beautiful line of
goods used by everybody: large factory: low rent-
tool*, good will, orders, all co In: owners toinr?
East. Hardware, box 20, Call Office. t>«""i»
<I^oo F , OR SAIIK OK EXCHANGjs FOR
•3TJ OW. city property.old-establishpd arne«
business in San Luis Obispo County: it m,.,!..,, •
is wanted 94600. Address W., box 60. Call Office!
©1 F\A PARTNER WANTED IN LltiHT
tip J O\J. Indoor business: immense profits
plenty of work: great chance for small invest-* •
ment. 9 Geary st., room 2.
TTNP.4RALLELED INDUCEMENTS FOR Iv" •
U vestors In good sold mine. For particalars call
H. H. FEK.NS, 450 Townsend st. . cau
&'7X{\ 8 A LOO N — OLD ESTABLISHED-
«Jp I O\f, stilling 8 to 10 barrels beer weekly*
LEMKE & CO., 265 Third st.
A NIMATOSCOPE— PROJKCTING L I V . Na
A pictures. Animatoscope, 933 Mrkt. , 7;: floor..
pENTLE3IAN PARTNER BY ATTRACTIVE
\Jt and refined young lady. 1 Fifth St., room 1.
ffinAA GOOD EXPRESS BUSINESS. STAND '
«2"!^jUU . SW. corner Eighth and Market si .
WANTED— LADY OF EDUCATION AND
TT refinement to take full charge of sanitarium
near city; one spesking Germ nn preferred: tnuax.
have some money. Address It. £ box 47, 1 ail.
ffljl f\l)f\ WANTED— INTEREST IN GOODf
♦IP J \»\"U gold-mining ciKim: money to haul the' -
ore to be milled. 1359 Stevensou st.; hours, 7 to'
10 a. m., 8 10 7 p. it . ■
QCnfk FOR OFFICE BUSINESS: CLEARED
(tpuuv 94500 last year; or will sell half-interest [
for 9300. Address Opportunity, Call Cfilce, Oak-
land.
XPRESS FURNITURE-MOVING WAGON
and horses for sale: price 9175. 1434 Jackson
St., northeast corner.
(2» OCA WILL BUY A LODGING-HOUSE OF
tIpOOU 16 rooms clearing 960 a month. 33
Sixth St.. room 18.
1r"OR SALE-OLD-KSTABLISHED SALOON
. and house on account of sickness; cheap. 250 '
Spear st.
TO RENT— OLD-ESTABLISH ED BUTCHER-
shop with fixtures; a fine opening; see it. 813
Greenwich st.
FOR SALE-GROCERY AND SALOON ;
cheap; full stock on hand. Apply Call Office.
T7ORSALE— GROCERY AND BAR; 3 ROOMS;
X reasonable. Cor. Fifteenth and Dolores.
IP OR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR; NO OPPO-
X sit Ion; no agents. Inquire Call Office.
XPUESS BUSINESS, COR. SANSOME AND
XU Sutter sts. J. C. Fredericks. •
T»EAUTIFUL SAN RAFAEL; THK OLD-ISS-
XJ a Wished CENTRAL HOTKL for sale on ac-
coum. oi death: rare cnance. Apply to proprietor."
IfOR SALE— HOTEL AND BAR WITH GOOu
X trade; very cheap: suitable for man and wife;
this city. For particulars apply 409 Sansome st. •
ROCERY AND BAR, WITH 6 LIVING-
Vj rooms; kept by ;present owner 12 years. SE.
cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartlett su
pHEXIX RESTAURANT, 213C FILLMOR3-
X st., for sale; 9150: trial given; cause disagree-
ment of partners; see the cook.
CIGAR- STAND AND LAUNDRY OFFICE-
\J good location: low rent. 210 Gran: ave.
OLD-ESTABLISHED CANDY ROUTE AND
\J wason. Address L. PFENNINGKR, 28 Page.
BRANCH BAKERY WITH OUTSIDE CUS-
tomers for sale. Cor. Bush and Pierce sts.
651 MISSION ST.— SALOON FOR SALE \
wl cheaa
rpO TAILORS— A GOOD CHANCE TO BUY A*
1 good merchant tailoring business, with or with- ™
out goods and trimmings on band, or half interest
for a gool cutter and tailor; located about thirty
miles from San Francisco; sickness cause of s -11- .
Ing. Owner can be seen from 10 to 2 o'clock, sun-
day, February 8, 1897, at Brooklyn Hotel.
ITY ROUTE FOR SALE. APPLY THIS
office.
ALOON: A GOOD BUSINESS: GOOD RE A.
O son for selling; no agents. M.. box 40, Call.
OC9P MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND .
— i7«_,U want ads taken for The Call.
©OnA BUYS HOTEL AND BaR; Rl-.N ['
«3T>^UU 912. 2521 Twenty-fourth st., near
Potrero ave.; car stops.
INE BASEMENT SUITABLE FOR ANY
business; one block from Market. 15 Grant ave.
T ATEST CAR FENDER PATENT: BEST IN
XJ ventlon. Apply 623 Golden Gate ave.
•VTEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY
i.l close to ban Francisco. For particulars aim 7
this office. ■ * •
qOQ HAYES— branch office OF the
«JO£7 Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
CRs££lr?Z *£*£ t BEST IN AM^RICA-THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, poet-
•are tree. * «v,
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
O/VROoTThOUSE ON MARKET 5T....'. 51400
Ovf 22-room house, only S 1 400
7- room house... 9700 22-room house" ' 8500
IC-room house.. 150 24 rooms, corner. 760 '
66 rooms, cor... 8,000 14 rms on Sutter. 700'
11 rs., must set! 20l>| 66 rms, best city. 3,500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
©Qfin L'DGING-HOUSE (CORNER) OF 34
ww"v. rooms: all well furnished ; one of the
best locations in the city: worth double the
amount; must be sold. Particulars of "J. B.
Ml HAN, 609 Kearoy st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AMONKY-RAISING SALE— 3O DAYS ONLY
-tx. Bedroom sets, 3 pieces 99 50
Solid oak dining chairs 753
4- room furniture outfit. 967 50
Brussels carpet, laid... 65c yard
SHIREK & &HIREK, 747 Market at., opposita
Grant ave.
Af\(\ CARPETS; CHAMBER bE IS. Sill
IUU-stovea, $5: parlor gets. S2O: foldmg-bedA
910: bar outfits. T. I). MCCARTHY, 764 illssio^|
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household (roods: new or goat •
us new; cas.'t or on time: open evenings.
IpUR.wTURE. STOVES. CARPETS. COUN-
ters. showcases. ANDERSON, 1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
— ,
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X ture and merchandise see BURP. 211 Larkln.
HIGHER PRICE THAN ANYWHERE PAID
X-t by Indiana Auction C0.1057 M«rkct.opp.Jonef
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN*
Mi;r. 88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone Sonth 260.-
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
" poorworksend toSPAULDING'S PioneerCar-
pet-beatlng Works, 353-57 Tehama st. : teL So. 4q
ADVANCE CARPET-CLEAN IN<* Ctt, 403
>a. SuLter; tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM.prop.
WATTS, reliable carpet-cleantt-S renovtg. alter-
O . atlon works. 408 McAllister. TeL Jessie 321. ■
PA RPETS CLEANED*; RENOVATED LIKE
VJnew.. 23 Tenth; tel. Sooth 36. Mackintosh <t Co.
JE. MITCHELL, CAR PET-CLEAN INO CO.,
. 240 14th st. : cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mil 74.
pAKPET-ti.EA.NIMi. 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUO
\J samples free; tel. jessie944. Stratton, 19 Bth
pO.NKU.N'd CAKPJ--T- BEATING WOKKa.
\J 333 Golden Gate nve. Telephone East 1.-6.
BICYCLES. ' • ■
SECOND-HAND— 2 TANDH3s>,#BO AND $ftri-.
2 roadsters, 925 an.l $30. 'good a < new. Goidt*;
Rule Bazaar Bicycle Department, 25 Geary st. T
]V"EW STEABNS BH YCLE, U--KD BTIMIJai
i.l for sale for $30 If sold at once. 51b Geary st.
. ;■ STORAGE.- •
REDUCJD RATES, FURNITUKE, PIANOS,
XW household tools, ecJ.M. I'IERCE, 735 Mkt.
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY FIRS"
proof building; advances made. 211 Laritio.HOUSES TO LET.
• PLACES. TO LET AND FOR SALE IN ALL
X parts of the city. PATTERSON A Co. 2
"Valencia st.
C. (A 1731 BROADWAY, NEAR GOUGH— 8
i\'. rooms; every convenience; marine view.
liTal) TENANTS EJECTED; $3. SMITH
If P collector;. 14 McAllister at., rooms 10-11. '
• >Cl'9O, .2814 LAGUNA; HOUSE 6 ROOMS. "
■ /""—l', $16-1835 Union: corner; 4 rooms.
$14-^1833 Union; 4 rooms.
. r ROOMS;. 'S33b XKCOND ST.: Sift PFIt
;.t) niont-b. : Key at 539 > econd st. .-.
r- ltOOMS; 637b SECOND bT.; »17 pkh
-./••mouth, Key at 539 Second st.
■ C ROOMS:. NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
-0 prov«m?nta; 45 Federal at.; $16 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 539 Second st.
'• CJOUPICt) lO' Kh.Nl' Fott VERY LITTI w
Jl money at BAXliWli! HallmoN^ &
•ilontromerv r:
;. : *'. COTTAGES TO LET.
'*> 1 0 t K v T , COTTA GE o7TrOOMsTi7OB
.C' l ' 2 .hi* St., corner Scott. :. .-.
•t-ROOM SUNNY COTTAGE: LARGE GAR-
= cl - de _ n -= chicken-honse: modern improvements:
reutsib bO. 317 Clipper st., near Ca.ro.
67 -AND 9; COTTAGES: 3 AND 4 ROOMS;
V l ? D T I O T??Jv. A PP Iv on premises, 945 Bryant
.fit . orG. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery St.
0 *^ FLATS TO ' LET:
T^W BTEPS.FROM CITTHALL-KI.KHA.VT
-Lflat; 6 rooms and bath: rent $24. 10 Grove st.
St'NNY FLAT OF 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
«13; no children. 620 Tnrk St.. rear.
Q"! QGKARY— 6 SUNNY ROOMS; IN GOOD
• OXO order; rent $18.
■\rtEW SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS: 8176
XI 26th, cor.Folsom. J. A. ULRICH.4I Crocker bl.
SUNNY FLAT OF 5 ROOMS; RENT $20. 706
Lark is si.
"C'LEG-ANTLY FURNISHED FIAT IN THE
Jui.snnDv belt of the Mission; to a permanent,
■•'respectable tenant: the rent will only be *20 per
month. Apply to KiNG <t HOH.NBLOWER, at-
torney s-at-law, cor. Larkin and McAllister sis.
J-i'.OuM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
Itj -ralst.; to a tenant without children; $10 per
fE,«:;th. Key at 639 second st. -
kni£AF MODERN FLATS, b AND 6
yjfrj roon^s, $8 to 16: see them. 52-3 Seventh st.
•: : ' —
»1Q AND $20: MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
110 rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher au, near s. end
Fill more.
. G«l A LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS,
•Jl4. bath and gas. 8928 Nineteenth St., bet.
; Noeand Sanchez.
• FLATS TO Klil.NT Fort VKKY LITTLB
J ..J:. money at BALDWIA. & hAMMOM/4 lo
'• ivcnieonorv tt. •
' HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
: Buena Vista Avenue.
•V-l C BUENA VISTA AVE., OFF HAIGHT, NR.
j XO Baker— 2 sunny furnished housekeeping rms.
Hush Streec.
" V»o-I WUSH — FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
U*« 1 nished rooms; light housekeeping or board;
Single $6.
. ' Castro Street.
ACi^v CASTRO, REAR— 3 NICE SUNNY
*A\JO hard-finished rooms, unfurnished; large
J-ard; cheap.
Eddy Street.
.V-l 17 EDDY-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
■11 rooms for housekeeping; running waier,
bath, etc.: cheap.
Ellis Street.
♦>99 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
.0 — — housekeeping and single rooms; reasonable
OOA ELLIS— 2 ALL ROOMS FUB.NISUE3
' OOVJ for housekeeping; in rear; cheap.
Franklin Street.
7 FRANKLIN ST.— FURNISHED ROOMS
1 for housekeeping.
Harrison Street.
■7QQ HARRISON, NEAR THIRD— 3 HOUSE-
-4 OO keeping rooms; rent $13.
Howard Street.
«-n 1 HOWARD, COR. THIRD— NICELY FUR-
. < '.'~i nished sunny rooms for housekeeping;
cheap.
I 91 OK HOWARD — FOUR HOUSK KEEPING
I •2*jl£ixJ rooms; bath; stationary washtubs.
V <ie»ue street.
Q£»O JESSIE— FRONT, SUNNY, FURNISH-
. ■OOJ- ed room; light housekeeping: 2 friends; $8.
Laguna Street. .
'' (i(\(\ LAGUNA, NE. CORNER OF McALLIS-
</''" ter— Sunny housekeeping rooms, with or
without gas stove.
jkjiiuj. -tree..
><QC MINNA, "BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
iOu 6 untarnished rooms; also cottage.
A Of? MINNA — LARGE. SUNNY FRONT
*-l »>U room: light housekeeping; or 2 gentlemen.
• t\A(\ MINNA— FURNISHED SUNNY ROOMS
,OT.U for housekeeping: large yard.
Mission Street.
Cfrq MISSION-NEW FURNISHED HOUSE-
O«3>£/ keeping rooms; also single.
Montgomery Street. : ■;
C97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
O~ <• until 9:3u o'clock: branch office of The
Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
• . Bun Street.
"I QQ RUSS— 2 ROOMS IOR HOUSEKEEP-
XOO ing: rent reasonable.
Miiti Street. .
-I "1 A SIXTH, COR. MINNA-3 OR 4 FINE
lit) sunny rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping, with use of piano.
• 1 9J. SIXTH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
X^itt -rooms for housekeeping; suites and single
rooms. ■ -
Seventh Street.
1 Q£* SEVENTH ST.— A LARGE DOUBLE
 JLOU room; famished for housekeeping: cheap.
Taylor Street.
Ol f\ » TAYLOR— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
— i\jl nished light housekeeping: reasonable.
Tenth Streec.
lOC TENTH— 2 SUNNY FRONT WELL-FUR-
■ -» —«J nlsbea rooms and bath: for housekeeping.
I • Third Street.
W&S\A THIRD-NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE-
/ «ut keeping rooms; bay-window; $9 and $10
suite.
" ' 1 Tremont Avenue.
Q fEEMONT AVE.. OPP. CHUTES-SINGLE
•vif/i double tooms, 110 objection to light house-
Keeping..
debater Street.
711 WE BST E R-SulTi Ov ROOMS; Pa
mshed^gSa^b^ 116111 fUrUlBhe(l ° r nDfar -
Welsh Mreet.
112a lTf £ n L rn| H |;P/P I7 V* RTH - 2 OR 3 NICE-
■ - 1 *■*•* »y famished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
ROOMS TO LET. ' -
■110 Edtly street.
O.BDDY, COR. POWELL - NICELY FUB-
O nlahed sunny room on Market su. *2 60 week.
QQ4 EDDY-LARGE BUNNY FRONT PAH.
OOt lor, neatly furnished: rent reasonable.
jfjl k KDCY-KI.EOAST PARLOR FLOOR-
DlO unfurnished; bath; hot and coM wJSr
good location. ««ter.
' ;-'■ '• -. ' Ellis Street.
KOYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIB - INCAKDBI
cent lights In every room; Ing- room, con-
taining daily papers: smoking-room and ladies'
parlor; open all night: rooms per night 35cm
$1 60: week, $2 to$«: month, $8 to $80; fire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
sow ready :bot and cold water In each room; baths.
' WHE RAMON A, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE a
-L HART, manager— A quiet hou»e; centrally lo-
cated: newly tarnished; elevator; hot & cold water.
iA*)(k ELLIS-LARGE SUNNY ALCOVE
t"' — v room: 2 large closets: running water.
f^UNNY KOOM WITH : CLOSET; USE OF
yj eath; rent $6. 721 Ellis at
111 tit street.
THE- COSMOPOLITAN — SELECT FAMILY
J hotel: 100 Fifth at., cor. Mission: rooms
We, 76c and $1 per ut;ht: $2 to 85 per week.
• . Franklin Street.
On .C FRANKLIN— LARGE FRONT UNFUB-
4UX U nlsbed bay-window room.
i
BOOMS TO LET— Continued.
Eighth Street.
CHERSIAS APARTMKNT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 su, near Market: lurnisbed and unfurnished.
Eleventh Street.
11 pa 11TH— BAY-WINDOW RONT ROOM
ill) with grate; suitable for 2; $10 a month.
lolsniu Street:.
Q9f\ FOLSOM,. If BAB FOURTH— FURNISH-
O«-U ed rooms: $1 a week.
Golden Gate Avenue.
-I KrVQ GOLDEN GATE AVE. — FURNISHED
Xt)\JV and unfurnished rooms: private family.
■loiies Street.
nr JONES— 1 LARGK AN D 1 SMALL SUNNY
I room, neatly furnished: private: 48 and $10.
»IA7 JOJSEB-THK VAN WINKLE; NEW
— U I management; elegant sonny suites and
single: newly furniahed: bath, etc.: 910 to &80.
rii JONH>— 2 CONNECI'INGROOM^.SUITE
till or single; $8 and $10: grate, gas and bath.
Keamy Street,
A RLINGTON HOU*K, 127 KEARNY -
_.*V_ Pleasant sonny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect: term* reasonable.
■VftW AVENUE HOUSE. 904 KKARNY ST.,
X\ corner Jackson— blngle rooms 15, 20, 25. 50
cents per night: special rales per wee V: or month.
Lark in Street.
A 1 9 LARKIX — FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND
~i 1 — bath for respectable peovle only.
Market Street,
inqr MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
J-UCiJsuiUJS or single, from $1 50 to $5 per wee*
V^SKMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— PEK
1 night, $35 to $1; week, $1 60 10 $6: families.
1 i 90 MARKET— LARGK SUXNY UNFUR-
I »— O nisbea rooms; suitable for offices or
dressmaking parlors.
Mason Street.
m MASON— FURNISHED ROOM IN' PRl-
vate family: gas and bath; gentlemen.
Minna Street.
AQI MINNA, BET. FIFTH AND RIXTH—
■'i •> 1 Nicely furnished front rooms; $6 a month
and up; hot and cold water baths.
i*t-rr MUNNA. COR. EIGHTH-NEWLY FUR-
DU i nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house: $1 50 to $t{ per week.
1 1 AGP MISSION, NEAR SEVENTH— COM-
-1 1 "dU fortable room; $3 and $4 a month.
9- -1 f\l MISSION — ELEGANT FURNISHED
_«)JLUij from room in private family; reason-
able.
OctaTla Street.
1 (AO OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY— TWO CON-
-1 "iUO necting bay-window rooms or kitchen if
desired; $18.
Pacific Street.
GRAND OPENING. NEW FRANKLIN
VJT House, 321 Pacific — Rooms furnished or un-
furnished: day, ween or month. U. PINELLI,
Z MINELLI, A. DONI&ELLI.
fine Street.
Q1 C NEWLY FURNISHED ROOM;
Ol » ) rent reasonable: clean.
; ; —
i oik street.
■I rj(\n POLK, COR, CLAY— NEWLY FUR-
-1 I "— nished slnsle rooms; sunny; bath; $6
and $8.
l'uwell Street.
ILLISFORD - 212-214 POWELL— NEWLY
»» furnished rooms.
99- POWELL ST., COR. GEARY: 1 LARGE,
«-*-«J sunny corner room; qicely furnished.
fcecond Street.
Q 7 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE: ELEOANT
Ol furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
Silver Street.
QQ SILVER — LARGE SINGLE SUNNY
00 front room; reasonable.
Sixteenth Street.
9Q0.9 SIXTEENTH ST., COR. HOWARD—
_f7\7— Laree sunny front room; furnished:
grate: $2 a week.
Sixth Street.
■I Ql SIXTH — SUNNY FRONT SUITE OF
it); rooms: reasonable.
QQ fiIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEHAST
00 rooms; Ml conveniences; fireproof building.
seventh. Streeu
1 An SEVENTH ST., GIRARD HOUSE— ELE-
Ii- Rant furn. suites, kitchen: also single rooms
Taylor Street.
inn TAYLOR . ST.— SINGLE ROOMS; »1
X.\JO and $1 26 per week.
Tenth Street.
I HO TENTH— BAY-WINDOW SUN-
X\Jt.f ny room: running water: with bath; suit-
able for one or two gentlemen; $10 per month.
TENTH, NEAR MARKET — LARGE
sunny room; light housekeeping if desired.
Turk Street.
Ql A TURK— SUNNY SUITE; NEW FURNI-
OXI/ ture: private family; en suite or single.
Valencia Street.
KQ.fl VALENCIA -ONE LARGE SUNNY
0012 front room, suitable for 2.
Miscellaneous.
2 UPPER FRONT BOW-WINDOW SUNNY
rooms: suite or single: grate; near Oak and
Pierce. Address J. B , box 2, Call.
W. COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION:
branch office of Tat: Call, subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
719 POST— NICK SUNNY ROOM WITH
I 1— board, suitable for two young men.
7] C POST-SUITE OK SUNNY FURNISH-
I 1 U ed room* with beard or housekeeping.
997 GKARY— NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS
-.— I en suite or single; first-class table; excel-
li nt service.
rpHE VICTORIA, NW. COR. CALIFORNIA
i- and Hyde— Newly furnished rooms: suite or
single; first-class board: terms reasonable.
Ql (\ BUSH— SUNNY FRONT ROOM AND
Ulu board in Spanish family.
JIO EDDY— LOVELY. SUNNY ROOM FOR
I 1 «- 2 with board; $20 each; smaller room, $16.
QAI LEA VEN WORTH — SUNNY CORNER:
yj\J X suites, single; excellent table: rates mod.
1 t\O(\ CALIFORNIA-PLEASANT, SUNNY
1 c/— \J parlors, with board: also table board.
r\()'} VAN NESS AVE.— HANDSOME PAR-
O\J — lor sunny suite: board optional. *
OAQ VAN NKSs AVE— ELEGANT RUNNY
01/O rooms, en suite or single; excellent table.
A A SIXTH ST.-THE MANCHESTER; ELE-
rtrt gaut furnished sunny rooms; fine table board.
OTBL BKRTLING. 71* BISH-A FAMILY
hotel: references: a! I modern conveniences.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
REFINED LADY WOULD LIKiC ONE OR
two children to board: terms reasonable. Ad-
dress G., box 10, Call Office, Oakland.
'. STORES TO LET.
A* EUTON & GARDIN KB, 411 MONTGOMERY
An. — Basement 322 Montgomery ave.,' cor.
Vaiiejo st.; good location for p. umber: rent $15.
tjnn PACIFIC, NEAR CORNER OF BAN-"
iiZO gome— Handsome large store; rent very
cheap. ■"•-':. '■■■''
SPACE SUITABLE FOR CANDY-STORE OB
0 barber-shop, : inquire at 916 Market st.
■\TE. COR. SEVENTH AND FOLSOM, WITH
-»-> fixtures for bar and grocery, for rent cheap. •
TO RENT CHEAP— STORE AND
large basement: fine location. 638 California.
177-1 ELLIS— SHOESTORE TO LET; KENT
II li cheap; established 10 years. . .
A~l Ci FOURTH-SMALL STORE WITH BOOM
r±X\J in rear: low rent. .Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery st. ' • .
BAKBEK-tsHOP. WITH BATHS: EBTAB-
llshed 16 years: -£18 per month; Key at 639
feccondat. - :
Carpenter-shop: $7 per month. 6De Boom St.;
key at63B6e.ondau
Pitimbing-shop; $« per month. 3 DeßoomsL:
key at 639 Second «u
Corner ore, 631 fcecond st.; 914' per month;
key at 639 Second sU
T LOW RKNT-PABT Oil" 6T08J3 AND
oa>ement. 324 Post St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 18»T.
OFFICES TO LET.
49ri BUT 1 ER-HANDSOMELY FURNISHKD
light 1 arlors and offices for physicians or
dentists; central; reasonable; appreciated if seen.
"VJ-EWLY FURNISHED. COZY COTTAGE, 5
■Li rooms and bath: 5-0 Baker St.; rent $35 to
responsible party without children.
"1 MARKET— 'NEW, L.'RGE, SUNKY
XOKJO front offl-e-rooms: all modern.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, THE WORLD'S MOST
famous medium of modern times. Don't fail
to see her if you are interested in the affairs of life;
if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, lawsuits, business transac-
tions, wills, deeds and mortgages, lost or stolen
property, lost or absent friends, interest you: if
you care to know what you should do to be suc-
cessful, where you should go aud whom to avoid,
when to buy and sell stocks, etc.: in a word, what-
ever may be your trouble, suspicions or desires,
call on this gifted woman and she will send you
away happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
Hours aa. M. to »p. m.. strict. N. li— Sa.lsf action
guaranteed by mail, bend stamp for pamphlet,
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Mar-
ket st.. narlors 25 and 26. Take elevator.
p:rvc. 50c. BOa BOa
*J\J Remaining 2 weeks only; the famous, world-
renowned Miss Van de Vere will foretell your fu-
ture, guide your affections and secure you infallible
luck tn love courtship and marriage: business
and mtwing Investments a specialty: positive proof
of accurate predictions given. 1 Fif.h su, room 1.
ME. DR THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, pas:,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; . noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure
help: restores lost love by sympatny; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1 : letter $2. 929 Post st, nr Larkln.
MISS MELVILLE, WELL-KNOWN QLAlR-
voyant, 51 Fifth st.; water readings a specialty.
ME. NEOMA, CARD-READER; PAST,
present and future; 25c. 131 Fourth SU; sat-
isfaction guaranteed.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; pictures given; ladles 25c: 914 O'FarrelL
MELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT; PICTURE
i'l of future husband or wife. 50c. 766Vs Howard.
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA: CARDS.: LA
dies, 26c: gents, 00c. 951 Mission, OS. 6th.
ME. LEGKTTE. CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
advice; 25c; one price. 811 Tehama, nr. 4th.
11 ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
■I'l business advice: names given; 25c 5 Fourth
ME. HANSEN. PALMIsT, CARD-READER;
jLVI past, present aud future; 25c. 148 6tb, r. 5.
pON CHITA RETURNED: WONDERFUL
\J card-reader. 138a Fourth st., room 4.
LICE FAY. MKDIUM AND MAGNETIC
-'V healer, permanent 128 Seventh sU, top flat.
G"i PSY LIFE- HEADER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st., nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, BEST-KNOWN CLAIR.
I>X voyaut in the city. Residence. 132 Turk st.
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IX AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, si-nt to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
«V«e free. T.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, CIR. TO-NIGHT, TUES.,
Wed. and Frl., 2 p. m.; trance dr., Mon. and
Fri. eve.,'^sc: sittings daily. 326 McAllister .st.
MME. OSMAN, SPIKITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life read Ings, love affairs, business Invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
VI A DAME i.RAY, THE WONDERFUL MAG-
i™ netic healer, wants a few more patients. 142
Seventh st., room 33. • -
MRS. MAYO STEER*' CIRCLE TO.DAY, 2
o'clock, 25c: readings, L 112% Oak eU
\ T 229 FELL MRS. PLACE; CIRCLE
A to-night; 25c.
JC HANSEN'S TEST CIRCLE TO-NIi.HT;
• 10c; developing circleWednesday.B 107 Fifth.
ME. YOUNG'S TEST CIRCLK TO-NIGHT;
10c; music. 418 McAllister st.
MRS. KLLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGiS.9 TO B. $1;
circles Toes., Fri.. 2p. m., 25c. 233 Valencia.
MRS. H. A. GhIFFIN— CIR. SUN. EVE.; 25c;
parlor-test mtg. Thur. eve.; st;s 426VsOrove.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT.
■"-I- trance test medium <£ life reader. 218 Stockton
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
.tl.. writer. 118 Haleht st.: hours 9 until 6 p. m.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
•• *- WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
lIYr>'OTIS3I. -. :*";A
THE LIQUOK. MORPHINE AND CJUAR-
J- ett« hair, also nervous complaints, cared by
hypnotism. l'roLT.A.Kt:NNEDY,i3uEiils,r.29-30
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
JLJ. snecess grtd.HvpnotlcMesmericlns,6 O'Farreil
LEGAL NOTICES.
VOTICr>Oi'EXKCUTRIX'S SALE OF REAL
-•-> Estate— Notice la hereby glvtn that, pursuant
to an order of the Superior Court of the State of
California In and for the co'uuty of Los Angeles,
duly given, made and entered on the 12th day of
May, A. D. 1896, and an order duly given, made
and entered therein on the 3Jth day of January
1897. shortening time 01 notice, in 'the matter of
the estate of ciIAKLES N. II a SSu.V, deceased,
No. 11 43 of the files and lecords of said court, the
undersigned, MARION E. 11aS.~on. as execu-
trix of the last Mill and testament of said
CHARLE> N. HASSON. deceased, will, en or
after the 11th day of February, A. D. 1597, and
within six months thereafter, sell at private sale
to the highes. and best bidder all the right, tltlo
and interest which said CHARLES N. Ha>BON,
deceased, had at the time of his death and whlcn
said es:ate has acquired in and to that certain real
proper situate In the City and County of san
Francisco, State of California, and described at
follows, to wit:
Commencing at a point on the southeasterly line
of Howard street, distant three hundred and liuv-
flve (366) feet sou hwesterly from the southwest-
erly line of Fourth stret, running thence south-
westerly along said line of Howard street, iorty
five (45) feet, hence southeasterly parallel with
Fourth street, eUhtv-flve (85) feet, thence north-
easterly parallel with Howard street.. forty-five
(45) feet, -thence northwesterly eighty-five (ha)
le t to the point of commencement, beini; a por-
tion of one hundred vara lot No. 130 of said city
and County.
And also that certain real propertv situate in
the city of Los Angeles, county of Los An teles
State of Cnlifor la, described as follows, to wit
Lot nineteen (19), block D, Morris Vineyard
Tract, in said city of Los Angeles. .
Lot twenty. (20) in bock two (2). Washington
Garden Tract, In said city of Los Ange es
Lot twenty-two (22), block two (. ), Washington
Garden Tract, in said city of Los Angeles.
Atid also the northerly sixty (60) feet of lot
three (3;, block seventeen (17), Ord's survey of
the ci.y of Los Angeles, county of Los An-
geles, state Of Cal fornla, and being the north-
erly half of said lot 3. now being tfce property
of the estate of Raid CHakLKs N. HAS ON,
deceased, the said real property to be sold pur-
suant to said order, and the same will be sold in
separate lots, parcels or tracts, or parts of said lots
uaroelsor tracts.
The terms of said sale will be cash iu lawful
money or the United States on confirmation of
sale, or one-third thereof in cash on confirmation
of sale, oue-lhlrd on or before six months, and one-
third on or btfore twelve months from ih • d. te of
sale, all defout d payments to be secured by note
or notes and mortgage or mortgages of the pur-
chaser or purchasers on the real estate sold, and to
bear interest at the rate of 9 per cent per annum-
that offers or bds In writing will be received by
i he undersigned at the office of Wa ter Rose, Kbo..
entrance loom 2, 238 W. First su, Redlck b oc-Y
city of 1 os Angeles, county of Los Angeles, (state
of California, or Messrs. Easton, Eldridge & Co .
638 Market st., san Francisco, Cal , for the pur-
chase of said property, and said bids may be left
with Walter Rose, Esq., Mes-irs Easton, Eldridge
<fc Co. or the undersigned, at 631 South Spring su.
In the city of Los Angeles. Cal. . '
Dated this BOih day of January, A. D. 1897.
MARION E. H ASSON,
Executrix of tbe last will and testament of
CHARLES N. H ASSON, deceased.
Walter Rose, Esq., rooms 1, 2, 3, Redlck block,
Los Ang les, Cal., attorney for executrix, or Baa-
ton, Eldridge & Co., 638 Market at., San Fran.
Cisco, or i"1 South Broadway, Los Angeiej. , ■ "
Dated February 2. 1897.
"VTOTICE ' TO CREDITORS — ESTATE OF
IN GEORGE W. CORN WELL, deceased. No-
tice Is hereby given by the undersigned, adminis-
tratrix of the estate of GEORGE W. c,KN-
WELL. deceased, to the creditors of and all per-
sons having claims against the said deceased.to
exhibit tbem with the necessary vouchers, within
four months after the first publication of this no-
tice to the said administratrix, at the office
of E. M. MORGAN, attorney-at-law, rooms 35
and 36, 14 Sansome street, San Francisco, the
same being her place for the transaction of the
business of the said estate in the City and Countv
of San Francisco. Htate of California. ' •: . —
FKLICIA F. CORN WELL, administratrix ot
the estate of GEORGE W. CORN WKLL, deceased
Dated at San Francisco. January '20, 1897.
ATTORNEYS- AT-L AW.
A DVICE FREE: DIVORCE LAW* A SPKC-
21. laity; private; no fee without sucoess: probate
Insolvency, wills, collections, bills of sale, deeds
damages, etc. ; private detectives: estab. 10 years.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st. corner (Stockton st
W. KINO, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, CHRON-
. lcle building: advice free: low fa a: all cases.
A DVICE FREE; NO CHARGE UNLKSB BUC-
-A cesstul. J. O. JEFFRK6B. 632 Market, rm.23.
A DVICFFREK: NO CHARGE UNLESS bUo"
J\ cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON 927 Market si.
HOTELS. -
T>KOOKLYN HOTEL, 208-212 BUSH ST.,
i > board and room $1 to $2 per day. $6 to $13
per week; choice rooms ■60 cents to $1: suite
looms for family $i to »1 50 per night: lirst-clasa
service; free coach. cHAKLJitj MONTGOMERY
EDUCATIONAL.
T UCKHARDT'S COMBINED ASSAY OFFICE
XJ aud school of Instruction (incorporated);
PKAt iICAi. »nd INDIVIDUAL instruction in
the latest improved methods in assaying, analysis, t
electroplating. CYANIDE process, etc.; SPECIAL
ATTENTION given to caieful a. say and analysis
of ores, waters, etc. 26 O'Farretl si.: elevator.
A SCHOOL OF PHYSICAL CULTURE AND
Elocution, 1215 Octavia st., San Francisco,
Miss KLIZA MA> KINTOSH, pupil of Professor
G. W. Baynham, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
of the .school of oratory, Philadelphia, Pa.,
teacher. Office days, Tnurs. and SaL p. k.
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGK, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages. English branches,
electrical engineering: -0 teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AT A SACRIFICE ON ACCOUNT OF ACCl-
dent— A four months' course In bookkeeping
and shorthand at a F. Business College; good'
from dale of entry. GKBHARDT, 231 Shotwell.
AYRKS 1 . THE LEADING COLLEGE, 32*
Montgomery st. : individual instruction id
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
Ufa scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
CTAMMEKING, LISPING. ALL IMPERFEO
0 lions of speech, positively cured: voice build-
; ing. individual instruction: references from best in
California. PROF. K. t-. DAVIS, 1508 Markeu
Cji r complete" COURSE, shorthand
©It), and typewriting (Pitman or Graham) by
Eastern law stenographer; day or evening instruc-
tion. 1818V4 Post «.
TIEHL'H SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 933 Market sU ; students trained; office
situations secured : lowest rates or credit, for tuition.
"PIANO, VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR,
X banjo, 50c per lesson. MME. PUCENIX, 622
Clay ■( room 20.
"C 1 LOCUTION AND DRAMA; TeTsaRTE
Xj thoroughly teuKht: appearances arranged; 1 10
8 p.m. OLIVE HOFF-SCHKOtDEK, 299 Hyde aU
"OKLASCO'S LI'CKU-M SCHOOL OF ACTING- j
I) Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed !
on stage. R. & and 12, 1.0.0.F. block, 7th and Mkt.
I>OOKKEEPING THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
X) or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
1 A Kit, room 672, I'arrott Emporium building.
ENGINEEKINU SCHOOL: MECH.. ELEU,
XJ civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt., X ray
tauKhv;es.lB64. A. VAN DERNAILLKN.723 Mkt
SUBSCRIPTIONS AND WANT ADS FOR THE
0 Call taken at branch office, 389 Hayes bt.;
open until 9 :30 o'clock.
PASISH.FRENCH.Etc: Prof. DkFILIPPE'S
Academy of Languages,32o Post st ;estab'd 1871
SLNGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
"I EO COOPER'S SCHOOL OF ACTING. DaNC-
-LJ Ing, voice, pantomime, stage. 814 Geary st.
BANJO, PIANO, MANDOLIN AND GUITAR
thoroughly taught; lessons 50c. 125 Tenth sU
OICE, DRAMA, ORATORY: PRIVATE AND
class. ProtKOSS, Donohoe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to B.
Prof, L. ran kin — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
-I mandola;terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
GUITAR, MANDOLIN. PiANU AND VOCAX
VX lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhani. 39 Fifth.
BOOKKPNO. WRUNG. ARITHMiC. GRAMR.
d«v <t night: noclins»«: $5 month. 845 Mission.
MEDICAL.
ABURK. SAFE AND SPEED x CURE FOR
all female diseases; ladies may have the bene-
fit of the skill and attention of a physician of long
I and successful practice. A home In confinement
with b> st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences of a hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call 03 thedoctor and state their
case. All cousultatiou free and confidential. Sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great worid-renowed rem-
edy for home treatment. MRS. DR. GWYER.
238 Turk sl
R. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIAL-
Ut, still offers his valuable services 10 the un-
fortunate. With a mind matured and enriched by
studies of an advanced order, there la hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills he cannot
j treat to a pei feet cure. Ladies, ha is always ready
to assist you His Knowledge has been strength-
I ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
j to your rtf lie organism is bevond bis sure con-
trol. His female mont nly remedies are sure and
safe In their effects. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost manhood are never-failing In their
action, and are warranted tor both young and old.
He excels all others 1 1 cure of private diseases.
Over 60 years of practice enables him to warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 906 ■
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market at.,
I rooms 11 and 12.
A PROCESS THAT IS PERFECTLY HARM-
less: never falls Id any case of monthly sick-
! ness, no rnotter what cauie; no elec ricity hum-
j bug or other dangerous methods: money In every
case refunded if a cure is not effected: travelers
helped immediately; years' experience; home In
confinement with sanitarian convenience. Con-
sult free the only reliable physicians, DR. AND
MRS. haviks, 14 McAllister su, next Hlbernia
Bank: hours,. 9 a. it. to 6 and 7 to 8 p. if.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO RE-
atore every case of monthly sickness from
: whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
j and others have failed; no Instruments used;
cnauy years' experience: every case guaranteed:
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MK.-i. DK. DALEY, 112J
Market a'-, over the Owl Drug btore. '
T A DIES, CHICHESTER'B ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are beet; safe, re-
-1 liable: take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
' lars, "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return mall;
at druggist's. Chichest«r Cbem. Co., Philadelphia
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman
i her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day ;caa be
I sent' and used at home; all cases guaranteed ; do
. no: trust incompetent female physicians. DR.
I POPPER, tbe we.l-kuowu pioneer, 318 Kearny su
DR. FOU LET'S FRENCH CAPSULK3— A
guaranteed absolute cura for all female dis-
' eases (no ma: ter what cause): positively safe and
i sure; no danger or after effects: taken in time it
! also acts as a preventive: price $1 60 per box;
; rent free by mall on receipt ot price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant ave.
DR. AND MRS. WEGKNER. 626 EDDY ST.;
private home with every comfort: separate
rooms before and during confinement: all female
I complaints skillfully treated; regular physician;
1 quick relief for travelers; best care; terms moder-
ate; consultation free; pills $2.
DKS. GOODWIN. SPECIALIST: LADIES.
near or far, safe? quick cure guaranteed: any
! disease or complaint; home for patients; best skill;
I free diagnosis; low fees; be- f cure. 401 Van Ness
i ave., flat D.
DR. AND MBA. RAY — SPECIALISTS IN
female diseases: irregularities restored with-
| out fill; no instruments; safe and sure: private
home: Infallible pills; regular physician. 51 Fifth.
(llj^nA PAID FOR A CASK I FAIL TO CURE
<i&O\J\J of female complaints or diseases of the
eye; consultation free. lilts. DK. SCOT! Geary I
DU PKAK'S FKMALK KKGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenasogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS <tOO.,druggists. 406 Clay su.sole agts.
ALL CASES OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored in a few hours: safety assured at any
time: instant relief for travelers: home In confine
merit: consult free; confidential; hours. 10 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post aU, near Larkin.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
-TV ladies with female troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D. don't delay until
too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
ONT FAIL TO CONSULT DK. JORDAN AT
bis museum, 1061 Market st. : his 80 yean'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst Cases treated satisfactorily by mail. -
SF. LYING-IN (PRIVATK) HOME; DIS
O . eases of women and children, 235 Kearny, r. 9.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 t.lghtb st, Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
see MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content. 264 y a 4th. y
1 |R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NiiAtt
I ' Jones. Diseases of women and children.
DENTISTS.
IPULL SET OF TEETH. $7; WARRANTED S
. years; painless extraction: see new combina-
tion p ate; thinnest, lightest, coolest plate made-
warranted 10 yrs. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 oth.
RSI -CLASS DENTISTRY; CHEAP- PAx-
able $1 week. CHAPMAN. 16th and Mission.
OBITIVEI.Y PAINLESS EXTRACTION,
X DK. HARDING, 600 Nutter; . U-l. main 6375.
pHALFANT 4 CHALFANT, MOVED FROM
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: brldgework aspeclalty.
COLTON DKMAL ASSOCIATION. bOtJ 2d.A.ii-
ket at. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
©7 A BETTOR TEETH- WARRANTED A3
O I rood as can be made; tilling 1. DR hLHM^
dentist, 930 Market sl, next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLKSS EXTRACTION. 6Oc; CRoWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 tip: 18 year*
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
T\R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST, NR.
XJ Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made; | old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 6Oo; (as given.
(JUT O* TEEIH WITHOUT ai-laXji. Hit.
O H. G. Young. 1841 Polk au *:
DK. J. J. LKKK. 1206 MARK KT. COK, GOLDEN
Gate ave. ; open evenings: Sundays till noon,
pKOOMB DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 769 MAS-
\J ket, beL 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting with gas, »1; plates. $5 up; fill, $1 up.
K. GEOKGK W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer ot painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or tee:t»
without any plate, moved from 6to 20 O'Farreil 1;. -
ALL WORK . REASON ABLK AND WAii-
ran tea. t>& J. W. KEY. U2i Market M.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SNAP SHOTS— OFFERS WANTED.
O 6.000— Dei.ongave., nr. Frederick st.
$1000—125x100 : corner; block 6: Mission - and
Th th sis.; Extension Homestead Association.
$750— 705x100: Abbey Homestead Association:
, San Mateo 1 ounty; rt-nr Holy Cross Ceme.ery.
$4UO-ti0xl80; 2 fronts; block 33, l-airmount
Tract. ■ ■•
$200-40x199: Bernal Homestead.
$875-2 lots, 150x100 each: Excelsior Home-
stead.
$250 — (0x108:3; lot 41, San Miguel Homestead
Association. - ■
$175—76x100, in block 485, Bay View Home-
stead. IHAS. C FISiiEK, 507 Calilornta su
(E»w^f| 10(;xl25; N. SIDK MI.VEKVA' ST.,
OOVi. near Capitol; Railroad .Homestead As-
sociation, Ocean View. I ",.'•■■
(fljO,-/| H0xl20; COR. CAMBRIDGE AND
«3TOt>U. WaylandBts.. University Mound Tract.
180x126; COR. FARALLO .ES AND CAPI-
toI sts.; Railroad Homestead Association.
CHARLEBC FIsHER, 507 California St.
■VTOTICE OF CHANGE
IN IN PRICES.
Ibe prices will be advanced on February
15. 1897, on the unsold lots in the blocs
bounded by H and I sis, 9th and 10 h aves.
The prices are extreme. y low, find the lots
are sold on your own terms. We advise you
to see ibis property at once; the lots are sell-
ing like hot cakes: there are now only 11 left
out of 50. If you do not hurry you will miss
this splendid opportunity to make money or
secure a choice ie*idence lo:. Rememrcr
ibis blocK fronts on the paek, and streets are
on official grade: lots levet. A good many
houses have been started, and. more to fol-
low; gas and water.
■ BALDWIN 4 HOWELL,
. 10 Montgomery st.
PARK LOTS. .• •-: '
$225.
$26 CASH. ,"*
$10 MONTHLY.
We have just subdivided the block bounded by"
10th and 11. h avts., N and O sis.; prices $i25
each for inside lots and $350 for corners; terms
$25 cash, (10 monthly: title perfect; near the
I Affiliated Colleges: bound to advance in value;
I buy a .ot and put aside $10 a month; it will pay
you well. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTH KB,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A. First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
LOW PRICES, GREAT BARGAINS.
mA KB ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
-1 purchases, get a lot cheaper than you ever will
again.
V |||A $150 TO $300: BUILDING LOTS:
«_ 1 VV/. no grading; near Mlsslon-st. and Sun
Mateo electric car lines: only $5 monthly.
fl>r;\ $100, $150 TO $800; CHOICEST LOTS
0 ' «-*• south of the park; near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stand and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly Installments. '■
ff;OCft TO $1100: RICHMOND LOTS; WE
tlr^-OU can positively gui. you In location, price
and terms.
Call on us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams.
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, first noor, Ciocker building.
SI I f\(\ FOR A 4-ROOM AND BATH COT-
llw lace with lot 25x100 on the Mission-
st. Electric line: $160 cash, balance $12 per
I month. W. W. REDN ALL, builder, 2312 Market.
»>(AftA FOR SALE OR exchange.
(JJIUUU. New cottage on 23d ave., East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and bath: high 'basement; brick
loundatiou; Day windows; lot 52x160.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery at.
rOR bALE ON EASY* TERMS-MODERN
-F houses on Masonic ave. and Waller st.; house*
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun in every room;
see them to-day. Take Balght or Ellis streetcar,
(.et off at Masonic »ve. : owner on premises.
MONK* TO LOAN.
A LOANS ON FURNITURE OR PIANOS,
. in S. F., Oakland or Alameda, at lowest rates;
without removal: no commissions: no delays.
J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st, above Sixth,
telephone Jessie 41.
Q9()A f\(\(\ AT 6% PER CENT ON CITY
f^)O\J\J . \J\J\J real estate; also Oakland estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mils building, ground door.
IGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
, place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at me very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
i bate; fnrnltnre and pianos without removal.
1 McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3. j
-PKIVATK AND RESPECTABLE, WITH
very light interest, is the secret of our success.
Cut-rate Loan Office, Flood building, nO9 Market.
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal: no delays: do commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market s"~
<£'-*9 ; \ nnn AT BANK rates: l&T AND
iSP<.)~iO.\J\J\J 2d mortgages, estates, rents, eta;
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY. 628 Market su
WHY PAY HieH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
We loan at 55c Interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d. mortgage; any security. Gold, box 4, Call.
or 00,000 ON CITY AND COUNTY PROP-
<3>*Jerty; low rates. . A. SCHULLER, 420 Cal.st.
ON FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall ave.
I OAN» ON REAL ESTATE; LOWEST RATE
\J of interest JAS.RBIOOKS. 214 Pine, r sB-59.
PttIVAJE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
a- securlty:low Interest. H.D., box 160, Ca1l Office.
ONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine St., room 3.
C«- (\ TO $50, 000; LOWEST HA IE: AST & :!!>
iZOVt mortgage; flat or Instlmnu Dryden, 635 Cal.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. JEWELRY.KTC
s\ Columbia Loan & Collateral Office. 9 <<rantave,
JMNANCIAL.
"IV* ANTED TO BORROW $1600 FROM PRI-
II vate party on good improved city property.
Address Money, box 47, Call Office.
: • ;■■'• HORSES.
jfv HORSES for sale; ALSO wagons,
"v buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arrade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. bULLIVAN <fc DOVLE. Auctioneers.
TIIHE EMPORIUM SALES YARDS. 220 VA-
i. lencia su, Is the place to go If you want to bur.
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
C A HEAD OF HORSES SUITABLE FOR ANY
O\J business from 900 to 1500 pounds. Oid Turk-
st. car stables, 1801 Turk; must be sold.
crwj SET NEW AND 'SECOND-HAND HAS"
tjyjyJ cess: all kinds: bngjry.wagron, carts, sarre?
Arockawar; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
rf\ HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;'
UU weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER. LAUN-
JLi dry and milk-wagon: also fine top buggy and
rockaway. 8* Harrison su
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
OLD NEWSPAPERS FOR SALE; CHEAP. 8
Montgomery ave., room 14.
QOX- ELEGANT; ALMOST NEW DOMES-
«?•— *'• tic sewing machine: complete; latest style
attachments; cause, going East. 812a Filbert st.
OMPLETE ECONOMICAL QUARTZ-MIN-
\J ing plant; cheap. Address Alining, box 71,
Call Office. ■
fTIUOROUGHBRED HARFORD COW: VERY
1 gentle: 14 quarts a day. 3..3S Encinal ave.,
High-su station. Alameda.
ST. BERNARD PUPS; PRIZE; PEDIGREE;
stock: sire, champion. Grand Master; dam,
first prize. Beauty; perfect color and markings.
3121/4 Fulton 81.
NEW ELM WOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
I W. a KAY MFG. CO.. 12 California st..
BOILERS.ENGINES.2D-H AN i> MACHINERY
-L) water-pipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
/OARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
1> cases, counters, . linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and - fixtures, new land
second hand. J. .Vi.o.NAi, 1017-1019-1021- IU2B
Mission s-, above Sixth. .  . . .-
BARS, SCALES. . MIRROR*, FRENCH
ranges, etc., bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
Rational . cash REGISTER, GOOD or-
i.l der; also large folding-door safe. - 8 Mission at.
/"IOFFEE ' MILL. SCALES. " LETTER PRESS^
\J stand desK. money till, safe; cheap. 108 Clay.
h ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. UHSLV-
. log. etc., Lought and sold. • 1063 Mission, nr.Ttu.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE-SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market st.
rUOPOSALS.
■\T«)TICK — NOTICE IS HEREBY OIVEN
JLI that I will on Monday, February 15, 1897, at 2
o'clock p. m., at the Courthouse in Ynba City, but-
ter County, < al.. receive sealed, proposal* for the
surrender ot bonds issued on Levee District No. 1
of butter County, according to an act of the Leg-
Is ature. approved April 9, I*Bo, to the amount of
eight thousand five hundred (S8500) dollars. No
bids above par nil Ibe accepted. All bonds must
accompany the bids. ■ ..'.-•- I. J. COPE, .
' • • Treasurer of Butter County, Cal.
Yuba, CU7, February 1,1897.. j
COCXTBJ BEAL ESTATE. 1
mHiS PROBLEM SOLVED. .
PROFITABLE FARMING. -
CHEAP TRANSPORTATION.
ONLY 20 MILES FROM STOCKTON.
HEALTHFUL CLIMATE.
DELIGHTFUL HOMES. ' ,-
GOOD CROPS, WITH OR WITHOUT IRRI-
GATION.
390 ACRKS ON SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY
*J£*\J Railroad, near Escalon San Joaquin
County, Cal. : under Stanlslaui canal; level and
lenlle; suitable to alfalfa, sugar beets, grain, fruit
(Including oranges), vegetaoies, etc
PRICE ONLY *40 PER ACRE.
A COLONY,
MAY UTILIZE THIS SEASON.
Persons deslrinc to Join one, by buyln; for cash
or in exchange for city property, should apply at
once, and •"■•.,
For further particulars address
l; McAFEE BROS.,
Real Estate Brokersand Financial Agents,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
A LFALFA LANDS TO LEASE FORA TERM
-t\- of years: level, fertile loam, under canal;
near Escalon, San Joaqmn County, Cal., by? .-
Mc.VFEE BrtOTHER§,
108 Montgomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
HY PAY CASH FOR LAND WHEN YOU
can buy it without, and earn it from the prod-
ucts of the land ? •
At a value of 20 per acre we have 160 acres %
a mile from railroad and »/i of a mile from New
England Mills Station, and also 160 acres at Rock-
lin, i'lacer County, 'these are all good tillable
lauds and are adapted for the production of the
finest wine grapes. No payments down, but pur-
chasers required t-> improve properties: interest!
from date of purchase, payable annually in ad-
vance; payments on the purchase money to com-
mence 4 years from date, payable in annual pay-
ments, to be Increased each year as the places are
improved.
Also colony land— A tract of 3200 acres In Te-
bama County has been surveyed into 40-acro lots
and will be sold at $15 to $-U per acre on terms of
1-5 down, the balance 10 be paid In ten annual In-
stallment at 5 per cent ou deferred payments. If
any one shoultt wish to purchase the whole of this
tract it will be sold for a small payment down on
the purchase price. . .
These-three properties were taken in on mort-
gaEes, consequently are sold for half their former
value.
EDWIN K. ALSiP & CO., room 29, second floor,
Mills building. ,
* N ELEGANT COUNTRY HOME
-ci- NEAR LOS ANGELES.
Will exchange for San Francisco property; 60
acres highly improved and In first-class condition;
15 acres in oranges, prunes, acrlcou and grapes;
over 20 acres In alfalfa: an abundance of water;
modern house of rooms; barns and outbuildings;
block and farming Implements: value $15,U00.
£. ASTON, ELDKIDGK. A CO.,
638 MarKet st.
BARGAIN— 26 ACRES CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter vegetables, 25 per acre;
83 acre-) ricb soil, 4 flowing springs, $35 per acre,
near Pleasanton, Alameda County.- Call or write,
69 Columbian building. . "■
1 Cfi-ACRE FARM, HTTMBOLDT COUNTY—
JUU Rare chance; very cheap. A. JOHNSON,
47 t'acramento st. . , «<•:,. • '. " rr ; .
RANCH BARGAIN: »5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber; plenty water: excellent stock
ranch ; best part of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call Office.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
Ju proved; easy terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 1 • years' credit. D. H. TWINO. So-
noma City: every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE-— ooB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ARE CHANCE FOR A NEW HOME AT A
XV bargain— will build you a pretty cottage,
with' all latest modern Improvements, on lot 'ittx
104; sunny exposure; superb location; rignt in
heart of town: can select your own plans; for
$2750:0n1y few hundred cash, balance in monthly
Installments; don't delay, as we can only offer
two of them at this figure. WM. J. DINGUE, 460
Eighth st., Oakland. . - : .-'.
(DO A A CASH AND $15 PER H ON 1H WILL
«^-l */v/ secure modern 6- room cottage and barn
on large lot: beautl lui garden; Fruiivale; price
$1250 If taken soon: cost $1750. SAMUEL A
KNoWLEs, 481 Mnthsu, Oakland.
<!fc9nnn SPLENDID COTTAGE, 5 LARGE
\J\J\J. rooms; lot 40x128: s:reet complete;
lawn In front: fine barn and gravel driveway.
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth su, Oakland.
<gj7'TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
V * O lots la the town of /Itchbarg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywardj
and San Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars every
ew minutes: terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C M. hI.NKLt, owner, k>lsi-, Waahingum bl,
Oakland, Cat
Wjl FLA LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
<px*JV7. Fruit vale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a ween ; selling fast: good Improvements.
H. B. PINNKY owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
VTEATLY FURNISHED SUNNY FRONT
Xi room, convenient to local train, by a widow
with own home. Address G., box 10. Call Office.
Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
A LASTED A REAL ESTATE.
\i EAUTIFUL SUBURBAN HOME, SAN JOSE
** ave., near Grand st; house, 10 rooms and
bath: 2 years old: price $7000: or will exchange
for San Francisco. EASTON. ELDRIDGK COM-
PANY, 638 Market st. ■
4 LOTS: 50x150 EACH: NORTH SIDE OF
ban Jose ave., bet. Walnut and Willow; must
be sold; an offer wanted. T. F. BAIRD, ]3u3
Park su, Aiameaa. ■
L, ARGAINS-830 RFOOT;LOTS ON NORTH
i * side San Antonio av«., near Grand st.
$1250—60x160; tan Jose ave., nr. Willow st.
$1750—50x160. new modern house. 6 rooms
and bath; north side of street; must be sold at
once.
Many other sacrifices.
ALa MEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park at., Alameda.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
Kn HOUSES AND LOTS. FROM 8200 TO
O\J $28,000: 100 ranches, everywhere.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
CfcND i-Oit OUK LI&T OF ORCHARD HUMK-*
O for g»le. Wl IQSTK K A WHITTO V. San Jo»*.
PROPERTY WANTED.
TirHAT have you to exchange for
'» equity in fine Oakland boost) ? Prefer ranch,
vacant lots or gooa mining stocks. C. MONROE,
24 Market St.. »an Francisco. '
B UiTliJS — 31 AGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. ; They must be handed in a:
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of parsons authorize!
to have the tame published. J
KORN.
BOHLE— In this city, January 14, 1897, to the
wife of E. H. Bohle, a daughter.
CHRISTIANSEN— In f this city. January 26.
1897, to Ihe wife of Carl N. Christiansen, a son. '
FLOHR-February 3, 1897. to the wife of G. F.
Flohr, a son. < -
GRIM WOOD— In this city. January 13, 1837, to
the wife of A. J. Grlmwood. a daughter.
HASTY— In Alameda, January 31. 1897, to the
wit* of CE. any. a son.
s . ~" mitmitit
COO LEY— WADE-In Phoenix, Ariz., W. W.
Cooiey. formerly of San Francisco, and Ida F.
. Wade of Minneapolis,. Minn. , .
MARTIN-GOKHAM— In this city, January 31,
1897, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dllle, Arthur W.
Martin and Mollie E. Gorham, Doth of San Fran-
cisco. ( .- :>-■'■'■■•
DIED. .
Brmh, George A. Houcham, Bridget
Braun, Hugo Jones, J. A.
Budddnbaum, Sena McUrane, Ann
Brown, Robert ■ McHenry, William C.
Hosier, Jobn Martin. William H.
. Bacome, Catherine * oik. John H.
Chenot. Catherine Murphy, Maurice
Can 1 well. Harold ; • ; Morrison, Mrs. Lottie
Currier, Ernest vV. Muroach, Simon
Clemens. Catherine .•■ Nlctiosoo, Joseph
Dennis. Margaret Rattlgan, Catherine
Donley. J. C. • :' ■ ,Rob rts, Marian A.
■ Dockery, Rev. H. G. - bone, Lewis C.
Center. An. on J. . . Swanson, liUdys T. V.
Hall, Lillian L Sullivan, Daniel J.
Hanley. Mary C . Taomford, Henry A.
Horan, Mary C Tyson, Winifred
V ola, Henry C. ; •
BRUSH— this city, February 2. 1897. George
' A., beloved husband of Louisa c. .brush, and
father of William Howard. Hazel, Evelyn and
Florence ■ Louise ' Brush, a nan re of -. England,
aged 50 years 6 months and 33 days, f Boston
papers please copy. J • - ■
Friends are respectfully lnyited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Friday), at 11
o'clock a. m., . from . his late residence. 4023
Twenty- sixth street, near Sanchez. Interment
. L o. O. F. Cemetery. •
BBAUN-io tut* city, February 2, 1897, Hugo
Braun. a native of Berlin, Germany, a?ed 63
year* 10 months and 18 days. - . - - .
Friends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), wj-2 o'clock p. it. from the par- .
lors or Theodor LMvrnca. 957 Mission str<>«;,
here.the funeral services will be held, under
the auspices of Gerruanla Lodge No. 1718, K. of
H. interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BUQDENHA.UM— In '.hi« oi-v. February 2. 1897,
sena, beloved wife of Henry Boddeabaum (nee
Harms), ana mother of Henrietta and Emll
Buldenbaum, a ua:ive of Hanover, Germany,
aged 40 years 4 months an! 6 Uavs.
fii~Frien<l3 aad acquaintance* are respect-
fully invitel to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m. from her late
residence, 45 Weit Mission street, corner Her-
mann Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BROWN— In -tie Ultv in County Ho^oltal, Feb*
ruary 3, 1897, Robert Brown, a*e3 40 years.
BOBIER-rn this en/. I February 3. 1897. John,
be.ov d husband or Deborah Bobier, and father
of &arah Bobier. a native ot County Wexford.
Ireland, aged 64 years.
BACOiIK— In this city, February 3 1897, Cat hd
erine. beloved wife of William Bacome, an
mother of the late John Bacome, and mother-
in-law of Mr*. Mettle Btco.ne, and aunt of
Lawrence Fitzgerald and Mrs. i'. Carl yon, and
sister-in-law of Mrs. Roue . Alexander, a native
0 the parish of Thurles. County 1 ipperary, ire-
land, axed 62 years and 11 months.
&9~No:lce of funeral hereafter
CHENOT-In this city, February 3, 1897, Cath-
, erine beloved mother of Eugene K. Cheuot,
aged 64 years.
W~.Not.ce of funeral hereafter.
CAN 1 WELL-In Tu are, February 2, 1897. Har-
old., beloved son of J. B. and Mollie Canlwell
(nee Quillinan), & native of Tularo County, Cali-
fornia asjed 9 months and 27 days.
4>3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invltea to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m . from the resi-
dence of his grandfather, Michael Qulillnan,
107 Guerrero s;reet. interment Hoiy Cross
Cemetery.
CUURIER— In this city, February 2, 1897,
Ernest W., son of Amos and Hannah E. Cur-
rier, and brother of Frank J. and Aboolt J. Cur-
rier and Mrs. A. F. Temple, a native of baa
Francisco, aged 25 years 3 months and 'J days.
ftS'-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Thursday), at '£ o'clock p. m.. from 612 Pollc
street- lu.enueiu private.
CLEMENS— In this city. February 3, 1897. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late William Clemens.
and mother of Carrie and William Clemens,
and sister of John and Lena Mannlx and Mrs.
Georze Paul Mrs. A. K. Hook and Mrs. A. M.
Grindell, a native or cacramenta, ageu 85 years.
DENNIa— In tb« City and County Hospital.
February 3, 1897, Margaret Dennis, aged 70
years.
DONLEY— In this city. February 3. 1897, J. C.
Donley, a native of Pennsylv.iuia.agea 58 years.
DOCKERY— In this city, February 3, 1897, Rev.
H. G. Dock er.. beluved son of James and the
late Jane Docke. y, brother of James P. aud
Aiargaret T. Dockery and Mrs. Charles Ronecker,
a naive of caiiforala, aged 36 years 9 months
aud 16 days.
GERSTER— In San Jose. February a, 1897, An-
ton J. Uerster, a native uf Hungary, aged 71
years and 7 months. - .
HALL— In this city. February 2. 1897, Lillian 1.,
wife of Robert Hall, and daughter or Ed M.
Bush, a native of New .Hampshire, aged 31
year«. - -
S9~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS AY
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock p. m., from the First
Unitarian Church, corner 01 l-ranklln and Geary
streets. ;_: -■..
HANLEY— In this city. February 3. 1897. Mary
C, beloved wife of Thorn** llanley, and daugh-
ter of Saran aid the late. Ed ward McDiveti, a
native 01 san Francisco, aged 26 years 4 months
and 22 days.
HOR N— ln this city, February 3. 1897. Mary
C, dearly beloved daughter of Thomas and Mary
Horan, a native oi San Francisco.
HOUGHAM— In Oakland. February 2, 1897, at
her home, 379 Fifth street, BriJget Hougham,
beloved wife of U. I). Hougham, a na.lve of
County Cava i, Ireland, aged 75 years.
ti~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fun/ Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOR-
ROW (Friday) at 9 o'ciock a. m. from the
Church of the immaculate Conception. .
JONES— In Highland Park, East Oakland, J. A.
Jones, a native of England, ajed 64 years 10
months and 12 days.
McGKANE— In this city. February 2, 1897, Ann
McGrane, be.oved mother of Jobn, Sarah ana
the late Eugene and Hugh Mcurane, a natlveot
Ireland, aged 65 years. . .
Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fuiiy invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at ts:3o a. m., from her late rest--
deuce, <8s) fteveusou .-.ire-i. theno« to St,
Joseph's Church. Tenth and Howard s.reets
where a solemn requiem mas* will be celebrated
for the repose of her souL commencing at 9
o'clock a. m. interment Holy Cross Cemeterr by
10:40 o'clock a. m. tram from Twenty- fifth and
Valencia streets.
McHENRY— In the Citv and County Hospital,
February 3, 1897, William C. McHenry, aged
65 years.
MARTIN— In this city. February 2, 1837, Wil-
liam H. Martin, a native 01 Aevv lor*. aged 66
years. ■'. : .'-• .-.,:•;., '.-.•.
MOLK —In Alameda, . February 3. 1897. John
llenry, dearly o cloved sou of Mrs. Marga.-etta
and the late Joan ileury Molk, and oroiuer 01
Me*. Annie Toll, a native of saa e'rauclsco, aged
34 years 4 months and 12 days.
MURPHY— In this city, February 2. 1897,
Maurice, teloved husband o: Johanna Murphy,
aijii.alu.-r of Mrs. William H. Miller, a native of
B^rehaven, County cor<£, Ireland, agea 76 year*.
[Vallej 1 (Oil.) uapers please copy.]
JtS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atieuu the funeral '1 HIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9:oU o'clock a.m.. from his la
residence, -8 Pear, street, lueuuo o si. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will d>>
celebrated for the repose of his sonl, com-
mencing at 10 o c;oc ; a. m. Interment Holy
CrO3s Cemd tery. Please ooii flowers.
MORRISON— In this city, February 2. 1897. Mrs.
- Lottie Morrison, widow or me late James Mor-
rison, and beloved daughter of Richard and
&arah Andrews, and sister of Mrs. Edwin Pear-
son, Mrs. C It .Volte and R. H. Andrews, a na-
tive of San Fraacisco, aged 32 years 11 months
and 11 days.
49~Frlend) and acquaintances are respect-
ful. Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dent e of her parents, 10(H Guerrero stree:.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
JiUhIiACH-ln Oakland, February 2, 1897,
Simon, beloveJ husband of Lena Murbach, and
father of Albert, Robert, Oito, Lena and Her-
man Murbaca, a native of Switzerland, aged 5<5 '
yeara.
NICHOLSON— In Rossland. B.C. January 30.
1897. Joseph Nicholson, a native 01 England,
aged 3 i year.-t 1 month aud 1 day.
RATTIGAN— In . this city, , February 1, 1897,
Catherine, relict of the late Wiihatn Rattlgan.
and mother of Patrick, Jonu, Thouiai, WlllLam
and Sarah Kattlgan, Mm. T. Twigs and Mrs. J.
Downey, and sister or Ellen Coughlin, a native
of County Mayo. Ireland, aged 7« years.
JC9"£riends and acquaintances are respect-
fuuy invited to attend tne funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8 :30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 327 Twenty-nlntti street, thence to
St. Paul'* Cuurcn. where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her. soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. a. u. lntermen; Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In this city, February 2,1837, Marian
Adeialde. only daughter of Alfred E. and Suite
P.Roberts, a native of Man .fr'raaciacj, aged 1
year 3 months and 24 days.
. t~g~ Friends fend acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Thursday;, at a o'clock p. m.,
at the family residence, yi3: » Lombard street,
near Jones Interment private.
STONE— In rindley. Cal.. February 2, 1897.
Lew U Charles scone, a native or Waiertown,
N. Y.. aged 67 years 6 months and 17 days.
Si'The luneral will take place TO-MORROW
(Friday); at 2 o'clock P. m., from the par-
lors of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue.
SWANSON-In this city, Febrniry 3, 1897,
Gladys Theresa Violet, beloved daughter of
Oscar and Casilda Swanson, a oativo of San
Francisco, aged 1 year aud 3 months. ' - -- '
4iT*'rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend t.ie funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
other parents, 32 Federal street, between fiat
and -econa, Bryant aad braunan. Intermeot
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. . : ; - • . , '.
SULLIVAN— At Towles, Placer County, February
a, 1897, Daniel J., beloved husband of Julia
bulllvan and father of Jerry J.. Daniel, Ed*fcrd
and John F. bulllvan. brother of John J. and
Jerry and Mrs John O'Neil and Mrs. Fenton of
lowa, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 51
ye. rs, ] [Boston papers please copy.]
£3~Notice of iuueral hereafter.
THOMFORD— In Hay wards, February 3, 1897,
Henry a., beloved nusbaad of Marie Thomford,
and father of Henry. John and Ueor*« Thorn-
ford, a native of Hanover, uermauy, aged 59
years 9 months and 29 days.
JOT Friends and "acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral TO-MOKROW
(Friday), at a o'clock p. x.. from Congrega-
tional Church, Hay wards.' Interment San
Lorenzo. - ...
TYBON-In Alameda, February S, 1897, Wini-
fred, beloved wife of James TysOa, and <lau<a-
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Haiieit, a native of
Alameda, aged 24 year) 9 months and 7 days.
t£g~ Friends are resnectfnllv Invited to v.tsil
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Friday), at
11 o'clock a. m., at ins resi'len e of her pareuis.
1510 -Central avenue, corner of-Parn street,
Alaraeda. Interment Mountain View Cem. tery.
VOLZ— In this city, Fe>nary 3, 1897. Henry
Christian, beloved husband of Nellie Vo 7. a na-
tive ot Langenhai 1, Kreli Fried berg, Hesseu,
Darmstadt, aged 28 years.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING Asso-
ciation— Tne regular monthly requiem high
mas* for the deceased members of the above
association. ■ and for the deceased ■ parents aad
relatives of the members, will be celebrated la
St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Steiuur streets,
THIS DAY (Tu :rsday), at 9 o'clock a. X.
Friends are Invited to attend.
] WIcAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
1 FUNERAL DIRECTORS * EMBALM KR3.I
I SO Fifth St.. Opp. Lincoln School. I
. ■ . Telephone 3080. f . '. .
JAslAlc^jTNOMKvT^^^^^SHASnSrcJritNOlS?
JAMES MoMENOMiI* & SON,
INDIiBTAKIiKS AND KM KALMKK.S
1U67 Mission Street, Near soveutu.
-. ■■■• Telephone s-outb .154. :
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN i MATEO COUNTY: « AREST CKM»
tery to the city; uon-a*c tarlan ; In no seas*
elusive; location unexcelled. Office UHI Mattsf
•tTMi, HUtii«Mi COTOW V Qi.ll*, - ~~.
1314
CUBANS SEEK
THE MAYOR
Colonel Ethan Allen of
New York Addresses
Him on Liberty.
PHELAN TO BE INVITED
TO AID.
Jones and Mascherini Will Call
on the City's Chief 0 ficer
at Once.
LOCAL PATRIOTS ACCORDED
RECOGNITION.
The National League Reaches Out to
Crystallize Sentiment in San
Francisco.
There is joy at the headquarters of the
Cuban sympathizers. L'OOtj Mason street,
for word has at last come from New York
tfcat the aid proffered by Messrs. Mas
cberini and Jones, and their many follow
er?, will be accepted.
General Palma has been too busy to
answer the telegrams and letters sent to
him by the enterprising friends of Cuba
here, but Colonel Ethan Allen, president
of the Cuban League of the United States,
sent them a letter which has inspired re
newed efforts on behalf of the struggling
Cubans.
"General Palma depends largely on our
league in this work," runs Colonel Allen's
letter, and continues thus: "Before re
ceiving your letter we had written to the
Mayor of San Francisco, asking him to
apDoint a committee to organize a Cuban
league in your City. We would be pleased
if you would call upon him at once, tell
him the progress you have made, co
operate with him so that he can give to
what you have done the added strength
of his influence."
Messrs. Jones and Mascnerini will call
on Mayor Phelan to-day and endeavor to !
tret him to act in conjunction with the |
National League. The foilowing are the i
vice-presidents of the National League: I
Hon. Charles A. Dana, Hon. Cbanncey M.
l>epew, lion. Roswell P. FiOwer. Hon.
Thomas F. Gilroy, Hon. George Hoadly,
J. Edward Simmons Esq., Hon. Thomas ;
L. James, Hon. Theodore Roosevelt. John '
R. Dos Passos Esq., Charles H. Denison
Esq.
The following constitute the executive
committee: Hon. Paul Dana, Colonel '
John Jacob Astor, General Daniel Butter- i
field, John D. Kelley, Frank B. Carpenter, \
Hon. Jonn C. McGuire, EL C. Alexander,
Colonel Frederick D. Grant, Ervin Ward
man, Constaut A. Andrews, Hon. Waller '
£. Logan, Thomas E. Stewart.
The address which the league desires
Mayor Phelan to aid in circulating states j
that the object of the league is "10 secure i
for Cuba by all lawful, peaceful and hon- j
orable means the political independence ;
which her patriots are now endeavoring,
by tremendous sacrifice of treasuie and
life, to gain; to encourage them by our;
sympathy and moral support and to ;
arouse the whole Nation to demand the
end of the campaign of murder and de- ;
struction in that island.'"
DENTAL STUDENTS' TEIOKS.
Secretary Holbrook totnplaing of Them
as a Source of Annoyance.
A Society for the Prevention of Dental
Students. How does that 3ound?
Secretary Holbrook of the Society for
the Prevention oi Cruelty to Animals is
convinced that there is pressing need of
such an institution. The boys are accused
of breaking out again as they did last
year, and the avenger is again ou their
trail.
Holbrook was obliged to ■write the re
gents of the university last year and com
plain of the students' tricks. This time
he has communicated with the agents of
the Donobue building.
A lease of three rooms on the third floor
was recently granted the college. On the
same floor the office of the society is situ
ated. Since that time Holbrook states the
boys have acted in a manner totally unbe
fitting gentlemen, and that their presence
js especially intolerable to ladies.
The agents are told tfcat the boys are
generally boisterous and undignified, and
the agents of the building are requested
either to. give the college rooms on some
other floor or cancel the leafe altogether.
FKW to-dat:
AN AWFUL SORE
A Babe's Untold Suffering
And Mother's Many
Sleepless Nights.
CUTICURA WORKS WONDERS.
I herewith write out in full the beginning
and end of that terrible disease, Eczema,
which caused my babe untold suffering, and
myself many sleepless nights.
My baby was born seemingly a fair, healthy
child, but when she was three weeks old a
■welling appeared on the back of her head, and
in course of time broke. Every one called it
a boil, and, now it had broken, would soon heal,
but that was only the beginning of the trouble.
It did not heal but grew worse, and the sore
spread from the size of a dime to that of a dol-
lar. I used all kinds of remedies that I could
think of but nothing seemed to help, in fact
it grew worse, her hair fell out where the sore
was and I feared it would never grow again.
• It continued until my aged father came on a
visit, and when he saw the baby he told me
" to get Ccticcba Soap and Ccticcka oint-
ment right away." To please him I did so,
and to my surprise, by their use the sore be-
. gan to heal over, the hair grew over it, and
to-day she has a nice bead of hair, her skin
is as fair as a lily, and she has no scar left to
recall that awful sore.
CtrriccßA soothes and allays all itching and
burning that cause a child to fret and the
mother to worry, and gives rest and comfort
both to parent and child.
Mbs. WM. RVER, Elk River, Minn.
Slcip fob Skir-Tobtcrzd Babixs and Rest fob
Tired Mothers in a warm bath with Ccticcba Soap,
•nd a single application of Ccticcka (ointment), greatest
of emollients and akin cures.
This treatment will give Instant relief, permit rest for
parent and sleep for child, and point to a speedy, perma-
nent, and economical cure of the moat torturing, disfig-
uring, and humiliating of itching, burning, bleeding,
aealy, pimply, and crusted skin and scalp humors with
loss of hair, when all else fails.
Sold thronghontthe world. Pottsb and Cbbm.
Corp . Sole Prop*., Boston.
mr " How to Cure Erery Skin and Blood Humor," free.
LUXURIANT HA¥^dTya»^o p Ar
The Steam Whalers Thrasher, Balaena and Narwhal Were Towed Out of the Mud by the Tags Sea Witch and Liberty Yesterday. The Old-Time Steamer Ajax Is
Still High and Dry in the Mud. All the Whalers Are Now Getting Ready for the Spring Cruise.
VAN NESS TO BE
AN IDEAL DRIVE
A Progressive Spirit Being
Manifested in the
Northwest.
Large Sums of Money Expended
in Beautifying the Boulevard
and Adjacent Streets.
A Prospective View of the Future
Importance cf This Section by
Pres dent Law.
The promoters of the extension of Van
Ness avenue from Broadway 10 the waters
cf the bay are more than satisfied with the
result of the large sura of money expended ;
in cutting, grading- and bitutninizing that '
portion of the boulevard.
The Van Ness Avenue Improvement
Club was among the iirst organised In th s
City having for its object the better pav
ing nf the streets, as also urging the Su- j
pervisors to declare tnat avenue a boule
vard In connection with Golden Gate j
aveuue. Having accomplished so much, j
it proceeded stili further, and by soliciting j
the military authorities at Fort Mason
obtained their co-operation in d promise
to open up a roadway through the re«er- i
vation from its junction with Lombard :
street to a western point where a contin ua- j
tion of the roadway will lead directly into j
the grounds of the Presidio, and thence |
into Golden Gate Park by the way of First
avenue. This was intended to give the
still further advantage of tapping the
water front at Bay street, and thus open
ing up a more convenient route to the
business portions of the City over which
heavy nauling can be done without en
croacnine; on the Van Ness avenue boule
vard ordinance.
This partly completed and contemplated
line of improvements has* led to the cut
ting through of the "hog's back 1 ' on Polk
street, on which the work has already
begun.
The amount of $70,000 has already been
expended on the improvements on Van
Ness avenue, and there remains $90,000 to
be expended on the ctttinz, grading and
paving of Polk street. There will be a
further expenditure of $8000 in bringing
I-iombard street into connection with Van
Ness avenue at a point joining the Govern
ment reservation at Fort Mason. This
outlay of $li;S,GOO distributed among labor
ing men has given employment to those
probably in need besides enhancing the
value of properly in that section of .the
City.
The originators of the Van Ness avenue
improvements were the property-owners
on the northern end, who, with the co-op
eration of all the residents on that avenue,
assisted in securing the boulevard or
dinance.
The officers of the club are: Herbert E,
Law, president; P. Ghirardelli, vice-presi
dent; John AlcGovern, secretary; Vai
fcchrnidt, treasurer; with Dr. Hartland
Law, Dr. Alexander Warner, Dr. Ghirar
delli and W. M. Pierson as an executive
committee.
The future of tbis section of the City as
forecast t>y President H. E. Law is ex
pressed by tiim in an interview witii a
Call representative yesterday. He said:
Last Week decided the future of one of the
most desirable movements that has occurred
iri the last twenty years in the northern sec- I
tion of the City, viz.: The removal of Polk
sireet hill. It has had many stumbling blocks j
and notably the direct objection of ex-.Super- j
visor Denrnan, re presenting the Polk-sireet j
Improvement Club, who protested it at-!
last Thursday's ine<tiii(? of the board. The i
obstructions have finally proven unavailing I
aid this work assured. This has been of the
greatest detriment to this end of our City by
reason of preventing any outlet. That the
hill is now to be graded is due to the splendid
efforts of the Van Ness Avenue Improvement
Club, on whose petition and by whose efforts
this work was started ana finally brought to
a successful termination.
It will be remembered that one year ago
Van Ness avenue was bitiunimzcd for seven
blocki, a result of the efforts of this organiza
tion. The Supervisors, Miter the luilest inves
tigation and personal review, have granted
the petition for bituminiziriK Lombard
boulevard from Van Ness avenue to the I'rc
hidio, m us making one of the finest drives the
City nas. This insures a boulevard bystem of
over three miles and provides the nucleus of
the granuest driveway of this future great
City.
There now remain but two blocks on Van
Ness avenue to be opened, which will give
access to the water front and provide out- of
the most beautiiul views in the entire City.
The Government has agreed to terrace Fort
Mason, a park of sixty acres, to the Van Ness
boulevard grade and to provide serpentine
drives skirting the water front. This gives to
the City this beautiiul park at no expense, the
maintenance thereof being borne by the
Government- If this same rate of improve
ment continues for the next five years San !
Francisco will have made a progress propor- 1
tionatcly equal to tbe great city of Chicago. '
11 this spirit can be inculcated in one district
it can be inculcated in every district.
Development of the City and commercial
strength go band in hand. The one needful
element to accomplish this is to secure earnest
activity on the part of the business men, and
especially the rising generation, who have
much greater examples and opportunities
than was the case with their fathers, who
pioneered the establishment of this City.
When we stop for a moment to reflect over the
grand possibilities of this most maguificent
City, situated on the great ocean, capable of
enormous traflic, blessed by one of the best
harbors in the world, provided with a climate
unsurpassed and backed up by a State capable
of producing almost every product and in
ereat abundance, we have before us a future
which it is reasonable to assert is not con
ceived even by the mustenthu*iastlc. No suc
cess ot busincba or of a city ever comes by
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1897.
chance; it is the result of effort, and we can
hope and calculate with certainty of the
Juiure, providing we accomnany the calcula
tions with corresponding effort. Everything
is possible to us. We can do what we will.
DISPLEASED LITIGANTS.
i 2. L.. G. Steele & Co. Not Satisfied
With Arbitrator W. I).
Mausfietil.
The firm known as E. L. G. Steele <y. Co.,
composed of George A. Mooreand Edward
Polhemus, yesterday instituted suit
against Lievre, Fricke »fc Co. to secure a re
vision of award for damages on account
of infringment of trademark-. The com
plaint sets forth that W. 1). Mansfield was
selected as one of the arbitrators in the
disputed claim for damages on the repre
sentation that he was fair and unbiased.
S'.eele & Co. aver ttiat he was a partisan
on behalf of Lievre, Fricke A Co. and that
in consequence the award was only
$>71 63, which is alleged to be insufficient.
The court is asked to set aside the decision
of the arbitrators and make a new inquiry
into the merits of the case.
MAY BROADEN THE SCOPE.
Grand Jurors Seeking More Information
About the City and County Hospital.
When the Grand Jury meets again the
scope of the investigation concerning the
City and County Hospital expenditures
may be widened, 'ibe disclosures con
cerning the manner in wh Co money was
wasted which was appropriated for re
pairs and work of uifferent kinds has
whetted the appetite of ttie investigators
for all sorts of information. Yesterday
afternoon, late, the committee of the
Grand Jury conducting the investigation
concerning the hospital sent in a;i in
quiry to the Board of Health asking for
information about ttie bills. This fact
was carefully guarded in the bourd, but
the information leased out. The wlj.»le
subjpct of supplies may be gone into ex
haustively.
UNCLE SAM'S HARD KICK
General Forsyth Says the City
Has Not Lived lo Its
Agreement.
Requests That Conditions on Which
Fart of the Pres id o Was Ceded
B? Faifi led.
Brigadier-iGeneral Forsyth of the United
States army, commanding the depart
ment, has called to the attention of the
Mayor the conditions under which the
Government of the United States relin
quished certain lands at the I'r sidio to
the City and County, He shows that the
conditions have been violated, and he
takes the occasion to read to the City
authorities a lecture about the con
dition of certain streets and to ask
that something shall be done. The
communication, which was received yes
terday by Mayor Phelan, is in part a3 fol
lows:
I have the honor to invite your attention to
the condition of the City streets on the east
ern borders of the l'residio reservHtton. By
the act of Congress Hpprovud May 9, 1876. cer
tain land* belonging to the I'resulio military
reservation were relinquished to the City and
County <>] San Franeifeu, provided that Lyon
street, as indicated in this act, shall be ex
tended to the hay of San Francisco, 80 feet
wide and dedicated for a public highway lor
ever.
Provided further that Broadway, VaUeJo,
Green, Union, Filbert, Greenwich, Lombard,
Chestnut, Francißco, Buy, North Point. Jeffer
son, Tonquin and Lewis streets, as laid down
on the official map of the City and County of
Sim Francisco, be extended westerly to inter
sect the easterly line ot Lyon street and dedi
cated as public streets and highways forever.
Accordingly, in the year 1870, the line on the
easterly line oi the reservation was removed
from its tnen location and placed in its proper
line further west, where it now is.
Lyon street has not yet been opened by the
City authorities, as provided by the net above
referred to. It is ob-truct"d at the north end
by several buildings, lences and a shooting
gallery. Neither have Green, Chestnut, TVn
qiiiu and Lewis streets be«n opened, as pro
vided in the act. Tuesu streets are all ob
structed. t
Before the lhte Senator Fair commenced to
fill his property fU the east of the Presidio
Reservation the natural outlet of the slough
on the north side of the reservation was east
wardly across Lyon and Baker streets. Baker
street and the property east of it has been
filled in by the property-owners. TheGovern
maut is now tilling the marsh on the north
east of the reservation, but the elevation of
the surface after the tilling is completed wih
be lower than that east of Baker street. There
will be lett a depression between Baker street
and the east side of the reservation in which
water may collect, and it may overflow ou to
the reservation.
The Baker-street sewer has been filled up»
with sand for a distance -above us outlet, and
instead of having the obstruction removed,
the City authorities have constructed v box*
drain at the crossing ol Baker and Francisco
streets, which furnishes an outlet for the sew
age into the depression referred to.
In view of these facts I request. that you do
mettie kindness, it it be within your power,
to cause such measures to be taken as will re
sult in the opening of the streets referred to
and in the grades on Lyon street being re
established, south of Filbert street, in such
manner as will make both Lyon street and
the reservation accessible along the eniire
eastern part of the reservation, and in Lyou
■treet being graded.
It is especially important that the portion of
Lyon street, north of Lombard, sliall be
opened, and that the box drain which now
forms the outlet for the Baker-street sower
shall be removed and the tewßge uirected in
its proper channel, which is along Balser
street; as it now constitutes a menace to the
health ot the neighborhood, and, when the
drill plain on the reservation, which is now
being graded near this vicinity, shall be com
pleted and used by the troops lor drill pur
pose", the dnnger to the health of the troops
will be largely increased.
The Artists' Material Department of Bar> born
& Vail'B 1s perfect in every detail. Every color,
brush or any other article used by artists or
amateurs in stock. Lots of new studies just
received. They have couse and floor paints,
wood stains and varnishes put up in small
cans for family use. Also gold paints #nd
liquid glue. •
MANY OWE
HER THANKS
Death of Miss Julia Spauld
ing, Who Recovered
Fortunes.
SHE TRACKED MEIGGS TO
CALLAO.
One of the Most Romantic Char
acters in Early San Fran
cisco History.
WAS ALMOST ONE HUNDRED
YEARS OLD.
Her Savings as a Washerwoman En
abled H r to Die Wealthy at
That Advanced Ag_-.
OAKLAND, Cal., Feb. 3.— One of the
most interesting women known years ago
to the whole Western coust died at her
residence in East Oakland to-night. She
Is Mitt Julia Kpaulding, who only lacked
three years of completing a century of'iife.
She is known to early Caiifornians as the
woman who followed Honest Harry
Meicrgs to Mexico in 1855 and succeeded in
recovering from him all the money she
had loaned l.im witu interest and ex
penses.
In 1850 Harry Meiggs was in the hey
day of his power in San Francisco. He
was building wharves and halls and was
known to the young city as "Honest
Harry." Confidence in him was unlim
ited and everybody held his notes.
Among those from whom Meipgs bor
rowed all their earnings was Miss Julia
Spaulding. In W>l she was a washer
woman on Sieuari street and had been
all her life a hard-working industrious
woman. Those were the days when a
laundry bill was about equal to a week's
salary at ihi? time. Miss Spaulding had
implicit confidence in Meiggs and readily
loaned him all her savings of a lifetime in
return for his note. One night in 1855
Meigg> disappeared. He had busied him
fcelf lor several days borrowing ail the
money he could cet and when the bark
America hove up her anchor and sailed
for Cullao Henry Meiggs and his victims'
money were aboard. Just before leaving
he borrowed the last installment from
Miss S i>a v Id ing.
l^oiiie lime later Miss Spaulding learned
that, Meiggs was coining a vast fortune in
Peru and she decided to go and try to re
cover her money. She was looked upin
as toolish, as she was then 58 years of age,
but she was not to be turned from her pur
pose.
She persuaded Captain Wakeman of San
Antonio— now Enst Oakland— to take her
as a passenger to Cailao. Ho was only
going to call there for order?, so he could
no. wait to hear the resultof Miss Spauld
ing's mission.
The iadv soon found "Honest Harry's"
casa and discovered that he was rapidly
adding to ti is richet. He received Ins old
washerwoman with open arms and pro
vided her with sumptuous quarters, and
without hesitation he refunded her the
amount of her notes with interest and also
pa;d the expense of her voyage.
Miss Bpaulding relumed to California,
but never admitted to any one ihatshe had
met with suen marked success, this having
been suggested to her by Meiggs, who did
not want to see too many friends at his
Peruvian ca«a.
Miss Spauhling, however, commenced
to make some valuable investments and
suspicion was aroused and Meiggs received
many visits. He finally paid every cent
he owed and a bill was passed by the Cali
fornia Legislature according him im
munity from all criminal proceedings be
cause of his actions of 1855. All those who
benefited by the trip lo Peru used to
admit that but for Mi-s Spaulding's ven
turesome journey and discovery th.it
Meigcs was rich "they would never have
received a cent.
Miss Spaulding never married and it is
not known whether any relatives reside
here or not. She has live>l in one of her
own houses at Eighth avenue and East
Seventeenth street for several years and it
was there she died.
CLEEKS AND SALESMEN.
A Special Night for Them at the |
Association Building.
The Young Men's Christian Association
is making extensive preparations to enter
tain clerks and salesmen and other young \
men engaged in clerical work at the asso
ciation building on Thursday evening,
February 11, and his Honor Mayor Phelan
has consented to deliver an address on the
occasion. A committee of arrangements
comprising the following-named gentle
men met in the L-eneral secretary's oflice
lastevenine at 5 o'clock: C. J. Auger, C.
A. Maydweil, T. C. Dawkins, J. Walker
Ames, J. A. Percy. Louis Titus, W. H.
I Cook, H. F. Lyon, N. B. Fiisbie, U. Stew
art, William Balnaves, C. A. Mullin, F. L.
bhaw, D. B. Ferguson.
Mr. Auger was appointed chairman of
the committee and J. A. Percy will pre
side over the exercises on the evening of
the 11th. The Columbian orchestra has
been engaged to discourse music and the
Knickerbocker Quartet and Professor
Louis Crepaux will also assist in the pro
gramme.
There will be special exercises in the
gymnasium under the direction of Dr.
D:etz, physical director. Admission will
be by invitation, which will be ready
any time alter to-day and may be se
cured by gentlemen representing the va
rious lines of business in the City on ap
plication at the association office.
The mechanics' night, held a few wee k3
ago, was a mo*t pronounced success, and
it is the ambition of the committee to
make this coming reception one of the
rinest to young m<=n which has ever taken
place in the new building of the associa
tion.
THE HUDELSON LIBEL
Crou-lixaminatluu ot the Defendant
Not Yet Concluded.
The cross examination of Benjamin F.
Hudelson in the suu for libel preferred
against him Dy Attorney D. B. Wood
worth was continued before Judge Camp
bell yesterday afternoon.
The questions were chiefly based upon
what took place during the investigation
before the State lioard of the American
Protective Associaiion in connection with
the hearing of the charges against Key.
Donald M. Ross.
After patiently listening for about two
hours to the questions and answers, the
Judge remarked that he failed to see how
such evidence could throw any light upon
the case. He was weary of" the whole
business, and as Le wanted to go home, he
adjourned court.
The case will again come up on Febru
ary 10. when it is expected that Hudel-
Bnn's long cross-examination will be fin
ished.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
Modjeska Revives Her Old
Success in " Mary
Stuart."
Bertha Fo z Applauded in "A Legal
Tangle" at the Alca
zar.
The rain did not prevent a large audi
ence from attending the Baldwin last
night to see Modjeska's second perform
ance of "Mary Stuart."
This play has revived the Polish ac
tress' glory more than auything she has
riven this season, and the audience again
showed its' appreciation by frequent ap
plause.
This evening Modjeska will play her
first San Francisco success, "Adrienne
Lecouvreur," for the first time in eight
year*. On Friday evening and at the
matinee on Saturday "Mary Stuart" will
be repeated tor the last times. "Mac
beth" will close the engagement on
Saturday night.
On Monday Louis James, supported by
his own company, will open a season at
the Baldwin.
There ar* only a few more days of "The
Prodigal Father" at the Columbia Thea
ter. Or. Monday "Cnimmie Fndden,"
with Charles Hoppc- in the title role, will
be the attraction. fck> gre.it was the suc
cess of this piece in New York that it run
all last winter and only ended its engage
ment when the hot weather came in June.
Several members of the Alcazar com
pany are a little under the weather in tne
matter of colds, but such afflictions are to
be expected at this season. The perform
ances of "A Legal Wreck" are going very
smoothly otherwise. May Buckley is still
ill, buther part is being very acceptably
tilled by Miss Bertha Folz, who in the
role of Olive Gray is thoroughly natural
and effective.
Next week William Gilette's comedy,
"Ttie ProfeßSOr," will be played at the
Alcazar.
The excitement of the stock board and
the enthusiasm incident to ''playing the
races" and following baseball continue to
pervade Morosco'3 .Grand Onera-house in
"The Westerner." This play has its last
perlormance on Sunday night. On Mon
day* evening a new melodrama, with a
strong dash of comedy, will be given its
hist production at the Grand.
"Aladdin," with its many specialties, is
filling the Tivoli. Some of the attractive
features that are nightly encored are the
dance of the six little tailors, the electric
uance of the flowers anl Ferris Hartman's
a real ballet, in which he is assisted by
Master Robinson disguised as a youthful
Sandow. Hart raan and his little collab
orator also provoke plenty of laughter by
bobbing up serenely in unexpected parts
of the auditorium and sinking "Miss
Maria Johnson's Going to Marry Me."
What with the Hungarian orchestra and
the Tenor Guille the Orpheum is well pro
vided with good music this week. The
ballets are announced as drawing to the
end of their engagement.
Interest is growing in the Trebelli con
cert, which takes place at the California
Theater next Tuesday. The sale of seats
commences this morning. Gustav Hin
rich's symphony orchestra will ass st
Trebelli. who will sing the Cavativa from
"Semiramicle," the Salome air from Mas
sevei's "Herodiade" and several other
grand arias.
The first Hinrichs-Beel symphony con
cert of the season of 1597 will take place
this afternoon at the Columbia Theater.
Not how cheap, but how good for the money;
print or bind. Mysell-Rollins, 22 Clay. •
WHALERS FITTING
FOR THE NORTH
Barks and Steamers Towed
From Their Winter
Quarters.
Wind-Jammers Ready to Sail
and Steamers Being Over
hauled.
Three Stowawiys Discovered on the
Bark C D. Bryant From
Honolulu
The whalers are getting ready for next
season's cruise. The bark Andrew Hicks
sailed for the southern seas yesterday and
the Horatio will probably follow her to
day. The most interesting scene on the
water front yesterday was the towing of
steam whalers oat of the mud Hats near
the Arctic Oil Works. Yesterday the
Thrasher, Balaena and Narwhal were all
hard and fast and the tugs Sea Witch and
Liberty were sent to take them to the
Union Iron Worns. All three vessels are
steam whalers and will require a general
overhauling before they can sail for the
Arctic. The three steamers were In ttie
mud alongside tne old-time coaster Ajax,
and they made a pretty picture aa they
gradually moved out of the mud in tow oi
the tugs.
The steam whaler Karlut is also going
into commission in a lew days and Cap
tain McGregor wili arrive from the East
to-morrow to take command of her. Tiie
captain's home is here and his children
are at school in Oakland, so he is anxious
to get back to the coast. He and his wife
have bepn on a visit to their old homes
and their old friends in New Bedford,
Mass.
The fastest trip of the season from Hono
lulu to San Francisco has been niaue by
the brig W. G. Irwin. She made the run
in eleven days, beating the C. D. Bryant
by at least seventy-live Hours. While the
trip ia a very ."mart one for this time of
the year, nevertheless it doos not be^'in to
compare with the record of the J. D.
Spreckels, which is nine and a half days.
Captain Lee, on the bark C. D. Bryant,
had considerable trouble during the voy
age from Hawaii. When the vessel was
well under way turee stowaways were dis
covered. Two of them refuted to work,
and were put in irons, while tne third
worked like a Trojan, and was finally
rated as an A. B. on the ship's books.
The men were deserters irom the Ameri
can ship Henry B. Hyde, and 3hipped in
this port for a trip to New York via Hon
olulu. On the lirst oyportucily they de
serted and Jeft the captain in the lurch.
The two men whom Captain Lee put in
irons were William Conroy and Gus
Lurulquist.
The schooner S. Danielson, wnich got
in yesterday, nad a very rough experi
ence during the recentsouiheaster. When
forty miles west-southwest of Mendocino
City a violent squall struck the vessel,
and tbe wave* carried the entire deck load
overboard. The railing of the schooner
was also carried away, but otherwise no
damage was done.
The ship Big Bonanza is potting a thor
ouj:n overhauling on the Oakland ways.
New timbers have been put in and she
will be caulked and recoppered and when
she again appears in the bay will be
as good as new. From here the Bi^ Bo
nanza will go to Pnget Sound in ballast to
load lumber for Australia. Captain Alec
Bergman will go out as master, having
bought out the interest of hia brother,
Captain Adoiph Bergman.
lne Hags of the steam schooner North
Fork and bark Coiusu and all th« other
vessels of the Simpson line were at half
mast yesterday. The wile of James Ty
son, general manager of the concern, died
at her home in Alameda yesterday. Her
husband is one of the best-known mana
geis of steam and sailing vessels on the
water front and when the news of the
death of his wife became public all the
coasters in port flew their flags at half
mast. Mr. and Mrs. Tyson had only been
jnarried about twelve months, so her
death strikes the husband with double
force.
The schooner Norma has been pat on
the line for Tahiti. So much cargo has
been offering that there is an overflow
from the City of Papeete, the maiiboat,
ana the Norma will be loaded to the gun
wales with what 13 left.
The bark Colusa will be an addition to
the fleet that will load lumber for Aus
tralia. She has been overhauled ami will
leave for the Sound n»xt Sunday to load
lumber for Sydney, N. S. \V.
"What has become of the schooner
Vine?" is the general inquiry along the
Iront. Six months ago slie left nere tor a
cruise amone the South Sea Islands. On
September 16 last sue was in Corinto, Cen
tral America, and from that day to this
she has never been heard from. The J. F.
Cunningham Company, agents of the ves
sel, are very anxious for btfr safety. Tne
chances are, however, that some news of
the schooner will arrive on th« steamer
City of Peking, due here from Cfcina to
morrow. ,
The American ship Sterling, seventy
four days from Newcastle, N. S. W., gotin
yesterday. The captain reports contrary
winds and heavy weather throughout the
entire trip. The Swanhilda was seven ty
oue days making the run and the Olive
bank is out seventy-six days. No fast
voyages have been made from Australia
this year.
Jewklrt store 5 and 1 TMxd street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
CALVARY WILL
MOVE WESTWARD
The Corporation Empowers
the Trustees to Go
Ahead.
They Have Decided on North
west Corner of Fillmore
and Jackson.
A Blanket Mortgage Will Be Put On
the Old Powell-Street
Site.
Calvary Presbyterian Church will lo
cate ou the northwest corner of Fillmore
ana Jackson streets. This change was
finally decided on at a meeting of the
church niember3 last nigbt.
At the conclusion of the evening ex
ercise the Rev. Dr. John Heniphili briefly
outlined the status of the property about
to be purchased lor the church. At a
previous meeting of the congregation it
was decided to purchase 100 feet fronting
on Jackson street and 89 feet 4)^' inches
on Fillmore, belonging to the estate o!
the late Eme'.ine Wallace, at $33,000, sub
ject, however, to a mortgage of $28,000,
also 25x125:4^ on the line of Jackson
street from Ida V. Butler for $7500.
The question beiore the meeting last
night and the one that caused considera
ble discussion was the purchase of 27x100
feet on the north line of Fiilmore, adjoin
ing thn Wallace property and owned by
M. J. Cameron, for $8000, which would
give for the new church a site 125 feet
square.
On this latter lot there are two tenement
dwellings, paying a good rental. Besides
there are buildings on all of the property,
the rental of which will pay the interest
on the mortgage, but it will take from
$1000 to $1500 to make necessary repairs
on the houses in order to make them hab
itable.
There was some discussion on the meth
od of securing the twenty-seven feet on
Filliuore street and how to raise tne
money to pay for it and to provide for the
floating debt of the present church. Some
of the memoers were adverse to taking a
mortgage on the property on Powell and
Geary streets, while others thought that
the elders could give their individual
notes for the amount necessary lor this
proposition.
Dr. Hemphill and Thomas Magee vol
unteered to become responsible, but this
did not seem to be the way out. Then
anally Dr. Hemphill offered a motion, as
a substitute for the whole, that the con
gregation authorize the board of trustees
and the elders oi toe church to use their
best judgment in providing sufficient
money with which the twenty-seven feet
on Fiilmore street is to be purchased and
also to lift the mortgaee off the Wallace
estate by placing a blanket mortgage on
the present church property. This sub
stitute went through on a run, with only
one dissenting vote.
Thus it was finally decided to purchase
125x123 feet on the corner mentioned and
lift, ali mortgages thereon hy placing one
on the Powell-street property, which is
valued at $250,000, leaving a margin of
$200,000 with which to erect the cnurch
after paying $48,000 for the land.
This action seemed to please all present,
as after an adjournment there was a gen
erai hand-sua£ing and rejoicing over the
result, with many compliments extended
to Dr. Hemphill for his clear and accepta
ble views on the question. »
Cornish miners believe that it is unlucky
to whistle underground.
NEW TO-DAY.
TEMPTING SPECIALS
bvery day our prices arc
as low as any ' grocery
house in town. But on
Thursday, Friday and Sat-
urday of each week we cut
the prices of certain arti-
cles" way down. It will
pay you to read our ads.
FOR 3 DAYS OXLY :
CLARET.
B|T his is a genuine bargain. Weil aged,
full rich flavor. Regular price 75c per gal.
Three day price. 4Oc per gal.
FRENCH PEAS.
A. Pinard's celebrated petit pols, very
choice, extra fine. Regular price 30c per
tin, $3.25 per doz. Three day price, per
tin 20c, per doz. $2.35."
VULCAN PARLOR MATCHES.
Everybody knows them. Regular price
85c per gross. Three day price, SSc per
gross.
KIRK'S TOILET SOAP.
Has a dainty odor that is delightful;
made in Chicago. Medium large cakes.
Regular price 50c per doz. Three day
price, 35v per doz.
— — i: i"
21 Stockton Street, 13253 Fillmore St.,
NEAR MARKET. I Corner Lombard.
Telephone Alain 5522. | Telephone West 152.
Send for our Catalogue.
PRICES ALWAYS THE LOWEST.
TERMS ALWAYS TUB- .EASIEST.
Wo Challenge Comparison on Our
STYLES QUALITY
PRICES VARIETIES
Largest stock of Low and
Medium Priced Goods on
the Pacific Coast.
Stoves, Furniture, ' Show Cases,
Ranges, Carpets, Counters,
Blankets, Bedding. Desks,
Comforts, Mattings, Bars.
WE HAVE 2AGRES OF FLOOR SPACE.,
We're Ready for Business. I
CASH OR EASY TIME msiEira./
j. iroo2sr^.3sr,
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
516-518-520-522 Minna Street.
Above Sixth.
Phone. Jessie tL Open Evenings.