VOLUME LXXXI.-NO. 48.
FOR CABINET
PORTFOLIOS
President-Elect McKinley
Is Choosing His Chief
Advisers.
JUDGE McKENNA GETS
A PLACE.
To Be Attorney-General, and
Later the Successor of Justice
Stephen J. Field.
TEXANS TRAVEL TO CANTON IN
DR. GRANT'S INTEREST.
Ex-Governor Long of Massachusetts
Will Be Appointed Secretary of
War or of the N_.vy.
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. 16.— Major Mc-
Kinley had an extraordinary day of it to
day and his library was never free from
guests of greater or less importance. The
most important callers were Judce Joseph
MeKenna of California, who has been
prominently mentioned for Secretary of
the Interior; Senators M. Quay and
Boies Penrose of Pennsylvania and ex-
Congressman H. L. Morey of Cincinnati.
The visit of Senator Quay and Senator
elect Penrose was looked upon as some
thing of an event, not because either of
them is a candidate for office, but because
of their importance a**, party leaders. The
two Pennsylvanians reached Canton
shortly before noon and were met at the
station by one of Major McKinley's secre
taries. They were cordially greeted by
the President-elect, with whom they re
mained in conference for over an hoar.
Neither Senator Quay nor Major McKin
ley cared to talk on the subj.ctof the
meeting.
Senator Quay denied to the United As
sociated Presses reporter that there was
any discussion of Charles Emory Smith's
Cabinet boom. Senator-elect Penrose said
that they had presented the name of Gov
ernor Hastings ior a Cabinet position, and
that while no specific place had been
named he would make an excellent Secre
tary of War.
It is thought here that Senator Quay
merely desired to put himself in evidence
before any appointments were made in
Pennsylvania and to remind the Presi
dent-elect that he was the same Senator
Quay who had been to see h m last June.
Both gentlemen left for the East this aft
ernoon.
The Call.
Judge McKnena remained with Major
McKinley until late this evening, when
he started for Chicago en route for San
Francisco. He said before departing that
the question of r-acilic Coast representa
tion had been discussed, but no definite
decision had been reached.
"The whole matter has been left open
for further consideration," were his exact
words.
Jud_-e MeKenna declined to say whether
be came to Canton at the solicitation of
Major McKinley. He admitted, however,
thai his name had been mentioned in con
nection with a Cabinet portfolio. As to a
choice for a Caoinet p. ace he said:
'•That I must also decline to state. Yon
know lawyers are given the right to object
even before a question is answered," he
said, adding, "naturally to lawyers the
Secretary of the Treasury and the
Attorney-Generalship would be preferable.
The Interior is also a desirable place.
Some of the best Cabiiftt officers the
country has ever had have been lawyers
who occupied the Navy and other port
folios." '
The party of Texans traveling to Canton
reached the city at 1 o'clock, having
started from the Lone Star State Thursday
morning.
The delegation is composed of over
sixty representative citizens of Texas, and
they came to Canton to pay their respects
to the President-elect and to formally pre
sent the name of John Grant, National
Committeeman from Texas, for a Cabinet
place, the preference j being for Postmas
ter-General, The party occupied two
special Pullman coaches and came from
Cleveland, where they paid their, respects
to National Committeeman M. A. Hanna.
The delegation was headed by President
Leach of the United Republican Clubs of
Ohio, President H. B. Lane of Palestine,
Texas, and several newspaper men. The
party filed into the library, where they
were cordially received by the President
elect. After snaking hands witn each of
the visitors President Leach introduced
| Hon. H. B. Kane, who, in behalf of his
, fellow-citiz.-ns, formally presented the
I greetings of Texas.
A memorial recommending Dr. John
Grant for a Cabinet position was handed
I the major, also a monster petition bound
|in eight volumes and containing over
i 100,000 names of Republicans indorsing
i Dr. Grant Following Mr. Kane, Major
i R. M. Grubbs of Indian Territory spoke
in behalf of his Territory and New
I Mexico.
Major McKinley made formal response
to the gentlemen, saying he would give
due and careful consideration to the mat
ters brought to his attention. The visit
ors left for their homes at 5:20 o'c.ock.
TO BB ATIOKABt-GEXERAZ.
Later, Botoevsr, Judas MeKenna ff'tll
Auce'ed Justice field.
WASHINGTON, D. CL, Jan. 16.— The
visit of Judge Joseph MeKenna to Canton
was made at the solicitation of President
elect McKinley. There is no longer any
doubt that MeKenna has been tendered a
Cabinet position, thus continuing The
Call's dispatches, lt is believed thai Me-
Kenna will be appointed Attorney-General
or Secretary of the Navy, with a promise
from Major McKinley that he will _>« ele
vated to the United States Supreme bench
when there shall be a vacancy in that
court, and it is expected that there
soon be one. 'Justice Field is so -»'lfcb)e
I that his retirement may be compelled in
1 the near future. It is understood here
Some Familiar Characters- Seen Around the Capital-City.- - ■■ -•
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 17, 1897-THIRTY PAGES.
that Judge MeKenna is unwilling to give
up his present life position for a place in
the Cabinet unless he has an assurance of
appointment to the United States Su
preme Court. • .-^ * . .'
LOGO'S It AMU OX TBE LIST.
The Ex-Gorernor Is at Present Slated
for a Portfolio.
BOSTON. Mass., Jan. 16.— Ex-Governor
John D. Long of Massachusetts, who ar
rived here from Canton, Ohio, this after
noon, mates the following statement re
garding his visit:
"I went to Canton in response to a let
ter which Governor McKinley sent me ,
last Tuesday. I reached there yesterday
and just missed seeing Mr. Lodge, who
was there Thursday. However, I met
Senators Sherman and Burrows, the for
mer of whom announced his acceptance
of tbe State portfolio.
"Governor McKinley sent for me to talk
with him, and the subject of the Cabinet
was mentioned together with other mat
ters, it is true t at he' has my name in
mind for a Cabinet place, but nothing
more definite than that is settled. Con
tingencies may arise under which the posi
tion may not come to rae or may not be
accepted if it does, it would be more
likely to be Secretary of the Navy or War
than anything else."
SBBBStAX'S SUCCESS.
Governor Bushnell Aon- Committal as to
the tors hip.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 16. -The pres
ence in this city of Asa. Bushnell, Gover
nor of Ohio, coincident with the formal
acknowledgment of Senator Sherman
that he had accepted President-elect Mc-
Kinley's proffer of the State portfolio,
attracted much attention.
Governor Bushnell held a reception all
the morning, and* it was noticeable that
several of his callers made the determina
tion of Senator Sherman to go into the
Cabinet a subject of personal congratula
tion. The Governor accepted all con
gratulations, smiled and said nothing.
To the query of a reporter as to how the
successor of Senator Sherman would .he
chosen, whether by himself or by the
Legislature convened in special session,
Governor Bußhnell was non-committal.'
• "I have really not had time to decide
that question," he said. "Until this morn
ing I had no positive assurance that the
Senator would go info the Cabinet, al
though I thought he might accept the
offer of the President-elect, and lam there
fore unable to say what I shall do.
"The selection of Senator Sherman gives
me, personally, the greatest gratifica
tion," said the Governor. "We have
Known tor some time that he would have
the opportunity to enter the Cabinet, but
a good many doubted whether he would
be willing to give up his place in the
Senate. His selection will please every
body in Ohio."
"You have been named as a possible
successor to Senator Sherman," it was
suggested.
"Yes, I have seen some reference to it,
but if I. name the successor as Governor I
could not name myself,. and if there is a
special session of the Legislature, that
body will, _". suppose, do as it pleases."
B A CH BLUER WOULD ': __t sb_sfi|__-fe^
The General Say. He Could ' Not Afford
to Refuse a Portfolio.
SARATOGA, N. V., Jan. —General
Continued en Second Page.
WARFARE
IN CUBA
Troops Continue Skirmish
ing in the Principal _ -
Provinces. -*■"
MINOR ENGAGEMENTS
ARE REPORTED.
As Usual the Spaniards C'aim to
. Have Slaughtered Many-
Insurgents.
CARLOS ROLOFF RAISES A BIG
EXPEDITION.
But D2tectiv_s Closely Watch Him in
Order to Check His Departure
From New York.
HAVANA, Cttba, Jan. 16.— A summary
of tbe military operations for the past
twenty-four hours, according to official
reports issued to-day, shows that the
troops are continuing their skirmishing
tactics in the provinces of Pinar del Rio,
Havana, Matanzas and Santa Clara. The
aggregate losses of the rebels oannot be
obtained, but they left fifty-two of their
dead on the several fields of battle.
The total losses of the troops were two
officers and fifteen privates wounded.
Captain-General Weyler has ordered the
beginning of grinding in the Pinar del Rio
province, and is organizing forces for pro
tection of the men engaged in the woik,
tQ be paid by the owners of the estates,
abolishing the system of payment by the
state. The gathering of the crop for grind
ing, according to the order, will later be
extended to include the provinces of
Havana and Matanzas, and in the near
future the order will be put into effect in
the province of Santa Clara.
HIS WATCBI.\Q J. 02 ,0 _____
Spanish Officials Trying to Check His
• IHg Expedition.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 16.— The Her
ald this morning says: General Carlos
Roloff, Secretary of War for the insurgent
Cuban Provisional Government, has just
completed the organization of one of the
largest military expeditions ever prepared
in this country for the aid of the Cubans.
The disclosure of Roloff' s plans led to bis
arrest again.
. Senor Baldsna, the Spanish Consul-
General in this city, was notified a week
ago that Roloff was organizing this ex
pedition. Great efforts were made to se
cure some evidence that would prove
that Roloff intended to leave the coun
try, but such evidence could not be pro
cured. It' was learned that the Cubans
had purchased a large amount of arms
"and munitions of war within the last
three week?, more than ever before in
the history of the Cuban war, but noth
ing further could be discovered by the
Spanish officials concerning this war ma
terial, except that it was intended for the
insurgent array.
Roloff was under $2500 bail to appear
for trial on a charge of participation in
the Laarada filibustering expedition. He
bad furnished $2400 in cash, which the
Government held. The case, however,
would not be tried until the middle of
March.
As the contemplated expedition was to
sail from this country in about ten days,
Consul-General Balaana secured a war
rant for the arrest of Roloff in the case of"
the Wood hall, which sailed on a filibuster
ing expedition from the United States in
June, 1895.
The insurgent leader when arraigned
was held in $2500 additional bail. He has
deposited a cash amount to satisfy this
bail demand, and now the Spanish officials
have ordered detectives to watch every
movement be makes, as they say he will
possibly forfeit the $5000 and steal out of
the country with the expedition.
The filibusters are said to be ready to
sail at a moment's notice. The Cubans
purchased for the expedition 2,000,000 car
tridges, 5000 Mauser rifles, . four rapid
tirin^ guns, 2000 gun cartridges and a large
quantity of dynamite and hospital stores
and camp material.
This entire expedition was organized in
this city in a cigar factory in the lower
part of the city. A son of Jose Marti, who
was killed at the beginning of the revolu
tion in 1895, joined the expedition as aid
to General Roloff.
The Spanish authorities, aided by the
United States Marshals and private detec
tives, are watching Roloff and all suspected
of having joined his party. Cubans say if
the expedition can be got away the insur
gents will be able to strike a telling blow
in the field. •
Believes Maceo Is Dead.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— A special
from Jacksonville, Fla., says: The report
as to Maceo being at Dayton on January
11 is denied here by Cubans. J. A. Her
rau, the Florida agent of the Junta,
laughed at the idea last night and said it
was news to him. He believes that Maceo
is dead and says that -all', these * rumors
have no .foundation. -. All the Cubans
spoken to say that, had Maceo been in
Florida it would have been impossible to
keep the fact quiet. V
f-anta Clara Xot Captured.
MADRID, 'Spain. Jan. 16.— emphatic
denial is given to the report that was ca
bled here from i the United States to the
effect v that Maximo Gomez, the ; rebel .
leader, bad captured Santa Clara, the cap-;
ital of the province of that name.
VALLEY ROAD AND SANTA FE.
California's First Compet
ing Transcontinental
Railroad.
VICE PRESIDENT WATTS
OFFICIAL STATEMENT
Will Be Effected by an Ultimate
Connection at Mojave
Junction.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC TO BE
SOLD THIS MONTH.
The Route May Be From Madera Through Santa
Clara Valley to This Side of the Bay
and China Basin.
What the San Francisco and San Joa
quin Valley Railroad will in all probabil
l ity do in the way of coming into the City
i of San Francisco and of making Eastern
transcontinental connections was learned
yesterday from Vice-Presiden t Robert
Watt.
It is possible that the company may not
build down to the Alameda or Contra
Costa county shores at all, and that it will
touch tidewater first on' the San Francisco
side of the bay.
There is a strong probability that the
rails of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Map Showing* Probable Routes,
Termini and Transcontinental
Connection of the Valley Road.
Fe system and the Valley road will be
spiked together in the near future at
Mojave and that the yellow coaches of
both companies will be flashing into the
bay cities . in transcontinental and State
competition with the Southern Pacific
Point Richmond, Contra Costa County,
is one of the many points that the Valley
road officials are considering as a possible
terminus on the other side of the bay.
Other points in that and Alameda County
have also received consideration. Each
bas its peculiar advantages and disad
vantages, and the matter of making a se
lection between them is a problem that is
still being investigated and will not be de
termined for some months to come. The
other places on the bay that are being or
will be surveyed by the company in seek
ing a terminus are Malata Point, San
Pablo Point and Dumbarton Point. The
advantages of Point Richmond is that it
juts out into deep water and terminal fa
cilities there could -be constructed at a
small expense, as compared with other
points where the water is shallow and
where extensive piling would have to be
done.
On the other hand, Point Richmond has
very serious disadvantages. Back of the
point is a serious obstacle in the way of
railroad construction in the form of a
marsh. Back of the marsh is a more seri
ous disadvantage in a steep grade over the
Coast Ranee of mountains. .There is a
stretch of fifteen miles with a grade of
eighty feet to the mile, or what is called a
IK per cent grade. On a I*^ per cent
grade a locomotive can do only. 20 per
cent of the work it can do on a level grade.
The question of grades, particularly those
through mountains, seriously affect the
cost of operation and are among the most
serious problems with which surveyors
and civil engineers have to deal.
Point Richmond is remote. If it were
selected as the terminus the company
would abandon the possible profit to be
derived from ierry travel were the ter
minal point located . convenient to the
thickly populated sections in and around
Berkeley, Oakland and Alameda County
generally. The grade back of .Point Rich
mond is steeper, ; more difficult to over
come and more * expensive to operate a
raiiroad on than any other point on the
eastern shore of which anything is known
at all.
.'.-' Another point that has been considered
by the company as a terminus is a snor
distance : south ot the narrow-j_;au__e pier.*
The company would be almost in the
midst of ferry trade nere, but the disad
vantage of shallow water and the great
expense of piling and building a long pier
presents itself. '
Here, however, there would be a steady
revenue from ferry travel, whereas at Point
Richmond there is comparatively no opt
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
lation and there wouldn't be enough in
come from the ferry travel to buy axle
grease for a handcar. If this point south
of the narrow-gauge mole was selected the
San Francisco ferry terminus would be at
or close to the foot of Third street in
China Basin, on which the Valley road
has a 50-year lease granted by the Statu.
Avery large proportion of ferry travel
would thus.be diverted from the foot of
Market street to the foot of Third street.
. In case the south-of-the-narrow-gauge
location were chosen the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railroad would
come through Fruitvaie. ' It would use
most of what is known as the old Ken
nedy survey, made for the projected San
Francisco and Great Salt Lake Railroad
.which was defeated by •_. technical point
in the Legislature and is a dim recollec
tion of some years ago. The Valley road
'bas.inheru._d this survey. The maximum
grade "on. it is forty- five feet to the mile,
about half of what it is on the grade be
hind Point Richmond. - This survey ex
tends through to Stockton, the present
northern terminus of the Valley Railroad.
This route also affords a much shorter
ferry passage than Point Richmond.
If either one of the points on. the eastern
shore is made the terminu« there would
be an all-rail extension from Stockton to
the hay. '-} ■'■*..•''. -
But it is entirely possible that the Valley
road may come to tidewater on the San
Francisco side, by way of the Santa Clara
Valley and San Jose, Pacheco Pass and
Madera. Should this happen -no rail ex
tension would be laid from Stockton. That
city would have the advantage of being
the terminus of the road for wheat and
other heavy freight, which would be
transported thence to Port Costa and San
Francisco by water.
The Santa Clara Valley route is hi hlv
KEW TO-DAT.
___________
ROUGH
Itching, scaly, bleeding palms, shapeless nails,
' and painful finger ends, pimples, blackheads,
oily, mothy skin, dry, thin, and falling hair, itch-
ing, scaly scalps, all yield quickly to warm baths
with Cuticura Soap, and gentle anointings
with Cuticura (ointment), the great skin cure.
(piicura
Ii sold throughout the world. Pottbb D>tro axd Cain
Corf.. Sole Prop*., Boston ■
«r " How to Produce Soft, White Hindi." free.
ITCHING HUMORS lß Jiy^__S_7,.__7
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when you
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it. -'
LEVI STRAUSS 6, GO'S
_ CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
Are made of the best materials.
Cewed with the best threads.
Finished in the best style.
EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
S__ ___ ftl D for a picture of our '
Factory, we will mail one to you free
of charge.
1
WE. EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
San Francisco,
._,. . 'California.2
probable in the event that the company's
Eastern transcontinental connection*-,
concerning which there is already an
understanding, are carried out.
There is no doubt that the transconti
nental line with which the Valley road
will effect a connection is the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe. The western ter
minus of this great railroad system is Al
buquerque, N. Me*.., and from Albu
querque the Atlantic and Pacific extends
to Mojave, Cal. The Southern Pacific
built the Mojave-Needle3 portion of the
Atlantic and Pacific, and leased it to the
Atlantic and Pacific for ninety-nine years,
with the privilege of purchase. The lease
was executed in 18SG or 1888. A condition
of the lease is that the At. antic and Pacific
shall not build into Ca lfornia except on
giving the Southern Pacific five years'
notice.
The Atlantic and Pacific is the connect
ing link between the Valley road and the
Santa Fe. It is in the hands of a receiver
and is to be sold some time this month.
The Santa Fe people have been buying up
all the Atlantic and Pacific's $16,000.00-' of
bonds they could get, and have long had
their eyes on this link of the chain that is
to bring them into California in direct
and complete competition with the South
ern Pacific Company.
From Mojave to Bakersfield is a stretch
of about sixty-eight miles. All that re
mains to be done to connect the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railroad
with tne great Santa F_ line, the eastern
terminus of which is Chicago, is for it or
the Santa Fe to build an extension be
tween .Baker-field and Mojave.
As published in The ."all a few days
ago, the Valley Railroad will be running
trains into BaKersfie.d some time during
next June, it hav;n_- been decided to put
a force of '400 to 500 men at work in the
next two or three weeks on this extension
from Fresno, the right of way having
been virtually secured.
The condition of the Southern Pacific
lease to the Atlantic and Pacific in r gard
to five years' notice if it builds an exten
sion west from The Needles though an
obstacle on its face is not an obstruction
at all as a matter ol fact. There is noth
ing in the condition which can prevent
the Valley road or an? other independ
ent corporation from building the lint be
tween Mojave and Baker-field or any
other point on the map.
The plan of the Valley road will prob
ably be, wben the Santa Fe construction
is effected, to come into San Francisco
first on this side of the bay, with its ter
minal facilities at tidewater at China
basin. The extension, in this case, would
leave the line of the Valley road already
constructed at or near Lankershim, oppo
site Madera on the Southern Pacific and
come through M-rced Conntv, the Pache
co Pass and tbe Santa Clara Valley.
First Vice-President Watt of the Valley
Railroad said yesterday afternoon:
"Point Richmond is only one of the
points that has been considered as a ter
minus. It is not more favorably consid
ered than the other, points. It has its ad
vantage of deep water and its disadvan
tage of steep grade; behind it and being re
mote from population. Other points con
sidered by us are San Pab.o, Maiata, Dum
barton and a location south of the narrow
gauge pier. There tne expense of piling
would be heavy, but we would get some
ferry business.
"No complete survey has been made
over any proposed route, and not a foot of
right of way has been purchased between
here and Stockton.
"We may come into San Franc on
this side of the bay by way of the Pacheco
Pass and the Santa Clara Valley, but
nothing definite has been decided upon
and will not be for some months to come.
"We propose to effect an Eastern con
nection with the Santa Fe system. If we
come into San Franci-co on this side of
the bay there will be no rail extension of
our road from Stockton to San Francisco.
The heavy freight will go that way, while
the passenger business will be moved via
me Pacheco Pass."
Tillman Withdrawn.
NASHVILLE, Te...., Jan. 16.— Mr. Till
man bas withdrawn his contest and the
inauguration of Governor-elect Taylor has
been arranged to take place on Thursday.
OEIGIN OF EYEGLASSES.
They Were the Find of King Charles II
of Englaud.
The study of the eye is one of the most
intricate known to science, and yet one
of the most enchanting and absorbingly
interesting to those who pursue it with
any degree of success. New beauties and
wonders are developed every day as the
oculist progresses with bis studies.
Now that the study has advanced far it
is interesting to look back upon the work
which has been accomplished a mere
start in the study. The time was when
there was no aid to defective vision, ana
very few who now use glasses ever dreamed
that their discovery was due to an acci
dent, and the fact that a crowned head was
near-sighted.
When young Charles Stuart, afterward
Charles II of England, e-ciped to France
with his head he became a pensioner of
the great Louis XIV. While living his
indolent and dissolute life in Cologne he
met an expert artisan in glass, and acci
dentally looking through a small lens be
longing to this workman he found tbat it
greatly aided his very imperfect vision.
The young prince was born with myopic
astigmatism (irregular near-sight). By a
mathematical calculation, ba-ed upon the
crude and heavy lenses he is said to have
finally worn, wh eh are now in the British
Museum, his vision was found to be about
one-twentieth of normal sight.
He and the artisan were so impressed
with tbe possibilities as revealed by the
rough lens he had tried in the workshop
that the latter from that day give his
whole time, and the former all the thought
he was capable of exercising, to this work.
The name of this Frenchman js not
known, although he was probably the first
optician. When Charles was recalled to
England and crowned as Charles 11, he
took this artisan with him, together with
several others that he had found in
France. @_p_§
After establishing bis London workshop
without regard to cost, he ransacked all
Europe for still other artisans in glass,
until be bad secured about twenty. It is
said that as many as 6000 lenses were made
in this shop for the King's eyes before he
got what he wished and what gave him
perfect vision. His gay and dissolute court
at once followed his examp. c by attempt
ing to wear glasses, without regard to their
necessity, but as a majority of tbem were
youne, and had not overworked theireyes
as students do in this age, glasses were as
a rule unnecessary.
The fashion originated from a necessity,
and tbe King met it through his persist
ence and the sacrifice of many thousands
of pounds sterling and with many thou
sand trials through art alone. The science
of refract. on was not then in its present
state of perfection to direct the artisan
how to grind lenses to fit the King's eyes
at one effort; indeed, it did not then exist.
This fashion soon became a fad, with a dis
regard to the peculiar necessity that origi
nated it; yet without science to direct
them what to grind, the artisans became
rich, not only in English pounds, but in
experience of mechanical optics..
The way was thus paved for tne almost
perfect science of optics that now exists,
as well as the art of grinding lenses. " 'Tis
an ill wind that blows nobody good." The
good, accidentally, it would seem, that fol
lowed Charley's exile to France has be6n
worth many times over the loss of his
father's head, tbe fear of the same result
to himself having been bis. incentive to
flight. — Exchange.
The last European battle in which bows
and arrows were used was that of Leipsic
in October, 1813, when the French were
defeated by the Allies. The Russians
brought into the field some Tartars whose
only weanons were bows. and arrows, and
a French general was wounded by an ar
row in the battle.
PROPOSE TO OPEN
STATE NAVIGATION
Legislators Considering a
Bill for a Very Big
Appropriation.
Strong Backing to the Scheme
to Deepen Channels of the
Navigable Streams.
Three Hundred Thousand Dollars Is
Desired to Carry Out This
G eat Improvement.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 16.— The
bill appropriating $300,00-) to deepen the
channels of navigable streams in Califor
nia Das a strong backing by land-owners
in the Sacramento and San Joaquin val
leys. There is every Indication of a hot
contest over this measure. The proposi
tion is wholly independent, of the bill
asking $250,000 to assist the miners and
protect the mountain tributaries of the
Sacramento.
To-day the Assembly Committee on
Public Works, Ennis chairman, consid
ered the bill relating to the main rivers.
Before the bill is reported back to the
Legislature the Senate and Assembly com
mittees may meet in joint session to dis
cuss the question.
The Assemblymen have listened with
much interest to a description ofthe mud
throv/ing capacity of the Bates dredger.
The work performed by dredgers of this
pattern in deepening the Mississippi River
and in dredging tor the great drainage en
terprise of Chicago is cited as examples
of the worth of the machine. The big
dredger can deposit the mud 2000 yards
distant from the scene of suction. The
material is carried over the water in pon
toon tubes.
The bill proposes that the State shall
own the dredger, and that the boat raay
be sent to the San Joaauin, the Sacra
mento, Alviso Creek, or Petaiuma, as the
Commissioners of Public Works and the
Auditing Board shall direct.
The point is raised that it is the duty of
the United States Government to remove
all obstructions to navigation from navi
gable streams. Captain Gi'lette, corps of
engineers, U. S. A., advises the State au
thorities that the General Government
assumes only the responsibility of main
taining low-water navigation and that the
State must take care of the flood waters
and river bank
The advisory committee of the Swamp
and Overflowed Laud Owners' Association
is an influential body and will exert con
siderable force in favor ot the bill. The
members of the committee are: W. A.
Gett (chairman), Albert Miller, E. B.
Pond, George A. Moore, Fred Zeile,
George E. Williams, T. W. Sheehan, J. H.
Glide, George L. Ciark, W. E. Gerber,
James O'Neil, Dwipht Hollister, Joseph
Desrosier, Marion de Vri s, Hugh J. Cor
coran, R. R. Yeale, James E. Sullivan,
George Hagar, Jesse Poundstone, Thomas
Mumma, A. H. Wilber, R. T. Devlin, F.
T. Dwyer, W. A. Lovdal, Thomas .V.
Dean, R. D. Robbins.
The executive committee consists of A.
T. J. Reynolds, Sol Runyon, M. J. Boggs,
A. C. Bingham and L. D. Greene.
The discussion in committee to-day in
dicates that politics will be introduced.
It is proposed that the Governor in ap
pointing the auditing committee shall ap
point two from the political party which
received the highest vote at the last elec
tion, two from the party that receiqed the
next highest and one from the party re
ceiving the third highest.
There will be political patronage about
this mud-slinping craft. At least sixteen
employes will ie engaged to man the boat
for active work, and it may be predicted
as a sure thing that the force will not be
reduced when tde boat is idle.
Late this afternoon, after a prolonged
session attended by several advocates of
MAJOR PICO, Who Has an $5000 Claim Against the State.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, . JANUARY 7, 1897.
the measure, the committee decided to re
port favorably on the bill. The commit
tee voted to strike out the following clause
of the original bill: "The Governor snail
be ex-offlclo a member of t.e board, and
when present shall preside at meetings."
A proviso was inserted that the five mem
bers of the Auditing Board should not all
be members of the same political party.
Caminetti insisted throughout the dis
cussion that the deepening of the chan
nels by dredging was only a correc
tion, and that the work of prevention
should be done higher up in the streams,
where the debris is constantly deposited.
It is conjectured that the mining interests
asking $250,000 and the farming interests
applying for $300,000 will join hands to se
cure both approptiatibns.
Some quiet work has been done during
the past week in furtherance of the plan
to consolidate the Folsom and San Quentin
State prisons at Folsom. The latter place
is adjacent to Sacramento, and Warden
Aull agreeably entertains visiting mem
bers of both houses, knowing that men
have "entertained angels unawares."
The Nevada islature wiU meet to
morrow, and before the session of the
Calilornia Legislature ends a joint delega
tion from each body may meet on the
banks of the Truckee to inspect the saw
dust in the stream. One of the long
remembered "jamborees" oi the Pacific
Coast was the result of a meeting ot the
lawmakers of Calilornia and Nevada at
Truckee some years ago.
There is talk that the Nevada Legisla
ture intends to make things smooth for
the Corbett-Fitzsimmonsfigbt. The sports
are already counting on legislative coun
tenance in that direction.
The Assembly Committee on Attaches,
Vo>burg chairman, held an executive ses
sion this afternoon. The committee is ex
pected to report to the House Monday
morning. There seems to be nothing left
for the committee to do than recommend
an apology for the extravagance and also
recommend the enactment of a law to
prevent members of the Legislature in the
future from employing more than. a fixed
number of attaches for temporary organ
ization.
Chief Clerk Duckworth of the Assembly
is slightly uneasy. He noes not relish
the reports predicting vigorous action by
the Sacramento Grand Jury. Should the
jury indict all the members of the Assem
bly for this waste of public money Lands
borough of Sacramento would have com
pany. He is now the only member in the
House under indictment, hence his posi
tion is a little embarrassing.
The bill appropriating $300,000 for deep
ening the channels of the navigable rivers,
as originally presented iv the committee,
provides as follows:
Section 1. Within thirty days after the pass
age of this act the t ovc-rnor shall appoint five
persons, who sha 1 be citizens of the State o Cali.
i crma. and who, after the first appolntmen , shall
hold office for four years after the r appblmmeut,
who shall be known as the Auditing Board to the
Commissioner of Public Works, i hey must, wilh
in fifteen days after receiving notice of their ap
pointment, meet in the city of Sacramento and
organize by selecting from their number a presi
dent and secretary. But of those appointed un.ier
this act, the term of ollice of two shall be for two
yeass. and the term of the others for four years,
ana the Governor shall designate ln their com
missions their respective terms. Thereafter all
shall be appointed for cur years. A 1 vacancl s
shall be filled in like manner by appointment from
the Governor, but the person appointed to fill a va
cancy shall fill only the unexpired term- Ihe
Governor shall be ex officio a member of the
board, and when present shall preside at the meet
ings .No member thereof shall recover any com
pensation whatever, but they may be paid their
reasonable travelog expenses in attending meet
ing, to oe audited by the Board of Examiners.
They shall meet at hacramento.City once In. two
months, and oliener If required.
sec. 2. tor the purposes of this act the report
of the Commissioner of Public Wor s dated-No
vember 16, 18sJ6, an i accompanying reports and
plans' of engineers, shall be adop.-d and made cho
basis of operations and lhe plans therein specified
for promoting drainage and Improving and reclifv
lngriver channel, shall, as far as practicable, be
carried out and finished es herein provid d.
tec- 3.- The Comm. s -loner of Public Works shall
bave chargo and superintendence . of all work au
thorized by this act. and shall employ and direct
all employes, but no expei.di'.ure shall be made
without the sanction of the auditing board. The
Comm ssioner of Public Works shall de ermine
he harar.:er and extent of the wor* to be done in
accordance with the said leport, and shall have
power to carry on and comp etc ihe same.
S c. 4. There Is hereby appropri ted, out of any
money in the .-tale Treasury not o.her-* ise ap
propriated, the sum of $ 60 ,000, to be paid te the
said. auditing board, an i to be expend d for the
purpose lit leafier specified, to wit: for the- pur
chase, const ructio , and operation of one or more
dredgers, rma hlnes, ami lances, to Improve
and rectify the fiver channe s of the Slate of Cali
fornia, so as to promote drainage uud protect
towns and cities of the State of calr.or.-.ia from
inundation, as outl ned and described iv said re
port or" Commissioner of I'ubi c Works, to erect,
build, and construct em hank ments where necessary
for currying out the | uipose of this act: to employ
pei sons in and about said work, and to purcnase
such supplies as may be necessary for carrying on *
the same, and fur doing all other work described
ln said report, to Improve and rectify river chan
nels so as to promote drainage.
Sec. 5. The Commissioner of Public. Works
shall bave | ower to emp.oy such persons ln and
about said work as the auditing board may de
termine to be necessary, at a compensation to be
fixed by the auditing board. All contracts for the
purchase of material and supplies, or tor such
■ work as can be done by contract, where the cx
i ense thereof shall exceed the sum of $."> 00, shall
be awarded to the lowest bidder, at a public letting
thereof, and after a cot cc to bidders to be*~puo
li.shed In. one newspaper published! in the city of
faeramento, one In Stockton and one in San Fr n
• isco. for a least two weeks prior to the day fixed
for opening bias, provided the said Did is a -air and
reasonable one All bids required by this act shall
be accompanied by snch security as the audit! g
board may require, conditioned upon the bidder
entering into a contract upon the terms of his bid,
on notice of the acceptance thereof, and furnish
ing a penal bond, wl h good and sufficient sureties,
In such sum as the auditing board may require, and
to their satisfaction, that he will faithfully perform
his contract.' If all the bids made at such
letting are deemed unreasonably high, the board
may, in their discretion, a c me to contract, a cd
may again advertise: ior such time and In such
papers as they see proper, for proposals, and mac
so continue to renew the advertisement until sat
isfactory contracts are made; aad in the mean
time the board may c >n race for articles and sup
plies for Immediate and temporary use, with any
one whose offer is regarded as just and eqnitable,
or may purchase ln the open market. No b d shall
"be accepted, nor a contract entered Into in pur
suance thereof, when such bid Is higher than any
Other bid at the same letting for the same class or
schedule of artlc.es. quality considered, and when
a contract can be had at such low. r bid. When
two or more bids for the same article or actlcle*
are equal In amount, the board may select the one
which,, all things considered, may by them be
cho.cght best for the interest of the State, or they
may divide -the contract between • the bid
ders >as ■■ in - their judgment may seem
proper and right. Trie board shall have
power to let a contract in the aggregate,
or they may segregate the Items and enter into a
co tract with the bidder or bidders who may bid
lowest on the several articles. The board shall
have the power to reject the b d of any person
wh > had a prior contract and who had not, In he
opinion ot the board, faithfully complied i here
with. 1% however, any sudden emergency should
arise, rendering it necessar. , in the Judgment of
the Auditing Board, to prote t works already com
plete i, or io prevent any work in pro ess of con
struction from being damaged by storms or flo. d
wate a, t. nil medial • repairs of works should
be done, the said Commissioner of Publ.c Works
shall have power to perl'o m such work, or make
such repairs, in the manner which to him seems
most aivisabie.
Sec. 6. It will not be necessary to obtain the
sanction of any other board or oflicer for the doing
of any work or the letting of any contract, except
as herein spec tied, bit alt claims -hail be audited
by the State Boaru of Examiners as provided for
by law.
Sec. 7. The Auditing Board may condemn the
right of way nece sary for the purpose of doing
the wor.-; outlined and de cribed in 8 'id report of
the Commissioner of Public Works, and may pur
cn. se or condemn all laud and material necessary
to carry out such plans of drainage, and may gen
erally connect with, enlarge or strengthen any
work of construction, and may condemn any lands
which may be by them deemed necess.ny for the
purposes of the act, and it is hereby declared that
such purposes are a public use and that said ap
propriation is lor the public benefit: provided,
however, thai they .-ball not interfere with any ex-
IstiugVrec amatlon work, or cut ditche_or drains
without the c.cnsent of the board or trustees there
of on, in or ov.t any ian is » tua ed In any swamp
land, reclamation, levee or protection district.
sec. 8. Whenever the auditing Board cannot
procure from the owner or owners thereof without
purchase the righ of way or ma erial needed for
the construction of -cu.h worKS as are described in
the said report of the Commissioner of Public
Works, or cannot procure the consent to 'in or
connect with any existing works, or procure lands
necessary f r the construe ton and compl-tton of
the said system and plan described in e*».d report,
the said Auditing Board may. In theirown nameor
in the name ofthe .state of California, proceed to
condemn the same underthe provision* or title
seven, part three, of the Code, of Civil Procedure
and ame dments thereto, which are now exla lug,
or which may hereafter be made: provided, tha
cities, towns, levee districts, swamp land districts,
reclamation districts, protection districts, and all
municipal corporations having levees, leciama
ticcn or protection works shad have and retain the
exclusive management ana control thereof, sub
ject to the right to connect the work as herein
provided.
Sec. 9. Any member of the Auditing Board, or
the Commissioner of Public Works, or any ap
pointee or employe of eith r. wuo shall ba Inter
ested In any contract for the construction of any
work provided for by this act shall be guilty of a
felony.
Sec. 10. Nothing contained in this act shall ln
any manner aft'e I the laws In force in reclamation
and levee districts, nor shall any levees be con
demn, nor purchased under the provisions of
this act
Sec. 11 The Controller is hereby directed to
druw his warrant In favor of said Auditing Board
for the amount appropriated by this act. and the
Treasurer Is hereby directed to pay the same.
Sec. I'i. All acts and parts oi acts in conflict
with this act are hereby repealed.
Sec. 1-. This act shall take effect immediately
from and alter its passage.
RECKLESS EXPENDITURES.
An Inquiry Proposed That May Only
Increase the Flow of State Cold.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 16*.— The in
quiry concerning the make up of the tem
porary roll of organization in the Assem
bly bas caused a deal of confusion. The
Repulican caucus committee composed of
Anderson, ■■ Cutter, Fontana, Melick and
Hill have been holding secret sessions and
has about resolved to report in favor of the
House appointing.acommittee with power
to administer oaths and examine wit
nesses.
The committee accepted as a fact com
mon gossip that Hocking of San Bernar
dino never came near tb9 Assembly, but
through some other person placed on the
roll to represent him drew $173 for mile
age and temporary service.
The true facts in the case are that
Hocking came to Sacramento in response
to a telegram from Parkinson, sergeant
at-arms of the previous session ; that the
committee allowed him mileage on his
own statement; that be served a week,
was reappointed bookkeeper of tbe ser
geaut-at-arms by Speaker Coombs on
January 13, and is now here serving in
that position.
The caucus inquiry brought out state
ments that qui.e a number ot men were
placed on the roll by Duckworth at the
request of Parkinson and Lampbrey. It
was found that Breiling of Alameda,
chairman of the committee, was hood
winked by clever politicians of San Fran
cisco. He had never before bossed the
job of making out a roll ana accepted too
much outside advice.
The Caucus Committee finds that the
expense should not have exceeded $620,
whereas, $4200 was allowed, of which $314
has not been drawn.
The Assembly Committee on attaches
which is expected to report to the House
next Monday has not gained any more
light than (he Caucus Committee sheds.
A long secret session was held this after
noon and adjournment taken until Mon
day morning at 9 o'clock. A sentiment
was expressed against sending the matter
to the Grand Jury. Some of the unso
phisticated, who are not familiar with
Legi-lative tactics, fancied tbat the over
paid a laches might be persuaded to. dis
gorge the money. It was also suggested
that tbe Assemblymen who placed the
"extras" on the roll might be persuaded
to reimburse the Slate. '
The proposed investigation by a com
mittee empowered to administer oaths,
send for witnesses and employ clerks and
stenographers will not make ihe affair any
blacker or whiter, but will cost the State
more money than the attaches were al
lowed io grab. As an object lesson a con
science fund might be established to as
certain bow many members would con
tribute to it. ;
As Democrats, Populists and Republi
cans ate all guilty of extravagance in the
same degree it would appear as though the
sensible course to pursue is to denounce
the wrong, apologize to-the people and
protect the contingent fond from further
raids.
The reckless purchase of ' new furniture
for which there is no earthly use is fully
as reprehensible as the grab of the at
taches. The Assembly resolution, follow
ing quickly on The Call's exposure, has
given the Senate a bint, and so the upper
bouse will request the Controller to with
hold warrants. I
Monday will be "washday" in both
houses, and after the soiled linen has been
exhibited the regular legislative work of
the session may begin.
The contested election cases of two San
Than cure is prevention. ' If subjeci.to rheum-
atism, ward ofl its attacks by purifying your
blood now with a thorough course of
Sarsaparilla
The licjt— ln fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's Pills cure Liver Ills; easy to
IIIWU d fill's uke, easy operate _»3c.
Francisco Senators. Hall of the Twentv
tiird District and Feeney of: the Twenty
tilth, will soon be on." Ten ortwelve San
Francisco attorneys, representing the con
testants and the seat-holders, have been
notified to be here next Tuesday evening
to arrange the preliminaries, for the con
test. Heroic work will be necessary to
save the Senate contingent fund from the
demands of tbe lawyers in these cases.
There is talk that the Committee on Elec
tions ought to go to San Francisco, secure
a room in the new Ciiy Hall and count
the ball .|*s. ■■ One Senator from au interior
county said to a Call reporter to-night:
"I am decidedly opposed to the taking
of any testimony. lam willing to count
the ballots and award the seat in question
in each contest to the candidate who re
ceived the highest number of votes.
CELElili .11 -of VICTOR*.
San Joseans Brjoice Over the Defeat ofthe
funding Bill.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 16.— The defeat
of the Powers funding bill was celebrated
in this city thjs evening by a mass-meet
ing at Hale's Hall. Short speeches were
made by V. A. Scbeller, Nicholas Bowden,
E. E. Coihran and F. A. Quinn.
A resolution was adopted urging the
representatives of California in the Senate
and House of Congres* to oppose ail at
tempts to have the Pacifi- railroads ques
tion referred to a commission lor settle
ment. _ ',_. , ,
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 16. The legal
holiday -as only partly observed inban
Die_:o. There was not the least enthusiasm
and no public demonstration.
The postoffice, business houses and
banks remained open during the usual
business hours, but the city offices closed
and the courts adjourned. The. Gover
nor's proclamation was received late
Friday night, too late for t.ie postoffice
and banks to give the usual timely notice
to the public and patrons.
SHOT AT Bt FOHTZAXD THUGS
Poor MarK-man.hlp Prevents the Killing
of a bteamthip Engineer.
PORTLAND, Or, Jan. 16.— George F.
Fuller, chief engineer of the steamship
R. R. Thompson, had a narrow escape
irom death at the hands of two footpads
last night He was on his way to his home,
and when on the Sullivan Gulch bridge,
at Grand avenue, was ordered to throw up
his hands. Having considerable money
on his person, he refused to obey. One
of the thugs fired at Fuller. The bullet
whistled past his face, while the powder
burned his cheeks. Not desiring to argue
the point, lurther, the now thoroughly
frightened engineer took to his heels and
lost no time in increasing the distance
between himself and bis assailants. The
thugs did not follow or again shoot at
their intended victim, fearing to attract
attention to their outlawry.
Vancouver's Commercial Growth.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 16. — The
Northwestern Commercial Travelers As
sociation bas a flourishing branch in
British Columbia. There is a merabr
ship of seventy on the roils, men who
are canvassing for legitimate British
Columbia houses. They represent sixty
wholesale firms. Sixty of the seventy
mercantile hustlers are Vancouver men,
demonstrating beyond dispute that in
less tban ten years Vancouver has risen
from a hamlet in the woods, known as
Gas Town (owing to the eloquence of the
local loyalists, a reputation which has
not been entirely rubbed out) to take its
place as the mercantile center of British
Columbia. The Board o Directors are:
A. R. Tufts of W. Tufts & Son Vancouver;
hur Robertson of Martin & Robertson
V ctoria, and G. W. Gatter of W. J. Peck
& Son, Victoria. _
Oregon's Legislature.
SALEM, Or.. Jan. 16.'— The House met
at 10 a. m. The roll was called. There
was no quorum. The law says "the
House ehall adjourn from day to day"
consequently a motion to adjourn to 2
o'clock to-morrow (Sunday) was carried,
and Oregon will witness the unusual spec
tacle _f a session on the Sabbath day.
The Senatorial situation is still unchanged
and likely to remain so.
Skeleton Found enr Astoria?
ASTORIA, Or., Jan. 16. — A fisherman
discovered the skeleton of a man this after
noon on an island opposite Kappa, a few
miles above this city. It had evidently
been in the water a long time, which
causes the residents near there to believe
that it . is tbat of a Russian wbo disap
peared frrm that locality about two years
ago.
Surrewing Sear Walnut Creek.
WALNUT CREEK, Cal., Jan. 16— A
dozen men in charge of Surveyor Williams
of the Valley road are now surveying
between Walnut Creek and Bryant Sta
tion, the terminus of the narrow gauge.
No heavy grating will have to be done
exeent at Charles Hill, where a tunnel
will be excavated.
NEW TO-DAY.
i^y»ii-i.i,iiw_>i_T-IMW-H_BMi^B___s_C_3BHßßß^
GREAT
SEMI-ANNOAL
*
■ * .;'.* ; _ .
_____ j
We were closed all day
i Thursday making ready for
[ this week's sale. Found we
) had overstocked in many lines
j and propose to sell everything
\ at I*3 to 1-2 value.
. : '
I at I*3 to 1-2 value.
Infants' Mocassins, sizes 0
to 3, Reduced trom 50c .to _0o
Infants' Fine. Kid, button,
I sizes 2to 6. Reduced
t irom ........75c to 45c
I Child's Fine Kid, cloth top, *
. button, hand- turned, - >; "
f spring heel, patent leath-
-5 er tips, sizes 5 to 8. Re- ■■ --'
\ duced irom $1.25 to 85c
X Child's Kid. button, pat-
ent leather tips, spring
I heel, sizes 6 to 7% Re-
duced from $1.25 to 90c
s Sizes 8 to 10*4 - Re-
ij duced t0........ ...... 81.00
ra Misses' Fine Kid, button,
patent leather up. spring
Heel, size-- 11 to 2. Re-.
|| duced from $1.75 to 81.20
ii Ladle.' Red and Black
> Satin Romeos. Reduced
' frcm ;...... .T.r.*?-tT:..;. $2.50 to 81.45
fj Ladies' Fur-bound Romeos.
! Reduced fr0m...... $1.50 to 81.00
' Ladies* Tan Kid FTir-bonnd
. Juliets. Reduced fr0m.. 52.50 to 81.50
! ' - " mmmmmmmmmmmm
i . _— ZZZZT .■
Kasts
I 738-740 Market St.
Carry a Full I.me of Buckingham
1738-740 Market St.
Carry a Full line of Buckingham
& Hecht'a Fine Shoes.
1 SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
r jj___*K*l_____TO
FOR CABINET
PORTFOLIOS
Continue _ from First Page.
George S. Batcbelder, who arrived irom
Washington last night, for a few days
sojourn, was seen by a reporter of the
United Associated Presses to-day relative
_to the dispatches from Washington yes
terday to the effect that lie was being dis
cussed for Secretary of the Treasury in
McKinley's cabinet. General Bacbelder
said he "knew nothing about the matter
except what he had read in the papers
and which had emanated from some of
his many friends in both bouses of Con
gress. He declared that he bad made no
effort to secure an appointment of any
nature, but should the portfolio be ten
dered him he could not afford to decline.
General Bacbelder further said that he
was positive the treasuryshtp would not
go to any one in New York State, because
of tbe very strong feeling among . the
people in the West that no matter who
might be named for the Empire State for
that office he --jjpuld be susceptible to Wall
street interests. .!:•_..•'.->
"For that reason," he added, "the treas
uryship will go elsewhere. I believe
Major McKinley feels that way and I
know General Harrison did."
General Bacbelder will remain here
until next week, wben be will attend the
Bar Association meeting in Albany and
then go to Washington.
BATTLE POB A aEXAIOBSHIP.
Many Dark Horses Onllop Into the
'■'■■'■'•' '"'■ • Illinois Conteit
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Jan. 16.— William
E. Mason and Congressman Lorimer of
Chicago are the leading candidates for
United States Senator. Mason claimed
to-day thqt be had a majority of the Re
publican votes, but his lieutenants fear
that before the party caucus makes a
nomination the machine and Lorimer, its
new favorite, will have won enough mem
bers to prevent Mason's nomination in
caucus.
If this is done there would be an open
fight for the senatorship before the Legis
lature, which must begin Tuesday next
under the constitution, and the story of
the Palmer and Logan deadlocks may
then be repeated.
The retirement of Madden has brought
a string of dark horses into the field in
the hope of finding an opening as a com
promise candidate. The Mason men lay
the influx of new aspirants at the door of
the machine, as a means of keeping dis
tricts tied to favorite sons who would
otherwise joiu in a stampede for Mason.
Among the men brought into the fight
are ex-Governor Fifer, Congressman Joe
Cannon, Albert Hopkins, Walter Reeves,
ex-United States Senator Charles B. Far
well, General John F. McNulta, ex-
Attorney-General Hunt of Chicago and
W. J. Calhoun, who was the leader of the
McKinley forces in the last campaign.
Mr. Calhoun is regarded as the strongest
of the outsiders. _«^
Governor Tanner has not come out
openly for any one, although Lorimer lays
claim to his secret support. The Con
gressman says he has thirty-three Cook
County votes, and that on Monday night
there will be enough county members on
his side to norn nate him.
AS PBIVAIB SECRETARY.
Perry Heath Will S-cnre the Appoint-
merit From Mnjor McKinley^
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.— is
positively stated, upon the authority of
private advices from Canton, that Presi
dent-elect McKinley has settled upon
Perry S. Heath as private secretary. As
James Boyle, who has been McKinley's
secretary ever since the latter whs inau
gurated Governor of Ohio in 1892, is de
sirous to go abroad, he, it is said, leaves
the field, end Mr. Heath remaining unop
posed wiil bear the honors. Mr. Boyle
probably will be sent to Bradford as Con
sul.
Perry Heath was for several "."ears con
nected with the Washington Bureau of
the United Press, now the Un ited Asso
ciated Presses. ,
» — * — »
Seven million pounds is expended on
burials in England yearly.
NEW TO-DAT.
CLEARANCE
SHOE SALE
■*- *' ■" '■*. ■ -»**c : ■ |
We need the room— it will
be our loss— but your gain.
Come early. There are many
big bargains, and you want
the best.
Ladies' Felt Slippers, felt • *.'
soles. Reduced from $1.00 to 50c I
Ladies' Felt Laced Shoes,
feltso.es. need from.sl.so to 75c I
Ladies' Fine Glace Kid ■ J
Laced Shoes, pointed toe* '.'•.-;..
and tip. Reduced fr0m. .52.50 to 81.55 I
Ladies' Fine Glace Kid, but- .: :
ton, pointed toe and tip.
Reducd from $2.50 to 81.50 I
Boys' Calf Button, all sizes
up to No 0. Reduced irom $2.00 to 81.15 I
Men's Calf, bee and Con-
gress. 'R.duced irom. ...$2.50 to 81.50 I
Men's _alf, cork s >le. lace
and Congress. -Reduced - \
_from.. ........ •■-... 53.50 to 88.45 I
Buckinah ■ m & Hechl's $4
Calf Cork-sole, Congress
and Late Shoes. Reduced
t0....... 8325 I
Men's $7 Patent-leather,
hand-sewed and Confess,
plain narrow square toe. .
Reduce i t0. ..v.. ..;....;_; 84 60
Men's $3 Tan Shoes, lace '{
or ' Congress, leu over '2
from last season. Re- 3
duced t0... ."... ....... 02, 10 _
mmmL _______ lj J5J 1 :
738- Market St.
We Do Not Prepay Mall or Ex-
press Charges on the Above Adver-
tised Goods.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
HEBBBB3&EBfIHB3BI^B9S^^^3B&£3
SEW TODAY. _,__'
■THANKFUL
FOR SUCH A
RAPID CURE."
,
Another
Grateful Patient
Testifies.
i^^^fe_
CHARLES SCHILL,
Residing at 263 -Eighth Street, S. F.,
.Relates the Story of His
Cure by
THE STATE
ELECTRO-
INSTITUTE.
T_asTi_vioi<riAiji :
San Fbancisco, Cal., I an. 14, 1897.
I, Charles Schill, aged 30, residing at 262
Eighth street, desire to testify to the benefit
and cure that I have experienced toy treat-
ment at the STATE ELECTRO-MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE, corner of Powell, Market and Eddy
streets.
For four years I have been ailing with ner-
vous debility and heart and stomach trouble,
which greatly hindered me in my work as a
teamster, the business I have pursued for the
past seven years ln San Francisco. I suffered
with pain and oppression of the chest and
stomach, shortness of breath, flatulent dyspep-
sia and palpitation of the heart, and after ex-
ertion would feel weak and nervous. On
January 4, 1897, I app led for treatmfmt at
the INSTiTUTE, where Dr. W. K. Vance made
a careiul physical examination, lound that my
heart and stomach were both disordered. I
was placed under treatment and at once began
to improve rapidly and feel like a new man.
! The doctor applied electricity and prescribed
i certain electric fluids for internal use, also
! magnetic oil for external application. These
! remedies combined nave had a magical effect,
; and now, on January 14, I can truthfully say
that my h -Mlth i* fully restored. I am VERY
THANKFUL FOR SUCH A RAPID CURE,
I whicn enables me to pursue my daily work
without experiencing any exhaustion or wear-
iness. I may add thai I derive decided bene-
' fit from wearing an Electrical waist appliance
prescribed by Dr. Vance.
Signed. CHARLES SCHILL.
This marvelous r electro-medical treat-
ment iB creating a tremendous sensation
among the people of this coast because of
the remarkable cures it is daily effecting,
and for this same reason it is stirring the
medical world as no discovery of recent
years has stirred it. There has not been a
single failure to cure in any case where
the treatment has bein given.
If you are sick or ailing, if yoa want to
know what is the matter with" you, and if
you want to be cured, you should resort
without dflj***- to the State Electro- Medical
Institute. The Institute IJ_EATB AND
CURES Diseases of the Heart, Brain and
Nerves, Hlood Diseases, Rheumatism, Can-
cer, . Catarrh, . Kidney Diseases, Throat
Diseases, Stomach Diseases. Diseases oi the
Liver. Bowel Diseases, Eye Diseases. Ear
Diseases, Diseases of Men, Diseases of Wo-
men, and all Curable Diseases.
$5 BITE FORTH* DISEASES.
WRITE if you cannot call at the In-
stitute, describe your troubles by letter
and the Doctors will advise yoa what to
do. Strictest confidence observed.
STATE ELECTROMEDICAL IXSTITDTE,
Located at the Corner of Market*
Powell and Eddy Streets.
ENTRANCE No. 3 EDDY STREET,
San francisco, Cal.
THE /I s *******"***".
J. M.L. ij;
PRIVATE STOCK iEU .
WHISKEY m
Is Taking the \*w^.
I fit. \M I
Lead. sd^HSL.
■cccwcmm. /VSr V l^.*sBi\.
It is a cure, nnJy|fw|B|ffl|
adulterated wniskey, "c^^^sßKc^JNH)
and is being used by fe __S_npsfls
all fir?t-c!ass saloons |^'_ '-r^'pl7rfr^-'^__2J
and lam. lies. p_______PPPl_Mß
ASK FOR IT. B[f^7^ll4]ffll
JESSE LEVY |£gj«|
CONTROLLERS, KSEESB I •
S!)6_U<;KETST.. i^
San' Franclsca
DR.M-MJLTY.
T.HH w*Er_t-KSOw_* AND rkltable o..t>
A Specialist cures Private, Nervous.Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men oni y. Manly Power restored. Over
30 years' experience. Send tor Book, free, Patients
curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
dally :6:_o to B.3o ev'cs. Snndav(«i,lotol2. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE JIcJII'LTT, M. D..
26.V,' Kearny Street, Man Francisco, Cal.
vrasRSDR. HILL'S RE_..Y.GOUTO!I
Ua-* > E MH Hive hundred reward ior any case we
ISH ■■ cannot, cure, THIS SECRET HEM-
F. _ fe E..Y slops all losses ln 24. hours,
Bhrt *********** cures Emissions, Impotency, Varicoc-
*sTi kvtti eele < Gonorrhoea, Gieet. Fits, Strlo-
iVjJ {UjiJJ lures, Blood Disease and all wasting
sBH? P*__l effects of .-elf- Abase or Excesses.
SK-__«r ___g Scut sealed. $2 per bottle. 1 UKE a}
BOTTLES, -$5: guarantee.! to cure any case,
DX. HALL'S MEDICAL IN_TITUI-__
bba Broadway. Oakland. Cai.
All private diseases! (_ulc__iy cure--, tr " Bn '"- toe
free book.
1 ■« _W^ mt BBcT* ■____■ i fii il SmL.
Pk^B These tiny Capsules are superior
c^\ to Balsam of Copaiba, /^^\J
BY' Cubebsor.njec.ionsandf.WD-f J
_____ CURE IN 4B HOURS v-y
|S__rJ the 6ame diseases without
\^ inconvenience.
. . Sold iv all druggists.
BRUSHES? A "™ "-
-l/IIUVIIbVI bouses, billiard-* tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy.makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, . laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters,. shoe factories, staW*-
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
:- -■- ••--. BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufucturers. 60t» __acl_tmonto.ltARBITRATION TO
DISPLACE ARMS
Seme Germans Pleased
With the Signing of
the New Treaty.
Others Favor Militarism and
Declare That War Advances
Civilization.
Now the Leaders of the Party of the
Center Are Preparing a Most
Obnoxious Law-
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 16. -Outside
of military and Government circles with
the press, the exponents of their views,
the general arbitration treaty just signed
by Great Britain aud the United States is
hailed with delight. The Centrist and
Freissinige newspapers concur in acclaim
ing the treaty as offering the very beat so
lution how to escape from the system of
militarism which is now draining the
lifeblood of Europe and advocate a similar
measure on the part of the Continental
powers. The leading Centrist organ, Ger
mania, predicts that the conclusion of the
Anglo-American treaty will influence the
party of tbe Center, which is now the
strongest party in the Reichstag, in deal
ing with tbe demands of the Imperial
Government for a large increase in the
army estimates for the purpose of aug
menting the artillery and other, branches
of the military service. Pursuing the sub- 1
ject the paper asks why this momentuous
event— the signing of the treaty — cement
ing peace between 110,000,000 of people
ought not to lead to some understanding
between other countries.
The Frankfurter Zeitung is also enthu
siastic over the treaty, which it says will
encourage the friends of peace in Ger
many to exert their energies toward a
general reduction in the armaments of
Europe and to settle all future disputes by
means of arbitration instead of a resort to
arms. The North German Gazette, the
organ of the Government, on tbe other
hand upholds the principle of militarism
and scoffs at the idea of universal peace,
which it characterizes as a mere delusion
of the democracy.
"War." the Zeitung declares, "has been
a great factor in the advance of civiliza
tion. The policy of peace at any price is
degrading. There is a good deal of sham
behind the American and English ex
pressions of mutual sentiments. Both
nations have common concern in angliciz
ing the world, and other nations small in
ducement to follow their example."
The proceedings in the Reichstag this
week have been of the humdrum order.
More than half of the members are still
absent, not having returned from their
holiday vacations, and it has been a very
difficult matter to obtain a quorum in the
Chamber.
The leaders of the party of the Center
are about to introduce a bill similar to the
impracticable Heintze law, which was
dropped after its reference to a committee
of the Reichstag in 1892 because the meas
ure was found to be unworkable. The
new bill provides for the nunishment of
offenses against decency and morality on
the stage and platform and in the columns
of the press, imposine a penalty of a year's
imprisonment and a fine of 1000 marks
upon persons convicted of violation of the
provisions of the act.
Such a law would be an awfal weapon
in the hands of the authorities. Accord
ing to the terms of the proposed measures
as they are now known the bill far ex
ceeds in severity and scope the existing
censorship of the stage, and the powers
conferred upon the police authorities to
dissolve or prevent meetings, yet it is
pretty well understood that the Ministers
are inclined to support the measure.
Deputy Ring, who has been assured of
the support of the Conservative, National,
Liberal and Centrist members of the
Prussian Unterhaus, has given notice of
his intention to introduce a bill in that
body providing for the subjection of all
cattle imported into Germany to one
month's quarantine without reference to
their condition, and to prohibit absolutely
the importation of Russian pigs, dressed
pork and poultry. The proposed measure
also provides for temporary exclusion of
Austro-Hungarian cattle. So far as Rus
sia is concerned the purpose of the pro
posal will be partially balked by the con
vention which has jnst been concluded
between Germany and Russia permitting
Russian pork to be imported into Ger
many after it has undergone inspection.
Dr. Ahiwardt, the notorious Jew baiter,
who spent some months in America upon
an unsuccessful lecturing tour of the
United States, recently caused it to be
announced that he was about to return to
Berlin, but be has not yet arrived. It was
also said that he had sent bis wife the sum
of 650 marks during his absence, but this
report is denied by Frau Ahiwardt, who
declar s that her husband left her and
their children destitute and has not con
tributed a penny to their support since he
went away. Frau Ahiwardt has sent
word to her husband threatening to turn
over hia correspondence in her possession
to his opponents.
The imperial family came to Berlin
from Potsdam on Monday and the season
is now at its height.
Sharp, freezing weather and heavy snow
storms have prevailed during the week
and the rivers are fast being closed by ice.
It is reported that the Czarina, whose
accouchement is expected soon, has been
threatened with premature birth, which,
however, was fortunately averted. _fter
Majesty has been seriously ill, and in con
sequence there were no receptions during
the Russian New Year week. The Czar
ina's physicians say that a long rest with
perfect quiet at Livadia will be necessary
to restore her to health.
General Bronsart yon Schellendorf, late
Minister of War, is paying a visit to Prince
Bismarck, at Friednchsruhe, and the two
veterans walk out together daily. Dr.
Eisenberg, assistant to Dr. Schweninger,
Prince Bismarck's physician, is in attend
ance upon the ex-Chancellor.
TROUBLE IN THE TRANSVAAL
Boers Harass the Uitlanders and Kaffirs
by the Levying of Taxes That
Are Unbearable.
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa, Dec.
10, 1896, Affairs are darkening again and
1 feel sure that we will know more social
disorders before many years have passed
by. The Boers feel their oats, as we
Americans say, and are harassing the
Uitlanders and Kaffirs. One has to pay
18s 6d poll tax and vaccination is compul
sory. For a vaccination certificate you
pay 3s. The laetst imposition and the one
that is giving the most trouble is the of
ficial order that every one must have a
pass to go about the country, and for this
pass must pay 10s. The poor Kaffirs are
having a very hard time of it. They have
to wear a tin tag in plain sight at all times
and in the absence of this tag are arrested
. -..*. .- r 'v-",' ::
and jailed. They are treated worse than
dogs.
The mines are very heavily assessed
and owners are angry and ugly. Last
ye. tbe mines bad to "pay to the Govern
ment nearly half of their output. The
output exceeded $7,000,000. Several mines
have closed down on account of the taxes
and other official charges.
The rinderpest has got among the cattle,
and although thousands upon thousands
of these animals have been killed the dis
ease is still spreading.
In some parts of South Africa a severe
drought prevails and is proving fatal to
the natives. The water supply at this
point is again running short and the water
company is turning off the water from 8
p. M. to 5 a. m. Meat bas advanced in
price and several butcher-shops have
closed.
My experience here during the last two
weeks convinces me that this is a fine
market for California products. Califor
nia dried and canned fruits sell readily
here at profitable prices. I m surprised
that our California merchants have not
worked this market.
JAMAICA FRUIT A PAIZUBE.
American Shippers Bave Little to Pear
in the London Market.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 16.— 1t is apparent
from the ill-fortune that has attended the
shipment of fruit from Jamaica that
American shippers of fruit to England
have little to fear from competition in
that direction. When the merchants of
Jamaica decided to embark in the fruit
trade in the hope of recouping themselves
for the losses sustained through the ruin
ing of the sugar industry they chartered
a steamer and loaded her with oranges
and bananas for England. The whole
cargo spoiled before the vessel had been
many days at sea.
Later another attempt was made with
similar results, the steamer returning to
Kingston after having been compelled to
throw all the fruit overboard. The latest
venture has been equally disastrous. The
fruit arrived here in such bad condition
that all of it was condemned. It is said
that the Jamaica growers are not ac
quainted with the method of picking and
preparing fruit for long sea voyages, and
until they learn this it will be impossible
for them to gain a market here.
Cape Colony's Governor Resigns.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 16.— Lord Rosmead
(whilom Sir Hercules Robinson) when he
left England to return to the Cape was
suffering from Bright's disease. The com
plaint has been aggravated by his resi
dence at the Cape and he asked to be
released from his post as early as possible.
Sir William Hart Dyke or Sir James Fer
guson, both of whom have good official
records, are mentioned to succeed Lord
Rosmead as Governor of Cape Colony and
British High Commissioner in South
Africa.
Xew Honors for Bishop Keane.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 16. — Bishop Keane,
formerly rector of the Catholic University
at Washington, who was recently a_
pointed by tho Pope Bishop Assistant
Pontifical at Rome, has also been made
consular to the Congregation of the
Propaganda. Bishop Keane enjoys the
special favor of the Pope.
LOUD'S POSTAL BILL.
"Coin" Harney Assails the Measure Before
the Committee on Postoffices and
Post roads.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.— A sub
committee of the Senate Committee on
Postoffices and Postroads held an interest
ing hearing this morning on the Loud
postal bill, which, among older things,
raises very materially the rate of postage
on serial publications. Among those who
appeared were: Charles T. Root of the
Textile Publishing Company, New York;
Ernest T. Eilert, president of the Luther
League of America; Alexander J. Wed
derburn of the National Intelligencer;
Mr. Orr of the Agricultural Press League;
Mr. Wheeler of Houghton, Mifflin & Co.,
publishers, and Wilber F. Crofts of the
Reform Bureau, who was against the bill
and declared that he represented the
people. |
Mr. Wedderburn opposed the bill be
cause it was against the farmer, who was
not able to get good literature without the
aid oftbe mail.-;.
Wilber F. Crofts declared the existing
postal laws were nothing but "socialism
for the rich and granted large subsidies
to large industries, compelling the people
to pay the bill."
W. H. (Coin) Harvey said tbat, as a
practical business proposition, it would
not be denied that tbe consumer got the
benefit of all reductions in postage. He
spoke of cheap postaee as being a large
factor in the education of the people, and
contended that the Government paid the
railroads too much for carrying the mails.
It now paid $32,000,000 a year, and this
might, he said, be cu_t in half. The rate
now paid was equivalent to $20 a ton,
which was more than was paid for freight,
a.id. after all, mail matter was nothing
more than fast freight. The spirit be
hind the Loud bill was, Mr. Harvey said,
a danger to public institutions. It was
the first step toward press censorship. If
the man who drew the bill had been
broad-minded he would never have made
such a wholesale stroke at literature as
appears in bis bill.
Mr. Orr of the Agricultural Press, David
Williams of the Trade Journal, Charles T.
Root of New York and E.T . Eilert, prece
dent of the Luther League, spoke in favor
of the bill, and the committee adjourned.
Further hearing will be had.
ASIATIC B QUA J) RON CHANGES.
Its Rendezvous to Be Transferred from
Shanghai to Nagasaki.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.— The
cruiser Detroit, which has been ordered to
return to San Francisco from the Asiatic
station, and the gunboat Yorktown left
Shanghai to-day for Nagasaki, where the
other vessels of the fleet will rendezvous,
in order to send home on the Detroit all
their enlisted men whose terms have ex
pired. The Petrel, now at Mare Island,
will relieve the Detroit and will take out
an extra complement of long-term men
for the fleet.
The flagship San Francisco of the Medi
terranean squadron arrived from Genoa
yesterday.
**■ The coast defense vessels. Monterey and
Monad nock, have reported at Santa Bar
bara, CaL
TO CATC PL* ING BULLETS.
Mme. Herrmann Wilt irv Her Husband's
Marvelous Peat.
. NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 16.— Mme.
Adelaide Herrmann makes the interest
ing announcement that she will signalize
the occasion of the debut of Leon Herr
mann, the nephew and successor of her
husband, by repeating the famous bullet
catching feat, with which her husband,
the late Professor Alexander Herrmann,
created such a sensation. '
She has chosen this manner of in
augurating her career rather than with
the acceptance of a benefit, which her
friends kindly offered her. The evening
chosen for this exhibition of fem__le daring
is January 28. and ibe Metropolitan
Opera-house has be_n secured. Arrange
ments are being made to secure a detach
ment of soldiers who will consent to fire
upon tbe woman. _
Those Green Bay Pishermen Safe.
MENOMINEE, Mich., Jan. 16.— The
fishermen believed to have been in such
great danger yesterday are all safe, having
landed on Green Island at the first stages
of the danger.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
IRELAND PROMISED
NEEDED REFORMS
Taxation Agitation Touched
Upon in the Queen's
Speech.
■■ - .<"■.■'
Members of Parliament Sounded
as to the Best Course
to Pursue.
It Is Certain, However, That Indus
trial Interests cf the Island
Will Be Developed.
LONDON. Eng., Jan. 16.— 1t is under
stood that no part of the Queen's speech,
which will be read at the opening of Par
liament, was more carefully considered
thrtn the part referring to the Irish taxa
tion agitation and to the form of reference
should it be decided to mention the mat
ter. On January 5 the committee of the
Cabinet consulted Earl Cadogan, » Lord
Lieutenant of Ireland, and Gerald Bal
four, Chief Secretary for Ireland, on the
subject, and since then communications
have been constant between the Ministers.
Leading Unionist members of both houses
have been sounded as to the best course
for the Government to take.
The final draft of the speech will be de
cided upon on Thursday, and will be
signed by the Queen in council at Osborne
House, Isle of Wight, the day after. The
Ministers who attend the council will
travel from Victoria station by special
train and will cross to the Isle of Wight
on one of the roy yachts.
The accepted opinion in the ministerial
circle is that if the subject of Irish finan
cial reform be mentioned at all it will be
by indirect allusion in connection with
the Government's measure for the consti
tution of a board of agriculture in Ire
land. This bill, which was fully prepared
months ago, has been before the Cabinet
for revision and is to be redrafted, a sig
nificant fact, suggesting some important
change in its provisions.
The United Associated Presses have ob
tained some authoritative information on
the Government proposals as recast ander
\ pressure of the Irish agitation. The bill,
besides creating the new Irish depart
ment, will empower the board to draw
from the imperial exchequer a large an
nual sum in aid of Irish agriculture and
cognate industries, such as fisheries.
These proposals must fall so lamentably
far short of what is demanded as to justify
tbe Nationalist-Unionist coalition in treat
ing them as a mere installment. The
exact line ot opposition to the Government
to be adopted by the coalition will not be
fixed till after 'the debate on the address
in reply to the Queen's speech has opened,
wnen there will be a conference between
the Nationalist leaders and the members
representing the Irish landlord interests.
An interesting question and an important
one for the Government is how far the
coalition will work together— whether
they will limit their combined action of
Irish finance or go further.
Unionists like Colonel Saunderson can
not be expected to abandon their hostility
to old forms /of home rule, but already it
is known that the Irish Unionists, who
have hitherto opposed all bills introduced
by Nationalists, are ready to relax their
opposition, and on similar Irish questions
to even take united action against the
Government,
Among the foremost Unionist speakers
who support the coalition will be Horace
Plunkett, Colonel Saunderson and Sir Ed
ward Clarke. The latter lawyer-politician
he .as a brief from the Irish landlord in
terests, which would like to get the main
portion of what. may accrue to Ireland
when financial redress is granted. Sir Ed
ward Clarke was offered the post of Solic
itor-General in the Salisbury administra
tion, but refused it. aiming at higher
office. He now rejoices in a free hand,
and takes exasperating views ory Irish
.finance. One of the best debaters in Par
liament, be will give the ministerial side
some trouble. His friends say that disap
pointed ambition has nothing to do with
his present independence of party ties.
TWO ACCIDENTS ON THE RAIL.
Death of Two Farmers at a Crossing
Followed by a Disastrous Express
Train Wreck.
NEWARK, N. J., Jan. 16.— Philadelphia
and Reading local train leaving New
York at 7:30 o'clock p. m. struck and
killed two farmers who were driving across
the tracks at Hopewell, N. J. The acci
dent necessitated a delay of fifteen min
utes, the local then being on the time of
the Philadelphia express train. The local
pulled in a sliding to fix the airbrakes
and then pulled out through the other
end of the switch to the main track. The
express came along at this time at terrific
speed and struck the rear-end of the local
train, upsetting the baggage and mail
car and injuring five trainmen and burn
ing up the mail and baggage cars:
The injured are: Engineer Scale of the
local, injured and leg broken in jumping;
Baggagemaster Ohle of the express, two
ribs broken; Baggagemaster Webster of
the express, slightly hurt; Engineer
Dixon of the express, badly hurt, taken
to hospital at Plain field; Conductor Ash
ton of the local train, hurt internally.
Medical assistance was summonod from
Bound Brook, Hopewell and Kensington.
Tbe names of the two farmers killed can
not be learned.
SENATOR PIATT*. POPULARITY.
Overwhelmed With Congratulatory Tele
tiranis and Letters,
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 16.— Thomas
C. Piatt received scores of telegrams and
letters yesterday congratulating him upon
his nomination to the senatorship, and
many politicians called upon him to con
gratulate him personally. He seemed to
take it all as a matter of coarse. He de
clined to talk about the caucus, but inti
mated that he would probably have some
thing to say after his election. When
a«ked about the rumor that he proposed
to decline the honor he said that it was
''such rot that it is really not worth an
swering."
Piatt's letters and telegrams of congrat
ulation came from ail parts of the State
and from other States. Senator Sewell of
New Jersey, J. Bloat Fassett and ex-Lieu
tenant Governor Saxton were among the
senders. er -__
Miners Elect National Officers,
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 16.— Na
tional Miners' Convention to-day elected
Michael Patchford. of Ohio president.
John Kale, editor of the Mine-workers'
Journal, was elected vice-president and W.
C. Pearee secretary and treasurer (re
elected). The rate of wages was com
pleted and February, 1897, fixed as the
date for it to take effect. It advances the
wages of all mine employes paid by the
day in the same proportion as the wages
of those paid by the ton.
We always get what we're after. We're
after clean tables. We have used the brooms.
The brooms have swept out most eve thing.
Now comes the final work of the brooms.
Tne brooms are used on our finest grades;
not a lot of cheap stuff for cheap-sale pur-
poses, but our fittest you get at half price.
fffissi.,
wm
Some 600 very swell little Reefer Suits, in
blue, awfully swell, with an extra pair of
trousers made with'buckle. at the knee. If
bought singly the suit alone would cost $2.50
and the trousers 75c— 53.25.
We offer you these Suits, for lads between
the ages of 3 and 10, with an extra pair of
trousers, for to-morrow only, at
--$1.95—
If * __3
ft ' ___
iii i
Some SOO 'Ulsters in Shetland Chinchillas,'
in gray, blue and brown ; Long Ulsters with
deep storm collar ; can't tduch 'em in other
stores under $5. In the Sweep at
—$2.50—
The Boys' Hat Dep't
Will present an unusual spectacle to-morrow
morning, a surprising one. We have taken
all our very g choicest Tarn o' Shanters, our
very swellest caps ; wherever there are __ 3, _*
and 1 of a kind, we have cut the price way
beyond recognition. The first comers to-mor-
row morning will have a veritable picnic. _
LADIES' FEDORA HATS.
Monday again in compliment to our lady
friends we will continue that offer of Ladies'
Fedora Hats in pearl, with back bands, in
otter with seal brown trimmings, and two
other shades, what the milliners get $2 for.
As a compliment to our many lady friends,
and in deference to the wishes of those that
could not get to _ the store Saturday to enjoy
that big bargain plum, we will place ; em
again on sale till Monday night at
65 Cents.
MPHAEfS
(Incorporated), \
THAT BIG AND . r {
POPULAR HOUSE.
■•.-;';,;• V-'.* -■'.- sc ._■"■*■ ■•■■:■■ .*■■=*
NEW ■ TO-DAT— CLOTHING.
FLY!
IT'S THE LAST WEEK
The Work Will Be Quick, the Work Will Be
Final. The Price Is Such as Will
Give You Enjoyment.
<r~ , *-*-*-tJjH ! ".-*_ _gf E&k £§__.
_G^_A.__=>_H__^_B3__.'S
aNCORPORATED).
- — -THE FRISCO BOYS—
9, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
The
Final
Sweep !
Takes place in our Men's Suit and Overcoat
rooms Monday. It will be confined exclu- .
sively to high-class garments. Tne cheapest\
stuff has all been swept out. Now we tackle
our finest grades only and we tackle 'em
fiercely. The brooms will do quick and de-
cisive work.
Our pictures on the side shops you some
very fashionable garments ; they're exqui-
sitely tailored garments, comparing favorably
with the highest priced garments turned out
by your exclusive tailor ; they are such gar-
ments as are turned out by your swellest tai-
lor shops here and made for the smart dress-
ers. ■
$8.50
FOR PICK.
The Suits represent everything that is fash-
ionable, everything that is correct for fash-
ionable dressers, every color that is new, every
style that is rich and desirable. They are
suits that we have sold down to a few of a
kind. In Cutaways, in Single-breasted Sacks
and Double-breasted Sacks. The Cutaways
come in those fine Clay Worsteds. You can't
touch 'em in other stores under $15 and $18.
To-morrow in our big Suit Rooms at
$8.50.
Some very handsome ideas in Scotches, with
fly-front vests. Our clothing is stylish and
tip-to-date. We give you the same ideas and
the same style of garments as your swellest
tailor would give you, only we give it to you
at prices that you needn't mortgage your
house and lot to dress stylishly. .
Some real swell ideas in our Suit Depart-
ment to-morrow, garments that you can't
touch in other stores under $15 and $18. We
have sold 'em down to a few of a kind and
you can have 'em to-morrow at
$8.50.
We have some 800 Overcoats which have been
sold down to 4, 3, 9 and 1 of a kind, Over-
coats worth alt the way up to $18. morrow
$8.50.
There's those very exquisite and swell Ker-
seys that are so dressy and suitable to be warn
'■ on all occasions, in blues and blacks. Gar-
ments that you would never think of owning
under $15 and $18. To-morrow in the Sweep
$8.50.
There's that very dressy and swell Box Coat,
made from fine English Covert Cloths in tan
shades, a very swell coat, a coat that you
can't duplicate in this town under $15 and
$18. To-morrow in the Sweep at
$8.50.
The most effective sweeping ever done in this
City ; the cleanest sweeping. The big store's
work is always clean.
The big Kearny-street Store always does
what it promises in print. Hence this month ,
the dullest month in all the year, we're as busy
as bees. The people like our methods.
We have bunched together a lot of ovr
swellest Cape Overcoats, paid no attention to
former price at all. There's blues and grays
among 'em, handsomely braided, for little
fellows between the ages of 3 and 12. Your
pick at
—$1.95—
The way we have knifed our choicest Boys'
and Children's Clothing will prove surprising
to a great many mothers. We have gone about
the wor kin' a v.ry cold-blooded manner, with
the firm determination of cleaning our tables
of all lines of goods that have sold down to
4, 3, S and 1 of a kind. Half price on a
great many of 'em and even less than that on
some. We can't hope to tell you all the good
things in print as it would take pages.
, Our picture above shows you a very clever
Overcoat for young men, in Black Cheviot,
with velvet collar, very cleverly tailored, ,a
garment that you couldn't touch' in any other
store in this town under $8 or $10 ; for young
men between the ages of IS and 19.
In the Sweep at
—$4.95—
Men's Underwear Dep't.
' Aside from the many attractions that our
Underwear Department offers Monday, the
one that stands out pre-eminently is a line of
those very tine high-class Balbriggan Winter
weight Shirts ' and Drawers. They're excel-
lently finished garments and a class of goods
you can't touch in other stores under 75c.
Monday we offer 'em at
35c per darment.
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
KINGPINS
FOR OVERCOATS.
3no_textno_text4
LEADVILLE FACES
A GRAVE CRISIS
The Carbonate Hill Mines
Being Stripped of
Their Pumps.
Miles of Workings Will Then
Be Flooded and Operations
Must Cease. .
Settlement of the Strike Is Now a
Secondary Question—Merchants
in Despair.
LEAD VILLE, Colo., Jan. 16. — The
crisis in the troubles which Leaaville has
undergone since last June have been
reached and a clamity far worse than the
■jixlke of the metallic miners here has
(Overtaken the camp. For the first time
in fifteen [[years the immense pumps that
have drained the big mines on Carbonate
Hill, the wealth centers of Leadville, are
closed completely, having been entirely
pulled out, while the pipe lines connect
ing are to be removed at once.
The Maid Henriette pumps had a ca
pacity Of 1300 gallons of water a minute,
and depending upon them were nearly all
the groat mines of Carbonate HilL Two
day9ago f os stated in these dispatches, men
were put to work pulling out the pumps,
iut so serious was the undertaking that
people here were loth to believe that the
intention would be really carried out
To-day there can be no doubt, for the
pumps have been so far taken but that to
put them back would be to go all over the
ground again.
How long the mines affected by this
move can hold out is merely a matter for
conjecture. There are miles of workings
on Carbonate Hill and these will prob
ably fill up slowly, so that the down town
workings may not be reached by the rush
Of waters for a month or two. It is, bow
ever, only a question of time, and a month
would undoubtedly find many mineß idle
as a result of the flood.
It Ib of little consequence now whether
the strike is settled or not, as no one has
anything to gain by a settlement. It will
be many months before there will be em
ployment for new men in the camp.
Merchants feel gloomy and all acknowl
edge that Leadville faces the most serious
crisis in its history.
Nothing definite looking toward a set
tlement of the strike has yet been arrived
at. Debs, is hopeful and the Miners'
Union is inclined to give in considerably
to-day.
The Governor will say nothing on the
situation, but maintains that something
must be done and that no one should lay
a thing in the way of settlement. He is
still hearing the views of leading citizens
on tbe question, and both he and the
managers approve of the position Debs
has taken on the situation.
Some men express the opinion that the
strike will be settled by Monday and
others take an opposite view. Debs is
optimistic. He is hopeful of a favorable
turn and says that with an amicable ad
justment of the strike the bitterness of the
present will be forgotten in six months.
He is certainly the strongest character
for good that has yet interested himself to
a settlement.
The men held for the murder of Patrick
Carney were to-day bound over to the
District Court to await trial without bonds.
QUARANTINE AGREEMENT.
Secretary Morton and the Canadian Min
ister of Agriculture Arrive at an
Understanding.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.—
agreement between the Secretary of Agri
culture and the Canadian Minister of Ag
riculture relating to quarantine of animals
between the United States and Canada
provides that:
Each country shall accept the veterinary
certificates of the other.
The chief of the bureau of animal Industry
and the chief inspector of stock for Canada
shall mutually inform one another of any out
break of contagious animal disease in either
country or of disease in animals imported
from either country.
A ninety-day quarantine shall be enforced
by both countries upon all cattle Imported
from Europe, or from any other country
where contagious pleuro-pneumonia Is known
to exist; a fifteen-day quarantine shall be en
forced upon all ruminants and swine Imported
from countries in which foot and mouth
disease has existed within six months and
upon all swine imported from all other coun
tries.
Breeding cattle admitted into this country
must be accompanied by a certificate that
they have been sounded as to the tuberculin
test and found free from tuberculosis; other
wise they shall be detained in quarantine one
week ana subjected to the tuberculin test. All
cattle found with tuberculosis must be re
turned to the country whence shipped or
slaughtered without compensation.
Cattle for feeding or stocking ranches must
be accompanied by a certificate showing that
they are free from any contagious disease ,
and that (excepting tuberculosis) no such dis
ease exists in the district whence they came.
Cattle in transit will be admitted at any
port in the United States and Canada in bond
'for exportation by sea from any Canadian
port, or from Portland, Boston and New York
in the United States.
No animals covered by thia memorandum
may be placed on board cars till the litter
from previous loads has been removed and the
car thoroughly cleaned and disinfected. In
spectors may cause such work to be done at
the expense of the railway company or pro
hibit the use of the cars until 11 Is done.
Sheep may be admitted subject to inspection
at port of entry and accompanied by official
certificate that sheepscab has not existed in
the district where they have been fed within
six months. *
If disease exists in any of them they may be
returned or slaughtered. Sheep may be ad
mitted for transit in bond from one port to an
other in either country, and if for slaughter
they may be admitted without inspection.
They may be admitted Into either country for
transit to any .shipping port in Canada for ex
port by sea or the United States for export
Irom Portland, Boston and New York.
Swine may be admitted without inspection
for slaughter, in bonded cars to bonded slaugh
ter-houses, or when forming part of a settler's
effects and accompanied by a certificate that
swine plague or nog-cholera has not existed
within six months in the district whence they
came. Lacking such certificate they must be
Inspected at port of entry, and if diseased
will be slaughtered withou compensation.
.Horses may be admitted in bond from one
port to another in either country without In
spection at the shipping port. Horses may be
admitted for racing, show or breeding pur
poses on inspection at port of entry. ' Horses
may be admitted for temporary stay, teaming
or pleasure driving at points along the fron
tier for a period not exceeding one week at
port of entry upon permit of a customs officer.
Should he observe any evidence of disease
he will detain the animals and report to the
district inspector, and decide whether the
animals may be admitted; and horses used
for driving or riding to or from points in Man
itoba, Northwest Territories or British Colum
bia on business connected with stock-raising
or' mining, and horses belonging to Indian
tribes may be admitted by inspection, but
must report ■to customs officers both going
and coming. -. Under all circumstances horses
must bo inspected at port of entry. * •
.
>..._•• Senator Harris and Wife 111.
WASHINGTON, D.' C, Jan. 18.— Sena-'
tor Isham G. Harris of Tennessee has re
ceived a telegram stating that his wife is
seriously ill at Paris, Term., and advising
him to come at once. . The Senator' him
self, who is 79 years of age,
has been for some time in such
condition of failing health as to arouse the
affectionate sympathies of his friends. He
has been confined to hi_i room for over a
week, but left for Tennessee this afternoon
accompanied by his son, Edward Harris.
GUNBOAT ORDERED TO BANGKOK.
Wounding of a United States Consul by
Siamese Soldiers Is Said to
Be the Cause.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., Jan. 16.—
gunboat Machias left Canton for Bangkok,
Siam, this morning in obedience to cable
orders from Secretary Herbert "to protect
American interests." The distance is
about 2000 miles, and the Machias should
reach her destination in about a week.
The State Department declined to di
vulge the character of the information
which it has received from Bangkok
which causes the sudden dispatch of a
warship to the scene, but there- is no
doubt that the attack on United States
Vice-Consul Edward B. Kellert by Siam
ese soldiers is at the bottom of it _*-
Press dispatches three weeks aeo an
nounced that Mr. Kellert, who is an un
paid official* appointed by Minister and
Consul-General Barrett two years ago, had
been fired upon and wounded by Siamese
soldiers. It was impossible to confirm
this news at tbe State Department at the
time, but it was explained there that Mr.
Kellert had a right to engage in trade, and
possibly some personal affair of his own
had led to his arrest by local authorities.
To-day it is learned that for some time
litigation has been in progress over the
estate of an American named Cheek, who
held a valuable teak concession from the
Siamese Government.
This had been highly remunerative dur
ing Cheek's lifetime, but when after his
death lt became advisable to wind up his
estate the Siamese Government stepped in
and took measures to prevent the sale of a
number of elephants he had raised and
emploped in getting out the timber.
It is also said that Kellert was the exec
utor of the. estate or the agent of the
heirs, and his activity in their behalf had
probably led to friction with the Siamese
authorities, . who overstepped the usual
legal methods in trying to get rid of him.
No American ' warship has been to Bang
kok for about seven years, and while
Minister Barrett has been well received
there, the Siamese have not as much re
spect for the American flag as for that of
either Great Britain or France.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Senator Perkins and Mayor Phelan Shake
Hands Over the Prospect for Fore
closure — Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.— Senator
Perkins to-day wired to James D. Phelan:
I am informed that the Attorney-General
has full power to institute foreclosure suits
against the Pacific railroads and this action
must result in great benefit to California. The
prospects for the passage of the Nicaragua
canal bill are excellent also.
Both Senators White and Perkins will
oppose the Harrison bill for a Pacific rail
road commission. Senator White is deter
mined that it snail not pass the Senate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.— Mrs. E.
M. Edwards was to-day appointed post
mistress at Olinda, Shasta County, Cal.,
vice R. T. Edwards, deceased.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
California: Original James B. John
ston, Los Angeles; Myron Cowing, Va
iejo; Augustus H. Moore, Veterans'
Home, Napa; Manuel Stevens, San Jose;
Joseph H. Wythes, Oakland. Increase —
Charles H. Giles, San Francisco Sylvester
Clement, Los Angeles; James R. Berry,
Repressa; William L. Brown, Tustin.
Original widows — Helen M. Lewis, Santa
Monica. Renewal — Minor of Jacob
Briefer, Tia Juana.
Oregon: Original— M. Wilson,
Myrtle Point; Charles P. Cottrell, Med
ford; John F. Kletscb, Roseburg.
WILL COME ON A MAIL STEAMER.
No Available Warship to Bring Over
Minister Willis' Remains.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., Jan. 16.— The
State Department only this morning re
ceived official news of the death of Min
ister Willis and that in the briefest of
telegrams. Usually when a man-of-war
is available the remains of a Minister
dying abroad are placed on board the
warship and brought home in state. The
only United States vessel now in the
harbor of Honolulu is the old-fashioned
corvette Alert, of 500 horsepower, with
a single screw and of only 1020 tonnage.
It would take her at least fifteen days to
make the voyage from Honolulu to San
Francisco and she has no accommodations
suitable for the comfort of the deceased
Minister's family, consisting of his widow
and his only son. The family, it is under
stood, distinctly preferred that the body
should be transported by the regular
mail steamer, which was to leave Hono
lulu on the 13th of January. and is due in
San Francisco on January 20. There is no
doubt that this course Has been taken.
In view of the broad divergence of views
between the President and Congress on
the Hawaiian question, it is altogether
probable that President Cleveland will
leave the appointment of Minister Willis*
successor to President-elect McKinley.
TO AID INDIA'S STARTING.
Relief Measures Adopted at a Large
Meeting in London.
LONDON, Eng. , Jan. 16.— A large meet
ing was held at the Mansion House to-day
for the purpose of furthering the work of
aiding the sufferers by the famine in India.
The Lord Mayor, George Faudel Phillips,
presided. v'.;V_{.
Among those present were Lord George
Hamilton, Secretary .of State for India .
the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Con
naught and George N. Curzon, Under-Sec
retary for Foreign Affairs.' A resolution
declaring it to be a public duty to promote
the work of extending the measures
for relief was offered by the
Duke of Conn aught, whereupon an
attempt was made by the socialist
leader Hyndman to move an amendment
deprecating the . measures of ; relief for
India in view of the distress in England.
The Lord Mayor refused to listen to Hynd
man, but he persisted: in his attempt to
move bis amendment and he was put out
of the hall amid applause. The resolution
of the Duke of Connaught was adopted.
South Dakota's Struggle.
PIERRE, 8. D., Jan. 10.— Two caucuses
were taxen to-night on Senator. 'The
Democrats nominated I. A. Weeks of Kim
ball. The silver men, including two
Democrats, held a caucus and adjourned
after five ballots, to meet Monday even
ing. The results of the ballots were:
First— Kyle 28, Loucks 14, Plowman 10,
Goodykoontz 7, scattering 2. Second
Kyle "27. Loucks 16, Plow m n 11, Goody
koontz 7.
On the third and fourth ballots Kyle
lost strength and Plowman and Goody
koontz gained, Loucks holding . his
strength, Kyle gained on the fifth, Loucks
lost, leaving the ': vote: Kyle '. 29, , Loucks
12, /Plowman 11, Goodykoontz 9. The
rule adopted takes 42 to nominate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; JANUARY 17, 1897.
HOLOCAUST AT AN
ORPHAN ASYLUM
Nineteen Children Perish
and Six Are Badly
Burned.
Piercing Shrieks as the Flames
Envelop the Slumbering
Little Ones.
Heroic Work of the Matron, Who
Lost Her Own Offspring in
* Saving Others.
DALLAS, Texas, Jan. 16.— Fire com
pletely destroyed the Buckners Orphans'
Home, near here, errly this morning.
Sixteen children were cremated and nine
injured, three of them fatally. The deed
are: Bertie Britton, 12 years old; Martin
and Milton Britton, twins, 10 years; Car
los Jones, 6 years; Willie Richards, 9
years; Grover Cleveland Yarborough,l2
years; Oscar Jackson, 12 years; Preston
Kribles, 12 years; William Miller, 7 years;
Virgie Nelson, 9 years; Nelson Black, 9
years; Richard Marks, 9 years; Arthur
W. Edwards, 12 years; Oscar Coward, 7
years, and Charles Bannon, 13 years.
The injured are: Dick Richards, 10
years, fatally; Dannie Gray, 6 years,
fatally; Charles Friend, 10 years, fatally;
Sadie Britton, 18 years; Bennie Ware, 8
years; Samuel Henderson, 11 years; Earl
Doodle, 7 years; James Scott, 8 years, and
Frank Cheffln, 7 years.
The fire was discovered about midnight.
Mrs. Britton, the boys' matron, had been
in bed some time when she was awakened
by a smell of smoke. She jumped to the
floor and found it so hot that she could
not stand upon it, and immediately raised
the cry of fire. The attaches were hastily
aroused and sent in all directions to
awaken the children. In her anxiety for
the safety of the inmates Mrs. Britton
forgot her own children, and after frantic
efforts at rescue they were burned to
death.
Before Mrs. Britton retired for the nignt
she had the boys clean out and prepare a
stove in the room just under her for the
morning fire.
She then sent one of the large boys to
see if the work had been carefully done.
He replied that it was, but it is thought
live coals were scattered on the carpet
near the stove and this caused the holo
caust. The building was of wood and the
fire spread, with great rapidity. The chil
dren were hastily aroused and hurried
from the building wrapped in their night
clothes and bod-quilts. All were badly
frightened and when the shrieks of those
who were being cremated in ' the roaring
mass of flames reached their ears they
became almost unmanageable, and were
with difficulty prevented from rushing
into the fire in an attempt at rescue. ■.._.•*•■'.
The building was soon destroyed and at
daylight the work ol searching the ruins
was taken up. All the children were ac
counted for by noon. The home was ten
miles from Dallas and it would have been
impossible to get aid out in time had it
been asked for. The matter will be inves
tigated. ' .
BUCKEYES' ANNUAL BANQUET.
Many Distinguished Men Gather About
Delmonico's Festive Board and Toast
Each Other.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan, 16.— Ohio
Society gave its eleventh annual dinner
this evening at Delmonico's.
General Henry L. Burnett, presi
dent of the society, presided, while
about him partaking of . "Buckeye"
cheer and hospitality sat Gover
nor Asa Bushnell of Ohio, United States
Senator Joseph R. Hawley of Connecticut,
General Horace Porter, Justice Charles H.
Truax, United States Senator Calvin S.
Brice of Ohio, Hon. Charles H. Grosvenor
of Ohio, Dr. Samuel A. Elliott, General
Wager Swayne, Hon, James A. Hoyt,
Bellmay Storer, Hon. George R. Blanch
ard, Hon. R. W. Taylor, ln all 130 covers
were laid around six tables.
Among others present were Mayor
Strong, the former president of the society;
General Anson G. McCook, the city cham
berlain ; ex-Governor Beaver of Pennsyl
vania, ex-Governors Levi P. Morton and
Roswell P. Flower of New fork, Mayor
Wuerster of Brooklyn, Hon. Everett P.
Wheeler and Hon. Cornelius Bliss.
Governor Bushnell of Ohio was intro
duced as the first speaker. Governor
Bushnell said that the Ohio man had
great trouble to escape the . Presidential
lightning ana that every Buckeye, as a
consequence, had to carry a lightning-rod
with him. He was glad that Ohio had
for her Governor a son of New York, and
pointed that his proudest feather was that
of his birthplace, Canterbury Hill, Rome,
N. Y.
"You've had a President for four years,
now you'll have one of ours for four
years," said the Governor.
Senator Hawley came n6xt and was fol
lowed by Dr. Elliott and James H. Hoyt.
Congressman Charles H. Grosvenor spoke
briefly, and General Horace Porter con
cluded the speaking.
SMASHED FIT Z ON THE NOSE.
A Plucky Newsboy Causes the Pugilist to
Be Drubbed by a Crowd in a
Saloon.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Jan. 16.— After" the
performance at Hyde & Rehman's Thea
ter this evening, Bob Fitzsimmons, with
some friends, went to a near-by saloon,
where they drank quite freely.
At midnight an 18-year-old newsboy
with a bundle of papers undor his arm
entered the place. Fitzsimmons grabbed
the papers from the boy and called him a
vile name. The ■ lad turned and smashed
Fitz on the nose. Fitz star \in to beat
the boy- The crowd interfered and
whipped Fitz. .The lights were turned off
and the police were called. Fitz is now
locked in the saloon awaiting the arrival
of the police.
MERE BUNCOMBE.
What the Siamese Consul-General at
. .. - New York Says.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 16.-Isaac
Townsend .. Smith, ;, Siamese Consul-Gen
eral at New, York, when shown a copy of
the Washington dispatch regarding the
sending of the gunboat Machias to Bang
kok, Siam, "to protect American inter
ests," said he did not 'attach any im
portance to the action. '
."'"Dispatches from Siam about the attack
on f Vice-Consul Kellert," said '• he, "are
newspaper sensations. ".The whole affair,
in my opinion, is mere buncombe. ;, If the
situation is at all serious the Siamese Gov- (
ernment would have communicated with
me officially before this. I have not re
ceived a word from them on the subject."
Lively Riot in Georgia.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 16.—A special from
Fort Valley, Ga., says: Fort Valley was
thrown' into a fever of excitement this aft
ernoon when a message was received from
Byron, Ga., asking for assistance, as there
was a riot on, and unless assistance was
obtained a good many people would be
killed.
Since then nothing has been heard, as
the telegraph office at Byron iB closed.
Among the wounded are.C. C. Richard
son, Caleb Bateman and Charles Bate
man. The row started with the above
men and was joined in by others. Sheriff
Cooper has gone to the scene.
The Wheeling and Lake Erie Trouble.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 16.— President
Blair of the Wheeling and Lake Erie
Railway Company made a statement to
day in reference to the appointment of re-'
ceivers, saying that the difficulties of the
company were the result chiefly of low
rates in the bituminous coal traffic, which
comprises more than half the company's'
tonnage.' Strikes and bank failures did
the rest. The property, however, is in ex
cellent condition and the interest on the
bonded debt is puntually paid.
EVERHART DEFEATS ERNST.
The Brooklyn Boy Goes Out in the Twelfth
Round— Guyed by the Spectators
at the Outset.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 16.-Jack
Everhart of New Orleans knocked out
Billy Ernst of Brooklyn in the twelfth
round of their battle at the Broadway
Athletic Club to-night. The bout, was to
have gone fifteen rounds, but Everhart
settled the matter with a right on the jaw
in the twelfth. The Southerner had the
best of it from the time they started
fighting In earnest, which was in tbe
fourth round. He punched Ernst badly
and the Brooklyn boy's features were un
pleasantly decorated.
The battle was near being a fizzle, as
Ernst refused to go on for a deceision.
When the crowd heard this announce
ment they guyed the fighters unmerci
fully during the tame work of the first
three rounds. Then ■ the management
made the announcement at the end of the
third round that Referee Dick Roche
would give a decision whether Ernst liked
it or not The Rattle took a different tone
then and the crowd was satisfied. The
bout attracted 2000 sporting men to the
club. ££'■'?".
Everhart was handled by Dan Creedon
and Tommy White, while Ernst was looked
after by Dan Gallagher and Joe Burke.
The first round was devoted to rather tame
sparring, and the audience expressed its
disgust by whistling "Home, Sweet
Home" in chorus.
The second and third rounds were fairly
fast, but did not suit the crowd. Then
Manager O'Rourke got into the ring and
announced that there would be a deci
sion. Ernst objected, but Everhart was
willing to go for a decision. The men got
to work on level time. Both swung on the
neck and mixed it up at close quarters,
Ernst landing a great left swing on the
neck as the bell rang..
In the fifth round Everhart put both
hands hard on the body several times and
swung a couple of hard lefts on the neck.
Ernst was very wide with wild swings for
the jaw. ' .
The sixth round was uneventful. Ever
hart .was not putting up his usual fight;
Everhart opened the seventh with a
corking left on the mouth and forced the
fighting in a lively style. Ho shoved his
left into Ernst's face and got away. With
a series of left-hand swings on Ernst's
face Everhart made Ernst's nose swell
and raised a "mouse" over his left eye.
Everhart swung right and left in the
next, driving his man to the ropes a cou
ple of times and drawing' the blood from
the Brooklyn boy's nose. Ernst retaliated
with a couple of bard swings on the jaw
and face. Ernst's left eye was nearly
closed.
They exchanged some hard body blows
in the tenth and Ernst's nose bled.
Ernst showed well in the next and had
the best of the round. The Brooklyn
boy's face was badly swollen.
Everhart rushed at his man like s tiger
in the twelfth and pounded him hard with
both hands, splitting the Brooklynite's
lips. Then Jack got in a fearful right
swing, which caught Ernst on the jaw and
Bent him to the floor. It was a clean
knockdown. Ernst was unable to rise and
was counted out. The round lasted 1
minute and 56 seconds.
♦
George Dixon and Prank Erne Matched.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. George
Dixon of Boston and Frank Erne of Buf
falo were to-day signed to meet in a six
round contest before the Quaker City Ath
letic Club of Philadelphia on Monday
evening, February L They will weigh in
at 124 pounds on the afternoon of the con
test, at 3 o'clock.
Ao Decision Rendered.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 16.—
Walcott, the colored welter-weight, and
Bobby Dobbs of this ' city, also colored,
met in a six-round bout at the Southwark
Athletic Club to-night. No decision was
rendered, but Walcott had slightly the
better of the contest.
DEMANDS AN EXPLANATION,
Congressman Money Does Not Relish the
Statement of General Lee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 16.— "1 de
sire to know whether or not the denial of
my statement to Secretary Olney on your
behalf was authorized by you. I have
always regarded you as a gentleman, and
as lam not accustomed to having the lie
given. to my statements, I desire an ex
planation." . .f_i_s|jf
This, if not the exact language, Is at
least close to the words employed in a let
ter which Congressman Money of Missis
sippi has sent to Consul-General Lee. The
difference between the two grows out of
the statement made by Congressman
Money to Secretary Olney as coming from
General Lee, which was to the effect that
since his return to Cuba General Lee was
more than ever convinced that the Span
ish would never be able to put down the
rebellion.
The publication of this important piece
of information was followed afterward by
a denial purporting to have come • from
General Lee that he had ever given Con
gressman Money any such message for Sec
retary Olney as Mr. Money delivered.
The publication of the denial has angered
Mr. Money, and he is . determined to have
an explanation. He. has stated to his
friends that his personal character and
official position will . not permit _ him to
stand branded as having uttered a false
hood in such an important matter as that
of a message from the Consul-General to
Cuba : to. the Secretary of State of . the
United States. ;/;_
Notable Deaths.
: NEWBURGH, N. V., ; Jan. 16.— Hon.
Joel. T. Headley, historian and ex-Secre
tary of State of New York, died here this
morning. .
.. COLOGNE. Germany, : Jan. 16.-Wi_
liam D. Warner, United ' States; Consul at
this place, is dead. " ' '*... " * '- "*
SPEAKER CRISP'S
MEMORY HONORED
The House Devotes a Day
to Eulogies of the Dead
Statesman.
A Large Assemblage -Listens
With Interest to Obituary
Eloquence.
De Arraond of Missouri Strays From
the Beaten Path and Discourses
on the Future Life.
WASHII.GTON, D. C, Jan. 16.—
House to-day, in accordance with an order
entered some weeks ago, turned aside
from the consideration of public business
and listened to eulogies upon the life and
services of the late ex-Bpea__er, Charles F.
Crisp of Georgia. The occasion was
marked by an unusually large attendance
of members, while the galleries were filled
by auditors, who listened with interest to
the obituary eloquence.
Tributes were paid to the deceased by
Representatives Henderson (R.) of lowa,
Catchings (D.) of Mississippi, Dalzell (R.)
of Pennsylvania, Richardson (D.) of Ten
nessee, Bartlett (D.) of Georgia, McMillin
(D.) of Tennessee, (Jammings (D.) of New
York, Hermann (R.) of Oregon, De Ar
mond (D.) of Missouri, Dinsmore (D.) of
Arkansas, Buck (D.) of Louisiana, Cooper
(D.) of Florida, Swanson (D.) of Virginia,
Lacey (R.) of lowa, Bell (Pop.) of Colo
rado, Wheeler (D.) of Alabama, Wood
ward (D.) of North Carolina, Layton (D.)
of Ohio, McLaurin (D.) of South Carolina,
McCreary (D.) of Kentucky, Wellington
(R.) of Maryland, Tate (D.) of Georgia,
Livingston (D.) of Georgia, Lawson (D.)
of Georgia and Morse (R.) of Massa
chusetts.
While the eulogies were being delivered
Speaker Reed called to the chair tem
porarily Richardson of Tennessee, who
was Speaker pro tern. under the adminis
tration ol Speaker Crisp, the first instance
in the present Congress where a Democrat
has been asked to preside over the deliber
ations of the House.
In concluding his remarks Judge De Ar
mond of Missouri departed somewhat
from the beaten path of such discourses
and considered the future of the departed,
saying:
His spirit, where? Has its existence ter
minated with the existence of the body?
Whatever philosophy may say, man rebels at
the thought. The hope, sometimes clung to
ln desperation, sometimes clung to "In bright
est anticipations, that there is a hereafter, and
that men live In that hereafter, none of us will
give up. * The philosophy of ages of calm reas
oning cannot banish it. It springs as an in
heritance of humanity, as an instinct in the
soul of every being that breathes.
We believe— hopes, our affections, all
that we hold near and dear in life admonish
us to believe, and constrain us to believe— that
our friend has not perished, but in a higher
and nobler sphere this great Intellect, this
great, loving spirit will flourish and expand,
and. achieve new and perform new acts of
glory and of grace.
Before entering upon the execution of
PULL ffIJOTMT
.** l V>*-_a\ .*'' f "-*****^ **"_'?*^
____... w «^^^
p Did you ever accept 8
Ci half a dollar from afl Iff
S man when he squarely I
_ and fairly should have I
| given you a dollar If fl
| he owes you money I
I you find a way to com- 1 ■
I pel him to pay it. Yet fl /J
( you owe a duty to your- | •*-*■
' selfthatyou don't even .
I recognize.' Not being !
L" able to get half the I m
i pleasure out of life | Ji
I that you were intended J.
I to have, and which
\ most surely is ■
v I YOURS BY RIGHT, 0
Ll is
B Every time you have j
fl those bad dreams, those
_ fl fainting spells, those i
I] B cold sweats, those hard 1 ;
ll fl headaches, those, nerv- jj, i
I ous and "all-gone" !
fl feelings one says \
fl for itself, "Here is a j
J\ man that only gets half ( m
fl the pleasure in life that ! fl
fl is due him." Whose *
I fault is it now? It is j
B your own ! Ever since
Oil the great discovery of \ ■«■
11 I Hudyan — a perfectly ! 1
y fl harmless and yet an j 1
I all-powerful remedy for \
fl all classes of weakness j
fl and nervous debility— |
VI you have had no excuse * Cl
| for not being a whole \ |j
\ man, and a man -who ;_,'•*.
j 3 is able to enjoy ail the \
... i gifts of nature. If you jj
M don't already know all I .in j
I about Hudyan and you fl lj
... [ suffer, write to or call B *-"■ j
• \on the doctors of the fl " . i
; , ' great Hudson Medical ,
E\ Institute at. the corner _ i
of Market, Stockton and ; I
;'. Ellis. streets, and they i 1
j will give you, free of '\
■ charge, scores and hun- )
\ dreds ,of testimonials |
Ij ! about the greatest of \ T} \
'■\-.\ all remedies. Never j '\Vi
[ mind how ill you are, | > |
! they will cure you sure, j
THAT SATISFIES!
the order of the day the House passed two
or three private bills, also one authorizing
the Columbia;. and Red Valley Railroad
Company to build a bridge across the
Columbia River in Washington.
At 6 o'clock the House adjourned.
Consuls Recognized.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 18.— The
President has granted exequaturs to the
following Consular officers of the • Greater
Republic of Central America: Nicaro '
Bolet Prasa, Consul-General at New York;
Ernest Schernikow, Consul at New York;
Eustorgio Calderon, Consul-General at
San Francisco ; Monico Cordova, Consul-
General at New Orleans; Victor. J. Botto,
Consul at New Orleans, and Jose M. Bres
ler, Consul at Detroit. The President has
NEW TO-DAY.
Irak VALLIE ' " " $,5,0 °
1 Was Saved -- ■ 9.35
LtJ/I '■ PRICE - $5.65
A Week of Wrecked Prices.
We have taken 1000 All-Wool Men's Suits and Overcoats,
regularly sold at $15, and marked them down to $5 65.
The Suits are Single and Double Breasted Sacks in Chev-
iots, Tweeds and Cassimeres. . All Wool, dyed in good
strong colors, warranted not to fade, closely woven double-
and-t wist thread. No better goods for wear made. Made
in latest correct styles, wide collars and lapels, silk sewed,
pockets strengthened with linen stays, hard bone and horn
buttons.
*** The Overcoats are very fine All-Wool Blue Kersey and
light Meltons, superior cloth of fine finish. Handsomely
tailored.
Money refunded if not satisfactory. Kept in repair one
year free of charge.
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(Columbian Woolen Mills),
541 Market Street,
•*■* *' . .
. - ''. Directly Opposite Sansome.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
SOI Till. * "PACIFIC COJIPAKT. ,
(PACIFIO SYSTEM.)
Trains leave and are dne to arrive at
■AN FKANCISCO.
ij__v_ — Fmex Jajto-asy 1, 1897. — ARMTI
*8:0* a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations . . . B*4B a
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogden and Ea&t.. Bi4-P
7:00 a Benida, Vacaville, Rumsey. Sacra-
mento. Ororille and Redding via
Davis ' «.48p
7iSoa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6.10-"
8:80 a Niles, Sau Jose, Stockton, lone,
"f. Sacramento, " Marystllle, Chico,
Tehama and Red Bluff -4:1 Br
•8:30 a Peters and Milton ; "_-13p
•:00a New Orleans Express, Raymond (for
Yossmite), Fresno, , Bakersfield. .
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles, Dem*
iug, El Paso, New Orleans and
East.....'. C 4:4..p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:l.*»p
8:00 a Vallejo 6:15p
Niles, San Jose, Livermore and.
Stockton 7:15p
•1:OOp Sacramento River Steamers... "9:00p
I.OOp Niles, San Jose and Livermore 8:43 a
, 1 : :» Or Port Costa and Way Stations t*?'*3p
4:00p Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and I
Santa Rosa 9.18 a
4:00p Benioia, Vacaville, Woodlan<__ ;
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
ville and Sacrameuto 11:13 a
4iBop Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto, Mer-
ced and Fresno, going via Niles,
returning via Martinez 11:43 a
BiOOp Los Angeles Express, Tracy,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles 10:43 a
SiOOp Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavs and East. ....'. 10:43 a
: 9:00 p European Mail, Ogden and East.,.. 9:43 a*
6:00p llaywards, Niles San Jose 7:43 a
} 7:00r Vallejo '7.45'»
, 7ioop Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys- '
ville, Red-Hug, - Portland, Puget
Sound and East 11:13.4
*_*10:0#p "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, Bl Paso, New Orleans
and East.... ...§l»_4Bp
SANTA CUV A DIVISION (Narrow (dange).
■il3a Newark, CeulerviUe.San.loge.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 8. ".0p
■MM* Newark. Centcrville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations..... «11»80a
4:15 Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos . . . 9:30 a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations .7.20?
COAST 1.l VISION (Third .1 Townsend Sto.)
6:43 a San Jose aud Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) llSO*
8:13 a San Jose, Tres I'lnos, Santa Cruz. ,
:.-•'."-' Pacilio Grove, Paso Robles, San '
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Sun and
Principal Way Stations 7:00p
10:40 a Sau Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... S:00p
11:_Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 8:30?
*S:3or San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and PaclficGrove *10:40 A
*8:HOp San Jose and Way Stations ........ 9:45 a
•4:30p San Jose aud Way Stations *8:03 a
3:30 p Sa. . Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:43 a
* 6:30 p San Jose and Way Stations '-' C::i..\
j11:45p San Jose and Way Stations. '■7:45p
SAX LEANDRO AND HAIWARUS LOCAL. "
i*6:OOA " " 7 7?15a
SiOtlA. I . t9:4.*_A
iS.oSa Melrose, Seminary Park,: %>:***
'"•Sop . WW*"*, San Leandro **:;«•£
4:«0P Bt"* 1 -I $%z
XI : Hav-rard,. * «:13p
7jOOp . g;43p
0-oop i Runs through to Niles. iolbop
t,H:I3pJ * From Niles. [ ■fiS.^OOP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FromBlH IRUCISCO— Poot of Market Street (Slip 8)— ■
VAn : % }IW'*- ' I: °9 *2 : «3 |3:N
•i:00 15:00 *6:00 p.m.
from OiltlHD— of _.___,„_-.__ -"fi-OO 8:00
10:00 a.m. .12:00 *1:00 12:00 **3:00 tWO
: *B:oQp.m. -•;■: •■..*, ■.'■-- . ._
'I'm A - 'or Morning. ■'■ 1. for Afternoon.
■ Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
.. „ ■_,•'-'__' t Sundays only,
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TTuecdays and Saturdays. - § Sundays and Thursdays.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
V. (Via Sausalito Ferry).
i Vt-cßt ■__■ Fiancisco, Commencing Sept. 1& l-»_ j
''.'.'."..'..WKB--_-->ATa. ■
: For Mm . Valley and San Rafael— *7 .33, *911%
11:00 a.m.. *1:45. 3:45, •&: 16, •5:48,0:80 r.»
Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays, | Wednea>
nays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
. .. BUND A VS.
. Wot MOI Volley and San Rafael— •B:oo, *_0 :C«
•11:30 a. m. ; •1:30, 8:00, *4::.0. 6:16». U. ■
trains marked • run to Han Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
'- For Point Reyes and way stations— a. m
Weekdays, 8 :00 a. m. Sundays, 1 :4o t> x. satn_»
days.
' For Caaadero and way stations— .2B ___ U. wM_»
_to^Ji^__f__^fflrf_l______ <
_ _
also recognised Edwin Hughes as honor
ary Consul of Guatemala at Seattle.
Hanna After the Senatorship.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, , Jan. 16.—
Press this afternoon says: M. A. Hanna is
an avowed candidate for the United
States Senatorship. He announced his
candidacy this morning for the first time
after a long conference with Congressman
H. L. Morey of Hamilton, Ohio, who
came to Cleveland in the capacity of
Poraker's represents tlve.
Heavy Liabilities.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. 16.— The
Commercial Wheel Company assigned to
day. Liabilities $100,090, assets supposed
to be somewhat in advance of that amount.
'■'___•_■■■_ RAILROAD TRAVEL. ..**■_.'-.
_MFMCl_^^^^ PL
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
1 Ban Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. M.: W:3\
8:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. v. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5-
-and 11 : 30 p. it
BONSAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:30, 3:30,
! 6^)o, 6:30 p.m.
San 'Rafael to San Franci
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:80, 0:20, 11:10 A. it-
-12:46, 3:40, 6:10 p. ic Saturdays— Extra trim
at 1 :55 p. it and 6:33 P. ____, *
SCNDAY&- 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. k.: 1:40, 3:4 a
6:00,6:25 p.m. «.«•«.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park soma
schedule as above.
4^* T In effect Arrive
Eon Franclsca o_tTl_? 8 * Franclsca
Wrax I : Sin*- Tjes.fnation. Bus- Wmk
Days. | jays, " "°"""- days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am! . Novato, 10:40 am 1 8:40 am
8:30 >'M 9:30 ah Petaiuma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 ru, 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. I 7:85 fm 6:22 PM
— — Fulton,
7:30 ax Windsor, 10:23 AM
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle, *,- *
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:36 pm 6:22 rx
Pleta,* j "
Hopland A
7:Boam 8:00 am Ukiah. | 7:35 pm 6 :22 px
7:30 am I 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevUle. 7:36 rx
8:30 TM |_ 6:22 rx
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ax
' I and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. ] 6:10 pm 6:22 px
7 :80 AXIS :00AX|: Spha .. orvft , 110:40 AMI 10:2. AX
B:3opm|s:oopml a '* !t .'"t'*>Pol- | 6:10 pm| 6:22px
"■ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weal
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
' Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and lakeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and -Bartlett* Springs; at
Ckiah for -Vichy Borings, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Booneviile,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, - Wlllets, Cahto, Cn-
velo, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
Fond San Rafael at balf rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bunding.
H.C. WHITING, B. ___. BY AW,
i Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic ' <f^jj§ft
■pn •*£** *r*!_y£3_s'>c_r
Trains leave and arrlvs at >W*@B«S_^^U
_U___ket-Street Ferry. r^s(S^^_«_^
SANTA FFiXPRESS. WSjM
To Chicago via A. & r .^^^[^|fe***^_yT_?*|
Leavesda.lyats:Jop. m.. carrying Pullman Palace
Drawing-room and Modern Upholstered Tourist
Seeping cars, which run dally through to Chicago
via Kansas City. Annex cars for Denver and Su
Louis. ■■■
Boston Excursions, via Kansas City, Chicago.
Montreal and the White Mountains leave every
Tuesday. . . . ■.-..:
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust; Interesting scenery,
ana good meals ln Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala
1631* Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
THE 811 FR .MiSCO MD SAS JOAQUUi
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPASY.
FROM . JANUARY  1, 1897, passenger trains
will run daily, excepting Sunday:
Southbound. . . -Stations. **• Northbound.
7:20 a. m. Stockton 6:40 p. m.
9:49 a. m Mer-ed 8:14 p. m.
11:60 a M... ...... ...Fre5n0:... :.'...:. 1:10 p. m.
For Intermediate statlonssee time-table.
Connecting steamboats of the CL N. & I. Co.
leave San Francisco at 6 P. m. daily, excepting
Saturday, and Stockton at 6 it M. dally, excepting
Sunday. ■ ■■■■■• •■•'..•
iOUHT TAMALPAIS.
'Trains connect with North Par,ifl_
Coast Kailroa.l. , -memo
WEEK l)AV8-_#sve_F.9:l*A.K. 1-45 » „
■ - Returning— Arrive S. _•'. 8:25 p. x. 6 : 20 _.' _T
SUNDA YS^-Leave S.F. B a. x 11 If. x. i^O »__
Returning— Arrive S.l-'.IUE. j_m.4:'_o p x 7- ..»__*
' Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or ' ' - '*'■*■
■'.■' THOS. COOK A SONS, 621 Market SU. S. F
I Mill Volley and Mount Tamalpais Scenic RoU wo/.ROUND VALLEY
RANCHER SLAIN
Shot by a Neighbor With
Whom He Was at
Enmity.
They Meet on a Lonely Mountain
Road and the Quicker Man
Survives.
Tragic Ending cf a Quarrel Over
Grazing Rights on Public
Lands.
UKIAH, Cal., Jan. 16.— Another killing
las been added to the prewsome record of
Round Valley, the "dark and bloody
ground" of California. On a lonely moun
tain road near Covelo John Kenny ..as
shot and killed by Jeremiah M. Hulett. a
neighboring rancher. The tragedy oc
curred on Tuesday evening, but the Sher
iff's office here was noi notified until late
last night. The two men bad been at en
mity, and the news that one of them suc
ceeded in ending the career of the other
has caused little surprise in Round Val
ley, where such finales are looked upon as
a matter of course. Because of he Known
hatred of the one forthe other the state
ment of Hulett that be met Kennv on the
mountain side and the quicker man came
away alive finds ready belief. Justice Joel
Erland oi Round Valley Township, who is
acting Coroner of this county, left for the
scene of the tilling Wednesday evening,
but has not yet returned.
Kenny and Hulett owned adjoining
ranches twenty miles east of Covelo, on
the divide between Mendocino County on
the west and Tehama and Colusa counties
on the east. Both had stock running on
unsurveyed Government lands, and it is
supposed that out of differences as to their
respective rights to run stock on certain
tracts the trouble occurred. Kenny was a
comparative newcomer in that part of the
country, and since his arrival there it is
said the two men had been at swords'
points. On last election day their differ
ences apparently reached a climax when
Hulettt challenged the right of Kenny to
vote at a ceriain nrecinct- Hot words and
blows followed, and but :or the interven
tion, of friends of the combatants blood
would have been shed. On that occasion
the two men were 1 acitied and no more
was thought of tbe quarrel.
While Hulett, accompanied by his son,
was riding to town on Tuesday eve nine
he met Kenny on the road. Kenny car
ried a "Winchester across his saddle, wnile
Hulett bad a sii--*hooter in his holster.
As soon as the. men met the occurrence
of election day was again brought up and
the quarrel renewed. According to the
claim of Hulett and hi 3 son, Kenny, after
considerable heated discussion, drew his
rifl_. Hulett was too quick for him and
like a flash he drew his pistol from its
holster and fired at Kenny. The latter
fell from his saddie and was dead before
he touched the ground.
After the shooting Hulett rode with all
possible hast, to Round Valley and there
..e'ivered himself up to the authorities.
The following morning acting Coroner
Eriand left for the scene. His return is
anxiously awaited.
Both Kenny and Hulett were always
looked upon as law-abiding citizens. Hu
lett has but one eye, but is said to be one
of the finest pistol shots in that part of
the country. The dead man was about 35
years of age and lived alone on h a ranch.
Hulett is a man of iamiiy, having a wife
and several children.
DODGE IOUXD G UILTT.
Life Imprisonment the Pate of Rancher
Mudgrtt's Slayer.
UKIAH, Cat.., Jan. 16.— The jury in the
case of The I'eople vs. John Dodge, on
trial for the murder of Rancher J. A. it.
Mudgett of Usal, after deliberating ior
seven hours, returned a verdict soon after
midnight last night of guilty of murder
in the first degree and recommended that
the defendant be incarcerated in the State
penitentiary for the term of his natural
life.
No one except tbe officers of the court
and the defendant were in attendance
when the jury returned with the verdict.
Dodge maintained the stoical expression
so tvpicaj. of the Indian race during !he
reading of the verdict and while the jury
was being polled. He appeared pleased
when he learned that he would not bang,
as he fully expected, it is said, that the
verdict would be one of murder in the first
degree without any recommendation.
Monday, January 25, at 10 a. m., has been
fixed aa the time for the passing of .sen
tence by the court.
The case of he People vs. Ida Dodge,
charged as an accessory after the fact to
the crime of which her husband has just
been convicted, has been dismissed on
motion of the District Attorney.
&ANT* CLAi.A'S DEAD.
Methodist Divines 'Eulogize the Late Dr.
Henry C. Benson.
SANTA CLARA, Cal., Jan. 16.— The
funeral of Dr. Henry C. Benson to-day
was very lareely attended. The services
at the Methodist Church were conducted
by the pastor. Rev. H. B. Heacock.
Tbe funeral was attended by a number
of prominent Methodist ministers, in
which denomination Mr. Benson was a
leader for over fifty years. Dr. Heacock
read a biographical tribute to the departed.
His remarkably long and useful career as
a minister, presiding eider, and religious
editor and educator was dwelt upon.
Tributes to the great life work of Dr.
Benson and his sterling Christian charac
ter were paid by Dr. T. H. Sinex of Pac'fic
Grove, Dr. F. D. Bovard of Alameda. Dr.
M. C. Briggs, State secretary of the Chris
tian Union, and Rev. W." B. Pnddy of
East San Jose.
The pallbearers were: Dr. R. S. Cantine
of San Jose, Dr. Wesley Dennett of Los
Gatos, Dr. C. P. Jones, Rev. T.B.Hop
kins, Rev. W. T. Mayne, Rev. H.J. Bland,
Rev. Wesley Peck and Rev. William
Angwin.
Other ministers who tooK part in the
services were Dr. J. D. Hammond of San
Francisco, Rev. M. C. Harris of San Fran
cisco, Dr. E. McClisb, president of the
University of the Pacific, and Rev. A. H.
Needbam. The interment was at Santa
Clara Cemetery.
Creamery for Watsonville.
WATSONVILLE, Cal., Jan. 16.— A
meeting of stockholders interested in the
establishment of a creamery in this place,
was held at the City Hall this afternoon.
As a committee on building and location
of site F. A. KiJburn, William McGrath
and Charles Rowe were named. , The com
mittee on cost and ruction consists
of John Edward Traftoi.. Charles Silleman
and Ed White. Over $4500 has been sub
scribed and the establishment of a cream
ery in thia plage is assured.
THE EMPORIUM.
I The Clearing Sale Continues. New Bargains This Week. I
I
I Tourists.
|1 Do not leave San Francisco without
I] visiting our Chinese and Japanese Ba-
_Sf zaar, the finest in America. Obtain
S souvenirs from the thousands of Ori-
ental curios on exhibition and sale.
Dress Goods Extraordinary.
S Never even here — has such a Dress Goods
to Bargain been offered as awaits you Monday and
Sl until the lot is sold. Here it is :
All of the beautiful Imported Extra Heavy 52-inch
j* Strictly All-wool or Silk and Wool Suitings, including
fe> high novelties in Cheviot Stripes, Boucles, Bourettes,
(3 Fancy Checks, Sibylines, etc., which have been pre-
gl viously reduced to 90c a yard, now marked to close
1 50 Cents a Yard.
SNot [More Than Two Suits to a Customer.
Sheets and Pillow Cases.
o Economical housekeepers will not overlook these four
ur items, nor will they neglect this opportunity for buying
(a Bed Furnishings when they visit the big store to-morrow.
M Hemmed Pillow Cases— 45 by 36 inches— good soft tfkg.
|J finished muslin— value for 15c each. Sale price lUL
& Hemmed Pillow Cases — 54 by 36 inches — excel- i*Jl r
{3 lent soft finished muslin. Sale price * » f£^
ra Hemmed Sheets— 72 by 90 inches— fine sheeting— i[? r
ci soft finished dry ironed. Sale price sale, each.. * ■ •*••
Hemmed Sheets — 72 by 90 inches — fine sheeting —
soft finished — dry ironed. On special sale, each- t" -J _.
U Hemmed Sheets — 81 by 90 inches — extra soft finished
*} sheeting dry ironed — for 60c each. Spe- tZtf\ r
q cial sale price ; 3__"L
I Flannelettes — Eiderdowns.
y Compare these special offering^ with the lowest prices
elsewhere and be convinced of the truth of our statement
Flannelettes — Eiderdowns.
Compare these special offering with the lowest prices
elsewhere and be convinced of the truth of our statement
Ur that the prices we ask are only two-thirds of their real
(fl values, and are lower than any one else can or will sell
m similar qualities for.
|j 200 pieces English Outing Flannelettes — best qual-
2/ ity — worth 1 2* 2 c a yard— more than 40 different designs,
JS in the choicest colorings. Sale price until the lot 01-
-j*f is gone, per yard Oa^ ;
Sin pieces Wool Eiderdown Flannels— until the lot oi-
ls gone, per yard o;<_.
.0 pie.es Woo! Eiderdown Flannels — in fancy stripes —
m regular price 50c per yard. Special sale price for -**• **** r -
-111 this week _»-__•*__■
ig 100 pieces Wool Eiderdown Flannels — fancy plaids and
Iff tufted stripes — the handsomest patterns we have ever
Sl shown — regular value 75c per yard. Special sale AjQ^f.
M price this week *t_. _,
| Millinery— Half Price.
® The very latest and most attractive styles
jf all deeply cut in price for quick clearance.
1 Trimmed Hats and Bonnets that were
I $7, $8, $9, $12, up to $25,
A Marked now
I $3.95, $4.25, $4.75, up to $15.
| $2.50 Fedoras now $1.75
I $2.25 Fedoras now $1.50
| $2 Intrimmed Felt Hats n0w... 51.18
S *A hundred pretty shapes and colorings in
W these Untrimmed Hats to choose from.
fl $1.25 Untrimmed Felt Hats now. .78c
D $1.00 Untrimmed Felt Hats now. 68c
1 ( MbfeP Umbrella
I TT ' Stands.
i brought Iron Umbrella
I] Ifl j. I.lb Stands, 27 inches high,
f. (111 iiil weight 8 pounds, easily
I tay&ApJß moved about, have remov-
__ o^^^^\ a^ e P ans ' handy.
| W(Ph^P Yer V cheap at our - ftfi
S special price vpl.yo
c ßric-a- c Brae Department, second floor, west side.
Curtain Bargains.
S Deepest price cuts yet and in the new Curtain
of -97.
The Spring Importation of Brussels Point Genuine
Thread Lace — size Curtains — marked at one-third
less than they were bought to sell f0r.. .54 to $15 per Pair
S Handsome Chenille Portieres just received — 20 new
spring patterns — colors to each pattern — one special line
31.; yards long. Instead of $3.50 per pair cc^-*-* -"rk
marked «4>__..3U
(Others at $3.25, $4.50 and $5.50).
550 dozen New Chenille Table Covers, i>, 2 yards Kfk r
square, each : 31/ C
Carpet Economy.
S These are positively the best Carpet
Bargains in the city.
30 rolls only ofthe genuine Royal Wilton Velvet
Carpet — regular price $2. 50 per yard — in mod-
Sern parlor, dining-room, hall and stair designs.
We discontinued the patterns, and to <t*. j -3*^
close out this lot have reduced them to mH._3__>
20 rolls only of high-art Ingrain Carpets in"Body
Brussels and Wilton effects. We will K-Tk^
Ssew, line and lay these, per yard -JUL
10 rolls only of regular Wilton Velvet Carpets—
the kind usually sold at $1.25 a yard. <*--. 1 /%A
Special now at ...:.. «-PI.UU
SALT LAKE'S SENSATION.
Assistant Postmaster Mcßride and Clerk
Cunnington Guilty of Em
bezzlement
SALT LAKE. Utah, Jan. 16.— Frank
M. Mcßride, assistant postmaster of tbis
city, was arrested to-night on a charge of
embezzlement. He confessed to having
taken $4000 of the money realized from the
sale of stamps sine. July last.
j. W. Cunnington, the stamp clerk, is
implicated also, and a warrant is out for
bis apprehension. So far Cunnington's
shortage does not appear to exceed $400.
Postmaster Barratt discovered the de
falcation on checking up the stocK of
stamps on band, which was far short of
the amount the books Kept by Mcßride
snowed. _ra__P
Mcßride was arraigned, waived exami
nation and was held in $4000 bonds. He
is very well connected and has influential
relatives in Washington, D. C, and is a
nephew of Benator Mcßride of Oregon.
He has been living .'high" and spending
a good deal of money lately.
Church liar at Tacoma.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 16— male
members of the First Baptist Cburch of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
I THE EMPORIUM.
. : : _ I
THOSE WHO NEED AND MANY WHO DO NOT NEED FOR
IMMEDIATE USE ARE BUYING NOW.
The Emporium.
San Francisco, January 17, 1897.
Deeper and Deeper Cuts
Many more surprising price changes to-mor-
row, occasioned by the Emporium method of •
closing out commodities in their season and the
showing of novelties in advance of all other
stores, which necessitates a complete clearance
HERE earlier than elsewhere.
/>•! d rv (ft* rh • Here are some other and even greater
Lloak Uep t Bargains. i^^^^^^.
FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS. LADIES' JACKETS. TAILOR DRESSES.
Well-made Flannelette Wrappers An assorted lot of $10, $12.50 and $15 More reductions and greater than
—good patterns — colorings— all Jackets, in stylish Irish Frieze, two- ever on Ladies' Tailor-Made Dresses
sizes. None were less than tO'f|k rf _, toned Boucles and mixed Tans. Many —either tight-fitting or jacket style —
51.25 before. Choice of (i_s,__PC favor colors— all sizes. (d^/2 4 F"" dresses that were $10, $15 and $20.
the assortment now at.... Reduced for quick clear- .^l) •***•*§" _) Every one a gilt-edge bargain at our
ance to j quick Clearance (^ A *T\ ¥*¥
LADIES' CAPES. Prices-ft. 95, $ 7.45 Cp^-.H-D
CHILDREN'S JACKETS. Ca^s-BlaJk ttcS^immed' * w«S " SATEEN INDERSKIRTS.
Children's All-Wool Jackets— straps and small buttons. Also Kersey j Finest Whipcord Sateen Skirts
medium weight— ail sizes. The and Frieze Capes — and fur trim- I black only — quality and extra
cheapest in the lot l&\ j• A j mcd— black only. Re- ,#t> A tf\ Cf \ width. Were $1.75. d* g '"l/\
were 53. Our quick ■^| # '-**tO ■ *-- u<:ec - for quick clear- *^*--§-« 7*f v 3 i "*" a price this week J^ I » JLrw
Clearing Price I ance to j
__T_4____^_nid-f-_i_i_r^__c____ /_.*_. _?_!_£_. Very large savings too. The only way
I 111 niLUI " OQVIIIIJ-5» to judge goods is by comparison.
Compare our Furniture and Furniture
Prices with those of the cheapest credit house in town and note the great
difference in OIR favor. j ,
j __2_S^-*_,^-n_ ,_« j^c^s>~f\ This handsome five-
/-^y**^**, (!T~^^^^ .f^^ l^ Yfl ; _>"' V P iece P ar!or Suit —
Xfm \~^^\l^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\ [| Gj^rT^f^r^^l choice patterns and
* -js!^ w&tmff&'Z. "^sjS=z~- $2o_
Hs^______r_-*-_J /n Massive Solid Oak Bedroom Set 7 pieces highly pol-
1. -___.*—- fi-*?_P • - shed — beveled plate-glass mirror in •^^j fir/\
I lj vls-JCr* dresser — heavy solid oak carvings. In- *3^j| #v3vr
0 stead of $40, our price for set complete
Portrait Frames Reduced.
Staple goods — goods that sell
well all the year around. OUR only ex-
cuse for cutting the prices so deeply is
that We Have Too {Many in Stock.
4-inch White and Gold Frames, 20x24, with mat,
glass and back. Reduced from 52.50 each t0... tt-t of|
5-inch White and Gold Frames, 20x24— mat, glass and
back. Reduced from 53.90 each t0..'............. __a*» *-* •ws
s*^*inch Gold or Green and Gold Florentine Frame, 20X
1 24, with mat, glass and back. Reduced from <-*»•-*» q/\
55.35 each to •*_!>_> .CW
Circular White and Gold Burnished Florentine Frames —
24 inches in diameter, with mat, glass and <*-.£ f\i\
back. Reduced from 58 each to qHJ.UV
Circular White and Gold Florentine Frame — 20 inches
in diameter with mat, glass and back. Re- <•**••*■*_ m(\
duced from 53.25 each to • g>_-_..*Hr\/
Circular Green and Gold Florentine Frame — 20 inches in
diameter with mat, glass and back— hand- <[*«£ /*|/*|
somely finished. Reduced from 55.50 each t0... m>"t.\/U
*H___bn«*_C_i____ H £.. ■;. .:■'.,'.'■
this city are displeased with the evangeli
cal methods of Pastor Robinson, late of
California, who has recently been holding
sp-ci.il services at th- request of the
female members of the dock. It is asserted
that the women have been aroused to a
high pitch of religious excitement at these
meetings, greatly to the disgust of the
men, who have formally requested Pastor
Robinson to desist. The women remain
true to their idol, however, and a split in
the congregation is threatened.
THE ID ABO DEADLOCK.
Dubois Slakes ."to Gains on the Sixth
/(allot for Senator.
BOISE, Idaho, Jan 16.— T. c sixth ballot
for United States Senator, taken to-day in
the Legislature of this State, resulted as
follows:
Dubois, silver Republican, 25; Angel,
Populist, 24; Nelson, Populist, 16; Lewis,
Claggett, Populists; Bagley, Republican,
and Johnson, Democrat, 1 each.
The Democrats voted solidly for Nelson,
and if the Populists had done the same he
would have been elected.
A great many Populists oppose him on
the ground that he is more of a Democrat
than a Populist. The Popuists and Dem
ocrats are no. nearer together than tbey
were a week ago and there seems to be a
feeling that ' then will be no election for
quite a while.
I , TH*"* EMPORIUM. I
SAN DIEGO WATER RATES.
Judge Torrance Overrules the Demurrer
of the Land and Town Company
" in the Ward Case.
SAN DIEGO, Cai., Jan. 16.— case of
Ella B. Ward vs. The San Diego Land and
Town Company came up before Judge
Torrance of the Superior Court to-day.
The plaintiff alleged that the company
sought , to double charge for water rental
under the Sweetwater system from $3 50
to $7 per acre. The defendant demurred
to the complaint.
Judge Torrance overruled the demurrer,
holding that, the $3 50 water rate under
the company's system was the actual rate
established and collected, which, under
section 5 'of the act of 1885. should be
deemed the accepted legally established
rate. Doubling . the water rate was unau
thorized. On the subject of the power of
the water company 'to make contracts
with consumers Judge Torrance saw noth
ing in the constitution or statutes to pro
hibit it,' whether made before or after the
Supervisors had fixed rates.
' .The decision *is directly opposed to the
famous decision of United : States District
Judge Ross some months ago, which was
1 ,__J __ i: _ : _ ._!__._'■'_?■___.. _ _ - r - -
_^_jlil§fe_. Grocery
m \ mw mMVSmAM*^* mm^* m SMTtj£^_ :^ I
P^rf^^f. Specials.
"* =s=ia - ---=*-=^^ Fresh goods well-known,
popular brands. Emporium reduced prices.
Babbitt's Soap _jj.| Lf\r\ I Boned Turkey, Chicken or
25 bars CtJl. 1 ./-/ 1 Ham highest grade— put
Babbitt's 1776 Soap -)[• !up in the ' United -a A r
Powder— 7 packages 'AwDL, j States— 50c cans - •JVC
Fairbanks Clairette \s~ Fresh Butter— -)■•
Soap— 7 bars...-.'...... _&_!_, fine— per roll __-3C
Ammonia Borax Soap— Fancy Peeled Peach- m.-
washes without rub-, '**| c r es ]jj IUC
bing— 6 large bars... *J*- ■ c 'V. '.'".''. "■'* ""
Cornmeal-Whiteor A^ Fa " c y Drled A P rlcots |0c
Yellow- 10-lb sack.. -fcUC ~ lD '"""l' ' * v
New Maine Sugar Corn- Fre^ Prunes-good 5
Emporium brand none bet- Slze D -— ••••• • •*..,.•
ter at any price— sl.lo »f\ _ Cluster Raisins— i(\ r
per dozen.. .Can...... 'W crown— lb ■*-»*__.
Red Alaska Salmon— guar- Sliced Peaches— in *)(?.
anteed— 3 cans for -**[- r heavy syrup— 3 cans •**-•*•
• • — -CJC Home-made Jams— guaran-
New Baltimore Oysters— teed to be pure fruit juice
celebrated "F" brand. q_ and sugar only — 2 '*>C^
Can... .. P**-» I jars- AsJK,
to the effect that the Supervisors must fix
the rate each year to pay a fair interest on
an investment. If the decision holds it
will affect millions of dollars' worth of
property. "_..■*'"•
IV RISER STILL IN THE LEAD.
Status of the Senatorial Contest at Wash
ington's Capital. •';:
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 16.— story
is being circulated to-night, evidently by
the Squire men, that Governor Rogers,
Lieutenant-Governor Daniels, Attorney-
General Winston, Congressman Jones, F.
R. Baker of Tacoma and; others have en
tered into a combination to elect Turner
Senator, in consideration of Rogers' elec
tion two years hence, which would make
Daniels Governor. .. ■ : .v>^V ; t' *
Baker would have , the west side Con
gressional place and J. Hamilton Lewis
would be shut : out. This would leave
King County with no representative. T..e
story is probably sprung ;to cause King
County to go solid for Squire, which it is
not now doing. " ■ v.;
Speaker Cline bas announced the chair
manships of the different committees.
It is claimed; by the free-silver Republi
cans and some . Populists that every ap
pointment has beeu made in the interest
of Cline for Senator. ..Cline is undoubtedly
tbe strongest Populist at present. Turner
THE EMPORIUM.
(Concerts.
Concerts. j
Hereafter the Emporium Orchestra \
will give but one Concert weekly — each J
Saturday at BP. M. There will be no C
Wednesday Night Concerts except when 1
specially announced. II
Last Week at
$8.88. a
CpOoOOo j
Sk Saturday night positively 1
_•*? closes the sale of Men's $12.50 I
_y and $15 Suits and Overcoats \
''JtgtiS&&fa-\ at the astonishingly low price 1
i_fl_Hfm of * 8,88,
|r^ffi*w*Hgh These suits were really made to I
WMM^^m. A sell at $12.50 and $15. Our state- I
0 t>_ ment to that effect is not an adver- \
ffl X vfl) t * Saturday night positively I
closes the sale of Men's $12.50 j
and $15 Suits and Overcoats 1
at the astonishingly low price J
These suits were really made to
sell at $12.50 and Jl5. Our state- 1
ment to that effect is not an adver- \
tising dodge. 1
mH I Kfi They are not old styles, but of the c
WSja \D*) prevailing fashion. /
Wsk They are well made, of strictly all- I
111 f\Z wool fabrics — either rough or smooth 1
J&A JkVjvj finish — most of them in double or '
.•ggfcfej VL jf single breasted Sack style. ,
•ffllf « 0 Our Absolute Guarantee. •
tJi^^^ijlorij^ If you are not satisfied thatyou have I
a bargain, return our suit and get your \
— I
Men's Underwear. 1
The Winter stock for '96-97 has been <
collected into six great lots, comprising t
about 2100 dozen Under Garments of all I
good sorts. Some broken lines, but com- \
plete lines of sizes in each lot. These -.
are some of the extreme price cuts : /
Men's Heavy Winter Weight Me- ___©**> !
rino Shirts and Drawers vicuna ,/tf/ Br**/ !
color only— the $i per garment kind. Wjk XFK j
NOW 50c. fjftn.
Men's Heavy Winter Weight Me- hJt'*' ,< l| I
rino Shirts and Drawers colors WintS-i, JL yj \
camel's hair, natural and vicuna — _Er__^_.__ X"
beautifully made— perfect-fitting gar- M MT^JBJ t
ments — the $1.25 per garment kind. M \J| B^jjv _
NOW 95c lite c
Wi B.
Men's Heavy Winter Weight Royal Of Mt '%
Derby Ribbed Shirts and Drawers— M fffi( 'k -
natural color only. These high- n- i nß__ VI
grade $1.25 per garment goods re- ctIII "- 8
duced to ACp ' *_&__J£__. \
JJtt -«6____2- ,
Men's Heavy Winter Wool Shirts and Drawers— colors -j
natural and camel's hair very elegant— per gar- {
ment goods. NOW _t| ir j
Men's Heavy Winter Weight Shirts and Drawers — colors
natural and camel's hair — have been $1.75 per garment, (
but NOW $L4s# j
Men's Heavy Winter Weight Royal Derby Ribbed Shirts !
and Drawers — the finest $2 per garment goods. NOW
$1.45. i
Shoe Bargains.
We make it possible to buy Good Shoes NOW • I
at prices as never before. j
Ladies' Dongola Kid Button Shoes— patent leather tips 1
medium pointed or narrow square toes— sizes 2% to 8 —
width C to EE, $2QO ;,-:
$2.00. j
Ladies' Dongola Button Shoes— cloth top— patent leather J
tips-very stylish pointed toes--a handsome dependable shoe
$2.00.
Ladies' Fine Vici Kid Lace Shoes— or leather tops— -
kid or patent tips— the pretty needle-toe style, i
$2.50. j
Men's Winter Russet Shoes— double soles— extension
edge, welted— made on the new coin toe last— will out- *t
wear the ordinary $5 shoe, j
$3.50.
A large and desirable assortment of Children's Shoes, in '
7 grades, embracing nearly 50 styles, at
50c, 65c, 75c, 85c, $1, $1.25 and $1.35.
Wine and Liquor Savings. f
The most original and beautiful Wine ang '
Liquor Store in America — especially tip |
ladies' trade offers these Special Bargains '
until quantities specified are sold.
150 gallons Pure California PORT at -_■» «-»
{Actual value 1.25 per gallon). -J-OC
150 gallons Good Table CLARET at. '
(tActual value 50c per gallon). «3s_jC
150 gallons Good California SHERRY at ' t/^lt '
(Actual value $1 . 2$ per gallon). *■ -JC ,
150 gallons Good Bourbon WHISKY at <{_;__> *-*** I
((Actual value S3 per gallon). "4_>__£.U 1
Purity and Quality Guaranteed. ■
Free delivery to any part of the city, Oakland, Ala- j
meda or Berkeley. A large and complete stock of Im-
ported Wines and Liquors, Beer, Ale, Porter,^Cordials, '
Syrups, Champagnes and Mineral Waters at ".SAVING
PRICES. iV I
still leads and is against th a field. Stren
uous efforts are being made to break bis
strong hold and elect a Populist.
Death Strikes in Gilroy.
GILROY, Cal., Jan. 16.— Mrs. Susan D.
Skinner, a pioneer resident of this valley,
died this morning. The deceased was the
widow of the late Judge Henry C. Skinner,
and crossed the plains with her husband
in 1849. She was a native of Massachu
setts and 86 years of age.
Mrs. Skinner arrived in this city with
her husband in 1850. The well-known
Skinner pippin apples originated from
seeds brought across the plains by the
couple. Mrs. . Skinner also propagated
from seed and planted the first locust
trees in this valley.
Salmon Fishing at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 16.— Five
hundred salmon were caught here to-day,
100 of them weighing from thirty to forty
pounds each. Forty boats were out and
none returned without salmon. A num.
Der of San Francisco parties were here to
day and more came to-night for to-mor
row's sport.
inferred at Santa Clara.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 16,-The funeral
I THE EMPORIUM.
of Rev. H. C. Benson, a pioneer minister
and editor of the Method .st Episcopal
church, took place at > Santa Clara this
afternoon. Rev. Dr. H. . B. Heacock
officiated, and brief addresses were m .a .
by a number of prominent Uninisers. a
large number of minister-' Brora all over
the State were present. The funeral was
a large one.
Hoeing at Arte Orient, r m
NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan. 16.—Three-quar
ters of a mile, Sim W won, imp. Paladin sec
ond, Laureate third. Time, l:14}-£.
Three-quarters of a mile, Henrica.Woa, _;__•
ton second, Selbach third. Time, 1 :16.
One mile onci twenty yards, Olivia won, Sau
terne second, Booze third. Time, 1:45. y
One mile and twenty yards, Van Brunt won,
Kruna second, Terra Archer third. Time
1:44%.
- o_i« mile. Judge Stead man won, Mamie _*-
second, Judge Bullock third. Time, 1 .43%.
- Three-quarters of a mile, Maggies won, Anna
Mayes second, Dora H. Wood third. Time.
I:ls}£. *_ ' ' "
Modesto Wins at football.
MODESTO, Cal , Jan. 16.— The Modesto
high school football team defeated Mer
ced's eleven to-day by a .-core of 34 to 0.
The same teams contested at Merced on
New Year's day, Modesto winning by a
score of 24 to 0. F. W. Koch of Berkeley
is coach for the Merced team.
56
CHOKED THREE
BABES TO DEATH
Burrough Valley Settler
Accused by His Own
Children.
Said to Have Ended the Lives
of Triplets Born to His .
Indian Wife.
When the Mother Died Ha Thought
It Best to Bury the Infants
With Her.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. IG.— Coroner Long""
and County Health Officer Adair, accom
panied by Stenographer O. Scribner, will
leave to-morrow morning for Burrough
Valley to investigate a report that three
babes were choked to death recently by
their father, whose name is Edward Ben
son. According to the information re
ceived to-day Benson's wife, who was a
squaw, died about a week ago, after giving
birth to triplets. The lather, not seeing
how he could rear tne little ones, is re
ported to have strangled them and in
terred their bodies in the same grave with
their mother. According to instructions
from District Attorney Snow Coroner
Long will exhume the bodies of the
mother and the babies and bold an in
quest on each.
There is no suspicion that Mrs. Benson
met with any foul play, but under the law
the Coroner must hold an inquest where a
certificate of death is not given by an at
tending physician.
Benson's wife had no physician, and
those who buried the four bodies are lia
ble to prosecution for not securing the
necessary certificate. But in 6uch remote
districts the authorities do not insist upon
the usual enforcement ot the law. It is
believed that an examination of the
throats of the babes will reveal whether
they were choked to death or not.
Burrough Valley, where Benson has been
living with his squaw and family, is situ
ated in the foothills, about thirty miles
east of this city and about five miles south
of Toll House. Benson is well knowu
to the old-timers of the county. He came
to this part of the State iv the '60s and
located in Burrough Valley, where he has
lived since. He isa man of peculiar char
acteristics. He excluded himself from ,
A DOG WHO EARNS HER DAILY BREAD.
One o* the most useful doss in the State is "Olive," owned by Joseph Moll, a
rancher at Eugene, Stanislaus County. Mr. Moll purchased Olive when she was
about 4 months old from a well-known St. Bernard fancier of Stockton, and as she
grew up be conceived the idea of making her earn her board, consequently he built
ala _"ge wheel, which she revolves by her weight, and, by changing a belt con
nected with the wheel, she does all the family washing, churns the milk and makes
£ t*u_ butter, Dumps the water from the well into the cistern, saws all the firewood
and cleans the wheat, runs a grindstone that sharpens the knives for the harvest
ing machines all around that section of the country. Olive is a splendid watchdog
and a terror to the tramps, but kind and affectionate to the children, whom she
allows to ride on her back. Around the farm sbe is as useful as a collie, will go
•• : for the cattle wben sent and will see that the chickens don't go where they are net
wanted. In addition to all this, she is one of the best bred St. Bernards in the
country. Her sire, Lord Hualpa, was a son of Alton, who cost $5000, and he a son .
of Plinlimmon, who also cost $5000. Her dam is Bohemian Girl, whose veins con
tain the blood of such noted dogs as Beauchamp, Beauchief, Hector, Barry, Oscar
and Thor. Mr. and Mrs. Moll feel justly proud of their useful dog. *
the civilized world and took up with the
Indians. He married a squaw soon after
settling in the valley according to the in
formal procedure of that section. He has
bad two or thr Indian wives since Uis
residence there. Benson, according to the
great register, is 68 years of age and a na
tive of Denmark. His unions have been
very fruitful, and Benson half-breeds are
«caite__cd throughout the mountains.
The report of the murder of the babes by
the father ?"_»_ brought to this city yester
day by Constat.s Ben Dennis of Sentinel
and Mat Burton of Letcher. _ It appears
that they had been tola by some of Ben
son's children who live at home of the
choking of the little ones by their father,
who, they explained, thought this was the
best way of getting rid of them, as. he
would not bo able to care for them or keep
them alive anyway. Further particulars
of how Benson is alleged to have com
mitted the deed were not ascertained. It
could not be learned how old tbe babes
were when they were throttled. }_ -V*
Constable Dennis returned this after
noon to the mountains to subpena the
witnesses and have them on hand to-day
when Coroner Long and Health Officer
Adair arrive, so that the inquest may pro
ceed without delay. If the Coroner's jury
finds that murder, has been committed,
the constable will take Benson into custody
and file a complaint before Justice Newton
Phillips at Academy.
Benson has always borjie a good reputa
tion among his neighbors. Several pio
neer residents of the county who are ac
quainted with him, when told of the report
of the murder to-day, seriously doubted
its truth.
Even if it were so, they said, Benson
probably did what was tbe best thing to
do. In his circumstances he could not
have kept the babes alive, and to prevent
their suffering he ended their unfortunate
existence at once.
Benson owns a pretty little mountain
home in Burrough Valley. He is said to
be an industrious man and, as far as is
known, has always been a kind husband
and father.
Sound to Go Down.
They were shopping in one of the big
uptown department stores. By dint; of
much patience and adroit elbowing they
reached a . bargain counter npon which
clocks and a miscellaneous assortment of
mantel and table ornaments were di-*
--playad, says the New York Times. "Oh,
look nt those lovely thermometers on
golden standards, marked down to $4
from $15, exclaimed a feminine voice.
"Suppose we buy a couple for Christmas
presents,"
"Better wait until Christmas," was the
response in low, masculine tones.
"But we won't be able to ret them so
cheaply then," remonstrated the feminine
voire.
"Yes, we will," was the masculine re
tor:, "Mercury is bound to go down in
the winter."
The law of Germany .requires every male
citizen to serve three years in the standing
army, four years in the reserve and five
years in the landwehr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
STRANGERS WERE
FATHER AND SON
Rancher Kasson. Often Met
His Boy, but Did Not
Know Him.
He Was Rich, While the Young
Man Peddled Vegetables
for a Living.
Romance in the Life of the Late
Stocktcn Capitalist Whose Estate
Is in Litigation.
STOCKTON, Cat,, Jan. 16.— peti
tiou of George W. Lindy of Alameda, filed
yesterday, in which be claims to be a son
of the late George M. Kasson, has created
a great sensation here. Kasson's friends
in California never knew that he had been
married. They were mistaken, however,
for about the year 1846 he was wedded to
Mary Ann Hayden and tho record of their
marriage will be found in the municipal
reports of St. Louis, Mo. „
Ka.son came to California in 1850, to
seek his fortune, and after deciding to lo
cate here returned to his home in St.
Louis. During his absence a son was
born to his wife, and when Kasson re
turned aud wanted to bring his wife and
boy to California she positively refused to
accomDanjThim. The child was placed in
the custody of Thomas Lindy, who lived
on Bloody Island, in the Mississippi
River, opposite St. Louis. Kasson re
turned to California without his wife, not
knowing what had become of his son.
The wife afterward went to live with an
other man and Kasson remained in tbe
Golden State to accumulate the fortune
tbat now promises to be the subject of
some bard-fought litigation.
It was in 1874 that Thomas Lindy came
to California with his adopted son, George
H. Lindy, now the claimant to the Kas
son ranch in this county. Thomas Lindy
was a fisherman and often made trips up
the San Joaquin River. The claimant of
the Kasson wealth was wont to peddle
fish in the Livermore Valley, and did
some truck farming and peddling in the
vicinity of Livermore to eke out an exis
tence. Kasson met both during the years
tbey were here, but no one knows that he
was apprised of the fact that the young
man was the son that he had left behind
in Missouri. That he is the son of Kasson
no one who has ever seen Lindy can
doubt," for ne is the exact likeness of the
San Joaquin County rancher.
.'_ In 1881 W. A. Cowdry, a Stockton drug
gist, went to live with his uncle Kasson.
At that time Clark McChesney moved to
California to keep watch over the affairs
connected with the estate, for it is stated
by one of the heirs that be was jealous of
Cowdry. The latter frequently saw Lindy
at the ranch, bnt, naturally, will have
nothing to say about the latter's relation
ship to his uncle. When Kasson made
his will in 1881 he did not' know that the
son he left in St. Louis was still alive or
what had become of him, for Thomas
Lindy never made known to Kasson that
George Lindy was his son. For this
reason, it is believed, the latter was not
mentioned in the wiil.
SCORES TH E POLICE.
Stockton Newspaper Says They Protect
Chinese Lottery Games.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 16.— When the
Stockton Commercial Association several
nights ago appointed a committee to look
into all matters pertaining to tho city's
welfare the Board of Police and Fire Com
missioners addressed a communication to
the committee offering to aid it in making
any investigation, and asking the commit
tee to look over the departments over
which the board had control.
The Stockton Mail this afternoon print
ed a sensational editorial, in which it de-
clared that Chinese lotteries were running
full blast in Stockton, telling where
tickets might be purchased and where
drawings were held. It scored the Police
Department and the writers of the letter
to the Commercial Association commit
tee for not putting a stop to the lottery
evil, claiming that sums of money were
paid to some one to prevent the officers
from raiding the lottery dens. It is a
well-known fact that the lotteries have
been running with great regularity of
late, and the editorial has created much
comment. ... . ■
REVELRY AT TRUCKEE.
Crowds of , Excursionists Visit the
Ice Palace and Enjoy Winter
Sports.
TRUCKEE, Cal., Jan. 16.— The sound
of mirth and revelry was beard in Truckee
to-night.' At the ire palace a large con
course gathered, and far into the night
the .shouts of the merry-makers gave
token that "joy was unconfined." *"
Scores of people glided over the crystal
surface of the skating rink, and down the
toboggan slide went party after party on
fleet vehicles of the iceland. It was a
gala night of the carnival, and none who
attended were surfeited with the exhilar
ating winter sports that tinge the cheek
as tbe rose and make the blood bound
through the channels.
Tourists arrived from every direction
during the day, the latest accession being
a large delegation from Sierra Valley.
Many visited ; Tahoe, and sleighs were
running to Dormer Lake all day. The ice
palace never looked more gorgeous than
it did to-night. The skating, sleighing,
coasting and tobogganing were perfect,
and the air is crisp and invigorating,.
Several large excursions are expected
to-morrow, and many parties have tele
graphed for accommodation!- during the
coming week. The carnival will probably
close a week from to-morrow. Its attrac
tions bave been infinitely superior to those
of last year. The spectacular effects of the
myriads of icicles composing the palace
have been greatly increased by the intro
duction of electricity. .
A camel of ice has been prepared for the
Shriners to-morrow, and an immense
scimetar, crescent and star formed of
icicles spans the main street. The Native
Sons have a bear of solid ice.
One of the most beautiful effects is pro
duced by colored electric lights playing
upon a large : wire-work transparency cov
ered by icy pendants, on which is the
legend : "Frost Palace. Patented August
1896."
A pyramid of ice blocks illustrates the
ice industry of the Truckee basin. ; The
boys have constructed snow i forts on the
plaza and the excursionists have regular
pitched battleswith snowballs for missiles.
To-day the conditions have been simply
ideal, and all who are here are delighted
to think they have chosen such an oppor
tune time for their visit to the land of ice
and snow.
I NEW ' TO-DAT^BT^GOODS^^^^^^ __^__-______-____ _^^__^-_j_____^
-
'^~~^~~~~~#j/^j^P^^^ 7^^^^^^ , t^_r >^^t----^_ f^___*^_______ 1 1 - ~^~^~ — ri
I To-morrow we begin the third and last week of this glorious sale. It is the last week but one before our IS
inventory, and in order to rid ourselves of as much merchandise as possible we have cut stillfdeeper into the prices. IS
It will be a great --Bargain opportunity" for you, and should not be overlooked. 3
i^^S Ladies' Tailored Suits, $4.95. BUTTER COLOR LACES. SATIS &_RO_-fiBAIIJ RIBBOXS iWriOSS. 3
Srt2&3l__^_J The very latest fashionable s tyles, made New goods Just received, yet not spared p„ re Silk Ribbons, in all th? leading C o! d d ce r a ! tics' 1 Pin Totf" B_un_ s r.! t i C ' ---S
BE&ii?>s. of plain colored Melton, and scotch l hey- from the sale p. ices. ___ colors, such as l-iui-s, Blues Lilacs, Beds. value ', 15c .' 8 "le ,r cc 5p r.-Tir **' Z2
IteSriKffl iot mixture, ln a lar.e variety of patterns. .Heavy guipures Point d'lrlande, Point yellows. Greens and* others, suitable for . value at l&C. bate pr or ' i 00 ,, , r m =*■*-_.
fflfflßH^iiJiS 'J he Jackets are the new sh eld iron; with Venlse and Point de (Jene. Just the thins f an , y wok and trimmln s. Ladies IfiacK ber?e trored Belt Hose *^_5
|SfiKrr-4™*l_Q strap fastenings at the nek. lined all for co liars and dress trimmings— Width No. 5, worth 7V_c yard, at 3 V3C. Supporters, wortn -oc. tale price 10c -g
cSHfflffißj^jwl^^ through with silk. Ti.e okirts are fu.l tTp to 4 Inches wide, worth 15c, at 7y a c Width No. 7. worth 10c yard, at sc. pair. _ -__,
■ffijffi^!?^|J|Jfl flarlm_ shape, lined throughout with rustle a vara . • *. Wldh No. 9, w< rth yard, at 6*V_,c. Stockinette Sleeve Shields, size ho. 2, -*»
B|fflKsi3iß^|l percaiiue. All sizes. Value at $12 50. Up to 5 ,* inches wide, worth 20c, at Width No. 12, worth '18c -yard, a 7*/ c. worth 15c. Sale price 5c pair. ___J
cmffii*fejte ,^ . 8-V^cavard. Width Mo. 16, north SOc yard, at B***_;C. American Pins, full count, lc paper. — •_»
BE»fK-r^ I o/I.ai.' VavhlK- ll<»l'/it« H! 1 . 0 _ tip to" 7Va inches wide, worth 23c, at 10c Width .\o. 22, worth 2oc yard, at 10c. Corduroy Bias Velveteen Skirt Binding, ****__■
JPtjt^S^ _L__-.l__ llUVtliy JdVh.«.LS, --PiJ.t;.!. ft yard. 2 inches wide. Special at 4c yard. -^»
Beautiful Imported styles, made of plain 10 l to 9*/ 2 inches wide, worth 35c, at • All-silk Binding Ribbons, full pieces, """***__.
_t-_L_^*-H_rH and rough ma erials: some are elegantly 12%cayaid. nri_niVfl DIDfIIIVO all good, desirable colors, worth — •»
*'* i: -Ssi_ti__fflH braided and trimm.d wltn furs and all are ■ OftUlllAu i>AliU.llil>J* Special at 5c piece. __5
llJShjgmfflffl silk; lined. They were sold earlier in the ivniiori /.AAntj n Itfa Keady to nse Hemmed Pillow Cases' Silk Corset Laces, 3 yards long, assorted —»
season from $15 to $-5. UKl_.» Ul»l)i!J. . KAIIUAIIIS. , MxS^.nches. value "^cf iSde^to. colors. worth 20c.- Special at 10c each. =5
ll____# I ____B I) 1 1 n_*... _/.„._. ',A_ The rush still keep, up our wonderful B**/ 3 " Covered Dress Steels, 7. 8 and 9 inch es -*»
»PP^ii___l BalmOral lett-COatS, OUC. offering o,D__s« Lengths. There mnstbe * long, worth 15c dozen. Special at 6$ -^
K-Bajj 'H-Hti__3B ._ _ i*_.~i«-,_^ ._. a great deal of m eric, in them, or wewonld dozen. ~^*S
cj&R^^jS^ Dane Gray color, wide _nife-pieat«a rut- not be so rushed in that line The line In- Ready to use. Hemmed Sheets, made of . -»•
l|3 , |rffl~-i^tjrt™ fle around bottom. Value at »i. is. eludes checks, strip .., mixtures, plaids. Best B.eached Cotton, 3-inch hem at top, -«..-_„^ — g
|)JSp!_^!_|l_n)(i^ ~ ._, bourettes, boucles, cheviots, chevro is and in<h hem at bottom. lIVIVI.. "*5
J?b¥c_tLs:Si3iSH _fnnl I{|_l I'lllhn .'*! _ ' .IP Bllk and wo °' novelties galore.. Full seven 90x72 Inches, vane 60c. Sale price»37c. Ijl.il^lHi.. _^»
/^m______E!Pfl^ OlUll *••"« .LIUUIUIIM* W'*v. to eight yards in each pattern. 90x81 inchej, value 60c. Sale price Cotton Mnrpan worth I"*_C. Special *^
f.^rriw Black } i,O^ c ST™._»?_ paragon ft.™ Fulls "»- Patterns at 95 cents * 71/3 - Cotton Morean. wortb l-^C. __pe Cl a 3
to__>*^__^Sß b_ff«_?__X P .^ V*™"M^ Fuil suit Patterns at.... |1.33 , Sliesial, worth 10c. Special at 6^c.
l________:-5*— r-^y ble or ladles ana gents. , v_.u-_.wuv. Pull Suit ratterns at $1.95 _.„_._, , .' , , Rustle Pere.line l-*)_c ; Special *7l_C --*»
U ■•^■f-^^-^ , :„. . '•,.;, - ' • Full Suit Patterns at $2.45 M arse Uie Quilts, the real goods, lovely £ us " * 11 c'^Hai? Cloth real oa.r ___•
'S' W« ,^_ Pull suit Patter sat ...$3.50 patterns, full size, extra heavy quality, -erenc-i lanet a Halt ciotn, „ real pair -mm
"^^ ;.. Specially fine Tones at $5. $7 50 and $8 60 value at 75. sale* price $1 29. 18^ui^ches wide, worth 35c bpecial -^
' JOSS I __'«'* «» e„_HnM \\i% CaCl1 ' " Perforated Fiber Linings, 64 inches — *g
-L /rJ]T^ InlanlS t>aC " ' lOC. ri'-T _ -PHDDAIftPDir.i White Blanket., good heavy weight, ?^ Ibi1 b if 1 * l W* lld Cream ' wort * 1 35c 3
__jfeQ^k_rJffl Maae of Wool Eiderdowns Cll-OUT EMBROIDERIES. double bed _i_e, value at $2 26 pair. bale Special at 15c.
__^ G^*--^^ S *___-I^<^^__P '"j.--^^. 1 wh.'t„. worth Specially special valne-Elegant Guipure PCe * m l\'yri _. IT _ Q3 » V-ii._l =S
-*_***^^-__s_§_L-i^__-^^b ft - cream white, Wortn auern on fir strong* cambric. 1 hey f liilllil EjLCI 1 111 \ O4C I aF(I. ---3.
*'!_.■_■ .... ."' — ' — ii l T**' /7--ig»Jt_£_r B° c - ran, e from 4to 8 Inches in w dth, and are hat 11*1 TPI» TH/IC* _. ,_ .«_ . '  j,. ,^ .j . —__
£r*-E^ — _?' 1. . .'ffir^ - all cv. out ready foe use. bola only by the fill JL II A I LIL !___.. About 30 pieces all told, light and dark :^
*K^i<_>-^^la'/ strip or 5 yards. Worth up to 25c a yard. " v "..,". " . V colors, worth up to 7J^c yard. ' _3
W&^^sSfi^ // "__l_F bale price be a yard. '. :.--;■ ■•".-'. r**' - We are closing out our entire stock to ***
'kS_3'*^**n>_j* / ____9 " _« ma»e room for a new brand. Great cuts ..a mi. AmniAitnm ■» • it t -^
? Ferris' Waists, 18c. TWILLED CRASH, B_c Yard* Id fC__i covered, _ auart, were $1 __. MOIRE OTTOMMS, ac Yard. 3
>!l_!!c___ 1 " .ja 1 Tjfi I .lAreiJ /<> . , ■  _-.■-*"'-. ..^ .o- now 60& Only a dozen pieces or so, all nice dark -*■*__•
lr^^^ _l /Mt%*%^ ChUdren's sizes, all ngea Ten pieces only, heavy quality, 18 inches Flannel Covered, 2 Quarts, were $1 35, colorings. Value at 12kc_-ari "2
<_K__*--_^_-"-_T 1 _ it^ wia.^ ' made if drab sateen, taped wide, value at 12-V_.c. now 70c. vvw.___cf.__ . ».uc^. ■--_;_-_.----. -_g
ir^^^L [ntite^VW^ button* Worth 36c Flannel Covered, 3 Quarts, were $1 45, _ - _ . _. 1 _»i it 1 "^
l^^yjg^p ' '— CIIECKED GLASS LIIEV, Yd. ™™ii covered, « Quarts, were $160, -feed Back Flannels, 61c Yd.
cm T 2^^^; «i WT » _W_r* to d,fferent SIZeS - vftlue Si-overed. 5 Quarts, were $1 73 - a ssk SSSSK 3
gs French Satin Corsets, . — AiiKubber.i Quart, w^eB s cnow4 „..,„- rr_" .-__...._ 3
E ___^r»S£Wlrt^^ Bleached Table Linen, 39c Yd. ll!SSSSS3!BSS:,S___gg_:n"S;___: Printed French Flannels, 2«>e Yd 3
cardinal red, sizes 2 °' 26 . 7. __ eau t liu l damask patterns, satin fin- All Kuboer, 4 Quarts, were *1 05, now Small and medium figures on different
g., « „ , « a.-i*. ■« ■■:■:. Uhed^about 60 inches wide, and value boo 'ah Rubber, » Quarts, wew $1 12, now colored grounds. Regular 7sc quality.
__£**■*■ The genuine lmpor:ed brand-we are closing them out. n _.„„.!„ f*; tt T1...1. WOOL EIDERDOIIIIS, 290 Yflrd, _-_■
£ aVrSam^ &g«gg^fea ,Wo. pluk ' : Bleached Hack Towels, be Each FOUi\TAL\SYRIIVGES All r il&hl V A A™ 01 --2
*P *■'*>"■"**' "H.*?"..'*'-_ .... — -_ -._.. - Great big ones, 40x20 inches, the favor- * V Hill 111HUUO. ored grounds. Regular 50c quality. _^
E JAROS HYGiENIG' UNDhaWI-ftu. - lo^uaTWe^SOadozen. 6 a redy c r vb ° b ° e r :^-g^ B Uj£ii__ld^.. fhan.lh Pftrt.<*PA« *^1 Q _ Pair
*■— ..•._,. -. > . ._,_, ■' : . - '•.'■- .' ... •_• _; 1 Pint Capacity, were 98c, now 69c. I Utlllllo lUI llti tS, oBUV'J lull. "2
St: CLOSING OUT THE LINE. ;■ ". CHECKED Uf!AVF.T!_ ir Yard. l Quart Capacity, were $1 _5, now 75c. All leading colors fancy dado border ___§
___= . Weareglvia_:- p*thls class of Cn3erwe_.r.; Kveryboiy IBIMM.II J_tUl_t__l I_^ _:u*uiu. 2 Quart Capacity, were ,1 ».«rBte and heavy knotted valance, fringe top 13
"^ whohasor.ee worn these fleecy- back goods knows how Heavy qualitv,^ for children's dresses * Qua«C---_itv werellfia now Sl oa and bottom. Worth $3 50 pair. =_•
"fc: wonderfully warm and comfortaole they are. and aprons, 4 different styles of checks, •» -.uart Capacity, were Sibt. now ipi 00. * **. . -*m
•*— i_adies' -leeoed-back Yes s and vers, natural gray value 8"/ 3 c a yard ,■ . . llfl _ « ¥ Ti_mnvci -_.« ft- ¥_ • __S
fc; and white; were $:. -fO to $5 «piece. Closln? out at $1 5-. . • LACE CURTAILS .7.1 M.l Pill I. ' __S
____= Misses' Fleeced- back Combination. Union Suits in natural 1• tf /!,..„_,] /1„|;.,. 03, Yowl .111? FT IMF .If 1 _(» .VUIIJ XllilO, * *" ' ** - 111, =S
c=<>o gray or wui.e; were $4 a suit, Cl'.si •_: on. at $1 -75. » . , XilffllL WlOttnU VdllCO, O4C larU. OllliLl IULiJII, dU Real Nottingham Goods, nov?lty pat- •*-»
\ern~ lniants' Kleeced-ba_k Union .m^.i ..uit», wli.i lee. Nat- o . ,j f Over 3000 titles of Vocal and Instru- terns, scalloped laped edges all
O^-- prlce3 in tbe Offeil. eg wr»i, ««'cr v /4 <_. __^_^^ r _; *-w_j^j -i.n.- i-__-c-r<-r_i-^_o_o_-_r_<-c_-[j-^o^.*-. «-c n r-c r» *"*"*•
I <^^aniSi^p^ei»L(is I
I ' ' <&* (S^ si rf "JJeKoAC^ %«^ ; * I
fc * "" -, MARKET AND TAYLOR. STREETS. C ",..../ "^
MAGUIRE AFTER
WHITE'S TOGA
Editor Hearst's Support Has
Been Pledgsd to the
Congressman.
He Joins Governor Budd as an
Aspirant lor Senatorial
Honors.
Eght for the Election Two Years
Hencs Already Bing Waged
in the Democracy.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. , 16. — A
highly interesting ' political ' letter was
printed in to-day's Evening Express, from
Sacramento, of which the following are
extracts:
It is already very evident that if , the Demo
crats manage to control the .next Legislature *
Senator White is not going to have a walkover.
He will have tWo formidable opponents in his
own Governor Budd. and Congressman
Maguire. The Examiner has already tak ud
the fight for Maguire, and I have It from per
sons very close to the throne In that office
that Mr. Hearst has promised and pledged his
support to the Congressman as a return for
the latter's defense of him in the Johnson-
Magulre controversy. It will be remembered
that the Examiner the next morning came out
in an editorial supporting Mugulre for Sena,
tor, which was the opening gunot the cam
paign. , \
On the other hand the friends of the Gover
nor would like to see him elected Senator and
believed— he nad .earned the place. Mayor
Phelan of San Francisco is a candidate lor
Governor, bo he would like to see the Governor
look for National honors rather than a return
to his present position. All this makes a com
plication. But there is one thing . that is
worthy of note in this Senatorial 'gossip, and
that is that all candidates are from the north.
San Francisco has two of them — one for Gov
ernor and one for Senator—and. the country
south of the Tehachapi is to be left to flock by
itself. That should strengthen the Republi
cans wonderfully, in that section. '- -
I asked a Senator who will have a chance to
vote for the next Senator, it he lives until the
next' session of the Legislature who would
probably be the candidate from the south and ,
he suggested ex-Governor Markham.
' "Do you know," he said, ''Mark-am never
got the credit from the people when he was in
Congress that be deserved. | He not only was a
very successful Congressman, but I doubt if
Congress can duplicate hit record in securing
prizes for his district in his first term.- He got
the public building in Los Angeles and the
Soldiers' Home at Santa Menica, besides a
number of other ' things, and *if he could do
that. much*, fur the district as Congressman,
what could he not do for the State as Sena
i tor?"/ <
Horace M. Singer's Will.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 16.— will
of Horace M. Singer of Chicago, one of
the members of tho Singer Sewing Ma
chine Company, has been filed for pro
bate in the clerk's office, he having died
on December 28 in Pasadena. The" estate
is valued in the petition at $375,000. • Mr.
Singer bequeathed to the widow, Mrs.
Emma R. Singer, their home on Indiana
avenue, Chicago, and their real and per
sonal property, and $150,000 in money to
be paid immediately. He bequealh-d cer
tain real estate to Ellen Case, tbe wife of
William Case, of Lemon., 111. The bal
ance of the estate is bequeathed to bis
son, Charles C. Singer, and to Charles B.
Kimball.
TRAGEDY AT MOJAVE.
Grief Over the Suicide of His Wife Leads
J. H. Tolfree to End His
Existence.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 16.— One of
the saddest and most tragic cases of sui
cide ever known in this part of tbe State
was reported in a special dispatch to Man
ager Cha=e of the Nadeau Hotel of this
city from Mojave Junction this forenoon.
It involves the death of J. H. Tolfree, for-
merly connected with the management of
the Nadeau, and a gentleman well and
favorably Known throughout Southern
California, and especially along the lines
of the Southern Pacific Company, where
he owned and conducted several hotels
and lunch-counters.
S While but meager particulars of the de
mise of Mr. Tolfree have been forwarded
it is known that he bas been incon.o'ably
depressed ever since the death by suicide
of his wife a few months ago. From what
is known it is understood that she de
stroyed herself by means of carbolic acid
in the ; same room where he*was found
dead this forenoon. To all appearances
he employe I 'the very same means used
by his late wife. '■ ■ :'--._
It was known among -Toi free's most in
timate friends that a deep melancholia
bad taken possession"' of his mind, and
while no one anticipated suicide as a re
sult of -his bereavement, much of what he
has from' time to time said .to them.'in
more or less serious strain, is now fully
understood. • ■■■
Last Thursday he visited this city, and
in conversation with Clerk Jenkins of the
Nadeau said that he was doing well finan
cially, but was far from being contented,
and expressed the intention of getting out
of business cares as soon as possible. This,
was construed at the time to mean that be
expected to dispose of some of bis busi
ness interests and take life easy.
Tolfree was an affable, genial gentleman
and had many warm personal friends in
all parts o' California. The authorities of
Kern County will take charge of his body.
Sudden Death at Petaiuma.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. Beverly
M. Towne, :. son of the' late -Smith D.
Towne and one of Petaluma's most
promising young men, died very suddenly
last evening after complaining of a aevexe
am in bis-heaj__ v He had just reached
is majority. For some past he had been
a correspondent of the Associated Press,
writing also ior some of the San Francisco
papers and being a reporter on one of the
local dailies, In a lew days be would
have come ; into possession of his share
of his lather's estate, which was to be
divided when' he became of age.
"■' '_»" " ■*• •-'-.'
Sacramento Restaurateur Arrested.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 16.—
first arrest here for the infraction of the
market , game law was made .by Game
Warden Helms to-day. Morris Radomch,
a restaurant-keeper, was arrested for hav
ing in his' possession and selling quail
and ducks. ';, Helms had warned * each
marksman and restaurant-keeper that the
law would be enforced,-' but •> Radonich
defied him. - Radonich re .sted arrest and
was assisted by. one of his waiters,' who
wiil also be arrested. .-•;.•
HOME PRODUCTS
IN VAST ARRAY
Los Angeles Displays Her
Wealth of Varied
Resources-
Manufacturers Arrange an Ex
hibition to Delight the
Eye.
Openirg of the Fair Heralded by a
Parade of Floats and Marching
Columns.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 16. — A large
concourse of the enterprising citizens of
Los Angeles were greatly delighted as
well as genuinely surprised at what they
saw at the home products exhibition in
Hazards' Pavilion to-night. Tbis is the
first exhibition of the kind ever attempted
in Southern California. Its auspicious
opening this evening guarantees its suc
cess. '
The exhibition was first heralded to the
public by.a parade this afternoon. Prac
tically every industry of the City was rep
resented, and every article imaginable,
from a boiler to a broom, was there. The
parade was over an hour in passing a
given point.
• There were fully 1500 people in line, in
addition to over 300 wagons, trucks and
all manner of vehicles, on which wore
displayed varieties of goods. Many mer
chants closed their business-houses and
headed their employes in the marching
columns. Several firms required twenty
vehicles each to represent tbeir : branch of
business, and some of the industries occu
pied nearly a block of space. ' '"*'''
'; The city was thronged with country
people and tourists, who stood for hours
along the walks or perched themselves in
stairways, on steps and in windows to
witness the remarkable display of manu
factured goods on wheels. The whole
constituted an eye-opener even to Los
Angeles people. Those who have been
accustomed to regard this city as a' mere
trading-place and a seat for the exhibition
of a world of lovely fruits and flowers pro
duced in Southern California have had it
impressed upon them that this is becom
ing a manufacturing city also.
The work which resulted in this aggre
gation of home products had been carried
on so quietly, and ; unostentatiously that
few Angeleno_ dreamed of what- this day
had in store for them. The credit for this
magnificent exhibition is largely due to
the directors of the Merchants and Manu
facturers' Association, who stood sponsor
for the enterprise from the start. Neither
donations nor subscriptions have been
asked for from any class of citizens. . The
whole was conceived by} C. D. Gray of San
Francisco and carried to a splendid frui
tion by the executive committee of the
association.
Places. in the marching columns were
not reserved for men alone. Many of the
gentler sex took part, proving that woman *
is an important .actor in business as well
as in social and literary life in this city.
The order of the procession as officially
announced was as follows:
Mounted police.
. 'rand Marshal, W. B. Wilshlre.
Chief of Staff, J. C. Cline.
Band.
Company 25, Tbird Regiment, Uniformed
' Rank, Knights of Pytbias.
• Mayor and city officials.
Members of executive committee of Merchants'
and Manufacturers' Association.
Member* of Chamber ot Commerce. ->.'.''■
Members of Board of Trade.
Members of Commission for Locating Harbor
in Southern California.
Other invited guests.
Then followed the business and manu
facturing interests in twelve divisions.
The formal opening of the exhibition
proper took place at the pavilion after 8
o'clock this evening. The arrangement
of the displays in arched booths lighted
by electricty afforded a beautiful scene a
sort of shopkeepers' and manufacturers'
airvland. -• .<*-,••.■
Joy's for the Jaded and Good
Health for all Mankind.
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA.
Is made from ii_^';^^3L tiM through
herbs, and BSHNB^hI nature 'sown
contains no Bii!f'?li^ i: j___a proper chan-
mineral nels. Joy's
drugs or *S_f^«_Ess ; fSa Vegetable
deadly pois- iffi^SSH Sarsaparilla
on. Joy's «:.,VyISH cures Dys-
Vegetahle It fiff Jlffl ESP** 1 ?--
Sarsaparilla §i»'>.fs Chronic
robs the . I. ii _*•».] ffll Constipa-
blood of all H_ K7MBI tion. Liver
IU impuri- !|i N>M 'Complaints
ties, and 'ItL^JO-fiiffl and Kidney
courses all j^^^^ssJH Affections. .
these impuri- J
B"l|'|W Joj's Tegctahlo |§I|:j
Pylip] togs, staggering Ben- !■__
|§9§§l cations, palpitation §j| iff
p** iH b -°°- d to the **- cad » HI *
■js l H dizziness, ringing in B £
-1 mm ears, snots before the 11 X
& ill ? ye9 » iieada cne, hil- ||[J
' « __!§ ousness . c onfltipation I J
•T IH of bowels, pains in la !j
S'lll tne Da ck,melancholy, §Myt
ton B'">e coated, foul jI Qs
™ gfcS breath, pimples on I a Jv
H gift declineof nerve force D g M
Plj§§ dizzy spells, faint t"; S ■_*
*.. Ufa Bpells, cold, clammy SB **£
-^ttlills feet and hands, sour I; st
V Wm risings, fatigue, in- | I j^
j^f B somuia, and all dis- 1 1 «1
I eases of the stomach, I
I liver and kidneys.
Joy.S Vegetable Sar- B I
I druggists. Refuse a I
I pay for the best see that I
■ you get the tr .__f_fe__________J^^
6U_*DAY JA-.UABY 17, 1897
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fair Sunday.— Local Forecaster McAdie.
The soldiers at tbe Presidio had a field day
yesterday and did some good work.
The Charming Auxiliary gave a concert yes
terday at the First Unitarian church.
An evening paper announce! the engage
ment of Miss Victory Bateman to Harry Kyle.
The Maria Kip Orphanage desires to have
charge oi the daughter of Mrs. Louise Worth
ington.
The brain of William M. Roe, the murderer
hanged at Napa, is to be 'preserved for the eye
of science to study. lEfll
The brothers Ehrenpfort— Hugo and George
F.— fought a lively battle on Front street on
baturday afternoon.
The proposition to hold a "night" Police
Court i*- being strongly opposed by attorneys
who practice ln the court*.
Alvarado, Fly, Queen Blazes, Scarf Pin, In
stallation, Buck and Fi Fi were the winners
at Oakland track yesterday.
Mrs. W. W. Dimond departed for Honolulu
yesterday on the steamer Coptic vowing venge
ance on her alleged traducers.
The sudden proclamation of yesterday as a
holiday proved a grave inconvenience to
many business projects and houses.
Britishers of this City are preparing^ big
demonstration on the anniversary of Queen
Victoria's sixty years' reign, June 21.
Seven sailors ot the sealing schooner
were arrested yesterday for mutinous conduct
on the high teas 150 miles off this port.
■ The steamer Snuta Rosa has been laid up for
a general overhauling, and the Queen went
out on the southern run in her place yesterday.
At a meeting of the Golden Gate Kindergar
ten Association Mr.-. Cyrus Walker was elected
president to fill the vacancy left by the death
of Sarah B. Cooper.
The wrecker Whitelaw has been doing a tow
boat business for the past week. She is very
slow, however, and the schooner Allen A, un
der sail, beat her into port yesterday.
Judge Coffey is to hear argument on the
25th in. t. in regard to the claim of Anselmo
Jose Mcria de .Laveaga to one-lourth of the
late Jose Vicente de Laveaga's estate.
The captain and owners of the French ship
Pierre Corneille bave sued George W. McNear,.
for ¥5337 50 for what is alleged to amount to ,
a breach of contract on the charter of tbe ves
sel.
The appointment of two Inspectors of Police,
provided for in the bill now before the Legis
lature, is causing considerable comment as to
who will secure the positions If the bid should
pass.
Presiding Juage Seawell has handed down a
decision sustaining Justice of the Peace Ker
rigan in demanding from .a non-resident cor
pora-ion a bond for the payment ol costs of
court.
A steam roller ran away at the corner of !
Fulton and Baker streets yesterday, doing
considerable damage and creating much ,
alarm. Luckily no one was killed or even
injured. ■
The steamer Empire, that latterly has been
running between Portland and Coos Bay, has
been sold to Goodall, Perkins & Co., and in
future will carry coai from Coos Bay to San
Francisco.
Felix F. Dougherty, a native of Philadelphia,
33 years of age, ironworker, and James J.
Reavis, a native of Butte County, Cal., farmer,
35 years of age, were sworn in as policemen
yesterday.
The San Francisco Riding Club has decided
to hold a series of paper chases in the open
country near Inglesiae, nnd in a few weeks
the hunter's born will startle that quiet part
of San Francisco.
John T. Nash, an aged miner, died suddenly
yesterday iv a lodging-house at 13*4 Fourth
street. He had lodged there since October 27.
Nash was last engaged in Napa County in the
quicksilver mines.
Frank Mason, alias Pope, a "trusty" in the
City Prison, who made his escape in Decem
b?r, 1895, has been discovered in the prison
at Los Angeles and will be brought back to
complete his sentence.
Jokers of Santa Rosa are reported to have
imported Spring Valley Water from San Fran
cisco for Judge Daingerfield 's use while be
was hearing the great water suit of Mock
against the city of Santa Rosa. it....,,.
A petition signed by a large num Der of
bankers and merchants requesting that street
paving specifications be so changed as to
allow the use of California asphalt has been
gent to the Board of Supervisors.
Tie spiritualists of the City have taken up
the cudgels against the Rev. Dr. Farrand for
his criticism of mediums. They claim that
the pursuit of the ideal* of spiritualism con
stitutes a religion free of dogma.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
Coptic took away for Japan and China yester
day the largest cargo oi cotton that has ever
left this port in a steamer. She also had on
board very heavy consignments of flour.
The* coming of the Swanhilda will De first
known in this City through the agency of
homing pigeons, which will be sent out to the
Farallones to-day on the pilot-boat Lady Mine
by A. Carlisle, the expert pigeon-fancier.
Rev. James R. Knodell of Los Angeles will
deliver an address before the young men at
the Christian Association building, Mason
and Ellis streets, this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
There will be special music for the occasion.
Mrs. Fisbie, who lives on McAllister street,
near Gough, compelled a Chinese yesterday to
return her $2 for a bogus lottery ticket he had
sold her about a year ago with 50 cents in
terest and chased him out of the neighbor
hood.
The never-defeated little Y. M. C. A. football
team of this City played its thirty-sixth game
yesterday afternoon at Central Park and won
from tne much heavier Lick -School team after
a spirited exhibition of football, the score
being 6 to*.
The State holiday in commemoration of fhe
defeat of the funding bill was concluded with
a public demonstration in Metropolitan Tem
ple. Lieutenant-General Jeter presided and
many prominent lenders of the fight for the
people were on the platform.
Captain Kustel of the shiD Hawaiian Isles
very nearly had Frank Butler, the murderer,
for his first mate during the voyage from New
castle to San Francisco. Butler was an hour
late in putting in an appearance, and so had
to seek a position on tbe Swanhilda.
Judge Belcher has decided in the cue of
. Dnstague against Dastague that a Judge of the
Superior Court may set aside a decree of di
vorce at any time. If a divorced -woman
should remarry and her decree should be an
nulled by the court it would place her in the
position of having two husbands.
The Amateur Athletic Union of the United
Slates has adopted a new scheme for identify
ing amateur athletes by registering and num
bering them, and has appointed as registrar
for this Btate, Nevada and Arizona, William
F. Humphrey of this City; president of the
Pacific Association of the Amateur Athletic
Union.
Could Nut Misunderstand.
Sir Charles Gavan Duffy, a former Pre
mier of the Australian colony of Victoria,
was once made the. object of a peculiar
mb arras** ment. A man on a public oc
asion presented himself to Sir Charles,
who bud been appointed to some petty
Government office after a campaign in
which there had been questionable elec
toral practices.
"I suppose," said Sir Charles, "that you
are one of my supporters?"
"Three of them," answered the man,
with a wink that was impossible to mis
understand.
kew to-dat:
Money back i
you don't like
Schillings Best.
Tea and money
at your grocers.
A Schilling & Co San Francisco
538
HOMING PIGEONS TO ASSIST
IN THE CAPTURE OF BUTLER
The Coming of the Murderer to Ba Heralded by
Doves.
NOVEL USE FOR HOMERS
Speed of Birds Will Be Pitted
Against the Craft of a
Monster.
WILL FLY FROM FARALLON.
• *■____. -^
As Soon as the Swanhilda Is Sighted
the N.ws Will B. Winged to
This Ciiy.
This morning there will start for sea on
the pilot-boat Lady Mine, otherwise
known as the bar boat, a cote of doves, or
homing pigeons, their destination being
the Farallone Islands. Their mission is
unique— for they have a mission— one of
importance, and of singular and timely
interest. They are sent out to do some
thing unparalleled in history.
Journeying toward San Francisco on
the four-masted ship Swanhilda, Frank
Butler is, supposedly, approaching a crisis
in his life. Reputed to be the most atro
cious of all modern murderers, public an
ticipation has by him been put on edge,
and there is much anxiety to learn as
early as possible of the first ap
pearance of the Swanhilda. Strangely
enough, and beyond all probable chance
of failure, the gentlest of all animate
things, a dove, will bring in the earliest
news of the coming of the most ferocious
murderer. It is for this purpose that the
homing pigeons will to-day go out on the
Lady Mine, which will make a trip to the
Farallones for the sole purpose of carry
ing them.
Mixed in with the generally grewsome
flavor which attends this exciting man
hunt on the high sea is something of ro
mance in the combination of methods of
communication for tbe purpose in hand
when considered in the light of the pecu
liar circumstances attending.
Foremost among the birds to be carried
to the Farallones as message bearer is
Daisy, which is supposed after many tests
of speed to be with very little doubt the
most rapid homing pigeon on the Pacific
Coast. It has won laurels by flying from
Fresno and all intermediate points and
from Oroville and all intermediate points
to the lofts of A. Carlisle in Berk-ley.
Strong of wing und remarkably sagacious,
Daisy was selected to bring the first mes
sage ever sent from tbe Farallones to San
Francisco by wing power. Consequently
DBisy knows the way and has proved it's
great reliability.
Now when the Swanhilda comes boom
ing along the first place from which she
will be seen is the Farallunes. High above
the surface of the surrounding ocean rises
the lighthouse, the base of which is be
tween 300 and 400 feet above the sea level.
At the lighthouse there is a powerful tele
scope, with which oojects coming to the
horizon line can be made out clearly.
The Swanhilda is of a peculiar rig. The
nautical eye could eauily distinguish her
among other sailing ships. The descrip
tion of her has been sent forward to the
Farallones, so that she cannot well be mis
taken for any other vessel whenever she
may loom into view.
From the lighthouse a telephone line
leads down to the houses in which the
lighthouse-keepers and their families live
and tne line is also connected with the
schoolhouse in which Daisy Annette
Doud, who recently went to the Farallones,
officiates as schoolteacher. So when the
observed at the lighthouse sees the Swan
hilda, which in all probability will be
earlier tban any other person near the
California coast line, he wil! be able to
signal the fact instantaneously to Miss
Doud, who, already practiced in the flying
of pigeons, will hold he: self alert to dis
patch Daisy in a few seconds to this City.
The dovecote recently established by
A. Carlisle at the Farallones for the benefit
of shipping and the weather bureau is
only a few steps from Farallones school
house. In this dovecote the fifty pigeons
to be taken out on the Lady Mine to-day
will be placed before to-night. The sec
ond that Miss Doud hears the message
over the telephone from the lighthouse
she will run to the dovecote, and in five
The Improvised Dove-Cote on the Farallones, Whence the Homers Will Be Dispatched to This Gty.
minutes from tbe time that the Swanhilda
is sighted she will have dispatched the in
teresting news by Daisy.
The distance from the Farallones to
Berkeley is forty-five miles. ___*Dnisy knows
every foot of the way and has flown it. If
the west wind blows Daisy will be in
Berkeley* in a very little more than an
hour after the Swanhilda is first seen.
This time is reasonably fixed from recent
tests taken as examples. Daisy ha flown
over the course, with a northeast wind
blowing at the rate of twenty miles per
hour, in one hour and twenty-five min
utes. Therefore, under ordinary Circum
stances, Daisy will be in her cote within
the time' mentioned.
There will be no mistake about the
arrival of Daisy in Berkeley and no delay
in making known the arrival. On the
cote to which Daisy will fly there is a bell
which the pigeon must ring when it enters
the cote. This is an electric bell, so that
wben it is rung a signal will be im
mediately rung in Mr. Carlisle's house.
Every one in that house will be on the
alert. Upon the ringing in of this signal
the message will be taken from the cham
pion messenger and the facts in it will be
immediately telephoned to Mr. Carlisle at
his place of .business on Montgomery
street in this City. Mr. Carlisle will.
therefore.be in the enviable position of
knowing first of any one in San Francisco
that the Swanhilda has actually been
si mcd.
In fact the pigeon, Daisy, ought to be the
means of receiving the news here hours
before it can come by any other means or
route. Supposing that the Swanhilda is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
first sighted at 10 a. k. the time schedule
would be something like this:
10:00*3 -Mine. Dond notified.
10:02 Message written.
10:05 — " Daisy" flies for home.
11:05— " Daisy" Beaches Berkeley.
11:05*>£ — Telephone Kings for Sunset.
11:10 (at latest)— News Reaches Mr.
Carlisle.
Total time, 1 hour 9-, minutes.
The message which will be brought by
the homer Daisy will be inclosed in a
watertight aluminum cylinder, weighing
only eight grains, which' will not impede
the speed of the messenger. Miss Doud
has a supply of these cylinders convenient
for use, and also the paper prepared es
pecially for the reception of messages.
To make sure that everything shall be
arranged perfectly, T. D. Yarrington, an
expert with pigeons, will go out with the
birds on the Lady Mine to-day. Mr. Yar
rington goes under the directions of Mr.
Carlisle. He will give the birds to Miss
Doud, pointing out Daisy to her, that the
champion may be selected to make the
flight. BSSPPP.
Mr. Carlisle said last night that this
opportunity to get into prompt communi
cation with the Farallones on this interest
ing occasion has been afforded through
the courtesy of the Pilot Commissioners,
especially Captain Charles Mayo and Cap
tain Barker, the efficient secretary of the
commission. Through them the pilot
boat was provided especially to carry out
tbe homers. Mr. Beemer, the principal
ligbtkeeper at the Farallones, will un
doubtedly co-operate.
The birds, other than Daisy, will for the
most part be used for bringing in mes
sages from the Farallones concerning ships
Daisy, the Fleetest Homing Pigeon on the Pacific Coast. Daisy-
Will Bring the First News of the Arrival of the Swanhilda.
and weather for the use of the commer
cial community and Weather Bureau.
Several bieds may be use I to send in news
from the Swanhilda describing her x prog
ress. This is probably the first time on
earth that a dove has been employed in
helping to bring to justice a fugitive mur
derer.
Captain Merry, secretary of the Cham
ber of Commerce, who has largely bplpea
to establish the pigeon line at the Faral
lones, is much interested in this exploit*.
"SIGHT" POLICE COURT.
The Proposition Opposed by At
torneys Who Practice in
the Courts.
Whether It Will Be Carried Into
Effect Wi 1 L rgs v Depend
on Chiei Crowley.
The proposition to bold a night session
of one of the Police courts is meetin. ***ith
strong opposition from attorneys who
practice in the courts.
They sneer at the idea and say that it is
impracticable, as it would be unjust- to
the defendant in a case from the Inct that
he would not have an opportunity to pro
cure his witnesses.
"It is an absurd thing on the face of it,"
said one of the attorneys last night, "and
looks to me like a bluff to catch cheat)
popularity. True, it works well in New
York, but there they have what are
termed general sessions and special ses
sions.
- "A magistrate sits all the time in gen
eral sessions, and .when a prisoner is
arrested be is at once taken before him.
If the evidence is not sufficient to convict
the magistrate sends the prisoner home,
but if on the contrary he believes other-,
wise he remands the prisoner into cus
tody to be tried before three magistrates,
who sit during the day In special sessions."
It was pointed out to him that there
was very little difference between the sys
tem in New York and the proposed inno
vation here, but he failed to see it that
way, admitting, however, that it would be
a good thing to have, a Judge in attend
ance from 8 p. m. till 2 a. m. for the pur
pose of accepting bonds. ,
There has not yet been any meeting of
the lour Judges and the Chief of Police to
discuss the proposal, but it will probably
be held in the beginning of the week. If
the Chief should see no obstacle in the
way of holding the ni<:ht court the proba
bility is that it will be carried into effect
without delay.
A Thousand -Dollar Fire.
An alarm was sounded from box 69 at 8:20
o'clock last evening for a fire in a two-story
frame building, owned by James* O'Connor, in
the rear of 31 Perry street. Tbe lower floor of
the building is occupied by Chris Martensen
as a stable and tbe upper by John Ga mm els as
; dwelling. The damage to the building- and
ts contents amounted to about $800. A two
tory dwelling-bouse occupied by J. Hennesy,
>2 Silver street, also caught fire, and was dam
ped to the extent of $200. The cause of the
.laze is unknown.
. -_ — __. m -
ACTOR HAWARTH IN TOWN
He Arrived I_a.t Night and "Will Ap
pear Here ln Four Different
* Plays. -
Joseph Haworth, Mme. Mod jeska's lead
ing man, by some likened to Booth be
cause of his talent, arrived here from New
"York last nigh:, and is at the Occidental.
He will appear at the Baldwin Theater
with Modjeska to-morrow night in
"Mas-da."
Mr. Haworth appears to be little more
than 30 years of age. He is about 5 feet
10 inches high, compactly built and weigh
ing about 180 pounds. He is what would
be called a handsome man. The talented
actor said be had bad a pleasant trip
across the country.
Many San Francisco playgoers will
doubtless remember Mr. Haworth as the
hero in the thrilling melodrama "Paul
Kauvar," which caught the crowds for so
long a period. He is exceedingly versa
tile in all kinds of stage work.
He has been playing the leading part in
BretHarte's "Sue" for some time past,
and it is stated that he is to receive $500 a
week and expenses for severing his con
nection with that company. He has
played in "Magda" before, taking the part
of ihe Major. Mme. Modj_>ka thinks his
Macbeth is the most perfect she has ever
seen. '
There will be five nights of "Magda."
"Mary Stuart" will follow, and then
•'Maeueth" and "Lecouvreur" will be put
on. The company will play on tue coast
about four wee_s.
LANDSCAPES REPAIRED.
The Wreck and Restoration of One of
Keith's Great Paintings.
Keith propose-* that his canvases shall
live. One of bis best and biggest recent
works has just been through a remark
able experience nnd is about to make a
second trip to Washington and become an
example of what a great artist can do as a
tinker as well as a painter of pictures.
It will be remembered that last year
Keith painted "The Discovery of San
Francisco by Portala, 1769," for the com
petition in the portrayal of the discovery
of the bay. It was a striking picture, in
Keith's inimitable style, end last fall it
was bought by Mrs. Hearst, who admired
it greatly.
Two months ago it was shipped to her at
Washington, magnificently framed and
carefully boxed. Of ho*"* it happened
there is no story, but when it got to
Washington' the box was a wreck and
there were fourteen holes in the canvas.
An arm could go throush most of them.
Mountains were rent in twain, clouds
were torn from the soft sky and Port-'a'-<
troopers were horribly butchered. Mr.-.
Hearst shipped it back", hopeless that even
the creator could restore it, but when
Keith got over the blues he tackled the
awful wreck. A new canvas was glued to
the back and each shred was carefully
smoothed into its place. Then patiently
and skillfully each rent was filled with
paint, pressed in, and scraped smooth
when dry.
Then the original tints were laid on,
and so enthusiastic did t c painter be
come that be brightened the sunset in
honor of the resurrection and further
glorified the clouds. Now the picture is
ready to go to Washington again, and so
perfectly is the wreck repaired that the
closest inspection of both back and front
does not give the fain .est sii__*°stion that
the magnificent painting ever knew a
rent.
The work shows that a groat oil paint
ing can be mended and the tinker's art
concealed, so that for repair purposes a
fine oil painting is ahead of most other
things. . •■'.■"'
Keith is soon to be honored by having
seven of bis best California landscapes in
troduced to the attention of Washington
soe'ety people and art lovers at a recep
tion to be given by Mrs. Hearst for the
purpose in her Washington home. ,
Our Opinion
In to-day's Toyn Talk covers strongly ex
pressed criticisms upon the Police Court
method of enforcing the law, the funding bill,
the Maguire -Johnson controversy and the cur
rent issues. The Saunterer gives the latest
town gossip, political, social and otherwise,
while the musical and stage departments are
made exceptionally interesting with reviews
of the latest concerts. There is also a letter
from the Legislature and some spicy gossip
about the Capital City's 400. In fact, every
line of reading matter iv the twenty-eight
pages which form Town Talk's regular weekly
Issue is original and of the highest standard.
"A Tale of Matrimonial Mesalliances," which
tells the family history of some of our 400,
will set every ton!.. ie wagging and everybody
guessing. Town Talk can be had of any news
dealer. :' . _ _".-•' . • *
A Y. M. 1. "Lecture.
To-morrow evening a lecture will be de
livered by Hon. M. M. Estee in Metropolitan
Hall on "The Groundwork of Our Liberties,",
under the auspices :of Washington Council,
Y. M. L This is one of the lectures that have
been arranged by the Central Lecture Bureau
of the order. The following is the programme
of the evening: Organ prelude, Miss Marie
Glorglani; opening remarks. John J. Barrett,
president of the evening; vocal solo, Mrs. F. L.
Wratteu; 'cello solo. Dr. A. T. Rege nsburger ;
lecture, "The Groundwork of Our Liberties,"
Hon. M. M. Estee; organ postlude, Miss Marie
Giorgiani. '_•'■'"■
. Fob business men or country, merchants
the Buss House is the best place in S. F.*
BRIGHT LIGHT
TO A BLIND EYE
Strange Revelation That
Came to a Man ly a
Crookes Tube.
Charles Eisasser Saw Light and
Motion in an X-Ray
Laboratory.
His Right Eye, Which Could Not Per
ceiv? the Sun, Saw the Weird
F uoresc.nt G ow.
Tbat the ways of the X ray with human
and other tnings are yet a long way ahead
of the finding out of them has one of its
illustrations in the remarkable experience
of a one-eyed man, whose sightless eye
was flooded with the mysterious waves in
Professor Van der Naillen's X-ray labora
tory the other day.
No doctors have known or theorized
about this case yet, as they undoubtedly
will do when tbe story is bruited among
them. Many pathologists here and
abroad have led blind people up to the
B'range flasks of emptiness called Crookes
tubes to study the po-isible effects of the
new-found vibrations on useless organs of
vision, and varied have been the results.
Some of the blind have perceived nothing.
Some have been transported by knowing
the sense of light again.
The strangeness of the case of Charles
Elsasser lies in the fact that though he
cannot perceive with his injured eye the
presence of an arc light in a room he is
able to see as a weird glowing the light of
the Crookes tube in operation, and further
more it appears brighter to his injured
than to his normal eye.
Mr. Elsa-ser is about 35 years of age,
and for some time has been assistant en
gineer at the power-house of tbe Edison
Light and Power Company. Eight years
ago, while working at a machine, a little
piece of steel struck him in bis right eye,
leaving a scar across the cornea, and oth
erwise injuring the ball.
During these sight years his right eye
has been absolutely sightless, not convey
ing even the dimmest impression of light
when it was turned to the sun* with his
left eye closely covered.
Two weeks ago curiosity about the X
rays took him to Professor Van der Nail
len's laboratory, and while ho was there
R. Leo Van der Naillen, who attends to the
X-ray experiments, thought to try the
rays on El^asser's blind eye. El-asser
covered his good eye and looked into the
flnoroscope with the otber eye; he could
see nothing.
He was asked to look directly at the
lube when it was aglow, and he instantly
said, "That's the first time in eight years
that I have seen light with that eye."
When he was asked what it looked like
he said it was a bright greenish ball of fire.
When his back was turned to the Crookes
tube and he turned to it again with his
left eye tightly covered his blind
eyo would move and fix it-elf on the
light as any normal eye will. Further
more, when a hand was out over t'-e light
it brought darkness to him, and when
fingers were opened and closed between
the light and his eye he could see the
movement as that of shadows.
Young Mr. Van der Naillen was much
interested and arranged for further ex
periments, but two or three days later El
sasser caght bis arm in a belt and had it
crushed so that it had to be amputated.
He is now ih St. Mary's Hospital, on the
way to recovery, and there he yesterday
confirmed the story of his experience,
though he was not inclined to discuss it
much under the circumstances.
"I had not seen light with that eye for
eight years," he said, "but I not only saw
that light but it seemed brighter to that
eye than to my good one."
As he gets along very well with one eye,
he is naturally not as deeply interested in
the discovery as he would be if he were
totally blind, but the scientific interest of
the case is just as great.
CLUB IN EUREKA VALLEY.
Citizens Residing Near Twin Peaks
I. aye Organized for Improvement.
The residents and property-owners of
Eureka Valley organized "themselves into
an improvement club last night on Dan
vers street, at which the following officers
were elected: President, S. Wyatt; sec
retary, S. N. Norton; executive commit
tee— 8. Wyatt, James C. Brown, James
Quinu, M. Mibnch, H. Schroeder, H.
Schliemann and A. Petzold. ,
The principal topic brought before the
club was the extending of Seventeenth
street frora Douglass to Clara avenue,
where it joins the Corbett road.
This question has long been agitated
by the people of Eureka Valley and has
been before courts for a number oi years.
Until - a decision is rendered by the Su
preme Court the vexed question will re
m .in in statu quo.
A resolution was introduced asking the
Board of Supervisors to add two electric
lights on State street, between Castro and
Duncan, and one on* Merritt street.
The following delegates were elected to
the Associated Improvement Clubs: S. N.
Norton, S. Wvatt, H. S. Drieschmann,. M.
Mibach and E. Mcßride.
OLYMPIC CLUB WEESTLERS.
Gladiators Who Have Filtered for the
Tournament This Month.
The following are the entries for the
Olympic Club's wrestling tournament,
which will take place on the 28th inst.:
125-pound class —J. Meagles, Columbia
Athletic Club; H. Gelder, Oakland Athletic
Club; F. Butler, Olympic Club. 135-pound
class— J. J. Phillips, Olympic Club; L. Mam
bock, Columbia Athletic Club; _"*. G. Ely,
Olympic Club. 145-pound class— G. Eckhardt,
Olympic Club; R. .wixson, . Oakland Athletic
Club; F. G. Ely, Olympic . Club. 158-pound
class— R. B. Cornell and G. Biidebrant, Olym
pic Club; C. Peterson, Columbia Athletic Club;
D. Mahoney, Olympic Club; F. Hoffmann, San
Francisco Turn Vereln. Heavy-weights— R. B.
Cornell, D. Mahoney and G. Hiidebrant,
Olympic Club; Charles Peterson. Columbia
Athletic Club. Special match at 136 pounds
N. Brown, Multnomah Athletic Club, Portland,
and C. T. Kreling of the Olympic Club.
Members can invite their lady friends
to see the gladiators on the mat, and Pro
fessor Meihling has given his word and
honor that he will look as pretty as a
peach when called upon to explain the
difference between a choke hold and a
crotch lock.
AN ESCAPED '? TBI. STY."
Frank Mason, Alias Pope, Discovered ln
the Icon Angeles Prison.
Frank Mason, alius Pope, while, a
"trusty" in the City Prison made his
escape in December, 1895. He was dust
ing Captain Wittman's room, and gave
the policeman who was watching him the
slip. 'He had been sentenced to a year's
imprisonment three : months before ■ for
steal me tome tools from; the warehouse of
Scott, Sioss & Miller. , : *
The police learned yesterday that Mason
had * been sentenced in Los Angeles on
December 16 last to five months' impris
onment for petty larceny there, and when
be has served his term he wiil be brought
back here.
NEW TO-DAY. ~
j^^^^^^S^_^-_s-_s^-_-**3S_sQ
fig Any sarsaparilla is sarsaparilla. True. So any *_i£
ife tea is tea. So any flour is flour. But grades differ. QJ
(jQ You want the best. It's so with sarsaparilla. There §£
*& are grades. You want the best. If you understood jj^J
fox sarsaparilla as well as you do tea and flour it Jfk
£% would be easy to determine. But you don't. How £?_;
lis? should you ? 4S
vjj? should you ? 4ih
ftp When you are going to buy a commodity «3?
Jjg whose value you don't know, you pick out an old gy\
Cq established house to trade with, and trust their 5*
]|JS experience and reputation. Do so when buying £y)
fjC> sarsaparilla. 9£
iIS Ayer's Sarsaparilla I? 'is been" on the market £j)
(JO fifty years. Your grandfather used Ayer's. It is a &
*$> reputable medicine.. There are many sarsaparillas. &3
6? Butpnly one Ayer's. IT CURES. .. , SK*.
WHO WILL BE THE
POLICE INSPECTORS
Speculation Rife as to
the Lucky Ap
pointees.
They Will Be Selected From
the Present Six Cap
tains.
If the Bill Before the Legislature
' Should Pass There Will Be Pro
motions Along the Line.
The police bill now before the Legisla
ture has been a leading topic of conversa
tion among the members of the depart
ment since its introduction.
The fact that a bill providing for an
increase in the salaries of the Chief to
$5000, captains to $2500 and detectives to
$1800 would be submitted to the Legisla
ture was published in The Call several
weeks ago, but it was not known that pro
vision had been made for the appointment
of two inspectors at a salary of $3000 each
until the bill" was introduced about a
week ago.
It is this new feature tbat has caused so
much talk in the department. The origi
nal idea was to provide for the appoint
ment of a Deputy Chief at a salary of
$3000, but this has apparently been aban
doned and two inspectors substituted,
which is more in accordance with the
custom that prevails in the police depart
m nts in the large Eastern cities.
The appointment of inspectors is looked
upon as a step in the right direction, as
they would assume a large amount of the
responsibility and duties that is now
borne entirely by the Chief.
The probability is that the City would
be divided into two districts. Cne inspector
would have charge of the district now
controlled by Captain Wittman and Cap
tain Dunlevy, which includes the water
front, and the other the district controlled
by Captian Spillane and Captain Galen,
including the Potrero.
The inspectors would have absolute
power in their respective districts, but of
course they would be subject to the orders
of the Chief, and each would have his
headquarters in the district assigned to
him. _*Ss*__o
Already speculation is. rife as to who
will be the fortunate ones if the bill
should pass and receive the Governor's
signature. The bill provides that the in
spectors shall be selected from the six
captains, viz.: Lees, Wittman, Spillane,
Gillen, Dunlevy and Robinson. It is be
lieved that Captain Lees would not care
tQ retire from the position he has so ad
mirably filled for nearly half a century to
accept tbe position as inspector, as in the
event of Chief Crowley retiring soon he
would in all probability succeed him.
Captain Robinson is in charge of the
City Prison, and the other four have each
the control of a district. The two lucky
ones would, therefore, be selected frem
these five, and Wittman and Spillane are
said to be at the head of the list.
The promotion of two of the captains to
be inspectors would necessitate the pro
motion of two lieutenants to fill the vacan
cies. There are five lieutenants, viz.:
Birdsali, Burke, Bennett, Hanna and
Esola. The names of the two first men
tioned are spoken of, and their promotion
would in turn lead to the promotion of
two sergeants to be lieutenants, and of
NEW TO-DAY.
m owl "
DRUG CO.
CUT-RATE
-DRUGGISTS,
.-•REE SAMPLE.
*■■
Dr. Ira Baker's Tar and Wild Cherry
Cough B.lsam, Safe, Sure and
Quick, Cures Coughs, Colds and
Bronchitis.
SO CURE, M PAY. SAMPLE BOTTLE
FREE.
We are selling good Whisky for medi-
cal and family use. Buy it of us yoa
save money and get the best.
Walker's Canadian Club, 8. size fl bottle
Martin's Baltimore Rye, 81 50 5ize'....... $1 bottle
Cutter's Bourbon Whisky, 81 25 size. ...85c ttle
Allen's Pure Walt Whisky, 81 2- size.. ..85c bottle
Hermitage Whisky, 81 5ize......; 75c bottle
'Stanford's Vina Brandy, 81 50 size 81 bottle
Jockey Club Rye Whisky, 81 50 size. 81 bottle
Blue Grass Bourbon Whisky, 81 60 slzn.'.fl bottle
Burkes Old Iri .h Whisky, 81 75 size. .81 25 bottle
Fine Old Pepper Whisky, 91 50 size 90- bottle
Hennessy Three- -tar Brandy, 82 50 size. 82 bo tie
1128 Market St.. San Francisco.
Cor. Tenth and Broadway, Oakland.
320 South Spring St., Los Angeles.
two. patrolmen to be sergeants, so that
there would be promotion all along the
line.
TEE CHUTES TO-DAY.
The Halcht-Street (.rounds T. ill Ko
Open Afternoon and .livening.
The Chutes will be reopened to-day, and
in the afternoon Brown, the one-legged
cyclist, will coast down the long slide and
land in the lake on his wheel; Kosto will
walk down the chutes on a globe, and
there will be a potato-race. In the even
ing Brown and Kosto will repeat their
performances, and the ammatoscope will
show a number of new scenes. Sunday
afternoon and evening the principal at
traction will be Bristol's thirty perform
ing horses, ponies and donkeys.
The Piute Baseball Team.
If Mr. Pulsifer, the manager of the Indian
baseball team, can carr*' out all that he desires
San Francisco will have a chance to see the
most novel entertainment ever given on a ball
field, as the Indians are great runners and
throwers. He will give prizes not only for
those performances but others that will be
more than interesting and funny, and the
Alerts will have a chance to win some of them.
The game will be called at the regular hour,
and from that time until dark every one will
see something worth looking at.
Arrested on Suspicion.
Joseph Oliver, a young/man, was arrested
yesterday morning by Policeman M. L. Mul
lender and when searched a piece of iron, a
"jimmy" and a knife tied up in a sack were
found in .is po**s*ssion. He >vas locked up in
the "tanks," pending an investigation. He
tells a n.ausible story and' will probably be
discharged.
JTKW TO-DAT.
MARKET-STREET STORE.
SPECIAL
DRESS GOODS
BARGAINS.
Derby Check Suitings.
PALE
* ■ PRICE
Silk and Wool Mixtures, neat designs, ±.{J\J.
good colorings, 36 inches wide,
regular value at 40c... .....Per Yard
Market-street store only.
Aberdeen Cheviot Suitings.
SALE
TUICE
Light and Dark Colorings, strictly all '/ K/_
wool, stripes and mottled effects, fcjUO-
width 30 to 40 inches, price has
been 50c Per Yard
; • _ Market-street store only.
_ .
Dress Silks.
NOW
Black Brocade Gros Grain Dress Silks, _J*_. 0_
Black Brocade Gros Grain Dress Silks, UUU.
heavy quality, choice designs, that '
are good value at 85c Per Yard
On sale at both stores.
Drapery Silks. NO
V AT
Printed Drapery Silks, 32 inches fl ["i
wide, choice colors and designs /t\P
that were 50c. Gilt Printed Heavy U\J\Js
Grade Silks for drapery uses, 36
.Inches wide, were 50c Per Yard
.'.--*■ . \On sale at both stores.
WE ARE SOLE AGENTS
„.' FOR ■ *'
"COLUMBIA KID GLOVES."
AT
Buttons or clasps, up to date in /hi
make and embroidery. "Every V*!
pair guaranteed"....... (Jf Xt
KOHLBERC,
STRAUSS &
FROHMAN,
107 AND 109 POST STREET
—-AND-
1220-1222-1224 Market St. \
<KH>o<K_K><_K_>^
AN EXCELLENT
t
TC Jr'Tr" A T Properly prepared and
\\l\ i""'' f\ I promptly served, can
AYXJL____ mmmmmtt always be obtained in
THE GRILL ROOM OF THE
Decided iv the AT A/*» I '
E B _;S. r ALACfc
ment in town. »m_-_i-nj ____n ■ . —
<K>oo<K><KK><XK)o
78
A MONSTER STREET ROLLER
GOES ON A WILD RAMPAGE
It Rushes Furiously Down the Steep Baker- Street
Hill and Does Damage in All
Directions-
BRAKES OUT OF ORDER.
A Lamp Post, Electric Wire
Pole and a Store Front
Demolished.
BRAVERY OF THE ENGINEER.
.".arrow Escape of George Heinemann's
Store From Being Totally
Destroyed.
Contractor Michael Loftus' huge eight
ton steam street roller or traction locomo
tive got away from the control of the
Operator yesterday forenoon on the steep
block of Baker street between Fulton and
McAllister. Before it was stopped it de
molished a street lamp, cut a large elec
tric-light wire pole in two and tore out
the corner support to E. Rhodes' new
grocery-store, on the corner of Fulton and
Baker streets. Strange to say, no one was
killed or even injured.
It was, indeed, remarkable that so little
The People at Baker an it Fulton Street; Fled in Terror When
Mike Loftus* Runaway Traction Steam Street -Roller
Crashed Into E. Rhodes* Grocery Store.
damage was done by the monster run
away machine. It will be remembered
that these machines consist of very large,
rollers surmounted by a donkey engine
that furnishes the motive power. The
smaller roller is used to guide the affair.
For several days the street contractors
have been laying the concrete foundation
of the block mentioned. After them came
the men who placed the basalt pavement
upon the concrete, and last of all was the
roller, the mission of which was to firmly
pack, by its great weight, the basalt pave
ment. The block trom Fulton to McAl
lister streets is very steep, probably an 8
per cent grade.
When the men with the roller appeared
for work yesterday morning a controversy
arose, several expressing the opinion that
the basalt was too slippery for the ma
chine to work well, particularly as a driz
zling rain had made the new pavement
very slippery.
At last it was decided to go ahead with
the work, rain or no rain. Back and forth
the huge roller zigzagged across the street
as it worked its way up the hill. George
Heinemann, who keeps a small grocery
stoie on the northeast corner of Fulton
straet, at the foot of the hill was beside
himself with fear. "If that thing should
get loose," he exclaimed, "it would crush
my little store into kindling woo
For fifteen minutes he hurried around
the neighborhood to get half a dozen bales
of hay to place against his wall as a barri
cade against the monster, bat he failed to
secure even a straw.
At last the huge engine reached the top
of the hill, and the tillerman threw tbe
tiller to port, and the roller answered
handsomely and started on its way down
the hill. An exclamation from the en
gineer showed that there was something
wrong. >V___B
The ponderous machine had started
slowly enough, but at every second its
speed increased alarmingly. The engi
neer and tillerman stood by their posts
like heroes. When near the east sidewalk
a turn was made and the roller started to
the west. ; Midway of the street it made
another sharp turn and headed east again.
Meanwhile the engineer was struggling
with the lever to reverse the motion, but
it would not reverse. The tiller, too, failed
to answer, and with a rush the eight-ton
machine started on destruction bent. It
was headed for Heineniann's little grocery
store.
The latter by good fortune was saved.
Midway of the block stood an iron street
lamppost, and clo.e to it was an electric
light wire pole, 18 inches square at the
base. -*_
On flew the huge monster. The
street - lamp fell first and glass and
broken iron were scattered all over
the sidewalk. A second later and the
roller struck the electric light pole. To
the surprise of a dozen or more spectators,
the force of the blow broke the large tim
ber off close to the (.round, and again
about twenty feet from the ground. The
shock threw the engineer and tillerman
high into the air, but they landed on the
ground uninjured. The big roller was
checked for a moment, bat only for a mo
ment.
With almost a human cussedness that
sometimes animates inanimate things the
locomotive turned and made for the cor
ner diagonally opposite. There E. Rhodes
has recently completed a fine new gro
cery-store with large glass windows and a
large wooden column that supported the
overhanging stories above. For this new
creation of man tbe wild roller rushed
with a sullen rumble that meant mischief.
The engineer started after the, runaway
and with a bound landed on the platform,
and the tillerman seized a large block of
wood, which he threw in front of the
roller. Tbe whole machine went over
the obstacle with a bound and resumed
its course for Khodes' plate-glass front.
Suddenly the reverse brake gave way and
the steam moved the piston in the oppo
site direction. The momentum of the
roller, however, was so great that it
cleared the sidewalk with a rush and car
ried away the wooden column on the cor
ner of the building with a crash. Half of
the entrance to the store was also ripped
out and hurled across the sidewalk on
Fulton street. It was a narrow escape for
the plate-glass front.
Having done all the damage it could,
within a space of not over a minute, the
large iron mass yielded to the hand of the
master and stood still, while the donkey
engine snorted defiantly through the
steam safety-valve. Previous to the runa
way there were a goodly gathering of peo
ple on the sidewalks, but they all beat a
rapid retreat when they saw that the iron
and steam monster had gone on the ram
page. Besides demolishing the lamp post,
electric-light pole and the column at the
store entrance, the roller tore up a part of
the new pavement and smashed down
several sections of street curbings on both
sides of the street.
The engineer afterward explained that
the runaway was caused by the slippery
pavement and the brake controlling the
movements of the machine getting out
of order in consequence ofthe great strain
to which it had to be subjected. A little
later he put on steam and took the big
dangerous locomotive down town.
"Thank goodness that it is gone," ex
claimed grocer Heinemann. "If it had not
been for the electric wire pole the roller
would have mashed my little store as flat
as a Sunday school picnic sandwich.' '
MRS. DIMOND HAS
SAILED FOR HOME
Vows That She Will Make
Trouble for Her
Husband.
Will Also Bring Several Suits
for Defamation of Her
Character.
When She His Done All This She
Will N xt Enter Upon a
Theatrical Career.
The steamer Coptic, which set sail for
Honolulu yesterday, core the persons of
Mrs. W. W. Dimond and A. J. Moore, for
the past two years press agent for the Or
pheum. There were half a hundred
friends at the wharf to see Mrs. Dimond
eff, among them Consul-General Wilder,
who waved a good-by and was wafted a
kiss in return.
Prior to her departure Mrs. Dimond
spent some time in conversation with Mrs.
Anderson, the costumer, who will give
her imagination full sway in evolving
fairy and dazzling creations for the lady
during the five weets required to fight her
husband in the divorce courts before she
can return and take the theatrical world
by storm.
"Stage fever has been a constant afflic
tion with me for a good while," she said,
"and though I care not to place myself in
the position of throwing bouquets at a
looking-glass, must state that 1 have in
tended to make use of my voice for a long
time and have studied assiduously with
that purpose in view.
"Mr. Moore has signed me for twenty
weeks, the contract to be fulfilled here in
San Francisco. It will be either burlesque
or light opera, and announcements w.ll
be made in due time.
~"Oh, by the way, let me state that I
paid my own bill at this hotel, that 1
registered in my own name, and that
most positively I have not seen Mr. Wil
son since yesterday morning have I, Mr.
Moore?" appealing at this juncture to her
theatrical manager, who nodded assent.
■ Mrs. Dimond denied for the twentieth
time in strong terms the charge made
against her by her husband. She also
reiterated her statements as regards his
conduct
"Mr. Dimond is going to receive the
surprise of his life," said Mrs. Dimond,
setting her teeth hard. "Pride has kept
me silent during years of harsh treatment,
but this is the straw that broke the camel's
back.
"He counted on the conditions being
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY JANUARY 17, 1897.
such that I wuld.be unable to reply.to his
charges at this time, but he is going to find
himself badly fooled. He hopes to relin
quish neither mv child nor any of his prop
erty, but I think he will be disappointed.
Moreover, I intend bringing charges for
defamation of character against one or two
prominent residents of Honolulu. What
I intend to prove will give the scandal
mongers over there something else to roll
their tongues around for a while."
OLDEST LITIGANT IN THE WORLD
this Is Probably tlio Distinction a New
Jersey Woman Enjoys.
Mrs. Christinl French of Chester Town
ship, Burlington County, 102 years 4
months and 22 days old, bas just won a
suit in the New Jersey Supreme Court,
which she instituted in November last.
Mrs. French is probably the oldest litigant
in the world, and tne favorable termina
tion of her action speaks volumes for her
present clearness of mind. She is a New
Jersey woman, and one who has probably
seen less of the outside world than many
city children eighty or ninety years her
junior.
Mrs. French was born in Chester Town
ship on August 1, 1794, and during her life
of almost 103 years she says she has never
lived a single day in any other place.
Since the death of her parents, about
seventy-five years ago, she has practically
stood at the head of her family, although
once married, and uo to the present day
she transacts all her business, except that
which may require a long journey.
The maiden name of the aged litigant
was Christina Slim, and early in the cen
tury she married Louis C. French. Five
children were born to the couple, one of
whom, a son. still lives. Since her earliest
recollection Mrs. French says she recalls
only one day's sickness, and that was
about four weeks ago. While seated in her
parlor she was suddenly stricken with
palsy, but in a few days she had com
pletely recovered and to-day Is in the
best of health. >
Mra. French attributes her remarkable
age and health to her mode 01 living.
Since childhood her evening meal has al
ways been of mush and milk, and under
no circumstances would she partake of
any cither food before retiring. She has
little faith in the curative powers of medi
cines, and when ailing her only remedy
is a dram of whisky.
Mrs. French has some means, and upon
the interest she is enabled to live com
fortably. In April, 1882, she loaned $200
on a promissory note made by Joseph
Benable and Lewis Fowler, and was to re
ceive annually interest at 6 per cent. Her
business judgment told her that an in
dorser of means would make the loan more
secure, and, although 90 years old when
the loan was contracted, Mrs. French se
cured the proper indorser in Joseph R.
Harris. The makers of the note paid $12
regularly each year for ten years, properly
renewing the one-year note each time, but
failed to pay the interest in 1891. 1894, 1895
and 189.). After due warning Mrs. French
placed the note in the hands of her coun
sel, Aaron E. Burrof Mornstown, with in
structions to bring suit against Mr. Harris.
''Don't bother with any of the small
county courts," was Mrs. French's injunc
tion to her counsel, "but go straight to
Trenton and sue in the Supreme Court."
This Lawyer Burr did, with the result
that judgment was obtained fors2ss 44,
being the amount of the note with inter
est and costs to date. The amount was
assess.d by Benjamin F. Lee, clerk of the
court, on the clear statement of the trans
action made to the court by Mrs. French.
The actual costs of the suit amounted to
$30 93, and by adding this with the inter
est it was found that Mrs. French's in
vestment has netted her $206 37 profit
since 1882.
The aged litigant has advised her coun
sel to give her debtor a reasonable time in
which to settle the judgment. She says
she "never got to Jawing in her young
days, and never was to law before, but she
always told her folks that when she did
go to law she would carry it clean through
to the end." She threatens to levy upon
Mr. Harris' worldly effects unless be set
tles the judgment within a reasonable
time. — Trenton cor. New Yorfc Tribune.
Where He Drew the I.inc.
Among the first stories recorded by T.
E. Pritt in his "Anglers' Basket," is one
about a Scottish laird who was relating
the story of a fine fish he had caught one
day to his friends at the dinner table.
"Donald," said he to the servant be
hind his chair — an old man, but a new
servant — "how heavy was the fish
I took yesterday?" Donald neither
spoke nor moved. The laird repeated the
question. "Weel," repliad Donald, "it
was twal' pund at breakfast, it had gotten
to achteen at dinner time, and it was sux-
PRESIDENT WILLIAM F. HUMPHREY of the Pacific Associa
tion of the Amateur Athletic Union, Who Has Been
Appointed Registrar of All Amateur Athletes in Calif of
and-twenty when ye sat down to supper
with the captain." Then after a pause he
added: "I've been tellin' lees a' my life to
please the shooters, but I'll be blowed if
I'm going to tell lees noo, through my old
age, to please the f ushers."
Revived Him.
An editor was one day confronted by a
gentleman, who exclaimed:
"In your paper you. report that lam
dead."
"You may rely," said the editor, "on
the truth of everything you" read in our
journal."
But his visitor was .not comforted by
this assurance, and asked that a contra
diction should be published in the next
issue. To this the editor firmly declined
to assent; but, being pressed to make some
amends, he finally offered to insert the
gentleman's name in the following day's
list of births.— Tit-Bits. . . ■.*•..
--■.■ **. — ; — ;• ' *►*»■» — — ; ...
A prominent doctor says tennis is the
( most healthful of all recreations..
ALL ATHLETS
TO BE NUMBERED
Amateur Union of United
States Issues a
Decree.
W. F. Humphrey of This City
P.aced on Registration
Committee.
Hereafter a Man Must Be Recorded as
an Amateur to Be So
Recognizjd.
At the latest meeting of the Amateur
Athletic Union held in New York a few
days since a new scheme was adopted for
controlling and identifying all tbe bona
fide amateur athletes in the United State?.
Hereafter every person who would De I
considered an amateur athlete must be •
properly registered and numbered. i
Wherever ha may go or compete in ath- j
letic contest his registration number and j
certificate will be taken as proof of his j
amateur standing. No person without a j
number will be recognized, and no person j
will be registered until his amateur stand- )
ing shall have been clearly proved.
A careful record will then be kept of !
athletes by numbers, and by a simple sys- j
tern of frequent notification among the j
different branches of the Amateur Union |
the exact standing of individuals may be I
readily ascertained. There will be no I
duplicate numbers. Registration will j
take place every year and at a charge of
$1, half of which will go to the union and i
half to the association making the regis- |
tration. If a person be guilty of profes
sional conduct, or, generally speaking, if >
he fails to compete for a year, his number
will be withdrawn.
This registration scheme will be in effect
for all amateur contests after March 1,
1897.
. The Amateur Athletic Union of the
United States is the main organization for
the control of amateur athletic matters in
this country. It has its regular officers,
its board of governors, its standing and
special committees, all made up of chosen ,
men in various parts of the country. The j
president is H. McMillan of Philadelphia, ;
the secretary James E. Sullivan of New ;
York, the treasurer J. W. Kelly of Wood
bury, N. J.
For convenience the territory is divided I
up into seven associations, embracing a i
total of 180 amateur athletic organiza- j
tions. There is the New England Asso- j
ciation with its twenty-live athletic clubs, i
tho Metropolitan Association with its i
forty-two clubs, the Atlantic Association ■
with its sixty-five clubs, the Central Asso
ciation with its eleven clubs, the Pacific
Association with its eighteen clubs in Cal
ifornia, the Pacific Northwest Association !
with its ten clubs and the Southern Asso
ciation with its nine clubs.
The Pacific Association, of which W. F. !
Humphrey of this City is president, is I
made up of the following club members: !
Stanford University, Reliance Club, Olym
pic Club, South End Rowing Club, Acme I
club, San Francisco Y. M. C. A., Oakland I
Y. M. C. A., Sacramento Athletic Club, |
St. Mary's College, Fresno Athletic Club, j
Stockton Athletic Club, Oakland Athletic j
Club, Dolphin Rowing Club, Pioneer Row- i
ing Club, Ariel Rowing Club, San Fran- '
cisco Athletic Club, Lurlin. Swimming
and Polo Club, University of California.
When the announcement of the new '
registration scheme was communicated to
the heads of the different associations a
registrar of amateur athletes was also ap
pointed for each district. For the Pacitic
Association, embracing California, Ne
vada and Arizona, William F. Humphrey
of San Francisco was commissioned to ex
amine and record athletes. At the same
time Mr. Humphrey was further honored
by being made a member of the Board of
Governors of the general organization.
He is now president of the Pacific Asso-
elation and has held the office for the past
two years, having been unanimously re
elected last year. Before his election to
the presidency of the Pacitic Association
he was vice-president for six months while
a member of the board of managers.
His term of office expires on the first of
next May, and though it is understood
that he may be re-elected simnly by con
senting to be a candidate, he has declared
positively tnat he will not accept re-elec
tion under any circumstances.
He will, however, act on the new regis
tration committee until the expiration, on
November 16. 1897, of the first term. Then
he purposes to sever his connection with
athletics.
Mr. Humphrey is not an athlete him
self, but during his connection with the
Pacific Association he has been a tireless
worker in the interest of pure amateur
sports. His efforts alone, like those of
John Elliott; of the Olympic Club, stand
out conspicuously. > They have accom
plished much for the good and for the en
NEW CLOTHING. _^_____. : __^___-__~~_-****~-^~
___l--_l-_--_-_-_^^
OUR GREAT AND BONA FIDE
UNLOADING SALE
, -OIE 1
Has caused a panic among the Clothiers
of this City.
It has also brought out in the race for patronage
those old and spavined horses called " Reduction,"
"Clearance," "Sweep" and fake "Removal" Sales,
backed up by lies, baits of shoddy and odds and
ends now
Dlil__ DlflT AII over town, from the Baldwin Hotel Tenderloin
II llli SlllJ 1 clear down to the slums of Barbary Coast. But the
Fine and Reliable Clothing which we are now sac-
rificing at paltry prices has knocked these FAKERS
higher than "Gilderoy's kite."
(
TUT DIIDI IP *-~*- ave f° r y ears P as daily read of tons of "cleverly
lIL 100 io i -- ored " goods which would be donated to the
people at large at half cost, but which upon inspec-
tion only turned out to be Prison and Chinese made
trash or odds and ends of shoddy marked at a big
profit to help pay the fabulous expenses of shops
whose main "drawing cards" were dime museum
attractions gotten up to catch unwary and verdant
victims.
flllQ 111 PL] And honest prices, coupled with upright and consci-
UUll ill Mil entious business methods, have made us famous
PI fl^^ POJISIR throughout this and neighboring States, and when
ULflOd bUUUO we sound
THE DA DP AIM ie P eo P' e turn out en masse, as we have their
I liC yHßuclili confidence, which we prize too highly to betray.
PRY ur present great and phenomenal massacre of
"" ■ values will be continued during this month, and it
will pay you to come hundreds of miles to partici-
pate in this great SLAUGHTER SALE of Men's and
Boys' Fine and Reliable Clothing now going on at
full blast at the old established stores well known
to you all as
' ii i i ■ i 1 1. i i ——■—■■ ii i i t ini
I t^»~i__ccc j i iMini.i j ie c ----- mn __.. — — - ... .. ********* < . . . . ,_,. ■-'
THE BIRTHPLACE OF GREAT AND HONEST BARGAINS,
200-208 KEARNY STREET, CORNER SUTTER
tf^g^" Satisfaction guaranteed and your money ~" !^fcjß
*%+**** back if you want it.
■ ■ ■ . ; .-.*.. ■ .
couragement of amateur athletics on this
It was Humphrey who undertook the
recent inquiry into the status of the Butte
football team, and it was he who brought
about the investigation of lax amateur
methods that resulted in the suspension
of the Acme Club.
He with his fellow-officers hopes now to
arouse an interest in amateur athletics in
this State greater than ever before by ar
ranging a great coast championship field
day to be held in this City next April, and
the gate receipts to be devoted to sending
the winning university athletic team East
as a worthy representative of California.
Napoleon Learns His Business.
"A few days after the thirteenth Vende
maire I happened, to be at the office of
fie general staff in the Rue Neuve dcs Ca
pucins, when General Bonaparte, who was
lodging in the house, came in. I can still
see his little hat, surmounted by a chance
plume badly fastened on, his tricolor sash
more than carelessly tied, his coat cut any
how, and a sword which in truth did not
seem tbe sort of weapon to make his for
tune. Flinging His hat on a large table
in the middle of the room, he went up to
an old general named Krieg, a man with
a wonderful knowledge of detail and the
author of a very good soldier's manual. He
made him take a seat beside him at the
table, and began questioning him, pen in
hand, about a host of facts connected with
the service and discipline. Somo of his
questions showed such a complete ignor
ance of the most ordinary things that sev
eral of my companious smiled. I was
myself struck by the number of
his question?, their order and their
rapidity. •...*.- * * But -. what struck
me still more was the spectacle
of a commander in chief perfectly
indifferent about showing his subordinates
how completely ignoraut he was of
various points of the business which the
junior of them was supposed to know per
fectly, and this rained ... him a _ hundred
cubits in ray' eye:."-- -From the Memoirs
of Baron Thiebault.
Very few of the Scotch peasantry now
wear the kilt. Most of the peasants dress
after the manner of Englishmen.
* .- - ■ ..-•■>•*■■-■ - .■ wm .**- -■■--..-.
SCIENTISTS EYE A
MURDERER'S BRAIN
William M. Roe's Body
Now Being Prepared
for Dissection.
The Organ of Thought Will Be
Removed and Closely
Examined.
It Will Prob_bly Then Ec Placed
Beside Jo: quia Marietta's
Picklei Head.
. ■
Murderer William M. Roe's brain still
remains in its bony bed, for the present
hidden from the eye of science. The
body of the assassin who died on the scaf
fold at Napa is, however, being prepared
for dissection and in a few days the organ
in which was concocted many a criminal
scheme will be removed. It will then be
placed among the State's anatomical mu
seum curiosities probably . beside the
pickled head of Joaquin Murietta.
: The brain will, no doubt, be found af
fected. Its owner committed several mur
ders, it is known. He confessed to having
slain twenty-six persons. This later state
ment is not believed to be true. Consider-
Ing this the physicians are of the belief
that the brain of a man who murdered
several people and then when caught as
sumed an air of bravado and lied about
the number, must certainly be abnormal.
His achievements as a murderer
however, have placed him on an unenvia
ble pedestal in California criminal his
tory.
Roe's body was taken to the College of
Physicians and Surgeons, 818 Howard
street, yesterday morning. It was
handled with unusual care by- the under
taKer of the institution, and will be thor
oughly prepared for the knife. The stu
dents of the college are wearing an air of
expectancy, but whether they are to have
the benefit of the murderer's bequest to
science or not remains to be seen
A Gavel for Campbell.
Police Judge Campbell was presented with a
beautiful silver ornamented gavel last Thurs
day evening by the members of the California
Social Club, which meets in Scottish Hall
every week. When ne entered the hall he was
met bj a bevy of young lady friends, who
escorted him to the staze. After the traasac
tion of the , routine affairs of the club the
president delivered the emblem of authority
to tne Judge, who in a very pretty speeches
pressed his gratitude for the present.
•NEW; TO-DAY.
£_g=&\ lA'QrQDfiWf. %SmW
l MI "T|.R
A^—«|k Have tbe Host' if
■ fe^expert staff ofljj
opticians on tbel""*w*
'f! PP Pacific Coast and &>,
fit eyes skill- -______<
fully aDd properly. All wcrkl^jj
guaranteed. Prices the lowest. m%&,
2 7 KEARNY STREET. 1 •Y.M . C A .TEAM
AGAIN VICTORIOUS
Lick Football Players De
feated by the Light
weights.
A Close and Interesting Contest
With the Score Six to
Fojir.
Effective " Tackle-Killer " Play Used
Upon Lick's Line— Summaries
of the Game.
The little Y. M. C. A. football team of
this City played its thirty-sixth game yes
terday afternoon at Central Park, and
came out of the contest still maintaining
its unique record of no defeats. It met
and vanquished the California School of
Mechanical Arts, otherwise the Lick Poly
technic School.
. But it was a close game. The score was
6to 4. Both teams made a singie touch
down exactly between the posts, and alter
'a long individual run. That the score was
not a tie is due to the failure of Left Half
back Hamilton to kick an easy goal for
_;3 ick. It was said, however, to be the
f 'first goal he has missed this season. Dur
ing Otb halves most of the playing was
in Lick territory. Once in the first half
Y. M. C. A. had to give trie ball up when
within six yards of the Lick goal, after
having advanced it by continuous gains
... for seventy yards.
In the second half Y. M. C. A. twice lost
the ball on downs near the Lic_ 15-yard
hne. There were no other close calls on
gual during the game.
lhe Y. M. C. A. touchdown, coming as
it did early in the first balf, and when
Lick appeared to have an advantage, was
.both a surprise and somewhat of an acci
dent, if an unmeditated play may be so
called. Lick had caught Symmes' first
kickoff on the 25-yard line, and was
downed on the spot by the speedy Y. M.
C. A. ends. Then in seven rushes Lick
carried l he ball back to and over the center
line. On the next attempt Y. M. C. A.
: held and Lick lost a yard. Then Wilson j
was given the ball. He fumbled. Like a i
flash, Left En i Keller picked the ball up ■
on the very center line. He had a clear ■
field before him, and with Light HaifbacK j
Davidson running close behind him and
Lick men vainly pursuing, be carried the
ball between tbe goalposts.
• Lick then realized that its skill and its
11 pounds greater weight to the man
might be offset by just such ready, quick,
opportune playing as that. .It became a !
game for caution on the part of the play
ers and for expectation among the specta- '
tors.
The first half went on with honors about |
even. It ended with Lick in possession of
the ball very near the center of the field.
Early in the second half little Keller's i
lame ankle was hurt again after he bad
made a beautiful end run for a pain of 20
yard . Allen Miller took his place at left
end . for Y. M. C. A. Soon alter that
Y. M. C. A. lost the ball after having j
worked it back from its own 25-yard line
to near Lick's 15-yard line.
• Then Lick began an admirable series of
seven plays, ing "Wilson and Hamilton
I ior long gains through the' Y. M. C. A.
* .c, and tinally scoring a touchdown after
a total advance of ninety-two yards, with
out once losing the bail. Twice again dur
ing the remaining time of play Lick made j
two continuous advances of forty yards
each on ten plays, and then failed to gain
when just inside of Y. *___ C. A. territory. '
Y. M. C. A. used one play in particular
that generally resulted in a good gain. It
was a tandem formation driven rap.div
through the Lick tackles. They called it
"the tac_le-_iuer." After it" had been
used successfully on one side of the Lick
line the Y. M. C. A. rooters on the side
lines would yell suggestively. "Give 'em
the other barrel," and presently the big
Lick players would get "the other barrel
with telling effect.
At times the Christian spirit seemed to
be forgotten a id the struggle on both
sides assumed a fierceness that savored of
personal malice.
After the game the partisans of the
Christian Associa-tion team swarmed on
the field, and holding aloft two large
wooden axes, joined in the significant
Stanford slogan, beginning "Give 'em the
ax, the ax, the ax." Some pretty girls
wearing the orange and black of Lick rue
fully lingered near the grand stand and
one of them scornfully remarked "The
traitors" for all Lick felt keenly the loss
of the two fine players that left in disgust
months ago and joined the V*. M. C. A.
forces.
The following record of all the games
played by the Y. M. C. A. team this season
shows no defeats, notwithstanding the
fact that, with the exception of Peralta
Academy and Polytechnic High School,
the .weight eleven conceded from fif
teen to thirty pounds to the man in the
elevens it met:
Company C, league of the Cross Cadets o—o
Peralta Acaaemy, Berkeley 38—0
Holtt's School, Burlingame. o—o
Co. swell college .' 4_4
Polytechnic High School (practice, one-half
_ "'ly) 34-0
san Joaquin Valley College, Woodbrldge.... 2—o
Cogswell lego 18—11
L well High School ] 2-8
I , NEW TO-DAT. _______._. ___.
NT BEGINS TO-MORROW
T-E-C-E
Sacrifice Removal Sale
<**>__?■
J. SAMUELS,
104, 106, xoB x^___a_____.__=_LiNr7__r st.
$P7 flflfl| Worth of Dress Goods, Silks, Blankets,
s\h illjij Curtains, Hosiery, Underwear, Hand-
yvl)vUU kerchiefs, Trimmings, Linings, etc.,
etc., will be
Sacrificed Far Below Cost.
No part of this stock will be moved if giving-away prices
can sell it.
Double Width Dress Goods, 15c a Yard j China Silks, all colors, 15c a Yard
Tennis Flannels, 5c a Yard j Linen Crash, 5c a Yard
"144 Muslin. 5c a Yard I Damask Towels. 15c Each
\Turkis_i Towels, 10c Each I Blankets, $1 a Pair
A BONA-FIDE SALE. NO HUMBUG.
CALL AT ONCE AT
104-106-108 KEARNY STREET
AND SATISFY YOURSELF.
The Wrecker "Whitelaw "With the Forest Queen in Tow Was Beaten In From the Heads Yesterday
by the Schooner Allen A. The Latter Was From Tahiti and Came In Under Sail.
i University Club (practice. * *
University Club (practice) " *?
i Lick Pol_.ech-.lc school. °
During the season of 1895 the Y. M. C. A.
i team -playea a number of games, among
them the following, the first score in each
! case being that of the Y. M. C. A. :
Polytechnic Hijr_ School, throe games, 8-0
I 12-0 20-0: Lowell Uign School, three
___.__.es 4-4 4-4, 4-4; Lick Polytechnic
i School. 6-0; Mount Tamalpais Military
I Academy, 18—4
Following are some summaries of the
I game, including the line-up, as the men
I actually faced each other, and the stripped
! weight of each p. aver:
Point..— V. M. C. A. fi, on one touchdown made
1 carl,- In ihe first half by Left End Keller afer a
' run of fifty-five yarda from & fumble by \\ llson of
; Lick in a scrimmage at the center of the Held;
Right Tackle Symmes kicked an easy goal, Lick
I i on one touchdown made In the middle of the
' second half by Right Halfback Wilson after a run
of thirty-seven yards on a play be.ween synimes
and Holcomb of the 1. M. I. A. line; Hamilton
missed an easy goal.
Number of piavs— First half 6S, second half 55.
! Total gains— By runs. Y. M. C. A. 306 yards In
65 plays. Lick 241 yards in 49 plays; by kicks.
I V M C A. 74 yards in 'J punts, Licit 140 yards in
5 punts. (iains by Y. M. C. A.— Through Lick
tackles 27, through Lick guards and center _•,
round Lick end*. 9. Gains by Lick— Through
Y. M. C. A. tackles HS*. through Y. M. C A. guards
and center 14, round _. M. li A. ends 4. Fum
bles-Y. M. C. a. -'. Lick J.
Time of play— Two 2a-mlnute halves. Weather
overcast, but "favorable: field sticky.
Attendance 850.
Officials— Searight. Stanford Varsity,
left halfback: umpiie. '-Lob" Porter, Olympic,
left tackle: linesmen. "hilly" Hobbs, Olympic,
guard, and George Wilson of Stanford University.
Lick School. Position. - Y. M.l. ...
Samlsh. 132 L. K. K. Specht. 119
Wilson, 145 _- T. R..Cap_.Bymme., 146
Pmutt 212 i_ '*• X Holcumbe, 141
Ke.ttinir. 190 C Duden, 144
Sargent, 155 K. G. L Pray, 145
Fleck, 135 It. T. L Kenney, 143
Woodworm, 138 K. E. L { A.' Miller. 150
Forbes, 135 Q lean, 1..8
Hamilton. 155 L H. R Davidson, 1«5
Wilson, 165 11. H. L Jack Miller, IIS
Hubbard. 142 F Uewaoo, 132
154 ands.. Aye rage stripped weight.. 132 pounds
Last nmht the victorious team attended
the performance at the Alcazar Theater
in a body. It was Joe Tobin's treat. He
bad promised free tickets before the re
cent society match between the University
Club and the Army and Navy if the little
Y. :<i. C. A. players should Deat the Uni
versity Club team in a practice game.
Next Saturday Y. M. C. A. will play the
Centerville High School team at Center
ville.
ANSELMO DE LAVEAGA'S CLAIM.
It la Actively Kesisted by Jose Vicente,
De I.aveaga's >ister. ,
Attorneys Garret McEnerney and T. J.
Lyons do not intend to allow Anselmo
Jose Maria de Laveaga to obtain posses
sion of one-fourth of the late Jose Vicente
de Laveaga's estate without a struggle, as
they have filed a petition in the Probate
Court asking Judge Coffey to exclude said
Ansel mo from the controversy in regard
to the distribution of the property because
i of bis want of interest in the matter.
Acting for Maria Josefa Cebrian and
Maria Concepcion de Laveaga, Messrs.
Lyons and McEnerney also give notice of
a motion to strike out Anselmo de Lave
aga's answer and cross petition.
The claim made by Anselmo for an in
terest in the estate is based upon tne fact
that he is the son of a brother of the de
ceased. It is admitted that he was Lorn
out of wedlock, but there is abundant
proof that bis father took all legal means
to legitimize him under the laws of Cal
ifornia.
lt is not disputed that the decisions in
the Jessup and Blythe cases would give
him a right to inherit his father's estate;
but bis lather died before his uncle, and
Attorney J. J. Dwyer is pressing the
young man's claim to the share winch his
father would have taken had he survived.
This is a question that -wad never be
fore considered by any court in California.
The argument is set for the 25th inst.
Twenty Years in Probate.
Attorney Charles G. Nagle has filed a petition
in Judge Coffey's court for the distribution of
the valuable estate of Mrs. Mary Ruddock,
deceased, to the heirs entitled to the property
under the provisions of the will and to their
representatives. Mrs. Ruddock died in 1877,
and the apparent deity wus caused by com
plying with the requirements of the testatrix
that ber daughters should rench the age of 21
years before they should be entitled to their
shares of the property.
Out of a population of about 30,000,000
in Prussia only about one-tenth of them
possess, it is said, an income of 900 marks
a year, which is equal to about £45.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
AN OPPOSITION
TOWBOAT LINE
Whitelaw's Old Wrecker Is
Doing Considerable
Work,
Has Brought in Four Vessels
During the Fast Week
or Ten Days.
The Schooner Ailen A Under Sail
Beat the Wrecker and Her Tow
in From the H.ads
The wrecking steamer Whitelaw is be
coming a bie factor in the towboat busi
ness. Friday last she brought in the Guv
C. Goss and yesterday the Forest Queen
was picked up near the Farallones. There
is no chance to do any work on the various
wrecks along the coast for the present, so
the owner of the vessel is determined to
do something. Rates have been slashed
and the red stack and black stack com
panies do not like it. Whitelaw asserts
that he only tows in a vessel when he can
not work on the wreck of the City of New
York, but as the Forest Queen makes the
fourth vessel he has brought in within a
week the tugboat captains are beginning
to get suspicious.
Tne Forest Queen from Tacoma and the
Allen A from Tahiti were both outside
yesterday morninc. The Queen accepted
the services of the Whitelaw and the Allen
A sailed in. Both vessels reached an
anchorage about the same time.
, Chief Engineer Martin of the Corona is
a very sick man. He was seized with an
attack of the grip some days ago, and is
now confined to his bed. His place has
been taken temporarily by Chief Engineer
Robinson of the Pomona.
There is probably no man on the water
j front doing more for the good ofthe State
i than Professor Craw, head of the Horti
cultural Bureau's quarantine station at
the foot of Clay street. Not a steamer
from a foreign port escapes him, and
every plant and every shipment of fruit is
examined before it is allowed to land. On
the Monowai, that got in Thursday night
from Australasia, there were eight crates
of flowering trees, all of which were in
fested with the scale. They were dumped
overboard. On the Walla Walla there
was a large shipment of oranges which
had come from Japan via Vancouver,
B. 0. Before allowing them to land Pro
fessor Craw determined to disinfect them
in order to make sure that none of the
pests so fatal to orange groves got in with
the fruit.
Everything was ready with the excep
tion of putting the acids into the recepta
cle, when it was discovered that at least
twenty more boxes of fruit could be put
under the cover. By the time this was
done Professor Craw saw that tbe cyanides
in the jar had settled down. He did not
want to waste the precious stuff and de
termined to try bow it would work. He
poured in the acids and the compound at
once boiled upland spurted all over him.
His clothes were burned in at least twenty
places and his bat was one mass of brown
patches, but strange to say neither his
face nor hands were injured. Had one
drop as big as a pinhead got into either
eye bis sight would have been destroyed
forever. The disinfecting of the fruit was
finally accomplished, and the professor
did not realize what a narrow escape he
had had until he examined his clothes an
hour later.
The rejuvenated Queen went out in
the place of the Santa Rosa yesterday.
The latter will go on the Union Iron
Works' drydock for a thorough overhaul
ing. In the spring the Queen will take
her old place ou the Alaska excursion
route.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic sailed for the Orient
yesterday with the largest shipment of
cotton that bas ever gone out of the
Golden Gate. A belated lot of fifteen
bales got to the wharf a couple of hours be
fore sailing time, but there was not
enough room anywhere in which to stow
it, so that particular consignment will
have to wait for the Kio de Janeiro.
The Coptic also took away a large
quantity of flour, so that outside of a few
tons of general' merchandise the big
steamer was lull of cotton and flour.
There was also a full passenger list, the
majority of the travelers being for
Honolulu. Among the latter was Mrs.
W. W. Dimond, the observed of all od
servers. Quite a number of her friends
were down to see ber off, and wben say
ing good- by to them she asserted that she
would return thoroughly vindicated and
triumphant within six weeks.
The steamer Empire has been sold to
Goodall, Perkins & Co., and in future will
run between here and Coos Bay in con
junction with the Areata in the coal trade.
Tne Empire was sold by It. D. Chandler
to the North Pacific Steamship Company
and for some time has been runnine be
tween Astoria and Coos Bay. Now. that
she has been absorbed by Good all, Per
kins & Co., one of the lines that has been
diverting trade from this port to Oregon
will go out of existence. The Empire will
take the place of the steel steamer Arago
tbat was lost some months ago.
LITTLE ELLEN'S FUTUEE-
Charitable Ladies Seek the Charge of
Mrs. "Worth ington's Bab)* Girl.
L.ttle Ellen Worthington, who was left
behind at Branch County Jail No. 3
when her mother was taken to San Quen
tin to serve her sentence, will not go long
without a good home if the charitably in
clined ladies of this City have their say. •
Mrs. Buckingham of the Maria; Kip
Orphanage wrote to Sheriff .Yhelan yea
terday that the institution with which she
is connected would take charge of the
baby and see that it is properly reared.
The Sheriff answered that he had not yet
decided upon the child's future. He hopes
to have it adopted by some private family.
MISS BATEMAN MAY WED.
According to One Keport tho, Actress
Will Soon Be Mrs. Howard
Kyle.
An evening paper is responsible for the
announcement of Miss Victory Bateman's
engagement to Howard Kyle. Miss Bate
man is leading lady at the Grand and Mr.
Kyle was formerly leading man at the
same house.
When seen last night Miss Bateman
would at first neither confirm nor deny the
story, but at last said enough to lead to
the "belief that it is true.
A great deal of annoyance has been
caused Miss Bateman by the baseless
rumors that have been set afloat by ma
licious tongues, and she says she sin
cerely hopes that the matter will now be
allowed to drop where it is.
MECHANICS' NIGHT.
Next Thursday Evening at the Y. M.
C. A. Building.
The Young Men's Christian Association
is arranging for a series of evenings among
the various callings and trades in this
City.
Next Thursday evening, the 21st inst.,
will be known as "Mechanics' Night"
Edward Coleman, president of the Pacific
Rolling Mills will preside, and a short ad
dress will be delivered by Irving M. Scott,
president of the Union Iron Works. The
California Quartet will sing, and there
will be select readings, orchestral music
and class work in the gymnasium, finish
ing with a basket-ball game.
The building will ; be thrown open to
the mechanics of the City. Admission
will be by special complimentary invita
tion, which may be secured by applica
tion at the association building. Mason
and Ellis streets. All artisans . will be
welcome, and the evening promises to be
one of great enjoyment and profit to
young mem
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
D. E Shafer, Trainer, and F. J.
Loughead, Canadian Cham
pion, Arrive.
League of American Wheelmen's
Benefit M?et Postponed— Olympic
Cyclers' Election.
D. E. Shafer, who has a national repu
tation as a trainer of cycle racers, arrived
here last evening from the East. He was
accompanied by F. J. Loughead, tbe
chanmion of Canada.
Shafer comes here in the interest of
Morgan and Wright of Chicago, and will
take charge of their racing interests here.
Under bis direct supervision will be Zieg
ler, McFarland, Wells, the Terrill broth
ers and Loughead.
Shafer was here a little over a year . ago
and bad charge of a big record-breaking
camp at Coronado. In the past he has
handled such men as Hamilton, Cabanne,
Sanger and other champions, and is sec
ond to no trainer in the business.
Lout-bead's name is familiar to all who
have kept in touch with Eastern racing
events during the past season. He rode
on the national circuit, and scored many
a win over Bald, Cooper, the Butlers and
the other flyers. He comes here to con
dition himself for the coming season, and
will be seen in competition. before long.
Chafer says Bald, Cooper and others
will be here directly after the New York
cycle show. He thinks the close of the
Chicago show will see all the prominent
riders signed. Michael, tbe Welsh cham
pion, may come here, and may not be
under charge of his old-time manager,
Tom Eek. The latter will handle John
son alone.
Shafer and Loughead were cordially re
ceived and entertained last night at the
clubhouse of the Bay City Wheelmen.
Speaking of the proposed Sunday racing
amendment then, Shafer said it would re
quire an energetic corps of workers at the
annual meeting of. the League of Ameri
can Wheelmen next month in New York
to make it pass, but the prospects were
good. Besides California, he said all * the
West, Missouri, Louisiana and Tennessee
want divisional option on the Sunday rac
ing proposition. The Eastern delegates,
however, do not thoroughly understand
the proposition and the California delega
tion should get on the ground as soon as
possible and explain it to them if they
I hone for success.
' The rain yesterday prevented the hold
ins* of the L. A. W. benefit meet at the
Velodrome. The races were therefore put
over for one week, and tickets sold for
yesterday will be good then. The man
agement hopes to have Ziegler, Stevens,
McFarland and Downing added to the
professional lists then, as this postpone
ment forbids their pleading lack of time
in which to properly train.
Downing is not to be blamed for not
entering yesterday's races as much as at
first appeared. He went out of training
after the Christmas meet and felt he could
not regain his form in time. His offer to
ride a third of a mile exhibition was theS
best he could do, and was not to advertise
himself as many thought. He will com
pete next Saturday. McFarland has of
fered no excuse as yet. ,i*
At its annual meeting Friday night the
Olympic Cyclers elected the following of
ficers:" Joseph F. Coffey, president ; F. H.
Bushnell, vice-president; S. 1., Blake,
treasurer: .T. B. McGinnis, secretary;
Charles Francois Morel, captain ; who,
with, George Conroy, Frank O'Kane,
James W. Coffroth and Joseph Cooney,
constitute the board of directors.
- The programme for the Garden City
Cyclers' blue ribbon meet, Friday, Janu
ary 22. is as follows: Two-thirds mile
scratch and one-mile handicap, profes
sional; one-mile scratch and one-half mile
handicap, amateur. Entries will close
to-morrow i with J. A. Desimohe, 87 East
Fernando street,' San Jjae. »
WHO DOGS INFEST
PRESIDIO WOODS
They Are Shot on Making
Their Appearance in
the Open.
Ferocious Brutes That Live on
Rabbits and Quail Among
the Trees.
Their Lair Cannot Be Found, and
They Increase in Spite of the
Sentries' R.flss.
There "Jis a band of wild dogs in the
woods on the Presidio reservation, and
they have grown in numbers and boldness
to sucb an extent tbat an order bas been
issued toall sentries to shoot them on sight.
These canine vagrants aro said to be fero
cious, although they rarely venture be
yond the confines of the friendly forest
that has afforded them shelter and a
home. Their lair lies somewhere on the
hills, hidden in a jungle of trees and
underbrush, and their daily menu is a
choice variety of rabbits and quail that
fill the woods out there, with water from
streams that empty into Mountain Lake.
The dogs— at least some of them —
were once tame creatures, but they strayed
away from the conventional, and perhaps
constrained, path of the city dog's bum
drum life to virgin fields where thoughts
of tin cans to tails might never torture
more. They wound up in the Govern*'
ment territory, away from pound wagons
and small boys. In time they formed a
community and began to increase in
numbers until the band now has a very
respectable membership. In character
it seems they have one and all retrograded
— gone back a step or two in the social
scale: for they are wild, shy of man in the
open, but imbued with ferocity if crossed
in the shrubbery wbere they iive and roam
about. More of the wolf than of man's
faithful companion shows itself in them.
"A bulldog got in among the pack,"
said an officer a. the Presidio, "and now
it appears that brute's strong blood has as
serted itself in the whole lot That is why
they, are considered dangerous and why
they are vicious. I suppose, too,
that as they are a menace to people
the order was issued to shoot at the pack
on every occasion. There are many peo
ple here who fear them, and children
wont go near the woods on account of the
stories going round the post about the
dogs. s§jpgtj^m
"There used to be only a few dogs, but
now they make their appearance in packs
of half a dozen to twenty and all running
together. The sentries snoot at them, but
bave not killed off any of late, for the dogs
are growing timid of the rifles and keep
back in the trees. If the beasts keep on
increasing they will become such a pest
that the woods must be lenced against
them.
"The reservation is overrun with rab
bits, but of late I think they have not in
creased much, as the wild dogs live upon
them. You may see tbe pack charge upon
the cotton-tails and kill a few. Then you
hear the snarl, yelp, growl of fighting
dogs, and off they are again into covert.
"lt would be a good thing il they were
able to eat up all the rabbits, because these
little animals are a pest already, and men
come here with guns to shoot them, caus
ing no little trouble to themselves and th 9
guard. A few days ago a man went hunt
ing for cotton-tails and forfeited bis gun.
So the rabbits are left to the dogs exclu
sively. No, there has been no instance
where the wild dogs attacked men or chil
dren, but still they are not of a class to be
fooled with."
JUDGE DAINGERHELD'S BIAS.
Santa Kosan Jokers Guard Against It by
Importations of Spring Valley Water.
The Santa Rosa Evening Press of last
Thursday contained a personal item con
cerning Judge W. R. Daineerfield of the
Superior Court of .San Francisco, who has
been in the City of Roses trying the con
tested water case, of that community,
wherein J. Mock is plaintiff and the city
of Santa Rosa defendant. The dispute to
a certain extent turns on the qualities of
the different waters supplied, Mr. Mock
contenaing that his works furnish a liquid
superior to that which may be drawn from
the municipal pipes.
In view of this state of affairs Judge
Daingerfield jestingly remarked one day
raw TO-SAT-
__. nnn _. i bit nrAAnn
n oo & 1 9 j I m ysinyii
What Doctor Cook Is Doing for the Sick
and Suffering.
A Great Physician and Surgeon, Whose Career
Is a Series of Professional
Triumphs.
Tbe record of Doctor Cook here in San
Francisco is a credit to himself and an
honor to the profession that he so ably
represents. He has accomplished greater
good, relieved more suffering, gladdened
more hearts and made happy more
homes within the past few months than
otber eminent physicians have been able
to do in years. H** makes no pretensions
to perform impossibilities, but some of his
cures do seem but little less than miracu-
lous. Many of his m* st brilliant triumphs
have been in the complete cure of stub-
\ DOCTOR COOK, /
\^ 865 Market Street*/^
> S»T 8. F., CaU^^
born, long-standing cases, which numer-
ous other physicians have treated in" vain.
But Dr. Cook's great success is not sur-
prising. Hy_ > extensive experience, pro-
that though he was extremely fond of
water he had not dared to wet his whistle
with either brand in Santa Rosa for fear
that fie would lay himself open to the
charge of implied bias.
A jocular suggestion was offered that
his Honor might alternate in his pota
tions, but he responded wiihthe objection
that hia early training made him averse
to mixing his drinks.
Other things came up in the conversa
tion and Judge Daingerfieldgave the mat
ter no further thought until the next
morning, when he heard a loud knocking
at his chamber door and a Wells-Fargo
messenger staggered in with a huge demi
john way billed from San Francisco and
labeled, "Aqua pura; viz., Spring Val
ley."
The good-natured jokers went still fur
ther, for on going to the courthouse his
Honor found smaller demijohns similarly
marked awaiting his acceptance.
Of sourse the lawyers in tbe case did not
hear of these occurrences and argument
proceeded as if nothing had happened. So
far as appears from the record no pro
vision was made for his Honor's bath, and
that element of possible bias is still an
uncertain quantity in the litigation.
TROUBLE AT SEA.
Seven Sailors of the Sealer Elsie Are
Arrested for Mutinous
Conduct.
C. Mahn, C. Henry, R. Johnson, J.
Fraaher, G. Moore, T. Graurs and A. 01
--sen, sailors and hunters on the sealing
schooner Elsie, were arrested by the
United States Marshal yesterday on
charges that are equivalent to mutiny.
Tee legal phraseology of the complaint is
that the seven men "unlawfully combined
among themselves and others of the crew
of the American vessel Elsie to impede
the uavieation of said vessel while on the
high seas on the 14th day of January,
1897."
The men were taken before "United
States Commissioner Heacock and held in
$200 bail, and their examination was set
down for next Tuesday.
The complainant is Captain Fred W.
Currie. He states that the Elsie sailed
Irom Port Townsend with a crew of twen
ty-one men — sailors and hunters for a
sealing voyage in the North Pacific Ocean.
The voyage was booked for a year. Many
of the men received un advance, and after
getting to sea they drew liberally upon
the slopcbest for clothing.
After hunting along the coast without
success Captain Currie states that he
ordered the course changed, and the
schooner headed for the Japan coast.
Then it was that the men refused to do
duty and declined to go into that part of
the Pacific Ocean. There was nothing to
do bat to put into this port, arrest the
sailors and get a new crew.
The story told by the sailors differs in
every respect from that of the master.
They assert that they never refused to
work and never declined to go into Japan
ese waters. To the contrary they expected
to cross the Pacific and hunt for seals near
Japan. . As the Inen tell it. the trouble
began in this way. After hunting along
down the coast the vessel reached a point
about 150 miles to the west of tnis port.
Captain Currie ordered the men to light
the sidelights in the forecastle, a sadly
cramped place at best.
This the men assert is against all sea
practice, it being customary for the cook
or cabin boy to attend to that duty in the
galley or cabin. So the seven refused to
comply with the order. This brought
about a heated dispute betweeu the cap
tain and Moore which almost terminated
in blows. The men did not like this for a
beginning of a twelve months' voyage
and suggested to the captain that as it
looked like nothing but trouble and dis
cord aboard he had better put into port
and secure another crew. They declare
that they never refused to do their work.
Taken as a whole the seven prisoners
are about as fine a looking lot of sailors
as one can find, but they one and all de
clare that they will not submit to abuse
from any captain or officers of a vessel.
OHAHIIIS CONOEBT.
Large and Appreciative Audience at
the First Unitarian Church.
Despite the gloomy aspect the skies pre
sented yesterday afternoon many people ;
risked the weather, their best clothes and
theater bonnets to attend the grand con
cert given by the Charming Auxiliary at
the First Unitarian Church. The audi
ence almost filled the church, only the
undesirable seats not being occupied.
The following well-selected programme
was offered:
Sonata for piano and violin, C minor, opus
45— Allegro molto ed appassionato, Allegro
espressivo alia romanza, Aile*ro auimato
(Grieg), Miss Bacon and Giulio Minetti; "Herr
Heinrich" (C. Loewe), "Der Erlkcenig" (Schu
bert), Anton Schott; organ solo, Fantaisie de
Concert (Callaerts), Dr. H. J. Stewart; Russian
airs (Wienlawski). Giulio Minetti. .'Tunn
hausre," act Introduction. Wolfram ; Pil
grim's chorus, organ; Prayer, Elisabeth;
"Evening Star," Wolfram; Narration, Tann
hauser.
The violin solos by Ginlio Minetti re
ceived much and well-merited applause.
His Russian airs were particularly pleas
ing and won the audience completely.
The executants were: Miss Alice Bacon,
Giulio Minetti, Dr. H. J. Stewart and
Arthur Fikenscher.
found learning and superb skill are pow"
erful factors in his favor, but, coupled
with all this, he has every apparatus, ap-
pliance and instrument essential to the
most modern' methods of practice. His
combination of electrical devices is one of
the finest and most complete in the
world, and he administers electricity in
conjunction with medicines when deemed
advisable.
These equipments, together with his
1 fair, honest and upright methods of busi-
ness* have brought to Doctor Cook people
from every station of life and ail four quar-
ters of the globe.
As shown by his testimonial file, Doctor-*
Cook cures all kinds of female complaints,
lost or failing manhood, men's private ail-
ments, varicocele, hydrocele, stricture,
catarrh, rheumatism, rupture, piles, blood
and skin diseases, and all diseases of the
eye, ear, nose, brain, throat, heart, lunes,
liver, stomach, kidneys, bladder and urin-
ary organs.
A large portion of Doctor Cook's treat-
ment is by mail. He usually desires at
least one personal visit when convenient
to the patient, but . his system of home
treatment by correspondence is eminently
satisfactory and always successful. His
address is 865 Market street, San Fran-
cisco, and his office hours are from 9 to 12
A. M. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 P. si., except
Sundays, when he may be consulted from
. 10 to 12 a. at. only. j
XEW TO-D AT.'.
_HCTffl_r
AS CHEAP AS WE
WE CARRY NOTHING BUT
HIGHEST GRADE GOODS
QUALITIES GUARANTEED.
Cresmery Butter, per square 30
Grated Pine Apple, very fine, per tin.... 10
Genuine Imported French Sardines, per
tin 10
New crop French Prunes, per lb 5
English Jams, per jar 15
Concentrated Tomatoes, 3-lbcans 5
Milchner Herring, best, 6 for 25
9- year-old Port or Sherry, per gallon 90
Imported Port, very old, per gallon $1 50
Fine Old Rye or Bourbon Whisky, per
gallon 2 65
Old Cognac Brandy.worth $3 50 a gallon 2 75
Mocha and Java Coffee, pure, best, per lb 30
Maple Syrup, absolutely pure, per gal... 75
Ghirardelii's Breakfast Cocoa 20
Ghirardelii's Eagle Chocolate (improved)
per lb 20
Sugar Peas, new pack, 3 cans for 25
Fresh Ranch Eggs, per dozen 25
Eagle Brand Condensed Milk, per can... 15
Tip Top Brand Condensed Milk, 3 cans.. 25
Rose Brand Condensed Milk, best made,
per can 10
Parlor Matches, 1 dozen boxes ' 5
Eastern Sugar Corn, 3 cans for 25
Half-gallon Jars Pickles or Chow Chow.. 20
New Catch Mackerel, choice and fat, 3 for 25
Key West Cigars, 5c each; box of 50 2 25
SEND FOR MONTHLY CATALOGUE.
SENT FREE EVERYWHERE.
W2.CLINE
Wholesale and Retail Grocer,
949-951 MARKET ST.,
Between Fifth and Sixth, San Francisco.
Telephone South 50.
KNiIJriNGCO.
103 and 105 Post Street. Take Elevator.
Formerly at 120 Sutter street,
WILL KMT I yoxjr...
— — SILK, WOOLEN,
TOORDER LINEN. MERINO and
, ' ! COTTON
UNDERWEAR!
Ely's Cream B_lpgp_l__3i
Cleanses the Nasal D f**^*"c£."^V.„l
Passages, Allays Pain SWmfth *l 8 _*_B
and Inflammation, t3*«EVEl. s)§
Restores the Senses of jSf*, */&&jRt!&
Taste and Smell.
Heals the Sores. _f^p"**(^ _**_W__l
Apply Balm Into each nostril _£^ _s<C_SKs__
KLT 8K05.66 Warren st,N.Y ~H_T vl ' MlC \a
MICE lIYITLI6 SEALED PROPOSALS
For the Purpose of Sale of Bonds of
the City of San Jose.
THE MAYOR AND COMMON COUNCIL OP
the City of San Jose, having by ordinance en-
titled "An ordinance providing for the issuance
and sale of bonds of the City of San Jose." etc,
passed ou tne 21st day of December, 1896, and
approved on the 23d day of December, 1896,
ordained that there should be issued by said city
of San Jose six hundred high school building
bonds, of the denomination of $125 each, and four
hundred sewer bonds of the denomination of 9100
each, both classes of bonds to bear interest at the
rate of 4% per cent Der annum, payable semi-
annually, and also by said ordinance authorized
and directed the City Clerk of said city to give
notice inviting proposals for the sale of said bonds,
now therefore /
Public notice Is hereby given that the City of San
Jose intends to Issue one thousand bonds aforesaid,
and that sealed proposals will be received at the
office of said City Clerk, at the City Hall In San
Jose, California, until the hour of eight o'clock
p. m., on the eighth day of February, 1897 cat
which time, or as soon thereafter as said Mayor
and Common Council shall duly convene, said bids
will be opened), for the purchase of the whole or
any part of said high school building and sewer
bonds, or either thereof, said bonds are to bear
date June 1, 1897, and the interest thereon to be
paid semi-annually on the first day of December
and the first day of June of each year thereafter,
both principal and interest payable in gold coin or
lawful money of the United States.
Said hieh school building bonds shall be num-
bered consecutively from one to six hundred, both
inclusive, and be divided into forty series, num-
bered consecutively from one to forty, both in-
clusive, each series consisting of fifteen bonds;
the first series is 10 Include those bonds which are
numbered irom one to fifteen, both inclusive, and
each succeeding series is to include the fifteen
'bonds numbered consecutively after those in-
cluded in the next preceding series*
Said sewer bonds shall be numbered consecu-
tively from one to four hundred, both inclusive,
and b- divided Into forty series numbered con-
secutively from one to forty, both Inclusive, each
series consisting of ten bonds; the first series is to
include those bonds which are numbered from
cue to ten, both inclusive, and each succeeding
series is to Include the ten bonds numbered con-
secutively after those Included In the next pre-
ceding series.
The first series of said high school building
bonds and said sewer bonds shall be made payable
on the first day of June, 1898, and one of the re-
maining series is to be made payable on the first
day of June In each succeeding calendar year
thereafter, until and including the year 1937.
Said bonds are to be made payable to the order of
the purchaser or payee byname, and to each of
said bonds there is to be attached interest-bearing
coupons, double ln number 10 the number of years
which such bond has to run before its maturity.
Proposals must state the price offered, the descrip-
tion of the bonds desired, and be accompanied by
a certified check on some responsible bank, pay-
able to the order of the Mayor of said City, for at
least ten per cent of the amount bid, said cheeu to
be returned to bidder in case the bid is not ac-
cepted. The purchase money for said bonds shall
be paid In gold coin of the United Mates within
ninety days after notice of acceptance. The right
to accept any or all bids and to reject any or all
bids, or portions of bids, Is hereby expressly re-
served. J. W. COOK, City Clerk. .
Dated January 2d, 1897.
tTONG PO CHY,
Successor to Dlt. LAI
PO TAI, graduate of
Canton Medical Col-
lege, after a very suc-
cessful practice of
many years in China,
has located in San
Francisco. The sur-
prising and marvelous
cures effected by his
herbs demonstiate
their potence and bis
skill. These herbs
cure over 400 different
diseases, inc.uding
Brighl's Disease, Dia-
betes, Consumption,
Asthma, Paralysis,
Brain, Nerve, Cancers, Tumors, Blood, Male and
Female Maladies. All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsover are invited to call.
Office, 737 Washington Street. .
. Office hours— 9 a m, to 12 m., Ito ii p.m.; San-
day, 10 A. M. tO 12 >c.
s&z^ A. G. PERINO
AT \\ HERBALIST.
/ (__-!!«_. \ All curable diseases of both
/ I**?* fstm,i J 1 sexes cured by herbs, roots,
I .; , I "v*? £} I barks, woods. Dyspepsia,
I _^*_3_-X M\ omen's Complaints, Chil-
V __• .\*ri_?kw- J dren's, Rheumatlsm.Secret
V-*-f"**7*,y . $_$)?? ' anil Skin Diseases, s. spe-
\if.^\A^^jttSml/ cialty. Consultation free.
vS/lil .A .SS' Betters answered.
rKt}mj!iJfr-.;\ 437 Green St., above Dupoat
I Soon— .0 12 A. M. and 2to6r. x.
910
CLIMAX OF A DAY
OF REJOICING
Public Demonstration Over
the Defeat of
Funding.
VICTORS CONGRATULATE
THE PEOPLE.
"California at Last Hears the
Rattle of Falling
Chains."
LIEUTENANT-GOVERNOR JETER
IN THE CHAIR.
Great Enthusiasm Pr v iis as Sutro,
Pheian and Others Addr ss the
Gathering
The State holiday commemorative of
the defeat of the funding bill was brought
to a close in this City with a demonstra
tion expressive of popular exuberance
over the victory. With colored fires,
blazing masses oi timber, with rockets
and music of a brass oar.d, crowds were
attracted to Metropolitan Temple. The
people pressed forward, filled the rows of
seats and the aisles, while others were
compelled to walk away, as there was not
room for ali.
All through the evening the meeting
was at a high pitch of enthusiasm. Fre
quently the feelings of the large audience
broke into tremendous applause, as if to
seal witb public approval the work of the
men who fought the railway measure.
To the strains of stirung m*usic by the
band the principal speakers ami vice
presidents appeared on the p.atfom.
Their entrance moved the gather. to
applaud vociferously.
Among those on the. platform were:
Henry E. Highton, I. J. Truman, Lieu
tenant-Governor Jeter, Adolph Sutro,
Mayor James D. Phelan, the Hon. Marion
de Vnes, Congressman Caminetti, James
H. Barry, Joseph Leggett, George K.
Pitch, Frank Gould, ex-Senator Fay, ex-
Judge W. P. Lawlor, Colonel W. P. Sulli
van, William M. Bunker, James A. Way
mire and others interested in the victory.
Ex-Mayor Sutro arose to call the meet
ing to order and was completely over
whelmed with applause of a most uproar
ious nature. He tried to speak, but was
stopped by the cheers and cries of "Well
done, Adolph 1" "Good boy!" "I have
the honor oi introducing to you," be be
gan, when the boisterous applau c "was re
sumed with renewed enthusiasm. The
venerable ex-Mayor waited patiently, and
when the cheering ceased be resumed his
short introductory address: "I have the
honor of introducing to you Lieutenant-
Governor Jeter. 1 shall later on address
you for myself."
The Lieutenant-Governor was cordialiy
received as he stepped to the speaker's
stand.
"As the representative in part," said
Mr. Jeter, "of tbe neople of this State I
appreciate the great honor conferred on
me in being asked to preside over this
meeting. It is proper and becoming in
people to express their gratitude for the
benefits they have received, and we are
here to-night to express by resolution how
we as a people appreciate the action of
our representative- in Congress in defeat
ing the funding bill. The results of the
vote on that question cannot be fuily ap
preciated now; it will restore confidence,
and will show that where the representa
tives understand these questions they will
stand with the people. Those who have
borne the brunt of the fight as leaders are
here with you to-night, and I take pleas
ure in introducing to you a representative
who will be in the next Congress, the
Hon. Marion de Vries."
The Lieutenant-Governor then took the
chair and presided at tbe meetiug.
Congressman-eiect de "Vries, the suc
cessor of Grove Johnson, sai_ : "The time
has now arrived when every citizen
should stand up and take the side either
for or against the people of the State of
California. We have met here to cele
brate the defeat of the Pacific funding bill
in the House of Representatives. This is
only the hrst step. Unless you are ever
alert they will yet defeat the will of the
people. We find that there is now being
prepared ior presentation 10 Congress a
scheme which ii equally nefarious with
the bill that has just been defeated. lam
opposed to any measure which will in
any way refund this railroad debt and
any one who favors such a measure is not
loyal to California. When I take my seat
in the House next March i sbali oppose
any and all propositions for tbe funding
of this debt. I hope when we are asked,
What are you going to do about it? that
we shall be able to say that we are able to
pick up Collis P. Huntington and his rail
road and walk oh* with them.
"If necessary I am in favor of the Gov
ernment operating this railroad. I be
lieve it is far preferable that the Govern
ment should run the railroad than tbat
the railroad should run the Government."
When ho paid a tribute to James G.
Maguire there was tremendous applause
and cheers.
I. J. Truman, who acted as secretary of
the meeiine, read the following telegrams,
and also conveyed to the audience the re
grets of Governor Budd for his inability
to be present:
Washington, D. c, Jan. 16, 1897.
To Hen. James D. Phelan, President Citizens'
Committee, San Francisco, Cal. : The fundi; g
bill having been defeated, 1 am informed At
torney-General claims he baa ample power to
collect Government railroad indebtedness.
liis action will probably open the way from
which great benefits will come to California.
We also have good prospects ol passing the
Nicaragua canal Dill this session of Congress.
George C. Perkins.
Washington, D. C, Jan. 16, 1897.
Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor. The people of
California may well rejoice over a victi rv so
worthily won, but they must not yet put off
their armor. The foe is already forming its
lines for another assault. Eternal vigilance is
the price of liberty, & G. Hilborn.
Washington, D. C. Jan. 16, 1897.
James __>. Pheian, Mayor: The people of I
the Pacific Coast are to be congratulated upon
the defeat of the funding bill. An honest ad
ministration of the Thurman law will secure
fnlly the payment of the Government debt,
snd give us an independent competing line.
W. W. Bowers.
Washington, D. C, Jan. 16, 1897.
Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor: Am glad to
Joiu in to-night's rejoicing over the defeat of
the funding bill. I fear that the danger is not
passed. Although some excellent and honest
opponents ot mnding favor the commission
plan, I am radically against it. When the
mask is removed, it wlli appear as a railroad
suggestion. I believe the present law is suffi
cient, but in any event oppose delegating Con
gressional duty to such commission. The pro
vision regarding fares and freights will be
found as useless as similar powers granted
State Legislature*. Stephen M. White.
, • -~y Washington, D. C, Jan. 16., 1897.
Hon. James V. Phelan, Mayor of San Francisco:
California in' general and San Francisco in
particular are to be congratulated to-day on
their bright prospects ot ultimate deliverance
from monopolistic railroad domination and
the beginning of a healthy traffic competition
that will redound to the general good of all.
James McLachlan.
Alter a song by the Press Club quartet,
LIEUTENANT-GOVERNOR JETER Addressing the Meeting at
Metropolitan Temple.
the enemy of the octopus, the Hon. Adolph
Sutro, was introduced. His name was the
signal ior a wild outburst of enthusiasm
that showed itself in* cheering and re
peated applause. He said :
Fellow-cltizens.Ladies and Gentlemen: When
the people of Boston in 1773 threw the British
tea overboard It was. in itself, an insignificant
act. It hail, however, momentous conse
quences—the destruction of British rule, and
the creation and growth of what is now the
most powerful nation on earth— th» United
States.
Nearly four yearn ago— May 18, 1894— a few
citizens ot San Francisco, at my request, as
sembled in a small room in the Richmond dis
trict to denounce a 10-cent fare and .the gen
eral misdoings of the Southern Pacific ol Ken
tucky, and to protest against its funding bill.
A small beginning — but this protest and de
nunciation against the aggressions ot corpora
tions, in thousands of pamphlets, newspapers
«nd telegrams, has been repeated, spread all
over the United States, and re-echoed in every
Congressional district, until it* growing thun
der tones forced the deleat of the funding bill
in the lust four Congresses. The antagonism
against the usurpations of strong corporations
powerfully showd itself in the Inst election
by a general uprising and a. most bucoeede i
in (.: rr i.;g the Presidential election.
All this time the rep .i of Sun Franrlsco
lived under _ veritsblo terrorism. Hardly a
man in the State of California dared express
himself openly against the misdoings oi the
octopus so great was the dread of social per
secution and business destruction.
This terrorism still exists, but in a modified
form. On a call like that of to-night the peo
ple now readily turn out; there are dozens of
speakers who have no fear of giving utterance
to their honest opinion, and the press, at least
some part of it, boldly and freely denounces
our oppressors.
D.< not, however, hug the flattering idea to
yonr souls that the funding bill is quite dead.
Notwithstanding his repeated defeats, the
man of brass, Huntington, is still hanging
about the halls of Congress, watching his op
portunity, SDakellke, to slip through and pass
a funding measure. The snake is scotched, it
is true, but it is not killed.
The sack Is still at Washington, only now
doubled in size. Firmly believing that every
man has his price, he still hopes to.gain the
thirty odd votes that would have enabled him
m force his measure through the House on
Monday last.
There are tricks in all trades;. this is true of
The Throng at the Door of Metropolitan Temple.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; JANUARY 17, 1897.
parliamentary tactics. The next move will
probably be in the Senate. There a modified
bill might, just before the close of the session,
be silently worked through and passed. Before
that occurs, however, the amended Senate bill
will be introduced In the House, referred to
the Committee on Pacific Railroads, adopted
by them and for the time will rest there.
The Senate bill, should it be passed, will be
sent to the Speaker's desk, which must be and
actually is always cleared before adjournment.
When, in the regular order, this bill is called
for reierenceor disposition, the chairman or
any other member of the Railroad Committee
may rise, and, stating thnt a bill identical
word foreword with the Senate bill has al
ready been adopted by the> House committee,
may" move.that the Mil be taken up there and
then and put upon its passage.
This may happen in the lust midnight hours
of the session, when the friends and cham
pions of the people, worn out by their con
tinuous labors, are sleepy or absent, and the
friends of the octopus are sure to be wide
awake and at their posts. Then the bill may
pass by a majority then present and all that is
needed to make it a law of the land will oe
the President's signature. • .* :
Though I hardly believe the above will hap
pen, it might. It behooves us, therefore, not
logo to sleep, but to remain watchful until
the Speaker's gavel falls lor final adjourn
ment. "Eternal vigilance is the price of
liberty."
In conclusion, permit me to congratulate
the people of the Pacific Coast on our wonder
ful achievement. 1 hope and believe that it
marks the dawn of a new era of liberty and
the restoration of the people again into
power.
The following resolutions were read by
the secretary for adoption by the meet
ing. The resolutions were unanimously
adopted:
Whkkeas, The Government of the United
States has invested over $121,000,000 in a
chain of overland railroads, and, whereas, the
earnings of these roads art? amply sufficient to
pay the market rate of interest on this invest
ment and to repay the principal within a rea
sonable time, aud, whereas, the permanent
maintenance of an independent* competing
line is as important to the people of the whole
country as the recovery of the debt; be it
Resolved, By the citizens of San Francisco, in
mass-meeting assembled, that we thank the
majority of the House ol Representatives for
at once refusing to strengthen the present
monopoly and to sacrifice the Government'
Investment by permitting the cancellation of
the debt on the payment of a nominal rate of
interest for eighty-six years, thus perpetuat
ing the oppressive rule and fraudulent man
agement of tie present organization,
Resolved, That the Government should not
relinquish its hold on the roads until it hag
mode itself familiar w_th the inside facts re
garding their management, expenditures,
earning capacity and ability to reduce rates,
nor until it has given the principle of opera
tion by public officials in the public interests
a fair trial. We call attention to the fact that
the Union Pacific, lite scores of other roads,
is now and for years has been managed by
receivers appointed by Federal courts to guard
private interests, and we see no reason why
similar methods, employed for th« public
benefit, should not be at least equally succe.-s
--_____
Resolved, That if the Government should de
cide to sell at any time its interests in the
roads for the full amount of the debt, it ought
to make such stipulations as would insure
their permanent maintenance as an indepen
dent, through competing line.
Resolved, That we protest against the passage
of ihe Gear bill, providing for turning over for
the settlement of the debt question to a com
mission; or any similar measure, and ask Sen
ator Morgan, Senator White, Senator Perkins
and our other friends in the Benate to prevent
such action.
Resolved That we condemn the policy of any
new sparer which either openly aids the exist
ing monopoly or which, under the clonk of a
pretended desire 'or Government ownership,
endeavors to embarrass the efforts of those
who ere working in the only practicable way
to prevent the sacrifice of puolic interests, and
wo demand the loyal and hearty assistance of
the press of Calilornia, and especially of San
Francisco, in impressing upon the National
authorities the views of the great majority of
our people.
Resolved, That we extend our heartfelt
thanks to all who have aided In securing the
defeat of the Powers funding bill. We are
proud of the gallant work of our delegation in
Congress, led by Sau Francisco's honored rep
resentative, James G. Maguire; Congressmen
Barham, Bilborn, Loud, McLachlan, Bowers;
and while we condemn the one traitor we
.uke comfort in the fact that he is a member
without a constituency. We thank Messrs.
Cooper, Boatner, Hubbard, Bell, Cummings
and the rest of ounfl_astern friends who made
the victory possiwe, nor, although the matter
was not brougnt to an issue, can we overlook
the activity of Senator Morgan of Alabama, to
whose unselfish devotion we owe so much of
our standing at Washington.
The hundreds of Eastern newspapers that
aided us have earned our earnest gratitude,
and particular recognition is due to the Wash
ington Star, which Dy its standing and influ
ence at the capital rendered us invaluable
service. -vHHBHBMP'CSBIBBMH
To all the faithful servants of the public at
home we give thanks' and honor. Governor
Budd and the Legislature made the unani
mous desire) of California for the defeat of the
funding bill apparent. The City government
of San Francisco has exerted its just influence
through ex-Mayor Sutro and Mayor Phelan.
The Committee of Fifty has ably iuifllied the
duties intrusted to it. To George K. F.tcli,
John T. Doyle, James H. Barry, W. M. Bunker,
J. M. Bassett and their colleagues of that com
mittee we extend our warmest congratulations
on their admirable work. And we gratefully
acknowledge the services of all the others
Khatami West through whose aid the grip of
tbe Southern Pacific on our commerce has
been broken.
Henry E. Highton said he looked only
to the immediate occasion for rejoicing.
"The defeat of the funding bill," be said,
"bas been appropriately celebrated by a
holiday, which accurately meets the sen
timent of tbe people. This great State
has at last heard- the rattle of falling
chains. If the shackles have fallen and
our thralldom to Mr. Huntington, then we
can discern the homes of million? of
American freemen representing every
phase of industry. on the Pacific Coast."
Mentioning the names of men who stood
up for the people in this struggle, the
speaker was interrupted repeatedly as he
enumerated Mr. Sutro, James G. Maguire,
Mr. Hilbom, Senator Morgan and Franx
iin Bartlett of .New York. To all these the
gratitude and acclaim of the people of
California should be accorded. Nor should
the young men of the State, of whom
James D. Phelan, a native son, is the ex
emplar, be forgotten. Hr. Highton could
not conceive of a more honorable type.
Should this type become general in politi
cal circles corruption in office would not
he mentioned.
He 3aid ir. would be better if the earn
ings of the Southern Pacific Company
should be dropped into the sea than this
Nation should be held up to the world as
condoning the frauds wbich tbe funding
bill was intended to extinguish. Where
can Mr. Huntington look lor aid among
the political forces of the Union? he
asked, and presently he retired amid ap
plause.
Ex-Congressman A. Caminetti, now a
member 01 the State Legislature, said:
"As a humble soldier I am glad to see
that that part of the people of this State
who believe that their rights are sacred
are rejoicing in the acts of this Congress.
You can't meet too often to express your
NEW TO-DAT. ._________^
Another of the Numerous Improvements in this
Wonderful Electric Belt is given to all patients free.
Every device known J '•'. To make his Belt
to Science that will $$!&&' stronger, more durable
■***C^-%.£>
make Electricity do !_s_>*C^%~6**^ and with better cura-
3_l§£,
better work in curing "3~**_C. *^__f ***-*■"••">- tive qualities than any
disease is embodied in s^4\msss?. other remedy is Dr. v
this appliance. //{ln \ Sanden's aim.
This is Dr. Sanden's latest improvement in his world-famous Electric Belt, It is as near perfect as science and money can
make it. This iB a means of curing disease which is equaled by no other treatment in the world. It is the result of thirty years
of close application to one hobby, one glorious desire— to invent and perfect an appliance which will, without inconvenience, cure
humanity of the serious ills which afflict it— and that all this study, this experimenting and self-sacrifice on the part of Dr.
Sanden is repaid can be seen from the thousands of grateful voices which are raised in grateful thanksgivings to the man who has
restored to their owners tfealth and happiness. Nor is this all. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt enjoys to-day the largest sale of all
the remedies in the world for the cure of nervous and chronic disease. No other remedy or appliance approaches it in point of
numbers in use, nor in its curative effects. , -
Dr. Sanden's latest and most important improvement is the doubling of the power in the battery chain, making it mora
than ever superior to all other makes of electric appliances in this respect. Dr. Sanden is entirely protected by patents on his
various inventions and no other firm can adopt or use any of the features of his belt.
Second in importance to the increase in power of Dr. Sanden's battery is his famous regulator— an attachment for making
the current mild or strong while the belt is on the body. With this a patient can put the belt on when retiring, set the current
at just the right power to suit the sensitiveness of the nerves and he can then go to sleep knowing that while at rest his system
is being saturated with the life and vital force born of electricity. He arises in the morning refreshed, bright and vigorous,
without any of the blistering or burning of the skin usually caused by electric belts which cannot be controlled.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt costs no more than others of inferior make. Its current is warranted to be felt as soon as the I
belt touches the body, and its power is guaranteed for one year. If a Sanden Belt gives out within one year a new one will be }
given in place of it.
i
Read of This Wonderful Cure.
St. Nicholas Hotkl, January 16, 1897.
DR. A. T. SANDEN—
. Dear Sir: When I bought your belt I had given up all hopes of regaining my health, being broken down entirely mentally
and physically, unable to attend to my work, and tortured with the idea that there was no cure for me. I had pain in my back
all the time with private weakness. I had tried so many doctors without any good result being derived from any of them that I
concluded that noOe of them could cure me. Now, sir, after giving your belt a thorough and fair trial, lam completely restored.
I never felt better in my life. Am perfectly able to do any kind of; work and ready for anything. I will recommend your Belt
cheerfully to any one afflicted as I was. Yours truly,
G. W. ARMSTEIN.
Foreman Laundry St. Nicholas Hotel. Residence 835 Castro street, San Francisco.
A DOCTOR'S ADVICE.
One ot the reasons for the great success of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is the personal attention which Dr. Sanden gives to his
patients. Before applying the Belt every patient is given a thorough examination, free of charge, to determine the nature of the
complaint, and during the treatment Dr. Sanden spares no pains to cause a quick and permanent cure. This free examination is
of great value to the patient, and Dr. Sanden, with his thirty years of medical experience, is qualified to say frankly what the
effects of his Belt will be. In no case will a Belt be applied where it cannot do good, as Dr. Sanlen has always dealt with his pa-
tients on the principle that one cure is the means of selling twentjpmore Belts, and he prefers not to sell a Belt rather than sell
one where it will do no good.
If you feel that you need help call on him. and he will tell you frankly whether there is help for you in his Electric Belt.
Consultation and examination free. If you cannot call, send for his late illustrated book, "Three Classes of Men," sent sealed, 1
by mail, free. _. r
S__^__^l^^3->J :___3X__.._Z_OT:FLIO OCX,
633 {".arket Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco. "
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays,' 10. to 1. Offices at Los Angeles, Cal., 204 So. Broadway; Portland Or. 253
Wash my ton street. . . ■ , ■ ' » **
* NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— 632 Market street.
honest sentiments on this matter. The
resort to a commission bill presents
greater dangers than you have had to face
in the last three or four years. As long as
you are represented by honest men, with
tbe exception of one. there was no danger,
but let us keep up the fight till the two
houses adjourn sine die. It represents
the future development of this great State
to win this fight. They say. are you id
favor of Government ownership?
"Yes!" "Yes!" cried the audience.
"I Jtnnw you are," said the speaker.
"Government control of the, road may
allow an** nd all railroads coming to
Omaha to come to our great State. It
does not involve Government ownership
of all the road ; only a part of it. The rail
road question in this land will never be
settled till the Government owns a railroad
from ocean to ocean." _ ••'
Dr. Clinton, a member of the Board of
Supervisors, said: ••Thank God the fight
against the grasping avarice of Hunting
ton has been won, and the price of that
victory is eternal vigilance. We should
send into oblivion any commission .or
similar measure. lam here to lend "my
voice to swell the shout of gladness that is
going up from San D'e._;o to Del Norte.
Dr. Clinton paid a tribute to ex-Mayor
Sutro, "who has done more than any one
else to bring abo*_t the defeat of tb. fund
ing bill," to James H. Barry and the Star
and . Congressman Maguire, for all of
whom there were loud cheers. H j said
he Poped that the present Board of Super
visors had been elected for reform, "and
if any are recreant to their trust 1 want to
see them held up to scorn in a public
meeting like this."
This was greeted by tremendous cheers.
James H. Barry said: "I am glad to be
here to join with you in congratulations.
It is the first time this State has been vic
torious over Collis P. Huntington and his
pals in crime. If we express oursejves as
we did on the funding bill there will be no
commission. Under a commission we
would be even more under the control of
the evils from which we have escaped.
We can find out whether railroads in the
bands of Government receivers can be run
as well and economically as in private
hands, and then we will know further
what to do. I believe we have throttled
railroad monopoly. There is land monop
oly to throttle next."
He paid a tribute to Congressman Ma
guire, Mr. Caminetti and to Mayor James
D. Phelan.
Mayor James D. Phelan was met with
cheers and applause when introduced.
He said: "This is an occasion as broad as
the State. What are we here for? For
mutual congratulations on a fight that re
sulted in victory. That power has been
defeated which has in the past been con
sidered invincible.. I am glad to say.
coritrarv to the words of Huntington, this
Congress is not a venal institution. We
know that the in teres s of the corporation
represented by Mr. Huntington are not
the interests of this community and the**
State of California. - This man Hunting
ton goes on planning and planning bene
fits which he will not live to reap himself,
and they are detrimental to California.
"He has erected in the East construction
iron works in competition with our own
iron works, and instead of erecting them
on this coast. He has .tried to establish
another port in competition in this State,
and he has made New Orleans really the
port of California. When the Southern
Pacific's debts are paid in the future it
will be a dismantled road. I say that
there is a transportation conspiracy which
tends to the ruin of San Francisco as a
port.
"I say that man is a public enemy. Let
that railroad go to foreclosure ior a titbo
of the dei_t, and let other people get ho d
of it, for any change cannot be a change
for the worse. There are half a dozen
roads at the Missouri River waiting to
come this way. Let the Government lore
close, and when this is done we do no man
an injury." '.' . *:
Hon. F. H. Gould of Btockton, ex-Con
gressman, made the closing speech. He
said that to-night the people of this State
believe the paying of the railroad debt is
simply an act of common honesty. "Up in
the town of Stockton we have a railroad
running down the valley to Fresno.whicb
will, at least so far as that valley is con
cerned, relieve the people from the thrall
dom of the Southern Pacific. That road
has cut rates in two. That road was
built by money raised in San Francisco,
and now, in behalf of Stockton, I desire to
return to you our sincere thanks.
"What has been done in the San Joaquin
Valley by railroad competition can be
done over the whole State by competition.
It is a great wrong that the commerce of
San Francisco and a great State should bo
in the hands of one man. I believe that
in the present Congress there will be
measures adopted that will give California
a competing railroad." . ~ ,*.
The. meeting terminated with three w
cheers for California's representatives in 1
Congress. They were given with such '
energy and volume that they were prob
ably beard out on Market street
♦
Funding: Bill in Oakland.
OAKLAND. Cau, Jan. 16.— Outside the
Continued on Eleventh Page,HUNTINGTON WILLING TO
COMPROMISE WITH THE STATE.
Intimation Given Out That a Reduction of 4 \Per
Cent on Grain Rates Would Not Be
Opposed.
ANXIOUS TO BE RID OF
LITIGATION.
Claim Made That the People Are
Being Put to Unnecessary
Expense.
VIEWS OF TEE ATTORNEYS OF
THE COMMISSION.
No Settlement of the Case' Short of
Complete Surrender Will Be
Considered.
There is a strong probability that the
case of the Southern Pacific Company
against the Railroad Commission of the
\r c of California will never come to
Yiriaf, but will be dismissed at the instance
'V : the complainant.
Already an intimation has been given
that all proceedings, so far as the South
ern Pacific Company is concerned, wiU be
dropped if the Railroad Commission will
consent to a 4 per cent reduction on grain
rates instead of the 8 per cent cut, which
the Southern Pacific is contesting In the
! United States Circuit Court.
In conversation with an official of the
Southern Pacific Company, who has au
thority to shape the policy of that corpo
ration, he called attention to what he
characterized as the unnecessary expense
to which the State was being put in con
nection with the pending case, and showed
how, in hia opinion, further expense could
be obviated by settling the whole contro
versy out of court.
"Up to the present time," said this gen
tleman, "the State has incurred an ex
pense of $25,000 in attorney's fees alone.
This is without counting the services of
Attorney-General Fitzgerald, who, I most
admit, has done the most important and
arduous work in connection with the case.
It will also cost us, in all probability, a
similar sum for the legal talent engaged
to aid William F. Herrin. You see. John
Gar ber, who was one of the attorneys for
the railroad, testified that the services of
the gentleman who were of counsel with
Attorney-General Fitzgerald, were worth
this amount and he will, therefore, expect
and claim that the same compensation
should be paid by us.
"This would make $50,000, aside from
costs of court and incidentals, that the
litigation has already cost, and only the
preliminary stage has been disposed of,
though a year and a half has passed since
the litigation began. The actual trial is
to come.
* "All of this expense most eventually be
% borne by the people, for we undoubtedly
I .aye a right to charge the expenses of
this litigation to operating account, and
thus you will see the burden falls in real
• ity on the people.
"Should the case come to trial the com
mission's attorneys will be forced to em
ploy experts, and the compensation of
such gentlemen will not fall far short of
$50,000.' Add*to this another $50,000 for
additional counsel fees and you have a
total of $150,000, which will be taxed to
the people of California.
"Now, if the Bailroad Commission
should come out victorious in this suit,
and. there is not the least chance tbat they
will, the 8 per cent reduction will only ef
fect'a saving to grain shippers of about
$100 000 annually. In the face of this why
should the commission not save all the
money, trouble md loss of time incident
to this suit and modify their demands?
Let them accept a reduction of 4 per cent.
This would relieve shippers of tbe burden
of paying about $80,000 each year."
'• "Am I to understand that the railroad
company wouid suffer its rates to be inter
fered with to even this extent by the com
mission?" asked the astonished reporter.
'. "I should certainly advocate such a
course," was the prompt and evidently
sincere response.
When this conversation was brought to
the attention of the attorneys for the
Railroad Commission, they were simply
dumfounded. After they had recovered
somewhat of their normal condition, one
of them expressed himself as follows:
"There is only one way to explain this
peculiar attitude of the Southern Pacific
Company. It is endeavoring to create a
public sentiment ..gainst, the course of
the commission in order to prevent an in-
spection of its books and the thorough in
vestigation of its affairs so far as they re
/late to its business and career in this
.Jl State. ,
\ ' For years in fact, ever since tbe com
mission was created by tbe new constitu
tion has held a clulJover the officers of
that body in the threat to wipe the com-
mission out of existence on the ground of
its alleged unconstitutionality. There is
little doubt but that the fear of this
weapon has in the past partly tended to
make previous commissions amenabie to
tbe arguments of the corporation. The
existing body was not in any degree in
spired by a dread of this sword of
Damocles, but simply went ahead and did
what it considered to be its duty.
"Having been unable to stay or dimin
ish its aggressiveness up to the present
time, the Southern Pacific Company is
now seeking to discredit it wiih the pub
lic. While lam not authorized to speak
for the Commissioners, either as individu
als or as a body, I feel justified in saying
that they will not for a moment consider
any proposition for a compromise, which I
consider this to be. It is true that the
proceedings appear to be expensive, but
when the principle that is involved is con
sidered the cost is but trifling.
"That the commission does not propose
lo lose any of the fruits of its recent vic
tory in being declared a constitutional
body is shown by the bill introduced in
the Assembly by Beishaw of Contra Costa
.the other day. The same is to be intro
duced in the Senate by Gillette of Hum
fculdt. It appropriates $30,000 for expert
w^nenses." *™
Here a copy of the bill was produced.
It reads as follows:
Section 1. Whereas, there Is now pending in
the Circuit Court of the United States for the
Northern District of Calilornia a Suit wherein
the Southern Pacific Company is plaintiff
and the Board of Railroad Commissioners of
the State of California is defendant, which
suit involves the question whether the con
dition of the said Southern Pacific Company
and the various lines of road controlled by
it is such as to justify a substantial reduc
tion of the rates of freight and fare charged
on said line; and whereas, the question in
volves an examination into all the operations
of the numerous roads for a series of years and
the careful investigation of their accounts,
which are voluminous and complicated; and
whereas, said work can be performed satisfac
torily only by experts of Bklll and experience
in railroad affairs and of known probity;
and whereas, it is to the Interest of the people
of California that the real condition of the
said railroads should be made known and
proved in the said suit; and whereas, the
other costs and expenses of said litigation
have been and will be incurred and must be
provided, for,
Sec. 2. Now, therefore, the sum of $30,000
Is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the State Treasury not otherwise appropriated
forthe employment of experts and for the
purpose aloresaid, payable under thedirec-
tion and approval of the State Board of Ex
aminers, and for the purpose aforesaid the
Controller is hereby directed to draw his war
rants payable to the order of the president of
the Railroad Commission for such sum or
sums as may be directed by said State Board of
Examiners, not exceeding in all the sum here
by appropriated.
Sec. 3. Nothing in this act shall be con
strued as recognizing the lawfulness of, the
combination of roads controlled by the said
Southern Pacific Company or the existence of
said company as a railroad corporation or its
right to control or operate any of the railroads
constituting said combination.
"The expert, or experts, who will be
engaged will be men who can be relied
upon to do their work thoroughly and
satisfactorily. They will be competent
and beyond danger of being tampered
with.
"I am of the impression that, if the
Southern Pacific Company is disposed to
dismiss the proceedings on a compromise
basis, it may ultimately determine to dis
miss it without any concessions being
made. Should it do so the commission, I
suppose, would then go right on reducing
rates wherever it deemed such action just
and proper."
In the concluding portion of the $30,000
appropriation bill above referred to is a
significant stipulation that "nothing in
this act shall be construed as recognizing
the lawfulness of the combination of roads
controlled by the said Southern Pacific
Company." This is looked upon as a vir
tual announcement by the Attorney-
General that the validity of the leases of
California roads held by the Southern Pa
cific Company is to be attacked in some
separate proceeding.
BONDS OF FRATERNITY.
! The Retiring President of a Y.
M. I. Council Honored at
v..;.* a Banquet -_..-■_.__. •'•*.''
.
Companions of the Forest Install
Olffcers— The Order of Macca
bees' Convention.
Mrs. M. A. Duke, grand chief com
panion, accompanied by Mrs. E. Harring
ton, grand sub-chief companion, visited
Eschscholtzia Circle, Companions of the
Forest, F. O. A., in Mountain View on
last Tuesday evening and found the circle
very proficient in the ritualistic work.
After tbe meeting a banquet was served
in honor of the visitors and this«vas lol
lowed by a "ghost dance."
Miss B. Hintze, grand treasurer, as-
I sisted by Miss A. D. Bremer, visited
Presidio Circle on last Tuesday and in
stalled its newly elected officers. A good
attendance greeted the visitors and a so
cial time followed the installation.
Defiance Circle is making arrangements
for a good social time March 3.
The newly elected officers of Acme Cir- !
cle were installed on last Monday evening '
by Thomas Sewell, P. G. C. C, assisted by Mr.
Tucker, YD. G. C. C. After the installation the
retiring past chief companion, A. J. Mandob,
was presented with a beautiful badge by Past
Grand Chief Companion Sewell on behalf of
the circle.
Last Tuesday evening Miss Irene P. Rose,
D. G. C. C, assisted by Mrs. J. L. Ansel as
marshal, installed the following officers of
Hamlet Circle of Alameda, Miss Bose, the re
cording secretary, having the obligation ad
ministered by Grand Secretary Mi* s Annie D.
Bremer: Mrs. M. Reichsrath, Jr. P. C. C. ; Miss
A- M. Crowley, C. C. ; August Born, S. C. C. ;
Miss A. D. Brewer, financial secretary; Miss I.
P. Rose, recording secretary; Miss Marian
Mentel. treasurer; Miss T. Kriiger, R. G. ; Mrs.
A.C.Wright, L. G. ; Miss L. Eckstein, I. G. :
Mrs. A. M. Tan, O. G. ; Miss Marian Mentel,
organist. *"
After the installation the members of Court
Pride of Alameda; No. 18, F. of A., were ad
mitted and a good time was enjoyed by aiL
The following were lnstiilied as officers of
Excelsior Circle: Mrs. M. McMurray, C. C; Miss
C. Magnus, S. C. C. ; Miss Birdie ilesler. T. ;
John J. CordajvF. S.; Miss Lena Wishman,
R. S. ; Dr. J. Sabosly, physician; Miss M. Mag
nus, R. G. ; Mrs. Julii Wishman, L. G.; Mrs.
N. G. Smith, I. G.; Mrs. J. Wilson, O. G. ; S. J.
Olson and A. Larsen, trustees. The installa
tion officer was Mr*. M. A. Duke, G. C. C.
Order of Maccabees.
The members of this order are very active in
their endeavors to secure the next Stale con
vention for this City. There are now sixty-five
tents in this State, one-half in the northern
part. The four tents in this City and two
across the bay are particularly alive and push
ing in this matter.
Modin Tent, assisted by the Indies r,f the
Maccabees, will soon give an entertainment in
Franklin Hall similar to the owe given by the
Los Angeles degree team last September, and
it will be one of the great fraternal events of
the Western Addition.
American Legion of Honor.
The officers of Washington Council were in
stalled by Grand Commander F.lben, and at
the close of the ceremony the grand com
mander and the grand secretary gave an ex
planation of the new law.
The grand commander, assisted by Grand
Secretary Burton, installed the officers of
Myrtle Council In the presence of a large num
ber of people. The grand officers also installed
the. officers of Alia Council.. At the first
named council addresses were made by the
grand commander, the grand secretary, Su
-1 rente Orator Mansfield and Past Commanders
Thomson, Wneelock and McCarthy. At the
last named th" new legislation was explained
hv the grand officers and J. W. Disbrow. D. D.
G. C.
The grand secretary Is sending to the vari
ous councils a circular setting forth the recent
Changes in the laws.
The grand officers will continue their visita
tions during next week.
Chevra Sharre Sholam.
Next Sunday the Chevra Sharre Sholam will
give an installation entertainment and ball ln
Social HaL, Alcazar building.
Modoc Tribe Chiefs Raised.
At the meeting of Modoc Tribe No. 57. 1. O.
R. M., held at Sachem Hall, Red Men's, build
ing, Thursday, tho ceremony of raising up the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
newly elected chiefs was performed by Dis
trict Deputy Great Sachem C. H. Parrish, as
sisted by Great Junior Sagamore G. W. Collins
and Great Sannap P. L. Bliss. The guard. oi
the forest, P. F. Mon dragon, was presented
by Past Sachem H. Gutstadt. for the tribe,'
with a handsomely engraved badge.
Following are the officers for the new term:
G. Matson, S. ; I.J. Chapman. 8. S. ; J. P. Hofl,
Jr. S. : P. VV. Cameron, P. ; H. J. Hoey, C. of R. ;
F. E. Jones, K. of YY'. ; H. O. fCummings, C. of
\V.; G. W. Armstine, first S. ; E. H. Coiver. sec
ond S. ; A. YV. Cunuinghain, G. of YV.; P. F.
Mandragou, G. of F. ; J. F. Halman, G. YV.
Chapman, YV. YY'eiger, H. Mueller, warrior*;
R. Stevens, M. Dearcy, L. Hinz, J. S. Stephens,
braves; L. D. Fry, first P. ; A. Peterson, second
P.; V. Demarais, chief of music.
Mission Council, _. M. I.
About fifty members of Mission Council No.
3, Young Men's Institute, and invited guests
assemoledlast night In the Nevada Restaurant,
where a banquet was tendered to John P.
Henry, the retiring president of the council.
An excellent menu was discussed, and when
the cafe noir was brought on Thomas P.
Slevin, on behalf of. the parlor, presented to
the guest of honor a beautiful geld locket
having engraved on the obverse the mono
gram of the retiring president, and on the re
verse the words, "From Mission Council No. 3,
Y. M. I." In his speech Mr. S.evin stated that
the feast and the more enduring locket were
evidences oi the high appreciation of the
services rendered during his term of office by
the retiring president, and of his fellow-mem
bers hi:h estimation of him as a member of
the order, a. companion and a gentleman.
There was a lee. ing response and then fol
lowed impromptu toasts, responses and music
and song. __________________
CLIMAX OF A DAY
OF REJOICING
Continued from Tenth Page.
City Hall to-night an open-air meeting
was held to express public approval of the
defeat of the funding bill. Then* were
fully a thousand people present, although
the nieht was bitterly cold.
W. R. Davis, the counsel for the city in
the recent water-front litigation, told of
the vast amount of labor that had been
performed by the city's representatives in
getting the cases into the Supreme Court,
and prophesied that there would soon be
a decision rendered that would restore the
water front to the city.
He spoke very forcibly of the defeat of
the funding bill and congratulated . the
audience that it had been attained.
Assessor Dalton made a speech and re
ferred to the trouble he had experienced
in his office with the railroad company
and how it is necessary for the public to
be ever on the alert, or they would cer
tainly be caught in new traps which the
railroad was forever devising.
Students Are Pleased.
The Students' Social Club, at a meeting
held at 139 Minna street Tuesday evening,
adopted the following resolution:
. Resolved, That tne Students' Social Club
sends to the Hon. James G. Maguire its most
heartfelt congratulations for his grand work
in behalf of the glorious results which we
celebrate to-night and wish him the same suc
cess in all future undertakings.
This was signed by W. J. Denahy, H. A.
Smith, John "Wharton, John Kane and
Dennis Lenahau, the committee.
Dean Stanley's Shirt Buttons.
' Mr. Lang, in the Illustrated London
News, gives an anecdote of Dean Stanley's
amiable simplicity. The Dean was dining
out, and was very late. When he came
his collar was unfastened, and the ends
vibrated like little white wings about the
head of a cherub. People could not but
look at him with curiosity during dinner,
and at length, with due precautions, his
hostess ventured to a-k him if he knew
that his collar had broken adrift.
"Oh. yes!" said the Dean; "do you
mind?" . •:; ; 7 : .
"Not at all," said the lady.
. "Then I don't mind either," answered
the Dean; "the button dropped off while
I was dressing," and be continued his
conversation. It was not, says Mr. Lang,
"absence. of mind," but unrivaled pres
ence of mind, that Stanley displayed on
this occasion. Any otber human" being
would have been at the point of changing
his shirt.
A Dog at Prayers.
The late Archbishop of Canterbury had
a favorite collie, "Watch," which always
followed bis footsteps in the park and
about the iio:s". When service w-nt on
in the chapel "Watch" stretched himself
in summer time on the mat at the open
door. It is said that on one occasion the
Archbishop himself read the second les
son, which concluded with the words,
"What I say unto you I say unto all,
watcn," and the doc immediately started
up and walked to bis master, as if he bad
been called, and lay at his feet until the
conclusion of the service.
-NEW TO-PAY^P^^'OOpPS ■' ' "___ , __ ;
CLOAK and FUR SALE.
Third Week and Bigger Bargains.
Our Splendid Stock of Over $250,000 Worth of Elegant Stylish Cloaks, Dresses and Furs is Being Sold
at Most Extraordinarily I_.owPr__.es. Every Single Garment in the House is Reduced to a Bargain Price and
Marked in Plain Figures. You Must Buy them if You Look at them. Every Garment is this Season's Latest.
Style and Finest Workmanship. >*■> • ' - '•■•'"■■ : -■■■' ngm.
a* a FINE LIGHT TAN KERSEY CAPE, lri\^^Wm\Mr.' *W,W W*'rffl
tjp *x. _!o. nch deep by 12U-lnch sweep: - all wool; vf "■"'""'" '"-;-"_
this season's latest style, -.educed from $7 «*■_, .. . / __________7 , ? j q( - CHINA . BEAL FUR ; COLLAR-
|i QC CHINA BEAL FUR COI_LAR-
* . «!Q 7C tan 'CLOTH' JACKET: ALL S^S^^S*. flnB satin lined. Very «* cut,'
m*;: CURLY ASTRAKAN CLOTH CAPES, •iP ; ». I «_>. woo . buttons up to neck; cloth cuffs; • ruuu '-'' u "»ux **i_ on. _< ■
•_*"*•_). finesaiin -line, blacit lhib-t fur-trimmed; high collar; th.a season's latest styles; reduced __ -_„ _-....-«__ . rb-at «pnu rnnm
27-inch deep by 1-C-lnch sweep; this season's from f 11.  $7.50. Err tat trimmed, sained.
latest style; all sizes. Reduced from *10. -*>.: ** ,* ; reduced from $15 • ' .. ™ ' • ,
, m* r(\ FINE BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS; ■-"." 1
tJ.'i.U-'. all woo ; bUcks and bates: flue but- <n_ 1 KH ELECTRIC SEAL FUR COLLAR-
_*»<. Crt SILK PLUSH CAPE, JET EM- tons; best styles of this season; reduced from «10. «jp J. 1. _»_**. KTTE, wiih yoke extra full, line
»4PU.-JV.. broidrred b,a~k Thibet fur-trimmed, ■■ , . , , black martin col and edge, fancy 8114: lined, re-
fine satin lining; 28-lnch deep by 120-inch sweep; -'/•. ■* duced from $22 60. '-
this season's latest style. Reduced from $12 60. <JJ> *_. LIGHT TAN CLOTH JACKETS; ALL
«4P«). sizes: buttons to neck; this season's latest flft*iC FINEST WOOL SEAL CAPES, 22
, style; reduced trom «10. • tjj. 1 1>. Inches deep by 120-inch sweep, heavy
ffl. 1( ) r\(\ VELOCR" DIC NORD PLU a " * satin lined, fine roar.en iur trimmed: 24-inch,
JpIZ.OU. Capes, finest quality. Jet or gulmp $16 60; -inch, $18. 30-inch, $20.
trlmi_e*l; flne Thibet fur- rimmed, heavy satin- fl_» 7 (.A FINE KEItSKT - OR BOUCLE -> ~ i ~±~~Z~^'.' „. '.
line I: 20-Inch de pby 120- nch s-v-ep; ail this __**• 1. OU. cloth j.ckets: ail wool; flne high silky fflj Ift r\f) FINEST CHINA FOR SEAL
season's latest styles. Re meed from $25. finish: mohair braid trimmed; all siz-s blacks and «IP U.*J.». FUR CAPES, 16 Inches to 20
. ■ blues; this season's ;»teat styles; reduced from inches de»p. 125-Inch sweep, elegant silk llnln.',
__ $12 6a reduiedfrom *"iO.,^BS_a_W__a^sa^_S_^!?iJ__<_s_3_
SI fi (.A VELOUR DE NOKD PLUSH * - I
I O.Ul_». Capes, elegant quality; 24 to 26 -. -. .- ttort FITTING JACKFTS- Vi-i. _>';0 P_fi ELEGANT KLECTHIC SEAL
Inch deep by 30-i .cb sweep: finest jet and gulmp $8 45 »nd brad trimmed- n,or elegant o. W - ■&»&"• CAP «.S, 16 to .0 Inches deep by
embroidered, or plain dre_sy wraps; this season's .^, •„.„„*.^ **" «*'• gre"™ tins hml^hiL_. 130-Inch sweep, in combination with flne Persian
style. Reduced from $27 60 and $80. bUcks? reduced from I. 8 and »*__. ' ' lamb collar und y°*- ' elegaQl fancy »'*■- lined, re-
— — ' ____.-. duced Irom $45. - .
Q» )T PARIS MODEL VELOUR DE NORD flttT (\ FINEST CURLY ASTRAKAN CLOTH fl>«)F; ELEGANT ELECTRIC HEAL CAPES,
%s)£iO. Capes,. Jet-trimmed in flne designs or <tlpl''. jackets: mil wool: satin faced; flne but- —O. 16 to 20 Inches deep by 130-inch sweep.
with gulmp matt trimmings; elegant wraps; this tons: ail sizes; this season's latest style: reduced elegantly trimmed with fur tails and fancy silk
season's styles. Reduced from $50 ana $(.0. from $20. lined, reduced from $47 60. .
Country Orders receive prompt attention. Always send Money with Orders. Satisfaction guaranteed.
XCi I. V 9. I ICDEre' CLOAK and suit HOUSE,
\\\m S&a ¥ C& LlbDfaO i2O Kearny Street.
NEW DANGERS FOR
DIVORCED PEOPLE
Ju_g3 Belcher's Latest De
cision May Cause
Trouble. v
Decree of Legal Separation May
Be Set Aside at Any Time
. by the Court.
Mrs. Josephine Dastagn3 Surprised to
Learn Th-tf She Is Still in the
Bonds of Wedlock.
Mrs. Josephine Dastague is not yet di
vorced from Romaia jJastague, although
for several weeks she thought herself free
from the galline bonds of wedlock.
Dastague failed to answer his wife's com
plaint in the time allowed by law and
Judge Sanderson, who was then on the
bench, ordered his default to be entered as
is usual in such cases. Subsequently a
decree of divorce was granted, the judg
ment entered and the judgment roll was
made up. j_T*J-. .'.•."•
When Dastague heard a decree had been
entered against him with the attendant
danger of alimony, he employed Attorney
Rossi to represent him, and that . gentle
man convinced Judge Sanderson that the
defendant ought to have a hearing, so an'
order was made setting aside the decree of
divorce. Judge Belcher, who succeeded
Judge Sanderson, afterward set aside the
default and put the case on the calendar
to be heard on its merits.
Attorney Ruef objected to this proceed
ing. He said that his client, Mrs.
Dastague, had been granted a divorce in
the regular way, and that the court bad
no right or power to set aside^ the judg
ment unless a showing is made in writing
that there was inadvertence; surprise or
excusable neglect on the part of the de
fendant, or unless a motion for a new trial
has been properly made, with notice
served on the opposite party. In this
case, he said, the judgment and default
had been set aside without notice to him
or bis client, and he thought the court
had exceeded its jurisdiction. .
"The court is not with you in regard to
that matter." replied Judge Belcher.
"Section 473 of the Code of Civil Procedure
teems to govern in a case like this. It is a
proceeding to determine the status of
persons. A divorce suit is quasi a pro
ceeding in rem, and the court has juris
diction to set aside this judgment of its
own motion or on the showing of either
party."
Mrs. Dastague will therefore be com
pelled -to go into court with her witnesses
again, and her husband will -be there to
tell his side of the story in regard to their
domestic infelicities unless; Judge Bel
cher's decision is overruled by the Su
preme Court.
Mr. Ruef entered an exception prepara
tory to taking an appeal to 'he Supreme
Court. He suggested that if this rule
should apply to all divorce cases of this
character it would render such litigation
exceedingly uncertain and extremely per
plexing.
Ii the lady so divorced should at once
remarry it would complicate family mat
ters to a distressing degree to have the old
decree set aside in the midst ot the second
honeymoon, < for instance, and to call on
the newly made wife of the second mar
riage to appear ____->__] in court in litigation
that s c had considered finally settled and
disposed of forever. While it might not
morally involve her in the charge of big
amy it would technically place her in the
position of having two husbands, and she
would have no lawful right to live with
the second until the marital bonds hold
ing her to the first bad been judicially
severed. Worse than that, she would have
to face to possibility of defeat in her sec
ond tr al for divorce, and this might mean
an interruption if not a termination of
hr new-found happiness. .
Following out Judge Belcher's decision
to its legitimate- conclusion it would seem
to.be a risky thing to marry a divorced
person while bis or her spouse is living,
for if the decree may be set aside at any
time alter the divorce there is no telling
when the old litigation may come up to
vex the new-made family. This is illus
trated in the case of Mrs. Phillips, .' who
was divorced from her husband several
years ago on her own application, and
actually married another man, but learn
ing last month that her first husband had
accumula ed a fortune of $3,000,000 in the
cold holds of South Africa and had re
turned to Minnesota, she went into court
again and asked Judge Seawell, who is
known as one of the ablest and most care
ful Judges on the bench, to set aside her
decree of d vorce and to dismiss the entire
litigation, showing that judgment had not
been finally entered and defendant had
not answered. •
That motion was granted by Judge Spa
well, but final action in this regard has
been stayed since on the application of
Mrs. Phillips' first husband.
The Message Sufficient.
The traveling/man who put up for the
night at the leaning hotel in a small town
left very particular instructions before re
tiring to be called in time for an early
train.
Early in the morning the guest was dis
turbed by a lively tattoo upon the door.
••Well?" he demanded, sleepily.
"I've got an important me.sage for
yob," replied the bellboy.
The guest was up in an instant, opened
the door and received from the boy a large
envelope. . He tore it open hastily, and
inside found a slip of paper on which was
written in large letters,* ""Why don't you
get up?" He got up. — Golden Days.
BROTHERS FIGHT
A HOT BATTLE
Hugo Ehrenpfcrt Had a
Club, but Did Not
Use It.
An Exciting Scene on Front
Street on Saturday After
noon Last
A desperate battle between two brothers,
both well known, which for a time threat
ened to end in a tragedy, occurred on
Front street, between California and Pine,
on Saturday afternoon, and is still the
talk of the block.
George F. Ehrenpfort, one of the
brothers, is a member of the firm of Roths
child & Ehrenpfort, the candy manufac
turers, at 118 Front street, and the other,
Hugo Ehrenpfort, is proprietor of the
Paragon saloon, which is situated just
across the street.
A difference which neither of them will
fully explain has existed between the two
for some time past.
On Saturday afternoon Hugo crossed the
street to his brother's place of business,
and began an altercation which lasted for
an hour. He talked loudly of doing his
brother bodily injury, and in the end
made a demonstration that resulted in his
brother knocking him down and out, and
later hustling him into the street.
When be was able the saloon man went
back to bis place of business vowing
vengeance, and their neighbors in busi
ness anticipate that the end is not yet.
The candy man's version of the affair
would seem to indicate that the battle
came to a dangerous point at one time.
"My brother came into my place," be
said, "with the evidences of liquor on him
and began to abuse me. He carried a
club, and told me that he had a pistol in
his pocket ready for use.
s "I stood his talk for a while and then
told him to'_.et out. Then he tried to get
me by the throat, and I lost my patience
and knocked him out. When he got up
he was put on the street and told to go
home and behave himself. As a matter
of fact Hugo is not inclined to take care of
what he makes, while I am, and I suppose
be feels aggrieved that I am in prosperous
circumstances."
Mr. Ehrenpfort exhibited a lacerated
hand as a result of the encounter, with the
observation that be might have fared
much worse bad bis brother been given a
chance to use the club.
Hugo Ehrenpfort was attending to busi
ness as usual yesterday afternoon, but
wore a maffler about his neck, which con
cealed any marks that his brother's fists
might bave made. He was not inclined
to talk of the fight, but admitted that a
fracas in which he bad taken a prominent
part had taken place in his brother's store
an.l that he had had slightly the worst of
the argument*. "..*..'•
-■**-, -:;."-■ sro TO.DAT., %:;.\\:^r,:;::_;*7-";: : _t__- :^ ■'■■■:
A Doctor's
Treatment
__to n* nr a it
$5 a Month.
%P^ " It ILFll Lli©
-.. .*■,."'■ The very best medical skill ;
doctors whose experience and
practice put them second to
none; patients have the best of
care and attention. *•---.
We treat all diseases of men,
women and children, but make
a specialty of all THROAT
TROUBLES, CATARRH and
diseases of the EYE and EAR.
In these we have been pre-emi-
nently successful.
You not only get the best ,
medical services for only $5 a
month, but we furnish
AH Medicines Free
You have no druggist's bill to
pay, no prescriptions to get
filled. We furnish everything
FREE and make a uniform
charge of only $5 a month for
all diseases.
OURS is a straight, square
business; it is medical practice
reduced to business principles
and common-sense.. We do ex-
actly what we say — no fake, no S
misrepresentation.
V Consultation and advice
FREE. Send for symptom
1 - ~ blank, if out of town.
COPELAND MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
916 MARKET STREET.
Office hours: From 9 A. m. to 12 m. ; 2 to 5, I COLUMBIAN BUILDINO
7 to 8 P M. Sundays and holidays, 10 a.m. (Over Beamish 's,
to 12 M. only. I Room 18........ Third Floor.
_tjß**_l *^I^s-___»_<x*^ iw *kr™£
REA-ti ESTATE AGENTS, RENT COL-
LECTORS AND AUCTIONEERS.
Office and Salesroom
■
14 MOSTGOMERY ST., MR MARKET.
Miscellaneous Auction Sale,
By order of the Public Administrator, , Commis-
sioner, Referee and Foreclosure Sale, and for In-.
dividuals, as per Catalogue at Salesroom
MONDAY
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1. 1897,
At 12 it
By Order of Public Administrator
the Seven Following Properties:
First— Mary Sloane Estate.
Number 1212 Scott st, between Eddy and Ellis;'
2-story irame dwelling; br:c_ foundation, etc.:
renting low at $2.< per month: lot 25x90 feet.
Second — Edward Simpson Estate.
Numbers 3658-60-62 Twentieth st, bet Valen-
cia and t.uerrero: 2 1-story frame dwe lings in
front, and rear house: lot 25:2x114: fro it bouse
renting for 8.8 per m nth: rear hous.* vacant.
Third John F. MoMahan Estate.
Number 5 Bernard St.. west of Taylor, bet.
Pacific and Broadway: 2-story house; rehti for
$16 per month; lot 23x60; street accepted by the
city.
' Fourth Martin Dougherty Estate.
Nnmaer 21 Rlple* place, or Prospect place/east
of Fo som st: cottage of 4 rooms; *ot 60x100 feet;
half block irom electric cars.  •■ ,-..',. •? r 'A * . 5
Fifth— E. ... Matthews Estate.
8. line of Ripley place or Prospect place, run-
ning through to X. line of Mary a:.. 230:9 W. of
Columbia place: 30x150; 2 frontages, bet. Fol-
som st and Columbia place.
Sixth— Mary Sheppard Estate.
- 18 Natoma St., bet. First and Second; front in
store and 2 flats and rear In 2 fiats; rent $38 per
month; lot 23:3x75.
'■ ' " Seventh— Clyde Estate.
' Ocean View— Undivided third Interest in lot on
RW. corner of Montana and Capitol sts., W. 180 x
125. _*.:_..;-.';. ..... . . .'.., -■■•
By Order of P. F. Shelly, Commissioner.
SW. cor. of Filbert and Pierce sts.; lot 62:6
x 137:6.
Foreclosure Sale by Order Wells, Fargo
.*_.•*_ ■• , & Co. '• Bank.
. 6 lots facing on the ... line of Washington st.
and _. line of Jackson, bet. Cherry and First aye.;
this prope> ty is on Presidio Heights, the continu-
ation <>t Pacific Heights, and is rapidly becoming
very choice residence 1 roperty. '
The. four follow rig properties, by-
order of Henry P. Umbsen, referee
of the estate of Fred Greenham,
_ deceased : *
V;** : ;V; - \ ' ".First. .' . .
• I.W. cor. of O'Farrell and • Leavenworth st*: lot
.on y) 25:9x80 to an alley: Improvements belong
to person who has a leas » which > x.-res March 1,
1909;. rent, $45 until March 1. 1899, after which
time he is to pay $50 per month . until expiration
of lease. . ' ._":'.;■
Second.
'91618-20 Harrison St., NW. line. bet. 6th and
6th; 10. 50x80; renting for $58 per month; 3-story
and double 3-story.
Third. :>:£■",
' . 215 Clary st. bet. sth and 6th; 25x80; rent $20
per month; '3-story house.
v ■ ' I ourth. ' '*
E. line Sawyer st, 72 ft. S. of Visltacion aTe.,
and being lots 3 and 4, block 28. Sunnyvale
Homestead Association: 72x110: being short dis-
tance from San Bruno aye. and Six-mile House.
* . Mission Cottage.
934 Nineteenth St., bet. Castro and Noe: bar-
window cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 80x75
.. - < Large Lot. . •
8. line of Army it, 258:9.4 E. of Mission;
152:2x1 15. irregular; also, the two lots in the rear
of iheabovi-. facing on the N. line of Prfclla aye.,
averaging 25x17:> feet; ready to build on; street
work done complete. .... .
McAllister-Street Lot*
& line of McAlilsterst. 206:3 W.of Lyon; 2 lots,
each 25x137:6: good locality for flats.
f?': : f :■ ■'•'- Good . Investment.'
4 Moultonst , N side, distant 92 feet W.of Mont-
gom tv, bet. Green and Un on: 2 houses, front of
6 rooms and rear of 6 rooms: a tenements: rent
$14 per month; lot 22:6x62:6.
Call at the office and get catalogue and further
particulars.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery St.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ' 8T3.-.RB.
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD & CO,
I European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 60 per day, ll
to $» per week. $8 to $30 per month: free oath*:
hot and cold water every room: Alt grate* »4
1 every room; elevator runs aUnlgat
AUCTION
THURSDAY, JANUARY 28,
AT 12 M. SHARP, BY
Yon Rhein
cte CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
LARGE SIXTH-STREET CORNER.
75x125: E. cor. 6th and Shipley sts. : market,
stores ana dwellings; outlay of $1000 can in.
crease rents to $300 per month; to close an es-
tate. ....-,-. ..;"■;:
McAllister Street— A Grand Lot.
40x137:6: N. (sunny) side of McAllister, 137:6
feet W. of Fillmore; tew better lots for residence
or flats on tbe peninsula.
WOODWARD GARDES LOTS.
4 Valencia, bet. 14th and 15th.
4 lots; each 25x100; E. line of Valencia st,
120 feet _. of 15th; 14th and Valencia is a promi-
nent transfer point.
Mis-ion Street, bet. 13th and 14th.
40x100; W. line of Mission st; 237 feet S. of
Ridley.
Ridley-Street Building Lot.
25x95: S. line of Ridley st., 65:8 W. of Jessie,
bet. Valencia cable and Mission- st. electric road.
_fe«sle, Near 1 3. h. Flat*— Bents $72.
20x65; No. 1436-88 Jessie St.. S. of Ridley; 2
new flats: each 5 rooms and bath; at reduced
rents of $36.
25x60; No. 14 -0-42 Jessie St.; 2 new flats; same
as above; rents $36. .
Julian-Avenue Flats— Rents 843.
40x94: Nos. 17 to 23 Julian aye.; E. of Va-
lencia st. ; 275 feet &of 16th st. ; always rented.
NE. Cor. 13 and Stevenson, in 1 or 5 Lots
78:1x135: NE. cor. of 13th and Stevenson sts.,
with Cuinese washhouse: rent $J0; as a whole or
in 5 lots; 3 fronting Ridley and 2 fronting Steven-
son.
Jessie Street— 6 Building Lots near 13th
25x90: W. 'me of Jessie. 95 feet s. of ISth; 2
lot each 2.*>x7U, adjoining above on the south.
25x65; adjoining above on the south.
30x50. wl n L 40x20; fronting E. end of Qulnn
5.., with cottage. ____
Stevenson-Street Building Lots.
4 lots; each 25x65; E. line of 8 evenson st., 120
feet N. of .4th ; suitable for collages or flats
Dolores, Opp High-School Site.
3 lots; E. line of Dolores, S. or 18th; 1 lot 80x85
anil 2 Ims each 29x110; commencing 118 feet 8.
of 18th st.
Flats near the Park— 852.
25x80; No. 43-49 Tremont st., off Waller, near
Clayton; 4 flats; only 2 years built; ilalght-st.
cars. ■■',-. .•■';'_ ■:', - ,
Lafayette, near Green — Rent* 838.50.
28x80 No. 7 Lafayette st. ; off Green, near Dn-
pont; 3 st .ry tenement.
Third Aye., near California— Rent 830.
25x120- No. 213 Third aye. ; mo .crn cottage; 5
rooms, bath, basement, garden, etc -
V ii'-. 21st, near Valencia— Rents 830.
25x114; 3:157-59 21st st, bet Valencia and
Giieiftro; 2 flats; rent $39; a third flat is par-
tially finished; $250 will finish it completely.
Francisco St., near 'Mason, with Stable.
46x65. io Water st. : 409 Francisco, W. of Ma-
sou; 2-story bouse and stable.
Darnlln's Laundry, Chenery Street.
100x115 fronting Chenery, and 160x150 front-
ing S. P. R. K. Fairmouut lots, 16 2 .>, frame and
brie-, building; 100 feet front; lor laundry, dwell-
ing and stable.
Greenwich, E. of Montgomery ßent 835
• 43x75: 103-105 Greenwich a:., E. of Montgom-
ery; one --sory noas» and 2 co tages; wl.h some
repair would rent for $28 : must be so.d.
Corner York, 26th and Serpentine Are.
120 feet on York st., 69:3 on 26th and 38 on
Serpentine; as a whole or in 4 lots.
5 Lots on Serpentine Aye., opp. Howard.
80x123: S. line of Preclta st., opposite Howard,
600 teet W. of Folsom; a* so in rear of above, fac-
ing California aye. ; 65x120.
**_____________* _i ■ Big «5 ls a ion -poisonous
<A|__F-_--^^"^'_-___l remedy for Gonorrhoea,
_rf*K«ip^UKE!» > Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
MgtW '*" 1 '" ■'"■■"•■■-^B Whites, unnatural dis-
ESkW Gurtotee - M charges, or auy inflamma-
B> __Jf n«t to itrietare. tiou, irritation or ulcera-
3^*^Pr«Y(mt» eonugion. tion of mucous mem-
TTaITHEEvAI-S CheUIWCo. b»nes. Non -astringen-.
VJAciNCINNAT-.O ■■■ Sold by »rn_»*«tei
- W__9__'< Va. i ■•■■ mMMsm ot *** D *" ,n Pl a!D wrapper
j__!W. ' ' ______P_l by express, prepaid, for
*i_£l |BM______^___[ I 1 ur 3 bottles, C2.7*_.
■ IF V■ V Ciicular sent or. ■»- mast.
O DEWEY &CO.^g»v
patents! j
■■■■■■ ■■"■■'''■■■'■•*<^G*-» t Hy
:2Q MARKET aT.S.F_^2^
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
367 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: open until 9:30.
CHURCH NOTICES.
ifc_i_s="l _ KsJmThURc __~of"cH _US-~--ClEN-
\t>-£r tist— services at 11 a.m. in Beethoven Hall,
:*36 Post st .cor. Powell, christian Science Bible
Lessons; subject, "God's Promise to David Ful-
filled In -hrist— the Divine Idea Revealed in
Christian Science." Sunday-school for children at
t.i same hour. "Science and Health" Study
Thursday at 8 p. M. in Mystic Hall, 320 Post St.
Ail are welcome.
Br""®"" THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH,
m¥~& SW. cor. Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Dr.
Stebbins, minister. The Sunday-school is at 9:45.
Bible-class conducted by Rev. Samuel Slocomb.
Tbe morning service ls at 11 o'clock. All are cor-
dially invited. The evening service is omitted.
Ef- : _--S- THE "SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH,
tS : *& cor. Twentieth and Capp S'.s.— J. V\ ells,
pastor. Sermon at 11 a.m. Ny Rev E.K.Payne
of Berkeley. At 7:45 P. M. Mr. Wells will deliver
the second address on "T. i* industrial Situation."
Subject, "The Trump as a Product." All are in-
vited. Seats free. Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m.
Unity Club Tuesday evening: paper on Tenny-
son, Pastor's resilience, 20 Liberty st.
ot_^=> FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
U>~iy southeast , orner Post and Mason sts,— Rev.
G. C. Adams, D.D.. pastor, 'will preach morning
and evening. Morniug service, 11a.m.; theme,
■•Humility." Evening service, 7:30 p. m.; theme,
"Judas a Champion of the Poor." Sunday-school at
12:46 P. m. Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30 P. m. Samuel
D. Mayer, organist and musical director.
ftss*~ THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
"-"s**^ Fifteenth St., near Mission— Rev. "William
Rader, pastor. Services at 11 a. m, subject,
"Training and Growth." Services at 7:30 p.m.,
subject, "The Prophet and the Golden Age." Fifth
ln series on the Bible. Music by chorus choir under
direction of William C. Si&difeld. All are cor-
dially invited.
li^S"* CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
**<£' corner of Geary and Powell sts.— Rev. John
Hemphill, D.D.. pastor. Services at 11 A. M. and
7:30 p. M. Evening topic, "The Trend of Modern
Thought.'' Morning mnsl : -Te Deum" In _ flat
(Kroell); offertory, tenor solo, "Noel." Mr. v. M.
Lawrence. Evenlim music: "Jubilate Deo" in B
flat, J. c. Warren; offertory, "1 Lay .My Sins ou
Jesus" (Hawley). Ail are made welcome.
a"**"""^***- TRINITY" PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH
m^*r cor Capp au*! Twenty-third sis.— Rev. G. W
Chalfant, D.D., of Pittsburgh, Pa., will preach in
the moruing at 11 o'ooc**.. subject, •• i he • hurch
anil Her Gifts, What They Are and v\ liai hoy Are
For.' 1 Also in he evening at 7:30, subject, ••Phil-
lip's short sermon."
BC_^" I ' lV MOUTH CONGREGATIONAL
BF-****"' Church, Post St.. bet Buchanan and Web-
ster—Rev. W. D. Williams' D.D., pastor; residence
1719 Post st. Preaching at 1] a.m. and 7:3u p. m.
Sunday-schools, 9:30 a. m. aud ii:.o P. m. Chris-
tian Endeavor, 6:30 p. m. Morning sermon,
"sparing Not His Own.' Evening ruion. "The
Boo* of Books," ihe first of three sermons on the
Bible. Everybody invited.
[»_"_£■■" FIRST " CH R _ l SUA N CHURCH,
k6-js' Twelfth st., bet. Howard and Mission—
Preaching morning and evening by the pastor,
Erauk S. Eoid. Sunday-school, 9:30 a. m. Y. P.
s. C. I*. 6:30 p. M. Sermon suujecls— ll A. M.,
"Building and Losing"; 7:45 p. m., "stones, Ser-
pents and scorpions." N. B.— The evening ser-
vices are evangelistic. Popular songs, quartet
choir, male quartet. Hearty welcome, seats tree-
Everybody c me.
»^K*=> FIRsT BAPTIST CHURCH. EDDY
» ; -" St.. near Jones. — Rev. M. P. Boynton,
pastor. Services Sunday, Jauuary 17: Preaching
at 11 a. M. by Rev. J. -pencer Noi veil, and at 7 :b0
p. m. also, Sunday-school, 12.30 p. m. 'i . P. s.
of c. E. at 6:30 p m. Christian (. uiiure cla sat 8
o'c.ock Friday evening. Prayer-meeting Wednes-
day, 7:45 p m. All the services are open to ihe
public. Strangers are welcome.
»T_Js=- EIRSI Ni-.W SALEM CHURCH-
m^£r (Swedenborgian), O'Farrell sireet. between
Webster and Filimore— Tbe pastor, Rev. D. V.
Bowen, will preach in the morning a. 11 o'clock,
text, "Do Justly, Love Aiercy ami Walk numbly
With Thy God." Will lee ure in the evening at
7:30, subject, "Joshua Cummauding ihe sun to
Stand -i.L." All are cordially invited. Stats free.
Free Swedenborgian library, sabbath-school at
10 a. M.
*t_*S=> COSMOPOLITAN CHURCH, METRO
••_? p. on tan .emple, Fifth st.. near Market— Rev.
Haroid bO.ce, pistor. Doors open at 7:15 p.m.
sermon, "The Religion of Humanity, a Substitute
for Theology." James Hamilton Howe, organist;
soloists— jars. Alma H. Winn and Mr. Robert Gil-
christ.
"jti_-*S**- DIVINE SCIENCE SERVICE AT HOME
m°jP college, 3300 seventeenth st., be;. Mission
and Valencia, at 2:30 p. m. Discourse by M. E.
Cramer, subject, "Tue Fiesh Piofl eth Nothing."
j-t^g"' SAN FKANCISCO THEOSOPHICAL
•t-*^ Society Free public lecture to-night at
Academy of sciences Hall, 819 Market si., at 8
P. it, "concentration," by Mrs. M. M. Thirds.
Bt^""5"" THE THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY -
m>Sr Free public lecture every Sunday evening
at 8 o'clock, Native sons' building, 414 Mason st.
To-night, "Theosophists, What They Are and
What They Believe." by Dr. G. A. Danziger.
*J^_g= CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
3F-^ THE WEEKLY" CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for $1 50,
postage free.
NOTICE OJb' MEETINGS..
j-fr-g-* EXCELSIOR DODGE NO. 166, fi
*>■£? F. an( i A M. — Special meeting -W\
SUNDAY', Jan. 17, at 1:30 o'clcck p m, 'STj-f
for the purpose of conducting the funeral /^TY
services of our deceased brother, M. B. MORA-
GRAN. Sojourning brethren and friends are in-
vited. By order of the W. M.
'Ill En. £■ SMITH, Secretary.
K__^s-* AN ADJOURNED MEETING OF ST.
I*--^ Patrick's day convention of j896 will be
held -at K. R. B. Hall, Mason and O'Farrell sts.,
on SUNDAY, January 24, 1897, at 2 o'clock p. m.
All Irish-American. National, military, benevo-
lent, literary and social organizations are r quest-
ed to send rive delegates each. Ex-officers or for-
mer conventions, grand marshals, orators and
poets are entitled to seats in the convention. By
order THOMAS K. BANNF.KMAN, President.
P. J. Mci okmick. Secretary.
*C__S=* NOTICE— THE AN NO MEETING
\v<av and election of the board of directors of the
consumers' Ye «st and Vinegar Works will be held
on THURSDAY, January 21. 1897, at Teutonia
Hall, Howard st., near Ninth, at 2 p M.
JAMES A. STULZ, President.
Chris Brisk, Secretary.
lE---S- GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY OF THE
fit-****- 5 * Pac. fle— The annual election of directors
and councilors of this society will be held on
TUESDAY, 19 h inst., at tbe rooms. Merchants'
Exchange buiidinc. Polls open from noon till 6
p. M. Meeting at Bp. m. By order
GEORGE DAVIDSON, President.
John* Partridge, secretary.
, aSS"" DUTCH LINING AND LING
lE--*'? Company— The re u!ar annual meetiug of
the stockholders Of the Dutch Mining and MLilng
Company will beheld at tbe offi c of the com-
pany, rooms 67 ano 68, Stevenson building, south-
west corner California and Mont-ornery streets,
San Francisco, CaL, on MONDAY, the 18th dsy
of January, 1897, at 2 o'clock p. m , for ihe pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the eusuint year and forthe transaction of such
other business as may De brought before the
meetlnc. Transfer book* close Thursday, Janu-
ary 4. 1897, at 4 o'clock p. M.
tseat I a*' KITTENBACH, President.
I -a_j (iEORore W. Gkrhard, Secretary.
fan Fran' isco, January 7. 1897.
•__"*•«*-• ANNUA! MEETING— THE REGULAR
-F-* 7 annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be held at the
office of the <ompanv, 327 Market street, san
Francisco, CaL, on THURSDAY, the 21st day of
January. 1897, at the lour of 11 o'clocic a. m. for
the purpose of el-ctlng a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and th_ transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close ou Saturday, Jan-
uary 9, at 12 o'cock m.
I-, H. SHI.L. nv, secretary.
'■'}. - .>' SPECIAL NOTICES.
■*t_-*S= SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., JAN. 11, 1897.
tS-*^ The orphans and half-orphans that were re-
ceived into St. Francis Girls' Directory Orphan
Asylum since July 1, 1896, to January 1, 1897,
are as following: Orphans, females— Ella Andrew,
age 4 years: Teresa Melissa, age 9 years; Nellie
Allen, age 8 years; Echo Allen, age 5 years:
Pbcebe Allen, age 2 years 5 months; Marie St.
Clair, age 1 hour. Half orphans, females— Mamie
O'Farrell, age 7 years: Henrietta O'Farrell, age 3
y«ars: Nellie O'Farrell, age 5 years: Katie Dillon,
age 12 years: Irene Cambell. age 5 years ll
months: Nellie Stocking, age 10 years; Augus-
tine Hulton. age 11 years: Millie Crowley, age 10
years; May Crowley, age 2 years: Ethel Crow-
ley, age I year; .Hena Matti, ag* 9 years males-
Frank Hopper, age 7 years; Charlie Hopper, age 6
years: Frank Kane, age 4 years; Eddie Burk, age
8 years; .L-ouis Bun;, age 5 years; Dame Matti,
age 7 years: Robert Matti, age 4 years: Frank
Mattl, age 3 years 6 months: George Dillon, age
1 rear 6 months.
•*£_-*S*» INDIA OPIUM CURE FOR $25: PER-
ms<& fectly harmless; ladies treated at home. B.
D. KIMMIs. 916 Market St., Columbian Building.
""t^g**- BAD TENANT*. EJECTED FOR *4:
*%»*** collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Ca. 415 Montzv St.. room 6. TeL 5580.
~~1 WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THB
A WEEKLY CALL, for mailing.
IHIVIHENI* NOTICES.
**f_'--*5-> DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
W*^ 39 (twenty-five cents per share) of lhe
HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLANTATION COM-
PANY, will be held at tbe office of the Company,
327 Market street, on and after Friday, January
22, 1897. •
Transfer books will close Saturday, January 16,
1897. at 12 o'clock M. '
' E IL SHELDON*. secretary.
HOTELS.
BI'.OOKLYN HOTEL. 208-21 2"' RUSH T "sT^
board and room $1 to $2 per day, .6 to '$12
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1: suite
rooms for family $1 to Sl 50 per night: first-class
aervlce; free coach. CHARLES MONTGOMERY.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
O-dK^A^^EITiT PROVED THAT THE
downfall of the Turkish Empire will take place
March '20, 1897; the time is certain and the thing
is sure: lectures by J. T. Clmcoe,- aided by Elder
W. P. Bean, every Tuesday and Friday evening,
7:45 o'clock, each week till then. Lectures in
store, 411 Turk St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
I »B. ST. CLAIR AND DR. RIN-ES AND WIFE
I-' had intended to visit Vallejo, Stockton and
Sacramento and other small towns in the State;
it will be postponed on account of death of wife
until further notice; doctor's office 1256 Market
st.; circles Tuesdays and Iridays, BP. M. ; daily,
10 to 6 p. m.; come and see him: ail welcome.
OAKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY, FllA-
ternal Hall, Washington St., a; 3p m. Mrs.
Frietag wilt hold a public seance. Possessing
wonderful power she attracts intelligent audi-
ences, which in San Francisco number 500 to 6 10
Ev ning meeting at 8 o'clock. A variety of work-
ings and a surprise to the audience.
ALIFORNIA STATE SPIRITUALISTS* A -
VJ sociation, at Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin St., Sun-
day Jan. 17. al 7:30 P. m.: the entire evening will
be devoted to ballot tests by Mrs. Maud S. Freltag:
when skeptics have seen her they commence to
think: admission 10c- ' 'v .
\ T 997 MARKET ST., FIRST PROGRESSIVE
A. Spiritual Church, 11 a. m., test dave oping
eir e: 2P. M, tests to all, Mr. Luhrs, Mrs. Dun-
ham Winchester: 8 p. m., tests, articles read, Mrs.
KateHosklns, Dunham, Barclay McKee, others.
DR RIN-ES' SPIRITUAL" MEETINGS, 909
Market sL; 11 A. M..Mr. stitt and others: 2 p.
M., Mr. Hargrav. Mrs Sealev, at 8 P. M., Dr. St.
Clair, Dunham, J. R. Little.
TESTS TO ALL"; FRIENDSHIP HALL, 326
McAllister sL, 8 p. m.; letters read, names
given. MRS. Cl J. MEYER apd others; good
music; sittings daily.
EST, MEETING 2 P. M., IOC: WASHINGTON
Hall, 35 Eddy St.: 8p m., 335 McAllister sL;
Stitt, Clemens, others; skeptics invited.
R. SCHLESINGER AND MRS. IRENE
Smith: test meeting Monday evening at Mozart
Hall, 1358 Market st. ; admission free.
CHILDREN'S PROGRESSIVE LYCEUM, 909
Markets!., 10:30 to 12; see christening ser-
vice by Mrs. J. J. Whitney^
PROFESSOR .*. A. MINGO'S LECTURE AT
- 834 Mission, basement, at 10:30 a. m. and 2
p. 11. and 7:30 p. if*
BS. HANSEN'S CIRCLE; 11 A. M., 107
Fifth sL: meeting 7:30 P. m., 927 Mission; 10c.
RS. SHRINER: CIRCLE TO-NIGHT: TEST'S
to all: 25c: sittings daily. 311 Van Ness aye.
EANCE TO-NIGHT- MRB.~EG(TeRT AIT-
KEN; also Thursday eve; 25c. 320 McAllister.
ME. YOUNG'S TEST CIBCLE TO-NIGHT;
10c. 418 McAllister st. : excellent music.
_TilAT.O>'_ V. A-M-.IJ--L_I.UIS,
IRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
VJ various positions; from 810 to $25. 306 Mason
RUSTWORTHY HOUSEKEEPER WISHES
chamberwork, where she can go home at night;
best city references. 345 Dore st.
yOUNG GIRL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK
J. and plain ccokiug, $15; good references. Call
at 2251 Mission st
YOUNG WOMAN WITH FIRST-CLASS REF-
-1 erences wishes a place, sewing and mending
and doing very light hou sework: wages from $8
to $lb. B. box 43.
ROMAN WISHES WORK WASHING,
ironing or housecleaning; $1 a day. 731 Eol-
som street.
Y*l* r ANTED— AMERICAN LADY OF REJ-TNE-
" ment wish s position as housekeeper or care
of grown children, and sewing; pleasant home the
objecL J. G., box 22, this office.
OMAN WISHES POSITION TO DO LIGHT
housework. 754 Folsom st.
POSITION WANTED BY SWEDISH WOMAN
-l as cook in first-class family. L.. box 73, CalL
RESSMAKER OF ABILITY AND MUCH
experience would like engagement In families
or take work home: terms reasonable. 118 sixth.
OOD WA-HER WISHES FAMILY WASH-
VT lnt_ or flannels: out or home. Apply or ad-
dress 105 Prospect place, room 6.
\'Ol.NG~f_A WITH GOOD KNOWLEDGE
i. of shorthand and typewriting wishes employ
ment: willing to make herself generally useful.
Address D. D.. 1316 Filbert St.
At IDDLE-AGi D WO A " WISHES SITU-
IiI ation as housekeeper or as a nurse; city or
country: best of reference. Call or address fori
week at 36 Moss St., bet. Howard and Folsom,
above Sixth.
7*5 IRL, 15 YEARsrwTsHES A SITUATION
VJ to do light housework and assist with chil-
dren; pre.er.l to sleep at home. 255 Jessie st.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES TO .YORK
\J by the day to do sewing, housework, cleaning
or plain ironing. Address M., box 42. Call Office.
VTEAT' SWEDISH GIRL WISHES GENERAL
.-_ housework in small family. Please call ft 515
Myrtle aye., bet. Geary and O'Farrell sts., below
Octavla.
yOUNG STRONG WOMAN WISHES WORK
A for $1 a day: washing and homework. . 702
Broadway, near Stockton.
E_C1 ERT EXPERIENCED STENOGRAPHER
owning machine wl.i visit offices or receive
work at room, day or evening. Address E. S.. box
45, Call Office.
RELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
posilio i for light housework, chamberwork or
any kind of work by the day, week or month. Ad-
dress 812 Howard st.
ADY WANTS SITUATION AS HOUSE-
keeper, or will do plain sewing and mending
at home. 821 Mission st., room 6, second floor.
'OMAN WANTS ME.. 'a WASHING AND
IT mending; also plain washing. _ Apply 211
Natoma st.
C ITUATION WANTED — TAILORESS
0 wants work with custom tailor. 119 Third st.,
talloress.
Ij** ASTERN cook (GERMAN), MIDDLE-
J agei woman, good butcher and carver, wishes
a steady situation; first-class lunchhouse pre-
ferred. 90 Shipley st., corner Fourth.
youNG WoMAN wants SITUATION by
J- the day at housework, washing or ironing; city
preferrei. 874 Howard sL
XPERII.N CbD DRESSMAKER WOULD
like to get some sewing, made very reasona-
ble. 2 Rose aye., upstairs.
OMAN WISHES To DO HOUSEWORK OR
" keep house by the month: $10 per month.
380 Lexington aye., near Twenty-first s:.
/ .OMPETENT WOMAN WOULD LIKE A PO-
VJ sllion as cook and laundress in private family.
Call for 2 days 306**_ Hayes SL
A «,* OMAN NT's" WORK BY THE DA
" washing or housecleaning. Apply 411 ok.
. EAMsTRES- WANTS SEWING OF ANY'
1 kind, to do home. Address M., Branch Call
Office, 339 Hayes st.
OSITION ASHOUBEKEEPI-.K IN WlDOW-
er's family by one who is capable and very
neat; also good cook; No. 1 references. L. M. A.,
box 55, CalL
TRONG, RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES TO
_*) do washing, ironing, cooklne, or house-
cleaning by the day. MRS. CURTIS, 3367 Twenty-
sixth .v., near Mis-don; best references.
14/ OMAN WITH TWO CHILDREN WISHES
'» work as housekeeper lor bachelor; country
preferred. 3621 Eighteenth st.
ANT ADS AND SUB-CRIPTIONS FOR
The Call are taken at Branch office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission ss.
EFINED ELDERLY LADY WANTS CHEAP
board in country; neat housekeeper: good cook;
German scholar. Address MRS. GERMAN, Per-
a ta P. 0., Berkeley. Cal.
\\r ANTED— SITUATION BY 2 GIRLS, ONE
»» for general housework and the other good
housekeeper; best of references. Call for 3 days
at 515 Eighth si.. Oakland.
EFINED ENGLISH WIDOW, SUNNY NA-
ture; experienced housekeeper; good cook; for
widower: country preferred. 17 Sixth st., room
10; 10 a. m. to 9 p. I*.
Y\^ IDOW WITH THREE-YEAR-OLD CHILD
>" desires position in family of means as house-
keeper or seamstress: no objection to country;
good home main object. M., box 114. Call Office.
41 REFINED GIRLS WISH SITUATIONS, ONE
ii as nurse. $12; the other upstairs girl or care of
children, 920: good references. Address 3340
Twenty-fifth st
L ASTERN WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE
Pi would like first-class place as housekeeper for
lodging-boase, widower or bachelor. Room 9, 472
Stevenson si., corner Sixth, after 12.
OUNG GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
general housework or upstairs work 6 Enter-
prise, beL Sixteenth and -evcnteeiith, off FoUom.
OUNG WIDOW WOULD LIKE To DO GEN.
tlemen's plain mending at home. 106 Fourth
St., room 2. SSgn
HAMBEKMAID AND WAITRESS D&
sires a tton : has best of city references.
Address 625 Gough st.
yOUNG LADY WITH MANY ACCOMPLISH-
A me: ts desires' a place as housekeeper In a
widower's or bachelor's home. Room 2, 223 Post.
Position wanted BY educated and
refined lady of 37, with best of reference, as
housekeeper or seamstress; is handy at any kind
of work. li., box 31, Can Office.
ITUATJON DESIRED AS STENOGRAPHER
and typewriter or office assistant; references;
wages moderate. Miss 8.. 3 South Broderick st.
OUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION IN
private family for second work and care of
child good seamstress. 216 Waller sL
XV* A~NTED-BY PROTESTANT WOMAN, A
'» si. uation to do general housework: Is a good
cook and laundress. A. 8., box 77, Call Office.
A TTRACTIVE YOUNG WIDOW, UNINCUM-
.'V bered, desir *s place as . working housekeeper.
122 Post st., room 2.
WEDISH GIRL WISHES WOBK BY THE
day to do washing, ironing or housecleauing.
Address S. H.. box 34. Call Office. . -
OUNG GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSl-
tion as housekeeper. Call or address 112 Tay-
lor at., room 14. • "
YOUNG GERMAN WIDOW DESIRES POSI-
J. tlou as working housekeeper. ■ 106 Fourth
St., room 2.
/ - ERMAN LADY. REFINED, ALSO A GOOD
VJ seamstress, wishes to lake care of invalid lady
or go out sewing by the day. Address P.. box 73.
Call Office.
QW COR. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MIS-
Osion; branch - office of Ths Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY , 17, 1897.
SITUATIONS WANTKI. -Continue...
l\r ANTED— SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER
'» by a middle-a.ed lady in widower's family ;
city or couuiry; best of references. Call at 515
Eighth st., Oakland.
WEDISH GIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO
general housework; Jewish and American
cooking: wages *25; city references. Call Tues-
day and Wednesday at 1170 Market sL, room 80,
fourth floor.
Ai)V WOULD LIKE TO DO PLAIN SEW-
ing and mending at home. 131 Taylor St., rm.2.
EXPERIENCED HOUSEKEEPER (WIDOW)
wants work in widower's or bachelor's house-
hold: country prefer. cd. 88 . Ninth St., room 17;
hours, 11 a. m. to 9 p. M.
7 I _> LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
IJO CALL: .subscriptions an 1 want ads taken.
SUB"sC RIPTIONH AND WANT ADS FOR THE
Call taken at branch office, 339 Hayes st. ;
open until 9:3 ) o'clock.
V* INCHES IER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NIL
'» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
_F1 CO 1096 per week: convenient and respectable.
:iee bus and ba__<____.e to and Irom the lerry.
SITUATIONS UA.M'ib-)IALt,,
Hunter" \\\T^o^\\^his^k~\»7^d^Y^'jX-
nese employment office. 17 Webb St., below
Kearny, ur. Cal.; teL main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
/.HINEJSE __ JAPANESE.: ESI'I). 20 YEARS:
V'belp;tel.maln 1997. BRA DLEYACO.. 640 Clay.
HiNESB AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
C.HIN..SB AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENI'
J office; best help. 4143/3 O'Farrell. Tel. E 426.
APANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. R.
73, SL Ann's bidg, 6 Eddy st.: teL Main 5234.
ITUATION WANTED— BY STEADY, SOBER
0 cook, with long experience in restaurant, oys-
ter or lunch house. Address or call GEORGE,
115 seventh st.
TRONG GERMAN YOUNG MAN WISHES
any kind of work; well acquainted with city.
C, box 131. . /
HO.OGRAPHER. Al OPERATOR, WISHES
engagement in good studio where artistic light-
ing and posing will be appreciated, or would take
position as general assistant: salary moderate.
Address Operator, 530 Pine St., ro m 1.
AKER FOREMAN, FIRST- CLASS ON
bread and cakes; city or country. 19 Zoe st.,
bet. Third and Eourth.
GIARDKN R. GERMAN, SINGLE, WHO
' thoroughly understands landscape gardening.
carpet bedding greenhouse, orchard and vegeta-
ble growing, and who has first-class reierences of
some of the best known private places in this
Stale wishes a situation 111 a private or public
place. Address B. 8.. box 40, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A STEADY
sober single man; understands care of horses
aud garden and general work around private
place; references, s. 8., box 99. Call Office.
MAN OP 45 (WIDOWER), SPE.AKING ITAL-
Ian and English, understands the fruit and
grocery business, wishes employment at same, or
as a nurse in private or public hospital, or as a
bedroaker or gardener, or any other like occupa-
tion for very mod-rate wages. Address FRANK
MARTINELLI, 500 Francisco sL
ELIABLE MAN~YVA Is SITUATION. AS
driver or gardener; has had an extensive ex-
perience handling horses and around homes. Ad-
dress H. R, box 118 ibis office.
L'IRST-CLaSS CHEF WISHES SITUATION
Tina first-class house; no other accepted; refer-
ences. G. S., box 111, Call.
W ANTED — ADVERTISEMENT MATTER
' » to distribute, by a reliable man. A. s., box
65, Call.
YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK AS PLUMBER;
X work reasonable. 48 sacramento sL
C*OACHMAN, COMPETE , STEADY AND
J careful driver; thoroughly understands his
business in all its branches; experienced in train-
ing young borses. coachman, bux 41, Call.
X ELIABLE PARTY, HAVING ROUTE WITH
saloon and grocery men, would solicit orders
for wines and liquors; own- horse and wagon; sal-
ary or commission. T. X., 504 Third st.
ttoung MARRIED man op good appear-
JL ance, sober, willlngand obliging, wantsany kind
of work; modera.e wages; good references. F.
H., box 120, Call Office.
A'OUNG MAN (23) DESIRES POSITION IN
-- private family: understands horses; can m Ik
and do plain gardening; will furnish goo 1 city and
country references. M. Y., box 91, Call.
f.ANTED— WORK BY MAN AND WIFE
'» on a ranch or in a private family; both good
workers. Call at 615 Eigbltrst.. Oakland. .
~\ MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFEICE: OF THE:
J Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
ALESMAN WANTS POSITION; fpY'KARS*
experience in groceries and general merchan-
; disc; steady habits; reliable; best references. G.,
box 64. Call Office. _^^
.. AN AN WIFE (SWISS), WITHOUT
■"' children, wish work on dairy; man, first-class
dairyman, run any kind cream separator: wife,
good cook; references. Address A., box 7, CaU
office, Oakland.
LDERLY* MAN WISHES SITUATION TO
take care of horses or garden; | handy with
tools; good all around mau; good home more the
object than wages. 37 Austin st , near Polk.
V* OUN G MAN, AMERICAN. STRICTLY
-I- sober, wants position as watchman or porter In
bole ; best of Eastern recommendations. Address
M. ii., 321 Ellis sL
N ELDERLY' MAN, A LITTLE LAME,
would work at any light occupaiion for a good
home: is used to cooking and housework.. J. U.,
box 73, Call Office.
Ij*IRST-CLASS CREAMERY MAN DESIRES
J a position as buttermaker, creamery or city:
first-class references. Address Buttermaker, 415
Brannan st.
OLLECTION- WANTED BY RESPONSIBLE
collector; references and security. Address
Collector, 121 California iL, room 4.
APANEsE SCH< OLBOY WANTS A SIT U-
atlun; speaks English well. T. P., 22 Prospect
place. :__B_M
"VOUN'I MAN WANTS A SITUATION* AS
A night watchman. Address 91*8 Howard st.
BUTLER (GERMAN) WANTS POSITION;
best city references. Address L. li., box 79,
Call Office.
VIAN AND WIFE. WITHOUT CHILDREN,
'** want charge of orchard or vineyard, or man
working in orchard or vineyard and wife can do
plain cooking: man having 13 years' experience
in orchard and vineyard wor*» : wages moderate.
Address P. O. box 379, st. Helena. Napa Co., Cal.
\*OUNG man wants situation, any
-L kind of worn; city or country: worked 2 years
in coalyard; reference from last employer and
hers. Address JOHN A. MACDONALO, 821
Filbert St.. Oakland.
C.OACHMAN OR GROOM, ETC. BY EX-
" perlenced and steady man; best reference* for
past 16 years. Address J. 11., care of 1379 Jack-
son st., Oakland.
ANTED-BY MAN AND WIFE, POSITION
on a ranch; wife cook, man all-around ranch-
man. J. F., box 11, Call office.
T.'NGINEER WANTS SITU ATION: 20 YEA • S'
X- experience: can do repairs, also blacksmithing.
Apply 227 Eighth St. ■
BY A GENTLEMAN OF 30, A POSITION IN
an offi c: applicant has had experience in
mining and real estate business. Care H. K.
BON, 326 Eddy sL -
SINGING AND P.INTING: GENTLEMAN
wants DOsil on. or country location. Address
Teacher, 31214 Fulton st.
INDUS! RIOUS YOUNG MaN, AGK 25, WISH-
-les work; wholesale house preferred: wages no
object. Address Reliable, box 98. Call Office.
APANE..E COU I'LE~WANT POSITION' AS
cook and second work; have good experience.
X P., 608 O'Farrell st.
'_'_<. HAVES ST. -BRANCH OFFICE OF
.).>U The Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
BRANCH OFFICE OF THE CALL, 167 NINTH
st — Want ads and subscriptions taken.
A MARKET ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
~i Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
,*"97 MONTGOMERY*. CORNER OF CLAY—
tli. I Open nnti 9:30 oclock; branch office of
the Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
\\T INCHESTER HOUSF, 44 THIRD ST., NIL
'» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to Sl 50 per night;
81 60 to J6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
I J.MALE HELP WANTED. ■
MEAT YOUNG "WOMAN WOR
■1- hotel, mining town, 925, fare paid; cook and
laundress, city, *25: waitress, country hotel. $20;
housework girls, etc. MURRAY <fe READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
"VTEAT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND PLAIN
X. cooking. 151 Day St., bet. Twenty-ninth and
Thirtieth.
"VTEAT PROTESTANT GIRL OF 14 OR SO TO
_-. assist moraines In light housework. * Apply
Monday, bet. 9 and 12 A. m. . 1120 Filbert sL
1 (\(\ LADIEB TO QUALIFY FOR NUKSES
iul/ ln a sanitarium. C, box 45, Call.
ANTED— PUPILS FOR A "PRACTICAL
"» millinery school; .course thorough; class now
forming for spring work; satisfaction guaranteed;
evening (lasses. 22% Geary or 410 Leavenworth.
.) EXPERIENCED GIRLS IN PiCKLE FAC-
_a tory. Lewis Packing Co.. 626 Front st.
E-OMH QUICK AT FIGURE-; MY BYS-
tem guaranteed to make you: low rale In club
now forming. Call at R., 672-855 Market st., for
illustration, JARR, accountant.
/_■] C LARKIN-BRANCH OFFICE OF THK
_»A_* Call; subscriptions and want ads. taken.
GIRL FOR PLAIN COOKING AND-lOUsl-
work In family of 2: mu.t be clean and wlll-
lug. Apply 217 Third aye.; I, wages 10. ■:■•-*
GOOD GERMAN GIRL, GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work; $.0. 933 Haight st.
CULTIVATED WOMAN FOR A FINE Posi-
tion; good pay; duties pleasant. V., box 2, Call.
OUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
516 Fourth st.
< ; ,
GIRL OR MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
general housework and cooking. 736 McAl-
lister st.
Vy ANTED— MEN. WOMEN TO LEARN BAR-
'» ber trade; only 8 weeks required: toolsgiven-
catalogue sen S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard!
PERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS
cutting and making taught; easy; unlimited
lessons; patterns 25c. McDOWELL Dresscuttlne
School, 636 Market st. "
■ t ' ,*:".'_=• * !-» '■'•.'-.* *
HELP ".VAN'TED— _____*___««■*__
1 1 I. ' NINTH ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
-lAUThk Call; subscription and waul ads
taken.
/.IRLS WISHING TO MARRY SEND AD-
YJ dress to MRS H., box 10, this office.
1 AWRENCE CUT 1 ING SCHOOL IS THE
-*-*■ only reliable place for paiterns: every one
i uaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market st.
WANTED— GIRDS, FROM UTol. INQUIRE
'' between 3 and 5. 1103 Geary. . ■
Y| GST CON YEN lENT AND RESPECTABLE: •
ii Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
-00 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and hacgage to and from ferry.
"L" LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
J Academy. 14 McAllister St.: $1 a week.
,' MALE HELP WANTED.
nr\ men wanted to-dvy for situa-
VJVJ tions of all kind .at MURRAY & READY'S,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st
VY r AITER, FIRST-ODAS> COUNTRY HOTEL,
»' $25; cook, near city, $40: 3 cooks, $30. $35
arid $40. MURRAY READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st
3 farmers and pruners, $20 and
found: farmers and or- hard hands, $15 and
$20: choreman, $8, etc. MURRAY" & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay.
Ci OK, COUNTRY HOTEL, $65. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
, NVENTORS— WRITE FOR* LIST OF "500
' inventions warned," free. J. GILBERT WAR-
FIELD & CO., 63 and 65 Wall St., New York.
MEN OR WOMEN TO~ WORK FOR US DAY
or evening at their homes: pleasant work;
no cauvassinc; experience unnecessary; we pay
salary; inclose stamp for particulars Standard
Mfg. Co., 142 West Twenty- third st, New York.
BRIGHT, STRONG BOY, WITH GOOD REF-
erences. Call 124 Post st. Monday, 9a. m.
ANTKD-LOCAL SALESMAN IN SAN
Francisco to handle line of ladles' skirts: ref-
erences required. Mauck Mfg. Co., Kansas City, Mo.
BECOME QUICK AT FIGURES: MY SYSTEM
guaranteed to makn you: low rate in club now
forming: call ai room 57 855 Market st, for il-
lustration. Ta Ri , Accountant.
YY'ANTED-CLOTHING-C'UTTER 20 SAN-
" some st.
OY" TO LEARN PRINTING BUSINESS;
stout boy 14 to 16 years. 424 sans -me, r. 4.
ILL PAY' GOOD SALARIES To FIRST-
>• class solicitors. Call 2 to 5, 927 Market st,
room 222.
BOYS BETWEEN 14 AND 17 YEARS OF AGE.
Apply at 200 Sutter sf
lIT A N TED — MEN AND BOY S~ 'TC^h A N
'» bnrherlng; can be competent in two months
with this opportunity: formerly took two years;
position given and tools donated; send for cai a-
logue explaining all. Moler's Barber School, 283
South Clark St.. Chicago.
*-*_: GENTLEMEN TO QUALIFY FOR
I _> nurses in a sanitarium. C, box 45. Call.
' UNG MAN WANTS BOOM MATE; RE-
X speciable boy cau have first month or two free;
state age, s. a., box 22, Call.
STUDENT WHO IS DESIROUS OF LEAR
kJ ing a profession; salary small. Address /..,
box 91.
.AN (EASTERN PREFERRED) WITH $250
'♦• for an interest in traveling big paying busi-
ness. i •. 8., box 106.
/■. OOD MAN NOT AFRAID OF WORK. 620
U Washington st. room 6.
CTIY'E AGENTS WANTED TO PUSH NEW
proposition: liberal commission. Landlords'
Co-operative Association, 143 Phelan building.
TF YOU WA..I A NICE CLEAN BED GO TO
A MRS. TILLOTSON'S, 144 Fifth St.
fflj 1 A(\ 2-CHAIR BARBER SHOP; GOOD
*_. itv. location; receipts $16 a week; rent
$10: a trial given. 24 Montgomery st., room 1.
PRACTICAL MECHANIC AND INVENTOR
wants partner with a few hundred dollars to
assist In testing and patenting an invention that
promises a iortune. Address S. R., box 91, Cal.
I 1/ • NINTH ST. — BRANCH OFFICE OF
1 11) The call: subscription and want ads.
taken.
'IK) PROCURE AND SELL YOUR PATENTS
1 quickly. HaL of Inventions. 215 Sansome st.
UPPERS LESS TH AN J- AsT V PRICES; TO
i measure bnd In stock. Holmbern, 959 Howard.
BOYS~SBS BICYCLE, $20 i" ASH~ PRIZES,
free to boys .ling greater number Eat-a-
horse cough drops before -March 1 ; big profits,
quick sellers. Call after H. 989 Howard St.. rm. 20.
Ur anted— v good HANDY' GENERAL
blacksmith; state ability, reference and
wages expected. Napa .Machine Works, Napa.
TJ ECRUITS WANTED -OR THE U. 8. MA-
-[trine Corps, U. S. Navy— Able-bodli-d unmar-
ried men between the ages of 21 and 30 years
who are Citizens of the United States, or those
who have legally declared their intention to be-
com" such; must be of good character aud habits
and able to speak, read and write English and be
between 6 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in heieht For
further information apply at the Recruiting Office,
20 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
MEN WANTED - TO - r THE SOUTH SEA
Island expedition; membership $50: perma-
nent homes on the co-operative plan: will sail in
their own vessel: membership-books will close
shortly. Apply 547 Mission st
STENOGRAPHIC-* PEED CLUB NOW BEING
organized at Heald's Business College, 24 Post
st.: the club will meet two evenings each week
(Tuesday and Thursday); club tees $1 50 a mouth.
■_< ARBERS' PROTECT UNION EMPLOY
If ment Kecretarv. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Cla.-
I ARBER>— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
l> P. U Barbers' Assn. s. PUCHS, 325 Grant ava.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EM FLO- ME.. _
teTetarv .H. BERNARD, 102 >eventh st
TW i "CHAIR B .RBER-SHOP FOR SALE
cheap: good location. 415 Hayes st
Echo hoiT^e, Bo3Vs markeT ST.— P.OOMS
20c. 25c to 50c nieht: *1 to $2 weec
IFYoUABE AN ACTIVE NAM) WILL
inn io work and deposit $10, we can guarantee
positively $.5 per week. 215 Sansome, room 11.
%1 Q MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
fa-JlO want ads takeu for THE CALL. .
OOMS 150 To 76c PtR NIGH ; 60c TO $1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS; 16u A NIGHT:
75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
fT 1 NTED— 4 MEx. TO SOLICIT ON A NEW
»' plan; no goods to carry; salary If preferred.
156 Fifth st.
TYLISH AND DURABLE CALF SHOES;
0 our own make: $1 75. 959 Howard, nr. Sixth.
,' A N Tr.D- LA BORERS AJND MECHANICS
tt to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st-. 150
urge rooms: 26c per night: $1 to $3 ver week.
Want ADS - AND • SUBSCRIPTION EOR
'» The Call are taken at Brauch office, south-
west corner sixteenth and Mission sts,
IV' anted/to collect wageo DUE labor
'T ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Aacy. 110 Suttsr
9*. 1 _». MISSION ST.— BRANCH OFFICE OF
-OIOThe Call; subscriptions and want ads
taken.
L* SIMON WANT'S 10U MkN TO I.ET BOT-
XJ. lie beer or wine 6c ■ best free lunch. 643Clav
'|IRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKaT »T., BE-
A low Sixth, for a room: 2So a nlcht: $1 aweet.
OSEDALE, 321 ELLIS ST.— SIN" FUR-
nlshed rooms, 20c to 25c night, $1 to $1 50 wk.
L*OR FULL AND (DEAN 10c MEAL OR
X cofl'ee and cakes 5c so to 13*^| Grant aye.
BE .T IN SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, $1 25, $1 50 per week.
Pacitic House, Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR
MarKet: 200 rooms, 26c a night: reading*
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
I 0(_ iIKX TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 150
1 VJVJ and 20c a night including coffee and roils.
124 Washington st. , near Kearn * . ■
\\r ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CANTHINK OP
'' some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & CO., Dept L, Fetent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for . their $1800 prise
iffer and list of 2UO inventions wanted.. ..
\\' ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 160 A DAY: $1
tt week; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 50 a week;
read groom: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
\y ANTED, YOUR SHOES —WE REPAIR
tt shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at night while you wait: ladies' soling, S6c; men'i
■oling, 60c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lot of shoe, been damaged by water, at
les.s than one-fourth ' their value, from 250 up to
$2 uO. 682 Miss st. bet. First st and Second st.
,
AGENTS WANTED.
T ADY AND GENTLEMEN SOLICITORS TOR
AJ musical ass elation: ' city or country; $50
month; references. Address P.O. box 362, Oak-
land. . . y 5.: .•.■•■•>_ .;
A GENT'S FOR MERCHANT TAILORING E8
-rv lab ishment; only experienced need apply.
626 Geary st, , .
AGENTS— A BOOK THAT OUTSELLS ANY
publication since Grant's book is "General
Miles Personal Recollections"; every one wants
the book written by the commander-in-chief of the
Iniied Sia.es army; first agent's commission
$22 in 3 hours. .E. PERSON.. manager subscrip-
tion department, The Whitaker A Ray Company.
/2» Market stI_HBBBnQ({SK_RB_SMR-_--_--t__-_f
HOUSES WANTED.
COTTAGE OR SMALL HOUSE WITH ST A-
VJ ble or little eiound. H.. b _t D' 3. C .11.
ROOMS WANTED. .
SINGLE GEtVp^WANTS _tOO__ft'U_?N ; ISHED
for light housekeeping west of Fifth st: pri-
vate family * preferred; state price. Address H.,
box 73. Cab office.
■• boarding wanted.
jjoard and good CARE WANTED FOR
JA two motherless children of 4 an l 5 years of
aire: ate price mid particulars. Address H. 11. ,
box 91. Call Office.
T ADY WISHES ROOM AND B >ARD IN RE-
XJ spectable private family: would prefer room
unfurnished; - price $18; references. Address ;S.
J., box 103, Call Office.
J****--*. RON AT,"..
INFORMATION WANTED OF J. STIRLING
X or his wife. MARIE STIRLING; former resi-
dence San Francisco from 1873 to 1881; was in
restaurant businesi during that time and moved
to Los Angeles. Any one knowing present ad-
dress kindly inform C. E. MaY, 108 North State
st, Chicago, 111. . - - *.■_*,
ENTLEMAN, . vVTDOWER. AGED 45, IN
comfortable circumstances, wishes to make
the acquaintance of a Christian widow: object
matrimony. Address A. F., box 45, Call Office.
INGUGLIERI SOLD OUT HIS BUsI-
• ness, iue American Poultry Depot, 517
Washington st, and will not be responsible for any
bills contracted from this dale. ■
AT LINCOLN BROS' CASH GROCERS, 226
Sixth st , middle of the block ; 3 cans corn beef,
25c; s cans trim; b ans, 25c; £■ cans milk, 25c; 5
cans deviled ham, 25c: b cans baked beans, 25c: 3
cans jam. 25c: 5 cans tomatoes, 25c; butter. 25c
roll: dates, 5c Ib; cheese, 10c lb; 22 lbs granulai d
sugar. $1; Hour, $1 10 sack. Remember the name,
LINCOLN. .
THE YOUNG WOMAN .
Who has those dizzy spells, headaches, heart-
burns and other well-known indications of NERV-
OUS troubles will be easily and quickly cured by
going directly to DR. SMITH'S ELECTRO-MAG-
NETIC BATHS. Call or address 1533 BU-
CHANAN ST., San Francisco. l* 1 . •' :
V HAIRDRESSING SUITS THE FACE,
my prices (25c.) suit the customer: my par-
lors are neat and clean and so are the attendants;
1 res ore cray or bleached hair to natural color.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St., nearest Geary.
MISS JARVIS. HAIRDRESSER AND MAND
curing, is now at Mme. Rug .'s cosmetic par-
lors, 413-i-.fr Hayes st: halrdresstne any style 25a
METROPOLITAN 1-ETECTIVr. BUREAU,
Parrott building, Over Emporium; offices, 540
and 541; hours 9 a m. to 12 P. m.; telephone
Mint 1471. .
ONE TRIAL OF GENE'S CATARRH CURE
will convince you of its efficacy; SOc bottle, at
1633 BUCHANAN ST.
H MANNING, FISH AND OYBTER
. dealer, 1026 Oak st, near Devisadero.
DD GOIjD BOUGHT; HIGHEST PRICES. O.
NOLTE, Jeweler, 222 O'Farrell st, nr. Mason.
/"* ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED, WITH
**T $25, by unincumbered lady. 120 Ellis, r. 17.
Printing material for sale cheap
at 8 Montgomery aye.
HANGING— BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
XJ IRVINE'S, 927 Mission st, opp. U. S. Mint.
IYAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER FOR SALE !
XX also cheuille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth st, Oakland. Cal.
PAINTING. WHITENING, PAPERING,
etc.; times are bard: must have work. F. ED-
WARDS, 1200 Webster st. cor. Eddy.
METROPOLITAN DETECTIVE BUREAU,
Parrnt building (over Emporium); offices
540 and 541; phone Mint 1471; hours 9 a. x. to
12 p. M.
rPWO WIDLOW BASKETS ADDRESSED TO
1 3-0 sansome si. lef fordelivery; ownerplease
inquire 1200 .-tockton st
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A BPE-
clalty: private*, no charge unless successful:
all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended ta G. W. HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market
EFINED YOUNG WIDOW WISHES TO
meet gentleman, past 40, who would assist
her; object mHtrimouy; no trlflers. MKB. R. L.
box 67, Call Office. '
_ j"STAFLISHED PAYING HAIRDRESSING
PJ and stationery store, well located, for sale,
cheap, on account of sickness. J., box 18, Call.
AINTING AND TINTING: FURNITURE
polished and enameled at lowest figure. Ad-
dress 122 Broad st, station L.
1 tUU\ CARDS, $1 50. SHOW CARDS. ETC.
IUUIi Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22-/ Geary st.
MASSAGE AND MAGNETIC HEALING:
ladles only; one treatment free. 407 Ociavia.
G~ ET RID OF YOUR CATARRH BY USING
GEN E'S Catarrh Cube. 1533 Buchanan s'.
di; I A DOZEN— fl-NE CABINET'S aT Wl__-
.g-l SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market
RS] THOMPSON, HAIRDRESSER AND
manicure. 7 Powell St., room 14.
G\ ET A SHAVE A i THE LADIES' BARBER.
r shop, 757 a Howard st., near Fourth.
1 THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treaied snd medicines fur.
nished for $1; call or write. 1029 Va Market ml,
oct. Sixth and Seventh, ban Francisco, CaL
'97 MONTGOMERY ST., BRAN OFFICE
• )— . I of The Calx; want ads and subscriptions
taken. . ;". >-"■■;:
LjARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAG \ZINE
• and Newspaper Illustration: particulars as to
terms, etc.. 424 Pine St.; illustrations fur-ished
for magazines, newspapers, etc. .
Vi ILL GENTLEMAN WHO FOUND PARROT
" please leave address at 1215 Union st
RUSTIC HAIRDRESSING, 25c; $25 FoR
cases of hair falling or dandruff 1 cannot cure.
MRS. HUBBARD. 1104 Market st, room 28.
THE ANIMATOS-.OPI-, THE PERFECT
screen machine. For price of hand or motor
machines call or address Animatuscope Company,
933 Market st, San Francisco, seventh floor.
I-kR. C. E. FARNUM - HAS MOVED TO THE
XJ Parrot', building, over Emporium, 3d fl., r. -03.
UPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
until cured : send for book. DRS MANS.
FIELD <__PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st
AGNTSCOPK — NEW PROJECTING MA**
chine; uses the klnetoscope films; price $260.
BACIGALUPI, 946 Market St.
C Lli.. CLEANED. PRESSED, $1; REPAIRS
Odyelng done. 131 Montgomery, r. 16.tel.red i 37
YY' ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL; PAPER HANG-
tt lug, painting. eta, by contractor day's work, at
your own pnce- N.E MERIGAN, 1302 Webster st
L.IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTTCON SHOW EVE-
1> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sis.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
11LKOTRU. LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM;
i Winchester House. 44 Third st, nr. Market;
200 rooms. 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AYE YOUR FEATKER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McC ABE'S. 870 Mission, cor. 6th.
IVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
riage; terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 906 Market st, S. F.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
It ment: fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
CLOAKS, FURS AND SUIT'S RETAILED AT
wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sansome st
Lost.
V OST-A PASSBOOK WITH : ' THE 7 HIBE-U
iJ nia Savings and Loan Society of San Fran-
cisco ln the name of Mil HAEL ROONEY, Na
186-1004. The finder will please return to bank.
O T-AN ENGLI-H FOXHOUND: WHITE,
with black ears and nose, collar, with name.
C. ROOS, 14 Leavenworth st; liberal reward.
JANUARY 15, ON OAKLAND BOAT
or train, a lady's black silk purse, contaiulng
coin and 1 key: liberal reward paid for purse and
key. CAPT. WM. SCHROEDER, schooner Pros-
per, Alice-st. bri ige, Oakland. '.- J _________Bl
"I TERRIER; SELNA ON COLLAR, RE-
-1 turn to 637 Eddy st.; reward.
RANCH OFFICE OFTHE CALL. 167 NINTH
st; want ad. and subscriptions taken.
OST— LADY'S (.OLD WATCH AND FOB.
bet Sixth and Twelfth, or on Market or Va-
lencia st. Return to 3622 Twentieth st and re-
ceive reward. . v
T OsT— 4 PASSBOOKS WITH THE HIBERN IA
XJ Savings aud Loan socletv of San Francisco, in
the names of MORT HEN JOHAN>SEN. JOSEPH
F. PERINI. JOSEPH DE LA RIVIERE and
FILOMENA DE LA RIVIERE. Nos. 204,618,
188,331, 199,156 and 156,431. The finder will
please return to bank.
T OST-TIN BOX CONTAINING BANKBOOKS,
i- murteage-papers. deeds, pension and valuable
papers. Ficder please return to 416 Brannan St.;
liberal reward; no questions asked.
OST— PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of san Francisco, In
the name of JOHN BARRY', Na 207,363. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— MOND. BET. 11 TO 12, TRANB-
-ferrtng from \V. shlngton-it. cars to Powell,
then Post to Stockton, circular featber boa; value
as keepsake. Send postcard to J. OSBORN,
2419 a Clay •..
HORSES.
j7vS_Ht_E_TT'Oß^S__^^
_: v) buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st: auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
.ri.HK EMPORIUM SALES YARDS 220 VA-
J. lencla st., is the place to go If you want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, bugcles, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
r\i\i\ ■*"**'*' NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAU-
OUU ness; all kinds; buggy, wagon, carts, surrey
tt rockawav: 40 cheap horses. loth and Valencia.
.HEAP-FINE HORSE AND DUMP-CART.
VJ Inquire 1232 Vallejo st, near Hyde, ln rear.
JUNE 6-YEAR-OLD MARE; SUITABLE FOR
business or private use. 605 McAllister.
C/l HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
OU weieht 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
BOARD FOR CHILDREN WANTED.
s___s}_rwXNi-_i->Ti^^
family: . only with ' mother's care, for boy
and girl; ages 6 and 3 yeurs: references wanted
and Riven. J* A. >, ; box 108. Call Office.
\. ANTED -MISCELLANEOUS.
OMETHING IN EXCHANGE FOR SMALL
business and $160 stock. - D., box 16. CalL
ILL EXCHANGE GUITAR, VIOLIN,
mandolin, banjo, fcr dressmaking ' or millin-
ery. M., box 91, Call Office. ,
\\r ANTED f.COND-HAXD GASOLINE EN-
tt gine. 8 or 10 horse-power; also, hoisting gear;
Address E., box 114, Call Office.
IjUILDINGS 80.1-.HT: LUMBER, SASHES.
J ) doors. mantels, etc., for sale. 1166 Mission st
ELD Y'uL'R BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW*
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st : send postal.
• WEEK'S NEWS FOR 8 CENTS — TBLB
WEEKLY CALL. Io wrapper, for msUlliis.
, LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
j^ r .. 150 ; ==
?i S°-__st 2- 66 rms, best city 3,500
- 1 *TT^/- m U "rg^«JjM«iMarket st. opp- Flftu.
A 10 __>_-_<_'_ MR VAN NESS AYE.; 100
A. cash, balance easy terms; price $450.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st
~l 31. ROOMS NR. -NEW CITY HALL; ONLY
A. $1000 SP. CX & CO.. 602 Marke st___
A 40 ROOMS' PRESENT OWNER CLEARED
A.*sVooO°: *l_oo down.* or exchange 'or bom.
ln Oakland or Alameda: price $2500. Si ECK &
CO.. 602 Market st . —
__•_>_./» 11 ROOMS: SUNNY CORNER:
&-3_»o. rooms all rented. For sale by H. C.
DECKER, 1020 Market st
cjO-KOuM HOUSE ON POST /-TKBET AT
i.A your own . rice. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
WE WANT BRANCH HoUsE MA NA . (J E IKS
" in larg* towns. Men who mean business and
wnnt large returns o-. small outlay may address
CARL, box 91, Call Office. 1. _
FINE LODGING- HOUSE: 32 ROOMS; ONE
ofthe best locations in the city: satisfactory
reasons for selling. 704 Howard st, cor. J nil-.
IPOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— I 4 ROOMS:
'all full; central location; rent $40. Inquire
1063 Mission st ,-',.;-
Oi-GING-HOCSE. IT ROOMS: SUNNY:
corner: making mon3y: tacrlfice; owner leav-
ing city for the >outh: see It. Apply 217 Second st
_27f_fl ' 21 ROOMS: ALI, ON ONE FLOOR;
«J) I VfVJ. doing good business. Apply Call Office.
ODGING-HOUSE FOR SALE— 3S ROOMS.
617 Mission st: cheap.
OQ FURNISHED ROOMS FOR SALE CHEAP,
_-0 on account of departure. 916 Howard st.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
BARGAIN— FURNITURE OF 23 ROOMS:
house full; good location on Market; must sell
by Ist M., box 63, Cal. ■ -
1- C KNIT CUE AOli SALE.
-IH.. CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $14
"vv stoves, $5: parlor sets, -20: folding-bod*.
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or good
as new; cas i or on time: open evenings.
INE PARLOR SET, MIRROR, CARPET,
very cheap. Call Sunday or Monday, .622 a
Ellis st. e__-f""""
l-TOft FURNITURE OF HOUSE 6
OOVJ rooms and bath; reasonable)
jjUCKIN'GUAM FURNITURE CO.— LOWEST
J " prices: furniture, carpeis: all trades. 866 Mis-.'
AUKNITURE WANTED.
FURNITURE, STOVES, CARPETS, COUN-
ters, showcases. ANDERSON, 1121 Market.
IGHER PltlC<_ IHA.V ANYWHERE PAID
by Indiana Auction C 0,1057 -Market. opn.Jonei
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FURNI-
X ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkla
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY' STEAM CARPET CLEANING WORKS;
cleans, moves. lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS^
Jiir. 38 and 40 Eighth st; telephone South 260.
' HEN YuU BECOME DIsGUSTED WITH
poor work s?nd to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tei. So. 40.
CARPETS CLEANED & RENOVATED LIKE
new. 23 Tenth; tei. South 36. Mackintosh <fe Co.
JE. MITCHELL, CARPET-CLEAN IN'O UO,
. 240 14th st : cleaning 3c ft yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
ARPET-CLEANING. 3c: LAYING, 3c: RUG
samples free; tei. Jessie 944. Stratton, 19 Bthst
/"lON KLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORKS.
\ I 333 Golden Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
CLAIR. AN AS.
THAT; MOST. MARVELOUS MEDIUM.
The success of the century. MME. LENOR-
MAND, whose fame as an occult scientist is unri-
valed, has arrived a:. d permanently located. She
cannot be classed with the many mushroom medi-
ums that infest the city, though her prices are
wiihin the reach of all; no matter what your trou-
ble, confide In her and receive her sage advice and
sympathy: business investments, love, marriage
and divorce a specialty lost inherit nces recov-
ered; mining leads traced; baa habits and evil
spirits positively removed; send and receive a life
chart, leads your energies in proper channels and
shows you the calling in life for which yon are es-
pecial y qua Ified, comp cc from cradle to grave,
shows how to win and hold the affections of othes:
readings 60c; questions answered 25c: cut this out,
appears Sundays only. 1 Polk st, parlor 14.
ME. DR THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympatuy; mistake im-
possible: fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post st, nr Larkin. .
ISS VAN DE VER E, THE MARVEL OF
many lands— Past accurately reviewed: future
precisely foretold; mines located; business and
love affairs : a specialty; magnetlst; letters an-
swered. Room 1, 1 Fifth st.
ONSULT THE LUCKY MEDIUM ON LOVE,
marriage or business. 243 Shipley, near Fifth.
ME. HANSEN; THE BEST FUTURE SUC-
cess assured: 26c; one price. 41 Minna st.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
l'l business advice; names given; 25c up.s Fourth
ME. MOREAU, BEST CLAIRVOYANT
and mediumin city, fee 26c up. 764 Howard st
ISS MELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
future husband or wife, 50c. 703*1/2 Howard.
L'ORTUNRS TOLD by both moi-ier AND
f daughter; truths- 1635 Hyde st
M . MABEL WOODS. MAGNETIC WON-
der, dreader; charms. Room 8, 207 Post
ME. YANSON, CLAIRVOYANT ANDMAG-
netic healer. 1 Fifth st, room 22.
ME WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARDS: LA*
dl .$, 25c : gents, 60c 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
YTsV LIFE- T EADER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st , nr. Market; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
ME. LENEMAR— FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets. 815 Mission st. room 2: walk in.
VI ME. LEGETTE, CLAIRVOYANT AND BUS.
l'l advice: 25c: one price. 311 Tehama, nr. 4th.
ME. HANS.- PALMIST, CARL-HEADER;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th St., r. 5.
ME. SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave; pictures Riven: Indies 26c: 914 O'Kar-sll.
me. RUTH HARRISON of N. y., MAG-
netlc hea er: card-reader. R 17. 109 a PowelL
SlllviT L ALI3AI.
MME. OSMAN. SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
um; life readings, love affairs, business invest-
ments, mining speculations specialty. 838 Mission.
• i)/. MCALLISTER— MRS. ci J. METER;
— D test meetings every nieht, 10c Tue., Wed.,
Fn., 2 p.m. ; trance dr., Sat. <&Moo.eve 25c; bus.sigs
KS J. J. WHITNEY. CLAIRVOYANT,
trance lest medium and life reader. 218
Stockton st ■
MRS. ELLIS, MEDIUM; SITTINGS.9 TO B, $1;
circles Toes., Fri.. 2p. m., 25c. 233 Valencia.
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
- writer 118 Hal-lr st : honrs 9 until 6 pm.
— ____———_— — — — — — __—■—^__———_— ——^-M——— ———-_—_— ■
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success trrtd.Hvnno'lcMesmerlcT O'Farre'l
ASTROLOGY.
V^_iUß_^Tf_-^---o^^
X veal past and future: send 25c for character
sketch and diseases, birthplace, year, sex, month,
hour, a. M. or p. m. if possible. PROF. BAIRD.
Astrologer, box 469 c. San Jo*e. CM
DENTISTS.
tfjp^FULL SET OF TEETH WORTH $16;
_p . . warranted 5 years: extraction free: fillings
50c. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
1 POSITIVELY PA IN LESS EXTRACTION,
. PR HARDING, 500 Sutter; tei. main 5375.
HALFaNT 'A CHAL A NT, MOVED FROM
8 Mason to 119 Powell: bridgework aspeclalty.
CIOLTOA DENIAL ASSOCTrf i'lO.N, 80S MAK-
'ketst PR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
<S*rj a SET FOR. TEETH— WARRANTED AS
tip * good as can be made: filling $1 DR SIMM:*
dentist 930 Market st. next Baldwin Theater.
J PAINLESS EXTRACTION, 50c; CROWN
. bridge work a specialty; plates $5 up: 13 year.'
experience. R. L. WALSH. DD.S.. 816*^ Geary.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.. NR
Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new:
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 60c: gas given.
LULL SET OF. TEETH, $7: FILLING. 60c;
J crowns $3. Paclflc Dental Parlors, 18 Third.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR
0 H. G. Young, 1841 Polk st.
1 R. J. J. L_.Eiv. 1206 MARKE I. (Ull GOLDEN
XJ Gate aye. : open evenings: smidavs till noon.
CROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 7-.0 MA__7
VJ ke:, bet 3d and 4tb: gas specialists; pa inlets
extracting, with gas, »1: plates. $5 up; fill. Sl up.
DX. GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GEN LINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6io 20 O'Farrell...
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market at
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECIT
sity; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc. at-
tended to.. G. W HOWE, ati'y-at-law. 850 Market
CONSCIENTIOUS, REITaBLh. ATTORNEY"
all business ' strict. v confidential; terms rea-
sonable; best references; U. S. ano Statu courts.
SupremeCourthld,3os Larkin
DVICE FREE; No CHARGE UNLESS suc-
cessful. J. G. JEFFRESS. 632 Market, rm.^3.
W. KING, CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL*-
. tatiou free: probate: sll cases: fees low. -
A DVICFFREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SO&
cesafui, W. W. DAVIDSON, C 27 Market su
34&__"#_&f___i«.>--«__&^ ■- *
_BrSTNEB*« rTTANCt...
COFFEE SALOON AND RESTAURANT;
must be sold. DECK 1020 Market st
ffljO/ A .iiANl'l'Al'Tl RING BUSINESS;
.EDO-/./, large prjfli. Ap. DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
PARTNER: PHOTOGRAPHER PRE F_ift^
red: established photo developing ond finish!
Ing: $250 required. DECKr R, 1020 .Market st.-^
■__*.£./. STATIONERY, CANDY AND NO-
ts)Oo\J tion store. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
fflj 1 rrr- FOR SALE OR WILL TAKE PART-
•Jp ' 'O. per. Mission nursery, with 8-room
house. A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st
PRACTICAL MaN WiTH SEVERAL THOU-
J sand dollars wanted to engage in the develop-
ment of a valuab c production for building and
manufacturing purposes. Full particulars by ad-
dresslug G. a., box 67, Call. *___
• IMP. T-CLASS Rl-.TAIL BUTCHER- SHOP
P lor sale; fine location: paying well: good lease:
low rent; good horses, wagons, etc.: everything
first class. Fur particulars cad or address Butcher
2924 I lay st.
\\f A .TED— A SMART MAN TO REPRESENT
tt an Investment .nd osnkfng business: only
Al business men who can influence capital; $2500
yearly. Address room 159, 17 New st. New York.
LOR T AM ALE PARLOR; CENTRAL-
I ly located: pays $80 clear: nicely fitted: $350:
full investigation given. Box 8, Call Office, Oak-
land.
-L-OR SALE— AT A GAIN, THE STOCK*
P fixtures and good will of the Senator saloon-
-124 Geary st. Apply at premises bet. 2 and 6 P. __•
OR SALE— RESTAURANT HAT IS DOING
a steady and fair business: rem moderate; lo-
cation good. Call at 654 Mission, about price.
EARN' OF SPLENDID OPENING FOR
_ business man with tew hundred dollars (safe,
steady and sure) of SICKELS, 620 Market st.
_ .HO WANTED— % INTEREST IN GOOD
r£)OVJVJ mine claim; money to haul the ore to
mill. 1359 Stevenson st. hours 7t012 a. m.
1 f\(\ RESTAURANT, BAKERY AND
I V'VJ. living-rooms; must sell quick; other
business: no agents. R., box 77, Call Oflice.
UNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY TO BECOME
lawful physicians. DEAN, 1001 West Con-
gress st. Chicago
ADY PHYSICIAN, UNINCUMBERED, DE-
slres gentleman partner; smalt means. J., box
15, Call Office.
ADY WANTS LADY AS PARTNER IN
good-paying business. Address W., box 142,
Call. .
WANTED- PARTNER WITH LITTLE MON-
TT ey, In big detective business. F.. box 11, Call.
Q. r-r- COFFEE PARLOR, NEAR CAR-
ij iO. house: cheap rent Inquire 1200 WebH*r>__
ROCERY AND BAB: C 750: 3- YEAR LEASE? T
HILBERT BROS, --or. Powell and Ellis sts. .
EST AURANT IN^gWD LOCATION;
clears $100 per month. 642 Clay st.
/ -. ENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VT young widow of means. 104 Mason st
T WILL SELL INTEREST IN AN EXCEL-
A lent business cheap. Bi? , box 85, Call Office.
OB PRINTING OFFICE; COST $2500; A
bargain, $850. 4 California st, room 5.
i.r 1 Q MISSION — SUBSCRIPTIONS AND
HO x O want ads taken for The CAM.
Ip OR CHEAP. AN ELEGANTLY
JC fitted up reuauraut. R, box 163. __
1 Q**,Q HOWARD - FINE CIGAR-STAN
JOJi' good location: cheap rent.
OQQ HAVES— BRANCH OFFICE OF THE
OOU Call; subscriptions and want ads taken.
.A PITA IST TO INTEREST HIMSELF AS
partner (dormant or active) in import and ex-
port business wi h Cential America and Orient.
Address & R., box 79, call Office.
YSTER, COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE; A
desirable place of business: neatly fitted up;
rent reasonable, with lease. 21*-__ Ninth st.
LOR SALE— MARKET-ST. SALOON; GREAT
P bargain. Inquire at NABER, ALFB A
BRUNE'S, 323 Market st
ANTED— BORROW $4000 FROM PRl-
tt vale party on highly improved fruit ranch,
near Newcastle. Placer Ca Ad. H., box 113, Call.
ARTNER IN - WINE AND LKJIOK BCsF-
ness; good outside trade; small capital: good
chance, call 820 Valencia st
ffljonn VERY CHEAP: A NEAT SALOON:
_p_d VJVJ. low rent; good location. Inquire 120
Montgomery aye.
ROCERY* AND BAR FOR SALE CHEAP
G. ROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE CHEAP
>" on account of other business; no opposition.
Apply this office.
ffljonn FRCITSTORE; FINE LOCATION;
«fi. iiVj VJ . good opportunity. H., box 73, all.
941 O GEARY— LYARD FOR SALE, Oil
_-i -tl VJ lease without stock.
_£ 1 ".fl SALOON FOR SALE: 3 LIVINQ-
©!--'-'. rooms: rent $22 50 651 Mission st
WANTED-P-KlNr-l- WITH $1.00 IN* ES-
" tabiished business. 510 Second st.
"LOR SALE— A FIRsT-CLASS SHOE BUSI-
P ness: reason for selling leaving for the East;
the business ls firit class and open to all investiga-
tion; the opportunity of a lifetime to right kind of
a man. Address S. B„ box 89, this office.
VOR SALE OR TO RENT— COTTAGE OF Q
J- rooms: barn and chicken- suitable for
teams terms reasonable. Apply 1219 Nine- .
teenth aye., South San Francisco- j-
I I'OR SALE— HALF OR WHOLE INTEREST/
P. in two of the best dairy produce routes in city;
will bear investigation; no agents. Address R. P.,
box 108. Call. __^^
"LOR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR CHEAP
A on account of sickness. Inquire st this office.
ENTLEMAN PARTNER" - BY A
lady of means. - Boom -, 223 Post st.
O CARPENTERS AND MILLMEN— TO A
practical man a first-class opportunity presents
itself to establish a paying business in a location
where there will be practically a monopoly of mill-
work and building: cash required $2000. For par-
ticulars see CHAS. W. POPE, room 43, Crocker
building
ANDSBURG DEVELOPMENT CO. WILL
sell 1/3 Interest In its property and business for
$8000 cash; money wanted to extend the business
ofcomp'y: mining, real estate, commission. Oscar
T. Shuck, 509 Kearny, E.F. Bean, Randsburg, Cai.
AIRY PRODUCE ROUTE, HORSE AND
agon, for sale cheap ac.ount of other busi-
ness. Apply 62 Serenth st -."-:.*
UTCHEK - SHOP". ESTABLISHED BUSl-
ne*-s: for sale cheap. Apply New ElectrlO
Market, 4066 Twenty- St., near Castro.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR SALOON OR
grocery for spot cash address >.. box 120, Call.
<__'.< HI RESTAURANT; COST $600: BAR.
tjpOVJVJ. gain; rooms: no agents. R., box 18, Call.
K_-TAT_.lt -lUU'I'l. IN INTERIOR CITY,
close to San Francisco. For particulars appiy
this office. .-"**•_•'_■:•. ■:
\\l ANTED— PARTNER WITH $40,000. IN A
*' grocery and liquor house established sines
1863. Address A. V.. box 39. Call Office.
BARGAIN; $550; RESTAURANT ANDOYS-
ter-house; doing a good and established busi-
ness: selling on account of leaving city. 821
Kearny st
CjO/ PARTNER WANTE. •; SALOON.
»D— VJ VJ . open day and night for many years: Id
center of city. Call Office.
OR SALE— SMALL - RESTAURANT. CALL
P 1429 Market St.
I'TCRER-SHOP- AN OLD-ESTABLISHED
stand; good reasons for selling. > F. F„ box 21,
Call Office.
mj/t^n CHOPHOUSE CLEARING $200 PER
■iD^rc)-'. month; central location. Apply Call.
CORNER SALOON: OLD - ESTABLISHED
business. Apply Chicago Brewery. 1420 Pine.
flfc-l f\f\ SALOON FOR SALE: A BARGAIN;
_rJ.UU. owner leaving city. 854 Howard st.
ALOON POR SALE— APPLY AT ANCHOR
brewery. 1431 Pacific st . i
QxTt PAYING -STORE: OTHEI*
iiOyt. business Inquire 1001 Mi sion st. jT
kU__t SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR SALE-300 YARDS OF FENCE, AT
Eighth and Harrison sis.
<2» li\ IMPROVED NEW FAMILY SINGER
tDAI7. machine, with attachments. 2437 Mis-
sion St., near Twenty-first
"VJEW SINGER SEWING MACHINE: $25.
JL. 252Elgh;hst
*VTEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST?
A\ W. S. RAY MFG. CO., 12 California st
ANIMATOGRAPH; LATEST SCREEN MA-
chine for showing Klnetoscope pictures. Ad-
dress H., box 120, call Office. , -
"I ADIES' NEW 1896 COLUMBIA WHEEL;
AJ reasonable. Call 9to 12, mornings, 1226 Bush.
boJLER_-*,ENGINES,_.D-MANI_ MACHINERY
AA water-pipes. Mcintosh & Woipman. 137 Beats*.
_» DOZEN THOROUGHBRED LAYING HENS
-> for sale; cheap. 2904 Iwenty-ihird su
J..ARS, BACK BARS, MIRRORS. SHOW-
-- cases, counters, linoleum, office furniture,
store and office furniture and fixtures, new and
second J. NooNAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission au, above Sixth. ■ '.
BARS, SCALES. MIRROR*, • FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MEEK, 1118 Mission.
]yj ATION AL CASH KE.-IsTKK, GOOD OR-
A. dey; also large folding-door safe. 8 Mission st
COFFEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
stand desk, money til), safe: cheap. 102 Clay.
1. ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. BHBLV-
■ ' lug, etc.. I.ought and sold. 1083 Mission, nr.7th.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM A-S-TlaroE-SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market st
.SEWING MACHINES.
OEWINQ MACHINES BOUGHT. SOLD
O rented and repaired. 145 Sixth st.
LL KIND- BuCUHI. BOLT). EXCHANGE!*
■rented repaired* lowest ra:et. 1 _.'QS Fourth s 3
. PRIiI'ESSIONAL .CARDS. ~*
| OHN _sri;ICHARD_.LAWo_'i-ic_.^" , „60M5
O 26 and 27, Crocker building; lelepuone Mat-
-75, ban Francisco, CaL*.
.1 U , ' AND MAURICE L. ASHER
O hitysa. law, rms 515.516. 6th nuor, Parrott old*
CAvv vk . PA?T VBn F' A_ERICA-THB
vv weekly CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one yew 16Q, w*_-
w tree.CITY REAL ESTATE.
GH. UMBSEN A CO.,
_JT. REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
RENT COLLECTORS AND AUCTIONEERS,
, Office and salesroom. 14 Montgomery st., near
J Market
k AT AUCTION.
' mO-MORROW (MONDAY), JANUARY 18,
1 1897, at salesroom, at 12 o'clock m., the ele-
L-aui residence situate on NW. cor. of Waller and
Devisadero sis.; contains 9 rooms, bath, attic and
basement: brick foundation, eic; nice garden;
commands fine views: 40x100.
BARGAINS AT PRIVATE SALE.
CORNER RESIDENCE CHEAP.
Cfc/I *7Pirt SUBSTANTIAL 2-STORY AND
_"*.*_ i OvJ. basement house and lot: must be
sold on account of threatened foreclosure; no rea-
sonable offer refused: north of Market st
A GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT.
■__••) Artf. NEARLY NEW DOUBLE COT-
C-"""> *»S "-"dd lot; 25x30; on Harriett st;
rent *2HB per annum; always rented; street
accepted. -. '- V *
A GOOD BUILDING LOT.
<J_;97*_n TAGE ST.: 25x137:6: IN THE
■"")_ I OVJ. Panhanale district
PRICE GREATLY REDCCED.
<R99Pirt 2-STORY HOUSE OF 8 BOOMS
• OVJ. and bath; brick foundation; rent
$300 per annum; lot 22:6x122:6 to an alley;
Chestnut st-
FOR SALE OR TRADE
CS 7 A A HOUSE ALONE WORTH THE
tip I OVJVJ. money; 3 substantial bay-window
flats, comparatively new, of 8, 6 and 6 rooms and
bath each: brick foundation, e;c.; on Webster st. :
rent $67 50 per month; mortgage of $4000 at 6*t_**
per cent can remain if desired; owner wishes to
trade equity for a coitase or residence in good
locality.
NEAR SIXTEENTH AND VALENCIA STS.
Q»)£»AA 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW HOUSE
*4P*-VJVjvJ. of 7 rooms and bath : this Is a splen-
did opportunity to get a cheap house cen rally
located and in a neighborhood where the property
is rapidly increasing in value; street accepted.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
--". " rtrtrt 2-STORY HOUSE IN STORE AND
tip I UUU. living-rooms, and upper flat of 6
rooms and bath: brick foundation; bay-windows,
etc; rent $38; ha f of lot vacant; room for 3 other
flats; lot 59x65; both streets accepted; this prop-
erly is in one of the best business portions of the
Mission.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOT.
<!_. U-...A A REAL BARGAIN; 25x137:6;
_T._jOUU. stree; accepted; lot ou grade; splen-
did locality In the Western Addition.
" A NEW INVESTMENT.
Oil 1 Pi A A s ELEGANT NEW FLATS OF
fS>± ~i. OVJVJ. 7, 6 and 6 rooms and bath each:
ail modern Improvements and conveniences; and
("cottage: lot 27:6x120 to rear street: only a short
distance from City Hal: on Fell St.
PAYS BIG INTEREST.
inOf. RENT $732 PER ANNUM: 7
. ."pIUUU. tenements; 25x75; Clementina st ,
near sth; street accepted.
AN ELEGANT CORNER MANSION.
Sift f\i .ft 3-STORY, BASEMENT AND
xO.UI'U. attic residence of 15 rooms and
bath; billiard-room, laundr*, etc.; all modern im-
provements and conveniences; corner commands
fine views; large lot; fronts on 3 streets.
DOLORES- ST. RESIDENCE LOTS.
Cl QHA EACH — 2 LOTS EaCH 25x105;
C±OUU Nob Hill of the Mission.
CORNER ON SAN* JOSE ROAD.
•__l__Hl LARGE CORNER LOT FRONTING
• _ UUU. on 3 streets; equal to 3 full lots; this is
cheap.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MANSION.
Si 1 1 ".Of. EASTLAKE HOUSE OF 10
Oil. OUU. rooms and bath, etc ; fine lawn
and garden; Pacific aye.: large lot. 35x1^7 :«'• i-
FORECLOSURE— MUST BE SOLD.
•it A ' -I ifl ONE OF THK COZIEST COTTAGES
K^T " OUU. in the city; 6 rooms and bath, bay-
windows, brie* foundation, etc.: street accepted;
on the park drive; 25x137:6; no reasonable offer
refused; large mortgage can remain; only cause
or contemp.ated foreclosure being unpaid Interest
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records.'' which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN <fc CO., 14 Montgomery st
HAINWALD. BL'CKBEK A CO, .REAL _._-
TATE AGENTS,
iIS-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED
CHEAP MISSION LOTS
$2100— Stevenson, near 14th: lot 35x80.
$1600— Stevenson, near 14th: lot 25x80.
MW— Jessie, near Ridley; lot 26x70.
$8000— Business property on Folsom St., near
12th: store and lata; reuts $55 net; lot 25x87:6;
offer wanted.
$3750— Modern 2-story bouse on Hartford st,
near '.'Oth; 6 rooms and bath; rented at present
;" ior $20; tenant pays wa.er: lot 25x125.
$4350— A NW. corner on Clay St.; best part of
the Western Addition; iot 31:3x106; streets bitu-
men and accepted.
5-Baker-st residence lot: street work all
• done and accepted; lot 25x120.
S6Ooo— Good 2-story bay-window house of 7
rooms and bath: sunny side of Post st., bet Pierce
and Scott; rented at present for "s3s monthly.
$16,1 00— Leaven wort business comer; store
and flats: renting for $149 monthly; one of the
finest business corners E of Polk st ; full particu- ]
Jars at our office.
$27,600— Fine business corner east of Stockton
s .: rents £250 per montb; store and dwellings;
$10,000 can remain at 7 per cent.
$11,500— Van Ness aye. residence; 2-story mod-
' crn boose of 10 rooms and bath; large lot 50x
A. 137:6 feet; Van Ness aye. bituminlzed.
a -siio— Washington st., near Broderick; new,
I : *dern house of 8 rooms, bath and finished base-
-1 .ent; prettily decorated and frescoed; lot 25x
127:81/4 feet
$3500- Pretty double bay-window cottage on
15'.h st, near Howard; 5 rooms and bath.
$7000— Fell **st toulevard, opposite Golden Gate
Park: 2-story cottage of 8 rooms, bath and finished '
basement; designed by Willis Polk; the vary best
sanitary plumbing; bouse new.- and modern la
' every way; mortgage of $3400 can remain.
$7600— Modern bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; California s:., near Fillmore; lot 27:6 x
87:6: rants $50.
82700— Oak st, near Park Pannandle; lot 25x '
137:6.
$400— Near Union and Hyde sts. ; lot all ready
io bui.d on; street work all done.
$11,600— Van Ness corner lot, 60x136: owners
in same block are asking $300 per front foot for
inside lots; street bitumen.
$2500— ''ew cottage on Church st. ; 5 rooms and
baih; basement: lot 25xlO'J; offer wanted.
$3500— Good, substantial, modern 2-story house
of 6 rooms and bath; street bitumen; small cash
payments; balance $20 monthly.
$5500— residence, near Golden Gate
_irk: 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x181:3 to rear st
$2250— oniy $100 cash, balance $20 monthly,
same as rent; new modern cottage In Mission; con-
tains 6 rooms and bath.
$4250— Rents $44 per month; Clara st, bet
itfa and 6th; lot 25x80.
$700— St., near Hampshire; lot 25x70.
The above Is only a partial list We will be glad
i< lurnish a complete list on application.
$7000— Rents $60: never vacant; Stockton st,
ear Pacific; lot 25x90; 3-story br.ck building.
$1250— Offer wanted; lot on Elizabeth st, near
astro; lot 25x114.
SH A IN H*ALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
218-220 Mnt ogomery St., Mills building.
J. RlclT-t~CO~ "
. Real Estate Aeents and Rent Collectors,
112 Montgomery st
$1850— Lot 25x122:6; Shotwell st; street work
done.
$2000— Reduced from $3250; nice cottage, 7
Fountain st 31:6x125.
$3000— Cottage house and lot on Golden Gate
aye : 2">x137:6: 5 rooms and bath.
$3800— A bargain; flats; Buchanan st, near
cable-car line.
. $3800— Choice cottage; E. side of Broderick st,
N. of Clay; 5 rooms and bath: large key lot; this
property remodeled Into flats would pay well.
• $3800— Handsomef cottage, 2915 Bush st, near
Lyon; 5 room-, and bath.
$4500— An offer wanted for c_taee house, 2224
Post t. E. of Devisadero: 27x137:6; mortgage of
$2000 can remain.
$4500— Scott st, flue building lot for residence
cr flats; 37:6x100.
$5000— 2-story residence, N. line of Clay
y-st , near Central aye.
i 55500- Reduced from $6500; 2402 Clay st, 8-
I room residence, near Fillmore; must be sold.
Jk mO— 2 choice flats on Stelner st, near Pine;
~ L 0 and 7 room? and bath each; income 855.
> ?7UOO — 9- room residence on Washington st.,
i.ear Scott: modern improvements. _UV|ft"
$7500— ler st ; corner flats: rent $52 50.
If 8000— Devisadero st business properly paying
a go<d income.
$8250— Elegant 9 room residence, W. side of
Froderick st, near Washington.
$11,000- Two-story house, north side Sutter
street, east of Leavenworth; this property could
be improved at small outlay and made to pay
handsomelj.
$ 14,000— Laguna st, 3 elegant flats, nr. Go'den
Gate aye. and Jefferson square; good rent. -
931,000— Business Investment on Polk st, 80
feet front, fu Iy improved.
$45,000— Market-st. property, 55 feet front by
123 feet in depth.
An offer wanted for 3 elegant flats north side of
Sutter st, near Hyde; income $115 per month.
an Ness aye.; residence opposite to the
Spreckels mansion; lot 60x100.
This is only a par- list of the lots, houses,
flats, residence and business property which we
are offering at prices In keeping with the times.
A. J. RICH A CO.,
Real-Estate Agents and Rent Collectors,
■ 112 Montgomery st
. <-_ 1 "..1.. CHEAP; MISSION, .NR. 20TH.
«JD*±OU"U_ large lot, full depth, with good im-
provements, paying good interest on investment;
mnst .'-11. - - •'
$6000— Fell St. N. line, nr. Webster; 2 flne flats,
paying big interest; large lot
$uooo— i'orfier nr. Bth and Folsom sta, with 4
.flats, pa-irq $32 per month; street in fine condi-
tion: this is a good buy.
' J. W. Wi.IGHT A CO. 628 Market st
ifljPi J CAN J.ELL bea i tii ul LEVEL lots,
♦_*•'. 25x100 feet, just lOOfeet from Mission st
and the electric cars, street graded, spring Valley
water, en $5 monthly payments, and you may
bul d on hem at once: come Sunday and look
.over mv offerings; lots from $175, all level and
ready to build on, I will be at my branch office,
44' Mission st., corner Frances, all day, to show
the property. GEO. A. TURNER, 26 Montgomery.
.■ S<; 1 V*. BEAUTIFUL LEVEL LOT, 25x100,
I^DXi.O. near electric-cars at lngleside. Aduress
1 R, box 114, *-'**"•
el_Ss99nrt COTTAGE FOR SALE: 6 ROOMS
'V •_<__._"_». and bath; 1 year old: ail Improve-
ments; easy terms if desired. 1212 No* st, bet
25th and Clipper.
Choice CORNER, 60x_od, cor. -iwenty-
fifth aye. and a st; graded; no reasonable
offer refused. Apply 144 Fourth st
% "H) 0 C ■"* '•**"* * AND $20 MONTHLY: 6
-T — VJVJ rooms and baih; cottage bulk: lftte_tim-
•.rovementa. 332 Jersey st, near Castro.
.1,..*... WILL BUILD A NEAT 4-ROOM BAY-
i_\ .. ... window cottage. GEO. M. SALSBURY,
2010 Ellis st
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON - A BURKE, REAL ESTATE
Agents; established 1858; 626 Market st
BARGAIN— MUST SELL TO CLOSE ESTATE;
6th, near Folsom; . 100x75; covered with
houses; only value of lot ask ..J— to wit, $160 per
foot
.6 1 ■**_ fs(\(t WEBSTER, -.EAR O'FAR-
■ _S±O.OUU. rell; modern Improvements ln
flats; well rented; lot 60x137:6: half cash.
-21 Pi AAA OAK-ST. BUSINESS CORNER;
.PIO.UUU. store and flat; lot 30x85: flrst-
class Investment
CHEAP— HOWARD ST.: LARGE VACANT
lot between Bth and 9th; 65x85; only $200
per foot asked.
<__QAAA FILLMORE, NR. MCALLISTER;
<j_pOUUU. elegant flats, renting for s6s; lot 25x
87:6.
BUSINESS PROPERTY; N LINE HAVES
st., near Franklin; lot 26x120 to rear street;
store, flat and rear house; offered cheap.
_r_7Pif_A REDUCED FROM $9000: PARK
_JP i Ovjvj. residence; N. side Fell st, near
Broderick; 9 rooms and bath: 25x137:6.
___l,fWlf» PAGE, NEAR BRODERICK; REBI-
tipUUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x
S7 :6. .
_» A Art 2 FLATS; LOTT ST., NR GOLDEN
»jP'iOUU. Gate Park; 26x100: yearly rental
$408.
_l__l9'.f. FLORIDA, NEAR 23D: 29x100: 2
O'-i— OU. flats and large barn, renting for $34. |
f_./lrtrtrt SHIPLEY, NEAR OTH; RENTS
<*"' _: -'UU. $45 per month; substantial building;
lot 25x75.
©QQAA CALTFOKNIA-BT. COTTAGE, NR.
tjp OC/UU. 3d aye: 6 rooms and bath ; ln a rap-
idly improving neighborhood.
(DJOCArv ALABAMA, NR 21ST; MODERN
«JpOOUU. cottage: 5 rooms and bath and base-
ment with 3 rooms; lot 25x100.
CLEMENTINA ST.. NR. 4TH. ; TENEMENTS;
rents $47; lot 25x80; only $3500.
-"i.-trtrt COTTAGE AND LOT SIEGEL ST.,
■©---"UU. near Cortland aye.; 25x70.
__9Pirtrt COLLINGWOOD. NEAR 20TH;
KffidOvJvJ. 27:6x100; contains 6 rooms and
bath; large basement.
<__ 9Qrtrt ARMY, NEAR DOLORES: COT-
-JJZiOUU. tage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTT.
Corner California and Locust; 37:6x107:7.
$8500— Page st, near Baker: 75x137
$4000—65x117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$:'6OO-l st, cor. Lvon; 31:3x80.
$2400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$4000—1 rvant St.. corner o; Harrie : 25x76.
52050-Ridley, near Scott: 25x117:8.
$2000— Belvedere, near Waller: 25x120.
j $1800— Sanchez st, nr. 16th; 25x100.
$1000— A st, near 14th aye.; 85x144.
$1300— 2 d aye., near California si. : 25x120.
$1000— Hancock, near Sanchez: 25x114.
S7oo— Poyce st. nr. Point Lobos: 25x120.
MADISON A BURKE, 626 Market St.
" A. H. LISBAK. O. F. Yon RHKI.V.
OF. YON RHEIN A CO.. REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street
68:9x137:6— 8r0al way, near Montgomery aye.
$-.o*ooo— Second and Minna: 40x77 :6wlthan L;
2 stores, upper flat and rear bouse: rents $117 50.
$15,000— Mayes, near Fillmore; 35x137:6; 3 flne
I flats, each 8 rooms and bath; rents $105.
i $10,000— Corner Laguna and Fulton: 50x110: 2-
story house: butcher -shot) and flats: rent- $65 50.
$90U0— Haight, near Steiner: 25x112:6: 2 flats,
- 13 rooms and h.itiis; rents $57 60. "
$6500— Green st, nr. Montgomery aye ; 22:11 x
68:9; 3 -window flats; 17- rooms and baths;
reins $57 50.
56000— Union, near Duponi; 23x68:9; 2-story
j house; 8 tenements; rents $52
$4000— Wasiuneton, near Powell; 20x57:6; 3-
'■ story residence; 10 rooms and ba.h: rent $40.
$4000— Kearny, near Green; 20x80 to Sonora; 4 i
I flats, 15 rooms, with stable; rents $39.
$3750— Perry St., near Third; 25x75; 2 flats: 8
; rooms and baths: rents $33 50.
3600— Leavenworth st, near Vallejo: 20x68:6;
; 3 flaw; 11 rooms and baths; rent, $33.
$3300— Union st, near Mason; 2 flats: rents $40.
$310J— Stanyan, nearGrattan: 80 teet by irreg-
i ular depth; partially occupied by house; 5 rooms
and bath; rent $18.
$2900— near Diamond; 25x114: 2-story
j house; 2 flats; 9 rooms and bath: rents $25.
i $2750— '..4tb, near D.amond; 25x114; new cot-
i ta.-e: 5 rooms and bath.
$2500— Erie St., near Mission; 2-story house: 7
[ rooms and bath; 25x85; rent $18.
$2100— Valley st, near Church; 27x114:6; 2
! flats: rents $16 50.
$900— Harold aye.; lngleside; 25x112:6; cot-
tage 4 rooms; rent $10.
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 25th-s_. railroad station: 61x
! 117:6 loan alley.
Fair Oaks and 25th: 30x100.
I $4100— Ninth, near Folsom: 25x100.
I $4000— Polk and Union; 27x67; make offe .
$2000 — Hancock st. near Sanchez: 50x11 L
Cl 2oo— Cor. B and 25th aye.: 60x188.
EW. HAWKINS,
DEALER IN REAL ESTATE
MORTGAGE LOANS AND INSCRANCE,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
LICK HOUSE BLOCK.
CHEAP HOMES CENTRALLY LOCATED.
*_.140n YERBA BUENA BT.; SIZE 22:6
**.. 200 EWER PLACE; SIZE 22:10 x
_£". rtrtrt EWER PLACE: SIZE 20x60: ALL
-J. IUUU. within half block of Clay a id Mason
streets.
QQAA 6 LOTS ADJOINING INGLESIDE
•_?OUU. racetrack; no grading; ready to build
on.
"Mi'-'-'-.n BRYANT ST.; STREET AC-
>„ ')~OvJ. cepted: pays over 12 per cent; gooa
building; always rented; size 25x90.
ii _innn SACRIFICED ON ACCOUNT OF
ty "I VUU. departure; handsome bay-window
I cottage; N. line of Bush st, near Baker: 6 rooms
and bath; fine basement: large garden; size 25x
137
SP.XAA ASHBURY HEIGHTS, CORNER
».. OOVJVJ. Frederick and Clayton sts. : beautiful
view; cars now pass the property; street work
done; size 53:1*^x137:6.
ajq.AA PAYS $384 YEARLY; ALWAYS
<LU)OXVJ\J. rented: nearly new; perfect order; 4 I
tenants; no better small investment
©OQAA 6TH AYE., NR. POINT LOBOS; j
•UP aUOvjvj. new cottage; 6 rooms and bath; high
basement; perfect sanitary plumbing; must be
sold; size 26x120.
"Sid".!. PARK LOTS, SECOND TIER,
UP^tOU. south of park, near boulevard; size 25x
120. ______
ffljOf»*_.A PRETTY BAY-WINDOW COT-
Z.UOU. tage, 5 rooms and bath, near Market
and Guerrero sis.; mortgage $1500 can remain;
rent $22 50; size 25x75.
Apply to E. W. HAWKINS. 11 Montgomery st
JOHN PFORR. 328 MONTGOMERY ST.. OPP.
Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
$16,500— Ren: $128; Post St., near Devisadero;
large lot with 7 houses.
910.000— Lot 43x137:6 feet: Mission St., near
12th; vv th old Improvements; very cheap.
$10,250— O'Farrell at., near Taylor; substantial
2-story, bay-window; bet stores ; lot 25x90; must
be sold. BT**lf
$6200— Business property; fine 3-story bay-win-
dow house, store, and 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms
upstairs: on Geary st . near Stelner: rent $47 60.
$32,000— Eddy st, near Mason; store and lodg-
ing: 28x137:6: rent $160.
$31,760— Downtown business property; rent
$160.
$37,000— Business property; stores and flats;
paying $300 per month.
DWELLINGS.
$4500— 3-flat bay-window house, 1 block from
Market st.; lot 25x110: rent $55.
$4500— Castro st., near 16th: 2-story modern
built 8-room hous?: lot 25x100.
$6500— Rent $80: 2 double flats on Geary st, in-
side of Baker: lot 28x125.
$1300— House and lot on De Long aye., 2 blocks
south of Panhandle, Park: 25x80; a bargain.
$7500— Fine modern residence on Pagest, nesr
entrance to Panhandle, park; lot 27x137:6.
$8500-Two 2-story double flats, 2% blocks N.
of Market st and large lot; rent $70; good Invest-
ment
$6500— Nob Hill residence; modern built and
arranged; half block from Hopkins Art Institute.
$10,0.0— Sixth St.: substantial 3-story house;
12 rooms: bath; brick loundation; lot 26x160.
$3000-Seventh st, near Brannan; lot 25x76,
with improvements: renting at $30.
UNIMPROVED.
$1500— Corner 23d sve. and Ast; 53:4x100.
' $3100— Fine corner lot on Fillmore st
SBoo— st. near Thlrtleih; lot 36 :6x75.
PAYING RENT IS LIKE THROWING
money away: buying a home with the same
money In monthly Installments is better than
putting the money in the bank.
We have Just completed a 5-room cottage for A.,
which he will have all paid for in 8 years, with
the same money B. Is paying for rent. R's rent
money will be gone, never to come back; A. will
have a home. I
This cottage has all modern Improvements, hot
and cold water aid porcelain baths, 2 mantels,
tiling around sinks, etc. The Heyman Tract Is
convenient to ail car lines, the Castro-st. cars
being 2 blocks away and the 2_!d-st. electric cars
only 1 block; a good locality for chil tren; no
drifting sands. Go out and see this model home,
bought with monthly payments, same as rent.
Take 22d-st car to Douglas st, walk 1 block to
23d st., ask for JAMES A. COTTER, who will show
it to you. JACOB HEYMAN, Owner, •
11 Montgomery st
LOOK AT THIS - OPPORTUNITY FOR A
HOME.
$75 down and $12 50 monthly will buy a new l
4-room and bath cottage: brick foundation; large
basement; level lot; convenient to electrio car
line. JACOB HEYMAN, owner,
11 Montgomery st.
■J_-.".nr_ FILBERT ST., E. OF JONES; LOT
-uDOJUU. 27:6x136:6, with 2-story bay-win-
dow house of 2 flne flats of 6 and 5 rooms and
bath; brick foundation; very desirable and cheap.
$5750— Leavenworth st, near Union: 3 fine
fiats of 6 rooms and bath each: rents $52; con-
crete foundation and sidewalk; street accepted;
psvs good income.
$850 cash— Laguna st, near Pine; whole price
$2600; flue building lot; street accepted: stone
sidewalk; the cheapest lot in town. ROBERT J.
MERCER & SON, 410 Pine St. ',' J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY IT, 1897.
CITY REAL ESTATE. *
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
LEADING REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
ffiin KAH CHOICE BUSINESS PROP-
iCIIO. OUU. erty: Taylor st., near Eddy; lot
25x90; 2 good flats: 6 and 7 rooms ana bath; a
good buy; rent $BU. _____ _ V
<_!.._.<... AN OFFER WANTED; GOOD 2-
<JpOUUU. story bay-window residence; 9 rooms
and bath, etc.; all modern Improvements; Oak
St., near Pierce; lot 24x120.
NEW RICHMOND COTTAGE.
ffiOCnn NICE NEW 6-ROOM BAY-WIN-
tJP_-OUU. dow cotiage; high basement and
bathroom: lot 25x120; one-half cash; 4th aye,
near Clement st
BIG INTEREST.
_>___. A A COIL 25TH AND SHOTWELL
.Sp'iuUU. B ts.; 3-story building containing
store and 4 rooms and bath; . also 2 flats above of
5 and 6 rooms and bath each; all rented; total
rent $52 50.
A BARGAIN.
_r_7CCf-\ NEW FLATS: JUST FINISHED:
_Jp I OOU. sunny side of Page st ; contain 6 and
7 rooms, etc., each; rent $67 60.
FACTORY SITE.
©anfift GREAT BARGAIN; BRYANT-ST.
<pOUUU. corner, nr, sth; lot 75x75; 4-story
building, sultaole for factory purposes.
_*"l. AAA EDDY ST., NEAR . LEAVEN-
«Jn_A.UUU. worth; 3-story building; contain-
ing 11 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 26x87:6; rents $60.
<_» -7AAA GREATLY* REDUCED PRICE;
«IP__.UUU. Clipper St., nr. Sanchez; sunny cot-
tage: 5 rooms and bath: lot 25x114. .
<J_Q"._.r. 2-STORY, BAY-WINDOW RESI-
«Jp«")OUU. dence; 6 large rooms and bath; lot
25x137:6; Golden Gate aye., nr. Lott st
OPiA VALENCIA ST. BET. 19TH AND
tip i aUOVJ. 20th: lot 26x100, with 2-story resi-
dence; 9 rooms and bath.
CHEAP LOT.
'R'.nOO FILLMORE ST., NR HAVES; LOT
CBJ7AAA CLAY ST., BET. BUCHANAN AND
tjp I UUU. Webster; splendid 12 - room resi-
dence; bllllard-room, etc.; lot 27:6x103.
PROBATE SALE.
__97*.f_ CORNER LOT; 25x106:3: HAVES
<£)•— • OU. and Clayton sts.: lot adjoining on
Clayton, 106 :3; price $1900 only.
O-.0-I'.f. $500 CASH, BALANCE MONTH-
tiD O—OU. iy; 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
nr. Mission and 19th sts.; rent $25. .'.,'...':
d 8 (\f\f\ A HANDSOME 2-STORY RESI-
«_*"_.(>. UUU. dence on Clay st, nr. Gough; lot
55x130: a great bargain.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
\* ISSION COTTAGE-.. ~~
$2750— New cottage of 6 rooms and bath and
modern improvements; Dolores si., nr. 26th.
$.300— New cottage of 4 rooms and bath and
modern improvements; .Dolores st, nr. 26th.
. $3500— new corner house on 22d ana San-
chez sts. of 8 rooms and bath and modern Improve-
ments.
$1500— New cottage of 4 rooms and bath ana
modern improvements: $100 cash, balance $20 a
month; Edinburgh st, :ir. Persia aye.
Installment lots at $5 a month; street graded,
sewered and macadamized.
BALDWIN <__ HOWELL.
.0 Montgomery st
Or E. M. LONG, 3207 2'-'d St.
OST SUCCESSFUL SALE
OF LOTS IN YEARS.
See at ouce the lots remaining unsold in the
blocks bounded by stanyan, Frederick. Cole,
Shrader and Beulah streets.
PRICE $1300 AND UPWARD.
YOUK OWN TERMS.
Street work done: all lots large and level; re-
member, this property faces the i'ark, is near the
Affiliated Colleges and his unequaled car facili-
lies can you find any other lots for $L.OJ as de- ■
sirable or with as good prospects for an advance in |
value? BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st |
_____________________ .
ANY ARE SAVING MONEY
AND ARE BECOMING INDEPENDENT. |
ARE YOU?
Take a pleasant ride on the cars to-day and see j
the Castro-street Additiou; note the many build- i
ings In course of erection; see how others are ob-
taining their own homes: nearly 160 lots have been ;
sold; prices, $350 to $400; terms, $5 monthly ; ]
streets graded, sewered and macadamized.
lake Mission or Valencia st. cars; transfer at j
Fourteenth st. to electric road; transfer again at j
Thirtieth st. and ride 5 minutes to the corner of
Castro and Chenery sts.; agent on the ground Sue !
days, tall at our office, or on E. M. LONG, 3207
Twenty-second St., cor. Mission.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
hi HE PROBLEM SOLVED. "
PROFITABLE FABMINO.
CHEAP TRANSPORTATION.
ONLY 20 MILES FROM STOCKTON.
HEALTHFUL CLIMATE. ..
DELIGHTFUL HOMES.
GOOD CROPS, WITH OR WITHOUT IRRI-
GATION.
3()f\ ACRES ON SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY
-A' Railroad, near Escalon. San Joaquin
County, Cal.; under stanislauj canal; level and
fertile; suitable to alfalfa, sugar beets, grain, fruit
(including oranges), vegetables, etc.
PRICE ONLY $40 PER ACRE.
FOR A COLONY,
TO UTILIZE THIS SEASON.
Persons desiring to loin one, by buyiug for cash
or in exchange for city property, should apply at
once, and
For further particulars address
• McA FEE BROS.,
Real Estate Brokersand Financial Agents,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
"DARGAIN.
$2050— bay-window co'tagejof 5 rooms and
bath; original cost $2760; this Is a snap; choice
location in the Mission; terms very easy. Apply
to KING A McNALIY, 630 Market st
<__C/-\n CASH: 2-STORY HOMES; 7 ROOMS;
-JpOUU bath; gas; hand frescoed; $3600; easy
erms; open daily. Sunny side of Geary st. near
Cook.
\\TANTED-TO BUY A NICE COTTAGE
• ' from $1500 to $2500, near car line; no agents.
Address Q. s., box 45, Call office.
T WANT TO BUY A SIGHTLY BUILDING
X lot at Sausalito. S., box 42, Call Office.
ISSION COTTAGES,
$1850, $2100.
ONLY $300 CASH.
On Vermont st, near 24th, 2 blocks east from
terminus of Howard-st cars at 24th and Potrero
aye.; 4 and 6 rooms each, with baths, basements,
tiled sinks, woo mantels,' stone sidewalks, etc.;
street work done; terms to suit; 16 cottages sold
in ssme block by F. NELSON, builder, 4144
Twenty-fifth st, near Castro.
■7 ROOMS- - NEW; JUST FINISHED; EASY •
• terms: see It to-day; 35 Joost aye.; close to
cars: Suuivside Tract THE MCCARTHY COM-
PANY, 646 Market st.
"VfEW HOUSE; ONLY ONE LEFT; 2849 FILL-
J., more St.: will cell cbeap; built by day's work:
furnace heat: unobstructed marine view; good
Investment; house open.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS
LOW PRICES, GREAT BARGAINS.
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF OUR JUDICIOUS
purchases, get a lot cheaper than you ever will
again. :
(©IAA $150 TO $1.00: BUILDING LOTS:
VJVJ. no grading; near Misslon-st and San
Mateo electric car lines; only $5 monthly.
Set $100, $150 TO $800; CHOICEST LOTS
10. south of the park; near Affiliated Col-
leges, new music stand and boulevard; only $5
and $10 monthly installments.
_.>'.<. to $1100; RICHMOND lots; WE
igiiOiJ can positively suit you In location, price
and terms.
Call on us first before purchasing; get map and
diagrams. .■;-.-
SOL. GETZ A BROTHER,
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
BEAUT: NEW SMALL HOME, EASY
terms.inFRUITVALETERMINALTRACT;
we have others. THE MCCARTHY COMPANY,
646 Market st, S. F.
CC. BEMIB,
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building on Army snd 27th sts.; close
to electric road.
$450— Han Carlos Villa lot; 100x160 feet
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st. overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. .
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park: 26x137:6 feet; electric roaa passes houses;
make offer.
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C st: 109x95 ft
CL* Pi AH SMALL ROUGH COTTAGE 4 ROOMS
i&OvjvJ. in Berkeley; lot 34x100_ $50 down, $10
monthly. CHAS. A. BAILEY", 20 Montgomery.
COX SALE ON* EASY. TERMS-MODERN
JT houses on Masonic ava. and Waller st: houses
contain salon parlors, dining-room, billiard-room
and 6 large bedrooms, bath, kitchen and laundry;
rooms beautifully decorated; sun ln every room;
see them to-day. Take fialght or Ellis street car,
tei off at Masonic aye.: owner on premises.
m» if\f\f\ FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE. . ..
_P^IUUU. New cottage on 23d aye.. East Oak-
land; 6 rooms and , bath:* high basement; brick
foundation; bay windows; lot 62x160.
V r : , G. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
• " 14 Montgomery st
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 8. CENTS — THIS
WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
'_«;.* CITY REAE ESTATE,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A Co.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO. .. _• :
-"-.■-«■_-■-- 638 MARKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
LIST OF INVESTMENTS.
SUBSTANTIAL PROPERTIES.
PAYING GOOD INCOMES. , ; ... .; . J -,* \
■__ 1 Q f\f\(. ELLIS ST., NR. LAGUNa; 3
«*]p 1 O.VJVJVJ. fine flats of 7, 9 and 10 rooms and
bath; pays $1200 pet annum net; lot -6x120 feet
to rear s.reet; mor.gage of $6500 can remain. *".:
Qrtrtrt CALIFORNIA ST., nr DEVISA-
€a UvJvJvj. Aero; two flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath: in flne condition; elegant location: sunny
side; lot 27:4x132:6 feet; street accepted; mort-
gage of $4000 can remain. - . ... .-_:.-
___.7._n BELVEDERE ST., NR, FRED-
ypv) i OvJ. crick: two new flats of 6 and 8 rooms
and bath; all modern improvements; grand view
of the park; lot 25x121 :10 feet.
0>(*l en NEAR ASHBURY AND FRED-
nPWIOU. crick sts.; two handsome flats of 5
and 6 rooms and bath: only 2 years old; sunny
side of street: lot 25x116:6 feet
__M9rtrt NEAR GEARY AND JONES
_?. liiVJvJ. 4 tenements; pays $40 per month;
within 87 feet of Geary st; good speculation.
MODERN RESIDENCES
AT BARGAIN PRICES.
ALL PARTS OF THE CITY. ;-.._.*'
__1 P. rtrtrt RKDCCED FOR IMMEPIATE
•TO J- O.UUU. sale: elegant residence ln the
Western Addition of 12 spacious rooms, bath and
basement, stable, etc. ; lot 47:6x137:6 feet; cost
over $26,000.
-_.il Pirtrt GOLDEN GATE AYE RESI-
11. OvJvJ. dence of 10 rooms and bath, bil-
liard-room and all modern improvements; lot 25x
137:6 feet.
•Bi 1 n rtrtrt FOST ST., NEAR VAN NESS
<Jp IU.UUU. aye.; flne house of rooms, bath,
basement, laundry, etc.; lot 27:6x120 feet; street
work all done.
■SUA Pi Art ELEGANT CORNER RESI-
Ovjvj. denoe on Page st, close to Golden
Gate Park: 9 large rooms, bath and basement;
thoroughly renovated throughout and In first-class
condition; lot 30x106:3 feet; easy terms If de-
sired. '
__/. Pirtrt NEAR FELL AND ASHBURY
«TpU.OUU. st-*. house 7 rooms, bath and base-
ment; lot '-6x103 feet; property in this vicinity is
rapidly improving in value.
LISTS OF LOTS
FOR BUILDING OR SPECULATION
AT LOW PRICES.
$2500— Must bo sold: 24th st, near Folsom;
37:6x100: a bargain,
$2400— Fulton st, near Baker; 25x137:6; street
work all done.
$2000— Clayton st, near Page; 25x106*
$2000— Green si., near Pierce; 25x100; mort-
gage of $1000 can remain.
$18-5 -oolden Gate aye, near Baker; 25x137:6.
»1800— Douglass St., nr. 23d; 50x100; will sub-
divide.
$1600— Corner on China aye., one block from
Mission road: 76x100.
$1000 each— San Jose aye., near 29th st. ; 5 lots
read for building.
$800— NE. cor. Silver aye. and Craut St.; 60x
107: Colleen Homestead.
$500— X "st, near llihave.: 25x120.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fc CO.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.
638 MARKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
638 MA 't KET ST.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
GH. UMBSEN A CO.
. DAVID BUSH, Manager Country Dep't
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
<JT» 1 r PER ACRE FOR A FINE GRAIN AND
__"*■ 1 O dairy ranch of 640 acres 10 miles from
Sacramento, with fine Improvements: a profitable
Income place.
C:*' Pirtrt FOR 28 ACRES NEAR LIVER-
<JpOOUU more; 14 acres in bearing orchard; all
the stock and to -Is go with the place.
__ A Pi AA FOR Al5-..CREFRUNEORCHARD
o"i«Jc'C/ near Los Gaios.
<HA Pirtrt FOX 2! - ACKES NEAR SANTA
tJp'rOUU Rosa; good be. ring prune orchard and
vineyard: fine imprjvements and stock and tools;
will exenauae.
(J. 1 .JAA FOR 160 ACRES NEAR GUERNE-
«J**"i I —CM i ville, Sonoma County.
J EXCHANGE— I 7 ACRES JUST OUTSIDE
Jli the town limits of wards; all out in prunes
and apnea ; fine improvements, and a profitable
income place.
> OR RENT, HALE OR EXCHANGE: FINE
i" stock, train, dairy and ho; ran of 620 acies
at Bay Point station, Contra Costa County; also
one of
7 AA ACRES NEAR MARTINEZ: HALF
I WW grain and half marsh laud; fronting the
bay: also one of 1500 acres a: La Honda, Ban
Mateo Couuty: also one of 1400 acres near Biggs,
Butte County. •
<_.!•> A/1 11 75 ACRES VERY CHOICE SO-
«3pl — .WW I ', noma County valley land; 3i,_
milei south of Santa Rosa: house 10 room*i, fur-
nlihed: large. _barn and nuthouses! 16 acres orch-
ard ; complete lot farming implements. .< horses, 2
cows, 250 chickens 30 hoes: on main county road;
wil se.l or exchange for flrst-class cl y Improved
property.
QArtrt aO2 ACRES VERY CHOICE LAND
tiJOUUU. near Watsonville, San a Cruz Co.;
house 5 rooms, good barn; 15 acres orchard, 10
acres vineyard: fine water: also large reservoir
stocked with fish: horses, cows, chickens, farming
Implements, wagons, all complete; cheap and easy
terms. v .':'*':.■"' _.
©QPirtrt 15 31-100 IN THE SANTA CLARA
COOUU. Valley: only about 200 yards from
station: 2-story house 10 rooms; flne barn: all In
orchard, and full bearing: will sell on easy terms
or exchange for city property; no Incumbrances.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st. Mills building.
Ci 99 DESIRABLE HOME OF 16 ACRES
0 --uW . flne land; Napa City: all under cul-
tivation; orchard and grain; good Improvements;
stock, tools, etc Included.
S9rtrtrt 80 ACRES OF CHOICE SANDY
i.VJv)VJ. loam, near Watsonville.
f __9'.nn 25 ACRES NEAR WATSON-
«3p__jOUU. vllle: 15 In orchard: splendid place.
I. C. BCHARFF, 20 Montgomery st.
1 OT 60x108 FT., 4 ROOMS, BARN, WELL,
.1 1 $600, chickens and ducks are the best money-
makers on this tract: lot 225x265 ft, 6o fruit
trees, 4-room house, furnished, barn, well, tank,
horsepower, poultry-sheds, only $1200, terms
$250 cash, balance $10 per month, 7 per cent In-
terest: also .")'/_> acres adjoining above for $900 or
mortgage on san Francisco property. Address
The Owner, box 172, Gilroy.
ARGAIN— 26 ACRES CHOICE FRUIT,
hay, grain, winter vegetables, $26 per acre;
83 acres rich soil, 4 flowing springs, $: 6 per acre;
18 acres, running water all the year soil very pro-
ductive, all fenced, $40 per acre, near I'leasamon,
Alameda County. Call or write, 67 Chronicle
building. ■ ■ *
STATE YOUR CASE TO M. M. GRIFFIN,
Cottonwood, Cal ; from 1 to 4700 acres; see
this chicken ranch, $1160: 10 acres level orchard
or grain land, fenced with wire nettlmr, well, new
house 4 rooms, $100 down and easy payments.
LINE 37-AC'RJ- FARM — 6 MILES FROM
JT Santa Rosa; all fine level valley land; 19 acres
fine bearing vlueyard: 4 acres orchard; house and
barn: .1 mile from station; $3700. J.T.PETERS,
Mills building.
_n.f_. AN ACRE FOR 800 ACRES CHOICE
«JpO redwood land on Navarro River, Mendocino
County; on proposed railroad; great bargain. Ad-
dress 8., box 114, Call. •
■WANTED —IN EXCHANGE FOR CITY
»» lodging-house clearing $200, Improved coun-
try property; will pay part cash. SPECK A CO.,
612 Market st.
CL'CAA 104 ACRES VERY GOOD FRUIT
tJIOUU. or grain laud near railroad; bargain;
must sell. Address F. H. W., 1109 Van Ness sve.
COR BENT— HOUSE AND FEW ACRES OF
J 1 land suitable for nursery. Address E. MAGEE,
X ll brae, Cal., San Mateo County.
1 HAVE LAND IN TUOLUMNE AND MARI-
A posa counties that will pay a mining man to In-
vestigate. T. M., box 110. Call. t
Pi A A ACRES; 100 ACRES BOTTOM LAND;
OUU running water: exchange for anything; no
reasouab c offer refused. Address C., box 4, Call
Office, Oakland. ' -
VV' ANTED— BUY A SMALL ORCHARD,
it with house and barn; no agents. Address C.
P., box 46, Call Office. ,_.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
Hon. B. D. Murphy's subdivision of the great
Murphy Homestead, near Mountain View; this Is
without doubt the finest property being offered ln
the state; situate on main line of railroad; 40
ml!e» south of san Francisco; 5 miles to Stanford
University; 8 miles to San Jose; 16 passenger
trains daily: soil deep sandy sediment; all cov-
ered with magnificent llveoaks; there are now
many flne young orchards growing on the ranch;
tt cannot be ; excelled for prunes, peaches, apri-
cots or cherries. For full particulars as to terms
and prices write GROSSMAN & ORVIS, Sole
Agents, 42 East santa Clara st, San Jose.
ITOR RENT-29-ACRE FRUIT ORCHARD IN
P Placer County; 2000 peach trees; 300 pear:
1600 grapevines: a good chance for proper per-
son. L. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery st'"?, :
© Q..AA 4 ACRES; NICELY IMPROVED:
»jj*.__.OUU. inside city limits. GEORGE C.
YOUNG, Petaiuma.
1 ELEGANT VINEYARD; WOULD EX-
J change; rare bargain. Room 70, Columbian
building. ■".
—QA AAA 1000 ACRES RICH VALLEY
-"jpOU.UUU. land In best bay county, at sta-
tion, with grain warehouse"; 600 acres sowed to
wheat; easy terms. W. D. HOLCOM & CO., 512
California st. . '
RANCH BARGAIN: $5 PER ACRE; 1280
acres timber: plenty water; excellent stock
ranch; best part of Kern Co. 8., box 20, Call Office.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET OF
California Unas for sale oy H. FRANCIS,
rooms 69-71 Chronicle building, San Francisco, Cal.
I TITLE :■ HOMES, CLOSE To TO WIN ; liL
J J proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on (land 10 years' credit D. H. twin g, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market st. ,8. F. ..-.-••■
HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
WEEKLY CALL, sent, to any address In the
United .states or Canada one year for 91 50, post-
age free. j
! OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I AM AUTHORIZED TO SELL THE FOL-
lowlng property, taken under foreclosure of
mortgage, at cost of foreclosure:
No. I— Cottage; 6 rooms, bath; No. 1 condition;
newly papered and palmed; 1 block to local sta-
tion and electric-cars; price $1500; $200 to $400
cash, balance to suit.
No 2— A well-built house. 6 rooms; bath; large
lot; 3 blocks to local station; 1 block to car lines;
street work all done; will soon be business prop-
erty: stores now located in same block; prlcj
$2500: $400 cash.
No. B— House 8 rooms; bath; barn: lot 60x115;
sunny expo tore; very convenient to business;
neighborhood first class; lot alone worth price
asked tor property; street work complete; price
$2600. J. S. MYERS,
_! 002 Broadway, Oakland.
1 OAA MUST BE SOLD; MODERN COT-
-1 OVJVJ. tage of 5 rooms aud bath; fine man-
tel: 7-foot basement; lot 60x146; fenced; only 1
block from Fruitvaie aye; terms If desired. H. A.
PLEITNER, Fruitvaie station.
__'-.•. A CASH. BALANCE $26 65 A MONTH—
■tJpOOU fine home: cost $4100: price $2360.
Address WILLIAM P. TODD, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
CUK RENT— AN ELEGANT STORE. WITH
P living rooms in rear, on Eruitvale aye., near
station; suitable for dry goods, gentlemen's fur-
nishing goods, grocerie-, bakery, delicacies, dress-
maker's parlor or bicycle renting ana repairing
shop; surrounding beautiful roads are greatly
patronized by bicyclers from San Francisco, Oak-
land ana vicinity. For further information apply
to H. A. PLEITNER , FruLvale station.
WANTED— RANCHES TO EXCHANGE FOR
" Oakland property. Apply to P. W. ANDER-
SON, 28 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
<J_ A A 160 ACRES, WELL IMPRoVEL'
<IpOOUU. in Alameda County; all dear; will
exchange for Oakland property. A. M. SPECK A
CO., 602 Market st.
fI»CAA|| RANCH OF 600 ACRES TO TRADE
•"pOUUI*. for city property, lodging-house,
livery stable or other property; 150 acres bottom
laud in grain, balance bill. 6 acres peaches, house,
barn, etc.; mortgage $2000, at 8 per cent; former
price $9000. aLDEN A CO., 902 Broadway.
Oakland. ■._>. .'• ~ j*-*
V* EAT COTTAGE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
A. i situated on Adeline st, near Fourteenth; pari
cash; price reduced to $1750. WM. J. DINGEE,
460 Eighth s' v , Oakland.
S'-^llOn A COMPLETELY FURNISHED
«Jl_'UU. cottage, 6 rooms, bath, 10-foot base-
ment; mill and tank; with lot 63x135; all street
work done, and very nicely located; one block to
station: owner going hast Apply early to
ALDEN & CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
*"" •*. TO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
.Jy i O lots In the town of Fltchburg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Haywards
and San I-eaudro local line, by tho Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland; electric-cars every
ew minutes; terms to suit buyers. Apply to
C M RUNKLE, owner, Ul&Va Washington St.,
Oakland. Cal.
OR SALE— OYSTER AND TAMALE GROT-
I^OR SALE— OYSTER A.NDTAMALE Gi'.OT-
to, cbeap. 847 Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAIN— IO PER CENT NET ON
money; 2 blocks to local; 2 houses; $2000
cash; rent for $28 per month: must sell. Address
WM. P. TODD, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
14JJ "I *.f\ LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
x. OvJ. Fruitvaie; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week ; selling fast: pood improvements.
H. B. PIN NEY .owner, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
PROPER-TIC lo EXCHANGE.
©"fIAA NE VV AND HANDSOME MODERN*
<J"*)OUUU. bouse; 8 rooms and bath; ona fine
corner, near Broadway, Oakland: mortgage of
2500 can remain; exchange on farm or vacant
lot in city or Berkeley, or sell at a sacrifice. Ad-
dress IS., box 114, Call Office.
"LOR EXCHANGE — RESIDENCE OF 11
P rooms in Oakland, Incumbered, lor unimproved
level or hill land. Address N. li., 454 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
LOR SALE oR TRADE FOP. CALIFORNIA
P property— 2B acres rich bottomland near Knox,
Starke Co., Ind. MRS. YE ARNBH AW. Termiu-
os, Cal.
OI N D FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
_> for sale. WOOSTEH <_ WHIT TON*, San Josa.
PROPERTY WANTED.
l\r ANTED-40 ACRES UNIMPROVED LAND
' i for poultry. Address A. C. box 70, Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY RESPECTABLE AND PRIVATE
place to obtain the most liberal advances on
diamonds and jewelry at the very lowest rates.
Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market
<__'_A__ Af.__ *AT«"*_~PER CENT ON CITY
•_ • '""• ' ' VJ real estate; also Oakland, estates,
life insurance, second mortgages, any sum. Man-
hattan Loan Co., 10 Mills building, ground floor.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D;OR 3D MORTGAGES,
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal
MoCOLGAN. 24' Montgomery st, room 3.
,£• Q. k AAA ON FIRST AND SECOND MORT-
tJpOU.UUU gages; city and country orfurnl-
nitnre. R. P. QUINN, 63 Chronicle building.
WISE AND SAVE INTEREST - MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rata Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. Pledges for sale cheap.
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
no removal; no delays: no commissions; low
interest. Rm. 68, Donohue bidg, 1170 Market st.
"ftt '."/>•_ ____n AT BANK RATES: IST AND
«JpO__O.UUU 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc;
lend as low as $50. H. MURPHY, 628 Market si.
HY PAY HIGH INT. ON SMALL LOANS?
We loan at 65c interest per mo. on each $100
on 2d mortgage: any security. Gold, box 4, CalL
N FURNITURE; VERY LOW INTEREST;
no commission. SCRIBNER, 7 City Hall aye.
KIV'AIE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
security:low interest H.D., box 160, Ca1l Office.
ONEY TO LOAN ON REAL ESTATE: ANY
amount. WILLIAMS, 214 Pine st, room 3.
(Cj- f\ TO $60,000; LOWEST BATE; IST &2D
O'-'U mortgage: flat or Ins tl mnt- Dry den, 535 Cat.
DVAN'CES ON DIAMONDS JEW ELRY, ETC
Columbia Loan «fe Collateral Offlc?, 9 irant aye.
PAWNHKOKERS. '
DVANCES ONDIAMONDS,JEWELRY,*SIL"
verware.plan os ;lo w rates. Natl. Loan, 1 3 3Tay lor
IGHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST OFF
Clothins. Cosmopolitan loan Office, 49 Third.
FINANCIAL.
VU r ; 7-_r__C>X^
'» secur Apply this office.
HOUSE*. TO .' LET.
"I CA HOUSES; GREAT BARGAINS THIS
lOU week; finest list in city. UNDERWOOD
ifc CO., 765 MarKet st
roc GOLDEN GATE AYE., NEAR VAN
o£o Ness— Rent reduced from $55 to $45: fine
bay-window house; 9 rooms: suitable for a doctor.
1 n(\r\ AND 1707 son- 4 "a ND 6 BOOMS:
J lUO $11 and sl3; paiuted; renovated; cable
passes.
7 ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY, SUNNY
I side of Glen Park av.;' ln excellent repair and
very attractive; $:-)0. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye., off Twelfth st
OUSE 8 ROOMS: YARD; FINE VIEW.
Lombard st , rear Hyde; rent $16.
mjiWV 2814 LAGUNA: HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
tjp_-U. $16—1835 Union; corner; 4 rooms. -
$14—1833 Union; 4 rooms.
-nn CALIFORNIA ST., NEAR PIERCE— fI
OiiU rooms, bath; basement with laundry;
rent $30. : ' .
5 ROOMS; 633b SECOND ST.; $15 PER
month. . Key at 539 second st.
"7 ROOMS; 637b SECOND BT.; $17 PER
- month. Key at 539 Second st
c ROOMS: NEW HOUSE; MODERN IM-
-0 provements; 45 Federal St.; $15 per month to
desirable tenants. Key at 639 Second st
OUBES TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money st BALDWIN __. HAMMOND'S U
Montromerv st
FURNISHED HOUSES.
u .urn-shed "houseT OF 10 ROOMS and
1 bath for sale. 622 Sacramento st. : .
COTTAGES TO LET.
-JXt~ERIE~ ST.. ET. THIRT_-ENTfT__ND
XO I Fourteenth, nr. Folsom— Cottage; 6 rooms
and bath and stable for one horse and wagon. :
O LET— B-ROOM COTTAGE; YARD, ETC.
16 Lombard st, near Haight '
<g.-|c NICE COTTAGE 6 ROOMS; BATH:
tJpJ-O. sunny; yard; cellar. Key 711 Treat aye.
(m If\ FOUR ROOMS AT 225 FLOOD AYE.,
«Jp J U. Snnnyslde, or will sell, $60 cash, bai. $10
per month.' THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
miA COTTAGE: N. SIDE OF TWENTIETH
tjnlU. st, near Castro. . :... _
FURNISHED ; FEATS.
A ROOMS OF FLA_VNTC_-i]"Ff^
_: for housekeeping. 1023 Ellis st
ILAA'S AO LET.
iVAI nyA-_l'B_'oBT."rN_-!AB-__ABKJN_5B , INE
A _:_-U sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath, modern con-
veniences: marine view; rent $19, BALDWIN
<fc HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st. :. '.
_>»___ _»A CALIFORNIA, KEY 2818— SUNNY
auO—>VJ rooms and bsth; modern; rent $30. -
SUNNY FLAT NICELY FURNI9HED.~7O6
Van Ness aye. .. :. .. . ,"*•■": :'*, ' "-. -'■"•,";:*•_"/■■"■"-
-<_-7 UPPER FLAT, 6 ROOMS. API'LY 2643
«Jp . .' Bryant st, near Twenty-fifth.' <■■_ ■ ; i yv. ■■■■
IAQ *. SANCHEZ ST., NEAR TWENTY-
-IUOO fourth— 2 elegant 6-rbom flats with bath-
rooms: open for Inspection; low rent « ■-.'-.;
1 (1 1 Q EDDY ST.— 6 : ROOMS AND BATH;
J -.10 furniture for sale cheap.
FLATS TO LET- Continued. * _
LOWER FLAT, 4 ROOMS: BATH; LATEST
improvements. 78 Albion aye., bet Fifteenth
and Sixteenth sts. •
Cj IO FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 489
(Jp It). Sanchez st, cor Eighteenth.
'A. fill GROVE ST., NEAR _ GOUG H— SUNNY
OUU flat, 6 rooms and bath.
C~~ ONVENIENT 5-ROOM FLAT; BATH. COR-
ner Nineteenth and Hartford sts : Castro cars.
A SHOTWELL. NR FOURTEENTH— FLAT
Tt of 6 sunny rooms and bath; rent $16.
7A FOLSOM— IO SUNNY ROOMS; RENT
. U $22; water free. UMBSEN, 14 Montgom-
ery st
1 Q998 BUSH— NEW MODERN FLAT OF 8
.LO — — sunny rooms; all conveniences: rent
moderate. *"
I TIL AT: 6 ROOMS AND BATH; SUNNY BELT;
. $15 per month; 2 6 10 Vis Mission st. Apply 844
Capp st".
ODE RN 6-ROOM FLAT. 1617 GROVE ST.;
rent reasonable.'
£1 c McALLISTER-1 FLAT OF 7 ROOMS
UIO and bath: if 2s.
ANT GOOD TENANT; HALF MONTH
free: 4 rooms; rath; $10. 1063% Broadway.
ij AY-WINDOW SUNNY FURNISHED FLAT.
J> 630 Turk st.
HANDSOME SUNNY FLAT, 4 ROOMS; MOD-
ern improvements. 3630 Nineteenth st .
PPER Fj.AT; 4 ROOMS* BATH; MODERN
Improvements; on Twelfth st; $20.
Lower fiat; 5 rooms; bath; laundry; front and
rear yards for flowers; $22 50.
Four sunny ims and bath on Glen Park aye.;
second floor; $16. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park
aye., off Twelfth st ■■
GOOD TENANT— WE WANT YOU AND ARE
willing to allow you inducements to get you;
call for list. A. M. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st
"VTEW SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS; 3176
1 . 26th, cor.Folsom. J.A.ULRICH.4I Crocker bl.
LOWER FLATS: 4 AND 6 ROOMS; BATH:
yarn. 10 Shotwell St., near Fourteenth; $14
and $15. •*.".'; : : . -• ,:-"-'« ■
9f_l A 1 SUTTER — NICE SUNNY UPPER
-jUI_C2 flat; newly papered; yard; $15.
a 99 AND 624 HAIGHT ST.— 2 FLATS OF 6
—_■ and 7 rooms, with bath; cheap rent to good
tenant. Apply to 1838 Ellis st.
PPER FLAT. 5 ROOMS. BATH: FINE
view. Apply 1325 Washington st, nr. Jones.
9 "NICE FLATS: 4 GOOD ROOMS EACH;
— cheap rent. 624 Sixth st, near Bryant '
_»1 r GEARY — 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS.
—It) suitable for business Key 217 Geary st
-A- FELL — 2 FLATS, 4 ROOMS EACH;
OvJO bath, large basement and yards; $16
and $16. '■
149 FULTON— EXIRA FINE NEW UPPER
1 "iii flat 7 rooms; oath; $35.
(2j I q AND $20: modern FLATS, 5 and 6
_p I O rooms. 94 and 96 Belcher st, near S. end
Fillmore. _^
-ROOM FLAT; FEDERAL PLACE, OFF FED-
eral st.; to a tenant without children; $10 per
month. Key at 639 Second st • .-■
(JJ» 1 .< LOVELY SUNNY FLAT 6 ROOMS
_pl _. bath and gas. 3928 Nineteenth st, bet
Noe and Sanchez.
9q PROSPER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH. HALF
i.O block] from Market— Lovely sunny upper
modern 5-room flat: rent $15; water free.
/ CHEAP MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6
__. rooms, $8 to $16; see them. 623 a Seventh st.
LA IS TO RENT FOR . VERY LITTLE
P money at BALDWIN A HAMMONDS, 10
ontp-oniprv st. '■ -
A-OLsA-HRIiPLNC. ROOMS.
Huchanan Street.
/_> A 9 BUCHANAN, COR. SUNNY FUR-
VJvJaU nisbed bay-window hall bedroom and
kitchen, $18. : • ■ ■
Clay Street. *:l"--i-
-1 nqr CLAY — SUNNY FRONT ROOMS:
1 UOO closets, bath; convenient; furnished or
unfurnished ; low rent; single lurnished room, $5.
A mil Street.
qi A FIFTH — SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
Olri dow room: kitchen; bath; no children; $12.
Fifteenth Street.
1 fii A FIFTEENTH— I SUITE HOUSEKEEP-
-1 OIU Ing rooms; also single rooms; bath; gas;
sun.
Fourteenth Street.
190 B FOURTEENTH— 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
-1 ii<) nished housekeeping rooms; bath.
Fulton Street.
1 A FULTON— TWO SUNNY CONNECTING
10 rooms, furnished for housekeeping; bath; gas.
I 1 fi FULTON— LARGE LIGHT HOUSE-
I I v) keeping room cheap.
1I /• FULTON — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
11 U room; good for housekeeping; complete.
Hayes Street.
17A0 HAVES— 2 FURNISHED SUNNY
1 I "Tc" connecting rooms: every convenience;
block from park.
noward Street.
1 i 9QI HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT SUITE;
l_l__-o_s nicely furnished for housakeeping;
bath, etc. ; 812.
I nn A HOWARD— ELEGANT, FURNISHED
II It rooms for light housekeeping.
_}de Street. .._'. _;__.', _
9qA HYDE— NICE BACK PARLOR; COM-
itOVJ plete for housekeeping; rent $10.
Lea ~enwor_*a street.
1 m O LEAVENWORTH— I MEDIUM-SIZED
IUI O sunny unfurnished room: rent $5.
Jessie street.
q7q JESSIE-2 ROOMS COMPLETELY FUR-
-010 nished for housekeeping; only $9.
/•91 1 JESSIE, NEAR SEVENTH— 4 ROOMS;
VJiiX'i rent $9.
/_»-A JESSIE -r'- NICE FLOORS OF 3 ROOMS
UOU each; unfurnished: rent $11 and $12 each.
..' Larkin Mrs...
A9 Q LARKIN— SUNN Y:FURNIBHED ROOMS
T— U complete for housekeeping; terms mod.
ii ones street.
9n*.<. JONES, COR. FILBERT-3 OR 4 BUN-
auvJOvj ny unfurnished rooms; conveniences;
. very cheap.
'-._«... McAllister Street. .
A 99 MCALLISTER ST. — HOUSEKEEPING
_.—./. rooms; also front room.
Minna Street. -
rq^f MINNA— NICE SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
00 J suitable for 2 gentlemen or man and wife;
for light housekeeping. ' ..
Mission Street.
1 K9n MISSION— 2 OR 3 HOUSEKEEPING
lO^iU rooms: sunny.
Montgomery Street.
97 MONTGOMERY, COR. CLAY — OPEN
Oil . until 9:3" o'clock; branch office of The
Call: subscription*) and want ads taken.
• Ninth Street.
91 NINTH-FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOM,
i.X also front sunny suite; running water.
. Oak Street.
nr OAK— SINGLE AND DOUBLE «FUR-
i nished room: use of kitchen and batb.
. . Post Street. . .
71 fr POST (UPSTAIRS)— 2 FRONT ROOMS
I XO furnished: reasonable; permanent parties.
Buss Street. •''*'_
mRUSS ST., OFF HOWARD, NR. SIXTH—
11 D 2or 3 furnished rooms, housekeeping.
Taylor Street. . '/,-'.-
9qQ TAYLOR— WILL RENT 2NICE:ROOMS;
i>OVj basement: suitable for light business.
;■; . 'xuxra sties- *. .•■•.': ..■.; -'.
IAQ THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
.1 tO rooms; complete; first floor: bath; gas.
THIRD— LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM,
ZUOfurnishrd for housekeeping, and single.
Cl A THIRD. COR. SOUTH PARK-FUR-
-010 nisbed housekeeping rooms.
Twelfth Street.
1 Afi TWELFTH-LARGE AND WELL-FUR-
I HU nished housekeeping rooms; recently ren-
ovated^^ ■ . . '•
Van Ness Avenue.
9q9 VAN NESS— NEWLY FURNISHED
i.Oiu housekeeping rooms in suites of 2 or 3, with
separate kitchen and gas racge. ' ■
ci Q VAN NESS AYE.— SUITE COMPLETE
010 for housekeeping . (unfurnished), parlor
floor: sl»o single. : ■■■■*.
ROOMS . TO .LEX..
.. Buchanan Street.
YJAQ BUCHANAN — SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
v)\Ji. and kitchen, $13 60; 3 rooms, $18.
Clementina xtreet.
39 CLEMENTINA, BET. FIRST AND SEC-
Oi. ond— s unfurnished rooms to let.
Eddy Street.
3 EDDY ST.— NICELY FURNISHED SINGLE
front room. $1 50 a week.
AAT EDDY— COMFORTABLE ROOM; GAS;
OVJ (bath: low rent: private family. .
.11 _> EDDY— ROOM A..D BOARD FOR
_!_: $iB.
9/1 EDDY — ELEGANI' • NEWLY :tV&-
.riijrk nished sonny room; central location.
1 1 qA EDDY. OPP. JEFFERSON SQUARE—
1 1 OU Elegantly furnished large bay-window
rooms; references required.
BOOMS TO LET- Continue*.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
O st, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Ellis Street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — INCANDEB-
-cent lights ln every room; reading-room, con-
taining- dally papers: "smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; open all night; rooms per night, 35c to
$1 60: week, $2 to $8: month, $8 to $30; fire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready -.hot and cold water in each room; baths.
HE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS, MRS. KATE 8.
HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newlyfurnished: elevator; hot A cold water.
/I9q ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED PAR-
' *T_JO lors and other sunny single rooms; cheap.
AQ ELLIS — FURNISHED ROOM, SUIT-
OVJO able for 2; rent $6. ,
cqQ ELLIS— LARGE FRONT ROOM. WELL
000 furnished; gas, bath; $10; private family.
79 I ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY ROOM IN PRI-
-1 iJX vate family, suitable for 1 or 2; rent $7.
_;;.■. xii Hi Street.
m FIFTH-PLEASANT UNFURNISHED
rooms to let
1 A(l FIFTH— CARNARVON CASTLE: NICE-
AUOIy furnishea rooms by. day or week; from
$1 25 up per week.
* Fifteenth Street.
"j *^9Q FIFTEENTH— 2 NICE BUNNY FUR-
A OiiU nished rooms for light housekeeping. In-
qolre grocery store, 1858 Howard st
Folsom Street.
COA FOLSOM, NR. FOURTH— FUR-
_*___>■ nished rooms: $1 per week. .
QC7I FOLSOM-WELL-FURNISHED SUN-
U O I 2 ny front rooms for $1 SO per week.
1 CCA E OLSOM, COR, TWELFTH - FOUR
A OOVJ unfurnished rooms, with bath.
Fourth Street.
n~\ (ix\ FOURTH — NEW L V FURNIBHED
UJ-U sonny rooms, with grate; new building,
franklin Street.
A 1 C FRANKLIN— UNFURNISHED
tcAO front room.
deary Street.
1 1 -9ni GEARY— SUNNY' SUITES; GOOD FOR
> 1 i.vJ<* office.
qq9 GEARY ST.— LARGE SUNNY" FRONT
OOii room.
49ft GEARY— LARGE SUNNY FRONT AL-
rtHiVJ cove suite; also single room; running water.
AQQ GEARY— SINGLE SUNNY ROOM FOR
ttOO gentleman: rent reasonable.
OA9 GEARY, COR. HYDE— ALCOVE
OvJii room; newiy furnished.
tiolueu -Gate Avenue.
91 Q GOLDENGATE AYE. -SUNNY DOUBLE
aUXU and single rooms; reasonable.
qqf' GOLDENGATE— SMALLSUNNY HALL
OOU bedroom, suitable for gentleman; $5.
OAO GOLDEN GATE ALCOVE AND
OvJO kitchen for housekeeping; other rooms.
1 OOA GOLDEN GATE— sUNNY ROOMS;
I^-OU finely furnished; terms reasonable.
drove Street.
90 GROVE — ONE OR TWO NEWLY FUR-
— O nished snnny front rooms; grate and bath;
private family. . .-. . .'■:.:
Hawthorne Street.
9A' HAWTHORNE, BET. HOWARD AND
_-U Folsom. Second and Third— Nicely furnished
sunny room; $5.
Howard Street.
/_>9q HOWARD— DOUBLE AND SINGLE;
U__o well furnished; rent reduced. '.■■ •
C-'Q-J HOWARD — LARGE FRONT AND
VJO I other rooms; furnished, with stove: cheap.
79A HOWARD-NICE -UN N V FRONT
I auvj rooms for private family.
71 -I 1 Howard — nicely furnished
lOl'' sunny bay-window; other double and
single rooms. -r.y.A,..
nog HOWARD, CORNER SIXTH— NICELY
OCO furnished suites $3 60 a week; single beds,
$1 25t05l 60: double beds, $1 50 to $2 50awee»c
1 I 90 HOWARD-SUNNY BACK ROOMB $1
XXiiU per week; front rooms $5 per mouth.
Hyde Street.
SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT AND BACK
parlor; bay-window; good for a dressmaker.
Call at 1052 Howard st
Haight Street.
00 HAIGHT- LARGE, PLEASANT, SUNNY
iiO front room; very reasonable; bath.
Jones Street.
907 -TONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
i.vJ I management; elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; batb, etc.; $10 to s3o.
Kearny Street,
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
Piessant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
"VTEW AVENUE HOUSE, 904 KEARNY ST.,
Act corner Jackson— rooms 16, 20, 25, 60
cents per night; special rates per week or month.
Lewis Street.
1 f* LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— TWO
1 U unfurnished rooms, $8, or three $10.
Market Street.
7q7 MARKET— ELEGANT SUITES AND
101 single: newly furnished and carpeted.
Qp.fi MARKET, COR. STOCKTON—
OOU somely furnished- suite, suitable for office
or living purposes; terms reasonable.
V OSKMITK HOUSE, 1045 MARKET - I'Blt
X night, 1.60 to $1 week. Sl 60 to $6; families.
McAllister street.
r 1 r MCALLISTER— SUNNY ROOM; LARGE
010 closet; hot and cold water; reasonable;
gentlemen only.
1 Aq,f -MCALLISTER— SUNNY FURNISHED
1 UO 1 front room; use of bath; rent $6.
McLea Court. -
T ABOE FRONT ROOM, FURNISHED OR
Xj unfurnished; bath, fireplace; in private fam-
ily: terms reasonable. 11**_ McLea court, off
Ninth st ■ .
Minna Street.
Qfifi MINNA-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
OUU ny single rooms; also double room; cheap.
Pfil minna, CORNER eighth— newly
VJVJ i furnished bay-window rooms, $1 a wee
' - - - . Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
Moss Street.
qQI MOSS, NEAR FOLSOM— FURNISHED
004 large front room; grate.
Oak street.
(&/_» BAY-WINDOW ROOM FURNISHED
«3-D. first floor; cook stove. 48 Oak.
9,17 OAK-A SMALL FRONT ROOM, NEAT-
auA\ I ly furnished, $4. __^^
Fine Street.
/"»91 PINE — ROOMS; $5 UP; RUNNING
v)iiX water; sunny; quiet; grate.
Q4 r PINE - FURNISHED ROOMS; . GAS
0"10 and bath. ■ *■ -
Polk Street.
991 POLK— 2 NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
_____ L ny rooms; $7 and $8 a month; single or
double. - .-;*..-• * •;
Post Street.
99C1 POST (THE "doMUS)— SUNNY FUR-
jiiiLO'i nished rooms; flne location; reasonable.
Powell Street.
1 9Q POWELL-NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
-1 iiO ny rooms, en suite or single; entrances on .
Powell and O'Farrell sts.
CAD POWELL, NEAR SUTTER — FRONT
OUO and back parlor: also small room; sunny.
Sansome Street. \
Cl c SANSOME — NICK. SUNNY ROOMS,
010 newly furnished, $8 and up; housekeeping
rooms. * . ■
Second street.
q7 SECOND — WEBB HOUSE; ELEGANT
O- furnished rooms. MRS. LINDSAY, Prop.
c 9 SECOND— DOUBLE ROOMS $1 60 TO $3 a
o___ week; single $1 to $1 60; night 25c to 60c.
p. SECOND — CLEAN AIRY ROOMS,
O single and double, $1 per week up.
9qi SECOND— FURNISHED ROOMS. 100,
aUOX 15c, 25c per night: 65c to $1 50 weekly.
Shotwell Street.
m SHOTWELL— 2 LARGE ROOMS; 1
Oil front:, nearly new- -.
OA9 SHOTWELL, NR. TWENTY-SECOND—
CU_j Furnished rooms, with bath; $5; Mission
warm belt . . ■
i^ixth Street.
1 qi SIXTH— NICE SUNNY* FRONT SUITE,
1 0_ suitable for bath or manicuring; cheap.
qq SIXTH — QUIET . SUNNY . ELEGANT
OO rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
RUNS WICK HOUSE, 148 SIXTH— OPEN
all night rooms: 25c to $1 per night $1 26 to
$5 per. week. : J. G. DRAKE, manager.
91 rjl SIXTH— NICE LARGE FRONT ROOMS
__10_2 to rent, cheap; also sunny back rooms.
Stockton street.
THE EUROPEAN, 17. STOCKTON ST FOR.
nished rooms, en suite or single; hot. cold water
In every room: baths: elevator; transient solicited.
... ... .......... . .
Additional Classified Advertise*
ments on Page I*.
1314
BOOMS TO LET— Contlnnod.
Muter -irent.
r/QI SUTTER, OPP. UNIVERSITY CLUB—
i OX Newly furnished front alcove room for 1 or
2 gentlemen; breakfast if desired.
C 9..1 SUTTER - — WARM " SINGLE ROOM ;
Ci.U'i closet, hot and cold water; reasonable.
._> .a." ' .100..
"I "I C TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
J. 10 front suite; $20 month.
Tenth Street.
-I C)~ TENTH— BRIGHT SUNNY ROOM; GAS
J ii O and bath; $5.
. Lira siree..
-I 7 THIRD (IMPEKIAL) — NICELY FUR-
X I nished rooms; tourists a specialty; transient.
Turk Street.
0 SUNNY ROOMS- RENT $5; PRIVATE
-J family: gas. bath 242 Turk st.
Twelfth Street.
QQr\ TWELFTH— 4 SUNNY ROOMS AND
000 bath; rent $16. Apply 19 Isis.
\ «... .e-s ._ nvi.i-i.
nt\C)\ VAN NESS AYE.— SUNNY FRONT
. V— £ bay-window room, with grate: also two
Cher rooms, cboap.
f7f\l! VAN NE «S AYE.— FURNISHED
i UD rooms; $B and up; housekeeping privileges.
-I 1 A(k VAN S i: •*§. CORNER GEARY— FUR-
-11 UU nished sunn/ front room; $6; bath.
Webster Street.
17.1 WEBSTER — 2 nR 3 LAROE HAND-
iII some rooms, furnished or unfurnished, for
housekeeping.
Miscellaneous.
OW. COP. SIXTEENTH ST., NEAR MISSION;
i"' branch Hire of The Call. Subscriptions and
want ads taken.
BOARDING AM) ROOMS.
q"m AL-_ PRIVA-TrPAMILY" B_£______NG IN
i >l the warm belt of the Mission, '.0 minutes from
Kearny st., have a large sunny bay-window alcove
room, handsomely furnished, which they desire to
rent to a gentleman or man and wife, with board ;
also single sunny room; terms reasona >:e. Ad-
dress Quiet, box 118, Call.
A 1 -V EDDY -LOVELY SUNNY PARLORS
_il_l and other rooms, with board: 920 up. i
m- PINK [X N V.\) NEWLY FTJRNISH-
(-0 ed suites and singe rooms: service strictly
first class; references.
*? 7 |"l LF-YVENWO RTH — SUNNY CnßXEit
c_ vJI suites; single; excellent table; rates mod..
OTKL BERTLINO. 714 RUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: refer i.e.; all modern conveniences.
CUILHRJEN ROARHRI).
LDERLY LADY WISHES CHILD TO
li board; no other children. 238 Seventh, rear.
ANTED— LITTLE _____ IO BOARD; 5
years old: $10 month. 116 x F;levenih st.
A MOTHER'S PERSONAL CARE; SI'NNY,
j\. healthful rooms; dry, san yard: wholesome
food; reasonable frms. E. 1)., boa 7-.
KTOi.E. '..» LET.
JOW RENT TO RESPONSIBLE TENANT:
i corner saloon and cigar-stand, with tiled floor
and fine fixtures, chandeliers, etc., complete.
Northeast corner Stockton and Geary sts.
Qjon/Y 6 POST— HALF OF STORE TO
tpOUU. rent; reasonable terms to desirable
party.
/• J, t. NATOMA — STORE AND 2 ROOMS,
o*l o grocery and saloon; $12
STORE AND 3 ROOMS GOOD LOCATION
i^ lor dressmaker: sunny belt: $16 per month;
2610 Mission -L Apply 844 Capp st.
1 1 l' FOURTH— SMALL I ORE WITH ROOM
'_ 1 O in rear: low rent. Apply to G. H. ESEN
A CO., 14 Montgomery sL
ARBER-SHoP. WIT BATHS: ESTAB-
J J llshed 16 yea $18 per month; Key at 639
Second st.
( aipeuter-shop; $7 per month. 6 Le Boom st. ;
key at 51-19 se ond st.
1' umbing-shop; S.i per mouth. 3 De Boom st. ;
key st 51-9 second St.
Corn' r store, 631 second st.; $14 per month;
key at 539 Second st.
\ I LOW RENT— PART OF STORE AND
j\. ba-em-nL 324 Pcs', st.
OFFICES i'_> r.ET.
__SlOtC<n-r^V_T-rF_--L O-fiOF OFFICK:
rent S5. Apply 509 Kearny st room 8.
TfLI-U ANTLY FU RN I SHED sVN N V
1-i offices -or doctors or detilists: central 4-6
Bu ters- HC^H
"I ■.. |W MARKET-ELEGANT SUNNY C.N-
-1 _)V'l iurnis ed offices; suit al.le doctor or dentist
"|\E-K 1.0. .M, WITH FCLL Lt-E OF OFFICE;
IJ r-nt $5. ft npy 503 Kearny M., room 8.
Vi CAL.
T^R_^rH-^s__El-_' N , T-TegTrEATSPECTaIv
1" Ist, still offers his valuable services io the un-
f .ri.n-.te. \\ lh a mind matured and enriched by
btudi.s of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease in the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a pei feet cure. La ties, he is always ready
to assist you. His knowledge has been strength-
ened by extensive experience. No case peculiar
to your del te organism Is he ond his sure con-
trol. Ii is female monii.ly remedies are sure and
safe in their effects. His tried and valuable reme-
dies for lost mauhood are never-failing in their
action, and are warranted tor both youn™ and old.
He excels all others i . cure of private diseases.
Over 50 eats of practice enables him 10 warrant
a cure in all cases. Consultation pi.rlors, 906
Market st. Call or write direct to 906 Market st.,
rooms 1 1 and 12.
~T SURE. SAFE AND SPEED _ CURE FOR
_" V all female diseases: ladies may have the bene-
fit of tbe skill and attention of a physician of long
and successful practice, A home in confinement
with b-st care, with the privacy of a home and the
conveniences ofa hospital. Those who are sick or
discouraged should call on the doctor and state their
case. All consultation free and confidential. Sole
agent Rex Magnus, the great worid-renowed rem-
eiy for home treatment. MRS. DR GWYER,
226 Turk st.
N_.V REMEDY THAT IS PERFECTLY
harmless; never falls in any case of monthly-
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. Price
$5 to $10. No electricity or Instruments; never
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class home in con-
finement. it. & Mrs. Davies, 14 McAllister sL,
next Hihernia Rank. Consult free; French pills
f2: hours, 9 a. m. to 4, 7 to 8 p. ii.
A iHi.CF.f-S IHAT M*. V ..""il FAIL- TO RE-
-A. store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a lew hours when medicines
raJ others have failed; no instruments used;
many years' experience: every case guaranteed:
advice free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. D it. L'A__.E\, IHi
Market si., over the owl Drag store.
NEW PROCESS— NO M D I C IN E, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used: every woman
berown physician for all lenialeiroublos. no matter
from una: cause; restores always In one daytcan he
sen and used » me; a I cases guaranteed: do
not trust Incompetent female physicians. DR.
POPPER, the we 1-k .own pioneer, 318 Kearny st.
ADI CHICHESTER'S ENGLISHPENNY-
J roa. i'liis (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars. "Relief for Ladies." In letter by return mall;
at drug.tst's. Chichester L'hem. Co.. Philadelphia
Dl OL' LEI'S FRENCH CAPSULES— ._
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
cuses (no ma. ter v.hi t cause, positively safe aud
sure: no can_t- r or after effects: taken in time it
also acts as a preventive: price $1 50 per box:
tent Ire-- by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
PROS., 33 Grant aye. * r
11. AND MRS. WEGENER, 526 EDDY" ST.;
private home with every comfort; sei.arat.
rooms .tore and dur.ng confinement; all female
Complaints skillful treated; regular physician;
quirk relief for travelers: best care: terms moder*
ate; consiiltatio. i ire- ; pills $2.
Li. CASKS OF MONTHLY' SUPPRESSION
restored in a few hours: safety assured at any
time; instant relief for travelers; home in confine*
aoant: consult free: confidential; hours, 10 to 5.
MRS. DR. W Vl-TH. 916 Post St.. near Larkin.
RS. c.Ot »D WIN, SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or far. safe, quick cm*, guaranteed, sny
diseas • or complaint: home tor patients: best skill;
free diagnosis -ow ices: self cute. 904 MOAllisterst,
LP.. FRENCH P'LLs— A BOON TO
Indies with teniae troubles: no danger; safe
and sure; $2 60 express C. v. D. ; don't delay uutil
too late. OSGOOD BROS. Oakland, Cal.
SURE CURF. FOR ALL FEMALE. DlS-
eases, from whatever cause: home in confine-
ment ; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. Mils. DR.GWYEB. 2.16 Turk
I*|ON'T FAIL TO C_)5r.'LLT Dit. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 MarKet st.: bis 30 years'
FUccessful practice is a gui.ramee of fair treatment;
the worst cases ireaied satisfactorily hy mail.
"j> *".n(. PAIL Full A CA.-.F. I fail to curb
(jj] uvJV.I of female complaints or diseases of the
eye: consultation free. It*. DR. SCOTT, Geary
"VICE PRIVATE lit. .Ml. IN CONFINEMENT
J. .at the most rei. son a hie price In the city. MRS.
M- PF'FIIFFER, midwife, 2012 Fo'som st.
•I\U P.:aT'"-~fV ~\T\L .-. REGULATING PILLS;
A*' safe and efficient emmenatrogue: $1 per box.
RICHARDS <_ CO.,drugg.sts. -106 Clay st.,soleagts,
SF. LYING-IN .I'RIVAT. ) HOME; Did
O. cases of women and children. 230 Kearny, r. 9
HOME. A ERIE >d ano mother's CARE
MRS. DR. FUNKS, i 416 r.lgbth sL, Alamed*.
"1 1~1 R . LATINO 1 1 ANY FEMALE HI ASK
Sf MRS.DR. l J c'F.'l/. and be content. 'ibji/j 4th.
1 jR. HALL, 14 McALLI 1. 1 EX STREET, NEAR
J ' Jones. Diseases of women and children.
I . ' '■
PTC YOLKS.
iTN^HUFGcTß_r__<__ns_rw^
In second-hand wbee's. DAV-S BROS.,
cycle department, '-'5 Genry tt.
<__ QH SWELL SPECIAL CLEVELAND IN
<JpIoU. perfect condition for ii 60. 406 Geary.
STORAGE.
STORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY: FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
Tj.ukniturf:. PIANOS, trunks: - ad-
J. V_u_c«a, aaipp.ng, _______ !_. XAVLOR,2O4I'o*_.
_ EDUCATIONAL. 2J
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
J 1 Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineering; HO teachers; 15,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
V RES'. THE LEADING COLLEGE 82»
Montgomery St.; individual instruction in
I shorthand, typin .. bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
[ me scholarship $50: l*'W rates per week and mo.
LADY TEACHES PIANO AND MANDOLIN
Xj thoroughly: 50c a .esson; excellent pianist and
I accompanist, entertainments, parties. 1209 Octavla
BOOKKEEPING THOROUGHLY IN _• WEEKS
XJ or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
XAI'.K, room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
MRS. :■ MELVILLE * SN YDE It, ' 2517% CALl-
fornla— Vocal music, piano and elocution;
practical acting; vocal classes. $1 per month.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
0 College, 723 Market st.; students trained: ottice
situations secured; lowest rates or credit for tuition.
ENGINEERING SCHOOL; MECH.. ELEC.
J civil, mining, survey, assay, archlt.. X ray
laugij.:e._lB64. A.VAN* PER NaILLKN.72B Mkt
. ELASCO-.-. LYCEUM SCHOOL Or ACTING—
l ■ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsal
Oil Mage. R. 6 and 12. 1. O. O. K. block. 7th and Mitt
1 ADIES' SINGING CLASs; TUITION FREE.
J- Apply 4 to 5 p. m., Byron Mauzy's Hall, 310
Post s_ A.so class ror the study of harmony. _
CBSCItIPTIONS AND WANT 'ADS FOR THE
call taken at branch ollice, a_-9 Hayes st.;
o: en until 9:80 o'clock*
PIANO TAUGHT IN 6 MONTHS; NEW
Km tii'd: special at'en tion to adu.t beginners;
$_ ..0 per month. 323 Hyde sl __
UCCESSF'UL LONDON TEACHER RE-
k_> ceives pupils piano, singing; French: $3 a
mon.h. 917 Polk st.
BANJO, PIANO, MANDOLI AND GUITAR
X) th iroughlv'tanght; lessons SOc. . 12*' Tenth st.
I la.i .\ i.iii AN .- F'-'.IN i i ■I. ... i ...i i ; EU-
X) rupi'sii artist; $5 mo. 305 Larkin, r. 105; p M.
ING ING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages: $2 mo. 109 Taylor.
TTOICE, DRAMA. ORATORY: PRIVATE AND
V class. Prof. ROSS, Donoboe bldg;l2 to 1, 7 to 8.
pROF. L. RANKIN — VIOLIN. MANDOLIN
X mando!a;terms reasonable. 225Geary,nr. Powell
/ . Ul-AE, MANDOLIN, PIANo ,ii\_ VOJ-Ai-
VJ lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
OOKKPNG. WRUNG. ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
ll day * night: no classes; $5 month. 845 Mission.
TV* IGHT SCROOLtHEALD'S BUB.COLLEGE; 24
i.- Post :commercial,shorthand.F^nglish:low rates.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
~T~RF^OC~^___N--!n-T»l__^^ THE PUK-
- IV. chase of a piano? if so our warerooms contain
the most desirable stock from which to make the
selection; bargains for cash, iusta intents or rent
contract plan; we are selling some pianos for S3,
$4 an J $5 per month; beautiful new uprights for
$6, $7, $8, $9 and $i 0 per month: no cash pay-
ment required larger than the above amounts all
purchasers of upright pianos from us bave the
privilege of exchanging same for a Stein way any
time within 3 years from date of purchase with-
out sacrifice SHERMAN, CLAY A CO., repre-
sentatives of Stein way A Son's pianos, cor. Kearny
and suiter st?., San Francisco; also Oakland,
Cal.; Portland. Or. : Seattle. _ ash.
U'E HAVE SECURED THE AGENCY OF
« " the wonderful Ivers A Pond pianos, a specially
(elected stock: all styles, uprights and grands:
just received: it is impossible to make a better
piano, absolutely without a weak point; sole
agents for Ivers it Pond, Lindeman, Connor,
Muehlfeid. Haynes and Singer pianos. J. T.
BOWERS A SON", Metropolitan Temple building.
RSOLUTELY THE OLDEST AN D LARGEST
ABSOLUTELY 1 HE OLLX.ST AN D LARGEST
house west of Chicago is KOHLER A
CHASE'S, 26. 28 and 80 O'Farrell st-: pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and price*: terms e.isy; prices lowest;
everything possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
CTUaLLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN Ft-
snos; nee our 1 st tor this week; pianos on $3,
$4. $5, $6, $7, $8, $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments; tine stool and rover with each; delivered
free anywhere in ih* city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO,
salesrooms 9tS Market sl, opp. Mason.
AlNi-S, BUSH A GERTS AND KNABE PI-
Tl anos. get our reduced rices; fine second-hand
uprights. $135; organs, $.'"5. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 Post st.
PIANOS S- •_.__*. RENTED, TUNED, Rtl-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than nnv other linn in the city. J.HARRY
SCOTT, 526 Haves st.
BARGAIN — F_NTS CHICKERING $100.
It SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St., next Hlbemia
Bank. ■
A DMINISTRATOR'S SALE— MUST SELL,
LcL pianos a; Immense reduction for cash or ou
ins ailments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market.
i INE SO I " _ RK, $?5i STEINWAY OR
' Decker !'..■>_, $350. New uprights, best and
cheapest, at MAGVAIS", 769 Market st.
_>,i/l A GOOD 7-OcTAVE UPRIGHT; FINE
<25 '' ' . condition: $sinsiallmts.22l Leavenworth.
" * BTEINWA Y . GOOD CONDITION, $175.
-rL- Room 10, BU9 Market s 1.
QUAKF". WEBER fIANO IN GOOD CONDI-
-_5 tion for sale cheap. 102 Taylor st.
MIA'. . STEINWAY $260, CHI'KERINO
$185;ttreat bargalnsts4mo HEINE.I 36 Ellis.
_r_ I X.k DECREE BROS.'; IN GOOD ORDER
Jj. I. 00. BR N'S piano house, 228 Post.
A N 1 FT CFI TST 1 N WAY PR I 5 T AND
schubert: little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Ne»s
\V.' G. BADGER. SOLE A -ENT FORHALLET
'» .* Davisand Francis Bacon pianos. 406Sacta
YRON MAI 308 P'.sT ST.— SO Hit,
1) Newby A Evans, Uriggs and other pianos.
_•! _*EltlOl' VlOi.iNS, ZITHERS, OLD »fc NEW
O H. M I'LLEU, maker, repairer. 2 i .a: nam piace.
» DOLLAR A WEEK ON REM' CONTRACT
J\ boys new piano. 136 Ellis st_
LEGAL NOTICES.
is«6lut_on of copa^nrrship-thk
copartnership heretofore exls Ing beiween the j
und rsinued. under the firm name of KUI.L.M
WAGNER A CO., has this day been dissolved by
mutual consent. HERMAN KILLMAN",
JACOB SALZ.
CHARLES WAGNER,
■T»nu-»rv 14. 1897. CHARI. HART.
PHYSICIANS.
B PHYSICIANS.
TjiliT&icTi^
XJ ooldenHate ay. : diseases of women a specialty.
j __---_-__--___ mm-mmmmMmmmmmAmmmmmms-—-J
O Ckar 0 FtatlyChudy
\ _____ Gfaudy® Ram <§) Snow
I
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
] at station indicate maximum temperature for tho
I days; those underneath R, if any, the amount Of !
| rainfall, of melted snow ln Inches and hundredths, \
\ during the past tavelve hours. Isobars, or solid !
| lines, cofinec. pqrfn s of equal air pressure; Iso- \
; therms, tr dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
: Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
| refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" ally first appear on the Washington
oast. Whin the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low- is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
' the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected tn summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER J UREAC REPORT.
United States Dkpabtmknt ok Agbicul/-
-tube. Weatheb Bureau, san Fbaj-ctsco Jan
16. 1897, 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and general
forecast : _EB^-___H__^-B_^S
The following are tbe seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the game date last sea-
son and rainfall during the past twenty -four
hours: '
Eureka 23.32 inches last season 13.48. last 24
hours. 2B; Red Bluff 11.82, last season 8.06. last 24
hours .01:- Ban Krancisco 11.14. last season 5 57,
last 24 hours. o3; Fresno 4.73. last season 1.46, last
24 hours .00; San Luis vb spo 9 70, last season
6.38, 1a5t '.'4 hours .00-. Los Augeles 8. 40, last season
2,61, last 24 hours .00; ban Diego _ __, last seat-on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
1.57, last 24 hours .32; Yuma 4.62, last season
.32, last 24 hours .00.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 63,
minimum 44, mean 48.
An area of high pressure lies over the northern
h»lf of the Pacific slope. There has been a rise of
over four-tenths of an inch in pressors ' over
Washington and Northern oregon.
Rain has fallen generally over the country north
of Fresno.
Th- temperature has remained stationary ex-
cept at Sun Luis Obispo, where there has been a
sudden rise. . .
Conditions are favorable for moderate frosts
Sunday morning and probably heavy frost Mon-
day morning in the San Joaquin and the Sacra-,
mento valleys. ,„ _.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. January 17, 1897:
Northern California— Sutidny, with mod-
erate frosts Sunday morning: light northerly
winds , ,
Southern California— Fair Sunday, with mol-
erate frosts Sunday morning; light northwesterly
winds
Nevada— Fair Sunday: cooler.
Utah— Fair Sunday: cooler. . .
Arizona — t air Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sun-lay: light
northerly winds. Alexander McAdie,
Local Forecast < fficial.
LATK.ST SHIPPING INTJSLLI -.UN OK.
Foreign Ports.
SYDNEY-Sailed Jan 16-Bark Sea King, for
San Francisco.
COM' 'X— sailed Jan 16-Stmr Mlneo'.a. for Port
Los Angeles
JI"-. i In of Trans- Atlantic St__m .r».
KINSALE— Passed Jan 17— Stmr Aurania, from
New York, for Qneensiown and Liverpool.
tlitlii_-~MARRIAOE_****-iiMTit_,
[Birth, marriage and death notices sen' by mall
will not bo Inserted.- They must be handed in a:
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name anJ residence of persons authorized
to have the came published J
RORN.
CORDES— In this city. January 8, 1897, to the
wife of H. W. Cordes. a son.
DRISCOLL-January 16,1887, to the wife of F.
Dnscoli, a son.
GOODMAN-January 8, 1897, to the wife of H.
D.Goodman, a daughter.
GRAINGER— In Golden Gate. January 13,1897.
to the wife of S. Grainger, a son.
HANLEY— In this city. January 9,1897, to the
wife of W. F. Hanley, a son.
HEANEY— this city. January 13, 1897. to the
wife of Frank G. Heaney. a son.
JOHNSTON— In this city, January 16, 1897, to
the wife of H.J. Johnston, a daushter.
JON E-*— ln this city, January 9, 1897, to the wife
of Rowland Jones, a daughter.
KENNEDY— In this city. January 1897, to the
wife of J. A. Kennedy, a son.
LANDGREBE— In this city. January 11. 1897, to
the wtfs of Robert G. Landgrebe. a son.
LORSBACH— In Fruit vale, January 15, 1897, to
the wife of Adolph Lorsbacn, a diiugiuor.
LUCAS— In this city. January 11, 1897, to the
wife of Frank J. Lucas, a son.
M.I.N TEE— 6, 18_>7, to the wife of J. J.
McEntee, a son. jK*>*S__
MEEHAN— In this city, December 27, 1896, to
the wife of Patrick Meehan, a daughter.
MONSEES— IB South san Francisco. January 8,
1897. to the wife of John Monsees, a son.
NOBLE— January 12, 1897, to the wife of Joseph
B. Noble, a son.
RIVERS— In this city. January 14, 1897, to the
wife 'of Alden Rivers, a daughter.
WALSH— In this city. January 13, 1897, to the
wife of Dormer Walsh, a daughter.
W I SB January 8, 1897, to the wife of W.
Wisbev, a daughter
MAKKIED.
KANE— WRIGHT— In this city, January 6, 1897,
by the Rev. P. Scanla.i, Henry P. Kane of
Wa'sonville and Nellie F. Wright of Virginia
City, Ney.
O'NEILL— PARK— In this city. January 12. 1897.
by the Rev. Father Casey, Lawrence O'Neill,
D. D. ti., of Denver and Dr. Theorilda C Park of
San Francisco. '..'.' ' v: "
DIED.
Best, Mrs. J. H. London. Biene
Carroll. John C. Lubner, Frank
Clem Captain W. Morarhan. M. B.
Cunning mm. John M. Mnrpliy, Annie
Dyer, Miclia-.! O'Keefe. Jerry
Flagg. Lucius Perry, Isaac
Goldsmith. Oliver E. Folk. Eben C.
Gorman, Sarah M. Ralston. John
llanratty. Annie Reed, Jan}
Hennessy, Patrick Saltmarsn, Sarah W.
Higgins, Mrs. Winifred Taubman. August P.
Jones, William 11. Thorn. Captain diaries
Kenuarl. Daniel H. Tit tei, Bernard E.
Lees, Jane A, Truxler. Catherine
Whittle, Deering
BEST— In this city, January .5. 1897, Mrs. J. H.
Best, widow of tbe late William Best* and
mother of Mrs. I. Eddy, a native of Penryn,
Cornwall, England, aged 67 years 5 months and
1 day.
aarThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday). a: l'etaluma, Cai.. upon the arrival
of the 7:30 o'clock a. m. train from san Fran-
cisco. _***RSB '•***'
CARROLL— this city. January 15, 1897, John
C, beloved husband of Ellen < arroll, a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 63 years.
o_Tl'he funeral will Mica place- THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock P. M., trom his late
residence, 218 Palmer street thence 10 St.
Paul's Church,^Twenty- ninth and Church streets,
for services at 'i o'clock p. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In New York City. January 14,
1897, John M., beloved husband of Clara E
Cunningham, a native of New York, aged 41
years ft months and 4 days.
_j5~Fu-ieral In New York City and Interment
In family vault near Tarrytown, N. If., January
18.
CLEMENTS— In this city, January 15, 1897, Cap-
tain William Clements, father of Alice and
Frank Clements, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
6-5 years.
DYER— In this city, Janu.ry 13, 1837, at St.
Mary's Hospital. Michael Dyer, a native of
County Sligo, Ireland, aged 80 years.
Notice of funeral ats _-.
FLAGG— In this city. January 15. 1897. Lucius
Flagg, a native of Massachusetts, aged 79 years.
GOLDSMITH-January 15, 1837, Oliver E.. be-
loved husband of Ella L. Goldsmith. and only
son of Annie 1.. and tbe late J. G. Goldsmith,
a native of San Francisco, aged 35 years. | Chi-
cago papers please copy. I
0y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Sunday), at 'i o'clock p. m.. at
St. John's Presbyterian Churcn, California and
Octavia streets. Interment private, Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
GORMAN— In this city, January 16, 1897, Sarah
Maria Gorman, beloved mother of Minnie, Azlle
and Anna Gorm m, »ii».i_ of Canada, aged 53
vein. . , __ffi*'_Tl'ffl
HANRATTY— In this city, January 14, 1897.
Ancle, beloved wire of John Hmratty, and
sister of Patrick. and Joseph Waters and Mrs.
Mary Joyce, a native of the parish of Louth.
County Louth. Ireland, aged 34 years.
if Friends and acquaintance*) are respect-
fully invited toattend tie funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 148 Sliver street, thence to St. Hose's
Church, wbere a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of ber soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. 3-__fi__**f*~'HPß-__l
HENNESSY— In this city. January 14, 1897,
Patrick, beloved husband of Mary Hennessy,
and brother of John Heunessy, and brother-in-
law oi Mrs. John McF.lro, , a native of Ireland,
aged 64 years.
Jt__r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to at end the -nu-r.il THIS DVY
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from bis latn
residence, 507 Sixth street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated tor the repose of bis soul, com-
mencing at 10 clock a. m Interment Mount
Calvary Ceil. lery.
Hl'>GlN_— An anniversary requiem high mass
• will be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
* the late Mrs. Winifred Higgins at St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Nei-s avenue, TO-MORROW
(Monday), commencing at 9 o'clock A. _.
j Frienis nnd acquaintances are toattend
JONES-ln this city, January 14, 1897, William
il., beloved son of Lewis L. and Sarah Jones.,
and brother of Edward H. and Arthur L. Jones
and Mrs. Margaret smith,. i native of Baltimore,
Ml., aged 33 years 4 months and 10 days.
Phi ndelphla and Boston papers please copy, j
iriends and acauaintauces are respect-
fully Invited to attend me funural THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. M., from nls late
. residence, 634 Tennessee street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KENNARD— In san Jos-, January 14. 1897.
Daniel H. Kennard, a native of Maryland, aged
68 years 10 months and 23 days.
AST Friends and aoi'iaintanc _ are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), from tbe residence of Mrs. Mary Eea-
nard, 196 North Third street, San Jose. Inter-
ment Oak Hill Cemetery.
LEES— Entered into rest, in this city, at her resi-
dence, 10;.".! Pine street, Jane Amelia, beloved
wife of Captain 1. W. Lees, and loved motberof
Mrs. Ernest A. Leigh and Fred W. L»e-. a na-
tive of Lancashire,' England, aged 67 years 7
ii.ontus mil 13 dava [ Paters m (N. J.) and
Victoria (B. C.) papers please copy. J
_*_TT-e funeral will take place TO-MORROW
* (Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence,
1022 Fine street.
LONDON — In this city. January 15,1897, Biene,
beloved wife of the late Alex London, and
mother of Henry, Rosa ail Ljuls London, a na-
tu** of Saxony, Germany, aged 69 years and 1
month. ■, ' ■ .- . ■
_Kg"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
Ay invited to attend t ie funeral Till-"* Da
(Sunday), at 10:45 o'clock a. m_, from her late
residence. 38 Ciara street, interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 1 1 :30 o'clock a.m. train from
ihird and Towusoud streets. *IBSHM|_ii_Bnd
LUBNER— In this city. January 16. 1817. Frank,
beloved husban l of the late Mary Ann Lubuer.
father of Annie S. and the late Arthur J.ubner,
brother of Joan Lubner, and son-in-law of Mrs.
Susan Hayes, a native of Germany, aged 34
years A member of Court Star of the Mission
No. 7197, A. O. F.
49* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from his late
residence, 63 Naioma treet, thence to Su Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
- ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
A. O. F.— To tbe : officers and members of Courte
Star of lb. Mission No. 7197, A. O. F. : You ara
hereby notified to. be present at 63 Natornk
, street TO-MORROW (Monday), at 10 o'Ciock
a. m., to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother, Fran* Luuner.
A. G. JEFFREY. Chief Ranger.
Jakes T. Golto;., Fin. Sec
MOIiAGHAN-ln tht-. city. January 14, 1887, at
his residence, 431 Thirteenth street, M. 8.. be-
loved husband of Julia A. Moraghan. father of
John. James Elsie. Charles. Eugenic. Frank.
Milton aud Eugene Moravian, and brother of
Thomas -Moragtiau, aeel 62 year? and 4 months.
J__J"*Frlend. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invLel toat.eud the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clocic p. M.. from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and . Montgomery streets,
under the uusplc->.. of Excelsior Loig* No. 163,
F. a.d A. _£. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MUKPHY-In thi. city, a. the Potrero, January
14, '97. Annt*-, beloved wife of John Murphy,
mother of Jeremiad Murphy, and sisier of Mrs.
Eugene Sullivan and 'llmothy .Horlgan. a na-
live of the parish of Kllmlchael, Couuty Cork,
Ire* a ;_ 124 years.
X__**'Frle..ds and acquaintances are respect-
ful y Itivl'.eu to -timid -lie funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence 'lo.ihV^ Tiveutv--.econd s'n-et, thence to
St. Teres i's uuurcu, Tennass-e street wnere a
requiem lit ;li niais will « celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 8:15 o'clock
a. M. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In the City and County Hospital,
Jauuary lb, 1897. Jerry O'Keefe, aged 45 years.
PEKRY— In »he City and Conntr Hospital. Jan-
uary 16, 1897, Isaac Perry, a_;ed 13 years.
POLK-In this city, January 16. 1«»7. Eoen C.
• Polk, brother of" J. .d. and Anna P. Pol- and
Mrs. W. H. Miller, ana_lv«»f san Francisco,
aged 36 rears 9 months and 19 days.
RALSTON— In this city. January 15. 1897, John
Ralston, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 40
year .
_jrg~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fuuy invited to attend the funeral THIS OAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Valente, Marini A Co., 1524 Stockton
sire-i, oetweea Green and Union. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REED-In this city, January 15. 1897, Jane, be-
loved mother of James W. Heed, a native of
County Sligo. Ireland, aged 75 • ears
"K_TThe funeral will ta." place rHIS *.__■
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Carew A English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
near Market street, interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SALTMARSH-In this city, January 16, 1897. at
the residence of Isaac W. co ni stock, Sarah
Warren Saltmarsh, a native of New York, aged
80 years and Sf months.
TAUBMAN— January 14. 1897, August P.. be-
loved husband of Sophie Taubman, and father of
Doris and Christine Taubman, a native of San
Francisco, aged i,7 rears and 10 mouths.
____TThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m*. from the residence
of his mother, -Mrs. Henry Lelirke, 502 Minne-
sota strode. Interment private. Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
THORN— In Alameda, January 16, 1897. Captain
I 'liar. iKjiotfu uusoanl oi Mary J. Thorn, and
father of Edgar V., Charles. Jou.. T., Arthur F.,
Frank B. and Minnie T. Thorn, a native of New
York, aged 80 years and 3 months.
. _K»"Notlce of funeral hereafter
TITTEL— In this cit*. January 15. 1897, Bernard
Krnt-s', be: oved husband of JosieTllteland father
of Mrs. Sopbi- Slattery. Jo.ephTlltel, Mrs. Agile
Burnett, -Mrs. Till Keiton and liv late Mrs.
Au.usta t-chuppert, a native of Germany, aged
70 years 7 months and ft days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residents, 126 Julian avenue, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth, Mission and Valencia streets,
thence to St. Boniface Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
men Masonic Cemetery.
TKUXi.I-.lt- this city, January 16, 1897, Cath-
erine Truxler, a native of Alsace, ..gea 68 years.
WHITTLE-In this city. January IS, 1897. Deer-
Ing. oeloved husband of Matilda A. L. Whittle,
and father of Mrs. M. E. Moore and Albert M.
and lienry D. Whittle, S. J., a native of Liver-
pool, England, aged 79 years 10 months and 11
days. [Liverpool and London papers please
cony. I
*_TThe funeral will take Dlace TO-MORROW
(Mouday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 1 (4 Co.lingwood street, thence to >t,
Ignatius Church. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street, where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of bis tout, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. M. Interment private, Holy
Croii cemetery.
' MCAVOY A CALLACHER, T
FUNKRAL DIRK .'TORS & EMBALM
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
»*——■——— — — — — — Lm
Jam. M.CM KNOMKY. CHA*. McM KNOMKY.
JAMES 3Ic3IZ_NO3II_Y A SON.
I'M)J_K'I'AK_KS AM) K__LBAi.__._KßS,
ili^i mih*loii Street, Near beveuth.
'1 elephune :-outh Übi.
J A& ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
■uM-ERTAKERS AND EMBAIiMKti-.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
JP Van Ness aye., near Manic, au, ___ r'ranolsco
Telephone _*o. 156.
F.L. GUNTZ. H. W...i ANTNER.
GANTNSR & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
Sand IO CITY lI AI.I. Altli.
Telephone South 432.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST (_EMI>
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; 10 no sense ax-
clusive: location unexcelled. ottiea M.7 iiatas*
street, southeast corner o* tilxth. 3____fc""_"Ssrcisa
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J H Jones <__ wf, Fresno W Sinclair, Sioux City
A M Ccttle. Calaveras W W Ryan, Chicago
M D Locke, Decatur J Caderberg, N Orleans
HH Green, Brush Creek C W Wilson. Oakland
M Morrow, Redding . W R Duuoti, Canton *
M Bean, Sacramento J Morrissey, Alaska
G Muliender, Oakland F Crlstee, Los Angeles
G Kttto, l'ortlaud Ff^ffßitffW
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W F Foreman A w, Sacto R P Hurlbnrt, Redwood
L M Osi. time & w. Cal J Lelnbelmer. N V
A _, Jacoos, Sacto S S Ram, N V
Mrs G Walsh. La O C Frem an, Fresno
Mrs M_ (.edge* ch.VaJo Mrs W X Gedge. Vallejo
KG Ginger & w, st Joe N r Goodman. Detroit
W H Pybines, Salinas O R Ingles, Kans City
G Shirley, Va.lejj F D Stephenson, Sacto
li Springer, Chicago A Rochles, sta (ai a
W D Davis, Santa Clara R Benjamin, Vallejo
PALACE HOTKL.
E Topham. Milpitas JO Yocum, Stanford
J 11 i-iiuiiorn, S Kosa Mr Mclver A wf, s Jose
Miss L Selridge. 8 Jose W W McMIUIn, st Louis
Mrs McMilin, St Louis J D sprout A wf, s Jose
C G I.c 7. . nsky, Chicago a J Cohen, Los Aug
R Graham, Ross Valley T B Berry. Ross Valley
W F Berry. Ross Valley Mrs _ Smith, I. V
W B Bishel Jr & wf.Coio W . v rjsinon, Salt Lake
J B Winder, Salt Lake O X Eldridge. Salt Lake
G B Williams, Stanford C Meyer. N V
C F Kohl <& wf, H Mateo C H storey, juos Ang
LICK HOUSE.
W McKinley, Nev Cy Fr<-d M smith, Or
FA Hornblower, Cal Miss Colin,. Grass Valley
Miss Beddy, Grass Vy A McAreu. Bos. on
I. orance Bottrer.Boston E C Harlan -an Itamon
J Simpson, Eureka . J 1-. Ciiapiu, Madera
Mrs X KHIII, Walnut Ck Mrs J B Hil , Walput Ck
hail Daggett, V saiia 11 A Hri limn. Aucaud
A J Binuey A i cb, D X Knight, Marysville
Marysville X C Kilbourue, Seattle
J M Mcintosh, Glasgow Mrs A M hick, Eureka
Mis Slssou, Sisso-i >. >' Beruhard, Fresno
V* J Wren, Madera H J Finger, Santa Bar
Duncan llayne.S Mateo J I- Hall, Santa Kosa
J E Cute, Chicago H V Morehouse, Sail Jose
X A enter, YubaCy A B.e.ner, sau Jose '
J King & w. Sun Jose M E Maleo.m, Sacto
a L Benson, Cal J it Carpenter, Yuba City
W H Mc.-ititi, San Jose Daniel Shaw, B C
A Feidenhelmer, Portld A O Frye, Marysville
Lr Armstrong, Stockton Mr.* J snvder, Oold Hill
Mr J W .-. Weinberg, H J Davis, Sacramento
Jamestown A Caminetli, Sacramento
GRAND HOTEL.
E Thomson, Auburn E Guyer A wf, Nev
J Gi tbcn, Grand Rapids J B Mclntrye A wf,
E Topuam, Mil pitas sun: China
FVV ttovt-y, Pa Alto J H Jackson, Valley Frd
E D Dudley, Klxon A J Taylor, Pasadena
W Hammond. Los Ang A M Dower, Los Ang -.
H Clark, San Jose H Blown, san Jose
Miss M Bau^li. Fresno L R Smith, Stockton
WC Green, Lodi X M. Porter. Nap i
J W Sewell, Ukiah Unman, Benicia
X Waters, Vt " W.l Halbeit, Yuma
Mrs E M Keaton, S Jose Miss Kenton, San Jose
W .-utton, orovitls T « Kicklin, Wash .■-.*•'
J C Evans. Wash P J Sullivan, Boston
8 X Wrenn, Portland D E Cameron. N V •'•-.:.-_
G F Weeks. Bakerslield B H Wilson A wf, S Jose
X H Van Vorhles, stntd W H fatackey. Me
M de Vries, Stockton H Hado.i A wf, Napa
J A Alexander, sacto VV L Burke. Tex
Miss Sendamore, Laeprt E C Weinreivh, sacto
Miss M P Sendamore, Sll Grigsby. Williams
Lakeport i. c Hall, Kings City
P C Wolf, Stockton . W F O'Leary, Hldsburg
BUSS HOUSE. J&&SBS
J M Gardner Aw, Cal W Talkwrason, Or
X Ragsdale. Or  'F H Gardner, Or
L H Weed A w, Or . VV Craib, san Andreas
Jll Fuller, Mendocino H Wlllurd. Red Buff
v Willard, Red utT - F Willard, Bed Bluff
Jlt KobinhOn, Vi.atia J W Jones, V i-aila .
H Barke, Hopland PH Fra~.er, Cal
T J Klrkpatrlck. Cal EL Warner, S L Obispo
L Campers. Bo. mas li Rellev, Merced
W G C_<-ney, Los Ang s W Wilson <_ w, Cal
J E McCarth A w, lowa Mrs J li Mussia, Eng
J W Dawson, En .land M Rowe, Martinez .
Uli Holmes, Kellogg ' P sworng, .Nev
RE Keyser, .Nev C W Hutchinson, S P Co
F Fisk, *.» View A k Coan, N V
E V Spencer, Cal F Scott, Stock'
R c Sargent, Stockton J Wenger, Crescent City
F H Leutziuger, Cal G F Smith, Bik Diamond
D M Livingston, Sn Jos© W Shields, N* V '
C A Piukhain .few, Seattle Mrs J Br*_*:in, Prescott
LA Richards, Grayson Miss 0 Hlckox, Oakland
H I'yl.-l, Oakland ' F Russell, Oakland
G Williams, Stockton CD Hay ward. Redwd Cty
II Cole, Oakland . • C Count, Oakland .
D Smith, i r R Garland, Quincy
W A Perkins, Nev HA Biggs, Salem
W A j_e.-, santa Rosa N A Neely A w, Mexico
E Lindley Dixon B Blackall A w, Sydney
J (' Walnut Creek D W Crowley. Port.and
F H Rennet, 1 "urtland A E Davis, Los Palos
J H Howard, Fresno A s Jones. Wash ,
A A Atkinson, Idaho Miss L ohes, Provo '-'' "»'-■
L 8 Keeley, Provo: H LBorgwardt, Bakrsflld
J A Alldrlch, Chicago __. T Basher, Centervlile
THE WISE ONES
WERE MISTAKEN
Mount McGregor II Proved
No Match at All for
Buckwa.
Scarf Pin Landed the Stake
'■ Event in a Hard Drive
% From Sly.
Fi F , a 100 to i Shot, Played Down in
the Betting, Captured the Hard c
Race From JOC |
The pet of the Burns Waterhouse string,
hooded Mt. McGregor 11, sustained a
crushing defeat in bis match race with
Ed Purser's Buckwa, run at Oakland track
yesterday. Thfe attendance was large and
the major portion of the crowd fully ex
pected to see Mt. McGregor turn the tables
on the son of Buckra. The pair met in a
mile race, decided on January 11, and
Sloan, astride Buckwa, resorting to some
questionable saddle tactics, defeated tbe
Burns & Waterhouse entry by a narrow
margin in the remarkably fast time of
1:39%. Colonel Dan Burns, who is partic
ularly sweet on tbe slashing bay, was not
satisfied over the result and tbe outcome
of the affair was a match race under the
same weights and conditions ior $1000 a
side.
At their previous meeting Sloan Bat
astride Buckwa and Eddie Jones had the
leg up on Mount McGregor 11. Yester
day "Skeets" Martin piloted " Purser's
horse and Charley Thorpe knotted the
reins that guided McGregor.
The light downfall of rain ruffled the
placid smoothness of the track just a
trifle, and this, of course, was considered
detrimental to the chances of Buckwa.
So when tbe betting began the bookies
chalked 3 to 5 against him and 6 to 5
against his opponent. Later 8 to 5 was
laid against the Eastern interloper. There
was McGregor money enough to stall off a
run on the Bank of England, with a
noticeable paucity of the other end.
At the post both horses displayed a few
circus tactics ana were then sent away on
equal terms. Thorpe, evidently with
orders to hold the rail position at all
hazards, skipped away in front and set a
very merry pace. The clip did not appear
to frustrate Buckwa, for be was always
lapped on his rival's saddle girth. Al
though traveling with none too much
composure and assurance, it loosed as
though McGregor would win as the duo
swung into the stretch. This illusion,
though, was quickly dispelled. Martin,
who had been _oing up to this date under
a wrap, cut away, and. pass-tig the dash
ing bay, came sauntering in an easy win
ner in 1:40*4. Martin aad the, winner
were enthusiastically cheered as he re
turned to the stand.
Outside of tins event, which attracted
much attention, the other races ran were
very commonplace, the favorites taking
three of them. The San Pablo selling
stake for three-year-olds drew out but a
meager hold and was taken in a hard drive
by Scarf Pin.
Alvarado, the even-money^ choice, de
tained tne field at the post infthe opening
mile and a sixteenth run fori nearly half
an hour, with his acrobatic gyrations. He
finally got away well and the affair proved
a gift for him. as he won hands down irom
McLight in 1:48}-,. Sea Spray was a bang
up third. »
For the five and one-half furlong scram
ble tbat loilowed Montgomery at hrst
opened favorite, but gave way later to
F.y, which gelding was played from 3 to 2
THE "CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.' Oakland Racetrack. Saturday. January 16. Thirty-third
day of the winter meeting. Weather cloudy. Track fast. *
340
(370)
391
311
379
369
387
387
362
Alvarado, 4 105
McMgbt, a 116
Sea Spray, 5 99
Hermanns, 5 101
commission, 5 ... 89
Meadow Lark, .104
Tuxedo, a 89
Trix, a 99
Scimitar. 4 100
Nephew, a 102 1
Horse, age, weight, i St.
6
7
1
2
10
8
4
6
9
3
6%
3 WAV,
•ih 1 IVa
91 bVa
8 18 1
6 Val7H
2 h 3%
4Va «Va
7*j 10
10 QVa
.Vi
2 1%
*V»
1 n
6Va
81
Si*
7 I
91
10
1 3
3 3
2h
6 1
82
1 J 4
6 1
9 3
7h
0
1 6
2 Vi
4%
6 2
7 1
3 Va
63
84
10
9y 2
str.
He Jockeys.
13 I hnmpaon
2 VaJDoggett
3 1 R. Isom
4 h H. Mar. in
62 Clawson
62 Thorpe
7 10 Woods
8 Mitchell
9 Jones.
10 Pratt
6-5
9-2
12
3
8
8
50
40
7
100
1
4
25
4
15
20
100
400
10
300
!
Good start. Won easily. Winner, W. B. Sink's eh. g., by Amigo-Santa
Time, 1:48%.
SECOND
382
391
(391)
367
382
38
376 |
880
369
328 I
Fly. a * 107
! Quicksilver, 6.... 120
| Montgomery, 4 ..lis
Pat Murphy, 5.... 11 2
America, o 105
Contrition, 5 10ft
lAbl P, a..... 106
Favorv, 6. ........110
Gold Bus. a 112
| Wm.Pinkenon, 4.ll3
Horse, age, weight.
2
."
7
4
ft
8
10
1
6
9
23
IVa
* Vi
5 1
3 *"3
71
10
8h
96
61
2 3
12\
44
6 2
3%
7 Va
10
»Vt
9 10
64
i
I Str. Fin. I "Jocke*.
2 3 12 H. Martin
13 2 1 . Dogg'tt
3 4 310 Thorpe
ft 2 4 1 - K. 150 m.........
4 2 6 2 Clawson ..-.
7 1 6Va Thompson
i 91 7V? O- Wilson
] BVi BVa Spencer
jlO 9 3 Bozeman
|63 10 Shields
!
I Betting.
Op. CL
3
3
2
7
50
20
100
50
60
7-2
2
7-2
5-2
15
100
60
300
150
100
7-2
Good start. "Aon easily.
:07%.
Winner, Lassen stable's eh. g., by Reveille-Fusillade Last, Ti me.
THIRD RAC
purse $360.
| Betting.
Op. CL
Index.
Horse, weight-
St.
!~a~
! 3
6
6
4
1
10
9
7
8
Queen Blazes ..It 6
Flacon..'.. 110
BoadiCea .105
count of Flankers 108
Gold»n Horn filly 105
On Qua Vita 105
Duke of York .108
Twinkler.. .108
cun<t .......108
Ca'.estalc ..........110
31
23
6
4 1
6 V,
IVa
8
9
10
1 h
2 3
3h
43
53
64
tVa
8%
9
10
jones
Doggett
R. J som
•Maurbter
11. Martin
T. McHugh
Spencer
Lennessy..
Thompson
C. Mo«n...
3
5-2
10
5
40
10
8
6
4
6
7-2
6-5
8
7
10
SO
10
12
8
20
I
Good start. \ Won driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. f.. by Btazes-Oticreed. Time, :363/i.
f\i\ FOURTH KACt— Match: $1000 a side and purse of $600.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
%
384 |
372 •
Buckwa, a
|Mt McGrgr 11,4.
a
i
2
! IVa
2
1 n
2
lh
11
2
1 2
a
| H.Martin.......
Thnnu
3-2
11-20
Thorpe
Good start wl:h
:40V4-
-'on easily.
•dge stable's b. g., by Buckra-
-01.
Pablo selling stakes:
371
.171
386
339
348
166
Scarf Pin. 105
My... 95
Personne 104
Ks-.aca. ............ 100
BevdeiTlerra....loO
Alma 95
Horse, weight.
Ist.
4
5
6
1
3
2
iVa
5 tt
6
IVa
3%
2h
41
ft 5
6
lh
2b
3%
63
*6*
6
1 lVi
2h
3Va
' Str.
~" s"i
22
53
12
6
IVa
Fin.
1 ns .
23
32
45
64
6
H. Martin
R. Isom
T. McHugh....
Jockey. <
4-5
7-2
10
8
•
4
4-5
4
10
8
«
6
Thompson ......
Clawson
IS.aughter.
Poor start. Won nrivine. Winner,
:41Va- *Ccupled with Scarf Pin.
by Springbok-Imp. Emerald. Time,,
1.1.) SIXTH
purse * 400.
Index.
390 j
384
(368)
100
343
Horse, age, weight. St. Vi
Installator. 6..105 2 11
Piesioti, 5. 107% 4 th
Howard *, 3... 100 1 V?
Wheel 1-or'ne, 5 lf4V«. 6 «2
Argentina. 4... 108 3 3Vi
Imp. Ivy, a. ...103 7 iVt
! Draught, 3..... 92 5 2h
1 1
• 61
7 •
*Va
2h
6b
3Va
12
4%
6 2
53
2 1
3h
7
1 3
2%
5 6
43
3 Vi
63
7
12
IS 1
44
5 16
65
7
Thorp*
W.. Martin......
H. Martin
Hennessey
J0ne5...... .....
Spencer.
C1aw50n. ........
4
1
4 '
5
8
300
100
'4
6-5
6
9-2
300
300
"377'
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Elm»ood farm's b. h., by Imp. Brums- Installation, lime
:41.';':'S5iW*4W
i SEVENTH RACE— One and a half
i.
purse $400.
366
385
385
356
385
366
385
Fl K1,5....:.;.;v;.12
J OC, 6 ....... ...15
Ip. Autonomy, all*
Broad billow, 4.... 12
Hay marker, a. ...14
Hello, 5. ..........14
Fleetwood, 6. .....14
Horse, age, weight.
4 64
12 -'
3 13
2 3 6
7 7/
6 6Vi
6 4 li
34
2%
1 2
41
7
V* - % I Sir Fin.
43 2 1 21 1 h
12 12 12 220
210 310 |3 tt . «9r
Sl 420 410 4 a
7 53 ! & 2 5 5
6% f 2O I '20 1 6 10
6%' 7 7 - 7
Cairns
C. Weber..........
Peters.....,;
>1ayn«rd ...... ....
Wl.klns.
T. Mv phy. ;......
Campbe11..........
Jockey.
I 6<»
16 3
• 3
8
6
5-2
15
Betting.
>P- cl.
30
S
4
30
10
6-5
10
15 h
til
Good start. Won driving. Winner, Tterney & G tun's U g ; ,_hy Hiualgo- Veracity. Time, 2:49.
to 1. Quicksilver, with his 120 pounds in
the saddle, made another front run, but
Fly easily overhauled him and beat that
sprinter out easily by , two lengths in
1:08*J£. Montgomery was a good third.
i The first two-year-old race of the season
brought out a field of ten. * Will Wallace's
Falcon was played down from 5 to 2to 6
to 5 and a hard drive was downed the
shortest of heads by the Burns & Water
uouse entry, Queen Blazes, second choice
in the betting. Tbe three furlongs were
cohered in 36*J£ •seconds.
Purser's stable Key del Tierra and Scarf
Pin had a decided call in the betting in
dulged in on the San Pablo selling stake
for three-year-olds over a mile. H. Martin
on Scarf Pin went to see if Clawson on
Tierra could land the affair, which arrange
ment proved a failure, and then he
moved up.. ••Skeets" nearly waited too
long, for he arrived at the wire just in
time to get the decision from Sly by a
uose in 1:41_4. Personne, an outsider, was
a fair third.
Pat Dunne's Preston, with 105 -pounds
up, reclined an easy 6 to 5 favorite in the
betting on the mile purse event and then
finished second, Installator. a 4 to 1
chance in the betting, made the running
and turned down the favorite without
much difficulty in 1 :41. Howard 8 secured
the show trom Wheel of Fortune.
The hurdle handicap at one and a half
miles resulted in a grand surprise. In a
hard drive Fi Fi, against which 100 to 1
was at one time laid, ridden by Bob
Cairns, downed J0 C a head. Hello, the
7 to 5 choice, seemed scarcely fit, jumping
in poor fashion and was outside of the
money at the end.
NOTEs.
The Call acknowledges with thanks the
receipt of a late copy of the San Francisco
Turf Guide, published by William G.
Layne of the Breeder and Sportsman. It
is of invaluable service to the regular race
goer.
Sam Hildreth yesterday purchased Mo-
Light from John Coleman, paying $1200
for the chestnut horse.
In future at the Oakland track no train
er or owner will be allowed to handle his
horse while the field is at the post.
Clawson was reprimanded for what the
judges thought was a careless ride astride
Commission.
The following stakes are down for de
cision in the near future at lngleside
track :
The Tarpey stakes, one mile and a furlong,
selling, will be run Saturday, January 30.
The Hobart stakes, one and a sixteenth miles,
handicap,- will be run Saturday, February 6.
The lngleside stakes, a handicap, four miles,
will be run Monday, February 22.
Two-year-old races will also be run at
the local track on Tuesday, January 26;
Thursday, January 28, and Saturday," Jan
uary 30. Wednesday, January 27, wiil be
sort of "long-distance day," for the follow
ing splendid card will be offered the pub
lic: Three races of one mile, one of a
mile ami a sixteenth, one of a mile and a
furlong, and one over one a half miles.
SHE COLLECTED INTEREST.
A Lady Who Quit Even With a Seller
of Bogus .Lottery Tickets.
Mrs. Frisbie, who lives on McAllister
street, near Gough, scored a victory yes
terday over a Chinese lottery ticket seller
and drove him from tbe neighborhood.
The Chinese visited her house yesterday
morning and asked her to buy a lottery
ticket. Sue instantly recognized him as
tbe same Chinese who sold uer a bogus
ticket for $2 about a year ago. She in- ]
vited him in and placing her back against |
the front door demanded the return of j
the $2 and 50 cents interest.
Tne C.iiuese at hrst denied that he had
sold ber tbe ticket, but when she called
the servant girl and threatened to send
for a policeman he hastily gave her the j
$2 50.
"Now," said the lady, ''if I ever see you
around this neighborhood again selling
those bogu* lottery tickets I will have you
arrested. You can go now," and opening
the door the Chinese slunk away. She
was so mad tbat she threw on her water
proof and followed him. Sbe saw him
ring tbe bell of a btouse ;o__*vFell street,
and when he notice- her he ran along Oc
tavia street to Hayes and entered a liquor
store on the corner. She entered tbe store
and told the proprietor of lier experience
and the Chinese was kicked out of the
store. He then ran down Hayes street
and disappeared.
ENGLISH SUBJECTS
WILL CELEBRATE
Queen Victoria's Sixtieth
Anniversary on the
Throne.
Britishers Have Called a Meet
ing to Prepare a
Demonstration
Committee of Three From the St.
George Club Waits Upon the
British Consul.
On the 21st of Jane next Queen Victoria,
if she lives, will celebrate tbe sixtieth an
niversary of her reien as Queen of Eng
land. Her subjects in this country have
not forgotten that fact and are already
beginning ©reparations for a demonstra
tion that will exceed in glory anything
ever attempted by them in the past. Ten
years ago Queen Victoria celebrated her
golden jubilee and her subjects in this
country fittingly celebrated that event.
She holds the record of reigning longer
than any other Queen and is still in pos
session of her fuil mental capabilities. *^^
Last Saturday evening the members oil
the St. George Club of this City called a J
meeting to inaugurate plans for the com
ine demonstration.
F. D. -Brandon was appointed chairman
and Rev. William W. Bolton, F. Winter
burn and Miss Ramsey were selected as a
committee to wait upon the British Con
sul.
He promised to aid in furthering the
interests of this jubilee celebration, and
intends to call a meeting on Saturday,
February 6, at 2 o'clock, in the Maple
room of the Palace Hotel.
All British-born residents will be noti
fied to attend that meeting, so that plans
can be devised to celebrate.
The St. George Club has already issued
invitations to all British societies in this
City, including tbe Sons of St. Patrick,
and many bave responded.
In England the celebration will last an
entire month.
Not only are the Britishers in this City
expected to take an active part in tbe cel
ebration, but an effort will be made to try
and interest every Britisher in the State.
It is expected that t' ere will be a great
outpouring of Englishmen from tbo in
terior.
Britishers responded liberally at the
celebration ten years ago, and there was a
$7000 surp us. That money still remains
intact, but tbe interest derived from it bas
been used during these years for the al
leviation of distress.
It was the original intention to build a
British hospital to be named after tne
Queen, but the money was not enough ro
enable the originators to carry out their
idea.
Alter the coming celebration, if there is
any surplus, it will probably be added to
that $7000 and the Britishers will then
build tbeir hospital.
However, as there has been some dis
satisfaction in the way the other money
was utilized tbe subject will receive thor
ough consideration before being finally
decided.
OIDEE SAVED THE HOUSE.
Reminiscence of the Historic Great Fire
iv Chicago.
"A barrel of cider played a part In the
great fire quite foreign to the purpose for
which it was originally intended," said
Scott Fergus, who was in a reminiscent
mood, the other afternoon.
The Fergus family has lived in the city
ever since it was worthy of a name, and
the exciting incidents of the fire of 1871
have remained fresh in the memory of
Scott Fergus. He leaned back in his chair
in the Fergus Printing Company's office
and slowly stroked his beard, while hit
face assumed the benign expression at
tendant on the recollection of a good siory. .
After a few moments, occupied in an ap
parent study of the ceiling, he said:
"In 1871 there was on Grant street, in
North Chicago, a small frame dwelling
house, perhaps a little further removed
from its neighbors than they were from
each other and set back from the street
about twenty feet. I do not know whether
it is still standing or not, nor do I remem
ber its number, but it stood there a couple
of years ago, like the relic it was. On
October 9 the man who owned, the place —
his name I have also forgotten — saw the
fire was headed his way and knew that
the little house would soon, like thou
sands of others, be wrapped in flames.
From its comparative seclusion the
thought entere t his mind that there
might be a fighting chance of saving
the place if only he hail a surp'y of water.
He had resolved to move his family, as
the neighbors all round him were doing,
and save what they could carry, when he
remembered that in the cellar was a barrel
of cider, which they had purchased Tor
their regalement during the long winter
evenings. He would use that. Qui.kly
removing the liquid from its cold storage
place, he gave dippers and other contain
ers to the different members of the house
hold and instructed them to watch tor
every little blaze. The resolute band of
little firemen and tirewoman worked and
watched, and while every house for blocks
on every side became the prey of the \
flames, this home was saved — and that by
a mere barrel of cider." — Chicago News, j
— ■» — r
A chain was made at Troy, N. V., in
1883, for the United Stales Government
which was a little over six miles in length.
It was made of iron bars two and a half
inches in diameter.
! _•-. NEW TO-DAT
FREE TO Wiil
THE METHOD OF A GREAT TREATMENT
FOR WEAK.. _SS OF IDL
WHICH < URED HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILED.
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
man is slowly wasting away wita nervous
weakness the mental forebodings are ten
times worse than the mo severe pain. There
is no let up to the mental suffering day or
night. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. For years the writer tolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until it was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubies. But providential inspiration
came to his aid In the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the general health, but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, una
he now declares that any man who will take
the trouble to send bis name and a.'dress may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free. Now. when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience. •_•;_,
lam not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men J
suffering the mental tortures of weakened/
manhood who would be cured at onca could/
they but get such a remedy as the one that
cured me. Do not try to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mall the information, but send for it an
learn that there are a few things on ear.
that, although they cost nothing to get, ate
worth a lortune to some men and meau a' life-
time of nappiness to most oi us. Wrl'e to
Thomas Slater, box 2283, Kalamazoo. Mich.,
and the Information will be mailed in a plain
sealed envelope.THE CROWLEYS
MAY SOON WED
Two Pretty Children Helped
to Reconcile the
Parties.
Small Incidents That Were
Greatly Magnified Have
Been Reconsidered.
Mrs. Crowley's Musical Ability Is
Receiving Words <f Praia's From
All Parts.
Oakland Office "-"an* Fkancisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Jan. 16. ,
; Within a few weeks society is expecting
to learn the date of the marriage of D*.
and Mrs. Alma Crowley. The events of a
few mouths ago which resulted so unhap
pily for both of them have been viewed
in a new light, and for some time past It
has been known that Dr. and Mrs. Crow-
DR. AND MRS. ALMA CROWLEY.
ley bad renewed their friendship and had
decided to forget the recent unpleasant
chapter in their history.
Unfortunately a _ real deal of weight
was attached to a few trifling incidents,
which were so magnified that irreparable
damage was done before it was realized.
In a great measure the link wnich will
again unite the doctor and his wife has
been forged by their pretty children, of
which both are notably fond. S nee the
proceedings in court not a day has passed
that the doctor has not visited his little
ones, and this did not continue long be
fore there was evidence of a desire on the
part of all concerned to reconsider the
events of a few months ago. This has
gradually strengthened until what for
merly appeared as being grave in its
character is now seen to have been largely
the result of an unhappy mistake toward
the commission of which circumstances
teemed to be unkind. __T__S.
.Had it not been for the interference of
others it is probable tbat a reconciliation
rhieht have been affected long ago, for
there is no doubt that so far as they are
individually concerned their former ex
perience is a dead letter. -.--.*
.airs. Alma Crowley is well known as
one of California's musical composers.
Two of her lullabys, "This Little Story
Always New," and "Sleep My Child," be
ing especially pretty. Two well-known
ballads are also of her authorship. "In
the Valley," and "My Sweet Forget Me
Not," being among the best known of
Colifornian songs.
•Her sacred song, "How They Softly
Rest," posses-sea marked merit and feel
ing that has won its composer words of
praise from many parts oi the country.
Dr. Crowley is one of the leading medi
cal men in the county and is considered
to be quite wealthy.
CANDIDATES EVERYWHERE
But Auditor Snow Keeps Them
All Perched on the Anx- --
ious Seat.
f_
'If There Be a Slate at All Its Make-
Up Is B.ing Kept Very
Secret.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
, 908 Broadway, Jan. 16. )
The list of delegates to the Republican
Municipal Convention which was pub
lished tbis morning has given politicians
lots of material for thought. It is gener
ally thought that the selection is a good
one, and that the convention cannot fail
to put up a winning ticket.
Many factions are represented in the
various delegations, ana it does not seem
possible for any . independent Repub
lican movement to be organized. Since
the names were made known' embryo
candidates have been very busy present
ing their claims for the convention next
Monday night, and little time was left to
do the buttonholing trick. The report
that the Liquor-dealers' Association had
decided to take a band in the election in
opposition to tbe regular Repubican
ticket was denied to-aay by W. M. Wat
eon, a member of the executive committee
of the association.
He said tbere is no foundation for such
talk, and that the liquor men have not
taken any action whatever.
The appearance of the name of Council
i man Manuel among the list of delegates
I created a mild surprise, as it was thought
I that Manuel wished to succeed himself,
laud the rule was made some time ago
That no delegates should be candidates.
Mi. Manuel says be is tired of politics.
"No matter how honest a man may be,"
said he, "and how sincere in his efforts to
promote the good of the community, it
seems to be bis fate in this city to be
pelted with mud and be maliciously
maligned until he retire in disgust.''
The central figure among the candidates
is Auditor Snow. He has been sitting on
the fence for two weeks, and even to-day
cannot make up his mind whether he wiil
run for Mayor or to succeed himself. . He
said this afternoon that if he were to serve
the city two years more he would prefer to
do the work of Auditor, but if the con
vention conclude that he should he their
candidate lor Mayor he could not refuse.
His mdfcision is keeping many on the
anxious seat, for there i-< no doubt that
Mr. Snow will receive one nomination,
though no one can tell at present just
which one.
W. K. Thomas, who was at one time
Chief of Police, has been proposed by the
powerful Army and Navy' Republican
League for Mayor, and should Mr. Snow
not receive the nomination the choice
would be between Thomas and Council
man Towle. For Auditor fully a dozen
candidates are in the field. This after
noon a boom was started for N. W. Spald
ing Jr., and it was stated to-night that he
had nearly enough votes promised to in
sure his nomination. He has, -owever,
much competition from W. H. Friend, G.
C. Kaufman and City ClQrk Tompkins.
No one has yet been heard of for City At
torney except Councilman Dow of East
Oakland.
Judging by the personnel of the conven
tion, it would appear to favor the chances
of Ross Morgan for City Engineer rather
than of Mr. Wilson, but during his two
years in the office City En ineer Wilson
has made a host of friends, who may. de
mand tis re no rain
For City Treasurer Zach Gilpin will
probably be put up to succeed himself.
Many names have been put forward for
Councilmen, but it cannot be said with
any degree of certainty who will be nomi
nated.
Major Fred E. Whittle who has long
been famou* for his cej>brsted stories of
i Ja an, would like to tea Councilman-at-
I Luge, and if he can persuade enough dele-
I gates that be is really in earnest in his
|. desire he will probably secure one of the
nominations.
Tne candidates for the Board of Educa
tion are as numerous as those for Council
men, ln the Third Ward there are half a
dozen candidates, ot whom Dr. Myra
Knox is probably the best known. In the
Seventh Ward no one can be said to be in
the fight except Kenneth M. Hayden. He
has the supi ort of the powerful Young
Men's Republican Club of that ward,
which should be sufficient to insure his
nomination. HjM
J. W. Evans would like to be a director
at-large, but from mary of the wards
there are really no prominent candidates.
There is a possibility still existing that
tbere may be some programme in regard to
the Council that has not yet been made
public. In view of this, it will not be sur
prising if some name hitherto not thought
of should be put in nomination for the
city government. Since the appointment
of the committee of twenty-one which
was in itself a great surprise, there
have been several minor surprises, and
next Monday evening some of the very
shrewdest gnessers may find their judg
ment very much at fault. .
POPULIST . CONVENTION.
May Adopt a Plan to Break Up Com
binations.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.— The Popu
: lists will hold their municipal convention
| at Kohler & Chase Hall on Monday even-
I ing. The convention will consist of
sixty-three members, nine delegates being
I allotted to each ward.
It is probable that a new plan will be
I followed in making their nominations. It
is proposed that all the candidates shall
be put in nomination be.ore any ballot is
j taken. The candidates' names would then
i be voted en all at once, and no combina
j tions would be possible.
A Chil l Takes Carbolic Acid.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16. — Ethylyn
Day, 18 months old, got hold of a bottle of
carbolic acid this morning. She dranK a
portion of it before being discovered, and
when taken to the Receiving Hospital it
was found that although her mouth was
severely burned, very little of the poison
had been swallowed. Her life will prob
ably be saved.
Carnival of Authors.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.— The car
nival oi author-, which will be given at
Ebell Hail under the auspices of the Uni
tarian Churcn, is to be a very elaborate
social affair. The committee on arrange
ments consists of Walt r Wilcox, Mrs.
E. A. Kluegel, Mrs. E. 8. Gray, Miss
Georgie Cope, George Evans, George
Meredith.
Scavengers on Strike.
.OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.— The scav
engers issued a no. ice to-day that they
would positively strike to-night and will
not collect any more garbage until they
arrange mote satisfactory terms with the
crematory company. No trouble is an
ticipated, however, as the company is pre
pared lo do all the collecting.
Farmers' Institute..
OAKLAND. Cal., Jan. 16.— The State
Farmers'lpstitute, under the auspices of
the California University, will open at
Livermore next Monday. The programme
has already been published. '•/;■
BERTHA IS RECOVERING.
The Haven-Torris Ffght Wa. Not Over
Uer Letter. ":"^' ,: A' : -
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.— Miss Bertha
Hoeper is gradually recovering from the
effects of her self-inflicted bullet wound at
the Receiving Hospital.
' Henry Haven, a respectable young man
living at Fruitvaie, says be was not right
ly treated by bis friend who reported the
cattle of his fight last Monday night with
Ray Torris.
"It is well known that Miss Hoeper and
I were acquainted." said Mr. Haven -this
afternoon, "and I understand that she
wrote a letter to me before shooting her
self. However, this ■ has nothing to do
with Mr. Torris, who fought with me
merely for pastime before the firemen of
East Oakland. Ido not think Mr. Torris
knows the young lady at all, and certainly
sue was not the cause of our fight."
-__mnii-iiii-i-_-n-ii_i ni 'i i nia i.mirirafTm.l-TTrrTH -Til"" "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
A KENTUCKIAN
ASK PROTECTION
What Mr. Rutherford Heard
About Tariff
Reform.
Startling Figures Regarding the
Beet Sugar Industry .in
This State.
The South Has Come to Reality That
Its Interests Are the Same
as in the North-
Oakland Office San Fkancisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Jan. 16. J
William Rutherford, who has been
superintendent ol the California Cotton
mills since they were opened, returned
last night from a trip East, whither he
went to give his testimony before the
Congressional Committee that is silting
at Washington taking testimony with a
view to tariff reioriu.
Very interesting is the story told by Mr.
Rutherford of the starving laborers and
bankrupt capitalists, who dally appeared
before that committee and prayed for re
lief by having their industries protected.
"Ihere are some remarkable things," said
Mr. Rutherford to-day, "that came under
the notice of tbat committee and Califor
nia was well represented. People who
are practically informed of the borax,
fruit, cotton, sugar and other industries
in tbis State were present and showed in
the plainest manner that it is impossible
for them to compete in tbe open market
and pay decent wages to American labor
ers, while the manufactured goods frcm
countries where 60 cents a day is a high
salary, can enter this country practically
Iree from duty.
"The sessions were very serious affairs
and presented a strange contrast to the
noisy arguments made from platforms
during the campaign. The members of
the committee realized that statesman
ship, not politics, could alone give relief,
and they were daily surprised at much of
the testimony that was placed before
them. "4»__S
"Some highly interesting data were pro
duced in support of a protective duty on
sugar, and the committee expressed some
surprise as they realized the importance
of tne question. It was proved that 360.
--000 acres ol land in California can produce
annually 1,000,000 tons of sugar at a less
cost of production tnan in any other State
in tbe Union. In Louisiana for the same
cost the same am unt could not be raised
from either cane or beets. Beet sugar is
now being made in Missouri, Nebraska,
Utah, Michigan and Wisconsin, but no
where are the same results obtained as in
California.
"With a small protection to the sugar
industry 1,000,000 tons more could be
made in this Slate with exactly the same
conditions that exist at Alvarado and
Chino, and this would give employment
to 80,000 men and keep at home $ 100,
--000,0.0. The committee, I am sure, real
ized that protection to sugar and other
industries is essential to the Nation's
prosperity.
"Another great point that was clearly
demonstrated is this: That the agricul
turists and the manufacturers must work
•hand in hand for protection. The beet
grower was convinced that his interests
depended on the protection of the manu
factured sugar, and the cotton-grower ad
mitted that his success depended on the
protection of the manufacture of cotton
goods. This point was driven home, and
it was certainly strange to see the South
ern farmer making an argument in favor
ol protection.
"Forthe first time in history Southern
Democrats appeared before a ways and
means committee and argued that their
future depended on a policy of protection.
General heeler was a member of the
committee. He is a Southern general,
and he presented an interesting figure as
he asked questions of Keutuckians, whose
answers clearly showed that they want
protection.
"The cotton men showed that it is im
possible under the existing tariff condi
tions to manufacture finer fabrics, such as
sateens, silk-delaines, line thread and yarns
in competition with Germany, because
there was so much labor attached to them
that they were beaten in the' market.
Freight on a ton of goods irom Europe to
this country is about $_! a ton, so that with
free trade a German miil might almost as
well be located in this country.
"Of course, the advocates of free silver
were there. They ar ued in favor of a
tariff absolutely prohibitory against those
countries who would not accept the silver
basis. They were very few, however, who
argued in ihat strain, for the tar com
mission is handling a very grave question,
and not making a political campaign. It
is surprising to note the great numbers of
Southern people who realize that protec
tion means life to their industries. This
is the result of a very natural law. When
the standard of living was not so high in
the South as in the -North they did not
realize that they were suffering from com
petition from cheap labor; but now that
the South has developed so much as it has
done during the past twenty years condi
tions are diff rent, and the Soutb and the
North are alike awake to the fact that their
very life depends on united action for
protection."^ .
ONE PLACE NOT COURTED.
Baseball Manager's Duties Do Not
Seem to Be Popular at the State
University.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 16— resig
nation of A. F. Williams from the .posi
tion of baseball manager at the university
is the third that has occurred in succes
sion. Williams has only held the place
a few mouths, having succeeded P. B.
Miller, who resigned twice, his first resig
nation not being accepted by the Athletic
Association. Before Miller William N.
Friend was manager of Berkeley's inter
ests on the diamond and he also became
tired of the position.' *
The job handling the business side
of baseball affairs, which was once one of
the great cobege offices, has come to be
regarded quite differently now, since foot
ball knocked out the National game and
since the "U. C. baseball hoodoo" came
into existence. A financial deficit and a
defeat at the bands of Stanford have been
the too regular results of baseball seasons
at Berkeley, and now there is no very
active canvass of candidates who are
anxious to succeed Williams.
/ Visiting Preachers. H
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 16.— Bishop J.
P. Newman will preach to-morrow morn
ing at Trinity Methodist Church. In the
evening Professor Lloyd of the Pacific
Theological Seminary will preach on "The
Inspiration of Scripture From a New Tes
tament Standpoint." At the Unitarian
church the Rev. A. J. Wells of San Fran
cisco will preach in tbe morning on "The
Unity of God and Man." The Rev. W.
Landon, D.D., of the San Francisco Theo
logical Seminary, will occupy the pulpit,
both morning and evening, of the South
Berkeley Church, in Ash by Hall. V
-' Singers. vs. Foot list ■_
. BERKELEY, 'Cal., Jan." 16.— The foot
ball team of the university has challenged
the Glee Club to play a game of baseball
i . sm. am if iniftiiiniiiiiiT.i-.ri iii> foirl 'i i .i .Ti.iii' T i-.n.il
on the campus on Saturday afternoon;
January 30.' The challenge was immedi
ately accepted. .-V ,-
Now Buildings .Erected.
BERKELEY, ' Cal.,- Jan. 16.— Records
kept by 'Sanitary Inspector Frank P.
.Thompson,.** who examines every new
building erected in the town, show that
118 new buildings, principally residence-,
were constructed in Berkeley during 1896.
The total amount spent for the new struc
tures was over $25,000.
WELCOMED HOME.
Reception to Mr. an.l Mrs. Phillips
After Their Wedding Tour.
OAKLAND. Cal., '.'; Jan. 16. —Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. Phillips, who recently returned
to the Phillips residence in East Oakland,
gave a brilliant reception this afternoon.
It is the first rime local society has met
them since their marriage in New York
last November, the news of which came
as a great surprise.
Over 400 invitations were extended, and
durintr the reception hours the house was
crowded with guests.
For several days decorators and florists
have been at work in the large parlors and
reception-room, and the scene this after
noon was exquisite. Several statues
brought from Italy figured prominently in
the decorations.
Mrs. Phillips, who was formerly Mrs.
Henry Martin, received the guests, who
were presented to Ler by her step
daughter, Mrs. Irving Lswis. Other
ladies who assisted in • receiving were:
Mrs. F. M. Smith. Mrs. A. A. M ore,' Mrs.
Harry Hinckley, Mrs. Gordon Stolp, Mrs.
PedarSather, Miss Kathryn ihabot, Mi-s
Elizabeth Meehan, Miss Sinclair. Miss
. artherin Harrub, Miss Florence Brown,
Miss Ethel Moore, Mrs. Charles S amore
and Mrs. Annie Campbell of Sacramento.
CHURCH THEATRICALS.
'Opposition to That Method of
Raising Money" in
Alameda.
The R_v. F S. Brush Will Ask His
Christian Endeavor Society to
Abandon Them.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 16.— The Rev. F.
S. Brush, pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church, will request the Christian En
deavor Society of his church to give up
the idea of a farce, for which they have
been rehearsing for the past month. The
social committee, Joseph Falkingham
chairman, conceived the idea that a play
presented in the cburch parlors wonld be
a good way to raise funds for the pay
ment of the amount pledged to the San
Francises convention expenses. He did
not ask his pastor's advice, but went
ahead and made all of the necessary ar
rangement!?, and set the date early in Feb
ruary.
To-morrow Mr. Brush will ask Mr.
FalKingham to call the plans oil and give
up the idea. The pastor will tell the com
mittee that he does* not approve of such
things in the church. No word of warn
ing has been given the young people, who
will be naturally surprised at a veto com-
THE REV. F. S. BRUSH*
ing at so late a date to their plans. The
active tight recently made in East Oakland
by the Rev. Robert Whittaker has had its
effects in this City.
"lam opposed to church fairs, bazaars
and theatricals," said Mr. Brush to a Call
representative, "and always have been. I
shall see Mr. Falkingham Sunday and ask
him to give up tne idea. I favor good
social times when members and outsiders
can get together, but I see nothing to
commend theatrical performances lor the
churches.
To Protect Homing Pigeons. ,
ALAMEDA.. Cal., Jan. 16.— At the re
quest of Theo. Levdecker, City Attorney
E. K. Taylor has drafted a bill, to be pre
sented to the Legislature, for the protec
tion of Antwerp or homing pigeons. Dur
ing the past month Mr. Leydecker has
lost many valuable birds by hunters.
investigated Francks. '
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 16.— The Trus
tees held a secret session last evening to
"inquire into the charges made by the
Anti-Saloon League against "A. Francks'
saloon. R. F. and R.H. Fullmer, lather
and brother of one of .the girls whom
Francks is accused of Bel line liquor to, A.
Francks, Frank and E. K. /Taylor, E.
Nusoaumer and several of the Anti-
Saloon League members were present.
•v 1 Brotherhood Dinner.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 16.— Broth
erhood of Andrew and Philip of the First
Congregational- st Church will give their
annual dinner in the church parlors Tues
day evening, January 29. ;
Alameda City Notes. .
The Whldden Hose Company will cross bats
with the Sherman Hose Company to-morrow
on the West End cricket grouud. '_ .'■•.;
Veterinarian Carpenter has begun the scien
tific examination ot lhe water used in * the va
rious dairies for drinking and ordinary pur
poses. *;.':.;-" -'-■':. ; * i' : . '.''■'"■:'' *". ' w' : _
•* The boys of the avenue engine-nouse
have taken up floriculture for a pastime. .
\ "From .loppa to Jericho" will be the theme of
Haskett Smith's • lecture on Tuesday evening
at Liaderiaau's Opera-house.
Answers to Correspondents.
No Presidential Vote— o. ' S., City. - The
City of Washington, D. C, has no Presidential
■vote. _--■■,; "_______" " '
Holographic Will— D. P., City. 'In the State
of California a holographic will does not need
to be witnessed. -' . .
Steelheads— A Looker-on, Point Reyes,
Marin County. It is not legal to cast nets in
Tomales Bay nor anywhere else for steelheads.
■[■ La- Loie Fuller's Sister— City. Mollie
Fuller, who has been performing at the Or
pheum, is a sister of La __oie Fuller, the cele
brated serpentine aancer.
Commercial Travelers— W. K. 8., City. It
is estimated that the numberof commercial
travelers in the United Stales is 220,000, and
it may exceed thai figure. •
To the Park— E. G. 8., Alameda, ■ Cal. v The
distance from the ferry in San Francisco to the
entrance to Golden Gate Park via Market and
Haight streets is 20,400 feet.
A Sister-in-Law — Arbor, City. There is
nothing in the laws governing the Episcopal
cburch that prohibits a widower from marry
ing the sister of his deceased wife.
A Decision— H. H., City. The decision by
Judge McKeuna was published in The Call on
the same day that the paragraph in "City News
in Brief "appeared. Seek and you will find.
Two Commercial Cities— C F. C, City. The
figures on imports and exports of Genoa,
Italy, are not very recent, but these show that
San Francisco stands 'first as a commercial
city. . _ - . """" - : ': : rA- : ,~-
Hopkins Art Institute -J. W., City. The
building on the corner of Mason and Califor
nia streets-. n which is located what is known
as the Hopkins Institute of Art was donated
ior the purpose for which it is now used by
Edward F. Searles. .
A Lost Note— H.H., City. If a man takes a
promissory note from another, loses it, and
the other learning of this refuses to pay, the
one who held the note would have to sue and
11 he nad witnesses who saw the note before
its loss their, testimony would be valuable in
establishing the claim.
Archbishop Riordan— C P., Marine Bar
racks, Mare Island, Cal. Archbishop Riordan
is a native of the city of Chicago. The other
person named in your communication -was
asked for the name of place of birth, and the
reply was that ihere was no desire to make
it public. For that reason the information
cannot be given. __ \ j
Deserter— S., City. If an English raan-o'
war's mail deserts at any port in the United
States ne cannot be apprehended and returned
to his vessel, as there is no treaty on that
point between the United States and Great
Britain. Tne same rule applies to deserters
from the American navy on the Englisn side
for the same reason. -
Air Ship— S. W. W., Benicia, Cal. "What has
become o. the air snip?" Gone to Cuba. "Has
it been withdrawn from circulation among
the planets?" No. "Are lhe attorneys busy
patenting it?" The attorneys are still busy*
with the patent papers. "What has become of
the m-cnine that fell among the hills?" That
was a "fake," intended to be used for advertis
ing purposes.
A Minor's Contract -W. D., City. In law a
minor is au iuiant. The contracts of an infant
are, as a rule, voidable— that is to say they
cannot be enforced against him during the
term of his infancy, but may be ratified by
bim after he becomes of legal age. Only tho
infant or the lawful representative, the guar
dian, can avoid the contract on that ground.
This applies to male and female infants.
Japanese— S., City. The number of Japa
nese in the City of San Francisco varies with
the seasons and the - demand lor labor. In the
district including California, Nevada, Utan
and New Mexico the number is about 6000.
In San Francisco there are about 2000 during
the summer months and from 2500 to 2800
during the winter months. During the sum
mer months a portion of the colony goes into
the country to work on farms.
Walking to the Cliff— A. C, City. There
are two roads to reach the Cliff House afoot
from the City Hall. ' One "is by way of Mc-
A lister street to Fell, then along the main
drive through the park and thence along the
ocean highway to the point of destination.
That way tne distcnce is 33.600 feet. The
other is along Hyde street from the City Hall
to G ar. street to Point Lobos avenue and
out the avenue to the cliff. The distance that
way is 29,200 feet.
The Anotype Process— N. 0., Berkeley,
Cal. The anotype or carbon process of pre
paring photographs is one for which there are
many formulas. These may be found in mag
azines and other publications that are devoted
to photography.- The process is not more dif
ficult to learn than any other branch of the
art, but much depeuds upon the aptitude of
the person learning. In order to learn this
process one should have some knowledge of
photography.: There are ■ several galleries in
Han Francisco that use the process. IT* «"_!*';-
Depth of Ocean— L. 'J. M., City. How far
down a 100-pound shot will sink if .thrown
into the ocean is a question that cannot be
answered in a general way, as there is a differ
ence as to density of the water in various por
tions and under various conditions. The sink
ing of a solid body is subject to the law of dis
placement, that i.s the material si nits to a level
where the pressure of the, liquid displaced is
sufficient to counterbalance its weight. -It has
noi vet been determined how deep it is to the
bottom of the ocean. The greatest depth ever
sounded lies in the Pacific Ocean off the coast
of Japan, where the wire of the, .ouu ding ap
paratus of the surveying ship Penguin in 1895
broke at 4900 fathoms (about six miles). Tue
deepest previous cast had been 4655 fathoms.
*'; HUSBAND and Wife— H. H., City. There . are
particular relations In, which, it is the policy
of the law to encourage confidence and to pre
serve it inviolate; therefore Ia | person cannot
be . examined . as 'a witness 'in. ' a .^num
ber "of cases laid down. * in".* the
Code of _ Civil ..-; Procedure. :. : Section -_i. of
paragraph 18- 1' __.>•_: "A husband cannot be
examined for or against his wife without her
consent; nor a wife for or agaiust her husband
without his consent. Nor can either during
the marriage or • afterward - be, without ! the
consent of the other, examined as to any com
munication made by one to the other during
marriage; but this exception does not apply
to a civil action or proceeding by one against
the other, nor to a criminal action or proceed,
ing for a crime committed by one against the
other." , . ■ _..;•;
"The Golden Arm"— A. c. D., Oakland, Cal.
There are thousands of poems and pieces of
verse that are published and are copied from
one paper into another, but there are compar
atively few that find their way into books of
reference, and for that reason it is at times im
possible to trace such. This correspondent
wants to know in what publication there ap
peared a poem entitled the "Golden Arm."
It refers to a miner who lived in a lonely cabin
in one of the Western states and had amassed
a fortune, but being afraid of banks, melted
his go.d in the shape of au arm and wore it
fastened to his shoulder. One night two trav
elers, who learned of his secret, murdered
him and robbed him, and then the robbers
quarreled ami one killed the other. Any
reader who can furnish the Information will
oblige the correspondent and this department.
Defender and Valkyrie— G. P. D., City.
The following is the official measurement of
the yachts Defender and Valkyrie, certified to
by Measurer John Hyslop September 6, 1895.
Length, waterilue
Base line
Forward of foremast to forward
Ini of measurement..:
Extreme iengib of spinnaker
boom
Main gaff
Topmast....
One-flrthof topmas*.
Perpendicular height '....
Squ re root of sail area
Kacln glei.gth
88 45
181.79
73.55
78.05
73.36
64 95
67.42
45.94
125.48
112.26
100,36
78.94
59-60
55.98
44.78
129 80
114.14
101.49
Unofficial figures give the beam of the De
fender 23.03 aud draught 19.06. The sail area
in square teet was: Defender, 12,602.30; Val
kyrie, 13,027.93. The time allowance to the
Defender was 29 1-10 -econds. *
Federal Court Practice — Inquirer, City.
The following is the United States law in the
matter ot drawing grand and petit jurors for
the Federal courts:
All jurors, grand and petit. Including those sum-,
moned during the sess on of the court, shall be
public y drawn from a box contain at the time
of lhe drawing tbe names of not less than SOU per
sons, possessing the qualifications prescribed by sec
tion BUO of tin- revised statutes, wnich names shad
have been placed i,.er*Tn by the clerk of such court
and a i ommissioner to be appointed by the Judge
thereof, which commissioner snail be acuizen of
gocd standing in the d a rict in which such court Is
held, and a well-known member, of the principal
political party In the district in which the court Is
held oppos.tig that to which tbe cie k may be.oag.
the clerk and said commissioner to plac- one
name in said box alternately, wi.hout reference to
party affiliations v < til the whole number required
shall be placed .herein.
Bui nothing heren c ntalned shall be considered
to prevent auy ju ge from ordering the names of
jurors. from the loxegu.ed by the Slate authori
ty s iv selecting the highest courts of the State.
The practice of the Federal courts of this
district is to take jurors, not from the extreme
northern and southern limits of the district
on account of the luconveuien.e they would
.be put to, but to take them from the counties
nearest ihe central point, namely, San Fran
cisco, Marin, Contra Costa, Alameda and Santa
Clara counties. It is not the practice of the
courts to draw names from the State box.
Capital Punishment— E. B. M.. Cle-E.um,
Kititas . County, Wash. Under the laws of the
United States the death penalty may be in
flicted for the following crimes: Treason, mur
der, arson of a dwelling, rape, piracy, robbery
of mails (if endangering the lives ofpersons in
charge), rescue of a convict on the way to
suffer the death penalty, burning a United
States war vessel and corruptly destroying a
private vessel. Tue only States in which the
death penalty is forbidden by law are Rhode
Island, Maine and Wisconsin, In Rhode Island
the only alternative is imprisonment for life.
The death penalty is inflicted in every State in
the Union for murder except in the three
named. In Louisiana it is inflicted for rape,
assault with intent to kill, administering
poison, arson and burglary; in Alabama, for
rape, arson and robbery; in Delaware and
Nortb Carolina, for rape, arson and burglary;
in Georgia, for rape, mayhem and arson; in
Missouri, for perjury aud rape; In Virginia,
West Virginia, South Carolina and Mississippi,
for rape and arson; in Florida, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Texas and Arkansas, for rape; in
Montana, for arson of dwelling by night; in
Maryland, for any variety of arson. The
death penalty is inflicted in New York and
Ohio now by means ot electricity.
Mexican Constitution— B. H. S., Berkeley,
Cal. The Republic of Mexico has a written
constitution which was adopted' February 5,
1857, and with subsequent modification is
the constitution of that country to-day. By
its terms Mexico is declared a federalist repub
lic, divided into States— nineteen at the out
set, but now twenty-seven— two territories and
the federal district, each of whicn has a right
to manage its own local affairs, while the
whoie is bound in one body politic by funda
mental and constitutional laws. .The powers
of the supreme government are vested in a Con
gress, consisting of a House of Representatives
and a Senate, which is the legislative branch ;
then tuere is the judicial branch and
the executive branch, which is vested
in ' tbe Piesident. The representatives
are elected by the suffrages .of all
the respectable male adults, at the rate of one
for 40,000 inhabitants; they hold office for two
years and t.e qua.ifications are that each
must be 25 years of age and must be a resi
dent of the State. The Senate is composed of
two members from each State. No one can be
a Senator who is not 30 years of age. The
salary of the members of each house is $3000
a year. The President is elected by electors
popularly chosen at a general election; he
holds office for lour years and according t > an
amendment to the constitution in 1887 he
may be elected for two consecutive terms of
four years each. In the event of a vacancy in
the Presidency, otherwise than by lap.c of
time, the succession is vested in the president
and vice-president of the Senate and in the
chairman of the standing committee of Con
gress, successively. Congress has to meet
annually from April 1 to May 30, and from
September 16. to December 15, and a perma
nent committee of both houses sits during the
recess. - .-• - ;-w'i -
Ship Terms— E. W. L., Suisun, Solano County,
Cal. Tonnage is the capacity of a ship expressed
in register tons of 100 cubic feet, the register
ton being the unit on which port and other
charges are levied. Prior to 1865 the rule fol
lowed in the United Slates in computing the
tonnage of vessels was to multiply the extreme
length, less one-third the breadth, by the
breadth and the dep h respectively and then
to divide by 95. .In 1865 the British system,
with modifications, was adopted. In the new
system actual measurements are made at cer
tain intervals along what is called the tonnage
deck (1. c., the second deck. from below in all
vessels of more than two decks, and the upper
deck in all other vessels), the numberof which
depends on the total length of the vessel as
measured along that deck, with a length of 50
feet, six depth measurements are made, and so
on through the six classes into which vessels
are divided according to length.' At each of
these points transverse areas are computed
and set down in feet and decimals of a foot.
These, except the first and last, are then mul
tiplied by certain numbers (4 for the even
numbers, counting from the bow, and 2 for the
odd) the sum ot the products added to the sum
of first and' last transverse areas (if any); tue
total is multiplied by oue-ihird the common
distance between areas, and then divid. d by
100. That represents the register tonnage.be
low the tonnage deck. To obtain the gross
tonnage it is necessary to add the cubic con
tent of all spaces above the tonnage deck, the
poop,* if any, deckhouses, etc. This is ascer
tained by multiplying tne horizontal area of
such spaces by tue mean height and dividing
by 100 as before. ' In steamships it is custom
ary to deduct the cube content of the engine
room and the space . occupied by the *crew
shatt, etc. Displacement is the quantity, of
liquid which is displaced by a solid body
placed in it. If the weight of the displace
ment is greater than or equal to that oi th*
body the latter will float, ii less it will sink to
the bottom. A buoyant material sinks to a
level where the pressure of th • liquid displaced
is sufficient to counterbalance its weight. The
term is most frequently used in connection
with ships.as a ship of 3000 tons displacement
.Displacement tonnage is found in ; the same
way as register tonnage, except that measure
ments are made not along and from the -ton
nage deck, but irom the load water line, and
the final cubic content is divided by 35. Tons
burden refers to tbe quantity or number of
tons of freight a vessel will carry, as a ship of
600 tons burden. . Custom house . measure
ment is the measurement taken by. the cus
toms officers to . verify the statements . in a
ship's manifest. .. -'.- .. ■• - •
San Diego Rowing Club— F. C, Oakland, Cal.
The following is a history, of the Columbia
Rowing ClubofS.n Diego: It was organized
in September, 1894, ana the foliowing-named
ladles were the original members: Jessie
Haight (captain), Minnie Bostrom, " * Lottie
Haight, Alys Prlco, Clara Pearson, Minnie Bos
trom, Lottie Haight and Effle Tuttle. , Only
three cl these ere 'now 'connected ' with the
Club. The club used a email six-oared boat for
Auction Sales
AU.I WALE.
By Order
fe ° F _£*
Assignee at trie • ew York Stables, SOT
Je.ile Street, Above Sixth,
We will sell to the highest bidder, Thursday, Janu-
ary 21, ac 11 a. x., 1 pair Bay Horses: 1 Double
1 am ss, Rob , Whip and B i»n_* I : Brewster
Bug^y, l ole and shaft!; aso 3 good Businesi
• Horiea; 3 Top Bu_gies; 2 Open Buggies: 1
Grocery Waeon, 1 top .Laundry Wagon 1 Top
Bockaway. 1 Butcher Cart: 7 sets single Har-
ness: also a cent.c Pony, for lady or boy to
drive or ride. This stock cau be seen after
'l uesday, January 19. 1b97, a. d must be so.d
without reserve or limit.
M. J. McBRIDB. Auctioneer.
nearly six months, and in February, 1895, the
ladies secured the use of the six-oared barge
owned by the men's rowing club of San Diego.
This boat is of cedar, 37 feet long and 4 feet 2
inches wide. It has stationary seats, and the
oars are thirteen feet long aud have wide
spoon blades. The club devotes two days of
each week to rowing, and any member who Is
absent from any cause hut sickness is fined
10 cents. On Max 30, 1895, the members of
the club distinguished themselves by pulling
across the bay of San Diego aud into the ocean
as far as the canbuoy anu back. The distance,
fifteen miles, was made in four and a half
hours, including half an hour's rest. This
pull took the record for long-distance rowing by
young women. Since then the club has made
the trip several times, and it frequently
rows to Ballast Point, a distance of
six miles, with from twelve to six
teen persons la the boat, and thinks
nothing of the pull. The members of tha
club have practiced a long, swinging stroke
for long-distance pulling, and they find that
they can row a loug time that way without
tiring. The club colors are blue and white.
/The crew wear blue caps with the word
Columbia on the front, b-ue sweaters with
wide sailor collars, trimmed with, white
stripes, and the blue skirts ihey wear reach to
within three inches of the ground. The cap*
tain wears a blue skirt, reefer jacket and a
commodore's blue cap with white lettering.
The club's call is:
'Bab, 'rah! Ha, ha, white!
■'. /, Columbia. Columbia, out of sight !
Captain Haight, although a skilled oars
woman, seldom pulls with the crew, but has
full charge of the club, and it is to her efforts
and persistency in drilling her crew thai she
has secured for it first place in drill work. On
the Fourth of Ju y, 1896, the club was
awarded the prizes lor the best-drilled crew.
-The prizes are silver pins with the name of
the club on the face and the date on the back.
The club also holds the championship
pennant offered by the gentleman's club
for racing. While it is true that the
members have much work to do in drilling,
they feel compensation ln the enjoyment that
li brings. The exercise is not only pleasant,
but it teaches girls the necessity of presence
of mind, quickness in action, and, above all,
gives them health and strength. During the
summer montns the club often has rowing
matinees, to which iriends are invited, and lv
the evening barge parties. This is a relief
.rom the monotony of drill work and gives
the friends of the members of the club au op
portunity to enjoy some of the pleasures of
the organization. In August the club enjoyed
a week's outing at La Jolla, where the mem
bers received many words of commendation
for their proficiency in swimming. For two
years swimming has been made a special
feature of club work and any one becoming a
member must become a swimmer.
The club holds a business meeting every
month, and the captain is elected annually,
while the other officers are elected every six
months. Miss Jessie Haight, who was the
originator of a woman's rowing club, has been
the captain since me organization. Tee other
members oi tne cub are: Ne.lie Haight,
boatswain; Aiys Price, ship's writer; Audria
Biochman, treasurer; Hattie Sperry, steward
ess, and Amy Harris and Edith Choate. ■
* m .
A Presentation.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 16.— There was a
pleasant gathering in the parlors of the
Galindb Hotel this evening to witness the
presentation by his numerous friends of a
Handsome badge symbolic of his position
to Leslie Biackburn, serjeant-at-arms of
the State Sena.e. Frank Hall made the
presentation speech, to which Mr. Black
burn responded, thanking the donors for
their handsome present and their good
wishes in his behalf.
» » «
An Intelligent Animal.
"Does doggie want to come out for a
walk witn me?"
"Bow-wow !"
"Of course 'bo does, but you have just
had your hair cut and you might catch
cold." .
"Bow-wow!"
"Oh, yes, 'oo would! If 'oo stays home
I'll give you a piece of cake."
"Bow-wow
"There, I knew you would, what kind
of cake would you like?"
"Bow-wow!"
"Sponge cake? All right, it will be
sponge cake. Did you ever see such an
intelligent dog, May? He can under
hand every word 1 say to him, and replies
to me just as if he could talk."— Hartlord
Times.
♦ ♦ .
X- Would Know Him by Hjg Hat.
A certain farmer, who is by no means
noted for his resemblance to Apollo, has a
son of 7 who possesses more wit than rev
erence. One day a stranger, came to the
farm, and, seeing the lad, asked:
'■Sonny, wbere's your father?"
"In the pigpen," was the reply.
"In the pigpen? Thanks."
And, as the man moved in the direction
indicated, the boy shouted:
"I say I You'll know him, 'cause he's got
a hat on!"— London Tit- Bits.
kew to-day;
ii wmwßm fp
breaks up
that hang on.
Every one has a kind
word for "Seventy-
seven," Dr. Humphreys'
precious cure for Colds,
La- Grippe, Influenza,
Catarrh, Coughs," Sore
Throat.
CtAPP Bros., druggists, Vick' burg, Miss.,
write for new supply of *77,' and men-
tion one case in which "the wh' family
were cured of the Grippe with one vial."
Mrs. Fredericks, Brooklyn, N.Y., writes:
"My nusbanti baa just bad a very bad
Cold. • I got * 77 ' for him and it cured
him right away." ' .",'*.. .' ';
',' Geo. W. Biehl, Mt. Winans, M I. : "Your
'77' had great sales here last winter."
C. S. Bascom, , Southampton, N. V. :
.'Your, new Grippe medicine i 3 a marvel.
It has just carried us through severe Colds,
or, as most would say, the Grippe."
"77" knocks out the Grip.
Dr. Humphreys' Homeopathic Manual of Die-
eases at your : ru_£ist's or Mailed Free. , '
.< .A small lottle of pletsant pellets— fits the vest
pocket. | So d ■?>• drugg:s s, or sent on ret eip. of 25
cents, or Aye for $1. Humphreys' Medicine Co.,
cor. William and John streets, New York.
f~3 Chichester's Ea_.U_.li D__h_b_ Brand.
Pennyroyal pills
IP *-<S**V Original and Only nine. A
' . /i/TK. _. r •_*-, always reliabla. uoica aak £L\
/*___ _»___ Dragila* far C*_eA«.-«r » English Dig ff\\
tr^vL^UJS^monl Brand la Ked and Gold mocallic\^ußr
_____■*____"****""*"*■'**'■ ■ ? "^ , al W, ** D bias ribbon. ,. Take V&T
j*(M Ms**, _VJ»» ether. Re/us* _a.ij.M__ (_i4__i_*_. v
[J fW tion* and imitation*. At Oragglitt, or n«od4__
 I ■ _.'_'•' . Am Id ■___.(_ for particular., * t«itln_onial. aad
V _»» • 0 *' Relief for I.ndlen." in bttr, br retain*
-V IT MaiL r. 10.000 T..-l_jonial-. .V.m« Pavtr.
'*__' > "-^'rC-101-___erC_ie-__lc_aCt».,il»dl«on-'Qua^_h
_«__lte-4__e_-i_.t_4s___i. ■■*, .' _UJ__4_v.
1516
MRS, CRAVEN MAY
RE INDICTED
Special Session of the
Grand Jury to Be Held
To- Morrow.
Cooney Was Charged First in
Hopes That He Would Turn
State's Evidence.
Friends of Mrs. Craven Say the Pro
ceedings Are Intended to Frighten
Her Witnesses.
The Grand Jury, at its special session
to-morrow, will hear the evidence which
has been laid before the District Attorney
by Captain Lees and others upon which
the charge of perjury against ex-Notary
James J. Cooney was based. This was the
purpose of calling the special session that
it might make a day of it.
The evidence is said to be voluminous
and the purpose is, of course, not to indict
Cooney, for he has been formally charged
on a complaint sworn to by Charles L.
Fair. The jury will hear evidence look
ing to the indictment of some six other
persons who have figured as witnesses in
behalf of Mrs. Nettie R. Craven, in sup
port of the famous deeds, including, of
course, Mrs. Craven herself.
Both District Attorney Barnes and Cap
tain Lees, together with the officers who
"worked up the case," declare that this
evidence is of a character that will result
in bringing indictments against all the
parties.
The Grand Jury will also make a formal
recommendation to the Board of Educa
tion that Mrs. Craven be suspended from
her position of principal of the Mission
Grammar School pending the trial of
Cooney or any other criminal trial that
may grow out of the inquiry.
Why was James J. Cooney selected to
be arrested on a sworn complaint while
others who are involved with him, if he is
involved in a criminal transaction, are to
be indicted?
It is said to be a part of the scheme of
prosecution, as suggested by Captain
Lees. Cooney is looked upon as the tool
of the more interested parties in an alleged
conspiracy.
He is referred to as the "weak sister."
He was simply made use of to perform a
very essential but easy part in the play.
The prosecution, taking their turn in
the piay, determined to make the same
use of him. They charge him formally
with perjury, first of all, and then say
they feel sorry for him — at the same time
placing him under heavy bonds. The
purpobe is to lead him into their camp
to cause him to become their .r.tness — to
turn State's evidence with the promise
that the charge against him will be dis
missed.
The efforts of the attorneys for Charles
L. Fair and of the Police Department will
be directed toward securing indictments
against Mrs. Nettie R. Craven in the first
instance, as the holder of the deeds and
the party in interest, for perjury and pos
sibly forgery; Mrs. Haskins, her friend,
who swore she saw the deeds in Senator
Fair's hands, for perjury; Mrs. Johnson
of the Colonial .Hotel, who also swore she
saw the deeds in Mrs. Craven's hands, for
perjury; Stephen R. Roberts and George
R. Williams, friends of Mrs. Craven who
put the deeds on record, for uttering a
lorgery knowine it to be a forgery.
One John G. Barker is on the list also.
An attempt will be made to secure an
indictment against him on a charge apart
from the deeds, but allied to the general
alleged conspiracy. It is alleged that he
has been manipulating other deeds to
which Notary Cooney took acknowledg
ments about the 27th of September, 1894.
It is claimed that all the certificates of ac
knowledgment issued by Cooney at that
time differ mateiially from those of the
Craven deeds. Barker is said to have
gained possession of some of these certifi
cates and attempted to make changes in
them to reconcile the differences.
As for James J. Cooney and all these
others w'io are beiug thus proceeded
against criminally in advance of the civil
suit, they wore an appearance of entire
complacency. They say that the proof
which is advertised as Deing impregnable
will, upon its being brought into the light,
be found to be anything but that.
"The evidence upon which all this pros
ecution is based is said to be a printed
flaw," said one cf them last evening.
"Suppose a printer or a lithographer
makes the absolute statement of day and
date upon which these blank certificates
were printed? Suppose two or three of
them do so? Against this there is the
word of Mrs. Craven, her daughter Mar
garet, Lee D. Craig. James J. Cooney,
Mrs. Haskins, Mrs.. Johnson of the Colo
nial Hotel; Mrs. Cosack, the old nurse
who attended Mrs. Craven when she was
sick at the Colonial; Stephen Roberts and
George R. W ilhams all reputable, gooa,
trustworthy people. To be sure they did
not all swear as to the deeds, but what
they swore to is so interwoven with them
that if the story of any one of tbem is true
it is reasonable to assume that every other
one of them is true.
"If one of them is shown to be false, all
of them will fall. But look at the circum
stances. Is it reasonable to suppose that
all these reputable people have been led
into committing such high crimes as for
gery and per jury ? And for what? This pro
perty conveyed in the deeds is said to
be worth $1,500,000. The fact is $900,000
would be a high estimate. What
part of it are they each to get in ca.e
their great and dangerous conspiracy is
successful? Mrs. Craven, who is set up as
the arch oonspirator, has no money. 80
true is this that the little incidental ex
penses of the courts and of taking depo
sitions go unpaid for long periods. Some
of them are not paid yet. None of the
others have any money. What they have
done must have been done on mere
promises. Is it reasonable, now, to think
they would lend themselves to such busi
ness on such chances?
"As for Mrs. Craven she is represented
as all that is evil now. A short time ago,
while she had only gifts to bear to the
Fair children, there were no praises too
high for her. It was so with Cooney.
"When it was first stated that Cooney was
the notary who took Fair's acknowl
edgment Knight and Heggerty threw
tin their hands and declared,
'Oil, we know Cooney, he has
done our business for years; he
will never go ory the stand and swear that
Fair made that acknowledgment.' But he
did do just that thing, and now he is suf
fering the enmity of Charley Fair and his
attorneys. They bring these criminal
charges on the eve of the trial of the civil
suit. If they had such impregnable evi
dence would they not, as good lawyers,
have waited to bring it in at the trial, in
stead of exploding their mine in advance?
"They could have put all the balls in the
pocket at one coup, but they preler to tell
their story out of court, in the hope of
frightening Cooney and the others out of
the straight course they were taking.
They hang this criminal charge over all
witnesses ior the deeds in order to dis
credit them, and so build up their own
cause; but they will gain nothing."
The civil trial— the ejectment suit of
Craven vs. Fair—is set ior February 2.
The criminal proceedings may effect a
postponement.
PROTEST WILL BE MADE.
The San Francisco Trades and Labor
Alliance Frame* an Address to
Naval Secretary Herbert.
The following letter has' been ordered
forwarded to Washington by the San
Francisco Trades and Labor Alliance:
San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 11, 1897.
Hon. 11. A. Herbert, Secretary United States
Xary— Sir: Pursuant to the appointment
of a committee to investigate the rumor that
the Union Iron Works ol this City, to which
has been awarded the building of the Govern
ment gunboats, is working its employes nine
hours per day in violation of the United States
statutes at large (see vol. 27. page 340), which
limits the workday to eight Hours, the San
Francisco Trades and Labor Alliance is pre
pared to prove that such rumor is true. And
inasmuch as there are in Sun Francisco many
hundreds of competent mechanics who are
suffering for the need of the proceeds that
should come irom their employment, we re
gard the violation of the law referred to, by the
Union Iron Works, as being at once illegal and
unjust, and respectfully request that you
cause to be instituted an investigation with
the view of rectifying a grievous wrong to the
citizen mechanics and laborers of this City
and coast, and of disciplining those who seem
to deem themselves superior to the law. Re
spectfully, Max Block,
Recording and Corresponding Secretary San
Francisco Trades and Labor Alliance.
THE HOUSE TSAINER.
Gleason Will Give His Last. Exhibitions
This Afternoon and Evening.
Oscar R. Gleason, the horse trainer, had
another large audience at the Mechanics'
Pavilion last night. Tiger Jim and Law
suit were, after an hour's hard fight,
finally quieted and driven side by Bide.
Three runaway animals were harnessed
up and driven together over exploding
firecrackers and through wavint____l-gs.
This afternoon and evening Gleason will
give his last exhibitions in this City.
Dragon, a "man-eating" stallion never
harnessed and with a reputation for bad
ness extending all over Nevada, will be
the principal subject. Dragon is thought
to be as vicious as Jim Wicks, who delib
erately suicided in the presence of 8000
people at Central Park last year.
Dixie, an all .round fighter and biter,
will be another subject.
The afternoon performance will begin
at half-past 2. and the night exhibition
will begin at a quarter past 8
SMITH'S CASH STORE.
The New Home of the Company
a Marvel in Modern
Architecture..
Progress of a Firm Which Started
in Business Seventeen
. Years Ago.
During the past decade San Francisco
has made more rapid strides in the build
ing line than 'at any time heretofore in
the history of the City.
In the business area one of the hand
somest buildings that has* recently been
constructed is that of Smith's Cash Store.
First of all it is beautiful, then imposing
and symmetrical, and last but most im
portant of all in these days of commercial
supremacy, a building whose interior ar
rangements guarantee no waste of space,
daylight in every room, and the applica
tion of all possible modern appliances and
conveniences.
It is a proud monument to its owner
and builder and an everlasting ornament
to San Francisco.
Smith's Cash Store is a name familiar
in almost every household, not alone in
San Francisco but throughout California.
The growth of this establishment has
been phenomenal, and it occupies to-day
a leading place among the commercial
houses of this coast.
The new home of this big company at
27 Market street is six stories high. The
The New Home of Smith's Cash
Store at 27 Market Street.
entire front of the building is practically
all plate glass. The entrance is very pret
tily arranged in the form of a circular
vestibule, extending a lew feet from the
front of the building with swinging-doors
on either de.
On the first floor in the rear of the build
ing are the offices, which are very elabor
ately arranged; a handsome ladies' parlor
and the sample department. In the front
window on the right of the entrance is the
demonstration department, where sam
ples of coffee, teas and other cooked arti
cles are served.
A feature of the accommodations in the
building is the elevator service, which is
the most rapid (if any in the City.
The second floor is taken up with dry
goods, notions, boots and shoes, under
wear, toys, etc. _
On the third floor is the department for
carpets, rugs, blankets, wall-paper, ready
made clothingand house-furnishings.
The fourth floor is the great work de
partment, where all orders are filled and
packed.
The storage-room is on the top floor.
The proprietors of this big -store are
Barclay J. and H. A. Smith.
Park Mu»ic To-Day.
, The following attractive programme has
been arranged for to-day's open-air con
cert:
March.' ''The Great Unknown" E. E. Schmltz
Overture, "Pique Dame". .. . .'. Suppe
"Potpourri of .National Dances" .....Kappey
"Am Meer," solo for trombone......
"Columbus," grand descriptive fantasle..'.
...A. Herman
Overture, "Die Italiu<?r In A1gier.'. ......... Rossini
Quartet for French horns, "Kecet Adagio". Hensel
E. Schlott, O. Schloti, W. Dabelow and E. Huske.
selection, "Martha" ....Flotow
'■My Dark town Gal," the latest coon two step..
.'..... ......Lee Johnson
"Pride of theXavy. Oregon March". Major ft Hunt
In Finland the women consider a kiss on
the lips as the greatest insult, even from
their own husbands.
Acknowledged superior, the Waltz safes, in
all sizes. 109 and 111 Market st., S. F. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
KUSTEL HAD A
NARROW ESCAPE.
Butler Tried to Ship as Mate
on the Hawaiian
Isles.
Asserted That He Was Sent
From Sydney by Agents
of the Vessel.
The Captain Had Engaged Another
Man, So the Murderer Had to
Seek Another Vessel.
Captain Kustel of the Hawaiian Isles
has an interesting story to tell about But
ler, the suspected Australian murderer.
He came within an ace of naving him as
his chief officer, and Mrs. Kustel, who ac
companied her husband, is thanking her
lucky stars that the fates were in their
favor. Butler missed the Hawaiian Isles
by an hour and then shipped on the Swan
hilda.
Writing of the affair the Sydney Morn
ing Herald Baid: "It appears that the
four-masted bark Hawaiian' Isles, bound
for San Francisco, wanted a chief officer,
and that he had been promised the posi
tion, but when he reached Newcastle he
found that Captain Kustel, master of the
baric, had already provided himself with
a first mate in the person of an old friend.
This was explained to 'Lee Weller,' and it
is said that he received a honorarium in
the shape of a £1 note.*
Captain Kustel is one of the beat-known
masters that come to San Francisco, and
is justly popular among the sailors and
shipping fraternity, ln Newcastle, N. S.
\\\, the first mate left the vessel in order
to take command of another ship, and
Kustel had to wire to his agents in Syd
ney for another officer. It was in this way
that he ran across the notorious murderer.
"The Hawaiian Isles was almost ready
for sea when 1 found myself without a
mate," said Captain Kustel yesterday.
"For a while I was in a quandary, and
then my wife suggested telegraphing to
Sydney for a man. I followed her advice,
and at once sent a message to the agents
of the Hawaiian Isles.
"Before any answer came from Sydney
I met Captain Sorgatz, an old friend of
mine, and as he was anxious to get back
to the United States I at once engaged
him as chief officer of the ship. Then I
at once went to the telegraph office and
wired roy agents, 'Can get a mate here;
don't send any one on.' In reply I got,
'We have made no engagement; ship your
man.'
"What was roy surprise when, an hour
later, Captain Lee Weller presented him
self and said he had been sent on by the
Sydney office. I showed him the telegram
I had received an hour previously, and
then he began to bluster. He produced
his papers, which showed him to be a
duly licensed captain in the British mer
cantile marine, and said he intended sail
ing on the Hawaiian Isles or he would
know the reason why.
"I did not discuss the question with
him, but told him I had engaged a mate
and did not want a second. He went, for
ward and had a talk with Mr. Sorgatz,
from whom, I afterward learned, he got $5
in order not to make any trouble.
"Since my arrival in port last Friday I
bave seen the Sydney papers, and have
no hesitation in saying that the man who
wanted to ship on my vessel as first mate
is one and the same with Frank Butler,
ths murderer. He is not a bad-looking
fellow, but his good looks are all in the
brutal line.
"Give you a description of him?
"Well, he was a big, stout, burly, rerjul
sive fellow with a sort of fascinating man
ner, whom, now I come to think of it, I
would not have shipped as the cook's as
sistant. The man was a conglomeration,
and one minute I would feel sorry 1 could
not givehim a berth, and the next I was
wishing he was safely ashore. Anyhow, I
was well rid of him."
From tho mate of the Hawaiian Isles it
is learned that Butler was well supplied
with money and was profusely decorated
with jewelry. He nevertheless insisted
upon having bis fare from Sydney to New
castle refunded, and that was how Captain
Sorgatz came to pay him the £1 ($5). His
luggage, according to the men on the
ship, consisted of a heavy wooden box.
fashioned like a sea chest, and a small
Gladstone bag. Both these articles cor
respond with those tbat Butler is sup
posed to have put aboard the Swanhilda a
few hours before she sailed.
Captain Kusiel, his wife and daughter
took their bicycles with them on the last
trip and, on an improvised track on the
dec* oi the big ship, they had many a run
in calm weather. They now shudder at
the idea of having such a man as Butler in
command of the vessel while they were
enjoying themselves.
THE SOLDIER ATHLETES.
Some Good Work Done by the
Boys in Blue on a Wet
Campus.
A 100-Yard Dash on Slippery Ground
in ii Seconds— Agility Shown iv
tbe Equipment Race.
Despite the moisture of the atmosphere
yesterday forenoon there was a good at
tendance at the Presidio to watch the
field day sports in which the soldiers at
the post took part. The events took place
on the parade ground. The men did some
good work, and they were very enthu
siastic.
The First Infantry band furnished
music, which added much to the interest
of the games that were carried on under
the supervision of the following commit
tee: Captain Rodgers, Fourth Cavalry:
Lieutenant '■- Roudiez, First Infantry;
Lieutenant Nolan, First Infantry, and
Lieutenant Hinckley, Third Artillery.
Lieutenant Barretto was the referee;
Lieutenants Croxton and Campbell the
timekeepers; Lieutenants Rutherford and
Burt the inspectors. The judges were
Captain Lockeet. Lieutenant Lacy, Lieu
tenant McNair, Lieutenant Gardner and
Lieutenant Carson. John Coughlin, first
sergeant of Company A, First Infantiy,
was the clerk of the course.' .
The first event was a 120-yard hurdle
race in which there were seventeen entries.
The winners were Carey, F Company,
artillery, 19 seconds, and Glenny , : I Com
pany, cavalry. -V_ •« *' •
Then followed a running broad jump,
twenty- entries. Fernandez of X Com
pany, cavalry, won ; distance 17:8 feet,
Witt of X Company, cavalry, -16:10 feet,
was second. • ■■.._.*-
The 100-yard dash came next, with thir
teen' entries. 'This.' was won by. Puckett,
G Company, infantry, '" in 11 seconds with
four yards handicap. This, in view of the
condition of the ground, was a remarkable
performance. ; ' ..''-',_'" '.".'.'■" ■'. .
The next event was an equipment race
between cavalry and' light artillery, three
artillerymen and ten cavalrymen entering
the contest. This consisted _of military
maneuvering requiring skill, activity and
agility. -At the start each competitor
stood at a : line beside bis saddle, which
was placed on the ground. The bridle and
blanket were on the saddle, and the saber
belt and pistol placed beside it. The
horses were held fifteen yards in the rear
of the saddle. At the note of "boots and
saddle" each competitor got his horse from
the holder, rode 100 yards,* crossed the
finish line, crossed the left stirrup, and
threw his horse without: dismounting.
No surcingles were used.
This was watched with a great deal of
interest from beginning to end, and the
result was decided on the rapidity oi
execution and dramatic effect. The
throwing of the horse is accomplished
by the rider pressing the reins over the
horse's nose, and- in that way causing him
to get down on his fore knees and lie on
his side. -At the bugle sound of "boots
and saddle" the men started for the
horses, and then followed some lively
work. The first Drize was awarded to
Fernandez of X Company, cavalry, in 1:25.
The second w.nt to Keilty of the same
company.
The 220-yard dash (eleven entries) was
won by Puckett of G Company, infantry,
24 1-5 seconds. Jenking of G company,
artillery, came in second.
The running high jump (thirteen com
petitors) was won Englung of X Company,
cavalry, with 4 feet 9 inches, and Posner
of the same company was second.
There was a 440-yard run (nine entries),
won by Puckett, G Company, infantry,
with 15 yards handicap in 58 >£ second.;
Hogan of F Company, artillery, second.
The potato race (thirteen entries) was
won by Devine of A Company, infantry,
in 1:18 minutes; second, Kuebn, F
puny, artillery.
The last event was a relay race between'
teams of twenty men from the three
branches of .the service. This was won by
the infantry team in 4:3 1-5 minutes.
A came of baseball between the foot and
mounted troops was postponed on ac
count of the rain.
OKGANIZING THE CAKNIVAL.
.Meeting to Bo Held Friday Evening at
the California Hotel.
A meeting of the carnival committee
will be held at the California Hotel Fri
day night for the purpose of organizing
the various interests represented.
Carnival Director Friedlander has ar
ranged for a series of meetings at which
the representatives of each branch will
assemble and arrange the details of the
features their bodies will .present during
carnival week.
Early in the coming week, under the
direction of F. H. Kerrigan, the wheel
men's representatives of the Cycling Club
and Cycle Board of Trade will he called
together to arrange the programme for
"Bicycle Day,' and to see what Eastern
riders of note can be obtained to compete
in the races of that day.
Following this meeting representatives
of tin. Native Sons and Native Daughters,
the Odd Fellows and other organizations
will be called together. Steps are also be
ing taken to organize national divisions.
Judge George H. Bahrs and William T.
Hess will have charge of the arrangements
of the German division. Colonel John
O'Byrne the Celtic, and those to take
charge of divisions of the other nationali
ties will be chosen soon after.
Offers of all kinds of assistance were re
ceived at headquarters yesterday. Some
organizations have promised to give lib
eral donations toward the carnival funds,
and also 'offered to provide their own
floats. Those that parade without floats
will adopt some distinctive and fancy uni
form emblematic of carnival spirit.
Value of Estates in Probate.
Inventories of estates in probate have been
filed in the oflice of the County Clerk as fol
lows: Estate of Henry Meyer, stock of grocer
ies, $2620; Thomas Lavin, cash and real
eatate, $13,369 29; John Schuster, cash and
interest in business of Schuster Bros., $1785;
Jeremiah O'Connor, cash and real estate,
$4061 27; Catherine Waite, real estate, $2800.
KEW TO-DAT— DRT GOOD,.
THE
MOST
REMARKABLE
SALE
In point of Genuine Sacrifices of CLOAKS AND WRAPS
and general satisfaction and s enthusiasm of money-savers
continues at the
Great Retiring Sale!
— _ ! OF ■ : ■
ARMAND CAILLEAU
Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
_. —
There yet remains
$50,000
WORTH OF CLOAKS AND SUITS
To be hurried ; out at those little prices that please the people.
The attendance at this sale has been the greatest any house
in this city has ever witnessed. Thousands have profited
by the great values we have given, and thousands more will
have a chance during the days remaining of this sale.
PRIDES TO INTEREST ALL THE PEOPLE
$2 Wrappers for 35c.
$35 Novelty Jackets for $7.50.
$40 Dresses, lined with silk, for $12.50.
$1 Waists at 25c.
Everything in Our Store Shall Be Sacrificed on This Scale.
-mm __--. an » _ ■_• I !■■ - M**t ' _F ' _P SSW SSW mmtcm ■ mmf . «M U
ARMAND - CAILLEAU,
Corner Geary St. and Grant Aye.
WILL SUCCEED
SARAH B. COOPER.
Mrs. Cyrus Walker Elected
President by the
Association.
Kindergarten to Be Established
in Memory of Mother
and Daughter.
Meeting of the Board of Directors and
Executive Board— Election
cf Officers.
Since the death of Mrs. Sarah tf. Cooper
the Golden Gate Kindergarten Associa
tion was without a president until last
Wednesday morning, wnen Mrs. Cyrus
Walker was unanimously chosen to fill the
dace left vacant by Mrs. Cooper's death.
A meeting of the executive board was
held at the residence of Mrs. Louis Sloss
on Wednesday morning last and the fol
lowing officers were elected: President,
Mrs. Cyrus Walker; first vice-president,
Mrs. B. F. Norris; second vice-president,
Mrs. Louis Sloss; secretary, Mrs. George
T. Gaden ; treasurer, Mrs. F. A. Frank ;
normal instructor, Mrs. Anna M. Stovall.
In connection with her other duties
Miss Stovall was made superintendent of
the kindergartens.
Miss Ella L. Adams will fill the vacancy
on the board of directors.
Many more duties have been imposed
upon the secretary, Mrs. Gaden, includ
ing the carrying on of all tbe correspond
ence, and the making out of tbe annual
reports, which in itself is a laborious task.
Mrs. Gaden has already begun the first
work upon the report, which will be in
the nature of a memorial of Mrs. Cooper
and her daughter Harriet.
The next work of the association-will be
the establishment of a Sarah B. Cooper
and Harriet Cooper memorial kinder
ten.
On Thursday, the 14th inst., the board
of managers and the executive board of
the association met in conjunction. They
discussed plans for future work with
more than enthusiasm, and every mem
ber seemed consecrated anew to the work.
' The board of managers includes about
forty-five members, wno visit the kinder
gartens regularly and keep in touch with
the work. They meet regularly with the
directors to discuss the needs of the
schools.
The board of directors at present are:
Mrs. Leland Stanford, Mrs. Phebe Hearst,
Mrs. Cyrus Walker, Mrs. Charles B. Alex
ander. Mrs. Ira Pierce, Mrs. A. J. Pope,
Mrs. Louis Sloss, Mrs. B. F. Norris, Mrs.
Charles Clayton, Mrs. John F. Merrill and
Mrs. Ella F. Adams.
Oratorio at Trinity Church.
Selections from H. J. Stewart's oratorio,
"The Nativity," which were rendered In the
presence of a crowded congregation on Sun
day last at Trinity Episcopal Church, will be
repeated this evening at the service com
mencing at 7 :30 o'clock.
Justice Beatty Dissents.
Chief Justice Beatty has filed a dissenting
opinion in the Supreme Court ln the case of
Smith against the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railway.
new TO-DAT— DRT GOODS. ____^___
RIBBONS!
RIBBONS!
We have just received direct from the manufacturer
TWO CASES BEST QUALITY MOIRE TAFFETA RIB-
BON, inwall the latest Spring shades, and will offer them
to our customers, commencing Monday, January 18th,
. at the following
Lo"W JPrioes:
450 pieces No. 40 TAFFETA nf vapfl
MOIRE RIBBON
375 pieces 5-INCH TAFFETA .nr
MOIRE RIBBON 4UCy*rd
EMBROIDERIES!
EMBROIDERIES!
We will also commence to-morrow our ANNUAL
SALE OF FINE NAINSOOK and CAMBRIC EMBROID-
ERIES, in both EDGINGS and INSERTINQS. These
Embroideries are in the newest patterns and are all the
finest class of goods, and range in price] from 5c to 50c
per yard.
We invite our patrons to inspect our exhibition of
above goods in our show windows.
' IB 92* mamammm^^ ** -_r v^ g^\
-«__tf| p^-_______|^^^^ VL /•
111, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
FOR PEOPLE WITH
SMALL PURSES.
OUR NEW STORE
"With largely Increased stock and
improved facilities is Jnst the
place to save money.
We are the only furniture-house
on the coast occupy me seven im- if
mense floors. 3
Onr display of popular-priced |
Carpets is the finest ever shown 1
in this city. • *.*;;'. M
'And oar prices lower than they I
I have ever been. L|
SOME MONEY-SAVERS: |
Beautiful White-Enameled Bed, brass <J> C. 85
trimmed tv) O
Stylish Cobbler-seat Bocker in natural CJJO. 2S
birch. *AP*mi
Solid Oak Dining Chair, braced arm, cane "7KC
seat IO
Shakespeare Center Table in nard wood, Kfl o
18x18 top OU
Novelty Willow Boeker with festoon (mo. OO
back aDd braced arms -©-J
Handsomely Carved Solid Oak Bedroom
Set of 7 pieces, bed, bureau, wash- <•! 7. 50
stand, 2 chairs, rocker and table v l *
Four-room Outfit complete, parlor, bed-**J^.OO
room, dining-room, kitchen V' "
Goods Sold on Easy Payments All Over
the Coast. "
M. FRIEDMAN & GO.
233,235,237 POST STREET,
NEAB STOCKTON.
130, 132, 134 MORTON STREET.
OPEN BI VSUTIIQ-'ca-S.
DR. PIERCES
IS THE BEST.
A PERMANENT CURE.
Plainsbdro, Cal., Nov. 6. 1896.
Dr. fierce A Son, San Francisco.
Gentle-lE-. — fifteen-dollar Belt has been
received and delivered, but have not heard from
- '"■■ . . -*.*-» -Vi.tit . theierson yet about the
_^3i__f^i_r-____i&i resnU ' but lam not afraid
XV\lv'__t_Efe' of him ,omin *{ back on
sSg^^^^:^^Jsk me. as 1 used one of your
K^''',f, , ** ; S5B He '"-'» nine (9) . ears'a^o
"ffiM?^_ :^±sv^ ; --jcsf^ am ' have never beeu
PW4?JB^^3j?nS : '* troubled with pains In
JKn^^W^^fyy" my back or hips since.
iS" 3CT' In So. you see why lam not
; '.,-. i . ™ <C|^' • - afraid to recommend your j
■*^a\t> ■'_*'■> . Belt to any one suffering ;
V 1 with a weak back, pains
In the hips and side, as 1 was, because It will cure
tbem— never to be doubted.
I remain yours to help the sufferer,
■ ■ GEO. A. KAHL.
*\<a*~ There are no "quack" doctors connected
with our establishment Our . elect .c belts cure
without drugs I'ric s reasonable! No robbery!
Established 1875. .-end for free "Pamphlet No.
2." Magnetic Elastic Truss Co. (Dr. Pierce A
Son). 704 Sacramento St.. cor. of K earn v, second,
third and fourth floors. Branch office, 640 Market
St., below Kearny, s. F. ~
L. A.Bertellng Prea. H. Nordman, Vlce-Prea
A. W. Kirk, sec; Jos. Nordman, Treat
427 KEARNY STREET,
is the very best place to bave your eyes examined
and fitted to glasses with instruments exclusively
our own, whose superiority has not yet been
equaled.
We have no rivals. VVe • value oar reputation;
we guarantee satisfaction, and depend solely upon
the merits of our work for success.
Philadelphia >
I Shoe CO. Ho. 10 Third St. -
Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
B STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
p. ll .fin
, .**v*r*^^^.---^>gi^i^
DOUBLY BLOCKADED.
Our Blockade Sale has proved a grand
success and will be continued forthe com-
ing week, and If good values for little
money be any inducement, this is the
time and place to buy your footwear. We
have a big assortment of Ladies* Fine Ox-
ford Ties that will be sacrificed this week.
These Ties are mostly small sizes, running
from 2% to 3%, and widths Aa. A, B, C.
but a few large sizes are also ln stock.
The Ties are an assorted lot, including
Cloth and kid tops, pointed or square toes
•and patent-leather tips, and sold regularly
from $2 60 to *3 60, but we will close them
out tor.",-,, 1 ;. ■_ ,-.* , ■
SOo ___. __="»__-_.___,
81.25.
y-.HU—. A * eW < ' rB l o ****
*_.?*_¥ '-•■dies extra flne
Kw Kid Button Shoes
.fr-'l for «1 25, sizes
■■vjlfj 'iy* to 8%, widths
VVJ'£S AA,A,B. C, regu-
l**^fa lar price *4. Odd
joßj?ci__PH °'*- small sizes.
_>^ M " your feet are
mtnr^^i mmmfjjr small you will be
•w l \\ m mm \\.. imsssr ________ strictly ln it.
81.00 /
The bargain of ths _Bfc____
season— Children's HM
Patent - Leather Mm
Button Shoes,cloth F*s?"*J
or kid tops, made #^.^^3
oy Laird, "Scbober _*__«
& Mitchell, sold ___•***__•?*■*'*
below cost. Finest _>»__»^ J *
Patent Leather,
hand-turned soles y^WW|j____-__iaEß
and very dressy. mm **f' a fr^mMmasrs^m%MWfs
Sizes 1 to 6, with-
out spring heels, 76c; sizes _ to 8, with
spring heels, $1.
350.
1 a«is SPECIAL
V • 1 1 "Ladles' Black 6-X
\y _ j» Beaver Overgalters
li :j all sizes, fine fitters,
■X "• V sold this week for
Jam special
" j Ladies' Black 6-X
_ j Beaver Overgalters
f all sixes, flne fitters,
• j sold this week for
« | 35c a pair.
. £ _ J Worth regular $1.
jr . m» ■_J ■ Ladies' Storm
____O l JFl____Efc«C-^r Rubbers, medium
t*tf\tffiwr Mf round toes, reduced
*"** to 250.
UST Country orders solicited.
____r~ Send for New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address" — — — ",
B. KATCHINSKI.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO..
IO Third St.. San Francisco.
____________________________»_-_---_---_-______ i
boai_[<_>-_ > oxjiTA,-_r.
Opposite U. 8. Mint. 100 and 102 Flftb St., .ait
Francisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel In *
the city. Board and room f1,91 25 and (1 50 per A
day, according to room. Meals 25c Booms SOs "
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hot**.' •'
Look for the coach I bearing the name of the Cost
MOMlitaa HoteL w_ JfAU-S-T, PropzleMM.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican Remedy, gives Health nrt
■Ueßiith to the Sexual Organ*Montgomery Street Reminders of Days Ere Bobtailed Cars - Became a Jest
The Pet Animal Trade of San Francisco, and the Golden Profits It Yearly Yields
."^SIHERE is always^ except on the very
1 T stormiest kind except on the very j
I -. stormiest kind of a day, an inter- |
I - aW$ ested group standing in front of a |
• i.irdstore wind ow. Sometimes it is a
monkey, with the preternatnrally solemn i
countenance of his tribe and a phenome
nal vivacity of demeanor, which is the
center of attraction, and sometimes it is
. a family of "just-too-cute-for-anything"
puppies, or some Angora kittens—ani
. mated bunches of swan's down. Another
day it may be some self-important
and top-heavy Poland fowl, some tiny red
birds, looking, as they sit crowded close
together on their perch, like a string of
corai beads, or a miniature aviary full of
brilliantly plumaged little creatures
whose pretty wings find little exercise in
the narrow confines of their prison home.
Occasionally, too, a baby alligator
stretches his length of infantile ugliness
across the window-seat, or some giddy
little Javanese mice waltz wildly all day
long, presumably for their own amuse
ment, but incidentally for the amuse
ment of all beholder?. The position of
window-dresser in any of these establish
ments is indeed a sinecure, for what
ever specimens from the vast mv- ,
scum of animated nature are placed
on view, they are mere certain to
attract the attention of a large percentage
of the passers-by than is the most elab
orate and ornamental combination of ele
cant goods to b_ seen in the show
windows of our finest stores.
Interesting and fully appreciated as.
these various exhibits of nnimal life are,
n_oreover.it is an open question if more
than a very few San Franciscans realize
bow important is the industry of which
these bits of fur and feather are the out
ward and visible sign. Few private indi
viduals buy more than one canary; ons
monkey can, if in good health and spirits,
usually devastate an entire neighbor
/ bood; and one lively and vociferous
I parrot can make day and vociferous
rot can make day hideous for
"^ the residents of several blocks on both
.sides ol his abiding-place. Dogs, of
. course, people buy occasionally and now
and then some one yields to the fascina
tions of tbe aristocratic and high-priced
plumy-tailed or slate-colored kittens.
Viewed from the outside, however, it cer
tainly dees not seem as though the trade
in pet animals and birds, as exemplified
here in our City, could be either very ex
tensive or Satisfactorily profitable. That
it is both is a fact, and a fact upon which
we San Franciscans should specially con
gratulate ourselves, since every success
ful industry within our borders helps to
build up that "greater San Francisco" for
which all our City's loyal sons_ 'and
daughters are so proudly planning.
In direct communication as we are with
South America, Australia, China, Japan
and the tropics generally, our facilities
lor importing birds and beasts are un
rqualed, and were this Western land as
thickly settled as the East the trade in
this line would be enormous. As it is
even now scarcely a steamer comes into
. port that does not have on her manifest a
list of cap live creatures which appear
Vaguely in the official reports under the
general head of "animals not elsewhere
specified, including fowls," and a ready
market is found for all of them .
Pleasant as is a voyage across the Pacific
. in one of the elegant steamers which
A modern taste and skill, combined with
■ h.vi-h expenditure, have made almost
\j erf. ction in their special line, there is
rarely a passenger on board who does not
. 'welcome the end of the journey and the
sight of San Francisco's terraced hills.
To the poor little prisoners who have ex
perienced all of the discomforts and none
of the pleasures of the trip the change
• jrom their cramped quarters on the con
tinually shuddering, rolling and noisy
vessel to the comparative peace and quiet
and positive general comfort of a bird
■ store must be delightful indeed.
They are sufficiently well cared for on
their way, for each one of tbem represents
! so much money invested and must be de
j livered in good order, but some of the
I larger animals suffer not a little from
I genuine mal de mer, and are all more or
! less depressed by their unwonted sur
j roundings and circumstances. Monkeys
usually stand their sea trials w. 11, for they
I are the Mark Tapleys of the bruto crea
tion, and their mercurial spirits enable
them to rise above the gloomy influences
of their environment. Besides this they
come over in light and airy cages, six of
them in each, and doubtless find much of
solace as well as amusement in each oth
er's society. The Japanese goldfish in
their tanks probably think, if they think
at all, that the throbbing and shading
going on all about them is due to
the fact that it is earthquake season
in their native land, and accordingly
| accept the situation philosophically.
| The large varieties of the parrot fam
ily fare rather worse than most of the
i animals on shipboard, for they are
shipped by the half dozen in barrels.
Two sticks are fastened solidly across the
inside of the barrel, for use as a private
gymnasium to relieve the tedium of the
voyage; one end is headless and securely
covered with wire netting, a small square
hole is cut in one side to serve for the
double purpose of ventilation and the ad
mittance of food, and the parrots' state
room is then complete. Notwithstanding
the limited allowance of space and light
given them, however, nearly every parrot
of the thousand and more yearly sent
here arrives in excellent bodily condition,
and in a decently amiable frame of mind.
As we have no zoological garden really
worthy the name on this coast, and no
trave'ing menageries of our own, large
and ferocious beasts, like lions and tigers,
are brought this way only occasionally to
fill special contracts. Baboons and the
great apes are also infrequent arrivals, but
of the smaller monkeys from Africa, Asia
and South and Central America several
hundred are imported annually. Of these
the Diana, or spotted monkeys, the ereen,
the white- faced and the Mona, or common
monkey, are the favorites for pets. The
marmoset, or oustiti, is the smallest and
prettiest of.the monkey tribe, and is very
gentle and affectionate, lacking much of
1 the impish mischievousness of its larger
| brethren. .
Quite a large number of this species are
. brought there, but they are delicate little
| creatures, and very sensitive to cold, and
as a general thing do not thrive well in
j captivity. If. however, they are properly
cared far, given a warm bed, a place in a
sunny window, and an owner who remem
bers that they need either plenty of Boft
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, • SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
-bodied insects or bits of lean meat, as well
as fruits and crackers, they will live long
and happily, and be a continual delight
to their human friends. Several varieties
of squirrels are brought from Central
America, notably a red and gray squirrel,
which are smaller than the red and gray
species of our own country, though they
differ from them in some minor points.
Tame anteaters are occasionally ex
ported from the same place, and, although
they are not especially pleasing as pets,
are often, since they are quite harmless
and very interesting in their habits, kept
by private persons as curiosities. From
Japan come — besides large monkeys, white
and blue sparrows, nightingales, gold and
silver pheasants and other birds—
nese pugs, the fashionable dog of the mo
ment. These small canine aristocrats are
not pugs at all; they are spaniels, with
long and silky white coat, drooping ears
and large, pathetic eyes. Their scornful
little noses, however, are of the true pug
brevity and corrugation, and doom them
to be generally known by that unlovely
name. One of the prettiest pets imported
is the Mexican or Sonora deer, which is a
pocket edition of our own beautiful native
deer, easily tamed and very appreciative
of kindness. Against the mongoose, an
amiable ichneumon of India and Mada
gascar, whose persistent war against rats,
mice and serpents, and pleasing personal
qualities, maKe him a favorite in his own
home, the edict of the State Horticultural
Society has gone forth. It has been de
clared, after full and unprejudiced investi
gation, to be inimical to the fruit interests
of our State, because of its "destruction
of small mammals aud insectivorous
birds," and, together with the South
and Central American flying fox
and vampire bat, is an object
of special interest to ■ Mr. Alexander
Craw, the watchful and efficient quaran
tine officer of that learned body. Unlim
ited chloroform and a large soft sponge
await all animals of these varieties which
attempt to gain entry to this port.
Of the parrots the gorgeous macaws,
the white and rose cockatoos, the beauti
ful lories and the brilliant little paroquets
are about equal favorites. The gray par
rot of Western Africa is the best talker,
but the green parrot from the banks of the
Amazon is a close second, and of the paro
quets the sentimental little shell variety,
or "love birds," from -South Africa and'
Australia are the most universally ad
mired. A large variety of winged crea- ;
tures, which are la the trade . classed
under the general head of "small birds,"
come to us from Africa, India, China,
Japan, South and Central America and
Australia, but Australia is far ahead of
its competitors in the business of captur
ing aud exporting its feathered inhabi
tants. Love-birds, cockatoos, lories, rosil
las and nearly every variety of the exten
sive finch family, including the straw,
paradise, painted, chestnut, zebra,
double-bar, cut throat, Napoleon and
bishop finch, together with many
other kinds of birds noted for beauty or
song or both, are annually sent from
there to this port, and novelties in this
line are constantly being placed on the
market. The widah bird is one of the
most curious yet sent us. It is * a
tiny creature, about half the , size of
an ordinary canary, and yet is the
proud,* if somewhat overburdened, pos
sessor of a tail composed of two feathers,
which are seldom less than twelve inches
'in length. The proper care and manage-
ment of this rather too extensive piece of
personal adornment occupies nearly all
the time and thought of its owner, and,
like many other devotees to senseless
fashion, it seems at times to feel that life
is a failure.
In San Francisco we have the only im
porter of Japanese goldfish in the United
States (Mr. Kobison), one of whose spe
cialties is this particular branch of the
animal trade.. Over 25,000 of these "water
jewels," including the fantail, fringetail,
tele cope and comet varieties, were
sold by him during last year's "sea
son," which extends irom November
to March 1, and' that there will be a far
larger demand for them this year is shown
by the orders which have already come in
from all over lhe country. These fish are
brought over the ocean in large tanks and
shipped to their inland destinations in tin
cans, with wire netting over the open tops.
They thrive well if kept clean and prop
erly fed, and wilt live for a long time,
growing very tame and quite demon
stratively affectionate for such cold
blooded little things toward these whose
special pets they are. s /
Canaries, -the. most universally prized
of all the singing birds, are im
"pdffed "from" Germany and' the Tyrol.'
The scientific system of breeding
practiced in those countries has evolved
over fifty excellent varieties from
the original little green songsters which
were shipwrecked near Elba nearly 400
years since, of which the most noted are
the jonquil, or Jonque, mealy and St.
Andreas. Over 3000 are sent to this City
annually, from October to January, of
which a large number, together with
white Java sparrows are exported to
Guatemala and South America. Siskins,
goldfinches, chaffinche-. bullfinches ar.d
linnets also come from Germany and
are readily sold here and in the
adjacent States. The dogs dealt in here
are generally, with the exception of the
Japanese pugs and Mexican hairless
raised by our local fanciers, as are the
beautiful and valuable Maltese and Angora
cats and many fine varieties of pigeons,
nouters, tumblers, homers, jacobins, fan
tails, "coo-doves" and many others. The
English foxes and bares imported by Mr.
Hobart are for the purposes of sport and
not for profit, as the people of San Mateo
and adjacent counties may find to their
cost should they increase as rapidly and
prove as mischievous here as they do in
their native land. Among the animals for
which there is a steady though small de
mand is the ferret, of which trom fiity to
seventy-five are sold here yearly. Con
trary to the general opinion, tamo ferrets
are very gntle and affectionate, and as
they are far better vermin exterminators
than cats are readily sold to hotel-keepers
and ranch-owners as well as to profes
sional rat-catchers, who earn a good liveli
hood by means of their prowess.
The graceful little chameleons, 1200 of
which were sold here during the Mid
winter Fair, are no longer in the market.
They beve ceased to be fashionable and
are allowed to live and die in the happy
obscurity of their native wilds. The
grewsome habit which the man in charge
of the consignment at the fair had of
taking the dead ones by the tail and, by a
dexterous movement, snapping their heads
off, to secure for future use the tiny collar
and chain riveted around their poor little
stiff necks, had a good "deal to do with the
sudden dying out of the fad in this locality.
Only a small part of the birds and ani
mal* herein mentioned are disposed of on
this coast, for this City is the distributing
station for a large extent of country this
side the Mississippi, from which the de
mand for the "regular" kinds of pets is
increasing yearly. At present this special
line of business is virtually in the hands
of one local house, though consignments
are frequently sent to small dealers, brok
ers, showmen and priva'e parties. There
is money in the business, but there is
also much of risk nnd trouble. The
"stock" must have constant and intelli
gent care, proper and sufficient food, shel
ter from cold and medical attendance
when ill, or there will be a big balance on
the wrong side of the ledger.
The only animal that can be really de
pended upon to adapt himself to almost
any new environment and thrive in the
midst of untoward circumstances is the
sea lion. About forty of these are caught
off Santa Barbara each year for this San
Francisco house and sent East to roar
away the remainder of their lives in
menageries, seaside resorts and cheap
museums. Intended as they are by nature
to enjoy unlimited elbow-room in the
rolling . salt waters of the • broad Pacif c,
theso huge seals live for years in tanks
about the size of a bathtub in a low-priced
flat, and there are authenticated instances
of members of this easily suited family;
living for ten years in inland towns
where salt water is a luxury unobtainable,
and they hart to take their continual;
baths in fresh water or join the ranks
of the "great 'unwashed."
Florence Percy Matheson. '
THE YAQUIS AND Y
THEIR HEROIC STORY.
By far the most unique and interesting
tribe of Indians existing upon the West
ern hemisphere at this time is the \aquis, :
whose bom* is in the northwestern por
tion of the republic of Mexico, State of
Sonora. Hunted and oppressed by the
Spanish conquerors and their _. successors
the Yaquis, who four centuries ago domi
nated th 9 whole northern section of the
territory of Mexico, have decreased In
numbers until now hardly 10.000 of all the
tribes are left out of the 3,000,000 they" are
estimated to have numbered when the
conqueror, Cortez, 1 -nded. . uv .
Cortez and his lieutenants found their
most determined, and skillful opponents
in the Yaquis. But the genius of the
white ' man eventually overcame, the
feeble opposition of the Indians, who
were finally subjugated and compelled to
acknowledge their conquerors as their
sovereign masters. When the mineral,
resources 'of the new land began to be
realized by the Spaniards they forced the
whole conquered ; population to work as
slaves in the mines which 'had been dis
covered and opened through their enter
prise. By tortures too awful to contem
plate the Yaquis were forced to divulge to
the Spaniards the sources of their wealth
in silver, gold and prec ous stones. The
rapacity of the conquerors was not satis
fied witn the impoverishment of the
aborigines.
They claimed their bodies as well and
for years and years after their conquest,
in fact until the beginning of the present
century the miserable Yaquis were the
victims of a tyranny that is only possible
where the Spanish race is dominant. Not
until it was discovered that so many of
the Indians had been killed that not
enough were left to work the mines did
the King of Spain issue a decree that in
some respects ameliorated the condition
of the slaves and prevented their ultimate
extermination. The history of these
people during these three centuries of
oppression has not .been written. It is
too bloody and cruel to be recorded, but
this is known that the Yaqnis preserved
that spirit of liberty which still flames
out so conspicuously to-day. Their hatred
of the Spanish races is as great as ever.
Preserving their tribal organizations,
the Yaquis, responding to the commands
of their chiefs, deserted their homes in
other parts of Mexico and repaired early
in the century to the State of Souora, a
country of mountain fastnesses, lertile
plains, and capable of successful defense.
Here in the remote and inaccessible
heights of the Sierra Madre they estab
lished their headquarters, meanwhile cul
tivating with native art the lertile plains
and valleys, building bouses of stone,
constructing irrigating works and increas
ing in numbers and wealth, and defying
the armies that the republic periodically
sent out for their extermination.
Tbe wars between the Ya..u ; and Mex
ico have been costly and sanguinary in
the extreme. Invariably victory has re
mained with the Indians. Their ability
to adapt conditions to their defense, their
skill as marksmen, their strategy and,
above all, their devotion to their country,
have contributed to their success.
In agricultural pursuits, weaving, pot
tery, iron-working and in many other of
utilitarian arts the Yaquis excel. When
fairly used' they make excellent and faith
ful servants. They are employed at rough
work on the railroads and are ever cheer
ful and uncomplaining.
As warriors they are fierce, brave, unre
lenting and vindictive. They never take a
live prisoner. It has been suspected that
the republic of Mexico utilizes the Yaquis
in the punishment of regiments who are
insubordinate or suspected of revolution
ary sentiments. A campaign against the
tribes effectually disposes of ill-affected
soldiers and lands them beyond the power
to cause further trouble. But a brighter
day is dawning for this heroic race. An
American company has secured a conces
sion to hundreds of thousands of acres on
both sides of the Yaqui river and will open
the fertile plains and valleys of Sonora to
cultivation and settlement.
These lands produce, even under the
most primitive cultivation, three to four
crops a year. All fruits of a tropical
nature grow in luxuriant profusion.
Gveiything requiring a high temperature
can be raised in the Sonora country, and
about the. only laborers who can with
stand the torrid heat are the heroic
Yaquis. Under the supervision of the
American concession the Yaquis will be
employed. Mexico surrenders the con
trol of these unconquered Indians, who
have consented to be the vassals of the
"good men from over the Rio Grande."
It is said that diamonds— the
class known as "rose diamonds" — are
likely to explode if subjected only to what
would seem a very ordinary degree of
heat, such as strong rays from the sun.
1718
London Yuletide Carols, Its Tribes of Street Beggars and Its Wonderful Doll Show
{foN all delightful looks on English life
{*■! in town and country the romantic
Jjt authors linger over descriptions of
Christmas festivities, and the jovial good
feeling, the general airoi benevolence and
good will exhaled by every one, rich or
poor. They grow particularly tender in
describing the Christmas carols. The
first time, a weeks^ago, when I heard a
bellowing as of young calves in the twi
light immediately under my window, I
hastened to look out to see whether any
thing particularly harrowing bad oc
curred. Three dim figures stood in the
street; each one held a large square of
white pasted to his breast, and their emo
tions seemed to find vent in these howls
of anguish.
"What do these boys mean by yelling
under my window in such a manner?" I
demanded severely of tbe maid who an
swered my irate bell. She regarded me
with most evident scorn.
"Hit's the Christmas carols!" she re
plied. " 'Aye you anything for them?"
• A penny for each procured another song,
given with redoubled ardor.
I listened with great respect and tried
to awaken in my disillusioned soul some
echo of all those Christmas stories that
had created an ideal Christmas carol in
my mind.
"Peace on hearth!" came from the
street like the din of tin pans, "good
will-"
Here an omnibus came clattering for
ward end the carolers moved on.
Since then the carols continue from
early morn till long past dewy eve. At
midnight strident tores pierce the frosty
atmosphere and the indefatigable carolers
proceed on their harmonious paths in
search of the lively penny.
By daylight these figures reveal them- j
selves in a more or less grotesque or pa- I
thetic form. German bands with their
instruments wet with frost, with disrepu- i
table bats ahd noses tbat glow a warm
purple as of wine; tottering old men and
women with their illuminated scrolls, or
highly colored prints; and yesterday I
came across two children, a boy of nine j
and a little girl of seven, standing in the !
middle of the wet street as bold as young
How Japanese Warriors Are Made
TiX a queer room at the back of a row of
IS houses on Post street there meets
■j bouses on Post street there meets
__>*-> every Sunday afternoon a society
Known as the Shimbukan, or Japanese
fencing club.
The president, Dr. Kuro zawa, kindly
granted permission to visit the place and
judge of the progress of the members in
the use of the foil. Then, with the desire
to please, which is a strong part of the
Japanese nature, be laid aside his medi
cine Lotties and escorted me thither. As
he hurried down the street by my side his
round face glowed with enthusiasm, and
his eyes looked like black coals with hid
den lire, which struggled to the surface
now and then.
"We have another one, the Giyudan,"
he said. The doctor's Englisn vocabulary
is limited, and be uses now and then his
native words, which renders his speech
somewhat puzzling. "At the Giyudan
they learn to use the gun and to do as
they would in battle. In the Shimbukan
tbey only use the sword or bamboo."
Through a dirty alley and up two well
worn broad steps, and underneath a
clothesline full of strange garments drip
ping wet, I followed the genial president.
The room into which we went wa3 large,
but nearly filled with Japanese boys in all
stages of dress.
"Not all here to-day,'' said Dr. Kuro
zawa. "We have two hundred members;
only about one hundred fifty here. Four
years ago we have only ten." And the
doctor laughed heartily as though it were
a good joke.
After the stranger had received a chair —
the only ono to be had — the president
signaled to a pleasant-faced man, who ran
to the further end of the room, caught up
a bugle and began play iDg upon it with
ear-splitting earnestness. Still it bad the
desired effect. The men formed into, line,
an old man with as much of a military
» bearing as his small stature would allow
stepped forward and addres.ed them in
their native tongue. The bugler stood
back and waited:
"Him?" He bowed politely. The Japan
ese are painfully polite always. "He's the
teacher. Mutol Have you never heard
of him? He's a great man ; fought in the
war against China and killed seven or
eight Chinamen himself."
Muto was an elderly man, with a full
beard and a strong lace. Short in stature
was he; yet you were compelled to respect
what there was of him. He was unmistak
ably a student.
He had caught up a foil not slender
and long like our foils, but short and
broad. As he brandished this weapon,
with his head well thrown back, and
pranced to and fro, he reminded one
strongly of a drum-major worried into a
frenzy by the carelessness of his musi
cians. No doubt be had killed a number
of Chinese if he had the opportunity, but
that he paused to make a chaik mark as
each had expired one must question. He
was becoming excited with his exercise
and the men about him were catching the
enthusiasm. They became restless. First
they applauded, then two rushed to where
I eagles. They had high, shrill voices too,
and a most determined little way of ac
costing the passerby to say, "Merry
I Christmas, please, sir; merry Christmas,
! please, ma'am 1"
The two of them must have reaped a
' fortune of pennies. It is a time when
charity is really spontaneous, but beggary
assumes' so many new and unaccustomed
snapes in London it is necessary to keep a
particularly firm hold of one's purse.
! That tribe cf vagabonds who spring out of
i the ground, as you step into a cab or han
som, obsequiously and unnecessarily open
the door, and cling to it until they have
received a penny or have given you a
piece of frankest advice; the venders of
microscopic and starved-looking plants
who follow you for any distance murmur
ing: "My moder has no bread in the
'ouse, me little brothers and sisters, seven
of 'em, hall under five years," etc., etc. ;
the woman with a paper of rusty pins and
four worn bootlaces and a general fra
grance of the public-house about her per
sonall these unfortunates and many
others, better and worse, make the streets
pleasant for the Christmas shopper, al
ready frantic with the calls upon his or
her time and generosity. The papers
j print columns of appeals; every institu
tion, public and private, clamors for sub
scriptions, toys, turkeys or old clothes.
Mr. Labouchere of Truth was the origi
nator of the Truth doll show for the
benefit of poor children whose holidays
must be passed in workhouse or hospital
wards. Seventeen years ago the first
doll show was held in the offices of
Truth; it has developed from these small
quarters through stages of the Marlbor
i ough and Grosvenor galleries to the great
: A3 crt Hall itself. There are 28,000 poor
| children in the various charitable institu
; tions of the metropolis, and 29,000 toys I
■ were sent from all parts of the town and j
! country."
It has become quite an honor to send
the best-dressed and most ingenious doll
in the exhibition. So we find Li Hung
Chang and Lohengrin and Charley's
Aunt and little flower curls and duchesses
all associating "together, rather stiffly
and unbendingly, it must be confessed,
the foils were lying and grasped them;
then they began to parry blows, tbeir
white teeth clenched, their bright eyes
glistening, as excited and nervous as
though it were life and death.
The instructor watched them, now and
then calling something unintelligible.
Suddenly he stopped them peremptorily
and began explaining.
"They get so excited," said the bugler,
"that they forget sometimes the rules."
He was excited, too.
In all the number no two were graceful.
Some of them understood thoroughly and
made no mistakes, still their thrusts were
awkward; tbeir feints were too apparent,
though in the excitement the adversary
could not do more than to wave his foil
wildly and receive the ensuing thrust or j
ward it off by luck.
After a number of the most expert men
had finished their practice for the after-
The Japanese Fencing Club.
noon and were busy assisting some of
those who were not so proficient, the pres
ident brought Muto to explain all about
the club and its doings. The doctor had
relieved himself of his black broadcloth
coat and vest and his stiff collar and tie.
Around the middle of his body was
strapped a leathern apparatus, reaching
well up under his arms and down to his
h\p .
"They have to wear those," said Muto,
"or tbey would get hurt. We all become
so interested that we forget we are not
trying to kill. It might be a brother, and
it would be all the same; we are so much
ln earnest 1 We use the bamboo because
it is light, and make it very blunt so tbat
it cannot hurt. Sometimes the thrusts
are severe as it is. We could not use your
kind ofa foil. Our swords are not like
that, and besides some one would get an
eye put out. We once tried boxing iD this
club, but in their earnestness the Japan
ese boys forget to be careful and overstep
the rules, and too many got hurt, so we
gave it up. We are not cool-headed; we
are too quick, too nervous and excitable.
We put all our thought in what we are
doing.
"Everywhere in Japan since the late
war they are teaching this fencing. The
clubs are formed all through Japan and
they teach it in all boys' schools. It is
not merely for sport. During the late war
, with China the Government found that it
would be necessary for the people to un
derstand how to use a sword. Japan can
not keep a standing army of any size, so
her subjects have to be trained. That is
the reason why I came back from Japan
to teach here.
"The Giyudan? Yes, that is more ad
vanced than this. They learn to handle
guns after they are good fencers. They
are trained to be cool and deliberate; but
the boys do not like it so well as this. It
is harder work— more like your militia —
so they bave not such a large club.
"The teachers of the Giyudan are the
ex-officers in the late war. The Japanese
Government sends them out— always has
men who have had experience, and they
are all over wherever there are any of our
people. In case of war in Japan these
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
but on terms of absolute equality. There
are the most quaint little people, attired
after pictures by the late Sir John Millais,
and one of tho most striking is a saucy
"Mistress of the Hounds" in the correct
"pink" with whip and hunting-horn. In
addition to the toys, one anonymous
child lover sends 11,000 sixpences, fresh
fr m the mint. Christmas day in Eng
land is followed by Boxing day, and as in
this year of grace the day is Friday
it means that from Thursday evening till
Monday morning London is practically
reduced to the status of a village. Every
teachers would take their men back to
their country to fight"
Muto went back to his pupils. The bug
ler, who had been having his turn at
fencing during this conversation, now took
up his stand again with his bugle. As be
wiped tbe perspiration from his forehead
his hand trembled visibly, and he was
breathing hard.
"Is it hard work?"
He smiled broadly. "Yes; I get all out
iof breath ; but I like it pretty weli. Some
i of the boys don't like it."
"Then why do they come?"
He looked wonderingly. 'The Japanese
; Government wishes it," he answered.
! "But if they do not enjoy it they are not
: compelled to do so." He forgot his ner
i vousness over his recent combat.
"Yes, we are compelled to do so. Not
i by force, of course — they could not do that
over hero; but by love. If our country
sends this brave man to teach us, should
we not learn?" '
"There are a great many Japanese over
here who do not belong. Some of them
think only of themselves; they do not
care. Have you not Americans like that?
Then some who work in families are busy
on Sundays: and the Japanese in the mis
sions they will not come. They are too
busy with their religion. They think it is
not right to do this on Sunday. Most of
us work at all other times, and we do not
think this is wrong." ,7.
Then the bugler hurried away in answer
to the president's call. The exercises for
the afternoon were over. The 150 men,
Professor Muto.
thing is closed; provision must be made
for the entire period. It is true that on
Boxing day tradesmen will call, but it is
for their Christmas "boxes." In Califor
nia the tradesmen who have rejoiced in
the steady custom of their patrons present
at this time, or for the new year, a slight
token of grateful acknowledgment a box
of fruit, a highly ornamental frosted cake,
a calendar or a flowering plant. Hero it
is the pernicious habit forthe tradesmen
to present themselves, firmly and haught
ily, for their Christmas "box," which may
take any form, from sixpence to ten shil
; laughing and talking, hurriedly began
dressing, apparently forgetting the exist
ence of anj' one but themselves. One by
one they hurried from the hall and disap
peared on the other side of the clothes
line, into the dingy alley. The instructor
came to me.
"We have an entertainment in Febru
aryour New Year's," he said. "They
will fence for medals. Will you come?"
The bugler seated himself in the farther
corner by a window and began to bugle to
himself, with better intent than result.
Muto and Dr. Kurozawa passed out and
went their separate ways.
It was very cold and late and almost
dart, in the empty room, which was but
just freed from the noise of hurrying feet.
The young man looked up from where be
was sitting and laid the instrument on
his knee.
"Come again," he said. "It is nice to
watch. .I go home pretty soon, too. It is
very cold."
Then he resumed his practice. In what
strange ways heroism shows itself and in
what queer places it abides.
Jean Morris.
Jk. Difference.
I guess my pa was oriul bad afore he grew so
tall,
A regler holy terror with lots an' lots er gall,
For he tells me the funniest stories of how he
aif Uncle Bon
Stole a. pies an' went in swimmin' an' played
hooky, too. But when
He caught me stealin' aDples an' ployin' hooky,
too, ; '.•';. \'.
He didn't seem to see things as
he
used
to
do.
There are some things about father that I can
not understand.
You should hear him telling of the time he
thought he owned the land
And went a-courtin' mother. But the other
evening when
Poor Tom forgot 'twas time to go and stayed
till half-past ten,
Pa cannot have remembered when he was
twenty-two,
For he didn't seem to see things as
he
used
to |
do.
■ i
I'll bet the governor must have been a pretty
sly old bird,
Or he tells the biggest whoppers that I have
ever heard, '._.!*. " !
Of what the fellows used to do when he was
young and gay
He says it was before the time he settled down
to stay-
But when 1 told him how we boys had worked
a thing or two,
He didn't seem to see things as
he
used
to
do.
Emm A. Brapley.
Sacramento, January 14, 1897. .
Sleep as a Preservation.
In reply to the question," Is it wise
for a man to deny himself and get along
with a few hours' sleep a day to do
more work?" Tesla, tbe great electrician,
replied: "That is a great mistake, lam
convinced. A man has just so many hours
to be awake, and tne fewer of these he
uses up each day the longer they will last;
that is, the longer he will live. I believe
that a man might live 200 years if he
would sleep most of the time. That is
why negroes often live to advanced old
age, because they sleep so much. It is
said that Gladstone sleeps seventeen hours
everyday; that is why bis faculties are
still unimpaired in spite of his great age.
The proper way to economize life is to
sleep every moment that is not necessary
or desirabb- that you should be awake."
Philadelphia Record.
President . Kurozawa.
lings. It is only then that you realize
how many people have contributed to
your comfort during the year, and it is
with tears of rage that you surrender
more and more of the reluctant shillings,
long after you have imagined to have sat
isfactorily closed your accounts and dis
charged your indebtedness. The shops, of
course, have been particularly tempting,
with an almost bewildering display of
cheap toys and trinkets. Everything
costs lid 31 ; nothing has ever been known
to cost ls. It's a little trick not unknown
to, wily New York shopkeepers, to be
The Secret of Aerial Flight Revealed
*|^¥f|OT a thousand miles from the
Golden Gate may miles from the
.?' Golden Gate may be found resid
jy3_L_» ing a man of quiet, unobtrusive
presence, living in a snug cottage over
looking the ocean, surrounded by, per
haps, three or four acres of vineyard.
The product of the vines is not, however,
his chief means of support. The gentle
man is well fixed, as tbe term is, in mat
ters of finance, and the vineyard is simply
a means whereby he is enabled to pursue
his peculiar studies uninterrupted by the
curious, who might otherwise intrude
upon his labors were it supposed that he
was not what he appears to be in that lo
cality — a grape-grower. Tbe cottage is a
small dwelling of perhaps half a dozen
rooms, and beside it is a long, one-story
structure, at the end of which is a tall
lattice fence thickly covered with vines
which effectually hide the interior of the
inclosure. The gentleman is about fifty
years old; that is, he looks to be about
that age, and is evidently of foreign ex
traction, having dark skin, thoughtful
dark eyes and the general characteristics
of the Hindoo race. I am not at liberty
to state just how I came to learn of his
peculiar work, but will describe as clearly
as I can what it is, and leave to the think
ing portion of The Call's readers what
ever inference they may draw.
Necessarily much of what I here write
must be in the words of the gentleman
himself. As I entered the garden-like
inclosure, beside the cottage, my attention
was arrested by what I took to be a pleas
ure boat. It was about twelve feet long
and five wide, forming a very convenient
carriage for half a dozen persons. On
each side of tbe body of the boat was a
wing-like blade hinged, and over the boat,
supported by six slender rods, was a broad
sheet of metal larger than the breadth
and length of the boat, and probably a
quarter of an inch in thickness, which
glittered and glistened with all the hues
and tints of the rainbow. But the strangest
part of the affair was that the boat was
not resting upon the ground, but was at
tached to it by a couple of stout cords. As
I stood looking at the thing with astonish
ment depicted on my face, the gentleman
approached the boat, which swayed to
and fro about three feet from the ground,
and placing his hand upon a metal knob,
just inside the boat's edge, I saw it sink
to the earth and again rise to the limit of
the ropes. Not a word of explanation was
offered me concerning the queer affair;
but I was requested to step inside, and I
followed into the shed beside the cottage.
The shed proved to be a workshop. •-:■ In
one corner was a small gasoline engine
and a dynamo. Along one side of
the long room extended a workbench, and
shelves. An abundance of tools were
present. At the further end of the room
was a large furnace, now cold, and on the
shelves were a number of elaborate elec
trical instruments. . I saw on the work
bench a piece of the same material as that
of which the boat cover was made, and I
took it in my band. It was very light,
and was evidently some kind of metal.
My host smiled as I examined the ma
terial, and asked me what I thought of it.
1 asked, "'What in it?" "Radium," he
replied. "It is a metal. am not aware
that it is obtainable except in Thibet, on
the southern slope of the Himalayas, near
Tirthapuri, and here on the western
slope of the Coast Range. It occurs in the
soil as a telluride, and the metal is pro
highly recommended for its efficacy.
The 24th the crowd is at its worst.
The weather is unusually mild -for the
season and the people singe up and down
the streets, not only In the great thorough
fares but in the small shopping districts.
Every neighborhood has its own distinct
Whitechapel road. I happened to pass
down fiat tortuous and black street
called Portobello. To pass at all between
the booths and co3ter carts was to join
the procession till a turning opened an
avenue into a new and quieter place. It
was gay as a fair and crowded to such a
degree that you came into unavoidable
contact with the bundles under the arras
and in the pockets of your neighbors.
Great smoky flames flared from the oil
torches and the petroleum lamps sus
pended by brackets or chains, and swing
ing perilously in every breath of wind;
the irregular light was singularly vivid
and still mysterious as it flickered and
rose and fell again into impenetrable
shadow. The noise of a hundred men
and women calling, laughing, shouting,
scolding over their wares, declaiming in
sing-song that rose as they fondly imag
ined above the shrieks of the neighbor
on either hand, it ail contributed to make
a singularly striking and amusing scene.
Not less striking was the odor, an inde
scribable mixture of old clothes and lamp
oil and salt fish and oranges; now and
then a whiff of roast chestnuts or an aro-
matic breath from the young fir trees,
stacked up like firewood, waitine to be
carted off by extravagant householders
with families of small children. Potatoes
and vegetables and smoked meats, pyra
mids of bacon, piles of deadly pink-coated
cakes, as hard as bullets, seemed the staple
articles. As we force our way down the
street booths of cheap toys intervene,
whistles that threaten you with deafness
go off next to your ear, and the crowd
pu hes and clamors and yells, men and
women and children of all size- and de
scriptions, down to the infant pinned 'ato
a shawl and suspended around the neck
of the panting mother on the watch for
bargains of food and wearing apparel.
And over all this swarming life stretches
a vast wintry sky.
cured by thoroughly washing the soil, re
jecting all portions that are not dissolved
water, then evaporating the solution. The
solid portion remaining, in the form of an
impalpable powder, is then subjected to
a peculiar process of electrification, re
sulting in the production of what you
now have in your hand. It is exceedingly
strong, its tensile strength surpassing
that of steel. Its iridescence is due to
the microscopic wrinkles upon its sur
face. But that is not all of its character
istics. It possesses the remarkable quali
ties of being easily rendered apergent."
"What?" I exclaimed.
"Apergent," be replied. "Apergy is a
force obtained by blending positive and
negative electricity with ultheic, the third
element or state of electric energy, and a
body charged with this fluid, 'apergy,' is
not only unaffected by gravitation, it is
repelled from the earth with the same or
Law of Gravity Overcome.
greater force than tbat with which it for
merly was attracted, so that if the body is
liberated it will move away into space.
Radium is as yet the only material I
know of that will retain the apergic force.
You surely must, as a chemist, know,"
said my host, "that neither synthetical
nor analytical chemistry will satisfactorily
account for certain phenomena constantly
occurring. The world will never learn
true science until it is ready to learn from
nature's open books. Everything in the
material universe is constructed upon a
system of triads. In other words, there
are always three phases or conditions of
the same thing. Water may be a solid, a
liquid or a gas, and in each manifestation
be only water. Just so in everything.
Electricity is known to the many as only
positive and negative, while in fact its
third condition is never absent, although
unrecognized. An apple falls to the
eround from the treej and science an
nounces that a subtle force called gravity
brought the apple down. But as to the
second or its * third phase science knows
nothing, and, in fact, is apparently too
conceited to desire to learn. I have
learned something about the opposite
force— the second phase of gravity. I call
it 'apergy.' The boat that you saw sway
ing in the . yard has its roof stored with
apergy sufficient to cause it to lift the boat
with me in it and soar to any height that
I may wish to reach."
"But," I asked, "how can you control
your ascent or descent?"
<? "Simply enough," he answered. "The
inner sides of the boat are lined with a
Christmas morning brings a blessing
with it in the shape of sunlight, rare, •
bright, beautiful sunlight. It shines
apparently upon a lifeless and deserted
city, in which only the blue-coated bob
bies and infrequent omnibus seem to have
preserved the power of movement. Every
body has fled from the questionable joys
of Chri3tmas and boxing days. . This lat
ter has a pugilistic sound, possibly de
rived from the manners of the recipients
of "boxes." In the smaller streets, but
yesterday impassable, there are closed
shops; and closed bouse fronts; if there are
people behind the doors and windows they
give no sign. The few who are abroad
seem very anxious to get to their destina
tions, and have a hurried harassed look.
Now and then a child, hugging a new toy,
looks out with inexpressible gayety, but
is speedily hustled back into the house or
omnibus. The conductors have an air ot
joviality and high spirits that grows with
every "pub" that is passed; a glass is
banded up to the driver, too, so as to give
him a corresponding air. The people in
the 'bus, on the contrary, have a concilia
tory and apologetic attitude; they ask for
directions with great gentleness and never
contradict the jovial gentleman with thj
bellpunch.
* The pantomime attracts great crowds to
Drury Lane, an ideal place for Christmas
spectacles from time immemorial, even
though Cromwell attempted to check the
evils of the playhouses and sternly for
bade all Christmas performances there as
perilous to the soul and mind. The pan
tomimes are the attraction for the chil
dren of the middle classes not out of
town— but all their elders who have the
means or the friends to take them out of
Loudon have departed for the country.
At the present hour it is vesper time,
and there is a sweet jangle of chimes from
soinejdistant churcn-steeple; the stillness
is something to be felt. The street is wet
with mist and reflects the lamplights in
little quivering ribbons of gold. It is ab
solutely deserted save for a drunkard who
lurches from side to side and clings to the
garden railing as to his hopes of salva
tion. Van Dyck Brown.
London, Dec. 25, 1896.
number of thin bands of specially pre
pared metals, forming, in fact, a very
powerful storage battery of the 'dry'
type, as no liquid is required. Perhaps
you might better understand it by com
paring it to a leyden jar, only its dis
charge is slow— all at once. There
are two complete systems of these bands,
each insulated from the other. When I
use the boat I first charge one set of bands
with positive electricity from yonder
dynamo and then charge the other set
witb negative electricity from the same
source. Then I join the like poles of the
two systems and, of course, thus connect
ed, get no current that would be meas
urable by an ordinary galvanometer; one
system is neutralizing the other; but
now using the two systems of bands con
nected as a single circuit, I charge them
with a further current of what you may
all 'static' electricity and create a fore*
which, applied to certain materia! capable
of storing it, as does radium, produces
apergy in tbat material. I can weaken or
destroy the apergy in t c radium by a re
versal of the direction of the applied cur
rent. Thus, I am able to increase or
diminish the buoyancy of tbe boat. Did
you ever think what was that marvelous
power that maintains the planets in their
positions as regards the sun? Gravity
alone will not fill the requirements. That
force alone would simply precipitate them
upon the sun. But apergy acting with
gravity holds them as they are. The
apergic force of the sun repels and his
gravity attracts. In the meantime, as the
sun is swiftly moving himself through
space his family of satellites is moving
with him and the apergic force harmon
iously blended with the gravic force ci __ 1
cles them around the central power, for-'
the reason that the two forces are never
always exactly of the sam. intensity.
They regularly alternate; one is always
a little more powerful than the other.
Nothing in nature is absolutely uniform.
She abhors many things besides a vacuum!
There is no such thing as a perfect circle
1 n nature." ''','.. .F. M. Close, D. Sc.FAITH
On stormy days the snow-dad hill, .
Whose lofty grandeur feasts my eyes,
Is hidden 'neath a bank of cloud,
And darkness al! around it lies.
1 do not fear my mount is gone,.
I know it waits behind the cloud;
1 wait for sunshine to return
And gleam upon its misty shroud.
The stars whose quiet calm I love,
Night after night are dark to me;
My eyes gaze on the pall above,
But not one ray of light 1 see.
1 know my deathless stars are there
Above the dark, and shining on;
I know they'll shine for me again
Some night when all the clouds are gone.
The road I travel to my home,
In fog is shrouded, many days;
One step before is all 1 see,
The vale is hid_en in the haze.
But still my face is homeward turned,
In perfect trust I'll find it there;
Its light a-gleam, its fire warm,
And by tlieir side my easy chair.
Why do I doubt when dark clouds hide
The things in life I wish to see?
The faith I give to things of earth
Should be a lesson plain to me.
Behind the clouds the sun must shine,
Else how would we know cloud from sun?
And in our lives a purpose lies,
Some goal there is which must be won.
What though the mount of my desire
Is hidden deep in cloudy gloom ;
My eyes should turn in perfect faith
To where in pride it used to loom.
And, when Ambition's star is hid,
Why should I mourn and cease to climb?
The star is there behind the dark,
And clouds must break in God's own time.
If my life's path is wrapped in fog,
Why should I falter and show fear ?
One step ahead 1 still can see,
And Faith can see the end, all clear.
The road will lead me to my home,
I need not see its winding way ;
Each step I take will lead me on
To heights where dwells eternal day.
• *■_-" __i__jr •
*
January 10, 1897.
The Judge Out
Bushwhacking
Old Judge Wiggles was a campaigner
from away back. Commencing at least
two months prior to a general election —
which included the office he held— he
would pas few people on the street with
out some solicitious inquiry, preceded
and concluded by a hearty shake of the
hand.
As .-0011 as the campaign fairly opened,
this handshaking became more genera!,
and no one escaped a greeting and from
one to six of the Judge's election cards.
"I am a great believer in cards," the
Judge would say.
"Personal . solicitation beats speech
making to death. A shake of the hand is
the nearest road to a vote, and many a
vote is lost because its owner believes you
didn't believe it worth while corning for.
"I tell you, my boy, nt every campaign
in this county I make it rry business to
personally interview every voter in it
Yes, sir, every voter in this county will
shake my hand before election."
The Judge was telling me this one even
ing as we were hurrying to meet an en
gagement in one of the mountain towns in
the extreme northern part of the State.
It was crowing dark; we bad a long
distance before us, and I was praying that
we would find but few voters along the
way for the Judge to shake hands with.
I was about to congratulate myself upon
the few stops we had made when the
MARY C. BANTZ.
.Tulge called my attention to some little
I black spots away up on the mountain
\ side, at least three miles distant
"Hold up!" said the Judge. "Them's
| ray injuns."
'You are not going 'way up there?"
said I.
! "Well, I guess I am," raid he, as he
| climbed out of the buggy, removed his
- overcoat, rolled up his pants, took a hand
. ful of cards, and, before I had a chance to
I remonstrate further, disappeared in the
! chaparral. I waited in that mountain
: road four hours.
Night came on and I could see the dim
, flicker of the cabin lights, which I hoped
would serve the Judge as guides. At the
; commencement of the fourth hour I had
about made' up my mind to go in search
of the old man. As he weighed over 250
pounds I became alarmed lest be should
have lost his footing or fallen into some
prospect-hole.
Just as I had hitched the team and
j prepared myself for the journey I saw
| coming down the road a sight I never ex-
I pect to see again.
With his clothes in shreds, his hat gone
; and bis face scratched almost beyond
! recognition, the Judge approached "and,
; leaning up against the wheel of the buggy',
i said:
"Chinamen, by Gad!"
Judron Brusie.
— • — _
From the middle ages to the present
day the highest price paid for silk goods
that M. Georges d'Avenel, in the Revue
dcs Duex Mondes, has been able to find
was $83 a meter, given by Louis XIV for
the cloth of gold material for a dressing
gown.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
Angel Island`s Magician
Succesor of Herrmann.
I^F^EITHER the United States army
____fl£ nor the rants of amateurs are
*_.»*_' places to which the mind would
naturally turn in search of a great artist
of necromancy, yet the fact exists that
since the death of Herrmann the greatest
prestidigitator in the United States is an
amateur, in the army, and he is Captain
Charles Humphries of the Third Artillery,
now stationed at Angel Inland.
The captain has been here only about
two weeks, having been ordered hither
from New Orleans, where he was stationed
for a number of years, and where he is
famous in his pastime of legerdemain. He
is a short, stout man, about 40 years old,
and be laughingly says that he is the only
fat magician in the world.
Since Herrmann died there is left in the
field of black art principally Keller and
Bancroft. Both of these the captain
vastly excels in the number of tricks he
perfoims, their average high grade of in
tricacy or the marvelously deft manipula
tion, movement of the hands, which he
commands, and which enables him to ac
complish the tricks with a degree of skill
unsurpassed by Herrmann himself.
It is a little curious to contemplate an
oflicer in the severe and dignified profes
sion of arms fluttering off into the domain
of the wizards and the jesters and coming
there to reign chief among them, but the
captain made his entrance into the field
appropriately and reasonably enough. It
was while at a' lonely military post in
1871 that Captain Humphries conceived
the idea of endeavoring to give an enter
tainment for the amusement of the peo
ple at the post to while away the long
winter evenings. He is a natural musi
cian, though an uneducated one. By ear
sound he can play any instrument ever
made, even the great church organs with
their many stops and requiring the opera
tion of numerous pedals with the feet. "I
do not know what moves me to press my
foot here and pull out a stop there," says
the captain, "but I feel that I want a
sound and that I will _et it if Ido so and
so." It is in this inspirational way that
he performs all his music, and be can
play any air by hearing it once performed.
But Captain Humphries did not feel
satisfied with the entertainments he gave
with music alone, and he turned to medi
tate something else he might do to lend
interest to the programme. He hit upon
legerdemain. He got books and studied
it. He became interested, discovering that
he had a surprising adaptability for the
art. He pursued bis studies so far and
became so enthused over it that be finally
went to New York and placed himself un
der the tuition of M. Hartz, then rated as
the greatest living artist in his line. Cap
tain Humphries was very apt, and Harlz
was proud of his pupil who mingled
strangely a genius for sleight of hand with
the more somber knowledge and practice
of the science and arts of war. However,
it was irom Hartz that the captain learned
much and books from all parts of the
world have been teaching him new things
ever since.
Being in the army and not dependent
upon magic for his bread, the captain
studied and experimented without ex
periencing that oppressive feeling of hav
ing to turn his knowledge into money.
While pursuing his investigations with
this freedom facilitated his attainment of
excellence, it militated against affording
him a reputation in the art. He persisted
In continuing in the ranks of an amateur.
Though he held himself in readiness to
respond to the call of charity, or any
other worthy cause, he would not accept
pay for bis services, the only amount he
would receive being such sum that barely
remunerated him for his expense in get
ting up or as would cover the outlay from
his own pocket in giving the entertain
ment. No doubt if the captain had left
the army years ago, as he stated be was at
one time tempted to do, and had gone
upon the professional stage, he would
now be better known to the public as an
entertainer, but family influences with
held him from this and he has continued
a modest amateur, practicing necromancy
for chaiity's sake and for the lightening
of heavy hours at the numerous military
posts with which he has been connected.
With a disposition of the merriest in the
world— the very soul of good nature.
Captain Humphries holds himself in
readiness to give his entertainments when
called upon for the raising of money for
eleemosynary or kindred ends, and there is
no doubt that during the coming winter
San Francisco will i.aye an opportunity of
witnessing some of his performances.
Th 6 money he has invested in the expen
sive paraphernalia of a magician it is as
difficult to estimate as it is to enumerate
the number of tricks that the captain can
perform. But he has thousands of dollars
in this kind of property. "I have not got
"all my things here," said the captain to the
writer, "but I have a great deal more here
than any prestidigitator in the country
ever* carries on the road with him: I can
give a different entertainment every night
for two weeks and give no trick twice; I
have enough here to do that, and I bnow
no man on the road carries that much, for
that is a greater number of shows than he
give 3, and since he is repeating the same
thing all the time, he don't have to take
along so much."
This equipment is enormously expen
sive. Most of the tricks are mechanical
and the devices cost big sums. They are
delicately made; there is small sale lor
them and they come high. The captain
performs a trick called "The Cabalistic
Star." Tbe star has six points which an
assistant holds in his hand somewhere
down among the audience. Nine persons
in the audience each taKe a card from a pack
until the nine cards are selected. The
cards are then returned to the pack with
the knowledge of their faces remaining
solely with their selectors. The captain
then fires a pistol nt the star and six of
the cards selected appear on the several
points of the star. There are three cards
left to be found and the captain takes a
rapier, throws the pack in the air, shoves
the rapier through it and the three cards
appear on the end of it stabbed through
by the blade. This is a very mystifying
trick, Out before the magician with all his
sleight of hand can do it he must pay $40
for the star and $20 for the sword.
Mauy of these appliances the captain
bas made himself, as he has also invented
numerous of the tricks. It is likely, how
ever, that if all his material was to be pur
chased outright piece by piece from the
dealers, $10 000 would not buy what he
has. He states that there is a rich field
for the inventor in magic, that the magic
of to-day as compared with that of the
time of Blitz shows an enormous advance,
and that if he had the time to spare aside
from his official duties he could bring
forth some things which would astonish
the multitude of magicians. But these
investigations require long application,
and tbe captain finds that all the spare
time he cares to give to it may be con
sumed in giving entertainments and keep
ing his' apparatus in repair. Unlike a pro
fessional, he is always hampered by lack
of a proficient assistant, who is the lelt
band of the performer. He hopes, how
ever, to train one of the men at the island
into fitness for this, so that his entertain
ments may be given with that smoothness
which can only be attained by the aid of a
trained assistant.
Another drawback which the captain
always experiences in comparison with
the professional is that he has to get the
stage ready for (he performance himself.
This takes nearly all day, and at evening
when the show is to be given, instead of
being fresh he frequently complains of
being tired. The professional does not
have to bother with these things— they are
all attended to for him. The captain,
however, hopes to so shift much of this
work on his assistant in the instance of
his San Francisco exhibitions that he will
be relieved in a great measure of the
strain.
Notwithstanding all these obstacles the
captain always gives a wonderful enter
tainment. One of the most marvelous of
his tricks is the shooting of three half
dollar coins, loaded in the big barrel of an
old pist .1, into a beer bottle with a corked
mouth, the bottlfe being held at a distance
in the hands of one of the audience and
covered with a cloth.
The only way the coins can be got
out of the bottle is by breaking it. It
would be a rare exploit to get the coins in
the bottle in full view of the audience, or
in any manner, but to fire them into it is
an act which puzzles the most observing.
Of the clever tricks done in the changing
of one thing to another there is a long
list: The changing of ink and water from
one receptacle to another by a wave of the
wand, these being at opposite ends of the
ball; the changing of sawdust to candy;
of cotton placed in two cans into milk,
sugar and hot coffee served to the audi
ence. He has developed the hat trick to a
prominence hitherto unattained by any
magician; he takes an endless variety
of objects out of the hat, among them be
ing a live canary in a big cage. He says
be can take anything out of the hat that
he can handle, though he does not seem
to be limited by even this, for among the
objects he takes from the hat is a 13-year
old girl. Innumerable card tricks also
the captain does and under his direction
the cards perform strange actions — the
proper card called for by the audience
springing out of a pack upon touching it
with a wand. Solid metal rings, separ
ated and shown to the audience, are
thrown into links of a chain in an instant.
The instantaneous growth of flower, from
a pot of sawdust is another trick. In
creasing of the size of a handkerchief in
the washing, decreasing it in the wring
ing, burning it to cinders and the restitu-
Capta.n Charles Humphreys,
tion of it from the ashes— these and hun
dreds of others the captain includes in his
repertory.
In his experience the captain has met
with some odd incidents. Some years ago
while stationed at Fortress Monroe he was
civing an entertainment at the theater at
Old Point Comfort for the benefit of the
Johnstown sufferers. The show included
the Indian box trick, which, though old,
is always mystifying. The entertainment
was to run two nights and the audience
was so confounded with the box trick that
he was requested to give it again on the
following night. This he consented to do,
but next morning he found that popular
curiosity bad become so intense over the
trick that during the night some one had
got into the theater and smashed his box
in an endeavor to see whether the thing
came apart or not. The captain was in a
quandary, for it required highly seasoned
wood to make a box, but the quartermas
ter came to bis aid and furnished him
with lumber and a carpenter made the
box, using wrought nails and clinching
them on the inside. "When the box was
finished it was inspected by the officers in
the army, who expressed great surprise
that the box should be so made that it
would be impossible to get it apart with
out knocking it to pieces.
The captain holds a flannel bag, into
which an auditor drops his watch; the
bag is then banged upon the floor until
the watch is broken to pieces; a pistol is
fired at a loaf of bread, which, when
broken open, reveals the watch in its cen
ter. The captain performed this trick
once in New Orleans, and the gentleman
to whom the watch was returned placed j,t
in his pocket without looking at it, not
thinking that it was his watch, but believ
ing it was some other watch, and that the
captain, whom he knew, would return to
him his own properly after the show. He
waited around until 2 o'clock in the morn
ing, looking for the captain, and finally re
solved to go home. Then he pulled out
the watch to note the time and was aston
ished to find' that the instrument which
had been returned to him was really his
own. This trick was done by Houdon be
fore the Pope, the magician taking, tbe
watch of a Cardinal. The real watch was
demolished, but Houdon had previously,
at great expense, got a precipe dupli
cate of the Cardinal's watch made by the
same watchmaker who had made the
Cardinal's, and a fac-simile in every re
spect. The original was broken to pieces
and the duplicate given to the Cardinal.
It was an expensive trick to perform,
but it made Houdon's fame and fortune.
It was in New Orleans also that the
captain expressed a desire to do the gun
which Herrmann recently elaborated
into having a troop of soldiers fire at him,
;he catching the bullets. A bona-fide shot
gun is taken by some one in the audience;
an assistant brings him powder on a plate,
which is examined and placed in the gun ;
then wadding is put in and several bullets
are next brought, which are marked, then
dropped by tbe auditor into the gun,
the captain reserving the right to put in a
paper bullet after all the rest are in,
which acts merely as wadding. The audi
tor is then told to take aim at the captain
on tbe stage and fire; when this is done
the captain spits the bullets out of his
mouth. He was prevailed upon not to do
this trick in New Orleans through a curi
ous though potential reason.
There, almost all men carry pistols. It
was thought that it might be possible that
some drunken fellow in the audience
would draw his pistol and say "Well, if
you can catch bullets, catch this one." lt
is a dangerous trick to do, not because of
any inherent dangers, but from the sug
gestions it might make to the audience.
The captain has done it often, however,
and may do it in San Francisco.
It was while serving with a light battery
in Wilkesbarre that the movement of the
army was stopped to attend an exhibition
given at the Grand Opera-house there by
the captain. An order had come from
General Hancock ordering the troops
away on the day before the captain was to
show for the benefit of the City Hospital.
The Thirteenth Artillery band had come
on a special train from Scranton and the
citizens were so disappointed at the order
which would take the captain away that
an enormous petition to hold the troops
over the next night was telegraphed to
General Hancock. The general replied
that he would not make any formal order
to stop the movement of the army to go to
a show, but that all those in the army
who desired, to attend the captain's per
formance might do so. This was a way of
cutting around the bush, as no further ad
vance of the corps was made until after
the magic.
The captain's affection for children is
very great and he does many things to
amuse them. He astonishes the little
ones by eating their mud pies, breaking
to pieces their playthings and suddenly
restoring them whole and such surprises.
Once when at a fair he was asked by a
little girl to take a chance at her grab- bag,
the captain paid a nickel for the privilege
of doing so. He put in his hand and
pulled out an empty piece of paper.
"Oh," said the child, "that ain't fair;
you must take another chance for noth
ing; the prize in that paper has come un
wrapped."
! "Oh, no," replied the captain; "this is
■ a very good prize;" and turning over the
i paper he showed the little one three dol
! lar pieces upon the paper. The girl was
j aghast. "I think I'll try another of those
! prizes," said the captain.
"Oh, no," said the girl, swinging around
j and holding shut the mouth of the bag.
I Then she made off and got quietly into a
| dark corner. The captain crept softly up
j behind her. She had all tho prizes out of
' the bag and was diligently searching them
all over to find if there was another three
dollar one among them.
The captain is the first magician who
adopted the costume of knee breeches in
appearing before audiences. This has
since become the regulation habit. He
intends changing one of the buildings on
the island into a theater with a stage
erected, upon which during the evenings
of this winter he will give entertainments
and from which the residents and visitors
upon the island will witness some of the
most marvelous performances in magic
which the present century affords. Of
j the good he has done through his abilities
l as an entertainer there is no estimating.
I He has afforded many hours cf healthful
I amusement to thousands of people and he
i has moved innumerable dollars from the
pockets of those who could afford to give
I to carry comfort to the needy and solace
i to the poor. John* E. Bennett.
The Worst River on Earth.
"The scourge of China" is what they
call the Yang-tse-Kiang River. During
the last 200 years its floods have fourteen
times forced the massive dams of the cen
tral provinces and each time covered its
banks with thousands of human corpses.
In 1833 its inundation ravaged the prov
ince of Hu-Pae to an extent which can be
retrieved only be the labors of many suc
cessive generations. ■ Another terrible
flood occurred a few years since, which
spread its havoc over an area of 350,000
square miles in the most densely popu
lated districts of China. The loss of life
on that occasion has been estimated at
750,000, even after deducting the hundreds
of thousands that succumbed to the sub
sequent famine or those slain by maraud
ers and hunger-crazed cannibals.
The greyhound seems to have been de
veloped in level, treeless and shrubles3
countries, where a moving, object is visi
ble at a long, distance,' and great speed is
therefore necessary to enable a predaceous
animal to overtake its prey. ''<. *
Idyls of the Field.
_Januai\y Woods.
ANU ARY* in California is a pecu
iVj:^ liarly lovely season. Already the
-L-»_. days are beginning to lengthen,
and there are delicious hints of the com
ing springtime in the midday air. Here
on tbe bank, amid a tangle of ferns and
toadstools, have 'found a tiny spray of
the Smilacina stellata, a so-called "false
Solomon's seal," in reality a very thor
oughly individual member of the lily fam
ily, that we are to blame for characteriz
ing as "false." Wake-robin, too, is begin
ning to unfurl its broad leaves, and the .
dainty little parsley is peeping up from
the earth. "Wild potato," the country
folk call it. ln a week or two its meek
white flowers will dot the canyons and
marshy fields. The bulbs and tubers are
always the earliest spring flowers to ap
pear. Tbey are thrifty folk, and when
summer begins to wane they make pro
vision for the young plant by storing up,
under ground, a supply of food for tbe
next season's start. The young Solomon's
seal does not have to wait, before blossom
ing, until it can accumulate sufficient sub
stance from soil and air and water to put
forth its dainty bells. It gathers suste
nance from its thick tuber-like rootstock,
and obtains luxuriant growth while yet
its less provident companions, the an
nuals, are getting a frail hold on life. So
we have the wild hyacinth and the tril
lium, the poppies and the blue-eyed grass
marching at the head of the floral proces
sion each season.
It is interesting to study the methods of
self-preservation which each plant finds
out and avails itseif of; there is such per
fect adaptation of means to the end. The
bulbs and tubers, for instance, the wake
robin, Solomon's seal and the little white
spring beauty are very delicate plants, re
quiring large supplies of air and water.
A little later in the season, when the sum
mer vegetation is at its greatest luxuri
ance, the supply will not be sufficient for
them. They would have small chance for
life if they did not get this early start, and
would be choked and crushed and starved
out of existence by the hardier late
comers. So they store up a supply of
starchy substances, not as do the trees and !
shrubs, in a thick covering of bark, but
under ground, where it will be free from
the depredations of gnawing rodents, who,
as well as the plants, like a little starch
now and then, and feel the need of a win
ter food supply. With the aid of ..his
supply the plants begin growing early in
tne season, and have attained to vigorous
development before the arrival of the
floral crowd. Still another variety of pro
tective measure is exhibited by the wild
gooseberry, with its delicate pink whips of
branches, where the dainty leafbuds are
just beginning to swell. The gooseberry
stores up its nutritive supplies in its slen- J
der woody stalks, and the gophers, the
wood rats and the spermophiies know it.
Their sharp little teeth would soon end
the life of the plant were it not for the
forest of formidable little thorns that grows
along the stem and make every branch of
the gooseberry a scourge for the unwary.
These thorns protect the plant's foliage,
too. The leaves come out early in the
spring, when most creatures are hungry
for a little fresh salad, and the bushes
would soon be stripped were it not for the
spikey guardians that even human visit
ors find it difficult to overcome. The
only creatures for whom the thorns have
no terrors are the fertilizing insects and
the oirds, who later on eat the fruit and
disseminate the seeds.
The mischief wrought by small, hungry,
gnawing teeth, may be seen in the red
woods everywhere about me here in the
canyon. This is not the forest primeval.
That fell years ago before the ax and saw
of the early woodsmen; but these trees
are from fifteen to twenty years old. They
grow straight and beautiful, sending out
their drooping branches in symmetrical
whorls to a height of thirty feet or more,
when every tree suddenly divides and
sends up two shoots instead of the single
royal mast the woodsman seeks. They
will never make first-class timber, for
years before little vandal woodrats gnaw
ing the bark compelled the tree in repair
ing the mischief to grow double instead of
maintaining its original singleness of pur
pose. This is the lowest level at which
redwoods grow, and these fifteen-year-old
trees are still mere saplings; but there are
yet some mighty stumps remaining in
these woods to show what woodland
giants once sheltered this sparkling
stream. A half mile below us the red
woods suddenly cease and only the green
bay tree flourishes, just now in a stormy
fragrance of blossom; and lower still the
alders grow, giving place in their turn to
great oaks and huge sycamores, sturdy
giants of the lower streamside. Just now
the sycamores are bare nnd hoary, stretch
ing out mighty battle-scarred arms toward
the sky, pointing and beckoning the De
holder onward and seeming to demand of
every passer-by the question of the wise
old stoic, "Who is he that shall hinder
thee from being good aud simple?" The
oaks, too, have not the brooding, mystic
oeauty of the redwoods, the shining splen
dor of the laurels, nor the slim grace of the
alders, but they have a wondrous indi
vidual charm that is all tbeir own. Mighty
growths they are, too. One hoary mon
arch, standing just where the canyon
widens to the plain, spreads out its huge
age-twisted branches to a span of ninety
feet.
Growing everywhere along the banks,
and close down to the water's edge, clam
bering over scrub-oak and willows, cover
ing ferns and winding about stumps,
grows the vetch, getting, like its liliace
ous comrades, an early start. A member
of the great pulse family is the vetch,
and as much of a trial is the former in
this day as it was at the time when, Scrip
ture tells us, the enemy sowed it while the
husbandman slept. For the vetch is the
ancient tare, a nuisance wherever it gets
a foothold. It is a feeble, clinging thing,
with a frail stem that could never hold
itself u,p did it* not. send out at intervals
little clinging tendrils, really highly
specialized leaves that catch' and cling
here to a blade of grass, there to the wav
ing frond of a brake, yonder to a low
swinging branch of wild huckleberry,
thence to a twisted bough of the manz.i
nita, until the plant at last clambers over
the whole underbrush like the absorbing
air-gourmand that it is. The vetch has a
curious and interesting provision against
pillaging insects, ants and other creep
ing freebooters, who would steal its sweets
without fertilizing its flowers. Like all
of the peablossoms, it is fertilized by bees
and small-winged beetles, but its low
lying stalks and the position of its blos
soms enable the ants to climb to its store
bouses and rifle its honey cells. So what
the plant did in the first place to secure
fertilization by honey-sucking insects it
now does to protect itself from unservice
able robbers. It secretes a drop of honey
at the base of each pair of the little barb
like appendages growing at the base of
each leaf. The ant, crawling along the
stem, guided by the sense of smell, for
ants cannot see, comes upon this sop
thrown out to stay its progress, stops to
sip, is turned back from further ascent by
the barb-like leaf appendages, and never
reaches the honey-filled blossom that in
vites the bee..
It is dim and chill here among the red
woods, for the son never penetrates to
this tangle. The water of the bright little
stream flings itself joyfully down the
rocks as though eager for its plunge, miles
below, into the smiling bay. We talk of
"Mother Earth," but we might, with per
haps even more truth, speak of mother
water, for all evidences are in favor of
the belief that the first life appeared, not
upon the earth at all, but born and nur
tured upon the broad bosom of mother
sea, even before the land had pushed its
way upward from ocean's depths. The
green scum on the surface of still pools,
the slime-molds covering stagnant bot
toms, furnish us some indication of what
this primordial vegetation was like; but
by what long processes of evolution have
come from that common ancestor the
miniature forests of the mosses covering
yonder rocks, the ferns mantling tho
banks, this wild begonia here at my feet,
the osiers yonder in the stream, the tow
ering redwoods themselves! Only here
and there are we able to read a line, a par
agraph, never a complete page of the
wonderful story. Above my head nn a
branch of a tall redwood is a last year's
bird's nest, a bluejay's home from its
structure. A moment or two ago a rabbit
stole up from the water's edge, and as I
watched it skittering away to cover I heard
the whistle of a thrush far away in the
brush. A gray and white wood rat just
sprang from a branch close at my hand
and ran to a tree not a dozen feet away.
I think the bright specks I see yonder,
separated by a dash of dirty white, are his
watching eyes. The canyon is full of life,
with the vivid tender springtime green for
its background, the talking water a har
monious second to the blending music of
its myriad sounds. A very wise man told
me once tbat all life came from proto
plasm and that if we knew the conditions
we could make the protoplasm.
Not a bad idea that, but I fancy that if
somo day we should stumble upon the
conditions, make the protoplasm, exploit
it in the newspapers, press the button and
set it all a-going, there would soon come a
time when the wonder would again be
beyond our ken. Life itself is a greater
mystery than its causation.
A Legend of the Strand.
'Tis said an author who had starved to death
Went walking, some years after he had lost
his breath,
In spirit up Fleet street, then down the Strand,
And found himself beiore a bookman's stand.
"What's this?" he mused, as in his hand
A book
He took.
"Dear roe, my verse l" he cried, and kissed the
tome;
"You killed me— me hearth and home.
To publish you I spent
My every cent.
No man would buy,
And I
Was soon a shadow of my former self.
Whilst you lay snugly on my dusty shelf.
Heigho!" he sighed, ./_
"Thou wert my pride
And ruin." Quoth the book: "Xot sql
You died too soon to really know.
I have become
A rarity and worth a wondrous sum,
And through me now
You wear a laurel on your brow."
E'en as the volume spake
A mortal came, the little book did take,
And as the spirit watched him from the shade
Somo twenty pounds for it he paid.
"Egad!" the author cried, as back he sped
To Hades, "I have on my head
Enough of hay entwined to feed a horse!
I'm proud ol it oh, yes I am, of course-
But what a shame to decorate
An author's pate
And leave his stomach to disintegrate!"
John Kenprick Bangs.
Not Born for the Scaffold.
A curious case is told in the law records
oi Bristol, England. An elderly lady
being found dead in her bed, a man
named Lee was charged with the murder.
There was little evidence against the
man, except that he was in the house
when the crime was committed. Never
theless, Lee was convicted and sentenced
io be hanged. The scaffold was tested
and found all right. Lee was led upon
the platform still protesting his inno
cence. The rope was adjusted, but when
the hangman drew the bolt the trap re
fused to fall. He stamped on it with his
foot, but it still lefused to move. Finally
Lee was led to one side while the trap was
examined. Then it was found that the
trap was all right; in fact, would fail of
its own weight. Again Lee was placed
upon it, and again it refused to work.
Tried again and again, it still refused to
act. Then the Sheriff ordered Lee hack
to his cell and telegraphed the Home Sec
retary lor instructions. The case came up
in Parliament, and it was decided that a.
Lee could not be hanged he should be im_
prisoned for life. A few years afterward a"
tramp confessed to the murder for which
the authorities had trip, to hans Lee.
XEW TO-DAT.
To the Epitor : I have an absolute Cure for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throat and
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been permanently cured.
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure, 1
will send FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
BOTTLES of mv Newly Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A. SLOCUM, M.C., ,83 Pearl St.. New York.
1 Wben writ _____; tbe Doc tor__.o loa__o mention tbis pap«.
1920
SOCIETY
LAST week was rather an off week in social
circles, and in the leisure that comes of a
lack of dinners, teas, luncheons and re
ceptions those who make the social history of
the City leaned back and prepared surprises
for the week to come.
The most interesting news given out was
the announcement of Miss Teen Goodall's en
gagement to Hugo D. Keil, a popular young
business man. The wedding is to take place
on Tuesday, the 26th, at the Goodall resi
dence, corner of McAllister and Pierce streets.
Another item of more than passing interest
was the date of the nuptials of Miss Elizabeth
Carroll and William Robinson Whittier. Con
trary to expectations the wedding is to be a
very quiet one and will take place Wednesday,
the 27th, at noon, at the Carroll residence,
corner of California street and Van Ness
avenue. The Archbishop will perlorm the
ceremony, which will be witnessed by the im
mediate relatives only.
Another wedding arranged for the 27th will
te that of Miss Martha Shainwald and Mr.
Meyer. They are to he married at the Colo
nial and a large reception is to follow the
ceremony.
Still another wedding for the 27th is that of
Miss Eppinger and Dr. .Sharp, to be celebrated
at the Eppinger residence on Octavia street.
It was nothing short of an inspiration that
prompted Mrs. Monroe Salisbury to place the
management of Friday night's cotillon of the
Fortnightly Class in the hands of the Presidio
officers. That the gentlemen appreciated the
honor and were aware of the responsibility
they assumed was more than proven by the
magnificent results.
Since the opening of the season these Friday
Fortnightlies have been quite the most attrac
tive and sought after of all the swell func
tions, and Friday night's affair proved no ex
ception to the rule. In fact, the attendance
was considerably larger, as far as chaperons
and visitors went.
Lieutenants Nolan and Kilbourne had en
tire charge of the dance and personally super
intended all the details. Their first care was
the decorations. Flags from the Presidio were
brought into requisition and mingled with
and draped around the stacked arms and
sabers that decorated the stage. The effect of
the whole was most artistic and inspiring.
Lieutenants Nolan, Kilbourne, Davis, Bent
and Gardner, assisted by Mrs. Monroe Salis
bury, Mrs. Kip an.l Mrs. Gordon Blanding, re
ceived the guests, some 200 in number.
The first set .was composed of the officers,
allot" whom were in full uniform. The lead
ers, Lieutenants Nolan and Kilbourne, had no
partners. The others in the set were: Lieuten
ants Gardner and Miss Allice Moflitt, Lieuten
ant Carson and Miss Pratt of Fort Mason, Lieu
tenant Rutherford and Miss Butler, Lieuten
ant Lacy and Miss Brooks, Lieutenant Haynes
and Miss Mary Bell Gwin, Lieutenant Hinck
ley and Miss Berkheimer, Captain O'Connell
and Miss Q'Connell, Lieutenant Bent and Miss
Nordeci, Lieutenant Wiley and Miss Marjorle
Young.
Four figures were danced— the grand right
and left, the saber, debutantes' march and the
flag.
Another enjoyable cotillon was given on
Friday evening in Beethoven Hall, in the
Hotel Savoy building, by the members of the
Winter Cotillon Club. The earlier part of the
evening was spent in round dancing, aud then
the guests took their seats lor the german.
The cotillon was led by Thomas P. Ross and
Miss Leah >. Young. There were two figures
danced called -'The Pyramids" and "La Pa
loma," both original and given tor the first
time at this assembly.
Those in the leading sets were as follows:
Merrit D. Robeson and Miss Minnie -11.
Young, Launcelot 11. Smith and Miss Mac Mil
ler, H. T. Frost and Miss Velnia L. Lillie, Will
iam Corbett and Miss Jeanette Clabrough, Mr
and Mrs. Clarence L. Mitchell, Jason Gould
and Mi«s Elizabeth Cud worth, ... K. Bennett
and Miss Eva Fa ir weather, .*». F. Chapman
and Miss Elizabeth Rowlands, J. W. White aud
Miss Haltie M. Hall.
On Friday evening last, at their residence,
3511 Jackson street, Mr. and Mrs. Erwin M.
Cooper gave an elaborate dinner in honor of
Waiter Higgins of Bangor, Maine, who is mak
ing a tour of the world. The table was beau
tifully decorated with piuk roses and a deli
cious menu discussed by twelve guests. After
dinner there was an informal reception and
at midnight the guests were invited to partake
of a supper.
THEY'RE ENGAGED:
Interesting Betrothals Made Public
Last Week.
The engagement of Miss Dora Tuchsen of
Vailecito, Calaveras County, to Andrew C.
Anderson of this City is announced.
The engagement is announced of Miss Clara
A Leading Whist Question.
NEW Brighton. STATKN' ISLAXn, \
, January 6, 1897. J
Whist Editor Dear Sir: Down at the
Whist Congress you were so good as to tell me to
write you if 1 ev<-r uanteJ _.ny Information. I do,
on this special point— ii it on th* question of a call
through an honor turned. Mr. Work teaches and I
have always played that the lead of an irregular
card with an honor turned constitutes a call. 1
find that some of the players here use the jack,
ten and nine as calling cards, no matter u-nat the
component parts of the suit lea from may be. For
iDsta nee, jack led with an honor turned, leader
holding king and queen, they would consider a
call, and they say they would rather break Into
another suit, even at a disadvantage, than to play
either of these three cards should an honor be
turned, unless they wanted trumps. Is this
sound whist? Ought the lone suit of the
hand to be perhaps sacrificed for the sake of
this convention? As you have given these mat
ters much thought your opinion would be of the
greatest possible value. The question came up in
our club and it was left to me to write to one or
two of the leading whist experts of the country
for their opinions. Yours sincerely, M. W. W.
The "calling for trumps through an honor j
turned, or the calling for trumps in the lead," j
the name given to this play by the origina- j
tor or inventor, Major-General A. W. Drayson, !
in 1870, is theoretically and practically a good
sound innovation if properly applied and un
derstood, but the way it is practiced and
abused by the great majority of players of the
present day makes it more of a trick-losing
than a trick-winning proposition. We have
seen many a hand butchered .ii trying to catch
an honor turned. It has dwindled into a
"fad," and like the measles it will have to run
Its course, then quietly settle back to where
General Ilraysoti left it many years ago. .It j
occurs so seldom at a whist table that the
original leader is justified in calling for
trumps In the lead tuat it makes it quite hard
to formulate a play for that special object and
not have it conflict with other leads that are of
far greater importance. This question will re
quire greater whist minds than ours to adju
dicate. We certainly believe our correspond
ent is fully justified in questioning the play,
or lead, as advocated in "Whist of the Day."
We don't think the original lead of any one
card is sufficient to constitute a call for
trumps, so the lead of the jack, ten or nine for
that purpose would not, in our opinion, be
considered the best whist. We have been ex- j
perimenting for some time with an entirely
different method of making this call, one that |
cannot conflict with our system of leads, and
until we have completed our experiments pre
fer to wait developments. If onr team were go
ing into practice to-morrow for a match game
we would not include this play in our system.
Until the committee appointed at the Sixth
Congress to investigate the different systems
of play make their report which, in their
judgment is the best, we would advise the
abandonment of the play altogether.
Rosenthal of Yonkers to S. N. Glover Bhubert
of Boston, Mass.
The engagement is announced of Miss Lottie
Pollak of Yonkers to Arthur Shubert of New
burg, N. Y. -
The engagement is announced of Miss Millie
Blach of Nashville, Term., a niece of Dr.
Charles Blach of this City, to Monroe Sander,
a young merchant of Fresno, Cai.
The engagement reception of Miss Leah
Heineberg and Benjamin F. Phillips will oe
held Sunday, January 2*4, from 2 to 5, at 1519
Jackson street.
WEDDING BELLS.
A Sunday Evening* Ceremony at
Mission Dolores Church.
A pretty wedding will take place this Sun
day evening at Mission Dolores Church when
Frank J. Monaghan will wed the belle of the
Mission, Miss Annette Egan. Augustin K.
Batchelder will act as best man. and Miss
Hattie Rock will be bridesmaid. The groom
is connected with the firm of Murphy, Grant
& Co. and is very popular with the votaries of
the National game, being well known as a
clever shortstop. The happy couple will
spend their honeymoon st Santa Cruz. Mr.
Monaghan will take his wife East, as he has
signed with the New York team.
The eveuing oi the 24th of December at 7 v.
jr., at the residence of the bride's parents, 627
Fulton street, Perry R. Brownell of Bemus
Point.Chautauqua County, New York, and Miss
Gertrude M. Chambers were united in mar
riage, Elder E. E. Ancloss, pastor of the
Seventh Day Adventist Church, officiating.
Frank Brown was best man and Miss Ida
Chambers bridesmaid.
CLUB PARTIES.
Annual Reception of the Native
Sons of Vermont.
On Friday evening the Pacific Coast Associa
tion, Native Sons of Vermont, held their an
nual reception at Odd Fellows' Hall. As is
usual with the entertainments of this fashion
able organization a large and select audience
was present. The following programme was
presented, the performers receiving much
merited applause:
Overture, Dellepiane's Orchestra; selections,
Fin de isieele Male Quartet; first tenor, H. |
('. Wickes; second tenor, J.Wldman; first bass, j
R. Dolan; second bnss. E. L. Oresby; contralto j
solo, "Genevieve"Trucker(an octave lower than
the original key), Miss Louise Steers of Port
land, Or. ; soprano solo, "Pages' Song," "Hugue
nots" (Meyerbeer), Mi*s Acnes Watt ot Port
land, Or,; Recitation, "The Soldier Tramp,"
Miss E. L. Richardson; song and chorus, se
lected, Miss Jeannette Coleman and Fin de
Siecle Quartet. "The Country Farm," Neil Bur
gess' great play, a comedy in two acts, by the
Columbian Stock Company: Miss Abigail
Prue. a country spinster, Reginald Travers;
Otis Tucker, in love with Abigail, Francis
Fanning; Solon Hammerhead, a skinflint,
Bert Arnold; Joel Bartlett. a farmhand, War
ren King; Tim, the tanner, Albert Morrison;
Sally Greenaway, Miss Abie's niece, Celia
Harmon; Faggs, a waif from tne Mission, New
York, Miss Fffie Bond.
Dancina concluded the evening's entertain
ment, . The following are. the officers of this
popular . club: President, *F. Dillingham;
secretary, S. G. Cheever; . treasurer, R. A. :
Jewell; . vice-presidents ->■ George ; Partridge,;
Hon. R. B. Carpenter, Dr. J. Townsend ; execu
tive committee— Dr. S. 11. Roberts (chairman), j
M. T. Ellinwood, A. W. Scott.V. F. Northrup,
L. A. Hayward, C. M. Foster, A. C. Bates. *
Beethoven Ball. Hotel Savoy, was filled with j
the guests of the Columbian Debating-society, i !
Council No. 11, on the evening ot January 8. !
on the occasion of the annual New Year ball
of the society. _...*.•.
The opening party for '97 given by the Mys- !
tics at the N. S. G. W. Hall on Tuesday, the j
12th inst., was a notable success. Mr. and
Mrs, H. G. Muller led the grand march.
Two hundred and twenty-five couples in ■
evening dress occupied the main floor, while j
ihe gal. cries were, filled with spectators. The j
next party will be held at the same place, on
Tuesday evening, February 9.
MUSICALES.
The McKenzie Society Concert.
Beauct Entertainment.
The fourth invitation soiree musicale and
hop given by the McKenzie Musical Society
was held on Thursday evening, the 14th, at
Native Sons' Hall. The following programme
was presented and well received by a large
and enthusiastic audience:
Trio, violin, cello, piano, F. Pilse, Signor G.
Panella and Signor A. Panella; duet, "Night
in Venice" (Arditi), Miss Etta LaChapelle and
Charles F. LeLong: "A Winter Lullaby," ar
ranged by J. ■""***. McKenzie (DeKoven), McKen
zie Musical Society; aria and chorus "Inttam
matus," "Stabat Mater" (Rossini), Miss Minnie
Jhe ! ; Straight Whist Match:
In the straight whist contest that took place
in the rooms of the San Francisco Whist Club
Saturday night, given by, Pacific Coast Whist
Association, a slight error occurred as to who
were the winners, and, of course, who were
entitled to the prizes. The contest was straight
whist, and the pair that defeated their adver
saries by the biggest margin was to be de
clared the winner. Mrs. Andrews and Miss
Jennie Partridge were that pair and are en
titled to the two prizes, which were presented
to the association for this particular match by
the Vallejo and Petaiuma Whist clubs. One !
of the prizes was given to the wrong party.
The error will be corrected.
TWervty Dollars a Trick and Lost.
One hundred dollars for five, tricks was ex
pensive whist, but that is what it cost two
j picked players of one of our local whist clubs,
; or their "backers," when they run up against
i Mr. Harry Harris and Mr. A. M. Goodrich, two
1 well-known sporting gentlemen of this City.
j The game was the result of many a long argu-
I ment at the St. Nicholas Hotel, Mr. Isaac
i Anderson taking the side of "science" against
j "horse sense." The game wan arranged by
! him, ana he with Ralph Harris acted as
I referees, with James H. Doolittle as umpire.
| The contest took place at the St. Nicholas
! Hotel a few days ago. When the game was
j finished and the announcement made that
I Anderson's picked pair had their wings j
j clipped ana lost by five tricks, the story goes j
i that Anderson nearly fainted. The game was '.
twenty-four deals and overplay, called
mnemonic whist, and it was staled by Harris
and Goodrich that it was the first game of
duplicate whist they ever played.
What to Lead After a " Gall."
The following question has been submitted:
j Whether after a "call" is completed, the part
ner of caller having first accepted a force, an d
| with king ana two small remaining in hand
(four originally), what should he lead his part- j
ncr? Answer: Return the smallest of the i
J three remaining. In other words he should I
j accept the force with his lowest, or fourth best,
then return third best. ■• Exceptions to this
I rule are when you bold tbe ace or king, queen.
The Idea of this is to convey to partner the
number of trumps you held originally a_ quick
ly as possible, and this is the best way of accom
plishing it. Read Miss Wheelock's new book,
"Whist," page 31, under the heading "Lead
ing After a Force." If ybu accept a force after
a call has been completed you should trump
with the third best and lead the smallest from
same holding or any holding of four small
trumps.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
Powell and McKenzie Musical Society;
grand chorus, "Cheerfulness" (arranged by
J. W. McKenzie from Gumbert's cele
brated waltz, McKenzie Musical Society;
(a) "Don't Be Cross" (C. Zeller), (6) "Under
the Double Eagle" (Wagner), Mascagni Man
dolin Club, Professor F. D. Piccirillo director;
"II Segreto," "Lucrezia Borgia" (Donizetti),
Mathilde Mayers and McKenzie Musical So
ciety; (a) "Oh, Thou Sublime Evening Star."
"Tannhauser" (Wagner), J. P. Grodjens; (6)
''Pilgrims' Chorus," "Tannhauser" (Wagner),
McKenzie Musical Society; "La Paloma," in
Spanish (Yradier), Mrs. W. Margo, Miss Kitty
McShane. Miss Etta Schultze, Juamta Coad
and McKenzie Musical Society; "Soldiers*
MISS ELIZABETH CARROLL, Whose Wedding to William Robinson Whittier on the 27th Inst.
Is to Be the First Prominent Event of the New Year.
Chorus," "Faust" (Gounod), McKenzie Musi
cal Society.
A very enjoyable musicale was given by Mr.
and Mrs. Eugene Beauce ou Tuesday evening,
January 12. A progrnmmo of considerable
merit was rendered by Messrs. William J.
O'Brie _," Edward Ang_.o, Edgar Atkinson,
Dave McLaughlin, Edward Belcher, James
Blanchard, Ned Knell, W. Cruell and F.
Bridger, Mr. Frank, Miss R. Kinsey and the
host and hostess. .'■.•," , •
Alter the musicale a dainty repast was
served. Among those present were: Doctor
and Mrs. Steele, Mr. and Mrs. Shafer, Mr. and
Mrs. William H. Shooler, Mrs. Watson, Dr. and
Mrs. McFadven. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Webster,
Mrs. Belcher, Mrs. C. Beauce (mother of the
host), Mr. and Mrs. Kinsey, Miss Kate Kinsey,
Misses Babcock, Miss Anna McLaughlin, Miss
Deike, Mr. Barillas, John Jloch.
A mu-dcale, under the direction ot James
Fuller, was given at the King's Daughters'
Home on Saturday last. The following pro
IMsfflirSsf
F __sf rf /v. _ *-.* awr MSkspiu 6
! Beginners in whist always accept a \
force with third best to show four trumps, not
the best whist. In one case only we would I
sanction this play, when the player holds ace \
and three small, then trump in with third
best; if your partner does "call," you can in
the second lead tell him you held four origin
ally; without this holding, always trump with
the lowest when no ' 'call" has been completed.
We will say for the benefit of the followers of
'•Cavendish" he does not agree with the writer
on this mode of trump showing. In Whist
for Octob.r, 1893 (page 09), he metaphorically
ran a scalpel the full length of my vertebra
'tor differing with him on this mode of play,
and then read the riot act to us for using the
term "trumping in." He claimed this was an
old-fashioned phrase used by Hoyle.
Hoyle used the phrase "trumping out,"
meant leading a trump, but he never used the
term "trumping In."
The «J\ B G of Whist."
This little book, compiled by Mrs. Emma D.
Andrews of Philadelphia, should be read by
every young student of the game. The rules
for play are short, concise, snappy and to the
point, Tne author says: "It* is not the mat
ter but the method that can claim originality.
The rules set down are only intended us an
open-sesame to the exhaustive works, of the
great masters of the most absorbing of
games."
Americus Duplicate Whist Glub.
The above is the name of a whist club re
cently organized In Oakland. The name was
suggested by the recent article by Cavendish
published in Scribner's entitled "What Amer
ica Has Done for Whist." Tho club holds
meetings every two weeks*, and is now engaged
with a club tournament, which will last until
March. Handsome prizes will be awarded the
two highest gentlemen and the two highest
ladies at the close of the tournament. The of
ficers are: George S." Meredith, president
Mrs. A. G. Davis, secretary; Mr... E. A.
Kluegel, treasurer. The following constitute
the membership: Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Davis,
Mr. and Mrs. Edmund S.Gray, Mr. and Mrs.
R. P. Gleason, Mr. and Mrs. G. S. i Meredith,
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Kluegel, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
R. Noyes, Miss Phoebe Smith, Miss Madge Rob
inson, F. M. Poor and Ben J. Smith. j. ■*» - _'
Edgar G. J. umphrevj.
One of the nicest features of the late whist
convention was the work done by one of the
official scorers, Edgar C. Humphrey of the
Peninsular Commuters' Club and also one of
the directors of the P. C. W. A.
Friday afternoon and evening the Rideout
trophy was played under what is known as the
gramme was rendered: Song, "The Postman."
Baby Ida Mearns; piano solo, Mrs. T. Warren;
songs, "In the Shadow of the Pines" and
"Mary of Argyle," Mrs. J. McDonald; duet for
violin and guitar, waltz and galop, Ralph
Morgan and Mr. Fuller; piano solos, "Polish
Dance" and "Mazurka" (Chopin). Miss Zaidee
Small; vocal duet, "Lite's Dream Is O'er,"
Mrs. McDonald and Mr. Fuller; piano solo,
"Evangeline," Mrs. F. E. Warren; cornet solo,
"Answer," Mrs. McDonald; piano solo. Miss
Cora Mearns; song, "Pat Comes Over the
Hill," Mr. Morgan: songs, "Dad's the Engi
neer" and "Who's Little Girl Is You?" Baby
Ida Mearns.
HOME GATHERINGS.
Receptions, Dances and Anniver
sary Celebrations.
Miss Lillian Rocca gave an enjoyable magic
lantern party at the family residence on Jack
son street Monday evening. Music was en
joyed till all tne guests had assembled, and
then came the magic lantern, after which all
adjourned to the red room, where refreshments
were served at tete-a-tete tables. Those in
vited- were: Miss Margaret Olcese, Miss Adel
gisa Arata, Miss May i_anigan, Miss Aida Sbar
boro, Miss Margaret May tana, Miss Irene
Silvester, Miss Clotilde Chichizola, Miss Char
lotte Borlini. Miss Eugenia B. Brizzolara, Miss
Florence Scatena, Mrs. George Nicho'.ls, Miss
Minnie Firby, Dr. A. H. Gianmni, Dr. G. __
Caglieri, Alfred A. Borlini, Golden Fox, John
Chichizola, Bernard McElroy, Silvio Rocca,
S. V. Costeilo, Frank Rocca, J. M. Cflmpodon
ico, William Borlini, Alired Sbarboro, George
Nicholls, George Giannini.
At the residence of her father, D. J. Staples,
711 Taylor street, Mrs. Yemans gave a very
pleasant progressive euchre party on Friday,
January 8. The players were seated at five
tables. The prizes were won by Mrs. H. L**,
Van *Wyke, Mrs. J. B. Schroder, Miss Rosaline
Bryant and Mrs. Rupert Blue. Alter the game
refreshments were served. >
An enjoyable New Year's party was given
on Wednesday, January <>, by Mr. and Mrs. B.
Bonnet at their residence, 1205 Turk street.
Among those present were Mr. and Mrs. B.
Bonnet, Mr. and Mrs. J. Kreling, Mr. and Mrs.
John Brien, Mr. and Mrs. S.Armstrong, Mrs.
Pomeroy, Mrs. C. Crowley, Miss M. Bootz, Miss
A. Loane, Miss M.Crowley, Miss K. Dean;
Messrs. J. M. Loane, Ed Brien and John
Crowley.
A delightful spider-web party was given
Saturday evening at the home of Miss Becker,
835 Fillmore street. -. _: "'
The spider-web, which was .interwoven
throughout the house, presented a beautiful
appearance, being made of many-colored
strings.
Shortly before midnight refreshments were
served at tete-a-tete tables. The spacious din
ing-room was tastefully decorated, red being
*
Howell system. It is a very complicated one
to the uninitiated. Mr. Humphrey had his
work so well in hand that five minutes after
the afternoon's play the score was announced,
and five minutes after the evening's play was .
over the grand total of afternoon and evening,
added together, was announced and a few
hours after was posted oir the bulletin-boards
in both of the whist club rooms— an elaborate
score in colors as fine as though it came from
a copperplate. Both clubs will have these
scores framed, and when our Eastern friends
come this way we can show them how scoring
should be done.
Whistlets.
The Work Whist Club of New York has
adopted the following as its first by-law:
"No person who 'knows all about whist' can
become a member of this club nor remain
one after attaining such a condition of knowl
edge."
:P. J. Tormey, director of the American
Whist League, received a telegram yesterday
from the secretary of the league, saying the
midwinter meeting of the league at Nashville
was postponed, no doubt on account of the
great fire that took place there a few days ago.
The Unity Duplicate Whist Club was organ
ized last Monday night. The following are
the officers of the club: President, John L.
Peltret; secretary, Edwin Norman; i treas
urer, Anthony H. Iliohan, The following
comprise tho membership: J. Lotilas Peltret,
Hurry Stevens, George E. Erlin, J. Th.o Enin,
William' Ford.
At Boston recently the twenty strongest
players the men could gather played against
twenty women, and beat them by only one
tjick. . , - -
During the holiday season in Philadelphia
the different clubs united in a new game
called Santa Clauswhitt,
The Peninsular Commuters* Club has al
ready challenged for the Rideout trophy.
Mrs. F. 11. Atwater of l'etaluma was chosen
by the Pacific Coast Whist Association as its
corresponding secretary. The whist readers
of The Call know of Mrs. Atwater. For sev
eral months she has been giving whist talks to
the lady members of one of the clubs she is
deeply Interested in, and a few weeks ago her
entire class united in presenting her with a
rich and elegant cut-glass berry dish. -
Mrs. George* E. : ; Bates, wife ,of President
Bales of the San Francisco Whist Club, was
elected director to fill the vacancy* of Mrs. H.
Krebs. Mrs. Bates is called a twin-sister of our
"Whist Queen." Miss Wheelock. No wonder
she is so popular. The selection f of these two
ladies, along with Mrs. A. L. Moore, oh the
board of directors, will put lots ol new life
where it is needed. >_-._* • . .
the prevailing color. Dancing concluded the
evening entertainment and the merry pari,
s.arted homeward in the wee morning hours.
Among those present were Misses Annie ana
Lulu Becker. Camilla Meyer, Belle Rapp, Min
nie Becker, Minnie Puckhaber, Elsie Hammer
smith, Emma Becker, Bettie Joost, Amanda
Joost, Clara Schmidt, Sophie Esmus, Barbara
Weglihner and Etta Becker; Messrs. Alfred
Hammersmith, E.bert Enty, Fred Enty, George
Bush, Stuart Wikler, Frank Carter, Hugo
Schmidt. »«!^__§g _, . _
At their residence, 42 Oak street, on Friday
evening, January 8, a musicale was given by
Mr. and Mrs. B. C. Dalton. Professor Blanch
ard's orchestra furnished the instrumental
music. Among the other participants were:
Mrs. B. C. Dalton, Dan O'Caliahan, Fred Clark.
Miss Ethel Dalton, Miss Penrle Goodo, Mrs. V.
Chesney, R. Wood, Miss L. Malm.
Mr. and Mrs. William Logic gave a most en
lovable New Year's party at their residence,
517 Folsom street, last Saturday evening. The
evening was most delightfully spent in sing
ing, dancing and playing games. At midnight
a supper was served, after which festivities
were resumed.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Gordau and family, Mr. and Mrs. James Rob
ertson, Mr. and Mrs. David Turnbull of Oak
land. Mr. and Mrs. William Louie, Mrs. J. Jack
son, Miss Flora Jackson, Miss Mary Robertson,
Miss Jennie Giison, Misses Mary and Minna
Irvine, Misses belia, Mary and Lillie Logic, G.
Blackstock, chief officer British bark Alexan
dria ; T. Miinerand T. Holmes of Sacramento;
M. Rotbeoberg, Mr. Davis, J. Thompson, James
Robenson Jr., J. Irvine Jr., F. Allen. James
Logic, A. Marshall, T. Logic, J. Ross, A. Clel
land, A. Riddock, J. Carrigan, J. Lewis, A.
Logic.
A very oleasant surprise party was given on
the evening of the llth inst. to Miss Helen
.Vrenu of 215 Larkin street. The following
were pre*sent: Miss Helen Wrenn, Miss Mattie
Dineley, Miss Nellie Mcßae, Miss Ella Sayer,
Mrs. G. M. Smith, Mrs. Hester Sutton, Mrs.
Helen C. Hume, Mrs. Sarah St.igleman, Mrs.
Nettle Elliott, Mrs. May Drynan, Mrs. & E.
Bloodsworth, G." M. Smith, J. K. Sutton, J.
Bloodsworth, 11. G. Sayer, L. M. Peters, A. A.
Drynan, H. G. Thatcher, P. Claquez, J. John
son, Arthur Wrenn.Lee Hume, Fred Sutton.
A surprise party was given to Freda Marie
Brooks at her residence on Capp street last
Friday evening. Among those present were:
Miss Freda M. Brooks, Miss Edith Waugh,
Miss Lottie Hucks, Miss Lela Graff, Miss Maud
Forbes, Miss Alice Finlay, Miss Alice Mc-
Mahon, Miss Ida Finlay, Miss Lizzie Kelly and
Miss Lillie Olsen. V.
A very pleasant christening party wan given
by Mrs. E. Talbot at her residence, 104 Mission
street, on Saturday evening. The evening
was spent In dancing and games, after which
an elaborate supper was served. Among the
invited guests were: Mr. and Mrs, Talbot, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Wall, Mr. and Mrs. William
Flaherty, Mr. and Mrs. James Miseel, Mr. and
Mrs. D, Holland,' William Miscel of San Jose,
J. Brown, J. Talbot of San Jose, Mr. and Mrs.
McDevitt, Miss Minnie Martin of San Jose,
H. H. Hotaling of the San Francisco Whist
Club was chosen ns recording secretary in
place of George E. Bates, who declined posi
tively to continue the labor longer. Mr. l^aU s
is one of the hardest workers in the cause of
whist in this City. The balance of the board
will miss his kind words of advice, but they
can congratulate themselves on the selection
of so good a man to take his place, H. H. Ho
taling.
D. W. Harrier of the Vallejo Whist Club was
chosen vice-president. Mr. H. is one of the
leading merchants of that beautiful city and a
whist enthusiast from the top of his head to
the sole of his feet. Mr. Denio, president of
the Vallejo Whist Club, announced to the as
sociation they were making no mistake in
selecting Mr. Harrier.
y\ll )_ail, Santa J_osa.
In selecting the directors of the Pacific Coast
Whist Association A. L. Harris of Santa Hosa
was chosen by the nominating committee and
unanimously elected. Mr. Harris is a whist
enthusiast and be w.ill be the right man in
the right place. .
One of the surprises of the association meet
ings was the fine team that the Santa Rosa
Whist Club sent down— one of them a
trump. Their whist play excited the admira
tion of all. Their team was composed of W.
C. Hill (captain), H. G. Hahman, P. T. Hah
man and F. W. Brown. They c .me out of the
semi-finals In third position. Saturday alfer
noon they did up the crack team of the Val
lejo club, but when they ran up against the
San Franclscos in the first round they were
a little nervous and dropped six tricks. They
played a wonderful uphill game and it was no
victory to crow over by the San Franclscos.
The full score of the game is given below:
Final Gontest for J.ideo ut Jrophy.
SAN FRANCISCO V.-i. SANTA ROSA.
'Al..
First Bound.
1
2
!
1
0
I
2
0
2
0
1
0
0
S. v.
0
•J
Francisco......
la K05a.....'....
SucoNn Hound.
Francisco......
taK05a. .. ......
0
0
0
'0
T7
0
0
T
1
Third Round.
_9_
0
0
0
Francisco
la Kosa
0
1
0
2
Fourth Round.
13
14
15
Francisco •
ia Kosa
i
0
1
0
1
0
0
0
Fifth Hound
17
18
| 20
T
0
Francisco.. ... .
:a Rosa. ........
0
0
21
~0
1
■2
JL
"23
0
1
2
0
0
0
Sixth hound.
Francisco . .....
ta 1 osa. ....
0
0
0
0
0
3
6.
Miss Ivy Stevens, Miss Lillie Stevens, Miss Ella
McFee.Jliss Dode Barry and Miss Mary Dolan-
Joseph Pet tee gave a theater party last Sat
urday evening at the Baldwin to a few of his
een.lemen friends prior to his departure for
. ,ne Af er the theater they spent a few
foTrfat Delmonico's The party consiste >of
Dr Porter Roberts, G. T. P., Dr. l. t_ann,
M> Abrahamson, Jack Pettee Jr. and J.J.
/ e Mil_: Newman of
a luncheon to fiity young lady friends on tne
7 On o s_.u_™a 0 vening, Januarys, the cozy
On Saturday evening, J ™ u Zlhi\\merTV
flat of Mrs. M. Bellew was the see neofam erry
and brilliant birthday part y tendered to
Thomas F. Croon and August Xastapetto by
their many friends. A programme^ of maik ed
excellence was enjoyed, music being furn shed
by Professor Frank ertllo, P. Teza. A' §» st
Castagnetto and C. Solceda. After dancing a
sumptuous repast was served. Among those
present were: Mr. aud Mrs Charles Johnson,
Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Kennedy, Mrs. M. Bellew. Miss
Z. Bourquin, Miss Jess Young, Mac Pans, .May
Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Ed Gleason. Miss K. u»i
mon, Miss Maudie Biskerow, August Castag
netto, Leonard Lippitt, Peter Teza, Dave Sta
plcton, Walter Roberts, Ed Gleeson, Ben Cray,
James W. Merrill, Herman T. Schmidt, -Mr
Engelbrecht, James Riley. Al Reed and Thomas
F. Croon. _. . _
At their home. 1109 Mason street, on Friday
evening, January 1, Mr. and Mrs. Mars A. I- ro
mcnt celebrated the twenty-tilth anniversary
of their wedding. At midnight the guests re
paired to the suDper-ronm. which had been
tastefully decorated, and a bounteous repast
was served. Among those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. Mars A. Froment, Mrs. W. Full, Mr. and
Mrs. C. Schmidt, Mrs. R. Mayers, Benjamin
Froment. Miss Hia Ball, Miss Florence L.
Schmidt, Mrs. E. Nickerson, William P. Fro
ment, Mr. and Mrs. E. Ball, Miss Lulu Nicker
son, Mars A. Froment Jr., Miss Emma E. Nick
erson, Mr. and Mrs. F. Currie, Mr. and Mrs.
Filbert. **___3B
AT CORONADO.
Some Interesting Gossip From the
Popular Southern Resort.
Mrs. Charles L. Watson, Miss Mabel Hogg,
James Hogg, W. J. Hogg and A. B. "Watson, of
San Francisco, were on the high seas Thurs
day in pursuit oi fish. They pronounce troll
ing for mackerel one of the chief delights of
life at Coronndo. especially when attended
with the success that crowned their efforts.
The party returned in time to partake of a fish
supper prepared in Chef Nectours' best style.
A driving party to Tia Juana and the Cus
tom-house octupied several of the hotel
guests on Thursday. Those participating
were: Mr. and Mrs. G. Sidenberg, New Yoik;
Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Dunbar. Buffalo; Mr. and
Mrs. Francis E. Bacon and Miss Bacon, Bosion.
The party partook of picnic lunches in Mexico.
Walter Stone of San Francisco, son of C. B.
Stone of the English syndicate of brewers,
carried off the honor in the first rabbit chase
of the season last week. Miss Mabel Hogg of
San Franciscc brought in the "brush."
Theodore F. Kane, U. S. N., and daughter,
Miss Estelle Kane of New York, are guests
here, accompanied by Mrs. George Gibbs of
San Francisco.
The past week has been one of unusual
gayety at the hotel. The Thetis, which had
been in port during the holidays, pulled out
on Saturday, and a series of "farewell" din- j
ners, luncheons and dances were tendered the i
officers and their friends.
Mrs. H. B. Daniels and Mrs. Sherwood Al- i
drieh of Colorado Springs are late arrivals at j
the hotel. -■-*...•"
Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Carpenter of Chicago,
who for several winters have made Hotel del j
Coronado their home, arrived last week, and j
are again domiciled there.
Mrs. John J. Bagley, widow of ex-Governor j
Bagley of Michigan, who spent the summer |
here, has returned to remain through the \
winter.- ■ _v-
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph C. Baldwin of New
York, accompanied by Miss Daisy Randolph,
are late arrivals at the hotel.
H. Morris was down from San Francisco last
week.
Prominent among the San Francisco guests
at the hotel are Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Stieiel.
Miss E. Lorel Craib of San Francisco was a
recent guest here.
The members of Grau's Opera Company
spent much time at the beacn during their
week's engagement at the Opera House.
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Wood of San Bernar
dino are passing a week at the hotel. .',. '*'.
Dr. and Mrs. Charles Van Bergeu are recent
arrivals from New York.
Mrs. George P. Jones of Findlay, Ohio, ac
companied by child and maid and Miss Flora
L. Carr. is a guest of the house.
Mrs. Davis, wife of J. B. F. Davis of Davis &
Sons, insurance brokers, Sau Francisco, Is
staying here with her two daughters and Mrs.
Wiufield S. Davis, maid. and children.
L. Rowe and L. Rosenberg of Fresno spent
Sunday at the hotel.
. G. Ripamont, Italy, and G. de Barras, Paris, j
are guests ac Coronado-by-the-Sea.
Cleveland -.Ohio) is represented at the hotel
by Mr. and Mrs. 8. P. Frun and Mrs. J. L. Sev- j
erance.
Late St. Louis arrivals include Mr. and Mrs. I
C. R. H. Davis, Master Kenneth M. Davis and j
W. H. Corral I.
H.L. Van Winkle, San Francisco, paid a
brief visit to the hotel last w<*>ek.
Mrs. J. N. Burson, Philadelphia, accom
panied by Mrs. I. C. Parker and son, San Fran- i
cisco, are occupying a suite at the notel here. j
Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Graf of San Francisco ar- ,
rived by the Santa Rosa on her last trip and i
are staying at the hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. G. F. Jennings of Chicago, who j
have passed several winters here, are again at !
the hotel, and may be seen doily on the aye- I
nue with their handsome lour-in-hand.
J. C. McKinstry is down from San Francisco j
on a brief visit.
The Hon. and Mrs. Thomas Fitch are now oc- j
cupying their residence on Bachelor row, at !
this popular winter resort.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Holloway and two. children
and Miss Lucy Holloway are Montana guests
at the hotel. -:•*'-
C. H. Jenks, superintendent of the Northern
Pacific Railroad, Grand Forks, N. D., accom
panied by Mrs. Jenks, is a guest here.
John Dolbeer and Miss Bertha Dolbeer ex
fect to arrive from san Francisco early in
ebruary for their usual midwinter visit at the
hotel.
Isaac P. Wiser of Prescott, Ont., Canada, cap
tured a fine black bass on Monday weighing
230 pounds.
Dr. H. A. Wolff of London, England, is stay
ing at the hotel.
A. A. Heizmann of Reading, Pa., has arrived
for a two months' visit.
Fred L. King of San Francisco is registered.
__
IN THE FUTURE.
Entertainments, Dances and Re
ceptions Announce-- for January.
Mrs. W. L. Whelan and Mrs. Ed L. Hill are
making elaborate pieparations for a tea and
soci-1 for the benefit ot St. Agnes Church. The
entertainment will take place on Wednesday,
the 20th, at the Hill residence, corner of
Buena Vista avenue and South Broderick
street.
Mrs. Peter Garrity will give an evening
NEW TO-DAY— GOODS.
~^s\our celebr__tecl^ljW* ,^^-_.
<^p # Expels Siid fslove f%
< c_jy*^^
Having the largest Glove Department on the Pacific Coast, our enormous
purchases of Knnel's Kid Gloves enable us to make a startling offer, tbat will
save you over 50 per cent. It is *
THE GREATEST 1118*11 EVER OFFERED GLOVE BUYERS OF S. F.
12,000 Pairs, for
ONE WEEK ONLY, at 95c a Pair,
Beginning Monday, January 18th, and ending Saturday, January 23d. Every
pair guaranteed and fitted by experienced glove titters. After January 23d
these gloves cannot be bought for less than the regular price of $1 50 per pair.
Now on display in our show windows.
**imsJ M<m.6ftf*oj9ATmt> .__>..' "-Bl ____^**%Ml JtA^ftm^mmm^t^
125-127-129-131 KEARNY STREET,
musica'.e and dance at her residence, 1519
Fulton street, on the 27th inst., in aid of St.
Agnes Church. An excellent programme has
been prepared, and the following well-known
ladies and genilemeu have volunteered their
services: Mme. Ellen Coursen-RoecKel, the
Misses Pearl and Maud ' Noble, Miss Mary
O'Donneli, Miss Anna Daly, Miss Nellie Man
gan, Miss Stella Ward, Miss Jennie Johannsen,
Miss Kiltie Miles, Will J. Palethorpe, Arthur
Johannsen, Professor J. Lombardero, Will
"Hlnes, Master George Evans and James H.
Sullivan.
What promises to be a brilliant gathering
will be the fancy dress german, to be given by
the members of the Entre Nous cotillon Friday
evening. January 29, at the Palace Hotel.
Sanford G. Lewald will lead with Miss Beatrice
Hughes. Several new and attractive figures
will be danced.
On Wednesday evening, February 17, tho
members of Borron.ean Council No. 129,
Young Men's Instituie, will give a minstrel
entertainment at Mission Opera Hall. The
affair will conclude with a dance.
The members of the Verona Yacht Club will
give a party on Tuesday evening, January 19,
at Union-square Hall.
«
PERSONALS.
C. Eiwood Brown of Pacific avenue is in
Amador County attending to mining matters.
Miss Siebert entertained Tuesday afternoon
and evening prior to her departure for the
East.
Mrs. Harry Casner will be at home the last
Thursday of each month at 226% Fulton street.
Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Rosen Damn leave the 231
of January for a trip around the world. Tuey
wilt receive Thursday, the 21st iust.
Mr. and Mrs. Demas Colin Babin bave moved
from 2115 Washington street to 2806 Bush
street. At home the second and fourth Thurs
days.
J E. Hendry,, who has been spendine the
holidays with his relatives in this City, leave,
for his home in Denver, Colo., the beginning
of next week.
Miss Lina Jones has removed from. 1022
Geary street to 1310% Ellis street, near La
g Miss Helen Wise of Portland is visiting rela
tives in this City and will receive on the fir _
and third Tuesdays of the month at 1127 Bush
street. *-". _ ...
Mr. and Mrs. J. Radstone and family have
taken rooms at the Van Dyke.
Rev. Dr. Minton and family are over from
their home in Ross Valley jind Maying at the
Occidental Hotel, where Mrs. Minton will re
ceive her friends.
HOMILY ON. MEBVOUSUESS.
Some Practical Ideas That Are Drawn
by _* -Thinking Layman.
The most casual glance at tbe columns
of the newspapers betrays the fact that
nervous complaints, as is recently asserted
dv the medical profession, are greatly on
the increase. Comparison will demon
strate that we Americans are becoming, if
we are not already, the most highly
strung and nervous people in the world,
says the New York Herald.
But nervousness, as expressed by vari
ous well-meaning citizens, seems to be o
certain resentment against noise. I am
considering the point from the vantage or
disadvantage of a layman. Is mere noise
the cause, or simply the evidence of nerv
ousness? That's what I want to know.
To be clearer, is mere noise the creator of
nervousness, or is the universal complaint
of these noises merely the evidence of
growing nervousness? Most of the errors
of reasoning, I believe, are from the con
fusion of cause and effect.
When a letter-carrier suddenly and un
expectedly pipes his thin, shrill whistle up
a vibrant hallway and causes me to start,
it is easy and natural to say he makes me
nervous; and when an elevated train,
brakes down, approaches a station, caus
ing every wheel to scream and shriek, it
"sets my teeth on edge," and the charge
is instantly filed against the railroad com
pany of creating nervous disorders.
Whereas, the facts are I was nervous
already, and the letter-carrier's shrill
whistle only demonstrated it, and if I had
not been a sufferer from nervousness the
elevated noises would simply have had no
effect upon my mind whatever; and if 1
sat down and wrote to the newspapers,
complaining against all these manifold
noises, I should only advertise my nervous
condition to the whole community.
I am aware that I shall run counter to
the popular theory when I assert that
noises have nothing whatever to do with
nervousnes . The nervous person will
jump higher and quicker when silently
approached from tne rear, being unex
pectedly confronted silently in the dark, be
ing suddenly touched by some one to that
moment unseen and unheard, or even
prove more nervous under conditions of
absolute silence. It can be easily demon
strated that a man who can sleep like a
babe on the line of the elevated road wiil
be awakened _t the crow of the chickens
in the country, and yet be unable to sleep
at no sounds at ali. The man who is dis
turbed by the noises of the city is a nerv
ous man who would toss ail night on a
sleepless couch in the dead quiet of the
country. The only reason there is more
nervousness In the country is because our
mode ot life creates nervousness. We
drink more, smoke more, eat more and co
the pace generally — and then to lay it on
to noises.
"Why He Wouldn't Sing.
Not long since, at a social gathering at
the bouse of an intimate friend, a certain
reverend Bishop was jocularly invited by
the hostess to sing, says the Hartford
Times. He declined, saying that the fol
lowing incident woutd fully indicate what
were his talents in the realm of music:
He was once journeying through Pales
tine In company' with a very close ac
quaintance, and one evening, after he and
his friend, who shared the tent with him,
had retired to rest, the Bishop began
humming an old tune with plenty of runs
and repetition.
His companion joined in and the two
soon started a verse of a well-known
hymn. Before the verse ended a donkey
just outside the tent brayed as only a
donkey in the East can bray, and gave
vent to the noi-e with the utmost extent
of iun_;-POwer that he possessed.
Whiie the hills oi Jim eah were sending
back the echoes of this most untimely per
formance the Arab dragoman or guide
put his head inside the tent and, apolo
gizing for his donkey, said:
"Ha! you sing one tune he tink he
knows!"FROM GREATER NEW YORK
Budget of Interesting J.eWs and Qossip
t/\bo\jt the California Colony in the
Eastern JMetropolis
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 11. -Public
reformers insist that New York is the
wickedest city in the world, not even ex
cepting crime-steered Paris. Evidently
they recognize this vast city as an excel
lent field for action, because during the
past two month* daily revivals have been
held at Cooper Union by Messrs. Moody,
Sankey and Dixon, during whic i time
sinning souls and hardened hearts have
been won to the cause of righteousness,
finding a balm in the soothing influence
of religion. In the meantime one of the
most zealous workers in the "Society for
the Prevention of Vice" has become a
raving maniac within the last^ week, and
solemnly declares that his nunc, "is clear,
but that th people about him are the of
fenders. Was he unbalanced by the con
stant contact with misery, want and re
volting vices? The physician are inter
ested in this new patient, and are in every
possible way trying to find some satisfac
tory explanation for "Angel" Dennett's
strange and sudden insanity.
■ The police spend their time in arresting
innocent women and children, while
murders, suicides and burglaries are go
ing on under their noses.
Down in the criminal courts withered
and hardened Judges sit in musty court
rooms and pass judgment on tie poor
human devils who are hustled into their
imbecile presence. Septuagenarians and
octogenarians hold sway in the very
courts where the most discreet gentleness
and consideration should be exercised,
for in these lower courts the man, woman
or child receives the first and perhaps
lasting impression of crime and its un
just punishment. The Judee in such a
court should be a student of human na
ture, discreet and firm. A kind reprimand
and dismissal would o:ten send out into
the world a brave soul bent on doing good
in the future; but an unjust sentence to
a prison cell and prison garb, nine cases
in ten, awakens the demon of revenge,
and pride is murdered in its infancy.
Thus it is that the prisons and insane
asylums are overcrowded, and idiotic
Judges snarl and chuckle over the weep
ing yes before them, and answer with
brutal impatience the frantic appeals for
mercy from the helpiess prisoners. This
is one cause of New York's wickedness.
J. H. Follis of San Francisco arrived in I
town on New Year's day, but hurried into :
the country for a few aays on business.
He has returned to his quarters at the
Gilsey and will probably remain until tbe
first of February.
W. E. Dennison came into the city
about a week ago and put up at a Broad
way hotel.
Miss Irene Tay and Miss Hattie Tay of
San Francisco returned last week from a
very delightful visit down south. They
entertain considerably and altogether are
having a very jolly winter in Gotham.
Mrs. Josiah Belden, wife of the late
Jud-e Josiah Belden of San Jose, is here
with her daughter, Mrs. Randolph Gibson.
" D. P. Davis of San Francisco is at the
Metrojiole. .
Hugh McDonnell, the well-known mmm
c man of San Francisco, is at the Grand.
.Most of his time is passed downtown in
the vicinity of Wall and Broad streets.
. "New York seems to be a Mecca for mining
experts and mine-owners. The atmos
. phere is full of big schemes and the com
ing spring will find some gigantic plans
have proven successful in materializing.
• H. B. Kalisher of San Francisco arrived
the first of the week.
F. A. Grace declares himself merely a '
bird of passage.
Gus Levick sauntered along Broadway a !
few afternoons ago, looking well, but much
inclined to the fatty degeneration which
attacks those in his profession after the
age of 35. Gus Levick twelve years ago
was considered one of the representative
romantic actors in America. He is still
a good actor, but magnificent offers are
his no more. He has a little son in San
Francisco who has inherited much of his
father's talent and some of his good looks.
His name is Gu3 Levick Jr. Already the
little chap has carried off honors as a
baby Thespian. The Rialto is not so
crowded just now as it has been. The
reason may be that before the holidays
a great many companies were organized
to leave town about that time. In a few
more weens, unless business continues
good, the ambitious actors and actresses
will be hustled back to town, and new
raids will be mad eon the theatrical agents'
and managers' offices.
Apropos, Madge Morris Wagner, the
gifted poet of the Western slope and the
famous author of "Liberty Bell. "has writ
ten several new plays during the past
year. One was presented at the Opera
house in Denver, Colo. Another play of
novel construction and unique plot will
in all probability be put on at some lead
ing New York theater. Negotiations are
now 'being carried on with two of New
York's most prominent managers and
matters are being satisfactorily adjusted
for am early hearing in the spring. Madge
Morris Wagner is at present in Denver,
Colo., and will likely come on to New
York before returning to California.
F. .H. Ames and L. W. Coleman are
guests at tLe Waldorf.
Brigadier-General William F. Cody, bet
ter known as the great and daring tighter
of. the Indians, "Buffalo Bill," is at his
old headquarters in the Hoffman House.
General Cody has been spending the last
len months in the Middle Western States.
S-veral months were passed in exhibiting
to the larger cities his great "Wild West
show," and the remainder of his time has
been occupied in overseeing bis ranches
and ranges in Nebraska and Wyoming. i
General Cody is the ideal of physical
health and vigor. His handsome face is j
full of the bronze-red shading which be
speaks years of outdoor life hand in hand
with nature.
Ira D. Orton of San Francisco is a guest
at the Holland.
Henry T. Scott arrived last Wednesday.
T. T. Williams has been under the care
of a crowd cf friends ever since his arrival
last Tuesday. H. has been made wel
come on all sides and kept buay drinking
deeply to the first month of the new year.
Mr. Williams is quartered at the Imperial.
Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Stetson has been
quite in evidence lately. The other even
ing she read a number of her ; original
poems at a woman's club downtown, and
met with a very hearty reception. Being
the niece of the late Henry Ward Beeeher,
that grand old man, her gilts and talents
seem .to be ncr rightful heritage. Mrs.
Stetson has not decided when she will re
turn to California, as there is much de
mand for her literary work here in the
East. It will be_ remembered that Mrs.
Stetson was one of the editors of the
unique though short-lived little magazine,
The Impress, which was published in San
Francisco during several stormy months.
Trella Foltz Tolaxd. .
34 Park row.
A Most Wonderful
Machine of War
Tf^-T'^ERE is an invention, just made pub
•"■■J^ lie. which the foremost military
| ."4? authorities of the world say is
j likely to change the entire war problem.
I It is called the autocar, and is an inven
j tion which transports a lattery of two
| rapid-fire guns, two soldiers and 10,000
j rounds of ammunition over ground at a
speed not exceeding forty-five miles an
hour.
This remarkable invention, which is
J shown in the accompanying illustration,
I is practically the latest war machine
j which the brain of man lias conceived. It
I is designed by E. J. Pennington of Coven
| try, England, and a practical trial has
! proved it a distinct success. The vehicle
t rests upon four wheels of solid steel with
j solid lubber tires four inches in diameter.
THE AUTOCAR, LIKELY TO REVOLUTIONIZE MODERN WARFARE.
I It is heavily armored and warranted to
withstand any sort of fire except that of
artillery.
The motive power of the autocar, is a
sixteen horsepower electric motor, which
is very compact, located in the safest part
of the car. The car is shaped at the front
somethine after the fashion of the bow of
the monitor, and really looks not unlike a
huge turtle. The rapid-fire guns, which
are discharged by machinery, are mounted
front and rear, although vhey can be
swung from side to side if necessary. It
is the intention of the originator of the
car, however, to have the battery work
just as the guns are pointed in the illus
tration.
Tbe car is easily managed and can be
I steered in any direction desired by means
of awheel that looks something like the
| brake of an ordinary freightcar. The
wheels and the running gear cf the inven
tion are so constructed that turns at
acute angles can be made without danger
of upsetting and thus crippling the powers
of the car. Not only is-this true, but the
maneuvers can be accomplished while the
car is running at a speed close to forty
miles an hour, though the inventor thinks
that careful management might enable
them to be made at the speed limit, which
is forty-five miles an hour.
As stated, the guns of the car are both
of the rapid-fire variety and are capable of
causing tremendous execution, as they are
regulated to fire the ammunition at the
rate of 50 to 700 rounds per minute. The
possibilities of the autocar are almost lim
itless. In the first place the rapidity of
locomotion is such that it could almost
enfilade an entire regiment of itself be
j fore a single battery could be brought into
j action against it. The ordinary infantry
j fire would be like so much bird shot, so
j far as crippling the machine or its crew
are concerned, lt would be as impregna
ble to anything as the most modern fort.
Again, a half dozen ot these machines
sent through the streets of a city after the
besieging troop*, had gained entrance
j would do more damage than as many regi-
I ments of the finest infantry or cavalry
j that ever wore uniform. It is more like
the constant discharge from heavy bat
teries going af a keen gallop than any
thing else, and there is no veteran of any
war who does not realize how often the
wish has been expressed that the artillery
could go into action without having to
stop every time to limber up. ;
Perhaps, however, the most important
fact of all regarding the autocar is that it
! opens the way to a class of invention
which is likely to entirely revolutionize
modern methods of war on land. No less
authority than Major Flood Page, one of
the greatest military geniuses of to-day, is
quoted as saying that with the coming of
tne autocar the class' of engines ".. of war
known as automotive has come into ex
istence. For many year.*_ there have been
all sorts of theories as to the transporta
tion of engines of war on the field of bat
tle. Past experience has shown that' in
every battle . at le<»st 33J4 per cent of the
artillery has become practically useless
soon after going into action. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
Another thing is the need of rapid
movement ot batteries from one point to
another. , Rarely does it happen that a
battle is fought where the face of the
country is not absolutely mountainous
that quick transportation of artillery does
not, or would not, often save the day, which
seems irretrievably lost. With the auto
motives the problem of rapid transporta
tion would be solved. No longer would
it be necessary for, the impatient com
manders to await the approach of artillery
drawn by plunging horses. Instead, the
autocar would flash from point to point
at the speed of an express train. So
strongly is it built tbat it could move over
almost any kind of ground. The engine
is of . sufficient power to drive it through
places where the ordinary gun carriage
would stick hard and fast, its tires of
heavy rubber would Rive it a buoyancy
that nothing in the way of present wheels
of artillery would approach. In fact the
ordinary evils and dangers which beset
[ the modern artillery would be as nothing
to the autocar.
Not only is the principle of transporta
tion, which the autocar represents, appli
cable to the moving about of artillery, but
it is held there is no reason why it
should not eventually be applied with
equal success to the transportation of
troops. What, it is asked, is to hinder
the construction of a number of autocars
of sufficient size to accommodate from
twenty-five to forty men. It is held that
the result would practically be the move
ment of troops from one point to another
at all times at railroad speed. The neces
sity for the constant watching of railroad
tracks, the endless delays of tearing up
the rails and burning up the bridges would
be altogether avoided. The army would
have its railroad cars with it at all times,
while the rails would never have to be
considered.
The autocar utilized as a means of trans
portation lor other than artillery could
also be made exceedingly valuable in
moving supplies. It would have to be
sharp action indeed that wouid seize a
supply train of this sort, for it would be
just as easy to arm every supply car as to
let it go in defenseless condition. Every
supply train would then be protected by
rapid-fire batteries and an attempt to take
a train of this sort would be almost as dis
astrous as a general engagement, for it
would require a very considerable number
of troops to successfully accomplish such
an undertaking.
Whatever may be the future of the auto
car, however, there is no gainsaying what
the invention that is in existence today
can accomplish. So formidable an engine
of war it is that ihe military eye of the
world is turned upon it.
UNLUCKY JEIOIAL SAILOES.
Nearly All of Them Have Some Bad
Accident to Their .Discredit.
Somehow or other royal and imperial
princes who have adopted seafaring life as
a profession seem to be pursued with ill
luck. At Petersburg not long ago the
Grand Duke Alexis, Lord High Admiral
of the Russian fleet, managed to run his
yacht into the Russian steamship Liinor
no with little damage to the latter, but in
juring the yacht to the extent of some 100,
--| 000 roubles.
His brother-in-law, the Duke of Coburg,
quitted active service in the British navy
with his record besmirched by the loss of
his flagship, the Sultan, on a rock near
Malta. The Queen's nephew. Admiral
the Prince Leiningon, is celebrated in par
ticular for his feat in running down the
yacht Mistletoe in. the Solent while in
command of the royal yacht, the Queen
herself being on board. Several lives were
lost in this collision.
The sailor brother of the Emperor of
Germany has hitherto escaped maritime
disaster from tbe relatively small amount
of sea service that he has done. But his
misfortunes on land have been uncom
monly numerous, especially when he has
j been out shooting. Not only did he se-
I verely injure a Greek gentleman by the
I accidental discharge of his gun at Corfu
i some years ago, but there is also a game-
I keeper of his uncle, the Grand Duke of
Baden, who is in receipt of a handsome pen
sion Irom the Prince for the serious wound
resulting from his carelessness in hand
ling a gun. •
Archduke John of Austria, who passed
the examination necessary to secure his
papers as a licensed skipper, disappeared
from sight a few years ago while rounding
Cape Horn in his ship, and no one knows
to this day whether he is alive or dead.
Indeed, the only royal sailor, princes who
have -escaped mishap are the Dune of
I York and the Italian Duke of Genoa.—
London American. .
Tom Hood's "Vagabond Clothes.
One of Tom Reed's cast-off suits of
clothing is wandering about 1 the country
on the person of a vagabond barber, who
was in a party of tramps that broke into
Reed's cottage at Grand Beach last sum
mer.: The fact leaked out In the Portland
Police Court, where one of the tramps was
arraigned on Saturday, and now the Cum
berland County officials want to get a pull
on that vagabond, barber's whiskers.
Meanwhile all _ persons : are \ cautioned;
against bestowing hospitalities or courte- ,
sies upon any Tom Reed's clothes un
less Mr. 'Reed is present to vouch "for
them.— Lewiston Journal. •
BANKERS FAVOR
CALIFORNIA ASPHALT
A Petition Sent to the
; Supervisors on the
Subject.
They Ask That the Present
Street-Paving Specifications
Be Changed.
A Letter From the Highways Com
mittee of the Wheelmen Indorses
the Movement
In furtherance of the movement for bet
ter streets initiated by the Merchants'
Association, the Associated Improvement
Clubs, Wheelmen's League and other
kindred bodies, a petition signed 'by the
principal bankers and property-owners of
San Francisco has b_en sent to the Board
of Supervisors requesting that new street
paving specifications be drawn admitting
California asphalt upon equal terms of
competition with other materials at pres
ent employed. , . y ;-'-.* AJ.
The petition, which is signed by promi
nent merchants and bankers, is as follows:
Gentlemen The undersigned respectfully
petition your honorable body to adopt specifi-
cations for street-paving and side-walking
with California asphalt, in order to give the
taxpayers and property-owners of our City the
benefit of the competition of this material
with other street-paving materials, and in
order to produce the best paved streets at the
least cost.
Under the present specifications the only
smooth pavement permitted is that made of
bituminous rock, which i. often far from per
fect. The irtroduetion of asphalt, which is
the standard paving material of the East, will
raise the quality of the work done here, and at
the same time by competition will lower the
cost. •
It Is not proposed herein to restrict or pro
hibit the use of any material at present em
ployed. It is desired only to widen the compe
tition to the end that our City may readily
and at the least expense enjoy the use of pave
ments equal to the best that can be laid.
William Aivord, Bank of California; E* B.
Pond, San Francisco Savings Union;
E. J. Le Breton, French Bank; B. A.
Becker. German Bans; Daniel Meyer; Sig
Greenebaum, London, Paris and American
Bank; James R. Kelly, Hibernia Bank; I. W.
Hellman, Nevada Ban!:; S. C. Bigelow, Savings
and Loan Society ; James K. Wilson, Sather
Bank; Homer S. King, Wells- Farso Bank;
John D. Tallant, Tallant Bank; P. N.
Lilienthal, Ang o-Cahforninn Bank; Lovell
White. San Francisco Savings Union;
W. Steel, Loudon and San Francisco
Bank; J. A. Donohoe, Donohoc-Kclly;
Adolph C. Weber, George H. Luchslnper, Hum
boldt Bank; Main & Winchester; Miller &
Lux; G. W/McNear; William R. Sherwood,
Sherwood A Sherwood; Robert J. Tobin, Hi
bernia Bank; Louis Sloss & Co.; Alaska Com
mercial Company ; George A. Newhall, H. M.
Newhall & Co. Haas Bros.; Levi Strauss &
Co.; W. Powell, -Bank of British Columb. a;
Lippman Sachs, Sachs Bros. & Co. ; S. G. Mur
phy, First National Bank; John J. Valentine,
Wells, Fargo & Co. Adam Grant, Murphy,
Grant & Co ; William H. Crocker, Crocker-
Woolworth Bank; Union Iron Works; Lloyd
Tevis; Claus Spreckels.'
Accompanying the petition is the fol
lowing letter from the highway improve
ment committee of the North California
Division, League of American Wheelmen:
San Fkancisco, Jan. 15. 1897.
To the Honorable" Board of Supervisors of the
City and County of San Francisco Gentlemen:
It has been brought to the attention of this
committee that our present street specifica
tions make no provisions whatever for the use
oi California asphalt as a material for street
paving in this City.
From the investigation of this committee we
are able to state that this material is recog
nized as of great value for paving purposes by
many municipalities, and it is our belief that
the . specifications of : this City and County
should bo so modified as to afford an oppor
tunity for its use in our pavements.
We therefore urge upon your honorable
body the early adoption of such specifications
as will permit the use of Calilornia asphalt in
competition, with; other materials' now used
upon our streets, believing that this exten
sion in the range ot paving materials will re
sult in better streets through the added ele
ment of competition thus provided for. Re
spectfully, •■ ~
Highway Improvement Committee North
California Division * . League of American
Wheelmen, C. Michener, Secretary.
A Great Find.
One of the greatest finds of treasure ever
Known was that of a Russian in the village
of Starogarsiki., The man was a resident
on the estate of . Prince Ostersby, whose
ancestors » were plundered ; and expelled
f rom their.possessions by the Tartars. The
treasure was probably secreted by the fam
ily at the time. The man had been given
his clew somehow or -another,' and he
worked ten years before finding anything.
At last he came across twelve 7 large boxes
filled with very ancient coins of fine gold,
besides many other articles of _. gieat
value. The total v.due '.of., the find was
given at ? 17,000,000 rubies, two-thirds of
which went to the state and one-third to
the tinder, making his share about $3,000,
--000. ■*.....■•. -.■■_.-,.
NEW TO-DAT— DRT GOODS.
UU Murphy Building, / 1/1/ Murphy Building, J (/[/ Murphy Building, /
Market aid Jones Streets. Market ami 3m Streets. Martet an_ Jones Streets.
ANOTHER WEEK oor great sacrifice
AINUIL_-_\ W CC^ CLEARANCE SALE con-
OF OUR tinues to be the attraction of
____, . m—r the town, and most deservedly
GREAT so, for it is A SALE WITH-
e a _-t-_tt-t_-t- OUT A PARALLEL IN
SACRIFICE THE ANNALS OF DRY
n FAT?AMPP <. AT P GOODS HISTORY and pre-
\__L_____ii>_r___>.v-___ _. _c__L____. sents a never-ending succession
of BARGAIN SURPRISES, no matter what department is visited.
We substantiate these assertions in a most convincing manner
and offer the strongest kind of inducements to an early call by submit-
ting herewith a few examples of the
Radical Reductions Made for This Week's Trade*
CC\\ nDPH 145 pieces DOUBLE- FOLD DRESS Dl Afk' 37 pieces 39-INCH FIGURED AL-
*WV7l__.V_/IVI--L' GOODS, in plain and mottled ef- L_> l__. lV PACA, worth 50c a yard. Special 9^
pvrjrj^^ * iect¥. former price 25c a oard, on AKp HDCCC sale price --- _-00
_-_-^-r-_»^_- special sac a f^ 35 pieces 38-INCH ALL PURE WOOL
QOODS. . 121 pieces 36-IN. H GOOD ALL- fiOODS PLAID, BOURETTES, extra good _)X/»
**"*•" WOOL DRESS GOODS, in strines v»wv_» »-'•-'• value for 50c a yard. Special sale price --OO
and mixed two-toned colorings, former price 50c a(p*Tp — ■
yard, on special sale at &Ovj 23 piece 3 44 INCH ALL-WOOL C REPON, actual value 9K„
92 pieces 37-INCH FRENCH TARTAN PLAIDS, bright o*_r n 50c a yard, will be closed out at m.Ob
colorings, former price -0c a yard, on special saie at mddvj ,i _- . . "
86 pieces 38-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL SCOTCH CHEV- 17 pieces 58-INCH ENGLISH BOUCLE, worth $125a[r- p
* RON SUITING, former price s_c a yard, on special *>£„ y ard ' wIU be closed out at OOKj
saie at OOvj • —
141 nieces 43-INCH HIGH-CLASS FRENCH NOVELTY W o _? woSh« C * a vS? ?_?!__" SSS^* 3 ™ ° HEVI "BSC
SUITING, latest weaves and colorings, former price -A ots, worth $1 50 a yard. Special sale price OOxj
$1 25 a yard, on special sale at **■» vjvj ; — "^
72 pieces 42 and 48 INCH HIGH-GRADE ALL-WOOL - *••"
AND SILK AND WOOL DRESS GOODS, former price 7 * CII If 60 pieces FANCY FIGURED TAFFETA
$125 and $1 50 a yard, on special sale at. i Dij 1 1__ IV. SILK, regularprice 85c, clearance sale XKn
69 pieces 44-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY DRESS DEPT. ***** »™^. ..-. ;
. GOODS in. checks, figured, boucle and mixed, former _tl 00 „„ . -,„„„--,■■. . -,_ nm n,nn-, m . r^-, . _,**■*, -^
I price $160 a yard, on special sale at &L- 50 pieces FIGURED AND STRIPED TAFFETA SILK, /»-„
j , ...... — regular price $1, clearance sale price vJOxj
72 pieces 41-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL ENGLISH DI- :
AGONAL NAVAL SERGE, lormer price 75c a yard, on fTA p 2 0 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, medium and 7 -_.
special sale at wvu - large designs, regular price $1, clearance sale price «OC
62 pieces 52- INCH FINE ALL-WOOL NAVY STORM, .
in Surah and Diagonal weaves, former price $1 2. a 7K 20 pieces 24-INCH BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE, regu- <t1 00
yard, on special sale at I DLi a r price $150, clearance sale price -PA. —
IVIPM'Q 250 dozen MEN'S and *__#>«»*_ PHIRDHI- 100,000 yards CAM-
JVIL_i> _Z5 BOYS' HEM- »^#ftUw JCiTIOKwI- BRIC GUIPURE
WPAD STITCHED HAND- . '»_i__Wf?Ps. HFDIPS. EMBROIDERY.
>V C/AJX.. KERCHIEFS, Iarge f «»!___■______} UC_\lCO. regularprice 9 a
size, with white and fancy borders, _.^s«-__3lfc. 7)_ c a yard, special sale price OC
regular price $1 20 a dozen. Clear- (T^
ance sale price each l). mC^^^i^^ . __« , „.,,„„. ,_ .__ .
aa a _ii.-v._ TJT^vQ tt xr W^~W^'' 150,000 yards CAMBRIC and NAIN-
-96 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' UN- ___ % - W ROOK GUIPURE EMBROID-
-1 A ITNPI.HPT» AVIIITF .HTRTS «X T~ )W EV-r" VjUlifU UU. Jt._U__>KOID-
LAUNDERED -J\ 11 ITE SHIR IS, TTi*%^ ERY, regular price 10c and 12Uc a R.
made with double backs, re-en- F^^aWW '- yard, special sale price.... ....V. .. OC
forced all-linen inserted oosoms, _ B '_ _rf* ; *^fcjfT?*_ J .. __T ; _g__.
felled seams and of Utica nonpa- .^tS^^^AV^^'^ V^®^'^?^m_^^S__. *
reil cloth, worth $1 each. Clearance CAp mss^SSf^t^^ ■':-*.;'...- .iS»?S!*^_k. 200,000 varus CAMBRIC, NAIN-*
sale price. __. OvJb jf^m^Q^i 3|:r. : - "■>'•'■■ V'jNSS^ak SOOK and SWISS GUIPURE EM-
-76 dozen MEN'S HEAVY ME- flS?s_£» i A • * : '- ' *' ' - /4^S__?**>B BROIDERY, regular price 20c a lA.
RINO SOCKS, full finished, with W^^mf^^iWM'-' " *-'^T^E ll *^8'??^« ■ y"^ 6pecial 6ale ' rice - 1 ""
double-spliced heels and toes, regu- _B^-___F__Eg/l__^j'"' "■' " ?, 'Rffl_|^*_j^iSi' , l
Jar price 26c a pair. Clearance |at m^rW-WMti W'" ■"'-'"' -7 ____|fi__2__rJ 175.000 yards CAMBRIC. NAlN-
sale price li. 2C W^fLp^Sf »V ''' : :'^^'f9P^^W SOOK and SWISS GUIPURE EM-
-42 dozen MEN'S HEAVY CAM- t&aammmWmW ■ ' iWsss£?k _^_aS_r BROIDERY, regular price and it*
ELS-HAIR UNDERSHIRTS and Jlfp'-lgr-p. j|_PSS^ -■ 35c a yard, special sale price lt»C
DRAWERS, silk finished and war- f • *■ ? A-^J^&^jt-r
ranted thoroughly shrunk, regular I _Jffi^li^?WK_-r * ' I?IRF_ONI"^ Nos. 5 and 7
price $1 25 each." Clearance sale fi. rt _______J^"* ••'■'"'■ ' • _4_ MUUU..__., ALL-SILK.
-rice OJC idCfi^' : % : \a\'S MACK_IN= SATIN and
HO^IPPV 10 ° <lozn LA " I^L^i^^^isk^M "T-OCMCC grain
nU^lfcKY dies' BLACK /«_Mfitffira_S_&"^ TOSHES. RIBBON in
DEP'T }foS? h^? T: .- 0 -H '^^ assorted colors, value 73.? a yam" i ft
, . , HO..L, high spliced '*^<*WskW&&F^ will be closed out at. ............ 4C
heels, double soies and toes. Hernia. . A *.„
dorf dye. worth $4 per dozen. IK* ft f\k\y nCDADTIWCMTI No - " ALL-SILK. SATIN AND
Clearance sale price per pair IDC vLUAIV -JCKAK 1 -TICIN 1 I GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, in as-
-87 dozen .. LADIES' 4 -THREAD sorted colors, value 20c a yard, fn.
BLACK COTTON HOSE, double will be closed out at IV_i
heels, soles and toes. Hermsdorf LADIES' MIXED TAN CLOTH
dye, regular price 50c a pair. Clear- Ola JAC KET S, English fronts. MISSES' MACKINTOSHES, in
ance sale price...... 003& storm collar, like cut, former &A Q*? navy and mixed colors, value tf-») Aa
75 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIB- price $8 50, clearance sale price ¥*»wO $3, will be closed out at epitl/v
BED EGYPTIAN COTTON T1 „ nop , ~T"_r mmmmm.
FLEECED VESTS, high neck, L *4^« S o (t^° capes) MACKIN-
. long sleeves; ankle length drawers " TOSHES, in navy \ blue ' value *0 C A
to match, worth sue each. Clear- ()-. *°' will be closed out at. epd.OV
ance sale price tOO '«*.__.____ .«. . •_-_*, . _.., _. _
63 dozen LADIES' ENGLISH SA- A NOTION B^i?& WathS
TEEN CORSETS, extra long Aft ' ncn COLLARP^TPq .?
wast, high bust, two side steels -. |^__f DEPT. frSh X!? '
each side, handsomely embroi- $«SSBIs ____ "Iw.t Vr__l« »•«■ HpV. -.?««"'
dered with silk flossing and made «BSs_s_fe_?# j/ *-S AS ", f ' £ „-•
with patent loop eyelets, black _f^^K^ M^nch from «V? 5 to $1850 aDd in '4,
and drab, regular {.rice $1 50. *| Aft «^ST^^ 54 inch from $0 .5 to $18 50.
Clearance sale rr^ee -M.VV l^^^ffife 60 dozen NARROW JET EDGE GIMP,
iy"ip* 112 dozen 4-BUTTON UN- ' &&m .-" ? ffis& ', ><. inch, reduced from 15c to 10c a yard.
Ivl-LJ DRESSED KID button.' ■*_-___SB*^'^ ' Our stock of COLORED BEAD TRIM-
_r.l OVCC Inrce button. J^Ji«^^S_L our atock of COLORED BEAD TRIM-
ULUVhb. colors tan mode __f^SS^^^?_l_____ MINGS AND REMNANTS reduced to
and slate, regular price $1, Clear- PA |^|i|^^l^^^^*^ l _fi|^W half rlee '
ance sale price OUC rf^^^^^^^^^^»^mw MISSES' AND LADIES' BLACK SILK
100 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, afß-i".* W. , ' V ; * : >* f -"» SIDE OSE SUPPORTERS. "Wanen's
embroMered backs (large buttons), C*_^ 7 . " '"' ■■•-' '■'' '•■- * ' lEk*^ Genuine Clasp," reduced from 25c to 15c
in medium tan shades, also blacK, J-- _ • ; c;.' " : •'"*.-" W£ and 35c to 20c a pair,
regu.ar price $1 ,5, clearance sale tjfo "^^^H ' V ..Wanen's" WHITE~BELT SUPPORT-
-100 dozen ' 5-HOOK KID GLOVES," IJP^| B&r^ ERS " *" SiZSS ' reaUCed from 20c t0 10c a
in black, regular price $1 25, clear- ■■' -^^^^JcOSjA PaiF *
ance sale price..:.....:..........;. 1 01 "--'* *V»n : BIDE SUPPORTERS, children's, sc:
98 dozen 4-BUTTON GENUINE LADIES' TWO- TONED • ladies', 10c a pair. .
FRENCH KID GLOVES, em- BOUCLE CLOTH CAPES,
broidered backs and large but- lined with siik serge, storm BLACK, REAL MOHAIR AND BLACK
tons, colors tan, mode and collar and fronts edged with SILK TUBULAR BRAID SETS, and
brown, also black, regularprice *| A A black Thibet fur, former price &A QJC in Hussar styles, with and without
$150, clearance sale price '- ■• - tpI.VV $9. clearance sale price........ _P_t.«7eJ epaulettes, at lowest prices.
R! ANICPT We have closed out the entire line HTHPD We have special values in our Linen
___)!___. /A IV _-. 1 . of Fine White Blankets of the U I TIC_K Department this week, and it will in-
RII^IMP - Q STOCKTON WOOLEN MILLS. cnCriAl C terest purchasers to investigate our
U*-/__» I _L_.__._k_9* . These are all high-grade fine Califor- OrCvl A L.O. values. Besides these we shall throw
-■■■■:.., nia wool goods, beautifully made. out tbe following:
The fact that we offer them at about half their value should be -
appreciated by blanket buyers. _ The reason is that we bought FAST EDGE CHECK LINEN GLASS TOWELING _■__.
them cheap, and as the end of the blanket season will be soon ■ "•_<.___..-. £)(»
upon us we are determined to make a clean sweep of them. "••••, _»
■ "* LADIES' BLACK SATEEN SKIRTS, wide bell shape 7--,
. bottom, were $1 25, but now are . 100
LOT 1-FINE WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, from __.«__-,__»____ __r-T7^S77-«
the Stockton Mills, 66 inches wide, not many left, ©Q OK YARD-WIDE LONSDALE MUSLIN, soft finish ftp
per pair................... ......._".'... -|Jt)»_-0 ) • ••• •••••• U4U
— -' ODDMENTS, HIGH-GRADE" TENNIS FLANNELS, X-,
LOT 2— Same grade as lot 1, but made for extra large (go Q^ '* ...:..;■.... ..■....■...:..... — ..... _»_#
beds, the $6 kind, over 6 feet wide, per pair ........ «pD._/_> BEST STAPLE GINGHAMS— not the common kind. ... K/»
LOT 3— A heavier grade than lot 1 and same size (for PINHEAD WHITE DOT SWISS, 42 inches wide, the KA«
c beds), solid and durable, a $5 75 blanket, <J»q OK 75c grade. This week..;..... OvJvj
per pair............................................ -PD.OO GOOD GRADE ALL-WOOL WHITE FLANNEL, was IK/,
■ 25c a yard. This week's price:....... lOC.
L 0T T a mwb o w An? Jf^v^^ G t\ A E 7 li i E BLEACHED TABLE DAMASKS, 59 inches wide, aOAp
LAMBS-W OOL BLANKETS, 72 inches wide, the ©/I 7X good line of patterns. This week . _aUC .
$7 50 blanket. Special this week per pair...... f|J _b. 4 e_» — * _
________ IRISH LINEN HUCK TOWELS, size 19x39 inches, Cl OK
fully bleached, per dozen ............ ....... V..". ._P_l..<_)e_»
LOT S— HEAVIEST TEXTURE FINE WHITE ©_ KA -^^r^^. ' '>■■
BLANKETS, same as lot 1, on sale at .... tM.DI. ERINGED TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS, for small
■ ■---■ *:-. " *,■-•. . tables, a dose weave, reversible, were 75c each, to 9*
; v .*.-'._ "-" ■■-..- -■ ■ • '/'*.': ciose at... . . DOC
WT pu«?£?o^ the EnUre $6.00 Another lot BLEACHED i IRIsiTLINEN NAPKINS/21 Q^.
F , - J * m i_-^ ....... ..... — _-.*_>_r inches square, to be placed on sale at, per dozen *Ju\j
lii/ Niurphy Building, ./ f/U Wurphy Building, / 1/1/ Murphy Building, / ,
Maris, and Jones Streets. ;. Market ani Jones Streeti I Market ani Jones Streets.
2122
©-_* ' ,_„, _fi-tt
___A^r- i__^ss4ls^S^,
SUNDAY JAM AKV 17. 1t"97
CHARLES M. SMO«TRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Cam* one week, by carrier.. $0.18
Daily end Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . .. 6.00
Dally arid Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail x.50
Y. kiiKLY Call, one year, by mail '...<• x.iQ
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:..0 o'clock.
359 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
Until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street open until 9 o'clock.
167 Ninth street; open uutil 9 o'clock.
1305 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Tbere is talk of the carnival.
_—. •-
We are to have a City full of high jinks.
It was a wet holiday, but enthusiasm
wasn't dampened.
Bargain days are flying fast. There will
soon be a spring in prices.
It begins to look a little bit as if the
Swanhilda were an airship.
Fourth street should whirl in and help
itself to a few of the improvements it
needs.
We have rejoiced in the victory over the
funding bill and now let us prepare for the
next fight.
The temporary payroll at Sacramento
seems to have been as big a stuffed
prophet as old Grover.
It was a real genuine officially pro
claimed holiday yesterday, but -a good
many people didn't observe it.
The Park Commission deserves a fair
show, for it has given the people one
abounding with lovely prospects.
People who are asking undue appropria
tions for their own counties nave little
right to demand economy elsewhere.
The finishing touches are being rapidly
put on the Cabinet and the country can
now see the shape it is going to have.
As the coming Secretary of State Senator
Sherman's next remark about Cuba will
not be allowed to drop with a dull thud.
Idaho legislators are getting more fun
out of three candidates for the Senate than
a summer girl could get out of three lovers
in one notel.
If the Cubans haven't taken the city of
Santa Clara there is at any rate sufficient
evidence for believing they captured the
telegrapn wire.
An Eastern paragrapher asserts that no
other invention ever caused so much talk
as the telephone, but it is clear he over
looked the hat.
There isn't a woman in the United States
who doesn't consider all the guesses at
McKiniey's cabinet as a mere exhibition
of masculine curiosity.
The best thing the visitor to the Home
Products Fair at Los Angeles will see will
be the city itself. That is a home product
the whole State is proud of.
The elevation of John Sherman to the
office of Secretary of State will leave an
Ohio senatorship open to Mark Hanna or
a fight and possibly to both.
The purchase of new d.esks for the com
mittee-rooms at the Capitol confirms the
suspicions of two years ago that the last
Legislature pocketed the old ones.
We would have been mure gratified by
the report from Washington that t .c con
struction of our postoffice building will
begin in June if the supervising architect
had been good enough to specify which
June.
In his new book, "The Mystery of
Sleep," John Bigelow declares that ere
long the art of sleeping will be taught in
all our scientific schools. This seems to
be another attempt of science to intrude
on the church.
If the Caledonian Club adopts the pro
posed resolution appropriating $1000 from
the club funds for the Burns monument
the success of the work will be virtually
assured. A sum like that will be a pedes
tal on which everybody will be willing to
build.
A story that the Pacific Short Line
would soon begin an extension of its road
to San Francisco was reported about two
weeks ago and then denied. As it is now
reported again it is evident there is some
thing in it. even if nothing more than an
ability to keep to the front.
The league recently organized by so
ciety ladies in Los Angeles to exclude re
porters from social functions will flourish
gayly until the first big ball is given, and
then eacn particular member of the league
will stand "like quills upon a fretful por
cupine" because her gown wasn't de
scribed right.
New York has not yet completed her
new Capitol but she has outgrown it, and
there is now a demand for an appropria
tion for a building for the library and the
Court of Appeals. Thus the song in New
York to-day is the same it was when the
work began: '"That's the way the money
goes; pop goes the weasel."
The proposal in Congress to refer the
settlement of the Pacific roads' debts to a
commission, to be composed of the Secre
tary of the Treasury, Secretary of the
Interior and the Attorney-General, will
give a new interest to the make-UD of Mc-
Kinley's Cabinet. Who are to be the men
to' whom the work is to be intrusted?
The efforts which will be made at this
session of the Legislature to obtain an ap
propriation for the improvement of Sacra
mento River and the drainage of the
swamp lands 'will deserve the most favor
able consideration which can'; be given
them with a due regard for economy.
Sooner or later this important work must
be undertaken, and if the btate begins it
we can with more reason ask assistance
from the National Government. • j
A MONUMENT TO BAKER.
A bill has been introduced before the Legislature of California providing for an
appropriation of the sum of $15,000 for the erection of a monument to the memory of
Colonel E. D. Baker in Golden Gate Park.
The bill should be reported and acted upon early in the session, with no discussion
save that which overflows with eulogy, and it should be passed without a dissenting
vote. If there is any name to which the State of California owes a lons overdue debt
of gratitude it iB that of Edward D ckinson Baker. If there is any one whose eloquent
words, whose heroic deeds and whose exalted genius deserve to live in marble Colonel
Baker is that one. '
Born an Englishman, brought to America in his infancy, reared amid those aids
to culture which formed the atmosphere of a scholarly father's home, remarkable
from his childhood for restlessness of spirit, quickness of intellect, power and felicity
of expression, he naturally entered and moved along with the great westward current
of the second quarter century of our National life. A pioneer of Illinois, he was
there in the flush of his youth and the earlier expansion of
his genius; a friend and companion of Lincoln and Douglass and
Trumbull and Wentworth and other great men of their rugged type. In the West he
found room for the exercise of his varied talent and rapidly rose to eminence in his
professional and political career. At the age of 26 he was a member of the Assembly
of Illinois and at 33 he entered Congress as a Representative from that State. In such
forums his eloquence began to give him a National reputation. Peace, however, was
too tame for Baker's araent soul and when the Mexican War came on he recruited a
regiment and went to the front.
He was with Taylor at Matamoras and with Scott at Vera Cruz. He returned with
the rank of colonel, and was again elected to Congress in the year 1849.
Three years thereafter Colonel Baker came to California. He was then 41 years of
age and was in the fullness x_f his intellectual strength and vigor. He engaged in the
practice of the law and speedily achieved a State-wide reputation therein. His ener.
gies, however, were soon to be devoted to a nobler and a wider sphere. The
great question of human liberty began to set the minds and hearts of men
aflame from ocean to ocean, and in its discussion Colonel Baker became the foremost
figure on the Pacific Coast.
From 1855 to 1860 he was in fact the most fearless, the most eloquent
and the most powerful exponent and apostle of freedom on this side of the
continent. He preached liberty from tho hilltops and throughout all the valleys
of our Golden State, until men of less ardent souis caught the inspiration of
his magic utterance and themselves became bold and great. From him Broderick
learned to be right and Starr King to be eloquent in the cause of liberty to all men
without regard to race, color or conditions of servitude. It cannot be doubted that
Baker did more to make and to keep California loyal to the Union in its time of
trouble than did any other man.
When the hour of civil conflict came and his country needed the sword
more than the tongue, Baker was among the first to take up arms in defense
of the principles of freedom he had so eloquently proclaimed. He laid aside
the toga of a Senator of the United States to wear the epaulets of a colonel and
organizing a regiment went to the nearest point where tbe enemies of his country
might be found and fought. It was Balls Bluff, and there he fell among the earliest
as one of the most illustrious martyrs to the Union cause. From the far
East his remains were reverently borne to California, to be laid away
among the people whose ideal he had been. They rest ' at Lone
Mountain, beneath a neglected stone, waiting for California
to awaken to a sense of its duty to the orator, the statesman, the patriot and the
soldier, whose name makes glorious every page of her history upon which it has been
written.
Will California permit herself to longer endure the reproach of ingratitude
to the memory of Elward Dickinson Baker by refusing the request for the slight
testimonial of a monument which those who rightly measure the greatness of bis
genius and the magnitude of his service prefer?
LITEEAEY OQLTURE.
The City of San Francisco, though
young in comparison with most of the
large cities of the Union, has by the rec
ord of preference in books for the past
year snown herself to be superior to
all others in general literary taste. The
testimony of the leading booksellers and
of the officials of public libraries prove
not only that in a general way books suit
able to serious, studious, well-trained
minds are in great demand here, but by the
specific mention of what books and auth
ors head the list of favorites they have en
abled us to make a direct comparison
with other cities.
The list is too long to name all of the
popular preferences nere and elsewhere,
but when we consider two of -the most
read books in this City, "Quo Vadis"
and "The Honorable Peter Stirling," and j
set them in the scales to be weighed for J
their mental worth against the chosen fie- |
tion ot other cities, we find that nowhere
else are the master works of new writers
so quickly recognized as here.
This rapid recognition of the excellence j
of new books is one of the most crucial j
tests of finely discriminating literary ap- i
preciation. Concerning the merit of |
works long published, multitudes have
learned much as a parrot learns a lesson, j
and they know what to read and what to i
praise by a sort of borrowed culture.
When new books, however, meet with a
prompt response to their deserving, and
outsell in a city, as tbey did here, the
popular but far inferior literature that
flooded other places till the demand j
created for it was correctly called a craze,
it shows that our reading people by a
large majority know what is best without
gettinc their knowledge at second hand.
In addition to this fact of preference for
the best fiction, the records of the Public
Library prove that the proportion of
scientific, historical, philosophical and
religious works read in San Francisco to
the books that satisfy less thoughtful and
studious minds is about 50 per cent, which
largely exceeds the ratio in other cities.
With us "Peter Stirling" outsold
"Trilby" even in the height of the
"Trilby" craze. Easterners may call us
wild and woolly, but the records of our
reading and book-buying show that we
lead all American cities in literary culture
and in appreciation of unadvertised ex
cellence. •
STANFOED UNIVEESITY.
It is gratifying to note that a strong ele
ment in the Legislature is favorable to a
measure proposing to exempt the endow
ment of Stanford University from taxa
tion. It is indeed to be regretted that we
have had to wait so long for such a meas
ure to be adopted. The university is for
the benefit of the State and we are simply
impairing its usefulness to the people by
imposing taxes upon the munificent en
dowment which the generosity of Senator
Stanford and Mrs. Stanford has bestowed
upon it.
It is stated that Mrs. Stanford is now so
pressed for ready money to meet the ex
penses of the university that she has been
compelled to use the means which she
formerly set aside to sustain kindergartens
in San Francisco. The taxation of the
Stanford endowment, therefore, is virtually
a taxation upon children in San Francisco.
It is not money drawn frora private uses,
but from public good. It is certainly
neither wise nor expedient tbat we should
impose such taxes upon that which is as
beneficial to the general welfare as any in
stitution maintained by the State.
California, it is said, has been more un
friendly to the founders of colleges and
institutions of learning than any other
State in the Union. This is in a certain
sense a reproach upon our laws and those
who make them. We ought to encourage
such benefactions as that munificent one
which has founded Stanford University.
Tnis view of the case will, we doubt not,
be taken by the majority of the members
of the Legislature as it is by the people
generally. • ' .
Measures providing for the exemption
of the endowment from taxes should be
cordially supported and promptly passed.
The State owes much to Senator Stanford
and the least it can do to show its grati
tude to him is to take from his university
tbe burdens which are now imposed
upon it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897;
AFTEE THE BALL.
The celebrations of yesterday and the
public rejoicing over the defeat of the
funding bill were as large and as univer
sal as could be expected upon the short
notice which was given. Tne Governor's
proclamation declaring the day a legal
holiday was not published until the morn
ing when the celebration was to take
place, and very naturally pieparations for
a general outpouring of the people could
not be made. Nevertheless enough was
done and said to show that the people
sincerely rejoiced in the public victory
and are well pleased with the prospects
for the emancipation of the State from the
control of the monopoly.
Through all the celebration, however,
it was noticed that a feeling, of uncer
tainty was among the people. Even the
most enthusiastic felt a consciousness
that the war was not yet at an end, and
that final victory is not assured. This
feeling wa3 something more than an in
stinct. It is well founded in reason, and
it behooves those who have the interests
of the State at heart to consider well what
steps are to be taken next.
Reports from Washington show that a
strong sentiment exists in Congress in
favor of a measure which would check all
steps by the Government toward fore
closing the mortgage on the defaulting
roads and refer the settlement of the debts
to a commission to be composed of the Sec
retary of the Treasury, the Secretary of
the Interior and the Attorney-General.
Such a commission would undoubtedly
seek to deal justly with the people and to
maintain every right of the Government
against the defaulting roads; but, never
theless, the people would prefer to have
the present law enforced.
There is no reason why there should be
any further legislation or even negotia
tions in the matter. The roads have de
faulted in their obligations to the Govern-
ment and the Government should enforce
its claim against these rich and powerful
corporations in exactly the same manner
in which it would enlorce them against an
ordinary citizen who had taken up a
homestead and then defaulted in his pay
ments.
The ball is over. We have now to face
that which comes after the ball. We have
had our jubilee and have rejoiced in the
accomplishment of one great victory. We
must now, however, proceed to prepare
ourselves for another issue of hardly less
importance. Until this question is finally
settled the right of the Government main
tained and the interest of the people pro
tected we have no sufficient reason for lay
ing aside our watchfulness or ceasing to
remember that we are still engaged in a
struggle. '
THE POSTOFHOE BUILDING.
We are promised that the work of con
structing the new po3toffice building in
this City will begin in June, and the man
who makes the promise is not the man in
the moon. To that extent we are encour
aged. Tho encouragement, however, we
fear ends there, or the promise comes
from the supervising architect, and we
have heard his promises before and know
too well how little trust can be placed in
them. '
The early beginning of the work of con
struction is not the only promise which is
given us. We are assured that the high
towers on the proposed plan are to bo
removed. • That much is good, but it would
be better if the whole plan were to be
obliterated and an altogether new and
different building devised. Of the pro
posed structure it may be truly said, as
Mrs. Poyser said of her chickens, "they
ought to be hatched over again - anil
hatched different." The structure with
the towers would be a monstrosity, with
out them it would be hardly more than a
commonplace warehouse.
The people, however, will not be dis
posed to be critical. They have waited so
long for "any old thing" that the promise
the present building without; the mon
strous towers will be begun in June will
come to tbem as genuine good news. It
will add much to the payety of the season
and enliven us in our preparations for the
coming carnival. Let us then put trust in
the supervising architect for once and look
for the building early in the coming sum
mer. . Even if its construction does not
satisfy us it will at least afford us the grati
lication of settling a long-vexed problem
and put an end to "that hope deferred
which maketh the heart sick." .'':..-
PERSONAL.
Dr. Armstrong of Stockton is in town.
E. H. Story of Los Angeles Is at the Palace.
L. Williamson of Sydney, New South Wales,
is here.
Judge W. S. Shaw of Virginia City is here for
a short visit.
, Mark Purcell of Portland is registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
Senator J. H. Seawell of Ukiah is here for two
or three days' stay.
W. F. Burden, a wealthy resident of New
port, R. 1., is in the City.
E. H.Mills, a mining man of Nevada, is a
guest at the Cosmopolitan.
O. D. Boardman of Stillwater, Minn., is a late
arrival at the Cosmopolitan.
George F. Weeks, editor of the Bakersfield
Californian, is at the Grand.
D. H. Latimer and C. A. Weaver of Delano
are staying at the Cosmopolitan.
J. Whlttaker. a general-store owner of Gait,
Sacramento County, is in the City.
DanieL Shaw, proprietor of a hotel at Ross
land, British Columbia, is at the Lick.
Martin Van Martyn of Hamburg, manager
for Mme. Trebelli, is at the Occidental.
Daniel Smith, a business man of Baker City,
Or., is on a visit here and is at the Russ.
H. L. Borgwardt Jr. of Bakersfield, one of the
under Sheriffs of Kern County, is at the Russ.
H. D. C. Barnhart of Santa Cruz, and family,
engaged in the hotel business, is at the Russ,
Joseph Maillard of Saa Geronimo, president
of the California Dairymen's Association, is
in town.
W. N. Halbert, who is interested in different
enterprises at Juneau, Alaska, is registered at
the Grand.
W. H. Coats, a wealthy business man of
Saginaw, Mich., is among the arrivals at the
Occidental-.
Dr. P. Wolcott of the United States navy,
Mare Island, was among last night's arrivals
at the Palace.
J. C. Flanders, who is a large owner in the
Portland docks, is a recant arrival here and is
at the Palace.
Charles F. Wilcox, the well-known San Jose
attorney, has been a sojourner in the City for
the past week.
James A. Rankin and J. B. Scott, members of
the Chicago Bonrd of Trade, are in San Fran
cisco for a short stay.
Colonel J. B. Overton of Gold Hill, long man
ager of the Virginia City and Gold Hill Water
Works, is among the arrivals here.
Henry Smith of the County Clerk's office, for
many years in business with Curry Bros., is
dangerously ill at St. Luke's Hospital. .
Alexander S. Irwin, a mining man ot Silver
City, Idaho, and Arthur S. Hime of Toronto,
Canada, wore among the arrival from the
north yesterday. They are at the Russ.
T. G. Nicklin, one of the founders of the New
Whatcom Reveille and ex-chief clerk of the
Washington State Assembly, is in thfc City.
Mr. Nicklin is one of the early residents of
Bellingham Bay.
. T. W. H. Shanahan, the "Tall Sycamore of
Shasta," is a familiar figure among recent ar
rivals at the Grand. He is here only a brief
day or two, pending the interval of the legis
lative adjournment.
W. W. Gillett, A. Moncun and A. S. Riehl,
who are among the leading orange-growers of
| Palermo, Butte County, are in the City. Mr.
I Gillett was formerly for some years in the
| orange business at Lake St. Weir, Florida.
William Greer Harrison has decided to re
move either to New York or Chicago, severing
his connection with the Important insurance
companies of which he has long been the head
here. His family will go to Europe fbr a time.
J. W. Searls, the veteran borax owner of
Borax Lake, on the edge of Death Valley, who
has been many years in the borax business,
has arrived here from the borax beds and is
staying at the Russ. Mr. Searls is one of the
California pioneers.
Walter Morosco left here yesterday, accom
panied by a party of friends, in a six-horse
coach for a tour through Marin, Sonoma and
Lake counties, to be gone a week. Those with
Mr. Morosco are . James Ilaswell, Louis
Bishop, Louis Ohnimous, John Foster and C.
F. Pugh.
Joseph S. Spear Jr., who was one of the early
McKinley men, and who aspires to the office
of Collector of the Port of San Francisco, is
making his arrangements to go East. Mr.
Spear cast the only vote for Mr. McKinley at
the Minneapolis convention which came from
the Pacitic Coast delegation.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, X. V., Jan. 10.— At the St. Cloud,
G. L. Bates; Metropolitan, F. D. Fraser; Stuart,
J. W. Harrison; Imperial, J. R. Dwyer; Bar
tholdl. J. Gross. E. A. McKean, Los Angeles,
left the St. Cloud to sail on the Lucania for
England. Mrs. Anna Rosenberg and Albert
Herman Rosenberg arrived in from Bremen
on the Labu; so did Max Lichtenfleld of Stock
holm.
GENUINE WESIERN HOSPITALITY
Washington Evening Star.
"Talk about hospitality," remarked a I
broken-down actor yesterday, "the place to
fina it is in the tar West. The last time I was
out there we were playing 'Uncle Tom's Cabin'
with a real mule. We played to fair business
and paid our bills until we reached Red Bluff.
There the owner of the opera-house had a
piano for an orchestra, and it stood just below
the stage. When the mule came on some one
in the audience got funny, and, throwing a
lariat around the neck of the animal, pulled
him off the stage. The mule and the piano
got mixed up, which ruined the orchestra,
and when he got away from the piano the
mule kicked down one of the boxes before he
walked through one of the seats to where the
fellow with the lariat wanted him. I had a
mouth organ, with which I went on with the
orchestral accompaniment, and we closed the
play with the fellow that captured the mule
riding him around the opera-house.
"The manager of the theater claimed dam
ages, captured all the box receipts, and we
could not get out of town. Of course we ex
pected to walk, but I'll be blamed if .the land
lord didn't pack us all with our baggage in a
boxcar, give us plenty of lunch, and send us
clear to Virginia City without our paying a
cent, The most hospitable fellow I ever saw."
INVENTIONS FOR HUMANITY'S
SAKE.
Kansas City Times.
There Is no lack of inventions to diminish
the cost of production or to save labor, but In
ventions which protect human life and limb
are slower in forthcoming and in adoption.
Yet in a progressive age humanity should
rank before gain. Every movement for the
amelioration of the condition of the masses
and the lessening of their danger marks more
truly than manners or monuments the ad
vance of civilization.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUI PEOPLE
The Lord Mayor of London wears a badge of
office containing $00,000 worth of diamonds.
Sir Henry Irving is one of the best swords
men in England. He has practiced scientific
swordsmanship for many years.
Mme. Patti is much afraid of burglars. She
has Craig-y-Nos Castle fitted up with electric
alarm bells on all the window-shutters. ;?'
Robert Burns' "Jolly Beggars," first edition,
a pamphlet of sixteen ; duodecimo pages, un
cut, was sold recently for $105 to a Glasgow
collector.
Representative Messenger, who represents
New Hartford in the Connecticut Legislature.
is' the largest man ever a member of that
body. He weighs 330 pounds.
One plan proposed lor marking Queen Vic
toria's longest reign on record is for every
little community in Great Britain to establish
a garden, park or playground In her honor.
Rudynrd Kipling is in his country home in
England, off the high road to Torquay, with
terraced gardens shelving down . to the sea.
His nearest literary neighbor is W. E. Norris.
Hundreds of applications have been received
for the place made vacant by the retirement
of Herr Reindel, Prussia's high executioner.
Thirty-seven dollars and traveling expenses
are paid for each execution.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
In the remote dun mountains of Lower Cali
fornia, where a few years ago there was a wild
real estate boom and later a placer excitement
at Alamo, there is said to be now some solid
mining progress.
Gay Lombard, a stalwart young man dressed
in a corduroy suit and topped with a broad
rimmed white hat, came up from there yester
day and is at the Palace. He was a banker
and mining operator at Salt Lake, where he is
yet as largely interested as before, and about
a year and a half ago went to the Fortuna dis
trict, sixty miles east of Ensenada and 125
south of San Diego.
It is the Fortuna mines, so called, in which
he is interested and of which he has the man
agement. He says his company put in $75,000
and did over 2000 feet of development before
they began to get golden returns. They crush
their ore by a ten-stamp mill. Mr. Lombard
GAY LOMBARD, Manager of the Fortuna Gold Mines', a Mile High, "in Lower
California.
[Sketched from life by a " CaU" artist.]
says his people are entirely satisfied with the
results thus far.
These Fortuna mines are about twenty miles
from the Alamo district. He says that while
previously that was a placer district, the placer
Interest has led to the discovery ot good
ledges. They followed the gold up to its
sources. "•;_.. '".£
Mr. Lombard is impressed with the quick
j ness with which a man can do things these
'days. He left the Fortuna mines at 8 o'clock
I Tuesday morning, drove sixty miles by team
j over a rough mountain road to Ensenada,
j caught a steamer and reached San Diego;
j staid six hours there and caught a train to
| Los Angeles, got another there without delay
and reached here Thursday morning.
Ho says the winter is delightful in the moun
tains of Lower California. Where he is min
ing it is 5000 feet above the sea.
FAITH.
I will not learn t > doubt my kind.
If bread Is poison, what Is food?
If man Is evil, what is good?
I'll cultivate a friendly mind.
I see not. far. but this I see— '
If man is false, then naught is true;
If faith is not the golden clew,
To life then ail is mystery
I know not much, hut this I know-
That not In hermit's calm retreat.
But In the thronged and busy sireet,
The angels most do come and go.
Wbo to tbe Infinite would rise
Should know i his one thins ere be starts
'1 hat ail Its steps are human hearts;
To love mankind Is to be wife.
I will not learn to doubt my kind.
If man is fa'se then false am I;
It on myself I can't rely,
Then wbere shall faith a foothold find ?
Christian Register.
Letters From the People.
BEARDSLEE SET RIGHT.
Letters Explaining Bit Orders Concern
ing Souvenir flags.
Oakland, CaL, January 9, 1897.
Editors Call— Gentlemen: On Monday last '
(the 4th inst.) there appeared in the Examiner \
an article reflecting upon Admiral L. \A. i
Beardslee, U. S. N., in relation to an order is- j
sued by him to the officers commanding the j
flagship Philadelphia and the Monadnock not
to receive the souvenir banners intended to be
presented by the local committee at Monterey
of the carnival and fiesta at that place mci- j
dental to the celebration held on the 7th of
July last. The admiral being absent at Val
paraiso and therefore Ignorant of the attack
made upon htm, I, as chairman of the com- j
mittee of arrangements of the Associated
Veterans of the Mexican War for the celebra- |
tion of the fiftieth anniversary of the taking!
possession of California and the raising of the
American flag at Monterey by Commodore
John D. Sloat of the United States navy, wrote
a respectful reply and furnished data with
printed copies of letters from the admiral to
myself and to that local committee. This was
on Wednesday last. The letter of reply by my
self was suppressed or destroyed by the man
aging editor of that paper, and the stigma in
tended to be fastened upon Admiral beardslee
still remains, and by sucn action the Examiner
is made a party thereto. •
I therefore respectfully refer you to the
article pub. lshed In the Examiner and to the
inclosed addenda to my report, wltn copies of
letters from Admiral Berdsiee to myself and
to the local committee at Monterey of the
same date of October 31, 1890. and it will be '
seen that there was no suuden , cause for sur
prise and consternation on the part of the so
called "director general" and the: committee
at that place. It is a matter of justice to Ad
miral Beardslee that the truth; should be
known, and .as chairman of the committee of
arrangements of the Associated Veterans of
tho Mexican War, who inaugurated the cele
bration ot the fortieth, as well as the fiftieth,
anniversary of the raising of the American
flag at Monterey, having made a trip to Wash
ington at my own expense and secured the
co-operation of both Secretaries of War and
the Navy, I simply ask that the copies of Ad
miral Beards letters be published, and it
: .,,., >,„ had fall warrant and
wil^HV__fsac_on.Ke sp? ctfully yours, _ ;
cause lor his action. x £» wIN A Sherman, , ;
_,-_ • „ „. _._« committee of arrangements
o?X a Associ-?c_ o Ve?erans of tne Mexican
War. . . " ■ ,
Th, following are the inters £»?£*£ : ,
Fi-AOBHiP PJ^JJ^^S^^t^wl
My Dear Major X^W^ th. _?_?
and co dbo .k. ,.„_ . ., fa L- e <*ide_ In the diff.r
\\ hile I am unwilling to <tmx* "{J^ to mar ti.e
ences which .0 un;or:™» **%**« b «.^ta_. to
harmony el the ■ f*»» l,r » t '°?l, I lb ? .01 the m.ny
eE__. sra~^3srf sss
more than one was responsible. ,_., ftv , 0 Mr.
I Inclose copy of letter mailed to-day to ssx.
Duckworth, and am, yours .ruly.^ BEABMrJ6 *
"UNITED STATFB FLAGSHIP rHir.A"DKT PHIA, }
S San Fba peison, Cai,. ° < : lober 'S™' Corn-
Mr. S. J Duckworth, secretary ****"«* £2f.
mittee, Semi-Csntennial Celebration, Atonterni <M .
D _ab Sib : 1 learn from -Report on committee of
Arrangements of the Associated Veterans of the
Mexican War" that from the funds contributed to
be expt led in items connected with the semi
centennial celebration at ilontere*- on July 7,
1896, there ls a certain por. lon set aside for the
purchase of "two souvenir banners ordered last
evening for the United States ships Philadelphia
and Monadnock."
I have to request tbat as tbere is, and has been,
among those who organize 1 a d managed the cele
b. aiion, wide different esot opinion as to the proper
distribution of the money collected, not one dollar
or it shall be expended directly or indirect y on
any of the lorces under my command.
* 1 could not permit the acceptance of a banner
unacr the circumstances. Yours truly,
L. A. Beardslee, hear Admiral United States
Navy.
SHERMAN HONORED.
Significance of Bis lining Made Secre
tary of State.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sm:
On reading the news of the promotion of Sena
tor John Sherman to the first place in the Mc-
Kinley Cabinet and the editorial views of The
Call on the subject, I am led to attach much
significance to the fact that the honor
was conferred on the Ohio Senator.
By this time it ought to bo a matter
of common knowledge that Turkish bonds
smothered the pitiful appeals of the Ameri
cans for protection from the atrocity of the
Turks. Likewise tie Spanish bonds smother
the cry of Cubans for help against the cruel
ties of Spain. The business interests of the
world demand the steady maintenance of the
present status. My information is singularly
misleading if Senator Jonn Sherman is not the
man pre-eminently qualified to fill the office
of Secretary of State if -it be the settled policy
of the leading commercial nations to maintain
international relations substantially on the
present basis.
The position taken by Senator Sherman on
the Cuban question; as reported In this morn
ing's News in an interview accorded to a
newspaper inquisitor after he had authorized
the announcement that he was to be Secretary
of State lends strong confirmation to this view
of the matter. He is reported as having said:
"It begins to look as though Spain would grant
Cuba some kind of autonomy, which will
speedily end the war. lam ln "favor of non
interference with the affairs of Cuba. Alout
all we want is to buy the products of the island
and sell her all the goods we can."
If this does not seem to be the voice of hu
manity, the moving speech of a liberty-loving
American, it certainly is the voice of the busi
ness interests. Indeed, if the head of the
Rothschild syndicate had been Interviewed
and he bad siokeii with brutal frankness it
seems to me that he would bave expressed
himself in almost the same words employed
by the future Secretary of State. In a word, If
money rules the leading commercial nations
of the world to-day the ablest financial diplo
mat is the man needed now for the office of
Secretary of State, and I think we can all agree
that Senator Sherman is our ablest financial
diplomat.
In the matter of the proposed international
monetary conference it must be conceded that
Mr. Sherman In any event would have weighty
influence. Accepting the view that business
interests are paramount in International rela
tions, and remember ng that the President
will appoint the American members of the
conference, with the Secretary of State as his
chief adviser, the peculiar qualifications of
Senator Sherman designate him as the man for
the place he has been chosen to fill. Tamnotso
hopeful as Senator Wolcott and other interna
tional bimetallists appear to be as to any favor
able results from the international monetary
conference; and I understand that Senator
Sherman lavors the maintenance ot the gold
standard as the permanent policy of the coun
try. lam well aware that President-elect Mc-
Kinley has encouraged Senator Wolcott in
going abroad to try to bring about an interna
tional monetary conference: but I am inclined
to agree with the New York Journal of Com
merce of Thursday afternoon, December 31.
In an editorial on "International Bimetal
lism' the opening paragraph reads as follows:
"Some importance is attached to the words
of Senator Wolcott, who has just returned
from Canton, declaring that Major McKinley
is in favor of international bimetallism. Like
a preat many good people in the United States
Major McKinley sees uo objection to interna
tional bimetallism. Really nobody should be
in oppo-ition. The St. Louis platform ex
plicitly, declares in favor of it. Every wise
man has something good to say of it. Alto
gether it seems to be one of the most popular
ideas, on paper, that. we have ever had. But
it is only on paper. And the best of it is it is
going to stay there."
I admit that this is a rather blunt way of
putting it ' and hardly respectful to Senator
Wolcott and others; but let us read the sec
ond paragraph also. It is like unto the first,
if not "more so." These are the words just a.
they stand: "The European nations find them
selves in thesame attitude as the United States
—perfectly agreeable to international bimet
allism if It can be brought about, but utterly
.indifferent as to when or how it shall
come if, indeed, it ever comes. So far
as the p. edge In the platform is con
cerned, everybody ' understands that it was
not incorporated to bo carried out. However
anxious some Americans may be for bimet
allism, tbe European nations, finding p^nty
to do in attending to* their own affair.**, and,
caring nothing at all about it, are content to
let tne subject molder in the tomb. Why
should we care? Is not our currency the best
ln the world?" Who is wise enough to say that
any of the changes suggested would be'bene
filial ? Is it not better after all to let the so.d
standard alone? International bimetallism
Is dead as Jehosaphat. And lt is always gracious
to let the deed rest in peace. The dead are
tired. They don't want to be disturbed. As a
Nation let lis tarry no longer at the tomb." I
believe John Sherman can read that and smile
placidly. I think he is the right man in the
right place.
There will be no shock to the business inter
ests in the appointment of Senator Sherman
to the high place of Secretary of State, but it
is equally certain that the men whose inter
ests are confined to the products of .he soil
and the certainty of remunerative employ
ment will regard his appointment within
creasing apprehension.
Joseph Asbury John boh.
San Francisco, January 16, 1897.
A PUBLIC DUTY.
Attend the Nicaragua Vnnnl Meeting and
Promote the Measure.
To the Editor of the Call -Sir: Your journal
hasbeeuaconsistentandsteadfastfriendof the
Nicaragua canal, and so I may consistently re
quest you for the public good to call special
attention to the public meeting called by the
Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday, January
19 1897, at 1 o'clock p. m., at the Merchants'
Exchange assembly hall, California street, to
petition Congress the prompt enactment of
the Nicaragua canal bill now pending.
The prospects for the passage of this measure
of such vital interest to the Pacific Coast were
never so gdod, and it is a duty that our civic
organizations and citizens owe to the com
monwealth to support by public encourage
ment and endowment the faithful services of
our friends now working hard lor us in Con
gress. Let us show our appreciation oi their
efforts on onr behalf; it is thus that public
men are encouraged in the performance ot
their duty. Respectfully yours,
William L. Webby.
San Francisco, January 10, 1897.
HARRISON'S VIEW OF THE SENATE.
Washington Post.
"If the Hon. Benjamin Harrison had allowed
the persuasion of his friends to Induce him to
say that he would accept the United States
senatorship the office would have been handed
him on a gold platter," said one of the Dest
known Republican leaders of Indiana.
"But General Harrison has firmly declined
to entertain the idea of coming to the Senate
for one moment. He ls contented with his
domestic life and his law practice, and no in
ducement could tempt him back to Washing
ton, where, In the last veers of his residence,
he experienced such bitter affliction.
"The general said to me once that during his
service in the Senate he never met but one
man that was really a Senator, and that was
George F. Edmunds. All the rest were errand
bovs or department messengers for their con
stituents. He was disgusted with the experi
ence, and would not repeat it for any earthly
consideration^
HOW GULD GROWS.
Indianapolis Journal.
There are gold miners who insist that " gold
grows." This seems scarcely possible, but
there can be no doubt but that the output of
the yellow metal is growing from year to year,
as the increase of 72 per cent in the United
States since 1892 proves.
NEWSPAPER PLEaS.. TRY.
Hewitt— l must tell you a secret, old man : I
am going to elope, and I want to wear the cor
rect, suit. What is proper ?
Jewett— A cutaway coat, of course.— Town
Topics.
Mr. Bellows— wife, these look like the
biscuits my mother baked twenty years ago.
Mrs. Bellows (greatly delighted)— so glad.
Mr. Bellows (biting one)— And, by George,
I believe they are the same biscuits.—Chatta
nooga Times.
Teacher -What is this letter?
Pupil— l don't know.
Teacher— What is it that makes honey?
Small boy (son of a manufacturer)—
New York Weekly.
Servant— Shure, mum, Rover's just afther
bitin' the lig off ov the butcher bye t
Mistress— Dear! dear! how dreadfully an
noying! I do hope he was a clean boy, Mary I—
London Tit-Bits.
"Why is a naughty schoolboy like a type
writer?"
"Uml I suppose because you've got to
thump him to make him spell. "—Philadelphia
North American.
What we need most is not to realize the
Ideal, but to Idealize the real.— St. Joseph
(Mo.) Herald.
Loverly— Miss Dearey, I can conceal my
thoughts no longer. _;_.
Miss Dearey— Why, Mr. Loverly! have you
really had thoughts all along? How perfectly
you have concealed them, to be sure. Oh
what a capital actor you Philadelphia
North American. '-,-. ...
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street
'- ' . . • — ■ •
Icecream and cakes. Galilei's. 905 Larkin. *
, ♦ m
Calitorxia glace fruits, 50c lb. Town_ea_* _•
'■ * m, — m ;
Standard patterns, highest perfection, lowest
price. Domestic office, 1021 Market, nr. 6th.*
» ♦ — » -
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Pre_N
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery.*
— » m. — «
"Mrs. Newly, is it true that your husband Is
so very absent-minded?"
"Perfectly. We've been married six months,
and many an evening at 11 o'clock he gets up."
takes me by the hands, tells me what a delight
ful time he had and would leave if I did not re
mind him."— Detroit Free Press.
Phillips* Kock island -Sxcurslona
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rj»
Grande and Rock Island Railways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany ttiei*. excursions ta
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation!
•nd further information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent Rook Island Railway, SO Mont
gomery street. ______ FrancUeo.
« ♦ — •
Alaska
Yukon Mln.rs— Archie Burns will carry freight
from Dyea to Fort Llnderman for $100 per ton.
Inquire Edward Holland, proprietor Commercial
Ho.ci. m^S)i%W»M^M^Sj m %WS§^
• — ♦ — » :''■
Always keep in the house a bottle of Ayer's
Cherry Pectoral, for throat and lung troubles.
Your druggist has Ayer's Almanac. ■ "■ .■'■:,"
! — mm.
If afflicted with sore eyes; use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Druggists sell It at 25 cents.
. _■ — ♦ — « . .
"It must disgrace me before all the neigh
bors that you came home drunk."
"But, my dear, who saw me?"
"No one; but .they all heard me scolding
you."— Fliegende Blaetter. ... :. ■:
KEW TO-DAT.
Il_nill_r_?_ The S reat I; aznar
laia IWa!L 9 I fiirm<?r 'y on Front
ial 9 Iff » I I street has been re-
IllY ■-_■__! moved to Market
'_".'■ _ street, . near the
Ferry— Such a stock and such bargains as
are offered there from day to day have
never been witnessed on the Coast or else-
where. Will you call and see them? Do
not wait for whole page ads. in the papers.
The simplicity of these notices may not
attract you, but the quality and price of
our goods will.
CXiOSZ*KrG-.
50-cont Imitation Smvna Kan . 10c
11.00 Tare try Brussels Carpet ... "'so-
il. 25 Ladies' Tan Oxfords, wide 65c '
ILSO Girls' Heavy School Shoes 9>
73c Fancy White Baby Shoes """"'05,.
20c Ladies' Black Seamle3« Hose.'.'." "log
100 Special Bargains Every bay
SMITH'S store.J.vjmr\ Before potion.
BY HniYAIUi KIPLING.
The earth Is lull of anger.
The seas are dark with wrath,
The nations in their harness
Go up again? t our path '.
Ere yet we loose the legions—
Kre yet we draw the blade,
Jehovah of the Thunders,
Lord God of buttle, aid!
High lust and froward bearing,
Proud heart, rebellious brow,
Deaf ear and soul uncaring,
We seek thy mercy now:
The sinner that forswore thee,
The fool that passed thee by,
Our tim»sare known before thee—
Lord, grant vi strength to die!
For those who knee! beside us
At altars not thine own.
Who lack the lights that guide US
Lord, let their fa th atone;
If wrong we did to call them,
By honor bound they came;
Let not thy wrath befall them,
But deal to us the blame.
From panic, pride and terror,
Revenge th.it knows no rein,
Ligbt haste and lawless error,
Protect us yet again.
Cloak thou our undeserving,
Make tirm the shuddering breath,
In silence and unswerving
To taste thy lesser death !
Ah, Mary, pierced with sorrow,
KeineniDcr, reach and save
The soul that comes to-morrow
Before the God that gave!
Since each was born of woman,
For each, at utter need,
True comrade and true foeman,
.Madonna, intercede!
E'en now their vanguard gathers,
E'en now we face the fray,
As thou didst help our fathers.
Help thou our host to-day !
Fulfilled of signs and wonders,
In life. In death, made clear,
Jehovah of the Thunder,
Lord God of Battles, hear:
A Song of the English.
BY KCDYAKD KIPLING.
We have fed our sea for a thousand years,
And she calls us, still unfed,
Though there's never a wave of all her waves
But marks our English dead.
We have strawed our best to the weeds' unrest,
To the shark and the sheering gull.
If blood be the price of admiralty,
Lord God, we ha' paid in full!
There's never a flood goes shoreward now
But lifts a keel we manned:
There's never an ebo goes seaward now
But i rops our dead on the sand —
But slinks our dead on the sands forlorn
From the Ducies to the Swln.
If blood be the price of admiralty,
Ii blood be the price of admiralty,
lord God, we ha' paid lt in.
We must feed our dead for a thousand years,
For that is our doom and pride,
As it was when they sailed with the Golden Hind
Or the wreck that struck last tide.
Or the wreck that lies on the .tiling reel
Where the ghastly Mue lights flare.
If blood be the price of admiralty.
If blood be the price or admiralty.
If blood b=- the price of admiralty,
Lord God, we ha' bought it fair I
• "P^^ERHAPS no recent book, certainly no
■|Ss£_. recent book of poetry, has provoked
JlA\ ■•" -i such astonishing differences of opinion
as has Rudyard Kipling's new volume, "The
Seven Seas." Two of our most authoritative
literary journals devote considerable space to
Kipling and his book this month. The Book
man, in a cleverly written review signed Y. V.,
gives us to understand that these verses are
not poetry at all. "Y. V.,"' in answer to some
other reviewer, wbo asks, "If this be not
poetry, what is?" repeats scornfully, "What
is?" and goes on, "Why, nearly all the poetry
of all the great poets— the poets whose themes,
whose treatment and whose language were all
entirely poetical. With more point might we
ask, If the poetry from Homer downward,
which universal criticism has sanctioned, be
really poetry, what is this new school of
blood and iron, of slang and profanity?
The new poetry is no more poetry than the
new woman is a woman." When we have read
this and a little more (notably what he says
of machinery) we conclude that "Y. Y." may
be clever— in fact he proves himself so—
that he lacks the two great qualities of the
critic, sympathy and understanding. He
confesses to hating machinery and all that it
symbolizes, "the stupid, shuddering, slavish
cranks, the hateful, modern, utilitarian
smell." Now a man may not like machinery,
but a little more sympathy, a mind a little
more genially tempered, would make him
capable of understanding the enthusiasm' of
the man who does.
Any one who can read "McAndrews' Hymn"
end not feel a responsive thrill. for ths old
Scotch engineer's fervor and exaltation when
he speaks of his engines must also be lacking
In these two prime qualities of sympathy and
understanding. Moreover, "Y. Y." cites as
examples of Mr. Kipling's work the least fine
of the poems. He dwells especially upon "The
Mary Gloster," a poem that many lovers of
Kipling must wish expurgated, and this he
calls "Mr. Kipling's longest and most am
bitious piece," whereas "McAndrews' Hymn"
is equally long and is the masterpiece of the
book. In short this critic's candor is the only
thing that saves him; he frankly confesses
himself prejudiced before beginning his re
view.
It is a relief to turn to Charles Elliot Nor
ton's article in the January Atlantic. He
speaks of "the splendid continuous fertility of
English genius; the unbroken, poetic expres
sion of English character and life, from
Chaucer to Rudyard Kipling, which is un
paralleled in the moral and intellectual his
tory of any other race." This forcibly indi
cates Kipling's position, as ranked by Norton.
He goes on to speak of the onward sweep of
the realistic movement, first shown in prose
fiction, and which has waited for its poet;
"for realism— the aim to see the worla and de
pict it as it is— requires the highest exercise
of the poetic imagination. The outward
thing, the actual aspect is in truth the real
thing and the true aspect only when seen by
the imaginative vision." And then he goes
on to show how Kipling has this "imagina
tive vision," this ability to see "through not
•__.__ the eve, which makes him a true realist
and combined with his mere technical skill a
great poet." Andrew Lang puts the same
thing more tersely when he says of Kipling
that "he can find the rare strange things in
the midst of the commonplace."
It is very interesting after these various
criticisms to come to the consideration of the
poems for ourselves. One reader here con
fesses to having at two sittings read straight
through from cover to cover, with unflagging
Interest, a thing never personally done before
with any boot of short poems. This was pos
sible, it seems to mc, because there is a distinct
motif, a dominant theme carried through all
the poems. Sometimes lesser themes are In
troduced, but Kipling recurs again nnd again
to his original motif. What is this dominant
theme ? Rudely put into words, it is the feel
ing that life is as full of romance to-day as
ever it was. He contends that there is as
much to stir the emotion, to fire the blood, to
inspire the heart, in the commonplaces of life
to-day as there was when men lived epic
poems. In "The King" he expresses this as
plainly as words can express it. He shows that
in each of the successive epochs of man's life
I romance was considered dead and was sup- |
i posed to have lived only in a past age, and
with the progress of science and with each
new invention folks sighed, "Romance, fare
well!"
And all unseen
Romance brought up the nine fifteen.
His hand was on ths lever laid,
Ills oilcan soothed the worrying cranks,
His whistle waked the snowbound grade,
His fog-horn cut the reeking banks;
In dock and deep and mine and mill
The boy-god reckless labored still.
Robed, crowned and throned, he wove his spell
When heart-blood beat or hearth-smoke curled
With unconsidered miracle,
Hedged in a backward gazing world;
Then taught his chosen bard to say:
"The king was with us— yesterday !"
Now, Kipling is not original in asserting
this living power of romance to-day. Other
poets have assured us of the same, but I ven
ture to think that Kipling is original in mak
ing us feel it. He not only sees and feels this
truth, but he makes his reader see and feel it
also. Wordsworth asserted again and again
that in the simple facts of humanity lay the
poet's realm, that in these were to be found
the true domain of romance. We may theo
retically accept what ne Bays, but whether we
feel it to be true as vividly after reading his
poems as after reading Kipling's depends
largely on individual temperament. •
For myself I confess that nothing of the
purely human strain in Wordsworth's has i
affected me as painiully as parts of "McAn
drews' Hymn." For Wordsworth, despite his
own theories, move us more often by his poetic
diction than by his simple narrative of com
mon life— narrations which are often simple to
the point oi baldness. For example, contrast,
the sonnets and ode on immortality and the
"Lines on Tintern Abbey" with "Luck Gray"
and "Peter Bell."
But Kipling carries us along with a splendid
enthusiasm. He is "vivid, vital and virile,"
to quote Mr. Mabie. He is resolved to
* * * Draw the thing as he see It for the God of
things as they are.
A word may mean too much to one and too
little to another. Let us be sure that we under
stand what Kipling means by this romance he
exalts so greatly. It is very far from being
the merely romantic or sentimental of com
mon usage. I wonder if it is not akin to what
Matthew Arnold expressed by the word cul
ture, that diffusion of "sweetness and light
in the minds of men. It is the eternal truth,
call it by what name we will, that underlies
all human happiness. It is the something
which vitalizes, which makes all life glow and
pulse with radiant beauty and significance
—that "rare strange thing in the midst of the
commonplace" which is rare and strange only
because so few have eyes to see. Mr. Kipling
calls this the "true romance," and in one of
the most beautiful of his poems he says:
Who holds by Thee hath Heaven in fee
To gild his dross thereby.
And knowledge sure that he ebfifis* •
A child until be die.
Devil and brute Thou dost transmute*
To higher, lordlier show, .
Who art in sooth that lovely Truth
The careless angels know !
.Enough for me In dreams to see
And touch thy garment's hem:
Thy feet have trod so Dear to Goo
I may not follow them.
In "McAndrews' Hymn" we have the prac
tical illustration, which is always more char
acteristic of Mr. Kipling than the abstraction.
McAndrews is the dour Scots engineer, a
stern Calvinlst, ready to admit this world to
be "the shadow of a dream,"
And taught by time I take It so, excepting al
ways Stea m!
Steam is to him the one visible symbol of all
power and mystery. Beyond repression is his
contempt for the young Viscount, who, after
being shown over the ship, asks:
"Mister McAndrews, don't you think steam
spoils romance at sea?"
"Damned ijjltl" Romance 1 All the romance
of McAndrews' life is steam.
"Lord, send a man like Robbie Burns to sing
the song o' steam !"
In the working of his engines, in the perfect
! adjustment and faithfulness of each part, he
! sees
I Interdependence absolute, foreseen, ordained, de
creed.
I Now, a'together hear thlm lift their lesson— theirs
and mine:
■ "Law, Order, Duty an' Restraint, Obedience,
Discipline!"
| But no one cares except myself that serve and
understand
My seven thousand horsepower here, eh, Lord!
They're grand— they're grand!"
From "McAndrews' Hymn" to "The Song of
the Banjo" is a far cry; yet the latter is a
gayer, lighter treatment of the same theme.
If prosaic steam is to those who "serve and
understand" so full of this vital power of
romance so also is the gay little banjo, the
companion' of "the white man round the
world." The words go like the strumming of
the strings and make a tingle in the blood.
They stick in the memory and repeat them
selves again and again, and under all the
jingle we feel the co '.rage and the splendor
and the pathos of human endeavor.
In the silence of the camp before the fight,
When it's good to make your will and gay
your prayer,
You can hear my strnmpty-tumpty overnight
Explaining ten to one was always fair. ;•**.' _
But the word— the word is mine, when the order
moves tbe line
And the lean-locked ranks go roaring down to
die.
The imperialism of England Kipling feel 3
as a part of this same romance, with her do
minion over the sea, her pride of blood.
There is a magnificent nationalism in the
"Song of the English." The heart of every
English-born must glow at the words. His
amazing to remember that this man is not
poet laureate. Perhaps he was considered too
young; perhaps he was born too far away
from home; perhaps he was never thought of
at all. "These be trifling reasons, my mas
ters," yet surely for no weightier was Alfred
Austin chosen. Bombay is Kipling's native
city and he was born in 1865, so that he is
still a surprisingly young man considering
the work he has done. He was educated, as
the word is used, at Westward Ho— named
after Kingsley's novel. Whatever his school
lite may have been one feels sure that his
real education was gained from man rather
than books. He went into journalism, and
every one knows about the humble beginnings
of his literary fame in the Anglo-Indian news
paper. He visited this country in 1889 and
married an American girl. She was a sister of
Walcott Balestiet, a young writer whose great
promise an untimely death left unfulfilled.
Kipling and Balestior collaborated on one
story, and Balestier's "Benefits Forgot" was
running in the Century at the time of his
death. "...
Mr. Kipling has dedicated to his birthplace
this latest volume. The title is significant of
the greatness of the English dominion and is
no doubt borrowed from those Persian mystic?
to whom "The Seven Seas" embraced the
whole of creation. ,
One of the most remarkable of tributes to the
young Anglo-Indian was that paid by Walter
Pater. He confessed that he was afraid to read
Kipling, having heard ' that he was so strong
a writer and fearing his influence upon his
own style. It-is hardly possible to Imagine
a greater difference than that between the
style of Kipling and of Pater. Ono cannot
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897-
BOOKS AND BOOKMAKERS.
PLEASANT MOMENTS WITH NEWSPAPAER RHYMESTERS.
Gettin` Religion.
I ain't much on religion, nor prayer-meeting
beside;
I've never jined the church as yet, nor ain't
been sanctified;
But a tender sort of feeling draws me nearer
to the skies,
Since I got a peep of heaven through a pair of
trusting eyes.
Time was when nothing moved my thoughts
above this sinful world;
No preacher's words could stir me up, in wrath
an' fury hurled;
But lately I've been drifting nigher to the bet
ter land,
And the force that leads me upward is a little,
dimpled hand.
Seems like the bad thoughts sneak away, with
that wee chap hard by,
And cuss words that were handy onct won't
come when *he is nigh.
Fact is, it sort o' shames me to see those clear
blue eyes
Look at me (when I'm gettin' riled) ln pity an'
surprise.
I don't know much of heaven or angels an'
such things,
But, somehow, when I picture 'em, it ain't
with harps and wings,
But with yeller curls, all tangled, and tender
eyes that shine,
An' lips that's soft ana loving, like that little
chap of mine.
Then, when he folds his dimpled hands in his
little bed at night,
An' whispers, "Now I lay me," why thar's
something ails my sight,
An' my throat gits sort of husky when he
blesses me, an' then
I'm dead sure I've got religion by the time he
says "Amen I"
Ida Goldsmith Morris in Louisville Courier-
Journal.
• — ■ -
Jo the End.
As the wings of an angel might guard, os the
hands of a mother might cherish,
So have I loved yon, mine own, though hope
and though faith should perish :
And my will is set to hold you yet, close hid
in my deep heart's center, .
In a secret shrine that none may divine, where
no one but I may enter.
When the stars shine dimly and wan, when
the leaves on the pane are fretting.
When the mist has blotted the world in a dull
and drearer forgetting,
Over the hill where the wind blows chill, over
the wintry hollows,
A wild voice calls, on my sleep it falls, and
my spirit awakes and follows.
help wondering what might ;have been the
result if each had modified the other, if Kip
ling had acquired some of Pater's exquisite
polish and subtlety of phrase, and Pater had
taken to himself some of Kipling's vigor and
power of vivid suggestion. Probably each
man would have been less individual and
characteristic and therefore less interesting;
except to those unhappy people who deplore
the "mannerisms" of both.
Grace S. Musser.
HOW AND WHAT TO READ.
THE MASTERY OF BOOKS-By Harry Lyman
Kooprnan. American Book Company, New
York, Cincinnati, Chicago. Price, 90 cents.
This brief guide to readers by the librarian
of the Brown University is well worthy of
recommendation to all those who wish to use
the time they have for reading to the best ad
vantage. The author's style proves him to be
a man of fine literary taste, and a natural
aptitude combined with his life in a library
have given him that mastery of booss which
he here endeavors to aid others in the acquisi
tion of. Although he gives a classified list of
book«, that is quite a secondary object of his
publication. In a number of wise and charm
ingly written chapters he makes general sug
gestions which clearly point the way to profit
able reading. and yet leave , the reader great
.freedom of choice. Besides telling why and
how much to read, and what and how to read,
there is a valuable chapter on reference books
and catalogues. He discusses newspapers and
fiction, and shows their great usefulness In a
complete mental equipment for the battle of
life. ' Language study and memory and note
taking are given a prominent place in his dis
course, and the position the library should
have in education is explained. Here is a
RUDY ARD KIPLING.
Call, and I come through the night, though
the mist and the darkness hide you,
Weary and desolate heart, my place is surely
beside you.
From the depth of your black despair, come
back, my arm shall be strong to move
you,
To bear you up to the golden gates of heaven,
because I love you. '
—Pall Mall Gazette.
The Fountain of Youth.
The fountain of youth— you know I had
lound it?
And where do you think?
Did you dream that the palm trees' are Clus
tering round it,
That the sea gardens bloom with the life that
it brings,
And the tropical birds, with their whirring,
swift wings, ■ J .";.. :'
Fly down to its brink?
No. Eastward and westward and southward
and north, _••';'-
In mountain or vale,
All Id vain, all in vain go ye wearily forth,
In the sand of the desert, the cave of the hill,
Ye may dig, ye may delve, ye may die an' ye
will, . .'..'/:'_
And yet ye shall fail.
I strayed, one dull day, by a poor kitchen
garden, *._.]>....
And this is the truth —
In Arcadie's vales, or the forest of Arden,
Such springs never flowed as I saw in the
shade
Of a pokebonnet's brim ; tor the eyes of a maid
Are the fountains of youth.
Edgar Mayhew Bacon in tho Independent.
* — ♦
A Remnant.
Love keeps a shop beneath the tr*es
Where orange blossoms sway
Forever in the fragrant breeze,
And every month is May.
And there some twenty years ago
A heart I wished to buy;
'Twas Anna.., but she scorned me so .
I found the price too high.
To-day again I chanced to trace
My way to that same store,
And there I found the same fair place
That I had known before.
And there hung Anna's heart, unsold;
It bore this sign: "To-day
This . pinster's heart, a trifle old,
At what you please to pay."
Said I, "This wreck will never sell;
'Tis damaged past recall.
I care for It no more," and, well—
I bought it, after all!
Ellis Parker Butler in New York Sua.
sample of the advice ho gives to readers:
"Sculpture has been defined as the art of
knocking off superfluous marble. Rapid read
ing is the equally difficult art of skipping
needless words and sentences. To recognize
them as needless without reading them is a
feat that would be thought impossible if
scholars everywhere did not daily perform it.
With the turning of a lew leaves to pluck out
tho heart of a book's mystery, this Is the high
art of reading— the crowning proof that the
leader has attained the mastery of books."
NEW HISTORY OF CALIFORNIA.
The history written by William Heath Davis,
entitled "Sixty Years in : California," having
met with a ready sale, he was and is encour
aged to labor for another work of j more than a
million words/which: has occupied his time
since the disposal of his first book. The work,
which will contain more than -eight hundred
subject matters, will be in two octavo volumes,
with portraits of early representative men and
women and illustrations of notable scenes— ln
all about one hundred of the pictorials of the
epochs before and after the great rush of gold
seekers In 1849. The author is constrained to
say much in behalf of his, la.ge manuscript,
but he thinks his lobar and application to the
task and tho responsibilities of; preparing it
will be awarded by the reading community of
California and other States with the judgment
that it constitutes an exhaustive , history of
the Golden State. In talking with Mr. Davis
he quoted a few lines from a Spanish author
which were ? written several ■) hundred -years
ago: : "Para que una historia. sea' verdaderay
lnteresante es necessario que los ojos yea y las
orejns hoyen." ' [For a history to-be truthful
and interesting it is necessary for the eyes to
I KnoW Not HOW I Like Her Best.
I know not how I like her best,
Or clad in green or clad in white,
Since either way—
In each array —
With wimple white or broidered vest.
She is to me a dear delight.
I know not how I like her best,
In smiling or in tearful mood;
Or when she weeps,
Or when she sleeps,
Or when she laughs, each way is good,
Nor know I which is loveliest.
I know not how I like her best,
In russet robes, wind-blown and rent,
In white or green,
Or crown-ed queen
In gold and crimson gayly dressed,
Or wan as some pale penitent.
I know not how I like her best,
When, wooing me to some green wold,
She bids me lie
With face anigh
Her face, or when, grown stern and cold,
She cloaks the bosom I caressed.
I know not how I like her best,
Or in her mad midsummer mirth,
With vine-decked brow,
Or when, as now,
In fold on fold above her breast,
Soft snows enshroud my Mother Earth 1
■ .'-""*.■ Mary Norton Bradford.
• ■ ♦
The Old-Time Fire.
Talk erbout yer buildin's
That's all het up by steam;
Give me the old oak fire
Whar the old folks uster dream.'
The rickety dogirons —
One-sided as could be;
The ashes banked with 'taters —
Roastin' thar fur me. *
The dog on one side drowsin'
Or barkin' nigh the door;
The kitten cultin' capers .;
With the knittin' on the floor.
An* me a little towhead
By mammy's side at night. '
With both my cheeks a-burn.n'
From the red flames leapin' brightl
These steam het buildin's make me
Just weary fur the blaze
; That wuz a heap more comfortable
In childhood night an' days.
An' I'd give the finest heater
In the buildin's het by steam
Fer the old-time chimbly corner
Whar the old folks uster dream.
—Atlanta Constitution.
see and ears to hear. The application of this
quotation in the premises may be appreciated
when it is considered that Mr. Davis is one of
the oldest pioneers of California. The author
thinks that the book will be published in
1897. ... . ;.<-•-_ *
WHERE NATURE IS SUBLIME.
YOSEMITE AS I SAW IT-By Dr.' Cora A.
Morse. Published by "The Outlook," Oakland,
Cal. •:-',.;•■ ,■.'■-'■-
This description of California's wonderful
natural park by an eloquent California writer
is, in its illustrations as well ns in its word
painting, beautiful. It needs an eloquent
pen to befittingly tell of that glorious valley
where nature's grandeur compels reverence
for nature's God, and this California lady has
shown herself possessed of the appreciation
necessary to catch the inspiration from those
lofty peaks and lovely waters, and the gift of
language to make us understand their sub
limity.-
The author tells us that these descriptions
were written at intervals during ber stay in
Yosemite, to husband and friends, and were
not Intended for the public "They were
written under the inspiration* ot nature's
revelations, and from a heart too full to con
tain its joy unexpressed."
Here are some, fine pieces of descriptive
writing:
"Once across the river we are in the edge of
Yosemite Park. Soon the trees show; taller,
larger growth, the mountains tower still far
ther heavenward, the chasms grow darker and
deeper, the curves more abrupt, the road nar
rower, the ascent . steeper. ' At ' the bottom of
these vast chasms the river winds like a ser
pentine • thread of light. Great projecting
bowlders add beauty to the tall trees as we
look down upon them. Vines and lupines,
together with azalias and dogweed blossoms,
relieve the otherwise- somber scene. The sky
above is lost now, excepting patches here and
there, being hid by the lofty pines around us."
"The magnitude of this scene is indescrib
able. The great gorges, hewn through the
solid rock, are lighted here by the fire in
heaven and shaded there by the wings of
night; the echoes of the tearing cataract exert
a magic spell upon us."
LIFE IN THE WILDERNESS
AN AMERICAN NOBLEMAN. By William
Armstrong. Kaud, Mc.Na'ly <_ Co. Chicago and
New York. :•.■:'•.'•'
The nobleman about whom we are told in
this story belongs to that class of nobility of
which all may become members who have
kind hearts and sufficient energy of
will to put their heart promptings into action.
It is a good _tory well told. The writer is
plessinglv fluent, and the descriptive parts
are so well done as readily to transport the
reader's imagination to the mountains and
woods where the hero, Abel Long,- lived a
bitter life, but won his place in the peerage of
true manhood.
The first chapter, "The Gold Findin' on Sas'
fras Mountain," would make a complete and
unusually good short story in itself. It tells
of how a mountain family suddenly got a very
bad spell of the gold fever by finding a little
nugget in their cabbage patch. All hands,
from the father and mother down to the least
of the children, dug frantically without stop
ping for dinner or supper, till it was too dark
to toil longer, but found no more gold. Then
their visitor, who was a Dutchman with a
fancy for practical jokes, explained that the
nugget was a gold filling which had dropped
from his tooth.
Merriness ends with the first chapter, and
the rest of the book is sad but beautiful.
Abel Long loves an untaught but noble
mountain girl, Josephine, but she prefers a
city man, who, for his amusement while tem
porarily in the mountains, marries the girl.
The unscrupulous husband soon tires of a
country life and coolly forsakes his mountain
bride and their baby without even saying
gootl-by. Abel becomes the sole friend and
support of the forsaken woman, but Josephine
continues through weary years to love and
trust her husband and look forward to his
return. Finding his love for Josephine hope
less, Abel marries another girl out of a sense
of duty to his mother. His wife proves false.
The thoughts and deeds of this strong, noble
and simple nature under the stress of the
trials put upon the noble man are systemati
cally and wholesomely treated by the author.
COMMUNION WITH. NATURE.
IN THE GARDEN OF PEACE— By Helen Mil
man, John Lane. The Bodley Head, London
and New York. Price $1 60. For sale by Wil
liam Doxey, Palace Hotel, City.
This is a pretty little book of rapturous talk
about birds and flowers by one who evidently
loves them very much and has studied them
closely. Their songs and their architecture
make the birds interesting inhabitants of the
beautiful garden described. The character
sketches wherein the likeness of the ways of
birds to those of human beings are brought
out is an amusing feature of the book. Scat
tered through the pages are some choice quo
tations from authors who have loved to hold
communion with nature, such as this: "**,'>""■
I heard the rapture 1 nightingale
Tell from yon el my grove his tale
Of jealousy and love
In thronging notes that seemed to fall,
As faultless and as musical
As angels' strains above.
LITERARY NOTES
Sir Herbert Maxwell's "Lifejof King Robert,
the Bruce," will be published in America this
month. _____ ". '-'_.*_ - : '
"Les Meres," by Alphonse Daudet, with Il
lustrations by Myrbach, will be ready imme
diately.
Frank R. Stockton is writing a series of sto
ries to illustrate the history of the State of
New Jersey.
The most luxurious English volume of the
season will be a work, dedicated by special
permission to her Majesty Queen Victoria,
dealing with Raphael's designs for tapestries.
In Mrs. Annie Field's "Authors and Friends"
she tells us that Emerson regarded Tennyson
and Carlyle as the two men connected with
literature In England who were most satis
factory to meet and better than their books.
His reticence with regard to Carlyle's strong
expressions against America was as well
marked as it was wise.
i Herbert S. Stone & Co., publishers of the
! Chap Book, announce that with the issue of
1 January lb that periodical will be enlarged to
', the size of the English weekly reviews and
will begin at once the publication of literary
criticisms. Poems, essays and stories will con
tinue as at present, and at the same price. It
will aim at being a critical journal of the first
rank. _____
The Lounger exposes the identity of Henry
Harland, the editor of the Yellow Book, with
that periodical's amusing "Yellow Dwarf."
The expose is based entirely on circumstantial
evidence— a caricature of the "Yellow Dwarf,"
by Maxßecrbohm in the latest number of The
Yellow Book, and an amateur photograph of
„Mr. Harland in the Lounger's possession are
the only clews. __
Someone showed his devotion to Thackeray's
memory on Christmas day by decorating the
author's bust in Westminster Abbey with a
bunch of violets, to which. was tied a card
bearing this inscription: "William Makepeace
Thackeray, died December '24, 1803. Adsum.
And his heart throbbed with an. exquisite
joy." It is related in the Newcomes that
"Adsum" was the word by which Colonel
Newcome responded to his Maker's call when
he lay dying in the Charter-house. The other
part of the inscription were the last words of
an unfinished manuscript found in the novel
ist's bedroom on the morning of his sudden
death. '-■....-.■ . -.'.,%■*.-"■ • '. ■■ ■ • -.'..""•
The January number of the North American
Review contains a paper on the "Meaning of
the Votes," by Senator Henry Cabot Lodge, in
which he shows that the Bryan claim that iree
silver nearly won, and that a slight change of
.the votes from one State to another would have
made history different by Bryan's election, is a
most absurd one. Poultney Bigelow gives an
article on "The German Press aud the United
[States." E. J. Kelly discusses "Strikes as a
; Factor in Progress," and asserts that strikes
mean progress ; whether successful' or, not,
for they a woken interest in the working
people and ; their relation to civiliza
tion generally. • The • brilliant essayist,
Andrew Lang, discusses "Genius in Children.",
The Hon. Albion W. Tourgee in "Pending Prob
lems" treats of the character of the monetary
questions with which the new administration
will have to deal. "Root Difficulties of Irish
Government" is a paper in which T.W. Russell,
M. P., tells the reasons of the great political
discontent of the people of Ireland. The actor,
Herbert Beerbohm, writes of "Some Aspects of
the Drama To-day." Captain John Codman
makes a plea for the revival of American ship
: ping in the article, '"Folly of Differential Du
ties.", and the Hon. Lloyd Bryce writes about
the late election in "A Study of Campaign Au
diences." Andrew Carnegie is satirical in
"Mr. Bryan as a Conjurer." There are several
short articles: "Can We Do Away With Fog?"
•'The Railway Vote'? and "Boss Rule In Old
English Municipalities." 
J?^^EORGE J. DURAIND has just completed
lk'.n. an elaborate poetical work, In the
_■«[ . preparation of which he has spent
years of study, and before this final execution
of his design, in the form that satisfies his
aspiration to produce a thorough piece of
workmanship, he essayed to reach the ideal he
had set himself with four successive works,
each of which he successively destroyed as too
defective for publication. His self-appointed
task was to produce a poem devoted to the
nature and the principles of the fine arts, such
as music, painting, sculpture, architecture and
poetry.
Mr.Duraind submitted his unpublished work
to Professor David 8, Jordan and Professor
Hudson, of the Stanford University, and from
both of these able gentlemen received words
of encouragement ana praise. This work as a
whole has not been examined by The Call,
but extracts from it' have been sent in, and
some of them are here published, which will
give the reader a limited opportunity of judg
ing the author's capacity for poetic composi
tion and a slight insight into the general pur
port of his poetry. Such a strenuous and long
sustained effort by a young man toproduce
something excellent, unique and needed in
literature certainly deserves the consideration
I of careful examination, and if wheu the
whole work is submitted to the public the au
thor is found to have produced as fine a work
as he believes he has, unstinted praise and
wide purchase should reward an effort so ar
duous and so devoted.
Speaking of this forthcoming volume of
poetry Mr. Duraind says:
"About ten years ago in going over the litera
tures of the different countries of the world I
was struck with the fact that in no language
was there such a thing as a professed Song of
the Arts."
Concerning the great wave of artistic criti
cism and discussion which has swept over
Europe add America during this century, he
states: "Above all, the nature of art and its
influence on humanity as a creator and shaper
of human ideals were first clearly set forth in
this great movement."
Outlining the design of his book, he con
tinues: "I saw that as poets represent genera
tions more than any other kind of artists, the
poet who represents this age should have art
for his theme and treat of its ethical influ
ences on the race. The poet whose work is
enduring always represents some important
social, moral or intellectual movement of his
time.
"To seize the spirit of an age's culture Is one
thing, but to crystallize that culture in the
form of a living work of art requires ability of
another order entirely. For years I studied
this art movement in all its phases.
"Finally I struck a literal y form which
gave me an opportunity to combine grandeur
of scene, dignity of character, and allow of
the expression of art thought— not permissible
ln a story or tale, whose fundamental law is
the subordination of everything to passion,
action and character. It permitted me to em
body the critical conceptions of the age on the
subject of art, and couple this culture with
some of the splendid figures of medieval
Italy. I worked long on this book and called
it 'The Coronation of Michael Angelo, a Cele
bration of the Renaissance as Expressive of
the Ideals of Art.' "
Mr. Duraind says he put all other business
aside and worked exclusively on this poem
for seven months, and often sixteen hours a
day, in putting the poem into its final per
fected state. He believes that no work of
lasting worth can be produced unless oue
throws one's whole soul into it to the exclu
-1 sion of everything else: Here are some of the
extracts from the manuscript:
ART.
Art Is a minister of human good,
A priestess of the high sublime In man.
And when the beauty of a statue wakes
A pulse of noble longing tn the soul,
It passes from the marble to the life:
. From the ideal flows reality.
ART AS AN EXPRESSION OF LOVK.
1 see its beauty in the painted prayer
Of rapture writ upon the sainted face
-.. Angel ice upturned to heaven to show
How angels look when gazing at tbeir God.
I grasp Its power pictured in the stone,
En wrapt as ln an everlasting dream.
I taste Its sweetness in the magic lines
Where fair Francesca meets Paolo's lips;
But oh, I feel its soul and know its depth
Alone in music, love's subllmest voice.
.. THE POET.
The poet listens to a voice that comes
In dreamlike intonations from afar, '._-,.!
Silent to other men, and when be speaks
His language vibrates with the song he hears.
He treads the House of Anguish, yet his tones
Forever echo heavenly refrains.
Ideals are the stepson which men mount
From earth along the lines of heaven to God.
The price of all soul-treason Is defect
Which holds within itself predestined doom.
Forever in the painting and the stone
Is wrapped the mind immortal of a man.
The trend of wrong Is always to the grave.
The personal estate of the late William Mor
ris was about $280,000, which is nearly the
same as that of Lord Tennyson. The wealth
iest poet of recent times, or probably of any
date, was Longfellow, who was worth $350,
--000. -.-._.-._ -
An English paper says: Rudyard Kipling
may not have taken up his residence ia Eng
land for any great length of time after all. He
was recently offered a handsome price for his
house in Vermont, but refused to sell, intimat
ing that he might occupy it permanently after
next year.
Mr. Sherard tells us that Dr. Ibsen is a great
reader of the German philosophers. His only
relaxation is to spend two hours a day at the
Grand Hotel, where he reads the papers and
sits with a glass of aqua vita, on his right hand
I and a glass of beer on his left, from which as
he reads he takes alternate sips. He is never
seen in the theater or in society or in any
place of entertainment.
NEW TO-DAT.
OLD GRIST MILL
Entire
WHEAT COFFEE.
A delicious substitute for real
coffee, possessing the flavor of
Mocha and Java without its in-
jurious effect. £**.. '.....
The only perfect HEALTH
COFFEE. Grocers sell it— in 1-lb
boxes only. Ask your dealer for
a FREE SAMPLE, or send a 2c
stamp to us. We'll mail it.
San Francisco Office:
POTTER & VVRIGHTSNQTON.
203 Front St., 5. F. '
Radway's
maeX H _H vL*h %*_' __P a *_l _f*T
WA 'wai W%/ _«¥.
Pills
B BB fl *«___?
Purely vegetable, mild und reliab.e. I cure all dis-
orders of the Stomach, liver, Bowels,
SICK HEADACHE, BILIOU NESS,
; INDIG STION, TOKPID LIVER,
DIZZY FEELINGS, DYSPEPSIA.
Price _ 5 cts. per box. sold by all drug_l. _»
2324
Jit the Vaudeville in Paris.
The part of the gay little wife in Sar
dou's play is taken by Rejane, and as
Doucet has made the dresses, all feminine
Paris is in a commotion, so lovely and
chic are they. Imagine the charms of
one composed of velvet of a rosy hue; the
bodice forming the vest is braided with a
warm color in the shade- known as wine
color. Tbe collar is likewise heavily
braided, and consists of two velvets the
interior rose, the exterior mauve. The
bodice is attached at the waist with wide
folds of tbe mauve velvet and finished at
the neck with a cascade of old lace.
Truly delightful is a costume of beige
cloth, which is embroidered with white
chenille. So exquisitely is this done that
it gives the effect of white roses scattered
over the gown. The back is __ut en
princesse, the front and the sides being
caught into a wide band of yellow velvet,
fastened with four large moonstones.
Yellow velvet composes the sleeves, and
they are draped at the upper part of the
arm; a quantity of filmy lace loims a sort
of chemisette, finished off with two small
levers in the colored velvet.
There is also a cape in mauve velvet
trimmed with an cmriecement of chin
chilla, a border of the same fur at the
edge of the cape, and a collar of gray fox
filled in with white tulle. From the chin
chilla empiecement there are folds of vel
vet falling to the border of the fur, and
uoon each fold is a white lace palm edged
with black feathers. Rather complicated,
is it not? But we must not forget that it !
had to be something out of. the common
to suit the situation. Remember, the
lady is supping in a restaurant with her
husband! Her hat must also not be for
gotten. It is formed of alternate gangings
of mauve mousseline de soie and velvet,
caught up on one side with bunches of
Parma and Russian violets and pink car
nations. From these issue an aigrette of
orchids and mauve violet irises, and you
can have no idea of the lovely toque this
combination of color and material makes.
Toilette upon the stage is one of the ele
ments of success. So no wonder the great
dressmakers take such pains in the evolu- !
tion of charming creations.
Evening Dresses.
Quite lately one made in empire style
was a success. From a broad belt of silver
over a white satin lining, with a beauti
ful fringe of pink roses on the hem, fell
softly the most dainty slip of creamy
white mousseline de soie. The great sash
of white satin had both ends bordered
with roses.
Russian net is being extensively used,
and one evening frock is trimmed with
flounces threaded with white satin ribbon
as far as the knees; the flounces are used
with good results, being put on so that
tbey slope downward in the front and
reach almost to the waist in the back.
Exactly bow this is managed I do not
quite understand. I only can assure you
that the effect is good. Bodices draped
with this net admit of but few variations,
as all must either have the swathed ap
pearance or the fabric must overhang the
belt. An admired swathed bodice shows
at the top a chemisette of the finest white
muslin and Valenciennes lace. . It is tied
on the shoulders with very narrow pale
blue ribbon. fflßMJfjW«[ri_jHß^
Another of the same description of black
silk net has a broad piece of elaborate
steel embroidery at the top, and by the
way, steel is considered extremely be
coming to a white neck, when used in
combination with black; with a touch ol
mauve at one side, violets are also fre
quently utilized, and these sweet flowers
are as amazingly popular as ever, for they
Fashion`s Decrees."
adorn many an imported dress, as well as
hats and bonnets galore. One creation,
a white satin gown, had a fringe of violets
at the knees, and at the hem large*. unches
of the same adorned each shouli_**r of the
j bodice, which was also of satin, embroid
ered with diamonds.
Some of the Very .Newest
Toilettes are made of fine net, spotted with
black chenille, over white satin. They are
admirable, but extremely expensive, un
less you can utilize an old ball dress for
the foundation. Grenadines are almost
equally attractive, used in the same way,
and quite as becoming. Speaking of
grenadines reminds me that some pink
and blue ones have just been designed for
the especial use by the debutantes, but
one serious fault to be found with them
is that in texture they are rather harsh.
The spotted net, commercially alluded
to as "esprit" net, is more effective than
the plain, and the large-mesbed Russian
variety deserves its popularity, and again
are lace skirts declared to be fashionable
when the lace is of the finest quality, but
oddly as it seems, the edge is to be
coarsely worked and trimmed with nar
row ruffles of ribbon. The amount of
material used in one model recently
shown was simply marvelous. Just below
the hips a very full flounce of the laces I
have alluded to was gathered from a
double ruching, while at the knees the
pattern of the lace was outlined with
three little quillings of pink satin. The
same trimming appeared at the hem. At
least twelve yards of lace was used.
Fur in General Use.
It even figures conspicuously in many
an evening robe ; for instance, a delicious
Nile green satin, beautified with pearls,
has deep frillings of lace headed and
edged with sable one inch in width.
Great bunches of violets apparently hold
it in place on the skirt and bodice. A
pearl-white moire velvet, a queenly gown
made princess style, is possessed of un
usual charms, for down the front extends
a piece of priceless lace, with just the
amount of fullness necessary for perfect
grace, and bordering this on either side
extend long strips of "royal sable," and
this regal fur also edges the gar
ment. A beautiful arrangement of
lace and fur encircles the wearer's
(she is a beautiful grandmother) neck
and here and there among the folds of lace
peep the most attractive of little sable
heads, some of which have eyes of real
rubies, some of emeralds and one has
diamond orbs. I cannot begin to do
justice to this simply perfect wort, of art,
which is rather beyond the means of most
of ns, still it appeals to me like a beautiful
picture which it would be impossible to
pass by without an exclamation of pleas
ure. But before quite dismissing this gown
let me tell you that it is lined throughout
with the palest mauve taffeta, a fall ruche
of which borders the trained skirt; the
lace front is draped over satin of exactly
the same mauve shade, and over this is
also arranged the quaint collar-like yoke
of lace and sable, and among the coils of
silvery hair just let me suggest a tiny
sable's head with eyes of amethysts.
Creations in velvet are by no means un
usual and connoisseurs declare that for
evening wear but few colors show to such
an advantage in velvet as a light and
tender pink covered all over with tiny
silver fleur-de-lis: ~\
Blnette and poppies, colored or in black,
are worked on many satin - gowns, and
several of the tulles and lace that are
embroidered in pailletes and gold thread
are still employed as French trimmings
on many of the fronts and backs of low
cut bodices. Black lace worked with true
lovers' knots and steel and gold inter
mixed with turquoises of various sizes
trimmed most successfully a handsome
gown.
Quite striking and very becoming to a
handsome brunette is a scarlet crepe de
chine. The bodice has innumerable ruches
and revers of black and white check. The
white mousseline de soie cravat is edged
with a narrow frill of the same.
Satin Remains in Favor
And from it are made many beautiful
garments. One of the loveliest of evening
gowns was completed the other day, the
skirt being traced with pearls and silver.
The same application was. made to the
bodice. • In front it is very loose and is so
arranged as to reveal an underbodice and
| shoulder-straps of real lace. From Paris
comes quite a magnificent creation, which
is to be worn at a large dinner party this
season. It is of shaded velvet. At.tbe
bottom of the skirt it is of a dark, rich
shade of velvet, but the waist is of the
palest mauve. In the waist -i lace and
.able are so skillfully handled that fhe re
sult is wonderfully good and chic.
Those who are fond of black for evening
wear have shown a preference lately for
velvet, as the black watered bengalines
are not near so successful as -those in
white, cream, light pink or pale blue, but
quite an unusual number of the most
fashionable matrons have shown a prefer-
Bf__l_-H_T_W_-_H-<Wff_f________n__- l r-'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
ence for gray watered bengaline, as with
rare old lace, fine sable and a touch of
silver embroidery, truly wonderful are
the results, especially when worn . by a
woman with a bright color and a clear
skin. Sallow women and brunettes should
carefully avoid almost every shade of eray.
A matron of my acquaintance lately
exploited with signal success the charms
of a white satin dress heavily covered with
jet embroidery, long lines of jet sequins
tailing from the waist to the hem of this,
and the coat bodice of Louis Seize order was
entirely covered with jet sequins showing
a vest cut square at the top and made of a
scarf of lace twisted into a bow. This
was completed for theater wear with an
Empire coat of black satin lined with
white satin with a sable collar lied round
tbo neck with a scarf of old lace, and the
matron, who was really a matron owning
to some fifty summers, looked quite
charming.
Wraps fop tl^e Opera.
Concerning opera cloaks, an' English
correspondent furnishes this valuable 'in
formation: "These have become a most
costly and important part of dress. We
have bad for some time a reproduction of
the Venetian mantl_s of medieval times,
but that is passing away as far as high
fashion is concerned. The newest, though
they reach from the neck to the feet in an
unbroken line, and are wide at the hem,
are cut most carefully to the figure, re
taining all the grace and style which a
good carriage entails; the heavy folds and
box-pleatings are attached to yokes, which
were in favor in the middle ages. The
redundancy of ornament, the masses of
lace and fur introduced upon them, have
given place in the newer make to light
but graceful embroidery carried down the
front, also under the arms, and down the
center of the flowing Watteau which starts
beiween the shoulders in a point instead
of a thick box Dleat, and it is so contrived
that it blends into the material and does
not stand out from it too boldly to detract
from the beauty of the dominant fabric,
which is generally the softest of moires
lined with some color that asserts itself
either in tbe front or through its outer
covering. All the collars . are high, • but
they are filled in with soft bouilionnes;
this. is most becoming to the chin and
neck.
And am delighted with a half-length
theater wrap of white silk broche with
colored roses. ,It is made full and basque
like in the back and simply immense loose
open sleeves that extend' well over the
waist. Round the shoulders is a pretty
hood lined/with rose pink velvet from
which rises a high Medicis collar of the
same. It la edged everywhere with sable,
which makes it a costly wrap. The lining
is of rose pink satin.
Widows' Wedding Gowns
Are usually now made of velvet and this
season the most fashionable have shown a
preference for either gray, heliotrope or
dark blue. Such dresses are generally
made long with Louis XV jackets and
handsomely embroidered satin waistcoats,
a considerable amount of vinate embroid
ery being' permissible. ;. Silver gray poplin
trimmed with fur is also liked by some.
A small and exquisite bonnet with a be
coming veil is usually worn.
•The Illustrations
This week are of unusual intesest. The
"Astrakan Jacket" has a close-fitting vest,
short rounded basque and high Macaire
collar in black Persian lamb, fastened
with military frogs and horn or tortoise
shell olivettes. Scrolls of the same braid
are conspicuous on the sleeves.
The "Afternoon Co«tume" is described
as being "a gown of red cloth, elaborately
embroidered on the skirt, and close- fitting
bodice with black braid, jet and silk.
Chemisette in pleated silk muslin. Co
quilles of lace on either side of the draned
collar in black satin, like the belt. Mous
quetaire hat in black velvet, trimmed
round the high crown with puffings of
gold tissue and chenille braid ; plumes of
black ostrich tips."
The artistic evening bodice is carried out
in yellow chiffon over pink glace silk,
headed with a pointed band and tiny silver
sequins and boasting 3 bolero and shoulder
puffs of daffodil and sunset-pink glace,
with a sprinkling of silver sequins and an
edging of narrow mink. Sequin-edged
ruffles finish the yellow eh ffon sieeves,
and two large paste buttons complete the
front of the bodice.
Dpessing-Sowns. •
Beautiful ones may nowadays be owned
by even the least well off of us, for eider
down and French flannels are obtainable
at such extremely low prices in most fetch
ing shades. For instance, take a gray
eiderdown, have it made up full and loose,
the fronts crossing, with a watteau pleat
in the back and a short train and a deep
rolling collar of whatever color is most
becoming. The open- sleeves must be
faced with this silk and the girdle or.-rib
boni encircling the waist match. Let the
upper part and sleeves be lined, and you
have a garment which will ; prove a real
comfort. '
Materials of silk and wool are excellent,
likewise. .All are made with sleeves,
which are wide at the wrists and arm
holes, for dressing gowns ' should be so
constructed that they can be slipped off
or on in a second. Those of French flannel
may be charmingly pretty if a little judi
cious care is manifested in their selection,
then, let, the flower, figure or stripe be
matched in ribbons and with here and
there a frill, the results are all that can be
desired. Two sets of muslin or lace ruf
fles should be always made, so that the
gown may from first to last impart that
air dainty women desire. Delicate shades
and colors are. now universally worn in
our bedrooms, for no longer are hideous
browns and reds tolerated by even those
matrons who have to give due considera
tion to expenses, for especially do Ameri
cans love the beautiful in all things, and
who would look like an Indian squaw by
attiring herself in a blanket wrapper of
red with black stripes when at a most rea
sonable figure can be had flaecy gowns of
white, blue or pink, with great silken
cords and tassels that drape the figure
most gracefully and will last with the
smallest amount of care a long time if
sent once or twice to the cleaner's during
the year?
There are some exceedingly pretty
striped velours flannels to be obtained in
the market, and the prettiest way of mak
ing these is with a pointed hood, open
sleeves and a silken girdle. An effective
trimming to such gowns may be made of
quilled ruchings of satin ribbon, these to
border the hood and the sleeves, and edge
the fronts down either side about three
inches from the center; and again ruch
ings may be allowed with advantage to
extend round the bottom three inches
from the hem. A pale mauve and gray
striped velours flannel treated in this
fashion, with pale mauve ribbons, is most
effective, and another very pretty combi
nation is pale blue and pink. One ot the
economies of ibis flannel is that it needs
no lining, although in confidence I may
observe that it is very much improved by
one of pongee, which is of all materials
the most delightful to slip on over the
lawn or linen nightgown.
Many who are very cold-blooded prefer
the oriental dressing gowns wadded and
quilted, made, lined and embroidered
with silk, as they are extremely light and
comfortable. However, I warn any ,of
you who have in contemplation such. a
purchase that a large per cent of those on
sale are made of a most inferior silk that
wears out rapidly, and unless you .are
ready to spend a" good round sum ..for a
superior garment they are to be avoided,
and in the . end it is more satisfactory to
have two or three gowns of -a light-weight
; silk and wool at half the outlay.
i ._.;•*.-;.',:---. -> v.. -.. Mabcella.
For the Men.
As the interest in golf is increasing in
tbis City it is well to know that plain
knitted golf stockings, with a bright pat
tern on the part that turns over, are
among the latest importations from Lon
don direct. . Such stocking are made in
dark browns, grays and fawns, but the
grays and browns are best liked. Apropos
of golf, Him, who is now in the coun
try, near New York, amusingly remarks:
"Even New York has caught the Scotch
fever, and out here they play golf in the
snow and wear absurd plaid ties and read
the Bonnie Brier Bush of a Sunday.
"But before I had left New York the
Scotch and the . French and the Conti
nental bizarre ideas had all vanished.
Men are not wearing gaudy neckties.
"To-day the man of fashion affects
white ascots, made for him, and now and
then he wears a black '-. or one figured.
Even . the waistcoat of brilliant hue, seen
to perfection after the horse show, has
faded away. 7 Here in , the country, , how
ever, we do things differently. 'We are in
muiti. ' Our golf stockings reflect the hues
of the '•"*- rainbow, the tartan and the
heather, and ; our knickers are of honest
tweed, with a dash of color as fascinating
as just a suspicion of absinthe in a cock
tail or the passing near of the garlic in a
bowl of salad." • -_••
With evening dress the waistcoat almost
universally worn is white Marseilles or
pique, double breasted, three buttons, and
U-shape, with _» narrow collar around the
U. White silk and pongee in its natural
color • have j been fashionable, and* even
white silk waistcoats, with small flower,
in white applique,' have been worn. .The
threatened- introduction of black satin
waistcoats for wear with Tuxedo coats has
proved a false alarm thus far. _. C.
A STRANGE SNAKE STORY
The following story is related '*_?.
Ellis of Huron. Kings County. Ellis is a
foreman on the Goshen branch or the
Southern Pacific Railroad and h, .repu
tation for veracity is unimpeachable.
"some months ago we had in our home a
peculiarly interesting canary bird a great
songster and a prime favorite in the fam
ily. The bird was prized very highly and
his sudden taking off was much the same
as losing a member of the family. . k
"One night, long after the family had
retired, my wife awoke me from a sound
slumber and said she thought something
was wrong with the bird, as it was flutter
ing and making a, great noise. I arose,
thinKing perhaps ray wife was mistaken
or that possibly our troublesome cat had
been 1-ft in the house and was frightening
the canary. The cage containing the bird
swung from a small crane fastened to the
side of the room.
"Near the cage was a small hanging
bookcase containing a few volumes. The
distance between the cage and the book
case as they hung on the wall was just
twelve inches.
"I procured a light and passing into the
room to my astonishment saw an immense
bull snake, with at ■■ least ten inches of his
length thrust into tne cage. The bird was
dead, as I was too late to prevent his
snakeship from striking.
"In some way, unknown to members of
my family, the snake had entered the
house, and in order to reach tho cage he
had first drawn himself up the wall until
his length bad rested on the bookcase,
then passing his bead across the space
separating the case from the bookcase he
had forced his ugly visage into the cage
and struck the bird. The wires in the
ffifi*P NEW TO-DAY— GO -DS. *_________-____,
COTOFjjIfPARIS!
CURTflin DEPARTMEHTI
run M.'v*r*-)i-;a _■ rasissaßm ■n...Bß_BE^Ba__Eß_^^B_________aH_Hi
Broken Tots of 2 to 4 pairs of a pattern of IRISH POINT, BRUS-
SELS AND NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS to be closed out at a
GREAT REDUCTION to prepare for stock-taking.
TAPESTRY AND CHENILLE PORTIERES, in odd lots of 1 and
2 pairs of a pattern,
To Close at Startling Reductions.
Balance of our RUG STOCK, consisting of Wilton, Daghestan,
La Paris and Bundah Rugs— also Ingrain Art Squares— size
- 9 feet by 9 feet,
At Immense Reductions.
300 yards of SATIN TAPESTRY, value at 45c and 60c. To on. Per
close at OUO Yard
250 yards of SATIN TAPESTRY, suitable for furniture coy- CA- Per
ering or drapery, value at 75c. To close at OWL** Yard
Balance of our stock of PLAIN ART DENIMS, best quality, mi- Per
36 Inches wide, locloseat I*_-_V_. Yard
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
____*■_____* HABTiA _E3S_l : »__a_-_>-rc_>l_._
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE, Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenne.
VILLE DE PARlS— Branch House, 223 S. Broadway, Los Angeles.
bazaar*
REDUCED v
CAB FARE.
Even the poor can ride
as well as the rich.
Baby Carriages.
All our Carriages have** Varnished*: Bodies,
Steel Wheels and Patent Brake.
All Carriages over $9.00 have Patent Hubs,
RUBBER TIRP. STEEL WHEELS.
Parasol Top, Reed Kody, lined with figured
. Sateen, steel wheels V 3.75
Hood Top, full size Hattan body, lined ' fig-
■•-,-.. ured Sateen, novelty springs, ste«-l
whee15.............. ....85.75
Parasol Top, Rued body, upholstered In Art
fabric, steel wheels and springs .i...!56._5
Hood Top, Keed 'body, upholstered In Fig- _
ured Sateen, steel wheel*, and springs. .87. 00
Hood Top, Reed body, upholstered in Derby . .
■;-. Cloth with Plush roil _>7.90
Hood Top, Kalian body, upholstered in Tap-
estrr with Plush roll," RUBBER TIRK.
ST_-E_i'.VHEK-__... 99.50
In addition we have a large assortment of
Hood and Parasol Top Carriages in newest de-
signs of bodies and upholsteries, selling up to
$30 each. . •« ,_'_. ..
We make a specialty of Carriage Repairing.
BEyfc 3«i^> I*_SRSE The most efficacious of Skin
Wi^bSSsS^mmmmY\l E F 00 '-*' an ' 1 T>'* , "<' Builders is rfo-
*■■*'*-_ /■-_. rf___SflSfl l ' n,rn< ' l:ile '* 1 , '- 1 physicians for its
WrS! *-* KWJi pnriiT acd efficacy. It remove!
!■_____ **" _K7''-_3 frt(: '' ' ''*' » n * 'an. prevents -wrinkles
■ajjMKk "-^ J\VK3a\ * *" 1 'ci-I'"' 'In skia soil, imooili,
X ___vi?^Sw_' l ii*;S)" o'ear, ami whit-*. It cures chapped
*S_^_/^sry \J_3jl hands, chapped lips, and many akin
gyr.;--- . _* >j*^B di_ea-e.i. Price 50 cents. Sold hy
m ****** all DruggisU.
And at PACIFIC COAST AGENCY. Room 29,
Donohoe Building, 1170 Market St., 8. F. '
cage where he had entered were pressed
aside, showing that he had used consider
able strength in order to force an entrance.
"It was no easy task to extricate the
snake from the cage, and when released it
did not take me long to dispatch the rep
tile. By actual measurement he was four
feet long, and how he entered the house,
which is screened, and then carried his
length up the wall to the bookcase, is still
to me a mystery."
Love`s Change.
With him she strolls the shelving sands,
Or walks the woodlands airy ;
He seems to be a hero bold,
And she to him some fairy.
Fair Cupid's marked them for his own,
And soon their troth is plighted;
Bhe smiles on him, he smiles on Her—
Two souls fore'er united.
*"* **•«* . •'
Of late there's been a sudden change,
In love's uncertain weather;
The tender looks, the smiles, the Jests,
Have vanished altogether.
She hardly says a word to him; '
He walks with sternest carriage;
I wonder if they've had a tiff,
Or is the trouble— marriage.
._ —Harlem Life.
a Fly-Leaf Poem.
ITo a little girl with a story-book— " Wympt," bt
Evelyn Sharp. 1
Here, in this book, the wise may find
A world exactly to their mind.
From fairy kings to talking fish,
There's everything such persons wish I
Sweeter little maid than you
Never read a story through.
Through a sweeter little book
Little me.id shall never look.
William Watson in London Academy.
A LAWRENCE
MrA, ™
if /V>>r ) Is The only one by which
XT^r/trf/* y° u can make a garment
T'T , 4*^*-*|pJ . without trying on.
MpXS^N ' . FREE TESTS.
■"fr* 9 * 1231 MMET ST.
TAB
WEEKLY
GHLL
ol It Publishes the Cream of tha
-J News of the Week and
01 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
_* ORIGINAL FEATURES.
5 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ .PAPER ON THE
ol PACIFIC COAST
3 Always Republican, but Always
3.; Fair and Impartial in Its
i °\ Rendering of the Po-
o\ litical News.
!eJ It's /the Pap»r to Send East it
J You Want to Advertise
2 California.
A Z~l v — '
J The Best \ /Mining
3 Telegraphic \/ News That
°) Service on /\ Is Accurate
•=K The Coast / \& up to data
H * n .
j 2 Not a Line of it Sensational
j°( or Faky ; and Not a Line of
jol it Dry or Uninteresting.
I 5. A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
i *^\ '■-.'. ' ,* *
! _>{ Bright,' Clean, A Champion ol
_) Thoughtful. Truth.
- =1 —^
„ *
! o( A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 - ALL THE TIME.
|3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
J HOME MAIL, $1.50
OK INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR AMRandsburg, Its Marvelous Gold Mines and Its Magic Growth
TC/ffiOT since the first rays of sunshine
I -_!_! illllminated tue way oi the illus
■_?*__>' trious Pathfinder over the sandy
wastes and cragged mountains of South
ern California have the sunny slopes of
the volcanic peaks and verdant mesas
given cause for such invasion and great
excitement as at present exists in the
new mining camp of Randsburg. When
en route from the ancient and honorable
pueblo of Los Angeles to the historic
mission on the bay of Monterey Genera,!
Fremont was unquestionably the first of
all prospectors to cross the golden reefs of
Randsburg, lying as it does within a pass
twelve miles due north from a historic
landmark known as "Fremont's Peak," at
the base of which the Pathfinder de
veloped upon the edge of a dry lake— by
sinking a well a few feet in depth— an
abundance of pure, sparkling water, which
has since served to quench the thirst of
many a poor traveler crossing the track
less sands.
Randsburg is the latest link in Califor
nia's golden chain, and will undoubtedly
prove the loadstone of the mining world.
Crowded vehicles, cavalcades of freight
teams, prospectors' outfits, etc., from the
old Concord and thorough brace stages to
the historic burro, speck the long lines of
wagon-roads leading from the railway sta
tions to this golden oasis of the Mojave
Desert, where a city or over 2000 inhabi
tants has been built up in an incredibly
short period, and its progress is only lim
ited by the supply of material, because ol
the slow process ol freighting by team.
The camp is crowded with prospectors,
investors, fortune-seekers, and mining ex
perts from South Africa to the Caribous
and the Com stock to the Atlantic The
man from Cripple Creek no longer en
thralls the attention of the mine-owner.
The ulstered and booted Britisher makes
hardly a ripple in the serenity of the
camp, and the South African expert is
more familiarly called by his given name.
The magic growth of the camp seems to
be justified by the wonderful development
of rich finds from the hammer tap on the
surface to the continuous rich and pay
rock from the grass roots down, and bids
fair to surpass any camp discovered in
late years as it is situated centrally in a
gold-bearing zone many miles in length
and as broad as the eye can reach. No
where has success attended the elforts of
tbe poor prospector greater than in the
district of Randsburg. Over $250,000 has
been extracted from the mines of this
camp by the original locators within a
period of six months, and it is safe to say
that at the present date there has not been
to exceed $5000 of outside capita! expended
in the development f mining property,
and in every case the expenditure of lahor
or money has met with stir*' and hand
some returns. While the reputation o."
this camp las been founded upon its
wonderful high-grade property, with ore
running in value from hundreds to thou
sands of dollars per ton, still the great
future of the camp lies in the value of its
low-grade ore which like a network trav
erses the surrounding country for miles
in extent and awaits only the advent of
the practical miner and moneyed operator
to yield its golden store.
■ Mining at the present time is being car
ried on in the most primitive style; whips,
whims and windlasses can be seeu on
the mountainside for miles around, but
not a single power hoist is visible in the
camp. Most of the producing mines aro
found in the contact, porphyry ana mica
schist and porphyry and syenite. Great
edges of quartz, ordinarily styled as "bull
ledges," are found traversing the district
in ail directions, differing from the ledges
of like character found in Northern Cali
fornia in that they are all more or less
mineralized and not infrequently carry
gold of extreme fineness that would pay
in more favored districts where wood and
water are plentiful. The dyke movements
are clearly defined throughout the district
and a careful study of the condition of
mines now being operated in relation to
formations there observed makes 'he work
of the intelligent operator and prospector
almost a certainty.
The Rand Mining Company controls a
group of eight mines upon what is known
as the mother lode of the Randsburg dis
trict, and under the management of C. A.
Burcham is fast becoming a noted
property. The Olympus, Trilby, Rand
OFFICE PANOSBUR.G DEVElOpaeni CO bF.e>EAN.nANAQEB.
The Gunpowder Bicycle, With a Series of Explosives as a Motive Power, Is the Latest Invention
kttfj POWDER bicycle is the latest in
t. POWDER bicycle is the latest in
;jj vention. T. M. Freeble, a mer
_,_■» chant of Latrobe, Pa., has just in
dented a most remarkable motor, which
.with £■* weight of eight and three-quarters
pounds and a length of eight inches, will,
when charged with ordinary gunpowder,
carry a machine and rider 100 miles.
Experiment-, and practical road tests
have demonstrated the entire practicabil
ity of the motor, and its general use by
the hundreds of thousands of wheelmen
throughout the country is only a question
oftbe near future.
A series of explosions as a motive power
seems somewhat odd at first thought, and
yet. when this invention is considered in
all its details its method of operation is ap
parent to all, and its manifest advantages
over the present pedal and sprocket sys
tem are evident.
The adoption of this powder motor by
bicycle riders means much to the wheel
ing world. It means that the steppesthill
* can be taken with the ease of the smooth
-1 est turnpike, and also that the matter of
lFP D ed is practically limited only by the
• inclination of the rider. It means also
that all the pleasnre and excitement of
wheeling can be enjoyed without any of
its attendant fatigues, and finally that
there is no rattle, rumble or jar, 88 with
many other motor machines, to disturb
tbe thoughts or conversation of wheelmen
and Yellow Aster claims of this company
are being developed in a miner-lik" man
ner, and thousands of tons of ore averag
ing $20 per ton in value is already in sight.
Mr. Burcham is styled the "Stratton" of
Randsburg, and as his famous prototype
I of Cripple Creek ventured his fortune for
the weal of the common interests of the
camp that gave him fame and riches, so
! does lie in this Eldorado of the desert,
'being one of the venturesome spirits to
. whose pluck and ener.y fell the fortune of
! discovery of this distrtct. With excellent
i judgment and business tact, Mr. Burcham
\ acquired a number of valuable properties,
none of which aro permitted to lie idle,
j and it is gratifying to note that his energy
( and enterprise are being rewarded.
The Butte mine, owned by H. C. Ramey,
! H. C. Tate, B. B. Somers and J. E.
i Ramey, is one of the richest mines in the
! district. It adjoins the Good Hope, and
j at a depth of 125 feet has in it 3 course of
! development produced over $60,000. H. C.
j Ramey, the leading spirit In this com
i pany, is an old-time prospector in the dis
trict, and is very popular among the min
i ers, to a large number of whom he gives
I employment. The ledge of the Butte
mine is stronger defined and traversed on
the hanging side by a great syenite dyke
running almost due east and west. The
J I C claim, lying contiguous to the Butte
1 mine, is attracting a good deal of atten
tion from mining men who are investi
gating the district, and presents a most
promising opportunity to the investor be
cause of its location.
The Omega claim, about four miles
southeast from the camp of Randsburg,
at a depth of forty feet shows a remarkably
strong lead of ore cropping, high-grade
siilphurets and is paying its owners hand
somely. The owners are Messrs. Crow &
Kuffel of Randsburg and Wilson of Mo
jave.
The Blackhnwk group owned by a com
pany headed by W. C. Wilson of Mojave
and Clyde Kuffel, postman- r at Rands
! burg, has produced some of the richest
; ore found in the camp, and is considered a
| bonanza to its owners. The entire
I country for miles from the Blackliawk
to the southward is of rich auriferous
sand formation to a depth of from one to
! six feet, nnd is being successfully worked
i by the Stine Mining and Milling Com
| pany of Los Angeles with a mammoth
! dry washing machine, the largest ever
I Known to be constructed or operated. It
j has a capacity of over 200 tons per day,
and witn the large number of acres of
j Day dirt which Uiis company have taken
up within the immediate vicinity of the
St. Eimo it is estimated they have suffi
: cient to run for years to come. Mr. Stine
of Los Angeles is the inventor and
manager of the machine at the mines and
Mr. F. Lindenfeld is president of the com
pany with Louis Ebbinger, N. T. Blair,
J. A. Lovie. W. li. E lwards, D. H. yon
ilev Lobe ot Lo. Angeles stockholders and
; directors.
Following the line of the Olympus to
the south is a long line of locations more
or less developed that present an interest
ing feature of the camp of Randsburg, as
this is considered the great mother io ie of
this mineral belt. The formation is strong
and permanent in character and the
ledges are all found at the contact of por
phyritic granite and slate and show strong
ly, averaging from ten to thirty feel in
width, with values running from $5 to $25
per ton. In this group are found the San
Diego Rustler nnd Skyscraper, owned by
O'Leary & Maglnms, and the Eureka 1
and 2 and Oid Glory, owned by Dickinson
& Decker.
Distinct in character from those hereto
i fore mentioned is a little group of mines
! about two miles from Randsourg, in what
\ is known as the Yuccaville section, with
great dykes of porphyry, micaceous i
schist and bull-quanz running from north !
to south, with distinct indications of
earthquake disturbances having rent the
formation from east to west, leaving
parallel fissures extendingoverone mile in
width and three miles in length within
which boundaries are found hundreds of
stringers of very rich quartz.
The absence of milling facilities on ac
count of the scarcity of water has been a
great drawback to this camp, and only
I high-grade ores would stand the expense
!of treatment. At present it is necessary
[ to haul the ore to water, some ten miles
or women as they ride through finest
shaded roads or country lanes.
The motor entirely does uway with that
bugbear of wheeling, the tocket chain
and also the pedal and at he same time
occupies but little more than the Same
space.
In appearance the small cylinder of the
motor is three inches long and one inch
in diameter, at the forward end of which
is a box known as the exploding chamber.
This is two inches long, one and a half
inches high and one and three-quarter
inches wide. From the rear end of the
cylinder projects the driving rod. Above
the cylinder is the powder ma azine. four
inches in diameter and two inches deep,
it is from this magazine tbat the explo
sive is supplied by means of a feeder to
the exploding chamber below.
The motor is fastened on an ordinary
machine in place ofthe pedals and sprocket
chain. The driving rod which takes the
place of the chain is similar in action
although naturally much smaller than
tbe driving rod of an ordinary engine.
The end of this rod which projects from
the cylinder connects with a crank at
tached to the eccentric which in turn is
fastened to the axle of the rear wheel of
the machine. The forcing outward of the
driving rod from tbe cylinder . causes the
crank to revolve and this in turn commu
nicates, the motion to the eccentric an
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
distant, at an expense of $10 per ton
for hauling and milling. At Garlock there
are three mills in operation and three
more in course of construction, at Kaur
Springs one ten-stamp mill and at Cud
d»rback Dry Lake one five-stamp mill.
Until a short time ago water for domestic
use was hauled in barrels from Garlock,
ten miles away, and sold at $2 per barrel,
but now the camp is supplied from wells
recently developed in the hills near by.
and the wattr is p ped in. An enterprise
is now on foot looking to an abundant
supply ol water from a point about eight
miles distant that will furnish sufficient
for mining and milling purposes for a de
velopment many times as great as now.
OFFICE BUILDING OF FUGARO 6-kAG*3DALE: *~""* J
wheel, giving motion to the machine.
The motor is of one horsepower and the
powder magazine has a capacity of five
pounds. From the front of the magazine
extends downward a chute leading into
the exploding chamber.
Within the chute there is a system of
valves governed by a rod which follows
the frame of the machine up and over the
forward wheel to the handle bar. This
rod is used to control the speed of the
machine and also used as a brake when a
gradual stop is desired.
The valves in the feed chute work on
what might be called an open and shut
principle. There are three of them, an
upper, middle and lower one. When one
is open the other two are closeu. That
this may be accomplished the valves are
connected by a bar which has at the upper
end a cog wheel fitting into a smaller cog,
which governs the valve opening directly
from the magazine into the chute.
The second valve is midway between
the others and acts as a governor to both,
shutting off the supply when t'.-e speed is
too rapid and increasing it when more
speed is desired.
The third or lower valve opens directly
into the exploding chamber and is much
heavier than the others, for the, reason
that it has to withstand the force of con
cussion and strain caused by the exploding
powder.
While this camp presents the most
flattering inducements to practical miners
and men of means for investigation and .
investment, it must be admitted that there
is no inducement for men seeking employ
ment, as the mines have not reached a
state of development where it is possible
to work many men at present.
Tue Randsburg Miner, the first news
paper to be published in the camp, by
George W. Glover Jr., made its initial ap
pearance in a four-column folio De
cember 12, 1896. It is a bright, newsy
little sheet. In the second issue of Satur
day, December 19, in a communication
addressed to Major E. F. Bean of the
Randsburg Blue Gravel Cement Company,
I fit FIRM CANVAS STORE in RAND3BURG buiixby AOr4T€OftERY BRta
the editor makes the following interesting
observations:
There are almost innumerable quartz veins !
running to all the quarters of the compass, i
among which some 4500 locations have bean i
made, the most of which are held by men who j
have no money and, like many in new districts,
hold them of so great value that special min
ing men of capital are not willing to pay as
much for a small hole in the ground as a de
veloped paying mine will bring. This will
cure itself in due time. A location, simply
because it is quartz, will not necessarily be
valuable. £. \- ; -
The great problem now to be solved is, Do
these mines go down? So far, about 120 feet
is the deepest shaft sunk In some cases con
tinuous pay is found, and in others broken and
barren spots are encountered.
For this winter I would advise all who have
not the means to support themselves for a few.
months when here to stay away, 'for there
is limited employment, and will bo until capi
tal takes hold and does that kind of mining
that requires regular payrolls.
The outlook for years to come is very en
couraging. If no more pay mines are found it
will be a good and prosperous camp, and if
the mines develop permanently down then it ,
will be a wonderfully rich district.
All mat seems in the way of immediate
progress and prosperity is that miners that
hnve from ten to thirty claims without a dol
lar refuse to sell for anything short of the
value of a paying mine.
Such is discouraging to those who are will
ing to invest a reasonable amount of money
in a fair prospect.
-The town of Randsburg, according to the
surveys of a hulf-dozan surveyors, and- as
established repeatedly, is located in the south
half of section 35, township 29 south, range
40 east, and in the north half of section 2,
township 30 south, range 40 east, all iv Kern
County, lt is just a mile from the east line of
section 35, and two to the San Bernardino
line.
Randsourg is connected by three stage
lines with the outside world, one line
from Mojave via Garioctc and Goler, a dis
tance of fifty-two miles northeast; another'
line from Mojave by what is known as the
Mojave "short line," run by J. W. Fiani
gau, a distance of thirty-eight miles north
east; and another still shorter route from
Kramer on the A. and P.. railway to
Randsbur,-, only twenty-four miles due
north, via Francisville, where the prince
of entertainers, Colonel Frank Francis,
looks well to the comfort of the passen
gers en route. The road from Kramer is
hard and of easy grade from Francisville
in to Raudsbure, making it quite a pleas
ant trip. The advertised fare from Mojave
to Randsburg is $3 and from Kramer $2,
which is considered reasonable enough.
The three different lines send to Rands
burg from five to eight stages a day, aver
aging about seven passengers each. They
land their passengers at the St. Elmo
Hotel, run by Roach & Henderson. This
is the leading hotel and is made famous
for its wonderful rooming capacity. No
matter how many arrivals a day they al
ways have plenty of room for more. This
will be more clearly understood when
stated that they have actually but seven
rooms and one spring bed in the house,
but they have three or four annexes with
unlimited cot capacity. The largest of
these is called No. 11. Nearly every ar
rival modestly requests a good room on
account of being tired or kick. Mr. Roach
replies: "Certainly, we will give you a
good room." He then tells Joe Carroll,
the room clerk, to put them in No. 11. If
room 11 was ever filled up no one ever
heard of it.
The growth of Randsburg is something
phenomenal. Four months ago there
were but four tents and less than fifty peo
ple in the camp by actual count. There
are now 175 bouses and 276 tents, with an
estimated population of 2000. All lines
of business are represented and prices are
moderate, though some of the pioneer
business houses have got the trade pretty
well in hand. Yet there are new stores
opening up al nost every day. 'This, how
ever, is warranted by the rapid growth.
There are a few very prominent mining
men from Colorado, Arizona and North
ern California now in camp looking over
the situation. Among them may be men
tioned J. J. Brown, an owner in the Little
Johnnie of Leadville, one of the biggest
gold-producers the world ever saw. With
Mr. Brown is James A. Shinn. a heavy
mme -owner and operator in Leadville.
These gentlemen express themselves as
greatly pleased with the camp and declare
their intention to become interested in
some good properties. Mr. Brown has
large interests in Montana, Idaho and
Arizona.
Colonel Charles A. Tozier, one of, the
olde-d and best-known mining experts on
the Pacific Coast, has been around the
camp for the past three weeks and is par
ticularly well pleased with the outlook.
Robert Strauss, half owner of the Fortu
na, near Yuma, Ariz., passed through
Randsburg a few days ago, on his way to
Inyo County, toward Panamint. He ex
pressed quite a favorable opinion of what
he had seen of the camp. *
The sale of the Santa Ana, Mercedes
and Napoleon mines was consummated
last Saturday. The group was owned by
Garlock, James jJrothers and Simpson
I THE PIONEER DWU6 STOK- 6 OFFICE OFHL.NELSONS-DB
The exploding chamber is the heaviest
part of the motor. v lt is constructed of
steel, and in it the powder explodes as it
comes from the magazine through the
feeder. As the explosion occurs a gaseous
smoke is generated which acts much the
same as steam, in that it operates the pis
ton-head of the driving-rod within the
cylinder, one end of which is connected
with the exploding chamber.
As the volume of this gaseous smoke is
increased the action of the rod is propor
tionally increased and an increase of speed
results.
To avoid any possibility of explosion of
the gases generated by the exploding
powder there is a valve at the top of the
exploding chamber through which the ex
cess of gas is automatically allowed to
..escape.
The speed of the machine, to a certain
extent, regulates the action of the valves
in the supply chute. There is a small
thumb-screw arrangement in the chute
which adjusts the angle of the back of the
chute, forcing it nearer the valves or in
creasing the speed as the rider may wish.
A rod working from the rear wheel to the
chute opens and closes the valves as the
wheel revolves and thus allows the powder
to escape from the magazine.
The powder is exploded in the explod
ing chamber to make a start in the first
instance oy concussion. There are a
and was sold to Munson & Leighton of
Los Angeles for $10,000.
The new owners put men to work sink
ing the Napoleon last Monday and it is
the intention to push development work
and show what is in tho ground as quick
as possible. A good stri-te may be looked
for at any time. Hon. F. S. Munson, one
of the purchasers of this group of mines,
is City Councilman of Los Angeles. He is
not in the habit of doing things by halves
and will at once push the work of develop
ment to its utmost. He is now starting a
double compartment shaft on the Napo
leon and will put up a mill as soon as suf
ficient ore and water to warrant it.
The pioneer business houses of Rands
burg deserve great credit for overcoming
the expense and difficulties attendant
upon' bringing, in merchandise, building
material and all kinds of supplies and
keeping down prices* to. about the same as
in towns upon the line of a railway. The
firm of Hammond & Co. were the first to
open a general store, when only twenty
five or thirty people were in the district.
They have kept pace with the camp and
now.have a large stock of genera! mer
chandise and make miners' supplies a
specialty.
J. \V. Ragsdale of Madera was one of
the first to invest in Randsburg mining
properties. He has formed a copartner
ship with Mr. Fugard, a capitalist and
mining man of Los Angeles. They have
erected a fine office building and are han
dling mines, real estate, investments,
buying and selling mining properties, etc.
They are part owners of the J I C, one of
the best mines ,in the district, and have
made some of the biggest sales yet made
in the camp.
Major E. F. Bean of the Randsburg
Development Company la one of the
most active men in the camp in buying
and selling mining properties, and repre
sents a great deal of capital seeking in
vestment. The Major has been rustling
in the camp from its start and has been
handling some big propositions.
James & S. Montgomery, formerly of
Omaha, are the pioneer wholesale liquor
dealers in Randsburg. They located here
in April, 1896, and have practically got
the liquor trade corraled.
J. M. Crawford of Bakersfield put up the
third building in the camp four months
ago, and now owns nearly the entire block.
He is doing a splendid wholesale and re
tail liquor business.
H. L. Nelson, the pioneer mining broker,
buys and sells mining property ; invest
ments, insurance, abstracts, real estate,
notary, deeds, etc.
Dr. Hempstead, the pioneer druggist,
was the first to establish a pharmacy in
the camp, and now has the only complete
line of drugs within a distance of sixty-five
miles in any direction. He has become
quite popular in the camp and practically
holds the entire business in his line.
The Randsburg Produce Company, com
posed of Los Angeles gentlemen, has been
building up a splendid business in ship
ping produce to the surrounding camps.
It was established here December 16, 1896,
and has the only strictly produce houso in
the camp.
Claude Bohanon has a wholesale and
retail liquor-house, carrying a fine line of
goods. He is agent for the - Fredericks
burg Brewing Company— also Constable
and Deputy Sheriff.
The tri-weekly mail service in and out
of Randsburg is very inadequate. Peti
tions for a daily service have long since
gone to Washington, but action seems to
be very slow. The fact is the mails are
cumbersome, naturally, made so by ac
cumulation at Mojave, .where they may
be short of help, but where the service 13
actually worse than none at ail. Letters
nave been delayed eight and ten days
going each way through the Mojave office,
and it would be far better if they would
take, the pouches direct from the train to
the stages and let the Randsburg office
do the distributing for Garlock and Goler.
In this manner great delays would bs
overcome, as the Postmaster at Randsburg,
Mr. Clyde Kuffol, is a live, active and
obliging young man, and frequently works
up to 11 and 12 o'clock at night to ac
commodate the public in the delivery ol
their mail. He has just put in a large
number of new Yale lock-boxes and the
office presents quite a metropolitan ap
pearance. J. P. am-
, series of caps so arranged within the
chamber that every pressure to the full
extent of the governing- rod leading to the
handle-bars explodes one. When the
rider wishes to start the rod is forced
down, the valves in the chute are opened
and a cap within the chamber is exploded
causing the machine to start. Jnst the
reverse operation causes the entire ma
chinery to stop. The drawing upward of
the rod shuts the valve, causing the flow
of powder to cease and as no more gaseous
smoke can be generated tne machine
comes to a gradual stop. To make a sud
den stop the ordinary brake is used.
The motor is fastened on the frame of
the machine by a clamp, which is in
reality a portion of the cylinder and wheu
secured fast nothing except the breaking
of the machine frame can displace the
| motor from its position.
.So little powder is exploded at a tim
that there is no smoke and no odor and
the action of the motor is so even that
riding on a machine worked by this
method of propulsion is much like coast
ing down a good hill on an ordinary
machine. Foot rests instead of pedals are
placed at the forward part of the machine
on either side of the fork, but are much
wider than the ordinary rest so that there *
Is no fatigue resulting from keeping the
feet in one position for an extended length *
of time.
2526
IN CHILDHOOD`S REALM
I'^SSr^UR ancient forefathers in Britain
eil ancient forefathers of the year
1 called the first month of tbe year
_3 "Juis Genver." or "cold air
montn," a name still given to it in Corn
wall.
In Germany, too, the idea existed that
the days grew colder as they grew longer.
Later on the Anglo-Saxons called it the
"Wolf monat," because the wolves were
more ravenous then than at any other
time.
In old calendars January is pictured as
a man bent with age, carrying a wood
man's ax and a bunch of faggots. He ap
pears to be shivering with cold and is
busily engaged in blowing his fingers to
keep them from freezing.
Bennie and the Sea.
Benny Loom is went out with his father,
On the boundless blue ocean to sail;
The soft e-jntle breezes grew fiercer
Till at lust tney swelled into a gale.
" Oh, papa," pale Benny moaned faintly,
" To the land let us hasten to go.''
" 1 don't like the sea," quivered Benny,
" 'Cause its making me unswallow so!"
Mary F. Merrill.
A Story of Old Erin.
HoW a BraVe Boy Gor\quered and
SleW the Qiar\t of White Hill.
BY EDGAB PENFIELD.
A long time aco there lived in the land
of Erin a weaver with his wife and his
three daughters. One day, while gather
ing fagots in the wood, the father, who
was accompanied by his eldest daughter,
was accosted by a tall, strange-looking
man.
"Will you give me that girl of yours,
my good man?" the stranger said.
"And that I will not," the weaver an
swered. . *
'But I will give you her weight in gold,"
said the man, and before the father could
speak there was the heap of shining metal
on the ground before liim.
The temptation was too great to be re
sisted, to the man departed with the girl,
and the weaver buried bis gold and then
went home to his family.
"Where is Fair One?" asked the mother,
as her husband came in alone.
"Ah ! 1 sent her on an errand to the vil- j
lage," the guilty man replied.
But night came, and the girl did not re
turn, and the mother's heart was grieved.
But the weaver thought only of his gold.
Another day the weaver was gathering
fagots with his second daughter when a
strange man addressed him:
"Give me this maiden," he said.
"Nay, but I cannot," the father an
swered.
"I will give you her weight in silver," j
responded the stranger, and therei n a mo- \
ment was a heap of shimmering silver on
the ground.
So the girl departed with the man, and
the lather, after burying bis silver, re
turned home and repeated of his daugh
ter the tale he had told of Fair One.
"Alas, alas!" cried the mother, day and
night, when neither child ..turned home: I
"I have lost Doth Fair One and Bright
One. Alas, alas!".* . . •
Another day the father parted in the
same way with his youngest daughter, for
her weight in copper, but when he saw his
wife lament more for the Gentle One than
for the other two, his heart was moved to
pity and he confessed his guilt.
Then the mother wept no more before
him, but all day, out in the fields and
woods, she let her tears fall, and her sobs
uroke the stillness around.
Soon after this a little boy came to
them, and often he wondered to see his
mother weep. But she never would tell
him the cause of her grief. One day, how
ever, he came running home from school,
crying:
"Mother, mother, cease your weeping,
for I will not rest three nights in any
house till I have found my three sisters!"
The next morning, as he was setting out
on his journey, the mother cave him
three loaves of bread,' but she wept when
she said go .d-by, and went into the house.
The boy, however, was not depressed.
The sun was shining, the birds were sing
ing, the flowers were blooming, and hope
beat so high in his heart, that he was
clad, and felt in harmony with the joyous
mood of nature.
At noon he sat down on a mossy rock
beside a brook and took out a loaf of
bread to eat. But before he had taken a
bite there stood before him a queer-look
ing man, with a great shock of red hair.
"Alv little man," the dwarf cried out In
! a shrill, piping voice, "give me something
! to eat."
"With pleasure," the boy replied, eying
j his strange guest, and when they had fin
ished their repast not one morsel of the
three loaves remained.
During the meal the little boy told the
dwarf of his errand, and when they were
about to separate the dwarf said:
"You have been kind to me; now I will
serve you."
Then the dwarf stamped his foot on the
ground, and immediately there lay at his
feet a small sword, a cap and a scarf.
"Here," said the dwarf, handing these
things to the boy; "here is the sword of
sharpness, which, so long as you carry it,
will prevent you from being so much as
scratched, much less can any one kill you.
And this is the cap of darkness, which,
when you wear it, will make you invisible
and carry you swifter than the wind wher
ever you wish to go. This is the scarf of
plenty; if you are hungry or thirsty you
have but to spread it on the ground, and
all that you can wish for and more besides
will appear. Now farewell, and remem
ber me when you return this way."
When the boy, whom we will call
"Sunny One," turned to thank his friend
be had disappeared, and the next mo
ment, as he began to think of his sisters,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY IT, 185*7.
 ipi _^* S m
SjicAAl-PS*
_:•
he suddenly felt the ground at his feet
tremble, and in a moment he saw a great
hole open, into which he fell.
Down, down, down, he went. All day
he fell, but, strange to say, he felt no
queer sensation at all. Suddenly he found
himself on his feet in a strange country,
just as the sun was rising there, and the
birds were singing their morning hymns
of thanksgiving for the breaking of a new
day.
Sunny One put on his cap of darkness,
and immediately be felt himself rushing
on, outstripping the wind, till he stood
before a great palace, but was debarred
from entering it on account of nine locked
gateways. It wa3 written inside his cap
of darkness that here lived his eldest sis
ter, Fair One.
Seeing a little maid inside tb.3 gate,
Sunny One pulled off his cap, and im
mediately she cried out:
"Go away, go away, or you will be
killed."
"No, I shall not go," he answered. "But
do you go to the lady within and tell her
that her brother is here."
Soon a very beautiful woman dressed In
gold like the morning sunshine, came out
to him and led him into the palace.
When Sunny One told her the story of
bow she and her sisters had been sold for
their weight in gold, silver and copper, she
knew that he was her brother, for no one
else Ci* ' I have known her story. So she
told him not to be surprisea at anything
that might happen in the castle.
"For," she said, "my husband is en
chanted, and only in the night-time does
he appear as a man."
Sunny One was delighted with all he
saw in his sister's palace. Everything was
of gold, from the finest dust in the drive
way to the massive pillars supporting the
walls. Beautiful divans of gold, covered
with ru__s and pillows of cloth of gold,
greeted bis eye on entering, and even the
water in the fountain fell in great amber
clouds, as if the morning sunshine,
stretching in its long linger-like rays, had
the 'touch of Midas.
Sunny One saw that his sister was
happy, tnough her face often clouded
when she spoke of the enchanted spell
that hung over her husband.
As evening drew on suddenly a terrible
noise was beard' and a great ram dashed
into the palace and up the broad golden
staircase. A little later a handsome man I
_ame down and received Sunny One very j
graciously.
A wild toy menagerie one night got away
From its keepers and mixed in a savage affray,
And strewn far around where the conflict had raged
• Were the fragments of "Ark" in which they'd been caged.
A little stuffed doggie had sprung at a sheep
With furious fang and had put it to sleep,
In pain and in anguish a "Noah" had died,
And the sawdust had bled from a hole in his side.
A tiger had chewed on a tin turtle's neck —
The paint had come off and the toy was a wteck —
The "Royal Bengal" was himself knocked clean out,
And his. ears, tail and claws were all scattered about.
Then a fierce, bristling pig with a razor-like tush
Had gone for a big grizzly bear with a rush,
And died, for his foe with one swipe of his paw
Had smashed the wild porker's hot, truculent jaw.
A rabbit had found a giraffe in his path,
Which became then and there the cause of his wrath,
He had charged like a soldier all wild to attack
And lay on the field with a crick in his back.
A lion low crouched by the badly wrecked ark
Was sorely surprised by a kid in the dark,
And being unable to fight or escape, -
Had been bumped by that goatlet till quite out of shape.
A hungry red fox had full ravenous tried
To eat his way through a cloth elephant's hide;
A poor plaster kitten,, bereft of its breath,
Had probably purred its toy body to death.
A python had coiled himself round the stair rail
Till he split himself clear from his head to his tail;
A monkey had strayed near a huge crocodile
And furnished a meal for the king of the Nile.
A little policeman lay cold on the floor,
His pretty blue uniform spotted with gore;
In keeping the peace he had given his life
And was dead in the midst of that terrible strife.
So with teeth and with claws throughout that long night
They had fought to the death and died in that fight;
And strewn far around where the conflict had raged
Were the fragments of ark ;in which they'd been caged . .
And the papers next day, with a great flaring," head," .-''
Told the world how they died and how they lay dead.
Of each luckless creature they printed the name
And said at the closing, "Nobody to blame."
Tom Gregory.
"I know that you are the brother of ray
Fair. One, and only you can release us,
when you have completed the task before
you and killed the Giant of the White
Hill. Tarry here for a few days, for you
are welcome."
[To be conc'uded next week.]
After the Holidays.
The Ghnis.rT.as Tree's Lament.
My branches now
Are stripped and bare
Of ell their wonders
Rich and rare;
My (.Uttering lights
Will shine no more
For the oilman's cart
Is at the door.
Alas, alas,
That this should be
The end of the
Glorious Christmas tree.
M. W. R.
A Mystery.
Gobolink, a name suggestive
Of fire or water, earth or air
A shape which we by chance invest with
Fur or feathers, scales or hair.
An airship mystic you might be;
i A serpent rampant on the sea;
A reptile, beast or creeping thing;
A bird that sails on silent wing;
Whate'erour fancy shapes with ink,
You still are curious goholink.
Sunday-school Superintendent— Can any
of you tell me why Sunday is called a day
of rest?
Little Dick (holding up his hand)— l
A TERRIBLE OCCURRENCE
kin. It's 'cause we get up early and hurry
through breakfas' so's to dress in time for
Sunday-school and then hurry to Sunday
school so we won't be late and then skip
inter church 'fore the bell stops ringin'.
and then go home to dinner and get fixed
up fur afternoon service, an' then get sup
per an' go to bed so pa and ma can get
ready for evening service. That's all
we do.
The Broiklet.
Over the rocks the waters flow,
Swift to the ocean they soon will go;
There at the ocean's foaming feet,
These littlo waters all will meet.
Over the rocks the waters flow;
Where little fishes dart to nnd tro;
[ Where the oak trees spread their shade
Over the valley and over the g'ade.
Over the rocks the waters flow,
Where sweet violets and daisies grow.
Where little fishers drop the hook
Into the depths of purling brook.
Eugene Van Antwerp.
Oakland, January 12, 1897.
_pßJ£&* ♦
"God loveth a cheerful giver," and a
cheerful receiver is hardly less praise
worthy at Christmas time.
THE LETTER
BOX.
Roseville, Cal., Jan. 10, 1897.
Dear Editor: This is my second letter I have
written to The Daily" Call. My papa has been
taking your paper for several years, and I en
joy reading the children's page. I go to a
grated school. My teacher's name ls Miss
Skilllpp.* I have two pets; one of them is a
litile calf and the other is a little dog. My
dog's name is Prince. Sylvia Theile.
Broderick, Yolo County, Cal., Jan. 6, 1897.
Dear Idilor: This is my first letter to you,
and 1 hope it will i . i;*s the waste-basket. Leo
to the Sacramento Institute school and am in
the fifth grade. I am a boy 11 years old,
and I have a little brother 11 months, whose
name is William McKinley. My father has
taken The Call for six years, and I like
the chillisn's pago very much. I think my
letter is getting too long, so I will close, re
maining your true friend.
Georgie Locghman.
Santa Rosa, Cal., Jan. 10.
Dear Editor: I read The Call every Sunday.
I have not seen any letters irom Santa Rosa,
so I thought I would write to you. This is my
first letter to yon. I go to the Fourth-street
school. My teacher's name is Miss Smith. I
am in the A fifth grade. My papa is the agent
at the Southern Pacific depot. I have a great
deal of fun there. As I think my letter is
getting too long I shall close. Your little
reader. Genevieve Stone.
Age 9 years.
Alameda, Cal., Jan. 12, 1897.
Dear Editor: lam a little girl 12 years old.
lam in the seventh grade. I wish to become
a member of the C. R. C. Please tell me how I
may. My papa has taken The Call for a long
time, and I enjoy the children's page very
much. Your new friend, Mary Conro.
Calistoga, Cal., Jan. 11.
Dear Editor: I have not written to you for
several weeks, but I could not on account of
being sick. lam much better now, but still
The Palace of the Year.
By G. A Davis.'
An open door, where God's great angel stands;
Without, the star-sown midnight and the cold,
A shroud of darkness round the dead world
rolled;
Within, a many-chambered palace fair;
Along the walls, like painted tapestry.
Waver the shadowy shapes of things to be
Love self-surrendered, crowned with golden
hair.
The sacrifice of married lips and hands;
have to stay in the house. A short time ago I j
received a letter from Clinton Harrington, our •
little friend at Trinidad, and was exceedingly ;
pleased, for it was a very interesting letter. I !
think that if all the boys and girls would
write to nim they would feel the same as I uo.
I was much surprised and pleased to see a
picture of the petrified arch at the Calistoga
Hot Springs. I have seen it often but never
knew how long it was supposed to have been
there or by whom it was built. Indeed, I
never asked about it, but supposed it was put
up by Sam Brannan, the under of this town,
when he owned that property. The picture is .
just as natural as it . can be, and I think I
know tbe buggy and the people in it. I was
pleased to find a lot of nice poems in The Call
yesterday, for I'm so fond of poetry. I also
enjoy my music very much. Well, : I must
close, hoping to see my letter in the paper
next Sunday. Oh, yes; why do we never see
anything from Maud Mallary any more? Your
friend, M. Eva Navone (C. R. C).
Santa Maria. Cal., Jan. 12.
Dear Editor: I am 12 years old, and my papa
has taken The Call for about three years, and
he likes it very much. I enjoy reading the
children's page. I live in Santa Maria Valley.
I go to school, and my teacher's name is S. B.
Schuer. He is a very good teacher, and has
taught our school for five years. I am out for
our winter's vacation. Hoping this letter will,
escape the waste-basket, remain your reader,
Mary Jane Mabcum.
Bodega, Cal., Jan. 11, 1897. :
Dear Editor : lam 8 years old. and I think I
am big enough to write a letter to The Call.
I live in the old town of Bolega. I would be
very pleased to see my letter in The Call.
My address is Smith Rantjh, Sonoma County.
Goodnight. ■ Linda Tomasi.
Carmel Valley, Cal., Jan. 8, 1897.
Tear Editor: As I have not seen any letter
from Carmel I will write one. - I live near the
old Carmel Mission, one of -the oldest in the
State. Papa has only taken The Call for nine
months and likes it. This is my first letter to
any paper. Fearing my letter is getting too
long for the first time I remain your new
friend, ; Marguerite Mossop.
Siskiyou, Or., Jan. 9, 1897.
Dear Editor: Christmas and New Year's are
over. I shall write to you again. Santa Claus
came to see me and brought me several nice
presents. I have four brothers and two sisters
ana lam the youngest of them all. I have a
sister married, living in Dunsrnuir, and an
other sister 14 years old is staying with her to
0 toscho ol this winter, as we ■ have no school
here during this season. We are having very
pleasant weather here in the mountains and
not much snow. Your little friend, .
Hazel Greive Noonan.
. San Fran<_sco. Jan. 12, 1897.
Dear Editor: Kindly r insert this letter of
mine in the children's page for next Sunday.
As I spent the Christmas season far up in the
mountains in Caiavetas County I - wish to re
late how I enjoyed myself far above all mv ex
pectations, because the weather was very
agreeable and the different people I came in
contact with were very nice and kind to me.
1 had , lots of fun with a very fine, well
trained dog by the name of Sullivan. I should
like to own him, but I am sorry to say that he
is not for sale just now, as he is the pet of the
house.. Christmas day we had a fine spin
down to Redding station with a splendid team
of horses. Mamma and I went out prospecting
for some time, but could find no real gold
nug/ets. We found • lots of pretty quartz
though. The country up there is very, inter
esting ami valuable. I saw the Utica gold
mine and many others. I went out-bear
hunting one day, but had to go home without
shooting anything, which made me very sad I
until Sullivan, the dog, drove my cad looks
into smiles. Yours truly, Willie Vetteb.
Watsonville, Jan. 11, 1597.
Dear Editor: 1 wish you a Happy New Year
on the wonderful number seven. If there is
anything In signs, we ought to be a prosper
ous Nation from this time on. McKinley's
election, followed by the lucky number seven,
ought to bring prosperity, peace ana plenty
through the four years he guides the ship of (
slat .. : My papa has takes The Call ever since
I can remember, and lam eleven years old. I
like "Childhood's Realm" very much and read
it through every week.' I would like to join
the C. R. C. if you will tell me how I can do '
so. Mamma says The Call is the only city
paper that is reliable or fit to bring into the
family. I heard a man say once that if he read
anything in the other daily papers he would
always go to The Call to see if it was true. I
think that is a pretty good name for a paper to
have. lam very much interested in the G<-bo
links. I tried my band one to-day and sond
it to you with a short rhyme composed for
tne occasion. I have quite a number of pets;
two dogs— a big one and a little one. The
small one is a Japanese spaniel and is every
body's favorite. Two white rats, named ' Lady
There, foe with foemati meets in ghostly fight,
On strange dim fields In lands unknown,
< afar —
There Victory's lifted helm shines like a star;
Or over some dead passion falls the nigh
Of Sileuce and defeat and vanquished Right.
And every chamber is a fair new day,
Full ol all p iv.er and possibility,
And in our hands God lays the golden key.
Jane and Little Madge; two rabbits and a
Maltese kitten, wbom we call Jo. He is real
good, for he looks at the birds-, but does not
jump at them. I should like to have a mor
key for a pet, for I think they are very cute.
Hoping that this my first letter to The Call
will be printed, I remain your friend,
May Peckham.
J._W p\izzles, Questions, Etc.
I. hidden names of birds.
(a) 1 should like to be a gleaner in your
field - -aHSlffisH ; ' ; • -' • *'-■-'
(b) He was second or third In the last exam
ination.
(c) On this wall owls perch at night.
(d) George is fond of swimming and Ernest
of skating Josephine Raspilleb (C. R. C).
11. RIDDLES.
Whole I am an elevation.
Change my head and I am not lost.
Change it again and I am an animal.
Again and I am perfect.
Again and I leap.
Once more and I have no end.
Lena Woodson (C. R. C.).
111. a word SQUARE.
1. A small glass bottle.
2. A domestic animal.
3. Angry.
4. A flower.
5. Affected looks.
Carrie Gons .lyes (C. R. C).
IV. cross-word enigma.
My.l is in rat but not in mouse,
My 2 is in stable DUt not in house,
My 3 is in marry but not in more,
My 4 is in silent but not in roar,
My sis in Kittie, not in Jane; . "
My ti is in tail, also in Maine;
My whole belongs to Uncle Sam-
Guess me quick if you can.
E. M. Bolqer (C. R. C.%
V. My 1 is a portion of a whole,
My 2 is the top of a roof,
My whole is a bird.
Feed Anthes (C. R. C).
VI. PI. A PROVERB.
Eth rome easth hetsels sedpe.
. Jessie Harkin (C. R. c.).
VII. •* beheadings.
(a; Behead a household necessity and have
an apartment. . •'. .\- **._■'
(b) Behead an inscription and have a mascu
line name.
VIII. CURTAILINGS.
Curtail at once aud have a negative.
Ida Wightman (C. R, C).
January's Patriotic Days.
HISTORY questions.
IX. Where was Daniel Webster born?
X. Why does his name still live?
y\rvsWers, for, .January 10.
ANAGRAMS.
I. Theater. _.._. . .
11. Saltpetre. ■■••: ■■;■■■
- beheadings.
-111. (a) Cash— ash.
fb) Pounce— ounce.
(c) Stable— table.
IV. (a) Pink— ink.
• (b) Cow— ow.
(c) Switches— witches.
(d) Farm— arm.
KIDDLE.
V. Unite—
ENIGMA.
VI. Bid, rats, oh, fear, feel, fog, sock, get and
heart. "Birds of a feather flock together."
history.
I. Alexander Hamilton, born January 11,
1757, in West Indies. He was a strong de
fender of American colonies; also was a mem
ber of convention which met to form a consti
tution for United States.
11. Pestalozzi was born January 12, 1746. in
Switzerland. He was the originator of object
teaching.
Froebel, the founder of the kindergarten
system, was his friend.
Horace Mann, the great educator, was hij
pupil.
ArxsWers to Gorrespor.der.ts.
In order to become a member of "Child-
Hood's Realm Club" you must contribute aa
original story, puzzle or rhyme for our Chil
dren's Page.
Contributors of puzzles must always send in
correct solutions also. i
What has become of Lucy Moeller ? i
Besides letters published interesting letter*
have also been received from the boys and
girls whose names follow:
Eugene Van Antwerp, p. C. Mulligan, W.
Lyons (C. R. ('.), Josephine Rnspiller (C. R.C.).
Esther Indig, Margaret Harper, John Decr.r_l.
Answers to puzzles of January 10 have been
received from the following • members of
Childhood's Realm Club: Alice Bell, Ethel
McClure. For January Jessie H&rkin,
_______________fflHß_H9B_t * ____B__El___________- h .Is a Submarine Death Trap
London's Artery of Travel Under the RiVer
Thames the Scene of Many LoVe VoWs
and Mysterious JMurders
■f""awIXTY feet below the surface runs a j
12^ passageway under the Thames, j
' _Sl.? It has been the scene of many
love rows and murders, as well as several .
interesting and amusing lawsuits. It is j
in the form of a large pipe forced through j
the earth, rather than a tunnel, and its |
grewsonie history attracts the attention of j
every visitor to the ancient British cap- j
ital.
Now this famous landmark of old Lon- j
don is to be swept away, the County Coun- j
cil having decided to close the strange j
construction. .It is known as the Tower j
subway, and runs beneath the river from j
Tower Hill to Tooley street.
Perhaps no spot in the great British cap
ital is more famous than this quaint old
structure, which from an engineering
standpoint is without doubt one of the j
greatest curiosities in the world. It was
constructed in 1569 and cost over $30,000.
Two shafts, each sixty feet deep, lead
down to the tunnel, which is simply a
continuous steel tube built of circular
band?, which were riveted to each other as
fast as the boring was done. The tunnel
Is 1330 feet, long and is only seven feet
high. It is now lighted by electricity, but
in its best days— those to which so many ;
recollections are attached it was kept in
total darkness.
/ "he tunnel was first opened with the
idea of quickly shooting passengers from
\ Tower Hill to Tooley street, a journey
which would take quite a time if made on |
the earth's surface. A quaint little circu- I
lar omnibus was constructed of steel and
quickly drawn from one end to the other j
by a wire. The passengers descended the |
shaft. and entered the omnibus through a j
trapdoor in its top, descending into j
the car by a ladder. This crude and un
comfortable method of transportation met j
with only little public favor, and it was
not long before the little steel "train" j
was abolished. The ventilation was bad,
and coupled with the darkness was always j
the fear that the River Thames would
some day break through the steel tube
and drown the passengers in their little
subterranean deathtrap. Once in the car,
it was imDOSsible to get out until the other
end of the passage was reached. The only
exit was through the trapdoor at the top,
. and when this was in the tunnel there
was no room to open it.
Two or three times when the cable has
broken a carload of passengers have been
near death from suffocation before they
could be released. There is plenty of ven
tilation in the tunnel itself, but no room
to allow of its passage into a car.
When visited for the first time a most
.uncanny feeling comes over one. The
atmosphere is damp and chill. No outlet
is to be seen, and above can be heard the
splashing of the paddle-boats as they
steam overhead in the Thames. Death
would be certain if the water should ever
break through, but in this regard there is
little- dancer, for the structure is im- |
mensely strong.
Since the abolition of the little steel I
"train" the bridge has been opened to foot ■
passengers on payment of one cent toll, 1
but few pedestrians care to take the walk
I ■without they are in a dreadful hurry, for j
I fipart from its natural uncanny appear- I
' ance, so many episodes of grewsome I
nature have happened there that those at
all nervous are almost afraid to take the
trip.
.There have been several murders com
mitted in its depths, and several times the
■shrieks ot a terrified woman have told of
. highway, or rather subterranean, robbery.
Once caught in the tunnel by a desperado
there is no hope of escape, and if rescue
is at band there is small hope of catching
the offender. The passage is so small
that only three persons can walk abreast,
and then they are compelled to walk so
close together that their travel is any
thing but comfortable. It is impossible to
run through the tunnel.
Still the quaint old place is recalled
among the happy recollections of dozens
of London's east-side lovers. It has for
years been a popular meeting place for
" 'Arry" and " 'Arriet," and many is the
love song that has been sung there to the
music of the rolling waters. Elopements
bave been planned there, scandals have
had their origin within its depths, and its
name has been used a thousand times to
hold refractory children in check. So
narrow is the tunnel and so many the
amusing experiences that result there
from them that t<e London comic papers
are always publishing accounts of ficli
aious lawsuits. The following recently
Appeared in a comic weekly:
V"* suit for damages brought by Thomas
Yates, a brewer living in Wimbledon,
against Evan Roland, who conducts a
large bakery in the Shoreditch district,
was tried in the Bow-street Police Court.
Mr. Yates weighs in the neighborhood of
300 pounds, while Roland is almost as
large. According to Yfctes he entered the
tunnel at Tooley-street entrance, making
the short cut to save time, he was on im
portant business. When in the middle of
the subway he met Roland, and after a
quarter of an hour's dodging the two men
found out that they could not pass each
other. Then an argument rose as to
which should go back. Yates explained
that he was going to Compete against
several other brewers for the,, supply of
several public houses owned by a syndi- j
cate. Roland frankly admitted that he \
was on pleasure bent, but firmly refused
to walk back to Tower Hill. The men re
mained there arguing for half an hour.dur- '
ing which time fully a dozen persons en
tered the tunnel from - one end or the
other, and finding their passage blocked
were lorced to retire. Finally Yates de
cided to retire from the scene, and make
| his way back to Tooley street. Later he
brought suit against Roland for $10,000
damages, asserting that he had lost the
opportunity to extend his business through
him. The court held that if there was
cause for a suit at all it was against the
city and not against Roland, and the lat
ter was discharged. The city, however,
had protected itself by returning to each
man his half-penny foliage, and the case
j was soon dropped, v
Owing to the financial failure of its tun
nel, the company which owned it has re
ceived $55,000 from the corporation as
compensation for the loss of takings, and
now steps are to be taken at once to close
j up the strange old passageway.
Simplicity Is Alert.
The merits of simple and artistic effects
in furniture need no special mention. The
] era of stiffness and tawdry display is, to
j a great extent, a relic of the past, and
! even the manufacturers of -the cheap
| grades of furniture are making praise
i worthy attempts to exemplify the health
; ful and esthetic tendencies of the times.
i Not so very long ago, says the Washington
correspondent of the Pittsburg Dispatch,
there was an excess of ornamentation and
display, which is giving place to better
taste and greater beauty and simplicity
design and effect. The masses in con
formity with the wonderful progress of
this latter day — are evincing better judg
ment and more exacting discrimination
in their demands, and aro not content
with the gaudy and vulgar productions of
twenty or thirty years ago.
• Within the past decade or two fashion
has been very fickle and changeful, but
through all the numerous variations of
style there has been a strong and whole
some undercurrent toward a greater sim
plicity and harmony. Particularly has
this been true of bedroom urniture. The
beautiful effects now prevalent, while sat
isfying the natural craving for change and
novelty, have yet in no way detracted
from the wonted conveniens- of the vari
ous accessories of the chamoer. Bedroom
j furniture nowadays is as beautiful in idea
j and finish as the most celebrated exam-
I pies of the most famous makers in the.
[ past, and, furthermore, are far better
i suited to their uses. Wardrobes were for
< merly built essentially for t:.e "warding
j of robes," and then facilities were limited
I to hanging space and trays and drawer?.
Their interiors were uniformly very
simple, and mahogany was invariably
used. A bedroom was not, in the days of
our mothers, considered complete without
a cheval of glass, which was ugly and
awkward. These costly and cumbrous
mirrors have been dispensed with, and are
rarely seen outside of servants' quarters
or second-hand store?.
Our toilet tables are much more con
venient than the ones our ancestors used.
They were, as a rule, plain and fitted with
a movable glass and one or two drawers,
which, a3 they were immediately below
the mirror, restricted the space on the top
of the table. Vastly superior are the
toilet tables that our ladies use.
"William Gray.
i
The mirror is fixed and the necessary
drawers are raised above the surface of the
table, out of the way, and in nowise tres
passing upon the room of the table top.
Washstands are similarly improved.
i Judged by the present standard, those of
j a couple of generations ago were ridicu-
I lously small and crude, be they ever so
i gaudy and ornate. They belied their name,
i for their size and shape almost forbade a
"good wash." And they were so con
structed as not to close up when not in use
j Sanitary science has shown the usefulness
of such a practice and modern washstands
are made in conformity with the princi
j p'es of hygiene and sanitation.
In the chair and. cabinet work for up-to
date halls in newly built houses the char
acteristic of the compactness and con
venience of modern furniture is parficu
larly marked. This apartment is usually
of small dimensions, and . consequently
condensed accommodations are hi hly
essential. Any innovation which affords
convenience and at the dame time mini
mizes space is a welcome boon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
Strange Pipe Under the Thames, the Scene of Many Murders.
This Man Just Came Back, to Life.
Strange Case of Suspended Animation — Experiences Passed
Jhrovtgk by William Qray, Who Is Declared Dead
and J-lis Coffin Sent For
__' -«'T^ ILLIAM GRAY of "Washington
rl/lf 7 County, Indiana, has just been
'jliMy^ .Hatched from the most horrible
of deaths. With'n a few moments of the
time fixed for his burial he sat up and
quietly told the undertaker that lids
services would not be r- quired. Had not
the supposed corpse returned to ii le so
suddenly another tragedy would have
been added to the many laid at the door
of our system of burial. Here is written
by his own pen the first account of this
remarkable experience:
Before I begin to tell the details of how
I came near being buried alive, only a few
days ago, I would like to say that I am a
plain man, without much education, so if
you expect any fine de-cription in my
writing you will most likely be disap
pointed. I intend to simply describe as
nearly as I can the horror of my feelings,
and I have no doubt the bare facts them
selves will be sufficiently interesting with
out being dressed up by fine language.
The frightful agony of mind I passed
through will be enough, I am sure, to fit
me for the task of describing it all, for not
for a moment has one detail left my
mind; in fact I suppose it is now im
planted on my memory foiever.
When I died, fori was dead according
to the doctor, there were present at my
bedside the following people, all of Wash
ington County, Indiana; Mary F. Gray,
Jennie Shields, Mary A. Shields, Robert
Shields, William Bartle and James Bar
tie.
All of these will swear to tho truth of
what I say and so will the doctor, Dr.
Elrod of Hennysville, Clark County, for
I am sure that the mind of every one
present received a shock that will remain
with them for a lifetime. Even now they
all 1 ok at me as if wondering whether I
am really alive or am just a walking
spirit, and if % it was not all so dreadful I
could laugh when I look back at the whole
affair.
I am a farmer and was born iij Wash
ington County forty-four years ago. I
have been sickly for several years. You
must excuse me if I keep saying I died,
for I am firmly convinced that I passed
through the experience of death.
I was first taken ili last month,
being seized with .a kind of colic or
cramps. At first I thought little of it,
but after a day or two the pains grew bo
bad that 1 sent for Dr. Elrod. He lives
ten miles away. I explained to him how
I felt and he pave me some medicine and
it did me no good, and toon my pain was
awful. I began to feel hot aoout the head
and could not remember things very well,
and for two days I lay in some kind of a
fever. The doctor came twice a day, but
I grew worse and one day toward the end
of the month the family gathered round
my bedside and I could see by their
grieved faces that they thought I was go
ing to die.
There was no shock in the news. It
seemed as if I had known for years I was
going to die, and then I felt my limbs
growing colder and colder, and realized
that the end was at hand. First the chill
struck my feet and it extended up my
limbs, and then from my finger-tips to
my body, until I felt as if an icy hand
was just about to grip my heart, and that
when that was done I should be dead. My
pain was gone, but in its place was a
haunting dread that seemed to swell my
veins until I thought that I should be
come a maniac before I died. So much
agony of mind was crowded into that one
short moment it 'see met. as if I could not
contain it all. I felt the sweat rising on
my brow. On the inside it felt as if every
drop was of molten iron, and that as it
reached the surface it was chilled by the |
cold hand of death. Nearer and nearer the |
cold approached my heart, until it seemed
as if I could measure the distance. I |
knew that in a second more all would be
over, but in that second I lived a thou- '
sand lifetimes. My boyhood days all ;
swept before me, and a thousand details of I
my daily life long since forgotten passed i
before my mind. My voting days spent at i
the plow, and the many hours I ran about
the fields tugging at my mother's apron,
as she led from the fold a sickly lamb or
went to pass a cheery word with the hay
makers—all this passed through my brain
at lightning speed; and when all was
over and the last second of my long dream
arrived I realized that I was just about to
face my Creator. T is was the only sense
of relief I had. I had no lear, for the con
viction of the goodness of the G d on high
was so firmly stamped on me that it was a
reality.
Throughout the long strange scene I
saw the people by my bedside. I watched
their tears and listened to their moans ot
grief with an acuteness that I had never
felt before. It seemed as if 1 could not
help hearing them, and my eyes were fixed
with a rigidity that could not be described.
Then the end came. With a clutch
like that of a thousand cold steel vises,
my heart was grasped in the firm embrace
of death, and all was_3ver.
I say all was over, because this was the
first moment's respite I had had, and it
was until some time after that that I
realized ray situation, and the reaction set
in. The first thing that then impressed
me was that some one leaned over the bed
and bursting into a fit of violent sobbing,
said: "He's dead; my God! lie's dead."
Then a thousand voices seemed to take
up the words, "He's dead, he's dead, he's
dead," until their echo throbbed on my
brain like the beating of a shop hammer
that was the beginning of my second
horror. I realized that I was dead, or at
least I thought so. Then I began to won
der if I was ready dead, lt had occurred
to me as strange that I did not see heaven
or the other place. These thoughts gave
mc a momentary shock, but nothing to
the horrors that followed. My reason
gradually returned, and just as if some
one had struck me a violent blow came
the full realization, "I am not dead— l am
in a trance."
Then the weeping of those about my
bedside was heard with redoubled force.
It seemed as if they stayed there for days
and every tear they shed was only binding
me firmer in ray living tomb. My eyes
saw everything that went on. I tried to
move, to speak, to blink my eyes, but I
was fixed, held down it seemed by. a
thousand grinning devils. Then I was
alone, that is the people left the room. I
could hear the tick of the clock and
counted the seconds flying by. Soon I
must bo buried, and I felt convinced that
no power I could summon would ever
break the spell. My imagination led me
down a million lanes, each one leading to
the very verge of the hereafter. I fancied
that I was placed in a coffin and lowered
into a tomb. There were half a dozen
other coffins on shelves, round the place.
Suddenly the lid of my casket was raised
and I realized that I could move. I rose
from my coffin, and finding myself
entombed, began to shout for help. No
help came, and after a long siege of tor
ture, I began to go almost insane. I re
member with a clearness too horrible to
dwell upon how I laughed and shrieked
in ray insanity. ....
This '. frightful vision continued. The
door of my room opened and several grave
looking 'men came in. I thought that
they were the undertaker and his assist
ants. Almost as soon as they entered the
room tb-^y began to measure me for a cof
fin. 'My blood seemed to be turned into
boiling oil, and m.v brain — had I the
power of a Longfellow, i could not de
scribe the feeling it contained. But the
end was near. The people came into the
room and talked for a few moments w th
the undertaker. In reality theundertaksr
bad not yet arrived. Then as if banished
by a wizard's hand all my torture fled. My
life came back, and without the slightest
feeling of pain or worry of" mind I sat up
and inquired what all the trouble was
about. The wild shriek that came from
the lips of the women folk and their
ghastly looks will remain with me forever.
I realized the horror of the situation. ,
; The folks sent for Dr. Elrod,, and £ when
he arrived I was sitting up, and have been
for the past several days, though the mem
ories of it all remain my constant; com
panion. William Gray.
A great Austrian specialist ; has demon
strated that in' countries where no cow's
milk is use*.! there is no tuburculosis, but
that in every .country where cow's milk,
butter and cheese are used consumption
and its kindred diseases are prevalent.
In making gold : threads for embroidery
it has been found that six ounces of gold
can be drawn into 200 miles of wire. 5* _
An Electric Hotel TRAWAY.
Register, Pull a . Liefer, and Before you Can
Say Jack Robinson you /\re at
Your GKamber Door
T^JWILLIAM LOCKWOOD. 113 Cham
__t*l/i_j bers street ' New York, a hard
: ___■(' lip-, ware merchant of wealth and me
chanical genius, has just worked out the
details of a most remarkable invention,
which he hopes to see in. every large hos
telry in the laud ere long. He has trav
eled for twenty-five years, and dv ring that
time, after a careful estimate, he has
figured out that he has walked through
hotel corridors a distance almost equal to
that from Gotham to the Golden Gate.
With such an extensive hotel acquaint
ance it naturally follows that his very face
is known in every hotel between the At
lantic and the Rocky Mountains. He is.
by no means unfamiliar with many of the
hostelries of the Pacific Coast, and it was
this familiarity with hotels and the chief
disadvantages of the best of them which
first gave him the idea of his plan, which
may seem somewhat impractbal or
chimerical at first glance. It bas, how
ever, been pronounced entirely practical
and feasible by hotel men and mechanical
engineers, before whom he has laid his
plans.
Everybody who has had any experience
at all with hotels knows the tiresome
length of the hallways and corridors of a
big city hostelry, where hundreds can be
accommodated at one time, and also the
confusing labyrinth which the hallways
are to a stranger in search of his or her
room. The very fact that the hallways
are so confusing to one unfamiliar with
them causes much unnecessary walking,
and to an invalid or an old person the ad
ditional steps taken in a wearisome hunt
for a room often . means much in the way
of exertion. It would puzzle a conjurer to
find his room in Young's Hotel in Boston
or in the Windsor or Plaza hotels of New
York, especiaily if he was unfamiliar with
tbe arrangement of the balls.
It is to do away with all this unneces
sary walking and hunting about the
house that Mr. Loekwood has perfected
the details of his invention and it is the
comparative ease with which it can be ap
plied to any hotel and the amount of time
and walking which it will save guests of
the house which causes him to hope that
before long they will be a reality in every
hotel of any consequence.
This invention entirely does away with
the necessity of walking from the time a
guest registers at the clerk's desk until
the door of one's room ; is reached. The
invention is a unique indoor tramway,
which leads to all parts of the house and
on which guests can . be carried wherever ,
they may desire to go. When one pauses
to consider the idea in all its simplicity of
detail the practicability of the whole thing
becomes at once apparent and the wonder
is why in this age of labor-saving devices
it was not thought of long ago and put
into general use.
Starting from in front of the clerk's
desk, where the newly arrived guest regis
ters, is a small pair of rails, very light of
construction and set into the floor of the
corridor so as to be hardly noticeable. In
fact, so little do the rails attract the notice
of the guests that at a casual glance they
appear more like a part of the design of
the floor ornamentation than anything
else. From the desk these rails lead di
rectly up the stairs and through the maze
of hallways to all parts of the house.
Immediately after the guest has regis
tered and been assigned to a room the
clerk, instead of calling for the time-hon
ored "front," simply touches an electric
button, and almost as if by magic a hand
some little car glides around the corner
from behind the desk, and passing along
the miniature railway track, the use for
The New Electric Hotel Railroad.
which now becomes apparent, stops in
front of the desk. In the car is a seat
which can accommodate two persons,
while perched behind in another, much
like a footman's, is the bellboy, who con
trols the car by the means of a lever and
an electric button.
There is no noise when the car moves,
and apparently no motive power until one
looks carefully, and there is discovered a
small slot between the tracks, very simi
lar to the slot used by the cable-cars, only
much smaller, and in keeping with the size
of the rails. From the bottom of the car
there projects downward through this slot
a slender steel rod which travels through
the . slot on an electric wire, just as a
trolley dees, only instead of being at the
top this trolley is at the bottom of the car,
and through It is carried the electricity
which furni-hes the motive power to the
car.' The power is controlled by means of
a lever which either throws on or turns
off the current, causing the car- to, move
■-.-.. ■,-_■> *- . ■■-.■■-■
or stand still. The details of the motor
are exactly similar to the ones under
trolley streetcars.
These cars themselves can be made very
attractive, especially if they are made to
match the furniture and the rest of the
house furnishings; or they may be made
something after the style of a swanboat,
with a gracefully rounded front which
curls upward and practically surrounds the
occutants, while the backward sweep of
the sides partially covers tne body of the
t bellboy in charge. These cars can be
! made very ornamental as well as useful,
and there is practically no limit to the
possibilities of the artificer's skill in mak
ing them light fairy looking affairs, con
structed of and decorated in any fanciful
design which may be chosen by the hotel
proprietor or conceived by the maker.
Then as the car rolls noiselessly along over
its well-polished rails it seems to be sliding
along the floor in the most mysterious but
rapid fashion. ' : _.V' '_*;'*'
- When the guest has taken his place in
the car and the bellboy is told the number
of the room a turn of the lever starts the
car on its way. As the car starts up the
stairs a strong cogwheel under the center
of the car, but sufficiently bigh to clear
the floor when on the lever, works over a
third rail placed in the center of the track
from the bottom to the top of the stairs.
This third rail is notched to fit the cogs of
the wheel, and thus the ascent is made up
the broad stairway to the flpor above with
out slipping. The tracks lead all over the
house, and each floor is a complete rail
way system in miniature. The cars can
be switched from one set of rails to an
other by simply pressing an electric but
ton within the car, and the current pass
ing through the wheels to the rails auto
matically sets the switch, one pressure of
the button throwing the switch in one di
rection, two resetting it and three throw
ing it in the opposite direction. By this
means the cars can go to any part of tho
house.
Not only can this indoor tramway be
used in carrying goods from the oflice to
t eir rooms, but it will be of inestimable
value to invalids, who by this means can
sit in their rooms, call a bellboy and tak
ing the car at their room door be carried
without any exertion on the part of any
one and no personal effort directly to the
dining-room, parlor, smoking-room or
cafe, as they may elect.
By the use of this invention a stranger
going into his room in a strange house
will not feel like an explorer of unknown
loreign regions, wherein may be pitfalls in
the shape of unknown stairways, open air
shafts or pieces of furniture lying in wait
in unexpected places to upset the advent
urer whose temporary aim in life is to find
his own room and not by mistake wander
into the linen press or housekeeper's pri
vate sanctum.
In addition to its many advantages this
i invention is an improvement ou even the
! most modern elevators in that it can make
! the trip between floors almost as quickly
as pn elevator, and the necessity of walk
ing to the elevator and then from the ele
vator to one's room is done away with.
Mr. Loekwood is firmly convinced that
his invention will practically revolution
ize the present methods of getting about
in the hotels of the country, and he is con
fident that he will soon witness a practical
demonstration in the leading hotels of his
electric hotel tramway.
Novelty in Bedroom Sets.
A decided novelty in bedroom furniture
is a recent English invention. Fancy a
complete chamber suit that can be folded
into one small case measuring 6 by 2 by 2
feet! Other articles of furniture are also
made after this patent. A new sideboard
brought out by the firm which holds the
patent rights is five feet wide and seven
feet high, and is as rigid as glued-up fur
niture, and easily manipulated. In a few
motions this apparently solid and band
some article is reduced in height to ten
inches,, the widtn remaining the same.
When this sideboard is in use only a close
scrutiny will reveal its difference from an
ordinary buffet. The motions are few
and simple;- no tools are necessary, no
previous knowledge is needed, and there
is no complication of parts likely to get
out of order.
Dining-room and parlor furniture on the
same principle has also beeh put upon
market. The inventor has had his idea
patented all over the world. This folding
furniture promises to be very popular,
especially for use in crowded city apart
ments, where space is restricted and valu*
able.
2728
STAGE
Weak tea and _loughnuts flit before my 1
mental vision when I recall the theaters
last week, not that this mild form of re
freshment was tendered to amusement
seekers by any enterprising management,
but simply that weak tea and doughnuts
would excite the nerves and stir the
imagination about as much as most of
last week's novelties. The incoherent im
pressions that stand out on my mind
after attending them oil are Ferris Hart
man's clever skit on the aerial ballet, at
the Tivoli; an ineffably complacent new
hero, with an " I'll-just-smile-sweetly-'
while - you - photograph- me" air, at the
Grand ; George Os bourne and seme artistic
scenery at the Alcazar, and a Hungarian
orchestra, which the majority of the
Orpheum audience entirely., failed to
understand or appreciate.
I had the advantage of sitting behind a
seasoned Orpheum first-nighter at the
opening performance of the Hungarian
Orchestra, and as he was kind enough to
pass his criticisms in a loud and pene
trating tone of voice, I had an opportunity
to mark, learn and inwardly digest a
critical first-night decree. He was adorned
with numerous diamonds and other costly
bric-a-brac and was recklessly prodigal in
the consumption of Manhattan cocktails
and chewing gum. His best girl, whom
lie was escorting, wore a monumental hat,
pleasingly ornamented with two spread
ing fans of feathers, each large enough to
make a fire-screen. The possession of this
trophy was evidently a source of great
pride and gratification to her some
people find it so comforting to purchase
one seat and take up ten times as much
view of the stage as they pay for^. It is
getting something for nothing, and that
is- always a gratification.
"Well! I'll be switched, there's only
nine of them! Call that an orchestra!''
lemarked the first-nighter as the members
of the Hungarian Orchestra took their
places on the platform. He listened criti
cally during the performance of the over
ture to "William Teli," and after forti
fying himself with half his third cocktail
remarked severe!}*: "They ain't no good.
I have heard that 'William Tell' before
lots of times, and them fellows left out all
the noise; but there, what can you expect
of a band that can't raise a drum or a
trombone?" I was so interested in this
practiced critic's views that I began to
cherish a most unreasonable hop that
WaldteufeFs "Concert Waltz" would have
the good fortune to please him. The Hun
garians broke 4nto a dreamy, throbbing
rhythm that seemed sensuous enough to
stir the pulses even of a connoisseur w..ose
musical standard is "Trow Him Down,
McClosky," an J "My Mother Was a Lady,"
but the first-nighter sam he'd like to bee
himself dancing to a waltz like that "nit!"
and the owner of the hat giggled and re
marked, "I wish they'd give us a tune."
It was when Berkes' "Hungarian Fan
tasie" was being played that the contempt
of the gentleman in the diamonds broke
ail bounds. "It's like the wind howling
through a fellow's whiskers," he re
marked, and then I knew that however
much the Hungarian Orchestra might
fascinate music-lovers it would never ap
peal to taose seasoned first-nighters who
chew gum and fortify themselves to sus- ,
tain the evening's entertainment by con
suming cocktails.
When the Hungarians had left the stage
Rosners orchestra struck up a slap-bang
overture to one of Miss Caldwell's popu
lar ditties, which after the melancholy
beauty of the "fantasie" sounded like
beating rhythm with an ax out of a pack
ing case. How Rosner's music has degen
erated since the days when he conducted
the Rod Hungarian Orchestra! but that's
another story. The first-nighter was
touched in a tender spot by those noisy
strains: "There's some style about that
music," he said admiringly "something
you can pick up and take home with you,"
and 1 began to understand how managers
must feel when musical enthusiasts blame
them for not keeping up a hi.her standard
of art, just as if tne managers were in the
show business entirely for their health.
Victory Bateman is going to leave the
Grand! When I first saw her I thou ht
her the b?st leading woman Manager
Morosco had ever captured, but familiarity
with Miss Bateman's acting has led me to
believe that she does not act at all — she is
just Miss Bateman under all circumstan
ces. Her lines may be different and her
costumes diversified from week to week,
but her interpretation never varies by a
hair's breadth. "From Greenland's icy
mountains to India's coral strand," in
Russia and Iceland, in the wild and woolly
West and in the languorous Souih, in high
life and low life, in sickness and in health,
whether she is supposed to be a princess
or a peasant, "Miss Bateman is always Mi*s
Bateman ; that is to say, she is always re
fined and genteel in manner, with a slight
tendency to laugh and cry at the same
time in moments of emotion,, and she
always perambulates the stage rapidly
when in trouble, as if sorrow, like a feel
ing of chilliness, could be walked off by a
brisk constitutional. She is perfectly
natural on the stage simply because she
never attempts to assume the slightest
mannerism that is not .her own. Pleasing
as this young woman is in some respects,
Mis. Bateman always playing Miss Bate
man is a case of tou jours perdrix. .Variety
is the spice of life, and for the sake of ob
taining this seasoning at the Grand a
change of leading woman will not be an
unmixed calamity.
What a marvelous triumph of perse
verance Nordica is! She has climbed up
to her present exalted position chiefly by
means of the Wagnerian ladder, and I am
sorry that she has pandered to popularity
by putting Marguerite and Leonora on
her programme, for neither is one of her
strong characters. Her greatest successes
have always been made in Wagnerian
roles, and if she bad wanted to tickle the
popular ear she might have given us a
sample of her Elsa, instead of treating us
to the hand-organ airs of "II Trovatore."
I remember the first time 1 saw her she
was with Mapieson, and, as usual, the old
gentleman was in financial straits, and
was not paying his artists. Nordica's first
husband had disappeared on one of his
balloon expeditions, but the time 'of pro
bation required to prove his death had
not expired and she had not come into
his money. There were no gorgeous im
ported gown?, nor diamond tiaras in those
days. Nordica was working like a busy
bee to gain experience and make a name
and she had neither time nor money for
diamonds. She sang Marguerite in 'cos
tume on the platform, and a very shabby
costume it was, so shabby that an accom
plished musician who was in the party
remarked afterward: "Some of those
singers cut a much better figure, but,
mark me, that woman in the old purple
gown will make a bigger name than any
of them."
Nordica has come into her money since
then, and has bartered it away for a Hun
garian husband, and they do say if she
haa her time over again she would be tbe
Maine w*dow still, for life has not been all
diamond tiaras with her since she married
Zoultan Doame. She burst into tears at
the altar, which superstitious people said
was a bad omen, and she has had disap
pointment on disappointment since, but
Nordica would be more than a woman,
more than human, if she bad not found
some balm in Gilead in tbe recent fiasco
of her rival Melba in the very role she
herself coveted so much that she shook
the dust of the Metropolitan Opera-house
off her feet because she could not have
the exclusive right to it— the role of
Brunbilde. Nordica is in a position to
say now to the Metropolitan management,
"I told you so." Marie Evelyn.
Baldwin Theater.
On Tuesday evening the much-talked-of
Nordica concerts will open at the Baldwin
Theater. The programme for the first
concert is as follows:
Overture, "Euryaatbe" Weber
Orchestra.
Serenade, "Faust".. Gounod
J. C. Dempsey.
Aria, "Nobil Signer" ("Huguenots"). ..Meyerbetr
M me. Scalcbi.
Frels Died. '-Die M in*_er" Wagner
Baron herihald.
Hungarian aria, •'Frszebeth" Erkel
Mm?. Nordica
Introduction, third act of " . ohengrln" Wagner
Orchestra
Third act of "Faust" (in Italian) Gounod
Marguerite Mmc Nordica
Martha} '-".: •"•• Mmc - Sc ** lcl >*
Jaust : Baron Kerthatd
M< phiato J. C Dempsey
Isidore Lucfcstone, the pianist and ac
companist, wil! also conduct theorchestra.
The piece de resistance of Wednesday's
concert will be the last act of ."IlTrova
tore," and at the Saturday matinee the
last act of "Siegfried" will be the leading
attrection.
Modjeska.supported by Joseph Haworth
and an-j interesting company, will be the
next dramatic attraction at the Baldwin.
The Modjeska season opens on the 25th
inst.
Columbia Theater.
Charles H. Yale's spectacular produc
tion, "The Devil's Auction," opens to
morrow night in what is said to be an en
tirely new dress. Many opportunities
occur in this performance for the intro
duction of ballets and specialties, and
some interesting novelties are promised.
One feature is the "Ballet of the Boule
vard," in which an Oriental scene changes
to a realistic representation of Broadway.
Th°n follow a pantomime scene represent
ing the comic side of police life, the Midget
quadrille dancers and the Trolley Car pan
tomime.
_ A novel singing specialty is the new
song by Charles H. Yale, entitled "On the
Rialto," which depicts in words and music
the characters one encounters during the
summer months in New York's noted
thoroughfare, Eroadway. As the song is
sung the various personages appear upon
the scene.
Alcazar Theater.
To-morrow evening a scenic production
of Harry Mawson's well-known war play,
"A Fair Rebel," will be given, in which
the entire Alcazar company will appear,
together with 100 members of Company L,
First Regiment, National Guard, a corps
of military telegraph linemen and a full
drum corps. The scenic and mechanical
effects will be elaborate, and will show a
revolving scene, changing from the inte
rior to the exterior of the lamous Ltbby i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
Prison in one act, and the laying of the
field telegraph lines and the actual send
ing and receiving of messages.
The first three nights of the week will be
given as benefit nights to the members of
the National Guard who will appear in
the play, and on each evening they will
mount a full guard of honor in the foyer
of the theater, which will be decorated with
flags and flowers. Wednesday night has
been set aside as "officers' night,'' and in
vitations have been sent to Governor Budd
and his staff and the officers s ationed at
the military posts of San Francisco to be
present at the theater that evening.
TiVoli Opera-Hovisz.
The second edition of "Jack and the
Beanstalk," which contains many new
■
I and attractive specialties, will run all this
week at the Tivoli and until further notice.
After the run of this burlesque Wallace's
ballad opera "Maritana" will he sung in
its entirety for a few nights in order to
make preparations for the new burlesque,
"Aladdtn or the Wonderful Lamp." for
which a number of striking specialties are
being arranged. Among them are the
Cleopatra ballet, the dance of the slaves,
the dance of the household-workers and
an Oriental-statue march.
Henella and Remonde, the clever
dancers, have been re-encaged for "Alad
din or the Wonderful Limp."
Qrand Opera-j.ouse.
A melodrama with startling scenic ef
fects is promised for to-morrow evening.
The play is "Against the Stream." It is
| new to San Francisco, and, in fact, has
never been produced on the Pacific Coast.
Mortimer Snow as the bank clerk plays a
triple role. Victory Bateman is to be the
sweetheart in this her last week at the
Grand. The rich young man is to be es
sayed by John J. Pierson. Fred J. Butler
is in the cast, as is Rosamonde O'Connell,
the bright and pretty daughter of genial
Dan O'Connell. _ ■
At the Orpheum.
A number of changes are announced in
the bill at the Orpheum for this week.
The Frantz family, who are credited with
being among the greatest of all European
acrobats, have arrived from Australia,
where they made a great success. They
appear in evening dress and so clothed
perform the most difficult acrobatic feats.
Binns and Binns, who style themselves
"The Two Noblemen," will appear in
musical specialties, while Wilson and
Waring, the tramp and the dancinsr girl,
may also be depended upon to furnish
amusement. Kiralfy's ballet comes on in
new costumes. They will introduce a
sailor dance. Lieutenant Nobel, with his
lifelike figures, and the Royal Hungarian
Court Orchestra remain. * . . •
People's, Palace.
Mahara's Minstrels, thirty- five genuine
darkies, will continue to provide amuse
ment at the People's Palace. In the olio
George L. Moxley is one of the bright
particular stars and Tim Anderson with
his little banjo ..comes in for a share of
applause. Biuy Youne sings, while the
comedy work of Dan Avery i_fa feature of
the performance.
Qleasor., .the Horse- Jrairver. \
The Mechanics' Pavilion was crowded
again last evening when Professor Gleason
gave "Lawsuit" his third lesson. The
horse shows signs of improvement, al
though Gleason characterizes him and
"Tiger Jim as "the meanest horses on
earth."
To-night he promise, to drive "Lawsuit"
and "Tiger Jim" side by side. A number
of other vicious and wild animals will
also be bandied:
It has been decided to give the afternoon
performance to-morrow at, the Pavilion
instead of _ the Velodrome. Gleason will
give his last exhibition Sunday night.
/.t the Chutes.
The Chutes off _r a wonderful attraction
this afternoon and evening in Professor
Bristol's troupe of performing horses,
donkeys and ponies. There are: thirty of
the animals and the amount of intelli
gence that they exercise is something sel
dom seen. ; A large open-air stage has been
built just outside of the skating-rink and
there will be ample accommodations for
thousands of spectators.
During January tbe Chute* are only
running on Saturday and Sunday, but the
skating-rink is open every afternoon and
evening, rain or shine. ". ■ 
Offenbach's at j-.orr.es.
; Florence St. John, the singer, who
made "Madame Favart" popular in Lou-*
[ don, is writing her memoirs. This is
what she has to say of Offenbach:
"During the run of 'Madame Favart'
Offenbach came over to see me and was
profuse in his compliments. Offenbach
was a 'ceilo player in the Covent Garden
orchestra in the forties; it was his partic
ular wont to give Sunday evening 'at
homes' and. invite members of the orches
tra to bis tiospitality. At each 'at home'
he would play over some of the operas
which later on witched the world. When
over here he told me that he overheard a
remark made one night by one of his con
freres wno had accepted his invitation:
'We don't mind going and eating this fel
low's dinner and drinking his whisky,
but we wish to heaven he would not play
us over those rotten operas of his.'"
BORN IJ-.PJ.OVISERS.
P. K. jMatus Tells J. oW j-lur\gariar.
Musicians J'.avj Without
KnoWing a J.ote.
. There is a good deal of interest attaching
to Hungarian musicians just now on ac
count of the influence they seem to have
b<en exercising over heiresses. All the
Eastern papers have been ringing with the
scandal of the American princess who has
deserted her husband and her home for
the sake of a Hungarian gypsy violinist,
and one of the richest heiresses in Paris
recently fell so completely underthe spell
of a Hungarian fiddler's impassioned
strains that she would have lavished her
entire fortune upon him if a guardian had
not been appointed to restrain her extrav
agance. Unused to luxury the fiddler
took to the wildest dissipation, which
finally killed him, and he was buried re
cently in Paris with as gorgeous a funeral
as if he had been a prince.
No doubt one cause of the fascination
that Hungarian music exercises over sus
ceptible natures is its utter spontaneity.
Speaking of Hungarian players, P. K.
MatU3, conductor of the Royal Hungarian
Orchestra at the Orp cum, said yesterday :
"Our musicians play by nature. If you
were to teach those" n. eh," and he waved
his hand toward his band, who are most
of them typical Hungarian types, "il you
were to teacn them, music by rote they
would lose the power of playing at all.
"How is it that our- national music
springs entirely from our hearts? Oh, it is
very simple. For over a tnoushnd. years
the Hungarians have been persecuted, o[>
pressed, down-lrodden by the Turks and
the Slavs. They have had to live with
the sword in the hand, and have shed so
many tears that it as passed into a prov
erb, 'A Hungarian lakes his pleasure in
weeping.' Our people have sung to ex
press their grief, and most, of their son_;s
have been in a plaintive, . minor Key.
These melodies have been generally the
expression of somo simple sentiment*. A
girl, as she comes from harvesting in the
fields, carrying her bundle of .corn, will
think perhaps of her absent lover, and as
she wa.ks along she will put her regret into
a plaintive song. When she nets to the vil
lage the ot er girls will hear her and they
will sing it with her, and put in beautiful
harmonies that if I attempted to write
them down . most trained . vocalists
would find too difficult to sing. All these
harmonies are correct, though the girls
have never learned a note of music; they
are born musicians, and if you taught our
peasants from books you would spoil the
gift that nature has bestowed upon
them."
In speaking of compositions inspired
by the occasion, Mr. Matus remarked with
perfect simplicity: "When I was a youth
I had to go away to serve in the Hussars.
My sweetheart feared she would never see
me again, and she shot herself in the
churchyard. As soon as the. news was
Drought to me, I: poured out my grief in
composing a czarda to her .memory —that
one of our national compositions that
begins in a sad, plaintive movement, and
then changes to a theme full of move
ment and animation."
j While discussing the different forms of
national Hungarian composition, the con
ductor remarked: "Most of the music
springs from the impulse of the moment,
and that is why a book knowledge of har
mony would- spoil its inspiration. Not
every Hungarian is born a musician, but
those who are have the gift of improvisa
tion. These players of mine were not
trained; they ara born improvisa
tor!, and you see that they never use a
note of music in their performances. If I
taught them the rules of harmony, they'
could not harmonize as they do now, they
would * become machine-made players.
Yes, I have studied myself, but as a child
I improvised for years before they would
let me take lessons. I come of a family of
warriors, and my family did not want me
to become a musician."
Mr. Matus is a clarionet soloist as
well as a conductor, and has played with a
number of celebrated conductors, such as
Gilmore and Thomas, but he likes con
ducting his national music best. His
band was a popular fad in London ten
years ago, and he performed several times
at Windsor Castle "by royal command."
paris protests.
The Theatre del'CEuvre at Paris ha 3
actually succeeded in shocking the Paris
ians with its last "new" production. At the
fall of the curtain on "Übi Roi" the audi
ence was hissing and leveling insults on
the piece. One of the critics, in describ
ing the scene, says: "Ibsen was baa
enough, but he was harmless and inco
herent. Now, Yorry has come along with
this piece which is sickening and vulgar.
There is hot a line oi wit in it. Not a
dramatic scene. The language was that
of a drunken militiaman, and the epithets
that were exchanged would damn a man's
reputation even in the company of men
of the world. Even that dank and emaci
ated crowd of women who are wont lo
pass as members of the esthetic cult, and
the curly headed and Byronic collared
youths who represent future thought,
could not get up courage enough to fight
the honest indignation of the mass of the
audience. The honest playgoers snouted:
'Vive Scribe!' 'Vive Moliere!' And
Ibsen's contingent let them have their
say."
The piece must indeed have been bad to
arouse s uch a demonstration in easy-going
Paris. '"■'_.•'■''.'■ ' '- .
Dramatic Brevities. \ *
L. R. Stockwell has joined the Bacon stock
company.
The Gay Parisians company will go to Aus
tralia in March.
. John T. Sullivan, the husband of Rose Cogh-
f lan, has reached New York from San Fran
cisco.
Marie Halton will shortly make her vaude
ville debut at Koster & Bial's.
Mrs. Henry E. 'Abbey has been secured as
leading lady for John Sleeper Clarke.
Blanche Walsh will play the leading part in
"Straight From the Heart" at the Academy.
There are twenty-two speaking parts in
"Sweet Inniscarra," Chauncey Olcott's new
play. £
E. J. Henley is to play Romeo to Margaret
Mather's Juliet during the engagement at
Wailack's Theater. _____ £"*...■'
Olga Nethersole wiil most likely play the
leading part in "The Lady of Quality" at the
Knickerbocker Theater.
A receiver for the Art . Rehan silver statue i
(a World's Fair curiosity) was recently ap
pointed in Topeka, Kans.'
Preparations are being made at the Tivoli
for a summer season of grand opera. A Wagner
series is in contemplation.
Herbert Kelcey and Effie Shannon intend to
become joint stars next season., Mr. Kelcey is
after a new play by Clyde Fitch.
Charles Cushman, only brother of the late
Charlotte Cushman, the great American ac
tress, died in London recently, aged 78.
Modjeska will open her season with a pro
i duction of Sudermann's play ."Magda." Jo
seph Haworth will play the role of the Major.
Among the actors who grace Broadway in
the army of the. unemployed are Frederick
ton, Rose Coghlan and Lawrence Hanley,
all ex-stars.
. Nellie McHenry went around the hotel cafes
nnd clubs in Cleveland on New Year's eve and
sang several songs for a charitable association.
She collected over $100.
E. H. Sothern has an unfinished dramatiza
tion of "Henry Esmond," Thackeray's brood
in a hundred. chapters, and he regards it a
great play for next year.
Upward of 400 manuscript plays written or
owned by the citizens of the United States
are played nightly. They give employment to
from 5000 to 6000 actors.
""The Bootblack" is 'he name of a new Eng
lish five-act drama. The notion opens up a
new Idea of play-naming. For example, "The
Baked Potato Man," "The Tatnale Boy."
Bishop Potter is likely to start an argument
with many people besides Dr. Max Nordau by
his assertion that no one can be a great musi
cian whose life and ideals of life are not high.
William A. Brady professes to have found a
successor to Professor Herrmann in an amateur
wizard of Salt Lake, His name is Eliason, and
he will accompany La Loie Fuller to Aus
tralia_"_S@£^^t^sa_Sl__iS£MS^m^S9_SS
Martha Morton has -been severely scored by
a Chicago newspaper for I appropriating with
out acknowledgment the plot of The Duchess*
novel, "A Little Rebel," for her play, "A
Bachelor's Romance."
_ In "A Fair Rebel" at the Alcazar Theater this
week there will be a field telegraph line in ope
ration, and negotiations are being made with
the Postal Telearaph: Company to make con
nections one evening during the week with
ih-ir main lines and have the messages sent
from New York City to tha Alcnzar stage.
Borne Idea of the enormous number of plays
writ en by ambitious American dramatists
can be = estimated from . the i fact that from
thirty to forty new . manuscripts' are received
each week at Rosenfleld's typewriting offices.
There :is - no : geographical - monopoly in _ this
aspiring dramatic spirit, lor the plays are re
ceived trom all sections of the country. It isa
curious fact in this connection that a very
large proportion of these efforts come from
small towns, places which are, as a rule, found
ouly o: county maps and in the datebooks of
barn-storming managers.
Recently as Thomas W. Keene was leaving
the stage entrance of the opera-house in
Columbus, Ohio, he was met by four youne;
ladies, one of whom stopped him with the ex
clamation, "Oh, excuse me, is this Mr.
Keene?" "Yes, mis-," said Mr. keene. "Will
you please give me your necktie for a crazy
MfffffffiPffiSH NEW TO-DAY— AM CS EMENTS.
GUSTAV V WALTER. Director General.
N £W YORK OFFICE. -.-.villon Building, 13-15 West 28th St
* _/J.arrell St., bet. Stockton and Powell. •
SAN "FRANCISCO'S GREAT MUSIC HALL.
©©___. Co3u.__noxzci.ag IVX__s__3-.__L_s.-3r_ _r_s,23._ 3.0
STRONGEST BILL EVER OFFERED AT THIS POPULAR HOUSE
1 1— NEW CELEBRITIES FROM ABROAD AND THE EAST — 1 1
The Greatest Novelty Europe Hat Ever Produced.
■7— E Prantz Pamily-7
The Most Wonderful, Startling and Seusattonal Acrobats on the Face of the Earth — Ladles aud
.Four Gentlemen in Full Evening Costume.
New York's Favorite Comedy Duo,
JOHN WILSON AND BERTHA WARING,
The Famous Tramp and the Dancing Girl of ••Little Christopher" and more recently of "Jack and
the Beanstala:."
?__.<_..._ BINNS _a__n"_d _BI_ST*__STS
The Two Noblemen The Best Comedy Musical Specialty on Eartb.
===Llt_Ul_ DC ___.=== ABAOIiI A & 3N_l_A._3_A.Nr_.
The Ventriloqnial wonder. j Acrobat Marvels.
THE ROYAL HUNGARIAN COURT ORCHESTRA
Composed of soloists under the direction of 'he world-famed clarionet virtuoso aod conductor,
P. K. Matus.
ENTIRE CHANGE OF THE GRAND DOUBLE BALLET,
NILSSON'S AERIAL & KIRALFY'S GRAND OPERA BALLETS
Go.d and silver—The White Squadron— Cuban Dauehters— Countrv .Maidens— Dance of the Witches—
; Ail New Electrical Effects— New Costumes.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUN-DAY), JAN. 17.
Last appearance of the TWO BOSTONS, HALLEN & FULLER, CHARLES WAYNE and ANNA
CALDWELL.
_ Parqnet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any scar. 10c: Children 10c. any nart.
f?J^V. Iff IS__s_M_____ fAL fIArrMN TO-NIGHT (STJND A"-T.,
..■ HW_JHSBfI.^! B "THE OLD HOMESTEAD!"
Mmjsi lll■ I A Rl Under the direction of Al. Hayman. Klaw
IVI KYI ___.. L. ILrI. I A *"<! Erlanger, and assisted by
ml ■ itrsb. Mfcß&fct a __2B__. M -M3IE- SUFI I SCALCHI, BAK ROY B.RTIIAID,
WW m\\m fcH? 11 ImZ _€___ J- c - BEJIPSEY, ISIDORE LICKSTO. c
I m \0 I^.Sa_T B \# ff^L AMI fiRA.VD ORCHESTRA.
„ MISCKLLANEOHS AND OPKitATIC CONCERTS— Tuesday, Jan. 19, third ac
••Faust ; Thursday, Jan. 21. fourth act '-It Trovntore"; Saturday Matinee, last act "SiegfrieJ."
SEATS NOW SELLING. PRICES $1.00 TO $3.00.
_£___**■* AIV IVnTTVPF-l'V l_r r r MONDAY. January 23, for two weeSs only, Messrs.
"^ -" LJ -' ■'■'vUii VjXULVl±j± .X . ai. Hayman & Co. have tne honor to announce
As.'sted by the Sterling Actor, MR. JOSEPH HAWORTH. and a thoroughly complete and
efficient oraatilzatiou, in a series of carefully prep red presentations. Fir3t week— *_re nights .'.nd
Sat. Mat. "MAGUA," Saturday night "Mary Stuart," .Monday. Feb. 1, "Macbeth." Scats r**ady Thurs.
—TRI_DLAND_R,GofTL6_> _.(_.• LtWES &MANAOER6-
- — —*_ F ,C_>_E_. "X'"\7-7"C> "_-^7"'___*s -3_KT3j-2-:
BEGINNING ■ ■ ■ •-. MONDAY 'VKNING. JANUARY 8.
SMMMMMMMMMSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSMmsSmmmSSSSMM ___________■ HiH— ■ ■ -P_— ■ _____________________n
CHAS. H. YALE'S -53313
jp 40 IH 33 "_7" _B -Fl THE EU HOPE AN specialties.
BS An ft ¥T/.mirA T_T THE GRAND TRANSFORMATION.
YN IHIS'A S l / I 6 llli I THE hobok8, •«»»«. TROLLEY.
IffriW ■1J k\ il I H/ fl 111 I ' THK IRIALS OF THK TROLLEY.
1/_L_I iflJ l'J XI VJL IV II • THE GRAND BALLETS.
All Ar/711fV i ' VV Li" AITW uf Respondent Magnificence— Tlie Aeni* of
UA/JIJXJXXV VI »f I.AIJIU Spectacle— he Perfection of Elaborate Display.
— — li ING THE CHILD EN TO TH ■*. S .TU :DA MAT I NFEs.
VLlf ADnCpfj'C THIS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT,
LAST PERFORMANCES OF
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE land of the midnight sun.
WALTER MOROSCO... Lessee and Manager. A Wonderful Play, Splendidly Staged-
COMMENCING MONDAY EVENING, JANUARY 18
First Presentation on the Pacific Coast of the Emotional Melodrama,
AGAINST THE STREAM.
An Intensely Interesting Story of Love and Hatred, Tragedy aud Comedy.
MARVELOUS FIRE SCENE! EXCRUCIATING FUNNY SPECIALTIES!
THRILLING AND EX ITING SITUATIONS OF LIVING INTEREST.
Evening Prices:. 10 Cent-», 25 Cents and 60 Cents MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
■^ ———______— m .
nLUH_if_li I To-Day _. pf
- nine at 8.
To-Morrow Evening, January 18,
Grand Scenic Production of
A FAIR -REBEL."
The best War play ever written.
Tears and Laughter. Comedy and Pathos
See the Escape from Llbby Prison—
A Ponderous Revolving Scene.
The Laying of he Field Telegraph Lines— : -,
Messages Actually Sent aud Received.
GEORGE OSBOURNK. HUGO TOLAND
and all the favorites in the cast.
100 members of Co. L, First Regiment, N. G. C,
- wil appear In the Play.
GRAND BENEFIT TO CO. L JAN. 18 19.20.
Onr Regular Prices. Phone for seats— Black 991.
______i6^@__^i
f RItDLfIW_R.GOTTI_O.I-. c*-_ts_t_ ■__»_-»*««...
THIS (SUNDAY) EVENING,
Good-b^ Performance.
JOSEPH 3VrTJJE_._E : »*EC'g'
" X__. *_-_ DEFI _Et <_> I "
To-morrow Night— "Tne Devil's Auction."
THE CHUTES.
THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING,
BRISTOL'S HORSE CIRCUS
Wonderful Performing Animals— 3o
. ON A MAMMOTH OPEN-AIR STAGE.
BROWN, the one-legged cycll.t; KORTO, walk-
ing down the Chutes on a globe: tha Ani-
matoscope and a host of attractions.
Admission 10 Cents. Children, 5 Cents. ■ ;
PEOPLE'S PALACE.
COMMENCING MONDAY. ' JAN. H.
Saturday and Sunday Matiuees.
Big Ovation! Great success!
darkest AMERICA, .
SAHARA'S mm\) MiOTftEL.!
35-— COLORED ARTISTS !— -33
—Headed by the Only . . -
- bixiljY young:
Parade at Noon Dally-— — 1 lOc, _Oc, 3»c. I
SUTRO BATHS.
• Open Daily-F'roin .7 A. .; to 6 P. M. ."
Bathing, Including; Admission— Adults
- 25c. Children g_.e.
General Admiss on, : lOc ;; Children. sc.
ToG-OF-AVAR TO-DAY <_.U__J_.AY). \
quilt? We are .collecting all the articles we
can from -actors for that purpose." If the
tragedian had been attacked by footpads and
tola t hold up his hands and surrender his
watch, diamonds and money, he could not
have teen more surprised. Mr. Keene began
to ieel around his neck, but could not find a
necktie there. Somewhat embarrassed, he re- I
plied, "I am sorry, mis«. but I left my necktie,-!
at the hotel; I will send you 0.-.c by the first i
mail." Tnen the girls snickered, thanked
him kindly and disappeared.
TiVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MB3.KKXKSTINE Kket.ini. Proprietor »a -il»u,»__-
ALL OVER TOWN -NEWS OF THE
BIT OF
THE SECOND EDITION
Of Our Triumphant Ho'.iday Spectacle,
JACK AND THE BEANSTALK.
SONGS.
\T]?lir DANCES.
1. XU VI B V LLETS.
SPECIALTIES
mi» 1* T) Annie Suits' French < ___nsonett_
-l_--.lt "BON JOUR. MONSIEUR!" 1
C"L"'"L* 1 Ferris Hartman's Burleique. A
lli 111 "THE A Rf.AL BALLEr." #-
"WHAT WILLTHEYSPRI.NGON US NEXTV»
BRING THE CHILDREN.
SECURE YOUR SEATS IN ADVANCE.
VERY EVEN ING .
POPUIs- Prions 25c ..n -1 _*0_
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:30 AND
; TO-NIGHT AT 8:15,
Last appearance in Saa Francisco of
PROFESSOR O.R. GLEASON,
KING OF HORSE-TAAIERS.
TIIE BIGGEST KILLS YET Ci YEN!
Kicking Horses! Biting Horses!
Balky Horses! Shyi_ X Horses ! .
Stubborn Horses and Vicious Horses
Bon MISS TUE^OPPOR i 11HITY !
Music by Goldeu Gate Military Band.
ADMISSION ,5 CENTS.
p. CING! RACING! RACING!
— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
WINTER MEETING, 1596-97.
Beginning Monday, Jan. 11, to Jan. 23. inclusive.
OAKLAND R A _*£ IRXCK. .
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday unci Saturday.
', italn or .-nine. "
. FIVE OB MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start ac '2:15 I*. M. sharp —
■•Ferry Boats 1-ave .an 1 rauclsco at 12 it- anl
12:30, 1 .00, 1:30, 2:' JO. 2:30 and 3p. m . conin.vt-1
ing with, trains stopping »-. tlie entrance to traclcJ
Buy your ferr/ tlckris lo shell Mound. \r
Returning— Tr<iim leave tne I i BC .< at 4:15 .il
4:15 r m. and Immediately utter the last race
THOU ASH. WILLIAMS JK, Pre_je__
R. B. MILROY. secretary.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLES H. PHILLIP* \T 1 K^_
Law and Notary 1 ..blic. ess'Mar.-etV' odi _
•Ite Palace Hote!. Telephone 570. Keaidano* !_-_■
Fail •t.tei, T«le__io__a « pia, « aftglTTHE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. 1
i I.e^-al holiday yesterday.
1 No Grain quotations.
*■ Bank Clearings gain .$1,530,000.
f Shipment of 4362.44 ■ loCntna.
Potatoes firm Onions steady.
Vegeta les quiet. .
Dairy Butter demora:i_eJ. Cheese weak.
-g_s continue 10 weaken,
Poultry nominal.
Game season over.
Eastern Applesadnig Pears lower.
Oraug< r ..■'•'. 1 1 monsdull.
- -
Provisions un< hangfd.
lea: urn ket as *■ fore,
tased receipts ot Wine and Brandy.
iii! reused exports of Barley.
PRODUCE MARKET.
be Produce Exchange was not in session yes
day, as it was a legal holiday, and quotations
for grain, mlllstuffs, etc.; are accordingly omitted.
RANK CLEARINGS.
local bank clearings last week were 815,384,537,
rgalnst $13,863. &9S ior the same week in ISSij.
This shows a material gain for this year, and is a
good indication.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Coptic took out a treasure list of $362,449.
consisting ot $186,049 111 Mexican Dollars, 8600
in Gold coin, 8172,600 in Silver Bullion, and
83200 111 Silver holes.
RECEIPTS OF WINE AM) BRANDT.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port in
1896 were as follows, ■ompareJ with 1595: Wine,
13,83_,7_10 gallons, againsl 14,577,260; Brandy,
201,300 gallons, against 283,145.
EXPORT -. OE BARLEY.
Exports of Bailey from this port in 1896 were
3.872,995 ctls valued at 5 ,408,683, :i*,-:iiiist 1,013,
--910 ctls. at $1,361,721 in 1895— quite a difference.
The Barley trade was brisk las. year, especially
during the last half.
1 THE WEEKS FAILURE-..
/ 1 l.c Brarts'reot Mercantile Agency reports 31
'r.lunsfor th" Paciiic Coast States and Territories
I '1 r Ihe week ending yesterday as compared with 25
i< r tbe previous week and 18 for tbe corresponding
-ffKOt lEP6. The failures are divided among the
trades as follows: 2ho els, 2 restaurants, 1 hard
. ware. 1 plumoer. 2 millinery, 2 confectionery, 3
drugs, 1 soda works, 4 dry goods 1 ) lasterer, 1
bakery. 1 liquors, 1 milkdeaier, 1 fruits and con
fectionery, 1 men's 'furni<hitigs. 1 orchardist and
fruit-drier. 3 grocers, 1 butcher, 2 general stores.
NEW" YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 16.— Business was
more active at the stoc**: Exchange to-Uay than
for a long time past. The sales for the two hours
of trading reached the large total or 203,752
shares. The activity was accompanied by a de
cidedly higher ran?*.- of prices, ami taken alto
gether, a more cheerful tone prevailed in financial
and stock circle}. The revival of speculative in
terest was due principally to the magnificent
snowing made by the Bureau of Statistics of the
condition of the country's international trade for
the past year. For the period named the excess Of
exports over Imports aggregated 8325.322,184,
the largest total in twenty years. The steady In
crease la th.- amount, o: net gold held by the
'lieHS.:r>- Department, the total standing at over
$140.00*0.000 at the commencement of business
to-day. ogether with great ease in mo.ieyln
the 10.-a: market, were also fovoraole factors. A
• lurther gain la the Dank reserve stimulated buy
ing in the elos ng trading, lhe increase in r serve
amounted to 83, 181.0 5, and the banks now iioid
B*-i2,099 :2t> In ex ess legal requirement!. Tiie
increase ia specie Was $92-1, 300, <>nd lv legal ten
der Bj. 589,800.
(T..e improve lv stock prices was equal to
1 1«^.> per Cf-nt, the latter in Illinois *->ieel. which
rose from 3," to 40. Tne usually prominent issues
advanced W&- percent, sugar led the list iv
poin.o. Ac 1 ..ty, H.4JO share, changing minds at
•1-14 ,4.®' ': 71 4 Speculation cosed s.ro.ig. wjth
price*, a lhe Highest point, of the day ana wees.
Net changes show gains of \x@^ per cent oa .110
day.
Bonds wer- active and strong. The sales footed
uji i 1.635.000. aic itson a jusimeut lours rose 1:
Chesapeake a.id Ohio second :rs, 1 : Detroit Gas
consolidated, five,. 1; Eqnitab.e Gas and Fuel of
Chicago, sixes, 1; Ann Arbor fours. 1: General Elec
tr.c fives, 2: Ran thai and St. Joseph consolidated,
sixe*, 2; Milwaukee, Lake -bore Western Ex
tension and Improve vent, sinking tunds, lives,
11/2. Toledo, St Louis and Kansas City first Sixes,
certificates lVfc; Union Pacific sinking ruud,
eiihts. Vi: S\\ consiu Central, fives, certificates,
1 Vi
la Government bonds registered fours of 1925
sold at 120 Vi-
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII, unchanged. Southern flour quiet,
steady. unchanged. Rye flour, quiet and steady,
at $2 85® . 35.
COP.N MEAL— DuII, steady. Yellow Western,
81 90®-...
HI E— Quiet and unchanged. Western car
lots. 43®4.c: c i. f. Buffalo at 47; f. 0. b. at 48y 2 c.
BARLEY —Firm.
WHEAT— Spot market dull, firmer with
options No. •_. red, 1. v. b., 98c; ungraded red,
78<a._.Sc: No. 1 Nor-. .ern, 9ic.
Options dull and steady at I .*.'n. ,4 c advance.
May most active. No. 2 red January,' Bfe:i.±c;
March. 90 ,ie: jI ay, 97c: July. 83*V 2 c.
. ("OR >— Dull, steady. No 2, 29c devator; 30c
afloat
options dull and steady at unchanged crices.
May only traled In. January, 29Vs c * May, 3L'^BC
OATs — Spots quiet, • .;■! -*.
Optons dull, nrm. -ianuary, 22 Vic; February,
2*-3/ 8 c; -May. x'2y s c
spot prices: No. 2. 22_*c: Na 2 white,
24V_c: No. 2 Chicago, 23V*c; No. 3, 20%*": No.
3 wmte, 22c: white mixed Western, 20_fc-3i^--;
' white do, _0(3*30_.
Provisions.
LARD- Quiet; steady. Western steam, $4 25:
city, §* 85: January, ?4 25: refined, steady:
Continent, 84 60; s. a., $4 60; compound, 41*4®
• 4V3C
FORK— Moderate demand ; steady. New mess,
88 50®9.
i l_ii Kb— Fairly firm. Western creamery. 13
®20c: do fnctory. 7(_il4c: Elgins, 20c; imitation
creamery, ll®l6c.
cbj-1-.sf. _ Firm. Part skims, 4@By.c; full
skims. 2V-_rs»3r.
EGGS— Weak. Icehouse. 13 Vic: Western fresh.
15c; do case, Si 75f§,3: limed. IJJc
ALLOW— Steady. City, 31 2 c; country, 3S/ 8 @
i%c.
"COTTONSEED OlL— Steady. Crude, 20Vj.c;
yellow prime. 23V_c.
RlCK— Firm; uncnanged.
MOLASSht- — steady. New Orleans. 2@3i
COFFEE— steady; unchanged to 5 points up.
March. $9 45@9 50: May, $9 55: September, $9 66
®8 70; December, .9 70. (Spot Rio dull, nominal
No. 7, 10c
SUGAR — Quiet: No. 1 to No. 2. 1-16 up:
No. 9 to No. 13, 3-1 lower; N0.' 14. Lie- down:
No 6. 8 l-i6c: No. 7. 33/4 C: No. 8, 3ll'-i6c: No.
9, 8 11-lfcc; No. 10, 3S/ 8 c; No. 11. 3 9-16 c: No 12.
3 *-_>(•; no. 13,37-16. on A, 4 -a 4 1 mold A. 4tygc:
standard a, 43/ r: confectioners A, 4V4C:
cut loaf. sc: crushed. sc; puWdered, 4i. d c; grauo
lated, 4S.sc; cubes, 45 /B e.
Fruit and Produce.
A rB IC CTS— Bags. 9® lie.
It All 1 >- Peeled, boxes, 12Vi®15c: do un»
peele-i, bags. 7® 9.-.
. PRUNES — l.ur sizes, nominal. fivg-..
— Two-crown, loos* mv <:ate:. 4i/!,c #.
J tt.; 3-crowu, b\'nc: 4-crown. 6i/2 c l London layers,
(I! : 3-crowu, s', Sl 65@2. 't l.onuou layers,
. sc; clus-ers, $1 65(52.
1 a I. MON hs— soft shells, Sc; do paper shell, lie.
1 WALNUTS— 7c: 50ft shell. 9c.
• \ HOPS— Firm. Pacific Coast, 3i/ @l3c.
-VOOL— Domestic fleece, lU&23C; pulled,
18@31c; Texas, 7@l2c_
Merchandise.
riGIRO-*— Dull. American, flir^ie
COPPER- Firm. Lake. $11 70@l 1 80.
LEAD- a Domes' Sta ■ 05.
-. IN— Firmer. straits, SIS 15@13 25; plates,
quiet.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 1i.i... Jan. 16.-A slow business, but
a firmer tone existed in the wheat market this
- morning. Liverpool cables quoted a gain of V4d,
' -which fact was contrary to expectations, we hav
ing decline of i/ 2 cent yesterday. The sentiment
was bearish at the opening, but the belief that the
market has-been oversold w ought a change in
the fee Ing. "Shorts" covered with moderate en
ergy 10-day. At the 'rail" price the advance net
with resistance ard trade was too light to over
come the selling at first. The exports from both
Coasts forthe week were liberal at 2 M4,UGO bush
els, but ye: not quite as heavy as for the previous
one. Receipts at Chicago were 40 cars and 137,
--743 hu.liel < were liken from store. Tie • orth
west had 294 cars, aganst 174 last Sat Ui day unl
409 a; ear ago Prie s gradually worked through
the call* and for a time ra ged above them, but
' pioti -taking came.
. xport clearances at 'he Atlantic spar-oird were
438,658 bushels. ' losing continental cab es were
mostly lower. May wheat opened from 80V4'ca
81 Vi. advanced to »1 .4, closing at 81%. % higher
tha 1 yesterday. Estimated receipts iyr .-londav
42 cars. No. 2 red spot wheat ranged from 87y
. to 89 doing about BV.'U'_»^ h; 'i
CORN— strength 01 wneat imparted some
firmness to cor but tr.ide ..howed no improve
FINANCIAL.
4 CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
V AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WtthhLUCK & CU.,
4 _.el_e__orff St., Tel. Main 1954.
SMI KA I. OFFICB
623 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5144.
Uptown Office— un.j win Hotel (adjoining Grill
Hoom). Tel. Main 339.
I'IKOY & ATKINSON Managers.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
. tatlons. Heierencelst National Hank, ... F.
CHICAGO. FHIVAIK WIKK, ftiJfiW YOBK,
ment. Business was lifeless and little or no con
cerninthe acton of the market was evinced
Eastboond freight rates on corn were reduced
from 20 to 15 cents last -light, that having a ten
dency to steady prices for this grain. Receipts
were 261 cars and 26,402 bushels were, taken
from store. Liverpool cables were unchanged.
X xport from both coasts for the week were heavy
at 3,757.000 busuels. Export clearances for 24
1 oirs were 207,690 bushels. May corn opened at
24V8@'-4 .+ sold at 24%@24%. closing at 24%,
Vs h.gher than yesterday. Estimated receipts ior
..londay 340 cars- —
OATs— Participated in the improvement else
where prevailing. Modera eiy grtod trading at in
tervals took place. Receipts were 233 cars and
41.780 bushels were withdrawn from store. Ma.
oats closed V'B®V4 higher than yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow 2.0 cars. Flax was
tirm. Cash No. 1. 76 V 3 : Northwestern. 78; Janu
ary, 75: 'I ay, 78-**.©79. Recei ts were 1.6 cars.
'PROVISION* — Heavier arrival of nogs than
estimated, lower prices for them and the prospect
if an overwbe ming run on Monday deprived
product of every pretense of firmness at the open-_
ing. Trading was moderate and there was no
feature of interest. The improvement in wheat
extendi'.! aid to product later in the session and
prices rallied. At the close Alky pork was a shale
higher hail yesterday, January lard aud ribs un
changed.
The butter market was very quiet to-day. Offer
ings and the demand were ! 1 lit and unimportant.
creameries— Extras. 19c: firsts, 17@1^; sec
onds, 14®16c: imitations, fancy, 1.@14c. Dairies
extras. 17c: firsts. i4___l sc: seconds. 9t_i loc. La
dles-Extras, 10®llc* firsts. by2(_.9Vi_c: packing
_iock. Sc; grease. 2V2@3c;roti butter. Sic
EGO — Were weak. The mild weather brought
good receipts, while the demand was slow, Fresh
stock, 12c V dozen.
MONEY— Was quoted at 6@3_ on call and time
loans. New Yori exchange was sola at 35c
discount.
v losing Prices.
WHEAT— January. 7.3/ c; May. 80-";ic. July,
January, 22% c; May, 243/ic; July.
25t' 4 r.
OaTS— January and February, 19c: May, 193,ic;
July. 19% *
-January. $7 80: May, $8 05.
LARD- January, $3 95: May. $4 10.
I'.ILS-January,?4C7Vi_: May, $4 121,%
Livestock.
UNION* STOCKYARDS. Hi... Jan. 16.-The
receipts of cattle to-day wee light The demand
was slow and the feeling unsatisfactory. The run
of hogs was large. The demand «as poor and
price*, declined 6131 10 c. The she pand lamb mar
kets were steady, with a fair demand and moder
ate offerings. _. _*; _._,„,
CAT. LX— Receipts. 300. ran . beeves, $5 25
©5 50: choice to prime steers, $4 85@5 -.0; good to
choice steers, *4 4U*«4 SO; medium sieers. $4 00®
4 35- lair beef steers. $3.'m@3 95; good to prime
stockers ami 1. criers. »3 75®4 60: lair to good
stockers and feeders. $3 1003 70: bnl. a choice to
extra. $3 st'(a 3 75: do. poor to choice. $2 i b@B 0;
cows and heifers, choice to prime, ,^3 t>o,g:4 HI;
i cows, lair to choice, $2 50® 3 50: cows, common
1 to fair canners. $1 75_j>2 18; calves, gooc. to fancy.
i J5 50@6 00; calves, common to good. $3 50@4 45;
Texas led steer . $3 s.f__4 25: milkers and spring
ers, v 1 had, 525®40.
Receipts, 27,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, $3 15®3 20: common to choice
mixed, $3 30<_f*8 47V 2 ; choice as-orted. $3 40®
3 50; ugh;, $3 30®3 50: pigs, #3 10©3 15.
j S-HEi-.F— Receipts. 2500. Inferior to choice,
' $3 51(a3 90; lambs, $3 50@5 25.
Receipts at .'Omaha.
i forTH OMAHA. Ne'br.'. Jan. 16— HOGS— Re
ceipts, 48' JO. MarKet 6c lo«*>r. Light and mixed,
$3 -IO®:. 35: heavy. «3 10-13 25.
CATTLE— Receipts 110' Market stronger.
Steer. *?. 50JJ4 25: cows, $1 50@3 50; feeders,
i $0 25«_.4 10.
bLr.KP— Receipts, 1100. Market steady, active.
Muttons $3 60.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo. Jan. 16. — HOGS—Re
ceipts. 80U0. Slow and s®loc lower. Light. .$.. * 0
i 0,,. 371 medium, $3269336; heavy. $■> 15®
3 30.
I CATTLE— Receipts of cattle, 300. Nominal.
; Native steers, best. $4 15©4 95: fair to good. $3 15
@4 16; cows and heifers best, $.* 1 ®3 SO; fair to
1 good, B_®3 10: bulls $2 I5_J3 10: stOCicers
and feeders. $3 10(g,4: Texas and Western. $2 65(9,
I 3 9.V. Calves, Ss®. ..
fcHh-EP— 2500. Steady. L?im->s, $2 85
i @5; muttons, $2(a.3 70
NEW YORK STOCKS.
1 Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares..
Money on call 1 .i®2*.'. Prime mercantile paper,
' 3@3V" V. sterling exchange firm, with actual busi
ness "11 bankers' I ills at $4 843/<.®4 85 for tO
i days and Si 87Vs®4 87s for demand. Posted
j rates. $4 851 @4 Sis Vs* Commercial bills, $4 83 1,4
' @4 S4Vi- (jovernmeut bonds firm: State bonds
I null: railroad bonds a tlve and stronger. Silver
reelected Bar silver, 64% c Mexican dollars,
b0»/i©51'* a *.-.
CIXISINS STOCKS.
Am Te & Cable... 85 (North American... 5
Atchison 145/„ Northern Pacific 137/ 8
Preferred. 24^'s Pr.-iferred 34s
Adams Express. .. 160 Northwestern. lUI' 4
Alton, Terre Haute 54 Preferred 168Vs
American Expresslo9 IN V Centra! 94V4
American tobacco 77%. Y. Chicago**: L 12
Preferred 104 j Ist preferred 76
Bay state Has HVfe "2d preferred....-/. 28
Baltimore * Ohio.. 16 5 VAN H 177
Brunswick Lands. 8/ 8 N Y*«t New Eng... 45
Buffalo, Roch &P. 18 NY Susq&W.... 914
Canada Pacific 601/4 .'referred 251/4
Canada Southern.. 44 {Ontario 101/4
Canton Land 60 7 Ontario * Western 163
i Central Pacific 13Vj. Oregon pro vmnt
I ches * Ohio 18 Prefe-red —
; Chicago Alton 163 Oregon Navigation 16
i Preferred 174 Oregon Short Line. 16
Chicaco, B <feQ.... 76i. s.l'acinc Mail 2434
i Chicaeo<_ E 111.... 40 ll'eona. D* Evans 2
! Preferred 60 Pittsburg * W pfd. 15
I Chicago Gas.. 79 Pudman Palace 169
1 Cleve i Pittsburg. 166 'Quicksilver 2
Consolidation CoaL 'So Preferred 10
1 Consolidated Ga5. .14434 Reading 27y
! CC C & st Louis... 29Va Kio(.rande<__Westn 12
Preferred 7;sVj : I referred 40
: Colo Pue. * Irc_.. 25Vs; I'ock Island 69%
Preferred 70 |RoroeWat*o__den. 1 171./4
Cotton Oil Cert ... 14y 2 ;StLdkSW 4V**.
Commercial Cable. 160 1 Preferred 11
Dei Hi.dson 112i/4!st Paul 78%
Del LacU__.Westrn.lsb i « Preferred *»31
Denver <fe R G 12 St Paul * Dututh.. 22
Preferred 43V4 Prelerred 83
! Distillers. ,St Paul A Omaha.. 617/
; General Electric... 343 4 Preferred 180
Erie 15 Stf_l_._i II-
Preferred 34V4|Silver Certificates. 64%
j Port Wayne 166 Southern Pacific. 15
' Great Northern Dfdli a |Southern_R R V/a
i reen Ray I Preferred 29
' Harlem 292 Sugar Refinery. .. .116%
Hocking coal- 4 ' Preferred 102V_
Hocking Valley... l6Vi.Tenn Coal <__ Iron.. 30%
Eomestake 35 j Preferred «0
II A Texas Central (Texas Pacific 9%
Illinois Central.... 93 Toi Aa A N Mich.
lowa Central. 8 10l Ohio A Central 20
Preferred 25Vfe' Preferred 60
Kansas A Texas... 14 s /s Toi st Louis &X C! 6^fe
Preferred 3.3 8 Preferred 15
Kingston * Penu.. » Cnion Pacific 7y
Lake Erie & Westa 18 U P Den <fe Gulf.... 2
Preferred 6b Cordage
Lake Shore 162% Preferred
National Lead 25% (.Guaranteed
Prererr§d 90i/s U 8 Express 38
Eoiiglslanl ....... 62 0 Leather. 9
•"Louisville A Nash. 61V_i Preferred 61%
Lculsviiie.N Aiony VIDB Rubber 24%
Preferred 3V4 Preferred. 76
Manhattan C0n.... 92VilUilca<fc B River.. .l6o
Memphis & Charts 15 W«b SL & Pacific. 7y 8
Mexican Centra... 7% Preferred 16%
I Michigan Central.. 90 Wells-i'arco. 97
i Minn AS L Western Union.... 85Vfe
I Prefeir»d Wlsi onsin Central. 2
! lllnn__ St I. com.. li» Wheeling A L E... _2«/
! Ist prelsrred 7SV4| Preferred 14
I 2d Dref. rred 46VijAm Cotton Oil pfd. 66
! Missouri Pacific... 23 IW U 8eef..... 7
Mob Ohio 22 Ann Arbor 10V4
Nashville A (.hatt. t7Vfe Preferred 24
National Linseed.. )4 Brooklyn Traction. J B%
IN J Central 102 Erie 2d pfd. 20
Norfolk A Westrn. liys American Spirits-. 18%
Preferred 16Va Preferred..... 29% 1
crosijc* bonds.
Ala Class A - 104 Northern Pac lsts. 104
Do Class B 4, 55. 108 Do 2d_...... ..
Alabama class C. 96 I Do 3:ls. :.... 80 -
Atchison 4s 80% Doconsol&s 66
Lo 2ds A 45%0r lmprovmnl Isc. 89
Canada South 2i15. 106 j Do 6s 20
Cen Pac lsts of ' 95. olt AN Ista 110%
Cherokee 4s. 1896.103V4! Do con sol 5s
Do 1H97 10..1/4 Or short Line 65.. .113
LOIB9- 1031 a Docongol 66V 2
Do 1899 103VV Pacific 6so( '97...
Ches & Ohio 55... .110 Phlla* Reading 4s _0 3 /s
CIiAN PTr Rets 5s -13% Do Ist pfd Incom. 47 V*
D C 3-6& S. 1091/4 R OrandeWest Isis 74
Den <fc Ist 11l St L«tlronMlGensj 7_.V_,
Do 4s 88 St LA Gen 6s..lluVi
; Erie 2ds S4VijStPaul Consols.... 131
: PtWADenClty lsts 61 I-t PCA Pa lsts ..116*%
IoHA SA 6s 104 So Carolina 4V,_..102
Do 2d 7s 96V' 2 Southern I. R 05... 90y 8
I Gen Elec Deb 55... 9--S-.; Do Pac Cal lsts.. 107
11 A Tex Cent 55... 106 2 Ten u new 3s 77 We
Do con 6s. 102 i/ 4 |TeTas Racists 87Va
! lowa Central lsts.. 96 iexasPac2ds 22y 8
1 Kansas Pa Consols 6.1 Union Pac lsts 96.1031/*
; Ks PalstsDenDivll4yjj L' s 4s reg of 1925.120
I LaCousoMs. 95 Do 4s, Coupon.... 121
I Missouri funding... . CS 4s reg of 1907. 11
MX T ids 62 I Do4s. coupon lllVa
Do4s 8:.3/ 4 | Do 2s 95V2
i Mobile A Ohio 45.. 67y> Do is. Reg . .112%
! Mutual Union 65.. 110 " Do &s. coupon.'... 1 14 Vg
N J Cent Gen 65...136y 8 Va funding dent... 61V.
N X C A St. Louis 4s 106 Do registered. ...-
Nor A West 1 7 Vi; Do deferred 65.. 6
N Caro ma con 100 Do trust rcptsipd 6
Do 122 ; Wabash Ist 6s 107
NortbwestConsols. 141 West Shore 4s ioßl_l
Lodeb &s 109
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Eng., Jan. 16.— The spot market
Is steady at 7s lV2 d @ 7 8 Bd. Cargoes are dull at
365, sellers, prompt shipment.
j* i-ttbes.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations tor No. 2 Red Winter: Jan
uary, 6s 9Vid:"l ebruary. 6s 9%d; Ma en, 6s
10i/ 2 ii; May, 6s 10%'t.
SKCUKITIKS.
LONDON, Eno., Jan. 16.— Consols, 112 3-16- sil
! ver, 29 11-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 30c.
EX CH AN' CaTTANIEr^BULLIOI. . |
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — • $4 S.MA
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables •— 4 8834
New York I .■.change, sight. — 16
New 1 ork Exchange, telegraphic. — 17y 2
Pine silver, per ounce.... — t.43,i,
Mexican Dollars 62 t_V a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
PRODUCE MARKET.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Potatoes rule firm and River Burbanks are
hlsber. Onions tire steady and Vegetables quiet.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 3-Vic *. lb; Sweet
Potatoes, $1 25@1 75: Early Rose, 70©75 c; River
iteds. 6U@6oc; Burbank Seediinzs. tO@7uc ■$. ctl
for Rivers and 70c@$l for Salinas; Oregon Bur
banks. — . |- , ' IIIB7HB
ONIONS-75@90c _. ctl. .
VEGETABLE-.— Hothouse Cucumbers. 50c@$l
V dozen; Hothouse Asparagus, B@l7\_c %4 lb: Rhu
barb, $ box; Los Angeles Summer Squash,
75c i? box;, Los Angeles Green Peppers, is@
60c _* box: Mushrooms. B@lsc "& lb, lat er fig
ure ior buttons: Marrowfat squash. $5 _•» ton;
Los Angeles Tomatoes, 60c@.*l .* box; Dried
Peppers, 7@Bc *! lb; Green Peas. 4<gfc'c %* lb. Los
Angel* String luiiii,., sC_*loc; Dried Ultra. B@9c i.
lb; Cabbi-ge, 40@.50c V ctl; Carrots, 26(530c %.
sack: Garlic, lV_.@2c ¥ lb.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Dairy goods are badly demoralized
and lower. Creameries show no decline, but are
weak. 0_K&&SI
Crkamkry— Fancy near-by" Creameries, 20
21c; some specials bring more; seconds. 18@19c;
fancy Humboldt, 23@240 $. lb. •_.
Dairy— Fancy, 15@17c; good to choice, 13®
14c: lower grades, 10®12c _* lb.
Pickled— l3@l 4c %4 lb.
Fibrin— l3® 1 4c _* lb.
Crkamkry Tub— l6(s»lßc \% lb.
lhi-.l_.ih- Choice mild new. 11@11V4c _. lb;
common to good old, B<£loc _* lb: Cream Ched
dar. ll@12c; Young America: ll@12o; Western,
11*V_® 12 Vie: Eastern. 13@14V_.c f* lb*
Km.s- Prices continue to decline. Kancli Eggs,
25@27c: store Eggs, 19@22c; Eastern, lb@2oc
$(102.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Was nominal yesterday, as usual on Saturday.
Live Turkeys, 12@13c _. lb for Gobblers, 12V2@
14c «■> lb for liens; Dressed turkeys, 14(g)! 5c f. tb;
Geese. _» pair. $1 .-0(g). 75: Ducks, _>s<__6 60 _( doz;
Hens, $3 50@5; Roosters. youDfi. *4 50i_4 75: Uo,
old, $4@4 25: Fryers, .f3 7 5 (a, 4 2.) Broilers, $4
for large and $2 50@3 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 75
%. doz ior young ana $1 26 -.or old.
GAM K— Yesterday a*, the last day f*>r the law
ful sale of Quail aud Ducks Quai ,$. %. doz; Mal
lard, $3 50r__4: CanvasbacK, f. .0.4 50: Sprig, $1 60
®1 75 _. <io"z: Teal, 91 SO * doz; Widgeon, Mil 25
~m\ doz: small Duck. 75c@$l: English Snips, $2 50
Ujl3f.doz: Jack snipe, _*I@l 60 ». dozen: Hare,
itl: itabbils, $160 for Cottontails and $I@l 25
for small: Gray Geese, $2 50; White Geese, $1®
1 25: Brant, $1 50(0.1 75; Honkeis, -Hl.'
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUIT*.
DECIDUOUS FRUlTS— Eastern Apples still
glut the market, Pears are lower and very dull.
Apples, 75c@Sl fl box lor choice, $1 10@1 25 for
fancy Red, 3!.@65c for common; Eastern, $I®3
■F* bbl.
Pears, 35(5»75c _. box.
Persl ii mon... 85@65c _. box.
BEKRIKS—
Eastern Cranberries. S6@B fi. bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS— Grape Fruit is again offer
ing at 91 r. no. Mandarin Oranges are quot
able at 60®85c _. box: -Navel '.ranges «i 60
®2 50 iji box; seedlings, 75c®$l 25: Lemons,
75c@$l 50 for common and $2@2 50 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, $6@6 60: California
Limes, $1 -b(a.'. 50; Bananas, ?li_.2 _4 bunch; pine
apples, $2@l %4 doz
DRIED FRUITS, RAISIN'S, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The market is still in the
dumps. *...*.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are nominally
as follows: .:••
(arload Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6_Ji9c
for I. ovals and HV_@l2c for choice to fancy
Moorparks: Prunes, 3'* 2 c for the 4 sizes Peaches,
4(&5i/__'- for prime to choice, 6 __'_,7c (or fancy and
9<_>lo_ lor peeled in boxes; Apples 5:. +_: "$ lb f.r
evaporated and •-'__.•_. 2 c for sun-dried; Pears, 2y 2
(st.be tor prime to choice, 4@sV»c for quarters add
6®6i_c for halves; Plums, 4o for pitted aim 1 ' 2 c
fo unpitted; .Nectarines. .I 1 *>@4 for choice and
6-V-2C lor fancy; W..ite Figs, 3c; Black Figs, 2 V*
(al2V_c
Jobbino Pricks— Peaches, 4V2@sy c «* lb;
fancy, 6i*i®7 1 -c %i tb: peeled. l2*Ut _■: ib Apr*
cots. 6*-/-_'_iyc %4 tb. la.ocy, 10c; Moorparks. 12©
13c; evanorateii Apples. 5-.4.C; sun-dried, 2^4®3c;
Prunes, 3%@4c tor I lie 4 Mies: Figs, black, At: lor
impressed un . :*i@S.'-.c for pressed; white iii.B, 4c;
Plums. 4*V_!_.sc for tied and l*V«jC for on pit ted:
Nee urines, 4i__.6c i!* lb for prime to fancy; Pears,
2 i ._. ._ 5 c for hole. 4y 2 2 c for quarters and
4i/ a .__i6V'2C for halves.
Ua 1 _.______—
Carload Pricks — Four- crown, loose, 6s/ 8 c;
three-crown. 4.' c f, lb; two-crown, 33, 8 c 'V »:
seedless Julianas, s*V__c; seedless Muscatels. 4%0;
three-crown London layers, $1 15: clusters, *1 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; Imperial clusters, $3;
dried rapes. 3c "a lb.
Jobbing Pricks— san Francisco— Four-crown,
loose. !> J .xc; 3 crown, 4» 4 c: 2 -crown, 33,ic: seed
less Sultanas, 534 c: ertiess Muscatels, 4V2c;
3-crown London layers, $1 25; clusters, $1 60:
Dehesa clusters, 82 75: imperial clusters, $3 25.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8($10c: Walnuts,
6V3®7c 0lbf • r standard and 9(&9y a c _•! lb lor
soiishell: _*Vlmocds, 6®6i/ 2 c for launuedoc, 3®
31/2 C for hardshell and sjSOc s? tb for paper-shell;
Peanuts, 4®6c fi lb for .astern ana 4C for' Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts, s®-<; %" lb; Pecan . 71-t,®
80 1b; Filberts, 7i/j®Bc; Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 ®Bc:
Cocoanuts, $4@5 %. 100.
HONEY— Counb. 10®12i_c for bright and s®9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6_>si*_e;
light amber extracted 4%®4»4c; dark amo_r,
4(g,4-V*jc; dark, 2(a3c %l tt>.
BLLSWAX— 23®26c 'ft lb.
PROVISIONS.
(FRED MEATS— Bacon,' 6c _. Ib for heavy, 7c
•© tb for light medium, 9Vi_c for light, 100 f» tb for
extra light and 111 _>c %* lb for sugar-curad. East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 12./ 2 <a>l3c: California
Hams, lie >' lb: Mess Beet, .j,®7 60: extra
mess do, 88®8 60: family do, »9 50@10; extra
prime Pork, *7 50 (& 8: extra clear, $16 f* bbl;
ii.ess. $14 *>* bbl: smoked Beef. lUc f. tt>.
LARD— Eastern, tierces ls quoted at si^c for
compound and 6®6VSjC fur pure: palls, 7c: Calll
fornii. tierces, 6®s*V_|C & lb tor compound and 6V4C
for pure: haif-bois, 6*. 4 0. 10-lb tl..s, 7 Vie: do, 5-lb.
71/2 Cl* &■
CoTl'i/LENE— 6®6V4c in tierces and 7%®.<VB**
in 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— (tills and brands sell lc
under sound stock. Heavy silted steers. 7y*j@Bc:
medium. 6y ®7c: li~ht, 5*V 3 @6c: Cowhides. 5 %®
c; salted Kip, 4_4i®6sc: suited Calf, 7®Sc; salted
Veal, 6@7c: dry Hides. 12®13c -t-lb; culls and
brands, «®lo*.: dry Alpand ea].9ttioc: dry Calf,
16c: culls. 10c; Goatskins, 2(._£35c each: Kids,
sc: De rskins, good summer, 20:_o-5c _* tb: me
dium, 15@20c; winter, 7@9c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 1 Org l&c each; short wool. 26(<i35c each; me
dium. 30® • each: long wools, 40®60c each.
J ALLOW— .-hipment Of lbt.,i:«3 lbs to Liver
pool. No. 1, render-..., 3®3V_c; No. 2, 2V__c;
reiined, sc: urease, 2c if* lb.
WOOL— We quote Fall Wool: Humboldt and
Mendocino, B®9c: free northern, 7@Bi/2c: mid
dle counties, tree, 5y 2 @7c: do. defective, 4V_>@tfc:
San Joaquin. 3i'a'6c: 1.0. foothill, 6@7c; Eastern
Oregon spring, "7Vi_®9c: Valley Oregon, 10V 2 _>
12c; do, fall and lambs', 106.11 c.
HOPs— 6®Bc for lair to choice and 9®loc $ lb
for fancy.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
No further advance In any description. Whole
\ sale rates lor dressed stock from slaughterers are
as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6._*@7c; second, s®6c;
third do, 4®sc _. tt..
VEAL— Large, (i®7c; small, 7@Bc •_. lb.
ML'T ION — Wethers, 6V 2 ®7e:" Ewes, 6@6y»c
%. lb.
LAMB— Spring, 12 Vis® l&c; yearlings, 7@Bc fl
lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3Vi@33/gC _i lb for large and
I medium and 3. _(_,;):' s tor small; dressed do, 4 \' 2
■ (0.51 /4 C "fl lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 4%c; June-
July delivery, 4"/ 8 c; Wool Ba:s, 24Va@26V2C.
COAL- Wellington, $_ _* ton: New Wellington,
(8 9 ton; Southlield Wellington, $7 60 «. ton;
Seattle, 85 50: Bryant, *5 50: Coos Bar. 84 75;
Wallsend,B6 60; scotch. ; Brymbo, — — ; Cum
berland, $13 50 In bulk and 816 in sacks; Penn
sylvania, Anthracite K~n, Hll®l2 *<& ton; Welsh
• uthiacite. $8®10; Cannel, $8 _i ton; Rock
Spring . Castle cate and Pleasant Valley, 8/ 60;
Coke, $11(0.1 _• I" bulk and .13 _( ton in sks.
CANNED SALMON -The Alaska Packers' As
roclatlon quotes Red Salmon as follows: In lots
of 26,000 cases. 95c fi dozen; 50.000 cases, 92U.C
> dozen; 75,000 cases, 90c 'v. dozen, net Cash f. o.
b. ex-ship.
sUgaß— Western Sugar Refining Company
quote*!, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, s i/ c;
Powderei, oc: Fine Crushed, 2 c; Dry (Granu
lated, 8 c: Confectioners' A, 43/« c: Magnolia A,
4c; Extra C, 3y 8 c; Golden c, 3:.^c; half barrels
Vie more than barrels, and boxes Vi'*- more.
RECEIPT. OF I'ROOUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks... 6 965 1 raw, tons 88
Washington... 6,174 i.v.-0.. 100
•IVtiMti* -...; .' 295 Cheese ct15...... 73
Washington... 345 K_an, aoz...' '". 4,44 ii
Parley, c.is. 3,945 Hides, no 179
Corn. Fast, ctls. 800 Pelts, bJis
cats, East, ct1.....' BUO Win?, gals 027
Washington... 4.04:^ sugar, bb15....... 3 376
Rye, ctls 400 earner, rolls 27
Potatoes, ski . . 4,957 i.timber. M fej_. •10
unions, 5<*. ....'. i-81 fallow. ctls. .... 77
Bran, sks. 50 l.lme, obis ...;.. 363
Middlings, ski... 200 Uaisins, boxes.. 600
Hay, ions 633
•— ♦ —
THE STOCK MAEKET.
Stocks were steady yesterday at about .Friday's
price*. As the day was a legal holiday the sales
were informal and not of record.
The annual meeting of the Head Center Consoll
ds'ed Mining Company hai been called for Janu
ary 28.
The San Francisco Stock Brewery has levied an
assessment of $1 per share, delinquent Febru
ary 16. " '
• The Mountaineer Mill and Minim: Company of
Nevada County has levied an assessment of 4
cents per share, delinquent February 11.
The Alia assessment will he delinquent ln the
company's ollice to-morrow. -
, .The delinquent assessment -ale of the Occi- j
dental Consolidated will be held 10 morrow.
An official telegram was received fromt he Con
solidated California and Virginia s atinp: that the
output of the mine last week was 18 tons ot ore of
the average assay value of $34 per ton.
At the recent annual election of the American
Bank and Trust Company the old officers were re
el ec ed, with Edwin Fretweil us pres dent, Jamei
J. Fagan, cashier, and John W. Farren Jr., secre
tary. A seml-annuakdivldend of 21/3 per cent was
declared and is now payable.
The Crocker- Woolworth National Bank of this
City has re-elected the old board of directors as
follows: Charles F. Crocker E. K. Pond, Henry J.
Crocker, G. W.Scott, W. ii. Crocker, William E.
Frown and G. W. ICJine. W. H. Crocker is presi
dent and Mr. Kline cashier. A semi-annual divi
dend of 4 per cent has been declared, payable Im
mediately. ■ " '
Following Are the Highest Prices Dur
ing the Past Week.
isat.
Alpha
Alta -.-
Andes
Belcher
Best <fc Belcher. .
Bullion _...-
Caledonia
Challenge
Choliar.....
Con. CaL (ft Va..
Confidence
Crown Point ..
Gould <fc Curry.
Hole A Norcron
v, i-...
1.
1.4
1.36
' 1
2
4.
1.21
4.
11
.1
61 )
3
15
09
15
47
68
OS
11
58
1.00
1.56
1.30
36
45
1.26
46
1.06
16
17
63
27
10
1.50
47
45
04
38
1.
tyexican
1.
Ophlr
Overman
15'
17
I I.l'
1
I I
1
Occidental
Potosl
•Savage...
Beg. Belcher....
•standard :,'.„■.*...
Sierra Nevada..
Uni0n......:.....
Utah
i «vow Jackal.,
l:
6'
13
1.5
10
1.5.'
4'
11
1.66
. . ; *, ? E UAiih .-»Aa_ES.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:.
KKQUI*_R SESSION*— IO:3O.
4.0 girlie II 1 100 Caled 11 ib ) 0ph1r...1. 10
300 Alta ...Of 300 (.'ona... .Li. 100 I.ov>*V_t
-0J Andes.... 16 6UO'I (_ Imp. ..!>'_ 800 0vrmn....l 6
60U Belcner...4b jOO C NY 01 16OJ F0i0_1...61
aOJ 4s IOJ __.vn__....6 500 64
1200 B_t 8...61 2>-0 .37 3,11 fcavai;e....24
6ud 6fc -00 Exchqr...o.*> 200 -26
800 671 10'J (>*«.■ . .. .461400 ...26
200 6. SOU 47 ..0J 27
louu i 0n. .01 Eagle ..3. 90U 28 I
iiO.i Challge...6b M ■ ricc.N ...1.25 000 Scorpion. .O.i 1
200 bt 100 1...U 300 b__ct_>l....ll I
400 ......55 -00 Julia ..OS 100 » Nev. 48 I
HO' Ch0ir.. .1.01 40U J us; Ice... .06 200 47
400 5.9 _00 Kfntck....o4 200 46
600 92 1000 L Wash. ol 600 46
30U '.. H' _t) MX1C......45 -00 811 Hi 11. .-02
50 > tl. V.1.4_.i 2 SJJ 0ccd. ...... 17 -00 01
200 1.4 WJ opnlr PS 100 5tnrd...1.55
450 1.4.' 26 J 99 SO J Uuion. 42
800 1.511 .50 .LOU 500 Utah 05
200 1.55 160' 1.06 120U ¥ J«1it.~36
300 1.471/2
__.__>___ A-MJUONJJi.. EXCHANGE.
SATUR" vv Jan 16 10:30 am.
lN ,*l*. ' STATICS aUi,^A.
■■ J),,rt.AUitAj.\ . _?(_. JLtKsA.
us4sco.D.ui - v res. ..lOtf noys
Do new issue 120 — I
HiM.-KILANKor*. nnv ...
Cal-stCWeSs.UO — Oak Gas 65.. — 104
Cal Elec L 6.1 2 — Do 2d Is .108 — .
Cntra C 92 B5 ' imnibus 6_..H9y 8 120-/4
Dpnt-stex-cp — 97 P_tOßy«i. - 113
FdsuL&FHsl 271/4 *29y4P_tChRy 6s. — 104
F__CHRR6sIOdV IO6 iPwl-sc RR e.ll_:yall7
Gearv-st H5slOJ — Reno.WL&L — 105
H C_t_ s\_-i. 103 — ibscto P& L. — 100
Los Ans L6i - 100 SF&NPRS_. 98y 8 9iya
Do (i meed 6s — 101 |!-PltKArl__B. 90 95
Mxt-stCole6sl2oV4 - ' *PRRCaI ds.liO -
DoKvi on hs. 1061/B*''J6V2hl'RE' »"ss. — 100 .
Nat lst - 100 ~PBrRCal6s. 96*4 - '
NevCNgß7s.lto — ISV Water 6i. IIBV2 —
N KvCal tis. 101 — l-V\\ aier4s. 100 100y a
NRyCaloa. - 95 S:ktnG_tE6s — 102 _.
■W4T1.1l STOCKS !. . --■'.•.,
Contra Costa 32y a 32S/ B |Sprng Valley 18 fßi/ 8
M C 0...- — 61 I ■
. CAS AND ELKCTRIC STOCKS.
Capital — ■>*» l'a_ i.as Imp 91 921,4
Centra! 95 — Pacific Ll«nt 48 6'J
Ed. son Llehtl27 127 Vi -an Francsco BBVi Stiy 3
ii hl_ l,i_iiv »V a 8% -locktou — -20-
Oak ljL_H 633/* - I
■_5-_.UB__.CM KTOCK-
I Flreman'sFdl7o — |_un. _ —
COMMERCIAL FAN-K RTO.K*.
AOKIo-Ca1.... 50 — 1 First Natlonl — 190
Baiiko. Ca1..2381,4242 ._ _o_donl\_A.l37y a —
CalfcL-cfcl lOSVaiilerchEx.... IJ . —
BAVINOS BANK STOCK*.
GerSALCo- — 1600 Say A Loan.. — 105
Uumh_<-L.IIOU — Stcuitty 250 300
Mutual 33 — Ualon Trust. 80J 860
SFteav Union — 49 J |
BTKKKC KAILROA - BTOC__
California... .lo7 110 (Oak SL&Hay — 10.
U-ary-st - - 60 Presidio 6y 8 6i/s !
Market-5t.... 42 Vis 43 |
i . ,\ .*,.K stock*.
Atlantic D... 16 17 [Giant C0n.... 29y 3 30
Calilornia.... 75 — jVlKoriu — 90c
Eastern D.... 80 . -8 " | r ,
MISCKI.UXEnn*I STOCK*.
Alaska Pkrs. 9a"*>4looV_:Nat Vln Co.. — ny a
Uer Lead Co. 1.0 100 'CeanlcSSCo 26 27
IlawCAsCo.. 17V4 t7V_i|Pa(. Aux F A — 4
Hutch _>P(.o 25 V 8 is»,*2 : PacßoraxCo. 95* —
MerExAssn.. — Jlo' jl'urf PalntCo — 7
bAI.ES— MuKJi--.- DMjij^.< : ;
roan—
150 Contra Costa Water 32 00
20 do do ....... 3260
90 do do 32 25
10 co do 83 00
10 do do 32 62Va
25 Hawaiian Commercial. 17 3?y a
50 lluichtnson is P Co. 1 6 UO
5 Oceanic 8 8 Co 27 00
$2000 Omnibus Cable Bonds.. 120 00
SO >- V Water v 8 00
$4( 00 S F A N P Railway Bonds 9."< 12%
$8000 do do 98 25
1-ir.ei —
200 SF Gaslight... 98 50
10 & V Water -8 00
OYSTERS AND CLAMS.
The Aggregate Annual Business in the
It nl vi in the Country.
"The Northern oysters, which are al
most entirely out of the market in May,
June, July and August, come in freely
and are in full supply during the other
months of the year. They are grown prin
cipally in the bays and inlets on both
sides of Long Island Sound, in Jamaica
Bay, the great South Bay, at Long Beach
and other points on the south side of Long
Island ; at Perth Amboy, in the Shrews
bury R ver, Karitan River, Barnegat Bay,
Marsh River Cove and Little Egg Harbor,
NewJersev: Parker's Bay, Chintoteague
and other points along the coast of Mary
land. Young oysters, or 'seed,' are an
nua planted at these and other places.
They run about 5000 to the bushel and
1 -=IS THE BEST KNOWN REMEDY^- |
S FOR 5
1 r^HEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, PAINS IN GENERAL, DYSPEPSIA, DYSENTERY, #
|| WmmmsW Cholera Morbus, 'Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and x st\ms
W\ Cholera Morbus, 'Diphtheria, Sore Throat, Pneumonia, Nervous, Liver and
S Kidney Complaints, Sciatica, Lumbago, Colds, Coughs, Local and General Debility, ||
Ik Headache, Earache, Toothache, Sickness in Stomach, Backache, Burns, Swellings, $
■# Boils, Sores, Ulcers,- Colic, Cramps, Sprains, Bruises, Scalds, Wounds, Indigestion, g
l'J. Skin Diseases, Excessive Itching and many other complaints too numerous to #
§name here. The most skeptical are convinced after trial. ft
'..'.''" ■■•-.' - - . -^
I Price, 25c, 50c, $1.00 Per Bottle. S
* B
fp '..'■ For sale by all druggists. The trade supplied by Redington & Co., Mack & Co. and Langley & Mic'naels, San Francisco. j|s
'£&, For sale by all druggist-.. Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, CaL & Michaels, San Francisco. A
L. Callisch, Wholesale Agent for the Pacific Coast, San Jose, CaL
come to maturity, if they live, in three
years from the time of planting.
If the crop la a goo . one we can rake
about six bushels for every one bushel
planted, but the oyster-planting business
is precarious and frequently all the seed
planted dies, and the result is an entire
failure and heavy loss to the planter.
There are only about twenty-five actual
planters and wholesale dealers in this
city. Their annual business amounts to
about $2,500,000, or an average of $100,000
apiece. Some extensive retail dealers
crow their own oysters, and there are
many small planters who send their prod
uct to market. These have an annual
business amounting to about the same as
that of the wholesale men, so that the
total is about $5,000,000. This includes
both oysters and clams, of which about
1,250,000,000 are annually marketed in
this city. The aggregate annual business
done in oysters and clams in the entire
country is estimate l at from $20,000,000 to
$25,000*000.— New York Tribune.
THE CALX. CALENDAR. ,
January, 1897.
W. I
Th.
Moon's Phases
2
®| New .Moon.
Jan, 2.
4 j
6
6'
•
3 Firs'- Quartet
<J) Jan. 10.
11
12
13
16 I
14
\fiS\ Pull Moon.
<&> Jan. 18.
20
21
23
17
| 28 I
30
€Last Quarter.
(^ Jan. 25.
Ot__.i S'X EA-UEI-S.
Date* of Dep.rtiire 1 rom San Francisco, j
BTEAMKR
I. NATION-. |
SAIL.?.
Pr KB.
tsta'.e ot Cat.
City Sydney
Coos Bay —
Areata
Homer
Farallon.....
Walla Walla
Cortina .....
Mexico
Czurlna
Kurelca
Columbia...
Rio Janeiro.
Queen
li matt. la
Oriznha .
I Portland .:.... j
! Panama. .'
! Newport. ..'...
I Coos Bay
j COOS Bay .....
V natnn i Hay.
Vie & Pet Hno
Humnoldtßa>
Han Dleso.
Coos Bay
Newport
Portland
China A Japan-
Kan IMh'o.. .
Vie & Pit Snd
i Mexico
Jan 18.10 am
Jan IX, 12 M
Jan lx. uu
Jan 19 10am
Jan 19. spu
Jan 19 9am
Jan 19. uu
Jan 20.' 2rn
Jan 20.11x41
.lan 21, spm
Jan 22. 9am
.fun 2;«. l« AM
Jan 23, Ipm
Jan . 4.1 lam
Jan 24. SUM
Jan 'M 10am
Pier a*
pass
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 18
i'ier 2
Pier 9
Plat i
Plm 11
Pier 8
Iter 11
Pi.- 11
pm a a
i- -.- ; t
Pier 9
Pier 1 1
-TEA.UE.-.S TO Ai.KIVE.
vriAKKi. I From I Do*
Areata —
Farallon
Orizaba..;.
Wellington... .
Bio de Janeiro
Mexico
Homer,.;
Corona
Cleone
Czarina
Kureka..
rmatllla. I
Columbia ■ j
Australia j
Mackinaw
Truckee j
Alliance... I
Progreso j
Queen |
ban Juan I
AUceßlancbard
Crescent City... i
loos Bay.' .. I
Haelic f
Coos Bar
Yaqulna Uay
Mexico
Departure Bay
China & Japan
-an Diego
Coos Ba;,-
Humbold. Bay...
Crescent City '
Coos 8ay......
Newport
: Victoria <fe Puget Sound
! Portland
i Honolulu
Tacoma — >
Tillamook Bay
Coos Bay ,f..
; Seattle
San Diego
, Panama
j Portland
S Crescent City
j Newport
China andJsp'n
..Jan 17
Jan 17
..Jan 17
..Jan 17
..Jan 17
..Jan 18
Jan 18
..Jan 19
..Jan 19
..Jan 20
..Jan '-'0
..Jan 20
. Jan 20
. .Inn 21
..Jan 21
..Jan 21
. . Jan 22
..Jan 22
..Jan 22
..Jan 23
..Jan 24
\ ..Jan 24
| Jan 24
...Tan "4
SU.N, k_os ._--_» xixjt:.
United ptates toast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fo -t Point. Entrance to
San Francisco Bay. Published by Offi
cial Authority OF the superintendent.
Note— The high and low waters occur at the
City Front (Mission-street Wharf) about twenty
live muni es later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places.
January— lß97.
Sunday, Januar/ 17.
Pnnrts*. 7.241 Moon rlsns.. ..
Sunset* - 6 17 1 Moon sets. .. 6.35 am
! Afreet
'I, w|
___> Fertile Feet
H W 1 [I, w|
Time
I H »v |
3.-8
H W
0.25 1
1.15
1.411
2.12
2.44
U Wl
I 4.1 4.16 3.1
| 4.5 5.55 2 9
I 4.7 648 2.5
4.8 7.47 2.1
I 4.»| 8.47 1 1.7
H W
10.14
11.61
12.48
1 42
2.46
5.3
6.0
4.7
4 5
| 4.0
L W
5.22
6.37
7.15
-as
—0.4
! 0.1
I 0.7
I 1.8
8.47
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left band
column, and the successive tides of the day in th«
order of occurrence as to time. The second tims
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bnt threo tides, as sometime.!
occurs. The heights given are additions to tha
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes ths
height, and then the number given ls subtractlvs
from the depth given by the charts-
A'OTICt: TO ..lAi:!.. Lli-.
A branch of the United States Hvdrographlo
Office located In the Merchant. Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for tho benellt of
mariners without regard to nationality a.id fr.e of
expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
Office, where complete sets ot charts and sailing
directions of the world are kept on nan i tor com
parison and reference, and the latest information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocean
commerce.
The tlm» ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befo.-e
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each day from tba
United Stales Naval Observatory a-. Mare Island,
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball waa
dropped on time, or giving the error, if any, ls
published the same day by the afternoon papers,
and by the morniug papers the following <iav.
W. S. Hubhm,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., ln charges
The liino Ball.
iBAXen BTMtnnßArmo Of. tor. c. _. v.. i
Merchants' Exc__or__ V
Pan Fkancisco. January 16. 1397. )
Tbe time ball on Telegraph Hill was aropps I
exactly at noon to-day —i. c.. a. noon of the I'iUtJ
meridian, or exactly mar. * Greenwich ii:__
W. S. Hushes,
r.'PMfpnanr T. g* ... Hi- ha-..
SHim.Mi I_VJ.__.l_ --__*___-.
Arrive!. ■*" .*'',__
SATURDAY. January 18.
fitmr Coos Bay. Hall. 72 hours from New
port, etc: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins & Co-
Stmr North Fork, Hansen. 27 _ours|__m Eu
reka; pass and mdse, to Charles Nelson.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, 38 hours from Ven
tura; 6254 bbls oil, to Pac (.oast Gil Co. Up river
direct.
Stmr Protection, Ellefsen, 18 hours from Fort
Bras*: lumber, to Union Lumber to.
stmr Washtenaw, Crosse up, 74 hours from Ta
coma: 4500 ions coal, to •_ Co. Oakl.ui*. direct.
Ship John C M*yer, 9-davs from Departure Bay;
191:0 tons coal, to Geo Fritch. *
Bark Forest ' Queen. Basley. 10 days from Ta
coma; 550 Mft lumber, to s" P Co. Oaklaud di
rect.
. Schr Allen A. Schange. £5 days from Papeete;
copra, etc, ;o J 1 .net <fe Co.
Schr John I. Tapani; Bon. and, Bdaysfrom Port
Gamble; lumber, to Pope & Talbot. Oakland di
rect. ■.-- '» .: . *._ >
' j . .Cleared.
... SATURDAY. January 16.
Br stmr Coptic, Sealby, . Hongkong and Yoko-.
hama: O__OS _ Co. ■ • - !
Haw s.mr San Mateo, Fletcher, Comox; Pacific
Imp Co.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr corona. Doran, Eureka; Goodaltl Perkins <&
Co.
Stmr Coos Bay,- Hall, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Mr ship Manchester, Hicks, Hull; Balfour, Guth
rie & Go.
. Br ship Bac-hus. Thomson, Queenstown; Gir
Vln, Baldwin & Eyre.
Ship rancli, smith, New York; John Rosen
feld'sSoris. .
' schr Rattler, Nielsen, sealing and otter hunting;
Fred Nielsen.
failed.
SATURDAY. January 16.
' Stmr Queen, Alexander, San Diego and way
porta
U S stmr Oreion, Howison, cruise.
Br stmr Coptic, Sealby, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Il<> .o.ulu.
Sim r Corona Doran. Eureka
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, Mendocino.
Br ship ■ rowu of Germany, Mann, Liverpool.
Br ship Giei.finart, long muir, Queenstown.
Schr John A, Hellquist* Eureka.
Schr Christina Stett'eus, Nordllng.
Schr Melancthon, feasley.
Schr Neptune. Estvold, Grays Harbor.
Mcx sunt Josefiua, F'ipzehkan, Ensenada.
Spoken. .
Dec 9, on the equator. 29 W— Br ship Glynd
hurst, hence Aug 2u, for Liverpool.
Charter*.
The bark Guv C Goss loads mdse for New York;
Br ship Dove * Hall, coal at Nanaimo for this
port; Haw ship Hawaiian Isles lumber at Hast
ing! Mills ior Shanghai, 40s. < -*-/ v
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBns. Jan. 16. ll* c m.— Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 12 miles.
Diiinß.tlo I'OV"..
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 16— stmr Alice Blanch,
ard. hence Jan TO.
>alled Jan 16— Br ship Larnaca, for Cape Town;
stmr signal, for Seattle. i*.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Jan 16-Stmr Alcazar,
hence Jan 15.
fORT HARFORD- Arrive! Jan 14-Schr San
Buenaventura, from Grays Harbor.
BAN DOW— Arrived Jan 16—* Joseph and
Henry, nence Jan 6.
PuBT LOS ANGELES- Arrived Jan 16-Stmr
Alcatraz, from Point Arena.
COOS BAY — Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Czarina, hne
Jan 14.
sailed Jan 16— Stmr Ronita, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 16— Ship Dashing Wave,
hence Jan 3.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Progreso, be
Jan 12.
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 16— 3tmr Caspar, hence
Jen 1.).
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan stmr National City,
for San Francisco.
BOWEN-S LANDlNG— Arrived Jan 16-Schr
Monterey, heme Jan 15.
sailed Jan 16— acur Barbara Hernster, for San
Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 15-Sct.r Prosper, from
Kobe, for Fort Blake. ey. Jan 16— Stmr Ma ki
naw, hence Jan 13. for Tacona. Passed out Jan
16 Btuir Mineola from Comox. for Port Los An
geles: Brshio :-coitl>h Isles irom Port Biakeley,
for Puget sound. Passed in Jan 16— ■> city of
Pueb.a, henc; Jan 14, for Victoria and Port Town
send; brig Courtney Ford, from Tahiti, for Puget
sound.
USAL— sailed Jan 10-3tmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
I'OtiT BRAGG — Sailed Jan 16— Stmrs Noyo and
Albion, for San ranoisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 16-Schr Gen
Banning, 'rom Santa atari.
REDONDO— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr South Cons',
from Enre, a.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 11— Scbr Comet, for
Puget Sound.
IMRT«...MBLE-Salled Jan 16— Schr Hueneme
for San Pedro.
BBtfiTflj Koroicn P.rtt.
ENSENADA Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Orizaba, for
San Francisco. '. '— *■
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 15— Br stmr Belgic,
hence Dec 29.
' ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 14— Br stmr Kirkhlll,
hence Oct 25. " -
BRISBANE— Arrived Jau 10— Br stmr E.trick
da.e. hence Dec 6.
TUsKAß— Passed Jan 11— Br bark Balmore, fm
Liverpool, for Victoria.
COLON— sailed Jan 14— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
Importations.
NEWPORT— rer Coos Bay— l 7 bxsoranges, 16
cs ess*. 55 sks peanuts. •'. _ — -
San Pedro— 4 cs egga, 9 a drugs, 1 Iron can, I cs
ti.iw. r-, 1 en bicycles, 2 cs olives. 2 is onions, 3
ci rubber goods, i pump, 1 cs creamery goods.
Hueneme -1 bx butter. .96 bxa limes.
East San Pedro— lo eggs.
Santa Barbara— l bx flih
Ventura— 3 bbls tallow, 3 bdls pelts, 1 bdl skins,
3 cal skins 57 bdls hides, 1 bx iron castings, 1 cs
irames, 7 sk walnuts,, 10 cs eggs, 65 bxs lemons,
10 bxs raisins.
Gavio a—-' bxs butter, 21 sks crawfish.
Port Harford — 12 bxs butter, 7 bxs fish. 7 hf
cs eggs, 400 sks beans.
Cayucot— 6B ox shutter, 22 dressed calves, 400
sks b-ans, 10 cs eggs. 5 bdls hides. 1 calfskin.
.-an Simeon— 6l bxs butter, 11 dressed calves, 4
os eggs, 135 sks oarley, _, bx harness.
Mon-erey— bxs apples.
TAHITI -Per schr A Allen— lß9,ooo kilos co
pra, 6:*, 000 kiloi p she. ls, 60 tawa logs.
ARi ATA— Per Nor.h Fork -3.9 bxs fish, 16 oil
tames, 11 glue stock. 12l7Mahing.es 10 M
shakes, 3cs hardware, 50 sks peas, 1 ts tobacco,
234 M ft lumber.
Consignee-.
Per North *or'_ — American Union Fish Co: J II
Woods A Co: A Paladlnt: G Camliloni & Co: G G
Wlc .son Co: Milam ■& Co: Standard Oil Co: Cat
Glue Works: Marshall, Teggart Jt Co ; A Bellantl:
Chas Nelson; J B Ligu^lia: B Caite; J H Kessing:
E M Hecsman: N Taraniino; YD Ver^lUa; P E
Ericsson; Carroll «fc Carroll.
Per schr A Allen— J Pinet & Co; Macondiay &
Co.
Per Coos Bay— W C Price & Co: OB Smith & Co :
Dunham, Carrigan <fe Co: E R Stevens it Co: W R
Ford: Dodge. Sweenev & Co. Bassett & Bunker;
Chas Montgomery & Co; Wolf Ji Son: Hills Bros;
L _cateua<t Co: Eveletb & Nash: Jonas Krlanger;
Hlimer, Bredhoff Jt Schulz; Wheaton, Breon <bCo;
Erlanger & Gallnger: Smith's Cash Store; Labor
hangt-: Baker ct Hamilton: De Bernard! & Co;
H Klrchmann & Co: Langley & Michaels: H H
Saltier: W R Knight <S_"Co; W W Montague <fe Co;
c E Whitney .6Uj; Wood. Curtis & Co: W X Sum
ner & Co: Dairymen's Union: Main cfc Winchester:
A Paladlni: Marshall & Reim Getz Bros ._ Co;
FBHaight: Wellman. Peck <B(.i_: J B In_uglla;
Brigham, Hoppe <_ Co: Dodge, Sweeney & Co; Pa_;
Coast Fish Co: Standard Oil Oo ; Haas, Bum* h.t
Co; Sanborn, Vail _: Co: Gordan & CO; 1 nca Min
ing Co: Pai ific Transfer Co: Migliavacca Wine Co;
11 Buusman.
It) r Late Shipping Intelligence See Fourteenth Page.
KEW TO-SAT.
PARTICULARS FREE ON APPLICATION.
SAM. KELLER Si CO.,
BANKERS AND BROKERS,
44 Broadway and 45-47 New Street, New York.
Agencies in All Large Cities of the United State*.
Nearly seventy per cent profit op our "Holiday
Conibi lation," coverin ■ only twenty-seven days'
transaction-: OVER EIGHT PER CENT weekly
on ihe investment for the uasLSIX YEARS'. N«>
LOSSES EVER RECORDED The safest and
most profitable system of invi-stment known.
GERMAN SAVINGS & LOAX SOCIETY,
530 California St., -. F.
Capital actually paid up In cash.... " $1,000,000 00
Deposits uecemoer 31, 1895....... 30,727,586 59
R. serve fund 715.00000
Guaranteed capital 1,200,000 00
OFFlCERS— President, R. A. Becker: First
Vice-President. Edward Kruse: Second Vice-
President, Daniel Meyer: ashler, A. 11. It*
Schmidt: Assistant Cashier, William Herrmann:
Secretary. George Tourney; Assistant Secretary,
A. H. Midler. ; •
BOARD OF DtRECTORS-B. A. Becker, Ed-
ward Kruse. Daniel Meyer, H. Ilorstmanu, lgn.
Steinhart, Nic. Van Bergen, Emil Rohte, H. B.
Russ, D. N. Walter.
Attorney, W. S. Goodfellow.
ifEW to-day:
PICIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY Afl,
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: ■^"*T : _f
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel. Juneau. Kll-
llsuoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Jan. 9, 24.
.. For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9a. U.
Jan. 4,9, 14, 19, 24, 29, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma witl. N. P. R. it., at Seattle with G.
N. Hy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Areata and Fields Landing (Ham.
holdt Bay), str. Pomona 2 r. m., Jan. 4,8, 12, 16,
.0. 24. 28, and every fourth day thereafter.
For santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. xi.
Jan. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 2, 26, 30, and every fourth
day thereafter.
- For san Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
geles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Jan. 4, 8. 12, 16, 20,24,28, and every fourth
day 'thereafter. .
For Ensenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Quaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. m. 25th of each month.
'lhe Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates.' Ticket ollice— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS <_ CO., GenT Agents,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
_E^C>-E : tT7l____._A___Xr ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
1? A T?"C , /'» l 2 First-class \ Including
£ __.XVJI_.S6 Second-class /berth J. meats
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Jan. 3, 13, 23, Feb. 2
State of California Jan. 8. 18, 28, Feb. 7
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to
F. F. CONNOR. General Agont.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Suyerlu'-eudejil.
PBinMafll &s. Australia for
ST A&SII3. HONOLULU only,
C* """ Tuesday, Jannar 26,
"____ at 2p. m. Special party
itJ^fn^rili.,) The *•". S. MONOWAI
iffrlfn .hlDi) gall*, via HONOLULU
ttC-llllJlllK galls via HONOLULU
/BiTIRTIPiU and AUCKLAND for
Vyilf/UlM_p SYDNEY, Thursday,
February 4, at •_! p. _
Line to COOLO Anst., and CAPETOWN.
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS «_ BROS. CO„ Agents.
'114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st.. sail Francisco.
COAPAGI.IE 6RHJER.IL TRMSATLASTI .03
French Line to Havre.
fIOMPANY'.- I>IEK(NEW),42 NORTH jpffffi-
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by «?_■»___;
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a smalt
boat. New Yon. to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
first class $160, second class $116.
LA BOURGOGNE Jan. 23, 6a. sf.
LA GASCOGNE Jan. 30, 9a M.
LA BRETAGNE- ' Feb. 6, 6 a.m.
J_A NORMA., DIE Feb. 13, 9 a.m.
LA BOURGOGNE Feb. 20, 5 A. M.
trsT For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green. Now York. •
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. '
WHITE STAR USE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamer.
BKTWEKS
New York, Queenstown ___ Liverpool,
sAiLi-.u i-fii-n .H-KK.
CABIN, $50 AND UPWARD ACCORD- >»«»_
Ing to steamer and accommodations _MH__B
selected; second cabin, 12 50and*4, 50; M__.__._ia
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ira-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■ailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at tha
General Office of the Company, 613 Market streei,
under Grand HoteL G.W.FLETCHER.
Genera. Agent tor Pacilic Coast.
STOCim. STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 _**. Mi Daily. Freight received up
..-,. to .:.{i> V. 31.
gfg- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
The Ofclv line selling through tickets and giving
through freight rates to "all points on Valley
Railroad. .
" STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J- D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and lmpu Go
FOR AALLEJO ASD U. S. If AVYYARD.
STEAMER "MONTI CELLO,"
Dally ex. Saturday & Sun.. 10:30 a. m. and 4 __,
Saturdays *10:30 a. M., 4p.it
Sundays 8 r. __.
Landing Mission-street Dock. Pier 2.
* Telephone Black 261.
•Trip gives 6 hours stop at Navy-Yard.
FOR SAS JOSE, LOS GATOS & SAJTA CRUZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 MOS*
day. Wednesday, Friday, at 10 a. M. Alviso
Tuesday. Thursday, Snturday, at 3p. m. Freight
and Passenger. Fare between San Francisco and
Alviso. 60c; to San Jose, 75a Clay sl, Pier
20 W. banta Clara su San Josa
2930
WILL HUNT IN
SAN FRANCISCO
The Riding Club Arranges
Paper Chases at
lngleside.
Ladies Will Follow the Hunt
Over the Fields and Fences
for the Fun of It.
Trails to Be Laid Out Within the
Limits of Sin Francisco lor
the City Riders.
The next thing in the way of novel ex
citement for San Francisco will be the
paper-chase over suitable parts of the
City's suburbs. *
There will be horsemen and horse
women, and hurdles, fences, ditches, a
hare in the form of a rider, with baps
of paper shreds leaving behind him a
spotted trail; and there will be all kinds
of fun for the upper ten that constitutes
the membership of the San Francisco
Biding School.
For some months past the paper hunt
has been a subject of constant discussion
among members of the riding school. It
was contended by the more enthusiastic
ones that the club had made enough cood
riders to make up a quite respectable hunt
in itself, and therefore the time was ripe
for reaping the benefits of knowledge and
.-kill acquired under the direction of Kid
ins Master Captain Dilhan and Secretary
(_uarre. The select circle of horsemen,
who have learned everything about the
correct seat in tho saddle, management of
the horse, how to appear at home on his
back, and oil those other little matters
which mark the accomplished rider,
are in fact eager for tne hunt. For of late
hurdle-jumping has been added as one of
the features in tne club's ring on Pacific
avenue. Ladies as well as gentlemen
have taken these hurdles.
Tbey bewail with a one-bar fence and a
few green boug.s thrown upon the tan
bark, but almost imperceptibly the height
of the obstruction was raised until finally
the standard elevation has been readied.
And now there are not a few young ladies
in town who never yet had opportunity to
clear a country fence, but could take a
hurdle with the best of them at Burlin
game. They, 100, are desirous of having
a run over the peninsula — cow fences,
water drains and all included.
Mr. Quaire states that the riding club
will not keep them long in suspense, for
it has been decided to bold a series of
bunts through the season. More tban
that the meet will be within a convenient
distance of the club and City stables, so
that all who care to join in the chase may
ride there, then follow tbe hunt and ride
back to town without fatigue to either
horse or rider. As to dress lor those wno
like to be in the fashion, or, anyway, in
correct form, that bas not been seriously
discussed, because everybody who is any
body knows very well that a gentleman
is out of place in the saddle if not in
ultra-baggy trousers and tight pipelike
English riding-boots.
He may wear a silk tile, though a Derby
hat is preferable, and a cutaway coat of
English design. The wbip should prop
erly end with a loop of leather and not
taper to a point as American riding whips
do. in saddles anu bridles the imported
articles or the imported fashions are pre
ferred to the American or Spanish ones in
general use in California. But rtd coats
will not be demanded.
The courses have not yet been selected,
but they will in all probability be laid out
somewhere near lngleside or Ocean View
and toward the ocean.
"I am going out to examine the land,"
said the secretary, "and will make notes
of the country with a view to selecting
runs for the hunts. 1 have been over
some of the country already — that land
]yin_ between lngleside and the ocean
beach and in the vicinity of Lake Merced.
There is a great deal of good hunting
country out that way. but of course some
attention must be given the choice of a
run. We must have pretty level or roll
ing land without many high fepces or
small gardens— open country with some
trees and underbrush. The lngleside
would be a good place for meeting, and
then the trail might be laid in the fields
over toward the Spring Valley Company's
Jakes and back through the land to Ocean
"View, or ever the sand dunes. That is
the only available land in San Francisco,
but it is large enough to furnish a variety
of trails.
"We will make arrangement with the
owners of the land and the vegetable gar
deners to pay for whatever damage that
may be done by the hunt crossing their
property. So we don't look for any
trouble, but hope to bave pleasant rides
after the paper hare in San Francisco.
You see it does not suit all to go to San
Mateo or San Rafael with their horses,
and for that reason I believe the hunt here
will become very popular."
GEOKGE ¥. McNEAE SUED.
The Action Grows Out of the Corneille-
Larnaca Collision.
Another legal complication haß arisen
that grew out of the collision between tbe
French ship Pierre Corneille and the shin
Larnaca off the Golden Gate several
months ago. The owners of the Larnaca
brought an action for damages against t ie j
owners of the French merchantman about j
six weeks ago, and within the next week j
or so the owners of the latter vessel will
bring a counter action against the owners j
of the Larnaca for damages.
The last action in admiralty was filed in I
the United States District Court yester
day by Captain Le Blonde of the Pierre i
Corneille and the owners of the vessel i
against George W. McXear, the well
known grain-dealer. McNear. according
to the bill, chartered the Corneille for a
voyage from San Fiancisco to Falmouth
to carry grain at 30 shillings per ton, the
vessel to arrive in this port before Decem
ber 31 last. On November 11 the two
pbips mentioned collided off the Heads, \
and the French vessel was obliged to lose
ten or more days in repairing the damage.
When this was done the vessel was of
fered to McNear, hut he declined to accept
it, claiming the right to reject upon the
ground that the vessel had taken more
than ten days to repair. However, he
rechartered the Corneille for 21 shillings
3 pence per ton. The owners of the
French vessel are now suing for the dif
ference in the amounts of the two charters
and for the loss ol time. They demand
$5337 50.
A Saloon Bow.
Charles Downing, saloon-keeper, Turk and
Devisadero streets, was arrested yesterday on
a warrant charging him with assault with a
deadly weapon. The complaining witness is
Maurice Reardon; a olacicsmith on (..olden
Gate avenue. The arrest is the outcome of a
row that occurred in Downing's saloon last
Sunday night. Reardon and some friends
were drinking in the saloon and a dispute
arose as to payment for the drinks. Reardon
alleges .at Downing struck him over the
head with a bottle, cutting open his scalp, and
some one else struck him on the mouth with
a billiard cue. Downing claims that one of
Reardon's friends made an assault upon him
and some one in the crowd struck Reardon
wi.h the bottle and billiard cue.
Jewelry store, 5 to 7 Third street, removed to
303 Kearny street.
HALE BROS.
. , . ,»•■'■■■■■ ,
__^_^^^V-^ THIRD . ™ D .— irf'fcKfc,*
ff p ° B _Ff s M BT M- _^t '■* . 8 tl^l^^ 1
jkMDRWC^Ddir rf/ /? /<£ ' W ■»___» cro_sM
/La3_(a\ ®(_X?)®<_X_X_X^_X_)?S_^^ i^y'v^V & 0* / _X__^V***__>'fl*-__W Z* 0 -^^^
rSiW DOMESTICS. I tl^^y/i/Jr^^Ssy^fJs/ ' { NOTIONS. • r^r^r^.
■ J^AVyir U We will wait on you the best we S m J__iVLO__J , uK/\l tli* £j Every nook and corner seems to J -,A i N. /
/ f]S_Sl can, but aooloeize in advance, be- w ■ _ . w,-,v,h.i.-> nver with Clearing Sali \\| , // 7
II cause a rush is unavoidable. lesxgxssxSX^^ The Notion Depart- X<> \Jf.
ffl white wool blankets, a CAN THERE BE A DOUBT? |ment wants a word with you. "MJrf
M CAIN In ______ Xc fl3_Q A IJUIJiSi r I — Th
gjbw^A 10-4 »!_.-. Closing them out at. Pair® _T ® LINEN BUREAU SCARFS-These ,»*!{
JfT California w_H7 wool 1 ASK THE CROWDS OF LAST WEEK ABOUT THE MERITS " S .S_i_;rp«S, «Vl2i c ■ M
_*_"_* BLANKETS, guaranteed at (5) OF OUR SALE. WHERE ELSE CAN YOU BE SO SURE i Sa__KiL^^S..^ J- aU fWf^.
> ____^K_u^_ '^^ 91J p h er ccn d p Th w b Ol, ffi.o4"'® OF OUR SALE. WHERE ELSE * CAN YOU BE SO SURE ®: special.... ._^. tac \ M|#7
_*!F^)T^. Siyssr u«i_sr!-_mou_ that REDUCED prices DO not mean reduced quali- l*SsB_f' Q s\\\?£i*s^S OT
V __395// _/ __. b.. o«"m«k^-d'_w Di B pia y rS TIES? READ OUR ITEMS IF ECONOMY MEANS ANY- 1 green, shaded purple, gra., brown, : QIC /XvU
V < / nr^|L *^-__^ See Our Blanket Window Display.® 11-C.O' _C_X!/j!-.J_; OU_v X 1 _-.iviu -ix _I_.__.V_/ IN __/lVi X I\XS^AL\O AIN I- corn anu sage green; this sold at O3 /T^->_^_\
>V .ft l 1 *^ — X T* T_TT'TvTr A TH VT.TT * l_c. To close the lot at : HanK /I• «? jl
\W. ft OUR CELEBRATED $5 PURE ® i___lli\l-_r X-VJ XKJ U . X J A Al
. VfS* S:,KJ_. T _^ I®®®_X_®^SX_<_<^X_®(^^ ,c \A' ' (\\
,-*^ J blanket of the finest selected R CDCPIAI QAI C IIF A QPFPIAI QAI C fIE ' In a package; 6-0 yards lor br. A *J VH*' IM.
f<Z:~j\ n fleece Brown. We ask you to <& .00 A OItUIHU OHLC Ul H OrLulHi. OHLC UT I hummer at Package *^, IW»
I >■«_■ V compare this with other $5 <© __ _ JA "A ■■ _o*%_ _*^ #% J% tf% B__k a , fT \_A
li X bla^ -^ Pair IAOI/rTO OilßfP'fP* PfinriQ 1000 Yards of PILLOW-CASE fitfY
Ml Our Blanket Values Can't Be Beat. IflrMETx _LJ il L 0 0 UU 0 1 __*s^ 7 ?^y»wsss_ 5 c /jg|^
*|p Our BlankeD Values Can't Be Beat. jU | m Kfk ff" |-^ BJ fl B P___, (^ UU USJIJI at " Yard /52 >
siH B a^SkMSvr__. ©c.oo --•^llM,ll .qatu, v, __. «nrt . Saturday. Thes-' values are for one waek only. The best pick to WE SELL NEW IDEA 10c PATTERNS. [ ■
Vj& tor." tavte. 1 wonder' $6- Begins to-morrow at BA. M. sharp, and ends Saturday, early comers. - . '■ p LAD ik_- 6-butt"S7" length H
JT-A . Jul value at Pair January 24, at 6P. M. sharp. ALL-WOOL SKKOE, a 35-ln. cloth, in myrtle, olive, brown tan Ol C BIARRITZ KID (.LOVES-Kert, j|___
,4___H * ".-'.', ~r m ,^n7^~. — Z •_» ... and reseda. Special clearln.; sale price J.L tun. brown, gray, green, black, ■"rVJ-fl
/3_lF\_ FLANNELETTES, 27 inches wide, 4IC .____ :.. Yard pearl and white; sizes 5Vi to 8V 3 : UC\G ' •fT*!
/I Mm V***. ' ,n llgnl or <lark colon, ft ,air J_ J NOTE. ATT mnn , these were leaders at boo. Now VJO gpQ
<_V #_!. \5. quality. On bale out at _ard Ttlf vir n,rr, m the border of this advertisement represent the garments as A ££,>> n^'"^ S • J s °- «"•»?«• i° myrtle, cadet, ore reduced to '. Pair ___Bh__.ll
\__ _- __*_&• • „„,,„ „, /#_.„ mniw drawn orowo, caraina or garnet. Special clearing sale price 1 __«_) A f m „ n . A
*^¥ft^_^_^ Come in tbe Morning If You Can. nearly as mey canoearawn. (These values are particularly good ones). Yard LADIES' Tf.EFOIJ-.SE GLACE /(i\s~/ & X
TRasVV. 4 v„„ DI .oroFD___»KT,, A FOR 39c— A DOut 23 Jackets with front, in tan, bine and 39 c 'KSaiSSr*"'"'-" 1 ' ■*<■ 25° KIU GLOVifi.-— 4 button: tau, ' c 1 I * •II A )
(!395\V^ aNODDLOTOFbTITaSKTEA J J^\ theB ' eeVe /» r ° n0 . e l Xt^ ,arg f^ 39° talSu.e F ™.ho?_^e_Sncl-__^.^^^ SK .KVJS? ln'_ "%° sS^S o*_C M 0/^
*fflf T s^a. , d i a d -a_^ *r.IS-r.!'...*r^-.*_'.r.-.*--!-..^:.. c^f Kach * P --jr-^: ™ &»««_-_!'* 95° "S : \i_T
H^ 'li/s to -«i yams long, fringed. <» "I .65 , — ; ~  „. ._,_ occ FRENCH ALBATROSS au all-wool labric, worth SOc; It is silghtlv one be closed oat at... --air ij
fT plain whue or colored borders. «J) 1 | FOR 85c-About three dozen Jackets in mixtures and plain £_£•- soiled on the vage edge, cream, pink, light blue, Nile, mais? car"- _»U _/ .Ml _.:„» i„..„i_, Kid Gloves 1 V Z _i
;|or_?il iii a Bargain Pile this week at. Each colors, some are naif silk :inel. tine material, but not tt,e V-U dinal. lilac, tan an l light gray. To close at.. . ' Yarn (We Sell Uenuine Jouvin Ma Gloves.) 1 *, "W
1 1— , latest style, see picture. Clearing sale |*n*_<*. ------ ° * lUIU  __ „„,_■_- _. \ ___S *
LVj HEMSTITCUEO SHEETS, bleached and ._ --„- HENRIE ITA CLOTH, in pink, Nile and lilac, 45 inches wide. A O'C WHITE PEARL BIUTO.NS-These KSS
rCxS? readytous. Notice the sizes: FOR $1 25-A mixed lot of Jackets, in all shades, many of them ffl»1 ._ special pr.ee for this week at D are aclear white button. _ |__^;i
81x9Jiuches 4'*i .c Each silk lined, the material is superior. Our clearing sale pcr.e. _?J-,— ' Yard j_iues 18 and _J....; oc dozen iWfiA
ft?W 9UxBoinches 47Vi_o Lach tach FRFl>irw o TnR , r «,„„„„ ,— ; — , , Line 6c dozen fiJ^L,
!\\- ?\ iRfcRCH STORM SERGE, strictly "all wool and a yard wide." O'-C 1 _ag_HP
/^_', FOR $1 50 — MELTON CLOTH JACKETS, In tans, blue, black ©1 .50 lv black and navy. On sale a, rfO FANCY STRIPE li HI. BBON- A ll MpiTf
>f^\ FOR LADIES. 80me are ail 8llk lined Our clearing sale price. See ftl— I^!^ ' * Md ff™ tZ,n. niv "JE^M 15° .K|
/( A f \ * v_/iv »-^«-' •_-.*-_•_ picture SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY. go this week a.. Yard Y/^_S_f7*N
WlCrtN I LADIES' NIGHTGOWNS, made of REDUCED R,, 1 , *, l 0 M 95 Ladles' Tan 1K . 1[ .. l ■• M SR3 9,5 80-INCH ALL-WOOL SERGE, a superior 65c cloth, in black or „ C ' ■}( _»« 1
W/001// line cambric and soft-liuished collar inlaid with velvet, shield front, a swell affair, bee pic- _.♦£— uavy . Special price .............. . . . ' f45 ». or_ _.../«•.«•.. _- '/I l_-^*. I
U' "IIJC/ muslin, an elaborately trimmed ture. 'lo be closed out at Each * jv CI IDNI SH I Nil **> '/\ IT A .
»> B^T.. affair with white and colored em- ' _, HLH '" * 1-^ I\l 1 I*-'! 111 VJ **J. [1 II A I
/ \ N5 broidery, several styles, actually These Reductions Are Absolutely True. FRENCH J ACQUARD SUITINGS, a ; l5-inch all-wool fabric, that A c /J A 111
A-JMa soidfor*lsoand«!2 -- --i- MoS: REDUCED FROM* sto VS 95, Ladles' Black Beaver Capes, 00 9. sold all season »or 75c, reseda, myrtle, prune and brown. To close OU GENT- COTTON IiOSE. fast '// J\)
V____.r \\ _ .'_* a ? placed on sale Mon- Ul» 100 iri mined _ ith Thioet fur. three rows of blacK bi^MnDd col- : ({E.O— - - * ara .^redhUl unbleach.-, high- 10 C I/) fl \ /
> ». .. a » vr PurtAf anrl iif»-_ira- l,t* 1 1.0 irimuieuwun i niDet iur. mree rows or dluck oraiuaruuuu iw / .. «__..,.___.. hoal rinnhiHßnln_in_ii_._> I»1 // / 11 \J 7
jfWfn* \ bi-in every fes^a. NO limit. $1— lar and down front, see picture. To be sold this week at.. Each CAMEL's-TlAllt SUITING, a two-toned novelty effect, worth a 7 .- C Prtc. ao "c__« _.?..?.?..?..?. l^ir IIJ^JHJ
ll^l 1>r ' Cc : Kach LADI.S- FANCY BOUCLE JaCKkTs, an actual reduction ffl. -.00 dodar,^iii be put on sale tomorrow at -fy __ v HofiK KlIBl M
.S__>: .__, .r , .i.T^TT wCTd irom ..750, buttons uigh to the neck, fly fron: .-.nd half silk »_SD _ ,••"■ »rd BO\S BLACK COT lON HOSt,, '' - _^f
gg L^ D -? S L"_ a_.T o_.0 _.. L N. V S sl |:, _^_-_i£^J^_L_i_il_^ SKK OUR .»__^-_l»»SWI-.DOW. .arrow** rufbVi, h.gh 8 - -pncea 1 p->C H
i S/ er^4| Kicheiieu ribbed, pink, white,' -ycC cZjOSXJNTG- OUT OUR STOCK OX_i<__>T3El-*EIC_>"CJI-r3__> -OiC_>o_l__J_;s. heels doub c knee*" and toe. 10_ J^toJ '
J \\\\ - -6101-!?_.f:..^G tt ie»t A. BARGAIN FEAST FOR LOVERS OP BOOKS AND STANDARD LITEftATUftK -losing them ou^a^. Pair / \A
/ \\\\ CHARLKS DICKENS' WORKS-NEW COLUMBUS SERIES— FOR 35c VOLUME CHILDREN NATURAL GRAY I I\\\
I WW LADIES' BLACK CASHMERE LOKI> LYTION'S WOKKS-l'lll'l'LAK EDITION— -» r>c VOLUME MERINO UNDERWEAR, a / |\\\
| \\\\ liOiE, made ot heavy aa-TOiiy GEORI.E ELLIOT'S WOKKS— POPULAR EDITION'— FOR : _>r>c >OLUME good heavy garment, silk bound, 1 I I\\
J l\ \\ yarn and narrow ribbed, actually Of^U WILLIAM BLACK'S WORKS— -FECIAL EDITION— I'OR ...35c "VOLUME nboed bottom, so.ris in sizes OQC / I 1 \\
/ I\ \\ _K>la for _5c and 40c a pair. aCO . j-'KNIMOItE COOPER'S WORK . — STAND ARO EDIT JON— FOR 40c VOLUME 20 to 34. drawers -.4 to di. Z.O / j\ \\
/ \ \ \\ clearing them this week at. Pair THACKERAY'S WORKS— SPECIAL EDITION— FOR 40c VOLUME Clearing sale price Garment / \\
/ \ \\\ JOHN BUSKIN'S WORKS— STANDARD KDITIO - — l-'OR s» c VOLU.HK / I \\ \\
/ \ \ V LADIES'' BLACK COTTON J. M BADKir.'. WORKS- - PEt. lAL EDITION— FOR 50c VOLUME GENTS* HEAVY WOOL • UN- "^Sr-r-l \\ V
1TO IMV-' HOSE, high-spliced heels, double ICC CHARLES DICKENS' WORKS-STANDARD EDITION— FOR 500 VOLUME DKRWEAR. camel's hair and r-ti fr^SN*-^^
: J_s__l soleandioes. A -special" on the XO THOMAS CARLYLE'S WOR.vS-SPECI AL EDITION — FOR 50c VOLUME natural gray, silk-bound. Clear- .0 l_Ms™e__v
v^-P^il tables, so come eariy I'alr J (All Clolh-bountl and worth nearly twice as much), 1 lug sale price Garment ::: "'S^_-S-_
SPIRITUALISM IN
BIBLICAL LIGHT
A Reply to Rev. Dr. Far
rand's Late Criticism
of Mediums.
Professor Mingo Says His Order
Is Religious, but Free
From Dogma.
He Defines Spiritualism and Shows
How Scriptural History Recog'
n.z d It.
The following communication is self
explanatory:
Ban Francisco, Cal., Jan. 12, 1897.
Editor Call: in Monday's issue of your pa
per an article appeared headlined, "Hotly
Scored the Mediums," in which Rev. Dr. F. R.
Farrand assails spiritualism, setting forth the
following points:
First— Tbat it is antagonistic to the Bible.
Second— That the study of it conduces to in
fidelity.
Third— That it lacks facts.
Lastly, he discredits spirit return by asking
why the spirits of your friends do not come to
all, instead of coming to a few mediums.
And lastly, knowing that there is some pow
er in the tests that have been given by medi
ums, he tries to blindfold the public into the
belief of mind- reading or mental suggestion, a
subject that in itself is spiritual force, as the
mind itself is spirit, and is a something that
he nor no mortal has yet been able to com
prehend or understand. So that is the loop
hole by which he seeks to throw dirt upon us,
and lastly, throw out his challenge to any me
dium to produce in daylight any proofs or
facts to substantiate our doctrine.
Now, Mr. Editor, as we are continually as
sailed and desire to be looked upon as a re
ligious order and not infidels, but simply free
from the orthodox dogmas oi creed, and are
progressive thinkers and searchers of truth,
and as a medium of Christian faith and a sub
scriber to your paper 1 feel il a duty to answer
this attack and ask your indulgence.
The reverend sir holds up his Bible as a book
from which there can be no appeal, an au
thority infallible ; and asserts that spiritual
ism is antagonistic to the Bible.
In order to see how much faith we can place
in this Bible let us review its history and
origin, see who is its author and closely ex
amine the conditions under which it was
written, to see how antagonistic spiritualism
is to It.
This book, it has always been claimed, is
God's word transmitted to man from the in
visible or spirit world under inspiration.
What is inspiration? What meaning does it
convey? By whom inspired? These are ques
tions that must ba met and candidly an
swered. Inspired by spirit or possible spirits?
Who can prove if they existed in the singular
or plural number?
Yet this book is conceded to have had many
writers or authors at various periods, all said
to have been inspired by the same spirit to
write these messages that constitute this book
of spirit messages.
If you closely follow the origin of this book
you are led to know that men, not man, is re
sponsible for its existence. You learn that it
did not fall irom heaven, as these reverend
people would have yoa believe. Hence, in
spiration was the factor, man the medium of
the manifestation of the spirit. Hence, we
find this very book owes its existence to spir
itualism.
The teaching of spiritualism— first, It
teacnes an infinite intelligence, all-perfect,
and does not in the next breath condemn all
mortals to perdition, but to be subject to evo
lution, not hell fire; hence we are to your be
lief infidels. We see universal evolution in
all nature; you see universal condemnation ;
so we are infidels, but we are content to see
perfection, not evil. Of course, we are al
lowed our own reason and common-sense,
heucs our teachings are infidelity. If this
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1897.
I HALE BROS. j_- .1
faith is infidelity then we are as you say. and
intend to remain so in spite of assault.
But we lack facts, you say. All right, we
will right here produce a few from your book
of spirit messages called by you the Bible.
First— Moses received the commandments,
already written. This Is manifestly slate
writin-r. If it could be then why canuot it be
now? Do you know?
Again, read Daniel, chap, ii: "Revealed
Vision of Kinß's dream."
Again, read Daniel, v:5: "Spirit fingers
write a message upon the wall."
ifiteould exist then why not now? Have
nature's laws and nature's God changed
You claim he is unalterable.
Here are recorded two distinct phases of
slate-writing. Are they of the devil? Are
they a fraud? Or what are they ?
How about spiritreturn as borne out by your
book of laith or the Bible?
Read twenty-eighth chapter of First Samuel,
seventh to twentieth verse.
Here you are shown a medium in the very
act of communicating with a departed spirit.
Samuel came to the witch or medium of
Endor.
Samuel would not come to Saul. Why would
he not? Read life oi Saul, you may see the
reason. In this chapter all of your points go
for naught.
Again read Mark ninth chapter; Luke ninth
chapter, twenty-ninth to thirty-fifth verses.
Here, too. is a direct manifestation of spirit
return. Moses being dead many years, ap
peared with Elias as spirits, not as angels,
speaking and conversing with theNazarene.
Again Matthew twenty-eighth chapter,
Mark sixteenth, Luke twenty-fourth and John
twentieth chapter.
All of these mediums agree upon the return
of the Nazarene after his crucifixion.
Now here are records of three distinct
manifestations of spirit returns of four dif
ferent spirits who once were mortals, all
recorded from the very book from which he
condemns the truth of spirit return.
Now I have nothing more to say, only let
the reverend gentleman set time and place. I
will meet him in public accepting his chal
lenge and will swamp him with facts from his
own Bible.
With these remarks I shall have, I hope,
silenced all controversy. You ask why your
spirit friends do not come to you, instead of
going to a few mediums. I will say it is just
with you as with the majority. I'ou do not
want them to come. You are not seeking the
truth. In a narrow-minded creed you shut
out all and investigate nothing outside of
your own ideas. You pray and invoke the
spirits to come to you with the mouth, but
with the heart or desire you repel. If by «ny
chance the spirits you pray to come to you
should appear actually to your sight, I feel
you would not remain long enough to look at
them in order to identify who they were,
thereiore the spirit does not desire to
frishten you to death.
Now, reverend, sir, read Matthew vii: 1-5,
and Corinthians, 1-11. See what St. Paul
says, and hereafter don't show your lack of
faith in your own Bible and your ignorance of
its contents. Head it more. It will surely do
you good. Professor Charles A. Mingo,
834 Mission street,
Medium of Christian Spiritualism.
ANOTHER CHAMPION.
Mrs. C. Parrlsh Objects to Dr.
Farrand's Attitude.
The following letter on the subject of
Dr. Farrand's 'address has also been re
ceived : • .
Pan Francisco, Jan 15, 1897.
Editor Morning Call— Dear Sir: In your Issue
of llth I saw reported some remarks by one
said to be '-a Rev." F. R. Farrand, who has
mistaken his calling, that ot instructing the
people. He should confine his teachings to
subjects of which he may have some knowl
edge and not venture upon oue on which he ls
entirely ignorant.
One simple question asked by him expresses
most thoroughly his incapacity to deal with
•'spiritual phenomena," hence I say "bands
off." He says, "why i/ the spirits of those we
have known can return do they not come to
all of us?" . Read up young man and you may
know. This was a question propounded to an
audience presumably intelligent, which any
ten year old boy or girl could answer who had
ever heard spiritual philosophy discussed.
On mind-reading he is equally uninformed.
Hetter restrict himself to theology where
his blunders may not be so apparent.
Byron says: "The man who denies what he
cannot disprove is a fool." Spiritualism has
demonstrated to the world within fifty years
what the Christian religion has failed to do in
nearly 2000 years. It has proved the indi
vidual existence of the spirit alter the death
of the body and its ability to communicate
from the subjective to the objective state of
being, and is continually giving these prools.
I am not a medium, nor have I a relative that
is one, but think this mud slinging by clerical
gentlemen snould cease; can they not in the
gospel of Christ find subjects of continued in
terest upon which to employ their mentality?
, Respectlully, Mrs. C. Palish.
I HALE BROS. I
GLEANINGS AMONG
CITY CHURCHES
Mrs. Stanford to Receive
in Honor of Bishop
Newman.
Activity Among the Various?
Societies of Christian
Endeavor.
A Methodist Prelate to Occupy Emanu-
El Pu pit — Women's Home
Missionary Society.
Bishop and Mrs. Newman are to be ten
dered a reception by Mrs. Leland Stan
ford at her mansion on Tuesday, the 26th
inst., from 3 to 6 o'clock in the afternoon.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Norvell have been
holding evangelist meetings all tbis week
at the First Baptist Church on Eddy
street.
The Christian Endeavor Society of the
Third Congregational Church will hold its
installation of officers on Tuesday even
ing, January 19, at 8 o'clock, in the church
parlors. Rev. William Rader, the pastor,
will deliver the installation address and
the following officers will be installed:
Walter Parsons Clark, president; Miss
H <_-t tie M. Corlett, vice-president; - Miss
Jennie T. McLerie, recording secretary;
Miss Hettie Eastman, corresponding sec
retary; Mrs. Lou McDaniel, treasurer.
Special music is beirg arranged, and ad
dresses will be made by Rev. James B.
Orr, J. A. Wiles, Charles M. Whitney and
others. A cordial invitation is extended
to all who are interested in the Endeavor
movement. The installation services are
in charge of Miss Ethel Murpby.
The Woman's Christian Temperance
Union, at the recent St. Louis convention,
decided to observe March 20 of each year
as "Neal Dow's Day." It is the anniver
sary of his birth who stands as the fore
most leader of the temperance forces in
tiiis country, unless he yield that honor
to Miss Willard, who sends out the call
for the observance of the day.
Mrs. Reynolds, a prominent local con
tralto, will take Miss Wilcox's place in the
Calvary Presbyterian choir.
Rev. P. C. Yorke will lecture at Menlo
Park this evening for the benefit of the
Nativity of Our Lord Church. The sub
ject of the address is ''Reasonable Ser
vice." The lecture will be given in the
church.
To-day, the feast of the Holy Name of
Jesus, will be celebrated with appropriate
ceremonies at St. Ignatius Church, it
beinir the oaironal feast of the Society of
Jesus. Solemn High Mass will be cele
brated at half-past 10 o'clock. The sermon'
will be preached by h_3 Grace Archbishop
Riordan.
Rev. Joseph Gleason of St. Rose's
Church will preach in St. Francis Church,
Montgomery avenue and Vallejo street,
this evening at vespers. The many friends
and admirers of Father Gleason are sure
to be present at the sermon and he can
reckon upon a large audience on the occa
sion.
The.Endeavorers of, Hamilton-square
Baptist Church are planning an entertain
ment which gives promise of being a most
- •
HALE BROS. I
successful affair. The "George Washing
ton Entertainment" as it is called will
be held in some hall next month and a
small admission fee charged.
The last Sunday in this month Calvary
Presbyterian Church will hold its third
annual special musical service of the win
ter. There will be selections from the or
atorio of "Elijah," by Mendelssohn.
After closing her San Francisco cam
paign Bri adier Brown of the Salvation
Army took supper with tbe headquarters
staff and gave a beautiful farewell talk.
Tho brigadier goes from California to Ore
gon.
The annual address of the Young Men's
Christian Association this afternoon will
be delivered by Bishop Newman.
KlThe A. M. E. Zion Society is making ar
rangements for a grand entertainment,
January 28, in the nature ofa "Blue Tea,"
forthe benefitof their ' 97 fund. .At their
recent election Rev. Mr. Callous was
elected president, Miss Jackson recording
secretary, Mrs. Thomas corresponding
secretary.
The quarterly meeting of the conference
hoard of the Women*- Home Missionary
Society will.be held on January 19, at the
California-street M. E. Church at 10 a. m.
A large attendance is expected.
Next Friday evening, January 22, the
Right Rev. Bi.h'p John P. Newman will
occupy the Eraanu-El pulpit. The
Bishop's subject will be: "The Ancient
Story of the Valley of the Euphrates."
The community is cordially invited to at
tend. Everybody i 3 welcome at the Tem
ple. *j*BMf|p|gl
The annual tea meeting of the Metho
dist Episcopal Extension Society will
take place next Friday night, at Rev. Dr.
Bairn's church. There will be a reception
first, then the tea, then Bishop Newman
speaks. After that they will raise money
to help out the feebler churches.
JUSTICE KEEEIGAN SUSTAINED.
Judge Seawell Says Non- Ken!.. ent Cor
porations .Must Give Bond for Costs. ,
Judge Seawell has rendered an impor
tant decision in regard to non-resident
corporations.
The question involved came up in the
case of the Phoenix Insurance Company
of Hartford against J. E. Partridge, which
was begun in the court of Justice of the
Peace Kerrigan, wherein Attorneys Hill
yer and Jacobs raised the point that a
non -resident corporation ought to be com
pelled to furnish a bond for costs of court,
and Judge Kerrigan ordered a bond for $50
to be filed in court, refusing to enter the
default of the defendant until the bond
was on file.
Upon this the Phcenix Insurance Com
pany applied to Presiding Judge Seawell
for a writ of mandate requiring Justice
Kerrigan to proceed with the trial without
a bond for the costs. After hearing argu
ment Judge Seawell decided that Jus. ice
Kerrigan was right and dismissed the
petition for the writ.
NEW to-dat:
steTnway
pianos
ABE USED AT AEE
NORDICA
Concerts-
SHERHAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway Dealers.
SAN FRAN CISCO - Kearny and Sutter Streets
OAKLAND - Broad .and Thirteenth Streets
PORTLAND. OH. - Fifth and Yuuibill Streets
B&ATTX-K. WASH. - - - 716 Kecond (.treet
HALE BROS. . A\
KEW TO-DAT.
IT PAYS
To look around before purchasing. You're
not fitting up a house every day. We con-
sider ourselves able to do a little better for
you than any other store in the city. You
get everything under one roof, and if your
cash is limited we'll maKe suitable terms
for you. This week we have special value
in:
Crumb Cloths and Bugs from 53. 00 up
Pictures, per pair 75c up
Beds with Mattress 97.50 up
-..-aw Oak Bed Sets, with Mat-
tresses, Chairs, Bocker and Pil-
lows 924.50 up
Medium Sets as above, 11 .931. 50 up
5-Piece Parlor Se.s 920.00 up
Chiffonier, 1-olished oak 912. 50 up
Mantel .Folding Beds 912.50 up
Mattings— Redding—
TWO ACRES OF FLOOR
SPACE PACKED.
LARGEST STOCK. LARGEST STORE.
LOWEST PRICES. EASIEST TERMS.
j. _isroo_isr_A_.__sr.
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Street.
516-518-520- Minna ..tree..
Above Sixth.
Phone, Jessie 4L Open Evenings.
Galatea's awakening resembles the experience of many half-alive people.
Like the statue they are sound in every limb, yet they frequently suffer
headache, indigestion, biliousness and other disorders brought on by
inactive stomach and liver. The digestive organs are half asleep. They
need awakening into natural activity.
RIPANS TABULES
will awaken them "in a purely natural way. Ripans Tabules cure all
troubles that come from a sluggish liver or disordered stomach. Instead
of tearing down, Ripans Tabules build up and strengthen the overworked
organs. They are particularly helpful to people of sedentary occupa-
tions, and to women. They promote regular, habits/clear head-*, sound
sleep and strong nerves. Ripans Tabules are made from a perfected
formula that is a favorite prescription with most good physicians.
NOT A GRAIN OF GUESS WORK ABOUT THEIR CURATIVE POWERS.
! HALE BROS.
NEW TO-DAT.
S_BpHB
DRUGS, PERFUMERY,
PATEST MEDICINES, RURRER GOODS,
TOILET ARTICLES,
1 FME WISES A..D LIQUORS,
HIGH-GRADE CIGARS.
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, Rut Here's a Snap:
Relmonts. 12V_*c size ent to 109
La Rosa. 3 csize cut to 10
Sanchez & Haya. l-**_c size cut to 103
Xl Telegrapho, 13*V_c size cut to 103
General Arthur, -Oc straight.. cut to 3 for '15a
General Burnside, 10c straight cut to 3 for 253
Figaro. Be straight cut to 6 for li 3
King..-*, oc wight cut to ti for Ijj
RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.